7>'« 


LONDON     LABOUR 


LONDON    POOR. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR : 


THE  CONDITION   AND    EARNINGS    OF 


THOSE  THAT  WILL  WORK,  CANNOT  WORK,  AND 
WILL  NOT  WORK. 


BY 

HENRY    MAYHEW. 


VOL   I. 

LOlsTDOIsT      STREET  -  FOLK" 


LONDON: 

CIIAK;  |  !;l  I  -I-  IN     AND    COMPANY, 

ND. 


LONDON : 

PRINTED   BY    WILLIAM   CLOWES   AND  SONS     LIMITED, 
STAMFORD  STREET  AND  CHAUING   CltUSS. 


CONTENTS  OF  VOLUME  I 


THE  STREET  FOLK. 


WANDERING  TRIBES  IN  GENERAL  -------- 

•BRING  TRIBES  IN  THE  COUNTRY      ------- 

THE  LONDON  STREET  FOLK          - 

OOSTERMONGEKS         ---------- 

STREET-SELLERS  OP  FISH    --------- 

STREET-SELLERS  OF  FRUIT  AND  VEGETABLES     - 

IOHARY  STREET-SELLERS  OF  FISH,  FRUIT,  AND  VEGETABLES 

Tmt  STREET  IRISH   ---------- 

STREET  SELLERS  OF  GAME,  POULTRY  (LIVE  AND  DEAD),  RABBITS,  BUTTER,  CHEESE,  AND 

-     126 


STREET-SELLERS  OF  TREES,  SHRUBS,  FLOWERS  (CUT  AND  IN  POTS),  ROOTS,  SEEDS,  AND 

-          -          -          -      136 


OF  GRKEN-STUFF  --------153 

OF  EATABLES  AND  DRINKABLES  -  -     166 

STREET-SELLERS  OF  STATIONERY,  I.  AM.   im    FINK  ARTS  -     227 

STREET-SELLERS  OF  MANUFACTURED  ARTICLES   -  - 

Tin  WOMEH  STREET-SELLERS       -  .....  -     Ml 

THE  CHILDH*  STREET-SELLERS    -------- 


ILLUSTRATIONS  TO  VOL.  1. 


PAGB 

LONDON  COSTERMONGEB      -  -~_____i 

THE  COSTER  GIRL:  "APPLES"     -                               ______  17 

THE  OYSTER  STALL:  "PENNY  A  LOT"    -  33 

THE  BAKED-POTATO  MAN  :  "  ALL  'or  "  -                               -                                          -  49 

THE  LONDON  COFFEE  STALL         -                                ______  g5 

THE  COSTER  BOY  AND  GIRL  TOSSING  THE  PIEMAN      -          -                               -          -  81 

THE  IRISH  STREET-SELLER:  "Two  A  PINNY  OR-ANGES"  97 
THE  WALLFLOWER  GIRL    -                                           --                     ---113 

THE  ORANGE  MART,  DUKE'S  PLACE        -                               -                    -          -          -  129 

THE  HINDOO  TRACT  SELLER         -                                          -  145 

THE  STREET-SELLER  OF  GREASE-REMOVING  COMPOSITION       -                                          -  151 

THE  GROUNDSELL  MAN  :  "  CHICK-WEED  ANI>  GBUN-SELL  "                                                 -  177 

THE  ONE-LEGGED  SWEEPER  OF  CHANCERY  LANE                                                    -          -  193 

THE  LONG  SONG  SELLER  :  "  TWO-UNDER  FIFTY  FOR  A  FARDY  "                    -  209 

THE  LUCIFER  MATCH  GIRL                                                                  -  225 
THE  STREET-SELLER  OF  NUTJCEG-GRATERS         -                    _____241 

THE  THIEVES'  KITCHEN,  Fox  COURT,  GRAY'S  INN  LANE        -  257 

THE  STREET-SELLER  OF  CROCKERY-WARE                                                      -                    -  273 

THE  STREET  BOOK  AUCTIONEER    -          -                                           -                     -          -  281) 

THE  STREET-SELLER  OF  DOGS'-COLLARS  -                                           -  305 

THE  STREET  RHUBARB  AND  SPICE  SELLER                                                                            -  321 

DOCTOR   BOKANKY,   THE   STREET  HERBALIST           -                                                                                               -  337 

THE  BLIND  BOOT-LACE  SELLER     -                                                      -  353 

ILLUSTRATIONS  OF  STREET  ART: — I.,  II.,  III.  -                                           -  358 

THE  STREET  COMB  SELLER           -                     -                    _____  309 

SCENE  IN  PETTICOAT  LANE                                                                            ...  335 

THE  STREET-SELLER  OF  WALKING-STICKS                                          -          -          -          -  401 

VIEW  IN  ROSEMARY  LANE                                                                     _          _          _          -  417 

THE  STREET  DOG  SELLER  -                                                      _____  433 

THE  STREET-SELLER  OF  BIRD'S-NESTS      -                                -                                           -  449 

THE  CRIPPLED  STREET  BIRD  SELLER      -  -1H3 

THE  BONE  GRUBBER                                  ________  477 

THE  JEW  OLD- CLOTHES  MAN        -                                                                                    -  491 

THE  MUD  LARK       -                                                               _____  597 

THE  LONDON  DUSTMAN-  "DusT  Hoi''    -                                                                         -  :>];» 
THE  LONDON  SWEEP           _--_._____ 


*Cnb0ur  imfo  tbc  'Couboit  |1o0r, 


'  Bert  Pwuten  I  KturoU  and  Turaopa !  Quc  Brockello-o-o 


No.  1. 


LONDON    LABOUR 


AND 


THE    LONDON    POOR. 


THE    STREET-FOLK. 


-G  TKIBES  IN  GEXEIIAL. 

OF  tin  Bullions  of  human  beings 

that  arc  said  to  constitute  the  population 
of  the  entire  globe,  there  are  —  socially, 
physically    consi- 
—  but  two  distinct  and  broadly  : 

•lie  wanderers  and  the  settlers  —  the 
id  and  the  citizen  —  the  nomadic  and  the 

however,  ethnologi  mediate  va- 

'es  of  both.    There 
:he  race  of  hunters  and  manufac- 
'Oting  and   : 


bo  live  by  producing  —  but,  say  they, 
iio  live 

-.what  they  consume. 

:sses  has  its  peculiar  and  dis- 

ristics. 

•  "hard, 

"three  prii!  firm   of  the 

• 

•endent  for  their  supply 
";.l  and 


,vs. 


r  the  i 

-  with   tlu-ir 
cs,  on 
kull   •> 


the  bone*  of 


those  of  the  skull  are  more  highly  de-. 

ter  relative  development  of  the  jnws  and 
check  bones,  says  the  author  of  the  "  Natural 
History  of  Man,"  indicates  a  more  ample  ex- 
tension of  the  organs  subservient 
and  the  anima\  faculties.  Such  a  configuration 
is  adapted  to  the  wander 

greater  relative  development  of  the  bones  of  the 
skull — indicating  as  it  does  a  greater  expansion 
of  the  brain,  and  consequently  of  the  intellectual 
faculties — is  especially  adapted  to  the  civilized 
races  or  settlers,  who  depend  mainly  on  their 
knowledge  of  the  powers  and  properties  of  thing* 
for  the  necessaries  and  comforts  of 

Moreover  it  would  appear,  that  not  01 
all   races  divisible  into  wanderers  ; 
but  that  each  civilized  or  sett! 
rally  some  wandering  horde  intermingled  with, 
and  in  a  inc.; 

bo    has 
.    South 
Africa, 
submitted  tl.<  Mining 

';!s   of    property    and 

..ml   forming 

hordes  of  vagabonds  an'l    01 
;  "      meaning   11: 

/ 

been  a 

.    •    .    •  • 

till    more  deserving  of 

l;  '2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


notice,  is  the  difference  of  speech  between  the 
Irishmen  and  the  Hottentots.  The  people  of 
some  hordes,  Dr.  Andrew  Smith  assures  us,  vary 
their  speech  designedly,  and  adopt  new  words, 
with  the  intent  of  rendering  their  ideas  unin- 
telligible to  all  but  the  members  of  their  own 
community.  For  this  last  custom  a  peculiar 
name  exists,  which  is  called  "  cuze-cat.1"  This  is 
considered  as  greatly  advantageous  in  assisting 
concealment  of  their  designs. 

Here,  then,  we  have  a  series  of  facts  of  the 
utmost  social  importance.  (1)  There  are  two 
distinct  races  of  men,  viz.  :  —  the  wandering 
and  the  civilized  tribes  ;  (2)  to  each  of  these 
tribes  a  different  form  of  head  is  peculiar,  the 
wandering  races  being  remarkable  for  the  deve- 
lopment of  the  bones  of  the  face,  as  the 
jaws,  cheek-bones,  &c.,  and  the  civilized  for 
the  development  of  those  of  the  head ;  (3)  to  each 
civilized  tribe  there  is  generally  a  wandering 
horde  attached ;  (•!•)  such  wandering  hordes 
have  frequently  a  different  language  from  the 
more  civilized  portion  of  the  community,  and 
that  adopted  with  the  intent  of  concealing  their 
designs  and  exploits  from  them. 

It  is  curious  that  no  one  has  as  yet  applied 
the  above  facts  to  the  explanation  of  certain 
anomalies  in  the  present  state  of  society  among 
ourselves.  That  we,  like  the  Kafirs,  Fellahs, 
and  Finns,  are  surrounded  by  wandering  hordes 
— the  "  Sonquas"  and  tin-  "  Fingoes"  of  this 
country — paupers,  beggars,  and  outcast 

r  nothing  but  what  they  acquire  by  depre- 
dation from  the  industrious,  provident,  and  civil- 
ized portion  of  the  community; — that  the  heads 
of  these  nomad cs  are  remarkable  for  the  greater 
development  of  the  jaws  and  cheekbones  rather 
than  those  of  the  head  ; — and  that  they  have 
a  secret  language  of  their  own — an  English 
"cuzc-cat"  or  "  slang  "  as  it  is  called — for  the 
concealment  of  their  designs  :  these  are  points 
of  coincidence  so  striking  that,  when  placed  be- 
fore the  mind,  make  us  marvel  that  the  analogy 
should  have  remained  thus  long  unnoticed. 

The  resemblance  once  discovered,  however, 
•  becomes  of  great  service  in  enabling  us  to  use 
the  moral  characteristics  of  the  nomade  races 
of  other  countries,  as  a  means  of  comprehending 
the  more  readily  those  of  the  vagabonds  and 
outcasts  of  our  own.  Let  us  therefore,  before 
entering  upon  the  subject  in  hand,  briefly  run 
over  the  distinctive,  moral,  and  intellectual  fea- 
tures of  the  wandering  tribes  in  general. 

The  nomad  then  is  distinguished  from  the 
civilized  man  by  his  repugnance  to  regular 
and  continuous  labour — by  his  want  of  provi- 
dence in  laying  up  a  store  for  the  future — by 
his  inability  to  perceive  consequences  ever  so 
slightly  removed  from  immediate  apprehension 
— by  his  passion  for  stupefying  herbs  and  roots, 
#nd,  when  possible,  for  intoxicating  fermented 
liquors — by  his  extraordinary  powers  of  enduring 
privation — by  his  comparative  insensibility  to 
pain — by  an  immoderate  love  of  gaming,  fre- 
quently risking  his  own  personal  liberty  upon  a 
single  cast — by  his  love  of  libidinous  dances — 


by  the  pleasure  he  experiences  in  witnessing  the 
suffering  of  sentient  creatures — by  his  delight  in 
warfare  and  all  perilous  sports — by  his  desire 
for  vengeance — by  the  looseness  of"  his  notions 
as  to  property  —  by  the  absence  of  chastity 
among  his  women,  and  his  disregard  of  female 
honour — and  lastly,  by  his  vague  sense  of  reli- 
gion—  his  rude  idea  of  a  Creator,  and  utter 
absence  of  all  appreciation  of  the  mercy  of  the 
Divine  Spirit. 

Strange  to  say,  despite  its  privations,  its  dan- 
gers, and  its  hardships,  those  who  have  once 
adopted  the  savage  and  wandering  mode  of  life, 
rarely  abandon  it  There  are  countless  exam- 
ples of  white  men  adopting  all  the  usages  of 
the  Indian  hunter,  but  there  is  scarcely  one 
example  of  the  Indian  hunter  or  trapper  adopt- 
ing the  steady  and  regular  habits  of  civilized 
life  ;  indeed,  the  various  missionaries  who  have 
visited  nomade  races  have  found  their  labours 
utterly  unavailing,  so  long  as  a  wandering  life 
continued,  and  have  succeeded  i:: 
the  elements  of  civilization,  only  on 
compelled  by  circumstances  to  adopt  a  settled 
habitation. 

OF  THE  "\VANnr.niNr,  Tuinr.s   or  THIS 
COUNTRY. 

THE  nomadic  races  of  England  are  of  many 
distinct  kinds — from  the  habitual  vagrant  — 
halt-beggar,  half- thief — sleep ii 
and  casual  ward.-; — to  the  mechanic  on  tramp, 
obtaining  his  bed  and  supper  from  the  trade 
societies  in  the  different  towns,  on  his  way  to 
ork.  Betv,  I  there 

are    several    mediate    varieties  —  c< 
pedlars,  showmen,    harvest-men,    and   all    that 
large  class  who  live  by  either  selling,  si:' 
or    doing     something     through     t! 

re,  so  to  speak,  the  rural  nomad- 
confining  their  wanderings  to  any  one  parti- 
cular locality,  but  ranging  often  from  one  end 
of  the  land  to  the  other.  Besides  these,  there 
are  the  urban  and  suburban  wanderers,  or 
those  who  follow  some  itinerant  occupation  in 
and  round  about  the  large  towns.  Such  are, 
in  the  metropolis  more  particularly,  the  pick- 
pockets—  the  beggars  —  the  prostitutes  —  the 
street-sellers — the  street-performers — the  cab- 
men— the  coachmen — the  watermen — the  sailors 
and  such  like.  In  each  of  these  classes — . 
according  as  they  partake  more  or  less  of  the 
purely  vagabond,  doing  nothing  whatsoever  for 
their  living,  but  moving  from  place  to  place 
preying  upon  the  earnings  of  the  more  indus- 
trious portion  of  the  community,  so  will  the 
attributes  of  the  nomade  tribes  be  found  to  be 
more  or  less  marked  in  them.  Whether  it  be 
that  in  the  mere  act  of  wandering,  then 
greater  determination  of  blood  to  the  surface  of 
the  body,  and  consequently  a  less  quantity 
sent  to  the  brain,  the  muscles  being  thus 
nourished  at  the  expense  of  the  mind,  1  leave 
physiologists  to  say.  But  certainly  be  the  phy- 
sical cause  what  it  may,  we  must  all  allow  that 
in  each  of  the  classes  above-mentioned,  there  is 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  4X1)  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


a  greater  development  of  the  animal  than  of  the 
intellectual  or  moral  nature  of  man,  and  that 
they  are  all  more  or  less  distinguished  for  their 
high  cheek-bones  and  protruding  jaws — for 
their  use  of  a  slang  language — for  their  lax 
ideas  of  property — for  .  their  general  improvi- 
dence— their  repugnance  to  continuous  labour 
— their  of  female  honour — their  love 

of  cruelty — their  pugnacity — and  their  utter 
want  of  religion. 

OF  THE  LONDON  STREET-FOLK. 

i  their  living  in  the  streets  of 

the  metropo'.  and  varied  class  ; 

s   resorted   to   in   order    "to 

pick  up  a  crust,"  as  the  people  call  it,  in  the 

public  thoroughfares  (and  such  in  many  instances 

;lly  is,)  are  so  multifarious  that  the  mind 

is  long  baffled  in  its  attempts  to  reduce  them  to 

tific  order  u:  !on. 

It  would  appear,  however,   that  the  street- 
may  be  all  arranged  under 
genera  or  k 

ally: 

I.ERS. 

II.    STREET-BI :\ 

III.  STREET-FINDERS. 

IV.  STREET-PERFORMLUS,  AUTISTS,  AND 

SHOD 

V.  S :  I,      or     WORKING 

PEDLARS;  and 

BT-LABOUI 
first  of  these   di 

•.— 

•'dry," 
:i— and  poi. 

,  fruit  (both 

"green"  and  "dry"),  flowers,  trees,  shrubs, 
seeds,  and  roots,  ;  stuil""  (as  water- 

lid  turf). 

. 
. 

,-enny  pies,  plum 

cakes,   muffins  a:.  .    buns, 

<  off  •-,    ip.'-MT-becr,  lemonade. !,«.:  urine,  ne*  mil'; 

. 
•vater. 


--wax,  pens,  pencil*,  • 


which  class  comprises  a  large  number  of  indi- 
viduals, as,  (a)  the  vendors  of  chemical  articles 
of  manufacture — viz.,  blacking,  lucifers,  corn- 
salves,  grease-removing  compositions,  plating- 
balls,  poison  for  rats,  crackers,  detonating-balls, 
and  cigar-lights,  (b)  The  vendors  of  metd 
articles  of  manufacture — razors  and  pen-knives, 
tea-trays,  dog-collars,  and  key-rings,  hardware, 
bird-cages,  small  coins,  medals,  jewellery,  tin- 
ware, tools,  card- counters,  red-herring-toasters, 
trivets,  gridirons,  and  Dutch  ovens,  (c)  The 
vendors  of  china  and  stone  articles  of  manufac- 
ture— as  cups  and  saucers,  jugs,  vases,  chimney 
ornaments,  and  stone  fruit,  (d)  The  vendors  of 
linen,  cotton,  and  silken  articles  of  manufacture 
— as  sheeting,  table-covers,  cotton,  tapes  and 
thread,  boot  and  stay-laces,  haberdashery,  pre- 
tended smuggled  goods,  shirt-buttons,  etc.,  etc. : 
and  (e )  the  vendors  of  miscellaneous  articles  of 
manufacture — as  cigars,  pipes,  and  snuff-boxes, 
spectacles,  combs,  "lots,"  rhubarb,  si 
wash-leather,  paper-hangings,  dolls,  Bristol  toys, 
sawdust,  and  pin-cushions. 

6.  The  Street-sellers  of  Second-hand  Jrl'tclcs, 
of  whom  there  are  again  four  separate  iv 

as  (a)  those  who  sell  old  metal  articles — viz. 
old  knives  and  forks,  keys,  tin- ware,  tools,  and 
marine  stores  generally;  (b)  those  who  sell  old 
linen  articles — as  old  sheeting  for  towels  :  (c) 
those  who  sell  old  glass  and  crockery — including 
bottles,  old  pans  and  pitchers,  old  looking 

:    and  (d)  those  who  sell  old  i. 
Janeous  articles — as  old  shoes,  old  clothes,  old 

7.  T  Live  Aii'mittls — including 
the  dealers  in  dogs,  squirrels,  birds,  gold  and 
silver  fish,  and  tortoises. 

8.  The  Strcnt-sc-i  '  al  Prtitliicti 
Curioxitit'ii — as  red  and  white  sand,  M!V<  . 
coals,  coke,  salt,  spar  ornaments,  and  shells. 

These,  s^far  ;>s  my  experk 
the  whole  cla  -sellers,  am! 

to  constitute  nearly  threc-foi;: 
number  of  individuals  obtaining  a  sul 
•  us  of  London. 

which  denominatin: 

i  the  public  thoroughfa:  < 

. 

I- 


CONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


toccini.  and  {.lie  Chinese  shades,  (ft)  The  street- 
perfon  '  I  of  strength  and  dexterity— 

as  "acrobats"  or   posturcrs,   "equilibrists"   or 
balancers,  stiff  and  bending  tumblers,  jugglers, 
conjurors,  sword- swaflowers,  "salu;: 
fire-ea:  '  Mien,   etc.      (c)    The   street- 

performers  with  trained  animals  —  as  dancing 
dogs,  performing  monkeys,  trained  birds  and 
mice,  cats  and  bar 

and  tame  c.'':r.e!s.  (d)  The  street-actors  —  as 
clowns,  "Billy  Barlows,"  "Jim  Crows,"  and 
others. 

2.  The   Street   Showmen,   including   shows   of 
(a)    extraordinary  persons — as    giants,    dwarfs, 
Albinoes,    spotted   boys,   and   pig-faced  ladies. 
(i)  Extraordinary  animals— as  alligators,  calves, 
horses  and  pigs  with  six  legs  or  two  heads,  in- 
dustrious fleas,  and  happy  families,     (c)  Philo- 
sophic instruments — as  the  microscope,  telescope, 
thaumascopc.       (<7)    Measuring-machines  —  as 
weigh! :  ;  measuring,  and  striking  ma- 
chines ;   and  (c)  miscellaneous  shows — such  as 
peep-shows,    glass    ships,   mechanical    figures, 
wax-work  shows,  pugilistic  shows,  and  fortune- 
telling 

3.  The  Street- Artiiti — as  black  profile-cutters, 
blind  paper-cutters,  "  screevers"  ot 

men  in  coloured  chalks  on  the  pavement, 
without  hands,  and  readers  without  eyes. 

4.  Tin"  S> 

sailors,  slack  and  tight  rope  dancers,  dancers  on 
stilts,  and  comic  dancers. 

Z.  The  Strr-'t  Musicians — as  the  street  bands 
(English  and  German),  players  of  the  guitar, 
harp,  bagpipes,  hurdy-gurdy,  dulcimer,  musical 
bells,  cornet,  tom-tom,  &c. 

6.  The  Street  Singers,  as  the  singers  of  glees, 
ballads,  comic  songs,  nigger  melodies,  psalms, 
serenaders,  reciters,  and  improvisator!. 

7.  The  Proprietors  of  Street  Games,  as  swings, 
highflyers,    roundabouts,     puff-and-darts,    rifle 
shooting,  down  the  dolly,  spin- 'em-rounds,  prick 
the  garter,  thimble- rig,  etc. 

Then  comes  the  Fifth  Division  of  the  Street- 
Folk,  viz.,  the  STREET- ARTIZANS,  or  WORKING 
PEDLARS ; 

These  may  be  severally  arranged  into  three 
distinct  groups — (1)  Those  who  make  tilings  in 
the  streets ;  (2)  Those  who  mend  things  in  the 
streets  ;  and  (3)  Those  who  make  things  at  home 
and  sell  them  in  the  streets. 

1.  Of  those,  who  make  things  in  the  streets  there 
are     the     following    varieties :     (a)    the   metal 
workers— such    as    toasting-fork    makers,    pin 
makers,     engravers,    tobacco -stopper     makers. 
(6)  The  textile- workers— stocking-weavers,  cab- 
bage-net makers,  night- cap  knitters,  doll- dress 
knitters,     (c)  The  miscellaneous  workers, — the 
•wooden  spoon  makers,  the  leather  brace  and  garter 
makers,  the  printers,  and  the  glass-blowers. 

2.  Those  who  mend  things  in  the  streets,  consist 
of  broken  china  and  glass  menders,  clock  menders, 
umbrella  menders,  kettle  menders,  chair  mendeis, 

•  removers,  hat  cleaners,  razor  and  knife 
grinders,  glaziers,  travelling  bell  hangers,  and 
knife  cleaners. 


3.  Those  u'ho  make  things  at  home  curl  .v.  '!  /Item 

.   arc  (ci)  the  wood  workers- 
makers  of  el  i  .  clothes-pr;> 
needle-cases,    foot- stools   and    clothes-! 
chairs    and    tables. 
drawers,  work-bo.\ 

tubs.       (I)     The    trunk,    hat.    and    bonnet-box 
makers,  and  the  cant-  and  rush  basket  i: 
[<?)  The  toy  makers— such   as  Chinese  r 

;i's   windmills,    il 

feathered  cocks,  black  velvet  ,;eeps, 

paper  houses,  cardboard  little  copper 

•:d  kettles,  tiny  tin  lireplaces,  children's 
B,  Dutch  dolls,  In.  ,  and  gutta- 

percha  heads,  (d)  The  apparel  makers — viz., 
the  makers  of  women'.  men's 

cloth  caps,  IK  .Jren's 

-;,     silk 

re.  («)  The  metal  workers, — 
as  the  makers  of  lire-guards,  bird-cages,  the 
wire  workers.  (/)  The  misc.  vorkers 

— or  makers  of  ornaments  for  stoves,  chimney 
ornaments,  artificial  flowers  in  ]  .1  nose- 

gays, plaster -of -Paris  night-shade*,  brooms, 
brushes,  mats,  rugs,  hearthstones,  firewood,  rush 
matting,  and  hassocks. 

Of  the  last  division,  or  STREET-  \. 
there  are  four  classes : 

1.   The  Cleansers — such  as  scavengers,  night- 
men,     B  .     chimney-sweep-, 
crossing-sweepers,  "  street-or.  .mrcrs 

-machines  and  to  watering-carts. 
"2.    T  <t»d   n'ali-nr.i—> 

cocks  and  the  lampliglr 

3.  The     Street-Advertisers  —  viz.,     the     bill- 
slickers,  bill- deliverers,  boardmen,  men  to  adver- 
tising vans, and  wall  and  pavement  stencillers. 

4.  The  Street-Servants — as  horse  holders,  link- 
men,  coach-hirers,  street-port 


OF  THE  NUMBER  OF  COST;  AND 

OTHER  STREET-FOLK. 

THE  number  of  costermongers,  —  that  it  is  to 
say,  of  those  street-sellers  attending  the  London 
"green"  and  "fish  markets," — appears  to  be, 
from  the  best  data  at  my  command,  now  30,000 
men,  women,  and  children.  The  census  of  Ihil 
gives  only  2,045  "  hawkers,  hucksters,  and  ped- 
lars," in  the  metropolis,  and  no  costermongers 
or  street-sellers,  or  street-performers  at  all.  This 
number  is  absurdly  small,  and  its  absurdity  is 
accounted  for  by  the  fact  that  not  one  in  twenty 
of  the  costermongers,  or  of  the  peopk 
they  lodged,  troubled  themselves  to  nil  up  the 
census  returns — the  majority  of  them  being  un- 
able to  read  and  write,  and  others  i! 
the  purpose  for  which  the  returns  v.vre  wanted. 

The    costermongering    class    extends    itself 
yearly ;  and  it  is  computed  that  for  the  last  five 
years  it  has  increased  considerably 
the  general  metropolitan  population.     T: 
crease  is  derived  partly  from  all  the  children  ot 
costermongers  following  the  father's  trac! 
chiefly  from  working  m<  ;  . 
of  greengrocers  or  of  innket  out  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


employ,  "taking  to  a  coster's  barrow"  fora  live- 
lihood; and  the  same  being  done  by  mechanics 
and  labourers  out  of  work.  At  the  time  of 
the  famine  in  Ireland,  it  is  calculated,  that  the 
number  of  Irish  obtai-  ;  in  the  Lon- 

don st:  t  doubled. 

The  .veen   the   govcrn- 

:s    and   the  accounts  of  the 

:e  number  of 

sale  of  fish, 

>  of  London, 

;.:i  inquiry  at  the  several 

'.-.ets  concerning  the  number  of 

street--  .;ding  them  :  the   following  is 

suit: 

During  the  summer  months  and  fruit  season, 

the  average  number  of  costermongers  attending 

Coven  t- garden  market  is  about  2,500  per  market- 

a  there  are  nearly 

double  as  many,  there  being,  at  that  time,  a  large 
.ho  come  to  buy;  during  that 
lay  morning,  from  the  com- 
ment to  the  close  of  the  market,  as  many 
as  4,000  costers  have   been  reckoned  purchas- 
ing  a:  irden.     Through    the    winter 
season,  however,  the  number  of  costermongers 
does  11  upon  the  average  1,000  per 
About  one-tenth  of  the  fruit 
the  least  expensive  kind  sold 
at  thi>  purchased    by    the    costers. 
Some  of  the  better  class  of  costers,  who  have 
their  r*                    'omers,  are  very  particular  as 

•y   of  the    articles    tin 
are  not  so  part' 
can  get  things  cl 

i  all  3 

inform  ne  that  the  cost 

nch   as 

when  t  <-ount  of  the 

weath<  >)  wait  an 

occasions,    : 

words  of  oil  ..f-y  arc  such 

• 
norc    than 

- 

ick,  and  d 

• 
• 

•  :    •       1 ,    .  .  •   .  .  •  '!  'I'-  •- 


ak  out  for  damaged  a: 


the   produce   of  this   market   is  purchased  by 
them. 

The  number  of  costermongers  attending  the 
Borough-market  is  about  250  during  the  fruit 
which  time  they  decrease  to  about 
200  per  market  morning.     About  one-sixth  of 
the    produce    that    comes    into    this    market    is 
purchased  by  the  costermongers.     One 
man  informed  me,  that  the  salesmen  might  shut 
up  their  shops  were  it  not  for  these 
fact,"  said  another,  "  I  don't  know  what  would 
become  of  the  fruit  without  them." 

The    costers    at    Billingsgate-market, 
number  from  3,000  to  4,000  in  winter,  and  about 
2,500  in  summer.     A  leading  salesman  told  me 
that  he  would  rather  have  an  order  from  a  < 
monger  than  a  fishmonger;  for  the  one  paii! 
money,  while  the  other  required  credit.      The 
same  gentleman   assured   me,  that  the  coster- 
mongers    bought  excellent   fish,   and  that  very 
largely.     They  themselves  aver  that  they  pur- 
chase half  the  iish  brought   to   Billing- 
some  fish  trades  being  entirely  in  their 
I  ascertained,  however,  from  the  authorities  at 

.  and   from   experienced  sal. 
the   quantity  of   fish  corn- 

great    mart,    the     <  t    one- 

third;   another  third  was  tent  into  the  country; 

•d  of  to  the 
to    such    }\f  .    or    other 

The 

• 

•hem  ! "  c.\< 
"  O,  ce:  I  can  sec  t', 

.  ,'dding  the  above  iigur< 
the  subjoined  sum  for  th< 
cot- ; 

M  \K: 

Billingsgate-market  .     .     .     .     : 

len       ... 
Spitaltields 



.    ...11  . 

8,850 

1 

•  assumed  t 

half  profits,  .-tnd  v, : 

<!"•)    ttMBDOU  '••:••     to    li  •     I'J.'IOM.   .,;i(i  ll,;,t 

proportion);  and  then  wj  h;- 


LONDON  LABOUR  ./.V/>  THE  LOS  DON  POOR. 


sum  total  of  men,  women,  and  children  dependent 
on  "  costennongering  "  for  their  subsistence. 

Large  as  this  number  may  seem,  still  I  am 
satisfied  it  is  rather  within  than  beyond  the 
(ruth.  In  order  to  convince  myself  of  it 
racy,  I  caused  it  to  be  checked"  in  several  ways. 
In  the  first  place,  a  survey  was  made  as  to  the 
number  of  stalls  in  the  streets  of  London — forty- 
six  miles  of  the  principal  thoroughfare 
travelled  over,  and  an  account  taken  of  the 
"  standings."  Thus  it  was  found  that  there  were 
upon  an  average  upwards  of  fourteen  stalls  to 
the  mile,  of  which  live-sixths  were  lish  and  fruit- 
•;t.alls.  Now,  according  to  the  Metropolitan 
Police  Returns,  there  are  2,000  miles  of  street 
throughout  London,  and  calculating  that  the 
stalls  through  the  whole  of  the  metropolis  run 
upon  an  average  only  four  to  the  mile,  we  shall 
thus  find  that  there 'arc  8,000  stalls  all 
in  London  ;  of  these  we  may  reckon  that  at  least 
(j,000  are  iisli  and  fruit-stalls.  1  am  informed, 
on  the  best  authority,  that  twice  as  many  costers 

'imds"  as  lri\v  standings;    li- 
to  the  conclusion  :  re  IS. 000  itinerant 

and  stationary  street-sellers  of  fish,  vegetables, 
and  fruit,  in  the  metropolis;    and  reckoning  the 
:'n>portion  of  wives  and  children  as  before, 
we  ha  .  -Mien,  and  children, 

obtaining    a    living    in    this    manner.      Further, 
"  to  make   assurance  doubly  sure,"  the 
markets     throughout     London  verally 

visited,  and  the  number  of  street-sellers  . 
taken  down  on   the  spot.     These  gave  • 
:'   ;;,S()1,  of  which  number  two-thir, 
dealers  in  lish,  fruit,  and  vegetables;  and  reckon- 
ing that  twice   as  many  co.sters   again  were  on 
their  rounds,  we  thus  make  the  total  number  of 
London  costermongers   to   be  11, '103,  or  calcu- 
lating  men,  women,  and  children,  28,506.     It 
would  appear,  therefore,  that  if  we  estimate  the 
gross  number  of  individuals  subsisting  on  the 
sale  of  fish,  fruit,  and  vegetables,  in  the  streets 
of  London,  at  between  thirty  and  forty  thousand, 
we  shall  not  be  very  wide  of  the  truth. 

But,  great  as  is  this  number,  still  the  coster- 
mongers  are  only  a  portion  of  the  street-folk. 
Jiesides  these,  there  are,  as  we  have  seen,  many 
other  large  classes  obtaining  their  livelihood  in 
the  streets.  The  street  musicians,  for  instance, 
are  said  to  number  1,000,  and  the  old  clothes- 
men  the  same.  There  are  supposed  to  be  at 
the  least  500  sellers  of  water- cresses ;  200  cof- 
fee-stalls ;  oOO  cats-meat  men ;  250  ballad- 
's;  200  play-bill  sellers;  from  800  to 
1,000  bone-grubbers  and  mud-larks;  1,000 
crossing- sweepers ;  another  thousand  chimney- 
sweeps, and  the  same  number  of  turncocks 
and  lamp-lighters  ;  all  of  whom,  together  with 
the  street- performers  and  showmen,  tinkers, 
umbrella,  and  clock-menders,  sellers 
of  bonnet-boxes,  toys,  stationery,  songs,  last 
:ubs,  pails,  mats,  crockery, 
blacking,  lucifers,  corn-salves,  clothes- 
brooms,  sweetmeats,  razors,  dog-collars,  dogs, 
birds.  :, — scavengers,  dustmen,  and 

others,  .  it  may  be   fairly  assumed, 


full  thirty  thousand  adults,   so  that,   red 
men,   women,   and  children,  we  may  tru 
that  there  are  xipwards  of  fifty  thousand  "indi- 
viduals,  or  about  a   fortieth-part  of  the  entire 
population  of  the  metropolis  getting  their  living 
in  the  .<• 

Nov.-  of  all  modes  of  obtaining  subsistence, 
that  of  street- selling  is  the  most  precarious. 
Continued  wet  weather  deprives  those  who 
depend  for  their  bread  upon  the  number  of 
people  frequenting  the  public  thorough!, 
all  means  of  living  ;  and  it  is  painful  to  think 
of  the  hundreds  belonging  to  this  class  in  the 
the  metropolis  who  are  reduced  to  starvation  by 
three  or  four  days  successive  rain.  Moreover, 
in  the  winter,  the  street-sellers  of  fruit  and 
re  cut  off  from  the  ordinary 

.ing  their  livelihood,   and,    consequently, 
tiny  have  to  suffer  the   greatest  privations  at  a 
time  when   the  severity  of  the  season  demands 
the  greatest  amount  of  physical   eo-.ntoits.     To 
expect  that  the  increased  earnings  of  th 
nier  should  be  put  aside  as  a  provision 
the  deficiencies  of  the  winter,  is  to  expi- 

;rious  occupation  should  beget  provident, 
habits,  which  is  against  the  nature  of  ' 
for  it  is  always  in  those  callings  which  are  the 
most  uncertain,  that  the  greatest  amount  of  im- 
providence and  intemperance  are  found  to  exist. 
It  is  not  the  well-fed  man,  be  it  observed,  but 

;  ving  one  that  is  in  danger  of  sur 
himself. 

Moreover,    when    the    religious,    moral,    and 
tual  degradation  of  the  great  majority  of 
these  fifty  thousand  people   i .  \  upon 

us,  it  becomes  positively  appalling  to  con- 
template the  vast  amount  of  vice,  ignorance 
and  want,  existing  in  these  days  in  th- 
heart  of  our  land.  The  public  have  but  to 
read  the  following  plain  unvarnished  account  of 
the  habits,  amusements,  dealings,  education, 
politics,  and  religion  of  the  London 
mongers  in  the  nineteenth  century,  and  then 
to  say  whether  they  think  it  safe — even  if  it  be 
thought  fit — to  allow  men,  women,  and  cliil- 
dren  to  continue  in  such  a  state. 

OF     THE    VARIETIES     OF     STREET-FOLK    IN 
.   AND   COSTERMONGL;. 

TICULAR. 

AMONG    the    street-folk   there    are  man 
tinct  characters  of  people— people   differing  as 
widely  from    each   in    taste.,    habits,  thoughts 
and   creed,  as   one   nation   from  another.     Of 
these  the  costermongers  form  by  far  the  i. 
and  certainly  the  mostly  broadly  marked 
They  appear   to   be  a  distinct  race — perhaps, 
originally,    of    Irish    extraction — seldom 
dating  with  any  other  of  the  street- foil 
being   all   known    to    each   other.     The  " 
terers,"  or   the  men  who  cry  the  last  d; 
speeches,  &c.  in  the  street,  and  those  wh 
off  their  wares  by  long  harrangues  in  the  public 
thoroughfares,  are  again  a  separate  cl 
to  use   their  own  term,  are  "  the  a:\ 
the   street-sellers,"    despising    the 

W 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


•ice,  and  boasting  that  they  live  by 

utcllect.     The  public,   they  say,  do  not 

to    receive   from    them   an   equivalent 

mey — they    pay    to    hear     them 

Compared     with      the     costerm- 

the  p;r  ..ily  an  educated    class, 

and  among  them   are    some   classical    scholars, 

Mins  of  gentlemen. 

tppear  to  be  the  counterparts  of  the  old 
mountebanks   or    street-doctors.       As    a    body 
improvable  than  the  costers, 
more  "  knowing"  and  less  impulsive.  The 
;»erformers  differ  again  from  those  : 
appear  to  p^  <>f  the  characteristics  of 

the  lev.-  .  viz.,  a  strong  desire  to 

ration,  an    indisposition  to   pursue 
iocupation,   a  love  of  the  tap-room, 
more  for  the  society  and  display   than 
1  with  it,  a  great  fond- 
.1  predilection  for  the  perform- 
ance of  dexterous  or   dangerous  feats.       Then 
there  are  the  street  mechanics,  or  artizans — 
•nelancholy,  struggling  men,  who,  unable 
ir  employment  at  their  own 
trade,  have  made  up  a  few  things,  and  taken  to 
•'.iem  in  th  s  the  last  shift  of 

independence.  Another  distinct  class  of  street- 
folk  are  the  blind  people  (mostly  musicians  in  a 
rude  way),  who,  after  the  loss  of  their  eyesight, 
have  sought  to  keep  themselves  from  the  work- 
house by  some  little  excuse  for  alms-s 

:V  experience  goes,  appear  to 
be  a  far  more  de-  :i  is  usually 

suppo^  >  i,  in  most 

to  ha\> 

^ious  cast  to  their  thou 

t-folk, 

;  —looked  at  in  a  national 

•.vise  include  many  dis- 

ire  to  be  found  the 

i  ;    the 

i    organ  bo. 

rman    bras  :>ny-a- 

brootn    girl 

.icrs — all  of  wliom 
I  here  shall  treat  of  in  due  o. 
The  coster  class  or  or.: 

in  the 

the  calling  v. 

IM.    been    --.»    1  >r   many   geinT.Viions  ;    wiiiii-    the 

I      , 
. 


part;  the  shortest  are  through  streets  thickly  peo- 
pled by  the  poor,  where  duly  to  "work"  a  single 
street  consumes,  in  some  instances,  an  hour. 
There  are  also  "  chance"  rounds.  Men  "  work- 
ing" these  carry  their  wares  to  any  part  in  which 
they  hope  to  find  customers.  The  coster  nu> 
moreover,  diversify  their  labours  by  occasionally 
going  on  a  country  round,  travelling  on  these 
excursions,  in  all  directions,  from  thirty  to  ninety 
and  even  a  hundred  miles  from  the  metropolis. 
Some,  again,  confine  their  callings  chiefly  to  the 
neighbouring  races  and  fairs. 

Of  all  the  characteristics  attending  these  di 
versities  of  traders,  I  shall  treat  severally. 
I  may  here  premise,  that  the  regular  or 
"  thorough-  bred  costermongers,"  repudiate  the 
numerous  persons  who  sell  only  nuts  or  oranges 
in  the  streets,  whether  at  a  fixed  stall,  or  any 
given  locality,  or  who  hawk  them  through  the 
thoroughfares  or  parks.  They  repudia; 
a  number  of  Jews,  who  confine  their  street- 
trading  to  the  sale  of  "  coker-nuts"  on  Sundays. 
v-.-nded  from  'large  barrows.  Nor  do  they  rank 
v>  ith  themselves  the  individuals  who  sell  tea  and 
coffee  in  the  streets,  or  such  condiments  as 
peas-soup,  sweetmeats,  spice-cakes,  and  the 
like;  those  articles  not  being  purchased  at  the 
markets.  I  often  heard  all  such  el 
"the  illegitimates." 


.brace  asul 


OF  CosTERMONcr.KiNu  MECHANICS. 
"  FROM  the  numbers  of  mechanics,"  said  one- 
smart  costermonger  to  me,    "  that  I   k;. 
in  my  own  district,    I    should  say  there's  now 
more  than   1,000  costers  in  London  that  were 
once  mechanics  or  labourers.     They  arc  driven 
to   it   as  a  last   resource,  when  they  can't  <jfi  ; 
work  at  their  trade.     They  don't  do  well. 
four  out  of  five,   or  three  out   of  four  don't. 
They're  not  up  to  the  dodges  of  the  !>' 
They  go  to  market  with  tear,  and  don't  know 
how  to  venture  a  bargain  it'  one.  oilers,      'i 
inferior    salesmen    too,    and    if   they    h.v. 

•t  won't  keep,  it's  a  dead  1 
for    they  aren't  up    to   the   trick    < 

where  the  coster  ain't  known  ; 

;>enny.      T 

m.      Wo  say,   '  IW  fell 
iiml  it  out  hv  ' 

i-k  up  a   1: 

r,  it's  full/ 

r.RH. 

.08      U«, 

.  • 
old  as   the  days 


Itl 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


back.     Among  Lydgate's  cries  are  cnu- 

^trawberries    ripe    and    cherries    in 

e  ;"   the  rise  being  a  twig  to  which  the 

cherries    were    tied,  as   at   present.      Lydgate, 

however,  only  indicates  costcrmongers,  but  does 

not  mention  them  by  name. 

It  is  not  my  intention,  as  my  inquiries  are 
directed  to  the  present  condition  of  the  coster- 
ir; outers,  to  dwell  on  this  part  of  the  question, 
but  some  historical  notice  of  so  numerous  a  body 
is  indispensable.  I  shall  confine  myself  there- 
fore to  show  from  the  elder  dramatists,  how 
the  costcrmongers  flourished  in  the  days  of 
Elizabeth  and  James  I. 

"  Virtue,"  says  Shakespeare,  "  is  of  so  little 
regard  in  these  coster-  tes,  that  true 

is    turned    bear-herd."       Costermonger 
times    are    as   old    as    any    trading    times    of 
which  our  history  tells ;  indeed,  the  stationary 
costermonger  of  our  own  day  is  a  legitimate 
iant  of  the  tradesmen  of  the  olden  time, 
who  stood  by  their  shops  with  their  open  case- 
ments, loudly  inviting  buyers  by  praises  of  their 
and  by  direct  questions  of  "  What  d'ye 
.."hat  d'ye  lack?" 

Ben  Jonson  makes  his  Morose,  who  hated  all 
.;ul  sought  for  a  silent  wife,  enter  "  upon 
divers  treaties  with  the  iish-wives  and  <> 
women,"  to  moderate  their  clamour ;  but 
above  all  other  noisy  people,  "  cannot  endure  a 

he  swoons  if  he  hear  one." 
In  Ford's  "  Sim's  Darling"  I  find  the  fol- 
:     "  I'pon    my    life    he    means    to   turn 
; longer,  and  is  projecting  how  to  forestall 

I  shall  c-ry   pin; 

\\inmont  and  Fletcher's  "  Scornful  Lady" 
i 

"  I  '•  >  not  laugh  ;  you'll  an^er  him, 

And  then  he'll  rail  like  a  rude  costermouger." 

Dr.  Johnson,  gives  the  derivation  of  costard- 

-•  (the  orthography  he  uses),  as  < 
from  the  sale  of  apples  or  costards,  "  round 
and  bulky  like  the  head;"  and  he  cites  Burton 
•uthority:  "  Many  country  vicars,"  writes 
Burton,  "  are  driven  to  slu'fts,  and  if  our  great 
patrons  hold  us  to  such  conditions,  they  will 
make  us  costard-mongers,  graziers,  or  sell  ale." 

"  The  costard-monger,"  says  Mr.  Charles 
Knight,  in  his  "  London,"  "  was  originally  an 
apple-seller,  whence  his  name,  and,  from  the 
mention  of  him  in  the  old  dramatists,  he  appears 
to  have  been  frequently  an  Irishman." 

In  Ireland  the  word  "  costermonger"  is  almost 
unknown. 

OF  THE  OBSOLETE  CRIES  OF  THE 

COSTEUMONGERS. 

A  brief  account  of  the  cries  once  prevalent 
among  the  street-sellers  will  show  somewhat 
significantly  the  change  in  the  diet  or  regale- 
ments of  those  who  purchase  their  food  in  the 
street.  Some  of  the  articles  are  not  vended  in 
the  public  thoroughfares  now,  while  others  are 
still  sold,  but  in  different  forms. 

"Hot  sheep's  feet,"  for  instance,  were  cried 
in  the  streets  in  the  time  of  Henry  V. ;  they  are 


now  sold  cold,  at  the  doors  of  the  lower-priced 
theatres,  and  at  the  larger  public-houses.  Among 
the  street  cries,  the  following  were  common 
prior  to  the  wars  of  the  Ros^s :  "Ribs  of 
beef,"  —  "Hot  peascod,"  —  and  "l\:.;;!-r  and 
saffron."  These  certainly  indicate  a  dilll-rent 
street  diet  from  that  of  the  present  time. 

The  following  are  more  modern,  running  from 
Elizabeth's  days  down  to  our  own.     "  Pij 
and,  in  the  times  of  Charles  II.,   and   subse- 
quently,    oranges     were     sometimes     cried     as 
"  Orange  pips," — "  Fair  lemons  and  or. 
oranges  and  citrons," — "  New  AYall-fleet  oys- 
ters,"    ["fresh"    fish    was    formerly    cried    as 
"new,"] — "  New- river   water,"     [I    may   here 
mention  that  water-carriers  still  ply  their  trade 
in    parts   of    Hampstead,] — "  Ros 
lavender,"  —  "  Small    coals,"  [a   cry  r<  i 
almost  postical    by  the   character, 
pitiful  end,  through  a  practical  joke,  of  Tom 
Britton,    the    "  small-coal    man,"]  —  " 
pins,   pretty  women," — "  Lilly-whit 
— "Hot  wardens"  (pears) — "  Hot  codlir 
and  lastly   the   greasy-looking  beverage  which 
Charles  Lamb's  experience  of  LOP. 
morning  satisfied   him  was  of  all  prepr: 
the   most  grateful    to  the  stomach  of  the  then 
existing    climbing-boys  —  viz.,    "  Sa-loop."      I 
may  state,  for  the  information  of  my  younger 
.  that   saloop   (spelt   also  "  salep " 
•")    was    prepared,    as    a    powder,    from 
the  root  of  the  Orchis  mascula,  or  Red-: 
Orchis,  a  plant  which  grows  luxuriantly  in  our 
i  pastures,   llowering  in  the  spring, 
though   never  cultivated  to  any  extent  \ 
country  ;   that  required  for  the  purposes  of  com- 
merce was  imported  from  India.      The  saloop- 

;  nerseded  by  the  modern  coffee- 
There  were  many  other  cries,  now  oi> 
but  what  I  have  cited  were  the  most  com; 

OF    THE    COSTERMONGERS     "ECONOMICALLY' 
CONSIDERED. 

POLITICAL  economy  teaches  us  that,  IK 
the  two  great  classes  of  producers  and  con- 
sumers, stand  the  distributors  —  or  dealers — 
saving  time,  trouble,  and  inconvenience  to,  the 
one  in  disposing  of,  and  to  the  other  in  purchas- 
ing, their  commodities. 

But  the  distributor  was  not  always  a  p;i 
parcel  of  the  economical  arrangements  of  th* 
State.     In  olden  times,  the  producer  and  con- 
sumer were  brought  into  immediate  con: 
markets  and  fairs,  holden  at  certain  hit 
The  inconvenience  of  this  mode  of  opcr 
however,   was    soon   felt;    and   the   pedi 
wandering  distributor,  sprang  up  as  a  TK\ 
carrying   the   commodities   to   those  who  were 
unable    to    attend    the   public    markets   at   th? 
appointed  time.     Still  the  pedlar  or  wandering 
distributor  was  not  without  his  disadva: 
He  only  came  at  certain  periods,  and  coir 
ties  were  occasionally  required  in  the  ir 
Hence  the  shopkeeper,  or  stationary  distil 
was  called  into  existence,  so  that  the  co. 
might  obtain  any  commodity  of  the  producer  at 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


11 


:ne  he  pleased.     Hence  we   see  that  the 
pedlar  is  the  primitive  tradesman,  and  that  the 
one  is  contradistinguished  from  the  other  by  the 
fact,  that  the  pedlar  carries  the  goods  to  the  con- 
sumer, whereas,  in  the  case  of  the  shopkeeper, 
the  consumer  goes  after  the  goods.     In  country 
districts,   remote   from  towns  and  villages,  the 
pedlar  is  not  yet  wholly  superseded ;    "  but  a 
dealer  who  has  a  fixed  abode,  and  fixed  customers, 
.,uch  more  to  be  depended  on,"  says  Mr. 
Stewart  Mill,  "  that  consumers  prefer  resorting 
to  him   if  he   is   conveniently  accessible,    and 
rind  their  advantage  i:. 
in  every  locality  where  there 
.:  customers  near  at  hand  to  afford 
:tion."     Hence  the   pedlar  is 
ud  to  the  poorer  distrh 

is  conseque; .  '  >hed  from  the  stationary 

character  and  means  of  his 

as  by  the  amount  oi' 

if  his   dealings.      The   shopkeeper 

•icipally  the  noblemen    and  gentry 

s  and  luxuries  of  life,  but  the 

is  the  purveyor  in  general  to 

the  poor.   He  brings  the  greengrocery,  the  fruit, 

: -cresses,  the  shrimps,  the  pies 

•  sweetmeats,  the  pine-apples, 

•  linendrapery,  and  the  Jewel- 
ls,  to    the   very   door   of  the 

worki.  .    indeed,  the  poor  man's  food 

and  ci<  :.iainly  supplied  to  him  in  this 

.-.     Hence  the  class  of  travelling  trades- 
it,  not  only  as  forming  \ 

•iom  the  working  peopl: 

..s    and 

r.erant  tradesman  or  street-seller  is 

••d  from  the  regular  fixed 

from  the  shopkeeper — 

.n  from  the  wareAoMirman,  by 

the    a: 

ier  cries  his  goods  aloud 
".•ro.v ;  the  enterprising 
ills  at  the  door  of  his 
to  the  ear,  the  other  to 
i  drum 

adver- 
und. 

18   ON    A 

.v  NIGHT. 

| reatest 

^^^•n  at  on  a 

after 

more  ' 

of     stalls, 
;  one  or   two   light* ; 


illuminated  by  the  intense  white  light  of  the 
new  self-generating  gas-lamp,  or  else  it  is 
brightened  up  by  the  red  smoky  flame  of  the  old- 
fashioned  grease  lamp.  One  man  shows  off  his 
yellow  haddock  with  a  candle  stuck  in  a  bundle 
of  firewood ;  his  neighbour  makes  n  candlestick 
of  a  huge  turnip,  and  the  tallow  gutters  over  its 
sides ;  whilst  the  boy  shouting  "  Eight  a  penny, 
stunning  pears !"  has  rolled  his  dip  in  a  thick 
coat  of  brown  paper,  that  flares  away  with  the 
candle.  Some  stalls  are  crimson  with  the  fire 
shining  through  the  holes  beneath  the  baked 
chestnut  stove ;  others  have  handsome  octo- 
hedral  lamps,  while  a  few  have  a  candle  shining 
through  a  sieve:  these,  with  the  sparkling 
ground-glass  globes  of  the  tea-dealers'  shops, 
and  the  butchers'  gaslights  streaming  and  flut- 
tering in  the  wind,  like  flags  of  flame,  pour  forth 
such  a  flood  of  light,  that  at  a  distance  the  at- 
mosphere immediately  above  the  spot  is  as  lurid 
as  if  the  street  were  on  fire. 

The  pavement  and  the  road  are  crowded  with 
purchasers  and  street- sellers.  The  housewife 
in  her  thick  shawl,  with  the  market-basket  on 
her  arm,  walks  slowly  on,  stopping  now  to  look 
at  the  stall  of  caps,  and  now  to  cheapen  a  buncn 
of  greens.  Little  boys,  holding  three  or  four 
onions  in  their  hand,  creep  between  the  people, 
wriggling  their  way  through  every  interstice,  and 
asking  for  custom  in  whining  tones,  as  if  seeking 
charity.  Then  the  tumult  of  the  thousand  dif- 
ferent cries  of  the  eager  dealers,  all  shouting  at 
the  top  of  their  voices,  at  one  and  the  same 
time,  is  almost  bewildering.  "  So-old  again," 
roars  one.  "  Chestnuts  all  'ot,  a  penny  a  score," 
bawls  another.  "  An  'aypenny  a  skin,  bla< 
squeaks  a  hoy.  "  Buy,  buy,  buy,  buy,  buy — 
bu-u-uy !"  cries  the  butcher.  "  Half-quire  of 
paper  for  a  penny,"  bellows  the  street  stationer. 

.;ypenny  a  lot  ing-uns."     "  Two; 
pound    grapes."      "  Three  a   penny  Yarmouth 
bloaters."     "Who'll   buy   a   bonnet   for   four- 
pence?"     "Pick    'em    out    cheap   hero: 
pair  for  a  halfpenny,  bootlaces."    "  . 
time  !  beautiful  whelks,  a  penny  a  li 
ha'p'orths,"    shouts  the   perambulating  confec- 
tioner.     "Come    and    look 

toaster    '.  <     one      with     ;v      Yarmouth 

bloater  a  lot, 

calls  the   apple   woman:    . 

'.i    his    red- 
hanging  OVIT  his  back  and  cl;«     . 

;,d  the  girl  will:  her   b.-.vk-'l   of  • 
to  her  mo: 

::iina(ed    hi  :    with 

so   as    ( 

and     minis 

notes  o 


12 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


man  is  heard  with  his  "  fine  ating  apples ;"  or 
else  the  jingling  music  of  an  unseen  organ 
breaks  out,  as  the  trio  of  street  singers  rest 
between  the  verses. 

Then  the  sights,  as  you  elbow  your  way 
through  the  crowd,  are  equally  multifarious. 
Here  is  a  stall  glittering  with  new  tin  sauce- 
puns  ;  there  another,  bright  with  its  blue  and 
yellow  crockery,  and  sparkling  with  white 
glass.  Now  you  come  to  a  row  of  old  shoes 
arranged  along  the  pavement ;  now  to  a  stand 
of  gaudy  tea-trays ;  then  to  a  shop  with  red 
handkerchiefs  and  blue  checked  shirts,  flutter- 
ing backwards  and  forwards,  and  a  counter 
built  up  outside  on  the  kerb,  behind  which 
are  boys  beseeching  custom.  At  the  door  of 
a  tea-shop,  with  its  hundred  white  globes  of 
light,  stands  a  man  delivering  bills,  thanking 
the  public  for  past  favours,  and  "defying  com- 
'."  Here,  alongside  the  road,  are  some 
naif-dozen  headless  tailors'  dummies,  dressed  in 
:-lields  and  fustian  jackets,  each  labelled, 
"  Look  at  the  prices,"  or  "  Observe  the  quality." 
After  this  is  a  butcher's  shop,  crimson  and  white 
with  meat  piled  up  to  the  first-floor,  in  front 
of  which  the  butcher  himself,  in  his  blue  coat, 
walks  up  and  down,  sharpening  his  knife  on  the 
steel  that  hangs  to  his  waist.  A  little  further 
::ly,  begging;  the  father 

with  his  head  down  as  if  in  shame,  and  a  box 
of  lucifers  held  forth  in  his  hand — the  boys  in 
newly-washed  pinafores,  and  the  tidily  got-up 
mother  with  a  child  at  her  breast.  This  stall  is 
screen  and  white  with  bunches  of  turnips — that 
:h  apples,  the  next  yellow  with  onions, 
nml  another  purple  with  pickling  cabbages. 
One  minute  you  pass  a  man  with  an  umbrella 

.    inside    up     and     full     of    prints ;      the 
'in    hear  one  with  a  peepshow  of    Ma- 

.  ::nd  Paul  Jones  the  pirate,  describing 
the  pictures  to  the  boys  looking  in  at  the 
little  round  windows.  Then  is  heard  the 
sharp  snap  of  the  percussion-can  from  the  crowd 
of  lads  firing  at  the  target  for  nuts ;  and  the 
moment  afterwards,  you  see  either  a  black  man 
half-clad  in  white,  and  shivering  in  the  cold 
with  tracts  in  his  hand,  or  else  you  hear  the 
sounds  of  music  from  "  Frazier's  Circus,"  on 
the  other  side  of  the  road,  and  the  man  outside 
the  door  of  the  penny  concert,  beseeching  you  to 
i-  ile  in  time — be  in  time!"  as  Mr.  Somebody 
about  to  sing  his  favourite  song  of  the 
"  Knife  Grinder."  Such,  indeed,  is  the  riot, 
the  struggle,  and  the  scramble  for  a  living, 
rhat  the  confusion  and  uproar  of  the  New- 
cut  on  Saturday  night  have  a  bewildering  and 
saddening  ett'ect  upon  the  thoughtful  mind. 

Each  salesman  tries  liis  utmost  to  sell  his 
wares,  tempting  the  passers-by  with  his  bar- 
gains. The  boy  with  his  stock  of  herbs  offers 
"  a  double  'andful  of  fine  parsley  for  a  penny ;" 
the  man  with  the  donkey-cart  filled  with  turnips 
•Is  to  shout  for  him  to  their  utmost, 
with  tlK'ir  "Ho!  ho!  hi-i-i !  "What  do  you 

if  this  here  ?     A  penny  a  bunch — hurrah 
for  free  trade!     Here's  your  turnips!"     Until 


it  is  seen  and  heard,  we  have  no  sense  of  t lie- 
scramble  that  is  going  on  throughout  London 
for  a  living.  The  same  scene  takes  place  at  the 
Brill  — the  same  in  Leather-lane — the  same  in 
Tottenham-court-road — the  same  in  Whitecross- 
street ;  go  to  whatever  corner  of  the  metropolis 
you  please,  either  on  a  Saturday  night  or  a 
Sunday  morning,  and  there  is  the  same  shouting 
and  the  same  struggling  to  get  the  penny  profit 
out  of  the  poor  man's  Sunday's  dinner. 

Since  the  above  description  was  written,  the 
New  Cut  has  lost  much  of  its  noisy  and  brilliant 
glory.  In  consequence  of  a  New  Police  r 
tion,  "  stands"  or  "  pitches"  have  been  forbid- 
den, and  each  coster,  on  a  market  night,  is  now 
obliged,  under  pain  of  the  lock-up  house,  to 
carry  his  tray,  or  keep  moving  with  his  barrow. 
The  gay  stalls  have  been  replaced  by  deal  boards, 
some  sodden  with  wet  fish,  others  stained  purple 
with  blackberries,  or  brown  with  walnut-peel  ; 
and  the  bright  lamps  are  almost  totally  super- 
seded by  the  dim,  guttering  candle.  Even  il 
the  pole  under  the  tray  or  "shallow"  ' 
resting  on  the  ground,  the  policeman  on  duty  is 
obliged  to  interfere. 

The  mob  of  purchasers  has  diminished  one- 
half;  and  instead  of  the  road  being  filled  with 
customers  and  trucks,  t  :;t  and  kerb- 

stones are  scarcely  crowded. 

THE  SUNDAY  MOKNING  .MARK: 
NEARLY  every  poor  man's  market  does  i: 
day   trade'.      For  a   few   hours  on   the    S 
morning,  the  noise,  bu-'  ..inble  of  the 

Saturday  night  are  rep  hut  for  this 

opportunity  many  a   poor  family  would  pass  a 
dinnerless  Sunday.     Tin-  system  of  paying  the 
mechanic  late  on  the  Saturday  night — and  more 
particularly   of  paying  a  man   his  wages  in  a 
publ'c-house — when  he   is  tired  with  his 
work    lures   him  to  the   tavern,  and  there  the 
hours  fly  quickly  enough  beside  the  warm  tap- 
room fire,   so  that  by  the  time   the  wife 
for    her    husband's   wages,  she    finds    a   large 
portion  of  them  gone  in   drink,  and  the 
half  cleared,  so  that  the  Sunday  market  is  the 
only  chance  of  getting  the  Sunday's  dir,' 

Of  all  these  Sunday-morning  markets,  the 
Brill,  perhaps,  furnishes  the  busiest  scene ;  so 
that  it  may  be  taken  as  a  type  of  the  whole. 

The  streets  in  the  neighbourhood  are  quiet 
and  empty.     The  shops  are  closed  with  their 
different-coloured  shutters,  and  the  people  round 
about  are  dressed   in  the  shiney  cloth 
holiday  suit.     There  are  no  "  cabs,"  and  i 
omnibuses  to  disturb  the  rest,  and  i 
the  road  as  safely  as  on  the  footpath. 

As  you  enter  the  Brill  the  market  sou: 
scarcely  heard.     But  at  each  step  the  low  hum 
grows  gradually  into  the  noisy  shouting,  until 
at  last  the  different  cries  bec< 
the  hubbub,   din,  and  confusion  of  a  th< 
voices    bellowing   at    once   again   fill    the    air. 
The  road  and  footpath   are   crowds 
over-night ;    the   men  are  stan 
smoking  and  talking ;     whilst  the  ' 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


13 


•  fro,  some  with  the  white  round  turnips 
sho \ving  out  of  their  filled  aprons,  others  with 
cabbages  under  their  arms,  and  a  piece  of  red 
meat  dangling  from  their  hands.  Only  a  few  of 
the  shops  are  closed ,  hut  the  butcher's  and  the 
coal-shed  are  filled  with  customers,  and  from 
the  door  of  the  shut-up  baker's,  the  women  come 
streaming  forth  with  bags  of  flour  in  their  hands, 
while  men  sally  from  the  halfpenny  barl>?r's 
smoothing  their  clean-shaved  chins.  Walnuts, 
blacking,  apples,  onions,  braces,  combs,  turnips, 
herrings,  pens,  and  corn-plaster,  are  all  bellowed 
'  ut  at  the  same  time.  Labourers  and  mechanics, 
still  unshorn  and  undressed,  hang  about  with 
i heir  hands  in  their  pockets,  some  with  their 
pet  terriers  under  their  arms.  The  pavement  is 
green  with  the  refuse  leaves  of  vegetables,  and 
round  a  cabbage  -  barrow  the  women  stand 
turning  over  the  bunches,  as  the  man  shouts, 
""Where  you  like,  only  a  penny."  Boys  are 
running  home  with  the  breakfast  herring  held 
in  a  piece  of  paper,  and  the  side-pocket  of 
the  apple-man's  stuff  coat  hangs  down  with 
the  weight  of  the  halfpence  stored  within  it. 

tly  the  tolling  of  the  neighbouring  church 
bells  breaks  forth.  Then  the  bustle  doubles 

the  cries  grow  louder,  the  confusion 
greater.  "Women  run  about  and  push  their  way 

!i  the  throng,  scolding  the  saunterers,  for 
in  half  an  hour  the  market  will  close.  In  a 
little  time  the  butcher  puts  up  his  shutters,  and 

the  door  still  open  ;  the  policemen  in  their 
clean  gloves  come  round  and  drive  the  street- 
*ellers  before  them,  and  as  the  clock  strikes 
ileven  the  market  finishes,  and  the  Sunday's 

.rins. 

The  following  is  a  list  of  the  street-markets, 
and  the  number  of  costers  usually  attending  : — 

MARKETS  ON  THE  SURREY  SIDE. 


Walworth-road  .  .  .  . 

104 
22 
15 
45 
33 

THE 

300 
50 
333 

17? 
37 

III 

142 

Union-street,  Borough 
Great  Suffolk-street   . 
Blackfriars-road   .  .  . 

• 

MIDDLESEX  SIDE. 

29 
4(5 
58 

704 

IM 

47 
46 

150 

7!) 
49 
100 
100 

IM 

1(15 
114 

122 
119 

117 

-eet,   Borough 
MARK 

•  n   .  .) 
and) 

St.  Job.: 
Old-street  (St.  Luke's) 
Whitecross  -  street,  1 
Cripplegate  .  .  .  .  J 

,\ 

\Vestmin»tcrJ 
I>rury-lanc 

Bethnal-gri-.-n    .... 

.... 


-  Highway  .  . 

I 

Kx  mouth-street  and) 
Ayletbury- 

find,  from  : 

res  of  the 

^cx  side  of  the  Thames, 
total    number    of    hucksters    attending 


markets  is  3911,  giving  an  average  of  10">  u> 
eacli  market 

HABITS  AND  AMUSEMENTS  OF 

COSTERMONGERS. 

I  find  it  impossible  to  separate  these  two  head- 
ings ;  for  the  habits  of  the  costermonger  are  not 
domestic.  His  busy  life  is  past  in  the  markets 
or  the  streets,  and  as  his  leisure  is  devoted  to 
the  beer-shop,  the  dancing-room,  or  the  theatre, 
we  must  look  for  his  habits  to  his  demeanour  at 
those  places.  Home  has  few  attractions  to  a 
man  whose  life  is  a  street-life.  Even  those  who 
are  influenced  by  family  ties  and  afl'ections, 
prefer  to  "home" — indeed  that  word  is  rarely 
mentioned  among  them  —  the  conversation, 
warmth,  and  merriment  of  the  beer-shop,  where 
they  can  take  their  ease  among  their  "  mates." 
Excitement  or  amusement  are  indispensable  to 
uneducated  men.  Of  beer-shops  resorted  to 
by  costermongers,  and  principally  supported  by 
them,  it  is  computed  that  there  are  400  in 
London. 

Those  who  meet  first  in  the  beer-shop  talk 
over  the  state  of  trade  and  of  the  markets,  while 
the  later  comers  enter  at  once  into  what  may 
be  styled  the  serious  business  of  the  evening — 
amusement. 

Business  topics  arc  discussed  in  a  most 
peculiar  style.  One  man  takes  the  pipe  from 
his  mouth  and  says,  "  Bill  made  a  doogheno 
hit  this  morning."  "  Jem,"  says  another,  to 
a  man  just  entering,  "  you'll  stand  a  top  o' 
reeb  ? "  "On,"  answers  Jem,  "I've  had  a 
trosseno  tol,  and  have  been  doing  dab."  For 
an  explanation  of  what  may  be  obscure  in 
this  dialogue,  I  must  refer  my  readers  to  my 
remarks  concerning  the  language  of  the  clas>. 
If  any  strangers  are  present,  the  conversation 
is  still  further  clothed  in  slang,  so  as  to  be 
unintelligible  even  to  the  partially  initiated. 
The  evident  puzzlement  of  any  listener  is 
of  course  gratifying  to  the  costermongcv's 
vanity,  for  he  feels  that  he  possesses  a  know- 
ledge peculiarly  his  own. 

Among  the  in-door  amusements  of  the  coster- 
monger  is  card-playing,  at  which  many  of  them 
are  adepts.  The  usual  games  are  all-fours,  all- 
fives,  cribbagc,  and  put.  "Whist  is  known  to  a 
few,  but  is  never  played,  being  considered  dull 
and  slow.  Of  short  whist  they  have  not  heard  ; 
"  but,"  said  one,  whom  I  questioned  on  the 
subject,  "if  it's  come  into  fashion,  it'll  soon  be 
among  us."  The  play  is  usually  for  beer,  but 
the  game  is  rendered  exciting  'l>, 
among  the  players  and  the  looker-  on.  "  I'll  hack 
:•  n  yanepatine,"  "Jack  for  a 

gen,"  cries  another.    A  penny  is  the  lowest  sum 
laid,  and  live  shillings  generally  the  high'. 
a  shilling  is  not  oft. 

rhan  the  ar  11  take 

in  anybody  else."      Where   it   is  known  that  the 
landlord    will    not    supply    cards,    "  a    s;  . 
'  carries  a  pack  or  two  with  him. 
cards   played  with   have    r;-rly   been  stamped; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tin.-}-  arc  generally  dirty,  and  sometimes  almost 
illegible,  from  long  handling  and  spilled  beer. 
Some  men  will  sit  patiently  for  hours  at  these 
,  and  they  watch  the  dealing  round  of  the 
clingy  cards  intently,  and  without  the  attempt — 
common  among  politer  gamesters— to  appear 
indifferent,  though  they  hear  their  losses  well.  In 
a  full  room  of  card-players,  the  groups  are  all 
shrouded  in  tobacco-smoke,  and  from  them  are 
heard  constant  sounds — according  to  the  games 
they  are  engaged  in — of  "  I'm  low,  and  Ped's 
high."  "  Tip  and  me' s  game."  "  Fifteen  four 
.•ind  ;i  ilush  of  live."  I  may  remark  it  is  curious 
that  costermongers,  who  can  neither  read  nor 
write,  and  who  have  no  knowledge  of  the  multi- 
plication table,  are  skilful  in  all  the  intricacies 
and  calculations  of  cribbage.  There  is  not  much 
quarrelling  over  the  cards,  unless  strangers  play 
with  them,  and  then  the  costermongers  all  take 
part  one  with  another,  fairly  or  unfairly. 

It  has  been  said  that  there  is  a  close  resem- 
blance between  many  of  the  characteristics  of 

.  socially,  and  a  very  lo\ 

Those  who  remember  the  disclosures  on  a  trial 

a  few  years  back,  as  to  how  men  of  rank  aad 

•d    their  leisure    in    card-playing  — 

many  of  their  liv,  juied  leisure 

ilds  when  the 
card- passion  of  ti. 

Three  half 

up,  and  when  they  fall  all  "  . 
or  ;J1   "tails,"   it  is  a  mark:   and  the  in 

;    number   of  marks   out  of  a 
-wins. 

•-up"  is  played  fairly  among  the  coster- 
;ently   resorted   to 
.rs  arc  piv  :;ke  a  pitch," 

—which  is,  in  plain  words,  to  cheat  any  Bt 
,:i  to  bet  upon  them.     " 
an  adept  to  me  ;  "  bless  you,  I 
.     If  I'm  playing 
with  Jo,  why,  of 
course,  I  make  Jo  win."     Tlus  adept  ill' 

::ig  up  three  halfpennies, 

and,  !i  ,.  they  fell  upon  the  floor, 

whether  he  threw  them  nearly  to  the  ceiling  or 
merely  to  his  shoulder,  all  heads  or  all  tails. 
The  halfpence  were  the  proper  current  coins — 
indeed,  they  were  my  own;  and  the  result  is 
peculiar  position  of  the  coins  on  the 
lingers,  and  a  peculiar  jerk  in  the  throwing. 
There  was  an  amusing  manifestation  of  the 
pride  of  art  in  the  way  in  which  my  obliging 
informant  displayed  his  skill. 

is   another   favourite   amusement, 
and  the  costermongers  class  themselves  among 
i  players  in  London.    The  game  is  always 
for  beer,  but  betting  goes  on. 

A    fondne  ,''    and    "boxing" 

.iino-.ig  the  rude  members  of  some  i 
of  the  working  men,  such  as  the  tanners.  With 
the  great  majority  of  the  costermongers  this 
fondness  is  still  as  dominant  as  it  was  among  the 
"  higher  classes;"  when  boxers  were  the  pets  of 
princes  and  nobles.  The  sparring  among  the 


costers  is  not  for  money,  but  for  beer  and  "  a 
lark" — a  convenient  word  covering  much  mis- 
chief. Two  out  of  every  ten  landlords,  whose 
houses  are  patronised  by  these  lovers  of  "  the 
art  of  self-defence,"  supply  gloves.  Some  charge 
'2d.  a  night  for  their  use;  others  only  Id.  The 
sparring  seldom  continues  long,  sometimes  not 
above  a  quarter  of  an  hour ;  for  the  costermongers, 
though  excited  for  a  while,  weary  of  sports  in 
which  they  cannot  personally  participate,  and  in 
the  beer-shops  only  two  spar  at  a  time,  though 
fifty  or  sixty  may  be  present.  The  shortness  of 
the  duration  of  this  pastime  may  hi- 
why  it  seldom  leads  to  quarrelling.  The  stake 
is  usually  a  "  top  of  reeb,"  and  the  winner  is  the 
man  who  gives  the  first  "  noser ;"  a  bloody  no  si; 
r  is  required  to  show  that  the  blow  was 
v  a  noser.  The  costermongers  boast  of 
their  skill  in  pugilism  as  well  as  at  skittles. 
"  AVe  are  all  handy  with  our  fists,"  said  oi:> 
"  and  are  matches,  aye,  and  more  than  matches, 
for  anybody  but  reg'lar  boxers.  We've  stuck  to 
the  ring,  too,  and  gone  reg'lar  to  the  lights,  more 
than  any  other  men." 

"Twopenny-hops"  are  much  re 
the  costermongers,  men  and  worn, 
girls.  At  these  dances  decorum  ;• 
but  not  often,  violated.  "Tl: 
told  by  one  man,  "doesn't  show  t; 
n  the  ladies  do  in  them  the; 

,  or  on   the 

Their    v  ,vns,   which 

gowns,  ain't  made  that  \ 

is    often  dance' i. 

is    made    ; 
formance  of  a  first-rate  profe 

. 

jigs" — hornj 

popular  by  the  success  of  the  acted  " 
pard" — polkas,    and   country- 
mentioned    being    generally    d 
women.      Waltzes  are  as  yet  i. 
Sometimes  they  do  the  "pipe-dam. . 
a  number  of  tobacco-pipes,  about  a  do/. 
laid  close  together  on  the  floor,  and  the 
places  the  toe  of  lu's  boot  between 
pipes,  keeping  time  with  the  music.     Two  of  the 
pipes  are  arranged  as  a  cross,  and  the  toe  has  to 
be  inserted  between  each  of  the  angles,  without 
breaking  them.     The  numbers  pre- 
"  hops"  vary  from  30  to  100  of  boti. 
ages   being   from  1-1  to  -1--3,   and  lh-.- 
being  slightly  predominant  as  to  the  proportion 
of  those  in  attendance.     At  ;!,• 
is  nothing  of  the  leisurely  style  of  dancing — half 
a  glide  and  half  a  skip — but  \  orious 

capering.  The  hours  are  from  half-past  eight  to 
twelve,  sometimes  to  one  or  two  in  the  m< 
and  never  later  than  two,  as  the  costermongers 
are  early  risers.  There  is  sometimes  a  good  deal 
of  drinking  ;  some  of  the  young  girls  being  often 
pressed  to  drink,  and  frequently  yielding  to  the 
temptation.  From  11.  to  71.  is  spent  in  drink  at 
a  hop  ;  the  youngest  men  or  lads  present  spend 
the  most,  especially  in  that  act  of  cobteri; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


politeness — "  treating  the  gals."  The  music  is 
a  fiddle,  sometimes  with  the  addition  of 
a  harp  and  a  cornopean.  The  band  is  provided 
by  the  costennongers,  to  whom  the  assembly  is 
confined  ;  but  during  the  present  and  the  last 
hen  the  costers'  earnings  have  been  less 
than  the  average,  the  landlord  has  provided  the 
harp,  whenever  that  instrument  has  added  to 
the  charms  of  the  fiddle.  Of  one  use  to  which 
these  "  hops"  are  put  I  have  given  an  account, 
under  the  head  of  ••  Mar: 

other  amusements  of  this  class  of  the 
theatre  and  the  penny  con- 
almost  entirely  confined 
I  ie  theatres  on  the  Surrey-side 

the  S  Victoria,  the  Bower  Saloon, 

and  (but  less  frequently)  Astley's.     Three  times 
•.endance  at  theatres  and 

dances  by  the  more  prosperous  costermongers. 

telligent  man   I   met  with   among 

c  the  following  account    He  classes 

.  but  his  tastes  are  really 

those  of  an  educated  man  : — "  Love  and  murder 

suits  us  best,  sir;   mit  within  these  few  years  I 

think  there '  il  more  liking  for  deep 

l  men  a  thinking  ; 

hem  too  long.   Of  Ham- 

:. either  end  nor  side  ;  and  nine 

ten  of  us — ay,  far  more  than  that — would 

like  it  to  be  confined  to  the  ghost  scenes,  and  the 

;  I,  and  the  killing  off  at  the  !:• 

:  f  it  was  only  the  witches 
.vords  in  a  ' 

can't  tumble 

to  that  ban  .    to   the  last, 

becau-  -t.  all,  or  very  few  costers 

two  or  three  acts. 
Nigger  music  in 

and  patriotic 

call   to 

ietly  to  songs 

•    •  .I.      V.  i 

•  as  of  the  patriotic 

•ipular 
ke  hold 
•ey  like 

m,'  <:r  '  I  ' 


•hall  be  "!.* 

mte. 

n  dot 


n  to 


His  donkey  was  taken  to  the  green-yard, 

.;e  which  he  never  deserved. 
Oh !  it  was  such  a  regular  mean  yard. 

That  alas!  the  poor  moke  got  sta.  . 
Oh  !  bad  luck  can't  be  prevented, 

Fortune  she  smiles  or  she  frowns, 
He's  best  otT  that's  contented, 

To  mix,  sirs,  the  ups  and  the  downs." 

Their  sports,  are  enjoyed  the  more,  if  they 
are  dangerous  and  require  both  courage  and 
dexterity  to  succeed  in  them.  They  prefer,  if 
crossing  a  bridge,  to  climb  over  the  parapet,  and 
walk  along  on  the  stone  coping.  When  a  house? 
is  building,  rows  of  coster  lads  will  climb  up 
the  long  ladders,  leaning  against  the  in. 
roof,  and  then  slide  down  again,  each  one  rest- 
ing on  the  other's  shoulders.  A  peep  show 
with  a  battle  scene  is  sure  of  its  coster  audience, 
and  a  favourite  pastime  is  fighting  with  cheap 
theatrical  swords.  They  are,  however,  true  to 
each  other ,  and  should  a  coster,  who  is  the  hero 
of  his  court,  fall  ill  and  go  to  a  hospital,  the 
whole  of  the  inhabitants  of  his  quarter  will  visit 
him  on  the  Sunday,  and  take  him  presents  of 
various  articles  so  that  "  he  may  live  well." 

Among    the  men,  rat-killing   is   a    favourite 
sport.     They  will  enter  an  old  stable,  fasten  the 
door  and  then  turn  out  the  rats.     Or  th 
find  out  some   unfrequented  yard, 
time  build  up  a  pit  with  apple-case  boa; 
lighting    up    their     lamps,    enjoy    the    sport. 

every   coster   is   fond   of  d 
fancy  them   greatly,  and  are  proud  of  making 
them   fight.       If  when   out    working,    \'. 
a  handsome    stray,  whether  he  is  a  "  toy  "  or 
"sport!  they  whip  him  up — many  of 

the  class  not  being  very  particular  whether  the 
animals  are  stray  or  not. 

Their  dog  fights  are  both  cruel  and  frequent. 
It  is  not  uncommon  to   see   a  lad  walking  wiih 
the  trembling  legs   of  a   dog   shivering  ; 
bloody  handkerchief,  that  covers  the  bit: 
•I  body  of  an  animal  that  ha- 

"match."     The:->' 
on  the  sly— the  tap-room  or  back-yard  of 

illy  chosen   lor   the   purpose. 

to  bet   upon    the  wimu : . 
fully  kept  from  th« 

1"    to    a    la 

of  thu 
.ook  upon  .. 
.    where     the 

out  the  hoarding   that    i  : 

bird  being  valued  . 
with  them  trained  to  ret: 

»ik   with  their  i-ui:>,  t 
that  esc.  ithin. 

• 


u; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


as  being  degrading  and  loathsome,  indeed  the 
man  who  would  avoid  a  fight,  is  scouted  by  the 
whole  of  the  court  he  lives  in.  Hence  it  is 
important  for  a  lad  and  even  a  girl  to  know 
how  to  "work  their  fists  well" — as  expert 
boxing  is  called  among  them.  If  a  coster  man 
or  woman  is  struck  they  are  obliged  to  fight. 
When  a  quarrel  takes  place  between  two  boys, 
a  ring  is  formed,  and  the  men  urge  them  on  to 
have  it  out,  for  they  hold  that  it  is  a  wrong 
thing  to  stop  a  battle,  as  it  causes  bad  blood 
for  life  ;  whereas,  if  the  lads  fight  it  out  they 
shake  hands  and  forget  all  about  it.  Every- 
body practises  fighting,  and  the  man  who  has 
the  largest  and  hardest  muscle  is  spoken  of 
in  terms  of  the  highest  commendation.  It  is 
often  said  in  admiration  of  such  a  man  that 
"  he  could  muzzle  half  a  dozen  bobbies  before 
breakfast." 

To  serve  out  a  policeman  is  the  bravest  act 
by  which  a  costermonger  can  distinguish  him- 
self. Some  lads  have  been  imprisoned  upwards 
of  a  dozen  times  for  this  offence  ;  and  are  con- 
sequently looked  upon  by  their  companions 
as  martyrs.  When  they  leave  prison  for  such 
an  act,  a  subscription  is  often  got  up  for  their 
benefit.  In  their  continual  warfare  with  the 

nations,  from 

.lining  and  treachery  they  use.     The  lads 
•.  "iirto  take  the  i.  "crusher" 

by  s'trprisc,  and  <  at  the  entr 

a  co-irt  until  a  policem.  tone  or 

;;  brick  is  hurled  at  him,  and  tii  Imme- 

diately disappears.  Their  love  of  revenge  too, 
is  extreme  —  their  hatred  being  in  i: 
mitigated  by  time  ;  they  will  wait  for  months, 
following  a  policeman  who  has  offended  <>;• 
wronged  them,  anxiously  looking  out  for  an 
opportunity  of  paying  back  the  injury.  One 
boy,  I  was  told,  vowed  vengeance  against  a 
member  of  the  force,  and  for  six  month 
allowed  the  man  to  escape  his  notice.  At 
.  one  night,  lie  saw  the  policeman  in  a 
row  outMde  a  public-house,  and  running  into 
the  crowd  kicked  him  savagely,  shouting  at  the 

time:   "Now.   you  b ,  I've   got  you 

at  last."      "When  the  boy  heard  that  his   per- 
secutor was  injured  for  life,  his  joy  was   very 
and  he  declared  the  twelvemonth's  impri- 
-entenced  to  for  the  offence  to 
be  "  dirt  cheap."    The  whole  of  the  court  where 
the  lad  resided  sympathized  with  the  boy,  and 
vowed  to  a    man,  that    had    he    escaped,  they 
would  have  subscribed  a  pad  or  two  of  dry  her- 
.   to   send   him  into  the  country  until  the 
uiiiiir  had  blown  over,  for  he  had  shown  himself 
a  "  plucky  one." 

It  is  called  "plucky"  to  bear  pain  with- 
out complaining.  To  flinch  from  expected 
suffering  is  scorned,  and  he  who  does  so  is 
sneered  at  and  told  to  wear  a  gown,  as  being 
more  fit  to  be  a  woman.  To  show  a  disregard 
for  pain,  a  lad,  when  without  money,  will  say  to 
his  pal,  "  Give  us  a  penny,  and  you  may  have 
&  punch  at  my  nose."  They  also  delight  in 
tattooing  their  chests  and  arms  with  anchors, 


and  figures  of  different  kinds.  During  the 
whole  of  this  painful  operation,  the  boy  will  not 
flinch,  but  laugh  and  joke  with  his  admirin;; 
companions,  as  if  perfectly  at  ease. 

GAMBLING  OF  COSTEUMONCI.KS. 
IT  would  be  difficult  to  find  in  the  whole  of  this 
numerous  class,  a  youngster  who  is  not — what 
may  be  safely  called — a  desperate  gambler.  At 
the  age  of  fourteen  this  love  of  play  first  eomes 
upon  the  lad,  and  from  that  time  until  he  is  thirty 
or  so,  not  a  Sunday  passes  but  he  is  at  his 
stand  on  the  gambling  ground.  Even  if  he  has 
no  money  to  stake,  he  will  loll  away  the  morn- 
ing looking  on,  and  so  borrow  excitement  from 
the  successes  of  others.  Every  attempt  made 
by  the  police,  to  check  this  ruinous  system,  has 
been  unavailing,  and  has  rather  given  a  gloss 
of  daring  courage  to  the  sport,  that  tends  to 
render  it  doubly  attractive. 

If  a  costermonger  has  an  hour  to  spare,  hU 
first  thought  is  to  gamble  away  the  time.  He 
does  not  care  what  he  plays  for,  so  long  as  he 
can  have  a  chance  of  winning  something. 
"Whilst  waiting  for  a  market  to  open,  his  delight 
is  to  iind  out  some  pieman  and  toss  him  for  his 
stock,  though,  by  so  doing,  he  risks  his  market- 
money  and  only  chance  of  living,  to  win  that 
which  he  will  give  away  to  the  first  friend  he 
hole  week  the  boy  will  work 
untiringly,  spurred  on  by  the  thought  of  the 
money  to  be  won  on  the  Sunday.  Nothing 
will  damp  his  ardour  for  gambling,  the  most 
continued  ill-fortune  making  him  even  more 
reckless  than  if  he  were  the  luckiest  man  alive. 

Many  a  lad  who  had  gone  down  to  the  gam- 
bling ground,  with  a  good  warm  coat  upon  his 
back  and  his  pocket  well  filled  from  the  Satur- 
day   night's    market,    will    leave    it   at  e . 
penniless  and   coa'  :  lost  all  his  earn- 

:ock-money,   and  the   better  part  of  his 
clothing.     Some  of  the   boys,    wht : 
with  "  bad  luck,"  borrow  to  the  utmost  1 
their  credit;  then  they  mortgage  their  "  king's- 
man  "  or  neck-tie,  and  they   will  even   cl 
their  cord  trousers,  if  better  than  those  of  the 
winner,  so  as  to  have  one  more  chance  at  the 
turn  of  fortune.     The  coldest  winter's  day  will 
not  stop  the  Sunday's  gathering  on  the  river- 
side, for  the   heat  of  play  warms  them  in 
of  the  sharp  wind  blowing   down   the  Thames. 
If  the  weather  be  wet,  so   that  the  half-pence 
stick  to  the  ground,  they  find  out  some  railway- 
arch  or  else  a  beer-shop,  and  having  filled  the 
tap-room  with  their  numbers,   they   inutile  the 
table    with    handkerchiefs,    and    }:!..; 
When  the  game  is  very  exciting,  they  will  even 
forget  their  hunger,    and    continue    to    gamble 
until  it  is  too  dark  to  see,  before  they  think  of 
eating.     One  man  told  me,  that  when   1 
working  the  races  with  lemonade,  he  had  often 
seen  in  the  centre  of  a  group,  composed  of  cos- 
ters, thimble-riggers  and  showmen,  as  much  as 
100/.  on  the  ground  at  one  time,  in  gold  and 
silver.     A  friend  of  his,  who  had  gone  down  in 
company  with  him,  with  a  pony- truck  o: 


LOXDOX  LABOL'l!  AXD  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


17 


Til  TIXTTU, 

'Apple*!    An  '•ypcnny  a  lot. 

. 


No.  2. 


L0*l BOX  LADOCR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


19 


iost  in  less  than  an  hour  his  earnings,  truck, 

>f  goods,  .and  great-coat.    Vowing  to  have 

.  .age  next  time,  he  took  his  boy  on  his 

Liid  started  oft"  on  the  tramp  to  London, 

>  borrow  sufficient  money  to  bring  down 

:   lot  of  goods  on  the  morrow,  and  then 

gamble  away  his  earnings  as  before. 

perfectly  immaterial  to  the  coster  with 
rhom  he  plays,  whether  it  be  a  lad  from  the 
Lambeth  potteries,  or  a  thief  from  the 

•:  slums.     Very  often,  too,   the  gamblers 
of  one  costermonger  district,  will  visit  those  of 
another,  and  work  what  is  called  "  a  plant "  in 
One  of  the  visitors  will  go  before 
hand,  and,  joining  a  group  of  gamblers,  com- 
When    sufficient     time    has 
I  to  remove  all  suspicion  of  companion- 
ship, his  mate  will  come  up  and  commence  bet- 
ting on  each  of  his  pals'  throws  with  those  stand- 
ing round.     By  a  curious  quickness  of  hand,  a 
can  make  the  toss  tell  favourably  for  his 
ragering  friend,  who  meets  him  after  the  play 

r  in  the  evening,  and  shares  the  spoil. 
The  spots  generally  chosen  for  the  Sunday's 
sport  are  in  secret  places,  half-hidden  from  the 
eye  of  the  passers,  where  a  scout  can  give  quick 
notice  of  the  approach  of  the   police:     in   the 
fields  about  King's-cross,  or  near  any  unfinished 
railway  buildings.   The  Mint,  St  George's- fields, 
Blackfriars'-road,   Bethnal-green,  and  Maryle- 
bone,  are  all  favourite  resorts.     Between  Lam- 
beth and  Chelsea,  the  shingle  on  the  left  side  of 
the  Thames,  is  spotted  with  small  rings  of  lads, 
half-hidden  behind  the  barges.      One  boy  (of 
the  party)  is  always  on  the  look    out,   and  even 
should  advance,  the  cry  is  given  of 
p."     Instantly  the 

money   is   whipped-up   and    pocketed,   and  the 

ring  and   laughing    together. 

difficult  for   a  coster  to  find   out 

where  the  gambling  parties  are,  for  he  has  only 

to   stop    the   first   lad  he  meets,  and  ask   him 

the  "  erht  pu  "   or  "  three  up  "  is  going 

ir  whereabouts. 

If  during  the  game  a  cry  of  "  Police ! "  should 
be  given  by  tlu-  looker-out,  instantly  a  rush  at 
made  by  any  one  in  the  group,  the 
Cotters  preferring  that  a  str.  1   have 

than  the   j  There 

is  also  a  custom  among  them,  that  the  : 
player  shmiM  lit-  started    ajj;ai].    i'Y  a   L'ii: 
^^Hj7  shilling  lost,  or 

preset  neither 

.rablt-  for  the  party 
aning  to  leave  with  the  full  bloom  of  success 

esc  Sunday 
.is  paid 
'  close  to .   Although  not 

party  was  so  conccalc 

the  cnal-b.irtrcs,  that  not  ;i  li   id    '  <>'iltl    !>e 


lere  were  about  thirty  young 


tall  strapping  youths,  in  the  costers'  cable-cord 
costume, — others,  mere  boys,  in  rags,  from  the 
potteries,  with  their  clothes  stained  with  clay. 
The  party  was  hidden  from  the  river  by  the 
black  dredger-boats  on  the  beach ;  and  it  was  so 
arranged,  that  should  the  alarm  be  given,  they 
might  leap  into  the  coal-barges,  and  hide  until 
the  intruder  had  retired.  Seated  on  some  oars 
stretched  across  two  craft,  was  a  mortar- stained 
bricklayer,  keeping  a  look-out  towards  the  river, 
and  acting  as  a  sort  of  umpire  in  all  disputes. 
The  two  that  were  tossing  had  been  playing 
together  since  early  morning ;  and  it  was  easy 
to  tell  which  was  the  loser,  by  the  anxious-look- 
ing eye  and  compressed  lip.  He  was  quarrel- 
some too ;  and  if  the  crowd  pressed  \ipon  him, 
he  would  jerk  his  elbow  back  savagely,  saying, 

''  I  wish  to  C 1  you'd  stand  backer."     The 

winner,  a  short  man,  in  a  mud-stained  canvas 
jacket,  and  a  week's  yellow  beard  on  his  chin, 
never  spake  a  word  beyond  his  "heads,"  or 
"  tails  ;"  but  his  cheeks  were  red,  and  the  pipe 
in  his  mouth  was  unlit,  though  he  puffed  at  it. 

In  their  hands  they  each  held  a  long  row  of 
halfpence,  extending  to  the  wrist,  and  topped  by 
shillings  and  half-crowns.  Nearly  every  one 
round  had  coppers  in  his  hands,  and  bets  were 
made  and  taken  as  rapidly  as  they  could  be 
spoken.  "  I  lost  a  sov.  last  night  in  less  than 
no  time,"  said  one  man,  who,  with  his  hands  ia 
his  pockets,  was  looking  on  ;  "  never  mind — I 
musn't  have  no  wensou  this  week,  and  try 
again  next  Sunday." 

The  boy  who  was  losing  was  adopting  every 
means  to  "  bring  back  his  luck  again."  Before 
crying,  he  would  toss  up  a  halfpenny  three 
to  see  what  he  should  call.  At  last, 
with  an  oath,  he  pushed  aside  the  boys  round 
him,  and  shifted  his  place,  to  see  what  that 
would  do ;  it  had  a  good  effect,  for  he  won  toss 
after  toss  in  a  curiously  fortunate  way,  and  then 
it  was  strange  to  watch  his  mouth  gradually 
relax  and  his  brows  unknit.  His  opponent  was 
a  little  startled,  and  passing  his  fingers  through 
his  dusty  hair,  said,  with  a  stupid  laugh,  "  Well, 
I  never  see  the  likes."  The  betting  also  began 
to  shift.  "  Sixpence  Ned  wins  !  "  cried  t' 
four;  "  Sixpence  he  loses!"  answered  another; 
"Done!"  and  up  went  the  halfpence.  "  Haif- 
a-crown Joe  loses  !  " — "  Here  you  are,"  answered 
Joe,  but  he  '  "  I'll  try  you  a  'gen'" 

(shilling)  sai  "  And  a  '  rout' yenap  '  " 

(four].'  i  tin-  other.     "  Say  a  '  exes  '  " 

i:c!"    and   the   betting   con- 
.  till  the  ground  was  spotted  with 
and  halfpence. 

"  T!  'l  won   in   fiv 

said  Joe  (the  loser),  looking  round  with  I 

)   never  spake   a 
,.mge  to  his 

:  ;1  threw  <!(•• 

more  than  n 
had  won  in 
with  n  bla<  ' 

round  his  neck,  caid,   "There's  a  hog  I"  lut 

02 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUB  LONDON  POOR. 


there  wasn't  even  a  smile  at  the  joke.  At  last 
Joe  began  to  feel  angry,  and  stamping  his  foot 
till  the  water  squirted  up  from  the  beach,  cried, 
"  It's  no  use;  luck's  set  in  him — he'd  muck  a 
thousand!"  and  so  he  shifted  his  ground,  and 
betted  all  round  on  the  chance  of  better  fortune 
attending  the  movement.  He  lost  again,  and 
some  one  bantering  said,  "  You'll  win  the  shine- 
rag,  Joe,"  meaning  that  he  would  be  ''  cracked 
up,"  or  ruined,  if  he  continued. 

When  one  o'clock  struck,  a  lad  left,  saying, 
he  was  "  going  to  get  an  inside  lining"  (dinner). 
The  sweep  asked  him  what  he  was  going  to 
have.  "  A  two-and-haif  plate,  and  a  ha'p'orth 
of  smash"  (a  plate  of  soup  and  a  ha'p'orth  of 
mashed  potatoes),  replied  the  lad,  bounding  into 
the  court.  Nobody  else  seemed  to  care  for  his 
dinner,  for  all  stayed  to  watch  the  gamblers. 

Every  now  and  then  some  one  would  go  up 
the  court  to  see  if  the  lad  watching  for  the 
police  was  keeping  a  good  look-out;  but  the 
boy  never  deserted  his  post,  for  fear  of  losing 
his  threepence.  If  he  had,  such  is  the  wish  to 
protect  the  players  felt  by  every  lad,  that  even 
whilst  at  dinner,  one  of  them,  if  he  saw  a  police- 
man pass,  would  spring  up  and  rush  to  the 
gambling  ring  to  give  notice. 

When  the  tall  youth,  "  Ned,"  had  won  nearly 
all  the  silver  of  the  group,  he  suddenly  jerked 
his  gains  into  his  coat-pocket,  and  saying,  "  I've 
done,"  walked  off,  and  was  out  of  sight  in  an 
instant.  The  surprise  of  the  loser  and  all 
around  was  extreme.  They  looked  at  the  court 
where  he  had  disappeared,  then  at  one  another, 
and  at  last  burst  out  into  one  expression  of 
disgust.  "  There's  a  scurf !"  said  one;  "He's 
a  regular  scab,"  cried  another;  and  a  coster 
declared  that  he  was  "  a  trosseno,  and  no  mis- 
take." For  although  it  is  held  to  be  fair  for 
the  winner  to  go  whenever  he  wishes,  yet  such 
conduct  is  never  relished  by  the  losers. 

It  was  then  detennined  that  "  they  would 
have  him  to  rights"  the  next  time  he  came  to 
gamble  ;  for  every  one  would  set  at  him,  and 
win  his  money,  and  then  "  turn  up,"  as  he  had 
done. 

The  party  was  then  broken  up,  the  players 
separating  to  wait  for  the  new-comers  that  would 
be  sure  to  pour  in  after  dinner. 

"Vic.  GALLERY." 

ON  a  good  attractive  night,  the  rush  of  costers 
to  the  threepenny  gallery  of  the  Coburg  (better 
known  as  "  the  Vic  ")  is  peculiar  and  almost 
awful. 

The  long  zig-zag  staircase  that  leads  to  the 
pay  box  is  crowded  to  suffocation  at  least  an 
hour  before  the  theatre  is  opened ;  but,  on  the 
occasion  of  a  piece  with  a  good  murder  in  it, 
the  crowd  will  frequently  collect  as  early  as 
three  o'clock  in  the  afternoon.  Lads  stand 
upon  the  broad  wooden  bannisters  about  50  feet 
from  the  ground,  and  jump  on  each  others' 
backs,  or  adopt  any  expedient  they  can  think  of 
to  obtain  a  good  place. 

The   walls   of    the   well-staircase    having   a 


remarkably  fine  echo,  and  the  wooden  floor  of 
the  steps  serving  as  a  sounding  board,  the 
shouting,  whistling,  and  quarrelling  of  the 
mpatient  young  costers  is  increased  tenfold. 
If,  as  sometimes  happens,  a  song  with  a  chorus 
is  started,  the  ears  positively  ache  with  the  din, 
and  when  the  chant  has  finished  it  seems  as 
hough  a  sudden  silence  had  fallen  on  the 
people.  To  the  centre  of  the  road,  and  all  round 
the  door,  the  mob  is  in  a  ferment  of  excite- 
ment, and  no  sooner  is  the  money-taker  at  his 
post  than  the  most  frightful  rush  takes  place, 
every  one  heaving  with  his  shoulder  at  the  back 
of  the  person  immediately  in  front  of  him. 
The  girls  shriek,  men  shout,  and  a  nervous  fear 
is  felt  lest  the  massive  staircase  should  fall  in 
with  the  weight  of  the  throng,  as  it  lately  did 
with  the  most  terrible  results.  If  a  hat 
tumbles  from  the  top  of  the  staircase,  a  hundred 
hands  snatch  at  it  as  it  descends.  When  it  is 
caught  a  voice  roars  above  the  tumult,  "  All 
right,  Bill,  I've  got  it" — for  they  all  seem  to 
know  one  another — "  Keep  us  a  pitch  and  I'll 
bring  it." 

To  any  one  unaccustomed  to  be  pressed  flat 
it  would  be  impossible  to  enter  with  the  mob. 
To  see  the  sight  in  the  gallery  it  is  better  to 
wait  until  the  first  piece  is  over.  The  ham- 
sandwich  men  and  pig-trotter  women  will  give 
you  notice  when  the  time  is  come,  for  with  the 
first  clatter  of  the  descending  footsteps  they 
commence  their  cries. 

There  are  few  grown-up  men  that  go  to  the 
"Vic"  gallery.     The  generality  of  the  visitors 
are  lads  from  about  twelve  to  three-and-twenty, 
and  though  a  few  black-faced  sweeps  or  whitey- 
brown  dustmen  may  be  among  the  throng,  the 
gallery  audience  consists  mainly  of  costermon- 
gers.     Young  girls,  too,  are  very  plentiful,  only 
one-third  of  whom  now  take  their  babies,  owing! 
to  the  new  regulation  of  charging  half-price  for 
infants.     At  the  foot  of  the  staircase  stands  a 
group  of  boys  begging  for  the   return  checks,' 
which  they  sell  again  for  1|</.  or  Id.,  according) 
to  the  lateness  of  the  hour. 

At  each  step  up  the  well-staircase  the  warmthf 
and  stench  increase,  until  by  the  time  onej 
reaches  the  gallery  doorway,  a  furnace-heat 
rushes  out  through  the  entrance  that  seems  to'1 
force  you  backwards,  whilst  the  odour  positively! 
prevents  respiration.  The  mob  on  the  landing,! 
standing  on  tiptoe  and  closely  wedged  together,! 
resists  any  civil  attempt  at  gaining  a  glimpse  on 
the  stage,  and  yet  a  coster  lad  will  rush  up,j 
elbow  his  way  into  the  crowd,  then  jump  up  on.* 
to  the  shoulders  of  those  before  him,  and  sud-i 
denly  disappear  into  the  body  of  the  gallery. 

The  gallery  at  "the  Vic"  is  one  of  thejl 
largest  in  London.  It  will  hold  from  1500  tol 
2000  people,  and  runs  back  to  so  great  al 
distance,  that  the  end  of  it  is  lost  in  shadowj 
excepting  where  the  little  gas-jets,  against  thHj 
wall,  light  up  the  two  or  three  faces  aroumlH 
them.  When  the  gallery  is  well  packed,  it  is{j 
usual  to  see  piles  of  boys  on  each 
shoulders  at  the  back,  while  on  the  partition^ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


21 


.   dividing   off  the   slips,  lads  will  pitch 
themselves,  despite  the  spikes. 

As  you  look  up  the  vast  slanting  mass  of 
heads  from  the  upper  hoxes,  each  one  appears 
on  the  move.  The  huge  black  heap,  dotted 
with  faces,  and  spotted  with  white  shirt  sleeves, 
almost  pains  the  eye  to  look  at,  and  should  a 
clapping  of  hands  commence,  the  twinkling 
nearly  blinds  you.  It  is  the  fashion  with  the 
mob  to  take  oft"  their  coats ;  and  the  cross-braces 
on  the  backs  of  some,  and  the  bare  shoulders 
peeping  out  of  the  ragged  shirts  of  oth 
the  oniy  variety  to  be  found.  The  bonnets  of 
the  "  ladies  "  are  hung  over  the  iron  railing  in 
front,  their  numbers  nearly  hiding  the  panels, 
and  one  of  the  amusements  of  the  lads  in  the 
back  seats  consists  in  pitching  orange  peel  or 
nutshells  into  them,  a  good  aim  being  rewarded 
with  a  shout  of  laughter. 

:i   the   orchestra   begins  playing,  before 

have  settled  into  their  seats,  it  is 

hie    to    hear   a   note   of    music.       The 

-out  cheeks  of  the  trumpeters,   and  the 

raised  drumsticks  tell  you  that  the  overture  has 

need,  but  no  tune  is  to  be  heard.     An 

occasional   burst  of  the  full  band  being  caught 

as   if    a   high    wind    were    raging. 

iitions  take    place   every   moment,    and 

Smith  "  is  called  to  in  a  loud  voice  from 

if,  and  a  shout  in  answer  from  the  other 

asks  "What's   up?"      Or    family    secrets   are 

revealed,    and  "Bob  Triller"  is' asked    whc.e 

•id  replies  amid  a  roar  of  la- 
that  she  is  "a-larning  the  pynanney." 

.nd-by  a  youngster,  who  has  come  in  late, 
up  over  the  shoulders  at  the  door,  and 
doubling  himself  into  a  ball,  rolls  down  over 
.1  Is  in  front,  leaving  a  trail  of  commotion 
each  one  as  he  passes  aims  a  blow  at  the 
Presently  a  fight  is  sure  to  begin,  and 
every  one  rises  from  his  seat  whistling  and 
::iree  or  four  pairs  of  arms  fall  to, 
audience  waving  their  hands  till  the  moving 
seems  like  microscopic  eels  in  paste.     But 
miotion  ceases  suddenly  on  the  rising  of 
curtain,  and  then  the  cries  of  "Silence  !  " 
i-a-r  !  "  "  Ord-a-a-r  !  "  make  more  noise 

i"   gallery  is  not  to  be  moved  by 
:  timent    They  prefer  vigoro1. 

eech.    "The  Child  of  the 
'*"  declaration  that  she  would  share  her 
r'«  "death  or  duty," 

1  with  the  split  in 
ornpipe.     The  shr 
.   the  tar's  ; 

is  to  ask  "how  it  was  <:  comic 

. 

grand  ba- 

*  were  sure  to    ! 
of  "01 


for  her  father's  life  was  told  to  "  speak  up 
old  gal ;"  though  when  the  heroine  of  the 
"  dummestic  dreamer "  (as  they  call  it)  told 
the  general  of  all  the  Cossack  forces  "not  to 
be  a  fool,"  the  uproar  of  approbation  grew 
greater  than  ever,— and  when  the  lady  turned 
up  her  swan's-down  cuffs,  and  seizing  four 
Russian  soldiers  shook  them  successively  by 
the  collar,  then  the  enthusiasm  knew  no  bounds, 
and  the  cries  of  "  Bray-vo  Vincent !  Go  it  my 
tulip  !  "  ivsoumled  from  every  throat. 

Altogether  the  gallery  audience  do  not  seen: 
to  be  of  a  gentle  nature.  One  poor  little  lad 
shouted  out  in  a  crying  tone,  "  that  he  couldn't 
see,"  and  instantly  a  dozen  voices  demanded 
"that  he  should  be  thrown  over." 

Whilst  the  pieces  are  going  on,  brown,  flat 
bottles  are  frequently  raised  to  the  mouth,  and 
between  the  acts  a  man  with  a  tin  can,  glitter- 
ing in  the  gas-light,  goes  round  crying, 
"  Port-a-a-a-r  !  who's  for  port-a-a-a-r."  A\ 
the  heat  increased  the  faces  grew  bright  red, 
every  bonnet  was  taken  off,  and  ladies  could 
be  seen  wiping  the  perspiration  from  their 
cheeks  with  the  play-bills. 

No  delay  between  the  pieces  will  be  allowed, 
and  should  the  interval  appear  too  long,  some 
one  will  shout  out — referring  to  the  curtain — 
"Pull  up  that  there  winder  blind!"  or  they 
will  call  to  the  orchestra,  sayifig,  "  Now  then 
you  catgut-scrapers  !  Let's  have  a  ha'purth 
of  liveliness."  Neither  will  they  suffer  a  -1  — 


to  proceed  until  they  have  a  good  view  of  the 
stage,  and  "  Higher  the  blue,"  is  constantly 
shouted,  when  the  sky  is  too  low,  or  "Light 
up  the  moon,"  when  the  transparency  is  rather 
dim. 

The  dances  and  comic  songs,  between  the 
pieces,  are  liked  better  than  any  ting  else.  A 
highland  fling  is  certain  to  be  repeated,  and  a 
stamping  of  feet  will  accompany  the  tune,  and 
a  shrill  whistling,  keep  time  through  the  entire 
performance. 

But  the  grand  hit  of  the  evening  is  always 
when  a  song  is  sung  to  which  the  entire  gallery 
can  join  in  chorus.  Then  a  deep  silence  pre- 
vails all  through  the  stanzas.  Should  any 
burst  in  before  his  time,  a  shout  of  "orda-a-r  " 
is  raised,  and  the  intruder  put  down  by  a 
thousand  indignant  cries.  At  the  proper  time, 
however,  the  throats  of  the  mob  burst  forth  in 
all  their  strength.  The  most  deafening  noise 
breaks  out  suddenly,  while  the  cat-calls  keep 
up  the  tune,  and  an  imitation  of  a  do/en  Mr. 
Punches  squeak  out  the  words.  Some  acton- 
at  the  minor  theatres  make  a  great  point  ol 
i  in  the  bill  upon  the  night  of  in- 
the  title  of  "  There's  a  good  time 

•      . 
by   the  most  numerous  and  i  : 

Ming    the    whole   of   the 
gallery. 

:  1..1I  touch  if 
you    please 


22 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


demanded,  and,  despite  &  few  murmurs  of 
"change  it  to  '  Duck-legged  Dick,'  "  invariably 
insisted  on. 

THE  POLITICS  OF  COSTERMONGERS. — 

POLICEMEN. 

THE  notion  of  the  police  is  so  intimately  blended 
with  what  may  be  called  the  politics  of  the 
costermongers  that  I  give  them  together. 

The  politics  of  these  people  are  detailed  in  a 
few  words — they  are  nearly  all  Chartists.  "  You 
might  say,  sir,"  remarked  one  of  my  informants, 
"  that  they  all  were  Chartists,  but  as  its  better 
you  should  rather  be  under  than  over  the  mark, 
say  nearly  all."  Their  ignorance,  and  their 
being  impulsive,  makes  them  a  dangerous  class. 
I  am  assured  that  in  every  district  where  the 
costermongers  are  congregated,  one  or  two  of  the 
body,  more  intelligent  than  the  others,  have 
great  influence  over  them;  and  these  leading 
men  are  all  Chartists,  and  being  industrious  and 
not  unprosperous  persons,  their  pecuniary  and 
intellectual  superiority  cause  them  to  be  re- 
garded as  oracles.  One  of  these  men  said  to 
me :  "  The  costers  think  that  working-men  know 
best,  and  so  they  have  confidence  in  us.  I  like 
to  make  men  discontented,  and  I  will  make  them 
discontented  while  the  present  system  continues, 
because  it's  all  for  the  middle  and  the  moneyed 
classes,  and  nothmg,  in  the  way  of  rights,  for  the 
poor.  People  fancy  when  all's  quiet  that  all's 
stagnating.  Propagandism  is  going  on  for  all 
that.  It's  when  all's  quiet  that  the  seed's  a 
growing.  Republicans  and  Socialists  are  press- 
ing their  doctrines." 

The  costermongers  have  very  vague  notions 
of  an  aristocracy ;  they  call  the  more  prosperous 
of  their  own  hody  "  aristocrats."  Their  notions 
of  an  aristoci  *cy  of  birth  or  wealth  seem  to  be 
formed  on  their  opinion  of  the  rich,  or  reputed 
rich  salesmen  with  whom  they  deal ;  and  the 
result  is  anything  but  favourable  to  the  no- 
bility. 

Concerning  free-trade,  nothing,  I  am  told, 
can  check  the  costermongers'  fervour  for  a  cheap 
loaf.  A  Chartist  costermonger  told  me  that  he 
knew  numbers  of  costers  who  were  keen  Chartists 
without  understanding  anything  about  the  six 
points. 

The  costermongers  frequently  attend  political 
meetings,  going  there  in  bodies  of  from  six  to 
twelve.  Some  of  them,  I  learned,  could  not 
understand  why  Chartist  leaders  exhorted  them 
to  peace  and  quietness,  when  they  might  as  well 
fight  it  out  with  the  police  at  once.  The  costers 
boast,  moreover,  that  they  stick  more  together 
in  any  "row"  than  any  other  class.  It  is  con- 
sidered by  them  a  reflection  on  the  character 
of  the  thieves  that  they  are  seldom  true  to  one 
another. 

It  is  a  matter  of  marvel  to  many  of  this  class 
that  people  can  live  without  working.  The 
ignorant  costers  have  no  knowledge  of  "pro- 
perty," or  "income,"  and  conclude  that  the  non- 
workers  all  live  out  of  the  taxes.  Of  the  taxes 
generally  they  judge  from  their  knowledge  that 


tobacco,  which  they  account  a  necessary  of  life, 
pays  3s.  per  Ib.  duty. 

As  regards  the  police,  the  hatred  of  a  coster- 
monger  to  a  "peeler"  is  intense,  and  with  their 
opinion  of  the  police,  all  the  more  ignorant  unite 
that  of  the  governing  power.  "  Can  you  wonder 
at  it,  sir,"  said  a  costermonger  to  me,  "that  1 
hate  the  police  ?  They  drive  us  about,  we  must 
move  on,  we  can't  stand  here,  and  we  can't  pitch 
there.  But  if  we're  cracked  up,  that  is  if  we're 
forced  to  go  into  the  Union  (I've  known  it  both  at 
CJerkenwell  and  the  City  of  London  workhouses,) 
why  the  parish  gives  us  money  to  buy  a  barrow, 
or  a  shallow,  or  to  hire  them,  and  leave  the 
house  and  start  for  ourselves  :  and  what's  the 
use  of  that,  if  the  police  won't  let  us  sell  our 
goods? — Which  is  right,  the  parish  or  the 
police?" 

To  thwart  the  police  in  any  measure  the 
costermongers  readily  aid  one  another.  One 
very  common  procedure,  if  the  policeman  has 
seized  a  barrow,  is  to  whip  off  a  wheel,  while  the 
officers  have  gone  for  assistance  ;  for  a  large  and 
loaded  barrow  requires  two  men  to  convey  it  to 
the  green-yard.  Tlus  is  done  with  great  dex- 
terity ;  and  the  next  step  is  to  dispose  of  the  stock 
to  any  passing  costers,  or  to  any  "standing"  in 
the  neighbourhood,  and  it  is  honestly  accounted 
for.  The  policemen,  on  their  return,  find  an 
empty,  and  unwheelable  barrow,  which  they  must 
carry  off  by  main  strength,  amid  the  jeers  of  the 
populace. 

I  am  assured  that  in  case  of  a  political  riot 
every  "coster"  would  seize  his  policeman. 

MARRIAGE  AND  CONCUBINAGE  OF 

COSTERMONGERS. 
ONLY  one-tenth — at  the  outside  one-tenth — of 
the  couples  living  together  and  carrying  on  the 
costermongering  trade,  are  married.  In  Clerk- 
enwell  parish,  however,  where  the  number  of 
married  couples  is  about  a  fifth  of  the  whole, 
this  difference  is  easily  accounted  for,  as  in 
Advent  and  Easter  the  incumbent  of  that  parish 
marries  poor  couples  without  a  fee.  Of  the  rights 
of  "legitimate"  or  "illegitimate"  children  the 
costermongers  understand  nothing,  and  account 
it  a  mere  waste  of  money  and  time  to  go  through 
the  ceremony  of  wedlock  whsn  a  pair  can  live 
together,  and  be  quite  as  well  regarded  by  their 
fellows,  without  it  The  married  women  associ- 
ate with  the  unmarried  mothers  of  families  with- 
out the  slightest  scruple.  There  is  no  honour 
attached  to  the  marriage  state,  and  no  shame  to 
concubinage.  Neither  are  the  unmarried  women 
less  faithful  to  their  "partners"  than  the  mar- 
ried ;  but  I  understand  that,  of  the  two  classes, 
the  unmarried  betray  the  most  jealousy. 

As  regards  the  fidelity  of  these  women  I  was 
assured  that,  "in  anything  like  good  times," 
they  were  rigidly  faithful  to  their  husbands  or 
paramours ;  but  that,  in  the  worst  pinch  oi 
poverty,  a  departure  from  this  fidelity — if  it  pro- 
vided a  few  meals  or  a  fire — was  not  considered 
at  all  heinous.  An  old  costermonger,  who  had 
been  mixed  up  with  other  callings,  and  whose 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


prejudices  were  certainly  not  in  favour  of  his 
present  trade,  said  to  me,  "  What  I  call  the  work- 
ing girls,  sir,  are  as  industrious  and  as  faithful 
a  set  as  can  well  be.  I'm  satisfied  that  they're 
more  faithful  to  their  mates  than  other  poor 
working  women.  I  never  knew  one  of  these  work- 
ing girls  do  wrong  that  way.  They're  strong, 
hearty,  healthy  girls,  and  keep  clean  rooms. 
"Why,  there's  numbers  of  men  leave  their  stock- 
money  with  their  women,  just  taking  out  two  or 
three  shillings  to  gamble  with  and  get  drunk 
upon.  They  sometimes  take  a  little  drop  them  - 
selves,  the  women  do,  and  get  beaten  by  their 
husbands  for  it,  and  hardest  beaten  if  the  man's 
drunk  himself.  They're  sometimes  beaten  for 
other  things  too,  or  for  nothing  at  all.  But  they 
seem  to  like  the  men  better  for  their  beating 
them.  I  never  could  make  that  out."  Not- 

mding  this  fidelity,  it  appears  that  the 
"  larking  and  joking"  of  the  young,  and  some- 

>f  the  middle-aged  people,  among  them- 
selves, is  anything  but  delicate.  The  unmarried 
separate  as  seldom  as  the  married.  The  fidelity 
characterizing  the  women  does  not  belong  to 
the  men. 

The  dancing-rooms  are  the  places  where 
matches  are  made  up.  There  the  boys  go  to 
look  out  for  "mates,"  and  sometimes  a  match  is 
struck  up  the  first  night  of  meeting,  and  the 
couple  live  together  forthwith.  The  girls  at 

ciancea  are  all  the  daughters  of  coster- 
mongers,  or  of  persons  pursuing  some  other 
course  of  street  hfe.  Unions  take  place  when 
the  lad  is  but  14.  Two  or  three  out  of  100  have 
their  female  helpmates  at  that  early  age;  but 
the  female  is  generally  a  couple  of  years  older 
than  her  partner.  Nearly  all  the  costermongers 
form  such  alliances  as  I  have  described,  when 
both  parties  are  under  twenty.  One  reason  why 
these  alliances  are  contracted  at  early  ages  is, 
that  when  a  boy  has  assisted  his  father,  or  any 
one  engaging  him,  in  the  business  of  a  coster- 

r,  he  knows  that  he  can  borrow  money, 

re  a  shallow  or  a  barrow — or  he  may  have 
saved  5*. — "  and  then  if  the  father  vexes  him  or 
snubs  him,"  said  one  of  my  informants,  "  he'll 

-  father  to  go  to  h — 1,  and  he  and  his  gal 
will  start  on  their  own  account." 

Most  of  the  costermongers   have   numerous 
families,  but  not  those  who  contract  alliances 
i  me  working  down 
to  the  day  of  their  con: 

"Chance  c  \    arc   called,  or 

children  unrecognised  by  any  father,  are  rare 
among  the  young  women  of  the  costermongers. 

K;ION  or  COSTERMONGERS. 

.  i  trustworthy  man,  tin1 
v  actively  engaged  in  cost. 

••!i   in  the  interior  of  a  church,  or  any 
or  knew  what  was  mi 
same  perse-  '.,c  fol- 

lowing account,  which  w.i>  <•• 

••  coster*  have  n»  • 

otion,  or  none  at  all.  'if  */,,.. 


a  future  state  is.  Of  all  things  they  hate  tracts. 
They  hate  them  because  the  people  leaving  them 
never  give  them  anything,  and  as  they  can't  read 
the  tract — not  one  in  forty — they're  vexed  to  be 
bothered  with  it  And  really  what  is  the  use  of 
giving  people  reading  before  you've  taught  them 
to  read  ?  Now,  they  respect  the  City  Mission- 
aries, because  they  read  to  them — and  the 
costers  will  listen  to  reading  when  they  don't 
understand  it — and  because  they  visit  the  sick, 
and  sometimes  give  oranges  and  such  like  to 
them  and  the  children.  I've  known  a  City 
Missionary  buy  a  shilling's  worth  of  oranges 
of  a  coster,  and  give  them  away  to  the  sick 
and  the  children — most  of  them  belonging  to 
the  costermongers— down  the  court,  and  that 
made  him  respected  there.  I  think  the  City 
Missionaries  have  done  good.  But  I'm  satisfied 
that  if  the  costers  had  to  profess  themselves 
of  some  religion  to-morrow,  they  would  all 
become  Roman  Catholics,  every  one  of  them. 
This  is  the  reason : — London  costers  live  very 
often  in  the  same  courts  and  streets  as  the  p.'or 
Irish,  and  if  the  Irish  are  sick,  be  surp  fcnere 
comes  to  them  the  priest,  the  Sisters  of  Charity 
—  they  are  good  women  —  and  some  other 
ladies.  Many  a  man  that's  not  a  Catholic, 
has  rotted  and  died  without  any  good  person 
near  him.  "Why,  I  lived  a  good  while  in 
Lambeth,  and  there  wasn't  one  coster  in  100, 
I'm  satisfied,  knew  so  much  as  the  rector's 
name, — though  Mr.  Dalton's  a  very  good  man. 
But  the  reason  I  was  telling  you  of,  sir,  is  that 
the  costers  reckon  that  religion's  the  best  that 
gives  the  most  in  charity,  and  they  think  the 
Catholics  do  this.  I'm  not  a  Catholic  myself,  but 
I  believe  every  word  of  the  Bible,  and  have  the 
greater  belief  that  it's  the  word  of  God  because 
it  teaches  democracy.  The  Irish  in  the  courts 
get  sadly  chaffed  by  the  others  about  their 
priests, — but  they'll  die  for  the  priest.  Religion 
is  a  regular  puzzle  to  the  costers.  They  see 
people  come  out  of  church  and  chapel,  and  as 
they're  mostly  well  dressed,  and  there's  very  few 
of  their  own  sort  among  the  church-goers,  the 
costers  somehow  mix  up  being  religious  with 
being  respectable,  and  so  they  have  a  queer  sort 
of  feeling  about  it  It's  a  mystery  to  them.  It's 
shocking  when  you  come  to  think  of  it  They'll 
listen  to  any  preacher  that  goes  among  t IK-HI; 
and  then  a  few  will  say  —  I've  heard  it  often 
— '  A  b — y  fool,  why  don't  he  let  people  go  to 
h-11  their  own  way?'  There's  another  thing 
that  makes  the  costers  think  so  well  of  the 
Catholics.  If  a  Catholic  coster — there's  only 
very  few  of  them — is  'cracked  up'  (pern 
he's  often  started  again,  and  the  others  have 
a  notion  that  it's  through  some  ehap-1-fund. 
I  don't  '  r  it  is  so  or  not.  but  1  know 

the  crackid-up  nun  are  sinitrd  ;i;.'::in.  if  ' 
.1  the  stranger  that  flu-  i 
costermongers,  who  are  nearly  al 

Catholic?,  wlii-n   t!  •  <-f  the 

rs  and 

I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


us  with  plenty  of  money,"  said  another  coster- 
monger,  "he  might  make  us  all  Christians  or 
Turks,  or  anything  he  liked."  Neither  the 
Latter-day  Saints,  nor  any  similar  sect,  have 
made  converts  among  the  costermongers. 

OF  THE  UNEDUCATED  STATE  OF 

COSTERMONGERS. 

I  HAVE  stated  elsewhere,  that  only  about  one  in 
ten  of  the  regular  costermongers  is  able  to  read. 
The  want  of  education  among  both  men  and 
women  is  deplorable,  and  I  tested  it  in  several 
instances.  The  following  statement,  however, 
from  one  of  the  body,  is  no  more  to  be  taken  as 
representing  the  ignorance  of  the  class  gene- 
rally, than  are  the  clear  and  'liscriminating 
accounts  I  received  from  intelligent  coster- 
mongers  to  be  taken  as  representing  the  intelli- 
gence of  the  body. 

The  man  with  whom  1  conversed,  and  from 
whom  I  received  the  following  statement,  seemed 
about  thirty.  He  was  certainly  not  ill-looking, 
out  with  a  heavy  cast  of  countenance,  his  light 
blue  eyes  having  little  expression.  His  state- 
ments, or  opinions,  I  need  hardly  explain,  were 
given  both  spontaneously  in  the  course  of  con- 
versation, and  in  answer  to  my  questions.  I 
give  them  almost  verbatim,  omitting  oaths  and 
slang: 

"  Well,  times  is  bad,  sir,"  he  said,  "but  it's 
a  deadish  time.  I  don't  do  so  well  at  present 
U  in  middlUh  times,  I  think.  When  I  served 
the  Prince  of  Naples,  not  far  from  here  (I 
presume  that  he  alluded  to  the  Prince  of 
Capua),  I  did  better  and  times  was  better. 
That  was  five  years  ago,  but  I  can't  say  to 
a  year  or  two.  He  was  a  good  customer,  and 
was  wery  fond  of  peaches.  I  used  to  sell  them 
to  him,  at  12s.  the  plasket  when  they  was 
new.  The  plasket  held  a  dozen,  and  cost  me 
(5.9.  at  Covent-garden— more  sometimes ;  but  I 
didn't  charge  him  more  when  they  did.  Ilia 
footman  was  a  black  man,  and  a  ignorant  man 
quite,  and  his  housekeeper  was  a  English- 
woman. He  was  the  Prince  o'  Naples,  was  my 
customer;  but  I  don't  know  what  he  was  like,  for 
I  never  saw  him.  I've  heard  that  he  was  the 
brother  of  the  king  of  Naples.  I  can't  say 
where  Naples  is,  but  if  you  was  to  ask  at 
Euston- square,  they'll  tell  you  the  fare  there  and 
the  time  to  go  it  in.  It  may  be  in  France  for 
anything  I  know  may  Naples,  or  in  Ireland. 
Why  don't  you  ask  at  the  square?  I  went 
to  Croydon  once  by  rail,  and  slept  all  the 
way  without  stirring,  and  so  you  may  to 
Naples  for  anything  I  know.  I  never  heard 
of  the  Pope  being  a  neighbour  of  the  King  of 
Naples.  Do  you  mean  living  next  door  to 
him?  But  I  don't  know  nothing  of  the  King 
of  Naples,  only  the  prince.  I  don't  know  what 
the  Pope  is.  Is  he  any  trade  ?  It's  nothing 
to  me,  when  he's  no  customer  of  mine.  I  have 
nothing  to  say  about  nobody  that  ain't  no 
customers.  My  crabs  is  caught  in  the  sea,  in 
course.  I  gets  them  at  Billingsgate.  I  never 
saw  the  sea,  but  it's  salt-water,  I  know.  I 


can't  say  whereabouts  it  lays.  I  believe  it's 
in  the  hands  of  the  Billingsgate  salesmen — all  of 
it  ?  I've  heard  of  shipwrecks  at  sea,  caused 
by  drownding,  ir.  course.  I  never  heard  that 
the  Prince  of  Naples  was  ever  at  sea.  I  like 
to  talk  about  him,  he  was  such  a  customer  when 
he  lived  near  here."  (Here  he  repeated  his 
account  of  the  supply  of  peaches  to  his  Royal 
Highness.)  "  I  never  was  in  France,  no,  sir, 
never.  I  don't  know  the  way.  Do  you  think 
I  could  do  better  there  ?  I  never  was  in 
the  Republic  there.  What's  it  like?  Bona- 
parte ?  O,  yes ;  I've  heard  of  him.  He  was 
at  Waterloo.  I  didn't  know  he'd  been  alive 
now  and  in  France,  as  you  ask  me  about  him. 
I  don't  think  you're  larking,  sir.  Did  I  hear 
of  the  French  taking  possession  of  N 
and  Bonaparte  making  his  brother-in-law 
king  ?  Well,  I  didn't,  but  it  may  be  true, 
because  I  served  the  Prince  of  Naples,  what 
was  the  brother  of  the  king.  I  never  heard 
whether  the  Prince  was  the  king's  older  brother 
or  his  younger.  I  wish  he  may  turn  out  his 
older  if  there's  property  coming  to  him,  as  the 
oldest  has  the  first  turn;  at  least  so  I've  heard — 
first  come,  first  served.  I've  worked  the  streets 
and  the  courts  at  all  times.  I've  worked  them  by 
moonlight,  but  you  couldn't  see  the  moonlight 
where  it  was  busy.  I  can't  say  how  far  the 
moon's  off  us.  It's  nothing  to  me,  but  I've 
seen  it  a  good  bit  higher  than  St.  Paul's.  I 
don't  know  nothing  about  the  sun.  Why  dc 
you  ask  ?  It  must  be  nearer  than  the  moon 
for  it's  warmer, — and  if  they're  both  fire,  that 
shows  it.  It's  like  the  tap-room  grate  and  that 
bit  of  a  gas-light  ;  to  compare  the  two  is. 
What  was  St.  Paul's  that  the  moon  was  above  ? 
A  church,  sir  ;  so  I've  heard.  I  never  was  in 
a  church.  O,  yes,  I've  heard  of  God ;  he 
made  heaven  and  earth  ;  I  never  heard  of  his 
making  the  sea;  that's  another  thing,  and  you 
can  best  learn  about  that  at  Billingsgate.  (He 
seemed  to  think  that  the  sea  was  an  appur- 
tenance of  Billingsgate.)  Jesus  Christ? 
I've  heard  of  him.  Our  Redeemer?  Well, 
I  only  wish  I  could  redeem  my  Sunday  togs 
from  my  uncle's." 

Another  costermonger,  in  answer  to  inquiries, 
said:  "  I  'spose  you  think  us  'riginal  coves  that 
you  ask.  We're  not  like  Methusalem,  or  some 
such  swell's  name,  (I  presume  thatMalthus  was 
meant)  as  wanted  to  murder  children  afore 
they  was  born,  as  I  once  heerd  lectured 
about — we're  nothing  like  that" 

Another  on  being  questioned,  and  on  being 
told  that  the  information  was  wanted  for  the 
press,  replied  :  "  The  press  ?  I  '11  have  nothing 
to  say  to  it  We  are  oppressed  enough  already." 

That  a  class  numbering  30,000  should  be  per- 
mitted to  remain  in  a  state  of  almost  brutish 
ignorance  is  a  national  disgrace.  If  the  London 
costers  belong  especially  to  the  "  dangerous 
classes,"  the  danger  of  such  a  body  is  assuredly 
an  evil  of  our  own  creation  ;  for  the  gratitude  of 
the  poor  creatures  to  any  one  who  seeks  to  give 
[  them  the  least  knowledge  is  almost  pathetic. 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  JXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


LANGUAGE  OF  COSTERMONGERS. 

THE  slang  language  of  the  costermongers  is  not 
very  remarkable  for  originality  of  construction  ; 
it  possesses  no  humour :  but  they  boast  that  it 
is  known  only  to  themselves;  it  is  far  beyond  the 
Irish,  they  say,  and  puzzles  the  Jews.  The  root 
of  the  costermonger  tongue,  so  to  speak,  is  to  give 
the  words  spelt  backward,  or  rather  pronounced 
Backward, — for  in  my  present  chapter  the 
language  has,  I  believe,  been  reduced  to  ortho- 
graphy for  the  tirst  time.  With  this  backward 
pronunciation,  which  is  very  arbitrary,  are  mixed 
words  reducible  to  no  rule  and  seldom  referrable 
to  any  origin,  thus  complicating  the  mystery 
of  this  unwritten  tongue ;  while  any  syllable  is 
added  to  a  proper  slang  word,  at  the  discretion 
of  the  speaker. 

Slang  is  acquired  very  rapidly,  and  some  cos- 
tennongers  will  converse  in  it  by  the  hour.  The 
women  use  it  sparingly  ;  the  girls  more  than 
the  women  ;  the  men  more  than  the  ^t**  ;  and 
the  boys  most  of  all.  The  most  ignorant  of  all 
these  classes  deal  most  in  slang  and  boast  of 
their  cleverness  and  proficiency  in  it.  In  their 
conversations  among  themselves,  the  follow- 
ing are  invariably  the  terms  used  in  money 
matters.  A  rude  back-spelling  may  generally 
he  traced  : 

Flatch  ....     Halfpenny. 

p Penny. 

Oiet-yentp    .      .      .  Twi>; 

Ertli-yciit'p  ....      Threepence. 
;)  .     .     .     .      Fourpence. 
.      .      .      ! '....-pence. 
Exis-ycnep   ....      Sixpence. 

•  •p      ...      Sevenpence. 
.     .     .     Eightpence. 
V.ncpence. 
.      .     .     .     Ten  pence. 

Levcn Elevenpence. 

nee. 

.     .     .     Three  half-pence. 

and  so  on  through  the  penny-halfpennies. 

It  was  explained  to  me  by  a  costermonger, 

who  had  introduced   some  new  words   into  the 

D  "   was  ali-  -ely  to 

resemble  the  proper  word,  b-  npence 

was  almost  an  m.;.  'iigers, 

:i — weights  and  :  ..nfwith- 

':oin   ]()tl.  to  1*. 
.    a    shilling    and    the    nun. 
sequence  is   purs 
shillings,  as    with    the 
pence.     The  blending  of  the  two  i> 
jng  to  the  same   syst< : 

"  two-and-eightpencc.  'Inn  to 

:.ifonnity  of  the  i;  goi: 
in  the  sum  of  8*.,  wh: 

precedents  in  all 

is  the  larp-  1  at  ion 

I  :-C   fol- 

nger  coins  of  the  higher 
»alue ; 


gen  .  .  . 
Eu-if-gcn  . 
Flatch-ynorl; 


.     Sovereign. 
Half-sovereign. 

.     Crown. 

.     Half-crown. 


The  costermongers  still  further  complicate 
their  slang  by  a  mode  of  multiplication.  They 
thus  say,  "  Erth  Ewif-gens"  or  3  times  5s.,  which 
means  of  course  15s. 

Speaking  of  this  language,  a  costermonger  said 
to  me  :  "  The  Irish  can't  tumble  to  it  anyhow  ; 
the  Jews  can  tumble  better,  but  we're  their 
masters.  Some  of  the  young  salesmen  at  Bil- 
lingsgate understand  us, — but  only  at  Billings- 
gate ;  and  they  think  they're  uncommon  clever. 
but  they're  not  quite  up  to  the  mark.  The  police 
don't  understand  us  at  all.  It  would  be  a  pity 
if  they  did." 

I  give  a  few  more  phrases : 

A  doogheno  or  dab-  \        ( Is  it  a  good  or  bad 

heno  ?  )  \     market  ? 

A  regular  trosseno .     .  A  regular  bad  one. 

On No. 

Say Yes. 

T"™"n  t0y°ll.r  b.a>". }  Understand  you. 

Top  o'  rceb  .     .     .     .  Pot  of  beer. 

\iS  dab    ....  Doing  badly. 

Cool  him Look  at  him. 

The  latter  phrase  is  used  when  one  coster- 
monger warns  another  of  the  approach  of  a 
policeman  "  who  might  order  him  to  move  on, 
or  be  otherwise  unpleasant."  "  Cool  "  (look) 
is  exclaimed,  or  "Cool  him"  (look  at  him). 
One  costermonger  told  me  as  a  great  joke  that  a 
very  stout  policeman,  who  was  then  new  to  the 
duty,  was  when  in  a  violent  state  of  perspiration, 
much  offended  by  a  costermonger  saying  "  Cool 
him." 


Coil  the  csclop   . 
Coul  tin:  nainesclop . 

Cool  ta  the  dillo  nemo  . 


Look  at  the  police, 
f  Look  at  the  policc- 
\      man. 

(Look    at    the    old 
\     woman ; 


said     of    any     woman,     young    or     old,     who, 
according  to  costermonger  notions,  is  "giving 

This  language  seems  confined,  in   its  >t- 
the   immediate    objects    of   the    - 

.;    is,   among   the  more  acute 
members    of   the    fia'.ernity, 
and  is  capable  of  ind.  i  "ii. 

The    cn.sti-nimiipTs    oaths.    I    may    rnicludc, 
arc  all   in   ti.  any  of  tin- 

.oil  as    "  lluw  d'you  <: 
:ught"  known  to  their  slang. 

. 
•ijially  to  th-  '  fish.) 

.      .       Half-drunk. 
•••   i!  ; 

Or  doog 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


C'/v.s-.s-  clmp    .     .     '     .  A  thief. 

Shoutfulls      ....  Bad  money ; 
(seldom  in  the  hands  of  costermongers.) 

I'm  on  to  the  deb  .     .  I'm  going  to  bed. 

Do  the  tlghtncr      .     .  Go  to  dinner. 

Nommus Be  off. 

Tol Lot,  Stock,  or  Share. 

Many  costermongers,  "  but  principally — per- 
haps entirely," — I  was  told,  "  those  who  had 
not  been  regular  born  and  bred  to  the  trade,  but 
had  taken  to  it  when  cracked  up  in  their  own," 
do  not  trouble  themselves  to  acquire  any  know- 
ledge of  slang.  It  is  not  indispensable  for  the 
carrying  on  of  their  business ;  the  grand  object, 
however,  seems  to  be,  to  shield  their  bargainings 
at  market,  or  their  conversation  among  them- 
selves touching  their  day's  work  and  profits, 
from  the  knowledge  of  any  Irish  or  uninitiated 
fellow-traders. 

The  simple  principle  of  costermonger  slang — 
that  of  pronouncing  backward,  may  cause  its 
acquirement  to  be  regarded  by  the  educated  as  a 
matter  of  ease.  But  it  is  a  curious  fact  that 
lads  who  become  costennongers'  boys,  without 
previous  association  with  the  class,  acquire  a 
fery  ready  command  of  the  language,  and  this 
though  they  are  not  only  unable  to  spell,  but 
don't  "know  a  letter  in  a  book."  I  saw  one  lad, 
whose  parents  had,  until  five  or  six  months  back, 
resided  in  the  country.  The  lad  himself  was 
fourteen  ;  he  told  me  he  had  not  been  "  a  cos- 
termongering "  more  than  three  months,  and 
prided  himself  on  his  mastery  over  slang.  To 
test  his  ability,  I  asked  him  the  coster's  word 
for  "hippopotamus;"  he  answered,  with  tole- 
rable readiness,  "  musatoppop."  I  then  asked 
him  for  the  like  rendering  of  "  equestrian"  (one 
of  Astley's  bills  having  caught  my  eye).  He 
replied,  but  not  quite  so  readily,  "  nirtseque." 
The  last  test  to  which  I  subjected  him  was 
"good-naturedly;"  and  though  I  induced  him 
to  repeat  the  word  twice,  I  could  not,  on  any  of 
the  three  renderings,  distinguish  any  precise 
sound  beyond  an  indistinct  gabbling,  concluded 
emphatically  with  "doog:" — "good"  being  a 
word  with  which  zfll  these  traders  are  familiar. 
It  must  be  remembered,  that  the  words  I  de- 
manded were  remote  from  the  young  coster- 
monger's  vocabulary,  if  not  from  his  under- 
standing. 

Before  I  left  this  boy,  he  poured  forth  a 
minute  or  more's  gibberish,  of  which,  from  its 
rapid  utterance,  1  could  distinguish  nothing  ; 
but  I  found  from  his  after  explanation,  that  it 
was  a  request  to  me  to  make  a  further  purchase 
of  his  walnuts. 

This  slang  is  utterly  devoid  of  any  applica- 
bility to  humour.  It  gives  no  new  fact,  or 
approach  to  a  fact,  for  philologists.  One  supe- 
rior genius  among  the  costers,  who  has  invented 
words  for  them,  told  me  that  he  had  no  system 
for  coining  his  term.  He  gave  to  the  known 
words  some  terminating  syllable,  or,  as  he  called 
it,  "  a  new  turn,  just,"  to  use  his  own  words, 
"as  if  he  chorussed  them,  with  a  tcl-de-rol." 


The  intelligence  communicated  in  this  slang  is, 
in  a  great  measure,  communicated,  as  in  othei 
slang,  as  much  by  the  inflection  of  the  voice, 
the  emphasis,  the  tone,  the  look,  the  shrug,  the 
nod,  the  wink,  as  by  the  words  spoken. 

OF  THE  NICKNAMES  OF  COSTERMONGERS. 
Like  many  rude,  and  almost  all  wander- 
ing communities,  the  costermongers,  like  the 
cabmen  and  pickpockets,  are  hardly  ever  known 
by  their  real  names  ;  even  the  honest  men  among 
them  are  distinguished  by  some  strange  appel- 
lation. Indeed,  they  are  all  known  one  to 
another  by  nicknames,  which  they  acquire  either 
by  some  mode  of  dress,  some  remark  that  has 
ensured  costermonger  applause,  some  peculiarity 
in  trading,  or  some  defect  or  singularly  in 
personal  appearance.  Men  are  known  as  "  Rotten 
Herrings,"  "  Spuddy  "  (a  seller  of  bad  potatoes, 
until  beaten  by  the  Irish  for  his  bad  wares,) 
"  Curly"  (a  man  with  a  curly  head),  "  Foreigner" 
(a  mail  who  had  been  in  the  Spanish- Legion), 
"  Brassy''  (a  very  saucy  person),  "  Gaffy"  (once 
a  performer),  "The  One-eyed  Buffer,"  "Jaw- 
breaker," "  Pine-apple  Jack,"  "Cast-iron  Poll" 
(her  head  having  been  struck  with  a  pot  without 
injury  to  her),  "  Whilky,"  "  Blackwall  Poll" 
(a  woman  generally  having  two  black  eyes), 
"  Lushy  Bet,"  "  Dirty  Sail"  (the  costermongers 
generally  objecting  to  dirtywomen),  and  "  Danc- 
ing Sue." 

OF  THE  EDUCATION  OF  COSTERMONGERS' 

CHILDREN. 

I  have  used  the  heading  of  "  Education,"  but 
perhaps  to  say  "  non-education,"  would  be  more 
suitable.  Very  few  indeed  of  the  costermongers' 
children  are  sent  even  to  the  Ragged  Schools ; 
and  if  they  are,  from  all  I  could  learn,  it  is 
done  more  that  the  mother  may  be  saved  the 
trouble  of  tending  them  at  home,  than  from 
any  desire  that  the  children  shall  acquire  useful 
knowledge.  Both  boys  and  girls  are  sent  out 
by  their  parents  in  the  evening  to  sell  nuts. 
oranges,  &c.,  at  the  doors  of  the  theatres,  or  in 
any  public  place,  or  "  round  the  houses"  (a 
stated  circuit  from  their  place  of  abode).  This 
trade  they  pursue  eagerly  for  the  sake  of  "  bunts," 
though  some  carry  home  the  money  they  take, 
very  honestly.  The  costermongers  are  kind  to 
their  children,  "perhaps  in  a  rough  way,  and  the 
women  make  regular  pets  of  them  very  often." 
One  experienced  man  told  me,  that  he  had  seen 
a  poor  costermonger' s  wife — one  of  the  few  who 
could  read — instructing  her  children  in  reading; 
but  such  instances  were  very  rare.  The  educa- 
tion of  these  children  is  such  only  as  the  streets 
afford ;  and  the  streets  teach  them,  for  the  most 
part — and  in  greater  or  lesser  degrees, — acute- 
ness — a  precocious  acuteness— in  all  that  con- 
cerns their  immediate  wants,  business,  or  gratifi- 
cations; a  patient  endurance  of  cold  and  hunger,- 
a  desire  to  obtain  money  without  working  for  it-, 
a  craving  for  the  excitement  of  gambling;  an 
nordinate  love  of  amusement ;  and  an  irrepres- 
sible repugnance  to  any  settled  in-door  industry 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


27 


THE  LITERATURE  OF  COSTERMONGERS. 

WE  have  now  had  an  inkling  of  the  London 
costennonger's  notions  upon  politics  and  religion. 
•A'e  have  seen  the  brutiiied  state  in  which  he  is 
allowed  by  society  to  remain,  though  possessing 
:ine  faculties  and  susceptibilities  as  our- 
selves—the same  power  to  perceive  and  admire 
the  forms  of  truth,  beauty,  and  goodness,  as  even 
the  very  highest  in  the  state.  "We  have  v, 
how,  instinct  with  all  the  elements  of  manhood 
and  beasthood,  the  qualities  of  the  beast  are  prin- 
cipally developed  in  him,  while  those  of  the  man 
are  stunted  in  their  growth.  It  now  remains  for 
us  to  look  into  some  other  matters  concerning 
this  curious  class  of  people,  and,  first,  of  their 
literature : 

It  may  appear  anomalous  to  speak  of  the  lite- 
rature of  an  uneducated  body,  but  even  the 
costerniongers  have  their  tastes  for  books.  They 
are  very  fond  of  hearing  any  one  read  aloud  to 
them,  and  listen  :ively.  One  man 

often  reads  the  Sunday  paper  of  the  beer-shop  to 
them,  and  on  a  fine  summer's  evening  a  coster- 
monger,  or  any  neighbour  who  has  the  advantage 
of  being  "a  schollard,"  reads  aloud  to  them  in 
the  courts  they  inhabit.     What  they  love  best  to 
listen  to — and,  indeed,  what  they  are  most  eager 
for — are  Reynolds's    periodicals,  especially  the 
«>f  the  Court"     "They've  got  tired 
of  Lloyd's  blood-stained  stories,"  said  one  man, 
who  was  in  the  habit  of  reading  to  them,  "  and 
I'm  satisfied  that,  of  all  London,  Reynolds  is  the 
most  popular   man   among   them.     They  stuck 
to   him   in  Trafalgar-square,  and  would  again. 
I    trump,'    and    Feargus 
:ior's  another  trump  with  them.'" 
One  intelligent  man  considered  that  the  spirit 
of  curiosity    mani tested    by    costermongers.    as 
-   the  information  or  excitement    derived 
from  hearing  .id,  augured  well  for  the 

improvability  of  the  class. 

;her  intelligent  costermonger,  who  had 
recently  read  some  of  the  cheap  periodicals  to 
ten  or  twelve  men,  women,  and  boy 

an  account  of  the  comments 
made   by  his  auditors.      Th-  -nbled, 

..ork  or  tluir  rounds,   for  the 
purpov  informant  read  1 

nay  public 

1    my   informant, 
I 

.1  what 
.  a  little  o  •Minion 

.    think 

. 


-ut  her,'  said  one  man  to 


me  last  night ;  read  it ;  what  was  she  ?  '  "When  I 
had  read  it,"  my  informant  continued,  "another 
man,  to  whom  I  showed  it,  said,  'Don't  the  cove 
as  did  that  know  a  deal  ? '  for  they  fancy — at  least, 
a  many  do — that  one  man  writes  a  whole  peri- 
odical, or  a  whole  newspaper.  Now  here,'  pro- 
ceeded my  friend,  "  you  see's  an  engraving  of  a 
man  hung  up,  burning  over  a  fire,  and  some 
costers  would  go  mad  if  thej  couldn't  learn  what 
he'd  been  doing,  who  he  was,  and  all  about  him. 
'  But  about  the  picture?'  they  wo  aid  say,  and 
this  is  a  very  common  question  put  by  them 
whenever  they  see  an  engraving. 

"  Here's  one  of  the  passages  that  took  their 
fancy  wonderfully,"  my  informant  observed  : 

'  With  glowing  cheeks,  Hashing  eyes,  and  palpitating 
bosom,  VenetiaTrelawney  rushed  back  into  the  refresl' 
ment-room,  where  she  threw  herself  into  one  of  the 
arm-chairs  already  noticed.  But  scarcely  had  she  thus 
sunk  down  upon  the  flocculent  cushion,  when  a  sharp 
click,  as  of  some  mechanism  giving  way,  met  her  ears; 
and  at  the  same  instant  her  wrists  were  caught  in 
manacles  which  sprang  out  of  the  arms  of  the  treacher- 
ous chair,  while  two  steel  bands  started  from  the  richly 
carved  hack  and  grasped  her  shoulders.  A  shriek 
hurst  from  her  lips — she  struggled  violently,  but  all  to 
no  purpose  :  for  she  was  a  captive — and  powerless! 

'  We  should  observe  that  the  manacles  and  the  steel 
bands  which  had  thus  fastened  upon  her,  were  covered 
with  velvet,  so  that  they  indicted  no  positive  injury 
upon  her,  nor  even  produced  the  slightest  abrasion  of 
her  fair  and  polished  skin.' 

Here  all  my  audience,"  said  the  man  to  me, 
"broke  out  with — 'Aye!  that's  the  way  the 
hanistoerals  hooks  it.  There's  nothing  o'  that 
sort  among  us ;  the  rich  has  all  that  barrikin  to 

themselves.'     '  Yes,  that's    the  b way  the 

taxes  goes  in,'  shouted  a  woman. 

"  Anything  about  the  police  sets  them  a  talk- 
ing at  once.  This  did  when  1  read  it : 

1  The  Ebenezers  still  continued  their  fierce  struggle, 
and,  from  the  noise  they  made,  seemed  as  if  they  were 
tearing  each  other  to  pieces,  to  the  wild  roar  of  a  chorus 
of  profane  swearing.  The  alarm,  as  BKiomfield  had 
predicted,  was  soon  raised,  and  some  two  or  three 
policemen,  with  their  bull's-eyes,  and  still  more  ell«c- 
tive  truncheons,  speedily  restored  order.' 

The  blessed  crushers  n  everywhere,'  shouted 
one.  '  1  wish  I'd  been  'here  to  have  had  a  shy 
•it  the  eslops,'  said  another.  And  then  a  man 
sung  out:  '  O,  don't  I  lik:-  the  Bobbys?' 

''  If  '  which  can't 

be  explained.  y   in- 

onii..nt  went  on,  "annoye.l  at  it— quite  an. 
Another  time  I  r  t'  one  of  Lloyd's 

lumbers  to  them  —  but  they  like  son:, 
picier.  One  article  in  them — here  it  is— 1 
n  this  way : 

1    habits   am! 
\ 

..ion,  th.it  'qui  n'ctt 

what  d'ye  call   it,  v 

i 

.  though  h 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


read  or  write.  '  Noblesse  ! '  Blessed  if  I  know 
what  he's  up  to.'  Here  there  was  a  regular 
laugh." 

From  other  quarters  I  learned  that  some  of 
the  costermongers  who  were  able  to  read,  or 
loved  to  listen  to  reading,  purchased  their  litera- 
ture in  a  very  commercial  spirit,  frequently 
buying  the  periodical  which  is  the  largest  in 
size,  because  when  "  they've  got  the  reading  out 
of  it,"  as  they  say,  "  it's  worth  a  halfpenny  for 
the  barrow." 

Tracts  they  will  rarely  listen  to,  but  if  any 
persevering  man  will  read  tracts,  and  state  that 
he  does  it  for  their  benefit  and  improvement, 
they  listen  without  rudeness,  though  often  with 
evident  unwillingness.  "  Sermons  or  tracts,"  said 
vjne  of  their  body  to  me,  "  gives  them  the  "errors." 
-mongers  purchase,  and  not  unfrequently, 
the  first  number  of  a  penny  periodical,  "  to  see 
what  it's  like." 

The  tales  of  robbery  and  bloodshed,  of  heroic, 
eloquent,  and  gentlemanly  highwaymen,  or  of 
gipsies  turning  out  to  be  nobles,  now  interest  the 
•.uongers  but  little,  although  they  found 
great  delight  in  such  stories  a  f'etf  years  back. 
Works  relating  to  Courts,  potentates,  or  "  har- 
ristocrats,"  are  the  most  relished  by  these  rude 
people. 

OF  THE  HONESTY  OF  COSTHIIMONGERS. 
I  heard  on  all  hands  that  the  costers  never  steal 
from  one  another,  and  never  wink  at  any  one 
stealing  from  a  neighbouring  stall.  Any  stall - 
keeper  will  leave  his  stall  untended  to  get  his 
dinner,  his  neighbour  acting  for  him  ;  sometimes 
he  will  leave  it  to  enjoy  a  game  at  skittles.  It 
was  computed  forme,  that  property  worth  10,000/. 
belonging  to  costers  is  daily  left  exposed  in  the 
streets  or  at  the  markets,  almost  entirely  un- 
watched,  the  policeman  or  market-keeper  only 
passing  at  intervals.  And  yet  thefts  are  rarely 
heard  of,  and  when  heard  of  are  not  attributable 
to  costermongers,  but  to  regular  thieves.  The 
way  in  which  the  sum  of  10,000/.  was  arrived  at 
is  this:  "In  Hooper-street,  Lambeth,"  said  im 
informant,  "  there  are  thirty  barrows  and  carts 
exposed  on  an  evening,  left  in  the  street,  with 
nobody  to  see  to  them ;  left  there  all  night. 
1  That  is  only  one  street.  Each  barrow  and  boarc 
would  be  worth,  on  the  average,  21.  5s.,  and  thai 
would  be  67/.  10s.  In  the  other  bye-streets  am 
courts  off  the  N<;w-cut  are  six  times  as  many 
Hooper-street  having  the  most  This  would  givt 
4057.  in  all,  left  unwatched  of  a  night.  There 
are,  throughout  London,  twelve  more  districts  be- 
sides the  New-cut — at  least  twelve  districts — and 
calculating  the  same  amount  in  these,  -we  have 
altogether,  4.860/.  worth  of  barrows.  Taking  ii 
other  bye-streets,  we  may  safely  reckon  it  a 
4,000  barrows ;  for  the  numbers  I  have  given  in 
the  thirteen  places  are  2.520,  and  1,480  added 
moderate.  At  least  half  of  those  which  are  in 
use  next  day,  are  left  unwatched ;  more,  I  hav 
no  doubt,  but  say  half.  The  stock  of  these  2,000 
will  average  10s.  each,  or  1,000/. ;  and  the  bar 
rows  will  be  worth  4.500*'. ;  in  all  5,500/.,  a«< 


he  property  exposed  on  the  stalls  and  the  markets 
vill  be  double  in  amount,  or  11,000/.  in  value, 
very  day,  but  say  10,OOOZ. 

"Besides,  sir,"  I  was  told,  "the  thieves 
von't  rob  the  costers  so  often  as  they  will  the 
hopkeepers.  It's  easier  to  steal  from  a  butcher's 
r  bacon- seller's  open  window  than  from  a  cc.s- 
.ermonger's  stall  or  barrow,  because  the  shop- 
ceeper's  eye  can't  be  always  on  his  goods.  But 
here's  always  some  one  to  give  an  eye  to  a  cos- 
er's  property.  At  Billingsgate  the  thieves  will 
•ob  the  salesmen  far  readier  than  they  will  us. 
They  know  we'd  take  it  out  of  them  readier  if 
hey  were  caught.  It's  Lynch  law  with  us.  We 
lever  give  them  in  charge." 

The  costermongers'  boys  will,  I  am  informed, 
:heat  their  employers,  but  they  do  not  steal  from 
hem.  The  costers'  donkey  stables  have  seldom 
either  lock  or  latch,  and  sometimes  oysters,  and 
other  things  which  the  donkey  will  not  molest, 
are  left  there,  but  are  never  stolen. 

OF  THE  CONVEYANCES  OF  THE  COSTER- 
MONGERS AND  OTHER  STREET-SELLERS. 

WE  now  come  to  consider  the  matters  relating 
nore  particularly  to  the  commercial  life  of  the 
costermonger. 

All  who  pass  along  the  thoroughfares  of  the 
Metropolis,  bestowing  more  than  a  cursory 
glance  upon  the  many  phases  of  its  busy  street 
life,  must  be  struck  with  astonishment  to  observe 
the  various  modes  of  conveyance,  used  by 
who  resort  to  the  public  thoroughfares  for  a  live- 
lihood. From  the  more  provident  costermonger's 
pony  and  donkey  cart,  to  the  old  rusty  iron  tray 
slung  round  the  neck  by  the  vendor  of  black- 
ing, and  down  to  the  little  grey-eyed  Irish  boy 
with  his  lucifer-matches,  in  the  last  remains  of 
a  willow  hand-basket — the  shape  and  variety  of 
the  means  resorted  to  by  the  costermongers  and 
other  street-sellers,  for  carrying  about  their 
goods,  are  almost  as  manifold  as  the  articles 
they  vend. 

The  pony — or  donkey  —  carts  (and  the  latter 
is  by  far  the  more  usual  beast  of  draught), 
of  the  prosperous  costermongers  are  of  three 
kinds :— the  first  is  of  an  oblong  shape,  with  a 
rail  behind,  upon  which  is  placed  a  tray  filled  with 
bunches  of  greens,  turnips,  celery,  &c.,  whilst 
other  commodities  are  laid  in  the  bed  of  the  cart. 
Another  kind  is  the  common  square  cart  with- 
out springs,  which  is  so  constructed  that  the 
sides,  as  well  as  the  front  and  back,  will  let 
down  and  form  shelves  whereon  the  stoc! 
be  arranged  to  advantage.  The  third  sort  ot 
pony-cart  is  one  of  home  manufacture,  con- 
sisting of  the  framework  of  a  body  without 
sides,  or  front,  or  hind  part.  Sometimes  a  cos- 
ter's barrow  is  formed  into  a  donkey  cart  merely 
by  fastening,  with  cord,  two  rough  poles  to  the 
handles.  All  these  several  kinds  of  carts  are 
used  for  the  conveyance  of  cither  fruit, 
tables,  or  fish ;  but  besides  those,  there  is  the 
salt  and  mustard  vendor's  cart,  with  and  with- 
out the  tilt  or  covering,  and  a  square  piece  of 
tin  (stuck  into  a  block  of  salt),  on  which  i? 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


painted  <;  salt  3  Ibs.  a  penny,"  and  "  mustard 
a  penny  an  ounce  "  Then  tliere  is  the  poultry 
cart,  with  the  wild-ducks,  and  rabbits  dangling 
at  its  sides,  and  with  two  uprights  and  a  cross- 
stick,  upon  which  are  suspended  birds,  &c., 
slung  across  in  couples. 

The   above    conveyances    are   all    of    small 
dimensions,  the  barrows  being  generally  about 
et  long  and  three  wide,  while  the  carts 
are  mostly  about  four  feet  square. 

Every  kind  of  harness  is  used ;  some  is  well 
blacked  and  greased  and  glittering  with  brass, 
others  are  almost  as  grey  with  dust  as  the  donkey 
itself.  Some  of  the  jackasses  are  gaudily  capa- 
risoned in  an  old  carriage-harness,  which  fits  it 
like  a  man's  coat  on  a  boy's  back,  while  the 
plated  silver  ornaments  are  pink,  with  the  cop- 
per showing  through  ;  others  have  rope  traces 
and  bellylbands,  and  not  a  few  indulge  in  old 
cotton  handkerchiefs  for  pads. 

The   next    conveyance  (which,  indeed,  is  the 
most  general)  is  the  costermonger's  hand-bar- 
row.     These   are   very   light   in    their    make, 
prings  terminating   at   the    axle.     Some 
have  rails  behind  for  the  arrangement  of  their 
goods ;  others  have  not     Some  have  side  rails, 
whilst  others  have  only  the  frame-work.     The 
shape  of  these  barrows   is  oblong,   and   sloped 
from  the  hind-part  towards  the  front ;  the  bot- 
tom of  the  bed  is  not  boarded,  but  consists  of 
narrow  strips  of  wood  nailed  athwart  and  across 
"When  the  coster  is  hawking  his  fish,  or  vending 
his    green   stuff,   he   provides    himself   with   a 
wooden  tray,  which  is  placed  upon  his  barrow. 
Those  who  cannot  afford  a  tray  get  some  pieces 
1  and  fasten  them  together,  these  answer- 
ir   purpose   as   well.      Pine-apple    and 
pie  rock  barrows  are  not  unfrequently 
seen  with  small  bright  coloured   flags    at   the 
four  corners,  fluttering  in  the  wind. 

The  knife-cleaner's  barrow,  which  has  lately 

appeared    in  the   streets,  must  not   be   passed 

over  here.    It  consists  of  a  huge  sentry-box,  with 

a  door,  and  is  fixed  upon  two  small  wheels,  being 

propelled  in  the  saint-  heel-barrow. 

•:.<>r  is  one  of  Kent's  Patent  Knife - 

^  Machines,  worked  by  turning  a  handle. 

..••at  barrows. 

:i  whcelbar- 

•ith  a  board  in  front  and  a  ledge  or  shelf, 
i  piece  of  board  nailed  across  the 
the  purpose  of  a 
il  the  heart-. 

.  Bath-brick, 
and  1  . 

:ier  mode  of  conveying  the  goods  through 
•cts,  is  by  baskets  of  various  kinds;    as 
:;<!  oval 
"•hallow,"  fastened  in  front  of  the  fruit-. 

"  prickle."     T  basket, 

ii  a  round  willow  bask* 

low  baskets,  about  foi.r 
hand-basket,  is  the  common   oval   basket,  with 


a  handle  across  to  hang  upon  the  arm ;  trie 
latter  are  generally  used  by  the  Irish  for  onions 
and  apples.  The  prickle  is  a  brown  willow 
basket,  in  which  walnuts  are  imported  into  this 
country  from  the  Continent;  they  are  about 
thirty  'inches  deep,  and  in  bulk  rather  larger 
than  a  gallon  measure ;  they  are  used  only  by 
the  vendors  of  walnuts. 

Such  are  the  principal  forms  of  the  coster- 
mongers'  conveyances ;  but  besides  carts,  bar- 
rows, and  baskets,  there  are  many  other  means 
adopted  by  the  London  street- sellers  for  carrying 
their  goods  from  one  part  of  the  metropolis  to 
another.  The  principal  of  these  are  cans,  trays, 
boxes,  and  poles. 

The  baked  potato-cans  sometimes  are  square 
and  sometimes  oval ;  they  are  made  with  and 
without  legs,  a  lid  fastened  on  with  hinges,  and 
have  a  small  charcoal  fire  fixed  at  the  bottom 
of  the  can,  so  as  to  keep  the  potatoes  hot,  while 
there  is  a  pipe  at  top  to  let  off  the  steam.  On 
one  side  of  the  can  is  a  little  compartment  for  the 
salt,  and  another  on  the  other  side  for  the  butter. 
The  hot  pie-can  is  a  square  tin  can,  standing 
upon  four  legs,  with  a  door  in  front,  and  three 
partitions  inside ;  a  fire  is  kept  in  the  bottom, 
and  the  pies  arranged  in  order  upon  the  iron 
plates  or  shelves.  When  the  pies  at  the  bottom 
are  sufficiently  hot  they  are  taken  out,  and 
placed  on  the  upper  shelf,  whilst  those  above  are 
removed  to  the  lower  compartments,  by  which 
means  all  the  pies  are  kept  "hot  and  hot." 

The  muffin  and  crumpet -boy  carries  his 
articles  in  a  basket,  covered  outside  with  oil- 
cloth and  inside  with  green-baize,  either  at  his 
back,  or  slung  over  his  arm,  and  rings  his  bell 
as  he  walks. 

The  blacking  boy,  congreve-match  and  water- 
cress girl,  use  a  rusty  tray,  spread  over  with 
their  "  goods,"  and  suspended  to  the  neck  by  a 
piece  of  string. 

The  vendors  of  corn-salve,  plating  balls,  soap 
for  removing  grease  spots,  paper,  steel  pens, 
envelopes,  &c.,  carry  their  commodities  in  front 
of  them  in  boxes,  suspended  round  the  neck  by 
a  narrow  leather  strap. 

Rabbits  and  game  are  sometimes  carried  in 

.    and   at  other  times  tied   together  and 

slung  over  a  pole  upon  the  shoulder.     Hat  and 

bonnet-boxes  are  likewise  conveyed  upon  a  pole. 

Door  Lets  and    "  duller' s  "    packs, 

wood     pails,    brushes,    brooms,     clothes-props, 

-lines  and  string,  and  grid-irons,  Dutch- 

-kewers    and    lire  -  shovels,    are  carried 

;e.  shoulder. 

OF  THE  "  SMITHFIELD  RACES." 

IlAMN'i  set  forth  the  costennonger's  usual  mode 
his   goods   through   t1 
.,•   the   read' 

lion  of  the   :  vne  where  and  when  he 

donkeys. 

to  sen  or  buy  a 
•  Smithiield-markct  on 

• -twcen  the  hours 
of  one  and   live,   there   is  a  kind  of  fair  held, 


30 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


attended  .-solely  by  costermongers,  for  whose  con- 
venience a  long  paved  slip  of  ground,  about  eighty 
feet  in  length,  has  been  set  apart.  The  animals 
for  sale  are  trotted  up  and  down  this — the  "  race- 
course," as  it  is  called— and  on  each  side  of  it 
stand  the  spectators  and  purchasers,  crowding 
among  the  stalls  of  peas-soup,  hot  eels,  and  other 
street  delicacies. 

Every  thing  necessary  for  the  starting  of  a 
costermonger's  barrow  can  be  had  in  Smithfield 
on  a  Friday, — from  the  barrow  itself  to  the 
weights — from  the  donkey  to  the  whip.  The 
animals  can  be  purchased  at  prices  ranging  from 
5s.  to  31.  On  a  brisk  market-day  as  many  as 
two  hundred  donkeys  have  been  sold.  The  bar- 
rows for  sale  are  kept  apart  from  the  steeds,  but 
harness  to  any  amount  can  be  found  everywhere, 
in  all  degrees  of  excellence,  from  the  bright 
japanned  cart  saddle  with  its  new  red  pads,  to 
the  old  mouldy  trace  covered  with  buckle  marks. 
Wheels  of  every  size  and  colour,  and  springs  in 
every  stage  of  rust,  are  hawked  about  on  all 
sides.  To  the  usual  noise  and  shouting  of  a 
Saturday  night's  marKet  is  added  the  shrill 
squealing  of  distant  pigs,  the  lowing  of  the 
passing  oxen,  the  bleating  of  sheep,  and  the 
braying  of  donkeys.  The  paved  road  all  down 
the  "  race-course"  is  level  and  soft,  with  the 
mud  trodden  down  between  the  stones.  The 
police-man  on  duty  then-  wears  huge  fishermen's 
or  flushermen's  boots,  reaching  to  their  thighs ; 
and  the  trouser  ends  of  the  costers'  corduroys 
are  black  and  sodden  with  wet  dirt  Every 
variety  of  odour  tills  the  air ;  you  pass  from 
the  stable  smell  that  hangs  about  the  donkeys, 
into  an  atmosphere  of  apples  and  fried  fish,  near 
the  eating-stalls,  while  a  few  paces  further  on 
you  are  nearly  choked  with  the  stench  of  goats. 
The  crowd  of  black  hats,  thickly  dotted  with  red 
and  yellow  plush  caps,  reels  about;  and  the 
"hi-hi-i-i"  of  the  donkey-runners  sounds  on  all 
sides.  Sometimes  a  curly-headed  bull,  with  a 
fierce  red  eye,  on  its  way  to  or  from  the  adjacent 
cattle-market,  comes  trotting  down  the  road, 
making  all  the  visitors  rush  suddenly  to  the 
railings,  for  fear — as  a  coster  near  me  said — of 
"  being  taught  the  hornpipe." 

The  donkeys  standing  for  sale  are  ranged  in 
a  long  line  on  both  sides  of  the  "  race-course," 
their  white  velvetty  noses  resting  on  the  wooden 
rail  they  are  tied  to.  Many  of  them  wear 
their  blinkers  and  head  harness,  and  others  are 
ornamented  with  ribbons,  fastened  in  their  hal- 
ters. The  lookers-on  lean  against  this  railing, 
and  chat  with  the  boys  at  the  donkeys'  heads, 
or  with  the  men  who  stand  behind  them, 
and  keep  continually  hitting  and  shouting  at 
the  poor  still  beasts  to  make  them  prance. 
Sometimes  a  party  of  two  or  three  will  be  seen 
closely  examining  one  of  these  "  Jerusalem 
ponys,"  passing  their  hands  down  its  legs,  or 
looking  quietly  on,  while  the  proprietor's  ash 
stick  descends  on  the  patient  brute's  back, 
making  a  dull  hollow  sound.  As  you  walk  in 
front  of  the  long  line  of  donkeys,  the  lads  seize 
the  animals  by  their  nostrils,  and  show  their 


large  teeth,  asking  if  you  "  want  a  hass,  sir," 
and  all  warranting  the  creature  to  be  "  fite 
years  old  next  buff-day."  Dealers  are  quarrel- 
ling among  themselves,  downcrying  each  other's 
goods.  "  A  hearty  man,"  shouted  one  proprietor, 
pointing  to  his  rival's  stock,  "  could  eat  three 
sich  donkeys  as  yourn  at  a  meal." 

One  fellow,  standing  behind  his  steed,  shouts 
as  he  strikes,  "  Here's  the  real  Brittannia 
mettle  ;"  whilst  another  asks,  "  Who's  for  the 
Pride  of  the  Market  ?"  and  then  proceeds  to  flip 
"the  pride"  with  his  whip,  till  she  clears  away 
the  mob  with  her  kickings.  Here,  standing  by 
its  mother,  will  be  a  shaggy  little  colt,  with  a 
group  of  ragged  boys  fondling  it,  and  lifting  it 
in  their  arms  from  the  ground. 

During  all  this  the  shouts  of  the  drivers  and 
runners  fill  the  air,  as  they  rush  .past  each 
other  n  the  race -course.  Now  a  tall  fellow, 
dragging  a  donkey  after  him,  runs  by  crying, 
as  he  charges  in  amongst  the  mob,  "  Hulloa ! 
Hulloa!  hi!  hi!'  his  mate,  with  his  long  coat- 
tails  flying  in  the  wind,  hurrying  after  and  roar- 
ing, between  his  blows,  "  Keem-up!" 

On  nearly  every  post  are  hung  traces  or 
bridles  ;  and  in  one  place,  on  the  occasion  of  my 
visit,  stood  an  old  collar  with  a  donkey  nibbling 
at  the  straw  that  had  burst  out  Some  of  the 
lads,  in  smock-frocks,  walk  about  with  cart- 
saddles  on  their  heads,  and  crowds  gather 
round  the  trucks,  piled  up  with  a  black  heap 
01  harness  studded  with  brass.  Those  without 
trays  have  spread  out  old  sacks  on  the  ground, 
on  which  are  laid  axle-trees,  bound-up  springs, 
and  battered  carriage- lamps.  There  are  plenty 
of  rusty  nails  and  iron  bolts  to  be  had,  if  a 
barrow  should  want  mending  ;  and  if  the  handles 
are  broken,  an  old  cab -shaft  can  be  bought 
cheap,  to  repair  them. 

In  another  "  race-course,"  opposite  to  the 
donkeys, — the  ponies  are  sold.  These  make  a 
curious  collection,  each  one  showing  what  was 
his  last  master's  whim.  One  has  its  legs  and 
belly  shorn  of  its  hair,  another  has  its  mane 
and  tail  cut  close,  and  some  have  switch  tails, 
muddy  at  the  end  from  their  length.  A  big- 
hipped  black  nag,  with  red  tinsel-like  spots  on 
its  back,  had  its  ears  cut  close,  and  another 
curly-haired  brute  that  was  wet  and  steaming 
with  having  been  shown  off,  had  two  huge 
letters  burnt  into  its  hind- quarters.  Here  the 
clattering  of  the  hoofs  and  the  smacking  ot 
whips  added  to  the  din;  and  one  poor  brute, 
with  red  empty  eye-holes,  and  carrying  its  head 
high  up — as  a  blind  man  does — sent  out  show- 
ers of  sparks  from  its  hoofs  as  it  spluttered  over 
the  stones,  at  each  blow  it  received.  Occasion- 
ally, in  one  part  of  the  pony  market,  there  may 
be  seen  a  crowd  gathered  round  a  nag,  that 
some  one  swears  has  been  stolen  from  him. 

Raised  up  over  tha  heads  of  the  mob  are 
bundles  of  whips,  and  men  push  their  way  past, 
with  their  arms  full  jf  yellow-handled  curry- 
combs ;  whilst,  amongst  other  cries,  is  heard  that 
of  "  Sticks  \d.  each!  sticks — real  smarters." 
At  one  end  of  the  market  the  barrows  for  sale 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


31 


•it  piled  up   one   on    another,   or   filled 

..Id   wheels,    and    some    with   white   un- 

painted  wood,  showing  where  they   have   been 

cl.  Men  are  here  seen  thumping  the 
wooden  trays,  and  trying  the  strength  of  the 
springs  by  leaning  on  them  ;  and  here,  too, 
stood,  on  the  occasion  of  my  visit,  a  ragged 
:  to  sell  his  scales,  now  the 
cherry-season  had  past 

On  all  sides  the  refreshment- barrows  are  sur- 
rounded by  customers.  The  whelk-man  peppers 
his  lots,  and  shouts,  "A  lumping  penn'orth  for  a 
ha'penny,"  and  a  lad  in  a  smock-frock  carries 
two  full  pails  of  milk,  slopping  it  as  he  walks,  and 
••  Ha'penny  a  mug-full,  new  milk  from 
the  ke-ow ! "  The  only  quiet  people  to  be  seen 
are  round  the  peas-soup  stall,  with  their  cups  in 
their  hands ;  and  there  is  a  huge  crowd  cover- 

the  hot-eel  stand,  with  the  steam  rising 
up  in  the  centre.  Baskets  of  sliced  cake,  apples, 
nuts,  and  pine-apple  rock,  block  up  the  path- 
way;  and  long  wicker  baskets  of  live  fowls  hem 
you  in,  round  which  are  grouped  the  costers, 
handling  and  blowing  apart  the  feathers  on  the 
breast. 

OF  THE  DONKEYS  OF  THE  COSTERMONGERS. 
THE  costermongers  almost  universally  treat 
their  donkeys  with  kindness.  Many  a  coster- 
monger  will  resent  the  ill-treatment  of  a 
donkey,  as  he  would  a  personal  indignity. 
These  animals  are  often  not  only  favourites,  but 
pets,  having  their  share  of  the  costermonger's 
dinner  when  bread  forms  a  portion  of  it,  or 
pudding,  or  anything  suited  to  the  palate  of  the 
brute.  Those  well-used,  manifest  fondness  for 
: Manageable;  it  is, 

however,  difficult  to  get  an  ass,  whose  master 
gular  rounds,  away  from  its  stable  for 
any  second  labour  during  the  day,  unless  it  has 
fed  and  slept  in  the  interval.  The  usual  fare 
of  a  donkey  is  a  peck  of  chaff,  which  costs  Id., 
a  quart  of  oats  and  a  quart  of  beans,  each 
averaging  IJrf.,  and  sometimes  a  pcm 
of  hay,  being  an  expenditure  of  -Id.  or  5<l. 
a  day;  but  some  give  double  this  quantity  in  n 
prosperous  time.  Only  one  meal  a  day  i 

<  ostcrmongers  told  me,  that  their  di 
lived  well  when  •  :ves  lived  well. 

"  It's  all  nonsense  to  call  donkeys  stupid," 
•  rmongcr  to  me ;  "  them's  stupid  that 
calls  ih  •  ^  since 

I  work 
boy.     Jack  (the  donkey)  was 

'if  the  lights 
<  n   like 

one  o'clock,  he  did  indeed  !  just  as  if  1; 
it  was  London  besides  teeing  it,  and  ! 
was  at  home.  Ht  h.i<;  in  the 

;  .  and  the  fresh  grass 

Rave  .1  i   green 

i,    .• 

with  a   lad  when 


he's  away  with  one  in  the  country;  he's  very 
useful.  I  feed  my  donkey  well.  I  sometimes 
give  him  a  carrot  for  a  luxury,  but  carrots  are 
dear  now.  He's  fond  of  mashed  potatoes,  and 
has  many  a  good  mash  when  I  can  buy  them  at 
4lb.  a  penny." 

"  There  was  a  friend  of  mine,"  said  another 
man,  "had  great  trouble  about  his  donkey  a 
few  months  back.  I  saw  part  of  it,  and  knew 
all  about  it.  He  was  doing  a  little  work  on  .1 
Sunday  morning  at  "Wamlsv.orth,  and  the  pooi 
thing  fell  down  dead.  He  was  very  fond  of  hia 
donkey  and  kind  to  it,  and  the  donkey  was  very 
fond  of  him.  He  thought  he  wouldn't  leave 
the  poor  creature  he'd  had  a  good  while,  and 
had  been  out  with  in  all  weathers,  by  the  road 
side  ;  so  he  dropped  all  notion  of  doing  business, 
and  with  help  got  the  poor  dead  thing  into  his 
cart;  its  head  lolloping  over  the  end  of  the 
cart,  and  its  poor  eyes  staring  at  nothing. 
He  thought  he'd  drag  it  home  and  bury  it 
somewheres.  It  wasn't  for  the  value  he  dragged 
it,  for  what's  a  dead  donkey  worth  ?  There 
was  a  few  persons  about  him,  and  they  was  all 
quiet  and  seemed  sorry  for  the  poor  fellow  and 
for  his  donkey;  but  the  church-bells  struck  up, 
and  up  came  a  '  crusher,'  and  took  the  man  up, 
and  next  day  he  was  fined  10s.,  I  can't  exactly 
say  for  what  He  never  saw  no  more  of  the 
animal,  and  lost  his  stock  as  well  as  his 
donkey." 

OP  THE  COSTERMONGERS'  CAPITAL. 
THE  costermongers,  though  living  by  buying 
and  selling,  are  seldom  or  never  capitalists.  It 
is  estimated  that  not  more  than  one-fourth  of  the 
entire  body  trade  upon  their  own  property. 
Some  borrow  their  stock  money,  others  borrow 
the  stock  itself,  others  again  borrow  the  donkey- 
carts,  barrows,  or  baskets,  in  which  their  stock 
is  carried  round,  whilst  others  borrow  even  the 
weights  and  measures  by  which  it  is  meted  out. 

The  reader,  however  uninformed  he  m.-v 
to  the  price  the  poor  usually  have  to  pay  for  any 
.uirc,  dnul  not  be 

told  that  the  remuneration  exacted  for  t] 
of  the  above-named  commodities  is  not  merely 
confined  to  t:  ntiim  per  annum"; 

still   many  of  even   the   mo>t   "km 
hardly  be  able  to  credit  the  fact  that  the  ordi- 

noney- 
..  or  no 
•i  !()!()/.  a  y 
Hut  the  iniquity  of  t!; 

t  so  much  by  tli. 

the   poor  people  whom 

either  \\i 
DMMW8)    ;i*   the   c:ise   may  be      W<    c   n    i«.ul;!v 

have  as  often  to  JM\  too  nr,. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Premising  thus  much,  I  shall  now  proceed  to 
describe  the  terms  upon  which  the  barrow,  the 
cart,  the  basket,  the  weights,  the  measures,  the 
stock-money,  or  the  stock,  is  usually  advanced 
to  the  needy  costermongers  by  their  more 
thrifty  brethren. 

The  hire  of  a  barrow  is  3d.  a  day,  or  Is.  a 
week,  for  the  six  winter  months ;  and  4d.  a  day, 
or  Is.  Gd.  a  week,  for  the  six  summer  months. 
Some  are  to  be  had  rather  lower  in  the  summer, 
but  never  for  less  than  4d. — sometimes  for  not  less 
than  6d.  on  a  Saturday,  when  not  unfrequently 
every  barrow  in  London  is  hired.  No  security 
and  no  deposit  is  required,  but  the  lender  satis- 
fies himself  that  the  borrower  is  really  what  lie 
represents  himself  to  be.  I  am  informed  that 
/>,000  hired  barrows  are  now  in  the  hands  of  the 
London  costermongers,  at  an  average  rental  of 
SI.  5s.  each,  or  16,250/.  a  year.  One  man  lets 
out  120  yearly,  at  a  return  (dropping  the  5s.)  of 
3(')0l. ;  while  the  cost  of  a  good  barrow,  new,  is 
21.  12s.,  and  in  the  autumn  and  winter  they  may 
be  bought  new,  or  "  as  good  as  new,"  at  30s. 
each  ;  so  that  reckoning  each  to  cost  this  barrow- 
letter  21.  —  he  receives  3607.  rent  or  interest 
— exactly  150  per  cent,  per  annum  for  pro- 
perty which  originally  cost  but  240/.,  and 
property  which  is  still  as  good  for  the  ensuing 
year's  business  as  for  the  past.  One  man  has 
rented  a  barrow  for  eight  years,  during  which  pe- 
riod lie  lias  paid  26/.  for  what  in  the  first  instance 
did  not  cost  more  than  twice  as  many  shillings, 
and  which  he  must  return  if  he  discontinues  its 
use.  "  I  know  men  well  to  do,"  said  an  intelligent 
costermonger,  "who  have  paid  Is.  and  Is.  Gd. 
a  week  for  a  barrow  for  three,  four,  and  five 
years;  and  they  can't  be  made  to  understand 
that  it's  rather  high  rent  for  what  might  cost 
•10s.  at  first.  They  can't  see  they  are  losers. 
One  barrow-lender  sends  his  son  out,  mostly  on 
a  Sunday,  collecting  his  rents  (for  barrows),  but 
he's  not  a  hard  man."  Some  of  the  lenders 
complain  that  their  customers  pay  them  irregu- 
larly and  cheat  them  often,  and  that  in  conse- 
quence they  must  charge  high ;  while  the 
"  borrowers"  declare  that  it  is  very  seldom  indeed 
that  a  man  "shirks"  the  rent  for  his  barrow, 
generally  believing  that  he  has  made  an  advan- 
tageous bargain,  and  feeling  the  want  of  his 
vehicle,  if  he  lose  it  temporarily.  Let  the 
lenders,  however,  be  deceived  by  many,  still,  it 
is  evident,  that  the  rent  charged  for  barrows  is 
most  exorbitant,  by  the  fact,  that  all  who  take 
to  the  business  become  men  of  considerable 
property  in  a  few  years. 

Donkey-carts  are  rarely  hired.  "  If  there's 
2,000  donkey  and  pony-carts  in  London,  more 
or  less,  not  200  of  them's  borrowed;  but  of 
barrows  five  to  two  is  borrowed."  A  donkey- 
cart  costs  from  21.  to  10/. ;  3/.  10s.  being  an 
average  price.  The  hire  is  2s.  or  2s.  Gd.  a.  week. 
The  harness  costs  21.  10s.  new,  but  is  bought, 
nineteen  times  out  of  twenty,  second-hand,  at 
from  2s.  6d.  to  20s.  *he  donkeys  themselves 
are  not  let  out  on  hire,  though  a  costermonger 
may  let  out  his  donkey  to  another  in  the  trade 


when  he  does  not  require  its  services ;  the  usual 
sum  paid  for  the  hire  of  a  donkey  is  2s.  Gd.  or 
3s.  per  week.  The  cost  price  of  a  pony  varies 
from  51.  to  13/. ;  that  of  a  donkey  from  11.  to  3/. 
There  may  be  six  donkeys,  or  more,  in  coster- 
monger use,  to  one  pony.  Some  traffic  almost 
weekly  in  these  animals,  liking  the  excitement 
of  such  business. 

The  repairs  to  barrows,  carts,  and  harness  are 
almost  always  effected  by  the  costermongers 
themselves. 

"  Shallows"  (baskets)  which  cost  Is.  and  Is.  6d., 
are  let  out  at  Id.  a.  day ;  but  not  five  in  100  of 
those  in  use  are  borrowed,  as  their  low  price 
places  them  at  the  costermonger' s  command. 
A  pewter  quart-pot,  for  measuring  onions,  &c., 
is  let  out  at  2d.  a  day,  its  cost  being  2s.  Scales 
are  2d.,  and  a  set  of  weights  Id.  a  day. 

Another  common  mode  of  usury  is  in  the 
lending  of  stock-money.  This  is  lent  by  the 
costermongers  who  have  saved  the  means  for 
such  use  of  their  funds,  and  by  beer-shop 
keepers.  The  money-lending  costermongers 
are  the  most  methodical  in  their  usury — 
1.010/.  per  cent,  per  annum,  as  was  before 
stated,  being  the  rate  of  interest  usually  charged. 
It  is  seldom  that  a  lower  sum  than  10s  is  bor 
rowed,  and  never  a  higher  sum  than  21.  When 
a  stranger  applies  for  a  loan,  the  money-lender 
satisfies  himself  as  I  have  described  of  the  bar- 
row-lender. He  charges  2d.  a  day  for  a  loan 
•/. ;  3rf.  a  day  for  5s. ;  Gd.  a  day  for  10s. ; 
and  Is.  a  day  for  I/.  If  the  daily  payments  are 
rendered  regularly,  at  a  month's  end  the  terms 
are  reduced  to  6d.  a  week  for  5s.;  Is.  for  10s.  ; 
and  2s.  for  I/.  "That's  reckoned  an  extraor- 
dinary small  interest,"  was  said  to  me,  "  only 
•Id.  a  day  for  a  pound."  The  average  may  be  3*. 
a  week  for  the  loan  of  20s. ;  it  being  only  to  a 
few  that  a  larger  sum  than  20s.  is  lent.  "  I  paid 
2s.  a  week  for  I/,  for  a  whole  year,"  said  one 
man,  "  or  51.  4s.  for  the  use  of  a  pound,  and  then 
I  was  liable  to  repay  the  II."  The  principal, 
however,  is  seldom  repaid ;  nor  does  the  lender 
seem  to  expect  it,  though  he  will  occasionally 
demand  it.  One  money-lender  is  considered  to 
have  a  floating  capital  of  150/.  invested  in  loans 
to  costermongers.  If  he  receive  2s.  per  week  per 
II.  for  but  twenty-six  weeks  in  the  year  (and  he 
often  receives  it  for  the  fifty-two  weeks) — Ins 
1.30/.  brings  him  in  3!)0/.  a  year. 

Sometimes  a  loan  is  effected  only  for  a  day, 
generally  a  Saturday,  as  much  as  2s.  Gd.  being 
sometimes  given  for  the  use  of  5s. ;  the  5s.  being 
of  course  repaid  in  the  evening. 

The  money-lenders  are  subject  to  at  least 
twice  the  extent  of  loss  to  which  the  barrow- 
lender  is  exposed,  as  it  is  far  oftener  that  money 
is  squandered  (on  which  of  course  no  interest 
can  be  paid)  than  that  a  barrow  is  disposed  of. 

The  money-lenders,  (from  the  following  state- 
ment, made  to  me  by  one  who  was  in  the  habit 
of  borrowing,)  pursue  their  business  in  a  not 
very  dissimilar  manner  to  that  imputed  to  those 
who  advance  larger  sums : — "  If  I  want  to  bor- 
row in  a  hurry,"  said  my  informant,  "  as  I  may 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


TIIF,  OYSTER  STALL. 

"Penny  .»  '  IVnny  a  lot!" 


.  3 


LOXDOS  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


hoar  of  a  good  bargain,  I  run  to  my  neighbour 

L 's,  and  he  first  says  he  hasn't  20s.  to  lend, 

and  his  wife's  by,  and  she  says  she  hasn't  2s.  in 
her  pocket,  and  so  I  can't  be  accommodated. 
Then  he  says  if  I  must  have  the  money  he'll 
have  to  pawn  his  watch, — or  to  borrow  it  of  Mr. 

,  (an  innkeeper)  who  would  charge  a  deal 

of  interest,  for  he  wasn't  paid  all  he  lent  two 
months  back,  and  Is.  would  be  expected  to  be 

spent  in  drink — though  L dun' t  drink — or  he 

must  try  if  his  sister  would  trust  him,  but  she  was 
sick  and  wanted  all  her  money — or  perhaps  his 
barrow-merchant  would  lend  him  10s.,  if  he'd 
undertake  to  return  15s.  at  night ;  and  it  ends  by 
my  thinking  I've  done  pretty  well  if  I  can  get 
II.  for  5s.  interest,  for  a  day's  use  of  it" 

The  beer-shop  keepers  lend  on  far  easier 
terms,  perhaps  at  half  the  interest  exacted  by 
the  others,  and  without  any  regular  system  of 
charges;  but  they  look  sharp  after  the  repay- 
ment, and  expect  a  considerable  outlay  in  beer, 
and  will  only  lend  to  good  customers ;  they  how- 
ever have  even  lent  money  without  interest. 

"In  the  depth  of  last  winter,"  said  a  man  of 
good  character  to  me,  "  I  borrowed  5s.  The 
beer-shop  keeper  wouldn't  lend ;  he'll  rather 
lend  to  men  doing  well  and  drinking.  But  I 
borrowed  it  at  6rf.  a  day  interest,  and  that  6d. 
a  day  I  paid  exactly  four  weeks,  Sundays  and 
all ;  and  that  was  Ids.  in  thirty  days  for  the  use 
of  5t.  I  was  half  starving  all  the  time,  and  then 
I  had  a  slice  of  luck,  and  paid  the  5s.  back  slap, 
and  got  out  of  it." 

Many  shopkeepers  lend  money  to  the  stall- 
keepers,  whom  they  know  from  standing  near 
their  premises,  and  that  without  interest.  They 
generally  lend,  however,  to  the  women,  as  they 
think  the  men  want  to  get  drunk  with  it. 
"  Indeed,  if  it  wasn't  for  the  women,"  said  a 
costermonger  to  me,  "  half  of  us  might  go  to 
the  Union." 

Another  mode  of  usurious  lending  or  trading 
is,  as  I  said  before,  to  provide  the  costermonger 
— not  with  the  stock-money — but  with  the  stock 
itself.     This  mode  also  is  highly  profitable  to 
the  usurer,  who  is  usually  a  costermonger,  but 
i  greengrocer.    A  stock  of  fruit,  fish, 
h  a  barrow  for  its  conveyance, 
i    to  a  street- seller,    the  usual  way 
l>eing  to  "let  him   have  a  sovereign's  worth." 
.  however,  at  the  market  cost, 
rarely  ex  coeds  14*.,  still  the  man  entrusted  with 
it  miiht  carry  20*.   to  his  creditor,  or  he  will 
hardly   be  misted   a   second    time.     The   man 
who    tra.les    with    the    stock    is    not    required 
v  the  20j.  on  the  ftm  day  of  the  transac- 
ts  he   may  not    have    realised    so    much, 
.i?    must   pay  some  of  it.   generally   10*., 
and  must  pay  the  remainder  the  next 

r  will  decline  any  subsequent 

ay  be  thought,  a*  no  security  is  given, 
and  as  the  costennongering  barrow,  s- 

••H  to  law  for  the  recovery 

>   debt  or  goods,  that  the  per  centage  is 

•  cry  exorbitant  after  all     But  I  ascer- 


tained that  not  once  in  twenty  times  was  th« 
noney  lender  exposed  to  any  loss  by  the  non- 
jayrrent  of  his  usurious  interest,  while  hii 
profits  are  enormous.  The  borrower  knowi 
hat  if  he  fail  in  his  payment,  the  lender  will 
acquaint  the  other  members  of  his  fraternity, 
so  that  no  future  loan  will  be  attainable,  and 
the  costermonger' s  business  may  be  at  an  end. 
3ne  borrower  told  me  that  the  re-payment  ol 
lis  loan  of  21.,  borrowed  two  years  ago  at  Ac.  a 
week,  had  this  autumn  been  reduced  to  2s.  6d. 
a  week:  "He's  a  decent  man  I  pay  now,"  he 
said  ;  "  he  has  twice  forgiven  me  a  month  at  a 
time  when  the  weather  was  very  bad  and  the 
times  as  bad  as  the  weather.  Before  I  borrowed 

of  him  I  had  dealings  with .     He  was  a 

scurf.  If  I  missed  a  week,  and  told  him  I 
would  make  it  up  next  week,  '  That  won't  do,' 

tae'd  say,  '  I'll  turn  you  up.     I'll  take  d d 

2;ood  care  to  stop  you.  /'//  have  you  to  rights.' 
If  I  hadn't  satisfied  him,  as  I  did  at  last,  1 
could  never  have  got  credit  again  ;  never."  I 
am  informed  that  most  of  the  money-lenders, 
if  a  man  has  paid  for  a  year  or  so,  will  now 
"  drop  it  for  a  month  or  so  in  a  very  hard-up 
time,  and  go  on  again."  There  is  no  I.O.U. 
or  any  numorandum  given  to  the  usurer. 
"  There's  never  a  slip  of  paper  about  it,  sir," 
1  was  told. 

I  may  add  that  a  very  intelligent  man  from 
whom  I  derived  information,  said  to  me  con- 
cerning costermongers  never  going  to  law  to 
recover  money  owing  to  them,  nor  indeed  for 
any  purpose :  "  If  any  one  steals  anything  from 
me — and  that,  as  far  as  I  know,  never  happened 
but  once  in  ten  years — and  I  catch  him,  I  take 
it  out  of  him  on  the  spot  I  give  him  a  jolly 
good  hiding  and  there's  an  end  of  it  I  know 
very  well,  sir,  that  costers  are  ignorant  men,  but 
in  :ny  opinion"  (laughing)  "our  never  going 
to  law  shows  that  in  that  point  we  are  in 
advance  of  the  aristocrats.  I  never  heard  of  a 
coster  in  a  law  court,  unless  he  was  in  trouble 
(charged  with  some  offence) — for  assaulting  a 
crusher,  or  anybody  he  had  quarrelled  with,  or 
something  of  that  kind." 

The  barrow-lender,  when  not  regularly  paid, 
sends  some  one,  or  goes  himself,  and  carries 
away  the  barrow. 

My    personal   H  \-ith    this    peculiar 

class  justifies  me  in  saying  that  they   are  far 
less  dishonest  than  they  are  usually  he! 
be,  and  much  more  honest  than  their  wandering 
their  want  of  education  and  "  prineiple  " 
would  lead  even  the   most  charitable  to  suppose. 
I   have  exhibited  an   inteiest  in  the  suH'er- 
ings   and   privations  of  these  nr.u'l, 

,  as  the  reader  may  readily  ima;: 


Applications   for  assistance,  and    v> 

I    may   say,   that  as   far  as 
my    limited    lesources   would  I     have 


striven  to  extricate  the  street-sellers  from  the 
grasp  of  the  u Hirer.  Some  to  whom  I  have 
U-nt  small  sums  (for  gifts  only  degrade  strug- 
gling honest  mm  into  the  apathy  of  beggars) 
ken  the  mone«-  with  many  a  protest* 


36 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


lion  that  they  would  repay  it  in  certain  weekly 
instalments,  which  they  themselves  proposed,  but 
Btill  have  never  made  their  appearance  before 
me  a  second  time — it  may  be  from  dishonesty 
and  it  may  be  from  inability  and  shame  — 
Others,  however,  and  they  are  not  a  few,  have 
religiously  kept  faith  with  me,  calling  punctu- 
ally to  pay  back  a  sixpence  or  a  shilling  as  the 
precariousness  of  their  calling  would  permit, 
and  doing  this,  though  they  knew  that  I  abjured 
all  claims  upon  them  but  through  their  honour, 
and  was,  indeed,  in  most  cases,  ignorant  where 
to  find  them,  even  if  my  inclination  led  me  to 
seek  or  enforce  a  return  of  the  loan.  One  case 
of  this  kind  shows  so  high  a  sense  of  honour 
among  a  class,  generally  considered  to  rank 
among  the  most  dishonourable,  that,  even  at  the 
risk  of  being  thought  egotistical,  I  will  mention 
it  here:  — "  Two  young  men,  street-sellers, 
called  upon  me  and  begged  hard  for  the  loan  of 
a  little  stock-money.  They  made  needle-cases 
and  hawked  them  from  door  to  door  at  the  east 
end  of  the  town,  and  had  not  the  means  of  buy- 
ing the  wood.  I  agreed  to  let  them  have  ten 
shillings  between  them ;  this  they  promised  to 
repay  at  a  shilling  a  week.  They  were  utter 
strangers  to  me;  nevertheless,  at  the  end  of  the 
first  week  one  shilling  of  the  sum  was  duly 
returned.  The  second  week,  however,  brought 
no  shilling,  nor  did  the  third,  nor  the  fourth,  by 
which  time  I  got  to  look  upon  the  money  as 
lost ;  but  at  the  end  of  the  fifth  week  one  of  the 
men  called  with  his  sixpence,  and  told  me  how 
he  should  have  been  with  me  before  but  his 
mate  had  promised  each  week  to  meet  him  with 
his  sixpence,  and  each  week  disappointed  him  ; 
so  he  had  come  on  alone.  I  thanked  him,  and 
the  next  week  he  came  again  ;  so  he  did  the 
next,  and  the  next  after  that  On  the  latter 
occasion  he  told  me  that  in  five  more  weeks  he 
should  have  paid  off'  his  half  of  the  amount 
advanced,  and  that  then,  as  he  had  come  with 
the  other  man,  he  would  begin  paying  off  his 
share  as  well !" 

Those  who  are  unacquainted  with  the  charac- 
ter of  the  people  may  feel  inclined  to  doubt  the 
trustworthiness  of  the  class,  but  it  is  an  extraor- 
dinary fact  that  but  few  of  the  costermongers 
fail  to  repay  the  money  advanced  to  them,  even 
at  the  present  ruinous  rate  of  interest.  The 
poor,  it  is  my  belief,  have  not  yet  been  suffi- 
ciently tried  in  this  respect; — pawnbrokers,  loan- 
offices,  tally-shops,  dolly-shops,  are  the  only 
parties  who  will  trust  them — but,  as  a  startling 
proof  of  the  good  faith  of  the  humbler  classes 
generally,  it  may  be  stated  that  Mrs.  Chisholm 
(the  lady  who  has  exerted  herself  so  benevolently 
in  the  cause  of  emigration)  has  lent  out,  at  diffe- 
rent times,  as  much  as  160,000/.  that  has  been 
entrusted  to  her  for  the  use  of  the  "  lower 
orders,"  and  that  the  whole  of  this  large  amount 
has  been  returned — with  the  exception  of  I'll. ! 

I  myself  have  often  given  a  sovereign 
to  professed  thieves  to  get  "  changed,"  and 
r.ever  knew  one  to  make  off  with  the  money. 
Vepend  upon  it,  if  we  would  really  improve, 


we  must  begin  by  elevating  instead  of  de» 
grading. 

OF  THE  "SLANG"  WEIGHTS  AND  MEASURES. 
ALL  counterfeit  weights  and  measures,  the 
costermongers  call  by  the  appropriate  name  of 
"  slang."  "  There  are  not  half  so  many 
slangs  as  there  was  eighteen  months  ago," 
said  a  '  general  dealer '  to  me.  "  You  see, 
sir,  the  letters  in  the  Morning  Chronicle  set 
people  a  talking,  and  some  altered  their  way  of 
business.  Some  was  very  angry  at  what  was 
said  in  the  articles  on  the  street-sellers,  and 
swore  that  costers  was  gentlemen,  and  that 
they'd  smash  the  men's  noses  that  had  told 
you,  sir,  if  they  knew  who  they  were.  There's 
plenty  of  costers  wouldn't  use  slangs  at  all,  if 
people  would  give  a  fair  price ;  but  you  see 
the  boys  will  try  it  on  for  their  bunts,  and  how 
is  a  man  to  sell  fine  cherries  at  4rf.  a  pound 
that  cost  him  3$d.,  when  there's  a  kid  along- 
side of  him  a  selling  his  '  tol'  at  Id.  a  pound,  and 
singing  it  out  as  bold  as  brass?  So  the  men 
slangs  it,  and  cries  '  2d.  a  pound,'  and  gives 
half-pound,  as  the  boy  does;  which  brings  it  to 
the  same  thing.  We  doesn't  'dulterate  our 
goods  like  the  tradesmen — that  is,  the  regular 
hands  doesn't.  It  wouldn't  be  easy,  as  you  say, 
to  '(Illiterate  cabbages  or  oysters;  but  we  deals 
t';iir  to  all  that's  fair  to  us, — and  that's  more 
than  many  a  tradesman  does,  for  all  their 
juries." 

The  slang  quart  is  a  pint  and  a  half.  It  is 
made  precisely  like  the  proper  quart ;  and  the 
maker,  I  was  told,  "  knows  well  enough  what  it's 
for,  as  it's  charged,  new,  Gd.  more  than  a  true 
quart  measure;  but  it's  nothing  to  him,  as  he 
says,  what  it's  for,  so  long  as  he  gets  his  price." 
The  slang  quart  is  let  out  at  Id.  a  day — 1  d.  extra 
being  charged  "  for  the  risk."  The  slang  pint 
holds  in  some  cases  three- fourths  of  the  just 
quantity,  having  a  very  thick  bottom  ;  others 
hold  only  half  a  pint,  having  a  false  bottom 
half-way  up.  These  are  used  chiefly  in  mea- 
suring nuts,  of  which  the  proper  quantity  is 
hardly  ever  given  to  the  purchaser;  "  but,  then," 
it  was  often  said,  or  implied  to  me,  the  "  price  is 
all  the  lower,  and  people  just  brings  it  on  them- 
selves, by  wanting  things  for  next  to  nothing ; 
so  it's  all  right ;  it's  people's  own  faults."  The 
hire  of  the  slang  pint  is  2rf.  per  day. 

The  scales  used  are  almost  all  true,  but  the 
weights  are  often  beaten  out  flat  to  look  large, 
and  are  4,  5,  6,  or  even  7  oz.  deficient  in  a  pound, 
and  in  the  same  relative  proportion  with  other 
weights.  The  charge  is  Id.,  3d.,  and  4rf.  a  day 
for  a  pair  of  scales  and  a  set  of  slang  weights. 

The  wooden  measures — such  as  pecks,  half 
pecks,  and  quarter  pecks — are  not  let  out  slang, 
but  the  bottoms  are  taken  out  by  the  costers,  and 
put  in  again  half  an  inch  or  so  higher  up.  "  I 
call  this,"  said  a  humorous  dealer  tn  me.  "  si  >p- 
work,  or  the  cutting-system." 

One  candid  costermonger  expressed  his  per- 
fect contempt  of  slangs,  as  fit  only  for  bunglers, 
as  he  could  always  "  wo~k  slang"  with  a  tru* 


LONDON  L.I  SOUR  ^A'D  THE  LONDON  PO01L 


37 


measure.  "  Why.  I  can  cheat  any  man,"  he 
said.  "  I  can  manage  to  measure  mussels  so 
as  you'd  think  you  got  a  lot  over,  but  there's 
a  lot  under  measure,  for  I  \iolds  them  up  with 
my  fingers  and  keep  cry.ag,  '  .Mussels!  full 
measure,  live  mussels  ! '  I  can  do  the  same 
with  peas.  I  delight  to  do  it  with  stingy  aris- 
tocrats. We  don't  work  slang  in  the  City. 
People  know  what  they're  a  buying  on  there. 
There's  plenty  of  us  would  pay  for  an  inspector 
of  weights ;  I  would.  We  might  do  fair  with- 
out an  inspector,  and  make  as  much  if  we  only 
agreed  one  with  another." 

In  conclusion,  it  is  but  just  I  should  add  that 
there  seems  to  be  a  strong  disposition  on  the 
part  of  the  more  enlightened  of  the  class  to 
adopt  the  use  of  fair  weights  and  measures ;  and 
that  even  among  the  less  scrupulous  portion  of 
the  body,  short  allowance  si-ems  to  be  given 
chiefly  from  a  desire  to  be  even  with  a  "  scaly 
customer."  The  coster  makes  it  a  rule  never 
to  refuse  an  offer,  and  if  people  will  give  him 
less  than  what  he  considers  his  proper  price, 
why — he  gives  them  less  than  their  proper  quan- 
tity. As  a  proof  of  the  growing  honesty  among 
this  class,  many  of  the  better  disposed  have  re- 
cently formed  themselves  into  a  society,  the 
members  of  which  are  (one  and  all)  pledged  not 
only  to  deal  fairly  with  their  customers,  but  to 
compel  all  other  street- sellers  to  do  the  same. 
With  a  view  of  distinguishing  themselves  to  the 
public,  they  have  come  to  the  resolution  of  wear- 
ing a  medal,  on  which  shall  be  engraved  a  par- 
ticular number,  so  that  should  any  imposition 
be  practised  by  anv  of  their  body,  th?  public 
will  have  the  opportunity  of  complaining  to  the 
Committee  of  the  Association,  and  having  the 
individual  (if  guilty)  immediately  expelled  from 
the  society. 

OF  HALF  PROFITS. 

i  s  the  modes  of  trading  on  borrowed 
cnpital  above  described,  there  is  still  another 
means  of  obtaining  stock  prevalent  among  the 
London  costermongers.  It  is  a  common  prac- 
tice with  some  of  the  more  provident  coster- 
mongers,  who  buy  more  largely — for  the  sake 

ing  cheaply — than  is  required  for  the 
supply  of  their  own  customers,  to  place  goods 
in  the  hands  of  young  men  who  are  unable 
to  buy  goods  on  their  own  account,  "on  half 

."    a*   it    is   called.     The    man    adopting 
this  means  of  doing  a  more  extrusive.-  \>\. 
says   to   any   poor   fellow   willing   to  work   on 

UlOSe    t  f    vrpi-tahle- 

to  cam  :,<!  the  profit  on  them  will  be 

2*.  ;  you  sell   them,  and  half  is  for  y«> 
an    wll*   t.1.  .  ugly;    if  I 

•   -I   profit,  his 

list    still    I  if  the 

<vc  that  on 

that  t;  /,  r  capitalist,  as  he  i 

always,  to  UK- 

>   the   Profitable   side  of 

Boy»  are  less  frequently  employed  on  half- 


profits  than  young  men  ;  and  I  am  assured  that 
instances  of  these  young  men  wronging  their 
employers  are  hardly  ever  known. 

OF  THE  BOYS  OF  THE  COSTERMONGERS, 
AND  THEIR  BuNTS. 

BUT  there  are  still  other  "agents"  among  the 
costermongers,  and  these  are  the  "boys"  de- 
puted to  sell  a  man's  goods  for  a  certain  sum, 
all  over  that  amount  being  the  boys'  profit 
or  "bunts."  Almost  every  costermonger  who 
trades  through  the  streets  with  his  barrow  is 
accompanied  by  a  boy.  The  ages  of  these  lads 
vary  from  ten  to  sixteen,  there  are  few  above 
sixteen,  for  the  lads  think  it  is  then  high  time 
for  them  to  start  on  their  own  account.  These 
boys  are  useful  to  the  man  in  "  calling,'* 
their  shrill  voices  being  often  more  audible  than 
the  loudest  pitch  of  an  adult's  lungs.  Many 
persons,  moreover,  I  am  assured,  prefer  buying 
of  a  boy,  believing  that  if  the  lad  did  not  suc- 
ceed in  selling  his  goods  he  would  be  knocked 
about  when  he  got  home ;  others  think  that  they 
are  safer  in  a  boy's  hands,  and  less  likely  to  be 
cheated ;  these,  however,  are  equally  mistaken 
notions.  The  boys  also  are  useful  in  pushing  at 
the  barrow,  or  in  drawing  it  along  by  tugging  at  a 
rope  in  front.  Some  of  them  are  the  sons  of  the 
costermongers;  some  go  round  to  the  coster- 
mongers'  abodes  and  say  :  "  Will  you  want  me 
to-morrow?"  "Shall  I  come  and  give  you  a 
lift  ?"  The  parents  of  the  lads  thus  at  large  are, 
when  they  have  parents,  either  unable  to  sup- 
port them,  or,  if  able,  prefer  putting  their  money 
to  other  uses,  (such  as  drinking)  ;  and  so  the  lada 
have  to  look  out  for  themselves,  or,  as  they  say. 
"  pick  up  a  few  halfpence  and  a  bit  of  grub  as 
we  can."  Such  lads,  however,  are  the  smallest 
class  of  costeimongering  youths ;  and  are  some- 
times called  "cas'alty  boys,"  or  "nippers." 

The  boys— and  nearly  the  whole  of  them— 
soon  become  very  quick,  and  grow  masters  of 
slang,  in  from  six  weeks  to  two  or  three  months. 
"  I  suppose,"  said  one  man  familiar  with  their 
character,  "  they'd  learn  French  as  soon,  if  they 
was  thrown  into  the  way  of  it.  They  must 
learn  slang  to  live,  and  as  they  have  to  wait  at 
markets  every  now  and  then,  from  one  hour  to 
six,  they  associate  one  with  another  and  carry 
on  conversations  in  slang  about  the  "  penny  gatl's" 
(theatres),  criticising  the  actors  ;  or  may  be  they 
pieman,  it'  they've  got  any  ha'pence, 
or  else  they  chart'  the  passers  by.  The  older 
ones  may  talk  about  their  sweethearts;  but 
they  always  speak  of  them  by  the  name  of 
'  nammow*  (^irls). 

"  The  boys  are  severe  critics  too  (continued 
my  informant)  on   dancing.       1    heard  cne  say 
.ei  ;    '  What  do   you   think   of   Johnny 
Millieenfs  new  step  .''  for" they  always  recognise 
a  new  hti-p,  or  they  discuss  the  female  «i 
legs,    and   not   very    decently.      At    other    limes 
vs  discuss  the  merit*  or  dements  of  their 
•  is   them    lu-y-t.      I     have 
'.  iiint   I'.oh 

bread  and  cheese!'     Another  a.Med  ;  '  /' 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


steak  and  beer,  aod  I've  the  use  of  Bill's,  (the 
master's)  'baccy  box.'  " 

Some  of  these  lads  are  paid  by  the  day, 
generally  from  2d.  or  3d.  and  their  food,  and  as 
much  fruit  as  they  think  fit  to  eat,  as  by  that 
they  soon  get  sick  of  it.  They  generally  carry 
home  fruit  in  their  pockets  for  their  playmates, 
or  brothers,  or  sisters  ;  the  costermongers  allow 
this,  if  they  are  satisfied  that  the  pocketing 
is  not  for  sale.  Some  lads  are  engaged  by 
the  week,  having  from  1*.  to  1*.  6d.,  and  their 
food  when  out  with  their  employer.  Their 
lodging  is  found  only  in  a  few  cases,  and  then 
they  sleep  in  the  same  room  with  their  master  and 
mistress.  Of  master  or  mistress,  however,  they 
never  speak,  but  of  Jack  and  Bet.  They  behave 
respectfully  to  the  women,  who  are  generally 
kind  to  them.  They  soon  desert  a  very  surly 
or  stingy  master  ;  though  such  a  fellow  could  get 
fifty  boys  next  day  if  he  wanted  them,  but  not 
lads  used  to  the  trade,  for  to  these  he's  well 
known  by  their  talk  one  with  another,  and  they 
soon  tell  a  man  his  character  very  plainly — "  very 
plainly  indeed,  sir,  and  to  his  face  too,"  said  one. 

Some  of  these  boys  are  well  beaten  by  their 
employers ;  this  they  put  up  with  readily  enough, 
if  they  experience  kindness  at  the  hands  of  the 
man's  wife ;  for,  as  I  said  before,  parties  that 
have  never  thought  of  marriage,  if  they  live  to- 
gether, call  one  another  husbands  and  wives. 

In  "  working  the  country"  these  lads  are  put 
on  the  same  footing  as  their  masters,  with  whom 
they  eat,  drink,  and  sleep;  but  they  do  not 
gamble  with  them.  A  few,  however,  go  out  and 
tempt  country  boys  to  gamble,  and — as  an  almost 
inevitable  consequence  — to  lose.  "  Some  of  the 
boys,"  said  one  who  had  seen  it  often,  "  will 
keep  a  number  of  countrymen  in  a  beer- shop  in 
a  roar  for  the  hour,  while  the  countrymen  ply 
them  with  beer,  and  some  of  the  street-lads  can 
drink  a  good  deal.  I've  known  three  bits  of  boys 
order  a  pot  of  beer  each,  one  after  the  other, 
each  paying  his  share,  and  a  quartern  of  gin  each 
after  that — drunk  neat;  they  don't  understand 
water.  Drink  doesn't  seem  to  affect  them  as  it 
does  men.  I  don't  know  why."  "  Some  coster- 
mongers,"  said  another  informant,  "have  been 
known,  when  they've  taken  a  fancy  to  a  boy — 
I  know  of  two — to  dress  him  out  like  themselves, 
silk  handkerchiefs  and  all ;  for  if  they  didn't 
find  them  silk  handkerchiefs,  the  boys  would 
soon  get  them  out  of  their  '  bunts.'  They  like  silk 
handkerchiefs,  for  if  they  lose  all  their  money 
gambling,  they  can  then  pledge  their  handker- 
chiefs." 

I  have  mentioned  the  term  "  bunts."  Bunts  is 
the  money  made  by  the  boys  in  this  manner : — 
If  a  costermonger,  after  having  sold  a  sufficiency, 
has  2s.  or  3*.  worth  of  goods  left,  and  is  anxious 
to  get  home,  he  says  to  the  boy,  "  Work  these 
streets,  and  bring  me  2s.  6d.  for  the  tol,"  (lot) 
which  the  costermonger  knows  by  his  eye — for 
he  seldom  measures  or  counts — is  easily  worth 
that  money.  The  lad  then  proceeds  to  sell  the 
things  entrusted  to  him,  and  often  shows  great 
inRenuity  in  so  doing.  If,  for  instance,  turnips 


be  tied  up  in  penny  bunches,  the  lad  will  open 
some  of  them,  so  as  to  spread  them  out  to  nearly 
twice  their  previous  size,  and  if  any  one  ask  if 
that  be  a  penn'orth,  he  will  say,  "  Here's  a  larger 
for  lArf.,  marm,"  and  so  palm  off  a  penny  bunch 
at  l$d.  Out  of  each  bunch  of  onions  he  takes 
one  or  two,  and  makes  an  extra  bunch.  All  that 
the  lad  can  make  in  this  way  over  the  half-crown 
is  his  own,  and  called  "  bunts."  Boys  have  made 
from  6d.  to  Is.  6d.  "bunts,"  and  this  day  after 
day.  Many  of  them  will,  in  the  course  of  their 
traffic,  beg  old  boots  or  shoes,  if  they  meet  with 
better  sort  of  people,  and  so  "  work  it  to  rights," 
as  they  call  it  among  themselves ;  servants  often 
give  them  cast-off  clothes.  It  is  seldom  that  a 
boy  carries  home  less  than  the  stipulated  sum. 

The  above  is  what  is  understood  as  "  fair 
bunts." 

"  Unfair  bunts"  is  what  the  lad  may  make 
unknown  to  his  master ;  as,  if  a  customer  call 
from  the  area  for  goods  cried  at  2d.,  the  lad  may 
get  2$d.,  by  pretending  what  he  had  carried  was 
a  superior  sort  to  that  called  at  2d., — or  by  any 
similar  trick. 

"  I  have  known  some  civil  and  industrious 
boys,"  said  a  costermonger  to  me,  "  get  to  save 
a  few  shillings,  and  in  six  months  start  with  a 
shallow,  and  so  rise  to  a  donkey-cart.  The 
greatest  drawback  to  struggling  boys  is  their 
sleeping  in  low  lodging-houses,  where  they  are 
frequently  robbed,  or  trepanned  to  part  with 
their  money,  or  else  they  get  corrupted." 

Some  men  employ  from  four  to  twelve  boys, 
sending  them  out  with  shallows  and  barrows, 
the  boys  bringing  home  the  proceeds.  The  men 
who  send  lads  out  in  this  way,  count  the  things, 
and  can  tell  to  a  penny  what  can  be  realised  on 
them.  They  neither  pay  nor  treat  the  boys  well, 
I  am  told,  and  are  looked  upon  by  the  other 
costermongers  as  extortioners,  or  unfair  dealers, 
making  money  by  trading  on  poor  lads'  necessi- 
ties, who  serve  them  to  avoid  starvation.  These 
men  are  called  "  Scurfs."  If  the  boys  working 
for  them  make  bunts,  or  are  suspected  of 
making  bunts,  there  is  generally  "  a  row"  about 
it. 

The  bunts  is  for  the  most  part  the  gambling 
money,  as  well  as  the  money  for  the  "  penny 
gaff,"  the  "  twopenny  hop,"  the  tobacco,  and  the 
pudding  money  of  the  boys.  "  More  would 
save  their  wages  and  their  bunts,"  was  said  to 
me  on  good  authority,  "  but  they  have  no 
place  to  keep  their  money  in,  and  don't  under- 
stand anything  about  savings  banks.  Many  of 
these  lads  are  looked  on  with  suspicion  by  the 
police,  and  treated  like  suspected  folks;  but  in 
my  opinion  they  are  not  thieves,  or  they  wouldn't 
work  so  hard ;  for  a  thief's  is  a  much  easier  life 
than  a  costermonger's." 

When  a  boy  begins  business  on  his  own  ac- 
count, or  "  sets  up,"  as  they  call  it,  he  purchases 
a  shallow,  which  costs  at  least  1*.,  and  a  halt 
hundred  of  herrings,  1*.  6d.  By  the  sale  of  the 
herrings  he  will  clear  !«.,  going  the  round  he 
has  been  accustomed  to,  and  then  trade  on  the 
2s.  6d.  Or,  if  it  be  fruit  time,  he  will  trade  .1 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


39 


s>pples  until  master  of  5*.,  and  then  "  take  to 
a  barrow,"  at  3d.  a  day  hire.  By  this  system 
the  ranks  of  the  costermongers  are  not  only 
recruited  but  increased.  There  is  one  grand 
characteristic  of  these  lads ;  I  heard  on  all  hands 
they  are,  every  one  of  them,  what  the  costers  call 
— "  wide  awake." 

There  are  I  am  assured  from  200  to  300 
costers,  who,  in  the  busier  times  of  the  year, 
send  out  four  youths  or  lads  each  on  an 
average.  The  young  men  thus  sent  out  gene- 
rally live  with  the  costermonger,  paying  7s. 
a  week  for  board,  lodging  and  washing.  These 
youths,  I  was  told  by  one  who  knew  them 
well,  were  people  who  "  didn't  care  to  work  for 
themselves,  because  they  couldn't  keep  their 
money  together  ;  it  would  soon  all  go  ;  and  they 
must  keep  it  together  for  their  masters.  They 
are  not  fed  badly,  but  then  they  make  '  hunts ' 
sometimes,  and  it  goes  for  grub  when  they're 
out,  so  they  eat  less  at  home." 

OF  THE  JUVENILE  TRADING  OF  THE 

COSTERMONGERS. 

MY  inquiries  among  the  costermongers  induced 
one  of  their  number  to  address  me  by  letter. 
My  correspondent— a  well-informed  and  well- 
educated  man  —  describes  himself  as  "being 
one  of  those  that  have  been  unfortunately  thrust 
into  that  precarious  way  of  obtaining  a  living, 
not  by  choice  but  circumstances."  The  writer 
then  proceeds  to  say :  "  No  person  but  those 
actually  connected  with  the  streets  can  tell  the 
exertion,  anxiety,  and  difficulties  we  have  to 
undergo  ;  and  I  know  for  a  fact  it  induces  a 
great  many  to  drink  that  would  not  do  so, 
only  to  give  them  a  stimulant  to  bear  up 
against  the  troubles  that  they  have  to  contend 
with  ;  and  so  it  ultimately  becomes  habitual. 
I  could  point  out  many  instances  of  the  kind. 
My  chief  object  in  addressing  you  is  to  give  my 
humble  suggestion  as  to  the  best  means  of  alle- 
viating our  present  position  in  society,  and 
-hing  us  in  the  eyes  of  the  public  as  a 
respectable  body  of  men,  honestly  endeavouring 
to  support  our  families,  without  becoming 
chargeable  to  the  parish,  and  to  show  that  we 
are  not  all  the  degraded  class  we  are  at  present 
thought  to  be,  subject  to  the  derision  of  every 
passer  by,  and  all  looked  upon  as  extortioners 
and  the  confederates  of  thieves.  It  is  grievous 
to  see  children,  as  soon  as  they  are  able  to  spsak, 
thrust  into  the  streets  to  sell,  and  in  in  any  in- 
stances, I  am  sorry  to  state,  to  support  their 
parents.  Kind  sir,  picture  to  yourself  a  group 
of  those  chiMren  mixing  together  indiscrimi- 
nately—the  good  with  the  had — all  uneducated — 
•r.d  without  that  parental  care  which  is  so  essen- 
-  youth  — and  judge  for  yourself  the  result  : 
••'Is  in  tome  instances  take  to  thieving, 
(this  being  easier  for  a  living),  and  the  girls  to 
prostitution  ;  and  no  they  pans  the  ,• 
their  time  in  gaol,  or  get  t: 

nestlv  disposed  cannot  have  a 
chance     of  bettering    their    conditi* 

.  so  thai  they 


oft?n  turn  out  bruta-  husbands  and  bad  fathers. 
Surely,  sir,  Government  could  abolish  in  a 
measure  this  juvenile  trading,  so  conducive  to 
crime  and  so  injurious  to  the  shopkeeper,  who 
is  highly  rated.  How  is  it  possible,  if  children 
congregate  around  his  door  with  the  very  articles 
he  may  deal  in,  that  he  can  meet  the  de- 
mands for  rates  and  taxes ;  whereas  the 
educated  man,  brought  by  want  to  sell  in  the 
streets,  would  not  do  so,  but  keep  himself 
apart  from  the  shopkeeper,  and  not  merit 
his  enmity,  and  the  interference  of  the  police, 
which  he  necessarily  claims.  I  have  procured 
an  existence  (with  a  few  years'  exception)  in  the 
streets  for  the  last  twenty-five  years  as  a  general 
salesman  of  perishable  and  imperishable  articles, 
and  should  be  most  happy  to  see  anything  done 
for  the  benefit  of  my  class.  This  juvenile  trading 
I  consider  the  root  of  the  evil ;  after  the  removal 
of  this,  the  costermongers  might,  by  classifying 
and  co-operation,  render  themselves  compara- 
tively happy,  in  their  posiaon,  and  become 
acknowledged  members  of  society." 

Another  costermonger,  in  conversing  with  me 
concerning  these  young  tiaders,  said,  that  many 
of  them  would  ape  the  vices  of  men :  mere 
urchins  would  simulate  drunkenness,  or  boast, 
with  many  an  exaggeration,  of  their  drinking 
feats.  They  can  get  as  much  as  they  please  at 
the  public-houses;  and  this  too,  I  may  add, 
despite  the  43rd  clause  in  the  Police  Act,  which 
enacts,  that  "  every  person,  licensed  to  deal  in 
exciseable  liquors  within  the  said  (Metropolitan 
Police)  District,  who  shall  knowingly  supply  any 
sort  of  distilled  exciseable  liquor  to  be  drunk 
upon  the  premises,  to  any  boy  or  girl,  apparently 
under  the  age  of  sixteen  years,  shall  be  liable  to 
a  penalty  of  not  more  than  20s. ;"  and  upon  a 
second  conviction  to  40s.  penalty ;  and  on  a 
third  to  51. 

OF  THE  EDUCATION  OF  THE  "  COSTER- 
LADS." 

AMONG  the  costers  the  term  education  is  (as  I 
have  already  intimated)  merely  understood  as 
meaning  a  complete  knowledge  of  the  art  of 
"  buying  in  the  cheapest  market  and  selling  in 
the  dearest"  There  are  few  lads  whose  training 
extends  beyond  this.  The  father  is  the  tutor, 
who  takes  the  boy  to  the  different  markets, 
instructs  him  in  the  art  of  buying,  and  when 
the  youth  is  perfect  on  this  point,  the  parent's 
duty  is  supposed  to  have  been  performed. 
Nearly  all  these  boys  are  remarkable  for  their 
precocious  sharpness.  To  use  the  words  of  one 
of  the  class,  "  these  young  ones  are  as  sharp 
as  terriers,  and  learns  every  dodge  of  business 
in  less  than  half  no  time.  The  re's  one  I  knows 
about  three  feet  high,  that's  up  to  the  busmen 
bs  clever  as  a  man  of  thirty.  Though  lie's  only 
years  old  he'll  chaff  down  a  peeler  so 
uncommon  severe,  that  the  only  way  to  Stop 
him  in  to  take  him  in  charge  !  " 

•hat  these  lads,  possessed 

of  a   mental    nruteness    almost    wonderful,    will 
rive-    in    \  it 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


to  train  them  to  virtue.  At  their  youthful 
age,  the  power  of  acquiring  knowledge  is  the 
strongest,  and  some  kind  of  education  is  con- 
tinually going  on.  If  they  are  not  taught  by 
others,  they  will  form  their  own  characters — 
developing  habits  of  dissipation,  and  educing 
all  the  grossest  passions  of  their  natures,  and 
learning  to  indulge  in  the  gratification  of  every 
appetite  without  the  least  restraint. 

As  soon  as  a  boy  is  old  enough  to  shout  well 
and  loudly,  his  father  takes  him  into  the  streets. 
Some  of  these  youths  are  not  above  seven  years 
of  age,  and  it  is  calculated  that  not  more  than 
one  in  a  hundred  has  ever  been  to  a  school  of 
any  kind.  The  boy  walks  with  the  barrow,  or 
guides  the  donkey,  shouting  by  turns  with  the 
father,  who,  when  the  goods  are  sold,  will  as  a 
reward,  let  him  ride  home  on  the  tray.  The 
lad  attends  all  markets  with  his  father,  who 
teaches  him  his  business  and  shows  him  his 
tricks  of  trade ;  "  for,"  said  a  coster,  "  a  governor 
in  our  line  leaves  the  knowledge  of  all  his 
dodges  to  Ms  son,  jist  as  the  rich  coves  do  their 
tin." 

The  life  of  a  coster-boy  is  a  very  hard  one. 
In  summer  he  will  have  to  be  up  by  four 
o'clock  in  the  morning,  and  in  winter  he  is 
never  in  bed  after  six.  When  he  has  re- 
turned from  market,  it  is  generally  his  duty 
to  wash  the  goods  and  help  dress  the  barrow. 
About  nine  he  begins  his  day's  work,  shouting 
whilst  the  father  pushes  ;  and  as  very  often  the 
man  has  lost  his  voice,  this  share  of  the 
labour  is  left  entirely  to  him.  When  a  coster 
has  regular  customers,  the  vegetables  or  fish 
are  all  sold  by  twelve  o'clock,  and  in  many 
coster  families  the  lad  is  then  packed  off  with 
fruit  to  hawk  in  the  streets.  When  the  work 
is  over,  the  father  will  perhaps  take  the  boy  to 
a  public-house  with  him,  and  give  him  part  of 
his  beer.  Sometimes  a  child  of  four  or  five  is 
taken  to  the  tap-room,  especially  if  he  be  pretty 
and  the  father  proud  of  him.  "I  have  seen," 
said  a  coster  to  me,  "  a  baby  of  five  year  old 
reeling  drunk  in  a  tap-room.  His  governor 
did  it  for  the  lark  of  the  thing,  to  see  him  chuck 
..isself  about— sillyfied  like." 

The  love  of  gambling  soon  seizes  upon  the 
coster  boy.  Youths  of  about  twelve  or  so  will 
as  soon  as  they  can  get  away  from  work  go  to 
a  public-house  and  play  cribbage  for  pints  of 
beer,  or  for  a  pint  a  corner.  They  generally 
continue  playing  till  about  midnight,  and 
rarely — except  on  a  Sunday — keep  it  up  all 
night. 

It  ordinarily  happens  that  when  a  lad  is 
about  thirteen,  he  quarrels  with  his  father,  and 
gets  turned  away  from  home.  Then  he  k 
forced  to  start  for  himself.  He  knows  where 
he  can  borrow  stock-money  and  get  his  barrow, 
for  he  is  as  well  acquainted  with  the  markets  ts 
the  oldest  hand  at  the  business,  and  children 
may  often  be  seen  in  tne  streets  under-selling 
their  parents.  "How's  it  possible,"  said  a 
woman,  "  for  people  to  live  when  there's  their 
own  son  at  the  end  of  the  court  a- calling  his 


goods  as  cheap  again  as  we  can  afford  to  sell 
ourn." 

If  the  boy  is  lucky  in  trade,  his  next  want  is 
to  get  a  girl  to  keep  home  for  him.  I  was 
assured,  that  It  is  not  at  all  uncommon  for  a 
lad  of  fifteen  to  be  living  with  a  girl  of  the 
same  age,  as  man  and  wife.  It  creates  no 
disgust  among  his  class,  but  seems  rather  to 
give  him  a  position  among  such  people.  Their 
courtship  does  not  take  long  when  once  the 
mate  has  been  fixed  upon.  The  girl  is  invited 
to  "raffles,"  and  treated  to  " twopenny  hops," 
and  half-pints  of  beer.  Perhaps  a  silk  neck 
handkerchief — a  "  King's-man  "  is  given  as 
a  present ;  though  some  of  the  lads  will,  when 
the  arrangement  has  been  made,  take  the  gift 
back  again  and  wear  it  themselves.  The  boya 
are  very  jealous,  and  if  once  made  angry  behave 
with  great  brutality  to  the  offending  girl.  A 
young  fellow  of  about  sixteen  told  me,  as  he 
seemed  to  grow  angry  at  the  very  thought, 
"  If  I  seed  my  gal  a  talking  to  another  chap 
I'd  fetch  her  sich  a  punch  of  the  nose  as 
should  plaguy  quick  stop  the  whole  business." 
Another  lad  informed  me,  with  a  knowing  look, 
"  that  the  gals — it  was  a  rum  thing  now  he 
come  to  think  on  it — axully  liked  a  feller  for 
walloping  them.  As  long  as  the  bruises  hurted, 
she  was  always  thinking  on  the  cove  as  gived 
'em  her."  After  a  time,  if  the  girl  continues 
faithful,  the  young  coster  may  marry  her ;  but 
this  is  rarely  the  case,  and  many  live  with 
their  girls  until  they  have  grown  to  be  men, 
or  perhaps  they  may  quarrel  the  very  first 
year,  and  have  a  fight  and  part. 

These  boys  hate  any  continuous  work.  So 
strong  is  this  objection  to  continuity  that  they 
cannot  even  remain  selling  the  same  article  for 
more  than  a  week  together.  Moreover  none  of 
them  can  be  got  to  keep  stalls.  They  must  be 
perpetually  on  the  move — or  to  use  their  own 
words  "  they  like  a  roving  life."  They  all 
of  them  delight  in  dressing  "flash"  as  they 
call  it.  If  a  "  governor  "  was  to  try  and 
"palm  off"  his  old  cord  jacket  upon  the  lad 
that  worked  with  him,  the  boy  wouldn't  take 
it  "  Its  too  big  and  seedy  for  me,"  he'd  say, 
"and  I  aint  going  to  have  your  leavings." 
They  try  to  dress  like  the  men,  with  large 
pockets  in  their  cord  jackets  and  plenty  of 
them.  Their  trowsers  too  must  fit  tight  at  the 
knee,  and  their  boots  they  like  as  good  as  pos- 
sible. A  good  "  King's-man,"  a  plush  skull 
cap,  and  a  seam  down  the  trowsers  are  the  great 
points  of  ambition  with  the  coster  boys. 

A  lad  about  fourteen  informed  me  that  "  brass 
buttons,  like  a  huntman's,  with  foxes'  heads  on 
em,  looked  stunning  flash,  and  the  gals  liked 
em."  As  for  the  hair,  they  say  it  ought  to  be 
long  in  front,  and  done  in  "  figure- six  "  curls, 
or  twisted  back  to  the  ear  "  Newgate-knocker 
style."  "  But  the  worst  of  hair  is,"  they  add, 
"  that  it  is  always  getting  cut  off  in  quod,  all 
along  of  muzzling  the  bobbies." 

The  whole  of  the  coster-boys  are  fond  of 
good  Ijvmg.  I  was  told  that  when  a  lad  started 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


for  him&eif,  he  would  for  the  first  week  or  so 
live  almost  entirely  on  cakes  and  nuts.  When 
settled  in  business  they  always  manage  to  have 
what  they  call  "  a  relish  "  for  breakfast  and 
tea,  "  a  couple  of  herrings,  or  a  bit  of  bacon,  or 
what  not."  Many  of  them  never  dine  except- 
ing on  the  Sunday — the  pony  and  donkey  pro- 
prietors being  the  only  costers  whose  incomes 
will  permit  them  to  indulge  in  a  "  fourpenny 
plate  of  meat  at  a  cook's  shop."  The  whole 
of  the  boys  too  are  extremely  fond  of  pudding, 
and  should  the  "plum  duff"  at  an  eating- 
house  Contain  an  unusual  quantity  of  plums, 
the  news  soon  spreads,  and  the  boys  then 
endeavour  to  work  that  way  so  as  to  obtain 
a  slice.  While  waiting  for  a  market,  the  lads 
will  very  often  spend  a  shilling  in  the  cakes 
and  three  cornered  puffs  sold  by  the  Jews. 
The  owners  toss  for  them,  and  so  enable  the 
young  coster  to  indulge  his  two  favourite 
passions  at  the  same  time — his  love  of  pastry, 
and  his  love  of  gambling.  The  Jews  crisp 
butter  biscuits  also  rank  very  high  with  the 
boys,  who  declare  that  they  "slip  down  like 
soapsuds  down  a  gully  hole."  In  fact  it  is 
curious  to  notice  how  perfectly  unrestrained 
are  the  passions  and  appetites  of  these  youths. 
The  only  thoughts  that  trouble  them  are  for 
their  girls,  their  eating  and  their  gambling — 
beyond  the  love  of  self  they  have  no  tie  that 
binds  them  to  existence. 

THE  LIFE  OF  A  COSTER-LAD. 
ONE  lad  that  I  spoke  to  gave  me  as  much  of 
his  history  as  he  could  remember.  He  was  a 
tall  stout  boy,  about  sixteen  years  old,  with  a 
face  utterly  vacant.  His  two  heavy  lead- 
coloured  eyes  stared  unmeaningly  at  me,  and, 
beyond  a  constant  anxiety  to  keep  his  front 
lock  curled  on  his  cheek,  he  did  not  exhibit  the 
slightest  trace  of  feeling.  He  sank  into  his 
•eat  heavily  and  of  a  heap,  and  when  once 
settled  down  he  remained  motionless,  with  his 
mouth  open  and  his  hands  on  his  knees — almost 
as  if  paralyzed.  He  was  dressed  in  all  the  slang 
beauty  of  his  class,  with  a  bright  red  handker- 
chief and  unexceptionable  boots. 

"  My  father  "  he  told  me  in  a  thick  unim- 

passiom  <1  voice,  "  was  a  waggoner,  and  worked 

.Mtry   roads.     There  was    two   on    us   at 

home  with  mother,  and  we  used  to  play  along 

with  the  boys  of  our  court,  in  Golding-lane,  at 

11  and  marbles.     I  recollects  nothing  more 

than  this — only  the  big  boys  used  to  cheat  like 

bricks  and  thump  us  if  we  grumbled — that '.« 

all  I  re< -nilectt  of  my  infancy,  as  you  calls  it 

Father   I've  heard  tell  died  when  I  was  three 

-other  only  a  year  old.     It  was  worse  luck 

ther  was  so  easy  with  us.      ! 
••>  school  for  a  couple  of  weeks,  but  tin- 
ned to  fetch  me  a  wipe  .ucklis 
with  his  stick,  and  as  I  wasn't  going  to  stand 
'•  hy  you  see  I  aint  no  great  schol- 
lard.     We    did    as    we  .iked   with 
was  so  precious  cax) ,  *n 
thing                      :  buttons  and  making  leaden 


'bonces,'  that 'sail,"  (here  the  youth  laughed 
slightly.)  "  Mother  used  to  be  up  and  out  very 
early  washing  in  families  —  anything  for  a 
living.  She  was  a  good  mother  to  us.  We 
was  left  at  home  with  the  key  of  the  room  and 
some  bread  and  butter  for  dinner.  Afore  she 
got  into  work — and  it  was  a  goodish  long  time — 
we  was  shocking  hard  up,  and  she  pawned  nigh 
everything.  Sometimes,  when  we  had'nt  no 
grub  at  all,  the  other  lads,  perhaps,  would  give 
us  some  of  their  bread  and  butter,  but  often  our 
stomachs  used  to  ache  with  the  hunger,  and  we 
would  cry  when  we  was  werry  far  gone.  She 
used  to  be  at  work  from  six  in  the  morning  till 
ten  o'clock  at  night,  which  was  a  long  time  for 
a  child's  belly  to  hold  out  again,  and  when  it 
was  dark  we  would  go  and  lie  down  on  the  bed 
and  try  and  sleep  until  she  came  home  with  the 
food.  I  was  eight  year  old  then. 

"A  man  as  know'd  mother,  said  to  her,  '  Your 
boy's  got  nothing  to  do,  let  him  come  along  with 
me  and  yarn  a  few  ha'pence,'  and  so  I  became 
a  coster.  He  gave  me  \d.  a  morning  and  my 
breakfast  I  worked  with  him  about  three 
year,  until  I  learnt  the  markets,  and  then  I  and 
brother  got  baskets  of  our  own,  and  used  to 
keep  mother.  One  day  with  another,  the  two 
on  us  together  could  make  2s.  6d.  by  selling 
greens  of  a  morning,  and  going  round  to  the 
publics  with  nuts  of  a  evening,  till  about  ten 
o'clock  at  night  Mother  used  to  have  a  bit 
of  fried  meat  or  a  stew  ready  for  us  when  we 
got  home,  and  by  using  up  the  stock  as  we 
couldn't  sell,  we  used  to  manage  pretty  tidy. 
WThen  I  was  fourteen  I  took  up  with  a  girl. 
She  lived  in  the  same  house  as  we  did,  and  I 
used  to  walk  out  of  a  night  with  her  and  give 
her  half-pints  of  beer  at  the  publics.  She  were 
about  thirteen,  and  used  to  dress  werry  nice, 
though  she  weren't  above  middling  pretty. 
Now  I'm  working  for  another  man  as  gives  me 
a  shilling  a  week,  victuals,  washing,  and  lodging, 
just  as  if  I  was  one  of  the  family. 

"  On  a  Sunday  I  goes  out  selling,  and  all  I 
yarns  I  keeps.  As  for  going  to  church,  why,  I 
can't  afford  it,— besides,  to  tell  the  truth,  I 
don't  like  it  well  enough.  Plays,  too,  ain't  in 
my  line  much  ;  I'd  sooner  go  to  a  dance — its 
more  livelier.  The  '  penny  gaffs '  is  rather  more 
in  my  style  ;  the  songs  are  out  and  out,  and 
makes  our  gals  laugh.  The  smuttier  the  better, 
I  thinks ;  bless  you !  the  gals  likes  it  as  much 
as  we  do.  If  we  lads  ever  has  a  quarrel,  why, 

>ts  for  it  If  I  was  to  let  a  cove  off  once, 
he'd  do  it  agaii  .  but  I  never  give  a  lad  a 
chance,  so  long  as  I  can  get  anigh  him.  I 

heard  about  Christianity  ,  hut  if  a  cove 
was  to  fetch  me  a  lick  of  the  head,  I'd  give  it 
him  again,  whether  he  was  a  big  'un  or  a  little 
'un.  I'd  precious  soon  see  a  heneiny  <>f  mine 
shot  alore  I'd  forgive  him.-- \v  here's  the  UM  f 
Do  I  understand  what  behaving  to  \our 
hour  is?  — In  morse  I  do.  If  a  feller  as  liven 

<•  wanted  a  basket  of  mine  as  I  wasn't 
lie  might  have  it  ;    if  J  was  workii  p 
it  though,  I'd  sec  him  further!     I  can  undei 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


stand  that  all  as  lives  in  a  court  is  neighbours ; 
but  as  for  policemen,  they're  nothing  to  me, 
an  \  I  should  like  to  pay  'em  all  off  well.  No  ; 
I  never  heerd  about  this  here  creation  you 
speaks  about.  In  coorse  God  Almighty  made 
the  world,  and  the  poor  bricklayers'  labourers 
built  the  houses  arterwards — that's  my  opinion  ; 
but  I  can't  say,  for  I've  never  been  in  no 
schools,  only  always  hard  at  work,  and  knows 
nothing  about  it.  I  have  heerd  a  little  about 
our  Saviour,  —  they  seem  to  say  he  were  a 
goodish  kind  of  a  man ;  but  if  he  says  as  how 
a  cove's  to  forgive  a  feller  as  hits  you,  I  should 
say  he  know'd  nothing  about  it.  In  coorse  the 
gals  the  lads  goes  and  lives  with  thinks  our 
walloping  'em  wery  cruel  of  us,  but  we  don't. 
Why  don't  we  ?  —  why,  because  we  don't 
Before  father  died,  I  used  sometimes  to  say 
my  prayers,  but  after  that  mother  was  too  busy 
getting  a  living  to  mind  about  my  praying. 
Yes,  I  knows  ! — in  the  Lord's  prayer  they  says, 
Forgive  us  our  trespasses,  as  we  forgives  them 
as  trespasses  agin  us.'  It's  a  very  good  thing, 
in  coorse,  but  no  costers  can't  do  it" 

OF  THE  "PENNY  GAFF." 

IN  many  of  the  thoroughfares  of  London  there 
are  shops  whicli  have  been  turned  into  a  kind  of 
temporary  theatre  (admission  one  penny),  where 
dancing  and  singing  take  place  every  night 
Rude  pictures  of  the  performers  are  arranged 
outside,  to  give  the  front  a  gaudy  and  attractive 
look,  and  at  night-time  coloured  lamps  and 
transparencies  are  displayed  to  draw  an  au- 
dience. These  places  are  called  by  the  costers 
"  Penny  Gaffs;"  and  on  a  Monday  night  as 
many  as  six  performances  will  take  place,  each 
one  having  its  two  hundred  visitors. 

It  is  impossible  to  contemplate  the  ignorance 
and  immorality  of  so  numerous  a  class  as  that 
of  the  costermongers,  without  wishing  to  discover 
the  cause  of  their  degradation.  Let  any  one 
curious  on  this  point  visit  one  of  these  penny 
shows,  and  he  will  wonder  that  any  trace  of 
virtue  and  honesty  should  remain  among  the 
people.  Here  the  stage,  instead  of  being  the 
means  for  illustrating  a  moral  precept,  is  turned 
into  a  platform  to  teach  the  crudest  debauchery. 
The  audience  is  usually  composed  of  children  so 
young,  that  these  dens  become  the  school-rooms 
where  the  guiding  morals  of  a  life  are  picked 
up  ;  and  so  precocious  are  the  little  things,  that 
the  girl  of  nine  will,  from  constant  attendance  at 
such  places,  have  learnt  to  understand  the  filthi- 
est sayings,  and  laugh  at  them  as  loudly  as  the 
grown-up  lads  around  her.  What  notions  can 
the  young  female  form  of  marriage  and  chastity, 
when  the  penny  theatre  rings  with  applause  at 
the  performance  of  a  scene  whose  sole  point 
turns  upon  the  pantomimic  imitation  of  the  un- 
restrained indulgence  of  the  most  corrupt  appe- 
tites of  our  nature  ?  How  can  the  lad  learn  to 
check  his  hot  passions  and  think  honesty  and 
virtue  admirable,  when  the  shouts  around  him 
impart  a  glory  to  a  descriptive  song  so  painfully 
corrupt,  that  it  ran  only  have  been  made  tole- 


rable by  the  most  habitual  excess  ?  The  men 
who  preside  over  these  infamous  places  know 
too  well  the  failings  of  their  audiences.  They 
know  that  these  poor  children  require  no  nicely- 
turned  joke  to  make  the  evening  pass  merrily, 
and  that  the  filth  they  utter  needs  no  double 
meaning  to  veil  its  obscenity.  The  show  that 
will  provide  the  most  unrestrained  debauchery 
will  have  the  most  crowded,  benches;  and  to 
gain  this  point,  things  are  acted  and  spoken 
that  it  is  criminal  even  to  allude  to. 

Not  wishing  to  believe  in  the  description 
which  some  of  the  more  intelligent  of  the  cos- 
termongers had  given  of  these  places,  it  was 
thought  better  to  visit  one  of  them,  so  that  all 
exaggeration  might  be  avoided.  One  of  the 
least  offensive  of  the  exhibitions  was  fixed  upon. 

The  "  penny  gaff"  chosen  was  situated  in  a 
broad  street  near  Smithfield ;  and  for  a  great 
distance  off,  the  jingling  sound  of  music  was 
heard,  and  the  gas-light  streamed  out  into  the 
thick  night  air  as  from  a  dark  lantern,  glitter- 
ing on  the  windows  of  the  houses  opposite,  and 
lighting  up  the  faces  oi  the  mob  in  the  road, 
as  on  an  illumination  night  The  front  of  a 
large  shop  had  been  entirely  removed,  and  the 
entrance  was  decorated  with  paintings  of  the 
" comic  singers,"  in  their  most  "humourous" 
attitudes.  On  a  table  against  the  wall  was 
perched  the  band,  playing  what  the  costers  call 
*'  dancing  tunes"  with  great  effect,  for  the  hole 
at  the  money-taker's  box  was  blocked  up  with 
hands  tendering  the  penny.  The  crowd  with- 
out was  so  numerous,  that  a  policeman  was  in 
attendance  to  preserve  order,  and  push  the  boys 
off  the  pavement — the  music  having  the  effect  of 
drawing  them  insensibly  towards  the  festooned 
green-baize  curtain. 

The  shop  itself  had  been  turned  into  a 
waiting-room,  and  was  crowded  even  to  the  top 
of  the  stairs  leading  to  the  gallery  on  the  first 
floor.  The  ceiling  of  this  "  lobby"  was  painted 
blue,  and  spotted  with  whitewash  clouds,  to  re- 
present the  heavens  ;  the  boards  of  the  trap- 
door, and  the  laths  that  showed  through  the 
holes  in  the  plaster,  being  all  of  the  same 
colour.  A  notice  was  here  posted,  over  the 
canvass  door  leading  into  the  theatre,  to  the 
effect  that  "  LADIES  AND  GENTLEMEN  TO  THE 

FRONT    PLACES    MUST    PAY    TWOPENCE." 

The  visitors,  with  a  few  exceptions,  were  all 
boys  and  girls,  whose  ages  seemed  to  vary  from 
eight  to  twenty  years.  Some  of  the  girls — though 
their  figures  showed  them  to  be  mere  children — 
were  dressed  in  showy  cotton-velvet  polkas,  and 
•wore  dowdy  feathers  in  their  crushed  bonnets. 
They  stood  laughing  and  joking  with  the  lads, 
in  an  unconcerned,  impudent  manner,  that  was 
almost  appalling.  Some  of  them,  when  tired 
of  waiting,  chose  their  partners,  and  commenced 
dancing  grotesquely,  to  the  admiration  of  the 
lookers-on,  who  expressed  their  approbation  in 
obscene  terms,  that,  far  from  disgusting  the 
poor  little  women,  were  received  as  compliments, 
and  acknowledged  with  smiles  and  coarse  repar- 
tees. The  boys  clustered  together,  smoking  their 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pipes,  and  laughing  at  each  other's  anecdotes, 
or  else  jingling  halfpence  in  time  with  the  tune, 
while  they  whistled  an  accompaniment  to  it. 
Presently  one  of  the  performers,  with  a  gilt 
crown  on  his  well  greased  locks,  descended 
from  the  staircase,  his  fleshings  covered  by  a 
dingy  dressing-gown,  and  mixed  with  the  mob, 
shaking  hands  with  ild  acquaintances.  The 
"  comic  singer,"  too,  made  his  appearance  among 
the  throng — the  huge  bow  to  his  cravat,  which 
nearly  covered  his  waistcoat,  and  the  red  end  to 
his  nose,  exciting  neither  merriment  nor  sur- 
prise. 

To  discover  the  kind  of  entertainment,  a  lad 
near  me  and  my  companion  was  asked  "  if 
there  was  any  flash  dancing."  With  a  knowing 
wink  the  boy  answered,  "  Lots  !  show  their  legs 
and  all,  prime !  "  and  immediately  the  boy  fol- 
lowed up  his  information  by  a  request  for  a 
yennep"  to  get  a  "tib  of  occabot,"  After  wait- 
ing in  the  lobby  some  considerable  time,  the 
performance  inside  was  concluded,  and  the  au- 
dience came  pouring  out  through  the  canvass 
door.  As  they  had  to  pass  singly,  I  noticed 
them  particularly.  Above  three  -  fourths  of 
them  were  women  and  girls,  the  rest  consisting 
chiefly  of  mere  boys  —  for  out  of  about  two 
hundred  persons  I  counted  only  eighteen  men. 
Forward  they  came,  bringing  an  overpowering 
•tench  with  them,  laughing  and  yelling  as 
they  pushed  their  way  through  the  waiting- 
room.  One  woman  carrying  a  sickly  child 
with  a  bulging  forehead,  was  reeling  drunk,  the 
taliva  running  down  her  mouth  as  she  stared 
about  her  with  a  heavy  fixed  eye.  Two  boys 
were  pushing  her  from  side  to  side,  while  the 
poor  infant  slept,  breathing  heavily,  as  if  stupi- 
fied,  through  the  din.  Lads  jumping  on  girls' 
shoulders,  and  girls  laughing  hysterically  from 
being  tickled  by  the  youths  behind  them,  every 
one  shouting  and  jumping,  presented  a  mad 
•r-ne  of  frightful  enjoyment. 

>Vhen  these  had  left,  a  rush  for  places  by 
n  waiting  began,  that  set  at  defiance  the 
blows  and  struggling*  of  a  lady  in  spangles 
who  endeavoured  to  preserve  order  and  take  the 
checks.  As  time  was  a  great  object  with  the 
proprietor,  the  entertainment  within  began 
.  the  first  seat  was  taken,  so  that  the 
lads  without,  rendered  furious  by  the  rattling 
of  the  piano  within,  made  the  canvass  partitioi 
bulge  in  and  out,  with  the  stragglings  of  those 
•eeking  admission,  like  a  sail  in  a  flagging 
wind. 

>nn  the  theatre,  the  first  floor  ha  •: 
removed  ;     the    whitewashed     bean 
•till  stretched   from    wall  to   wall.     The   lowc; 
<-•  warehouse,  whil< 

the  upper  apartment  had  been  the  sitting-room 
paper  was  still  on  the  walls.     A  gallery 
with  a  canvass  front,  had  !>•  v  hui'l 

up,  and  it  was  so  fragile  tl 

jf  those  above.     The  brick 
in  thr  warehouse  were  smeared  over  » 

had   a  few   black    curtains  daubed 
«P°n  t  • ;.  ,.  require  no  Wjr 


great    scenic    embellishment,   and    indeed   the 
tage — which    was    about   eight   feet   square — 
ould  admit  of  none.     Two  jets  of  gas,    like 
hose  outside  a  butcher's  shop,  were  placed  on 
ach  side  of  the  proscenium,  and  proved  very 
landy  for  the  gentlemen  whose  pipes  required 
ighting.      The    band    inside    the    "  theatre  " 
:ould    not    compare   with    the   band    without. 
An   old   grand   piano,   whose   canvass -covered 
op  extended   the   entire    length   of  the  stage, 
sent  forth  its  wiry  notes  under  the  be-ringed 
ingers  of  a  "  professor  Wilkinsini,"  while  an- 
ther professional,  with  his  head  resting  on  his 
violin,  played  vigorously,  as  he  stared  uncon- 
cernedly at  the  noisy  audience. 

Singing  and  dancing  formed  the  whole  of  the 
lours'  performance,  and,  of  the  two,  the  singing 
was  preferred.     A  young  girl,  of  about  fourteen 
years   of  age,  danced  with  more  energy   than 
jrace,    and   seemed   to   be   well-known   to  the 
spectators,  who  cheered  her  on  by  her  Christian 
name.      When  the  dance   was  concluded,   the 
proprietor  of  the  establishment  threw  down  a 
penny   from    the   gallery,    in    the    hopes    that 
others    might    be    moved    to    similar    acts    of 
generosity ;  but  no  one  followed  up  the  offer- 
ng,     so    the    young    lady    hunted    after    the 
money  and  departed.     The  "  comic  singer,"  in 
a  battered  hat  and  the  huge  bow  to  his  cravat, 
was    received   with  deafening   shouts.     Several 
songs    were    named    by  the    costers,  but    the 
"  funny  gentleman  "  merely  requested  them  "  to 
hold  their  jaws,"  and  putting  on  a  "  knowing" 
look,   sang  a  song,  the  whole   point  of  which 
consisted  in  the  mere  utterance  of  some  filthy 
word  at  the  end  of  each  stanza.     Nothing,  how- 
ever,   could  have  been  more   successful.     The 
lads  stamped  their  feet  with  delight ;  the  girls 
screamed   with   enjoyment.      Once  or  twice   a 
young  shrill  laugh  would  anticipate  the  fun— as 
if  the  words  were  well  known — or  the  boys  would 
forestall  the  point  by  sliouting  it  out  before  the 
proper  time.     When  the  song  was  ended   the 
house   was    in    a   delirium   of  applause.     The 
canvass  front  to  the   gallery  was   beaten   with 
sticks,    drum-like,    and   sent  down  showers   of 
white  powder  on  the  heads  in  the  pit.     Another 
song  followed,  and  the  actor  knowing  on  what 
his  success  depended,  lost  no  opportunity  of  in- 
creasing his  laurels.  The  most  obscene  thoughts, 
the  most  disgusting  scenes  were  coolly  describe  d, 
making  a  poor  child    near   me  wipe  away  the 
tears  that  rolled  down  her  eyes  with  the  enjoy- 
ment of  the  poison.    There  were  three  or  four  of 
these  songs  sung  in  the  course  of  the  evening, 
each    one    being    encored,    and    then    changed 
Mtten  about  "  Tim-apple  rock."  was  the 
grand    treat   of  the    night,    and    olli  red 

to  the  rhyming  powers  of  the  author 
than  any  o!  the' others.  In  this,  not  a  single 
chance  'had  hern  missed  ;  ingenuity  had  been 
list  lest  an  obscene  thought 
should  be  passed  by,  and  it  was  ab 
awful  to  behold  the  relish  with  which  the 
younjr  ones  jumped  to  the  hideous  meaning  of 


•It 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


There  was  one  scene  yet  to  come,  that  was 
perfect  in  its  wickedness.  A  bailet  began  be- 
tween a  man  dressed  up  as  a  woman,  and  a 
country  clown.  The  most  disgusting  attitudes 
were  struck,  the  most  immoral  acts  represented, 
without  one  dissenting  voice.  If  there  had  been 
any  feat  of  agility,  any  grimacing,  or,  in  fact, 
anything  with  which  the  laughter  of  the  unedu- 
cated classes  is  usually  associated,  the  applause 
might  have  been  accounted  for ;  but  here  were 
two  ruffians  degrading  themselves  each  time 
they  stirred  a  limb,  and  forcing  into  the  brains 
of  the  childish  audience  before  them  thoughts 
that  must  embitter  a  lifetime,  and  descend  from 
father  to  child  like  some  bodily  infirmity. 

When  I  had  left,  I  spoke  to  a  better  class 
costennonger  on  this  saddening  subject.  "  Well, 
sir,  it  is  frightful,"  he  said,  "  but  the  boys  will 
have  their  amusements.  If  their  amusements  is 
bad  they  don't  care;  they  only  wants  to  laugh, 
and  tliis  here  kind  of  work  does  it  Give  'em 
better  singing  and  better  dancing,  and  they'd  go, 
if  the  price  was  as  cheap  as  this  is.  I've  seen, 
when  a  decent  concert  was  given  at  a  penny,  as 
many  as  four  thousand  costers  present,  behaving 
themselves  as  quietly  and  decently  as  possible. 
Their  wives  and  children  was  with  'em,  and  no 
audience  was  better  conducted.  It's  all  stuff 
talking  about  them  preferring  this  sort  of  thing. 
Give  'em  good  things  at  the  same  price,  and  I 
know  they  will  like  the  good,  better  than  the 
bad." 

My  own  experience  with  this  neglected  class 
goes  to  prove,  that  if  we  would  really  lift  them 
out  of  the  moral  mire  in  which  they  are  wallow- 
ing, the  first  step  must  be  to  provide  them  with 
wholesome  amusements.  The  misfortune,  how- 
ever, is,  that  when  we  seek  to  elevate  the  cha- 
racter of  the  people,  we  give  them  such  mere 
dry  abstract  truths  and  dogmas  to  digest,  that 
the  uneducated  mind  turns  with  abhorrence  from 
them.  We  forget  how  we  ourselves  were  origi- 
nally won  by  our  emotions  to  the  consideration 
of  such  subjects.  We  do  not  remember  how  our 
own  tastes  have  been  formed,  nor  do  we,  in  our 
zeal,  stay  to  reflect  how  the  tastes  of  a  people 
generally  are  created;  and,  consequently,  we 
cannot  perceive  that  a  habit  of  enjoying  any 
matter  whatsoever  can  only  be  induced  in  the 
mind  by  linking  with  it  some  aesthetic  affection. 
The  heart  is  the  mainspring  of  the  intellect,  and 
the  feelings  the  real  educers  and  educators  of  the 
thoughts.  As  games  with  the  young  destroy  the 
fatigue  of  muscular  exercise,  so  do  the  sympa- 
thies stir  the  mind  to  action  without  any  sense 
of  effort  It  is  because  "serious"  people  gene- 
rally object  to  enlist  the  emotions  in  the  educa- 
tion of  the  poor,  and  look  upon  the  delight  which 
arises  in  the  mind  from  the  mere  perception  of 
the  beauty  of  sound,  motion,  form,  and  colour — 
or  from  the  apt  association  of  harmonious  or 
incongruous  ideas — or  from  the  sympathetic 
operation  of  the  affections ;  it  is  because,  I  tuy, 
the  zealous  portion  of  society  look  upon  these 
matters  as  "  vanity,"  that  the  amusements  of  the 
working- classes  are  left  to  venal  traders  to  pro- 


vide. Hence,  in  the  low-priced  entertainments 
which  necessarily  appeal  to  the  poorer,  and» 
therefore,  to  the  least  educated  of  the  people, 
the  proprietors,  instead  of  trying  to  develop  in 
them  the  purer  sources  of  delight,  seek  only  to 
gratify  their  audience  in  the  coarsest  manner,  by 
appealing  to  their  most  brutal  appetites.  And 
thus  the  emotions,  which  the  great  Architect  ol 
the  human  mind  gave  us  as  the  means  of  quick- 
ening our  imaginations  and  refining  our  senti- 
ments, are  made  the  instruments  of  crushing 
every  operation  of  the  intellect  and  debasing  our 
natures.  It  is  idle  and  unfeeling  to  believe  that 
the  great  majority  of  a  people  whose  days  are 
passed  in  excessive  toil,  and  whose  homes  are 
mostly  of  an  uninviting  character,  will  forego  all 
amusements,  and  consent  to  pass  their  evenings 
by  their  no  firesides,  reading  tracts  or  singing 
hymns.  It  is  folly  to  fancy  that  the  mind,  spent 
with  the  irksomeness  of  compelled  labour,  and 
depressed,  perhaps,  with  the  struggle  to  live  bjr 
that  labour  after  all,  will  not,  when  the  work  is 
over,  seek  out  some  place  where  at  least  it  can 
forget  its  troubles  or  fatigues  in  the  temporary 
pleasure  begotten  by  some  mental  or  physical 
stimulant  It  is  because  we  exact  too  much  of 
the  poor — because  we,  as  it  were,  strive  to  make 
true  knowledge  and  true  beauty  as  forbidding  as 
possible  to  the  uneducated  and  unrefined,  that 
they  fly  to  their  penny  gaffs,  their  twopenny- 
hops,  their  beer-shops,  and  their  gambling- 
grounds  for  pleasures  which  we  deny  them,  and 
which  we,  in  our  arrogance,  believe  it  is  possible 
for  them  to  do  without 

The  experiment  so  successfully  tried  at 
Liverpool  of  furnishing  music  of  an  enlivening 
and  yet  elevating  character  at  the  same  price  as 
the  concerts  of  the  lowest  grade,  shows  that  the 
people  may  be  won  to  delight  in  beauty  instead 
of  beastiality,  and  teaches  us  again  that  it  is  our 
fault  to  allow  them  to  be  as  they  are  and  not 
their' s  to  remain  so.  All  men  are  compound 
animals,  with  many  inlets  of  pleasure  to  their 
brains,  and  if  one  avenue  be  closed  against 
them,  why  it  but  forces  them  to  seek  delight 
through  another.  So  far  from  the  perception  of 
beauty  inducing  habits  of  gross  enjoyment  as 
"  serious"  people  generally  imagine,  a  mo- 
ment's reflection  will  tell  us  that  these  very 
habits  are  only  the  necessary  consequences  of 
the  non- development  of  the  aesthetic  faculty; 
for  the  two  assuredly  cannot  co-exist  To  culti- 
vate the  sense  of  the  beautiful  is  necessarily  to 
inculcate  a  detestation  of  the  sensual.  Moreover, 
it  is  impossible  for  the  mind  to  be  accustomed  to 
the  contemplation  of  what  is  admirable  without 
continually  mounting  to  higher  and  higher 
forms  of  it — from  the  beauty  of  nature  to  that 
of  thought — from  thought  to  feeling,  from 
feeling  to  action,  and  lastly  to  the  fountain  of 
all  goodness — the  great  munificent  Creator  of 
the  sea,  the  mountains,  and  the  flowers-  the 
stars,  the  sunshine,  and  the  rainbow— the  fancy, 
ihe  reascn,  the  love  and  the  heroism  of  man  ana 
womankind — the  instincts  of  the  beasts — tlu 
glory  of  the  angels — and  the  mercy  of  Christ. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POCR. 


OF    THE    COSTER-GIRLS. 

THE  costermongers,  taken  as  a  body,  entertain 
the  most  imperfect  idea  of  the  sanctity  of  mar- 
riage. To  their  undeveloped  minds  it  merely 
consists  in  the  fact  of  a  man  and  woman  living 
together,  and  sharing  the  gains  they  may  each 
earn  by  selling  in  the  street  The  father  and 
mother  of  the  girl  look  upon  it  as  a  convenient 
means  of  shifting  the  support  of  their  child  over 
to  another's  exertions ;  and  so  thoroughly  do 
they  believe  this  to  be  the  end  and  aim  of 
matrimony,  that  the  expense  of  a  church  cere- 
mony is  considered  as  a  useless  waste  of  money, 
and  the  new  pair  are  received  by  their  com- 
panions as  cordially  as  if  every  form  of  law  and 
religion  had  been  complied  with. 

The  notions  of  morality  among  these  people 
agrw  strangely,  as  I  have  said,  with  those  of 
many  savage  tribes — indeed,  it  would  be  curious 
if  it  were  otherwise.  They  are  a  part  of  the 
Nomades  of  England,  neither  knowing  nor  caring 
for  the  enjoyments  of  home.  The  hearth,  which 
is  so  sacred  a  symbol  to  all  civilized  races  as 
being  the  spot  where  the  virtues  of  each  suc- 
ceeding generation  are  taught  and  encouraged, 
has  no  charms  to  them.  The  tap-room  is  the 
father's  chief  abiding  place;  whilst  to  the 
mother  the  house  is  only  a  better  kind  of  tent. 
She  is  away  at  the  stall,  or  hawking  her  goods 
from  morning  till  night,  while  the  children  are 
left  to  play  away  the  day  in  the  court  or  alley, 
and  pick  their  morals  out  of  the  gutter.  So 
long  as  the  limbs  gain  strength  the  parent  cares 
for  nothing  else.  As  the  young  ones  grow  up, 
their  only  notions  of  wrong  are  formed  by  what 
the  policeman  will  permit  them  to  do.  If  we, 
who  have  known  from  babyhood  the  kindly 
influences  of  a  home,  require,  before  we  are 
thrust  out  into  the  world  to  get  a  living  for  our- 
selves, that  our  perceptions  of  good  and  evil 
•hould  be  quickened  and  brightened  (the  same 
as  our  perceptions  of  truth  and  falsity)  by  the 
experience  and  counsel  of  those  who  are  wiser 
and  better  than  ourselves,— if,  indeed,  it  needed 
a  special  creation  and  example  to  teach  the  best 
ongest  of  us  the  law  of  right,  how  bitterly 
.e  children  of  the  street-folk  require  tui- 
.  dining,  and  advice,  when  from  their  very 
Cradles  (if,  indeed,  they  ever  knew  such  luxuries) 
.  U.  witness  in  their  parents, 
naturally  believe  to  be  their  sup.  - 
ibits  of  life  in  which  passion  is  t 
rule  of  action,  and  where  ev<  ,,f  our 

animal  nature  is  indulged  in  without  the  least 

I  say  thu»  much   became   I  am  anxious  to 
o  .   as  I  do  myself,  that  we  are 

ike  culpable    parties   in   the 

<>or  things  should  do  j|  hut 

human  naturr— but  that  we  should  'alh. 

nain     thus     destitute      :  letting 

vouchsafed   to  ournelre*— that  we   riMoU   wil- 
sha.<  what  we  mjoy  with  <> 

odea,  and  yet  leave  those  ut 

ncrefore,  should  be  dearer  to 


ut.  co  want  even  the  commonest  moral  neces- 
saries is  a  paradox  that  gives  to  the  zeal  of  our 
Christianity  a  strong  savour  of  the  chicanery  of 
Cant 

The  costermongers  strongly  resemble  the 
North  American  Indians  in  their  conduct  to 
their  wives.  They  can  understand  that  it  is  the 
duty  of  the  woman  to  contribute  to  the  happi- 
ness of  the  man,  but  cannot  feel  that  there  is  a 
reciprocal  duty  from  the  man  to  the  woman. 
The  wife  is  considered  as  an  inexpensive  servant, 
and  the  disobedience  of  a  wish  is  punished  with 
blows.  She  must  work  early  and  late,  and  to 
the  husband  must  be  given  the  proceeds  of  her 
labour.  Often  when  the  man  is  in  one  of  his 
drunken  fits — which  sometimes  last  two  or  three 
days  continuously — she  must  by  her  sole  ex- 
ertions find  food  for  herself  and  him  too.  To 
live  in  peace  with  him,  there  must  be  no  mur- 
muring, no  tiring  under  work,  no  fancied  cause 
for  jealousy — for  if  there  be,  she  is  either  beaten 
into  submission  or  cast  adrift  to  begin  life  again — 
as  another's  leavings. 

The  story  of  one  coster  girl's  life  may  be  taken 
as  a  type  of  the  many.  When  quite  young  she 
is  placed  out  to  nurse  with  some  neighbour, 
the  mother — if  a  fond  one — visiting  the  child  at 
certain  periods  of  the  day,  for  the  purpose  of 
feeding  it,  or  sometimes,  knowing  the  round  she 
has  to  make,  having  the  infant  brought  to  her 
at  certain  places,  to  be  "  suckled."  As  soon  as 
it  is  old  enough  to  go  alone,  the  court  is  its 
play-ground,  the  gutter  its  school- room,  and 
under  the  care  of  an  elder  sister  the  little  one 
passes  the  day,  among  children  whose  mothers 
like  her  own  are  too  busy  out  in  the  streets  h^p- 
ingto  get  the  food,  to  be  able  to  mind  the  family 
at  home.  When  the  girl  is  strong  enough,  she 
in  her  turn  is  made  to  assist  the  mother  by 
keeping  guard  over  the  younger  children,  or,  if 
there  be  none,  she  is  lent  out  to  carry  about  a 
baby,  and  so  made  to  add  to  the  family  income 
by  gaining  her  sixpence  weekly.  Her  time  is 
from  the  earliest  years  fully  occupied  ;  indeed, 
her  parents  cannot  afford  to  keep  her  without 
doing  and  getting  something.  Very  few  of  the 
children  receive  the  least  education.  "  The 
parents,"  I  am  told,  "  never  give  their  minds  to 
learning,  for  they  say,  '  NVhat's  the  use  of  it? 
that  won't  yarn  a  gal  a  living.'  "  Everything  is 
sacrificed— as,  indeed,  under  the  circumstances 
it  must  he — in  «he  struggle  to  live — aye!  and  to 
live  iin-n-lii.  Mind,  heart,  soul,  are  all  absorbed 
in  the  helly.  The  rudest  form  of  animal  life, 
physiologists  tell  us.  is  simply  a  locomotive 
i.tomach.  Verilv,  it  would  appear  as  if  our 
•;ite  had  a  tendency  to  make  the  highest 
animal  sink  into  the  lov, 

At  ahout  seven  years  of  age  the  prls  first  go 
into   the    streets   to    sell.       A    shallow- ha 
I  them,  with  about  two  shilling 

ind  they  hawk,  according  to  the  t 
year,  cither  •  or  violets  ; 

iiimi   with    the   sale   ol 
water- cresses.  Tin-  money  earned  b\ 
the  parents.     S< 


•II) 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


though  rarely — a  girl  who  has  heen  unfortunate 
during  the  day  will  not  dare  to  return  home  at 
night,  and  then  she  will  sleep  under  some  dry 
arch  or  about  some  market,  until  the  morrow's 
gains  shall  ensure  her  a  safe  reception  and 
shelter  in  her  father's  room. 

The  life  of  the  coster-girls  is  as  severe  as  that 
of  the  boys.  Between  four  and  five  in  the 
morning  they  have  to  leave  home  for  the  mar- 
kets, and  sell  in  the  streets  until  about  nine. 
Those  that  have  more  kindly  parents,  return  then 
to  breakfast,  but  many  are  obliged  to  earn  the 
morning's  meal  for  themselves.  After  break- 
fast, they  generally  remain  in  the  streets  until 
about  ten  o'clock  at  night ;  many  having  nothing 
during  all  that  time  but  one  meal  of  bread  and 
butter  and  coffee,  to  enable  them  to  support  the 
fatigue  of  walking  from  street  to  street  with 
the  heavy  basket  on  their  heads.  In  the  course 
of  a  day,  some  girls  eat  as  much  as  a  pound  of 
bread,  and  very  seldom  get  any  meat,  unless  it 
be  on  a  Sunday. 

There  are  many  poor  families  that,  without 
the  aid  of  these  girls,  would  be  forced  into  the 
workhouse.  They  are  generally  of  an  affection- 
ate disposition,  and  some  will  perform  acts  of 
marvellous  heroism  to  keep  together  the  little 
home.  It  is  not  at  all  unusual  for  mere  chil- 
dren of  fifteen  to  walk  their  eight  or  ten  miles 
a  day,  carrying  a  basket  of  nearly  two  hundred 
weight  on  their  heads.  A  journey  to  Woolwich 
and  back,  or  to  the  towns  near  London,  is  often 
undertaken  to  earn  the  1*.  6d.  their  parents  are 
anxiously  waiting  for  at  home. 

Very  few  of  these  girls  are  married  to  the 
men  they  afterwards  live  with.  Their  courtship 
is  usually  a  very  short  one ;  for,  as  one  told  me, 
"  the  life  is  such  a  hard  uie,  that  a  girl  is  ready 
to  get  rid  of  a  little  of  the  labour  at  any  price." 
The  coster-lads  see  the  girls  at  market,  and  if 
one  of  them  be  pretty,  and  a  boy  take  a  fancy 
to  her,  he  will  make  her  bargains  for  her,  and 
carry  her  basket  home.  Sometimes  a  coster 
working  his  rounds  will  feel  a  liking  for  a  wench 
selling  her  goods  in  the  street,  and  will  leave 
his  barlow  to  go  and  talk  with  her.  A  girl 
seldom  takes  up  with  a  lad  before  she  is  sixteen, 
though  some  of  them,  when  barely  fifteen  or 
even  fourteen,  will  pair  off.  They  court  for  a 
time,  going  to  raffles  and  "gaffs"  together,  and 
then  the  affair  is  arranged.  The  girl  tells  her 
parents  "  she's  going  to  keep  company  with 
so-and-so,"  packs  up  what  things  she  has,  and 
goes  at  once,  without  a  word  of  remonstrance 
from  either  father  or  mother.  A  furnished 
room,  at  about  4s.  a  week,  is  taken,  and  the 
young  couple  begin  life  The  lad  got  5  out  as 
usual  with  his  barrow,  and  the  girl  goes  out 
with  her  basket,  often  working  harder  for  her 
lover  than  she  had  done  for  her  parents.  They 
£"  to  market  together,  and  at  about  nine  o'clock 
her  day's  selling  begins.  Very  often  she  will 
take  out  with  her  in  the  morning  what  food  she 
requires  during  the  day,  and  never  return  home 
until  eleven  o'clock  at  night. 

The  men  generally  behave  very  cruelly  to 


the  girls  they  live  with.  They  are  as  faithfu 
to  them  as  if  they  were  married,  but  they  are 
jealous  in  the  extreme.  To  see  a  man  talking 
to  their  girl  is  sufficient  to  ensure  the  poor 
thing  a  beating.  They  sometimes  ill-treat 
them  horribly — most  unmercifully  indeed — 
nevertheless  the  girls  say  they  cannot  help 
loving  them  still,  and  continue  working  for 
them,  as  if  they  experienced  only  kindness  at 
their  hands.  Some  of  the  men  are  gentler  and 
more  considerate  in  their  treatment  of  them, 
but  by  far  the  larger  portion  are  harsh  and 
merciless.  Often  when  the  Saturday  night's 
earnings  of  the  two  have  been  large,  the  man 
will  take  the  entire  money,  and  as  soon  as  the 
Sunday's  dinner  is  over,  commence  drinking 
hard,  and  continue  drunk  for  two  or  three  days 
together,  until  the  funds  are  entirely  exhausted. 
The  women  never  gamble  ;  they  say,  "  it  gives 
them  no  excitement."  They  prefer,  if  they 
have  a  spare  moment  in  the  evening,  sitting 
near  the  fire  making  up  and  patching  their 
clothes.  "  Ah,  sir,"  said  a  girl  to  me,  "  a  neat 
gown  does  a  deal  with  a  man  ;  he  always  likes 
a  girl  best  when  everybody  else  likes  her  too." 
On  a  Sunday  they  clean  their  room  for  the 
week  and  go  for  a  treat,  if  they  can  persuade 
their  young  man  to  take  them  out  in  the  after- 
noon, either  to  Chalk  Farm  or  Battersea  Fields 
— "  where  there's  plenty  of  life." 

After  a  girl  has  once  grown  accustomed  to  a 
street-life,  it  is  almost  impossible  to  wean  her 
from  it.  The  muscular  irritability  begqtten  by 
continued  wandering  makes  her  unable  to  rest 
for  any  time  in  one  place,  and  she  soon,  if  put 
to  any  settled  occupation,  gets  to  crave  for  the 
severe  exercise  she  formerly  enjoyed.  The 
least  restraint  will  make  her  sigh  after  the 
perfect  liberty  of  the  coster's  "  roving  life."  As 
an  instance  of  this  I  may  relate  &  fact  that 
has  occurred  within  the  last  six  months.  A 
gentleman  of  high  literary  repute,  struck  with 
the  heroic  strugglings  of  a  coster  Irish  girl  to 
maintain  her  mother,  took  her  to  his  house, 
with  a  view  of  teaching  her  the  duties  of  a 
servfMt  At  first  the  transition  was  a  painful 
one  tt>  the  poor  thing.  Having  travelled  bare- 
foot through  the  streets  since  a  mere  child,  the 
pressure  of  shoes  was  intolerable  to  her,  and  in 
the  evening  or  whenever  a  few  minutes'  rest 
could  be  obtained,  the  boots  were  taken  off,  foi 
with  them  on  she  could  enjoy  no  ease.  The 
perfect  change  of  life,  and  the  novelty  of  being 
in  a  new  place,  reconciled  her  for  some  time  to 
the  loss  of  her  liberty.  But  no  sooner  did  she 
hear  from  her  friends,  that  sprats  were  again 
in  the  market,  than,  as  if  there  were  some 
magical  influence  in  the  fish,  she  at  once 
requested  to  be  freed  from  the  confinement,  and 
permitted  to  return  to  her  old  calling. 

Such  is  the  history  of  the  lower  class  of  girls, 
though  this  lower  class,  I  regret  to  say,  consti- 
tutes by  far  the  greater  portion  of  the  whole. 
Still  I  would  not  for  a  moment  have  it  inferred 
that  all  are  bad.  There  are  many  young  girls 
getting  their  living,  or  rather  helping  to  get 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


47 


the  living  of  others  in  the  streets,  whose  good- 
ness, considering  the  temptations  and  hardships 
besetting  such  an  occupation,  approximates  to 
the  marvellous.  As  a  type  of  the  more  pru- 
dent class  of  coster  girls,  I  would  cite  the 
following  narrative  received  from  the  lips  of 
a  young  woman  in  answer  to  a  series  of 
questions. 

THE  LIFE  OF  A  COSTER  GIRL. 
I  wished  to  have  obtained  a  statement  from 
the  girl  whose  portrait  is  here  given,  but  she 
was  afraid  to  give  the  slightest  information 
about  the  habits  of  her  companions,  lest  they 
should  recognize  her  by  the  engraving  and  per- 
secute her  for  the  revelations  she  might  make. 
After  disappointing  me  some  dozen  times,  1  was 
forced  to  seek  out  some  or  her  coster  girl. 

The  one  I  fixed  upon  was  a  fine-grown  young 
woman  of  eighteen.  She  had  a  habit  of  curtsying 
to  every  question  that  was  put  to  her.  Her  plaid 
shawl  was  tied  over  the  breast,  and  her  cotton- 
velvet  bonnet  was  crushed  in  with  carrying  her 
basket  She  seemed  dreadfully  puzzled  where 
to  put  her  hands,  at  one  time  tucking  them 
under  her  shawl,  warming  them  at  the  fire,  or 
measuring  the  length  of  her  apron,  and  when 
she  answered  a  question  she  invariably  addressed 
the  fireplace.  Her  voice  was  husky  from  shout- 
ing apples. 

"  My  mother  has  been  in  the  streets  selling  all 
her  lifetime.  Her  uncle  learnt  her  the  markets 
and  she  learnt  me.  When  business  grew  bad 
she  said  to  me,  '  Now  you  shall  take  care  on  the 
stall,  and  I'll  go  and  work  out  charing.'  The 
way  she  learnt  me  the  markets  was  to  judge  of 
the  weight  of  the  baskets  of  apples,  and  then 
said  she,  '  Always  bate  'em  down,  a' most  a 
half.'  I  always  liked  the  street-life  very  well, 
that  was  if  I  was  selling.  I  have  mostly  kept  a 
stall  myself,  but  I've  known  gals  as  walk  about 
with  apples,  as  have  told  me  that  the  weight  of 
the  baskets  is  sich  that  the  neck  cricks,  and 
when  the  load  is  took  off,  its  just  as  if  you'd  a 
stiff  neck,  and  the  head  feels  as  light  as  a 
feather.  The  gals  begins  working  very  early  at 
our  work  ;  the  parents  makes  them  go  out  when 
a' most  babies.  There's  a  little  gal,  I'm  sure 
she  an't  more  than  half-past  seven,  that  stands 
selling  water-cresses  next  my  stall,  and  mother 
was  saying,  '  Only  look  there,  how  that  Little 
one  has  to  get  her  living  afore  she  a'most  knows 
what  a  penn'orth  means.' 

"  There  's  six  on  us  in  family,  and  father  and 
mother  makes  eight  Father  used  to  do  odd  jobs 
with  the  gas- pipes  in  the  streets,  and  when 
work  was  slack  we  had  very  hard  times  of  it 
Mother  always  liked  being  with  us  at  home, 
and  used  to  manage  to  keep  us  employed  out  of 
mischief — she'd  give  us  an  old  gown  to  make 
into  pinafores  for  the  children  and  nuch  like! 
She's  been  very  good  to  us,  has  mother,  and 
so's  I..  always  liked  to  hr-ar  us  rrad 

to  her  whilst  she  was  waahing  or  such  like  I  and 
then  we  big  ones  had  to  lc-;.  It  ones. 

But  when  father's  w>  \  got  slack,  if  she  had  no 


employment  charing,  she'd  say,  '  Now  I'll  gt) 
and  buy  a  bushel  of  apples,'  and  then  she'd 
turn  out  and  get  a  penny  that  way.  I  suppose 
by  sitting  at  the  stall  from  nine  in  the  morning 
ill  the  shops  shuts  up — say  ten  o'clock  at  night, 
I  can  earn  about  Is.  tid.  a  day.  It's  all  according 
to  the  apples — whether  they're  good  or  not — 
what  we  makes.  If  I'm  xmlucky,  mother  will 
say,  '  Well,  I'll  go  out  to-morrow  and  see  what 
/  can  do  ;'  and  if  I've  done  well,  she'll  say  '  Come 
you're  a  good  hand  at  it ;  you've  done  famous.' 
Yes,  mother's  very  fair  that  way.  Ah!  there's 
many  a  gal  I  knows  whose  back  has  to  suffer 
f  she  don't  sell  her  stock  well ;  but,  thank  God  ! 
I  never  get  more  than  a  blowing  up.  My 
parents  is  very  fair  to  me. 

'  I  dare  say  there  ain't  ten  out  of  a  hundred 
gals  what's  living  with  men,  what's  been  married 
Church  of  England  fashion.  I  know  plenty 
myself,  but  I  don't,  indeed,  think  it  right.  It 
seems  to  me  that  the  gals  is  fools  to  be  'ticed 
away,  but,  in  coorse,  they  needn't  go  without 
they  likes.  This  is  why  I  don't  think  it's  right 
Perhaps  a  man  will  have  a  fsw  words  with  his 
gal,  and  he'll  say, '  Oh  !  I  ain't  obligated  to  keep 
her !'  and  he'll  turn  her  out :  and  then  where's 
that  poor  gal  to  go  ?  Now,  there's  a  gal  I  knows 
as  came  to  me  no  later  than  this  here  week,  and 
she  had  a  dreadful  swole  face  and  a  awful  black 
eye ;  and  I  says,  '  Who's  done  that  ?'  and  she  says, 
says  she, '  Why,  Jack' — just  in  that  way ;  and  then 
she  says,  says  she,  '  I'm  going  to  take  a  warrant 
out  to-morrow.'  Well,  he  gets  the  warrant  that 
same  night,  but  she  never  appears  again  him,  for 
fear  of  getting  more  beating.  That  don't  seem  to 
me  to  be  like  married  people  ought  to  be.  Be- 
sides, if  parties  is  married,  they  ought  to  bend  to 
each  other ;  and  they  won't,  for  sartain,  if  they  're 
only  living  together.  A  man  as  is  married  is 
obligated  to  keep  his  wife  if  they  quarrels  or  not ; 
and  he  says  to  himself,  says  he,  '  Well,  I  may 
as  well  live  happy,  like.'  But  if  he  can  turn  a 
poor  gal  off,  as  soon  as  he  tires  of  her,  he  begins 
to  have  noises  with  her,  and  then  gets  quit  of 
her  altogether.  Again,  the  men  takes  the  money 
of  the  gals,  and  in  coorse  ought  to  treat  'em  well 
— which  they  don't  This  is  another  reason :  when 
the  gal  is  in  the  family  way,  the  lads  mostly 
sends  them  to  the  workhouse  to  lay  in,  and  only 
goes  sometimes  to  take  them  a  bit  of  tea  and 
shuggar;  but,  in  coorse,  married  men  wouldn't 
behave  in  such  likes  to  their  poor  w 
a  quarrel,  too,  a  lad  goes  and  takes  up  with 
another  young  gal,  and  that  isn't  pleasant  for 
the  first  one.  The  first  step  to  ruin  is  them 
of  'penny  gaffs,'  for  they  hears  things 
-  oughtn't  to  be  said  to  young  gals. 
Beaides,  the  lads  is  very  insiuivatin^,  at  : 
leaving  them  plaees  will  give  a  gal  a  d: 
beer,  and  make  her  half  tipsy,  and  then  they 
their  arrangements.  I've  often  heerd 
the  boys  boasting  of  having  ruined  gals,  for  all 
tlie  world  as  if  they  was  the  first  noble:. 
the  land. 

"  It  would  be  a  good  thing  if  these  • 
doings  <  ped.     It's  half  tKr  jw 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDO 


rents'  fault;  for  if  a  gal  can't  get  a  living,  they 
turns  her  out  into  the  streets,  and  then  what's  to 
become  of  her  ?  I'm  sure  the  gals,  if  they  was 
married,  would  be  happier,  because  they  couldn't 
be  beat  worse.  And  if  they  was  married,  they'd 
get  a  nice  home  about  'em  ;  whereas,  if  they's 
only  living  together,  they  takes  a  furnished  room. 
I'm  sure,  too,  that  it's  a  bad  plan;  tor  I've 
heerd  the  gals  themselves  say,  '  Ah  !  I  wish  I'd 
never  seed  Jack'  (or  Tom,  or  whatever  it  is); 
'I'm  sure  I'd  never  be  half  so  bad  but  for 
him.' 

"Only  last  night  father  was  talking  about 
religion.  We  often  talks  about  religion.  Father 
has  told  me  that  God  made  the  world,  and  I've 
heerd  him  talk  about  the  first  man  and  woman 
as  was  made  and  lived — it  must  be  more  than  a 
hundred  years  ago — but  I  don't  like  to  speak 
on  what  I  don't  know.  Father,  too,  has  told 
me  about  our  Saviour  what  was  nailed  on  a  cross 
to  suffer  for  such  poor  people  as  we  is.  Father 
has  told  us,  too,  about  his  giving  a  great  many 
poor  people  a  penny  loaf  and  a  bit  of  fish  each, 
which  proves  him  to  have  been  a  very  kind  gen- 
tleman. The  Ten  Commandments  was  made  by 
him,  I've  heerd  say,  and  he  performed  them  too 
among  other  miracles.  Yes !  this  is  part  of 
what  our  Saviour  tells  us.  We  are  to  forgive 
everybody,  and  do  nobody  no  injury.  I  don't 
think  I  could  forgive  an  enemy  if  she  injured 
me  very  much;  I'm  sure  I  don't  know  why 
I  couldn't,  unless  it  is  that  I'm  poor,  and  never 
learnt  to  do  it.  If  a  gal  stole  my  shawl  and 
didn't  return  it  back  or  give  me  the  value  on  it, 
I  couldn't  forgive  her;  but  if  she  told  me  she 
lost  it  off  her  back,  I  shouldn't  be  so  hard  on 
her.  We  poor  gals  ain't  very  religious,  but 
we  are  better  than  the  men.  We  all  of  us 
thanks  God  for  everything— even  for  a  fine  day; 
as  for  sprats,  we  always  says  they're  God's  bles- 
sing for  the  poor,  and  thinks  it  hard  of  the 
Lord  Mayor  not  to  let  'em  come  in  afore  the 
ninth  of  November,  just  because  he  wants  to 
dine  off  them — which  he  always  do.  Yes,  we 
knows  for  certain  that  they  eats  plenty  of 
sprats  at  the  Lord  Mayor's  'blanket.'  They 
say  in  the  Bible  that  the  world  was  made  in  six 
days :  the  beasts,  the  birds,  the  fish,  and  all — 
and  sprats  was  among  them  in  coorse.  There 
was  only  one  house  at  that  time  as  was  made, 
and  that  was  the  Ark  for  Adam  and  Eve  and 
their  family.  It  seems  very  wonderful  indeed 
how  all  this  world  was  done  so  quick.  I  should 
have  thought  that  England  alone  would  have 
took  double  the  time  ;  shouldn't  you,  sir  ?  But 
then  it  says  in  the  Bible,  God  Almighty's  a  just 
and  true  God,  and  hi  coorse  time  would  be  nothing 
to  him.  When  a  good  person  is  dying,  we  says, 
'  The  Lord  has  called  upon  him,  and  he  must 
go,'  but  I  can't  think  what  it  means,  unless 
it  is  that  an  angel  comes — like  when  we're 
a-dreaming — and  tells  the  party  he's  wanted  in 
heaven.  I  know  where  heaven  is  ;  it's  above 
the  clouds,  and  they're  placed  there  to  prevent 
us  seeing  into  it  That's  where  all  the  good  people 
go,  but  I'm  afeerd," — she  continued  solemnly — 


"  there's  very  few  costers  among  the  angels— 
'specially  those  as  deceives  poor  gals. 

"  No,  I  don't  think  this  world  could  well  go 
on  for  ever.  There's  a  great  deal  of  ground  in 
it,  certainly,  and  it  seems  very  strong  at  present; 
but  they  say  there's  to  be  a  flood  on  the  earth, 
and  earthquakes,  and  that  will  destroy  it.  The 
earthquake  ought  to  have  took  place  some  time 
ago,  as  people  tells  me,  but  I  never  heerd  any 
more  about  it  If  we  cheats  in  the  streets,  I 
know  we  shan't  go  to  Heaven ;  but  it's  very 
hard  upon  us,  for  if  we  didn't  cheat  we  couldn't 
live,  profits  is  so  bad.  It's  the  same  with  the 
shops,  and  I  suppose  the  young  men  there  won't 
go  to  Heaven  neither ;  but  if  people  won't  give 
the  money,  both  costers  and  tradesmen  must 
cheat,  and  that's  very  hard.  Why,  look  at 
apples !  customers  want  them  for  less  than 
they  cost  us,  and  so  we  are  forced  to  shove  in 
bad  ones  as  well  as  good  ones  ;  and  if  we're  to 
sufler  for  that,  it  does  seem  to  me  dreadful 
cruel." 

Curious  and  extravagant  as  this  statement 
may  perhaps  appear  to  the  uninitiated,  nover- 
theless  it  is  here  given  as  it  was  spoken  ;  and  it 
was  spoken  with  an  earnestness  that  proved  the 
poor  girl  looked  upon  it  as  a  subject,  the  solem- 
nity of  which  forced  her  to  be  truthful. 

OF    COSTERMONOERS    AND    THIEVES. 

CONCERNING  the  connection  of  these  two  classes 
I  had  the  following  account  from  a  costermonger : 
"  I've  known  the  coster  trade  for  twelve  years, 
and  never  knew  thieves  go  out  a  costering  as  a 
cloak ;  they  may  have  done  so,  but  I  very 
much  doubt  it  Thieves  go  for  an  idle  life,  and 
costermongering  don't  suit  them.  Our  chaps 
don't  care  a  d — n  who  they  associate  with, — if 
they're  thieves  they  meet  'em  all  the  same,  or 
anything  that  way.  But  costers  buy  what  they 
call  '  a  gift,' — may-be  it's  a  watch  or  coat  wot's 
been  stolen — from  any  that  has  it  to  sell.  A 
man  will  say :  'If  you've  a  few  shillings,  you 
may  make  a  good  thing  of  it.  Why  this  iden- 
tical watch  is  only  twenty  shillings,  and  it's 
worth  fifty ;'  so  if  the  coster  has  money,  he  buys. 
Thieves  will  get  3d.  where  a  mechanic  or  a  cos- 
ter will  earn  \d.,  and  the  most  ignorant  of  our 
people  has  a  queer  sort  'of  respect  for  thieves, 
because  of  the  money  they  make.  Poverty's  as 
much  despised  among  costers  as  among  other 
people.  People  that's  badly  off  among  us  are 
called  'cursed.'  In  bad  weather  it's  common 
for  costers  to  'curse  themselves,'  as  they  call 
having  no  trade.  '  Well,  I'm  cursed,'  they  say 
when  they  can  make  no  money.  It's  a  common 
thing  among  them  to  shout  after  any  one  they 
don't  like,  that's  reduced,  'Well,  ain't  you 
cursed  ?  '  "  The  costers,  I  am  credibly  informed, 
gamble  a  great  deal  with  the  wealthier  class  ot 
thieves,  and  win  of  them  the  greater  part  of  the 
money  they  get 

OF    THE    MORE    PROVIDENT     CoSTERMONGERS. 

CONCERNING  this  head,  I  give  the  statement  o» 
a  man  whose  information  I  found  fully  con- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


v_' 


No  4. 


mi:  |',AKI:H  POTATO  KAH, 

•  BdUd  "Utura  I     All  'ot,  all 
[from  a  rkotograph.] 

[18C4.J 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


filmed: — "  We  are  not  such  a  degraded  set  as 
•ome  believe;  sir,  but  a  living  doesn't  tumble 
into  a  man's  mouth,  now  a  days.  A  good 
many  of  us  costers  rises  into  greengrocers  and 
coal- sheds,  and  still  carries  on  their  rounds  as 
costers,  all  the  same.  Why,  in  Lock's- fields, 
I  could  show  you  twenty  such,  and  you'd  find 
them  very  decent  men,  sir — very.  There's  one 
man  I  know,  that's  risen  that  way,  who  is  worth 
hundreds  of  pounds,  and  keeps  his  horse  and 
cart  like  a  gentleman.  They  rises  to  be  voters, 
and  they  all  vote  liberal.  Some  marry  the  better 
kind  of  servants,  —  such  servant-maids  as 
would'nt  marry  a  rag  and  bottle  shop,  but 
doesn't  object  to  a  coal  shed.  It's  mostly 
younger  men  that  manages  this.  As  far  as  I 
have  observed,  these  costers,  after  they  has 
settled  and  got  to  be  housekeepers,  don't  turn 
their  backs  on  their  old  mates.  They'd  have  a 
nice  life  of  it  if  they  did — yes !  a  very  nice  life." 

OF  THE  HOMES  OF  THE  COSTERMONGERS. 

THE  costermongers  usually  reside  in  the  courts 
and  alleys  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  different 
street-markets.  They  themselves  designate  the 
locality  where,  so  to  speak,  a  colony  of  their 
people  has  been  established,  a  "  coster  district," 
and  the  entire  metropolis  is  thus  parcelled  out, 
almost  as  systematically  as  if  for  the  purposes 
of  registration.  These  costermonger  districts 
are  as  follows,  and  are  here  placed  in  the  order 
of  the  numerical  importance  of  the  residents  : 

The  New  Cut  (Lambeth).      Ratcliffe  Highway. 

Lisson-grove. 
'  Petticoat  and   Rosemary  - 

I      lane. 
Marylebone-lane. 

Oxford-street. 

Rotherhithc. 

Deptford. 

Dockhead. 

Greenwich. 

Commercial- road    East). 

Pop'ar. 

Limehouse. 
'  Bethnal-firocn. 
|  Hackney-road. 

Kingsland. 
i  Camden  Town. 


Whitecross-street. 

Leather-lane. 

The  Brill,  Soraeri'  Town. 

Whitechapel. 

Camberwell. 

Walworth. 

Peck  ham. 

Bennondsey. 

The  Broadway,  West- 
minster 

Shoreditch. 

Paddington  and  Edge- 
ware  Road. 

Tottenham-court  Road. 

Dm  ry -lane. 

Old-street  Road. 

Clare  Market. 


The  homes  of  the  costermongers  in  these 
places,  may  be  divided  into  three  classes ;  firstly, 
those  who,  by  having  a  regular  trade  or  by  pru 
dent  economy,  are  enabled  to  live  in  compara- 
tive ease  and  plenty  ;  secondly,  those  who,  from 
having  a  Urge  family  or  by  imprudent  expendi- 
ture, are,  as  it  were,  struggling  with  the  world ; 
and  thirdly,  those  who  for  want  of  stock-money, 
or  ill  success  in  trade  are  nearly  dest 

The  first  home  I  visited  was  that  of  an  old 
woman,  who  with  the  assistance  of  her  s 
girls,  contrived  to  live  in  a  most  praiseworthy 
-mfortable  manner.  She  and  all  her 
family  were  teetotallers,  and  may  be  taken  as  a 
fair  type  of  the  thriving  costermon 

As  I  ascended  a  dark  flight  of  stairs,  a  savory 
smell   of  stew   grew   stronger   at  each  step  I 
mounted.     The  woman    lived    in  a   larj, 
room  on  the  first  floor  ("the  drawing  r 


as  she  told  me  laughing  at  her  own  joke),  well 
lighted  by  a  clean  window,  and  I  found  her 
laying  out  the  savory  smelling  dinner  looking 
most  temptingly  clean.  The  floor  was  as  white 
as  if  it  had  been  newly  planed,  the  coke  fire 
was  bright  and  warm,  making  the  lid  of  the 
tin  saucepan  on  it  rattle  up  and  down  as  the 
steam  rushed  out.  The  wall  over  the  fire-place 
was  patched  up  to  the  ceiling  with  little  square 
pictures  of  saints,  and  on  the  mantel-piece, 
between  a  row  of  bright  tumblers  and  wine 
glasses  filled  with  odds  and  ends,  stood  glazed 
crockeryware  images  of  Prince  Albert  and  M. 
Jullien.  Against  the  walls,  which  were  papered 
with  "hangings"  of  four  different  patterns  and 
colours,  were  hung  several  warm  shawls,  and  in 
the  band-box,  which  stood  on  the  stained  chest 
of  drawers,  you  could  tell  that  the  Sunday 
bonnet  was  stowed  safely  away  from  the  dust. 
A  turn-up  bedstead  thrown  back,  and  covered 
with  a  many-coloured  patch-work  quilt,  stood 
opposite  to  a  long  dresser  with  its  mugs  and 
cups  dangling  from  the  hooks,  and  the  clean 
blue  plates  and  dishes  ranged  in  order  at  the 
back.  There  were  a  few  bushel  baskets  piled 
up  in  one  corner,  "  but  the  apples  smelt  so,"  she 
said,  "  they  left  them  in  a  stable  at  night." 

By  the  fire  sat  the  woman's  daughter,  a 
pretty  meek-faced  gray-eyed  girl  of  sixteen, 
who  "  was  home  nursing"  for  a  cold.  "  Steve" 
(her  boy)  I  was  informed,  was  out  working. 
With  his  help,  the  woman  assured  me,  she  could 
live  very  comfortably — "  God  be  praised !  "  and 
when  he  got  the  barrow  he  was  promised,  she 
gave  me  to  understand,  that  their  riches  were  to 
increase  past  reckoning.  Her  girl  too  was  to  be 
off  at  work  as  soon  as  sprats  came  in.  "  Its  on 
Lord  Mayor' s-day  they  comes  in,"  said  a  neigh- 
bour who  had  rushed  up  to  see  the  strange 
gentleman,  "  they  says  he  has  'em  on  his  table, 
but  I  never  seed  'em.  They  never  gives  us  the 
pieces,  no  not  even  the  heads,"  and  every  one 
laughed  to  their  utmost.  The  good  old  dame 
was  in  high  spirits,  her  dark  eyes  sparkling  as 
she  spoke  about  her  "  Steve."  The  daughter  in 
a  little  time  lost  her  bashfulness,  and  informed 
me  "that  one  of  the  Polish  refugees  was 

a-courting  Mrs.  M ,  who  had  given  him  a 

pair  of  black  eyes." 

On  taking  my  leave  I  was  told  by  the  mother 
that  their  silver  gilt  Dutch  clock — with  its  glass 
face  and  blackleaded  weights— "  was  the  best 
one  in  London,  and  might  be  relied  on  with  the 
greatest  safety." 

As  a  specimen  of  the  dwellings  of  the  strug- 
gling costers,  the  following  may  be  cited  : 

•nan,  a  tall,  thick-built,  almost  good- 
looking  fellow,  with  a  large  fur  cap  on  his  head, 
lived  with  his  family  in  a  front  kitchen,  and 
as  there  were,  with  his  rnothcr-in-lav. 
persons,  and  only  one  bed,  I  was  somewhat 
I  to  know  where  they  could  all  sleep. 
The  barrow  standing  on  the  railings  over  the 
window,  half  shut  out  the  light,  and  when  any 
one  passed  there  was  a  momentary  shadow 
thrown  over  the  room,  and  a  loud  rattling  of  thi 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


;ron  gratings  above  that  completely  prevented 
all  conversation.  When  I  entered,  the  mother- 
in-law  was  reading  aloud  one  of  the  threepenny 
papers  to  her  son,  who  lolled  on  the  bed,  that 
with  its  curtains  nearly  filled  the  room.  There 
was  the  usual  attempt  to  make  the  fireside  com- 
fortable. The  stone  sides  had  benn  well  whitened, 
and  the  mantel-piece  decorated  with  its  small 
tin  trays,  tumblers,  and  a  piece  of  looking-glass. 
A  cat  with  a  kitten  were  seated  on  the  lu^rth- 
rug  in  front.  "They  keeps  the  varmint  away," 
said  the  woman,  stroking  the  "puss,"  "and 
gives  a  look  of  home."  By  the  drawers  were 
piled  up  four  bushel  baskets,  and  in  a  dark 
corner  near  the  bed  stood  a  tall  measure  full  of 
apples  that  scented  the  room.  Over  the  head, 
on  a  string  that  stretched  from  wall  to  wall, 
dangled  a  couple  of  newly- washed  shirts,  and  bv 
the  window  were  two  stone  barrels,  for  lemonade, 
when  the  coster  visited  the  fairs  and  races. 

Whilst  we  were  talking,  the  man's  little 
girl  came  home.  For  a  poor  man's  child  she 
J  was  dressed  to  perfection ;  her  pinafore  was 
clean,  her  face  shone  with  soap,  and  her  tidy 
cotton  print  gown  had  clearly  been  newly  put  on 
that  morning.  She  brought  news  that  "  Janey  " 
was  coming  home  from  auntey's,  and  instantly 
a  pink  cotton  dress  was  placed  by  the  mother- 
in-law  before  the  fire  to  air.  (It  appealed  that 
Jaiicy  was  out  at  service,  and  came  home  once 
a  week  to  see  her  parents  and  take  back  a  clean 
frock.)  Although  these  people  were  living, 
so  to  speak,  in  a  cellar,  still  every  endeavour 
had  been  made  to  give  the  home  a  look  of 
comfort.  The  window,  with  its  paper-patched 
panes,  had  a  clean  calico  blind.  The  side-table 
was  dressed  up  with  yellow  jugs  and  cups  and 
saucers,  and  the  band- boxes  had  been  stowed 
away  on  the  flat  top  of  the  bedstead.  All  the 
chairs,  which  were  old  fashioned  mahogany  ones, 
had  sound  backs  and  bottoms. 

Of  the  third  class,  or  the  very  poor,  I  chose 
the  following  "type"  out  ol  the  many  others 
that  presented  themselves.  The  family  here 
lived  in  a  small  slanting-roofed  house,  partly 
stripped  of  its  tiles.  More  than  one  half  of  the 
small  leaden  squares  of  the  first-floor  window 
were  covered  with  brown  paper,  puffing  out  and 
crackling  in  the  wind,  while  through  the  greater 
part  of  the  others  were  thrust  out  ball-shaped 
bundles  of  rags,  to  keep  out  the  breeze.  The 
panes  that  did  remain  were  of  all  shapes  and 
sizes,  and  at  a  distance  had  the  appearance  of 
yellow  glass,  they  were  so  stained  with  dirt.  I 
opened  a  door  with  a  number  chalked  on  it,  and 
groped  my  way  up  a  broken  tottering  staircase. 

It  took  me  some  time  after  I  had  entered  the 
apartment  before  I  could  get  accustomed  to  the 
smoke,  that  came  pouring  into  the  room  from 
the  chimney.  The  place  was  filled  with  it, 
curling  in  the  light,  and  making  every  thing  so 
indistinct  that  I  could  with  difficulty  see  the 
white  mugs  ranged  in  the  corner- cupboard,  not 
three  yards  from  me.  When  the  wind  was  in 
the  north,  or  when  it  rained,  it  was  always  that 
way,  I  was  told,  "but  otherwise,"  said  an  old 


dame  about  sixty,  with  long  griaijr  hair  spread, 
ing  over  her  black  shawl,  "  it  is  pretty  good  lor 
that." 

On  a  mattrass,  on  tne  floor,  lay  a  pale-faced 
girl — "  eighteen  years  old  last  twelfth-cake  day" 
— her  drawn-up  form  showing  in  the  patch-work 
counterpane  that  covered  her.  She  had  just 
been  confined,  and  the  child  had  died !  A  little 
straw,  stuffed  into  an  old  tick,  was  all  she 
had  to  lie  upon,  and  even  that  had  been  given 
up  to  her  by  the  mother  until  she  was  wel! 
enough  to  work  again.  To  shield  her  from  the 
light  of  the  window,  a  cloak  had  been  fastened 
up  slantingly  across  the  panes ;  and  on  a  string 
that  ran  along  the  wall  was  tied,  amongst  the 
bonnets,  a  clean  nightcap — "  against  the  doctor 
came,"  as  the  mother,  curtsying,  informed  me. 
By  the  side  of  the  bed,  almost  hidden  in  the  dark 
shade,  was  a  pile  of  sieve  baskets,  crowned  by 
the  flat  shallow  that  the  mother  "worked"  with. 

The  room  was  about  nii.e  feet  square,  and 
furnished  a  home  for  three  women.  The  ceiling 
slanted  like  that  of  a  garret,  and  was  the  colour 
of  old  leather,  excepting  a  few  rough  white 
patches,  where  the  tenants  had  rudely  mended 
it  The  white  light  was  easily  seen  through  the 
laths,  and  in  one  corner  a  large  patch  of  the 
paper  looped  down  from  the  wall.  One  night 
the  family  had  been  startled  from  their  sleep  by 
a  large  mass  of  mortar — just  where  the  roof 
bulged  in— falling  into  the  room.  "We  never 
want  rain  water,"  the  woman  told  me,  "  for  we 
can  catch  plenty  just  over  the  chimney-place." 

They  had  made  a  carpet  out  of  three  or  four 
old  mats.  They  were  "  obligated  to  it,  for  fear 
of  dropping  anything  through  the  boards  into 
the  donkey  stables  in  the  parlour  underneath. 
But  we  only  pay  ninepence  a  week  rent,"  said 
the  old  woman,  "  and  mustn't  grumble." 

The  only  ornament  in  the  place  was  on  the 
mantel-piece — an  old  earthenware  sugar-basin, 
well  silvered  over,  that  had  been  given  by  the 
eldest  girl  when  she  died,  as  a  remembrance  to 
her  mother.  Two  cracked  tea-cups,  on  their 
inverted  saucers,  stood  on  each  side,  and  dressed 
up  the  fire-side  into  something  like  tidiness. 
The  chair  I  sat  on  was  by  far  the  best  out  of 
the  three  in  the  room,  and  that  had  no  back, 
and  only  half  its  quantity  of  straw. 

The  parish,  the  old  woman  told  me.  allowed 
her  1*.  a  week  and  two  loaves.  But  the  doctor 
ordered  her  girl  to  take  sago  and  milk,  and  she 
was  many  a  time  sorely  puzzled  to  get  it.  The 
neighbours  helped  her  a  good  deal,  and  often 
sent  her  part  of  their  unsold  greens; — even  if 
it  was  only  the  outer  leaves  of  the  cabbages,  she 
was  thankful  for  them.  Her  other  girl — a  big- 
boned  wench,  with  a  red  shawl  crossed  over  her 
bosom,  and  her  black  hair  parted  on  one  side — 
did  all  she  could,  and  so  they  lived  on.  "  As 
long  as  they  kept  out  of  the  "'big  house'  (the 
workhouse)  she  would  not  complain." 

I  never  vet  beheld  so  much  destitution 
borne  with  so  much  content.  Verily  the  acted 
philosophy  of  the  poor  is  a  thing  to  make  those 
who  write  and  preach  about  it  hide  their  beads. 


LONDON  LABOUR  JND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


OF  THE  DRESS  OF  THE  COSTERMONGERS. 

FROM  the  homes  of  the  costermongers  we  pass 
to  a  consideration  of  their  dress. 

The  costermonger's  ordinary  costume  partakes 
of  the  durability  of  the  warehouseman's,  with  the 
quaintness  of  that  of  the  stable-boy.  A  well- 
to-do  "  coster,"  when  dressed  for  the  day's 
work,  usually  wears  a  small  cloth  cap,  a  little 
on  one  side.  A  close-fitting  worsted  tie-up 
skull-c-ap,  is  very  fashionable,  just  now,  among 
the  class,  and  ringlets  at  the  temples  are  looked 
up  to  as  the  height  of  elegance.  Hats  they 
never  wear— excepting  on  Sunday— on  account 
of  their  baskets  being  frequently  carried  en 
their  heads.  Coats  are  seldom  indulged  in ; 
their  which  are  of  a  broad-ribbed 

corduroy,  with  fustian  back  and  sleeves,  being 
;is    long    as  a    groom's,     and    buttoned 
to    the    throat.       If  the   corduroy 
.  light  sandy  colour,  then  plain  brass,  or 
sporting  buttons,  with  raised  fox's  or  stag's  heads 
::iem — or  else  b'ack  bone-buttons,  with  a 
--pattern — ornament  the  front;  but  if  the 
curd  be  of  a  dark  rat-skin  hue,  then  mother-of- 
pearl  buttons  are  preferred.     Two  large  pockets 
— sometimes  four — with  huge  flaps  or  lappels, 
like   those   in   a   shooting-coat,  are   commonly 
If  the  costennonger  be  driving  a  good 
trade   and  have  his  set  of  regular  customer  ;,  he 
will  sport  a  blue  cloth  jacket,   similar  in  cut  to 
the    cord    ones   above    described ;    but   this    is 
looked  upon  as  an  extravagance  of  the  highest 
tor  the  slime  and  scales  of  the  fish  stick  to 
oulders  of  the  garment,  so  as 
I  the  appearance  of  it  in  a  short  time.     The 
ible  stufl'  for  trousers,  at  the  present,  is  a 
dark-coloured  "  cable  cord,"  and  they  are  made 
to  fit   •  ::ie  knee  and   swell   gradually 

until    they    reach   the    boot,    which    they   nearly 
Velveteen  is  now  seldom  worn,  and  knee- 
quite  out  of  date.     Those  who  deal 
wholly  in  fish  wear  a  blue  serge  apron,  either 
AH  or  tucked   up  round   their  waist, 
onger,  however,  prides  himself  most 
o:  ill  •  -.••  B  :  boots.     Men,  wo- 

.'1  girls,  all  have  a  passion  for  these 
articles,     ^'lie  man  who  does  not  wear  his  silk 
rhit-r— his  "  King's-man"  as  it  is  called 
<>wn   to  be  in  desperate  circumstance.* ; 
/  that   it    has   gone  to  supply 
ilow    llov.ir 

on  a  green  gn/und,  or  a  red  and  blue  pattern,  is 
. 

:ii    under    their 

•     •  •         •  r    their 

if  a  costennonger  has 

•cs  to  buy  .. 

ontennonger'a  love  of  a  good  strong  boot 
well  shod.     So 


their  predilection  in  this  respect,  that  a  coster- 
monger  may  be  immediately  known  by  a  glance 
at  his  feet.  He  will  part  with  everything  rather 
than  his  boots,  and  to  wear  a  pair  of  second- 
hand ones,  or  "translators"  (as  they  are  called),  is 
felt  as  a  bitter  degradation  by  them  all.  Among 
the  men,  this  pride  has  risen  to  such  a  pitoh, 
that  many  will  have  their  upper-leathers  tastily 
ornamented,  and  it  is  not  uncommon  to  see  the 
younger  men  of  this  class  with  a  heart  or  a 
thistle,  surrounded  by  a  wreath  of  roses,  worked 
below  the  instep,  on  their  boots.  The  general 
costume  of  the  women  or  girls  is  a  black 
velveteen  or  straw  bonnet,  with  a  few  ribbons  or 
flowers,  and  almost  always  a  net  cap  fitting 
closely  to  the  cheek.  The  silk  "  King's-man  " 
covering  their  shoulders,  is  sometimes  tucked 
into  the  neck  of  the  printed  cotton-gown,  and 
sometimes  the  ends  are  brought  down  outside 
to  the  apron-strings.  Silk  dresses  are  never 
worn  by  them— they  rather  despise  s«ch  arti- 
cles. The  petticoats  are  worn  short,  ending  at 
the  ankles,  just  high  enough  to  show  the 
whole  of  the  much-admired  boots.  Coloured, 
or  "  illustrated  shirts,"  as  they  are  called,  are 
especially  objected  to  by  the  men. 

On  the  Sunday  no  costermonge*  will,  if  he 
can  jH)ssibly  avoid  it,  wheel  a  barrow.  If  a 
shilling  he  an  especial  object  to  him,  he  may, 
perhaps,  take  his  shallow  and  head-basket  as 
far  as  Chalk-farm,  or  some  neighbouring  resort  ; 
but  even  then  he  objects  strongly  to  the  Sun- 
day-trading. They  leave  this  to  the  Jews  and 
Irish,  who  are  always  willing  to  earn  a  penny — 
as  they  say. 

The  prosperous  coster  will  have  his  holiday 
on  the  Sunday,  and,  if  possible,  his  Sunday  suit 
as  well  — which  usually  consists  of  a  rough 
heaver  hat.  brown  Petersham,  with  velvet 
facings  of  the  same  colour,  and  cloth  trousers, 
witli  stripes  down  the  side.  The  women,  gene- 
rally, manage  to  keep  by  them  a  cotton  gown 
of  a  bright  showy  pattern,  and  a  new  shawl. 
As  one  of  the  craft  said  to  me — "  Colters  likes 
•'.oirgals  and  whcs  look  lady-like  when 
they  takes  them  out."  Such  of  the  costers  as 
are  not  in  a  flourishing  \\,:y  of  busim-s^. 
dom  make  any  alteration  in  their  dress  on  the 

Then-   are  but    five    tailors    in    London    who 
make  the  garb  proper  to  costcrmongcrs  ;  one  of 
what  "  slop,"  or  as  a 
.illed  him,  a  "  springcr-up." 
This   spring«T-np  is    hlamcd    by  some  of  the 
cDstrrmongcrs,   who  (-mulcum   him  for  employ 
;-,en  at  reduced  w;iprs.     A  whole  court  o( 
•hdraw 

,.    if  one   of  thci» 

liody,   who   had    influcnc'  '  m,   showe<2 

that  the  tradesman  was  unjust  in  his  workpeople. 

;    '.Is   after  t! 

lowing    fashion.      1    give   one   verbatim,    i 
withholding  the  addrc-  ^   '  reasons  ; 

ill.    COME    AOAIs. 
..ut-amtl-o*!  ftattu*  Huilder. 
Mr. nab»  the  chum    of    putting   his  cu* 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tomers  awake,  that  he  has  just  made  his  escape 
from  Russia,  not  forgetting  to  clap  his  mawleys 
upon  some  of  the  right  sort  of  Ducks,  to  make 
single  and  double  backed  Slops  for  gentlemen 
in  black,  when  on  his  return  home  he  was 
stunned  to  find  one  of  the  top  manufacturers  of 
Manchester  had  cut  his  lucky  and  stepped  off 
to  the  Swan  Stream,  leaving  behind  him  a 
valuable  stock  of  Moleskins,  Cords,  Velve- 
teens, Plushes,  Swandowns,  &c.,  and  I  having 
some  ready  in  my  kick,  grabbed  the  chance, 
and  stepped  home  with  my  swag,  and  am  now 
safe  landed  at  my  crib.  I  can  turn  out  toggery 
of  every  description  very  slap  up,  at  the  fol- 
lowing low  prices  for 

Ready  Gilt — Tick  being  no  go. 
Upper  Benjamins,  built  on  a  downey  plan,  a 
monarch  to  half  a  finnuff.  Slap  up  Velveteen 
Togs,  lined  with  the  same,  1  pound  1  quarter 
and  a  peg.  Moleskin  ditto,  any  colour,  lined 
with  the  same,  1  couter.  A  pair  of  Kerseymere 
Kicksies,  any  colour,  built  very  slap  up,  with 
the  artful  dodge,  a  canary.  Pair  of  stout  Cord 
ditto,  built  in  the  '  Melton  Mowbray'  style,  half 
a  sov.  Pair  of  very  good  broad  Cord  ditto,  made 
very  saucy,  9  bob  and  a  kick.  Pair  of  long 
sleeve  Moleskin,  all  colours,  built  hanky-spanky, 
with  a  double  fakement  down  the  side  and  artful 
buttons  at  bottom,  half  a  monarch.  Pair  of  stout 
ditto,  built  very  serious,  9  times.  Pair  of  out- 
and-out  fancy  sleeve  Kicksies,  cut  to  drop  down 
on  the  trotters,  2  bulls.  Waist  Togs,  cut  long, 
with  moleskin  back  and  sleeves,  10  peg.  Blue 
Cloth  ditto,  cut  slap,  with  pearl  buttons,  14  peg. 
Mud  Pipes,  Knee  Caps,  and  Trotter  Cases,  built 
very  low. 

"  A  decent  allowance  made  to  Seedy  Swells, 
Tea  Kettle  Purgers,  Head  Robbers,  and  Flun- 
keys out  of  Collar. 

"  N.B.  Gentlemen  finding  their  own  Broady 
can  be  accommodated." 

OF  THE  DIET  AND  DRINK  OF  COSTER- 

MONGERS. 

IT  is  less  easy  to  describe  the  diet  of  coster- 
mongers  than  it  is  to  describe  that  of  many 
other  of  the  labouring  classes,  for  their  diet,  so 
to  speak,  is  an  "  out-door  diet"  They  break- 
fast at  a  coffee-stall,  and  (if  all  their  means  have 
been  expended  in  purchasing  their  stock,  and 
none  of  it  be  yet  sold)  they  expend  on  the 
meal  only  Id.,  reserved  for  the  purpose.  For 
this  sum  they  can  procure  a  small  cup  of  cof- 
fee, and  two  "  thin  "  (that  is  to  say  two  thin 
slices  of  bread  and  butter).  For  dinner — 
which  on  a  week-day  is  hardly  ever  eaten 
at  the  costermonger's  abode— they  buy  "block 
ornaments,"  as  they  call  the  small,  dark- 
coloured  pieces  of  meat  exposed  on  the  cheap 
butchers'  blocks  or  counters.  These  they  cook 
in  a  tap-room ;  half  a  pound  costing  Id.  If 
time  be  an  object,  the  coster  buys  a  hot  pie 
or  two;  preferring  fruit-pies  when  in  season, 
and  next  to  them  meat-pies.  "  We  never  eat 
eel-pies,"  said  one  man  to  me,  "  because  we 
Know  they're  often  made  of  large  dead  eels. 


We,  of  all  people,  are  not  to  be  had  that  way. 
But  the  haristocrats  eats  'em  and  never  knows 
the  difference."  I  did  not  hear  that  these  men 
had  any  repugnance  to  meat-pies  ;  but  the  use  of 
the  dead  eel  happens  to  come  within  the  im- 
mediate knowledge  of  the  costermongers,  who 
are,  indeed,  its  purveyors.  Saveloys,  with  a 
pint  of  beer,  or  a  glass  of  "  short "  (neat  gin) 
is  with  them  another  common  week-day  dinner. 
The  costers  make  all  possible  purchases  oi 
street-dealers,  and  pride  themselves  in  thus 
"sticking  to  their  own."  On  Sunday,  the 
costermonger,  when  not  "cracked  up,"  enjoys 
a  good  dinner  at  his  own  abode.  This  is 
always  a  joint — most  frequently  a  shoulder 
or  half-shoulder  of  mutton  —  and  invariably 
with  "lots  of  good  taturs  baked  alcng  with 
it"  In  the  quality  of  their  potatoes  these 
people  are  generally  particular. 

The  costermonger's  usual  beverage  is  beer, 
and  many  of  them  drink  hard,  having  no  other 
way  of  spending  their  leisure  but  in  drinking 
and  gambling.  It  is  not  unusual  in  "a  good 
time,"  for  a  costermonger  to  spend  12s.  out  of 
every  20*.  in  beer  and  pleasure. 

I  ought  to  add,  that  the  "  single  fellows," 
instead  of  living  on  "  block  ornaments"  and  the 
like,  live,  when  doing  well,  on  the  best  fare,  at 
the  "  spiciest  "  cook-shops  on  their  rounds,  or  in 
th ;  neighbourhood  of  their  residence. 

There  are  some  families  of  costermongers  who 
have  persevered  in  carrying  out  the  principles 
of  teetotalism.  One  man  thought  there  might 
be  200  individuals,  including  men,  women,  and 
children,  who  practised  total  abstinence  from 
intoxicating  drinks.  These  parties  are  nearly  all 
somewhat  better  off  than  their  drinking  com- 
panions. The  number  of  teetotallers  amongst 
the  costers,  however,  was  more  numerous  three 
or  four  years  back. 

OF  THE  CRIES,  ROUNDS,  AND  DAYS  OF 

COSTERMONGERS. 

I  shall  now  proceed  to  treat  of  the  London 
costermongers'  mode  of  doing  business. 

In  the  first  place  all  the  goods  they  sell  are 
cried  or  "hawked,"  and  the  cries  of  the  coster- 
mongers in  the  present  day  are  as  varied  as  the 
articles  they  sell.  The  principal  ones,  uttered 
in  a  sort  of  cadence,  are  now,  "Ni-ew  mackerel, 
6  a  shilling."  ("  I've  got  a  good  jacketing  many 
a  Sunday  morning,"  said  one  dealer,  "  for  waking 
people  up  with  crying  mackerel,  but  I've  said, 
'  I  must  live  while  you  sleep.'  ")  "  Buy  a  pair 
of  live  soles,  3  pair  for  6d." — or,  with  a  barrow, 
"Soles,  Id.  a  pair,  Id.  a  pair;"  "Plaice  alive, 
alive,  cheap;"  "Buy  JL  pound  crab,  cheap;" 
"Pine-apples,  \d.  a  slice;"  "Mussels  a  penny 
a  quart  ; "  "  Oysters,  a  penny  a  lot ; "  "  Salmon 
alive,  6d.  a  pound;"  "Cod  alive,  2d.  a  pound  ;" 
"  Real  Yarmouth  bloaters,  2  a  penny ;"  "  New 
herrings  alive,  16  a  groat"  (this  is  the  loudest 
cry  of  any);  "  Pe'hoy  a  bunch  turnips"  (the 
same  with  greens,  cabbages,  &c.) ;  "  All  new  nuts, 
Id.  half-pint;"  "Oranges,  2  a  penny;"  "All 
large  and  alive-O,  new  sprats,  O,  Id.  a  plate  ;" 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"Wi-ild  Hampshire  rabbits,  2  a  shilling;" 
"Cherry  ripe,  2rf.  a  pound;"  "Fine  ripe 
plums,  1  d.  a  pint ;  "  "  Ing-uns,  a  penny  a  quart ; ' ' 
"  Eels,  3lbs.  a  shilling — large  live  eels  31bs.  a 
shilling." 

The  continual  calling  in  the  streets  is  very 
distressing  to  ths  voice.  One  man  told  me  that 
it  had  broken  his,  and  that  very  often  while  out 
he  lost  his  voice  altogether.  "  They  seem  to 
have  no  breath,"  the  men  say,  "after  calling  for 
a  little  while."  The  repeated  shouting  brings 
on  a  hoarseness,  which  is  one  of  the  peculiar 
characteristics  of  hawkers  in  general.  The 
costers  mostly  go  out  with  a  boy  to  cry  their 
goods  for  them.  If  they  have  two  or  three  halloo- 
ing together,  it  makes  more  noise  than  one,  and 
the  boys  can  shout  better  and  louder  than  the 
men.  The  more  noise  they  can  make  in  a  place 
the  better  they  find  their  trade.  Street- selling 
has  been  so  bad  lately  that  many  have  been 
obliged  to  have  a  drum  for  their  bloaters,  "  to 
drum  the  fish  off,"  as  they  call  it 

In  the  second  place,  the  costermongers,.  as  I 
said  before,  have  mostly  their  little  bit  of  a 
"  round;"  that  is,  they  go  only  to  certain  places; 
and  if  they  don't  sell  their  goods  they  "  work 
back"  the  same  way  again.  If  they  visit  a 
respectable  quarter,  they  confine  themselves  to 
the  mews  near  the  gentlemen's  houses.  They 
generally  prefer  the  poorer  neighbourhoods. 
They  go  down  or  through  almost  all  the  courts 
and  alleys — and  avoid  the  better  kind  of  streets, 
unless  with  lobsters,  rabbits,  or  onions.  If  they 
have  anything  inferior,  they  visit  the  low  Irish 
districts — for  the  Irish  people,  they  say,  want 
only  quantity,  and  care  nothing  about  quality  — 
that  they  don't  study.  But  if  they  have  any- 
thing they  wish  to  make  a  price  of,  they  seek 
out  the  mews,  and  try  to  get  it  off  among  the 
gentlemen's  coachmen,  for  they  will  have  what 
is  good  ;  or  else  they  go  among  the  residences 
of  mechanics,— for  their  wives,  they  say,  like 
good-living  as  well  as  the  coachmen.  Some 
costers,  on  the  other  hand,  go  chance  rounds. 

Concerning  the  busiest  days  of  the  week  for 
the  coster's  trade,  they  say  Wednesdays  and 
Fridays  are  the  best,  because  they  are  regular 
fish  days.  These  two  days  are  considered  to  be 
those  on  which  the  poorer  classes  generally  run 
short  of  money.  Wednesday  night  is  called  "draw 
night"  among  some  mechanics  and  labourers 
—  that  is,  they  then  get  a  portion  of  their 
wages  in  advance,  and  on  Friday  they  run  short 
as  well  as  on  the  Wednesday,  and  have  to  make 
»hift  for  their  dinners.  With  the  few  halfpence 
they  have  left,  they  are  glad  to  pick  up  anything 
cheap,  and  the  street- fishmonger  never  refuses  an 

Besides,  he  can  supply  them  with  a  < 
dinner  than  any  other  person.    In  the  season  tin- 
poor  generally  dine  upon  herrings.     The  poorer 
classes  live  mostly  on  fish,  and  the  "  dropped  " 
rough  "  fish  is  bought  chiefly  for  the  poor. 
;ckster  has  no  respect  for  person*, 
howcYer;  one  assured  me  that  if  Prince  Halbert 
was  to  stop  him  in  the  street  to  buy  a  pair  of  soles 
• .  he'd  as  toon  sell  him  a  "  rough  pair  as  any 


other  man— indeed,  I'd  take  in  my  own  father," 
he  added,  "  if  he  wanted  to  deal  with  me." 
Saturday  is  the  worst  day  of  all  for  fish,  for  then 
the  poor  people  have  scarcely  anything  at  all  to 
spend ;  Saturday  night,  however,  the  street- 
seller  takes  more  money  than  at  any  other  time 
in  the  week. 

OF  THE  COSTERMONGERS  ON  THEIR  COUNTRY 

ROUNDS. 

SOME  costermongers  go  what  they  term  "  country 
rounds,"  and  they  speak  of  their  country  ex- 
peditions as  if  they  were  summer  excursions 
of  mere  pleasure.  They  are  generally  variations 
from  a  life  growing  monotonous.  It  was  com- 
puted for  me  that  at  present  three  out  of  every 
twenty  costermongers  "  take  a  turn  in  the  coun- 
try "  at  least  once  a  year.  Before  the  prevalence 
of  railways  twice  as  many  of  these  men  carried 
their  speculations  in  fish,  fruit,  or  vegetables  to 
a  country  mart  Some  did  so  well  that  they 
never  returned  to  London.  Two  for  instance, 
after  a  country  round,  settled  at  Salisbury ;  they 
are  now  regular  shopkeepers,  "  and  very  respect- 
able, too,"  was  said  to  me,  "  for  I  believe  they 
are  both  pretty  tidy  off  for  money ;  and  art 
growing  rich."  The  railway  communication 
supplies  the  local- dealer  with  fish,  vegetables, 
or  any  perishable  article,  with  such  rapidity 
and  cheapness  that  the  London  itinerant's 
occupation  in  the  towns  and  villages  about  the 
metropolis  is  now  half  gone. 

In  the  following  statement  by  a  costermonger, 
the  mode  of  life  on  a  country  round,  is  detailed 
with  something  of  an  assumption  of  metropolitan 
superiority. 

"  It  was  fine  times,  sir,  ten  year  back,  aye, 
and  five  year  back,  in  the  country,  and  it  ain't 
so  bad  now,  if  a  man's  known.  It  depends  on 
that  now  far  more  than  it  did,  and  on  a  man's 
knowing  how  to  work  a  village.  Why,  I  CPU 
tell  you  if  it  wasn't  for  such  as  me,  there's  many 
a  man  working  on  a  farm  would  never  taste 
such  a  nice  thing  as  a  fresh  herring — never,  sir. 
It's  a  feast  at  a  poor  country  labourer's  place, 
when  he  springs  six-penn'orth  of  fresh  herrings, 
some  for  supper,  and  some  in  salt  for  next  day. 
I've  taken  a  shillings' -worth  to  a  farmer's  doer 
of  a  darkish  night  in  a  cold  autumn,  and  they'd 
a  warm  and  good  dish  for  supper,  and  looked  on 
me  as  a  sort  of  friend.  We  carry  them  r> 
from  London  ;  and  they  like  London  relishes,  for 
we  know  how  to  set  them  off.  I've  fresh  herrinp-d 
a  whole  village  near  Guildford,  first  thing  in  the 
morning.  I've  drummed  round  Guildford  too, 
and  done  well.  I've  waked  up  Kingston  with 
herrings.  I've  been  as  welcome  as  anything  to 
the  soldiers  in  the  barracks  at  Brentwood,  and 
Horn  ford,  and  Maidstone  with  my  fresh  herrings; 
for  they're  good  customers.  In  two  days  I've 
made  '21.  out  of  10*.  worth  of  fresh  herrings, 
nought  at  Billingsgate.  I  always  lodge  at  a 
public-house  in  the  country;  so  do  all  < 
for  the  publicans  are  customers.  We  are  well 
received  At  the  public-houses ;  some  of  us  go 
r  the  handiness  of  the  '  lush.*  I've  dona 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pretty  well  with  red  herrings  in  the  country.  A 
barrel  holds  (say)  800.  We  sell  the  barrels  at 
6d.  a  piece,  and  the  old  women  fight  after  them. 
They  pitch  and  tar  them,  to  make  water-barrels. 
More  of  us  would  settle  in  the  country,  only 
there's  no  life  there." 

The  most  frequented  round  is  from  Lambeth 
to  Wandsworth,  Kingston,  Richmond,  Guildford, 
and  Farnham.  The  costermonger  is  then  "  sold 
out,"  as  he  calls  it, — he  has  disposed  of  his 
stock,  and  returns  by  the  way  which  is  most 
lightly  tolled,  no  matter  if  the  saving  of  Id.  or 
Id.  entail  some  miles  extra  travelling.  "  It  cost 
me  15d.  for  tolls  from  Guildford  for  an  empty 
cart  and  donkey,"  said  a  costermonger  just  up 
from  the  country. 

Another  round  is  to  Croydon,  Reigate,  and 
the  neighbourhoods  ;  another  to  Edgeware,  Kil- 
burn,  Watford,  and  Barnet;  another  to  Maid- 
stone  ;  but  the  costermonger,  if  he  starts  trading 
at  a  distance,  as  he  now  does  frequently,  has 
his  barrow  and  goods  sent  down  by  railway  to 
such  towns  as  Maidstone,  so  he  saves  the  delay 
and  cost  of  a  donkey-cart  A  "mate"  sees  to 
the  transmission  of  the  goods  from  London,  the 
owner  walking  to  Maidstone  to  be  in  readiness 
to  "  work"  them  immediately  he  receives  them. 
"  The  railway's  an  ease  and  a  saving,"  1  was 
told ;  "  I've  got  a  stock  sent  for  2s.,  and  a  don- 
key's keep  would  cost  that  for  the  time  it  would 
be  in  travelling.  There's  5,000  of  us,  I  think, 
might  get  a  living  in  the  country,  if  we  stuck  to 
it  entirely." 

If  the  country  enterprise  be  a  failure,  the  men 
sometimes  abandon  it  in  "  a  pet,"  sell  their  goods 
at  any  loss,  and  walk  home,  generally  getting 
drunk  as  the  first  step  to  their  return.  Some 
have  been  known  to  pawn  their  barrow  on  the 
road  for  drink.  This  they  call  "  doing  queer." 

In  summer  the  costermongers  carry  plums, 
peas,  new  potatoes,  cucumbers,  and  quantities 
of  pickling  vegetables,  especially  green  walnuts, 
to  the  country.  In  winter  their  commodities  are 
onions,  fresh  and  red  herrings,  and  sprats.  "  I 
don't  know  how  it  is,"  said  one  man  to  me, 
41  but  we  sell  ing-uns  and  all  sorts  of  fruits  and 
vegetables,  cheaper  than  they  can  buy  them 
where  they're  grown  ;  and  green  walnuts,  too, 
when  you'd  think  they  had  only  to  be  knocked 
off  a  tree." 

Another  costermonger  told  me  that,  in  the 
country,  he  and  his  mates  attended  every  dance 
or  other  amusement,  "if  it  wasn't  too  respect- 
able." Another  said:  "If  I'm  idle  in  the 
country  on  a  Sunday,  I  never  go  to  church.  I 
never  was  in  a  church ;  I  don't  know  why,  for 
my  silk  handkerchiefs  worth  more  than  one  of 
their  smock-frocks,  ar>d  is  quite  as  respectable." 

Some  costermongers  'onfine  their  exertions  to 
the  fairs  and  races,  and  many  of  them  are  con- 
nected with  the  gipsies,  who  are  said  to  be  the 
usual  receivers  of  the  stolen  handkerchiefs  at 
such  places. 

OF  THE  EARNINGS  OF  COSTERMONGERS. 
THE  earnings  of  the   costennongor — the   next 


subject  of  inquiry  that,  in  due  order,  present* 
itself — vary  as  much  as  m  more  fashionable 
callings,  for  he  is  greatly  dependent  on  tie 
season,  though  he  may  be  little  affected  by  Lon- 
don being  full  or  empty. 

Concurrent  testimony  supplied  me  with  the 
following  estimate  of  their  earnings.  I  cite  the 
average  earnings  (apart  from  any  charges  or 
drawbacks),  of  the  most  staple  commodities  : 

In  January  and  February  the  costers  generally 
sell  fish.  In  these  months  the  wealthier  of  the 
street  fishmongers,  or  those  who  can  always  com- 
mand "  money  to  go  to  market,"  enjoy  a  kind  of 
monopoly.  The  wintry  season  renders  the  supply 
of  fish  dearer  and  less  regular,  so  that  the  poorer 
dealers  cannot  buy  "  at  first  hand,"  and  some- 
times cannot  be  supplied  at  all ;  while  the  others 
monopolise  the  fish,  more  or  less,  and  will  not 
sell  it  to  any  of  the  other  street- dealers  until  a 
profit  has  been  realised  out  of  their  own  regular 
customers,  and  the  demand  partially  satisfied. 
"  Why,  I've  known  one  man  sell  10/.  worth  of 
fish  —  most  of  it  mackarel  —  at  his  stall  in 
Whitecross-street,"  said  a  costermonger  to  me, 
"  and  all  in  one  snowy  day,  in  last  January. 
It  was  very  stormy  at  that  time,  and  fish  came 
in  unregular,  and  he  got  a  haul.  I've  known 
him  sell  21.  worth  in  an  hour,  and  once  21.  10*. 
worth,  for  I  then  helped  at  his  stall.  If  people 
has  dinner  parties  they  must  have  fish,  and 
gentlemen's  servants  came  to  buy.  The  average 
earnings  however  of  those  that  "go  rounds" 
in  these  months  are  computed  not  to  exceed  8*. 
a  week  ;  Monday  and  Saturday  being  days  of 
little  trade  in  fish. 

"  March  is  dreadful,"  said  an  itinerant  fish 
seller  to  me ;  "  we  don't  average,  I'm  satisfied, 
more  nor  4*.  a  week.  I've  had  my  barrow  idle 
for  a  week  sometimes — at  home  every  day, 
though  it  had  to  be  paid  for,  all  the  same.  At 
the  latter  end  of  March,  if  it's  fine,  it's  1*.  a 
week  better,  because  there's  flower  roots  in  — 
'  all  a-growing,'  you  know,  sir.  And  that  lasts 
until  April,  and  we  then  make  above  6*.  a  week. 
I've  heard  people  say  when  I've  cried  '  all  a- 
growing  '  on  a  fine-ish  day,  'Aye,  now  summer's 
a-coming.'  I  wish  you  may  get  it,  says  I  to 
myself;  for  I've  studied  the  seasons." 

In  May  the  costermonger' s  profit  is  greater. 
He  vends  fresh  fish — of  which  there  is  a  greater 
supply  and  a  greater  demand,  and  the  fine  and 
oftc.'J  not  very  hot  weather  insures  its  freshness — 
and  he  sells  dried  herrings  and  "  roots  "  (as  they 
are  called)  such  as  wall -flowers  and  stocks. 
The  average  earnings  then  are  from  10*.  to 
12s.  a  week. 

In  June,  new  potatoes,  peas,  and  beans  tempt 
the  costermongers'  customers,  and  then  his  earn- 
ings rise  to  11.  a  week.  In  addition  to  this  I/., 
if  the  season  allow,  a  costermonger  at  the  end  of 
the  week,  I  was  told  by  an  experienced  hand, 
"  will  earn  an  extra  10*.  if  he  has  anything  of 
a  round,"  "  Why,  I've  cleared  thirty  shillings 
myself,"  he  added,  "  on  a  Saturday  night" 

In  July  cherries  are  the  principal  article  of 
traffic,  and  then  the  profit  varies  from  4*.  to  R* 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


a  day,  weather  permitting,  or  30s.  a  week  on  a 
low  average.  On  my  inquiry  if  they  did  not 
sell  fish  in  that  month,  the  answer  was,  "  No, 

sir ;    we  pitch   fish   to  the  ;    we  stick  to 

cherries,  strawberries,  raspberries,  and  ripe 
currants  and  gooseberries.  Potatoes  is  getting 
good  and  cheap  then,  and  so  is  peas.  Many  a 
round's  worth  a  crown  every  day  of  the  week." 

In  August,  the  chief  trading  is  in  Orleans 
plums,  green-gages,  apples  and  pears,  and  in 
this  month  the  earnings  are  from  5s.  to  6*.  a 
day.  [I  may  here  remark  that  the  costermon- 
:ire  little  to  deal  in  either  vegetables  or 
fish,  "when  the  fruit's  in,"  but  they  usually 
carry  a  certain  supply  of  vegetables  all  the  year 
round,  for  those  customers  who  require  them.] 

September  apples  are  vended,  and  about 
2*.  6d.  a  day  made. 

In  October  "  the  weather  gets  cold,"  I  was 
told,  "  and  the  apples  gets  fewer,  and  the  day's 
work's  over  at  four;  we  then  deals  most  in  fish, 
such  as  soles ;  there's  a  good  bit  done  in  oysters, 
and  we  may  make  1*.  or  Is.  6d.  a  day,  but  it's 
uncertain." 

l:i  November  fish  and  vegetables  are  the  chief 
commodities,  and  then  from  Is.  to  Is.  6d.  a  day 
is  made  ;  but  in  the  latter  part  of  the  month  an 
extra  tid.  or  Is.  a  day  may  be  cleared,  as  sprats 
come  in  and  sell  well  when  newly  introduced. 

In  December  the  trade  is  still  principally  in 
fish,  and  12rf.  or  ISd.  a  day  is  the  costermonger's 
earnings.  Towards  the  close  of  the  month  he 
rather  more,  as  he  deals  in  new  oranges 
and  lemons,  holly,  ivy,  &c.,  and  in  Christmas 
week  he  makes  3s.  or  4s.  a  day. 

These  calculations  give  an  average  of  about 
14*.  Gd.  a  week,  when  a  man  pursues  his  trade 
regularly.  One  man  calculated  it  for  me  at  15s. 
average  the  year  through — that  is  supposing, 
of  course,  that  the  larger  earnings  of  the  sum- 
mer are  carefully  put  by  to  eke  out  the  winter's 
incom  ed  hardly  say,  is  never  done. 

Prudence  is  a  virtue,  which   is   comparatively 
unknown  to  the  London  costermongers.     They 
:.o  knowledge  of  savings'-banks ;  and  to 
expect  that  they  themselves  should  keep  their 
money  by  them  untouched  for  months  (even  if 
they  had   the  means  of  so  doing)  is  simply  to 
ties— to  look  for  the  continued 
.nding  of  temptation  among  a  cla 
used   to  the  least  moral   or   prudential 

Some  costers,  I  am  told,  make  upwards  of  30*. 
a  week  all  the  year  round ;  but  allowing  t 
saiions  in  the  street-trade,  through  bad  * 

•.  ill-health,  or  casualty  of  any  kind,  and 
taking  the  more  prosperous  costers  with  • 
successful —  the   English  with  the  Irish  —  the 

:h  the  women — perhaps  10*. a  woe 
DC  a  lair  average  of  the  earnings  of  the  entire 
body  the  year  through. 

M  earning*,  I  am  assured,  were  five  yean 
*go  at  least  25  per  cent  higher;  some  sa 
made  half  as  much  again  :  "  I  can't  make  it 
out  how  it  is,"  said  one  man,  "  but  I  rcn 
that  I  could  go  out  and  soli  .shel  of 


fruit  in  a  day,  whi/n  sugar  was  iear,  and  now, 
when  sugar's  cheap,  I  can't  sell  three  bushel  on 
the  same  round.  Perhaps  we  want  thinning." 

Such  is  the  state  of  the  working- classes  ;  say 
all  the  costers,  they  have  little  or  no  money  to 
spend.  "Why,  I  can  assure  you,"  declared  one  of 
the  parties  from  whom  I  obtained  much  import- 
ant information,  "  there's  my  missis — she  sits  at 
the  corner  of  the  street  with  fruit  Eight  years 
ago  she  would  have  taken  8*.  out  of  that  street 
on  a  Saturday,  anu  last  Saturday  week  she  had 
one  bushel  of  apples,  which  cost  1*.  6d.  She 
was  out  from  ten  in  the  morning  till  ten  at  night, 
and  all  she  took  that  day  was  Is.  l\d.  Go  to 
whoever  you  will,  you  will  hear  much  upon  the 
same  thing."  Another  told  me,  "  The  costers 
are  often  obliged  to  sell  the  tilings  for  what  they 
gave  for  them.  The  people  haven't  got  money 
to  lay  out  with  them — they  tell  us  so ;  and  if 
they  are  poor  we  must  be  poor  too.  If  we  can't 
get  a  profit  upon  what  goods  we  buy  with  our 
stock-money,  let  it  be  our  own  or  anybody's 
else,  we  are  compelled  to  live  upon  it,  and  when 
that's  broken  into,  we  must  either  go  to  the 
workhouse  or  starve.  If  we  go  to  the  workhouse, 
they'll  give  us  a  piece  of  dry  bread,  and  abuse  us 
worse  than  dogs."  Indeed,  the  whole  course  of  r  / 
my  narratives  shows  how  the  costers  generally —  y 
though  far  from  universally — complain  of  the 
depressed  state  of  their  trade.  The  following 
statement  was  given  to  me  by  a  man  who,  for 
twelve  years,  had  been  a  stall-keeper  in  a  street- 
market  It  shows  to  what  causes  he  (and  I 
found  others  express  similar  opinions)  attributes 
the  depression : — 

"  1  never  knew  things  so  bad  as  at  present — 
never  !  I  had  six  prime  cod-fish,  weighing  151bs. 
to  20lbs.  each,  yesterday  and  the  day  before,  and 
had  to  take  two  home  with  me  last  night,  and 
lost  money  on  the  others — besides  all  my  time, 
and  trouble,  and  expense.  I  had  100  herrings, 
too,  that  cost  3s. — prime  quality,  and  I  only  sold 
ten  out  of  them  in  a  whole  day.  I  had  two  pads 
of  soles,  sir,  and  lost  4s. — that  is  one  pad — by 
them.  I  took  only  4s.  the  first  day  I  laid  in  this 
stock,  and  only  2*.  6d.  the  next ;  I  then  had  to 
sell  for  anything  I  could  get,  and  throw  some 
away.  Yet,  people  say  mine's  a  lazy,  easy  life. 
I  think  the  fall  off"  is  owing  to  meat  being  so 
cheap,  'cause  people  buy  that  rather  than  my 
goods,  as  they  think  there's  more  stay  in  it. 
I'm  afeard  things  will  get  worse  too."  (He  then 
added  by  way  of  tei/nitur,  though  it  is  difficult 
to  follow  the  reasoning,)  "If  this  here  is  free- 
trade,  then  to  h—  with  it,  I  say !" 

OF  THE  CAPITAL  AND  INCOME  OF  THE 

COSTERMONOEKS. 

I  shall  now  pass,  from  the  ennsideration  of  the 

individual   earnings   t«   the   income  and  capital 

i  real   pains   have    been 

e  exactitude  on  these  points,  and 

the    following  rali-iilations  are  certainly  below 

the  mark.     In  order  to  be  within  due  bounds, 

I    will    take    the    <  <•  t<  rmongers,    exclusive    of 

vc»  and  families,  at  10,000,  whereas  it 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


would  appear  that  their  numbers  are  upwards 
of  11,000. 

1,000  carts,  at  31.  3i.  each £3,150 

[Donkeys,  and  occasionally   ponies,  are 

harnessed  to  barrows.] 

5.0CO  barrows,  at  21.  each       .     .          .     10,000 
1,500  donkeys,  at  II.  5s.  each     .     .     .       1,875 
[One  intelligent  man  thought  there  were 
2,000  donkeys,  but  I  account  that  in 
excess.] 

200  ponies,  at  51.  each 1,000 

[Some  of  these  ponies,  among  the  very 
first-class  men,   are  wonn  20/. :    one 
was  sold  by  a  coster  for  30/.] 
1,700  sets  of  harness,  at  5s.  each     .     .          425 

[All  calculated  as  worn  and  second-hand.] 
4,000  baskets  (or  shallows),  at  1*.  each          200 
3,500  stalls  or  standings,  at  5s.  each     .          875 
[The  stall  and  barrow  men  have  generally 

baskets  to  be  used  when  required.] 
10,000  weights,  scales,  and  measures, 

at  2s.  6d.  each 1,250 

[It  is  difficult  to  estimate  this  item  with 
exactitude.     Many  averaged  the  value 
at  3*.  4d.] 
Stock-money    for    10,000    costers,    at 

10*.  each 5,000 

Total  capital  .  .  .  £2^135 


Upwards  of  24,000/.,  then,  at  the  most  mo- 
derate  computation,  represents  the  value  of  the 
animals,  vehicles,  and  stock,  belonging  to  the 
costermongers  in  the  streets  of  London. 

The  keep  of  the  donkeys  is  not  here  mixed 
up  with  their  value,  and  I  have  elsewhere 
spoken  of  it 

The  whole  course  of  my  narrative  shows  that 
the  bulk  of  the  property  in  the  street  goods, 
and  in  the  appliances  for  their  sale,  is  in  the 
hands  of  usurers  as  well  as  of  the  costers.  The 
following  account  shows  the  sum  paid  yearly 
by  the  London  costermongers  for  the  hire,  rent, 
or  interest  (I  have  heard  each  word  applied)  of 
their  barrows,  weights,  baskets,  and  stock : 

Hire  of  3,000  barrows,  at  1*.  3d.  a  week  £14,000 
Hire  of  600  weights,  scales,  &c.,  at 
Is.  Gd.  a  week  for  2,  and  6d.  a  week 

for  10  months 1,020 

Hire  of  100  baskets,  &c.,  at  6d.  a  week       6,500 
Interest   on   2,500f.    stock-money,   at 

125/.  per  week 6,500 

[Calculating  at  1*.  interest  weekly  for  20*.] 

Total  paid  for  hire  and  interest  £22,550 

Concerning  the  income  of  the  entire  body  of 
costermongers  in  the  metropolis,  I  estimate  the 
earnings  of  the  10,000  costermongers,  taking 
the  average  of  the  year,  at  10s.  weekly.  My 
own  observation,  the  result  of  my  inquiries,  con- 
firmed by  the  opinion  of  some  of  the  most 
intelligent  of  the  costermongers,  induce  me  to 
adopt  this  amount.  It  must  be  remembered, 
that  if  some  costermongers  do  make  30s.  a  week 
through  the  year,  others  will  not  earn  a  fourth 
of  it,  and  hence  many  of  the  complaints  and 
sufferings  of  the  class.  Then  there  is  the  draw- 


back in  the  sum  paid  for  "  hire,"  "  interest," 
&c.,  by  numbers  of  these  people ;  so  that  i* 
appears  to  me,  that  if  we  assume  the  income  of 
the  entire  body— including  Irish  and  English- 
to  be  15s.  a  week  per  head  in  the  summer,  and 
5s.  a  week  each  in  the  winter,  as  the  two  ex- 
tremes, or  a  mean  of  10s.  a  week  all  the  yeai 
through,  we  shall  not  be  far  out  either  way. 
The  aggregate  earnings  of  the  London  coster- 
mongers, at  this  rate,  are  5,0001.  per  week,  or 
260.000/.  yearly.  Reckoning  that  30,000  indi- 
viduals have  to  be  supported  out  of  this  sum,  it 
gives  an  average  of  3s.  4rf.  a  week  per  head. 

But  it  is  important  to  ascertain  not  only  the 
earnings  or  aggregate  amount  of  profit  made  by 
the  London  costermongers  in  the  course  of  the 
year,  but  likewise  their  receipts,  or  aggregate 
amount  of  "  takings,"  and  thus  to  arrive  at  the 
gross  sum  of  money  annually  laid  out  by  the 
poorer  classes  of  the  metropolis  in  the  matter 
of  fish,  fruit,  and  vegetables  alone.  Assuming 
that  the  average  profits  of  the  costermongers 
are  at  the  rate  of  25  per  cent  (and  this,  I  am 
satisfied,  is  a  high  estimate  —  for  we  should 
remember,  that  though  cent  per  cent  may  be 
frequently  obtained,  still  their  "  goods,"  being  of 
a  "  perishable"  nature,  are  as  frequently  lost  or 
sold  off  at  a  "tremendous  sacrifice");  assuming 
then,  I  say,  that  the  average  profits  of  the  entire 
10,000  individuals  are  25  per  cent  on  the  cost- 
price  of  their  stock,  and  that  the  aggregate 
amount  of  their  profits  or  earnings  is  upwards 
of  260,000/.,  it  follows  that  the  gross  sum  of 
money  laid  out  with  the  London  costers  in 
the  course  of  the  twelvemonth  is  between 
1,250,000/.  and  1,500,000/.  sterling— a  sum  so 
enormous  as  almost  to  make  us  believe  that 
the  tales  of  individual  want  are  matters  of  pure 
fiction.  Large,  however,  as  the  amount  ap- 
pears in  the  mass,  still,  if  distributed  among  the 
families  of  the  working  men  and  the  poorer  class 
of  Londoners,  it  will  be  found  that  it  allows  but 
the  merest  pittance  per  head  per  week  for  the 
consumption  of  those  articles,  which  may  be 
fairly  said  to  constitute  the  staple  commodities 
of  the  dinners  and  "  desserts  !  "  of  the  poor. 

OF  THE  PROVIDENCE  AND  IMPROVIDENCE 

OF  COSTERMONGERS. 

THE  costermongers,  like  all  wandering  tribes, 
have  generally  no  foresight ;  only  an  exceptional 
few  are  provident — and  these  are  mostly  the 
more  intelligent  of  the  class — though  some  of 
the  very  ignorant  do  occasionally  save.  The 
providence  of  the  more  intelligent  costennonger 
enables  him  in  some  few  cases  to  become  "  a 
settled  man,"  as  I  have  before  pointed  out  He 
perhaps  gets  to  be  the  proprietor  of  a  coal- shed, 
with  a  greengrocery  and  potato  business  attached 
to  it ;  and  with  the  usual  trade  in  oysters  and 
ginger-beer.  He  may  too,  sometimes,  have  a  sum 
of  money  in  the  savings'-bank,  or  he  may  invest 
it  in  the  purchase  of  a  lease  of  the  premises  he 
occupies,  or  expend  it  in  furnishing  the  rooms  oi 
his  house  to  let  them  out  to  single-men  lodgers; 
or  he  may  become  an  usurer,  and  lend  out  he 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


money  to  his  less  provident  brethren  at  1040/. 
per  cent  per  annum  ;  or  he  may  purchase  largely 
at  the  markets,  and  engage  youths  to  sell  his 
surplus  stock  at  half  profits. 

The  provident  costermonger,  who  has  thus 
"got  on  in  the  world,"  is  rarely  speculative.  He 
can  hardly  be  induced  to  become  a  member  of  a 
"building"  or  "  freehold  land"  society,  for  in- 
stance. He  has  been  accustomed  to  an  almost 
immediate  return  for  his  outlays,  and  distrusts 
any  remote  or  contingent  profit,  A  regular  cos- 
termonger—or  any  one  who  has  been  a  regular 
costermonger,  in  whatever  trade  he  may  be  after- 
wards engaged — generally  dies  intestate,  let  his 
property  be  what  it  may ;  but  there  is  seldom 
any  dispute  as  to  the  disposition  of  his  effects  : 
the  widow  takes  possession  of  them,  as  a  matter 
of  course.  If  there  be  grown-up  children,  they 
may  be  estranged  from  home,  and  not  trouble 
their  heads  about  the  matter ;  or,  if  not  es- 
tranged, an  amicable  arrangement  is  usually 
come  to.  The  costermongers'  dread  of  all  courts 
of  law,  or  of  anything  connected  with  the  law, 
is  only  second  to' their  hatred  of  the  police. 

The  more  ignorant  costermonger,  on  the  other 
hand,  if  he  be  of  a  saving  turn,  and  have  no 
great  passion  for  strong  drink  or  gaming,  is  often 
afraid  to  resort  to  the  simple  modes  of  invest- 
ment which  I  have  mentioned.  He  will  rather 
keep  money  in  his  pocket ;  for,  though  it  does 
not  fructify  there,  at  least  it  is  safe.  But  this 
is  only  when  provided  with  a  donkey  or  pony 
:"  when  not  so  provided,  he  will 
"  suit  himself  forthwith.  If,  however,  he  have 
saved  a  little  money,  and  have  a  craving  after 
gambling  or  amusements,  he  is  sure  at  last  to 
squander  it  that  way.  Such  a  man,  without  any 
craving  for  drink  or  gaming,  will  often  continue 
to  pay  usuriously  for  the  hire  of  his  barrow,  not 
suspecting  that  he  is  purchasing  it  over  and 
over  and  over  again,  in  his  weekly  payments. 
To  suggest  to  him  that  he  might  place  his 
money  in  a  bank,  is  to  satisfy  him  that  he  would 
be  "had"  in  some  way  or  other,  as  he  believes 
all  banks  and  public  institutions  to  be  connected 
with  government,  and  the  taxes,  and  the  police. 
Were  any  one  to  advise  a  man  of  this  class — and 
it  must  be  remembered  that  I  am  speaking  of 
the  ignorant  costers  —  to  invest  a  spare  50 /. 
(supposing  he  possessed  it)  in  the  "  three  per 
it  would  but  provoke  a  snappish  remark 
that  he  knew  nothing  about  them,  and  would 
hare  nothing  to  do  with  them ;  for  he  would 
be  satisfied  that  there  was  "  some  chcatery  at 
the  bottom.  '  If  he  could  be  made  to  under- 
stand what  is  meant  by  8/.  per  centum  per 
annum,  he  would  be  sure  to  be  indignant  at  the 
robbery  of  giving  only  1\d.  for  the  use  of  R 
fo-  a  w'hole  year  ! 
I  may  state,  in  conclusion,  that  a  costermonger 

Haas  I  hare  been  descrih 

to  give  change  for  a  five-po  he  will 

-when  he  knows  "  the  party" 
—than  change,  even  if  he  hare  it.  If,  howevei, 
he  fee  I,  rather  than  offend  a  r 

take   the   note,    he  will    not    rest 


until  he  has  obtained  sovereigns  for  it  at  a 
neighbouring  innkeeper's,  or  from  some  trades- 
man to  whom  he  is  known.  "  Sovereigns," 
said  one  man,  and  not  a  very  ignorant  man, 
to  me,  "  is  something  to  lay  hold  on ;  a  note 
ain't." 

Moreover,  should  one  of  the  more  ignorant, 
having  tastes  for  the  beer-shop,  &c.,  meet  with 
"a  great  haul,"  or  save  51.  by  some  continuous 
industry  (which  he  will  most  likely  set  down  as 
"luck"),  he  will  spend  it  idly  or  recklessly  in 
dissipation  and  amusement,  regardless  of  the 
coming  winter,  whatever  he  may  have  suffered 
during  the  past  Nor,  though  they  know,  from 
the  bitterest  experience,  that  their  earnings  in 
the  winter  are  not  half  those  of  the  rest  of  the 
year,  and  that  they  are  incapacitated  from 
pursuing  their  trade  in  bad  weather,  do  they 
endeavour  to  make  the  extra  gains  of  their  best 
time  mitigate  the  want  of  the  worst 

OF  THE  COSTERMONGERS  IN  BAD  WEATHER 

AND  DURING  THE  CHOLERA. 
"  THREE  wet  days,"  I  was  told  by  a  clergy- 
man, who  is  now  engaged  in  selling  stenographic 
cards  in  the  streets,  "  will  bring  the  greater  part 
of  30,000  street-people  to  the  brink  of  starva- 
tion." This  .statement,  terrible  as  it  is,  is  not 
exaggerated.  The  average  number  of  wet  days 
every  year  in  London  is,  according  to  the  records 
of  the  Royal  Society,  161 — that  is  to  say,  rain 
falls  in  the  metropolis  more  than  three  days  in 
each  week,  and  very  nearly  every  other  day 
throughout  the  year.  How  precarious  a  means 
of  living  then  must  street- selling  be  ! 

AVhen  a  costermonger  cannot  pursue  his  out- 
door labour,  he  leaves  it  to  the  women  and 
children  to  "work  the  public -houses,"  while 
he  spends  his  time  in  the  beer-shop.  Here  he 
gambles  away  his  stock-money  oft  enough,  "if 
the  cards  or  the  luck  runs  again  him;"  or 
else  he  has  to  dip  into  his  stock-money  to 
support  himself  and  his  family.  He  must 
then  borrow  fresh  capital  at  any  rate  of  ii 
to  begin  again,  and  he  begins  on  a  small 
It"  it  he  in  the  cheap  and  busy  seasons,  he  may 
buy  a  pad  of  soles  for  Is.  uV.,  and  clear  5*.  on 
them,  and  that  "  sets  him  a-going  again,  and 
then  he  gets  his  silk  handkerchief  out  of  pawn, 
and  goes  as  usual  to  market." 

The  sufferings  of  the  costermongers  during 
the  prevalence  of  the  cholera  in  Is  I!',  were  in- 
tense.    Their  customers  generally  relinquished 
.sumption  of  potatoes,   greens,  fruit,  and 
fish  ;   indeed,  of  almost  every  article  on  the  con- 
sumption  of    which    the  costermongers   <;• 
for    his    daily    bread.        Many    wi-r. 
apply   to   the    parish  ;    "  many    had    relief   ami 
many  hadn't,"'    I  was  told.     Two  younp 
within  the  knowledge  of  one  of  my  informant*, 
became    professional     thieves,    after     enduring 
much  destitution.     It  does  not  appear  tl 

ongers  manifested  any  personal  dread  of 

the  visitation  of  the    cholera,  or  thought  thai 

their  liven  were  imperil^  a  bil 

f  them,  "  and,  perhaps,  thai 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


was  the  reason  so  few  costers  died  of  the  cholera. 
I  knew  them  all  in  Lambeth,  I  think,  and  I 
knew  only  one  die  of  it,  and  he  drank  hard. 
Voor  Waxy  !  he  was  a  good  fellow  enough,  and 
*-as  well  known  in  the  Cut.  But  it  was  a  ter- 
rible time  for  us,  sir.  It  seems  to  me  now  like 
a  shocking  dream.  Fish  I  could' nt  sell  a  bit 
of;  the  people  had  a  perfect  dread  of  it — all 
but  the  poor  Irish,  and  there  was  no  making  a 
crust  out  of  them.  They  had  no  dread  of  fish, 
however ;  indeed,  they  reckon  it  a  religious  sort 
of  living,  living  on  fish, — but  they  will  have 
"*  dirt  jheap.  We  were  in  terrible  distress  all 
that  time." 

OF    THE    COSTERMONGERS'   RAFFLES. 

IN  their  relief  of  the  sick,  if  relief  it  is  to  be 
called,  the  costermongers  resort  to  an  exciting 
means  ;  something  is  raffled,  and  the  proceeds 
given  to  the  sufferer.  This  mode  is  common  to 
other  working- classes;  it  partakes  of  the  excite- 
ment of  gambling,  and  is  encouraged  by  the 
landlords  of  the  houses  to  which  the  people 
resort.  The  landlord  displays  the  terms  of  the 
raffle  in  his  bar  a  few  days  before  the  occur- 
rence, which  is  always  in  the  evening.  The 
raffle  is  not  confined  to  the  sick,  but  when  any 
one  of  the  class  is  in  distress — that  is  to  say, 
without  stock-money,  and  unable  to  borrow  it, 
— a  raffle  for  some  article  of  his  is  called  at 
a  public-house  in  the  neighbourhood.  Cards 
are  printed,  and  distributed  among  his  mates. 
The  article,  let  it  be  whatever  it  may — perhaps 
a  handkerchief -is  put  up  at  6d.  a  member,  and 
from  twenty  to  forty  members  are  got,  according 
as  the  man  is  liked  by  his  "mates,"  or  as  he  has 
assisted  others  similarly  situated.  The  paper 
of  every  raffle  is  kept  by  the  party  calling  it,  and 
before  he  puts  his  name  down  to  a  raffle  for  an- 
other party,  he  refers  to  the  list  of  subscribers 
to  his  raffle,  in  order  to  see  if  the  person  ever 
assisted  him.  Raffles  are  very  "  critical  things, 
the  pint  pots  fly  about  wonderful  sometimes" — 
to  use  the  words  of  one  of  my  informants.  The 
party  calling  the  raffle  is  expected  to  take 
the  chair,  if  he  can  write  down  the  subscribers' 
names  One  who  had  been  chairman  at  one  of 
these  meetings  assured  me  that  on  a  particular 
occasion,  having  called  a  "general  dealer"  to 
order,  the  party  very  nearly  split  his  head  open 
with  a  quart  measure.  If  the  hucksters  know 
that  the  person  calling  the  raffle  is  "  down," 
and  that  it  is  necessity  that  has  made  him  call 
it,  they  will  not  allow  the  property  put  up  to  be 
thrown  for.  "  If  you  was  to  go  to  the  raffle 
to-night,  sir,"  said  one  of  them  to  me,  many 
months  ago,  before  I  became  known  to  the  class, 
"  they'd  say  to  one  another  directly  you  come 
in.  '  Who's  this  here  swell  ?  What's  he  want  ?  ' 
And  they'd  think  you  were  a  '  cad,'  or  else 
:\  M>V.  come  from  the  police.  But  they'd  treat 
you  civilly,  I'm  sure.  Some  very  likely  would 
fancy  you  was  a  fast  kind  of  a  gentleman, 
come  there  for  a  lark.  But  you  need  have  no 
frur,  though  the  pint  pots  does  fly  about  some- 


OF   THE   MARKETS   AND   TRADE  RIGHTS  OF 
THE   COSTERONGERS,   AND   OF    THE    LAWS 

AFFECTING    THEM. 

THE  next  point  of  consideration  is  what  are  the 
legal  regulations  under  which  the  several  de- 
scriptions of  hawkers  and  pedlars  are  allowed  to 
pursue  their  occupations. 

The  laws,  concerning  hawkers  and  pedlars, 
(50  Geo.  III.,  c.  41,  and  6  Geo.  IV.,  c.  80,) 
treat  of  tliem  as  identical  callings.  The 
"hawker,"  however,  is,  strictly  speaking,  one 
who  sells  wares  by  crying  them  in  the  streets 
of  towns,  while  the  pedlar  travels  on  foot  through 
the  country  with  his  wares,  not  publicly  pro- 
claiming them,  but  visiting  the  houses  on  his 
way  to  solicit  private  custom.  Until  the  com- 
mencement of  the  present  century — before  the 
increased  facilities  for  conveyance — the  pedlars 
were  a  numerous  body  in  the  country.  The 
majority  of  them  were  Scotchmen  and  some 
amassed  considerable  wealth.  Railways,  how- 
ever, have  now  reduced  the  numbers  to  insig- 
nificance. 

Hawkers  and  pedlars  are  required  to  pay  47. 
yearly  for  a  license,  and  an  additional  4/.  for 
every  horse  or  ass  employed  in  the  conveyance 
of  wares.  The  hawking  or  exposing  for  sale  of 
fish,  fruit,  or  victuals,  does  not  require  a  license  ; 
and  further,  it  is  lawful  for  any  one  "  being  the 
maker  of  any  home  manufacture,"  to  expose 
it  for  sale  in  any  fair  or  market,  without  a 
warrant  Neither  does  anything  in  either  ol 
the  two  acts  in  question  prohibit  "  any  tinker, 
cooper,  glazier,  plumber,  harness-mender,  or 
other  person,  from  going  about  and  carrying  the 
materials  proper  to  their  business." 

The  right  of  the  costermongers,  then,  to 
"  hawk "  their  wares  through  the  streets  is 
plainly  inferred  by  the  above  acts ;  that  is  to 
say,  nothing  in  them  extends  to  prohibit  persons 
'  going  about,"  unlicensed,  and  at  their  own 
discretion,  and  selling  fish,  vegetables,  fruit,  or 
provisions  generally. 

The  law  acknowledges  none  of  the  street 
"markets."  These  congregatings  are,  indeed, 
in  antagonism  to  the  municipal  laws  of  London, 
which  provide  that  no  market,  or  public  place 
where  provisions  are  sold,  shall  be  held  within 
seven  miles  of  the  city.  The  law,  though  it 
permits  butchers  and  other  provisionmongers  to 
liire  stalls  and  standings  in  the  flesh  and  other 
markets,  recognised  by  custom  or  usage,  gives 
no  such  permission  as  to  street- trading. 

The  right  to  sell  provisions  from  stands  in  the 
streets  of  the  metropolis,  it  appears,  is  merely 
permissive.  The  regulation  observed  is  this: 
where  the  costermongers  or  other  street- dealers 
have  been  in  the  habit  of  standing  to  sell  their 
goods,  they  are  not  to  be  disturbed  by  the  police 
unless  on  complaint  of  an  adjacent  shopkeeper 
or  other  inhabitant  If  such  a  person  shows  that 
the  costermonger,  whose  stand  is  near  his  pre- 
mises, is  by  his  improper  conduct  a  nuisance, 
or  that,  by  his  clamour  or  any  peculiarity  in  his 
mode  of  business,  he  causes  a  crowd  to  gathci 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


61 


and  obstruct  the  thoroughfare,  the  policeman's 
duty  is  to  remove  him.  If  the  complaint  from 
the  inhabitants  against  the  street-sellers  be  at 
all  general  the  policemen  of  the  beat  report  it 
to  the  authorities,  taking  no  steps  until  they 
receive  instructions. 

It  is  somewhat  anomalous,  however,  that  the 
law  now  recognises— inferentially  it    is  true — 
the  right  of  costermongers  to  carry  about  their 
poods  for  sale.    Formerly  the  stands  were  some- 
tolerated,  but  not  the  itinerancy. 

The  enactments  of  the  Common-council  from 
the  time  of  Elizabeth  are  stringent  against 
itinerant  traders  of  all  descriptions,  but  stringent 
to  no  purpose  of  prevention.  In  16'07,  a  Com- 
mon-council enactment  sets  forth,  that  "  many 
People  of  badd  and  lewde  Condicon  daylie 
resorte  from  the  most  Parte  of  this  Realme  to  the 
said  Cyttie,  Suburbes,  and  Places  adjoininge,  pro- 
curinge  themselves  small  Habytacons,  namely, 
one  Chamber- Roome  for  a  poore  Forreynor  and 
his  Familye.  in  a  small  Cottage  with  some  other 
as  poore  as  himself  in  the  Cyttie,  Suburbes,  or 
Places  adjacente,  to  the  great  Increase  and 
\\^  of  this  Cyttie  with  poore  People; 
many  of  them  proovinge  Shifters,  lyvinge  by 
nge,  Stealinge,  and  Imbeazellinge  of 
Mens  Gooddes  as  Opportunitye  may  serve  them, 
remoovinge  from  Place  to  Place  accordinglye  ; 
many  Tymes  runninge  away,  forsakinge  their 
and  Children,  leavinge  them  to  the 
Charge  of  the  said  Cyttie,  and  the  Hospitalles 
of  the  same." 

It  was  towards  this  class  of  men  who,  by 
their  resort  to  the  capital,  recruited  the  numbers 
of  the  street-sellers  and  public  porters  and 
others  that  the  jealousy  of  the  Corporation 
was  directed.  The  city  shop-keepers,  three  cen- 
turies ago,  complained  vehemently  and  continu- 
ously of  the  injuries  inflicted  on  their  trade  by 
.t  dealers,  complaints  which  led  to  boot- 
leM  enactments.  In  Elizabeth's  reign  the  Court 
of  Common  Council  declared  that  the  streets  of 
the  city  should  be  used,  as  in  ancient  times,  for 
the  common  highway,  and  not  for  the  traffic  of 
rs,  pedlars,  and  hagglers.  But  this 
traffic  increased,  and  in  1632  another  enactment 
•ras  accounted  necessary.  Oyster-wives,  herb- 
wires,  tripe-wives,  and  all  such  "  unruly  peo- 
"hreatened  with  the  full  pains  and 
penalties  of  the  outraged  law  if  they  p.  • 

i   of  their  callings,  which   are 
stigmatised  as  "a  way  whcn-hy  to  live  a  more 

n  by  labour."       In'llil'K  the 
sellers  were  menaced  with  the  punishments  then 
<••nu.il  suitable   for  arrant   ro^m  s    and   sturdy 
beggars — whipping;  and  that  remedy  to  be  ap- 
plied alike  to  males  and  fem.i 
of  these  Vagrant 

ancestors"  in  "the  good  old 

Parliament 

*n»cted,   that,   while  the    inn  hould 

receive  !icen*es  from   t:  «f  the  peace 

o>  beg  within  certain  limit*,  all  men  and  women, 


"being  whole  and  mighty  in  body,  and  able  to 
labour,"  if  found  vagrant  and  unable  to  give  an 
account  as  to  how  they  obtained  their  living, 
should  be  apprehended  by  the  constables,  tied 
to  the  tail  of  a  cart  naked,  and  beaten  with  whips 
through  the  nearest  market- town,  or  hamlet, 
"  till  their  bodies  be  bloody  by  reason  of  such 
whipping ! "  Five  years  afterwards  it  was  added, 
that,  if  the  individual  had  been  once  already 
whipped,  he  or  she  should  not  only  be  whipped 
again,  but  "  also  shall  have  the  upper  part  of 
the  gristle  of  his  ear  clean  cut  off,  so  as  it  may 
appear  for  a  perpetual  token  hereafter  that  he 
hath  been  a  contemner  of  the  good  order  of  the 
commonwealth."  And  finally,  in  1562,  it  was 
directed  that  any  beggar  convicted  of  being  a 
vagabond  should,  after  being  grievously  whipped, 
be  burnt  through  the  gristle  of  the  right  ear 
"  with  a  hot  iron  of  the  compass  of  an  inch 
about,"  unless  some  person  should  agree  to 
take  him  as  a  servant — of  course  without  wages 
— for  a  year;  tlien,  that  if  he  twice  ran  away 
from  such  master,  he  should  be  adjudged  a 
felon  ;  and  that  if  he  ran  away  a  third  time,  he 
should  "  suffer  pains  of  death  and  loss  of  land 
and  goods  as  a  felon,  without  benefit  of  clergy 
or  sanctuary." 

The  only  acts  now  in  force  which  regulate 
the  government  of  the  streets,  so  to  speak,  are 
those  best  known  as  Michael  Angelo  Taylor's 
Act,  and  the  2  &  3  Vic.,  best  known  as  the 
Police  Act. 

OF  THE  REMOVALS  OF  COSTERMONOERS 

FROM  THE  STREETS. 

SUCH  are  the  laws  concerning  street  trading  : 
let  us  now  see  the  effect  of  them. 

Within  these  three  months,  or  little  more,  there 
have  been  many  removals  of  the  costermongers 
from  their  customary  standings  in  the  streets. 
This,  as  I  have  stated,  is  never  done,  unless  tin- 
shopkeepers  represent  to  the  police  that  the  cos- 
termongers are  an  injury  and  a  nuisance  to  ihem 
in  the  prosecution  of  their  respective  trades. 
The  costermongers,  for  the  most  part,  know 
nothing  of  the  representation  of  the  shopkeepers, 
so  that  perhaps  the  first  intimation  that  they 
must  "  quit"  comes  from  the  policemen,  who 
thus  incur  the  full  odium  of  the  measure,  the 
majority  of  the  street  people  esteeming  it  a  mere 
arbitrary  act  on  the  part  of  the  members  of 
the  force. 

The    first    removal,    recently,    took    place    in 

Leather-lane,  Ilolborn.  between   three   and   four 

months  back.      It    was   effected   in    consequence 

of  representations   from   the   shopkeepers   of  the 

•urhood.      lint  the  removal  was  of  a  hrit  f 

continuance.  "  Leather-lane."  I  was  told.  "  looki  <l 

compared  to  what  it  was.      People 

that     had    lived    then-     :         |  ;..irdly    knew 

their    <•  .     and    those    that    had 

plained,    might    twiddle    their  thumbs    in    their 

>r  want  of  something  better  to  do." 

The    reason,   or   one    reason,    why    the 

with   that    of  the 
•ied   to  me   in  »his  waj 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


by  a  tradesman  perfectly  familiar  with  the  sub- 
ject. "  The  poorer  women,  the  wives  of  mecha- 
nics or  small  tradesmen,  who  have  to  prepare 
dinners  fcr  their  husbands,  like,  as  they  call  it, 
'  to  make  one  errand  do.'  If  the  wife  buys  fish 
or  vegetables  in  the  street,  as  is  generally  done, 
she  will,  at  the  same  time,  buy  her  piece  of 
bacon  or  cheese  at  the  cheesemonger's,  her  small 
quantity  of  tea  and  sugar  at  the  grocer's,  her 
fire- wood  at  the  oilman's,  or  her  pound  of  beef 
or  liver  at  the  butcher's.  In  all  the  street- 
markets  there  are  plenty  of  such  tradesmen, 
supplying  necessaries  not  vended  in  the  streets, 
and  so  one  errand  is  sufficient  to  provide  for  the 
wants  of  the  family.  Such  customers — that  is, 
such  as  have  been  used  to  buy  in  the  streets — 
will  not  be  driven  to  buy  at  the  shops.  They 
can't  be  persuaded  that  they  can  buy  as  cheap 
at  the  shops ;  and  besides  they  are  apt  to  think 
shopkeepers  are  rich  and  street-sellers  poor, 
and  that  they  may  as  well  encourage  the  poor. 
So  if  one  street-market  is  abolished,  they'll  go 
to  another,  or  buy  of  the  itinerant  costermongers, 
and  they'll  get  their  bits  of  groceries  and  the 
like  at  the  shops  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
other  street-market,  even  if  they  have  a  walk  for 
it;  and  thus  everybody's  injured  by  removing 
markets,  except  a  few,  and  they  are  those  at 
the  nearest  markets  that's  not  disturbed." 

In  Leather-lane  the  shopkeepers  speedily 
retrieved  what  many  soon  came  to  consider  the 
false  step  (as  regards  their  interests)  which  they 
had  taken,  and  in  a  fortnight  or  so,  they  ma- 
naged, by  further  representations  to  the  police 
authorities,  and  by  agreement  with  the  street- 
sellers,  that  the  street -market  people  should 
return.  In  little  more  than  a  fortnight  from 
that  time,  Leather-lane,  Holborn,  resumed  its 
wonted  busy  aspect. 

In  Lambeth  the  case  at  present  is  different 
The  men,  women,  and  children,  between  two  and 
three  months  back,  were  all  driven  by  the  police 
from  their  standings.  These  removals  were  made, 
I  am  assured,  in  consequence  of  representations 
to  the  police  from  the  parishioners,  not  of  Lam- 
beth, but  of  the  adjoining  parish  of  Christchurch, 
Blackfriars-road,  who  described  the  market  as 
an  injury  and  a  hindrance  to  their  business.  The 
costermongers,  etc.,  were  consequently  driven 
from  the  spot 

A  highly  respectable  tradesman  in  "  the  Cut" 
told  me,  that  he  and  all  his  brother  shopkeepers 
had  found  their  receipts  diminished  a  quar- 
ter, or  an  eighth  at  least,  by  the  removal ; 
and  as  in  all  populous  neighbourhoods  profits 
were  small,  this  falling  off  was  a  very  serious 
matter  to  them. 

In  "the  Cut"  and  its  immediate  neighbour- 
hood, are  tradesmen  who  supply  street- dealers 
with  the  articles  they  trade  in, — such  as  cheap 
stationery,  laces,  children's  shoes,  braces,  and 
toys.  They,  of  course,  have  been  seriously  affected 
by  tae  removal ;  but  the  pinch  has  fallen  sorest 
upon  the  street- sellers  themselves.  These  people 
depend  a  good  deal  one  upon  another,  as  they 
aake  mutual  purchases  ;  now,  as  they  have  nei- 


ther stalls  nor  means,  such  a  source  cf  profit  ii 
abolished. 

"  It  is  hard  on  such  as  me,"  said  a  fruit-seller 
to  me,  "  to  be  driven  away,  for  nothing  that  I've 
done  wrong  as  I  knows  of,  and  not  let  me  make 
a  living,  as  I've  been  brought  up  to.  I  can't 
get  no  work  at  any  of  the  markets.  I've  tried 
Billingsgate  and  the  Borough  hard,  but  there  is 
so  many  poor  men  trying  for  a  crust,  they're  fit  to 
knock  a  new-comer's  head  off,  though  if  they  did, 
it  wouldn't  be  much  matter.  I  had  9*.  6d.  stock- 
money,  and  I  sold  the  apples  and  a  few  pears  I 
had  for  3s.  9d.,  and  that  13s.  3d.  I've  been  spin- 
ning out  since  I  lost  my  pitch.  But  it's  done 
now,  and  I  haven't  had  two  meals  a  day  for  a 
week  and  more — and  them  not  to  call  meals — 
only  bread  and  coffee,  or  bread  and  a  drink  of 
beer.  I  tried  to  get  a  round  of  customers,  bu, 
all  the  rounds  was  full,  and  I'm  a  very  bad 
walker,  and  a  weak  man  too.  My  wife's  gone  to 
try  the  country — I  don't  know  where  she  is  now. 
I  suppose  I  shall  lose  my  lodging  this  week, 
and  then  I  must  see  what '  the  great  house*  will 
say  to  me.  Perhaps  they'll  give  me  nothing, 
but  take  me  in,  and  that's  hard  on  a  man  as 
don't  want  to  be  a  pauper." 

Another  man  told  me  that  he  now  paid  3*. 
a  week  for  privilege  to  stand  with  two  stalls  on 
a  space  opposite  the  entrance  into  the  National 
Baths,  New  Cut ;  and  that  he  and  his  wife,  who 
had  stood  for  eleven  years  in  the  neighbourhood, 
without  a  complaint  against  them,  could  hardly 
get  a  crust 

One  man,  with  a  fruit- stall,  assured  me  that 
nine  months  ago  he  would  not  have  taken  20/.  for 
his  pitch,  and  now  he  was  a  "  regular  bankrupt." 
I  asked  a  girl,  who  stood  beside  the  kerb  with 
her  load  in  front  strapped  round  her  loins,  whe- 
ther her  tray  was  heavy  to  carry.  "  After  eight 
hours  at  it,"  she  answered,  "  it  swaggers  me,  like 
drink."  The  person  whom  I  was  with  brought 
to  me  two  girls,  who,  he  informed  me,  had  been 
forced  to  go  upon  the  streets  to  gain  a  living. 
Their  stall  on  the  Saturday  night  used  to  have 
4/.  worth  of  stock ;  but  trade  had  grown  so  bad 
since  the  New  Police  order,  that  after  living  on 
their  wares,  they  had  taken  to  prostitution  for  a 
living,  rather  than  go  to  the  "  house."  The 
ground  in  front  of  the  shops  has  been  bought  up 
by  the  costermongers  at  any  price.  Many  now 
give  the  tradesmen  six  shillings  a  week  for  a 
stand,  and  one  man  pays  as  much  as  eight  for 
the  right  of  pitching  in  front 

The  applications  for  parochial  relief,  in  con- 
sequence of  these  removals,  have  been  fewer 
than  was  anticipated.  In  Lambeth  parish,  how- 
ever, about  thirty  families  have  been  relieved,  at 
a  cost  of  50J.  Strange  to  say,  a  quarter,  or  rather 
more,  of  the  very  applicants  for  relief  had  been 
furnished  by  the  parish  with  money  to  start  the 
trade,  their  expulsion  from  which  had  driven 
them  to  pauperism. 

It  consequently  becomes  a  question  for  serious 
consideration,  whether  any  particular  body  o/ 
householders  should,  for  their  own  interest,  con- 
venience, or  pleasure,  have  it  in  their  power  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


63 


deprive  so  many  poor  people  of  their  only  means 
of  livelihood,  and  so  either  force  the  rate-payers 
to  keep  them  as  paupers,  or  else  drive  the  women, 
who  object  to  the  imprisonment  of  the  Union,  to 
prostitution,  and  the  men  to  theft — especially 
when  the  very  occupation  which  they  are  not 
allowed  to  pursue,  not  only  does  no  injury  to 
the  neighbourhood,  but  is,  on  the  contrary,  the 
means  of  attracting  considerable  custom  to  the 
shops  in  the  locality,  and  has,  moreover,  been 
provided  for  them  by  the  parish  authorities  as 
us  of  enabling  them  to  get  a  living  for 
Ives. 

OK  THE  TRICKS  OF  COSTERMONGERS. 

1  shall  now  treat  of  the  tricks  of  trade  practised 

t>y   the    London   costermongers.     Of  these   the 

.  with  as  little  reserve  and  as  little 

shame  as  a  fine  gentleman  of  his  peccadilloes. 

boiled    lots   of  oranges,"   chuckled   one 

man,  "and  sold  them  to  Irish  hawkers,  as  wasn't 

wide  awake,  for  stunning  big  uns.     The  boiling 

swells  the  oranges  ami  so  makes  'em  look  finer 

:>ut   it  spoils  them,   for  it  takes  out  the 

People  can't  find  that  out  though  until 
it's  too  late.  I  boiled  the  oranges  only  a  few 
minutes,  and  three  or  four  dozen  at  a  time." 
Oranges  thus  prepared  will  not  keep,  and  any 
unfortunate  Irishwoman,  tricked  as  were  my 
informant's  customers,  is  astonished  to  (ind  her 
stock  of  oranges  turn  dark-coloured  and  worth- 
less in  forty-eight  hours.  The  fruit  is  "  cooked" 
in  this  way  tor  Saturday  night  and  Sunday  sale 
—  times  at  which  the  demand  is  the  briskest. 
Some  prick  the  oranges  and  express  the  juice, 
which  they  sell  to  the  British  wine-makers. 
Apples  cannot  be  dealt  with  like  oranges,  but 
\  heap  red-skinned  fruit, 
known  to  costers  as  "  gawfs,"  is  rubbed  hard,  to 
look  bright  and  feel  soft,  and  is  mixed  with 
apples  of  a  superior  description.  "  (Jaw is  are 
iid  sour  at  once."  I  was  told,  "and  fit  for 
nothing  but  mixing."  Some  foreign  apples,  from 
Holland  and  Belgium,  were  bought  very  cheap 
last  March,  at  no  more  than  \CxL  a  bushel,  and 
on  a  fine  morning  as  many  as  fifty  boys  might 
be  seen  rubbing  these  apples,  in  Hooper 
Lambeth.  •'  I've  made  a  crown  out  of  a  bushel 

on  a  fine  one  sharp  youth. 

The  larger  apj  with  a 

<;len  cloth,  or  on   the  coat  skirt,  if 

that  appendage  form   part  of  the  dress  of  the 

person  applying  the  friction,  but  most  frequently 


they  are  rolled  in  the  palms  of  the  hand.  The 
smaller  apples  are  thrown  to  and  fro  in  a  sack, 
a  lad  holding  each  end.  "  I  wish  I  knew  how 
the  shopkeepers  manages  their  fruit,"  said  one 
youth  to  me  ;  "I  should  like  to  be  up  to  some 
of  their  moves  ;  they  do  manage  their  things  so 
plummy." 

Cherries  are  capital  for  mixing,  I  was  assured 
by  practical  men.  They  purchase  three  sieves 
of  indifferent  Dutch,  and  one  sieve  of  good 
English  cherries,  spread  the  English  fruit  over 
the  inferior  quality,  and  sell  them  as  the  best. 
Strawberry  pottles  are  often  half  cabbage  leaves, 
a  few  tempting  strawberries  being  displayed  on 
the  top  of  the  pottle.  "  Topping  up,"  "said  a 
fruit  dealer  to  me,  "  is  the  principal  thing,  am' 
we  are  perfectly  justified  in  it.  You  ask  an\ 
coster  that  knows  the  world,  and  he'll  tell  you 
that  all  the  salesmen  in  the  markets  tops  up. 
It's  only  making  the  best  of  it."  Filberts  tiny 
bake  to  make  them  look  brown  and  ripe. 
Prunes  they  boil  to  give  them  a  plumper  and 
finer  appearance.  The  latter  trick,  however,  is 
not  unusual  in  the  shops. 

The  more  honest  costermongers  will  throw 
away  fish  when  it  is  unfit  for  consumption, 
less  scrupulous  dealers,  however,  only  throw 
away  what  is  utterly  unsaleable  ;  but  none  of 
them  fling  away  the  dead  eels,  though  their 
prejudice  against  such  dead  fish  prevents  their 
indulging  in  eel-pies.  The  dead  eels  are  mixed 
with  the  living,  often  in  the  proportion  of  20  Ib. 
dead  to  5  Ib.  alive,  equal  quantities  of  each  being 
accounted  very  fair  dealing.  "  And  after  all," 
said  a  street  fish  dealer  to  me,  "  I  don't  know 
why  dead  eels  should  be  objected  to ;  the  aristo- 
crats don't  object  to  them.  Nearly  all  fish  is 
dead  before  it's  cooked,  and  why  not  eels  ?  Why 
not  eat  them  when  they're  sweet,  if  they're  ever 
so  dead,  just  as  you  eat  fresh  herrings  ?  I  be- 
lieve it's  only  among  the  poor  and  among  our 
chaps,  that  there's  this  prejudice.  Eels  die 
quickly  if  they're  exposed  to  the  sun." 

Herrings  are  made  to  look  fresh  and  bright 
by  candle-light,  by  the  lights  being  so  disposed 
"  as  to  give  them,"  I  was  told,  "a  good  reflec- 
tion. Why  I  can  make  them  look  splendid  ; 
quite  a  pictur.  I  can  do  the  same  with  macke- 
rel, but  not  so  prime  as  herrings." 

There    are    many    other    tricks    of  a    similar 
kind   detailed    in    thv    course  of   my    narrative. 
\Vc  should  remember,  howv.er,  that  shvj,' 
are  not  immaculate  in  this  respect. 


Till-    M  REET-SELLERS  ()K   FISH. 


or    I' i MI 
•OLD    BY    Tl».     I  >!»TKKMON< 

NO  now  given  the  reader  a  general  \ 
the  numbers,  characters,  habits,  tastes,  .•.  • 

language,  opinions,  earnings,  and  vicissi- 
tudes of  the  London  costermongers, — having  de- 


scribed their  usual  style  of  dress,  diet,  homes, 

inres,    and  >.cts. —  ha\  [] 

1    where    their   donkeys    are    bout- 

the    terms    on    which    they    Borrow    them,   their 

barrows,   their  stock-money,   and   occasion. -illy 

their  stock  itself,— having  shown  their  ordinary 

mode  of  dealing,  either  in  person  or  by  deputy, 


64 


LONDON  LABOUR  AN!)  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


either  at  half-profits  or  by  means  of  beys,— 
where  they  go  and  how  they  manage  on  their 
rounds  in  town  and  in  the  country, — what  are 
the  laws  affecting  them,  as  well  as  the  operation 
of  those  laws  upon  the  rest  of  the  community, — 
having  done  all  this  by  way  of  giving  the  reader 
a  general  knowledge  of  the  street- sellers  of  fish, 
fruit,  and  vegetables, — I  now  proceed  to  treat 
more  particularly  of  each  of  these  classes 
seriatim.  Beginning  with  the  street- fishmongers, 
I  shall  describe,  in  due  order,  the  season  when, 
the  market  where,  and  the  classes  of  people  by 
whom,  the  wet-fish,  the  dry-fish,  and  the  shell- 
fish are  severally  sold  and  purchased  in  the 
London  streets,  together  with  all  other  con- 
comitant circumstances. 

The  facilities  of  railway  conveyance,  by 
means  of  which  fish  can  be  sent  from  the  coast 
to  the  capital  with  much  greater  rapidity,  and 
therefore  be  received  much  fresher  than  was 
formerly  the  case,  have  brought  large  supplies 
to  London  from  places  that  before  contributed 
no  quantity  to  the  market,  and  so  induced,  as  I 
heard  in  all  quarters  at  Billingsgate,  an  extra- 
ordinary lowness  of  price  in  this  species  of  diet 
This  cheap  food,  through  the  agency  of  the 
costermongers,  is  conveyed  to  every  poor  man's 
door,  both  in  the  thickly-crowded  streets  where 
the  poor  reside — a  family  at  least  in  a  room 
—  in  the  vicinity  of  Drury-lane  and  of  White- 
chapel,  in  Westminster,  Betlmal-green,  and  St 
Giles's,  and  through  the  long  miles  of  the 
suburbs.  For  all  low-priced  fish  the  poor  are  the 
costermongers'  best  customers,  and  a  fish  diet 
seems  becoming  almost  as  common  among  the 
ill-paid  classes  of  London,  as  is  a  potato  diet 
among  the  peasants  of  Ireland.  Indeed,  now, 
the  fish  season  of  the  poor  never,  or  rarely,  knows 
an  interruption.  If  fresh  herrings  are  not  in  the 
market,  there  are  sprats  ;  and  if  not  sprats,  there 
are  soles,  or  whitings,  or  mackarel,  or  plaice. 

The  rooms  of  the  very  neediest  of  our  needy 
metropolitan  population,  always  smell  of  fish  ; 
most  frequently  of  herrings.  So  much  so, 
indeed,  that  to  those  who,  like  myself,  have 
been  in  the  habit  of  visiting  their  dwellings,  the 
smell  of  herrings,  even  in  comfortable  homes, 
savours  from  association,  so  strongly  of  squalor 
and  wretchedness,  as  to  be  often  most  oppres- 
sive. The  volatile  oil  of  the  fish  seems  to 
hang  about  the  walls  and  beams  of  the  rooms 
for  ever.  Those  who  have  experienced  the  smell 
of  fish  only  in  a  well-ordered  kitchen,  can  form 
no  adequate  notion  of  this  stench,  in  perhaps  a 
dilapidated  and  ill-drained  house,  and  in  a 
rarely-cleaned  room  ;  and  I  have  many  a  time 
heard  both  husband  and  wife — one  couple  espe- 
cially, who  were  "sweating"  for  a  gorgeous 
clothes'  emporium — say  that  they  had  not  time 
to  be  clean. 

The  costermonger  supplies  the  poor  with 
every  kind  of  fish,  for  he  deals,  usually,  in 
every  kind  when  it  is  cheap.  Some  confine 


their  dealings  to  such  things  as  shrimps,  ot 
periwinkles,  but  the  adhering  to  one  particular 
article  is  the  exception  and  not  the  rule  ;  while 
shrimps,  lobsters,  &c.,  are  rarely  bought  by  the 
very  poor.  Of  the  entire  quantity  of  fish  sent 
to  Billingsgate- market,  the  costermongers,  sta- 
tionary and  itinerant,  may  be  said  to  sell  one- 
third,  taking  one  kind  with  another. 

The  fish  sent  to  London  is  known  to  Billings- 
gate salesmen  as  "  red"  and  "  white"  fish.  The 
red  fish  is,  as  regards  the  metropolitan  mart, 
confined  to  the  salmon.  The  other  descrip- 
tions are  known  as  "  white."  The  coster- 
mongers classify  the  fish  they  vend  as  "wet" 
and  "dry."  All  fresh  fish  is  "wet;"  all 
cured  or  salted  fish,  "dry."  The  fish  which 
is  sold  "  pickled,"  is  known  by  that  appellation, 
but  its  street  sale  is  insignificant.  The  principal 
fish-staple,  so  to  speak  of  the  street-fishmonger, 
is  soles,  which  are  in  supply  all,  or  nearly  all, 
the  year.  The  next  are  herrings,  mackarel, 
whitings,  Dutch  eels,  and  plaice.  The  trade  in 
plaice  and  sprats  is  almost  entirely  in  the 
hands  of  the  costermongers ;  their  sale  ot 
shrimps  is  nearer  a  half  than  a  third  of  the 
entire  quantity  sent  to  Billingsgate;  but  their 
purchase  of  cod,  or  of  the  best  lobsters,  or  crabs, 
is  far  below  a  third.  The  costermonger  rarely 
buys  turbot,  or  brill,  or  even  salmon,  unless 
he  can  retail  it  at  6d.  the  pound.  When  it 
is  at  that  price,  a  street  salmon-seller  told  me 
that  the  eagerness  to  buy  it  was  extreme.  He 
had  known  persons,  who  appeared  to  him  to 
be  very  poor,  buy  a  pound  of  salmon,  "just  for 
a  treat  once  in  a  way."  His  best,  or  rather 
readiest  customers  —  for  at  6d.  a  pound  all 
classes  of  the  community  may  be  said  to  be  his 
purchasers — were  the  shopkeepers  of  the  busier 
parts,  and  the  occupants  of  the  smaller  private 
houses  of  the  suburbs.  During  the  past  year 
salmon  was  scarce  and  dear,  and  the  coster- 
mongers bought,  comparatively,  none  of  it.  In 
a  tolerably  cheap  season  they  do  not  sell  more 
than  from  a  fifteenth  to  a  twentieth  of  the  quan- 
tity received  at  Billingsgate. 

In  order  to  be  able  to  arrive  at  the  quantity 
or  weight  of  the  several  kinds  of  fish  sold  by 
the  costermongers  in  the  streets  of  London,  it  is 
necessary  that  we  should  know  the  entire 
amount  sent  to  Billingsgate-market,  for  it  is 
only  by  estimating  the  proportion  which  the 
street- sale  bears  to  the  whole,  that  we  can 
attain  even  an  approximation  to  the  truth. 
The  following  Table  gives  the  results  of  certain 
information  collected  by  myself  for  the  first 
time,  I  believe,  in  this  country.  The  facts, 
as  well  as  the  estimated  proportions  of  each 
kind  of  fish  sold  by  the  costermongers,  have 
been  furnished  me  by  the  most  eminent  of  the 
Billingsgate  salesmen — gentlemen  to  whom  I 
am  under  many  obligations  for  their  kindness, 
consideration,  and  assistance,  at  all  times  and 
seasons. 


LONDON  LAJSOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


C3 


- 

&-iE2*<lB32Vi 


'iiii.  I.«»\DON  corn  I  STALL. 

a  I'kutagr"- 

[M 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


TABLE,  SHOWING  THE  QUANTITY,  WEIGHT,  OR  MEASURE  OF  THE  FOL. 
LOWING  KINDS  OF  FISH  SOLD  IN  BILLINGSGATE  MARKET  IN  THE 
COURSE  OF  THE  YEAR: 


Description  of  Fish 

Number 
of 
Fish. 

Weight  or 
Measure  of 
Pish. 

Proportion 
sold  by 
Costermongers. 

WET   FISH. 
Salmon  anc  Salmon  Trout  (29,000  boxes,  14  fish 
i>er  box)                                                  .... 

406000 

iw 

3  480  000 

One-  twentieth 

Live  Cod  (averaging  10  Ibs.  each)     

400,000 
97  520  000 

4,000,000 
26  880  000 

One-fourth. 
One-  fifteenth 

Whiting  (averaging  6  oz.  each)     
Haddock  (averaging  2  Ibs.  each)  

17,920,000 
2,470,000 
33  600  000 

6,720,000 
5,040,000 
33  600  000 

One-fourth. 
One-tenth. 

Maekarel  (averaging  1  Ib.  each)  
.  700  fish  per  bar.) 
(in  bulk) 

23,520,000 
175,000,000 
1  050  000  000 

23,520,000 
42,000,000 
252  000  000 

Two-thirds. 
One-half. 
Three-  fourth^ 

Sprats                          .               

4  000  000 

Three-  fourths 

Eels  from  Holland     .     .     .     .  1   ,c  G  ,          ,  ,,  v 
„        England  and  Ireland  }  (6  nsh  per  1  Ib.) 
Flounders  (7.  200  quarterns.  3o'  fish  per  quartern) 
inarterns,  36  fish  per  quartern)  .     . 

DRY    I-Vn. 
Barrelled  Ccii  (15,000  barrels,  50  fish  per  barrel) 
Dried  Salt  Cod  (5  Ibs.  each)         

9,797,760 

259,200 
270,000 

750,000 
1  600,000 

/   1,505,280 
\      127,680 
43,200 
48,750 

4,200,000 
8  000  000 

One-  fourth. 
One-fourth. 
All. 

All. 

One-eighth. 
One-tenth. 

Smoked  Haddock  (65,000  bars.,  300  fish  per  bar.) 
Bloaters  (265,000  baskets,  150  fish  per  basket)   . 
Red  Herrings  (100,000  bars.,  500  fish  per  bar.)  . 
Dried  Sprats  (9,600  large  bundles,  30  fish  per 
bundle)* 

19,500,000 
147,000,000 
50,000,000 

288  000 

10,920,000 
10,600,000 
14,000,000 

()(i  ()(J() 

One-eighth. 
One-fourth. 
One-hr.lf. 

None 

:  ,11. 

Oysters  (309  935  bars    1  600  fish  per  bar  ) 

495  896  000 

One-  fourth 

s  (averaging  1  Ib.  each  fish)  

1,200,000 

1  200,000 

One  -twentieth 

Crabs  (averaging  1  Ib.  each  fish)  
Shrimps  (321  to  the  pint)    
Whelks  (224  to  the  J  bus.)  

600,000 
J8,648 
4,943,200 

600,000 
192,295  gals. 
24  300  \  bus.f 

One-twelfth. 
One-half. 

All. 

Mussels  (1000  to  the  |  bus  ) 

50  400  000 

50  400 

Two-thirds. 

the  \  hus.)   
lYriwinklcs  (-1,000  to  the  }  bus.)  

67,392,000 
304,000,000 

32,400      „ 
76,000      „ 

Three-  fourths. 
Three-fourths. 

•  Costermongcrs  dry  their  own  sprats. 

t  Tbe  half-bushel  measure  at  Billingsgate  is  double  quantity— or,  more  correctly,  a  bushel. 


Or  THE  COSTERMONGERS'   FISH  SEASON. 

•  ason   for  the  street -fishmongers   begins 
October  and  ends  in  May. 
>ctober,  or  a  month  or  two  earlier,  may-be, 
y  deal  in  fresh  herrings,  the  supply 
>  up  to  about  the  middle  or 

la  ibciut  the  l>est  season.     The 
•*  are  sold  to  the  poor,  upon  an  .-»• 
ve  a  groat,  or  from  3«.  to  4*.  the  hundred. 
:  (luring  November,  the  sprat  and  plaice 
H.IMOO  begin*.     The  regular  street- fishmonger, 
however,  seldom  dealt  in  sprats.     1 ! 
these  only  when  there  is  no  other  fish  to  I 

Morally  considers  this  trade  beneath  him. 

tor  women  than  men.   Those  costers 

who  do  sell  then,  dispose  of  them  now  by  weight 

'Id.  the  pound— a  bushi 
raging  from  40  to  $0  pounds.    The  plaice 


continues  to  the  first  or  second  week  in  May.   Dur- 
ing May  the  casualty  season  is  on,  and  then-  b 
little   fish    certain    from    that    time    till    salmon 
::i,  and  this  is  about  the  end  of  the  month. 
The  salmon  season  lasts  till  about  the  middle  of 
July.      The   selling   of  salmon  is  a  bad   trade   in 
the  poor  districts,  but  a  very  good  one  in   the 
or  the   suburbs.      At  this  work   the 
hmonger  will  sometimes  earn  on  a  fine 
day  fr<"  1  L'.v.     The  losses,  however,  are 

.     if  the  wrath,  r    prmr 

bad.     If  kept  at  all   "over"   it  loses  it*  eolour. 
and  turns  to  a  pair   red,  which  W  teen  in 
ately  the  knife  goes  into  the  fish.      While  I  was 
obtaining  this  information  some  months  back,  a 
man  went  past  the  window  of  the  house  in 
I  wa»  seated,  with  a  barrow  drawn  by  a  <! 
He  wa«  crying,  "  Fresh  cod,  oh  !   \\<i.  a  pound. 
cod  alive,  oh  ! "    My  informant  called  me  to  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


window,  saying,  "  Now,  here  is  what  we  call 
rough  cod."  He  told  me  it  was  three  days  old. 
He  thought  it  was  eatable  then,  he  said.  The 
eyes  were  dull  and  heavy  and  sunken,  and  the 
limp  tails  of  the  fish  dangled  over  the  ends  of  the 
harrow.  He  said  it  was  a  hanging  market  that 
day — that  is  to  say,  things  had  been  dear,  and 
the  costers  couldn't  pay  the  price  for  them.  He 
should  fancy,  he  told  me,  the  man  had  paid  for 
the  fish  from  9d.  to  Is.  each,  which  was  at  the 
rate  of  Id.  per  pound.  He  was  calling  them  at 
1  \d.  He  would  not  take  less  than  this  until  he 
had  "got  his  own  money  in;"  and  then,  proba- 
bly, if  he  had  one  or  two  of  the  fish  left,  he  would 
put  up  with  Id.  per  pound.  The  weight  he  was 
"  working"  was  12  oz.  to  the  pound.  My  inform- 
ant assured  me  he  knew  this,  because  he  had 
borrowed  his  12  oz.  pound  weight  that  morning. 
This,  with  the  draught  of  2  oz.  in  the  weighing- 
machine,  and  the  ounce  gained  by  placing  the 
tisli  ;it  the  (.'lid  of  the  pan,  would  bring  the  actual 
weight  given  to  !)  o/.  per  pound,  and  probably, 
lie  said  the  man  had  even  a  lighter  pound  weight 
in  his  barrow  ready  for  a  "  scaly"  customer. 

Alter  the  street-fishmonger  has  done  his 
morning's  work,  he  sometimes  goes  out  with 
his  tub  of  pickled  salmon  on  a  harrow  or  stall, 
and  sells  it  in  saucers  at  \il.  each,  or  by  the 
piece.  This  he  calls  as  "  line  Newcastle  salmon." 
There  is  generally  a  great  sale  for  this  at  the 
races  ;  and  if  country-people  begin  with  a  penny- 
worth they  end  with  a  shillingsworth— a  penny- 
worth, the  costers  say,  makes  a  fool  of  the  mouth. 
If  they  have  any  on  hand,  and  a  little  stale,  at 
the  end  of  the  week,  they  sell  it  at  the  public- 
houses  to  the  "  Lnshingtons,"  and  to  them,  with 
plenty  of  vinegar,  it  goes  down  sweet.  It  is  gene- 
rally bought  for  7.<.  a  kit,  a  little  bit  "  pricked  :" 
but,  if  good,  the  price  is  from  12s.  to  18s.  "  We  're 
in  no  ways  particular  to  that,"  said  one  candid 
coster  to  me.  "  We  don't  have  the  eating  on  it 
ourselves,  and  people  a'n't  always  got  their  taste. 
especially  when  they  have  been  drinking,  and  we 
sell  a  great  deal  to  parties  in  that  w;-y.  We 
think  it  no  sin  to  cheat  "em  of  Id.  while  the  pub- 
licans takes  Is." 

Towards  the  middle  of  June  the  street-fish- 
monger looks  for  mackerel,  and  he  is  gene- 
rally employed  in  selling  this  fish  up  to  the 
end  of  July.  After  July  the  Billingsgate  season 
is  said  to  be  finished.  From  this  time  to  the 
middle  of  October,  when  the  herrings  return, 
he  is  mostly  engaged  selling  dried  haddocks  and 
red  herrings,  and  other  "cas'alty  fish  that  may 
come  across  him."  Many  of  the  street-fish- 
mongers object  to  deal  in  periwinkles,  or  stewed 
mussels,  or  boiled  whelks,  because,  being  accus- 
tomed to  take  their  money  in  sixpences  at  a  time, 
they  do  not  like,  they  say,  to  traffic  in  halfpenny- 
worths. The  dealers  in  these  articles  are  gene- 
rally looked  upon  as  an  inferior  class. 

There  are,  during  the  day,  two  periods  for  the 
sale  of  street-fish — the  one  (the  morning  trade) 
beginning  about  ten,  and  lasting  till  one  in  the 
day — and  the  other  (the  night  trade)  lasting  from 
six  in  the  evening  up  to  ten  at  night  What  fish 


s  left  in  the  forenoon  is  generaJl)  disposed  of 
cheap  at  night.  That  sold  at  the  latter  time  is 
generally  used  by  the  working-class  for  supper, 
or  kept  by  them  with  a  little  salt  in  a  cool  place 
for  the  next  day's  dinner,  if  it  will  last  as  long. 
Several  articles  are  sold  by  the  street- fishmonger 
chiefly  by  night.  These  are  oysters,  lot 
pickled  salmon,  stewed  mussels,  and  the  like. 
The  reason  why  the  latter  articles  sell  better 
by  night  is,  my  informant  say,  "Because 
people  are  lofty-minded,  and  don't  like  to  be 
seen  eating  on  'em  in  the  street  in  the  day-time." 
Shrimps  and  winkles  are  the  staph  commodities 
of  the  afternoon  trade,  which  lasts  from  three  to 
half-past  five  in  the  evening.  These  articles  are 
generally  bought  by  the  working-classes  for  theii 


BILLINGSGATE. 
To  see  this  market  in  its  busiest  costermonger 
time,  the  visitor  should  be  there  about  s-'ven 
o'clock  on  a  Fri  !ay  morning.  The  marke  opens 
at  four,  but  for  the  first  two  or  three  hours, 
it  is  attended  solely  bv  the  regular  fishmongers 
and  "  bumn.arees"  who  havr  »he  pick  of  the 
best  there.  A:-,  soon  as  these  are  gone,  the 
costers'  sale  begins. 

Many  of  the  costers  that  usually  deal  in 
vegetables,  buy  a  little  fish  on  the  Friday.  It 
is  the  fast  day  of  the  Irish,  and  the  mechanics' 
un  short  of  money  at  the  end  of  the 
week,  and  so  make  up  their  dinners  with  fish  ; 
for  this  reason  the  attendance  of  costers'  liar- 
rows  at  Billingsgate  on  a  Friday  morning  is 
always  very  great.  As  soon  as  you  reach  the 
Monument  you  see  a  line  of  them,  with  one  or 
two  tall  fishmonger's  carts  breaking  the  uni- 
formity, and  the  din  of  the  cries  and  commotion 
of  the  distant  market,  begins  to  break  on  the  eai 
like  the  buzzing  of  a  hornet's  nest.  The  whole 
neighbourhood  is  covered  with  the  hand-barrows, 
some  laden  with  baskets,  others  with  sack 
as  you  walk  along,  a  fres'r.  )me  of  costers'  barrows 
are  creeping  in  or  being  backed  into  almost  im- 
possible openings  ;  until  at  ev  ry  turning  nothing 
but  donkeys  and  rails  are  to  be  seen.  The  morn- 
ing air  is  filled  with  a  kind  of  seaweedy  odour, 
reminding  one  of  the  sea-shore  ;  and  on  entering 
the  market,  the  smell  of  fish,  of  whel: 
herrings,  sprats,  and  a  hundred  others,  is  almost 
overpowering. 

The  wooden  barn-looking  square  where  the 
fish  is  sold,  is  soon  after  six  o'clock  crowded  with 
shiny  cord  jackets  and  greasy  caps.  Every- 
body comes  to  Billingsgate  in  his  worst  clothes, 
and  no  one  knows  the  length  of  time  a  coat  can 
be  worn  until  they  have  been  to  a  fish  sale. 
Through  the  bright  opening  at  the  end  are 
seen  the  tangled  rigging  of  the  oyster-boats 
and  the  red  worsted  caps  of  the  sailors, 
the  hum  of  voices  is  heard  the  shouts  of  the 
salesmen,  who,  with  their  white  aprons,  peering 
above  the  heads  of  the  mob,  stand  on  their 
tables,  roaring  out  their  prices. 

All  are  bawling  together — salesmen  and  huck- 
sters of  provisions,  capes,  hardware,  and  uewppiu 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pers — till  the  place  is  a  perfect  Babel  of  com- 
petition. "  Ha-a-ansome  cod !  best  in  the 
market!  All  alive!  alive!  alive  O!"  "Ye-o-o! 
Ve-o-o!  here's  your  fine  Yarmouth  bloaters 
Who's  the  buyer  ? "  "  Here  you  are,  governor, 
splendid  whiting !  some  of  the  right  sort ! " 
"  Turbot !  turbot !  all  alive  !  turbot ! "  "  Glass  of 
nice  peppermint !  this  cold  morning  a  ha'penny 
a  glass  ;  "  "  Here  you  are  at  your  own  price  ! 
Fine  soles,  O!"  "  Oy  !  oy  !  oy  !  Now's  your 
time !  fine  grizzling  sprats !  all  large  and  no 
small!"  "Hullo!  hullo  here!  beautiful  lob- 
good  and  cheap !  fine  cock  crabs  all  alive 
O!"  "Five  brill  and  one  turbot— have  that 
lot  for  a  pound!  Come  and  look  at  'em,  go- 
vernor ;  you  wont  see  a  better  sample  in  the 
market."  "  Here,  this  way  !  this  way  tor  splen- 
did skate  !  skate  O  !  skate  O  !  "  "  Had— had 
— had  —  had  —  haddick  !  all  fresh  and  good!" 
"Currant  and  meat  puddings!  a  ha'penny 
each!"  ,  you  mussel -buyers,  come 

along!  come  along!  come  along!  now's  your 
time  for  fine  fat  mussels!"  "Here's  food  for 
.he  belly,  and  clothes  for  the  back,  but  I  sell 
food  for  the  mind"  (shouts  the  newsvender). 
"  Here's  smelt  O!"  "  Here  ye  are,  fine  Finney 
haddick  !  "  "  Hot  soup  !  nice  peas-soup  !  a-all 
hot!  hot!"  "Ahoy!  ahoy  here!  live  plaice! 
all  alive  O  !  "  "  Now  or  never  !  whelk  !  whelk  ! 
whelk!"  "Who'll  buy  brill  O!  brill  O!" 
"  Capes  !  water- proof  capes  !  sure  to  keep  the 
wet  out !  a  shilling  a  piece  ! ''  "  Eels  O  !  eels  O! 
Alive!  alive  O  !  "  "  Fine  flounders,  a  shilling 
a  lot!  "Who'll  have  this  prime  lot  of  floun- 
-hrimps!  fine  shrimps  !  " 

-. !  wink!  wink!"  "Hi!  hi-i  !  here  you 
are,  just  eight  eels  left,  only  eight !"  "  O  ho  ! 
O  ho!  this  way  —  this  way  —  this  way!  Fish 
alive!  alive!  alive  O!" 

In  the  darkness  of  the  shed,  the  white  bellies 
of  the  turbots,  strung  up  bow-fashion,  shine  like 
mother-of-pearl,  while,  the  lobsters,  lying  upon 

look  intensely  scarlet,  from  the  contrast. 

i  baskets  piled  up  on  one  another,  and 
with  the  herring- scales  glittering  like  spangles 
all  over  them,  block  up  the  narrow  paths. 

;  coarse  cam  and  bending  under 

huge  hampers,  pu-h   pa-t.  shouting  "  Move  on! 

•i,  there  !  "  and  women,  with  the  long  limp 

>h  dangling  from  their  apron  . 

their  v.  -rowd.      Round  the  auc- 

•iit-n   turning  over 

throwing  them  down  till 

.le  about  in  their  slime;  some  are  smcll- 

•  m,  while  others  are  counting  tli. 
•  lot  of  soles  are  worth  your  i! 
• 

arket. 

in— he'i  no  go."     I'i. 
a  tall  i  a  black  oy  •  .iggcrs 

.    v 

. 


his  way  through  the  mob.  Here  is  a  tray  of 
reddish-brown  shrimps  piled  up  high,  and  the 
owner  busy  sifting  his  little  fish  into  another 
stand,  while  a  doubtful  customer  stands  in  front, 
tasting  the  flavour  of  the  stock  and  consult- 
ing with  his  companion  in  speculation.  Little 
girls  carrying  matting-bags,  that  they  have 
brought  from  Spitalfields,  come  up,  and  ask  you 
in  a  begging  voice  to  buy  their  baskets;  and 
women  with  bundles  of  twigs  for  stringing  her- 
rings, cry  out,  "  Half- penny  a  bunch  ! "  from  all 
sides.  Then  there  are  blue-black  piles  of  smaK 
live  lobsters,  moving  about  their  bound-up 
claws  and  long  "  feelers,"  one  of  them  occa- 
sionally being  taken  up  by  a  looker-on,  and 
dashed  down  again,  like  a  stone.  Everywhere 
every  one  is  asking,  "  What's  the  price, 
master?  "  while  shouts  of  laughter  from  round 
the  stalls  of  the  salesmen,  bantering  each  other. 
burst  out,  occasionally,  over  the  murmuring 
noise  of  the  crowd.  The  transparent  smelts 
on  the  marble-slabs,  and  the  bright  herrings, 
with  the  lump  of  transparent  ice  magnifying 
their  eyes  like  a  lens,  are  seldom  looked  at 
until  the  market  is  over,  though  the  hampers 
and  piles'  of  huge  maids,  dropping  slime  from 
the  counter,  are  eagerly  examined  and  bartered 
for. 

One  side  of  the  market  is  set  apart  for 
whelks.  There  they  stand  in  sack  fulls,  with 
the  yellow  shells  piled  up  at  the  mouth,  and 
one  or  two  of  the  fish,  curling  out  like  cork- 
screws, placed  as  a  sample.  The  coster  slips 
one  of  these  from  its  shell,  examines  it,  pushes 
it  back  again,  and  then  passes  away,  to  look 
well  round  the  market.  In  one  part  the  stones 
are  covered  with  herring-barrels,  packed  closely 
with  dried  fish,  and  yellow  heaps  of  still'  had- 
dock rise  up  on  all  sides.  Here  a  man  walks 
up  with  his  knot  on  his  shoulder,  waiting  for  a 
job  to  carry  fish  to  the  trucks.  Boys  in  r 
clothes,  who  have  slept  during  the  night  under 
a  railway-arch,  clamour  for  employment;  while 
the  heads  of  those  returning  from  ttic  oyster- 
boats,  rise  slowly  up  the  stone  sides  of  the 
wharf. 

The  costermongers  have  nicknamed  the  long 
row  of  oy>tcr  boats  moored  close  alongside  the 
wharf  "  Oyst.  On  looking  down  the 

line  of  tangled  ropes  and  masts,  it  seems  as 
though  the  little  boats  would  sink  with  the  crowds 
of  men  and  women  thronged  together  on  their 
deeks.  It  is  as  busy  a  scene  as  one  can  well 
behold.  Kach  boat  has  its  black  sign-board, 
and  salesman  in  his  white  apron  walking  up 
and  down  "  his  shop."  and  on  each  deck  is  u 
bright  pewter  pot  and  tin-covered  pla: 
remains  ol'  tin-  sale-man's  breakfast.  "  Who's  for 
U  im'slur  Archer's."1  "Who'll  have 
.'"  shout  the  oy  i.ts.  and  the 

red    cap   of   the    man  in   the    hold    hohs    i.. 
down    a«    he    r.itths    the   -h,  11s  about  with    hii 
holds  are  filled  with  oysters — « 
gray  mass  of  said  and  shell      <m  which  IK  a  I 

w<  11  piled  up  i  |  some 

-idily   heap 


70 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


divided  off  from  the  "natives."  The  sailors  in 
their  striped  guernseys  sit  on  the  boat  sides 
smoking  their  morning's  pipe,  allowing  them- 
selves to  be  tempted  by  the  Jew  boys  with  cloth 
caps,  old  shoes,  and  silk  handkerchiefs.  Lads 
with  bundles  of  whips  skip  from  one  boat  to 
another,  and,  seedy-looking  mechanics,  with 
handfuls  of  tin  fancy  goods,  hover  about  the 
salesmen,  who  are  the  principal  supporters  of 
this  trade.  The  place  has  somewhat  the 
appearance  of  a  little  Holywell-street ;  for  the 
old  clothes'  trade  is  entirely  in  the  hands  of 
the  Jew  boys,  and  coats,  caps,  hats,  umbrellas, 
and  old  shoes,  are  shouted  out  in  a  rich  nasal 
twang  on  all  sides. 

Passing  by  a  man  and  his  wife  who  were 
breakfasting  on  the  stone  coping,  I  went  to  the 
shore  where  the  watermen  ply  for  passengers  to 
the  eel  boats.  Here  I  found  a  crowd  of  punts, 
half  filled  with  flounders,  and  small  closely- 
packed  baskets  of  them  ranged  along  the  seats. 
The  lads,  who  act  as  jacks-in-the-water,  were 
busy  feeling  in  the  mud  for  the  fish  that  had 
fallen  over  board,  little  caring  for  the  water  that 
dashed  over  their  red  swollen  feet  Presently  a 
boat,  piled  up  with  baskets,  shot  in,  grazing  the 
bottom,  and  men  and  women,  blue  with  the  cold 
morning  air,  stepped  out. 

The  Dutch  built  eel-boats,  with  their  bulging 
polished  oak  sides,  were  half-hidden  in  the  river 
mist.  They  were  surrounded  by  skiffs,  that  ply 
from  the  Surrey  and  Middlesex  shores,  and 
wait  whilst  the  fares  buy  their  fish.  The  holds 
of  these  eel-boats  are  fitted  up  with  long  tanks  of 
muddy  water,  and  the  heads  of  the  eels  are  seen 
breathing  on  the  surface — a  thick  brown  bubble 
rising  slowly,  and  floating  to  the  sides.  Wooden 
sabois  and  large  porcelain  pipes  are  ranged 
round  the  ledges,  and  men  in  tall  fur  caps  with 
high  check  bones,  and  rings  in  their  ears,  walk 
the  decks.  At  the  stern  of  one  boat  was  moored 
a  coffin- shaped  barge  pierced  with  holes,  and 
hanging  in  the  water  were  baskets,  shaped  like 
olive  ja's — both  to  keep  the  stock  of  fish  alive 
and  fresh.  In  the  centre  of  the  boat  stood  the 
scales,— a  tall  heavy  apparatus,  one  side  fitted  up 
with  the  conical  net-bag  to  hold  the  eels,  and 
the  other  with  the  weights,  and  pieces  of  stone 
to  make  up  for  the  extra  draught  of  the  water 
hanging  about  the  fish.  When  a  skiff  load  of 
purchasers  arrives,  the  master  Dutchman  takes 
his  hands  from  his  pockets,  lays  down  his  pipe, 
and  seizing  a  sort  of  long-handled  landing-net 
scoops  from  the  tank  a  lot  of  eels.  The  pur- 
chasers examine  them,  and  try  to  beat  down  the 
price.  "  You  calls  them  eels  do  you  ? ' '  said  a  man 
with  his  bag  ready  opened.  "  Yeas,"  answered 
the  Dutchman  without  any  show  of  indignation. 
"  Certainly,  there  is  a  few  among  them,"  conti- 
nued the  customer ;  and  after  a  little  more  of  this 
kind  of  chaffering  the  bargain  is  struck. 

The  visitors  to  the  eel-boats  were  of  all 
grades ;  one  was  a  neatly-dressed  girl  to  whom 
the  costers  showed  the  utmost  gallantry,  calling 
her  "  my  dear,"  and  helping  her  up  the  shining 
sides  of  the  boat ;  and  many  of  the  men  had  on 


their  blue  serge  apron,  but  these  were  only 
where  the  prices  were  high.  The  greatest  crowd 
of  customers  is  in  the  heavy  barge  alongside 
of  the  Dutch  craft.  Here  a  stout  sailor  in  his 
red  woollen  shirt,  and  canvass  petticoat,  is  sur- 
rounded by  the  most  miserable  and  poorest  ol 
fish  purchasers — the  men  with  their  crushed 
hats,  tattered  coats,  and  unshorn  chins,  and  the 
women  with  their  pads  on  their  bonnets,  and 
brown  ragged  gowns  blowing  in  the  breeze.  One, 
in  an  old  table-cover  shawl,  was  beating  her 
palms  together  before  the  unmoved  Dutchman, 
fighting  for  an  abatement,  and  showing  her 
stock  of  halfpence.  Others  were  seated  round 
the  barge,  sorting  their  lots  in  their  shallows, 
and  sanding  the  fish  till  they  were  quite  yellow. 
Others,  again,  were  crowding  round  the  scales 
narrowly  watching  the  balance,  and  then  beg- 
ging for  a  few  dead  eels  to  make  up  any  doubt- 
ful weight 

As  you  walk  back  from  the  shore  to  the 
market,  you  see  small  groups  of  men  and 
women  dividing  the  lot  of  fish  they  have  bought 
together.  At  one  basket,  a  coster,  as  you  pass, 
calls  to  you,  and  says,  "  Here,  master,  just  put 
these  three  halfpence  on  these  three  cod,  and 
obleege  a  party."  The  coins  are  placed,  and 
each  one  takes  the  fish  his  coin  is  on  ;  and  so 
there  is  no  dispute. 

At  length  nearly  all  the  busy  marketing  has 
finished,  and  the  costers  hurry  to  breakfast  At 
one  house,  known  as  "  Rodway's  Coffee-house," 
a  man  can  have  a  meal  for  Irf. — a  mug  of  hot 
coffee  and  two  slices  of  bread  and  butter,  while  for 
two-pence  what  is  elegantly  termed  "  a  tight- 
ner,"  that  is  to  say,  a  most  plentiful  repast,  may- 
be obtained.  Here  was  a  large  room,  with  tables 
all  round,  and  so  extremely  silent,  that  the  smack- 
ing of  lips  and  sipping  of  coffee  were  alone  heard. 
Upwards  of  1,500  men  breakfast  here  in  the 
course  of  the  morning,  many  of  them  taking  as 
many  as  three  such  meals.  On  the  counter  was 
a  pile  of  white  mugs,  and  the  bright  tin  cans 
stood  beside  the  blazing  fire,  whilst  Rodwaj 
himself  sat  at  a  kind  of  dresser,  cutting  up  and 
buttering  the  bread,  with  marvellous  rapidity. 
It  was  a  clean,  orderly,  and  excellent  establish- 
ment, kept  by  a  man,  I  was  told,  who  had  risen 
from  a  saloop  stall. 

Opposite  to  the  Coal  Exchange  were  ranged 
the  stalls  and  barrows  with  the  street  eatables, 
and  the  crowds  round  each  showed  the  effects  of 
the  sharp  morning  air.  One — a  Jew's — had  hot- 
pies  with  lids  that  rose  as  the  gravy  was  poured 
in  from  an  oil  can  ;  another  carried  a  stone  jar  of 
peppermint- water,  at  \d.  a  glass ;  and  the  pea- 
soup  stand  was  hemmed  in  by  boys  and  men 
blowing  the  steam  from  their  cups.  Beside 
these  were  Jews  with  cloth  caps  and  knives,  and 
square  yellow  cakes  ;  one  old  man,  in  a  cor- 
ner, stood  examining  a  thread-bare  scarf  that 
a  cravatless  coster  had  handed  to  him.  Coffee- 
stalls  were  in  great  plenty;  and  men  left  their 
barrows  to  run  up  and  have  "  an  oyster,"  or 
"  an  'ot  heel."  One  man  here  makes  his  living 
by  selling  sheets  of  old  newspapers,  at  \d.  eacb 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


71 


for  the  costers  to  dress  their  trays  with.  Though 
seemingly  rather  out  of  place,  there  was  a  Mosaic 
jeweller)'  stand ;  old  umbrellas,  too,  were  far  from 
scarce ;  and  one  had  brought  a  horse-hair  stool 
for  sale. 

Everybody  was  soon  busy  laying  out  their 
stock.  The  wrinkled  dull-eyed  cod  was  freshened 
up,  the  red-headed  gurnet  placed  in  rows,  the 
eels  prevented  from  writhing  over  the  basket 
sides  by  cabbage-leaves,  and  the  soles  paired  off 
like  gloves.  Then  the  little  trucks  began  to 
leave,  crawling,  as  it  were,  between  the  legs  of  the 
horses  in  the  vans  crowding  Thames- street,  and 
plunging  in  between  huge  waggons,  but  still  ap- 
pearing safely  on  the  other  side ;  and  the  4,000 
costers  who  visit  Billingsgate  on  the  Friday 
morning  were  shortly  scattered  throughout  the 
metropolis. 

OF    THE    FORESTALLING    OF    MARKETS    AND 

THE  BILLINGSGATE  BUMMAREES. 
"  FORESTALLING,"  writes  Adam  Smith,  "is  the 
buying  or  contracting  for  any  cattle,  provisions, 
or  merchandize,  on  its  way  to  the  market  (or  at 
market),  or  dissuading  persons  from  buying  their 
goods  there,  or  persuading  them  to  raise  the 
price,  or  spreading  any  false  rumour  with  intent 
to  enhance  the  value  of  any  article.  In  the 
remoter  periods  of  our  history  several  statutes 
were  passed,  prohibiting  forestalling  under  severe 
penalties;  but  as  more  enlarged  views  upon 
such  subjects  began  to  prevail,  their  impolicy 
became  obvious,  and  they  were  consequently 
repealed  in  1772.  But  forestalling  is  still 
punishable  by  fine  and  imprisonment;  though 
it  l>e  doubtful  whether  any  jury  would  now 
convict  an  individual  accused  of  such  prac- 

In  Billingsgate  the  "  forestalled  "  'or  mid- 
dlemen are  known  as  "  bummarees,"  who,  as 
regards  means,  are  a  far  superior  class  to  the 
"hagglers"  (the  forestalled  of  the  "green" 
markets).  The  bumnfaree  is  the  jobber  or  specu- 
lator on  the  fish-exchange.  Perhaps  on  every 
Burning  100  men  buy  a  quantity  of  fish, 
which  they  account  likely  to  be  remunerative, 
and  retail  it,  or  dispose  of  it  in  lots  to  the  fish- 
mongers or  costermongers.  Few  if  any  of  these 
dealers,  however,  are  merely  bummarees.  A 
salesman,  if  he  have  disposed  of  tin  fish  consigned 
to  himself,  will  turn  bummaree  if  any  bargain 
tempt  him.  Or  a  fishmonger  may  purchase 
twice  the  quantity  IK-  requires  for  his  own 
trade,  in  order  to  procure  a  cheaper  stock,  and 
"bum:: 

speculations  in  fish  are  far  more  hazardous  than 
those  in  fruit  or  vegetables,  for  later  in  t: 

:it  by  rail--'  ,  h  Bif- 

Jnglgatc,  and,  being  thrown   upon  the    marki  t, 

may  reduce  the  price  one  half.    In  the  vegetable 

lit   markets    there    is   but  one  arrival. 

The   coRtermongers  are   among  the  best   cus- 

:>e  bummareei. 

I  asked  several  part  in  an  tn  the  origin  of 
the  *<••  and  how  long  it  had 

bless  your  sou). 


said  one  Billingsgate  labourer,  "there  always 
was  bummarees,  and  there  always  will  be ;  just 
as  Jack  there  is  a  '  rough,'  and  I'm  a  blessed 
'  bobber.'  "  One  man  assured  me  it  was  a  French 
name;  another  that  it  was  Dutch.  A  fish- 
monger, to  whom  I  was  indebted  for  informa- 
tion, told  me  he  thought  that  the  bummaree 
was  originally  a  bum-boat  man,  who  purchased 
of  the  wind-bound  smacks  at  Gravesend  or  the 
Nore,  and  sent  the  fish  up  rapidly  to  the  mar- 
ket by  land. 

I  may  add,  as  an  instance  of  the  probable 
gains  of  the  forestallers,  in  the  olden  time,  that 
a  tradesman  whose  family  had  been  long  con- 
nected with  Billingsgate,  showed  me  by  his  pre- 
decessors' books  and  memoranda,  that  in  the 
depth  of  winter,  when  the  Thames  was  perhaps 
choked  with  ice,  and  no  supply  of  fish  "  got  up" 
to  London,  any,  that  might,  by  management, 
reach  Billingsgate  used  to  command  exorbitant 
prices.  To  speak  only  of  the  present  century: 
March  llth,  1802,  a  cod  fish  (8  Ibs.)  was  bought 
by  Messrs.  Phillips  and  Robertson,  fishmongers, 
Bond- street,  for  11.  8s.  February,  1809,  a  salmon 
(19  Ibs.)  was  bought  by  Mr.  Phillips  at  a  guinea 
a  pound,  19/.  19$.  for  the  fish!  March  24th, 
1824,  three  lobsters  were  sold  for  a  guinea  each. 

The  "  haggler,"  I  may  here  observe,  is  the 
bummaree  or  forestaller  or  middleman  of  the  green 
markets  ;  as  far  as  the  costermonger's  trade  is 
concerned,  he  deals  in  fruit  and  vegetables.  Of 
these  trafficers  there  are  fully  200  in  Covent- 
garden -market;  from  60  to  70  in  Farringdon ; 
from  40  to  50  in  tiie  Borough ;  from  50  to  60 
in  Spitalfields;  and  none  in  Portman-market ; 
such  being  the  only  wholesale  green-markets 
for  the  purposes  of  the  costermongers.  The 
haggler  is  a  middleman  who  makes  his  pur- 
chases of  the  growers  when  the  day  is  some- 
what advanced,  and  the  whole  produce  con- 
veyed to  the  market  has  not  been  disposed  of. 
The  grower  will  then,  rather  than  be  detained 
in  town,  sell  the  whole  lot  remaining  in  his 
cart  or  wagon  to  a  haggler,  who  re-sells  it  to 
the  costers,  or  to  any  other  customer,  from  a 
stand  which  he  hires  by  the  day.  The  cos- 
termongers who  are  the  most  provident,  and 
either  have  means  or  club  their  resources  for  a 
large  purchase,  often  buy  early  in  the  morning, 
and  so  have  the  advantage  of  anticipating  their 
fellows  in  the  street-trade,  with  the  day  before 
them.  Those  who  buy  later  are  the  customers 
of  the  hagglers,  and  are  street-sellers,  whose 
means  do  not  command  an  extensive  pur. 
or  who  do  not  care  to  venture  upon  one  unless 
y  cheap.  These  men  speak  very  bitterly 
of  the  hagglers,  calling  them  "craeked-np  shop- 
keepers '  urfs,"  and  declaring  that  but 
for  them  the  growers  must  remain,  and 
their  produce  cheap  to  the  costermongers. 

A  species  of  forestalling  is  now  not  i. 
mon,  and  is  on  the  increase  among  the  coster- 
mongers   themselves.       There   arc    four 
having  the    command    of  money,   who 
the  markets  and  buy  cither  lish  or  vegetablei 
largely.     One  man  especially  buys  almo.M 


72 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TIIL  LONDON  POOR. 


as  much  fruit  and  vegetables  as  will  supply 
thirty  street- dealers.  He  adds  3d.  a  bushel 
to  the  wholesale  market  price  of  apples  ;  6d. 
to  that  of  pears;  9d.  to  plums;  and  Is.  to 
cherries.  A  purchaser  can  thus  get  a  smaller 
quantity  than  he  can  always  buy  at  market, 
and  avails  himself  of  the  opportunity. 

Moreover,  a  good  many  of  the  more  intelligent 
street-dealers  now  club  together — six  of  them, 
for  instance — contributing  15s.  each,  and  a  quan- 
tity of  fish  is  thus  bought  by  one  of  their  body  (a 
smaller  contribution  suffices  to  buy  vegetables). 
Perhaps,  on  an  equal  partition,  each  man  thus 
gets  for  his  15s.  as  much  as  might  have  cost  him 
20s.,  had  he  bought  "  single-handed."  This 
mode  of  purchase  is  also  on  the  increase. 

OF  "WET"  FISH-SELLERS  IN  THE  STREETS. 
CONCERNING  the  sale  of  "  wet  "  or  fresh  fish,  I 
had  the  following  account  from  a  trustworthy 
man,  of  considerable  experience  and  superior 
education  : 

"  I  have  sold  '  wet  fish '  in  the  streets  for  more 
than  fourteen  years,"  he  said;  "before  that  I 
was  a  gentleman,  and  was  brought  up  a  gentle- 
man, if  I'm  a  beggar  now.  I  bought  fish  largely 
in  the  north  of  England  once,  and  now  I  must 
sell  it  in  the  streets  of  London.  Never  mind 
talking  about  that,  sir ;  there's  some  things 
won't  bear  talking  about.  There's  a  wonderful 
difference  in  the  streets  since  I  knew  them  first ; 
I  could  make  a  pound  then,  where  I  can  hardly 
make  a  crown  now.  People  had  more  money, 
and  less  meanness  then.  I  consider  that  the  rail- 
ways have  injured  me,  and  all  wet  fish -sellers,  to 
a  great  extent.  Fish  now,  you  see,  sir,  comes  in 
at  all  hours,  so  that  nobody  can  calculate  on  the 
quantity  that  will  be  received — nobody.  That's 
the  mischief  of  it ;  we  are  afraid  to  buy,  and  miss 
many  a  chance  of  turning  a  penny.  In  my  time, 
since  railways  were  in,  I've  seen  cod-fish  sold  at 
a  guinea  in  the  morning  that  were  a  shilling  at 
noon;  for  either  the  wind  and  the  tide  had 
served,  or  else  the  railway  fishing-places  were 
more  than  commonly  supplied,  and  there  was  a 
glut  to  London.  There's  no  trade  requires 
greater  judgment  than  mine  —  none  whatever. 
Before  the  railways — and  I  never  could  see  the 
good  of  them — the  fish  came  in  by  the  tide,  and 
we  knew  how  to  buy,  for  there  would  be  no  more 
till  next  tide.  Now,  we  don't  know.  I  go  to 
Billingsgate  to  buy  my  fish,  and  am  very  well 

known  to  Mr. and  Mr. (mentioning 

the  names  of  some  well-known  salesmen).  The 
Jews  are  my  ruin  there  now.  "NVhen  I  go  to 

Billingsgate,  Mr.  will   say,    or   rather,  I 

will  say  to  him,  '  How  much  for  this  pad  of 
soles  ? '  He  will  answer,  '  Fourteen  shillings.' 
' Fourteen  shillings! '  I  say,  'I'll  give  you  seven 
shillings,  —  that's  the  proper  amount ;'  then 
the  Jew  boys — none  of  them  twenty  that  are 
there — ranged  about  will  begin ;  and  one  says, 
when  I  bifl  7s.,  '  I  '11  give  8s ;'  '  nine,'  says 
another,  close  on  my  left ;  '  ten,'  shouts  another, 
on  my  right,  and  so  they  go  offering  on  ;  at  last 
Mr.  says  to  one  of  them,  as  grave  as  a 


judge,  'Yours,  sir,  at  13s,'  but  it's  all  gammon. 
The  13s.  buyer  isn't  a  buyer  at  all,  and  isn't 
required  to  pay  a  farthing,  and  never  tone  lies 
the  goods.  It's  all  done  to  keep  up  the  price  to 
poor  fishmen,  and  so  to  poor  buyers  that  are 
our  customers  in  the  streets.  Money  makes 
money,  and  it  don't  matter  how.  Those  Jew 
boys — I  dare  say  they're  the  same  sort  as  once 
sold  oranges  about  the  streets — are  paid,  I  know 
Is.  for  spending  three  or  four  hours  that  way  in 
the  cold  and  wet.  My  trade  has  been  injured, 
too,  by  the  great  increase  of  Irish  coster- 
mongers  ;  for  an  Irishman  will  starve  out  an 
Englishman  any  day  ;  besides  if  a  tailor  can't 
live  by  his  trade,  he'll  take  to  fish,  or  fruit 
and  cabbages.  The  month  of  May  is  a  fine 
season  for  plaice,  which  is  bought  very  largely 
by  my  customers.  Plaice  are  sold  at  fr/.  and 
Id.  a  piece.  It  is  a  difficult  fish  to  manage-,  and 
in  poor  neighbourhoods  an  important  one  to 
manage  well.  The  old  hands  make  a  profit  out 
of  it ;  new  hands  a  loss.  There's  not  much 
cod  or  other  wet  fish  sold  to  the  poor,  while  plaice 
is  in.  "  My  customers  are  poor  men's  wives, 
— mechanics,  I  fancy.  They  want  fish  at  most 
unreasonable  prices.  If  I  could  go  and  pull  them 
off  a  line  flung  off  Waterloo-bridge,  and  no  other 
expense,  I  couldn't  supply  them  as  cheap  as  they 
expect  them.  Very  cheap  fish-sellers  lose  their 
customers,  through  the  Billingsgate  bummarees, 
for  they  have  pipes,  and  blow  up  the  cod-fish, 
most  of  all,  and  puff  up  their  bellies  till  they 
are  twice  the  size,  but  when  it  comes  to  table, 
there's  hardly  to  say  any  fish  at  all.  The  Bil- 
lingsgate authorities  would  soon  stop  it,  if  they 
knew  all  I  know.  They  won't  allow  any  roguery, 
or  any  trick,  if  they  only  come  to  hear  of  it. 
These  bummarees  have  caused  many  respectable 
people  to  avoid  street-buying,  and  so  fair  traders 
like  me  are  injured.  I've  nothing  to  complain  of 
about  the  police.  Oft  enough,  if  I  could  be  al- 
lowed ten  minutes  longer  on  a  Saturday  night, 
I  could  get  through  all  my  stock  without  loss. 
About  a  quarter  to  twelve  I  begin  to  halloo  away 
as  hard  as  I  can,  and  there's  plenty  of  customers 
that  lay  out  never  a  farthing  till  that  time,  and 
then  they  can't  be  served  fast  enough,  so  they 
get  their  fish  cheaper  than  I  do.  If  any  halloos 
out  that  way  sooner,  we  must  all  do  the  same. 
Anything  rather  than  keep  fish  over  a  warm 
Sunday.  I  have  kept  mine  in  ice;  I  haven't 
opportunity  now,  but  it'll  keep  in  a  cool  place 
this  time  of  year.  I  think  there's  as  many 
sellers  as  buyers  in  the  streets,  and  there's  scores 
of  them  don't  give  just  weight  or  measure.  I 
wish  there  was  good  moral  rules  in  force,  and 
everybody  gave  proper  weight  I  often  talk  to 
street- dealers  about  it.  I've  given  them  many  a 
lecture ;  but  they  say  they  only  do  what  plenty 
of  shopkeepers  do,  and  just  get  fined  and  go  on 
again,  without  being  a  pin  the  worse  thought  of. 
They  are  abusive  sometimes,  too ;  I  mean  the 
street- sellers  are,  because  they  are  ignorant.  I 
have  no  children,  thank  God,  and  my  wife  helps 
me  in  my  business.  Take  the  year  through,  I 
clear  from  10s.  to  12s.  every  week.  That's  not 


LONDON  LABOUR  JND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


niuch  to  support  two  people.  Some  weeks  I  earn 
only  4*.,— such  as  in  wet  March  weather.  In 
others  I  earn  18s.  or  I/.  November,  December, 
and  January  are  good  months  for  me.  I  wouldn't 
mind  if  they  lasted  all  the  year  round.  I'm 
often  very  badly  off  indeed— very  badly;  and 
the  misery  of  being  hard  up,  sir,  is  not  when 
you're  making  a  struggle  to  get  out  of  your 
trouble ;  no,  nor  to  raise  a  meal  off  herrings  that 
;  away  once,  but  when  your  wife  and 
^tting  by  a  grate  without  a  fire,  and  put- 
o  candle  out  to  save  it,  a  planning  how  to 
:ioney.  '  Can  we  borrow  there  ? '  '  Can 
we  manage*  to  sell  if  we  can  borrow  ?  '  '  Shall 
we  get  from  very  bad  to  the  parish  ?  '  Then, 
perhaps,  there's  a  clay  lost,  and  without  a  bite  in 
our  mouths  trying  to  borrow.  Let  alone  a  little 
drop  to  give  a  body  courage,  which  perhaps  is 
the  only  good  use  of  spirit  after  all.  That's  the 
pinch,  sir.  When  the  rain  you  hear  outside  puts 

mind  of  drowndingl " 

Subjoined  is  the  amount  (in  round  numbers) 
of  wet  fish  annually  disposed  of  in  the  metro- 
polis by  the  street-sellers : 

No.  of  Fish.       Ibs.  weight 

Salmon        .  20,000  175,000 

,d      .         .  100,000         1,000,000 

Soles   .         .         .  6,500,000         1,650,000 

Whiting       .         .  4,440,000         1,680,000 

Haddock      .         .  2)0.000  500,000 

Plaice  .         .          2!),  100.000       29,400,000 

15,700,000       15,700,000 

875,000,000     210,000,000 

3,000,000 

n  Holland  400,000  65,000 

Flounder*    .         .  260,000  43,000 

270,000  48,000 

Total  quantity  of) 

i  n  *  the  [  932,340,000     263,28 1 ,000 
-  of  London    .  J 

Table  we  perceive  that  the  fish, 
of  which  the  greatest  quantity  is  eaten  by  the 
poor,  is  herrings;  of  this,  compared  with  plaice 
is  upwards  of  thirty  times  the  number 
consumed.  After  plaice  rank  mackerel,  and  of 
these  t!  :ion  is  about  one-half  less  in 

r  than  plaice,  while  the  number  of  soles 
in   the  streets,  is  again  half  of  that  of 
mackerel.       Then     come    whiting,    which    are 
.e  number  of  the  soles,  while- 
poor   of  haddock,  cod, 

eeU,  and  salmon,  is  comparatively  insignificant. 
'i  b>   weight,   only 
of  pounds  ;j; 

in  pared    with   the   weight  o!  .      The 

gl  sold  in  the  sti 

that    of    plaice,     and    t  .it    of 

tckerel.  than  260,0' 

"<)  tons  weight  of  wet  t 
.  M  (1   in   the  street*  of   i 
' 

\r regale  am- 

indeed,  coi 
poll*. 


OF  SPRAT-SELLING  IN  THE  STREETS. 

SPRATS — one  of  the  cheapest  and  most  grateful 
luxuries  of  the  poor — are  generally  introduced 
about  the  9th  of  November.  Indeed  "  Lord 
Mayor's  day"  is  sometimes  called  "sprat  day." 
They  continue  in  about  ten  weeks.  They  are 
sold  at  Billingsgate  by  the  "toss,"  or  "chuck," 
which  is  about  half  a  bushel,  and  weighs  from 
401bs.  to  501bs.  The  price  varies  from  Is.  to  5*. 
Sprats  are,  this  season,  pronounced  remarkably 
fine.  "  Look  at  my  lot  sir,"  said  a  street-seller 
to  me  ;  "  they're  a  heap  of  new  silver,"  and  the 
bright  shiny  appearance  of  the  glittering  little 
fish  made  the  comparison  not  inappropriate. 
In  very  few,  if  in  any,  instances  does  a 
costermonger  confine  himself  to  the  sale  of 
sprats,  unless  his  means  limit  him  to  that  one 
branch  of  the  business.  A  more  prosperous 
street- fishmonger  will  sometimes  detach  the 
sprats  from  his  stall,  and  his  wife,  or  one  of  his 
children  will  take  charge  of  them.  Only  a  few 
sprat-sellers  are  itinerant,  the  fish  being  usually 
sold  by  stationary  street-sellers  at  "  pitches." 
One  who  worked  his  sprats  through  the  streets, 
or  sold  them  from  a  stall  as  he  thought  best, 
gave  me  the  following  account.  He  was  dressed 
in  a  newish  fustian-jacket,  buttoned  close  up  his 
chest,  but  showing  a  portion  of  a  clean  cotton 
shirt  at  the  neck,  with  a  bright-coloured  coarse 
handkerchief  round  it ;  the  rest  of  his  dress  was 
cover'.J  by  a  white  apron.  His  hair,  as  far  as  I 
could  see  it  under  his  cloth  cap,  was  carefully 
brushed,  and  (it  appeared)  as  carefully  oiled. 
At  the  first  glance  I  set  him  down  as  having 
been  a  gentleman's  servant.  He  had  a  some- 
what deferential,  though  far  from  cringing 
manner  with  him,  and  seemed  to  be  about 
twenty-five  or  twenty-six — he  thought  he  was 
older,  he  said,  but  did  not  know  his  age  ex- 
actly. 

"  Ah !  sir,"  he  began,  in  a  tone  according  with 
his  look,  "  sprats  is  a  blessing  to  the  poor. 
Fresh  herrings  is  a  blessing  too,  and  sprats  is 
young  herrings,  and  is  a  blessing  in  'portion" 
[for  so  he  pronounced  what  seemed  to  be  a 
favourite  word  with  him  "  proportion  "  1.  "  It's 
only  four  years — yes.  four,  I'm  sure  of  that — 
since  I  walked  the  street  starving,  in  the  depth 
of  winter,  and  looked  at  the  sprats.  ;md  said.  1 
wish  I  could  fill  my  belly  ofl'  you.  Sir,  I  hope 
it  was  no  great  sin,  but  I  could  hardly  keep  my 
hands  from  stealing  some  and  eating  them  raw. 
It'  they  make  me  sick,  thought  I,  the  police  '11 
take  care  of  me.  and  that  '  11  K-  something. 
While  these  thoughts  was  a  passing  through  my 
mind,  I  met  a  man  who  was  a  gentK 
coachman;  I  knew  him  a  little  formerly,  and  so 
•  •d  him  and  told  him  who  I  was,  and  that 
I  hadn't  had  a  meal  lor  two  day-.  '  Well,  by 
G — ,'  said  the  coachman.  '  you  look  like  it, 
why  I  hhouldn't  have  knowi.  :e'i  a 

shilling.'     And  then  he  went  on  a  little  way,  and 
•!<•<!.  and    turned  back  and  thrust  &\d. 
d.  and  bolted  olK      \'\> 

seen  him  since.    But  I'm  grateful  to  him  in  the 


7-1 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


same  'portion  (proportion)  as  if  I  had.  After  I'd 
had  a  penn'orth  of  bread  and  a  penn'orth  of 
cheese,  and  half-a-pint  of  beer,  I  felt  a  new  man, 
and  I  went  to  the  party  as  I'd  longed  to  steal 
the  sprats  from,  and  told  him  what  I'd  thought 
of.  I  can't  say  what  made  me  tell  him,  but 
it  turned  out  for  good.  I  don't  know  much 
about  religion,  though  I  can  read  a  little,  but 
may  be  that  had  something  to  do  with  it" 
The  rest  of  the  man's  narrative  was — briefly 
told  —  as  follows.  He  was  the  only  child  of 
a  gentleman's  coachman  His  father  had  de- 
serted his  mother  and  him,  and  gone  abroad,  he 
believed,  with  some  family.  His  mother,  how- 
ever, took  care  of  him  until  her  death,  which 
happened  "when  he  was  a  little  turned  thirteen, 
he  had  heard,  but  could  not  remember  the 
year."  After  that  he  was  "  a  helper  and  a 
jobber  in  different  stables,"  and  "  anybody's 
boy,"  for  a  few  years,  until  he  got  a  footman's, 
or  rather  footboy's  place,  which  he  kept  above 
a  year.  After  that  he  was  in  service,  in  and  out 
of  different  situations,  until  the  tima  he  speci- 
fied, when  he  had  been  out  of  place  for  nearly 
five  weeks,  and  was  starving.  His  master  had 
got  in  difficulties,  and  had  gone  abroad ;  so  he 
was  left  without  a  character.  "  Well,  sir,"  he 
continued,  "  the  man  as  I  wanted  to  steal  the 
sprats  from,  says  to  me,  says  he,  '  Poor  fellow ; 
I  know  what  a  hempty  belly  is  myself — come 
and  have  a  pint.'  And  over  that  there  pint,  he 
told  me,  if  I  could  rise  10*.  there  might  be  a 
chance  for  me  in  the  streets,  and  he'd  show  me 
how  to  do.  He  died  not  very  long  after  that, 
poor  man.  Well,  after  a  little  bit,  I  managed 

to  borrow  10.9.  of  Mr.  (I  thought  of  him 

all  of  a  sudden).  He  was  butler  in  a  family 
that  I  had  lived  in,  and  had  a  chantage  cha- 
racter, though  he  was  reckoned  very  proud. 
But  I  plucked  up  a  spirit,  and  told  him  how 
I  was  off,  and  he  said,  'Well,  I'll  try  you,' 
and  he  lent  me  10s.,  which  I  paid  him  back, 
little  by  little,  in  six  or  eight  weeks ;  and 
so  I  started  in  the  costermonger  line,  with  the 
advice  of  my  friend,  and  I've  made  from  ,'tx.  to 
10s.,  sometimes  more,  a  week,  at  it  ever  since. 
The  police  don't  trouble  me  much.  They  is  civil 
to  me  in  'portion  (proportion)  as  I  am  civil  to 
them.  I  never  mixed  with  the  costers  but  when 
I've  met  them  at  market.  I  stay  at  a  lodging- 
house,  but  it's  very  decent  and  clean,  and  I  have 
a  bed  to  myself,  at  Is.  a  week,  for  I'm  a  regular 
man.  I'm  on  sprats  now,  you  see,  sir,  and  you'd 
wonder,  sometimes,  to  see  how  keen  people  looks 
to  them  when  they're  new.  They're  a  blessing 
to  the  poor,  in  'portion  (proportion)  of  course. 
Not  twenty  minutes  before  you  spoke  to  me, 
there  was  two  poor  women  came  up — they  was 
sickly-looking,  but  I  don't  know  what  they  was 
— perhaps  shirt-makers  — and  they  says  tome, 
says  they,  '  Show  us  what  a  penny  plateful  is.' 
'S";irt'nly,  ladies,'  says  I.  Then  they  whispered 
fn^t-tlier,  and  at  last  one  says,  says  she,  '  We'll 
have  two  platefuls.'  I  told  you  they  was  a 
blessing  to  the  poor,  sir— 'specially  to  such  as 
them,  as  lives  all  the  year  round  on  bread  and 


tea.  But  it's  not  only  the  poor  as  buys ;  other* 
in  'portion  (proportion).  When  they're  new 
they're  a  treat  to  everybody.  I've  sold  them 
to  poor  working-men,  who've  said,  'I'll  take 
a  treat  home  to  the  old  'oman  and  the  kids ; 
they  dotes  on  sprats.'  Gentlemen's  servants 
is  very  fond  of  them,  and  mechanics  comes 
down  —  such  as  shoemakers  in  their  leather 
aprons,  and  sings  out,  '  Here,  old  sprats,  give 
us  two  penn'orth.'  They're  such  a  relish.  I  sell 
more  to  men  than  to  women,  perhaps,  but 
there's  little  difference.  They're  best  stewed, 
sir,  I  think  —  if  you're  fond  of  sprats  —  with 
vinegar  and  a  pick  of  allspice;  that's  my  opi- 
nion, and,  only  yesterday,  an  old  cook  said  I 
was  right  I  makes  Is.  6rf.  to  2s.  6'rf.  a  day, 
and  sometimes  rather  more,  on  my  sprats,  and 
sticks  to  them  as  much  as  I  can.  I  sell  about 
my  '  toss '  a  day,  seldom  less.  Of  course  I  can 
make  as  many  penn'orths  of  it  as  I  please, 
but  there's  no  custom  without  one  gives  mid- 
dling penn'orths.  If  a  toss  costs  me  3s.,  I 
may  make  sixty  penn'orths  of  it  sometimes — 
sometimes  seventy  or  more  —  and  sometimes 
less  than  sixty.  There's  many  turns  over  as 
much  as  me  and  more  than  that  I'm  think- 
ing that  I'll  work  the  country  with  a  lot; 
they'll  keep  to  a  second  day,  when  they're 
fresh  to  start,  'specially  if  its  frosty  weather, 
too,  and  then  they're  better  than  ever  —  yes, 
and  a  greater  treat — scalding  hot  from  the  fire. 
they're  the  cheapest  and  best  of  all  suppers  in 
the  winter  time.  I  hardly  know  which  way  I'll 
go.  If  I  can  get  anythink  to  do  among  horses 
in  the  country,  I'll  never  come  back.  I've  no 
tie  to  London." 

To  show  how  small  a  sum  of  money  will  enable 
the  struggling  striving  poor  to  obtain  a  living, 
I  may  here  mention  that,  in  the  course  of  my 
inquiries  among  the  mudlarks,  I  casually  gave 
a  poor  shoeless  urchin,  who  was  spoken  of  by 
one  of  the  City  Missionaries  as  being  a  well- 
disposed  youth,  Is.  out  of  the  funds  that  had 
been  entrusted  to  me  to  dispense.  Trifling  as 
the  amount  appears,  it  was  the  means  of 
keeping  his  mother,  sister,  and  himself  through 
the  winter.  It  was  invested  in  sprats,  and 
turned  over  and  over  again. 

I  am  informed,  by  the  best  authorities,  tha 
near  upon  1000  "tosses"  of  sprats  are  sole 
daily  in  London  streets,  while  the  season  lasts 
These,  sold  retail  in  pennyworths,  at  very 
nearly  5s.  the  toss,  give  about  1501.  a  day,  o 
say  1,000/.  a  week  spent  on  sprats  by  the  poore 
l  of  the  metropolis  ;  so  that,  calculating 
the  sprat  season  to  last  ten  weeks,  about  10,000^ 
would  be  taken  by  the  cosiermongers  during 
that  time  from  the  sale  of  this  fish  alone. 

Another  return,  furnished  me  by  an  eminen 
salesman  at  Billingsgate,  estimates  the  g 
quantity  of  sprats  sold  by  the  London  costers 
in  the  course  of  the  season  at  three  millions  o 
pounds  weight,  and  this  disposed  of  at  the  rate 
of  \d.  per  pound,  gives  upwards  of  12,000/.  for 
the  sum  of  money  spent  upon  this  one  kim 
of  fish. 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


75 


OF  SHELL-FISH  SELLERS  IN  THE  STREETS. 

I   had  the  following  account  from  an  experi- 
enced man.      He   lived   with   his  mother,    his 
wife,  and  four  children,  in  one  of  the  streets 
near   Gray's-inn-lane.      The   street   was   inha- 
bited  altogether   by   people   of  his   class,    the 
women  looking  sharply   out   when   a   stranger 
the    place.     On    my    first  visit  to   this 
man's  room,  his  wife,  who  is  near  her  confine- 
ment,  was  at  dinner  with  her  children.     The 
was   i    to    12.     The    meal    was  tea,    and 
with  butter  very   thinly  spread  over    it 
On    the    wife's   bread   was   a    small    piece    of 
pickled  pork,  covering  about  one- eighth  of  the 
slice  of  a  quartern  loaf  cut  through.     In  one 
of  the  room,  which  is  on  the  giound- 
was    a    scantily-covered    bed.      A    few 
looking  rags  were  hanging  up  to  dry  in 
idle  of  the  room,  which  was  littered  with 
baskets  and  boxes,  mixed  up  with  old  furniture, 
so  that  it  was  a  difficulty  to  stir.     The  room 
(although  the  paper,  covering  the  broken  panes 
window,  was  torn  and  full  of  holes)  was 
oppressively   close   and    hot,    and    there 
was  a  fetid  smell,  difficult  to  sustain,  though 
less   noticeable    on   a   subsequent  call, 
often  had  occasion  to  remark  that  the 
poor,  especially  those  who  are  much  subjected 
to  cold  in  the  open    air,    will    sacrifice   much 
for   heat     The  adjoining  room,  which  had  no 
door,    seemed    littered   like  the  one  where  the 
family  were.     The  walls  of  the  room  I  was  in 
were  discoloured  and  weather-stained.     The  only 
attempt  at  ornament  was  over  the  mantel- shelf, 
the   wall   here    being    papered    with    red    and 
other  gay-coloured  papers,  that  once  had  been 
npholstcrer's  patterns. 

On  my  second  visit,  the  husband  was  at 
iinner  wi'th  the  family,  on  good  boiled  beef  and 
potatoes.  He  was  a  small -featured  man,  with  a 
bead  of  very  curly  and  long  black  hair,  and 
both  i:  .  dress,  resembled 

more  than   the  costermonger. 
He  said  :— 

twenty  years  and  more,  perhaps 
j  twenty  •  ng   shell-fish    in   the   streets. 

I  was  a  boot-closer  when  I  was  young,  and 
hare  made  my  '20*.  and  30*.,  and  sometimes  40*., 
d  tli.  ;  hut  I  had 

:.eumatic-fever,  and  lost  the  use  of 
I  my   ha.  1  ne    streets    hadn't 

far  as  I  knew,  then,  but  as 
t   was  juV   a  choice  between 
H,  so  I  didn't  prefer  the 

[last     !  :«  grading  to  po  into  the 

[streeU— but  I  couldn't  help  that     I  was  asto- 
at  my  success   -•  •   began,  and 

into  the  bu«inems-that  undcr- 

t  —  after  a  week,  or  tw . 
made  31.  the  first  week   I   knew  my 
yet,  I  cleared  3/. !     1  made, 
long  after," 51.  a  week— but  not  often. 

-  od,  I  waa  a  fool, 
!<1  have 
.*  family  thci;  like  a  fM-ntlcman— I 


send  them  to  school  as  it  is— but  1  hadn't  » 
wife  and  family  then,  or  it  might  have  been 
better  ;  it's  a  great  check  on  a  man,  is  a  family. 
I  began  with  shell- fish,  and  sell  it  still ;  very 
seldom  anything  else.  There's  more  demand 
for  shells,  no  cKwbt,  because  its  far  cheaper, 
but  then  there's  so  many  more  sellers.  I  don't 
know  why  exactly.  I  suppose  it's  because  poor 
people  go  into  the  streets  when  they  can't  live 
other  ways,  and  some  do  it  because  they  think 
it's  an  idle  life;  but  it  ain't  Where  I  took  35*. 
in  a  day  at  my  stall— and  well  on  to  half  of  it 
profit — I  now  take  5*.  or  6*.,  or  perhaps  7s.,  in 
the  day  and  less  profit  on  that  less  money. 
I  don't  clear  3*.  a  day  now,  take  the  year 
through.  I  don't  keep  acccounts,  but  I'm 
certain  enough  that  I  average  about  15*.  a 
week  the  year  through,  and  my  wife  has  to  help 
me  to  make  that  She'll  mind  the  stall,  while  I 
take  a  round  sometimes.  I  sell  all  kinds  o( 
shell-fish,  but  my  great  dependence  is  on 
winkles.  I  don't  do  much  in  lobsters.  Very 
few  speculate  in  them.  The  price  varies 
very  greatly.  What's  10*.  a  score  one  day 
may  be  25*.  the  next  I  sometimes  get  a  score 
for  5*.  or  6*.,  hut  it's  a  poor  trade,  for  6d.  is  the 
top  of  the  tree,  with  me,  for  a  price  to  a  seller. 
I  never  get  more.  I  sell  them  to  mechanics 
and  tradesmen.  I  do  more  in  pound  crabs. 
There's  a  great  call  for  haporths  and  pennorths 
of  lobster  or  crab,  by  children ;  that's  their 
claws.  I  bile  them  all  myself,  and  buy  them 
alive.  I  can  bile  twenty  in  half  an  hour,  and 
do  it  over  a  grate  in  a  back-yard.  Lobsters 
don't  fight  or  struggle  much  in  the  hot 
water,  if  they're  properly  packed.  It's  very 
few  that  knows  how  to  bile  a  lobster  as  he 
should  be  biled.  I  wish  I  knew  any  way  of 
killing  lobsters  before  biling  them.  I  can't 
kill  them  without  smashing  them  to  bits,  and 
that  won't  do  at  all.  I  kill  my  crabs  before  I 
bile  them.  I  stick  them  in  the  throat  with  a 
knife  and  they're  dead  in  an  instant.  Some 
stieks  them  with  a  skewer,  but  they  kick  a  good 
while  with  the  skewer  in  them.  It's  a  i] 
to  torture  anything  when  it  c.-.u  he  helped.  If 
I  didn't  kill  the  crabs  they'd  shed  every  leg 
in  the  hot  water;  they'd  come  out  as  bare  ot 
claws  as  this  plate.  I've  known  it  oft  enough, 
as  it  is;  though  I  kill  them  uncommon  quick,  a 
crab  will  be  quicker  and  shed  every  leg— throw 
them  off  in  the  moment  I  kill  them,  but  that 
happen  once  in  fifty  tines.  Oysters 

tal   this   SCM  n    as   to   quality, 

but   they're  not  a  good    sale.      I    made    3J.   a 
week   in    oyst.  -koning   anything   else,  / 

.  or  twenty  years  hack.      It    was   easy    to      y 

icy    then  ;      like     putting     dou;, 

o  up.     I   sold   oysters 

:    enough    at    !</.    a    piece, 
far  finer  at  three  a  penny  and  five  for  '1,1.    I 
can't    spend    mom  v     in    shell-fish     when     they 

norki 

once  at  peocd 

knocked  at 
told  me  afterwards,  that  last 


7< ; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOil. 


winter,  after  an  attack  of  rheumatism,  all  their 
stock-money  was  exhausted,  and  her  husband 
sat  day  by  day  at  home  almost  out  of  his  mind ; 
for  nothing  could  tempt  him  to  apply  to  the 
parish,  and  "  he  would  never  have  mentioned 
his  sufferings  to  me,"  she  said;  "he  had  too 
much  pride."  The  loan  of  a  few  shillings  from 
a  poor  costermonger  enabled  the  man  to  go  to 
market  again,  or  he  and  his  family  would  now 
have  been  in  the  Union. 

As  to  the  quantity  of  shell-fish  sold  in  the 
streets  of  London,  the  returns  before-cited  give 
the  following  results  : 

Oysters      .          .     .  124,000,000 

Lobsters 60,000 

Crabs 50,000 

Shrimps 770,000  pts. 

Whelks 4,950,000 

Mussels       ....      1,000,000  qts. 

Cockles 750,000  qts. 

Periwinkles     .     .     .      3,640,000  pts. 

OF  SHRIMP  SELLING  IN  THE  STREETS. 

SHRIMP  selling,  as  I  have  stated,  is  one  of  tho 
trades  to  which  the  street-dealer  often  con 
fines  himself  throughdut  the  year.  The  sale  is 
about  equally  divided  between  the  two  sexes, 
but  the  men  do  the  most  business,  walking 
some  of  them  fifteen  to  twenty  miles  a  day 
in  a  "round"  of  "ten  miles  there  and  ten 
back." 

The  shrimps  vended  in  the  streets  are  th* 
Yarmouth  prawn  shrimps,  sold  at  Billingsgate 
at  from  6d.  to  IQd.  a  gallon,  while  the  best 
shrimps  (chiefly  from  Lee,  in  Essex,)  vary  in 
price  from  IQd.  to  2s.  6rf.  a  gallon ;  2s.  being 
a  common  price.  The  shrimps  are  usually 
mixed  by  the  street- dealers,  and  they  are  cried, 
from  stalls  or  on  rounds,  "  a  penny  half-pint,  fine 
fresh  s'rimps."  (I  heard  them  called  nothing  but 
"s'rimps"  by  the  street- dealers.)  The  half-pint, 
however,  is  in  reality  but  half  that  quantity. 
"  It's  the  same  measure  as  it  was  thirty  years 
back,"  I  was  told,  in  a  tone  as  if  its  anti- 
quity removed  all  imputation  of  unfair  deal- 
ing. Some  young  men  "do  well  on  s'rimps," 
sometimes  taking  5s.  in  an  hour  on  a  Saturday 
evening,  "  when  people  get  their  money,  and 
wants  a  relish."  The  females  in  the  shrimp 
line  are  the  wives,  widows,  or  daughters  of 
costermongers.  They  are  computed  to  average 
Is.  (id.  a  day  profit  in  fine,  and  from  9d.  to  Is. 
in  bad  weather ;  and,  in  snowy,  or  very  severe 
weather,  sometimes  nothing  at  all. 

One  shrimp  -  seller,  a  middle  -  aged  woman, 
wrapped  up  in  a  hybrid  sort  of  cloak,  that 
was  half  a  man's  and  half  a  woman's  gar- 
ment, gave  me  the  following  account.  There 
was  little  vulgarity  in  either  her  language  or 
manner. 

"  I  was  in  the  s'rimp  trade  since  I  was  a  girl. 
I  don't  know  how  long.  I  don't  know  how  old 
I  am.  I  never  knew ;  but  I've  two  children, 
one's  six  and  t'other  s  near  eight,  both  girls  ; 
JL've  kept  count  of  that  a*  well  as  I  can.  My 


husband  sells  fish  in  the  street ;  so  did  father, 
but  he's  dead.  We  buried  him  without  the  help 
of  the  parish,  as  many  gets — that's  something 
to  say.  I  've  known  the  trade  every  way.  If 
never  was  any  good  in  public -houses.  The} 
want  such  great  ha'p'orths  there.  They'll  put 
up  with  what  isn't  very  fresh,  to  be  sure,  some- 
times :  and  good  enough  for  them  too,  I  say, 
as  spoils  their  taste  with  drink."  [This  was 
said  very  bitterly.]  "  If  it  wasn't  for  my  hus- 
band's drinking  for  a  day  together  now  and  then 
we'd  do  better.  He's  neither  to  have  nor  to  hold 
when  he's  the  worse  for  liquor;  and  it's  the 
worse  with  him,  for  he's  a  quiet  man  when  he's 
his  own  man.  Perhaps  I  make  9d.  a  day,  per- 
haps Is.  or  more.  Sometimes  my  husband  takes 
my  stand,  and  I  go  a  round.  Sometimes,  if  he 
gets  through  his  fish,  he  goes  my  round.  I  give 
good  measure,  and  my  pint's  the  regular  s'rimp 
pint"  [It  was  the  half -pint  I  have  described.] 
"  The  trade 's  not  so  good  as  it  was.  People  hasn't 
the  money,  they  tells  me  so.  It's  bread  before 
s'rimps,  says  they.  I've  heard  them  say  it  very 
cross,  if  I've  wanted  hard  to  sell.  Some  days 
I  can  sell  nothing.  My  children  stays  with  my 
sister,  when  me  and  my  old  man's  out.  They 
don't  go  to  school,  but  Jane  (the  sister)  learns 
them  to  sew.  She  makes  drawers  for  the  slop- 
sellers,  but  has  very  little  work,  and  gets  very 
little  for  the  little  she  does ;  she  would  learn 
them  to  read  if  she  knew  how.  She's  married 
to  a  pavior.  that's  away  all  day.  It's  a  hard  life 
mine,  sir.  The  -nnter's  a  coming,  and  I'm  now 
sometimes  numoed  with  sitting  at  my  stall  in 
the  cold.  My  feet  feels  like  lumps  of  ice  in 
the  winter ;  and  they're  beginning  now,  as  if 
they  weren't  my  own.  Standing 's  far  harder 
work  than  going  a  round.  I  sell  the  best  s'rimps. 
My  customers  is  judges.  If  I've  any  s'rimps 
over  on  a  night,  as  I  often  have  one  or  two 
rights  a  week,  I  sells  them  for  half-price  to 
an  Irishwoman,  and  she  takes  them  to  the 
beer-shops,  and  the  coffee-shops.  She  washes 
them,  to  look  fresh.  I  don't  mind  telling  that, 
t«ecause  people  should  buy  of  regular  people. 
It's  very  few  people  know  how  to  pick  a  s'rimp 
properly.  You  should  take  it  by  the  head  and 
the  tail  and  jam  them  up,  and  then  tin 
separates,  and  the  s'rimp  comes  out  beautifully. 
That's  the  proper  way." 

Sometimes  the  sale  on  the  rounds  may  be  the 
same  as  that  at  the  stalls,  or  10  or  20  per  cent, 
more  or  less,  according  to  the  weather,  as  shrimps 
can  be  sold  by  the  itinerant  dealers  better  than 
by  the  stall-keepers  in  wet  weather,  when  people 
prefer  buying  at  their  doors.  But  in  hot 
weather  the  stall  trade  is  the  best,  "  for  people 
often  fancy  that  the  s'rimps  is  sent  out  to  sell 
"cause  they'll  not  keep  no  longer.  It's  only 
among  customers  as  knows  you,  you  can  do 
any  good  on  a  round  then." 

The  costermongers  sell  annually,  it  ap- 
pears, about  770,000  pints  of  shrimps.  At 
Id.  a  pint  (a  very  low  calculation)  the  streel 
sale  ot  shrimps  amount  to  upwards  of  6,409^ 
yearly. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOS  POOR. 


77 


OF  OYSTER  SELLING  IN  THE  STREETS. 

THE  trade  in  oysters  is  unquestionably  one  of 
the  oldest  with  which  the  London— or  rather 
the  Kncjlish — markets  are  connected;  for  oysters 
from  Britain  were  a  luxury  in  ancient  Rome. 

rs   are  now   sold   out   of  the   smacks    at 
Billingsgate,   and    a    few    at    Hungerford.       The 
\pensive    kind,    such    as    the    real   Milton, 
are  never  bought  bv  the  costermongers,  but  they 
of  a  "good  middling  quality."     At 
•nmencement   of    the   season    these 
[s.   a    '•  bu>hel,"    but    the  measure   contains 
.    bushel  and  a  half  to  two  bushels,  as  it  is 
or    less   heaj)ed    up.       The   general    price, 
.  but  they  /KMV   Keen   li:.--. 
':•• "   was  unknown    until 
A  hen   the  very  large  shelly  oysters,  the  fish 
small,    were    introduced    from 
sold    in  Thames- 
ad    by  the  Borough-market.       Their    sale 
•   :irst  enorm  -termon;_rers  distin- 

i    them   by   the    name  of  '-scuttle-mouths." 
rbrmant  told  me  that  on  the  Satur- 
unfmjuently,  with  the  help  of  a  boy 
and  a  1    10s.   by  selling  these  oysters 

in   the   sti'-eN,   dispo>jn<:   of    four   bags.      He  thus 
-one    dozen    to    the   bag, 
i    as   tin1   price    was   two  for   a 
;-.   by  the  salo  of  oysters 
streets  in  one  night.      With   the  scuttle- 
mouths    the  r    takes   no   trouble:  he 
th'-m    into  a  yard,   and  dashes  a  few  pails 
:•  them,  and  then  places  them  on  his 
-   them   to   his  still.     Some  of 
:'  costermongers,    however,    lay 
s   carefully,    giving   them   oat- 
eal  "  • 

:ne  of  the  street -sellers  of  this 
^i-hed.    for    the    fir>t    time,    "oyster- 
were    carried    on    by    coster- 
over   at   twelve   in 
i   little  later;    they  bought  a  bushel 
(never    the    others),    and,    in 
;   a  round   with  them   to  poor 
•urhoods,     until     about     six.    when    they 

Going 

-rounds    K   hard    work,    I    am   told, 
-   generally  tiken  to  a-sist.     Monday 
me   for   this   trade,   when 
taken,    and  profit 

tii<-    lai'_'(ir    si'iii — 
.y    in  the   w  iller    is    tl.e 

receipt,  owing  to  the  wages  of  the  working 
dawes  getting  gradually  • 

women  who  sell  oysters  in  ti 
hose    dealings   n  v    either   ,,f  the 

•ottormongers  or  at   the  coal-sheds. 

ty  as  a  peck  can  l- 

An    •  . Id    woman.    \\i,.,    Ind    "Men    letter  .lays." 

but    had    been  reduced  to  keep  an   oyster- Mall, 
re  m.-  !h«'  ioiio\\ii._'  .1,  ci.uM  <•;  b«r costomm, 

f    show -I     iinjrii     si.i.w.ln.        m     b'-r    OOllrOTM" 

tie«,  but  baring  known  better  days,  she  declined 


to   enter   upon   any   conversation   concerning    he» 
former  life: — 

"  As  to  my  customers,  sir,"  she  said,  "  why 
indeed  they're  all  sorts.  It's  not  a  very  few 
times  that  gentlemen  (I  call  them  so  because 
they're  mostly  so  civil)  will  stop — just  as  it's 
getting  darkish,  perhaps, — and  look  about  them, 
and  then  come  to  me  and  say  very  quick : 
*  Two  penn'orth  for  a  whet.'  Ah !  some  of  'em 
will  look,  may  be,  like  poor  parsons  down  upon 
their  luck,  and  swallow  their  oysters  as  if  they 
was  taking  poison  in  a  hurry.  They'll  not  touch 
the  bread  or  butter  once  in  twenty  times,  but 
they'll  be  free  with  the  pepper  and  vinegar,  or. 
mayhap,  they'll  say  quick  and  short,  '  A  crust 
otl  that.'  I  many  a  time  think  that  two  pen- 
n'orth is  a  poor  gentleman's  dinner.  It's  the 
same  often — but  only  half  as  often,  or  not  half 
— with  a  ]H)or  lady,  with  a  veil  that  once  wa> 
black,  over  a  bonnet  to  match,  and  shivering 
through  her  shawl.  She'll  have  the  same.  About 
two  penn'orth  is  the  mark  still  ;  it's  mostly  two 
penn'orth.  My  son  says,  it's  because  that's  the 
price  of  a  glass  of  gin,  and  some  persons  buy 
oysters  instead — but  that's  only  his  joke,  sir. 
It's  not  the  vulgar  {>oor  that's  our  chief  cus- 
tomers. There's  iivuiy  of  them  won't  touch 
oysters,  and  I've  heard  some  of  them  say:  'The 
sight  on  'em  makes  me  sick;  it's  like  eating 
snails.'  The  poor  gills  that  walk  the  streets 
often  buy;  some  are  brazen  and  vulgar,  and 
often  the  finest  dressed  are  the  vulgarest  ;  at 
least,  I  think  so ;  anil  of  those  that  come  to 
oyster  stills,  I'm  sure  it's  the  case.  Some  are 
shy  to  such  as  me,  who  may,  perhaps,  call  their 
own  mothers  to  their  minds,  though  it  aint 
many  of  them  that  is  so.  One  of  them  always 
says  that,  she  must  keep  at  least  a  penny  for  gin 
after  her  oysters.  One  young  woman  ran  away 
from  my  stall  once  after  swallowing  one  oyster 
out  of  six  that  she'd  paid  for.  I  don't  know 
why.  Ah !  there's  many  things  a  person  like, 
-  that  one  may  say,  '  1  don't  know  why  ' 
to;  that  there  is.  My  heartiest  customers,  tli  t 
I  serve  with  the  most  pleasure,  arc  working 
people,  on  a  Saturday  night.  One  couple  I 
think  the  wife  always  e-oes  to  meet  her  husband 
on  a  Satin-day  night — has  two,  or  three,  or  four 

I  penn'orth,  as  happens,  and  it's  pleasant  to 
hear  them  siv,  'Won't  you  have  another, 
John  ? '  or,  '  Do  have  one  or  two  more,  Mary 

1  Anne.'      I've   served   them  that    way   two  or  three 

'lii.y've    DO    children,     I'm    prettv    sure, 

tor     it'    I    siv,     'Take    a    few     home   to  the    little 

•osses    her   head,    and    says,    half 

and    half    laughing,    '  Xuc/i     nonsense.'      I 

send  !      many      oysters,     opened,     for 

people's      siip]M-rs.      and      sometimes      for      supper 

parties — at    least,    I    supjmse   so.    for    there's   five 

often    onleied.        The    maid- 
lliem  then,  and  I  give  them  two  or   three 
for    theiu-elves,    and    say,    jokingly-like.    '!('>   n» 

';!  have 
'•.  |    ni-'st  Iv    answer 

'I'ol.'t       He      | 

poor  IK.  -Id  you.     A  peir.iy 


78 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


buys  a  loaf,  yju  see,  or  a  ha'porth  of  bread  and 
a  ha'porth  of  cheese,  or  a  half-pint  of  beer,  with 
a  farthing  out.  My  customers  are  mostly  work- 
ing people  and  tradespeople.  Ah !  sir,  I  wish 
the  parson  of  the  parish,  or  any  parson,  sat  with 
me  a  fortnight;  he'd  see  what  life  is  then. 
'  It's  different,'  a  learned  man  used  to  say  to 
me — that's  long  ago — '  from  what's  noticed  from 
the  pew  or  the  pulpit.'  I've  missed  the  gentle- 
man as  used  to  say  that,  now  many  years — I 
don't  know  how  many.  I  never  knew  his  name. 
lie  was  drunk  now  and  then,  and  used  to  tell 
me  he  was  an  author.  I  felt  for  him.  A  dozen 
oysters  wasn't  much  for  him.  We  see  a  deal  of 
the  world,  sir — yes,  a  deal.  Some,  mostly  work- 
ing people,  take  quantities  of  pepper  with  their 
oysters  in  cold  weather,  and  say  it's  to  warm 
them,  and  no  doubt  it  dees ;  but  frosty  weather 
is  very  bad  oyster  weather.  The  oysters  gape  and 
die,  and  then  they  are  not  so  much  a»  manure. 
They  are  very  fine  this  year.  I  clear  Is.  a  day, 
I  think,  during  the  season  -  at  least  Is.,  taking 
the  fine  with  the  wet  days,  and  the  week  days 
with  the  Sundays,  though  I'm  not  out  then; 
but,  you  see,  I'm  known  about  here." 

The  number  of  oysters  sold  by  the  coster- 
mongers  amounts  to  124,000,000  a  year.  These, 
at  four  a  penny,  would  realise  the  large  sum  of 
1 29,6501.  We  may  therefore  safely  assume  that 
125.000/.  is  spent  yearly  in  oysters  in  the  streets 
of  London. 

OF  PERIWINKLE  SELLING  IN  THE  STREETS. 

THERE  are  some  street  people  who,  nearly  all 
the  year  through,  sell  nothing  but  pe/.winkles, 
and  go  regular  rounds,  where  they  are  well 
known.  The  "wink"  men,  as  these  periwinkle 
sellers  are  called,  generally  live  in  the  lowest 
parts,  and  many  in  lodging-houses.  They  are 
forced  to  live  in  low  localities,  they  say,  because 
of  the  smell  of  the  fish,  which  is  objected  to. 
The  city  district  is  ordinarily  the  best  for  winkle- 
sellers,  for  there  are  not  so  many  cheap  shops 
there  as  in  other  parts.  The  summer  is  the  best 
season,  and  the  sellers  then  make,  upon  the 
average,  12s.  a  week  clear  profit ;  in  the  whiter, 
they  get  upon  the  average,  5s.  a  week  clear,  by 
selling  mussels  and  whelks— for,  as  winkles  last 
only  from  March  till  October,  they  are  then 
obliged  to  do  what  they  can  in  the  whelk  and 
mussel  way.  "  I  buy  my  winks,"  said  one,  "  at 
Billingsgate,  at  3s.  and  4s.  the  wash.  A  wash 
is  about  a  bushel.  There's  some  at  2s.,  and 
some  sometimes  as  low  as  Is.  the  wash,  but  they 
wouldn't  do  for  me,  as  I  serve  very  respectable 
people.  If  we  choose  we  can  boil  our  winkles 
at  Billingsgate  by  paying  4d.  a  week  for  boiling, 
and  \d.  for  salt,  to  salt  them  after  they  are  boiled. 
Tradesmen's  families  buy  them  for  a  relish  to 
their  tea.  It's  reckoned  a  nice  present  from  a 
young  man  to  his  sweetheart,  is  winks.  Servant 
girls  are  pretty  good  customers,  and  want  them 
cheaper  when  they  say  it's  for  themselves  ;  but 
1  have  only  one  price." 

One  man  told  me  he  could  make  as  much  as 
1Z».  a  week — sometimes  more  and  sometimes  less. 


He  made  no  speeches,  but  sung — "  Winketty- 
winketty- wink- wink- wink  —  wink-wink  —  wick- 
etty-wicketty-wink— fine  fresh  winketty-wiiikt 
wink  wink."  He  was  often  so  sore  in  the  stomach 
and  hoarse  with  hallooing  that  he  could  hardly 
speak.  He  had  no  child,  only  himself  and 
wife  to  keep  out  of  his  earnings.  His  room 
was  2s.  a  week  rent  He  managed  to  get  a  bit 
of  meat  every  day,  he  said,  "  somehow  or 
'nother." 

Another,  more  communicative  and  far  more 
intelligent  man,  said  to  me  concerning  t he- 
character  of  his  customers  :  "  They're  people 
I  think  that  like  to  daddle"  (dawdle.  I  presume) 
"  over  their  teas  or  such  like  ;  or  when  a  young 
woman's  young  man  takes  tea  with  her  mother 
and  her,  then  they've  winks;  and  then  there's 
joking,  and  helping  to  pick  winks,  between 
Thomas  and  Betsy,  while  the  mother's  busy 
with  her  tea,  or  is  wiping  her  specs,  'cause  she 
can't  see.  Why,  sir,  I've  known  it!  1  was 
a  Thomas  that  way  myself  when  I  was  a 
tradesman.  I  was  a  patten-maker  once,  but 
pattens  is  no  go  now,  and  hasn't  been  for  fifteen 
year  or  more.  Old  people,  I  think,  that  lives 
by  themselves,  and  has  perhaps  an  annuity  or 
the  like  of  that,  and  nothing  to  do  pertickler, 
loves  winks,  for  they  likes  a  pleasant  way  of 
making  time  long  over  a  meal.  They're  the 
people  as  reads  a  newspaper,  when  it's  a  week 
old,  all  through.  The  other  buyers,  I  think,  are 
tradespeople  or  working-people  what  wants  a 
relish.  But  winks  is  a  bad  trade  now,  and  so 
is  many  that  depends  on  relishes." 

One  man  who  "  works  "  the  New  Cut,  has 
the  "best  wink  business  of  all."  H( 
only  a  little  dry  fish  with  his  winks,  never  wet 
fish,  and  has  "  got  his  name  up,"  for  the 
superiority  of  that  shell-fish  —  a  superiority 
which  he  is  careful  to  ensure.  He  p;r 
a  week  for  a  stand  by  a  grocer's  window.  On 
an  ordinary  afternoon  he  sells  from  7s.  to  1  Os. 
worth  of  periwinkles.  On  a  Monday  after- 
noon he  often  takes  20s. ;  and  on  the  Sunday 
afternoon  31.  and  47.  He  has  two  coster  lads 
to  help  him,  and  sometimes  on  a  Sunday  from 
twenty  to  thirty  customers  about  him.  He 
wraps  each  parcel  sold  in  a  neat  brown  paper 
bag,  which,  I  am  assured,  is  of  itself,  an  in- 
ducement to  buy  of  him.  The  "unfortunate" 
women  who  live  in  the  streets  contiguous  to  the 
Waterloo,  Blackfriars,  and  Borough-roads,  are 
among  his  best  customers,  on  Sundays  espe- 
cially. He  is  rather  a  public  character,  getting 
up  dances  and  the  like.  "  He  aint  bothered — 
not  he — with  ha'p'orths  or  penn'orths  of  a  Sun- 
day," said  a  person  who  had  assisted  him.  "It's 
the  top  of  the  tree  with  his  customers;  3d.  01 
6d.  at  a  go."  The  receipts  are  one-half  profit. 
I  heard  from  several  that  he  was  "  the  best  man 
for  winks  a-going." 

The  quantity  of  periwinkles  disposed  of  by  the 
London  street-sellers  is  3,600,000  pints,  which, 
at  Id.  per  pint,  gives  the  large  sum  of  15,000/. 
expended  annually  in  this  street  luxury.  It 
should  be  remembered,  that  a  very  large  con- 


LOMWX  LABOUR  AND   THE  LOMJU\  1>OOR. 


79 


sumption  of  periwinkles  takes  place  in  public- 
houses  and  suburban  tea-gardens. 

OF  "DRY"  FISH  SELLING  IN  THE  STREETS. 
THE  dealing  in  "dry"  or  salt  fish  is  never 
carried  on  as  a  totally  distinct  trade  in  the  streets, 
but  some  make  it  a  principal  part  of  their  busi- 
ness ;  and  many  wet  fish- dealers  whose  "  wet 
fish"  is  disposed  of  by  noon,  sell  dry  fish  in  the 
afternoon.  The  dry  fish,  proper,  consists  of  dried 
mackerel,  salt  cod — dried  or  barrelled — smoked 
or  dried  haddocks  (often  called  "  finnie  baddies' ' ), 
dried  or  pickled  salmon  (but  salmon  is  only  salted 
or  pickled  for  the  streets  when  it  can  be  sold 
cheap),  and  salt  herrings. 

A  keen-looking,  tidily-dressed  man,  who  was 
at  one  time  a  dry  fish- seller  principally,  gave 
me  the  following  account.  For  the  last  two 
months  he  has  confined  himself  to  another 
branch  of  the  business,  and  seemed  to  feel  a 
sort  of  pleasure  in  telling  of  the  "dodges"  he 
once  resorted  to : 

"  There's  Scotch  baddies  that  never  knew  any- 
thing about  Scotland,"  he  said,  "  for  I've  made 
lots  of  them  myself  by  Tower-street,  just  a 
jump  or  two  from  the  Lambeth  station-house. 
I  used  to  make  them  on  Sundays.  I  was  a  wet 
fish-seller  then,  and  when  I  couldn't  get  through 
my  haddocks  or  my  whitings  of  a  Saturday  night, 
I  wasn't  a-going  to  give  them  away  to  folks 
that  wouldn't  take  the  trouble  to  lift  me  out  of 
a  gutter  if  I  fell  there,  so  I  presarved  them. 
I've  made  haddies  of  whitings,  and  good  ones 
too,  and  Joe  made  them  of  codlings  besides. 
I  had  a  bit  of  a  back-yard  to  two  rooms,  one 
over  the  other,  that  I  had  then,  and  on  a 
Sunday  I  set  some  wet  wood  a  fire,  and  put  it 
under  a  great  tub.  My  children  used  to  gut 
and  wash  the  fish,  and  I  hung  them  on  hooks 
all  round  the  sides  of  the  tub,  and  made  a 
bit  of  a  chimney  in  a  corner  of  the  top  of  the 
tub,  and  that  way  I  gave  them  a  jolly  good 
smoking.  My  wife  had  a  dry  fish-stall  and 
•old  them,  and  used  to  sing  out  '  Real  Scotch 
baddies,'  and  tell  people  how  they  was  from 
Aberdeen;  I've  often  been  fit  to  laugh,  she 
did  it  so  clever.  I  had  a  way  of  giving  them  a 
yellow  colour  like  the  real  Scotch,  but  that's  a 
secret  y  was  well  smoked  th 

hung  up  to  dry  all  round  the  rooms  we  lived  in, 
and  we  often  had  stunning  fires  that  answered 
as  well  to  boil  crabs  and  lobsters  when  they  was 
cheap  enough  for  the  streets.  I've  boiled  a 
mate's  crabs  and  lobsters  for  '1\<I. ;  it  was  two 
boilings  and  more,  and  2|rf.  was  reckoned  tin 
price  of  half  a  quarter  of  a  hundred  of  coals  and 
the  me  of  the  pan.  'I  here's  more  wa\ 
one  of  making  6rf.,  if  a  man  ha*  eyes  in  his 
bead  and  keeps  them  open.  Haddocks  that 

sold— at  least  she  has" 

(indicating  his  wife  by  a  motion  of  his  thumb) — 
"at  111.,  and  3</.,  and  4rf.     I've  bought 
•Often  that   was  OTer  on  a  Saturday   night,  to 
•nake    Scotch    baddies    of    them.       I 
experience"   (experiment*)   "too.     Ivy,    burnt 


under  them,  gave  them,  I  thought,  a  nice 
sort  of  flavour,  rather  peppery,  for  I  used 
always  to  taste  them ;  but  I  hate  living 
on  fish.  Ivy  with  brown  berries  on  it,  as 
it  has  about  this  time  o'  year,  I  liked  best. 
Holly  wasn't  no  good.  A  black-currant  bush 
was,  but  it's  too  dear  ;  and  indeed  it  couldn't 
be  had.  I  mostly  spread  wetted  fire-wood,  as 
green  as  could  be  got,  or  damp  sticks  of  any 
kind,  over  shavings,  and  kept  feeding  the  fire. 
Sometimes  I  burnt  sawdust  Somehow,  the 
dry  fish  trade  fell  off.  People  does  get  so  pry- 
ing and  so  knowing,  there's  no  doing  nothing 
now  for  no  time,  so  I  dropped  the  dry  fish  trade. 
There's  few  up  to  smoking  them  proper ;  tLey 
smoke  'em  black,  as  if  they  was  hung  up  in  a 
chimbley." 

Another  costermonger  gave  me  the  following 
account : 

"  I've  salted  herrings,  but  the  commonest  way 
of  salting  is  by  the  Jews  about  Whitechapel. 
They  make  real  Yarmouth  bloaters  and  all  sorts 
of  fish.  When  I  salted  herrings,  I  bought  them 
out  of  the  boats  at  Billingsgate  by  the  hundred, 
which  is  120  fish.  We  give  them  a  bit  of  a  clean 
—  hardly  anything — then  chuck  them  into  a  tub 
of  salt,  and  keep  scattering  salt  over  them,  and 
let  them  lie  a  few  minutes,  or  sometimes  half  an 
hour,  and  then  hang  them  up  to  dry.  They 
eat  well  enough,  if  they're  eaten  in  time,  for 
they  won't  keep.  I've  known  three  day's  old 
herrings  salted,  just  because  there  was  no  sale 
for  them.  One  Jew  sends  out  six  boys  crying 
'  real  Yarmouth  bloaters.'  People  buy  them 
in  preference,  they  look  so  nice  and  clean 
and  fresh- coloured.  It's  quite  a  new  trade 
among  the  Jews.  They  didn't  do  much  that 
way  until  two  years  back.  I  sometimes  wish 
I  was  a  Jew,  because  they  help  one  another, 
and  start  one  another  with  money,  and  so  they 
thrive  where  Christians  are  ruined.  I  smoked 
mackerel,  too,  by  thousands  ;  that's  a  new  trade, 
and  is  done  the  same  way  as  haddocks.  Mackerel 
that  won't  bring  Id.  a  piece  fresh,  bring  2rf. 
smoked ;  they  are  very  nice  indeed.  I  make 
about  10*.  or  11s.  a  week  by  dry  fish  in  the 
whiter  months,  and  about  as  much  by  wet, — 
but  I  have  a  tidy  connection.  Perhaps  I  make 
17*.  or  18s.  a  week  all  the  year  round." 

Ti  e  aggregate  quantity  of  dry  fish  sold  by 
the  London  costermon^ers  throughout  the  year 
is  as  follows— the  results  being  deduced  from 
the  table  before  given  : 

\\  ( t  salt  cod  .         .         .         .  93,750 

Dry       do.  .         .  1,000,000 

Smoked  Haddocks  4,875.000 

Bloaters      .          .  36,750,000 

Red- herrings          .         .         .     25,000,000 

GROSS  VALUE   or   THE    SEVERAL  KINDS  OP 

'  ALLY  SOLD  IN  THE  STREETS  OP 

Lorn 

IT  now  but  remains  for  me,  in  order  to  complete 
this  account  of  the  "street-sellers  of  fish."  to 
form  an  estimate  of  the  amount  of  money  annu- 
ally expended  by  the  l.-.l-.-mTs  and  the 


80 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


classes  of  London  upon  the  different  kinds  of 
wet,  dry,  and  shell-fish.  This,  according  to  the 
best  authorities,  is  as  follows : 

Wet  Fish.  £ 

175,000  Ibs.  of  salmon,  at  6d.  per  Ib.     4,000 

1 ,000,0001bs.  of  live  cod,  at  1  \d.  per  Ib.     5,000 

3,250,000  pairs  of  soles,  at  1  \d.  per  pair  20,000 

4,400,000  whiting,  at  \d.  each  .     .     .     9,000 

29,400,000  plaice,  at  \d 90,000 

15,700,000  mackarel,  at  6  for  Is.     .      130,000 

875,000,000  herrings,  at  16  a  groat  .      900,000 

3,000,000  Ibs.  of  sprats,  at  Id.  per  Ib.     12,000 

400,000  Ibs.  of  eels,  at  3  Ib.  for  Is.  .     6,000 

260,000  flounders,  at  Id.  per  dozen.        100 

270,000  dabs,  at  Id.  per  dozen    .     .        100 

Sum  total  expended  yearly  in  wet  fish  1,177, 000 

Dry  Fish. 

525,000  Ibs.  barrelled  cod,  at  IJrf.  .  3,000 

500,000  Ibs.  dried  salt  cod,  at  2d.  .  4,000 

4,875,000  smoked  haddock,  at  Id.  .  20,000 

36,750,000  bloaters,  at  2  for  Id. .     .  .  75,000 

25,000,000  red  herrings,  at  4  for  Id.  .  25,000 


Sum  total  expended  yearly  in  dry  fish    127,000 

Shell  Fish. 

124,000,000  oysters,  at  4  a  penny      .      125,000 

60,000  lobsters,  at  3d.      ....  750 

50,000  crabs,  at  Id 400 

770,000  pints  of  shrimps,  at  Id.       .  6,000 

1,000,000  quarts  of  mussels,  at  Id.     .  4,000 

7-10,000  quarts  of  cockles,  at  Id.      .  3,000 

4,950,000  whelks,  at  8  for  Id.   .     .     .  2,500 

5,600,000  pints  of  periwinkles,  at  Id.  15,000 

nim  total  expended  yearly  in  shell-fish    156,650 

Adding  together  the  above  totals,  we  have 
the  following  result  as  to  the  gross  money 
value  of  the  fish  purchased  yearly  in  the  Lon- 
don streets  : 

£ 
1,177,200 


Wet  fish 
Dry  fish 

Shell  fish 


Total 


127,000 
156,650 

£1,460,850 


Hence  we  find  that  there  is  nearly  a  million 
and  a  half  of  money  annually  spent  by  the 
poorer  classes  of  the  metropolis  in  fish ;  a  sum 
so  prodigious  as  almost  to  discredit  every  state- 
ment of  want,  even  if  the  amount  said  to  be  so 
expended  be  believed.  The  returns  from  which 
the  aboVfe  account  is  made  out  have  been  ob- 
tained, however,  from  such  unquestionable  sources 
— not  from  one  salesman  alone,  but  checked  and 
corrected  by  many  gentlemen  who  can  have  no 
conceivable  motive  for  exaggeration  either  one 
way  or  the  other — that,  sceptical  as  our  utter 
ignorance  of  the  subject  must  necessarily  make 


us,  still  if  we  will  but  examine  for  ourselves,  we 
shall  find  there  is  no  gainsaying  the  facts. 

Moreover  as  to  the  enormity  of  the  amount  | 
dispelling  all  ideas  of  privation  among  the  in- 
dustrious portion  of  the  community,  we  shall 
also  find  on  examination  that  assuming  the 
working-men  of  the  metropolis  to  be  500,000  in 
number  (the  Occupation  Abstract  of  1841,  gives 
773,560  individuals  following  some  employment 
in  London,  but  these  include  merchants,  em- 
ployers, shopkeepers,  Government-officers  and 
others),  and  that  they,  with  their  wives  and  chil- 
dren, make  up  one  million  individuals,  it  follov  . 
that  the  sum  per  head,  expended  in  fish  by  the 
poorer  classes  every  week,  is  a  fraction  more  than 
6|rf.,  or,  in  other  words  not  quite  one  penny  a 
day. 

If  the  diet  of  a  people  be  a  criterion,  as  has 
been  asserted,  of  their  character,  it  may  be  feared 
that  the  present  extensive  fish- diet  of  the  work- 
ing-people of  London,  is  as  indicative  of  dege- 
neracy of  character,  as  Cobbett  insisted  must 
result  from  the  consumption  of  tea,  and  "  the 
cursed  root,"  the  potato.  "The  flesh  offish," 
says  Pereira  on  Diet,  "  is  less  satisfying  than  the 
flesh  of  either  quadrupeds  or  birds.  As  it  con- 
tains a  larger  proportion  of  water  (about  80  per 
cent.),  it  is  obviously  less  nourishing."  Haller 
tells  us  he  found  himself  weakened  by  a  fish- 
diet  ;  and  he  states  that  Roman  Catholics  are 
generally  debilitated  during  Lent  Pechlin  also 
affirms  that  a  mechanic,  nourished  merely  by 
fish,  has  less  muscular  power  than  one  who  livc-s 
on  the  flesh  of  warm-blooded  animals.  .Jockeys. 
who  waste  tlicinxch-es  in  order  to  reduce  their 
weight,  live  principally  on  fish. 

The  classes  of  fish  above  given,  are,  when 
considered  in  a  "  dietetical  point  of  view,"  of 
two  distinct  kinds ;  viz.,  those  which  form  the 
staple  commodity  of  the  dinners  and  sup; 
the  poor,  and  those  which  are  mere  relishes  or 
stimuli  to  failing,  rather  than  stays  to,  eager 
appetites.  Under  the  former  head,  I  include 
| red- herrings,  bloaters,  and  smoked  haddocks  ; 
such  things  are  not  merely  provocatives  to  eat, 
among  the  poor,  as  they  are  at  the  breakfast- 
table  of  many  an  over-fed  or  intemperate  man. 
With  the  less  affluent  these  salted  fish  are  not  a 
"  relish,"  but  a  meal. 

The  shell-fish,  however,  can  only  be  consi 
dered  as  luxuries.  The  150,000/.  "thus  annu- 
ally expended  in  the  streets,  represents  the  sum 
laid  out  in  mere  relishes  or  stimuli  to  sluggish 
appetites.  A  very  large  proportion  of  this  amount, 
I  am  inclined  to  believe,  is  spent  by  persons 
whose  stomachs  have  been  disordered  by  crink. 
A  considerable  part  of  the  trade  in  the  m  nor 
articles,  as  winks,  shrimps,  &c.,  is  carried  01.  in 
public-houses,  while  a  favourite  pitch  for  an 
oyster-stall  is  outside  a  tavern-door.  If,  then, 
so  large  an  amount  is  laid  out  in  an  endeavoai 
to  restore  the  appetite  after  drinking,  how  much 
money  must  be  squandered  in  destroying  it  bj 
the  same  means? 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


81 


I  Hi:  0081  BB  i;»Y  AND  GIBL  TOSSING  THE  I'IKMAN 
tfo.  6.  [18- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


89 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  FRUIT  AND  VEGETABLES. 


()P  THE  KINDS  AND  QUANTITY  OF  FRUIT 
AND  VEGETABLES  SOLD  IN  THE  STREETS. 

THERE  are  two  kinds  of  fruit  sold  in  the  streets 
— "green  fruit"  and  "dry  fruit." 

In  commerce,  all  fruit  which  is  edihle  as  it  is 
taken  from  the  tree  or  the  ground,  is  known 
as  "  green."  A  subdivision  of  this  green  fruit 
is  into  "fresh"  or  "tender"  fruit,  which  in- 
cludes currants,  gooseberries,  strawberries,  and, 
indeed,  all  fruits  that  demand  immediate  con- 
sumption, in  contradistinction  to  such  produc- 
tions as  nuts  which  may  be  kept  without  injury 
for  a  season.  All  fruit  which  is  "  cured"  is 
known  as  "  dry"  fruit.  In  summer  the  costers 
vend  "  green  fruit,"  and  in  the  winter  months,  or 
in  the  early  spring,  when  the  dearness  or  insuffi- 
of  the  supply  of  green  fruit  renders  it 
<i  for  their  traffic,  they  resort,  but  not 
extensively,  to  "  dry  fruit"  It  is  principally, 
rer,  when  an  abundant  season,  or  the  im- 
possibility of  keeping  the  dry  fruit  much  longer, 
has  tended  to  reduce  the  price  of  it,  that  the 
costlier  articles  are  to  be  found  on  the  coster- 
monger's  barrow. 

Fruit  is,  for  the  most  part,  displayed  on  bar- 
rows, by  the  street- dealers  in  it.  Some  who 
supply  the  better  sort  of  houses — more  espe- 
cially those  in  the  suburbs — carry  such  things 
as  apples  and  plums,  in  clean  round  wicker- 
baskets,  holding  pecks  or  half-pecks. 

The  commoner  "green"  fruits  of  home  pro- 
duce are  bought  by  the  costermonger  in  the  mar- 
The  foreign  green  fruit,  as  pine-apples, 
melons,  grapes,  chestnuts,  coker-nuts,  Brazil- 
nuts,  hazel-nuts,  and  oranges,  are  purchased  by 
them  at  the  public  sales  of  the  brokers,  and  of 
the  Jews  in  Duke's-place.  The  more  intelligent 
and  thrifty  of  the  costers  buy  at  the  public  sales 
on  the  principle  of  association,  as  I  have  elsewhere 
described.  Some  costermongers  expend  as  much 
as  20/.  at  a  time  in  such  green  fruit,  or  dry  fruit, 
as  is  not  immediately  perishable,  at  a  public  sale, 
or  at  a  fruit-warehouse,  and  supply  the  other 
coster>. 

The  regular  costermongers  seldom  deal  in 
oranges  and  chestnuts.  If  they  sell  walnuts,  they 
reserve  these,  they  say,  for  their  Sunday  after- 
noon's pastime.  The  people  who  carry  oranges, 
chestnuts,  or  walnuts,  or  Spanish  nuts  about  the 
town,  are  not  considered  as  costermongers,  but 
nerally,  though  not  always,  classed,  by 
the  regular  men,  with  the  watercress-women, 
the  sprat-women,  the  winkle-dealers,  and  such 
others,  whom  they  consider  beneath  them.  The 
orange  season  is  called  by  the  cwrtormongcr  the 
"  Irishman's  harvest"  Indeed,  the  street  trade 
in  oranges  and  nuts  is  almost  entirely  in  the 


hands  of  the  Irish  and  their  children ;  and  of 
the  children  of  costermongers.  The  costers 
themselves  would  rather  starve — and  do  starve 
now  and  then  —  than  condescend  to  it  The 
trade  in  coker-nuts  is  carried  on  greatly  by 
the  Jews  on  Sundays,  and  by  young  men 
and  boys  who  are  not  on  other  days  employed 
as  street-sellers. 

The  usual  kinds  of  fruit  the  regular  costers 
deal  in  are  strawberries,  raspberries  (plain  and 
stalked),  cherries,  apricots,  plums,  green-gages, 
currants,  apples,  pears,  damsons,  green  and  ripe 
gooseberries,  and  pine-apples.  They  also  deal 
in  vegetables,  such  as  turnips,  greens,  brocoli, 
carrots,  onions,  celery,  rhubarb,  new  potatoes, 
peas,  beans  ( French  and  scarlet,  broad  and  Wind- 
sor), asparagus,  vegetable  marrow,  seakale,  spi- 
nach, lettuces,  small  salads,  radishes,  etc.  Their 
fruit  and  vegetables  they  usually  buy  at  Covent- 
garden,  Spitalfidds,  or  the  Borough  markets. 
Occasionally  they  buy  some  at  Farringdon,  but 
this  they  reckon  to  be  very  little  better  than  a 
"haggler's  market," — a  "haggler"  being,  as  I 
before  explained,  the  middle-man  who  attends 
in  the  fruit  and  vegetable-markets,  and  buys  o.' 
the  salesman  to  sell  again  to  the  retail  dealer  or 
costermonger. 

Concerning  the  quantity  of  fruit  and  vege- 
tables sold  in  the  streets,  by  the  London  cos- 
termongers. This,  as  I  said,  when  treat- 
ing of  the  street-trade  in  fish,  can  only  be 
arrived  at  by  ascertaining  the  entire  quantity 
sold  wholesale  at  the  London  markets,  and  then 
learning  from  the  best  authorities  the  propor- 
tion retailed  in  the  public  thoroughfares,  Fully 
to  elucidate  this  matter,  both  as  to  the  extent  oi 
the  metropolitan  supply  of  vegetables  and  fruit, 
("foreign"  as  well  as  "home-grown,"  and 
"green"  as  well  as  "dry")  and  the  relative 
quantity  of  each,  vended  through  the  agency  of 
the  costermongers,  I  caused  inquiries  to  be 
instituted  at  all  the  principal  markets  and 
brokers  (for  not  even  the  vaguest  return  on  the 
subject  had,  till  then,  been  prepared),  and 
received  from  all  the  gentlemen  connected 
therewith,  every  assistance  and  information,  as 
I  have  here  great  pleasure  in  acknowledging. 

To  carry  out  my  present  inquiry,  I  need  not 
give  returns  of  the  articles  not  sold  by  the  cos- 
termongers, nor  is  it  necessary  for  me  to  cite 
any  but  those  dealt  in  by  them  generally.  Their 
exceptional  sales,  such  as  of  mushrooms,  cu- 
eumbers,  &c.,  are  not  included  here. 

The  following  Table  shows  the  ordinary 
annual  supply  of  Itoinr  grmni  fruit  (nearly  all 
produced  within  a  radius  of  twelve  miles  fron; 
the  Bank)  to  each  of  the  London  "  green  " 
markets. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


A  TABLE  SHOWING  THE  QUANTITY  OR  MEASURE  OF  THE  UNDERMENTIONED  HOME 
GROWN  FRUITS  AND  VEGETABLES  SOLD  THROUGHOUT  THE  YEAR,  WHOLESALE,  IN 
THE  METROPOLITAN  "GREEN"  MARKETS,  WITH  THE  PROPORTION  SOLD  RETAIL  IN 
THE  STREETS. 


Description  of 
Fruit,  and  VegeUble.. 

Covent  Garden. 

Borough. 

Spilalield.. 

Farrinfrdon. 

Portman. 

Toul 

Pr  (portion  sold  bf 
C  aatcrmoiifrcr*. 

BREEN    FROIT. 

Apples    .... 

360,000  bushels 

25,000 

250,000 

35,000 

16,000 

686,000 

One-half. 

Pears       .        .     . 

230,000       , 

10,000 

83,000 

20,000 

10,000 

353,000 

One-half. 

Cherries      .     .     . 

90,000  doz  Ibs. 

45,000 

15,000 

12,000 

11,200 

173,200 

One-half. 

Plums*  .... 

93,000  bushels 

15,500 

45,000 

3,000 

20,000 

176,500 

One-fifteenth. 

Green  Gages* 

2,000       , 

333 

1,500 

1,000 

500 

5,333 

One-fiftieth. 

Damsons*  .     .    . 

19,800       , 

3,150 

4,500 

9,000 

1,200 

16,450 

One-thirtieth. 

Bullace  .... 

1,800       , 

1,620 

400 

540 

540 

4,900 

One-hah. 

Gooseberries   .     . 

140,000       , 

26,200 

91,500 

12,000 

7,000 

276,700 

Three-fourths. 

Currants  (Red)*  . 

70,000  sieves 

15,000 

75,000 

6,000 

9,000 

171,000 

One-half. 

Ditto        (Black). 

45,000      „ 

12,000 

45,'  00 

6,000 

4,000 

108,000 

One-eighth. 

Ditto       (White). 

3,800      „ 

3,000 

15,000 

3,000 

2,000 

24,000 

One-eighth. 

Strawberries!  .     . 

638,000  pottles 

330,000 

396,000 

15,000 

148,500 

1,527,500 

One-half. 

Raspberries     .     . 

22,500      „ 

3,750 

2,500 

3,500 

3,000 

35,250 

One-twentieth. 

Mulberries      .     . 

17,496      „ 

57,600 

7,064 

17,281 

22,500 

121,940 

One-fourth. 

Haiel  Nuts    .     . 

2,700  bushels 

1,000 

648 

5,400 

270 

9,018 

Two-tfciiSi. 

Filberts  .... 

22  1,400  Ibs. 

72,000 

43,200 

144,000 

37,800 

518,400 

One-thirtieto. 

VEGETABLES. 

Potatoes      .    .     . 

161,280,000  Ibs.  ,48,384,000 

f>4,512,000 

24.1C2.000 

12,096,000 

310,464,008 

One-fifteenth. 

Cabbages*  .    .     . 

33,600,000  plants 

19,200,000 

12,000,000 

8,400,000 

16,472,000 

89,672,000 

One-third. 

Brocoli  and  Cauli- 
flowers     .     .     . 

}  1,800,000  heads 

3,780,000 

2,880,000 

5,320,000 

546,000 

14,326,000 

One-twentieth. 

Turnips      .     .    . 

18.800,000  roots 

4,800,000 

4,800,000 

3,500,000 

748,000 

32,648,000 

One-tenth. 

Turnip  Tops  .     . 

300,000  junks, 

500,000 

600,000 

250,000 

200,-'00 

1,850,000 

One-third. 

Carrots   .... 

12,000,000  roots 

1,571,000 

2,400,000 

1,500,000 

546,000 

16,817,000 

One-thirtieth. 

270,000  bushels 

50,"00 

100,000 

14,000 

4,000 

438,000 

One-half. 

Beans     .... 

100,000       ,, 

20,000 

10,000 

2,400 

1,000 

133,400 

One-fifteenth. 

French  Beans 

140,000       „ 

9,600 

12.000 

50,000 

9,600 

221,100 

One-tenth. 

Vegetal).  Marrows 

10,800  doien 

3,240 

3,600 

432 

1,800 

19,872 

One-third. 

Asparagus  .     .     . 

12,000  dz.  bun. 

3,600 

1,080 

1,440 

1,440 

19,560 

One-fortieth. 

Celery     .... 

15,000        „ 

4,800 

6,000 

3,000 

6,(>00 

34,800 

One-eighth. 

Rhubarb     .     .     . 

7,200        ,, 

48,000 

2*,800 

2,400 

4,800 

91,200 

One-tenth. 

Lettuces     .     .    . 

734,400  plants 

1,080,000 

2,073,600 

129,600 

475,200 

4,492,800 

One-eighth. 

Radishes    .     .     . 

6,912  dz.hands 

43,200 

36,000 

18,000 

28,800 

132,912  .One-tenth. 

Onions   .... 
Ditto    (Spring)  . 

500,000  bushels 
36,000  dz.  bun. 

398,000 
10,800 

400,000 
21,600 

9,600 
21,600 

182.000 
14,400 

1,489,600   One-third. 
94,000  lOne-fourth. 

Cucumbers      .     . 

2,160  bushels 

10,800 

24,000 

12,000 

38,400 

87,360 

One-eighth. 

Herbs     .    .     .    . 

7,200  dz.  bun. 

9,600 

9.400 

7,800 

3,900 

32,900 

One-tenth. 

*  The  above  fruits  are  not  all  home  grown.  The  currants,  I  am  informed,  are  one-fifteenth  foreign.  The 
foreign  "  tender  "  fruit  being  sent  to  the  markets,  it  is  impossible  to  obtain  separate  returns. 

t  A  common  sale  of  strawberries  in  the  markets  is  "  rounds."  I  have,  however,  given  the  quantity  thus 
sold  less  technically,  and  in  the  measures  most  familiar  to  the  general  public. 

J  The  cabbages,  turnips,  &c.  are  brought  in  loads  to  the  great  wholesale  markets,  a  load  varying  from  150 
to  200  dozen,  but  being  more  frequently  nearer  200,  and  not  unfrequently  to  fully  that  amount.  Not  to  perplex 
my  reader  with  too  great  a  multiciplicity  of  figures  in  a  tabular  arrangement,  I  have  given  the  quantity  of 
individual  articles  in  a  load,  without  specifying  it.  In  the  smaller  market  (for  vegetables)  of  Portman,  the 
cabbages,  &c.,  are  not  conveyed  in  waggons,  as  to  the  other  markets,  but  in  carts  containing  generally  sixty 
dozens. 


The  various  proportions  of  the  several  kinds 
of  fruit  and  vegetables  sold  by  the  costermcngers 
are  here  calculated  for  all  the  markets,  from 
returns  which  have  been  obtained  from  each 
market  separately.  To  avoid  unnecessary  detail, 
however,  these  several  items  are  lumped  toge- 
ther, and  the  aggregate  proportion  above  given. 


The  foregoing  Table,  however,  relates  chiefly 
to  "home  grown"  supplies.  Concerning  the 
quantity  of  foreign  fruit  and  vegetables  im- 
ported into  this  country,  the  proportion  con- 
sumed in  London,  and  the  relative  amount  sold 
by  the  costers,  I  have  obtained  the  following 
returns :  — 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


TABLE,  SHOWING  THE  QUANTITY  OR  MEASURE 
OF  THE  UNDERMENTIONED  FOREIGN  GREEN 
FRUITS  AND  VEGETABLES  SOLD  WHOLESALE 
THROUGHOUT  THE  YEAR  IN  LONDON,  WITH 
THE  PROPORTION  SOLD  RETAIL  IN  THE 
STREETS. 


Description. 

Quantity  sold 
wholesale  in 
London. 

Proportion  sold 
retail  in  the 
the  streets. 

FRUIT. 

Apples     .     .     . 

39,561  bush. 

seven-eighths. 

Pears        .     .     . 

19,742      „ 

seven-eighths. 

Cherries       .     . 

_  10  Ibs. 

two-thirds. 

Grapes     .     .     . 

1,328,190   „ 

one-  fiftieth. 

Pine-apples 

200,000  fruit 

one-tenth. 

Oranges  .     .     . 

61.635,146  „ 

one-fourth. 

Lemons   .     .     . 

15,408,789  „ 

one-  hundredth. 

Spanish 
Barcelona  ,,     j 

72,509  bush. 

one-  third. 

Brazil 

11,700      „ 

one-fourth. 

Chestnuts     .     . 

26,250      „ 

one-fourth. 

Walnuts  .     .     . 

36,088      „ 

two-Chirds. 

"Coker"-nuts  . 

1,255,000  nuts 

one-third. 

VEGLTABLES. 

Potatoes  .     .     . 

79,654,4001bs. 

one  -halt 

.  then,  we  have  the  entire  metropolitan 
supply  of  the  principal  vegetables  and  green 
fruit  (both  home  grown  and  foreign),  as  well  as 
the  relative  quantity  "distributed"  throughout 
London  by  the  costermongei  s ;  it  now  but 
remains  for  me,  in  order  to  complete  the  ac- 
count, to  do  the  same  for  "  the  dry  fruit" 

TABLE,  SHOWING  THE  QUANTITY  OF  "DRY" 
IT     SOLD     WHOLESALE     IN     LONDON 
THROUGHOUT  THE  YEAR,  WITH  THE  PRO- 
PORTION SOLD  RETAIL  IN  THE  STREETS. 


Description. 

Quantity  told 
wholesale 
in  London. 

Proportion  sold  re- 
tail in  the  streets. 

Shell      Al- 
monds   . 
Raisins  .      . 
Currant*    . 
Fig..    .    . 
Prunes  .     . 

12,500  cwt 
135,000    „ 
250,000    „ 
21,700    „ 
15,000    „ 

half  per  cent. 
uuarter  per  cent, 
none, 
one  per  cent 

quarti-r  per  cent. 

IT  AND  VEGETABLE  SEASON  OF 
THE  COSTERMONOERS. 

The   strawberry   season  begins    about   June, 

and   continues   till    about  the   middle  of  July. 

< -ml  of  July  the  costers 

"work"  raspberries.     During  July  cherries  are 
as  well  as  raspberries  ;  but  many  costers 
working  raspberries,  becauv 
quicker  sixpence."     After  the  cherries,  t 
to  work  upon  plums,  which  they  hare  about  the 
:  August    Apples  and  pears  come  in  after 
Ihe  plums  in  the  nmnti.  '  r.  and   the 

apple*  laU  them  all  through   •  till  the 


month  of  May.  The  pears  last  only  till  Christ- 
mas.  Currants  they  work  about  the  latter  end 
of  July,  or  beginning  of  August. 

Concerning  the  costermonger's  vegetable  sea- 
son, it  may  be  said  that  he  "works"  greens 
during  the  winter  months,  up  to  about  March ; 
from  that  time  they  are  getting  "leathery,"  the 
leaves  become  foxy,  I  was  told,  and  they  eat 
tough  when  boiled.  The  costers  generally  do  not 
like  dealing  either  in  greens  or  turnips,  "  they 
are  such  heavy  luggage,"  they  say.  They  would 
sooner  "work"  green  peas  and  new  potatoes. 

The  costermongor,  however,  does  the  best  at 
fruit ;  but  this  he  cannot  work — with  the  ex- 
ception of  apples — for  more  than  four  months 
in  the  year.  They  lose  but  little  from  the  fruit 
spoiling.  "If  it  doesn't  fetch  a  good  price,  it 
must  fetch  a  bad  one,"  they  say;  but  they  are 
never  at  a  great  loss  by  it  They  find  the  "  ladies" 
their  hardest  or  "  scaliest "  customers.  Whatever 
price  they  ask,  they  declare  the  "  ladies ''  will 
try  to  save  the  market  or  "  gin"  penny  out  of 
it,  so  that  they  may  have  "  a  glass  of  something 
short"  before  they  go  home. 

OF  COVENT  GARDEN  MARKET. 

ON  a  Saturday — the  coster's  business  day — it  is 
computed  that  a*  many  as  2,000  donkey-barrows, 
and  upwards  of  3,000  women  with  shallows  and 
head-baskets  visit  this  market  during  the  fore- 
noon. About  six  o'clock  in  the  morning  is  the 
best  time  for  viewing  the  wonderful  restK 
of  the  place,  for  then  not  only  is  the  "  Garden" 
itself  all  bustle  and  activity,  but  the  buyers  and 
sellers  stream  to  and  from  it  in  all  directions, 
filling  every  street  in  the  vicinity.  From  Long 
Acre  to  the  Strand  on  the  one  side,  and  from 
Bow- street  to  Bedford- street  on  the  other,  the 
ground  has  been  seized  upon  by  the  market-goers. 
As  you  glance  down  any  one  of  the  neighbour- 
ing streets,  the  long  rows  of  carts  and  donkey- 
barrows  seem  interminable  in  the  distance. 
They  are  of  all  kinds,  from  the  greengrocer's 
taxed  cart  to  the  coster's  barrow — from  the 
showy  excursion-van  to  the  rude  square  donkey- 
cart  and  bricklayer's  truck.  In  every  street 
they  are  ranged  down  the  middle  and  by  the 
kerb-stones.  Along  each  approach  to  the 
market,  too,  nothing  is  to  be  seen,  on  all  sides, 
but  vegetables ;  the  pavement  is  covered  with 
heaps  of  them  waiting  to  be  carted  ;  the  Hag- 
stones  are  stained  green  with  the  leaves  trodden 
under  foot;  sieves  and  sacks  full  of  apples  and 
potatoes,  and  bundles  of  brocoli  and  rhubarb, 
are  left  unwatched  upon  almost  every  door- 
step;  the  steps  of  Covent  Garden  Theatre  are 

i  with  fruit  and  vegetables  ;  the  road  it 
blocked  up  with  mountains  of  cabbages  and 
turnips;  and  men  and  women  push  past  with 
their  arms  bowed  out  by  the  cauliflowers  umYr 
them,  or  the  red  tips  of  carrots  pointiiu' 
their  eranmicd  aprons,  or  else  their  faces  are  red 
with  the  weight  of  the  loaded  head-basket 

nws.  from   tlu-ir  number  and 
wngularty,  force  you  to  stop  and  m  i  ee  them. 

>.md  of  ingenuity  has  been  exercised  tr 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


construct  harness  for  the  costers'  steeds ;  where 
a  buckle  is  wanting,  tape  or  string  make  the 
fastening  secure ;  traces  are  made  of  rope  and 
old  chain,  and  an  old  sack  or  cotton  handker- 
chief is  folded  up  as  a  saddle-pad.  Some  few 
of  the  barrows  make  a  magnificent  exception, 
and  are  gay  with  bright  brass ;  while  one  of  the 
donkeys  may  be  seen  dressed  in  a  suit  of  old 
plated  carriage-harness,  decorated  with  coronets 
in  all  directions.  At  some  one  of  the  coster  con- 
veyances stands  the  proprietor,  arranging  his 
goods,  the  dozing  animal  starting  up  from  its 
sleep  each  time  a  heavy  basket  is  hoisted  on  the 
tray.  Others,  with  their  green  and  white  and  red 
load  neatly  arranged,  are  ready  for  starting,  but 
the  coster  is  finishing  his  breakfast  at  the  coffee- 
stall.  On  one  barrow  there  may  occasionally  be 
seen  a  solitary  sieve  of  apples,  with  the  horse  of 
some  neighbouring  cart  helping  himself  to  the 
pippins  while  the  owner  is  away.  The  men  that 
take  charge  of  the  trucks,  whilst  the  costers  visit 
the  market,  walk  about,  with  their  arms  full  of 
whips  and  sticks.  At  one  corner  a  donkey  has 
slipped  down,  and  lies  on  the  stones  covered 
with  the  cabbages  and  apples  that  have  fallen 
from  the  cart 

The  market  itself  presents  a  beautiful  scene. 
In  the  clear  morning  air  of  an  autumn  day  the 
whole  of  the  vast  square  is  distinctly  seen  from 
one  end  to  the  other.  The  sky  is  red  and  golden 
with  the  newly-risen  sun,  and  the  rays  falling 
on  the  fresh  and  vivid  colours  of  the  fruit  and 
vegetables,  brightens  up  the  picture  as  with  a 
coat  of  varnish.  There  is  no  shouting,  as  at 
other  markets,  but  a  low  murmuring  hum  is 
heard,  like  the  sound  of  the  sea  at  a  distance, 
and  through  each  entrance  to  the  market  the 
crowd  sweeps  by.  Under  the  dark  Piazza  little 
bright  dots  of  gas-lights  are  seen  burning  in 
the  shops ;  and  in  the  paved  square  the  people 
pass  and  cross  each  other  in  all  directions,  ham- 
pers clash  i  "Aether,  and  excepting  the  carters 
from  the  co  "try,  every  one  is  on  the  move. 
Sometimes  a  'nge  column  of  baskets  is  seen  in 
the  ah-,  and  walks  away  in  a  marvellously  steady 
manner,  or  a  monster  railway  van,  laden  with 
sieves  of  fruit,  and  with  the  driver  perched  up 
on  his  high  seat,  jolts  heavily  over  the  stones. 
Cabbages  are  piled  up  into  stacks  as  it  were. 
Carts  are  heaped  high  with  turnips,  and  bunches 
of  carrots  like  huge  red  fingers,  are  seen  in  all 
directions.  Flower-girls,  with  large  bundles  of 
violets  under  their  arms,  run  past,  leaving  a 
trail  of  perfume  behind  them.  Wagons,  with 
their  shafts  sticking  up  in  the  ah,  are  ranged 
l»efore  the  salesmen's  shops,  the  high  green  load 
railed  in  with  hurdles,  and  every  here  and  there 
bunches  of  turnips  are  seen  flying  in  the  air 
over  the  heads  of  the  people.  Groups  of  apple- 
women,  with  straw  pads  on  their  crushed  bon- 
nets, and  coarse  shawls  crossing  their  bosoms, 
sit  on  their  porter's  knots,  chatting  in  Irish,  and 
smoking  short  pipes  ;  every  passer-by  is  hailed 
with  the  cry  of,  "  Want  a  baskit,  yer  honor  1 " 
The  porter,  trembling  under  the  piled-up 
hamper,  trots  along  the  street,  with  his  teeth 


clenched  and    shirt  wet  with  t.h»   weight    and 
staggering  at  every  step  he  takes. 

Inside,  the  market  all  is  bustle  and  confusion 
The  people  walk  along  with  their  eyes  fixed  on 
the  goods,  and  frowning  with  thought.  Men  ir 
all  costumes,  from  the  coster  in  his  corduroy  suit 
to  the  greengrocer  in  his  blue  apron,  sweep  past, 
A  countryman,  in  an  old  straw  hat  and  dusty 
boots,  occasionally  draws  down  the  anger  of  a 
woman  for  walking  about  with  his  hands  in 
the  pockets  of  his  smock-frock,  and  is  asked, 
"  if  that  is  the  way  to  behave  on  a  market- 
day?"  Even  the  granite  pillars  cannot  stop 
the  crowd,  for  it  separates  and  rushes  past  them, 
like  the  tide  by  a  bridge  pier.  At  every  turn 
there  is  a  fresh  odour  to  sniff  at;  either  the 
bitter  aromatic  perfume  of  the  herbalists'  shops 
breaks  upon  you,  or  the  scent  of  oranges,  then 
of  apples,  and  then  of  onions  is  caught  lor  an 
instant  as  you  move  along.  The  brocoli  tied 
up  in  square  packets,  the  white  heads  tinged 
slightly  red,  as  it  were,  with  the  sunshine, 
— the  sieves  of  crimson  love-apples,  polished 
like  china, — the  bundles  of  white  glossy  leeks, 
their  roots  dangling  like  fringe,  —  the  celery, 
with  its  pinky  stalks  and  bright  green  tops, — 
the  dark  purple  pickling-cabbages, — the  scarlet 
carrots, — the  white  knobs  of  turnips, — the  bright 
yellow  balls  of  oranges,  and  the  rich  brown 
coats  of  the  chesnuts — attract  the  eye  on  every 
side.  Then  there  are  the  apple- merchants,  with 
their  fruit  of  all  colours,  from  the  pale  yellow 
green  to  the  bright  crimson,  and  the  baskets 
ranged  in  rows  on  the  pavement  before  the 
little  shops.  Round  these  the  customers  stand 
examining  the  stock,  then  whispering  together 
over  their  bargain,  and  counting  their  money. 
"  Give  you  tour  shillings  for  this  here  lot, 
master,"  says  a  coster,  speaking  for  his  twte 
companions.  "  Four  and  six  is  my  price," 
answers  the  salesman.  "  Say  four,  and  it's  a 
bargain,"  continues  the  man.  "  I  said  my  price," 
returns  the  dealer;  "go  and  look  round,  and 
see  if  you  can  get  'em  cheaper  ;  if  not,  come  back. 
I  only  wants  what's  fair."  The  men,  taking  the 
salesman's  advice,  move  on.  The  walnut  mer- 
chant, with  the  group  of  women  before  his  shop, 
peeling  the  fruit,  their  fingers  stained  deep  brown, 
is  busy  with  the  Irish  purchasers.  The  onion 
stores,  too,  are  surrounded  by  Hibernians,  feel- 
ing and  pressing  the  gold-coloured  roots,  whose 
dry  skins  crackle  as  they  are  handled.  Cases  of 
lemons  in  their  white  paper  jackets,  and  blue 
grapes,  just  seen  above  the  sawdust  are  ranged 
about,  and  in  some  places  the  ground  is  slip- 
pery as  ice  from  the  refuse  leaves  and  walnut 
husks  scattered  over  the  pavement 

Against  the  railings  of  St  Paul's  Church  are 
hung  baskets  and  slippers  for  sale,  and  near 
the  public-house  is  a  party  of  countrymen  pre- 
paring their  bunches  of  pretty  coloured  grass — 
brown  And  glittering,  as  if  it  had  been  bronzed. 
Between  the  spikes  of  the  railing  aie  piled  up 
square  cakes  of  green  turf  for  larks ,-  and  at  the 
pump,  boys,  who  probably  have  passed  the  pre- 
vious night  in  the  baskets  about  the  maiket,  art 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


87 


washing,  and  the  water  dripping  from  their  hair 
that  hangs  in  points  over  the  face.  The  kerb- 
stone is  blocked  up  by  a  crowd  of  admiring 
lads,  gathered  round  the  bird-catcher's  green 
stand,  and  gazing  at  the  larks  beating  their 
breasts  against  their  cages.  The  owner,  whose 
boots  are  red  with  the  soil  of  the  brick-field, 
shouts,  as  he  looks  carelessly  around,  "  A  cock 
linnet  for  tuppence,"  and  then  hits  at  the  youths 
who  are  poking  through  the  bars  at  the  flutter- 
ing birds. 

Under  the  Piazza  the  costers  purchase  their 
flowers  (in  pots)  which  they  exchange  in  the 
streets  for  old  clothes.  Here  is  ranged  a  small 
garden  of  flower-pots,  the  musk  and  mignonette 
smelling  sweetly,  and  the  scarlet  geraniums, 
with  a  perfect  glow  of  coloured  air  about  the 
flowers,  standing  out  in  rich  contrast  with  the 
dark  green  leaves  of  the  evergreens  behind  them. 
"There's  myrtles,  and  larels,  and  boxes,"  says 
one  of  die  men  selling  them,  "  and  there's  a 
harbora  witus,  and  lauristiners,  and  that  bushy 
shrub  with  pink  spots  is  heath."  Men  and 
women,  selling  different  articles,  walk  about 
under  the  cover  of  the  colonnade.  One  has  seed- 
cake, another  small-tooth  and  other  combs, 
others  old  caps,  or  pig's  feet,  and  one  hawker 
of  knives,  razors,  and  short  hatchets,  may  occa- 
sionally be  seen  driving  a  bargain  with  a  country- 
man, who  stands  passing  his  thumb  over  the 
blade  to  test  its  keenness.  Between  the  pillars 
are  the  coffee-stalls,  with  their  large  tin  cans 
and  piles  of  bread  and  butter,  and  protected 
from  the  wind  by  paper  screens  and  sheets 
thrown  over  clothes-horses;  inside  these  little 
parlours,  as  it  were,  sit  the  coffee-drinkers 
i in  chairs  and  benches,  some  with  a  bunch  of 
cabbages  on  their  laps,  blowing  the  steam  from 
their  saucers,  others,  with  their  mouths  full, 
munching  away  at  their  slices,  as  if  not  a 
moment  could  be  lost  One  or  two  porters  are 
there  besides,  seated  on  their  baskets,  breakfast- 
ing with  their  knots  on  their  heads. 

As  you  walk  away  from  this  1  usy  scene,  you 
meet  in  every  street  barrows  and  costers  hurry- 
ing home.  The  pump  in  tin  market  is  now 
.surrounded  by  a  cluster  of  chattering  wenches 
.ling  over  whose  turn  it  is  to  water  their 
drooping  violets,  and  on  the  steps  of  Covent 
tre  are  seated  the  :•  lux-less  girls, 
•  up  the  halfpenny  and  penny  bundles. 


OF  "GREEN1 


IN    THE 

r.rs. 


fruit  selling  of  the  streets  of  London  is 

in  that  of  \ 

Esh  sellin      inasmuch  jis  fruit  is  lor  th"  'iinrit  x 
the"  otners  are     rinciall 


ry,  and 


There  ia  no  doubt   that  the  consumpt 
H  a  fair  criterion  of  the  c<> 
ng  classes,  but  the  costermongf  r»,  as 
*  body  of  traders,  are  little  obncrv.i 
i»  not  easy  to  derive  ft  "in  them  mi. 
tion  respecting  the  clauses  whn  «> 
-.  OT  M  to  how  their  custom  ; 


by  the  circumstances  of  the  times.  One  man, 
however,  told  me  that  during  the  last  panic  he 
sold  hardly  anything  beyond  mere  necessaries 
Other  street- sellers  to  whom  I  spoke  could  not 
comprehend  what  a  panic  meant. 

The  most  intelligent  costers  whom  I  con- 
versed with  agreed  that  they  now  sold  less 
fruit  than  ever  to  working  people,  but  perhaps 
more  than  ever  to  the  dwellers  in  the  smaller 
houses  in  the  suburbs,  and  to  shopkeepers  who 
were  not  in  a  large  way  of  business.  One  man 
sold  baking  apples,  but  not  above  a  peck  on  an 
average  weekly,  to  women  whom  he  knew  to  be 
the  wives  of  working  men,  for  he  had  heard  them 
say,  "  Dear  me,  I  didn't  think  it  had  been  so  late, 
there's  hardly  time  to  get  the  dumplings  baked 
before  my  husband  leaves  work  for  his  dinner." 
The  course  of  my  inquiries  has  shown  me— and 
many  employers  whom  I  have  conversed  with 
are  of  a  similar  opinion — that  the  well-conducted 
and  skilful  artisan,  who,  in  spite  of  slop  com- 
petition, continues  to  enjoy  a  fair  rate  of  wages, 
usually  makes  a  prudent  choice  of  a  wife,  who 
perhaps  has  been  a  servant  in  a  respectable 
family.  Such  a  wife  is  probably  "  used  to 
cooking,"  and  will  oft  enough  make  a  pie  or 
pudding  to  eke  out  the  cold  meat  of  the  Mon- 
day's dinner,  or  "  for  a  treat  for  the  children." 
With  the  mass  of  the  working  people,  however, 
it  is  otherwise.  The  wife  perhaps  has  been 
reared  to  incessant  toil  with  her  needle,  and 
does  not  know  how  to  make  even  a  dumpling. 
Even  if  she  possess  as  much  knowledge,  she 
may  have  to  labour  as  well  as  her  husband,  and 
if  their  joint  earnings  enable  them  to  have  "  the 
added  pudding,"  there  is  still  the  trouble  of 
making  it ;  and,  after  a  weary  week's  work,  rest 
is  often  a  greater  enjoyment  than  a  gratifica- 
tion of  the  palate.  Thus  something  easily 
prepared,  and  carried  off  to  the  oven,  is  pre- 
ferred. The  slop-workers  of  all  trades  never. 
I  believe,  taste  either  fruit  pie  or  pudding,  un- 
l«ss  a  penny  one  be  bought  at  a  shop  or  in  the 
street ;  and  even  among  mechanics  who  are  used 
to  better  diet,  the  pies  and  puddings,  when  wages 
are  reduced,  or  work  grows  slack,  are  t:,< 
things  that  are  dispensed  with.  "  When  the 
money  doesn't  come  in.  sir."  one  working-man 
said  to  me,  "  we  mustn't  think  of  puddings,  but 
of  breail." 

A    costermonger,    more   observant    than    the 
rest,  told   me   that   then-  ie  classes   to 

w  horn  he  had  rarely  sold  fruit,  and  whom 
seldom  seen  buy  any.  Among  these!; 

.    dustmen,    ni^htmen,    gas- 
pipe- layers,     and     sewer-men,     who      pi". 
tO  Miy  fruit,  "something   In   b-.te  in   the  mouth. 
such   as   a   penn'orth  of  p'n."       My  informani 

1    that    this    ah-', 
eommoii  10   all   ]H-IM>I,S  «-ni;n^<-il   in   Ittoll 

ides  as  fiddle-string  making,  gut-dress- 
ing for  whip-makers  or  sausage- makers,  knack- 
CM,  &c.  He  was  conti  ti  far  as  his 

own  experience  extended.     It  is.  moreover,  less 

1  r ui t  than  in  such  things 


88 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


%s  whelks,  shrimps,  or  winks,  to  say  nothing  of 
gin.  Persons,  whose  stomachs  may  be  one  week 
jaded  to  excess,  and  the  next  be  deprived  of  a 
sufficiency  of  proper  food,  seek  for  stimulants, 
or,  as  they  term  it,  "  relishes." 

The  fruit-sellers,  meaning  thereby  those  who 
deal  principally  in  fruit  in  the  season,  are  the 
more  intelligent  costermongers.  The  calcula- 
tion as  to  what  a  bushel  of  apples,  for  instance, 
will  make  in  half  or  quarter  pecks,  puzzles  the 
more  ignorant,  and  they  buy  "  second-hand,"  or 
of  a  middle-man,  and  consequently  dearer.  The 
Irish  street- sellers  do  not  meddle  much  with 
fruit,  excepting  a  few  of  the  very  best  class 
of  them,  and  they  "  do  well  in  it,"  I  was 
told,  "  they  have  such  tongue." 

The  improvement  in  the  quality  of  the  fruit 
and  vegetables  now  in  our  markets,  and  conse- 
quently in  the  necessaries  and  luxuries  of  the 
poorer  classes,  is  very  great.  Prizes  and  medals 
have  been  deservedly  awarded  to  the  skilled  and 
persevering  gardeners  who  have  increased  the 
size  and  heightened  the  flavour  of  the  pine-apple 
or  the  strawberry — who  have  given  a  thinner 
rind  to  the  peach,  or  a  fuller  gush  of  juice  to 
the  apricot, — or  who  have  enhanced  alike  the 
bloom,  the  weight,  and  the  size  of  the  fruit  of 
the  vine,  whether  as  regards  the  classic  "  bunch," 
or  the  individual  grape.  Still  these  are  benefits 
confined  mainly  to  the  rich.  But  there  is  another 
class  of  growers  who  have  rendered  greater  ser- 
vices and  whose  services  have  been  compara- 
tively unnoticed.  I  allude  to  those  gardeners 
who  have  improved  or  introduced  our  every 
day  vegetables  or  fruit,  such  as  now  form  the 
cheapest  and  most  grateful  and  healthy  enjoy- 
ments of  the  humbler  portion  of  the  community. 
I  may  instance  the  introduction  of  rhubarb, 
which  was  comparatively  unknown  until  Mr. 
Myatt,  now  of  Deptford,  cultivated  it  thirty 
years  ago.  He  then,  for  the  first  time,  carried 
seven  bundles  of  rhubarb  into  the  Borough 
market  Of  these  he  could  sell  only  three, 
and  he  took  four  back  with  him.  Mr.  Myatt 
could  not  recollect  the  price  he  received  for 
the  first  rhubarb  he  ever  sold  in  public,  but  he 
told  me  that  the  stalks  were  only  about  half  the 
substance  of  those  he  now  produces.  People 
laughed  at  him  for  offering  "  physic  pies,"  but 
he  persevered,  and  I  have  shown  what  the  sale 
of  rhubarb  now  is. 

Moreover,  the  importation  of  foreign  "  pines  " 
may  be  cited  as  another  instance  of  the  increased 
luxuries  of  the  poor.  The  trade  in  this  com- 
modity was  unknown  until  the  year  1842.  At 
that  period  Mr.  James  Wood  and  Messrs.  Clay- 
pole  and  Son,  of  Liverpool,  imported  them 
from  the  Bahamas,  a  portion  being  conveyed 
to  Messrs.  Keeling  and  Hunt,  of  London.  Since 
that  period  the  trade  has  gradually  increased 
until,  instead  of  1000  pines  being  sent  to  Liver- 
pool, and  a  portion  of  them  conveyed  to  Lon- 
don, as  at  first,  200,000  pines  are  now  imported 
to  London  alone.  The  fruit  is  brought  over  in 
"  trees,"  stowed  in  numbers  from  ten  to  thirty 
nousand,  in  galleries  constructed  fore  and  aft  in 


the  vessel,  which  is  so  extravagantly  fragrant 
that  it  has  to  be  ventilated  to  abate  the  odour. 
But  for  this  importation,  and  but  for  the  trade 
naving  become  a  part  of  the  costermonger's 
avocation,  hundreds  and  thousands  in  London 
vould  never  have  tasted  a  pine-apple.  The 
quality  of  the  fruit  ban,  I  am  informed,  been 
greatly  improved  since  its  first  introduction; 
the  best  description  of  "pines"  which  Covent- 
garden  can  supply  having  been  sent  out  to  graft, 
to  increase  the  size  and  flavour  of  the  Bahaman 
products,  and  this  chiefly  for  the  regalement  of 
the  palates  of  the  humbler  classes  of  London. 
The  supply  from  the  Bahamas  is  considered  in- 
exhaustible. 

Pine-apples,  when  they  were  first  introduced, 
were  a  rich  harvest  to  the  costermonger.  They 
made  more  money  "working"  these  than  any 
other  article.  The  pines  cost  them  about  4rf. 
each,  one  with  the  other,  good  and  bad  together, 
and  were  sold  by  the  costermonger  at  from  Is. 
to  1*.  6d.  The  public  were  not  aware  then  that 
the  pines  they  sold  were  "  salt- water  touched," 
and  the  people  bought  them  as  fast  as  they 
could  be  sold,  not  only  by  the  whole  one,  but 
at  \d.  a  slice, — for  those  who  could  not  afford 
to  give  \s.  for  the  novelty,  had  a  slice  as  a 
taste  for  Id.  The  costermongers  used  then 
to  have  flags  flying  at  the  head  of  their  bar- 
rows, and  gentlefolk  would  stop  them  in  the 
streets;  indeed,  the  sale  for  pines  was  chiefly 
among  "the  gentry."  The  poorer  people — 
sweeps,  dustmen,  cabmen  —  occasionally  had 
pennyworths,  "just  for  the  fun  of  the  thing;" 
but  gentlepeople,  I  was  told,  used  to  buy  a  whole 
one  to  take  home,  so  that  all  the  family  might 
have  a  taste.  One  costermonger  assured  me 
that  he  had  taken  22*.  a  day  during  the  rage  for 
pines,  when  they  first  came  up. 

I  have  before  stated  that  when  the  season  is 
in  its  height  the  costermonger  prefers  the  vend- 
ing of  fruit  to  the  traffic  in  either  fish  or  vege- 
tables ;  those,  however,  who  have  regular  rounds 
and  "  a  connection,"  must  supply  their  customers 
with  vegetables,  if  not  fish,  as  well  as  fruit,  but 
the  costers  prefer  to  devote  themselves  princi- 
pally to  fruit  I  am  unable,  therefore,  to  draw 
a  comparison  between  what  a  coster  realises  in 
fruit,  and  what  in  fish,  as  the  two  seasons  are 
not  contemporary.  The  fruit  sale  is,  however, 
as  I  have  shown  in  p.  54,  the  costermonger's 
harvest 

All  the  costermongers  with  whom  I  conversed 
represented  that  the  greater  cheapness  and 
abundance  of  fruit  had  been  anything  but  a 
benefit  to  them,  nor  did  the  majority  seem  to 
know  whether  fruit  was  scarcer  or  more  plenti- 
ful one  year  than  another,  unless  in  remarkable 
instances.  Of  the  way  in  which  the  introduction 
of  foreign  fruit  had  influenced  their  trade,  they 
knew  nothing.  If  questioned  on  the  subject,  the 
usual  reply  was,  that  things  got  worse,  and 
people  didn't  buy  so  much  fruit  as  they  did 
half-a-dozen  years  back,  and  so  less  was  sold. 
That  these  men  hold  such  opinions  must  b« 
accounted  for  mainly  by  the  increase  in  theij 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


numbers,  of  which   I  have  before  spoken,  and 
from  their  general  ignorance. 

The  fruit  of  which  there  is  the  readiest  sale 
in  the  streets  is  one  usually  considered  among 
the  least  useful — cherries.  Probably,  the  greater 
eagerness  on  the  pait  of  the  poorer  classes  to 
purchase  this  fruit  arises  from  its  being  the  first 
of  the  fresh  "green"  kind  which  our  gardens 
supply  for  street- sale  after  the  winter  and  the 
early  spring.  An  intelligent  costennonger  sug- 

other  reasons.     "  Poor  people,"  he  said, 

"  like  a  quantity  of  any  fruit,  and  no  fruit  is 

cheaper  than  cherries  at  Id.  a  pound,  at  which  I 

>old  some   hundreds  of  pounds'  weight 

hat  if  a  cherry  could  be  grown 

that  weighed  a  pound,  and  was  of  a  finer  flavour 

than  ever  was  known  before,  poor  people  would 

rather  have  a  number  of  little  ones,  even  if  they 

was  less  weight  and  inferior  quality.    Then  boys 

buy,   I   think,  more  cherries  than  other  fruit; 

tse,  after  they  have  eaten  'em,  they  can 

play  at  cherry-stones.' " 

•n  all  I  can  learn,  the  halfpenny-worth 
of  fruit  purchased  most  eagerly  by  a  poor  man, 
or  by  a  child  to  whom  the  possession  of  a 
halfpenny  is  a  rarity,  is  cherries.  I  asked  a 
man  "with  a  good  connection,"  according  to 
his  own  account,  as  to  who  were  his  customers 
for  cherries.  He  enumerated  ladies  and  gen- 
tlemen ;  working-people ;  wagoners  and  carters 
(who  "  slipped  them  quietly  into  their  pookets," 
he  said) ;  parlour- livers  (so  he  called  the  occu- 
pants of  parlours);  maid- servants ;  and  sol- 
diers. "  Soldiers."  I  was  told,  "  are  very  fond 
of  something  for  a  change  from  their  feed,  which 
is  about  as  regular  as  a  prison's." 

The  currant,  and  the  fruit  of  the  same  useful 

the  gooseberry,  are  sold  largely  by  the 
Mongers.     The  price  of  the  currants  is  Id. 

the  half-pint,  \d.  being  the  more  usual 
charge.  Of  red  currants  there  is  the  greatest 
supply,  but  the  black  "  go  off  better."  The 
humbler  classes  buy  a  half-pint  of  the  latter  for  a 
dumpling,  and  "they're  reckoned,"  said  my  in- 
formant, "  capital  for  a  sore  throat,  either  in  jam 
or  a  pudding."  Gooseberries  are  also  retailed 
by  the  half-pint,  and  are  cheaper  than  currants 
— perhaps  jrf.  the  half-pint  is  the  average 
street-price.  The  working-classes  do  not  use 
ripe  gooseberries,  as  they  do  ripe  currai 

Mil  they  are  sold  in  greater  quanti- 
ty be    said  to  constitute,  wh< 

-oductions  do  afterwards, 

the  working-people's  Sunday  dessert.  "  Only 
you  go  on  board  a  cheap  steam ( -r  to  Greenwich, 
on  a  fine  rynm*r  Sunday,"  observed  a  meet 
m-ller  to  me,  "and  you'll  see  lots  of 

with  gooseberries  in  their  handk< 
.     Servant- maiov  x  very  go< 

for  such  things  as  gooseberr 
always  has  a  penny  to  spare."     The  costers  sell 
green  gooseberries  for   dumpling,  and  some- 
tiroes  to  the  extent  of  ••• 

n  gooseberries  is  generally  $</. 
ripe. 

n  strawberries  dcsct  \d  to  such  ••• 


as  places  them  at  the  costermonger's  command, 
the  whole  fraternity  is  busily  at  work,  and  as 
the  sale  can  easily  be  carried  on  by  women  and 
children,  the  coster's  family  take  part  in  the 
sale,  offering  at  the  corners  of  streets  the  fra- 
grant pottle,  with  the  crimson  fruit  just  showing 
beneath  the  green  leaves  at  the  top.  Of  al] 
cries,  too,  perhaps  that  of  "  hoboys "  is  the 
most  agreeable.  Strawberries,  however,  accord- 
ing to  all  accounts,  are  consumed  least  of  all 
fruits  by  the  poor.  "They  like  something  more 
solid,"  I  was  told,  "  something  to  bite  at,  and 
a  penny  pottle  of  strawberries  is  only  like  a 
taste;  what's  more,  too,  the  really  good  fruit 
never  finds  its  way  into  penny  pottles."  The 
coster's  best  customers  are  dwellers  in  the 
suburbs,  who  purchase  strawberries  on  a  Sun- 
day especially,  for  dessert,  for  they  think  that 
t  «?y  get  them  fresher  in  that  way  than  by 
re*  "ving  them  from  the  Saturday  night,  and 
mail  are  tempted  by  seeing  or  hearing  them 
cried  .  i  the  streets.  There  is  also  a  good  Sun- 
day sale  about  the  steam-wharfs,  to  people 
going  "  on  the  river,"  especially  when  young 
women  and  children  are  members  of  a  party, 
and  likewise  in  the  "  clerk  districts,"  as  Cam- 
den-town  and  Camberwell.  Very  few  pottles, 
comparatively,  are  sold  in  public-houses ;  "  they 
don't  go  well  down  with  the  beer  at  all,"  I  was 
told.  The  city  people  are  good  customers  for 
street  strawberries,  conveying  them  home.  Good 
strawberries  are  Id.  a  pottle  in  the  streets  when 
the  season  is  at  its  height.  Inferior  are  Irf. 
These  are  the  most  frequent  prices.  In  rasp- 
berries the  coster  does  little,  selling  them  only 
to  such  customers  as  use  them  for  the  sake  of 
jam  or  for  pastry.  The  price  is  from  6d.  to 
1*.  6rf.  the  pottle,  9d.  being  the  average. 

The  great  staple  of  the  street  trade  in  green 
fruit  is  apples.  These  are  first  sold  by  the 
travelling  costers,  by  the  measure,  for  pies,  &c., 
and  to  the  classes  I  have  described  as  the 
makers  of  pies.  The  apples,  however,  are  soon 
vended  in  penny  or  halfpenny-worths,  and  then 
they  are  bought  by  the  poor  who  have  a  spare 
penny  for  the  regalement  of  their  children  or 
themselves,  and  they  are  eaten  without  any 
preparation.  Pears  are  sold  to  the  same  classes 
as  are  apples.  The  average  price  of  apples,  as 
sold  by  the  costermonger,  is  4*.  a  bushel,  and 
six  a  penny.  The  sale  in  halfpenny  and  penny- 
worths is  very  great.  Indeed  the  costennongers 
sell  about  half  the  apples  brought  to  the  mar- 
kets, and  I  was  told  that  for  one  pennyworth  of 
apples  bought  in  a  shop  forty  were  bought  in 
tin  street.  Pears  are  9d.  a  bushel,  gen 
dearer  than  apples,  hut,  numerically,  they  run 

I  lie  bushel. 

The  costers  purchase  the  French  apples  at 
the  wharf,  close  to  London-bridge,  on  the 
Southwark  side.  They  give  10*.,  12*.,  18*., 
or  20*.  for  a  case  c<u  ur  bushels. 

They  generally  get  from  1W.  t..  1 
buvln-1  of  English,  but  on   t 

ike  a  clear  profit  of  from  1*.  3rf.  to  2*.  a 
.  and  would  make  more,  hut  the  fruit  som» 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tunes  "  turns  out  damaged."  This  extra  profit  is 
owing  to  the  French  giving  better  measure,  their 
four  bushels  being  about  five  market  bushels,  as 
there  is  much  straw  packed  up  with  the  English 
apples,  and  none  with  the  French. 

Plums  and  damsons  are  less  purchased  by  the 
humbler  classes  than  apples,  or  than  any  other 
larger  sized  fruit  which  is  supplied  abundantly. 
"  If  I've  worked  plums  or  damsons,"  said  an 
experienced  costermonger,  "  and  have  told  any 
woman  pricing  them  :  '  They  don't  look  so  ripe, 
but  they're  all  the  better  for  a  pie,'  she's  an- 
swered, '  O,  a  plum  pie's  too  fine  for  us,  and 
what's  more,  it  takes  too  much  sugar.'  "  They 
are  sold  principally  for  desserts,  and  in  penny- 
worths, at  Id.  the  half- pint  for  good,  and  \d. 
for  inferior.  Green-gages  are  50  per  ceiit 
higher.  Some  costers  sell  a  cheap  lot  of  plums 
to  the  eating-house  keepers,  and  sell  th^m 
more  readily  than  they  sell  apples  to  the  c  me 
parties. 

West  Indian  pine-apples  are,  as  rega;ds  the 
street  sale,  disposed  of  more  in  the  city  than 
elsewhere.  They  are  bought  by  clerks  and 
warehousemen,  who  carry  them  to  their  sub- 
urban homes.  The  slices  at  \d.  and  Id.  are 
bought  principally  by  boys.  The  average  price 
of  a  "  good  street  pine  "  is  9d. 

Peaches  are  an  occasional  sale  with  the  cos- 
Tormoiigers',  and  are  disposed  of  to  the  same 
classes  as  purchase  strawberries  and  pines. 
The  street  sale  of  peaches  is  not  practicable  if 
the  price  exceed  Irf.  a  piece. 

Of  other  fruits,  vended  largely  in  the  streets, 
I  have  spoken  under  their  respective  heads. 

The  returns  before  cited  as  to  the  quantity  of 
home-grown  and  foreign  green  fruit  sold  in 
London,  and  the  proportion  disposed  of  by  the 
eostermongers  give  the  following  .results  (in 
lound  numbers),  as  to  the  absolute  quantity  of 
the  several  kinds  of  green  fruit  (oranges  and 
nuts  excepted)  "distributed"  throughout  the 
metropolis  by  the  street- sellers. 

313,000  bushels  of  apples,  (home-grown) 
31,560  „         apples,  (foreign) 

17b',5()0  „         pears,  (home-grown) 

17,235  ,,         pears,  (foreign) 

1,039,200  Ibs.  of  cherries,  (home-grown) 
176,160       ,,      cherries,  (foreign) 

11,766  bushels  of  plums, 
100  „         greengages, 

548  „         damsons, 

2,450  „         bullaces, 

207,525  „         gooseberries, 

85,500  sieves  of  red  currants, 
13,500         „        black  currants, 
3,000         „        white  currants, 

763,750  pottles  of  strawberries, 
1,762          „        raspberries, 
30,485          „        mulberries, 

6,012  bushels  of  hazel  nuts, 

17,280  Ibs.  of  filberts, 
26,563        „      grapes, 

20,000  pines. 


OF  THE  ORANGE  AND  NUT  MARKET. 

IN  Houndsditch  there  is  a  market  supported 
principally  by  costermongers,  who  there  pur- 
chase their  oranges,  lemons,  and  nuts.  This 
market  is  entirely  in  the  hands  of  the  Jews ;  and 
although  a  few  tradesmen  may  attend  it  to 
buy  grapes,  still  it  derives  its  chief  custom  from 
the  street-dealers  who  say  they  can  make  far 
better  bargains  with  the  Israelites,  (as  they  never 
refuse  an  offer,)  than  they  can  with  the  Co  vent- 
garden  salesmen,  who  generally  cling  to  their 
prices.  This  market  is  known  by  the  name  of 
"  Duke's-place,"  although  its  proper  title  is 
St.  James's-place.  The  nearest  road  to  it  is 
through  Duke's-street,  and  the  two  titles  have 
been  so  confounded  that  at  length  the  mistake 
has  grown  into  a  custom 

Duke's-place — as  the  costers  call  it  —  is  a 
large  square  yard,  with  the  iron  gates  of  a 
synagogue  in  one  corner,  a  dead  wall  forming 
one  entire  side  of  the  court,  and  a  gas-lamp  on 
a  circular  pavement  in  the  centre.  The  place 
looks  as  if  it  were  devoted  to  money-making — 
for  it  is  quiet  and  dirty.  Not  a  gilt  letter  is  to 
be  seen  over  a  doorway ;  there  is  no  display  of 
gaudy  colour,  or  sheets  of  plate-glass,  such  as 
we  see  in  a  crowded  thoroughfare  when  a  cus- 
tomer is  to  be  caught  by  show.  As  if  the 
merchants  knew  their  trade  was  certain,  they 
are  content  to  let  the  London  smoke  do  their 
painter's  work.  On  looking  at  the  shop? 
in  this  quarter,  the  idea  forces  itself  upon  one 
that  they  are  in  the  last  stage  of  dilapidation. 
Never  did  property  in  Chancery  look  more 
ruinous.  Each  dwelling  seems  as  though  a  fire 
had  raged  in  it,  for  not  a  shop  in  the  market 
has  a  window  to  it;  and,  beyond  the  few  sacks 
of  nuts  exposed  for  sale,  they  are  empty,  the 
walls  within  being  blackened  with  dirt,  and  the 

Saint  without  blistered  in  the  sun,  while  the 
oor-posts  are  worn  round  with  the  shoulders 
of  tii?  customers,  and  black  as  if  charred.  A 
few  s»ckly  hens  wander  about,  turning  over  the 
heaps  of  dried  leaves  that  the  oranges  have 
been  sent  over  in,  or  roost  the  time  away  on  the 
shafts  and  wheels  of  the  nearest  truck.  Ex- 
cepting on  certain  days,  there  is  little  or  no 
business  stirring,  so  that  many  of  the  shops 
have  one  or  two  shutters  up,  as  if  a  death  had 
taken  place,  and  the  yard  is  quiet  as  an  inn  of 
court.  At  a  little  distance  the  warehouses, 
with  their  low  ceilings,  open  fronts,  and  black 
sides,  seem  like  dark  holes  or  coal-stores  ;  and, 
but  for  the  mahogany  backs  of  chairs  showing 
at  the  first  floors,  you  would  scarcely  believe 
the  houses  to  be  inhabited,  much  more  to  be 
elegantly  furnished  as  they  are.  One  of  the 
drawing-rooms  that  I  entered  here  was  warm 
and  red  with  morocco  leather,  Spanish  maho. 
gany,  and  curtains  and  Turkey  carpets ;  while 
the  ormolu  chandelier  and  the  gilt  frames  of  the 
looking-glass  and  pictures  twinkled  at  every 
point  in  the  fire-light. 

The  householders  in  Duke's-place  are  all  of 
the  Jewish  persuasion,  and  &monp  the  costers  a 


LONDON  LABOUR  AM)  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


91 


saying  has  sprung  up  about  it  When  a  rrfan 
has  been  out  of  work  for  some  time,  he  is  said  to 
be  "  Cursed,  like  a  pig  in  Duke's-place." 

Almost  ever)'  shop  has  a  Scripture  name  over 
it,  and  even  the  public-houses  are  of  the  Hebrew 
faith,  their  signs  appealing  to  the  followers  of 
those  trades  which  most  abound  with  Jews. 
There  is  the  "Jeweller's  Arms,"  patronised 
greatly  of  a  Sunday  morning,  when  the  Israelite 
jewellers  attend  to  exchange  their  trinkets  and 
barter  amongst  themselves.  Very  often  the 
counter  before  "the  bar"  here  maybe  seen  cov- 
ered with  golden  ornaments,  and  sparkling  with 
precious  stones,  amounting  in  value  to  thousands 
of  pounds.  The  landlord  of  this  house  of  call 
is  licensed  to  manufacture  tobacco  and  cigars. 
There  is  also  the  "  Fishmongers'  Arms,"  the 

•  >f  the  vendors  of  fried  soles;  here,  in  the 
evening,  a  concert  takes  place,  the  performers 
and  audience  being  Jews.  The  landlord  of  this 
house  too  is  licensed  to  manufacture  tobacco 
and  cigars.  Entering  one  of  these  houses  I 
found  a  bill  announcing  a  "  Bible  to  be  raffled 

for,  the  property  of ."      And,  lastly,  there 

is  "  Benjamin's  Coffee-house,"  open  to  old 
clothesmen  ;  and  here,  again,  the  proprietor  is 
a  licensed  tobacco-manufacturer.  These  facts 
are  mentioned  to  show  the  untiring  energy  of 
the  Jew  when  anything  is  to  be  gained,  and  to 
give  an  instance  of  the  curious  manner  in  which 
this  people  support  each  other. 

e  of  the  nut  and  orange  shops  in 
Duke's-place  it  would  be  impossible  to  de- 
scribe. At  one  sat  an  old  woman,  with  jet- 
black  hair  and  a  wrinkled  face,  nursing  an 
infant,  and  watching  over  a  few  matted  baskets 
of  nuts  ranged  on  a  kind  of  carpenter's  bench 
placed  upon  the  pavement  The  interior  of  the 
house  was  as  empty  as  if  it  had  been  to  let, 
excepting  a  few  bits  of  harness  hanging  against 
the  wall,  and  an  old  salt-box  nailed  near  the 
gas-lamp,  in  which  sat  a  hen,  "  hatching,"  as  I 
was  told.  At  another  was  an  excessively  stout 
Israelite  mother,  with  crisp  negro's  hair  and 
long  gold  earrings,  rolling  hei  child  on  the 
table  used  for  sorting  the  nuts.  Here  the  black 
walls  had  been  chalked  over  with  scores,  and 
was  filled  up  with  sacks  and  orange- 
eases.  Before  one  warehouse  a  family 
from  the  father  to  the  infant,  were  busy  washing 
walnuts  in  a  huge  tub  with  a  trap  in  the  side, 
and  around  them  were  ranged  measures  of  the 
wet  fruit.  The  Jewish  women  are  known  to 
make  the  fondest  parents;  ai 
there  certainly  was  no  lack  of  fondl 
almost  every  parlour  a  child  was  < 

unped  with,  and  some- 
were   being   tossed   nearly  to   the  ceiling,  and 

.  screaming  with  - 

uids  of  the  delig: 

t  be  seen  a  circle  of  three  or  four 

—some  old  as  if  grandmothers,  ?>.• 

a  hook- no 
it  and  \  r  fingers  at  it  in  a  fr< 

-••   shops  are  generally 


placed  in  the  open  streets  like  stalls,  and  the 
shop  itself  is  used  as  a  store  to  keep  the  stock  iiv 
On  these  counters  are  ranged  the  large  matting 
baskets,  some  piled  up  with  dark-brown  polished 
chestnuts — shining  like  a  racer's  neck — others 
filled  with  wedge-shaped  Brazil-nuts,  and  rough 
hairy  cocoa-nuts.  There  are  heaps,  too,  of 
newly-washed  walnuts,  a  few  showing  their 
white  crumpled  kernels  as  a  sample  of  their 
excellence.  Before  every  doorway  are  long  pot- 
bellied boxes  of  oranges,  with  the  yellow  fruit 
just  peeping  between  the  laths  on  top,  and 
lemons— yet  green— are  ranged  about  in  their 
paper  jackets  to  ripen  in  the  air. 

In  front  of  one  store  the  paving-stones  were 
soft  with  the  sawdust  emptied  from  the  grape- 
cases,  and  the  floor  of  the  shop  itself  was 
whitened  with  the  dry  powder.  Here  stood  a 
man  in  a  long  tasselled  smoking-cap,  pulling 
with  his  bellows  at  the  blue  bunches  on  a  tray, 
and  about  him  were  the  boxes  with  the  paper 
lids  thrown  back,  and  the  round  sea-green 
berries  just  rising  above  the  sawdust  as  if 
floating  in  it  Close  by,  was  a  group  of  dark- 
eyed  women  bending  over  an  orange-case,  pick- 
ing out  the  rotten  from  the  good  fruit,  while  a 
sallow-complexioned  girl  was  busy  with  her 
knife  scooping  out  the  damaged  parts,  until, 
what  with  sawdust  and  orange-peel,  the  aii 
smelt  like  the  pit  of  a  circus. 

Nothing  could  be  seen  in  this  strange  place 
that  did  not,  in  some  way  or  another,  appertain 
to  Jewish  customs.  A  "woman,  with  a  heavy 
gold  chain  round  her  neck,  went  past,  carrying 
an  old  green  velvet  bonnet  covered  with  leathers, 
and  a  fur  tippet,  that  she  had  either  recently 
purchased  or  was  about  to  sell.  Another  woman, 
whose  features  showed  her  to  be  a  Gentile,  was 
hurrying  toward  the  slop-shop  in  the  Minories 
with  a  richly  quilted  satin-lined  coat  done  up  in 
her  shawl,  and  the  market-basket  by  her 
as  if  the  money  due  for  the  work  were  to  be 
spent  directly  for  housekeeping. 

At  the  corner  of  Uuke's-street  was  a  stall 
kept  by  a  Jew,  who  sold  tilings  that  are 
only  by  the    Hebrews.     Here  in  a  yellow  pie- 
dish  were  pieces  of  Mtueii  ;:;ij)les  lloating  in  a 
thick  puce-coloured  sauce. 

One  man  that    I  spoke  to  told    me  that    he 
considered   his   Sunday   morning's  work   I 
bad  one  if  he  did  not  sell  his  live  or  six  1. 
bushels  of  nuts  of  different   kinds.      He   had 
1  •><)/.   that  day  of  the  street-sellers,  and 
usually  sold  his  lOOi  worth  of  goods  in  a  morn- 
lid  the  same  as  h 

with  every  attention,  and  was  furnished 
with  some  valuable  statistical  infonn.-itii  .. 
cerning  the  street-trade. 

OP  ORANGE  AND  LEMON  SELLINU  IN  mi: 
STREET* 

the  oranges  and  nuts  supply 

irreater  staj>  Mroet  trade. 

and,  I1  :.  but  Still  a  fuller, 

ni  otncr  ar1 
Oranges  were  first  sold  in  the  streets  at  ths 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


close  of  Elizabeth's  reign.  So  rapidly  had  the 
trade  increased,  that  four  years  after  her  death, 
or  in  1607,  Ben  Jonson  classes  "  orange-wives," 
for  noisiness,  with  "  fish- wives."  These  women 
at  first  carried  the  oranges  in  baskets  on  their 
heads ;  barrows  were  afterwards  used ;  and  now 
trays  are  usually  slung  to  the  shoulders. 

Oranges  are  brought  to  this  country  in  cases 
or  boxes,  containing  from  500  to  900  oranges. 
From  official  tables,  it  appears  that  between 
250,000,000  and  300,000,000  of  oranges  and 
lemons  are  now  yearly  shipped  to  England. 
They  are  sold  wholesale,  principally  at  public 
sales,  in  lots  of  eight  boxes,  the  price  at  such 
bales  varying  greatly,  according  to  the  supply 
and  the  quality.  The  supply  continues  to  arrive 
from  October  to  August. 

Oranges  are  bought  by  the  retailers  in  Duke's- 
plaoe  and  in  Covent- Garden;  but  the  coster- 
mongers  nearly  all  resort  to  Duke's-place,  and 
the  shopkeepers  to  Covent- Garden.  They  are 
sold  in  baskets  of  200  or  300  ;  they  are  also  dis- 
posed of  by  the  hundred,  a  half-hundred  being 
the  smallest  quantity  sold  in  Duke's-place. 
These  hundreds,  however,  number  110,  contain- 
ing 10  double  "hands,"  a  single  hand  being  5 
oranges.  The  price  in  December  was  2s.  6d.t 
3s.  6d.,  and  4s.  the  hundred.  They  are  rarely 
lower  than  4s.  about  Christmas,  as  there  is  then 
a  better  demand  for  them.  The  damaged  oranges 
are  known  as  "  specks,"  and  the  purchaser  runs 
the  risk  of  specks  forming  a  portion  of  the  con- 
tents of  a  basket,  as  he  is  not  allowed  to  empty 
it  for  the  examination  of  the  fruit :  but  some 
salesmen  agree  to  change  the  specks.  A  month 
after  Christmas,  oranges  are  generally  cheaper, 
and  become  dearer  again  about  May,  when  there 
is  a  great  demand  for  the  supply  of  the  fairs  and 
races. 

Oranges  are  sold  by  all  classes  connected  with 
the  fruit,  flower,  or  vegetable  trade  of  the  streets. 
The  majority  of  the  street- sellers  are,  however, 
women  and  children,  and  the  great  part  of  these 
are  Irish.  It  has  been  computed  that,  when 
oranges  are  "at  their  best"  (generally  about 
Easter),  there  are  4,000  persons,  including  stall- 
keepers,  selling  oranges  in  the  metropolis  and 
its  suburbs ;  while  there  are  generally  3,000  out 
of  this  number  "working"  oranges  —  that  is, 
hawking  them  from  street  to  street :  of  these,  300 
attend  at  the  doors  of  the  theatres,  saloons,  &c. 
Many  of  those  "working"  the  theatres  confine 
their  trade  to  oranges,  while  the  other  dealers 
rarely  do  so,  but  unite  with  them  the  sale  of  nuts 
of  some  kind.  Those  who  sell  only  oranges,  or 
only  nuts,  are  mostly  children,  and  of  the  poor- 
est class.  The  smallness  of  the  sum  required 
to  provide  a  stock  of  oranges  (a  half-hundred 
being  15d.  or  I8d.),  enables  the  poor,  who  cannot 
raise  "  stock-money"  sufficient  to  purchase  any- 
thing else,  to  trade  upon  a  few  oranges. 

The  regular  costers  rarely  buy  oranges  until 
tne  spring,  except,  perhaps,  for  Sunday  after- 
uoon  sale — though  this,  as  I  said  before,  they 
mostly  object  to.  In  the  spring,  however,  they 
itock  their  barrows  with  oranges.  One  man  told 


me  that,  four  or  five  years  back,  he  bad  sold  in  a 
day  2,000  oranges  that  he  picked  up  as  a  bargain. 
They  did  not  cost  him  half  a  farthing  each  ;  he 
said  he  "  cleared  2,1.  by  the  spec."  At  the  same 
period  he  could  earn  5*.  or  6*.  on  a  Sunday 
afternoon  by  the  sale  of  oranges  in  the  street ; 
but  now  he  could  not  earn  2s. 

A  poor  Irishwoman,  neither  squalid  in  ap- 
pearance nor  ragged  in  dress,  though  looking 
pinched  and  wretched,  gave  me  the  subjoined 
account;  when  I  saw  her,  resting  with  her 
basket  of  oranges  near  Coldbath-fields  prison, 
she  told  me  she  almost  wished  she  was  inside 
of  it,  but  for  the  "  childer."  Her  history  was 
one  common  to  her  class  — 

"  I  was  brought  over  here,  sir,  when  I  was  a 
girl,  but  my  father  and  mother  died  two  or  three 
years  after.  I  was  in  service  then,  and  very 
good  service  I  continued  in  as  a  maid-of-all- 
work,  and  very  kind  people  I  met ;  yes,  indeed, 
though  I  was  Irish  and  a  Catholic,  and  they  was 
English  Protistants.  I  saved  a  little  money 
there,  and  got  married.  My  husband's  a  la- 
bourer; and  when  he's  in  full  worruk  he  can 
earn  12*.  or  14s.  a  week,  for  he's  a  good  hand 
and  a  harrud-worruking  man,  and  we  do  mid- 
dlin'  thin.  He's  out  of  worruk  now,  and  I'm 
forced  to  thry  and  sill  a  few  oranges  to  keep  a 
bit  of  life  in  us,  and  my  husband  minds  the 
childer.  Bad  as  I  do,  I  can  do  Id.  or  2d.  a  day 
profit  betther  than  him,  poor  man !  for  he's  tall 
and  big,  and  people  thinks,  if  he  goes  round 
with  a  few  oranges,  it's  just  from  idleniss ;  and 
the  Lorrud  above  knows  he'll  always  worruk 
whin  he  can.  He  goes  sometimes  whin  I'm 
harrud  tired.  One  of  us  must  stay  with  the 
childer,  for  the  youngist  is  not  three  and  the 
ildest  not  five.  We  don't  live,  we  starruve.  W«» 
git  a  few  'taties,  and  sometimes  a  plaice.  To- 
day I  've  not  taken  3d.  as  yit,  sir,  and  it's  past 
three.  Oh,  no,  indeed  and  indeed,  thin,  I  dont 
make  9rf,  a  day.  We  live  accordingly,  for  there's 
1*.  3d.  a  week  for  rint.  I  have  very  little  harrut 
to  go  into  the  p  ublic-houses  to  sill  oranges,  for 
they  begins  flyi  ig  out  about  the  Pope  and  Car- 
dinal Wiseman,  as  if  I  had  anything  to  do  with 
it  And  that's  another  reason  why  I  like  mj 
husband  to  stay  at  home,  and  me  to  go  out,  be- 
cause he's  a  hasty  man,  and  might  get  into 
throuble.  1  don't  know  what  will  become  of  us, 
if  times  don't  turn." 

On  calling  upon  tliis  poor  woman  on  the  fol- 
lowing day,  I  found  her  and  her  children  absent. 
The  husband  had  got  employment  at  some  dis- 
tance, and  she  had  gone  to  see  if  she  could  not 
obtain  a  room  3d.  a  week  cheaper,  and  lodge 
near  the  place  of  work. 

According  to  the  Board  of  Trade  returis, 
there  are  nearly  two  hundred  millions  cf 
oranges  annually  imported  into  this  country. 
About  one-third  of  these  are  sold  wholesale  in 
London,  and  one-fourth  of  the  latter  quantity  dis- 
posed of  retail  in  the  streets.  The  returns  I  have 
procured,  touching  the  London  sale,  prove  that 
no  less  than  15.500,000  are  sold  yearly  by  the 
street-sellers.  The  retail  price  of  these  may  b« 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


93 


•aid  to  be,  upon  an  average,  5s.  per  110,  and 
this  would  give  us  about  35,000/.  for  the  gross 
sum  of  money  laid  out  every  year,  in  the  streets, 
in  the  matter  of  oranges  alone. 

The  street  lemon-trade  is  now  insignificant, 
lemons  having  become  a  more  important  article 
of  commerce  since  the  law  required  foreign- 
bound  ships  to  be  provided  with  lemon-juice. 
The  street-sale  is  chiefly  in  the  hands  of 
the  Jews  and  the  Irish.  It  does  not,  however, 
call  for  special  notice  here- 

OF  NUT  SELLING  IN  THE  STREETS. 
THE  sellers  of  foreign  hazel  nuts  are  principally 
women  and  children,  but  the  stall- keepers,  and 
oftentimes  the  costermongers,  sell  them  with 
other  "  goods."  The  consumption  of  them  is 
immense,  the  annual  export  from  Tarragona 
being  little  short  of  8,000  tons.  They  are  to  be 
found  in  every  poor  shop  in  London,  as  well  as 
in  the  large  towns  ;  they  are  generally  to  be 
seen  on  every  street- stall*  in  every  country  vil- 
lage, at  every  fair,  and  on  every  race-ground. 
The  supply  is  from  Gijon  and  Tarragona,  The 
Gijon  nuts  are  the  "  Spanish,"  or  "  fresh"  nuts. 
They  are  sold  at  public  sales,  in  barrels  of  three 
bushels  each,  the  price  being  from  35s.  to  40s. 
The  nuts  from  Tarragona,  whence  comes  the 
great  supply,  are  known  as  "  Barcelonas,"  and 
they  are  kiln-dried  before  they  are  shipped. 
Hence  the  Barcelonas  will  "keep,"  and  the 
Spanish  will  not  The  Spanish  are  coloured 
with  the  fumes  of  sulphur,  by  the  Jews  in 
Duke's-place. 

It  is  somewhat  remarkable  that  nuts  supply 

employment  to  a  number  of  girls  in  Spain,  and 

then  yield  the  means  of  a  scanty  subsistence  to 

a  number  of  girls  (with  or  without  parents)  in 

jid. 

prattle  and  the  laughter  (according  to 
Inglis)  of  the  Spanish  girls  who  sort,  find  no 
parallel  however  among  the  London  girls  who 
sell  the  nuts.  The  appearance  of  the  latter  is 
often  wretched.  In  the  winter  months  they  may 
be  seen  as  if  stupified  with  cold,  and  with  the 
listlessness,  not  to  say  apathy,  of  those  whose 
diet  is  poor  in  quantity  and  insufficient  in 
amount 

Very  few  costermongers  buy  nuts  (as  hazel 
nuts  are  always  called)  at  the  public  sales — only 
those  whose  dealings  are  of  a  wholesale  charac- 
ter, and  they  are  anything  but  regular  attendants 

sales.  The  street-sellers  derive  nearly 
the  whole  of  their  supply  from  Duke's- pi  ace. 
The  principal  times  of  business  are  Friday 

>ons  and    Sunday  morning.      Th. 
have  "capital"  buy  on  ,  when  they 

wy  they  can  make  10*.  go  as  far  as  12*.  on  tin- 
Sunday.  The  "  Barcelona*"  are  from  •!$</.  to 
6/£aM  seller*.  The  cob-nuts, 

which  are  the  large  size,  u  pastry - 

>r  inottos,  &c.,  are  '!<{.  and  l'» 
but  they  are  generally  destitute   of  a   . 

•   from    100   to   180  nuU,  ac- 

the  size.     The  cottermongen  buy 

•omewhat  largely  when  nuU  are  3</.  the  quart ; 


they  then,  and  not  unfrequently,  stock  their 
barrows  with  nuts  entirely,  but  2s.  a  day  is 
reckoned  excellent  earnings  at  this  trade.  "  It's 
the  worst  living  of  all,  sir,"  I  was  told,  "  on 
nuts."  The  sale  in  the  streets  is  at  the  fruit- 
stalls,  in  the  public-houses,  on  board  the 
steamers,  and  at  the  theatre  doors.  They  are 
sold  by  the  same  class  as  the  oranges,  and  a 
stock  may  be  procured  l<y  a  smaller  sum  even 
than  is  required  for  oranges.  By  the  outlay  of 
Is.  many  an  Irishwoman  can  send  out  her  two 
or  three  children  with  nuts,  reserving  some  for 
herself.  Seven-eighths  of  the  nuts  imported 
are  sold,  I  am  assured,  in  the  open  air. 

Some  of  the  costermongers  who  are  to  be 
found  in  Battersea-fields,  and  who  attend  the 
fairs  and  races,  get  through  5s.  worth  of  nuts  in 
a  day,  but  only  exceptionally.  These  men  have 
a  sort  of  portable  shooting-gallery.  The  cus- 
tomer fires  a  kind  of  rifle,  loaded  with  a  dart, 
and  according  to  the  number  marked  on  the 
centre,  or  on  the  encircling  rings  of  a  board 
which  forms  the  head  of  the  stall,  and  which 
may  be  struck  by  the  dart,  is  the  number  of 
nuts  payable  by  the  stall-keeper  for  the  half- 
penny "fire." 

The  Brazil  nuts,  which  are  now  sold  largely 
in  the  streets  at  twelve  to  sixteen  a  penny,  were 
not  known  in  this  country  as  an  article  of  com- 
merce before  1824.  They  are  sold  by  the  peck 
— 2s.  being  the  ordinary  price — in  Duke's-place. 

Coker-nuts— as  they  are  now  generally  called, 
and  indeed  "  entered  "  as  such  at  the  Custom- 
house, and  so  written  by  Mr.  Me  Culloch,  to 
distinguish  them  from  cocoa,  or  the  berries 
of  the  cacao,  used  for  chocolate,  etc.  —  are 
brought  from  the  West  Indies,  both  British 
and  Spanish,  and  Brazil.  They  are  used  as 
dunnage  in  the  sugar  ships,  being  interposed 
between  the  hogsheads,  to  steady  them  and 
prevent  their  being  flung  about.  The  coker- 
nut  was  introduced  into  England  in  1690.  They 
are  sold  at  public  sales  and  otherwise,  and  bring 
from  10s.  to  14s.  per  100.  Coker-nuts  are  now 
used  at  fairs  to  "  top"  the  sticks. 

The  costermongers  rarely  speculate  in  coker- 
nuts  now,  as  the  boys  will  not  buy  them  unless 
cut,  and  it  is  almost  impossible  to  tell  how  the 
coker-nut  will  "  open."  The  interior  is  sold  ir 
halfpenny-worths  and  penny-worths.  These 
nuts  are  often  "  worked  with  a  drum."  There 
may  be  now  forty  coker-nut  men  in  the  street 
trade,  hut  not  one  in  ten  confines  himself  to  the 

A  lar^e  proportion  of  the  dry  or  ripe  walnuts 
sold  in  tin-  streets  is  from  Bordeaux.  They  ar* 
sold  at  public  sales,  in  barrels  of  three  bushel* 
each,  realising  21*.  to  25*.  a  barrel.  They  are 
retailed  at  from  eight  to  twenty  a  penny,  and 
are  sold  by  all  classes  <>•  iers. 

A  little  trirl,  who  looked  stunted  and  w; 
and  who  did  not  know  her  a^e  (which  might  be 
ut  by  her  mother 

I   halfpenny-worth  ,,f  nut-,  and  si,. 
carry    I  Of  she   would   be  beat      Sho 

r.  and  could  m  ithcr  read  nor  writ* 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LO\DON  POOR. 


Her  mother  was  an  Englishwoman,  she  believed, 
and  sold  oranges.  She  had  heard  of  God  ;  he 
was  "  Our  Father  who  art  in  heaven."  She'd 
heard  that  said.  She  did  not  know  the  Lord's 
Prayer ;  had  never  heard  of  it ;  did  not  know 
who  the  Lord  was ;  perhaps  the  Lord  Mayor, 
but  she  had  never  been  before  him.  She  went 
into  public-houses  with  her  nuts,  but  did  not 
know  whether  she  was  ever  insulted  or  not ;  she 
did  not  know  what  insulted  was,  but  she  was 
never  badly  used.  She  often  went  into  tap- 
rooms with  her  nuts,  just  to  warm  herself.  A 
man  once  gave  her  some  hot  beer,  which  made 
her  ill.  Her  mother  was  kind  enough  to  her, 
and  never  beat  her  but  for  not  taking  home  6d. 
She  had  a  younger  brother  that  did  as  she  did. 
She  had  bread  and  potatoes  to  eat,  and  some- 
times tea,  and  sometimes  herrings.  Her  mother 
didn't  get  tipsy  (at  first  she  did  not  know  what 
was  meant  by  tipsy)  above  once  a  week. 

OF  ROASTED  CHESTNUTS  AND  APPLES. 

How  long  the  street-trade  in  roasted  chestnuts 
has  been  carried  on  I  find  no  means  of  ascer- 
taining precisely,  but  it  is  unquestionably  one 
of  the  oldest  of  the  public  traffics.  Before 
potato- cans  were  introduced,  the  sale  of  roasted 
chestnuts  was  far  greater  than  it  is  now. 

It  is  difficult  to  compute  the  number  of 
roasted  chestnut- sellers  at  present  in  the  streets. 
It  is  probable  that  they  outnumber  1,000,  for 
I  noticed  that  on  a  cold  day  almost  every  street 
fruit- seller,  man  or  woman,  had  roasted  chest- 
nuts for  sale. 

Sometimes  the  chestnuts  are  roasted  in  the 
streets,  ia  a  huge  iron  apparatus,  made  ex- 
pressly for  the  purpose,  and  capable  of  cooking 
perhaps  a  bushel  at  a  time — but  these  are  to  be 
found  solely  at  the  street-markets. 

The  ordinary  street  apparatus  for  roasting 
chestnuts  is  simple.  A  round  pan,  with  a  few 
holes  punched  in  it,  costing  3d.  or  4rf.  in  a 
marine-s;.">re  shop,  has  burning  charcoal  within 
it,  and  is  surmounted  by  a  second  pan,  or  kind 
of  lid,  containing  chestnuts,  which  are  thus  kept 
hot.  During  my  inquiry,  chestnuts  were  dear. 
"  People  don't  care,"  I  was  told,  "  whether 
chestnuts  is  three  and  six,  as  they  are  now,  or 
one  and  six  a  peck,  as  I  hope  they  will  be 
afore  long;  they  wants  the  same  pennyworths." 

Chestnuts  are  generally  bought  wholesale  in 
Duke's-place,  on  the  Sunday  mornings,  for 
street  sale ;  but  some  street- dealers  buy  them  of 
those  costermongers,  whose  means  enable  them 
"to  lay  in"  a  quantity.  The  retail  customers 
are,  for  the  most  part,  boys  and  girls,  or  a  few 
labourers  or  street  people.  The  usual  price  is 
sixteen  a  penny. 

Roasted  apples  used  to  be  vended  in  the 
streets,  and  often  along  with  roasted  chestnuts, 
but  it  is  a  trade  which  has  now  almost  entirely 
disappeared,  and  its  disappearance  is  attributed 
to  the  prevalence  of  potato  cans. 

I  had  the  following  account  from  a  woman, 
apparently  between  sixty  and  seventy,  though 
tiie  *aid  she  was  only  about  fifty.  What  she 


was  in  her  youth,  she  said,  she  neither  knevi 
nor  cared.  At  any  rate  she  was  unwilling  tc 
converse  about  it.  I  found  her  statement  as  to 
chestnuts  corroborated  : — 

"  The  trade's  nothing  to  what  it  was,  sir,"  she 
said.  "  Why  when  the  hackney  coaches  was  in 
the  streets,  I've  often  sold  Is.  worth  of  a  night 
at  a  time,  for  a  relish,  to  the  hackneymen  that 
was  waiting  their  turn  over  their  beer.  Six  and 
eight  a  penny  was  enough  then  ;  now  people 
must  have  sixteen;  though  I  pays  3*.  a  peck, 
and  to  get  them  at  that's  a  favour.  I  could 
make  my  good  12s.  a  week  on  roasted  chestnuts 
and  apples,  and  as  much  on  other  things  in 
them  days,  but  I'm  half-starved  now.  There'll 
never  be  such  times  again.  People  didn't  want 
to  cut  one  another's  throats  in  the  street  busi- 
ness then.  O,  I  don't  know  anything  about  how 
long  ago,  or  what  year — years  is  nothing  to  me 
— but  I  only  know  that  it  was  so.  I  got  a 
penny  a  piece  then  for  my  roasted  apples,  and 
a  halfpenny  for  sugar  to  them.  I  could  live 
then.  Roasted  apples  was  reckoned  good  for 
the  tooth-ache  in  them  days,  but,  people 
change  so,  they  aren't  now.  I  don't  know 
what  I  make  now  in  chestnuts  and  apples, 
which  is  all  I  sells — perhaps  5s.  a  week.  My 
rent's  1*.  3d.  a  week.  I  lives  on  a  bit  of  fish, 
or  whatever  I  can  get,  and  that's  all  about  it." 

The  absolute  quantity  of  oranges,  lemons,  and 
nuts  sold  annually  in  the  London  streets  is  as 
follows: 

Oranges 15,400,000 

Lemons 154,000 

Spanish  and  Barcelona  nuts     24,000  bushe  s 

Brazil  do 3,000      „ 

Chestnuts 6,500       „ 

Walnuts 24,000       „ 

Coker-nuts 400,000  nuts 

OF  "DRY"  FRUIT  SELLING  IN  THE  STREETS. 
THE  sellers  of  "  dry  fruit"  cannot  be  described 
as  a  class,  for,  with  the  exception  of  one  old 
couple,  none  that  I  know  of  confine  themselves 
to  its  sale,  but  resort  to  it  merely  when  the 
season  prevents  their  dealing  in  "green  fruit" 
or  vegetables.  I  have  already  specified  what  in 
commerce  is  distinguished  as  "  dry  fruit,"  but 
its  classification  among  the  costers  is  somewhai 
narrowed. 

The  dry-fruit  sellers  derive  their  supplies 
partly  from  Duke's-place,  partly  from  Pudding- 
lane,  but  perhaps  principally  from  the  costers 
concerning  whom  I  have  spoken,  who  buy  whole- 
sale at  the  markets  and  elsewhere,  and  who  will 
"  clear  out  a  grocer,"  or  buy  such  figs,  &c.  as  a 
leading  tradesman  will  not  allow  to  be  sent,  or 
offered,  to  his  regular  customers,  although,  per- 
haps, some  of  the  articles  are  tolerably  good.  Oi 
else  the  dry-fruit  men  buy  a  damaged  lot  of  a 
broker  or  grocer,  and  pick  out  all  that  is  eatable, 
or  rather  saleable. 

The  sale  of  dry  fruit  is  unpopular  amo*.g  the 
costermongers.  Despite  their  utmost  pains,  they 
cannot  give  to  figs,  or  raisins,  or  currants,  w  hich 
may  be  old  and  stale,  anything  of  the  bloom  an  J 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


plumpness  of  good  fruit,  and  the  price  of  good 
fruit  is  too  high  for  them.  Moreover,  if  the 
fruit  be  a  "damaged  lot,"  it  is  almost  always 
discoloured,  and  the  blemish  cannot  be  re- 
moved. 

It  is  impossible  to  give  the  average  price  of 
dry  fruit  to  the  costermonger.  The  quality 
and  the  "  harvest  "  affect  the  price  materially 
in  the  regular  trade. 

The  rule  which  I  am  informed  the  coster- 
monger,  who  sometimes  "works"  a  barrow  of 
dried  fruit,  observes,  is  this  :  he  will  aim  at  cent 
per  cent.,  and,  to  accomplish  it,  "  slang  "  weights 
are  not  unfrequently  used.  The  stale  fruit  is 
sold  by  the  grocers,  and  the  damaged  fruit  by 
the  warehouses  to  the  costers,  at  from  a  half,  but 
much  more  frequently  a  fourth  to  a  twentieth  of 
its  prime  cost  The  principal  street-purchasers 
are  b 

A  dry-fruit  seller  gave  me  the  following 
account  :* — By  "  half  profits  "  he  meant  cent,  per 
cent,  or,  in  other  words,  that  the  money  he  re- 
ceived for  his  stock  was  half  of  it  cost  price  and 
half  profit 

••  1  sell  dry  fruit,  sir,  in  February  and 
March,  because  I  must  be  doing  something, 
and  green  fruit's  not  my  money  then.  It's 
a  poor  trade.  I've  sold  figs  at  Id.  a  pound, 
— no,  sir,  not  slang  the  time  I  mean — and  I 
could  hardly  make  Is.  a  day  at  it,  though 
it  was  half  profits.  Our  customers  look  at 
them  quite  particler.  'Let's  see  the  other 
side  of  them  figs,'  the  boys  '11  say,  and  then 
they'll  out  with — '  I  say,  master,  d'  you  see  any 
green  about  me?'  Dates  I  can  hardly  get  oft 
at  all,  no! — not  if  they  was  as  cheap  as  potatoes, 
or  cheaper.  I've  been  asked  by  women  if  dates 
was  good  in  dumplings  ?  I've  sometimes  said 
though  I  knew  nothing  at  all  about  them. 
They're  foreign.  I  can't  say  where  they're 
grown.  Almonds  and  raisins  goes  off  best  with 
us.  I  don't  sell  them  by  weight,  but  makes 
them  up  in  ha'penny  or  penny  lots.  There's 
two  things,  you  see,  and  one  helps  off  the  other. 
Raisins  is  dry  grapes,  I've  heard.  I've  sold 
grapes  before  they  was  dried,  at  Id.  and  Id.  the 
pound.  I  didn't  do  no  good  in  any  of  Yin  ; 
1*.  a  day  on  'em  was  the  topper,  for  all  the  half 
profits.  I'll  not  touch  'em  again  if  I  aint 

re  are  a  few  costers  who  sell    tolerable 

uit,  but  not  to  any  extent 
old  couple   I    have  alluded  to  stand  all 

.r  round  at  the  corner  of  a  street  running 
into  a  great  city  thoroughfare.     They  arc  sup- 
plied with  their  1:  i. ild,  through  Un- 
friendliness of  a  grocer  who  charp 
and  sometimes  makes  a  sacrifice  for  their  1 
Aa  I   waa  told  that  this  old  couple  would  not 
like  inquiries  to  be  made  of  them,   I  at  once 
desisted. 

:<.•  are  sometimes  twenty  costermongcrs 
selling  nothing  but  dry  fruit,  luit  m< 

y  only  ten,  and  sometimes  only  five ; 
while,  perhaps  from  300  to  400  sell  a  few 
Sg»,  &c.,  with  other  things,  such  as  late  apples, 


the  dry  fruit  being  then  used  "just  as  a  fill 
up." 

According  to  the  returns  before  given,  the 
gross  quantity  of  dry  fruit  disposed  of  yearly  in 
the  streets  of  London  may  be  stated  as  follows : 

7,000  Ibs.  of  shell  almonds, 
37,800  „      raisins, 

24,300  „      figs, 

4,200  „      prunes. 

OF  THE  STREET-SALE  OF  VEGETABLES. 

THE  seller  of  fruit  in  the  streets  confines  his 
traffic  far  more  closely  to  fruit,  than  does  the 
vegetable- dealer  to  vegetables.  Within  theso 
three  or  four  years  many  street- traders  sell  only 
fruit  the  year  through ;  but  the  purveyor  of 
vegetables  now  usually  sells  fish  with  his  cab- 
bages, turnips,  cauliflowers,  or  other  garden 
stuff.  The  fish  that  he  carries  out  on  his  round 
generally  consists  of  soles,  mackerel,  or  fresh 
or  salt  herrings.  This  combination  of  the  street- 
green-grocer  and  street-fishmonger  is  called  a 
general  dealer." 

The  general  dealers  are  usually  accompanied 
by  boys  (as  I  have  elsewhere  shown),  and  some- 
times by  their  wives.  If  a  woman  be  a  general 
dealer,  she  is  mostly  to  be  found  at  a  stall  or 
standing,  and  not  "  going  a  round." 

The  general  dealer  "  works "  everything 
through  the  season.  He  generally  begins  the 
year  with  sprats  or  plaice  :  then  he  deals  in 
soles  until  the  month  of  May.  After  this  he 
takes  to  mackerel,  haddocks,  or  red  herrings. 
Next  he  trades  in  strawberries  or  raspberries. 
From  these  he  will  turn  to  <;reen  and  ripe  goose- 
berries ;  thence  he  will  go  to  cherries ;  from 
cherries  he  will  change  to  red  or  white  cur- 
rants ;  from  them  to  plums  or  green-gages,  and 
from  them  again  to  apples  and  pears,  and  dam- 
sons. After  these  he  mostly  "works"  a  few 
vegetables,  and  continues  with  them  until  the 
fish  season  begins  again.  Some  general  dealers 
occasionally  trade  in  sweetmeats,  but  this  is  not 
usual,  and  is  looked  down  upon  by  the  "  trade." 

"  I  am  a  general  dealer,"  said  one  of  the 
better  class ;  "  my  missis  is  in  the  same  line  as 
myself,  and  sells  everything  Uiat  I  do  (barring 
gn.cn  stuff.)  She  follows  me  always  in  what 
1  sell.  She  has  a  stall,  and  sits  at  the  corner  of 
the  street  I  have  got  three  children.  The 
eldest  is  ten,  and  goes  out  with  me  to  call  my 
goods  for  me.  I  have  had  inflammation  in  the 
and  when  1  call  my  goods  for  a  little 
while  my  voice  leaves  me.  My  missis  is  lame. 
down  a  cellar,  when  a  child,  and  injured 
her  hip.  Last  October  twelvemonth  I  was  laid 
up  with  cold,  which  settled  on  my  lungs,  and 
laid  m<-  in  my  bed  fora  month.  My 
me  all  that  time.  She  was  '  working 
herrings;  and  if  it  hadn't  been  for  her  we  must 
all  have  gone  into  the  workhouse.  We  are  doing 
very  badly  now.  I  have  no  work  to  do.  I  h«\ve 
no  stock-money  to  work  with,  and  I  object  to 

ry  It.  6(1.  a  week  for  the  loan  of  10*.     <>.,.«• 
gare  a  man  1*.  (\<l.  a  •  n  months  in 

the  loan  of  10*.,  and  that  nearly  did  me  up.      I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


have  had  8s.  of  the  same  party  since,  and  paid 
Is.  a  week  for  eight  weeks  for  the  loan  of  it. 
I  consider  it  most  extortionate  to  have  to  pay 
2d.  a  day  for  the  loan  of  8s.,  and  won't  do  it. 
When  the  season  gets  a  hit  better  I  shall  borrow 
a  shilling  of  one  friend  and  a  shilling  of  another, 
and  then  muddle  on  with  as  much  stock-money 
as  I  can  scrape  together.  My  missis  is  at  home 
now  doing  nothing.  Last  week  it's  impossible 
to  say  what  she  took,  for  we're  obliged  to  buy 
victuals  and  firing  with  it  as  we  take  it.  She 
can't  go  out  charing  on  account  of  her  hip. 
When  she  is  out,  and  I  am  out,  the  children 
play  about  in  the  streets.  Only  last  Saturday 
week  she  was  obligated  to  take  the  shoes  off  her 
feet  to  get  the  children  some  victuals.  We  owe 
two  weeks'  rent,  and  the  landlord,  though  I've 
lived  in  the  house  five  years,  is  as  sharp  as  if 
I  was  a  stranger." 

"  Why,  sir,"  said  another  vegetable- dealer,  who 
wasarobust-looking  young  man,  very  clean  in  his 
person,  and  dressed  in  costermonger  corduroy, 
"  I  can  hardly  say  what  my  business  is  worth  to 
me,  for  I'm  no  scholard.  I  was  brought  up  to 
the  business  by  my  mother.  I've  a  middling 
connection,  and  perhaps  clear  3s.  a  day,  every 
fine  day,  or  15s.  or  16s.  a  week;  but  out  of  that 
there's  my  donkey  to  keep,  which  I  suppose  costs 
6d.  a  day,  that's  seven  sixpences  off.  Wet  or 
fine,  she  must  be  fed,  in  coorse.  So  must  I ; 
but  I've  only  myself  to  keep  at  present,  and  I 
hire  a  lad  when  I  want  one.  I  work  my  own 
trap.  Then  things  is  so  uncertain.  Why,  now, 
look  here,  sir.  Last  Friday,  I  think  it  was — 
but  that  don't  matter,  for  it  often  happens — fresh 
herrings  was  4s.  the  500  in  the  morning,  and 
Is.  6d.  at  night,  so  many  had  come  in.  I  buy 
at  Billingsgate-market,  and  sometimes  of  a 
large  shopkeeper,  and  at  Covent-garden  and  the 
Borough.  If  I  lay  out  7s.  in  a  nice  lot  of  cab- 
bages, I  may  sell  them  for  10s.  6d.,  or  if  it  isn't 
a  lucky  day  with  me  for  8s.,  or  less.  Sometimes 
people  won't  buy,  as  if  the  cholera  was  in  the 
cabbages.  Then  turnips  isn't  such  good  sale  yet, 
but  they  may  be  soon,  for  winter's  best  for  them. 
There's  morebilings  then  than  there's  roastings, 
I  think.  People  like  broth  in  cold  weather.  I 
buy  turnips  by  the  'tally.'  A  tally's  five  dozen 
bunches.  There's  no  confinement  of  the  number 
to  a  bunch  ;  it's  by  their  size ;  I've  known 
twelve,  and  I've  known  twice  that.  I  sell  three 
parts  of  the  turnips  at  Id.  a  bunch,  and  the  other 
part  at  1  \d.  If  I  get  them  at  3s.  6d.  the  tally  I 
do  well  on  turnips.  I  go  the  same  rounds  pretty 
regularly  every  day,  or  almost  every  day.  I  don't 
object  to  wet  weather  so  much,  because  women 
don't  like  to  stir  out  then,  and  so  they'll  buy  of 
me  as  I  pass.  Carrots  I  do  little  in  ;  they're  dear, 
but  they'll  be  cheaper  in  a  month  or  two.  They 
always  are.  I  don't  work  on  Sundays.  If  I 
did,  I'd  get  a  jacketing.  Our  chaps  would  say  : 
'  Well,  you  are  a  scurf.  You  have  a  round  ;  give 
another  man  a  Sunday  chance.'  A  gentleman 
once  said  to  me,  when  I  was  obligated  to  work  on 
a  Sunday :  '  Why  don't  you  leave  it  off,  when 
you  know  it  ain't  right?'  'Well,  sir,'  said  I, 


and  he  spoke  very  kind  to  me,  'well,  sir,  I'm 
working  for  my  dinner,  and  if  you'll  give  me  4*. 
or  3s.  6d.,  I'll  tumble  to  your  notion  and  drop  it, 
and  I'll  give  you  these  here  cowcumbers,'  (I  was 
working  cowcumbers  at  that  time)  '  to  do  what 
you  like  with,  and  they  cost  me  half- a- crown.' 
In  potatoes  I  don't  do  a  great  deal,  and  it's  no 
great  trade.  If  I  did,  I  should  buy  at  the 
warehouses  in  Tool ey- street,  wnere  they  are 
sold  in  sacks  of  1  cwt.  ;  150  Ibs.  and  200  Ibs., 
at  2s.  9d.  and  3s.  the  cwt  I  sell  mine,  tidy 
ood,  at  3  pound  2d.,  and  a  halfpenny  a  pound, 
jut  as  I  don't  do  much,  not  a  bushel  a  day,  I  bir 
at  market  by  the  bushel  at  from  Is.  6d.  to  2s.  I 
never  uses  slangs.  I  sold  three  times  as  many 
potatoes  as  I  do  now  four  years  back.  I  don't 
know  why,  'cept  it  be  that  the  rot  set  people  again 
them,  and  their  taste's  gone  another  way.  I  sell 
a  few  more  greens  than  I  did,  but  not  many 
Spinach  I  don't  do  only  a  little  in  it  Celery 
I'm  seldom  able  to  get  rid  on.  It's  more  women's 
work.  Ing-uns  the  same." 

I  may  add  that  I  found  the  class,  who  con- 
fined their  business  principally  to  the  sale  of 
vegetables,  the  dullest  of  all  the  costermongers. 
Any  man  may  labour  to  make  1*.  6d.  of  cab. 
bages  or  turnips,  which  cost  him  Is.,  when  the 
calculation  as  to  the  relative  proportion  of  mea- 
sures, &c.  is  beyond  his  comprehension. 

Pursuing  the  same  mode  of  calculation  as  hat 
been  heretofore  adopted,  we  find  that  the  abso- 
lute quantity  of  vegetables  sold  in  the  London 
streets  by  the  costers  is  as  follows : 

20,700,000  Ibs.  of  potatoes  (home  grown) 
39,800,000  „  (foreign) 

23,760,133  cabbages, 
3,264,800  turnips, 
616,666  junks  of  turnip  tops, 
601,000  carrots, 

567,300  brocoli  and  cauliflowers, 
219,000  bushels  of  peas, 

8,893  „         beans, 

22,110  „         french  beans, 

25,608  dozens  of  vegetable  marrows, 

489  dozen  bundles  of  asparagus, 
9,120  „         rhubarb, 

4,350          „         celery, 
561,600  lettuces, 

13,291  dozen  hands  of  radishes, 
499,533  bushels  of  onions, 
23,600  dozen  bunches  of  spring  onions, 
10,920  bushels  of  cucumbers, 
3,290  dozen  bunches  of  herbs. 

OF  THE  "ARISTOCRATIC"  VEGETABLE-SALE. 

IN  designating  these  dealers  I  use  a  word  nol 
uncommon  among  the  costermongers.  These 
aristocratic  sellers,  who  are  not  one  in  twenty, 
or  perhaps  in  twenty-five,  of  the  whole  body  of 
costermongers,  are  generally  men  of  superior 
manners  and  better  dressed  than  their  brethren. 
The  following  narrative,  given  to  me  by  one  of 
the  body,  shows  the  nature  of  the  trade  : — 

"  It  depends  a  good  deal  upon  the  season  and 
the  price,  as  to  what  I  begin  with  in  the  '  haris- 
tocratic'  way.  My  rounds  are  always  in  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


97 


TIM:  OUBH  BTBEB1  H.I  i.i.i: 

uigc« — two  a  | 


fo.   7. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AM)  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


suburbs.  I  sell  neither  in  the  streets,  nor  squares 
in  town.  I  like  it  best  where  there  are  detached 
villas,  and  best  of  all  where  there  are  kept  mis- 
tresses. They  are  the  best  of  all  customers  to  men 
like  me.  We  talk  our  customers  over  among 
ourselves,  and  generally  know  who's  who.  One 
way  by  which  we  know  the  kept  ladies  is,  they 
never  sell  cast-off  clothes,  as  some  ladies  do,  for 
new  potatoes  or  early  peas.  Now,  my  worst 
customers,  as  to  price,  are  the  ladies — or  gentle- 
men—  they're  both  of  a  kidney — what  keeps 
fashionable  schools.  They  are  the  people  to 
drive  a  bargain,  but  then  they  buy  largely. 
Some  buy  entirely  of  costermongers.  There's 
one  gent  of  a  school-keeper  buys  so  much  and 
knows  so  well  what  o'clock  it  is,  that  I'm  satis- 
lied  he  saves  many  a  pound  a  year  by  buying  of 
us  'stead  of  the  greengrocers. 

"  Perhaps  I  begin  the  season  in  the  haristo- 
cratic  way,  with  early  lettuces  for  salads.  I 
carry  my  goods  in  handsome  baskets,  and  some- 
times with  a  boy,  or  a  boy  and  a  girl,  to  help 
me.  I  buy  my  lettuces  by  the  score  (of  heads) 
when  first  in,  at  Is.  fid.,  and  sell  them  at  \\d. 
each,  which  is  Is.  profit  on  a  score.  I  have  sold 
twenty,  and  I  once  sold  thirty  score,  that  way 
111  a  day.  The  profit  on  the  thirty  was  2/.  5s., 
but  out  of  that  I  had  to  pay  three  boys,  for  I 
took  three  with  me,  and  our  expenses  was  7*. 
But  you  must  consider,  sir,  that  this  is  a  pre- 
carious trade.  Such  goods  are  delicate,  and 

f  they  don't  go  off.  I  give  credit  some- 
times, if  anybody  I  know  says  he  has  no  change. 
I  never  lost  nothing 

.en  there's  grass  (asparagus),  and  that's 
often  good  money.  I  buy  all  mine  at  Covent- 
garden,  where  it's  sold  in  bundles,  according  to 
the  earlincss  of  the  season,  at  from  5s.  to  Is., 
containing  from  six  to  ten  dozen  squibs  (heads). 
These  you  have  to  take  home,  untie,  cut  off  the 
scraggy  ends,  trim,  and  scrape,  and  make  them 
Children  help  me  to  do  this  in  the  court 
where  I  live.  1  give  them  a  few  ha'pence, 

M  they'pe  eager  enough  to  do  it  for  nothing 
but  the  fun.  I've  had  10*.  worth  made  ready 
in  half  an  hour. 

.1,  now,  sir,  about  grass,  there's  not  a 
coster  in  London,  I'm  sure,  ever  tasted  it ;  and 
how  it's  eaten  puzzles  us."  [I  explained  the 
manner  in  which  asparagus  was  brought  to 
table.]  "  That's  the  ticket,  is  it,  sir  ?  Well,  I 
wa»  once  at  the  Surrey,  and  there  was  some 
macaroni  eaten  on  the  stage,  and  1  thought 
grass  was  eaten  in  the  same  way,  perhaps ; 
swallowed  like  one  o'clock,"  [rather  a  favourite 
comparison  among  the  coster*.] 

ive  the  grass— it's  always  called,  when 

•)  the  streets,  '  Spar-row  gra-au' — tied  up 
m  bundles  of  a  dozen,  twelve  to  a  dozen,  or  one 
over,  and  for  these  I  never  expect  less  than  6d. 

three  or  fou:  •.  in  a  neat  > 

«»k  'it.  M.,  and  never  take  less  than  1*.  34     I 

ilkcd   thirty-five   miles  with  grass,  and 

have  oft  enough  been  thirty  miles.     1  made  7*. 

and  next  day  or  two  perhaps 

,j,  or  may- be  had  but  one  cu  storm 


sold  half-crown  lots,  on  a  Saturday  night,  far  a 
sixpence ;  and  it  was  sold  some  time  back  at 
2d.  a  bundle,  in  the  New  Cut,  to  poor  people. 
I  dare  say  some  as  bought  it  had  been  maid- 
servants and  understood  it  I've  raffled  5*. 
worth  of  grass  in  the  parlour  of  a  respectable 
country  inn  of  an  evening. 

"  The  costers  generally  buy  new  potatoes  at 
4s.  to  5s.  the  bushel,  and  cry  them  at  '  three- 
pound-tuppence  ;'  but  I've  given  7*.  a  bushel, 
for  choice  and  early,  and  sold  them  at  2rf.  a 
pound.  It's  no  great  trade,  for  the  bushel  may 
weigh  only  50  lb.,  and  at  2d.  a  pound  that's 
only  8s.  4d.  The  schools  don't  buy  at  all  until 
they're  Id.  the  pound,  and  don't  buy  in  any 
quantity  until  they're  Is.  6d.  the  25  lb.  One 
day  a  school  'stonished  me  by  giving  me  2s.  6d. 
for  25  lb.,  which  is  the  general  weight  of  the 
half  bushel.  Perhaps  the  master  had  taken  a 
drop  of  something  short  that  morning.  The 
schools  are  dreadful  screws,  to  be  sure. 

"  Green  peas,  early  ones,  I  don't  buy  when 
they  first  come  in,  for  then  they're  very  dear,  but 
when  they're  4s.  or  3*.  6rf.  a  bushel,  "and  that's 
pretty  soon.  I  can  make  five  pecks  of  a  bushel. 
Schools  don't  touch  peas  'till  they're  2s.  a  bushel. 

"  Cowcumbers  were  an  aristocratic  sale.  Four 
or  five  years  ago  they  were  looked  upon,  when 
first  in,  and  with  a  beautiful  bloom  upon  them, 
as  the  finest  possible  relish.  But  the  cholera 
came  in  1849,  and  everybody — 'specially  the 
women — thought  the  cholera  was  in  cowcumbers, 
and  I've  known  cases,  foreign  and  English,  sent 
from  the  Borough  Market  for  manure. 

"  I  sell  a  good  many  mushrooms.  I  some- 
times can  pick  up  a  cheap  lot  at  Covent  Garden. 
I  make  them  up  in  neat  sieves  of  three  dozen  to 
eight  dozen  according  to  size,  and  I  have  sold 
them  at  4s.  the  sieve,  and  made  half  that  on 
each  sieve  I  sold.  They  are  down  to  Is.  or  1*. 
6d.  a  sieve  very  soon. 

"  Green  walnuts  for  pickling  I  sell  a  quantity 
of.  One  day  I  sold  20s.  worth— half  profit— I 
got  them  so  cheap,  but  that  was  an  exception. 
I  sold  them  cheap  too.  One  lady  has  bought  a 
bushel  and  a  half  at  a  time.  For  walnut 
catsup  the  refuse  of  the  walnut  is  used;  it's 
picked  up  in  the  court,  where  I've  got  children 
or  poor  fellows  for  a  few  ha'pence  or  a  pint  of 
beer  to  help  me  to  peel  the  walnuts." 

OF  ONION  SELLING  IN   i  TS. 

ile  of  onions  in  the  streets  is  immenst 
They  are  now  sold  at  the  markets  at  an  average 
of  2*.  a  bushel.  Two  years  ago  they  were  1*., 
and  they  have  been  4s.  and  up  to  7*.  the  bushel. 
They  are  now  twisted  into  "  ropes"  for  street  sale. 
Tin-  ropes  are  of  straw,  into  which  the  roots  are 
platted,  and  r.ough,  so  that  the 

ropes  can  be  hung  up ;  these  have  superseded 
the  netted  onions,  formerly  sold  by  tin-  .lew  boys. 
r.  is  done  rapidly  by  the 

women,  and  a  straw-bonnet-maker  described  it 
to  roe  as  somewhat  after  the  mode  of  her  trade, 
only  that  the  top,  or  projecting  portion 
stem  of  the  onion,  was  twisted  within  the  straw 

II   J 


100 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


instead  of  its  being  plaited  close  and  flat  toge- 
ther. The  trade  in  rope  onions  is  almost  entirely 
in  the  hands  of  the  Irish  women  and  girls. 
There  are  now,  it  is  said,  from  800  to  1000  per- 
sons engaged  in  it.  Onion  selling  can  he  started 
on  a  small  amount  of  capital,  from  6d.  to  1*., 
which  is  no  doubt  one  inducement  for  those  poor 
persons  to  resort  to  it.  The  sixpenny  ropes, 
bunches,  or  strings  (I  heard  each  word  applied), 
contain  from  three  to  four  dozen;  the  penny 
bunches,  from  six  to  twenty  roots,  according  to 
size;  and  the  intermediate  and  higher  priced 
bunches  in  proportion.  Before  Christmas,  a  good 
many  shilling  lots  are  sold.  Among  the  coster- 
mongers  I  heard  this  useful  root  —  which  the 
learned  in  such  matters  have  pronounced  to  be, 
along  with  the  mushroom,  the  foundation  of  every 
sauce,  ancient  or  modern — called  ing-guns,  ing- 
ans,  injens,  injyeus,  inions,  innons,  almost  every- 
thing  but  onions. 

An  Irishwoman,  apparently  of  thirty-five,  but 
in  all  probability  younger — she  did  not  know 
her  age — gave  me  the  following  account.  Her 
face,  with  its  strongly-marked  Irish  features,  was 
almost  purpled  from  constant  exposure  to  the 
weather.  She  was  a  teetotaller.  She  was  com- 
municative and  garrulous,  even  beyond  the 
average  of  her  countrywomen.  She  was  decently 
clad,  had  been  in  London  fifteen  years  (she 
thought)  having  been  brought  from  Ireland,  vid 
Bristol,  by  her  parents  (both  dead).  She  herself 
was  a  widow,  her  husband,  "  a  bricklayer"  she 
called  him  (probably  a  bricklayer's  labourer), 
having  died  of  the  cholera  in  1849.  I  take  up 
her  statement  from  that  period  : 

"  Yes,  indeed,  sir,  he  died — the  heavins  be  his 

bedj — and  he  was  prepared  by  Father  M . 

We  had  our  thrials  togither,  but  sore's  been  the 
cross  and  heavy  the  burthin  since  it  plased  God 
to  call  him.  Thin,  there's  the  two  childer, 
Biddy  and  Ned.  They'll  be  tin  and  they'll  be 
eight  come  their  next  burreth-days,  'plase  the 
Lorrud.  They  can  hilp  me  now,  they  can.  They 
sells  ing-uns  as  well.  I  ropes  'em  for  'em.  How 
is  ing-uns  roped?  Shure,  thin — but  it's  not 
mocking  me  your  'onnur  is — shure,  thin,  a  gin- 
tleman  like  you,  that  can  write  like  a  horrus  a- 
galloping,  and  perhaps  is  as  lamed  as  a  praste, 
glory  be  to  God !  must  know  how  to  rope  ing-uns ! 
Poor  people  can  do  it.  Some  say  it's  a  sacrit, 
but  that's  all  a  say,  or  there  couldn't  be  so  many 
ropes  a-silling.  I  buy  the  sthraw  at  a  sthraw- 
da.er's;  twopinn'orth  at  a  time;  that'll  make 
six  or  twilve  ropes,  according  to  what  they  are, 
six  pinny  or  what.  It's  as  sthraight  as  it  can  be 
grown,  the  sthraw,  that  it  is  indeed.  Och,  sir, 
we've  had  many's  the  black  day,  me  and  the 
i:hilder,  poor  things ;  it's  thim  I  care  about,  but 
— God's  name  be  praised  ! — we've  got  on  some- 
how. Another  poor  woman — she's  a  widdur  too, 
hilp  her  ! — and  me  has  a  2s.  room  for  the  two  of 
us.  We've  our  siprate  furnithur.  She  has  only 
hersilf,  but  is  fond  of  the  childer,  as  you  or  your 
ady — bliss  her!  if  you've  got  one — might  be,  if 
you  was  with  them.  I  can  read  a  little  mysilf, 
At  laste  I  could  oncte,  and  I  gits  them  a  bit  o'  [ 


schoolin'  now  and  thin,  whin  I  can,  of  an  evenin 
mostly.  I  can't  write  a  letther ;  I  wish  I  could. 
Shure,  thin,  sir,  I'll  tell  you  the  thruth — we  doei 
best  on  ing-uns.  Oranges  is  nixt,  and  nuts  isn't 
near  so  good.  The  three  of  us  now  makes  J*. 
and  sometimes  1*.  6d.  a  day,  and  that's  grand 
doin's.  We  may  sill  bechuxt  us  from  two  to 
three  dozin  ropes  a  day.  I'm  quick  at  roping 
the  ing-uns.  I  never  noted  how  many  ropes  an 
hour.  I  buy  them  of  a  thradesman,  an  honist 
gintleman,  I  know,  and  I  see  him  at  mass  ivery 
Sunday,  and  he  gives  me  as  many  as  he  can  for 
1*.  or  what  it  is.  We  has  Id.,  plase  God,  on  ivery 
6d. ;  yis,  sir,  perhaps  more  sometimes.  I'll  not 
tell  your  'onnur  a  bit  of  a  lie.  And  so  we  now 
get  a  nice  bit  o'  fish,  with  a  bit  of  h  «er  on  a 
Sunday.  I  sell  to  the  thradesmen,  and  the  lodgers 
of  them,  about  here  (Tottenham-court-road),  and 
in  many  other  parruts,  for  we  thravels  a  dale. 
The  childer  always  goes  the  same  round.  We 
follows  one  another.  I've  sould  in  the  sthreets 
ever  since  I've  been  in  this  counthry." 

The  greatest  sum  of  money  expended  by  the 
poor  upon  any  vegetable  (after  potatoes)  is  spent 
upon  onions — 99,900/.  being  annually  devoted 
to  the  purchase  of  that  article.  To  those  who 
know  the  habits  of  the  poor,  this  will  appear  in 
no  way  singular — a  piece  of  bread  and  an  onion 
being  to  the  English  labourer  what  bread  and 
an  apple  or  a  bunch  of  grapes  is  to  the  French 
peasant — often  his  dinner. 

OP  POT-HERBS  AND  CELERY. 

I  use  the  old  phrase,  pot-torbs,  for  such  pro- 
ductions as  sage,  thyme,  mint,  parsley,  sweet 
marjoram,  fennel,  (though  the  last  is  rarely  sold 
by  the  street- people),  &c.  ;  but  "  herbs"  is  the 
usual  term.  More  herbs,  such  as  agrimony, 
balm  (balsam),  wormwood,  tansy,  &c.,  used  to 
be  sold  in  the  streets.  These  were  often  used  foi 
"  teas,"  medicinally  perhaps,  except  tansy,  which, 
being  a  strong  aromatic,  was  used  to  flavoui 
puddings.  Wormwood,  too,  was  often  bought  to 
throw  amongst  woollen  fabrics,  as  a  protective 
against  the  attack  of  moths. 

The  street  herb-trade  is  now  almost  entirely 
in  the  hands  of  Irishwomen,  and  is  generally 
carried  on  during  the  autumn  and  winter  at 
stalls.  With  it,  is  most  commonly  united  the 
sale  of  celery.  The  herbs  are  sold  at  the  several 
markets,  usually  in  shilling  lots,  but  a  quarter 
of  a  shilling  lot  may  be  purchased.  The  Irish- 
woman pursues  a  simple  method  of  business. 
What  has  cost  her  1*.  she  divides  into  24  lots, 
each  of  Id.,  or  she  will  sell  half  of  a  lot  for  a 
halfpenny.  An  Irishwoman  said  to  me  : 

"  Thrade  isn't  good,  sir ;  it  falls  and  it  falls. 
I  don't  sell  so  many  herrubs  or  so  much  ciliry 
as  I  did  whin  mate  was  higher.  Poor  people  thin, 
I've  often  been  said  it,  used  to  buy  bones  and 
bile  them  for  broth  with  ciliry  and  the  beautiful 
herrubs.  Now  they  buys  a  bit  of  mate  and  ates 
it  without  brothing.  It's  good  one  way  and  it's 
bad  another.  Only  last  Sathurday  night  my  hus- 
band— and  a  good  husband  he's  to  me,  though 
he  is  a  London  man,  for  he  knows  how  to  maL* 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


101 


a  bargain — he  bought  a  bit  of  mutton,  afore  the 
stroke  of  twilve,  in  Newgit-markit,  at  2\d. 
the  pound.  I  don't  know  what  parrut  it  was.  I 
don't  understand  that,  but  he  does,  and  tills  me 
how  to  cook  it.  He  has  worruk  at  the  docks,  but 
not  very  rigular.  I  think  I  sill  most  parrusley. 
Whin  frish  herrings  is  chape,  some  biles  them 
with  parrusley,  and  some  fries  them  with  ing-uns. 
No,  sir;  I  don't  make  sixpence  a  day;  not  half- 
a- crown  a  week,  I'm  shure.  Whin  herrubs  isn't 
in — and  they're  autumn  and  winther  things,  and 
so  is  ciliry — I  sills  anything ;  gooseberries  and 
currints,  or  anything.  If  I'd  had  a  family,  1 
couldn't  have  had  a  shoe  to  my  futt" 

GROSS  VALUE  OF  THE  FRUIT  AND  VEGE- 
TABLES SOLD  ANNUALLY  IN  THE  LO::DON 
STREETS. 

To  complete  the  present  account  of  the  coster- 
monger's  trade,  we  must  now  estimate  the  money 
value  of  the  fruit  and  vegetables  disposed  of  by 
them  throughout  the  year.  The  money  annually 
spent  in  fish  by  the  humbler  portion  of  the  me- 
tropolitan population  comes  to,  as  we  have  seen, 
verv  nearly  one  million  five  hundred  thousand 
pounds  sterling — the  sum  laid  out  in  fruit  and 
vegetables  we  shall  find  is  but  little  more  than  a 
third  of  this  amount 

GREEN  FRUIT. 

377,500  bushels  of  apples,  at  six  a 
penny  or  4s.  per  bush. 
(288  to  the  bushel)  .     .  £75,500 
193,700  bushels  of  pears,  at  5s.  per 

bushel 48,400 

1 ,215,360  Ibs.  of  cherries,  at  Id.  per  Ib.     10,000 
1 1,700  bushels  of  plums,  at  Id.  per 

half  pint 6,270 

100  bushels  of  greengages,    at 

1  \d.  per  half  pint      .     .  80 

548  bushels  of  damsons,  at  \\d. 

per  half  pint     ....  430 

)  bushels  of  bullace,  at  \\d. 

per  half  pint     ....        1,960 
,">00  bushels  of  gooseberries,  at 

3d.  per  quart    ....      83,000 
85,500  sieves  of  red  currants,    at 
Id.  per  pint  (three  half- 
sieves  to  the  bushel)      .      15,300 
13,500  sieves  of  black  currants,  at 
\d.  per  pint  (three  half- 
sieves  to  the  bushel)      .        2,400 
3,000  sieves  of  white  currants,  at 
I//.  JM  r  pint  (three  half- 
neves  to  the  bushel  )    .  530 
763,750  pottle*  of  strawberries,  at 

6,360 
>  pottles  of  raspberries,  at  64. 

perpottl'  40 

30,485  pottles  of  mulberries,  at  64 

.     .  7'. i) 

6,000  bushels   of  hazel   nuts,    at 

\d.  p<-r  half  pint  .     .     .         «,400 

)  lb<.  of  filberts,  at  Sd.  per  Ib  200 

of  grapes,  at  M.  perl  b.  IU) 

20.00-  's,  at6d.  ca,  600 


15,400,000  oranges,  at  two  for  Irf.  .     .      32,000 
154,000  lemons,  at  two  for  Id.    .     .  32C 

24,000  bushels   of    Spanish     and 
Barcelona  nuts,   at  6d. 

per  quart 19,200 

3,000  bushels  of  Brazil  nuts  (1500 
to  the  bushel),  at  fifteen 

for  Id. £1,250 

6,500  bushels  of  chestnuts  (1500 
to  the  bushel),  at  fifteen 

for  Id. 2,700 

24,000  bushels  of  walnuts  (1750  to 

the  bushel),  at  ten  for  Id.      17,500 
400,000   coker-nuts,   at  3d.  each  .       5,000 

Total  expended  yearly  in 

green  fruit       ....  £333,420 

DRY  FRUIT. 
7,000  Ibs.  of  shell  almonds,  at  20 

a  penny  (320  to  the  Ib.)        £460 

37,800  Ibs.  of  raisins,  at  2d.  per  Ib.  300 

24,300  Ibs.  of  figs,  at  2d.  per  Ib.  .  200 

4,800  Ibs.  of  prunes,  at  2d.  per  Ib.  40 

Total  expended  yearly  on 

dry  fruit £1,000 

VEGETABLES. 
60,500,000  Ibs.  of  potatoes,  at  Slbs.  for 

Id £100,800 

23,760,000  cabbages,  at  \d.  each    .     .     49,500 
3,264,800  turnips,  at  \\d.  per  doz.     .        1,700 
601,000  carrots,  at  2\d.  per  doz.     .  520 

567,300  brocoli  and  cauliflowers,  at 

Id.  per  head    ....        2,360 
616,666  junks  of  turnip  tops,  at  4<J. 

per  junk     .    .          .    .      10,270 
219,000  bushels  of  peas,  at  Is.  6d. 

per  bushel 16,420 

8,890  bushels  of  beans,  at  Is.  6d. 

per  bushel 660 

22,110  bushels  of  French  beans,  at 
6d.  per  peck,  or  2*.  per 

bushel 2,210 

25,608  vegetable  marrows,  at  \d. 

each 50 

489  dozen  bundles  of  aspara- 
gus, at  Is.  6d.  per  bundle 
(4<*.  or  6d.  a  doz.  heads)          73) 
9,120  dozen  bundles  of  rhubarb, 

at  2s.  Gd.  per  doz.      .     .        1,14  / 
4,350  dozen  bundles  of  celery,  at 

3d.  per  bundle      .     .     .          66C 
561,602  lettuces,  at  3  a  penny   .     .  781 

1  dozen  hands  of  radishes,  at 
3  bunches  for  Id.,  and 
6  bunches  to  the  hand  .        1,330 
499,530  bushels  of  onions,  at  4*.  per 

bushel 99,900 

10,920  bushels  of  cucumbers,   at 

I./.  (ach(fiOtothebush.)        2,730 
3,290  do/ni  bundles  of  herbs,  at 

a  bundle  ...  490 


Total  expended  yearly  in 
vegetables        .     .     . 


102 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Putting  the  above  sums  together  we  have  the 
following  aggregate  result : — 
Expended  yearly  in  green  fruit      .     .  £333,420 
Expended  yearly  in  dry  fruit       .     .     .      1,000 
Expended  yearly  in  vegetables  .     .     .     292,000 


Gross  sum  taken  annually  by  the^ 

London   costermongers   for  fruit  >  £626,420 
and  vegetables } 


Then  adding  the  above  to  the  gross  amount 
received  by  the  street- sellers  of  fish,  which 
we  have  before  seen  comes  to  as  much  a* 
£1,460,850,  we  have  for  the  annual  income  of 
the  London  costermongers  no  less  a  sum  than 
£2,087,270. 


OP   THE  STATIONARY  STREET-SELLERS  OF  FISH,  FRUIT, 
AND  VEGETABLES. 


OF  THE  NUMBER  OF  STREET  STALLS. 

THUS  far  we  have  dealt  orly  with  the  itinerant 
dealers  in  fish,  fruit,  or  vegetables ;  but  there  are 
still  a  large  class  of  street-sellers,  who  obtain  a 
living  by  tlvs  sale  of  the  same  articles  at  some 
fixed  locality  in  the  public  thoroughfares ;  and 
as  these  differ  from  the  others  in  certain  points, 
they  demand  a  short  special  notice  beT<-.  First, 
as  to  the  number  of  stalls  in  the  streetb  of  Lon- 
don, 1  caused  personal  observations  to  be 
made  ;  and  in  a  walk  of  46  mile."  632  stalls 
were  counted,  which  is  at  the  rate  of  very 
nearly  14  to  the  mile.  This,  too,  vvas  in  bad 
weather, — was  not  on  a  Saturday  night, — and 
at  a  season  when  the  fruit-sellers  all  dec1  are 
that  "  things  is  dull."  The  routes  taken  in 
this  inquiry  were  :  —  No.  1,  from  Vauxhall 
to  Hatton- garden ;  No.  2,  from  Baker-street 
to  Bermondsey  ;  No.  3,  from  Blackwall  to 
Brompton  ;  No.  4,  from  the  Hackney-road 
to  the  Edge  ware- road.  I  give  the  results. 


No.  1. 
„  2. 
„  3. 
„  4. 


F. 

9 

37 
90 
75 


FR. 

28 

50 

153 

52 


v. 

5 

4 

30 

23 


M. 

7 

14 
40 
15 


T. 

49 
105 
313 
165 


211       283         62        76       632 
F.    denotes    fish-stalls  ;    Fr.    fruit-stalls  ;     V. 
vegetable- stalls  ;    M.    miscellaneous  ;    and   T. 
presents  the  total : 

The  miscellaneous  stalls  include  peas-soup, 
pickled  whelks,  sweetmeats,  toys,  tin- ware, 
elder- wine,  and  jewellery  stands.  Of  these,  the 
toy- stalls  were  found  to  be  the  most  numerous ; 
sweetmeats  the  next ;  tin- ware  the  next ;  while 
the  elder- wine  stalls  were  least  numerous. 

Some  of  the  results  indicate,  curiously  enough, 
the  character  of  the  locality.  Thus,  in  Fleet- 
street  there  were  3,  in  the  Haymarket  5,  in 
Regent-street  6,  and  in  Piccadilly  14  fruit- 
stalls,  and  no  fish-s-talls  —  these  streets  not 
being  resorted  to  by  the  poor,  to  whom  fruit 
is  a  luxury,  but  fish  a  necessity.  In  the 
Strand  were  17  fruit  and  2  fish-stalls ;  and  in 
Drury-lane  were  8  stalls  of  fish  to  6  of  fruit. 
On  the  other  hand,  there  were  in  Ratcliflfe-high- 
way,  38  fish  and  23  fruit- stalls ;  in  Rosemary- 
lane,  13  fish  and  8  fruit-stalls;  in  Shoreditch. 


28  fish  and  13  fruit-stalls  ;  and  in  Bethnal- 
green  Road  (the  poorest  district  of  all),  14  oi 
the  fish,  and  but  3  of  the  fruit  stalls.  In  some 
places,  the  numbers  were  equal,  or  nearly  so; 
as  in  the  Minories,  for  instance,  the  City-road, 
the  New- road,  Goodge- street,  Tottenham- court 
Road,  and  the  Camberwell-road ;  while  in 
Smithfield  were  5,  and  in  Cow-cross  2  fish- 
stalls,  and  no  fruit-stalls  at  all.  In  this  enu- 
meration the  street-markets  of  Leather-lane, 
the  New  Cut,  the  Brill,  &c.,  are  not  included. 

The  result  of  this  survey  of  the  principal 
London  thoroughfares  is  that  in  the  mid-route 
(viz.,  from  Brompton,  along  Piccadilly,  the 
Strand,  Fleet-street,  and  so  vid  the  Commercial- 
road  to  Blackwall),  there  are  twice  as  many 
stalls  as  in  the  great  northern  thoroughfare  (that 
is  to  say,  from  Mie  Edgeware-road,  along  the 
New-road,  to  the  Hackney-road) ;  the  latter 
route,  however,  has  more  than  one-third  as  many 
stalls  as  route  No.  2,  and  that  again  more  than 
double  the  number  of  route  No.  1.  Hence  it 
appears  that  the  more  frequented  the  thoreugh- 
fare,  the  greater  the  quantity  of  street- stalls. 

The  number  of  miles  of  streets  contained 
within  the  inner  police  district  of  the  metropolis, 
are  estimated  by  the  authorities  at  2,000  (in- 
cluding the  city),  and  assuming  that  there  are  on 
an  average  only  four  stalls  to  the  mile  throughout 
London,  we  have  thus  a  grand  total  of  8,000  fish, 
fruit,  vegetable,  and  other  stalls  dispersed 
throughout  the  capital. 

Concerning  the  character  of  the  stalls  at  the 
street-markets,  the  following  observations  have 
been  made :  —At  the  New-cut  there  were,  be- 
fore the  removals,  between  the  hours  of  eight 
and  ten  on  a  Saturday  evening,  ranged  along 
the  kerb-stone  on  the  north  side  of  the  road, 
beginning  at  Broad-wall  to  Marsh-gate  (a  dis- 
tance of  nearly  half-a-mile),  a  dense  line  of 
"pitches" — at  77  of  which  were  vegetables  for 
sale,  at  40  fruit,  25  fish,  22  boots  and  shoes,  14 
eatables,  consisting  of  cakes  and  pies,  hot  eels, 
baked  potatoes,  and  boiled  whelks;  10  dealt  in 
nightcaps,  lace,  ladies'  collars,  artificial  flowers, 
silk  and  straw  bonnets  ;  10  in  tinware— such  as 
saucepans,  tea-kettles,  and  Dutch-ovens ;  9  in 
crockery  and  glass,  7  in  brooms  and  brushes^  5 
in  poultry  and  rabbits,  6  in  paper,  books,  songs 
and  almanacs  ;  and  about  60  in  sundries. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


103 


OF  THE  CHARACTER  OF  THE  STREET-STALLS. 

THE  stalls  occupied  by  costermongers  for  the 
sale  of  fish,  fniit,  vegetables,  £c.,  are  chiefly 
constructed  of  a  double  cross-trestle  or  moveable 
frame,  or  else  of  two  trestles,  each  with  three 
legs,  upon  which  is  laid  a  long  deal  board,  or  tray. 
Some  of  the  stalls  consist  merely  of  a  few  boards 
resting  upon  two  baskets,  or  upon  two  herring- 
barrels.  The  fish-stalls  are  mostly  covered  with 
paper— generally  old  newspapers  or  periodicals — 
but  some  of  the  street- fishmongers,  instead  of 
using  paper  to  display  their  fish  upon,  have  intro- 
duced a  thin  marble  slab,  which  gives  the  stall 
a  cleaner,  and,  what  they  consider  a  high  attri- 
bute, a  "respectable"  appearance. 

t  of  the  fruit-stalls  are,  in  the  winter 
time,  fitted  up  with  an  apparatus  for  roasting 
apples  and  chestnuts ;  this  generally  consists  of 
an  old  saucepan  with  a  fire  inside ;  and  the 
woman  who  vends  them,  huddled  up  in  her  old 
faded  shawl  or  cloak,  often  presents  a  picturesque 
appearance,  in  the  early  evening,  or  in  a  fog, 
with  the  gleam  of  the  fire  lighting  up  her  half 
somnolent  figure.  Within  the  last  two  or  three 
years,  however,  there  has  been  so  large  a  business 
carried  on  in  roasted  chestnuts,  that  it  has 
become  a  distinct  street-trade,  and  the  vendors 
have  provided  themselves  with  an  iron  apparatus, 
large  enough  to  roast  nearly  half  a  bushel  at  a 
time.  At  the  present  time,  however,  the  larger 
apparatus  is  less  common  in  the  streets,  and 
more  frequent  in  the  shops,  than  in  the  previous 
winter. 

There  are,  moreover,  peculiar  kinds  of  stalls — 
such  as  the  hot  eels  and  hot  peas-soup  stalls, 
•  tin  oval  pots,  with  a  small  chafing-dish 
containing  a  charcoal  fire  underneath  each,  to 
keep  the  eels  or  soup  hot  The  early  breakfast 
stall  has  two  capacious  tin  cans  filled  with  tea  or 

kept  hot  by  the  means  before  described, 
and  some  are  lighted  up  by  two  or  three  large 
oil-lamps  ;  the  majority  of  these  stalls,  in  the 
winter  time,  are  sheltered  from  the  wind  by  a 

made  out  of  an  old  clothes  horse  covered 
with  tarpaulin.  The  cough-drop  stand,  with  its 
distilling  apparatus  the  tin  worm  curling  nearly 
the  wl.  f  the  tray,  has  but  late 

introduced.  'nil    is    fitted   up  with   a 

target  at  the  back  of  it  The  ginger-beer  stand 
may  be  seen  in  almost  every  street,  with  its 

i -polished   mahogany   frame   and   bright 
polished  taps,  and  its  foot -bath- shaped  r< 
of  wat  glasses.     The  hot  elder 

wine  stand,  with  its  bright  brass  urn*,  is  equally 
popular. 

The  sellers  of  plum-pudding,  "cake»  a 

."  sweetmeats,  cough-- 

jewellery,  chimn-  .  and    tablc- 

spoons,  make  use  of  a  table  cover* 

•  wspapem,  or  a  piece  of  oil-doth. 
upon  which  are  exposed  the:;  |  sale. 

ual    charat  • 
stall*. 

•  •  frade. 

.ost  important  ot  '  baked- 


potatoe  can,  and  the  meat-pie  stand,  I  have 
before  described,  p.  27. 

The  other  means  adopted  by  the  street-sellers 
for  the  exhibition  of  their  various  goods  at 
certain  "pitches"  or  fixed  localities  are  as 
follows.  Straw  bonnets,  boys'  caps,  women's 
caps,  and  prints,  are  generally  arranged  for  sale 
in  large  umbrellas,  placed  "  upside  down." 
Haberdashery,  with  rolls  of  ribbons,  edgings, 
and  lace,  some  street-sellers  display  on  a  stall ; 
whilst  others  have  a  board  at  the  edge  of  the 
pavement,  and  expose  their  wares  upon  it  as 
tastefully  as  they  can.  Old  shoes,  patched  up 
and  well  blacked,  ready  for  the  purchaser's  feet, 
and  tinware,  are  often  ranged  upon  the  ground,  or, 
where  the  stock  is  small,  a  stall  or  table  is  used. 

Many  stationary  street- sellers  use  merely 
baskets,  or  trays,  either  supported  in  their  hand, 
or  on  their  arm,  or  else  they  are  strapped  round 
their  loins,  or  suspended  round  their  necks. 
These  are  mostly  fruit-women,  watercress,  black- 
ing, congreves,  sheep's- trotters,  and  ham-sand- 
wich sellers. 

Many  stationary  street- sellers  stand  on  or  near 
the  bridges  ;  others  near  the  steam-packet  wharfs 
or  the  railway  terminuses ;  a  great  number  of 
them  take  their  pitch  at  the  entrance  to  a  court, 
or  at  the  corners  of  streets ;  and  stall-keepers 
with  oysters  stand  opposite  the  doors  of  public- 
houses. 

It  is  customary  for  a  street-seller  who  wants 
to  "  pitch"  in  a  new  locality  to  solicit  the  leave 
of  the  housekeeper,  opposite  whose  premises  he 
desires  to  place  his  stall.  Such  leave  obtained, 
no  other  course  is  necessary. 

OF  FRUIT-STALL  KEEPERS. 

I  HAD  the  following  statement  from  a  woman 
who  has  "  kept  a  stall  "  in  Marylebone,  at  the 
corner  of  a  street,  which  she  calls  "  my  corner," 
for  38  years.  I  was  referred  to  her  as  a  curious 
type  of  the  class  of  stall-keepers,  and  on  my 
visit,  found  her  daughter  at  the  "pitch."  This 
daughter  had  all  the  eloquence  which  is  attrac- 
tive in  a  street-seller,  and  so,  I  found,  had  lu-r 
mother  when  she  joined  us.  Thry  arc  profuse 
in  blessings;  and  on  a  bystander  observing, 
when  he  heard  the  name  of  these  street - 
that  a  jockey  of  that  name  had  won  the  I 
lately,  the  daughter  exclaimed,  "  To  be  sure  he 
did;  he's  my  own  uncle's  relation,  and  what  a 
lot  of  money  came  into  the  family  !  llless  God 
for  all  tilings,  and  bless  every  body!  "Walnuts, 
sir.  walnuts,  a  penny  a  do/.rn  !  Wouldn't  gi\c 
you  a  bad  one  for  the  world,  which  is  .1 
tiling  for  a  poor  'oinan  for  to  oiler  to  do."  The 
iln  sved  in  a  drab  great-coat,  which 

i    her    whole    person.      NMien    I    saw    the 
mothi  ;.  -la  similar  great-coat,  as  she 

was  on  her  way  to  the  stall  ;    and  she  used  it  as 

<in  their"  mufls,   burying   her   hands  in  it. 
The  mother's  dark-rolovm'd  i-hl  olotllM  seemed, 
to  borrow  a  «. 
flung  on    wilh   a  pitchfork.     These  t\vo   I 

toning 


104 


LONDON  LABOUR  AtiD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


them ;  but  after  a  little  while,  the  mother  be- 
came not  only  communicative,  but  garrulous, 
conversing — with  no  small  impatience  at  any 
interruption — of  the  doings  of  the  people  in  her 
neighbourhood.  I  was  accompanied  by  an  in- 
telligent costermonger,  who  assured  me  of  his 
certitude  that  the  old  woman's  statement  was 
perfectly  correct,  and  I  found  moreover  from 
Other  inquiries  that  it  was  so. 

"  Well,  sir,"  she  began,  "  what  is  it  that  you 
want  of  me  ?  Do  I  owe  you  anything  ?  There's 
half-pay  officers  about  here  for  no  good ;  what  is 
it  you  want  ?  Hold  your  tongue,  you  young  fool," 
(to  her  daughter,  who  was  beginning  to  speak;) 
"  what  do  you  know  about  it  ?  "  [On  my  satis- 
fying her  that  I  had  no  desire  to  injure  her,  she 
continued,  to  say  after  spitting,  a  common  prac- 
tice with  her  class,  on  a  piece  of  money,  "  for 
luck,"]  "  Certainly,  sir,  that's  very  proper  and 
good.  Aye,  I've  seen  the  world  —  the  town 
world  and  the  country.  I  don't  know  where  I 
was  born  ;  never  mind  about  that — it's  nothing 
to  nobody.  I  don't  know  nothing  about  my 
father  and  mother;  but  I  know  that  afore  I 
was  eleven  I  went  through  the  country  with 
my  missis.  She  was  a  smuggler.  I  didn't 
know  then  what  smuggling  was — bless  you,  sir, 
1  didn't ;  I  knew  no  more  nor  I  know  who 
made  that  lamp-post  I  didn't  know  the 
taste  of  the  stuff  we  smuggled  for  two  years — 
didn't  know  it  from  small  beer;  I've  known 
it  well  enough  since,  God  knows.  My  missis 
made  a  deal  of  money  that  time  at  Dept- 
ford  Dockyard.  The  men  wasn't  paid  and  let 
out  till  twelve  of  a  night — I  hardly  mind  what 
night  it  was,  days  was  so  alike  then — and  they 
was  our  customers  till  one,  two,  or  three  in 
the  morning — Sunday  morning,  for  anything  I 
know.  I  don't  know  what  my  missis  gained; 
something  jolly,  there's  not  a  fear  of  it.  She 
was  kind  enough  to  me.  I  don't  know  how  long 
1  was  with  missis.  After  that  I  was  a  hopping, 
and  made  my  15s.  regular  at  it,  and  a  haymak- 
ing ;  but  I've  had  a  pitch  at  my  corner  for  thirty- 
eight  year— aye  !  turned  thirty-eight.  It's  no 
use  asking  mo  what  I  made  at  first — I  can't  tell; 
but  I'm  sure  I  made  more  than  twice  as  much 
as  my  daughter  and  me  makes  now,  the  two  of  us. 
I  wish  people  that  thinks  we're  idle  now  were 
with  me  for  a  day.  I'd  teach  them.  I  don't — 
that's  the  two  of  us  don't — make  15s.  a  week  now, 
nor  the  half  of  it,  when  all's  paid.  D— d  if  I  do. 
The  d— d  boys  take  care  of  that"  [Here  I 
had  a  statement  of  the  boys'  tradings,  similar  to 
what  I  have  given.]  "  There's  '  Canterbury'  has 
lots  of  boys,  and  they  bother  me.  I  can  tell, 
and  always  could,  how  it  is  with  working  men. 
When  mechanics  is  in  good  work,  their  children 
has  halfpennies  to  spend  with  me.  If  they're 
hard  up,  there's  no  halfpennies.  The  pennies 
go  to  a  loaf  or  to  buy  a  candle.  I  might  have 
saved  money  once,  but  had  a  misfortunate  family. 
My  husband  ?  O,  never  mind  about  him.  D — n 
him.  I've  been  a  widow  many  years.  My  sou 
— it's  nothing  how  many  children  I  have — is 
married  ;  he  had  the  care  of  an  ingine.  But 


he  lost  it  from  ill  health.  It  was  in  a  feather- 
house,  and  the  flue  got  down  his  throat,  and 
coughed  him  ;  and  so  he  went  into  the  country, 
108  miles  oft',  to  his  wife's  mother.  But  hit 
wife's  mother  got  her  living  by  wooding,  and 
other  ways,  and  couldn't  help  him  or  his  wife ; 
so  he  left,  and  he's  with  me  now.  He  has  a  job 
sometimes  with  a  greengrocer,  at  6d.  a  day  and 
a  bit  of  grub  ;  a  little  bit — very.  I  must  shelter 
him.  I  couldn't  turn  him  out.  If  a  Turk  I 
knew  was  in  distress,  and  I  had  only  half  a  loaf, 
I'd  give  him  half  of  that,  if  he  was  ever  such 
a  Turk — I  would,  sir !  Out  of  6d.  a  day,  my  son 
—  •poor  fellow,  he's  only  twenty-seven! — wants 
a  bit  of  'baccy  and  a  pint  of  beer.  It  'ud  be 
unnatural  to  oppose  that,  wouldn't  it,  sir  ?  He 
frets  about  his  wife,  that's  staying  with  her 
mother,  108  miles  off;  and  about  his  little  girl ; 
but  I  tell  him  to  wait,  and  he  may  have  more 
little  girls.  God  knows,  they  come  when  they're 
not  wanted  a  bit  I  joke  and  say  all  my  old 
sweethearts  is  dying  away.  Old  Jemmy  went  off 
sudden.  He  lent  me  money  sometimes,  but 
I  always  paid  him.  He  had  a  public  once,  and 
had  some  money  when  he  died.  I  saw  him  the 
day  afore  he  died.  He  was  in  bed,  but  wasn't 
his  own  man  quite;  though  he  spoke  sensible 
enough  to  me.  He  said,  said  be,  '  Won't  you 
have  half  a  quartern  of  rum,  as  we've  often  had 
it?'  '  Certainly,  Jemmy,'  says  I,  '  I  came  for 
that  very  thing.'  Poor  fellow  !  his  friends  are 
quarrelling  now  about  what  he  left  It's  56L 
they  say,  and  they'll  go  to  law  very  likely,  and 
lose  every  thing.  There'll  be  no  such  quarrel- 
ling when  I  die,  unless  it  is  for  the  pawn-tickets. 
I  get  a  meal  now,  and  got  a  meal  afore ;  but  it 
was  a  better  meal  then,  sir.  Then  look  at  my 
expenses.  I  was  a  customer  once.  I  used  to 
buy,  and  plenty  such  did,  blue  cloth  aprons, 
opposite  Drury-lane  theatre :  the  very  shop's 
there  still,  but  I  don't  know  what  it  is  now ; 
I  can't  call  to  mind.  I  gave  2s.  6d.  a  yard, 
from  twenty  to  thirty  years  ago,  for  an  apron, 
and  it  took  two  yards,  and  I  paid  4rf.  for  making 
it,  and  so  an  apron  cost  5s.  4d. — that  wasn't 
much  thought  of  in  those  times.  I  used  to  be 
different  off  then.  I  never  go  to  church  ;  I  used 
to  go  when  I  was  a  little  child  at  Seven  oaks. 
I  suppose  I  was  born  somewhere  thereabouts. 
I've  forgot  what  the  inside  of  a  church  is  like. 
There's  no  costermongers  ever  go  to  church, 
except  the  rogues  of  them,  that  wants  to  appear 
good.  I  buy  my  fruit  at  Covent-garden.  Apples 
is  now  4s.  6d.  a  bushel  there.  I  may  make  twice 
that  in  selling  them  ;  but  a  bushel  may  last  me 
two,  three,  or  four  days." 

As  I  have  already,  under  the  street-sale  of 
fish,  given  an  account  of  the  oyster  stall-keeper, 
as  well  as  the  stationary  dealers  in  sprats,  and  the 
principal  varieties  of  wet  fish,  there  is  no  neces- 
sity for  me  to  continue  this  part  of  iny  subject 


We  have  now,  in  a  measure,  finished  with  the 
metropolitan  costermongers.  We  have  seen  that 
the  street-sellers  of  fish,  fruit,  and  vegetables 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  fUE  LONDON  POOR. 


105 


constitute  a  large  proportion  of  the  London  po- 
pulation ;  the  men.  women,  and  children  num- 
bering at  the  least  30.000,  and  taking  as  much 
as  2,000,0007.  per  annum.  Vie  have  seen,  more- 
over, that  these  are  the  principal  purveyors  of 
food  to  the  poor,  and  that  consequently  they 
are  as  important  a  body  of  people  as  they  are 
numerous.  Of  all  classes  they  should  be  the 
most  honest,  since  the  poor,  least  of  all,  can 
afford  to  be  cheated ;  and  yet  it  has  been  shown 
that  the  consciences  of  the  London  costermon- 
gers.  generally  speaking,  are  as  little  developed 
as  their  intellects  ;  indeed,  the  moral  and  reli- 
gious state  of  these  men  is  a  foul  disgrace  to  us, 
laughing  to  scorn  our  zeal  for  the  "  propagation 
of  the  gospel  in  foreign  parts,"  and  making  our 
many  societies  for  the  civilization  of  savages 
on  the  other  side  of  the  globe  appear  like  a 
"delusion,  a  mockery,  and  a  snare,"  when  we 
have  so  many  people  sunk  in  the  lowest  depths 
of  barbarism  round  about  our  very  homes.  It 
is  well  to  have  Bishops  of  New  Zealand  when 
we  have  Christianized  all  our  own  heathen  ;  but 
with  30,000  individuals,  in  merely  one  of  our 
cities,  utterly  creedless,  mindless,  and  principle- 
less,  surely  it  would  look  more  like  earnestness 
on  our  parts  if  we  created  Bishops  of  the  New- 
Cut,  and  sent  "  right  reverend  fathers"  to  watch 
over  the  "  cure  of  souls  "  in  the  Broadway  and 
the  Brill.  If  our  sense  of  duty  will  not  rouse  us 
to  do  this,  at  least  our  regard  for  our  own  inte- 
rests should  teach  us,  that  it  is  not  safe  to  allow 
this  vast  dungheap  of  ignorance  and  vice  to 
seethe  and  fester,  breeding  a  social  pestilence  in 
the  very  heart  of  our  land.  That  the  coster- 
mongers  belong  essentially  to  the  dangerous 
classes  none  can  doubt ;  and  those  who  know  a 
coster's  hatred  of  a  "crusher,"  will  not  hesitate 
to  believe  t).  nselves  con- 

fess, one  and  all  ready,  upon  tin-  least  disturb- 

'  seize  and  disable  their  policeman. 
It  would  be  a  marvel  indeed  if  it  were  other- 
wise.    Denied  the  right  of  getting  a  living  by 

.thorities,  after  having,  perhaj 
supplied    with    the    means   of  so   doing   by  the 
-the  stock  which  the  une  had 
provided  seized  and  confiscated   \>\  the  < 
law  seems  to  them  a  mere  farce,  or  at  best,  hut 
of  an  arbitrary  and  despotic  power, 
I    which    t!  •  themselves   justi- 

fied, whenever  an  opportunity  presents  itself,  of 
using  the  same  j  c  as  it  br 

bear  against 

as  they  are,  sun  it.      If 

we  were  all  born  v  and  virtu 

might  we,  with  some  show  of  .  ;ue  the 

eostermongcrs  for  their  want  of  both  ;  but  seeing 
that  even  the  most  moral  am! 
owe  the  greater  part,  if 
wisdom  and  goodness  to  the 
we  mt.  •arrogance  onceit 

condemn  these  men  because  they  are  not   like 
.it  we  should  have 

been  a*  they  are,  had  not  nornc  one  done 
what  we  refuse  to  do  for 
<e»litutc  of  all  perception  of  beauty,  and  • 


fore  without  any  means  of  pleasure  but  through 
their  appetites,  and  then  we  are  surprized  to 
find  their  evenings  are  passed  either  in  brutal- 
izing  themselves  with  beer,  or  in  gloating 
over  the  mimic  sensuality  of  the  "penny  gaff.  " 
Without  the  least  intellectual  culture  is  it  likely, 
moreover,  that  they  should  have  that  perception 
of  antecedent  and  consequents  which  enables  us 
to  see  in  the  shadows  of  the  past  the  types  of 
the  future— or  that  power  of  projecting  the 
mind  into  the  space,  as  it  were,  of  time,  which 
we  in  Saxon-English  call  fore-sight,  and  in 
Anglo- Latin  pro-vidence — a  power  so  godlike 
that  the  latter  term  is  often  used  by  us  to  ex- 
press ths  Godhead  itself?  Is  it  possible,  then, 
that  men  who  are  as  much  creatures  of  the 
present  as  the  beasts  of  the  field— instinctless 
animals — should  have  the  least  faculty  of  pre- 
vision ?  or  rather  is  it  not  natural  that,  following 
the  most  precarious  of  all  occupations — one  in 
which  the  subsistence  depends  upon  the  weather 
of  this  the  most  variable  climate  of  any — they 
should  fail  to  make  the  affluence  of  the  fine 
days  mitigate  the  starvation  of  the  rainy  ones  ? 
or  that  their  appetites,  made  doubly  eager  by 
the  privations  suffered  in  their  adversity,  should 
be  indulged  in  all  kinds  of  excess  in  their 
prosperity — their  lives  being  thus,  as  it 
a  series  of  alternations  between  starvation  ami 
surfeit  ? 

The  fate  of  children  brought  up  amid  the 
influence  of  such  scenes— with  parents  starving 
one  week  and  drunk  all  the  next— turned  loose 
into  the  streets  as  soon  as  they  are  old  enough 
to  run  alone  —  sent  out  to  sell  in  public-houses 
almost  before  they  know  how  to  put  two  half- 
pence  together— their  tastes  trained  tolibidinism 
long  before  puberty  at  the  penny  concert,  and 
their  passions  inflamed  with  the  unrestrained 
intercourse  of  the  twopenny  hops — the  fate  of 
the  young,  I  say,  abandoned  to  the  blight  of  such 
associations  as  these,  cannot  well  be  oth<  • 
than  it  is.  If  the  child  be  father  to  the  man, 
assuredly  it  does  not  require  a  great  cUort  of 
imagination  to  conceive  the  manhood  that  such 
a  childhood  must  ineessarily  engender. 

Some  months  back  Mr.  Mayhew.  with  a 
to  mitigate  what  appeared  to  him  to  !• 
chief  evils  of  a  stn  t 

Friendly  Association  of  London  Costcrmon- 
the  objects  of  which  were  as  h> 

1.      To  establish  a  Bern  lit  and  1'rovidcnt  Fund 
for   insuring   to   each    Member   a  small    w. 
allowance  in    Sickness  or   Old    Age,   as  well   as 
D    sum   to   his    family   at    his   death,    so 
that    t!,'  ''£iTs,     when     incapa 

m  I..'1  -."i   l>r  forced   to  seek  paro- 

thcir  decease,  l>( 
buried  liy  tl 

K  and 

smallest  deposits  will 
r  interest,  so  that  the  Cot- 
termongcrs may  be  encouraged  to  lay  I  y 
the  most  trivial   mr  y  as  a  pro\ 

for  future  comfort,  but  as  tin-  means  of  at* 
I  di  future  locus. 


106 


IONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


3.  To  form  a  Small  Loan  Fund  for  supply- 
ing the  more  needy  Costermongers  with  Stock- 
Money,  &c.,  at  a  fair  and  legitimate  interest, 
instead   of  the   exorbitant  rates   that   are  now 
charged. 

4.  To  promote  the  use  of  full  weights  and 
measures  by  every  Member  of  the  Association, 
as  well  as  a  rigid  inspection  of  the  scales,  &c., 
of  all  other  Costermongers,  so  that  the  honestly 
disposed  Street- sellers  may  be   protected,  and 
the  public  secured  against  imposition. 

5.  To  protect  the  Costermongers  from  inter- 
ference when  lawfully  pursuing  their  calling, 
by  placing  it  in  their  power  to  employ  counsel 
to  defend  them,  if  unjustly  prosecuted. 

6.  To    provide    harmless,    if    not    rational, 
amusements   at  the   same    cheap    rate   as   the 
pernicious  entertainments   now  resorted   to  by 
the  Street-sellers. 

7.  To  adopt  means  for  the  gratuitous  educa- 
tion of  the  children  of  the  Costermongers,  in 
the  day  time,  and  the  men  and  women  them- 
selves in  the  evening. 

This  institution  remains  at  present  compara- 
tively in  abeyance,  from  the  want  of  funds  to 
complete  the  preliminary  arrangements.  Those, 
however,  who  may  feel  inclined  to  contribute 
towards  its  establishment,  will  please  to  pay 
their  subscriptions  into  Messrs.  Twinings'  Bank, 
Strand,  to  the  account  of  Thomas  Hughes,  Esq. 
(of  63,  Upper  Berkeley-street,  Portman- square), 
who  has  kindly  consented  to  act  as  Treasurer  to 
the  Association. 

OF  A  PUBLIC  MEETING  OF  STREET-SELLERS. 
THE  Association  above  described  arose  out  of 
a  meeting  of  Costermongers  and  other  street- 
folk,  which  was  held,  at  my  instance,  on  the 
evening  of  the  12th  of  June  last,  in  the  National 
Hall,  Holborn.  The  meeting  was  announced  as 
one  of  "  street-sellers,  street-performers,  and 
street-labourers,"  but  the  Costermongers  were 
the  great  majority  present.  The  admission  was 
by  ticket,  and  the  tickets,  which  were  of  course 
gratuitous,  were  distributed  by  men  familiar  with 
all  the  classes  invited  to  attend.  These  men 
found  the  tickets  received  by  some  of  the  street- 
people  with  great  distrust ;  others  could  not  be 
made  to  understand  why  any  one  should  trou- 
ble himself  on  their  behoof;  others  again,  cheer- 
fully promised  their  attendance.  Some  accused 
the  ticket  distributors  with  having  been  bribed 
by  the  Government  or  the  police,  though  for 
what  purpose  was  not  stated.  Some  abused  them 
heartily,  and  some  offered  to  treat  them.  At 
least  1,000  persons  were  present  at  the  meeting, 
of  whom  731  presented  their  tickets;  the  others 
were  admitted,  because  they  were  known  to  the 
door-keepers,  and  had  either  lost  their  tickets  or 
had  not  the  opportunity  to  obtain  them.  The 
persons  to  whom  cards  of  admission  were  given 
were  invited  to  write  their  names  and  callings 
on  the  backs,  and  the  cards  so  received  gave 
the  following  result.  Costermongers,  256  ;  fish- 
sellers,  28;  hucksters,  23;  lot-sellers,  18  ;  street- 
labourers,  16;  paper-sellers  and  workers,  13; 


toy-sellers,  1 1 ;  ginger-beer-sellers,  9 ;  hardware. 
sellers,  9  ;  general-dealers,  7  ;  street-musicians, 
5 ;  street-performers,  5 ;  cakes  and  pastry-sellers, 
fried- fish-vendors,  and  tinkers,  each,  4  ;  turf-ven- 
dors, street-exhibitors,  strolling-players,  cat's- 
meat-men,  water-cress-sellers,  stay-lace,  and 
cotton-sellers,  each,  3 ;  board-carriers,  fruit- 
sellers,  street-tradesmen,  hawkers,  street- green- 
grocers, shell-fish-vendors,  poulterers,  mud- 
larks, wire-workers,  ballad-singers,  crock-men, 
and  booksellers,  each,  2  ;  the  cards  also  gave 
one  each  of  the  following  avocations: — fly-cage- 
makers,  fly-paper-sellers,  grinders,  tripe-sellers, 
pattern-printers,  blind-paper-cutters,  lace-collar- 
sellers,  bird-sellers,  bird-trainers,  pen-sellers, 
lucifer-merchants,  watch-sellers,  decorators,  and 
play-bill-sellers.  260  cards  were  given  in 
without  being  indorsed  with  any  name  or 
calling. 

My  object  in  calling  this  meeting  was  to 
ascertain  from  the  men  themselves  what  were  the 
grievances  to  which  they  considered  themselves 
subjected;  what  were  the  peculiarities  and  what 
the  privations  of  a  street-life.  Cat-calls,  and 
every  description  of  discordant  sound,  prevailed, 
before  the  commencement  of  the  proceedings, 
but  there  was  also  perfect  good-humour.  Al- 
though it  had  been  announced  that  all  the 
speakers  were  to  address  the  meeting  from  the 
platform,  yet  throughout  the  evening  some  man 
or  other  would  occasionally  essay  to  speak  from 
the  body  of  the  hall.  Some  of  those  present 
expressed  misgivings  that  the  meeting  was  got 
up  by  the  Government,  or  by  Sir  It.  Peel,  and 
that  policemen,  in  disguise,  were  in  attendance. 
The  majority  showed  an  ignorance  of  the  usual 
forms  observed  at  public  meetings,  though  some 
manifested  a  thorough  understanding  of  them. 
Nor  was  there  much  delicacy  observed  —  but, 
perhaps,  about  as  much  as  in  some  assem- 
blages of  a  different  character — in  clamouring 
down  any  prosy  speaker.  Many  present  were 
without  coats  (for  it  was  a  warm  evening), 
some  were  without  waistcoats,  many  were  in 
tatters,  hats  and  caps  were  in  infinite  varieties 
of  shape  and  shade,  while  a  few  were  well  and 
even  genteelly  dressed.  The  well  dressed  street- 
sellers  were  nearly  all  young  men,  and  one  of 
these  wore  moustachios.  After  I  had  explained, 
amidst  frequent  questions  and  interruptions,  the 
purpose  for  which  I  had  summoned  the  meet 
ing,  and  had  assured  the  assembly  that,  to  the 
best  of  my  knowledge,  no  policemen  were  pre- 
sent, I  invited  free  discussion. 

It  was  arranged  that  some  one  person  should 
address  the  meeting  as  the  ^representative  of 
each  particular  occupation.  'An  elderly  man 
of  small  stature  and  lively  intelligent  features, 
stood  up  to  speak  on  behalf  of  the  "  paper- 
workers,"  "flying-stationers,"  and  "  standing- 
patterers."  He  said,  that  "  for  twenty-four  years 
he  had  been  a  penny-showman,  a  street-seller, 
and  a  patterer."  He  dwelt  upon  the  difference 
of  a  street-life  when  he  was  young  and  at 
the  present  time,  the  difference  being  between 
meals  and  no  meals;  and  complained  (hat  though 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


107 


ha  had  been  well  educated,  had  friends  in  a 
respectable  way  of  life,  and  had  never  been 
accused  of  any  dishonesty,  such  was  the  moral 
brand,"  of  having  been  connected  with  a  "  street 
life,  that  it  was  never  got  rid  of.  He  more 
than  once  alluded  to  this  "  moral  brand." 
The  question  was,  he  concluded,  in  what  way 
were  they  to  obtain  an  honest  livelihood,  so 
a*  to  keep  their  wives  and  children  decently, 
without  being  buffeted  about  like  wild  beasts 
in  the  open  streets  ?  This  address  was  charac- 
terised by  propriety  in  the  delivery,  and  by  the 
absence  of  any  grammatical  inaccuracy,  or  vul- 
garity of  tone  or  expression. 

A  costermonger,  a  quiet-looking  man,  tidily 
clad,  said  he  was  the  son  of  a  country  auctioneer, 
now  dead;  and  not  having  been  brought  up 
to  any  trade,  he  came  to  London  to  try  his  luck. 
His  means  were  done  before  he  could  obtain  em- 
ployment ;  and  he  was  in  a  state  of  starvation. 
At  last  he  was  obliged  to  apply  to  the  parish. 
TV  guardians  took  him  into  the  workhouse, 
ar  offered  to  pass  him  home :  but  as  he  could 
d^  no  good  there,  he  refused  to  go.  Whereupon, 
giving  him  a  pound  of  bread,  he  was  turned 
into  the  streets,  and  had  nowhere  to  lay  his  head. 
In  wandering  down  the  New- cut  a  costermon- 
ger questioned  him,  and  then  took  him  into  his 
house  and  fed  him  This  man  kept  him  for  a 
year  and  a  half ;  he  showed  him  how  to  get  a 
living  in  the  street  trade ;  and  when  he  left,  gave 
•JO*,  to  start  with.  With  this  sum  be  got 
a  good  living  directly  ;  and  he  could  do  so  now, 
were  it  not  for  the  police,  whose  conduct,  he 
stated,  was  sometimes  very  tyrannical.  He  had 
been  dragged  to  the  station-house,  for  standing 
to  serve  customers,  though  he  obstructed  nobody; 
the  policeman,  however,  called  it  an  obstruction, 
and  he  (the  speaker)  was  fined  2s.  6d. ;  where- 
upon, because  he  had  not  the  half-crown,  his 
barrow  and  all  it  contained  were  taken  from  him, 
and  he  had  heard  nothing  of  them  since.  This 
almost  broke  him  down.  There  was  no  redress 
for  these  things,  and  he  thought  they  ought  to 
be  looked  into. 

This  man  spoke  with  considerable  energy;  and 
when  he  had  concluded,  many  costermongers 
shouted,  at  the  top  of  their  voices,  that  they 
could  substantiate  every  word  of  what  he  had 
•aid. 

>ung  man,  of  superior  appearance,  said 
he  was  the  son  of  a  gentleman  who  had  held  a 
commission  as  Lieutenant  in  the  20th  I 

•i   tin-  .'Jlth  Infantry,  rind  afterwards 
becan  .r  of  the  Butt-  Docks;  in  which 

raving  no  property.      He  (the 
r)  was  a  classical  scholar  ;   hut  having  no 

death, 

.f  to   London   in    search  of  employment. 
ij  that   his    peri   and  his  school  ar 
:  secure  it.      Hut  in  this  cxp< 
I,— though  for  a  short 
b«  wa^  two  guinea*  a  week  in  < 

document*   : 

u  past;  and  he  was  a  street- palterer 
•ow  thronph  sheer  necessity.  He  could  say 


from  experience  that  the  earnings  of  ;hat  clasa 
were  no  more  than  from  8s.  to  10s.  a  week.  He 
then  declaimed  at  some  length  against  the  inter- 
ference of  the  police  with  the  patterers,  con- 
sidering it  harsh  and  unnecessary. 

After  some  noisy  and  not  very  relevant  dis- 
cussion concerning  the  true  amount  of  a  street- 
patterer's  earnings,  a  clergyman  of  the  Esta- 
blished Church,  now  selling  stenographic  cards 
in  the  street,  addressed  the  meeting.  He  ob- 
served, that  in  every  promiscuous  assembly 
there  would  always  be  somebody  who  might  be 
called  unfortunate.  Of  this  number  he  was  one ; 
for  when,  upon  the  5th  September,  1831,  he 
preached  a  funeral  sermon  before  a  fashionable 
congregation,  upon  Mr.  Huskisson's  death  by  a 
railway  accident,  he  little  thought  he  should 
ever  be  bound  over  in  his  own  recognizances  in 
101.  for  obstructing  the  metropolitan  thorough- 
fares. He  was  a  native  of  Hackney,  but  in  early 
life  he  went  to  Scotland,  and  upon  the  24th  June, 
1832,  he  obtained  the  presentation  to  a  small 
extra-parochial  chapel  in  that  country,  upon  the 
presentation  of  the  Rev.  Dr.  Bell.  His  people 
embraced  Irvingism,  and  he  was  obliged  to 
leave ;  and  in  January,  1837,  he  came  to  the 
metropolis.  His  history  since  that  period  he 
need  not  state.  His  occupation  was  well  known, 
and  he  could  confirm  what  had  been  stated  with 
regard  to  the  police.  The  Police  Act  provided, 
that  all  persons  selling  goods  in  the  streets  were 
to  keep  five  feet  off  the  pavement,  the  street  not 
being  a  market.  He  had  always  kept  with  his 
wares  and  his  cards  beyond  the  prohibited  dis- 
tance of  five  feet ;  and  for  six  years  and  a  half 
he  had  sold  his  cards  without  molesting  or  being 
molested.  After  some  severe  observations  upon 
the  police,  he  narrated  several  events  in  his 
personal  history  to  account  for  his  present  con- 
dition, which  he  attributed  to  misfortune  and 
the  injustice  of  society.  In  the  course  of  these 
explanations  he  gave  an  illustration  of  his 
classical  acquirements,  in  having  detected  a 
grammatical  errcr  in  a  Latin  inscription  upon 
the  plate  of  a  foundation-stone  for  a  new  church 
in  Westminster.  He  wrote  to  the  incumbent, 
pointing  out  the  error,  and  the  incumbent  asked 
the  beadle  who  he  was.  "  Oh,"  said  the  beadle, 
"he  is  a  fellow  who  gets  his  living  in  the 
streets."  This  was  enough.  He  got  no  answer 
to  his  letter,  though  he  knew  the  incumbent  and 
his  four  curates,  and  had  attended  his  church 
for  seven  years.  After  dwelling  on  the  suffer- 
ings of  those  whose  living  was  gained  in  the 
.  he  said,  that  if  persons  wished  really 
to  know  anything  of  the  character  or  habits  of 
life  of  tin  very  poor,  of  whom  he  was  one,  the 
i  MI  Id  onlv  be  had  from  a  personal 
survey  of  their  condition  in  their  own  homes. 
•  ••-sing  his  hope  that  by  better 
attention  —  moral, 

social,  and  religious  -  to  their  condition,  the  poor 
of  the  streets  mi^ht  be  gathered  to  ihe  church, 
and  to  ' 

•wandering    tmiMci.m  "     in    a     Highland 
garb,    •  dirty,    coin  plained    at    some 


108 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


length  of  the  way  in  which  he  was  treated  by 
the  police. 

A  hale-looking  man,  a  costermonger,  of  middle 
age — who  said  he  had  a  wife  and  four  children 
dependent  upon  him — then  spoke.  It  was  a 
positive  fact,  he  said,  notwithstanding  their 
poverty,  their  hardships,  and  even  their  degra- 
dation in  the  eyes  of  some,  that  the  first  mar- 
kets in  London  were  mainly  supported  by 
costermongers.  What  would  the  Duke  of 
Bedford's  market  in  Covent-garden  be  with- 


out   them  ?      This      question      elicited     loud 
applause. 

Several  other  persons  followed  with  state- 
ments of  a  similar  character,  which  were 
listened  to  with  interest ;  but  from  their  general 
sameness  it  is  not  necessary  to  repeat  them 
here.  After  occupying  nearly  four  hours,  the 
proceedings  were  brought  to  a  close  by  a  vote 
of  thanks,  and  the  "  street-sellers,  performers, 
and  labourers,"  separated  in  a  most  orderly 
manner. 


OF  THE  STREET-IRISH. 


THE  Irish  street- sellers  are  both  a  numerous 
a.nd  peculiar  class  of  people.  It  therefore  be- 
hoves me,  for  the  due  completeness  of  this  work, 
to  say  a  few  words  upon  their  numbers,  earn- 
ings, condition,  and  mode  of  life. 

The  number  of  Irish  street-sellers  in  the  metro- 
polis has  increased  greatly  of  late  years.  One 
gentleman,  who  had  every  means  of  being  well- 
informed,  considered  that  it  was  not  too  much 
to  conclude,  that,  within  these  five  years,  the 
numbers  of  the  poor  Irish  people  who  gain  a 
scanty  maintenance,  or  what  is  rather  a  substi- 
tute for  a  maintenance,  by  trading,  or  begging, 
or  by  carrying  on  the  two  avocations  simulta- 
neously in  the  streets  of  London,  had  been 
doubled  in  number. 

I  found  among  the  English  costermongers  a 
general  dislike  of  the  Irish.  In  fact,  next  to 
a  policeman,  a  genuine  London  costermonger 
hates  an  Irishman,  considering  him  an  intruder. 
Whether  there  be  any  traditional  or  hereditary 
ill-feeling  between  them,  originating  from  a 
clannish  feeling,  I  cannot  ascertain.  The  coster- 
mongers whom  I  questioned  had  no  know- 
ledge of  the  feelings  or  prejudices  of  their  pre- 
decessors, but  I  am  inclined  to  believe  that  the 
prejudice  is  modern,  and  has  originated  in  the 
great  influx  of  Irishmen  and  women,  intermix- 
ing, more  especially  during  the  last  five  years, 
with  the  costermonger' s  business.  An  Irish 
costermonger,  however,  is  no  novelty  in  the 
streets  of  London.  "  From  the  mention  of 
the  costardmonger,"  says  Mr.  Charles  Knight, 
"  in  the  old  dramatists,  he  appears  to  have  been 
frequently  an  Irishman." 

Of  the  Irish  street- sellers,  at  present,  it  is 
computed  that  there  are,  including  men,  women, 
and  children,  upwards  of  10,000.  Assuming  the 
street- sellers  attending  the  London  fish  and 
green  markets  to  be,  with  then-  families,  30,000 
in  number,  and  7  in  every  20  of  these  to  be 
Irish,  we  shall  have  rather  more  than  the  total 
above  given.  Of  this  large  body  three-fourths 
sell  only  fruit,  and  more  especially  nuts  and 
oranges  ;  indeed,  the  orange-season  is  called  the 
"  Irishman's  harvest."  The  others  deal  in  fish, 
fruit,  and  vegetables,  but  these  are  principally 
men.  Some  of  the  most  wretched  of  the  street- 


Irish   deal   in   such  trifles  as  lucifer-matches, 
water-cresses,  &c. 

I  am  informed  that  the  great  mass  of  these 
people  have  been  connected,  in  some  capacity  or 
other,  with  the  culture  of  the  land  in  Ireland. 
The  mechanics  who  have  sought  the  metropolis 
from  the  sister  kingdom  have  become  mixed  with 
their  respective  handicrafts  in  England,  some  of 
the  Irish — though  only  a  few — taking  rank  with 
the  English  skilled  labourers.  The  greater 
part  of  the  Irish  artizans  who  have  arrived 
within  the  last  five  years  are  to  be  found  among 
the  most  degraded  of  the  tailors  and  shoemakers 
who  work  at  the  East-end  for  the  slop-masters. 

A  large  class  of  the  Irish  who  were  agricul- 
tural labourers  in  their  country  are  to  be  found 
among  the  men  working  for  bricklayers,  as  well 
as  among  the  dock-labourers  and  excavators,  &c. 
Wood  chopping  is  an  occupation  greatly  resorted 
to  by  the  Irish  in  London.  Many  of  the  Irish, 
however,  who  are  not  regularly  employed  in 
their  respective  callings,  resort  to  the  streets 
when  they  cannot  obtain  work  otherwise. 

The  Irish  women  and  girls  who  sell  fruit, 
&c.,  in  the  streets,  depend  almost  entirely 
on  that  mode  of  traffic  for  their  subsistence. 
They  are  a  class  not  sufficiently  taught  to  avail 
themselves  of  the  ordinary  resources  of  women 
in  the  humbler  walk  of  life.  Unskilled  at  their 
needles,  working  for  slop  employers,  even  at 
the  commonest  shirt-making,  is  impossible  to 
them.  Their  ignorance  of  household  work, 
moreover  (for  such  description  of  work  is  un- 
known in  their  wretched  cabins  in  many  parts  of 
Ireland),  incapacitates  them  in  a  great  measure 
for  such  employments  as  "charing,"  washing, 
and  ironing,  as  well  as  from  regular  domestic  em- 
ployment. Thus  there  seems  to  remain  to  them 
but  one  thing  to  do — as,  indeed,  was  said  to  me  by 
one  of  themselves — viz.,  "  to  sell  for  a  ha'pinny 
the  three  apples  which  cost  a  farruthing." 

Very  few  of  these  women  (nor,  indeed,  of  the 
men,  though  rather  more  of  them  than  the  wo- 
men) can  read,  and  they  are  mostly  all  wretchedly 
poor ;  but  the  women  present  two  characteristics 
which  distinguish  them  from  the  London  coster- 
women  generally — they  are  chaste,  and,  unlike 
the  "coster  girls,"  very  seldom  form  any  con- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


109 


nection  without  the  sanction  of  the  marriage 
ceremony.  They  are,  moreover,  attentive  to  reli- 
gious observances. 

The  majority  of  the  Irish  street-sellers  of  both 
sexes  beg,  and  often  very  eloquently,  as  they 
carry  on  their  trade  ;  and  I  was  further  assured, 
that,  but  for  this  begging,  some  of  them  might 
starve  outright. 

The  greater  proportion  of  the  Irish  street- 
sellers  are  from  Leinster  and  Munster,  and  a 
considerable  number  come  from  Connaugbt 

OF  THE  CAUSES  WHICH  HAVE  MADE  THE 

IRISH  TURN  COSTERMONGERS. 
NOTWITHSTANDING  the  prejudices  of  the  Eng- 
lish costers,  I  am  of  opinion  that  the  Irishmen 
And  women  who  have  become  costermongers, 
belong  to  a  better  class  than  the  Irish  labourers. 
The  Irishman  may  readily  adapt  himself,  in  a 
strange  place,  to  labour,  though  not  to  trade ; 
but  these  costers  are — or  the  majority  at  least 
are — poor  persevering  traders  enough. 

The  most  intelligent  and  prosperous  of  the 
street- Irish  are  those  who  have  "  risen" — for  so 
I  heard  it  expressed — "into  regular  costers." 
The  untaught  Irishmen's  capabilities,  as  I  have 
before  remarked,  with  all  his  powers  of  speech 
and  quickness  of  apprehension,  are  far  less  fitted 
for  "  buying  in  the  cheapest  market  and  selling 
in  the  dearest"  than  for  mere  physical  em- 
ployment Hence  those  who  take  to  street- 
trading  for  a  living  seldom  prosper  in  it,  and 
three-fourths  of  the  street-Irish  confine  their 
dealings  to  such  articles  as  are  easy  of  sale,  like 
apples,  nuts,  or  oranges,  for  they  are  rarely 
masters  of  purchasing  to  advantage,  and  seem  to 
know  little  about  tale  or  measure,  beyond  the 
most  familiar  quantities.  Compared  with  an 
acute  costermonger,  the  mere  apple-seller  is  but 
as  the  labourer  to  the  artizan. 

One  of  the  principal  causes   why  the  Irish 
costermongers  have  increased  so  extensively  of 
late  years,  is  to  be  found  in  the  fact  that  the 
labouring  classes,  (and  of  them  chiefly  the  class 
employed  in  the  culture  of  land,)  have  been 
driven  over  from  "  the  sister  Isle  "  more  thickly 
for   the  last  four  or  five  years  than  formerly. 
Several  circumstances  have  conspired  to  effect 
this. — First,  they  were  driven  over  by  the  famine, 
>uld  not  procure,  or  began  to  fear 
•  :\   they  could  not  procure,   food  to  eat. 
:'.y,  they  were   forced    to  take    rcfuiy    in 
this  country  by  the  evictions,   when  thrir  land- 
lords had  left  them  no  roof  to  shelter  them  in 
their  own.  .  the-  plans, 

to  which  numbers  of  these  j  bum  had 

•:,  to  raise  the  means  of  quitting  Ireland 
igland — or  for  ai, 

.ihlc  chapter  at  some  future  ;  • 
Thirdly,     though     the     better    rla*s     of    small 
farmers  who  have  emigrated   from    Ireland,   in 
hopes  of  "  ! 

' 

>ve   reached   this  country  have  at  last 
sellers.     And,  fourthly, 

iy    for     the 


harvest  have  been  either  induced  or  compelled 
to  stay. 

Another  main  cause  is,  that  the  Irish,  as 
labourers,  can  seldom  obtain  work  all  the  year 
through,  and  thus  the  ranks  of  the  Irish  street- 
sellers  are  recruited  every  winter  by  the  slack- 
ness of  certain  periodic  trades  in  which  they 
are  largely  employed — such  as  hodmen,  dock- 
work,  excavating,  and  the  like.  They  ar«r, 
therefore,  driven  by  want  of  employment  to  the 
winter  sale  of  oranges  and  nuts.  These  cir- 
cumstances have  a  doubly  malefic  effect,  as 
the  increase  of  costers  accrues  in  the  winter 
months,  and  there  are  consequently  the  most 
sellers  when  there  are  the  fewest  buyers. 

Moreover,  the  cessation  of  work  in  the  con- 
struction of  railways,  compared  with  the  abund- 
ance of  employment  which  attracted  so  many 
to  this  country  during  the  railway  mania, 
has  been  another  fertile  cause  of  there  being  so 
many  Irish  in  the  London  streets. 

The  prevalence  of  Irish  women  and  children 
among  street-sellers  is  easily  accounted  for — 
they  are,  as  I  said  before,  unable  to  do  anything 
else  to  eke  out  the  means  of  their  husbands 
or  parents.  A  needle  is  as  useless  in  their 
fingers  as  a  pen. 

Bitterly  as  j.iany  of  these  people  suffer  in 
this  country,  grievous  and  often  eloquent  as  are 
their  statements,  I  met  with  none  who  did  not 
manifest  repugnance  at  the  suggestion  of  a 
return  to  Ireland.  If  asked  why  they  objected 
to  return,  the  response  was  usually  in  the  form  of 
a  question:  "  Shure  thin,  sir,  and  what  good 
could  I  do  there?"  Neither  can  I  say  that  I 
heard  any  of  these  people  express  any  love  for 
their  country,  though  they  often  spoke  with 
great  affection  of  their  friends. 

From  an  Irish  costermonger,  a  middle-aged 
man,  with  a  physiognomy  best  known  as  "  Irisn," 
and  dressed  in  corduroy  trousers,  with  a  loose 
great-coat,  far  too  big  for  him,  buttoned  about 
him,  I  had  the  following  statement : 

"  I  had  a  bit  o'  land,  yer  honor,  in  County 
Limerick.  Well,  it  wasn't  just  a  farruin,  nor 
what  ye  would  call  a  garden  here,  but  my  father 
lived  and  died  on  it  — glory  be  to  God! — and 
brought  up  me  and  my  sister  on  it.  It  was 
about  an  acre,  and  the  taties  was  well  known 
to  be  good.  But  the  sore  times  came,  and  the 
taties  was  alllictcd,  and  the  wife  and  mo — I 
have  no  childer — hadn't  a  bite  nor  a  sup,  but 
wather  to  live  on,  and  an  igg  or  two.  1  fill  the 
famine  a-comin'.  I  saw  people  a-fcedin'  on  the 
wild  green  things,  and  as  I  had  not  such  a  had 

«t  Mr. (he  was  the  head  in 

agent)   to  give  me  28.?.  for  possission  in  <; 

ness,  and  I  sould  some   pouithry    I    had— their 

.    a    blessin1    to    keep    tile    life    in    us— I 

.sould   them   in    Limerick   for   '.Is.   :></.— the  poor 

lour  of  them.      The  lurnithur'  I  sould  to 

the  nab»  now  ahout  <>.v.      Its  the  thrutli 

'•  llin'  ot    Mm.  sir,  and  tin  n  ':»   'J.s. 
of  it  still,  and  will  he  a  perpitual  loxs.     '!'!, 
.•ind  me  walked  to  Dublin,  though  we  had  hi  ttlur 
hare  gone  by  tK-  'long  say,'  but  I  didn't ».. 


110 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


stand  it  thin,  and  we  got  to  Liverpool.  Then 
sorrow's  the  taste  of  worruk  could  I  git,  beyant 
oncte  3*.  for  two  days  harruci  porthering,  that 
broke  my  back  half  in  two.  I  was  tould  I'd 
do  betther  in  London,  and  so,  glory  be  to  God  ! 

I  have— perhaps  I  have.     I  knew  Mr. ,  he 

porthers  at  Covent-garden,  and  I  made  him  out, 
ind  hilped  him  in  any  long  distance  of  a  job. 
As  I'd  been  used  to  farrumin'  I  thought  it  good 
raison  I  should  be  a  costermonger,  as  they  call 
it  here.  I  can  read  and  write  too.  And  some 
good  Christian — the  heavens  light  him  to  glory 
when  he's  gone  ! — I  don't  know  who  he  was — 
advanced  me  10*. — or  he  gave  it  me,  so  to  spake, 

through   Father  ,"   (a  Roman  Catholic 

priest.)"  We  earrun  what  keeps  the  life  in  us.  I 
don't  go  to  markit,  but  buy  of  a  fair  dealin'  man 
— so  I  count  him — though  he's  harrud  sometimes. 
I  can't  till  how  many  Irishmen  is  in  the  thrade. 
There's  many  has  been  brought  down  to  it  by 
the  famin'  and  the  changes.  I  don't  go  much 
among  the  English  street-dalers.  They  talk  like 
haythens.  I  never  miss  mass  on  a  Sunday,  and 
they  don't  know  what  the  blissed  mass  manes. 
I'm  almost  glad  I  have  no  childer,  to  see  how 
they're  raired  here.  Indeed,  sir,  they're  not 
raired  at  all — they  run  wild.  They  haven't  the 
fear  of  God  or  the  saints.  They'd  hang  a  praste 
-•— glory  be  to  God!  they  would.' 

How  THE  STREET-IRISH  DISPLANTED  THE 
STREET-JEWS  IN  THE  ORANGE  TRADE. 

THE  Jews,  in  the  streets,  while  acting  as  cos- 
termongers,  never  "  worked  a  barrow,"  nor 
dealt  in  the  more  ponderous  and  least  pro- 
fitable articles  of  the  trade,  such  as  turnips 
and  cabbages.  They  however,  had,  at  one 
period,  the  chief  possession  of  a  portion  of 
the  trade  which  the  "regular  hands"  do  not 
consider  proper  costermongering,  and  which  is 
now  chiefly  confined  to  the  Irish — viz. :  orange 
selling. 

The  trade  was,  not  many  years  ago,  confined 
almost  entirely  to  the  Jew  boys,  who  kept  aloof 
from  the  vagrant  lads  of  the  streets,  or  mixed 
with  them  only  in  the  cheap  theatres  and 
concert-rooms.  A  person  who  had  had  great 
experience  at  what  was,  till  recently,  one  of 
the  greatest  "  coaching  inns,"  told  me  that, 
speaking  within  his  own  recollection  and  from 
his  own  observation,  he  thought  the  sale 
of  oranges  was  not  so  much  in  the  hands  of 
the  Jew  lads  until  about  forty  years  back. 
The  orange  monopoly,  so  to  speak,  was 
established  by  the  street- Jews,  about  1810,  or 
three  or  four  years  previous  to  that  date,  when 
recruiting  and  local  soldiering  were  at  their 
height,  and  when  a  great  number  of  the  vaga- 
bond or  "roving"  population,  who  in  one 
capacity  or  other  now  throng  the  streets,  weie 
induced  to  enlist.  The  young  Jews  never  entered 
the  ranks  of  the  army.  The  streets  were  thus 
in  a  measure  cleared  for  them,  and  the  itinerant 
orange-trade  fell  almost  entirely  into  their 
hands.  Some  of  the  young  Jews  gained,  I  am 
assured,  at  least  100/.  a  year  in  this  traffic. 


The  numbers  of  country  people  who  hastened  to 
London  on  the  occasion  of  the  Allied  Sove- 
reigns' visit  in  1814 — many  wealthy  persons 
then  seeing  the  capital  for  the  first  time — 
afforded  an  excellent  market  to  these  dealers. 

Moreover,  the  perseverance  of  the  Jew  orange 
boys  was  not  to  be  overcome;  they  would  follow 
a  man  who  even  looked  encouragingly  at  their 
wares  for  a  mile  or  two.  The  great  resort  of 
these  Jew  dealers — who  eschewed  night-work 
generally,  and  left  the  theatre-doors  to  old  men 
and  women  of  all  ages — was  at  the  coaching  inns ; 
for  year  by  year,  after  the  peace  of  1815,  the  im- 
provement of  the  roads  and  the  consequent 
increase  of  travellers  to  London,  progressed. 

About  1825,  as  nearly  as  my  informant  could 
recollect,  these  keen  young  traders  began  to  add 
the  sale  of  other  goods  to  their  oranges,  press- 
ing them  upon  the  notice  of  those  who  were 
leaving  or  visiting  London  by  the  different 
coaches.  So  much  was  this  the  case,  that  it  was 
a  common  remark  at  that  time,  that  no  one 
could  reach  or  leave  the  metropolis,  even  for 
the  shortest  journey,  without  being  expected  to 
be  in  urgent  want  of  oranges  and  lemons,  black- 
lead  pencils,  sticks  of  sealing-wax,  many- 
bladed  pen-knives,  pocket-combs,  razors,  strops, 
braces,  and  sponges.  To  pursue  the  sale  of  the 
last-mentioned  articles — they  being  found,  I 
presume,  to  be  more  profitable — some  of  the 
street-Jews  began  to  abandon  the  sale  of 
oranges  and  lemons ;  and  it  was  upon  this, 
that  the  trade  was  "taken  up"  by  the  wives 
and  children  of  the  Irish  bricklayers'  labourers, 
and  of  other  Irish  work-people  then  resident  in 
London.  The  numbers  of  Irish  in  the  metro- 
polis at  that  time  began  to  increase  rapidly; 
for  twenty  years  ago,  they  resorted  numerously 
to  England  to  gather  in  the  harvest,  and  those 
who  had  been  employed  in  contiguous  counties 
during  the  autumn,  made  for  London  in  the 
winter.  "  I  can't  say  they  were  well  off,  sir," 
said  one  man  to  me,  "  but  they  liked  bread 
and  herrings,  or  bread  and  tea — better  than 
potatoes  without  bread  at  home."  From  1836 
to  1840,  I  was  informed,  the  Irish  gradually 
superseded  the  Jews  in  the  fruit  traffic  about 
the  coaching-houses.  One  reason  for  this  was, 
that  they  were  far  more  eloquent,  begging 
pathetically,  and  with  many  benedictions  on 
their  listeners.  The  Jews  never  begged,  I  was 
told ;  "  they  were  merely  traders."  Another 
reas»n  was,  that  the  Irish,  men  or  lads,  who 
had  entered  into  the  fruit  trade  in  the  coach- 
yards,  would  not  only  sell  and  beg,  but  were 
ready  to  "lend  a  hand"  to  any  over-burthexied 
coach-porter.  This  the  Jews  never  did,  and  in 
that  way  the  people  of  the  yard  came  to  en- 
courage the  Irish  to  the  prejudice  of  the 
Jews.  At  present,  I  understand  that,  with  the 
exception  of  one  or  two  in  the  city,  no  Jews 
vend  oranges  in  the  streets,  and  that  the  trade 
is  almost  entirely  in  the  hands  of  the  Irish. 

Another  reason  why  the  Irish  could  supersede 
and  even  undersell  the  Jews  and  regular  cos- 
termongers  was  this,  as  I  am  informed  on  ex- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Ill 


cellent  authority :— Father  Mathew,  a  dozen 
years  back,  made  temperance  societies  popular 
in  Ireland.  Many  of  the  itinerant  Irish,  espe- 
cially the  younger  classes,  were  "  temperance 
men."  Thus  the  Irish  could  live  as  sparely  as 
the  Jew,  but  they  did  not,  like  him,  squander 
any  money  for  the  evening's  amusement,  at  the 
concert  or  the  theatre. 

I  inquired  what  might  be  the  number  of  the 
Jews  plying,  so  to  speak,  at  the  coaching  inns, 
and  was  assured  that  it  was  less  numerous  than 
was  generally  imagined.  One  man  computed 
it  at  300  individuals,  all  under  21  ;  another  at 
only  200 ;  perhaps  the  mean,  or  250,  might  be 
about  the  mark.  The  number  was  naturally 
considered  greater,  I  was  told,  because  the  same 
set  of  street  traders  were  seen  over  and  over 
again.  The  Jews  knew  when  the  coaches  were 
to  arrive  and  when  they  started,  and  they  would 
hurry,  after  availing  themselves  of  a  departure, 
from  one  inn— the  Belle  Sauvage,  Ludgate-hill, 
for  instance — to  take  advantage  of  an  arrival  at 
another — say  the  Saracen's  Head,  Snow-hill. 
Thus  they  appeared  everywhere,  but  were  the 
same  individuals. 

I  inquired  to  what  calling  the  youthful  Jews, 
thus  driven  from  their  partially  monopolized 
street  commerce,  had  devoted  themselves,  and 
was  told  that  even  when  the  orange  and  hawk- 
ing trade  was  at  the  best,  the  Jews  rarely  carried 
it  on  after  they  were  twenty-two  or  twenty-three, 
but  that  they  then  resorted  to  some  more  whole- 
sale calling,  such  as  the  purchase  of  nuts  or 
foreign  grapes,  at  public  sales.  At  present,  I 
am  informed,  they  are  more  thickly  than  ever 
engaged  in  these  trades,  as  well  as  in  two  new 
avocations,  that  have  been  established  within 
these  few  years, — the  sale  of  the  Bahama  pine- 
apples and  of  the  Spanish  and  Portuguese 
onions. 

About  the  Royal  Exchange,  Jew  boys  still 
hawk  pencils,  etc.,  but  the  number  engaged  in 
this  pursuit  throughout  London  is  not,  as  far  as 
I  can  ascertain,  above  one-eighth — if  an  eighth — 
of  what  it  was  even  twelve  years  ago. 

OP  THE  RELIGION  OP  THE  STREET-IRISH. 

HAVING  now  given  a  brief  sketch  as  to  how  the 
Irish  people  have  come  to  form  so  large  a 
proportion  of  the  London  street-sellers,  I  shall 
proceed,  as  I  did  with  the  English  costermon- 
gers,  to  furnish  the  reader  with  a  short  account 
r  religious,  moral,  intellectual,  and  phy- 
sical condition,  so  that  he  may  be  able  to  con- 
trast the  habits  and  circumstances  of  the  one 
class  with  those  of  the  other.  First,  of  the  reli- 
gion of  the  Irish  street-folk. 

Almost  all  the  street-Irish  are  Roman  Catho- 
lics. Of  course  I  can  but  speak  generally  ;  but 
during  my  inquiry  I  met  with  only  t. 
said  they  were  Protestants,  and  when  I  came  to 
converse  with  them,  I  found  out  that  they  were 
partly  ignorant  of,  and  partly  indifferent  to,  any 
religion  wh.v  Irish  Protestant 

man  said  to  me  :  "  You  may  depend  uj>< 
*m  you  meet  any  of  my  poor  countrymen  who 


will  not  talk  to  you  about  religion,  they  either 
know  or  care  nothing  about  it ;  for  the  religious 
spirit  runs  high  in  Ireland,  and  Protestants  and 
Catholics  are  easily  led  to  converse  about  their 
faith." 

I  found  that  some  of  the  Irish  Roman  Catho- 
lics— but  they  had  been  for  many  years  resident 
in  England,  and  that  among  the  poorest  or 
vagrant  class  of  the  English — had  become  indif- 
ferent to  their  creed,  and  did  not  attend  their 
chapels,  unless  at  the  great  fasts  or  festivals,  and 
this  they  did  only  occasionally.  One  old  stall- 
keeper,  who  had  been  in  London  nearly  thirty 
years,  said  to  me :  "  Ah  !  God  knows,  sir,  I 
ought  to  attend  mass  every  Sunday,  but  I 
haven't  for  a  many  years,  barrin'  Christmas-day 
and  such  times.  But  I  '11  thry  and  go  more 
rigular,  plase  God."  This  man  seemed  to  re- 
sent, as  a  sort  of  indignity,  my  question  if  he 
ever  attended  any  other  place  of  worship.  "  Av 
coorse  not ! "  was  the  reply. 

One  Irishman,  also  a  fruit-seller,  with  a  well- 
stocked  barrow,  and  without  the  complaint  of 
poverty  common  among  his  class,  entered  keenly 
into  the  subject  of  his  religious  faith  when  I 
introduced  it  He  was  born  in  Ireland,  but  had 
been  in  England  since  he  was  five  or  six.  He 
was  a  good-looking,  fresh  -  coloured  man,  of 
thirty  or  upwards,  and  could  read  and  write  well. 
He  spoke  without  bitterness,  though  zealously 
enough.  "  Perhaps,  sir,  you  are  a  gintleman 
connected  with  the  Protistant  clargy,"  he  asked, 
"  or  a  missionary  ?  "  On  my  stating  that  I  had 
no  claim  to  either  character,  he  resumed:  "Will, 
sir,  it  don't  matther.  All  the  worruld  may  know 
my  riligion,  and  I  wish  all  the  worruld  was  of 
my  riligion,  and  betther  min  in  it  than  I  am  ;  I 
do,  indeed.  I'm  a  Roman  Catholic,  sir ;"  [here 
he  made  the  sign  of  the  cross] ;  "  God  be  praised 
for  it!  O  yis,  I  know  all  about  Cardinal  Wise- 
man. It's  the  will  of  God,  I  feel  sure,  that  he's 
to  be  'stablished  here,  and  it's  no  use-  ribillin' 
against  that.  I've  nothing  to  say  against  Pro- 
tistints.  I've  heard  it  said,  '  It's  best  to  pray 
for  them.'  The  street-people  that  call  thim- 
selves  Protistants  are  no  riligion  at  all  at  all.  I 
serruve  Protistant  gintlemen  and  ladies  too,  and 
sometimes  they  talk  to  me  kindly  about  religion. 
They're  good  custhomers,  and  I  have  no  doubt 
good  people.  I  can't  say  what  their  lot  may  he 
in  another  worruld  for  not  being  of  the  true 
faitli.  No,  sir,  I'll  give  no  opinions — none." 

This  man  gave  me  a  clear  account  of  his 
belief  that  the  Blessed  Virgin  (he  crossed  him- 
self repeatedly  as  he  spoke)  was  the  mother  of 
our  Lord  Jesus  Christ,  and  was  a  mediator  with 
our  Lord,  who  was  God  of  heaven  and  earth 
of  the  duty  of  praying  to  the  holy  saints — of 
attending  mass— ("  but  the  priest,"  he  said, 
'•  won't  exact  too  much  of  a  poor  man, 
about  that  or  about  fasting")— of  going  to  con- 
fession  at  Easter  and  Christmas  times,  at  the 
Utrt  of  receiving  the  body  of  Christ,  "the  rale 
prinnce,"  in  the  holy  sacrament—  of  keeping 
all  God's  commandments—  of  purgatory  liein^ 
a  purgation  of  sins— and  of  heaven  and  bell. 


112 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


I  found  the  majority  of  those  I  epoke  with,  at 
least  as  earnest  in  their  faith,  if  they  were  not 
as  well  instructed  in  it  as  my  informant,  who 
may  be  cited  as  an  example  of  the  better  class 
of  street-sellers. 

Another  Irishman, — who  may  be  taken  as  a 
type  of  the  less  informed,  and  who  had  been 
between  two  and  three  years  in  England,  hav- 
ing been  disappointed  in  emigrating  to  America 
with  his  wife  and  two  children, — gave  me  the 
following  account,  but  not  without  considering 
and  hesitating.  He  was  a  very  melancholy 
looking  man,  tall  and  spare,  and  decently  clad. 
He  and  his  family  were  living  upon  8rf.  a  day, 
which  he  earned  by  sweeping  a  crossing.  He 
had  been  prevented  by  ill  health  from  earning 
2/.,  which  he  could  have  made,  he  told  me,  hi 
harvest  time,  as  a  store  against  winter.  He  had 
been  a  street-seller,  and  so  had  his  wife ;  and 
she  would  be  so  again  as  soon  as  he  could  raise 
2s.  to  buy  her  a  stock  of  apples.  He  said, 
touching  his  hat  at  each  holy  name, — 

"  Sure,  yis,  sir,  I'm  a  Roman  Cartholic,  and 
go  to  mass  every  Sunday.  Jesus  Christ?  O  yis," 
(hesitating,  but  proceeding  readily  after  a  word 
of  prompting),  '•  he  is  the  Lord  our  Saviour,  and 
the  Son  of  the  Holy  Virgin.  The  blessed  saints  ? 
Yis,  sir,  yis.  The  praste  prays  for  them.  I — 
I  mane  prays  to  them.  O,  yis.  I  pray  to  them 
mysilf  ivery  night  for  a  blissin',  and  to  rise  me 
out  of  my  misery.  No,  sir,  I  can't  say  I  know 
what  the  mass  is  about  I  don't  know  what  I'm 
pray  in'  for  thin,  only  that  it's  right  A  poor 
man,  that  can  neither  read  nor  write — I  wish  I 
could  and  I  might  do  betther — can't  under- 
stand it ;  it's  all  in  Latin.  Iv'e  heard  about 
Cardinal  Wiseman.  It'll  do  us  no  good  sir; 
it'll  only  set  people  more  against  us.  But  it 
ain't  poor  min's  fault." 

As  I  was  anxious  to  witness  the  religious  zeal 
that  characterizes  these  people,  I  obtained  per- 
mission to  follow  one  of  the  priests  as  he  made 
his  rounds  among  his  flock.  Everywhere  the 
people  ran  out  to  meet  him.  He  had  just  re- 
turned to  them  I  found,  and  the  news  spread 
round,  and  women  crowded  to  their  door-steps, 
and  came  creeping  up  from  the  cellars  through 
the  trap- doors,  merely  to  curtsey  to  him.  One 
old  crone,  as  he  passed,  cried,  "You're  a  good 
father,  Heaven  comfort  you,"  and  the  boys  play- 
ing about  stood  still  to  watch  him.  A  lad,  in  a 
man's  tail  coat  and  a  shirt-collar  that  nearly 
covered  in  his  head — like  the  paper  round  a 
bouquet — was  fortunate  enough  to  be  noticed, 
and  his  eyes  sparkled,  as  he  touched  his  hair 
at  each  word  he  spoke  in  answer.  At  a  con- 
versation that  took  place  between  the  priest  and 
a  woman  who  kept  a  dry  fish-stall,  the  dame 
excused  herself  for  not  having  been  up  to  take 
tea  "  with  his  rivirince's  mother  lately,  for  thrade 
had  been  so  bisy,  and  night  was  the  fullest 
time."  Even  as  the  priest  walked  along  the 
street,  boys  running  at  full  speed  would  pull  up 
to  touch  their  hair,  and  the  stall-women  would 
rise  from  their  baskets;  while  all  noise— even  a 
quarrel — ceased  until  he  had  passed  by.  Still 


there  was  no  look  of  fear  in  the  people.  He 
called  them  all  by  their  names,  and  asked  after 
their  families,  and  once  or  twice  the  "father" 
was  taken  aside  and  held  by  the  button  while 
some  point  that  required  his  advice  was  whis- 
pered  in  his  ear. 

The  religious  fervour  of  the  people  whom  I 
saw  was  intense.  At  one  house  that  I  entered, 
the  woman  set  me  marvelling  at  the  strength  of 
her  zeal,  by  showing  me  how  she  contrived  to 
have  in  her  sitting-room  a  sanctuary  to  pray 
before  every  night  and  morning,  and  even  in 
the  day,  "  when  she  felt  weary  and  lonesome.  ' 
The  room  was  rudely  enough  furnished,  and  the 
only  decent  table  was  covered  with  a  new  piece 
of  varnished  cloth  ;  still  before  a  rude  print  of 
our  Saviour  there  were  placed  two  old  plated 
cMhdlesticks,  pink,  with  the  copper  shining 
through ;  and  here  it  was  that  she  told  her 
beads.  In  her  bed-room,  too,  was  a  coloured 
engraving  of  the  "Blessed  Lady,"  which  she 
never  passed  without  curtseying  to. 

Of  course  I  detail  these  matters  as  mere  facts, 
without  desiring  to  offer  any  opinion  here,  either 
as  to  the  benefit  or  otherwise  of  the  creed  in 
question.  As  I  had  shown  how  the  Englisk. 
costermonger  neither  had  nor  knew  any  religion 
whatever,  it  became  my  duty  to  give  the  reader 
a  view  of  the  religion  of  the  Irish  street-sellers. 
In  order  to  be  able  to  do  so  as  truthfully  as 
possible,  I  placed  myself  in  communication  with 
those  parties  who  were  in  a  position  to  give  me 
the  best  information  on  the  subject  The  result 
is  given  above,  in  all  the  simplicity  and  impar- 
tiality of  history. 

OF  THE  EDUCATION,  LITERATURE,  AMUSE- 
MENTS, AND  POLITICS  OF  THE  STREET- 
IRISH. 

THESE  several  heads  have  often  required  from 
me  lengthened  notices,  but  as  regards  the  clasn 
I  am  now  describing  they  may  be  dismissed 
briefly  enough.  The  majority  of  the  street-Irish 
whom  I  saw  were  unable  to  read,  but  I  found 
those  who  had  no  knowledge  of  reading — (and 
the  same  remark  applies  to  the  English  street- 
sellers  as  well) — regret  their  inability,  and  say, 
"I  wish  I  could  read,  sir;  I'd  be  better  off 
now."  On  the  other  hand,  those  who  had  ? 
knowledge  of  reading  and  writing,  said  fre- 
quently enough,  "  Why,  yes,  sir,  I  can  read 
and  write,  but  it's  been  no  good  to  me,"  as  if 
they  had  been  disappointed  in  their  expectations 
as  to  the  benefits  attendant  upon  scholarship. 
I  am  inclined  to  think,  however,  that  a  greater 
anxiety  exists  among  the  poor  generally,  to 
have  some  schooling  provided  for  their  children, 
than  was  the  case  a  few  years  back.  One 
Irishman  attributed  this  to  the  increased  number 
of  Roman  Catholic  schools,  "  for  the  more 
schools  there  are,"  he  said,  "the  more  people 
think  about  schooling  their  children." 

The  literature,  or  reading,  of  she  street- Irish 
is,  I  believe,  confined  to  Roman  Catholic  books, 
such  as  the  "  Lives  of  the  Saints,"  published  in 
a  cheap  form ;  one,  and  only  one,  I  found  with 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


US 


TIN:  WALLFLOWER  CJIKI  . 

[From  a 


No.  8. 


[1864.] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


115 


the  "  Niiicn"  newspaper.  The  very  poor  have 
uo  leisure  to  read.  Daring  three  days  spent  in 
visiting  the  slop-workers  at  the  East  end  of 
tne  town,  not  so  much  as  the  fragment  of  a 
leaf  of  a  book  was  seen. 

The  amusements  of  the  street- Irish  are  not 
those  of  the  English  costerraongers — though 
there  are  exceptions,  of  course,  to  the  remark. 
The  Irish  fathers  and  mothers  do  not  allow  their 
daughters,  even  when  they  possess  the  means,  to 
resort  to  the  "penny  gafls"  or  the  "twopenny 
hops,"  unaccompanied  by  them.  Some  of  the 
men  frequent  the  beer- shops,  and  are  inveterate 
drinkers  and  smokers  too.  I  did  not  hear  of  any 
amusements  popular  among,  or  much  resorted 
to,  by  the  Irishmen,  except  dancing  parties  at 
one  another's  houses,  where  they  jig  and  reel 
furiously.  They  frequent  raffles  also,  but  the 
article  is  often  never  thrown  for,  and  the  evening 
is  spent  in  dancing. 

I  may  here  observe — in  reference  to  the 
statement  that  Irish  parents  will  not  expose 
their  daughters  to  the  risk  of  what  they  con- 
sider corrupt  influences— that  when  a  young 
Irishwoman  does  break  through  the  pale  of 
chastity,  she  often  becomes,  as  I  was  assured, 
one  of  the  most  violent  and  depraved  of,  perhaps, 
tke  most  depraved  class. 

Of  politics,  I  think,  the  street-Irish  under- 
stand nothing,  and  my  own  observations  in  this 
respect  were  confirmed  by  a  remark  made  to 
me  by  an  Irish  gentleman  :  "  Their  politics  are 
either  a  dead  letter,  or  the  politics  of  their 
priests." 

THE  HOMES  OF  THE  STREET-IRISH. 
IN  almost  all  of  the  poorer  districts  of  London 
;  to  be  found  "  nests  of  Irish  " — as  they  are 
called — or  courts  inhabited  solely  by  the  Irish 
costermongers.  These  people  form  separate 
colonies,  rarely  visiting  or  mingling  with  the 
English  costers.  It  is  curious,  on  walking 
through  one  of  these  settlements,  to  notice 
the  manner  in  which  the  Irish  deal  among 
themselves — street-seller  buying  of  street- seller. 
Even  in  some  of  the  smallest  courts  there  may 
be  seen  stalls  of  vegetables,  dried  herrings,  or 
salt  cod,  thriving,  on  the  associative  principle, 
by  mutual  support. 

The  parts  of  London  that  are  the  most  thickly 
populated  with  Irish  lie  about  Brook-street,  llat- 
cliff-cross,  down  both  sides  of  the  Commercial- 
road,  and  in  Rosemary-lane,  though  nearly  all 
the  "  coaler- districts  "  cited  at  p.  47,  have  tluir 
h  settlements— Cro:  m-hill 

rig-street,  Drury- lane,  for  instance, 
peopled  with  the   Irish  ;  but  the  places 
bare  mentioned  above  are  peculiarly 
Uhed,   by  being  almost  entirely  peopled  by 
itors  from  tbe  sister  isle. 
The  same  system  of  immigration  in  pursued 
n  in  America.      As  soon  as  the  first 

in  his  newly  chosen  « 

certain   portion   of  his   or   her  earnings  are 
rcfully  Hoarded    up,   until   they  are  sonoie&t 
•-moval  of  .v  uh.-r  <>j' 


the  family  to  England ;  then  one  of  the  friends 
left  "  at  home  "  is  sent  for;  and  thus  by  degrees 
the  entire  family  is  got  over,  and  once  more 
united. 

Perhaps  there  is  no  quarter  of  London  where 
the  habits  and  habitations  of  the  Irish  can  be 
better  seen  and  studied  than  in  Rosemary- lane, 
and  the  little  courts  and  alleys  that  spring  from 
it  on  each  side.  Some  of  these  courts  have  other 
courts  branching  off  from  them,  so  that  the  loca- 
lity is  a  perfect  labyrinth  of  "  blind  alleys  ;"  and 
when  once  in  the  heart  of  the  maze  itisdilficult 
to  find  the  path  that  leads  to  the  main-road. 
As  you  walk  down  "  the  lane,"  and  peep  through 
the  narrow  openings  between  the  houses,  the 
place  seems  like  a  huge  peep-show,  with  dark 
holes  of  gateways  to  look  through,  while  the 
court  within  appears  bright  with  the  daylight ; 
and  down  it  are  seen  rough-headed  urchins 
running  with  their  feet  bare  through  the  pud- 
dles, and  bonuetless  girls,  huddled  in  shawls, 
lolling  against  the  door-posts.  Sometimes 
you  see  a  long  narrow  alley,  with  the  houses 
so  close  together  that  opposite  neighbours  are 
talking  from  their  windows  ;  while  the  ropes, 
stretched  zig-zag  from  wall  to  wall,  afford 
just  room  enough  to  dry  a  blanket  or  a  couple 
of  shirts,  that  swell  out  dropsically  in  the 
wind. 

I  visited  one  of  the  paved  yards  round  which 
the  Irish  live,  and  found  that  it  had  been  turned 
into  a  complete  drying-ground,  with  shirts, 
gowns,  and  petticoats  of  every  description  and 
colour.  The  buildings  at  the  end  were  com- 
pletely hidden  by  "  the  things,"  and  the  air  felt 
damp  and  chilly,  and  smelt  of  soap-suds.  The 
gutter  was  filled  with  dirty  gray  water  emptied 
from  the  wash-tubs,  and  on  the  top  were  the 
thick  bubbles  floating  about  under  the  breath  o* 
the  boys  "  playing  at  boats  "  with  them. 

It  is  the  custom  with  the  inhabitants  of  these 
courts   and  alleys  to  assemble  at  the  entrance 
with  their  baskets,  and  chat  and  smoke  away  the 
morning.     Every  court  entrance   has  its  little 
group   of   girls   and   women,   lolling   \i>: 
against  the   sides,  with  then    heads  unco, 
and  their  luxuriant  hair  fuzzy  as  oakum.     It  i> 
peculiar  with  the  Irish  women  that — after  having 
been   accustomed  to  their  hoods — they  seldon, 
wear  bonnets,  unless  on  a  long  journey.    N 
all  of  them,  too,  have  a  thick  plaid  shawl,  which 
they  keep   on  all  the  day  through,  with    their 
hands  covered   under  it.      At  the  nmuth 
only   thoroughfare   deserving   of  the    name   <>f 
street — for  a  cart  could  just  go  through  it— were 
congregated  about  thirty  men  and  women,  who 
rented  rooms  in  the  houses  on  each  side  of  Un- 
read.     Six  women,  with  baskets  of  dried  her* 
rings,  were  crouching  in  a  line  on  tin 
stone  with  the  fish  before  them  ;  their  legs  were 
drawn  up  so  closely  to  their  bodies  that  the  shawl 
covered  figure,  and  they  looked  rery 

'iiibolen"  sold  b> 

boys.     As  all  their  wares  were  alike,  it  wan  pui- 
xling  w?rk  toimu^;  ""f*" 

opposition,  they  could  each  obtain  a  living.     Tb« 


116 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON   POOR. 


men  were  dressed  in  long- tail  coats,  with  one  or 
two  brass  buttons.  One  old  dame,  with  a  face 
wrinkled  like  a  dried  plum,  had  her  cloak  placed 
over  her  head  like  a  hood,  and  the  grisly  hair 
hung  down  in  matted  hanks  about  her  face,  her 
black  eyes  shining  between  the  locks  like  those 
of  a  Skye  terrier;  beside  her  was  another  old 
woman  smoking  a  pipe  so  short  that  her  nose 
roached  over  the  bowl. 

After  looking  at  the  low  foreheads  and  long 
bulging  upper  lips  of  some  of  the  group,  it  was 
pleasant  to  gaze  upon  the  pretty  faces  of  the 
one  or  two  girls  that  lolled  against  the  wall. 
Their  black  hair,  smoothed  with  grease,  and 
shining  almost  as  if  "japanned,"  and  their  large 
gray  eyes  with  the  thick  dark  fringe  of  lash, 
seemed  out  of  place  among  the  hard  features 
of  their  companions.  It  was  only  by  looking  at 
the  short  petticoats  and  large  feet  you  could 
assure  yourself  that  they  belonged  to  the  same 
Hass. 

In  all  the  houses  that  I  entered  were  traces  of 
household  care  and  neatness  that  I  had  little 
rxpectrd  to  have  seen.  The  cupboard  fastened 
in  the  corner  of  the  room,  and  stocked  with  mugs 
and  cups,  the  mantelpiece  with  its  images,  and 
the  walls  covered  with  showy- coloured  prints  of 
saints  and  martjrs,  gave  an  air  of  comfort  that 
strangely  disagreed  with  the  reports  of  the  cabins 
in  "ould  Ireland."  As  the  doors  to  the  houses 
were  nearly  all  of  them  kept  open,  I  could,  even 
whilst  walking  along,  gain  some  notion  of  the 
furniture  of  the  homes.  In  one  house  that  I 
visited  there  was  a  family  of  five  persons,  living 
on  the  ground  floor  and  occupying  two  rooma. 
The  boards  were  strewn  with  red  sand,  and  the 
front  apartment  had  three  beds  in  it,  with  the 
printed  curtains  drawn  closely  round.  In  a 
dark  room,  at  the  back,  lived  the  family  itself. 
It  was  fitted  up  as  a  parlour,  and  crowded  to 
excess  with  chairs  and  tables,  the  very  staircase 
having  pictures  fastened  against  the  wooden 
partition.  The  fire,  although  it  was  midday, 
and  a  warm  autumn  morning,  served  as  much 
for  light  as  for  heat,  and  round  it  crouched  the 
mother,  children,  and  visitors,  bending  over  the 
flame  as  if  in  the  severest  winter  time.  In  a 
room  above  this  were  a  man  and  woman  lately 
arrived  in  England.  The  woman  sat  huddled 
up  in  a  comer  smoking,  with  the  husband 
standing  over  her  in,  what  appeared  at  first,  a 
menacing  attitude;  I  was  informed,  however, 
that  they  were  only  planning  for  the  future. 
This  room  was  perfectly  empty  of  furniture,  and 
the  once  white- washed  walls  were  black,  except- 
ing the  little  square  patches  which  showed 
where  the  pictures  of  the  former  tenants  had 
hung.  In  another  room,  I  found  a  home  so 
small  and  full  of  furniture,  that  it  was  almost  a 
curiosity  for  domestic  management  The  bed, 
with  its  chintz  curtains  looped  up,  filled  one 
end  of  the  apartment,  but  the  mattress  of  it 
served  as  a  long  bench  for  the  visitors  to  sit  on. 
The  table  was  so  large  that  it  divided  the  room 
in  two,  and  if  there  was  one  picture  there  must 
have  been  thirty —all  of  "  holy  men,"  with  yellow 


glories  round  their  heads.  The  window-ledge 
was  dressed  out  with  crockery,  and  in  a  tumbler 
were  placed  the  beads.  The  old  dame  herseH 
was  as  curious  as  her  room.  Her  shawl  was 
fastened  over  her  large  frilled  cap.  She  had  a 
little  "  button"  of  a  nose,  with  the  nostrils  enter- 
ng  her  face  like  bullet  holes.  She  wore  over 
her  gown  an  old  pilot  coat,  well-stained  with 
fish  slime,  and  her  petticoats  being  short,  she 
had  very  much  the  appearance  of  a  Dutch  fish- 
erman or  stage  smuggler. 

Her  story  was  affecting  —  made  more  so, 
perhaps,  by  the  emotional  manner  in  which  slit- 
related  it.  Nine  years  ago  "the  father"  of 
the  district — "  the  Blissed  Lady  guard  him !  "- 
had  found  her  late  at  night,  rolling  in  the 
gutter,  and  the  boys  pelting  her  with  orange- 
peel  and  mud.  She  was  drunk — "  the  Lorrud 
pass  by  her" — and  when  she  came  to,  she 
found  herself  in  the  chapel,  lying  before  the 
sanctuary,  "  under  the  shadow  of  the  holy  cross." 
Watching  over  her  was  the  "  good  father," 
trying  to  bring  back  her  consciousness.  lie 
spoke  to  her  of  her  wickedness,  and  before  she- 
left  she  took  the  pledge  of  temperance.  Fnmi 
that  time  she  prospered,  and  the  Is.  6V.  the 
"father"  gave  her  "had  God's  blissin'  in  it,'-' 
for  she  became  the  best  dressed  woman  in  the 
court,  and  in  less  than  three  years  had  I;}/,  in 
the  savings'  bank,  "the  father — Heaven  ehirish 
him" — keeping  her  book  for  her,  as  he  did  for 
other  poor  people.  She  also  joined  "  the  Asso- 
ciation of  the  Blissed  Lady,"  (and  bought  her- 
self the  dress  of  the  order  "  a  beautiful  grane 
vilvit,  which  she  had  now,  and  which  same 
cost  her  30s."),  and  then  she  was  secure  against 
want  in  old  age  and  sickness.  But  after  nine 
years  prudence  and  comfort,  a  brother  of  hers 
returned  home  from  the  army,  with  a  pension  of 
1*.  a  day.  He  was  wild,  and  persuaded  her  to 
break  her  pledge,  and  in  a  short  time  he  got  al 
her  savings  from  her  and  spent  every  penny.  She 
could' nt  shake  him  off,  "  for  he  was  the  onlj 
kin  she  had  on-airth,"  and  "she  must  love  her 
own  flish  and  bones."  Then  began  her  misery. 
"  It  plased  God  to  visit  her  ould  limbs  with 
aches  and  throubles,  and  her  hips  swole  with 
the  cowld,"  so  that  she  was  at  last  forced  into 
a  hospital,  and  all  that  was  left  of  her  store  was 
"  aten  up  by  sufferin's."  This,  she  assurec 
me,  all  came  about  by  the  "good  father's' 
leaving  that  parish  for  another  one,  but  now  he 
had  returned  to  them  again,  and,  with  his  help 
and  God's  blessing,  she  would  yet  prosper  once 
more. 

Whilst  I  was  in  the  room,  the  father  entered, 
and  "old  Norah,"  half- divided  between  joy 
at  seeing  him  and  share*  at  "  being  again  a 
beggar,"  laughed  and  wept  at  the  same  time 
She  stood  wiping  her  eyes  with  the  shawl  an* 
groaning  out  blessings  on  "his  rivirince's  hid," 
begging  of  him  not  "  to  scould  her  for  she  wa* 
a  wake  woman."  The  renegade  brother  was 
had  in  to  receive  a  lecture  from  "his  rivirince.' 
A  more  sottish  Miotic  face  it  would  be  diifv-ult 
to  imagine.  Me  stood  with  his  h; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


117 


down  like  the  paws  of  a  dog  begging,  and  his 
two  small  eyes  stared  in  the  face  of  the  priest,  as 
he  censured  him,  without  the  least  expression 
even  of  consciousness.  Old  Norah  stood  by, 
groaning  like  a  bagpipe,  and  writhing  while  the 
father  spoke  to  her  "  own  brother,"  as  though 
every  reproach  were  meant  for  her. 

The  one  thing  that  struck  me  during  my  visit 
to  this  neighbourhood,  was  the  apparent  listless- 
ness  and  lazy  appearance  of  the  people.  The 
boys  at  play  were  the  only  beings  who  seemed 
to  have  any  life  in  their  actions.  The  women 
in  their  plaid  shawls  strolled  along  the  pave- 
ments, stopping  each  friend  for  a  chat,  or 
joining  some  circle,  and  leaning  against  the  wall 
as  though  utterly  deficient  in  energy.  The  men 
smoked,  with  their  hands  in  their  pockets,  lis- 
tening to  the  old  crones  talking,  and  only  now 
and  then  grunting  out  a  reply  when  a  question 
was  directly  put  to  them.  And  yet  it  is  curious 
that  these  people,  who  here  seemed  as  inactive 
^roes,  will  perform  the  severest  bodily 
labour,  undertaking  tasks  that  the  English  are 
almost  unfitted  for. 

To  complete  this  account,  I  subjoin  a  brief 
description  of  the  lodging-houses  resorted  to 
by  the  Irish  immigrants  on  their  arrival  in 
this  country. 

IRISH  LODGING-HOUSES  FOR  IMMIGRANTS. 

N   an  Irish  immigrant,  whose  object  is  to 

settle  in  London,  arrives  by  the  Cork  steamer 

without   knowing    a  single  friend  to  whom  he 

can  apply  for  house-room  or  assistance  of  any 

kind.     Sometimes  a  whole  family  is  landed  late 

.t,  worn  out  by  sickness  and  the  terrible 

fatigues  of  a  three  days'  deck  passage,  almost 

ii,  and  scarcely  able  to 

.ough  to  inquire  for  shelter  till 

morn 

If  the  immigrants,   however,   are   bound    for 

•a,  their  lot  is  very  different.     Then  they 

are  consigned  to  some  agent  in   London,   who 

is  always  on  the  wharf  at  the  time  the  steamer 

.  and  takes  the  strangers  to  the  homes 

he  has  prepared  for  them   until  the  New  York 

ts.     During  the  two  or  three  days' 

rv  stay  in  London,  they  are  provided  for 

.  and  no  trouble  is  ex- 

perieii'  A  large  provision- 

•"ld    me    that    IP 
;    as   many  as    '>(» 
.     by    one    vi-ssrl.     so    ' 

their  lodgings  was  like  walking  at 
the  h« I 

London 
have  i 

nl'  the 

• 

lodging-houses  almost   start.' 

fort  n  s$  of  the  rooms;  for  a 


descriptions  you  hear  of  the  state  in  which  the 
deck  passengers  are  landed  from  the  Irish  boats, ' 
their  clothes  stained  with  the  manure  of  the 
pigs,  and  drenched  with  the  spray,  you  some- 
how expect  to  find  all  the  accommodations 
disgusting  and  unwholesome.  But  one  in 
particular,  that  I  visited,  had  the  floor  clean, 
and  sprinkled  with  red  sand,  while  the  win- 
dows were  sound,  bright,  and  transparent. 
The  hobs  of  the  large  fire-place  were  piled 
up  with  bright  tin  pots,  and  the  chimney 
piece  was  white  and  red  with  the  china 
images  ranged  upon  it.  In  one  comer  of 
the  principal  apartment  there  stood  two  or 
three  boxes  still  corded  up,  and  with  bundles 
strung  to  the  sides,  and  against  the  wall  was 
hung  a  bunch  of  blue  cloaks,  such  as  the 
Irishwomen  wear.  The  proprietor  of  the  house, 
who  was  dressed  in  a  gray  tail-coat  and  knee- 
breeches,  that  had  somewhat  the  effect  of  a  foot- 
man's livery,  told  me  that  he  had  received 
seven  lodgers  the  day  before,  but  six  were  men, 
and  they  were  all  out  seeking  for  work.  In 
front  of  the  fire  sat  a  woman,  bending  over  it  so 
close  that  the  bright  cotton  gown  she  had  on 
smelt  of  scorching.  Her  feet  were  bare,  and 
she  held  the  soles  of  them  near  to  the  bars, 
curling  her  toes  about  with  the  heat.  She  was 
a  short,  thick-set  woman,  with  a  pair  of  won- 
derfully muscular  arms  crossed  over  her  bosom 
and  her  loose  rusty  hair  streaming  over  he* 
neck.  It  was  in  vain  that  I  spoke  to  her 
about  her  journey,  for  she  wouldn't  answer  me, 
but  kept  her  round,  open  eyes  fixed  on  my  face 
with  a  wild,  nervous  look,  following  me  about 
with  them  everywhere. 

Across  the  room  hung  a  line,  with  the  newly- 
washed  and  well-patched  clothes  of  the  immi- 
grants hanging  to  it,  and  on  a  side-table  were 
the  six  yellow  basins  that  had  been  med  for 
the  men's  breakfasts.  During  my  visit,  the 
neighbours,  having  observed  a  strange  gentle- 
man enter,  came  pouring  in,  each  preferring 
some  fresh  bit  of  news  about  their  newly- 
arrived  countrymen.  1  was  nearly  stun  led  by 
half-a-dozen  voices  speaking  together,  ai  d  tell- 
ing me  how  the  poor  people  had  been  four  days 
"at  say,"  so  that  they  were  glad  to  get  near  the 
pigs  for  "warrumth,"  and  instructing  me  as  to 
tin-  best  mannvr  of  laying  out  the  sum  of 
money  that  it  was  supposed  I  was  about  to 
shower  down  upon  the  immigiai.ts. 

In  one  of  the  vorst  class  of  lodging-houses  I 
found  ten  human  beings  living  together  in  a 
small  room.  Tin-  apartment  was  entirely  d<  - 

•    all    furniture,  excepting  an  old  n 
rolled  up  against   the  wall,  and  a  dirty  ] 
cloth    hung    terOM    one    conn  T.  to    srnvn    the 
women  whilst  dressing.     An  old  man,  the  lalht  r 
s  seated  n;i 

:ig  shoes,  and  the  other  men  wt  re  : 

Oil     with     their     li:n  :      pockets, 

e    huddle. i 

talking   ii 
All   these    ]  .  d  to  l.e  ul 

1 


118 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


that  I  couldn't  help  asking  some  of  them  if 
they  had  tried  to  obtain  work.  Every  one 
turned  to  a  good-poking  young  fellow  lolling 
against  the  wall,  as  if  they  expected  him  to 
answer  for  them.  "  Ah,  sure,  and  that  they 
have,"  was  the  reply;  "it's  the  docks  they 
have  tried,  worrus  luck."  The  others  appeared 
struck  with  the  truthfulness  of  the  answer, 
for  they  all  shook  their  heads,  and  said,  "  Sure 
an'  that's  thruth,  anyhow."  Here  my  Irish 
guide  ventured  an  observation,  by  remarking 
solemnly,  "  It's  no  use  tilling  a  lie ;"  to  which 
/he  whole  room  assented,  by  exclaiming  alto- 
gether, "Thrue  for  you,  Norah."  The  chosen 
spokesman  then  told  me,  "  They  paid  half-a- 
crown  a  week  for  the  room,  and  that  was  as  much 
as  they  could  earrun,  and  it  was  starruve  they 
should  if  the  neighbours  didn't  hilp  them  a 
bit."  I  asked  them  if  they  were  better  off 
over  here  than  when  in  Ireland,  but  could  get 
no  direct  answer,  for  my  question  only  gave 
rise  to  a  political  discussion.  "  There  's  plenty 
of  food  over  here,"  said  the  spokesman,  ad- 
dressing his  companions  as  much  as  myself, 
"  plenty  of  'taties — plenty  of  mate — plenty  of 
porruk."  "But  where  the  use,"  observed  my 
guide,  "  if  there's  no  money  to  buy  'em 
wid  ?"  to  which  the  audience  muttered,  "  Thrue 
for  you  again,  Norah ;"  and  so  it  went  on,  each 
one  pleading  poverty  in  the  most  eloquent 
style. 

After  I  had  left,  the  young  fellow  who  had 
acted  as  spokesman  followed  me  into  the  street, 
and  taking  me  into  a  corner,  told  me  that  he 
was  a  "  sailor  by  thrade,  but  had  lost  his  'rigis- 
thration-ticket,'  or  he'd  have  got  a  berruth  long 
since,  and  that  it  was  all  for  3s.  6d.  he  wasn't 
at  say." 

Concerning  the  number  of  Irish  immigrants, 
I  have  obtained  the  following  information  : 

The  great  influx  of  the  Irish  into  London 
was  in  the  year  of  the  famine,  1847-8.  This 
cannot  be  better  shown  than  by  citing  the  re- 
turns of  the  number  of  persons  admitted  into 
the  Asylum  for  the  Houseless  Poor,  in  Play- 
house-yard, Cripplegate.  These  returns  I  ob- 
tained for  fourteen  years,  and  the  average  num- 
ber of  admissions  of  the  applicants  from  all 
parts  during  that  time  was  8,794  yearly.  Of 
these,  the  Irish  averaged  2,455  yearly,  or  con- 
siderably more  than  a  fourth  of  the  whole 
number  received.  The  total  number  of  ap- 
plicants thus  sheltered  in  the  fourteen  years  was 
130,62-5,  of  which  the  Irish  numbered  34,378. 
The  smallest  number  of  Irish  (men,  women, 
and  children)  admitted,  was  in  1834-5,  about 
300  ;  in  1846-7,  it  was  as  many  as  7,576,  while 
in  1847-8,  it  was  10,756,  and  in  1848-9,  5,068. 

But  it  was  into  Liverpool  that  the  tide  of  im- 
migration flowed  the  strongest,  in  the  calamitous 
year  of  the  famine.  "  Between  the  13th  Jan, 
and  the  13th  Dec.,  both  inclusive,"  writes  Mr. 
Rufhton,  the  Liverpool  magistrate,  to  Sir  G. 
Grey,  on  the  21st  April  last,  "296,231  persons 
landed  in  this  port  (Liverpool)  from  Ireland. 
Of  this  vast  number,  about  130,000  emigrated  to 


the  United  States;  some  50,000  were  passo>n« 
gers  on  business;  and  the  remainder  (161,231), 
mere  paupers,  half-naked  and  starving,  landed, 
for  the  most  part,  during  the  winter,  and  became, 
immediately  on  landing,  applicants  for  parochial 
relief.  You  already  know  the  immediate  results 
of  this  accumulation  of  misery  in  the  crowded 
town  of  Liverpool ;  of  the  cost  of  relief  at  once 
rendered  necessary  to  prevent  the  thousands  of 
hungry  and  naked  Irish  perishing  in  our  streets ; 
and  also  of  the  cost  of  the  pestilence  which 
generally  follows  in  the  train  of  famine  and 

misery  such  as  we  then  bad  to  encounter 

Hundreds  of  patients  perished,  notwithstanding 
all  efforts  made  to  save  them ;  and  ten  Roman 
Catholic  and  one  Protestant  clergyman,  many 
parochial  officers,  and  many  medical  men,  who 
devoted  themselves  to  the  task  of  alleviating  the 
sufferings  of  the  wretched,  died  in  the  discharge 
of  these  high  duties." 

Great  numbers  of  these  people  were,  at  the 
same  time,  also  conveyed  from  Ireland  to  Wales, 
especially  to  Newport.  They  were  brought  over 
by  coal-vessels  as  a  return  cargo — a  living  ballast 
— 2s.  6d.  being  the  highest  fare,  and  were  huddled 
together  like  pigs.  The  manager  of  the  Newport 
tramp-house  has  stated  concerning  these  people, 
"  They  don't  live  long,  diseased  as  they  are. 
They  are  ve~y  remarkable ;  they  will  eat  salt 
by  basons-full,  and  drink  a  great  quantity  of 
water  after.  I  have  frequently  known  those 
who  could  not  have  been  hungry  eat  cabbage- 
leaves  and  other  refuse  from  the  ash-heap." 

It  is  necessary  that  I  should  thus  briefly 
allude  to  this  matter,  as  there  is  no  doubt  that 
some  of  these  people,  making  their  way  to 
London,  soon  became  street- sellers  there,  and 
many  of  them  took  to  the  business  subse- 
quently, when  there  was  no  employment  in 
harvesting,  hop-picking,  &c.  Of  the  poor 
wretches  landed  at  Liverpool,  many  (Mr. 
Rushton  states)  became  beggars,  and  many 
thieves.  Many,  *here  is  no  doubt,  tramped 
their  way  to  London,  sleeping  at  the  "  casual 
wards  "  of  the  Unions  on  their  way ;  but  I  believe 
that  of  those  who  had  become  habituated  to  the 
practice  of  beggary  or  theft,  few  or  none  would 
follow  the  occupation  of  street-selling,  as  even 
the  half-passive  industry  of  such  a  calling 
would  be  irksome  to  the  apathetic  and  dis- 
honest. 

Of  the  immigration,  direct  by  the  vessels 
trading  from  Ireland  to  London,  there  are  no 
returns  such  has  have  been  collected  by  Mr. 
Rushton  for  Liverpool,  but  the  influx  is  com- 
paratively small,  on  account  of  the  greater 
length  and  cost  of  the  voyage.  During 
the  last  year  I  am  informed  that  15,000  or 
16,000  passengers  were  brought  from  Ireland 
to  London  direct,  and,  in  addition  to  these,  500 
more  were  brougM  over  from  Cork  in  connec- 
tion with  the  arrangements  for  emigration  to  the 
United  States,  and  consigned  to  the  emigration 
agent  here.  Of  the  15,500  (taking  the  mean 
between  the  two  numbers  above  given)  1,000 
emigrated  to  the  United  States.  It  appears, 


LONDON  LABOUR 


THE  LONDON  POOR. 


119 


on  the  authority  of  Mr.  Rushton,  that  even  in 
the  great  year  of  the  immigration,  more  than  one- 
sixth  of  the  passengers  from  Ireland  to  Dublin 
came  on  business.  It  may,  then,  be  reasonable 
to  calculate  that  during  last  year  one-fourth  at 
least  of  the  passengers  to  London  had  the  same 
object  in  view,  leaving  about  10,000  persons 
who  have  either  emigrated  to  British  North 
America,  Australia,  &c.,  or  have  resorted  to 
some  mode  of  subsistence  in  the  metropolis  or 
the  adjacent  parts.  Besides  these  there  are  the 
numbers  who  make  their  way  up  to  London, 
tramping  it  from  the  several  provincial  ports — 
namely,  Liverpool,  Bristol,  Newport,  and  Glas- 
gow. Of  these  I  have  no  means  of  forming  any 
estimate,  or  of  the  proportion  who  adopt  street- 
selling  on  their  arrival  here — all  that  can  be  said 
is,  that  the  influx  of  Irish  into  the  street-trade 
every  year  must  be  very  considerable.  I  believe, 
however,  that  only  those  who  "  have  friends  in 
the  line"  resort  to  street- selling  on  their  arrival 
in  London,  though  all  may  make  it  a  resource 
when  other  endeavours  fail.  The  great  immi- 
gration into  London  is  from  Cork,  the  average 
cost  of  a  deck  passage  being  5*.  The  immi- 
grants direct  to  London  from  Cork  are  rarely 
of  the  poorest  class. 

OP  THE  DIET,  DRINK,  AND  EXPENSE  OF 
LIVING  OP  THE  STREET-IRISH. 

THE  diet  of  the  Irish  men,  women,  and  children, 
who  obtain  a  livelihood  (or  what  is  so  designated) 
by  street-sale  in  London,  has,  I  am  told,  on  good 
authority,  experienced  a  change.  In  the  lodg- 
ing-houses that  they  resorted  to,  their  breakfast, 
two  or  three  years  ago,  was  a  dish  of  potatoes — 
two,  three,  or  four  Ibs.,  or  more,  in  weight — for  a 
family.  Now  half  an  ounce  of  coffee  (half  chi- 
cory) costs  $rf.,  and  that,  with  the  half  or  cpuarter 
of  a  loaf,  according  to  the  number  in  family,  is 
atmwt  always  their  breakfast  at  the  present  time. 
When  their  constant  diet  was  potatoes,  there 
were  frequent  squabbles  at  the  lodging-houses 
— to  which  many  of  the  poor  Irish  on  their 

rrival  resort— as  to  whether  the  potato- 
pot  or  the  tea-kettle  should  have  the  prefer- 
ence on  the  fire.  A  man  of  superior  intelli- 
gence, who  had  been  driven  to  sleep  and  eat 
occasionally  in  lodging-houses,  told  me  of  some 
dialogues  he  had  heard  on  these  occasions: — 
"  It'*  about  three  years  ago,"  he  said,  "since  I 

heard  a  bitter  old  Englishwoman  say,  'To 

with  your  'taty-jmt ;  they're  only  meat  for  pigs.' 

.  thin,'  said  a  young  Irishman — he  was 
a  nice  'cute  fellow  — '  sure,  thin,  ma'am,  I 
should  be  afthcr  offering  you  a  taste.'  1  heard 
that  11  may  have  noticed,  that 

when  an  Irishman  doesn't  get  out  < 

."sen  his  politenesa,  or  rather  his  blarney." 
dinner,  or  second  meal  of  the  day — 
a*»umii>K  that  there  has  been  a  breakfast — 
ordinarily  consist*  of  cheap  fish  and  potatoes. 
•  of  the  poor  Rttcet-Irish  I  had 
aa  Account  from  a  litlle  Irishman,  then  keep- 
ing an  oyater-ntaK,  though  he  generally  sold 
fruit  In  all  such  dcUiU  1  bav  found  th« 


Irish  far  more  communicative  than  the  English, 
Many  a  poor  untaught  Englishman  will  shrink 
from  speaking  of  his  spare  diet,  and  hia  trouble 
to  procure  that;  a  reserve,  too,  much  more 
noticeable  among  the  men  than  the  women. 
My  Irish  informant  told  me  he  usually  had  his 
breakfast  at  a  lodging-house—he  preferred  a 
lodging-house,  he  said,  on  account  of  the 
warmth  and  the  society.  Here  he  boiled  half 
an  ounce  of  coffee,  costing  a  \d.  He  pur- 
chased of  his  landlady  the  fourth  of  a  quartern 
loaf  (\\d.  or  l$rf.)»  for  she  generally  cut  a 
quartern  loaf  into  four  for  her  single  men 
lodgers,  such  as  himself,  clearing  sometimes  a 
farthing  or  two  thereby.  For  dinner,  my 
informant  boiled  at  the  lodging-house  two  or 
three  Ibs.  of  potatoes,  costing  nsually  Irf.  or  l^rf., 
and  fried  three,  or  four  herrings,  or  aa  many 
as  cost  a  penny.  He  sometimes  mashed  his 
potatoes,  and  spread  over  them  the  herrings,  the 
fatty  portion  of  which  flavoured  the  potatoes, 
which  were  further  flavoured  by  the  roes  of  the 
herrings  being  crushed  into  them.  He  drank 
water  to  this  meal,  and  the  cost  of  the  whole 
was  Id.  or  2Jrf.  A  neighbouring  stall-keeper 
attended  to  this  man's  stock  in  his  absence  at 
dinner,  and  my  informant  did  the  same  for 
him  in  his  turn.  For  "  tea  "  he  expended  Id. 
on  cofiee,  or  \\d.  on  tea,  being  a  "cup"  of 
tea,  or  "  half-pint  of  coffee,"  at  a  coffee-shop. 
Sometimes  he  had  a  halfpenny-worth  of  butter, 
and  with  his  tea  he  ate  the  bread  he  had  saved 
from  his  breakfast,  and  which  he  had  carried  in 
his  pocket.  He  had  no  butter  to  his  breakfast. 
he  said,  for  he  could  not  buy  less  than  a  penny- 
worth about  where  he  lodged,  and  this  was  too 
dear  for  one  meal.  On  a  Sunday  morning  how- 
ever he  generally  had  butter,  sometimes  joining 
with  a  fellow-lodger  for  a  pennyworth  ;  for  his 
Sunday  dinner  he  had  a  piece  of  meat,  which 
cost  him  Id.  on  the  Saturday  night  Supper 
he  dispensed  with,  but  if  he  felt  much  tired 
he  had  a  half-pint  of  beer,  which  was  three 
farthings  "in  his  own  jug,"  before  he  went  to 
bed,  about  nine  or  ten,  as  he  did  little  or 
nothing  late  at  night,  except  on  Saturday. 
He  thus  spent  4Jd.  a  day  for  food,  and  reckon- 
ing 1\d.  extra  for  somewhat  better  fare  on  a 
Sunday,  his  board  was  2s.  lOd.  a  wet*.  His 
earnings  he  computed  at  5*.,  and  thus  he  had 
2*.  2d.  weekly  for  other  expenses.  Of  these 
there  was  1*.  for  lodging ;  2d.  or  3rf.  for 
washing  (but  this  not  «  very  week);  \d.  for  a 
Sunday  morning's  shave;  Id.  "for  his  reli- 
gion" (as  he  worded  it);  and  6d.  for  "odd. 
and  ends,"  such  as  thread  to  mend  his  clothes, 
of  leather  to  patch  his  shoes,  worsted 
to  darn  his  storkings.  \-c.  He  was  subj 
rheumatism,  or  "  he  might  have  saved  a  triflo 
of  money."  Judging  by  his  methodical  habits, 
it  waa  probable  he  had  done  so.  He  had 
nothing  (juenc*  of  his  countrymeOi 

and  seemed  indeed  of  rather  a  morose  turn. 

A  family  boarding  together  live  even  cheaper 
than  tins  man,  for  more  potatoes  and  lest  nab 
fail  to  the  share  of  the  children.  A  meal  'm  .1 


120 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


not  unfrequently  saved  in  this  manner: — 
If  a  man,  his  wife,  and  two  children,  all  go 
out  in  the  streets  selling,  they  breakfast  hefore 
starting,  and  perhaps  agree  to  re-assemble  at 
four  o'clock.  Then  the  wife  prepares  the  dinner 
•f  fish  and  potatoes,  and  so  tea  is  dispensed  with. 
In  that  case  the  husband's  and  wife's  board 
would  be  4d.  or  4>\d.  a  day  each,  the  children's 
3d.  or  3$d.  each,  and  giving  l$d.  extra  to  each 
for  Sunday,  the  weekly  cost  is  10*.  3d.  Sup- 
posing the  husband  and  wife  cleared  5s.  a  week 
each,  and  the  children  each  3*.,  their  earnings 
would  be  16s.  The  balance  is  the  surplus  left 
to  pay  rent,  washing,  firing,  and  clothing. 

From  what  I  can  ascertain,  the  Irish  street- 
seller  can  always  live  at  about  half  the  cost 
of  the  English  costermonger ;  the  Englishman 
must  have  butter  for  his  bread,  and  meat  at  no 
long  intervals,  for  he  "  hates  fish  more  than 
once  a  week."  It  is  by  this  spareness  of 
living,  as  well  as  by  frequently  importunate 
and  mendacious  begging,  that  the  street-Irish 
manage  to  save  money. 

The  diet  I  have  spoken  of  is  generally,  but 
not  universally,  that  of  the  poor  street- Irish ; 
those  who  live  differently,  do  not,  as  a  rule, 
incur  greater  expense. 

It  is  difficult  to  ascertain  in  what  proportion 
the  Irish  street-sellers  consume  strong  drink, 
when  compared  with  the  consumption  of  the 
English  costers ;  as  a  poor  Irishman,  if  ques- 
tioned on  that  or  any  subject,  will  far  more 
frequently  shape  his  reply  to  what  he  thinks  will 
please  his  querist  and  induce  a  trifle  for  himself, 
than  answer  according  to  the  truth.  The  land- 
lord of  a  large  public-house,  after  inquiring  of 
his  assistants,  that  his  opinions  might  be  checked 
by  theirs,  told  me  that  in  one  respect  there  was 
a  marked  difference  between  the  beer-drinking 
of  the  two  people.  He  considered  that  in  the 
poor  streets  near  his  house  there  were  residing 
quite  as  many  Irish  street- sellers  and  labourers 
as  English,  but  the  instances  in  which  the  Irish 
conveyed  beer  to  their  own  rooms,  as  a  portion 
of  their  meals,  was  not  as  1  in  20  compared 
with  the  English  :  "  I  have  read  your  work, 
sir,"  he  said,  "and  I  know  that  you  are  quite 
right  in  saying  that  the  costermongers  go  for  a 
good  Sunday  dinner.  I  don't  know  what  my 
customers  are  except  by  their  appearance,  but  I 
do  know  that  many  are  costermongers,  and  by  the 
best  of  all  proofs,  for  I  have  bought  fish,  fruit, 
and  vegetables  of  them.  Well,  now,  we'll  take 
a  fine  Sunday  in  spring  or  summer,  when  times 
are  pretty  good  with  them ;  and,  perhaps,  in  the 
ten  minutes  after  my  doors  are  opened  at  one  on 
the  Sunday,  there  are  100  customers  for  their 
dinner-beer.  Nearly  three-quarters  of  these  are 
working  men  and  their  wives,  working  either  in 
the  streets,  or  at  their  indoor  trades,  such  as 
tailoring.  But  among  the  number,  .I'm  satis- 
fied, there  are  not  more  than  two  Irishmen. 
There  may  be  three  or  four  Irishwomen,  but  one 
of  my  barmen  tells  me  he  knows  that  two  of 
them  —  very  well-behaved  and  good-looking 
women — are  married  to  Englishmen.  In  ray 


opinion  the  proportion,  as  to  Sunday  dmiter- 
beer,  between  English  and  Irish,  may  be  two 
or  three  in  70." 

An  Irish  gentleman  and  his  wife,  who  are 
both  well  acquainted  with  the  habits  and  con- 
dition of  the  people  in  their  own  country,  in- 
formed me,  that  among  the  classes  who, 
though  earning  only  scant  incomes,  could 
not  well  be  called  "impoverished,"  the  use 
of  beer,  or  even  of  small  ale  —  known,  now 
or  recently — as  "  Thunder's  thruppeny,"  was 
very  unfrequent.  Even  in  many  "  independ- 
ent" families,  only  water  is  drunk  at  din- 
ner, with  punch  to  follow.  This  shows  the 
accuracy  of  the  information  I  derived  from 

Mr. (the  innkeeper),  for  persons  unused  to 

the  drinking  of  malt  liquor  in  their  own  coun- 
try are  not  likely  to  resort  to  it  afterwards, 
when  their  means  are  limited.  I  was  further 
informed,  that  reckoning  the  teetotallers  among 
the  English  street-sellers  at  300,  there  are  600 
among  the  Irish, — teetotallers  too,  who,  having 
taken  the  pledge,  under  the  sanction  of  their 
priests,  and  looking  upon  it  as  a  religious  ob- 
ligation, keep  it  rigidly. 

The  Irish  street- sellers  who  frequent  the  gin- 
palaces  or  public-houses,  drink  a  pot  of  beer,  in 
a  company  of  three  or  four,  but  far  more  fre- 
quently, a  quartern  of  gin  (very  seldom  whisky) 
oftener  than  do  the  English.  Indeed,  from  all 
I  could  ascertain,  the  Irish  ^.reet- sellers,  whe- 
ther from  inferior  earnings,  their  early  training, 
or  the  restraints  of  their  priests,  drink  less  beer, 
by  one-fourth,  than  their  English  brethren,  but 
a  larger  proportion  of  gin.  "  And  you  must  bear 
this  in  mind,  sir,"  I  was  told  by  an  innkeeper, 
"  I  had  rather  have  twenty  poor  Englishmen 
drunk  in  my  tap-room  than  a  couple  of  poor 
Irishmen.  They'  11  quarrel  with  anybody — 
the  Irish  will — and  sometimes  clear  the  room 
by  swearing  they'll  '  use  their  knives,  by  Jasus  ;' 
and  if  there's  a  scuffle  they'll  kick  like  devils, 
and  scratch,  and  bite,  like  women  or  cats,  in- 
stead of  using  their  fists.  I  wish  all  the  drunk- 
ards were  teetotallers,  if  it  were  only  to  be  rid 
of  them." 

Whiskey,  I  was  told,  would  be  drunk  by  the 
Irish,  in  preference  to  gin,  were  it  not  that  gin 
was  about  half  the  price.  One  old  Irish  fruit- 
seller — who  admitted  that  he  was  fond  of  a 
glass  of  gin — told  me  that  he  had  not  tasted 
whiskey  for  fourteen  years,  "  becase  of  the 
price."  The  Irish,  moreover,  as  I  have  shown, 
live  on  stronger  and  coarser  food  than  the 
English,  buying  all  the  rough  (bad)  fish,  for,  to 
use  the  words  of  one  of  my  informants,  they 
look  to  quantity  more  than  quality  ;  this  may 
account  for  the;r  preferring  a  stronger  and  fiercer 
stimulant  by  way  of  drink. 

OF  THE  RESOURCES  OF   THE   STREET- IRISH 

AS    REGARDS    "  STOCK-MONEY,"     SlCKNES.-., 

BURIALS,  &c. 

IT  is  not  easy  to  ascertain  from  the  poor  Irish 
themselves  how  they  raise  their  stock-money, 
for  their  command  of  money  is  a  subject  OB 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POO  A. 


121 


which  they  are  not  communicative,  or,  if  com- 
municative, not  truthful.  "  My  opinion  is," 
suid  an  Irish  gentleman  to  me,  "  that  some  of 
these  poor  fellows  would  declare  to  God  that 
they  hadn't  the  value  of  a  halfpenny,  even  if 
you  heard  the  silver  chink  in  their  pockets." 
It  is  certain  that  they  never,  or  very  rarely, 
borrow  of  the  usurers  like  their  English 
brethren. 

The  more  usual  custom  is,  that  if  a  poor  Irish 
street-seller  be  in  want  of  5*.,  it  is  lent  to  him 
by  the  more  prosperous  people  of  his  court — 
bricklayers'  labourers,  or  other  working-men — 
who  club  1*.  a  piece.  This  is  always  repaid. 
An  Irish  bricklayer,  when  in  full  work,  will 
trust  a  needy  countryman  with  some  article  to 
pledge,  on  the  understanding  that  it  is  to  be 
redeemed  and  returned  when  the  borrower  is 
able.  Sometimes,  if  a  poor  Irishwoman  need  1*. 
to  buy  oranges,  four  others — only  less  poor  than 
herself,  because  not  utterly  penniless  —  will 
readily  advance  3d.  each.  Money  is  also  ad- 
vanced to  the  deserving  Irish  through  the 
agency  of  the  Roman  Catholic  priests,  who  are 
the  medium  through  whom  charitable  persons 
of  their  own  faith  exercise  good  offices.  Money, 
too,  there  is  no  doubt,  is  often  advanced  out  of 
the  priest's  own  pocket 

On  all  the  kinds  of  loans  with  which  the  poor 
Irish  are  aided  by  their  countrymen  no  interest 
is  ever  charged.  "I  don't  like  the  Irish," 
said  an  English  costermonger  to  me  ;  "  but  they 
do  stick  to  one  another  far  more  than  we  do." 

The  !  :s  hire  barrows  and  shallows 

like  the  English,  but,  if  they"  get  on"  at 
all,  they  will  possess  themselves  of  their  own 
vehicles  much  sooner  than  an  English  coster- 
monger.  A  quick-witted  Irishman  will  begin 
to  ponder  on  his  paying  Is.  6d.  a  week  for 
the  hire  of  a  barrow  worth  20s.,  and  he  will 
save  and  hoard  until  a  pound  is  at  his  com- 
mand to  purchase  one  for  himself;  while  an 
obtuse  English  coster  (who  will  yet  buy  cheaper 
than  an  Irishman)  will  probably  pride  himself 
on  his  cleverness  in  having  got  the  charge  for 
his  barrow  reduced,  in  the  third  year  of  its  hire, 
to  J.t.  a  week  the  twelvemonth  round  ! 

In    cases   of    sickness    the    mode    of    relief 
1   is  similar  to  that  of  the  English.     A 
;s  got  up  for   the   benefit    of   the  Irish 
.  if  it  be  a  bad  case,  the  subscribers 
pay  tl,  ithout  caring  what  trifle  they 

throw  for,  or  whether   they  throw  at   all.     If 
sickness  continue   and  such   means    as   raffles 
cannot  be  persevered  in,  there  is  one  rt 
from  which  a  poor  Irishman  never  shrinks — the 
will   apply    for  and  accept  paro- 
chial  relief  without  the  least  sense  of 
a    sense    which    rarely    deserts   ;• 
nun    who  has    been    reared  apart    from  pau- 
pers.    The    English  costers  appear  to  have   a 

an   be 

taken   into   the  workhouse,   his   friend* 
lote  sight  of  bitn.     In  case 
apply  :«ccivc    his    body, 

.  undertaking  the 


expence  of  the  funeral,  when  the  body  is  duly 
"waked."  "I  think  there's  a  family  contract 
among  the  Irish,"  said  a  costermonger  to  me ; 
"  that's  where  it  is." 

The  Irish  street-folk  are,  generally  speaking, 
a  far  more  provident  body  of  people  than  the 
English  street-sellers.  To  save,  the  Irish  will 
often  sacrifice  what  many  Englishmen  consider 
a  necessary,  and  undergo  many  a  hardship. 

From  all  I  could  ascertain,  the  saving  of 
an  Irish  street- seller  does  not  arise  from  any 
wish  to  establish  himself  more  prosperously  in 
his  business,  but  for  the  attainment  of  some 
cherished  project,  such  as  emigration.  Some 
of  the  objects,  however,  for  which  these  strug- 
gling men  hoard  money,  are  of  the  most  praise- 
worthy character.  They  will  treasure  up  half- 
penny after  halfpenny,  and  continue  to  do  so 
for  years,  in  order  to  send  money  to  enable  their 
wives  and  children,  and  even  their  brothers  and 
sisters,  when  in  the  depth  of  distress  in  Ireland, 
to  take  shipping  for  England.  They  will  save 
to  be  able  to  remit  money  for  the  relief  of  their 
aged  parents  in  Ireland.  They  will  save  to 
defray  the  expense  of  their  marriage,  an  expense 
the  English  costermonger  so  frequently  dispenses 
with — but  they  will  not  save  to  preserve  either 
themselves  or  their  children  from  the  degra- 
dation of  a  workhouse ;  indeed  they  often, 
with  the  means  of  independence  secreted  on 
their  persons,  apply  for  parish  relief,  and  that 
principally  to  save  the  expenditure  of  their 
own  money.  Even  when  detected  in  such  an 
attempt  at  extortion  an  Irishman  betrays  no 
passion,  and  hardly  manifests  any  emotion — he 
has  speculated  and  failed.  Not  one  of  them 
but  has  a  positive  genius  for  begging — both  the 
taste  and  the  faculty  for  alms-seeking  developed 
to  an  extraordinary  extent 

Of  the  amount  "  saved  "  by  the  patience  of 
the  poor  Irishmen,  I  can  form  no  conjecture. 

OP  THE  HISTORY  OF  SOME  IRISH  STREET- 
SELLERS. 

IN  order  that  the  following  statements  might  be 
as  truthful  as  possible,  I  obtained  permission  to 
use  the  name  of  a  Roman  Catholic  clergyman, 
to  whom  I  am  indebted  for  much  valuable 
information  touching  this  part  of  my  subject 

A  young  woman,  of  whose  age  it  was  not  easy 
to  form  a  conjecture,  her  features  were  s«> 
browned  by  exposure  to  the  weather,  and  per- 
haps when  I  saw  her  a  little  swollen  from  cold, 
gave  me  the  following  account  as  to  her  living. 
Her  tone  and  manner  betrayed  imliUcn 
the  future,  caused  perhaps  by  ignorance, — for 
mi. •<!  lira;  e<l  persons  I  find  are  apt  to  look  on 
the  future  as  if  it  must  needs  be  but  a  repe- 
tition of  the  present,  while  the  past  in  many 
M  is  little  more  than  a  blank  to  tin-in. 
This  young  voman  said,  her  brogue  being  little 

•   y  : 

•,'  this  fruit  stall.    It's  ft  poo? 
I     see    how    oil.,  is     1    . 

thruth,  sir,  but  it's  thankful  I  an.  for  to  tw  ab't 


122 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


to  live  at  all,  at  all ;  troth  is  it,  in  these  sore  times. 
My  father  and  mother  are  both  did.  God  be 
gracious  to  their  sowls !  They  was  evicted.  The 
family  of  us  was.  The  thatch  of  the  bit  o'  home 
•was  tuk  off  above  our  bids,  and  we  were  lift  to  the 
wide  worruld — yis,  indeed,  sir,  and  in  the  open 
air  too.  The  rint  wasn't  paid  and  it  couldn't  be 
paid,  and  so  we  had  to  face  the  wither.  It  was 
a  sorrowful  time.  But  God  was  good,  and  so 
was  the  neighbours.  And  when  we  saw  the 
praste,  he  was  a  frind  to  us.  And  we  came  to 
this  counthry,  though  I'd  always  heard  it  called 
a  black  counthry.  Sure,  an'  there's  much  in  it 
to  indhure.  There's  goin's  on  it,  sir,  that  the 
praste,  God  rewarrud  him  !  wouldn't  like  to  see. 
There's  bad  ways.  I  won't  talk  about  thim, 
and  I'm  sure  you  are  too  much  of  a  gintlemin 

to  ask  me  ;    for  if  you  know  Father ,  that 

shows  you  are  the  best  of  gintlemin,  sure.  It 
was  the  eviction  that  brought  us  here.  I  don't 
know  about  where  we  was  just ;  not  in  what 
county  ;  nor  parish.  I  was  so  young  whin  we 
lift  the  land.  I  belave  I'm  now  19,  perhaps 
only  18  "  (she  certainly  looked  much  older, 
but  I  have  often  noticed  that  of  her  class).  "  I 
can't  be  more,  I  think,  for  sure  an'  its  only 
5  or  6  years  since  we  left  Watherford  and  come 
to  Bristol.  I'm  sure  it  was  Watherford,  and  a 
beautiful  place  it  is,  and  I  know  it  was  Bristol 
we  come  to.  We  walked  all  the  long  way  to 
London.  My  parints  died  of  the  cholera,  and 
I  live  with  mysilf,  but  my  aunt  lodges  me  and 
sees  to  me.  She  sills  in  the  sthreets  too.  I 
don't  make  Id.  a  day.  I  may  make  6d.  There's 
a  good  many  young  payple  I  know  is  now 
sillin'  in  the  streets  becase  they  was  evicted 
in  their  own  counthry.  I  suppose  they  had  no 
where  ilse  to  come  to.  I'm  nivir  out  of  a  night. 
I  sleep  with  my  aunt,  and  we  keep  to  oursilves 
sure.  I  very  sildom  taste  mate,  but  perhaps 
I  do  oftener  than  before  we  was  evicted — glory 
be  to  God." 

One  Irish  street-seller  I  saw  informed  me 
that  she  was  a  "  widdy  wid  three  childer." 
Her  husband  died  about  four  years  since. 
She  had  then  five  children,  and  was  near  her 
confinement  with  another.  Since  the  death  of 
her  husband  she  had  lost  three  of  her  children ; 
a  boy  about  twelve  years  died  of  stoppage  on 
his  lungs,  brought  on,  she  said,  through  being 
in  the  streets,  and  shouting  so  loud  "  to  get  sale 
of  the  fruit."  She  has  been  in  Clare-street, 
Clare-market,  seven  years  with  a  fruit  stall. 
In  the  summer  she  sells  green  fruit,  which  she 
purchases  at  Covent-garden.  When  the  nuts, 
oranges,  &c.,  come  in  season,  she  furnishes 
her  stall  with  that  kind  of  fruit,  and  continues 
to  sell  them  until  the  spring  salad  comes  in. 
During  the  spring  and  summer  her  weekly 
average  income  is  about  5s.,  but  the  remaining 
portion  of  the  year  her  income  is  not  more 
than  3s.  6d.  weekly,  so  that  taking  the  year 
through,  her  average  weekly  income  is  about 
4«.  3d. ;  out  of  this  she  pays  Is.  6d.  a  week  rent, 
leaving  only  (2s.  9d.  a  week  to  find  necessary 
comforts  for  herself  and  family.  For  fuel  the 


children  go  to  the  market  and  gather  up  the 
waste  walnuts,  bring  them  home  and  dry  them, 
and  these,  with  a  pennyworth  of  coal  and  coke, 
serve  to  warm  their  chilled  feet  and  hands.  They 
have  no  bedstead,  but  in  one  corner  of  a  room  is 
a  flock  bed  upon  the  floor,  with  an  old  sheet, 
blanket,  and  quilt  to  cover  them  at  this  incle- 
ment season.  There  is  neither  chair  nor  table  ; 
a  stool  serves  for  the  chair,  and  two  pieces  of 
board  upon  some  baskets  do  duty  for  a  table, 
and  an  old  penny  tea-canister  for  a  candlestick. 
She  had  parted  with  every  article  of  furniture 
to  get  food  for  her  family.  She  received  nothing 
from  the  parish,  but  depended  upon  the  sale  of 
her  fruit  for  her  living. 

The  Irishmen  who  are  in  this  trade  are  also 
very  poor ;  and  I  learned  that  both  Irishmen 
and  Irishwomen  left  the  occupation  now  and 
then,  and  took  to  begging,  as  a  more  profitable 
calling,  often  going  begging  this  month  and 
fruit- selling  the  next  This  is  one  of  the 
causes  which  prompt  the  London  costermon- 
gers'  dislike  of  the  Irish.  "  They'll  beg  them- 
selves into  a  meal,  and  work  us  out  of  one," 
said  an  English  coster  to  me.  Some  of  them 
are,  however,  less  "poverty-struck"  (a  word 
in  common  use  among  the  costermongers) ; 
but  these  for  the  most  part  are  men  who  have 
been  in  the  trade  for  some  years,  and  have  got 
regular  "  pitches." 

The  woman  who  gave  me  the  following  state- 
ment seemed  about  twenty-two  or  twenty-three. 
She  was  large-boned,  and  of  heavy  figure  and 
deportment.  Her  complexion  and  features  were 
both  coarse,  but  her  voice  had  a  softness,  even  in 
its  broadest  brogue,  which  is  not  very  frequent 
among  poor  Irishwomen.  The  first  sentence  she 
uttered  seems  to  me  tersely  to  embody  a  deplor- 
able history  of  the  poverty  of  a  day.  It  was 
between  six  and  seven  in  th?  evening  when  I 
saw  the  poor  creature : — 

"  Sure,  thin,  sir,  it's  thrippince  I've  taken  to- 
day, and  tuppince  is  to  pay  for  my  night's  Io4g- 
in1.  I  shall  do  no  more  good  to-night,  and  shall 
only  stay  in  the  cowld,  if  I  stay  in  it,  for  nothing. 
I'm  an  orphand,  sir,"  (she  three  or  four  times 
alluded  to  this  circumstance,)  "  and  there's  no- 
body to  care  for  me  but  God,  glory  be  to  his 
name  !  I  came  to  London  to  join  my  brother, 
that  had  come  over  and  did  will,  and  he  sint  for 
me,  but  whin  I  got  here  I  couldn't  find  him  in 
it  anyhow.  I  don't  know  how  long  that's  ago. 
It  may  be  five  years  ;  it  may  be  tin  ;  but"  (she 
added,  with  the  true  eloquence  of  beggary, x 
"  sure,  thin,  sir,  I  had  no  harrut  to  keep  count, 
if  I  knew  how.  My  father  and  mother  wasn't 
able  to  keep  me,  nor  to  keep  thimsilves  in 
Ireland,  and  so  I  was  sint  over  here.  They  was 
counthry  payple.  I  don't  know  about  their 
landlorrud.  They  died  not  long  afther  I  came 
here.  I  don't  know  what  they  died  of,  but  sure 
it  was  of  the  will  of  God,  and  they  hadn't  much 
to  make  them  love  this  worruld ;  no  more  have 
I.  Would  I  like  to  go  hack  to  my  own  counthry  ? 
Will,  thin,  what  would  be  the  use  ?  I  sleep 
at  a  lodging-house,  and  it's  a  dacint  place 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


It's  mostly  my  own  counthrywomen  that's  in  it ; 
that  is,  in  the  women's  part  I  pay  Is.  a  week, 
that's  2d.  a  night,  for  I  'm  not  charged  for  Sun- 
days. I  live  on  brid,  and  'taties  and  salt,  and  a 
herrin'  sometimes.  I  niver  taste  beer,  and  not 
often  tay,  but  I  sit  here  all  day,  and  I  feel  the 
hunger  this  day  and  that  day.  It  goes  off  though, 
if  I  have  nothin*  to  ate.  I  don't  know  why,  but 
I  won't  deny  the  goodness  of  God  to  bring  such 
a  thing  about  I  have  lived  for  a  day  on  a  pinny, 
sir:  a  ha'pinny  for  brid,  and  a  ha'pinny  for  a 
herrin',  or  two  herrin' s  for  a  ha'pinny,  and  'taties 
for  the  place  of  brid.  I've  changed  apples  for  a 
herrin'  with  a  poor  man,  God  rewarrud  him. 
Sometimes  I  make  on  to  Gd.  a  day,  and  some- 
times I  have  made  \s.  Gd.,  but  I  think  that  I 
don't  make  5d.  a  day — arrah,  no,  thin,  sir  !  one 
day  with  the  other,  and  I  don't  worruk  on  Sunday, 
not  often.  If  I've  no  mate  to  ate,  I'd  rather  rist 
I  never  miss  mass  on  a  Sunday.  A  lady  gives 
me  a  rag  sometimes,  but  the  bitther  time's 
comiin1.  If  I  was  sick  I  don't  know  what  I'd 
do,  but  I  would  sind  for  the  praste,  and  he'd 
counsil  me.  I  could  read  a  little  oncte,  but 
I  can't  now." 

OF  THE  IRISH  "  REFUSE"-SELLERS. 
THERE  still  remains  to  be  described  one  branch 
of  the  Irish  street-trade  which  is  peculiar  to  the 
class — viz.,  the  sale  of  "  refuse,"  or  such  fruit 
and  vegetables  as  are  damaged,  and  suited  only 
to  the  very  poorest  purchasers. 

In  assorting  his  goods,  a  fruit-salesman  in 
the  markets  generally  throws  to  one  side  the 
shrivelled,  dwarfish,  or  damaged  fruit — called 
by  the  street- traders  the  "specks."  if  the 
supply  to  the  markets  be  large,  as  in  the  pride 
of  the  season,  he  will  put  his  several  kinds  of 
specks  in  separate  baskets.  At  other  times 
all  kinds  are  tossed  together,  and  sometimes 
with  an  admixture  of  nuts  and  walnuts.  The 
Irish  women  purchase  these  at  a  quarter,  or 
within  a  quarter,  of  the  regular  price,  paying 
from  Gd.  to  1*.  a  bushel  for  apples ;  JW.  to 
:  Is.  Gd.  to  2s.  Gd.  for  plums. 
They  are  then  sorted  into  halfpenny-worths  for 
sale  on  the  stalls.  Among  the  refuse  is  always 
a  portion  of  what  is  called  "  tidy"  fruit,  and  this 
prominent  place  in  the  "  halfpenny 
.  -.\\\  sold  at  a  halfpenny. 

BmnftJnw,  too,  a  salesman  will  throw  in  among 
the  refuse  a  little  good  fruit,  if  lie  happen  to 

iy  or  at  tli- 
price;  and  •  •  sc,  is  always  made  the 
stalls.     Of  other  fruits, 
perhaps,  only  a  small  portion  is  damage 

insects.  .  nder  being  very  fine,  so  that 

'  are  generally  cheap.      The 
selletft  aim  at  "  half  profit*."  or  c» 
^e"  trade  in  fruit — ami 

ait — is  prin 
Irish.    The  persons  c 
are   nearly  all   middlr-agc-fl 
women.     I  once  or  twice  saw  a  delicate  and 
looking   girl    titling   with    the  old  "re. 


fuse"  women  ;  but  I  found  that  she  was  not 
a  "  regular  hand,"  and  only  now  and  then 
"minded  the  stall"  in  her  mother's  absence. 
She  worked  with  her  needle,  I  was  told. 

Of  the  women  who  confine  themselves  to 
this  trade  there  are  never  less  than  twenty, 
and  frequently  thirty.  Sometimes,  when  the 
refuse  is  very  cheap  and  very  abundant,  as 
many  as  100  fruit-sellers,  women  and  girls,  will 
sell  it  in  halfpenny-worths,  along  with  better 
articles.  These  women  also  sell  refuse  dry- 
fruit,  purchased  in  Duke's-place,  but  only 
when  they  cannot  obtain  green- fruit,  or  cannot 
obtain  it  sufficiently.  All  is  sold  at  stalls ;  as 
these  dealers  seem  to  think  that  if  it  were 
hawked,  the  police  might  look  too  inquisitively 
at  a  barrow  stocked  with  refuse.  The  "  refuse- 
sellers"  buy  at  all  the  markets.  The  poorer 
street- sellers,  whose  more  staple  trade  is  iu 
oranges  or  nuts,  are  occasional  dealers  in  it 

Perhaps  the  regular  refuse-buyers  are  not 
among  the  very  poorest  class,  as  their  sale  is 
tolerably  quick  and  certain,  but  with  the  usual 
drawbacks  of  wet  weather.  They  make,  I 
was  told,  from  4rf.  to  Is.  a  day  the  year  round, 
or  perhaps  7d.  or  Sd.  a  day,  Sunday  included. 
They  are  all  Roman  Catholics,  and  resort 
to  the  street-sale  after  mass.  They  are  mostly 
widows,  or  women  who  have  reached  mid- 
dle-age, unmarried.  Some  are  the  wives  of 
street-sellers.  Two  of  their  best  pitches  are 
on  Saffron-hill  and  in  Petticoat-lane.  It  is 
somewhat  curious  to  witness  these  women 
sitting  in  a  line  of  five  or  six,  and  notwith- 
standing their  natural  garrulity,  hardly  ex- 
changing a  word  one  with  another.  Some  of 
them  derive  an  evident  solace  from  deliberate 
puffs  at  a  short  black  pipe. 

A  stout,  healthy-looking  woman  of  this  class 
said: — "Sure  thin,  sir,  I've  sat  and  sould  my 
bit  of  fruit  in  this  place,  or  near  it,  for  twinty 
year  and  more,  as  is  very  well  known  indnd, 
is  it.  I  could  make  twice  the  money  twinty 
year  ago  that  I  can  now,  for  the  hoys  had  the 
h.Vpinnies  more  thin  than  they  has  now,  more' s 
the  pity.  The  childer  is  ir.y  cui-thomcr 
few  beyant—  such  as  has  only  a  ha'pinny  now 
and  thin,  God  htlp  them.  They  '11  come  a  mile 
from  any  parrut,  to  spind  it  with  such  as  me,  for 
they  know  it's  chape  wo  sill!  Vis,  iiui 
they'll  come  with  a  fardin  either,  for  it's  a 
v  lot  we'll  split  for  them  anytime.  The 
boys  buys  most,  but  they're  dridful  taxes.  It'i 
the  patience  of  tin-  divil  must  lie  had  to  dale 
wid  the  likes  of  thim.  They  was  dridful  about 
the  Popr,  hut  they've  tired  of  it  now.  O,  no, 
it  wasn't  the  boys  of  my  counthry  t! 

that    way.        \\cll.    I    make 
4rf.  some  days,  and  Gd.  some,  and   1 
and    I    have  made  3*.  Gd.,  and    I   have 

s  I   make  5t.  or  6*.  a  week 
rigular,    hut    I  'm   established  and  well 

:   r<  fuse  at  the  metropolitan 
"green"  markets  varies  with  the  different  cU- 

-  s  it 


124 


LONDON  LABOUR  ANK  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


twentieth,  and  of  plums  and  greengages  one- 
fifteenth,  of  the  entire  supply.  With  pears, 
cherries,  gooseberries,  and  currants,  however, 
the  damaged  amounts  to  one-twelfth,  while  of 
strawberries  and  mulberries  it  reaches  as  high 
as  one-tenth  of  the  aggregate  quantity  sent,  to 
market. 

The  Irish  street-sellers,  I  am  informed,  buy 
full  two- thirds  of  all  the  refuse,  the  other  third 
being  purchased  by  the  lower  class  of  English 
costermongers — "the  illegitimates,"  —  as  they 
are  called.  We  must  not  consider  the  sale  of 
the  damaged  fruit  so  great  an  evil  as  it  would, 
at  the  first  blush,  appear,  for  it  constitutes  per- 
haps the  sole  luxury  of  poor  children,  as  well 
as  of  the  poor  themselves,  who,  were  it  not  for 
the  halfpenny  and  farthing  lots  of  the  refuse- 
t  ellers,  would  doubtlessly  never  know  the  taste 
01'  such  thir.gs. 


Before  leaving  this  part  of  the  subject,  it  may 
be  as  well  to  say  a  few  words  concerning  the 
curious  revelations  made  by  the  returns  from 
Billingsgate,  Covent-garden,  and  the  other  Lon- 
don markets,  as  to  the  diet  of  the  poor.  In  the 
first  place,  then,  it  appears  that  in  the  matter 
of  fish,  herrings  constitute  the  chief  article 
of  consumption— no  less  than  210,000,000  Ibs. 
weight  of  this  fish  in  a  "fresh"  state,  and 
60,000,000  Ibs.  in  a  "dried"  state,  being  an- 
nually eaten  by  the  humbler  classes  of  the 
metropolis  and  the  suburbs.  Of  sprats  there 
are  3,000,000  Ibs.  weight  consumed— and  these, 
with  the  addition  of  plaice,  are  the  staple 
comestibles  at  the  dinners  and  suppers  of  the 
ichthyophagous  part  of  the  labouring  popu- 
lation of  London.  One  of  the  reasons  for  this 
is  doubtless  the  extraordinary  cheapness  of 
these  kinds  of  fish.  The  sprats  are  sold  at  a 
penny  per  pound ;  the  herrings  at  the  same 
rate;  and  the  plaice  at  a  fraction  less,  per- 
haps ;  whereas  a  pound  of  butcher's  meat,  even 
"  pieces,"  or  the  "  block  ornaments,"  as  they  are 
sometimes  called,  cannot  be  got  for  less  than 
twopence -halfpenny  or  threepence.  But  the 
relative  cheapness  of  these  two  kinds  of  food 
can  only  be  tested  by  the  proportionate  quantity 
of  nutrition  in  each.  According  to  Liebig, 
butcher's  meat  contains  26  per  cent,  of  solid 
matter,  and  74  per  cent,  of  water ;  whereas,  ac- 
cording to  Brande,  fish  consists  of  20  parts  of 
solid  matter,  and  80  parts  water  in  every  100. 
Hence  it  would  appear  that  butcher's  meat 
is  five  per  cent  more  nutritive  than  fish — or, 
in  other  words,  that  if  the  two  were  equally 
cheap,  the  prices,  according  to  the  quantity  of 
nutrition  in  each,  should  be  for  fish  one  penny 
per  pound,  and  butcher's  meat  not  five  farthings  ; 
so  that  even  at  twopence-halfpenny  the  pound, 
meat  is  more  than  twice  as  dear  an  article  of  diet 
as  fish. 

But  it  is  not  only  on  ace  aunt  of  their  cheap- 
ness that  herrings  and  sprats  are  consumed  in 
puch  vast  quantities  *iy  the  labouring  people  of 
London.  Salmon,  eels,  herrings,  pilchards,  and 


sprats,  Dr.  Pereira  tells  us,  abound  in  oil ;  and 
oleaginous  food,  according  to  Leibig,  is  an 
"  element  of  respiration,"  consisting  of  nearly 
80  per  cent,  charcoal,  which  burns  away  in  the 
lungs,  and  so  contributes  to  the  warmth  of 
the  system.  Fat,  indeed,  may  be  said  to  act  as 
fuel  to  the  vital  fire;  and  we  now  know,  from 
observations  made  upon  the  average  daily  con- 
sumption of  food  by  28  soldiers  of  the  Grand 
Duke  of  Hesse  Darmstadt,  in  barracks,  for  a 
month — which  is  the  same  as  840  men  for  one 
day— that  an  adult  taking  moderate  exercise 
consumes,  in  the  act  of  respiration,  very  nearly 
a  pound  of  charcoal  every  day,  which  of  course 
must  be  supplied  in  his  food.  "  But  persons 
who  take  much  exercise,  or  labour  hard,"  says 
Dr.  Pereira,  "  require  more  frequent  and  copi- 
ous meals  than  the  indolent  or  sedentary.  In 
the  active  man  the  number  of  respirations  is 
greater  than  in  the  inactive,  and  therefore  a 
more  frequent  supply  of  food  is  required  to 
furnish  the  increased  quantity  of  carbon  and 
hydrogen  to  be  consumed  in  the  lungs."  "  A 
bird  deprived  of  food,"  says  Liebig,  "  dies  on 
the  third  day ;  while  a  serpent,  with  its  sluggish 
respiration,  can  live  without  food  three  months, 
or  longer." 

Captain  Parry,  in  his  account  of  one  of  the 
Polar  expeditions  (1827),  states,  that  both  him- 
self and  Mr.  Beverley,  the  surgeon,  were  of 
opinion,  that,  in  order  to  maintain  the  strength 
of  the  men  during  their  harassing  journey  across 
the  ice,  living  constantly  in  the  open  air,  and 
exposed  to  the  wet  and  cold  for  twelve  hours  a 
day,  an  addition  was  requisite  of  at  least  one- 
third  to  the  quantity  of  provisions  daily  issued. 
So,  in  the  gaol  dietaries,  the  allowance  to  prison- 
ers sentenced  to  hard  labour  for  three  months  is 
one-third  more  than  the  scale  for  those  sentenced 
to  hard  labour  for  three  days — the  former  hav- 
ing 254  ounces,  and  the  latter  only  168  ounces 
of  solid  food  served  out  to  them  every  week. 

But  the  hard-working  poor  not  only  require 
more  food  than  the  non-working  rich,  but  it  is 
mainly  because  the  rich  are  better  fed  that  they 
are  more  lethargic  than  the  poor ;  for  the  greater 
the  supply  of  nutriment  to  the  body,  the  more 
inactive  does  the  system  become.  From  experi- 
ments made  a  few  years  ago  at  the  Zoological 
Gardens,  it  was  found,  that,  by  feeding  the  ani- 
mals twice,  instead  of  once,  in  the  twenty-four 
hours,  their  habits,  as  regards  exercise,  were 
altered — a  fact  which  readily  explains  how  the 
fat  and  overfed  are  always  the  least  energetic ; 
fat  being  at  once  the  cause  and  consequence  of 
inaction.  It  is  well  to  hear  an  obese  citizen  tell 
a  hollow-cheeked  man,  who  begs  a  penny  of 
him,  "  to  go  and  work — a  lazy  scoundrel ;"  but 
physiology  assures  us  that  the  fat  tradesman 
is  naturally  the  laziest  of  the  two.  In  a  word, 
he  is  fat  because  he  is  lazy,  and  lazy  because  he 
is  fat. 

The  industrious  poor,  however,  not  only  re- 
quire more  food  than  the  indolent  rich,  but,  get- 
ting less,  they  become  more  susceptible  of  cold, 
and,  therefore,  more  eager  for  all  that  tends  U 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


125 


in  the  torrid  zone  ;  the  horse,  the  ox,  or  the  donkey  in 
the  temperate,  and  the  rein-deer  in  the  frigid  zone; 
obtain  all  their  muscular  power  for  enduring  labour, 
from  Nature's  simplest  productions, — the  vegetable 
kingdom. 

"  But  all  the  flesh-eating  animals,  keep  the  rest  of 
the  animated   creation  in   constant    dread  of  them. 

1 


Demote  mmth.     I  have  often  had  occasion  to  I  ««..*  -ft**-  «*J^«  '„'<£%- 
remark  the  sacrifices  that  the  ill-ted  will  make     an-powerful  elephant,  and  the  patient,  untiring  earned 
to  have   "a   bit  of  fire."       "He  who   is  well 
fed,"    observes   Sir   John    Ross,    "  resists   cold 
better  than  the  man  who  is  stinted,  while  starva- 
tion from  cold  follows  but  too  soou  a  starvation 
n  food.     This  doubtlessly  explains  in  a  great 

nnnra^c  nf  tho  nativps  of  I  the  animated   creation  in   constant    dread  ot    them 
measure  the  resisting  powers  of  the  natives  ol     T       seldom  eat         tab,e  food  tin  gome  other  animai 

frozen  climates,  their  consumption  of  food  being  hag  eaten  it  first>  and  made  it  into  flesh.    Their  oniy 

enonnous,     and    often    incredible."        Captain  use  seems  to  be,  to  destroy  life;  their  own  flesh  is 

Cochrane,  in  his  "Journey  through  Russia  and  unfit  for  other  animal  to^eat^havingbeenjts^elf  made 

Siberian  Tartary,"  tells  us  that  he  has  repeatedly  SingthffleetoeM  offoot,  usefulness0,  cleanliness  aTd 

seen  a  Yakut  or  Tongouse  devour  forty  pounds  docility,  are  then  always  characteristic  of  vegetable 

of  meat  in  a  day;    and  one  of  the  Yakuti  he  eating  ^animals,    while  all  the  world    dreads   flesh 

speaks  of  as  having  consumed,  in  twenty-four  eaters." 
hours,  "  the  hind-quarter  of  a  large  ox,  twenty         Of  vegetables  we  have  seen  that  the  greatest 

pounds  of  fat,  and  a  proportionate  quantity  of  quantity   consumed    by   the    poor    consists   of 
melted  butter  for  his   drink."    (Vol.  i.  p.  255)   |  potatoes,  of  which  60,500,000  Ibs.  are  annually 


Much  less  heat  is  evolved,  physiologists  tell  us, 


in  the  streets  ;  but  ten  pounds  of  potatoes 


where  there  is  a  deficiency  of  food.     "  During     are  on]y  equal  in  nutritive  power  to  one  pound  of 


the  whole  of  our  march,"  says  Sir  John  Frank- 
lin, "  we  experienced  that  no  quantity  of  cloth- 


butcher's  meat,  which  contains  one-fifth  more 
solid   food  than  fish, — so  that  a  pound   of  fish 


ing  could  keep  us  warm  while  we  fasted  ;  but,     niay  be  said  to  equal  eight  pounds  of  potatoes, 
on  those  occasions  on  which  we  were  enabled  to     and   thus    the    60,000,000  Ibs.  of  vegetable  is 
go  to  bed  with  full  stomachs,  we  passed  the     dietetically    equivalent    to    nearly    7,000,000 
night  in    a    warm   and   comfortable  manner." 
Hence,  it  is  evident,  that  in  summer  a  smaller 


Ibs.    of    fish    diet      The  cost  of  the  potatoes, 
at  five   pounds   for  2rf.,  is,    as  we   have   seen, 


quantity  of  food  suffices  to  keep  up  the  tempera-  100,000/. ;  whereas  the  cost  of  the  same  amount 
ture  of  the  body.  I  know  of  no  experiments  to  Of  nutritive  matter  in  the  form  of  fish,  at  Id.  per 
show  the  different  proportions  of  aliment  re-  pound,  would  have  been  oniy  30,000*.,  or  up- 
quired  at  different  seasons  of  the  year.  In  wards  of  two  -  thirds  less.  The  vegetable  of 
winter,  however,  when  a  greater  supply  is  cer-  which  there  is  the  next  greatest  street  sale  is 
tainly  needed,  the  labouring  man,  unfortunately,  onions,  upon  which  90,000/.  are  annually  ex 


has  less  means  of  obtaining  it— nearly  all  trades 
slacken   as   the   cold   weather  comes   on,    and 


pended.    "This  has  been  before  accounted  for, 
by  saying,  that  a  piece  of  bread  and  an  onion  are 


some,  as  brick-making,  market-gardening,  build-  to  the  English  labourer  what  bread  and  grapes 

ing,  &c.,  then  almost  entirely  cease— so  that,  are  to  the  Frenchman— oftentimes  a  meal.    The 

were  it  not  for  the  cheapness  of  fish,  and,  more-  relish  for  onions  by  the  poorer  classes  is  not 

over,  the  oleaginous  quality  of  those  kinds  which  difficult  to  explain.    Onions  are  strongly  stimu- 

are  most  plentiful  in  the  winter  time,  the  metro-  lating  substances,  and  they  owe  their  peculiar 

politan  poor  would  be  very  likely  to  suffer  that  odour  and  flavour,  as  well  as  their  pungent  and 

starvation  from  cold  which,"  in  the  words  of  stimulating  qualities,   to   an   acrid   volatile  oil 

ir  John  Ross,  "  follows  but  too  soon  a  starva-  which   contains    sulphur.      This    oil    becomes 

Hence  we  can  readily  u»derstand  absorbed,  quickens  the  circulation,  and  occasions 


Sir 

tion  in  food. 

the  remark  of  the  enthusiastic  street -seller — 
:s  it  a  blessing  to  the  poor." 


thirst.     Tin-  same  result  takes  place  with  the 
oil  of  fish.     It  not  only  proves  a  stimulant  to 


The  returns  as  to  the  other  articles  of  food  the  general  system,  but  we  are  told  that  the 
•old  in  the  streets  are  equally  curious.  The  thirst  and  uneasy  feeling  at  the  stomach,  t'n  - 
1,500,000/.  spent  yearly  in  fish,  and  the  eompa-  quently  <i  after  the  use  of  the  rieher 

ratively  small  amount  expended  on  vegetables,  species  of  fish,  have  led  to  the  employment  of 
viz.,  290.000/.,  is  a  circumstance  which  seems  to  spirit  to  this  kind  of  food.  IKnre.  says  Dr. 
show  that  the  labouring  population  of  London  Pereira,  the  vulgar  proverb,  "  Brandy  is  Latin 
have  a  -h  for  animal  than  vegetable  for  Fish."  Moreover,  the  two  classes  of  food 

quite  certa  r,     are  similar  in  their  comparative  indigestibility, 

"that   the    D  >pm<-nt      f,,r  the  unedueated  palates  of  the   poor  not  only 

and   the   greatest  intdlectua:  to   IK-      require  a  more   pungent  kind  of  diet,  but  their 

found  a  races  in  .  « d  diet     stronger    stomachs    need    something    that   will 

of  an;  Actable   food  is  t  ,n  of  the  gastric  juice  for  a  con- 

Aml    yet,    in     ap]  .time.      Ilenee  their  love  of  shell-lish. 

The  small  quantity  of  fruit,  too,  sold   to  the 

a  further  proof  of  what    is  here 
..mint  of  the  street  sale  of  this   hixuiy  is 

rimi  as  to  the  quantity  puir 
,   London  la!- 

T"l?' 

and  the  chil- 


to  the  proposition  as-crti-d  v.:th  so  much  confi- 
dence  '  r,  we  have  the  following 

curious  fact  cited  by  Mr.  J..  :  — 

"It  U.  indeed,  •  fact  worthy  of  remark,  • 
that  teems  never  to  have  been  noticed,  th.it  i 
out  tt 

S! am   Diem  with  food 


12(3 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


dren  of  mechanics  or  the  lowe?  grade  of  middle 
class  people.  Those  who  may  be  said  strictly 
to  belong  to  the  poor. — viz.  those  whose  incomes 
are  barely  sufficient  for  their  support — seldom 
purchase  fruit.  In  the  first  place  they  have 
no  money  to  spend  on  such  a  mere  toothsome 
extravagance  ;  and,  secondly,  they  require  a 
stronger  and  more  stimulating,  and  "staying" 
kind  of  food.  The  delights  of  the  palate,  we 
Ahould  remember,  are  studied  only  when  the 
cravings  of  the  stomach  are  satisfied,  so  that 
those  who  have  strong  stomachs  have  necessarily 
dull  palates,  and,  therefore,  prefer  something 
that  "  bites  in  the  mouth," — to  use  the  words 
of  one  of  my  informants  —  like  gin,  onions, 
sprats,  or  pickled  whelks.  What  the  poor  term 
"  relishes  "  are  very  different  things  from  what 
the  rich  style  the  "  delicacies  of  the  season." 

I  have  no  means  of  ascertaining  the  average 
number  of  ounces  of  solid  food  consumed  by  the 
poorer  class  of  the  metropolis.  The  whole  of 
the  fish,  fruit,  and  vegetables,  sold  to  the  London 
costermongers,  is  not  disposed  of  in  the  London 
streets — many  of  the  street- sellers  going,  as  we 
have  seen,  country  excursions  with  their  goods. 
According  to  the  result  of  the  Government 
Commissioners  of  Inquiry,  the  labourers  in  the 
country  are  unable  to  procure  for  themselves 
and  families  an  average  allowance  of  more  than 
122  ounces  of  solid  food — principally  bread — 
every  week  ;  hence  it  has  been  justly  said  we 
may  infer  that  the  man  consumes,  as  his 
share,  140  ounces  (134  bread  and  6  meat). 
The  gaol  dietaries  allow  254  ounces,  or  nearly 
twice  as  much  to  all  prisoners,  who  undergo 
continuous  hard  labour.  In  the  construction  of 
these  dietaries  Sir  James  Graham — the  then 
Secretary  of  State — says,  in  his  "  Letter  to  the 
Chairman  of  Quarter  Sessions  "  (January  27th, 
1843),  "  I  have  consulted  not  only  the  Prison 
Inspectors,  but  medical  men  of  the  greatest 
eminence  possessing  the  advantage  of  long 
experience."  They  are  proposed,  he  adds,  "as 
the  minimum  amount  which  can  be  safely 
afforded  to  prisoners  without  the  risk  of  inflict- 
ing a  punishment  not  contemplated  by  law  and 
which  it  is  unjust  and  cruel  to  inflict ;  namely, 
loss  of  health  and  strengtn  through  the  inade- 
quacy of  the  food  supplied."  Hence  it  appears 
not  that  the  thief  gets  too  much,  but  the  honest 


working  man  too  little — or,  in  other  words,  that 
the  laboiuer  of  this  country  is  able  to  pro- 
cure, by  his  industry,  only  half  the  quantity  of 
food  that  is  considered  by  "  medical  men  of 
the  greatest  eminence"  to  be  "the  minimum 
amount"  that  can  be  safely  afforded  for  the 
support  of  the  criminals — a  fact  which  it  would 
be  out  of  place  to  comment  upon  here. 

One  word  concerning  the  incomes  of  the  Lon- 
don costermongers,  and  I  have  done.  It  has  been 
before  shown  that  the  gross  sum  of  money  taken 
yearly,  in  the  streets,  by  the  sale  of  fish,  fruit, 
and  vegetables,  amounts,  in  round  numbers, 
to  two  million  pounds — a  million  and  a  half 
being  expended  in  fish,  and  a  quarter  of  a 
million  upon  fruit  and  vegetables  respectively. 
In  estimating  the  yearly  receipts  of  the  coster- 
mongers, from  their  average  gains,  the  gross 
"  takings  "  of  the  entire  body  were  concluded  to 
be  between  a  million  and  a  quarter  and  a  million 
and  a  half  sterling — that  is  to  say,  each  one  of 
the  10,000  street-sellers  offish,  fruit,  and  vege- 
tables, was  supposed  to  clear  ten  shillings  a 
week  all  the  year  through,  and  to  take  fiftj 
shillings.  But,  according  to  the  returns  fur- 
nished me  by  the  salesmen,  at  the  several  metro- 
politan markets,  the  weekly  "takings"  of  the 
ten  thousand  men  and  their  families — for  often 
both  wife  and  children  sell — cannot  be  less  than 
four  pounds  per  week  all  the  year  round,  out 
of  which  it  would  seem  that  the  clear  weekly 
gains  are  about  fifteen  shillings.  (Some  costers 
we  have  seen  take  pounds  in  a  day,  others — as 
the  nut  and  orange-women  and  children — only 
a  few  shillings  a  week  ;  some,  again,  make  cent, 
per  cent  profit,  whilst  others  are  obliged  to  sell 
at  a  loss.)  This,  from  all  I  can  gather,  as  well 
as  from  a  comparison  of  the  coster's  style  of 
liv:ng  with  other  classes  whose  weekly  income 
is  nearly  the  same,  appears  to  be  very  clos« 
upon  the  truth. 

We  may  then,  I  think,  safely  assert,  that  the 
gross  yearly  receipts  of  the  London  coster- 
mongers  are  two  millions  of  money  ;  that  their 
clear  annual  gain,  or  income,  is  425.000/. ;  and 
that  the  capital  invested  in  their  business,  in 
the  form  of  donkey  -  carts,  barrows,  baskets, 
weights,  and  stock-money,  is  25,OOOJ. ;— half  of 
this  being  borrowed,  for  which  they  pay  upwards 
of  20,OOOJ.  interest  per  annum. 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  GAME,  POULTRY  (LIVE  AND 
DEAD),  RABBITS,  BUTTER,  CHEESE,  AND  EGGS. 


THE  class  who  sell  game  and  poultry  in  the 
public  thoroughfares  of  the  metropolis  are  styled 
hawkers,  both  in  Leadenhall  and  Newgate-mar- 
ket. The  number  of  these  dealers  in  London  is 
computed  at  between  200  and  300.  Of  course, 
legally  to  sell  game,  a  license,  which  costs  21.  2s. 
yearly,  is  required ;  but  the  street- seller  laughs 
at  the  notion  of  being  subjected  to  a  direct  tax ; 
which,  indeed,  it  might  be  impossible  to  levy  on 
so  "slippery"  a  ciass. 


The  sale  of  game,  even  with  a  license,  was  not 
legalised  until  1831  ;  and,  prior  to  that  year,  the 
mere  killing  of  game  by  an  "  unqualified"  per- 
son was  an  offence  entailing  heavy  penalties. 
The  "qualification"  consisted  of  the  possession 
of  a  freehold  estate  of  100/.  a  year,  or  a  leasehold 
for  ninety-nine  years  of  150/.  a  year!  By  an 
Act,  passed  in  the  25th  year  of  George  III.,  it 
was  provided  that  a  certificate  (costing  3/.  13«. 
6d.)  must  be  taken  out  by  all  qualified  oersom 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


127 


killing  game.  Since  1831  (1  &  2  William  IV., 
3.  32,)  a  certificate,  without  any  qualification,  is 
all  that  is  required  from  the  game-killer. 

Both  sexes  carry  on  the  trade  in  game-hawk- 
ing, but  there  are  more  than  thrice  as  many  men 
as  women  engaged  in  the  business,  the  weight 
occasionally  carried  being  beyond  a  woman's 
strength.  The  most  customary  dress  of  the  game 
or  poultry-hawker  is  a  clean  smock-frock  cover- 
ing the  whole  of  his  other  attire,  except  the  ends 
of  his  trousers  and  his  thick  boots  or  shoes.  In- 
deed he  often,  but  less  frequently  than  was  the 
case  five  years  ago,  assumes  the  dress  of  a  country 
labourer,  although  he  may  have  been  for  years 
a  resident  in  London.  About  forty  years  ago,  I 
am  informed,  it  was  the  custom  for  countrymen, 
residing  at  no  great  distance,  to  purchase  a  stock 
of  chickens  or  ducks ;  and,  taking  their  places 
in  a  wagon,  to  bring  their  birds  to  London, 
and  hawk  them  from  door  to  door.  Some  of 
these  men's  smock-frocks  were  a  convenient 
garb,  for  they  covered  the  ample  pockets  of  the 
coat  beneath,  in  which  were  often  a  store  of  par- 
tridges, or  an  occasional  pheasant  or  hare.  Tliis 
game,  illegally  killed — for  it  was  all  poached — 
is  illegally  sold  by  the  hawker,  and  illegally 
bought  by  the  hotel-keepers  and  the  richer 
tradesmen.  One  informant  (an  old  man)  was  of 
opinion  that  the  game  was  rarely  offered  for  sale 
by  these  countrymen  at  the  West-end  mansions 
of  the  aristocracy.  "  In  fact,"  he  said,  "  I  knew 
one  country  fellow — though  he  was  sharp  enough 
in  his  trade  of  game  and  poultry- selling — who 
seemed  to  think  that  every  fine  house,  without  a 
shop,  and  where  there  were  livery  servants,  must 
needs  be  inhabited  by  a  magistrate !  But,  as 
the  great  props  of  poaching  were  the  rich — for, 
of  course,  the  poor  couldn't  buy  game — there 
was,  no  doubt,  a  West- end  as  well  as  a  City  trade 
in  it.  I  have  bought  game  of  a  country  poul- 
try-hawker," continued  my  informant,  "when 
I  lived  in  the  City  at  the  beginning  of  this  cen- 
tury, and  generally  gave  3*.  6rf.  a  brace  for 
partridges.  I  have  bid  it,  and  the  man  has  left, 
refusing  to  take  it ;  and  has  told  me  afterwards, 
and,  I  dare  say,  he  spoke  the  truth,  that  he  had 
sold  his  partridges  at  5*.  O"  6s.  or  more.  I  be- 
lieve 5*.  a  brace  wa  no  uncommon  price  in  the 
City.  I  have  give.,  as  much  as  10*.  for  a  phea- 
sant for  a  Christmas  supper.  The  hawker,  before 
offering  the  birds  for  sale,  used  to  peer  about  him, 
though  we  were  alone  in  my  counting-house,  and 
then  pull  his  partridges  out  of  his  pockets,  and 
•ay,  '  Sir,  do  you  want  any  very  young  chick- 
ens ?  '—for  so  he  called  them.  Hares  he  called 
'  lions ;'  and  they  cost  often,  enough,  5«.  each  of 
the  hawker.  The  trade  had  all  the  charms  and 
recommendations  of  a  mystery  and  a  risk  about 
it,  just  like  smuggling." 

The  sale  of  game  in  London,  however,  was 
Dot  confined  to  the  street-hawkers,  who  generally 
fcrired  their  stock-in-trade  imin* 
the  poacher.  Before  the  legalisation  of  the  sale, 
tht  trade  was  carried  on,  under  the  rose,  by  the 
•aUtmen  in  Lttdenhall-market,  and  that  to  an 
«MM  of  not  leM  than  a  fifteenth  of  the  sale  now 


accomplished  there.  The  purveyors  for  thi 
London  game-market — I  learned  from  leading 
salesmen  in  Leadenhall — were  not  then,  as  now, 
noble  lords  and  honourable  gentlemen,  but  pea- 
sant or  farmer  poachers,  who  carried  on  the 
business  systematically.  The  guards  and  coach- 
men of  the  stage-coaches  were  the  media  of  com- 
munication, and  had  charge  of  the  supply  to  the 
London  market  The  purchasers  of  the  game 
thus  supplied  to  a  market,  which  is  mostly  the 
property  of  the  municipality  of  the  C.ty  of  Lon- 
don, were  not  only  hotel-keepers,  who  required 
it  for  public  dinners  presided  over  by  princes, 
peers,  and  legislators,  but  the  purveyors  for  the 
civic  banquets — such  as  the  Lord  Mayor's  ninth 
of  November  dinner,  at  which  the  Ministers  of 
State  always  attended. 

This  street- hawking  of  poached  game,  as  far 
as  I  could  ascertain  from  the  best  -  informed 
quarters,  hardly  survived  the  first  year  of  the 
legalised  sale. 

The  female  hawkers  of  game  are  almost  all 
the  wives  of  the  men  so  engaged,  or  are  women 
living  with  them  as  their  wives.  The  trade  is 
better,  as  regards  profit,  than  the  costermonger's 
ordinary  pursuits,  but  only  when  the  season  is 
favourable  ;  it  is,  however,  more  uncertain. 

There  is  very  rarely  a  distinction  between  the 
hawkers  of  game  and  of  poultry.  A  man  will 
carry  both,  or  have  game  one  day  and  poultry 
the  next,  as  suits  his  means,  or  as  the  market 
avails.  The  street- sellers  of  cheese  are  gene- 
rally costers,  while  the  vendors  of  butter  and 
eggs  are  almost  extinct. 

Game,  I  may  mention,  consists  of  grouse  (in- 
cluding black-cocks,  and  all  the  varieties  of 
heath  or  moor-game),  partridges,  pheasants, 
bustards,  and  hares.  Snipe,  woodcocks,  plovers, 
teal,  vidgeons,  wild  ducks,  and  rabbits  are  not 
game,  but  can  only  be  taken  or  killed  by  certi- 
ficated persons,  who  are  owners  or  occupiers  of 
the  property  on  which  they  are  found,  or  who 
have  the  necessary  permission  from  such  persons 
as  are  duly  authorised  to  accord  it.  Poultry 
consists  of  chickens,  geese,  ducks,  and  turkeys, 
while  some  persons  class  pigeons  as  poultry. 

Birds  are  dietetically  divided  into  three  c. 
(1)  the  white-fleshed,  as  the  common  fowl  and 
the  turkey ;  (2)  the  dark-fleshed  game,  as  the 
•rrmisi?  and  the  black-cock  ;  and  (3)  the  aquatic 
(including  swimmers  and  waders),  as  the  goose 
ar.d  the  duck  ;  the  flesh  of  the  latter  is  pene- 
trate! with  fat,  and  difficult  of  digestion. 

M    HIE  QUANTITY  OF  GAME,  RABBITS,  AND 

POULTRY,  SOLD  IN  THI:  STREETS. 
IT  appears  from  inquiries  that  I  instituted,  and 
from  authentic  returns  which  I  procured  on  the 
subject,   that  the  following   is  the  quantity   of 
game  and  poultry  sold  yearly,  as  an  average,  in 
the  markets  of  the  metropolis.     I  give  it  • 
sire  of  such  birds  as  wild  ducks,  woodcocks,  &c., 
the  supply  of  which  depend*  upon   th<- 

\vinter.  I  include,  all  wild  birds  or  ani- 
nials,  whether  considered  game  or  not,  and  (  uv 
round  numbers,  but  as  closely  «*  p<> 


128 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


During  the  past  Christmas,  however,  I  may 
observe,  that  the  supply  of  poultry  to  the 
markets  has  heen  greater  than  on  any  pre- 
vious occasion.  The  immensity  of  the  supply 
was  favourable  to  the  hawker's  profit,  as  the 
glut  enabled  him  to  purchase  both  cheaply  and 
largely.  One  young  poultry-hawker  told  me 
that  he  had  cleared  31.  in  the  Christmas  week, 
and  had  spent  it  all  in  four  days— except  5s. 
reserved  for  stock-money.  It  was  not  spent 
entirely  in  drunkenness,  a  large  portion  of  it 


being  expended  in  treats  and  amusements.  So 
great,  indeed,  has  been  the  supply  of  game  and 
poultry  this  year,  that  a  stranger,  unused  to  the 
grand  scale  on  which  provisions  are  displayed 
in  ihe  great  metropolitan  marts,  on  visiting 
Leadenhall,  a  week  before  or  after  Christmas, 
might  have  imagined  that  the  staple  food  of  the 
London  population  consisted  of  turkeys,  geese, 
and  chickens.  I  give,  however,  an  average 
yearly  supply: 


Description. 

Leadenhall. 

Newgate. 

Total. 

Proportion 
sold  in 
the  Streets. 

G4ME,    &C. 

45,000 

12,000 

57,000 

One-eleventi  . 

85,000 

60,000 

145,000 

One-seventh. 

44.000 

20,000 

64,000 

One-fifth. 

60,000 

47,000 

107,000 

One-twentieth. 

Wild  Birds        

40,000 

20,000 

60,000 

None. 

28,000 

18,000 

46,000 

None. 

213  000 

100,000 

313,000 

None. 

Teals  

10,000 

5,000 

15,000 

None. 

30000 

8,000 

38,000 

None. 

Hares                                     .     .     . 

48  000 

55000 

102  000 

One-  fifth. 

Rabbits    

680,000 

180,000 

860,000 

Three-fourth* 

POULTRY. 

1,283,000 
1  266  000 

524,000 
490  000 

1,807,000 
1  756  000 

One-third 

(alive) 

45  nOO 

15  000 

6'0  000 

Geese  ....        

888,000 

114,000 

1,002,000 

One-fifth. 

Ducks     

235  000 

148  000 

383,000 

(  )iu'-  fourth. 

(alive} 

20000 

20000 

40000 

<  )ne  tenth. 

Turkeys                  

69000 

55  000 

124,000 

One-fourth. 

Pigeons   ....                    .     . 

285,000 

98,000 

383,000 

None. 

Game,  &c.             .          . 

2,808,000 
1,283,000 

940,000 
524,000 

3,748,000 
1,807,000 

4,091,000 

1,464,000 

5,555,000 

In  the  above  return  wild  ducks  and  woodcocks 
are  not  included,  because  the  quantity  sent  to 
London  is  dependent  entirely  upon  the  severity 
of  the  winter.  With  the  costers  wild  ducks  are 
a  favourite  article  of  trade,  and  in  what  those 
street  tradesmen  would  pronounce  a  favourable 
season  for  wild  ducks,  which  means  a  very 
hard  winter,  the  number  sold  in  Londen  will, 
I  am  told,  equal  that  of  pheasants  (64,000). 
The  great  stock  of  wild  ducks  for  the  Lon- 
don tables  is  from  Holland,  where  the  duck 
decoys  are  objects  of  great  care.  Less  than 
a  fifth  of  the  importation  from  Holland  is 
from  Lincolnshire.  These  birds,  and  even  the 
finest  and  largest,  have  been  sold  during  a 
glut  at  Is.  each.  Woodcocks,  under  similar 
circumstances,  number  with  plovers  (45,000), 
nearly  all  of  which  are  "golden  plovers  ;"  but 
of  woodcocks  the  costermongers  buy  very  few : 
**  They  're  only  a  mouthful  and  a  half,"  said 


one  of  them,  "and  don't  suit  our  customers." 
In  severe  weather  a  few  ptarmigan  are  sent  to 
London  from  Scotland,  and  in  1841-2  great 
numbers  were  sent  to  the  London  market 
Norway.  One  salesman  received  nearly  10,000 
ptarmigan  in  one  day.  A  portion  of  these  were 
disposed  of  to  the  costers,  but  the  sale  was  not 
such  as  to  encourage  further  importations. 

The  returns  I  give  show,  that,  at  the  two  great 
game  and  poultry-markets,  5,500,000  birds  and 
animals,  wild  and  tame,  are  yearly  sent  to  Lon- 
don. To  this  must  be  added  all  that  may  be 
consigned  direct  to  metropolitan  game-dealers 
and  poulterers,  besides  what  may  be  sent  as 
presents  from  the  country,  &c.,  so  that  the 
London  supply  may  be  safely  estimated,  I  am 
assured,  at  6,000,000. 

It  is  difficult  to  arrive  at  any  very  precise 
computation  of  the  quantity  of  game  and  poul- 
try &old  by  the  costers,  or  rather  at  the  money 


LONDON  LABOUE  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 


129 


No.  9. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


131 


(or  price)  of  what  they  sell.     The  most 
need  salesmen  agree,   that,   as  to  quan- 
•: eluding  even-thing  popularly  considered 
i^-ind  I   have  so  given  it  in  the  return), 
-I'll    one-third.     As    regards   valu*,    how- 
aeir  purchases  fall  very  short  of  a  third. 
Of  the  best  qualities  of  game,  and  even  more 
.ily  of  poultry,   a  third  of  the  hawkers 
::fteenth,  compared  with  their  pur- 
chases in  the  lower-priced  kinds.   The  others  buy 
none  of  the  best  qualities.     The  more  "  aristo- 
of  the  poultry-hawkers  will,  as  a  rule, 
only  buy.   "when  they   have   an   order"    or    a 
-.   quality  of  English  turkey- 
:i  cannot  be  wondered  at,  seeing  that 
price  of   the  English  turkey-cock 
::ian  this  year  sold  (at  Lead- 
wihall)  several  turkey-coeks  at  30s.  each,  and 
3/.     The  average   price  of  an   English 
o'</.,  and  of  these  the  costers 
;'ew;  but  their  chief  trade  is  in  foreign 
;iens;  of  which  the  average  price  (when 
of  good  quality  and   in  good  condition)  is  os. 
•ufkey-cocks  average  half  the  price 
of   the  or   6s.).       Of    Dorking    fat 

ich   average   65.    the    couple,    the 
none  (save  as  in  the  case  of  the 
cocks) ;    but  of  the  Irish  fowls,  which, 
!>.ave   averaged  2*.  Gd.  the   couple, 
On  the  other  hand  they  buy 
:>its  sent  from  Scotland,  and 
half  "of  those   sent   from    Ostend,    while   they 
i" — no  matter  of  what  the 
when  there  is  a  glut.     There 
in  anot  >n  of  which  the  hawker  avails 

.     The  average  price  of  young  plump 
•(ridges  is  '2s.  6d.  the  brace,  of  old  pur 

•  :c  coster  buys  the  old.     It  is 
raging 

;d  I  can  sell  them 

.-aid  one  man ;  "  for  my  customers  say 

• .     I've  sold  game  for 

or  more,  but  I  never  tasted  any  of 

any  kind,  so  I  can't  say  who's  right  and  who's 

•rs  buy,  also,  game   and   poultry 

• 

times  :  M  with 

:,  which  melts  as  the  bird 

:.d  im- 

jmnre*  it  man;  "and  the  shop*. 

now  and  then,  docs  the  same.     It's  a  improve- 

>cnc  season  the  costers  have 

"f  teal, 
widfec: 
»o  sparely,  as  to  require  no  n< 

OF  THE  St :  lAsr.Rs  OF  GAME  AND 

are  of 

Icnston.'  <lcrote  a  fcvr  words  to  them. 

;ld  acquire, 

c  who 

rewU  at  a  d  .-tf  and 


buy  a  cheap  luxury  when  it  is  bi ought  to 
their  doors,  as  well  as  of  those  who  are  "always 
on  the  look-out  for  something  toothy,  such  as 
the  shabby  genteels,  as  they're  called,  who  never 
gives  nothing  but  a  scaly  price.  They've  bar- 
gained with  me  till  I  was  hard  held  from  pitch- 
ing into  them,  and  over  and  over  again  I  should, 
only  it  would  have  been  fourteen  days  anyhow. 
They'll  tell  me  my  birds  stinks,  when  they're  as 
sweet  as  flowers.  They'd  go  to  the  devil  to 
save  three  farthings  on  a  partridge."  Other 
buyers  are  old  gourmands,  living  perhaps  on 
small  incomes,  or  if  possessed  of  ample  incomes, 
but  confining  themselves  to  a  small  expendi- 
ture ;  others,  again,  are  men  who  like  a  cheap 
dinner,  and  seldom  enjoy  it,  at  their  own  cost, 
unless  it  be  cheap,  and  who  best  of  all  like 
"such  a  thing  as  a  moor  bird  (grouse),"  said 
one  hawker,  "  which  can  be  eat  up  to  a  man's 
own  cheek."  Tlus  was  also  the  opinion  of  a 
poulterer  and  game-dealer,  who  sometimes  sold 
"  goods  "  to  the  hawkers.  Of  this  class  of  "  pa- 
trons" many  shopkeepers,  in  all  branches  of 
business,  have  a  perfect  horror,  as  they  will 
care  nothing  for  having  occupied  the  trades- 
men's time  to  no  purpose. 

The  game  and  poultry  street- sellers,  I  am 
told,  soon  find  out  when  a  customer  is  bent 
upon  a  bargain,  and  shape  their  prices  accord- 
ingly. Although  these  street-sellers  may  gene- 
rally take  as  their  motto  the  announcement  so 
often  seen  in  the  shops  of  competitive  trades- 
men, "  no  reasonable  offer  refused,"  they  are 
sometimes  so  worried  in  bargaining  that  they  do 
refuse. 

In  a  conversation  I  had  with  a  "  retired " 
game  salesman,  he  said  it  might  be  curious 
to  trace  the  history  of  a  brace  of  birds — of 
grouse,  for  instance — sold  in  the  streets  ;  and  he 
did  it  after  this  manner.  They  were  shot  in 
the  Highlands  of  Scotland  by  a  member  of 
parliament  who  had  gladly  left  the  senate  for 
the  moors.  They  were  transferred  to  a  trades- 
man who  lived  in  or  near  some  Scotch  town 
having  railway  communication,  and  with  whom 
"the  honourable  gentleman,"  or  "the  noble 
lord,"  had  |»  .-.vourcd  to  drive  a  hard 

bargain.      He   (the  senator)   must   have   a    good 

.  as   lie  had  given  a  lav 

for  the  moor  :  and  the  season  was  a  had  one  : 
the  bir<  and  wild,  they  would 

soon    be   "packed"    (be   in   flocks   of  twmty  or 
d    of    in    broods),    and    then    there 
would  he  no  touching  a  feather  of  them.     The 

v  say  that   it  wn 

•  •asoii,    and    the    birds    never    parked   SO 

v,ha; 
i.   and 

he  was  "nai-  just   free  to  niter  into  any  agree- 
ment   1  .a    .r.  '      T!  ' 
able  gentleman,   alter   much    demur; iii-.    give* 
Way,    fc-elin^    perhaps    that    h< 

flung  about  with 
had    been    "  slaur' 


132 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


journeyman  butcher,  at  so  much  a  head.  It 
is  a  thin  market,  perhaps,  when  they  come  to 
hand.  A  dealer,  fashionable  in  the  parish  of 
St.  George,  Hanover-square,  has  declined  to 
give  the  price  demanded ;  they  were  not  his 
money;  "he  had  to  give  such  long  credit." 
A  dealer,  popular  in  the  ward  of  Cheap,  has 
also  declined  to  buy,  and  for  the  same  alleged 
reason.  The  salesman,  knowing  that  some  of 
these  dealers  must  buy,  quietly  says  that  he 
will  take  no  less,  and  as  he  is  known  to  be 
a  man  of  his  word,  little  is  said  upon  the 
subject.  As  the  hour  arrives  at  which  fashion- 
able game-dealers  are  compelled  to  buy,  or 
disappoint  customers  who  will  not  brook  such 
disappointment,  the  market,  perhaps,  is  glutted, 
owing  to  a  very  great  consignment  by  a  later 
railway  train.  The  Inverness  Courier,  or  the 
North  of  Scotland  Gazette,  are  in  due  course 
quoted  by  the  London  papers,  touching  the 
"extraordinary  sport"  of  a  party  of  lords  and 
gentlemen  in  the  Highlands;  and  the  "heads" 
of  game  are  particularized  witli  a  care  that  would 
do  honour  to  a  Price  Current.  The  salesman 
then  disposes  rapidly  of  divers  "brace"  to  the 
"  hawkers,"  at  Is.  or  2s.  the  brace,  and  the 
hawker  offers  them  to  hotel-keepers,  and  shop- 
keepers, and  housekeepers,  selling  si  •: 
3s.  6<l.  the  brace,  some  at  3s.,  at  2s.  6d.,  at  'J.v., 
and  at  less.  "  At  last,"  said  my  informant, 
"  he  may  sell  the  finest  brace  of  his  basket, 
which  he  has  held  back  to  get  a  better  price  for, 
at  Gd.  a-piece,  rather  than  keep  them  over-night, 
and  that  to  a  woman  of  the  town,  whom  he  may 
have  met  reeling  home  with  money  in  her 
purse.  Thus  the  products  of  an  honourable 
gentleman's  skilful  industry,  on  which  he 
greatly  prided  himself,  are  eaten  by  the  woman 
and  her  '  fancy  man,'  grumblingly  enough,  for 
they  pronounce  the  birds  inferior  to  tripe." 

The  best  quarters  for  the  street-sale  f  game  and 
poultry  are,  I  am  informed  from  several  sources, 
either  the  business  parts  of  the  metropolis,  or 
else  the  houses  in  the  several  suburbs  which  are 
the  furthest  from  a  market  or  from  a  business 
part.  The  squares,  crescents,  places,  and  streets, 
that  do  not  partake  of  one  or  the  other  of  these 
characteristics,  are  pronounced  "no  good." 

OF  THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  GAME  HAWKER. 

THE  man  who  gave  me  the  following  informa- 
tion was  strong  and  robust,  and  had  a  weather- 
beaten  look.  He  seemed  about  fifty.  He  wore 
when  I  saw  him  a  large  velveteen  jacket,  a  cloth 
waistcoat  which  had  been  once  green,  and  brown 
corduroy  trousers.  No  part  of  his  attire,  though 
it  seemed  old,  was  patched,  his  shirt  being  clean 
and  white.  He  evidently  aimed  at  the  game- 
keeper style  of  dress.  He  affected  some  humour, 
and  was  dogged  in  his  opinions : 

"  I  was  a  gentleman's  footman  when  I  was  a 
young  man,"  he  said,  "and  saw  life  both  in 
town  and  country ;  so  I  knows  what  things 
belongs."  [A  common  phrase  among  persons 
of  his  class  to  denote  their  being  men  of  the 
world.]  "I  never  liked  the  confinement  of  ser- 


vice, and  besides  the  upper  servants  takes  on  so. 
The  others  puts  up  with  it  more  than  they  would, 
I  suppose,  because  they  hopes  to  be  butlers 
themselves  in  time.  The  only  decent  people  in 
the  house  I  lived  in  last  was  master  and  mis- 
sus. I  won  20L,  and  got  it  too,  on  the  Colonel, 
when  he  won  the  Leger.  Master  was  a  bit  of 
a  turf  gentleman,  and  so  we  all  dabbled— like 
master  like  man,  you  know,  sir.  I  think  that 
was  in  1828,  but  I'm  not  certain.  "We  came  to 
London  not  long  after  Doncaster"  [he  meant 
Doncaster  races],  "  something  about  a  lawsuit, 
and  that  winter  I  left  service  and  bought  the 
goodwill  of  a  coffee-shop  for  251.  It  didn't 
answer.  I  wasn't  up  to  the  coffee-making,  I 
think;  there's  a  deal  of  things  belongs  to  all 
things ;  so  I  got  out  of  it,  and  after  that  I  was 
in  service  again,  and  then  I  was  a  boots  at  an 
inn.  But  I  couldn't  settle  to  nothing  long  ;  I'm 
of  a  free  spirit,  you  see.  I  was  hard  up  at  last, 
and  I  popped  my  watch  for  a  sovereign,  because 
a  friend  of  mine — we  sometimes  drank  together 
of  a  night — said  he  could  put  me  in  the  pigeon 
and  chicken  line  ;  that  was  what  he  called  it,  but 
it  meant  game.  This  just  suited  me,  for  I'd  been 
out  with  the  poachers  when  I  was  a  lad,  and 
indeed  when  I  was  in  service,  out  of  a  night  on 
the  sly;  so  I  knew  they  got  stiffish  prices.  My 
friend  got  me  the  pigeons.  I  believe  he  cheated 
me,  but  he's  gone  to  glory.  The  next  season 
game  was  made  legal  eating.  Before  that  I 
cleared  from  25s.  to  40s.  a  week  by  selling  my 
1  pigeons."  I  carried  real  pigeons  as  well,  which 
I  said  was  my  own  rearing  at  Gravesend.  I  sold 
my  game  pigeons — there  was  all  sorts  of  names 
for  them — in  the  City,  and  sometimes  in  the 
Strand,  or  Charing- cross,  or  Covent- garden.  I 
sold  to  shopkeepers.  Oft  enough  I've  been  of- 
fered so  much  tea  for  a  hare.  I  sometimes  had 
a  hare  in  each  pocket,  but  they  was  very  awk- 
ward carriage  ;  if  one  was  sold,  the  other  sagged 
so.  I  very  seldom  sold  them,  at  that  time,  at 
less  than  3s.  6d.,  often  4s.  6d.,  and  sometimes 
5s.  or  more.  I  once  sold  a  thumping  old  jack- 
hare  to  a  draper  for  6s. ;  it  was  Christmas 
time,  and  he  thought  it  was  a  beauty.  I  went 
into  the  country  after  that,  among  my  friends, 
and  had  a  deal  of  ups  and  downs  in  different 
parts.  I  was  a  navvy  part  of  the  time,  till  five 
or  six  year  back  I  came  to  London  again,  and 
got  into  my  old  trade;  but  it's  quite  a  different 
thing  now.  I  hawks  grouse,  and  every  thing, 
quite  open.  Leadenhall  and  Newgate  is  my 
markets.  Six  of  one  and  half-a-dozen  of 
t'other.  When  there's  a  great  arrival  of  game, 
after  a  game  battle"  (he  would  so  call  a  battue) 
"  and  it's-warm  weather,  that's  my  time  of  day, 
for  then  I  can  buy  cheap.  A  muggy  day,  when 
it's  close  and  warm,  is  best  of  all.  I  have  a  tidy 
bit  of  connection  now  in  game,  and  don't  touch 
poultry  when  I  can  get  game.  Grouse  is  the 
first  thing  I  get  to  sell.  They  are  legal 
on  the  12th  of  August,  but  as  there's  hundreds 
of  braces  sold  in  London  that  day,  and  as 
they're  shot  in  Scotland  and  Yorkshire,  and 
other  places  where  there's  moors,  in  course 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


133 


killed  before  it's  legal.  It's  not  often 
1  can  get  them  early  in  the  season;  not  the 
eek,  but  I  Lave  had  three  brace  two 
:iefore  they  were  legal,  and  sold  them 
at  5s.  a  brace ;  they  cost  me  3*.  3d.,  but  I  was 
told  I  was  favoured.  I  got  them  of  a  dealer, 
but  that's  a  secret.  I  sold  a  few  young  par- 
tridges with  grouse  this  year  at  Is.  6d.  and 
Is.  9d.  a  piece,  allowing  2d.  or  Sd.  if  a  brace 
was  taken.  They  weren't  legal  eating  till  the 
1st  of  September,  but  they  was  shot  by  grouse 
shooters,  and  when  I  hawked  them  I  called 
them  quails.  Lord,  sir,  gentlefolks — and  I 
serve  a  good  many,  leastways  their  cooks,  and 
now  and  then  themselves — they  don't  make  a 
fuss  about  Game  Laws ;  they've  too  much 
sense.  I've  bought  grouse  quite  fresh  and 
fine  when  there's  been  a  lot,  and  bad  keeping 
weather,  at  Is.  and  I5d.  each.  I've  sold  them 
sometimes  at  Is.  6d.  and  2s.  each,  and  2s.  6d. 
the  big  ones,  but  only  twice  or  thrice.  If  you 
ask  very  low  at  first,  people  won't  buy,  only 
a  few  good  judges,  'cause  they  think  something 
must  be  amiss.  I  once  bought  a  dozen  good 
hares,  on  a  Saturday  afternoon,  for  10s.  6d.  It 
was  jolly  hot,  and  I  could  hardly  sell  them. 
I  got  1*.  6d.  a  piece  for  three  of  them ;  2s.  for 
the  finest  one  ;  Is.  3d.  for  five,  no,  for  four;  Is. 
IQd.  for  two;  and  I  had  a  deal  of  trouble  to 
.tndlord  to  take  the  last  two  for  Is.  6d., 
t  )  wipe  off  a  bit  of  a  drink  score.  I  didn't 
do  so  bad  as  it  was,  but  if  it  hadn't  been  Sa- 
turday, I  should  have  made  a  good  thing  of 
!.a.rd  work  carrying  a  dozen 
hares ;  and  every  one  of  that  lot — except  two, 
and  they  was  fine  leverets — was  as  cheap  as 
butcher's  meat  at  half-a-crown  a  piece.  I've 
done  middling  in  partridges  this  year.  I've 
bought  them,  but  mixed  things  they  • 
low  as  from  \0d.  to  \Gd.  a  brace,  and  have  made 
a  profit,  big  or  little  as  happened,  on  every  one. 
that's  regular  customers  I  always  charge 
fit  in  2*.  6d.  to,  and  that's  far  cheaper 
•  y  can  get  served  oilier  ways.  It's  chiefly 
ae  battles  that  does  so  much  to  cheapen 
:.:es  or  peasants"  (so  he  always  called 
pheasants)  ;  "and  it's  only  then  I  meddl* 
peasants.  They're  sold  handier  than  th.- 
I  think.  They're,  legai 
on  the  1st  of  ' 
mutton  made  Icpal  eating,  on 

In  very  1,  Lone  well   on 

wild   (1  y   come   ov.  n   the 

suits  some  birds  si  .:  hard 

weather  that's  dri. 
drawcd  then 

'' 

one  da  race  of 

' 

often  as  there's  been  a  clia.  .1  man 

did  uncommon  well  < 
a  j 

': :  at  he  was,  th  a  t  i  f  .  as  for 

and  lots  of  wild 

nd  woodcock,  and 


snipe,  but  not  so  much.  I  never  plays  no  tricks 
with  nnj  birds.  I  trims  them  up  to  look  well, 
certainly.  If  they  won't  keep,  and  won't  sell, 
I  sticks  them  into  a  landlord  I  knows,  as  likes 
them  high,  for  a  quartern  or  a  pot,  or  anything. 
It's  often  impossible  to  keep  them.  If  they're 
hard  hit  it's  soon  up  with  them.  A  sportsman, 
if  he  has  a  good  dog — but  you'll  know  that  if 
you've  ever  been  a  shooting,  sir — may  get  close 
upon  a  covey  of  young  partridges  before  he 
springs  them,  and  then  give  them  his  one,  two, 
with  both  barrels,  and  they're  riddled  to  bits. 
I  may  make  18s.  a  week  all  the  year  round, 
because  I  have  a  connection.  I'm  very  much 
respected,  I  thinks,  on  my  round,  for  I  deal 
fair ;  that  there,  sir,  breeds  respect,  you  know. 
When  I  can't  get  game  (birds)  J.  can  some- 
times, indeed  often,  get  hares,  and  mostly  rab- 
bits. I've  hawked  venson,  but  did  no  good — 
though  I  cried  it  at  4d.  the  Ib.  My  best  weeks 
is  worth  30s.  to  35s.,  my  worst  is  6s.  to  10s.  I'm 
a  good  deal  in  the  country,  working  it.  I'm 
forced  to  sell  fish  sometimes.  Geese  I  sometimes 
join  a  mate  in  selling.  I  don't  mix  much  with 
the  costermongers  ;  in  coorse  I  knows  some.  I 
live  middling.  Do  I  ever  eat  my  own  game  if 
it's  high  ?  No,  sir,  never.  I  couldn't  stand  such 
cag-mag — my  stomach  couldn't — though  I've 
been  a  gentleman's  servant.  Such  stuff  don't 
suit  nobody  but  rich  people,  whose  stomach's 
diseased  by  over- feeding,  and  that's  been  brought 
up  to  it,  like.  I've  only  myself  to  keep  now. 
I've  had  a  wife  or  two,  but  we  parted  "  (this 
was  said  gravely  enough);  "  there  was  nothing 
to  hinder  us.  1  see  them  sometimes  and  treat 
them." 

The  quantity  of  game  annually  sold  in  the 
London  streets  is  as  follows : — 

Grouse  ....  5,000 
Partridges  ....  20,000 
Pheasants  ....  12,000 
Snipes  ....  5,000 
Hares  ....  20,000 

STATEMENT  OF  Two  POULTRY  HAWKERS. 

Two  brothers,  both  good-looking  and  well- 
spoken  young  men— one  1  might  characterise 
as  handsome— gave  me  the  following  account. 
I  i'c.imd  them  unwilling  to  speak  of  their  youth, 
and  did  not  press  them.  1  w.is  afterwards  in- 
formed that  their  parents  died  within  the  same 
month,  and  that  the  family  was  taken  into  the 
workhouse  ;  but  the  two  boys  left  it  in  a  little 
thcv  could  benefit  by  any 
;  of  them  could  read  or  write. 
They  !•  ••(-.  with  some  little  sum  in 

hand,   fo    "  start    theirselves."       All    intelligent 
.'iiger,  who  was  with  me  when   I  saw  the 
two    brothers,    told    me    that    ' 

:ather    be  thought  to   have    eome 

workhouse."    for     his 
they  l.card 

..i.ilded     for 
ro    brothers 

wore  clean    smock  their 

dress,  ai.  liberal  display  of  their  clean, 


134 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


but  coarse,  shirts.  It  was  on  a  Monday  that 
I  saw  them.  What  one  brother  said,  the  other 
confirmed:  so  I  use  the  plural  "  we." 

"  We  sell  poultry  and  game,  but  stick  most 
to  poultry,  which  suits  our  connection  best.  We 
buy  at  Leadenhall.  We'  re  never  cheated  in 
the  things  \ve  buy  ;  indeed,  perhaps,  we  could'ut 

be.       A  salesman  will  say — Mr.  H will — 

'  Buy,  if  you  like,  I  can't  recommend  them. 
Use  your  own  judgment  They're  cheap.'  He 
has  only  one  price,  and  that's  often  a  low  one. 
re  from  Is.  to  Is.  9d.  for  good  chickens, 
and  from  2s.  6d.  mostly  for  geese  and  turkeys. 
Pigeons  is  Is.  9J.  to  3$.  a  dozen.  We  aim  at 
(id.  profit  on  chickens  ;  and  Is.,  if  we  can  get  it, 
or  6d.  if  we  can  do  no  better,  on  geese  and 
turkeys.  Ducks  are  the  same  as  chickens.  -A1! 
tbe  year  through,  we  may  make  12s.  a  week  a 
piece.  We  work  together,  one  on  one  side  of 
the  street  and  tbe  other  on  the  other.  It 
answers  best  that  way.  People  find  we  can't 
undersell  one  another.  We  buy  the  poultry, 
whenever  we  can,  undressed,  and  dre>- 
nurselves  ;  pull  tht-  i  Vat  hers  oil'  and  make  them 
.  We  sell  cheaper  than  the 
shops,  or  we  couldn't  sell  at  all.  But  you 
..vn,  to  do  any  trade,  or  people  will 
think  your  poult  i  \\'c  work  LT 

hares  to-day,  mostly,  and  have  made  about 
.  .1  piece,  but  that's  an  extra  day.  Our 
'i  tomers  are  I 

people  in  the  houses  a  little  way   out  of  town. 
Work-::";    people  don't  buy  of  us  now.      We're 
going  to  a  penny   gaff  to-night"   (it   was  then 
i  four  and  five);  "we've  no  better  way  of 
spending  our  time  when  our  day's  work  is  done." 
Frou:  ;is  before  given,  the  street-sale 

of  poultry  amounts  yearly  to 

500,000  fowl-;. 
80,000  du 

'00  geese. 
30,000  turkeys. 

OF  THE  STREET  SALE  OF  LIVE  POULTRY. 
THE  street  trade  in  live  poultry  is  not  con- 
siderable, and  has  become  less  considcrab! 
year,  since  the  facilities  of  railway  conveyance 
have  induced  persons  in  the  suburbs  to  make 
their  purchases  in  London  rather  than  of  the 
hawkers.  Geese  used  to  be  bought  very  largely 
by  the  hawkers  in  Leadenhall,  and  were  driven 
in  flocks  to  the  country,  500  being  a  frequent 
number  of  a  flock.  Their  sale  commenced  about 
six  miles  from  town  in  all  directions,  die  pur- 
chasers being  those  who,  having  the  necessary 
convenience,  liked  to  fatten  their  own  Christmas 
geese,"  and  the  birds  when  bought  were  small  and 
lean.  A  few  flocks,  with  120  or  150  in  each, 
are  still  disposed  of  in  this  way ;  but  the  trade 
is  not  a  fifth  of  what  it  was.  As  this  branch  of 
the  business  is  not  in  the  hands  of  the  hawkers, 
but  generally  of  country  poulterers  resident  in 
the  towns  not  far  from  the  metropolis,  I  need 
but  allude  to  ir.  A  few  ilocks  of  ducks  are 
driven  in  the 


The  street  trade  in  live  poultry  continues  only 
for  three  months — from  the  latter  part  of 
to  the  latter  part  of  September.  At  this  period, 
the  hawkers  say,  as  they  can't  get  "  dead  "  they 
must  get  "live."  During  these  three  months 
the  hawkers  sell  500  chickens  and  300  ducks 
weekly,  by  hawking,  or  10,400  in  the  season 
of  13  weeks.  Occasionally,  as  many  as  50  men 
and  women — the  same  who  hawk  dead  game 
and  poultry— are  concerned  in  the  traffic  I  am 
treating  of.  At  other  times  there  are  hardly  30, 
and  in  some  not  20  so  employed,  for  if  the  wea- 
ther be  temperate,  dead  poultry  is  preferred  to 
live  by  the  hawkers.  Taking  the  average  of 
"live"  sellers  at  25  every  w;.  only  a 

trade  of  32  birds  each  weekly.     Some,  In- 
will  sell  18  in  a  day;  but  others,  whooccas; 
resort  to  the  trade,  only  a  dozen  in  a  week.    The 
birds  are  sometimes  carried  in  baskets  on  the 
hawker's  arm,  their  heads  being  let  through  net- 
vrork  at  the  top  ;  but  more  frequently  they  are 
hawked  in  open  wicker-work  coops  carried  on 
the  head.     The  best  live  poultry  are  from  Surrey 
and  Sussex  ;  the  inferior  from  ;:d  per- 

haps more  than  three-fourths  of  that  sold  by  the 
hawkers  is  Irish. 

The  further  nature  of  the  trade,  and  th 
of  customers,  is  shown  in  the  following 
ment,  given  to  me  by  a  mid.i  n,  who 

had  been  familiar  with  the  trade  from  his  youth. 
s,  sir,"  he  said,  "  I've  had  a  turn  at  live 
poultry  for  —  let  me  see  —  someways   between 
twenty  and  twenty-five  years.     The  business  is 

- :  it's  heavy  work,  but '  live' 
heavy  as  '  dead.'    There's  fewer  of  them  to  carry 
in  a  round,  that's  it.     Ah  !   twenty  years  ago,  or 
better,  live  poultry  was  worth  I  did 

a  good  bit  in  it.  I've  sold  160  fowls  and  ducks, 
and  more,  in  a  week,  and  cleared  about  47.  But 
out  of  that  I  had  to  give  a  man  Is.  a  day,  and  his 
peck,  to  help  me.  At  that  time  I  sold  my  ducks 
and  chickens — I  worked  nothing  else — at  from 
2s.  to  3s.  6d.  a  piece,  according  to  size  and  quality. 
Now,  if  I  get  from  14rf.  to  2s.  it's  not  so  bad.  I 
sell  more,  I  think,  however,  over  Is.  6d.  than  un- 
der it,  but  I'm  perticler  in  my  '  live."  I  never 
sold  to  any  but  people  out  of  town  that  had  conve- 
nience to  keep  them,  and  Lord  knows,  I'-, 
ponds  I  could  jump  over  reckoned  prime  for 
ducks.  Them  that  keeps  their  gardens  nice  won' t 
buy  live  poultry.  I've  seldom  sold  to  the  big 
anything  like  to  what  I've  done  to  the  smaller. 
The  big  houses,  you  see,  goes  for  fancy  br.: 
such  as  Sir  John  Seabright's,  or  Spanish  hens,  or 
a  bit  of  a  game  cross,  or  real  game  — j  nst  for  orna- 
ment, and  not  for  fighting— or  for  anything  that's 
got  its  name  up.  I've  known  young  couples  buy 
fowls  to  have  their  breakfast  eggs  from  them. 
One  young  lady  told  me  to  bring  her — that's 
fifteen  year  ago,  it  is  so — six  couples,  that  I 
knew  would  lav.  I  told  her  she'd  better  have 
five  hens  to  a  cock,  and  she  didn't  seem  pleased, 
but  I'm  sure  I  don't  know  why,  for  I  ho 

civil.     I  told  her  there  would  be  murder 
if  thvre  was  a  cock  to  •  I  supplied 

.;ie   o's.    by  the    job.      1 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


135 


-,vls    to    the    Jews    about  Whitechapel, 
way  to  Stratford  and  Bow,  but  only  when 
.ught  a  bargain   and  sold  one.     I  doii't 
nothing  how  the  Jews  kills  their  fowls, 
ummer  I  didn't  make  Is.  6rf.  a  day  ;  no, 
re  than  three  half-crowns  a  week  in  '  live.' 
-t's   only  part   of  my  trade.      I   don't 
..in,   so    it's   nothing   to   nobody    what    I 
From  Beever  (De  Beauvoir)  Town  to 
rd  Hill,  and  on  to  Tottenham  and  Ed- 
monton, and  turning  olf  "\Valthamstow  w. 
good  a  round  as  any  for  live ;    it  is  so ;    but 
_'  to  what  :.  :igate  and  Hamp- 

stead  is  middling.     The  t'other  side  the  water 

>od  at  all." 

Fancy  chickens,  I  may  add,  are  never  hawked, 
nor  are  live  pigeons,  nor  geese,  nor  turk 

The  hawkers'   sale  of  live  poultry  may  be 
at   a   moderate   computation,   as   0,500 
:.d  0,900  ducks. 

OF  RABBIT  SELLING  IN  THE  STREETS. 
RABBIT-SELLING  cannot  be  said  to  be  a  distinct 
branch   of  costennongering,   but   some   street- 
sellers  devote  themselves  to  it  more  exclusively 
to   other   "goods,"    and,  for  five   or  six 
months  of  the  year,  sell  little  else.     It  is  not 
>  it  is  sometimes,  united  with  the 
*  rade,  as  a  stock  of  rabbits,  of 
a  dozen  or  a  dozen  and  a  half,  is  a  sufficient 
r  one  man.   The  best  sale  for  rabbits  is  in 
the  suburbs.      They  are  generally  carried  slung 
1  two  on  a  long  pole,  which  is  supported 
on  the  man's  shoulders,  or  on  a  short  one  which 

the  hand.     Lately,  they  ha1. 

1  about  hung  up  on  a  barrow.     The  trade 

is  the  t  :mn  and  winter  months; 

but  so;;  ough  they  do  not 

confinr  -  to  the  traffic  in  them,  all  the 

following  statement  shows  the 

is  born  and  bred  a  costermongcr,"  he 
en  concern'  ;-y  thing 

.ostly  '  on  : 

•  s  sold  a  I* 
.i    hare    or   two,    and,    if 

:i   C)s.  to 
k  that 


—it    costs     : 

I    suppose. 


a-piece  on  them,  and  the  skins  at  Is.  od.t  it's 
3*.  3^.,  but  I  dont  sell  above  5  dozen  in  ;>. 
—that's  165.  3d.  a  week,  sir,  is  it?  Wet  and 
dark  weather  is  against  me.  People  won't  often 
buy  rabbits  by  candlelight,  if  they're  ever  so 
sweet.  Some  weeks  in  snrir.g  and  summer  I 
can't  sell  above  two  dozen  rabbits.  I  have  sold 
two  dozen  and  ten  on  a  Saturday  in  the  country, 
but  then  I  had  a  young  man  to  help  me. 
the  skins  to  a  warehouse  for  hatters.  My  old 
'oman  works  a  little  fish  at  a  stall  sometimes, 
but  she  only  can  in  fine  weather,  for  we've  a  kid 
that  can  hardly  walk,  and  it  don't  do  to  let  it 
stand  out  in  the  cold.  Perhaps  I  may  make 
10s.  to  14s.  a  week  all  the  year  round.  I'm 
paying  Is.  a  week  for  11.  borrowed,  and  paid  2s. 
all  last  year ;  but  I'll  pay  no  more  after  Christ- 
mas. I  did  better  on  rabbits  four  or  fn 
back,  because  I  sold  more  to  working-people  and 
small  shopkeepers  than  I  do  now.  I  suppose 
it's  because  they're  not  so  well  olF  now  as  they 
was  then,  and,  as  you  say,  butchers' -meat  may 
be  cheaper  now,  and  tempts  them.  I  do  best 
short  ways  in  the  country.  "\Vandsworth  way 
ain't  bad.  No  more  ij  ports  of  Stoke-Newing- 
ton  and  Stamford-hill.  St.  John's  Wood  and 
Hampstead  is  middling.  Hackney's  bad.  I 
goes  all  ways.  I  dont  know  what  sort  of  peo- 
ple's my  best  customers.  Two  of  'em,  I've  been 
told,  is  banker's  clerks,  so  in  course  they  is  rich." 
There  are  600,000  rabbits  sold  every  year  ii; 
the  streets  of  London  ;  these,  at  Id.  a-picec.  give 
17.500/.  thus  expended  annually  in  the  metro- 
polis. 

OF  THE  STREET  SALE  OF  BUTTER,  CIIEHSI:, 

AND  EGGS. 

ALL  these  commodities  used  to  be  hawked  in 
the  streets,  and  to  a  considerable  extent, 
as  nearly  as  I  can  ascertain,  between  twenty 
and  thirty  years  back,  butter  was  brought  from 
Epping,  and  other  neighbouring  parts,  where 
good  ]...  >!  hawked  in  the 

of    London,    usually   along    with    poult:' 

This  trade  is  among   the  more  . 

I   rail- 

i.nv.ever.    1.  Led    the    ): 

that   DO  iii  any 

>ndon, 
would  ; 

in    immense    quai/ 
gium,  though  thir; 

don   hi' 

at    as    an    absmd     attempt     ..t     ;  :i     in<,; 

• 

he  said  to  ' 

. 


. 
ual. 


130 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  hawking  of  cheese  was  never  a  promi- 
nent part  of  the  street-trade.  Of  late,  its  sale 
in  the  streets,  may  be  described  as  accidental. 
A  considerable  quantity  of  American  cheese 
was  hawked,  or  more  commonly  sold  at  a  stand- 
ing, five  or  six  years  ago ;  unto  December  last, 
and  for  three  months  preceding,  cheese  was 
sold  in  the  streets  which  had  been  rejected  from 
Government  stores,  as  it  would  not  "  keep  " 
for  the  period  required ;  but  it  was  good  for 
immediate  consumption,  for  which  all  street- 
goods  are  required.  This,  and  the  American 
cheese,  were  both  sold  in  the  streets  at  3d.  the 
pound ;  usually,  at  fair  weights,  I  am  told,  for  it 
might  not  be  easy  to  deceive  the  poor  in  a  thing 
of  such  frequent  purchase  as  "  half  a  quarter  or 
a  quarter"  (of  a  pound)  of  cheese. 

The  total  quantity  of  foreign  cheese  con- 
sumed, yearly,  in  the  metropolis  may  be  esti- 
mated at  25,000,000  Ibs.  weight,  or  half  of  the 
gross  quantity  annually  imported. 

The  following  statement  shows  the  quantity 
and  sum  paid  for  the  game  and  poultry  sold  in 
London  streets : 


5,000  grouse,  at  Is.  9rf.  each      .  437 

20,000  partridges,  at  l.y.  i\il.    .          .     .  1,500 

12,000  pheasants,  at  .3.9.  (jrf.    .          .  2,100 

5,000  snipes,  at  Sd 160 

20,000  hares,  at  2s.  3d 2,250 

600,000  rabbits,  at  Id ,  17,500 

500,000  fowls,  at  Is.  61! 37,500 

20,000  geese,  at  '2s.  6d 2,500 

80,000  ducks,  at  1  s.  Gil 6,000 

30,000  turkeys,  at  3*.  6^/ 5,250 

10,000  live  fowls  and  ducks,  at  \s.  (id.  .  750 

£75,953 

In  this  table  I  do  not  give  the  refuse  game 
and  poultry,  bought  sometimes  for  the  mere 
feathers,  when  "  undressed ;"  neither  are  the 
wild  ducks  nor  woodcocks,  nor  those  things  of 
which  the  costers  buy  only  exceptionally,  in- 
cluded. Adding  these,  it  may  be  said,  that 
with  the  street  sale  of  butter,  cheese,  and  eggs, 
80.000/.  are  annually  expended  in  the  streets  on 
this  class  of  articles. 


OF  THE  SELLERS  OF  TREES,  SHRUBS,  FLOWERS  (CUT  AND 
IN  POTS),  ROOTS,  SEEDS,  AND  BRANCHES. 


THE  street- sellers  of  whom  I  have  now  to  treat 
comprise  those  who  deal  in  trees  and  shrubs,  in 
flowers  (whether  in  pots,  or  merely  with  soil 
attached  to  the  roots,  or  cut  from  the  plant 
as  it  grows  in  the  garden),  and  in  seeds  and 
branches  (as  of  holly,  mistletoe,  ivy,  yew,  laurel, 
palm,  lilac,  and  may).  The  "  root-sellers  " 
(as  the  dealers  in  flowers  in  pots  are  mostly 
called)  rank,  when  in  a  prosperous  business, 
with  the  highest  "aristocracy"  of  the  street- 
greengrocers.  The  condition  of  a  portion  of 
them,  may  be  characterised  by  a  term  which 
is  readily  understood  as  "comfortable,"  that 
is  to  say,  comparatively  comfortable,  when  the 
circumstances  of  other  street-sellers  are  consi- 
dered. I  may  here  remark,  that  though  there 
are  a  great  number  of  Scotchmen  connected  with 
horticultural  labour  in  England,  but  more  in  the 
provincial  than  the  metropolitan  districts,  there 
is  not  one  Scotchman  concerned  in  the  metro- 
politan street-sale  of  flowers ;  nor,  indeed,  as  I 
have  good  reason  to  believe,  is  there  a  single 
Scotchman  earning  his  bread  as  a  costermonger 
in  London.  A  non-commissioned  officer  in  an 
infantry  regiment,  a  Scotchman,  whom  I  met 
with  a  few  months  back,  in  the  course  of  my 
inquiries  concerning  street  musicians,  told  me 
that  he  thought  any  of  his  young  country- 
men, if  hard  pushed  "  to  get  a  crust,"  would 
enlist,  rather  than  resort,  even  under  favour- 
able circumstances,  to  any  kind  of  street-sale  in 
London. 


The  dealers  in  trees  and  shrubs  are  the  same 
as  the  root-sellers. 

The  same  may  be  said,  but  with  some  few 
exceptions,  of  the  seed-sellers. 

The  street-trade  in  holly,  mistletoe,  and  all 
kinds  of  evergreens  known  as  "Christmas,"  is 
in  the  hands  of  the  coster  boys  more  than  the 
men,  while  the  trade  in  may,  &c.,  is  almost 
altogether  confined  to  these  lads. 

The  root-sellers  do  not  reside  in  any  particular 
localities,  but  there  are  more  of  them  living  in 
the  outskirts  than  in  the  thickly  populated 
streets. 

The  street- sellers  of  cut  flowers  present  cha- 
racteristics peculiarly  their  own.  This  trade  is 
mostly  in  the  hands  of  girls,  who  are  of  two 
classes.  This  traffic  ranks  with  the  street  sale 
of  water-cresses  and  congreves,  that  is  to  say, 
among  the  lowest  grades  of  the  street-trade, 
being  pursued  only  by  the  very  poor,  or  the 
very  young. 

OF  THE  QUANTITY  OF  SHRUBS,  "  ROOTS," 
FLOWERS,  ETC.,  SOLD  IN  TIIL  STREETS. 
AND  OF  THE  BUYERS. 

THE  returns  which  I  caused  to  be  procured, 
to  show  the  extent  of  the  business  carried  on 
in  the  metropolitan  markets,  give  the  following 
results  as  to  the  quantity  of  trees,  shrubs,, 
flowers,  roots,  and  branches,  sold  wholesale  in 
London,  as  well  as  the  proportion  retailed  in, 
the  streets. 


LONDON  LABOUR  slND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


137 


TABLE  SHOWING  THE  QUANTITY  OF  TREES,  SHRUBS,   FLOWERS,   ROOTS, 
>   BRANCHES   SOLD  ANNUALLY,  WHOLESALE,  AT  THE    METROPO- 
LITAN MARKETS,  AND  THE  PROPORTION  RETAILED  IN  THE  STREETS.* 


Covent  Garden. 

Farringdon. 

Total. 

Proportion  sold 
to  Costers. 

TREES  AND  SHRUBS. 
Firs      

400  doz.  roots 

400 

800 

One-third. 

Laurels      

480 
1  440          „ 

480 
1,120 

960 
9  5go 

One-third. 
One-  fourth 

288 

256 

">  1  1- 

Lilac 

192          „ 

192 

384 

One-sixth 

Box 

288 

192 

480 

One-sixth 

Heaths  (of  all  kinds)   .... 
Broom  and  Furze 

1,600          „ 

5  It 

1,440 
480 

3,040 
1  O'H 

One-fifth. 
One-fourth 

400 

320 

720 

One-  fourth 

Southernwood  (Old  Man)      .     . 
I:RS  (IN  POTS). 
Roses  (Moss)      
Ditto  (China)     

960          „ 

1,200  doz.  pots 
1,200 
1  200 

480 

960 
960 
960 

1,440 

2,160 
2,160 
•'  1  f>0 

One-half. 

One-half. 
One-half. 
One-half 

FLOWER  ROOTS. 
Primroses  

600  doz.  roots 

400 

,000 

One-half. 

Polyanthus     
Cowslips 

720 
790 

720 
480 

,440 
,200 

One-half. 
One-half 

Daisies      
Wallflowers    
Candytufts     
Daffodils    
Violets  
Mignonette     
Stocks  
Pinks  and  Carnations  .... 
Lilies  of  the  Valley      .... 

Lilies  and  Tulips    
Balsam      
Calceolarii 

800 
960 
720 
720 
1,200          „ 
2,000          „ 
1.600 
480 
144 
600 
152 
320 
360 

600 
960 
480 
480 

1,200 
1,800 
1,280 
320 
144 
480 
128 
320 
240 

,400 
,920 
,200 
,200 
2,400 
3,800 
2,880 
800 
288 
1,080 
280 
640 
600 

One-half. 
One-half. 
One-half. 
One-half. 
One-third. 
One-sixth. 
One-sixth. 
One-half. 
One-fourth. 
One-fourth. 
One-ninth. 
One  sixth. 
One-ninth 

Musk-plants        
London  Pride 

5,760 
400 

4,800 
320 

10,560 
720 

One-  half. 
One-third. 


tci    
Marigold:-.       


960 
450          „ 
5,760 
80 

610 
400 
4,800 

80 

1,600 

850 
10/,(i(i 
160 

One-third. 
One-six  tli. 

iirhth. 
(  )ne-ninth. 

800          „ 

480 

1,280 

\th. 

. 
i  >aiuies     .... 
FLOWERS  (CUT). 

216 

1   1  !  i  ' 

116 

1    -JMI 

third. 

•;ilf 

\\ 

1    '-'HI 

nlf 

•  )    •     • 

:  the  Valii-> 
MOM  Roses  

1,600 
160 

Ll-jof 
MO 

luJ£ 

Oiu'-thinl. 

;.ilf. 
•    nth. 

third, 
third. 

•  'ijrd 

1 
i 

Palm 

May     

30 

20 

70f 

a  If. 
alf. 

;ilf. 
.alf. 
half. 

•  The  number*  here  h.iwken  at  the  nurtcrjr  garde 

•c  totals  include  thr  tuppliei  tent  to  • 


138 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Perhaps  the  plcasantest  of  all  cries  in  early 
spring  is  that  of  "  All  a-growing— all  a-blow- 
iug  "  heard  for  the  first  time  in  the  season.  It 
is  that  of  the  "root-seller"  who  has  stocked 
his  barrow  with  primroses,  violets,  and  daisies. 
Their  beauty  and  fragrance  gladden  the  senses  ; 
u-.ul  the  first  and,  perhaps,  unexpected  sight  of 
them  may  prompt  hopes  of  the  coming  year, 
such  as  seem  proper  to  the  spring. 

Cobbett  has  insisted,  and  with  unquestioned 
truth,  that  a  fondness  for  bees  and  flowers  is 
among  the  very  best  characteristics  of  the 
!i  peasant.  I  consider  it  equally  un- 
questionable that  a  fondness  tor  in-door  flowers, 
is  indicative  of  the  good  character  and  healthful 
;is  well  as  of  the  domestic  and  indus- 
trious habits,  of  the  city  arti/an.  Among  some 
of  the  most  intelligent  and  best-conducted  of 
these  artizans,  I  may  occasionally  have  found, 
on  ray  visits  to  their  homes,  neither  flowers  nor 
birds,  but  then  I  have  found  books. 

United  with  the  fondness  for  the  violet,  the 
wallflower,    the   rose — is    the    presence  of   the 
quality  which   has  been  pronounced  the  hand- 
maiden   of    all    i:  —  cleanliiv. 
believe  that  the  bunch   of  violets,  on  which   a 
poor  woman  or  her  husband  has  expem. 
rarely  ornaments  an   unsv.vpt  hearth.      In   my 
;it  notice  how  the 
•  >  gather  with 

other  indications  of  the   better  tastes,  marked 
the   d:  the   well-paid    and   the 

ill- paid  workman.  Concerning  the  tail 
instance,  I  had  occasion  to  remark,  of  the 
dwellings  of  these  classes: — "In  the  one,  you 
occasionally  ilnd  small  statues  of  Shakspere 
beneath  glass  shades ;  in  the  other,  all  is  dirt 
and  fcetor.  The  working-tailor's  comfortable 
first-floor  at  the  West-end  is  redolent  with  the 
perfume  of  the  small  bunch  of  violets  that 
stands  in  a  tumbler  over  the  mantel-piece ;  the 
sweater's  wretched  garret  is  rank  with  the 
stench  of  filth  and  herrings."  The  presence  of 
the  bunch  of  flowers  of  itself  tells  us  of  "a  better 
state  of  things"  elevating  the  workman  ;  for, 
amidst  the  squalid  poverty  and  fustiness  of  a 
slopworker's  garret,  the  nostril  loses  its  dain- 
tiness of  sense,  so  that  even  a  freshly  fragrant 
wallflower  is  only  so  many  yellow  petals  and 
green  leaves. 

A  love  of  flowers  is  also  observable  among 
men  whose  avocations  are  out  of  doors,  and 
those  whose  habits  are  necessarily  those  of 
order  and  punctuality. 

Among  this  class  are  such  persons  as  gentle- 
men's coachmen,  who  delight  in  the  display 
of  a  flower  or  two  in  the  button-holes  of 
their  coats  when  out  of  doors,  and  in  small 
vases  in  their  rooms  in  their  masters'  mews.  I 
have  even  seen  the  trellis  work  opposite  the 
windows  of  cabmen's  rooms,  which  were  over 
stables,  with  a  projecting  roof  covering  the  whole, 
thickly  yellow  and  green  with  the  flowers  and 
leaves  of  the  easily-trained  nasturtium  and  herb 
"  twopence."  The  omnibus  driver  occasion- 
ally "sports  a  nosegay" — as  he  himself  might 


word    it— in   his  button-hole ;    and    the  stage- 
coachman  of  old  felt  he  was  improperly  <h 
if  a  big  bunch  of  flowers  were  not  attached  to 
his  coat.     Sailors  ashore  are  likewise  generally 
fond  of  flowers. 

A  delight  in  flowers  is  observable,  also, 
among  the  workers  whose  handicraft  requires 
the  exercise  of  taste,  and  whose  eyes  are  sen- 
sible, from  the  nature  of  their  employment,  to 
the  beauty  of  colour.  To  this  c 
especially  the  Spitaliields'  silk-  ;t  one 

time  the  Spitaltields  weavers   -,.  t   the 

only   botanists    in   London,    and    their    love    of 
flowers  is   still   strong.     I   h;:  .chsias 

gladdening  the  weaver's  eyes   by    being  placed 
near  his  loom,  their  crimson  pendants  swinging 
baekwarks  and  -forwards  to  the  motion   of  the 
treadles,  while  his  small  back 
many-coloured  with  dalilias.      Tlii 
too,    were    at    one    time    highly- successful    ai 
growers  of  tulips. 

Those  out-door  workmen,  whose  calling  is  of 
coarse  character,  are  never  known  to  purchase 
flowers,  which  to  them  are  mere  trumpery.  Per- 
haps no  one  of  my  readers  ever  saw  a  flower  in 
the  possession  of  aflusherman,night] 

.yer,  gut  and  tripe-pn 
or  such  like  labourer. 
the  mind  no  appreciation  of    beauty,   and  the 

'  i'  smell  is  actually  dead  in  them, 
the  odour  be  rank  exceedingly. 

The  fondness  tor  flowers  in  London  is 
strongest  in  the  women,  and,  perhaps,  strongest 
in  those  whose  callings  are  in-door  and  seden- 

Flowers  are  to  them  a  companionship. 
It  remains  only   for   me   to  state  that,  in  the 
poorest  districts,  and  among  people  where  there 
is  no  sense  of  refinement  or  but  a  small  love 
for    natural   objects,    flowers    are    little    known. 
Flowers  are  not  bought  by  the  slop- work  > 
garret  and  chamber-masters  of  Bethnal- 
nor  in  the  poor  Irish  districts,   nor  by  t! 
people      Indeed,  as  I  have  observed,  there  is 
not  a  flower- stand  in  the  city. 

It  should  be  remembered  that,  in  poor  dis- 
tricts, the  first  appearance  of  flowers  conveys 
to  the  slop-workman  only  one  pleasurable  asso- 
ciation— that  the  season  of  warmth  has  arrived, 
and  that  he  will  not  only  escape  being  chilled 
with  cold,  but  that  he  will  be  delivered  from 
the  heavy  burden  of  providing  fire  and  candle. 
A  pleasant-looking  man,  with  an  appearance 
which  the  vulgar  characterise  as  '-jolly,"  and 
with  hearty  manners,  gave  me  the  following 
account  as  to  the  character  of  his  cus 
He  had  known  the  business  since  he  was  a 
boy,  his  friends  having  been  in  it  previously. 
He  said: 

"  There's  one  old  gentleman  a  little  way  out 
of  town,  he  always  gives  Is.  for  the  first  violet 
root  that  any  such  as  me  carries  there.  I'm 
often  there  before  any  others :  'Ah!'  h 
'here  you  are;  you've  come,  like  Buonaparte, 
with  your  violet.'  I  don't  know  exactly  wha: 
he  means.  I  don't  like  to  ask  him  you  sec ; 
for,  though  he's  civil,  he's  in 


ZO.V/JO.V  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


139 


.    free  sort  of  man — that's   it"     [I 

ed     to    him    that  the   allusion   was   to 

s    emblem  of   the    vioiet,  with  the 

•elation   he  or  his  adn.  to  it — 

:ie  in  the  spring."]     "That's  it,  sir,  is 

ell,  I'm   glad  I  know, 

:i't  like  to  be  puzzled.     Mine's  a 

le,   though,     Violets  have   a  good 

sale.     I've  sold  six  dozen  roots  in  a  d:, 

.If  as  many  primroses  and  double-'. 

•.;  diets.     I  've   sold 

some  to  poor  people  in  town,  but  they  like  their 
roots  in  pots.    They  haven't  a  bit  of  a  garden  for 

.y.  when  tlu 

such  rents.      People  that  sits  working  all  day  is 

.1  dial's 

.ding  in  his  oiuce— -he's 

.•.•thing  of  me  every 

<>r  thrice  a  week,  some- 

:.;t  he    does  with    them 

all.    Barmaids,  though  you  mightn't  think  it,  sir, 
customers.    So,  sometimes,  is  young 
;i  improper  way  of  life,  about 
-grove,  and  in  some  parts  near  Oxford- 
street      Tli  .    sorts.     Perhaps   more 
r  they're  beautiful  roots, 

and  not  dear.     I've  sold  real  beauties  for  Id.— 

real  beauties,  but  small ;  6d.  is  a  fair  price ;  one 

stock  will  perfume  a  house.    I  tell  my  customers 

not  to  sleep  with  them  in  the  room  ;  it  is:, 

.  doctor  told  me  that,  a:. 

•  me  a  fuchsia  for  my  opinion.' 

•L-S  I  sell  most  of — 

;s — two  or  three  or  four  miles 

.  and  most  if  a   .  me  into 

:anged  their  house,  if  there's 

•lies  teases  the  old  ones 

.   the   garden,  and    when 

:ly  to    work  that  way,  it's  a 

>ale.       If  they     i  father, 

•n  never  buy 

['  J:i    no    tho- 

I   there 

!id— a   cin 

lunics    as    to    the    ha  .  ^tes    uf    the 

.  muses  there 


'ilour, 


:id  perfume,  as  comb: 

tidy  customers."  r<-Mii:  < 
have  a  good  deal 

1    a   par  sun   say  to   hi 
ir,  go  and  buy  a  con 
•  en  for  m\ 

for  w<  n't  my  b< 

tomer*.     There'*  a  sh« 


•'H  have  BOT; 

'..-plants)  at 


"  The  poor  people  buy  rather  largely  at 
imes ;  that  is,  many  of  them  buy.  One  day  last 
summer,  my  old  woman  and  me  sold  600  penny 
)ots  of  mignonette  ;  and  all  about  you  saw  them 
— and  it  was  a  pleasure  to  see  them — in  the  poor 
women's  windows.  The  women  are  far  th 
customers.  There  was  the  mignonette  behind 
"he  bits  of  bars  they  have,  in  the  shape  of 
rates  and  such  like,  in  the  front  of  their  win- 
dows, in  the  way  of  preventing  the  pots  falling 
'nto  the  street.  Mignonette's  the  best  of  all 
br  a  sure  sale ;  where  can  you  possibly  have  a 
sweeter  or  a  nicer  penn'orth,  pot  and  all." 

OF  THE  STREET  SALE  OF  TREES  AND  SHRUBS. 
THE  street- trade  in  trees  and  shrubs  is  an  ap- 

•  of  "  root-selling,"  and  not  an  inde- 
pendent avocation.  The  season  of  supply  at  the 
markets  extends  over  July,  August,  September, 
and  October,  with  a  smaller  trade  in  the  winter 
and  spring  months.  At  the  nursery  garden 
the  best  data  I  can  arrive  at,  there  are  about  twice 
as  many  trees  and  shrubs  purchased  as  in  tiu.- 
narkets  by  the  costermongers.  Nor  is  tliis  the 
only  difference.  It  is  the  more  costly  descrip- 
tions that  are  bought  at  the  nursery  grounds. 

The  trees  and  shrubs  are  bought  at  the 
gardens  under  precisely  the  same  circumstances 
as  the  roots,  but  the  trade  is  by  no  means  popu- 
lar with  the  root-sellers.  They  regard  these 

cumbrous  goods,  as  the  smarter  costers 

do  such  things  as  turnips  and  potatoes,  requir- 

:d  yielding  less  proiit.     M  I: 

a  man's  heart,''  said  one  dealer,  '*  and  half 
kills  his  beast,  going  round  with  a  lot  of  heavy 

that  perhaps  you  can't  sell."   The 

;i;ey  must  keep  them,   "or  people 

.  where  they  can  get  roots,  and  tr<  <. 

everything,  all  together."    In  winter,  or  in  early 

spring,  the  street-seller  goes  a  round  m- 

-ens   and   shrubs    aloi. 

the  trade  is  then  .  !\il  to  hiu.. 

;tl  shrubs  are  displayed,  when  th' 

::il   near  the 

flower-stand;    som  ou  the 

ground,  along-side    the   flower-stand,   but  only 
when  no  lu/th  .n  be  made. 

The  trees  •  :  y  the  costers  are 

iiighly 

(when    sm.ill),     pr  .    furze 

.     ' 

|  when   lar; 

| 

n(rhododcn< 

and  there  waa  a  r.  ;  about  tli 


140 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


though  I  only  charged  7*.  6d.  for  the  two,  which 
was  Is.  3d.  a  piece  for  carriage,  and  hard  earned 
too,  to  carry  them  near  five  miles  in  my  cart, 
almost  on  purpose,  but  I  thought  I  was  pleas- 
ing a  good  customer.  Then  there's  myrtles, 
why  I  can  get  them  at  5d.  a  piece,  and  at  5s., 
and  a  deal  more  if  wanted.  You  can  have 
myrtles  that  a  hat  might  be  very  big  for  them 
to  grow  in,  and  myrtles  that  will  fill  a  great 
window  in  a  fine  house.  I've  bought  common 
heaths  at  Is.  3d.  a  dozen." 

The  coster  ordinarily  confines  himself  to  the 
cheaper  sorts  of  plants,  and  rarely  meddles  with 
such  things  as  acacias,  mezereons,  savines,  sy- 
ringas,  lilacs,  or  even  myrtles,  and  with  none  of 
these  things  unless  cheap.  "  Trees,  real  trees," 
I  was  told,  "are  often  as  cheap  as  anything. 
Them  young  firs  there  was  4s.  6d.  a  dozen,  and 
a  man  at  market  can  buy  four  or  six  of  them  if 
he  don't  want  a  dozen." 

The  customers  for  trees  ana  snrubs  are  gene- 
rally those  who  inhabit  the  larger  sort  of  houses, 
where  there  is  room  in  the  hall  or  the  windows 
for  display  ;  or  where  there  is  a  garden  capa- 
cious enough  for  the  implantation  of  the  shrubs. 
Three-fourths  of  the  trees  are  sold  on  a  round, 
and  when  purchased  at  a  stall  the  costermonger 
generally  undertakes  to  deliver  them  at  the 
purchaser's  residence,  if  not  too  much  out  of 
his  way,  in  his  rectular  rounds.  Or  he  may 
diverge,  and  make  <?  round  on  speculation, 
purposely.  There  is  as  much  bartering  trees 
for  old  clothes,  as  for  roots,  and  as  many,  or 
more,  complaints  of  the  hard  bargainings  of 
ladies:  "I'd  rather  sell  polyanthuses  at  a 
farthing  a  piece  profit  to  poor  women,  if  I  could 
get  no  more,"  said  one  man,  "than  I'd  work 
among  them  screws  that's  so  fine  in  grand  caps 
and  so  civil.  They'd  skin  a  flea  for  his  hide 
and  tallow." 

The  number  of  trees  and  shrubs  sold  annu- 
ally, in  the  streets,  are,  as  near  as  I  can  ascer- 
tain, as  follows— I  have  added  to  the  quantity 
purchased  by  the  street- sellers,  at  the  metropo- 
litan markets,  the  amount  bought  by  them  at  the 
principal  nursery-gardens  in  the  environs  of 
London  : 

Firs 9,576  roots 

Laurels  ....  1,152  „ 
Myrtles  ....  23,040  „ 
Rhododendrons  .  2,160  „ 

Lilacs 2,301     ., 

Box 2,880     „ 

Heaths  ....  21,888  „ 
Broom  ....  2,880  „ 

Furze 6,912     „ 

Laurustinus  .  .  .  6,480  ,, 
Southernwood  .  .  25,920  „ 

THE  LONDON  FLOWER  GIRLS. 
IT  is  not  easy  to  arrive  at  any  accurate  estimate 
of  the  number  of  flower-sellers  in  the  streets  o 
London.  The  cause  of  the  difficulty  lies  in  th< 
fact  that  none  can  be  said  to  devote  themselve: 
entirely  to  the  sale  of  flowers  in  the  street,  fo 
the  flower-sellers,  when  oranges  are  cheap  am 


jood,  find  their  sale  of  the  fruit  more  certain 
.nd  profitable  than  that  of  flowers,  and  resort 
o  it  accordingly.  Another  reason  is,  that  a 
>oor  costermonger  will  on  a  fine  summer's  day 
send  out  his  children  to  sell  flowers,  while 
HI  other  days  they  may  be  selling  water- 
cresses  or,  perhaps,  onions.  Sunday  is  the  best 
day  for  flower-selling,  and  one  experienced  man 
computed,  that  in  the  height  and  pride  of  the 
summer  400  children  were  selling  flowers,  on 
he  Sundays,  in  the  streets.  Another  man 
.bought  that  number  too  low  an  estimate,  and 
contended  that  it  was  nearer  800.  I  found 
more  of  the  opinion  of  my  last  mentioned  in- 
formant than  of  the  other,  but  I  myself  am 
disposed  to  think  the  smaller  number  nearer  the 
ruth.  On  week  days  it  is  computed  there  are 
about  half  the  number  of  flower-sellers  that  there 
are  on  the  Sundays.  The  trade  is  almost  en- 
tirely in  the  hands  of  children,  the  girls  out- 
numbering the  boys  by  more  than  eight  to  one. 
The  ages  of  the  girls  vary  from  six  to  twenty  ; 
few  of  the  boys  are  older  than  twelve,  and  most 
of  them  are  under  ten. 

Of  flower-girls  there  are  two  classes.  Some 
girls,  and  they  are  certainly  the  smaller  class 
of  the  two,  avail  themselves  of  the  sale  of  flowers 
in  the  streets  for  immoral  purposes,  or  rather, 
they  seek  to  eke  out  the  small  gains  of  their 
trade  by  such  practises.  They  frequent  the  great 
thoroughfares,  and  offer  their  bouquets  to  gen- 
tlemen, whom  on  an  evening  they  pursue  for 
a  hundred  yards  or  two  in  such  places  as  the 
Strand,  mixing  up  a  leer  with  their  whine  for 
custom  or  for  charity.  Tbeir  ages  are  from 
fourteen  to  nineteen  or  twenty,  and  sometimes 
they  remain  out  offering  their  flowers — or  dried 
lavender  when  no  fresh  flowers  are  to  be  had — 
until  late  at  night.  They  do  not  care,  to  make 
their  appearance  in  the  streets  until  towards 
evening,  and  though  they  solicit  the  custom  of 
ladies,  they  rarely  follow  or  importune  them. 
Of  this  class  I  shall  treat  more  fully  under  ano- 
ther head. 

The  other  class  of  flower-girls  is  composed  of 
the  girls  who,  wholly  or  partially,  depend  upon 
the  sale  of  flowers  for  their  own  support  or  as 
an  assistance  to  their  parents.  Some  of  them 
are  the  children  of  street-sellers,  some  are 
orphans,  and  some  are  the  daughters  of  me- 
chanics who  are  out  of  employment,  and  who 
prefer  any  course  rather  than  an  application  to- 
the  parish.  These  girls  offer  their  flowers  in 
the  principal  streets  at  the  West  End,  and 
resort  greatly  to  the  suburbs ;  there  are  a  few, 
also,  in  the  business  thoroughfares.  They 
walk  up  and  down  in  front  of  the  houses,  offer- 
ing their  flowers  to  any  one  looking  out  of  the 
windows,  or  they  stand  at  any  likely  place. 
They  are  generally  very  persevering,  mon 
cially  the  younger  children,  who  will  run  along, 
barefooted,  with  their  "  Please,  gentleman,  do 
buy  my  flowers.  Poor  little  girl  !'' — "  1 
kind  lady,  buy  my  violets.  O,  do !  please  !  Poor 
little  girl !  Do  buy  a  bunch,  please,  kind  lady !  '* 

The  statement  I  give,  "  of  two  orphan  fbwtr- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


141 


Reilcrs  "  furnishes  another  proof,  in  addition  to 
the  many  I  have  already  given,  of  the  heroic 
struggles  of  the  poor,  and  of  the  truth  of  the 
saying,  "  What  would  the  poor  do  without  the 
poor?" 

The  better  class  of  flower-girls  reside  in 
.-grove,  in  the  streets  off  Drury-lane, 
in  St  Giles's,  and  in  other  parts  inhabited  by 
the  very  poor.  Some  of  them  live  in  lodging- 
houses,  the  stench  and  squalor  of  which  are  in 
remarkable  contrast  to  the  beauty  and  fragrance 
of  the  flowers  they  sometimes  have  to  carry 
thither  with  them  unsold. 

OF  Two  ORPHAN  FLOWER  GIRLS. 
OF  these  girls  the  elder  was  fifteen  and 
the  younger ,  eleven.  Both  were  clad  in  old, 
but  not  torn,  dark  print  frocks,  hanging  so 
closely,  and  yet  so  loosely,  about  them  as  to 
show  the  deficiency  of  under-clothing;  they 
wore  old  broken  black  chip  bonnets.  The  older 
sister  (or  rather  half-sister)  had  a  pair  of  old 
worn-out  shoes  on  her  feet,  the  younger  was 

•  •t,   but   trotted  along,  in  a  gait  at  once 

?uick  and  feeble— as  if  the  soles  of  her  little 
re  impervious,  like  horn,  to  the  rough- 
ness of  the  road.     The  elder  girl  has  a   modest 
~ion  of  countenance,  with  no  pretensions 
to  prettiness  except  in  having   tolerably  good 
Her   complexion   was  somewhat  muddy, 
and    her     features     somewhat    pinched.       The 
younger  child  had  a  round,  chubby,  and  even 
•e,  and  quite  a  healthful  look.     Her  por- 
trait is  here  given. 

They  lived  in  one  of  the  streets  near  Drury- 

inmatcs  of  a  house,  not  let 

out  as  a  lodging-house,   in   separate  beds,  but 

in   roc  'I   by  street-sellers  and 

ibourers.     The  room  they  occupied  was 

large,  and  one  dim  candle  lighted  it  so  insuffi- 

that  it  seemed  to  exaggerate  the  dimen- 

The    walls    were    bare    and   discoloured 

The  furniture  consisted  of  a  crazy 

table  and  a    few  chairs,   and  in  the  centre  of 

the  room  was  an  old  four-post  bedstead  of  the 

larger  bed  was  occupied  nightly  by 

:  other,    a   lad  just 

:   recess  in  a  < 

room  was  the  decency  of  an  old  curtain — 
I  could  hardly  see 
:    this  was,    I    pre- 
iiple.       The 
1  'It.  a  week  for  tin 
i  of   work 

of  washing, 

vhere  such  a  thine  was 
.•I   such    liL  u»b«nd   was 

M  of   my  \ 

seemed    of   a    b«  •  )>y  her 

ince,  and    i 

.y  of  begp 
well  a*  f ro  : 

-Honour's  1  •'»  the 

:  of  you  sir,"  that  I  so  fre- 
<>n  similar  visit*. 


The  elder  girl  said,  in  an  English  accent, 
not  at  all  garrulously,  but  merely  in  answer 
to  my  questions :  "  I  sell  flowers,  sir  ;  we  live 
almost  on  flowers  when  they  are  to  be  got.  I 
sell,  and  so  does  my  sister,  all  kinds,  but  it's 
very  little  use  offering  any  that's  not  sweet. 
I  think  it's  the  sweetness  as  sells  them.  I 
sell  primroses,  when  they're  in,  and  violets,  and 
wall-flowers,  and  stocks,  and  roses  of  different 
sorts,  and  pinks,  and  carnations,  and  mixed 
flowers,  and  lilies  of  the  valley,  and  green 
lavender,  and  mignonette  (but  that  I  do  very 
seldom),  and  violets  again  at  this  time  of  the 
year,  for  we  get  them  both  in  spring  and 
winter."  [They  are  forced  in  hot-houses  for 
winter^sale,  I  may  remark.]  "The  best  sale 
of  all  is,  I  think,  moss-roses,  young  moss-roses. 
We  do  best  of  all  on  them.  Primroses  are 
good,  for  people  say:  'Well,  here's  spring 
again  to  a  certainty.'  Gentlemen  are  our 
best  customers.  I've  heard  that  they  buy 
flowers  to  give  to  the  ladies.  Ladies  have 
sometimes  said :  '  A  penny,  my  poor  girl, 
here's  three-halfpence  for  the  bunch.'  Or 
they've  given  me  the  price  of  two  bunches  for 
one ;  so  have  gentlemen.  I  never  had  a  rude 
word  said  to  me  by  a  gentleman  in  my  life. 
No,  sir,  neither  lady  nor  gentleman  ever  gave 
me  Gd.  for  a  bunch  of  flowers.  I  never  had  a 
sixpence  given  to  me  in  my  life — never.  T 
never  go  among  boys,  I  know  nobody  but 
my  brother.  My  father  was  a  tradesman  in 
Mitchelstown,  in  the  County  Cork.  I  don't 
know  what  sort  of  a  tradesman  he  v, 
never  saw  him.  He  was  a  tradesman  I've 
been  told.  I  was  born  in  London.  Mother 
was  a  chairwoman,  and  lived  very  well, 
of  us  ever  saw  a  father."  [It  was  eviue: 
they  were  illegitimate  children,  but  the  land- 
lady had  never  seen  the  mother,  and  could  give 
me  no  information.]  "  We  don't  know  anything 
about  our  fathers.  We  were  all  'n. 
children.'  Mother  dire 

Guy   Faux    day.      I've  t'.    and    my 

brother  and  sister  a  bit 

never  had   any  help  but  from  the  neighbours. 
I   never  troubled  the    parish.     ( ).  JIM,   -ir.  tin- 
neighbours  is  all   poor  people,  very  poor, 
of  them.      We've    lived   with    her"    (indicating 
her   landlady  by  a  gesture)  "the 
and  off  and  i;it.      I    can't    say   how 

long."     "Well.    I    don't   know    exactly. 

ilady.    "but    I've    had    them    with    me 
.•ill  the  time,  for  tour  years,   as   : 
'<  '        perhaps    i: 

:    7ne." 
•  my  inquiries   the  landlady  . 

;'oor  girl*,  v. 
doors  all   th  had    known    th<  B 

re  always  good    ! 

;     produced    a     1 

•  ry   well.]      "  I    ])iit    myself."    COUl 
the  girl,   "  and   I  put  my  brother  and  sister  to 


142 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


a  Roman  Catholic  school— and  to  Ragged 
schools — but  /  could  read  before  mother  died. 
-My  brother  can  write,  and  I  pray  to  God  that 
he'll  do  well  with  it.  I  buy  my  flowers  at 
Covent  Garden;  sometimes,  but  very  seldom, 
at  Farringdon.  I  pay  Is.  for  a  dozen  bunches, 
whatever  flowers  are  in.  Out  of  every  two 
bunches  I  can  make  three,  at  Id.  a  piece.  Some- 
times one  or  two  over  in  the  dozen,  but  not  so 
often  as  I  would  like.  We  make  the  bunches 
up  ourselves.  We  get  the  rush  to  tie  them 
with  for  nothing.  We  put  their  own  leaves 
round  these  violets  (she  produced  a  bunch). 
The  paper  for  a  dozen  costs  a  penny;  some- 
times only  a  halfpenny.  The  two  of  us  doesn't 
make  less  than  6d.  a  day,  unless  it's  very  ill 
Juck.  But  religion  teaches  us  that  God  will 
support  us,  and  if  we  make  less  we  say  nothing. 
\Vc  do  better  on  oranges  in  March  or  April,  I 
think  it  is,  than  on  flowers.  Oranges  keep  better 
than  flowers  you  see,  sir.  We  make  Is.  a  day, 
.-Mid  !W.  a  day,  on  oranges,  the  two  of  us.  I 
Hey  was  in  all  the  year.  I  generally  go 
•i'"s-wood  way,  and  Hampstead  and  High- 
gate  way  with  my  flowers.  I  can  get  them 
nearly  all  the  year,  but  oranges  is  better  liked 
than  flowers,  I  think.  I  always  keep  1*.  stock- 
money,  if  I  can.  If  it's  bad  weather,  so  bad 
that  we  can't  sell  flowers  at  all,  and  so  if  we've 
had  to  spend  our  stock-money  for  a  bit  of  bread, 
.-:he  (the  landlady)  lends  us  Is.,  if  she  has  one, 
or  she  borrows  one  of  a  neighbour,  if  she 
hasn't,  or  if  the  neighbours  hasn't  it,  she  bor- 
rows it  at  a  dolly-shop "  (the  illegal  pawn- 
shop). "  There's  2d.  a  week  to  pay  for  Is.  at 
a  dolly,  and  perhaps  an  old  rug  left  for  it ;  if 
it's  very  hard  weather,  the  nig  must  be  taken 
at  night  time,  or  we  are  starved  with  the  cold. 
It  sometimes  has  to  be  put  into  the  dolly  again 
next  morning,  and  then  there's  Id.  to  pay  for 
it  for  the  day.  We've  had  a  frock  in  for  6d., 
and  that's  a  penny  a  week,  and  the  same  for  a 
day.  We  never  pawned  anything ;  we  have 
nothing  they  would  take  in  at  the  pawnshop. 
We  live  on  bread  and  tea,  and  sometimes  a 
fresh  herring  of  a  night  Sometimes  we  don't 
eat  a  bit  all  day  when  we're  out;  sometimes 
we  take  a  bit  of  bread  with  us,  or  buy  a  bit. 
My  sister  can't  eat  taturs  ;  they  sicken  her. 
I  don't  know  what  emigrating  means."  [I 
informed  her  and  she  continued]  :  "  No,  sir, 
I  wouldn't  like  to  emigrate  and  leave  brother 
and  sister.  If  they  went  with  me  I  don't 
think  I  should  like  it,  not  among  strangers. 
I  think  our  living  costs  us  2s.  a  week  for  the 
two  of  us ;  the  rest  goes  in  rent.  That's  all 
we  make." 

The'  brother  earned  from  Is.  6d.  to  Is.  a  week, 
with  an  occasional  meal,  as  a  costermonger's 
boy.  Neither  of  them  ever  missed  mass  on  a 
Sunday. 

OP  THE  LIFE  OP  A  FLOWER  GIRL. 
SOME  of  these  girls  are,  as  I  have  stated,  of  an 
immoral  character,  and  some  of  them  are  sent 
out  by  their  parents  to  make  out  a  livelihood 


by  prostitution.  One  of  this  class,  whom  V 
saw,  had  come  out  of  prison  a  short  time  pre- 
viously. She  was  not  nineteen,  and  had  been 
sentenced  about  a  twelvemonth  before  to  three 
months'  imprisonment  with  hard  labour,  "for 
heaving  her  shoe,"  as  she  said,  "  at  the  Lord 
Mayor,  to  get  a  comfortable  lodging,  for  she 
was  tired  of  being  about  the  streets."  After 
this  she  was  locked  up  for  breaking  the  lamps 
in  the  street.  She  alleged  that  her  motive  for 
this  was  a  belief  that  by  committing  some  such 
act  she  might  be  able  to  get  into  an  asylum  for 
females.  She  was  sent  out  into  the  streets  by 
her  father  and  mother,  at  the  age  of  nine,  to 
sell  flowers.  Her  father  used  to  supply  her 
with  the  money  to  buy  the  flowers,  and  she 
used  to  take  the  proceeds  of  the  day's  work 
home  to  her  parents.  She  used  to  be  out 
frequently  till  past  midnight,  and  seldom  or 
never  got  home  before  nine.  She  associated 
only  with  flower-girls  of  loose  character.  The 
result  may  be  imagined.  She  could  not  state 
positively  that  her  parents  were  aware  of  the 
manner  in  which  she  got  the  money  she  took 
home  to  them.  She  supposes  that  they  must  have 
imagined  what  her  practices  were.  He  used  to 
give  her  no  supper  if  she  "  didn't  bring  home 
a  good  bit  of  money."  Her  father  and  mother 
did  little  or  no  work  all  this  while.  They  lived 
on  what  she  brought  home.  At  thirteen  years 
old  she  was  sent  to  prison  (she  stated)  "for 
selling  combs  in  the  street"  (it  was  winter,  and 
there  were  no  flowers  to  be  had).  She  was  in- 
carcerated fourteen  days,  and  when  liberated 
she  returned  to  her  former  practices.  The  very 
night  that  she  came  home  from  gaol  her  father 
sent  her  out  into  the  streets  again.  She  con- 
tinued in  this  state,  her  father  and  mother 
living  upon  her,  until  about  twelve  months  be- 
fore I  received  this  account  from  her,  when  her 
father  turned  her  out  of  his  house,  because  she 
didn't  I- ring  home  money  enough.  She  then 
went  into  Kent,  hop-picking,  and  there  fell  in 
with  a  beggar,  who  accosted  her  while  she  was 
sitting  under  a  tree.  He  said,  "  You  have  got 
a  very  bad  pair  of  shoes  on  ;  come  with  me, 
and  you  shall  have  some  better  ones."  She 
consented,  and  walked  with  him  into  the  village 
close  by,  where  they  stood  out  in  the  middle  of 
the  streets,  and  the  man  began  addressing  the 
people,  "  My  kind  good  Christians,  me  and 
my  poor  wife  here  is  ashamed  to  appear  before 
you  in  the  state  we  are  in."  She  remained 
with  this  person  all  the  winter,  and  travelled 
with  him  through  the  country,  begging.  He 
was  a  beggar  by  trade.  In  the  spring  she 
returned  to  the  flower-selling,  but  scarcely  got 
any  money  either  by  that  or  other  means.  At 
last  she  grew  desperate,  and  wanted  to  get 
back  to  prison.  She  broke  the  lamps  out- 
side the  Mansion-house,  and  was  sentenced 
to  fourteen  days'  imprisonment  She  had 
been  out  of  prison  nearly  three  weeks  when 
I  saw  her,  and  was  in  training  to  go  into  an 
asylum.  She  was  sick  and  tired,  she  said,  of 
her  life. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


143 


OP  THE  STREET  SALE  OF  LAVENDER. 

THE  sale  of  green  lavender  in  the  streets  is 
I  on  by  the  same  class  as  the  sale  of 
flowers,  and  is,  as  often  as  flowers,  used  for 
immoral  purposes,  \vlien  an  evening  or  night 
sale  is  carried  on. 

The  lavender  is  sold  at  the  markets  in 
bundles,  each  containing  a  dozen  branches. 
It  is  sold  principally  to  ladies  in  the  suburbs, 
who  purchase  it  to  deposit  in  drawers  and  ward- 
robes; the  odour  communicated  to  linen  from 
lavender  being,  \  >re  agreeable  and 

more  communicable  than  that  from  any  other 
flower.  Nearly  a  tenth  of  the  market  sale  may 
be  disposed  of  in  this  way.  Some  costers  sell  it 
cheap  to  recommend  themselves  to  ladies  who 
are  customers,  that  they  may  have  the  better 
chance  for  a  continuance  of  those  ladies'  cus- 
tom. 

The  number  of  lavender-sellers  can  hardly  be 
given  as  distinct  from  that  of  flower- sellers,  be- 
cause any  flower-girl  will  sell  lavender,  "  when 
it  is  in  season."  The  season  continues  from  the 
beginning  of  July  to  the  end  of  September.  In 
.ter  months,  generally  after  day- fall,  dried 
lavender  is  offered  for  sale  ;  it  is  bought  at  the 
herb-shops.  There  is,  however,  an  addition  to  the 
number  of  the  flower-girls  of  a  few  old  women, 
perhaps  from  twenty  to  thirty,  who  vary  their 
street-selling  avocations  by  going  from  door  to 
door  in  the  suburbs  with  lavender  for  sale,  but 
do  not  stand  to  offer  it  in  the  street 

The  street- seller's  profit  on  lavender  is  now 
somewhat  more  than  cent  per  cent,  as  the 
bundle,  costing  2JJ.,  brings  when  tied  up  in 
•prigs,  at  least,  6d.  The  profit,  I  am  told,  was, 
six  or  seven  years  ago,  200  per  cent ;  "  but 
people  will  have  better  penn'orths  now."  I 
was  informed,  by  a  person  long  familiar  with  the 
trade  in  flowers,  that,  from  twenty  to  twenty-five 
years  ago,  the  sale  was  the  best.  It  was  a  fash- 
ionable amusement  for  ladies  to  tie  the  sprigs  of 
lavender  together,  compressing  the  stci: 
tightly  with  narrow  ribbon  of  any  favourite 
colour,  the  heads  ;iy  bound,  or 

•Ground;  tl: 
^^HU  for  this    v  lavender   bundle, 

as  complet. . 

in  drawers,  or  behind  books  in  the 
book-case,  so  th 
wa»  diffused   when    the   \>< 
opened. 

CUT  FLOWF.RS. 

• 

the  streets.    T:  •    n  :•,:        OMTf  ':  '-'-n  di  :••.'.•<!  t"r.-i:n 

i  and  market-salesmen, 
seen    how  fully  thesr    r- turns   corrobor 
poor  flow* r 

tile  use  offering  anything  that's  not 

!  lowers, 
s  arc  almost 
•s  abundant  as  in  spring 


Violets 65,280  bunches. 

Wallflowers 115,200 

Lavender 296,640  „ 

Pinks  and  Carnations     .     .  63,3(iO  „ 

Moss  Roses 172,800  „ 

China  ditto 172,800  „ 

Mignonette 86,400  „ 

Lilies  of  the  Valley  .     .     .  1,632  „ 

Stocks    ........  20,4-1  S 

Cut  flowers  sold  yearly  in  the" 
streets 

OF  THE  STREET  SALE  OF  FLOWERS  IN 
POTS,  ROOTS,  ETC. 

THE  "flower-root  sellers" — for  I  heard  them 
so  called  to  distinguish  them  from  the  sellers  of 
"cut  flowers" — are  among  the  best-mannered 
and  the  best-dressed  of  all  the  street-sellers  I 
have  met  with,  but  that  only  as  regards  a  por- 
tion of  them.  Their  superiority  in  this  respect 
may  perhaps  be  in  some  measure  attributable 
to  their  dealing  with  a  better  class  of  customer;; 
— with  persons  who,  whether  poor  or  rich,  exer- 
cise healthful  tastes. 

I  may  mention,  that  I  found  the  street-sellers: 
of  "roots" — always  meaning  thereby  flower- 
roots  in  bloom— more   attached  to  their 
than  others  of  their  class. 

The  roots,  sold  in  the  streets,  are  bought  in 
the  markets  and   at  the   nursery-gardens ;  but 
about  three-fourths  of  those  required   by   the 
better  class  of  street-dealers  are  bought  at  the 
gardens,    as   are    "  cut    flowers"    occasionally. 
Hackney  is  the  suburb  most  resorted  to  by  the 
root-sellers.     The  best  "pitches"   for  the  sale 
of  roots  in  the  street  are  situated  in  tin 
road,  the  City-road,  the  Hampstead-road,    the 
Edgeware-road,  and  places  of  similar  character, 
where   there   is    a    constant  stream  of  passers 
along,  who    are    not  too   much    immersed    in 
business.     Above  three-fourths   of  the  sale   is 
effected  by  itinerant  costermongers.      1 
there  is  one  manifest  reason:  a  flower-p( 
the  delicate  petals  of  its    full-blown  mo- 
perhaps,  suflers  even  from  the  trifling  concus- 
sion in  the  journey  of  an  omnibus,   for  in- 
To  carry   a  heavy   flower-pot,    even  any    short 

for  its  •  >"  to  the   ex; 

generally   j 
the  door  of  the  bi .\ 

were  of  commoner  or  c. 

from  \d.  to  \\d. 
,    polyanl'1 

..lively).  (1. 
and   double,  — and 

candy-tufts,     soul  her: 

(called 

and    daffodils,    (but     daffodils 

season,  such  as  the  snowdrop,  the  emeus,  and 
I  was  told. 


144 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOF 


roses,  and  the  other  plants  I  have  enumerated, 
ire  sold,  for  the  most  part,  not  in  pots,  but  with 
soil  attached  to  the  roots,  so  that  they  may  be 
planted  in  a  garden  (as  they  most  frequently 
are)  or  in  a  pot. 

Towards  the  close  of  May,  in  an  early  season, 
and  in  the  two  following  months,  the  root-trade 
is  at  its  height.  Many  of  the  stalls  and  barrows 
are  then  exceedingly  beautiful,  the  barrow  often 
resembling  a  moving  garden.  The  stall-keepers 
have  sometimes  their  flowers  placed  on  a  series 
of  shelves,  one  above  another,  so  as  to  present 
a  small  amphitheatre  of  beautiful  and  diversi- 
fied hues ;  the  purest  white,  as  in  the  lily  of  the 
valley,  to  the  deepest  crimson,  as  in  the  fuschia ; 
the  bright  or  rust-blotted  yellow  of  the  wall- 
flower, to  the  many  hues  of  the  stock.  Then 
there  are  the  pinks  and  carnations,  double  and 
single,  with  the  rich-coloured  and  heavily 
scented  "  clove- pinks;"  roses,  mignonette,  the 
velvetty  pansies  (or  heart's-ease),  the  white  and 
orange  lilies,  calceolarias,  balsams  (a  flower 
going  out  of  fashion),  geraniums  (flowers  com- 
ing again  into  fashion),  musk-plants,  London 
pride  (and  other  saxifrages  ;  the  species  known, 
oddly  enough,  as  London  pride  being  a  native 
of  wild  and  mountainous  districts,  such  as 
botanists  call  "  Alpine  habitats,")  and  the  many 
coloured  lupins.  Later  again  come  the  China- 
asters,  the  African  marigolds,  the  dahlias,  the 
poppies,  and  the  common  and  very  aromatic 
marigold.  Later  still  there  are  the  Michaelmas 
daisies — the  growth  of  the  "  All-Hallow 'n  sum- 
mer," to  which  FalstafTwas  compared. 

There  is  a  class  of  "roots"  in  which  the 
street-sellers,  on  account  of  their  general  dear- 
ness,  deal  so  sparingly,  that  I  cannot  class 
them  as  a  part  of  the  business.  Among  these 
are  anemones,  hyacinths,  tulips,  ranuncu- 
luses, and  the  orchidaceous  tribe.  Neither  do 
the  street  people  meddle,  unless  very  excep- 
tionally, with  the  taller  and  statelier  plants, 
such  as  foxgloves,  hollyoaks,  and  sunflowers; 
these  are  too  difficult  of  carriage  for  their  pur- 
pose. Nor  do  they  sell,  unless  again  as  an  ex- 
ception, such  flowers  as  require  support — the 
convolvolus  and  the  sweet-pea,  for  instance. 

The  plants  I  have  specified  vary  in  price. 
Geraniums  are  sold  at  from  3d.  to  5s. ;  pinks  at 
from  3d.  for  the  common  pink,  to  2*.  for  the 
best  single  clove,  and  4s.  •  for  the  best  double  ; 
stocks,  as  they  are  small  and  single,  to  their 
being  large  and  double,  from  3d.  (and  some- 
times less)  to  2s. ;  dahlias  from  6d.  to  5s. ; 
fuschias,  from  Gd.  to  4s. ;  rose-bushes  from  3d. 
to  Is.  6d.,  and  sometimes,  but  not  often,  much 
higher ;  musk-plants,  London  pride,  lupins,  &c., 
are  Id.  and  2d.,  pots  generally  included. 

To  carry  on  his  business  efficiently,  the  root- 
seller  mostly  keeps  a  pony  and  a  cart,  to  convey 
his  purchases  from  the  garden  to  his  stall  or  his 
barrow,  and  he  must  have  a  sheltered  and  cool 
shed  in  which  to  deposit  the  flowers  which  are 
to  be  kept  over-night  for  the  morrow's  business. 
"  It's  a  great  bother,  sir,"  said  a  root-seller, 
"  a  man  having  to  provide  a  shed  for  his  roots. 


It  wouldn't  do  at  all  to  have  them  in  the  same 
room  as  we  sleep  in — they'd  droop.  I  have  a 
beautiful  big  shed,  and  a  snug  stall  for  a  donkey 
in  a  corner  of  it ;  but  he  won't  bear  tying  up — 
he'll  fight  against  tying  all  night,  and  if  he  was 
loose,  why  in  course  he'd  eat  the  flowers  I  put 
in  the  shed.  The  price  is  nothing  to  him  ;  he'd 
eat  the  Queen's  camellias,  if  he  could  get  at 
them,  if  they  cost  a  pound  a-piece.  So  I  have 
a  deal  of  trouble,  for  I  must  block  him  up 
somehow;  but  he's  a  first-rate  ass."  To  carry 
on  a  considerable  business,  the  services  of  a 
man  and  his  wife  are  generally  required,  as  well 
as  those  of  a  boy. 

The  purchases  wholesale  are  generally  by  the 
dozen  roots,  all  ready  for  sale  in  pots.  Migno- 
nette, however,  is  grown  in  boxes,  and  sold  by 
the  box  at  from  5s.  to  20s.,  according  to  the  size, 
&CN  The  costermonger  buys,  for  the  large  sale 
to  the  poor,  at  a  rate  which  brings  the  migno- 
nette roots  into  his  possession  at  something  less, 
perhaps,  than  a  halfpenny  each.  He  then  pur- 
chases a  gross  of  small  common  pots,  costing 
him  \\d.  a  dozen,  and  lias  to  transfer  the  roots 
and  soil  to  the  pots,  and  then  offer  them  for  sale. 
The  profit  thus  is  about  4s.  per  hundred,  but 
with  the  drawback  of  considerable  labour  and 
some  cost  in  the  conveyance  of  the  boxes.  The 
same  method  is  sometimes  pursued  with  young 
stocks. 

The  cheapness  of  pots,  I  may  mention  inci- 
dentally, and  the  more  frequent  sale  of  roots 
in  them,  has  almost  entirely  swept  away  the 
fragment  of  a  pitcher  and  "  the  spoutless  tea- 
pot," which  Cowper  mentions  as  containing  the 
poor  man's  flowers,  that  testified  an  inextin- 
guishable love  of  rural  objects,  even  in  the  heart 
of  a  city.  There  are  a  few  such  things,  how- 
ever, to  be  seen  still. 

Of  root-sellers  there  are,  for  six  months  of 
the  year,  about  500  in  London.  Of  these,  one- 
fifth  devote  themselves  principally,  but  none 
entirely,  to  the  sale  of  roots ;  two-fifths  sell 
roots  regularly,  but  only  as  a  portion,  and 
not  a  larger  portion  of  their  business ;  and  the . 
remaining  two-fifths  are  casual  dealers  in 
roots,  buying  them  —  almost  always  in  the 
markets— whenever  a  bargain  offers.  Seven- 
eighths  of  the  root-sellers  are,  I  am  informed, 
regular  costers,  occasionally  a  gardener's  assist- 
ant has  taken  to  the  street  trade  in  flowers, 
"but  I  fancy,  sir,"  said  an  experienced  man 
to  me,  "  they've  very  seldom  done  any  good 
at  it  They're  always  gardening  at  their 
roots,  trimming  them,  and  such  like,  and  they 
overdo  it.  They're  too  careful  of  their  plants  ; 
people  like  to  trim  them  theirselves." 

"  I  did  well  on  fuschias  last  season,"  said 
one  of  my  informants ;  "  I  sold  them  from 
6d.  to  Is.  6d.  The  '  Globes  '  went  off  well. 
Geraniums  was  very  fair.  The  '  Fairy  Queens' 
of  them  sold  faster  than  any,  I  think.  It's 
the  ladies  out  of  town  a  little  way,  and  a 
few  in  town,  that  buy  them,  and  buy  the 
fuschias  too.  They  require  a  good  window. 
The  'Jenny  Linds' — they  was  geraniums  and 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


145 


-- 


No.  10, 


-i  I.I.I.K. 

[from  a  /'hotoym 
[18C4.] 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


147 


.'.ants — didn't  sell  so  well  as  the  Fairy 

S  though  they  was  cheaper.    Good  cloves 

sell  to  the  better  sort  of  houses  ;  so  do 

jns.      Mignonette's  everybody's  money. 

Dahlias  didn't  go  off  so  well.     I  i 

-  at  6rf.  and  Is.,  and  some  1*.  6d.  I  do  a 
goodish  bit  in  giving  flowers  for  old  clothes.  I 
very  seldom  do  it,  but  to  ladies.  I  deal  mostly 
with  them  for  their  husbands'  old  hats,  or  boots, 
or  shoes ;  yes,  sir,  and  their  trowsers  and  waist- 
coats sometimes — very  seldom  their  coats — and 
ladies  boots  and  shoes  too.  There's  one  pleasant 
old  lady,  and  her  two  daughters,  they'll  talk  me 
over  any  day.  I  very  seldom  indeed  trade  for 
ladies'  clothes.  I  have,  though.  Mostly  for 
something  in  the  shawl  way,  or  wraps  of  some 
kind.  Why,  that  lady  I  was  telling  you  of  and 
her  daughters,  got  me  to  take  togs  that  didn't 
bring  :  jst  of  my  roots  and  expenses. 

They  called  them  by  such  fine  names,  that  I 
was  had.  Then  they  was  so  polite ;  '  O,  my 
good  man,'  says  one  of  the  young  daughters,  '  I 
must  have  this  geranium  in  'change.'  It  was  a 
most  big  and  beautiful  Fairy  Queen,  well  worth 
.0  toi: — I  didn't  know  what  they  called 
it— a  sort  of  cloak,  fetched  short  of  half-a-crown, 
and  that  just  with  cheaper  togs.  Some  days,  if 
it's  very  hot,  and  the  stall  business  isn't  good  in 
very  hot  weather,  my  wife  goes  a  round  with  me, 
and  does  considerable  in  swopping  with  ladies. 
They  can't  do  her  as  they  can  me.  The  same 

days,  if  it's  not  very  wet,  when  I 
roots  covered  in  the  cart     Ladies  is  ir. 

and  perhaps  they're  dull,  and 
likes  to  go  to  work  at  a  bargaining.  My  wife 
manages  them.  In  good  we  lear  3/. 

rade;   the  two  of  us  can,  anyhow.      Hut 
ere's  bad  weather,  and  etimes 

roots  spoiled  if  they're  not  cheap,  and  «: 
off— but  I'll  sell  one  that  cost  me  Is.  for  '2ti.  to 
get  rid  of  it;  and  there's  always  the  expenses  to 
meet,  and  the  pony  to  keep,  and  everything  that 
way.  No,  sir,  I  don't  make  21.  a  week  for  the 
five  month™ — its  nearer  five  t .  ••  season 

lasts;  perhaps  something  near  it.    The  re 
ell   fruit,  or  anything,  and  n 
-.  week,  but,  some  weeks,  next  to  nothing, 
and  the  expenses  all  going  on. 

•i.  sir ;   I  can't  say  that  times  is  what 
^^^H|JMs.    Where  I  ma 
SIX  years  hack,  I  make 
use  c  ;   there's  lots  worse  of; 

am — lota.     I've  given  pennies  and 

•  seen  better  days  in  the  Ktt 
might  be  their  own  fault     It  is  so  mas 
perhaps  only  partly.     I  keep  a  connecb'o 
.»  well' as  1 

;  >d  I  go  a  round  a»  wrl 

ipai  root-*  streets 

told  me  that  he  not  un frequently  »< 
a  day,  over  and  above  those  sold  not 
t  had  a  superior  trade, 
•  •  b«  taken  as  an  aver.: 
that  he  averages  six  dozen  A  day  for 
be  sai  ,ows  that  one' man  alone  sells 

8,640  flowers  in  pots  in  the  season. 


cipal  sellers  carry  on  about  the  same  extent  (it 
business. 

According  to  similar  returns,  the  number  of 
he  several  kinds  of  flowers  in  pots  and  flower 
roots  sold  annually  in  the  London  streets,  are 
as  follows  : 

FLOWERS    IX    POTS. 

Moss-roses SR,880 

China-roses      ....  58,880 
Fuschias      .... 

Geraniums 1 


Total  number  of  flowers  in)  ,  0~  ~rn 
pots  sold  in  the  streets.)  *' 

FLOWER-ROOTS. 

Primroses 21,000 

Polyanthuses    .     .     .     .  3 

Cowslips 28,800 

Daisies 33,600 

Wallflowers 46,080 

Candytufts 28,800 

Daffodils 28,800 

Violets 38,400 

Mignonette .'J0.384 

Stocks     

Pinks  and  Carnations     .  19,200 

Lilies  of  the  Valley  .     .  3,456 

Pansics 1 

Lilies 660 

Tulips 852 

ims 

olarias      ....  3,180 
Musk  Plant?     .     .     . 

London  Pride  ....  11,520 

Lupins 

China  asters     .... 

Marigolds (J3,360 

Dahlias 852 

Heliotrope 13,356 

Poppies l.'i-JO 

Michaelmas  Daisies  .     .  (J.JH2 

Total  number  wf  flower-  )-- 

roots  sold,: 
OF  TIII:  U.E  OP  SEEDS. 

-ale    of  seeds,    I    am    informed,   is 
smaller  than  it  was  thirty,  or  • 

reason  assigned   lor   this    I'... 
is   the 

1  was  informed,  the  poorer  classes 
who  wt 
own  in  [  told  one  of  my  informants 

ots  of 

t    of    don!'' 

lit    about    ';• 

heard  <  •  a  man 

who  set  on    t  tO  help   hii; 

just  where  it  is.     When  a  po<  >  poor 

riling 

em  in  a  box  or  a  pot  and  wait  for  them 
>low.  Selling  seeds  in  the 
ic  so  Any- 


148 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


how  it  ain't  done  as  it  was,  as  I've  often  heard 
old  folk  say."  The  reason  assigned  for  this 
is  that  cottages  in  many  parts — such  places 
as  Lisson-grove,  Islington,  Hoxton,  Hackney, 
or  Stepney— where  the  inhabitants  formerly 
cultivated  flowers  in  their  little  gardens,  are 
now  let  out  in  single  apartments,  and  the 
gardens — or  yards  as  they  mostly  are  now — 
were  used  merely  to  hang  clothes  in.  The 
only  green  thing  which  remained  in  some  of 
these  gardens,  I  was  told,  was  horse-radish,  a 
root  which  it  is  difficult  to  extirpate  :  "  And 
it's  just  the  sort  of  thing,"  said  one  man, 
"that  poor  people  hasn't  no  great  call  for, 
because  they,  you  see,  a' n't  not  overdone  with 
joints  of  roast  beef,  nor  rump  steaks."  In  the 
suburbs  where  the  small  gardens  are  planted 
with  flowers,  the  cultivators  rarely  buy  seeds 
of  the  street- sellers,  whose  stands  are  mostly 
at  a  distance. 

None  of  the  street  seed- vendors  confine  them- 
selves to  the  sale.  One  man,  whom  I  saw,  told 
me  that  last  spring  he  was  penniless,  after 
sickness,  and  a  nurseryman,  whom  he  knew, 
trusted  him  5s.  worth  of  seeds,  which  he  con- 
tinued to  sell,  trading  in  nothing  else,  for  three 
or  four  weeks,  until  he  was  able  to  buy  some 
flowers  in  pots.  Though  the  profit  is  cent,  per 
cent,  on  most  kinds,  Is.  Gil.  a.  day  is  accounted 
"  good  earnings,  on  seeds."  On  wet  days  there 
is  no  sale,  and,  indeed,  the  seeds  cannot  be  ex- 
posed in  the  streets.  My  informant  computed 
that  he  cleared  5s.  a  week.  His  customers 
were  principally  poor  women,  who  liked  to  sow 
mignonette  in  boxes,  or  in  a  garden-border,  "  if 
it  had  ever  such  a  little  bit  of  sun,"  and  who 
resided,  he  believed,  in  small,  quiet  streets, 
branching  off  from  the  thoroughfares.  Of  flower- 
seeds,  the  street-sellers  dispose  most  largely 
of  mignonette,  nasturtium,  and  the  various 
stocks ;  and  of  herbs,  the  most  is  done  in 
parsley.  One  of  my  informants,  however,  "  did 
best  in  grass-seeds,"  which  people  bought,  he 
said,  "to  mend  their  grass-plots  with,"  sowing 
them  in  any  bare  place,  and  throwing  soil 
loosely  over  them.  Lupin,  larkspur,  convol- 
vulus, and  Venus' s  looking-glass  had  a  fair  sale. 

The  street-trade,  in  seeds,  would  be  less  than 
it  is,  were  it  not  that  the  dealers  sell  it  in 
smaller  quantities  than  the  better  class  of  shop- 
keepers. The  street-traders  buy  their  seeds  by 
the  quarter  of  a  pound — or  any  quantity  not 
considered  retail — of  the  nurserymen,  who  often 
write  the  names  for  the  costers  on  the  paper  in 
which  the  seed  has  to  be  inclosed.  Seed  that  costs 
4«f.,  the  street-seller  makes  into  eight  penny 
lots.  "  Why,  yes,  sir,"  said  one  man,  in  answer 
to  my  inquiry,  "  people  is  often  afraid  that  our 
seeds  ain't  honest.  If  they're  not,  they're 
mixed,  or  they're  bad,  before  they  come  into  our 
hands.  I  don't  think  any  of  our  chaps  does 
anything  with  them." 

Fourteen  or  fifteen  years  ago,  although  seeds, 
generally,  were  fifteen  to  twenty  per  cent,  dearer 
than  they  are  now,  there  was  twice  the  demand 
ior  them.  An  average  price  of  good  mignonette 


seed,  he  said,  was  now  Is.  the  quarter  of  a  poun-i, 
and  it  was  then  Is.  2d.  to  Is.  Gd.  The  shilling's 
worth,  is  made,  by  the  street-seller,  into  twenty 
or  twenty-four  pennyworths.  An  average  price 
of  parsley,  and  of  the  cheaper  seeds,  is  less  than 
half  that  of  mignonette.  Other  seeds,  again,  are 
not  sold  to  the  street-people  by  the  weight,  but 
are  made  up  in  sixpenny  and  shilling  packages. 
Their  extreme  lightness  prevents  their  being 
weighed  to  a  customer.  Of  this  class  are,  the 
African  marigold,  the  senecios  (groundsel),  and 
the  china-aster  ;  but  of  these  compound  flowers, 
the  street-traders  sell  very  few.  Poppy-seed  used 
to  be  in  great  demand  among  the  street-buyers, 
but  it  has  ceased  to  be  so.  "  It's  a  fine  hardy 
plant,  too,  sir,"  I  was  told,  "but  somehow,  for 
all  its  variety  in  colours,  it's  gone  out  of  fashion, 
for  fashion  runs  strong  in  flowers." 

One  long- established  street-seller,  who  is  well 
known  to  supply  the  best  seeds,  makes  for 
the  five  weeks  or  so  of  the  season  more 
than  twice  the  weekly  average  of  5s. ;  perhaps 
1  "2s.;  but  as  he  is  a  shop  as  well  as  a  stall-keeper, 
he  could  not  speak  very  precisely  as  to  the 
proportionate  sale  in  the  street  or  the  shop. 
This  man  laughed  at  the  fondness  some  of  his 
customers  manifested  for  "fine  Latin  names." 
"  There  are  some  people,"  he  said,  "  who  will 
buy  antirrhinum,  and  artemisia,  and  digitalis, 
and  wouldn't  hear  of  snapdragon,  or  worm- 
wood, or  foxglove,  though  they're  the  identical 
plants."  The  same  informant  told  me  that 
the  railways  in  their  approaches  to  the  metro- 
polis had  destroyed  many  small  gardens,  and 
had,  he  thought,  injured  his  trade.  It  was, 
also,  a  common  thing  now  for  the  greengrocers 
and  corn-chandlers  to  sell  garden-seeds,  which 
until  these  six  or  eight  years  they  did  much  less 
extensively. 

Last  spring,  I  was  told,  there  were  not  more 
than  four  persons,  in  London,  selling  only  seeds. 
The  "  root- sellers,"  of  whom  I  have  treated, 
generally  deal  in  seeds  also,  but  the  demand 
does  not  extend  beyond  four  or  five  weeks  in  the 
spring,  though  there  was  "  a  straggling  trade  that 
way  "  two  or  three  weeks  longer.  It  was  com- 
puted for  me,  that  there  were  fully  one  hundred 
persons  selling  seeds  (with  other  things)  in  the 
streets,  and  that  each  might  average  a  profit  of 
5s.  weekly,  for  a  month  ;  giving  2007.  expended 
in  seeds,  with  100/.  profit  to  the  costers.  Seeds 
are  rarely  hawked  as  flowers  are. 

It  is  impossible  to  give  as  minutely  detailed 
an  account  of  the  street-sale  of  seeds  as  of  flow- 
ers, as  from  their  diversity  in  size,  weight, 
quantity  in  a  pennyworth,  &c.,  no  calculation 
can  be  prepared  by  weight  or  measure,  only  by 
value.  Thus,  I  find  it  necessary  to  depart  some- 
what from  the  order  hitherto  observed.  One 
seedsman,  acquainted  with  the  street-trade  from 
his  dealings  with  the  vendors,  was  of  opinion 
that  the  following  list  and  proportions  were  as 
nice  an  approximation  as  could  be  arrived  at. 
It  was  found  necessary  to  give  it  in  proportions 
of  twenty-fifths ;  but  it  must  be  borne  in  mind 
that  the  quantity  in  T^ths  of  parsley,  for  exam- 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  .-L\D  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


149 


pie,  is  more  than  double  that  of  5V^S  °^  m'gnon- 
B,  in  unison,  seeds  of  about  equal 
sale,  whether  of  the  same  botanical  family  or 
not  Many  of  the  most  popular  flowers,  such 
as  polyanthuses,  daisies,  violets,  and  primroses, 
are  not  raised  from  M-ed,  except  in  the  nursery 
garde:. 

Twer/y  f;fths.  Value. 

.     .      .      Three     ....     £24 

(of  all  kinds)      Two 1(J 

Marigolds     (do.)  .     .     One 8 

vulus  (do.) 8 

Wallflower  .  , 8 


Scarlet-beans    and      "^ 

Sweet-peas    .     .      j      " 
China-asters  and 

mis'  looking-glass  J      " 
Lupin  and  Larkspur        „ 

Nasturtium 

Parsley Two  . 

Other  "Pot- herbs   .     .     One  . 
Mustard    and    Cr 

Lettuce,    and    the  V  Two  . 

other  vegetables     .  J 

Grass One  . 

Other  seeds      .     .     .     Seven 


Total  expended  annually  on  street- seeds  .  £200 

OP  ClIRISTMASING — LAUREL,  IVY,  HOLLY, 

AND  MISTLETOE. 

ndon   a   large    trade   is   carried    on    in 
44  Christmasing,"  or  in  the  sale  of  holly  and  mis- 
tletoe,   for    Christmas    sports   and    decorations. 
I  have  appended  a  table  of  the  quantity  of  these 
"branches"  sold,  nearly  250,000,  and  of  the 
•money   expended    upon    them   in    the    streets, 
borne  in  mind,  to  account  for  this 
for  a  brief  season,  that  almost  every 
housekeeper  will  expend  something  in  "  Christ- 
masing ;"  from  Id.  to  Is.  1'nL,  and  the  poor  buy  a 
orth,  or  a  halfpennyworth  each,  and  they 
are  the  co—  ners.      In   some   houses. 

which  are  let  off  in   rooms,  floor*,  or   suites  of 
and  not  to  the  poorest 

thfl  cheery  decoration  of  holly, 

n  fire  or  candle.     "  Then, 
to  me,  "  what's  s; 

,  pro- 
s  St.  Paul's,  I  say  jn 

• 
be  no 

• 
of  300,000  inhabited  houses.  of  the 

.lly   decor, i 

• 
an  assembly-room,  a  c< 

to  be    ado; 
Apartmuita,  20j.  worth  of  holly,  \c.,  was  a  not 


uncommon  outlay.  "  Well,  then,  consider," 
said  another  informant,  "  the  plum-puddings ! 
"Why,  at  least  there's  a  hundred  thousand  of  'em 
eaten,  in  London,  through  the  Christmas  and 
the  month  following.  That's  nearly  one  pud- 
ding to  every  twenty  of  the  population,  is  it, 
sir  ?  Well,  perhaps,  that's  too  much.  But, 
then,  there's  the  great  numbers  eaten  at 
public  dinners  and  suppers;  and  there's  more 
plum-pudding  clubs  at  the  small  grocers  and 
public- houses  than  there  used  to  be,  so,  say 
full  a  hundred  thousand,  Hinging  in  any 
mince-pies  that  may  be  decorated  with  ever- 
greens. Well,  sir,  every  plum-pudding  will 
have  a  sprig  of  holly  in  him.  If  it's  bought 
just  for  the  occasion,  it  may  cost  Id.,  to  be 
really  prime  and  nicely  berried.  If  it's  part 
of  a  lot,  why  it  won't  cost  a  halfpenny,  so 
reckon  it  all  at  a  halfpenny.  What  does  that 
come  to  ?  Above  200/.  Think  of  that,  then, 
just  for  sprigging  puddings  !  " 

Mistletoe,  I  am  informed,  is  in  somewhat  less 
demand  than  it  was,  though  there  might  be  no 
very  perceptible  difference.  In  many  houses  holly 
is  now  used  instead  of  the  true  plant,  for  the 
ancient  ceremonies  and  privileges  observed 
"  under  the  mistletoe  bough."  The  holly  is 
not  half  the  price  of  the  mistletoe,  which  is  one 
reason  ;  for,  though  there  is  not  any  great  dis- 
parity of  price,  wholesale,  the  holly,  which 
costs  6d.  retail,  is  more  than  the  quantity  of 
mistletoe  retailed  for  Is.  The  holly-tree  may 
be  grown  in  any  hedge,  and  ivy  may  be  reared 
against  any  wall  ;  while  the  mistletoe  is  para- 
sitical of  the  apple-tree,  and,  but  not  to  half  the 
extent,  of  the  oak  and  other  trees.  It  does  not 
grow  in  the  northern  counties  of  England.  The 
purchasers  of  the  mistletoe  are,  for  the  most 
part,  the  wealthier  classes,  or,  at  any  rate,  I  was 
told,  "  those  who  give  parties."  It  is  bought, 
too,  by  the  male  servants  in  ihlisli- 

ments,  and  more  would  be  so  bought.  "  only  so 
few  of  the  great  people,  of  the  most  fashi'»iable- 
squares  and  place-,  keep  their  Christmas  in 
town.''  Ilalf-a-crown  is  a  not  uncommon 
price  for  a  handsome  mistletoe  hough. 

The   <      '    •  :y   about   a   half  « 

holly,  ivc.,    brought   to  the  markets;   it    : 

Of  to  g:  r<  rs  who   It  . 

for  it  from  their  customers,  or  who 
know-  it  will  I  : ling's  worth  may 

.•lit  in  the  market,  the   bundles  being   di- 
',eloc,    the    costers  —  those     i 
11  the  suburbs—  n 

r  to  me.  "  I 

•-girl,  and  shewtnn't  such  a 
girl  i-it:.  -ular  flutter, 

to  tell  i  v  had  forgo:  .'.oiih 

Oli, 

yet,  «ir,  if  i'  by,  or  iii  1  •-. 

ing  at?'    they'll    mostly  say:  'Me!    I'i 

nnongers   go   into   the  neighbour- 


150 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


hood  of  London  to  procure  the  holly  for  street- 
sale.  This  is  chiefly  done,  I  was  told,  by 
those  who  were  "  cracked  up,"  and  some  of 
them  laboured  at  it  "  days  and  days."  It  is, 
however,  a  very  uncertain  trade,  as  they  must 
generally  trespass,  and  if  they  are  caught 
trespassing,  by  the  occupier  of  the  land,  or 
any  of  his  servants,  they  are  seldom  "  given  in 
charge,"  but  their  stock  of  evergreens  is  not 
^infrequently  taken  from  them,  "  and  that,  sir, 
that's  the  cuttingest  of  all."  They  do  not 
so  freely  venture  upon  the  gathering  of  mistle- 
toe, for  to  procure  it  they  must  trespass  in 
orchards,  which  is  somewhat  dangerous  work, 
and  they  are  in  constant  apprehension  of  traps, 
spring-guns,  and  bull-dogs.  Six  or  seven  hun- 
dred men  or  lads,  the  lads  being  the  most 
numerous,  are  thus  employed  for  a  week  or 
two  before  Christmas,  and,  perhaps,  half  that 
number,  irregularly  at  intervals,  for  a  week  or 
two  after  it.  Some  of  the  lads  are  not  known 
as  regular  coster-lads,  but  they  are  ftabitues  of 
in  some  capacity.  To  procure  as 
much  holly  one  day,  as  will  sell  for  '2s.  6V/.  the 
next,  is  accounted  pretty  good  work,  and  7.v.  6r/. 
would  be  thus  realised  in  six  days.  But  j.v.  is 
more  frequently  the  return  of  six  days'  labour 
and  sale,  ti;  lew  have  cleared  10s., 

and  (i:  '  v.-ith  uncommon  luck,"   once 

cleared  20.?.  in  six  days.  The  distance  tra- 
velled in  a  short  winter's  day,  is  sometimes 
twenty  miles,  and,  perhaps,  the  lad  or  man  has 
not  broken  his  fast,  on  some  days,  until  the 
evening,  or  even  the  next  morning,  for  had  he 
possessed  a  few  pence  he  would  probably  have 
invested  it  in  oranges  or  nuts,  for  street- sale, 
rather  than  "  go  a-gathering  Christmas." 

One  strong-looking  lad,  of  16  or  17,  gave  me 
the  following  account :  — 

"  It 's  hard  work,  is  Christmasing  ;  but,  when 
you  have  neither  money  nor  work,  you  must  do 
something,  and  so  the  holly  may  come  in 
handy.  I  live  with  a  elder  brother ;  he  helps 
the  masons,  and  as  we  had  neither  of  us  either 
•work  or  money,  he  cut  off  Tottenham  and  Ed- 
monton way,  and  me  the  t'other  side  of  the 
•water,  Mortlake  way,  as  well  as  I  know.  We'd 
both  been  used  to  fostering,  off  and  on.  I  was 
out,  I  think,  ten  days  altogether,  and  didn't 
make  6s.  in  it.  I'd  been  out  two  Christmases 
before.  O,  yes,  I'd  forgot.  I  made  6d.  over 
the  6s.,  for  I  had  half  a  pork-pie  and  a  pint  of 
beer,  and  the  landlord  took  it  out  in  holly.  I 
meant  to  have  made  a  quarter  of  pork  do,  but 
I  was  so  hungry — and  so  would  you,  sir,  if  you'd 
been  out  a- Christmasing — that  I  had  the  t'other 

?uarter.  It's  Id.  a  quarter.  I  did  better  when 
was  out  afore,  but  I  forget  what  I  made. 
It's  often  slow  work,  for  you  must  wait  some- 
times 'till  no  one's  looking,  and  then  you  must 
work  away  like  anything.  I'd  nothing  but  a 
sharp  knife,  I  borrowed,  and  some  bits  of  cord 
to  tie  the  holly  up.  You  must  look  out  sharp, 
because,  you  see,  sir,  a  man  very  likely  won't 
like  his  holly-tree  to  be  stripped.  Wherever 
there  is  a  berry,  we  goes  for  the  berries. 


They're  poison  berries,  I've  heard.  Moon- 
light nights  is  the  thing,  sir,  when  you  knows 
where  you  are.  I  never  goes  for  mizzletoe. 
I  hardly  knows  it  when  I  sees  it.  The  first 
time  I  was  out,  a  man  got  me  to  go  for  some  in 
a  orchard,  and  told  me  how  to  manage  ;  but  I 
cut  my  lucky  in  a  minute.  Something  came 
over  me  like.  I  felt  sickish.  But  what  can  a 
poor  fellow  do?  I  never  lost  my  Christmas, 
but  a  little  bit  of  it  once.  Two  men  took  it 
from  me,  and  said  I  ought  to  thank  them 
for  letting  me  of!' without  a  jolly  good  jacket- 
ing, as  they  was  gardeners.  I  believes  they  was 
men  out  a-Christmasing,  as  I  wore.  It  was  ;i 
dreadful  cold  time  that;  and  I  was  wet,  and 
hungry,  — and  thirsty,  too,  for  all  I  was  so  wet, — 
and  I'd  to  wait  a-watchiug  in  the  wet.  I've 
got  something  better  to  do  now,  and  I'll 
go  a-Christmasing  again,  if  I  can  help  it." 

This  lad  contrived  to  get  back  to  his  1.. 
in    town,    every    night,  but  some  of  those  out 
Christmasing,  stay  two  or  three  days  and  nights 
in    the  country,  sleeping  in   barns,  out-houses, 
carts,   or  under    hay-stacks,  inclement    as    the 

•  m:;y  he,   when    their  funds  are  i. 
cient  to  defray  the  charge  of  a  lied,   or  a  p;irt  of 
one,  at  a  country  "  dossing-crib  "  (low  h,< 
house).     They  resorted,  in   considerable    num- 
bers,  to  the  casual  wards  of  the  workhou- 
Croydon,   Greenwich,   lleigate,    Dartfon: 
when   that  accommodation  was   allbrded  them, 
concealing  their  holly  for  the  night. 

As  in  other  matters,  it  may  be  a  surprise  to 
some  of  my  readers  to  learn   in  what  v>. 
evergreens,  used  on   festive  occasions  in  their 
homes,  may  have  been  procured. 

The  costcrmongers  who  procure  their  own 
Christmasing,  generally  hawk  it.  A  few  sell  it 
by  the  lot  to  their  more  prosperous  brethren. 
What  the  costers  purchase  in  the  market,  they 
aim  to  sell  at  cent,  per  cent. 

Supposing  that  700  men  and  lads  gathered 
their  own  holly,  &c.,  and  each  worked  for  three 
weeks  (not  regarding  interruptions),  and  calcu- 
lating that,  in  the  time  they  cleared  even  15,?. 
each,  it  amounts  to  o70/. 

Some  of  the  costermongers  deck  their  carts 
and  barrows,  in  the  general  line,  with  holly  at 
Christinas.  Some  go  out  with  their  carts  full 
of  holly,  for  sale,  and  may  be  accompanied  by 
a  fiddler,  or  by  a  person  beating  a  drum.  The 
cry  is,  "  Holly  !  Green  Holly  !" 

One  of  my  informants  alluded  incidentally  to 
the  decoration  of  the  churches,  and  I  may  ob- 
serve that  they  used  to  be  far  more  profusely 
decked  with  Christmas  evergreens  than  at  pre- 
sent ;  so  much  so,  that  a  lady  correspondent  in 
January,  1712,  complained  to  ''  Mr.  Spectator" 
that  her  church-going  was  bootless.  She  was 
constant  at  church,  to  hear  divine  service  and 
make  conquests  ;  but  the  clerk  had  so  overdone 
the  greens  in  the  church  that,  for  three  weeks. 
Miss  Jenny  Simper  had  not  even  seen  the  young 
baronet,  whom  she  dressed  at  for  diviiu 
ship,  although  he  pursued  his  devotions  only 
three  pews  from  hers.  The  aisle 


LONDON  LABOUR  JND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


151 


shady  walk,  and  each  pew  was  an  arbour.  The 
pulpit  was  so  clustered  with  holly  and  ivy  that 
the  congregation,  like  Moses,  heard  the  word  out 
of  a  bush.  "  Sir  Anthony  Love's  pew  in  particu- 
lar," concludes  the  indignant  Miss  Simper,  "is 
so  well  hedged,  that  all  my  batteries  have  no 
effect.  I  am  obliged  to  shoot  at  random  among 
the  boughs  without  taking  any  manner  of  aim. 
Mr.  Spectator,  unless  you'll  give  orders  for  re- 
moving these  greens,  I  shall  grow  a  very  awk- 
ward creature  at  church,  and  soon  have  little 
else  to  do  there  but  to  say  my  prayers."  In  a 
subsequent  number,  the  clerk  glorifies  himself 
that  he  had  checked  the  ogling  of  Miss  Simper. 
He  had  heard  how  the  Kentish  men  evaded 
the  Conqueror  by  displaying  green  boughs  be- 
fore them,  and  so  he  bethought  him  of  a  like 
device  against  the  love-warfare  of  this  coquettish 

Of  all  the  "branches"  in  the  markets,  the 
costers  buy  one-half.  This  season,  holly  has 
been  cheaper  than  was  ever  known  previously. 
In  some  years,  its  price  was  double  that  cited,  in 
some  treble,  when  the  December  was  very  frosty. 

OF  THE  SALE  OF  MAY,  PALM,  ETC. 
THE  sale  of  the  May,  the  fragrant  flower  of  the 
hawthorn,  a  tree  indigenous  to  this  country — 

•  orth  mentions  one  which  must  have 
been  800  years  old — is  carried  on  by  the  coster 
boys  (principally),  but  only  in  a  desultory  way. 
The  chief  supply  is  brought  to  London  in  the 
carts  or  barrows  of  the  costers  returning  from  a 
country  expedition.  If  the  cobtennonger  be 
accompanied  by  a  lad — as  he  always  is  if  the 

::on  be  of  any  length — the  lad  will  say 
to  his  master,  "Bill,  let's  have  some  May  to 
take  back."  The  man  will  almost  always  con- 

•.d  often  assist  in  procuring  the  thickly 

'.ih  their  white  or  rose-tinted, 

and/n  The  odour  of  the 

rn  blossom  is  peculiar,  and  some  emi- 
nent botanist — Dr.  Withering  it'  I  remember 
rightly  —  says  it  may  described  as 

.''     No  flower,  perhaps,  is  blended  with 
more  poetical,  antiquarian,   and  beautiful 
ciations  than  the  ever-welcome  blossom  of  the 

.ce.      One  gardener  told  me  that  as  the 
hawthorn  was  in  perfection  in  Ju: 
May,  the  name  was  not  proper.     But  it  must 
be   remembered   that  the  name  of  the 
was  given  < 

our  present  month    ol  vs    into 

Jane,  and  the  name  would 

May  is  obtained  by  the  costcrmongers  in 
toe  tame  way  as  •  y  cutting 

the  trees  in  the  hedge*,    "it  has  someti 

•ken  off  stealthily,  for  persoi. 
no  more  like  their  hawthorns   to   be 

.Hies,  and  an  ingenuous  lad— as  will 
bare  been  obtcrvcd— told    nt'-  of  "  p<-<,; 

holly- bushes.     But  there  is  not  a  < 


The  costermonger,  if  he  has  "  done  tidy  '* 
in  the  country  will  very  probably  leave  the 
May  at  the  disposal  of  his  boy  ;  but  a  few  men, 
though  perhaps  little  more  than  twenty,  I  was 
told,  bring  it  on  their  own  account.  The  lads 
then  carry  the  branches  about  for  sale  ;  or  if  a 
considerable  quantity  has  been  brought,  dispose 
of  it  to  other  boys  or  girls,  or  entrust  them  with 
the  sale  of  it,  at  "  half-profits,"  or  any  terms 
agreed  upon.  Costermongers  have  been  known 
to  bring  home  "a  load  of  May,"  and  this  not 
unfrequently,  at  the  request,  and  for  the  benefit 
of  a  ''  cracked-up"  brother-trader,  to  whom  it 
has  been  at  once  delivered  gratuitously. 

A  lad,  whom  I  met  with  as  he  was  selling 
holly,  told  me  that  he  had  brought  may  from 
the  country  when  he  had  been  there  with  a 
coster.  He  had  also  gone  out  of  town  a  few 
miles  to  gather  it  on  his  own  account. 
"  But  it  ain't  no  good;"  he  said;  "you  must 
often  go  a  good  way — I  never  knows  an;. 
about  how  many  miles — and  if  it's  very  ripe 
(the  word  he  used)  it's  soon  shaken.  There's 
no  sure  price.  You  may  get  4rf.  for  a  big 
branch  or  you  must  take  Id.  I  may  ha\\- 
made  Is.  on  a  round  but  hardly  ever  more. 
It  can't  be  got  near  hand.  There  's  some  stun- 
ning fine  trees  at  the  top  of  the  park  there  (the 
Regent's  Park)  the  t'other  side  of  the  'i 
Gardens,  but  there's  always  a  cove  looking 
after  them,  they  say,  and  both  night  and 

Palm,  the  flower  of  any  of  the  numerous 
species  of  the  willow,  is  sold  only  on  Palm 
Sunday,  and  the  Saturday  preceding.  The 
trade  is  about  equally  in  the  hands  of  the 
English  and  Irish  lads,  but  the  English  lads 
have  a  commercial  advantage  on  the  morning 
of  Palm  Sunday,  when  so  many  of  the  Irish 
lads  are  at  chapel.  The  palm  is  all  gathered 
by  the  street-vendors.  One  costermonger  told 
me  that  when  he  was  a  lad,  he  had  sold  palm 
to  a  man  who  had  managed  to  get  half-drunk 
on  a  Sunday  morning,  and  who  told  hi< 
he  wanted  it  to  show  his  wife,  who  very  seldom 
stirred  out,  that  he'd  been  taking  a  healthful 
walk  into  the  country  ! 

Lilac  in  flower  is   sold  (and  procured)  in  the 

Very    r  I,   laburnum  ;    which    is   too 

.  \shieh,  1  am  told,  is  hardly 
One  infonn::nt   i 
en  he  wa- 
branch' 

,  but  the  I:  r.-d. 

•:lt    to    lonn    ;i    ralenl.: 

believe-    th. 

1     '  ' 

accord 

' 

show  the  quantity  of  branches  forming 

..da: — 


152 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Holly     ....     59,040  bunches 

Mistletoe         .         .         .     56,160 
Ivy  and  Laurel        .         .     26,640 
Lilac                                  •       5  400        „ 

BRANCHES. 
Bunches  of                                           per  bunch 
59  040  Holly        at  3d.  •  £73S 

56,160  Mistletoe  „   3d.     .    702 

Palm      ....       1,008 
May       ....       2,520 

26,640  Ivy  and  Laurel  .     .     .     „   3d.     .    333 
5,400  Lilac    „    3d.     .      67 
1,008  Palm    „    3d.     .      12 

Total  number  of  bunches  "| 
sold  in  the  streets  from  \  150,000 
market-sale         .         .  ) 
Add    to    quantity   from\    „£  QQQ 
other  sources      .         .  /    ' 

2,520  May     „    3d.     .      31 

Total  annually  from  Markets    .     .  £  1,1s  3 
Ai'd  one-half  as  shown    ....         591 

£2,774 

TREES    AND    SHRUBS. 

each  root 
9  576  Firs  (roots)      at  3d                     .     £119 

225,768 
The  quantity  of  branches  "  from  other  sources" 
is  that  gathered  by  the  costers  in  the  way  I  have 
described  ;  but  it  is  impossible  to  obtain  a  return 
of  it  with  proper  precision  :  to  state  it  as  half  of 
that  purchased  in  the  markets  is  a  low  average. 
I  now  give  the  amount  paid  by  street-buyers 
who  indulge  in  the  healthful  and  innocent  tastes 
of  which  I  have  been  treating  —  the  fondness  for 
the  beautiful  and  the  natural. 

CUT    FLOWERS. 
Bunches  of                                      per  bunch 
65,280  Violets      ....     at  Jrf.     .      .tl::U 
115200  Wallflowers  .     .     .      „    *//.     . 

1,152  Laurels   .     .     „  3d.     14 
23,040  Mvrtles        .     '„   -\d  384 
2,160  Rhododendrons     !W  81 
2  304  Lilacs                     -\-d 

2  880  Box                        9</                               2  1 

2l's88  Heaths                    4d                              3<>4 

2*880  Broom     .     .     '     Id  12 

6,912  Furze      .     .     „    Id  28 
6  480  Laurustinus          Sd           .          .        'M(J 

25,920  Southernwood  „   Id  108 
Total  annually  spent    ....       £1,388 

FLOWERS    IN"    TOTS, 
per  pot 
38,880  Moss  Roses  ....     at  4<Y.      £648 
38,880  China  ditto    ,    'Id.     .    324 
38,800  Fuschias  ,,    2d.     .    485 

86400  Mignonette                         Id              o(J() 

1,632  Lilies  of  the  Valley     „    M.     .            3 
20.118  Stocks       .     .     .     .     „    ltd.     .           42 
316,800  Pinks  and  Carnations  „    Id.  each 
864  000  Moss  Roses  .     .     .     „    |4     „    1,800 

864,000  China  ditto   .     .     .     „    \d.     „ 
296,640  Lavender      .     .     .     „    Id.     . 

Total  annually     ....  £6,277 

FLOWER    ROOTS, 
per  root 
24,000  Primroses      ....     at  $d.     .  £50 
34,560  Polyanthuses      .     .     .     „    Id.     .    Ill 
28,800  Cowslips   „    Jrf.     .      50 

raniums   and    Pelargo-  „  ,          9in 
niums  (of  all  kinds)    .     .     .    . 

Total  annually  £1,667 

The   returns   give   the    following    aggregate 
amount  of  street  expenditure  :  — 

Trees  and  shrubs  1,388 

33,600  Daisies      „    Id.     .    140 

46  080  Wallflowers                              Id          192 

Cut  Fowers  (j  277 

28  800  Daffodils                                   \d            60 

38  400  Violets                                     \d           80 

Flower  roots     2,867 

30,380  Mignonette    ....,,    Jrf.     .      63 

Branches      2,774 
Seeds  200 

19,200  Pinks  and  Carnations       „    2d.     .    160 
3,456  Lilies  of  the  Valley     .     „    Id.     .      14 
12,960  Pansies     Id.     .      54 
660  Lilies                                      Id     .        5 

£15,173    i 
From   the    returns   we    find   that    of    "  cut    j 
flowers"    the    roses   retain    their  old    English 
favouritism,    no    fewer   than     1,628,000    being 
annually  sold  in  the  streets  ;  but  locality  affects 
the  sale,  as  some  dealers  dispose  of  more  violets 
than   roses,   because  violets  are  accounted  less 
fragile.     The   cheapness  and  hardihood  of  the 
musk-plant    and   marigold,   to   say  nothing  of 
their  peculiar  odour,  has  made  them  the  most 
popular  of  the  "  roots,"  while  the  myrtle  is  the    1 
favourite  among  the  "  trees  and  shrubs."     The    I 
heaths,  moreover,  command  an  extensiv 
—  a  sale,  I  am  told,  which  was   unknown,  until 
eight  or  ten  years  ago,  another  instance  of  the    | 
"  fashion  in  flowers,"  of  which  an  informant  has    » 
spoken. 

850  Tulips                                     9rf              7 

7,704  Balsams    ,    Id.     .      64 

3,180  Calceolarias  ....      ,    2d.     .      26 

253,440  Musk  Plants      ...      ,    Id.      1,056 
11,520  London  Pride    .     .     .     „    Id.     .      48 
25,595  Lupins      ,    Id.     .    106 
9,156  China-asters       ...      ,    Id.     .      38 
63,360  Marigolds      ...           ,    \d.     .    132 
852  Dahlias     ,    tirf.     .      21 
13,356  Heliotropes   ....      ,    2rf.     .    Ill 
1,920  Poppies    „    2d.     .      16 
6,912  Michaelmas  Daisies    .     „    §rf.     .      14 

Total  annually    ....  £2,867 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


153 


STREET-SELLERS  OF  GREEN  STUFF. 


UNDER  this  head  I  class  the  street-purveyors  of 

cresses,  and  of  the  chickweed,  groundsel, 
plantain,  and  turf  required  for  cage-birds.  These 
purveyors  seem  to  be  on  the  outskirts,  as  it  were, 
of  the  costermonger  class,  and,  indeed,  the  regu- 
lar costers  look  down  upon  them  as  an  inferior 
caste.  The  green- stuff  trade  is  carried  on  by 
very  poor  persons,  and,  generally,  by  children  or 
old  people,  some  of  the  old  people  being  lame, 
or  suffering  from  some  infirmity,  which,  how- 
ever, does  not  prevent  their  walking  about 
with  their  commodities.  To  the  children  and 
infirm  class,  however,  the  turf-cutters  supply 
an  exception.  The  costennongers,  as  I  have 
intimated,  do  not  resort,  and  do  not  let  their 
children  resort,  to  this  traffic.  If  reduced  to 
th*  last  shift,  they  will  sell  nuts  or  oranges  in 
preference.  The  "old  hands''  have  been  "re- 
duced," as  a  general  rule,  from  other  avocations. 
Their  homes  are  in  the  localities  I  have  specified 
as  inhabited  by  the  poor. 

I  was  informed  by  a  seller  of  birds,  that  he 
thought  fewer  birds  were  kept  by  poor  working- 
people,  and  even  by  working-people  who  had 
regular,  though,  perhaps,  diminished  earnings, 
than  was  the  case  six  or  eight  years  ago.  At 
one  time,  it  was  not  uncommon  for  a  young  man 
to  present  his  betrothed  with  a  pair  of  singing- 
birds  in  a  neat  cage ;  now  such  a  present,  as 
far  as  my  informant's  knowledge  extended— and 
he  was  a  sharp  intelligent  man — was  but  rarely 
made.  One  reason  this  man  had  often  heard  ad- 
vanced for  poor  persons  not  renewing  their  birds, 
when  lost  or  dead,  is  pitiful  in  its  plainness — 

;it  too  much."  I  do  not  know,  that,  in  such 
a  gift  as  I  have  mentioned,  there  was  any  intention 
on  the  part  of  the  lover  to  typify  the  beauty  of 
cheerfulness,  even  in  a  very  close  confinement 
to  home.  "  I  can't  tell,  sir,"  was  said  to  me, 

i  may  have  been  originally,  but  I 
heard  such  a  thing  said  much  about,  though 
there's  been  joking  about  the  matter,  as  when 
would  the  hi:  ad  such  like. 

ink  it  was  just  I  Con- 

custom  in  'Tous  estab- 

ts,    I    am    satisfied,    that,    amoi 
labouring  classes,  birds  are  more  frequently  the 
.  the  men  than  of  the  wom.-n.      My  bird- 

•    informant   cited   merely  his   ov. 
0   doubt  that  cag< 
tensively  kept  thai. 

is  a  gre.it .  :ur  the 

'JDON- 

MAKK 

rat  costor-rry  heard  of  a  morning  in  the 

• 
crease 

•md.i  in  time  for  the   n 

fast,  or  the  day's  r-  stock- 

tnoney  for  this  calling  need  only  consist  of  a  few 


j  halfpence,  it  is  followed  by  the  very  poorest  of 
I  the  poor;  such  as  young  children,  who  have  been 
I  deserted  by  their  parents,  and  whose  strength  is 
|  not  equal  to  ar.y  very  great  labour,  or  by  old 
'  men  and  women,  crippled  by  disease  or  accident, 
who  in  their  dread  of  a  workhouse  life,  linger 
on   with   the   few  pence   they  earn   by  street- 
selling. 

As  winter  draws  near,  the  Farringdon  cress- 
market  begins  long  before  daylight.  On  your 
way  to  the  City  to  see  this  strange  sight,  the 
streets  are  deserted  ;  in  the  squares  the  blinds 
are  drawn  down  before  the  windows,  and  the 
shutters  closed,  so  that  the  very  houses  seem 
asleep.  All  is  so  silent  that  you  can  hear  the 
rattle  of  the  milkmaids'  cans  in  the  neighbour- 
ing streets,  or  the  noisy  song  of  three  or  four 
drunken  voices  breaks  suddenly  upon  you,  as  if 
the  singers  had  turned  a  corner,  and  then  dies 
j  away  in  the  distance.  On  the  cab-stands,  but 
one  or  two  crazy  cabs  are  left,  the  horses  dozing 
with  their  heads  down  to  their  knees,  and  the 
drawn- up  windows  covered  with  the  breath  of 
the  driver  sleeping  inside.  At  the  corners  of  the 
streets,  the  bright  fires  of  the  coffee-stalls  sparkle 
in  the  darkness,  and  as  you  walk  along,  the 
policeman,  leaning  against  some  gas-lain]),  turns 
his  lantern  full  upon  you,  as  if  in  suspicion  that 
one  who  walks  abroad  so  early  could  mean  no 
good  to  householders.  At  one  house  there  stands 
a  man,  with  dirty  boots  and  loose  hair,  as  if  he 
had  just  left  some  saloon,  giving  sharp  single 
knocks,  and  then  going  into  the  road  and  looking 
up  at  the  bed-rooms,  to  see  if  a  light  appeared 
in  them.  As  you  near  the  City,  you  meet,  if 
it  be  a  Monday  or  Friday  morning,  droves  of 
sheep  and  bullocks,  tramping  quietly  along  to 
Smithfield,  and  carrying  a  fog  of  .steam  with 
them,  while  behind,  with  his  hands  in  his 
pockets,  and  his  dog  panting  at  his  In  i  is. 
the  sheep-drover. 

At  the  principal  entrance  to  Farringdon-mar- 
ket  there  is  an  open  space,  running  the  entire 
length  of  the  railings  iu  front,  and  extending 
from  the  iron  gates  at  the  entrance  to  the  sheds 
down  I:  .-mirl  before 

the  shops.      In  this  open   space  tin 
sold,  by  the  women   to  whom 

they  a:  1.    in    the    hampers    th 

•  in  from  the  country. 

in  the  market  are  shut,  the  gas- 
lights  <•  :i    gates    burn    hri-jhtlv.    and 
in-ar  the  half  smothered 
iiut  uj)  in  .Mime  shed  or  liird- 
• 

ni  of  hot  coffee  in 

-  stall    on   his   head,  and   when    1  • 
•1   his  stand  hy  the  gates,  and  |>1.:' 

i   tin-  &tone 
wall,  he  blows   at    ' 

fly  ahmit  at  every   pull    he  gives. 

retted 


154 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


in  every  style  of  rags ;  they  shuffle  up  and  down 
before  the  gates,  stamping  to  wann  their  feet, 
and  ruhbing  their  hands  together  till  they  grate 
like  sandpaper.  Some  of  the  boys  have  brought 
large  hand-baskets,  and  carry  them  with  the 
handles  round  their  necks,  covering  the  head 
entirely  with  the  wicker-work  as  with  a  hood ; 
others  have  their  shallows  fastened  to  their 
backs  with  a  strap,  and  one  little  girl,  with  the 
bottom  of  her  gown  tattered  into  a  fringe  like  a 
blacksmith's  apron,  stands  shivering  in  a  large 
pair  of  worn-out  Vestris  boots,  holding  in  her 
blue  hands  a  bent  and  rusty  tea-tray.  A  few 
poor  creatures  have  made  friends  with  the  coflee- 
maii,  and  are  allowed  to  warm  their  fingers  at 
the  tire  under  the  cans,  and  as  the  heat  strikes 
into  them,  they  grow  sleepy  and  yawn. 

The  market — by  the  time  we  reach  it — has 
just  begun ;  one  dealer  has  taken  his  seat,  and 
sits  motionless  with  cold — for  it  wants  but  a 
month  to  Christmas — with  his  hands  thrust  deep 
into  the  pockets  of  his  gray  driving  coat,  i 
him  is  an  opened  hamper,  with  a  candle  fixed 
in  the  centre  of  the  bright  green  cresses,  and  as 
it  shines  through  the  wicker  sides  of  the  basket, 
it  casts  curious  patterns  on  the  ground — as  a 
night  sha<te  does.  Two  or  three  customers,  with 
their  "shallows"  slung  over  their  backs,  and 
their  hands  poked  into  the  bosoms  of  their 
gowns,  are  bending  over  the  hamper,  tl, 
from  which  tinges  their  .s-.varihy  featu:- 
they  rattle  their  halfpence  and  speak  coaxingly 
to  the  dealer,  to  hurry  him  in  their  bargains. 

Just  as  the  church  clocks  are  striking  five, 
a  stout  saleswoman  enters  the  gates,  and  in- 
stantly a  country-looking  fellow,  in  a  wagoner's 
cap  and  smock-frock,  arranges  the  baskets  he 
has  brought  up  to  London.  The  other  ladies 
are  soon  at  their  posts,  well  wrapped  up  in  warm 
cloaks,  over  their  thick  shawls,  and  sit  with 
their  hands  under  their  aprons,  talking  to  the 
loungers,  whom  they  call  by  their  names.  Now 
the  business  commences  ;  the  customers  come  in 
by  twos  and  threes,  and  walk  about,  looking  at 
the  cresses,  and  listening  to  the  prices  asked. 
Every  hamper  is  surrounded  by  a  black  crowd, 
bending  over  till  their  heads  nearly  meet,  their 
foreheads  and  cheeks  lighted  up  by  the  candle 
in  the  centre.  The  saleswomen's  voices  are 
heard  above  the  noise  of  the  mob,  sharply 
answering  all  objections  that  may  be  made  to 
the  quality  of  their  goods.  "  They're  rather 
spotty,  mum,"  says  an  Irishman,  as  lie  examines 
one  of  the  leaves.  "  No  more  spots  than  a  new- 
born babe,  Dennis,"  answers  the  lady  tartly,  and 
then  turns  to  a  new  comer.  At  one  basket,  a 
street-seller  in  an  old  green  cloak,  has  spread 
out  a  rusty  shawl  to  receive  her  bunches,  and 
by  her  stands  her  daughter,  in  a  thin  cotton 
dress,  patched  like  a  quilt.  "  Ah  !  Mrs.  Dol- 
land,"  cried  the  saleswoman  in  a  gracious  tone, 
<v  can  you  keep  yourself  warm  ?  it  bites  the 
fingers  like  biling  water,  it  do."  At  another 
basket,  an  old  man,  with  long  gray  hair  stream- 
ing over  a  kind  of  policeman's  cape,  is  bitterly 
complaining  of  the  way  he  has  been  treated  by 


another  saleswoman.  "  He  bought  a  lot  of  her, 
the  other  morning,  and  by  daylight  they  were 
quite  white;  for.  he  only  made  threepence  on 
his  best  day."  "  Well,  Joe,"  returns  the  lady, 
"  you  should  come  to  them  as  knows  you,  and 
allers  treats  you  well." 

These  saleswomen  often  call  to  each  other 
from  one  end  of  the  market  to  the  other.  If  any 
quarrel  take  place  at  one  of  the  hampers,  as 
frequently  it  does,  the  next  neighbour  is  sure 
to  say  something.  "  Pinch  him  well,  Sally," 
cried  on  :nan  to  another ;  "pinch  him 

well;  /  do  when  I've  a  chance."  "  It's  no 
use,"  was  the  answer;  "  I  might  as  well  try  to 
pinch  a  elephant." 

One  old  wrinkled  woman,  carrying  a  basket 
with  an  oilcloth  bottom,  was  asked  by  a  buxom 
rosy  dealer,  "Now,  Nancy,  what's  for  you?" 
But  the  old  dame  was  surly  with  the  cold,  and 
sneering  at  the  beauty  of  the  saleswoman,  an- 
swered, "  Why  don't  you  go  and  get  a  sweet- 
heart; sich  as  you  aint  tit  for  sich  as  \vc."  This 
caused  angry  words,  and  Nancy  was  solemnly 
requested  "  to  draw  it  mild,  like  a  good  soul." 

As  the  morning  twilight  came  on,  the  paved 
court  was  crowded  with  purchasers.     The  sheds 
and  shops  at  the  end  of  the  market  grew  every 
moment    more    distinct,    and    a    railway -van, 
laden    with    carrots,    came    rumbling    into    the 
yard.     The  pigeons,  too,  began  to  iiy  on  to  the 
sheds,   or  walk    about  the    p; 
the  gas-man  came  round  with  his  ladder  to  turn 
cut  the  lamps.     Then   every  one  v 
about ;  the  clu'ldrcn  crying,  as  their  nai, 

trodden  upon,  and  the  women  hurry- 
ing ofl',  with  their  baskets  or  shawls  filled  with 
cresses,  and  the  bunch  of  rushes  in  their  hands. 
In  one  corner  of  the  market,  busily  tying  up 
their  bunches,  were  three  or  four  girls  seated  on 
the  stones,  with  their  legs  curled  up  under  them, 
and  the  ground  near  them  was  green  with  the 
leaves  they  had  thrown  away.  A  saleswoman, 
seeing  me  looking  at  the  group,  said  to  me, 
'*  Ah  !  you  should  come  here  of  a  summer's 
morning,  and  then  you'd  see  'em,  sitting  tying 
up,  young  and  old,  upwards  of  a  hundred  poor 
things  as  thick  as  crows  in  a  ploughed  field." 

As  it  grew  late,  and  the  crowd  had  thinned; 
none  but  the  very  poorest  of  the  cress- sellers 
were  left.  Many  of  these  had  come  without 
money,  others  had  their  halfpence  tied  up  care- 
fully in  their  shawl-ends,  as  though  they  dreaded 
the  loss.  A  sickly- looking  boy,  of  about  five, 
whose  head  just  reached  above  the  hampers, 
now  crept  forward,  treading  with  his  blue  naked 
feet  over  the  cold  stones  as  a  cat  does  over  wet 
ground.  At  his  elbows  and  knees,  his  skin 
showed  in  gashes  through  the  rents  in  his 
clothes,  and  ho  looked  so  frozen,  that  the  buxom 
saleswoman  called  to  him,  asking  if  his  mother 
had  gone  home.  The  boy  knew  her  \\  ->11,  for 
without  answering  her  question,  he  went  up  to 
her,  and,  as  he  stood  shivering  on  one  foot, 
said,  "  Give  us  a  few  old  cresses,  Jinney. 
in  a  few  minutes  was  running  ofl'  v. 
bundle  under  his  arm.  All  of  the  sale.- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


155 


seemed  to  be  of  kindly  natures,  for  at  another 
stall  an   old   dame,   win  vined    to    be 

beyond  cm:  :ig  for  some  cresses  she 

had  long  since  been  trusted  with,  and  excusing 
herself  for  the  time  that  had  passed  since  the 
transaction.  As  I  felt  curious  on  the  point 
of  the  honesty  of  the  poor,  I  asked  the  sales- 
woman when  she  was  done,  whether  t: 
much  by  giving  credit.  "  It  couldn't  be  much," 
she  ar-  -.11  of  them  decamped." 

But  they  were  generally  honest,  and  paid  back, 
often   reminding   her   i  I  •  on   that   she 

herself  had  forgotten.     Whenever  she  lost  any- 
thing,   it    was    by    the  poor    ones  ; 

"  though  it  aim  their  fault,  poor  things,"  she 
added  in  a  kindly  tone,  "  for  when  they  keeps 
•  s  either  the  workhouse  or  the 
churchyard  a*  stops  th- 

.ik  home—  although  the  apprentice 

is    knocking    at    the   master's   door  —  the    little 

:;irls  are  crying  their  goods  in  every 

it  of  them  are  gathered  round  the 

pumps,  washing  the    leave-;   and   piling  up  the 

bunch  baskets,  that  are  tattered  and 

worn  as   their  own  clothing  ;    in   some  of  the 

shallows  the  holes  at  the  bottom  have  been  laced 

up  or  darned  together  with  rope  and  string,  or 

,.nd  split  laths  have  been  fastened  across; 

>thers  are  lined  with  oilcloth,  or  old  pieces 
of  sheet-tin.  Even  by  the  time  the  cress-market 
is  over,  it  is  yet  so  early  that  the  maids  are  beat- 

iie  road,  and  mechanic 

their  tool-baskets  swung  over  their  shoulders,  are 
still  hurryi;.  ..ork.     To  \ 

don-market  early  on  a  Monday  morning 

roper  way  to  judge  of  the  fortitude  and 
:ice   of   the    poor.      As 

•-S  Jen-old  has  beautifully  said,  "  there  is 
goodne&s,    like   wild    honey,    hived    in    strange 
nooks  and  corners  of  the  earth."     Tin 
cress-sellers  belong  to  a  clnss  so  poor  that  their 

;c  want  alone  would  almost  be  an 

ng  the 

few  pence  they  owe  even  though   they  hunger 
for  it.     It  must  require  no  lr 
scienc  ;  nrt  of  the  1 

resist  the  temptations  around  them,  and  refuse 
the  lu: 

• 
• 

feet  along  the  cold  stones  —  t; 
and    the    d.i 

to  the   thief's   8  ly  easy 

The    heroi  -'oor    is 

young  and  old  —  so  con*; 
as  among  the  watercress-buyer*  at 
market 

O?   THE    STRLET-sr.LLr.I.*   or  WATEM-CftClf. 


Balers  in  wnter-cresses  are 

t  rad 

sent  out  bv 


eatl 


"to  get  a  loaf  of  bread  somehow"  (to  use  the 
words  of  an  old  man  in  the  trade),  and  the  very 
old  take  to  it  because  they  are  unable  to  do  hard 
labour,  and  they  strive  to  keep  away  from  the 
workhouse  —  ("  I'd  do  anything  before  I'd  go 
there  — sweep  the  crossings,  or  anything:  but  I 
should  have  had  to  have  gone  to  the  hoiue  before, 
.if  it  hadn't  been  for  my  wifc.  I'm  sixty-two," 
said  one  who  had  been  si.  t  the  trade). 

The  old  people  are  both  men  and  women.     The 
men  have  been  sometimes  one  thing,  and  some- 
times another.   "  I've  been  a  porter  mysel:. 
one,"  jobbing  about  in  the  markets,  or  wherever  I 
could  get  a  job  to  do.    Then  there's  one  oh!  man 
goes  about  selling  water-cresses  who's  been  a 
seafaring  man ;   he's  very  old,  he  is — older  than 
what  I  am,  sir.     Many  a  one  has  been  .. 
mechanic  in  his  younger  days,  only  he's  got  too 
old  for  labour.     The  old  women  have,  n>. 
them,  been  laundresses,  only  they  can't  now  do 
the  work,  you  see,  and  so  they're  glad  to  pick 
up  a  crust  anyhow.    Nelly,  I  know,  has  lost  her 
husband,  and   she  hasn't  nothing  else  but  her 
few  creases  to  keep  her.     She's  as  good,  honest, 
hard-working  a  creature  as  ever  were,  for  what 
she  can  do  — poor  old  soul !     The  young  people 
are,  most  of  them,  girls.     There  are  sonv 
but  girls   are  generally  put  to  it  by  tl 
people.     There's  Mary  Macdonald,  she's  about 

.her  is  a  bricklayer's  I;.1 
B    Englishman,  and  he  sends  little 
out  to  get  a  halfpenny  or  two.     lit 
times  a  couple  of  days'  work  in  the  week.     lie 
don't  get  more  now,  I'm  sure,  and  he's  got  three 
children  to  keep  out  of  that;   so  all  on  'em  that 
can  work  are  obligated  to  do  something.     The 
other  two  children   are  so  small   they  can't  do 
nothing  yet.     Then  there's  Louisa;   she's  about 
twelve,  and  she  goes  about  with  creases  like  I 
do.     I  don't  thini.  a  father.     I 

know  she's  a  mother  alive,  and  she  sells  r 
like  her  daughter.    The  mother's  about  fit 
I  dare  .say.    The  sellers  gener  it  with 

an  arm-basket,  like  a  gn 
sallow  '  in   front  . 

them   <  them,  slung 

round    their   neck.     Ah !   it   would    mak 

v.  as  to  go  to  Farringdo: 

little  things  then-  s  and  st.>. 

and  their  feet  quite  blue  with  the  cold  — oh,  that 

i  'em  don't  km 
' 

nted  something  ; 

•  iy  is  generally  carried 
young 

that  to  seven."    said   < 

.(own  in  the 
market  '. 

i.    V»Y 

- 

•    [ 
. 


150 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


things.  I  don't  hardly  know  whether  I've  got 
'em  in  my  hands  or  not;  can't  even  pick  off  a 
dead  leaf.  But  that's  nothing  to  the  poor  little 
things  without  shoes.  Why,  bless  you,  I've 
seen  'em  stand  and  cry  two  and  three  together, 
with  the  cold.  Ah !  my  heart  has  ached  for 
'em  over  and  over  again.  I've  said  to  'em,  I 
wonder  why  your  mother  sends  you  out,  that  I 
have ;  and  they  said  they  was  obligated  to  try 
and  get  a  penny  for  breakfast.  We  buy  the 
water-cresses  by  the  '  hand.'  One  hand  will 
make  about  five  halfpenny  bundles.  There's 
more  call  for  'em  in  the  spring  of  the  year  than 
what  there  is  in  the  winter.  Why,  they're 
reckoned  good  for  sweetening  the  blood  in  the 
spring ;  but,  for  my  own  eating,  I'd  sooner 
have  the  crease  in  the  whiter  than  I  would 
have  it  in  the  spring  of  the  year.  There's  an 
old  woman  sits  in  Farringdon-market,  of  the 
name  of  Burrows,  that's  sot  there  twenty-four 
years,  and  she's  been  selling  out  creases  to  us 
all  that  time. 

"  The  sellers  goes  to  market  with  a  few  pence. 
I  myself  goes  down  there  and  lays  out  some- 
times my  I'/. ;  that's  what  I  laid  out  this  morn- 
ing. Sometimes  I  lay  out  only  Id.  and  3d., 
according  as  how  I  has  the  halfpence  in  my 
pocket.  Many  a  one  goes  down  to  the  market 
with  only  three  halfpence,  and  glad  to  have  that 
to  get  a  halfpenny,  or  anything,  so  as  to  earn  a 
mouthful  of  bread — a  bellyful  that  they  can't 
get  no  how.  Ah,  many  a  time  I  walked  through 
the  streets,  and  picked  a  piece  of  bread  that  tne 
servants  chucked  out  of  the  door— may  be  to 
the  birds.  I've  gone  and  picked  it  up  when  I've 
been  right  hungry.  Thinks  I,  I  can  eat  that  as 
well  as  the  birds.  None  of  the  sellers  ever  goes 
down  to  the  market  with  less  than  a  penny. 
They  won't  make  less  than  a  pennorth,  that's 
one  'hand,'  and  if  the  little  thing  sells  that,  she 
won't  earn  more  than  three  halfpence  out  of  it. 
After  they  have  bought  the  creases  they  gene- 
rally take  them  to  the  pump  to  wet  them.  I 
generally  pump  upon  mine  in  JIatton-garden. 
It's  done  to  make  them  look  nice  and  fresh  all 
the  morning,  so  that  the  wind  shouldn't  make 
them  Hag.  You  see  they've  been  packed  all 
night  in  the  hamper,  and  they  get  dry.  Some 
ties  them  up  in  ha'porths  as  they  walks  along. 
Many  of  them  sit  down  on  the  steps  of  St. 
Andrew's  Church  and  make  them  up  into 
bunches.  You'll  see  plenty  of  them  there  of  a 
morning  between  five  and  six.  Plenty,  poor 
little  dear  souls,  sitting  there,"  said  the  old  man 
to  me.  There  the  hand  is  parcelled  out  into  five 
halfpenny  bunches.  In  the  summer  the  dealers 
often  go  to  market  and  lay  out  as  much  as  Is. 
"  On  Saturday  morning,  this  time  of  year,  I 
buys  as  many  as  nine  hands — there's  more  call 
for  'em  on  Saturday  and  Sunday  morning  than 
on  any  other  days;  and  we  always  has  to  buy 
on  Saturdays  what  we  want  for  Sundays — there 
an't  no  market  on  that  day,  sir.  At  the  market 
sufficient  creases  are  bought  by  the  sellers  for 
the  morning  and  afternoon  as  well.  In  the 
morning  some  begin  crying  their  creases  through 


the  streets  at  half-past  six,  and  others  about 
seven.  They  go  to  different  parts,  but  there  is 
scarcely  a  place  but  what  some  goes  to — there 
are  so  many  of  us  now — there's  twenty  to  one 
to  what  there  used  to  be.  Why,  they're  so  thick 
down  at  the  market  in  the  summer  time,  that 
you  might  bowl  balls  along  their  heads,  and  all 
a  fighting  for  the  creases.  There's  a  regular 
scramble,  I  can  assure  you,  to  get  at  'em,  so  as 
to  make  a  halfpenny  out  of  them.  I  should 
think  in  the  spring  mornings  there's  400  or  500 
on  'em  down  at  Farringdon-market  all  at  one 
time — between  four  and  five  in  the  morning  — if 
not  more  than  that,  and  as  fast  as  they  keep 
going  out,  others  keep  coming  in.  I  think 
there  is  more  than  a  thousand,  young  and  old, 
about  the  streets  in  the  trade.  The  working 
classes  are  the  principal  of  the  customers, 
bricklayers,  and  carpenters,  and  smiths,  and 
plumbers,  leaving  work  and  going  home  to 
breakfast  at  eight  o'clock,  purchase  the  chief 
part  of  them.  A  great  many  are  s^>ld  down 
the  courts  and  mews,  and  bye  streets,  and 
very  few  are  got  rid  of  in  the  squares  and 
the  neighbourhood  of  the  more  respectable 
houses.  Many  are  sold  in  the  principal 
thoroughfares  —  a  large  number  in  the  City. 
There  is  a  man  who  stands  close  to  the 
office,  at  the  top  of  Newgate-street,  winter  and 
summer,  who  sells  a  great  quantity  of  bunches 
every  morning.  This  man  frequently  takes 
between  4s.  and  5s.  of  a  winter's  morning,  and 
about  10s.  a  day  in  the  summer."  "  Sixteen 
years  ago,"  said  the  old  man  who  gave  me  the 
principal  part  of  this  information,  "  I  could 
come  out  and  take  my  18s.  of  a  Saturday  morn- 
ing, and  5s.  on  a  Sunday  morning  as  well  ;  but 
now  I  think  myself  very  lucky  if  I  can  take  my 
Is.  3d.,  and  it's  only  on  two  mornings  in  the 
week  that  I  can  get  that."  The  hucksters  of 
watercresses  are  generally  an  honest,  indus- 
trious, striving  class  of  persons.  The  young 
girls  are  said  to  be  well-behaved,  and  to  be  the 
daughters  of  poor  struggling  people.  The  old 
men  and  women  are  persons  striving  to  save 
themselves  from  the  workhouse.  The  old  and 
young  people  generally  travel  nine  and  ten 
miles  in  the  course  of  the  day.  They  start  off 
to  market  at  four  and  five,  and  are  out  on  their 
morning  rounds  from  seven  till  nine,  and  on 
their  afternoon  rounds  from  half-past  two  to  five 
in  the  evening.  They  travel  at  the  rate  of  two 
miles  an  hour.  "  If  it  wasn't  for  my  wife,  I 
must  go  to  the  workhouse  outright,"  said  the 
old  watercress  man.  "Ah,  I  do'nt  know  what 
I  should  do  without  her,  I  can  assure  you.  She 
earns  about  Is.  3d.  a  day.  She  takes  in  a  little 
washing,  and  keeps  a  mangle.  When  I'm  at 
home  I  turn  the  mangle  for  her.  The  mangle 
is  my  own.  When  my  wife's  mother  was  alive 
she  lent  us  the  money  to  buy  it,  and  as  we 
earnt  the  money  we  paid  her  back  so  much  a 
week.  It  is  that  what  has  kept  us  together,  or 
else  we  shouldn't  have  been  as  we  are.  The 
mangle  we  give  50s.  for,  and  it  brings  us  in  now 
Is.  3d.  a  day  with  the  washing.  My  wife  ii 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


157 


r  than  I  am.  She  is  about  thirty-five 
:d.  "NVe  have  got  two  children.  One  is 
thirteen  and  the  other  fifteen.  They've  both  got 
learning,  and  are  both  in  situations.  I  always 
sent  'era  to  school.  Though  I  can't  neither 
read  nor  write  myself,  I  wished  to  make  them 
some  little  scholards.  I  paid  a  penny  a  week 

for  'em  at  the  school.    Lady  M has  always 

given  me  my  Christmas  dinner  for  the  last  five 
years,  and  God  bless  her  for  it — that  I  do  say 
indeed." 

WATERCRESS  GIRL. 

The  little  watercress  girl  who  gave  me  the 
following  statement,  although  only  eight  years 
o**  age,  had  entirely  lost  all  childish  ways,  and 
was,  indeed,  in  thoughts  and  manner,  a  woman. 
There  was  something  cruelly  pathetic  in  hearing 
this  infant,  so  young  that  her  features  had 
scarcely  formed  themselves,  talking  of  the  bit- 
terest struggles  of  life,  with  the  calm  earnest- 
ness of  one  who  had  endured  them  all.  I  did 
nut  know  how  to  talk  with  her.  At  first  I 
treated  her  as  a  child,  speaking  on  childish  sub- 
jects ;  so  that  I  might,  by  being  familiar  with 
her,  remove  all  shyness,  and  get  her  to  narrate 
her  life  freely.  I  asked  her  about  her  toys  and 
her  games  with  her  companions ;  but  the  look 
of  amazement  that  answered  me  soon  put  an 
end  to  any  attempt  at  fun  on  my  part.  I  then 
talked  to  her  about  the  parks,  and  whether  she 
vnt  to  them.  "  The  parks  ! "  she  replied 
in  wonder,  "where  are  they?"  I  explained 
to  her,  telling  her  that  they  were  large  open 
places  with  green  grass  and  tall  trees,  where 
beautiful  carriages  drove  about,  and  people 
Walked  for  pleasure,  and  children  played.  Her 
Tightened  up  a  little  as  1  spoke;  and 
ked,  half  doubtingly,  "Would  they  let 
go  there — just  to  look  ?"  All  her 
;  to  begin  and  end  with  water- 
,  what  they  fetched.  She  knew  no 
more  of  London  than  that  part  she  had 
her  rounds,  and  believed  that  no  quarter  of  the 
town  was  handsomer  or  pleasanter  than  it 

•  t  or  at  Clerkemvell,  where  she 
ale  and  thin  with  priva- 
te wrinkled  where  the  dimples  ought  to 
:,d  she  would  sigh 

mer  was  o:  would 

'  much,  '*  it 
"  and    she   wasn't 
used  t 

aiders. 

i en  she 
walkt  :llcd    along,    fur    : 

r  shoes 

slip  ofl'hcr  feet. 

0  about  the  streets  with  water- creases, 
'  bunclies  reases.' 

1  — that's  a! 

than  1  am.     On  and  ufi;  IV 


twelvemonth  in  the  streets.  Before  that,  I  had 
to  take  care  of  a  baby  for  my  aunt.  No,  it 
wasn't  heavy — it  was  only  two  months  old  ;  but 
I  minded  it  for  ever  such  a  time — till  it  could 
walk.  It  was  a  very  nice  little  baby,  not  a  very 
pretty  one ;  but,  if  I  touched  it  under  the  chin, 
it  would  laugh.  Before  I  had  the  baby,  I  used 
to  help  mother,  who  was  in  the  fur  trade ;  and, 
if  there  was  any  slits  in  the  fur,  I'd  sew  them 
up.  My  mother  learned  me  to  needle-work  and 
to  knit  when  I  was  about  five.  I  used  to  go  to 
school,  too  ;  but  I  wasn't  there  long.  I've  forgot 
all  about  it  now,  it's  such  a  time  ago ;  and  mother 
took  me  away  because  the  master  whacked  me, 
though  the  missus  use' n't  to  never  touch  me.  I 
didn't  like  him  at  all.  What  do  you  think  ?  he 
hit  me  three  times,  ever  so  hard,  across  the  face 
with  his  cane,  and  made  me  go  dancing  down 
stairs  ;  and  when  mother  saw  the  marks  on  my 
cheek,  she  went  to  blow  him  up,  but  she  couldn't 
see  him — he  was  afraid.  That's  why  I  left 
school. 

"The  creases  is  so  bad  now,  that  I  haven't 
been  out  with  'em  for  three  days.  They're  so 
cold,  people  won't  buy  'em  ;  for  when  I  goes  up 
to  them,  they  say,  'They'll  freeze  our  bellies.' 
Besides,  in  the  market,  they  won't  sell  a  ha'penny 
handful  now— they're  ris  to  a  penny  and  tup- 
pence. In  summer  there's  lots,  and  'most  as 
cheap  as  dirt ;  but  I  have  to  be  down  at  Far- 
ringdon-market  between  four  and  five,  or  else  I 
can't  get  any  creases,  because  everyone  almost 
—  especially  the  Irish  — is  selling  them,  and 
picked  up  so  quick.  Some  of  the  sales- 
women — we  never  calls  'em  ladies — is  very  kind 
to  us  children,  and  some  of  them  alt< 
spiteful.  The  good  one  will  give  you  a  bunch 
€or  nothing,  when  they're  cheap  ;  but  the  others, 
cruel  ones,  if  you  try  to  bate  them  a  farden  less 
than  they  ask  you,  will  say,  '  Go  along  with  you, 
you're  no  good.'  I  used  to  go  down  to  market 
along  with  another  girl,  as  must  be  about  four- 
.-<is  she  does  her  back  hair  up.  When  \ve've 
bought  a  lot,  we  sits  down  on  a  door- step,  and 
!h«-  hunches.  We  n>  I  -me  to 

It  till   we've  sold  out;   but,   if  it' 
late,  then  I  buys  a  penn'orth  of  pmlden.  which 
\ .      I    don't  know  hardly 
.•pie.  as  goes  to  I'arringdon.  to  talk 
to  ;   tli 

.-Mini  never  play  down  there,  'cos 
liking  of  our  living.    No;   pmp]. 

.  man, 

and   In-  says,  says  lie,  '  What  do  y«m   do  out  so 
iiorning?'  but  he  gave  me  nothink 
y  walked 

winter  con 

morning. 
up  in   :  of  the  lamp  in  the 

ie  ground,  ' 

HI  the  cold     you  mm'  ' 

y  shawl,  though  it  hurts 
old  of  the  • 

to  the  pump  to  v,a-!.  '«  m.      No;  I 
ying— it's  i 
a  great  deal  of  money. 


158 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


One  da)'  I  took  Is.  6d.,  and  the  creases  cost  6d. ; 
but  it  isn't  often  I  get  such  luck  as  that.  1 
oftener  makes  3d.  or  4d.  than  Is. ;  and  then  I'm 
at  work,  crying,  'Creases,  four  bunches  a  penny, 
creases ! '  from  six  in  the  mornmg  to  about  ten. 
What  do  you  mean  by  mechanics  ? — I  don't 
know  what  they  are.  The  shops  buys  most  of 
me.  Some  of 'em  says,  'Oh!  I  ain't  a-goin'  to 
give  a  penny  for  these;'  and  they  want  'em  at 
the  same  price  as  I  buys  'em  at. 

"  I  always  give  mother  my  money,  she's  so 
very  good  to  me.  She  don't  often  beat  me ;  but, 
when  she  do,  she  don't  play  with  me.  She's 
very  poor,  and  goes  out  cleaning  rooms  some- 
times, now  she  don't  work  at  the  fur.  I  ain't 
got  no  father,  he's  a  father-in-law.  No ;  mother 
ain't  married  again— he's  a  father-in-law.  He 
grinds  scissors,  and  he's  very  good  to  me.  No ; 
I  dont  mean  by  that  that  he  says  kind  things  to 
me,  for  he  never  hardly  speaks.  When  I  gets 
home,  after  selling  creases,  I  stops  at  home.  I 
puts  the  room  to  rights:  mother  don't  make  me 
do  it,  I  does  it  myself.  I  cleans  the  chairs, 
though  there's  only  two  to  clean.  I  takes  a  tub 
and  scrubbing-brush  and  flannel,  and  scrubs  the 
floor — that's  what  I  do  three  or  four  times  a 
week. 

"  I  don't  have  no  dinner.  Mother  gives  me 
two  slices  of  bread-and-butter  and  a  cup  of  tea 
for  breakfast,  and  then  I  go  till  tea,  and  has  the 
same.  We  has  meat  of  a  Sunday,  and,  of  course, 
I  should  like  to  have  it  every  day.  Mother  has 
just  the  same  to  eat  as  we  has,  but  she  takes 
more  tea — three  cups,  sometimes.  No ;  I  never 
has  no  sweet-stuff;  I  nevei  buy  none — I  don't 
like  it.  Sometimes  we  has  a  game  of  '  honey- 
pots'  with  the  girls  in  the  court,  but  not  often. 

Me  and  Carry  H carries  the  little  'uns.  We 

plays,  too,  at '  kiss-in-the-ring.'  I  knows  a  good 
many  games,  but  I  don't  play  at  'em,  'cos  going 
out  with  creases  tires  me.  On  a  Friday  night, 
too,  I  goes  to  a  Jew's  house  till  eleven  o'clock 
on  Saturday  night.  All  I  has  to  do  is  to  snuff 
the  candles  and  poke  the  fire.  You  see  they 
keep  their  Sabbath  then,  and  they  won't  touch 
anything  ;  so  they  gives  me  my  wittals  and  1  \d., 
and  I  does  it  for  'em.  I  have  a  reg'lar  good  lot 
to  eat.  Supper  of  Friday  night,  and  tea  after 
that,  and  fried  fish  of  a  Saturday  morning,  and 
meat  for  dinner,  and  tea,  and  supper,  and  I  like 
it  very  well. 

"  Oh,  yes ;  I've  got  some  toys  at  home.  I've 
a  fire-place,  and  a  box  of  toys,  and  a  knife  and 
fork,  and  two  little  chairs.  The  Jews  gave  'em 
to  me  where  I  go  to  on  a  Friday,  and  that's  why 
I  said  they  was  very  kind  to  me.  I  never  had 
no  doll ;  but  I  misses  little  sister — she's  only 
tvro  years  old.  We  don't  sleep  in  the  same  room; 
for  father  and  mother  sleeps  with  little  sister  in 
the  one  pair,  and  me  and  brother  and  other  sis- 
ter sleeps  in  the  top  room.  I  always  goes  to 
bed  at  seven,  'cos  I  has  to  be  up  so  early. 

"I  am  a  capital  hand  at  bargaining — but 
only  at  buying  watercreases.  They  can't  take 
me  in.  If  the  woman  tries  to  give  me  a  small 
handful  of  creases,  I  says,  '  I  ain't  a  goin*  to 


have  that  for  a  ha'porth,'  and  I  go  to  the  next 
basket,  and  so  on,  all  round.  I  kiiow  the 
quantities  very  well.  For  a  penny  I  ought  to 
have  a  full  market  hand,  or  as  much  as  I  could 
carry  in  my  arms  at  one  time,  without  spilling. 
For  3d.  I  has  a  lap  full,  enough  to  earn  about 
a  shilling  ;  and  for  Gd.  I  gets  as  many  as  crams 
my  basket.  I  can't  read  or  write,  but  I  knows 
how  many  pennies  goes  to  a  shilling,  why, 
twelve,  of  course,  but  I  don't  Unow  how  many 
ha'pence  there  is,  though  there's  two  to  a  penny. 
When  I've  bought  3d.  of  creases,  I  ties  'em  up 
into  as  many  little  bundles  a&  I  can.  They 
must  look  biggish,  or  the  people  won't  buy 
them,  some  puffs  them  out  as  much  as  they'll 
go.  All  my  money  I  earns  I  puts  in  a  club 
and  draws  it  out  to  buy  clothes  with.  It's 
better  than  spending  it  in  sweet-stuff,  for  them 
as  has  a  living  to  earn.  Besides  it's  like  a  child 
to  care  for  sugar-sticks,  and  not  like  one  who's 
got  a  living  and  vittals  to  earn.  I  aint  a  child, 
and  I  shan't  be  a  woman  till  I'm  twenty,  but 
I'm  past  eight,  I  am.  I  don't  know  nothing 
about  what  I  earns  during  the  year,  I  only 
know  how  many  pennies  goes  to  a  shilling,  and 
two  ha'pence  goes  to  a  penny,  and  four  fardens 
goes  to  a  penny.  I  knows,  too,  how  many 
fardens  goes  to  tuppence  —  eight  That's  as 
much  as  I  wants  to  know  for  the  markets." 


The  market  returns  I  have  obtained  show  the 
following  result  of  the  quantity  vended  in  the 
streets,  and  of  the  receipts  by  the  cress-sellers : — 

A  TABLE  SHOWING  THE  QUANTITY  OF  WATER- 
CRESSES  SOLD  WHOLESALE  THROUGHOUT 
THE  YEAH  IN  LONDON,  WITH  THE  PROPOR- 

•   TION  RETAILED  IN  THE  STREETS. 


Market. 

Quantity  sold 
wholesale. 

Proportion 
retailed  in 
the  8  tracts. 

Covent  Garden 
Farringdon 
Borough     .     . 
Spitalfields      . 
Portman     .     . 

Total     .     . 

1,578,000  bunches 
12,960,000       „ 
180,000       „ 
180,000       ., 
60,000       „ 

one-eighth, 
one-  half.  ' 
one-half, 
one-half, 
one-third. 

14,958,000       „ 

From  this  sale  the  street  cress  -  sellers  re- 
ceive : — 

Bunches.  Receipts 

Farringdon     .  6,480,000  \d.  per  bunch  £13,500 
Covent  Garden       16,450  „  34 

Borough     .     .       90,000  187 

Spitalfields      .       90,000  „  187 

Portman     .     .       20,000  41 


£13,949 

The  discrepancy  in  the  quantity  sold  in  the 
respective  markets  is  to  be  accounted  for  by  the 
fact,  that  Farringdon  is  the  water-cress  market 
to  which  are  conveyed  the  qualities,  large- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


159 


~nd  big- stalked,  that  suit  the  street -folk. 

i  description  of  cress  they  purchase  one- 

:'  all  that  is  sold  in   Farringdon ;  of  the 

.nd  smaller,  and  brown-leaved  cress  sold 
there,  they  purchase  hardly  any.  At  Covent 
Garden  only  the  finer  sorts  of  cress  are  in 
demand,  and,  consequently,  the  itinerants  buy 
only  an  eighth  in  that  market,  and  they  are  not 
encouraged  there.  They  purchase  half  the 
quantity  in  the  Borough,  and  the  same  in  Spital- 

ind  a  third  at  Portman.  I  have  before 
mentioned  that  500  might  be  taken  as  the 
number  supported  by  the  sale  of  "creases;"' 

.  500  families,  or  at  least  1,000  indi- 
viduals. The  total  amount  received  is  nearly 
14,000/..  and  this  apportioned  among  1,000 

-ellers,  gives  a  weekly  receipt  of  5s.  5d., 

a  profit  of  3*.  3d.  per  individual. 

The   discrepancy   is   further    accounted    for 

the  other  market  salesmen  buy  cresses 

at  Farringdon ;  but  I  have  given  under  the  head 

of  Farringdon  all   that  is  sold  to  those  other 

markets  to  be  disposed  to  the  street-sellers,  and 

the  returns  from  the  other  markets  are  of  the 

cresses   carried   direct   there,   apart    from    any 

purchases  at  Farringdon. 

OF  GROUNDSEL  AND  CHICKWEED  SELLERS. 
Ox  a  former  occasion  (in  the  Morning  Chronicle) 
I  mentioned  that  I  received  a  letter  inform- 
ing me  that  a  woman,  residing  in  one  of  the 
courts  about  Saffron-hill,  was  making  braces, 
and  receiving  only  1*.  for  four  dozen  of  them.  I 
jras  assured  she  was  a  most  deserving  character, 

sober,  and  not  receiving  parochial  relief. 

;uid,"   my   informant  added,   "  was 

paralysed,  and  endeavoured  to  assist  his  family 

by  gathering  green  food  for  birds.     They  are  in 

deep  distress,  but  their  character  is  irreproach- 

I  found  the  couple  located  up  a  court, 
ranee  to  which  was  about  as  narrow  as 
the  opening  to  a  sentry-box,  and  on  each  side 
lolled  groups  of  labourers  and  costermongers, 
with  short  black  pipes  in  their  mouths.  As  I 
dived  into  the  court,  a  crowd  follov. 
whither  I  was  going.  The  brace-maker  lived 
on  the  first  floor  of  a  crazy,  fa-tid  house.  I 
ascended  'the  stairs,  and  the  banisters,  from 
which  the  rails  had  all  been  purloined,  gave 
way  in  my  hands.  I  found  the  womai.. 
and  t!  it  their  tc  :- 

a  large  broken  chair,  beside  the  fire- place,  was 
the  old  paralysed  man,  dressed  in  a  ragged 
greasy  fustian  coat,  his 

hair  in  the  wildest  disorder.  On  the  edge  of 
the  bed  sat  a  cleanly  1 

with  a  black  apron  on.     Stem.  <•  table 

was  a  blue-eyed    laughing   and   shoeless   boy, 
with  an  old  camlet  cape  pinned  over  his 
ders.  .1  a  long  gr< 

afore,  with  hex  hair  cut  close  to  li- 
the exception  of  a  few 
hang  down  < 

idow  stood  a  ba.- 

chickweed  and  ground MJ!,  ai 
was  a  stu 


mantel-piece  and  an  empty  cage  hanging  out- 
side the  window.  In  front  of  the  window-sill 
was  the  small  imitation  of  a  gate  and  palings, 
so  popular  among  the  workpeople.  On  the 
table  were  a  loaf,  a  few  mugs  of  milkless  tea 
and  a  small  piece  of  butter  in  a  saucer.  I  hac 
scarcely  entered  when  the  mother  began  to  re- 
move the  camlet  cape  from  the  boy's  shoulders, 
and  to  slip  a  coarse  clean  pinafore  over  his 
head  instead.  At  present  I  have  only  to  deal 
with  the  trade  of  the  husband,  who  made  the 
following  statement : 

"  I  sell  chickweed  and  grunsell,  and  turfs 
for  larks.  That's  all  I  sell,  unless  it's  a  few 
nettles  that's  ordered.  I  believe  they're  for  tea, 
sir.  I  gets  the  chickweed  at  Chalk  Farm.  I 
"pay  nothing  for  it.  I  gets  it  out  of  the  public 
fields.  Every  n<orning  about  seven  I  goes  for 
it.  The  grunsell  a  gentleman  gives  me  leave 
to  get  out  of  his  garden  :  that's  down  Battle- 
bridge  way,  in  the  Chalk-road,  leading  to  Hol- 
loway.  I  gets  there  every  morning  about  nine. 
I  goes  there  straight.  After  I  have  got  my  chick- 
weed,  I  generally  gathers  enough  of  each  to  make 
up  a  dozen  halfpenny  bunches.  The  turfs  I 
buys.  A  young  man  calls  here  with  them.  I 
pay  Id.  a  dozen  for  'em  to  him.  He  gets  them 
himself.  Sometimes  he  cuts  'em  at  Kilburn 
Wells  ;  and  Notting-hill  he  goes  to  sometimes, 
I  believe.  He  hires  a  spring  barrow,  weekly, 
to  take  them  about.  He  pays  4rf.  a  day,  I  be- 
lieve, for  the  barrow.  He  sells  the  turfs  to  the 
bird-shops,  and  to  such  as  me..  He  sells  a 
few  to  some  private  places.  I  gets  the  nettles 
at  Highgate.  I  don't  do  much  in  the  nettle 
line — there  ain't  much  call  for  it.  After  I've 
gathered  my  things  I  puts  them  in  my  basket, 
and  slings  'em  at  my  back,  and  starts  round 
London.  Low  Marrabun  I  goes  to  always  of  a 
Saturday  and  Wednesday.  I  goes  to  St.  P;:n- 
cras  on  a  Tuesday.  I  visit  Clerkenwell,  and 
Russell-square,  and  round  about  there,  on  a 
Monday.  I  goes  down  about  Covent-garden 
and  the  Strand  on  a  Thursday.  I  does  High 
Marrabun  on  a  Friday,  because  I  aint  able  to 
..uch  on  that  day,  lor  1  v  stui! 

on  the    Friday  for  Saturday.      1    find  Low  Mar- 
rabun ' 
and  grunsrll '  as  I  goes  along.     1  <!> 

.    I  know,  but 
,    at  the   business    about 
"i  out  in    usual    till  about  five 
I'm  walk- 
ing all   the   : 

!.  1  turned  round  and  found 
"lit.  I  asked  them  wlutlur 
iliout  one.  The  answer  was, 

' 
r  she  wim  ( 

the   blood,"   she  said, 

"   I  am  a 

I 


160 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


and  a  half  an  hour,  owing  to  my  right  side  be- 
ing paralysed.  My  leg  and  foot  and  all  is 
quite  dead.  I  goes  with  a  stick."  [The  wife 
brought  the  stick  out  from  a  corner  of  the  room 
to  sliow  me.  It  was  an  old  peculiarly  carved 
one,  with  a  bird  rudely  cut  out  of  wood  for  the 
handle,  and  a  snake  twisting  itself  up  the  stick.] 
"  I  walk  fifteen  miles  every  day  of  my  life,  that 
I  d0 — quite  that— excepting  Sunday,  in  course. 
1  generally  sell  the  chickweed  and  grunsell  and 
turfs,  all  to  the  houses,  not  to  the  shops.  The 
young  man  as  cut  the  turf  gathers  grunsell  as 
well  for  the  shops.  They're  tradespeople  and 
gentlefolks'  houses  together  that  I  sells  to — such 
as  keeps  canaries,  or  goldfinches,  or  linnets.  I 
charge  \d.  a  bunch  for  chickweed  and  grunsell 
together.  It 's  the  regular  charge.  The  net- 
tles is  ordered  in  certain  quantities  ;  I  don't  get 
them  unless  they're  ordered:  I  sells  these  in 
three-pennn'orths  at  a  time.  Why,  Saturday 
is  my  best  day,  and  that's  the  reason  why  I 
can't  spare  time  to  gather  on  that  day.  On 
Saturday  I  dare  say  I  gets  rid  on  two  dozen 
bunches  of  chickweed  and  grunsell.  On  the 
other  days,  sometimes,  I  goes  out  and  don't  sell 
above  five  or  six  bunches ;  at  other  times  I  get 
rid  on  a  dozen;  that  I  call  a  tidy  day's  work 
for  any  other  day  but  a  Saturday,  and  some  days 
I  don't  sell  as  much  as  a  couple  of  bunches  in 
the  whole  day.  Wednesday  is  my  next  best  day 
after  Saturday.  On  a  Wednesday,  sometimes, 
I  sell  a  dozen  and  a  half.  In  the  summer  I 
does  much  better  than  in  winter.  They  gives 
it  more  to  the  birds  then,  and  changes  it  oftener. 
I've  seed  a  matter  of  eight  or  nine  people  that 
sell  chickweed  and  grunsell  like  myself  in  the 
fields  where  I  goes  to  gather  it.  They  mostly 
all  goes  to  where  I  do  to  get  mine.  They  are 
a  great  many  that  sells  grunsell  about  the  streets 
in  London,  like  I  do.  I  dare  say  there  is  a 
hundred,  and  far  more  nor  that,  taking  one  place 
with  another.  I  takes  my  nettles  to  ladies' 
houses.  They  considers  the  nettles  good  for  the 
blood,  and  drinks  'em  at  tea,  mostly  in  the 
spring  and  autumn.  In  the  spring  I  generally 
sells  three  threepenn'  orths  of  'em  a  week,  and 
in  the  autumn  about  two  threepenn' orths.  The 
ladies  I  sell  the  nettles  to  are  mostly  sickly,  but 
sometimes  they  aint,  and  has  only  a  breaking  out 
in  the  skin,  or  in  their  face.  The  nettles  are 
mostly  taken  in  Low  Marrabun.  I  gathers 
more  than  all  for  Great  Titchfield- street.  The 
turfs  I  sell  mostly  in  London- street,  in  Marra- 
bun and  John-street,  and  Carburton-street,  and 
Portland- street,  and  Berners,  and  all  about 
there.  I  sells  about  three  dozen  of  turfs  a 
week.  I  sells  them  at  three  and  four  a  penny. 
I  charges  them  at  three  a  penny  to  gentlefolks 
and  four  a  penny  to  tradespeople.  I  pays  2d.  a 
dozen  for  'em  and  so  makes  from  Id.  to  Id.  a 
dozen  out  of  'em.  I  does  trifling  with  these  in 
the  winter — about  two  dozen  a  week,  but  always 
three  dozen  in  the  summer.  Of  the  chickweed 
and  grunsell  I  sells  from  six  to  seven  dozen 
bunches  a  week  in  the  summer,  and  about  four 
or  five  dozen  bunches  in  the  winter.  I  sells 


mostly  to  regular  customers,  and  a  very  ferv  to 
chance  ones  that  meet  me  in  the  street.  The 
chance  customers  come  mostly  in  the  summer 
times.  Altogether  I  should  say  with  my  regu- 
lar and  chance  customers  I  make  from  4s.  to  5s. 
a  week  in  the  summer,  and  from  3s.  to  4s.  in  the 
winter.  That's  as  near  as  I  can  tell.  LastMon- 
day  I  was  out  all  day,  and  took  IJrf. ;  Tuesday 
I  took  about  5\d. ;  Wednesday  I  got  9*rf.; 
Thursday  I  can't  hardly  recollect,  not  to  tell 
the  truth  about  it.  But  oh,  dear  me,  yes  I 
wasn't  allowed  to  go  out  on  that  day.  We  was 
given  to  understand  nothing  was  allowed  to  be 
sold  on  that  day.  They  told  us  it  were  the 
Thanksgiving-day.  I  was  obliged  to  fast  on 
that  day.  We  did  have  a  little  in  the  morning, 
a  trifle,  but  not  near  enough.  Friday  I  came 
home  with  nigh  upon  6d.,  and  Saturday  I  got 
Is.,  and  3d.  after  when  I  went  out  at  night.  I 
goes  into  Leather-lane  every  Saturday  night,  and 
stands  with  my  basket  there,  so  that  altogether, 
last  week  I  made  3s.  1  \d.  But  that  was  a  slack 
week  with  me,  owing  to  my  having  lost  Thurs- 
day. If  it  hadn't  been  for  that  I  should  have 
made  near  upon  4s.  We  felt  the  loss  very 
severely.  Prices  have  come  down  dreadful 
with  us.  The  same  bunches  as  I  sell  now  for 
\d.  I  used  to  get  Id.  for  nine  or  ten  years  ago. 
I  dare  say  I  could  earn  then,  take  one  day  with 
another,  such  a  thing  as  7s.  a  week,  summer 
and  winter  through.  There's  so  many  at  it 
now  to  what  there  was  afore,  that  it's  difficult 
to  get  a  living,  and  the  ladies  are  veiy  hard  with 
a  body.  They  tries  to  beat  me  down,  and  par- 
ticular in  the  matter  of  turfs.  They  tell  me 
they  can  buy  half-a-dozen  for  Id.,  so  I'm  obli- 
gated to  let  'em  have  three  or  four.  There's  a 
many  women  at  the  business.  I  hardly  know 
which  is  the  most,  men  or  women.  There's 
pretty  nigh  as  much  of  one  as  the  other,  I 
think.  I  am  a  bed-sacking  weaver  by  trade. 
When  I  worked  at  it  I  used  to  get  15s.  a  week 
regularly.  But  I  was  struck  with  paralysis 
nearly  nineteen  years  ago,  and  lost  the  use  of 
all  one  side,  so  I  was  obleeged  to  turn  to  sum- 
mut  else.  Another  grunseller  told  me  on  the 
business,  and  what  he  got,  and  I  thought  I 
couldn't  do  no  better.  That's  a  favourite  linnet. 
We  had  that  one  stuffed  there.  A  young  man 
that  I  knew  stuffed  it  for  me.  I  was  very  sorry 
when  the  poor  thing  died.  I've  got  another 
little  linnet  up  there."  "  I'm  particular  fond 
of  little  birds,"  said  the  wife.  "  I  never  was 
worse  off  than  I  am  now.  I  pays  2s.  a  week 
rent,  and  we  has,  take  one  time  with  another, 
about  3s.  for  the  four  of  us  to  subsist  upon  for 
the  whole  seven  days  ;  yes,  that,  take  one  time 
with  another,  is  generally  what  I  do  have.  We 
very  seldom  has  any  meat.  This  day  week  we 
got  a  pound  of  pieces.  I  gave  4rf.  for  'em. 
Everything  that  will  pledge  I've  got  in  pawn. 
I've  been  obliged  to  let  them  go.  I  can't 
exactly  say  how  much  I've  got  in  pledge,  but 
you  can  see  the  tickets."  [The  wife  brought 
out  a  tin  box  full  of  duplicates.  They  were  for 
the  usual  articles — coats,  shawls,  shirts,  .- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  1'OOIL  llU 


:  iTION,  ETC. 

[From  a  1'hotoyr 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


163 


handkerchiefs,  indeed  almost  every  article   of 

wearing-apparel  and  bedding.     The  sums  lent 

were  mostly  C:</.  and  9d.,  while  some  ran  as  high 

The   dates  of  many  were  last  year,  and 

these   had   been    backed    for    three    months.] 

<;  I've  been  paying   interest    for   many  of  the 

things  there  for  seven   years.     I    pay    for  the 

..  that  is  1/f.  for  the   bat-king,   and 

1J<J.  for  the  three  months'  interest.      I  pay  oV.  a 

year  interest  on  every  one  of  the  tickets.     If  its 

•'..  I  have  to  pay  \d.  a  month  interest  just 

the  same,  but  nothing  for  the  ticket   when  we 

put  it  in."     The  number  of  duplicates  v 

and  the  gross  sum  amounted  to  1  /.  \s.  iv/.     One 

of  the  duplicates  was  for  -Id.  ;  nine  were  for  (u/., 

two  for  9</.,   nine  were  for   Is.,  two  for  Is.  6d., 

one  for  Is.  3d.,  one  for  Is.  7d.  and  two  for  2s. 

"  The  greatest   comfort  I   should   like  to  have 

would   be    something   more  on   our  beds.     We 

idful    cold    of   a    night,  on   account    of 

:hin  clad.     I   have   no   petticoats  at  all. 

ve  no  blankets— of  late  years   I  haven't 

had  any.      The  warm  clothing  would   be   the 

-ing  I  could  ask.     I'm  not   at  all 

nted  at  my   lot.     That  wouldn't   mend 

i:.     We  strive  and  do  the  best  we  can,  and  may 

r.s  well  be  contented  over  it     I  think  its  God's 

*.vill  we  should  be  as  we  are.      Providence  is 

me.  even  badly  off  as  we  are.     I  know 

[]  for  the  best." 

There  are  no  "  pitches,"  or  stands,   for  the 

sale  ol  ts;  but,  from  the 

i  could  acquire,  there  are  now 

1,000  itinerants  selling  ground>cl,  each  person 

.Mchos  a  day.      We 

:,r,  which,  at 

|rf.  e.i.  :  .700/.  —about  if.  'Id.  \ 

per  head  of  sellers  of  groundsel.     The  "oldest 
band"  man  whos. 

nd  likene>  lc  continues 

season 

•luliv'.-luai 

the  other  mouths  half 
;  Ih  hunches. 
The 

jpng  it  .  :    in  :  il.  1' 

Hire  is  necessary;  they  pluck  the  groin 

.  and  is 
[•Mt  generally  mixed  v>  d  plnn- 

. 
ale  of  groi. 

_',  to  the  total  amount. 

••    total 

'•  street- s< .  at  the 

account  of  the  trade  < 

te  groundsel  and  chick  weed- seller* 
••>c  callings  arc  c 

*P' 
— ,  who  "dill; 


On  the  publication  of  this  account  in  the 
Morning  Chronicle,  several  sums  were  forwarded 
to  the  office  of  that  journal  for  the  benefit  of 
this  family.  These  were  the  means  of  removing 
them  to  a  more  comfortable  home,  of  redeeming 
their  clothing,  and  in  a  measure  realizing  the 
wishes  of  the  poor  woman. 

OF  TURF  CUTTINC,  AND  SELLING. 

A  man  long  familiar  with  this  trade,  and  who 
knew  almost  every  member  of  it  individually, 
counted  for  me  3u'  turi'-cutters.  to  his  own  know- 
ledge, and  was  confident  that  there  were  40  turf- 
cutters  and  GO  sellers  in  London;  the  addition 
of  the  sellers,  however,  is  but  that  of  10  women, 
who  assist  their  husbands  or  fathers  in  tin 
sales, — but  no  women  cut  turf, — and  of  10  men 
who  sell,  but  buy  of  the  cutters. 

The  turf  is  simply  a  sod,  but  it  is  considered 
indispensable  that  it  should  contain  the  leaves 
of  the  "  small  Dutch  clover,"  (the  shamrock  of 
the  Irish),  the  most  common  of  all  the  trefoils. 
The  turf  is  used  almost  entirely  for  the  food  and 
roosting-place  of  the  caged  sky-larks.  Indeed 
one  turf-cutter  said  to  me:  "  It's  only  people 
that  don't  understand  it  that  gives  turf  to  othei 
birds,  but  of  course  if  we're  asked  about  it,  we 
s  ;v  it's  good  for  every  bird,  pigeons  and  chickens 
r.nd  all;  and  very  likely  it  is  if  they  choose  to 
have  it."  The  principal  places  for  the  cutting 
of  turf  are  at  present  Shepherd's  Hush,  Noiting 
Hill,  the  Caledonian  Road,  Ilampstead,  High- 
gate.  Hornsey,  Peckham,  :iml  Battersea.  Chalk 
Farm  was  an  excellent  place,  but  it  is  now 
exhausted,  "fairly  flayed"  of  the  shamrocks. 
Parts  of  Camden  Town  were  also  fertile  in  tun", 
but  they  have  been  built  over.  Hackney  was  ;i 
district  to  which  the  turf-cutters  resorted,  but 
e  now  forbidden  to  cut  sods  there.  Ilamp- 
stead Hi  nth  used  to  be  another  harvest-field  for 
there  turf-purveyors,  but  tiny  an-  now  prohibited 
from  "  so  much  as  sticking  a  knife,  into  the 
Heath;"  but  turf-cutting  is  carried  on  surrepti- 
tion-ly  on  ail  th.  :h.  1<  i 

U  told. 

among    some    real    Londoners    that    llampsti.-ul 
best    turf  of  any  plaiv. 

Cambcrwill.  Krv.ningtou.  Clnpham,  1'uti. 

,nd    t<>    the    tun   I 

"  O,  as  to  t!  •    •  i  H 

round  about  body,"  it  war. 

Bff  thought  of  cnt- 

r  turf  the:  >|>le  about,  if  they 

was  oni 

:    I  wasn't  in  the  turf-i 

turf  is  principally  rut 
liehK.  f«r  |  which 

seen  a  half-illegible  board,  inviting  tin- 
Attention  of  the  cl.  Mating  bui; 

places  are  open,  and  have  I  i  r  ' 
the  road;  others  arc  protect* 
rails,  n-i 

.  m  and  the  road,  they 


164 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


have  a  right  to  cut  turf,  unless  forbidden  by  the 
police.  The  fact  is,  that  they  cut  it  on  sufferance ; 
tut  the  policeman  never  interferes,  unless  re- 
quired to  do  so  by  the  proprietor  of  the  land  or 
Ids  agent.  One  gentleman,  who  has  the  control 
over  a  considerable  quantity  of  land  "eligible" 
for  building,  is  very  inimical  to  the  pursuits  of 
the  turf-cutters,  who,  of  course,  return  his  hos- 
tility. One  man  told  me  that  he  was  required, 
late  on  a  Saturday  night,  some  weeks  ago,  to 
supply  six  dozen  of  turfs  to  a  very  respectable 
shopkeeper,  by  ten  or  eleven  on  the  Sunday 
morning.  The  shopkeeper  had  an  aristocratic 
connection,  and  durst  not  disappoint  his  custom- 
ers in  their  demands  for  fresh  turf  on  the  Sun- 
day, so  that  the  cutter  must  supply  it.  In 
doing  so,  he  encountered  Mr. (the  gentle- 
man in  question),  who  was  exceedingly  angry 
with  him:  "You  d — d  poaching  thief!"  said 
the  gentleman,  "  if  this  is  the  way  you  pass  your 
Sunday,  I'll  give  you  in  charge."  One  turf- 
cutter,  I  was  informed,  had,  within  these  eight 
years,  paid  31.  15s.  fines  for  trespassing,  besides 
losing  his  barrow,  &c.,  on  every  conviction : 
"  But  he's  a  most  outdacious  fellor,"  I  was  told 
by  one  of  his  mates,  "  and  won't  mind  spoiling 
anybody's  ground  to  save  hisself  a  bit  of  trouble. 
There's  too  many  that  way,  which  gives  us  a  bad 
name."  Some  of  the  managers  of  the  land  to  be 
built  upon  give  the  turf-cutters  free  leave  to 
labour  in  their  vocation ;  others  sell  the  sods  for 
garden-plots,  or  use  them  to  set  out  the  gar- 
dens to  any  small  houses  they  may  be  connected 
with,  and  with  them  the  turf-cutters  have  no 
chance  of  turning  a  sod  or  a  penny. 

I  accompanied  a  turf-cutter,  to  observe  the 
manner  of  his  work.  We  went  to  the  neighbour- 
hood of  Highgate,  which  we  reached  a  little 
before  nine  in  the  morning.  There  was  nothing 
very  remarkable  to  be  observed,  but  the  scene 
was  not  without  its  interest.  Although  it  was 
nearly  the  middle  of  January,  the  grass  was 
very  green  and  the  weather  very  mild.  There 
happened  to  be  no  one  on  the  ground  but  my 
companion  and  myself,  and  in  some  parts  of  our 
progress  nothing  was  visible  but  green  fields 
with  their  fringe  of  dark-coloured  leafless  trees ; 
while  in  other  parts,  which  were  somewhat  more 
elevated,  glimpses  of  the  crowded  roof  of  an 
omnibus,  or  of  a  line  of  fleecy  white  smoke, 
showing  the  existence  of  a  railway,  testified  to 
the  neighbourhood  of  a  city  ;  but  no  sound  was 
heard  except,  now  and  then,  a  distant  railway 
whistle.  The  turf-cutter,  after  looking  carefully 
about  him — the  result  of  habit,  for  I  was  told 
afterwards,  by  the  policeman,  that  there  was  no 
trespass — set  rapidly  to  work.  His  apparatus 
was  a  sharp- pointed  table-knife  of  the  ordinary 
size,  which  he  inserted  in  the  ground,  and  made 
it  rapidly  describe  a  half-circle;  he  then  as 
rapidly  ran  his  implement  in  the  opposite  half- 
circle,  flung  up  the  sod,  and,  after  slapping  it 
with  his  knife,  cut  olf  the  lower  part  so  as  to 
leave  it  flat— working  precisely  as  does  a  butcher 
cutting  out  a  joint  or  a  chop,  and  reducing  the 
iat.  Small  holes  are  thus  left  in  the  ground— 


of  such  shape  and  size  as  if  deep  saucers  w  ;:e 
to  be  fitted  into  them — and  in  the  event  ot  a 
thunder-shower  in  droughty  weather,  they  bo- 
come  filled  with  water,  and  have  caused  a  puzzle- 
ment, I  am  told,  to  persons  taking  their  quiet 
walk  when  the  storm  had  ceased,  to  comprehend 
why  the  rain  should  be  found  to  gather  in  little 
circular  pools  in  some  parts,  and  not  in  others. 

The  man  I  accompanied  cut  and  shaped  six 
of  these  turfs  in  about  a  minute,  but  he  worked 
without   intermission,    and   rather  to   show  me 
with  what  rapidity  and  precision  he  could  cut, 
than  troubling  himself  to  select  what  was  sale- 
able.    After  that  we  diverged  in  the  direction 
of  Hampstcad;   and  in  a  spot  not  far  from   a 
temporary  church,  found   three  turf-cut; 
work, — but  they  worked  asunder,   and  without 
communication  one  with  another.    The  ti; 
soon  as  they  are  cut  and  shaped,  are  thro-, 
a  circular  basket,  and  when  the  basket 
it  is  emptied  on  to  the  barrow  (a  costermonger's 
barrow),  which  is  generally  left  untended  at  the 
nearest  point :  "  We  can  trust  one  another,  as 
far  as  I  know,"  said  one  turf-man  to  me,  "  and 
nobody  else  would  find  it  worth  while  to  steal 
turfs."     The  largest  number  of  men  that  my 
most  intelligent  informant  had  ever  seen  at  work 
in  one  locality  was  fourteen,  and  that  was  in  a 
field  just  about  to  be  built  over,  and  "  where 
they  had   leave."      Among  the  turf-purveyors 
there  is  no  understanding  as  to  where  ti 
to  "  cut."     Wet  weather  does  not  interfr: 
turf  procuring;  it  merely  adds  to  the 
and    consequently  to   the   toil    of  drawing   the 
barrow.     Snow  is   rather  an  advantage  to  tlu- 
street-seller,  as  purchasers  are  apt  to  iai. 
if  the  storm  continues,  turfs  will  not  be  obtain- 
able, and  so  they  buy  more  freely.     The  turf- 
man clears  the  snow  from  the  ground  in  any 
known  locality — the  cold  pinching  his  ungloved 
hands — and  cuts  out  the  turf,  "as  green. 
told,   "  as  an  April   sod."     The  weather  most 
dreaded  is  that  when  hoar  frost  lies  long  and 
heavy  on  the  ground,  for  the  turf  cut  with  the 
rime  upon  it  soon  turns  black,  and  is  unsaleable. 
Foggy  dark  weather  is  also  prejudicial, 
then,"  one  man  said,  "  the  days  clips  it  uncom- 
mon short,  and  people  won't  buy  by  cams. 
no  more  will  the  shops.    Birds  has  gone  to  sleep 
then,  and  them   that's  fondest  on  then 
'  We  can  get  fresher  turf  to-morrow.'  "     The 
gatherers  cannot  work  by  moonlight ;  "  for  the 
clover  leaves  then  shuts  up,"  I  was  told  by  one 
who  said  he  was  a  bit  of  a  botanist,  "  like  the 
lid  of  a  box,  and  you  can't  tell  them." 

One  of  my  informants  told  me  that  he  cut 
25  dozen  turfs  every  Friday  (the  great  working 
turf- day)  of  the  year  on  an  average  (he  some- 
times cut  on  that  day  upwards  of  30  dozen) ; 
17  dozen  on  a  Tuesday;  and  6  dozen  on  the 
other  days  of  the  week,    more  or  less,  as  the 
demand  justified  — but  (>  dozen  was  an  a 
He  had  also  cut  a  few  turfs  on  a  Sunday  morii- 
ing,  but  only  at  long  intervals,  sometime 
thrice  a  year.     Thus  one  man  will  cut 
dozen,  cr  29,952  turfs  in  a  year,  not  rcc' 


LONDON  L.iliO'JR  J$D  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ibc  product  of  any  Sunday.  From  the  best 
information  I  could  acquire,  there  seems  no 
doubt  but  that  one-half  of  the  turf-cutters  (20) 
exert  a  similar  degree  of  industry  to  that  de- 
tailed; and  the  other  20  procure  a  moiety  of  the 
quantity  cut  and  disposed  of  by  their  stronger 
and  more  fortunate  brethren.  This  gives  an 
aggregate,  for  an  average  year,  of  598,560  turfs, 
or  including  Sunday  turf-cutting,  of  600,000. 
Each  turf  is  about  6  inches  diameter  at  the 
least ;  so  that  the  whole  extent  of  turf  cut  for 
London  birds  yearly,  if  placed  side  by  side, 
would  extend  fifty- six  miles,  or  from  London  to 
Canterbury. 

In  wet  weather,  6  dozen  turfs  weigh,  on  an 
average,  1  cwt ;  in  dry  weather,  8  dozen  weigh 
no  more ;  if,  therefore,  we  take  7  dozen  as  the 
usual  hundred-weight,  a  turf-cutter  of  the  best 
class  carries,  in  basket-loads,  to  his  barrow,  and 
when  his  stock  is  completed,  drags  into  town 
from  the  localities  I  have  specified,  upwards 
of  3J  cwt.  every  Friday,  nearly  2J  every  Tues- 
day, and  about  7  cwt.  in  the  course  of  a  week ; 
the  smaller  traders  drag  half  the  quantity, — and 
The  total  weight  of  turf  disposed  of  for  the  cage- 
birds  of  London,  every  year,  is  546  tons. 

Of  the  supply  of  turf,  obtained  as  I  have 
described,  at  least  three-fourths  is  sold  to  the 
bird-shops,  who  retail  it  to  their  customers.  The 
price  paid  by  these  shopkeepers  to  the  labourers 
for  their  turf  trade  is  Id.  and  1\d.  a  dozen,  but 
rarely  1\d.  They  retail  it  at  from  3d.  to  6d. 
a  dozen,  according  to  connection  and  locality. 
The  remainder  is  sold  by  the  cutters  on  their 
rounds  from  house  to  house,  at  two  and  three  a 
penny. 

None  of  the  turf-cutters  confine  themselves 
They  sell  in  addition  groundsel,  chick- 
weed,  plaintain,  very  generally ;  and  a  few  sup- 
ply nettles,  dandelion,  ground-ivy,  snails,  worms, 
.•nd  toads.  The  sellers  of  groundsel  and 
duckweed  arc  far  more  numerous,  as  I  have 
shown,  than  the  turf-cutters — indeed  many  of 
them  arc  incapable  of  cutting  turf  or  of  drag- 
ght  of  the  turfs. 

OF  Tin:  I.  AND  CUSTOMLKS  or 

A  TURF- CUTTER. 

:  but  strongly-built  man,  of  about  thirty, 
with  a  very  English  face,  and  dressed  in  a 
Knock- fror;.  -o  very  strong  unblacked 

;ave  me  the  following  account : — 
lather,"  h-  iu  tin-  Karl  of 

'&  service,  and  I  \, 

work.     I  was  employed  in  a  large  coach' 

;t  about  ten  years  ago  a  railv- . 

'aching  was  no 
;   it  hadn't  a  chance  t< 
i  was  sold,  and  I  was  <  with  a 

!•>  do,  conn   • 

v.hat  little   • 
i    pick  up  in 


I  came  up  that  I  might  get  something  to  do 
through  my  lord,  or  some  of  his  people — they 
all  knew  me :  but  my  lord  was  abroad,  and  his 
establishment  wasn't  in  town,  and  I  had  to 
'  depend  entirely  on  myself.  I  was  beat  out  three 
1  or  four  times,  and  didn't  know  what  to  do,  but 
somehow  or  other  I  got  over  it.  At  last — it  ls 
between  eight  and  nine  years  ago — I  was  fairly 
beat  out.  I  was  taking  a  walk — I  can't  say  just 
now  in  what  way  I  went,  for  it  was  all  one 
which  way — but  I  remember  I  saw  a  man  cut- 
ting turf,  and  I  remembered  then  that  a  man 
that  lived  near  me  lived  pretty  middling  by 
turf-cutting.  So  I  watched  how  it  was  done, 
and  then  I  inquired  how  I  could  get  into  it,  and 
as  I  '(I  paid  my  way  I  could  give  reference  to 
show  I  might  be  trusted ;  so  I  got  a  barrow  on 
hire,  and  a  basket,  and  bought  a  knife  for  3d.  at 
a  marine-shop,  and  set  to  work.  At  first  I  only 
supplied  shops,  but  in  a  little  time  I  fell  into  a 
private  round,  and  that  pays  better.  I've  been 
at  it  almost  every  day,  I  may  say,  ever  since. 
My  best  customers  are  working  people  that's 
fond  of  birds;  they're  far  the  best  It's  the 
ready  penny  with  them,  and  no  grumbling. 
I've  lost  money  by  trusting  noblemen;  of  course 
I  blame  their  servants.  You'd  be  surprised,  sir, 
to  hear  how  often  at  rich  folks'  houses,  when 
they've  taken  their  turf  or  what  they  want, 
they'll  take  credit  and  say,  '  O,  I've  got  no 
change,'  or  '  I  can't  be  bothered  with  ha'pence,' 
or  'you  must  call  again.'  There's  one  great 
house  in  Cavendish  -  square  always  takes  a 
month's  credit,  and  pays  one  month  within  an- 
other (pays  the  first  month  as  the  second  is 
failing  due),  and  not  always  that  very  regular. 
They  can't  know  how  poor  men  has  to  fight  for 
a  bit  of  bread.  Some  people  are  very  particular 
about  their  turfs,  and  look  very  sharp  for  the 
•  small  clover  leaves.  We  never  have  turfs  left 
on  hand;  in  summer  we  w::ter  them  to  keep 
them  fresh;  in  wet  weather  they  don't  require 
it ;  they'll  keep  without.  I  think  I  make  on 
turf  9s.  a  week  all  the  year  round ;  the  sum- 
mer's half  as  good  again  as  the  winter.  Sup- 
posing I  make  3s.  a  week  on  groundsel,  and 
chicKwced,  and  snails,  and  other  things,  that's 
12s. — but  look  you  here,  sir.  I  pay  3.v.  6d.  a 
week  for  my  rent— it's  a  furnished  room — and 
Is.  Cxi.  a  week  for  my  barrow;  that's  5s.  off  the 
12s.;  and  I've  a  wife  and  one  little  boy.  My 
wife  may  get  a  day  at  least  every  week  at 
charring;  she  has  l.s.  for  ii  and  her  l>"-ird.  She 
helps  me  when  she's  not  out,  and  if  she  is  out, 
:  have  to  hire  a  hid,  so  it's  no  great 

advantage  the  shilling  a  day.      I've  paid    i 

lor  my  harrow — it's  a  very  good  and  big- 
one —  for  lour   years.      I'efnre   that  I   paid  '2.t.  ;i 
.    I    know  very  well,   that  at 
]x.  (ii/.    .  ',          naid  nearly  H/.  lor  a  harrow 

':  help  i!  ;    1 
can';.      I've   tried   my   hardest   to   get    ir«. 

my  own.   and   tO 

(furtri  :.io.      It's  m>  use  trying 

1    .i    tew  si, 

-.-il.d-  thcn-'s 


16* 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.' 


something  else,  or  my  wife  has  a  fit  of  sickness, 
or  my  little  boy  lias,  or  something's  sure  to 
happen  that  way,  and  it  all  goes.  Last  winter 
was  a  very  hard  time  for  people  in  my  way, 
from  hoar"  frost  and  fogs.  I  ran  near  31.  into 
debt ;  greater  part  of  it  for  house-rent  and  my 
barrow ;  the  rest  was  small  sums  borrowed  of 
shopkeepers  that  I  served.  I  paid  all  up  in  the 
summer,  but  I'm  now  14-5.  in  debt  for  my  bar- 
row; it  always  keeps  me  back;  the  man  that 
owns  it  calls  every  Sunday  morning,  but  he 
don't  press  me,  if  I  haven't  money.  I  would 
get  out  of  the  life  if  I  could,  but  will  anybody 
take  a  groom  out  of  the  streets  ?  and  I'm  not 
master  of  anything  but  grooming.  I  can  read 
and  write.  I  was  brought  up  a  Roman  Catholic, 
and  was  christened  one.  I  never  go  to  mass 
now.  One  gets  out  of  the  way  of  such  things, 
having  to  fight  for  a  living  as  I  have.  It  seems 
like  mocking  going  to  chapel,  when  you're 
grumbling  in  your  soul." 

OF  PLANTAIN-SELLERS. 

PLANTAIN  is  sold  extensively,  and  is  given  to 
canaries,  but  water-cress  is  given  to  those  birds 
more  than  any  other  green  thing.  It  is  the  ripe 
seed,  in  a  spike,  of  the  "  great"  and  the  "ribbed" 
plantain.  The  green  leaves  of  the  last-men- 
tioned plant  used  to  be  in  demand  as  a  styptick. 
Shenstone  speaks  of  "  plantain  ribbed,  that  heals 


the  reaper's  wound."  I  believe  that  it  was 
never  sold  in  the  streets  of  London.  The  most 
of  the  plantain  is  gathered  in  the  brick-fields, 
wherever  they  are  found,  as  the  greater  plan- 
tain, which  gives  three-fourths  of  the  supply, 
loves  an  arid  situation.  It  is  sold  in  hands  to 
he  shops,  about  60  "  heads "  going  to  a 
"  hand,"  at  a  price,  according  to  size,  £c., 
from  Id.  to  4rf.  On  a  private  round,  five  or 
six  are  given  for  a  halfpenny.  It  is,  however, 
generally  gathered  and  sold  with  chickweed, 
and  along  with  chiekweed  I  have  shown  the 
quantity  used. 


The  money-value  of  the  several  kinds  and 
quantities  of  *"  green-stuff"  annually  purchased 
in  the  streets  of  London  is  as  follows  :  — 

6,696,450  bunches  of  water-cresses,  \ 
at  \d.  per  bunch  .....  / 

5,616,000         „         groundsel,  at  \d. 

1,120,800         „         chickweed    and) 
plantain    ........  / 

660;000  turfs,  at  2±d.  per  doz.  . 


11,700 


520 


28,501 

Of  the  above  amount,  it  may  be  said  that 
i:pwavds  of  14.000/.  are  spent  yearly  on  what 
may  be  called  the  bird-food  of  London. 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  EATABLES  AND  DRINKABLES. 


THESE  dealers  were,  more  numerous,  even  when 
the  metropolitan  population  was  but  half  its 
present  extent.  I  heard  several  causes  assigned 
for  this, — such  as  the  higher  rate  of  earnings 
of  the  labouring  people  at  that  time,  as  well 
as  the  smaller  number  of  shopkeepers  who 
deal  in  such  cheap  luxuries  as  penny  pies, 
and  the  fewer  places  of  cheap  amusement, 
such  as  the  "penny  gaffs."  These  places,  I 
was  told,  "run  away  with  the  young  people's 
pennies,"  which  were,  at  one  period,  expended 
in  the  streets. 

The  class  engaged  in  the  manufacture,  or  in 
the  sale,  of  these  articles,  are  a  more  intelligent 
people  than  the  generality  of  street- sellers. 
They  have  nearly  all  been  mechanics  who,  from 
inability  to  procure  employment  at  their  several 
•crafts — from  dislike  to  an  irksome  and,  perhaps, 
sedentary  confinement — or  from  an  overpower- 
ing desire  "to  be  their  own  masters."  have 
sought  a  livelihood  in  the  streets.  The  purchase 
and  sale  of  fish,  fruit,  or  vegetables  require  no 

Sreat   training    or  deftness ;    but   to   make  the 
ainties,  in  which  street-people  are  critical,  and 
to  sell  them  at  the  lowest  possible  price,  certainly 
requires   some  previous   discipline    to   produce 
the  skill  to  combine  and  the  taste  to  please. 

I  may  here  observe,  that  I  found  ft  common 
enough  among  these  street-sellers  to  describe 


themselves  and  their  fraternity  not  by  their 
names  or  callings,  but  by  the  article  in  which 
they  deal.  This  is  sometimes  ludicrous  enough  : 
"  Is  the  man  you're  asking  about  a  pickled 
whelk,  sir?"  was  said  to  me.  In  answer  to 
another  inquiry,  I  was  told,  "  Oh,  yes,  I  know 
him  —  he's  a  sweet-stuff."  Sucn  ellipses,  or 
abbreviations,  are  common  in  all  mechanical  or 
commercial  callings. 

Men  and  women,  and  most  especially  hoys, 
purchase  their  meals  day  after  day  in  the  streets. 
The  coffee-stall  supplies  a  warm  breakfast ; 
shell- fish  of  many  kinds  tempt  to  a  luncheon ; 
hot-eels  or  pea-soup,  flanked  by  a  potato  "all 
hot,"  serve  for  a  dinner;  and  cakes  and  tarts, 
or  nuts  and  oranges,  with  many  varieties  of 
pastry,  confectionary,  and  fruit,  woo  to  indul- 
gence in  a  dessert ;  while  for  supper  there  is  a 
sandwich,  a  meat  pudding,  or  a  "  trotter." 

The  street  provisions  consist  of  cooked  or 
prepared  victuals,  which  may  be  divided  into 
solids,  pastry,  confectionary,  and  drinkables. 

The  "  solids  "  however,  of  these  three  divi- 
sions, are  such  as  only  regular  street-buyers 
consider  to  be  sufficing  for  a  substantial  meal, 
for  it  will  be  seen  that  the  comestibles  accounted 
"good  for  dinner,"  are  all  of  a  dainty,  rather 
than  a  solid  character.  Men  whose  lives,  as  I 
have  before  stated,  are  alternations  of  starvation 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


161 


and  surfeit,  love  some  easily- swallowed  and 
comfortable  food,  better  than  the  most  approved 
substantiality  of  a  dinner-table.  I  was  told  by 
a  man,  who  was  once  foodless  for  thirty-eight 
hours,  that  in  looking  into  the  window  of  a  cook- 
shop — he  longed  far  more  for  a  basin  of  soup 
than  for  a  cut  from  the  boiled  round,  or  the 
roasted  ribs,  of  beef.  He  felt  a  gnawing  rather 
than  a  ravenous  desire,  and  some  tasty  semi- 
liquid  was  the  incessant  object  of  his  desires. 

The  solids  then,  according  to  street  estima- 
tion, consist  of  hot-eels,  pickled  whelks,  oysters, 
sheep's- trotters,  pea-soup,  fried  fish,  ham- sand- 
wiches, hot  green  peas,  kidney  puddings,  boiled 
meat  puddings,  beef,  mutton,  kidney,  and  eel 
pies,  and  baked  potatos.  In  each  of  these  pro- 
visions the  street  poor  find  a  mid- day  or  mid- 
uight  meal. 

The  pastry  and  confectionary  which  tempt 
the  street  eaters  are  tarts  of  rhubarb,  currant, 
gooseberry,  cherry,  apple,  damson,  cranberry, 
and  (so  called)  mince  pies;  plum  dough  and 
plum-cake;  lard,  currant,  almond  and  many 
other  varieties  of  cakes,  as  well  as  of  tarts ; 

jread  -  nuts  and  heart-cakes  ;  Chelsea 
muffins  and  crumpets  ;  "  sweet  stuff" 
includes  the  several  kinds  of  rocks,  sticks,  lozen- 
ges, candies,  and  hard-bakes;  the  medicinal 
confectionary  of  cough-drops  and  horehound; 
and,  lastly,  the  more  novel  and  aristocratic 
luxury  of  street-ices  ;  and  strawberry  cream,  at 
1  d.  a  glr.ss,  (in  Greenwich  Park). 

drinkables  are   tea,    cofiec,   and   cocoa ; 
-  beer,    lemonade,    Persian    sherbet,    and 

:  ighly-coloured  beverages  which  have  no 
specific  name,  but  are  introduced  to  the  public 

Cooling  "    drinks;  hot    elder    cordial   or 

wine  ;    peppermint   water  ;  curds   and   whey  ; 

Hampstcad)  ;  rice  milk  ;  and  milk 

t  periods  there  have  been  attempts  to 
:ce  more  substantial  viands  into  the  street 
.'.dc,    but    all    within    these    twenty 
:»ve  been  exceptional  and  unsuccessful, 
lew  years  back  established  a  port- 
'ok-shop    in    Leather-lane,    cutting   out 
is  of  the  joints  to  be  carried  away  or  eaten 
spot,  at  the   buyer's  option.     But  the 
•peculation    was    a    failure.       Black    puddings 
u*ed  to  l>c  sold,  until  a  ;  .r-k,  smoking 

from    cans,  potato    c:. 

places  as  t!  .    but  the  b 

Auspicious  articles  gradually 

•Ji,  who  is  an  acute  observer 
in  all  *  cle  on 

l,  offering  all  the  advan- 
tages of  one  of  those   . 

lot.     Had  IK-  .1  few  pence, 

well  as    a: 
•    • 
going 


find  a  difficulty  in  procuring,  but  as  the  more 
cunning  gaormands  do  not  believe  these  deli- 
cacies to  be  fish  at  all,  but  merely  little  bits 
of  light  pie- crust  fried  in  grease; — and  as 
moreover,  the  brown  bread  and  butter  is  after 
all  the  grand  attraction, — the  boy  might  soon 
find  a  substitute.  Then  would  come  the 
potatos,  apparently  giving  out  so  much  steam 
that  the  can  which  contains  them  seems  in 
momentary  danger  of  blowing  up  ;  large,  hot, 
mealy  fellows,  that  prove  how  unfounded  were 
the  alarms  of  the  bad-crop-ites ;  and  he  might 
next  have  a  course  of  boiled  feet  of  some  animal 
or  other,  which  he  would  be  certain  to  find  in 
front  of  the  gin-shop.  Cyder-cups  perhaps  he 
would  not  get;  but  there  would  be  'ginger- 
beer  from  the  fountain,  at  Id.  per  glass ;'  and 
instead  of  mulled  claret,  he  could  indulge  in 
hot  elder  cordial ;  whilst  for  dessert  he  could 
calculate  upon  all  the  delicacies  of  the  season, 
from  the  salads  at  the  corner  of  Wych-street 
to  the  baked  apples  at  Temple  Bar.  None  of 
these  things  would  cost  more  than  a  penny  a 
piece  ;  some  of  them  would  be  under  that  sum  ; 
and  since  as  at  Verey's,  and  some  other  foreign 
restaurateurs,  there  is  no  objection  to  your 
dividing  the  "portions,"  the  boy  might,  if  he 
felt  inclined  to  give  a  dinner  to  a  friend,  get  off 
under  Qd.  There  would  be  the  digestive 
advantage  too  of  moving  leisurely  about  from 
one  course  to  another  ;  and,  above  all,  there 
would  be  no  fee  to  waiters."  After  alluding 
to  the  former  glories  of  some  of  the  street- 
stands,  more  especially  of  the  kidney  pudding 
establishments  which  displayed  rude  transpa- 
rencies, one  representing  the  courier  of  St. 
Petersburg  riding  six  horses  at  once  for  a 
kidney  pudding,  Mr.  Smith  continues, — "  But 
of  all  these  eating- stands  the  chief  favourite 
with  the  boy  is  the  potato-can.  They  collect 
around  it  as  they  would  do  on  'Change,  and 
there  talk  over  local  matters,  or  discuss  the 
affairs  of  the  adjacent  cab-stand,  in  which  they 
are  at  times  joined  by  the  waterman  whom  they 
respect,  more  so  perhaps  than  the  policeman  ; 
certainly  more  than  they  do  the  street -keeper, 
for  him  they  especially  delight  to  annoy,  and 

•tch  any  of  their  fellows  eating  a  potato, 
with  a  curiosity  and  an  attention  most  remark- 
able,   as    it'   no    two    j><  rsons    fed    in    the 
manner,   an  :  unething   strange 

or  <1'.\  :j>pen  at  every  mouthful." 

A  gentleman,  who  has  takui  an  artist's  inte- 
rest in   all   connected  with  the  streets,  and  has 

:,iiliar  with  their  daily  and  nightly  I 

;inencement  of  the  pnsiut  eentnry, 

.:  the  great  change  is  not  so  much 

in  what  has  ceased  to  be  sold,  but  in  the  intro- 

as   pint-applet    and    Hra/il-nuts    rhubarb    and 

cucumbers,    ham-san.lwi. 

The    COfl'eo-i.t.ill,    lie    represents  ha  -    1  lit    Miper- 

ouslv  spoken) ;  \.  1, 


periwinkles.     Whitebait,  to  be  sure,  he  would 


i.ow  support 
the  pi;  trance  of  the 


168 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


two  stalls,  however,  seen  before  dayoreak,  with 
Their  respective  customers,  on  a  bleak  winter's 
morning,  was  very  different.  Round  the  saloop- 
stall  was  a  group — hardly  discernible  at  a  little 
distance  in  the  dimly-lighted  streets — the  pro- 
minent figures  being  of  two  callings  now  extinct 
— the  climbing-boy  and  the  old  hackney-coach- 
man. 

The  little  sweep  wouldhave  his  saloop  smoking 
hot — and  there  was  the  common  appliance  of  a 
charcoal  grate — regaling  himself  with  the  sa- 
voury steam  until  the  mess  was  cool  enough  for 
liim  to  swallow  ;  whilst  he  sought  to  relieve  his 
naked  feet  from  the  numbing  effects  of  the  cold 
by  standing  now  on  the  right  foot  and  now  on 
the  left,  and  swinging  the  other  to  and  fro,  until 
a  change  of  posture  was  necessitated ;  his  white 
teeth  the  while  gleamed  from  his  sooty  visage  as 
he  gleefully  licked  his  lips  at  the  warm  and  oily 
breakfast. 

The  old  hackney-coachman  was  wrapped  up 
in  a  many-caped  great  coat,  drab — when  it  left 
the  tailor's  hands  some  years  before — but  then 
worn  and  discoloured,  and,  perhaps,  patched  or 
tattered;  its  weight  alone,  however,  communi- 
cated a  sort  of  warmth  to  the  wearer ;  his  legs 
were  closely  and  artistically  "  wisped"  with  hay- 
bands;  and  as  he  kept  smiting  his  chest  with  his 
arms,  "to  keep  the  cold  out,"  while  his  saloop 
was  cooling,  he  would,  in  no  very  gentle  terms, 
express  his  desire  to  add  to  its  comforting  in- 
fluence the  stimulant  of  a  "  flash  of  lightning," 
u  "  go  of  rum,"  or  a  "  glass  of  max," — for  so  a 
dram  of  neat  spirit  was  then  called. 

The  old  watchman  of  that  day,  too,  almost  as 
heavily  coated  as  the  hackneyman,  would  some- 
times partake  of  the  street  "  Saloop-loop-loop  ! 
£a-loop  !  "  The  woman  of  the  town,  in  "  looped 
and  windowed  raggedness,"  the  outcast  of  the 
very  lowest  class,  was  at  the  saloop,  as  she  is 
now  and  then  at  the  coffee-stall,  waiting  until 
daylight  drove  her  to  her  filthy  lodging-house. 
But  the  climbing-boy  has,  happily,  left  no  suc- 
cessor ;  the  hackneyman  has  been  succeeded  by 
the  jauntier  cabman;  and  the  taciturn  old 
watchman  by  the  lounging  and  trim  policeman. 

Another  class  of  street- sellers,  no  longer  to 
be  seen,  were  the  "  barrow- women."  They  sold 
fruit  of  all  kinds,  little  else,  in  very  clean  white 
barrows,  and  their  fruit  was  excellent,  and  pur- 
chased by  the  wealthier  classes.  They  were,  for 
the  most  part,  Irish  women,  and  some  were  re- 
markable for  beauty.  Their  dress  was  usually 
?.  good  chintz  gown,  the  skirt  being  tidily  tucked 
or  pinned  up  behind,  "in  away,"  said  one  in- 
formant, "  now  sometimes  seen  on  the  stage  \vhen 
correctness  of  costume  is  cared  for."  These 
women  were  prosperous  in  their  calling,  nor  was 
there  any  imputation  on  their  chastity,  as  the 
mothers  were  almost  always  wives. 

Concerning  the  bygone  street-cries,  I  had 
clso  the  following  account  from  the  personal 
observation  of  an  able  correspondent :  — 

"First  among  the  old  'mnsical  cries.'  may 
be  cited  the  '  Tiddy  Doll !'— immortalised  by 
Hogarth — then  comes  the  last  person,  who, 


with  a  fine  bass  voice,  coaxed  his  customers  to 
buy  sweets  with,  '  Quack,  quack,  quack,  quack  ! 
Browns,  browns,  browns !  have  you  got  any 
mouldy  browns  ? '  There  was  a  man,  too,  who 
sold  tripe,  &c.,  in  this  way,  and  to  some  purpose; 
he  was  as  fine  a  man  as  ever  stepped,  and  his 
deep  rich  voice  would  ring  through  a  whole 
street,  'Dog's-meat!  cat's-meat!  nice  tripe! 
neat's  feet !  Come  buy  my  trotters  ! '  The  last 
part  would  not  have  disgraced  Lablache.  He 
discovered  a  new  way  of  pickling. tripe — got  on 
— made  contracts  for  supplying  the  Navy  during 
the  war,  and  acquired  a  large  property.  One  of 
our  most  successful  artists  is  his  grandson. 
Then  there  was  that  delight  of  our  childhood — 
the  eight  o'clock  '  Hot  spiced  gingerbread  !  hot 
spiced  gingerbread !  buy  my  spiced  gingerbread  ! 
sm-o-o-king  hot ! '  "  Another  informant  remem- 
bered a  very  popular  character  (among  the  boys), 
whose  daily  cry  was :  "  Hot  spiced  gingerbread 
nuts,  nuts,  nuts  !  If  one'll  warm  you,  wha-at'M 
a  pound  do?  —  Wha-a-a-at'  11  a  pound  do?" 
Gingerbread  was  formerly  in  much  greater  de- 
mand than  it  is  now. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  PEA-SOUP  AND 

HOT  EELS. 

Two  of  the  condiments  greatly  relished  by  the 
chilled  labourers  and  others  who  regale  them- 
(<u  street  luxuries,  are  "pea-soup"  and 
"  hot  eels."  Of  these  tradesmen  there  may  be 
500  now  in  the  streets  on  a  Saturday.  As  the 
two  trades  arc  frequently  carried  on  by  the 
same  party,  I  shall  treat  of  them  together.  The 
greatest  number  of  these  stands  is  in  Old-street, 
St.  Luke's,  about  twenty.  In  warm  weather 
these  street-cooks  deal  only  in  "hot  eels"  and 
whelks ;  as  the  whelk  trade  is  sometimes  an  ac- 
companiment of  the  others,  for  then  the  soup  will 
not  sell.  These  dealers  are  stationary,  having 
stalls  or  stands  in  the  street,  and  the  savoury 
odour  from  them  attracts  more  hungry-looking 
gazers  and  longers  than  does  a  cook-shop  window. 
They  seldom  move  about,  but  generally  frequent 
the  same  place.  A  celebrated  dealer  of  this  class 
has  a  stand  in  Clare-street,  Clare-market,  op- 
posite a  cat's-meat  shop  ;  he  has  been  heard  to 
boast,  that  he  wouldn't  soil  his  hands  at  the  busi- 
ness if  he  didn't  get  his  30s.  a  day,  and  his  11. 1  Os. 
on  a  Saturday.  Half  this  amount  is  considered  to 
be  about  the  truth.  This  person  has  mostly  all 
the  trade  for  hot  eels  in  the  Clare-market  dis- 
trict There  is  another  "hot  eel  purveyor"  at 
the  end  of  Windmill-street,  Tottenham-court- 
road,  that  does  a  very  good  trade.  It  is  thought 
that  he  makes  about  5s.  a  day  at  the  business, 
and  about  10$.  on  Saturday.  There  was,  before 
the  removals,  a  man  who  came  out  about  five 
every  afternoon,  standing  in  the  New-cut,  nearly 
opposite  the  Victoria  Theatre,  his  "  girl  "  always 
attending  to  the  stall.  He  had  two  or  three 
lamps  with  "  hot  eels"  painted  upon  them,  ar.:J 
a  handsome  stall.  He  was  considered  to  make 
about  75.  a  day  by  the  sale  of  eels  alone,  but  he 
dealt  in  fried  fish  and  pickled  whelks  ns  well,  and 
often  had  a  pile  of  fried  fish  a  foot  liiph.  Near  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


169 


Bricklayers'  Anns,  at  the  junction  of  the  Old  and 
-vent-roads,  a  hot-eel  man  dispenses  what 
a  juvenile  customer  assured  me  was  "  as  spicy 
as  any  in  London,  as  if  there  was  gin  in  it." 
liut  the  dealer  in  Clare-market  does  the  largest 
trade  of  all  in  the  hot-eel  line.  He  is  "  the 
head  man."  On  one  Saturday  he  Avas  known 
to  sell  lOOlbs.  of  eels,  and  on  most  Saturdays 
lie  will  get  rid  of  his  four  "draughts"'  of  eels 
(a  draught  being  201bs.)  He  and  his  son  are 
dressed  in  Jenny  Lind  hats,  bound  with  blue 
velvet,  and  both  dispense  the  provisions,  while 
the  daughter  attends  to  wash  the  cups.  "  On  a 
Sunday,  anybody,"  said  my  informant,  "would 
think  him  the  iirst  nobleman  or  squire  in  the 
land,  to  see  him  dressed  in  his  white  hat,  with 
Mack  crape  round  it,  and  his  drab  paletot  and 
inother-o'-pearl  buttons,  and  black  kid  gloves, 
with  the  fingers  too  long  for  him." 

I  may  add,  that  even  the  very  poorest,  who 
have  only  a  halfpenny  to  spend,  as  well  as 
those  with  better  means,  resort  to  the  stylish 
Drills  in  preference  to  the  others.  The  eels 
are  all  purchased  at  Billingsgate  early  in  the 
morning.  The  parties  themselves,  or  their  sons 
or  daughters,  go  to  Billingsgate,  and  the  water- 
men row  them  to  the  Dutch  eel  vessels  moored 
oil*  the  market  The  fare  paid  to  the  watermen 
is  Irf.  for  every  lOlbs.  purchased  and  brought 
hack  in  the  boat,  the  passenger  being  gratis. 
These  dealers  generally  trade  on  their  own 
capital ;  but  when  some  have  been  having  "  a 
Jiare  up."  and  have  "  broke  down  for  stock," 
to  use  the  words  of  my  informant,  they  borrow 
I/.,  and  pay  it  back  in  a  week  or  a  fortnight  at 
the  outside,  and  give  2*.  for  the  loan  of  it.  The 
money  is  usually  borrowed  of  the  barrow,  truck, 
and  basket-lenders.  The  amount  of  capital  re- 
quired for  carrying  on  the  business  of  course 
depends  on  the  trade  done ;  but  even  in  a  small 
e  utensils  cost  11.  They  consist  of  one 
::le  and  one  soup-kettle,  holding  upon  an 
average  three  gallons  each  ;  besides  these,  five 
•ips  and  ten  spoons  are  re- 
quired, also  a  washhand  basin  to  wash  the  cups, 

p.ivl  spoons  in,  and  a  board  and 
on  which  the  whole  stand.    In  a  large  way,  it  r<  - 
I/,  to  fit  up  a  handsome  stall. 
".ould  have  "two  fine  k 

'Tis  each,  and  tv.o  patent 

:tlit  only  adii 
the  bottoms  of  two  tin  saucepans  1 

which  charcoal  is  always  burning 
p  the  eels  and  *or.n  hot;    tli- 
• 
be  in  no  w  A  small 

r  and  above  this  sum.  ; 
•  with  and   purrh.T-c  <tork.  and  t!- 
• 

i  sines*  hive  either  been  bred  to  it, 
izh  being  out 


of   fi«h.   .11. 

:  .1  half. 


pint  of  pea-soup  is  a  halfpenny,  and  the  whelks 
are  sold,  according  to  the  size,  from  a  halfpenny 
each  to  three  or  four  for  the  same  sum.  These 
are  put  out  in  saucers. 

The  eels  are  Dutch,  and  are  cleaned  and 
washed,  and  cut  in  small  pieces  of  from  a  half 
to  an  inch  each.  [The  daughter  of  one  of  my 
informants  was  busily  engaged,  as  I  derived  this 
information,  in  the  ^cutting  of  the  fish.  She 
worked  at  a  blood-stained  board,  with  a  pile  jf 
pieces  on  one  side  and  a  heap  of  entrails  on  the 
other.]  The  portions  so  cut  are  then  boiled,  and 
the  liquor  is  thickened  with  flour  and  flavoured 
with  chopped  parsley  and  mixed  spices.  It  is 
kept  hot  in  the  streets,  and  served  out,  as  I  have 
stated,  iu  halfpennvcupfulls,  with  a  small  quan- 
tity of  vinegar  and  pepper.  The  best  purveyors 
add  a  little  butter.  The  street-boys  are  extra- 
vagant in  their  use  of  vinegar. 

To  dress  a  draught  of  eels  takes  three  hours — 
to  clean,  cut  them  up,  and  cook  them  sufficiently ; 
and  the  cost  is  now  5s.  Id.  (much  lower  in  the 
summer)  for  the  draught  (the  Id.  being  the  ex- 
pense of  "shoring"),  8rf.  for  4  Ib.  of  flour  to 
thicken  the  liquor,  2d.  for  the  parsley  to  flavour 
it,  and  1*.  Qd.  for  the  vinegar,  spices,  and  pepper 
(about  three  quarts  of  vinegar  and  two  ounces 
of  pepper).  This  quantity,  when  dressed  and 
seasoned,  will  fetch  in  halfpennyworths  from 
15^.  to  18s.  The  profit  upon  this  would  be 
from  7s.  to  9s.  (id. ;  but  the  cost  of  the  charcoal 
has  to  be  deducted,  as  well  as  the  salt  used  while 
cooking.  These  two  items  amount  to  about  5d. 

The  pea-soup  consists  of  split  peas,  celery, 
and  beef  bones.  Five  pints,  at  Z\d.  a  quart,  are 
used  to  every  three  gallons ;  the  bones  cost  2d., 
carrots  Irf.,  and  celery  \d. — these  cost  Is.  Q\d. ; 
and  the  pepper,  salt,  and  mint,  to  season  it, 
about  Id.  This,  when  served  in  halfpenny  basin- 
fulls,  will  fetch  from  2s.  3/7.  to  2s.  4rf.,  leaving 
Is.  Id.  profit.  But  from  this  the  expenses  ot 
cooking  must  be  taken ;  so  that  the  clear  gain 
upon  three  gallons  comes  to  about  lid.  In  ;i 
large  trade,  three  kettles,  or  twelve  gallons,  of 
pea-soup  will  be  disposed  of  in  the  day,  and 
about  four  draughts,  or  80  Ibs.,  of  hot  eels  on 
i-verv  day  but  Saturday, — when  the  quantity  of 
eels  disposed  of  would  be  about  five  draughts,  or 
KM)  Ibs.  weight,  and  about  1~>  gallons  of  pea- 
soup.  Hence  the  profits  of  a  good  business  in 
the  hot-eel  and  pea-.>oup  line  united  will  he  from 
71.  to  7/.  10s.  per  week,  or  more.  But  there  is 
only  one  man  in  London  does  this  amount  of 

I,  or  rather  makes  tins  amount  of  n 
A  small  business  will  do  about  1  ~>  H's.  of  eels  in 

It,  including  Saturday,  and  about  1  . 

-lit   is  given  for  a 

Mi,   or  a  pennyworth,   at   the  out- 
vde  :     Liit    very   little    is    lost    from    had 

,  '.-ire  partaking  of  the  articles  wii! 
Hionally  say  to  the  proprietor  of  th--  .--tall,  "  Well, 
master.  'us  another  ha'- 

•  •<-  ajrain  ;" 
-  the-  Btall-kl 
know  v 


170 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


and  then  it  is  brought  home  and  eaten  by  the 
family.  The  pea-soup  will  seldom  keep  a  night, 
but  what  is  left  the  family  generally  use  for 
supper. 

The  dealers  go  out  about  naif-past  ten  in  the 
morning,  and  remain  cut  till  about  ten  at  night. 
Monday  is  the  next  best  day  to  Saturday.  The 
generality  of  the  customers  are  boys  from  12  to 
1C  years  of  age.  Newsboys  are  very  partial 
to  hot  eels — women  prefer  the  pea-soup.  Some 
of  the  boys  will  have  as  many  as  six  halfpenny 
cupfulls  consecutively  on  a  Saturday  night ;  and 
some  women  will  have  three  halfpenny  basins- 
full  of  soup.  Many  persons  in  the  cold  weather 
prefer  the  hot  soup  to  beer.  On  wet,  raw,  chilly 
days,  the  soup  goes  off  better  than  usual,  and 
in  fine  weather  there  is  a  greater  demand  for  the 
hot  eels.  One  dealer  assured  me  that  he  once 
did  serve  two  gentlemen's  servants  with  twenty- 
eight  halfpenny  cupfulls  of  hot  eels  one  after 
another.  One  servant  had  sixteen,  and  the  other 
twelve  cupfulls,  which  they  ate  all  at  one  stand- 
ing: and  one  of  these  customers  was  so  partial 
to  hot  eels,  that  he  used  to  come  twice  a  day 
every  day  for  six  months  after  that,  and  have 
eight  cupfulls  each  day,  four  at  noon  and  four 
in  the  evening.  These  two  persons  were  the  best 
customers  my  informant  ever  had.  Servants, 
however,  are  not  generally  partial  to  the  com- 
modity. Hot  eels  are  not  usually  taken  for 
dinner,  nor  is  pea-soup,  but  throughout  the 
whole  day,  and  just  at  the  fancy  of  the  {ill until 
by.  There  are  no  shops  for  the  sale  of  tlu-M- 
articles.  The  dealers  keep  no  accounts  of  what 
their  receipts  and  expenditure  are. 

The  best  time  of  the  year  for  the  hot  eels  is 
from  the  middle  of  June  to  the  end  of  August. 
On  some  days  during  that  time  a  person  in  a 
small  way  of  business  will  clear  upon  an  average 
l.v.  Gd.  a  day,  on  other  days  Is. ;  on  some  days, 
during  the  month  of  August,  as  much  as  2s.  6d. 
a  day.  Some  cry  out  "  Nice  hot  eels — nice  hot 
eels!"  or  "Warm  your  hands  and  fill  your 
bellies  for  a  halfpenny."  One  man  used  to  give 
his  surplus  eels,  when  he  considered  his  sale 
completed  on  a  night,  to  the  poor  creatures 
refused  admission  into  a  workhouse,  lending 
them  his  charcoal  fire  for  warmth,  which  was 
always  returned  to  him.  The  poor  creatures 
begged  cinders,  and  carried  the  fire  under  a 
railway  arch.  The  general  rule,  however,  is  for 
the  dealer  to  be  silent,  and  merely  expose  the 
articles  for  sale.  "  I  likes  better,"  said  one  man 
to  me,  "  to  touch  up  people's  noses  than  their 
heyes  or  their  hears."  There  are  now  in  the 
trade  almost  more  than  can  get  a  living  at  it, 
and  their  earnings  are  less  than  they  were 
formerly.  One  party  attributed  this  to  the 
opening  of  a  couple  of  penny-pie  shops  in  his 
neighbourhood.  Before  then  he  could  get  2s.  6d. 
a  day  clear,  take  one  day  with  another;  but 
since  the  establishment  of  the  business  in  the 
penny-pie  line  he  cannot  take  above  Is.  6d.  a. 
day  clear.  On  the  day  the  first  of  these  pie- 
shops  opened,  it  made  as  much  as  10  Ibs.,  or  half 
si  draught  of  eels,  difference  to  him.  There  was 


a  band  of  music  and  an  illumination  at  the  pie- 
shop,  and  it  was  impossible  to  stand  against 
that.  The  fashionable  dress  of  the  trade  is  the 
"Jenny  Lind"  or  "wide-awake"  hat,  with  a 
broad  black  ribbon  tied  round  it,  and  a  white 
apron  and  sleeves.  The  dealers  usually  go  to 
Hampton-court  or  Greenwich  on  a  fine  Sunday. 
They  are  partial  to  the  pit  of  Astley's.  One  of 
them  told  his  waterman  at  Billingsgate  the  other 
morning  that  "  he  and  his  good  lady  had  been 
worry  amused  with  the  osses  at  Hashley's  last 
night." 

OF  THE  EXPERIENCE    OF   A    HOT-EEL    AND 

PEA-SOUP  MAN. 

"  I  was  a  coalheavcr,"  said  one  of  the  class 
to  me,  as  I  sat  in  his  attic  up  a  close  Court, 
watching  his  wife  "thicken  the  liquor;"  "I 
was  a-going  along  the  plank,  from  one  barge 
to  another,  when  the  swell  of  some  steamers 
throwed  the  plank  off  the  '  horse,'  and  chucked 
me  down,  and  broke  my  knee  agin  the  side  of 
the  barge.  Before  that  I  was  yarning  upon  an 
average  my  20s.  to  30s.  a  week.  I  \va.s 
months  and  four  days  in  King's  College  Hos- 
pital after  this.  I  found  they  was  a-doing  me 
no  good  there,  so  I  come  out  and  went  over  to 
Bartholemy's  Hospital.  I  was  in  there  nine- 
teen months  altogether,  and  after  that  I  \\as  -t 
month  in  Middlesex  Hospital,  and  all  on  'cm 
turned  me  out  oncurable.  You  see,  the  bone's 
decayed — four  bits  of  bone  have  been  taken 
from  it.  The  doctor  turned  me  out  three 
times  'cause  I  wouldn't  have  it  oil:  He  asked 
my  wife  if  she  would  give  consent,  but  neither 
she  nor  my  daughter  would  listen  to  it,  so  I 
was  turned  out  on  Ym  all.  How  my  family 
lived  all  this  time  it's  hard  to  tell.  My  eldest 
boy  did  a  little— got  3s.  6d.  a  week"  as  an 
errand-boy,  and  my  daughter  was  in  service, 
and  did  a  little  for  me  ;  but  that  was  all  we  had 
to  live  upon.  There  was  six  children  on  my 
hands,  and  however  they  did  manage  I  can't 
say.  After  I  came  out  of  the  hospital  I  applied 
to  the  parish,  and  was  allowed  2s.  6d.  a  week 
and  four  loaves.  But  I  was  anxious  to  do 
something,  so  a  master  butcher,  as  1  knowed, 
said  he  would  get  me  '  a  pitch  '  (the  right  to 
fix  a  stall),  if  I  thought  I  could  sit  at  a  stall 
and  sell  a  few  things.  I  told  him  I  thought 
I  could,  and  would  be  very  thankful  for  it. 
"Well,  I  had  heard  how  the  man  up  in  the 
market  was  making  a  fortune  at  the  hot-eel  and 
pea-soup  line.  [A  paviour  as  left  his  barrow 
and  two  shovels  with  me  told  me  to-day,  said 
the  man.  by  way  of  parenthesis  —  '  that  he 
knowed  for  a  fact  he  was  clearing  6/.  a  week 
regular.']  So  I  thought  I'd  have  a  touch  at 
the  same  tiling.  But  you  see,  I  never  could 
rise  money  enough  to  get  sufficient  stock  to 
make  a  do  of  it,  and  never  shall,  I  expect — it 
don't  seem  like  it,  however.  I  ought  to  have 
5s.  to  go  to  market  with  to-morrow,  and  I  ain't 
got  above  Is.  6d. ;  and  what's  that  for  stock- 
money,  I'd  like  to  know  ?  Well,  as  I  was 
saying,  the  master  butcher  lent  me  10*.  10 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


171 


start  in  tka  line.  He  was  the  best  friend  I 
ever  had.  But  I've  never  been  able  to  do 
anything  at  it — not  to  say  to  get  a  living." 
"  lie  can't  carry  anything  now,  sir,"  said  his 
•-•>  the  old  man  strove  to  get  the  bellows 
to  warm  up  the  large  kettle  of  pea-soup  that 
was  on  the  tire.  "  Aye,  I  can't  go  without  my 
crutch.  My  daughter  goes  to  Billingsgate  for 
me.  I've  got  nobodv  else  ;  and  she  cuts  up 
the  eels.  If  it  warn't  for  her  I  must  give  it 
up  altogether,  and  go  into  the  workhouse  out- 
right. I  couldn't  letch  'em.  I  ought  to  have 
been  out  to-night  by  rights  till  ten,  if  I'd  had 
anything  to  have  sold.  My  wife  can't  do 
much;  she's  troubled  with  the  rheumatics  in 
her  head  and  limbs."  *'  Yes,"  said  the  old 
body,  with  a  sigh,  "  I'm  never  well,  and  never 
shall  be  again.  I  know."  "  Would  you  accept 
on  a  drop  of  soup,  sir?"  asked  the  man; 
"  you're  very  welcome,  I  can  assure  you. 
You'll  find  it  very  good,  sir."  I  told  him  I 
had  just  dined,  and  the  poor  old  fellow  pro- 
ceeded with  his  tale.  "Last  week  I  earned 
clear  about  8s.,  and  that's  to  keep  six  on  us. 
1  didn't  pay  no  rent  last  week  nor  yet  this,  and 
I  don't  know  when  I  shall  again,  if  things  goes 
on  in  this  way.  The  week  before  there  was  a 
v,  and  I  didn't  earn  above  6s.  that  week, 
if  I  did  that  My  boy  can't  go  to  school, 
rot  no  shoes  nor  nothing  to  go  in.  The 
girls  go  to  the  ragged -school,  but  we  can't  send 
them  of  a  Sunday  nowhere."  "  Other  people 
can  go,"  said  one  of  the  young  girls  nestling 
round  the  fire,  and  with  a  piece  of  sacking  over 
her  shoulders  for  a  shawl — "  them  as  has  got 
v.it  mother  don't  like  to  let  us 
go  as  we  arc.  -lips  her  mother's  shoes 

on  when  she  goes  out  It  would  take  I/,  to 
start  me  well.  With  that  I  could  go  to  mr.rket, 
and  buy  my  draught  of  eels  a  shilling  cheaper, 
and  I  could  aflbrd  to  cut  mv  pieces  a  little 
bigger;  and  p«  ople  where  th  :1  well 

comes  again — don't  yon  see?  I  could  have 
sold  n  I'd  had  'em  to-day,  and  soup 

too.  Why,  there's  four  hours  of  about  the  bot 
time  to-night  that  I'm  losing  now  'cause  I've 
nothing  to  sell.  The  man  in  the  mark 

we   can.      He   gives   what   is 
called  the  It:  i.'orth  —thai 

fight  pieces  ;  ah,  that  I  daresay  he 
indeed,  sonic  of  the  boys  has  told  me  1: 
as  many  as  eight  pieces.  And  then  t: 
eels  you  biles  up.  liquor 

is,  and  •    tin-pot  \\  biling 

U'reat  jint   of  meat  in  a  water. 

•nan  in 
the  market,  and  so  we're  be  it 

.» 

:iC,     Sells    '(".: 

.  eat  on  them  ;  the  boys 

. 

trade  arc   i  ndora, 

f.T-ii  v,  !i;Ti-  <i  ib.  of  c.-ls  dnilv  at  th.-r  M,.nds  : 
00  Sti  :ly  ;  and  JOO  .,r  itinerant, 


selling  5  Ib.  nightly  at  the  public-houses.  The 
first  mentioned  take  2s.  daily;  the  second  lo'.s-. ; 
and  the  third  Is.  Sd.  This  gives  a  street  ex- 
penditure iu  the  trade  in  hot  eels  of  19,-148/.  for 
the  year. 

To  start  in  this  business  a  capital  is  required 
after  this  rate : — stall  u's.  ;  basket  Is.;  eel-ket- 
tle 3s.  6V. ;  jar  Gd.  ;  ladle  4rf. ;  12  cups  Is.; 
12  spoons  Is. ;  stew-pan  2s.  ;  chafing-dish  (id.  ; 
strainer  Is.  ;  8  cloths  2*.  Sd.  ;  a  pair  sleeves 
4rf.  ;  apron  4rf.  ;  charcoal  2s.  (4rf.  being  an 
average  daily  consumption) ;  J  c\vt.  coal  i$}.d.  ; 
£  Ib.  butter  (the  weekly  average)  4r/.  ;  1  quar- 
tern Hour  5d.  ;  4  oz.  pepper  4rf. ;  1  quart 
vinegar  IQd.  ;  1  Ib.  salt  irf. ;  1  Ib.  candles  for 
stall  6d.  ;  parsley  3d.  ;  stock-money  H)s.  In 
all  I/.  15s.  In  the  course  of  a  year  the  pro- 
perty which  may  be  described  as  fixed,  as  in 
the  stall,  &c.,  and  the  expenditure  daily  occur- 
ring as  for  stock,  butter,  coal,  according  to 
the  foregoing  statement,  amounts  to  15,750/. 
The  eels  purchased  for  this  trade  at  Billings- 
gate are  1,106,880  Ib.,  costing,  at  3d.  per  Ib., 
12.102/. 

In  the  pea-soup  trade  there  are  now  one  half 
of  the  whole  number  of  the  hot-eel  vendors  • 
of  whom  100  will  sell,  each  4  gallons  daily ; 
and  of  the  remaining  50  vendors,  each  will  sell 
upon  an  average  10  gallons  daily.  The  first 
mentioned  take  3s.  daily  ;  and  the  last  7s.  6d. 
This  gives  a  street  expenditure  of  4,050/.  during 
the  winter  season  of  five  months. 

To  commence  business  in  the  street  sale  of 
pea-soup  a  capital  is  required  after  this  rate  : 
soup-kettle  4s.  ;  peas  2s.  ;  soup-ladle  6d.  ; 
pepper-box  Id. ;  mint-box  3d. ;  chafing-dish 
6d.  ;  12  basons  Is.;  12  spoons  Is.;  bones, 
celery,  mint,  carrots,  and  onions,  Is.  6d.  In 
all  10s.  IQd.  The  hot-eel  trade  being  in  con- 
junction with  the  pea-soup,  the  same  stall, 
candles,  towels,  sleeves,  and  aprons,  does  for 
both,  and  the  quantity  of  extra  coal  and  char- 
coal ;  pepper  and  salt  given  in  the  summary 
•)f  hot-eels  serves  in  cooking,  &c.,  both  eels  and 
•up. 

OF  run  STIU:J:-SI:I.I.I:KS  OF  FICKI.I:I> 

WllKI.KS. 

ide  in  whelks  is  one  of  which  the  ( 
I  have  the   undisputed  monopolv.      The 
la  all  transacted   in  Hillings- 
gate,    where    this    shell-fish    is    bought    by    the 
...ublc  peck  or  gallon),  half-r.i 

.   and  is  the 

much  cheaper  by  taking  that  quantity." 
told,   '•  i    as    having   a   hall'-i; 

the  wash  ;  "  Mm  I've  given  21.?.  for  • 
said  our  <-r,  and  he-  waxed  in-: 

^nturd.iy.  win  n    then  WM  a 

great  M 

eomiiv_r  on  on  Monday,  and   the  \vlirl!.i:irn.  \\lio 

;ncs   in    1'n 
have  the  price  up  thru,  and  1 


172 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


doing  good — they've  a  great  knack  of  that."  A 
wash  weighs  about  GOlbs.  On  rare  occasions  it 
lias  been  as  low  as  2s.  6d.,  and  even  Is.  (id. 

About  one-half  of  the  whelks  are  sold  alive 
(wholesale),  and  the  other  half  "cooked" 
(boiled),  some  of  the  salesmen  having  "conve- 
nience for  cooking"  near  the  market;  but  they 
are  all  brought  to  London  alive,  "  or  what 
should  be  alive."  When  bought  alive,  which 
ensures  a  better  quality,  I  was  told  —  for 
"  whelks  '11  boil  after  they're  dead  and  gone, 
you  see,  sir,  as  if  they  was  alive  and  hungry" — 
the  costermonger  boils  them  in  the  largest  sauce- 
pan at  his  command  for  about  ten  minutes,  and 
then  leaves  them  until  they  cool.  "  They  never 
kicks  as  they  boils,  like  lobsters  or  crabs,"  said 
"me  whelk  dealer,  "  they  takes  it  quiet.  A  mis- 
sionary cove  said  to  me,  '  Why  don't  you  kill 
Ilium  first?  it's  murder.'  They  doesn't  suffer; 
Fve  suffered  more  with  a  toothach  than  the 
whole  of  a  measure  of  whelks  has  in  a  boiling, 
that  I'm  clear  upon."  The  boiling  is  generally 
the  work  of  the  women.  The  next  process  is  to 
place  them  in  a  tub,  throw  boiling  water  over 
them,  and  stir  them  up  for  ten  or  fifteen  minutes 
\vitli  a  broom-handle.  If  the  quantity  be  a  wash, 
tv;o  broom-handles,  usually  wielded  by  the  man 
and  his  wife,  are  employed.  This  is  both  to 
dean  them  and  "  to  make  them  come  out  easier 
to  be  wormed."  The  "worming"  is  eauivalent 
to  the  removing  of  the  beard  of  an  oyster  or 
mussel.  The  whelks  are  wormed  one  by  one. 
The  operator  cuts  into  the  fish,  rapidly  draws 
out  the  "  worm,"  and  pushes  the  severed  parts 
together,  which  closes.  The  small  whelks  are 
not  wormed,  "  because  it's  not  reckoned  neces- 
sary, and  they're  sold  to  poor  lads  and  such 
"like,  that's  not  particular;  but  nearly  all  the 
women,  and  a  good  many  of  the  boys,  are  very 
particular.  They  think  the  worm's  poison." 
The  whelks  are  next  shaken  in  a  tub,  in  cold 
v/ater,  and  are  then  ready  for  sale.  The  same 
process,  after  the  mere  boiling,  is  observed, 
when  the  whelks  are  bought  "  cooked." 

Some  whelk-sellers,  who  wish  to  display  a 
superior  article,  engage  children  for  a  few  half- 
pence to  rub  the  shell  of  every  whelk,  so  that  it 
looks  clean  and  even  bright 

I  find  a  difficulty,  common  in  the  course  of 
this  inquiry,  of  ascertaining  precisely  the  num- 
ber of  whelk-sellers,  because  the  sale  is  often 
carried  on  simultaneously  with  that  of  other 
things,  (stewed  eels,  for  instance,)  and  because 
it  is  common  for  costennongers  to  sell  whelks 
on  a  Saturday  night  only,  both  at  stalls  and 
''round  to  the  public-houses,"  but  only  when 
they  are  cheap  at  Billingsgate.  On  a  Saturday 
night  there  may  be  300  whelk-sellers  in  the 
streets,  nearly  half  at  stalls,  and  half,  or  more 
i(  working  the  public-houses."  But  of  th:s 
number  it  must  be  understood  that  perhaps  the 
•wife  is  at  the  stall  while  the  husband  is  on  a 
round,  and  some  whelks  are  sent  out  by  a  man 
having  an  extra  stock.  This,  therefore,  reduces 
the  number  of  independent  dealers,  but  not  the 
actual  number  of  sellers.  On  all  other  nig^ti 


here  may  be  half  the  number  engaged  in  thia 

raffic,  in  the  streets  regularly  all  the  year;  and 

more  than  half  on  a  Monday,  as  regards  the 

ublic-house  business,  in  which  little    is  done 

etween  Monday  and  Saturday  nights.     But  a 

nan  will,  in  some  instances,  work  the  public- 

louses  every  night  (the  wife  tending  the  stall), 

,nd  the  more  assiduously  if  the  weather  be  bad 

T  foggy,  when  a  public-house  custom  is  the  best. 

A  fair  week's  earnings  in  whelks,  "  when  a  man's 

cnown,"  is  II.;    a  bad  week  is  from  5s.  to  8s. 

[  am  assured  that  bad  weeks  are  "as  plenty  as 

ood,  at  least,  the  year  round;"  and  thus  the 

average  to  the   street  whelk-sellers,  in  whelks 

alone,  is  about  13s.  when  the  trade  is  carried  on 

daily  and  regularly,  and  5s.  a  week  by  those  who 

occasionally  resort  to  it ;  and  as  the  occasional 

[lands  are  the  more  numerous,  the  average  may 

be  struck  at  7s. 

The  whelks  are  sold  at  the  stalls  at  two,  three, 
four,  six,  and  eight  a  penny,  according  to  size. 
Four  is  an  average  pennyworth  for  good  whelks ; 
the  six  a  penny  are  small,  and  the  eight  a  penny 
very  small.  The  principal  place  for  their  i 
in  Old-street,  City- road.  The  other  principal 
places  are  the  street-markets,  which  I  have 
before  particularised.  The  whelks  are  sold  in 
saucers,  generally  small  and  white,  and  of 
common  ware,  and  are  contained  in  jars,  ready 
to  be  "shelled"  into  any  saucer  that  may  have 
been  emptied.  Sometimes  a  small  pyramid  <a 
shells,  surmounted  by  a  candle  protected  by  a 
shade,  attracts  tiie  regard  of  the  passer-by. 
The  man  doing  the  best  business  in  London 
was  to  be  found,  before  the  removals  of  which  1 
have  spoken,  in  Lambeth-walk,  but  he  has  now 
no  fixed  locality.  His  profits,  I  am  informed, 
were  regularly  3/.  a  week;  but  out  of  this  he 
had  to  pay  for  the  assistance  of  two  or  some- 
times three  persons,  in  washing  his  whelks, 
boiling  them,  &c. ;  besides  that,  his  wife  was  as 
busy  as  himself.  To  the  quality  and  cleanliness 
of  his  whelks  he  was  very  attentive,  and  would 
sell  no  mediocre  article  if  better  could  be 
bought.  "  He  deserved  all  he  earned,  sir," 
said  another  street-dealer  to  me;  "why,  in 
Old-street  now  they'll  have  the  old  original 
saucers,  miserable  things,  such  as  they  had 
fifty  years  back;  but  the  man  we're  talkir.g 
of,  about  two  years  ago,  brought  in  very  pretty 
plates,  quite  enterprising  things,  and  they 
answered  well.  His  example's  spreading,  but 
it's  slowly."  The  whelks  are  eaten  with  vinegar 
and  pepper. 

For  sale  in  the  public-houses,  the  whelks  are 
most  frequently  carried  in  jars,  and  transferred 
in  a  saucer  to  the  consumer.  "  There's  often  a 
good  sale,"  said  a  man  familiar  with  the  busi- 
ness, "  when  a  public  room's  filled.  People 
drinking  there  always  want  to  eat.  They  buy 
whelks,  not  to  fill  themselves,  but  for  a  relish.  A 
man  that's  used  to  the  trade  will  often  get  oil 
inferior  sorts  to  the  lushingtons ;  he'll  have 
them  to  rights.  Whelks  is  all  the  same,  goo;i. 
bad,  or  middling,  when  a  man's  drink 
they're  we.ll  seasoned  with  pepper  and  vinegar. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


173 


Oh  ves ;  any  whelk-man  will  take  in  a  drunken 
:'eiiow,  and  he  will  do  it  all  the  same,  if  he's 
made  up  his  mind  to,  get  drunk  hisseif  that  very 
night." 

The  trade  is  carried  on  by  the  regular  costers, 
but  of  the  present  number  of  whelk-seilers,  about 
twenty  have  been  mechanics  or  servants.  The 
v.-ht:K-trade  is  an  trade,  commencing 

generally  about  six,  summer  and  winter,  or  an 
arlier  in  winter. 

The  capital  required  to  start  in  the  whelk- 
business  is :  stall,  2s.  6d. ;  saucers,  vinegar-bottle, 
iar,  pepper-castor,  and  small  watering-pan  (used 
only  in  dusty  weather),  '2s.  6d. ;  a  pair  of  stilts 
(supports  for  the  stall),  Is.  Grf. ;  stock-money,  5s. ; 
pepper  and  vinegar,  &£,  or  12s.  in  all.  If  the 
trade  be  commenced  in  a  round  basket,  for 
public-house  sale.  7s.  or  Ss.  only  is  required, 
but  it  is  a  hazardous  experiment  for  a  person 
unpractised  in  street  business. 

OP  THE   CUSTOMERS,  ETC.,  OF  PICKLED 

WHELK-SELLEUS. 

•Diligent  man  gave  me  the  following  ac- 
count. He  had  been  connected  with  street- 
trading  from  his  youth  up,  and  is  now  about 
thirty : 

e  chief  customers  for  whelks,    sir,    are 
working  people  and  poor  people,  and  they  pre- 
fer them  to  oysters ;    1  do  myself,  and  I  think 
not  so  much  eaten  because  they're  not 
.able  like  oysters.     But  I've  sold  them  to 
'e  public-houses,  and  to  doctors'  shops — 
more  than  other  shops,  I  don't  know  why— and 
to  private  houses.     Masters  have  sent  out  their 
:r.e  for  three  or  four  penn'orths 
•  ifered  the  maids  a  whelk,  but 
>n't  eat  them  in  the  street;   I  dare  say 
afraid  their  young  men  may  be  about, 
and  might  think  they  wasn't  ladies  if  they  eat 
:  eet.     Boys  are  the  best  custo- 
;::ill,'  b-it  if  you  don't  look  sharp, 
you'll  be  done  out  of  three-ha'porth  of  vinegar 
to  a  ha'porth  of  whelks.     I  can't  make  out  why 
ke  it  so.     They're  particular  enough  in 
their  way.     If  the  whelks  are  thin, 
be  sometimes,  the  lads  will  say.  '  "What  a  lot  of 
snails   you've   gathered    to-night!'      If   ' 
plump 'and  fine,  then  they'll  say,  '  Fat  'uns  to- 
ne people  eat  \vli 
*n  ap  -.lie.  and  more  in 

'.Mien    of  t!: 

• 

and  Shoreditch,  for  I  know  both.     If  they  have 

• 

-   always   sixpew  <>mc   on    the 

••netimcs,  by  themselves,  and  : 
!,   I'm  satisfied,  on  w! 

>rt  a»  far  an  2*.  6rf.     I've  lout 

•  know  how 
Altogether.     I  keep  no  account,  but  cany  any 

now  how  1:.. 

a  poor 
r  a  rich  out — that's  my 


opinion,  sir.  Costermongors  in  a  good  time 
are  capital  customers ;  they'll  buy  five  or  six 
penn'orths  at  a  time.  The  dust's  a  great  in- 
jury to  the  trade  in  summer  time;  it  dries  tlu> 
whelks  up,  and  they  look  old.  I  wish  whelks 
were  cheaper  at  Billingsgate,  and  I  could  do 
more  business;  and  I  could  do  more  if  I  could 
sell  a  few  minutes  after  twelve  on  a  Saturday 
night,  when  people  must  leave  the  public-house. 
I  have  sold  three  wash  of  a  Saturday  night,  ami 
cleared  15s.  on  them.  I  one  week  made  3/.,  bu: 
I  had  a  few  stewed  eels  to  help, — that  is,  I 
cleared  2/.,  and  had  a  pound's  worth  over  on 
the  Saturday  night,  and  sent  them  to  be  sold — 
and  they  were  sold — at  Battersea  on  the  Sun- 
day; I  never  went  there  myself.  I've  had 
twenty  people  round  my  stall  at  one  time  on  a 
Saturday.  Perhaps  my  earnings  on  that  (and 
other  odd  things}  may  come  to  II.  a  week,  or 
hardly  so  much,  the  year  round.  I  can't  say 
exactly.  The  shells  are  no  use.  Boys  have 
asked  me  for  them  '  to  make  sea- shells  of/ 
they  say  —  to  hold  them  to  their  ears  when 
they're  big,  and  there's  a  sound  like  the 
sea  rolling.  Gentlemen  have  sometimes  told 
me  to  keep  a  dozen  dozen  or  twenty  dozen, 
for  borders  to  a  garden.  I  make  no  charge 
for  them — just  what  a  gentleman  may  please 
to  give. 

The  information  given  shows  an  outlay  of 
5,2501.  yearly  for  street  whelks,  and  as  the  return 
I  have  cited  shows  the  money  spent  in  whelks  at 
Billingsgate  to  be  2,500f.,  the  number  of  whelks 
being  4,950,000,  the  account  is  correct,  i.s  the 
coster's  usual  "half-profits"  make  up  the  sum 
expended. 

OF  THE  STREET  SELLERS,  AND  OF  TIIC 
PREPARATION  OF  FRIED  FISH. 

AMONG  the  cooked  food  which  has  for  many 
years  formed  a  portion  of  the  street  trade  is 
fried  fish.  The  sellers  are  about  350. 
maximum  and  250  as  a  minimum,  300  being  an 
average  number.  The  reason  of  the  variation 
in  number  is,  that  on  a  Saturday  night,  and 
occasionally  on  other  nights  especially  on  Mon- 

'. ill-keepers  sell   1'rinl   li>h.  and  i<   ' 

ordinary  article  of  their  trade.     Some  m. 

>  the  trade  for  a  time,  when  they  • 

i    in    any    way  more    profi table   or 
suitable   to   them.      The    dealers    in    this 
are,  for  the  most  part,  old  men  and  boys.  • 
:i:ay  be  30  or  40  women  who  sell 
only  3  or  4  girls,  and  they  an-  the  dangY 

i   in  the    br  .  re  the 

Among  tin:   Iried-lish   sellers  (!;• 
not  half  a  <i  ;.copU-.  alt!i<> 

f  the  diet  of  t!. 
The  nun   in    the  c.iliin. 
the    gr 

1  was  told,  had  been  fishmongers,  or  their 
assistants. 

-  t    dealers    i 

a  dabs "    and    "  h  ..re 

plaice  and  soles,  "dab"  being  a  com- 


174 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


mon  word  for  any  flat  fish .  The  fish  which 
supplies  upwards  of  one  half  the  quantity  fried 
for  the  streets  is  plaice  ;  the  other  fishes  used 
are  soles,  haddocks,  whitings,  ilouuders,  and 
herrings,  but  very  sparingly  indeed  as  regards 
herrings.  Soles  are  used  in  as  large  a  quantity 
as  the  other  kinds  mentioned  altogether.  On 
my  inquiry  as  to  the  precise  quantity  of  each 
description  fried,  the  answer  from  the  traders 
was  uniform  :  "  I  can't  say,  sir.  I  buy  what- 
ever's  cheapest."  The  fish  is  bought  at  Bil- 
lingfgate,  but  some  of  the  street  dealers  obtain 
another  and  even  a  cheaper  commodity  than  at 
that  great  mart.  This  supply  is  known  in  the 
trade  as  "  friers,"  and  consists  of  the  overplus 
of  a  fishmonger's  stock,  of  what  he  has  not  sold 
overnight,  and  does  not  care  to  offer  for  sale  on 
the  following  morning,  and  therefore  vends  it  to 
the  costermongers,  whose  customers  are  chiefly 
among  the  poor.  The  friers  are  sometimes  half, 
and  sometimes  more  than  half,  of  the  wholesale 
price  in  Billingsgate.  Many  of  the  friers  are 
good,  but  some,  1  was  told,  "  in  any  thing  like 
muggy  or  close  weathci  were  very  quo* 
very  queer  indeed,"  and  they  are  consequently 
fried  with  a  most  liberal  allowance  of  oil,  "  which 
will  c<r  'ng-" 

The  fish  to  be   fried  is  first  washed  an 
ted  ;  the   fins,   head,  and  tail  are  then  cut  off, 
and  the  trunk  is  dipped  in  flour  and  v.-.v 
that  in  frying,  oil  being  always  used,  th 
will  not  be  scorched  by  the,  perhaps,  too  violent 
action  of   the   fire,  but  merely  browned.     Pale 
rape  oil  is   generally  used.     The  sellers,  how- 
re  often  twitted  with  using  lamp  oil,  even 
when  it  is  dearer  than  that  devoted  to  the  pur- 
pose.    The  fish  is  cooked  in  ordinary  frying- 
pans.     One  tradesman  in  Cripplegate,  formerly 
a  cost;':  his  premises  a  commo- 

tion ^  oven  which  he  had  built  for  the  frying,  or 
rather  baking,  of  lish.  He  supplies  the  small 
shopkeepers  who  deal  in  the  article  (although 
some  prepare  it  themselves),  and  sells  1 
retail  also,  but  the  street-sellers  buy  little  of 
him,  as  they  arc  nearly  all  4i  their  own  cooks." 
Some  of  the  "illegitimates,"  however,  lay  in 
their  stock  by  purchase  of  the  tradesman  iu 
question.  The  fish  is  cut  into  portions  before 
it  is  fried,  and  the  frying  occupies  about  ten 
minutes.  The  quantity  prepared  together  is 
from  six  to  twenty  portion?,  according  to  the 
size  of  the  pans ;  four  dozen  portions,  or 
"pieces,"  as  the  street  people  call  them,  re- 
quire a  quart  of  oil. 

The  fried  fish- sellers  live  in  some  out  of  the 
way  alley,  and  not  unfrequeutly  in  garrets ;  for 
among  even  the  poorest  class  there  are  great 
objections  to  their  being  fellow- lodgers,  on 
account  of  the  odour  from  the  frying.  Even 
when  the  fish  is  fresh  (as  it  most  frequently  is), 
and  the  oil  pure,  the  odour  is  rank.  In  one 
place  I  visited,  which  was>,  moreover,  admirable 
for  cleanliness,  it  was  very  rank.  The  cooks, 
however,  whether  husbands  or  wives — for  the 
women  often  attend  to  the  pan — when  they 
hear  of  this  disagreeable  rankncss,  answer  that 


it  may  be  so,  many  people  say  so  ;  but  !'• 
parts  thev  cannot  smell  it  at  all.  The  gar- 
ments of  the  fried-fish  sellers  are  more  strongly 
impregnated  with  the  smell  of  fish  than  were 
those  of  any  "  wet  "  or  other  fish- sellers  whom 
I  met  with.  Their  residences  are  in  some  01 
the  labyrinths  of  courts  and  alleys  that  run 
from  Gray's-inn-lanc  to  Leather-lane,  and 
similar  places  between  Fetter  and  Chancery  - 
lanes.  They  are  to  be  found,  too,  in  the  courts 
running  from  Cow-cross,  Smithfield  ;  and  from 
Turnmill-street  and  Ray- street,  Clerkenwell ; 
also,  in  the  alleys  about  Bishopsgate-street  and 
the  Kingsland-road,  and  some  in  the  half- 
ruinous  buildings  near  the  Southwark  and 
Borough-roads.  None,  or  very  few,  of  those 
who  are  their  own  cooks,  reside  at  a  greater 
distance  than  three  miles  from  Bill!' 
gin-drinking  neighbourhood,  one 
suits  best,  "  for  people  hasn't  their  smell  so 
correct  there." 

The  sale  is  both  on  rounds  and  at  stalls,  the 
itinerants  being  twice  as  numerous  as  the  station- 
ary. The  round  is  usually  from  public-house 
::i  populous  neighbourhoods. 
The  itinerants  generally  confine  themselves  to 
the  trade  in  fried  fish,  but  the  stall-keepers 

sell  other  articles,  generally  fish  o'. 
kind,  along  with  it.     The   sale  in  the  public- 
ist. 

At  the  neighbouring  races  and  fairs  there  is 
a  grea! 

:  ;old,  there  were  at  least  fifty  purveyors 

dainty  from  London,  half  of  them  per- 
haps being  costermongers,  who  speculate 
lor  the  occasion,  preparing  it  then: 
Three  men  joined  in  one  speculation 
S/.   in   1:  li,  and  did  well,   selling  : 
profit  of  cent,  per  cent.,  but  with  the  drawback 
of  considerable  expenses.     T 
the  rn''  •  boys  who  hold  horses 

or  brush  clothes,  or  who  sell  oranges  or  nuts, 
<;;•  ]>u-h  at  roundabouts,  and  the  costers  who  are 
there  on  business.  At  Epsom  races  there  was 
plenty  of  bread,  I  was  informed,  to  be  picked 
up  on  the  ground ;  it  had  been  flung  from  the 
carriages  after  luncheon,  and  I  piece 

of  fish,  supplied  a  meal  or  "  a  relish"  to  hun- 
dreds. 

In  the  public-houses,  a  slice  of  bread,  16  or 
32  being  cut  from  a  quartern  loaf- 
whole  or  half  slices — is  sold  or  offered  with  the 
fish  for  a  penny.    The  cry  of  the  se. 
and  bread,  a  penny."     Sometimes  for  an  extra- 
sized  piece,   with   bread,   2<l.    is    obtained,   but 
Idom,   and   sometimes    two    pieces    are 
given  for  IJrf.     At  the    stalls  bread  is   rarely 
sold  with  the  edible  in  ' 

For    the   itinerant    tr..  :ly  painted 

wooden  tray,  slung  by  a  leathern  strap  from  the 
neck,  is  used :  the  tray  is  papered  over  gene- 
rally with  clean  newspapers,  and  on  the  paper 
is  spread  the  shapeless  brown  lumps  of  fish. 
Parsley  is  often  strewn  over  them,  and  a  salt- 
laced  at  the  discretion  of  the  customer. 
The  trays  contain  from  two  to  five  dozen  ; 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


I  understand  that  no  one  has  a  trade  greatly  in 
advance  of  his  fellows.  The  whole  body  com- 
plain of  their  earnings  being  fai>  less  than  was 
the  case  four  or  five  years  back. 

The  itinerant  fried  fish- sellers,  when  pursuing 
their  avocation,  wear  generally  a  jacket  of  cloth 
or  fustian  buttoned  round  them,  but  the  rest  of 
their  attire  is  hidden  by  the  white  sleeves  and 
apron  some  wear,  or  by  the  black  calico  sleeves 
and  dark  woollen  aprons  worn  by  others. 

The  capital  required  to  start  properly  in  the 
business  is: — frying-pan  Is.  (second-hand  9d.) ; 
tray  2s.  6d.  (second-hand  Srf.);  salt -box  6d. 
(second-hand  Irf.);  and  stock -money  5s. — in 
all  10s.  A  man  has  gone  into  the  trade,  how- 
ever, with  Is.,  which  he  expended  in  fish  and 
oil,  borrowed  a  frying-pan,  borrowed  an  old  tea- 
board,  and  so  started  en  his  venture. 

OF  THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  FRIED  FISH- 
SELLER,    AND    OF    THE    CLASS    OF    CUSTOMERS. 

THE  man  who  gave  me  the  following  informa- 
tion was  well-looking,  and  might  be  about  45  or 
50.  He  was  poorly  dressed,  but  his  old  brown 
surtout  fitted  him  close  and  well,  was  jauntily 
buttoned  up  to  his  black  satin  stock,  worn,  but 
of  good  quality  ;  and,  altogether,  he  had  what  is 
understood  among  a  class  as  "  a  bctterly  appear- 
ance about  him."  His  statement,  as  well  as  those 
of  the  other  vendors  of  provisions,  is  curious  in 
its  details  of  public-house  vagaries . — 

"  I've  been  in  the  trade,"  he  said,  "  seventeen 
years.  Before  that,  I  was  a  gentleman's  ser- 
vant, and  1  married  a  servant-maid,  and  we  had 
a  family,  and,  on  that  account,  couldn't,  either 
of  us,  get  a  situation,  though  we'd  good  charac- 
ters. I  was  out  of  employ  for  seven  or  eight 
months,  and  things  was  beginning  to  go  to  the 
f>r  a  living;  but  at  last,  when  I  gave  up 
;iiiy  hope  of  getting  into  a  gentleman's  service,  I 
raised  10*.,  and  determined  to  try  something 
else.  I  was  persuaded,  by  a  friend  who  kept  a 
beer-shop,  to  sell  oysters  at  his  door.  I  took  his 
went  to  Billingsgate  for  the  first 
time  in  my  life,  and  bought  a  peck  of  oysters  for 
Is.  6d.  I  was  dressed  respectable  then — nothing 
like  the  mess  and  dirt  I'm  in  now"  [I  may 
observe,  that  there  was  no  dirt  about  him]  ; 

o  the  salesman  laid  it  on,  but  I  tri  • 
all  lie  asked.     I  know  a  deal  better  row.     I'd 
never  been  used  to  opci  -1  I  couldn't 

:ingers  with  the  knife  slipping 
:,  and  had  to  hire  a  in 

M  hnve 

run  upon   the  oysters.      F»r  all    i'.. 
t'lt.  6d.  on  that  p'"k,  and  I  soon   got  up  to  the 
trade,  and  did  well ;  till. 
the  season  got  over,  and  I  was  advised,  ' 
same  friend,  to  try 

in  good  families,  where   there  was 
tirst-rate    men-cocks,    and    I    knn.'. 

•  means,     I    bought  a 

forget  what  I  gave   for  the  y  were 

ok  be- 

;  t  was  Satur- 
day— that  I  started;  a; 


from  7s.  to  10s.  every  night,  with  more,  of  ccr.in-o, 
on  Saturday,  and  it  was  half  of  it  profit  then.  I 
cleared  a  good  mechanic's  earnings  at  that  time 
— 30s.  a  week  and  more.  Soon  after,  I  was  told 
that,  if  agreeable,  my  wife  could  have  a  stall 
with  fried  fish,  opposite  a  wine-raults  just 
opened,  and  she  made  nearly  half  as  much  as  I 
did  on  my  rounds.  I  served  the  public-houses, 
and  soon  got  known.  With  some  landlords  I 
had  the  privilege  of  the  parlour,  and  tap-room, 
and  bar,  when  other  tradesmen  have  been  kept 
out.  The  landlords  will  say  to  me  still :  '  You 
can  go  in.  Fishy.'  Somehow,  I  got  the  name  of 
'  Fishy'  then,  and  I've  kept  it  ever  since.  There 
was  hospitality  in  those  days.  I've  gone  into  a 
room  in  a  public-house,  used  by  mechanics,  and 
one  of  them  has  said;  'I'll  stand  fish  round, 
gentlemen;'  and  I've  supplied  fifteen  penn'orths. 
Perhaps  he  was  a  stranger,  such  a  sort  of  cus- 
tomer, that  wanted  to  be  agreeable.  Now.  it's 
more  likely  I  hear:  'Jack,  lend  us  a  penny  to 
buy  a  bit  of  fried  ;'  and  then  Jack  says  :  '  You 
be  d — d!  here,  lass,  let's  have  another  pint.' 
The  insults  and  difficulties  I've  had  in  the  pub- 
lic-house trade  is  dreadful.  I  once  sold  IQd. 
worth  to  three  rough-looking  fellows  I'd  never 
seen  before,  and  they  seemed  hearty,  and  asked 
me  to  drink  with  them,  so  I  took  a  pull ;  but 
they  wouldn't  pay  me  when  I  asked,  and  I 
waited  a  goodish  bit  before  I  did  ask.  I  thought, 
at  first,  it  was  their  fun,  but  I  waited  from  lour 
to  seven,  and  I  found  it  was  no  fun.  I  felt 
upset,  and  ran  out  and  told  the  polieeman,  but 
he  said  it  was  only  a  debt,  and  he  couldn't  inter- 
fere. So  I  ran  to  the  station,  but  the  head  man 
there  said  the  same,  and  told  me  I  should  hand 
over  the  fish  with  one  hand,  and  hold  out  the 
other  hand  for  my  money.  So  I  went  back  to 
the  public-house,  and  asked  for  my  money — and 
there  was  some  mechanics  that  knew  me  there 

then — but  I  got  nothing  but  ' you's  ! '  and 

one  of  'em  used  most  dreadful  language.  At 
last,  one  of  the  mechanics  sr.id  :  '  Muzzle  him, 
Fishy,  if  he  won't  pay.'  lie  was  far  bigger  than 
me,  him  that  was  one  in  debt;  but  my  spirit  was 
up,  and  I  let  go  at  him  and  gave  him  a  bloody 
nose,  and  the  next  hit  I  knocked  him  backward-. 
I'm  sure  I  don't  know  how,  on  to  a  table;  hut 
I  fell  on  him,  and  he  clutched  me  by  th; 
collar — I  was  respectable  dressed  then— and  half 

!  It   tore  the   hack   of  i:  • 

too.  and  1  v.vnt  ho'M-  l:k.-  .liiu  Cro\v.  The  pot- 
man and  tl. 

i     .     • 

it—  but  '.  that  time    : 

into  a  bar,  .?nd  thciv  was  a  hall  in  the  ho; 

re  my 

• 

but  m; 

•till      and    I 
:i   nn  injun 
•?  was  hurt 

:»  public-houM-.  and  a  scramble  for  my 


170 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


fish,  and  all  gone,  and  no  help  and  no  money  for 
me.  The  landlords  always  prevent  such  things, 
when  they  can,  and  interfere  for  a  poor  man ; 
but  then  it's  done  sudden,  and  over  in  an  instant. 
That  sort  of  thing  wasn't  the  worst.  I  once  had 
some  powdery  stuff  flung  sudden  over  me  at  a 
parlour  door.  My  fish  fell  off,  for  I  jumped, 
because  I  felt  blinded,  and  what  became  of  them 
I  don't  know;  but  I  aimed  at  once  for  home — 
it  was  very  late — and  had  to  feel  my  way  almost 
like  a  blind  man.  I  can't  tell  what  I  suffered. 
I  found  it  was  something  black,  for  I  kept  rub- 
bing my  face  with  my  apron,  and  could  just  tell 
it  came  away  black.  I  let  myself  in  with  my 
latch,  and  my  wife  was  in  bed,  and  I  told  her  to 
get  up  and  look  at  my  face  and  get  some  water, 
and  she  thought  I  was  joking,  as  she  was  half 
asleep  ;  but  when  she  got  up  and  got  a  light,  and 
a  glass,  she  screamed,  and  said  I  looked  such  a 
shiny  image ;  and  so  I  did,  as  well  as  I  could 
see,  for  it  was  black  lead— such  as  they  use  for 
grates— that  was  flung  on  me.  I  washed  it  off, 
but  it  wasn't  easy,  and  my  face  was  sore  days 
after.  I  had  a  respectable  coat  on  then,  too, 
which  was  greatly  spoiled,  and  no  remedy  at  all. 
I  don't  kno\r  who  did  it  to  me.  I  heard  some 
one  say:  'You're  served  out  beautiful'  Its 
men  that  calls  themselves  gentlemen  that  does 
>,uch  things.  I  know  the  style  of  them  then — 
it  was  eight  or  ten  years  ago;  they'd  heanl  of 

Lord  ,  and  his  goings  on.     That  way  it's 

better  now,  but  worse,  far,  in  the  way  of  getting 
a  living.  I  dare  say,  if  I  had  dressed  in  rough 
coraeroys,  I  shouldn't  have  been  larked  at  so 
much,  because  they  might  have  thought  I  \\;,> 
a  r<  gular  coster,  and  a  fighter;  but  I  don't  like 
that  sort  of  thing — I  like  to  be  decent  and  re- 
spectable, if  I  can. 

"I've  been  in  the  'fried'  trade  ever  since, 
except  about  three  months  that  I  tried  the  sand- 
wiches. I  didn't  do  so  well  in  them,  but  it  was 
a  far  easier  trade  ;  no  carrying  heavy  weights  all 
the  way  from  Billingsgate:  but  I  went  back  to 
the  fried.  "Why  now,  sir,  a  good  week  with  me 
— and  I've  only  myself  in  the  trade  now"  [he 
was  a  widower] — "is  to  earn  12s.,  a  poor  week 
is  9*. ;  and  there's  as  many  of  one  as  of  the 
other.  I'm  known  to  sell  the  best  of  iish,  and 
to  cook  it  in  the  best  style.  I  think  half  of  us, 
take  it  round  and  round  for  a  year,  may  earn  as 
much  as  I  do,  and  the  other  half  about  half  as 
much.  I  think  so.  I  might  have  saved  money, 
but  for  a  family.  I've  only  one  at  home  with 
me  now,  and  he  really  is  a  good  lad.  My  cus- 
tomers are  public-house  people  that  want  a 
relish  or  a  sort  of  supper  with  their  beer,  not  so 
much  to  drinkers.  I  sell  to  tradesmen,  too ;  4c/. 
worth  for  tea  or  supper.  Some  of  them  send  to 
my  place,  for  I'm  known.  The  Great  Exhibi- 
tion can't  be  any  difference  to  me.  I've  a  regu- 
lar round.  I  used  to  sell  a  good  deal  to  women 
of  the  town,  but  I  don't  now.  They  haven't  the 
money,  I  believe.  Where  I  took  10s.  of  them, 
eight  or  ten  years  ago,  I  now  take  only  6d.  They 
jnay  go  for  other  sorts  of  relishes  now ;  I  can't 
s-y.  The  worSt  of  my  trade  is,  that  people  must 


have  as  big  penn'orths  when  fish  is  dear  as  when 
its  cheap.  I  never  sold  a  piece  of  fish  to  an 
Italian  boy  in  my  life,  though  they're  Catholics. 
Indeed,  I  never  saw  an  Italian  boy  spend  a  half- 
penny in  the  streets  on  anything." 

A  working-man  told  me  that  he  often  bought 
fried  fish,  and  accounted  it  a  good  to  men  like 
himself.  He  was  fond  of  fried  fish  to  his  sup- 
per ;  he  couldn't  buy  half  so  cheap  as  the  street - 
sellers,  perhaps  not  a  quarter  ;  and,  if  he  could, 
it  would  cost  him  \d.  for  dripping  to  fry  the  fish 
in,  and  he  got  it  ready,  and  well  fried,  and  gene- 
rally good,  for  Id. 

Subsequent  inquiries  satisfied  me  that  my  in- 
formant was  correct  as  to  his  calculations  of  his 
fellows'  earnings,  judging  from  his  own.  The 
price  of  plaice  at  Billingsgate  is  from  \td.  to  111. 
each,  according  to  size  (the  fried  fish  purveyor, 
never  calculate  by  thp  weight),  frf.  being  a  fair 
average.  A  plaice  costing  \d.  will  now  be  fried 
into  four  pieces,  each  Id. ;  but  the  addition  of 
bread,  cost  of  oil,  £c.,  reduces  the  "fried" 
peoples'  profits  to  rather  less  than  cent,  per 
cent.  Soles  and  the  other  fish  are,  moreover, 
30  per  cent,  dearer  than  plaice.  As  150  sellers 
make  as  much  weekly  as  my  informant,  and  the 
other  150  half  that  amount,  we  have  an  average 
earning  of  '271.  6'.s.  in  one  case,  and  of 
13/.  13s.  in  the  other.  Taking  only  '201. 
as  a  medium  earning,  and  adding  90  per  cent 
for  profit,  the  outlay  on  the  fried  fish  supplied 
by  London  street-sellers  is  11,40C/. 

OF     THE      PREPARATION     AND     QUANTITY     OK 
SHEEP'S    TUOTTEKS,   AND    OF    THE    Si. 
SELLERS. 

THE  sale  of  sheep's  trotters,  as  a  regular  street- 
trade,  is  confined  to  London,  Liverpool,  !ww- 
castle-on-Tyne,  and  a  few  more  of  our  greater 
towns.  The  "trotter,"  as  it  is  commonly  called, 
is  the  boiled  foot  of  the  sheep.  None  of  my 
readers  can  have  formed  any  commensurate 
notion  of  the  extent  of  the  sale  in  London,  and 
to  some  readers  the  very  existence  of  such  a 
comestible  may  be  unknown.  The  great  supply 
now  required  is  readily  attained.  The  whole- 
sale trade  is  now  in  the  hands  of  one  fellmonger- 
ing  firm,  though  until  within  these  twenty 
months  or  so  there  were  two,  and  the  feet  arc- 
cut  off  the  sheep-skins  by  the  salesmen  in  the 
skin-market,  in  Bermondsey,  and  conveyed  to 
the  fellmonger's  premises  in  carts  and  in 
trucks. 

Sheep's  trotters,  one  of  my  informants  could 
remember,  were  sold  in  the  streets  fifty 
ago,  but  in  such  small  quantities  that  it  could 
hardly  be  called  a  trade.  Instead  of  being  pre- 
pared wholesale  as  at  present,  and  then  sold  out 
to  the  retailers,  the  trotters  were  then  prepared 
by  the  individual  retailers,  or  by  small  traders 
in  tripe  and  cow  -  heel.  Twenty  -  five  year- 
ago  nearly  all  the  sheep's  trotters  were  "  lined 
and  prepared,"  when  the  skin  came  into 
the  hands  of  the  fellmonger,  for  the  pis; 
size  makers.  Twenty  years  ago  only  abov 


LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  177 


'•1A.V. 

• 


No.  12. 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


179 


twentieth  cf  the  trotters  now  prepared  for  eating 
were  devoted  to  the  same  purpose ;  and  it  was 
not  until  about  fifteen  years  back  that  the  trade 
began  to  reavh  its  present  magnitude ;  and  for 
nrs  it  has  been  about  station- 
ary, but  there  were  never  more  sold  than  last 
year. 

Prom  fifteen  to  twenU 

owing  principally  to  improved  modes  of  manu- 
facture, became  cheaper,  so  that  it  paid  the  fell- 
r  better  to  dispose  of  the  trotters  as  an 
•'cooked"  for  the  poor^  than  to  the  glue- 
boiler. 

The  process  of  cooki  1  on  rapidly 

iellmonger's  in  question.     The  l 
:tlded  for  about  half  an  hour.     After  that 
from  t.  mployed  in  scoop- 

ing out  the  hoofs,  which  are  sold  for  manure  or 

• 

.iat  the  skin  should  not 
be  inu.. 

ut  four  hours,  and  they  are  then  ready 
for  m:. 

The  proprietor  of  this  establishment,  after  he- 
had    <  me    the    information    I 
requir                                 .vaik  round  his  p: 
cd,  and  observe  bow  the   1 

ve,  and 
of  the 

•er  business  is  k 

VVithin 

a  set  being  the  coin- 

. 
[coppers,  on  voted  to  the 

the  trotters. 
::iagine  to  be 
_r,  boil- 

ul  to  the  no-:  Thus 

are,  weekly,  "coi 

f  the  poorer  classes,  or  as  a  n  v 


floe*  and  fires  make  all  part 

a  place  to  themselves 
opposite  side  o 

ork  has  form*  running  a 
and  each  woman  has  a  sort  of  be 

.    seat,  on  which   she   scrape*   the 

of  the  best  of  these  work-. 
•crape  150  sets,  or  GOO  feet  in  a  • 
average  of  the  work  is  600  sets  I 

omen  and  girls.     1  saw  no  girl*  but 
Mtmtd  above  seventeen  or  eighteen,  and 

xcced- 

merry,  laughing  .-.  .n»d  Appear- 

•  •M   .,icr  that  .1  li   i,  MM    «  .     .,-  t  <•:  j  riina.-y 
as  the    talked   , 


I   saw   non 


ently 


dressed,    some   were    good-looking,    and    none 
seemed  sickly. 

In  this  establishment  are  prepared,  weekly, 
20,000  sets,  or  80,000  f,  -  :  (ge  of 

4,160,000  trotters,  or  tin-  <  >.000  sheep. 

Of  this    quantity    the    street-folk    buy    - 
eighths;    ;;.ii  10.000   trotters   yearly,   or   70.00'J 
The  number  of   sheep  trotter-sellers 
may  be  taken  at  oOO,  which  p. 
nearly  sixty  >ets  a  week  per  individual. 

The  wholesale  price,  at  the  "trotter  yard,"  is 
five  a  penny,   which    gives   an    outlay    by    the 
oilers  of  3,0317.  11s.  yearly. 

But   this    is   not    the   whole    of    the 
Lamb's  trotters  are  also  prepared,  but  only  to 
one-twentieth  of  the  quantity  of  sheep's  ti otter?, 
and   that   for   only  three   months  of  the  year. 
These  are  all  sold  to  the  street-sellers.      The 
lamb's    foot    is   usually  left    appended    to   the 
leg  and  shoulder  of  lamb.     It  is  weighed  with 
t.  but  the  butcher's  man  or  boy  will  say 
to  the   purchaser:   "Do   you  want   the   foot?'*' 
..nswer  is  usually  in  th-  it  is  at 

once  cut  oil'  and  forms  a  "  perquisite."     There 
:ie  half  dozen  men,  journeymen  butchers 
not  fully  enrployed,  who  collu  t.  pre- 

pare and  sell   them  to  the  streeUpeople,  but  as 
the  lamb's  l\  those 

(if  the  ft]  •!  direct  from  the  skin  market 

to — so  to  speak — the  great  trolter  kitchen,  the 
demand   for  "lamb's"    falls  Last 

year  the  sale  may  be  taken  at  about  l-l^Ot  < 

out  4GV.,  the  same  price 

The  sellers  of  t  are  stntio- 

public-house   and    theatre    doors,    and    at 

.  and  itinerant,  but  itinerant  chiefly  from 
one  public  house  to  another  arc  a  wretchedly 
poor  class.     Three  fourths  of  them  are  elderly 
women  and  children,   the  great  majority 
Irish  people,  and  t  n  girls 

in  the  trade.     The  capital  r.  'art  in 

ier    or 

trotters  a: 

. 
3t.  is  all  th.: 

I 

STATEMENTS  ot  E  ".MEN. 

one   woman,  who,  I   am   assure- 
be  taken  as  a  fur  lass  of 

£    SOt- 

beyond 

means — I   1 

room  of  a  lofty  house  in 

*  r  son,  a  ( •'  '  ;    hi* 

»  side,  was  cleaning  k 
he  had 

irhood,   who   p« 

in  wh  .  •  ICT  pronounced  better   than 

money— broken  victuals,  because  they  « 
such  good,  whole* 


180 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


is  of  a  good  size,  had  its  red-brown  plaster  walls, 
stained°in  parts  with  damp,  but  a  great  portion 
was  covered  with  the  cheap  engravings  "  given 
away  with  No.  6"  (or  any  other  number)  of  some 
periodical  "of  thrilling  interest ;"  while  the  nar- 
row mantel-shelf  was  almost  covered  with  pot 
figures  of  dumpy  men,  red-breeched  and  blue- 
coated,  and  similar  ornaments.  I  have  often 
noted  such  attempts  to  subdue,  as  it  were,  the 
grimness  of  poverty,  by  the  poor  who  had  "  seen 
better  days."  The  mother  was  tall  and  spare, 
and  the  boy  had  that  look  of  premature  sedate- 
ness,  his  face  being  of  a  sickly  hue,  common  to 
l  hose  of  quiet  dispositions,  who  have  been  afflicted 
from  their  childhood  : — 

"  I'm  the  widow  of  a  sawyer,  sir,"  said  Mrs. 

,  with  a  very  slight  brogue,  for  she  was  an 

Irishwoman,  "  and  I've  been  a  widow  18  long 
years.  I'm  54,  I  believe,  but  that  18  years  seems 
longer  than  all  the  rest  of  my  life  together.  My 
husband  earned  hardly  ever  less  than  30s.  a  week, 
sometimes  3/.,  and  I  didn't  know  what  pinching 
was.  But  I  was  left  destitute  with  four  young 
children,  and  had  to  bring  them  up  as  well  as 
I  could,  by  what  I  could  make  by  washing  and 
charing,  and  a  hard  fight  it  was.  One  of  my 
children  wcnt^r  a  soldier,  one's  dead,  another's 
married,  and  that's  the  youngest  there.  Ah  ! 
poor  fellow,  what  he's  gone  through  !  He's  had 
18  abscesses,  one  after  another,  and  he  lias  been 
four  times  in  Bartholomew's.  There's  only  God 
above  to  help  him  when  I'm  gone.  My  health 
broke  six  years  ago,  and  I  couldn't  do  hard  work 
•n  washing,  and  I  took  to  trotter  selling,  because 
one  of  my  neighbours  was  in  that  way.  and  tol.l 
me  how  to  go  about  it.  My  son  sells  t: 
too;  he  always  sits  at  the  corner  of  this  street. 
I  go  from  one  public-house  to  another,  and 
sometimes  stand  at  the  door,  or  sit  inside,  bo- 
cause  I'm  known  and  have  leave.  But  I  can't 
either  sit,  or  stand,  or  walk  long  at  a  time,  I'm 
so  rheumatic.  No,  sir,  I  can't  say  I  was  ever 
badly  insulted  in  a  public-house ;  but  I  only  go 
to  those  I  know.  Others  may  be  different.  Vv'e 
depend  mostly  on  trotters,  but  I  have  a  shilling 
and  my  meat,  for  charing,  a  day  in  every  week. 
I've  tried  'winks  and  whelks  too,  'cause  I  thought 
they  might  be  more  in  my  pocket  than  trotters, 
but  they  don't  suit  a  poor  woman  that's  begun 
a  street-trade  when  she's  not  very  young.  And 
the  trotters  can  be  carried  on  with  so  little 
money.  It's  not  so  long  ago  that  I've  sold  three- 
penn'orth  of  trotters — that  is,  him  and  me  has — 
pretty  early  in  the  evening;  I'd  bought  them 

at  Mr. 's,  in  Bermondsey,  in  the  afternoon, 

for  we  can  buy  three  penn'orth,  and  I  walked 
there  again — perhaps  it's  four  miles  there  and 
back — and  bought  another  3d.  worth.  The  firs: 
three-pence  was  all  I  could  rise.  It's  a  long 
weary  way  for  me  to  walk,  but  some  walk  from 
Poplar  and  Limehouse.  If  I  lay  out  2s.  on  the 
Saturday  —  there's  15  sets  for  Is.,  that's  GO 
t  rotters — they'll  carry  us  on  to  Monday  night, 
;md  sometimes,  if  they'll  keep,  to  Tuesday  night. 
:  >i.os  I  could  sell  half-a-crown's  worth  in 
less  :ime.  I  have  to  go  to  Bermondsey  three  or 


four  times  a  week.  The  trade  was  far  better  r."\ 
years  ago,  though  trotters  were  dearer  then,  only 
13  sets  Is.,  then  14,  now  15.  For  some  verV 
few,  that's  very  fine  and  very  big,  I  get  a  penny 
a  piece  ;  for  some  I  get  \\d.  for  two  ;  the  most  '*s 
$d.  each;  some's  four  for  IJrf. ;  and  some  I 
have  to  throw  into  the  dust-hole.  The  two  of 
us  earns  5*.  a  week  on  trotters,  not  more,  I  'm 
sure.  I  sell  to  people  in  the  public-houses  ; 
some  of  them  may  be  rather  the  worse  for  drink, 
but  not  so  many ;  regular  drunkards  buys  no- 
thing but  drink.  tl've  sold  them  too  to  steady, 
respectable  gentlemen,  that's  been  passing  in 
the  street,  who  put  them  in  their  pockets  for 
supper.  My  rent'.^  ].*.  a  week." 

I  then  had  some  conversation  wirh  the  poor 
lad.     He'd  had  many  a  bitter  night,  he   told 
me,  from  half- past  five  to  twelve,  for  he  kne-v 
thcre.  was  no  breakfast  for  his  mother  and  him 
if  he  couldn't  sell  some  trotters.     He  had  a  cry 
sometimes.     He  didn't  know  any  good  it  di:I 
him,  but  he   couldn't  help  it.     The   boys  ga- 
thered round  him  sometimes,  and  teased  him. 
and  snatched  at  his  crutch;  and  the  polv 
said  that  he  must  make  him  "move  on," 
encouraged  the  boys  about  him.     He  didn't  lik*_? 
the  boys  any  more  than  they  were  fond  of  the 
policemen.     He  had  often  sad  thoughts  as  he 
sat  with  his  trotters  before  him,  when  he 
cry  ;  he  wondered  if  ever  he  would  be  bett 
but  what  could  he  do  1     He  could  read,  but  n«. 
write;  he  liked  to  read  very  well  when  he  h;.  . 
anything   to  read.     Jlis  mother  and  he  never 

Another  old  woman,  very  poorly,  but  ratb  i 
tidily  dressed,  gave  me  the  following  account, 
which  shows  a  little  of  public-house  custom : — 

"  I've  seen  better  days,  sir,  I  have  indeed  ;   I 
don't  like  to  talk  about  that,  but  now  I'm  only 
a  poor  sheep's  trotter  seller,  and  I've  been  one  :•. 
good  many  years.     I  don't  know  how  Ion. 
I  don't  like  to  think  about  it      It's  a  si; 
brfd  trade,   and  such  insults  as  we  have  to  pur 
up  with.     I  serve  some   public-houses,   and    I 
stand  sometimes  at  a  playhouse-door.      I 
3s.  or  3s.  6d.  a  week,   and  in  a  very  gooa 
4s.,  but,  then,  I  sometimes  make  only  ~2s.     I'iri 
infirm  now,  God  help  me!  and  I  can  do  n 
else.     Another  old  woman  and  me  has  a 
between  us,  at  Is.  \d.  a  week.     M 
best  name  I'm  called  in  a  public-house,  and  it 
ain't  a  respectable  name.     '  Here,  mothc- 
us  one  of  your  b —  trotters,'  is  often  said  • 
One  customer  sometimes  says:    'The  si 
choke  me,  but  that's  as  good  as  the  Uiiio; 
ain't  a  bad  man,  though.     He  sometime^ 
me.     He'll  bait  my  trotters,  but  that's  his  lark- 
ing way,  and  then  he'll 

'  A  pennorth  o'  pin, 

'11  make  your  old  body  spin-' 

It's  his  own  poetry,  he  says.  I  don'; 
what  he  is,  but  he's  often  drunk,  pcor  1 
Women's  far  worse  to  please  than  men. 
known  a  woman  buy  a  trotter,  put  her 
into  it.  and  then  sr.v  it  wasn't  good,  and  ' 
it.  It  wasn't  paid  for  when  si: 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


181 


cause  I   grumbled,  I  was  abused  by  her,  as  if 
I'd  been  u  Turk.     The  landlord  interfered,  and 
he  said,  said  he,  '  I  '11  not  have  this  poor  woman 
insulted;    she's  here   for   the    convenience   of 
them  as  requires  trotters,  and  she's  a  well-con- 
ducted woman,  and  I'll  not  have  her  insulted,' 
s  he,  lofty  and  like  a  gentleman, 
sir.     '  Why,   who's    insulting    the   old   b — h  ? ' 
.(.•  woman,   says  she.      '  Why,  you  are,' 
ie  landlord,  says  he,  'and  you  ought  to 
r  for  her  trotter,   or  how  is  she  to  live  ? ' 
'  What  the  b —  h — 11  do  I  care  how  she  lives.' 
•he  woman,    'its    nothing    to  me,  and    I 
won't  pay  her.'     '  Then  I  will,'  .says  the  land- 
lord, say's  he,  '  here's  6</.,'  and  he  wouldn't  take 
the  change.     After   that   I    soon   sold  all  my 
trotters,  and  some  gave  mo  double  price,  when 
the  landlord  showed  himself  such  a  gentleman, 
and  I  went  out  and  bought  nine  trotters  move, 
another  woman's  stock,   that   she  was   dreading 
she  couldn't  sell,  and  I  got  through  them  in  no 
time.     It  was  the  best  trotter  night  I  ever  had. 
sn't  a  woman  of  the  town  as  used  me  so. 
I  have  had  worse  sauce  from  modest  women,  as 
•.lied  themselves,  than  from  the  women 
of  the   town,  for  plenty   of  tiu'm   knows  what 
y   is,   and   is    civiier,    poor   tilings — yes. 
I'm  sure  of  that,  though  it's  a  shocking  life — 
O,  shocking  !     I  never  go  to  the  playhouse-door 
but  on  a  fine  night.     Young  men  treats  their 
.carts  to  a  trotter,  for  a  relish,  with  a  drop 
of  beer  between  the   acts.     Wet  nights  is   th-. 
-.or    public-houses.      '  They're    not    salt 
enough,'  has  been  said  to  me,  oft  enough,  '  they 
don't  make  a  man  thirsty.'      It'll  come  to  the  j 
workhouse  with  me  before  long,  and,  perhaps, 
all  the  better.     It'*  warm  in   the  public-house, 
and    that   draw,    me  to  sell  my    trotters   there 
sometimes.       I  live  on   fish   and  bread  a  good 

re-turns   I   collected   show  that  there  is 
in  London  streets  on  trotters, 
:ting  their  sale,  r<.t;ul,  at  \d.  each,  G,500/.. 
iugh  the  regular  price  is  %d.,  some  trotters 
.<!  at  four  lor  ]£<•/..  very  few  higher  than 
.1  sonic  are  kept  until  they  are  unsaleable, 
•  the  amount  may  be  estimated  at  • 
r  individual 

urn     is 

D  POTATOES. 
.   in  the  way  it  is 

M.-istcd  as  chestnut*  are 

usually    a     lar: 


toes  are  greatly  used  now,  as  they  are  cheaper 
than  the  English.  The  potatoes  are  picked, 
and  those  of  a  large  size,  and  with  a  rough 
skin,  selected  from  the  others,  because  they  are 
the  mealiest.  A  waxy  potato  shrivels  in  the 
baking.  There  are  usually  from  280  to  500 
potatoes  in  the  cwt ;  these  are  cleaned  by  t he- 
huckster,  and,  when  dried,  taken  in  baskets, 
about  a  quarter  cwt.  at  a  time,  to  the  baker's,  to 
be  cooked.  They  are  baked  in  large  tins,  and 
require  an  hour  and  a  half  to  do  them  well. 
The  charge  for  baking  is  9d.  the  cwt..  the  baker 
usually  finding  the  tins.  They  are  taken  home 
from  the  bakehouse  in  a  basket,  with  a  yard  and 
a  half  of  green  baize  in  which  they  are  covered 
up,  and  so  protected  from  the  cold.  The  huck- 
ster then  places  them  in  his  can,  which  consists 
of  a  tin  with  a  half-lid ;  it  stands  on  four  legs, 
and  has  a  large  handle  to  it,  while  an  iron  fire- 
pot  is  suspended  immediately  beneath  the  vessel 
which  is  used  for  holding  the  potatoes.  Di- 
rectly over  the  fire-pot  is  a  boiler  for  hot  water. 
This  is  concealed  within  the  vessel,  and  &erve> 
to  keep  the  potatoes  always  hot.  Outside  the 
vessel  where  the  potatoes  are  kept  is,  at  one 
end,  a  small  compartment  for  butter  and  salt, 
and  at  the  other  end  another  compartment  for 
fresh  charcoal.  Above  the  boiler,  and  beside 
the  lid,  is  a  small  pipe  for  carrying  oil'  the 
steam.  These  potato -cans  are  sometime.-- 
brightly  polished,  sometimes  painted  ru. 
occasionally  brass-mounted.  Some  of  the 
handsomest  are  all  brass,  and  some  are  highly 
ornamented  with  brass-mountings.  Great  pride 
is  taken  in  the  cans.  The  J)aked-potato  man 
usually  devotes  half  an  hour  to  polishing  them 
up,  and  they  are  mostly  kept  as  bright  as  silver. 
The  handsomest  potato-can  is  now  in  ." 
ditch.  It  cost  ten  guineas,  and  is  of  brass 
mounted  with  German  silver.  There  are  threr 
lamps  attached  to  it,  with  coloured  glass,  and  oi 

:o  accord  with  that  of  the  machiiu 
lamp    ccst    5s.      The   expense   of  an    ordinary 
can.  tin  and  brass-mounted,  is  about  50s.    The) 
are  mostly  made  by  a  tinman   in  the  llatelifie- 
highway/   The  usual  places  for  these  c, 
stand  are  the  principal  thoroughfares  and 
markets.     It  is  considered  by  one  who  has  been 
many   years  at   the   business,   that   there 

:   gul;:r  stands  and  those 

who  arc'  travelling  with  their  cans  on  their  arm, 
hundred     individuals    enga 

ion.      The :  at  the 

bottom  of  Farringdon-street.   two  in  Smithfielr. 
and    thre>-   in   Toituihai. 

said    to    be    tin 

I 
in-hill,   o:: 

' 

of  Oxfoid- 


182 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


in  Newgate-mcirket,  two  at  the  Angel,  Isling- 
ton, three  at  Shoreditch  church,  four  ahout 
Rosemary-lane,  two  at  Whitechapel,  two  near 
Spitalfic-lds-market,  and  more  than  double  the 
above  number  wandering  about  London.  Some 
of  the  cans  have  names — as  the  "  Royal  Union 
Jack"  (engraved  in  a  brass  plate),  the  "Royal 
George,"  the  "  Prince  of  Wales,"  the  "  Original 
Baked  Potatoes,"  and  the  "  Old  Original  Baked 
Potatoes." 

The  business  begins  about  the  middle  of 
August  and  continues  to  the  latter  end  of  April, 
or  as  soon  as  the  potatoes  get  to  any  size, — 
until  they  are  pronounced  '  bad."  The  season, 
upon  an  average,  lasts  about  half  the  year, 
and  depends  much  upon  the  weather.  If 
it  is  cold  and  frosty,  the  trade  is  brisker 
than  in  wet  weather ;  indeed  then  little  is  doing. 
The  best  hours  for  business  are  from  half-past 
ten  in  the  morning  till  two  in  the  afternoon, 
and  from  five  in  the  evening  till  eleven  or 
twelve  at  night.  The  night  trade  is  considered 
the  best.  In  cold  weather  the  potatoes  are  fre- 
quently bought  to  warm  the  hands.  Indeed, 
an  eminent  divine  classed  them,  in  a  public 
speech,  among  the  best  of  modern  improve- 
ments, it  being  a  cheap  luxury  to  the  poor 
•wayfarer,  who  was  benumbed  in  the  night  by 
cold,  and  an  excellent  medium  for  diffusing 
warmth  into  the  system,  by  being  held  in  the 
gloved  hand.  Some  buy  them  in  the  morning 
for  lunch  and  some  for  dinner.  A  newsvender, 
who  had  to  take  a  hasty  meal  in  his  shop,  told 
me  he  was  "  always  glad  to  hear  the  baked- 
potato  cry,  as  it  made  a  dinner  of  what  was 
only  a  snack  without  it."  The  best  time  at 
night,  is  about  nine,  when  the  potatoes  are 
purchased  for  supper. 

The  customers  consist  of  all  classes.  Many 
gentlefolks  buy  them  in  the  street,  and  take 
them  home  for  supper  in  their  pockets ;  but  the 
working  classes  are  the  greatest  purchasers. 
Many  boys  and  girls  lay  out  a  halfpenny  in  a 
baked  potato.  Irishmen  are  particularly  fond 
of  them,  but  they  are  the  worst  customers,  I  am 
told,  as  they  want  the  largest  potatoes  in  the 
can.  Women  buy  a  great  number  of  those  sold. 
Some  take  them  home,  and  some  eat  them  in 
the  street.  Three  baked  potatoes  are  as  much 
as  will  satisfy  the  stoutest  appetite.  One  potato 
dealer  in  Smithfield  is  said  to  sell  about  2JJ  cwt. 
of  potatoes  on  a  market-day;  or,  in  other  words, 
from  900  to  1,000  potatoes,  and  to  take  upwards 
of  21.  One  informant  told  me  that  he  himself 
had  often  sold  1  §  cwt.  of  a  day,  and  taken  1  /.  in 
halfpence.  I  am  informed,  that  upon  an  ave- 
rage, taking  the  good  stands  with  the  bad  ones 
throughout  London,  there  are  about  1  cwt.  of 
potatoes  sold  by  each  baked-potato  man — and 
there  are  200  of  these  throughout  the  metro- 
polis—  making  the  total  quantity  of  baked 
potatoes  consumed  every  day  10  tons.  The 
money  spent  upon  these  comes  to  within  a  few 
shillings  of  125/.  (calculating  300  potatoes  to 
the  cwt.,  and  each  of  those  potatoes  to  be  sold 
at  a  halfpenny).  Hence,  there  are  GO  tons  of 


baked  potatoes  eaten  in  London  streets,  and 
750/.  spent  upon  them  every  weok  during  the 
season.  Saturdays  and  Mondays  arc  the  best 
days  for  the  sale  of  baked  potatoes  in  those 
parts  of  London  that  are  not  near  the  markets ; 
but  in  those  in  the  vicinity  of  Clare,  Newport, 
Covent-garden,  Newgate,  Smithfield,  and  other 
markets,  the  trade  is  briskest  on  the  market- 
days.  The  baked-potato  men  are  many  of  them 
broken-down  tradesmen.  Many  are  labourers 
who  find  a  difficulty  of  obtaining  employment 
in  the  winter  time ;  some  are  costermongers ; 
some  have  been  artisans  ;  indeed,  there  are  some 
of  all  classes  among  them. 

After  the  baked   potato  season  is  over,  the 
generality  of  the  hucksters  take  to  selling  straw- 
berries,    raspberries,     or    anything    in    season. 
Some  go  to  labouring  work.     One  of  my  in- 
formants, who  had  been  a  bricklayer's  labourer. 
said  that  after  the  season  he  always  look 
for  work  among  the  bricklayers,  and  this  kept 
him  employed   until   the    baked   potato   : 
came  round  again. 

li  When  I  first  took  to  it,"  he  said,  "  I  was 
very  badly  oil'.  My  master  had  no  employment 
for  me,  and  my  brother  was  ill,  and  so  was  my 
wife's  sister,  and  I  had  no  way  of  keeping  'em, 
or  myself  either.  The  labouring  men  are  mostly 
oat  of  work  in  the  winter  time,  so  I  spoke  to  a 
friend  of  mine,  and  he  told  me  how  he  managed 
every  winter,  and  advised  me  to  do  the  same. 
1  took  to  it,  and  have  stuck  to  it  ever 
The  trade  was  much  better  then.  I  could  buy 
a  hundred- weight  of  potatoes  for  Is.  9d.  to  2s.  3</., 
and  there  were  fewer  to  sell  them.  We  gene- 
rally use  to  a  cwt.  of  potatoes  three-quarters  of 
a  pound  of  butter — tenpenny  salt  butter  is  what 
we  buy — a  pennyworth  of  salt,  a  pennyworth  of 
pepper,  and  five  pennyworth  of  charcoal.  This, 
with  the  baking,  9d.,  brings  the  expenses  to  just 
upon  7s.  6d.  per  cwt.,  and  for  this  our  receipts 
will  be  12s.  6d.,  thus  leaving  about  Js.  per  cwt. 
profit."  Hence  the  average  profits  of  the  trade 
are  about  30s.  a  v/eek — '•  and  more  to  .- 
said  my  informant.  A  man  in  Smithficld- 
market,  I  am  credibly  informed,  clears  at  the 
least  3/.  a  week.  On  the  Friday  he  has  a  fresh 
basket  of  hot  potatoes  brought  to  him  from  the 
baker's  every  quarter  of  an  hour.  Such  : 
custom  that  he  has  not  even  time  to  take  money, 
and  his  wife  stands  by  his  side  to  do  so. 

Another  potato- vender  who  shifted  his  can, 
he  said,  "  from  a  public-house  where  the  tap 
dined  at  twelve,"  to  another  half-a-mile  oftj 
where  it  "  dined  at  one,  and  so  did  the  par- 
lour," and  afterwards  to  any  place  he  deemed 
best,  gave  me  the  following  account  of  his  cus- 
tomers :  — 

"  Such  a  day  as  this,  sir  [Jan.  2-1-1.  when  thc- 
fog's  like  a  cloud  come  down,  people  looks 
shy  at  my  taties,  very;  they've  been  more  sus- 
picious ever  since  the  taty  rot.  I  thought  I 
should  never  have  rekivered  it ;  never,  not  the 
rot.  I  sell  most  to  mechanics — I  was  a  grocer's 
porter  myself  before  I  . — for  f 

their   dinners,   and  they're  on  for  good 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


183 


where  I  serves  the  taps  and  parlours^  and  pays 
me  without  grumbling,  like  gentlemen.  Gen- 
tlemen does  grumble  though,  for  I've  sold  to 

;.t  private  houses  when  they've  held  the 
door  half  open  as  they've  called  me— aye,  and 
ladies  too — and  they've  said,  '  Is  that  all  for 
If  it  'd  been  a  peck  they'd  have  said  the 
same,  I  know.  Some  customers  is  very  plea- 
sant with  me,  and  says  I'm  a  blessing.  One 
says  he'll  give  me  a  ton  of  taties  when 

:;>  comes  home,  'cause  he  can  always  have 
a  hot  murphy  to  his  cold  saveloy,  when  tin's 
short.  He's  a  harness-maker,  and  the  railways 
has  injured  him.  There's  Union-street  and 
there's  Pearl-row,  and  there's  Market-street, 
now, — they're  all  off  the  Borough-road — if  I 
go  there  at  ten  at  night  or  so,  I  can  sell  3s. 
worth,  perl;  they  know  me,  and  I 

.nother  baked  taty  to  help  there  some- 
times. They're  women  that's  r.ot  reckoned  the 
best  in  the  world  that  buys  there,  but  they  pay 
me.  I  know  why  I  got  my  name  up.  I  had 
luck  to  have  good  fruit  when  the  rot  was  about, 
and  they  got  to  know  me.  I  only  go  twice  or 
thrice  a  week,  ftr  it's  two  miles  from  my  regu- 
lar places.  I've  trusted  them  sometimes. 

•  e  said  to   me,  as  modest  as  could  be, 
'  Do  give  me  credit,   and  'pon  my  word  you 
shall    be    paid;    there's   a   dear!'     I   am    paid 
mostly.     Little  shopkeepers  is  fair  customers, 
but   I   do  best  for  the  taps  and  the  parlours. 
Perhaps  I  make  12s.  or  1 5s.  a  week — I  hardly 

:or  I've  only  myself  and  keep   no  'count 

tiie  season;  money  goes  one   can't   tell 

nd  'specially  if  you  drinks  a  drop,  as  I 

do  son  -.v cather  drives  me  to  it, 

•  worritted  ;   that  is,  now  and  then,  you'll 
mind. 

There  are,  at  present,  300  vendors  of  hot 
baked  potatoes  getting  their  living  in  the  streets 
of  Loi.  :  whom  sell,  upon  an  average, 

daily.     The  average  takings 
of  ear'.  ,iay;  and  the  rer< 

the  wh  ,t  the  season  (which 

lasts  1.  r  end  of  September  till  March 

^l  of  G  months,  is  14,()00/. 
A  c.'i  rt  in  this  trade  as, 

follows: — can.  21.  ;  kni'  .-money,  8*.; 

charge 

r.    1  d.  ; 
altogc ; 

OF   ' 

ilatinns     nr 
a  man  v, 
now, 


might  be  hailed  as  saving  a  walk  of  a  mile,  or 
a  mile  and  a  half,  to  a  butcher's  shop,  for  only 
tradesmen  of  a  smaller  capital  then  opened 
butcher's  shops  in  the  remoter  suburbs.  For  a 
suburban  butcher  to  send  round  "  for  orders " 
at  that  period  would  have  occupied  too  much 
time,  for  a  distance  must  be  traversed;  and  to 
have  gone,  or  sent,  on  horseback,  would  have 
entailed  the  keeping  or  hiring  of  a  horse,  which 
was  in  those  days  an  expensive  matter.  One 
butcher  who  told  me  that  he  had  known  the 
trade,  man  and  boy,  for  nearly  fifty  years,  said  : 
"As  to  'trotting,'  a  small  man  couldn't  so 
well  do  it,  for  if  20/.  was  offered  for  a  tidy 
horse  in  the  war  time  it  would  most  likely  be 
said,  '  I'll  get  more  for  it  in  the  cavaldry — for 
it  was  often  called  cavaldry  then — there's'better 
plunder  there.'  (Plunder,  I  may  explain,  is  a 
common  word  in  the  horse  trade  to  express 
profit.)  So  it  wasn't  so  easy  to  get  a  horse." 
The  trotting  butchers  were  then  men  sent  or 
going  out  from  the  more  frequented  parts  to 
supply  the  suburbs,  but  in  many  cases  only 
when  a  tradesman  was  "hung  up"  with  meat. 
They  carried  from  20  to  100  Ib.  of  meat  gene- 
rally in  one  basket,  resting  on  the  pommel  of 
the  saddle,  and  attached  by  a  long  leathern 
strap  to  the  person  of  the  "trotter."  The 
trade,  however,  was  irregular  and,  considering 
the  expenses,  little  remunerative ;  neither  was 
it  extensive,  but  what  might  be  the  extent  i 
could  not  ascertain.  There  then  sprung  up  the 
class  of  butchers — or  rather  the  class  became 
greatly  multiplied — who  sent  their  boys  or  men 
on  fast  trotting  horses  to  take  orders  from  the 
dwellers  in  the  suburbs,  and  even  in  the  si 
not  suburbs,  which  were  away  from  the  shop 
thoroughfares,  and  afterwards  to  deliver  the 
orders — still  travelling  on  horseback — at  the 
customer's  door.  This  system  still  continues. 
but  to  nothing  like  its  former  extent,  and  as  it 
does  not  pertain  ('specially  to  the  street-trade 
1  need  not  dwell  upon  it  at  present,  nor  on  the 
competition  that  sprung  up  ;.s  to  "  trotting 
butcher's  ponies,"  —  in  the  "matching"  of 
which  "  against  time  "  sporting  men  have 
taken  great  interest. 

I'Utchers,  keeping   their  own 

.  there    are  now  none,  but  there  are   still, 

BUM   \\ho  contrive. 

by  hir:  frequently  borrowing,  horses 

ndly    butcher,    to   live  by    trotting, 
men    are   all    known,  and    all    call  npi.n 
known  ,    those  v,  hum  tin 

,;y,  for  the  trotting  bul- 
a  "  n-due  •   likely 

succeeded  by  any  in   the   same    in. 

•  xactly  u]><" 

drpcnding    upon 

but    r.\  ining     lYoin    their 

dii  tin  .r  «>\\n   accounts, 
ntion. 

•luwn    to   the    trade   as   "hawking" 


384 


LONDON  L.I>j:)L'lt  JXl)   THK  LO.\J):).\  p:)OU. 


butchers,  and  they  are  as  thoroughly  strevt- 
sellers  as  are  the  game  and  poultry  "  hawker*." 
Tlieir  number,  I  am  assured,  is  never  less  than 
150,  and  sometimes  200  or  even  250.  They 
have  all  been  butchers,  or  journeymen  but- 
chers, and  are  broken  down  in  the-  one  case,  or 
unable  to  obtain  work  in  the  other.  They  then 
"watch  the  turn  of  the  markets,"  as  small 
meat  "  jobbers,"  and — as  on  the  Stock  Ex- 
change—  "invest,"  when  they  account  the 
market  at  the  lowest.  The  meat  so  purchased 
is  hawked  in  a  large  basket  carried  on  the 
shoulders,  if  of  a  weight  too  great  to  be  sus- 
tained in  a  basket  on  the  arm.  The  sale  is 
confined  almost  entirely  to  public-houses,  and 
those  at  no  great  distance  from  the  great  meat 
marts  of  Newgate,  Lcadenhall,  and  White- 
chapel.  The  hawkers  do  not  go  to  the  suburbs. 
Their  principal  trade  is  in  pork  and  veal, — fur 
those  joints  weigh  lighter,  and  present  a  larger 
surface  in  comparison  with  the  weight,  ih.tn 
do  beef  or  mutton.  The  same  may  be  said  of 
lamb ;  but  of  that  they  do  not  buy  one  quarter 
so  much  as  of  pork  or  veal. 

The  hawking  butcher  bought  his   meat  last 
year  at  from  2|f/.  to  5Jr/.  the  pound,  according 
to  kind  and  quality,      lie  seldom  gave  <>•.. 
years  ago,  when  meat  was  dearer;    for  it  : 
cult — I  was  told  by  one  of  theM.-  haw! 
get  more  than  (id.  per  Ib.  from  cli. 
ers,  no  matter  what  the  market  price.      "It    I 
ask   7\d.   or  "d.,"    he    said,   "  I'm   Mire   of  one 
an.-swer — 'Nonsense!'   I   never  goes  no  higher 
nor  6d.'  "     Sometimes — and  especially  if 
command    credit   for  two    or  three    days  —  the 
hawking  butcher  will  buy  the  \vlu,'. 
a  sheep.     If  he  reside  near  the  market,  he  may 
"  cut  it  up"  in  his  own  room  ;   but  he  can  gene- 
rally find  the  necessary  accommodation  at  some 
friendly   butcher's  block.      If   the  weather   be 
"  bad  tor  keeping,''   he  will  dispose  of  a  portion 
of  the  carcass  to  his  brother-hawkers  ;  if  cold, 
he  will  persevere  in  hawking  the  whole  himself. 
He  usually,  however,  buys  only  a  hind  or  l'i ire- 
quarter  of  mutton,  or  other  meat,  e\eej>t  beef, 
which  he  buys  by  the  joint,  and  more  sparingly 
than  he  buys  any  other  animal  food.  The  hawker 
generally  has  his  joints  weighed  before  he  starts, 
and  can  remember  the  exact  pounds  and  ounces 
of  each,  but  the  purchasers  generally  weigh  them 
before  payment ;  or,  as  one  hawker  expressed  it, 
'•  They  goes  to  the  scales  before  they  come  to  the 
tin." 

Many  of  these  hawkers  u^rink  hard,  and,  being 
often  men  of  robust  constitution,  until  the  ap- 
proach of  age,  can  live  "hard," — as  regards 
lodging,  especially.  One  hawker  I  heard  of 
.slept  in  a  slaughter-house,  on  the  bare  but  clean 
iloor,  for  nearly  two  years  :  "  But  that  was  seven 
years  ago,  and  no  butcher  would  allow  it  now." 

OF  THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  HAWKING 
BUTCHER. 

A  middle-aged  man,  the  front  of  his  head  being 
nearly  bald,  and  the  few  hairs  there  were  to  be 
seen  shining  strongly  and  lying  tflat,  as  if  rubbed 


with  suet  or  dripping,  gave  me  the  following 
account.  lie  was  dressed  in  the  usual  blue  garb 
of  the  butcher:  — 

"  I've  hawked,  sir — well,  perhaps  for  fifteen 
years.  My  father  was  a  journeyman  butcher, 
and  I  helped  him,  and  so  grew  up  to  it.  I  never 
had  to  call  regular  work,  and  made  it  out  with 
hawking.  Perhaps  I've  hawked,  take  it  alto- 
gether, nearly  three  quarters  of  every  year.  The 
other  times  I've  had  a  turn  at  slaughtering. 
But  I  haven't  slaughtered  for  these  three  or 
four  years  ;  I've  had  turns  as  a  butcher's  porter, 
and  wish  I  had  more,  as  it's  sure  browns,  if  it's 
only  Is.  6d.  a  day:  but  there's  often  a  bit  of 
cuttings.  I  sell  most  pork  of  anything  in 
autumn  and  winter,  and  most  mutton  in 
summer  ;  but  the  summer  isn't  much  more  than 
half  as  good  as  the  winter  for  my  trade.  "When  I 
slaughtered  I  had  3s.  for  an  ox,  4rf.  for  a  sheep, 
and  Is.  for  a  pig.  Calves  is  slaughtered  by  the 
maker's  people  generally.  Well,  I  dare  say  it 
is  cruel  the  way  they  slaughter  calves ;  you 
would  think  it  so,  no  doubt.  I  believe  they 
slaughter  cheaper  now.  If  I  buy  cheap— and 
on  a  very  hot  day  and  a  slow  market,  I  have 
bought  a  fore,  aye,  and  a  hind,  quarter  of  mut- 
ton, about  two  and  a  half  stone  each  (8  Ibs. 
to  the  stone),  at  2d.  a  pound;  but  that's 
only  verv,  very  seldom  —  when  I  buy  cheap 
sir,  I  aim  at  1<l.  a  pound  over  what  I  ^ 
not  so  cheap  at  Id.,  and  then  its  low  ; 
customers.  But  I  cut  up  the  meat,  yo 
and  I  carry  it.  I  sell  eight  t:; 
much  to  public-houses  and  eating-hou 
anywhere  else  ;  most  to  the  publics  if  they've 
ordinaries,  and  a  deal  lor  the  publics'  families' 
eating,  'cause  a  landlord  knows  I  wouldn't 
deceive  him, — and  there's  a  part  of  it 
out  in  drink,  of  course,  and  landlords  is  good 
Trade  was  far  better  years  back, 
an!  my  father  and  his  pals  talk  about 
a  hawking  butcher  that  twenty  years  ago  was 
imprisoned  falsely,  and  got  a  honest  lav. 
bring  his  haction,  and  had  150/.  damages  for 
false  imprisonment.  It  was  in  the  Lord 
Mayor's  Court  of  Equity,  I've  heard.  It  was 
a  wro;,.  I  don't  understand  the  par- 

ticulars of  it,  but  it's  true;  and  the  d: 
was  for  loss  of  time  and  trade.  I'm  no 
lawyer  myself;  not  a  bit  I  have  sold  the  like 
of  a  loin  of  mutton,  when  it  was  small,  in  a 
tap-room,  to  make  chops  for  the  people  there. 
They'll  cook  chops  and  steaks  for  a  pint  of  beer, 
at  a  public  ;  that  is,  you  must  order  a  pint— but 
I've  sold  it  very  seldom.  When  mutton  was 
dearer  it  was  easier  to  sell  it  that  way,  for  I 
sold  cheap  ;  and  at  one  public  the  mechanics  — 
I  hardly  know  just  what  they  was,  something 
about  building — used  to  gather  there  at  one 
o'clock  and  wait  for  Giblets'  ;  so  they  called  me 
there.  I  live  a  good  bit  on  the  cuttings  of  the 
meat  I  hawk,  or  I  chop  a  meal  oft'  if  I  can 
manage  or  afford  it.  or  my  wife — (I've  only  :i 
wife  and  she  earns  never  less  than  2s.  a  week 
in  washing  for  a  master  butcher — I  wish  ! 
a  master  butcher,— and  that  covers  the  rent)— 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


185 


ir.y  v.  it  into  broth.     Take  it  all  the 

•mud,  I  s'pose  I  sell  three  stun  a  day 
(Jtl1.).),  a»d  at  }d.  a  pound  profit.  Not  a 
drilling  more  go  round  and  round.  I  don't 
think  the  others,  altogether,  do  as  much,  for 
I'm  known  to  a  many  landlords.  But  some 
make  3s.  and  4s.  a  day  oft  enough.  I've  made 
as  much  myself  sometimes.  "NVe  all  aim  at  Id. 
a  pound  profit,  but  have  to  take  less  in  hot 
weather  sometimes.  Last  year  4rf.  the  pound  has 
been  a  haverage  price  to  me  for  all  sorts." 

"  Dead  salesmen,"  as  they  are  called — that  is, 
the  market  salesmen  of  the  meat  sent  so  largely 
from  Scotland  and  elsewhere,  ready  slaughtered 
— expressed  to  me  their  conviction  that  my 
informant's  calculation  was  correct,  and  might 
be  taken  as  an  average ;  so  did  butchers.  Thus, 
then,  we  find  that  the  hawking  butchers,  taking 
their  number  at  150,  sell  747,000  Ibs.  of  meat, 
producini:  \'2,l'>0!.  annually,  one-fourth  being 
profit ;  this  gives  an  annual  receipt  of  83/.  each, 
and  an  annual  earning  of  20/.  15s.  The  capital 
required  to  start  in  this  trade  is  about  20s.,  which 
is  usually  laid  out  as  follows  :— A  basket  for  the 
shoulders,  which  costs  4s.  6d. ;  a  leathern  strap, 
Is.  :  a  basket  for  the  arm,  2s.  6rf.  ;  a  butcher's 
knife,  Is. ;  a  steel,  Is.  6d. ;  a  leather  belt  for  the 
to  which  the  knife  is  slung,  6d. ;  a  chop- 
.  Gd. ;  and  a  saw,  2s. ;  6s.  stock-money, 
though  credit  is  sometimes  given. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  HAM-SAND- 

•\\ICHES. 

THE  ham-sandwich-seller  carries  his  sandwiches 
on  a  tray  or  fiat  basket,  covered  with  a  clean 
white  cloth;  he  also  wears  a  white  apron,  and 
white  sleeves.  His  usual  stand  is  at  the  doors 
theatres. 

unknown   until  eleven  years 
ago,  when  a  man  who  had  been  unsuccessful  in 
•£  a  coffee- shop  in  Westminster^  found  it 
:ry  to  look  out  for  some  mode  of  living, 
and   he  hit  upon  the   plan  of  vending   sand- 
in   the  present  style,   at  the 
B  attempt  was  successful ;  the 
•k  10s.  a  night,  half  of  which  was 
the  great  theatres, 
11 ;"  but  at  five  or  six  weeks' 
end,  competitors  appeared  in  the  field;  and  in- 
-ale  was   affected, 
rdlcss  of  his  urging  that  In- 
capital 
was  small  : 
i  of  loaves,   and   a 
• 

.it   sum,    IP 

<>  were 
.'  s  ;    and    ti 
who  commenced  t: 
a  do /. 

3 

••      thus 

.  ml  his 
.1  off,  until 
ly  two  cust' 


Ham  sandwiches  are  made  from  any  part  of  the 
bacon  which  may  be  sufficiently  lean,  such  as 
"  the  gammon,"  which  now  costs  4rf.  and  5d.  the 
pound.  It  is  sometimes,  but  very  rarely,  picked 
up  at  3$d.  When  the  trade  was  first  started, 
7d.  a  pound  was  paid  for  the  ham,  but  the 
sandwiches  are  now  much  larger.  To  make 
three  dozen  a  pound  of  meat  is  required,  and 
four  quartern  loaves.  The  "  ham  "  may  cost  5d., 
the  bread  Is.  Sd.  or  Is.  lOrf.,  and  the  mustard  Id. 
The  proceeds  for  this  would  be  3s.,  but  the  trade 
is  very  precarious:  little  can  be  done  in  wet 
weather.  If  unsold,  the  sandwiches  spoil,  for 
the  bread  gets  dry,  and  the  ham  loses  its  fresh 
colour;  so  that  those  who  depend  upon  this 
trade  are  wretchedly  poor.  A  first-rate  week  is 
to  clear  10s.;  a  good  week  is  put  at  7s.;  and  a 
bad  week  at  3s.  6d.  On  some  nights  they  do 
not  sell  a  dozen  sandwiches.  There  are  half 
penny  sandwiches,  but  these  are  only  half  th 
size  of  those  at  a  penny. 

The  persons  carrying  on  this  trade  have  been, 
for  the  most  part,  in  some  kind  of  service — 
errand-boys,  pot-boys,  foot-boys  (or  pages),  or 
lads  engaged  about  inns.  Some  few  have  been 
mechanics.  Their  average  weekly  earnings 
hardly  exceed  5s.,  but  some  "get  odd  jobs" 
at  other  things. 

"  There  are  now,  sir,  at  the  theatres  this  (the 
Strand)  side  the  water,  and  at  Ashley's,  the 
Surrey,  and  the  Vic.,  two  dozen  and  nine  sand- 
wiches." So  said  one  of  the  trade,  who  counted 
up  his  brethren  for  me.  This  man  calculated 
also  that  at  the  Standard,  the  saloons,  the  con- 
cert-rooms, and  at  Limehouse,  Mile-end,  Beth- 
nal-green-road,  and  elsewhere,  there  might  be 
more  than  as  many  again  as  those  "working" 
the  theatres — or  70  in  all.  They  are  nearly  all 
men,  and  no  boys  or  girls  are  now  in  the  trade. 
The  number  of  these  people,  when  the  large 
theatres  were  open  with  the  others,  was  about 
double  what  it  is  now. 

The    information   collected    shows    that   the 
expenditure   in   ham-sandwiches,    suppli> 
street-sellers,  is  1,8'JO/.  yearly,  and  a  consump- 
tion of  436,800  undwie: 

To    start    in    the   ham-sandwich 
requires   2s.  for  a  tor  kettle  b 

ham  in.  (id.  for  knife  and  lurk,  'Id.  for  mustard- 
pot  anil   spoon,  7</.    for   \    cwt.  of  coals, 
ham.  l.v.  :',d.  fur   bread,  -\d.  for  mustard,   !»</.  for 
.  doth,  and   apron,  -Id.  for  o\ 
1  Id. 

<>r  A  HAM  SAM> 

I  lie  follow:  i 

•k    and    manners    \\ere     subdued]     and, 
though  his  dress  was  old  and  worn, 
and  unpntched: — 

"  1  hardly  n  member  my  father,  sir,"  b« 
"  but    I  I   -hm;ld  h.TVC  DCOl 

older  than  nu      when  we  <• 

;id    we    had 

M   tliv   stays,  and  now 


186 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


makes  only  3s.  a  week,  and  we  can't  help  her. 
I  was  first  in  place  as  a  sort  of  errand-boy,  then 
I  was  a  stationer's  boy,  and  then  a  news  agent's 
boy.  I  wasn't  wanted  any  longer,  but  left  with 
a  good  character.  My  brother  had  gone  into  the 
sandwich  trade — I  hardly  know  what  made  him 
— and  he  advised  me  to  be  a  ham  sandwich-man, 
and  so  I  started  as  one.  At  first,  I  made  10s., 
and  7s.,  and  8s.  a  week  —  that's  seven  years, 
or  so  —  b\it  things  are  worse  now,  and  I  make 
3s.  6d.  some  weeks,  and  5s.  others,  and  6s.  is  an 
out-and-outer.  My  rent's  2s.  a  week,  but  I 
haven't  my  own  things.  I  am  so  sick  of  this 
life,  I'd  do  anything  to  get  out  of  it ;  but  I  don't 
see  a  way.  Perhaps  I  might  have  been  more 
careful  when  I  was  first  in  it ;  but,  really,  if  you 
do  make  10s.  a  week,  you  want  shoes,  or  a  shirt 
— so  what  is  10s.  after  all  ?  T  wish  I  had  it  now, 
though.  I  used  to  buy  my  sandwiches  at  6d.  a 
dozen,  but  I  found  that  wouldn't  do ;  and  now  I 
buy  and  boil  the  stuff,  and  make  them  myself. 
What,  did  cost  6d.,  now  only  costs  me  4<7.  or  4$r/. 
I  work  the  theatres  this  side  of  the  water,  chiefly 
the  'Lytnpic  and  the  'Delphi.  The  best  theatre 

had  was  the  Garding,  when  it  had  two 

galleries,  and  was  dramatic — the  operas  there 

nod  to  ni".      The  Lyceum  was 

good,  when  it  was  Mr.  Keeley's.    I  hardly  know 

•;omers  are,  but  they're  those 

that  go  to  tl  :->pk<-epers  and  clerks.  I 

think,    (ientleinen  don't  often  buy  of  in.-.    Thcv 

//  we  bought,  though.     Oh,  no,  they  never  give-  a 

farthing  over  ;   they're  more  likely  to  wa;  I 

for  6d.    The  women  of  the  town  buy  of  me,  when 

late,  for  themselves  and  their  fancy  men. 
They're  liberal  enough  when  they've 
They  sometimes  treat  a  poor  fellow  in  a  public- 
house.  In  summer  I'm  often  out  'till  four  in 
the  morning,  and  then  must  lie  in  bed  half  next 
day.  The  'Delphi  was  better  than  it  is.  I've 
taken  3s.  at  the  first  "turnout"  (the  leaving 
the  theatre  for  a  short  time  after  the  first  piece), 
"but  the  turn-outs  at  the  Garding  was  better 
than  that.  A  penny  pie-shop  has  spoiled  us  at 
the  'Delphi  and  at  Ashley's.  I  go  out  between 
eight  and  nine  in  the  evening.  People  often  want 
more  in  my  sandwiches,  though  I'm  star- 
them.  'Oh,'  they'll  say,  'you've  been  'pren- 
ticed  to  Vauxhall,  you  have.'  '  The\ 
there,'  says  I,  'and  no  bigger.  I  haven't  Vaux- 
hall prices.'  I  stand  by  the  night-houses  when 
it's  late — not  the  fashionables.  Their  customers 
would'nt  look  at  me;  but  I've  known  women, 
that  carried  their  heads  very  high,  glad  to  get  a 
sandwich  afterwards.  Six  times  I've  been  upset 
by  drunken  fellows,  on  purpose,  I've  no  doubt, 
and  lost  all  my  stock.  Once,  a  gent,  kicked  my 
basket  into  the  dirt,  and  he  was  going  oft— for 
it  was  late— but  some  people  by  began  to  make 
remarks  about  using  a  poor  fellow  that  way,  so 
he  paid  for  all,  after  he  had  them  counted.  I  am 
so  sick  of  this  life,  sir.  I  do  dread  the  winter  so. 
I've  stood  up  to  the  ankles  in  snow  till  after 
midnight,  and  till  I've  wished  I  was  snow  myself. 
and  could  melt  like  it  and  have  an  end.  I'd  do 
anything  to  get  away  from  this,  but  I  can't. 


Passion  Week's  another  dreadful  time.  It  drives 
us  to  starve,  just  when  we  want  to  get  up  a  little 
stock-money  for  Easter.  I've  been  bilked  by 
cabmen,  who've  taken  a  sandwich  ;  but,  instead 
of  paying  for  it,  have  offered  to  fight  me.  There's 
no  help.  We're  knocked  about  sadly  by  the 
police.  Time's  very  heavy  on  my  hands,  some- 
times, and  that's  where  you  feel  it.  I  read  a  bit, 
if  I  can  get  anything  to  read,  for  I  was  at  St. 
Clement's  school ;  or  I  walk  out  to  look  for  a 
job.  On  summer-days  I  sell  a  trotter  or  two. 
But  mine's  a  wretched  life,  and  so  is  most  ham 
sandwich-men.  I've  no  enjoyment  of  my  youth, 
and  no  comfort 

"  Ah,  sir !  I  live  very  poorly.  A  ha'porth 
or  a  penn'orth  of  cheap  fish,  which  I  cook 
myself,  is  one  of  my  treats — either  herrings  or 
plaice — with  a  'tatur,  perhaps.  Then  th 
soitof  meal,  now  and  then,  off  the  odds  and  ends 
of  the  ham,  such  as  isn't  quite  viewy  enough  for 
the  public,  along  with  the  odds  and"  ends  of  the 
loaves.  I  can't  boil  a  bit  of  greens  with  my 
ham,  'cause  I'm  afraid  it  might  rather  spoil  the 
colour.  I  don't  slice  the  ham  till  it's  cold — it 
cuts  easier,  and  is  a  better  colour  then,  I  think. 
I  wash  my  aprons,  and  sleeves,  and  cloths  my- 
self, and  iron  them  too.  A  man  that  sometimes 
makes  onry  3s.  6V.  a  week,  ai:  s  less, 

and  nr  rent  out  of  that,   must  look 

after  every  farthing.  I've  often  walked  eight 
miles  to  see  if  I  could  find  ham  a  halfpenny 
a  pound  cheaper  anywhere.  If  it  was  tainted, 
I  know  it  would  be  flung  in  my  face.  If  I 
was  sick  there's  only  the  parish  for  me." 

OP  THE  STKEET-SKM.ERS  or  BREAD. 

•  reet-tracle  in  bread  is  not  so  cxtei'. 
might  be  expected,  from  the  universality  of  the 
consumption.  It  is  confined  to  Petticoat-lane 
and  the  poorer  districts  in  that  neighbourhood. 
A  person  who  has  known  the  East-end  of  town 
for  nearly  fifty  years,  told  me  that  as  long  as 
he  could  recollect,  bread  was  sold  in  the  streets, 
but  not  to  the  present  extent.  In  181 
1813,  when  bread  was  the  dearest,  ther 
very  little  sold  in  the  streets.  At  that  time, 
and  until  1815,  the  Assize  Acts,  regulating  the, 
bread-trade,  were  in  force,  and  had  been  in  force 
in  London  since  126G.  Previously  to  1815  bakers 
were  restricted,  by  these  Acts,  to  the  baking  of 
three  kinds  of  bread  —  wheaten,  sta; 
en,  and  household.  The  wheaten  was  made 
of  the  best  flour,  the  standard  wheaten  of  the 
different  kinds  of  flour  mixed  together,  and  the 
household  of  the  coarser  and  commoner  flour. 
In  1S23,  however,  it  was  enacted  that  within 
the  City  of  London  and  ten  miles  round,  "  it 
shall  be  lawful  for  the  bakers  to  make  and 
sell  bread  made  of  wheat,  barley,  rye,  oats, 
buck-wheat,  Indian-corn,  peas,  beans,  rice,  or 
potatoes,  or  any  of  them,  along  with  common 
salt,  pure-water,  eggs,  milk,  barm-leaven,  po- 
tato, or  other  yeast,  and  mixed  in  such  propor- 
tions as  they  shall  think  fit."  I  mention  this 
because  my  informant,  as  well  as  an  old 
master  baker  with  whom  I  conversed  on  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  JND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


187 


subject,  remembered  that  even,'  now  and  then, 
after  1823.  but  only  for  two  or  tlm-, 
some  speculative  trader,  both  in  shops  and  in 
the  streets,  would  endeavour  to  introduce  an  in- 
ferior, but  still  *  wholesome,  bread,  to  his  cus- 
tomers, such  as  an  admixture  of  barley  with 
wheat-flour,  but  no  one — as  far  as  I  could  learn 
— persevered  in  the  speculation  for  more  than  a 
week  or  so.  Their  attempts  were  not  only  un- 
successful but  they  met  with  abuse,  from  street- 
buyers  especially,  for  endeavouring  to  palm  off 
"  brown "  bread  as  "  good  enough  for  poor 
people."  One  of  my  elder  informants  remem- 
bered his  father  telling  him  tint  in  1SOO  and 
1801,  George  III.  had  set  the  example  of  eat- 
ing brown  bread  at  his  one  o'clock  dinner,  but 
he  was  sometimes  assailed  as  he  passed  in  his 
carriage,  with  the  reproachful  epithet  of 
"  Brown  George."  This  feeling  continues,  for 
the  poor  people,  and  even  the  more  intelligent 
working-men,  if  cockneys,  have  still  a  notion  that 
only  "  white  "  bread  is  fit  for  consumption.  Into 
the  question  of  the  relative  nutrition  of  breads, 
I  shall  enter  when  I  tr~>at  of  the  bakers. 

During  a  period  of  about  four  months  in 
the  summer,  there  are  from  twenty  to  thirty 
men  daily  selling  stale  bread.  Of  these  only 
twelve  sell  it  regularly  every  day  of  the  year, 
and  they  trade  chiefly  on  their  own  account. 
Of  the  others,  some  are  sent  out  by  their 
"s,  receiving  from  Is.  to  2s.  for  their 
labour.  Those  who  sell  on  their  own  account, 
go  round  to  the  bakers'  shops  about  Stepney, 
'•  hitechapel,  and  purchase  the 
stale-bread  on  hand.  It  is  sold  to  them  at  \d., 
Id.  and  1  \<1.  per  quartern  less  than  the  retail  shop 
price ;  but  when  the  weather  is  very  hot,  and 
the  bakers  have  a  large  quantity  of  stale-bread 
on  hand,  t'  lers  sometimes  get  the 

bread  at  Id.  a  quartern  less  than  the  retail  price. 
All  the  street-sellers  of  bread  have  been  brought 
up  as  ;ne  have  resorted  to  the  street- 

I  am  told,  when  unable  to  procure  work  ; 
others  because  it  is  a  less  toilsome,  and  sonic- 
times  a  more   profitable  means  of 
than  the  labour  of  ar:  Inker.      It  is 

leave 
1 

•ad   oflered 
barrows,    and  om  'ling   a 

-'s,  with    a   long    basket  mac. 
upon  it.     The  dr. 
coat  of  cl<»;h   or  fustian 
:s   and  a  < 

.    what   in  best   \: 
:i grained  a^ 

bread-seller,  a  middle-aged 

.e  following 
•  known  the  street-trade  a  ; 

man  baker  before  that 

what 

-.t  of  the  oven,  with  t! 


air,  and  sleeping  on  sacks  at  nights  (for  you  can't 
leave  the  place),  so  that  altogether  it's  a  slave's 
life.  A  journeyman  baker  hasn't  what  can  be 
called  a  home,  for  he's  so  much  away  at  the 
oven ;  he'd  better  not  be  a  married  man,  for 
if  his  wife  isn't  very  careful  there' 3  ta)k,  and 
there's  unhappiness  about  nothing  perh;. 
can't  be  thought  to  speak  feelingly  that  way 
though,  for  I've  been  fortunate  in  a  wife.  But 
a  journeyman  baker's  life  drives  him  to  drink, 
almost  whether  he  will  or  not.  A  street  life's 
not  quite  so  bad.  I  was  out  of  work  two  or  three 
weeks,  and  I  certainly  lushed  too  much,  and 
can't  say  as  I  tried  very  hard  to  get  work,  but 
I  had  a  pound  or  two  in  hand,  and  then  I  began 
to  think  I'd  try  and  soil  stale  bread  in  tho 
streets,  for  it's  a  healthfuller  trade  than  the 
other;  so  I  started,  and  have  been  at  H 
since,  excepting  when  I  work  a  few  d 
weeks,  for  a  master  baker;  but  he's  a  relation, 
and  I  assist  him  when  he's  ill.  Mv  customers 
are  all  poor  persons, — some  in  rags,  and  some  as 
decent  as  their  bad  earnings  '11  let  them.  No 
doubt  about  it,  sir,  there's  poor  women  buy  of 
me  that's  wives  of  mechanics  working  slop,  and 
that's  forced  to  live  on  stale  bread.  "Where  : 
a  family  of  children,  stale  bread  goes  so  very 
much  further.  I  think  I  sell  to  lew  bat  what  has 
families,  for  a  quartern's  too  much  at  a  time  ior 
a  single  woman.  I  often  hear  my  customers  talk 
about  their  children,  and  say  they  must  make 
.s  the  poor  things  are  hungry,  and  thcv 
couldn't  get  them  any  bread  sooner.  O,  it's  ;: 
hard  fight  to  live,  all  Spitalfields  and  Bethnal- 
green  way,  for  I  know  it  all.  There  are  first 
the  journeyman  bakers  over-worked  and  fretted 
into  drinking,  a-making  the  bread,  and  then- 
are  the  poor  fellows  in  all  sorts  of  trade  over- 
worked to  get  money  to  buy  it.  I've  had  women 
that  looked  as  if  they  was  '  reduced.'  come  t<> 
me  of  an  evening  as  soon  as  it  was  dusk,  and 
buy  stale  bread,  as  if  they  was  ashamed  to  In- 
seen.  Yes,  I  give  credit.  Some  h. 
credit  regular,  and  pays  every  Saturday  night. 
I  lose  very  little-  in  trusting.  : 

>ver  and  sell  it — rather  than  hold  '•• 
lor  half  what  it  cost  me.      ! 

given   it    ;:\vay   to   !  :    than 

.    and    they    v.<aild    get 
oir.fthinp    for    it    at    a    lodging-), i 
odgin:-  that 

can   buy  far  cheaper  than    I 
• 

and  short  d.iv 
I    thin!. 

• 

•/.    the 

quarter 

lumber  of  R 


188 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


These  sell  upon  an  average  100  quarterns  each 
per  day:  taking  every  day  in  the  year  II.  12s. 
each  (a  few  being  sold  at  3d.) 

Calculating  then  the  four  months'  trade  in 
summer  at  150  quarterns  per  day  per  man,  and 
reckoning  1 5  men  so  selling,  and  each  receiving 
45,?.  (thus  allowing  for  the  threepenny  sale);  and 
taking  the  receipts  of  the  12  regular  traders  at 
II.  12s.  per  day,  we  find  nearly  9,000/.  annually 
expended  in  the  street  purchase  of  700,000 
quartern  loaves  of  bread.  The  profits  of  the 
sellers  vary  from  II.  to  21.  a  week,  according  to 
the  extent  of  their  business. 

To  start  in  this  branch  of  the  street-trade  a 
capital  is  required  according  to  the  following 
rate:  —  Stock-money  for  bread,  average  II. ; 
(largest  amount  required,  5/. ;  smallest,  10s.); 
a  basket,  4a.  6d.  Of  those  who  are  employed  in 
the  summer,  one-half  have  baskets,  and  the 
other  half  bakers'  barrows ;  while  of  those  who 
attend  the  year  through,  8  have  baskets  at 
4s.  6d.  each,  3  have  barrows  at  40s.  each,  and  one 
a  barrow  and  the  long  basket,  before  mentioned. 
The  barrow  costs  30s. ,  and  the  basket  21. 

OF  THE  STKEET-SELLEKS  OF  HOT  GIIEEN 

PEAS. 

THE  sale  of  hot  green  peas  in  the  streets  is  of 
<*rcat  antiquity,  that  is  to  say,  if  the  cry  of  "  hot 
peas-cod,"  recorded  by  Lydgate  (and  formerly 
alluded  to),  may  be  taken  as  having  intimated 
the  sale  of  the  same  article.  In  many  parts 
of  the  country  it  is,  or  was,  customary  to  have 
'•  scoldings  of  peas,"  often  held  as  a  sort  of 
rustic  feast.  The  peas  were  not  shelled,  but 
boiled  in  the  pod,  and  eaten  by  the  pod  being 
dipped  in  melted  butter,  with  a  little  pepper, 
salt,  and  vinegar,  and  then  drawn  through  the 
teeth  to  extract  the  peas,  the  pod  being  thrown 
away.  The  mention  of  peas-cod  (or  pea-shell) 
by  Lydgate  renders  it  probable  that  the  "  scald- 
ing" method  was  that  then  in  use  in  the  streets. 
None  of  the  street-sellers,  however,  whom  I  saw, 
remembered  the  peas  being  vended  in  any  other 
,  than  shelled  and  boiled  as  at  present. 

The  sellers  of  green  peas  have  no  stands,  but 
carry  a  round  or  oval  tin  pot  or  pan,  with  a 
swing  handle ;  the  pan  being  wrapped  round 
with  a  thick  cloth,  to  retain  the  heat.  The  peas 
are  served  out  with  a  ladle,  and  eaten  by  the 
customers,  if  eaten  in  the  street,  out  of  basins, 
provided  with  spoons,  by  the  pea-man.  Salt, 
vinegar,  and  pepper,  are  applied  from  the  ven- 
dor's store,  at  the  customer's  discretion. 

There  are  now  four  men  carrying  on  this 
trade.  They  wear  no  particular  dress,  "just 
what  clothes  we  can  get,"  said  one  of  them. 
One,  who  has  been  in  the  trade  twenty-five  years, 
v.-as  formerly  an  inn-porter;  the  other  three  arc 
ladies'  shoemakers  in  the  day-time,  and  pea- 
sellers  in  the  evening,  or  at  early  morning,  in  any 
t.  Their  average  sale  is  three  gallons 
dailv,  with  a  receipt  of  7s.  per  man.  Seven 
gallons  »  day  is  accounted  a  large  sale;  but 
the  largest  of  all  is  at  Greenwich  fair,  when 
each  per.- man  will  take  35s.  in  a  day.  Each 


vendor  has  his  district.  One  takes  Billingsgate, 
Rosemary-lane,  and  its  vicinity ;  another,  the 
Old  Clothes  Exchange,  Bishopsgate,  Shoreditch, 
and  Bethnal-green  ;  a  third,  Mile-end  and  Step- 
ney ;  and  a  fourth,  Ratclifie-highway,  Lime- 
house,  and  Poplar.  Each  man  resides  in  his 
"  round,"  for  the  convenience  of  boiling  his 
peas,  and  introducing  them  to  his  customers 
"  hot  and  hot." 

The  peas  used  in  this  traffic  are  all  the  dried 
field  pea,  but  dried  green  and  whole,  and  not 
split,  or  prepared,  as  are  the  yellow  peas  for 
soup  or  puddings.  They  are  purchased  at  the 
corn-chandlers'  or  the  seed-shops,  the  price 
being  2*.  the  peck  (or  two  gallons.)  The  peas 
are  soaked  before  they  are  boiled,  and  swell  con- 
siderably, so  that  one  gallon  of  the  dried  peas 
makes  rather  more  than  two  gallons  of  the  boiled. 
The  hot  green  peas  are  sold  in  halfpennyworths ; 
a  halfpennyworth  being  about  a  quarter  of  a 
pint  The  cry  of  the  sellers  is,  "  Hot  green 
peas !  all  hot,  all  hot !  Here's  your  peas  hot, 
hot,  hot!" 

OF  THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  HOT  GKEEN  PEA 

SELLER. 

THE  most  experienced  man  in  the  trade  gave  me 
the  following  account:  — 

"  Come  the  25th  of  March,  sir,  and  I  shall  have 
been  25  years  in  the  business,  for  I  started  it  on 
the  25th  of  March — it's  a  day  easy  for  to  re- 
member, 'cause  everybody  knows  it's  quarter- 
day — in  1825.  I  was  a  porter  in  coaching-inns 
before ;  but  there  was  a  mishap,  and  I  had  to 
drop  it.  I  didn't  leave  'cause  I  thought  the  pea 
line  might  be  bett6r,  but  because  I  must  do 
something,  and  knew  a  man  in  the  trade,  and  all 
about  it  It  was  a  capital  trade  then,  and  for  a 
good  many  years  after  I  was  in  it  Many  a  day 
I've  taken  a  guinea,  and,  sometimes,  35s. ;  and 
I  have  taken  two  guineas  at  Greenwich  Fair,  but 
then  I  worked  till  one  or  two  in  the  mornin  - 
eleven  the  day  before.  Money  wasn't  so  scarce 
then.  Oh,  sir,  as  to  what  rny  profit  was  or  is,  I 
never  tell.  I  wouldn't  to  my  own  wife  ;  neither 
her  that's  living  nor  her  that's  dead."  [A  per- 
son present  intimated  that  the  secret  might  be 
safely  confided  to  the  dead  wife,  but  tb 
seller  shook  his  head.]  "  Now,  one  day  with 
another,  except  Sundays,  when  I  don't  work,  I 
may  take  7s.  I  always  use  the  dried  peas.  They 
pay  better  than  fresh  garden-peas  would  at  a  groat 
a  peck.  People  has  asked  for  young  green  pea.-, 
but  I've  said  that  I  didn't  have  them.  Billings- 
gate's my  best  ground.  I  sell  to  the  costers,  and 
the  roughs,  and  all  the  parties  that  has  their  din- 
ners in  the  tap-rooms— they  has  a  bit  of  steak,  or 
a  bit  of  cold  meat  they've  brought  with  them. 
There's  very  little  fish  eat  in  Billingsgate,  except, 
perhaps,  at  the  ord'n'ries  (ordinaries).  I'm 
looked  for  as  regular  as  dinner-time.  The  land- 
lords tell  me  to  give  my  customers  plenty  of 
pepper  and  salt,  to  make  them  thirsty.  I  go  on 
board  the  Billingsgate  ships,  too,  and  sonit 
sell  6d.  worth  to  captain  and  crew.  It's  a  treat, 
after  a  rough  voyage.  Oh,  no.  sir,  I  never  go  ou 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


189 


hoard  the  Dutch  eel- vessels.  There's  nothing 
to  be  got  out  of  scaly  fur'ners  (foreigners.)  I 
sell  to  the  herring,  and  mackarel,  and  oyster- 
boats  when  thoy're  up.  My  great  sale  is  in 
public-houses,  but  I  sometimes  sell  2rf.  or  3d. 
worth  to  private  houses.  I  go  out  morning, 
noon,  and  night ;  and  at  night  I  go  my  round 
when  people's  having  a  bite  of  supper,  perhaps, 
in  the  public-houses.  I  sell  to  the  women  of  the 
town  then.  Yes,  I  give  them  credit.  To-night, 
now  (Saturday),  I  expect  to  receive  2s.  3d.,  or 
near  on  to  it,  that  I've  trusted  them  this  week. 
They  mostly  pay  me  on  a  Saturday  night  I 
lose  very  little  by  them.  I'm  knocked  about  in 
public-houses  by  the  Billingsgate  roughs,  and 
I've  been  bilked  by  the  prigs.  I've  known  at 
least  six  people  try  my  trade,  and  fail  in  it,  and 
I  was  glad  to  see  them  broke.  I  sell  twice  as 
much  in  cold  weather  as  in  warm." 

I  ascertained  that  my  informant  sold  three 
times  as  much  as  the  other  dealers,  who  confine 
their  trade  principally  to  an  evening  round. 
Reckoning  that  the  chief  man  of  business  sells 
3  gallons  a  day  (which,  at  Id.  the  quarter-pint, 
would  be  8s.,  my  informant  said  7s.},  and  that 
the  other  three  together  sell  the  same  quantity, 
we  find  a  street-expenditure  on  hot  green  peas  of 
2501.  and  a  street  consumption  of  1870  gallons. 
The  peas,  costing  2s.  the  two  gallons,  are 
vended  for  4«.  or  5*.,  at  the  least,  as  they  boil 
into  more  than  double  the  quantity,  and  a  gal- 
lon, retail,  is  2s.  Sd. ;  but  the  addition  of  vinegar, 
pepper,  &c.,  may  reduce  the  profit  to  cent  per 
cent,  while  there  is  the  heaping  up  of  every 
measure  retail  to  reduce  the  profit.  Thus,  inde- 
pendent of  any  consideration  as  to  the  labour  in 
boiling,  &c.  (generally  done  by  the  women),  the 
principal  man's  profit  is  21s.  a  week;  that  of 
the  others  7  kly. 

The  capital  required  to  start  in  the  business 
id. ;  vinegar-bottle  and  pepper-box, 
tucers   and   spoons,    o'rf. ;    stock  -  money, 
about   2.?.  ;    cloth    to   wrap    over  the    pi 
(a  vendor  wearing  out  a  cloth  in  three  months)  ; 
average  of  9s.  or  10s. 

OP  CATS'  AND  DOGS'-MEAT  DEALI 

:-jod  for  cats  and  dogs  is  far 
i  may  be  generally  thought 
sir,"  said  one  of  the  d> 

'ow  many  people's  i:i 

Billions  ;  "  I  don't 
.'    said    my 
'    • 
'pie,  aye,  .T; 

s  gave 

OUKCS  in  t: 

re  was 
• 
as  l.ouse'h 


•tl 


and  70  dogs.  Mine's  a  middling  trade,  but  some 
does  far  better.  Some  cats  lias  a  hap'orth  a  day, 
some  every  other  day ;  werry  few  can  afford  a 
penn'orth,  but  times  is  inferior.  Dogs  is  better 
pay  when  you've  a  connection  among  'em." 

The  cat  and  dogs'-meat  dealers,  or  "  carriers," 
as  they  call  themselves,  generally  purchase  the 
meat  at  the  knackers'  (horse  -  slaughterers') 
yards.  There  are  upwards  of  twenty  of  such 
yards  in  London;  three  or  four  are  in  "Whiu- 
chapel,  one  in  Wnndsworth,  two  in  Cow-cross 
— one  of  the  two  last  mentioned  is  the  larger 
establishment  in  London — and  there  are  two 
about  Bermondsey.  The  proprietors  of  these 
yards  purchase  live  and  dead  horses.  They  con- 
tract for  them  with  large  firms,  such  as  brewers, 
coal-merchants,  and  large  cab  and  'bus  yards, 
giving  so  much  per  head  for  their  old  live 
and  dead  horses  through  the  year.  The  price 
varies  from  21.  to  50s.  the  carcass.  The  knackers 
also  have  contractors  in  the  country  (harness- 
makers  and  others),  who  bring  or  send  up  to 
town  for  them  the  live  and  dead  stock  of  those 
parts.  The  dead  horses  are  brought  to  the  yard 
— two  or  three  upon  one  cart,  and  sometime*  five. 
The  live  ones  are  tied  to  the  tail  of  thesr 
carts,  and  behind  the  tail  of  eacli  other.  Oc- 
casionally a  string  of  fourteen  or  fifteen  arc 
brought  up,  head  to  tail,  at  one  time.  The  live 
horses  are  purchased  merely  for  slauglr 
If  among  the  lot  bought  there  should  oh:uK< 
to  be  one  that  is  young,  but  in  bad  condition,  it  is 
placed  in  the  stable,  fed  up,  and  then  put  into  the 
knacker's  carts,  or  sold  by  them,  or  let  on  hiri . 
Occasionally  a  line  horse  has  been  rescued  from 
death  in  this  manner.  One  person  is  known  to 
have  bought  an  animal  for  15s.,  for  which  he 
afterwards  got  150/.  Frequently  young  horsts 
th.it  will  network  in  cabs — such  as  "jibs" — are 
sold  to  the  horse-slaughterers  as  -iseless.  They 
are  kept  in  the  yard,  and  aft  r  being  wi 
often  turn  out  good  horses.  The  live  her 
slaughtered  by  the  persons  called  "  kn::r' 
These  men  get  upon  an  average  Is.  a  day. 
•••ork  at  twelve  at  nigh:. 

•  re  six  in  tlii- 

delivered  to  :  •  that  hour.     Tin- 

uunt  of  the  hair. 
Minded  with  a  ]>' 
d  in  blood,  so  that  it  11. 
slaughterman  when  .-.bout  to 

!•>  put  an 
' 
• 

in    l::rge    I 

' 

' 

drags,  .s 


190 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


manure.  The  pieces  of  flesh  are  thrown  into  large 
coppers  or  pans,  about  nine  feet  in  diameter  and 
four  feet  deep.  Each  of  these  pans  will  hold  about 
three  good-sized  horses.  Sometimes  two  large 
brewers'  horses  will  fill  them,  and  sometimes  as 
many  as  four  "  poor"  cab-horses  may  be  put  into 
them.  The  flesh  is  boiled  about  an  hour  and  20 
minutes  for  a  "  killed  "  horse,  and  from  two  hours 
to  two  hours  and  20  minutes  for  a  dead  horse 
(a  horse  dying  from  age  or  disease).  The  flesh, 
when  boiled,  is  taken  from  the  coppers,  laid  on 
the  stones,  and  sprinkled  with  water  to  cool  it. 
It  is  then  weighed  out  in  pieces  of  112,  56,  28, 
21,  14,  7,  and  SJlbs.  weight.  These  are  either 
taken  round  in  a  cart  to  the  "  carriers,"  or,  at 
about  live,  the  carriers  call  at  the  yard  to  pur- 
chase, and  continue  doing  so  till  twelve  in  the  day. 
The  price  is  14.?.  per  cwt.  in  winter,  and  16s.  in 
summer.  The  tripe  is  served  out  at  12  Ib.  for 
(\d.  All  this  is  for  cats  and  dogs.  The  carriers 
then  take  the  meat  round  town,  wherever  their 
"  walk"  may  lie.  They  sell  it  to  the  public  at 
the  rate  of  'l\d.  per  Ib.,  and  in  small  pieces,  on 
skewers,  at  a  farthing,  a  halfpenny,  and  a  penny 
each.  Some  carriers  will  sell  as  much  as  a 
hundred-weight  in  a  day,  and  about  half  a  hun- 
dred-weight is  the  average.1  quantity  disr 
by  the  carriers  in  London.  Some  >ell  much 
cheaper  than  others.  I  .11  fre- 

quently knock  at  the  doors  of  persons  whom 
they  have  seen  served  by  aiu-t'ier  on  the  previous 
clay,  and  show  them  that  th.y  can  let  them  have 
;i  larger  quantity  of  meat  for  the  same  money. 
The  class  of  persons  belonging  to  the  business 
are  mostly  those  who  have  been  unable  to  obtain 
employment  at  their  tra:le.  Occasionally  a  per- 
son is  bred  to  it,  having  been  engaged  as  a  lad 
:ie  carrier  to  go  round  with  the  barrow 
m  in  his  buslm..-^.  These  boys  will, 
after  a  time,  find  a  "  walk"  for  themselves,  be- 
ginning first  with  a  basket,  and  ultimately  rising 
to  a  barrow.  Many  of  the  carriers  give  light 
•  to  the  extent  of  2  oz.  and  4  oz.  in  the 
p.'imd.  At  one  yard  alone  near  upon  100 
carriers  purchase  meat,  and  there  are,  upon 
an  average,  150  li  itered  there  every 

week.  Each  slaughter-house  may  be  said  to  do, 
one  with  another,  60  horses  per  week  through- 
out the  year,  which,  reckoning  the  London 
slaughter-houses  at  12,  gives  a  total  of  720 
horses  killed  every  week  in  the  metropolis,  or,  in 
round  numbers,  37,500  in  the  course  of  the  year. 

The  London  cat  and  dogs' -meat  carriers  or 
— nearly  all  men — number  at  the    least 
1,000. 

The  slaughtermen  are  said  to  reap  large 
fortunes  very  rapidly  —  indeed,  the  carriers 
say  they  coin  the  money.  Many  of  them  retire 
after  a  few  years,  and  take  large  farms.  One, 
after  12  years'  business,  retired  with  several 
thousand  pounds,  and  has  now  three  large  farms. 
The  carriers  are  men.  women,  and  boys.  Very 
few  women  do  as  well  as  the  men  at  it.  The 
carriers  '•  are  generally  sad  drunkards."  Out  of 
five  hundred,  it  is  said  three  hundred  at  least 
spend  II.  a  head  a  week  in  drink.  One  party  in 


the  trade  told  me  that  he  knew  a  carrier  who 
would  often  spend  10s.  in  liquor  at  one  sitting. 
The  profit  the  carriers  make  upon  the  meat  is  at 
present  only  a  penny  per  pound.  In  the  summer 
time  the  profit  per  pound  is  reduced  to  a  half- 
penny, owing  to  the  meat  being  dearer  on  ac- 
count of  its  scarcity.  The  carriers  give  a  great 
deal  of  credit — indeed,  they  take  but  little  ready 
money.  On  some  days  they  do  not  come  home 
with  more  than  2s.  One  with  a  middling  walk 
pays  for  his  meat  7s.  6V.  per  day.  For  this  he 
lias  half  a  hundred-weight.  This  produces  him 
as  much  as  1  Is.  Gd.,  so  that  his  profit  is  4s. ; 
which,  I  am  assured,  is  about  a  fair  average 
of  the  earnings  of  the  trade.  One  carrier  is 
said  to  have  amassed  1,0()0/.  at  the  business. 
He  usually  sold  from  l£  to  2  cwt.  every  morn- 
ing, so  that  his  profits  were  generally  from 
16s.  to  II.  per  day.  But  the  trade  is  much 
worse  now.  There  are  so  many  at  it,  they 
say,  that  there  is  barely  a  living  for  any.  A 
carrier  assured  me  that  he  seldom  \vci, 
than  ;;0,  and  frequently  40  miles,  through 
the  streets  every  day.  The  best  distric; 
among  the  houses  of  tradesmen,  mechanics, 
and  labourers.  The  coachmen  in  the  in-, 
the  back  of  the  squares  arc  very  good  custo- 
mers. <%  The  work  lays  thicker  there.' 
my  informant.  Old  maids  are  bad,  though  very 
plentiful,  customers.  They  cheapen  the  carriers 
down  so.  that  they  can  scarcely  live  at  the  busi- 
••They  will  pay  o.ie  halfpenny  and  owe 
another,  and  forget  that  after  a  day  or  two."  The 
cats'  meat  <:  rally  complain  of  their 

Their  customers  require 

credit    frequently  to   the   extent  of  II.     "  One 
.  now,"  said  a  carrier  to  me, 
"and  many  10s.;   in  fact,  very  few  people  pay 
ready  money  for  the  nu 

The  carriers  frequently  serve  as  much  as  ten 
pennyworths  to  one  person  in  a  day.  One  gentle- 
man has  as  much  as  -1-  Ibs.  of  meat  each  morning 
for  two  Newfoundland  dogs;  and  there  was  one- 
woman — a  black — who  used  to  have  as  much  as 
16  pennyworth  every  day.  This  person  used  to 
get  out  on  the  roof  of  the  house  and  throw  it 
to  the  cats  on  the  tiles.  By  this  she  brought  so 
many  .md  about  the  neighbourhood, 

that  the  parties  in  the  vicinity  complained ;  it 
was  quite  a  nuisance.  She  would  have  the  meat 
always  brought  to  her  before  ten  in  the  morn- 
ing, or  else  she  would  send  to  a  shop  for  it,  and 
between  ten  and  eleven  in  the  morning  the  noise 
and  cries  of  the  hundreds  of  stray  cats  attracted 
to  the  spot  was  "  terrible  to  hear."  "When  tin 
meat  was  thrown  to  the  cats  on  the  roof,  tl  •;- 
riot,  and  confusion,  and  fighting,  was  beyon.l 
description.  "  A  beer-shop  man,"  I  was  told, 
"  was  obliged  to  keep  five  or  six  dogs  to  drive 
the  cats  from  his  walls."  There  was  also  a  mad 
woman  in  Islington,  who  used  to  have  14  Ibs. 
of  meat  a  day.  The  party  who  supplied  her 
had  his  money  often  at  2/.  and  3/.  at  ;. 
She  had  as  many  as  thirty  cats  at  times  in  her 
house.  Every  stray  one  that  came  she  would 
take  in  and  support.  The  stench  was  so  great 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


191 


that  she  was  obliged  to  be  ejected.     The  best 

•  ir  the  cats'  meat  business  are  Mondays. 

Tuesdays,  and  Saturdays.     A  double  quantity 

of  meat  is  sold  on  the  Saturday  ;  and  on  that  day 

.  and  Tuesday  the  weekly  customers 

or  was  a  baker  by  trade,"  said  a 
carrier  to  me,  "  but  through  an  enlargement  of 
the  heart  lie  was  obliged  to  give  up  working 
at  his  trade  ;  leaning  over  the  trough  increased 

.inplaint  so  severely,  that  lie  used  to 
fall  down,  and  be  obliged  to  be  brought  home. 
This  made  him  take  to 

and  he  brought  me  up  to  it  I  do  pretty 
comfortably.  1  :y  good  IK. 

all  my  life  at  it.     If  it  wasn't  for 
-hould   do  much  better;    but 

t'thc  people  I  trust  leave  the  IIOUM 
actually  take  in  a  double  quantity  of  meat  the 

fore.  I  suppose  there  is  at  the  present 
moment  as  much  as  20.-'.  owing  to  me  that  I 
never  expect  to  see  a  farthini: 

The  generality  of  the  dealers  wear  a  shiny 
hat,  black  plush  waistcoat  and  sleeves,  a  blue 
apron,  corduroy  trousers,  and  a  blue  and  white 

:  handkerchief  round  their  necks.  Some, 
indeed,  will  wear  two  and  three  handkerchiefs 
round  their  necks,  this  being  fashionable  among 

Friday  after- 
noon in    the    donkey-market,    Smithlield.    and 

•o  a  public-house  adjoining,  to  spend  the 

rats'  meat  carrier"  who  supplied  me  with 

d  than 
. 

;<mt  room  of  a  second  i 
an  01 

and  his  lod. 

and  cleanliness  in  an  :  It  was 

house. 

"     had 
' 
•.  satin  waistcoat  instead.      I 

placed  ar.d  a 

toodamaho 

ereal<  r  the  abode* 


at  the  bu» 

•eh 

•o  tlr 
throughoi. 


week,  and  this,  sold  at  the  rate  of  2jrf.  per  lb., 
gives    2,000,'.  a  week   for  the  money  spent  in 

.d  dogs'  meat,  or  upwards  of  100.U 
year,  which  is  at  the  rate  of  lOO/.-worth  sold 
annually  by  each  carrier.     The  profits  of  the 
carriers    may    be  estimated  at  about  50.'. 
per  annum. 

The  capital  required  to  start  in  this  In; 
varies  from  I/,  to  '21.  The  stock-money  : 
is  between  5s.  and  10s.  The  barrow  and  '; 
weights  and  scales,  knife  and  steel,  or  ; 
stone,  cost  about  21.  when  new,  and  from  lui.  to 

'iid- hand. 

OK  THE  STREET-SALE  OF  DRINKANLES. 
THE  street-sellers  of  the  drinkables,  who  have 
now  to  be  considered,  belong  to  the 
as  I  have  described  in  treating  of  the   I 
street- provisions   generally.      The   buyers   are 
not  precisely  of  the  same  class,  1V<.- 
eatables  often  supply  a  meal,  but  with  t: 
ceptiou   of    the    e.  onallv 

of   the   rice-milk,   the   drinkables  are   i;< 
a  luxury  than  a  meal.      Thus  the 
chiefly  those  who  have   "  a   penny 
rather  than  those  who  have  "a  penny  : 
upon."     I  h 
of  purchasers  of  each  ] 
accounts — as  a  picture  of  st:. 
more  curious  than  tho^  ,.f  the 

purchasers  of  the    eatables — of  (H. 

'•Ut. 

OF  COFFEE-STALL  Ki.n 
Tin;  vending  of  tea  and  coffee,  in  th. 
little  if  at  all  known  tl 

supplied  IV 

it  umil 

after   1842   that  r 
tiling  like  tit, 

Prior  to    ' 
was  in   little 

. 

. 

created  in  the  year  •  B 12,  nt 

least  100  per   crnt.     The   gi< 

\ 

- 

carrot*. 

course,  are  not  M.  any  duty. 


192 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


foreign  chicory  is  charged  6d.  per  Ib.  English 
chicory  is  not  chargeable  with  duty,  and  is  now 
cultivated,  I  am  assured,  to  the  yield  of  be- 
tween 4,000  and  5,000  tons  yearly,  and  this 
nearly  all  used  in  the  adulteration  of  coffee. 
Nor  is  there  greater  culpability  in  this  trade 
among  street-venders,  than  among  "  respecta- 
ble" shopkeepers;  for  I  was  assured,  by  a 
leading  grocer,  that  he  could  not  mention 
twenty  shops  in  the  city,  of  which  he  could  say  : 
"  You  can  go  and  buy  a  pound  of  ground  coffee 
there,  and  it  will  not  be  adulterated."  The 
revelations  recently  made  on  this  subject  by  the 
Lancet  are  a  still  more  convincing  proof  of  the 
general  dishonesty  of  grocers. 

The  coffee-stall  keepers  generally  stand  at 
the  corner  of  a  street  In  the  fruit  and  meat 
markets  there  are  usually  two  or  three  coffee- 
stalls,  and  one  or  tv/o  in  the  streets  leading  to 
them  ;  in  Covcnt-garden  there  are  no  less  than 
four  coffee-stalls.  Indeed,  the  stalls  abound  in 
all  the  great  thoroughfares,  and  the  most  in 
those  not  accounted  "fashionable"  and  great 
"business"  routes,  but  such  as  are  frequented 
by  working  people,  on  their  way  to  their  day's 
labour.  The  best  "pitch"  in  London  is  sup- 
posed to  be  at  the  corner  of  Duke-street,  Oxford- 
street.  The  proprietor  of  that  stall  is  said  to 
take  full  30s.  of  a  morning,  in  halfpence.  One 
stall-keeper,  I  was  informed,  when  "  upon  the 
drink"  thinks  nothing  of  spending  his  10/.  or 
15/.  in  a  week.  A  party  assured  me  that  once, 
when  the  stall-keeper  above  mentioned  was  away 
"  on  the  spree,"  he  took  up  his  stand  there,  and 
got  from  4s.  to  5s.  in  the  course  of  ten  minutes, 
at  the  busy  time  of  the  morning. 

The-  coffee- stall  usually  consists  of  a  spring- 
barrow,  with  two,  and  occasionally  four,  wheels. 
Some  are  made  up  of  tables,  and  some  have  a  tres- 
sel  and  board.  On  the  top  of  this  are  placed  two 
or  three,  and  sometimes  four,  large  tin  cans,  hold- 
ing upon  an  average  five  gallons  each.  Beneath 
each  of  these  cans  is  a  small  iron  fire-pot,  per- 
forated like  a  rushlight  shade,  and  here  char- 
coal is  continually  burning,  so  as  to  keep  the 
coffee  or  tea,  with  which  the  cans  are  filled,  hot 
throughout  the  early  part  of  the  morning.  The 
board  of  the  stall  has  mostly  a  compartment  for 
bread  and  butter,  cake,  and  ham  sandwiches, 
and  another  for  the  coffee  mugs.  There  is 
generally  a  small  tub  under  each  of  the  stalls, 
in  which  the  mugs  and  saucers  are  washed. 
The  "grandest"  stall  in  this  line  is  the  one 
before-mentioned,  as  standing  at  the  corner  of 
Duke-street,  Oxford-street  (of  which  an  engrav- 
ing is  here  given).  It  is  a  large  truck  on  four 
wheels,  and  painted  a  bright  green.  The  cans 
are  four  in  number,  and  of  bright  polished 
tin,  mounted  with  brass-plates.  There  are 
compartments  for  bread  and  butter,  sand- 
wiches, and  cake.  It  is  lighted  by  three  large 
oil  lamps,  with  bright  brass  mountings,  and 
covered  in  with  an  oil-cloth  roof.  The  coffee- 
siulls,  generally,  are  lighted  by  candle-lamps. 
Some  coffee-stalls  are  covered  over  with  tar- 
paulin, lik?  a  tent,  and  others  screened  from 


the  sharp  night  or  morning  air  by  a  clothes- 
horse  covered  with  blankets,  and  drawn  half 
round  the  stall. 

Some  of  the  stall -keepers  make  their  appear- 
ance at  twelve  at  night,  and  some  not  till  three 
or  four  in  the  morning.  Those  that  come  out 
at  midnight,  are  for  the  accommodation  of  the 
"  night-walkers" — "fast  gentlemen"  and  loose 
girls  ;  and  those  that  come  out  in  the  morning, 
are  for  the  accommodation  of  the  working  men. 

It  is,  I  may  add,  piteous  enough  to  see 
a  few  young  and  good-looking  girls,  some  with- 
out the  indelible  mark  of  habitual  depravity 
on  their  countenances,  clustering  together  for 
warmth  round  a  coffee-stall,  to  which  a  penny 
expenditure,  or  the  charity  of  the  proprietor,  lias 
admitted  them.  The  thieves  do  not  resort  to 
the  coffee-stalls,  which  are  so  immediately  under 
the  eye  of  the  policeman. 

The  coffee-stall  keepers  usually  sell  coffee 
and  tea,  and  some  of  them  cocoa.  They  keep 
hot  milk  in  one  of  the  large  cans,  and  coffee, 
tea,  or  cocoa  in  the  others.  They  supply  bread 
and  butter,  or  currant  cake,  in  slices  —  ham 
sandwiches,  water- cresses,  and  boiled  eggs.  The 
price  is  Id.  per  mug,  or  Jrf.  per  half-mug,  for 
coffee,  tea,  or  cocoa ;  and  \d.  a  slice  the  bread 
and  butter  or  cake.  The  ham  sandwiches  are 
2d.  (or  Id.)  each,  the  boiled  eggs  Id.,  and  the 
water-cresses  a  halfpenny  a  bunch.  The  coffee, 
tea,  cocoa,  and  sugar  they  generally  purchase 
by  the  single  pound,  at  a  grocer's.  Those  who 
do  an  i-xtt -naive  trade  purchase  in  larger  quan- 
tities. The  coffee  is  usually  bought  in  the 
berry,  and  ground  by  themselves.  All  pur- 
chase chicory  to  mix  with  it.  For  the  coffee 
they  pay  about  Is. ;  for  the  tea  about  3s.  ;  for 
the  cocoa  6d.  per  Ib. ;  and  for  the  sugar  3jrf. 
to  4rf.  For  the  chicory  the  price  is  6d.  (which  is 
the  amount  of  the  duty  alone  on  foreign  chico- 
ry), and  it  is  mixed  with  the  coffee  at  the  rate  of 
6  ozs.  to  the  pound;  many  use  as  much  as  9  and 
12  ozs.  The  coffee  is  made  of  a  dark  colour 
by  means  of  what  are  called  "  finings,"  which 
consist  of  burnt  sugar  —  such,  as  is  used  for 
browning  soups.  Coffee  is  the  article  mostly 
sold  at  the  stalls ;  indeed,  there  is  scarcely 
one  stall  in  a  hundred  that  is  supplied  with 
tea,  and  not  more  than  a  dozen  in  all  London 
that  furnish  cocoa.  The  stall-keepers  usually 
make  the  cake  themselves.  A  4  Ib.  cake- 
generally  consists  of  half  a  pound  of  cur- 
rants, half  a  pound  of  sugar,  six  ounces  of 
beef  dripping,  and  a  quartern  of  flour.  The 
ham  for  sandwiches  costs  5i|rf.  or  6d.  per  Ib. ; 
and  when  boiled  produces  in  sandwiches  about 
2s.  per  Ib.  It  is  usually  cut  up  in  slices  little 
thicker  than  paper.  The  bread  is  usually  "  second 
bread ;"  the  butter,  salt,  at  about  Sd.  the  pound. 
Some  borrow  their  barrows,  and  pay  Is.  a  week 
for  the  hire  of  them.  Many  borrow  the  capital 
upon  which  they  trade,  frequently  of  their  land- 
lord. Some  get  credit  for  their  grocery— 
for  their  bread.  If  they  borrow,  they  pay  about. 
20  per  cent,  per  week  "for  the  loan.  : 
of  one  man  that  makes  a  p: 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


193 


I  in  \  I   <  HANOBBY-LANE, 

ifVoma  Pkotogr.i, 

ffo.  13.  O 


LONDON  LABOUK  Afitb  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


193 


money  to  the  coffee- stall-keepers  and  other 
hucksttrs,  at  the  rate  of  at  least  20  *>er  cent,  a 
week.  If  the  party  wishing  to  borrow  a  pound 
or  two  is  unknown  to  the  money-lender,  he 
requires  security,  and  the  interest  to  be  paid 
him  weekly.  This  money-lender,  I  am  in- 
formed, has  been  transported  once  for  receiving 
stolen  property,  and  would  now  purchase  any 
amount  of  plate  that  might  be  taken  to  him. 

The  class  of  persons  usually  belonging  to 
the  business  have  been  either  cab-men,  police- 
men, labourers,  or  artisans.  Many  have  been 
bred  to  dealing  in  the  streets,  and  b;  ought  up 
to  no  other  employment,  but  many  have  taken 
to  the  business  owing  to  the  difficulty  of  ob- 
l  work  at  their  own  trade.  The  gene- 
rality of  them  are  opposed  to  one  another.  I 
asked  one  in  a  small  way  of  business  what  was 
the  average  amount  of  his  profits,  and  his  answer 
was, — 

"  I  usually  buy  10  ounces  of  coffee  a  night. 
That  costs,  when  good,  Is.  OJrf.  With  this  I 
should  make  five  gallons  of  coffee,  such  a?  I 
sell  in  the  street,  which  would  require  3  quarts 
of  milk,  at  3d.  per  quart,  and  H  Ib.  of  sugar,  at 
3|rf.  per  Ib.,  there  is  some  at  3d.  This  would 
come  to  25.  2|rf. ;  and,  allowing  l\d.  for  a 
quarter  of  a  peck  of  charcoal  to  keep  the  coffee 
hot,  it  would  give  2s.  4rf.  for  the  cost  of  five 
gallons  of  coffee.  This  I  should  sell  out  at  about 
l|rf.  per  pint;  so  that  the  five  gallons  would 
produce  me  5s.,  or  2s.  8d.  clear.  I  generally 
get  rid  of  one  quartern  loaf  and  6  oz.  of 
butter  with  this  quantity  of  coffee,  and  for 
this  I  pay  5d.  the  loaf  and  3d.  the  butter, 
making  8d. ;  and  these  I  make  into  twenty-eight 
slices  at  \d.  per  slice  ;  so  the  whole  brings  me 
in  1*.  Id.,  or  about  6d.  clear.  Added  to  this, 
!  .  which  costs  me  3$d.  per  Ib. 

the  entire   cake ;    and    this  in    twenty- 
!ices,  at  Id.  per  slice,  would  yield  . 

'  ar  ;    so  that  altogether  my  clear 
gains  would  be  4*.  4rf.  upon  an  expenditure  of 

.—say  200  per  cent." 

This  is  said  to  be  about  the  usual  profit  of  the 

trade.     Sometimes  they  give  credit     One  per- 

:nc  he  trusted  as  much  as  9^/.  tha-t 

1  out  of  that  he  was  satisfied  there 

was  4</.,  at  least,  be  should  i.  lost  «f 

the  stalls  are  stationary,  hut  some  nre  locomotive. 

ans  are  carried  about  with  y»].. 
milk-cans,   the  mugs   1, 

•   • 

approaches  to  the  bridges.     TI 
.    I    was    told,    \. 
r*gate-str< ' 
gate-street,    and    Fleet-street       In    the 

de  is  frequently  <! 
twelve  at  night  and  two  in  : 
:>•   the   best 

cr),  the  TJI 
BiHingftga* 
ere  are  no 

on  arriving  at  the  market,  are  generally  tired 


and  cold,  and  prefer  sitting  down  to  their  coffee 
in  a  warm  shop  rather  than  drink  it  in  the 
open  street  The  best  days  for  coffee-stalls  are 
market  mornings,  viz.  Tuesday,  Thursday,  and 
Saturday.  On  these  days  the  receipts  are  gene- 
rally half  as  much  again  as  those  of  the  other 
mornings.  The  best  time  of  the  year  for  the 
business  is  the  summer.  This  is,  I  am  told, 
because  the  workpeople  and  costermongers  have 
more  money  to  spend.  Some  stall-keepers  save 
sufficient  to  take  a  shop,  but  these  are  only  such 
as  have  a  "pitch"  in  the  best  thoroughfares. 
One  who  did  a  little  business  informed  me  that 
he  usually  cleared,  including  Sunday,  14s. — 
last  week  his  gains  were  15s.;  the  week 
before  that  he  could  not  remember.  He 
is  very  frequently  out  all  night,  and  does  not 
earn  sixpence.  This  is  on  wet  and  cold  nights, 
when  there  are  few  people  about  His  is  gene- 
rally the  night-trade.  The  average  weekly- 
earnings  of  the  trade,  throughout  the  year,  are 
said  to  be  II.  The  trade,  I  am  assured  by  all, 
is  overstocked.  They  are  half  too  many,  they 
say.  "Two  of  us,"  to  use  their  own  words, 
"are  eating  one  man's  bread."  "When  coffee 
in  the  streets  first  came  up,  a  man  could  go 
and  earn,"  I  am  told,  "his  8s.  a  night  at  the 
very  lowest ;  but  now  the  same  class  of  men 
cannot  earn  more  than  3s."  Some  men  may 
earn  comparatively  a  large  sum,  as  much  a"s 
38s.  or  21.,  but  the  generality  of  the  trade  can- 
not make  more  than  11.  per  week,  if  so  much. 
The  following  is  the  statement  of  one  of  the 
class : — 

"  I  was  a  mason's  labourer,  a  smith's  labourer, 
a  plasterer's  labourer,  or  a  bricklayer's  labourer. 
I  was,  indeed,  a  labouring  man.  I  could  not  get 
employment.  I  was  for  six  months  without  any 
employment  I  did  not  know  which  way  to  nip- 
port  my  wife  and  child  (I  have  only  one  child). 
Being  so  long  out  of  employment,  I  saw  no  otlu  r 
means  of  getting  a  living  but  out  of  the  streets. 
I  was  almost  starving  before  I  took  to  it — that  I 
certainly  was.  I'm  not  ashamed  of  telling  any- 
body that,  because  it's  true,  and  I  sought  lor  ;i 
livelihood  wherever  I  could.  .Many  said  they 
wouldn't  do  such  a  thing  as  keep  a  eoili  e-stali, 
id  I'd  do  anything  to  get  a  hit  of  hread 
honestly.  Years  ago,  when  I  was  a  hoy.  i 
to  go  OUt  selling  watt  i  nd  apples. 

.    and    radishes,    with  a   harrow,    lor   my 
landlord;    so  I  thought,  when  1  was  thrown  out 
Of  employment,  I  would  take  to  selling  eoliei-  in 
I  unit  to  a  tinman,  and   paid  him 
•  f  my  savings,  after  I'd    hem 
four  or    five    months  out    of  work^i     • 
I  didn't   rare    how 

;  i  uny.       Well]     ' 

'I     couldn't 
pitrli 

an    old  ;,,    t),r     h.. 

standing  for  many  year 

pitch,  and 
Cet  '20. 


19G 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


if  I  only  had  such  a  thing  as  51.  or  10/.,  I 
might  get  a  good  living  for  life.  I  cannot 
do  half  as  much  as  the  man  that  was  there 
before  me.  He  used  to  make  his  coffee  down 
there,  and  had  a  can  for  hot  water  as  well ; 
but  I  have  but  one  can  to  keep  coffee  and 
all  in;  and  I  have  to  borrow  my  barrow, 
and  pay  Is.  a  week  for  it  If  I  sell  my  can  out, 
I  can't  do  any  more.  The  struggle  to  get  a 
living  is  so  great,  that,  what  with  one  and  an- 
other in  the  coffee- trade,  it's  only  those  as  can 
get  good  '  pitches'  that  can  get  a  crust  at  it." 

As  it  appears  that  each  coffee-stall  keeper 
on  an  average,  clears  II.  a  week,  and  his 
takings  may  be  said  to  be  at  least  double  that 
sum,  the  yearly  street  expenditure  for  tea,  cof- 
fre.  \-c.,  amounts  to  31,2001.  The  quantity  of 
coffee  sold  annually  in  the  streets,  appears  to 
hi-  about  550,000  gallons. 

To  commence  as  a  coffee- stall  keeper  in  a 
moderate  manner  requires  about  51.  capital. 
The  truck  costs  21.,  and  the  other  utensils  and 
materials  31.  The  expense  of  the  cans  is  near 
upon  16s.  each.  The  stock-money  is  a  few 
shillings. 

OP  THE  STREET  SALE  OF  GINGER-BEER, 

SHERBET,  LEMONADE,  &c. 
THE  street-trade  in  ginger- beer — now  a  very 
considerable  traific — was  not  known  to  any 
extent  until  about  thirty  years  ago.  About 
that  time  (1822)  a  man,  during  a  most  sultry 
drought,  sold  extraordinary  quantities  of  "  cool 
ginger-beer"  and  of  "soda-powders,"  near  the 
Royal  Exchange,  clearing,  for  the  three  or  four 
weeks  the  heat  continued,  30s.  a  day,  or  9/. 
weekly.  Soda-water  he  sold  "in  powders," 
the  acid  and  the  alkali  being  mixed  in  the 
water  of  the  glass  held  by  the  customer,  and 
drunk  whilst  effervescing.  His  prices  were  2d. 
and  3d.  a  glass  for  ginger-beer ;  and  3d.  and 
4rf.  for  soda-water,  "  according  to  the  quality  ;" 
though  there  was  in  reality  no  difference  what- 
ever in  the  quality — only  in  the  price.  From 
that  time,  the  numbers  pursuing  this  street 
avocation  increased  gradually ;  they  have  how- 
ever fallen  off  of  late  years. 

The  street- sellers  who  "  brew  their  own  beer" 
generally  prepare  half  a  gross  (six  dozen)  at 
a  time.  Fora  "  good  quality  "  or  the  "penny 
bottle"  trade,  the  following  are  the  ingredients 
and  the  mode  of  preparation : — 3  gallons  of 
water ;  1  Ib.  of  ginger,  6d. ;  lemon-acid,  2d. ; 
essence  of  cloves,  2d. ;  yeast,  2d.  5  and  1  Ib.  of 
raw  sugar,  Id.  This  admixture,  the  yeast  being 
the  last  ingredient  introduced,  stands  24  hours, 
and  is  then  ready  for  bottling.  If  the  beverage 
be  required  in  12  hours,  double  the  quantity  of 
yeast  is  used.  The  bottles  are  filled  only  "  to 
the  ridge,"  but  the  liquid  and  the  froth  more 
than  fill  a  full-sized  half-pint  glass.  "  Only 
half  froth,"  I  was  told,  "is  reckoned  very  fair, 
and  it's  just  the  same  in  the  shops."  Thus,  72 
bottles,  each  to  be  sold  at  Id.,  cost — apart  from 
any  outlay  in  utensils,  or  any  consideration  of 
Jig  value  of  labour— only  Is.  7d.,  and  yield,  at 


Id.  per  bottle,  6s.  For  the  chea-  ,er  beverag* 
— called  "playhouse  ginger-beer"  in  the  trade 
— instead  of  sugar,  molasses  from  the  "pri- 
vate distilleries  "  is  made  available.  The 

private  "  distilleries  are  the  illicit  ones  : 
"  '  Jiggers,'  we  call  them,"  said  one  man  ;  "  and 
I  could  pass  100  in  10  minutes'  walk  from  where 
we're  talking."  Molasses,  costing  3d.  at  a  jig- 
ger's, is  sufficient  for  a  half-gross  of  bottles  of 
ginger-beer ;  and  of  the  other  ingredients  only 
half  the  quantity  is  used,  the  cloves  being  alto- 
gether dispensed  with,  but  the  same  amount  of 
yeast  is  generally  applied.  This  quality  of 
"beer"  is  sold  at  \d.  the  glass. 

About  five  years  ago  "fountains"  for  the 
production  of  ginger-beer  became  common  in 
the  streets.  The  ginger-beer  trade  in  the  open 
air  is  only  for  a  summer  season,  extending  from 
four  to  seven  months,  according  to  the  weather, 
the  season  last  year  having  been  over  in  about' 
four  months.  There  were  then  200  fountains  in 
the  streets,  all  of  which,  excepting  20  or  30  of 
the  best,  were  hired  of  the  ginger- beer  manu- 
facturers, who  drive  a  profitable  trade  in  them. 
The  average  value  of  a  street-fountain,  with 
a  handsome  frame  or  stand,  which  is  usually 
fixed  on  a  wheeled  and  movable  truck,  so 
as  one  man's  strength  may  be  sufficient  to 
propel  it,  is  11. ;  and,  for  the  rent  of  such  a 
fountain,  6s.  a  week  is  paid  when  the  season  is 
brisk,  and  4s.  when  it  is  slack  ;  but  last  summer, 
I  am  told,  4s.  6d.  was  an  average.  The  largest 
and  handsomest  ringer-beer  fountain  in  London 
was — I  speak  of  last  summer — in  use  at  the 
East-end,  usually  standing  in  Petticoat-lant, 
and  is  the  property  of  a  dancing-master.  It  is 
made  of  mahogany,  and  presents  somewhat  the 
form  of  an  upright  piano  on  wheels.  It  has 
two  pumps,  and  the  brass  of  the  pump-handles 
and  the  glass  receivers  is  always  kept  bright 
and  clean,  so  that  the  whole  glitters  handsomely 
to  the  light.  Two  persons  "  serve "  at  this 
fountain ;  and  on  a  fine  Sunday  morning,  from 
six  to  one,  that  being  the  best  trading  time,  they 
take  71.  or  81.  in  halfpennies — for  "  the  beer  " 
is  \d.  a  glass — and  21.  each  other  day  of  the 
week.  This  machine,  as  it  may  be  called,  is 
drawn  by  two  ponies,  said  to  be  worth  101. 
a-piece ;  and  the  whole  cost  is  pronounced — per- 
haps with  a  sufficient  exaggeration — to  have  been 
1501.  There  were,  in  the  same  neighbourhood, 
two  more  fountains  on  a  similar  s*nle,  but  com- 
moner, each  drawn  by  only  one  pony  instead  of 
the  aristocratic  "  pair." 

The  ingredients  required  to  feed  the  "  ginger- 
beer  "  fountains  are  of  a  very  cheap  description. 
To  supply  10  gallons,  2  quarts  of  lime-juic* 
(as  it  is  called,  but  it  is,  in  reality,  lemon- 
juice),  costing  3s.  6d.,  are  placed  in  the  recess?, 
sometimes  with  the  addition  of  a  pound  of 
sugar  (4d.);  while  some,  I  am  assured,  put 
in  a  smaller  quantity  of  juice,  and  add  two- 
pennyworth  of  oil  of  vitriol,  which  "  brings  out 
the  sharpness  of  the  lime-juice."  The  rest 
is  water.  No  process  of  brewing  or  fermenta- 
tion is  necessary  5  for  the  fixed  air  pumped  into 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


lit  7 


ihe  liquid   as   it  is    drawn    from  the  fountain, 
communicates  a   sufficient   briskness    or    efler- 

;ce.     "The  harder  you  pumps,"  said  one 

man  who  had  worked  a  fountain,   "  the  frothier 

it  comes ;    and   though  it  seems    to   fill    a  big 

and  the  glass  an't  so  big  for  holding  as 

it  looks — let  it  settle,  and  there's  only  a  quarter 

of  a  pint."     The  hirer  of  a  fountain  is  required 

security.     This  is  not,  as  in  some  slop- 

.  a  deposit  of  money;  but  a  householder 
must,  by  written  agreement,  make  himself  re- 
sponsible for  any  damage  the  fountain  may  sus- 
tain, as  well  as  ibr  its  return,  or  make  good  the 
lo>s :  the  street  ginger-beer  seller  is  alone  re- 
sponsible for  the  rent  of  the  machine.  It  is 
however,  only  men  that  are  known,  who  are 

;  in  this  way.  Of  the  fountains  thus  hired, 
50  are  usually  to  be  found  at  the  neighbouring 
fairs  and  races.  As  the  ginger-beer  men  carry 
lime-juice,  &c.,  with  them,  only  water  is  required 
to  complete  the  "  brewing  of  the  beer"  and  so 
conveyance  is  not  difficult 

There  is  another  kind  of  "ginger-beer,"  or 

rather  of  "  small  acid  tiff,"  which  is  sold  out 

of  barrels  at  street-stalls  at  \d.  the  glass.     To 

make  2|   gallons  of  this,  there  is  used  Jib.  tar- 

or   other   acid,    Is.;    Jib.  alkali  (soda), 

\  Ib.  lump  sugar,  bruised  fine,  4rf. ;  and 

\d.  Of  these  "barrel-men"  there  are 
now  about  one  hundred. 

Another  class  of  street-sellers  obtain  their 
stock  of  ginger-beer  from  the  manufacturers. 
One  of  the  largest  manufacturers  for  the  street- 
trade  resides  near  Ratcliffe-highway,  and  another 
in  the  Commercial-road.  The  charge  by  the 
wholesale  traders  is  8d.  the  doz.,  while  to  a 
known  man,  or  for  ready  money,  13  are  given 
to  the  dozen.  The  beer,  however,  is  often  let 
out  on  credit — or  in  some  cases  security  is  given 
in  the  same  way  as  for  the  fountains — and  the 
-t  be  duly  returned.  It  is  not 
uncommon  for  two  gross  of  beer  to  be  let  out 
in  this  way  at  a  time.  For  the  itinerant  trade 

are  placed  on  a  truck  or  barrow,  fitted 
up  with  lour  shelves,  on  which  are  ranged  the 
bottles.  These  barrows  are  hired  in  the  same 
way  as  the  rrows.  Some  sell  their 

stalls  fitted  up  exclusively  for  the  trade, 
a  kind  of  tank  being  let  into  the  centre  of  the 
board  and  filled  with  water,  in  which  the  glasses 
are  rinsed  or  washed.      Underneath    t: 
there  is  usually  a  reserve  of  the  beer,  and  a  keg 

stall*  were  in  Whitccha],.-!,  (>;  . 
road,  '1 

pliant  and  ('astir,  the  i'.;:!unerci.il-ro;ul.  ] 
lull,  th- 

kets  of  -mithlicld.  and  Hillings- 

ndays —  when,  indeed,  some  of 

'cad-heath,  Primrose-hill,    keniiington- 


common,    and    Camberwell-green,    being    ap- 
proved Sunday  haunts. 

The  London  street-sellers  of  ginger-beer, 
say  the  more  experienced,  may  be  computed  at 
3,000 — of  whom  about  one-third  are  women.  I 
heard  them  frequently  estimated  at  5,000,  and 
some  urged  that  the  number  was  at  least  as  near 
5,000  as  3,000.  For  my  own  part  I  am  inclined 
to  believe  that  half  the  smaller  number  would 
be  nearer  the  truth.  Judging  by  the  number  of 
miles  of  streets  throughout  the  metropolis,  and 
comparing  the  street-sellers  of  ginger-beer  with 
the  fruit-stall  keepers,  I  am  satisfied  that  in 
estimating  the  ginger-beer-sellers  at  1,500  we 
are  rather  over  than  under  the  truth.  This 
body  of  street-sellers  were  more  numerous  five 
years  back  by  15  or  20  per  cent.,  but  the  intro- 
duction of  the  street  fountains,  and  the  trade 
being  resorted  to  by  the  keepers  of  coal-sheds 
and  the  small  shopkeepers — who  have  frequently 
a  stand  with  ginger-beer  in  front  of  their  shops 
— have  reduced  the  amount  of  the  street-sellers. 
In  1842,  there  were  1,200  ginger-beer  sellers  in 
the  streets  who  had  attached  to  their  stalls  or 
trucks  labels,  showing  that  they  were  members 
— or  assumed  to  be  members — of  the  Society 
of  Odd  Fellows.  This  was  done  in  hopes  of  a 
greater  amount  of  custom  from  the  other  mem- 
bers of  the  Society,  but  the  expectation  was 
not  realised — and  so  the  Odd  Fellowship  01 
the  ginger-beer  people  disappeared.  Of  the 
street-traders  200  work  fountains  ;  and  of  the 
remaining  portion  the  stationary  and  the  itine- 
rant are  about  equally  divided.  Of  the  whole 
number,  however,  not  above  an  eighth  confine 
themselves  to  the  trade,  but  usually  sell  with 
their  "  pop "  some  other  article  of  open-air 
traffic — fruit,  sweet-stuff,  or  shell-fish.  There 
are  of  the  entire  number  about  350,  who,  when- 
ever the  weather  permits,  stay  out  all  night 
with  their  stands  or  barrows,  and  are  to  be  found 
especially  in  all  the  approaches  to  Covent-gar- 
den,  and  the  other  markets  to  which  there  is  a 
resort  during  the  night  or  at  day- break.  These 
men,  I  was  told  by  or»e  of  their  body,  worked 
from  eight  in  the  evening  to  eight  or  ten  next 
morning,  then  went  to  bed,  rose  at  three,  and 
"  plenty  of  'em  then  goes  to  the  skittles  or  to 
get  drunk." 

haracter  of  the  ginger-beer-sellers  does 
not  diller  from  what  1  have  described  as  per- 
taining to  the  costcrmoi.  :ul  to  street- 
traders  general!/.  There  is  the  same  admix- 
duccd  mechanic,  the  broken-down 
gentleman  s  servant,  the  man  of  any  cl. 
life  who  cannot  brook  the  confine  -incut  and  re- 
straint of  ordinary  in-door  labour,  and  of  tin- 
man "  brought  up  to  the  streets."  One  cx- 
..d  trustworthy  man  told  me  that 
from  his  own  knowledge  he  could  count  up 

"  classical   men,"    as  he  styl<  d    them, 
:lic  strict  gingt  r-bccr-trade.  and  of 
..ere  said    to    have    I"  i  11 
I    the   same   nan  • 

S  );  but    my   informant    did    not    know    if 

they  stood    ii.  .      i.i\     >t»; 


11)8 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONLON  POOR. 


to  another.     The  women  are  the  wives,  daugh- 
ters, or  other  connections  of  the  men. 

Some  of  the  stalls  at  which  ginger-beer  is  sold 
— and  it  is  the  same  at  the  coal- sheds  and 
the  chandlers'  shops  — are  adorned  pictorially. 
Erected  at  the  end  of  a  stall  is  often  a  painting, 
papered  on  a  board,  in  which  a  gentleman,  with 
the  bluest  of  coats,  the  whitest  of  trousers,  the 
yellowest  of  waistcoats,  and  the  largest  of  guard- 
chains  or  eye-glasses,  is  handing  a  glass  of  gin- 
ger-beer, frothed  up  like  a  pot  of  stout,  and 
containing,  apparently,  a  pint  and  a  half,  to 
some  lady  in  flowing  white  robes,  or  gorgeous 
in  purple  or  orange. 

To  commence  in  this  branch  of  the  street 
business  requires,  in  all  185.  3d. :  six  glasses, 
2s.  9d. ;  board,  5s. ;  tank,  Is. ;  keg,  Is. ;  gross  of 
beer,  8s.  (this  is  where  the  seller  is  not  also  the 
maker) ;  and  for  towels,  &c.,  Gd. ;  if  however 
the  street-seller  brew  his  own  beer,  he  will 
require  half  a  gross  of  bottles,  5s.  Gd. ;  and  the 
ingredients  I  have  enumerated,  1*.  7d. 

In  addition  to  the  street-sale  of  ginger-beer  is 
that  of  other  summer- drinks.  Of  these,  the 
principal  is  lemonade,  the  consumption  of  which 
is  as  much  as  that  of  all  the  others  together. 
Indeed,  the  high  sounding  names  given  to  some 
of  these  beverages — such  as  "Nectar"  and 
"Persian  Sherbet"— are  but  other  names  for 
lemonade,  in  a  slightly  different  colour  or 
fashion. 

Lemonade  is  made,  by  those  vendors  who  deal 
in  the  best  articles,  after  the  following  method : 
1  Ib.  of  carbonate  of  soda,  Gd. ;  1  Ib.  of  tartaric 
acid,  Is.  -W.  ("at  least,"  said  an  informant,  '/ 
pay  Is.  4</.  at  Tothecaries  Hall,  but  it  can  be 
had  at  Is.");  1  Ib.  of  loaf-sugar,  5\d. ;  essence 
of  lemon,  3d.  This  admixture  is  kept,  in  the 
form  of  a  powder,  in  ajar,  and  water  is  drawn 
from  what  the  street- sellers  call  a  "  stone-bar- 
rel"— which  is  a  stone  jar,  something  like  the 
common-shaped  filters,  with  a  tap — and  a  larger 
or  smaller  spoonful  of  the  admixture  in  a  glass 
of  water  supplies  an  effervescing  draught  for  \d. 
or  \d.  "  There's  sometimes  shocking  roguish- 
ness  in  the  trade,"  said  one  man,  "  and  there  is 
in  a  many  trades— some  uses  vitriol ! "  Lemon- 
ade, made  after  the  recipe  I  have  given,  is 
sometimes  bottled  by  the  street-sellers,  and  sold 
in  the  same  way  as  ginger-beer.  It  is  bought, 
also,  for  street  sale  of  the  ginger-beer  manufac- 
turers— the  profit  being  the  same — but  so  bought 
to  less  than  a  twentieth  of  the  whole  sale.  The 
water  in  the  stone  barrel  is  spring-water,  ob- 
tained from  the  nearest  pump,  and  in  hot  weather 
obtained  frequently,  so  as  to  be  "served"  in  as 
cool  a  state  as  possible.  Sometimes  lemonade 
powders  are  used ;  they  are  bought  at  a  che- 
mist's, at  Is.  Gd.  the  pound.  "Sherbet"  is  the 
same  admixture,  with  cream  of  tartar  instead  of 
tartaric  acid.  "  Raspberry"  has,  sometimes,  the 
addition  of  a  few  crusted  raspberries,  and  a 
colouring  of  cochineal,  with,  generally,  a  greater 
ileprree  of  sweetening  than  lemonade.  "  If  co- 
chineal is  used  for  colouring,"  said  one  man, 
'  it  sometimes  turns  brown  in  the  sun,  and  the 


rasberry  don't  sell.  A  li.i  e  ake's  rtttir." 
"  Lemon-juice"  is  again  lemonaiie,  with  a  slight 
infusion  of  saffron  to  give  it  a  yellow  or  pale 
orange  colour.  "  Nectar,"  in  imitation  ul 
Soyer's,  has  more  sugar  and  less  acid  than  the 
lemonade ;  spices,  such  as  cinnamon,  is  used  to 
flavour  it,  and  the  colouring  is  from  lake  and 
saffron. 

These  "cooling  drinks"  are  sold  from  the 
powder  or  the  jar,  as  I  have  described,  from 
fountains,  and  from  bottles.  The  fountain  sale 
is  not  above  a  tenth  of  the  whole.  All  is  sold  in 
$d.  and  Id.  glasses,  except  the  nectar,  which  is 
never  less  than  Id.  The  custoi; 
as  those  who  buy  ginger-beer  ;  but  one  ''  ! 
ader"  with  whom  I  conversed,  seemed  inclined 
to  insist  that  they  were  a  "  more  respectabler 
class."  Boys  are  good  customers — better,  per- 
haps, than  for  the  beer, — as  "  the  colour  and  the 
fine  names  attracts  them." 

The  "  cooling  drink"  season,  like  that  of  the 
ginger-beer,  is  determined  by  the  weather,  and 
last  summer  it  was  only  four  mont 
computed  for  me  that  there  were  200  persons, 
chiefly  men,  selling  solely  lemonade,  &c.,  and  an 
additional  300  uniting  the  sale  with  that  of  gin- 
ger-beer. One  man.  whose  statement  was  con- 
firmed by  others,  told  rne  that  on  fine  days  he 
took  "3s.  Gd.,  out  of  which  he  cleared  2*.  to  '2s.  Gd.  j 
and  he  concluded  that  his  brother  tradesmen 
cleared  as  much  every  fine  day,  and  so,  allowing 
for  wet  weather  and  diminished  receipts,  made 
10s.  a  week.  The  receipts,  then,  for  this  street 
luxury — a  receipt  of  17s.  Gd.  affording  a  profit  of 
10*. — show  a  street  expenditure  in  sucli  a  sum- 
mer as  the  last,  of  2,800/.,  by  those  who  do  not 
unite  ginger-beer  with  the  trade.  Calculating 
that  those  who  do  unite  ginger  beer  with  it  sell 
only  one-half  as  much  as  the  others,  we  find  a 
total  outlay  of  4.900/.  One  of  the  best  trades 
is  in  the  hands  of  a  man  who  "works"  Smith- 
field,  and  on  the  market  days  clears  generally 
from  6s.  to  9s. 

The  stalls,  &c.,  are  of  the  same  character  as 
those  of  the  ginger-beer  sellers.  The  capital 
required  to  start  is: — stone  barrel,  with  brass 
tap,  5s.  Gd. ;  stand  and  trestle,  6s. ;  6  tumbler 
glasses,  2s.  3d. ;  2  towels,  Gd. ;  stock  money, 
2s.  Gd. ;  jar,  2s. ;  12  bottles  (when  used),  3s.  Gd. ; 
in  all,  about  a  guinea. 

In  showing  the  money  expended  in  the  gin- 
ger-beer trade  it  must  be  borne  in  mind  that  a 
large  portion  of  the  profits  accrues  to  persons 
who  cannot  be  properly  classed  with  the  regular 
street-traders.  Such  is  the  proprietor  of  the 
great  fountain  of  which  I  have  spoken,  who  is 
to  be  classed  as  a  speculative  man,  ready  to 
embark  capital  in  any  way— whether  connected 
with  street-traffic  or  not— likely  to  be  remu- 
nerative. The  other  and  large  participants 
in  the  profits  are  the  wholesale  ginger-beer 
manufacturers,  who  are  also  the  letters-out  ot 
fountains,  one  of  them  having  generally  nine 
let  out  at  a  time.  For  a  street  trader  to  sell 
three  gross  of  ginger-beer  in  bottle  is  now 
accounted  a  good  week,  and  for  that  the  receipia 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


190 


'*ill  be  36s.  with  a  profit  in  the  penny  bottle 
trade,  to  the  seller,  it'  he  buy  of  a  manufacturer, 
of  12^.;  if  he  be  his  own  brewer — reckoning 
a  fair  compensation  tor  labour,  and  for  money 
invested  in  utensils,  and  in  bottles,  &c.,  of  20s. 
An  ordinary  week's  sale  is  two  gross,  costing 
the  public  24s.,  with  the  same  proportion  of 
profit  in  the  sanie  trade  to  the  seller.  In  a  bad 
week,  or  "in  a  small  way  to  help  out  other 

."  not  more  than  one  gross  is  sold. 
The  fountain  trade  is  the  most  profitable  to 
the  proprietors,  whether  they  send  out  their 
machines  on  their  own  account,  or  let  them  out 
on  hire  ;  but  perhaps  there  are  only  an  eighth  of 
the  number  not  let  out  on  hire.  Calculating 
that  a  fountain  be  let  out  for  three  successive 
seasons  of  twenty  weeks  each,  at  only  4s.  the 

; he  gross  receipts  are  12/.  for  what  on  the 
first  day  of  hire  was  worth  only  71. ;  so  that  the 
returns  from  200  machines  let  out  for  the  same 
term,  would  be  2,400/.,  or  a  profit  of  l.OOOJ. 
over  and  above  the  worth  of  the  fountain,  which 
having  been  thus  paid  for  is  of  course  in  a  suc- 
ceeding year  the  means  of  a  clear  profit  of  4/. 
I  am  assured  that  the  weekly  average  of  "  a 
fountain's  takings,"  when  in  the  hands  of  the 

r  street- dealers,  is  18s. 

The  barrel  traders  may  be  taken  as  in  the 
average  receipt  of  6s.  a  week. 

The  duration  of  the  season  was,  last  year, 
only  sixteen  weeks.  Calculating  from  the  best 
data  I  could  acquire,  it  appears  that  for  this 
period  200  street- sellers  of  ginger-beer  in  the 
bottle  trade  of  the  penny  class  take  30s.  a  week 
each  (thus  allowing  f^r  the  inferior  receipts  in 
bad  weather)  ;  300  '  dke  20s.  each,  selling  for 

)St  part  at  |0  the  bottle,  and  that  the  re- 
maining 400  "  in  a  small  way  "  take  6s.  each ; 
hence  we  find  11,480/.  expended  in  the  bottled 
ginger-beer  of  the  streets.  Adding  the  receipts 

:he  fountains  and  the  barrels,  the  barrel 
season  continuing  only  ten  weeks,  the  total  sum 
expended  annually  in  street  ginger-beer  is  alto- 
gether 14.MO/.  The  bottles  of  ginger-beer  sold 

in  the  streets  will  irimber  about  4,798,000, 
and  the  total  street  consumption  of  the  same 
beverage  may  be  said  to  be  about  250,000  gal- 
lons per  annum. 

OF  TI:  AND  CUSTOMERS  OP  A 

SELLER. 

.n,  with   a   half-: 
ranee,  as  he  had  a  wi-11    tri: 
and   was  very  cleanlily  dressed,  y 
the   following   a<  >vn    the 

years,    and 

sorts  of  street  business.     I've  been  a 
lot-seller,    a    nut-seller,    R 
teller   (with    straws,    ;  sir),    a 

. 
«n    i;  ker,  a  toahting-fork   n 

.'t  been.      I  nude 
vn   v.  lun  last  I   worked  b. 
was  my  best  day,  or  r  ^y  mornings 


when  there's  no  public-houses  open.  Drinking 
Saturday  nights  make  dry  Sunday  mornings. 
Many  a  time  men  have  said  to  me :  '  Let's 
aave  a  bottle  to  quench  a  spark  in  my  throat,' 
or  '  My  mouth's  like  an  oven.'  I've  had  to 
help  people  to  lift  the  glass  to  their  lips,  their 
liands  trembled  so.  They  couldn't  have  written 
their  names  plain  if  there  was  a  sovereign  for 
it.  But  these  was  only  chance  customers ;  one 
or  two  in  a  morning,  and  five  or  six  en  a 
Sunday  morning.  I've  been  a  teetotaller 
myself  for  fifteen  years.  No,  sir,  I  didn't 
turn  one — but  I  never  was  a  drinker — not 
from  any  great  respect  for  the  ginger-beer  trade, 
but  because  I  thought  it  gave  one  a  better 
chance  of  getting  on.  I  once  had  saved  money, 
but  it  went  in  a  long  sickness.  I  used  to  be 
oflf  early  on  Sunday  mornings  sometimes  to 
Hackney  Marsh,  and  sell  my  beer  there  to 
gentlemen — oldish  gentlemen  some  of  them — 
going  a  fishing.  Others  were  going  there  to 
swim.  One  week  I  took  35s.  at  Id.  a  bottle,  by 
going  out  early  in  a  morning  ;  perhaps  20s.  of 
it  was  profit,  but  my  earnings  in  the  trade  in 
a  good  season  wasn't  more  than  12s.  one  week 
with  another.  All  the  trades  in  the  streets  are 
bad  now,  I  think.  Eight  years  back  I  could 
make  half  as  much  more  in  ginger-beer  as  could 
be  made  last  summer.  "Working  people  and 
boys  were  my  other  customers.  I  stuck  to 
ginger-beer  in  the  season  and  then  went  into 
something  else,  for  I  can  turn  my  hand  to  any- 
thing. I  began  a  street  life  at  eight  years  old 
by  selling  memorandum-books  in  the  bull-ring 
at  Birmingham.  My  parents  were  ill  and 
hadn't  a  farthing  in  the  house.  I  began  with 
Id.  stock-money,  and  I  bought  three  memoran- 
dum-books for  it  at  Cheap  Jack's  thatched 
house.  I've  been  in  London  seventeen  or 
eighteen  years.  I'm  a  roulette-maker  now ; 
I  mean  the  roulette  boxes  that  gentlemen  take 
with  them  to  play  with  when  travelling  on  a 
railway  or  such  times.  I  make  loaded  dice,  too, 
and  supply  gaming-houses.  I  think  I  know 
more  gaming-houses  than  any  man  in  London. 
I've  sold  them  to  gentlemen  and  to  parsons, 
that  is  ministers  of  religion.  I  can  prove  that. 
I  don't  sell  those  sort  of  things  in  the  struts. 
I  could  do  »ery  well  in  the  trade,  but  it's  so 
uncertain  and  so  little's  wanted  compared  to 
what  would  kc<  p  a  man  going,  and  I  have  a 
mother  that's  si\ty  to  support.  Altogether  my 
H  inferior  to  the  ^iiip-r-hcer  ; 
but  the  fountains  will  destroy  all  the  fair  gin- 
.  r  trade." 

OF    1  I  r-SELLERS    OF    HOT    ELDER 

WINE. 

ale  of  hot  elder    \vine    in    the    Mi 

which    have    k  en    long  CSta- 

on ly    within   these   eight  or 

..rs   that    it  I    on    in    its 

ahont  lour  months 

in  the  •• 

'rum    the    bcir'i  s    of  the 

elder- !•  r    ayrup— also  mad-  turn  tii* 


200 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


berries  —  was  formerly  famous  in  the  north  of 
England  as  a  curative  for  colds,  and  was  fre- 
quently taken,  with  a  small  admixture  of  rum, 
at  bedtime.  Some  of  the  street- sellers  make  the 
wine  themselves  ;  the  majority,  however,  buy  it 
of  the  British  wine  makers.  The  berries  must 
be  gathered  when  fully  ripe,  and  on  a  dry  day. 
They  are  picked,  measured,  and  put  into  a 
copper,  two  gallons  of  water  being  added  to 
every  gallon  of  berries.  They  are  then  boiled 
till  the  berries  are  quite  soft,  when  the  liquor  is 
strained  and  pressed  from  them  through  a  strong 
hair  sieve.  The  liquor  thus  expressed  is  again 
put  into  the  copper,  boiled  an  hour,  skimmed, 
and  placed  in  a  tub  along  with  a  bread  toast, 
on  which  yeast  is  spread  thickly ;  it  then 
stands  two  days,  and  is  afterwards  put  into  a 
cask,  a  few  cloves  and  crusted  ginger  being 
hung  in  a  muslin  bag  from  the  bung-hole, 
so  as  to  flavour  the  liquor.  Sometimes  this 
spicing  is  added  afterwards,  when  the  liquor 
is  warmed.  The  berries  are  sold  in  the  mar- 
kets, principally  in  Covent-garden, — the  price 
varying,  according  to  the  season,  from  Is.  6rf. 
to  3s.  a  gallon.  Of  all  elder-wine  makers  the 
Jews  are  the  best  as  isgards  the  street  com- 
modity. The  costermongers  say  they  "  have  a 
secret ; "  a  thing  said  frequently  enough  when 
superior  skill  is  shown,  and  especially  wlu-n, 
as  in  the  case  of  the  Jews'  elder  wine,  better 
pennyworths  are  given.  The  Jews,  I  am  tuld, 
add  a  small  quantity  of  raspberry  vinegar  to 
their  "  elder,"  BO  as  to  give  it  a  "  sharp  ]> 
twang."  The  heat  and  pungency  of  the  elder 
wine  sold  in  the  streets  is  increased  by  some 
street- sellers  by  means  of  whole  black  pepper 
and  capsicums. 

The  apparatus  in  which  the  wine  is  now  kept 
for  sale  in  the  streets  is  of  copper  or  brass, 
and  is  sometimes  "  handsome."  It  is  generally 
an  uni  of  an  oblong  form,  erected  on  a  sort 
of  pedestal,  with  the  lid  or  top  ornamented 
with  brass  mouldings,  &c.  Three  plated  taps 
give  vent  to  the  beverage.  Orifices  are  con- 
trived and  are  generally  hidden,  or  partially 
hidden,  with  some  ornament,  which  act  as 
safety-valves,  or,  as  one  man  would  have  it, 
"chimneys."  The  interior  of  these  urns  holds 
three  0r  four  quarts  of  elder  wine,  which  is  sur- 
rou#d.ed  wifh  boiling  water,  and  the  water  and 
wine  ace  kept  up  to  the  boiling  pitch  by 
means  of  a  charcoal  fir^  a£  the  foot  of  the 
vessel.  Fruit  of  some  kind  is  generally  sold 
by  the  elder-wine  men  at  their  s,tan4. 

The  elder  wine  urn  is  placed  on  a  stand 
covered  with  an  oil-cloth,  six  or  eight  glasses 
being  ranged  about  it.  It  is  sold  at  a  half- 
penny and  a  penny  a  glass ;  but  there  is 
"  little  difference  in  some  elder  wines,"  I 
was  told,  "  between  the  penn'orths  and  the 
ha'porths."  A  wine  glass  of  the  "regular" 
eize  is  a  half-quartern,  or  the  eighth  of  a  pint. 

Along  with  each  glass  of  hot  elder  wine  is 
given  a  small  piece  of  toasted  bread.  Some 
buyers  steep  this  bread  in  the  wine,  and  so 
imbibe  the  flavour.  "  It  ain't  no  good  as  I 


know  on,"  said  an  elder-wine  seller,  "  but 
it's  the  fasliion,  and  so  people  must  have 
it."  The  purchasers  of  elder  wine  arc  the 
working  classes — but  not  the  better  order  of 
them— and  the  boys  of  the  street.  Some  of 
these  lads,  I  was  told,  were  very  choice  and 
critical  in  their  elder  wines.  Some  will  say : 
"  It  ain't  such  bad  wine,  but  not  the  real 
spicy." — "  The  helder  I  thinks,"  said  another, 
"  is  middlin',  but  somehow  there's  nothing  but 
hotness  for  to  taste." 

Of  these  traders  there  are  now  perhaps  fifty 
in  London.  One  man  counted  up  thirty  of  his 
brethren  whom  he  knew  personally,  or  knew 
to  be  then  "  working  elder,"  and  he  thought 
that  there  might  be  as  many  more,  but  I  an 
assured  that  fifty  is  about  the  mark.  The 
sellers  of  elder  wine  have  been  for  the  most 
part  mechanics  who  have  adopted  the  calling 
for  the  reasons  I  have  often  given.  None  of 
them,  in  the  course  of  my  inquiry,  depended 
entirely  upon  the  sale  of  the  wine,  but  sold  fruit 
in  addition  to  it.  All  complained  of  the  bad 
state  of  trade.  One  man  said,  that  four  or  five 
years  back  he  had  replenished  the  wine  in  a 
three  quart  urn  twelve  times  a  day,  a  jar  of 
the  wine  being  kept  at  the  stall  in  readiness  for 
that  purpose.  This  amounted  to  576  glasses 
sold  in  the  course  of  the  day,  and  a  receipt — 
reckoning  each  glass  at  a  penny — of  48s. ;  but 
probably  not  more  than  40s.  would  be  taken, 
as  some  would  have  halfpenny  glasses.  Now  the 
same  man  rarely  sells  three  quarts  in  a  day, 
except  perhaps  on  a  Saturday,  and  on  wet  days 
he  sells  none  at  all.  The  elder  wine  can  be 
bought  at  almost  any  price  at  the  wine  makers, 
from  4d.  to  Is.  6d.  the  quart.  The  charge  in 
the  public-houses  is  twice  as  high  as  in  the 
streets,  but  the  inn  wine,  I  was  told  by  a  person 
familiar  with  the  trade,  contains  spirit,  and  is 
more  highly  spiced. 

A  decent-looking  middle-aged  man  who  had 
been  in  a  gentleman's  service,  but  was  disabled 
by  an  accident  which  crushed  his  hand,  and 
who  thereupon  resorted  to  street-selling  and 
had  since  continued  in  it,  in  different  branches, 
from  fifteen  to  twenty  years,  gave  mean  account 
of  hifc  customer1.  He  had  not  been  acquainted 
with  the  elder- wine  trade  above  four  or  five 
years  whan  he  bought  an  elder  can  for  about  15s. 
among  a  cheap  miscellaneous  "  lot"  in  Smith- 
field  one  Friday  afternoon,  and  so  he  com- 
menced : 

"It's  a  poor  trade,  sir,"  he  said.  "I  don't 
suppose  any  of  us  make  10s.  a  week  at  it  alone, 
but  it's  a  good  help  to  other  things,  and  I  do 
middling.  I  should  say  less  than  a  Is.  a  day 
was  above  the  average  profits  of  the  trade.  Say 
5s.  a  week,  for  on  wet  days  we  can't  sell  at  all. 
No  one  will  stop  to  drink  elder  wine  in  the  wet 
They'll  rather  have  a  pennor  th  of  gin,  or  half 
a  pint  of  beer  with  the  chill  off,  under  shelter. 
I  sell  sometimes  to  people  that  say  they're 
teetotallers  and  ask  if  there's  any  spirit  in  my 
wine.  I  assure  them  there's  not,  just  the  juice 
of  the  berry.  I  start  when  1  think  the  weatWf 


LONDON  LABOUR 


THE  LONDON  POOR. 


20 1 


odd  enough,  and  keep  at  it  as  long  as  there's 
any  demand.  My  customers  are  boys  and 
poor  people,  and  I  sell  more  ha'porths  than 
peanor'ths.  I've  heard  poor  women  that's 
bought  of  me  say  it  was  the  only  wine  they 
ever  tasted.  The  boys  are  hard  to  please,  but 
I  won't  put  up  with  their  nonsense.  It's  not 
once  in  fifty  times  that  a  girl  of  the  town  buys 
inv  wine.  It's  not  strong  enough  for  her,  1 
fancy.  A  sharp  frosty  dry  day  suits  me  best. 
I  may  then  sell  three  or  four  quarts.  I  don't 
make* it,  but  buy  it  It's  a  poor  trade,  and  I 
think  it  gets  worse  every  year,  though  I  believe 
there's  far  fewer  of  us." 

One  elder-wine  stand  in  Tottenham-court 
road  cost,  when  new,  71.,  but  that  was  six  or 
seven  years  a^o.  Calculating  that  50  persons 
clear  5s.  a  week  for  16  weeks,  their  profit  being 
at  least  cent  per  cent,  the  street  outlay  in  this 
very  British  wine  will  be  only  200/.,  and  the 
street-consumption  of  it  in  the  course  of  the 
year  1,500  gallons. 

OF  THE  STREET  SALE  OF  PEPPERMINT-WATER. 
PERHAPS  the  only  thing  which  can  be  called  a 
cordial  or  a  liqueur  sold  in  the  streets  (if  we 
except  elder  wine),  is  peppermint-water,  and  of 
this  the  sale  is  very  limited.  For  the  first  3,*> 
or  20  years  of  the  present  century,  I  was  tok 
by  one  who  spoke  from  a  personal  knowledge, 
"  a  pepperminter"  had  two  little  taps  to  his  keg, 
which  had  a  division  in  the  interior.  From  one 
tap  was  extracted  "peppermint-water;"  from 
the  other,  "  strong  peppermint- water."  The  one 
was  at  that  time  Id.  a  glass,  the  other  from  2d. 
to  4<f.,  according  to  the  size  of  the  glass.  With 
the  "  strong"  beverage  was  mixed  smuggled 
spirit,  but  so  strongly  impregnated  with  the 
odour  of  the  mint,  But  a  passer-by  could  not 
detect  the  presence  of  the  illicit  compound- 
There  are  six  persons  selling  peppermint-water 
in  the  winter,  and  only  half  that  number  in  the 
summer.  The  trade  is  irregular,  as  some  pursue 
it  only  of  a  night,  and  generally  in  the  street  mar- 
kets ;  others  sell  at  Billingsgate,  and  places  of 

:  aific,  when  the  traffic  is  being  carried  on. 

••onary  for  awhile,  but  keep  shifting 

their  ground.    The  vendors  generally  "  distilled 

.vn  mint,"  when  the  sale  was  greater,  tnr 
within  these  six  or  -/ii^ht  years  they  have  pur- 
chased it  at  a  distilling  chemist's,  and  have 

:•  'pared  it  for  sal.  .  .idded  to  tin- 

distilled   liquid  bought  of  t!  to  in- 

crease the  quantity;  but  to  enhan 
the  draught — which  is  a  draw  to  some  hi. 
black   pepper   (unground),   or   ginger, 

,  are  steeped  in  the  b< 
The  p*  itcr  is  lauded  by 

when  questioned  concerning  it,  as  an  r\ 

' 

cry  being   merely,    "  Pep-i>errahit 

sellers  will  gem-rally  sav  that  they  distL 

the   !>•  :  .-iv.  s   but 

Dot  now  commonly  the  ca-«-.    Tin-  j.n  < •« 
rver,  is  tin  ; 


is  gathered  just  as  it  is  bursting  into  flower, 'and 
the  leaves  ar.d  buds  are  placed  in  a  tub,  with 
just  water  enough  to  cover  them.  This  steeping 
continues  24  hours,  and  then  a  still  is  filled 
three-parts  full,  and  the  water  is  "  over  "  drawn 
very  slowly. 

The  price  at  the  chemist's  is  Is.  a  quart  for 
the  common  mint-water ;  the  street  price  is  \d. 
a  glass,  containing  something  short  of  the  eighth 
of  a  pint.  What  costs  Is.,  the  street-seller  dis- 
poses of  for  2s.,  so  realising  the  usual  cent,  per 
Cent. 

To  take  2s.  is  now  accounted  "  a  tidy  day's 
work ;"  and  calculating  that  four  "  pepper- 
minters"  take  that  amount  the  year  round,  Sun- 
days excepted,  we  find  that  nearly  125/.  is  spent 
annually  in  peppermint- water  and  900  gallons 
of  it  consumed  every  year  in  the  streets  of 
London. 

The  capital  required  is,  keg,  3s.  6d.,  or  jar, 
2s.  (for  they  are  used  indifferently);  four  glasses, 
1*. ;  towel,  4rf.,  and  stock-money,  4s.;  or,  in  all, 
about  8s.  The  "  water"-keg,  or  jar,  is  carried 
by  the  vendor,  but  sometimes  it  is  rested  on  a 
large  stool  carried  for  the  purpose.  A  distilling 
apparatus,  such  as  the  street- sellers  used,  was 
worth  about  10s.  The  vendors  are  of  the  same 
class  of  street-sellers  as  the  ginger-beer  people. 

OP  MILK  SELLING  IN  ST.  JAMES'S  PARK. 
THE  principal  sale  of  milk  from  the  cow  is  in 
St.  James's  Park.  The  once  fashionable  drink 
known  as  syllabubs — the  milk  being  drawn 
warm  from  the  cow's  udder,  upon  a  portion 
of  wine,  sugar,  spice,  &c. — is  now  unknown. 
As  the  sellers  of  milk  in  the  park  are  merely 
the  servants  of  cow-keepers,  and  attend  to  the 
sale  as  a  part  of  their  business,  no  lengthened 
notice  is  required. 

The  milk-sellers  obtain  leave  from  the  Home 
Secretary,  to  ply  their  trade  in  the  park.  There 
are  eight  stands  in  the  summer,  and  as  many 
cows,  hut  in  the  winter  there  are  only  four  cows. 
The  milk-vendors  sell  upon  an  average,  in 
the  summer,  from  eighteen  to  twenty  quarts 
per  day;  in  the  winter,  not  more  than  a  third 
of  that  quantity.  The  interrupted  milking  of 
the  cows,  as  practised  in  the  Park,  often  causes 
them  to  give  less  milk,  than  they  would  in 
the  ordinary  way.  The  chief  customers  are 
and  adults,  and  others,  of  a  delicate 
constitution,  who  have  been  recommended  to 
take  new  milk.  On  a  wet  day  scarcely  any 
milk  can  be  disposed  of.  Soldiers  are  Occa- 
sional i 

A     somewhat      sour- tempered     old      woman, 
,  '  as  it'  she  had  been  crossed  in    love,  but 
;:>  this  trade,  gave  me  the  following 
•it  . 

not  at  all   a  lively  sort  of  life,   selling 
milk  from   thf  ,ou^li  some  thin 

a  gay  time  .  !      I've  nl'ten  been  dull 

i   sec  nothing  to 

sitting.  People  drink  new  milk 

anrea  a  good  mai  j 
omen.  I  think,  tli  . 


202 


LONDON  LABOUR  A'^D  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


licate,  and  makes  the  most  of  it.  There's  twenty 
women,  and  more,  to  one  man  what  drinks  new 
milk.  If  they  was  set  to  some  good  hard  work, 
t  would  do  them  more  good  than  new  milk,  or 
ass's  milk  either,  I  think.  Let  them  go  on  a  milk- 
walk  to  cure  them — that's  what  I  say.  Some 
children  come  pretty  regularly  with  their  nurses 
to  drink  new  milk.  Some  bring  their  own  china 
mugs  to  drink  it  out  of;  nothing  less  was  good 
enough  for  them.  I've  seen  the  nurse-girls 
frightened  to  death  ahout  the  mugs.  I've  heard 
one  young  child  say  to  another :  '  I  shall  tell 
mama  that  Caroline  spoke  to  a  mechanic,  who 
came  and  shook  hands  with  her.'  The  girl 
was  as  red  as  fire,  and  said  it  was  her  brother. 
Oh,  yes,  there's  a  deal  of  brothers  comes  to 
look  for  their  sisters  in  the  Park.  The  great- 
est fools  I've  sold  milk  to  is  servant-gals  out 
for  die  day.  Some  must  have  a  day,  or  half  a 
day,  in  the  month.  Their  mistresses  ought  to 
keep  them  at  home,  I  say,  and  not  let  them  out 
to  spend  their  money,  and  get  into  nobody  knows 
what  company  for  a  holiday ;  mistresses  is  too 
easy  that  way.  It's  such  gals  as  makes  fools 
of  themselves  in  liking  a  soldier  to  run  after 
them.  I've  seen  one  of  them — yes,  some  would 
call  her  pretty,  and  the  prettiest  is  the  silliest 
and  easiest  tricked  out  of  money,  that's  my  opi- 
nion, anyhow — I've  seen  one  of  them,  and  more 
than  one,  walk  with  a  soldier,  and  they've  stopped 
a  minute,  and  she's  taken  something  out  of  her 
glove  and  given  it  to  him.  Then  they've  come 
up  to  me,  and  he's  said  to  her,  '  Mayn't  I  treat 
you  with  a  little  new  milk,  my  dear? '  and  he's 
changed  a  shilling.  Why,  of  course,  the  silly 
fool  of  a  gal  had  given  him  that  there  shilling. 
I  thought,  when  Annette  Myers  shot  the  soldier, 
it  would  be  a  warning,  but  nothing's  a  warning 
to  some  gals.  She  was  one  of  those  fools.  It 
was  a  good  deal  talked  about  at  the  stand,  but 
I  think  none  of  us  know'd  her.  Indeed,  we 
don't  know  our  customers  but  by  sight  Yes, 
there's  now  and  then  some  oldish  gentlemen — 
I  suppose  they're  gentlemen,  anyhow,  they're 
idle  men — lounging  about  the  stand :  but  there's 
no  nonsense  there.  They  tell  me,  too,  that 
there's  not  so  much  lounging  about  as  there 
was;  those  that's  known  the  trade  longer  than 
me  thinks  so.  Them  children's  a  great  check 
on  the  nusses,  and  they  can't  be  such  fools  as 
the  servant-maids.  I  don't  know  how  many  of 
them  I've  served  with  milk  along  with  soldiers : 
I  never  counted  them.  They're  nothing  to  me. 
Very  few  elderly  people  drink  new  milk.  It's 
mostly  the  young.  I've  been  asked  by  strangers 
when  the  Duke  of  Wellington  would  pass  to  the 
Horse- Guards  or  to  the  House  of  Lords.  He's 
pretty  regular.  I've  had  6d.  given  me — but  not 
above  once  or  twice  a  year — to  tell  strangers 
where  was  the  best  place  to  see  him  from  as 
he  passed.  I  don't  understand  about  this  Great 
Exhibition,  but,  no  doubt,  more  new  milk  will 
oe  sold  when  it's  opened,  and  that's  all  I  cares 


OF  THE  STREET  SALE  OP  MILK. 

DURING  the  summer  months  milk  is  sold  io 
Smithfield,  Billingsgate,  and  the  other  markets, 
and  on  Sundays  in  Battersea-fields,  Clapham- 
common,  Camberwell  -  green,  HampsteatU 
heath,  and  similar  places.  About  twenty  men 
are  engaged  in  this  sale.  They  usually  wear  a 
smock  frock,  and  have  the  cans  and  yoke  used 
by  the  regular  milk-sellers  ;  they  are  not 
itinerant  The  skim  milk — for  they  sell  none 
else — is  purchased  at  the  dairies  at  \\d.  a 
quart,  and  even  the  skim  milk  is  also  further 
watered  by  the  street- sellers.  Their  cry  is 
"Half-penny  half-pint!  Milk!"  The  tin 
measure  however  in  which  the  milk-and-water 
is  served  is  generally  a  "  slang,"  and  contains 
but  half  of  the  quantity  proclaimed.  The  pur- 
chasers are  chiefly  boys  and  children  ;  rarely 
men,  and  never  costermongers,  I  was  told,  "  for 
they  reckon  milk  sickly."  These  street-sellers 
— who  have  most  of  them  been  employed  in  the 
more  regular  milk- trade — clear  about  Is.  6V. 
a  day  each,  for  three  months  ;  and  as  the  profit 
is  rather  more  than  cent,  per  cent,  it  appears 
that  about  4,000  gallons  of  milk  are  thus  sold, 
and  upwards  of  260/.  laid  out  upon  these  per- 
sons, yearly  in  its  purchase. 

A  pair  of  cans  with  the  yoke  cost  15s.,  and 
I/,  is  amply  sufficient  as  capital  to  start  in  this 
trade,  as  the  two  measures  usrd  may  be  bought 
for  2s. ;  and  3s.  can  be  devoted  to  the  purchase 
of  the  liquid. 

OF  THE  STREET-SALE  OP  CURDS  AND 

WHEY. 

THE  preparations  of  milk  which  comprise  the 
street-trade,  are  curds  and  whey  and  rice-milk, 
the  oldest  street-sellers  stating  that  these  were  a 
portion  of  the  trade  in  their  childhood.  The  one 
is  a  summer,  and  the  other  a  winter  traffic,  and 
both  are  exclusively  in  the  hands  of  the  same 
middle-aged  and  elderly  women.  The  vendors 
prepare  the  curds  and  whey  in  all  cases  them- 
selves. "  Skim-milk,"  purchased  at  the  dairies, 
is  used  by  the  street-purveyors,  a  gallon  being 
the  quantity  usually  prepared  at  a  time.  This 
milk  gallon  is  double  the  usual  quantity,  or 
eight  quarts.  The  milk  is  first  "scalded,"  the 
pan  containing  it  being  closely  watched,  in  order 
that  the  contents  may  not  boil.  The  scalding  oc- 
cupies 10  or  15  minutes,  audit  is  then  "cooled" 
until  it  attains  the  lukewarmness  of  new  milk. 
Half  a  pound  of  sugar  is  then  dissolved  in  the 
milk,  and  a  tea- spoonful  of  rennet  is  introduced, 
which  is  sufficient  to  "  turn  "  a  gallon.  In  an 
hour,  or  in  some  cases  two,  the  milk  is  curded, 
and  is  ready  for  use.  The  street-sale  is  con- 
fined to  stalls ;  the  stall,  which  is  the  ordinary 
stand,  being  covered  with  a  white  cloth,  or  in 
some  cases  an  oil-cloth,  and  on  this  the  curds, 
in  a  bright  tin  kettle  or  pan,  are  deposited. 
There  are  six  mugs  on  the  board,  and  a  spoon  in 
each,  but  thoi3  who  aft'ect  a  more  modern  style 
have  glasses.  One  of  the  n  latest  stalls,  as  repaidi 
the  display  of  glass,  and  the  bright  cleanlines« 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  the  vessel  containing  the  curds,  is  in  Holborn ; 
but  the  curd- seller  there  has  only  an  average 
business.  The  mugs  or  glasses  hold  about  the 
third  of  a  pint,  and  "  the  full  of  one"  is  a  penny- 
worth ;  for  a  halfpenny-worth  the  vessel  is  half 
filled.  The  season  is  during  the  height  of  sum- 
mer, and  continues  three  or  four  months,  or,  as 
one  woman  tersely  and  commercially  expressed 
:om  Easter  to  fruit."  The  number  of 
-aleswomen  is  about  100.  Along  with  the 
curds  they  generally  sell  oranges,  or  such  early 
fruit  as  cherries. 

A  woman  who  had  sold  "  cruds  " — as  the 
people  usually  call  it — for  eighteen  years, 
.:ie  the  following  account: — "Boys  and 
.  st  customers  for  cruds.  sir.  Perhaps 
to  them  almost  half  of  all  I  get  rid  of. 
-  will  treat  girls,  often  bigger 
;it  my  stall,  and  they  have  as 
'.  :ig  and  nonsense  about  it's  being 
'  stunning  good  for  the  teeth,'  and  such  like,  as 
if  they  was  grown-up.    Some  don't  much  like  it 
at  first,  but  they  gets  to  like  it    One  boy,  whose 
young  woman  made  faces  at  it— and  it  tcz-i  a  little 
sour  to  be  sure  that  morning — got  quite  vexed 
and  said,  'Wot  a  image  you're  a-making  on 
yourself!'    I  don't  know  what  sort  the  boys  are, 
only  that  they're  the  street-boys  mostly.    Quiet 
working  people  are  my  other  customers,  perhaps 
rather  more  women  than  men.     Some  has  told 
me   they  was   teetotallers.     Then   there 's   the 
D  of  the  town  of  the  poorer  sort,  they're 
good  customers, — as  indeed    I  think    they  are 
for  most  cooling  drinks  at  times,  for  they  seem 
to  me  to  be  always  thirsty.    I  never  sell'  to  dust- 
men or  that  sort  of  people.     Saturday  is  my 
;y.     If  it's  fine  and  warm,  I  sell  a  gallon 
then,  which  makes  about  40  penn'orths ;  some- 
it  brings  me  3s.,  sometimes  3s.  6d.',  it's 
rather  more  than  half  profits.  Take  it  altogether, 
I  sell  five  gallons  in  fine  dry  weeks,  and  half 
that  in  wet;  and  perhaps  there's  what  I  call  a 
set  down  wet  week  for  every  two  dry.     Nobody 
has  a  better  right  to  pray  against  wet  weather 
than  poor  women  like  me.  Ten  years  ago  I  sold 
as  much  as  I  can  now.    There's 
•iy  more  of  us  at  present,  I  think,  and 
let   aJonc    that   there's    more    shops    keeps    it 
too." 

'•1  woman  told  me,  that  she  used, 
i  days  was  .  be  tip  .ill  niurht, 

and  sell  her  "en 

I 

i .ut  the 
men  v. . 
•tall  so  often  kicked  over  by  drunken   : 

.  that  she  gave  up  the  nipht- 
•wl  she  believed  it  was  hardly  cv 
lowed  now. 

urds  and  whey  line  re 
capita] : — Saucepan,  for  tho  scald- 

. ;  stall,  !>.*;  6  mugs,  <• 

6  glaMes,  2*.  6U ;  6  spoons,  ; fie  on 

>  rinse  glasses,  1*. 

1  milk, 

In  all, 


14s.  Id.,  reckoning  the  materials  to  be  of  th« 
better  sort, 

Of  the  whole  number  of  street  curd  sellers, 
50  dispose  of  as  much  as  my  informant,  or  12  J 
gallons  in  3  weeks ;  the  other  50  sell  only  half  as 
much.  Taking  the  season  at  3  months,  we  find 
the  consumption  of  curds  and  whey  in  the  street 
to  be  2,812  double  gallons  (as  regards  the  in- 
gredient of  milk),  at  a  cost  to  the  purchasers  of 
421^.,  half  of  which  is  the  profit  accruing  to 
the  street-seller.  The  receipts  of  those  having 
the  better  description  of  business  being  : 
weekly ;  those  of  the  smaller  traders  being  4s.  8d. 
There  is  a  slight  and  occasional  loss  by  the 
"cruds"  being  kept  until  unsaleable,  in  which 
case  they  are  "  fit  for  nothing  but  the  hog-wash 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  RICE-MILK. 
To  make  rice -milk,  the  street -seller  usually 
boils  four  quarts,  of  the  regular  measure,  of 
"  skim"  with  one  pound  of  rice,  which  has  been 
previously  boiled  in  water.  An  hour  suffices 
for  the  boiling  of  the  milk ;  and  the  addition  of 
the  rice,  swollen  by  the  boiling  water,  increases 
the  quantity  to  six  quarts.  No  other  process  is 
observed,  except  that  some  sweeten  their  rice- 
milk  before  they  offer  it  for  sale ;  the  majority, 
however,  sweeten  it  to  the  customer's  liking 
when  he  is  "served,"  unless — to  use  the  words 
of  one  informant — "he  have  a  werry,  werry 
sweet  tooth  indeed,  sir  ;  and  that  can't  be 
stood."  For  the  sweetening  of  six  quarts,  half 
a  pound  of  sugar  is  used;  for  the  "spicing," 
half  an  ounce  of  allspice,  dashed  over  the  milk 
freely  enough  from  a  pepper-castor.  Rice-milk 
is  always  sold  at  stalls  arranged  for  the  pur- 
pose, and  is  kept  in  a  tin  pan  fitted  upon  a 
charcoal  brazier,  so  that  the  "drinkable"  is 
always  hot  This  apparatus  generally  stands 
on  the  ground  alongside  the  stall,  and  is 
elevated  only  by  the  feet  of  the  brazier.  The 
"rice-milk  woman," — for  the  street-sellers  are 
generally  females, — dips  a  large  breakl^st-cup, 
holding  half  a  pint,  into  the  pan,  puts  a  Ua- 
spoonful  of  sugar  into  it,  browns  the  whole  with 
allspice,  and  receives  Id. ;  a  halfpennyworth  is, 
of  course,  half  the  quantity.  The  rice-milk 
women  are  also  sellers  of  oranges,  chestnuts, 
apples,  or  some  other  fruit,  as  well  as  tl. 
milk;  but,  .  when  the  we.ither  is 

very  cold  and  frosty,  tl;<  \  -milk  alone. 

There   are    fifty  s:  I   of  rice-milk   in 

London.     Saturday  night  is  the  1 
sale-,   when   it    is    not    uncommon    for    a 
milk    woman    to    sell    six    quarts;     bi.r,    in    a 
good  trad?,  four  quarts  a  day  for  six  days  of 

<  k  is  an   average.     The  put 
poor  people;  and  a  fourth  of  the  milk  is  M/K1  to 
boys  and  girls,  to  whom  it  is  often  a  meal.    '   Ah, 
sir,"   said  one  woman,   "you   should   have   seen 
how  a   i  List  winter,   swallowed 

•ng   all    jii^l  i,    le 
said,  a;.  •  <1  it,  and  a  gentleman  gave 

,  li.r  h<-  t'tnk  pity  on  his  Inn  "i y  !>•«' 
he  spent  !•/.  with  me,  aiul   1   gave  h:m  . 


204 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


cup  for  charity.  '  God  bless  the  gentleman  and 
you  ! '  says  he,  '  it's  saved  my  life  ;  if  I'd  bought 
a  penny  loaf,  I'd  have  choked  on  it.'  He  wasn't 
a  beggar,  for  I  never  saw  him  before,  and  I've 
never  seen  nim  again  from  that  day  to  this." 
The  same  informant  told  me,  that  she  believed 
no  rice-milk  was  bougat  by  the  women  of  the 
town:  "it  didn't  suit  the  likes  of  them." 
Neither  is  it  bought  by  those  who  are  engaged 
in  noisome  trades.  If  there  be  any  of  the  rice- 
milk  left  at  night,  and  the  saleswoman  have 
doubtv  of  its  "keeping,"  it  is  re-boiled  with 
fresh  rice  and  milk.  The  profit  is  consider- 
abte ;  for  the  ingredients,  which  cost  less  than 
1*.  6rf.,  are  made  into  96  pennyworths,  and  so 
to  realize  85.  In  some  of  the  poorer  localities, 
however,  such  as  Rosemary-lane,  only  $d.  the 
half-pint  can  be  obtained,  and  4s.  is  then 
the  amount  received  for  six  quarts,  instead 
of  8*. 

To  start  "in  rice-milk"  requires  13*.  capital, 
which  includes  a  pan  for  boiling  the  milk, 
2s. ;  a  kettle,  with  brazier,  for  stall,  is. ;  stall 
or  stand,  5s. ;  six  cups,  9rf. ;  for  stock-money 
\5\d.,  with  which  is  bought  4  quarts  of  skim- 
milk,  9d. ;  1  Ib.  of  rice,  3d. ;  }  Ib.  of  sugar, 
'Id.  ;  allspice,  Id. 

The  season  continues  for  four  months;  and 
calculating — a  calculation  within  the  mark — 
that  one  half  of  the  50  sellers  have  as  good  a 
trade  as  my  informant — 24  quarts  weekly — and 
that,  of  the  remaining  25,  one  half  sell  12  quarts 
each  weekly,  at  Id.  the  half-pint,  and  the  other 
half  vend  24  quarts  at  Jrf.  the  half-pint,  we  find 
that  320/.  is  annually  spent  in  rice-milk  and 
about  3,000  gallons  of  it  yearly  consumed  in 
the  streets  of  London. 

OF  WATER-CARRIERS. 

IT  may  surprise  many  to  learn  that  there  are 
still  existing  water-carriers  in  London,  and 
some  of  them  depending  upon  the  trade  for 
a  livelihood  ;  while  others,  the  "odd  men"  of 
the  neighbourhood,  carry  pails  of  spring  water 
to  the  publicans  or  eating-house  keepers,  who 
may  not  have  servants  to  send  to  the  nearest 
pump  for  it,  and  who  require  it  fresh  and  cool 
for  those  who  drink  it  at  their  meals.  Of  these 
men  there  are,  as  near  as  I  can  ascertain,  from 
100  to  150;  their  charge  is  Id.  per  pail.  Their 
earnings  per  day  6d.  to  Is..  Perhaps  none  of 
them  depend  solely  upon  this  labour  for  their 
support. 

It  is  otherwise  at  Highgate  and  Hampstead, 
for  in  those  places  both  men  and  women  depend 
entirely  for  their  daily  bread  on  water  carrying. 
At  Hampstead  the  supply  is  derived  from  what 
may  be  called  a  double  well,  known  as  "  the 
Conduit."  The  ground  is  flagged,  and  the 
water  is  seen  at  each  corner  of  a  wall  built  to 
the  surface  of  the  ground  (about  eight  feet)  and 
surmounted  by  an  iron  rail.  The  water  is 
>3veretl  over,  in  one  corner  and  not  in  the  other, 
ind  the  carrier  descends  a  step  or  two,  dipi  in 
his  pails  and  walks  away  with  them  when  filled. 
The  water  is  carried  by  means  of  a  "  yoke," 


in  the  same  way  as  we  see  the  milk-paih 
carried  in  every  street  in  London.  The  well 
and  the  field  in  which  the  Hampstead  water  ia 
situated  are  the  property  of  the  Church,  and 
the  water  is  free  to  any  one,  in  any  quantity, 
either  for  sale  or  any  other  purpose,  "  without 
leave."  In  droughts  or  frosts  the  supply  faih;, 
and  the  carriers  have  sometimes  to  wait  houra 
for  their  "  turn,"  and  then  to  bale  the  water 
into  their  pails  with  a  basin.  The  nearest 
street  to  which  the  water  is  carried  is  half  a 
mile  distant.  Some  is  carried  three  quarters  of 
a  mile,  and  some  (occasionally)  a  mile.  The 
two  pails  full,  which  contain  seven  gallons,  are 
sold  at  \\d.  The  weight  is  about  70  Ibs. 
Seventeen  years  ago  the  price  was  3rf. ;  after 
which  it  fell  to  2|rf.,  then  to  2rf.,  and  has  been 
IJrf.  these  five  or  six  years,  while  now  there  are 
three  or  four  carriers  who  even  "carry"  at  two 
pails  a-penny  to  the  nearer  places.  The  supply 
of  the  well  (apart  from  drought  or  frost)  is  fifty  - 
six  gallons  an  hour.  The  principal  customers 
are  the  laundresses ;  but  in  wet  weather  their 
cistc-rns  and  water-tubs  are  filled,  and  the  car- 
riers, or  the  major  part  of  them,  are  idle.  The 
average  earnings  of  the  carriers  are  5s.  a  week 
the  year  through.  Two  of  them  are  men  of 
seventy.  There  is  a  bench  about  midway  to 
Hampstead,  at  which  these  labourers  rest ;  and 
here  on  almost  every  fine  day  sits  with  them  a 
palsied  old  soldier,  a  pensioner  of  about  eighty, 
who  regales  them,  almost  daily,  \vith  long  tales 
of  Vinegar  Hill,  and  Jemmy  O'Brien  (the  in- 
former), and  all  the  terrors  of  the  terrible  times 
of  the  Irish  rehellion  of  1798;  for  the  old  man 
(himself  an  Irishman)  had  served  through  the 
whole  of  it.  This  appears  to  be  a  somewhat 
curious  theme  for  constant  expatiation  to  a  band 
of  London  water-carriers. 

There  are  now  twenty  individuals,  fourteen 
men  and  six  women,  carrying  at  Hampstead,  and 
twice  that  number  at  Highgate.  Some  leave  the 
carrying  when  they  get  better  work, — but  three- 
fourths  of  the  number  live  by  it  entirely.  The 
women  are  the  wives  and  widows  of  carriers. 
The  men  have  been  either  mechanics  or  labour- 
ers, except  six  or  eight  youths  (my  informant 
was  not  certain  which)  who  had  been  "  brought 
up  to  the  water,  but  would  willingly  get  away 
from  it  if  they  could." 

A  well-spoken  and  intelligent-looking  man, 
dressed  in  thick  fustian,  old  and  greasy,  "  but 
good  enough  for  the  carrying,"  gave  me  the  fol- 
lowing account. 

"  I  was  a  copper-plate  printer,"  he  said, 
"  and  twenty  years  ago  could  earn  my  25s.  a 
week.  But  employment  fell  off.  The  litho- 
graphic injured  it,  and  at  last  I  could  get  very 
little  work,  and  then  none  at  all,  so  I  have  been 
carrying  now  between  three  and  four  years.  My 
father-in-law  was  in  the  trade,  and  that  made 
me  think  of  it.  My  best  day's  work,  and  it's  the 
same  with  all,  is  2s.,  which  is  sixteen  turns. 
It's  not  possible  to  do  more.  If  that  could  be 
done  everv  day  it  would  be  very  well,  but  iu 
wet  weather  when  the  laundresses,  who  are  my 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


205 


customers,  don't  want  water,  I  can't  make  1*.  a 

week.     Then  in  a  drought  or  a  frost  one  has  to 

wait  such  a  long  time  for  his  tum,  tnat  it's  not 

b</.   a  day ;    a  dry    spring's    the    worst      Last 

March  I  had  many  days  to  wait  six  turns,  and 

it  takes  well  on  to  "an  hour  for  a  turn  then.     We 

the   we'l   ami  talk   when  we're  waiting. 

.  sir,  the  Pope  has  had  his  turn  of  talk. 

s  wat.T   companies   both    at   Hampstead 

lighgite,  but  our  well  water  (Hampstead) 

•_-d  ff  r,  for  all  that.  It's  so  with  Highgate. 
It  is  beautiful  water,  either  for  washing  or 
drinking.  Perhaps  it's  better  with  a  little  drop 

: -it  for  drinking,  but  I  seldom  taste  it  that 

The  fatigue's  so  great  that  we-  must  take 

a  little  drop  of  spirit  on  a  long  day.    No,  sir.  we 

don't  mix  it;   that  spoils  two  good  things.      I've 

at  the  well  first  light  in  the  morning,  and 
in  summer  I've  been  at  work  at  it  all  night. 
There's  no  rule  among  us,  but  it's  understood 
that  every  one  has  his  turn.  There's  a  little 
chaff  sometimes,  and  some  get  angry  at  having 
to  wait,  but  I  never  knew  a  fight  I  have  a  wife 
and  three  children.  She  works  for  a  laundress, 
and  has  2s.  6d.  a  day.  She  has  two  days  regular 
week,  and  sometimes  odd  turns  as  well. 
I  think  that  the  women  earn  more  than  the 
men  in  Hampstead.  My  rent  is  Is.  6d.  a  week 
for  an  unfurnished  room.  There  is  no  trade  on 

Sundays,  but  on  fine  summer  Sundays  old 

attends  at  the  well  and  sells  glasses  of  cool 
water.  He  gets  2s.  6rf.  some  days.  He  makes 
no  charge;  just  what  any  one  pleases  to  give. 
Any  body  might  do  it,  but  the  old  gentleman 
would  grumble  that  they  were  taking  his  post" 
jtuting  the  number  of  water  carriers  at  the 
two  places  at  sixty,  and  their  average  earnings 
through  the  year  at  5*.  a  week,  it  appears  that 
these  men  receive  1,4521.  yearly.  The  capital 
required  to  start  in  the  business  is  9*.,  the  cost 
of  a  pair  of  pails  and  a  yoke. 

The  old  man  who  sells  water  on  the  summer 
Sunday  mornings,  generally  leaving  off  his  sale 
at  church-time,  told  me  that  his  best  customers 
were  ladies  and  gentlemen  who  loved  an 
early  walk,  and  bought  of  him  "  as  it  looked 
like  a  bit  of  country  life,"  he  supposed,  more 
than  from  1  •  ich  customers 

:.ts  of  the  neighbourhood,  they 
came  to  him  to  ask  their  way,  or  to  make 
inquiries  concerning  the  localities.  Sometimes 
he  dispensed  water  to  men  who  "looked  as  if 
id  been  on  the  loose  all  night"  One 
gentleman,"  he  said,  "looks  sharp  about  him. 
and  puts  a  dark-coloured  stuff— very  lik 
brandy — into  the  two  or  three  glasses  of  water 
which  he  drinks  every  Sunday,  or  which  he  used 

k  rather,  for  I  missed  him  all  last  *<; 

,.     H;>  hand  tin  ml  led  Lib   •  U]  • 
mostly  gave  me  GH."     The  water- seller  spoke 

it  ion  of  boys,  and  son 
•ten,  ,  e  well  on  a  Sunday  n 

ng  out  of  their  own  tins  that  they'd 
em." 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  PASTRY  AND 
CONFECTIONARY. 

THE  cooked  provisions  sold  in  the  streets,  it  has 
been  before  stated,  consist  of  three  kinds  — 
solids,  liquids,  and  pastry  and  confectionary. 
The  two  first  have  now  been  fully  described, 
but  the  last  still  remains  to  be  set  forth. 

The  street  pastry  may  be  best  characterised  as 
of  a  strong  flavour.  This  is,  for  the  most  part, 
attributable  to  the  use  of  old  or  rancid  butter, — 
possessing  the  all-important  recommendation  of 
cheapness, — or  to  the  substitution  of  lard,  drip- 
ping, or  some  congenial  substance.  The  "  strong" 
taste,  however,  appears  to  possess  its  value  in 
the  estimation  of  street  pastry-buyers,  especially 
among  the  boys.  This  may  arise  fiom  the 
palates  of  the  consumers  having  been  unaccus- 
tomed to  more  delicate  flavours,  and  having 
become  habituated  to  the  relish  of  that  which 
is  somewhat  rank  ;  just  in  the  same  way  as  the 
"finnct"  of  game  or  venison  becomes  dear  to 
the  palate  of  the  more  aristocratic  gourmand.  To 
some  descriptions  of  street  pastry  the  epithet 
strong-flavoured  may  seem  inappropriate,  but 
it  is  appropriate  to  the  generality  of  these  comes- 
tibles,— especially  to  the  tarts,  which  constitute  a 
luxury,  if  not  to  the  meat  pies  or  puddings  that 
may  supply  a  meal. 

The  articles  of  pastry  sold  in  the  London 
streets  are  meat  and  fruit  pies,  boiled  meat 
and  kidney  puddings,  plum  "  duff"  or  pud* 
ding,  and  an  almost  infinite  variety  of  tarts, 
cakes,  buns,  and  biscuits ;  while  the  confection- 
ary consists  of  all  the  several  preparations  in- 
cluded under  the  wide  denomination  of  "  sweet- 
stuff,"  as  well  as  the  more  "  medicinal "  kind 
known  as  "  cough  drops;"  in  addition  to  these 
there  are  the  more  "  aristocratic"  delicacies  re- 
cently  introduced  into  street  traffic,  viz.,  penny 
raspberry  creams  and  ices. 

OF  STREET  PIEMEN. 

Tin:  itinerant  trade  in  pies  is  one  of  the  most 
ancient  of  the  street  callings  of  London.  The 
meat  pies  are  made  of  beef  or  mutton  ;  the  fish 
pies  of  eels ;  the  fruit  of  apples,  currants,  goose- 
berries, plums,  damsons,  cherries,  rasp  I', 
or  rhubarb,  according  to  the  season— and  occa- 
sionally of  mince-meat.  A  few  years  ago  the 
y  profitable,  but  it  has 

been  almost  destroyed  by  the  "  pie-shops," 
and  further,  the  few  remaining  street-dealers 
say  "  the  people  now  haven't  the  pennies  to 

Summer  fairs  and   races  are  tin 
places  for  the  piemen.    In  London  the  best  times 
:  iig  any  grand   sight  or  holiday-making, 

:  : ;.     •     park,  the  Lord  M 
;!if    opening    of    Parliament,  (ireeiiwieh 
rly  all  the  men  of  this  class,  whom 
I   saw,  were   !  .-ulaiing  as  to  whrth.-r 

;iy  good"  to 
than,  or  n<>t. 

v.  h<>  may  number  about 
forty  n,  |  that  numbi  r  in 

i  hey  go  along  with 


206 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


their  pie-cans  on  their  arms,  crying,  "  Pies  all 
*ot!  eel,  beef,  or  mutton  pies!  Penny  pies, 
all  'ot  — all  'otl"  The  "can"  has  been 
before  described.  The  pies  are  kept  hot  by 
means  of  a  charcoal  fire  beneath,  and  there 
is  a  partition  in  the  body  of  the  can  to  sepa- 
rate the  hot  and  cold  pies.  The  "  can "  has 
two  tin  drawers,  one  at  the  bottom,  where  the  hot 
pies  are  kept,  and  above  these  are  the  cold  pies. 
As  fast  as  the  hot  dainties  are  sold,  their  place 
is  supplied  by  the  cold  from  the  upper  drawer. 

A  teetotal  pieman  in  Billingsgate  has  a  pony 
and  "  shay  cart."  His  business  is  the  most  ex- 
tensive in  London.  It  is  believed  that  he  sells 
20s.  worth  or  240  pies  a  day,  but  his  brother 
tradesmen  sell  no  such  amount.  "  I  was  out 
last  night,"  said  one  man  to  me,  "  from  four  in 
the  afternoon  till  half-past  twelve.  I  went 
from  Somers-town  to  the  Horse  Guards,  and 
looked  in  at  all  the  public-houses  on  my  way, 
and  I  didn't  take  above  Is.  6d.  I  have  been 
out  sometimes  from  the  beginning  of  the  even- 
ing till  long  past  midnight,  and  haven't  taken 
more  than  4rf.,  and  out  of  that  I  have  to  pay  Id. 
for  charcoal." 

The  pie-dealers  usually  make  the  pies  them- 
selves. The  meat  is  bought  in  "pieces,"  of  the 
same  part  as  the  sausage-makers  purchase — 
the  "  stickings  " — at  about  3d.  the  pound. 
"  People,  when  I  go  into  houses,"  said  one 
man,  "  often  begin  crying,  '  Mee-yow,'  or  '  Bow- 
wow-wow!' at  me;  but  there's  nothing  of 
that  kind  now.  Meat,  you  see,  is  so  cheap." 
About  five-dozen  pies  are  generally  made  at  a 
time.  These  require  a  quartern  of  flour  at  5d. 
or  6d. ;  2  Ibs.  of  suet  at  6d. ;  1 J  Ib.  meat  at  3d., 
amounting  in  all  to  about  2s.  To  this  must  be 
added  3d.  for  baking ;  Id.  for  the  cost  of  keep- 
ing hot,  and  Id.  for  pepper,  salt,  and  eggs  with 
which  to  season  and  wash  them  over.  Hence  the 
cost  of  the  five  dozen  would  be  about  2s.  6d.t  and 
the  profit  the  same.  The  usual  quantity  of  meat 
in  each  pie  is  about  half  an  ounce.  There  are 
not  more  than  20  hot-piemen  now  in  London. 
There  are  some  who  carry  pies  about  on  a  tray 
slung  before  them ;  these  are  mostly  boys,  and, 
including  them,  the  number  amounts  to  about 
sixty  all  the  year  round,  as  I  have  stated. 

The  penny  pie-shops,  the  street  men  say,  have 
done  their  trade  a  great  deal  of  harm.  These  shops 
have  now  got  mostly  all  the  custom,  as  they  make 
the  pies  much  larger  for  the  money  than  those 
sold  in  the  streets.  The  pies  in  Tottenham- 
court-road  are  very  highly  seasoned.  "  I 
bought  ->ne  there  the  other  day,  and  it  nearly 
took  the  skin  off  my  mouth  ;  it  was  full  of 
pepper,"  said  a  street-pieman,  with  consider- 
able bitterness,  to  me.  The  reason  why  so 
large  a  quantity  of  pepper  is  put  in  is,  because 
persons  can't  exactly  tell  the  flavour  of  the 
meat  with  it  Piemen  generally  are  not  veYy 
particular  about  the  flavour  of  the  meat  they 
buy,  as  they  can  season  it  up  into  anything. 
In  the  summer,  a  street  pieman  thinks  he  is 
Going  a  good  business  if  he  takes  5s.  per  day, 
»nd  in  the  winter  if  he  gets  half  that.  On 


Saturday  night,  however,  he  generally  takes  5s. 
in  the  winter,  and  about  8s.  in  the  summer. 
At  Greenwich  fair  he  will  take  about  14s.  At 
a  review  in  Hyde-park,  if  it  is  a  good  one, 
he  will  sell  about  10s.  worth.  The  generality 
of  the  customers  are  the  boys  of  London.  The 
women  seldom,  if  ever,  buy  pies  in  the  streets. 
At  the  public-houses  a  few  pies  are  sold,  and 
the  pieman  makes  a  practice  of  "looking  in" 
at  all  the  taverns  on  his  way.  Here  his  cus- 
tomers are  found  principally  in  the  tap-room. 
"  Here's  all  'ot  ! "  the  pieman  cries,  as  he 
walks  in;  "toss  or  buy!  up  and  win  'cm!" 
This  is  the  only  way  that  the  pies  can  be  got 
rid  of.  "  If  it  wasn't  for  tossing  we  shoukin  t 
sell  one." 

To  "  toss  the  pieman"  is  a  favourite  pastime 
with  costermongers'  boys  and  all  that  class ; 
some  of  whom  aspire  to  the  repute  of  being 
gourmands,  and  are  critical  on  the  quality  of 
the  comestible.  If  the  pieman  win  the  toss, 
he  receives  Id.  without  giving  a  pie;  if  he  lose, 
he  hands  it  over  for  nothing.  The  pieman 
himself  never  "  tosses,"  but  always  calls  head 
or  tail  to  his  customer.  At  the  week's  end  it 
comes  to  the  same  thing,  they  say,  whether 
they  toss  or  not,  or  rather  whether  they  win 
or  lose  the  toss  :  "  I've  taken  as  much  as 
2s.  6d.  at  tossing,  which  I  shouldn't  have  had  if 
I  had'nt  done  so.  Very  few  people  buy  without 
tossing,  and  the  boys  in  particular.  Gentlemen 
'  out  on  the  spree'  at  the  late  public-houses  will 
frequently  toss  when  they  don't  want  the  pies,  and 
when  they  win  they  will  amuse  themselves  by 
throwing  the  pies  at  one  another,  or  at  me. 
Sometimes  I  have  taken  as  much  as  half-a- 
crown,  and  the  people  of  whom  I  had  the 
money  has  never  eaten  a  pie.  The  boys  has 
the  greatest  love  of  gambling,  and  they  seldom, 
if  ever,  buys  without  tossing."  One  of  the 
reasons  why  the  street  boys  delight  in  t. 
is,  that  they  can  often  obtain  a  pie  by  such 
means  when  they  have  only  a  halfpenny  where- 
with to  gamble.  If  the  lad  wins  he  gets  a 
penny  pie  for  his  halfpenny. 

For  street  mince-meat,  pies  the  pieman  usually 
makes  51b.  of  mince-meat  at  a  time,  and  for  this 
he  will  put  in  2  doz.  of  apples,  lib.  of  sugar, 
lib.  of  currants,  2lb.  of  "critlings"  (critlings 
being  the  refuse  left  after  boiling  down  the 
lard),  a  good  bit  of  spice  to  give  the  critlings 
a  flavour,  and  plenty  of  treacle  to  make  the 
mince-meat  look  rich. 

The  "gravy"  which  used  to  be  given  with 
the  meat-pies  was  poured  out  of  an  oil- can, 
and  consisted  of  a  little  salt  and  water  browned. 
A  hole  was  made  with  the  little  finger  in  the 
top  of  the  meat  pie,  and  the  "gravy"  poured 
in  until  the  crust  rose.  With  this  gravy  a  per- 
son in  the  line  assured  me  that  he  has  known 
pies  four  days  old  to  go  off  very  freely,  and  'oe 
pronounced  excellent.  The  street  piemen  are 
mostly  bakers,  who  are  unable  to  obtain  em- 
ployment at  their  trade.  "  I  myself,"  said  one, 
"  was  a  bread  and  biscuit  baker.  I  have  been 
at  the  pie  business  now  about  two  years  and  A 


LONDON  LABOUR  AVD  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


207 


hal£  and  I  ~an't  ge*  a  living  at  it  Last  week 
my  earnings  were  not  more  than  7s.  all  the 
week  through,  and  I  was  out  till  three  in  the 
morning  to  get  that"  The  piemen  seldom 
begin  business  till  six  o'clock,  and  some  re- 
main out  all  night  The  best  time  for  the  sale 
of  pies  is  generally  from  ten  at  night  to  one  in 
the  morning. 

Calculating  that  there  are  only  fifty  street 
piemen  plying  their  trade  in  London,  the  year 
through,  and  that  their  average  earnings  are 
week,  we  find  a  street  expenditure  ex- 
ceeding 3,000/.,  and  a  street  consumption  of 
pies  amounting  nearly  to  three  quarters  of 
a  million  yearly. 

To  start  in  the  penny  pie  business  of  the 
streets  requires  II.  for  a  "  can,"  2s.  6d.  for  a 
"  turn-halfpenny"  board  to  gamble  with,  12s. 
for  a  gross  of  tin  pie-dishes,  Sd.  for  an  apron, 
and  about  6s.  6d.  for  stock  money — allowing 
1*.  for  flour,  1*.  3d.  for  meat,  2d.  for  apples, 
4<f.  for  eels,  2s.  for  pork  flare  or  fat,  Id.  for 
sugar,  \d.  for  cloves,  Id.  for  pepper  and  salt, 
Id.  for  an  egg  to  wash  the  pies  over  with, 
6d.  for  baking,  and  Id.  for  charcoal  to  keep 
the  pies  hot  in  the  streets.  Hence  the  capital 
required  would  be  about  21.  in  all. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  BOILED 

PUDDINGS. 

THE  sale  of  boiled  puddings,  meat  and  currant 
—which  might  perhaps  be  with  greater  cor- 
rectness called  dumplings — has  not  been  known 
in  London,  I  was  informed  by  one  in  the  trade, 
more  than  twelve  or  fourteen  years.  The 
ingredients  for  the  meat  puddings  are  not 
Ii&similar  to  those  I  have  described  as  re- 
quired for  the  meat  pies,  but  the  puddings  are 
boiled,  in  cotton  bags,  in  coppers  or  large  pans, 
and  present  the  form  of  a  round  ball.  The 
charge  is  a  halfpenny  each.  Five  or  six  years 
back  a  man  embarked  his  means — said  to  be 
about  15/. — in  the  meat-pudding  line,  and  pre- 
pared a  superior  article,  which  was  kept  warm 
in  the  street  by  means  of  steam,  in  a  manner 
similar  to  that  employed  by  the  pieman.  A 
mechanic  out  of  work  was  engaged  by  this 
projector  to  aid  him  in  the  sale  of  hi- 
luxuries,  and  the  mechanic  and  his  two  boys 
made  a  living  by  this  sale  for  two  or  three  years. 
The  original  pudding- projector  relinquished  the 
•rade  to  go  into  business  as  a  small  sliop- 
.  and  the  man  who  sold  for  him  on  a  sort 

1  '2s.  to  185.  .1 

made  the  pudding*  on  his  own  account      II 
earnings,  however,  on  his  own  account  v.  • 
above  from  1*.  to  2*.  6d.  a  wot  ...-.t  hi 

earned  by  commission,  and  a  little  whii 
fte  obtained  work  again  at  his  own  business,  but 
his  two  boys  still  sell  puddings  in  the  sti 
ile  of  boiled  meat  puddings  is  < 

.*,  and 

iness  commences  in  the  afternoon. 

id  by  one  of  the  parties,  has 
keen  as  many  as  forty-five  dozen  puddings  on 


a  Saturday  evening.  The  tins  in  which  the 
puddings  are  carried  about  hold  from  four  to 
six  dozen,  and  are  replenished  from  the  pans — 
the  makers  always  living  contiguous  to  tne 
street  where  the  vend  takes  place — as  fast  as 
the  demand  requires  such  replenishment  An 
average  sale  on  a  fine  dry  winter  Saturday  even- 
ing is  thirty  dozen,  but  then,  as  in  most  street 
callings,  "  the  weather" — a  remark  often  made 
to  me — "  has  considerable  to  do  with  it."  A 
frost,  I  was  told,  helped  off  the  puddings,  and 
a  rain  kept  them  back.  Next  to  Saturday  the 
best  business  night  is  Monday ;  but  the  average 
sale  on  the  Monday  is  barely  half  that  on  the 
Saturday,  and  on  the  other  evenings  of  the  week 
about  a  third.  This  gives  a  weekly  sale  by  each 
street-seller  of  85  dozen,  or  1,020  puddings, 
and  as  I  am  informed  there  are  now  but  six 
street-sellers  (regularly)  of  this  comestible,  the 
weekly  aggregate  would  be — allowing  for  bad 
weather — 5,400,  or  129,600  in  a  season  of 
24  weeks ;  an  expenditure  on  the  part  of  the 
street  boys  and  girls  (who  are  the  principal 
purchasers),  and  of  the  poor  persons  who 
patronise  the  street-trade,  of  about  270/.  per 
annum.  The  wandering  street-musicians  of 
the  poorer  class — such  as  "Old  Sarey"  and 
the  Italian  boys — often  make  their  dinner  of}'  a 
meat  pudding  purchased  on  their  rounds ;  for  it 
is  the  rule  with  such  people  never  to  return  home 
after  starting  in  the  morning  till  their  day's 
work  is  done. 

The  boys  who  ply  their  callings  in  the  street, 
or  are  much  in  the  open  air,  are  very  fond  of 
these  puddings,  and  to  witness  the  way  in  which 
they  throw  the  pudding,  when  very  hot,  from 
hand  to  hand,  eyeing  it  with  an  expression  that 
shows  an  eagerness  to  eat  with  a  fear  of  burning 
the  mouth,  is  sometimes  laughable  and  some- 
times painful,  because  not  unfrequently  there 
is  a  look  of  keen  hunger  about  the — probably 
outcast — lad.  The  currant  puddings  are,  I 
believe,  sold  only  at  Billingsgate  and  Petticoat- 
lane. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  PLUM  "Durp" 

OK  Dorcii. 

I'M  M    dough    is    une    of    tin:  !<lcs — 

though  perhaps  it  is  rather   a  vioK 
it    with    the  ::y —  which    is    visually 

made  by  the  vendors.       It   is  simply    a   boiled 
plum,    or   currant,    pudding,    of    the    ji. 

I     made     in     the. 

.  form   of  the  plum-pudding;   but  more 

:iy  in  the  "  roly-poly"  style.     Hot  jmd- 
:nurh    moiv  extensive 

•  is.      One  informant  told  me  that  twenty 
or  thirty  years  ago  Yorkshire,   pud- 

with   plums  in  it,"  was  a  popular 
business.      The  "  plums,"   as   in  the    orthodox 
])lum-j»uddinga,  are  raisins.    The  street-vendors 
of  jl]iim  "  (1  .  only  six  as 

the  salesman  *  'nun's  !  ••, 

sale  is  !  g  bale,  and 

in  dough  oily  on  a  Saturday 


208 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


night.  A  woman  in  Leather-lane,  whose  trade 
is  a  Saturday  night  trade,  is  accounted  "  one  of 
the  best  plum  duffs"  in  London,  as  regards  the 
quality  of  the  comestible,  but  her  trade  is  not 
conside  rable. 

The  vendors  of  plum  dough  are  the  street- 
sellers  who  live  by  vending  other  articles,  and 
resort  to  plum  dough,  as  well  as  to  other  things, 
"  as  a  help."  This  dough  is  sold  out  of  baskets 
in  which  it  is  kept  hot  by  being  covered  witli 
cloths,  sometimes  two  and  even  three,  thick  ; 
and  the  smoke  issuing  out  of  the  basket,  and  the 
cry  of  the  street- seller,  "  Hot  plum  luff,  hot 
plum,"  invite  custom.  A  quartern  of  fl  >ur,  5d. ; 
4  Ib.  Valentia  raisins,  Id. ;  dripping  and  suet  in 
equal  proportions,  2%d. ;  treacle,  \d.  ;  and  all- 
spice, Jrf.— in  all  lOJrf.  ;  supply  a  roly-poly  of 
twenty  pennyworths.  The  treacle,  however,  is 
only  introduced  "  to  make  the  dough  look  rich 
and  spicy,"  and  must  be  used  sparingly. 

The  plum  dough  is  sold  in  slices  at  \d.  or 
Id.  each,  and  the  purchasers  are  almost  exclu- 
sively boys  and  girls — boys  being  at  least  three- 
fourths  of  the  revellers  in  this  street  luxury. 
I  have  ascertained — as  far  as  the  information  of 
the  street- sellers  enables  me  to  ascertain— that 
take  the  year  through,  six  "plum  duffers"  take 
Is.  a  day  each,  for  four  winter  months,  including 
Sundays,  when  the  trade  is  likewise  prosecuted. 
Some  will  take  from  4*.  to  10s.  (but  rarely  10s.) 
on  a  Saturday  night,  and  nothing  on  other 
nights,  and  some  do  a  little  in  the  summer.  The 
vendors,  who  are  all  stationary,  stand  chiefly  in 
the  street-markets  and  reside  near  their  stands, 
so  that  they  can  get  relays  of  hot  dough. 

If  we  calculate  then  42s.  a  week  as  the  takings 
of  six  persons,  for  five  months,  so  including  the 
summer  trade,  we  find  that  upwards  of  200/. 
is  expended  in  the  street  purchase  of  plum 
dough,  nearly  half  of  which  is  profit.  The  trade, 
however,  is  reckoned  among  those  which  will 
disappear  altogether  from  the  streets. 

The  capital  required  to  start  is :  basket, 
Is.  9d. ;  cloths,  6d.  ;  pan  for  boiling,  2s.  ;  knife, 
Zd. ;  stock-money,  2s. ;  in  all  about,  7s.  6d. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  CAKES, 

TARTS,  &c. 

THESE  men  and  boys — for  there  are  very  few 
women  or  girls  in  the  trade — constitute  a  some- 
what numerous  class.  They  are  computed  (in- 
cluding Jews)  at  150  at  the  least,  all  regular 
hands,  with  an  addition,  perhaps,  of  15  or  20, 
who  seek  to  earn  a  few  pence  on  a  Sunday, 
but  have  some  other,  though  poorly  remune- 
rative, employment  on  the  week-days.  The 
cake  and  tart-sellers  in  the  streets  have  been, 
for  the  most  part,  mechanics  or  servants ;  a  fifth 
of  the  body,  however,  have  been  brought  up  to 
this  or  to  some  other  street-calling. 

The  cake- men  carry  their  goods  on  a  tray  slung 
round  their  shoulders  when  they  are  offering 
their  delicacies  for  sale,  and  on  their  heads  when 
not  engaged  in  the  effort  to  do  business.  They 
are  to  be  found  in  the  vicinity  of  all  public 
places.  Their  goods  are  generally  arranged  in 


pairs  on  the  trays;    in  bad  weather   they   an 
covered  with  a  green  cloth. 

None  of  the  street-vendors  make  the  articlei 
they  sell ;  indeed,  the  diversity  of  those  articles 
renders  that  impossible.  Among  the  regular 
articles  of  this  street-sale  are  "  Coventrys,"  or 
three-cornered  puffs  with  jam  inside  ;  raspberry 
biscuits;  cinnamon  biscuits ;  "  chonkeys,"  or  a 
kind  of  mince- meat  baked  in  crust ;  Dutch 
butter- cakes  ;  Jews'  butter- cakes  ;  "  bowlas," 
or  round  tarts  made  of  sugar,  apple,  and  bread  ; 
"jumbles,"  or  thin  crisp  cakes  made  of  treacle, 
butter,  and  flour ;  and  jams,  or  open  tarts  with 
a  little  preserve  in  the  centre. 

All  these  things  are  made  for  the  street- sellers 
by  about  a  dozen  Jew  pastry-cooks,  the  most  of 
whom  reside  about  Whitechapel.  They  confine 
themselves  to  the  trade,  and  make  every  descrip- 
tion. On  a  fine  holiday  morning  their  shops,  or 
rather  bake-houses,  are  filled  with  customers, 
as  they  supply  the  small  shops  as  well  as  the 
street- sellers  of  London.  Each  article  is  made 
to  be  sold  at  a  halfpenny,  and  the  allowance  by 
the  wholesale  pastry-cook  is  such  as  to  enable 
his  customers  to  realise  a  profit  of  4td.  in  Is. ; 
thus  he  charges  4rf.  a  dozen  for  the  several 
articles.  Within  the  last  seven  years  there  has 
been,  I  am  assured,  a  great  improvement  in  the 
composition  of  these  cakes,  &c.  This  is  attri- 
butable to  the  Jews  having  introduced  superior 
dainties,  and,  of  course,  rendered  it  necessary  for 
the  others  to  vie  with  them  :  the  articles  vended 
by  these  Jews  (of  whom  there  are  from  20  to  40 
in  the  streets)  are  still  pronounced,  by  many 
connoisseurs  in  street-pastry,  as  the  best  Some 
sell  penny  dainties  also,  but  not  to  a  twentieth 
part  of  the  halfpenny  trade.  One  of  the  whole- 
sale pastry-cooks  takes  40/.  a  week.  These 
wholesale  men,  who  sometimes  credit  the  street- 
people,  buy  ten,  fifteen,  or  twenty  sacks  of  flour 
at  a  time  whenever  a  cheap  bargain  offers.  They 
purchase  as  largely  in  Irish  butter,  which  they 
have  bought  at  3d.  or  1\d.  the  pound.  They 
buy  also  "scrapings,"  or  what  remains  in  the 
butter-firkins  when  emptied  by  the  butter-sellers 
in  the  shops.  "  Good  scrapings"  are  used  for 
the  best  cakes  ;  the  jam  they  make  themselves. 
To  commence  the  wholesale  business  requires  a 
capital  of  600J.  To  commence  the  street- selling 
requires  a  capital  of  only  10s. ;  and  this  in- 
cludes the  cost  of  a  tray,  about  Is.  9d. ;  a  cloth 
Is. ;  and  a  leathern  strap,  with  buckle,  to  go 
round  the  neck,  6d. ;  while  the  rest  is  for  stock, 
with  a  shilling,  or  two  as  a  reserve.  All  the 
street-sellers  insist  upon  the  impossibility  of 
any  general  baker  making  cakes  as  cheap  as 
those  they  vend.  "  It's  impossible,  sir,"  said 
one  man  to  me,  "  it's  a  trade  by  itself;  nobody 
else  can  touch  it.  They  was  miserable  little 
things  seven  years  ago." 

An  acute-looking  man,  decently  dressed,  gave 
me  the  following  account  He  resided  with  his 
wife — who  went  out  charing — in  a  decent  little 
hack- room  at  the  East-end,  for  which  he  paid 
Is.  a  week.  He  had  no  children  : — 

"  I'm  a  'translator'  (a  <pecies  of  cobbler)  bj 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


209 


SONG  SKI.I.I.I;. 

"  Two  undtrflflj  fora 


No.  14. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LCNDON  POOR. 


211 


ttade,"  he  said,  "  but  I've  been  a  cake  and 
tart-seller  in  the  streets  for  seven  or  eight  years. 
I  couldn't  make  1*.  3d.  a  day  of  twelve  hours' 
work,  and  sometimes  nothing,  by  translating, 
Besides,  my  health  was  failing ;  and,  as  I  used 
to  go  out  on  a  Sunday  with  cakes  to  sell  for  a 
cousin  of  mine,  I  went  into  the  trade  myself, 
because  I'd  got  up  to  it.  I  did  middling  the 
first  three  or  four  years,  and  I'd  do  middling 
s'ill,  if  it  wasn't  for  the  bad  weather  and 
the  police.  I've  been  up  three  times  for 
*  obstructing.'  Why,  sir,  I  never  obstructed  a 
quarter  as  much  as  the  print-shops  and  news- 
paper-shops down  there"  (pointing  to  a  narrow 
street  in  the  City).  "  But  the  keepers  of  them 
shops  can  take  a  sight  at  the  Lord  Mayor 
from  behind  their  tills.  The  first  time  I  was 
up  before  the  Lord  Mayor — it's  a  few  years 
back  — I  thought  he  talked  like  an  old  wife. 
'  You  mu>tn't  stand  that  way,'  he  says, '  and  you 

.  t  do  this,  and  you  mustn't  do  that. 
'Well,  my  lord.'  says  I,  'then  I  mustn't  live 
honestly.  But  if  you'll  give  me  9s.  a  week,  I'll 
promise  not  to  stand  here,  and  not  to  stand  there ; 
and  neither  to  do  this,  nor  that,  nor  anything  at 
all,  if  that  pleases  you  better.'  They  was 
shocked,  they  said,  at  my  impudence — so  young 
a  fellow,  too!  I  got  off  each  time,  but  a 
deal  of  my  things  was  spoiled.  I  work  the  City 
on  week-days,  and  Victoria  Park  on  Sundays. 
In  the  City,  my  best  customers  is  not  children, 
but  young  gents ;  real  gents,  some  of  them  with 
gold  watches.  They  buys  twopenn'orth,  mostly 
— that's  four  of  any  sort,  or  different  sorts. 
They're  clerks  in  banks  and  counting-houses,  I 
suppose,  that  must  look  respectable  like  on  a 
little,  and  so  feeds  cheap,  poor  chaps !  for  they 
dine  or  lunch  off  it,  never  doubt  Or  they 
j  keeping  their  money  for  other  things. 
To  sell  eleven  dozen  is  a  first-rate  days'  work ; 
that's  1*.  9d.  or  1*.  lOd.  profit.  But  then  comes 
the  wet  days,  and  I  can't  trade  at  all  in  the 

md  so  the  things  get  stale,  and  I  have  to 
sell  them  in  Petticoat-lane  for  two  a  halfpenny. 
Victoria  Park — I'm  not  let  inside  with  my  tray 
— is  good  and  bad  as  happens.  It's  chiefly  a 

•  trade  there.      Oh,    I   dare   say   I  toss 

;ies  some  Sundays.     I  don't  like 
the  coster  ladi ,    they're  the  wide-awak 

u~e  'grays.'     They're  h.V- 

^cll  at  fro:  ;.      I'm    n<  • 

:<•    buy 
•v  of  me  on  Sundays  ; 

Hng'" 

^  horses,  or  pic- 
"ipcnt  a  whole  si; 

among  the  cak< 

•;.  a  week  in  Vr 

that's 
week,  a  lufficiently  low  average,  the  itrect 


outlay  will  be  2,3-iOA,  representing  n  street- 
consumption  of  1,123,200  cakes,  tarts,  &c. 

OF  OTHER  CAKE-SELLERS  IN  THE  STREETS. 
THE  street  cake-selling  of  London  is  not  alto- 
gether confined  to  the  class  I  have  described; 
but  the  others  engaged  in  it  are  not  regular 
pursuers  of  the  business,  and  do  not  exceed 
thirty  in  number.  Some  stock  their  trays  with 
flare- cakes,  which  are  round  cakes,  made  of 
flour  and  "  unrendered"  (unmelted)  lard,  and 
stuck  over  freely  with  currants.  They  are  sold 
at  a  farthing  and  a  halfpenny  each.  Others, 
again,  carry  only  sponge-cakes,  made  of  flour 
and  eggs,  packed  closely  and  regularly  toge- 
ther, so  as  to  present  an  uniform  and  inviting 
surface.  Others  carry  only  gingerbread,  made 
of  flour  and  treacle.  These  small  trades  are 
sometimes  resorted  to  for  a  temporary  purpose, 
rather  than  a  street- seller's  remaining  in  com- 
pulsory idleness.  I  learned  also  that  cake- 
sellers  in  the  regular  line,  when  unable  to 
command  sufficient  capital  to  carry  on  their 
trade  in  the  way  they  have  been  accustomed  to, 
sell  "  flayers,"  so  called  from  being  made  with 
pig's  or  sheep's  "flay,"  or  any  other  cheap 
cakes,  and  so  endeavour  to  retrieve  themselves. 
The  profits  on  these  plainer  sorts  is  Id.  in  1*. 
more  than  that  on  the  others,  but  the  sale 
rarely  exceeds  half  as  much.  I  heard,  how- 
ever, of  one  man  who  deposited  in  pence,  in 
eight  days,  Is.  lOrf.  with  a  wholesale  pastry- 
cook. He  had  saved  this  sum  by  almost 
starving  himself,  on  the  sale  of  the  inferior 
cakes,  and  the  dealer  trusted  him  the  lOrf. 
to  make  up  eight  dozen  in  the  regular  case 
business.  To  commence  the  street  sale  of 
cheap  cakes  requires  a  capital  of  less  than  5s. ; 
for  tray,  Is.  6d. ;  cloth,  6d. ;  strap,  6d.  ;  and 
stock-money,  Is.  6d. 

Three  or  four  men  are  occupied  in  selling 
plum-cakes.  These  are  generally  sold  in  half- 
penny and  penny  lots.  The  plum-cake  is  made 
by  the  same  class  of  pastrycooks  whom  I  havo 
described  as  supplying  the  tarts,  pulls.  &e.,  and 
sold  on  the  same-  terms.  The  profits  are  fifty 
per  cent — what  cost  4.<r.  bringing  ii.  (».<.  Oni? 
man  who  travels  'o  all  the  fairs  and  races,  ami 
is  more  in  the  coi  n try  than  town  in  the  summer 
•md  autumn,  sell',  large  quantities  of  plum-cake 
n  Sniithlielcl  wJ  en  in  town,  sometimes  having 
It.  worth  and  m  ire  on  his  stall.  He  sells  cakes 
".md  (cWcnsihly)  at  \d.,  <!,/..  ami  S</.. 
iccord;.  ;;i]>lies 

the    8tr.  -a    the    same    t(  rms    .. 

mice  a  ha! 

From  the  best  <!;:ta  at  my  command,  it  appears 

r-ale  of  t!  r    cakes   docs    not 

realise  above  a  fifth  of  that   taken  l»y  the  other 

'»   I    havo  treated,  amounting  to 

D  all. 

>i     nil      •  I  iii;.    01 

NUTs. 

previously 
:i    tfcj 


212 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


streets  than  it  is  at  present.  Indeed,  what  was 
formerly  known  in  the  trade  as  "  toy  "  ginger- 
bread is  now  unseen  in  the  streets,  except  occa- 
sionally, and  that  only  when  the  whole  has  not 
been  sold  at  the  neighbouring  fairs,  at  which  it 
is  still  offered.  But,  even  at  these  fairs,  the 
principal,  and  sometimes  the  only,  toy  ginger- 
bread that  is  vended  is  the  "  cock  in  breeches ;" 
a  formidable-looking  bird,  with  his  nether  gar- 
ments of  gold.  Twenty  or  thirty  years  ago, 
"  king  George  on  horseback"  was  popular  in 
gingerbread.  His  Majesty,  wearing  a  gilt 
crown,  gilt  spurs,  and  a  gilt  sword,  bestrode  the 
gilt  saddle  of  his  steed,  and  was  eaten  with 
great  relish  by  his  juvenile  subjects.  There 
were  also  sheep,  and  dogs,  and  other  animals, 
all  adorned  in  a  similar  manner,  and  looking  as 
if  they  had  been  formed  in  close  and  faithful 
imitation  of  children's  first  attempts  at  cattle 
drawing.  These  edible  toys  were  then  sold  in 
"white,"  as  well  as  in  "brown"  gingerbread, 
the  white  being  the  same  in  all  other  respects 
as  the  brown,  except  that  a  portion  of  sugar  was 
used  in  its  composition  instead  of  treacle. 

There  are  now  only  two  men  hi  London  who 
make  their  own  gingerbread- nuts  for  sale  in 
the  streets.  This  preparation  of  gingerbread  is 
called  by  the  street-sellers,  after  a  common 
elliptical  iashion,  merely  "  nuts."  From  the 
most  experienced  man  in  the  street  trade  I  had 
the  following  account :  he  was  an  intelligent, 
well-mannered,  and  well-spoken  man,  and  when 
he  laughed  or  smiled,  had  what  may  be  best 
described  as  a  pleasant  look.  After  he  had 
initiated  me  into  the  art  and  mystery  of  ginger- 
bread making — which  I  bliall  detail  separately 
-he  said, 

"I've  been  in  the  'nut'  trade  25  years,  or 
thereabouts,  and  have  made  my  own  nuts  for 
20  years  of  that  time.  I  bought  of  a  ginger- 
bread baker  at  first — there  was  plenty  of  them 
in  them  days  —  and  the  profit  a  living  profit, 
too.  Certainly  it  was,  for  what  I  bought  for  5*. 
I  could  sell  for  16s.  I  was  brought  up  a  baker, 
but  the  moment  I  was  out  of  my  time  I  started 
in  the  street  nut  trade  for  myself.  I  knew  the 
profits  of  it,  and  thought  it  better  than  the 
slavery  of  a  journeyman  baker's  life.  You've 
mentioned,  sir,  in  your  work,  a  musical  sort  of 
a  street-crier  of  gingerbread  (see  p.  160),  and  I 
think,  and  indeed  I'm  pretty  certain,  that  it's 
the  same  man  as  was  my  partner  20  years  back ; 
aye,  more  than  20,  but  I  can't  tell  about  years." 
[The  reader  will  have  remarked  how  frequently 
this  oblivion  as  to  dates  and  periods  characterises 
the  statements  of  street-sellers.  Perhaps  no 
men  take  less  note  of  time.]  "  At  that  time  he 
was  my  partner  in  the  pig  trade.  Dairy-fed, 
d'you  say,  sir  ?  Not  in  the  slightest.  The 
outsides  of  the  hanimals  was  paste,  and  the 
insides  on  'em  was  all  mince-meat  Their 
eyes  was  currants.  We  two  was  the  original 
risrs,  and,  I  believe,  the  only  two  pigs  in  the 
streets.  We  often  made  15s.  between  us,  in  a 
day,  in  pigs  alone.  The  musical  man,  as  you 
call  him — poor  fellow,  he  dmppt,,l  down  dead  hi 


the  street  one  day  as  he  was  crying ;  he  wai 
regular  worn  out — cried  himself  into  his  grave 
you  may  say— poor  fellow,  he  used  to  sing  out 

'  Here's  a  lon^'-tailed  pig,  and  a  short-tailed  pig, 

And  a  pig  with  a  curly  tail  : 
Here's  a  Yorkshire  pig,  and  a  Hampshire  pig, 
And  a  pig  without  e'er  a  tail.' 

"  When  I  was  first  in  the  trade,  I  sold  twice 
as  many  nuts  as  I  do  now,  though  my  nuts  was 
only  12  a  penny  then,  and  they're  now  40.  A 
little  larger  the  12  were,  but  not  very  much.  I 
have  taken  20*.  and  24s.  many  and  many  a 
Saturday.  I  then  made  from  21.  to  2.1.  10s.  a 
week  by  sticking  to  it,  and  money  might  have 
been  saved.  I've  taken  between  7/.  and  8/.  at  a 
Greenwich  Fair  in  the  three  days,  in  them  times, 
by  myself.  Indeed,  last  Easter,  my  wife  and 
me — for  she  works  as  well  as  I  do,  and  sells 
almost  as  much— took  51.  But  gingerbread  was 
money  in  the  old  times,  and  I  sold  'lumps'  as 
well  as  'nuts;'  but  now  lumps  won't  go  off — 
not  in  a  fair,  no  how.  I've  been  in  the  trade 
ever  since  I  started  in  it,  but  I've  had  turns  at 
other  things.  I  was  in  the  service  of  a  Custom- 
house agency  firm ;  but  they  got  into  bother 
about  contrabands,  and  the  revenue,  and  cut  oft 
to  America — I  believe  they  took  money  with 
them,  a  good  bit  of  it — and  I  was  indicted,  or 
whatever  they  nail  it,  in  the  Court  of  Exche- 
quer— I  never  ^as  in  the  Court  in  my  life — and 
was  called  upon,  one  fine  day,  to  pay  to  the 
Crown  1,580/.,  and  some  odd  pounds  and  shil- 
lings besides !  I  never  understood  the  rights  of 
it,  out  it  was  about  smuggling.  I  was  indicted 
by  myself,  I  believe.  When  Mr.  Candy,  and 
other  great  houses  in  the  City,  were  found 
out  that  way,  they  made  it  all  right ;  paid  some- 
thing, as  I've  heard,  and  sacked  the  profits. 
Well ;  when  /  was  called  on,  it  wasn't,  I  assure 
you,  sir — ha,  ha,  ha!— at  ill  convenient  for  a 
servant — and  I  was  only  that—  to  pay  the  fifteen 
hundred  and  odd;  so  I  served  12  months  and  2 
days  in  prison  for  it  I'd  saved  a  little  money, 
and  wasn't  so  uncomfortable  in  pr'.son.  I  could 
get  a  dinner,  and  give  a  dinner.  When  I  came 
out,  I  took  to  the  nuts.  It  was  lucky  for  me 
that  I  had  a  trade  to  turn  to;  for,  even  if  I 
could  have  shown  I  wasn't  at  all  to  blame  about 
the  Exchequer,  I  could  never  have  got  another 
situation — never.  So  the  streets  saved  me:  my 
nuts  was  my  bread. 

"  At  this  present  time,  sir,  if  I  make,  the  year 
through,  9s.  a  week,  and  my  wife  1*.  or  2*.  less, 
that's  the  extent      When  the   Queen   opened 
Parliament,  the  two  on  us  took  10s.    The  Queen's 
good  for  that,  anyhow,  in  person.  If  the  opening 
was  by  proclamation "  [so  he  called  it,  three  or     i 
four  times],  "  it  wouldn't  have  been  worth  while 
going  to — not  at  all.     If  there's  not  a  crowd. 
the  police  interfere,  and  '  move  on  ! '  is  the  order. 
The  Queen's  popular  with  me,  for  her  op 
Parliament  herself.     I  count  it  her  duty. 
police   are  a  great  trouble.       ' 
disturb  me  in  the  place  (n< 
it,   sir)  where  you've  set-n   me,  but 


f.AROUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POf)R. 


213 


other  places  They  say  there's  no  rest  for  the 
wicked ;  but,  in  the  streets,  there's  no  rest  for  a 
man  trying  to  make  an  honest  living,  as  I'm  sure 
I  do.  I  could  pitch  anywhere,  one  time. 

"  My  chief  dependence  is  on  working-men, 
who  buys  my  nuts  to  take  home  to  their  young 
'uns.  I  never  sell  for  parties,  or  desserts,  that 
I  know  of.  I  take  very  little  from  boys — very 
little.  The  women  of  the  town  buy  hardly  any 
of  me.  I  used  to  sell  a  good  many  pigs  to  them, 
in  some  of  the  streets  about  Brunswick-square  ; 
kept  misses,  and  such  like — and  very  pleasant 
customers  they  was,  and  good  pay:  but  that's 
all  over  now.  They  never  'bated  me — never." 

To  make  about  56  Ibs.  of  the  gingerbread-nuts 
sold  by  my  informant,  takes  28  Ibs.  of  tveacle, 
7s. ;  48  Ibs.  of  Hour,  14s. ;  }  Ib.  of  ginger,  4</. ; 
and  }  Ib.  of  allspice,  4</.  From  18  to  20 
dozen  of  small  nuts  go  to  the  pound.  This 
quantity,  at  40  a  penny,  reckoning  18  dozen  to 
a  pound,  realises  about  5d.  per  pound  ;  or  about 
25*.  for  an  outlay  of  lls.  8J.  The  expense  of 
baking,  however,  and  of  "appurtenances,"  re- 
duces the  profit  to  little  more  than  cent  per 
cent. 

The  other  nut-sellers  in  the  streets  vend  the 
*'  almond  nuts."  Of  these  vendors  there  are 
not  less  than  150  ;  of  them,  100  buy  their  goods 
of  the  bakers  (what  they  sell  for  Is.  costing  them 
4rf.),  and  the  other  50  make  their  own.  The 
materials  are  the  same  as  those  of  the  ginger- 
bread, with  the  addition  of  4  Ibs.  of  butter,  8rf. 
per  Ib. ;  1  Ib.  of  almonds,  1*.  4d. ;  and  2  Ibs.  of 
volatile  salts,  8r/.  Out  of  this  material,  60  Ibs. 
of  "almond  nuts"  may  be  made.  A  split 
almond  is  placed  in  the  centre  of  each  of  these 
nuts ;  and,  as  they  are  three  times  as  large  as 
the  gingerbread  nuts,  12  a  penny  is  the  price. 
36  dozen  a  day — and  so  clearing  2s. — is 
accounted  a  day's  work."  "With  the 

drawback  of  wet  weather,  the  average  weekly 
earnings  of  the  almond  nut-sellers  are,  perhaps, 
the  same  as  the  gingerbread  nut  man's  —  9s. 

. .     These  almond  nut-sellers  are,  for  the 
irt,  itinerant,  their  localities  of  sale  being 

•ue  as  in  the  "cake  and  tart"  line.     They 

•heir  goods,  neatly  done  up  in  paper,  on 
trays  slung  from  the  shoulder.  The  gingerbread- 
nuts  are  carried  in  a  large  basket,  and  are  ready 
packed  in  paper  bags. 

tOC  "almond"  nun  call  at  the  pub- 

.ses,  but  the  sale  in  such  places  is  very 
small.  Most  of  those  who  make  their  own  nuts 
have  been  brought  up  as  bakers — a  class  of 
workmen  who  seem  to  resort  and  adapt  them- 
selves to  a  street  trade  more  readily  than  others. 
The  nuts  are  baked  in  tin-  usual  way,  spr 

••vs.     To  erect  a  j  '»r  the  pur- 

pose cost*  about  •  •;.'•  men  hire 

the  use  of  . 

I  have  already  specified  the  materials  required 
.•erbread  nuts,   t: 

i>e  added,  ;n 
<;«. ;   baiz<  , 

3</.,  and  baking. tins,  1«. 


In  all  about  21s.  To  begin  in  a  small  way  ir 
the  "  almond"  line,  buying  the  nuts  ready  made, 
requires  as  capital :  tray,  2s. ;  leather  strap,  6d. ; 
baize,  Is.  ;  stock-money,  Is.  6d. — in  all  5s.  The 
sale  is  prosecuted  through  the  year,  but  hot 
weather  is  unfavourable  to  it,  as  the  nuts  then 
turn  soft. 

Calculating  that  150  of  these  street-dealers 
take  17s.  each  weekly  (clearing  9s.),  we  find 
6,630J.  spent  yearly  iu  "spice"  nuts  in  the 
streets  of  London. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  HOT-CROSS 

BUNS,  AND  OF  CHELSEA  BUNS. 
PERHAPS  no  cry — though  it  is  only  for  one 
morning — is  more  familiar  to  the  ears  of  a 
Londoner,  than  that  of  "  One-a-penny,  two-a- 
penny,  hot-cross  buns,"  on  Good  Friday.  The 
sale  is  unknown  in  the  Irish  capital ;  for  among 
Roman  Catholics,  Good  Friday,  I  need  hardly 
say,  is  a  strict  fast,  and  the  eggs  in  the  buns 
prevent  their  being  used.  One  London  gentle- 
man, who  spoke  of  fifty  years  ago,  told  me 
that  the  street- bun-sellers  used  to  have  a  not 
unpleasing  distich.  On  reflection,  however, 
my  informant  could  not  be  certain  whether  he 
had  heard  this  distich  cried,  or  had  remem- 
bered hearing  the  elders  of  his  family  speak  of 
it  as  having  been  cried,  or  how  it  was  impressed 
upon  his  memory.  It  seems  hardly  in  accord- 
ance with  the  usual  style  of  street  poetry  : — 

"  One-a-penny,  two-a-penny,  hot-cross  buns  ! 
If  your  daughters  will  not  eat  them,  give  them  to 

your  sons. 

But  if  you  hav'n't  any  of  those  pretty  little  elves, 
You  cannot  then  do  better  than  eat  them  all  your- 
selves." 

A  tradesman  who  had  resided  more  than 
fifty  years  in  the  Borough  had,  in  his  boyhood, 
heard,  but  not  often,  this  ridiculous  cry  : — 

"  One-a-penny,  poker;  two  a-penny,  tongs  ! 
One-a-penny;  two-a-penny,  hot-cross  'mns." 

The  sellers  of  the  Good  Friday  buns  are 
principally  boys,  and  they  are  of  mixed  classes 
— costers'  boys,  boys  habitually  and  hoys  occa- 
sionally street-sellers,  and  hoys  street -si  Hers  lor 
that  occasion  only.  One  great  inducement  to 
embark  in  the  trade  is  the  hope  of  raising  a 
little  money  tor  the  Greenwich  ''air  of  the  fol- 
lowing Mondav. 

I  am  informed  that  500  persons  are  employed 

•  'I  Friday  in  the  streets  of  London  in  the 

sale  of  hot-cross   buns,     each    itinerant    selling 

upon    the  day's    average  six   do/en    halfpenny, 

and  w\-  cnny  huns.  for   which  lie  will 

.  till,  (his  piofits  being  ;{,/.  in  the  shilling 

or  3s.  !$«/.).      One  person  informed  me  that  last 

\   he  had   sold   during   the  d. 
dotfln  penny  huns.  tor  which  he  received  50*. 

The   hun-selling  itinerants   derive   their  sup- 

,'rincipally    from    the    wholesale    : 
cooks,    and,  in   a  leu  degree,   from   the  small 
bakers  .     who    work    n,< 

"  the  trade"  than   themselves.      Tin 
cross  bun  trade  is  less  tli.ni  :(  "as  scv<  n  > 


214 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


years  ago,  as  the  bakers  have  entered  into  it 
more  freely,  and  send  round  for  orders  :  so  that 
the  itinerants  complain  that  they  have  lost  many 
a  good  customer.  One  informant(a  master  pastry- 
cook, who  had  been  in  the  business  nearly  fifty 
years)  said  to  me :  "  Times  are  sadly  altered  to 
what  they  were  when  I  was  a  boy.  Why  I  have 
known  my  master  to  bake  five  sacks  of  flour  in 
nothing  but  hot-cross  buns,  and  that  is  sufficient 
for  20,000  buns"  (one  sack  of  flour  being  used 
for  4,000  buns,  or  500  Ibs.  of  raw  material  to 
the  same  quantity  of  buns).  The  itinerants 
oilrry  their  baskets  slung  on  their  arm,  or  borne 
upon  the  head.  A  flannel  or  green  baize  is 
placed  at  the  bottom  of  the  basket  and  brought 
over  the  buns,  after  which  a  white  cloth  is  spread 
over  the  top  of  the  baize,  to  give  it  a  clean  ap- 
pearance. 

A  vendor  of  "  hot-cross  buns  "  has  to  provide 
himself  with  a  basket,  a  flannel  (to  keep  the 
buns  warm),  and  a  cloth,  to  give  a  clean  appear- 
ance to  his  commodities.  These  articles,  if 
bought  for  the  purpose,  cost — basket,  2s.  6d. ; 
flannel  and  cloth,  2*. ;  stock-money,  average,  5s. 
(largest  amount  15*.,  smallest  2s.  o'rf.);  or  about 
10*.  in  all. 

There  is  expended  in  one  day,  in  hot-cross 
buns  purchased  in  the  London  streets,  300/.,  and 
nearly  100,000  buns  thus  bought. 

The  Chelsea  buns  are  now  altogether  super- 
seded by  the  Bath  and  Alexander's  buns.  "  Peo- 
ple," the  street- sellers  say,  "  want  so  much  for 
their  money."  There  are  now  but  two  Chelsea 
bun-houses ;  the  one  at  Pimlico,  and  the  other 
at  Chelsea.  The  principal  times  Chelsea  buns 
were  sold  in  the  streets  was  Good  Friday, 
Easter,  and  Whitsuntide ;  and,  with  the  excep- 
tion of  Good  Friday,  the  great  sales  were  at 
Greenwich  Fair,  and  then  they  were  sold  with 
other  cakes  and  sweetmeats.  I  am  informed 
that  twenty  years  ago  there  was  one  man,  with  a 
rich  musical  voice,  who  sold  these  buns,  about 
Westminster  principally,  all  the  year  round ;  his 
cry — which  was  one  of  the  musical  ones — was, 
"  One  a  penny,  two  a  penny,  hot  Chelsea  buns ! 
Burning  hot !  smoking  hot !  r-r-r-reeking  hot ! 
hot  Chelsea  buns!" 

OF  MUFFIN  AND  CRUMPET-SELLING  IN 

THE  STREETS. 

THE  street- sellers  of  muffins  and  crumpets 
rank  among  the  old  street-tradesmen.  It  is 
difficult  to  estimate  their  numbers,  but  they 
were  computed  for  me  at  500,  during  the  winter 
months.  They  are  for  the  most  part  boys,  young 
men,  or  old  men,  and  some  of  them  infirm. 
There  are  a  few  girls  in  the  trade,  but  very  few 
women. 

The  ringing  of  the  muffin-man's  bell — at- 
tached to  which  the  pleasant  associations  are  not 
a  few — was  prohibited  by  a  recent  Act  of  Par- 
liament, but  the  prohibition  has  been  as  inope- 
rative as  that  which  forbad  the  use  of  a  drum 
to  the  costermonger,  for  the  muffin  bell  still 
tinkles  along  the  streets,  and  is  rung  vigorously 
in  the  suburbs.  The  sellers  of  muffins  and 


crumpets  are  a  mixed  class,  but  I  am  tol.l  that 
more  of  them  are  the  children  of  bakers,  or 
worn-out  bakers,  than  can  be  said  of  any  other 
calling.  The  best  sale  is  in  the  suburbs.  "  As 
far  as  I  know,  sir,"  said  a  muffin-seller,  "it's 
the  best  Hackney  way,  and  Stoke  Newington, 
and  Dalston,  and  Balls  Pond,  and  Islington ; 
where  the  gents  that's  in  banks — the  steady 
coves  of  them— goes  home  to  their  teas,  and  the 
missuses  has  muffins  to  welcome  them  ;  that's 
my  opinion." 

I  did  not  hear  of  any  street-seller  who  made 
the  muffins  or  crumpets  he  vended.  Indeed,  he 
could  not  make  the  small  quantity  required,  so 
as  to  be  remunerative.  The  muffins  are  bought 
of  the  bakers,  and  at  prices  to  leave  a  profit 
of  4id.  in  Is.  Some  bakers  give  thirteen  to  the 
dozen  to  the  street- sellers  whom  they  know. 
The  muffin-man  carries  his  delicacies  in  a 
basket,  wherein  they  are  well  swathed  in 
flannel,  to  retain  the  heat :  "  People  likes  them 
warm,  sir,"  an  old  man  told  me,  "to  satisfy 
them  they're  fresh,  and  they  almost  always 
are  fresh  ;  but  it  can't  matter  so  much  about 
their  being  warm,  as  they  have  to  be  \- 
again.  I  only  wish  good  butter  was  a  sight 
cheaper,  and  that  would  make  the  mufii 
Butter's  half  the  battle."  The  basket  and 
flannels  cost  the  muffin-man  2s.  6d.  or  3s.  6d. 
His  bell  stands  him  in  from  4rf.  to  2*.,  "  accord- 
ing as  the  metal  is."  The  regular  price  of  good  . 
sized  muffins  from  the  street-sellers  is  a  half- 
penny each;  the  crumpets  are  four  a  penny 
Some  are  sold  cheaper,  but  these  are  generally 
smaller,  or  made  of  inferior  flour.  Most  of  the 
street-sellers  give  thirteen,  and  some  even  four- 
teen to  the  dozen,  especially  if  the  purchase  be 
made  early  in  the  day,  as  the  muffin-man  can 
then,  if  he  deem  it  prudent,  obtain  a  further 
supply. 

A  sharp  London  lad  of  fourteen,  whose  father 
had  been  a  journeyman  baker,  and  whose  mother 
(a  widow)  kept  a  small  chandler's  shop,  gave  me 
the  following  account : — 

"  1  turns  out  with  muffins  and  crumpets,  sir, 
in  October,  and  continues  until  it  gets  well  into 
the  spring,  according  to  the  weather.  I  carries 
a  fust- rate  article ;  werry  much  so.  If  you  was 
to  taste  'em,  sir,  you'd  say  the  same.  If  I  sells 
three  dozen  muffins  at  \d.  each,  and  twice  that 
in  crumpets,  it's  a  werry  fair  day,  werry  fair ;  alL 
beyond  that  is  a  good  day.  The  profit  on  the 
three  dozen  and  the  others  is  Is.,  but  that's  a 
great  help,  really  a  wonderful  help,  to  mother,  for 
I  should  be  only  mindin'  the  shop  at  home. 
Perhaps  I  clears  4s.  a  week,  perhaps  more,  per- 
haps less;  but  that's  about  it,  sir.  Some  does 
far  better  than  that,  and  some  can't  hold  a 
candle  to  it.  If  I  has  a  hextra  day' 
mother  '11  give  me  3d.  to  go  to  the  play,  and  that 
hencourages  a  young  man,  you  know,  sir.  If 
there's  any  unsold,  a  coffee-shop  gets  them 
cheap,  and  puts  'em  off  cheap  again  next  morn- 
ing. My  best  customers  is  genteel  houses,  'cause 
I  sells  a  genteel  thing.  I  likes  wet  day 
'cause  there's  werry  respectable  ladk 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


215 


keep  a  sen-ant,  snd  they  buys  to  save  them- 
selves going  out  We're  a  great  comvenience 
to  the  ladies,  sir— a  great  convenience  to  them 
as  likes  a  slap-up  tea.  I  have  made  Is.  8rf. 
in  a  day ;  that  was  my  best.  I  once  took 
only  2Jrf.— I  don't  know  why— that  was  my 
worst.  The  shops  don't  love  me — I  puts  their 
noses  out.  Sunday  is  no  better  day  than  others, 
or  werry  little.  I  can  read,  but  wish  I  could 
read  easier." 

Calculating  500  muffin-sellers,  each  clearing 
4*\  a  week,  we  find  300/.  a  week  expended  on 
the  metropolitan  street  sale  of  muffins ;  or,  in 
the  course  of  twenty  weeks,  2,000/.  Five  shil- 
lings, with  the  price  of  a  basket,  &c.,  which  is 
about  3s.  Qd.  more,  is  the  capital  required  for  a 
start. 

OF  THE  STREET  SALE  OF  SWEET-STUFF. 
IN  this  sale  there  are  now  engaged,  as  one  of 
the  most  intelligent  of  the  class  calculated, 
200  individuals,  exclusive  of  twenty  or  thirty 
Jew  boys.  The  majority  of  the  sellers  are  also 
the  manufacturers  of  the  articles  they  vend. 
They  have  all  been  brought  up  to  the  calling, 
their  parents  having  been  in  it,  or  having  been 
artizans  (more  especially  bakers)  who  have 
adopted  it  for  some  of  the  general  reasons  I 
have  before  assigned.  The  non-makers  buy  of 
the  cheap  confectioners. 

The  articles  now  vended  do  not  differ  mate- 
rially, I  am  informed  by  men  who  have  known 
the  street  trade  for  forty  years,  from  those 
which  were  in  demand  when  they  began  selling 
in  the  streets. 

ry  intelligent  man,  who  had  succeeded 
his    father   and    mother   in    the    "  sweet-stuff" 

-s — his  father's  drunkenness  having  kept 
them  in  continual  poverty — showed  me  his  ap- 
paratus, and  explained  his  mode  of  work.  His 
room,  which  was  on  the  second-floor  of  a  house 
in  a  busy  thoroughfare,  had  what  I  have  fre- 
quentl  a  the  abodes  of  the  working 

classes — the  decency  of  a  turn-up  bedstead.  It 
was  a  large  apzrtment,  the  rent  being  .'i.v.  6<I.  a 

unfurnished.    The  room  was  cheerful  with 

of  which  tli 

.My  fine   thrush  was  hopping  in   I 
wicker    cape,     while    linnets     and     bullfinehes 
•bowed   their  quick    bright    eyes    from 
cages  on  all  hides.     These  were   not  k< 
tale    but    for    amusement,    their    own.-r     bi-iii^ 
seldom  able 

mother  of  this  man  cleared,  twcn' 
although  at    that  time  sugar   was  (></'.    or   '/•/. 
.'!/.  a  week  by  ih;  sale 
Of   sweet-still!';     half    by    kre/ng    a    M;J 
half  by  supplying  small  shops  or 
keepers.     My  present  ii 
has— not  the  best — but  one  of  the  be  • 
nettes  cs  Uh.  or  2<3«.  a  week 

i 
durmp  the  summer  moi 

sweet- 
I  average  profits  • 

ado  do  not    perhaps   cxi-ccd    l(h 


12*.  a  week,  take  the  year  round.     They  reside 
in  all  parts. 

Treacle  and  sugar  are  the  ground- work  of  the 
manufacture  of  all  kinds  cf  sweet-stuff.  "  Hard- 
bake," "  almond  toffy,"  "  halfpenny  lollipops," 
"black  balls,"  the  cheaper  "bulls  eyes,"  and 
"squibs"  are  all  made  of  treacle.  One  in- 
formant  sold  more  of  treacle  rock  than  of  any- 
thing else,  as  it  was  dispensed  in  larger  hall- 
pennyworths,  and  no  one  else  made  it  in  the 
same  way.  Of  peppermint  rock  and  sticks  he 
made  a  good  quantity.  Half-a-crown's  worth, 
as  retailed  in  the  streets,  requires  4  Ibs.  of  rough 
raw  sugar  at  4|rf.  per  lb.,  l±d.  for  scent  (essence 
of  peppermint),  l±d.  for  firing,  and  \d.  for 
paper — in  all  Is.  SJrf.  calculating  nothing  for 
the  labour  and  time  expended  in  boiling  and 
making  it.  The  profit  on  the  other  things  was 
proportionate,  except  on  almond  rock,  which 
does  not  leave  2|rf.  in  a  shilling — almonds 
being  dear.  Brandy  balls  are  made  of  sugar, 
water,  peppermint,  and  a  little  cinnamon.  Kose 
acid,  which  is  a  "  transparent"  sweet,  is  com- 
posed of  loaf  sugar  at  6$d.  per  lb.,  coloured 
with  cochineal.  The  articles  sold  in  "sticks" 
are  pulled  into  form  along  a  hook  until  they 
present  the  whitish,  or  speckled  colour  desired. 
A  quarter  of  a  stone  of  materials  will,  for 
instance,  be  boiled  for  forty  minutes,  and  then 
pulled  a  quarter  of  an  hour,  until  it  is  suffi- 
ciently crisp  and  will  "set"  without  waste.  The 
flavouring— or  "scent"  as  I  heard  it  called  in 
the  trade— now  most  in  demand  is  peppermint. 
Gibraltar  rock  and  Wellington  pillars  used  to 
be  flavoured  with  ginger,  but  these  "sweeties" 
are  exploded. 

Dr.  Pereria,  in  his  "  Treatise  on  Diet,"  enu- 
merates as  many  as  ten  different  varieties  and 
preparations  of  sugar  used  for  dietetical  pur- 
poses. These  are  (1)  purified  or  refined  sugar; 
(2)  brown  or  raw  sugar;  (3)  molasses  or  treacle 
— or  fluid  sugar;  (4)  aqueous  solutions  of  su- 
gar— or  syrups;  (5)  boiled  sugars,  or  the  softer 
kinds  of  confectionary ;  (6)  sugar -candy,  or 
crystallized  cane  sugar  ;  (7)  burnt  sugar,  or 
caramel  ;  (8)  hard  confectionary;  (9)  liquorice; 
(10)  j>:  I  lie  fifth  and  eighth  varieties 

alone  concern  ns  here. 

Of  the  several   preparations  of  boiled 
the  Doctor  thus   speaks,     "  If    a  small    quan- 
tity  of  water    be   added    to    sugar,  the   mixture 
heated  until  the  sugar  dissolves,  and  the  solu- 
tiitn    boiled    to    drive    oil'   part    of    the 

y    of    the     sugar    to    crystal  • 
aiim:.ishcd,  or,  in  some  eases,  totally  dcs: 

•note   this  i  .  times 

add   a  small    portion  of  en-am  of  tartar   to   the 
solution  while  boiling.      Sugar,  thus  altered    by 
:ietiiiies   variously    flavoured,   con- 
stitutes M-v<-ral  |>re|.arations  sold  by  the  • 

nr  and  ii,iilnl<i.',,l  ,;',npt  are 
••in  while  s:igar  :  po\\- 
ng  added  : 

while    soft.       Hnr,U,nl;,'   and    / 
a    si  in; 

.     ;  'Utter. 


216 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  ornamented  sugar  pieces,  or  caramel-tops, 
with  which  pastrycooks  decorate  their  tarts, 
&c.,  are  prepared  in  the  same  way.  If  the 
boiled  and  yet  soft  sugar  be  rapidly  and  re- 
peatedly extended,  and  pulled  over  a  hook,  it 
becomes  opaque  and  white,  and  then  constitutes 
pulled  sugar,  or  penides.  Pulled  sugar,  variously 
flavoured  and  coloured,  is  sold  in  several  forms 
by  the  preparers  of  hard  confectionary. 

"  Concerning  this  hard  confectionary,"  Dr. 
Pereira  says,  "sugar  constitutes  the  base  of  an 
almost  innumerable  variety  of  hard  confection- 
ary, sold  under  the  names  of  lozenges,  bril- 
liants, pipe,  rock,  comfits,  nonpareils,  &c.  Besides 
sugar,  these  preparations  contain  some  flavour- 
ing ingredient,  as  well  as  flour  or  gum,  to  give 
them  cohesiveness,  and  frequently  colouring 
matter.  Carraway,  fruits,  almonds,  and  pine 
seeds,  constitute  the  nuclei  of  some  of  these 
preparations." 

One  of  the  appliances  of  the  street  sweet- 
stuff  trade  which  I  saw  in  the  room  of  the 
seller  before  mentioned  was — Acts  of  Parlia- 
ment. A  pile  of  these,  a  foot  or  more  deep,  lay 
on  a  shelf.  They  are  used  to  wrap  up  the  rock, 
&c.,  sold.  The  sweet-stuff  maker  (I  never  heard 
them  called  confectioners)  bought  his  "  paper" 
of  the  stationers,  or  at  the  old  book- shops. 
Sometimes,  he  said,  he  got  works  in  this  way 
in  sheets  which  had  never  been  cut  (some  he 
feared  were  stolen,)  and  which  he  retained  to  read 
at  his  short  intervals  of  leisure,  and  then  used 
to  wrap  his  goods  in.  In  this  way  he  had  read 
through  two  Histories  of  England  !  He  main 
tained  a  wife,  two  young  children,  and  a  young 
sister,  who  could  attend  to  the  stall ;  his  wife 
assisted  him  in  his  manufactures.  He  used 
1  cwt.  of  sugar  a  week  on  the  year's  average, 
£  cwt.  of  treacle,  and  5  oz.  of  scents,  each  8d. 
an  oz. 

The  man  who  has  the  best  trade  in  London 
streets,  is  one  who,  about  two  years  ago,  intro- 
duced— after  much  study,  I  was  told — short 
sentences  into  his  "  sticks."  He  boasts  of  his 
secret.  When  snapped  asunder,  in  any  part, 
the  stick  presents  a  sort  of  coloured  inscription. 
The  four  I  saw  were :  "  Do  you  love  me  ?"  The 
next  was  of  less  touching  character,  "  Do  you 
love  sprats?"  The  others  were,  "Lord  Mayor's 
Day,"  and  "  Sir  Robert  Peel."  This  man's 
profits  are  twice  those  of  my  respectable  infor- 
mant's. 

OF   THE  CUSTOMERS   OF   THE   SWEET-STUFF 

STREET-SELLERS. 

ANOTHER  sweet-stuff  man,  originally  a  baker, 
but  who,  for  a  fortnight  before  I  saw  him,  had 
been  attending  upon  an  old  gentleman,  disabled 
from  an  accident,  gave  me  the  following  ac- 
count of  his  customers.  What  I  heard  from 
the  other  street-sellers  satisfies  me  of  the  cor- 
rectness of  the  statement.  It  will  be  seen  that 
he  was  possesed  of  some  humour  and  observa- 
tion : 

"  Boys  and  girls  are  my  best  customers,  sir, 
and  mostly  the  smallest  of  them ;  but  then, 


again,  some  of  them's  fifty,  aye,  turned  fifty  > 
Lor'  love  you.  An  old  fellow,  that  hasn't  a 
stump  of  a  tooth  in  front,  why,  he  'II  stop  and 
buy  a  ha'porth  of  hard-bake,  and  he'll  say, 
'  I've  a  deal  of  the  boy  left  about  me  still.' 
He  doesn't  show  it,  anyhow,  in  his  look.  I'm 
sometimes  a  thinking  I'  11  introduce  a  softer 
sort  of  toffy — boiled  treacle,  such  as  they  call 
Tom  Trot  in  some  parts,  but  it's  out  of  fashion 
now,  just  for  old  people  that's  '  boys  still.'  I* 
was  rolled  in  a  ha'penny  stick,  sir,  and  sold 
stunnin'.  The  old  ones  wants  something  to  suck, 
and  not  to  chew.  Why,  when  I  was  a  lad  at 
school,  there  was  Jews  used  to  go  about  with 
boxes  on  their  backs,  offering  rings  and  pencil- 
cases,  and  lots  of  things  that's  no  real  use  to 
nobody,  and  they  told  everybody  they  asked  to 
buy  'that  they  sold  everything,  and  us  boys 
used  to  say—'  Then  give 's  a  ha'porth  of  boiled 
treacle.'  It  was  a  regular  joke.  I  wish  I'd 
stuck  more  to  my  book  then,  but  what  can't 
be  cured  must  be  endured,  you  know.  Now, 
those  poor  things  that  walks  down  there " 
(intimating,  by  a  motion  of  the  head,  a 
thoroughfare  frequented  by  girls  of  the  town), 
"  they're  often  customers,  but  not  near  so 
good  as  they  was  ten  year  ago ;  no,  indeed,  not 
six  or  eight  year.  They  like  something  that 
bites  in  the  mouth,  such  as  peppermint-rock,  or 
ginger-drops.  They  used  to  buy  a  penn'orth  or 
two  and  oiler  it  to  people,  but  they  don't  now,  I 
think.  I've  trusted  them  ha'pennies  and  pennies, 
sometimes.  They  always  paid  me.  Some  that 
held  their  heads  high  like,  might  say :  '  I 
really  have  no  change  ;  I'll  pay  you  to-morrow.' 
She  hadn't  no  change,  poor  lass,  sure  enough, 
and  she  hadn't  nothing  to  change  either,  I'll  go 
hail.  I've  known  women,  that  seemed  working 
men's  or  little  shopkeeper's  wives,  buy  of  me 
and  ask  which  of  my  stuffs  took  greatest  hold* 
of  the  breath.  I  always  knew  what  they  was 
up  to.  They'd  been  having  a  drop,  and  didn't 
want  it  to  be  detected.  Why,  it  was  only  last 
Saturday  week  two  niceish-looking  and  niceish- 
dressed  women,  comes  up  to  me,  and  one  was 
going  to  buy  peppermint-rock,  and  the  other 
says  to  her:  '  Don't,  you  fool,  he'll  only  think 
you've  been  drinking  gin-and-peppermint. 
Coffee  takes  it  off  best'  So  I  lost  my  custom- 
ers. They  hadn't  had  a  single  drain  that  night, 
I'll  go  bail,  but  still  they  didn't  look  like  regular 
lushingtons  at  all.  I  make  farthing's-worths 
of  sweet-stuff,  for  children,  but  I  don't  like 
it;  it's  an  injury  to  trade.  I  was  afraid  that 
when  half- farthings  was  coined,  they'd  come 
among  children,  and  they'd  want  half  a  farthing 
of  brandy-balls.  Now,  talking  of  brandy-balls, 
there's  a  gentleman  that  sometimes  has  a  mi- 
nute's chat  with  me,  as  he  buys  a  penn'orth  to 
take  home  to  his  children — (every  reasonable 
man  ought  to  marry  and  have  children  for  the 
sake  of  the  sweet-trade,  but  it  ain't  the  women's 
fault  that  many's  single  still) — when  one  gen- 
tleman I  knows  buys  brandy-balls,  he  says, 
quite  grave,  '  What  kind  o'  brandy  no  you  jmt 
in  them?'  '  Not  a  drop  of  British,'  s»ys  !,  'I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


217 


can  assure  you  ;  not  a  single  drop.'  He's  not 
finely  dressed  ;  indeed,  he's  a  leetle  seedy,  but 
I  know  he's  a  gentleman,  or  what's  the  same 
thing,  if  he  ain't  rich  ;  for  a  common  fellow  '11 
never  have  his  boots  polished  that  way,  every 
day  of  his  life ;  his  blacking  bills  must  come 
heavy  at  Christmas.  I  can  tell  a  gentleman, 
too,  by  his  way  of  talk,  'cause  he's  never  bump- 
tious. It's  the  working  people's  children  that's 
my  great  support,  and  they  was  a  better  support, 
by  2s.  in  every  10s.,  and  more,  when  times  was 
better;  and  next  to  them  among  my  patrons 
is  poor  people.  Perhaps,  this  last  year,  I've 
cleared  lls.  a  week,  not  more,  all  through.  I 
make  my  own  stuffs,  except  the  drops,  and  they 
require  machinery.  I  would  get  out  cf  the 
streets  if  I  could." 

Another  of  these  traders  told  me,  that  he 
took  more  in  farthings,  than  in  halfpennies  or 
pennies. 

Calculating  200  sweet  -stuff  sellers,  each 
clearing  10s.  weekly,  the  outlay  in  rocks,  can- 
dies, hard-bakes,  &c.,  in  the  streets  is  S,200/. 
yearly,  or  nearly  two  and  a  half  millions  of 
halfpenny-worvns. 

To  start  in  the  sweet-stuff  business  requires 
a  capital  of  35s.,  including  a  saucepan  in  which 
to  boil  sugar,  2s.  ;  weights  and  scales,  4s.  ; 
stock-money  (average),  4s. ;  and  barrow,  25s. 
If  the  seller  be  not  his  own  manufacturer,  then 
a  tray,  1*.  9d. ;  and  stock-money,  Is.  6d. ;  or 
3s.  3d.  in  all  will  be  sufficient 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  COUGH  DROPS 
AND  OF  MEDICAL  CONFECTIONARY. 

MR.  STRUTT,  in  his  "Sports  and  Pastimes  of 
the  People  of  England"  (1800),  says  of  the 
Mountebank:  "It  is  uncertain  at  what  period 
this  vagrant  dealer  in  physic  made  his  appear- 
ance in  England ;  it  is  clear,  however,  that  he 
:  away  with  much  success  in  this  country 

during  the   last  two   centuries The 

mountebanks  usually   preface   the   vending  of 
their  medicines  with  pompous  or.itions,  in  which 
they  pay  as  little  regard  to  truth    as  to  pro- 
I   am  informed  by  a  gentleman   ob- 
tt-r,  that  within  his  knov.K  dtfr, 
which   extends   to   the   commencement  of  the 
present  century,  no  mountebank  (proper)  had 
i reels  of  London  proclaiming 
the  virtues  of  his  .   neither  with  nor 

i  iie  last  seen  by  my  in- 
formant, perhaps  the  latest  mountebank  i: 
land,  was  ah  the  vicinity 

He  wa--  mgh  drops" 

and  inf.illible  cures  for  asthma,  and  was  dressed 

roidered  coat,  wr 

fles  at  his  wrist,  a  sword  to  liis  side,  and  was  a 
repre*.  shabby  genteel, 

nan  of  the  reign  of  Queen  Anne, 
bank's  most  legitimate  successor  in  the 
ftreet  cajolery  of  London,  as  regards  his  "  ora- 
I'atterer,"  as  I  shall  show  in 
i>e  street  trade  in  stv 
successor  in   the   vending  of 
-  '•  confectioneries  and  (in  a  small  degree) 


of  nostrums,  salves,  ointments,  &c.,  are  the 
sellers  of  "cough  drops"  and  "  horehound 
candy,"  and  of  the  corn  salves,  and  cures  for 
bruises,  sprains,  burns,  &c.,  &c.,  &c. 

The  street-traders  in  cough  drops  and  their 
accompaniments,  however,  do  not  now  exceed 
six,  and  of  them  only  two — who  are  near  relatives 
— manufacture  their  own  stock-in-trade.  I  here 
treat  of  the  street  trade  in  "  cough  drops,"  as  a 
branch  of  the  itinerant  sweet-stuff  trade.  The 
"mountebank"  part  of  the  business — that  is  to 
say,  "  the  prefacing  the  vending  of  the  medicines 
with  pompous  orations,"  I  shall  reserve  till  its 
proper  place — viz.  the  "pattering"  part  of  the 
street  trade,  of  which  an  account  will  be  given 
in  the  next  Chapter. 

The  two  principal  vendors  of  cough  drops 
wheel  their  stalls,  which  are  fixed  upon  barrows, 
to  different  parts  of  town,  but  one  principal 
stand  is  in  Holborn.  On  their  boards  are  dis- 
played the  cough  cures,  both  in  the  form  of 
"  sticks"  and  "  drops,"  and  a  model  of  a  small 
distillery.  The  portion  inclosing  the  still  is 
painted  to  resemble  brick-work,  and  a  tin  tube, 
or  worm,  appears  to  carry  the  distillation  to  a 
receiver.  Horehound,  colts-foot,  and  some 
other  herbs  lie  in  a  dried  state  on  the  stall,  but 
principally  horehound,  to  which  popular  (street) 
opinion  seems  to  attach  the  most  and  the  greatest 
virtues.  There  are  also  on  the  stalls  a  few  bottles, 
tied  up  in  the  way  they  are  dispensed  from  a 
regular  practitioner,  while  the  cough  drops  are 
in  the  form  of  sticks  (Jrf.  each),  also  neatly 
wrapped  in  paper.  The  cry  is  both  expressive 
and  simply  descriptive — "  Long  life  candy  ! 
Can.iy  from  herbs  1 " 

From  the  most  experienced  person  in  this 
curious  trade,  I  had  the  following  statement. 
He  entertained  a  full  assurance,  as  far  as  I 
could  perceive,  of  the  excellence  of  his  reme- 
.(1  of  the  high  art  and  mystery  of  his 
calling.  In  persons  of  his  class,  professing  to 
heal,  no  matter  in  what  capacity,  or  what  may 
be  the  disease,  this  is  an  important  element  of 
success.  My  informant,  whether  answering  my 
questions  or  speaking  of  his  own  accord,  always 
took  time  to  consider,  and  sometimes,  as  will  be 
seen,  declined  replying  to  my  intmirics.  From 
him  I  received  the  following  account;  — 

"The  cough  drop  and  hub  trade  is  nothing 
now  to  what  it  was  long  ago.  Thirty  or  forty 
years  ago,  it  was  as  good  as  31.  or  4/.  a  w.  ek  to 
a  person,  and  was  carried  <>u  by  respectable  m<  n. 

in    the    re- 

|  part  of  the  trade.  NY  hat's  done  by 
those  who  are  i^nrrant,  and  not  respectable,  is 
nothing  to  me.  !  don't  know  how  main 

Miirty  or  forty  years  ago;   but 
I  know  that,  ten  «r  since,  I  suppl"  d 

seven  persons  who  sold  cough  drops,  .-md  MH  h 
like,  in  :  .Mid  now  1  supph 

ai.d  another.     I  sell  only  lour 
the  year — «»»•  cold  mouths,  in  course ;  : 
the  summer,  ibj.  .-t  t<>  coughs 

and  colds.      I  original*   maker  of  my 

goods.     I  will  cure  any  fluid  of  the  ho< 


218 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


cough,  and  very  speedily.  I  defy  any  medical 
man  to  dispute  it,  and  I'll  do  it — '  no  cure,  no 
pay.'  I  never  profess  to  cure  asthma.  Nobody 
but  a  gravedigger  can  put  an  end  to  that  there  ; 
but  I  can  relieve  it.  It's  the  same  with  con- 
sumption ;  it  may  be  relieved,  but  the  grave- 
digger  is  the  only  man  as  can  put  a  stop  to  it. 
Many  have  tried  to  do  it,  but  they've  all  failed. 
I  sell  to  very  respectable  people,  and  to  educated 
people,  too ;  and,  what's  more,  a  good  deal  (of 
cough  drops)  to  medical  men.  In  course,  they 
can  analyse  it,  if  they  please.  They  can  taste 
the  bitter,  and  judge  for  themselves,  just  as  they 
can  taste  wine  in  the  Docks.  Perhaps  the  wives 
of  mechanics  are  among  my  best  customers. 
They  are  the  most  numerous,  but  they  buy  only 
ha'porths  and  penn'orths.  Very  likely,  they 
would  think  more  of  the  remedy  if  they  had  to 
pay  13id.  for  it,  instead  of  the  \\d.  The  Govern- 
ment stamp  makes  many  a  stuff  sell.  Oh !  I 
know  nothing  about  quackery  :  you  must  inquire 
at  the  Stamp-office,  if  you  want  to  know  about 
them  kind  of  medicines.  They're  the  people 
that  help  to  sell  them.  Respectable  people  will 
pay  me  Is.  or  2s.  at  a  time  ;  and  those  who  buy 
once,  buy  again.  I'm  sent  to  from  as  far  off 
as  Woolwich.  I'll  undertake  to  cure,  or  afford 
relief,  in  coughs,  colds,  or  wind  in  the  chest,'  or 
forfeit  Is.  I  can  dispel  wind  in  two  minutes.  I 
sell  bottles,  too,  for  those  cures  (as  well  as  the 
candy  from  herbs) :  I  manufacture  them  mysel£ 
They're  decoctions  of  herbs,  and  the  way  to  pre- 
pare them  is  my  secret.  I  sell  them  at  from  'Id. 
to  Is.  Why,  I  use  one  article  that  costs  24s.  a 
pound,  foreign,  and  twice  that  English.  I've 
sold  hundred  weights.  The  decoctions  are  my 
secret.  I  will  instruct  any  person — and  have 
instructed  a  good  many — when  I'm  paid  for  it. 
In  course,  it  would  never  do  to  publish  it  i.i 
your  work,  for  thousands  would  then  learn  it  for 
Id.  My  secret  was  never  given  to  any  person — 
only  with  what  you  may  call  a  fee — except  one, 
and  only  to  him  when  he  got  married,  and 
started  in  the  line.  He's  a  connection  of  mine. 
All  we  sell  is  genuine. 

"  I  sell  herbs,  too,  but  it's  not  a  street  sale :  I 
supply  them  to  orders  from  my  connection.  It's 
not'a  large  trade.  I  sell  horehound,  for  tea  or 
decoctions ;  coltsfoot,  for  smoking  as  herb  to- 
bacco (I  gather  the  coltsfoot  myself,  but  buy  the 
horehound  of  a  shopkeeper,  as  it's  cultivated); 
ground-ivy  is  sold  only  for  the  blood  (but  little 
of  it);  hyssop  for  wind;  and  Irish  moss  for 
consumption.  I'm  never  asked  for  anything 

improper.  They  won't  ask  me  for or . 

And  I'm  never  asked  for  washes  or  cosmetics ; 
but  a  few  nettles  are  ordered  of  me  for  com- 
plexions. 

"Well,  sir,  I'd  rather  not  state  the  quantities 
I  sell,  or  my  profits,  or  prices.  I  make  what 
keeps  myself,  my  wife,  and  seven  children,  and 
that's  all  I  need  say  about  it.  I'd  rather  say  no 
more  on  that  part  of  the  business :  and  so,  I'm 
sure  you  won't  press  me.  I  don't  know  what 
others  in  the  trade  make.  They  buy  of  confec- 
tioners, and  are  only  imitators  of  me.  They  buy 


coltsfoot- candy,  and  such  like  ;  how  it's  made 
so  cheap,  I  don't  know.  In  the  summer,  I  give 
up  cough-drop  selling,  and  tike  to  gold  fislu" 

I  am  told  that  the  cough-drop-makery,  who 
are  also  street-sellers,  prepare  their  sticks,  &c., 
much  in  the  same  method  as  the  manufacturers 
of  the  ordinary  sweet-stuff  (which  I  have  de- 
scribed), using  the  decoction,  generally  of  hore- 
hound or  coltsfoot,  as  the  "scents"  are  used. 
In  the  old  times,  it  would  appear  that  the  pre- 
paration  of  a  medicinal  confection  was  a  much 
more  elaborate  matter,  if  we  may  judge  by  the 
following  extract  from  an  obsolete  medical  work 
treating  of  the  matter.  The  author  styles  such 
preparations  "  lohochs,"  which  is  an  Arabic 
word,  he  says,  and  signifies  "a  thing  to  be 
licked."  It  would  appear  that  the  lohoch  was 
not  so  hard  as  the  present  cough-drop.  The 
following  is  one  of  the  receipts,  "  used  generally 
against  diseases  in  the  breast  and  lungs  :" — 

"Lohoch  de  farfara,"  the  Lohoch  of  Coltsfoot. 
Take  of  coltsfoot  roots  cieanscd  8  ozs., marsh-mallow 
roots  4  ozs.,  boil  them  in  a  sufficient  quantity  of  water, 
and  press  the  pulp  through  a  sieve,  dissolve  it  again 
in  the  decoction,  and  let  it  boil  once  or  twice;  then 
take  it  from  the  fire,  and  add  2  Ibs.  of  white 
honey  of  raisins  14  ozs.,  juice  of  liquorice  2$  drams, 
stir  them  well  with  a  wooden  pestle,  sprinklir 
saffron  and  cloves  in  powder,  of  each  1  scruple,  cinna- 
mon and  mace,  of  each  2  scruples ;  make  them  into 
a  lohoch  according  to  art.    It  is  good  for  a  cough  and 
roughness  of  the  windpipe. 

Without  wishing  to  infringe  upon  professional 
secrets,  I  may  mention  that  the  earnings  of  the 
principal  man  in  the  trade  may  be  taken  at  30s. 
a  week  for  20  weeks ;  that  of  another  at  15s.  for 
the  same  period ;  and  those  of  the  remaining  four 
at  5s.  each,  weekly ;  but  the  latter  sell  acid 
drops,  and  other  things  bought  of  the  chemists. 
Allowing  the  usual  cent  per  cent,  we  then  find 
ISO/,  expended  by  street-buyers  on  cough-drops. 

The  best  cough-drop  stall  seen  in  the  streets 
is  a  kind  of  barrow,  which  can  be  shut  up  like  a 
piano :  it  cost  3/.  10s.  complete  with  the  dis- 
tilling apparatus  before  described.  Scales  and 
weights  cost  5s.,  and  the  stock-money  for  the 
supply  of  such  a  stall  need  not  exceed  10s. ;  or, 
in  all,  about  4/.  10s.  For  an  ordinary  trade — 
ready-made  articles  forming  the  stock  —  the 
capital  would  be,  stall  and  trestle,  7s. ;  scales 
and  weights  (which  are  not  always  used), 
3s.  Gd.,  and  stock-money,  2s.  6d. ;  in  all,  13s 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  ICES  AND  OF 

ICE  CREAMS. 

I  HAVE  already  treated  of  the  street  luxury  ot 
pine-apples,  and  have  now  to  deal  with  the 
greater  street  rarity  of  ice-creams. 

A  quick-witted  street-seller — but  not  in  the 
"provision"    line — conversing  with   me    upon 
this  subject,  said:    "  Ices  in  the  streets  ! 
and  there  '11  be  jellies   next,  and   then  mock 
turtle,  and   then  the  real   ticket,  sir.     I  don't 
know  nothing  of  the  difference  between  the  re  il 
thing  and  the  mock,  but  I  once  had  some  •. 
mock  in    an    eating-house,  and    it   taste 
stewed  tripe  with  a  little  glue.     You'l: 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


219 


your  eyes  open,  sir,  at  the  Great  Exhibition  ; 
and  you'll  see  a  new  move  or  two  in  the  streets, 
take  my  word  for  it.     Penny  glasses  of  chain 
pagne,  I  shouldn't  wonder." 

Notwithstanding  the   sanguine   anticipations 
of  my  street   friend,  the    sale  of  ices   in  the 
streets  has  not  been  such  as  to  offer  ai;\ 
encouragement  to  a  perseverance  in  the  traffic. 

The  sale  of  ice-creams  was  unknown  in  the 
streets  until  last  summer,  and  was  first  intro- 
duced, as  a  matter  of  speculation,  by  a  man  who 
was  acquainted  with  the  confectionary  business, 
and  who  purchased  his  ices  of  a  confectioner  in 
Holborn.      He  resold  these  luxuries  daily    to 
street-sellers,  sometimes  to  twenty  of  them,  but 
more  frequently  to  twelve.     The  sale,  however, 
was   not   remunerative,   and    had    it    not   been 
generally    united   with   other   things,    such   as 
:  -beer,  could  not  have  been  carried  on  as 
a  means  of  subsistence.     The  supplier  of  the 
traders  sometimes  went  himself,  and  some- 
times sent  another  to  sell  ice-cream  in  Green- 
wich Park  on  fine  summer  days,  but  the  sale 
was  sometimes   insufficient  to  pay  his  railway 
expenses.     After  three  or  four  weeks'  trial,  this 
l>andoned  the  trade,  and  soon  afterwards 
a  ted  to  America. 

Not  many  weeks  subsequent  to  "  the  first 
start,"  I  was  informed,  the  trade  was  entered  into 
by  a  street-seller  in  Petticoat-lane,  who  had  be- 
come possessed,  it  was  said,  of  Masters' s  Freez- 
ing Apparatus.  He  did  not  vend  the  ices  himself 
for  more  than  two  or  three  weeks,  and  moreover 
confined  his  sale  to  Sunday  mornings ;  after  a 
•while  he  employed  himself  for  a  short  time 
in  making  ices  for  four  or  five  street- sellers, 
some  of  whom  looked  upon  the  preparation  as  a 
wonderful  discovery  of  his  own,  and  he  then 
discontinued  the  trade. 

There  were  many  difficulties  attending  the 
introduction  of  ices  into  street-traffic.  The 
buyers  had  but  a  confused  notion  how  the  ice 
was  to  be  swallowed.  The  trade,  therefore, 
spread  only  very  gradually,  but  some  of  the 
more  enterprising  sellers  purchased  stale  ices 
from  the  confectioners.  So  little,  however,  were 
the  street-people  skilled  in  the  trade,  that  a 
confectioner  told  me  they  sometimes  offered 
ice  to  their  customers  in  the  streets,  and  could 
supply  only  water !  Ices  were  sold  by  the 
street-renders  generally  at  \d.  each,  and  the 
.-ft  them  a  profit  of  \d.  in  ]s.,  when  they 
Wired  them  "  without  waste,"  and  MMIH-  of  the 

to  enhance  the  -\d.  int 

was    sometimes    what     is 

•pie  rate  known  in  the  streets  as  "  half- 
profits"  was  ran  ly  KttUlU  •!. 

:r.  a  street-dealer  I  lowing 

,d  very  well  the  first  time  as 
' 
Uke  greatly  in  the  streets,  1,  :,o  say- 

.    Uitcd   them    Ur    t! 


I  did  as  much  myself.  They  get  among  the 
teeth  and  make  you  feel  as  if  you  tooth-ached 
all  over.  I  sold  mostly  strawberry  ices.  I 
haven't  an  idee  how  they're  made,  but  it's  a 
most  wonderful  thing  in  summer  —  freezing 
fruits  in  that  way.  One  young  Irish  fellow — I 
think  from  his  look  and  cap  he  was  a  printer's 
or  stationer's  boy — he  bought  an  ice  of  me,  and 
when  he  had  scraped  it  all  together  with  the 
spoon,  he  made  a  pull  at  it  as  if  he  was  a  drink- 
ing beer.  In  course  it  was  all  among  his  teeth 
in  less  than  no  time,  and  he  stood  like  a  stattey 
for  a  instant,  and  then  he  roared  out, — '  Jasus  1 
I'm  kilt.  The  could  shivers  is  on  to  me ! '  But 
I  said,  '  O,  you're  all  right,  you  are;'  and  he 
says,  '  What  d'you  mane,  you  horrid  horn,»  by 
selling  such  stuff  as  that.  An'  you  must  have 
tiie  money  first ,  bad  scran  to  the  likes  o'  you ! ' 
"  The  persons  what  enjoyed  their  ices  most," 
the  man  went  on,  "  was,  I  think,  servant  maids 
that  gulped  them  on  the  sly.  Pr'aps  they'd  been 
used,  some  on  'em,  to  get  a  taste  of  ices  on  the 
sly  before,  in  their  services.  We  sees  a  many 
dodges  in  the  streets,  sir — a  many.  I  knew  one 
smart  servant  maid,  treated  to  an  ice  by  her 
young  man — they  seemed  as  if  they  was  keeping 
company — and  he  soon  was  stamping,  with  the 
ice  among  his  teeth,  but  she  knew  how  to  take 
hern,  put  the  spoon  right  into  the  middle  of  her 
mouth,  and  when  she'd  had  a  clean  swallow  she 
says:  '  O,  Joseph,  why  didn't  you  ask  me  to  tell 
you  how  to  eat  your  ice  ? '  The  conceit  of  sar- 
vant  gals  is  ridiculous.  Don't  you  think  so, 
sir?  But  it  goes  out  of  them  when  they  gets 
married  and  has  to  think  of  how  to  get  broth 
before  how  to  eat  ices.  One  hot  day,  about 
eleven,  a  thin  tall  gentleman,  not  very  yomui. 
threw  down  Id.  to  me,  and  says,  says  he,  '  As 
much  ice  as  you  can  make  for  that.'  He  knew 
how  to  take  it.  When  he'd  done,  he  says,  says 
he,  '  By  G— ,  my  good  feller,  you've  saved  my 
life.  I've  been  keeping  it  up  all  night,  and  I 
was  (lying  of  a  burnt-up  throat,  after  a  snooze, 
and  had  only  Id.  So  sick  and  hot  was  my 
stomach,  I  could  have  knelt  down  and  taken  a 
pull  at  the  Thames' — we  was  near  it  at  the 
time — 'You've  saved  my  life,  and  I'll  s. 

But  I've  never  scc'd  him  since.  Ho 
was  a  gentleman,  I  think.  He  was  in  black, 
and  wore  a  big  black  and  gold  ring — only  one. 

"  The  rest  of  my  customers  for  ices,  was  peo- 
ple  that  bought  out  of  c-uriosity,  and   tht 
iri'iitlemev.'s     servants     ;mi<ni  •  .    little 

fellows  some  ot  'em  ,   and    doctors1 

lies   as   was    young   and    seemed 
smart  isli     ;ort;     and     bO] 

schoolboys;  and    a    few  worn  n   «.f  the  town, — 
but  mine's  not  much  of  a  piteh  for  them." 

:iformation  I  nl>!.ii::i  ,!.  I  tr.  ;\-  state 

as  to  what  was  meant  l>y  i 

:iid    my    ii^ 

Inun."   Mi'tiifvinc  in  the    I 

M    sold   fruit  to  th« 

"bu  temper  \TM  riz,  and 

. 


220 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  1  OOR. 


that,  if  the  sale  of  street  ices  be  calculated  at 
twenty  persons  taking,  not  earning,  Is.  6d.  daily 
for  four  weeks,  it  is  as  near  the  mark  as  possible. 
This  gives  an  expenditure  of  42/.  in  street  ices, 
with  a  profit  to  the  vendors  of  from  10  to  25  per 
cent  I  am  told  that  an  unsuccessful  start  has 
characterised  other  street  trades  —  rhubarb  for 
instance,  both  in  the  streets  and  markets — which 
have  been  afterwards  successful  and  remune- 
rative. 

For  capital  in  the  ice  trade  a  small  sum  was 


necessary,  as  the  vendors  had  all  stalls  and  sold 
other  commodities,  except  the  "  original  street 
ice  man,"  who  was  not  a  regular  street  trader, 
but  a  speculator.  A  jar — in  which  the  ices 
were  neither  sufficiently  covered  nor  kept 
cooled,  though  it  was  often  placed  in  a  vessel 
or  "  cooler,"  containing  cold  water — cost  1*., 
three  cups,  3d.  (or  three  glasses,  I*.),  and 
three  spoons,  3d.,  with  2*.  stock-money ;  the 
total  is,  presuming  glasses  were  used,  4*.,  or, 
with  a  vessel  for  water,  5s. 


OF  THE  CAPITAL  AND  INCOME  OF  THE   STREET-SELLERS  OF  EATABLES 

AND  DRINKABLES. 


I  now  give  a  summary  of  the  Capital  and  Income 
of  the  street-sellers  of  eatables  and  drinkables. 
But,  first,  I  will  endeavour  to  arrive  at  an  esti- 
mate of  the  total  number  of  people  belonging  to 
the  class. 

The  street-sellers  engaged  rn  the  sale  of 
eatables  and  drinkables,  are,  summing  the  se- 
veral items  before  given,  altogether  6,347 :  of 
whom  300  sell  pea -soup  and  hot  eels;  150, 
pickled  whelks;  300,  fried  fish;  300,  sheeps 
trotters;  60, ham-sandwiches;  200, baked 'tatoes; 
4,  hot  green  peas;  150, meat;  25,  bread;  1,000, 
cat  and  dogs'  meat;  300,  coffee  and  tea;  1,700, 
ginger-beer,  lemonade,  sherbet,  &c. ;  50,  elder- 
wine  •  4,  peppermint-water ;  28.  milk ;  100, 
curds  Mid  whey  and  rice-milk;  60,  water ;  5;), 
pies;  6,  boiled  pudding;  6,  plum  "  dull'";  150, 
cakes  and  tarts  ;  4,  plum- cakes ;  30,  other  cheaper 
cakes;  150,  gingerbread-nuts;  500,  cross-buns; 
500,  muffins  and  crumpets;  200,  sweet  stuff; 
6,  cough-drops  ;  20,  ice-creams.  But  many  of  j 
the  above  are  only  temporary  trades.  The  street-  ' 
sale  of  hot  cross-buns,  for  instance,  lasts  only 
for  a  day ;  that  of  muffins  and  crumpets,  baked 
potatoes,  plum-"  duff,"  cough-drops,  elder- wine, 
and  rice-milk,  are  all  purely  winter  trades,  while 
the  sale  of  ginger-beer,  lemonade,  ice-creams, 
and  curds  and  whey,  is  carried  on  solely  in  the 
summer.  By  this  means  the  number  of  the 
street- sellers  of  eatables  and  drinkables,  never 
at  any  one  time  reaches  the  amount  before 
stated.  In  summer  there  are,  in  addition  to  the 
10,000  costers  before  mentioned,  about  3,000 
people,  and  in  winter  between  4,000  and  5,000, 
engaged  in  the  eatable  and  drinkable  branch  of 
the  street- traffic. 

As  regards  the  Capital  and  Income,  many 
minute  accounts  have  been  prepared. 

To  show  the  care,  as  well  as  the  fulness  with 
which  these  returns  have  been  made,  I  give  one 
of  the  Tables  hi  its  integrity,  merely  remarking, 
that  similar  tables  relative  to  all  the  other 
articles  have  been  made ;  but  I  condense  the 
details,  lest  a  repetition,  however  curious  in  its 
statistics,  should  prove  wearisome : 

CAPITAL, OR  STOCK  IN  TRADE,  OF  THE  STREET- 
SELLERS  OF  EATABLES  AND  DRINKABLES. 
Street-sellers  of  Hot  Eek.  £     s.   d 

200  stalls,  at  6s 60     0     0 

100  baskets,  at  1* 500 


£    *.     d. 

200  eel-kettles,  at  3*.  6d.  .  .  .  35  0  0 
100  jars  for  itinerants,  at  6d.  .  .  2  10  0 

300  stew-pans,  at  2s 30     0     0 

300  strainers,  at  1* 1500 

300  ladles,  at  4rf 500 

2,400  cups,  at  Id 10     0     0 

2,400  spoons,  at  Id.       .     .  .     10     0     0 

200  chafing-dishes,  at  6d.  .  .  .  500 
200  glasses  for  candles,  at  3d.  .  2100 
210  vendors'  stock-money,  at  5*. 

each 

60  ditto,  at  255.  each.         .     .     . 
100  itinerants'  ditto,  at  2*.  each 
300  cloths,  at  4rf.  each    .... 
300  pairs  of  sleeves,  at  4<f.  per  pair 
300  aprons  at  4rf.  each    .... 

£339  10     0 

Street-sellers  of  Pea  Soup. 
150  soup-kettles,  4*.  each-,  1;30 
ladles,  6rf.  each  ;  150  pepper-boxes, 
Id.  each  ;  150  mint-boxes,  3d.  each  ; 
150  chafing-dishes,  6d.  each;  1,800 
basons,  Id.  each;  1,800  spoons,  \,l. 
each;  stock-money,  3s.  6d.  each*  .  81  5  0 

Street-sellers  of  Pickled  Whelks. 

100  stalls,  4«.  each;  150  baskets, 
2s.  6d.  each;  150  tin  boilers,  2s.  6d. 
each;  75  pans,  9d.  each;  150  jars, 
6d.  each ;  150  flour- dredgers,  4</. 
each;  1,800  saucers,  \d.  each;  150 
table-spoons,  2d.  each  ;  150  knives, 
2d.  each;  150  vinegar-bottles,  Id. 
each;  150  serge  aprons,  2s.  each; 
stock-money,  for  150  vendors,  5*. 
each  125  18  9 

Street-sellers  of  Fried  Fish. 

300  trays,  Is.  6d.  each ;  300  fry- 
ing-pans,' 1*.  6d.  each;  300  salt- 
dredgers,  3d.  each  ;  300  knives,  2d. 
each ;  300  earthenware  pans,  1*. 
each  ;  300  shallows,  Is.  each ;  stock- 
money,  for  150  vendors,  5s.  each  .156  5  0 

•  The  hot-e«l  trade  being  in  conjunction  vith  the 
pea-soup,  the  same  stall,  candles,  toweli,  sleeve*,  and 
aprons  do  for  both. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


22  L 


Street-sellers  of  Sheeps'  Trotters. 
300  baskets,    Is.  4<f.   each ;    300     jg     *.     d. 
*otton  cloths,  4rf.  each  ;  300  forks, 
Id.  each  ;  300  knives,  3d.  each  ;  300 
pepper-boxes,    Id.  each ;    300  salt- 
cellars.  Id.  each  ;  stock-money,  for 
300  sellers,  Is.  each 48   15     0 

Street-sellers  of  Ham  Sandwiches. 
60  baskets,  2s.  each  ;  60  tin  boilers, 
It.  each ;  60  knives  and  forks,  6d. 
per  pair ;  60  mustard-pots,  Id.  each  ; 
60  spoons,  Id.  each;  60  cloths,  5d. 
each  ;  60  aprons,  4rf.  each  ;  60  pairs 
of  sleeves,  -W.  per  pair  ;  stock-money 
for  60  vendors,  7s.  2d.  weekly  .  .  381-')  0 

Street-sellers  of  Baked  '  Tatoes. 
300  cans,  21.  each;  300  knives, 
3d.    each;    300    pepper-boxes,    Id. 
each  ;  stock-money  for  300  vendors, 
10*.  each 755     0     0 

Street-sellers  of  Hot  Green  Peas. 
4  cans,  2s.  6d.  each  ;  4  vinegar- 
bottles,  Id.  each:  4  pepper-boxes, 
3d.  each;  12  saucers,  Id.  each;  12 
spoons,  Id.  each  ;  4  cloths,  4rf.  each  ; 
stock-money  for  4  vendors,  2s.  each  128 

Street-sellers  of  Meat  ("  Hawking  Butctters.") 
150  baskets,  4s.  6r/.  each;  150 
saws,  2s.  each;  150  cleavers,  Is.  6d. 
each  ;  150  steels,  Is.  6d.  each;  150 
belts  for  baskets,  Is.  each;  150  do. 
for  waist,  6d.  each;  150  cloths,  6d. 
each;  150  aprons,  6d.  each;  150 
pairs  of  sleeves,  4rf.  per  pair;  150 
vendors'  stock-money,  6s  each  per 
day ". 138  5  0 

Street-sellers  of  Bread. 
12  baskets,  4*.  6d.  each;  12  bar- 
rows, 40*.  each ;  1  long  bread-basket, 
40*.;  1  barrow,  30s.;  13  sacks,  Is. 
each  ;  stock-money  for  25  vendors, 
at  I/,  each 5,1  17  0 

Strect-seUert  of  Cats'  and  Dogs' -meat. 

500    barrows,     18s.    each;      1,000 

baskets,   1*.  6</.   each  ;    500  sets  of 

weights  and  scales,  4*.  each;  1,000 

is,   1*. 

each;    stock-money  of    1 
ion,  7*.  6d.  per  head    ....      1,083     6     8 

't-teUcrt  of  '  Tea. 

>bles,  2*.6rf.cach;  7.1)  stalls, 

6*.  each ;  75  coffee- barrows,  I/,  each ; 

400  coffee-cans  (100  vendors  having 

two  cans,  and  200  only  one),  St.  each ; 

!>00  plates,    1J</. 
each;    300 

^tock- 
»oncy  ,lors,  5*.  each          435  12     0 


Street-sellers  of  Ginger-beet 
300  barrows,  II.  each  ;  1,000  stalls.     £     t.     d. 
5s.  each  ;  175  fountain?,  71.  each;  20 
ditto,  20/.  each;  3  ditto,  100/.  each; 
9,000  glasses,  5d.  each  ;  1,500  tanks, 
Is.  each;    3,000  towels,  6d.  each; 
500  sets  of  brewing  utensils,  corks, 
&c.,  5s.  each  ;  500  gross  of  bottles, 
10s.  per  gross,  and  stock-money  for 
1,500  vendors,  5s.  each  ....    3,562   10     0 
Street-sellers  of  Lemonade,  Nectar,  Sherbet,  8fc.+ 

200  stalls,  6s.  each  ;  500  stone 
barrels,  5s.  6d.  each;  1,200  glasses, 
4|rf.  each;  400  towels,  6d.  each;  200 
jars,  2s.  each;  2,400  glass  bottles, 
3d.  each  ;  stock-money  for  200  ven- 
dors, 2s.  6d.  each  ......  305  0  0 

Street-sellers  of  Elder-wine. 
3  elder-  wine  carriages  and  appa- 
ratus, 11.  each  ;  47  ditto  ditto.  3/.  10*. 
each  ;    300  small  wine-glasses,  2d. 
each;  stock-money,  3s.  per  head     .     195   10  0 

Street-sellers  of  Peppermint-water. 
2  kegs,   3s.  6d.  each;  2  jars,  2s. 
each;  16  glasses,  3d.  each;  4  cloths, 
4rf.     each  ;    stock-money,   for  four 
vendors,  Is.  each    .......     1     04 

Milk-sellers  in  tlie  Park. 
16  cows,  20/.  each  ;  8  lockers,  31. 
each  ;  32  fixed  seats,  3s.  each  ;  48 
forms,  3s  each  ;  48  glasses,  4Jrf. 
each  ;  96  cups,  Id.  each  ;  8  halters, 
for  cows,  6d.  each  ;  8  pans,  Is.  each  ; 
16  towels,  6d.  each  ......  358  6  0 

Milk-sellers  in  Markets,  8fe. 

20  yokes  and  pairs  of  cans,  15s. 
each  ;  20  sets  of  measures,  2s.  per 
set  ;  stock-money  for  20  vendors,  3s. 
each  ...........     20     0     0 

Street-sellers  of  Curds  anil  U'heij. 

100  stalls,   5s.  each;   100  sauce- 
pans, to  scald  the  milk  in,  2s.  each  ; 
300  cups,  Id.  each  ;  300  <;lns 
each;    600  spoons,  \d.  each;    100 
tin  kettles,  for  stalls,  at  3s.  6d.  each; 
100  small  tubs,  1*  each;   100  cloths, 
3d.  each  ;  stock-money  for  100  ven- 
dors, at  2*.  each  .......     77  10     0 

'- 


7    tf 


50  kettles  and  braziers,  for  stall, 
•ts.  the  two;  .''»()()  spier  or  ji'.'piuTinint- 
boxes,  Id.  each;  stork-money  for 
fifty  vendors,  Is.  .'5</.  Mch  .  It 

H'uti  r-i-iirriert. 

120  pails,  2s.  each  ;  60  yokes,  5s. 
each 27  0  0 

'her  500  vendor?  of    mionmde  in 
the  street*,  but  300  of  thcte  tell  alto  pn,    i  :•  •  r,  an  1 

:    in  tlio 

street-** 

,  cut)-.  &-c.,  of  the  two  rluiet  are  tin 


222 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Street  Piemen. 

50  pie-cans,  11.  each ;  25  turn  £  «.  d. 
Halfpenny  boards,  to  gamble  with, 
2s.  Gd.  each ;  50  gross  of  tin  pie- 
dishes,  12s.  per  gross;  50  aprons, 
Sd.  each;  100  tins,  1*.  each  (for 
baking  pies  upon),  stock-money,  for 
50  vendors,  6s.  6d.  each  .  .  .  .100  0  10 

Street-sellers  of  Boiled  Puddings. 
6  stands,  6s.  each ;  6  cans,  2*.  6d. 
each ;  6  pots  (tin),  Is.  each ;  6 
chafing-dishes  and  stands,  5d.  each ; 
6  forks,  2d.  each ;  6  cloths,  6d.  each ; 
stock-money,  for  6  vendors,  2s.  6d. 
each  446 

Street-sellers  of  Plum-duff. 
6  baskets,  Is.  9d.  each ;  6  sauce- 
pans, 2*.  each ;  6  cloths,  6d.  each ; 
6  knives,  2d.  each  ;  stock-money,  for 

6  vendors,  2s.  each 1   18     6 

Street-sellers  of  Cakes,  Tarts,  fyc. 
150  trays,  Is.  9d.  each ;  150  cloths, 
la.  3d.  each;  150  straps,  6d.  each; 
stock-  money,  16s.  6d.  each     .     .     .  150     0     0 

Other  and  inferior  Cake-sellers. 
30  trays,  Is.  9d.  each ;  30  straps, 
6d.  each ;  stock-money,  2s.  Gd.  each       726 

Street-sellers  of  Plum-cake. 
4  trays,  Is.  9d.  each;  4  baskets, 
Is.  Gd.  each;  4  cloths  (oil-cloth 
covers  for  baskets),  Is.  each;  4 
knives,  2d.  each;  stock-money,  for 
4  sellers,  4s.  each 1  18  8 

Gingerbread-nut  Makers  and  Sellers. 
50  ovens,  51.  each ;  50  peels  and 
rakes,  3s.  the  two  ;  750  tins,  Is.  each; 
50  lamps,  for  fairs,  6s.  each;  50 
stalls,  6s.  each ;  50  sets  of  scales  and 
100  sets  of  weights,  half  of  them 
false,  7s.  6d.  each;  100  canisters,  2s. 
each ;  50  barrows,  30s.  each ;  50 
baskets,  6s.  each;  50 baizes,  Is.  each; 
50  cloths  to  cover  stall,  Is.  each  ; 
stock-money,  for  50  makers  and 
sellers,  14s.  each 483  15  0 

Gingerbread-nut  Sellers  (not  Makers.) 
150  trays,  Is.  9d.  each ;  150  straps, 
6o».    each;     stock-money,    for    150 
sellers,  Is.  Gd.  each 28     5     6 

Street-sellers  of  Hot  cross  Buns. 
500  baskets,    2s.  6d.   each  ;    500 
flannels   and   cloths,    2s.    the   two ; 
stock-money,  for  500  sellers,  2s.  6d. 
each 175     0     0 

Street-sellers  of  Muffins  and  Crumpets. 

500  baskets,  2s.  Gd.  each;  500 
cloths,  Is.  each;  stock-money,  for 
SCO  sellers,  5s.  each 212  10  0 


Street-sellers  of  Stoee 
6  barrows,  11.  10s.  each;  150  £  *  d 
trays,  Is.  9d.  each;  50  saucepans, 
2s.  each  ;  18  canisters  (long  tin],  2s. 
each  ;  44  stalls,  at  4s.  each ;  50  sets 
of  weights  and  scales,  at  4s.  each ; 
stock-money,  for  150  vendors,  3s. 
each 70  46 

Street-sellers  of  Cough  Drops. 
2  stills  and  barrows,  31.  10s.  each  ; 
4   stalls,    7s.  each ;    6  weights  and 
scales,  3s.  Gd.  each;  stock-money, 
for  6  sellers,  2s.  Gd.  each   ....     10     4    0 

Street-sellers  of  Ices. 
20  jars,  Is.  each  ;  20  coolers,  2s. 
each;  30  cups,  Id.  each,  and  30 
glasses,  4rf.  each;  60  spoons,  Id. 
each ;  stock-money,  for  20  vendors, 
2s.  per  head 5176 

TOTAL  CAPITAL  INVESTED  IN 
THE  STREET  SALE  OF  EATABLES 
AND  DRINKABLES  .  .  .  9,077  12  i 

INCOME,  OR  "  TAKINGS,"  OF  STREET-SELLERS 

OF  EATABLES  AND  DRINKABLES. 

Street-sellers  of  Hot  Eels. 

There  are  upwards  of  1, 000,000  Ibs. 
weight  of  hot  eels  sold  yearly  in  the 
streets  of  London.  140  vendors  each 
sell  6  Ibs.  of  eels  daily  at  their  stands  ; 
60  sell  40  Ibs.  daily  ;  and  100  itinerant 
sell  5  Ibs.  nightly  at  the  public-houses. 
The  first  mentioned  take  on  an  average 
2s.  daily;  the  second  16s. ;  and  the  third 
1*.  Sd.  This  gives  a  yearly  street  expen- 
diture in  the  trade  in  hot  eels  amount- 
ing to  £19,448 

Street-sellers  of  Pea-soup. 

The  annual  street  consumption  ot 
pea-soup  amounts  to  1,680  gallons.  100 
vendors  sell  each  4  gallons  daily  ;  and 
50  vendors,  each  sell  upon  an  average 
10  gallons  daily.  The  first  mentioned 
take  3s.  a  day ;  and  the  last,  7s.  6d. 
This  gives  a  street  expenditure  during 
the  winter  season  of  five  months,  of  .  .  j£  4,050 
Street-sellers  of  Pickled  Wlielks. 

According  to  the  Billingsgate  returns, 
there  are  nearly  5,000,000  of  whelks  sold 
yearly  in  the  streets  of  London.  These 
are  retailed  in  a  boiled  state,  and 
flavoured  with  vinegar,  at  four  a  penny. 
150  vendors  take  on  an  average  13s. 
weekly..  This  gives  an  annual  street 

expenditure,  of £5,000 

Street-sellers  of  Fried  Fish. 

150  sellers  make  10s.  Gd.  weekly,  or 
yearly  27 /.  6s.  ;  and  150  sellers  make 
half  tbat  amount,  13/.  13s.  per  annum. 
Reckoning  20*.  a  year  as  a  medium 
earning,  and  adding  90  per  cent,  for 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


223 


profit,  the  annual  consumption  of  fried 
fish  supplied  by  London  street- sellers 
amounts  to  684,000  Ibs.,  and  the  sum 
expended  thereupon  to £11,400 

Street-sellers  of  Sheep's  Trotters. 
In  the  wholesale  "  trotter  "  establish- 
ment there  are  prepared,  weekly,  20,000 
sets,   or  80,000  feet ;    giving  a  yearly 
average  of  4,160,000   trotters,   or  the 
feet  of  1 ,040,000  sheep.     Of  this  quan- 
tity the  street-folk  buy  seven-eighths,  or 
.'100  trotters  yearly.    The  number 
of  sheep  trotter-sellers  may  be  taken  at 
300 ;  which  gives  an  average  of  nearly 
I  a  week  per  individual.     There 
is   then    expended    yearly   in    London 
streets   on    trotters,    calculating    their 
.   at   \d.  each,  6,500/. ;  but 
though   the  regular  price  is  |rf.,  some 
trotters  are  sold  at  four  for  Ijrf.,  very 
few  higher  than  \d.t  and  some  are  kept 
until  they  are  unsaleable,  so  that  the 
amount   thus   expended  may   bo   esti- 
mated at £6,000 

Street-sellers  of  Ham-sandwiches. 
50  vendors,  take  8s.  a  week,  and  sell 
annually  486,800  sandwiches,  at  a  cost 
of  .          £1,800 

Street-sellers  of  Baked  'Tatoes. 
300  vendors,   sell   upon   an  average 
of  baked  potatoes  daily,  or  1,755 
tons  in  the  season.   The  average  takings 
of  each  vendor  amount  to  6s.  a  day;  and 
the  receipts  of  the  whole  number  through- 
out the  season  (which  lasts  from  the 
latter  end  of  September  till  March  in- 
clusive), a  period  of  6  months,  are   .     .£14,000 

The  Street-sellers  of  Hot  Green  Peas. 
The  chief  man  of  business  sells  3  gal- 
lons a  day  (which,  at  Id.  the  quarter- 
?ould  be  8s.,  my  informant  said 
*.),  the  other  three  together  sell  the 
juantity  ;  hence  there  is  an  annual 
onsumption  of  1,870  gallons,  and 
a  street  expenditure  on  "  hot  green  peas'" 

.     . £250 

Strtet-seUert  of  Meat. 
The  hawk  s,  taking  their 

<»001bs.ofmeat, 

and  take  annually £12,450 

Street- teller t  of  Bread. 
take   45  j.   a  day   for   five 
months  in  the  summer,  and  12  regular 
traders  take  I/.  12*.  per  day;  this  gives 
an  annual  street  consumption  of  700,000 
n  loaves  of  bread,  and  a  street 

'•ri  of  Cats  and  Dogs'  Meat. 
300,000  cats  in  the  metro- 
:»00  to  1,000  horses, 

<at  each,  l> 
vezj  nctk  ; 


and  dogs'  meat  used  throughout  Lon- 
don is  about  200,000  Ibs.  per  week, 
and  this,  sold  at  the  rate  of  2  Jrf.  per  lb., 
gives  2.000J.  a  week  for  the  money  spent 
in  cats'  and  dogs'  meat,  or  per  year, 

upwards  of £100,000 

Street-sellers  of  Coffee,  Tea,  $c. 

Each  coffee-stall  keeper  on  an  average 
clears  11.  a  week,  and  his  takings  may 
be  said  to  be  at  least  double  that  sum  ; 
hence  the  quantity  of  coffee  sold  annu- 
ally in  the  streets,  is  about  550,000  gal- 
lons, while  the  yearly  street  expenditure 
for  tea,  coffee,  &c.,  amounts  to  .  .  .£31,200 
Street-sellers  of  Ginger-beer. 

The  bottles  of  ginger-beer  sold  yearly 
in  the  streets  number  about  4,798,000, 
and  the  total  street  consumption  of  the 
same  beverage  may  be  said  to  be  about 
250,000  gallons  per  annum.  200  street- 
sellers  of  ginger-beer  in  the  bottle  trade 
of  the  penny  class  take  30s.  a  week  each 
(thus  allowing  for  inferior  receipts  in 
bad  weather) ;  300  take  20s.  each,  selling 
their  "  beer"  for  the  most  part  at  Jrf.  the 
bottle,  while  the  remaining  400  "  in  a 
small  way"  take  6s.  each;  hence  there 
is  expended  in  the  bottled  ginger-beer 
of  the  streets  11,480/.  Adding  the  re- 
ceipts from  the  fountains  and  the  barrels, 
the  barrel  season  continuing  only  ten 
weeks,  the  total  sum  expended  annually 
in  street  ginger-beer  amounts  altogether 

to £14,66fl 

Street-sellers  of  Lemonade,  Sherbet, 
Nectar,  $c. 

There  are  200  persons,  chiefly  men, 
selling  solely  lemonade,  &c.,  and  an 
additional  300  uniting  the  sale  with  that 
of  ginger-beer.  Their  average  receipts 
on  fine  days  are  Ss.  6<l.  a  day,  or,  allowing 
for  wet  weather  and  diminished  receipts, 
10s.  a  week.  The  receipts,  then,  for  this 
street  luxury,  show  a  street  expenditure 
in  such  a  summer  as  the  last,  of  2,8007., 
among  those  who  do  not  unite  i;ii 

ith  the  trade,      Cak-nlating  that 
.  ho  do  unite  giii  :h  it 

sell  only  one-half  as  much  as  the  ot  i 

we  find  a  total  outlay  of £4,900 

Street-seller*  of  Elder-wine. 

50  vendors  clear  5*.  a  week  for  16 

M  sale  of  elder- wine  in  the 

.  their  profit   being  at  least  cent 

:!:c  street  consumption 

Oft,  and  the  outlay    .     .     .      £?00 
'  sellers  of  Peppermint -tnitrr. 
peppermint 

•   find   that    :  ,s  of 

very 

i  •  :i. !••!],  while  (lie 
surncx:  •  amount*  annually  to      £125 


224 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Street-selle~s  of  Milk  in  the  Markets,  Parks,  SfC. 

The  vendors  in  the  markets  clear 
about  Is.  6d.  a  day  each,  for  three 
months;  and  as  the  profit  is  rather 
more  than  cent,  per  cent.,  there  are 
about  4,000  gallons  of  milk  thus  sold 
yearly.  The  quantity  sold  in  the  park 
averages  20  quarts  a  day  for  a  period  of 
nine  months,  or  1,170  gallons  in  the 
year.  This  is  retailed  at  4d.  per  quart; 
hence  the  annual  expenditure  is  ...  £344 
Street-sellers  of  Curds  and  Whey. 

50  sellers  dispose  of  12  J  gallons  in  3 
weeks;  the  other  50  sell  only  half  as 
much.  Taking  the  season  at  3  months, 
the  annual  consumption  of  curds  and 
whey  in  the  streets  is  2,812  double  gal- 
lons (as  regards  the  ingredients  of  milk), 
which  is  retailed  at  a  cost  to  the  pur- 
chasers of £412 

Street-sellers  of  Rice-milk. 

Calculating  that  50  sellers  dispose  of 
24  quarts  weekly,  while  one-half  of  the 
remaining  25  sell  12  quarts  each  per 
week  at  Id.  the  half-pint,  and  the  other 
half  vend  24  quarts  at  \d.  the  half- 
pint,  there  are  about  3,000  gallons  ot 
rice-milk  yearly  consumed  in  the  streets 
of  London,  while  the  expenditure 

amounts  to £320 

Water-carriers. 

The  number  of  water-carriers  are 
sixty,  and  their  average  earnings  through 
the  year  5*.  a  week ;  hence  the  sum  an- 
nually expended  in  water  thus  obtained 

amounts  to £780 

Street  Piemen. 

There  are  fifty  street  piemen  plying 
their  trade  in  London,  the  year  through, 
their  average  takings  are  one  guinea  a 
week ;  hence  there  is  an  annual  street 
consumption  of  pies  of  nearly  to  three- 
quarters  of  a  million,  and  a  street  ex- 
penditure amounting  to £3,000 

Street-sellers  of  Meat  and  Currant  Puddings. 

Each  street-seller  gets  rid  of,  on  an 
average,  85  dozen,  or  1,020  puddings  ; 
there  are  now  but  six  street- sellers  (re- 
gularly) of  these  comestibles ;  hence  the 
weekly  aggregate  would  be— allowing 
for  bad  weather— 5,400,  and  the  total 
129,600  meat  and  currant  puddings  sold 
in  the  streets,  in  a  season  of  24  weeks. 
This  gives  an  annual  expenditure  on 
the  part  of  the  street  boys  and  girls 
(who  are  the  principal  purchasers),  and 
of  the  poor  persons  who  patronise  the 

street-trade,  of  about £270 

Street-sellers  of  Plum   "  duff:' 

Calculating  42*.  a  week  as  the  takings 
of  six  persons,  for  five  months,  we  find 
there  is  yearly  expended  in  the  street 
purchase  of  plum  dough  upwards  of  .  £250 


Street-sellers  of  Cakes,  Tarts,  8fe. 
Reckoning    150   cake- sellers,    each 
taking  6s.  a  week — a  sufficiently  low 
average  —  the    street    consumption    of 
cakes,  tarts,  &c.,  will  be  1,123,200  every 
year,  and  the  street  outlay  about     .     .  £2,3f50 
Street-sellers  of  other  and  inferior  Cakes. 

The  sale  of  the  inferior  street  cakes 
realises  about  a  fifth  of  that  taken  by 
the  other  cake-sellers ;  hence  it  may  be 

estimated  yearly  at £450 

Street-sellers  of  Gingerbread-nuts. 

150  gingerbread-nut- sehers  take  17s. 

each  weekly  (clearing  9s.} ;  at  this  rate 

the  sum  spent  yearly  in  "spice"  nuts 

in  the  streets  of  London  amounts  to      .  £6,630 

Street-sellers  of  Hot-cross  Buns. 

There  are  nearly  100,000  hot-cross 
buns  sold  every  Good  Friday  in  the 
streets  of  London  ;  hence  there  is  ex- 
pended in  one  day,  upon  the  buns  thus 

bought  about £300 

Street-sellers  of  Muffins  and  Crumpets. 

There  are  500  muffin-sellers,  each 
clearing  4s.  and  taking  12s.  a  week  on 
an  average  ;  hence  the  metropolitan 
street  sale  of  muffins  and  crumpets  will 
be  in  20  weeks  about  120,000  dozen, 
and  the  sum  expended  thereon  .  .  .  £6,000 
Street-sellers  of  Sweet-stuff. 

The  number  of  sweet-stuff  sellers  in 
London  amounts  to  200,  each  of  whom, 
on  an  average,  clears  10s.,  and  takes  20s. 
weekly;  the  yearly  consumption,  there- 
fore, of  rocks,  candies,  hard-bakes,  &c., 
purchased  in  the  streets  is  nearly  two 
and  a  half  millions  of  halfpenny- worths, 
or  (at  the  rate  of  \d.  an  ounce)  about 
70  tons  weight  per  annum,  costing  the 

consumers  about £10,000 

Street-sellers  of  Cough-drops. 

The  earnings  of  the  principal  man  in 
the  "cough-drop"  street  trade  may  be 
taken  at  30s.  a  week  for  twenty  weeks ; 
that  of  another  at  15s.  for  the  same 
period ;  and  those  of  the  remaining  four 
street- sellers  of  the  same  compound  at 
5s.  each,  weekly  ;  allowing  the  usual 
cent,  per  cent,  we  find  there  is  annually 
expended  by  street-buyers  on  cough- 
drops  £'130 

Street-sellers  of  Ice  Creams. 

The  sale  of  street  ices  may  be  calcu- 
lated at  twenty  persons,  taking  Is.  6d. 
daily  for  four  weeks.  This  gives  a  street 
consumption  of  10,000  penny  ices,  and 
an  annual  expenditure  thereon  of  .  £42 

TOTAL   SUM  EXPENDED  YEARLY 
ON  STREET  EATABLES  AND  DRINK-    . 
ABLES £203,111 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


225 


I  III.   LI'CIFKIl    MATCH   (-IKI. 


Ho.  15. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  PuOR. 


227 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  STATIONEPY,  LITERATURE, 
AND  THE  FINE  ARTS. 


WE  now  come  to  a  class  of  street-folk  wholly 
instinct  from  any  before  treated  of.  As  yet  we 
have  been  dealing  principallywith  the  uneducated 
•»owion  of  the  street-people — men  whom,  for  the 
nost  part,  are  allowed  to  remain  in  nearly  the 
same  primitive  and  brutish  state  as  the  savage 
—  creatures  with  nothing  but  their  appetites, 
instincts,  and  passions  to  move  them,  and  made 
Uji  of  tnc  same  crude  combination  of  virtue  and 
vice  — the  same  generosity  combined  with  the 
sic  ic  predator)'  tendencies  as  the  Bedouins  of 
the  desert— the  same  love  of  revenge  and  dis- 
regard of  pain,  and  often  the  same  gratitude 
and  susceptibility  to  kindness  as  the  Red 
Indian— and,  furthermore,  the  same  insensi- 

to  female  honour  and  abuse  of  female 
•weakness,  and  the  same  utter  ignorance  of  the 
Divine  nature  of  the  Godhead  as  marks  either 
Bftsjesman,  Carib,  or  Thug. 

The  costers  and  many  other  of  the  street- 
sellers  before  described,  however,  are  bad — not 
so  much  from  their  own  perversity  as  from  our 
selfishness.  That  they  partake  of  the  natural 
evil  of  human  nature  is  not  their  fault  but  ours, 
— who  would  be  like  them  if  we  had  not  been 
taught  by  others  better  than  ourselves  to  con- 
troul  the  bad  and  cherish  the  good  principles  of 
our  hearts. 

The  street- sellers  of  stationery,  literature,  and 
the  fine  arts,  however,  differ  from  all  before 
treated  of  in  the  general,  though  far  from  uni- 

.  education  of  the  sect.  They  constitute 
principally  the  class  of  street-orators,  known  in 

iays  a*  '*  patterers,"  and  formerly  termed 
"  mountebanks," — people  who,  in  the  words  of 
Strutt,  strive  to  "  help  off  their  wares  by  pomp- 

-eches,    in  which    little    regard    is   paid 

:o  truth  or  propriety."     To  patter,  is  a 
meaning  to  speak.     To  indulge  in 

rid  of  oral  puffery,  of  course,  rr<; 
certain  exercise  of  the  intellect,   and  it  is  the 

usoess  of  their  mental  superiority  which 
makes  the  patterers  look  down  upon  the  coster- 

rs  as  an  inferior  body,  with  whom  they 
to  be  classed  or  to  associate.     The 

if  some  of  the  "patterers"  for  tli 
costers  is  as  profound  as  the  contempt  of  the 
pickpocket   for  the   pure   b<  f  who 

nave  not  witnessed  this   pride  of  class  among 

form  no  ad 

idea  of  the  arrogance  with  which   tin 
roan,  no  matter  now  base  the  art,  look 
Killed.    "  We  arc  the  haristocracv 
streets,"  was  said  to  me  by  one  of  the  utreet- 
•  ho  told   penny  fortunes  with  a 

n't  pay  us  for  what  we  gives  'em, 

Vnt  only  to  hear  us  talk.    \V«  .urself, 

isc  of  our  hintellccU— we  by 

.  and  you  by  writ 

notwithstanding  the   '•  f  the 

patterer*  I  am  inclined  to  think  that  they  are 


less  impressionable  and  less  susceptible  of  kind- 
ness  than  the  costers  whom  they  despise.  Dr. 
Conolly  has  told  us  that,  even  among  the  insane, 
the  educated  classes  are  the  most  difficult  to 
move  and  govern  through  their  affections.  They 
are  invariably  suspicious,  attributing  unworthy 
motives  to  every  benefit  conferred,  and  conse- 
quently incapable  of  being  touched  by  any 
sympathy  on  the  part  of  those  who  may  be 
affected  by  their  distress.  So  far  as  my  ex- 
perience goes  it  is  the  same  with  the  street-pat- 
terers.  Any  attempt  to  befriend  them  is  almost 
sure  to  be  met  with  distrust.  Nor  does  their 
mode  of  life  serve  in  any  way  to  lessen  theii  mis- 
givings. Conscious  how  much  their  own  live- 
lihood depends  upon  assumption  and  trickery, 
they  naturally  consider  that  others  have  somo 
"  dodge,"  as  they  call  it,  or  some  latent  object 
in  view  when  any  good  is  sought  to  be  done 
them.  The  impulsive  costermonger,  however, 
approximating  more  closely  to  the  primitive 
man,  moved  solely  by  his  feelings,  is  as  easily 
humanized  by  any  kindness  as  he  is  brutified  by 
any  injury. 

The  patterers,  again,  though  certainly  mure 
intellectual,  are  scarcely  less  immoral  than  the 
costers.  Their  superior  cleverness  gives  them 
the  power  of  justifying  and  speciously  glossing 
their  evil  practices,  but  serves  in  no  v 
restrain  them  ;  thus  affording  the  social  philoso- 
pher another  melancholy  instance  of  the  evil  of 
developing  the  intellect  without  the  conscience — 
of  teaching  people  to  knou>  what  is  morally 
beautiful  and  ugly,  without  teaching  them  at 
the  same  time  to  feel  and  delight  in  the  one  and 
abhor  the  other — or,  in  other  words,  of  quicken- 
ing the  cunning  and  checking  the  emotions  of 
the  individual. 

Among  the  patterers  marriage  is  as  little 
frequent  as  among  the  costermongers  ;  with  the 
exception  of  the  older  class,  who  "  were  per- 
haps married  before  they  took  to  the  it 
Hardly  one  of  the  patUrers,  however,  has  been 
bred  to  a  street  life;  and  this  constitutes  another 
line  of  demarcation  between  them  and  the  cos- 
termongers. 

costers,  we  have  seen,  are  moMh 

ditary  wanderers — having  been  as  it  were  born 

uent    the    public    thoroughfares  ;     some 

few  of  the  itinerant  dealers  in   fish,  fruit,   and 

vegetables,  have   it   is    true  been  driven  by  want 

; 'lo\  nirnt      to    adopt    street-selling    as    a 

means  of  living,  but  these  are,  so  to  speak,  the 

aliens    rather    than    the    natives   of  the    streets. 

•her   hand,  have   for  the 

most    i  i     hoi  n    and     bred    nor 

-but  have  rathe: 

to   it   from    a   natural  love   of  what  they  call 
u'-"      This   propensity  to  lapse   from   a 
civilized   into   a   nomad  state — to  pass   It 
settler  into  a  wanderer— is  a  peculiar  ch*ra« 


228 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


teristic  of  the  pattering  tribe.  The  tendency 
however  is  by  no  means  extraordinary;  for 
ethnology  teaches  us,  that  whereas  many  aban- 
don the  habits  of  civilized  life  to  adopt  those 
of  a  nomadic  state  of  existence,  but  few  of  the 
wandering  tribes  give  up  vagabondising  and 
betake  themselves  to  settled  occupations.  The 
innate  "love  of  a  roving  life,"  which  many  of 
the  street-people  themselves  speak  of  as  the 
cause  of  their  originally  taking  to  the  streets, 
appears  to  be  accompanied  by  several  peculiar 
characteristics  ;  among  the  most  marked  of 
these  are  an  indomitable  "self-will"  or  hatred 
of  the  least  restraint  or  controul — an  innate 
aversion  to  every  species  of  law  or  government, 
whether  political,  moral,  or  domestic — a  stub- 
born, contradictory  nature— an  incapability  of 
continuous  labour,  or  remaining  long  in  the 
same  place  occupied  with  the  same  object, 
*r  attending  to  th&  same  subject — an  unusual 
predilection  for  amusements,  and  especially  for 
what  partakes  of  the  ludicrous— together  with 
a  great  relish  of  all  that  is  ingenious,  and  so 
finding  extreme  delight  in  tricks  and  frauds  of 
every  kind.  There  are  two  patterers  now  in 
the  streets  (brothers) — well-educated  and  re- 
spectably connected  —  who  candidly  confess 
they  prefer  that  kind  of  life  to  any  other,  and 
would  not  leave  it  if  they  could. 

Nor  are  the  patterers  less  remarkable  than  the 
costermongers  for  their  utter  absence  of  all  reli- 
gious feeling.  There  is,  however,  this  distinc- 
tion between  the  two  classes — that  whereas  the 
creedlessness  of  the  one  is  but  the  consequence 
of  brutish  ignorance,  that  of  the  other  is  the 
result  of  natural  perversity  and  educated  scepti- 
cism -  as  the  street-patterers  include  many  men 
of  respectable  connections,  and  even  classical 
attainments.  Among  them,  may  be  found  the 
son  of  a  military  officer,  a  clergyman,  a  man 
brought  up  to  the  profession  of  medicine,  two 
Grecians  of  the  Blue-coat  School,  clerks,  shop- 
men, and  a  class  who  have  been  educated  to  no 
especial  calling — some  of  the  latter  being  the 
natural  sons  of  gentlemen  and  noblemen — and 
who,  when  deprived  of  the  support  of  their 
parents  or  friends,  have  taken  to  the  streets  for 
bread.  Many  of  the  younger  and  smarter  men, 
I  am  assured,  reside  with  women  of  the  town, 
though  they  may  not  be  dependent  for  their 
livelihood  on  the  wages  got  by  the  infamy  of 
these  women.  Not  a  few  of  the  patterers,  too, 
in  their  dress  and  appearance,  present  but  little 
difference  to  that  of  the  "  gent"  Some  wear  a 
moustache,  while  others  indulge  in  a  Henri- 
Quatre  beard.  The  patterers  are,  moreover,  as 
a  body,  not  distinguished  by  that  good  and 
friendly  feeling  one  to  another  which  is  remark- 
able among  costermongers.  If  an  absence  of 
heartiness  and  good  felkwship  be  characteristic 
of  an  aristocracy — as  some  political  philosophers 
contend — then  the  patterers  may  indeed  be  said 
to  be  the  aristocrats  of  the  streets. 

The  patterers  or  oratorical  street- sellers  in- 
clude among  their  class  many  itinerant  traders, 
other  tnan  the  wandering  "  paper- v  otters  " — 


as  those  vending  the  several  varieties  of  street- 
literature  are  generally  denominated.  The 
Cheap  Jacks,  or  oratorical  hucksters  of  hard- 
ware at  fairs  and  other  places,  are  among  the 
most  celebrated  and  humorous  of  this  class. 
The  commercial  arts  and  jests  of  some  of  these 
people,  display  considerable  cleverness.  Many 
of  their  jokes,  it  is  true,  are  traditional — and 
as  purely  a  matter  of  parrotry  as  the  witticisms 
of  the  "funny  gentlemen"  on  the  stage,  but 
their  ready  adaptation  of  accidental  circum- 
stances to  the  purposes  of  their  business, 
betrays  a  modicum  of  wit  far  beyond  that 
which  falls  to  the  share  of  ordinary  "  low 
comedians."  The  street- vendors  of  cough 
drops — infallible  cures  for  the  toothache  and 
other  ailments — also  belong  to  the  pattering 
class.  These  are,  as  was  before  stated,  the 
remains  of  the  obsolete  mountebanks  of  Eng- 
land and  the  saltinh'inque  of  France — a  class 
of  al  fresco  orators  who  derived  their  names 
from  the  bench — the  street  pulpit,  rostrum,  or 
platform — that  they  ascended,  in  order  the  better 
to  deliver  their  harangues.  The  street  jugglers, 
actors,  and  showmen,  as  well  as  the  street-sellers 
of  grease  -  removing  compositions,  corn  -  salve, 
razor-paste,  plating-balls,  waterproof  blacking, 
rat  poisons,  sovereigns  sold  for  wagers,  and  a 
multiplicity  of  similar  street- trickeries — such  as 
oratorical  begging  —  are  other  ingenious  and 
wordy  members  of  the  same  chattering,  jabber- 
ing, or  "pattering"  fraternity.  These  will  all 
be  spoken  of  under  the  head  of  the  different 
things  they  respectively  sell  or  do.  For  the  pre- 
sent we  have  only  to  deal  with  that  portion  of 
the  "  pattering  "  body  who  are  engaged  in  the 
street  sale  of  literature — or  the  "  paper-workers" 
as  they  call  themselves.  The  latter  include  the 
"  running  patterers,"  or  "  death-hunters  ;"  being 
men  (no  women)  engaged  in  vending  last  dying 
speeches  and  confessions — in  hawking  "  se-cond 
edi-tions"  of  newspapers — or  else  in  "working," 
that  is  to  say,  in  getting  rid  of  what  are  techni- 
cally termed  "  cocks ;"  which,  in  polite  language, 
means  accounts  of  fabulous  duels  between  ladies 
of  fashion — of  apochryphal  elopements,  or  ficti- 
tious love-letters  of  sporting  noblemen  and  cer- 
tain young  milliners  not  a  hundred  miles  from 
the  spot — "  cooked"  assassinations  and  sudden 
deaths  of  eminent  individuals — pretended  jealous 
affrays  between  Her  Majesty  and  the  Prince 
Consort  (but  these  papers  are  now  never  worked) 
—  or  awful  tragedies,  including  mendacious 
murders,  impossible  robberies,  and  delusive 
suicides. 

The  sellers  of  these  choice  articles,  however, 
belong  more  particularly  to  that  order  or  species 
of  the  pattering  genus  known  as  "  running  pat- 
terers," or  "  flyine  stationers,"  from  the  fact  <>/ 
their  being  continually  on  the  move  while  de- 
scribing the  attractions  of  the  "papers"  they 
have  to  sell.  Contradistinguished  from  them, 
however,  are  the  "  standing  patterers,"  or  those 
for  whose  less  startling  announcements  a  crowd 
is  necessary,  in  order  that  the  audience  may  have 
time  to  swallow  the  many  marvels  worked  oj 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


their  wares.      The  standing  patterers  require, 
therefore,  what  they  term  a  "  pitch,"  that  is  to 
say  a  fixed  locality,  where  they  can  hold  forth 
to  a  gaping  multitude  for,  at  least,  some  few 
minutes  continuously.     They  are  mainly  such 
street-sellers  as  deal  in  nostrums  and  the  dif- 
ferent kinds  of  street  "  wonders."    Occasionally, 
however,  the  running  patterer  (who  is  especially 
literary)  transmigrates  into  a  standing  one,  be- 
taking himself  to  "board  work,"  as  it  is  termed 
in  street  technology,  and  stopping  at  the  corners 
of  thoroughfares  with  a  large  pictorial  placard 
upon  a  pole,  and  glowing  with  a  highly- 
coloured  exaggeration  of  the  interesting  terrors 
of  the  pamphlet  he  has  for  sale.     This  is  either 
"  The  Life  of  Calcraft,  the  Hangman,"  "  The 
Diabolical   Prac^ces  of  Dr.  on   his  Pa- 
tients when  in  a  state  of  Mesmerism,"  or  "  The 
Secret  Doings  at  the  "White  House,  Soho,"  and 
other  similar  attractively-repulsive  details.  Akin 
to  this  "board  work"  is  the  practice  of  what 
is  called  "  strawing,"  or  selling  straws  in  the 
street,   and  giving  away  with  them  something 
that  is  either  really  or  fictionally  forbidden  to  be 
sold, — as  indecent  papers,  political  songs,  and 
the  like.    This  practice,  however,  is  now  seldom 
resorted  to,  while  the  sale  of  "  secret  papers  "  is 
rarely  carried  on  in  public.      It  is  true,  there 
are  three  or  four  patterers  who  live  chiefly  by 
professing  to   dispose   of  "sealed  packets"    of 
obscene  drawings  and  cards  for  gentlemen ;  but 
this  is  generally  a  trick  adopted  to  extort  money 
from  old  debauchees,  young  libertines,  and  people 
of  degraded  or  diseased  tastes ;  for  the  packets, 
on  being  opened,  seldom  contain  anything  but 
an  odd  number  of  some  defunct  periodical.  There 
a  large  traffic  in  such  secret  papers 
carried  on  in  what  is  called  "  the  public-house 
trade,"   that  is   to  say,   by  itinerant   "  paper- 
workers"  (mostly  women),  who  never  make  their 
appearance  in  the  streets,  but  obtain  a  livelihood 
inking,"  as  it  is  technically  termed,  or,  in 
ords,  by  offering  their  goods  for  sale  only 
at  the  bars  and  in  the  tap-rooms  and  parlours 
of  taverns.     The  excessive  indulgence  of  one 
appetite   is   often    accompanied    by  the  • 
of  a  second  ;  the  drunkard,  of  course,  is  super- 
bly a  sensualist,   and   is  therefore  easily 
hy  anything  that  tends  to  stimulate   his 
•sires:    to  sure  is  it  that  one  f<>rm 
is  a  necessary  concomitant  of  ano- 
«pecies  of  patterer,  who, 
'1    among  the   standing 
an    intern 

a*  they  descant  UJHMJ  what  they  sell  ;    hi;' 
walk  at  to  slow  ..  •  r  sta- 

''•••    said   to 

tanits, 

. 
jpouiKi  :,H,    and    t), 

•  popular  s  erators- -such  as 

engraTinp 

'Tied  with: 

JTf  those  who  do  not  cry.  but  (if  one  may  so  far 


stretch  the  English  language)  sing  the  contents 
of  the  "  papers"  they  vend. 

These  traffickers  constitute  tie  principal 
street- sellers  of  literature,  or  "  paper- workers," 
of  the  "  pattering  "  class.  In  addition  to  them 
there  are  many  others  vending  "papers"  in 
the  public  thoroughfares,  who  are  mere  traders 
resorting  to  no  other  acts  for  the  disposal  of  their 
goods  than  a  simple  cry  or  exposition  of  them ; 
and  many  of  these  are  but  poor,  humble,  strug- 
gling, and  inoffensive  dealers.  They  do  not  puff 
or  represent  what  they  have  to  sell  as  what  it  is 
not — (allowing  them  a  fair  commercial  latitude). 
They  are  not  of  the  "enterprising"  class  of 
street  tradesmen.  Among  these  are  the  street- 
sellers  of  stationery — such  as  note-paper,  en- 
velopes, pens,  ink,  pencils,  sealing-wax,  and 
wafers.  Belonging  to  the  same  class,  too,  are 
the  street- vendors  of  almanacs,  pocket-books, 
memorandum  and  account-books.  Then  there 
are  the  sellers  of  odd  numbers  of  periodicals 
and  broadsheets,  and  those  who  vend  either 
playing  cards,  conversation  cards,  stenographic 
cards,  and  (at  Epsom,  Ascot,  &c.)  racing  cards. 
Besides  these,  again,  there  are  the  vendors  of 
illustrated  cards,  such  as  those  embellished  with 
engravings  of  the  Crystal  Palace,  Views  of  the 
Houses  of  Parliament,  as  well  as  the  gelatine 
poetry  cards — all  of  whom,  with  the  exception 
of  the  racing-card  sellers  (who  belong  generally 
to  the  pattering  tribe),  partake  of  the  usual 
characteristics  of  the  street- selling  class. 

After  these  may  be  enumerated  the  vendors 
of  old  engravings  out  of  inverted  umbrellas,  and 
the  hawkers  of  coloured  pictures  in  frames. 
Then  there  are  the  old  book-stalls  and  barrows, 
and  "the  pinners -up,"  as  they  are  termed,  or 
sellers  of  old  songs  pinned  against  the  wall,  as 
well  as  the  vendors  of  manuscript  music.  More- 
over, appertaining  to  the  same  class,  there  are 
the  vendors  of  playbills  and  "  books  of  the  per- 
formance" outside  the  theatre;  and  lastly,  the 
pretended  sellers  of  tracts — such  as  the  Lascars 
and  others,  who  use  this  kind  of  street  tratiic  .is 
a  cloak  for  the  more  profitable  trade  of  begging 
The  street-sellers  of  images,  although  strictly 
comprised  within  those  who  vend  fine  art  pro- 
ductions in  the  public  thorough  fares  will  be 
treated  of  under  the  head  of  Tin;  Si  KI  I.T  ITA- 
LIANS, to  which  class  they  mostly  belong. 

OP  THE  FORMER  AND  PRESENT  STIIF.ET- 
PATTERERS. 

Or  the   street-patten  rs   the  running  (or  flying) 
trader  annoi.'  tents  of  the  paper  he  is 

offering  for  sale,  as  he  proceeds  on  nis  mission, 
tally  the  detail  of  some  "  haiharious  and 
inunlcr."  •  :  raordinary  occur- 

as  the  attack  on  Marshal  llaynau — 
which  has  roused  public  attention  ;  or  the  paper 
••eel   as  descriptive   of  a  murder,  or  of 
event,   may   in  reality   be  som« 
odd    n  pi  nodical.      "  It  '• 

inji,"  said  - 

mplain  of  having  been  took  in.    It 
•  lings   to  lose   a   halfpenny,   but   it 


230 


LONDON  LABOUR  A^D  FHE  LONDON  POOR. 


hurts  their  pride  too  much,  when  they're  had,  to 
grumble  in  public  about  it."     On   this   head, 
then,  I  need  give  no  further  general  explanation. 
In  times  of  excitement  the  running  patterer  (or 
"stationer,"  as  he  was  and  is  sometimes  called) 
has  reaped  the  best  harvest.     When  the  Popish 
plot  agitated  England  in  the  reign  of  Charles  II. 
the  "  Narratives"  of  the  design  of  a  handful  of 
men  to  assassinate  a  whole  nation,  were  eagerly 
purchased  in  the  streets  and  taverns.     And  this 
has  been  the  case  during  the  progress  of  any  ab- 
sorbing event  subsequently.  I  was  told  by  a  very 
old  gentleman,  who  had  heard  it  from  his  grand- 
father, that  in  some  of  the  quiet  towns  of  the 
north  of  England,  in  Durham  and  Yorkshire, 
there  was  the  greatest  eagerness    to   purchase 
from  the  street-sellers  any  paper  relative  to  the 
progress  of  the  forces  under  Charles  Edward 
Stuart,  in  1745.     This  was  especially  the  case 
when  it  became  known  that  the  "rebels"  had 
gained  possession  of  Carlisle,  and   it  was  un- 
certain what  might  be  their  route  southward. 
About  the  period  of  the  "  affair  of  the  '45," 
and  in  the  autumn  following  the  decisive  battle 
of  Culloden  (in  April,   1746),  the   "  Northern 
Lights"   were   more  than  usually  brilliant,  or 
more  than  usually  remarked,  and  a  meteor  or 
two  had  been  seen.    The  street- sellers  were  then 
to  be  found  in  fairs  and  markets,  vending  won- 
derful accounts  of  these  wonderful  phenomena. 
I  have  already  alluded  to  the  character  of 
the   old  mountebank,    and    to    his   "  pompous 
orations,"  having  "as little  regard  to  truth  as  to 
propriety."     There  certainly  is  little  pompous- 
ness   in   the    announcements   of  the  patterers, 
though  in  their  general  disregard  of  truth  they 
resemble     those     of    the    mountebank.      The 
mountebank,  however,    addressed  his  audience 
from  a  stage,  and  made  his  address  attractive 
by   mixing   up   with    it    music,    dancing,    and 
tumbling ;    sometimes,    also,    equestrianism    on 
the  green  of  a  village ;    and  by  having  always 
the  services  of  a  merry-andrew,  or  clown.     The 
nostrums  of  these  quacks  were  all  as  unequalled 
for  cheapness  as  for  infallibility,  and  their  im- 
pudence and  coolness  ensured  success.     Their 
practices  are  as  well  exposed  in  some  of  the 
Spectators  of  1711-12  as  the  puppet-playing  of 
Powel   was   good-humouredly   ridiculed.     One 
tspecial  instance  is  cited,  where  a  mountebank, 
announcing  himself  a  native  of  Hammersmith, 
where  he  was  holding  forth,  offered  to  make  a 
present  of  5s.  to  every  brother  unlive  of  Ham- 
mersmith among   his  audience.     The  mounte- 
bank then  drew  from  a  long  bag  a  handful  ol 
little  packets,  each  of  which,  he  informed  the 
spectators,  was  constantly  sold  for  5s.  6rf.,  bul 
that  out  of  love  to  his  native  hamlet  he  would 
bate  the  odd  5s.  to  every  inhabitant  of  the  place 
The  whole  assembly  immediately   closed  with 
his  generous  offer." 

There  is  a  scene  in  Moncrieff's  popular  farce 
of  "Rochester,"  where  the  hero  personates  a 
mountebank,  which  may  be  here  cited  as  afford- 
ing a  good  idea  of  the  "  pompous  orations"  in- 
dulged in  by  the  street  orators  in  days  of  yore : 


"  Silence  tnere,  and  hear  me,  for  my  froids  are  mor« 
recious  tfcan  gold ;  I  am  the  renowned  and  far-famed 
)octor  Paracelsus  Bombastes  Esculspus  Galen  dam 
lumbug  von  QuacK,  member  of  all  the  colleges  under 
he  Moon:  M.D.,  L.M.D.,  F.R.S.,  L.L.I).,  A.S.S.— 
nd  all  the  rest  of  the  letters  in  the  alphabet :  I  am  the 
eventh  son  of  a  seventh  son — kill  or  cure  is  my  motto 

— and  I  always  do  it ;  1  cured  the  great  Emperor  of 
fova  Scotia,  of  a  polypus,  after  he  had  been  given  over 
»y  all  the  faculty— he  lay  to  all  appearance  dead  :  the 
Irst  pill  he  took,  he  opened  his  eyes ;  the  second,  he 
aited  his  head;  and  the  third,  he  jumped  up  and 
"anced  a  hornpipe.  I  don't  want  to  sound  my  own 
•raise — blow  the  trumpet,  Balaam  (Balaam  blmcs 
rumpet) ;  but  I  tapped  the  great  Cham  of  Tartary  at  a 
itting,  of  a  terrible  dropsy,  so  that  I  didn't  leave  a 

drop  in  him !    I  cure  the  palsy,  the  dropsy,  the  lunacy, 

and  all  the  sighs,  without  costing  anybody  a  sigh ; 

vertigo,  pertigo,  lumbago,  and  all  the  other  go's  are 
ure  to  go,  whenever  I  come." 

In  his  unscrupulousness  and  boldness  in  street 
innouncements,  and  sometimes  in  his  humour 
and  satire,  we  find  the  patterer  of  the  present 
day  to  be  the  mountebank  of  old  descended  from 
us  platform  into  the  streets — but  without  his 
music,  his  clown,  or  his  dress. 

There  was  formerly,  also,  another  class,  dif- 
fering little  from  the  habits  of  that  variety  of 
patterers  of  the  present  day  who  "busk"  it,  or 
'  work  the  public-houses." 

"  The  jestours,"  says  Mr.  Strutt,  in  his  "  Sports  and 
Pastimes  of  the  People  of  Eii^and,"  "  or,  as  the  word 
is  often  written  in  the  old  English  dialect,  'gesters,' 
were  the  reluters  of  the  gestes,  that  is,  the  actions  of 
famous  persons,  whether  fabulous  or  real ;  and  these 
stories  were  of  two  kinds,  the  one  to  excite  pity,  and 
the  other  to  move  laughter,  as  we  learn  from  Chaucer: 

4  And  jestours  that  tellen  tales, 
Both  of  wepying  and  of  game.' 

The  tales  of  'game,'  as  the  poet  expresses  himself 
were  short  jocular  stories  calculated  to  promote  mer- 
riment, in  which  the  reciters  paid  little  respect  to  ihe 
claims  of  propriety  or  even  of  common  decency.  The 
tales  of  •  game,'  however,  were  much  more  popular 
th:m  those  of  weeping,  and  probably  for  the  very 
reason  that  ought  to  have  operated  the  most  power- 
fully for  their  suppression.  The  gestours,  whose 
powers  were  chiefly  employed  in  the  hours  of  convivi- 
ality, finding  by  experience  that  lessons  of  instruction 
•were  much  less  seasonable  at  such  times,  than  idle  tales 
productive  of  mirth  and  laughter,  accommodated  their 
narrations  to  the  general  taste  of  the  times,  regard- 
less of  the  mischiefs  they  occasioned  by  vitiating  the 
morals  of  their  hearers.  Hence  it  is  that  the  author 
of  the  '  Vision  of  Pierce  the  Ploughman '  calls  them 
contemptibly  '  japers  and  juglers,  and  janglers  of 
gests."  He  describes  them  as  haunters  of  taverns  and 
common  ale-houses,  amusing  the  lower  classes  of  the 
people  with  '  myrth  of  minstrelsy  and  losels*  tales,' 
(loose  vulgar  tales,)  and  calls  them  tale-tellers  and 
1  tutelers  in  ydell, '(tutors  of  idleness,  Joccasioning  their 
auditory,  'for  love  of  tales,  in  taverncs  to  drink,' 
wbere  they  learned  from  them  to  jangle  and  to  jape, 
instead  of  attending  to  their  more  serious  duties. 

"The  japers,  I  apprehend,  were  the  same  as  the 
bourtiours,  or  ryhauders,  an  inferior  class  of  min- 
strels, and  properly  called  jesters  in  the  modern  ac- 
ceptation of  the  word ;  whose  wit,  like  that  of  the 
merry-andrews  of  the  present  day  (180")  consisted  in 
low  obscenity  accompanied  with  ludicrous  gesticula- 
tion. They  sometimes,  however,  found  admission  into 
the  houses  of  the  opulent  Knighton,  indeed,  men- 
tions one  of  these  japere  who  was  a  favourite  in  the 
English  court,  and  could  obtain  any  grant  from  the 
king  '  a  burdando,'  that  is,  by  jesting.  They  are  well 
described  by  the  poet : 

'As  japers  and  janglers,  Juda*'  chyldren, 
Fayneth  them  fantasies,  and  fooles  them  makcth." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


231 


"  It  was  a  very  common  and  a  very  favourite  amuse- 
ment, so  late  as  the  16th  century,  to  hear  the  recital  of 
verses  and  moral  speeches,  learned  for  that  purpose 
by  a  set  of  men  who  obtained  their  livelihood  thereby, 
and  who,  without  ceremony,  intruded  themselves,  not 
only  into  taverns  and  other  places  of  public  resort,  but 
also  into  the  houses  of  the  nobility  " 

The  resemblance  of  the  modern  patterer  to 
the  classes  above  mentioned  will  be  seen  when  I 
describe  the  public-house  actor  and  reciter  of 
the  present  day,  as  well  as  the  standing  patterer, 
who  does  not  differ  so  much  from  the  running 
patterer  in  the  quality  of  his  announcements,  as 
in  his  requiring  more  time  to  make  an  impres- 
sion, and  being  indeed  a  sort  of  lecturer  needing 
an  audience ;  also  of  the  present  reciters  "  of 
verses  and  moral  speeches."  But  of  these  curious 
classes  I  shall  proceed  to  treat  separately. 

OF  THE  HABITS,  OPINIONS,  MORALS,  AND 

RELIGION  OF  PATTERERS  GENERALLY. 
IN  order  that  I  might  omit  nothing  which  will 
give  the  student  of  that  curious  phase  of  London 
life  in  London  streets  —  the  condition  of  the 
patterers — a  clear  understanding  of  the  subject, 
I  procured  the  following  account  from  an  edu- 
cated gentleman  (who  has  been  before  alluded 
to  in  this  work),  and  as  he  had  been  driven  to 
live  among  the  cUss  he  describes,  and  to  sup- 
port himself  by  street-selling,  his  remarks  have 
of  course  all  the  weight  due  to  personal  experi- 
ence, as  well  as  to  close  observation : — 

"  If  there  is  any  truth  in  phrenology,"  writes 
the  gentleman  in  question,  "  the  patterers — to 
a  man — are  very  large  in  the  organ  of  '  self- 
.'  fiojn  which  suggestion  an  enquiry 
arises,  viz.,  whether  they  possess  that  of  which 
they  may  justly  pique  themselves.  To  arrive  at 
truth  about  the  patterers  is  very  difficult,  and 
indeed  the  persons  with  whom  they  live  are 
often  quite  in  the  dark  about  the  history,  or  in 
some  cases  the  pursuits  of  their  lodgers. 

"  I  think  that  the  patterers  may  be  divided  into 
three  classes.  First, — those  who  were  well  born 
and  brought  up.  Secondly,  —  those  whose 
parents  have  been  dissipated  and  gave  them 
little  education.  Thirdly, — those  who — what- 
ever their  early  history — will  not  be  or  do  any- 
tmt  what  is  of  an  itinerant  character.  I 
fc!i:iil  take  a  glance  at  the  first  of  these  classes, 
presupposing  that  they  were  cradled  in  the  lap 
of  indulgence,  and  trained  to  science  and  virtue. 

"  If  these  people  take  to  the  streets,  they  be- 
come, with  here  and  there  an  exception,  the 
most  reprobate  and  the  least  ruclaimahlc.  I  was 
once  the  inmate  of  a  lodging-house,  in  which 
'  re  were  at  one  time  live  Ui. 
three  sur^on*,  and  several  sorts  of  broken-down 
clerks,  or  of  other  professional  r  gene- 

ral habits  were  demoralised  to  the  last  degree — 
their  oaths  more  horrid,  extravagant,  and  far- 

:   than  anything  I  ever  heard :   tli- 

stupid  in   logic,  but  very  original   in  ob 

I'.ihlc,  or  i>« 

its  passages  to  extenuate  fraud,  t<> 
lence,  or  construct  for  themselves  t-ivuses  for 
incontinence   and   imposition.      It   will   appear 


strange  that  these  educated  persons,  when  they 
turn  out  upon  the  street,  generally  sell  articles 
which  have  no  connection  with  literature,  and 
very  little  with  art  The  two  brothers,  who  sell 
that  wonder-working  paste  which  removes  grease 
from  the  outside  of  your  collar  by  driving  it 
further  in,  were  both  scholars  of  Christ's  Hos- 
pital. They  were  second  Grecians,  and  might 
have  gone  to  college ;  but  several  visits  to  sub- 
urban fairs,  and  their  accompanying  scenes  of 
debauch,  gave  them  a  penchant  for  a  vagabond 
life,  and  they  will  probably  never  relinquish  it. 
The  very  tall  man — there  are  several  others — 
who  sells  razors  and  paste  on  a  red  pagoda-look- 
ing stall,  was  apprenticed  to  a  surgeon  in  Col- 
chester, with  a  premium  of  300  guineas  ;  and 
the  little  dark-visaged  man,  who  sells  children's 
money-boxes  and  traps  to  catch  vermin,  is  the 
son  of  a  late  upholsterer  in  Bath,  who  was  also 
a  magistrate  of  that  city.  The  poor  man  alluded 
to  was  a  law-student,  and  kept  two  terms  in 
Trinity  Hall,  Cambridge.  Many  similar  cases 
might  be  mentioned  —  cases  founded  on  real 
observation  and  experience.  Some  light  may  be 
thrown  upon  this  subject  by  pointing  out  the 
modus  operandi  by  which  a  friend  of  mine  got 
initiated  into  the  '  art  and  mystery  of  patterism.' 
'  I  had  lived,'  he  said,  '  more  than  a  year  among 
the  tradesmen  and  tramps,  who  herd  promis- 
cuously together  in  low  lodging-houses.  One 
afternoon  I  was  taking  tea  at  the  same  table 
with  a  brace  of  patterers.  They  eyed  me  with 
suspicion ;  but,  determined  to  know  their  pro- 
ceedings, I  launched  out  the  only  cant  word  I 
had  then  learned.  They  spoke  of  going  to 
Chatham.  Of  course,  I  knew  the  place,  and 
asked  them,  "Where  do  you  stall  to  in  the 
huey  ? "  which,  fairly  translated,  means, "  Where 
do  you  lodge  in  the  town  ?"  Convinced  that  I 
was  "  fly,"  one  of  them  said,  "  We  drop  the  main 
toper  (go  off  the  main  road)  and  slink  into 
the  crib  (house)  in  the  back  drum  (street)." 
After  some  altercation  with  the  "mot"  of  the 
"  ken  "  (mistress  of  the  lodging-house)  about  the 
cleanliness  of  a  knife  or  fork,  my  new  acquaint- 
ance began  to  arrange  "  ground,"  &c.,  for  the 
night's  work.  I  got  into  their  confidence  by 
degrees  ;  and  I  give  below  a  vocabulary  of  theil 
talk  to  each  other :' 

Word.  Meaning. 

Crabshells Shoes. 

Kit,- Paper. 

Nettt Varieties. 

Sticky Wax. 

Toff Gentleman. 

••I; Lady. 

Cinni.tti-r Minister. 

Crocus Doctor. 

lllttff \n  excuse. 

Insane. 

I  i.L' A  shirt. 

Smeeih A  shift. 

hag A  woman. 

A  wife. 

A  lie. 

Ttvitt  A  shilling 


232 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Bull A  crown. 

Flag An  apron. 

"  The  cant  or  slang  of  the  patterer  is  not  the 
cant  of  the  costermonger,  b  t  a  system  of  their 
own.  As  in  the  case  of  ttie  costers,  it  is  so 
interlarded  with  their  general  remarks,  while 
their  ordinary  language  is  so  smothered  and 
subdued,  that  unless  when  they  are  profession- 
ally engaged  and  talking  of  their  wares,  they 
might  almost  pass  for  foreigners. 

"  There  can  be  no  doubt,"  continues  my 
informant,  "  that  the  second  class  of  street- 
patterers,  to  whom  nature,  or  parents,  or  cir- 
cumstances have  been  unpropitious,  are  the 
most  moral,  and  have  a  greater  sense  of  right 
and  wrong,  with  a  quicksightedness  about  hu- 
mane and  generous  things,  to  which  the  '  aris- 
tocratic '  patterer  is  a  stranger.  Of  the  dealers 
in  useful  or  harmless  wares — although,  of  course, 
they  use  allowable  exaggeration  as  to  the  good- 
ness of  the  article— many  are  devout  communi- 
cants at  church,  or  members  of  dissenting  bodies ; 
while  others  are  as  careless  about  religion,  and 
are  still  to  be  found  once  or  twice  a  week  in  the 
lecture-rooms  of  the  Mechanics'  Institute  nearest 
to  their  residence.  Orchard-street,  Westminster, 
is  a  great  locality  for  this  sort  of  patterers. 
Three  well-known  characters, —  Bristol  George, 
Corporal  Casey,  and  Jemmy  the  Rake,  with  a 
very  respectable  and  highly-informed  man  called 
'  Grocer,'  from  his  having  been  apprenticed  to 
that  business, — have  maintained  a  character  for 
great  integrity  among  the  neighbours  for  many 
years. 

"  I  come  now  to  the  third  class  of  patterers, — 
those  who,  whatever  their  early  pursuits  and 
pleasures,  have  manifested  a  predilection  for 
vagrancy,  and  neither  can  nor  will  settle  to  any 
ordinary  calling.  There  is  now  on  the  streets  a 
man  scarcely  thirty  years  old,  conspicuous  by 
the  misfortune  of  a  sabre-wound  on  the  cheek. 
He  is  a  native  of  the  Isle  of  Man.  His  father 
was  a  captain  in  the  Buffs,  and  himself  a  com- 
missioned officer  at  seventeen.  He  left  the 
army,  designing  to  marry  and  open  a  boarding- 
school.  The  young  lady  to  whom  he  was  be- 
trothed died,  and  that  event  might  affect  his 
mind ;  at  any  rate,  he  has  had  38  situations 
in  a  dozen  years,  and  will  not  keep  one  a 
week.  He  has  a  mortal  antipathy  to  good 
clothes,  and  will  not  keep  them  one  hour. 
He  sells  anything — chiefly  needle-cases.  He 
'  patters '  very  little  in  a  main  drag  (public 
street) ;  but  in  the  little  private  streets  he 
preaches  an  outline  of  his  life,  and  makes  no 
secret  of  his  wandering  propensity.  His  aged 
mother,  who  still  lives,  pays  his  lodgings  in  Old 
Pye- street 

"  From  the  hasty  glance  I  have  taken  at  the 
natterers,  any  well- constructed  mind  may  de- 
duce the  following  inference:  because  a  great 
amount  of  intelligence  sometimes  consists  with 
a  great  want  of  principle,  that  no  education,  or 
mis-education,  leaves  man,  like  a  reed  floating 
on  the  stnam  of  time,  to  follow  every  direction 
which  the  current  of  affairs  may  give  him. 


"  There  is  yet  another  and  a  larger  ol  asp,  who 
are  wanderers  from  choice, — who  would  rather  be 
street-orators,  and  quacks,  and  performers,  than 
anything  else  in  the  world.  In  nine  cases  out 
of  ten,  the  street-patterers  are  persons  of  intem- 
perate habits,  no  veracity,  and  destitute  of  any 
desire  to  improve  their  condition,  even  where 
they  have  the  chance.  One  of  this  crew  was 
lately  engaged  at  a  bazaar ;  he  had  18s.  a  week, 
and  his  only  work  was  to  walk  up  and  down 
and  extol  the  articles  exhibited.  This  was  too 
monotonous  a  life ;  I  happened  to  pass  him  by 
as  he  was  taking  his  wages  for  the  week,  and 
heard  him  say,  '  I  shall  cut  this  b — y  work  ;  I 
can  earn  more  on  the  streets,  and  be  my  own 
master.'  " 

It  would  be  a  mistake  to  suppose  that  the 
patterers,  although  a  vagrant,  are  a  disorganized 
class.  There  is  a  telegraphic  dispatch  between 
them,  through  the  length  and  breadth  of  the 
land.  If  two  patterers  (previously  unac- 
quainted) meet  in  the  provinces,  the  following, 
or  something  like  it,  will  be  their  conversation  : 
— "  Can  you  '  voker  romeny '  (can  you  speak 
cant)  ?  What  is  your  '  monekeer  '  (name)  ?  " 
— Perhaps  it  turns  out  that  one  is  "  White- 
headed  Bob,"  and  the  other  "  Plymouth  Ned." 
They  have  a  "  shant  of  gatter  "  (pot  of  beer)  at 
the  nearest  "  boozing  ken "  (ale-house),  and 
swear  eternal  friendship  to  each  other.  The  old 
saying,  that  "  When  the  liquor  is  in,  the  wit  is 
out,"  is  remarkably  fulfilled  on  these  occa- 
sions, for  they  betray  to  the  "flatties"  (natives) 
all  their  profits  and  proceedings. 

It  is  to  be  supposed  that,  in  country  districts, 
where  there  are  no  streets,  the  patterer  is  obliged 
to  call  at  the  houses.  As  they  are  mostly 
without  the  hawker's  licence,  and  sometimes 
find  wet  linen  before  it  is  lost,  the  rural  districts 
are  not  fond  of  their  visits ;  and  there  are  gene- 
rally two  or  three  persons  in  a  village  reported 
to  be  "gammy,"  that  is  (unfavourable).  If  a 
patterer  has  been  "  crabbed,"  that  is  (offended) 
at  any  of  the  "  cribbs "  (houses),  he  mostly 
chalks  a  signal  on  or  near  the  door.  I  give  one 
or  two  instances : 

^  "  Bone,"  meaning  good. 

V  "  Cooper'd,"  spoiled  by  the  imprudence 
of  some  other  patterer. 

O  "  Gammy,"  likely  to  have  you  taken  up. 

©  "  Flummut,"  sure  of  a  month  in  quod. 

In  most  lodging-houses  there  is  an  old  man 
who  is  the  guide  to  every  "  walk "  in  the 
vicinity,  and  who  can  tell  every  house,  on  every 
round,  that  is  "  good  for  a  cold  'tater."  In 
many  cases  there  is  over  the  kitchen  mantle- 
piece  a  map  of  the  district,  dotted  here  and 
there  with  memorandums  of  failure  or  success. 

Patterers  are  fond  of  carving  their  names  and 
avocations  about  the  houses  they  visit.  The 
old  jail  at  Dartford  has  been  some  years  a 
"  padding-ken."  In  one  of  the  rooms  appears 
the  following  autographs : 

"  Jemmy,  the  Rake,  bound  to  Bristol ;  bad 
beds,  but  no  bugs.  Thank  God  for  all  things." 

"  Razor  George  and  his  moll  slept  here  tho 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


233 


day   afore  Christmas;  just  out  of  'stir'  (jail), 
for    muzzling  a  peeler.'  " 

"  Scotch  Mary,  with  '  driz '  (lace),  bound  to 
Dover  and  back,  please  God." 

Sometimes  these  inscriptions  are  coarse  and 
obscene;  sometimes  very  well  written  and 
orderly.  Nor  do  they  want  illustrations. 

At  the  old  factory,  Lincoln,  is  a  portrait  of 
the  town  beadle,  formerly  a  soldier ;  it  is  drawn 
with  different- coloured  chalks,  and  ends  with 
the  following  couplet : 

"  You  are  a  B  for  false  swearing, 
In  hell  they'll  roast  you  like  a  herring." 

Concubinage  is  very  common  among  pat- 
terers,  especially  on  their  travels;  they  have 
their  regular  rounds,  and  call  the  peregrination 
"  going  on  circuit."  For  the  most  part  they 
are  early  risers ;  this  gives  them  a  facility  for 
meeting  poor  girls  who  have  had  a  night's 
shelter  in  the  union  workhouses.  They  offer 
such  girls  some  refreshment, — swear  they  are 
single  men,  —  and  promise  comforts  certainly 
superior  to  the  immediate  position  of  their 
victims.  Consent  is  generally  obtained;  per- 
haps a  girl  of  14  or  15,  previously  virtuous,  is 
induced  to  believe  in  a  promise  of  constant  pro- 
tection, but  finds  herself,  the  next  morning, 
ruined  and  deserted ;  nor  is  it  unlikely  that, 
within  a  month  or  two,  she  will  see  her  seducer 
in  the  company  of  a  dozen  incidental  wives.  A 
gray-headed  miscreant  called  "Cutler  Tom" 
boasts  of  500  such  exploits;  and  there  is  too 
great  reason  to  believe  that  the  picture  of  his 
own  drawing  is  not  greatly  overcharged. 

Some  of  the  patterers  are  married  men,  but 
of  this  class  very  few  are  faithful  to  the  solemn 
obligation.  I  have  heard  of  a  renowned  pat- 
terer  of  this  class  who  was  married  to  four 
women,  and  had  lived  in  criminal  intercourse 
with  his  own  sister,  and  his  own  daughter  by 
one  of  the  wives.  This  sad  rule  has,  however, 
I  am  happy  to  state,  some  splendid  exceptions. 
There  is  a  man  called  "Andy" — well  known  as 
the  companion  of  "Hopping  Ned;"  this"  Andy" 
has  a  wife  of  great  personal  attractions,  a  splen- 
did figure,  and  teeth  without  a  parallel.  She  is 
'.y-virtuous  woman,  a  most  devoted  wife, 
:uier  mother  ;  very  charitable  to  any  one 
in  want  of  a  meal,  and  very  constant  (she  is  a 
Catholic)  in  her  religious  duties.  Another  MUM 
of  the  same  school,  whose  name  has  escaped  inr, 
is,  with  his  wife,  .v  n  to  the  stigma  on 

almost  the  whole  class ;  the  couple  in  question 
have   no  children.      The  wife,  whose  name  is 
Maria,  has  been  in  every  hospital  for  som> 
plaint  in   her   knees,  probably  white  swelling  : 
her  beauty  »\  of  applause,  and  whrn- 

••  opens  her  mouth  silence  pervaii 
"  pad<: 

.uid    mathematic 

has  been    masculine   and   extensive,    and    the 
whisper  of  calumny  has  never  yet  attack 
own  demeanour  or  her  husband's. 

ay  are 

•try ;  sending  th«m  to  Day  ai 
day-schools,  causing  them  to  say  grace  before 


and  after  meals,  to  attend  public  worship,  and 
always  to  speak  the  truth :  these,  instances,  bow- 
ever,  stand  in  fearful  contrast  with  the  conduct 
of  other  parents. 

"  I  have  seen,"  proceeds  my  reverend  in- 
formant, "  fathers  and  mothers  place  their  boys 
and  girls  in  positions  of  incipient  enormity,  and 
command  them  to  use  language  and  gestures  to 
each  other,  which  would  make  an  harlot  blush, 
and  almost  a  heathen  tremble.  I  have  hitherto 
viewed  the  patterer  as  a  salesman, —  having 
something  in  his  hand,  on  whose  merits,  real  or 
pretended,  he  talks  people  out  of  their  money 
By  slow  degrees  prosperity  rises,  but  rapid  is 
the  advance  of  evil.  The  patterer  sometimes 
gets  '  out  of  stock,'  and  is  obliged,  at  no  great 
sacrifice  of  conscience,  to  '  patter '  in  another 
strain.  In  every  large  town  sham  official  docu- 
ments, with  crests,  seals,  and  signatures,  can  be 
got  for  half-a-crown.  Armed  with  these,  the 
patterer  becomes  a  '  lurker,' — that  is,  an  im- 
postor ;  his  papers  certify  any  and  every  '  ill 
that  flesh  is  heir  to.'  Shipwreck  is  called  a 
'  shake  lurk ;'  loss  by  fire  is  a  '  glim.'  Some- 
times the  petitioner  has  had  a  horse,  which  has 
dropped  dead  with  the  mad  staggers ;  or  has  a 
wife  ill  or  dying,  and  six  or  seven  children  at 
once  sickening  of  the  small-pox.  Children  are 
borrowed  to  support  the  appearance ;  the  case 
is  certified  by  the  minister  and  churchwardens 
of  a  parish  which  exists  only  in  imagination ; 
and  as  many  people  dislike  the  trouble  of  in- 
vestigation, the  patterer  gets  enough  to  raise  a 
stock  in  trade,  and  divides  the  spoil  between  the 
swag-shop  and  the  gin-palace.  Sometimes  they 
are  detected,  and  get  a  '  drag'  (three  months  in 
prison).  They  have  many  narrow  escapes :  one 
occurs  to  me,  of  a  somewhat  ludicrous  character. 
A  patterer  and  lurker  (now  dead)  known  by  the 
name  of  '  Captain  Moody,'  unable  to  get  a  '  fake- 
ment '  written  or  printed,  was  standing  almost 
naked  in  the  streets  of  a  neighbouring  town. 
A  gentleman  slood  stiU  and  heard  his  piteous 
tale,  but  having  been  '  done '  more  than  once, 
he  resolved  to  examine  the  affair,  and  begged  the 
petitioner  to  conduct  him  to  his  wife  and  chil- 
dren, who  were  in  a  garret  on  a  bed  of  languish- 
ing, with  neither  clothes,  food,  nor  fire,  but.  it 
appeared,  with  faith  enough  to  expect  a  supply 
froMi  '  Him  who  feedeth  the  ravens,'  and  in 
whose  sacred  name  even  a  cold  'later  was  im- 
plored. The  patterer,  or  half-patterer  and  half- 
beggar,  took  the  gentleman  (who  promised  a 
tiling  was  squared  through 

innumi-rahlc  and  intrieate  windings,  till  he  came 
to  an  outhouse  or  sort  of  stable.  He  saw  the 
key  outside  the  door,  and  helped  the  ^entleman 

and  wait  till  he  borrowed  a  li^ht  of  a 
neighbour,  to  show  him  up-stairs.  The  illumi- 
nation never  arrived,  and  the  poor  charitable 

nid   that  the   miscreant    had    loeked    him 
into  the  stable.      The  Oft) 
ding- ken,—  told  t!  h  great  glee,  and 

t  locality  within  an  hour  of  the  occur- 

K  the  mendicancy  and  vagrancy  of 


234 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


patterers,  I  shall  have  more  to  say  when  I  speak 
of  vagrancy  in  general,  and  when  I  describe  the 
general  state  and  characteristics  of  the  low  lodg- 
ing-houses in  London,  and  those  in  the  country, 
which  are  in  intimate  connection  with  the  me- 
tropolitan ahodes  of  the  vagrant  My  present 
theme  is  the  London  patterer,  who  is  also  a 
street- seller.] 

OF  THE  PUBLISHERS  AND  AUTHORS  OP 
STREET-LITERATURE. 

THE  best  known,  and  the  most  successful  printer 
and  publisher  of  all  who  have  directed  their 
industry  to  supply  the  "  paper"  in  demand  for 
street  sale,  and  in  every  department  of  street 
literature,  was  the  late  "Jemmy  Catnach,"  who 
is  said  to  have  amassed  upwards  of  10,OOOJ.  in 
the  business.  He  is  reported  to  have  made  the 
greater  part  of  this  sum  during  the  trial  of 
Queen  Caroline,  by  the  sale  of  whole -sheet 
"  papers,"  descriptive  of  the  trial,  and  embel- 
lished with  "  splendid  illustrations."  The  next 
to  Catnach  stood  the  late  "  Tommy  Pitt,"  of  the 
noted  toy  and  marble-warehouse.  These  two 
parties  were  the  Colburn  and  Bentley  of  the 
"  paper"  trade.  Catnach  retired  from  business 
some  years  ago,  and  resided  in  a  country-house 
at  Barnet,  but  he  did  not  long  survive  his  retire- 
ment "  He  was  an  out  and  out  sort,"  said  one 
old  paper- worker  to  me,  "  and  if  he  knew  you — 
and  he  could  judge  according  to  the  school  you 
belonged  to,  if  he  hadn't  known  you  long — he 
was  friendly  for  a  bob  or  two,  and  sometimes 
for  a  glass.  He  knew  the  men  that  was  stickers 
though,  and  there  was  no  glass  for  them.  Why, 
some  of  his  customers,  sir,  would  have  stuck  to 
him  long  enough,  if  there' d  been  a  chance  of 
another  glass — supposing  they'd  managed  to  get 
one — and  then  would  have  asked  him  for  a  coach 
home !  When  I  called  on  him,  he  used  to  say, 
in  his  north  country  way  —  he  wasn't  Scotch, 
but  somewhere  north  of  England — and  he  was 
pleasant  with  it,  '  Well,  d —  you,  how  are  you?' 
He  got  the  cream  of  the  pail,  sir." 

The  present  street  literature  printers  and  pub- 
ishers  are,  Mrs.  Ryle  (Catnach's  niece  and 
successor),  Mr.  Birt,  and  Mr.  Paul  (formerly 
with  Catnach),  all  of  the  Seven  Dials;  Mr. 
Powell  (formerly  of  Lloyd's-),  Brick-lane,  White- 
chapel  ;  and  Mr.  Good,  Aylesbury-street,  Clerk- 
enwell.  Mr.  Phairs,  of  Westminster ;  Mr.  Tay- 
lor, of  the  Waterloo-road ;  and  Mr.  Shacp,  of 
Kent-street,  Borough,  have  discontinued  street 
printing.  One  man  greatly  regretted  Mr.  Tay- 
lor's discontinuing  the  business  ;  "  he  was  so 
handy  for  the  New-cut,  when  it  was  the  New- 
cut"  Some  classes  of  patterers,  I  may  here 
observe,  work  in  "  schools"  or  "mobs"  of  two, 
three,  or  four,  as  I  shall  afterwards  show. 

The  authors  and  poets  who  give  its  peculiar 
literature,  alike  in  prose  or  rhyme,  to  the  streets, 
are  now  six  in  number.  They  are  all  in  some 
capacity  or  other  connected  with  street-patter  or 
scng,  and  the  way  in  which  a  narrative  or  a. 
*'  copy  of  w?r«€s"  is  prepared  for  press  is  usually 


this  : — The  leading  members  of  the  "  schools," 
some  of  whom  refer  regularly  to  the  evening 
papers,  when  they  hear  of  any  out-of-the-way 
occurrence,  resort  to  the  printer  and  desire  its 
publication  in  a  style  proper  for  the  streets. 
This  is  usually  done  very  speedily,  the  school 
(or  the  majority  of  them)  and  the  printer  agree- 
ing upon  the  author.  Sometimes  an  author 
will  voluntarily  prepare  a  piece  of  street  litera- 
ture and  submit  it  to  a  publisher,  who,  as  in 
the  case  of  other  publishers,  accepts  or  declines, 
as  he  believes  the  production  will  or  will  not 
prove  remunerative.  Sometimes  the  school 
carry  the  manuscript  with  them  to  the  printer, 
and  undertake  to  buy  a  certain  quantity,  to 
insure  publication.  The  payment  to  the  author 
is  the  same  in  all  cases — a  shilling. 

Concerning  the  history  and  character  of  our 
street  and  public-house  literature,  I  shall  treat 
hereafter,  when  I  can  comprise  the  whole, 
and  after  the  descriptions  of  the  several  classes 
engaged  in  the  trade  will  have  paved  the  way 
for  the  reader's  better  appreciation  of  the 
curious  and  important  theme.  I  say,  impor- 
tant f  because  the  street-ballad  and  the  street- 
narrative,  like  all  popular  things,  have  their 
influence  on  masses  of  the  people.  Specimens 
will  be  found  adduced,  as  I  describe  the  several 
classes,  or  in  the  statements  of  the  patterers. 

It  must  be  borne  in  mind  that  the  street 
author  is  closely  restricted  in  the  quality  of  his 
effusion.  It  must  be  such  as  the  patterers  ap- 
prove, as  the  chaunters  can  chaunt,  the  ballad- 
singers  sing,  and— above  all — such  as  street- 
buyers  will  buy.  One  chaunter,  who  was  a  great 
admirer  of  the  "  Song  of  the  Shirt,"  told  me 
that  if  Hood  himself  had  written  the  "  Pitiful 
Case  of  Georgy  Sloan  and  his  Wife,"  it  would 
not  have  sold  so  well  as  a  ballad  he  handed  to 
me,  from  which  I  extract  a  verse  : 

"  Jane  Willbred  we  did  starve  and  beat  her  very  hard 

I  confess  we  used  her  very  cruel, 
But  now  in  a  jail  two  long  years  we  must  bewail, 
We  don't  fancy  mustard  in  the  gruel." 

What  I  have  said  of  tbo  necessity  which  con- 
trols street  authorship,  may  also  be  said  of  the 
art  which  is  sometimes  called  in  to  illustrate  it 

The  paper  now  published  for  the  streets  is 
classed  as  quarter  sheets,  which  cost  (wholesale) 
Is.  a  gross ;  half  sheets,  which  cost  2s. ;  and 
whole  or  broad  sheets  (such  as  for  executions), 
which  cost  3*.  6d.  a  gross  the  first  day,  and  3*. 
the  next  day  or  two,  and  afterwards,  but  only  if 
a  ream  be  taken,  5s.  6d. ;  a  ream  contains  forty 
dozen.  When  "  illustrated,"  the  charge  is  from 
3d.  to  Is.  per  ream  extra.  The  books,  for  such 
cases  as  the  Sloanes,  or  the  murder  of  Jael 
Denny,  are  given  in  books — which  are  best 
adapted  for  the  suburban  and  country  trade, 
when  London  is  "worked"  sufficiently — are  the 
"  whole  sheet"  printed  so  as  to  fold  into  eight 
pages,  each  side  of  the  paper  being  then,  of 
course,  printed  upon.  A  book  is  charged  from 
6d.  to  Is.  extra  (to  a  whole  sheet)  per  gross,  and 
afterwards  the  same  extra  per  ream. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


235 


OF  LONG  SONG-SELLERS. 

have  this  week  given  a  daguerreotype  of  a 
well-known  long- song  seller,  and  have  preferred 
to  give  it  as  the  trade,  especially  as  regards 
London,  has  all  but  disappeared,  and  it  was 
curious  enough.  "  Long  songs"  first  appeared 
between  nine  and  ten  years  ago. 

The  long-song  sellers  did  not  depend  upon 
patter — though  some  of  them  pattered  a  little — 
to  attract  customers,  but  on  the  veritable  cheap- 
ness and  novel  form  in  which  they  vended 
popular  songs,  printed  on  paper  rather  wider 
than  this  page,  "  three  songs  abreast,"  and  the 
paper  was  about  a  yard  long,  which  con- 
stituted the  "three"  yards  of  song.  Some- 
times three  slips  were  pasted  together.  The 
vendors  paraded  the  streets  with  their  "three 
yards  of  new  and  popular  songs  "  for  a  penny. 
The  songs  are,  or  were,  generally  fixed  to  the 
top  of  a  long  pole,  and  the  vendor  "cried" 
the  different  titles  as  he  went  along.  This 
branch  of  "  the  profession  "  is  confined  solely 
to  the  summer;  the  hands  in  winter  usually 
.aking  to  the  sale  of  song-books,  it  being  im- 
possible to  exhibit  "  the  three  yards  "  in  wet  or 
foggy  weather.  The  paper  songs,  as  they  flut- 
tered from  a  pole,  looked  at  a  little  distance 
like  huge  much-soiled  white  ribbons,  used  as 
streamers  to  celebrate  some  auspicious  news. 
The  cry  of  one  man,  in  a  sort  of  recitative,  or, 
as  I  heard  it  called  by  street- patterers,  "  sing- 
song," was,  "  Three  yards  a  penny !  Three  yards 
a  penny!  Beautiful  songs!  Newest  songs! 
Popular  Songs !  Three  yards  a  penny !  Song, 
song,  songs!"  Others,  however,  were  gene- 
rally content  to  announce  merely  "  Three  yards 
a  penny!"  One  cried  "  Two  under  fifty  a  fardy!" 
As  if  two  hundred  and  fifty  songs  were  to  be  sold 
for  a  farthing.  The  whole  number  of  songs  was 
about  v  afterwards  sold  at  a 

halfpenny,  but  were  shorter  and  fewer.  It  is 
probable  that  at  the  best  had  the  songs  been 
subjected  to  the  admeasurement  of  a  jury,  the 
result  might  have  been  as  little  satisfactory  as 
to  some  tradesmen  who,  however,  after  having 
been  detected  in  attempts  to  cheat  the  poor  in 
weights  and  scales,  and  to  cheat  them  hourly, 
are  still  "  good  men  and  true "  enough  to 
be  jurymen  and  parliamentary  electors.  The 
song*,  I  am  infor::  n  about  2J  yards, 

•>  to  paper  but  as  to  admeasurement  of 
onally,  at  first,  and  not 
often  less  than  2  yards. 

crying  of   the  titles  was  not  done  with 
her  design  than  that  of  ex 

-   "  tlit- 
small    charge  of  one    ;  "f   the 
rsed  with  would   ! 

t«>M    me   ' 
ie  following  sonp- 
and  he  belieifd  in  soni 

hut    he    1).  ^onjr    books, 

r  thinfr*.  lately,  And  might  50 

aid,  "  with  ting- 


ing, or  trying  to  sing,  for  I'm  no  vocalist,  tha 
first  few  words  of  any  song,  and  them  quite 
loud.  I'd  begin 

'  The  Pope  he  leads  a  happy  life, 
He  knows  no  care ' • 

'  Buffalo  gals,  come  out  to-night ; '  '  Death  of 
Nelson  ; '  The  gay  cavalier  ; '  '  Jim  along 
Josey;'  'There's  a  good  time  coming;' 
'  Drink  to  me  only  ; '  '  Kate  Kearney  ; ' 
'  Chuckaroo  -  choo,  choo  -  choo  -  choot  -  lah ; J 
*  Chockala  -  roony  -  ninkaping  -  nang  ; '  '  Paga  - 
daway-dusty-kanty-key ; '  '  Hottypie-gunnypo- 
china-coo'  (that's  a  Chinese  song,  sir);  'I 
dreamed  that  I  dwelt  in  marble  halls  ; '  *  The 
standard  bearer  : '  '  Just  like  love  ; '  '  Whistle 
o'er  the  lave  o't;'  'Widow  Mackree;'  'I've 
been  roaming ; '  '  Oh  !  that  kiss  ; '  '  The  old 
English  gentleman,'  &c.,  &c.  &c.  I  dares  say 
they  was  all  in  the  three  yards,  or  was  once,  and 
if  they  wasn't  there  was  others  as  good." 

The  chief  purchasers  of  the  "long  songs" 
were  boys  and  girls,  but  mostly  boys,  who  ex- 
pended Id.  or  %d.  for  the  curiosity  and  novelty 
of  the  thing,  as  the  songs  were  not  in  the  most 
readable  form.  A  few  working  people  bought 
them  for  their  children,  and  some  women  of  the 
town,  who  often  buy  anything  fantastic,  were 
also  customers. 

When  "  the  three  yards  was  at  their  best," 
the  number  selling  them  was  about  170;  the 
wholesale  charge  is  from  3d.  to  5d.  a  dozen, 
according  to  size.  The  profit  of  the  vendors  in 
the  first  instance  was  about  Sd.  a  dozen.  When 
the  trade  had  all  the  attractions  of  novelty, 
some  men  sold  ten  dozen  on  fine  days,  and  for 
three  or  four  of  the  summer  months ;  so  clear- 
ing between  6*.  and  7*.  a  day.  This,  however, 
was  not  an  average,  but  an  average  might  be 
at  first  21s.  a  week  profit.  I  am  assured  that 
if  twenty  persons  were  selling  long  songs  in  the 
street  last  summer  it  was  "  the  outside,"  as 
long  songs  are  now  "  for  fairs  and  races  and 
country  work."  Calculating  that  each  cleared 
9*.  in  a  week,  and  to  clear  that  took  1 5s.,  the. 
profit  being  smaller  than  it  used  to  be,  as 
many  must  be  sold  at  \d.  each — we  find  120/. 
expended  in  long  songs  in  the  streets.  The 
character  of  the  vendor  is  that  of  a  patterer  of 
inferior  genius. 

The  stock-money  required  is  \s.  to  '2s.;  whieh 
with  Id.  for  a  pole,  and  \<i.  for  paste,  is  all 
the  capital  needed.  Very  few  were  so.<i  in 
the  public-houses,  as  the  vendors  scrupled  to 
.  "  for  drunken  fellows  would 
snatch  them,  and  make  hells  of  them  for  a 
lark." 

OP  RUNNING  PATTERERS. 

Few  mis   in    London —hut  chiefly 

those  in  the    quieter    streets  —  ha\ 

•   frequently  in  the  evening,  by 
a   hurly-hiirly  on 
attenti  •    will    not   lead    any  o: 

*e    of    what    the    clamour    i* 

•nob  "    or   "  school  "    of 

the  running  nattcrrrs  (for  both   those  words  arc 


236 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


used),  and  consists  of  two,  three,  or  four  men. 
All  these  men  state  that  the  greater  the  noise 
they  make,  the  better  is  the  chance  of  sale,  and 
better  still  when  the  noise  is  on  each  side  of  a 
street,  for  it  appears  as  if  the  vendors  were 
proclaiming  such  interesting  or  important  intel- 
ligence, that  they  were  vicing  with  one  another 
who  should  supply  the  demand  which  must 
*nsue.  It  is  not  possible  to  ascertain  with  any 
certitude  what  the  patterers  are  so  anxious  to 
sell,  for  only  a  few  leading  words  are  audible. 
One  of  the  cleverest  of  running  patterers  re- 
peated to  me,  in  a  subdued  tone,  his  announce- 
ments of  murders.  The  words  "  Murder," 
"  Horrible,"  "  Barbarous,"  "  Love,"  "  Mys- 
terious," "  Former  Crimes,"  and  the  like, 
could  only  be  caught  by  the  ear,  but  there 
was  no  announcement  of  anything  like  "  par- 
ticulars." If,  however,  the  "  paper  "  relate 
to  any  well-known  criminal,  such  as  Rush, 
the  name  is  given  distinctly  enough,  and  so 
is  any  new  or  pretended  fact  The  running 
patterers  describe,  or  profess  to  describe,  the 
contents  of  their  papers  as  they  go  rapidly 
along,  and  they  seldom  or  ever  stand  still. 
They  usually  deal  in  murders,  seductions, 
crim.-cons.,  explosions,  alarming  accidents, 
"assassinations,"  deaths  of  public  characters, 
duels,  and  love-letters.  But  popular,  or  noto- 
rious, murders  are  the  "  great  goes."  The 
running  patterer  cares  less  than  other  street- 
sellers  for  bad  weather,  for  if  he  "work"  on 
a  wet  and  gloomy  evening,  and  if  the  work  be 
"a  cock,"  which  is  a  fictitious  statement  or 
even  a  pretended  fictitious  statement,  there  is 
the  less  chance  of  any  one  detecting  the  ruse. 
But  of  late  years  no  new  "cocks"  have 
been  printed,  excepting  for  temporary  pur- 
poses, such  as  I  have  specified  as  under  its 
appropriate  head  in  my  account  of  "  Death 
and  Fire- Hunters."  Among  the  old  stereo- 
typed "cocks"  are  love-letters.  One  is  well 
known  as  "  The  Husband  caught  in  a  Trap," 
and  being  in  an  epistolary  form  subserves  any 
purpose:  whether  it  be  the  patterer's  aim  to 
sell  the  "Love  Letters"  of  any  well-known 
person,  such  as  Lola  Monies,  or  to  fit  them 
for  a  local  (pretended)  scandal,  as  the  "  Let- 
ters from  a  Lady  in  this  neighbourhood  to  a 
Gentleman  not  100  miles  oft" 

Of  running  patterers  there  are  now  in  Lon- 
don from  80  to  100.  They  reside— some  in  their 
own  rooms,  but  the  majority  in  lodging-houses 
— in  or  near  Westminster,  St  Giles's,  White- 
chapel,  Stratford,  Deptford,  Wandsworth,  and 
the  Seven  Dials.  The  "  Dials,"  however,  is 
their  chief  locality,  being  the  residence  of  the 
longest-established  printers,  and  is  the  "  head 
meet"  of  the  fraternity. 

It  is  not  easy  to  specify  with  exactitude  the 
number  of  running  or  flying  patterers  at  any 
one  time  in  London.  Some  of  these  men  become, 
occasionally,  standing  patterers,  chaunters,  or 
ballad-singers — classes  I  shall  subsequently  de- 
scribe—  and  all  of  them  resort  at  intervals  to 
coumr)  roi>nd»  I  heard,  also,  many  complaints 


of  boys  having  of  late  "taken  to  the  running 
patter"  when  anything  attractive  was  before  the 
public,  and  of  ignorant  fellows— that  wouldn't 
have  thought  of  it  at  one  time — "  trying  their 
hands  at  it."  Waiving  these  exceptional  aug- 
mentations of  the  number,  I  will  take  the  body 
of  running  patterers,  generally  employed  in  theii 
peculiar  craft  in  London,  at  90.  To  ascertain 
their  earnings  presents  about  the  same  difficul- 
ties as  to  ascertain  their  number  ;  for  as  all  they 
earn  is  spent — no  patterer  ever  saving  money — 
they  themselves  are  hardly  able  to  tell  their 
incomes.  If  any  new  and  exciting  fact  be  before 
the  public,  these  men  may  each  clear  20s.  a 
week ;  when  there  is  no  such  fact,  they  may  nol 
earn  5s.  The  profit  is  contingent,  moreover,  upon 
their  being  able  to  obtain  Irf.,  or  only  \d.,  for 
their  paper.  Some  represented  their  average 
weekly  earnings  at  12s.  6d.  the  year  through  ; 
some  at  10s.  6d. ;  and  others  at  less  than  half  of 
12s.  6d.  Reckoning,  however,  that  only  9s. 
weekly  is  an  average  profit  per  individual,  and 
that  14s.  be  taken  to  realise  that  profit,  we  find 
3,2761.  expended  yearly  on  running  patterers  in 
London ;  but  in  that  sum  the  takings  of  the 
chaunters  must  be  included,  as  they  are  mem- 
bers of  the  same  fraternity,  and  work  with  the 
patterers. 

The  capital  required  to  commence  as  a  running 
patterer  is  but  the  price  of  a  few  papers — from 
"2d.  to  Is.  The  men  have  no  distinctive  dress: 
"  our  togs,"  said  one  of  them,  "is  in  the  latest 
fashion  of  Petticoat-lane;"  unless  on  the  very 
rare  occasions,  when  some  character  has  to  be 
personated,  and  then  coloured  papers  and  glazed 
calicoes  are  made  available.  But  this  is  only  a 


venture  of  the  old  hands. 


EXPERIENCE  or  A  RUNNING  PATTERER. 
FROM  a  running  patterer,  who  has  been 
familiar  with  the  trade  for  many  years,  I 
received,  upwards  of  a  twelvemonth  ago,  the 
following  statement  He  is  well  known  for  his 
humour,  and  is  a  leading  man  in  his  fraternity. 
After  some  conversation  about  "cocks,"  the 
most  popular  of  which,  my  informant  said,  was 
the  murder  at  Chigwell-row,  he  continued: 

"  That's  a  trump,  to  the  present  day.  Why, 
I'd  go  out  now,  sir,  with  a  dozen  of  Chigwell- 
rows,  and  earn  my  supper  in  half  an  hour  off  o» 
'em.  The  murder  of  Sarah  Holmes  at  Lincoln 
is  good,  too — that  there  has  been  worked  for  the 
last  five  year  successively  every  winter.  Poor 
Sarah  Holmes  !  Bless  her !  she  has  saved  me 
from  walking  the  streets  all  night  many  a  tune. 
Some  of  the  best  of  these  have  been  in  woik 
twenty  years — the  Scarborough  murder  has  full 
twenty  years.  It's  called  '  THE  SCARBOROUGH 
TRAGEDY.'  I've  worked  it  myself.  It's  about 
a  noble  and  rich  young  naval  officer  seducing  a 
poor  clergyman's  daughter.  She  is  confined  in 
a  ditch,  and  destroys  the  child.  She  is  taken  up 
for  it,  tried,  and  executed.  This  has  had  a  great 
run.  It  sells  all  round  the  country  places,  and 
would  sell  now  if  they  had  it  out  Mostly  all 
our  customeis  is  females.  They  are  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  A\D  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


237 


dependence  we  have.  The  Scarborough  Tra- 
gedy is  very  attractive.  It  draws  tears  to  the 
women's  eyes  to  think  that  a  poor  clergyman's 
daughter,  who  is  remarkably  beautiful,  should 
murder  her  own  child;  it's  very  touching  to 

feeling  heart.  There's  a  copy  of  verses 
with  it,  too.  Then  there's  the  Liverpool  Tra- 
gedy—that's very  attractive.  It's  a  mother 
murdering  her  own  son,  through  gold.  He  had 
come  from  the  East  Indies,  and  married  a  rich 
planter's  daughter.  He  came  back  to  England 
to  see  his  parents  after  an  absence  of  thirty 
years.  They  kept  a  lodging-house  in  Liverpool 
for  sailors ;  the  son  went  there  to  lodge,  and 
meant  to  tell  his  parents  who  he  was  in  the 
morning.  His  mother  saw  the  gold  he  had  got 
in  his  boxes,  and  cut  his  throat— severed  his 
head  from  his  body ;  the  old  man,  upwards  of 
Teventy  years  of  age,  holding  the  candle.  They 
had  put  a  washing-tub  under  the  bed  to  catch  his 
blood.  The  morning  after  the  murder,  the  old 
man's  daughter  calls  and  inquires  for  a  young 
man.  The  old  man  denies  that  they  have  had 
any  such  person  in  the  house.  She  says  he  had 
a  mole  on  his  arm,  in  the  shape  of  a  strawberry. 
The  old  couple  go  up- stairs  to  examine  the 
corpse,  and  find  they  have  murdered  their  own 
•on,  and  then  they  both  put  an  end  to  their 
existence.  This  is  a  deeper  tragedy  than  the 
Scarborough  Murder.  That  suits  young  people 
better ;  they  like  to  hear  about  the  young  woman 
being  seduced  by  the  naval  officer;  but  the 
mothers  take  more  to  the  Liverpool  Tragedy — 
it  suits  them  better.  Some  of  the  '  cocks '  were 
in  existence  long  before  ever  I  was  born  or 
thought  of.  The  '  Great  and  important  battle 
between  the  two  young  ladies  of  fortune,'  is 
what  we  calls  '  a  ripper.'  I  should  like  to  have 
that  there  put  down  correct,"  he  added,  "  'cause 
I've  taken  a  tidy  lot  of  money  out  of  it." 

My  informant,    who  had    been   upwards    of 

20  years  in  the  running  patter  line,  told  me 

that  he  commenced  his  career  with  the  "  Last 

Dying   Speech    and    Full    Confession  of  Wil- 

1  order."     He  was  sixteen  years  of  age, 

and    had    run    away   from   his   parents.      "  1 

worked  that  there,"  he  said,  "down  in  the  very 

town  (at   Bury)    where  he   was    executed.      I 

I    hatful    of    halfpence    at     that 

I  wouldn't  even  give  'em  seven  for  six- 

I    wouldn't.      A   gentleman's 

.c   out  and   wanted    half   a   dozen 

-  master  and  one  tor  himself  in.  and  I 
wouldn't  let  him  have  no  such  thing.  We  often 
•ells  more  than  that  at  once.  Why,  1  s<> 

go  to  the  railway  i  about 

Mning  aflair,  only  a  fortnight  back.     Hut 

job— you  know  he  mi. 
bis  wife  and  family,  air: 
—that  sold  as  well   as  any 
was  an  out-and-out  lot.     I  did  tremendous  with 

cause  it  happened  in  London,  do* 

hway  — that's   a   splendid    quar 

Working— there's  plenty  of  feelings— but,  bless 

>  to  you  can't  n 
bow,  they've  hearts  like  paving- stones. 


wouldn't  have  'the  papers'  if  you'd  give  them 
to  'em  —  especially  when  they  knows  you. 
Greenacre  didn't  sell  so  well  as  might  have 
been  expected,  for  such  a  iiabolical  out-and-out 
crime  as  he  committed ;  but  you  see  he  came 
close  after  Pegsworth,  and  that  took  the  beauty 
off  him.  Two  murderers  together  is  never  no 
good  to  nobody.  /\\}\y  there  was  Wilson  Glee  - 
son,  as  great  a^villain  as  ever  lived — went  and 
murdered  a  whole  family  at  noon  -  day — but 
Rush  coopered  him — and  likewise  that  girl  at 
Bristol — made  it  no  draw  to  any  one.  Daniel 
Good,  though,  was  a  first-rater;  and  would 
have  been  much  better  if  it  hadn't  been  for  that 
there  Madam  Toosow.  You  see,  she  went  down  to 
Roehampton,  and  guv  2/.  for  the  werry  clogs  as 
he  used  to  wash  his  master's  carriage  in  ;  so,  in 
course,  when  the  harristocracy  could  go  and  see 
the  real  things — the  werry  identical  clogs — in 
the  Chamber  of  'Orrors,  why  the  people  wouldn't 
look  at  our  authentic  portraits  of  the  fiend  in 
human  form.  Hocker  wasn't  any  particular 
great  shakes.  There  was  a  deal  expected  from 
him,  but  he  didn't  turn  out  well.  Courvoisier 
was  much  better ;  he  sold  wery  well,  but  nothing 
to  Blakesley.  Why  I  worked  him  for  six  weeks. 
The  wife  of  the  murdered  man  kept  the  King's 
Head  that  he  was  landlord  on  open  on  the  morn- 
ing of  the  execution,  and  the  place  was  like  a 
fair.  I  even  went  and  sold  papers  outside  the 
door  myself.  I  thought  if  she  war'n't  ashamed, 
why  should  I  be  ?  After  that  we  had  a  fine 
'  fake ' — that  was  the  fire  of  the  Tower  of  Lon- 
don— it  sold  rattling.  Why  we  had  about  forty 
apprehended  for  that — first  we  said  two  soldiers 
was  taken  up  that  couldn't  obtain  their  dis- 
charge, and  then  we  declared  it  was  a  well- 
known  sporting  nobleman  who  did  it  for  a  spree. 
The  boy  Jones  in  the  Palace  wasn't  much 
of  an  affair  for  the  running  patterers ;  the 
ballad  singers — or  street  screamers,  as  we  calls 
'em — had  the  pull  out  of  that.  The  patter 
wouldn't  take  ;  they  had  read  it  all  in  the  news- 
papers before.  Oxford,  and  Francis,  and  Bean 
were  a  little  better,  but  nothing  to  crack  about. 
The  people  doesn't  care  about  such  things  as 
them.  There's  nothing  beats  a  stunning  good 
murder,  after  all.  Why  there  was  Rush — I 
lived  on  him  for  a  month  or  more.  When  I  com- 
menced  with  Rush,  I  was  1 1\.  in  debt  for  rent, 
and  in  less  than  fourti  <-n  days  I  astonished  thf 
wise  men  in  the  east  by  paying  my  landlord  all 
I  owed  him.  Sinee  Dan'el  (Jood  there  had 
been  little  or  nothing  doing  !n  the  murder  line 
— no  one  could  cap  him—  till  Hush  turned  up  a 
regular  trump  for  us.  Why  I  went  down  to 
ressly  to  work  the  execution.  1 

worked  my  wiy  down  tin-re  with  '  a  siirnnrfiil 
lamentati  ,.  of  his  own  eomjutMng.  wKieh  I'd 
got  written  by  the  blind  man  express!}  for  the 
occasion.  On  (he  morning  of  the  «  x«rution  we 
boat  all  the  regular  newspapers  OUt  «>1  the  field; 
.  true,  and  particular  account 
down,  you  see,  by  our  own  exjiress,  and  il 
beat  anything  that  ever  they  e.m  publish;  for 
we  gets  it  printed  several  days  afore  it  «•"•»  »i  oil, 


238 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THIS  LONDON  POOR. 


and  goes  and  stands  with  it  right  under  the  drop  ; 
and  raany's  the  penny  I've  turned  away  when 
I've  been  asked  for  an  account  of  the  whole 
business  before  it  happened.  So  you  see,  for 
herly  and  correct  hinformation,  we  can  beat  the 
Sun — aye,  or  the  moon  either,  for  the  matter  of 
that.  Irish  Jem,  the  Ambassador,  never  goes  to 
bed  but  he  blesses  Rush  the  farmer ;  and  many's 
the  time  he's  told  me  we  should  never  have  such 
another  windfall  as  that.  But  I  told  him  not  to 
despair ;  there's  a  good  time  coming,  boys,  says 
I,  and,  sure  enough,  up  comes  the  Bermondsfey 
tragedy.  We  might  have  done  very  well,  indeed, 
out  of  the  Mannings,  but  there  was  too  many 
examinations  for  it  to  be  any  great  account 
*  us.  I've  been  away  with  the  Mannings  in 
.;ie  country  ever  since.  I've  been  through  Hert- 
fordshire, Cambridgeshire,  and  Suffolk,  along 
with  George  Frederick  Manning  and  his  wife — 
travelled  from  800  to  1,000  miles  with  'em,  but 
I  could  have  done  much  better  if  I  had  stopped 
in  London.  Every  day  I  was  anxiously  looking 
for  a  confession  from  Mrs.  Manning.  All  I 
wanted  was  for  her  to  clear  her  conscience  afore 
she  left  this  here  whale  of  tears  (that's  what  I 
always  calls  it  in  the  patter),  and  when  I  read 
in  the  papers  (mind  they  was  none  of  my  own) 
that  her  last  words  on  the  brink  of  heternity 
was,  '  I've  nothing  to  say  to  you,  Mr.  Howe,  but 
to  thank  you  for  your  kindness,'  I  guv  her  up 
entirely — had  completely  done  with  her.  In 
course  the  public  looks  to  us  for  the  last  words 
of  all  monsters  in  human  form,  and  as  for  Mrs. 
Manning's,  they  were  not  worth  the  printing." 

OF  THE  RECENT  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  RUNNING 

PATTERER. 

FROM  the  same  man  I  had  the  following  ac- 
count of  his  vocation  up  to  the  present  time  : 

"Well,  sir,"  he  said,  "I  think,  take  them 
altogether,  things  hasn't  been  so  good  this 
last  year  as  the  year  before.  But  the  Pope, 
God  bless  him !  he's  been  the  best  friend  I've 
had  since  Rush,  but  Rush  licked  his  Holiness. 
You  see,  the  Pope  and  Cardinal  Wiseman  is  a 
one-sided  affair;  of  course  the  Catholics  won't 
buy  anything  against  the  Pope,  but  all  religions 
could  go  for  Rush.  Our  mob  once  thought  of 
starting  a  cardinal's  dress,  and  I  thought  of 
wearing  a  red  hat  myself.  I  did  wear  a  shovel 
hat  when  the  Bishop  of  London  was  our  racket ; 
but  I  thought  the  hat  began  to  feel  too  hot,  so  I 
shovelled  it  off  There  was  plenty  of  paper 
that  would  have  suited  to  work  with  a  cardinal's 
hat  There  was  one, — '  Cardinal  Wiseman's 
Lament,' — and  it  was  giving  his  own  words 
like,  and  a  red  hat  would  have  capped  it  It 
used  to  make  the  people  roar  when  it  came  to 
snivelling,  and  grumbling  at  little  Jack  Russell 
—by  Wiseman,  in  course ;  and  when  it  comes 
jo  this  part — which  alludes  to  that  'ere  thun- 
dering letter  to  the  Bishop  of  Durham — the 
people  was  stunned : 

1  He  called  me  a  buffalo,  bull,  and  a  monkey, 
And  then  with  a  soldier  called  Old  Arthur  conkey 
Declared  they  would  buy  me  a  ninepenny  donkey, 
And  send  me  to  Rome  to  the  Pope.' 


"They  shod  me,  sir.  Who's  they?  Why 
the  Pope  and  Cardinal  Wiseman.  I  call  my 
clothes  after  them  I  earn  money  by  to  buy 
them  with.  My  shoes  I  call  Pope  Pius ;  my 
trowsers  and  braces,  Calcraft ;  my  waistcoat  and 
shirt,  Jael  Denny ;  and  my  coat,  Love  Letters. 
A  man  must  show  a  sense  of  gratitude  in  the 
best  way  he  can.  But  I  didn't  start  the  cardi- 
nal's hat ;  I  thought  it  might  prove  disagreeable 
to  Sir  Robert  Peel's  dress  lodgers."  [What  my 
informant  said  further  of  the  Pope,  I  give  under 
the  head  of  the  Chaunter.l  "  There  was  very 
little  doing,"  he  continued,  "  for  some  time 
after  I  gave  you  an  account  before ;  hardly  a 
slum  worth  a  crust  and  a  pipe  of  tobacco  to  us. 
A  slum's  a  paper  fake, — make  a  foot-note  of 
fnat,  sir.  I  think  Adelaide  was  the  first  thing 
I  worked  after  I  told  you  of  my  tomfooleries. 
Yes  it  was, — her  helegy.  She  weren't  of  no 
account  whatsomever,  and  Cambridge  was  no 
better  nor  Adelaide.  But  there  was  poor  Sir 
Robert  Peel,  — he  was  some  good;  indeed,  I 
think  he  was  as  good  as  5s.  a  day  to  me  for 
the  four  or  five  days  when  he  was  freshest. 
Browns  were  thrown  out  of  the  windows  to  us, 
and  one  copper  cartridge  was  sent  flying  at  us 
with  13J<i.  in  it,  all  copper,  as  if  it  had  been 
collected.  I  worked  Sir  Robert  at  the  West 
End,  and  in  the  quiet  streets  and  squares. 
Certainly  we  had  a  most  beautiful  helegy. 
Well,  poor  gentleman,  what  we  earned  on  him 
was  some  set-off  to  us  for  his  starting  his  new 
regiment  of  the  Blues— the  Cook's  Own.  Not 
that  they've  troubled  me  much.  1  was  once 
before  Alderman  Kelly,  when  he  was  Lord 
Mayor,  charged  with  obstructing,  or  some  hum- 
bug of  that  sort  '  What  are  you,  my  man  ? ' 
says  he  quietly,  and  like  a  gentleman.  '  In  the 
same  line  as  yourself,  my  lord,'  says  I.  '  How's 
that  ? '  says  he.  '  I  'm  a  paper- worker  for  my 
living,  my  lord,'  says  I.  I  was  soon  discharged  ; 
and  there  was  such  fun  and  laughing,  that  if 
I  'd  had  a  few  slums  in  my  pocket,  I  believe  I 
could  have  sold  them  all  in  the  justice-room. 

"  Haynau  was  a  stunner,  and  the  drayman 
came  their  caper  just  in  the  critical  time  for  us, 
as  things  was  growing  very  taper.  But  I  did 
best  with  him  in  chaunting;  and  so,  as  you 
want  to  hear  about  chaunting,  I'll  tell  you 
after.  We're  forced  to  change  our  patter — first 
running,  then  chaunting,  and  then  standing — 
oftener  than  we  used  to. 

"  Then  Calcraft  was  pretty  tidy  browns.  He 
was  up  for  starving  his  mother,— and  what  better 
can  you  expect  of  a  hangman  ?  Me  and  my 
mate  worked  him  down  at  Hatfield,  in  Essex, 
where  his  mother  lives.  It's  his  native,  I  believe. 
We  sold  her  one.  She's  a  limping  old  body.  I 
saw  the  people  look  at  her,  and  they  told  me 
arterards  who  she  was.  «  How  much  ? '  says 
she.  '  A  penny,  marm,'  say  I.  '  Sarve  him 
right,'  says  she.  We  worked  it,  too,  in  the 
street  in  Hoxton  where  he  lives,  and  he  sent  out 
for  two,  which  shows  he's  a  sensible  sort  of 
character  in  some  points,  after  all.  Then  we 
had  a  '  Woice  from  the  Gaol !  or  the  Horrort 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


239 


of  the  Condemned  Cell !  Being  the  Life  of 
William  Cal craft,  the  present  Hangman.'  It's 
written  in  the  high  style,  and  parts  of  it  will 
have  astonished  the  hangman's  nerves  before 
this.  Here's  a  bit  of  the  patter,  now : 

"  Let  us  look  at  William  Calcraft,"  says  the  eminent 
author,  "  in  his  earliest  days.  He  was  born  about  the 
year  1801,  of  humble  but  industrious  parents,  at  a 
little  village  in  Essex.  His  infant  ears  often  listened 
to  the  children  belonging  to  the  Sunday  schools  of  his 
native  place,  singing  the  well-known  words  of  Watt's 
beautiful  hymn, 

«  When  e'er  I  take  my  walks  abroad, 
How  many  poor  I  tee,  &c.' 

But  alas  for  the  poor  farmer's  boy,  he  never  had  the 
opportunity  of  going  to  that  school  to  be  taught  how 
to  shun  '  the  broad  way  leading  to  destruction.'  To 
seek  a  chance  fortune  he  travelled  up  to  London 
where  his  ignorance  and  folorn  condition  shortly 
enabled  that  fell  demon  which  ever  haunts  the  foot- 
steps of  the  wretched,  to  mark  him  for  her  own." 

"  Isn't  that  stunning,  sir  ?  Here  it  is  in  print 
for  you,  '  Mark  him  for  her  own! '  Then,  poor 
dear,  he's  so  sorry  to  hang  anybody.  Here's 
another  bit : 

'  But  in  vain  he  repents,  he  has  no  real  friend 
in  the  world  but  his  wife,  to  whom  he  can  communi- 
cate his  private  thoughts,  and  in  return  receive  con- 
solation, can  any  lot  be  harder  than  this?  Hence  his 
nervous  system  is  fast  breaking  down,  every  day  ren- 
dering him  less  able  to  endure  the  excruciating  and 
agonizing  torments  he  is  hourly  suffering,  he  is 
haunted  by  remorse  heaped  upon  remorse,  every  fresh 
victim  he  is  required  to  strangle  being  so  much  addi- 
tional fuel  thrown  upon  that  mental  flame  which  is 
scorching  him.' 

"  You  may  believe  me,  sir,  and  I  can  prove 
the  fact — the  author  of  that  beautiful  writing 
ain't  in  parliament!  Think  of  the  mental  flame, 
sir !  O,  dear.) 

"  Sirrell  was  no  good  either.  Not  salt  to  a 
herring.  Though  we  worked  him  in  his  own 
neighbourhood,  and  pattered  about  gold  and 
silver  all  in  a  row.  '  Ah ! '  says  one  old 
woman,  '  he  was  a  'spectable  man.'  '  Werry, 
marm,'  says  I. 

"  Holiest  weren't  no  good  either,  'cause  the 
wictim  was  a  parson.  If  it  had  happened  a  little 
later,  we'd  have  had  it  to   rights;    the   news- 
papers didn't  make   much  of  it     We'd   have 
shown  it  was  the  '  Commencement  of  a 
Horrid  and  Harbarious  Plot  got  up  by  the  Pope 
and  Cardinal  Wiseman/or-r  the  Mas-ser-crce-in^ 
of  all  good  Protestant  Ministers.'      That  would 
hare  been  the  dodge,  sir!     A  beautiful   idcar, 
now,  isn't  it  ?     But  the  murder  came  off  badly, 
and  you  can't  expect  fellows  like  them  murderers 
to  have  any  regard  for  the  interest  of  art  and 
literature.    Then  there's  so  long  to  wait  between 
the  murder  and  the  trial,  that  unless  ti.< 
in   human  form  keeps  writing  beautiful 
letters,  the  excitement  can't  be  kept  \. 
can  write  the  love-letters  for  the  fiend  in  human? 
That's  quite  true,  and  we  once  had  a  great  pull 
that  way  over  the  newspapers.     But  Lord  love 
you,  there's  plenty  of  'em  gets  more  and  more 
into  our  line.    They  treads  in  our  footsteps,  air ; 
they  follows    our   bright    example.      O: 
there  a  nice  rubbing  and  polishing  up.     This 


here  copy  won't  do.  This  must  be  left  out,  and 
that  put  in ;  'cause  it  suits  the  walk  of  the  paper. 
Why,  you  must  know,  sir.  /  know.  Don't  tell 
me.  You  can't  have  been  on  the  Morning 
Chronicle  for  nothing. 

"  Then  there  was  the  '  Horrid  and  Inhuman 
Murder,  Committed  by  T.  Drory,  on  the  Body 
of  Jael  Denny,  at  Donninghurst,  a  Village  in 
Essex.'  We  worked  it  in  every  way.  Drory 
had  every  chance  given  to  him.  We  had  half- 
sheets,  and  copies  of  werses,  and  books.  A  very 
tidy  book  it  was,  setting  off  with  showing  how 
'  The  secluded  village  of  Donninghurst  has  been 
the  scene  of  a  most  determined  and  diabolical 
murder,  the  discovery  of  which  early  on  Sun- 
day, the  12th,  in  the  morning  has  thrown  the 
whole  of  this  part  of  the  country  into  a  painful 
state  of  excitement.'  Well,  sir,  well — very  well ; 
that  bit  was  taken  from  a  newspaper.  Oh, 
we're  not  above  acknowledging  when  we  conde- 
scends to  borrow  from  any  of  'em.  If  you  re- 
member, when  I  saw  you  about  the  time,  I  told 
you  I  thought  Jael  Denny  would  turn  out  as 
good  as  Maria  Martin.  And  without  any  joke 
or  nonsense,  sir,  it  really  is  a  most  shocking 
thing.  But  she  didn't  The  weather  coopered 
her,  poor  lass !  There  was  money  in  sight,  and 
we  couldn't  touch  it;  it  seemed  washed  away 
from  us,  for  you  may  remember  how  wet  it  was. 
I  made  a  little  by  her,  though.  For  all  that,  I 
haven't  done  with  Master  Drory  yet  If  God 
spares  my  life,  he  shall  make  it  up  to  me.  Why, 
now,  sir,  is  it  reasonable,  that  a  poor  man  like 
me  should  take  so  much  pains  to  make  Drory's 
name  known  all  over  the  country,  and  walk 
miles  and  miles  in  the  rain  to  do  it,  and  get  only 
a  few  bob  for  my  labour?  It  can't  be  thought 
on.  When  the  Wile  and  Inhuman  Seducer 
takes  his  trial,  he  must  pay  up  my  just  claims. 
I'm  not  going  to  take  all  that  trouble  on  his 
account,  and  let  him  off  so  easy." 

My  informant  then  gave  me  an  account  of 
his  sale  of  papers  relating  to  the  Pope  and 
Cardinal  Wiseman,  but  as  he  was  then  a 
chaunter,  rather  than  a  patterer  ^the  distinc- 
tion is  shown  under  another  head),  I  give  his 
characteristic  account,  as  the  statement  of  a 
chaunter.  He  proceeded  after  having  finished 
his  recital  of  the  street  business  relating  to  the 
Pope,  &c. : 

"  My    last    paying   caper    was   the   Sloanes. 

They  heat  llaynau.      I    declare  to  you,  sir,  the 

knowingest  among  us  couldn't   have  invented 

a   cock  to  equal  the  conduct  of  them  Sloanes. 

Why,   it's  disgusting  to  come   near  the   plain 

truth  about  them.     I   think,  take  it  altogether, 

Sloanc  was  as  good  as  the   Pope,  but  he  had 

•ft  the  Ninth,  for  that  was  a 

id  affair,  and    the    Catholics    wouldn't 

buy  ;    and    Sloaiie    \v.-is  too   disgusting    for  the 

sort,  to  buy   him.     Hut  I've 

little  streets  where  some  of  the  windows 

was  without  sashes,  and  some  that  had  sashes 

had  stockings  thrust  between   the  frames,  and 

I've  taken  half  a  bob  in  ha'pennies.     Oh  !  you 

should  have  beard  what  poor  womon  said  about 


2*0 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


him,  for  it  was  women  that  bought  him  most 
They  was  more  savage  against  him  than 
against  her.  Why,  they  had  fifty  deaths  for 
him.  Rolling  in  a  barrel,  with  lots  of  sharp 
nails  inside,  down  Primrose- hill,  and  turned  out 
to  the  women  on  Kennington-comrnon.  and 
boiled  alive  in  oil  or  stuff  that  can't  be  men- 
tioned, or  hung  over  a  slow  fire.  '  O,  the  poor 
dear  girl,'  says  they,  '  what  she's  suffered.' 
We  had  accounts  of  Mistress  Sloane's  appre- 
hension before  the  papers.  We  had  it  at 
Jersey,  and  they  had  it  at  Boulogne,  but  we 
were  first.  Then  we  discovered,  because  we 
must  be  in  advance  of  the  papers,  that  Miss 
Devaux  was  Sloane's  daughter  by  a  former 
wife,  and  Jane  Wilbred  was  Mrs.  Sloane's 
daughter  by  a  former  husband,  and  was  entitled 
to  l,000/.by  rights.  Haynau  was  a  fool  to  Sloane. 
"  I  don't  know  of  anything  fresh  that's  in 
hand,  sir.  One  of  our  authors  is  coming  out 
with  something  spicy,  against  Lord  John,  for 
doing  nothing  about  Wiseman  ;  "cause  he  says 
as  no  one  thing  that  he's  written  for  Lord  John 
ever  sold  well,  something  against  him  may." 

OF  THE  CHAUNTERS. 

"As  the  minstrel's  art,"  writes  Mr.  Strutt,  in 
his  "  Sports  and  Pastimes,"  "consisted  of  several 
branches,  the  professors  were  distinguished  by 
different  denominations,  as  '  rimours,  chanterret, 
conteours,  jougleours  or  jongleurs,  jestours,  le- 
eours,  and  troubadours  or  trouvers :'  in  modern 
language,  rhymers,  singers,  story-tellers,  jug- 
glers, relaters  of  heroic  actions,  buffoons,  and 
poets ;  but  all  of  them  were  included  under  the 
general  name  of  minstrel.  An  eminent  French 
antiquary  says  of  the  minstrels,  that  some  of 
them  themselves  composed  the  subjects  they 
sang  or  related,  as  the  trouvers  and  the  con- 
teurs ;  and  some  of  them  used  the  compositions 
of  others,  as  the  jougleours  and  the  chanteurs.  He 
further  remarks,  that  the  trouvers  may  be  said 
to  have  embellished  their  productions  with 
rhyme,  while  the  conteurs  related  their  histories 
in  prose  ;  the  jougleours,  who  in  the  middle  ages 
were  famous  for  playing  upon  the  vielle"  [a 
kind  of  hurdy-gurdy],  "accompanied  the  songs 
of  the  trouvers.  These  jougleours  were  also 
assisted  by  the  chanteurs ;  and  this  union  of 
talents  rendered  the  compositions  more  harmo- 
nious and  more  pleasing  to  the  auditory,  and 
increased  their  rewards,  so  that  they  readily 
joined  each  other,  and  travelled  together  in  large 
parties.  It  is,  however,  very  certain  that  the 
poet,  the  songster,  and  the  musician  were  fre- 
quently united  in  the  same  person."  My  ac- 
count of  the  authors,  &c.,  of  street  literature 
shows  that  the  analogy  still  holds. 

The  French  antiquary  quoted  was  Fauchet, 
in  his  "  Origine  de  la  Langue  et  PoSsie  Fran- 
coise"  (1581);  and  though  he  wrote  concerning 
his  own  country,  his  descriptions  apply  equally 
to  the  English  minstrels,  who  were  principally 
Nonrans,  for  many  reigns  after  the  Conquest, 
»nd  were  of  the  same  race,  and  habits,  and 
manners  as  on  the  French  side  of  the  Channel. 


Of  the  minstrels,  I  shall  have  more  to  say 
when  I  treat  of  the  ballad-singers  and  the  bauds 
of  street  and  public-house  musicians  of  to-day, 
between  whom  and  the  minstrels  of  old  there  is. 
in  many  respects,  a  somewhat  clot  e  resemblance. 
Minstrelsy  fell  gradually  from  its  high  estate, 
and  fell  so  low  that,  in  the  39th  year  of  Eliza- 
beth's reign— a  period  when  the  noblest  poetry 
of  any  language  was  beginning  to  command  the 
ear  of  the  educated  in  England — the  minstrels 
were  classed  in  a  penal  statute  with  rogues, 
vagabonds,  and  sturdy  beggars !  Putenham,  in 
his  "  Arte  of  English  Poesie"  (1589),  speaks  of 
"  taverne  minstrels  that  give  a  fit  of  mirth  for 
a  groat."  One  of  the  statutes  enacted  in 
Cromwell's  Protectorate  was  directed  against 
all  persons  "  commonly  called  fidlers  or  min- 
strells." 

In  the  old  times,  then,  the  jougeleurs  ant' 
jestours  were  assisted  by  the  chanteurs.  In 
the  present  day  the  running  patterer — who,  as  I 
have  shown,  is  the  sufficiently  legitimate  de- 
scendant of  the  jestour,  and  in  some  respects  of 
the  mountebank— is  accompanied  generally  by 
a  chaunter,  so  presenting  a  further  point  of 
resemblance  between  ancient  and  modern  street- 
folk.  The  chaunter  now  not  only  sings,  but 
fiddles,  for  within  these  few  years  the  run- 
ning patterers,  to  render  their  performances 
more  attractive,  are  sometimes  accompanied  by 
musicians.  The  running  performer  then,  instead 
of  hurrying  along  with  the  members  of  his  mob, 
making  sufficient  noise  to  arouse  a  whole  street, 
takes  his  stand  with  the  chaunter  in  any  promis- 
ing place,  and  as  the  songs  which  are  the  most 
popular  are — as  is  the  case  at  many  of  the 
concert-rooms — sometimes  "spoken"  as  well  aa 
sung,  the  performers  are  in  their  proper  capa- 
city, for  the  patterer  not  only  "speaks,"  but 
speaks  more  than  is  set  down  for  him,  while  the 
chaunter  fiddles  and  sings.  Sometimes  the  one 
patters  while  the  other  sings,  and  their  themes 
are  the  same. 

I  am  told,  however,  that  there  are  only  fifty 
running  patterers  who  are  regularly  their  own 
chaunters,  fiddling  to  their  songs,  while  the  mob 
work  as  usual,  or  one  man  sings,  or  speaks  and 
sings,  with  the  chaunter.  Two  of  these  men 
are  known  as  Brurrimagem  Jack,  and  the 
Country  Paganini.  From  twenty  to  thirty  pat- 
terers, however,  are  chaunters  also,  when  they 
think  the  occasion  requires  it 

Further  to  elucidate  chaunting,  and  to  sho* 
the  quality  of  the  canticles,  and  the  way  of  pro- 
ceeding, I  cite  a  statement  of  his  experience  as 
a  chaunter,  from  the  running  patterer,  whose 
details  of  his  more  especial  business  I  have 
already  given,  but  who  also  occasionally 
chaunts : — 

OF  THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  CHAUNTER. 
"  THE  Pope,  sir,"  he  began,  "  was  as  one 
sided  to  chaunt  as  to  patter,  in  course.  WH 
had  the  Greeks  (the  lately-arrived  Irish)  down 
upon  us  more  than  once.  In  Liverpool-street, 
on  the  night  of  the  meeting  at  Guildhall  about 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


241 


m  a 


No.  16. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


24* 


the  Papal  Aggression,  we  had  a  regular  skrim- 

mage.      One   gentleman   said  :    '  Really,   you 

shouldn't  sing  such  improper  songs,  my  men.' 

Then  up  comes  another,  and  he  was  a  little 

crusted  with  port  wine,  and  he  says :  '  What, 

against  that  cove  the  Pope !     Here,  give  me 

half  a  dozen  of  the  papers.'     The  city  was  tidy 

for  the  patter,  sir,  or  the  chaunt ;   there  was 

sixpences ;   but  there  was  shillings  at  the  West 

End.     And  for  the  first  time  in  their  innocent 

the  parsons  came  out  as  stunning  patrons 

of  the  -intter.     One  of  'em  as  we  was  at  work 

in  the  street  give  a  bit  of  a   signal  and  was 

attended   to   without   any   parad  t   to   the  next 

street,  and  was  good  for  half-a-crown  1     Other 

two  stopped,  that  wery  same  day,  and  sent  a 

boy  to  us  with  a  Joey.     Then  me  and  my  mate 

:o  the  Rev.  W.'s,  him  as  came  it  so  strong 

for  the  fire-works  on  the  Fifth  of  November. 

And    we    pattered   and   we   pattered,    and   we 

thaunted   and  we  chaunted,   but  no  go  for   a 

goodish   bit     His   servant   said  he  weren't  at 

home.     In  course  that  wouldn't  do  for  us,  so 

|     down  he  came  his-self  at  last,  and  says,  werry 

soft  :    '  Come   to-morrow    morning,   my   men, 

and   there'll   be   two  gentlemen   to   hear  you.' 

•uck  to  him  for  something  in  hand,  but 

he  said   the  business  had  cost   him   so   much 

!    already,  he  really  couldn't     Well,  we  bounced 

1    a  bob  out  of  him,  and  didn't  go  near  him  again. 

After  all  we  did  for  hjs  party,  a  shilling  was 

black  ingratitude.     Of  course  we  has  no  feeling 

IHpfccr  f°r  °r  &gm  the  Pope.     We  goes  to  it  as 

at  an  election ;   and  let  me  tell  you,  sir,  we  got 

oorly  paid,  it  couldn't  be  called  paid,  for 

working  for  Lord  John  at  the  City  Election; 

and  I  was  the  original  of  the  live  rats,  which 

look  well.     But  there's  a  good  time  coming  to 

Lord  Johnny  oft 

"  Some  of  the  tunes — there's  no  act  of  par- 
Kament  about  tunes,  you  know,  sir — was  stun- 
j  tun  on  the  fiddle ;  as  if  a   thousand  bricks  was 
felling  out  of  a  cart  at     nee.     I  think    'The 
:md  Cardinal  Wiseman,'  one  of  the  first 
songs,  did  as  well  as  any.     This  werse 
was  greatly  admired  : — 

'  Now  Lord  John  Russell  did  so  bright, 

to  the  Bishop  of  Durham  a  letter  write 
Saying  while  I've  a  hand  I'll  i. 

;>r  and  cardinal  wi 
Lord  John's  ancestor  as  I  tell. 

Russell  then  known  well 
.e  religion  would  not  null, 

ow  Lord  John  so  bold  an<: 
•"t  a  rope  as  we  may  see, 
To  hang  up  on  each  side  of  a  tree, 
;>e  and  cardinal  witeman.' 

'  finishing  werse,  too,  was  effective,  and 
owns  : — 

whj 

•  itiness  at  home, 
al  wiseman. 

who  their  monskal  red  cardinals  hat, 
lots  of  wafers  in  a  sack, 
come  hero  with  .V 

til  fallara  « 
r.all  m.t  hr  ! 
Their  bum  bugging  is  all  no  use, 


If  they  come  here  we'll  cook  lueir  goooe, 
The  pope  and  Cardinal  Wiseman. 

CHORUS 

Monks  and  Nuns  and  fools  afloat, 
We'll  have  no  bulls  shoved  down  our 

throat, 

Cheer  up  and  shout  down  with  the  Pope, 
And  his  bishop  cardinal  Wiseman.' 

"  Then  there  was  another,  sir.  '  The  Pope 
he  is  coming ;  oh,  crikey,  oh  dear !  '  to  the 
tune  of  the  '  Camels  are  coming.'  There  waa 
one  bit  that  used  to  tickle  them.  I  mayn't 
exactly  remember  it,  for  I  didn't  do  anything 
beyond  a  spurt  in  it,  and  haven't  a  copy  for 
you,  but  it  tickled  'em  with  others.  This  was 
the  bit : — 

'  I've  heard  my  old  grandmother's  grandmother  say. 
They  burnt  us  in  Smithfield  full  ten  every  day. 
O,  what  shall  I  do,  for  I  feel  very  queer, 
The  Pope  he's  a-coming,  oh!  crikey,  oh,  dear!' 

"  Bless  you,  sir,  if  I  see  a  smart  dressed  ser- 
vant girl  looking  shyly  out  of  the  street-door 
at  us,  or  through  the  area  railings,  and  I  can 
get  a  respectful  word  in  and  say,  '  My  good 
young  lady,  do  buy  of  a  poor  fellow,  we  haven't 
said  a  word  to  your  servants,  we  hasn't  seen 
any  on  'em,'  then  she's  had,  sir,  for  Id.  at 
least,  and  twice  out  of  thrice ;  that  '  good  young 
lady  '  chloroforms  her. 

"  Then  this  one,  now,  is  stunning.  It's  part 
of  what  the  Queen  was  a  going  to  sing  at  the 
opening  of  the  parliament,  but  she  changed  her 
mind,  and  more's  the  pity,  for  it  would  have 
had  a  grand  effect  It's  called  'The  Queen, 
the  Pope,  and  the  Parliament,'  and  these  ia 
the  best  of  the  stanzas  ;  I  calls  them  werses  in 
common,  but  stanzas  for  Wick : 
'  My  lords  and  my  gentlemen  all, 

The  bishops  and  great  house  of  commons 
On  you  for  protection  I  call, 

For  you  know  I  am  only  a  woman, 
I  am  really  quite  happy  indeed — 

To  meet  you  like  birds  of  a  feather, 
So  I  hope  you  will  all  struggle  with  me, 

And  pull  away  boys  altogether, 
My  name  is  Victoria  the  Queen. 

Our  bishops  and  deans  did  relent, 

And  say  they  for  ever  was  undone, 
Bishop  Philpott  a  long  challen^: 

To  his  lordship  the  bishop  of  London, 
To  fight  him  on  Hounslow  Heath — 

Hut  the  bishop  of  London 
He  gave  him  one  slap  in  the  mouth, 

And  then  sent  a  letter  i<>  ; 
No  humbuggery  stories  for  vick — 

'  I  heard  my  old  grandfather  say 

isily  loved  rei-kcm 

\V1" 

••  was  king  Jeiiuiiy  the  I  <  ond. 

ii  15111  m.'iri  i 
He  knocked  him  :rnm  old  1'ahuv 

r eland,  across  ;  iratttr, 

Long 

<•  now, 
moon 

And  make  fast  a  gr  now, 

An.l  then  give  .1  luring  and  a  Jump 

And  you  to  a  peerage  shall  nne  then, 
For  we'll  swing  \i\,  Pope 

And  -nun. 

Old  England  and  down  with  it., 

i; 


244 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  Then  there  wasn't  no  risk  with  Haynau— I 
told  you  of  the  Pope  first,  'cause  he  was  most 
chaunted — no  fear  of  a  ferricadouzer  for  the 
butcher.  How  is  it  spelled,  sir  ?  Well,  if  you 
can't  find  it  in  the  dictionary,  you  must  use 
your  own  judgment.  What  does  it  mean  ?  It 
means  a  dewskitch  (a  good  thrashing).  I've 
been  threatened  with  dark  nights  about  the 
Pope,  after  the  Greeks  has  said :  '  Fat  have 
you  to  say  agin  the  holy  gintleman  ?  To  the 
divil  wid  all  the  likes  o'  ye.'  Haynau  was  a 
fair  stage  and  no  favour.  This  werse  was  best 
liked  :— 

1  The  other  day  as  you  must  know, 

In  Barclay's  brewhouse  he  did  go 
And  signed  his  bloody  name  "  Haynau 

The  fellow  that  flogged  the  women. 
Baron  Rothchild  did  him  shend, 

And  in  the  letter  which  he  penn'd 
He  shaid  the  sheneral  wash  his  friend, 
And  so  good  a  man  he  could  not  mend. 

CHORUS 
Rumpsey  bumsy — bane  him  well — 

Make  his  back  and  sides  to  swell 
Till  he  roars  aloud  with  dreadful  yell, 

The  fellow  that  flogged  the  women.1 

"  The  women  bought  very  free  ;  poor  women, 
mostly ;  we  only  worked  him  to  any  extent  in 
the  back  drags.  One  old  body  at  Stepney 
was  so  pleased  that  she  said,  '  O,  the  bloody- 
minded  willain !  Whenever  you  come  this 
way  again,  sir,  there's  always  Id.  for  you.'  She 
didn't  pay  in  advance  though. 

"  Then  it  ended,  sir,  with  a  beautiful  moral  as 
appeals  to  every  female  bosom : — 

•  That  man  who  would  a  female  harm, 
Is  never  fit  to  live." 

"  We  always  likes  something  for  the  ladies, 
bless  'em.  They're  our  best  customers. 

"  Then  there  was  poor  Jael  Denny,  but  she 
was  humped,  sir,  and  I've  told  you  the  reason. 
Her  copy  of  werses  began : — 

1  Since  Corder  died  on  Buystree, 

No  mortal  man  did  read  or  see, 
Of  such  a  dreadful  tragedy, 

As  1  will  now  unfold. 
A  maid  in  bloom— to  her  silent  tomb, 

Is  hurried  in  the  prime  of  life, 
How  could  a  villain  cause  such  strifo 
She  worthy  was  a  famous  wife. 
The  like  was  seldom  told. 

CHORUS. 

She  was  young  and  gay, 

Like  the  flowers  of  may, 
In  youth  and  vigour  health  and  bloom, 

She  is  hurried  to  the  silent  tomb. 
Through  Essex,  such  a  dreadfull  gloom, 

Jael  Denny's  murder  caused.' 

"  My  last  chaunt  was  Jane  Wilbred ;  and  her 
uerses — and  they  did  tidy  well — began : — 

A  Case  like  this  you  seldom  read, 

Or  one  so  sad  and  true, 
And  we  sincerely  hope  the  perper- 

trators  both  will  rue 
To  serve  a  friendless  servant  gir_, 

Two  years  they  did  engage, 
Her  name  it  is  Jane  Willbred, 

And  eighteen  years  of  an;e.' 

"  What  do  you  think  of  the  Great  Exhi- 
bition, sir?  I  shall  be  there.  Me  and  my 


mates.  We  are  going  to  send  in  a  copy  of 
werses  in  letters  of  gold  for  a  prize.  We'll 
let  the  foreigners  know  what  the  real  native 
melodies  of  England  is,  and  no  mistake." 

OF  THE  DEATH  AND  FIRE  HUNTERS. 
I  have  described  the  particular  business  of  the 
running  patterer,  who  is  known  by  another  and 
a  very  expressive  cognomen  —  as  a  "  Death 
Hunter."  This  title  refers  not  only  to  his  vend- 
ing accounts  of  all  the  murders  that  become 
topics  of  public  conversation,  but  to  his  being  a 
"murderer"  on  his  own  account,  as  in  the  sale 
of  "cocks"  mentioned  incidentally  in  this  nar- 
rative. If  the  truth  be  saleable,  a  running  pat- 
terer prefers  selling  the  truth,  for  then — as  one 
man  told  me — he  can  "  go  the  same  round  com- 
fortably another  day."  If  there  be  no  truths 
for  sale — no  stories  of  criminals'  lives  and  loves 
to  be  condensed  from  the  diffusive  biographies 
in  the  newspapers — no  "helegy"  for  a  great 
man  gone — no  prophecy  and  no  crim.  con. — the 
death  hunter  invents,  or  rather  announces,  them, 
He  puts  some  one  to  death  for  the  occasion, 
which  is  called  "  a  cock."  The  paper  he  sells 
may  give  the  dreadful  details,  or  it  may  be  a 
religious  tract,  "  brought  out  in  mistiike," 
should  the  vendor  be  questioned  on  the  subject; 
or  else  the  poor  fellow  puts  on  a  bewildered  look 
and  murmurs,  "  O,  it's  shocking  to  be  done 
this  way — but  I  can't  read."  The  patterers  pass 
along  so  rapidly  that  this  detection  rarely 
happens. 

One  man  told  me  that  in  the  last  eight  or  ten 
years,  he,  either  singly  or  with  his  "  mob," 
twice  put  the  Duke  of  Wellington  to  d 
once  by  a  fall  from  his  horse,  and  the  other 
by  a  "  sudden  and  myst-erious  "  death,  wit 
any  condescension  to  particulars.  He  had 
performed  the  same  mortal  office  for  Loui 
Phillipe,  fcefore  that  potentate's  departure 
France ;  each  death  was  by  the  hands  of 
assassin  ;  "  one  was  stabbing,  and  the  other 
shot  from  a  distance."  He  once  thought 
poisoning  the  Pope,  but  was  afraid  of  the  st 
Irish.  He  broke  Prince  Albert's  leg,  or  arm 
(he  was  not  sure  which),  when  his  royal  high 
ness  was  out  with  his  harriers.  He  never  hat 
much  to  say  about  the  Queen  ;  "  it  wouldn' 
go  down,"  he  thought,  and  perhaps  nothing  ha- 
lately  been  said.  "  Stop,  there,  sir,"  said  anothe 
patterer,  of  whom  I  inquired  as  to  the  correct 
ness  of  those  statements,  (after  my  constar 
custom  in  sifting  each  subject  thoroughly 
"  stop,  stop,  sir.  I  have  had  to  say  about  th 
Queen  lately.  In  coorse,  nothing  can  be  sai 
against  her,  and  nothing  ought  to  ;  that 
enough,  but  the  last  time  she  was  confined, 
cried  her  accouchement  (the  word  was  pronounce 
as  spelt  to  a  merely  English  reader,  or  rath< 
more  broadly)  of  three  !  Lord  love  you,  sir. 
would  have  been  no  use  crying  one  ;  people's 
used  to  that ;  but  a  Bobby  came  up  and  1 
stops  me,  and  said  it  was  some  impudence  r.bo  j 
the  Queen's  coachman  !  Why  look  at  it, 
fat-head— I  knew  I  was  safe— and  see  if  inert 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


243 


anything  in  it  about  the  Queen  or  her  coach- 
man !  And  he  looked,  and  in  coorse  there  was 
nothing.  I  forget  just  now  what  the  paper  was 
about."  My  first-mentioned  informant  had  ap- 
prehended Feargus  O'Connor  on  a  charge  of 
high  treason.  He  assassinated  Louis  Napoleon, 
1  from  a  fourth  edition  of  the  Times,"  which 
'did  well."  He  caused  Marshal  Haynau  to 
die  of  the  assault  by  the  draymen.  He  made 
Rush  hang  himself  in  prison.  He  killed  Jane 
^'ilbred,  and  put  Mrs.  Sloane  to  death  ;  and 
he  announced  the  discovery  that  Jane  Wilbred 
was  Mrs.  Sloane's  daughter. 

This  informant  did  not  represent  that  he  had 
originated  these  little  pieces  of  intelligence,  only 
that  he  had  been  a  party  to  their  sale,  and  a 
party  to  originating  one  or  two.  Another  patterer 
and  of  a  higher  order  of  genius — told  me  that 
all  which  was  stated  was  undoubtedly  correct, 
"but  me  and  my  mates,  sir,"  he  said,  "did 
Haynau  in  another  style.  A  splendid  slum, 
sir!  Capital!  We  assassinated  him — mys-te- 
rious.  Then  about  Rush.  His  hanging  hisself 
in  prison  was  a  fake,  I  know  ;  but  we've  had 
him  lately.  His  ghost  appeared — as  is  shown  in 
the  Australian  papers — to  Emily  Sandford,  and 
threatened  her ;  and  took  her  by  the  neck,  and 
there's  the  red  marks  of  his  fingers  to  be  seen 
on  her  neck  to  this  day  ! "  The  same  informant 
was  so  loud  in  his  praise  of  the  "  Ass-sass-sina- 
*ion"  of  Haynau  that  I  give  the  account  I 
have  little  doubt  it  was  his  own  writing.  It  is 
confused  in  passages,  and  has  a  blending  of  the 
I  "  and  the  "  we:" — 

have  jnst  received  upon  undisputed  authority, 
that,  that  savage  and  unmanly  tyrant,  thai  enemy  to 
civil  and  relijrious  liberty,  the  inhuman  Haynau  has 
at  last  finished  his  career  of  guilt  by  the  hand  of  an 
assassin,  the  term  assassin  I  have  no  doubt  will  greet 
harshly  upon  the  ears  of  some  of  our  readers,  yet  never 
the  less  I  tan  compelled  to  use  it  although  I  would 
gladly  say  the  average  of  outraged  innocence,  which 
would  be  a  name  more  suitable  to  one  who  has  been 
the  means  of  ridden  the  world  of  such  a  despicable 
onster." 

[My  informant  complained  bitterly,  and  not 
without  reason,  of  the  printer.  "  Average," 
for  instance  (which  I  have  italicised),  should  be 
"  avenger."  The  "  average  of  outraged  inno- 
cence! "J 

It  appears  by  the  Columns  of  the  Corour  le  Con- 
ttituonal  of  Brussels,"  runs  the  paper,  "  that  the  even- 
ing before  last,  three  men  one  of  which  is  supposed  to 
be  the  miscn-ant,  Haynau  entered  a  Cafe  in  tin 
bourhood  of  Brussels  kept  by  a  man  in  the  name  of 
Priduex,  and  after  partaking  of  some  refreshments 
which  were  fir  ii  two  companions  they  de- 

wn  to  their  chambers,  during  their  stay 
r  Travellers  Room,  they  spoke  but  little 
be  very  cautious  as  to  joining 

was  passing  briskly  round  tin- 
to  use  the  landlord's  own 
nge,  as  his  Cafe  was  moatl 

• 
that  after  the 

•  a  tall  and  rathernoble  looking  man  enveloped 
•  d  and  asked  for  a  bed,  and  after 
'•  he  took  up  a  paper  and  appeared 
lie  was 

.md  all  pn..»«-d  on  without  any  appear- 
ng  wrong  until  a!  <• 

landlord    and    Ins    Ian  in 
T  a  noise  over  head  and  rr  -r    a»d 


and 

rot, 


rath 
by  a  set 


upon  going  up  stairs  to  ascertain  the  cause,  he  disco- 
vered the  person  who  was  [known]  to  be  Marshal 
Haynau,  lying  on  his  bed  with  his  throai  cut  in  a 
frightful  manner,  and  his  two  companions  standing  by 
his  bed  side  bewailing  his  loss.  On  the  table  was  dis 
covered  a  card,  on  which  was  written  these  words 
1  Monster,  I  am  avenged  at  last.  Suspicion  went  upon 
the  tall  stranger,  who  was  not  anywhere  to  be  found, 
the  Garde  arms  instantly  were  on  the  alert,  and  are 
now  in  active  persuit  of  him  but  up  to  the  time  of  our 
going  to  press  nothing  further  has  transpired." 

It  is  very  easy  to  stigmatise  the  death-hunter 
when  he  sets  off  all  the  attractions  of  a  real  or 
pretended  murder, — when  he  displays  on  a  board, 
as  does  the  standing  patterer,  "illustrations"  of 
"  the  'dentical  pick-axe "  of  Manning,  or  the 
stable  of  Good, — or  when  he  invents  or  embel- 
lishes atrocities  which  excite  the  public  mind. 
He  does,  however,  but  follow  in  the  path  of 
those  who  are  looked  up  to  as  "  the  press," — as 
the  "  fourth  estate."  The  conductors  of  the 
Lady's  Newspaper  sent  an  artist  to  Paris  to  give 
drawings  of  the  scene  of  the  murder  by  the 
Due  de  Praslin, —  to  "illustrate"  the  blood- 
stains in  the  duchess's  bed-chamber.  _  The 
Illustrated  London  News  is  prompt  in  depicting 
the  locality  of  any  atrocity  over  which  the 
curious  in  crime  may  gloat.  The  Observer,  in 
costly  advertisements,  boasts  of  its  20  columns 
(sometimes  with  a  supplement)  of  details  of 
some  vulgar  and  mercenary  bloodshed, — the 
details  being  written  in  a  most  honest  depre- 
cation of  the  morbid  and  savage  tastes  to  which 
the  writer  is  pandering.  Other  weekly  papers 
have  engravings — and  only  concerning  murder 
— of  any  wretch  whom  vice  has  made  notorious. 
Many  weekly  papers  had  expensive  telegraphic 
despatches  of  Rush's  having  been  hung  at 
Norwich,  which  event,  happily  for  the  interest 
of  Sunday  newspapers,  took  place  in  Norwich 
at  noon  on  a  Saturday.  [I  may  here  remark, 
that  the  patterers  laugh  at  telegraphs  and  ex- 
press trains  for  rapidity  of  communication, 
boasting  that  the  press  strives  in  vain  to  rival 
them, — as  at  a  "  hanging  match,"  for  instamv, 
the  patterer  has  the  full  particulars,  dying 
speech,  and  confession  included — if  a  confes- 
sion be  feasible — ready  for  his  customers  the 
moment  the  drop  falls,  and  while  the  criminal 
may  still  be  struggling,  at  the  very  scene  of 
the  hanging.  At  a  distance  he  sells  it  before 
the  hanging.  "  If  the  Times  was  cross-exnmineJ 
about  it,"  observed  one  patterer,  "  he  must  eon- 
's outdone,  though  he's  a  rich  Times,  and 
we  is  poor  fellows."  But  to  resume — ] 

A  penny-a-liner  is  reported,  and  without  con- 
tradiction, to  have  made  a  large  sum  by  having 
hurried  Jo  Jersey  in  Manning's  business,  and  by 
being   allowed   to   aeeompany  the  otlieers  when 
they  conducted  that  paltry  tool   of  a   vindictive 
woman  from  Jersey  to  Southampton  by  It 
and  from   Southampton  to  London  by  " 
engine,"  as  beseemed  the  popularity  of  so  dis- 
il    and    hoinieiile;     and    next 
morning    the    dai,\  in    all    the    typo- 

graphical   honour    of    "leads"    and    "a   gwH 
How's— this  Man- 
ning'i — conversation,    looks,    anl    demeanour. 


246 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Until  the  "  respectable  "  press  become  a  more 
healthful  puUic  instructor,  we  have  no  right  to 
blame  the  death-hunter,  who  is  but  an  imitator 
— a  follower — and  that  for  a  meal.  So  strong 
has  this  morbid  feeling  about  criminals  become, 
that  an  earl's  daughter,  who  had  "  an  order"  to 
see  Bedlam,  would  not  leave  the  place  until 
she  had  obtained  Oxford's  autograph  for  her 
album !  The  rich  vulgar  are  but  the  poor 
vulgar — without  an  excuse  for  their  vulgarity. 

"  Next  to  murders,  fires  are  tidy  browns,"  I 
was  told  by  a  patterer  experienced  both  in 
"murders"  and  "fires."  The  burning  of  the 
eld  Houses  of  Parliament  was  very  popular 
among  street-sellers,  and  for  the  reason  which 
ensures  popularity  to  a  commercial  people ;  it 
was  a  source  of  profit,  and  was  certainly  made 
the  most  of.  It  was  the  work  of  incendiaries, — 
of  ministers,  to  get  rid  of  perplexing  papers, — 
of  government  officers  with  troublesome  accounts 
to  balance,— of  a  sporting  lord,  for  a  heavy 
wager, — of  a  conspiracy  of  builders,— :  and  of  "  a 
unsuspected  party."  The  older  "hands"  with 
whom  I  conversed  on  the  subject,  all  agreed  in 
stating  that  they  "  did  well"  on  the  fire.  One 
man  said,  "  No,  sir,  it  wasn't  only  the  working 
people  that  bought  of  me,  but  merchants  and 
their  clerks.  I  s'pose  they  took  the  papers  home 
with  'em  for  their  wives  and  families,  which  is 
a  cheap  way  of  doing,  as  a  newspaper  costs  3d. 
at  least.  But  stop,  sir,— stop  ;  there  wasn't  no 
threepences  then, — nothing  under  6d.,  if  they 
wasn't  more;  I  can't  just  say,  but  it  was  better 
for  us  when  newspapers  was  high.  I  never 
heard  no  sorrow  expressed, — not  in  the  least 
Some  said  it  was  a  good  job,  and  they  wished 
the  ministers  was  in  it."  The  burning  of  the 
Royal  Exchange  was  not  quite  so  beneficial  to 
the  street-sellers,  but  "  was  uncommon  tidy." 
The  fire  at  the  Tower,  however,  was  almost  as 
great  a  source  of  profit  as  that  of  the  Houses  of 
Parliament,  and  the  following  statement  shows 
the  profit  reaped. 

My  informant  had  been  a  gentleman's  ser- 
vant, his  last  place  being  with  a  gentleman  in 
Russell-square,  who  went  to  the  East  Indies, 
and  his  servant  was  out  of  a  situation  so  long 
that  he  "parted  with  everything."  When  he 
was  at  the  height  of  his  distress,  he  went  to  see 
the  fire  at  the  Tower,  as  he  "  had  nothing  better 
to  do."  He  remained  out  some  hours,  and 
before  he  reached  his  lodging,  men  passed  him, 
crying  the  full  and  true  particulars  of  the  fire. 
"  I  bought  one,"  said  the  man,  "  and  changed 
my  last  shilling.  It  was  a  sudden  impulse,  for 
I  saw  people  buy  keenly.  I  never  read  it,  but 
only  looked  at  the  printer's  name.  I  went  to 
him  at  the  Dials,  and  bought  some,  and  so  I 
went  into  the  paper  trade.  I  made  6s.  or  7*. 
some  days,  while  the  Tower  lasted  ;  and  3*.  and 
4ts.  other  days,  when  the  first  polish  was  off.  I 
so7.d  them  mostly  at  Id.  a  piece  at  first.  It  was 
good  money  then.  The  Tower  was  good,  or 
middling  good,  for  from  14  to  20  days.  There 
was  at  least  100  men  working  nothing  but  the 


Tower.  There's  no  great  chance  of  any  more 
great  buildings  being  burnt ;  worse  luck.  People 
don't  care  much  about  private  fires.  A  man  in 
this  street  don't  heed  so  much  who's  burnt  to 
death  in  the  next  But  the  foundation-stone  of 
the  new  Royal  Exchange — fire  led  to  that — was 
pretty  fair,  and  portraits  of  Halbert  went  off,  so 
that  it  was  for  two  or  three  days  as  good  as  the 
Tower.  Fires  is  our  best  friends  next  to  mur- 
ders, if  they're  good  fires.  The  hopening  of  the 
Coal  Exchange  was  rather  tidy.  I've  been  in 
the  streets  ever  since,  and  don't  see  how  I  could 
possibly  get  out  of  them.  At  first  I  felt  a  great 
degradation  at  being  driven  to  the  life.  I  shun- 
ned grooms  and  coachmen,  as  1  might  be  known 
to  them.  I  didn't  care  for  others.  That  sort 
of  feeling  wears  out  though.  I'm  a  widower 
now,  and  my  family  feels,  as  I  did  at  first,  that 
what  I'm  doing  is  '  low.'  They  won't  assist — 
though  they  may  give  me  1*.  now  and  then — but 
they  won't  assist  me  to  leave  the  streets.  They'll 
rather  blame  me  for  going  into  them,  though 
there  was  only  that,  or  robbing,  or  starving. 
The  fire  at  Ben.  Caunt's,  where  the  poor  chil- 
dren was  burnt  to  hashes,  was  the  best  of  the 
private  house  fires  that  I've  worked,  I  think. 
I  made  4*.  on  it  one  day.  He  was  the  champion 
once,  and  was  away  at  a  fight  at  the  time,  and 
it  was  a  shocking  thing,  and  so  people  bought" 
After  the  burning  of  York  Minster  by  Jona- 
than Martin,  I  was  told  by  an  old  hand,  the 
(street)  destruction  of  the  best  known  public 
buildings  in  the  country  was  tried  ;  such  as 
Canterbury  Cathedral,  Dover  Castle,  the  Brigh- 
ton Pavilion,  Edinburgh  Castle,  or  Holyrood 
House — all  known  to  "travelling"  patterers — 
but  the  success  was  not  sufficiently  encouraging. 
It  was  no  use,  I  was  told,  firing  such  places  as 
Hampton  Court  or  Windsor  Castle,  for  unless 
people  saw  the  reflection  of  a  great  fire,  they 
wouldn't  buy. 

OF  THE  SELLERS  OF  SECOND  EDITIONS. 
THESE  "second  editions"  are,  and  almost 
universally,  second  or  later  editions  of  the 
newspapers,  morning  and  evening,  but  three- 
fourths  of  the  sale  may  be  of  the  evening 
papers,  and  more  especially  of  the  Globe  and 
Standard. 

I  believe  that  there  is  not  now  in  existence — 
unless  it  be  in  a  workhouse  and  unknown  to  his 
fellows,  01  engaged  in  some  other  avocation  and 
.lost  sight  of  by  them — any  one  who  sold  "  se- 
cond editions"  (the  Courier  evening  paper  being 
then  in  the  greatest  demand)  at  the  time  of  the 
Duke  of  York's  Walcheren  expedition,  at  the 
period  of  the  battle  of  the  Nile,  during  the 
continuance  of  the  Peninsular  war,  or  even  at 
the  battle  of  Waterloo.  There  were  a  few  old 
men— some  of  whom  had  been  soldiers  or  sail- 
ors, and  others  who  have  simulated  it — sur- 
viving within  these  5  or  6  years,  and  some  later, 
who  "  worked  Waterloo,"  bui  they  were  swept 
off",  I  was  told,  by  the  cholera. 

"  I  was  assured  by  a  gentlemen  who  had  a 
perfect  remembrance  of  the  "  second  edition* '* 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


247 


(as  they  were  generally  called)  sold  in  the 
streets,  and  who  had  often  bought  them  up- 
wards of  forty  years  ago,  that  a  sketch  in  the 
"Monthly  Review,"  in  a  notice  of  Scott's 
"  Lord  of  the  Isles"  (published  in  1815),  gave 
the  best  notion  he  had  met  with  of  what  the 
second  edition  sale  really  was.  At  the  com- 
mencement of  the  sixth  canto  of  his  poem,  Sir 
Walter,  somewhat  too  grandiloquently,  in  the 
judgment  01  hi*  reviewer,  asks — 

"  O  who,  that  shared  them,  ever  shall  forget 
The  emotions  of  the  spirit-rousing  time, 
When  breathless  in  the  mart  the  couriers  met, 
harly  and  late,  at  evening  and  at  prime  f " 

'•  \V~ho,"  in  his  turn  asks  the  reviewer,  "can 
avoid  conjuring  up  the  idea  of  men  with  broad 
of  foolscap,  scored  with  'VICTORIES' 
rolled  round  their  hats,  and  horns  blowing  loud 
defiance  in  each  other's  mouth,  from  the  top  to 
the  bottom  of  Pall-mall  or  the  Haymarket,  when 
he  reads  such  a  passage?  "NVe  actually  hear 
the  Park  and  Tower  guns,  and  the  clattering  of 
ten  thousand  bells,  as  we  read,  and  stop  our  ears 
from  the  close  and  sudden  intrusion  of  some 
hot  and  horn-fisted  patriot,  blowing  ourselves,  as 

s  Bonaparte  to  the  devil !" 
The  horn  carried  by  these  "  Aorn-fisted"  men 
was  a  common  tin  tube,  from  two  to  three  feet 
long,  and  hardly  capable  of  being  made  to 
prjouce  any  sound  beyond  a  sudden  and  dis- 
cordant "trump,  trump."  The  men  worked 
with  papers  round  their  hats,  in  a  way  not  very 
dissimilar  to  that  of  the  running  patterers  of 
to-day. 

The  "  editions"  cried  by  these  men  during  the 
war-time  often  contained  spurious  intelligence, 
but  for  that  the  editors  of  the  journals  were  re- 
sponsible— or  the  stock-jobbers  who  had  imposed 
upon  them.     Any  one  who  lias  consulted  a  lile 
of  newspapers  of  the  period  to  which  I  have 
1,  will  remember  how  frequent,  and  how 
•-•re  the  announcements,  or  the  rumours, 
of  the  deaths   of   Bonaparte,    his   brothers,    or 
-hals,  in  battle  or  by  assassination. 

1:0   linn   who   was   personally 

--ant  with  this  traffic  in   what  is  empha- 

enough     called     the     "  war-time,"     1 

•  »ut  an  old  street-patterer  who   had   been 

:.ted   with   the  older   hands  in   the  trade, 

Wretched    to  the  c-on.: 
ment  of  the  present  century,  and   from  him   I 

.  id  the  following  account : 
"Oh,    yes,"    lie    bi-^an,    "I've   workc<i 
used  to  call  the 

re  was  Jaci 

iow  wasn't  he  a  hand  at  a  second 
>elieve  you.    I  do  any  k 
'.  hut    I've   <: 

•  c-concU  waa  to  be  had. 

i   been  a  sailor  and  waa  fond 

•.he  sea— J.i.  s— you 

would    h.ivc    liked    to   have    heard    him— Jack 

•  •    he   once   took  it   waa 

•  ay— for  a  <  >n  of  a  paper 
Queen  Caroline's  trial  was  over.      1 


Jack,  there  was  Tom  Cole,  called  the  Wooden 
Leg  (he'd  been  a  soldier  I  believe),  and  White- 
chapel,  and  Old  Brummagem,  and  Hell-fire 
Jack.  Hell-fire  Jack  was  said  to  be  some- 
thing to  a  man  that  was  a  trainer,  and  a  great 
favourite  of  the  old  Duke  of  Queensberry,  and 
was  called  Hell-fire  Dick  ;  but  I  can't  say 
how  it  was.  I  began  to  work  second  editions, 
for  the  first  time  when  George  IV.  died.  They 
went  off  pretty  well  at  Is.  a  piece,  and  for  three 
or  four  I  got  2s.  6d.  If  it's  anything  good  I 
get  Is.  still,  but  very  seldom  any  more.  I 
always  show  anybody  that  asks  that  the  paper 
is  just  what  I've  cried  it  There's  no  regular 
cry;  we  cries  what's  up:  'Here's  the  second 
edition  of  the  Globe  with  the  full  perticlers  of 
the  death  of  his  Majesty  King  George  IV.' 
We  work  much  in  the  same  way  as  the  running 
patter.  Three  of  us  shouts  in  the  same  spot, 
I  was  one  of  three  who  one  night  sold  five 
quires,  mostly  Globe  and  Standard.  It  was  at 
the  Reform  Bill  time,  and  something  about  the 
Reform  Bill.  I  never  much  heeded  what  the 
paper  was  about.  I  only  wanted  the  patter, 
and  soon  got  it.  A  mate,  or  any  of  us,  looks 
out  for  anything  good  in  the  evening  papers, 
to  be  ready.  Why  that  night  I  speak  of  I 
was  kept  running  backards  and  for'ards  to  the 
newspaper  offices  —  and  how  they  does  keep 
you  waiting  at  times ! — mostly  the  Globe,  and 
Standard  ;  we  worked  them  all  at  the  We>t 
End.  There's  twenty-seven  papers  to  a  quire, 
and  wt  gave  4-rf.  a  piece  for  'em  and  sold  none, 
as  well  as  I  mind,  for  under  Is.  I  carried 
them  mostly  under  my  arm  or  in  my  hat, 
taking  care  they  wasn't  spoiled.  Belgrave- 
square  way,  and  St  George's,  Hanover- square 
way,  and  Hyde  Park  way,  are  the  best.  The 
City's  no  good.  There's  only  sixpences  there. 
The  coffee-shops  has  spoiled  the  City,  as  I'm 
afeard  they  will  other  parts.  Murders  in 
second  editions  don't  sell  now,  and  aren't 
tried  much,  beyond  a  few,  if  there's  a  late 
verdict.  Curviseer  (Courvoisier)  was  tidy.  The 
trial  weren't  over  'til  evening,  and  I  sold  six 
papers,  and  got  7*.  for  them,  to  gentlemen 
going  away  by  the  mail.  I've  heard  that 

i-re   was  good    in   the   same   way,    but    I 

in  town  at  the  time.  The  French 
Revolution  —  the  last  one — was  certainly  a 
fairish  go.  Lewis  Fillup  was  j/ood  many 

When    he    used    to    he    shot    at— if  the 

news  weren't  too  early  in    the   day — and   when 

'i    when  he  was  said  to 

have  got  back,  or  to  have  teen  t.ikeii.  \\  liy, 
v.cru't  to  compare  with  Hush  in 
the  regular  patter,  but  he  was  very  fair.  1 
have  nothing  to  say  against  him,  and  wish  he 
was  alive,  and  could  do  it  all  over  a;: am.  L»n! 
Brougham's  death  wcrift  worth  much  to  us. 
You  remember  th<  ;.ire  say,  sir. 

they  said    he    killed    hisself   in    the    ]>a| 

t  folks  would  say  on  him. 

•  •f   ;i    prim  i*    mostly    pretty 

good.     Lord    Melhourne   was,  and  so  v. 
Robert  PceL     There's  always  somebody  to  say. 


248 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Hurra!  that's  right!'  and  to  huy  a  paper 
Because  he's  pleased.  I  had  a  red  paper  in 
my  hat  when  I  worked  the  French  Revolution. 
French  news  is  generally  liked  in  a  fashionable 
drag.  Irish  news  is  no  good,  for  people  don't 
Beem  to  believe  it.  Smith  O'Brien's  battle, 
though,  did  sell  a  little.  It's  not  possible  to 
tell  you  exactly  what  I've  made  on  seconds. 
How  can  I  ?  One  week  I  may  have  cleared 
II.  in  them,  and  for  six  months  before  not  a 
blessed  brown.  Perhaps — as  near  as  I  can 
recollect  and  calculate — I've  cleared  3/.  (if 
that)  each  year,  one  with  another,  in  second 
editions  in  my  time,  and  perhaps  twenty  others 
has  done  the  same." 

Another  man  who  also  knew  the  old  hands 
said  to  me :  "  Lord  bless  us,  how  times  is 
changed!  you  should  have  heard  Jack  Grif- 
fiths tell  how  he  cried  his  gazettes :  '  He-ere't 
the  London  Gazette  Ex-terornary,  containing 
the  hof-ficial  account  of  the  bloody  and  deci- 
sive wictory  of  Sally-manker.'  Something  that 
way.  Patter  wern't  required  then  ;  the  things 
sold  theirselves.  Why,  the  other  day  I  was 
talking  to  a  young  chap  that  conceits  hisself  to 
be  a  hout-and-houter  in  patter,  and  I  men- 
tions Jack's  crying  Gazettes  and  getting  5». 
apiece  for  many  a  one  on  'em,  and  this  young 
chap  says,  says  he :  '  Gazettes !  What  did 
they  cry  Gazettes  ? — bankrupts,  and  all  that  ? ' 
'  Bankrupts  be  blowed  ! '  said  I,  'victories!'  I 
heerd  Waterloo  cried  when  I  was  a  little  'un. 
The  speeches  on  the  opening  of  parliament, 
which  the  newspapers  has  ready,  has  no  sale 
in  the  crowd  to  what  they  had.  I  only  sold 
two  papers  at  Grf.  each  this  last  go.  I  ven- 
tured on  no  more,  or  should  have  been  a  loser. 
If  the  Queen  isn't  there,  none's  sold.  But  we 
always  has  a  speech  ready,  as  close  as  can  be  got 
from  what  the  morning  papers  says.  One  gent 
said  to  me  :  '  But  that  ain't  the  real  speech  ! ' 
'It's  a  far  better,'  says  I,  and  so  it  is.  Why 
now,  sir,  there's  some  reading  and  spirit  in 
this  bit.  The  Queen  says : 

'  It  is  my  determination  by  the  assistance  of  divine 
providence  to  uphold  and  protect  the  Proteitant 
Church  of  the  British  Empire,  which  has  been  en- 
joyed three  hundred  years  without  interuption,  the 
Religion  which  our  ancestors  struggled  to  obtain. 
And  as  long  as  it  shall  please  God  to  spare  me,  I 
will  endeavour  to  maintain  the  rights  and  perogatives 
of  our  holy  Protestant  Church.  And  now  my  Lords, 
I  leave  you  to  your  duties,  to  the  helm  of  the  state,  to 
the  harbour  of  peace,  and  happiness.'" 

This  man  showed  me  the  street  speech,  which 
was  on  a  broad  sheet  set  off  with  the  royal 
arms.  The  topics  and  arrangement  were  the 
same  as  those  in  the  speech  delivered  by  her 
Majesty. 

On  Monday  morning  last  (Feb.  24),  I  asked 
the  man  who  told  me  that  prime  ministers'  re- 
signations were  "pretty  good"  for  the  street 
traffic,  if  he  had  been  well  remunerated  by  the 
sale  of  the  evening  papers  of  Saturday,  with 
the  account  of  Lord  John  Russell's  resignation. 
"  It  wern't  tried,  sir,"  he  answered ;  "  there  was 
nothing  new  in  the  evenings,  and  we  thought 


nobody  seemed  to  care  about  it.  The  new*. 
paper  offices  and  their  boarders  (as  he  called 
the  men  going  about  with  announcements  on 
boards)  didn't  make  very  much  of  it,  so  we  got 
up  a  song  instead  ;  but  it  was  no  good, — not  salt 
to  a  fresh  herring— for  there  was  some  fresh 
herrings  in.  It  was  put  strong,  though.  This 
was  the  last  verse : 

1  Fr^m  the  House  to  the  Palace  it  has  caused  a  bother, 
Old  women  are  tumbling  one  over  another, 
The  Queen  says  it  is  with  her,  one  thing  or  'tother, 

They  mutt  not  discharge  Little  John ; 
Her  Majesty  vows  that  she  is  not  contented, 
And  many  ere  long  will  have  cause  to  repent  it, 
Had  she  been  in  the  house  she  would  nobly  resent  it, 

And  fought  like  a  brick  for  Lord  John.' " 

Adopting  the  calculation  of  my  first  infor- 
mant, and  giving  a  profit  of  150  per  cent.,  we 
find  150/.  yearly  expended  in  the  streets,  in 
second  editions,  or  probably  it  might  be  more 
correct  to  say  200/.  in  a  year  of  great  events, 
and  50/.  in  a  year  when  such  events  are  few. 

OF  THE  STANDING  PATTERERS. 
THE  standing  patterer  I  have  already  described 
in  his  resemblance  to  the  mountebank  of  old, 
and  how,  like  his  predecessor,  he  required  a 
"pitch"  and  an  audience.  I  need  but  iterate 
that  these  standing  patterers  are  men  who  re- 
main in  one  place,  until  they  think  they  have 
exhausted  the  custom  likely  to  accrue  there,  or 
until  they  are  removed  by  the  police  ;  and  who 
endeavour  to  attract  attention  to  their  papers, 
or  more  commonly  pamphlets,  either  by  means 
of  a  board  with  coloured  pictures  upon  it,  illus- 
trative of  the  contents  of  what  they  sell,  or  else 
by  gathering  a  crowd  round  about  them,  in 
giving  a  lively  or  horrible  description  of  the 
papers  or  books  they  are  "  working."  The 
former  is  what  is  usually  denominated  in  street 
technology,  "  board  work."  A  few  of  the  stand- 
ing patterers  give  street  recitations  or  dialogues. 

Some  of  the  "  illustrations"  most  "  in  vogue" 
of  late  for  the  boards  of  the  standing  patterers 
were, — the  flogging  of  the  nuns  of  Minsk,  the 
blood  streaming  from  their  naked  shoulders, 
(anything  against  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  I  was 
told,  was  a  good  street  subject  for  a  painting) ; 
the  young  girl,  Sarah  Thomas,  who  murdered 
her  mistress  in  Bristol,  dragged  to  the  gallows 
by  the  turnkeys  and  Calcraft,  the  hangman; 
Calcraft  himself,  when  charged  with  "  starving 
his  mother ;"  Haynau,  in  the  hands  of  the 
draymen ;  the  Mannings,  and  afterwards  the 
Sloanes.  The  two  last-mentioned  were  among 
the  most  elaborate,  each  having  a  series  of 
"  compartments,"  representing  the  different 
stages  of  the  events  in  which  those  heroes  and 
heroines  flourished.  I  shall  speak  afterwards 
of  street- artists  who  are  the  painters  of  these 
boards,  and  then  describe  the  pictures  more 
fully.  There  are  also,  as  before  alluded  to, 
what  may  be  called  "cocks"  in  street  paint- 
ings, as  well  as  street  literature. 

Two  of  the  most  favourite  themes  of  the 
standing  patterers*  were,  however,  the  "  Annali 
of  the  White  House  in  Soho- square,"  And  thJ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


240 


•*  Mysteries   of  Mesmerism."      Both   supplied 
tubjects  to  the  boards. 

The  White  House  was  a  notorious  place  of  ill 
fame.  Some  of  the  apartments,  it  is  said,  were 
furnished  in  a  style  of  costly  luxury ;  while 
others  were  fitted  up  with  springs,  traps,  and 
other  contrivances,  so  as  to  present  no  appear- 
ance other  than  that  of  an  ordinary  room,  until 
the  machinery  was  set  in  motion.  In  one  room, 
into  which  some  wretched  girl  might  be  intro- 
duced, on  her  drawing  a  curtain  as  she  would  be 
desired,  a  skeleton,  grinning  horribly,  was  pre- 
cipitated forward,  and  caught  the  terrified 
creature  in  his,  to  all  appearance,  bony  arms. 
In  another  chamber  the  lights  grew  dim,  and 
then  seemed  gradually  to  go  out  In  a  little 
time  some  candles,  apparently  self-ignited,  re- 
vealed to  a  horror  stricken  woman,  a  black 
coffin,  on  the  lid  of  which  might  be  seen,  in 
brass  letters,  ANNE,  or  whatever  name  it  had 
been  ascertain  d  the  poor  wretch  was  known  by. 
A  sofa,  in  another  part  of  the  mansion,  was 
made  to  descend  into  some  place  of  utter  dark- 
ness ;  or,  it  was  alleged,  into  a  room  in  which 
was  a  store  of  soot  or  ashes. 

Into  the  truth  or  exaggeration  of  these  and 
similar  statements,  it  is  not  my  business  to 
inquire;  but  the  standing  patterer  made  the 
most  of  them.  Although  the  house  in  question 
has  been  either  rebuilt  or  altered — I  was  told 
that  each  was  the  case — and  its  abominable 
character  has  ceased  to  apply  to  it  for  some 
the  patterer  did  not  scruple  to  represent  it 
as  still  in  existence  (though  he  might  change 
the  venue  as  to  the  square  at  discretion)  and 
that  all  the  atrocities  perpetrated — to  which  I 
have  not  ventured  even  to  allude — were  still  the 
ordinary  procedures  of  "high  life."  Neither 
did  the  standing  patterer  scruple,  as  one  man 
1  me,  to  "name  names;"  to  attribute  vile 
deeds  to  any  nobleman  or  gentleman  whose 
name  was  before  the  public  ;  and  to  embellish 
his  story  by  an  allusion  to  a  recent  event  He 
not  unfrequently  ended  with  a  moral  exhorta- 
tion to  all  ladies  present  to  avoid  this  "  abode  of 
iniquity  for  the  rich."  The  board  was  illus- 
trated with  skeletons,  coffins,  and  other  horrors  ; 
but  neither  on  it,  nor  in  a  hardly  intelligible 
narrative  which  the  patterer  sold,  was  there 
anything  indecent 

The  "  Mysteries  of  Mesmerism"  was  an  ac- 
count of  the  marvels  of  th.it  "  newly-discovered 
Ful  power  in  natur   and   art" 
With    it    Dr.    KllioUon's,  or  some  well-known 

was  usually  associated,  and  any 
was  "  pattered,"  according  to  the  patterer' •  taste 
and  ju  .     .  .ie  illustrations  were  of  persons, 

ily  women,  in  a  state  of  coma,  but 
al»o  there  was  no  indecency  ;  nor  was  there  in 
rntive  sold. 

•hese  two  popular  exhibitions  there  are, 
I  AID  informed,  none  now  in  town,  and  both,  I 
was  told,  was  more  the  speculations  of  a  ; 
who  sent  out  men,  than  in  the  hands  of  the 
regular  patterers. 

It  may  tend  somewhat  to  elucidate  the  cha- 


racter of  the  patterers,  if  I  here  state,  that  in 
my  conversation  with  the  whole  of  them,  I 
heard  from  their  lips  strong  expressions  ol 
disgust  at  Sloane,  —  far  stronger  than  were 
uttered  in  abhorrence  of  any  murderer.  Hush, 
indeed,  was,  and  is,  a  popular  man  among 
them.  One  of  them  told  me,  that  not  long 
before  Madame  Tussaud's  death,  he  thought  of 
calling  upon  that  "  wenerable  lady,"  and  asking 
her,  he  said,  "  to  treat  me  to  something  to  drink 
the  immortal  memory  of  Mr.  Rush,  my  friend 
and  her'n." 

It  is  admitted  by  all  concerned  in  the  exercise 
of  street  elocution,  that  "the  stander"  must 
have  "  the  best  of  patter."  He  usually  works 
alone, — there  are  very  rarely  two  at  standing 
patter, — and  beyond  his  board  he  has  no  adven- 
titious aids,  as  in  the  running  patter,  so  that  he 
must  be  all  the  more  effective ;  but  the  board  is 
pronounced  "as  good  as  a  man."  When  the 
standing  patterer  visits  the  country,  he  is  ac- 
companied by  a  mate,  and  the  "  copy  of  werses" 
is  then  announced  as  being  written  by  an  "  under- 
paid curate"  within  a  day's  walk.  "  It  tells 
mostly,  sir,"  said  one  man ;  "  for  it's  a  blessing 
to  us  that  there  always  is  a  journeyman  parson 
what  the  people  knows,  and  what  the  patter 
fits."  Sometimes  the  poetry  is  attributed  to  a 
sister  of  mercy,  or  to  a  popular  poetess ;  very 
frequently,  by  the  patterers  who  best  under- 
stand the  labouring  classes,  to  Miss  Eliza 
Cook.  Sometimes  the  verses  are  written  by 
"  a  sympathising  gent,  in  that  parish,"  but  his 
name  wasn't  to  be  mentioned.  Another  intel- 
ligent patterer  whom  I  questioned  on  the  sub- 
ject, told  me  that  my  information  was  correct. 
"  It's  just  the  same  in  the  newspapers,"  he 
continued ;  "  why  the  '  sympathising  gent'  is 
the  same  with  us  as  what  in  the  newspapers 
is  called  "  other  intelligence  (about  any  crime), 
to  publish  which  might  defeat  the  ends  of 
justice."  That  means,  they  know  nothing  at 
all  about  it,  and  can't  so  much  as  venture  on 
a  guess.  I've  known  a  little  about  it  for  the 
papers,  sir, — it  doesn't  matter  in  what  line." 

Some  standing  patterers  are  brought  up  to  the 
business  from  childhood.  Some  take  to  it 
through  loss  of  character,  or  through  their  in- 
ability to  obtain  a  situation  from  intemperate 
habits,  and  some  because  "a  free  life  suits  me 
In  a  former  inquiry  into  a  portion  of 
this  subject,  I  sought  ;i  standing  patterer,  whom 
I  found  in  a  threepenny  lodging-house  in  Mint- 
Snuthwark.  On  my  inquiring  what  in- 
duced him  to  adopt,  or  pursue,  that  line  of  life, 
he  said : — 

•vas  distress  that  first  drove  me  to  it  I 
had  learnt  to  make  willow  bonnets,  but  that 
branch  -:t  entirely  out.  So,  having  a 

I  children,  I  was  drove  to  write  out  a 
paper  t.  <>ple's  Addi 

Bt  State  of  the    N 

•••d,  and  took  it  into  the  streets  and 

sold  it.      I  did  very  well  with  it.  and  made  61.  a 

day  while  it  lasted.     I  never  was  brought  up  to 

.  iiaiiK.il  trade.     My  father  wa«  &  cler. 


250 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


gyman"  piere  he  cried  bitterly].  "  It  breaks 
my  heart  when  I  think  of  it.  I  have  as  good  a 
wife  as  ever  lived,  and  I  would  give  the  world  to 
get  out  of  my  present  life.  It  would  be  heaven 
to  get  away  from  the  place  where  I  am.  I  am 
obliged  to  cheer  up  my  spirits.  If  I  was  to  give 
way  to  it,  I  shouldn't  live  long.  It's  like  a  little 
hell  to  be  in  the  place  where  we  live"  [crying], 
"  associated  with  the  ruffians  that  we  are.  My 
distress  of  mind  is  awful,  but  it  won't  do  to  show 
it  at  my  lodgings — they'd  only  laugh  to  see  me 
down-hearted;  so  I  keep  my  trouble  all  to 
myself.  Oh,  I  am  heartily  sick  of  this  street 
work — the  insults  I  have  to  put  up  with — the 
drunken  men  swearing  at  me.  Yes,  indeed,  I 
am  heartily  sick  of  it." 

This  poor  man  had  some  assistance  forwarded 
to  him  by  benevolent  persons,  after  his  case  had 
appeared  in  my  letter  in  the  Morning  Chronicle. 
This  was  the  means  of  his  leaving  the  streets, 
and  starting  in  the  "  cloth-cap  trade."  He 
seemed  a  deserving  man. 

EXPERIENCE  OF  A  STANDING  PATTERER. 
FROM  one  of  this  body  I  received,  at 'the  period 
just  alluded  to,  the  following  information : — 

"  I  have  taken  my  5*.  a  day  (said  my  infor- 
mant) ;  but '  paper '  selling  now  isn't  half  so  good 
as  it  used  to  be.  People  haven't  got  the  money 
to  lay  out ;  for  it  all  depends  with  the  working 
man.  The  least  we  take  in  a  day  is,  upon  an 
average,  sixpence ;  but  taking  the  good  and  bad 
together,  I  should  say  we  take  about  10s.  a  week. 
I  know  there's  some  get  more  than  that,  but 
then  there's  many  take  less.  Lately,  I  know, 
I  haven't  taken  9s.  a  week  myself,  and  people 
reckon  me  one  of  the  best  patterers  in  the  trade. 
I'm  reckoned  to  have  the  gift — that  is,  the  gift 
of  the  gab.  I  never  works  a  last  dying  speech 
on  any  other  than  the  day  of  execution — all  the 
edge  is  taken  off  of  it  after  that  The  last  dying 
speeches  and  executions  are  all  printed  the  day 
before.  They're  always  done  on  the  Sunday,  if 
the  murderers  are  to  be  hung  on  the  Monday. 
I've  been  and  got  them  myself  on  the  Sunday 
night,  over  and  over  again.  The  flying  sta- 
tioners goes  with  the  papers  in  their  pockets, 
and  stand  under  the  drop,  and  as  soon  as  ever  it 
falls,  and  long  before  the  breath  is  out  of  the 
body,  they  begin  bawling  out"  [Here  my  in- 
formant gave  a  further  account  of  the  flying 
stationers  under  the  gallows,  similar  to  what  I 
have  given.  He  averred  that  they  "  invented 
every  lie  likely  to  go  down."]  "  'Here  you 
have  al?o  an  exact  likeness,'  they  say,  '  of  the 
murderer,  taken  at  the  bar  of  the  Old  Bailey  ! ' 
when  all  the  time  it  is  an  old  wood- cut  that's 
been  used  for  every  criminal  for  the  last  forty 
years.  I  know  the  likeness  that  was  gwen  of 
Hocker  was  the  one  that  was  given  for  Fauntle- 
roy ;  and  the  wood-cut  of  Tawell  was  one  that 
was  given  for  the  Quaker  that  had  been  hanged 
for  forgery  twenty  years  before.  ThurtelPs 
Mkeness  was  done  expressly  for  the  '  papers ;' 
end  so  was  the  Mannings'  and  Rush's  like- 
TW-'MS  too.  The  murders  are  bought  by  men, 


women,  and  children.  Many  of  the  trade.- people 
bought  a  great  many  of  the  affair  of  the  Man- 
nings. I  went  down  to  Deptford  with  mine, 
and  did  uncommonly  well.  I  sold  all  off. 
Gentlefolks  won't  have  anything  to  do  with 
murders  sold  in  the  street;  they've  got  other 
ways  of  seeing  all  about  it  We  lay  on  the 
horrors,  and  picture  them  in  the  highest  colours 
we  can.  We  don't  care  what's  in  the  '  papers' 
in  our  hands.  All  we  want  to  do  is  to  sell  'em ; 
and  the  more  horrible  we  makes  the  affairs,  the 
more  sale  we  have.  We  do  very  well  with  '  love- 
letters.'  They  are  '  cocks  ;'  that  is,  they  are  all 
fictitious.  We  give  it  out  that  they  are  from  a 
tradesman  in  the  neighbourhood,  not  a  hundred 
yards  from  where  we  are  a- standing.  Some- 
times we  say  it's  a  well-known  sporting  butcher; 
sometimes  it's  a  highly  respectable  publican — 
just  as  it  will  suit  the  tastes  of  the  neighbour- 
hood. I  got  my  living  round  Cornwall  for  one 
twelvemonth  with  nothing  else  than  a  love- 
letter.  It  was  headed,  '  A  curious  and  laughable 
love-letter  and  puzzle,  sent  by  a  sporting  gentle- 
man to  Miss  H — s — m,  in  this  neighbourhood ;' 
that  suits  any  place  that  I  may  chance  to  be  in  ; 
but  I  always  patter  the  name  of  the  street  or 
village  where  I  may  be.  This  letter,  I  say,  is 
so  worded,  that  had  it  fallen  into  the  hands  of 
her  mamma  or  papa,  they  could  not  have  told 
what  it  meant ;  but  the  young  lady,  having  so 
much  wit,  found  out  its  true  meaning,  and  sent 
him  an  answer  in  the  same  manner.  You  have 
here,  we  say,  the  number  of  the  house,  the  name 
of  the  place  where  she  lives  (there  is  nothing  of 
the  kind,  of  course),  and  the  initials  of  all  the 
parties  concerned.  We  dare  not  give  the  real 
names  in  full,  we  tell  them ;  indeed,  we  do  all 
we  can  to  get  up  the  people's  curiosity.  I  did 
very  well  with  the  '  Burning  of  the  House  of 
Commons.'  I  happened  by  accident  to  put  my 
pipe  into  my  pocket  amongst  some  of  my  papers, 
and  burnt  them.  Then,  not  knowing  how  to 
get  rid  of  them,  I  got  a  few  straws.  I  told  the 
people  that  my  burnt  papers  were  parliament- 
ary documents  that  had  been  rescued  from  the 
flames,  and  that,  as  I  dare  not  sell  them,  I 
would  let  them  have  a  straw  for  a  penny,  and 
give  them  one  of  the  papers.  By  this  trick  I  got 
rid  of  my  stock  twice  as  fast,  and  got  double  the 
price  that  I  should  have  done.  The  papers  had 
nothing  at  all  to  do  with  the  House  of  Commons. 
Some  was  '  Death  and  the  Lady,'  and  '  Death 
and  the  Gentleman,'  and  others  were  the  '  Poli- 
tical Catechism,'  and  365  lies,  Scotch,  English, 
and  Irish,  and  each  lie  as  big  round  as  St  Paul's. 
I  remember  a  party  named  Jack  Straw,  who  laid 
a  wager,  half-a-gallon  of  beer,  that  he'd  bring 
home  the  money  for  two  dozen  blank  papers  in  one 
hour's  time.  He  went  out  into  the  Old- street- 
road,  and  began  a  patter  about  the  political  affairs 
of  the  nation,  and  Sir  Robert  Peel,  and  the  Duke 
of  Wellington,  telling  the  public  that  he  dared 
not  sell  his  papers,  they  were  treasonable ;  so  he 
gave  them  with  a  straw — that  he  sold  for  one 
penny.  In  less  than  the  hour  he  was  sold  clean 
out,  and  returned  and  drank  the  beer.  The 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


25J 


chief  things  that  I  work  are  quarter-sheets  of 
recitations  and  dialogues.  One  is  '  Good  Advice 
to  Young  Men  on  Choosing  their  Wives.'  I  have 
done  exceedingly  well  with  that — it's  a  good 
moral  thing.  Another  is  the  '  Drunkard's  Cate- 
chism ;'  another  is  'The  Rent  Day;  or,  the 
Landlord  gathering  his  Rents.'  This  is  a  dia- 
logue between  the  landlord  and  his  tenant,  be- 
ginning with  '  Good  morning,  Mrs.  Longface ; 
have  you  got  my  rent  ready,  ma'am  ? '  The 
next  one  is  '  The  Adventures  of  Larry  O'Flinn.' 
It's  a  comic  story,  and  a  very  good  got- up 
thing.  Another  is  '  A  Hint  to  Husbands  and 

:'  and  'A  Pack  of  Cards  turned  into  a 
Bible,  a  Prayer-book,  and  an  Almanack.'  These 
cards  belonged  to  Richard  Middleton,  of  the 
60th  regiment  of  foot,  who  was  taken  a  prisoner 
for  playing  at  cards  in  church  during  divine 
sen-ice.  But  the  best  I  do  is  '  The  Remark- 
able Dream  of  a  Young  Man  of  loose  character, 
who  had  made  an  agreement  to  break  into 
a  gentleman's  house  at  twelve  at  night  on 

in  Monday,  but,  owing  to  a  little  drink 
that  he  took,  he  had  a  remarkable  dream, 
and  dreamed  he  was  in  hell.  The  dream  had 
such  influence  on  his  mind  that  he  refused  to 
meet  his  comrade.  His  comrade  was  taken  up 
for  the  burglary,  found  guilty,  and  executed 
for  it.  This  made  such  an  impression  on  the 
young  man's  mind  that  he  became  a  reformed 
character.'  There  is  a  very  beautiful  description 
of  bell  in  this  paper,"  said  my  informant,  "  that 
makes  it  sell  very  well  among  the  old  women 
and  the  apprentice  lads,  for  the  young  man  was 
an  apprentice  himself.  It's  all  in  very  pretty 
poetry,  and  a  regular  '  cock.'  The  papers  that 
I  work  chiefly  are  what  are  called  '  the  standing 
patters;'  they're  all  of  'em  stereotype,  and 
some  of  them  a  hundred  years  old.  \Ve  con- 
sider the  'death  hunters'  are  the  lowest  grade 
in  the  trade.  We  can  make  most  money  of 
the  murders  while  they  last,  but  they  don't 
last,  and  they  merely  want  a  good  pair  of  lungs 
to  get  them  off  But  it's  not  every  one,  sir, 
that  can  work  the  standing  patters.  Many 
persons  I've  seen  try  at  it  and  fail.  One  old 
tried  the  '  Drunkard's  Catechism  ' 
and  the  '  Soldier's  Prayer-book  and  Bible.'  He 

manage  to    patter  these   because   they'll 
mselves ;    but   'Old    Mother 
Clifton'  he  broke  down  in.     I  heard  him  do  it 
in  Sun-street  and  in  the  Blackfriars-road  ;  but 
it   wa*   such    a   (i:  are  —  he  couldn't 

humour  it  a  bit-  •  It-,  my  sell 

soon   have  to  give  up,   and  sure 

printer's  s 
poor  a  ">ys  and  girls,  at, 

•  ughing  at  him"  because  he  made  K» 
Mum!.  man  that's  never  been  to  school 

an   hour  can  go  and  patter  a  dying  speech  or 

•  ween  Two  Ladies  of  Poi 
no  scholarship.    All  you  w 

•  your  hat,  to  attract  attention,  and  to 
make  all  the  noise  you  can.     It's  all  the  tame 
when    they   doe*   an   '  Assassination   of 
Philippe,'  01  a  •  Diabo! 


of  the  Queen' — a  good  stout  pair  of  lungs  and 
plenty  of  impudence  is  all  that  is  required.  But 
to  patter  '  Bounce,  the  Workhouse  Beadle,  and 
the  Examination  of  the  Paupers  before  the  Poor- 
law  Commissioners,'  takes  a  good  head-piece 
and  great  gift  of  the  gab,  let  me  tell  you.  It'g 
just  the  same  as  a  play-actor.  I  can  assure  you 
I  often  feel  very  nervous.  I  begin  it,  and  walk 
miles  before  I  can  get  confidence  in  myself  to 
make  the  attempt  I  got  rid  of  two  quire  last 
night  I  was  up  among  the  gentlemen's  servants 
in  Crawford-street,  Baker-street,  and  I  had  a 
very  good  haul  out  of  the  grown-up  people. 
I  cleared  1*.  8d.  altogether.  I  did  that  from 
seven  till  nine  in  the  evening.  It's  all  chance- 
work.  If  it's  fine,  and  I  can  get  a  crowd  of 
grown-up  people  round  me,  I  can  do  very  well, 
but  I  can't  do  anything  amongst  the  boys. 
There's  very  little  to  be  done  in  the  day-time. 
I  begin  at  ten  in  the  day,  and  stop  out  till  one. 
After  that  I  starts  off  again  at  five,  and  leaves 
off  about  ten  at  night.  Marylebone,  Padding- 
ton,  and  Westminster  I  find  the  best  places. 
The  West-end  is  very  good  the  early  part  of  the 
week,  for  any  thing  that's  genteel,  such  as  the 
1  Rich  Man  and  his  Wife  quarrelling  because 
they  have  no  Family.'  Our  customers  there  are 
principally  the  footmen,  the  grooms,  and  the  maid- 
servants. The  east  end  of  the  town  is  the  best 
on  Friday  and  Saturday  evenings.  I  very  often 
go  to  Limehouse  on  Friday  evening.  Most  part 
of  the  dock-men  are  paid  then,  and  anything 
comic  goes  off  well  among  them.  On  Saturdays 
I  go  to  the  New-cut,  Ratcliff-highway,  the  Brill, 
and  such  places.  I  make  mostly  2s.  clear  on  a 
Saturday  night  After  nineteen  years'  experi- 
ence of  the  patter  and  paper  line  in  the  streets, 
1  find  that  a  foolish  nonsensical  thing  will  sell 
twice  as  fast  as  a  good  moral  sentimental  one ; 
and,  while  it  lasts,  a  good  murder  will  cut  out 
the  whole  of  them.  It's  the  best  selling  thing 
of  any.  I  used  at  one  time  to  patter  religious 
tracts  in  the  street,  but  I  found  no  encourage- 
ment I  did  the  'Infidel  Blacksmith'  —  that 
would  not  sell.  'What  is  Happiness/  a  Dia- 
logue between  Ellen  and  Mary'— that  v 
go.  No  more  was  the  '  Sorrows  of  Seduction.' 
So  I  was  driven  into  the  comic  standing  patters." 

Tlu.-   more-   remit  "experiences"  of  standing 
•irtailed  to  me.  diller  so 

little   in   subject,  or  anything  else,  from  \\lut  I 
have  gi\  .ing  running  patterers,  that  to 

cite  them  would  be  a  repetition. 

From  the  best  information  to  be  obtained,  I 

0  doubt  that  there  are  always  at  least  20 

-sometimes    tli'ey   are  called 

"boardmcn" — at  work  in  London.     Some  of 

run"  occasionally,  but  an  equal  number 

or  more,  of  the  regular  "  runners"   resort  now 

and  then  to  the  standing  patter,  so  the  sum  is 

Notwithstanding  the  drawbacks  of  bad  wea- 

affects  the  stand  in  -,  and   d 
iiv  running,  pattercr ;   and 

I  am  of  opinion  that  the  standing  pattern 


252 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


on  an  average  Is.  a  week  more  than  his  running 
brother.  His  earnings  too  are  often  all  his 
own ;  whereas  the  runners  are  a  '  school,'  and, 
their  gains  divided.  More  running  patterers 
become,  on  favourable  occasions,  stationary, 
with  boards,  perhaps  in  the  proportion  of  five  to 
four,  than  the  stationary  become  itinerant  One 
standing  patterer  told  me,  that,  during  the  ex- 
citement about  the  Sloanes,  he  cleared  full  3s.  a 
day  for  more  than  a  week ;  but  at  other  times 
he  had  cleared  only  1*.  6d.  in  a  whole  week, 
and  he  had  taken  nothing  when  the  weather 
was  too  wet  for  the  standing  work,  and  there 
was  nothing  up  to  "  run  "  with. 

If,  then,  20  standing  patterers  clear  10*. 
weekly,  each,  the  year  through — "taking"  15s. 
weekly — we  find  that  780/.  is  yearly  expended 
in  the  standing  patter  of  London  streets. 

The  capital  required  for  the  start  of  the 
standing  is  greater  than  that  needed  by  the 
running  patterer.  The  painting  for  a  board 
costs  3s.  6d. ;  the  board  and  pole,  with  feet,  to 
which  it  is  attached,  5s.  6d. ;  and  stock-money, 
2s.;  in  all,  lls. 

OF  POLITICAL  LITANIES,  DIALOGUES,  ETC. 

To  "  work  a  litany"  in  the  streets  is  considered 
one  of  the  higher  exercises  of  professional  skill 
on  the  part  of  the  patterer.  In  working  this,  a 
clever  patterer — who  will  not  scruple  to  intro- 
duce anything  out  of  his  head  which  may  strike 
him  as  suitable  to  his  audience — is  very  particu- 
lar in  his  choice  of  a  mate,  frequently  changing 
his  ordinary  partner,  who  may  be  good  "  at  a 
noise"  or  a  ballad,  but  not  have  sufficient  acute- 
ness  or  intelligence  to  patter  politics  as  if  he 
understood  what  he  was  speaking  about  I  am 
told  that  there  are  not  twelve  patterers  in  Lon- 
don whom  a  critical  professor  of  street  elocution 
will  admit  to  be  capable  of  '  working  a  cate- 
chism' or  a  litany.  "Why,  sir,"  said  one  pat- 
terer, "  I've  gone  out  with  a  mate  to  work  a 
litany,  and  he's  humped  it  in  no  time."  To 
'  hump,'  in  street  parlance,  is  equivalent  to 
'  botch,"  in  more  genteel  colloquialism.  "  And 
when  a  thing's  humped,"  my  informant  con- 
tinued, "  you  can  only  '  call  a  go.'  "  To  '  call  a 
go,'  signifies  to  remove  to  another  spot,  or  adopt 
some  other  patter,  or,  in  short,  to  resort  to  some 
change  or  other  in  consequence  of  a  failure. 

An  elderly  man,  not  now  in  the  street  trade, 
but  who  had  "  pattered  off  a  few  papers"  some 
years  ago,  told  me  that  he  had  heard  three  or 
four  old  hands — "  now  all  dead,  for  they're  a 
short-lived  people" — talk  of  the  profits  gained 
and  the  risk  ran  by  giving  Hone's  parodies  on 
the  Catechism,  Litany,  St  Athanasius'  Creed,  &c. 
in  the  streets,  after  the  three  consecutive  trials 
and  the  three  acquittals  of  Hone  had  made  the 
parodies  famous  and  Hone  popular.  To  work 
them  in  the  streets  was  difficult,  "  for  though," 
said  my  informant,  "  there  was  no  new  police  in 
them  days,  there  was  plenty  of  officers  and  con- 
stables ready  to  pull  the  fellows  up,  and  though 
Hone  was  acquitted,  a  beak  that  wanted  to  please 
the  high  dons,  would  find  some  way  of  stopping 


them  that  sold  Hone's  things  in  the  street,  and 
so  next  to  nothing  could  be  done  that  way,  but 
a  little  was  done."  The  greatest  source  of  profit, 
I  learned  from  the  reminiscences  of  the  same 
man,  was  in  the  parlours  and  tap-rooms  of  pub- 
lic-houses, where  the  patterers  or  reciters  were 
well  paid  "  for  going  through  their  catechisms," 
and  sometimes,  that  there  might  be  no  interrup- 
tion, the  door  was  locked,  and  even  the  landlord 
and  his  servants  excluded.  The  charge  was 
usually  2d.  a  copy,  but  Id.  was  not  refused. 

During  Queen  Caroline's  trial  there  were  the 
like  interruptions  and  hindrances  to  similar  per- 
formances ;  and  the  interruptions  continued  dur- 
ing the  passing  of  the  Catholic  Emancipation 
Bill  until  about  the  era  of  the  Reform  Bill,  and 
then  the  hindrance  was  but  occasional.  "  And 
perhaps  it  was  our  own  fault,  sir,"  said  one  pat- 
terer, "  that  we  was  then  molested  at  all  in  the 
dialogues  and  catechisms  and  things ;  but  we 
was  uncommon  bold,  and  what  plenty  called 
sarcy,  at  that  time:  we  was  so." 

Thus  this  branch  of  a  street  profession  con- 
tinued to  be  followed,  half  surreptitiously,  until 
after  the  subsidence  of  the  political  ferment 
consequent  on  the  establishment  of  a  new  fran- 
chise and  the  partial  abolition  of  an  old  one. 
The  calling,  however,  has  never  been  popular 
among  street  purchasers,  and  I  believe  that  it 
is  sometimes  followed  by  a  street-patterer  as 
much  from  the  promptings  of  the  pride  of  art 
as  from  the  hope  of  gain. 

The  street-papers  in  the  dialogue  form  have 
not  been  copied  nor  derived  from  popular  pro- 
ductions— but  even  in  the  case  of  Political 
Litanies  and  Anti- Corn-law  Catechisms  and 
Dialogues  are  the  work  of  street  authors. 

One  intelligent  man  told  me,  that  properly  to 
work  a  political  litany,  which  referred  to  eccle- 
siastical matters,  he  "made  himself  up,"  as 
well  as  limited  means  would  permit,  as  a 
bishop  !  and  "  did  stunning,  until  he  was  afraid 
of  being  stunned  on  skilly."  Of  the  late  papers 
on  the  subject  of  the  Pope,  I  cite  the  one  which 
was  certainly  the  best  of  all  that  appeared,  and 
concerning  which  indignant  remonstrances  were 
addressed  to  some  of  the  newspapers.  The 
"  good  child"  in  the  patter,  was  a  tall  bulky 
man ;  the  examiner  (also  the  author),  was 
rather  diminutive  : — 

"  The  old  Engluh  Bull  John  T.  the  Pope't  Bull  of 

of  Rome. 

"  My  good  Child  as  it  is  necessary  at  this  very 
important  crisis;  when,  that  good  pious  a«d  very  rea- 
sonable old  gentleman  Pope  Pi-ass  the  nineth  has 
promised  to  favor  us  with  his  presence,  and  the  plea- 
sures of  Popery — and  trampled  on  the  rights  and  pri- 
vilages  which,  we,  as  Englishmen,  and  Protestants, 
have  engaged  for  these  last  three  hundred  years- 
Since  Bluff,  king  Hal.  began  to  take  a  dislike  to  tht 
broad  brimmed  hat  of  the  venerable  Cardinal  \\ 
and  proclaimed  himself  an  heretic;  It  is  ned 
say,  for  you,  and  all  of  you,  to  be  perfect  in  your  Les- 
sons so  as  you  may  be  able  to  verbly  chastize  this 
saucy  prelate,  his  newly  made  Cardina.  Foolishman, 
and  the  whole  host  of  Pust  ites  and  protect  our  beloved 
Queen,  our  Church,  and  our  Constitution. 

"  Q.  Now  my  boy  can  you  tell  me  what  is  youi 
Name? 

'  A.  B Protestant. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


253 


"  U.  How  came  you  by  that  name  f 
"A,  At  the  time  of  Harry  the  stout,  when  Popery 
was  in  a  galloping  consumption  the  people  protested 
against  the  surpremacy  and  instalence  of  the  Pope; 
uid  his  Colleges  had  struck  deep  at  the  hallow  tree 
«f  superstition  I  pained  the  name  of  Protestant,  and 
proud  am  I.  and  ever  shall  be  to  stick  to  it  till  the  day 
of  my  death. 

"  Let  ut  say. 

"  From  all  Cardinals  whether  wise  or  foolish.  Oh  ! 
Queen  Spare  us. 

"  Spare  ut,  Oh  Queen. 

"  From  the  pleasure  of  the  Rack,  and  the  friend- 
ship of  the  kind  hearted  officers  of  the  Inquisition. 
Oh !  Johnny  hear  us. 

"  Oh  !  Russell  hear  us. 

"  From  the  comforts  of  being  frisled  like  a  devil'd 
kindney.  Oh  !  Nosey  save  us. 

••  Hear  ut  Oh  Arthur. 

"  From  such  saucy  Prelates,  as  Pope  Pi-ass.  Oh ! 
Cumming's  lave  us. 

''  Sare  ut  good  Gumming. 

"  And  let  us  have  no  more  Burnings  in  smithfield, 
no  more  warm  drinks  In  the  shape  of  boiled  oil.  or, 
molten  lead,  and  send  the  whole  host  of  Pusyites 
along  •with  the  Pope,  Cardinals  to  the  top  of  mount 
HIP  there  to  dine  off  of  hot  lava,  so  that  we  may 
live  in  p..ace  &  shout  long  live  our  Queed,  and  No 
Popery !  " 

For  some  pitches  the  foregoing  was  sufficient, 
for  a  street  auditory  "  hates  too  long  a  patter  ;" 
but  where  a  favourable  opportunity  offered,  easily 
tested  by  the  pecuniary  beginnings,  the  "  Lesson 
of  the  Day"  was  given  in  addition,  and  was  in- 
serted after  the  second  "Answer"  in  the  fore- 
going parody,  so  preceding  the  "  Let  us  say :" 

14  The  Let  ton  of  the  Day. 

"  You  seem  an  intelligent  lad,  so  I  think  you  are 
quite  capable  of  Reading  with  me  the  Lessons  for  this 

•'  Now  the  Lesson  for  the  day  is  taken  from  all  parts 
of  the  Book  of  Martyr's,  beginning  at  just  where  you 
like. 

"  It  was  about  the  year  1835,  that  a  certain  renagade 
of  the  name  of  Pussy— I  beg  his  pardon,  I  mean  Pusey, 
like  a  snake  who  stung  his  master  commenced  crawling 
step,  from  the  master;  he  was  bound  to  serve 
to  worship  a  puppet,  arrayed  in  a  spangle  and  tincel 
of  a  romish  showman. 

"  And  the  pestelance  that  he  shed  around  spread 
rapidly  through  the  minds  of  many  unworthy  members 
of  our  established  Church  ;  even  up  to  the  : 

•50,  inasmuch  that  St  Harnabus,  of  I'imlico, 

unable  to  to  see  the  truth  by  the  aid  of  his  occulars, 

I   four  pounds  of  long  sixes  in  the  mid  day. 

that  he  Tiiu-ht  see  through  the  fog  of  his  own  folly,  by 

which  he  was  surrounded. 

Pope  Pi-ass  the  nincth  taking  advantage  of 
the  hubub,  did  create  unto  himself  a  Cardinal  in  the 
person  of  one  \ 

"  And  Cardinal  broadbrim  claimed  four  con: 

1  ashisdioces.and  i 

as  many  more  as  his  sees,  but  the  people  of  i 
could  not  aee  that,  so  they  declared  aloud  they  would 
•ee  them  blowed  first. 

"  So  when  Jack  Russell  beard  of  his  meet  impudent 
intentions,  be  sent  him  a  Letter  saying  it  was  the 
••people  of  England  never  again  to  sub- 
n  famous  mumenri  for  the  burn 
tatthfield  wan  sti  -y. 

:  behold  mat  meetings  were  held  in  different 
<  Pope  was  burnt  in  efflgy, 

i  the  citisena  of  London  were  stanch  to  a  m.in , 


•ifbt  bavt  been  heard  even  unto  the  Vatican 


"  And  when  his  holyness  the  Pope  heard  that  hik 
power  was  set  at  naught,  his  nose  became  blue  even 
as  a  bilberry  with  rage  and  declared  Russell  and  Cum- 
mings  or  any  who  joined  in  the  No  Popery  cry,  should 
ever  name  the  felisity  of  kissing  his  pious  great  toe. 
"  Thus  Endeth  the  Lesson." 

In  the  course  of  my  inquiries  touching  this 
subject  I  had  more  than  once  occasion  to  observe 
that  an  acute  patterer  had  always  a  reason,  or 
an  excuse  for  anything.  One  quick-witted  Irish- 
man, whom  I  knew  to  be  a  Roman  Catholic, 
was  "working"  a  "  patter  against  the  Pope," 
(not  the  one  I  have  given),  and  on  my  speaking 
to  him  on  the  subject,  and  saying  that  I  sup- 
posed he  did  it  for  a  living,  he  replied :  "  That's 
it  then,  sir.  You're  right,  sir,  yes.  I  work 
it  just  as  a  Catholic  lawyer  would  plead  against 
a  Catholic  paper  for  a  libel  on  Protestants — 
though  in  his  heart  he  knew  the  paper  was  right 
— and  a  Protestant  lawyer  would  defend  the  libel 
hammer  and  tongs.  Bless  you,  sir,  you'll  not  find 
much  more  honour  that  way  among  us  (laughing) 
than  among  them  lawyers;  not  much."  The 
readiness  with  which  the  sharpest  of  those  men 
plead  the  doings  not  only  of  tradesmen,  but  of 
the  learned  and  sacred  professions,  to  justify 
themselves,  is  remarkable. 

Sometimes  a  dialogue  is  of  a  satirical  nature. 
One  man  told  me  that  the  "  Conversation  be- 
tween Achilles  and  the  Wellington  Statue,"  of 
which  I  give  the  concluding  moiety,  was  "among 
the  best,"  (he  meant  for  profit),  "  but  no  great 
thing."  My  informant  was  Achilles — or,  as  he 
pronounced  it,  Atchilees — and  his  mate  was  the 
statue,  or  "  man  on  the  horse."  The  two  lines, 
in  the  couplet  form,  which  precede  every  two 
paragraphs  of  dialogue,  seem  as  if  they  repre- 
sent the  speakers  wrongfully.  The  answer 
should  be  attributed,  in  eacli  case,  to  Achilles. 

••  The  hoarse  voice  it  came  from  the  statue  of  Achilles 

And  'twas  answer'd  thus  by  the  man  on  the  horse. 

'•  Little  man  of  little  mind  havr.'t  I  now  got  iron 
blinds,  and  bomb-proof  rails  when  danger  a>s<iils,  a 
cunning  devised  job,  to  keep  out  an  unruly  mob,  with 
high  and  ambitious  views  and  remarkable  queei 
shoes;  I  say,  Old  Nakedness,  I  say,  come  and  see  my 
frontage  over  the  way,  but  I  believe  you  can't  get  out 
after  ten ! 

"  No,  you're  as  near  where  you  are  as  at  Uu  it  re 
Bras,  I  hear  a  great  deal  what  the  public  think  and 
feel,  plain  as  the  nose  on  your  face,  we're  deemed  a 
national  disgrace;  they  grumble  at  your  highness, 
and  at  my  want  of  shyness,  and  say  many  unpleasant 
things  of  Ligny  and  Marchienne  ! 
"  The  hoarse  voice  it  came  from  the  statue  of  Achilles 

And  'twas  answer'd  thus  by  the  man  on  the  horse. 

"  Ah  !  its  a  few  days  since  the  Nive,  where  Souk 

found  iii'  ind  the  grand  t'iralloo  I  made  at 

\;   wa-ii't   I   in  a  nice  mess,  when  Honey  left 

:    left   no  address,  besides  l.'m  other  jobs  with 

••  But  then  ;  iv,  poor  unfortunate  Ney, 

and  that    you   were  dancing   at   a  ball,    and  not  near 
•nf  at  all.  and  that  the  job  might 

have  been  done  rather  cleaner,  and  it  wa*  a  si 

go  to  send  Sir  Hudson  Lowe,  and  that  you  t 

cularcare  of  N..    I.  at  \\aterloo. 

'mm  the  Mat ne  of  Achilles 

:i.i»  "ii  the  horse. 
..•I  'rot  em.  wh'i  •  aid  •  t  |,  (iuanli 
.  know  that  i  eived 

en  hooted  by  a  thousand  or  near 
by  an  old  grenadier,  to  no  whopping  I  gov. 


254 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


good  luck  to  his  old  tin  pot,  ohf  there's  a  deal  of  brass 
in  me  I'll  allow. 

"  Its  prophecied  you'll  break  down,  they're  crying 
It  about  town,  and  many  jokes  are  past,  that  you're 
brought^to  the  scaffold  at  last,  and  they  say  I  look 
bl.-.ck,  because  I've  no  shirt  to  my  back,  and  its  getting 
broad  daylight,  I  vow  ! 
"  The  hoarse  voice  it  came  from  the  statue  of  Achillea 

But  'twas  answer'd  thus  by  the  man  on  the  horse. 

"  H.    V.    HOOKER." 

Of  parodies  other  than  the  sort  of  compound 
of  the  Litany  and  other  portions  of  the  Church 
Service,  which  I  have  given,  there  are  none  in 
the  streets — neither  are  there  political  duets. 
Such  productions  as  parodies  on  popular  songs, 
"  Cab  !  cab !  cab ! "  or  "  Trip  !  trip !  trip  !"  are 
now  almost  always  derived,  for  street-service, 
from  the  concert-rooms.  But  they  relate  more 
immediately  to  ballads,  or  street  song ;  and  not 
to  patter. 

OF  "  COCKS,"  ETC. 

THESE  "  literary  forgeries,"  if  so  they  may  be 
called,  have  already  been  alluded  to  under  the 
head  of  the  "  Death  and  Fire  Hunters,"  but  it 
is  necessary  to  give  a  short  account  of  a  few  of 
the  best  and  longest  know  nof  those  stereotyped  ; 
no  new  cocks,  except  for  an  occasion,  have  been 
printed  for  some  years. 

One  of  the  stereotyped  cocks  is,  the  "  Married 
Man  Caught  in  a  Trap."  One  man  had  known 
it  sold  "for  years  and  years,"  and  it  served, 
he  said,  when  there  was  any  police  report  in  the 
papers  about  sweethearts  in  coal-cellars,  &c. 
The  illustration  embraces  two  compartments. 
In  one  a  severe-looking  female  is  assaulting  a 
man,  whose  hat  has  been  knocked  off  by  the 
contents  of  a  water-jug,  which  a  very  stout 
woman  is  pouring  on  his  head  from  a  window. 
In  the  other  compartment,  as  if  from  an  adjoin- 
ing room,  two  women  look  on  encouragingly. 
The  subject  matter,  however,  is  in  no  accord- 
ance with  the  title  or  the  embellishment.  It  is  a 
love-letter  from  John  S — n  to  his  most  "  adora- 
ble Mary."  He  expresses  the  ardour  of  his 
passion,  and  then  twits  his  adored  with  some- 
thing beyond  a  flirtation  with  Robert  E— ,  a 
"  decoyer  of  female  innocence."  Placably 
overlooking  this,  however,  John  S — n  con- 
tinues : — 

"  My  dearest  angel  consent  to  my  request,  and  keep 
me  no  longer  in  suspense— nothing,  on  my  part,  shall 
ever  bo  wanting  to  make  you  happy  and  comfortable. 
My  apprenticeship  will  expire  in  four  months  from 
hence,  when  I  intend  to  open  a  shop  in  the  small  ware 
line,  and  your  abilities  in  dress-making  and  self-adjust- 
ing stay-maker,  and  the  ate istance  of  a  few  female  me- 
chanics, we  shall  be  able  to  realize  an  independency." 

"  Many  a  turn  in  seductions  talked  about  in 
the  papers  and  not  talked  about  nowhere,"  said 
one  man,  "  has  that  slum  served  for,  besides 
other  things,  such  as  love-letters,  and  confes- 
sions of  a  certain  lady  in  this  neighbourhood." 

Another  old  cock  is  headed,  "  Extraordinary 
and  Funny  Doings  in  this  Neighbourhood." 
The  illustration  is  a  young  lady,  in  an  evening 
dress,  sitting  with  an  open  letter  in  her  hand,  on  a 
sort  of  garden- seat,  in  what  appears  to  be  a 
churchyard.  After  a  smart  song,  enforcing  the 


ever-neglected  advice  that  people  should  "  look 
at  home  and  mind  their  own  business,"  are 
two  letters,  the  first  from  R.  G. ;  the  answer 
from  S.  H.  M.  The  gentleman's  epistle  com- 
mences:— 

"  Madam, 

"  The  love  and  tenderness  I  have  hitherto  expressed  for 
you  is  false,  and  I  now  feel  that  my  indifference  towards 
you  increases  every  day,  and  the  more  I  see  you  the  more 
you  appear  ridiculous  in  my  eyes  and  contemptible— 
I  feel  inclined  &  in  every  respect  disposed  &  determined 
to  hate  you.  Believe  me,  I  never  had  any  inclination 
to  offer  you  my  hand." 

The  lady  responds  in  a  similar  strain,  and  the 
twain  appear  very  angry,  until  a  foot-note  offers 
an  explanation :  "  By  reading  every  other  line 
of  the  above  letters  the  true  meaning  will  bo 
found." 

Of  this  class  of  cocks  I  need  cite  no  otheJ 
specimens,  but  pass  on  to  one  of  another 
species  —  the  "Cruel  and  Inhuman  Murder 
Committed  on  the  Body  of  Capt.  Lawson." 
The  illustration  is  a  lady,  wearing  a  coronet, 
stabbing  a  gentleman,  in  full  dress,  through  the 
top  button  of  his  waistcoat.  The  narrative 
commences : — 

"WITH  surprise  we  have  learned  that  this  nvL'h 
bourhood  for  a  length  of  time  was  aina/in.q;ly  alarmed 
this  day  by  a  crowd  of  people  carrying  the  body  of  Mr. 
Junes  Lawless,  to  a  doctor  while  streams  of  blood 
besmeared  the  way  in  such  a  manner  that  the  cries  of 
Murder  re-echoed  the  sound  of  numerous  voices.  It 
appears  that  the  cnuse  of  alarm,  originated  throuizh 
a  court-ship  attended  with  a  solemn  promi&e  of  m;ir 
ria<*e  between  him  and  miss  Lucy  Guard,  a  ha;; 
young  Lady  of  refined  feelings  with  the  intercourse  of 
a  superior  enlightened  mind  she  lived  with  her  aunt 
who  sp.i  :in  nor  cost  to  improve  the  talents 

of  miss  G.  those  seven  years  past,  since  the  death  o( 
her  mother  in  Ludgate  Hill,  London,  and  bore  a  most 
excellent  character  until  she  got  entangled  by  the 
delumps  alcurement  of  Mr.  L." 

The  writer  then  deplores  Miss  Guard's  fall 
from  virtue,  and  her  desertion  by  her  betrayer. 
"  on  account  of  her  fortune  being  small." 
Capt  Lawson,  or  Mr.  James  Lawless,  next 
woos  a  wealthy  City  maiden,  and  the  banns  are 
published.  What  follows  seems  to  me  to  be  a 
rather  intricate  detail : — 

"  We  find  that  the  intended  bride  learned  that  Miss 
Guard,  held  certain  promissory  letters  of  his,  and  that 
she  was  determined  to  enter  an  action  against  him  for 
a  breach  of  promise,  which  moved  clouded  Eclipse 
over  the  extacy  of  the  variable  miss  Lawless  who  knew 
that  Miss  G  had  Letters  of  his  sufficient  to  substan- 
tiate her  claims  in  a  court." 

Lawson  visits  Miss  Guard  to  wheedle  her 
out  of  his  letters,  but  "  she  drew  a  large 
carving-knife  and  stabbed  him  under  the  left 
breast"  At  the  latest  account  the  man  was 
left  without  hope  of  recovery,  while  "  the 
valiant  victress"  was  "ordered  to  submit  to 
judicial  decorum  in  the  nineteenth  year  of  her 
age."  The  murders  and  other  atrocities  for 
which  this  "cock"  has  been  sponsor,  are — I 
was  informed  emphatically — a  thundering  lot ! 

I  conclude  with  another  cock,  which  may  bo 
called  a  narrative  "  on  a  subject,"  as  we  hare 
"ballads  on  a  subject"  (afterwards  to  be  de- 
scribed), but  with  this  difference,  that  the  narra- 
tive is  fictitious,  and  the  ballad  must  be  founded 


LONDON  LABOUR  JXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


255 


on  a  real  tTint,  however  embellished.  The 
highest  newspaper  style,  I  was  told,  was  aimed 
at.  Part  of  the  production  reads  as  if  it  had 
done  service  during  the  Revolution  of  February, 
1848. 

"  Express  from  Paris.  Supposed  Death  of  LOUIS 
NAPOLEON.  We  stop  She  press  to  announce.  That  Luis 
Napoleon  has  been  a*»asinated,  by  some  it  is  said  he 
is  shot  dead,  by  others  that  he  is  only  wounded  in  the 
right  arm. 

"  We  have  most  important  intelligence  from  Paris. 
That  capital  is  in  a  state  of  insurrection.  The  viva- 
cious people,  who  have  herefore  defeated  the  gover- 
nient  by  paving-stones,  have  again  taken  up  those 
>.  On  Tuesday  the  Ministers  forbade  the 
reform  banquet,  and  the  prefect  of  police  published  a 
proclamation  warning  the  people  to  respect  the  laws, 
which  he  declared  were  violated,  and  he  m»ant  to 
enforce  them.  But  the  people  dispised  the  proclama 
tion  and  rejected  his  authority.  They  assembled  in 
great  multitudes  round  the  Chambers  of  Deputies, 
and  forced  their  way  over  the  walls.  They  were 
attacked  by  the  troops  and  dispersed,  but,  re-assembled 
in  various  quarters.  They  showed  their  haired  of  M. 
Guizot  by  demolishing  his  windows  and  attempting  to 
force  an  entrance  into  his  hotel,  but  were  again 
repulced  by  the  troops.  All  the  military  in  Paris, 
and  all  the  National  Guard,  have  been  summoned  to 
arms,  and  every  preparation  made  on  the  part  of  the 
government  to  put  down  the  people. 

"  The  latter  have  raised  barricades  in  various  places, 
and  have  unpaved  the  streets,  overturned  omnibusses, 
and  made  preparations  for  a  vigorous  assault,  or  a 
protracted  resistance. 

"  Five  o'Closk— At  this  momont  the  Rue  St.  Honore 

is  blockaded  by  a  detachment  dragoons,  who  fill  the 

market-place  near  the  Rue  des  Petits  Champs,  and  are 

:i .'  the  people  sword  in  hand,  carriages  full  of 

teople  are  being  taken  to  the  hospitals. 

"  In  fact  the  maddest  excitement  reigns  throughout 
the  capital. 

"  Half  past  Six. — During  the  above  we  have  insti- 
tuted enquiries  at  the  Foreign  office,  they  have  not 
received  any  inteligence  of  the  above  report,  if  it  lias 
come,  it  must  have  been  by  pigeon  express.  We  have 
not  given  the  above  in  our  columns  with  a  view  of  its 
authenticity,  any  further  information  as  soon  as  ob- 
tained shall  be  Immediately  announced  to  the  public." 

OF  "  STRAWINO." 

I  have  already  alluded  to  "  strawing,"  which 
can  hardly  be  described  as  quackery.  It  is 
rather  a  piece  of  mountebankery.  Many  a 
quack — confining  the  term  to  its  most  common 
signification,  that  of  a  "  quack  doctor  " — has 
faith  in  the  excellence  of  his  own  nostrums, 
and  so  proffers  that  which  he  believes  to  be 
curative:  the  strawer,  however,  sells  what  he 
Icnotet  is  not  what  he  represents  it 

The  strawer  lifers  to  tell  any  passer  by  in 
the  streets  *  «craw  and  to  give  the  purchaser  a 
paper  which  he  dares  not  sell.  Accordingly  as 
he  judges  of  the  character  of  his  an 
intimates  that  the  paper  is  political,  libellous, 
irreligious,  or  indecent 

I  am  told  that  as  far  back  as  twenty-: 
twenty- nix  years,  straws  were  sold,  but  only  in 
the  country,  with  leav.  /(fpubttcan,  a 

periodical  published  by  Carlile,  ti. 
street,  which  had  been  prosecuted  by  the  r 
ment  ;   but  it  seems  that  the  trade  died  away, 
and  wa»  little  or   hardly  known  a^ain  until  the 

f  the  trial  of  Queen  < 
but   sparingly.      The   straw    sale    reached    its 


highest  commercial  pitch  at  the  eia  of  the 
Reform  Bili.  The  most  successful  trader  in 
the  article  is  remembered  among  the  patterers 
as  "Jack  Straw,"  who  was  oft  enough  repre. 
se.  ted  to  me  as  the  original  strawer.  If  I 
hinuired  further,  the  answer  was  :  "  He  was  the 
fitst  in  my  time."  This  Jack  Straw  was,  I 
am  told,  a  fine-looking  man,  a  natural  son  of 
Henry  Hunt,  the  blacking  manufacturer.  He 
was  described  to  me  as  an  inveterate  drunkard 
and  a  very  reckless  fellow.  One  old  hand  was 
certain  that  this  man  was  Hunt's  son,  as  he 
himself  had  "worked"  with  him,  and  was 
sometimes  sent  by  him  when  he  was  "  in  trou- 
ble," or  in  any  strait,  to  32,  Broadwall,  Black- 
friars,  for  assistance,  which  was  usually  ren- 
dered. (This  was  the  place  where  Hunt's 
"  Matchless  Blacking  "  and  "  Roasted  Corn  " 
were  vended.)  Jack  Straw's  principal  "pitch  " 
was  at  Hyde  Park  Corner,  "  where,"  said  the 
man  whom  I  have  mentioned  as  working  with 
him,  "  he  used  to  come  it  very  strong  against 
Old  Nosey,  the  Hyde  Park  bully  as  he  called 
him.  To  my  knowledge  he's  made  10s.,  and 
he's  made  15s.  on  a  night.  O,  it  didn't  matter 
to  him  what  he  sold  with  his  straws,  religion  or 
anything.  There  was  no  three-pennies  (three- 
penny newspapers)  then,  and  he  had  had  a 
gentleman's  education,  and  knew  what  to  say, 
and  so  the  straws  went  off  like  .-moke."  The 
articles  which  this  man  "  durst  not  sell  "  were 
done  up  in  paper,  so  that  no  one  could  very  well 
peruse  them  on  the  spot,  as  a  sort  of  stealth 
was  implied.  On  my  asking  Jack  Straw's  co- 
worker  if  he  had  ever  drank  with  him,  "  Drank 
with  him  ! "  he  answered,  "  Yes,  many  a 
time. '  I've  gone  out  and  pattered,  or  chaunted, 
or  anything,  to  get  money  to  buy  him  two 
glasses  of  brandy — and  good  brandy  was  very 
dear  then — before  he  could  start,  for  he  was  all 
of  a  tremble  until  he  had  his  medicine.  If 
I  couldn't  get  brandy,  it  was  the  best  rum, 
'cause  he  had  all  the  tastes  of  a  gentleman. 
Ah  1  he's  been  dead  some  years,  sir,  but  where 
he  died  I  don't  know.  I  only  heard  of  his 
death.  He  was  a  nice  kindly  fellow." 

The  ruse  in  respect  of  strawing  is  not  remark- 
ble  for  its  originality.     It  was  an  old  smug- 
gler's trick  to  sell  a  sack  and  give  the  keg  of 
eontrabaml   spirit  placed  within   it  and  padded 
out  with  straw  so  as  to  resemble  a  sack  of  corn. 
The  hawkers,  prior  to  1S20,  when   Mr.  Huskis- 
son  introduced  changes  into  the  Silk  Laws, gave 
Ingy   handkerchiefs"    (sham)    to  a  eus- 
tnd  sold  him  a  knot  of  tape  for  about  4*. 
•:dana,  then    prohibited, 

and  sold  openly  in  the  draper's  shops,  was  about 
:upany  imported  about 

a  million  of  Bandanas  yearly  ;  they  were  sold  by 
auction    lor  exportation    to    Hamburgh,  &c.,  at 
about  4*.  each,  and  were  nearly  all   sin 
back  a-  ;land,  and   deposed  of  BS  I 

ii.iv.    st.itcd. 

It  is  not  possible  to  give  anything  lika  *»*- 
tistics  as  to  t :  <  alised  by  strawinjf.     A 

well-informed  man   calculated   that   when    tue 


256 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


trade  was  at  its  best,  or  from  1832  to  1836, 
there  might  be  generally  fifty  working  it  in  the 
country  and  twenty  in  London  ;  they  did  not 
confine  themselves,  however,  to  strawing,  but 
resorted  to  it  only  on  favourable  opportunities. 
Now  there  are  none  in  London — their  numbers 
diminished  gradually — and  very  rarely  any  in 
the  country. 

OF  THE  SHAM  INDECENT  STREET-TRADE. 
THIS  is  one  of  those  callings  which  are  at  once 
repulsive  and  ludicrous ;  repulsive,  when  it  is 
considered  under  what  pretences  the  papers  are 
sold,  and  ludicrous,  when  the  disappointment  of 
the  gulled  purchaser  is  contemplated. 

I  hav?  mentioned  that  one  of  the  allurements 
held  out  by  the  strawer  was  that  his  paper — the 
words  used  by  Jack  Straw — could  "  not  be  ad- 
mitted into  families."  Those  following  the 
"  sham  indecent  trade"  for  a  time  followed  his 
example,  and  professed  to  sell  straws  and  give 
away  papers;  but  the  London  police  became 
very  observant  of  the  sale  of  straws — more  espe- 
cially under  the  pretences  alluded  to — and  it 
has,  for  the  last  ten  years,  been  rarely  pursued 
in  the  streets. 

The  plan  now  adopted  is  to  sell  the  sealed 
packet  itself,  which  the  "patter"  of  the  street- 
seller  leads  his  auditors  to  believe  to  be 
some  improper  or  scandalous  publication.  The 
packet  is  some  coloured  paper,  in  which  is 
placed  a  portion  of  an  old  newspaper,  a  Christ- 
mas carol,  a  religious  tract,  or  a  slop-tailor's 
pufF  (given  away  in  the  streets  for  the  behoof 
of  another  class  of  gulls).  The  enclosed  paper 
is,  however,  never  indecent. 

From  a  man  who  had,  not  long  ago,  been  in 
this  trade,  I  had  the  following  account.  He  was 
very  anxious  that  nothing  should  be  said  which 
would  lead  to  a  knowledge  that  he  was  my  in- 
formant. After  having  expressed  his  sorrow 
that  he  had  ever  been  driven  to  this  trade  from 
distress,  he  proceeded  to  justify  himself.  He 
argued — and  he  was  not  an  ignorant  man — that 
there  was  neither  common  sense  nor  common 
justice  in  interfering  with  a  man  like  him,  who, 
"  to  earn  a  crust,  pretended  to  sell  what  shop- 
keepers, that  must  pay  church  and  all  sorts  of 
rates,  sold  without  being  molested."  The  word 
"shopkeepers"  was  uttered  with  a  bitter  em- 
j.aasis.  There  are,  or  were,  he  continued,  shops 
— for  he  seemed  to  know  them  all  — and  some  of 
them  had  been  carried  on  for  years,  in  which 
shameless  publications  were  not  only  sold,  but 
exposed  in  the  windows ;  and  why  should  he  be 
considered  a  greater  offender  than  a  shopkeeper, 
and  be  knocked  about  by  the  police?  There 
are,  or  lately  were,  he  said,  such  shops  in  the 
Strand,  Fleet-street,  a  court  off  Ludgate-hill, 
Holborn,  Drury-lane,  Wych-street,  the  courts 
near  Drury-lane  Theatre,  Haymarket,  High- 
street,  Bloomsbury,  St.  Martin's- court,  May's 
buildings,  and  elsewhere,  to  say  nothing  of 
Holywell-street !  Yet  he  must  be  interfered  with  ! 

[I  may  here  remark,  that  I  met  with  no 
street-sellers  who  did  not  disbelieve,  or  affect  to 


disbelieve,  that  they  were  really  meddled  witfc 
by  the  police  for  obstructing  the  thoroughfare. 
They  either  hint,  or  plainly  state,  that  they  are 
removed  solely  to  please  the  shop-keepers. 
Such  was  the  reiterated  opinion,  real  or  pre- 
tended, of  my  present  informant.] 

I  took  a  statement  from  this  man,  but  do  not 
care  to  dwell  upon  the  subject.  The  trade,  in 
the  form  I  have  described,  had  been  carried  on, 
he  thought,  for  the  last  six  years.  At  one  time, 
20  men  followed  it;  at  present,  he  believed 
there  were  only  6,  and  they  worked  only  at 
intervals,  and  as  opportunities  offered :  some 
going  out,  for  instance,  to  sell  almanacs  or  me- 
morandum books,  and,  when  they  met  with  a 
favourable  chance,  offering  their  sealed  packets. 
My  informant's  customers  were  principally 
boys,  young  men,  and  old  gentlemen ;  but  olJ 
gentlemen  chiefly  when  the  trade  was  new 
This  street-seller's  "great  gun,"  as  he  called 
it,  was  to  make  up  packets,  as  closely  resem- 
bling as  he  could  accomplish  it,  those  which 
were  displayed  in  the  windows  of  any  of  the 
shops  I  have  alluded  to.  He  would  then  sta- 
tion himself  at  some  little  distance  from  one  of 
those  shops,  and,  if  possible,  so  as  to  encounter 
those  who  had  stopped  to  study  the  contents  of 
the  window,  and  would  represent — broadly 
enough,  he  admitted,  when  he  dared — that  he 
could  sell  for  6d.  what  was  charged  5s.,  or  2s.  6<l., 
or  whatever  price  he  had  seen  announced,  "  in 
that  very  neighbourhood."  He  sometimes  ven- 
tured, also,  to  mutter  something,  unintelligibly, 
about  the  public  being  imposed  upon !  On  one 
occasion,  he  took  6s.  in  the  street  in  about  two 
hours.  On  another  evening  he  took  4s.  8d.  in 
the  street  and  was  called  aside  by  two  old  gen- 
tlemen, each  of  whom  told  him  to  come  to  an 
address  given  (at  the  West-end),  and  ask  for  such 
and  such  initials.  To  one  he  sold  two  packets 
for  2s. ;  to  the  other,  five  packets,  each  Is. — or 
lls.  8rf.  in  one  evening.  The  packets  were  in 
different  coloured  papers,  and  had  the  impres- 
sions of  a  large  seal  on  red  wax  at  the  back  ;  and 
he  assured  the  old  gents.,  as  he  called  them,  one 
of  whom,  he  thought,  was  "silly,"  that  they 
were  all  different.  "  And  very  likely,"  he  said, 
chucklingly,  "  they  were  different;  for  they 
were  made  out  of  a  lot  of  missionary  tracts 
and  old  newspapers  that  I  got  dirt  cheap  at  a 
'waste'  shop.  I  should  like  to  have  seen  the 
old  gent's  face,  as  he  opened  his  5s.  worth, 
one  after  another!"  This  trade,  however, 
among  old  gentlemen,  was  prosperous  for 
barely  a  month :  "  It  got  blown  then,  sir,  and 
they  wouldn't  buy  any  more,  except  a  very 
odd  one." 

This  man — and  he  believed  it  was  the  same 
with  all  the  others  in  the  trade — never  visited 
the  public-houses,  lor  a  packet  would  soon 
have  been  opened  and  torn  there,  which,  he 
said,  people  was  ashamed  to  do  in  the  public 
streets.  As  well  as  he  could  recollect,  he  had 
never  sold  a  single  packet  to  a  girl  or  a  woman. 
Drunken  women  of  the  town  had  occasionally 
made  loud  comments  on  his  calling,  and  offered 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


257 


: 


No.  17- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


259 


to  purchase  ;  but  on  such  occasions,  fearful  of 
a  disturbance,  he  always  hurried  away. 

I  have  said  that  the  straw  trade  is  now  con- 
fined to  the  country,  and  I  give  a  specimen  of 
the  article  vended  there,  by  the  patterer  in  the 
*ham  indecent  trade.  It  was  purchased  of  a 
man,  who  sold  it  folded  in  the  form  of  a  letter, 
and  is  addressed,  "  On  Royal  Service.  By  Ex- 
press. Private.  To  Her  Royal  Highness,  Vic- 
toria, Princess  Royal.  Kensington  Palace, 
London.  Entered  at  Stationer's  Hall."  The 
man  who  sold  it  had  a  wisp  of  straw  round  his 
neck,  and  introduced  his  wares  with  the  follow- 
ing patter  : 

"I  am  well  aware  that  many  persons  here 
present  will  say  what  an  absurd  idea  —  the  idea 
of  selling  straws  for  a  halfpenny  each,  when 
there  are  so  many  lying  about  the  street  ;  but 
the  reason  is  simply  this  :  I  am  not  allowed  by 
the  authorities  to  sell  these  papers,  so  I  give 
them  away  and  sell  my  straws.  There  are  a 
variety  of  figures  in  these  papers  for  gentlemen  ; 
some  in  the  bed,  some  on  the  bed,  some  under 
the  bed."  The  following  is  a  copy  of  the  docu- 
ment thus  sold  ;  — 

"  Bachelors  or  Maidens,  Husbands  and  Wives, 
Will  love  each  other  and  lead  happy  lives  ; 
If  both  these  Letters  to  read  are  inclined, 
Secrets  worth  knowing  therein  they  will  find. 

"  Dated  from  the  Duchy  of  Coburg. 
I-.AREST  VICTORIA, 
Hi^huessas'   cns.ttCJ,   \bs3   laaAe   jpsnbscaiqe  tuyseif 

•  f   ajjeojiou  —  Buxiouslyewi>niug   Xonr    royal- 
joXaiqaipe  aud  fntnrasovaraign,  Aeay  nrenXaud  liAiug 
snrad  ou  mXp-iinaery  qouour,  tqajl  \\i\\  aAvaadjo  my 
uiejo  jhBt  euviepstvtion  ojqetniltqy  hnsqaud,  rasjas- 

.  udorn;  aud  ivhonjlion  qast  daiSnadjo  axqalt 
baudep  kue  is,  jo  ja.vonr  uiXsnit,  aqoAe  Bnyojqer  dnnce 
o;  ajl  qcirsjo  ebjuisqdiadain  —  I  iiupjoaejlioe  ou  UA 
am\*bjeoj  Eugjaup'sdniioessas—  cndtqa  tuosj  Airjuons 
qujyqiuisalj  Aiijhiu  tqy  OA\ndoAvnX  dlnmisSe  !  Mosj 
oheruiiug  uojes,  aadAiiih  jlntjejiug  Miugswisqes  jo 
wqo  i»^e  sbirpoj  puredise,  isoaljinatqeato  jisjeu  jo  his 
oouie  jo  uiyiouginS  aoaius—  it  is  oulXtqX  peer  Aiqart, 
trmiacjlo  Vicjojre,  theuiosj  duje  imp  sdo;lass  oj  viriiius, 
fntnntX.aiidooutinne  jo  proatuoj  IDAS  Bnptqea!  j\;y 
sqajlqe  ancqanjep  wttqtqe  mosj  baanttfnl  visiousoj 
mant  oj  jhct  qalmXsiead  I  huvabocn  \onS  Atuntiutf,  I 
»o»  »|eapiess  oonch.aud  resininrf  uiysoni  jo  tqeenjoX- 
wonnps—  xqenjaiil  I  dlaaWnjlX  radose  raysalj  ou  uiX 

•  wnp  ponr  tqy  qeulinii  btdsBminio  mX  suuuting 
AaniyiTOiBritrn,  pas*  uojaMaX  jrotu  iqycdojiugclqej); 

ib—  jhon  haa- 

wqoieqopy  is  qeinHcousnmepin  tqejuanusa  oj  CACJIBSJ- 
t«lj»ad  AijhAt.Ti.-xl  aud  ooufiiatina  eiuojious,  aud  mX 
jusato  po  jhoiJOjf«r.T,  av-uX  oueoj  uiy  tucuibarsnr.)  jvn- 
jeaj  ijuuibie»—  Xes,  mX  Brius  audtuy  lags  je- 
oiy  §--.n».>«  v.au'l.T,  tuy  qainiauds  ou  cup,  raX  qeBd  isou 


\  form,  audioug  for  jhahvpdy  qonr  wqeuj  sqall 

rojrtlqUlhaew—  my  •Mec»efttau8c|.  oq  1  qow  I  po  apore 

tqe  paiifh)fu[tmk  o;  MrijiuiJa  IOAC  i-.tji-jtn  jliX 

-  —  navarpip   I   eujoXgJeetar  qljm,   jhauwqcul   n\ 

"  Your  .idorcf!  Lover, 

"  PKIVCB  or  COBUKO." 
lie  back  of  this  page  in  the  follow  i   . 
ii  of  the  purchaser  into  the  inystenM  of 

' 

i 


!o..k  carefully 


down  them  until  you  have  come  to  a  word  at  the  left 
hand  comer,  near  the  end  of  each  Letter,  having  two 

marks  thus ,  when  you  must  commence  with  that 

word,  and  read  from  left  to  right  after  you  have  turned 
them  bottom  upwards  before  a  looking  glass  so  that  vou 
may  peruse  the  copy  reflected  therein.  But  you  must 
notice,  throughout  all  the  words  every  other  letter  is 
upside  down,  also  every  other  word  single;  but  the 
next  two  words  being  purposely  Joined  together,  there- 
fore they  are  double ;  and  in  addition  to  those  letters 
placed  upside  down,  makes  it  more  mysterious  in  the 
reading.  The  reader  is  recommended  to  copy  each 
word  in  writing,  when  he  will  be  able  to  read  the  letters 
forward,  and  after  a  little  practice  he  can  soon  learn  to 
form  all  his  words  in  the  same  curious  manner,  when 
he  wants  to  write  a  'secret  letter.' 

"  Be  sure  when  holding  it  up  side  down  before  a 
looking-glass,  that  the  light  of  a  candle,  is  placed  be- 
tween then  by  the  reflection  it  will  show  much  plainer, 
and  be  sooner  discovered. 

"If  you  intend  to  practise  a  Joke  and  make  it  answer 
the  purpose  of  a  Valentine,  write  what  you  think  ne- 
cessary on  the  adjoining  blank  page;  then  post  it,  with 
the  superscription  filled  up  in  this  manner: — After 
the  word  To,  write  the  name  and  address  of  the  party 
also  place  the  word  FROM  before  'VICTORIA'S' 
name :  then  the  address  on  the  outside  of  this  letter 
will  read  somewhat  after  the  following  fashion  :— To 
Mr.  or  Mrs.  so  and  so,  (with  the  number  if  any,)  in  sucli 
and  such  a  street :  at  the  same  time  your  letter  will 
appear  as  if  it  came  from  Royalty. 

"N.B.  You  must  first  buy  both  the  letter*,  as  the 
other  letter  is  an  answer  to  this  one;  and  because, 
without  the  reader  has  got  both  letters,  he  will  not 
have  the  secrets  perfect." 

Notwithstanding  the  injunction  to  buy  loth 
letters,  and  the  seeming  necessity  of  having  both 
to  understand  the  "  directions,"  the  patterer  was 
selling  only  the  one  I  have  given. 

That  the  trade  in  sham  indecent  publications 
was,  at  one  time,  very  considerable,  and  was  not 
unobserved  by  those  who  watch,  as  it  is  called, 
"the  signs  of  the  times,"  is  shown  by  the  cir- 
cumstance that  the  Anti-Corn-Law  League 
paper,  called  the  Bread  Basket,  could  only  be 
got  off  by  being  done  up  in  a  sealed  packet,  and 
sold  by  patterers  as  a  pretended  improper  work. 

The  really  indecent  trade  will  be  described 
hereafter. 

For  a  month  my  informant  thought  lie  had 
cleared  35*.  a  week ;  for  another  month,  20.'>-. : 
and  as  an  average,  since  that  time,  from  5s.  to 
7*.  6d.  weekly,  until  he  discontinued  the  trade. 
It  is  very  seldom  practised,  unless  in  the  even- 
ing, and  perhaps  only  one  street-seller  depends 
mt  i  rely  upon  it. 

Supposing  that  6  men  last  y?ar  each  cleared 
kly,  we  find  upwards  of  93/.  expended 
yearly  in  the  streets  on  this  rubbish. 

'•apital  required  to  start  in  the  business 
r  Is.,  to  be  expended  in  paper,  paste,  am* 
lies  sealing-wax. 

OF  Hi.i.Kiiot  s  TRACT  SF.LI.I  i;v 
THE   sellers  (,f  religious   tr:ut  .    I    am 

the  least,  about  <W.  1" 

at  one  time,  far  more  numerous.  When  penny 
books  v  :  very  small,  religion 

t    tilings  in   print.      It  i« 
;.    for   a   n-ligioi: 
an    individual,   to   ^rive   a   poor    person,  children 

sellers  can  ago,  v.  < 


280 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tended  to  be,  maimed  old  soldiers  or  sailors. 
The  traffic  is  now  in  the  hands  of  what  may  be 
called  an  anomalous  body  of  men.  More  than 
one  halt'  of  the  tract  sellers  are  foreigners,  such 
is  Malays,  Hindoos,  and  Negros.  Of  them, 
some  cannot  speak  English,  and  some— who 
earn  a  spare  subsistence  by  selling  Christian 
tracts  —  are  Mahometans,  or  worshippers  of 
Bramah!  The  man  whose  portrait  supplies 
the  daguerreotyped  illustration  of  this  number 
is  unable  to  speak  a  word  of  English,  and  the 
absence  of  an  interpreter,  through  some  acci- 
dent, prevented  his  statement  being  taken  at  the 
time  appointed.  I  shall  give  it,  however,  with 
the  necessary  details  on  the  subject,  under 
another  head. 

With  some  men  and  boys,  I  am  informed, 
tract- selling  is  but  a  pretext  for  begging. 

OF  A  BENEFIT  SOCIETY  OF  PATTERERS. 
IN  the  course  of  my  inquiries,  I  received  an 
account  of  an  effort  made  by  a  body  of  these 
people  to  provide  against  sickness, — a  step  so 
clearly  in  the  right  direction,  and  perhaps  so 
little  to  be  expected  from  the  habits  of  the  class, 
that  I  feel  bound  to  notice  it.  It  was  called 
the  "  Street-sellers'  Society;"  but  as  nearly  all 
the  bond-fide  members  (or  those  who  sought 
benefit  from  its  funds)  were  patterers  in  paper, 
or  ballad-singers,  I  can  most  appropriately 
notice  their  proceedings  here. 

The  society  "  sprung  up  accidental,"  as  it 
was  expressed  to  me.  A  few  paper-workers 
were  conversing  of  the  desirableness  of  such  an 
institution,  and  one  of  the  body  suggested  a 
benefit  club,  which  it  was  at  once  determined  to 
establish.  It  was  accordingly  established  be- 
tween six  and  seven  years  ago,  and  was  carried 
on  for  about  four  years.  The  members  varied 
in  number  from  40  to  50  ;  but  of  a  proportion 
of  40,  as  many  as  18  might  be  tradesmen  who 
were  interested  in  the  street-trade,  either  in 
supplying  the  articles  in  demand  for  it,  or  from 
keeping  public-houses  resorted  to  by  the  frater- 
nity, or  any  such  motive,  or  who  were  merely 

curious  to  mix  in  such  society.     Mr.  C was 

conductor ;  Mr.  J.  H (a  poet,  and  the  writer 

of  "  Black  Bess,"  "  the  Demon  of  the  Sea,"  and 
other  things  which  "  took"  in  the  streets),  secre- 
tary ;  and  a  well-known  patterer  was  under- 
conductor,  with  which  office  was  mixed  up  the 
rather  onerous  duties  of  a  kind  of  master  of  the 
ceremonies  on  meeting- nights.  None  of  the 
officers  were  paid. 

The  subscription  was  Id.  a  week,  and  meet- 
ings of  the  members  were  held  once  a  week. 
Each  member,  not  an  officer,  paid  \d.  for  ad- 
mission to  the  fund,  and  could  introduce  a 
visitor,  who  also  paid  \d.  No  charge  was  made 
for  the  use  of  the  club-room  (in  a  public-house), 
which  was  entirely  in  the  control  of  the  mem- 
bers. Every  one  using  bad  language,  or  be- 
having improperly,  was  fined  \d.,  and  on  a 
second  offence  was  ejected,  and  sometimes,  if 
the  misbehaviour  was  gross,  on  the  first  Any 
one  called  upon  to  sing,  and  refusing,  or  being 


unable,  was  fined  \d.,  and  was  liable  to  be 
called  upon  again,  and  pay  another  fine.  A 
visitor  sometimes,  instead  of  Jrf.,  offered  6d. 
when  fined;  but  this  was  not  accepted, — only 
}d.  could  be  received.  The  members'  wives 
could  and  did  often  accompany  their  husbands 
to  the  meetings ;  but  women  of  the  town,  whe- 
ther introduced  by  members  or  not,  were  not 
permitted  to  remain.  "  They  found  their  way 
in  a  few  times,"  said  the  man  who  was  under- 
conductor  to  me,  "  but  I  managed  to  work  them 
out  without  any  bother,  and  without  insulting 
them — God  forbid !  " 

The  assistance  given  was  5s.  weekly  to  sick 
members,  who  were  not  in  arrear  in  their  sub- 
scriptions. If  the  man  had  a  family  to  support, 
a  gathering  was  made  for  him,  in  addition  to  his 
weekly  allowance, — for  the  members  were  averse 
to  "distress  the  box"  (fund).  There  was  no 
allowance  for  the  burial  of  a  member,  but  a 
gathering  took  place,  and  perhaps  a  raffle,  to 
raise  funds  for  a  wake  (sometimes)  and  an  inter- 
ment ;  and  during  the  existence  of  the  society, 
three  members,  I  was  told,  were  buried  that 
way  "  comfortably."  The  subscriptions  were 
paid  up  regularly  enough ;  "  indeed,"  said  a 
member  to  me,  "  if  a  man  earned  anything,  his 
mates  knew  of  it:  we  all  know  how  the  cat 
jumps  that  way,  so  he  must  either  pay  or  be 
scratched."  The  members  not  unfrequently  lent 
each  other  money  to  pay  up  their  subscriptions. 
Fashionable  young  "swells,"  I  was  told,  often 
visited  the  house,  and  stayed  till  3  or  4  in  the 
morning,  but  were  very  seldom  in  the  club- room, 
which  was  closed  regularly  at  12.  After  that  hour, 
the  "swells"  who  were  bent  upon  seeing  life 
— (and  they  are  a  class  whom  the  patterers,  on 
all  such  occasions,  not  so  very  unreasonably 
consider  "  fair  game"  for  bamboozling)— could 
enjoy  the  society  congenial  to  their  tastes  or 
gratifying  to  their  curiosity.  On  one  occasion 
two  policemen  were  among  the  visitors,  and 
were  on  friendly  terms  enough  with  the  mem- 
bers, some  of  whom  they  had  seen  before. 

From  the  beginning  there  seems  to  have  been 
a  distrust  of  one  another  among  the  members, 
but  a  distrust  not  invincible  or  the  club  would 
never  have  been  formed.  Instead  of  the 
"  box,"  or  fund  (the  money  being  deposited  in 
a  box),  being  allowed  to  accumulate,  so  that  an 
invi'stment  might  be  realised,  available  for  an> 
emergency,  the  fund  was  divided  among  the 
members  quarterly,  and  then  the  subscription 
went  on  anew.  The  payments,  however,  fell 
off.  The  calling  of  the  members  was  preca- 
rious, their  absence  in  the  country  was  frequent, 
and  so  the  society  ceased  to  exist,  but  the  mem- 
bers were  satisfied  that  every  thing  was  done 
honourably. 

The  purpose  to  which  the  funds,  on  a  quar- 
terly division,  were  devoted,  was  one  not  con- 
fined to  such  men  as  the  patterers — to  a  supper. 
"  None  of  your  light  suppers,  sir,"  said  a  mem- 
ber ;  "  not  by  no  means.  And  we  were  too  dy 
to  send  anybody  to  market  but  ourselves.  We 
used  to  go  to  Leadenhall,  and  buy  a  cut  ofl  • 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


261 


sirloin,  which  was  roasted  prime,  and  smelt  like 
*  angel.  But  not  so  often,  for  its  adearjint, 
the  bones  is  heavy.  One  of  the  favo:mtest  jints 
was  a  boiled  leg  of  mutton  with  caper  trim- 
mings. That  is  a  good  supper, — I  believe  you, 
my  hero." 

OP  THE  ABODES,  TRICKS,  MARRIAGE,  CHA- 
RACTER, AND  CHARACTERISTICS  OF  THE 
DIFFERENT  GRADES  OF  PATTSRERS. 
HAVING  now  giving  an  account  of  those  who 
may  be  called  the  literary  patterers  (proper),  or 
at  any  rate  of  those  who  do  not  deem  it  vain  so 
to  account  themselves,  because  they  "  work 
paper,"  I  proceed  to  adduce  an  account  of 
the  different  grades  of  patterers  generally,  for 
patter  has  almost  as  many  divisions  as  litera- 
ture. There  is  patter  pathetic,  as  from  beg- 
gars ;  bouncing,  to  puff  off  anything  of  little 
or  no  value ;  comic,  as  by  the  clowns  ;  descrip- 
tive, as  in  the  cases  where  the  vendor  describes, 
however  ornately,  what  he  really  sells ;  reli- 
gious, as  occasionally  by  the  vendors  of  tracts ; 
real  patter  (as  it  is  understood  by  the  profes- 
sion) to  make  a  thing  believed  to  be  what  it  is 
not ;  classical,  as  in  the  case  of  the  sale  of 
stenographic  cards,  &c. ;  and  sporting,  as  in  race 
cards. 

The  pattering  tribe  is  by  no  means  confined 
to  the  traffic  in  paper,  though  it  may  be  the 
principal  calling  as  regards  the  acuteness  of  its 
professors.  Among  these  street-folk  are  the 
running  and  standing  patterers  (or  stationers 
as  they  are  sometimes,  but  rarely,  styled) — and 
in  these  are  included,  the  Death  and  Fire 
Hunters  of  whom  I  have  spoken  ;  Chaunters ; 
Second  Edition-sellers  ;  Reciters  ;  Conundrum- 
sellers ;  Board-workers ;  Strawers  ;  Sellers  of 
(Sham)  Indecent  Publications  ;  Street  Auc- 
tioneers; Cheap  Jacks;  Mountebanks  (quacks); 
Clowns  ;  the  various  classes  of  Showmen  ; 
Jugglers  ;  Conjurors  ;  Ring-sellers  for  wagers ; 
Sovereign  -  sellers  ;  Corn-curers  ;  Grease -re- 
movers ;  French-polishers  ;  Blacking- sellers ; 
-m-vendors  ;  Fortune-tellers  ;  Oratori- 
cal-beggars; Turnpike- sailors;  the  classes  of 
Lurkers  ;  Stenographic  Card-selleri,  and  the 
Vendors  of  Race-cards  or  lists. 

The  following  accounts  have  been  written  for 
me  by  the  same  gentleman  who  has  already 
described  the  Religion,  Morals,  &c.,  of  pat"- 
terers.  He  has  for  some  years  resided  amon^ 
the  class,  and  has  pursued  a  street  calling  for 
his  existence.  What  I  have  already  said  of  his 
•>  of  personal  observation  and  of  dis- 
passionate judgment  I  need  nut  it< 

question,  "  in  the 

disclosures  I  am   now   about  to   make  concern- 
ing   the    patterers   generally,    to    do    more   than 
put  the  public  o 

,  dragging  forth  the  follies  of 
my  fellow-i i  ••  I  have  d< 

I  IK  to  draw  forth   ami  exhibit  some 
of  the   latent  virtues  of  the  class  under  notaot, 
>t"  whom   I   know  to  sigh  in  secret  over 
that  one  imprudent  step  (whatever  its  descrip 


tion),  which  has  furnished  the  censorious  with 
a  weapon  they  have  been  but  too  ready  to 
wield.  The  first  thing  for  me  to  do  is  to  give 
a  glance  at  the  habitations  of  these  outcasts, 
and  to  set  forth  their  usual  conduct,  opinions, 
conversation  and  amusements.  As  London  (in- 
cluding the  ten  mile  circle),  is  the  head  quar- 
ters of  lodging-house  life,  and  least  known, 
because  most  crowded,  I  shall  lift  the  veil 
which  shrouds  the  vagrant  hovel  where  the 
patterer  usually  resides. 

"  As  there  are  many  individuals  in  lodging- 
houses  who  are  not  regular  patterers  or  pro- 
fessional vagrants,  being  rather,  as  they  term 
themselves,  '  travellers  '  (or  tramps),  so  there 
are  multitudes  who  do  not  inhabit  such  houses 
who  really  belong  to  the  fraternity,  pattering, 
or  vagrant.  Of  these  some  take  up  their  abode 
in  what  they  call  '  flatty-kens,'  that  is,  houses 
the  landlord  of  which  is  not  '  awake  '  or  '  fly  ' 
to  the  '  moves  '  and  dodges  of  the  trade  ;  others 
resort  to  the  regular  '  padding-kens,'  or  houses 
of  call  for  vagabonds ;  while  others — and  espe- 
cially those  who  have  families — live  constantly 
in  furnished  rooms,  and  have  little  intercourse 
with  the  '  regular  '  travellers,  tramps,  or 
wanderers. 

"The  medium  houses  the  London  vagrant 
haunts,  (for  I  have  no  wish  to  go  to  extremes 
either  way,)  are  probably  in  Westminster,  and 
perhaps  the  fairest  '  model '  of  the  '  monkry '  is 
the  house  in  Orchard-street — once  the  residence 
of  royalty — which  has  been  kept  and  conducted 
for  half  a  century  by  the  veteran  who  some  fifty 
years  ago  was  the  only  man  who  amused  tl>o 
population  with  that  well-known  ditty, 

'  If  I'd  at  much  money  as  I  could  tell, 
I  would  not  cry  young  lambs  to  sell." 

Mister  (for  that  is  the  old  man's  title)  still 
manufactures  lambs,  but  seldom  goes  out  him- 
self; his  sons  (obedient  and  exemplary  young 
men)  take  the  toys  into  the  country,  and  dispose 
of  them  at  fairs  and  markets.  The  wife  of  this 
man  is  a  woman  of  some  beauty  and  good  sound 
sense,  but  far  too  credulous  for  the  position  of 
which  she  is  the  mistress. 

"  So  much  for  the  establishment  I  have  now 
to  deal  with  the  inmates. 

"  No  one  could   be  long  an  inmate  of  Mr. 

's  without  discerning  in  the  motley  group 

persons  who  had  seen  better  day*,  and,  seated 
on  the  same  bench,  persons  who  are  'seeing' 
the  best  days  they  ever  saw.  When  1  took  up 
my  abode  in  the  house  under  consideration,  I 
was  struck  by  the  appearance  of  a  middi. 
lady-like  woman,  a  natr.  ter,  bred  to 

the  Rio.  -id  brought  up   in  the   lap  of 

plenty,  and  under  the  high  sanction  of  religious 
principle.  She  had  evidently  some  source  of 
mental  anguish.  1  believe  it  was  the  conduct 
of  her  husband,  by  whom  she  had  been  d> 
and  who  was  living  with  a  woman  to  whom,  it 
is  said,  the  wife  had  shown  much  kindness.  By 
her  sat  a  giant  in  size,  and  candour  dwnaudi 


262 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ihat  I  should  say  a  « giant  in  sin.'    When  Navy 
Jem,  as  he  is  called,  used  to  work  for  his  living 
(it  was  a  long  while  ago)  he  drove  a  barrow  at 
the  formation  of  the  Great  Western  Railway. 
At  present  the  man  lies  in  bed  till  mid-day,  and 
when  he  makes  his  appearance  in  the  kitchen, 
'The  very  kittens  on  the  hearth 
They  dare  not  even  play.' 

His  breakfast  embraces  all  the  good  things  of 
the  season.  He  divides  his  delicacies  with  a 
silver  fork — where  did  he  get  it  ?  The  mode  in 
which  this  man  obtains  a  livelihood  is  at  once  a 
mixture  and  a  mystery.  His  prevailing  plan  is 
to  waylay  gentlemen  in  the  decline  of  life, 
and  to  extort  money  by  threats  of  accusation 
and  exposure,  to  which  I  can  do  no  more  than 
allude.  His  wife,  a  notorious  shoplifter,  is  now 
for  the  third  time  'expiating  her  offences'  in 
Coldbath-fields. 

"  Next  to  Navy  Jem  may  be  perceived  a  little 
stunted  woman,  of  pretended  Scotch,  but  really 
Irish  extraction,  whose  husband  has  died  in  the 
hospital  for  consumption  at  least  as  many  times 
as  the  hero  of  Waterloo  has  seen  engagements. 
At  last  the  man  did  die,  and  his  widow  has  been 
collecting  money  to  bury  him  for  eight  years 
past,  but  has  not  yet  secured  the  required  sum. 
This  woman,  whose  name  I  never  knew,  has  a 
boy  and  a  girl ;  to  the  former  she  is  very  kind, 
the  latter  she  beats  without  mercy,  always  before 
breakfast,  and  with  such  (almost)  unvaried 
punctuality  that  her  brother  will  sometimes 
whisper  (after  saying  grace),  '  Mother,  has  our 
Poll  had  her  licks  yet?' 

4<  Among  the  records  of  mortality  lately  before 
the  public,  is  the  account  of  a  notorious  woman, 
who  was  found  suffocated  in  a  stagnant  pool, 
whether  from  suicide  or  accident  it  was  impos- 
sible to  determine.  She  had  been  in  every 
hospital  in  town  and  country,  suffering  from  a 
disease,  entirely  self-procured.  She  applied 
strong  acids  to  wounds  previously  punctured 
with  a  pin,  and  so  caused  her  body  to  present 
one  mass  of  sores.  She  was  deemed  incurable 
by  the  hospital  doctors,  and  liberal  collections 
were  made  for  her  among  the  benevolent  in 
various  places.  The  trick,  however,  was  ulti- 
mately discovered,  and  the  failure  of  her  plan 
(added  to  the  bad  state  of  health  to  which  her 
bodily  injuries  had  gradually  led)  preyed  upon 
her  mind  and  hastened  her  death. 

"  This  woman  had  been  the  paramour  of 
'  Peter  the  crossing-sweeper,'  a  man  who 
for  years  went  about  showing  similar  wounds, 
which  he  pretended  had  been  inflicted  while 
fighting  in  the  Spanish  Legion — though,  truth 
to  say,  he  had  never  been  nearer  Spain  than 
Liverpool  is  to  New  York.  He  had  followed 
the  '  monkry '  from  a  child,  and  chiefly,  since 
manhood,  as  a  'broken-down  weaver  from 
Leicester,'  and  after  singing  through  every 
one  of  the  provinces  'We've  got  no  work  to 
do,'  he  scraped  acquaintance  with  a  '  school 
of  shallow  coves  ; '  that  is,  men  who  go  about 
half-naked,  telling  frightful  tales  about  ship- 


wrecks, hair-breadth  escapes  from  houses  on 
fire,  and  such  like  aqueous  and  igneous  cala- 
mities. By  these  Peter  was  initiated  into  the 
'  scaldrum  dodge,'  or  the  art  of  burning  the 
body  with  a  mixture  of  acids  and  gunpowder, 
so  as  to  suit  the  hues  and  complexions  of  the 
accident  to  be  deplored.  Such  persons  hold 
every  morning  a  '  committee  of  ways  and 
means,'  according  to  whose  decision  the  move- 
ments of  the  day  are  carried  out.  Sometimes 
when  on  their  country  rounds,  they  go  singly 
up  to  the  houses  of  the  gentry  and  wealthy 
fanners,  begging  shirts,  which  they  hide  iu 
hedges  while  they  go  to  another  house  and 
beg  a  similar  article.  Sometimes  they  go 
in  crowds,  to  the  number  of  from  twelve  to 
twenty ;  they  are  most  successful  when  the 
'swell'  is  not  at  home  ;  if  they  can  meet  with 
the  '  Burerk '  (Mistress),  or  the  young  ladies, 
they  '  put  it  on  them  for  dunnage '  (beg  a 
stock  of  general  clothing),  flattering  their  vic- 
tims first  and  frightening  them  afterwards.  A 
friend  of  mine  was  present  in  a  lodging-house 
in  Plymouth,  when  a  school  of  the  shallow 
coves  returned  from  their  day's  work  with  six 
suits  of  clothes,  and  twenty-seven  shirts,  besides 
children's  apparel  and  shoes,  (all  of  which  were 
sold  to  a  broker  in  the  same  street),  and,  besides 
these,  the  donations  in  money  received  amounted 
to  4*.  4>d.  a  man. 

"  At  this  enterprise  '  Peter '  continued  seve- 
ral years,  but — to  use  his  own  words — '  every- 
thing has  but  a  time,'  the  country  got  '  dead ' 
to  him,  and  people  got  '  fly '  to  the  '  shallow 
brigade ;'  so  Peter  came  up  to  London  to  '  try 
his  hand  at  something  else.'  Housed  in  the 
domicile  of  '  Sayer  the  barber,'  who  has  en- 
riched himself  by  beer-shops  and  lod^in^- 
house-keeping,  to  the  tune  it  is  said  of  20,000/., 
Peter  amused  the  '  travellers  '  of  Wentworth- 
street,  Whitechapel,  with  recitals  of  what  he 
had  seen  and  done.  Here  a  profligate,  but 
rather  intelligent  man,  who  had  really  been  in 
the  service  of  the  Queen  of  Spain,  gave  him  an 
old  red  jacket,  and  with  it  such  instructions  as 
equipped  him  for  the  imposition.  One  sleeve 
of  this  jacket  usually  hung  loosely  by  his  side, 
while  the  arm  it  should  have  covered  was  ex- 
posed naked,  and  to  all  appearance  withered. 
His  rule  was  to  keep  silence  till  a  crowd  assem- 
bled  around  him,  when  he  began  to  'patter' 
to  them  to  the  following  effect :  '  Ladies  and 
gentlemen,  it  is  with  feelings  of  no  common 
reluctance  that  I  stand  before  you  at  this  time ; 
but  although  I  am  not  without  feelings,  I  am 
totally  without  friends,  and  frequently  without 
food.  This  wound  (showing  his  disfigured  arm) 
I  received  in  the  service  of  the  Queen  of  Spain, 
and  I  have  many  more  on  different  parts  of  my 
person.  I  received  a  little  praise  for  my  brave 
conduct,  but  not  a  penny  of  pension,  and  here 
I  am  (there's  no  deception  you  see)  ill  in 
health — poor  in  pocket,  and  exposed  without 
proper  nourishment  to  wind  and  weather — the 
cold  is  blowing  through  me  till  I  am  almost 
perished.'  His  '  Doxy  '  stood  by  and  received 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


263 


the  'voluntary  contributions'  of  the  audience 
in  a  soldier's  cap,  which  our  hero  emptied  into 
his  pocket,  and  after  snivelling  out  his  thanks, 
departed  to  renew  the  exhibition  in  the  nearest 
available  thoroughfare.  Peter  boasted  that  he 
could  make  on  an  average  fifteen  of  these 
pitches  a  day,  and  as  the  proceeds  were  esti- 
mated at  something  considerable  in  each  pitch 
(he  has  been  known  to  take  as  much  as  half-a- 
crown  in  pence  at  one  standing),  he  was  able 
to  sport  his  figure  at  Astley's  in  the  evening— 
to  eat  '  spring  lamb,'  and  when  reeling  home 
under  the  influence  of  whiskey,  to  entertain  the 
peaceful  inhabitants  with  the  music  of — 'We 

won't  go  home  till  morning ' 

"  Whether  the  game  got  stale,  or  Peter  became 
honest,  is  beyond  the  purport  of  my  commu- 
-ication  to  settle.  If  any  reader,  however, 
should  make  his  purchases  at  the  puffing  fish- 
monger's in  Lombard- street,  they  may  find 
Peter  now  pursuing  the  more  honest  occupa- 
tion of  sweeping  the  crossing,  by  the  church 
of  St  Gabriel,  Fenchurch- street 

"  Among  the  most  famous  of  the  '  lurking 
patterers '  was  '  Captain  Moody,'  the  son  of 
poor  but  honest  parents  in  the  county  of  Corn- 
wall, who  died  during  his  boyhood,  leaving  him 
to  the  custody  of  a  maiden  aunt  This  lady 
soon,  and  not  without  reason,  got  tired  of  her 
incorrigible  charge.  Young  Moody  was  ap- 
prenticed successively  to  three  trades,  and 
wanted  not  ability  to  become  expert  in  any  of 
them,  but  having  occasional  interviews  with  some 
of  the  gipsey  tribe,  and  hearing  from  themselves 
of  their  wonderful  achievements,  he  left  the 
sober  walks  of  life  and  joined  this  vagrant 
fraternity. 

-.  new  position,  however,  was  attractive  only 
while  it  was  novel.  Moody,  who  had  received 
a  fair  education,  soon  became  disgusted  with 
the  coarseness  and  vulgarity  of  his  associates. 
At  the  solicitation  of  a  neighbouring  clergy- 
man, he  was  restored  to  the  friendship  of  his 
aunt,  who  had  soon  sad  reason  to  regret  that  her 

-sion  had  got  the  better  of  her  prudence ; 
for  one  Sunday  afternoon,  while  she  was  absent 
at  church,  young  Moody  who  had  pleaded  in- 
disposition and  BO  obtained  permission  to  stay 
at  home,  decamped  (after  dispatching  the  ser- 
vant to  the  town,  a  mile  distant,  to  fetch  the 
doctor)  in  the  meantime,  emptying  his  aunt's 
'  safety  cupboard '  of  a  couple  of  gold  watches 

J  in  cash  and  country  notes. 

s  roving  disposition  then  induced  him  to 
try  the   sea,  and    the   knowledge    lie   <>' 
several    voyages    ntr 

nf    frauds  which   got    :  nnc   of 

'Captain   Moody,   the 

rson  are  well  known,  and  oft 
with  great  admiration  among  the  pattering  fra- 
i  one  occasi<> 

..ort  was  summon 

i,  a  brig,  had  just  ar- 
il Portsmouth,  the  captain's  name  was 

.  and   this  gentleman  Slrxm-. 
fcr  the  time  be: tig.     '  I  have  occa*iou,'  said  he 


to  the  butcher,  '  for  an  additional  supply  of 
beef  for  the  Louisa ;  I  have  heard  you  spoken 
of  by  Captain  Harrison*  (whom  Moody  knew  tc 
be  an  old  friend  of  the  butcher's),  'and  I  ha?e 
thus  given  you  the  preference.  I  want  a  bul- 
lock, cut  up  in  121b.  pieces;  it  must  be  on 
board  by  three  to-morrow.'  The  price  was 
agreed  upon,  and  the  captain  threw  down  a  few 
sovereigns  in  payment,  but,  of  course,  disco- 
vered that  he  had  not  gold  enough  to  cover  the 
whole  amount,  so  he  proposed  to  give  him  t 
cheque  he  had  just  received  from  Captain  Harri- 
son for  £100,  and  the  butcher  could  give  him  the 
difference.  The  tradesman  was  nothing  loth, 
for  a  cheque  upon  '  Vallance,  Mills,  and  West,' 
with  Captain  Harrison's  signature,  was  reckoned 
equal  to  money  any  day,  and  so  the  butcher 
considered  the  one  he  had  received,  until  the 
next  morning,  when  the  draft  and  the  order 
proved  to  be  forgeries.  The  culprit  was,  of 
course,  nowhere  to  be  found,  nor,  indeed,  heard 
of  till  two  years  after,  when  he  had  removed  the 
scene  of  his  depredations  to  Liverpool. 

"  In  that  port  he  had  a  colleague,  a  man  whose 
manners  and  appearance  were  equally  prepos- 
sessing. Moody  sent  his  '  pal '  into  a  jeweller's 
shop,  near  the  corner  of  Lord-street,  who  there 
purchased  a  small  gold  seal,  paid  for  it,  and  took 
his  leave.  Immediately  afterwards,  Moody  en- 
tered the  shop  under  evident  excitement,  declar- 
ing that  he  had  seen  the  person,  who  had  just 
left  the  shop  secrete  two,  if  not  three,  seals  up 
his  coat-sleeve ;  adding,  that  the  fellow  had  just 
gone  through  the  Exchange,  and  that  if  the 
jeweller  were  quick  he  would  be  sure  to  catch 
him.  The  jeweller  ran  out  without  his  hat, 
leaving  his  kind  friend  in  charge  of  the  shop, 
and  soon  returned  with  the  supposed  criminal  in 
his  custody.  The  '  captain,'  however,  in  the 
mean  tune,  had  decamped,  taking  with  him  a 
tray  from  the  window,  containing  precious  mate- 
rials to  the  value  of  300/. 

"At  another  time,  the  'captain'  prepared  a 
document,  setting  forth  '  losses  in  the  Baltic 
trade,'  and  a  dismal  variety  of  disasters;  and 
concluding  with  a  melancholy  shipwreck,  which 
had  really  taken  place  just  about  that  time  in 
the  German  Ocean.  With  this  he  travelled  over 
•:re.it  part  of  Scotland,  and  with  almost  unpre- 
cedented success.  Journeying  near  the  Frith  of 
Forth,  he  paid  a  visit  to  Lord  Dahncny — a 

um  of  great  benevolence — who  ha<: 
the  account  of  the  shipwreck  in  the  ben"  jour- 
nals, and  wondered    that  the   petition   was    not 
signed  hy  influential   persons  on  the  spot;  and, 
somewhat  suspicious  of  the  reality  of  the  '<*p 
tainV  identity,  placed  a  terrestrial  glohe  hi  tors 
him.  and  btfgM  to  he  shown  '  in  what  latitude 
he   was   cast  away.'      The   awkwardness   with 
which    Moody  handled  the  globe  showed   that 
he   was    'out'of  hit    latitude'    altogether.       H    - 
lordship  thereupon   committed  the   docui: 
:  I-H,  but  ifeiu-rnusly  nave-  tin1   '  <••>!  * 

1  some  good  adv  < 

appropriated  at  the  nearest  public-house,  of  tht 
e  least  use. 


264 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  Old,  and  worn  out  by  excesses  and  impri- 
•onmenl,  he  subsists  now  by  '  sitting  pad '  about 
the  suburban  pavements  ;  and  when,  on  a  recent 
evening,  he  was  recognised  in  a  low  public- 
house  in  Deptford,  he  was  heard  to  say,  with 
a  sigh:  'Ah!  once  I  could  "screeve  a  fake- 
ment"  (write  a  petition)  or  " 


kur' 


cooper  a  mone- 
( forge  a  signature)  with  any  man  alive, 


and  my  heart's  game  now  ;  but  I'm  old  and 
asthmatic,  and  got  the  rheumatis,  so  that  1  ain't 
worth  a  d — n.' 

"'The  Lady  Lurker.' — Of  this  person  very 
little  is  known,  and  that  little,  it  is  said,  makes 
her  an  object  of  pity.  Her  father  was  a  dissent- 
ing minister  in  Bedfordshire.  She  has  been 
twice  married ;  her  first  husband  was  a  school- 
master at  Hackney,  and  nephew  of  a  famous 
divine  who  wrote  a  Commentary  on  the  Bible, 
and  was  chaplain  to  George  III.  She  after- 
wards married  a  physician  in  Cambridgeshire  (a 

Dr.  S ),  who  is  alleged  to  have  treated  her 

ill,  and  even  to  have  attempted  to  poison  her. 
She  has  no  children ;  and,  since  the  death  of 
her  husband,  has  passed  through  various  grades, 
till  she  is  now  a  cadger.  She  dresses  becomingly 

in  black,  and  sends  in  her  card  (Mrs.  Dr.  S ) 

to  the  houses  whose  occupants  are  known,  or 
supposed,  to  be  charitable.  She  talks  with  them 
for  a  certain  time,  and  then  draws  forth  a  few 
boxes  of  lucif'ers,  which,  she  says,  she  is  com- 
pelled to  sell  for  her  living.  These  lucifers  are 
merely  excuses,  of  course,  for  begging;  still, 
nothing  is  known  to  have  ever  transpired  in  her 
behaviour  wholly  unworthy  of  a  distressed  gen- 
tlewoman. She  lives  in  private  lodgings." 

I  continue  the  account  of  these  habitations, 
and  of  their  wretched  occupants,  from  the  pen 
of  the  same  gentleman  whose  vicissitudes  (partly 
self-procured)  led  him  to  several  years'  acquaint- 
ance with  the  subject. 

"  Padding-kens"  (lodging-houses)  in  the  coun- 
try are  certainly  preferable  abodes  to  those  of 
St.  Giles's,  Westminster,  or  Whitechapel ;  but  in 
country  as  in  town,  their  condition  is  extremely 
filthy  and  disgusting ;  many  of  them  are  scarcely 
ever  washed,  and  as  to  sweeping,  once  a  week  is 
miraculous.  In  most  cases  they  swarm  with 
vermin,  and,  except  where  their  position  is 
very  airy,  the  ventilation  is  imperfect,  and  fre- 
quent sickness  the  necessary  result.  It  is  a 
matter  of  surprise  that  the  nobility,  clergy,  and 
gentry  of  the  realm  should  permit  the  existence 
of  such  horrid  dwellings. 

"  1  think,"  continues  my  informant,  "  that  the 
majority  of  these  poor  wretches  are  without  even 
the  idea  of  respectability  or  '  home  comforts,' — 
litany  of  them  must  be  ranked  among  the  worst 
of  our  population.  Some,  who  could  live  else- 
v;here,  prefer  these  wretched  abodes,  because 
they  answer  various  evil  purposes.  With  beg- 
gars, patterers,  hawkers,  tramps,  and  vendors 
of  their  own  manufacture,  are  mingled  thieves, 
women  of  easy  virtue,  and  men  of  no  virtue  at 
all ;  a  few,  and  by  far  the  smallest  portion,  are 
persons  vho  once  filled  posts  of  credit  and 
affluence,  but  whom  bankruptcy,  want  of  em- 


ployment, or  sickness  has  driven  to  these  disrual 
retreats.  The  vast  majority  of  London  vagrant! 
take  their  summer  vacation  in  the  country,  and 
the  'dodges'  of  both  are  interchanged,  and  every 
new  '  move '  circulates  in  almost  no  time. 

"  I  will  endeavour  to  sketch  a  few  of  the  most 
renowned  'performers'  on  this  theatre  of  action. 

By  far  the  most  illustrious  is  '  Nicholas  A ,' 

an  ame  known  to  the  whole  cadging  fraternity 
as  a  real  descendant  from  Bamfylde  Moore 
Carew,  and  the  '  prince  of  lurkers'  and  pat- 
terers for  thirty  years  past.  This  man  owes 
much  of  his  success  to  his  confessedly  imposing 
appearance,  and  many  of  his  escapes  to  the  known 
respectability  of  his  connections.  His  father — 
yet  alive  —  is  a  retired  captain  in  the  Royal 
Navy,  a  gentleman  of  good  private  property, 
and  one  of  her  Majesty's  justices  of  peace  for 
the  county  of  Devon — the  southern  extremity  of 
which  was  the  birth-place  of  Nicholas.  But 
little  is  known  of  his  early  days.  He  went  to 
school  at  Tavistock,  where  he  received  a  good 
education,  and  began  life  by  cheating  his  school- 
fellows. 

"  The  foolish  fondness  of  an  indulgent  mother, 
and  some  want  of  firmness  in  paternal  disci- 
pline, accelerated  the  growth  of  every  weed  of 
infamy  in  Nicholas,  and  baffled  every  ex- 
periment, by  sea  and  land,  to  '  set '  him  up  in 
life. 

"  Scarcely  was  he  out  of  his  teens,  when  he 
honoured  the  sister  country  with  his  visits  and 
his  depredations.  About  the  centre  of  Sackvillc- 
street,  Dublin,  there  lived  a  wealthy  silversmith 
of  the  name  of  Wise.  Into  his  shop  (accom- 
panied by  one  of  his  pals  in  livery)  went  Nicho- 
las, whose  gentlemanly  exterior,  as  I  have  already 
hinted,  would  disarm  suspicion  in  a  stranger. 

"  '  Good  morning  sir,  is  your  name  Wise  ? — 
Yes,  sir. — Well,  that  is  my  name. — Indeed,  of 
the  English  family,  I  suppose  ? — Yes,  sir. 
Kent. — Oh,  indeed !  related  to  the  ladies  of 
Leeds  Castle,  I  presume  ? — I  have  the  honour 
to  be  their  brother. —  James,  is  your  name 
James  or  John  ? — Neither,  sir,  it  is  Jacob. — 
Oh,  indeed!  a  very  ancient  name. — Well,  I 
have  occasion  to  give  a  party  at  the  Corn 
Exchange  Tavern,  and  I  want  a  little  plate  on 
hire,  can  you  supply  me?' — A  very  polite 
affirmative  settled  this  part  of  the  business. 
Plate  to  the  amount  of  150/.  was  selected  and 
arranged,  when  Nicholas  discovered  that  his 
pocket-book  was  at  home  (to  complete  the 
deception,  his  right  arm  was  in  a  sling).  '  Will 
you,  Mr.  W;se  (you  see  my  infirmity),  write  me 
a  few  lines  ? — With  the  greatest  pleasure,'  was 
the  silversmith's  reply. — '  Well,  let  me  see. 
"  My  dear,  do  not  be  surprised  at  this ;  I  icant 
150/.,  or  all  the  money  you  can  send,  per  nearer; 
I  will  explain  at  dinner-time.  J.  WISE." 

"  '  Now,  John,  take  tin's  to  your  mistress,  and 
be  quick."  As  John  was  not  very  hasty  in  his 
return,  Nicholas  went  to  look  for  him,  leaving 
a  strict  injunction  that  the  plate  should  1 
to  the  Corn  Exchange  Tavern,  as  soon  as  the 
deposit  was  received.  This  happened  at  eleven 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


265 


in  the  forenoon — the  clock  struck  five  and  no 
return  of  either  the  master  or  the  man. 

"  The  jeweller  left  a  message  with  his  ap- 
prentice, and  went  home  to  his  dinner.  He 
was  met  at  the  door  of  his  suburban  villa  by 
his  '  better  half,'  who  wondered  what  made 
him  so  late,  and  wished  to  know  the  nature  of 
the  exigency  which  had  caused  him  to  send 
home  for  so  much  money  ?  The  good  man's 
perplexity  was  at  an  end  when  he  saw  his  own 
handwriting  on  the  note ;  and  every  means  within 
the  range  of  constabulary  vigilance  was  taken 
to  :apture  the  offender,  but  Nicholas  and  his 
servant  got  clear  off. 

"This  man's  ingenuity  was  then  taxed  as  to 
the  next  move,  so  he  thought  it  expedient  to  tax 
somebody  else.  He  went  with  his  '  pal '  to  a 
miscellaneous  repository,  where  they  bought  a 
couple  of  old  ledgers  —  useful  only  as  waste 
paper,  a  bag  to  hold  money,  two  ink-bottles,  &c. 
Thus  equipped,  they  waited  on  the  farmers  of 
the  district,  and  exhibited  a  '  fakement,'  setting 
forth  parliamentary  authority  for  imposing  a  tax 
upon  the  geese !  They  succeeded  to  admiration, 
and  weeks  elapsed  before  the  hoax  was  disco- 
vered. The  coolness  of  thus  assuming  legisla- 
torial  functions,  and  being,  at  the  same  time, 
the  executive  power,  has  rarely  been  equalled. 

"  There  is  an  old  proverb,  that  '  It  is  an  ill 
wind  that  blows  nobody  good.'  The  gallant  'cap- 
tain* was  domiciled  at  a  lodging-house  in  Gains- 
borough, Lincolnshire,  where  he  found  all  the 
lodgers  complaining  of  the  badness  of  the  times 
— most  of  them  were  makers  of  nets.  He  sal- 
lied forth  to  all  the  general  shops,  and  left  his 
(fictitious)  'captain'  card  at  each,  with  an  order 
for  an  unusual  number  of  nets.  This  'dodge' 
gave  a  week's  work  to  at  least  twenty  poor 
people;  but  whether  the  shopkeepers  were 
t  in  a  net,'  or  the  articles  were  paid  for 
and  removed  by  the  '  captain,'  or  whether  it 
was  a  piece  of  pastime  on  his  part,  I  did  not 
stay  long  enough  to  ascertain. 

iolas  A is  now  in  his  sixty-second 

year,  a  perfect  hypochondriac.     On  his  own  au- 
thority— and  it  is,  no  doubt,  too  true — he  has 
lurking '  on  every  conceivable   system, 
from  forging  a  bill  of  exchange  down  to  '  maun- 
•'"'  Ay.'  f°r  the  greater  part  of  his 
life;  and,  excepting  the  'hundred  and  thirteen 
times'  he  ha«  been   in  provincial  jails,  society 
has  endured  the  scourge  of  his  <i 
a  quarter  of  a  century  at  least.      He   nov 

_'  prostitute  in  Portsmouth,  and  con- 
tributes to  her  wretched  earnings  an  allowance 
•1  to  mm  ny  the  attoniey  of  a 
distant  and  disgusted  relative." 

The  writer  of  this  account  was  himself  two 
years  on  the  "  monkry,"  before  he  saw  a 
lodging-house  for  tramps ;  and  the  first  he  «*r 
saw  was  one  well-known  to  every  patt. 
•ii.  and  whose  fame  he  says  is 

r  its  wayfaring  inmates 
are  very  proud  of  its  popular 

"It  may  be  as  well,"  writes  the  informant 
in  question,  "  before  submitting  the  following 


account,  to  state  that  there  are  other,  and  more 
elaborate  marks — the  hieroglyphics  of  tramping 
— than  those  already  given.  I  will  accordingly 
explain  them. 

"  Two  hawkers  (pals)  go  together,  but  separate 
when  they  enter  a  village,  one  taking  each  side 
of  the  road,  and  selling  different  things  ;  and,  so 
as  to  inform  each  other  as  to  the  character  of  the 
people  at  whose  houses  they  call,  they  chalk 
certain  marks  on  their  door-posts : 

"  <•»-  means  *  Go  on.  /  have  called  here ;  don't 
you  call — it's  no  go.' 

"  rv  means  '  Stop — you  may  call  here  ;  they 
want'  (for  instance)  'what  you  sell,  though  not 
what  f  sell ;'  or  else, '  They  had  no  change  when 
1  was  there,  but  may  have  it  now ;'  or,  '  If  they 
don't  buy,  at  least  they'll  treat  you  civilly.' 

"  >-  on  a  corner-house,  or  a  sign-post,  means, 
'  I  went  this  way ;'  or  *  Go  on  in  this  direc- 
tion.' 

"  :H-  on  a  corner-house,  or  sign-post,  means 
'  Stop  -don't  go  any  further  in  this  direction.' 

"  0  as  before  explained,  means  '  danger.' 

"  Like  many  other  young  men,  I  had  lived 
above  my  income,  and,  too  proud  to  crave 
parental  forgiveness,  had  thrown  off  the  bonds 
of  authority  for  a  life  of  adventure.  I  was  now 
homeless  upon  the  world.  With  a  body  capable 
of  either  exertion  or  fatigue,  and  a  heart  not 
easily  terrified  by  danger,  I  endured  rather  than 
enjoyed  my  itinerant  position.  I  sold  small 
articles  of  Tunbridge  ware,  perfumery,  &c..  &c., 
and  by  'munging'  (begging)  over  them— some- 
times in  Latin — got  a  better  living  than  I  ex- 
pected, or  probably  deserved.  I  was  always  of 
temperate  and  rather  abstemious  habits,  but 
ignorant  of  the  haunts  of  other  wanderers, 
(whom  I  saw  in  dozens  every  day  upon  every 
road,  and  every  conceivable  pursuit)  I  took 
up  my  nightly  quarters  at  a  sort  of  third-rate 
public-houses,  and  supposed  that  my  contem- 
poraries did  the  same.  How  long  my  igno- 
rance might  have  continued  (if  left  to  myself) 
I  can  hardly  determine ;  an  adventure  at  a 
road-side  inn,  however,  removed  the  veil  from 
my  eyes,  and  I  became  gradually  and  speedily 
'  awake'  to  '  every  move  on  the  board.'  It  was  a 
lovely  evening  in  July,  the  air  was  serene  and 
the  scenery  romantic-  ;  my  own  feelings  were  in 
unison  with  both,  and  enhanced  perhaps  by  the 
fact  that  I  had  beguiled  the  last  two  miles  of 
my  deliberate  walk  with  a  page  out  of  my  pocket- 
companion,  '  Burke  on  the  Sublime  and  Beauti- 
ful.' I  was  now  smoking  my  pipe  and  quaffing 
a  pint  of  real  '  Yorkshire  stingo'  in  the  '  keep- 
ing room'  (a  term  which  combines  parlour  and 
kitchen  in  one  word)  of  a  real  '  Yorksh.: 
l.iRi-.1  Dr.uiluld.  near  Shctlield.  A  young  person 
>t  her  sex  was  my  only  and  accidental 
i  on  ;  she  had  been  driven  into  the-  house 
-  "usness  of  a  vigilant  village 
ht  finding  that  she  sold  lace  with- 
out a  license.  mtely  worse  i< -fused  to 
listen  to  his  advances,  had  warned  her  to  '  maka 
I '  at  hrr  '  earliest  possible  conve- 
nit  nee.' 


206 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  Having  elicited  what  I  did  for  a  living,  she 
popped  the  startling  question  to  me,  '  Where  do 
you  "  hang  out"  in  Sheffield  ? '  I  told  her  that 
1  had  never  been  in  Sheffield,  and  did  not 
'hang  out'  my  little  wares,  but  used  my  per- 
suasive art  to  induce  the  purchase  of  them. 
The  lady  said, '  Well,  you  are  "  green."  I  mean, 
where  do  you  dos  ? '  This  was  no  better,  it 
seemed  something  like  Greek, — '  delta,  omicron, 
sigma,'  (I  retain  the  "  patterer's"  own  words  to 
show  the  education  of  the  class) — but  the  etymo- 
logy was  no  relief  to  the  perplexity.  '  Where 
do  you  mean  to  sleep  ? '  she  inquired.  I  re- 
ferred to  my  usual  practice  of  adjourning  to  an 
humble  public-house.  My  companion  at  once 
threw  off  All  manner  of  disguise,  and  said, 
'  Well,  sir,  you  are  a  young  man  that  I  have 
taken  a  liking  to,  and  if  you  think  you  should 
like  my  company,  I  will  take  you  to  a  lodging 
where  there  is  plenty  of  travellers,  and  you  will 
see  "  all  sorts  of  life.'  "  I  liked  the  girl's  com- 
pany, and  our  mutual  acquiescence  made  us 
companions  on  the  road.  We  had  not  got  far 
before  we  met  the  aforesaid  constable  in  com- 
pany with  an  unmistakeable  member  of  the 
Rural  Police.  They  made  some  inquiries  of 
me,  which  I  thought  exceeded  their  commis- 
sion. I  replied  to  them  with  a  mutilated  Ode  of 
Horace,  when  they  both  determined  that  I  was 
a  Frenchman,  and  allowed  us  to  '  go  on  our 
way  rejoicing.' 

"  The  smoky,  though  well-built,  town  of  Shef- 
field was  now  near  at  hand.  The  daylight  was 
past,'  and  the  '  shades  of  the  evening  were 
stretching  out ; '  we  were  therefore  enabled  to 
journey  through  the  thoroughfares  without  im- 
pertinent remarks,  or  perhaps  any  observation, 
except  from  a  toothless  old  woman,  of  John 
Wesley's  school,  who  was  '  sorry  to  see  two  such 
nice  young  people  going  about  the  country,'  and 
wondered  if  we  '  ever  thought  of  eternity  ! ' 

"  After  a  somewhat  tedious  ramble,  we  arrived 
at  Water-lane  ; — at  the  '  Bug-trap,'  which  from 
time  immemorial  has  been  the  name  of  the 
most- renowned  lodging-house  in  that  or  per- 
haps any  locality.  Water-lane  is  a  dark  narrow 
street,  crowded  with  human  beings  of  the  most 
degraded  sort — the  chosen  atmosphere  of  cholera, 
and  the  stronghold  of  theft  and  prostitution. 
In  less  than  half  an  hour,  my  fair  companion 
and  myself  were  sipping  our  tea,  and  eating 
Yorkshire  cake  in  this  same  lodging-house. 

"  '  God  bless  every  happy  couple  ! '  was  echoed 
from  a  rude  stentorian  voice,  while  a  still  ruder 
hand  bumped  down  upon  our  tea-table  a  red 
earthen  dish  of  no  small  dimensions,  into  which 
was  poured,  from  the  mouth  of  a  capacious  bag, 
fragments  of  fish,  flesh,  and  fowl,  viands  and 
vegetables  of  every  sort,  intermingled  with  bits 
of  cheese  and  dollops  of  Yorkshire  pudding. 
The  man  to  whom  this  heterogeneous  mass  be- 
longed, appeared  anything  but  satisfied  with  his 
lot.  '  Well,'  said  he,  '  I  don't  know  what  this 
'ere  monkry  will  come  to,  after  a  bit.  Three  bob 
and  a  tanner,  and  that  there  dish  o'  sera  n 
(enough  to  feed  two  families  for  a  fortnight)  '  is 


all  I  got  this  blessed  day  since  seven  o'clock  in 
the  morning,  and  now  it's  nine  at  night.'  I 
ventured  to  say  something,  but  a  remark,  too 
base  for  repetition,  'put  the  stunners  on  me,' 
and  I  held  my  peace. 

"  I  was  here  surprised,  on  conversing  with  my 
young  female  companion,  to  find  that  she  went 
to  church,  said  her  prayers  night  and  morning, 
and  knew  many  of  the  collects,  some  of  which 
she  repeated,  besides  a  pleasing  variety  of  Dr. 
Watts's  hymns.  At  the  death  of  her  mother, 
her  father  had  given  up  housekeeping ;  and, 
being  too  fond  of  a  wandering  life,  had  led  his 
only  child  into  habits  like  his  own. 

"  As  the  night  advanced,  the  party  at  the 
'  Bug-trap  '  more  than  doubled.  High-flyers, 
shallow-coves,  turnpike-sailors,  and  swells  out 
of  luck,  made  up  an  assembly  of  fourscore 
human  beings,  more  than  half  of  whom  were 
doomed  to  sleep  on  a  '  make-shift ' — in  other 
words,  on  a  platform,  raised  just  ten  inches 
above  the  floor  of  the  garret,  which  it  nearly 
equalled  in  dimensions.  Here  were  to  be  hud- 
dled together,  with  very  little  covering,  old  men 
and  women,  young  men  and  children,  with  no 
regard  to  age,  sex,  or  propensities. 

"The  'mot'  of  the  'ken'  (nickname  for 
'matron  of  the  establishment1)  had  discovered 
that  I  was  a  'more  bettermost'  sort  of  person, 
and  hinted  that,  if  I  would  'come  down'  with 
twopence  more  (threepence  was  the  regular 
nightly  charge),  I,  '  and  the  young  gal  as  I  was 
with,'  might  have  a  little  'crib'  to  ourselves  in 
a  little  room,  along  with  another  woman  wot  was 
married  and  had  a  '  kid,'  and  whose  husband 
had  got  a  month  for  '  griddling  in  the  main 
drag'  (singing  in  the  high  street),  and  being 
'  cheekish'  (saucy)  to  the  beadle. 

"  Next  morning  I  bade  adieu  to  the  '  Bug- 
trap,'  and  I  hope  for  ever." 

The  same  informant  further  stated  that  he 
was  some  time  upon  "  tramp  "  before  he  even 
knew  of  the  existence  of  a  common  lodging- 
house :  "After  I  had  'matriculated'  at  Shef- 
field," he  says,  "  I  continued  some  time  going  to 
public-houses  to  sleep,  until  my  apparel  having 
got  shabby  and  my  acquintance  with  misfor- 
tune more  general,  I  submitted  to  be  the  asso- 
ciate of  persons  whom  I  never  spoke  to  out  of 
doors,  and  whose  even  slight  acquaintance  I 
have  long  renounced.  My  first  introduction  to 
a  London  paddin'  ken  was  in  Whitechapel,  the 
place  was  then  called  Cat  and  Wheel-alley 
(now  Commercial-street).  On  the  spot  where 
St.  Jude's  church  now  stands  was  a  double 
lodging-house,  kept  by  a  man  named  Shirley- 
one  side  of  it  was  for  single  men  and  women, 
the  other  married  couples  ;  as  these  '  couples  ' 
made  frequent  exchanges,  it  is  scarcely  pro- 
bable that  Mr.  Shirley  ever  '  asked  to  see  their 
marriage  lines.'  These  changes  were,  indeed, 
as  common  as  they  were  disgusting.  I  knew 
two  brothers  (Birmingham  nailers)  who  each 
brought  a  young  woman  out  of  service  from  the 
country.  After  awhile  each  became  dissatisfied 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


267 


with  his  partner.  The  mistress  of  the  house  (an 
old  procuress  from  Portsmouth)  proposed  that 
they  should  change  their  wives.  They  did  so, 
to  the  amusement  of  nine  other  couples  sleeping 
on  the  same  floor,  and  some  of  whom  followed 
the  example,  and  more  than  once  during  the 
Ught. 

••  When  Cat  and  Wheel-alley  was  pulled 
down,  the  crew  rerrioved  to  George-yard;  the 
proprietor  died,  and  his  wife  sold  the  concern  to 
a  wooden- legged  Welshman  named  Hughes 
(commonly  called  'TafF).  I  was  there  some 
time.  '  TafF  was  a  notorious  receiver  of  stolen 
goods.  I  knew  two  little  boys,  who  brought 
home  six  pairs  of  new  Wellington  boots,  which 
tins  miscreant  bought  at  1*.  per  pair;  and,  when 
.d  no  luck,  he  would  take  the  strap  off  his 
wooden-leg,  and  beat  them  through  the  naked- 
He  boarded  and  lodged 

about  a  dozen  Chelsea  and  Greenwich  pension- 
ers. These  he  used  to  follow  and  watch  closely 
till  they  got  paid ;  then  (after  they  had  settled 
with  him)  he  would  make  them  drunk,  and  rob 
them  of  the  few  shillings  they  had  left. 

"  One  of  these  dens  of  infamy  may  be  taken 
as  a  specimen  of  the  whole  class.  They  have 
generally  a  spacious,  though  often  ill-ventilated, 
kitchen,  the  dirty  dilapidated  walls  of  which  are 
hung  with  prints,  while  a  shelf  or  two  are  gene- 
rally, though  barely,  furnished  with  crockery 
and  kitchen  utensils.  In  some  places  knives 
and  forks  are  not  provided,  unless  a  penny  is 
left  with  the  '  deputy,'  or  manager,  till  they 
irned.  A  brush  of  any  kind  is  a  stranger, 
and  a  looking-glass  would  be  a  miracle.  The 
average  number  of  nightly  lodgers  is  in  winter 
70,  and  in  summer  (when  many  visit  the  pro- 
vinces) from  40  to  4.5.  The  general  charge  is, 
if  two  sleep  together,  3d.  per  night,  or  4rf.  for  a 
single  bed.  In  either  case,  it  is  by  no  means 
il  to  find  18  or  20  in  one  small  room,  the 
heat  and  horrid  smell  from  which  are  insuffer- 
able ;  and,  where  there  are  young  children,  the 
cs  are  the  lodgment  of  every  kind  of  filth 
and  abomination.  In  some  houses  there  are 
rooms  for  families,  where,  on  a  rickety  machine, 
which  they  dignify  by  the  name  c: 
may  be  found  the  man,  his  wife,  and  a  son  or 
daughter,  perhaps  18  years  of  age ;  while  the 
younger  children,  aged  from  7  to  14,  si 
the  floor.  If  they  have  linen. 
WCapo  naked,  one  by  • 

nes  brother  and  sister  togeii 

•ire;  the  subject  is  too  capable  of 

being  authenticated  to  i.  aningless  or 

t  assistance  called  'allowable  exaggera- 

The    amiable    and   deservedly   popular 

:iuilt  aniou^ 

ises,  has  stated  that  he   has  foi. 
>    beings    in    one   apartment;    and    th.it 
saving  with  difficulty  knelt  down   b 
beds  to  pray  with  a  dying  woman,  his  legs  be- 
came  so  jammed  that  he  could  hardly 

omc  fourscore  such  habitat 

j«  my  iuf 


two  which  had  any  sort  of  gai  den ;  and,  I  am 
happy  to  add,  that  in  neither  of  these  two  was 
there  a  single  case  of  cholera.  In  the  others, 
however,  the  pestilence  raged  with  terrible 
fury. 

"  Of  all  the  houses  of  this  sort,  the  best  I 
know  is  the  one  (previously  referred  to)  in  Or- 
chard-street, Westminister,  and  another  in  Seven 
Dials,  kept  by  a  Mr.  Mann  (formerly  a  wealthy 
butcher).  Cleanliness  is  inscribed  on  every  wall 
of  the  house ;  utensils  of  every  kind  are  in 
abundance,  with  a  plentiful  supply  of  water  and 
gas.  The  beds  do  not  exceed  five  in  a  room, 
and  they  are  changed  every  week.  There  is  not 
one  disorderly  lodger ;  and  although  the  master 
has  sustained  heavy  losses,  ill  health,  and  much 
domestic  affliction,  himself  and  his  house  may 
be  regarded  as  patterns  of  what  is  wanted  for 
the  London  poor. 

"  As  there  is  a  sad  similarity  between  these 
abodes,  so  there  is  a  sort  of  caste  belonging  in 
general  to  the  inmates.  Of  them  it  may  be  averred 
that  whatever  their  pursuits,  they  are  more  or  less 
alike  in  their  views  of  men  and  manners.  They 
hate  the  aristocracy.  Whenever  there  is  a 
rumour  or  an  announcement  of  an  addition  to 
the  Royal  Family,  and  the  news  reaches  the 
padding-ken,  the  kitchen,  for  half-an-hour,  be- 
comes the  scene  of  uproar — '  another  expense 
coming  on  the  b — y  country ! '  The  '  patterers ' 
are  very  fond  of  the  Earl  of  Carlisle,  whom,  in 
their  attachment,  they  still  call  Lord  Morpeth ; 
they  have  read  many  of  his  lordship's  speeches 
at  soirees,  &c.,  and  they  think  he  wishes  well  to 
a  poor  man.  Sir  James  Graham  had  better  not 
show  face  among  them ;  they  have  an  idea 
(whence  derived  we  know  not)  that  this  noble- 
man invented  fourpenny-pieces,  and  now,  they 
say,  the  swells  give  a  'joey'  where  they  used  to 
give  a  '  tanner.'  The  hero  of  Waterloo  is  not 
much  amiss  'if  he  lets  politics  alone.'  The 
name  of  a  bishop  is  but  another  name  for  a 
Beelzebub;  but  they  are  very  fond  of  the  inte- 
rior clergy.  Lay-agents  and  tract-distributors 
they  cannot  bear  ;  they  think  they  are  spic-i 
come  to  see  how  much  'scran'  (food)  they  have 
i  then  go  and  'pyson'  the  minds  of  the 
public  against  poor  people. 

yi  our  informant)   in  a  house 
of  this  kind,  in   George-strict.  St.  GiliVs,—  the 

iary  who  visited  them  on  l! 
(Sunday  afternoon)  had  the  ini.sfoitnne  to  be 
<d  as  the  author  of  some  reecnt  expo- 
sure in  the  newspapers.  —  Thev  aeeused  him, 
and  he  rebutted  the  accusation  ;  they  replied, 
and  he  rejoined;  at  last  one  of  the  men  .-aid, 
'  What  do  you  want  poking  your  nose  in  here 
for?'  the  answer, 

'  had  authorised .'     '  Authorised  be  d — di 

'  No.  not  \ct,  fiend.'      The 

then   tore   the    poor  gentleman's   ndluT 

cribr.     The 

m  into   the   \ai.l.  tilled  his   mouth 
with  1!  '  ml   and  then   pr.t  him   in  a 

I  satisfied,  quite   a  mistake  to 


268 


LONDON  LA^^vR  AND  tHE  LONDON  POOR. 


suppose  that  there  is  much  real  infidelity 
among  these  outcast  beings.  They  almost  all 
believe  in  a  hereafter ;  most  of  them  think  that 
the  wicked  will  be  punished  for  a  few  years,  and 
then  the  whole  universe  of  people  be  embraced 
in  the  arms  of  one  Great  Forgiving  Father. 
Some  of  them  think  that  the  wicked  will  not 
rise  at  all ;  the  punishment  of  '  losing  Heaven  ' 
being  as  they  say  '  Hell  enough  for  anybody.' 
Points  of  doctrine  they  seldom  meddle  with. 

"  There  are  comparatively  few  Dissenters  to 
be  found  in  padding-kens,  though  many  whose 
parents  were  Dissenters.  My  own  opinion 
(writes  my  informant)  is,  that  dissent  seldom 
lasts  long  in  one  family.  In  eight  years'  expe- 
rience I  have  found  two  hundred  apparently 
pious  men  and  women,  and  at  least  two  thou- 
sand who  call  themselves  Protestants,  but  never 
go  to  any  church  or  chapel. 

"  The  politics  of  these  classes  are,  perhaps, 
for  the  most  part,  '  liberal  Tory.'  In  most 
lodging-houses  they  take  one  or  two  papers :  the 
Weekly  Dispatch,  and  Bell's  Weekly  Messenger, 
are  the  two  usually  taken.  I  know  of  no 
exception  to  this  rule.  The  beggars  hate  a 
Whig  Ministry,  and  I  know  that  many  a  tear 
was  shed  in  the  hovels  and  cellars  of  London 
when  Sir  Robert  Peel  died.  I  know  a  pub- 
lican, in  Westminster,  whose  daily  receipts  are 
enormous,  and  whose  only  customers  are  sol- 
diers, thieves,  and  prostitutes,  who  closed  his 
house  the  day  of  the  funeral,  and  put  himself, 
his  family,  and  even  his  beer-machines  and 
gas-pipes,  into  mourning  for  the  departed 
statesman. 

"  The  pattering  fraternity,  that  I  write  of,  are 
generally  much  given  to  intemperance.  Their 
amusements  are  the  theatre,  the  free-and-easy, 
the  skittle-ground,  and  sometimes  cards  and 
dominoes.  They  read  some  light  works,  and 
some  of  them  subscribe  to  libraries,  and  a  few, 
very  few,  attend  lectures.  Eliza  Cook  is  a 
favourite  writer  with  them,  and  Capt  Marry  att, 
the  '  top-sawyer,'  as  a  novelist.  Ainsworth  is  the 
idol  of  another  class,  when  they  can  read.  Mr. 
Dickens  was  a  favourite,  but  he  has  gone  down 
sadly  in  the  scale  since  his  Household  Words 
4  came  it  so  strong  '  against  the  begging  letter 
department  These  poor  creatures  seldom  rise 
in  society.  They  make  no  effort  to  extricate 
themselves,  while  by  others  they  are  unpitied 
because  unknown.  To  this  rule,  however,  there 
are  some  happy  and  honourable  exceptions. 

"  Taken  as  a  body,  patterers,  lurkers,  &c. 
are  by  no  means  quick-sighted  as  to  the  sanc- 
tions of  moral  obligation.  They  would  join  the 
hue  and  cry  against  the  persecutors  of  Jane 
Wilbred,  but  a  promiscuous  robbery,  even 
accompanied  by  murder — if  it  was  '  got  up 
clever '  and  '  done  clean,'  so  long  as  the  parties 
escaped  detection — might  call  forth  a  remark 
that  '  there  was  no  great  harm  done,'  and  per- 
haps some  would  applaud  the  perpetrators." 

Before  quitting  this  part  of  my  subject  (viz. 
the  character,  habits,  and  opinions  of  all  classes 
ftf  patterers),  I  will  give  an  account  of  the  pre- 


tended missionary  proceedings  of  a  man,  well- 
known  to  the  vagrant  fraternity  as  "  Chelsea 
George."  I  received  the  following  narrative 
from  the  gentleman  whose  statements  I  have 
given  previously.  The  scheme  was  concocted  in 
a  low  lodging-house : 

"  After  a  career  of  incessant  '  lurking '  and 
deceit,  Chelsea  George  left  England,  and  re- 
mained abroad,"  writes  my  informant,  "  four  or 
five  years.  Exposure  to  the  sun,  and  allowing 
his  beard  to  grow  a  prodigious  length,  gave  him 
the  appearance  of  a  foreigner.  He  had  picked 
up  enough  French  and  Italian,  with  a  little 
Dutch  and  German,  and  a  smattering  of  Spa- 
nish, to  enable  him  to  '  hail  for  any  part  of  the 
globe,'  and  from  the  designed  inarticulateness 
with  which  he  spoke  (sometimes  four  languages 
in  one  sentence)  added  to  his  sun-burnt  and 
grotesque  appearance,  it  was  difficult  to  pall 
him  upon  any  racket  (detect  him  in  any  pre- 
tence), so  that  the  most  incredulous, — though 
often  previously  imposed  upon — gave  credence 
to  his  story,  relief  to  his  supposed  necessities, 
and  sometimes  letters  of  introduction  to  their 
friends  and  neighbours. 

"  Some  time  after  his  return  to  England,  ana 
while  pursuing  the  course  of  a  '  high-flyer ' 
(genteel  beggar),  he  met  with  an  interruption  to 
his  pursuits  which  induced  him  to  alter  his 
plan  without  altering  his  behaviour.  The  news- 
papers of  the  district,  where  he  was  then  located, 
had  raised  before  the  eye  and  mind  of  the 
public,  what  the  '  patterers '  of  his  class  pro- 
verbially call  a  '  stink,' — that  is,  had  opened  the 
eyes  of  the  unwary  to  the  movements  of  '  Chel- 
sea George ;'  and  although  he  ceased  to  renew 
his  appeals  from  the  moment  he  heard  of  the 
notice  of  him,  his  appearance  was  so  accurately 
described  that  he  was  captured  and  committed 
to  Winchester  jail  as  a  rogue  and  vagabond. 
The  term  of  his  imprisonment  has  escaped  my 
recollection.  As  there  was  no  definite  charge 
against  him,  probably  he  was  treated  as  an 
ordinary  vagrant  and  suffered  a  calendar  month 
in  durance.  The  silent  system  was  not  then  in 
vogue,  consequently  there  existed  no  barrier  tr 
mutual  intercourse  between  prisoners,  with  all 
its  train  of  conscience-hardening  tendencies.  I 
do  not  say  this  to  intimate  unqualified  approval 
of  the  solitary  system,  I  merely  state  a  fact 
which  has  an  influence  on  my  subject. 

"  George  had  by  this  time  scraped  acquaint- 
ance with  two  fellow-prisoners — Jew  Jem  and 
Russia  Bob.  The  former  in  '  quod  '  for  '  pat- 
tering '  as  a  '  converted  Jew,'  the  latter  for 
obtaining  money  under  equally  false,  though 
less  theological,  pretences. 

"  Liberated  about  one  time,  this  trio  laid 
their  heads  together, — and  the  result  was  a  plan 
to  evangelize,  or  rather  victimize,  the  inhabit- 
ants of  the  collier  villages  in  Staffordshire  and 
the  adjoining  counties.  To  accomplish  this  pur- 
pose, some  novel  and  imposing  representation 
must  be  made,  both  to  lull  suspicion  and  give 
the  air  of  piety  to  the  plan,  and  disinterestednert 
to  the  agents  by  whom  it  was  carried  out. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


269 


**  George  and  his  two  fellow-labourers  were 
*  square- rigged' — that  is,  well  dressed.  Some- 
thing, however,  must  be  done  to  colour  up  the 
scene,  and  make  the  appeal  for  money  touching, 
unsuspected,  and  successful.  Just  before  the 
time  to  which  I  allude,  a  missionary  from  Sierra 
Leone  had  visited  the  larger  towns  of  the  dis- 
trict in  question,  while  the  inhabitants  of  the 
surrounding  hamlets  had  been  left  in  ignorance 
of  the  '  progress  of  missions  in  Africa  and  the 
East.'  George  and  his  comrades  thought  it 
would  be  no  great  harm  at  once  to  enlighten  and 
fleece  this  scattered  and  anxious  population. 
The  plan  was  laid  in  a  town  of  some  size  and 
facility.  They  'raised  the  wind'  to  an  extent 
adequate  to  some  alteration  of  their  appearances, 
and  got  bills  printed  to  set  forth  the  merits  of 
the  cause.  The  principal  actor  was  Jew  Jim,  a 
converted  Israelite,  with  'reverend'  before  his 
name,  and  half  the  letters  of  the  alphabet  behind 
it  He  had  been  in  all  the  islands  of  the  South 
Sea,  on  the  coast  of  Africa,  all  over  Hindostan, 
and  half  over  the  universe ;  and  after  assuring 
the  villagers  of  Torryburn  that  he  had  carried 
the  Gospel  to  various  dark  and  uninhabited  parts 
of  the  earth,  he  introduced  Russia  Bob  (an 
Irishman  who  had,  however,  been  in  Russia)  as 
his  worthy  and  self-denying  colleague,  and  Chel- 
sea George  as  the  first-fruits  of  their  ministry — 
as  one  who  had  left  houses  and  land,  wife  and 
children,  and  taken  a  long  and  hazardous  voyage 
to  show  Christians  in  England  that  their  sable 
brethren,  children  of  one  common  Parent,  were 
beginning  to  cast  their  idols  to  the  moles  and 
to  the  bats.  Earnest  was  the  gaze  and  breath- 
less the  expectation  with  which  the  poor  deluded 
co'liers  of  Torry-burn  listened  to  this  harangue ; 
and  as  argument  always  gains  by  illustration, 
the  orator  pulled  out  a  tremendous  black  doll, 
bought  for  a  '  flag'  (fourpence)  of  a  retired  rag- 
merchant,  and  dressed  up  in  Oriental  style. 
This,  Jew  Jim  assured  the  audience,  was  an  idol 
brought  from  Murat  in  Hindostan.  He  pre- 

it  to  Chelsea  George  for  his  worship  and 
embraces.  The  convert  indignantly  repelled 
the  insinuation,  pushed  the  idol  from  him,  spat 
in  its  face,  and  cut  as  many  capers  as  a  dancing- 
bear.  The  trio  at  this  stage  of  the  performances 
began  'puckering'  (talking  privately)  to  each 
other  in  murdered  French,  dashed  with  a  little 
Irish ;  after  which,  the  missionaries  said  that 
their  convert  (who  had  only  a  few  words  of 

h)  would  now  profess  his  faith.  All  was 
attention  as  Chelsea  George  came  forward.  lie 

:  his  beard,  put  his  hand  in  his  breast  to 

iown  his  dickey,  and  turning  his  eyes 
upwards,  said :  '  I  believe  in  Desus  Tist — dlory 
' 

"This  elicited  some  loud  '  amcns*   from  an 

1  age  of  nearly  1,000  persons,  and  catch- 
ing the  favourable  opportunity,  a  '  school  of 

appointed   for   the  purpose,  went  round 

•  <le  the  collection.    Out  of  the  abn 

ility  and  piety  the  populace  con- 
teen    pounds  !      The   whole  scene 
STM  enacted  out  of  doors,   and  presented  to  a 


stranger  very  pleasing  impressions.  I  was  pre- 
sent on  the  occasion,  but  was  not  then  awar* 
of  the  dodge.  One  verse  of  a  hymn,  and  the 
blessing  pronounced,  was  the  signal  for  separa* 
tion.  A  little  shaking  of  hands  concluded  the 
exhibition,  and  'every  man  went  into  his  own 
house.' 

"  The  missionary  party  and  their  '  pals '  took 
the  train  to  Manchester,  and  as  none  of  them 
were  teetotallers,  the  proceeds  of  their  impo- 
sition did  not  last  long.  They  were  just  putting 
on  their  considering  caps,  for  the  contrivance  of 
another  dodge,  when  a  gentleman  in  blue  clothes 
came  into  the  tap-room,  and  informed  Jew  Jem 
that  he  was  'wanted.'  It  appears  that  'Jem' 
had  come  out  of  prison  a  day  or  two  before  his 
comrades,  and  being  '  hard  up,'  had  ill-used  a 
lady,  taken  her  purse,  and  appropriated  its 
contents.  Inquiries,  at  first  useless,  had  now 
proved  successful — the  'missionary'  stood  his 
trial,  and  got  an  'appointment'  on  Norfolk 
Island.  Russia  Bob  took  the  cholera  and  died, 
and  '  George  the  convert'  was  once  more  left 
alone  to  try  his  hand  at  something  else." 

OF  THE  Low  LODGING-HOUSES  OF  LONDON. 
THE  patterers,  as  a  class,  usually  frequent  the 
low  lodging-houses.  I  shall  therefore  now  pro- 
ceed to  give  some  further  information  touching 
the  abodes  of  these  people — reminding  the  reader 
that  I  am  treating  of  patterers  in  general,  and 
not  of  any  particular  order,  as  the  "  paper 
workers." 

In  applying  the  epithet  "  low  "  to  these  places, 
I  do  but  adopt  the  word  commonly  applied, 
either  in  consequence  of  the  small  charge  for 
lodging,  or  from  the  character  of  their  fre- 
quenters. To  some  of  these  domiciles,  however, 
as  will  be  shown,  the  epithet,  in  an  opprobrious 
sense,  is  unsuited. 

An  intelligent  man,  familiar  for  some  years 
with  some  low  lodging-house  life,  specified  the 
quarters  where  those  abodes  are  to  be  found, 
and  divided  them  into  the  following  districts,  the 
correctness  of  which  I  caused  to  be  ascertained. 

Drury-lane  District.  Here  the  low  lodging- 
houses  are  to  be  found  principally  in  the  Coal- 
yard,  Charles-street,  King-street,  Parker-street, 
Short' s-gardens,  Great  and  Little  Wyld-streets, 
Wyld-court,  Lincoln-court,  Newton-street,  Star- 
court. 

(irny's  -  inn  Lane.  Fox  -  court,  Charlotte- 
buildings,  Spread  Eagle-court,  Portpool-lane, 
Bell-court,  Baldwin's-gardens,  Pheasant-court, 
Union-buildings,  Lay  stall -street,  Cromer- street, 
Fulwood's-rents  (High  Holborn). 

Cliann-ry-Iane.  Church- passage,  and  the 
Liberty  of  the  Rolls. 

Bloomsbury.  George -street,  Church -lane, 
(Juteii  -it -dials,  Puckeridge  -  street 

(eoiniiioniy  called  the  Holy  Land). 

Saffron-hill  and  ('l,rk,nn:,!l.  IVlrr-vtr.  «  L 
cross,  Turnniill-strcet,  Upper  and  Lower  \Vhite- 
croM-itr<-rt.  St.  Heleu's-place,  Playhouse-yard, 

Chequer-allt  y,   Field-lam-.  Great  Satlinn-hill. 
r.     Old  and  New  Pye-streets,  A  nn- 


270 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


street,  Orchard- street,  Perkins' s-rents,  Roches- 
ter-row. 

Lambeth.     Lambeth-walk,  New-cut 

Marylebone.     York-court,  East-street. 

St.  Pancras.     Brooke- street. 

Faddington.     Chapel-street,  Union-court 

Shoreditch.     Baker' s-rents,  Cooper's-gardens. 

Islington.     Angel-yard. 

Whitechapel,  Spitalfields,  Sfc.  George-yard, 
Thrawl- street,  Flower  and  Dean-street,  Went- 
worth  -  street,  Keate  -  street,  Rosemary  -  lane, 
Glasshouse-yard,  St.  George's- street,  Lambeth  - 
street,  Whitechapel,  High-street 

Borough.  Mint-street,  Old  Kent-street,  Long- 
lane,  Bermondsey. 

Stratford.     High-street 

Limehouse.     Hold  (commonly  called  Hole). 

Deptford.  Mill-lane,  Church- street,  Gifford- 
street. 

There  are  other  localities,  (as  in  Mile-end, 
Ratcliffe-  high  way,  Shadwell,  Wapping,  and 
Lisson- grove,)  where  low  lodging-houses  are  to 
be  found;  but  the  places  I  have  specified  may 
be  considered  the  districts  of  these  hotels  for 
the  poor.  The  worst  places,  both  as  regards 
filth  and  immorality,  are  in  St  Giles's  and 
Wentworth- street,  Whitechapel.  The  best  are  in 
Orchard- street,  Westminster  (the  thieves  having 
left  it  in  consequence  of  the  recent  alterations 
and  gone  to  New  Pye-street),  and  in  the  Mint, 
Borough.  In  the  last-mentioned  district,  in- 
deed, some  of  the  proprietors  of  the  lodging- 
houses  have  provided  considerable  libraries  for 
the  use  of  the  inmates.  In  the  White  Horse, 
Mint- street,  for  instance,  there  is  a  collection  of 
500  volumes,  on  all  subjects,  bought  recently, 
and  having  been  the  contents  of  a  circulating 
library,  advertised  for  sale  in  the  Weekly  Dis- 
patch. 

Of  lodging-houses  for  "  travellers  "  the 
largest  is  known  as  the  Farm  House,  in  the 
Mint :  it  stands  away  from  any  thoroughfare, 
and  lying  low  is  not  seen  until  the  visitor  stands 
in  the  yard.  Tradition  rumour  states  that  the 
house  was  at  one  time  Queen  Anne's,  and  was 
previously  Cardinal  Wolsey's.  It  was  proba- 
bly some  official  residence.  In  this  lodging- 
house  are  forty  rooms,  200  beds  (single  and 
double),  and  accommodation  for  200  persons. 
It  contains  three  kitchens, — of  which  the  largest, 
at  once  kitchen  and  sitting-room,  holds  400 
people,  for  whose  uses  in  cooking  there  are  two 
large  fire-places.  The  other  two  kitchens  are 
used  only  on  Sundays  ;  when  one  is  a  preach- 
ing-room, in  which  missionaries  from  Surrey 
Chapel  (the  Rev.  James  Sherman's),  or  some 
minister  or  gentleman  of  the  neighbourhood, 
officiates.  The  other  is  a  reading-room,  sup- 
plied with  a  few  newspapers  and  other  peri- 
odicals ;  and  thus,  I  was  told,  the  religious  and 
irreligious  need  not  clash.  For  the  supply  of 
these  papers  each  person  pays  Id.  every  Sun- 
day morning ;  and  as  the  sum  so  collected  is 
more  than  is  required  for  the  expenses  of  the 
reading-zoom,  the  surplus  is  devoted  to  *.he 
v»lp  of  the  members  in  sickness,  under  (he 


management  of  the  j  roprietor  of  the  lodging- 
house,  who  appears  to  possess  the  full  confi- 
dence of  his  inmates.  The  larger  kitchen  is 
detached  from  the  sleeping  apartments,  so  that 
the  lodgers  are  not  annoyed  with  the  odour  of 
the  cooking  of  fish  and  other  food  consumed  by 
the  poor ;  for  in  lodging-houses  every  sojourner 
is  his  own  cook.  The  meal  in  most  demand  is 
tea,  usually  with  a  herring,  or  a  piece  of  bacon. 

The  yard  attached  to  the  Farm  House,  in 
Mint-street,  covers  an  acre  and  a  half;  in  it 
is  a  washing  -  house,  built  recently,  the  yard 
itself  being  devoted  to  the  drying  of  the  clothes 
— washed  by  the  customers  of  the  establishment. 
At  the  entrance  to  this  yard  is  a  kind  of  porter's 
lodge,  in  which  reside  the  porter  and  his  wife 
who  act  as  the  "  deputies  "  of  the  lodging- 
house.  This  place  has  been  commended  in 
sanitary  reports,  for  its  cleanliness,  good  order, 
and  care  for  decency,  and  for  a  proper  division 
of  the  sexes.  On  Sundays  there  is  no  charge 
for  lodging  to  known  customers ;  but  this  is  a 
general  practice  among  the  low  lodging-houses 
of  London. 

In  contrast  to  this  house  I  could  cite  many 
instances,  but  I  need  do  no  more  in  this  place 
than  refer  to  the  statements,  which  I  shall  proceed 
to  give ;  some  of  these  were  collected  in  the  course 
of  a  former  inquiry,  and  are  here  given  !>' 
the  same  state  of  things  prevails  now.  I  was 
told  by  a  trustworthy  man  that  not  long  ago 
he  was  compelled  to  sleep  in  one  of  the 
(as  regards  cheapness)  of  the  lodging-houses. 
All  was  dilapidation,  filth,  and  noisomeness. 
In  the  morning  he  drew,  for  purposes  of  ablu- 
tion, a  basinfull  of  water  from  a  pailfull  kept 
in  the  room.  In  the  water  were  floating 
alive,  or  apparently  alive,  bugs  and  lice, 
which  my  informant  was  convinced  had  fallen 
from  the  ceiling,  shaken  off  by  the  tread 
of  some  one  walking  in  the  rickety  apartments 
above  ! 

"  Ah,  sir,"  said  another  man  with  whom  I 
conversed  on  the  subject,  "  if  you  had  lived  in 
the  lodging-houses,  you  would  say  what  a  vast 
difference  a  penny  made,  — it's  often  all  in  all. 
It's  4rf.  in  the  Mint  House  you've  been  asking 
me  about;  you've  sleep  and  comfort  there,  and 
I've  seen  people  kneel  down  and  say  their 
prayers  afore  they  went  to  bed.  Not  so  many, 
though.  Two  or  three  in  a  week  at  nights, 
perhaps.  And  it's  wholesome  and  sweet  enough 
there,  and  large  separate  beds ;  but  in  other 
places  there's  nothing  to  smell  or  feel  but  bugs. 
When  daylight  comes  in  the  summer— and  it's 
often  either  as  hot  as  hell  or  as  cold  as  icicles 
HI  those  places  ;  but  in  summer,  as  soon  as  iti 
light,  if  you  turn  down  the  coverlet,  you'll 
see  them  a-going  it  like  Cheapside  when  it's 
throngest"  The  poor  man  seemed  to  shudder 
at  the  recollection. 

One  informant  counted  for  me  180  of  these 
low  lodging-houses;  and  it  is  reasonable  to  say 
that  there  are,  in  London,  at  least  200  of  them. 
The  average  number  of  beds  in  each  was  com- 
puted for  me,  by  persons  cognizant  wf  suc'n 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


271 


matters,  from  long  and  often  woful  experience, 
at  52  single  or  21  double  beds,  where  the 
house  might  be  confined  to  single  men  or 
•ingle  women  lodgers,  or  to  married  or  pre- 
lendedly  married  couples,  or  to  both  classes. 
In  either  case,  we  may  calculate  the  number 
that  can  be,  and  generally  are,  accommodated  at 
50  per  house;  for  children  usually  sleep  with 
their  parents,  and  50  may  be  the  lowest  com- 
putation. We  have  thus  no  fewer  than  10,000 
persons  domiciled,  more  or  less  permanently, 
in  the  low  lodging-houses  of  London — a  number 
more  than  doubling  the  population  of  many  a 
parliamentary  borough. 

The  proprietors  of  these  lodging-houses  mostly 
have  been,  I  am  assured,  vagrants,  or,  to  use  the 
chiller  and  commoner  word,  "travellers"  them- 
selves, and  therefore  sojourners,  on  all  necessary 
occasions,  in  such  places.  In  four  cases  out  of 
five  I  believe  this  to  be  the  case.  The  proprie- 
tors have  raised  capital  sufficient  to  start  with, 
sometimes  by  gambling  at  races,  sometimes  by 
what  I  have  often,  and  very  vaguely,  heard 
described  as  a  "  run  of  luck;"  and  sometimes, 
I  am  assured,  by  the  proceeds  of  direct  robbery. 
A  few  of  the  proprietors  may  be  classed  as 
capitalists.  One  of  them,  who  has  a  country 
house  in  Hampstead,  has  six  lodging-houses  in 
or  about  Thrawl-street,  WhitechapeL  He  looks 
in  at  each  house  every  Saturday,  and  calls  his 
deputies — for  he  has  a  deputy  in  each  house 
— to  account ;  he  often  institutes  a  stringent 
check.  He  gives  a  poor  fellow  money  to  go 
and  lodge  in  one  of  his  houses,  and  report  the 
number  present  Sometimes  the  person  so  sent 
meets  with  the  laconic  repulse — "  Full ;"  and 
woe  to  the  deputy  if  his  return  do  not  evince 
this  fulness.  Perhaps  one  in  every  fifteen  of  the 
low  lodging-houses  in  town  is  also  a  beer-shop. 

•nly  so  in  the  country, 
start "  a  low  lodging-house  is  not  a  very 
costly  matter.  Furniture  which  will  not  be 
saleable  in  the  ordinary  course  of  auction,  or 
of  any  traffic,  is  bought  by  a  lodging-house 
"  starter."  A  man  possessed  of  some  money, 
who  took  an  interest  in  a  bricklayer,  purchased 
for  20/.,  w:.  i.all  Pox'  Hospital,  by 

King's- cross,  was  pulled  down,  a  sufficiency  of 
.re  for  four  lodging-houses,  in  which  he 
"started"  the  man  in  question.     None  others 
would  buy  this  furniture,  from  a  dread  of  in- 

;s  the  same  at  Marlborough-house,  Peck- 

nolera  bad  broken  out   there. 

irniture   was   sold    to    a    lodging-house 

keeper,  at  Qd.  each  article.     "  Big  and  little, 

I  was  told  ;  "  a  penny  pot  and  a  bedstead 

—all  the  same ;  each  9rf.     Nobody  elw 

To  about  three-fourths  of  the  low  lodging- 
i,  are  "dep-.:-  .e*e  are 

the  conductors  or  managers  of  the  establixh- 
•  n  or  worn' 

| 
J,  and  about  in  equal  propor 

paid  from  7*.  to  15*.  a  wevk  each, 


according  to  the  extent  of  their  supervision ;  theii 
lodging  always,  and  sometimes  their  board, 
being  at  the  cost  of  "  the  master."  According 
to  the  character  of  the  lodging-house,  the  depu- 
ties are  civil  and  decent,  or  roguish  and  insolent. 
Their  duty  is  not  only  that  of  general  superin- 
tendence, but  in  some  of  the  houses  of  a  noc- 
turnal inspection  of  the  sleeping-rooms ;  the 
deputy's  business  generally  keeping  him  up  all 
night.  At  the  better-conducted  houses  strangers 
are  not  admitted  after  twelve  at  night ;  in  others, 
there  is  no  limitation  as  to  hours. 

The  rent  of  the  low  lodging-houses  varies,  I  am 
informed,  from  8*.  to  20s.  a  week,  the  payment 
being  for  the  most  part  weekly ;  the  taxes  and 
rates  being  of  course  additional.  It  is  rarely 
that  the  landlord,  or  his  agent,  can  be  induced 
to  expend  any  money  in  repairs, — the  wear  and 
tear  of  the  floors,  &c.,  from  the  congregating 
together  of  so  many  human  beings  being  exces- 
sive :  this  expenditure  in  consequence  falls  upon 
the  tenant. 

Some  of  the  lodging-houses  present  no  ap- 
pearance differing  from  that  of  ordinary  houses ; 
except,  perhaps,  that  their  exterior  is  dirtier. 
Some  of  the  older  houses  have  long  flat  windows 
on  the  ground-floor,  in  which  there  is  rather 
more  paper,  or  other  substitutes,  than  glass. 
"  The  windows  there,  sir,"  remarked  one  man, 
"  are  not  to  let  the  light  in,  but  to  keep  the 
cold  out" 

In  the  abodes  in  question  there  seems  to  have 
become  tacitly  established  an  arrangement  as  to 
what  character  of  lodgers  shall  resort  thither ; 
the  thieves,  the  prostitutes,  and  the  better  class 
of  street-sellers  or  traders,  usually  resorting  to 
the  houses  where  they  will  meet  the  same  class 
of  persons.  The  patterers  reside  chiefly  in  West- 
minster and  Whitechapci. 

Some  of  the  lodging-houses  are  of  the  worst 
class  of  low  brothels,  and  some  may  even  be 
described  as  brothels  for  children. 

On  many  of  the  houses  is  a  rude  sign, 
"  Lodgings  for  Travellers,  3d.  a  night.  Boiling 
water  always  ready,"  or  the  same  intimation 
may  be  painted  on  a  window-shutter,  where  a 
shutter  is  in  existence.  A  few  of  the  better 
order  of  these  hou  pott  up  small  hills, 

inviting  the  attention  of  "  travellers,"  by  lauda- 
tions of  t'ie  cleanliness,  good  beds,  abundant 
water,  and  "gas  all  night,"  to  he  met  with. 
The  same  parties  also  give  address-cards  to 
ITS,  who  can  recommend  one  another. 

The  beds  are  of  Hock,  and  as  regards  the  mere 
•_'  of  the   rug,  sheet,  and  blanket,  which 
constitute  the   bed-1'urniturc.  arc  in  hciter  order 
than  tin  y  were  a  lew  years  back  ;   for  tlu 
tions  of  :.i   alarmed  even   the   i 

class  of  vagrants,  and  those  whose  av< , 

•••  vagrants.     In  perhaps  a  tenth  of  the 

low  lodging-house*  of  London,  a  family  may 

have  a  room  to  themselves  with  the  DM  '«>!"  the 

.  at  so  much  a  week— generally  '2s.  Qd. 

for  a  n  it  family,  and  3*.  6rf.  win  re 

Idren.     To  let  out  "  beds"  liy  the 

night  is  however  the  general  rule. 


272 


LONDON  L4BOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  illustration  presented  this  week  is  of  a 
place  in  Fox-court,  Gray's-inn-lane,  long  noto- 
rious as  a  "  chieves'  house,"  but  now  far  less  fre- 
quented. On  the  visit,  a  few  months  hack,  of  an 
informant  (who  declined  staying  there),  a  num- 
ber of  boys  were  lying  on  the  floor  gambling 
with  marbles  and  halfpennies,  and  indulging  in 
savage  or  unmeaning  blasphemy.  One  of  the 
lads  jumped  up,  and  murmuring  something  that 
it  wouldn't  do  to  be  idle  any  longer,  induced  a 
woman  to  let  him  have  t  halfpenny  for  "  a  stall ;" 
that  is,  as  a  pretext  with  which  to  enter  a  shop 
for  the  purpose  of  stealing,  the  display  of  the 
coin  forming  an  excuse  for  his  entrance.  On 
the  same  occasion  a  man  walked  into  "  the 
kitchen,"  and  coolly  pulled  from  underneath 
the  back  of  his  smock-frock  a  large  flat  piece 
ot  bacon,  for  which  he  wanted  a  customer.  It 
would  be  sold  at  a  fourth  of  its  value. 

I  am  assured  that  the  average  takings  of  lodg- 
ing-house keepers  may  be  estimated  at  17 s.  tid. 
a  night,  not  to  say  20*. ;  but  I  adopt  the  lower 
calculation.  This  gives  a  weekly  payment  by 
the  struggling  poor,  the  knavish,  and  the  out- 
cast, of  1,000  guineas  weekly,  or  52,000  guineas 
in  the  year.  Besides  the  rent  and  taxes,  the 
principal  expenditure  of  the  lodging-house  pro- 
prietors is  for  coals  and  gas.  In  some  of  the 
better  houses,  blacking,  brushes,  and  razors  are 
supplied,  without  charge,  to  the  lodgers:  also 
pen  and  ink,  soap,  and,  almost  always,  a  news- 
paper. For  the  meals  of  the  frequenters  salt  is 
supplied  gratuitously,  and  sometimes,  but  far 
less  frequently,  pepper  also;  never  vinegar  or 
mustard.  Sometimes  a  halfpenny  is  charged 
for  the  use  of  a  razor  and  the  necessary  shaving 
apparatus.  In  one  house  in  Kent-street,  the 
following  distich  adorns  the  mantel-piece : 

"To  save  a  journey  up  the  town, 
A  razor  lent  here  for  a  brown  : 
But  if  you  think  the  price  too  high, 
I  beg  you  won't  the  razor  try." 

In  some  places  a  charge  of  a  halfpenny  is  made 
for  hot  water,  but  that  is  very  rarely  the  case. 
Strong  drink  is  admitted  at  almost  any  hour  in 
the  majority  of  the  houses,  and  the  deputy  is 
generally  ready  to  bring  it ;  but  little  is  consumed 
in  the  houses,  those  addicted  to  the  use  or  abuse 
of  intoxicating  liquors  preferring  the  tap-room 
or  the  beer-shop. 

OF  THE  FILTH,  DISHONESTY,  AND  IMMO- 
RALITY OF  Low  LODGING-HOUSES. 
IN  my  former  and  my  present  inquiries,  I  received 
many  statements  on  this  subject.  Some  details, 
given  by  coarse  men  and  boys  in  the  grossest 
language,  are  too  gross  to  be  more  than  alluded 
to,  but  the  full  truth  must  be  manifested,  if  not 
detailed.  It  was  remarked  when  my  prior  ac- 
c«unt  appeared,  that  the  records  of  gross  profli- 
gacy on  the  part  of  some  of  the  most  licentious 
vf  the  rich  (such  as  the  late  Marquis  of  Hert- 
ford and  other  worthies  of  the  same  depraved 
habits)  were  equalled,  or  nearly  equalled,  by 
Ihe  arop'jnt  <)f  tJ»e  '>rgrip?  of  the  lowest  lodging- 


nouses.  Sin,  in  any  rank  of  life,  shows  the 
features. 

And  first,  as  to  the  want  of  cleanliness,  com- 
fort,  and  decency  :  "  Why,  sir,"  said  one  man, 
who  had  filled  a  commercial  situation  of  no 
little  importance,  but  had,  through  intemperance, 
been  reduced  to  utter  want,  "  I  myself  have 
slept  in  the  top  room  of  a  house  not  far  from 
Drury-lane,  and  you  could  study  the  stars,  if 
you  were  so  minded,  through  the  holes  left  by 
the  slates  having  been  blown  off  the  roof.  It 
was  a  fine  summer's  night,  and  the  openings  in 
the  roof  were  then  rather  an  advantage,  for  they 
admitted  air,  and  the  room  wasn't  so  foul  as  it 
might  have  been  without  them.  I  never  went 
there  again,  but  you  may  judge  what  thoughts 
went  through  a  man's  mind— a  man  who  had 
seen  prosperous  days — as  he  lay  in  a  place  like 
that,  without  being  able  to  sleep,  watching  th» 
sky." 

The  same  man  told  me  (and  I  received  abun- 
dant corroboration  of  his  statement,  besides  that 
incidental  mention  of  the  subject  occurs  else- 
where), that  he  had  scraped  together  a  handful 
of  bugs  from  the  bed-clothes,  and  crushed  them 
under  a  candlestick,  and  had  done  that  many  a 
time,  when  he  could  only  resort  to  the  lowest 
places.  He  had  slept  in  rooms  so  crammed 
with  sleepers — he  believed  there  were  30  where 
12  would  have  been  a  proper  number — that 
their  breaths  in  the  dead  of  night  and  in  the 
unventilated  chamber,  rose  (I  use  his  own 
words)  "  in  one  foul,  choking  steam  of  stench." 
This  was  the  case  most  trequently  a  day  or 
two  prior  to  Greenwich  Fair  or  Epsom  Races, 
when  the  congregation  of  the  wandering  classes, 
who  are  the  supporters  of  the  low  lodging- 
houses,  was  the  thickest.  It  was  not  only  that 
two  or  even  three  persons  jammed  themselves 
into  a  bed  not  too  large  for  one  full-si/ed 
man ;  but  between  the  beds — and  their  par- 
tition one  from  another  admitted  little  more 
than  the  passage  of  a  lodger — were  placed 
shakes-down,  or  temporary  accommodation  for 
nightly  slumber.  In  the  better  lodging-houses 
the  shake-downs  are  small  palliasses  or  mat- 
tresses ;  in  the  worst,  they  are  bundles  of  ragt 
of  any  kind ;  but  loose  straw  is  used  only  in  the 
country  for  shake-d'wns.  One  informant  saw 
a  traveller,  who  had  arrived  late,  eye  his  shake- 
down in  one  of  the  worst  houses  with  anything 
but  a  pleased  expression  of  countenance ;  and 
a  surly  deputy,  observing  this,  told  the  custo- 
mer he  had  his  choice,  "  which,"  the  deputy 
added,  "  it's  not  all  men  as  has,  or  I  shouldn't 
have  been  waiting  here  on  you.  But  you  has 
your  choice,  I  tell  you ; — sleep  there  on  that 

shake-down,  or  turn  out  and  be  d ;  that's 

fair."  At  some  of  the  busiest  periods,  numbert 
sleep  on  the  kitchen  floor,  all  huddled  together, 
men  and  women  (when  indecencies  are  comnon 
enough),  and  without  bedding  or  anything  but 
their  scanty  clothes  to  soften  the  hardii 
the  stone  or  brick  floor.  A  penny  is  saved  to 
the  lodger  by  this  means.  More  than  200  have 
been  accommodated  in  this  way  in  a  largf 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


273 


Tin:  i;v  WAKI: 

Prom  a  rkotograpH. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


275 


*»ouse.     The  Irish,  at  harvest-time,  very  often 
resort  to  this  mode  of  passing  the  night. 

I  heard  from  several  parties,  of  the  surprise, 
and  even  fear  or  horror,  with  which  a  decent 
mechanic — more  especially  if  he  were  accom- 
panied by  his  wife — regarded  one  of  these  foul 
dens,  when  destitution  had  driven  him  there  for 
the  first  time  in  his  life.  Sometimes  such  a 
man  was  seen  to  leave  the  place  abruptly, 
though  perhaps  he  had  pre-paid  his  last  half- 
tor  the  refreshment  of  a  night's  repose. 
:mes  he  was  seized  with  sickness.  I 
hcArd  also  from  some  educated  persons  who 
had  •'  seen  better  days,"  of  the  disgust  with 
Ives  and  with  the  world,  which  they  felt 
on  first  entering  such  places.  "  And  I  have 
some  reason  to  believe,"  said  one  man,  "  that 
a  person,  once  well  off,  who  has  sunk  into 
the  very  depths  of  poverty,  often  makes  his 
first  appearance  in  one  of  the  worst  of  those 
places.  Perhaps  it  is  because  he  keeps  away 
from  them  as  long  as  he  can,  and  then,  in  a  sort 
of  desperation  fit,  goes  into  the  cheapest  he 
meefc  with  ;  or  if  he  knows  it's  a  vile  place,  he 
very  likely  says  to  himself — I  did — '  I  may  as 
well  know  the  worst  at  once.'  " 

Another  man  who  had  moved  in  good  society, 

hen  asked  about  his  resorting  to  a  low 

lodging-house:    "When  a  man's  lost  caste  in 

,  he  may  as  well  go  the  whole  hog,  bristles 

and  all,  and  a  low  lodging-house  is  the  entire 

Notwithstanding  many  abominations,  I  am 
assured  that  the  lodgers,  in  even  the  worst  of 
these  habitations,  for  the  most  part  sleep  soundly. 
But  they  have,  in  all  probability,  been  out  in 
the  open  air  the  whole  of  the  day,  and  all  of 
them  may  go  to  their  couches,  after  having 
walked,  perhaps,  many  miles,  exceedingly  fa- 
tigued, and  some  of  them  half-drunk.  "  Why, 
in  course,  sir,"  said  a  "  traveller,"  whom  I  spoke 
to  on  this  subject,  "  if  you  is  in  a  country  town 
or  village,  where  there's  only  one  lodging-house, 
perhaps,  and  that  a  bad  one— an  old  hand  can 
suit  his-self  in  London — you  must  get 
half-drunk,  or  your  money  for  your  bed  is 
wasted.  There's  so  much  rest  owing  to  you, 
after  a  hard  day ;  and  bugs  and  bad  air'll  pre- 
s  being  paid,  if  you  don't  lay  in  some 
stock  of  beer,  or  liquor  of  son 

duty  you  owes  yourself;  but,  if  you 
haven't  the  browns,  why,  then,  in  course,  you 
can't  pay  it  I  'before  remarked,  and, 

Indeed,   have  give:  :  1    and 

:ies  original  manner  in  which  an  intclli- 
r.  for  example,  will  express  1> 
in  the  cm 

Ulis  in  -Jic  condition  of  low  1< 

booses,  afforded  a  most  ample  corroboration  of 
:  a  remark  I  ha\ 
ssary  to  make  before-  • 
vagrant  rlass  will  sacrifice  almost  any- 
thing  for  warmth,  not  to  say  heat     Otherwise, 

in   some  <>: 

meu'H  of  these  establishments  woui 
sbie. 


From  the  frequent  state  of  weariness  to  which 
I  have  alluded,  there  is  generally  less  conversa- 
tion among  the  frequenters  of  the  low  lodging- 
houses  than  might  be  expected.  Some  are  busy 
cooking,  some  (in  the  better  houses)  are  reading, 
many  are  drowsy  and  nodding,  and  many  are 
smoking.  In  perhaps  a  dozen  places  of  the 
worst  and  filthiest  class,  indeed,  smoking  is  per- 
mitted even  in  the  sleeping-rooms  ;  but  it  is  far 
less  common  than  it  was  even  half-a-dozen  years 
back,  and  becomes  still  less  common  yearly. 
Notwithstanding  so  dangerous  a  practice,  fires 
are  and  have  been  very  unfrequent  in  those 
places.  There  is  always  some  one  awake,  which 
is  one  reason.  The  lack  of  conversation,  I  ought 
to  add,  and  the  weariness  and  drowsiness,  are 
less  observable  in  the  lodging-houses  patronised 
by  thieves  and  women  of  abandoned  character, 
whose  lives  are  comparatively  idle,  and  whose 
labour  a  mere  nothing.  In  their  houses,  if  the 
conversation  be  at  all  general,  it  is  often  of  the 
most  unclean  character.  At  other  times  it  is 
carried  on  in  groups,  with  abundance  of  whis- 
pers, shrugs,  and  slang,  by  the  members  of  the 
respective  schools  of  thieves  or  lurkers. 

I  have  now  to  speak  of  the  habitual  violation 
of  all  the  injunctions  of  law,  of  all  the  obliga- 
tions of  morality,  and  of  all  the  restraints  of 
decency,  seen  continually  in  the  vilest  of  the 
lodging-houses.  I  need  but  cite  a  few  facts,  for 
to  detail  minutely  might  be  to  disgust.  In  some 
of  these  lodging-houses,  the  proprietor — or,  I 
am  told,  it  might  be  more  correct  to  say,  the 
proprietress,  as  there  are  more  women  than 
men  engaged  in  the  nefarious  traffic  carried  on 
in  these  houses — are  "fences,"  or  receivers  of 
stolen  goods  in  a  small  way.  Their  "  fencing," 
unless  as  the  very  exception,  does  not  extend  to 
any  plate,  or  jewellery,  or  articles  of  value,  but 
is  chiefly  confined  to  provisions,  and  most  of  all 
to  those  which  are  of  ready  sale  to  the  lodgers. 

Of  very  ready  sale  are  "  fish  got  from  the 
gate"  (stolen  from  Billingsgate);  "  sawney " 
(thieved  bacon),  and  "  flesh  found  in  Leaden- 
hall  "  (butcher' s-meat  stolen  from  that  market). 
I  was  told  by  one  of  the  most  nspectahle 
tradesmen  in  Lcadenhall-market,  that  it  M.IS 
infested — but  not  now  to  SO  great  an  extent  M 
with  lads  and  young  men,  known  there 
as  "  finders."  They  carry  lia^s  round  their 

..lid  pick  up  bones,  or  oilal,    or  pit. 
string,   or   bits    of  papers,    or    "  anything,    sir, 

that  a  ]>oor  lad.  that  his  neither  lather 
nor  mother,  and  is  werry  hungry,  can  make  a 
ha'penny  by  to  get  him  a  bit  of  hrea.l,  please, 
sir."  This"  is  often  but  a  cover  for  stealing 
pieces  of  meat,  and  the  tinders,  with  their  prox- 
im.itc  mark<  t  for  disposal  of  their  meat  in  the 
lowest  1'  •  i'oldly 

about  !'  :  tin- butchers,  it  the  "  tinder  " 

.  t,"    I    was   told 

youth  who  then  was  at  a  low  lodging-house  in 
Keate-xtrcet,    •'  go    bothering    theirselves    to    a 

•mil'  of  the  aeek  and  a 
kick  and  lets  you  go.     But  some  of  then. 


276 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOtr  POOR. 


wrerry  hard."  The  tone  and  manner  of  this  boy 
—  and  it  is  a  common  case  enough  with  the 
*'  prigs" — showed  that  he  regarded  hard  kick- 
ing merely  as  one  of  the  inconveniences  to 
which  his  business-pursuits  were  unavoidably 
subjected;  just  as  a  struggling  housekeeper 
might  complain  of  the  unwelcome  calls  of  the 
tax-gatherers.  These  depredations  are  more 
frequent  in  Leadenhall-market  than  in  any  of 
the  others,  on  account  of  its  vicinity  to  White- 
chapel.  Even  the  Whitechapel  meat-market  is 
less  the  scene  of  prey,  for  it  is  a  series  of  shops, 
while  Leadenhall  presents  many  stalls,  and  the 
finders  seem  loath  to  enter  shops  without  some 
plausible  pretext. 

Groceries,  tea  especially,  stolen  from  the 
docKs,  *varehouses,  or  shops,  are  things  in  ex- 
cellent demand  among  the  customers  of  a 
lodging-house  fence.  Tea,  known  or  believed 
to  have  been  stolen  "  genuine  "  from  any  dock, 
is  bought  and  sold  very  readily-,  Is.  6d.,  how- 
crct,  '«  a  not  unfrequent  price  for  what  is 
known  vt  5s.  tea.  Sugar,  spices,  and  other 
descriptions  of  stolen  grocery,  are  in  much 
smaller  request. 

Wearing-apparel  is  rarely  bought  by  the 
fences  I  am  treating  of;  but  the  stealers  of  it 
can  and  do  offer  their  wares  to  the  lodgers,  who 
will  often,  before  buying,  depreciate  the  gar- 
ment, and  say  "  It's  never  been  nothing  better 
nor  a  Moses." 

"  Hens  and  chickens"  are  a  favourite  theft, 
and  "  go  at  once  to  the  pot,"  but  in  no  culinary 
sense.  The  hens  and  chickens  of  the  roguish 
low  lodging-houses  are  the  publicans'  pewter 
measures ;  the  bigger  vessels  are  "hens;"  the 
smaller  are  "  chickens."  Facilities  are  pro- 
vided for  the  melting  of  these  stolen  vessels, 
and  the  metal  is  sold  by  the  thief — very  rarely  if 
ever,  by  the  lodging-house  keeper,  who  prefers 
dealing  with  the  known  customers  of  the 
establishment — to  marine- store  buyers. 

A  man  who  at  one  time  was  a  frequenter  ot 
a  thieves'  lodging-house,  related  to  me  a  con- 
versation which  he  chanced  to  overhear  —  he 
himself  being  then  in  what  his  class  would  con- 
sider a  much  superior  line  of  business — between 
a  sharp  lad,  apparently  of  twelve  or  thirteen 
years  of  age,  and  a  lodging-house  (female) 
fence.  But  it  occurred  some  three  or  four 
years  back.  The  lad  had  "found"  a  piece 
of  Christmas  beef,  which  lie  offered  for  sale  to 
his  landlady,  averring  that  it  weighed  6  Ibs. 
The  fence  said  and  swore  that  it  wouldn't 
weigh  3  Ibs.,  but  she  would  give  him  5d.  for  it. 
It  probably  weighed  above  4  Ibs.  "  Fip-pence  !" 
exclaimed  the  lad,  indignantly  ;  "  you  haven't 
ao  fairness.  Vy,  its  sixpun'  and  Christmas 
time.  Fip-pence !  A  tanner  and  a  flag  (a 
sixpence  and  a  four-penny  piece)  is  the  werry 
owest  terms."  There  was  then  a  rapid  and 
nterrupted  colloquy,  in  which  the  most  fre- 
quent words  were:  "Go  to  blazes  1"  with 
retorts  of  "You  go  to  blazes!"  and  after 
strong  and  oathful  imputations  of  dishonest 
**idea  /ours  on  the  part  of  eaoh  contracting: 


party,  to  over-reach  the  other,  the  meat  was  sold 
to  the  woman  for  6d. 

Some  of  the  "fences"  board,  lodge,  and 
clothe,  two  or  three  boys  or  girls,  and  send 
them  out  regularly  to  thieve,  the  fence  usually 
taking  all  the  proceeds,  and  if  it  be  the  young 
thief  has  been  successful,  he  is  rewarded  with 
a  triile  of  pocket-money,  and  is  allowed  plenty 
of  beer  and  tobacco. 

One  man,  who  keeps  three  low  lodging- 
houses  (one  of  which  is  a  beer-shop),  not  long 
ago  received  from  a  lodger  a  valuable  great- 
coat, which  the  man  said  he  had  taken  from  a 
gig.  The  fence  (who  was  in  a  larger  way  of 
business  than  others  of  his  class,  and  is  reputed 
rich,)  gave  10*.  for  the  garment,  asking  at  the 
same  time,  "  Who  was  minding  the  gig?  "  "  A 
charity  kid,"  was  the  answer.  "  Give  him  a 
deuce"  (2rf.),  "and  stall  him  off"  (send  him 
an  errand),  said  the  fence,  "  and  bring  the 
horse  and  gig,  and  I'll  buy  it."  It  was  done, 
and  the  property  was  traced  in  two  hours,  but 
only  as  regarded  the  gig,  which  had  already  had 
a  new  pair  of  wheels  attached  to  it,  and  was  so 
metamorphosed,  that  the  owner,  a  medical  gen- 
tleman, though  he  had  no  moral  doubt  on  the 
subject,  could  not  swear  to  his  own  vehicle. 
The  thief  received  only  4J.  for  gig  and  horse  ; 
the  horse  was  never  traced. 

The  licentiousness  of  the  frequenters,  and 
more  especially  of  the  juvenile  frequenters,  of 
the  low  lodging-houses,  must  be  even  more 
briefly  alluded  to.  In  some  of  these  establish- 
ments, men  and  women,  boys  and  girls, — but 
perhaps  in  no  case,  or  in  very  rare  cases,  un- 
luss  they  are  themselves  consenting  parties, 
herd  together  promiscuously.  The  informa- 
tion which  I  have  given  from  a  reverend  infor- 
mant indicates  the  nature  of  the  proceedings, 
when  the  sexes  are  herded  indiscriminately, 
and  it  is  impossible  to  present  to  the  reader, 
in  full  particularity,  the  records  of  the  vice 
practised. 

Boys  have  boastfully  carried  on  loud  conver- 
sations, and  from  distant  parts  of  the  room,  oi 
their  triumphs  over  the  virtue  of  girls,  and  girls 
have  laughed  at  and  encouraged  the  recital. 
Three,  four,  five,  six,  and  even  more  boys  and 
girls  have  been  packed,  head  and  feet,  into  one 
small  bed ;  some  of  them  perhaps  never  met 
before.  On  such  occasions  any  clothing  seems 
often  enough  to  be  regarded  as  merely  an  in- 
cumbrance.  Sometimes  there  are  loud  quarrels 
and  revilings  from  the  jealousy  of  boys  and  girls, 
and  more  especially  of  girls  whose  "chaps"  ha 
deserted  or  been  inveigled  from  them.  At  otb  ^rs, 
there  is  an  amicable  interchange  of  partners, 
and  next  day  a  resumption  of  their  former  com- 
panionship. One  girl,  then  fifteen  or  si 
who  had  been  leading  this  vicious  kind  of  life 
for  nearly  three  years,  and  had  been  repeatedly 
in  prison,  and  twice  in  hospitals — and  who  ex- 
pressed a  strong  desire  to  "  get  out  of  the  lift  * 
by  emigration — said:  "Whatever  that's  bad 
and  wicked,  that  any  one  can  fancy  c 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


277 


done  in  such  places  among  boys  and  girls  that's 
never  been  taught,  or  won't  be  taught,  better,  is 
done,  and  night  after  night."  Iiv  these  haunts 
of  low  iniquity,  or  rather  in  the  room  into  which 
the  children  are  put,  there  are  seldom  persons 
above  twenty.  The  younger  lodgers  in  such 
places  live  by  thieving:  and  po-ket-picking,  or 
by  prostitution.  The  charge  for  a  night's  lodg- 
ing is  generally  Id.,  but  smaller  children  have 
often  been  admitted  for  !</.  If  a  boy  or  girl 
resort  to  one  of  these  dens  at  night  without  the 
means  of  defraying  the  charge  for  accommoda- 
tion, the  "mot  of  the  ken"  (mistress  of  the 
house)  will  pack  them  oft;  telling  them  plainly 
that  it  will  be  no  use  their  returning  until  they 
have  stolen  something  worth  'Id.  If  a  bey  or 
girl  do  not  return  in  the  evening,  and  have  not 
been  heard  to  express  their  intention  of  going 
elsewhere,  the  first  conclusion  arrived  at  by 
their  mates  is  that  they  have  "got  into  trouble" 
(prison). 

The  indiscriminate  admixture  of  the  sexes 
among  adults,  in  many  of  these  places,  is  an- 
other evil.  Even  in  some  houses  considered  of 
the  better  sort,  men  and  women,  husbands  and 
old  and  young,  strangers  and  acquaint- 
ances, sleep  in  the  same  apartment,  and  if  they 
choose,  in  the  same  bed.  Any  remonstrance  at 
some  act  of  gross  depravity,  or  impropriety  on  the 
part  of  a  woman  not  so  utterly  hardened  as  the 
others,  is  met  with  abuse  and  derision.  One  man 
who  described  these  scenes  to  me,  and  had  long 
witnessed  them,  said  that  almost  the  only 
women  who  ever  hid  their  faces  or  manifested 
dislike  of  the  proceedings  they  could  not  but 
notice  (as  far  as  he  saw),  were  poor  Irishwomen, 
,ly  those  who  live  by  begging :  "  But  for 
all  that,"  the  man  added,  "  an  Irishman  or 
Irishwoman  of  that  sort  will  sleep  anywhere,  in 
any  mess,  to  save  a  halfpenny,  though  they  may 
have  often  a  few  shillings,  or  a  good  many, 
hidden  about  them." 

There  is  no  provision  for  purposes  of  decency 

in  some  of  the  places  I  have  been  describing, 

into  which  the  sexes  are  herded  indiscriminately; 

but  to  this  matter  I  can  only  allude.     A  police- 

:  nes  called  him  to  enter 

me  of  those  houses  at  night,  told  me  that  lie 
tered  it  without  feeling  sick. 
•  are  now  fewer  of  such  filth  \ 

pulled  down 
•  io    building  of  <  < 
iapel,    and  of  New  Oxford- 
and    some  i   freih    and 

of  the  worst 
••  be  at  least  thirty 
while  tlu-   low  lodgings  of  all  <l«  - 
'its,  good   or  bad,  are 

•  an  back. 

lodging-houfteH,  perhaps  half  a  dozen,  have  been 
n  of  a  great  influx 
vellers"  and  vagrants  at  t 
I 


OF  THE  CHILDREN  IN  Low  LODGING- 
HOUSES. 

THE  informant  whose  account  of  patterers  and 
of  vagrant  life  in  its  other  manifestations  I  have 
already  given,  has  written  from  personal  know- 
ledge and  observation  the  following  account  oi 
the  children  in  low  lodging-houses  : 

"  Of  the  mass  of  the  indigent  and  outcast," 
he  says,  "  of  whom  the  busy  world  know  no- 
thing, except  from  an  occasional  paragraph  in 
the  newspaper,  the  rising  generation,  though 
most  important,  is  perhaps  least  considered. 
Every  Londoner  must  have  seen  numbers  of 
ragged,  sickly,  and  ill-fed  children,  squatting 
at  the  entrances  of  miserable  courts,  streets, 
and  alleys,  engaged  in  no  occupation  that  is 
either  creditable  to  themselves  or  useful  to  the 
community.  These  are,  in  many  cases,  those 
whose  sok  homes  are  hi  the  low  lodging- 
houses  ;  and  I  will  now  exhibit  a  few  features 
of  the  '  juvenile  performers  '  among  the  '  Lon- 
don Poor.' 

"  In  many  cases  these  poor  children  have  lost 
one  of  their  parents  ;  in  some,  they  are  without 
either  father  or  mother  ;  but  even  when  both 
parents  are  alive,  the  case  is  little  mended,  for 
if  the  parents  be  of  the  vagrant  or  dishonest 
class,  their  children  are  often  neglected,  and 
left  to  provide  for  the  cost  of  their  food  and 
lodging  as  they  best  may.  The  following  ex- 
tract from  the  chaplain's  report  of  one  of  our 
provincial  jails,  gives  a  melancholy  insight  into 
the  training  of  many  of  the  families.  It  is  not, 
I  know,  without  exception  ;  but,  much  as  we 
could  wish  it  to  be  otherwise,  it  is  so  general 
an  occurrence,  varied  into  its  different  forms, 
that  it  may  be  safely  accounted  as  the  rule  of 
action. 

"  '  J.  G.  was  born  of  poor  parents.  At  five 
years  old  his  father  succeeded  to  a  legacy  of 
5001.  He  was  quiet,  indolent,  fond  of  drink,  a 
good  scholar,  and  had  twelve  children.  Ho 
never  sent  any  of  them  to  school  !  "  Telling 
lies,"  said  the  child,  •'  1  learned  from  my 
mother;  she  did  things  unknown  to  father, 
and  gave  me  a  penny  not  to  tell  him  !  "  The 
father  (on  leaving  home)  left,  by  request  of  the 
mother,  some  money  to  pay  a  man  ;  she  slipped 
upstairs,  and  told  the  children  to  say  slu  \sas 
out 

'  From  ten  to  t  I  |g|  1  u-ed  to  go 

to  the  ale-house.      1    stole   the   money  from   my 


father,  and  got  very  drunk.     My  father 

punished  me  for  all  this,  as  he  ought  to   have 

I        I  '.t'  time  1  was  apprenticed  to  a 

ordered   me    to    chapel,   instead   of 

which  I  tin-  fields.      \Vheii   out 

and  still  carried  on  the 

,1  children.     1  used 

to  take  my  little  hoy.  when  only  five  years  old,  to 
make    him    drunk    with 

whatev-  .     myself.       A    younger    one 

could  act  will  a  drunken  man  on  the  floor.  My 
wife  was  a  sober  steady  women  .  hut.  through 
comiiuj  to  fetch  n:  ,  lea  ned  to  drink 


27* 


LONDON  LABOUR  ArnJ  lIIE  LONDON  POOR. 


too.     One  of  our  children  used  to  say,  "  Mam, 
you  are  drunk,  like  daddy." ' 

"  It  may  be  argued  that  this  awful  '  family 
portrait'  is  not  the  average  character,  but  I  have 
witnessed  too  many  similar  scenes  to  doubt  the 
general  application  of  the  sad  rule. 

"  Of  those  children  of  the  poor,  as  has  been 
before  observed,  the  most  have  either  no  parents, 
or  have  been  deserted  by  them,  and  have  no 
regular  means  of  living,  nor  moral  superintend- 
ance  on  the  part  of  relatives  or  neighbours  ; 
consequently,  they  grow  up  in  habits  of  idle- 
ness, ignorance,  vagrancy,  or  crime.  In  some 
cases  they  are  countenanced  and  employed. 
Here  and  there  may  be  seen  a  little  urchin 
holding  a  few  onions  in  a  saucer,  or  a  diminutive 
sickly  girl  standing  with  a  few  laces  or  a  box  or 
two  of  lucifers.  But  even  these  go  with  the  per- 
sons who  have  '  set  them  up'  daily  to  the  public- 
house  (and  to  the  lodging-house  at  night) ;  and 
after  they  have  satisfied  the  cravings  of  hunger, 
frequently  expend  their  remaining  halfpence  (if 
any)  in  gingerbread,  and  as  frequently  in  gin.  I 
have  overheard  a  proposal  for  '  half-a-quartern 
and  a  two-out"  (glass)  between  a  couple  of  shoe- 
less boys  under  nine  years  old.  One  little  fellow 
of  eleven,  on  being  remonstrated  with,  said  that 
it  was  the  only  pleasure  in  life  that  he  had,  and 
he  weren't  a-going  to  give  that  up.  Both  sexes 
of  this  juvenile  class  frequent,  when  they  can 
raise  the  means,  the  very  cheap  and  'flash' 
places  of  amusement,  where  the  precocious  de- 
linquent acquires  the  most  abandoned  tastes,  and 
are  often  allured  by  elder  accomplices  to  commit 
petty  frauds  and  thefts. 

"  Efforts  have  been  made  to  redeem  these 
young  recruits  in  crime  from  their  sad  career, 
with  its  inevitable  results.  In  some  CM 
rejoice  to  believe  that  success  has  crowned  the 
endeavour.  There  is  that,  however,  in  the  cun- 
ning hardihood  of  the  majority  of  these  immature 
delinquents,  which  presents  almost  insuperable 
barriers  to  benevolence,  and  of  this  I  will  adduce 
an  instance. 

"  A  gentleman,  living  at  Islington,  who 
attends  one  of  the  city  churches,  is  in  the  habit 
of  crossing  the  piece  of  waste  ground  close  to 
Saffron-hill.  Here  he  often  saw  (close  to  the 
ragged  school)  a  herd  of  boys,  and  as  nearly  as 
he  could  judge  always  the  same  boys.  One  of 
them  always  bowed  to  him  as  he  passed.  He 
thought — and  thought  right— that  they  were 
gambling,  and  after,  on  one  occasion,  talking  to 
them  very  seriously,  he  gave  each  of  them  two- 
pence and  pursued  his  way.  However,  he 
found  himself  followed  by  the  boy  before 
alluded  to,  accompanied  by  a  younger  lad,  who 
turned  out  to  be  his  brother.  Both  in  one 
breath  begged  to  know  if  '  his  honour  '  could 
please  to  give  them  any  sort  of  a  job.  The 
gentleman  gave  them  his  card,  inquired  their 
place  of  residence  (a  low  lodging-house)  and 
the  next  morning,  at  nine  o'clock,  both  youths 
were  at  his  door.  He  gave  them  a  substantial 
breakfast,  and  then  took  them  into  an  out- 
house where  was  a  truss  of  straw,  and  having 


himself  taken  off  the  band,  he  desired  them  to 
Convey  the  whole,  one  straw  at  a  time,  across  the 
garden  and  deposit  it  in  another  out-house. 
The  work  was  easy  and  the  terms  liberal,  as 
each  boy  was  to  get  dinner  and  tea,  and  one 
shilling  per  day  as  long  as  his  services  should 
be  required.  Their  employer  had  to  go  to 
town,  and  left  orders  with  one  of  his  domestics 
to  see  that  the  youths  wanted  nothing,  and  to 
watch  their  proceedings ;  their  occupation  was 
certainly  not  laborious,  but  then  it  was  work, 
and  although  that  was  the  first  of  their  requests, 
it  was  also  the  last  of  their  wishes. 

"  Taking  advantage  of  an  adjoining  closet,  the 
servant  perceived  that  the  weight  even  of  a 
straw  had  been  too  much  for  these  hopeful  boys. 
They  were  both  seated  on  the  truss,  and  glib 
recounting  some  exploits  of  their  own,  and  how 
they  had  been  imposed  upon  by  others.  The 
eldest — about  fourteen — was  vowing  vengeance 
upon  '  Taylor  Tom '  for  attempting  to  '  walk 
the  barber'  (seduce  his  'gal');  while  the 
younger — who  had  scarcely  seen  eleven  sum- 
mers— averred  that  it  was  '  wery  good  of  the 
swell  to  give  them  summut  to  eat,'  but  '  pre- 
cious bad  to  be  shut  up  in  that  crib  all  day 
without  a  bit  o'  backer').  Before  the  return  of 
their  patron  they  had  transported  all  the  straw 
to  its  appointed  designation  ;  as  it  was  very 
discernible,  however,  that  this  had  been  effected 
by  a  wholesale  process,  the  boys  were  admo- 
nished, paid,  and  dismissed.  They  are  now 
performing  more  ponderous  work  in  on£  of  the 
penal  settlements.  Whether  the  test  adopted 
by  the  gentleman  in  question  was  the  best  that 
might  have  been  resorted  to,  I  need  not  now 
inquire. 

"It  would  be  grateful  to  my  feelings  if  in 
these  disclosures  I  could  omit  the  misdemeanors 
of  the  other  sex  of  juveniles  ;  but  I  am  obliged 
to  own,  on  the  evidence  of  personal  observation, 
that  there  are  girls  of  ages  varying  from  eleven 
to  fifteen  who  pass  the  day  with  a  '  fakement ' 
before  them  ('  Pity  a  poor  orphan '),  and  as  soon 
as  evening  sets  in,  loiter  at  shop-windows  and 
ogle  gentlemen  in  public  walks,  making  requests 
which  might  be  expected  only  from  long-hard- 
ened prostitution.  Their  nights  are  generally 
passed  in  a  low  lodging-house.  They  frequently 
introduce  themselves  with  '  Please,  sir,  can  you 
tell  me  what  tune  it  is  ? '  If  they  get  a  kindly 
answer,  some  other  casual  observations  prepare 
the  way  for  hints  which  are  as  unmistakeable 
as  they  are  unprincipled. 

OP  THE  Low  LODGING-HOUSES  THROUGH- 
OUT THE  COUNTRY. 

FURTHER  to  elucidate  this  subject,  full  of  im- 
portance, as  I  have  shown,  I  give  an  account  of 
low  lodging-houses  (or  "  padding- kens")  at 
the  "  stages"  (so  to  speak)  observed  by  a  pat- 
terer  "travelling"  from  London  to  Birming- 
ham. 

I  give  the  several  towns  which  are  the  usual 
sleeping  places  of  the  travellers,  with  the  charac- 
ter and  extent  of  the  accommodation  provided  fof 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


279 


them,  and  with  a  mention  of  such  incidental 
matters  as  seemed  to  me,  in  the  account  I  re- 
ceived, to  be  curious  or  characteristic.  Circuitous 
as  is  the  route,  it  is  the  one  generally  followed. 
Time  is  not  an  object  with  a  travelling  patterer. 
"  If  I  could  do  better  in  the  way  of  tin,"  said 
one  of  the  fraternity  to  me,  "  in  a  country  village 
than  in  London,  why  I'd  stick  to  the  village — 
if  the  better  tin  lasted— for  six  months ;  aye, 
sir,  for  six  years.  What's  places  to  a  man  like 
me,  between  grub  and  no  grub  ? "  It  is  pro- 
bable that  on  a  trial,  such  a  man  would  soon  be 
weary  of  the  monotony  of  a  village  life ;  but  into 
that  question  1  need  not  now  enter. 

I  give  each  stage  without  the  repetition  of 
stating  that  from  "here  to  there"  is  so  many 
miles ;  and  the  charge  for  a  lodging  is  at  such 
and  such  a  rate.  The  distance  most  frequently 
"  travelled"  in  a  day  varies  from  ten  to  twenty 
miles,  according  to  the  proximity  of  the  towns, 
and  the  character  and  capabilities  (for  the  pat- 
terer's  purposes)  of  the  locality.  The  average 
charge  for  a  lodging,  in  the  better  sort  of  coun- 
try lodging-houses,  is  4rf.  a  night, — at  others,  3d. 
In  a  slack  time,  a  traveller,  for  4rf.,  has  a  bed  to 
himself.  In  a  busy  time — as  at  fairs  or  races — 
he  will  account  himself  fortunate  if  he  obtain 
any  share  of  a  bed  for  \d.  At  some  of  the  places 
characterised  by  my  informant  as  "  rackety," 
"  queer,"  or  "  Life  in  London,"  the  charge  is  as 
often  3d.  as  4rf. 

The  first  stage,  then,  most  commonly  attained 
on  tramp,  is — 

Rontford.—"  It's  a  good  circuit,  sir,"  said  my 
principal  informant,  "and  if  you  want  to  see  life 
between  from  London  to  Birmingham,  why  you 
can  stretch  it  and  see  it  for  200  miles."  The 
Romford  "  house  of  call "  most  frequented  by 
the  class  of  whom  I  treat,  is  the  King's  Arms 
(a  public-house.)  There  is  a  back-kitchen  for 
the  use  of  travellers,  who  pay  something  extra 
if  they  choose  to  resort,  and  are  decent  enough 
to  be  admitted,  into  the  tap-room.  "  Very  re- 
spectable, sir,"  said  an  informant,  "  and  a  pro- 
per division  of  married  and  single,  of  men  and 
women.  Of  course  they  don't  ask  any  couple 
to  show  their  marriage  lines  ;  no  more  than  they 
do  any  lord  and  lady,  or  one  that  ain't  a  lady, 
if  she's  with  a  lord,  at  any  fash'nable  hotel  at 
Brighton.  I've  done  tidy  well  on  slums  about 
1  ladies  in  a  Brighton  hotel,'  just  by  the  Steyne ; 
werry  tidy."  In  this  house  they  make  up  forty 
beds ;  some  of  them  with  curtains. 

nxford.— The  Three  Queens  (a  beer-shop.) 
"  A  rackety  place,  sir,"  said  the  man,  "  one  of 
the  showfuls;  a  dicky  one;  a  free-and-easy, 
m  get  a  pint  of  beer  and  a  punch  of  the 
head,  all  for  2d.  As  for  sleeping  on  a  Saturday 
night  there,  '  O,  no,  we  never  mention  it.'  It 
mayn't  be  so  bad,  indeed  it  ain't,  as  some  Lon- 
don lodging-houses,  because  there  ain't  the 
chance,  and  there's  more  known  about  it" 

"itree.— The  Castle  (a  beer- shop.)  "Takes 
in  all  sorts  and  all  sices;  all  colours  and  all 
nations ;  similar  to  whal's  expected  of  the  Crys- 


tal Palace.  I  was  a  muck -snipe  when  I  was 
there — why,  a  muck- snipe,  sir,  is  a  man  regu- 
larly done  up,  coopered,  and  humped  altogether 
— and  it  was  a  busyish  time,  and  when  the 
deputy  paired  off  the  single  men,  I  didn't  much 
like  my  bed-mate.  He  was  a  shabby-genteel, 
buttoned  up  to  the  chin,  and  in  the  tract  line. 
I  thought  of  Old  Scratch  when  I  looked  at  him, 
though  he  weren't  a  Scotchman,  I  think.  I  tip- 
ped the  wink  to  an  acquaintance  there,  and  told 
him  I  thought  my  old  complaint  was  coming  on. 
That  was,  to  kick  and  bite  like  a  horse,  in  my 
sleep,  a' cause  my  mother  was  terrified  by  a 
wicious  horse  not  werry  long  afore  I  was  born. 
So  I  dozed  on  the  bed-side,  and  began  to  whinny ; 
and  my  bed-mate  jumped  up  frightened,  and 
slept  on  the  floor."  Twenty-two  beds. 

Thaxton. — "A  poor  place,  but  I  stay  two 
days,  it's  so  comfortable  and  so  country,  at  the 
Rose  and  Crown.  It's  a  sort  of  rest.  It's 
decent  and  comfortable  too,  and  it's  about  6d.  a 
night  to  me  for  singing  and  patter  in  the  tap- 
room. That's  my  cokum  (advantage)."  Ten 
beds. 

Saffron  Walden.— The  Castle.  "  Better  now 
— was  very  queer.  Slovenly  as  could  be,  and 
you  had  to  pay  for  fire,  though  it  was  a  house  of 
call  for  curriers  and  other  tradesmen,  but  they 
never  mix  with  us.  The  landlord  don't  care 
much  whose  admitted,  or  how  they  go  on." 
Twenty- four  beds. 

Cambridge. — "  The  grand  town  of  all.  Lon- 
don in  miniature.  It  would  be  better  but  for 
the  police.  I  don't  mean  the  college  bull- dogs. 
They  don't  interfere  with  us,  only  with  women. 
The  last  time  I  was  at  Cambridge,  sir,  I  hung 
the  Mannings.  It  was  the  day,  or  two  days, 
I'm  not  sure  which,  after  their  trial.  We 
pattered  at  night,  too  late  for  the  collegians  to 
come  out  We  '  worked'  about  where  we  kne^r 
they  lodged — I  had  a  mate  with  me — and  some 
of  the  windows  of  their  rooms,  in  the  colleges 
themselves,  looks  into  the  street.  We  pattered 
about  later  news  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Manning;. 
Up  went  the  windows,  and  cords  was  let  down 
to  tie  the  papers  to.  But  we  always  had  the 
money  first  We  weren't  a-going  to  trust  such 
out-and-out  going  young  coves  as  them.  One 
young  gent  said:  'I'm  a  sucking  parson; 
won't  you  trust  me?'  '  No,'  says  I,  'we'll  not 
trust  Father  Peter.'  So  he  threw  down  6d.  and 
let  down  his  cord,  and  he  says,  '  Send  six  up.' 
We  saw  it  was  Victoria's  head  all  right,  so  we 
sends  up  three.  '  Where's  the  others  ?'  says  he. 
'  O,'  says  I,  '  they're  Id.  a  piece,  and  Id.  a  piece 
extra  for  hanging  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Manning,  as 
we  have,  to  a  cord;  so  it's  all  right'  Some 
laughed,  and  some  said,  '  D — n  you,  wait  till  I 
•  *  in  the  town.'  lint  they  hadn't  that 
pleasure.  Yorkshire  Betty's  is  the  head  quar- 
ters at  Cambridge, — or  in  Barnwcll,  of  course, 
there's  no  such  places  in  Cambridge.  It's 
known  as  '  W—  and  Muck  Fort.'  It's  the 
real  college  touch — the  seat  of  learning,  if  ycu'ro 
seeing  life.  The  college  lads  used  to  look  in 
there  ofteutr  than  they  do  now.  They  re  gel  > 


280 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ting  shyer.  Men  won't  put  up  with  black  eyes 
for  nothing.  Old  Yorkshire  Betty 's  a  motherly 
body,  but  she's  no  ways  particular  in  her 
management.  Higgledy-piggledy ;  men  and 
women  ;  altogether."  Thirty  beds. 

Newmarket. — "  The  Woolpack.  A  lively 
place;  middling  other  ways.  There's  gene- 
rally money  to  be  had  at  Newmarket.  I  don't 
stay  there  so  long  as  some,  for  I  don't  care 
about  racing;  and  the  poorest  snob  there  's  a 
sporting  character."  Six  beds. 

Bury  St.  Edmund's.—"  Old  Jack  Something's. 
He  was  a  publican  for  forty  years.  But  he 
broke,  and  I've  heard  him  say  that  if  he  hadn't 
been  a  player  on  the  fiddle,  he  should  have 
destroyed  his-self.  But  his  fiddle  diverted  him 
in  his  troubles.  He  has  a  real  Cremona,  and 
can't  he  play  it?  He's  played  at  dances  at  the 
Duke  of  Norfolk's.  I've  heard  him  give  the 
tune  he  played  on  his  wedding  night,  years  and 
years  back,  before  I  was  born.  He's  a  noble- 
looking  fellow  ;  the  fac-simile  of  Louis  Philippe. 
It's  a  clean  and  comfortable,  hard  and  honest 
place."  Twelve  beds. 

Mildenhall. — "  A  private  house  ;  I  forget  the 
landlord's  name.  The  magistrates  is  queer 
there,  and  so  very  little  work  can  be  done  in 
my  way.  I've  been  there  when  I  was  the  only 
lodger."  Seven  beds. 

Ely. — "  The  Tom  and  Jerry.  Very  queer. 
No  back  kitchen  or  convenience.  A  regular 
rough  place,  Often  quarrelling  there  all  night 
long.  Any  caper  allowed  among  men  and 
women.  The  landlord's  easy  Brightened." 
Five  beds. 

St.  Ivet.—"  Plume  of  Feathers.  Passable." 
Eleven  beds. 

St.  Neot's.—"  Bell  and  Dicky,  and  very  dicky 
too.  Queer  doings  in  the  dos  (sleeping)  and 
everything.  It's  an  out-of-the-way  place,  or  the 
town's  people  might  see  to  it,  but  they  won't 
take  any  notice  unless  some  traveller  complains, 
and  they  won't  complain.  They're  a  body  of 
men,  sir,  that  don't  like  to  run  gaping  to  a 
beak.  The  landlord  seems  to  care  for  nothing 
but  money.  He  takes  in  all  that  offer.  Three 
in  a  bed  often ;  men,  women,  and  children 
mixed  together.  It's  anything  but  a  tidy 
place."  Thirteen  beds. 

Bedford.— The  Cock.  "  Life  in  London,  sir  ; 
I  can't  describe  it  better.  Life  in  Keate- street, 
Whitechapel."  Fifteen  beds. 

Irchester. — "  I  don't  mind  the  name.  A  most 
particular  place.  You  must  go  to  bed  by  nine, 
or  be  locked  out.  It's  hard  and  honest ;  clean 
and  rough."  Six  beds. 

Wellingborough. — "  A  private  house.  Smith  or 
/ones,  I  know,  or  some  common  name.  Ducker, 
the  soldier  that  was  shot  in  the  Park  by  Annette 
Meyers,  lived  there.  I  worked  him  there  my- 
self, and  everybody  bought  I  did  the  gun- 
trick,  sir,  (had  great  success.)  It's  an  inferior 
lodging  place.  They're  in  no  ways  particular, 
not  they,  who  they  admit  or  how  they  dos.  At 
*  fair-time,  the  goings  on  is  anything  but  fair." 
Ten  beds. 


Northampton. — "  Mrs.  Bull's.  Comfortable  and 
decent.  She  takes  in  the  Dispatch,  to  oblige 
her  travellers.  It's  a  nice,  quiet,  Sunday  house." 
Twelve  beds. 

Market  Harborough. — "  There's  a  good  lady 
there  gives  away  tracts  and  half-a-crown.  A 
private  house  is  the  traveller's  houac,  and  some 
new  name.  Middling  accommodation."  Nine 
beds. 

Lutterworth. — "A  private  house,  and  I'll  ga 
there  no  more.  Very  queer.  Not  the  least  com- 
fort  or  decency.  They're  above  their  business, 
I  think,  and  take  in  too  many,  and  care  nothing 
what  the  travellers  do.  Higgledy-piggledy  toge- 
gether."  Ten  beds. 

Leicester. — "  The  Rookery.  Rosemary-lane 
over  again,  sir,  especially  at  Black  Jack's.  He 
shakes  up  the  beds  with  a  pitchfork,  and  bringi 
in  straw  if  there's  more  than  can  possibly  be 
crammed  into  the  beds.  He's  a  fighting  man, 
and  if  you  say  a  word,  he  wants  to  fight  you." 
Twelve  beds. 

Hhickley.—"  The  Tea-board.  Comfortable." 
Eight  beds. 

Nuneaton. — "  The  same  style  as  Hinckley.  A 
private  house."  Eight  beds. 

Coventry. — "  Deserves  to  be  sent  further.  Bill 
Cooper's.  A  dilapidated  place,  and  no  sleep, 
for  there's  armies  of  bugs, — great  black  fellows. 
I  call  it  the  Sikh  war  there,  and  they're  called 
Sikhs  there,  or  Sicks  there,  is  the  vermin  ;  but 
I'm  sick  of  all  such  places.  They're  not  parti- 
cular there, — certainly  not"  Twenty  beds. 

Birmingham. — "  Mrs.  Leach's.  Comfortable 
and  decent,  and  a  good  creature.  I  know  there's 
plenty  of  houses  in  Birmingham  bad  enough, — 
London  reduced,  sir;  but  I  can't  tell  you  about 
them  from  my  own  observation,  'cause  I  always 
go  to  Mrs.  Leach's."  Thirty  beds. 

Here,  then,  in  the  route  most  frequented  by 
the  pedestrian  "  travellers,"  we  find,  taking 
merely  the  accommodation  of  one  house  in 
each  place  (and  in  some  of  the  smaller  towns 
there  is  but  one),  a  supply  of  beds  which  may 
nightly  accommodate,  on  an  average,  489  in- 
mates, reckoning  at  the  rate  of  12  sleepers  to 
every  8  beds.  At  busy  times,  double  the 
number  will  be  admitted.  And  to  these  places 
resort  the  beggar,  the  robber,  and  the  pick- 
pocket ;  the  street  -  patterer  and  the  street- 
trader;  the  musician,  the  ballad-singer,  and 
the  street- performer  ;  the  diseased,  the  blind, 
the  lame,  and  the  half-idiot ;  the  outcast  girl 
and  the  hardened  prostitute ;  young  and  old, 
and  of  all  complexions  and  all  countries. 

Nor  does  the  enumeration  end  here.  To  these 
places  must  nl'u-n  resort  the  wearied  mechanic, 
travelling  in  search  of  employment,  and  even 
the  broken-dow/i  gentleman,  or  scholar,  whose 
means  do  not  exceed  4rf. 

A  curious  history  might  be  written  of  the  fre- 
quenters of  low  lodging-houses.  Dr.  Johnson 
relates,  that  when  Dean  Swift  was  a  young  man, 
he  paid  a  yearly  visit  from  Sir  William  Temple'i 
seat,  Moor  Park,  to  his  mother  at  Leicester. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


*  He  travelled  on  foot,  unless  some  violence  of 
weather  drove  him  into  a  waggon ;  and  at  night 
he  would  go  to  a  penny  lodging,  where  he  pur- 
chased clean  sheets  for  sixpence.  This  practice 
Lord  Orrery  imputes  to  his  (Swift's)  innate  love 
of  grossness  and  vulgarity  ;  some  may  ascribe  it 
to  his  desire  of  surveying  human  life  through 
all  its  varieties."  Perhaps  it  might  not  be  very 
difficult  to  trace,  in  Swift's  works,  the  influence 
upon  his  mind  of  his  lodging-house  experience. 

The  same  author  shows  that  his  friend, 
Richard  Savage,  in  the  bitterness  of  his  poverty, 
was  also  a  lodger  in  these  squalid  dens :  "  He 
passed  the  night  sometimes  in  mean  houses, 
which  are  set  open  at  night  to  any  casual  wan- 
derer ;  sometimes  in  cellars,  among  the  rict  and 
filth  of  the  meanest  and  most  profligate  of  the 
rabble."  A  Richard  Savage  of  to-day  might, 
under  similar  circumstances,  have  the  same 
thing  said  of  him,  except  that  "cellars"  might 
now  be  described  as  "ground-floors." 

The  great,  and  sometimes  the  only,  luxury  of 
the  frequenters  of  these  country  lodging-houses 
is  tobacco.  A  man  or  women  who  cannot 
smoke,  I  was  told,  or  was  not  "hardened"  to 
tobacco  smoke,  in  a  low  lodging-house  was  half- 
killed  with  coughing.  Sometimes  a  couple  of 
men,  may  be  seen  through  the  thick  vapour  of 
the  tobacco- smoke,  peering  eagerly  over  soiled 
cards,  as  they  play  at  all-fours.  Sometimes  there 
is  an  utter  dulness  and  drowsiness  in  the  common 
•itting-room,  and  hardly  a  word  exchanged  for 
many  minutes.  I  was  told  by  one  man  of  ex- 
perience in  these  domiciles,  that  he  had  not  very 
unfrequently  heard  two  men  who  were  convers- 
ing together  in  a  low  tone,  and  probably  agree- 
ing upon  some  nefarious  course,  stop  suddenly, 
when  there  was  a  pause  in  the  general  conver- 
sation, and  look  uneasily  about  them,  as  if 
apprehensive  and  jealous  that  they  had  been 
1  to.  A  "stranger"  in  the  lodging-house 
is  regarded  with  a  minute  and  often  a  rude 
scrutiny,  and  often  enough  would  not  be  ad- 
mitted, were  not  the  lodging-house  keeper  the 
party  concerned,  and  he  of  course  admits  "  all 
what  pays." 

patterer  told  me  of  two  "inscriptions," 
as   he   called  them,  which   he  had  noticed  in 
country   lodgings   he   had   lately   visited ;    the 
is : — 

:,ks  like  a  philosopher, 
'  —  Jiiilinr's  Night 

^econd  was  an  intimation  from   tin-  pro- 
of the  house,  which,  n  halting 

explanation,  is  easily  understood : — 

sickness  allowed,  unles  by  order  of  the 

Mare." 

Or  •:  i 111. 

''ARD-8KI.LER8. 

I  bare  before  mentioned  that  the  street-station- 

tr»  —  the   sellers   of  writing-paper 

pens,  and  of  the  other  articles  whi< 

Ibe  stationery   in   the    most  general  demand — 

»e:e   not*  to  be  confounded  with  the  pat 


"  paper- workers."  They  are,  indeed,  a  dif- 
ferent class  altogether.  The  majority  of  them 
have  been  mechanics,  or  in  the  employ  of 
tradesmen  whose  callings  were  not  mechanical 
(as  regards  handicraft  labour),  but  what  is  best 
described  perhaps  as  commercial ;  or  as  sealing 
but  not  producing  ;  as  in  the  instances  of  the 
large  body  of  "  warehousemen "  in  the  dif- 
ferent departments  ot  trade.  One  street-sta- 
tioner thought  that  of  his  entire  body,  not  more 
than  six  had  been  gentlemen's  servants.  He 
himself  knew  four  who  had  been  in  such  em- 
ployment, and  one  only  as  a  boy — but  there 
might  be  six. 

The  card-sellers  are,  in  the  instances  I  shall 
show,  more  akin  to  the  class  of  patterers,  and 
I  shall,  therefore,  give  them  first  The  more 
especially  as  I  can  so  preserve  the  consecutive- 
ness  of  the  accounts,  in  the  present  number,  by 
presenting  the  reader  with  a  sketch  of  the  life 
of  an  informant,  in  whose  revelations  I  find  that 
many  have  taken  a  strong  interest 

OF  THE  SELLER  OF  THE  PENNY  SHORT-HAND 

CARDS. 

ALL  ladies  and  gentlemen  who  "  take  their 
walks  abroad,"  must  have  seen,  and  of  course 
heard,  a  little  man  in  humble  attire  engaged  in 
selling  at  one  penny  each  a  small  card,  contain- 
ing a  few  sentences  of  letter-press,  and  fifteen 
stenographic  characters,  with  an  example,  by 
which,  it  is  asserted,  anybody  and  everybody 
may  "  learn  to  write  short-hand  in  a  few  hours." 
With  the  merits  of  the  production,  self- con- 
sidered, this  is  not  the  place  to  meddle ;  suffice 
it  that  it  is  one  of  the  many  ways  of  getting  a 
crust  common  to  the  great  metropolis,  and  per- 
haps the  most  innocent  of  all  the  street  perform- 
ances. A  kind  of  a  street  lecture  is  given  by 
the  vendor,  in  which  the  article  is  sufficiently 
puffed  off.  Of  course  this  lecture  is,  so  to  speak, 
stereotyped,  embracing  the  same  ideas  in  nearly 
the  same  words  over  and  over  and  over  again 
The  exhibitor,  however,  pleads  that  the  constant 
exchange  and  interchange  of  passengers,  and 
his  desire  to  give  each  and  all  a  fair  amount  of 
information,  makes  the  repetition  admissible, 
and  even  necessary.  It  is  here  given  as  a  speci- 
iiR-n  of  the  style  of  the  educated  "patterer." 

The  Lecture. 

"  II.  re  is  an  opportunity  which  has  seldom  if 

n  oilrrrd  to  tin-  public  before,  whereby 

any  person  of  common  intellect  may  learn  to  write 

short-hand  in  a  few  hours,  without  any  aid  from 

I'lie  system  is  entirely  my  own.      It 

contains  no  vowels,  no  arbitrary  characters,  no 

double  consonants,  and  no  terminations;  it  may 

[«    properly    be   called   'stenography,'   ait 

on  which    conveys   its   own   meaning;   it 

.1   from  two  (.ink  uords;   stetios,  short, 

and  prut  •<;;>//;',  the  verb  t< 

.uid    unbraces   all    that    is   necessary  in   fifteen 

is.      I  know  that  a  prejudice  obt. 

•   ,t  againrt  anything  and  everything 
said  or  done  in  the  street,  but  I  have  nothing  to 


282 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


no  with  either  the  majority  or  minority  of 
street  pretenders.  I  am  an  educated  man,  and 
not  a  mere  pretender,  and  if  the  justice  or 
genuineness  of  a  man's  pretensions  would 
always  lead  him  to  success  I  had  not  been  here 
to-day.  But  against  the  tide  of  human  dis- 
appointment, the  worthy  and  the  undeserving 
are  so  equally  compelled  to  struggle,  and  so 
equally  liable  to  be  overturned  by  competition, 
that  till  you  can  prove  that  wealth  is  the  guage 
of  character,  it  may  be  difficult  to  determine 
the  ability  or  morality  of  a  man  from  his  posi- 
tion. I  was  lately  reading  an  account  of  the 
closing  life  of  that  leviathan  in  literature,  Dr. 
Johnson,  and  an  anecdote  occurred,  which  I 
relate,  conceiving  that  it  applies  to  one  of  the 
points  at  issue — I  mean  the  ridicule  with  which 
my  little  publication  has  sometimes  been 
treated  by  passers-by,  who  have  found  it  easier 
to  speculate  on  the  texture  of  my  coat,  than  on 
the  character  of  my  language.  The  Doctor 
had  a  niece  who  had  embraced  the  peculiarities 
of  Quakerism ;  after  he  had  scolded  her  some 
time,  and  in  rather  unmeasured  terms,  her 
mother  interfered  and  said, '  Doctor,  don't  scold 
the  girl — you'll  meet  her  in  heaven,  I  hope.' — 
'  I  hope  not,'  said  the  Doctor,  '  for  I  hate  to 
meet  fools  anywhere.'  I  apply  the  same  obser- 
vation to  persons  who  bandy  about  the  expres- 
sions '  gift  of  the  gab,'  '  catch-penny,'  &c.,  &c., 
which  in  my  case  it  is  somewhat  easier  to  cir- 
culate than  to  support  At  any  rate  they  ought 
to  be  addressed  to  me  and  not  to  the  atmosphere. 
The  man  who  meets  a  foe  to  the  face,  gives  him 
an  equal  chance  of  defence,  and  the  sword 
openly  suspended  from  the  belt  is  a  less  dan- 
gerous, because  a  less  cowardly  weapon  than 
the  one  which,  like  that  of  Harmodius,  is  con- 
cealed under  the  wreaths  of  a  myrtle. 

"  If  you  imagine  that  professional  disappoint- 
ment is  confined  to  people  out  of  doors,  you  are 
very  much  mistaken.  Look  into  some  of  the 
middle- class  streets  around  where  we  are 
standing :  you  will  find  here  and  there, 
painted  or  engraved  on  a  door,  the  words 
*  Mr.  So-and-so,  surgeon.'  The  man  I  am 
pre-supposing  shall  be  qualified,  —  qualified 
in  the  technical  sense  of  the  expression,  a 
Member  of  the  College  of  Surgeons,  a  Licen- 
tiate of  Apothecaries'  Hall,  and  a  Graduate  of 
some  University.  He  may  possess  the  talent  of 
Galen  or  Hippocrates ;  or,  to  come  to  more 
recent  date,  of  Sir  Astley  Cooper  himself,  but 
•**  never  becomes  popular,  and  dies  unrewarded 
because  unknown :  before  he  dies,  he  may  crawl 
out  of  his  concealed  starvation  into  such  a 
thoroughfare  as  this,  and  see  Professor  Mor- 
rison, or  Professor  Holloway,  or  the  Proprietor 
of  Parr's  Life  Pills,  or  some  other  quack,  ride 
by  in  their  carriage ;  wealth  being  brought 
them  by  the  same  waves  that  have  wafted  mis- 
fortune to  himself;  though  that  wealth  has 
been  procured  by  one  undeviating  system  of 
Hypocrisy  and  Humbug,  of  Jesuitism  and 
Pantomime,  such  as  affords  no  parallel  since 
the  disgusting  period  of  Oliverian  ascendancy. 


Believe  me,  my  friends,  a  man  may  form  his 
plans  for  success  with  profound  sagacity,  and 
guard  with  caution  against  every  approach  to 
extravagance,  but  neither  the  boldness  of  enter- 
prise nor  the  dexterity  of  stratagem  will  always 
secure  the  distinction  they  deserve.  Else  that 
policeman  would  have  been  an  inspector ! 

"  I  have  sometimes  been  told,  that  if  I  pos- 
sessed the  facilities  I  professedly  exhibit,  1 
might  turn  them  to  greater  personal  advan- 
tage :  in  coarse,  unfettered,  Saxon  English, 
1  That's  a  LIE  ;'  for  on  the  authority  of  a 
distinguished  writer,  there  are  2,000  educated 
men  in  London  and  its  suburbs,  who  rise  every 
morning  totally  ignorant  where  to  find  a  break- 
fast. Now  I  am  not  quite  so  bad  as  that,  so 
that  it  appears  I  am  an  exception  to  the  rule, 
and  not  the  rule  open  to  exception.  However, 
it  is  beyond  all  controversy,  that  the  best  way 
to  keep  the  fleas  from  biting  you  in  bed  is  to 
'  get  out  of  bed  ;'  and  by  a  parity  of  reasoning, 
the  best  way  for  you  to  sympatlu'ze  with  me  for 
being  on  the  street  is  to  take  me  off,  as  an 
evidence  of  your  sympathy.  I  remember  that, 
some  twenty  years  ago,  a  poor  man  of  foreign 
name,  but  a  native  of  this  metropolis,  made  his 
appearance  in  Edinburgh,  and  advertised  that 
he  would  lecture  on  mnemonics,  or  the  art  of 
memory.  As  he  was  poor,  he  had  recourse  to 
an  humble  lecture-room,  situated  up  a  dirty 
court.  Its  eligibility  may  be  determined  by 
the  fact  that  sweeps'  concerts  were  held  in  it, 
at  \d.  per  head,  and  the  handbill  mostly  ended 
with  the  memorable  words :  '  N.  B. — No  gentle- 
man admitted  without  shoes  and  stockings.'  At 
the  close  of  his  first  lecture  (the  admission  to 
which  was  2rf.),  he  was  addressed  by  a  scientific 
man,  who  gave  him  5s. — (it  will  relieve  the  mo- 
notony of  the  present  address  if  some  of  you  fol- 
low his  example) — and  advised  him  to  print  and 
issue  some  cards  about  his  design,  which  he  did. 
I  saw  one  of  them — the  ink  on  it  scarcely  dry — 
as  he  had  got  it  back  at  the  house  of  a  phy- 
sician, and  on  it  was  inscribed  :  '  Old  birds  are 

not  caught  with  chaff.     From  Dr.  M ,  an 

old  bird.'  The  suspicious  doctor,  however,  wag 
advised  to  hear  the  poor  man's  twopenny  lee- 
ture,  and  was  able,  at  the  end  of  it,  to  display  a 
great  feat  of  memory  himself.  What  was  the 
result?  The  poor  man  no  longer  lectured  for 
2d.  But  it  is  tedious  to  follow  him  through  a 
series  of  years.  He  was  gradually  patronised 
throughout  the  kingdom,  and  a  few  months  ago 
he  was  lecturing  in  the  Hanover- square  Rooms, 
with  the  Earl  of  Harrowby  in  the  chair.  Was 
he  not  as  clever  a  man  when  he  lectured  in  the 
sweeps'  concert-room  ?  Yes ;  but  he  had  not 
been  brought  under  the  shadow  of  a  great  name. 
Sometimes  that  '  great  name '  conr.cs  too  late. 
You  are  familiar  with  the  case  of  Chatterton. 
He  had  existed,  rather  than  lived,  three  days 
on  a  penny  loaf;  then  he  committed  suicide, 
and  was  charitably  buried  by  strange"?  Fifty 
years  or  more  had  elapsed,  when  people  found 
out  how  clever  he  had  been,  and  collected 
money  for  the  erection  of  that  monument  which 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


no*  stands  to  his  memory  by  St  Mary  Redcliff 
Church,  in  Bristol.  Now,  if  you  have  any  idea 
of  doing  that  for  me,  please  to  collect  some  of 
it  while  I  am  alive  /" 

On  occasions  when  the  audience  is  not  very 
liberal,  the  lecturer  treats  them  to  the  following 
hint : 

"  When  in  my  golden  days — or  at  the  least 
they  were  silver  ones  compared  to  these — I  was 
in  the  habit  of  lecturing  on  scientific  subjects,  I 
always  gave  the  introductory  lecture  free.  I 
suppose  this  is  an  '  introductory  lecture,'  for  it 
yields  very  little  money  at  present  I  have 
often  thought,  that  if  everybody  a  little  richer 
than  myself  was  half  as  conscientious,  I  should 
either  make  a  rapid  fortune,  or  have  nobody  to 
listen  to  me  at  all ;  for  I  never  sanction  long 
with  my  company  anything  I  don't  believe. 
Now,  if  what  I  say  is  untrue  or  grossly  impro- 
bable, it  does  not  deserve  the  sanction  of  an 
audience ;  if  otherwise,  it  must  be  meritorious, 
and  deserve  more  efficient  sanction.  As  to  any 
insults  I  receive,  Christianity  has  taught  me  to 
forgive,  and  philosophy  to  despise  them." 

These  very  curious,  and  perhaps  unique,  spe- 
cimens of  street  elocution  are  of  course  inter- 
rupted by  the  occasional  sale  of  a  card,  and 
perhaps  some  conversation  with  the  purchaser. 
The  stenographic  card-seller  states  that  he  has 
sometimes  been  advised  to  use  more  common- 
place language.  His  reply  is  germane  to  the 
matter.  He  says  that  a  street  audience,  like 
aomc  other  audiences,  is  best  pleased  with  what 
they  least  understand,  and  that  the  way  to 
appear  sublime  is  to  be  incomprehensible.  He 
can  occasionally  be  a  little  sarcastic.  A  gentle- 
man informed  me  that  he  passed  him  at  Bag- 
nigge-wells  on  one  occasion,  when  he  was  inter- 
;  by  a  "gent."  fearfully  disfigured  by  the 
small-pox,  who  exclaimed:  "It's  a  complete 
humbug."  "  No,  sir,"  retorted  Mr.  Shorthand, 
"but  if  any  of  the  ladies  present  were  to  call  you 
handsome,  that  would  be  a  humbug."  On  another 
:i  a  man  (half-drunk)  had  been  annoy- 
ing him  some  time,  and  getting  tired  of  the  joke, 
said :  "  Well — I  see  you  are  a  learned  man,  you 
:;iy  ignorance."  "No,"  was  the 
reply,  "but  I  pity  your  father."  "Pity  my 
father! — why?"  was  the  response.  "Because 
Solomon  says,  '  He  that  bcgctteth  a  fool  shall 
have  sorrow  of  him.'  "  This  little  jeu-a 
I  was  t  t  forth  loudacclamatio: 

wd,  and  a  crown-piece  from  a  lady  \\in> 

state- 

.  urious  revelations 
jf  the  history  of  the  streets. 

short- hand   card-seller,    as   has   partly 

1  gave  of  a 
<   no   secret  of 
Mig    a    thoroughfare, - 

been  bound  down  to  keep  the  peace,  and  several 
oned  as  a  defaulter,      i 

politai  was  the  cu^:  chap- 

lain <>f  the  prison    in  which 
Vo   question    the    prisoners   every   Wednesday, 


from  box  to  box  (as  they  were  arranged  Vefore 
him)  on  some  portion  of  Holy  Writ,  and  they 
were  expected,  if  able,  to  answer.  On  one 
occasion,  the  subject  being  the  Excellence  of 
Prayer,  the  chaplain,  remarked  that,  "  even 
among  the  heathen,  every  author,  without  ex- 
ception, had  commended  prayer  to  a  real  or  sup- 
posed Deity."  The  card-seller,  I  am  told, 
cried  out  "  Question  ! "  "  Who  is  that  ? "  said 
the  chaplain.  The  turnkey  pointed  out  the 
questioner.  "  Yes,"  said  the  card-seller,  "  you 
know  what  Seneca  says: — '  Quid  opus  votis  ? 
Fac  teipsum  felicem,  vel  bonum.'  'What 
need  of  prayer  ?  Make  thou  thyself  happy 
and  virtuous.'  Does  that  recommend  prayer  ?  " 
The  prisoners  laughed,  and  to  prevent  a  mutiny, 
the  classical  querist  was  locked  up,  and  the 
chaplain  closed  the  proceedings.  It  is  but 
justice,  however,  to  the  worthy  minister  to  state, 
his  querist  came  out  of  durance  vile  better 
clothed  than  he  went  in. 

The  stenographic  trade,  of  which  the  inform- 
ant  in  question  is  the  sole  pursuer,  was  com- 
menced eleven  years  ago.  At  that  time  300 
cards  were  sold  in  a  day  ;  but  the  average  is 
now  24,  and  about  50  on  a  Saturday  night. 
The  card-seller  tells  me  that  he  is  more  fre- 
quently than  ever  interrupted  by  the  police, 
and  his  health  being  delicate,  wet  days  are 
"nuisances"  to  him.  He  makes  an  annual  visit 
to  the  country,  he  tells  me,  to  see  his  children, 
who  have  been  provided  for  by  some  kind 
friends.  About  two  years  ago  he  was  returning 
to  London  and  passed  through  Oxford.  He  was 
"  hard  up,"  he  says,  having  left  his  coat  for 
his  previous  night's  lodging.  He  attended 
prayers  (without  a  coat)  at  St.  Mary's  church, 
and  when  he  came  out,  seated  himself  on  the 
pavement  beside  the  church,  and  wrote  with 
chalk  inside  an  oval  border. 

"  Ae  Xtjuy  airoXXvual"— Lucam  xv.  17. 
"  I  perish  with  hunger." 

He  was  not  long  unnoticed,  he  tells  me,  by 
the  scholars;  some  of  whom  "rigged  him  out," 
and  he  left  Oxford  with  61.  10s.  in  his  pocket 

"  Let  us  indulge  the  hope,"  writes  one  who 
knows  this  man  well,  "  that  whatever  ii... 
tions  may  have  brought  a  scholar,  whom  lew 
behold  without  pity,  or  converse  with  without 
for  his  acquirements,  to  be  a  street- 
seller,  nevertheless  his  last  days  will  be  his  best 
days,  and  that,  as  his  talents  are  beyond  dispute 
and  his  habits  strictly  temperate,  he  may  yet 
arise  out  of  his  degradation." 

()i  this  gentleman's  history  I  give  an  account 
.    the  only  authentic   source.      It  is. 
.   y;ivcn    in   the  words  of  the  writer  from 
whom  it  was  received  . — 

"The    Rert-n-nd    Mr.    Shorthand"    [his    real 
•  •(•---indeed,  it  would  be 
v  to  the   rule  nf  this  work  to  print  it] 
"wa»  born  at  ll.-u-km-y,  in  the  county  «:' 
dlesex.  ,  the  15th  of  April 

his  4."nl  y.ar.      Of  hii 
parents  very  little  is  known  ;   he  was  brought  up 


284 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


by  guardians,  who  were  '  well  to  do,'  and  who 
gave  him  every  indulgence  and  every  good  in- 
struction and  example.  From  the  earliest  dawn 
of  reason  he  manifested  a  strong  predilection  for 
the  church  ;  and,  before  he  was  seven  years  old, 
he  had  preached  to  an  infant  audience,  read 
prayers  over  a  dead  animal,  and  performed  cer- 
tain mimic  ceremonies  of  the  church  among  his 
schoolfellows. 

"The  directors  of  his  youthful  mind  were 
strong  Dissenters,  of  Antinomian  sentiments. 
With  half-a-dozen  of  the  same  denomination  he 
went,  before  he  was  thirteen,  to  the  anniversary 
meeting  of  the  Countess  of  Huntingdon's  College, 
at  Cheshunt.  Here,  with  a  congregation  of 
about  forty  persons,  composed  of  the  students 
and  a  few  strangers,  he  adjourned,  while  the 
parsons  were  dining  at  the  '  Green  Dragon,'  to 
the  College  Chapel,  where,  with  closed  doors,  the 
future  proprietor  of  the  'penny  short-hand' 
delivered  his  first  public  sermon. 

"  Before  he  was  quite  fourteen,  the  stenogra- 
phic card-seller  was  apprenticed  to  a  draper  in 
or  near  Smithfield.  In  this  position  he  remained 
only  a  few  months,  when  the  indentures  were 
cancelled  by  mutual  consent,  and  he  resumed 
his  studies,  first  at  his  native  place,  and  after- 
wards as  a  day-scholar  at  the  Charterhouse.  He 
was  now  sixteen,  and  it  was  deemed  high  time 
for  him  to  settle  to  some  useful  calling.  He 
became  a  junior  clerk  in  the  office  of  a  stock- 
broker, and  afterwards  amanuensis  to  an  'M.D.,' 
who  encouraged  his  thirst  for  learning,  and  gave 
him  much  leisure  and  many  opportunities  for 
improvement  While  in  this  position  he  ob- 
tained two  small  prizes  in  the  state  lottery,  gave 
up  his  situation,  and  went  to  Cambridge  with 
a  private  tutor.  As  economy  was  never  any 
part  of  his  character,  he  there  '  overrun  the 
constable,'  and  to  prevent,"  he  says,  "  any  con- 
stable running  after  him.  He  decamped  in  the 
middle  of  the  night,  and  came  to  London  by  a 
waggon — all  his  property  consisting  of  a  Greek 
Prayer-book,  Dodd's  Beauties  of  Shakspere,  two 
shirts,  and  two  half-crowns. 

"At  this  crisis  a  famous  and  worthy  clergyman, 
forty  years  resident  in  Hackney  (the  Rev.  H.  H. 

N ,  lately  deceased),  had  issued  from  the  press 

certain  strictures  against  the  Society  for  promot- 
ing Christianity  among  the  Jews.  The  short-hand 
seller  wrote  an  appendix  to  this  work,  under  the 
title  of  the  '  Church  in  Danger.'  He  took  it  to 

Mr.  N ,  who  praised  the  performance  and 

submitted  to  the  publication.  The  impression 
cast  off  was  limited,  and  the  result  unprofitable. 
It  had,  however,  one  favourable  issue ;  it  led  to 
the  engagement  of  its  author  as  private  and  tra- 
velling tutor  to  the  children  of  the  celebrated 
Lady  S ,  who,  though  (for  adultery)  sepa- 
rated from  her  husband,  retained  the  exclusive 
custody  of  her  offspring.  While  in  this  employ- 
ment, my  informant  resided  chiefly  it  Clifton, 
sometimes  in  Bath,  and  sometimes  on  her  lady- 
ship's family  property  in  Derbyshire.  While 
here,  he  took  deacon's  orders,  and  became  a 
popular  preacher.  In  whatever  virtues  he  might 


be  deficient,  his  charities,  at  least,  were  nn« 
bounded.  This  profusion  ill  suited  a  limited 
income,  and  a  forgery  was  the  first  step  to  sus- 
pension, disgrace,  and  poverty.  In  1832  he 
married ;  the  union  was  not  felicitous. 

"  About  this  date  my  informant  relates,  that 
under  disguise  and  change  of  name  he  supplied 
the  pulpits  of  several  episcopal  chapels  in  Scot- 
land with  that  which  was  most  acceptable  to 
them.  Unable  to  maintain  a  locus  standi  in 
connexion  with  the  Protestant  church,  he  made 
a  virtue  of  necessity,  and  avowed  himself  a 
seceder.  In  this  new  disguise  he  travelled  and 
lectured,  proving  to  a  demonstration  (always 
pecuniary)  that  '  the  Church  of  England  was 
the  hospital  of  Incurables.' 

"Always  in  delicate  health,  he  found  continued 
journeys  inconvenient.  The  oversight  of  a  home 
missionary  station,  comprising  five  or  six  vil- 
lages, was  advertised ;  the  card-seller  was  the 
successful  candidate,  and  for  several  years  per- 
formed Divine  service  four  times  every  Sunday, 
and  opened  and  taught  gratuitously  a  school  for 
the  children  of  the  poor.  Here  report  says  he 
was  much  beloved,  and  here  he  ought  to  have 
remained ;  but  with  that  restlessness  of  spirit 
which  is  so  marked  a  characteristic  of  the  class 
to  which  he  now  belongs,  he  thought  otherwise, 
and  removed  to  a  similar  sphere  of  labour  near 
Edinburgh.  The  town,  containing  a  population 
of  14,000,  was  visited  to  a  dreadful  extent  with 
the  pestilence  of  cholera.  The  future  street- 
seller  (to  his  honour  be  it  spoken)  was  the  only 
one  among  eight  or  ten  ministers  who  was  not 
afraid  of  the  contagion.  He  visited  many  hun- 
dreds of  cases,  and,  it  is  credibly  asserted,  added 
medicine,  food,  and  nursing  to  his  spiritual  con- 
solations. The  people  of  his  charge  here  em- 
braced the  Irving  heresy ;  and  unable,  as  he 
says,  to  determine  the  sense  of  '  the  unknown 
tongues,'  he  resigned  his  charge,  and  returned 
to  London  in  1837.  After  living  some  time 
upon  his  money,  books,  and  clothes,  till  all  was 
expended,  he  tried  his  hand  at  the  '  begging- 
letter  trade.'  About  this  time,  the  card-seller 
declares  that  a  man,  also  from  Scotland,  and 
of  similar  history  and  personal  appearance, 
lodged  with  him  at  a  house  in  the  Mint,  and 
stole  his  coat,  and  with  it  his  official  and  other 
papers.  This  person  had  been  either  a  city 
missionary  or  scripture-reader,  having  been 
dismissed  for  intemperance.  The  street  card- 
seller  states  that  he  has  '  suffered  much  perse- 
cution from  the  officers  of  the  Mendicity  So- 
ciety, and  in  the  opinion  of  the  public,  by  the 
blending  of  his  own  history  with  that  of  the 
man  who  robbed  him."  Be  the  truth  as  it  may, 
or  let  his  past  faults  have  been  ever  so  glaring, 
still  it  furnishes  no  present  reason  why  he  should 
be  maltreated  in  the  streets,  where  he  is  now 
striving  for  an  honest  living.  Since  the  card- 
seller's  return  to  London,  he  has  been  five  times 
elected  and  re-elected  to  a  temporary  engage, 
ment  in  the  Hebrew  School,  Goodman' s-fields; 
so  that,  at  the  worst,  his  habits  of  life  cannot  b« 
very  outrageous." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


285 


The  "  pomps  and  vanities  of  this  wicked 
world,"  have,  according  to  his  own  account, 
bad  very  little  share  in  the  experience  of  the 
short- hand  parson.  He  states,  and  there  is  no 
reason  for  doubting  him,  that  he  never  witnessed 
any  sort  of  public  amusement  in  his  life ;  that  he 
was  a  hard  student  when  he  was  young,  and 
now  keeps  no  company,  living  much  in  retire- 
ment. He  "  attends  the  ministry,"  he  says,  "  of 
the  Rev.  Robert  Montgomery,— reads  the  daily 
lessons  at  home,  and  receives  the  communion 
twice  every  month  at  the  early  service  in  West- 
minster Abbey." 

Of  course  these  are  matters  that  appear 
utterly  inconsistent  with  his  present  mode  of 
life.  One  well-known  peculiarity  of  this  extra- 
ordinary character  is  his  almost  idolatrous  love 
of  children,  to  whom,  it'  he  "  makes  a  good 
Saturday  night,"  he  is  very  liberal  on  his  way 
home.  This  is,  perhaps,  his  "  ruling  passion  " 
(an  acquaintance  of  his,  without  knowing  why 
I  inquired,  fully  confirmed  this  account) ;  and 
it  displays  itself  sometimes  in  strong  emo- 
tion, of  which  the  following  anecdote  may  be 
cited  as  an  instance : — One  of  his  favourite  spots 
for  stenographic  demonstration  is  the  corner  of 
Playhouse-yard,  close  to  the  Times  office.  Di- 
rectly opposite  lives  a  tobacconist,  who  has  a 
voting  family.  One  of  his  little  girls  used  to 
stand  and  listen  to  him ;  to  her  he  was  so 
strongly  attached,  that  when  he  heard  of  her 
death  (he  had  missed  her  several  weeks),  he 
went  home  much  affected,  and  did  not  return  to 
fte  spot  for  many 'months.  At  the  death  of 
the  notorious  Dr.  Dillon,  the  card-seller  offered 
himself  to  the  congregation  as  a  successor ;  they, 
however,  declined  the  overture. 

OP  THE  SELLERS  OF   RACE  CARDS  AND 

LISTS. 

THIS  trade  is  not  carried  on  in  town;  but  at 
the  neighbouring  races   of  Epsom  and  Ascot 
Heath,  and,  though  less  numerously,  at  Good- 
wood, it  is  pursued  by  persons  concerned  in  the 
iper-trade  of  London. 
.;.som  I  may  state  that  the  race-card  sale 
is  in  the  hands  of  two  classes   (the   paper   or 
sheet-lists  sale  being  carried  on  by  the    same 
—  viz.    those   who    confine    themselves 
to  "working"   the   races,  and   those  who  only 
resort  to  such  work    occasionally.      The   tirst- 
;ied  sellers  usually  live  in  the  country, 
and  the  second  in  ' 

•iiese  two  classes,  there  is  rather  a 
Strong     distinction.  .tmtry     r;n 

"  sporting  cha- 
racters." I  nr  of  the  same 
calling  feels  litt!°  -ucs  or 

•untry 

traders  in  this  line  some  act  also  as  ton! 
touts;    they  are    for  the   most  part   mm.  who 

X    or  with    racv-hors' 

lie  selling  <•. 
M  one  means  of  a  livelihood,  and  to  touting, 


or  watching  race-horses,  and  reporting  anything 
concerning  them  to  those  interested,  as  another 
means.  These  men,  I  am  assured,  usually 
"make  a  book"  (a  record  and  calculation  of 
their  bets)  with  grooms,  or  such  gentlemen's 
servants,  as  will  bet  with  them,  and  sometimes 
one  with  another. 

The  most  notorious  of  the  race-card  selling 
fraternity  is  known  as  Captain  Carrot  He  is 
the  successor,  I  am  told,  of  Gentleman  Jerry, 
who  was  killed  some  time  back  at  Goodwood 
races — having  been  run  over.  Gentleman  Jerry's 
attire,  twenty-five  to  thirty-five  years  ago,  was 
an  exaggeration  of  what  was  then  accounted  a 
gentleman's  style.  He  wore  a  light  snuff- 
coloured  coat,  a  "washing"  waistcoat  of  any 
colour,  cloth  trowsers,  usually  the  same  colour 
as  his  coat,  and  a  white,  or  yellow  white,  and 
ample  cravat  of  many  folds.  His  successor 
wears  a  military  uniform,  always  with  a  scarlet 
coat,  Hessian  boots,  an  old  umbrella,  and  a  tin 
eye-glass.  Upon  the  card-sellers,  however,  who 
confine  their  traffic  to  races,  I  need  not  dwell, 
but  proceed  to  the  metropolitan  dealers,  who  are 
often  patterers  when  in  town. 

It  is  common,  for  the  smarter  traders  in 
these  cards  to  be  liberal  of  titles,  especially  to 
those  whom  they  address  on  the  race-ground. 
"  This  is  the  sort  of  style,  sir,"  said  one  race- 
card-seller  to  me,  "  and  it  tells  best  with 
cockneys  from  their  shops.  '  Ah,  my  lord.  I 
hope  your  lordship's  well.  I've  backed  your 
horse,  my  lord.  He'll  win,  he'll  win.  Card,  my 
lord,  correct  card,  only  6'rf.  I'll  drink  your  lord- 
ship's health  alter  the  race.'  Perhaps  this  here 
'  my  lord,'  may  be  a  barber,  you  see,  sir,  and 
never  had  so  much  as  a  donkey  in  his  life,  and 
he  forks  out  a  bob ;  but  before  he  can  get  his 
change,  there  always  is  somebody  or  other  to 
call  for  a  man  like  me  from  a  little  distance, 
so  I'm  forced  to  run  off  and  cry,  '  Coming,  sir, 
coming.  Coming,  your  honour,  coming.'  " 

The  mass  of  these  sellers,  however,  content 
themselves  with  the  customary  cry :  "  Here's 
Dorling's  Correct  Card  of  the  Races. — Names, 
weights,  and  colours  of  the  Riders. — Length  of 
Bridle,  and  Weight  of  Saddle." 

One  intelligent  man  MOnMtod  that  there  were 

500  men,  women,  and  children,  of  all  deserip- 

tions  of  street-callings,  who  on  a  "  Derby  day  " 

lift    London   for   Kpsom.      Another  considered 

that  there  could  not   hi-  fewer  than  <i<>0,  at  the 

very  lowest   calculation.     Of  these,  I   am    in- 

.  the    female   sellers   may  number   some- 

•inrt    nt'  a    twentieth    part   from    London, 

i   twelith  of  the  whole  number  of  regular 

iinur    the    r.tees    vend    at    the 

races  Cards.  I'.nt  card  selling  is  often  a  cloak, 
for  the  females— :i;  y  those  i-o;, 

with  men  who  depend  solely  on  the  raees  \md 
improper  publications  (usually  at  (\<l. ).  making 
the  sale  of  cards  or  list  for  UM  more 

:i   to  tweiv-  tiozi  n 

:    is  accounted  "a  gootl 
and  so  is  the  sale  01  tluee-four 


286 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


that  quantity  on  the  Oaks  day.     On  the  other, 
or  "  off"   days,  2s.  is  an  average  earnig. 

The  cards  are  all  hought  c.f  Mr.  Dorling,  the 
printer,  at  2s.  6d.  a  dozen.  The  price  asked  is 
always  6d.  each.  "But  those  fourpenny  bits," 
said  one  card-seller,  "  is  the  ruination  of  every 
thing.  And  now  that  they  say  that  the  three- 
penny bits  is  coining  in  more,  things  will  be 
wuss  and  wuss."  The  lists  vary  from  Is.  6d. 
to  2*.  6d.  the  dozen,  according  to  size.  To 
clear  10s.  and  8s.  on  the  two  great  days  is 
accounted  "tidy  doings,"  but  that  is  earned 
only  by  those  who  devote  themselves  to  the 
sale  of  the  race-cards,  which  all  the  sellers 
do  not  Some,  for  instance,  are  ballad-singers, 
who  sell  cards  immediately  before  a  race 
comes  off,  as  at  that  time  they  could  obtain  no 
auditory  for  their  melodies.  Ascot-heath  races, 
I  am  told,  are  rather  better  for  the  card  seller  than 
Epsom,  as  "  there's  more  of  the  nobs  there," 
and  fewer  of  the  London  vendors  of  cards.  The 
sale  of  the  "  lists"  is  less  than  one-eighth  that 
of  the  sale  of  cards.  They  are  chiefly  "  return 
lists,"  (lists  with  a  specification  of  the  winning 
horses,  &c.,  "returned"  as  they  acquitted 
themselves  in  each  race),  and  are  sold  in  the 
evening,  or  immediately  after  the  conclusion  of 
the  "  sport,"  for  the  purpose  of  being  posted  or 
kept 

OF  THE   STREET-SELLERS  OF  GELATINE,  OF 

ENGRAVED,  AND  OF  PLAYING  CARDS,  &c. 
THERE  are  yet  other  cards,  the  sale  of  which  is 
carried  on  in  the  streets ;  of  these,  the  principal 
traffic  has  lately  been  in  "gelatines"  (gelatine 
cards).  Those  in  the  greatest  demand  contain 
representations  of  the  Crystal  Palace,  the  out- 
lines of  the  structure  being  given  in  gold  deli- 
neation on  the  deep  purple,  or  mulberry,  of  the 
smooth  and  shining  gelatine.  These  cards  are 
sold  in  blank  envelopes,  for  the  convenience  of 
posting  them  as  a  present  to  a  country  friend ; 
or  of  keeping  them  unsoiled,  if  they  are  retained 
as  a  memento  of  a  visit  to  so  memorable  a  build- 
ing. The  principal  sale  was  on  Sunday  morn- 
ings, in  Hyde  Park,  and  to  the  visitors  who 
employed  that  day  to  enjoy  the  sight  of  the 
"palace."  But  on  the  second  Sunday  in  Fe- 
bruary—as  well  as  my  informant  could  recollect, 
for  almost  all  street- traders  will  tell  you,  if  not 
in  the  same  words  as  one  patterer  used,  that 
their  recollections  are  "  not  worth  an  old  button 
without  a  neck" — the  police  "put  down"  the 
sale  of  these  Exhibition  cards  in  the  Park,  as 
well  as  that  of  cakes,  tarts,  gingerbread,  and 
such  like  dainties.  This  was  a  bitter  disap- 
pointment to  a  host  of  street- sellers,  who  looked 
forward  very  sanguinely  to  the  profits  they  might 
realise  when  the  Great  Exhibition  was  in  full 
operation,  and  augured  ill  to  their  prospects  from 
this  interference.  I  am  inclined  to  think,  that, 
on  this  occasion,  the  feelings  of  animosity  enter- 
tained by  the  card-sellers  towards  the  police 
and  the  authorities  were  even  bitterer  than  I 
have  described  as  affecting  the  costermongers. 
u  Why,"  said  one  man,  "when  I  couldn't  be 


let  sell  my  cards,  I  thrust  my  hands  into  my 
empty  pockets,  and  went  among  the  crowd  near 
the  Great  Exhibition  place  to  look  about  me. 
There  was  plenty  of  ladies  and  gentlemen — say 
about  12  o'clock  at  Sunday  noon,  and  as  many 
as  could  be.  Plenty  of  'em  had  nice  paper  bags 
of  biscuits,  or  cakes,  that,  of  course,  they'd 
bought  that  morning  at  a  pastrycook's,  and  they 
handed  'em  to  their  party.  Some  had  news- 
papers  they  was  reading— about  the  Exhibition, 
I  dare  say — papers  which  was  bought,  and,  per- 
haps, was  printed  that  very  blessed  morning ; 
but  for  us  to  offer  to  earn  a  crust  then — oh,  it's 
agen  the  law.  In  course  it  is." 

Some  of  the  gelatine  cards  contain  pieces  of 
poetry,  in  letters  of  gold,  always — at  least,  I 
could  hear  of  no  exceptions — of  a  religious  or 
sentimental  character.  "A  Hymn,"  "The 
Child's  Prayer,"  "The  Christian's  Hope,"  "To 
Eliza,"  "  To  a  Daisy,"  "Forget-me-not,"  and 
"  Affection's  Tribute,"  were  among  the  titles. 
Some  contained  love-verses,  and  might  be  used 
for  valentines,  and  some  a  sentimental  song. 

In  the  open-air  sale,  nearly  all  the  traffic  was 
in  "  Exhibition  gelatines,"  and  the  great  bulk 
were  sold  in  and  near  Hyde  Park.  For  two  or 
three  months,  from  as  soon  as  the  glass  palace 
had  been  sufficiently  elevated  to  command  pub- 
lic attention,  there  were  daily,  I  am  told,  20 
persons  selling  those  cards  in  the  Park  and  its 
vicinity,  and  more  than  twice  that  number  on 
Sundays.  One  man  told  me,  that,  on  one  fine 
bright  Sunday,  the  sale  being  principally  in  the 
morning,  he  had  sold  10  dezen,  with  a  profit  of 
about  5s.  On  week-days  three  dozen  was  a 
good  sale  ;  but  on  wet,  cold,  or  foggy  days,  none 
at  all  could  be  disposed  of.  If,  therefore,  we 
take  as  an  average  the  sale  of  two  dozen  daily 
per  each  individual,  and  three  dozen  on  a  Sun- 
day, we  find  that  ISO/,  was  expended  on  street- 
sold  "gelatines."  The  price  to  the  retailer  is 
5d.  a  dozen,  with  Id.  or  1±<L  for  a  dozen  of  the 
larger-sized  envelopes,  so  leaving  the  usual 
profit — cent  per  cent.  The  sellers  were  not  a 
distinct  class,  but  in  the  hands  of  the  less  enter- 
prising of  the  paper- woikers  or  patterers.  The 
"poetry  gelatines"  were  hardly  offered  at  all  in 
the  streets,  except  by  a  few  women  and  children, 
with  whom  it  was  a  pretext  for  begging. 

Of  "engraved"  Exhibition-cards,  sold  under 
similar  circumstances,  there  might  be  one  third 
as  many  sold  as  of  the  gelatines,  or  an  expen- 
diture of  GO/. 

The  sale  of  playing-cards  is  only  for  a  brief 
interval.  It  is  most  brisk  for  a  couple  of  weeks 
before  Christmas,  and  is  hardly  ever  attempted 
in  any  season  but  the  winter.  The  price  varies 
from  Id.  to  6d.,  but  very  rarely  6d.  ;  and 
seldom  more  than  3d.  the  pack.  The  sellers 
for  the  most  part  announce  their  wares  as 
"  New  cards.  New  playing-cards.  Two-pence 
a  pack."  This  subjects  the  sellers  (the  cards 
being  unstamped)  to  a  penalty  of  10/.,  a  matter 
of  which  the  street-traders  know  and  care 
nothing  ;  but  there  is  no  penalty  on  the  sale  of 
second-hand  cards.  Tlia  bt*»  of  the  cards  arp 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


287 


generally  sold  by  the  street-sellers  to  the  land- 
lords of  the  public-houses  and  beer-shops  where 
the  customers  are  fond  of  a  "  hand  at  crib- 
bage,"  a  "cut-in  at  whist,"  or  a  "game  at  all 
fours,"  or  "all  fives."  A  man  whose  business 
led  him  to  public-houses  told  me  that  for 
some  years  he  had  not  observed  any  other 
games  to  be  played  there,  but  he  had  heard  an 
old  tailor  say  that  in  his  youth,  fifty  years  ago, 
"  put  "  was  a  common  public-house  game. 
The  cheaper  cards  are  frequently  imperfect 
packs.  If  there  be  the  full  number  of  fifty- 
two,  some  perhaps  are  duplicates,  and  others 
are  consequently  wanting.  If  there  be  an  ace 
of  spades,  it  is  unaccompanied  by  those  nourishes 
which  in  the  duly  stamped  cards  set  off  the 
Announcement,  "Duty,  One  Shilling;''  and 
sometimes  a  blank  card  supplies  its  place. 
The  smaller  shop-keepers  usually  prefer  to  sell 
playing-cards  with  a  piece  cut  off  each  corner, 
so  as  to  give  them  the  character  of  being 
second-hand  ;  but  the  street-sellers  prefer  vend- 
ing them  without  this  precaution.  The  cards — 
which  are  made  up  from  the  waste  and  spoiled 
cards  of  the  makers — are  bought  chiefly,  by  the 
retailers,  at  the  "swag  shops." 

Playing  cards  are  more  frequently  sold  with 
other  articles — such  as  almanacks — than  other- 
wise. From  the  information  I  obtained,  it  ap- 
pears that  if  twenty  dozen  packs  of  cards  are 
sold  daily  for  fourteen  days,  it  is  about  the 
quantity,  but  rather  within  it  The  calculation 
was  formed  on  the  supposition  that  there  might 
be  twenty  street  playing-card  sellers,  each  dis- 
posing (allowing  for  the  hinderances  of  bad 
weather,  &c.),  of  one  dozen  packs  daily. 
Taking  the  average  price  at  3d.  a  pack,  we  find 
an  outlay  of  42/.  The  sale  used  to  be  far  more 
considerable  and  at  higher  prices,  and  was 
"  often  a  good  spec,  on  a  country  round." 

There  is  still  another  description  of  cards  sold 
in  the  streets  of  London ;  viz.,  conversation- 
cards  ;  but  the  quantity  disposed  of  is  so  trifling 
as  to  require  no  special  comment. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  STATIONERY. 
Or  this  body  of  street- traders  there  are  two 
descriptions,  the  itinerant  and  the  "pitching." 
There  are  some  also  who  unite  the  two  quali- 
ties, so  far  as  that  they  move  a  short  distance, 
perhaps  200  yards,  along  a  thoroughfare,  but 
preserve  the  same  locality. 

Of  the  itinerant  again,  there  are  some  who, 
on  an  evening,  and  more  especially  a  Saturday 
evening,  take  a  stand  in  a  street-mark 
pursue  their  regular  "  rounds"  the  other  por- 
tions of  the  day. 

The  itinerant  trader  carries  a  tray,  and  in  no 
few  cases,  as  respects  the  "  display "  of  his 
wares,  emulates  the  tradesman's  zeal  in  "dress- 
a  window  temptingly.  The  tray  meet  in 
use  is  painted,  or  mahogany  with  "  ledges," 
front  and  sides;  or,  as  one  man 

•ipright    four- inch    bordering,    to    keep 
thinp 

rests  against  the  bearer's  breast,  is  about 


twelve  inches  high.  Narrow  pink  tapes  are 
generally  attached  to  the  "  ledges  "  and  back, 
within  which  are  "  slipped  "  the  articles  for 
sale.  At  the  bottom  of  the  tray  are  often 
divisions,  in  which  are  deposited  steel  pens, 
wafers,  wax,  pencils,  pen-holders,  and,  as  one 
stationer  expressed  it,  "  packable  things  that 
you  can't  get  much  show  out  of."  One  man — 
who  rather  plumed  himself  on  being  a  tho- 
rough master  of  his  trade— said  to  me :  "It's 
a  grand  point  to  display,  sir.  Now,  just  take  it 
in  this  way.  Suppose  you  yourself,  sir,  lived 
in  my  round.  Werry  good.  You  hear  me  cry 
as  I'm  a  approaching  your  door,  and  suppose 
you  was  a  customer,  you  says  to  yourself: 
'  Here's  Penny-a-quire,'  as  I  'm  called  oft 
enough.  And  I'll  soon  be  with  you,  and  I 
gives  a  extra  emphasis  at  a  customer's  door. 
Werry  good,  you  buys  the  note.  As  you  buys 
the  note,  you  gives  a  look  over  my  tray,  and 
then  you  says,  '  O,  I  want  some  steel  pens,  and 
is  your  ink  good  ? '  and  you  buys  some.  But 
for  the  '  display,'  you'd  have  sent  to  the  shop- 
keeper's, and  I  should  have  lost  custom,  'cause 
it  wouldn't  have  struck  you."* 

The  articles  more  regularly  sold  by  the 
street-sellers  of  stationery  are  note-papei,  letter- 
paper,  envelopes,  steel  pens,  pen-holders,  seal- 
ing -  wax,  wafers,  black  -  lead  pencils,  ink  in 
stonebottles,  memorandum -books,  almanacks, 
and  valentines.  Occasionally,  they  sell  India- 
rubber,  slate-pencil,  slates,  copy-books,  story- 
books, and  arithmetical  tables. 

The  stationery  is  purchased,  for  the  most  part, 
in  Budge-row  and  Drury-lane.  The  half-quires 
(sold  at  Id.)  contain,  generally,  10  sheets;  if  the 
paper,  however,  be  of  superior  quality,  only  8 
sheets.  In  the  paper- warehouses  it  is  known  as 
"outsides,"  with  no  more  than  10  sheets  to  the 
half -quire,  the  price  varying  from  4s.  to  6s.  the 
ream  (20  quires) ;  or,  if  bought  by  weight,  from 
Id.  to  9d.  the  pound.  The  envelopes  are  sold 
(wholesale)  at  from  6d.  to  15rf.  the  dozen;  the 
higher-priced  being  adhesive,  and  with  impres- 
sions— now,  generally,  the  Crystal  Palace — on 
the  place  of  the  seal.  The  commoner  are  retailed 
in  the  streets  at  12,  and  the  better  at  6,  a  penny. 
Sometimes  "a  job-lot,"  soiled,  is  picked  up  by 
tin*  street-stationer  at  4rf.  a  pound.  The  sealing. 
a  pound,  retailed  at  \d.  each;  the  "flat"  wax, 
however,  is  Is.  4rf.  per  lb.,  containing  from  30  to 
36  sticks,  retailed  at  Id.  each.  Wafers  (at  the 
same  swag  shops)  are  3rf.  or  4rf.  the  lb. — in  small 
boxes,  9d.  the  gross ;  ink,  4Jrf.  or  5d.  the  dozen 
;  pencils,  "d.  to  8s.  a  gross;  and  steel 
pens  from  4</.  (waste)  to  3s.  a  gross;  but  the 
tationers  do  not  go  beyond  It.  the  gross, 
which  is  for  magnum  bonums. 

OP  THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  STI; 

STATIONER. 
A    middle-aged    man    gave   me    the  following 

•  I  may  here  obterve  that  I  have    r.irrly 
tradesmen  dealing  in  the  ianie  warei  ai  ilrrct  iellera, 

(1  l>y  those  itrcet  nelleri  by  any   ot), 
than  that  of  "  •hopkeepert." 


288 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


account.  He  had  pursued  the  trade  for  upwards 
of  twelve  years.  He  was  a  stout,  cosey-looking 
man,  wearing  a  loose  great  coat.  The  hack  of 
his  tray  rested  against  his  double-breasted  waist- 
coat ;  the  pattern  of  which  had  become  rather 
indistinct,  but  which  was  buttoned  tightly  up  to 
his  chin,  as  if  to  atone  for  the  looseness  of  his 
eoat  The  corner  of  his  mouth,  toward  his  left 
ear,  was  slightly  drawn  down,  for  he  seemed  in 
"  crying"  to  pitch  his  voice  (so  that  it  could  be 
heard  a  street  off)  out  of  the  corner  of  his  only 
partially- opened  mouth. 

"  Middlin',  sir,"  he  said,  "  times  is  middlin' 
vdth  me ;  they  might  be  better,  but  then  they 
might  be  worse.  I  can  manage  to  live.  The 
times  is  changed  since  I  was  first  in  the  busi- 
ness. There  wasn't  no  'velops  (envelopes)  then, 
and  no  note-paper — least  I  had  none  ;  but  I 
made  as  good  or  a  better  living  than  I  do  now  ; 
a  better  indeed.  When  the  penny-postage  came 
in — I  don't  mind  the  year,  but  I  hadn't  been 
long  in  the  trade  [it  was  in  1840] — I  cried  some 
of  the  postage  'velops.  They  was  big,  figured 
things  at  first,  with  elephants  and  such  like  on 
them,  and  I  called  them  at  prime  cost,  if  any- 
thing was  bought  with  'em.  The  very  first  time, 
a  p'liceman  says, '  You  mustn't  sell  them  covers. 
What  authority  have  you  to  do  it  ?'  '  Why,  the 
authority  to  earn  a  dinner,'  says  I ;  but  it  was 
no  go.  Another  peeler  came  up  and  said  I 
wasn't  to  cry  them  again,  or  he'd  have  me  up ; 
and  so  that  spec,  came  to  nothing.  I  sell  to 
ladies  and  gentlemen,  and  to  servant-maids,  and 
mechanics,  and  their  wives ;  and  indeed  all  sort 
of  people.  Some  fine  ladies,  that  call  me  to  the 
door  on  the  sly,  do  behave  very  shabby.  Why, 
there  was  one  who  wanted  five  half-quire  of  note 
for  4rf.,  and  I  told  her  I  couldn't  afford  it,  and 
so  she  said  '  that  she  knew  the  world,  and  never 
gave  nobody  the  price  they  first  asked.'  '  If 
that's  it,  ma'am,'  says  I,  '  people  that  knows 
your  plan  can  'commodate  you.'  That  knowing 
card  of  a  lady,  sir,  as  she  reckons  herself,  had 
as  much  velvet  to  her  body — such  a  gown  ! — 
as  would  pay  my  tailor's  bills  for  twenty  year. 
But  I  don't  employ  a  fashionable  tailor,  and 
can  patch  a  bit  myself,  as  I  was  two  years  with 
a  saddler,  and  was  set  to  work  to  make  girths 
and  horse -clothes.  My  master  died,  and  all 
went  wrong,  and  I  had  to  turn  out,  without  no- 
body to  help  me, — for  I  had  no  parents  living 
but  I  was  a  strong  young  fellow  of  sixteen.  '. 
first  tried  to  sell  a  few  pairs  of  girths,  and  a 
roller  or  two,  to  livery- stable  keepers,  and  horse- 
dealers,  and  job-masters.  But  I  was  next  to 
starving.  They  wouldn't  look  at  anything  but 
what  was  good,  and  the  stuff  was  too  high,  and 
the  profit  too  little— for  I  couldn't  get  regular 
prices,  in  course — and  so  I  dropped  it  There's 
no  men  in  the  world  so  particular  about  good 
things  as  them  as  is  about  vallyable  horses. 
I've  often  thought  if  rich  people  cared  half  as 
much  about  poor  men's  togs,  that  was  working 
or  them  for  next  to  nothing,  as  they  cared 
for  their  horse-clothes,  it  would  be  a  better 
world.  I  was  deao  beat  at  last ;  but  I  went 


down  to  Epsom  and  sold  a  few  race-cards.  I'J 
borrowed  Is.  of  a  groom  to  start  with,  and  he 
wouldn't  take  it  back  when  I  offered  it ;  and  that 
wax  is  bought  at  general  warehouses,  known  an 
"  swag  shops  "  (of  which  I  may  speak  hereafter), 
at  Sd.  the  pound,  ihere  being  48  round  sticks  in, 
was  my  beginning  in  the  paper  trade.  I  felt 
queer  at  first,  and  queerer  when  I  wasn't  among 
horses,  as  at  the  races  like — but  one  get's  recon- 
ciled to  anything,  'cept,  to  a  man  like  me,  a  low 
lodging-house.  A  stable 's  a  palace  to  it  I  got 
into  stationery  at  last,  and  it's  respectable. 

"  I've  heard  people  say  how  well  they  could 
read  and  write,  and  it  was  no  good  to  them. 
It  has  been,  and  is  still,  a  few  pence  to  me ; 
though  I  can  only  read  and  write  middlin'.  I 
write  notes  and  letters  for  some  as  buys  paper 
of  me.  Never  anything  in  the  beggin'  way — 
never.  It  wouldn't  do  to  have  my  name  mixed 
up  that  way.  I've  often  got  extra  pennies  for 
directing  and  doing  up  valentines  in  nice  'velops. 
Why,  I  spoke  to  a  servant  girl  the  other  day ; 
she  was  at  the  door,  and  says  I, '  Any  nice  paper 
to-day,  to  answer  your  young  man's  last  love- 
letter,  or  to  write  home  and  ask  your  mother's 
consent  to  your  being  wed  next  Monday  week  ? ' 
That's  the  way  to  get  them  to  listen,  sir.  Well, 
I  finds  that  she  can't  write,  and  so  I  offers  to  do 
it  for  a  pint  of  beer,  and  she  to  pay  for  paper  of 
course.  And  then  there  was  so  many  orders 
what  to  say.  Her  love  to  no  end  of  aunts,  and 
all  sorts  of  messages  and  inquiries  about  all 
sorts  of  things;  and  when  I'd  heard  enough  to 
fill  a  long  '  letter'  sheet,  she  calls  me  back  and 
says,  '  I'm  afraid  I've  forgot  uncle  Thomas.' 
I  makes  it  all  short  enough  in  the  letter,  sir. 
'  My  kind  love  to  all  inquiring  friends,'  takes  in 
all  uncle  Thomases.  I  writes  them  when  I  gets 
a  bite  of  dinner.  Sometimes  I  posts  them,  if 
I'm  paid  beforehand;  at  other  times  I  leaves 
them  next  time  I  pass  the  door.  There's  no 
mystery  made  about  it  If  a  missus  says, 
'  What's  that  ? '  I've  heard  a  girl  answer,  '  It's 
a  letter  I've  got  written  home,  ma'am.  I  haven't 
time  myself,'  or  '  I'm  no  scholar,  ma'am.'  But 
that's  only  where  I'm  known.  I  don't  write 
one  a  week  the  year  round — perhaps  forty  in  a 
year.  I  charge  Id.  or  Id.,  or  if  it's  a  very  poor 
body,  and  no  gammon  about  it,  nothing.  Well, 
then,  I  think  I  never  wrote  a  love-letter.  Women 
does  that  one  for  another,  I  think,  when  the 
young  housemaid  can't  write  as  well  as  she  can 
talk.  I  jokes  some  as  I  knows,  and  says  I  writes 
all  sorts  of  letters  but  love-letters,  and  for  them, 
you  see,  says  I,  there's  wanted  the  best  gilt 
edge,  and  a  fancy  'velop,  and  a  Dictionary.  I 
take  more  for  note  and  'velops  than  anything 
else,  but  far  the  most  for  note.  Some  has  a  sheet 
folded  and  fitted  into  a  'velop  when  they  buys, 
as  they  can't  fit  it  so  well  theirselves,  they  say. 
Perhaps  I  make  2*.  a  day,  take  it  all  round. 
Some  days  I  may  make  as  much  as  3*.  6d. ;  at 
others,  'specially  wet  days,  not  Is.  But  I  call 
mine  a  tidy  round,  and  better  than  «ui  average. 
I've  only  myself,  and  pays  Is.  9d.  a  week  for  a 
tidy  room,  with  a  few  of  my  owo  sticks  in  it  I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


289 


Tin:  BOOK-AUOTIONEEB, 


ffo.  19 


D 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


291 


ftuy  sometimes  in  Budge-row,  and  sometimes  in 
Drury-lane.  Very  seldom  at  a  swag-shop  (Bii- 
mingham  house),  for  I  don't  like  them. 

"  Well,  now,  I've  heard,  sir,  that  poor  men 
like  me  ain't  to  be  allowed  to  sell  anything  in 
r.lie  Park  at  the  Great  Exhibition.  How's  that, 
sir  ? "  I  told  him  I  could  give  no  information 
on  the  subject. 

"  It's  likely  enough  to  be  true,"  he  resumed; 
"  the  nobs  '11  want  to  keep  it  all  to  theirselves. 
I  read  Lloyd's  Weekly  Newspaper  on  a  Sunday, 
and  what  murders  and  robberies  there  is  now  ! 
What  will  there  be  when  the  Great  Exhibition 
opens  !  for  rogues  is  worst  in  a  crowd,  and  they 
say  they'll  be  plenty  come  to  London  from  all 
arts  and  parts  ?  Never  mind  ;  if  I  can  se?  any- 
thing better  to  do  in  a  fair  way  at  the  Exhibition, 
I'll  cut  the  streets. 

"  Perhaps  my  earnings  is  half  from  working 
people  and  half  from  private  houses;  that's  about 
it  But  working  people's  easiest  satisfied." 

I  have  given  this  man's  statement  more  fully 
than  I  should  have  thought  necessary,  that  I 
might  include  his  account  of  letter-  writirg. 
The  letter-writer  was  at  one  period  a  regular 
itreet-labourer  in  London,  as  he  is  now  in  some 
continental  cities — Naples,  for  instance.  The 
vocation  in  London  seems  in  some  respects  to 
have  fallen  into  the  hands  of  the  street- stationer, 
but  the  majority  of  letters  written  for  the  un- 
educated— and  their  letter-receiving  or  answer- 
ing is  seldom  arduous — is  done,  I  believe,  by 
those  who  are  rather  vaguely  but  emphatically 
described  as — "  friends." 

i  told  that  there  are  120  street-stationers 
in  London,  a  small  majority  of  whom  may  be 
itinerant,  but  chiefly  on  regular  rounds.  On  a 
Sunday  morning,  in  such  places  as  the  Brill, 
are  two  or  three  men,  but  not  regularly,  who  sell 
ry  only  on  Sunday  mornings.  Taking 
the  number,  however,  at  120,  I  am  assured  that 
their  average  profits  may  be  taken  at  8s.  weekly, 
each  stationer.  On  note-paper  of  the  best  «ort 
the  profit  is  sometimes  only  50  per  cent ;  but, 
take  the  trade  altogether,  we  may  calculate  it  at 
cent,  per  cent  (on  some  things  it  is  higher); 
and  we  find  1.992/.  yearly  expended  in 
stationery. 

Of  A  "  REDUCED"  GENTLEWOMAN,  AND  A  "  RE- 
DUCED" TRADESMAN,  AS  STREET -SELLERS 
VERY. 

I  now  give  two  statements,  which  show  tl 
H  of  my  conclusion,  that  ani<» 
•rs  were  persons  of  education  who   had 
.  and  that,  as  a  body,  those 
engaged  in  this  "traffic  were  a  better  class  than 
"  paper- workers."     They  are 
d  a*  illustrations  of  the  cause*  which 
lead,  or  rather  force,  many  to  a  stre<  • 
•hat  of  a  la«!, 
• ."  she  said,  "  was  an  officer  =• 

:<•  tlu-  Pitt  family.      A! 
I  mipported  m\ -.  ifl>y  teaching  Bin 
*••  considered  ve/y  talented  by  my  prnfeMion, 
both  a.«  teacher  and  composer."   (I  may  h. 


terrupt  the  course  of  the  narrarive  by  saying,  that 
I  myself  have  had  printed  proofs  of  the  lady's 
talents  in  this  branch  of  art)  "  A  few  years  ago, 
a  painful  and  protracted  illness  totally  incapaci- 
tated me  from  following  my  profession  ;  conse- 
quently, I  became  reduced  to  a  state  of  great 
destitution.  For  many  weeks  I  remained  ill  in 
my  own  room.  I  often,  during  that  time,  went 
without  nourishment  the  day  through.  I  might 
have  gone  into  an  hospital ;  but  I  seemed  to 
dread  it  so  much,  that  it  was  not  until  I  was 
obliged  to  give  up  my  room  that  I  could  make 
up  my  mind  to  enter  one.  From  that  time, 
until  within  a  few  weeks  ago,  I  have  been  an 
inmate  of  several  hospitals:  the  last  I  was  in 
was  the  Convalescent  Establishment  at  Carshal- 
ton.  On  my  coming  to  London,  I  found  I  had 
to  begin  the  world  again;  as  it  were,  in  a  very  dif- 
ferent manner  from  what  I  have  been  accustomed 
to.  I  had  no  head  to  teach — I  felt  that ;  and 
what  to  do  I  hardly  knew.  I  had  no  home  to 
go  to,  and  not  a  halfpenny  in  the  world.  I  had 
heard  of  the  House  of  Charity,  in  Soho-square, 
and,  as  a  last  resource,  I  went  there ;  but  before 
I  could  have  courage  to  ask  admittance,  I  got  a 
woman  to  go  in  and  see  what  kind  of  a  place  it  was 
— I  seemed  to  fear  it  so  much.  I  met  with 
great  kindness  there,  however ;  and,  by  the  time 
I  left,  the  care  they  had  bestowed  upon  me  had 
restored  my  health  in  a  measure,  but  not  my 
head.  The  doctors  advised  me  to  get  some  out- 
door occupation  (I  am  always  better  in  the  open 
air) ;  but  what  to  do  I  could  not  tell.  At  last 
I  thought  of  a  man  I  had  known,  who  made 
fancy  envelopes.  I  went  to  him,  and  asked  him 
to  allow  me  to  go  round  to  a  few  houses  with 
some  of  them  for  a  small  per  centage.  This  he 
did,  and  I  am  thereby  enabled,  by  going  along 
the  streets  and  calling  to  offer  my  envelopes  at 
any  likely  house,  just  to  live.  None  but  those 
who  have  suffered  misfortunes  (as  I  have  done) 
can  tell  what  my  feelings  were  on  first  going  to 
a  house.  I  could  not  go  where  I  was  known  ;  I 
had  not  the  courage,  nor  would  my  pride  allow 
me.  My  pupils  had  been  very  kind  to  me  during 
my  illnesses,  but  I  could  not  bear  the  idea  of 
going  to  them  and  offering  articles  for  sale. 

"  My  fear  of  strangers   is   so  great,   that    1 

tremble  when  I  knock  at  a  door — lot  I  should 

meet  with  an  angry  word.    How  lew  have  any  idea 

of  the  privations  and  su  ill -ring  that  have  been 

endured  before  a  woman  (brought  up  as  I  h:n  .• 

i  an  make  up  her  mind  to  do  as  I    tw 

obliged  to  do!    I  am  now  endeavouring  to  raise 

a  littlv  money  to  take  a  room,  and  cany  on  the 

If.      I    might    do    pretty 

will.  I  think  ;  and,  should  my  head  get  better, 
in  time  I  might  get  pupils  again.  At  present  I 
rould  not  teaeh,  the  distressed  state  of  my  mind 
would  not  allow  n 

mi-lit   hr    forwarded    In 

•••.riting.  supplying  me  with   >  very  facility 
Of  his  assertions,  which 

it  in  right  I  should  add  I  have  done,  and  fuimn 
all  as  he  has  Mated.  I  give  the  narrative  in  tin 


292 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


writer's  words  (and  his  narrative  will  be  found 
at  once  diffuse  and  minute),  as  a  faithful  repre- 
sentation of  a  "  reduced"  tradesman's  struggles 
thoughts,  and  endurances,  before  being  force< 
into  the  streets. 

"  I  was  brought  up,"  he  writes,  "  as  a  linen- 
draper.  After  filling  every  situation  as  an 
assistant,  both  in  the  wholesale  and  retail  trade 
I  was  for  a  considerable  time  in  business 
Endeavouring  to  save  another  from  ruin,  I  ad- 
vanced what  little  money  I  had  at  my  banker's 
and  became  security  for  more,  as  I  thought  ] 
saw  my  way  clear.  But  a  bond  of  judgment 
was  hanging  over  the  concern  (kept  back  from 
me  of  course)  and  the  result  was,  I  lost  my 
money  to  the  amount  of  some  hundreds,  ol 
which  I  have  not  recovered  one  pound.  Since 
that  time  I  have  endeavoured  to  gain  a  liveli- 
hood as  a  town  traveller.  In  1845  I  became 
very  much  afflicted,  and  the  affliction  continued 
the  greater  part  of  the  following  year.  At  one 
time  I  had  fifteen  wounds  on  my  body,  and  lost 
the  use  of  one  side.  I  was  reduced  by  bodily 
disease,  as  well  as  in  circumstances.  My  wife 
went  to  reside  among  her  friends,  and  I,  after 
my  being  an  out-patient  of  Bartholomew's  Hos- 
pital went,  through  necessity,  to  Clerkenwell 
Workhouse.  When  recovered,  I  made  another 
effort  to  do  something  among  my  own  trade, 
and  thought,  after  about  two  years  struggle,  I 
should  recover  in  a  measure  my  position.  In 
August,  1849,  I  sent  for  a  few  shillings-worth 
of  light  articles  from  London  (being  then  at 
Dunstable).  I  received  them,  and  sold  one 
small  part  ;•!  went  the  following  day  to  the  next 
village  nearer  London.  There  1  had  a  violent 
attack  of  cholera;  which  once  more  defeated 
my  plans,  leaving  me  in  a  weak  condition. 
I  was  obliged  to  seek  the  refuge  of  my  parish, 
and  consider  that  very  harshly  was  I  treated 
there.  They  refused  me  admittance,  and  suf- 
fered me  to  walk  the  street  two  days  and  two 
nights.  I  had  no  use  of  my  arm,  was  ill  and 
disabled.  About  half-past  seven  on  the  third 
night,  a  gentleman,  hearing  of  my  sufferings, 
knocked  at  the  door  of  the  Union,  took  me  inside, 
and  dared  them  to  turn  me  thence.  This  was  in 
October,  1849.  I  lay  on  my  bed  there  for  seven 
weeks  nearly,  and  a  few  days  before  Christmas- 
day  the  parish  authorities  brought  me  before  the 
Board,  and  turned  me  out,  with  one  shilling  and 
a  loaf;  one  of  the  overseers  telling  me  to  go  to 
h — 11  and  lodge  anywhere.  I  came  to  lodge  at 
the  Model  Lodging-house,  King-street,  Drury- 
lane ;  but  being  winter-time  they  were  full. 
Although  I  remained  there  in  the  day-time, 
I  was  obliged  to  sleep  at  another  house.  At 
this  domicile  I  saw  how  many  ways  there  were 
of  getting  what  the  very  poor  call  a  living,  and 
various  suggestions  were  offered.  I  was  pro- 
mised a  gift  of  2s.  6d.  by  an  individual,  on  a 
certain  day, — but  I  had  to  live  till  that  day,  and 
many  were  the  feelings  of  my  mind,  how  to  dis- 
pose of  what  might  remain  when  I  received  the 
2*.  6rf.,  as  I  was  getting  a  little  into  debt  My 
debt,  when  paid,  left  me  but  9|rf.  out  of  the 


2s.  6d.  to  trade  with.  I  had  never  hawked  <ur. 
article  before  that  time  ;  to  stand  the  streets 
was  terrible  to  my  mind,  and  how  to  invest  thii 
small  sum  sadly  perplexed  me.  My  mind  was 
racked  by  painful  anxiety  ;  one  moment  almost 
desponding,  the  next  finding  so  much  sterling 
value  in  a  shilling,  that  I  saw  in  it  the  means 
of  rescuing  me  from  my  degradation.  Wanting 
many  of  the  necessaries  of  life,  but  without 
suitable  attire  for  my  own  business,  and  still 
weak  from  illness,  I  made  up  my  mind.  On  the 
afternoon  of  2nd  Jan.,  1850, 1  purchased  1$  doz. 
memorandum-books,  of  a  stationer  in  Clerken- 
well, telling  him  my  capital.  I  obtained  the  name 
of  '  Ninepence-halfpenny  Man '  (the  amount  of 
my  funds)  at  that  shop.  The  next  step  was  how 
to  dispose  of  my  books.  I  thought  I  would  go 
round  to  some  coffee  and  public-houses,  as  ] 
could  not  endure  the  streets.  I  went  into  one, 
where  I  was  formerly  known,  and  sold  6rf.- worth, 
and  meeting  a  person  who  was  once  in  my  own 
line,  at  another  house,  I  sold  4rf.-worth  more. 
The  first  night,  therefore,  I  got  over  well.  The 
next  day  I  did  a  little,  but  not  so  well,  and  I 
found  out  that  what  I  had  bought  was  not  the 
most  ready  sale.  My  returns  that  week  were 
only  6*.  2d.  I  found  I  must  have  something 
different, — one  thing  would  not  do  alone ;  so  I 
bought  a  few  childrens'  books  and  almanacks — 
sometimes  going  to  market  with  as  little  as  seven 
farthings.  I  could  not  rise  to  anything  better 
in  the  way  of  provisions  during  this  time  than 
dry  toast  and  coffee,  as  the  rent  must  be  looked 
to.  I  struggled  on,  hoping  against  hope.  At  one 
period  I  had  a  cold  and  lost  my  voice.  Two  or 
three  wet  days  in  a  week  made  me  a  bankrupt. 
If  I  denied  myself  food,  to  increase  my  stock, 
and  went  out  for  a  day  or  two  to  some  near 
town,  I  found  that  with  small  stock  and  small 
returns  I  could  not  stem  the  tide. 

"  I  always  avoided  associating  with  any  but 
those  a  step  higher  in  the  grades  of  society — a  cir- 
cumstance that  caused  me  not  to  know  as  much 
of  the  market  for  my  cheap  articles  as  I  might 
have  done.  I  am  perhaps  looked  on  as  rather  an 
'  aristocrat,'  as  I  am  not  often  seen  by  the  street- 
sellers  at  a  stand.  My  difficulties  have  been  of  no 
ordinary  kind  ;  with  a  desire  for  more  domestic 
comfort  on  one  hand,  and  painful  reflections 
from  want  of  means  on  the  other,  I  have  had 
to  call  to  my  aid  all  the  philosophy  I  possess, 
to  keep  up  a  proper  equilibrium,  lest  I  should 
be  tempted  to  anything  derogatory  or  dishonest. 
I  am  desirous  of  a  rescue  at  the  only  time 
ikely  for  it  to  take  place  with  advantage,  as  I 
am  persuaded  when  persons  continue  long  in 
a  course  that  endangers  their  principles  and 
self-respect,  a  rescue  becomes  hopeless.  Should 
[  have  one  small  start  with  health,  the  priva- 
tions I  have  undergone  show  not  what  comforts 
[  have  had,  or  may  hope  ever  to  have,  but  what 
t  can  absolutely  do  without 

"  I  found  the  first  six  months  not  quite  so 

ood  as  the  latter ;  March  and  May  hemp  th* 

rorst     The  entire  amount  taken  from  January 

2nd  to  December  31st,  1850  ;  was  28/.  10*.  6<i,— 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THk  LONDON  POOR. 


293 


an  average  of  about  1  Is.  4d.  a  week  ;  say  for 
cost  of  goods,  65.  per  week  ;  and  rent,  Is.  9d. ; 
leaving  me  but  3s.  7d.  clear  for  living.  This 
statement,  sir,  is  strictly  correct,  as  I  do  not  get 
cent,  per  cent,  on  all  the  articles ;  and  yet  with 
so  small  a  return  I  am  not  beliind  one  single 
crown  at  the  present  time. 

"On  New  Year's-day  last,  I  had  but  the 
cost  price  of  stock,  5d.  Up  to  the  evening  of 
February  10th,  I  have  taken  21.  19s.  Sd.  ;— 
having  paid  for  goods,  II.  10s.  5d. ;  and  for 
rent,  Ss.  lOd. :  leaving  me  II.  5d.  to  exist  on 
during  nearly  six  weeks.  These  facts  and 
figures  show  that  without  a  little  assistance  it 
is  impossible  to  rise  ;  and  remember  this  cir- 
cumstance— I  have  had  to  walk  on  some  occa- 
sions as  much  as  twenty  or  twenty-two  miles 
in  a  day.  If  those  whom  Providence  has 
blessed  with  a  little  more  than  their  daily 
wants  would  only  enter  into  the  conflicts  of 
the  really  reduced  person,  they  would  not  be 
half  so  niggardly  in  spending  a  few  coppers 
for  useful  articles,  at  least,  nor  overbearing  in 
their  requirements  as  to  bulk,  when  purchasing 
of  the  itinerant  vendor.  Did  they  but  reflect 
that  they  themselves  might  be  in  the  same 
condition,  or  some  of  their  families,  I  am  sure 
they  would  not  act  as  they  do ;  for  I  would 
venture  to  say  that  the  common  street  beggar 
does  not  get  more  rebuffs  or  insults  than  the 
educated  and  unfortunate  reduced  tradesmen 
in  the  streets.  The  past  year  has  been  one 
of  the  most  trying  and  painful,  yet  I  hope 
instructive,  periods  of  my  existence,  and  one  of 
which  I  trust  I  never  shall  see  the  like  again." 
I  subjoin  one  of  the  testimonies  that  have 
been  furnished  me,  as  to  this  man's  character, 
and  which  I  thought  it  right  to  procure  before 
giving  publicity  to  the  above  statement  It  is 

.  minister  of  the  gospel — the  street-seller's 
father-in-law. 

\R  Sia,— I  received  a  letter,  last  Tuesday,  from 
Mr.  Knight,  intimating  that  he  was  requested  by  you 

to  inquire  into  the  character  of  Mr.  J N . 

"It  is  quite  correct,  as  he  states,  that  his  wife  is 
my  daughter.  They  lived  together  several  years  in 
London ;  but  eventually,  notwithstanding  her  efforts 
in  the  millinery  and  straw-work,  they  became  so 
reduced  that  their  circumstances  obliged  my  daughter 
to  take  her  two  little  girls  with  herself  to  us. 

was  in  the  summer,  1845.  His  wife  and  chil- 
dren hare  been  of  no  expense  to  Mr.  N.  since  that 
time.  The  sole  cause  of  their  separation  was  poverty. 

riiider  him  to  have  acted  imprudently  in  giving 
aphis  situation  to  depend  un  an  Income  arising  1mm  a 
small  capital;  whereas,  If  he  had  kept  in  a  place,  whilst 
•he  attended  to  her  own    • 
•one  on  comfortably  ;  and  should  they,  through  the 

Mtion  of  a  kind  Providence,  gain  that 
•gain,  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  th.-y  will  im;.rov<   : 
eumstance  to  the  honour  and  glory  of  the  Author  <>f 

mercies,  and  with  gratitude  to  the  instrument 
•ho  may  be  raised  up  for  their  good. 

"I  am,  dear  Sir,  respectfully  y 

It." 

•T  vouchers  have  been  received,  and  all 
equally  satisfactory. 

Or  THE  STREET-SALE  or  MEMORANDUM- 
BOOKS  AND  ALMANACKS. 

TUB  memorandum-books  in  demand  in  street- 


sale  are  used  for  weekly  "rent-books."  The 
payment  of  the  rent  is  entered  by  the  landlord, 
and  the  production  of  one  of  these  books,  show* 
ing  a  punctuality  of  payment,  perhaps  for  years, 
is  one  of  the  best  "references"  that  cau  be 
given  by  any  one  in  search  of  a  new  lodging. 
They  are  bought  also  for  the  entrance  of  orders, 
and  then  of  prices,  in  the  trade  at  chandler's 
shops,  &c.,  where  weekly  or  monthly  accounts 
are  run.  All,  or  nearly  all,  the  street-sta- 
tioners sell  memorandum-books,  and  in  addition 
to  them,  there  may  be,  I  am  told,  sometimes  as 
many  as  fifty  poor  persons,  including  women 
and  children,  who  sell  memorandum-books  with 
other  trifling  articles,  not  necessarily  stationery, 
but  such  things  as  stay-laces  or  tapes.  If  a 
man  sell  memorandum-books  alone  it  is  because 
his  means  limit  him  to  that  stock,  he  being  at 
the  time,  what  I  heard  a  patterer  describe  as,  a 
"  dry-bread  cove."  The  price  is  6d.  the  dozen, 
or  9d.  (with  almanacks  pasted  inside  the  cover), 
and  thirteen  to  the  dozen.  No  more  than  Irf. 
is  obtained  in  the  streets  for  any  kind  of  memo- 
randum-books. 

The  almanack  street  trade,  I  heard  on  all 
hands,  had  become  a  mere  nothing.  "  What 
else  can  you  expect,  sir,"  said  one  street-seller, 
"  when  so  many  publicans  sends  almanacks 
round,  or  gives  them  away  to  their  customers ; 
and  when  the  slop  tailors'  shilling-a-day  men 
thrust  one  into  people's  hands  at  every  corner? 
It  was  a  capital  trade  once,  before  the  duty  was 
taken  off— capital !  The  duty  wasn't  in  our  way 
so  much  as  in  the  shop-keepers',  though  they 
did  a  good  deal  on  the  sly  in  unstamped  alma- 
nacks. Why  of  a  night  in  October  I've  many 
a  time  cleared  5s.  and  more  by  selling  in  the 
public-houses  almanacks  at  Id.  and  3d.  a-piece 
(they  cost  me  Is.  and  Is.  Id.  a  dozen  at  that 
time).  Anything  that  way,  when  Government's 
done,  has  a  ready  sale  ;  people  enjoys  it ;  and 
I  suppose  no  man,  as  ever  was,  thinks  it 
much  harm  to  do  a  tax-gatherer  1  I  don't  pay 
the  income-tax  myself  (laughing).  One  even- 
ing I  sold,  just  by  Blackfriars-bridge,  fourteen 
dozen  of  diamond  almanacks  to  fit  into  hat- 
crowns.  I  was  liable,  in  course,  and  ran  a 
risk.  I  sold  them  mostly  at  Id.  a  piece,  but 
sonu-times  got  (\<l.  for  three.  I  cleared  between 
6's.  and  7s.  The  '  diamonds '  cost  me  8d.  a 
dozen." 

The  street  almanack  trade  is  now  carried  on 
by  the  same  parties  as  I  have  specified  in  my 
account  of  memorandum-books.  Those  sold 
are  of  any  cheap  kind,  costing  wholesale  (i</.  .1 
but  tlu-y  arc-  almost  always  announced 
as  "  Moore's." 

Or  THE  STREET-SALE  or  POCKET-BOOKS 
AND  DIARIES. 

..le  of  pocket-books,  in  the  streets,  is  not, 
I  was  told  by  several  persons,  "  a  living  Lr  a 
man  now-a  u  years  ago  it  was  com- 

mon to  fanl  nirn  in  the  streets  oflerinK  "  half- 
cm*,,  j,o,  Ut-books"  for  1*.,  and  holdiii;- 
open  so  as  to  display  the  engravings,  if  ther« 


294 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


were  any.  The  street- sale  usually  takes  place 
in  March,  when  the  demand  for  the  regular 
trade  has  ceased,  and  the  publishers  dijpose  of 
their  unsold  stock.  The  trade  is  now,  I  am 
assured,  only  about  a  tenth  of  its  former  extent. 
The  reason  assigned  for  the  decline  is  that 
almanacks,  diaries,  &c.,  are  so  cheap  that  people 
look  upon  Is.  as  an  enormous  price,  even  for  a 
"  beautiful  morocco- bound  pocket-book,"  as  the 
street-seller  proclaims  it  The  binding  is  roan 
(a  dressed  sheep-skin,  morocco  being  a  goat- 
skin), an  imitation  of  morocco,  but  the  pocket- 
books  are  really  those  which  in  the  October 
preceding  have  been  published  in  the  regular 
way  of  trade.  Some  few  of  them  may,  how- 
ever, have  been  damaged,  and  these  are  bought 
by  the  street-people  as  a  "job  lot,"  and  at  a 
lower  price  than  that  paid  in  the  regular  way ; 
which  is  4s.  6d.  to  5s.  6d.  the  dozen,  thirteen  to 
the  dozen.  The  "  job  lot"  is  sometimes  bought 
for  2*.  6d.  a  dozen,  and  sold  at  6d.  each,  or  as  low 
as  4,^ — for  street- sellers  generally  bewail  their 
having  often  to  come  down  to  "  fourpenny-bits, 
a^  they're  going  so  much  now."  One  man  told 
me  that  he  was  four  days  last  March  in  selling 
a  dozen  pocket-books,  though  the  weather  was 
not  unfavourable,  and  that  his  profit  was  5s. 
Engravings  of  the  "  fashions,"  the  same  man 
told  me,  were  "  no  go  now."  Even  poorly- 
dressed  women  (but  they  might,  he  thought,  be 
dress-makers)  had  said  to  him  the  last  time  lie 
displayed  a  pocket-book  with  fashions — "They're 
out  now."  The  principal  supplier  of  pocket- 
books,  &c.,  to  the  street- trade  is  in  Bride-lane, 
Fleet-street.  Commercial  diaries  are  bought  and 
sold  at  the  same  rate  as  pocket-books ;  but  the 
sale  becomes  smaller  and  smaller. 

I  am  informed  that  "last  season"  there  were 
twenty  men,  all  street- traders  in  "paper,"  or 
"  anything  that  was  up,"  at  other  times,  selling 
pocket-books  and  diaries.  For  this  trade  Lei- 
cester-square is  a  favourite  place.  Calculating, 
from  the  best  data  I  can  command,  that  each  of 
those  men  took  15s.  weekly  for  a  month  (half  of 
it  their  profit),  we  find  60/.  expended  in  the 
streets  in  this  purchase.  Ledgers  are  some- 
tunes  sold  in  the  streets ;  but  as  the  sale  is  more 
a  hawker's  than  a  regular  street- seller's,  an  ac- 
count of  the  traffic  is  not  required  by  my  present 
subject. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  SONGS. 
THESE  street-traffickers,  with  the  exception,  in 
a  great  degree,  of  the  "  pinners-up,"  are  of  the 
same  class,  but  their  callings  are  diversified. 
There  are  long  song-sellers,  ballad-sellers  (who 
are  generally  singers  of  the  ballads  they  vend, 
unless  they  are  old  and  infirm,  and  offer  ballads 
instead  of  begging),  chaunters,  pinners-up,  and 
song-book- sellers.  The  three  first- mentioned 
classes  I  have  already  described  in  their  con 
nection  with  the  patterers ;  and  I  now  proceed  to 
deal  with  Jie  two  last-mentioned. 

The  "  p'auiers-up"  (whom  I  have  mentioned 
•s  an  exceptional  body),  are  the  men  and  women 
«— the  women  being  nearly  a  third  of  the  num- 


ber of  the  men — who  sell  songs  which  they  have 
"'  pinned"  to  a  sort  of  screen  or  large  board,  or 
have  attached  them,  in  any  convenient  way,  to 
a  blank  wall ;  and  they  differ  from  the  other 
song- sellers,  inasmuch  as  that  they  are  not  at 
all  connected  with  patter,  and  have  generally 
been  mechanics,  porters,  or  servants,  and  re- 
duced to  struggle  for  a  living  as  "  pinners-up." 

OP  THE   STREET  "  PINNERS-UP,"  OR  WALL 

SONG-SELLERS. 
THESE  street- traders,  when  I  gave  an  account 
of  them  in  the  winter  of  1849,  were  not  50  in 
number  ;  they  are  now,  I  learn,  about  30.  One 
informant  counted  28,  and  thought  "  that  was 
nearly  all." 

I  have,  in  my  account  of  street  song-sellers, 
described  the  character  of  the  class  of  pinners- 
up.  Among  the  best-accustomed  stands  are 
those  in  Tottenham-court  Road,  the  New-road, 
the  City-road,  near  the  Vinegar-works,  the 
Westminster-road,  and  in  Shoreditch,  near  the 
Eastern  Counties  Station.  One  of  the  best- 
known  of  the  pinners-up  was  a  stout  old  man, 
wearing  a  great-coat  in  all  weathers,  who 
"  pinned-up"  in  an  alley  leading  from  White- 
friars-street  to  the  Temple,  but  now  thrown  into 
an  open  street  He  had  old  books  for  sale  on  a 
stall,  in  addition  to  his  ballads,  and  every  morn- 
ing was  seen  reading  the  newspaper,  borrowed 
from  a  neighbouring  public-house  which  he 
"  used,"  for  he  was  a  keen  politician.  "  He 
would  quarrel  with  any  one,"  said  a  person  who 
then  resided  in  the  neighbourhood — an  account 
confirmed  to  me  at  the  public-house  in  question 
— "  mostly  about  politics,  or  about  the  books 
and  songs  he  sold.  Why,  sir,  I've  talked  to 
him  many  a  time,  and  have  stood  looking 
through  his  books  ;  and  if  a  person  came  up 
and  said,  'Oh,  Bum's  Works,  Is.;  I  can't 
understand  him,' — then  the  old  boy  would 
abuse  him  for  a  fool!  Suppose  another  came 
and  said — for  I've  noticed  it  myself — '  Ah  ! 
Burns — he  was  a  poet!'  that  didn't  pass;  for 
the  jolly  old  pinner-up  would  say,  '  Well,  now, 
I  don't  know  about  that'  In  my  opinion,  he 
cared  nothing  about  this  side  or  that — this 
notion  or  the  opposite — but  he  liked  to  shine." 
The  old  man  was  carried  off  in  the  prevalence 
of  the  cholera  in  1849. 

At  the  period  I  have  specified,  I  received  the 
following  statement  from  a  man  who  at  that 
time  pinned-up  by  Harewood-place,  Oxford- 
street: 

"  I'm  forty-nine,"  he  said.  "  I've  no  chil- 
dren, thank  God,  but  a  daughter,  who  is  eighteen, 
and  no  incumbrance  to  me,  as  she  is  in  a  '  house 
of  business  ;'  and  as  she  has  been  there  nine  years, 
her  character  can't  be  so  very  bad.  (This  was 
said  proudly.)  I  worked  twenty -two  years  with 
a  great  sculptor  as  a  marble  polisher,  and  besides 
that,  I  used  to  run  errands  for  him,  and  was  a 
sort  of  porter,  like,  to  him.  I  couldn't  get  any 
work,  because  he  hadn't  no  more  marble- work  to 
do ;  so  nine  or  ten  years  back  I  went  into  this  line. 
I  knew  a  man  what  done  well  in  it — but  timct 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


295 


was  better  then — and  that  put  it  into  my  head. 
It  cost  me  21.  10s.  to  stock  my  stall,  and  get 
all  together  comfortable ;  for  I  started  with  old 
books  as  well  as  songs.  I  got  leave  to  stand 
here  from  the  landlord.  I  sell  ballads  and  ma- 
nuscript music  (beautifully  done  these  music 
sheets  were),  which  is  '  transposed '  (so  he 
worded  it)  from  the  nigger  songs.  There's  two 
does  them  for  me.  They're  transposed  for  the 
violin.  One  that  does  them  is  a  musicianer, 
who  plays  outside  public- houses,  but  I  think 
his  daughter  does  most  of  it  I  sell  my  songs 
at  a  halfpenny, — and,  when  I  can  get  it,  a  penny 
a  piece.  Do  I  yarn  a  pound  a  week  ?  Lor' 
bless  you,  no.  Nor  15*.,  nor  12*.  I  don't  yarn, 
one  week  with  another,  not  10s.,  sometimes  not 
5i.  My  wife  don't  yarn  nothing.  She  used  to 
go  out  charing,  but  she  can't  now.  I  am  at 
:all  at  nine  in  the  morning,  and  some- 
times I  have  walked  five  or  six  miles  to  buy  my 
'  pubs  '  before  that  I  stop  till  ten  at  night  oft 
enough.  The  wet  days  is  the  ruin  of  us  ;  and 
I  think  wet  days  increases.  [This  was  said  on 
a  rainy  day.]  Such  a  day  as  yesterday  now  I 
didn't  take,  not  make, — but  I  didn't  take  what 
would  pay  for  a  pint  of  beer  and  a  bit  of  bread 
and  cheese.  My  rent's  2s.  3d.  a  week  for  one 
room,  and  I've  got  my  own  bits  of  sticks  there. 
always  kept  tfiem,  thank  God!  " 

Generally,  these  dealers  know  little  of  the 
songs  they  sell, — taking  the  printer's  word,  when 
they  purchase,  as  to  "what  was  going."  The 
most  popular  comic  songs  (among  this  class  I 
heard  the  word  song  used  far  more  frequently 
than  ballad)  are  not  sold  so  abundantly  as 
others, — because,  I  was  told,  boys  soon  picked 
them  up  by  heart,  hearing  them  so  often,  and 
so  did  not  buy  them.  Neither  was  there  a 
great  demand  for  nigger  songs,  nor  for  "  flash 
."  but  for  such  productions  as  "A  Life 
on  the  Ocean  Wave,"  "  I'm  Afloat,"  "There's 
a  Good  Time  coming,"  "  Farewell  to  the 
•ain,"  &c.,  &c.  Three- fourths  of  the  cus- 
of  these  traders,  one  man  assured  me, 
were  boys. 

Indecent  songs  are  not  sold  by  the  pinner  s- 
up.  One  man  of  whom  I  made  inquiries  was 
quite  indignant  that  I  should  even  think  it 
necessary  to  ask  such  questions.  The  "  songs  " 
cost  the  pinners-up,  generally,  'Id.  a  dozen, 
some  tin  u- s  '1\<1.,  and  sometimes  less  than  2d., 
according  to  the  quality  of  the  paper  and  the 


-.m-   summer  days  the  wall  song-sellers 
take  2t.  on  an  average.     On  short  wintry  days 

..ay  not   take  half  BO   much,  and  o: 
foggy  or  rainy  days  they  take  nothing  at  all. 
Their  ballads  are  of  the  same  sort  as  those  I 

rl  to  describe  under  einef'al  heads,  and 
have  shown  what  are  of  readiest  sale,     i 

that  each  pinner-up,    thirty    in  number, 
«9W  takes  10*.  (id.   wvwkly  (7«.  bdng  t 
At),  we  find  tii.it  780  guineas  are  yearly  «-x- 
Dended  in  London  street.,  in  the  ballad 
pJnners-up. 


OF  ANCIENT  AND  MODERN  STREET  BALLAI 
MINSTRELSY. 

MR.  STRUTT,  in  his  "  Sports  and  Pastimes  of 
the  People  of  England,"  shows,  as  do  otl»ei 
authorities,  that  hi  the  reigns  subsequent  to  the 
Norman  Conquest  the  minstrels  "  were  per- 
mitted to  perform  in  the  rich  monasteries,  and 
in  the  mansions  of  the  nobility,  which  they 
frequently  visited  in  large  parties,  and  especi- 
ally upon  occasions  of  festivity.  They  entered 
the  castles  without  the  least  ceremony,  rarely 
waiting  for  any  previous  invitation,  and  there 
exhibited  their  performances  for  the  entertain- 
ment of  the  lord  of  the  mansion  and  his  guests. 
They  were,  it  seems,  admitted  without  any 
difficulty,  and  handsomely  rewarded  for  the 
exertion  of  their  talents." 

Of  the  truth  of  this  statement  all  contempo- 
rary history  is  a  corroboration.  The  minstrels 
then,  indeed,  constituted  the  theatre,  the  opera, 
and  the  concert  of  the  powerful  and  wealthy. 
They  were  decried  by  some  of  the  clergy  of 
that  day, — as  are  popular  performers  and  opera 
singers  (occasionally)  by  some  zealous  divine 
in  our  own  era,  John  of  Salisbury  stigmatizes 
minstrels  as  "ministers  of  the  devil." 

"  The  large  gratuities  collected  by  thes» 
artists,"  the  same  antiquarian  writer  further 
says,  "  not  only  occasioned  great  numbers  to 
join  their  fraternity,  but  also  induced  many 
idle  and  dissipated  persons  to  assume  the 
characters  of  minstrels,  to  the  disgrace  of  the 
profession.  These  evils  became  at  last  so  noto- 
rious, that  in  the  reign  of  King  Edward  II.  it 
was  thought  necessary  to  restrain  them  by  a 
public  edict,  which  sufficiently  explains  the 
nature  of  the  grievance.  It  states,  that  many 
indolent  persons,  under  the  colour  of  minstrelsy, 
intruded  themselves  into  the  residences  of  the 
wealthy,  where  they  had  both  meat  and  drink, 
but  were  not  contented  without  the  addition  of 
large  gifts  from  the  householder.  To  restrain 
this  abuse,  the  mandate  ordains,  that  no  person 
should  resort  to  the  houses  of  prelates,  earls, 
or  barons,  to  eat,  or  to  drink,  who  was  not  a 
professed  minstrel ;  nor  more  than  three  or 
four  minstrels  of  honour  at  most  in  one  day 
(meaning,  I  presume,  the  king's  minstrels  of 
honour  and  those  retained  by  the  nobility), 
except  they  came  by  invitation  from  the  lord 
of  the  house." 

The  themes  of  the  minstrels  were  the  triumphs, 
victories,  pageants,  and  great  events  of  the  day  ; 
commingled  with  the  praise,  or  the  satire  of 
individuals,  as  the  humour  of  the  patron  or  of 
the  audience  might  \w  gratified.  It  is  stated 
that  Lontfchamp,  the  favourite  and  justiciary 
of  Richard  CuMir-dc-lion,  not  only  engaged 
poets  to  make  songs  and  poems  in  his,  Bishop 
Longchamp's,  praise,  hut  the  best  singers  and 
minstrels  to  sing  tlirm  in  the  public  sir.  • 

In  the  ninth  year  of  the  reign  of  Edward  IV 
ajjffthfr  royal  edict  was  issued,  as  little  favour- 
able to  i  els  as  the  one  I  have  given 
an  account  of;  and  those  functionaries  seem  te 


296 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


have  gradually  fallen  in  the  estimation  of  the 
public,  and  to  have  been  contemned  by  the 
law,  down  to  the  statute  of  Elizabeth,  already 
alluded  to,  subjecting  them  to  the  same  treat- 
ment as  rogues,  vagabonds,  and  sturdy  beggars. 
A  writer  of  the  period  (1589)  represents  the 
(still-styled)  minstrels,  singing  "  ballads  and 
small  popular  musickes"  for  the  amusement 
of  boys  and  others  "  that  passe  by  them  in  the 
Btreete."  It  is  related  also  that  their  "matters 
were  for  the  most  part  stories  of  old  time;  as  the 
tale  of  Sir  Topas,  Bevis  of  Southampton,  Guy 
of  Warwick,  Adam  Bell,  and  Clymme  of  the 
C lough,  and  such  other  old  romances  or  histo- 
rical rhymes,  made  purposely  for  the  recreation 
of  the  common  people  at  Christmas  dinners  and 
bride  ales,  and  in  tavernes  and  alehouses,  and 
such  other  places  of  base  resort." 

These  "  stories  of  old  time  "  are  now  valuable 
as  affording  illustrations  of  ancient  manners, 
and  have  been  not  unfertile  as  subjects  of  anti- 
quarian annotation. 

Under  the  head  of  the  "  Norman  Minstrels," 
Mr.  Strutt  says :  "  It  is  very  certain  that  the 
poet,  the  songster,  and  the  musician  were 
frequently  united  in  the  same  person." 

From  this  historical  sketcli  it  appears  evident 
that  the  ballad-singer  and  seller  of  to-day  is  the 
sole  descendant,  or  remains,  of  the  minstrel  of 
old,  as  regards  the  business  of  the  streets ; 
he  is,  indeed,  the  minstrel  having  lost  caste,  and 
being  driven  to  play  cheap. 

The  themes  of  the  minstrels  were  wars,  and 
victories,  and  revolutions;  so  of  the  modem 
man  of  street  ballads.  If  the  minstrel  cele- 
brated with  harp  and  voice  the  unhorsings,  the 
broken  bones,  the  deaths,  the  dust,  the  blood, 
and  all  the  glory  and  circumstance  of  a  tour- 
nament,— so  does  the  ballad-seller,  with  voice 
and  fiddle,  glorify  the  feelings,  the  broken  bones, 
the  blood,  the  deaths,  and  all  the  glory  and 
circumstance  of  a  prize-fight  The  minstrel 
did  not  scoff  at  the  madness  which  prevailed  in 
the  lists,  nor  does  the  ballad-singer  at  the 
brutality  which  rules  in  the  ring.  The  minstrels 
had  their  dirges  for  departed  greatness;  the 
ballad-singer,  like  old  Allan  Bane,  also  "pours 
his  wailing  o'er  the  dead" — for  are  there  not  the 
street "  helegies  "  on  all  departed  greatness  ?  In 
the  bestowal  of  flattery  or  even  of  praise  the 
modern  minstrel  is  far  less  liberal  than  was  his 
prototype ;  but  the  laudation  was,  in  the  good  old 
times,  very  often  "  paid  for  "  by  the  person  whom 
it  was  sung  to  honour.  Were  the  same  measure 
applied  to  the  ballad- singer  and  writer  of  to- 
day, there  can  be  no  reason  to  doubt  that  it 
would  be  attendsd  with  the  same  result.  In  his 
satire  the  modern  has  somewhat  of  an  advantage 
over  his  predecessor.  The  minstrel  not  rarely 
received  a  "largesse"  to  satirize  some  one 
obnoxious  to  a  rival,  or  to  a  disappointed  man. 
The  ballad-singer  (or  chaunter,  for  these  re- 
marks apply  with  equal  force  to  both  of  these 
Btreet-profeasionaJs),  is  seldom  hired  to  abuse. 
I  was  told,  indeed,  by  a  clever  chaunter,  that  he 
nad  been  sent  lately  by  a  strange  gentleman  to 


sing  a  song — which  he  and  his  mate  (a  pattercr 
happened  at  the  time  to  be  working — in  front 
of  a  neighbouring  house.  The  song  was  on  the 
rogueries  of  the  turf;  and  the  "move"  had 
a  doubly  advantageous  effect.  "  One  gentle- 
man, you  see,  sir,  gave  us  Is.  to  go  and  sing; 
and  afore  we'd  well  finished  the  chorus,  sor.  /e- 
body  sent  us  from  the  house  another  1*.  to  go 
away  agin."  I  believe  this  to  be  the  only 
way  in  which  the  satire  of  a  ballad-singer  is 
rewarded,  otherwise  than  by  sale  to  his  usual 
class  of  customers  in  the  streets  or  the  public- 
houses.  The  ancient  professors  of  street  min- 
strelsy unquestionably  played  and  sung  satirical 
lays,  depending  for  their  remuneration  on  the 
liberality  of  their  out-of-door  audience  ;  so  is 
it  precisely  with  the  modern.  The  minstrel 
played  both  singly  and  witli  his  fellows;  the 
ballad-singer  "works"  both  alone  (but  not 
frequently)  and  with  his  "  mates "  or  his 
"school." 

In  the  persons  of  some  of  these  modern  street 
professionals,  as  I  have  shown  and  shall  fur- 
ther show,  are  united  the  functions  of  "the 
poet,  the  songster,  and  the  musician."  So  in 
the  days  of  yore.  There  are  now  female  ballad- 
singers  ;  there  were  female  minstrels,  or  glee- 
women.  The  lays  which  were  poured  forth  in 
our  streets  and  taverns  some  centuries  back, 
either  for  the  regalement  of  a  miscellaneous 
assemblage,  or  of  a  select  few,  were  sometimes 
of  an  immoral  tendency.  Such,  it  cannot  be 
denied,  is  the  case  in  our  more  enlightened  days 
at  our  Cyder-cellars,  Coal-holes,  Penny  Gaffs, 
and  such  like  places.  Rarely,  however,  are 
such  things  sung  in  the  streets  of  London  ;  but 
sometimes  at  country  fairs  and  races. 

In  one  respect  the  analogy  between  the  two 
ages  of  these  promoters  of  street  enjoyment  does 
not  hold.  The  minstrel's  garb  was  distinctive. 
It  was  not  always  the  short  laced  tunic,  tight 
trousers,  and  russet  boots,  with  a  well  plumed 
cap, — which  seems  to  be  the  modern  notion  of 
this  tuneful  itinerant.  The  king's  and  queen's 
minstrels  wore  the  royal  livery,  but  so  altered 
as  to  have  removed  from  its  appearance  what 
might  seem  menial.  The  minstrels  of  the 
great  barons  also  assumed  their  patron's  live- 
ries, with  the  like  qualification.  A  minstrel  of 
the  highest  class  might  wear  "  a  fayre  gowne 
of  cloth  of  gold,"  or  a  military  dress,  or  u 
"tawnie  coat,"  or  a'  foreign  costume,  or  even 
an  ecclesiastical  garb, — and  some  of  them  went 
so  far  as  to  shave  their  crowns,  the  better  to 
resemble  monks.  Of  course  they  were  imitated 
by  their  inferiors.  The  minstrel,  then,  wore  a 
particular  dress ;  the  ballad-singer  of  the  pre- 
sent day  wears  no  particular  dress.  During  the 
terrors  of  the  reign  of  Henry  VIII.,  and  after 
the  Reformation,  a  large  body  of  the  minstrel* 
fell  into  meanness  of  attire;  and  in  that  respect 
the  modern  ballad-singer  is  analogous. 

It  must  be  borne  in  mind  that  I  hare  »\\ 
along  spoken — except  when  the  description  «a 
necessarily  general — of  the  street,  or  itinerant, 
minstrel  of  old.  The  highest  professors  wf  th* 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


297 


art  were  poets  and  composers,  men  often  of 
genius,  learning,  and  gravity,  and  were  no  more 
to  be  ranked  with  the  m*ss  of  those  I  have  been 
describing  than  is  Alfred  Tennyson  with  any 
Sinithfield  scribbler  and  bawler  of  some  Newgate 
"  Copy  of  Verses." 

How  long  "Sir  Topas  "  and  the  other  "old 
stories "  continued  to  be  sung  in  the  streets 
there  are  no  means  of  ascertaining.  But  there 
are  old  songs,  as  I  ascertained  from  an  intelli- 
gent and  experienced  street-singer,  still  occa- 
sionally heard  in  the  open  air,  but  more  in  the 
country  than  the  metropolis.  Among  those  still 
lieaid,  however  rarely,  are  the  Earl  of  Dorset's 
.  ri*en  on  the  night  before  a  naval  engage- 
ment with  the  Dutch,  in  1665  : 

"  To  all  you  ladies  now  on  land, 
We  men  at  sea  indite." 

I  give  the  titles  of  the  others,  not  chronolo- 
gically, but  as  they  occurred  to  my  informant's 
recollection — "  A  Cobbler  there    was,   and    he 
iiv'd  in  a  Stall " — Parnell's  song  of  "  My  Days 
•eon  so  wond'rous  Free,"  now  sung  in  the 
to  the  tune  of  Gramachree.-"     A  song 
(of  which  I  could  not  procure  a  copy,  but  my 
informant  had  lately  heard  it  in  the  street)  about 
the  Cock-lane  Ghost — 

••  Now  ponder  well,  you  parents  dear 

The  words  which  I  shall  write ; 
A  doleful  story  you  shall  hear, 
In  time  brought  forth  to  light." 

the  "Children  in  the  Wood"  and  "  Chevy- 
'  Concerning  this  old  ditty  one  man  said 
to  me  :  "  Yes,  sir,  I've  sung  it  at  odd  times  and 
not  long  ago  in  the  north  of  England,  and  I've 
been  asked  whereabouts  Chevy-chase  lay,  but 
I  never  learned." 

"  In  Scarlet  towne.  where  I  was  borne, 

There  was  a  faire  maid  dwellin', 
Made  every  youth  rrye,  AVcll-awaye! 
Her  name  was  Barbara  Allen." 

ara    Allen's   selling   yet,"     I    was   told. 
"  Gilderoy  was  a  Bonnie  Boy,"  is  another  song 

„'  occasionally  in  the  tti 

"  The  ballad,"  says  a  writer  on  the  subject, 
be  considered  as  the  native  species  of 
ooctry  of  this  country.  It  very  exactly  answers 
the  idea  formerly  given  of  original  poetry,  being 
the  rude  uncultivated  verse  in  which  the  popu- 
lar tale  of  the  time  was  recorded.  As  our 
ancestors  partook  •  warlike  cJ 

northern  nations,   the    subjects  of   their 
martial  ex- 
military  i-\' 

••ply  tinctured  with  that  pas- 
the   marvellous,  and  that   super 
•y.  which  always  attend  a  state  «>: 
ranee  and  barbarism.      Many  of  the  ancient 
ballads  have  been  i   to   the   present 

times,  and  in  them  the 
displays  ii-<    : 
The  "  Ilallads  <>: 

mcul- 

versc   in   which  the  popular   tale   <if  tin 
I  what  may  be  t 


racter  of  the  nation  as  displayed  in  them  I  leave 
to  the  reader's  judgment. 

OF  STREET  "BALLADS  ON  A  SUBJECT." 
THERE  is  a  class  of  ballads  which  may  with 
perfect  propriety  be  called  street  ballads,  as 
they  are  written  by  street  authors  for  street 
singing  (or  chaunting)  and  street  sale.  These 
effusions,  however,  are  known  in  the  trade  by 
a  title  appropriate  enough  — "  Ballads  on  a 
Subject."  The  most  successful  workers  in  this 
branch  of  the  profession,  are  the  men  I  have 
already  described  among  the  patterers  and 
chaunters. 

The  "  Ballads  on  a  Subject "  arc  always  on 
a  political,  criminal,  or  exciting  public  event, 
or  one  that  has  interested  the  public,  and  the 
celerity  with  which  one  of  them  is  written,  and 
then  sung  in  the  streets,  is  in  the  spirit  of 
"  these  railroad  times."  After  any  great  event, 
"  a  ballad  on  the  subject  "  is  often  enough 
written,  printed,  and  sung  in  the  street,  in  little 
more  than  an  hour.  Such  was  the  case  with 
a  song  "in  honour,"  it  was  announced,  "of 
Lord  John  Russell's  resignation."  Of  course 
there  is  no  time  for  either  the  correction  of  the 
rhymes  or  of  the  press ;  hut  this  is  regarded  as 
of  little  consequence — while  an  early  "start" 
with  a  new  topic  is  of  great  consequence,  I  am 
assured  ;  "  yes,  indeed,  both  for  the  sake  of 
meals  and  rents."  If,  however,  the  songs  were 
ever  so  carefully  revised,  their  sale  would  not 
be  greater. 

I  need  not  treat  this  branch  of  our  street 
literature  at  any  great  length,  as  specimens  of 
the  "Ballad  on  a  Subject"  will  be  found  in 
many  of  the  preceding  statements  of  paper- 
workers. 

It  will  have  struck  the  reader  that  all  the 
street  lays  quoted  as  popular  have  a  sort  of 
burthen  or  jingle  at  the  end  of  each  verse.  I 
was  corrected,  however,  by  a  street  chaunter  for 
speaking  of  this  burthen  as  a  jingle.  "  It's  a 
chorus,  sir,"  he  said.  "  In  a  proper  ballad  on 
a  subject,  there's  often  twelve  verses,  none  of 
them  under  eight  lines, — and  there  's  a  four- 
line  chorus  to  every  verse;  and,  if  it's  the 
right  sort,  it  '11  sell  the  ballad."  1  was  told,  on 
aJl  hands,  that  it  was  not  the  words  that  evei 
"  made  a  ballad,  but  the  subject  ;  and,  more  than 
the  subject. — the  chorus;  and,  far  more  than 
either, — tln-lntir!"  Indeed,  many  of  the 

»f  ballads  on  a  subject  have  as  supreme 
npt  fur  words  as  can  be  felt  by  any  ino- 
•npo.-cr.  To  select  a  tune  for  a  ballad, 
r,  is  a  matter  of  deep  deliberation.  To 
adapt  the  ballad  to  a  tune  too  common  or  popu- 

imlicioiis;    for  then,  I  was   told,  a: 
ran  sing  it — boys  and  all.     To  select  a  more 
elaborate  and   less-known   air,   howc\er   appro- 
not    be    pleasing   to    some  of  the 

.  l.ool  "  n!'  ballad  'imgl  rs,  Who 

<>:,d    their    vocal    powers; 

may    it    be    relished    by   tbe   critical   in 

Street  song,  whose  approving  criticism   ind  :cei 

chase  as  well  as  to  adn 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  license  enjoyed  by  the  court  jesters,  and, 
in  some  respects,  by  the  minstrels  of  old,  is  cer- 
tainly enjoyed,  undiminished,  by  the  street- 
writers  and  singers  of  ballads  on  a  subject. 
They  are  unsparing  satirists,  who,  with  a  rare 
impartiality,  lash  all  classes  and  all  creeds,  as 
well  as  any  individual.  One  man,  upon  whose 
information  I  can  rely,  told  me  that,  eleven 
years  ago,  he  himself  had  "worked,"  in  town 
a.nd  country,  23  different  songs  at  the  same 
period  and  on  the  same  subject — the  marriage 
of  the  Queen.  They  all  "  sold," — but  the  most 
profitable  was  one  "  as  sung  by  Prince  Albert  in 
character."  It  was  to  the  air  of  the  "  Dusty 
Miller;"  and  "it  was  good,"  said  the  ballad- 
man,  "because  we  could  easily  dress  up  to  the 
character  given  to  Albert"  I  quote  a  verse : 

"  Here  I  am  in  rags 

From  the  land  of  All-dirt, 
To  marry  England's  Queen, 
And  my  name  it  is  Prince  Albert." 

"  And  what's  more,  sir,"  continued  my  inform- 
ant, "  not  very  long  after  the  honeymoon,  the 

Duchess  of  L drove  up  in  her  carriage 

to  the  printer's,  and  bought  all  the  songs  in 
honour  of  Victoria's  wedding,  and  gave  a  sove- 
reign for  them  and  wouldn't  take  the  change. 
It  was  a  duchess.  Why  I'm  sure  about  it— 
though  I  can't  say  whether  it  were  the  Duchess 

of  L or  S ;  for  didn't  the  printer,  like 

an  honest  man,  when  he  'd  stopped  the  price  of 
the  papers,  hand  over  to  us  chaps  the  balance  to 
drink,  and  didn't  we  drink  it !  There  can't  be 
a  mistake  about  that." 

Of  street  ballads  on  political  subjects,  or 
upon  themes  which  have  interested  the  whole 
general  public,  I  need  not  cite  additional  in- 
stances. There  are,  however,  other  subjects, 
which,  though  not  regarded  as  of  great  interest 
by  the  whole  body  of  the  people  are  still  event- 
ful among  certain  classes,  and  for  them  the 
street  author  and  ballad-singer  cater. 

I  first  give  a  specimen  of  a  ballad  on  a  Thea- 
trical Subject.  The  best  I  find,  in  a  large 
collection  of  these  street  efrusions,  is  entitled 
"  Jenny  Lind  and  Poet  B."  After  describing 
how  Mr.  Bunn  "  flew  to  Sweden  "  and  engaged 
Miss  Lind,  the  poet  proceeds, — the  tune  being 
"  Lucy  Long"  : 

"  After  Jenny  sign'd  the  paper, 
She  repented  what  she'd  done, 
And  said  she  must  have  been  a  cake, 
To  be  tempted  by  A.  Bunn. 
The  English  tongue  she  must  decline, 
It  was  such  awkward  stuff, 
And  we  find  'mongst  our  darling  dames, 
That  one  tongue's  quite  enough. 

CHORUS. 

So  take  your  time  Miss  Jenny, 
Oh,  take  your  time  Miss  Lind, 
You're  only  to  raise  your  voice, 
John  Bull,  will  raise  the  wind. 

Says  Alfred  in  the  public  eye, 
My  name  you  shan't  degrade, 
So  birds  that  can  and  won't  sing 
Why  in  course  they  must  be  made 
This  put  Miss  Jenny's  pipe  out, 
toys  Bunn  your  tricks  I  see, 


Altho'  you  are  a  Nightingale, 
You  shan't  play  larks  with  me. 

The  Poet  said  he'd  seek  the  law, 

No  chance  away  he'd  throw ; 

Says  Jenny  if  you  think  I'll  come, 

You'll  find  it  is  no  go! 

When  a  bird-catcher  named  'Lummy 

With  independence  big, 

Pounced  down  upon  the  Nightingale, 

And  with  her  hopp'd  the  twig!" 

I  am  inclined  to  think — though  I  know  it  to 
be  an  unusual  case — that  in  this  theatrical  ballad 
the  street  poet  was  what  is  tenderly  called  a 
"  plagiarist."  I  was  assured  by  a  chaunter  that 
it  was  written  by  a  street  author, — but  probably 
the  chaunter  was  himself  in  error  or  forget- 
fulness. 

Next,  there  is  the  Ballad  on  a  Civic  Subject. 
In  the  old  times  the  Lord  Mayor  had  his 
laureate.  This  writer,  known  as  "  poet  to  the 
City  of  London,"  eulogised  all  lord  mayors,  and 
glorified  all  civic  pageants.  That  of  the  9th 
November,  especially,  "  lived  in  Settle's  num- 
bers, one  day  more," — but  Elkanah  Settle  was 
the  last  of  such  scribes.  After  his  death,  the 
city  eschewed  a  poet  The  office  has  now  de- 
scended to  the  street  bard,  who  annually  cele- 
brates the  great  ceremony.  I  cite  two  stanzas 
and  the  chorus  from  the  latest  of  these  civic 
Odes: 

"  Now  Farncombe's  out  and  Musgrove's  in, 

And  grand  is  his  position, 
Because  he  will  be  made  a  king. 

At  the  Hyde  Park  Exhibition  ; 
A  feast  he'll  order  at  Guildhall, 

For  hypocrites  and  sinners, 
And  he  has  sent  Jack  Forester  to  Rome, 

To  invite  the  Pope  to  dinner ! 

A  day  like  this  we  never  saw, 

Thi-  truth  I  am  confessing, 
Batty's  astonishing  menagerie, 

Is  in  the  great  procession  ; 
There's  lions,  timers,  bears  and  wolves, 

To  please  each  smiling  feature, 
And  elephants  in  harness  drawing 

Drury  Lane  Theatre ! 


"  It  is  not  as  it  used  to  be, 

Cut  on  so  gay  and  thrifty, 
The  fanny  Lord  Mayor's  Show  to  see, 
In  eighteen  hundred  and  fifty." 

There  is,  beside  the  descriptions  of  balladi 
above  cited,  the  Ballad  Local.  One  of  these  is 
headed  the  "  Queer  Doings  in  Leather-lane," 
and  is  on  a  subject  concerning  which  street- 
sellers  generally  express  themselves  strongly — 
Sunday  trading.  The  endeavour  to  stop  street 
trading  (generally)  in  Leather -lane,  with  iti 
injurious  results  to  the  shopkeepers,  has  been 
already  mentioned.  The  ballad  on  this  locaj 
subject  presents  a  personality  now,  happil*v  *!• 
most  confined  to  the  street  writers  : 

"  A  rummy  saintly  lot  is  there, 

A  domineering  crew, 
A  Butcher,  and  a  Baker, 

And  an  Undertaker  too, 
Besides  a  cove  who  deals  in  wood, 

And  makes  his  bundles  small, 
And  looks  as  black  on  Sunday 

As  the  Undertaker's  pall. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


20S 


CHORUS. 

lou  must  not  buy,  you  must  not  sell, 

Oh  !  is  it  not  a  shame  f 
It  is  a  shocking  place  to  dwell, 

About  sweet  Leather  Lane. 

The  Butcher  does  not  like  to  hear 

His  neighbours  holloa,  buy ! 
Although  he  on  the  Sunday 

Sells  a  little  on  the  sly ; 
And  the  Coffin  Maker  struts  alor.g 

Just  like  the  great  Lord  Mayor, 
To  bury  folks  on  Sundays, 

Instead  of  going  to  prayers." 

There  are  yet  three  themes  of  these  street 
songs,  of  which,  though  they  have  been  alluded 
to,  no  specimens  have  been  given.  I  now  supply 
them.  The  first  is  the  election  ballad.  I  quote 
two  stanzas  from  "  Middlesex  and  Victory  !  or, 
Grosvenor  and  Osborne  for  ever  !" 
"Now  Osborne  is  the  man 

To  struggle  for  your  rights, 
He  will  vote  against  the  Bishops, 
You  know,  both  day  and  night, 
He  will  strive  to  crush  the  Poor  Law  Bill, 

And  that  with  all  his  might, 

And  he  will  never  give  his  vote 

To  ;.art  a  man  from  his  wife. 

CHORUS. 

Then  cheer  Osborne  and  Lord  Grosvenor, 

Cheer  them  with  three  times  three, 
For  they  beat  the  soldier,  Tommy  Wood, 
And  gained  the  victory. 
I  have  not  forgot  Lord  Grosvenor, 

Who  nobly  stood  the  test, 
For  the  electors  of  great  Middlesex 

I  know  he'll  do  his  best ; 
He  will  pull  old  Nosey  o'er  the  coals, 

And  lay  him  on  his  back, 
And  he  swears  that  little  Bob's  head 

He  will  shove  into  a  rat  trap." 

Then  come  the  "  elegies."  Of  three  of  these 
I  cite  the  opening  stanza.  That  on  the  "  Death 
of  Queen  Adelaide"  has  for  an  illustration  a 
figure  of  Britannia  leaning  on  her  shield,  with 
tin-  •'  Muse  of  History,"  (as  I  presume  from  her 
attributes,)  at  Britannia's  feet.  In  the  distance 
is  the  setting  sun  : 

"  Old  Enpland  may  weep,  her  bright  hopes  are  fled, 

The  friend  of  the  poor  is  no  more ; 
For  Adelaide  now  is  numbered  with  the  dead, 

And  her  loss  we  shall  sadly  deplore. 
For  though  noble  her  birth,  and  high  was  her  station 
The  poor  of  this  nation  will  miss  her, 

•  .t-ir  wants  she  relieved  without  ostentation, 
But  now  she  is  gone,  God  bless  her  ! 
God  bless  her !  God  bless  her ! 
But  now  she  is  gone,  God  bless  her ! " 
The  elegy  on  ti  of  the  Right  Ho- 

nourable  Sir  Ilobcrt  Peel,   Hart.  M.I'.,"  is  set 
'h  a  w:ry  fair  portrait  of  that 
.-mnial  Britannia!  what  makes  thee  com  plain, 
O  why  so  in  sorrow  rein 
Old  England  is  lost,  we  are  born  down  in  pain, 

And  the  nation  in  grief  is  lamenting. 
That  excellent  man— the  pride  of  the  land, 

ie  poMMMd  him, 

Is  cone  to  that  Home,  from  whence  no  one  returns, 
>ar  friend,  Sr  :  rest  him. 

verses   which    bewail  ;h    of 

ke  of  Cambridge,"  and  which 
are  adorned  with  the  same  illustr. 
upon  Queen  Adelaide,  begin 

icath.  thou  art  severe,  and 
Piiaec  Adolphus  Frederick  is  summoned  away, 


The  death  of  Royal  Cambridge  in  sorrow  lamented, 
Like  the  good  Sir  Robert  Peel,  he  no  longer  coi  Id 

stay; 

His  virtues  were  good,  and  noble  was  his  actions, 
His  presence  at  all  places  caused  much  attraction, 
Britannia  for  her  loss  is  driven  to  distraction, 
Royal  Cambridge,  we'll  behold  thee  no  more  !  " 

The  third  class  of  street-ballads  relates  t( 
fires."  The  one  I  quote,  "  On  the  Awful  Firf 
at  B.  Gaunt'  s,  in  St  Martin'  s-lane,"  is  preceded 
by  an  engraving  of  a  lady  and  a  cavalier,  the 
lady  pointing  to  a  column  surmounted  by  an 
urn.  I  again  give  the  first  stanza  : 

11  1  will  unfold  a  tale  of  sorrow, 

List,  you  tender  parents  dear, 
It  will  thrill  each  breast  with  horror, 

When  the  dreadful  tale  you  hear. 
Early  on  last  Wednesday  morning, 

A  raging  fire  as  we  may  see, 
Did  occur,  most  sad  and  awful, 

Between  the  hours  of  two  and  three." 

In  a  subsequent  stanza  are  four  lines,  not  with- 
out some  rough  pathos,  and  adapted  to  move 
the  feelings  of  a  street  audience.  The  writer  is 
alluding  to  the  grief  of  the  parents  who  had  lost 
two  children  by  a  terrible  death  : 

"  No  more  their  smiles  they'll  be  beholding, 

No  more  their  pretty  faces  see, 
No  more  to  their  bosoms  will  they  fold  them, 
Oh  !  what  must  their  feelings  be." 

I  find  no  difference  in  style  between  the  bal- 
lads on  a  subject  of  to-day,  and  the  oldest  which 
I  could  obtain  a  sight  of,  which  were  suii£  in 
the  present  generation  —  except  that  these  poems 
now  begin  far  less  frequently  with  what  at  one 
time  was  as  common  as  an  invocation  to  the 
Muse  —  the  invitation  to  good  Christians  to  attend 
to  the  singer.  One  on  the  Sloanes,  however, 
opens  in  the  old  fashion  : 

"  Come  all  good  Christians  and  give  attention, 

Unto  these  lines  I  will  unfold, 
With  heartfelt  feelings  to  you  I'll  mention, 
I'm  sure  'twill  make  your  blood  run  cold." 

I  now  conclude  tlu's  account  of  street-ballads 
on  a  subject  with  two  verses  from  one  on 
the  subject  of  "The  Glorious  Fight  for  the 
Championship  of  England."  The  celebration 
of  these  once-popular  encounters  is,  as  I  have 
already  stated,  one  of  the  points  in  which  the 
modern  ballad-man  emulates  his  ancient  brother 
minstrel  : 

"  On  the  ninth  day  of  September, 

I'.i^hteen  liumiml  ami  1'nriy  live, 
From  London  down  to  Nottingham 

The  roads  were  all  alive  ; 
Oh  I  such  a  sight  was  never  seen, 

Believe  me  it  is  so, 

Tens  of  thousands  went  to  sec  the  fittht, 
With  ('aunt  and 


Ami  near  to  Newport  Pagnell, 

Those  men  did  stri|>  M>  line, 
!     n  ('.unit  stood  MX  ii-.-t  two  and  •  half, 
And  HCIK!I;:O  live  loot  nine; 

I 

And  made  the  claret  How, 
And  h<-  KM  IIKM!  fully  determined 
Soon  to  conquer  Bendigo. 

caoaus. 

it  away  and  slash  awij, 
80  manfully  you  »ce, 

.s  lost  and  Hendigo 
Has  gained  the  victory." 


300 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOh. 


OF  THE  STREET  POETS  AND  AUTHORS. 

Authorship,  for  street  sale,  is  chiefly  confined 
to  the  production  of  verse,  which,  whatever  be 
its  nature,  is  known  through  the  trade  as 
"  ballads."  Two  distinctions,  indeed,  are  recog- 

nisecl "Ballads"  and  "  Ballads  on  a  Subject." 

The  last-mentioned  is,  as  I  have  said  and 
shown,  the  publication  which  relates  to  any 
specific  event;  national  or  local,  criminal  or 
merely  extraordinary,  true  or  false.  Under  the 
head  "  Ballads,"  the  street-sellers  class  all  that 
does  not  come  under  the  description  of  "  Ballads 
on  a  Subject." 

The  same  street  authors — now  six  in  number — 
compose  indiscriminately  any  description  of  bal- 
lad, including  the  copy  of  verses  I  have  shown  to 
be  required  as  a  necessary  part  of  all  histories 
or  trials  of  criminals.  When  the  printer  has  de- 
termined upon  a  "  Sorrowful  Lamentation,"  he 
sends  to  a  poet  for  a  copy  of  verses,  which  is 
promptly  supplied.  The  payment  I  have  al- 
ready mentioned — Is. ;  but  sometimes,  if  the 
printer  (and  publisher)  like  the  verses,  he 
"  throws  a  penny  or  two  over;"  and  sometimes 
also,  in  case  of  a  great  sale,  there  is  the  same 
over-sum. 

Fewer  ballads,  I  was  assured,  than  was  the 
case  ten  or  twelve  years  ago,  are  now  written 
expressly  for  street  sale  or  street  minstrelsy. 
"  They  come  to  the  printer,  for  nothing,  from 
the  concert-room.  He  has  only  to  buy  a  '  Ross ' 
or  a  '  Sharp '  "  [song-books]  "  for  Id.,  and  there's 
a  lot  of  'em;  so,  in  course,  a  publisher  ain't 
a-going  to  give  a  bob,  if  he  can  be  served  for  a 
farthing,  just  by  buying  a  song-book." 

Another  man,  himself  not  a  "  regular  poet," 
but  a  little  concerned  in  street  productions,  said 
to  me,  with  great  earnestness :  "  Now  look  at 
this,  sir,  and  I  hope  you'll  just  say,  sir,  as  I  tell 
you.  You've  given  the  public  a  deal  of  informa- 
tion about  men  like  me,  and  some  of  our  chaps 
abuses  you  for  it  like  mad;  but  I  say  it's  all 
right,  for  it's  all  true.  Now  you'll  have  learned, 
sir,  or,  any  way,  you  will  learn,  that  there's 
songs  sung  in  the  streets,  and  sometimes  in  some 
tap-rooms,  that  isn't  decent,  and  relates  to 
nothing  but  wickedness.  There  wasn't  a  few  of 
those  songs  once  written  for  the  streets,  straight 
away,  and  a  great  sale  they  had,  I  know — but  far 
better  at  country  fairs  and  races  than  in  town. 
Since  the  singing- ho  uses — I  don't  mean  where 
you  pay  to  go  to  a  concert,  no !  but  such  as  your 
Cyder- cellars,  and  your  night-houses,  where 
there's  lords,  and  gentlemen,  and  city  swells, 
and  young  men  up  from  the  colleges — since 
these  places  has  been  up  so  flourishing,  there 
hasn't,  I  do  believe,  been  one  such  song  written 
by  one  of  our  poets.  They  all  come  from  the 
places  where  the  lords,  and  genelmen,  and  col- 
legians is  capital  customers ;  and  they  never  was 
a  worse  sort  of  ballads  than  now.  In  course  those 
houses  is  licensed,  and  perticler  respectable,  or 
it  wouldn't  be  allowed;  and  if  I  was  to  go  to 
the  foot  of  the  bridge,  sir  (Westminster-bridge), 
Mid  chaunt  any  such  songs,  and  my  mate  should 


sell  them,  why  we  should  very  soon  be  (aldng 
reg'lar  exercise  en  Colonel  Chesterton's  eftr- 
lasting  staircase.  We  has  a  great  respect  for 
the  law — O,  certainly!" 

Parodies  on  any  very  popular  song,  which 
used  to  be  prepared  expressly  for  street  trade, 
are  now,  in  like  manner,  derived  from  the  night- 
house  01  the  concert-room ;  but  not  entirely  so. 
The  parody  "  Cab,  cab,  cab  !"  which  was  heard 
in  almost  every  street,  was  originated  in  a  con- 
cert-room. 

The  ballads  which  have  lately  been  written, 
and  published  expressly  for  the  street  sale,  and 
have  proved  the  most  successful,  are  parodies  or 
imitations  of  "  The  Gay  Cavalier."  One  street 
ballad,  commencing  in  the  following  words,  was, 
I  am  told,  greatly  admired,  both  in  the  street! 
and  the  public-houses . 

"  'Twas  a  dark  foggy  night, 
And  the  moon  gave  no  light, 

And  the  stars  were  all  put  in  the  shade: 
When  leary  Joe  Scott, 
Dealt  in  '  Donovan's  hot ' 

Said  he'd  go  to  court  his  fair  maid." 

I  now  give  three  stanzas  of  "  The  Way  to 
Live  Happy  Together," — a  ballad  said  to  have 
been  written  expressly  for  street  sale.  Its  popu- 
larity is  anything  but  discreditable  to  the  street- 
buyers  . 

"  From  the  time  of  this  world's  first  formation 

You  will  find  it  has  been  the  plan, 
In  every  country  and  nation, 

That  woman  was  formed  to  please  man; 
And  man  for  to  love  and  protect  them, 

And  shield  them  from  the  frowns  of  the  world, 
Through  the  smooth  paths  of  life  to  direct  them, 

And  he  who  would  do  less  is  a  churl. 

Then  listen  to  me! 
If  you  would  live  happy  together, 

As  you  steer  through  the  troubles  of  life, 
Depend  that  this  world's  greatest  treasure, 

Is  a  kind  and  a  good-tempered  wife. 

Some  men  will  ill-use  a  good  woman, 

And  say  all  they  do  turns  out  wrong, 
But  as  I  mean  to  offend  no  one, 

You'll  find  faults  to  both  sides  belong ; 
But  if  both  were  to  look  at  the  bright  side, 

And  each  other's  minds  cease  to  pain, 
They  would  find  they  have  looked  at  the  right  sid$ 

For  all  would  be  summer  again. 

Then  listen  to  me  ! 
If  you  would  live  happy  together,  &c. 

Married  women,  don't  gossip  or  tattle, 

Remember  it  oft  stirs  up  strife, 
But  attend  to  your  soft  children's  soft  prattle, 

And  the  duties  of  mother  and  wife. 
And  men,  if  you  need  recreation, 

With  selfish  companions  don't  roam, 
Who  might  lead  you  to  sad  degradation, 

But  think  of  your  comforts  at  home. 

Then  listen  to  me ! 
If  you  would  live  happy  together,  &c." 

"  It's  all  as  one,  sir,"  was  the  answer  of  a  man 
whom  I  questioned  on  the  subject;  "it's  the 
same  poet ;  and  the  same  tip  for  any  ballaJ. 
No  more  nor  a  bob  for  nothing." 

A  large  number  of  ballads  which  I  procured, 
and  all  sold  and  sung  in  the  street,  though  not 
written  expressly  for  the  purpose,  presented  a 
curious  study  enough.  They  were  of  every 
class.  I  specify  a  few,  to  si  ow  the  nature  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


301 


the  collection  (not  including  ballads  on  a  sub- 
ject) :  "  Ye  Banks  and  Braes  o'  Bonnie  Doun," 
with  (on  the  same  sheet)  "  The  Merry  Fid- 
dler," (an  indecent  song) — "  There's  a  good 
Time  coining,  Boys,"  "  Nix,  my  Dolly,"  "  The 
Girls  of shire,"  (which  of  course  is  avail- 
able for  any  county)  — "  Widow  Mahoney," 
"  Remember  the  Glories  of  Brian  the  Brave," 
"  Clementina  Clennnins,"  "  Lucy  Long," 
"  Erin  Go  Bragh,"  "  Christmas  in  1850," 
"The  Death  of  Nelson,"  "The  Life  and 
Adventures  of  Jemmy  Sweet,"  "  The  Young 
May  Moon,"  "Hail  to  the  Tyrol,"  "He  was 
sich  a  Lushy  Cove,"  &c.  \o. 

I  may  here  mention — but  a  fuller  notice  may 
be  necessary  when  I  treat  of  street  art — that 
some  of  these  ballads  have  an  "  illustration  " 
always  at  the  top  of  the  column.  "  The  Heart 
that  can  Feel  for  Another"  is  illustrated  by  a 
gaunt  and  savage- looking  lion.  "  The  Amorous 
Waterman  of  St.  John's  Wood,"  presents  a 
-hort,  obese,  and  bow-legged  grocer,  in 
top-boots,  standing  at  his  door,  while  a  lady  in 
a  huge  bonnet  is  "  taking  a  sight  at  him,"  to 
the  evident  satisfaction  of  a  "  baked  'later"  man. 
"Rosin  the  Beau"  is  heralded  by  the  rising 
sun.  "The  Poachers"  has  a  cut  of  the  Royal 
Exchange  above  the  title.  "  The  Miller's 
Ditty  "  is  illustrated  by  a  perfect  dandy,  of 
the  slimmest  and  straightest  fashion ;  and 
11  I  was  first  Breeched,"  by  an  engrav- 
ing of  a  Highlander.  Many  of  the  ballads,  how- 
ever, have  engravings  appropriate  enough. 

OP  THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  STREET  AUTHOR, 

OR  POET. 

I  have  already  mentioned  the  present  number 
of  street  authors,  as  I  most  frequently  heard 
them  styled,  though  they  write  only  verses.  I 
called  upon  one  on  the  recommendation  of  a 
neighbouring  tradesman,  of  whom  I  made  some 
inquirii •*.  He  could  not  tell  me  the  number  of 
the  house  in  the  court  where  the  man  lived,  but 
had  only  to  inquire  for  the  Tinker,  or 
the  Poet,  and  any  one  would  tell  me. 

I  found  the  poor  poet,  who  bears  a  good  cha- 
racter, on  a  sick  bed  ;  he  was  suffering,  and  had 
long  been  suflering,  from  abscesses.     He  was  ap- 
parently about  forty-live,  with  the  sunk 
hollow  cheeks,  and,  not  pale  but  thick  and  rather 
•allow  complexion,  which  indicate  ill-health  and 
•cant  food.     He  spoke  quietly,  and  ex; 
resignation.     His  room  wag  not  very  small,  and 
Was  furnished   in  the  way  usual  among  t. 
poor,  but  there  were  a  few  old  pictures  over  the 

His  eldest  i>oy,  a  lad  of  r 

•r  fourteen,  was  making  dog- c  lichhe 

earned  a  shilling  or  two,  sometimes  2s.  < 
sale  in  the  streets. 

was  born  at  Newcastle 
man  said,  "  but  was  brought  to  I. 
I  believe,  I  wan  only  three  months  old.      1 

i:ng  poems,   in  my  youth,  as 
. 

erhaps  it  was  that  put  it 
Ato  my  head  to  write  them  afterwards.     I  was 


taught  wire-working,  and  jobbing,  and  was 
brought  up  to  hawking  wire- work  in  the  streets, 
and  all  over  England  and  Wales.  It  was  never 
a  very  good  trade — just  a  living.  Many  and 
many  a  weary  mile  we've  travelled  together, — I 
mean,  my  wife  and  I  have  :  and  we've  some- 
times been  benighted,  and  had  to  wander  or  resi 
about  until  morning.  It  wasn't  that  we  hadn't 
money  to  pay  for  a  lodging,  but  we  couldn't  get 
one.  We  lost  count  of  the  days  sometimes  in 
wild  parts ;  but  if  we  did  lose  count,  or  thought 
we  had,  I  could  always  tell  when  it  was  Sunday 
morning  by  the  look  of  nature;  there  was  a 
mystery  and  a  beauty  about  it  as  told  me.  I 
was  very  fond  of  Goldsmith's  poetry  always, 
I  can  repeat '  Edwin  and  Emma '  now.  No,  sir ; 
I  never  read  the  '  Vicar  of  Wakefield.'  I  found 
'  Edwin  and  Emma'  in  a  book  called  the 
*  Speaker.'  I  often  thought  of  it  in  travelling 
through  some  parts  of  the  country. 

"  Above  fourteen  years  ago  I  tried  to  make  a 
shilling  or  two  by  selling  my  verses.  I'd  written 
plenty  before,  but  made  nothing  by  them.     In- 
deed I  never  tried.     The  first  song  1  ever  sold 
was  to  a  concert-room  manager.     The  next  I 
sold  had  great  success.  It  was  called  the '  Demon 
of  the  Sea,'  and  was  to  the  tune  of  '  The  Brave 
Old  Oak.'    Do  I  remember  how  it  began  ?  Yes, 
sir,  I  remember  every  word  of  it.     It  began  : 
Unfurl  the  sails, 
We've  easy  gales; 
And  helmsman  steer  aright, 
Hoist  the  grim  death's  head — 

The  Pirate's  head— 
For  a  vessel  heaves  in  sight ! 

That  song  was  written  for  a  concert-room,  but 
it  was  soon  in  the  streets,  and  ran  a  whole  winter. 
I  got  only  Is.  for  it.  Then  I  wrote  the  '  Pirate 
of  the  Isles,'  and  other  ballads  of  that  sort.  The 
concert-rooms  pay  no  better  than  the  printers 
for  the  streets. 

"  Perhaps  the  best  thing  I  ever  wrote  was  the 
'  Husband's  Dream.'  I'm  very  sorry  indeed 
that  1  can't  offer  you  copies  of  some  of  my 
ballads,  but  I  haven't  a  single  copy  myself  of 
any  of  them,  not  one,  and  I  dare  say  I've 
written  a  thousand  in  my  time,  and  most  of 
them  were  printed.  I  believe  10, 000  were  sold 
ot'th.-  '  Husband's  Dream.'  It  begins: 

0  Dermot,  you  look  healthy  now, 
Your  dress  is  neat  and  clean; 

1  never  sec  you  drunk  about, 
Then  lull  me  where  you've  been. 

Your  wife  and  family— are  they  wellt 
You  oiire  did  use  them  strange: 

O,  are  you   kinder  to  them  ^rown, 
How  came   this  happy  change? 

'    Then    Dermot    tells  how  he   dreamed  of  his 
idihn  death,  and  his  childrens'  misery  a* 
they  cricil    abmit    her  dead  body,  while  he  was 
drunk  in  bed,  and  as  he  calls  out  in  his  misery, 
he  wakes,  and  fit.  l>y  his  side.     The 

ballad  • 

4 1  preyed  her  to  my  throbbing  hetrt, 

Whilst  joyous  tears  did  tti 
Ami  .ivcn  blest, 

For  tending  me  that  dream.' 


302 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOS. 


"  Dermot  turned  teetotaller.  The  teetotallers 
were  very  much  pleased  with  that  song.  The 
printer  once  sent  me  5s.  on  account  of  it. 

"  I  have  written  all  sorts  of  things — ballads 
on  a  subject,  and  copies  of  verses,  and  any- 
thing ordered  of  me,  or  on  anything  I  thought 
would  be  accepted,  but  now  I  can't  get  about. 
I've  been  asked  to  write  indecent  songs,  but  I 
refused.  One  man  offered  me  5s.  for  six  such 
songs. — 'Why,  that's  less  than  the  common 
price,'  said  I, '  instead  of  something  over  to  pay 
for  the  wickedness.' — All  those  sort  of  songs 
come  now  to  the  streets,  I  believe  all  do,  from 
the  concert-rooms.  I  can  imitate  any  poetry. 
1  don't  recollect  any  poet  I've  imitated.  No, 
sir,  not  Scott  or  Moore,  that  I  know  of,  but  if 
they've  written  popular  songs,  then  I  dare  say 
1  have  imitated  them.  Writing  poetry  is  no 
comfort  to  me  in  my  sickness.  It  might  if  I 
could  write  just  what  I  please.  The  printers 
like  hanging  subjects  best,  and  I  don't.  But 
when  any  of  them  sends  to  order  a  copy  of 
verses  for  a  '  Sorrowful  Lamentation '  of  course 
I  must  supply  them.  I  don't  think  much  of 
what  I've  done  that  way.  If  I'd  my  own  fancy, 
I'd  keep  writing  acrostics,  such  as  one  I  wrote 
on  our  rector."  "  God  bless  him,"  interrupted 
the  wife,  "he's  a  good  man."  "That  he  is," 
said  the  poet,  "but  he's  never  seen  what  I  wrote 
about  him,  and  perhaps  never  will."  He  then 
desired  his  wife  to  reach  him  his  big  Bible,  and 
out  of  it  he  handed  me  a  piece  of  paper,  with 
the  following  lines  written  on  it,  in  a  small  neat 
hand  enough : 

"  C  elestial  blessings  hover  round  his  head, 
II  undreds  of  poor,  by  his  kindness  were  fed, 
A  nd  precepts  taught  which  he  himself  obeyed. 
M  an,  erring  man,  brought  to  the  fold  of  God, 
P  reaching  pardon  through  a  Saviour's  blood. 
N  o  lukewarm  priest,  but  finn  to  Heaven's  cause; 
E  xamples  showed  how  much  he  loved  its  laws. 
Y  outh  and  age,  he  to  their  wants  attends, 
S  teward  of  Christ — the  poor  man's  sterling  friend." 

"There  would  be  some  comfort,  sir,"  he  con- 
tinued, "  if  one  could  go  on  writing  at  will  like 
that.  As  it  is,  I  sometimes  write  verses  all  over 
a  slate,  and  rub  them  out  again.  Live  hard ! 
yes,  indeed,  we  do  live  hard.  I  hardly  know 
the  taste  of  meat.  We  live  on  bread  and  butter, 
and  tea;  no,  not  any  fish.  As  you  see,  sir,  I 
work  at  tinning.  I  put  new  bottoms  into  old 
tin  tea-pots,  and  such  like.  Here's  my  sort  of 
bench,  by  my  poor  bit  of  a  bed.  In  the  best 
weeks  I  earn  4s.  by  tinning,  never  higher.  In 
bad  weeks  I  earn  only  Is.  by  it,  and  sometimes 
not  that, — and  there  are  more  shilling  than  four 
shilling  weeks  by  three  to  one.  As  to  my 
poetry,  a  good  week  is  3s.,  and  a  poor  week  is 
1*. — and  sometimes  I  make  nothing  at  all  that 
way.  So  I  leave  you  to  judge,  sir,  whether  we 
live  hard ;  for  the  comings  in,  and  what  we  have 
from  the  parish,  must  keep  six  of  us — myself, 
my  wife,  and  four  children.  It's  a  long,  hard 
btruggle."  "Yes,  indeed,"  said  the  wife,  "it's 
lust  as  you've  heard  my  husband  tell,  sir. 
We've  2s.  a  week  and  four  loaves  of  bread  from 
the  parish,  ai  d  the  rent  's  2.v.  6V/.,  and  the  land- 


;oid  every  week  has  2s.,— and  6d.  he  has  don* 
for  him  in  tinning  work.  Oh,  we  do  live  hard, 
indeed." 

As  I  was  taking  my  leave,  the  poor  man 
expressed  a  desire  that  I  would  take  a  copy  of 
an  epitaph  which  he  had  written  for  himself. 
"  If  ever,"  he  said,  "  I  am  rich  enough  to  pro- 
vide  for  a  tomb-stone,  or  my  family  is  rich 
enough  to  give  me  one,  this  shall  be  my  epi- 
taph" [I  copied  it  from  a  blank  page  in  his 

"  Stranger,  pause,  a  moment  stay, 
Tread  lightly  o'er  this  mound  of  clay. 

Here  lies  J H ,  in  hopes  to  rise, 

And  meet  his  Saviour  in  the  skies. 
Christ  his  refuge,  Heaven  his  home, 
Where  pain  and  sorrow  never  come. 
His  journey's  done,  his  trouble's  ptst, 
With  God  he  sleeps  in  peace  at  last." 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  BROAD-SHEETS. 
THE  broad-sheet  known  in  street-sale  is  an  un- 
folded sheet,  varying  in  size,  and  printed  on  one 
side.  The  word  is  frequently  used  to  signify  an 
account  of  a  murder  or  execution,  but  it  may 
contain  an  account  of  a  fire,  an  "  awful  accident 
and  great  loss  of  life,"  a  series  of  conundrums, 
as  in  those  called  "  Nuts  to  Crack,"  a  comic  or 
intended  comic  engraving,  with  a  speech  or  some 
verses,  as  recently  in  satire  of  the  Pope  and 
Cardinal  Wiseman  (these  are  sometimes  called 
"comic  exhibitions"),  or  a  "bill  of  the  play." 
The  "cocks"  are  more  frequently  a  smaller 
size  than  the  broad-sheet. 

The  sellers  of  these  articles  (play-bills  ex- 
cepted),  are  of  the  class  I  have  described  as 
patterers.  The  play-bill  sellers  are  very  rarely 
patterers  on  other  "paper  work."  Some  of 
them  are  on  the  look-out  during  the  day  for  a 
job  in  porterage  or  such  like,  but  they  are  not 
mixed  up  with  any  pattering, — and  a  regular 
patterer  looks  down  upon  a  play-bill  seller  as  a 
poor  creature,  "fit  for  nothing  but  play-bills." 
I  now  proceed  to  describe  such  of  these  classes 
as  have  not  been  previously  given. 

OF  THE  "GALLOWS"   LITERATURE  OF  THF. 

STREETS. 

UNDER  this  head  I  class  all  the  street-sold 
publications  which  relate  to  the  hanging  of 
malefactors.  That  the  question  is  not  of  any 
minor  importance  must  be  at  once  admitted, 
when  it  is  seen  how  very  extensive  a  portion  of 
the  reading  of  the  poor  is  supplied  by  th* 
"Sorrowful  Lamentations"  and  "Last  Dying 
Speech,  Confession,  and  Execution"  of  crim' 
nals.  One  paper-worker  told  me,  that  in  some 
small  and  obscure  villages  ha  Norfolk,  which,  he 
believed,  were  visited  only  by  himself  in  his  line, 
it  was  not  very  uncommon  for  two  poor  families 
to  club  for  Id.  to  purchase  an  execution  broad- 
sheet !  Not  long  after  Rush  was  hung,  he  saw, 
one  evening  after  dark,  through  the  uncurtained 
cottage  window,  eleven  persons,  young  and  old, 
gathered  round  a  scanty  fire,  which  was  mad* 
to  blaze  by  being  fed  with  a  few  sticks.  An  oJd 
man  was  reading,  to  an  attentive  audience,  • 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


303 


broad- sheet  of  Rush's  execution,  which  my 
informant  had  sold  to  him  ;  lie  read  by  the 
fire- light ;  for  the  very  poor  in  those  Tillages,  I 
was  told,  rarely  lighted  a  candle  on  a  spring 
evening,  saying  that  "a  hit  o'  fire  was  good 
enough  to  talk  by."  The  sce^e  must  have 
been  impressive,  for  it  had  evidently  somewhat 
impressed  the  perhaps  not  very  susceptible  mind 
of  my  informant. 

The  procedure  on  the  occasion  of  a  "  good  " 
murder,  or  of  a  murder  expected  to  "  turn  out 
well,"  is  systematic.  First  appears  a  quarter- 
sheet  (a  hand-bill,  9 1  in.  by  7  Jin.)  containing 
the  earliest  report  of  the  matter.  Next  come 
half-sheets  (twice  the  size)  of  later  particulars, 
or  discoveries,  or — if  the  supposed  murderer  be 
in  custody— of  further  examinations.  The  sale 
of  these  bills  is  confined  almost  entirely  to 
London,  and  in  their  production  the  newspapers 
are  for  the  most  part  followed  closely  enough. 
Then  are  produced  the  whole,  or  broad-sheets 
(twice  the  size  of  the  half-sheets),  and,  lastly, 
but  only  on  great  occasions,  the  double  broad- 
sheeL  [I  have  used  the  least  technical  terms 
that  I  might  not  puzzle  the  reader  with  accounts 
of  "crowns,"  "double-crowns,"  &c.] 

The  most  important  of  all  the  broad-sheets 
of  executions,  according  to  concurrent,  and 
indeed  unanimous,  testimony  is  the  case  of 
Rush.  I  speak  of  the  testimony  of  the  street- 
folk  conerned,  who  all  represent  the  sale  of  the 
papers  relative  to  Rush,  both  in  town  and 
country,  as  the  best  in  their  experience  of  late 
years. 

The  sheet  bears  the  title  of  "  The  Sorrowful 
Lamentation  and  Last  Farewell  of  J.  B.  Rush, 
who  is  ordered  for  Execution  on  Saturday  next, 
at  Norwich  Castle."  There  are  three  illustra- 
tions. The  largest  represents  Rush,  cloaked  and 
masked,  "  shooting  Mr.  Jermy,  Sen."  Another 
is  of  "  Rusli  shooting  Mrs.  Jermy."  A  prostrate 
body  is  at  her  feet,  and  the  lady  herself  is  de- 
picted as  having  a  very  small  waist  and  great 
amplitude  of  gown-skirts.  The  third  is  a  por- 
trait of  Rush, — a  correct  copy,  I  was  assured, 
and  have  no  reason  to  question  the  assurance, — 
from  one  in  the  Norwich  Mercury.  The  account 
of  the  trial  and  biography  of  Rush,  his  conduct 
in  prison,  &c.,  is  a  concise  and  clear  enough 
.sation  from  the  newspapers.  Indeed, 
Rush's  Sorrowful  Lamentation  is  the  1 
all  respects,  of  any  execution  broad-sheet  I  have 
teen  ;  even  the  "  copy  of  verses"  which,  accord- 
ing to  the  established  custom,  the  criminal  com- 
poses in  the  condemned  cell— his  beintf  unable, 
in  some  instances,  to  read  or  write  In  in-  no 
obstacle  to  the  composition— seems,  in  a  •. 
point  of  view,  of  a  superior  strain  to  the  run  of 

.ings.     The  matters  of  fact,  how,  , 
iniroc  .  same  peculiar  manner.     The 

worst  pait  is  the  morbid  sympathy  I 
•polony  for  the  criminal.      I   give  the  verses 

vain  world  I  toon  »hall  leave, 
l»*r  fnesdft  in  sorrow  do  not  grieve | 
Mmim  not  my  end,  though  'ti»  *evere, 
rord-ath  awaits  the  mui 


Now  in  a  dismal  cell  I  lie. 
For  murder  I'm  condemn'd  to  die ; 
Some  may  pity  when  they  reed, 
Oppression  drove  me  to  the  deed. 

My  friends  and  home  to  me  were  dear, 
The  trees  and  flowers  that  blossom'd  neari 
The  sweet  loved  spot  where  youth  began 
Is  dear  to  every  Englishman. 

I  one*  was  happy— that  is  past, 
Distress  and  crosses  came  at  last ; 
False  friendship  smiled  on  wealth  and  me, 
But  shunned  me  in  adversity. 

The  scaffold  is  awauing  me, 
For  Jermy  I  have  murdered  thee ; 
Thy  hope  and  joys — thy  son  I  slew, 
Thy  wife  and  servant  wounded  too. 

I  think  I  hear  the  world  to  say — 
'  Oh,  Rush,  why  didst  thou  Jermy  slay  f 
His  dear  loved  son  why  didst  thou  kill, 
For  he  had  done  to  thee  no  ill.' 

If  Jenny  had  but  kindness  shown, 
And  not  have  trod  misfortune  down, 
I  ne'er  had  fired  the  fatal  ball 
That  caus'd  his  son  and  him  to  fall. 

My  cause  I  did  defend  alone, 
For  learned  counsel  I  had  none; 
I  pleaded  hard  and  questions  gave, 
In  hopes  my  wretched  life  to  save. 

The  witness  to  confound  did  try, 
But  God  ordained  that  I  should  die ; 
Eliza  Chestney  she  was  there,— 
I'm  sorry  I  have  injured  her. 

Oh,  Emily  Sandford,  was  it  due 

That  I  should  meet  my  death  through  you! 

If  you  had  wish'd  me  well  indeed, 

How  could  you  thus  against  me  plead  ? 

I've  used  thee  kind,  though  not  my  wife: 
Your  evidence  has  cost  my  life  ; 
A  child  by  me  you  have  had  born, 
Though  hard  against  me  you  have  sworn. 

The  scaffold  is,  alas !  my  doom, — 
I  soon  shall  wither  in  the  tomb  : 
God  pardon  me — no  mercy's  here 
For  Rush—  the  wn-tclu-il  murderer  !" 

Although  the  execution  broad-sheet  I  have 
cited  may  be  the  best,  taken  altogether,  which 
has  fallen  under  my  observation,  nearly  all  1 
have  seen  have  one  characteristic — the  facts  can 
he  plainly  understood.  Tin-  narrative,  em- 
bracing trial,  biography,  \c.,  is  usually  pre- 
pared by  the  printer,  bein^  a  condensation  from 
the  accounts  in  the  newspapers,  and  is  perhaps 
intelligible,  simply  because  it  ».s-  a  condensation. 
It  is  so,  moreover,  in  spite  of  bad  grammar,  and 
sometimes  perhaps  from  an  unskilful  connec- 
tion of  th<-  dillcrcnt  eras  of  the  trial. 

When  the  circumstances  of   the  case  permit, 

or  can  he  at  all  constrained  to  do  so,  the  Last 

Sorrowful  Lamentation  contains  a  "Love   I.«t- 

rittcn—  as  one   pattcrer   told   me    he    hail 

occasionally  expressed  it,  when  he  thought  hi* 

audience    suitable — "  from    the.    depths  of    the 

condemned  cell,   with  the   condemned  pen,  ink. 

and    j.  :  <>tyi«d,    an(1 

«ni : 

•  •Dear  ,-Sluink   not    from    receiving  *  lettel 

from   01  ri.leinnril    to  .lie    .-is    a  murderer. 

Here,  In  my  mieerable  cell,  I  write  to  one  whum  I  have 


304 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


from  my  first  acquaintanceship,  held  in  the  highest 
esteem,  and  whom,  I  believe,  has  also  had  the  same 
kindly  feeling  towards  myself.  Believe  me,  I  forgive 

all  my  enemies  and  bear  no  malice.    O,  my  dear , 

guard  against  giving  way  to  evil  passions,  and  a  fond- 
ness for  drink.  Be  warned  by  my  sad  and  pitiful 
fate." 

If  it  be  not  feasible  to  have  a  love-letter — 
which  can  be  addressed  to  either  wife  or  sweet- 
heart— in  the  foregoing  style,  a  "last  letter"  is 
given,  and  this  can  be  written  to  father,  mother, 
»«on,  daughter,  or  friend ;  and  is  usually  to  the 
following  purport : 

"  Condemned  Cell, 

"  My  Dear ,— By  the  time  you  receive  this  my 

hours,  in  this  world,  will  indeed  be  short.  It  is  an 
old  and  true  saying,  that  murderers  will  one  day  meet 
their  proper  reward.  No  one  can  imagine  the  dreadful 
nights  of  anguish  passed  by  me  since  the  commital  of 

th«  crime  on  poor .    All  my  previous  victims  have 

appeared  before  me  in  a  thousand  different  shapes  and 
forms.  My  sufferings  have  been  more  than  I  can  pos- 
sibly describe.  Let  me  entreat  you  to  turn  from  your 
evil  ways  and  lead  a  honest  and  sober  life.  I  am  suffer- 
ing so  much  at  the  present  moment  both  from  mind  and 
body  that  I  can  write  no  longer.  Farewell !  farewell ! 
"  Your  affectionate ." 

I  have  hitherto  spoken  of  the  Last  Sorrowful 
Lamentation  sheets.  The  next  broad-sheet  is 
the  "Life,  Trial,  Confession,  and  Execution." 
This  presents  the  same  matter  as  the  "  Lamen- 
tation," except  that  a  part — perhaps  the  judge's 
charge  at  the  trial,  or  perhaps  the  biography — 
is  removed  to  make  room  for  the  "  Execu- 
tion," and  occasionally  for  a  portion  of  the 
"  Condemned  Sermon."  To  judge  by  the 
productions  I  treat  of,  both  subjects  are  marvel- 
ously  similar  on  all  occasions.  I  cite  a  speci- 
men of  the  Condemned  Sermon,  as  preached, 
according  to  the  broad-sheet,  before  Hewson, 
condemned  for  the  murder  of  a  turnkey  It  will 
be  seen  that  it  is  of  a  character  to  fit  any  con- 
demned sermon  whatever : 

"The  rev.  gent,  then  turned  his  discourse  particu- 
larly to  the  unhappy  prisoner  doomed  to  die  on  the 
morrow,  and  told  him  to  call  on  Him  who  alone  had 
the  power  of  forgiveness;  who  had  said,  'though  his 
sins  were  red  as  scarlet,'  he  would  'make  them  white 
as  snow,'  though  he  had  been  guilty  of  many  heinous 
crimes,  there  was  yet  an  opportunity  of  forgiveness. — 
During  the  delivery  of  this  address,  the  prisoner  was 
in  a  very  desponding  state,  and  at  its  conclusion  was 
helped  out  of  the  chapel  by  the  turnkeys." 

The  "Execution"  is  detailed  generally  in 
this  manner.  I  cite  the  "  Life,  Trial,  Confes- 
sion, and  Execution  of  Mary  May,  for  the 
Murder  of  W.  Constable,  her  Half-brother,  by 
Poison,  at  Wix,  near  Manningtree  :" 

"  At  an  early  hour  this  morning  the  snace  before  the 
prison  was  very  much  crowded  by  persons  anxious  to 
witness  the  execution  of  Mary  May,  for  the  murder  of 
William  Constable,  her  half-brother,  by  poison,  at  Wix, 
Manningtree,  which  gradually  increased  to  such  a  de- 
gree, that  a  great  number  of  persons  suffered  extremely 
from  the  pressure,  and  gladly  gave  up  their  places  on 
the  first  opportunity  to  escape  from  the  crowd.  The 
r heriffs  and  their  attendants  arrived  at  the  prison  early 
this  morning  and  proceeded  to  the  condemn  cell,  were 
they  found  the  reverend  ordinary  engaged  in  prayer 
•with  the  miserable  woman.  After  the  usual  formalities 
had  been  observed  of  demanding  the  body  of  the  pri- 
soner into  their  custody  she  was  then  conducted  to  the 
press-room.  The  executioner  with  his  assistants  then 
•ommenced  pinioning  her  arms,  whirb.  opporation  they 


skillfully  and  quickly  dispatched.  During  these  anhu 
preparations  the  unhappy  woman  appeared  mently  ta 
suffer  severely,  but  uttered  not  a  word  when  the  hour  ar- 
rived and  all  the  arrangements  having  been  completed, 
the  bell  commenced  tolling,  and  then  a  change  was  ob- 
served, to  come  over  the  face  of  the  prisoner,  who 
trembling  violently,  walked  with  the  melanrholy  pro- 
cession, proceeded  by  the  reverend  ordinary,  who  read 
aloud  the  funeral  service  for  the  dead.  Whe.M  the  hell 
commenced  tolling  a  moment  was  heard  from  without, 
and  the  words  "Hats  off."  and  "Silence,"  were  dis- 
tinctly heard,  from  which  time  nothing  but  a  continual 
sobbing  was  heard.  On  arriving  at  the  foot  of  the 
steps  leading  to  the  scaffold  she  thanked  the  sheriff* 
and  the  worthy  governor  of  the  prison,  for  their  kind 
attentions  to  her  during  her  confinement ;  &  then  the 
unfortunate  woman  was  seen  on  the  scaffold,  there  «  as 
a  death  like  silence  prevailed  among  the  vast  multitude 
of  people  assembled.  In  a  few  seconds  the  bolt  was 
drawn,  and,  after  a  few  convulsive  struggles,  the  un- 
happy woman  ceased  to  exist." 

I  cannot  refrain  from  calling  the  reader's 
attention  to  the  "copy  of  verses"  touching 
Mary  May.  I  give  them  entire,  for  they  seem 
to  me  to  contain  all  the  elements  which  nude 
the  old  ballads  popular— the  rushing  af  once 
into  the  subject — and  the  homely  reflections, 
though  crude  to  all  educated  persons,  «.re,  never- 
theless, well  adapted  to  enlist  the  sympathy  and 
appreciation  of  the  class  of  hearers  to  whom 
they  are  addressed : 

COPT   OP    VERSES. 

"The  solemn  hell  for  me  doth  toll, 

And  I  am  doom'd  to  die 
(For  murdering  by  brother  dear,) 

Upon  a  tree  so  high. 
For  gain  I  did  premeditate 

My  brother  for  to  slay, — 
Oh,  think  upon  the  dreadful  fat« 

Of  wretched  Mary  May. 

CHORUS. 

Behold  the  fate  of  Mary  May, 
Who  did  for  gain  her  brother  slay 

In  Essex  boundry  I  did  dwell, 

My  brother  lived  with  me, 
In  a  little  village  called  Wix, 

Not  far  fro?.i  Manningtree. 
In  a  burial  club  I  entered  him, 

On  purpose  him  to  slay  , 
And  to  obtain  the  burial  fees 

I  took  his  life  away. 

One  eve  he  to  his  home  return'd, 

Not  thinking  he  was  doom'd, 
To  be  sent  by  a  sister's  hand 

Unto  the  silent  tomb. 
His  tea  for  him  I  did  prepare, 

And  in  it  poison  placed, 
To  which  I  did  administer, — 

How  dreadful  was  his  case. 

Before  he  long  the  poison  took 

In  agony  he  cried  ; 
Upon  him  I  in  scorn  did  look, — 

At  length  my  brother  di< -d. 
Then  to  the  grave  I  hurried  him, 

And  got  him  out  of  sight, 
But  God  ordain'd  this  cruel  deed 

Should  soon  be  brought  to  light. 

I  strove  the  money  to  obtain, 

For  which  I  did  him  slay. 
By  which,  also,  suspicion  fell 

On  guilty  Mary  May. 
The  poison  was  discovered, 

Which  caused  me  to  bewa.'!, 
And  I  my  trial  to  await 

Was  sent  to  Chelmsford  jaiL 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


3U5 


mi.  81  U  "F  nru.s  OOLLABA 


No.  20. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR: 


307 


And  for  this  most  atrocious  deed 

I  at  the  bar  was  placed, 
The  Jury  found  me  guilty,  — 

How  dreadful  was  my  case. 
The  Judge  the  dreadful  sentence  pass'd, 

And  solemn  said  to  me, 
1  You  must  return  from  whence  you  came, 

And  thence  unto  the  tree.' 

On  earth  I  can  no  longer  dwell, 

There's  nothing  can  me  save  ; 
Hark  I  I  hear  the  mournful  tnell 

Which  calls  me  to  the  grave. 
Death  appears  in  ghostly  forms, 

To  summon  me  below  ; 
See,  the  fatal  bolt  is  drawn, 

And  Mary  May  must  go. 

Good  people  all,  of  each  degree, 

Before  it  is  too  late, 
See  me  on  the  fatal  tree, 

And  pity  my  sad  fate. 
My  guilty  heart  stung  with  grief, 

With  agony  and  pain,— 
My  tender  brother  I  did  slay 

That  fatal  day  for  gain." 

This  mode  of  procedure  in  "  gallows"  litera- 
ture, and  this  style  of  composition,  have  prevailed 
for  fiom  twenty  to  thirty  years.  I  find  my  usual 
impossibility  to  fix  a  date  among  these  street- 
folk  ;  but  the  Sorrowful  Lamentation  sheet  was 
unknown  until  the  law  for  prolonging  the  term 
of  eiistence  between  the  trial  and  death  of  the 
capitally-convicted,  was  passed.  "  Before  that, 
sir,"  I  was  told,  "there  wasn't  no  time  for  a 
Lamentation  ;  sentence  o'  Friday,  and  scragging 
o'  Monday.  So  we  had  only  the  Life,  Trial,  and 
Execution."  Before  the  year  1820,  the  Execu- 
tion broad-sheets,  &c.,  were  "got  up"  in  about 
the  same,  though  certainly  in  an  inferior  and 
more  slovenly  manner  than  at  present  ;  and  one 
copy  of  verses  often  did  service  for  the  canticles 
of  all  criminals  condemned  to  be  hung.  These 
verses  were  to  sacred  or  psalm  tunes,  such  as 
Job,  or  the  Old  Hundredth.  I  was  told  by 
an  aged  gentleman  that  be  remembered,  about 
the  year  1812,  hearing  a  song,  or,  as  he  called  it, 
"stave,"  of  this  description,  not  only  piven  in 
the  street  with  fiddle  and  nasal  twang,  to  the 
tune  of  the  Old  Hundredth,  but  commencing  in 
the  very  words  of  Sternhold  and  Hopkins  — 
"  All  people  that  on  earth  do  dwell." 

These  "  death-  verses,"  as  they  were  sometimes 
called,  were  very  frequently  sung  by  blind  peo- 
ple, and  in  some  parts  of  the  country  blind  men 
and  women  still  sing  —  generally  to  the  accom- 
paniment of  a  fiddle—  the  "copy  of  verses." 
.<lon  chauntcr  told  me,  that,  a  few  years 
back,  he  heard  a  blind  man  at  York  announce 
the  "verses"  as  from  the  "solitudes" 
eondrmncd  cell.  At  present  the  broad-sheet 
tellers  usually  sing,  or  chaunt,  the  cojiy  of 


An   intelligent  man,  now   himself  a  street 
trader,  told  me  that  one  of  the  latest  " 
tion  songs"  (as  he  called  them)  whirl; 

red  to  have  heard  in  the  old  style—  but 

>ul>t  there  were  plenty  after  that,  a*  like 

CM  another  as  peas  in  a  boiling"  —  was  on  the 

murder  «f  Weare,  at  Elstm  rdshire. 


He  took  great  interest  in  such  things  when  a 
boy,  and  had  the  song  in  question  by  heart,  but 
could  only  depend  upon  his  memory  for  the 
first  and  second  verses : 

"  Come,  all  good  Christians,  praise  the  Lord, 

And  trust  to  him  in  hope. 
God  in  his  mercy  Jack  Thurtell  mint 
To  hang  from  Hertford  gallows  rope. 

Poor  Weare's  murder  the  Lord  disclosed  — 

Be  glory  to  his  name : 
And  Thurtell,  Hunt,  and  Probert  too, 

Were  brought  to  grief  and  shame." 

Another  street  paper-worker  whom  I  spoke 
to  on  the  subject,  and  to  whom  I  read  these  two 
verses,  said :  "  That's  just  the  old  thing,  sir ; 
and  it's  quite  in  old  Jemmy  Catnach's  style,  for 
he  used  to  write  werses — anyhow,  he  said  he  did, 
for  I've  heard  him  say  so,  and  I've  no  doubt  he 
did  in  reality — it  was  just  his  favourite  style,  I 
know,  but  the  march  of  intellect  put  it  out  It 
did  so." 

In  the  most  "  popular"  murders,  the  street 
"papers"  are  a  mere  recital  from  the  news- 
papers, but  somewhat  more  brief,  when  the 
suspected  murderer  is  in  custody ;  but  when  the 
murderer  has  not  been  apprehended,  or  is  un- 
known, "then,"  said  one  Death-hunter,  "we 
has  our  fling,  and  I've  hit  the  mark  a  few 
chances  that  way.  We  had,  at  the  werry  least, 
half-a-dozen  coves  pulled  up  in  the  slums  that 
we  printed  for  the  murder  of  '  The  Beautiful 
Eliza  Grimwood,  in  the  Waterloo-road.'  I  did 
best  on  Thomas  Hopkins,  being  the  guilty  man 
— I  think  he  was  Thomas  Hopkins  —  'cause  a 
strong  case  was  made  out  again  him." 

I  received  similar  accounts  of  the  street- 
doings  in  the  case  of  "mysterious  murders," 
as  those  perpetrations  are  called  by  the  paper 
workers,  when  the  criminal  has  escaped,  or 
was  unknown.  Among  those  leaving  consi- 
derable scope  to  the  patterer's  powers  of  in- 
vention were  the  murders  of  Mr.  Westwood,  a 
watchmaker  in  Prince' s-street,  Leicester- square; 
of  Eliza  Davis,  a  bar-maid,  in  Frederick-street, 
Hampstead-road ;  and  of  the  policeman  in  Da- 
genham,  Essex.  One  of  the  most  successful 
"cocks,"  relating  to  murders  which  actually 
occurred,  was  the  "  Confession  to  the  Rev.  Mr. 
Cox,  Chaplain  of  Aylesbury  Gaol,  of  John 
Tawell  the  Quaker."  I  had  some  conversation 
with  one  of  the  authors  of  this  "  Confession," 
— for  it  was  got  up  by  three  patterers  ;  and  he 
i  IMP  that  "  it  did  well,  and  the  facts  was 
s»on  in  some  of  the  newspapers — as  what  we 
'riginntes  often  is."  This  sham  confession  was 
as  follows  : 

"Tli-  \,  the  chaplain  of  Aylesbury  Gaol, 

having  been  takm  ill.  .m>l  imnniK  his  cud  approaching, 

n.  and  *aid,  'Take  tins  confession;  now 

1  am  a*  good  a*  my  word  .   I   jnoniiK-  <1  that  unhappy 

limn.  John   T  i.ile   I   liv.-d   his  OOi 

nhould  j.iiHir.  owing  tn  the  excited  itat* 

of  the  puhhr  inimi.     Tawdl  confessed  to  me,  that 

betide*   '  <>f  S.irah    Hart,  at  Salt  hill,  for 

Bel          i  taut  penalty  of  the  law  at  Aylen- 

•  of  two  othi-r  barbarous  nmr.u  n 

.'•road  ••  a  trannport  in  Van  Daman's  Land. 

One  of  tbete  barbarous  and  horrid  murder*  wan  on  tin 

XI 


308 


LONDON  LABOUR  ANl  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tody  of  one  of  the  keepers.  He  knocked  him  down 
with  the  keys,  which  he  wrenched  from  him,  and  then 
cut  his  throat  with  his  own  knife,  leaving  the  body 
locked  up  in  his  cell :  and  before  that,  to  have  the 
better  opportunity  of  having  the  turnkey  single- 
handed,  John  Tawell  feigned  illness.  He  then  locked 
the  keeper,  in  the  cell,  and  went  to  a  young  woman  in 
tne  town,  a  beautiful  innkeeper's  daughter,  whom  he 
had  seduced  as  he  worked  for  her  father,  as  he  had  the 
privilege  of  doing  in  the  day-times.  He  went  to  he* 
and  she,  seeing  him  in  a  flurried  state,  with  blood 
upon  his  hand,  questioned  him.  He  told  the  unhappy 
young  woman  how  he  had  killed  the  keeper  for  the 
love  of  her,  and  the  best  thing  to  be  done  was  for  her 
to  get  possession  of  all  the  money  she  could,  and 
escape  with  him  to  thit  countrv,  where  he  would 
marry  her,  and  support  her  like  a  lady.  The  unhappy 
young  woman  felt  so  terrified,  that  at  the  moment  she 
was  unable  to  say  yes  or  no.  He  became  a  (armed  for 
his  safety,  and  with  the  identical  knife  that  he  killed 
the  keeper  with,  he  left  his  unhappy  victim  a  welter- 
ing in  her  gore.  He  then  fled  from  the  house  unob- 
served, and  went  into  the  bush,  where  he  met  three 
men,  who  had  escaped  through  his  killisg  the  keeper. 
He  advised  them  to  go  down  with  him  to  an  English 
vessel  lying  off  the  coast.  When  they  reached  the 
shore,  they  met  a  crew  in  search  of  fresh  water;  to 
them  they  made  out  a  pitiful  story,  and  were  taken  on 
board  the  ship.  All  being  young  men,  and  the  captain 
being  short  of  hands,  and  one  of  them  having  been 
really  a  seaman  transported!  for  mutiny,  the  captain, 
after  putting  questions  which  the  seaman  answered, 
engaged  them  to  work  their  passage  home.  Tawell 
was  the  captain  of  the  gang,  and  wag  most  looked  up 
to.  They  worked  their  passage  home,  behaving  well 
during  the  voyage,  so  that  the  captain  said  he  would 
make  each  of  them  a  present,  and  never  divulge. 
When  they  reached  Liverpool,  Tawell  robbed  the  cap- 
tain's cabin  of  all  the  money  contained  in  it,  which 
wa»  i  very  considerable  sum.  After  that  he  left  Liver- 
pool, and  adopted  the  garb  of  a  Quaker,  in  which  he 
could  not  easily  be  recognized,  and  then  pursued  the 
course  of  wickedness  and  crime  which  led  him  to  • 
shameful  death." 

The  "  confession"  of  Rush  to  the  chaplain  of 
Norwich  Castle,  was  another  production  which 
was  remunerative  to  the  patterers.  "  There  was 
soon  a  bit  of  it  in  the  newspapers,"  said  one 
man,  "  for  us  and  them  treads  close  on  one 
another's  heels.  The  newspapers  '  screeved ' 
about  Rush,  and  his  mother,  and  his  wife ; 
but  we,  in  our  patter,  made  him  confess  to 
having  murdered  his  old  grandmother  fourteen 
years  back,  and  how  he  buried  her  under  the 
apple-tree  in  the  garden,  and  how  he  murdered 
his  wife  as  well." 

These  ulterior  Confessions  are  very  rarely  in- 
troduced, in  lieu  of  some  matter  displaced,  into 
the  broadVsheet,  but  form  separate  bills.  It  was 
necessary  to  mention  them  here,  however,  and 
so  preserve  the  sequence  of  the  whole  of  the 
traffic  consequent  upon  a  conviction  for  murder, 
in  this  curious  trade. 

Sometimes  the  trial,  &c.,  form  also  separate 
bills,  as  well  as  being  embodied  afterwards  in 
the  Sorrowful  Lamentation.  This  is  only,  how- 
ever, in  cases  which  are  deemed  important. 
One  of  the  papers  I  obtained,  for  instance,  is 
the  "  Trial  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Manning  for  the 
Murder  of  Mr.  Patrick  O'Connor."  The  trial 
alone  occupies  a  broad-sheet ;  it  is  fairly  "  got 
'ip."  A  portrait  of  Mr.  Patrick  O'  Connor 
heads  the  middle  column.  From  the  presence 
of  a  fur  collar  to  the  coat  or  cloak,  and  of  what 
ic  eridently  an  order  with  its  imi^nia,  round 


the  neck,  I  have  little  doubt  that  the  poi trait 
of  Mr.  O'Connor  was  originally  that  of  th« 
sovereign  in  whose  service  O'  Connor  was  once 
an  excise-officer — King  William  IV. 

The  last  publication  to  which  the  trade  has 
recourse  is  "  the  book."  This  is  usually  eight 
pages,  but  sometimes  only  four  of  a  larger  size. 
In  authorship,  matter,  or  compilation,  it  differ! 
little  from  the  narratives  I  have  described.  The 
majority  of  these  books  are  prepared  by  one 
man.  They  are  in  a  better  form  for  being  pre- 
served as  a  record  than  is  a  broad-sheet,  and 
are  frequently  sold,  and  almost  always  offered 
by  the  patterers  when  they  cry  a  new  case  on  a 
sheet,  as  "  people  that  loves  such  reading  likes 
to  keep  a  good  account  of  the  best  by  them ; 
and  so,  when  I've  sold  Manning's  bills,  I've 
often  shoved  off  Rush's  books."  The  books, 
like  the  bills,  have  generally  the  letters  and  the 
copy  of  verses. 

Some  of  these  books  have  the  title-page  set 
forth  in  full  display, —  for  example:  "Horrible 
Murder  and  Mutilation  of  Lucy  Game,  aged  15, 
by  her  Cruel  Brother,  William  Game,  aged  9, 
at  Westmill,  Hertfordshire.  His  Committal  and 
Confession.  With  a  Copy  of  Letter.  Also,  Full 
Particulars  of  the  Poisonings  in  Essex."  Here, 
as  there  was  no  execution,  the  matter  was 
extended,  to  include  the  poisonings  in  Essex 
The  title  I  have  quoted  is  expanded  into  thir- 
teen lines.  Sometimes  the  title-page  is  adorned 
with  a  portrait.  One,  I  was  told,  which  was  last 
employed  as  a  portrait  of  Calcraft,  had  done 
severe  service  since  Courvoisier's  time, — for 
my  informant  thought  that  Courvoisier  was  the 
original.  It  is  the  bust  of  an  ill-looking  man, 
with  coat  and  waistcoat  fitting  with  that  un- 
wrinkled  closeness  which  characterises  the  figures 
in  tailors'  "  fashions." 

The  above  style  of  work  is  known  in  the  trade 
as"  the  book;"  but  other  publications,  in  the 
book  or  pamphlet  form,  are  common  enough.  In 
some  I  have  seen,  the  title-page  is  a  history  in 
little.  I  cite  one  of  these  : — "  Founded  on  Facts. 
The  Whitby  Tragedy;  or,  the  Gambler's  Fate. 
Containing  the  Lives  of  Joseph  Carr,  aged  21,  and 
Jus  sweetheart,  Maria  Leslie,  aged  19,  who  were 
found  Dead,  lying  by  each  other,  on  the  morning 
of  the  23rd  of  May.  Maria  was  on  her  road  to 
Town  to  buy  some  Ribbon,  $c.,  for  h,r  Wedding 
Day,  when  her  lover  in  a  state  of  intoxication  fired 
at  her,  and  then  run  to  rob  his  prey,  but  finding  it 
to  be  his  Sweetheart,  reloaded  his  Gun,  placed  the 
Muzzle  to  his  Mouth,  and  blew  out  his  Brains,  all 
through  cursed  Cards,  Drink,  Sfc.  Also,  an  affec- 
tionate Copy  of  Verses." 

To  show  the  extent  of  the  trade  in  execution 
broad- sheets,  I  obtained  returns  of  the  number 
of  copies  relating  to  the  principal  executions  at 
late,  that  had  been  sold : 

Of  Rush  ....  2,500,000  copies. 
„  the  Mannings  .  2,500,000  „ 
„  Courvoisier  .  .  1,666,000  „ 
,  Good  ....  1,650,000  „ 
„  Corder  .  .  .  1,650,000  „ 
Greenacre  .  .  1,666,000  „ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Of  Thurtell  I  could  obtain  no  accounts — "  it 
was  so  long  ago  ;"  but  the  sale,  I  was  told,  was 
enormous.  Reckoning  that  each  copy  was  sold 
for  \d.  (the  regular  price  in  the  country,  where 
the  great  sale  is,)  the  money  expended  for  such 
things  amounts  to  upwards  of  48,500/.  in  the 
case  of  the  six  murderers  above  given.  All 
this  number  was  printed  and  got  up  in  Lon- 
don; a  few  "broad- sheets"  concerning  Rush 
were  printed  also  in  Norwich. 

Touching  the  issue  of  "  cocks,"  a  person  con- 
nected with  the  trade  calculated  for  me,  from 
data  at  his  command,  that  3,456  copies  were 
struck  off  weekly,  and  sold  in  the  streets,  in  the 
metropolis  ;  and  reckoning  them  at  only  a  \d. 
each,  we  have  the  sum  of  71.  4s.  spent  every 
week  in  this  manner.  At  this  rate,  there  must 
be  179,7 12  copies  cf  "  cocks  "  printed  in  a  year, 
on  which  the  public  expend  no  less  than  374/.  8s. 

Of  the  style  of  illustrations  usually  accom- 
panying this  class  of  street  literature  the  two 
large  engravings  here  given  are  fac  similes — 
while  the  smaller  ones  are  faithful  copies  of  the 
_•••  embellishments  to  the  halfpenny  ballads. 
On  another  occasion  I  shall  speak  at  length  on 
et-ArU" 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  CONUNDRUMS. 
AMONG  the  more  modern  street  sales  are 
"  conundrums,"  generally  vended,  both  in  the 
shops  and  the  streets,  as  "  Nuts  to  Crack," 
when  not  in  the  form  of  books.  This  is  an- 
other of  the  "  broad-sheets,"  and  is  sufficiently 
clever  and  curious  in  its  way. 

In  the  centre,  at  the  top,  is  the  "  Wonderful 
Picture,"  with  the  following  description:  "This 
Picture  when  looked  at  from  a  particular  point 
of  view,  will  not  only  appear  perfect  in  all  re- 
spects and  free  from  distortion,  but  the  figures 
will  actually  appear  to  rtand  out  in  relief  from 
the  paper."  The  wonderful  picture,  which  is 
a  rude  imitation  of  a  similar  toy  picture  sold 
in  a  box,  "  with  eye-piece  complete,"  at  the 
shops,  presents  a  distorted  view  of  a  church  - 
spire,  a  light-house,  a  donjon-keep,  castellated 
buildings  backed  by  mountains,  a  moat  on  which 
are  two  vessels,  an  arch  surmounted  by  a  Bri- 
tannia, a  palm-tree  (I  presume),  and  a  ram- 
r  pier,  or  something  that  way,  on  which 
are  depicted  two  figures,  with  the  gest:. 
elocutionists.  The  buildings  are  eloi 

adows  at  sunset  or  sunrise.     What  may 
be  the    "particular  point  of   view"    announced 

:ful    Picture, 

is  not  described  in  the  t  the  lo] low- 

ing  ex  ii    a     litth 

• 

y  to  NuU  to  Cra. 
il  Repository:' 

Cut  out   a  ; 

cardboard  24  inche§  lonp,  make  *  round  holt  about 
>f  a  pM  la  the  too  of  it ;  place  thin  lev 

. 


n.  and  the  difcmt 


parts  appear  actually  to  stand  up  In  relief  on  tho 

paper." 

Below  the  "Wonderful  Picture"  are  other 
illustrations  ;  and  the  border  of  the  broad- 
sheet presents  a  series  of  what  may  be  called 
pictorial  engravings.  The  first  is, 


D  I  O 
C  C 

. — Lately  presented  to  a  "  Wise 
man  "  by  a  usurper. 


The  answer  being  evidently   "  Diocese."     No. 
26  is 


A  4 

26.— The  Child's  "Tidy/ 


"  Pinafore  "  is  the  solution.  Of  the  next  "  hie- 
roglyphic"— for  a  second  title  to  the  "Nuts" 
tells  of  "  200  Hieroglyphics,  Enigmas,  Conun- 
drums, Curious  Puzzles,  and  other  Ingenious 
Devices,"  —  I  cannot  speak  very  highly.  It 
consists  of  "AIMER,"  (a  figure  of  a  hare  at  full 
speed,)  and  "  EKA."  Answer. — "  America." 
In  the  body  of  the  broad-sheet  are  the 
Enigmas,  &c.,  announced ;  of  each  of  which  I 
give  a  specimen,  to  show  the  nature  of  this 
street  performance  or  entertainment.  Enigma 
107  is— 

"  I've  got  no  wings,  yet  in  the  air 

I  often  rise  and  fall ; 
I've  got  no  feet,  yet  clogs  I  wear, 
And  shoes,  and  boots,  and  all." 

As  the  answer  is  foot-ball,  the  two  last  lines 
should  manifestly  have  been  placed  first. 

The  "  Conundrums"  are  next  in  the  arrange- 
ment,  and  I  cite  one  of  them : 

"  Why  are  there,  strictly  speaking,  only  325  days  in 
the  year  f" 

"  Because,"  is  the  reply,  "  forty  of  them  are 
lent  and  never  returned."  The  "  Riddles  "  fol- 
low in  this  portion  of  the  "  Nuts  to  Crack."  Of 
these,  one  is  not  very  difficult  to  be  solved, 
though  it  is  distinguished  for  the  usual  gram- 
matical confusion  of  ten 

"  A  man  h&i  three  daughter*,  and  each  of  these 
have  a  brother.  How  many  children  had  he  f " 

The  "  Charades"  complete  the  series.  Of  these 
I  select  one  of  the  best : 

"  I  am  a  word  of  letters  seven, 

I'm   sinful  in  the  si-fit  (if  heaven, 

•  TV  virtue  I'm  opposed, 
Man's  weary  life  I've  often  closed. 
If  to  ni<    yi'ii  jin  fix  two  letters  more, 
I  mean  exactly  what  I  meant  before." 

Thp  other  parts  of  the  letter-press  consist  of 

•.Trams."  "Transpositions,"  &c. 

NN  hen  a  c •',<•  |  "  works  conundrums" 

— for  the  trade  is  in  the  hands  of  the  pattering 

class — he  selects  what  he  may  consider  the  best, 

niid    rnds    or   r.-peats    them    in  the  Mr- ct,  noine- 

with  and  sometimes  without  the  answer. 

Hut  he  does  not  cripple  the  probable  quicknest 


310 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ef  his  sale  by  a  slavish  adherence  to  what  is  in 
type.  He  puts  the  matter,  as  it  were,  personally. 
"  What  gentleman  is  it,"  one  man  told  me  he 
would  ask,  "  in  this  street,  that  has— 
'  Eyes  like  saucers,  a  back  like  a  box, 
A  nose  like  a  pen-knife,  and  a  voice  Hk«  a  fox?' 

You  can  learn  for  a  penny.  Or  sometimes  I'll 
go  on  with  the  patter,  thus,"  he  continued, 
'<  What  lady  is  it  that  we  have  all  seen,  and 
who  can  say  truly — 

'  I  am  brighter  than  day,  I  am  swifter  than  light, 
And  stronger  than  all  the  momentum  of  might?' 

More  than  once  people  have  sung  out  '  the 
Queen,'  for  they  seem  to  think  that  the  mo- 
mentum of  might  couldn't  fit  any  one  else. 
It's  'thought'  as  is  the  answer,  but  it  wouldn't 
do  to  let  people  think  it's  anything  of  the  sort. 
It  must  seem  to  fit  somebody.  If  I  see  a 
tailor's  name  on  a  door,  as  soon  as  I've  passed 
the  corner  of  the  street,  and  sometimes  in  the 
same  street,  I've  asked — 

•  Why  is  Mr.  So-and-so,  the  busy  tailor  of  this  (or 
the  next  street)  never  at  home  t ' 

'  Because  he's  always  cutting  out.'  I  have  the 
same  questions  for  other  tradesmen,  and  for 
gentlemen  and  ladies  in  this  neighbourhood,  and 
no  gammon.  All  for  a  penny.  Nuts  to  Crack, 
a  penny.  A  pair  of  Nutcrackers  to  crack 
'em,  only  one  penny." 

Sometimes  this  man,  who  perhaps  is  the 
smartest  in  the  trade,  will  take  a  bolder  flight 
still,  and  when  he  knows  the  residence  of  any 
professional  or  public  man,  he  will,  if  the  allu- 
sion be  complimentary,  announce  his  name,  or 
— if  there  be  any  satire  —  indicate  by  a  mo- 
tion of  the  head,  or  a  gesture  of  the  hand, 
the  direction  of  his  residence.  My  ingenuous, 
and  certainly  ingenious,  informant  obliged  me 
with  a  few  instances :  —  "In  Whitechapel 
parish  I've  said— it  ain't  in  the  print,  it  was 
only  in  the  patter  — 'Why  won't  the  Re- 
verend Mr.  Champneys  lay  up  treasures  on 
earth?' — '  Because  he'd  rather  lay  up  treasures 
in  heaven.'  That's  the  reverend  gentleman 
not  far  from  this  spot ;  but  in  this  sheet — with 
nearly  100  engravings  by  the  first  artists,  only 
a  penny — I  have  other  questions  for  other 
parsons,  not  so  easy  answered  ;  nuts  as  is  hard 
to  crack.  '  Why  is  the  Reverend  Mr.  Popjoy,' 
or  the  Honourable  Lawyer  Bully,  or  Judge 
Wiggem, — and  then  I  just  jerks  my  thumb,  sir, 
if  it's  where  I  know  or  think  such  people  live 
— 'Why  is  the  Reverend  Mr.  Popjoy  (or  the 
others)  like  two  balloons,  one  in  the  air  to  the 
east,  and  the  'tother  in  the  air  to  the  west,  in 
this  parish  of  St.  George's,  Hanover-square?' 
There's  no  such  question,  and  as  it's  a  sort  of 
a  '  cock,'  of  course  there's  no  answer.  I  don't 
know  one.  But  a  gentleman's  servant  once  sung 
out:  "Cause  he's  uppish.'  And  a  man  in  a 
leather  apron  once  said :  '  He's  a  raising  the 
wind,'  which  was  nonsense.  But  I  like  that 
•ort  of  interruption,  and  have  said — '  You'll  not 
find  that  answer  in  the  Nutcrackers,'  only  a 
penny— aad,  Lord  knows,  I  told  the  truth  when 


I  said  so,  and  it  helps  the  sale.  No  fear  of  anj 
one's  finding  out  all  what's  in  the  sneet  before 
I'm  out  of  the  '  drag.'  Not  a  bit.  And  you 
must  admit  that  any  way  it's  a  cheap  pen- 
north."  That  it  is  a  cheap  harmless  penny- 
worth is  undeniable. 

The  street- sale  of  conundrums  is  carried  on 
most  extensively  during  a  week  or  two  before 
Christmas ;  and  on  summer  evenings,  when 
the  day's  work  is,  or  ought  to  be,  over  even 
among  the  operatives  of  the  slop  employers. 
As  the  conundrum  patterer  requires  an  au- 
dience, he  works  the  quieter  streets,  preferring 
such  as  have  no  horse- thoroughfare  —  as  in 
some  of  the  approaches  from  the  direction  of 
Golden-square  to  Regent- street.  The  trade  is 
irregularly  pursued,  none  following  it  all  the 
year;  and  from  the  best  information  I  could 
acquire,  it  appears  that  fifteen  men  may  be 
computed  as  working  conundrums  for  two 
months  throughout  the  twelve,  and  clear- 
ing 10«.  6d.  weekly,  per  individual.  The  cost 
of  the  "Nuts  to  Crack"  (when  new)  is  5d.  a 
doz.  to  the  seller;  but  old  "  Nuts"  often  answer 
the  purpose  of  the  street-seller,  and  may  be  had 
for  about  half  the  price  ;  the  cost  of  the  "  Nut- 
crackers" 2s.  to  2s.  6d.  It  may  be  calculated, 
then,  that  to  realize  the  10*.  6d.,  15s.  must 
be  taken.  This  shows  the  street  expenditure 
in  "  Nuts  to  Crack"  and  "  Nut-crackers"  to  oe 
90/.  yearly. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  COMIC  EXHIBI. 

TIONS,  MAGICAL  DELUSIONS,  &c. 
THE  street  sale  of  "Comic  Exhibitions"  (pro- 
perly so  called)  is,  of  course,  as  modern  as  the  last 
autumn  and  winter;  and  it  is  somewhat  curi- 
ous that  the  sale  of  any  humorous,  or  meant  to 
be  humorous  sheet  of  engravings,  is  now  be- 
coming very  generally  known  in  the  street  sale 
as  a  "  Comic  Exhibition."  Among  these — as  I 
have  before  intimated — are  many  caricatures  of 
the  Pope,  the  Church  of  Rome,  Cardinal  Wise- 
man, the  Church  of  England,  the  Bishop  of 
London  (or  any  bishop  or  dignitary),  or  of  any 
characteristic  of  the  conflicting  creeds.  In  many 
of  these,  John  Bull  figures  personally,  and  so 
does  the  devil. 

The  Comic  Exhibition  (proper)  is  certainly  a 
very  cheap  pennyworth.  No.  1  is  entitled,  "  The 
Ceremonial  of  the  Opening  of  the  Great  Exhi- 
bition, in  1851,  with  Illustrations  of  the  Contri- 
butions of  All  Nations."  The  "  contributions," 
however,  are  reserved  for  Nos.  2  and  3.  Two 
larger  "  cuts,"  at  the  head  of  the  broad-sheet, 
may  be  considered  geographical,  as  regards  the 
first,  and  allegorical  as  icgards  the  second. 
"Table  Bay"  presents  a  huge  feeder  (evi- 
dently), and  the  "Cape  of  Good  Hope"  is  a 
spare  man  obsequiously  bowing  to  the  table  and 
its  guest  in  good  hope  of  a  dinner.  Of  the 
Sandwich  Islands  and  of  Hung(a)ry,  the  "  exhi- 
bition" is  of  the  same  description.  The  second 
larger  cut  shows  the  Crystal  Palace  ascending 
by  the  agency  of  a  balloon,  a  host  of  people  of 
all  countries  looking  on.  Then  comes  thl 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


311 


*  Procession  from  Palace-yard  to  Hyde  Park." 
The  first  figure  i.i  this  procession  is  described 
as  "  Beefeaters  piping  hot  and  well  puffed  out," 
though  there  is  but  one  beefeater,  with  head 
larger  than  his  body  and  legs  ridiculously,  small 
(as  have  nearly  all  the  sequent  figures),  smok- 
ing a  pipe  as  if  it  were  a  trombone,  duly 
followed  by  "  Her  Majesty's  Spiritual  Body- 
guard" (five  beefeaters,  drunk),  and  by  "  Prince 
Albert  blowing  his  own  trumpet"  (from  the 
back  of  a  very  sorry  steed),  with  "  Mops  and 
brooms,"  and  a  ''Cook-oo"  (a  housemaid  and 
cook)  as  his  supporters.  Then  follow  figures, 
grotesque  enough,  of  which  the  titles  convey 
the  character:  "A  famous  Well- in -Town  ;" 
Peer -ye;"  "Humorous  Estimates" 
(Mr.  Hume);  "A  Jew-d' esprit "  (Mr.  D'ls- 
raeli) ;  "  An  exemplification  of  Cupidity  in 
Pummicestone  "  (Lord  Palmerston)  ;  "  Old 
Geese"  and  "Young  Ducks"  (old  and  angry- 
looking  and  young  and  pretty  women) ;  "  Some 
gentlemen  who  patronise  Moses  in  the  Mino- 
ries"  (certainly  no  credit  to  the  skill  of  a  tailor); 
"A  Jew  Lion"  (M.  Jullien);  "Fine  high 
screams"  (ice-creams)  and  "  Capers"  (chorister 
boys  and  ballet-girls) ;  "  Hey-day,  you  don't 
take  advantage  here"  (Joseph  Ady) ;  and 
"Something  to  give  the  milk  a  head"  (a  man 
with  a  horse's  head  on  a  tray).  These,  however, 
are  but  a  portion  of  the  figures.  The  Comic 
Exhibition-sheet  contains  ninety  such  figures, 
independent  of  those  in  the  two  cuts  mentioned 
as  headings. 

"  Galleries  of  Comicalities,"  or  series  of  figures 
sometimes  satirically,  sometimes  grotesquely 
given  without  any  aim  at  satire,  are  also  sold  by 
the  same  parties,  and  are  often  announced  as  a 
"  Threepenny  gallery  for  a  penny ! — and  dirt 
cheap  at  threepence.  As  big  as  a  newspaper." 

Another  broad-sheet  sold  this  winter  in  the 
is  entitled,  "  Optical  and  Magical  Delu- 
sions," and  was  announced  as  "  Dedicated  to 
and  Prepared  for  his  Royal  Highness  the  Prince 
of  Wales — the  only  original  copy."  The  en- 
gravings are  six  in  number,  and  are  in  three 
rows,  each  accompanying  engraving  being  re- 
Tersed  from  its  fellow :  where  the  head  is  erect  on 
one  side,  it  is  downward  on  the  other.  The  first 
is  a  short  length  of  a  very  plain  woman, 
while  on  the  opposite  side  is  that  of  a  very  plain 
man,  both  pleased  and  smirking  in  accordance 
with  a  line  below:  "O  what  joy  when  our  lips 
.r.eet!"  "  Cat-a-gorical "  is  a  spectacled 
and  hooded  cat  "  Dog-matical"  is  a  dog  with 
the  hat,  wig,  and  cane  once  held  prop- 
physician.  "Cross  purposes"  is  an  austere 
lady  in  a  monster  rap,  while  her  opposite  hus- 
band is  pointing  a  loiiu'  bill.  The 
purport  of  these  figures  u  shown  in  the  follow- 

"  n  I  i  Past*  all  over  the  Back  of  the 

sb*rt,  ,v  ••  of  thick  paper  bet  v 


M  margin— then  take  •  net  ale 


full  of  double  thread  and  paw  It  throurt  the  dot  at 
each  end  of  the  card;  cut  the  thread  off  about  three 
inches  long.  By  twisting  the  threads  between  your 
fore  fingers  and  thumbs,  so  as  to  spin  th»  card  rouad 
backwards  and  forwards  with  a  rapid  motion,  the 
figures  will  appear  to  connect  and  form  a  plea^ng 
delusion." 


rude 


Then  there  are  the  "  Magical  Figures,"  or 
de  street  imitations  of  Dr.  Paris'  ingenious 


toy,  called  the  "  Thaumascope."  Beside  these 
are  what  at  the  first  glance  appear  mere  black, 
and  very  black,  marks,  defining  no  object ;  but 
a  closer  examination  shows  the  outlines  of  a 
face,  or  of  a  face  and  figure.  Of  such  there  are 
sometimes  four  on  a  broad-sheet,  but  they  are 
also  sold  separately,  both  in  the  streets  and  the 
small  stationers'  shops.  When  the  white  or 
black  portion  of  the  paper  is  cut  away  (for  both 
colours  are  so  prepared),  what  remains,  by  a 
disposition  of  the  light,  throws  a  huge  shadow 
of  a  grotesque  figure  on  the  wall,  which  may 
be  increased  or  diminished  according  to  the 
motions  of  the  exhibitor.  The  shadow-figures 
sold  this  winter  by  one  of  my  informants  were 
of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Manning,  the  Queen,  Prince 
Albert,  the  Princess  Royal,  and  the  Prince  of 
Wales;  "but  you  see,  sir,"  observed  the  man, 
"  the  Queen  and  the  Prince  does  for  any  father 
and  mother — for  she  hasn't  her  crown  on — and 
the  Queen's  kids  for  anybody's  kids." 

I  mention  these  matters  more  particularly,  as 
it  certainly  shows  something  of  a  change  in  the 
winter- evenings'  amusements  of  the  children  of 
the  working- classes.  The  principal  street  cus- 
tomers for  thes*  penny  papers  were  mechanics, 
who  bought  them  on  their  way  home  for  the 
amusement  of  their  families.  Boys,  however, 
bought  almost  as  many. 

The  sale  of  these  papers  is  carried  on  by  the 
same  men  as  I  have  described  working  conun- 
drums. A  superior  patterer,  of  course,  shows 
that  his  magical  delusions  and  magical  figures 
combine  all  the  wonders  of  the  magic  lantern 
and  the  dissolving  views,  "and  all  for  one 
penny."  The  trade  is  crfHed  on  only  for  a 
short  time  in  the  winter  as  regards  the  magical 
portion ;  and  I  am  informed  that,  including  the 
"  Comic  Exhibitions,"  it  extends  to  about  half  of 
the  sum  taken  for  conundrums,  or  to  about  45/. 

OP  THE  STREET- SELLERS  OF  PLAY-BILLS. 

Hers  of  play-bills  carry  on  a  trade  which 
is  exceedingly  uncertain,  and  is  little  remune- 
rative.    There  are  now  rather  more   than  200 
people   selling   play-bills   in    London,   but   the 
number   has   sometimes    been    as    high   as   400. 
indeed,"   a  theatrical  gentleman  said  to 
nd  if  a  dozen  more  theatres  were  opened 
POW,  why  each  would  have  more  than  its 
l>ill-selfcrs  the  very  first  night.      Whiro 
from,  or  what  they  are,  I  haven't  a 
notion." 

ty  of  the  play-hill  sellers  are  either 

old    or    young,    the  sexes  being  about  equally 

engaged    in    this    traffic.      Some  of   them   have 

1  tin-  business  from  their  childhood.     I 

y  few  indeed  who  knew  anything  of 


312 


LONDON  L4SOUR  4XD   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


theatres  beyond  the  names  of  the  managers  and 
of  the  principal  performers,  while  some  do  not 
even  enjoy  that  small  modicum  of  knowledge, 
and  some  can  neither  read  nor  write.  The  boys 
often  run  recklessly  alongside  the  cabs  which 
are  convening  persons  to  the  theatre,  and  so  offer 
their  bills  for  sale.  One  of  these  youths  said  to 
me,  when  I  spoke  of  the  danger  incurred,  "  The 
cabman  knows  how  to  do  it,  sir,  when  I  runs 
and  patters  ;  and  so  does  his  boss."  An  intel- 
ligent cabman,  however,  who  was  in  the  habit 
of  driving  parties  to  the  Lyceum,  told  me  that 
these  lads  clung  to  his  cab  as  he  drove  down  to 
Wellington-street  in  such  a  way,  for  they  seemed 
never  to  look  before  them,  that  he  was  in  con- 
stant fear  lest  they  should  be  run  over.  Ladies 
are  often  startled  by  a  face  appearing  suddenly 
at  the  cab  window,  "  and  thro'  my  glass,"  said 
my  informant,  "  a  face  would  look  dirtier  than 
it  really  is."  And  certainly  a  face  gliding  along 
with  the  cab,  as  it  were,  no  accompanying  body 
being  visible,  on  a  winter's  night,  while  the  sound 
of  the  runner's  footsteps  is  lost  in  the  noise  of 
the  cab,  has  much  the  effect  of  an  apparition. 

I  did  not  hear  of  one  person  who  had  been  in 
any  way  connected  with  the  stage,  even  as  a 
supernumerary,  resorting  to  play-bill  selling 
when  he  could  not  earn  a  shilling  within  the  walls 
of  a  theatre.  These  bill-sellers,  for  the  most 
part,  confine  themselves,  as  far  as  I  could  ascer- 
tain, to  that  particular  trade.  The  youths  say 
that  they  sometimes  get  a  job  in  errand-going 
in  the  daytime,  but  the  old  men  and  women 
generally  aver  they  can  do  nothing  else.  An 
officer,  who,  some  years  back,  had  been  on  duty 
at  a  large  theatre,  told  me  that  at  that  time  the 
women  bill-sellers  earned  a  trifle  in  running 
errands  for  the  women  of  the  town  who  attended 
the  theatres ;  but,  as  they  were  not  permitted  to 
send  any  communication  into  the  interior  of  the 
house,  their  earnings  that  way  were  insignificant, 
for  they  could  only  send  in  messages  by  any 
other  "  dress  woman  "  entering  the  theatre  sub- 
sequently. 

In  the  course  of  my  inquiries  last  year,  I  met 
with  a  lame  woman  of  sixty-eight,  who  had  been 
selling  play-bills  for  the  last  twelve  years.  She 
had  been,  for  six  or  eight  months  before  she 
adopted  that  trade,  the  widow  of  a  poor  mecha- 
nic, a  carpenter.  She  had  first  thought  of  resort- 
ing to  that  means  of  a  livelihood  owing  to  a 
neighbouring  old  woman  having  been  obliged  to 
relinquish  her  post  from  sickness,  when  my 
informant  "  succeeded  her."  In  this  way,  she 
said,  many  persons  "  succeeded"  to  the  business, 
as  the  recognised  old  hands  were  jealous  of  and 
uncivil  to  any  additional  new  corner*,  but  did 
not  object  to  a  "successor."  These  parties 
generally  know  each  other ;  they  murmur  if  the 
Haymarket  hands,  for  instance,  resort  to  the 
Lyceum  for  any  cause,  or  vice  versd,  thus  over- 
stocking the  business,  but  they  offer  no  other 
opp.>sition.  The  old  woman  further  informed  me 
that  she  commenced  selling  play-bills  at  Ast- 
ley's,  and  then  realized  a  profit  of  4s.  per  WPPK. 
When  the  old  Amphitheatre  was  burnt  u^rn, 


she  went  to  the  Victoria;  but  "business  was 
not  what  it  was,"  and  her  earnings  were  from 
o'rf.  to  Is.  a  week  less;  and  this,  she  said,  a). 
though  the  Victoria  was  considered  one  of  the 
most  profitable  stations  for  the  play-bill  seller, 
the  box-keeper  there  seldom  selling  any  bill  in 
the  theatre.  "The  boxes,"  too,  at  this  house, 
more  frequently  buy  them  outside.  Another 
reason  why  "business"  was  better  at  the  Vic- 
toria than  elsewhere  was  represented  to  me,  by 
a  person  familar  with  the  theatres,  to  be  this : 
many  go  to  the  Victoria  who  cannot  read,  or  who 
can  read  but  imperfectly,  and  they  love  to 
"make-believe"  they  are  "good  scholards"  by 
parading  the  consulting  of  a  play-bill ! 

On  my  visit  the  bill-sellers  at  the  Victoria 
were  two  old  women  (each  a  widow  for  many 
years),  two  young  men,  besides  two  or  three, 
though  there  are  sometimes  as  many  as  six  or 
seven  children.  The  old  women  "  fell  into  the 
business"  as  successors  by  virtue  of  their  pre- 
decessors' leaving  it  on  account  of  sickness.  Tho 
children  were  generally  connected  with  the  older 
dealers.  The  young  men  had  bqpn  in  this  busi- 
ness from  boyhood  ;  some  sticking  to  the  practice 
of  their  childhood  unto  manhood,  or  towards  old 
age.  The  number  at  the  Victoria  is  now,  I  am 
informed,  two  or  three  more,  as  the  theatre  is 
often  crowded.  The  old  woman  told  me  that 
she  had  known  two  and  even  four  visitors  to  the 
theatre  club  for  the  purchase  of  a  bill,  and  then 
she  had  sometimes  to  get  farthings  for  them. 

A  young  fellow — who  said  he  believed  he  was 
only  eighteen,  but  certainly  looked  older — told 
me  that  he  was  in  the  habit  of  selling  play-bills, 
but  not  regularly,  as  he  sometimes  had  a  job  in 
carrying  a  board,  or  delivering  bills  at  a  corner, 
"  or  the  likes  o'  that ;" — he  favoured  me  with 
his  opinion  of  the  merits  of  the  theatres  he  was 
practically  acquainted  with  as  regarded  their 
construction  for  the  purposes  of  the  bill-seller. 
His  mother,  who  had  been  dead  a  few  years,  had 
sold  bills,  and  had  put  him  into  the  business. 
His  ambition  seemed  to  be  to  become  a  general 
bill-sticker.  He  could  not  write  but  could  read 
very  imperfectly. 

"  Vy,  you  see,  sir,"  he  said,  "there's  sets  off. 
At  the  Market  (Haymarket),  now,  there's  this; 
there's  only  one  front,  so  you  may  look  sharp 
about  for  there  goes,  boxes,  pit,  and  gallery. 
The  'Delphis  as  good  that  way,  and  so  is  the 
Surrey,  but  them  one's  crowded  too  much. 
The  Lyceum's  built  shocking  orkered.  Vy, 
the  boxes  is  in  one  street,  and  the  pit  in  an- 
other, and  the  gallery  in  another !  It's  true, 
sir.  The  pit's  the  best  customer  in  most 
theatres,  I  think.  Ashley's  and  the  Wick  is  both 
spoiled  that  way — Ashley's  pertickr — as  the 
gallery's  a  good  step  from  the  pit  and  boxes ; 
at  the  Wick  it's  round  the  corner.  But  the 
shilling  gallery  aint  so  bad  at  Ashley's.  Sad- 
ler's Wells  I  never  tried,  it's  out  of  the  way, 
and  I  can't  tell  you  much  about  the  'Lympie 
or  the  Strand.  The  Lane  is  middling.  I  don't 
know  that  either  plays  or  actors  makes  much 
difference  to  me.  Perhaps  it's  rather  versa 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


313 


ren  it's  anything  werry  prime,  as  everybody 
teems  to  know  every  think  about  it  aforehand. 
No,  sir,  I  can't  say,  sir,  that  Mr.  Macready  did 
me  much  good.  I  sometimes  runs  along  by  a 
cab  because  I've  got  a  sixpence  from  a  swell 
for  doing  it  stunnin'.  but  werry  seldom,  and  I 
don't  much  like  it ;  though  ven  you're  at  it  you 
don't  think  of  no  fear.  I  makes  3s.  or  rather 
more  a  week  at  bill-selling,  and  as  much  other 

I  never  saw  a  play  but  once  at  the  Wick. 
I'd  rather  be  at  a  Free  and  Heasy.  I  don't 
know  as  I  knows  any  of  the  actors  or  actresses, 
either  hes  or  shes." 

The  sellers  of  play-bills  purchase  their  stock 
of  the  printer,  at  3*.  4rf.  the  hundred,  or  in 
that  proportion  for  half  or  quarter-hundreds. 
If  a  smaller  quantity  be  purchased,  the  charge 
is  usually  thirteen  for  6'rf. ;  though  they  used  to 
be  only  twelve  for  6d.  These  sellers  are  among 
the  poorest  of  the  poor ;  after  they  have  had  one 
meal,  they  do  not  know  how  to  get  another. 

reside  in  the  lowest  localities,  and  some 
ft-w  are  abandoned  and  profligate  in  character. 
They  reckon  it  a  good  night  to  earn  1*.  clear, 
but  upon  an  average  they  clear  but  3s.  per  week. 
They  lose  sometimes  by  not  selling  out  their 
nightly  stock.  What  they  have  left,  they  are 
obliged  to  sell  for  waste- paper  at  Id.  per  Ib. 
Christmas,  Easter,  and  Whitsuntide  are  gene- 
rally their  best  times — they  will  then  make  9d. 
per  night  clear.  The  printer  of  the  play-bills 

but  a  certain  number,  the  demand  being 
nearly  ascertained  week  by  week.  These 
are  all  sold  (by  the  printer  or  some  person 
appointed)  to  the  regular  customers,  in  prefer- 
ence to  others,  but  the  "  irregulars"  can  get  sup- 
plied, though  often  not  without  trouble.  The 
profit  on  all  sold  is  rather  more  than  cent  per 
cent.  intimated,  when  some  theatres 

are  closed,  the  bill-sellers  are  driven  to  others ; 
and  as  the  demand  is  necessarily  limited, 
a  superflux  of  sellers  affects  the  profits,  and 
.  .  6d.  is  considered  a  good  week's  work. 
During  the  opera  season,  I  am  told,  a  few  me- 
chanics, out  of  work,  will  sell  bills  there  and 
books  of  the  opera,  making  about  6*.  a  week, 
and  doing  better  than  the  regular  hands,  as  they 
have  a  better  address  and  are  better  clad. 

Taking  the  profits  at  3*.  a  week  at  cent,  per 

;i  the  outlay,  and  reckoning  200  sellers, 
including  those  at  the  saloons,  concert-rooms, 
&c.,  we  find  that  <»()/.  is  now  expended  weekly 
on  play-bills  purchased  in  the  streets  of  London. 

OF   TH  I.KRS  OP   PERIODICALS, 

PAMPHLETS,  TRACTS,  BOOKS,  in. 

street-sellers  are  a  numerous  body,  and 
the  majority  of  them  show  a  greater  degree  of 
industry  and 

classes  .   hare  been  for  tli'r 

•h  the  paper,  newspaper, 

g   trade,  and   seme  of  them   hare 

:nan    I 

•  up  as  a  compos 
g*R.]'ghts    in    the    j 


affected  his  eyes,  he  told  me ;  and  as  a  half- blind 
compositor  was  about  of  as  little  value,  he 
thought,  as  a  "  horse  with  a  wooden  leg,"  he 
abandoned  his  calling  for  out-of-door  labour. 
Another  had  been  a  gun-smith,  and  when  out 
of  his  apprenticeship  was  considered  a  "  don 
hand  at  hair  triggers,  for  hair  triggers  were  more 
wanted  then,"  but  an  injury  to  his  right  hand 
and  arm  had  disabled  him  as  a  mechanic,  and 
he  had  recourse  to  the  streets.  A  third  had 
been  an  ink-maker's  "young  man,"  and  had 
got  to  like  the  streets  by  calling  for  orders,  and 
delivering  bottles  of  ink,  at  the  shops  of  the 
small  stationers  and  chandlers,  and  so  he  had 
taken  to  them  for  a  living.  Of  the  book- stall- 
keepers  I  heard  of  one  man  who  had  died  a 
short  time  before,  and  who  "  once  had  been  in 
the  habit  of  buying  better  books  for  his  own 
pleasure  than  he  had  afterwards  to  sell  for  his 
bread."  Of  the  book- stall  proprietors,  I  have 
afterwards  spoken  more  fully. 

All  the  street- sellers  in  question  are  what 
street  estimation  pronounces  to  be  educated 
men ;  they  can  all,  as  far  as  I  could  ascertain, 
read  and  write,  and  some  of  them  were  "  keen- 
ish  politicians,  both  free-traders,  and  against 
free-trade  when  they  was  a-talking  of  the  better 
days  when  they  was  young."  Nearly  all  are 
married  men  with  families. 

The  divisions  into  which  these  street  traf- 
fickers may  be  formed  are  —  Odd  Number- 
sellers  —  Steamboat  Newsvendors  —  Railway 
Newsvendors,  (though  the  latter  is  now  hardly  a 
street  traffic), — the  Sellers  of  Second  Editions 
(which  I  have  already  given  as  a  portion  of  the 
patterers) — Board-workers  (also  previously  de- 
scribed, and  for  the  same  reason) — Tract-sellers 
(of  whom  I  have  given  the  number,  character, 
&c.,  and  who  are  regarded  by  the  other  street- 
sellers  as  the  idlers,  beggars,  and  pretenders  of 
the  trade),— the  Sellers  of  Childrens'  Books  and 
Song  Books — Book-auctioneers,  and  Book-stall- 
keepers. 

OF  THE  STREET-SALE  OF  BACK  NUMBERS. 
THIS  trade  is  carried  on  by  the  same  class  of 
patterers  as  work  race-cards,  second  editio! 
The  collectors  of  waste. -paper   frequently   find 
back    nnmhers   of  periodicals   in   "a  lot"  they 
in. iy   have   purchased   at  a  coffee-shop.     These 
,1  to  warehousemen  who  serve  the 

The  largest   lot   ever  sold  at  one  time 

was  some  six  or  seven  years  ago,  of  the  I'i<-fi»-i<il 

BO  weight.      A  dealer  states — 

"  I  lost  the  use  of  this  arm   ever  sinee 

three    months   old.      My    mother   died    when     I 

was  ten  years  of  age,  and   after   that  my  father 

took    tip    uitli   an    Irishwoman,    and    tunnel   me. 

and    my    youngest   sister  (she   was  tun 

younger  ^    out    into   the    streets.      My 

t  sister  £ot    emp.oyment    at    my  lather's 

iuit    I    couldn't    £et    no   work    bee.;  :' 

!<  '1    arm.      I    walked    about,    till    I    fell 

want     At  last,  a  man, 

id  a  sweetmeat-shop,   took  pity  <>i 

His   wife   made   th«    sweetmeats,    and  minded 


314 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  shop  while  he  went  out  a  juggling  in  the 
streets,  in  the  Ramo  Samee  line.  He  told  me 
as  how,  if  I  would  go  round  the  country  with 
him  and  sell  a  few  prints  while  he  was  a  jug- 
gling in  the  public-houses,  he'd  find  me  in 
wittles,  and  pay  my  lodging.  I  joined  him, 
and  stopped  with  him  two  or  three  year. 
After  that  I  went  to  work  for  a  werry 
large  waste  -  paper  dealer.  He  used  to  huy 
up  all  the  old  back  numbers  of  the  cheap 
periodicals  and  penny  publications,  and  send 
me  out  with  them  to  sell  at  a  farden'  a  piece. 
He  used  to  give  me  4d.  out  of  every  shilling, 
and  I  done  very  well  with  that,  till  the  periodi- 
cals came  so  low,  and  so  many  on  'em,  that  they 
wouldn't  sell  at  all.  Sometimes  I  could  make 
15s.  on  a  Saturday  night  and  a  Sunday  morn- 
ing, a- selling  the  odd  numbers  of  periodicals, — 
such  as  tales ;  '  Tales  of  the  Wars,'  '  Lives  of  the 
Pirates,'  '  Lives  of  the  Highwaymen,'  &c.  I've 
often  sold  as  many  as  2,000  numbers  on  a 
Saturday  night  in  the  New-cut,  and  ihs  most 
of  them  was  works  about  thieves,  and  highway- 
men, and  pirates.  Besides  me,  there  was  three 
others  at  the  same  business.  Altogether,  I  dare 
say  my  master  alone  used  to  get  rid  of  10,000 
copies  of  such  works  on  a  Saturday  night  and  a 
Sunday  morning.  Our  principal  customers  was 
young  men.  My  master  made  a  good  bit  of 
money  at  it  He  had  been  about  eighteen 
years  in  the  business,  and  had  begun  with  2*.  u'rf. 
1  was  with  him  fifteen  year,  on  and  off,  and  at 
the  best  time.  I  used  to  earn  my  30*.  a  week 
full  at  that  time.  But  then  I  was  foolish,  and 
didn't  take  care  of  my  money.  When  I  was  at 
the  'odd  number  business,'  I  bought  a  peep- 
show,  and  left  the  trade  to  go  into  that  line." 

OF  THE  SALE  OF  WASTE  NEWSPAPERS  AT 

BILLINGSGATE. 

THIS  trade  is  so  far  peculiar  that  it  is  confined 
to  Billingsgate,  as  in  that  market  alone  the 
demand  supplies  a  livelihood  to  the  man  who 
carries  it  on.  His  principal  sale  is  of  news- 
papers to  the  street- fishmongers,  as  a  large  sur- 
face of  paper  is  required  for  the  purposes  of  a 
fish-stall.  The  "waste"  trade — for  "waste" 
and  not  "waste-paper"  is  the  word  always  ap- 
plied— is  not  carried  on  with  such  facility  as 
might  be  expected,  for  I  was  assured  that 
"waste"  is  so  scarce  that  only  a  very  insuffi- 
cient supply  of  paper  can  at  present  be  ob- 
tained. "  I  hope  things  will  change  soon,  sir," 
said  one  collector,  gravely  to  me,  "  or  I  shall 
hardly  be  able  to  keep  myself  and  my  family  on 
my  waste." 

This  difficulty,  however,  does  not  affect  such 
a  street-seller  as  the  man  at  Billingsgate,  who 
buys  of  the  collectors — "collecting,"  however, 
a  portion  himself  at  the  neighbouring  coffee- 
shops,  public-houses,  &c. ;  for  the  wants  of  a 
regular  customer  must,  by  some  means  or  other, 
be  supplied. 

The  Billingsgate  paper- seller  carries  his  paper 
rcivnd,  offering  it  to  his  customers,  or  to  those  he 
wishes  to  make  purchasers ;  some  fishmongers* 


however,  obtain  their  "waste"  first-hand  from 
the  collectors,  or  buy  it  at  a  news-agent's. 

The  retail  price  varies  from  2d.  to  3Jrf.  the 
pound,  but  3|<f.  is  only  given  for  "  very  clean 
and  prime,  and  perhaps  uncut,"  newspapers; 
for  when  a  newsvendor  has,  as  it  is  called, 
"  over- stocked "  himself,  he  sells  ihe  uncut 
papers  at  last  to  the  collector,  or  the  "  waste"  con- 
sumer. This  happens,  I  was  told,  twenty  times 
as  often  with  the  "weeklys"  as  the  "dailys;" 
for,  said  my  informant,  "  suppose  it's  a  wet  Sun- 
day morning — and  all  newsvendors  as  does  pray, 
prays  for  wet  Sundays,  because  then  people 
stays  at  home  and  buys  a  paper,  or  some 
number,  to  read  and  pass  away  the  time.  Well, 
sir,  suppose  it's  a  soaker  in  the  morning,  the 
newsman  buys  a  good  lot,  an  extra  nine,  or  two 
extra  nines,  or  the  like  of  that,  and  then  may 
be,  after  all,  it  comes  out  a  fine  day,  and  so  he's 
over-stocked  ;  in  which  case  there's  some  for 
the  waste." 

When  they  consider  it  a  favourable  oppor- 
tunity, the  workers  carry  waste  to  offer  to  the 
Billingsgate  salesmen  ;  but  the  chief  trade  is 
in  the  hands  of  the  regular  frequenter  of  the 
market. 

From  the  best  information  I  could  obtain,  it 
appears  that  from  70  to  100  pounds  weight  of 
"  waste  " — about  three-fourths  being  newspapers, 
of  which  some  are  foreign — is  supplied  to  Bil- 
lingsgate market  and  its  visitants.  Two  num- 
bers of  the  Times,  with  their  supplements,  one 
paper-buyer  told  me,  "when  cleverly  damped, 
and  they're  never  particularly  dry,"  will  weigh 
about  a  pound.  The  average  price  is  not  less 
than  2 \d.  a  pound,  or  from  that  to  3d.  A  single 
paper  is  Id.  At  2|rf.  per  pound,  and  85  pounds 
a  day,  upwards  of  2751.  is  spent  yearly  in  waste 
paper  at  Billingsgate,  in  the  street  or  open-air 
purchase  alone. 

OF  THE  SALE  OF  PERIODICALS  ON  THE  STEAM- 
BOATS  AND  STEAM-BOAT  PlERS. 

IN  this  traffic  are  engaged  about  20  men, 
"  when  the  days  are  light  until  eight  o'clock;" 
from  10  to  15,  if  the  winter  be  a  hard  winter ; 
and  if  the  river  steamers  are  unable  to  run — 
none  at  all.  This  winter,  however,  there  has 
been  no  cessation  in  the  running  of  the  "boats," 
except  on  a  few  foggy  days.  The  steam-boa* 
paper-sellers  are  generally  traders  on  their  own 
account  (all,  I  believe,  have  been  connected 
with  the  newsvendors'  trade) ;  some  few  are  the 
servants  of  newsvenders,  sent  out  to  deal  at 
the  wharfs  and  on  board  the  boats. 

The  trade  is  not  so  remunerative  that  any 
payment  is  rrade  to  the  proprietors  of  the  boats 
or  wharfs  for  the  privilege  of  selling  papers 
there  (as  in  the  case  of  the  railways),  but  it  is 
necessary  to  "  obtain  leave,"  from  those  who 
have  authority  to  give  it 

The  steam-boat  paper-seller  steps  on  board  a 
few  minutes  before  the  boat  starts,  when  there 
are  a  sufficient  number  of  voyagers  assembled. 
He  traverses  the  deck  and  dives  into  the  cabin*, 
offering  his  "  papers,"  the  titles  of  which  h« 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


315 


ar.nour..>is :  "  Punch,  penny  Punch,  real  Punch, 
last  number  for  3d. — comic  sheets,  a  penny — 
All  the  London  periodicals — Guide  to  the 
Thames." 

From  one  of  these  frequenters  of  steam-boats 
for  the  purposes  of  his  business,  I  had  the 
following  account : 

"  I  was  a  news-agent's  boy,  sir,  near  a  pier, 
for  three  or  four  year,  then  I  got  a  start  for 
myself,  and  now  I  serve  a  pier.  It's  not  such 
a  trade  as  you  might  think,  still  it's  bread  and 
cheese  and  a  drop  of  beer.  I  go  on  board  to 
sell  my  papers.  It's  seldom  I  sell  a  news- 
paper; there's  no  call  for  it  on  the  river,  ex- 
cept at  the  foreign-going  ships— a  few  as  is 
sold  to  them — but  I  don't  serve  none  on  'em. 
People  reads  the  news  for  nothing  at  the  cof- 
fee- sli ops  when  they  breakfasts,  I  s'pose,  and 
goes  on  as  if  they  took  in  the  Times,  Chron,  and 
-pubs,  we  calls  the  Twer— all  to  their 
own  cheek.  It's  penny  works  I  sell  the  most 
of;  indeed,  it's  very  seldom  I  offer  anything 
else,  'cause  it's  little  use.  Penny  Punches  is 
fair  sale,  and  I  calls  it  '  Punch  '—just  Punch. 
It's  dead  now,  I  believe,  but  there's  old  num- 
bers ;  still  they'll  be  done  in  time.  The  real 
Punch — I  sell  from  six  to  twelve  a  week — I 
call  that  there  as  the  reel  Punch.  Galleries 
of  Comicalities  is  a  middling  sale  ;  people 
take  them  home  with  them,  I  think.  Guides  to 
the  Thames  is  good  in  summer.  They're  illus- 
trated ;  but  people  sometimes  grumbles  and 
calls  them  catchpennies.  It  ain't  my  fault  if 
they're  not  all  that's  expected,  but  people  ex- 
pects everything  for  Id.  Joe  Millers  and  'Sto- 
phelees"  (Mephistopheles)  "  I've  sold,  and  said 
they  was  oppositions  to  Punch ;  that's  a  year  or 
more  back,  but  they  was  old,  and  to  be  had 
cheap.  I  sell  Lloyd's  and  Reynolds's  pennies 
—  fairish,  both  of  them;  so's  the  Family  He- 
rald and  the  London  Journal — very  fair.  I 
don't  venture  on  any  three-halfpenny  books  on 
anything  like  a  spec.,  acause  people  says  at 
'  A  penny — I'll  give  you  a  penny.'  1 
sell  seven  out  of  eight  of  what  I  do  sell 
to  gents. ;  more  than  that,  perhaps;  for  you'll 
not  often  see  a  woman  buy  nothing  wots  in- 
to improve  her  mind.  A  young  woman, 
like  a  maid  of  all  work,  buys  sometimes 
and  looks  hard  at  the  paper  ;  but  I  some- 
times thinks  it's  to  show  she  can  read.  A 
summer  Sunday's  my  !  ut  and  out. 

s  new  faces  then,  and  one  goes  on  bolder. 
I've  known  young  gents,  buy,  just  to  offer  to 
young  women,  I'm  pretty  well  satisfied.  It's  a 
introduction.  /  fiatv  mrt  with  real  gcnr. 

vcr  all   I   offered   for  sale  and 
then  said:  'Nothing  I   want,  my  good  fellow, 
but  here's  a  penny  for  your  trouble.'     I  wish 
then   was   more    of    them.       I     do   sin 
Sometimes  I've  gone  on  board  and  not  sold  one 
paper.     I  buy  in  the  regular  way,  Dd.  for  > 
1  -Hi--    thirteen    to   the   dozen)   of 

.  t  know  what  I  make,  for  !  keep 
no  count  .  perhaps  a  tov.  in  a  good  week  and  a 
••If  in  anoti. 


I  am  informed  that  the  average  earnings  of 
these  traders,  altogether,  may  be  taken  at  15*. 
weekly ;  calculating  that  twelve  carry  on  the 
trade  the  year  through,  we  find  that  (assuming 
each  man  to  sell  at  thirty-three  per  cent,  pro- 
fit— though  in  the  case  of  old  works  it  will  be 
cent  per  cent)  upwards  of  1,5007.  are  ex- 
pended annually  in  steam- boat  papers. 

OP  THE  SALE  OF  NEWSPAPERS,  BOOKS,  &c., 

AT  THE  RAILWAY  STATIONS. 
ALTHOUGH  the  sale  of  newspapers  at  the  rail- 
way termini,  &c.,  cannot  strictly  be  classed  as 
a  street-sale,  it  is  so  far  an  open-air  traffic  as 
to  require  some  brief  notice,  and  it  has  now 
become  a  trade  of  no  small  importance. 

The  privilege  of  selling  to  railway-passengers, 
within  the  precincts  of  the  terminus,  is  disposed 
of  by  tender.  At  present  the  newsvendor  on  the 
North- Western  Line,  I  am  informed,  pays  to 
the  company,  for  the  right  of  sale  at  the  Euston- 
square  terminus,  and  the  provincial  stations,  as 
large  a  sum  as  1,700/.  per  annum.  The  amount 
usually  given  is  of  course  in  proportion  to  the 
number  of  stations,  and  the  traffic  of  the  rail- 
way. 

The  purchaser  of  this  exclusive  privilege 
sends  his  own  servants  to  sell  the  newspapers  and 
books,  which  he  supplies  to  them  in  the  quantity 
required.  The  men  thus  engaged  are  paid  from 
20s.  to  30s.  a  week,  and  the  boys  receive  from 
6s.  to  10s.  6d.  weekly,  but  rarely  10s.  6d. 

All  the  morning  and  evening  papers  are  sold 
at  the  Station,  but  of  the  weekly  press,  those  are 
sent  for  sale  which  in  the  manager's  judgment 
are  likely  to  sell,  or  which  his  agent  informs 
him  are  "asked  for."  It  is  the  same  with  the 
weekly  unstamped  publications.  The  reason 
seems  obvious ;  if  there  be  more  than  can  be 
sold,  a  dead  loss  is  incurred,  for  the  surplusage, 
as  regards  newspapers,  is  only  saleable  as  waste 
paper. 

The  books  sold  at  railways  are  nearly  all  ot 
the  class  best  known  as  "  light  reading,"  or 
what  some  account  light  reading.  The  price 
does  not  often  exceed  Is. ;  and  among  the  hooks 
offered  for  sale  in  these  places  are  novels  in 
one  volume,  published  at  Is. — sometimes  in  two 
volumes,  at  Is.  each  ;  "  monthly  parts  "  of  works 
issued  in  weekly  numbers ;  shilling  books  of 
pin-try;  but  rarely  political  or  controversial 
pamphlets.  One  man,  who  understood  this 
trade,  told  me  that  "  a  few  of  the  pamphlets 
about  the  Pope  and  Cardinal  Wiseman  sold  at 
first;  but  in  a  month  or  six  weeks,  people  bc^an 
to  say,  'A  shilling  for  that!  I'm  sick  of  the 
thing.'  " 

The  large  sum  given  for  the  privilege  of  an 

exclusive  sale,  shows  that  the  number  of  books 

and  papers  sold  at  railway  stations  must  he  very 

COnoderaliie.      li.it    it    must    he  home   in   mind, 

that    the    price,    .mil   consequently  the   profit  on 

•  rs,    sold    at    the   railways,    is 

None  arc  charged  ICM 

/.,   the  regular  price  at  a  news-. 

shop  being  ."-'/.,  M>  that  as  the  cost  price  is  id 


316 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  profit  is  double.  Nor  is  it  unusual  for  a 
passenger  by  an  early  train,  who  grows  impa- 
tient for  his  paper,  to  cry  out,  "  A  shilling  for 
the  Times  !  "  This,  however,  is  only  the  case, 
I  am  told,  with  those  who  start  very  early  in 
the  morning  ;  for  the  daily  papers  are  obtained 
for  the  railway  stations  from  among  the  earliest 
impressions,  and  can  be  had  at  the  accustomed 
price  as  early  as  six  o'clock,  although,  if  there 
be  exciting  news  and  a  great  demand,  a  larger 
amount  may  be  given. 

OF  THE  STREET  BOOKSELLERS. 
THE  course  of  my  inquiry  now  leads  me  to 
consider  one  of  the  oldest,  and  certainly  not 
least  important  of  the  street  traffics — that  of 
the  book-stalls.  Of  these  there  are  now  about 
twenty  in  the  London  streets,  but  in  this 
number  I  include  only  those  which  are  properly 
street-stalls.  Many  book-stalls,  as  in  such  a 
locality  as  the  London-road,  are  appendages  to 
•liops,  being  merely  a  display  of  wares  outside 
the  bookseller's  premises ;  and  with  these  I  do 
not  now  intend  to  deal. 

The  men  in  this  trade  1  found  generally  to  be 
intelligent.  They  have  been,  for  the  most  part, 
engaged  in  some  minor  department  of  the  book- 
selling or  newspaper  trade,  in  the  regular  way, 
and  are  unconnected  with  the  street-sellers  in 
other  lines,  of  whose  pursuits,  habits,  and 
characters,  they  seem  to  know  nothing. 

The  street  book-stalls  are  most  frequent  in 
the  thoroughfares  which  are  well-frequented, 
but  which,  as  one  man  in  the  trade  expressed 
himself,  are  not  so  "shoppy"  as  others — such 
as  the  City-road,  the  New-road,  and  the  Old 
Kent-road.  "  If  there's  what  you  might  call 
a  recess,"  observed  another  street  book-stall- 
keeper,  "that's  the  place  for  us;  and  you'll 
often  see  us  along  with  flower-stands  and 
pinners-up."  The  stalls  themselves  do  not 
present  any  very  smart  appearance ;  they  are 
.isually  of  plain  deal.  If  the  stock  of  books 
be  sufficiently  ample,  they  are  disposed  on  the 
surface  of  the  stall,  "  fronts  up,"  as  I  heard  it 
described,  with  the  titles,  when  lettered  on  the 
back,  like  as  they  are  presented  in  a  library.  If 
the  "front"  be  unlettered,  as  is  often  the  case 
with  the  older  books,  a  piece  of  paper  is 
attached,  and  on  it  is  inscribed  the  title  and 
the  price.  Sometimes  the  description  is  ex- 
ceeding curt,  as,  "  Poetry,"  "  French,"  "  Re- 
ligious," "Latin"  (I  saw  an  odd  volume,  in 
Spanish,  of  Don  Quixote,  marked  "Latin,"  but 
it  was  at  a  shop-seller's  stall,)  "  Pamphlets," 
and  such  like ;  or  where  it  seems  to  have  been 
thought  necessary  to  give  a  somewhat  fuller 
appellation,  such  titles  are  written  out  as 
"  Locke's  Understanding,"  "  Watts' s  Mind,"  or 
"  Pope's  Rape."  If  the  stock  be  rather  scant, 
the  side  of  the  buoK  is  then  shown,  and  is  either 
covered  with  white  paper,  on  which  the  title 
and  price  are  written,  or  "  brushed,"  or  else  a 
piece  of  paper  is  attached,  with  the  necessary 
announcement. 

Sometimes  these  an  Kwncements  are  striking 


enough,  as  where  a  number  of  works  of  the 
same  size  have  been  bound  together  (which 
used  to  be  the  case,  I  am  told,  more  frequently 
than  it  is  now) ;  or  where  there  has  been  a  series 
of  stories  in  one  volume.  One  such  announce- 
ment was,  "  Smollett's  Peregrine  Pickle  Captain 
Kyd  Pirate  Prairie  Rob  of  the  Bowl  Bamfyeld 
Moore  Carew  2s."  Alongside  this  miscella- 
neous volume  was,  "  Wilberforce's  Practical 
View  of  Christianity,  Is. ;"  "  Fenelon's  Aven- 
tures  de  T61e"maque,  plates,  9d. ;"  "  Arres,  de 
Predestinatione,  Is."  (the  last-mentioned  work, 
which,  at  the  first  glance,  seems  as  if  it  were 
an  odd  mixture  of  French  and  Latin,  was  a 
Latin  quarto);  "  Coronis  ad  Collationem  Ha- 
giensem,  &c.  &c.,  Gulielmo  Amesio."  Another 
work,  on  another  stall,  had  the  following  de- 
scription: "Lord  Mount  Edgecumbe's  Opera 
What  is  Currency  Watts's  Scripture  History 
Thoughts  on  Taxation  only  Is.  3d."  Another 
was,  "  Knickerbocker  Bacon  1*."  As  a  rule, 
however,  the  correctness  with  which  the  work 
is  described  is  rather  remarkable. 

At  some  few  of  the  street- stalls,  and  at  many 
of  the  shop-stalls,  are  boxes,  containing  works 
marked,  "  All  Id.,"  or  2d.,  3d.,  or  4rf.  Among 
these  are  old  Court- Guides,  Parliamentary  Com- 
panions, Railway  Plans,  and  a  variety  of  ser- 
mons, and  theological,  as  well  as  educational 
and  political  pamphlets.  To  show  the  charac- 
ter of  the  publications  thus  offered — not,  per- 
haps, as  a  rule,  but  generally  enough,  for  sale — 
I  copied  down  the  titles  of  some  at  Id.  and  Id. 

"All  these  at  Id.—'  Letters  to  the.  Right 
Honourable  Lord  John  Russell,  on  State  Edu- 
cation, by  Edward  Baines,  jun. ;'  '  A  Pastoral 
Letter  to  the  Clergy  and  Members  of  the  Pro- 
testant Episcopal  Church  in  the  United  States 
of  America ;'  '  A  Letter  to  the  Protestant  Dis- 
senters of  England  and  Wales,  by  the  Rev. 
Robert  Ainslie ;'  '  Friendly  Advice  to  Con- 
servatives ;'  '  Elementary  Thoiights  on  the 
Principles  of  Currency  and  Wealth,  and  on 
the  Means  of  Diminishing  the  Burthens  of 
the  People,  by  J.  D.  Basset,  Esq.,  price  2s.  6d.'  " 
The  others  were  each  published  at  Is. 

"  All  these  at  Id. — '  Poems,  by  Eleanor  Tat- 
lock,  1811,  2  vols.,  9s. ;'  '  Two  Sermons,  on  the 
Fall  and  Final  Restoration  of  the  Jews,  by  the 
Rev.  John  Stuart ;'  '  Thoughts  and  Feelings, 
by  Arthur  Brooke,  1820;'  'The  Amours  of 
Philander  and  Sylvia,  being  the  third  and  last 
part  of  Love-letters  between  a  Nobleman  and 
his  Sister.  Volume  the  Second.  The  Seventh 
Edition.  London.' " 

From  a  cursory  examination  of  the  last-men- 
tioned twopenny  volume,  I  could  see  nothing  of 
the  nobleman  or  his  sister.  It  is  one  of  an  inane 
class  of  books,  originated,  I  believe,  in  the  latter 
part  of  the  reign  of  Charles  II.  Such  p  iblica- 
tions  professed  to  be  (and  some  few  were)  records 
of  the  court  and  city  scandal  of  the  day,  but  111 
general  they  were  works  founded  on  the  reputa- 
tion of  the  current  scandal.  In  shjrt,  to  adopl 
the  language  of  patterers,  they  were  "cocks" 
issued  by  the  publishers  of  that  period;  and 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


317 


they  continued  to  be  published  until  the  middle 
of  the  eighteenth  century,  or  a  little  later.  I 
notice  this  description  of  literature  the  more, 
particularly  as  it  is  still  frequently  to  be  met 
with  in  street-sale.  "  There's  oft  enough,"  one 
atreet-bookseller  said  to  me,  "  works  of  that  sort 
making  up  a  '  lot '  at  a  sale,  and  in  very  respect- 
able rooms.  As  if  they  were  make-weights,  or 
to  make  up  a  sufficient  number  of  books,  and  so 
they  keep  their  hold  in  the  streets." 

As  many  of  my  readers  may  have  little,  if 
any,  knowledge  of  this  class  of  street-sold  works, 
I  cite  a  portion  of  the  "epistle  dedicatory," 
and  a  specimen  of  the  style,  of  "  Philander  and 
Sylvia,"  to  show  the  change  in  street,  as  well 
as  in  general  literature,  as  no  such  works  are 
now  published : 

"  To  the  Lord  Spencer,  My  Lord,  when  a  new  book 
comes  into  the  world,  the  first  thing  we  considsr  is 
the  dedication ;  and  according  to  the  quality  and 
humour  of  the  patron,  we  are  apt  to  make  a  judg- 
ment of  the  following  subject.  If  to  a  statesman  we 
believe  it  grave  and  politic ;  if  to  a  gownman,  law  or 
divinity  ;  if  to  the  young  and  gay,  love  and  gallantry. 
By  this  rule,  I  believe  the  gentle  reader,  who  finds 
your  lordship's  iiame  prefixed  before  this,  will  make 
as  many  various  opinions  of  it,  as  they  do  characters 
of  your  lordship,  whose  youthful  sallies  have  been  the 
business  of  so  much  discourse  ;  and  which,  according 
to  the  relator's  sense  or  good  nature,  is  either  aggra- 
vated or  excused ;  though  the  woman's  quarrel  to 
your  lordship  h?t>  some  more  reasonable  foundation, 
than  that  of  your  own  sex ;  for  your  lordship  being 
formed  with  all  the  beauties  and  graces  of  mankind, 
all  the  charms  of  wit,  youth,  and  sweetness  of  dispo- 
sition (derived  to  you  from  an  illustrious  race  of 
heroes)  adapting  you  to  the  noblest  love  and  softness, 
they  cannot  but  complain  on  that  mistaken  conduct 
of  yours,  that  so  lavishly  deals  out  those  agreeable 
attractions,  squandering  away  that  youth  and  time 
on  many,  which  mL'ht  be  more  advantageously  dedi- 
cated to  some  one  of  the  fair;  and  by  a  liberty  (which 
they  call  not  being  discreet  enough)  rob  them  of  ail 
the  hopes  of  conquest  over  that  heart  which  they 
believe  can  fix  no  where  ;  they  cannot  caress  you  into 
lameness ;  or  if  you  sometimes  appear  so,  they  are 
still  upon  their  guard  with  you;  for  like  a  young  lion 
you  are  ever  apt  to  leap  into  your  natural  wildness; 
the  greatness  of  your  soul  disdaining  to  be  confined 
to  lazy  repose;  though  the  delicacy  of  your  person 
and  constitution  so  absolutely  require  it;  your  lord- 
ship not  being  made  for  diversions  so  rough  and 
fatiguing,  as  those  your  active  mind  would  impose 
upon  it." 

The  last  sentence  is  very  long,  so  that  a 
f.hortcr  extract  may  serve  as  a  specimen  of  the 
staple  of  this  book-making : 

"  To  Philander, — False  and  perjured  as  you  are,  I 
languish  for  a  tight  of  you,  and  conjure  you  to  give  it 
m«   as  soon  as  this  comes  to  your  hands.     I  • 
not    that    I    have     prepared    those     instruments    of 
revenge  that  are  so  Justly  due   to  your  perfidy;  but 

that  I  have  yet  to.,  tender  sentiments  ; 
in  spite  of  the  outrage  you  have  done  my  heart;  and 
.hat  for  all  tlic  ruin  you  have  made,  I  •till  adore  you* 
and  though  1  know  you  are  now  another's  slave,  yet  I 
beg  you  would  vouchsafe  to  behold  the  spoils  you 
have  made,  and  allow  me  this  recompense  for  all, 
to  say— Here  was  the  beauty  I  one*  esteemed,  though 
•ow  she  is  no  more  Philander'.  Sylvia." 

Having  thus  described  what  may  be 

il  parts  of  this  stall  trade,  1 
proceed   to  the  more  general  character  0 
tiaas  of  books  sold. 


OF  THE  CHARACTER  OF  BOOKS  OF  THE 
STREET-SALBK 

THERE  has  been  a  change,  and  in  some  re- 
spects a  considerable  change,  in  the  character 
or  class  of  books  sold  at  the  street- stalls,  within 
the  last  40  or  50  years,  as  I  have  ascertained 
from  the  most  experienced  men  in  the  trade. 
Now  sermons,  or  rather  the  works  of  the  old 
divines,  are  rarely  seen  at  these  stalls,  or  if 
seen,  are  rarely  purchased.  Black-letter  edi- 
tions are  very  unfrequent  at  street  book-stalls, 
and  it  is  twenty  times  more  difficult,  I  am 
assured,  for  street- sellers  to  pick  up  anything 
really  rare  and  curious,  than  it  was  in  the  eurly 
part  of  the  century. 

One  reason  assigned  for  this  change  by  an 
intelligent  street-seller  was,  that  black-letter  or 
any  ancient  works,  were  almost  all  purchased 
by  the  second-hand  booksellers,  who  have  shops 
and  issue  catalogues,  as  they  had  a  prompt  sale 
for  them  whenever  they  could  pick  them  up 
at  book-auctions  or  elsewhere.  "  Ay,  indeed," 
said  another  book-stall  keeper,  "  anything  scarce 
or  curious,  when  it's  an  old  book,  is  kept  out  of 
the  streets  ;  if  it's  not  particular  decent,  sir," 
(with  a  grin),  "  why  it's  reckoned  all  the  more 
curious,  —  that's  the  word,  sir,  I  know, — 
'  curious.'  I  can  tell  how  many  beans  make 
five  as  well  as  you  or  anybody.  Why,  now, 
there's  a  second-hand  bookseller  not  a  hun- 
dred miles  from  Holborn — and  a  pleasant,  nice 
man  he  is,  and  does  a  respectable  business — 
and  he  puts  to  the  end  of  his  catalogue — they 
all  have  catalogues  that's  in  a  good  way — two 
pages  that  he  calls  '  Facetiae.'  They're  titles 
and  prices  of  queer  old  books  in  all  languages — 
indecent  books,  indeed.  He  sends  his  catalogues 
to  a  many  clergymen  and  learned  people ;  and 
to  any  that  he  thinks  wouldn't  much  admire 
seeing  his  '  Facetiae,'  he  pulls  the  last  leaf  out, 
and  sends  his  catalogue,  looking  finished  without 
it.  Those  last  two  pages  aren't  at  all  the  worst 
part  of  his  trade  among  buyers  that's  worth 
money." 

In  one  respect  a  characteristic  of  this  trade 
is  unaltered ;  I  allude  to  the  prevalence  of 
"  odd  volumes  "  at  the  cheaper  stalls, — not  the 
odd  volumes  of  a  novel,  but  more  frequently  of 
one  of  the  essayists — the  "  Spectator"  especially . 
One  stall-keeper  told  me,  that  if  he  purchased 
an  old  edition  of  the  "Spectator,"  in  eight  vols., 
lie  could  more  readily  sell  it  in  single  volumes. 
at  4</.  each,  than  sell  the  eight  vols.  altogether 
for  2i.,  or  even  Is.  \<L,  though  this  was  hut  2</. 
a  volume. 

"  There's   nothing   in   my  trade,"    said   one 

•okseller  with  whom  I  conversed  on  the. 

v.ihject,  "  that  sells  better,  or  indeed  so  well,  a* 

Kn^hsh    classics.     I    can't  offer   to   draw   fine 

"iiv.  and    I'm  just  speaking  of  m 
plain  way  of  trade  ;  hut   /  call    Knglish  clas- 
sics six  tin-    '  Sjk-i-tatiir.1    '  Taller,' 
Adventurer,'     '   Kamlder,'    '  Ra- 

sellaa,'     'The    Viear    ,,f    TYakefield;    '  ' 

n  Jones   '  (Mildxmith's    lii» 


318 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tones  of  Greece,  Rome,  and  England '  (they 
all  sell  quick),  '  Enfield's  Speaker,'  '  mixed 
plays,'  the  *  Sentimental  Journey,'  no,  sir, 
1  Tristram  Shandy,'  rather  hangs  on  hand,  the 
'Pilgrim's  Progress'  (but  it  must  be  sold  very 
low),  '  Robinson  Crusoe,'  '  Philip  Quarles,' 
'  Telemachus,'  'Gil  Bias,'  and '  Junius's  Letters/ 
I  don't  remember  more  at  this  moment,  such 
as  are  of  good  sale.  I  haven't  included  poetry, 
because  I'm  speaking  of  English  classics,  and 
of  course  they  must  be  oldish  works  to  be 
classics." 

Concerning  the  street  sale  of  poetical  works 
I  learned  from  street  book-sellers,  that  their 
readiest  sale  was  of  volumes  of  Shakespeare, 
Pope,  Thomson,  Goldsmith,  Cowper,  Burns, 
Byron,  and  Scott  "You  must  recollect,  sir," 
said  one  dealer,  "  that  in  nearly  all  those  poets 
there's  a  double  chance  for  sale  at  book-stalls. 
For  what  with  old  editions,  and  new  and  cheap 
editions,  there's  always  plenty  in  the  market, 
and  very  low.  No,  I  can't  say  I  could  sell 
Milton  as  quickly  as  any  of  those  mentioned, 
nor  '  Hudibras,'  nor  '  Young's  Night  Thoughts,' 
nor  Prior,  nor  Dry  den,  nor  '  Gay's  Fables.' 
It's  seldom  that  we  have  any  works  of  Hood, 
or  Shelley,  or  Coleridge,  or  Wordsworth,  or 
Moore  at  street  stalls — you  don't  often  see  them, 
I  think,  at  booksellers'  stalls — for  they're  soon 
picked  up.  Poetry  sells  very  fair,  take  it 
altogether." 

Another  dealer  told  me  that  from  twenty  to 
thirty  years  ago  there  were  at  the  street-stalls 
a  class  of  works  rarely  seen  now.  He  had 
known  them  in  all  parts  and  had  disposed  of 
them  in  his  own  way  of  business.  He  specified 
the  "Messiah"  (Klopstock's)  as  of  this  class, 
the  "  Death  of  Abel,"  the  "  Castle  of  Otranto  " 
("  but  that's  seen  occasionally  still,"  he  ob- 
served), the  "  Old  English  Baron  "  ("  and  that's 
seen  still  too,  but  nothing  to  what  it  were  once  "), 
the  "Young  Man's  Best  Companion"  "Zim- 
merman on  Solitude,"  and  "  Burke  on  the  Sub- 
lime and  Beautiful"  ("but  I  have  that  yet 
sometimes.")  These  works  were  of  heavy  sale 
in  the  streets,  and  my  informant  thought  they 
had  been  thrown  into  the  street-trade  because 
the  publishers  had  not  found  them  saleable  in 
the  regular  way.  "  I  was  dead  sick  of  the 
'Death  of  Abel,'  "  observed  the  man,  "before 
I  could  get  out  of  him."  Occasionally  are  to 
be  seen  at  most  of  the  stalls,  works  of  which 
the  majority  of  readers  have  heard,  but  may  not 
have  met  with.  Among  such  I  saw  "  Laura," 
by  Capel  Lloftt,  4  vols.  Is.  6d.  "Darwin's 
Botanic  Garden,"  2s.  "  Alfred,  an  Epic  Poem," 
by  H.  J.  Pye,  Poet  Laureate,  lOrf.  "  Ccelebs 
In  search  of  a  Wife,"  2  vols.  in  one,  Is. 

The  same  informant  told  me  that  he  had 
lived  near  an  old  man  who  died  twenty-five 
years  ago,  or  it  might  be  more,  with  whom  he 
was  somewhat  intimate.  This  old  man  had 
been  all  his  life  familiar  with  the  street  trade 
in  books,  which  he  had  often  hawked— a  trade 
now  almost  unknown ;  his  neighbour  had  heard 
him  say  that  fifty  to  seventy  years  ago,  he 


made  his  two  guineas  a  week  "  without  dis- 
tressing hisself,"  meaning,  I  was  told,  that  h» 
was  drinking  every  Monday  at  .east  Thia 
old  man  used  to  tell  that  in  his  day,  the 
"Whole  Duty  of  Man,"  and  the  "Tale  of  a 
Tub,"  and  "Pomfret's  Poems,"  and  "  Pamela,  " 
and  "  Sir  Charles  Grandison"  went  off  well,  but 
"  Pamela"  the  best  "  And  I've  heard  the  old 
man  say,  sir,"  I  was  further  told,  "how  he 
had  to  tread  his  shoes  straight  about  what  books 
he  showed  publicly.  He  sold  '  Tom  Paine '  on 
the  sly.  If  anybody  bought  a  book  and  would 
pay  a  good  price  for  it,  three  times  as  much  as 
was  marked,  he'd  give  the  '  Age  of  Reason  '  in. 
I  never  see  it  now,  but  I  don't  suppose  any- 
body would  interfere  if  it  was  offered.  A  sly 
trade's  always  the  best  for  paying,  and  for 
selling  too.  The  old  fellow  used  to  laugh  and 
say  his  stall  was  quite  a  godly  stall,  and  he 
wasn't  often  without  a  copy  or  two  of  the 
'  Anti-Jacobin  Review,'  which  was  all  forChurch 
and  State  and  all  that,  though  he  had  'Tom 
Paine '  in  a  drawer." 

The  books  sold  at  the  street-stalls  are  pur- 
chased by  the  retailers  either  at  the  auctions 
of  the  regular  trade,  or  at  "  chance,"  or  general 
auctions,  or  of  the  Jews  or  others  who  may 
have  bought  books  cheap  under  such  cir- 
cumstances. Often,  however,  the  stall-keeper 
has  a  market  peculiarly  his  own.  It  is  not 
uncommon  for  working  men  or  tradesmen,  if 
they  become  "  beaten-down  and  poor"  to  carry 
a  basket-full  of  books  to  a  stall-keeper,  and 
say,  "  Here,  give  me  half-a-crown  for  these." 
One  man  had  forty  parts,  each  issued  at  1*., 
of  a  Bible,  offered  to  him  at  Id.  a  part,  by  a 
mechanic  who  could  not  any  longer  afford  to 
"take  them  in,"  and  was  at  last  obliged  to 
sell  off  what  he  had.  Of  course  such  things 
are  nearly  valueless  when  imperfect  Very  few 
works  are  bought  for  street- stall  sale  of  the 
regular  booksellers. 

OF  THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  A  STREET  BOOK- 
SELLER. 

I  «ow  give  a  statement,  furnished  to  me  by  an 
experienced  man,  as  to  the  nature  of  his  trade, 
and  the  class  of  his  customers.  Most  readers 
will  remember  having  seen  an  account  in  the 
life  of  some  poor  scholar,  having  read — and  oc- 
casionally, in  spite  of  the  remonstrances  of 
the  stall-keeper — some  work  which  he  was  too 
needy  to  purchase,  and  even  of  his  having  read 
it  through  at  intervals.  That  something  of  this 
kind  is  still  to  be  met  with  will  be  found  from 
the  following  account : 

"  My  customers,  sir,  are  of  all  sorts,"  my 
informant  said.  "  They're  gentlemen  on  their 
way  from  the  City,  that  have  to  pass  along 
here  by  the  City-road.  Bankers'  clerks,  very 
likely,  or  insurance-office  clerks,  or  such  like. 
They're  fairish  customers,  but  they  often  screw 
me.  Why  only  last  month  a  gentleman  I  know 
very  well  by  sight,  and  I  see  him  pass  in  hi« 
brougham  in  bad  weather,  took  up  an  old  Latin 
book — if  I  remember  right  it  was  an  odd  volunat 


LOXDON  LABOUR  .4ND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


319 


of  a  French  edition  of  Horace — and  though  it 
was  marked  only  8rf.,  it  was  long  before  he 
would  consent  to  give  more  than  (W.  And  I 
should  never  have  got  my  price  if  I  hadn't  heard 
him  say  quite  hastily,  when  he  took  up  the  book, 
4  The  very  thing  I've  long  been  looking  for  I ' 
Mechanic's  are  capital  customers  for  scientific  or 
trade  books,  such  as  suit  their  business ;  and  so 
they  often  are  for  geography  and  history,  and 
some  for  poetry ;  but  tfoy're  not  so  screwy.  I 
know  a  many  such  who  are  rare  ones  for  search- 
ing into  knowledge.  Women  buy  very  little  of 
me  in  comparison  to  men ;  sometimes  an  odd 
novel,  in  one  volume,  when  its  cheap,  such  as 
'  The  Pilot,'  or  '  The  Spy,'  or  '  The  Farmer  of 
Ingle  wood  Forest,'  or  '  The  Monk.'  No  doubt 
some  buy  '  The  Monk,'  not  knowing  exactly  what 
sort  of  a  book  it  is,  but  just  because  it's  a  ro- 
mance ;  but  some  young  men  buy  it,  I  know, 
because  they  have  learned  what  sort  it's  like. 
Old  three  vol.  novels  won't  sell  at  all,  if  they're 
ever  so  cheap.  Boys  very  seldom  buy  of  me, 
unless  it's  a  work  about  pigeons,  or  something 
that  way. 

"  I  can't  say  that  odd  vols.  of  Annual  Regis- 
ters are  anything  but  a  bad  sale,  but  odd  vols. 
of  old  Mags,  (magazines),  a  year  or  half-year 
bound  together,  are  capital.  Old  London  Mags., 
or  Ladies',  or  Oxford  and  Cambridges,  or  Town 
and  Countrys,  or  Universals,  or  Monthly  Re- 
views, or  Humourists,  or  Ramblers,  or  Europe- 
ans, or  any  of  any  sort,  that's  from  40  to  100 
years  old,  no  matter  what  they  are,  go  oft'  rapidly 
at  from  1*.  6d.  to  3s.  6d.  each,  according  to  size, 
and  binding,  and  condition.  Odd  numbers  of 
Mags,  are  good  for  little  at  a  stall.  The  old  Mags. 
in  vols.  are  a  sort  of  reading  a  great  many 
are  very  fond  of.  Lives  of  the  Princess  Char- 
lotte are  a  ready  penny  enough.  So  are  Queen 

;ies,  but  not  so  good.     Dictionaries  of  all 

kinds  are  nearly  as  selling  as  the  old  Mags., 

and  so  are  good  Latin  books.     French  are  only 

middling ;  not  so  well  as  you  might  think." 

My  informant  then  gave  me  a  similar  account 

it  I  had  previously  received  concerning 
Knplish  classics,  and  proceeded :  "  Old  religious 
books,  they're  a  fair  trade  enough,  but  they're 
i.ot  so  plentiful  on  the  stalls  now,  and  if  they're 
black-letter  they  don't  find  their  way  from  the 
auctions  or  anywhere  to  any  places  but  the  shops 
or  to  private  purchasers.  M  Know- 

<  ofT,  if  old.    Bibles,  and 

r-books,  and  Hymn-books,  arc-  very  had." 
[This  may  be  accounted  for  by  the  cheapness 
of  these  publications,  when  new,  and  by  the 

'S  afforded  to  obtain   tin  in  gratuitously.] 

uals  are  dull  in  ;  ich  so, 

thou).'  I  ran  hardly 

«•!!  '  Keepsakes'  at  all.     Children's  boi.l. 
as  are  out  one  year  at  2*.  6d.  apiece, 
got  up,  sell   finely  next  year  at  the  stalls  for 
from  6d.  to  lOrf.     Geir  ,<  m  of 

us  for  present*  at  ho]- 
an  ext»a  penny  quite  cheerfully  if  there1 
2«-  &'  on  the  back 

•c  part  of  the  title-page.     School-books  m  px>  I 


condition  don't  stay  long  on  hand, 
Pinnock's.  There's  not  a  few  people  who 
stand  and  read  and  read  for  half  an  hour  or 
an  hour  at  a  time.  It's  very  trying  to  the 
temper  when  they  take  up  rcom  that  way,  and 
prevent  others  seeing  the  works,  and  never  lay 
out  a  penny  theirselves.  But  they  seem  quite 
lost  in  a  book.  Well,  I'm  sure  I  don't  know 
what  they  are.  Some  seem  very  poor,  judging 
by  their  dress,  and  some  seem  shabby  genteels. 
I  can't  help  telling  them,  when  I  «^e  them 
going,  that  I'm  much  obliged,  and  I  hope  that 
perhaps  next  time  they'll  manage  to  say  '  thank 
ye,'  for  they  don't  open  their  lips  once  in  twenty 
times.  I  know  a  man  in  the  trade  that  goes 
dancing  mad  when  he  has  customers  of  this 
sort,  who  aren't  customers.  I  dare  say,  one  day 
with  another,  I  earn  3s.  the  year  through  ;  wet 
days  are  greatly  against  us,  for  if  we  have  a 
cover  people  won't  stop  to  look  at  a  stall.  Per- 
haps the  rest  of  my  trade  earn  the  same."  This 
man  told  me  that  he  was  not  unfrequently  asked, 
and  by  respectable  people,  for  indecent  works, 
but  he  recommended  them  to  go  to  Holywell- 
street  themselves.  He  believed  that  some  of 
his  fellow-traders  did  supply  such  works,  but 
to  no  great  extent 

An  elderly  man,  who  had  known  the  street 
book-trade  for  many  years,  but  was  not  con- 
cerned in  it  when  I  saw  him,  told  me  that  he 
was  satisfied  he  had  sold  old  books,  old  plays 
often,  to  Charles  Lamb,  whom  he  described  as 
a  stuttering  man,  who,  when  a  book  suited  him, 
sometimes  laid  down  the  price,  and  smiled  and 
nodded,  and  then  walked  away  with  it  in  his 
pocket  or  under  his  arm,  without  a  word  having 
been  exchanged.  When  we  came  to  speak  of 
dates,  I  found  that  my  informant — who  had  only 
conjectured  that  this  was  Lamb — was  unques- 
tionably mistaken.  One  of  the  best  customers 
he  ever  had  for  anything  old  or  curious,  and  in 
Italian,  if  he  remembered  rightly,  as  well  as 
in  English,  was  the  late  Rev.  Mr.  Scott,  who 
was  chaplain  on  board  the  Victory,  at  the  time 
of  Nelson's  death  at  Trafalgar.  "He  had  a 
living  in  Yorkshire,  I  believe  it  was,"  said  the 
man,  "  and  used  to  come  up  every  now  and  then 
to  town.  I  was  always  glad  to  see  his  white 
nd  rosy  face,  and  to  have  a  little  talk  with 
him  about  books  and  trade,  though  it  wasn't 
always  easy  to  catch  what  he  said,  tor  he  spoke 
quk-k,  and  not  very  distinct  But  he  was  a 
pleasant  old  gentleman,  and  talked  to  a  poor 
man  as  politely  as  he  might  to  an  admiral.  He 
was  very  well  known  in  my  trade,  as  I  was  then 
employed." 

The  same   man   once  sold  to  a  gentleman,  he 

told  me,  and  la-  believed  it  was  somewhere  about 

twenty- live  years  ajjo,  if  not  more,  a  Spanish  or 

Portuguese  work,  but  what  it  was  he  did  not 

It  was  marked  1*.  9d.t  being  a  good- 

:  ook,   hut   the  stall-keeper  was   tired  of 

had   it   a    long   time,  so  that   he   gladly 

would  have  i  >r  it      The  gentleman  in 

question   handed   him   half-a-crown,   and,  as  ha 

Hal  not  the  change,  the  puchaser  said:  "  O, 


320 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


don't  mind;  it's  worth  far  more  than  half-a- 
ciown  to  me."  When  this  liberal  customer  had 
walked  away,  a  gentleman  who  had  been  stand- 
ing at  the  stall  all  the  time,  and  who  was  an 
occasional  buyer,  said,  "Do  you  know  him?" 
and,  on  receiving  an  answer  in  the  negative,  he 
rejoined,  "  That's  Southey." 

Another  stall-keeper  told  me  that  his  cus- 
tomers— some  of  whom  he  supplied  with  any 
periodical  in  the  same  way  as  a  newsvendor — 
had  now  and  then  asked  him,  especially  "  the 
ladies  of  the  family,"  who  glanced,  when  they 
passed,  at  the  contents  of  his  stall,  why  he  had 
not  newer  works?  "I  tell  them,"  said  the 
stall-keeper,  "that  they  haven't  become  cheap 
enough  yet  for  the  streets,  but  that  they  would 
come  to  it  in  time."  After  some  conversation 
about  his  trade,  which  only  confirmed  the  state- 
ments I  have  given,  he  said  laughingly,  "  Yes, 
indeed,  you  all  come  to  such  as  me  at  last 
Why,  last  night  I  heard  a  song  about  all  the 
stateliest  buildings  coming  to  the  ivy,  and  I 
thought,  as  I  listened,  it  was  the  same  with 
authors.  The  best  that  the  best  can  do  is  the 
book-stall's  food  at  last  And  no  harm,  for  he's 
in  the  best  of  company,  with  Shakespeare,  and 
all  the  great  people." 

Calculating  15*.  weekly  as  the  average  earn- 
ings of  the  street  book-stall  keepers — for  further 
information  induces  me  to  think  that  the  street 
bookseller  who  earned  18s.  a  week  regularly, 
cleared  it  by  having  a  "tidy  pitch" — and  reckon- 
ing that,  to  clear  such  an  amount,  the  book- 
seller takes,  at  least,  II.  Us.  6d.  weekly,  we  find 
J,4b'0  guineas  yearly  expended  in  the  purchase 
of  books  at  the  purely  street-stalls,  indepen- 
iently  of  what  is  laid  out  at  the  open-air  stalls 
connected  with  book-shops. 

OF  STREET  BOOK-AUCTIONEERS. 
THE  sale  of  books  by  auction,  in  the  streets,  is 
now  inconsiderable  and  irregular.  The  "  auc- 
tioning" of  books — I  mean  of  new  books — some 
of  which  were  published  principally  with  a  view 
to  their  sale  by  auction,  was,  thirty  to  forty 
years  ago,  systematic  and  extensive.  It  was  not 
strictly  a  street-sale.  The  auctioneer  offered  his 
books  to  the  public,  nine  cases  out  of  ten,  in 
town,  in  an  apartment  (now  commonly  known 
as  a  "  mock-auction  room"),  which  was  so  far 
a  portion  of  the  street  that  access  was  rendered 
easier  by  the  removal  of  the  door  and  window  of 
any  room  on  a  ground-floor,  and  some  of  the 
bidders  could  and  did  stand  in  the  street  and 
take  part  in  the  proceedings.  In  the  suburbs — 
which  at  that  period  were  not  so  integral  a  portion 
of  the  metropolis  as  at  present — the  book-auction 
sales  were  carried  on  strictly  in  the  open  air,  gene- 
rally in  front  of  a  public-house,  and  either  on  a 
platform  erected  for  the  purpose,  or  from  a  co- 
vered cart ;  the  books  then  being  deposited  in 
the  vehicle,  and  the  auctioneer  standing  on  a 
sort  of  stage  placed  on  the  propped- up  shafts. 
In  the  country,  however,  the  auction  was  often 
carried  on  in  an  inn. 

Tli3  works  thus  sold  were  generally  standard 


works.  The  poems  were  those  of  Pope,  Young 
Thomson,  Goldsmith,  Falconer,  Cowper,  £c 
The  prose  writings  were  such  works  as  "  Tha 
Pilgrim's  Progress,"  "The  Travels  of  Mr 
Lemuel  Gulliver,"  "  Johnson's  Lives  of  the 
Poets,"  "The  Vicar  of  Wakefield,"  the  most 
popular  of  the  works  of  Defoe,  Fielding,  and 
Smollett,  and  "  Hervey's  Meditations  among  the 
Tombs"  (atone  time  highly  popular).  These 
books  were  not  correctly  printed,  they  were 
printed,  too,  on  inferior  paper,  and  the  frontis- 
piece— when  there  was  a  frontispiece— was  often 
ridiculous.  But  they  certainly  gave  to  the  pub- 
lie  what  is  called  an  "  impetus"  for  reading. 
Some  were  published  in  London  (chiefly  by  the 
late  Mr.  Tegg,  who  at  one  time,  I  am  told,  him- 
self "  offered  to  public  competition,"  by  auction, 
the  works  he  published) ;  others  were  printed  in 
Edinburgh,  Aberdeen,  Newcastle-upon-Tyne, 
Ipswich,  Bungay,  &c. 

One  of  my  informants  remembered  being 
present  at  a  street-sale,  about  twenty  or  thirty 
years  ago ;  he  perfectly  remembered,  however, 
the  oratory  of  the  auctioneer,  of  whom  he  pur- 
chased some  books.  The  sale  was  in  one  of  the 
streets  in  Stoke  Newington,  a  door  or  two  from 
a  thoroughfare.  My  informant  was  these — as 
he  called  it — "accidentally,"  and  knew  little  ol 
the  neighbourhood.  The  auctioneer  stood  at 
the  door  of  what  appeared  to  have  been  a  coach- 
house, and  sold  his  books,  which  were  arranged 
within,  very  rapidly  :  "  Byron,"  he  exclaimed  ; 
"  Lord  Byron's  latest  and  best  po'ms.  Sixpence ! 
Sixpence!  Eightpence!  I  take  penny  bids 
under  a  shilling.  Eightpence  for  the  poems 
written  by  a  lord — Gone!  Yours,  sir"  (to  my 
informant).  The  auctioneer,  I  was  told,  "  spoke 
very  rapidly,  and  clipped  many  of  his  words." 
The  work  thus  sold  consisted  of  some  of  Byron's 
minor  poems.  It  was  in  the  pamphlet  form,  and 
published,  I  have  no  doubt,  surreptitiously ;  for 
there  was,  in  those  days,  a  bold  and  frequent 
piracy  of  any  work  which  was  thought  distaste- 
ful to  the  Government,  or  to  which  the  Court  of 
Chancery  might  be  likely  to  refuse  the  protec- 
tion of  the  law  of  copyright. 

The  auctioneer  went  on:  "  Ccop'r — Coop'r! 
Published  at  3s.  6d.,  as  printed  on  the  back. 
Superior  to  Byron  — Coop'r' s  'Task.1  No 
bidders  ?  Thank  you,  sir.  One  -  and  -  six, — 
your's,  sir.  Young — '  Young's  Night  Thoughts. 
Life,  Death,  and  Immortality,'— great  subjects. 
London  edition,  marked  3s.  6d.  Going! — last 
bidder — two  shillings — gone!"  The  purchaser 
then  complained  that  the  frontispiece — a  man 
seated  on  a  tombstone— was  exactly  the  same  as 
to  a  copy  he  had  of  "  Hervey's  Meditations." 
but  the  auctioneer  said  it  was  impossible. 

I  have  thus  shown  what  was  the  sty?e  and 
nature  of  the  address  of  the  street  book-auc- 
tioneer, formerly,  to  the  public.  If  it  were  not 
strictly  "  patter,"  or  "  pompous  oration,"  it  cer- 
tainly partook  of  some  of  the  characteristics  ol 
patter.  At  present,  however,  the  street  book- 
auctioneer  may  be  described  as  a  true  patterer. 

It   will   be   seen   from   the   account  I   har» 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


321 


Tin:  MKLI.T  i;mi:.\KB  AND  81'iu;  BBLLEB, 

[  ft  vm  a  I  'holograph.] 


No.  21. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


323 


given,  that  the  books  were  then  really  "  sold 
by  auction"— knocked  down  to  the  highest 
bidder.  This  however  was,  and  is  not  always 
the  case.  Legally  to  sell  by  auction,  necessi- 
tates the  obtaining  of  a  licence,  at  an  annual 
cost  of  51. ;  and  if  the  bookseller  conveys 
his  stock  of  books  from  place  to  place,  a 
hawker's  licence  is  required  as  well, — which 
entails  an  addit  jnal  expenditure  of  4/.  The 
itinerant  bookseller  evades,  or  endeavours  to 
evade,  the  payment  for  an  auctioneer's  licence, 
by  "  putting-up"  his  books  at  a  high  price, 
and  himself  decreasing  the  terms,  instead  of 
offering  them  at  a  low  price,  and  allowing  the 
public  to  make  a  series  of  "  advances."  Thus, 
a  book  may  be  offered  by  a  street-auctioneer  at 
half-a-crown — two  shillings — eighteenpence — a 
shilling — tenpence,  and  the  moment  any  one 
assents  to  a  specified  sum,  the  volume  handed 
to  him  ;  so  that  there  is  no  competition — no 
bidding  by  the  public  one  in  advance  of  ano- 
ther. Auction,  however,  is  resorted  to  as  often 
as  the  bookseller  dares. 

One  experienced  man  in  the  book- stall  trade 
calculated  that  twenty  years  ago  there  might 
be  twelve  book-auctioneers  in  the  streets  of 
London,  or  rather,  of  its  suburbs.  One  of 
these  was  a  frequenter  of  the  Old  Kent-road  ; 
another,  "  Newington  way ;"  and  a  third  re- 
sorted to  "any  likely  pitch  in  Pimlico" — all 
selling  from  a  sort  of  van.  Of  these  twelve, 
however,  my  informant  thought  that  there  were 
never  more  than  six  in  London  at  one  time,  as 
they  were  all  itinerant ;  and  they  have  gradually 
dwindled  down  to  two,  who  are  now  not  half 
their  time  in  town.  These  two  traders  are 
brothers,  and  sell  their  books  from  a  sort  of 
platform  erected  on  a  piece  of  waste-ground,  or 
from  a  barrow.  The  works  they  sell  are  gene- 
rally announced  as  new,  and  are  often  uncut. 
They  are  all  recommended  as  explanatory  of 
every  topic  of  the  day,  and  are  often  set  forth 
as  "  spicy."  Three  or  four  years  ago,  a  gentle- 
man told  me  how  greatly  he  was  amused  with 
the  patter  of  one  of  these  men,  who  was  selling 
books  at  the  entrance  of  a  yard  full  of  caravans, 
not  far  from  the  School  for  the  Blind,  Lambeth. 
One  work  the  street-auctioneer  announced  at 
the  top  of  his  voice,  in  the  following  terms,  as 
far  as  a  good  memory  could  retain  them  :  " '  The 
Rambler ! '  Now  you  rambling  boys — now  you 
young  devils,  that's  been  staring  those  pretty 
ut  of  countenance — here's  the  very  book 
for  you,  and  more  shame  for  you,  and  perhaps 
for  me  too;  but  I  must  sell— I  must  do  husi- 

u.     If  any  lady  or  gen'lman  '11  stain! 
to  a  glass  of  brandy  and  w.r  with,' 

1   more  about"  tli 

bashful,  as  it  is.     Who  bids?     Fifu-cn-p. 
••o,  sir.    Sold  apa 
•Johnson's ! 

The  last  time  one  of  my  informants 

'.ittcr"  of  the  smartest  of  the  two  bro- 
thers, it  was  to  the  following  Hi:.  | 

r  '  History  of  the    HI 

i  MO  mistake ;  no  fiction,   I  ..!.:•_    M>U,  upon 


my  honour.  Published  at  10s. — who  bids  haif- 
a-crown?  Sixpence;  thank  you,  sir.  Mine- 
pence  ;  going — going !  Any  more  ? — gone  !  " 

A  book-stall-keeper,  who  had  sold  goods  to  n 
book-auctioneer,  and  attended  the  sales,  told 
me  he  was  astonished  to  hear  how  his  ours 
books — "  old  new  books,"  he  called  them,  \rei~a 
set  off  by  the  auctioneer :  "  Why,  there  was  a 
vol.  lettered  '  Pamphlets,'  and  I  think  there  was 
something  about  Jack  Sheppard  in  it,  out  it 
was  all  odds  and  ends  of  other  things,  I  know. 
'  Here's  the  real  Jack  Sheppard,'  sings  out  the 
man,  '  and  no  gammon  ! '  The  real  edition — no 
spooniness  here,  but  set  off  with  other  interesting 
histories,  valuable  for  the  rising  generation  and 
all  generations.  This  is  the  real  Jack.  This 
will 

' put  you  up  to  the  time  o'  day, 

Nix,  my  dolly  pals,  bid  away.' 

"Then  he  went  on:  'Goldsmith's  History  of 
England.  Continued  by  the  first  writers  of  the 
day — to  the  very  last  rumpus  in  the  palace,  and 
no  mistake.  Here  it  is  ;  genuine.'  Well,  sir," 
the  stall -keeper  continued,  "  the  man  didn't 
do  well ;  perhaps  he  cleared  Is.  6d.  or  a  little 
more  that  evening  on  books.  People  laughed 
more  than  they  bought  But  it's  no  wonder 
the  trade's  going  to  the  dogs  —  they're  not 
allowed  to  have  a  pitch  now;  I  shouldn't  be 
surprised  if  they  was  not  all  driven  out  of 
London  next  year.  It's  contrary  to  Act  of 
Parliament  to  get  an  honest  living  in  the  streets 
now-a-days." 

A  man  connected  with  the  street  book-trade 
considered  that  if  one  of  these  auctioneers 
earned  a  guinea  in  London  streets  in  the  six 
days  it  was  a  "good  week."  Half-a-guinea 
was  nearer  the  average,  he  thought,  "looking 
at  the  weather  and  everything."  What  amount 
is  expended  to  enable  this  street-dealer  to  earn 
his  guinea  or  half-guinea,  is  so  uncertain,  from 
the  very  nature  of  an  auction,  that  I  can  obtain 
no  data  to  rely  upon. 

The  itinerant  book- auctioneer  is  now  con- 
fined chiefly  to  the  provincial  towns,  and  espe- 
cially the  country  markets.  The  reason  for 
this  is  correctly  given  in  the  statement  above 
cited.  The  street-auction  requires  the  gat  lur- 
ing of  so  large  a  crowd  that  the  metropolitan 
police  consider  the  obstruction  to  the  public 
thoroughfares  warrants  their  inteiterence.  The 
;  naming  book  -  auctioneers  in  London 
gun-rally  restrict  their  operations  to  the  out- 
skirts—  the  email  space  which  fronts  "the 
George  Inn "  in  the  Commercial-road,  and 
which  lays  a  few  yards  behind  the  main 
thoroughfare,  and  similar  suburban  "  retreats" 
being  favourite  "  pitches."  The  trade  is,  as 
regards  profits,  far  from  bad — the  books  sold 
i  kcd  up  in  cheap 

"lots"  at  the  regular  auctions;  so  that  what 
•  "I.  in  the  streets  has  generally  bean 
purchased  tor  less  than  a  penny.  The  ... 

I  ear,  still  it  should  be  remembered 
Y2 


324 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


that  the  avocation  is  one  that  can  be  pursued 
only  occasionally,  and  that  solely  in  fine  wea- 
ther. Books  are  now  more  frequently  sold  in 
the  London  streets  from  barrows.  Th  s  change 
of  traffic  has  been  forced  upon  the  street- 
sellers  by  the  commands  of  the  pt,  ice — that 
the  men  should  "  keep  moving."  Hence  the 
well-known  light  form  of  street  conveyance  is 
now  fast  superseding  not  only  the  book-auc- 
tioneer, but  the  book -stall  in  the  London 
streets.  Of  these  book-barrowmen  there  is  now 
about  fifty  trading  regularly  in  the  metropolis, 
and  taking  on  an  average  from  3*.  to  5s.  6d.  a  day. 

OF  THE  STREET-SALE  OF    SONG-BOOKS,  AND 

OF  CHILDREN'S  BOOKS. 

THE  sale  of  song-books  in  the  streets,  at  Id.  and 
at  \d.  each,  is  smaller  than  it  was  two  years  ago. 
One  reason  that  I  heard  assigned  was  that  the 
penny  song- books — styled  "The  Universal  Song- 
book,"  "The  National,"  "The  Bijou,"  &c.— 
were  reputed  to  be  so  much  alike  (the  same 
songs  under  a  different  title),  that  people  who 
had  bought  one  book  were  averse  to  buy  another. 
"  There's  the  «  Ross'  and  the  '  Sam  Hall'  song- 
books,"  said  one  man,  "the  'eighteenth  series,' 
and  I  don't  know  what ;  but  I  don't  like  to  ven- 
ture on  working  them,  though  they're  only  a 
penny.  There's  lots  to  be  seen  in  the  shop- 
windows  ;  but  they  might  be  stopped  in  the 
street,  for  they  an't  decent — 'specially  the  flash 
ones." 

One  of  the  books  which  a  poor  man  had  found 
the  most  saleable  is  entitled,  "  The  Great  Exhi- 
bition Song-book ;  a  Collection  of  the  Newest 
and  Most  Admired  Songs.  Embellished  with 
upwards  of  one  Hundred  Toasts  and  Sentiments." 
The  toasts  and  sentiments  are  given  in  small 
type,  as  a  sort  of  border  to  the  thirty-two  pages 
of  which  the  book  consists.  The  toast  on  the 
title-page  is  as  follows  : 

"  I'll  toast  England's  daughters,  let  all  fill  their  glasses, 
Whose  beauty  and  virtue  the  whole  world  surpasses." 

To  show  the  nature  of  the  songs  in  street  de- 
mand, I  cite  those  in  the  book :  "  The  Gather- 
ing of  the  Nations,"  "  Bloom  is  on  the  Rye," 
"  Wilt  thou  Meet  me  there,  Love  ?  "  "  Minna's 
Tomb,"  "  I'll  Love  thee  ever  Dearly"  (Arnold), 
"  When  Phoebus  wakes  the  Rosy  Hours,"  "  Mo- 
ney is  your  Friend,"  "Julia  and  Caspar"  (G. 
M.  Lewis),  "That  pretty  word,  Yes"  (E. 
Mackey),  "  Farewell,  Forget  me  Not,"  "  The 
Queen  and  the  Navy"  (music  published  by  H. 
White,  Great  Marlborough-street),  "  I  resign 
Thee  every  Token"  (music  published  by  Duff 
and  Co.),  "  Sleep,  gentle  Lady ;"  a  serenade  (H. 
J.  Payne),  "The  Warbling  Waggoner,"  "  The 
Keepsake,"  "A  Sequel  to  the  Cavalier," 
"There's  room  enough  for  All"  (music  at  Mr. 
Davidson's),  "Will  you  Come  to  the  Dale?" 
"  Larry  O'Brian,"  "Woman's  Love,"  "Afloat 
on  the  Ocean"  (sung  by  Mr. Weiss,  in  the  Opera 
of  the  "  Heart  of  Mid  Lothian,"  music  published 
by  Jefferys,  Soho-square),  "  Together,  Dearest, 
let  us  Fly"  (sung  by  Mr.  Braham,  in  the  Opera 
cf  tlie  "  Heart  if  Mid  Lothian,"  music  published 


by  Jefferys,  Soho-square),  "The  Peremptory 
Lover"  (Tune — "John  Anderson,  my  Joe"). 
There  are  forty-seven  songs  in  addition  to  those 
whose  titles  I  have  quoted,  but  they  are  all  of 
the  same  character. 

The  penny  song-books  (which  are  partly  in- 
decent), and  entitled  the  "Sam  Hall"  and 
"  Ross"  Songsters,  are  seldom  or  never  sold  in 
the  streets.  Many  of  those  vended  in  the  shops 
outrage  all  decency.  Some  of  these  are  styled 
the  "Coal-Hole  Companion,"  "  Cider- Cellar 
Songs,"  "  Captain  Morris's  Songs,"  &c.  (the 
filthiest  of  all.)  These  are  generally  marked 
]s.  and  sold  at  6d. ;  and  have  a  coloured  folded 
frontispiece.  They  are  published  chiefly  by  H. 
Smith,  Holywell-street.  The  titles  of  some  of 
the  songs  in  these  works  are  sufficient  to  indi- 
cate their  character.  "The  Muff,"  "The  Two 
Miss  ThyV  "  George  Robins' s  Auction," 
"The  Woman  that  studied  the  Stars,"  "A 
Rummy  Chaunt"  (frequently  with  no  other 
title),  "The  Amiable  Family,"  "Joe  Buggins' 
Wedding,"  "Stop  the  Cart,"  "  The  Mot  that  can 
feel  for  another,"  "The  Irish  Giant,"  "Taylor 
Tim,"  "  The  Squire  and  Patty." 

Some  titles  are  unprintable. 

The  children's  books  in  best  demand  in  the 
street-trade,  are  those  which  have  long  been 
popular:  "Cinderella,"  "Jack  the  Giant- 
killer,"  "  Baron  Munchausen,"  "  Puss  and 
the  Seven-leagued  Boots,"  "  The  Sleeping 
Beauty,"  "  The  Seven  Champions  of  Chris- 
tendom," &c.  &c.  "  There's  plenty  of  Henry 
and  Emmas,'  "  said  a  penny  bookseller,  "  and 
'  A  Present  for  Christmas,'  and  '  Pictorial 
Alphabets,'  and  '  Good  Books  for  Good  Boys 
and  Girls  ;'  but  when  people  buys  really  for 
their  children,  they  buys  the  old  stories— at 
least  they  does  of  me.  I've  sold  '  Penny 
Hymns'  (hymn-books)  sometimes;  but  when 
they're  bought,  or  '  Good  Books '  is  bought, 
it's  from  charity  to  a  poor  fellow  like  me,  more 
than  anything  else." 

The  trade,  both  in  songs  and  in  children's 
books,  is  carried  on  in  much  the  same  way  as  I 
have  described  of  the  almanacks  and  merru- 
randum-books,  but  occasionally  the  singers  of 
ballads  sell  books.  Sometimes  poor  men,  old 
or  infirm,  offer  them  in  a  tone  which  seems 
a  whine  for  charity  rather  than  an  offer  for 
sale,  "  Buy  a  penny  book  of  a  poor  old  man — 
very  hungry,  very  hungry."  Children  do  the 
same,  and  all  far  more  frequently  in  the 
suburbs  than  in  the  busy  parts  of  the  metro- 
polis. Those  who  purchase  really  for  the  sake  of 
the  books,  say,  one  street-seller  told  me,  "  Give 
me  something  that'll  interest  a  child,  and  set 
him  a-thinking.  They  can't  understand— poor 
little  things  !— your  fine  writing ;  do  you  under- 
stand that  ? "  Another  man  had  said,  "  Fairy 
tales !  bring  me  nothing  but  fairies ;  they  set 
children  a-reading."  The  price  asked  is  most 
frequently  a  penny,  but  some  are  offered  at  a 
halfpenny,  which  is  often  given  (without  a  pur- 
chase) out  of  compassion,  or  to  be  rid  of  im» 
portunity.  The  profit  is  at  least  cent,  per  c«T 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


325 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  ACCOUNT-BOOKS 

THE  sale  of  account-books  is  in  the  hands  o 
about   the   same   class  of  street-sellers  as  tin 
stationery,  but  one  man  in  the  trade  though 
the  regular  hands  were  more  trusted,  if  any- 
thing,   than    street- stationers.      "  People,    you 
see,"  he  said,  "won't  buy  their  '  accounts  '  o 
raff ;  they  won't  have  them  of  any  but  respect- 
able people."     The  books  sold  are  bought  at  4s 
the  dozen,  or  4Jd.  a  piece,  up  to  70s.  the  dozen, 
or  5s.  9</.,  or  (is.  a  piece.    It  is  rarely,  however, 
that  the  street  account-bookseller  gives  4«.  9d., 
and  very  rarely  that  he  gives  as  much  as  5s. 
for  his   account-books.     His    principal   sale   is 
of  the  smaller  "  waste,"  or  "  day-books,"  kept 
by  the  petty  traders;  the  average  price  of  these 
/.     The  principal  purchasers  are  the 
chandlers,  butchers,  &c.,  in  the  quieter  streets, 
and  more  especially  "  a  little  way  out  of  town, 
where   there   ain't  so  many  cheap   shops."     A 
man,    now    a    street-stationer,    with    a    "  fixed 
pitch,"  had  carried  on  the  account- book  trade 
until  an  asthmatic  affliction  compelled  him  to 
relinquish  it,  as  the  walking  became  impossible 
to  him,  and  he  told  me   that  the  street-trade 
g  to  what  it  once  was.     "  People," 
.Aren't  so  well   off',  I   think,  sir;  and 
they'll  buy  half  a  quire  of  outside  foolscap,  or 
outside  post,  for  from   5d.  to  8d.,  and  stitch  it 
r,   and  rule  it,  and  make  a  book  of  it 
Rich  tradesmen  do  that,  sir.    I  bought  of  a  sta- 
stioner  some  years  back,  and  he  told  me  that 
he   was  a  relation  of  a   rich  grocer,  and  had 
.led  him  in  his  (the  grocer's)  youth,  but 
he  wouldn't  buy  account-books,  for  he  said,  the 
-iii ft    books   that    his   shopman    stitched 
r  for  him  opened  so  much  easier.    People 
want  a  good  excuse  for  acting  shabby." 
There  are  now,  I  am   informed,  twelve  men 
selling  account-books  daily,  which  they  carry  in 
red  basket,  or  in  a  waterproof  bag,  or,  in 
fine   weather,   under  the  arm.     Some  of  these 
street-sellers  are  not  itinerant  when  there  is  a 
congregation  of  people  for  business,  or  indeed 
y  purpose  ;  at  other  times  they    "  keep 
aioviug."     The  fixed  localities  are,  on  market 
.;t    Smithfield    and    Mark-lane  :    and   to 
rford-market,   an    old    man,    unable   to 
"  travel,"  resorts  daily.     The  chief  trade,  how- 
ever, is  in  carrying,  or  hawking  these  account- 
books  from  door  to  door.     A  man,  "ha. 

'  does  best  "on  a  round  ;  "  if  he  be 
known,  he  is  not  •:  is  as  cheap, 

or  rather  cheaper,  than  the  shop-keepers. 

The  twelve  account-book  sellers  (with  con- 
s)  may  clear  2*.  Gd.  a  day  each,  taking, 
for  the  realisation  of  ra 

.    will  be   taken   by   these 
sellers  in  the  course  of  a  year.      The  capital 
start  is,  stock- money,  15*.;  basket, 
3j.  (>d  •  waterproof  bag,  It.  6d ;  2 1*.  in  all 

KEET-sri.Lr.KH    OF   GuiDE-DOOIS, 

Tin?  trade,  as  regards  a  xtreel-saic,  has  only 


been  known  for  nine  or  ten  years,  and  had  its 
origination  in  the  exertions  of  Mr.  Hume,  M.P., 
to  secure  to  persons  visiting  the  national  exlii- 
bitions  the  advantage  of  a  cheap  catalogue, 
The  guide-books  were  only  sold,  prior  to  this 
time,  within  any  public  exhibition  ;  and  the  pro- 
fits— as  is  the  case  at  present — were  the  peiqui- 
site  of  some  official.  When  the  sale  was  a 
monopoly,  the  profit  must  have  been  consider- 
able, as  the  price  was  seldom  less  than  <W.,  and 
frequently  1*.  The  guide-books,  or,  as  they  are 
more  frequently  called,  catalogues,  are  now 
sold  by  men  who  stand  at  the  entrance,  the  ap- 
proaches, at  a  little  distance  on  the  line,  or  at 
the  comers  of  the  adjacent  streets,  at  the  fol- 
lowing places :  —  the  National  Gallery,  the 
Vernon  Gallery,  the  British  Museum,  West- 
minster Abbey,  the  House  of  Lords,  the 
Society  of  Arts  (occasionally),  the  Art- Union 
(when  open  "  free"),  Greenwich  Hospital,  the 
Dulwich  Gallery,  Hampton  Court,  Windsor 
Castle,  and  Kew  Gardens. 

At  any  temporary  exhibition,  also,  the  same 
trade  is  carried  on — as  it  was  largely  when  the 
"  designs,"  &c.,  for  the  decoration  of  the  New 
Houses  of  Parliament  were  exhibited  in  West- 
minster Hall.  There  are,  of  course,  very  many 
other  catalogues,  or  explanatory  guides,  sold  to 
the  visitors  of  other  exhibitions,  but  I  speak 
only  of  the  street-sale. 

There  are  now,  at  the  National  Gallery, 
three  guidebook-sellers  plying  their  trade  in 
the  streets ;  eight  at  the  British  M  useum  ;  two 
at  Westminster  Abbey;  one  at  the  House  of 
Lords,  but  only  on  Saturdays,  when  the  House 
is  shown,  by  orders  obtained  gratuitously  at  the 
Lord  Chamberlain's  office,  or  "  when  appeals 
are  on ;"  one  at  the  Vernon  Gallery  ;  two  at 
Dulwich  (but  not  regularly,  as  there  are  none 
at  present),  two  at  Hampton  Court,  "  one  near 
each  gate  ;"  and  one,  and  sometimes  three,  at 
Windsor  (generally  sent  out  by  a  shopkeeper 
there).  There  used  to  be  one  at  the  Thames 
Tunnel,  but  "  it  grew  so  bad  .at  last,"  1  was 
told,  "  that  a  rat  couldn't  have  picked  up  his 
grub  at  it — let  alone  a  man." 

Among  all  these  sellers  I  heard  statements 
::,£  a  most  wrctchi-d  pittance,  and  all 
Utributed  it  to  the  same  e.m-e.  By  the, 
National  Gallery  is  a  board,  on  which  is  an 
innouncemcnt  that  the  only  authori/ed  cata- 
ogue  of  the  works  of  art  can  be  obtained 
n  the  hall.  There  are  similar  announcements 
it  other  public  places.  One  man  who  had  been 

.  hut  had   abandoned  it. 
inU,"     as    he    called    them. 
ntense  bitterness.     "  They're  the  ruin  of  ;:nj 

ts,"  he  said.     "  You  i 

liink  because  I'm  out  of  it  now,  that   I   have  a 

>leasure  in   abusing  the  regulations;  no,  sir,  I 

ook   at  it  this  way.     Mr.   Hume  had   tioiibl  • 

:     the    public    a    chcn ,-. 

ic,  and  poor  men  were  allowed  to 

ing  thrm  in  tin     studs,  aiJ'l 

w.mld  earn  still,  if  it  weren  • 
for  the  board.     1  declare  solemnly  a  man  can  • 


326 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


get  a  living  at  the  trade.  The  publishers  can't 
prepare  their  catalogues  without  leave,  and  when 
they've  got  leave,  and  do  prepare  and  print 
them,  why  isn't  a  man  allowed  to  sell  them  in 
the  streets,  as  I've  sold  second  editions  of  the 
Globe  without  ever  the  office  putting  out  a 
notice  that  the  only  authorized  copy  was  to  he 
had  within?  God  hless  your  soul,  sir,  it's 
shocking,  shocking,  poor  men  being  hindered 
every  way.  Anybody  that  looks  on  the  hoard 
looks  on  us  as  cheats  and  humbugs,  and  thinks 
that  our  catalogues  are  all  takes-in.  But  I've 
heard  gentlemen,  that  I'm  sure  knew  what  they 
were  talking  about,  say,  in  case  they'd  bought 
in  the  street  first,  and  then  seen  the  board  and 
bought  within  after,  so  as  to  be  sure  of  the  real 
thing — I've  heard  gentlemen,  say,  sir, — '  Why 
what  we  got  in  the  street  is  the  best  after  all.' 
Free  trade  !  There's  plenty  said  about  free 
trade,  but  that  board,  sir,  or  call  it  what  you 
please,  gives  a  monopoly  against  us.  What  I 
have  said,  when  I  was  starving  on  catalogues, 
is  this:  Kick  us  out  of  the  streets,  commit  us 
for  selling  catalogues,  as  rogues  and  vagabonds ; 
or  give  us  a  fair  chance.  If  we  may  sell,  why 
is  the  only  authorised  catalogue  sold  only 
within  ?  I  wish  Mr.  Hume,  or  Mr.  Cobden, 
either,  only  understood  the  rights  of  the  matter 
— it's  of  no  account  to  me  myself  now — and  I 
think  they'd  soon  set  it  to  rights.  Free  trade  ! 
Over  the  left,  and  with  more  hooks  than  one." 

I  have  no  doubt  that  this  representation  and 
this  opinion  would  have  been  echoed  by  the 
street  catalogue-sellers,  but  they  were  evidently 
unwilling  to  converse  freely  on  this  branch  of 
the  subject,  knowing  the  object  for  wHch  I 
questioned  them,  and  that  publicity  would  fol- 
low. I  attribute  this  reluctance  chiefly  to  the 
fact  that,  all  these  poor  men  look  forward  to  the 
opening  of  the  Great  Exhibition  with  earnest 
hope  and  anxiety  that  the  influx  of  visiters  will 
add  greatly  to  their  sale  and  profits ;  and  they 
are  unwilling  to  jeopardise  their  privilege  of 
sale. 

.  One  man  told  me  that  he  believed,  from  his 
own  knowledge,  for  he  had  not  always  "sold 
outside,"  that  the  largest  buyers  of  these  publi- 
cations were  country  people,  sight-seeing  in 
London,  for  they  bought  the  book  not  only  as 
an  explanatory  guide,  but  to  preserve  as  a 
memento  of  their  visit.  Such  customers,  how- 
ever, I  heard  from  several  quarters,  the  moment 
they  saw  a  "notice"  as  to  the  only  authorised 
copy,  looked  upon  the  street-sellers  as  a  sys- 
tematised  portion  of  the  London  sharpers,  seek- 
ing whom  they  might  devour,  and  so  bought 
their  catalogues  "  within." 

The  best  customers  in  the  streets  for  the  cata- 
logues are,  I  am  assured,  the  working-classes, 
who  visit  the  national  exhibitions  on  a  holiday. 
"  I've  oft  enough  heard  them  say,"  one  man 
stated,  "  '  I'd  rather  pay  a  poor  man  Id.  any  day, 
when  I  can  spare  it,  than  rich  people  Id.  I 
know  what  it  is  to  fight  for  a  crust.'  " 

At  the  National  Gallery,  the  sti«et-sold  cata- 
M*iie»  are  Id.,  3d.,  and  6d, ;  in  the  hall,  the 


authorised  copy  is  sold  at  id.  and  Is.  At  tho 
British  Museum,  the  street-charges  are  Sd.  and 
6d. ;  there  were  Id.  catalogues  of  this  institu- 
tion, but  they  have  been  discontinue'!  for  the 
last  half-year,  being  found  too  meagre.  At  the 
Vernon  Gallery,  the  charge  is  Id. ;  but  the  6d. 
guide-book  to  the  National  Gallery  contains  also 
an  account  of  the  pictures  in  the  Vernon  Gal- 
lery. At  Westminster  Abbey  the  price  is  6d., 
and  the  same  at  the  House  of  Lords.  At 
Hampton-court  it  is  2d.,  4rf.,  and  Gc/.,  and  at 
the  same  rate  as  regards  the  other  places  men- 
tioned. At  Hampton-court,  I  was  told,  the 
street-sellers  were  not  allowed  to  approach  the 
palace  nearer  than  a  certain  space.  One  man 
told  me  that  he  was  threatened  with  being 

"  had  in  for  trespassing,  and  Mr.  G would 

make  him  wheel  a  roller.  Of  course,"  the  man 
continued,  "  there's  an  authorised  catalogue 
there." 

The  best  sale  of  catalogues  in  the  streets  was 
at  the  exhibition  of  the  works  of  art  for  the 
Houses  of  Parliament.  The  sellers,  then — 
about  20  in  number,  among  whom  were  four 
women— cleared  2*.  and  2s.  6U  each  daily.  At 
present,  I  am  assured,  that  a  good  week  is 
considered  one  in  which  5s.  is  made,  but  that  3s. 
is  more  frequently  the  weekly  earning.  It  must 
be  borne  in  mind,  that  at  the  two  places  most 
resorted  to— the  National  Gallery  and  the  Bri- 
tish Museum— the  street  sale  is  only  for  four 
days  in  the  week  at  the  first  mentioned,  and 
three  days  at  the  second.  "You  may  think 
that  more  is  made,"  said  one  man,  "  but  it 
isn't.  Sweeping  a  good  crossing  is  far  better, 
far.  Bless  your  soul,  only  stand  a  few  minutes 
looking  on,  any  day,  and  see  what  numbers  and 
numbers  of  people  pass  in  and  out  of  a  free 
admission  place  without  ever  laying  out  Id. 
Why,  only  last  Monday  and  Wednesday  (March 
17  and  19,  both  very  rainy  days)  I  took  only  5d. 
1  didn't  take  more  than  5-Lj  and  I  leave  you  to 
judge  the  living  I  shall  clear  out  of  that ;  and  I 
know  that  the  man  with  the  catalogue  at  ano- 
ther place,  didn't  take  Id.  It's  sad  work,  sir, 
as  you  stand  in  the  wet  and  cold,  with  no  dinner 
for  yourself,  and  no  great  hope  of  taking  one 
home  to  your  family." 

These  street-sellers  contrive,  whenever  they 
can,  to  mix  up  other  avocations  with  catalogue 
selling,  as  the  public  institutions  close  early. 
One,  on  every  occasion,  sells  second  editions  of 
the  newspapers;  another  has  "odd  turns  at 
portering ;"  a  third  sells  old  umbrellas  in  the 
streets ;  some  sold  exhibition  cards  in  the  Park, 
on  Sundays,  until  the  sale  was  stopped ;  another 
sells  a  little  stationery  ;  and  nearly  the  whole  of 
them  resort,  on  favourable  opportunities,  to  the 
sale  of  "books  of  the  play,"  or  of  "  the 
opera." 

Reckoning  that  there  are  regularly  sixteen 
street-seners  01  guide-books — they  do  not  '*iter- 
fere  with  each  other's  stations — and  that  each 
clears  4s.  weekly,  we  find  £832  expended  IB 
this  street  traffic.  I  have  calculated  only  on  the 
uswd  bookseller's  allowance  of  25  per  cent., 


LOXDON  LABOUR  <1ND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


327 


though,  in  some  instances,  these  sellers  are 
lury'iefi  on  lower  terms  —  besides  having,  in 
Mia'j  of  the  catalogues,  thirteen  to  the  dozen  ; 
but  the  amount  specified  does  not  exceed  the 
mark. 

The  greatest  number  of  these  guide-books 
which  I  heard  of  as  having  been  sold,  in  any 
one  djty,  was  four  dozen,  disposed  of  on  a  fine 
Whit-Monday,  and  for  these  the  street-seller 
only  took  65.  Sd.  There  are,  I  was  informed, 
half  as  many  more  "  threepennies  "  as  "  six- 
pennies"  sold,  and  three  times  as  many  "  pen- 

"  as  the  other  two  together. 
The  capital  required  to  start  is  what  may 
suffice  to  "  lay  in"  a  stock  of  books — 5s.  gene- 
Op  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  FINE  AKTS. 
THESE  traders  may  be  described  as  partaking 
more  of  the  characteristics  of  the  street  stationers 
than  of  the  "  paper-workers,"  as  they  are  not 
patterers.  The  trade  is  less  exclusively  than 
the  "paper-trade  "  in  the  hands  of  men.  Those 
carrying  on  this  branch  of  the  street-traffic 
:>e  divided  into  the  sellers  of  pictures 
in  frames,  and  of  engravings  (of  all  kinds),  in 
umbrellas.  Under  this  head  may  also  be 
ranked  the  street-artists  (though  this  is  a  trade 
associated  with  street-life  rather  than  forming 
an  integrant  part  of  it),  I  allude  more  parti- 
cularly to  the  illustrated  "  boards  "  which  are 
prepared  for  the  purposes  of  the  street- pat- 
and  are  adapted  for  no  other  use.  The 
same  artist  that  executes  the  greater  portion  of 
the  street-art,  also  prepares  the  paintings  which 
decorate  the  exterior  of  shows.  There  are  also 
the  writers  of  manuscript  music,  and  the  makers 
and  sellers  of  "images"  of  all  descriptions, 
but  this  branch  of  the  subject  I  shall  treat 
under  the  head  of  the  street- Italians.  Under 
the  same  curious  head  I  shall  also  speak  of 
the  an  skill  produces  the  street-sold 

medallions,  in  wax  or  plaster,  they  being  of  the 
class    as  the    "  image.-  "    men.      In    both 
and  "  moulded  "  pro- 
ductions of  all  kinds  the  change  and  improve- 
ment that  1  :ilace,   from  the  pristine 
:rot.->  "    is  most   remark- 
able  and    creditable   to    the    taste   of    working 
people,   who   are    the    chief    purchasers  of    the. 
•mailer  articles. 

OP  STUI 

THE  artists  who  work  for  the  street-sellers  are 
less  numerous  than  the  poets  for  the  sam 
1  :.'>w   but  one   man  wh<>  • 

aaid  to  he  *'</•  inopportune 

.ids  of  which  specimens  have 
already  been  r  of  any    of  the   street 

papers— arc  tne  w.,rk  of  cheap  wood -engraven, 

••HC  orders  t 

bora.     Hut  it  is  not  often  that  illustrations  are 
prepared   expressly    for    anything    but    M 

itscribed   at   ••  Gallov. 
these,  WIT. plus  hare  also  been  furnished. 
Me  of  a  real  murder,  and  the  other  of  a  fabulous 


one,  or  "  cock,"  together  wilh  a  sample  (in  the 
case  of  Mr.  Patrick  Connor)  of  the  portrait! 
given  in  such  productions.  The  cuts  for  the 
heading  of  ballads  are  very  often  such  as  have 
been  used  for  the  illustration  of  other  works, 
and  are  "picked  up  cheap." 

The  artist  who  works  especially  for  the  street 
trade — as  in  the  case  of  the  man  who  paints  the 
patterers'  boards — must  address  his  art  plainly 
to  the  eye  of  the  spectator.  He  must  use  the 
most  striking  colours,  be  profuse  in  the  appli- 
cation of  scarlet,  light  blue,  orange — not  yellow 
I  was  told,  it  ain't  a  good  candlelight  colour — 
and  must  leave  nothing  to  the  imagination. 
Perspective  and  back-grounds  are  things  of  but 
minor  consideration.  Everything  must  be  sacri- 
ficed for  effect. 

These  paintings  are  in  water  colours,  and  are 
rubbed  over  with  a  solution  of  some  gum- resin 
to  protect  them  from  the  influence  of  rainy 
weather.  Two  of  the  subjects  most  in  demand  of 
late  for  the  patterers'  boards  were  "  the  Sloanes" 
and  "the  Mannings."  The  treatment  of  Jane 
Wilbred  was  "worked"  by  twenty  boardmen, 
each  with  his  "illustration"  of  the  subject.  The 
illustrations  were  in  six  "  compartments."  In 
the  first  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Sloane  are  "  picking 
out  "  the  girl  from  a  line  of  workhouse  chil- 
dren. She  is  represented  as  plump  and  healthy, 
but  with  a  stupid  expression  of  countenance. 
In  another  compartment,  Sloane  is  beating  the 
girl,  then  attenuated  and  wretched-looking,  with 
a  shoe,  while  his  wife  and  Miss  Devaux  (a 
name  I  generally  heard  pronounced  among  the 
street-people  as  it  is  spelt  to  an  English  reader) 
look  approvingly  on.  The  next  picture  was 
Sloane  compelling  the  girl  to  swallow  filth. 
The  fourth  represented  her  as  in  the  hospital, 
with  her  ribs  protruding  from  her  wasted  body 
— "just  as  I've  worked  Sarah  Simpole,"  said  a 
patterer,  "  who  was  confined  in  a  cellar  and  fed 
on  'tato  peels.  Sarah  was  a  cock,  sir,  and  a 
ripper."  Then  came  the  attack  of  the  people 
on  Sloane,  one  old  woman  dressed  after  the 
fashion  of  Mrs.  Gamp,  "prodding"  him  with 
a  huge  and  very  green  umbrella.  The  sixth 
anil  last  was.  as  usual,  the  trial. 

I    have  described  the  "  Sloanes'  board"  first, 

as  it  may  be  more  fresh  in  the  remembrance  of 

.iler  obsirvant    >>f  such    things.      In   the 

"  Mannings'  hoard"  there  were  the  same  num- 

•  Minpartments  as  in  the  Sloanes'  ;   show- 

circum^tanccs  of  the  murder,  the    dis- 

.y   of    Connor,    the   trial.  \e. 

One  Standing  patterer,  \\lio  worked  a  Mai/ 

board,  told  me  that  the  picture  of  Mis.  Manning, 

beautifully  "dressed  for  dinner"  in  black  satin, 

with   "a  low   front,"  firing  a  pistol   at  Connor, 

who  was  "washing  himself,"  while  Manning,  in 

his   ahii:  looked   on    in   evident    al.<rm, 

was  greatly    admit  ,iy    out    of   town. 

"The  people  said,"  observed  the  pa- 

look  at  him  a- washing  h 

nattral,  and  ain't  a-thinking   he's   a-going   to  b« 

so  ugly  as  that  ? 

I<or  !  such  a  beautiful  woman  to  have  to  do  uiih 


328 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


him.'  You  see,  sir,  Connor  weren't  flattered, 
and  perhaps  Mrs.  Manning  was.  I  have  heard 
the  same  sort  of  remarks  both  in  town  and 
country.  I  patters  hard  on  the  women  such 
times,  as  I  points  them  out  on  my  board  in  mur- 
ders or  any  crimes.  I  says  :  '  When  there  's 
mischief  a  woman's  always  the  first.  Look  at 
Mrs.  Manning  there  on  that  werry  board — the 
work  of  one  of  the  first  artists  in  London — it's 
a  faithful  likeness,  taken  from  life  at  one  of  her 
examinations,  look  at  her.  She  fires  the  pistol, 
as  you  can  see,  and  her  husband  was  her  tool.' 
I  said,  too,  that  Sloane  was  Mrs.  Sloane's  tool. 
It  answers  best,  sir,  in  my  opinion,  going  on  that 
patter.  The  men  likes  it,  and  the  women  doesn't 
object,  for  they'll  say:  '  Well,  when  a  woman 
is  bad,  she  is  bad,  and  is  a  disgrace  to  her  sex.' 
There's  the  board  before  them  when  I  runs  on 
that  line  of  patter,  and  when  I  appeals  to  the 
'lustration,  it  seems  to  cooper  the  thing.  They 
must  believe  their  eyes." 

When  there  is  "  a  run "  on  any  particular 
subject,  there  are  occasionally  jarrings — I  was 
informed  by  a  "boardman" — between  the  artist 
and  his  street-customers.  The  standing  patterers 
want  "  something  more  original"  than  their  fel- 
lows, especially  if  they  are  likely  to  work  in  the 
same  locality,  while  the  artist  prefers  a  faith- 
ful copy  of  what  he  has  already  executed.  The 
artist,  moreover,  and  with  all  reasonableness, 
will  say :  "  Why,  you  must  have  the  facts.  Do 
you  want  me  to  make  Eliza  Chestney  killing 
Rush  ?  "  The  matter  is  often  compromised  by 
some  change  being  introduced,  and  by  the  cha- 
racters being  differently  dressed.  One  man  told 
me,  that  in  town  and  country  he  had  seen  Mrs. 
Jermy  shot  in  the  following  costumes,  "  in  light 
green  welwet,  sky-blue  satin,  crimson  silk,  and 
vite  muslin."  It  was  the  same  with  Mrs. 
Manning. 

For  the  last  six  or  eight  years,  I  am  told,  the 
artist  in  question  has  prepared  all  the  boards  in 
demand.  Previously,  the  standing  patterers  pre- 
pared their  own  boards,  when  they  fancied  them- 
selves capable  of  such  a  "  reach  of  art,"  or  had 
them  done  by  some  unemployed  painter,  whom 
they  might  fall  in  with  at  a  lodging-house,  or 
elsewhere.  This  is  rarely  done  now,  I  am  told ; 
not  perhaps  more  than  six  times  in  a  twelve- 
month, and  when  done  it  is  most  frequently 
practised  of  "  cock-boards ;"  for,  as  was  said  to 
me,  "if  a  man  thinks  he's  getting  up  a  fake- 
ment  likely  to  take,  and  wants  a  board  to  help 
him  on  with  it,  he'll  try  and  keep  it  to  hisself, 
and  come  out  with  it  quite  fresh." 

The  charge  of  the  popular  street-artist  for  the 
painting  of  a  board  ia  3s.  or  Ss.  6<f.,  according 
to  the  simplicity  or  elaborateness  of  the  details ; 
the  board  itself  is  provided  by  the  artist's  em- 
ployer. The  demand  for  this  peculiar  branch 
of  street  art  is  very  irregular,  depending  entirely 
Upon  whether  anything  be  "  up  "  or  not ;  that 
i&,  whether  there  has  or  has  not  been  perpetrated 
any  act  of  atrocity,  which  has  riveted,  as  it  is 
called,  the  public  attention.  And  so  great  is  the 
Uncertainty  felt  by  the  street-folk,  whether  "  the 


most  beautiful  murder  will  take  or  not,"  that  H 
is  rarely  the  patterer  will  order,  or  the  artist 
will  speculate,  in  anticipation  of  a  demand,  upon 
preparing  the  painting  of  any  event,  until  satis- 
fied that  it  has  become  "  popular."  A  deed  of 
more  than  usual  daring,  deceit,  or  mystery,  may 
be  at  once  hailed  by  those  connected  with  mur- 
der-patter, as  "  one  that  will  do,"  and  some 
speculation  may  be  ventured  upon ;  as  it  was, 
1  am  informed,  in  the  cases  of  Tawell,  Rush, 
and  the  Mannings ;  but  these  are  merely  excep- 
tional. Thus,  if  the  artist  have  a  dozen  boards 
ordered  "  for  this  ten  days,  he  may  have  two, 
or  one,  or  none  for  the  next  ten ;"  so  uncertain, 
it  appears,  is  all  that  depends,  without  intrinsic 
merit,  on  mere  popular  applause. 

I  am  unable  to  give — owing  to  the  want  of 
account- books,  &c.,  which  I  have  so  often  had 
to  refer  to  as  characteristic  of  street-people — 
a  precise  account  of  the  average  number  of 
boards  thus  prepared  in  a  year.  Perhaps  it  may 
be  as  close  to  the  fact  as  possible  to  conclude 
that  the  artist  in  question,  who,  unlike  the 
majority  of  the  street-poets,  is  not  a  street-seller, 
but  works,  as  a  professional  man,  for  but  not  in 
the  streets,  realises  on  his  boards  a  profit  of 
7s.  6d.  weekly.  The  pictorial  productions  foi 
street-shows  will  be  more  appropriately  described 
in  the  account  of  street-performers  and  showmen. 

This  artist,  as  I  have  shown  concerning  some 
of  the  street- professors  of  the  sister  art  of  poesy, 
has  the  quality  of  knowing  how  to  adapt  his 
works  exactly  to  the  taste  of  his  patrons  the 
sellers,  and  of  their  patrons,  the  buyers  in  the 
streets. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  ENGRAVINGS, 

ETC.,  IN  UMBRELLAS,  ETC. 
THE  sale  of  "prints,"  "pictures,"  and  "en- 
gravings " — I  heard  them  designated  by  each 
term — in  umbrellas  in  the  streets,  has  been 
known,  as  far  as  I  could  learn  from  the  street- 
folk  for  some  fifteen  years,  and  has  been  general 
from  ten  to  twelve  years.  In  this  traffic  the 
umbrella  is  inverted  and  the  "stock"  is  dis- 
posed within  its  expanse.  Sometimes  narrow 
tapes  are  attached  from  rib  to  rib  of  the  um- 
brella, and  within  these  tapes  are  placed  the 
pictures,  one  resting  upon  another.  Sometimes 
a  few  pins  are  used  to  attach  the  larger  prints 
to  the  cotton  of  the  umbrella,  the  smaller  ones 
being  "  fitted  in  at  the  side  "  of  the  bigger. 
"Pins  is  best,  sir,  in  my  opinion,"  said  a  little 
old  man,  who  used  to  have  a  "  print  umbrella  " 
in  the  New  Cut ;  "  for  the  public  has  a  more 
unbrokener  display.  I  used  werry  fine  pins, 
though  they's  dearer,  for  people  as  has  a  penny 
to  spare  likes  to  see  things  nice,  and  big  piiif 
makes  big  holes  in  the  pictures." 

This  trade  is  most  pursued  on  still  summei 
evenings,  and  the  use  of  an  inverted  umbrellf 
seems  so  far  appropriate  that  it  can  only  be  sf 
used,  in  the  street,  in  dry  weather.  "  I  used 
to  keep  a  sharp  look-out,  sir,"  said  the  sam» 
informant,  "  for  wind  or  rain,  and  many's  til* 
time  them  devils  o'  boys — God  forgive  nn, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


329 


they's  on'y  poor  children — but  they  is  devils — 
has  come  up  to  me  and  has  said — one  in  par- 
ticler,  standin'  afore  the  rest:  'It'll  thunder 
in  five  minutes,  old  bloke,  so  hup  with  yer 
humbereller,  and  go  'ome  ;  hup  with  it  jist  as 
it  is  ;  it'll  show  stunnin  ;  and  sell  as  yer  goes.' 
O,  they're  a  shocking  torment,  sir;  nobody  can 
feel  it  like  people  in  the  streets, — shocking." 

The  engravings  thus  sold  are  of  all  descrip- 
tions. Some  have  evidently  been  the  frontis- 
pieces of  sixpenny  or  lower-priced  works.  These 
works  sometimes  fall  into  hands  of  the  "  waste 
collectors,"  and  any  "illustrations"  are  ex- 
tracted from  the  letter-press  and  are  disposed  of 
by  the  collectors,  by  the  gross  or  dozen,  to  those 
warehousemen  who  supply  the  small  shop- 
keepers and  the  street-sellers.  Sometimes,  I 
was  informed,  a  number  of  engravings,  which  had 
fora  while  appeared  as  "frontispieces"  were 
issued  for  sale  separately.  Many  of  these  were 
and  are  found  in  the  "street  umbrellas;"  more 
especially  the  portraits  of  popular  actors  and 
actresses.  "Mr.  J.  P.  Kemble,  as  Hamlet" — 
"  Mr.  Fawcett,  as  Captain  Copp  " — "  Mr. 
Young,  as  lago  " — "  Mr.  Listen,  as  Paul 
Pry" — "Mrs.  Siddons,  as  Lady  Macbeth" — 

O'Neil,  as  Belvidera,"  &c.,  &c.  In 
the  course  of  an  inquiry  into  the  subject  nearly 
a  year  and  a  halt'  ago,  I  learned  from  one 
"  umbrella  man  "  that,  six  or  seven  years  pre- 
viously, he  used  to  sell  more  portraits  of  "  Mr. 
Edmund  Kean,  as  Richard  III.,"  than  of  any- 
thing else.  Engravings,  too,  which  had  first 
been  admired  in  the  "Annuals" — when  half- 
a-guinea  was  the  price  of  the  "  Literary 
Souvenir,"  the  "  Forget-me-not,"  "  Friend- 
ship's Offering,"  the  "  Bijou,"  &c.,  &c. — are 
frequently  found  in  these  umbrellas  ;  and 
amongst  them  are  not  unfrequently  seen  por- 
traits of  the  aristocratic  beauties  of  the  day, 
•waste"  "Flowers  of  Loveliness"  and 
old  "  Court  Magazines,"  which  "  go  off  very 

The  majority  of  these  street-sold  "  en- 
gravings" are  "coloured,"  in  which  state  the 
^ellers  prefer  them,  thinking  them  much 
uleable,  though  the  information  I  received 
hardly  bears  out  their  opinion. 

following  statement,  from  a  middle-aged 
...  further  shows  the  nature  of  the  trade, 
and  the  class  of  customers  : 

c  sat    with    an    umbrella,"    she    said, 

seven  or  eight  years,   I  suppose  it  is. 

My  husband's  a  penny  lot-seller,  with  just  a 

middling  pitch"    [the  vendor  of  a   number  of 

>,  sold  at  a  penny  "  a  lot "]  "  and  in  the 

I  do  a  little  in  engravings,  wl> 
not  minding    my  husband's  'lots,'  for  he  has 
sometimes  a  day,   and   oftener   a   ni|_f 
porUring  and  packing  for  a  tradesman, 

.  sir,  I  think  I  sell  most 

'coloured.'      'Master   Toms'  wasn't  bad   last 
'  Master  Toms'  was  pictures  of  cats, 

11  must  have  seen  them— and  I  h.< 

t  colours.     If  a  child  looks  on  with  its 

likely,  it'll  want  'pussy/  ai. 
child  cnck  for  it,  it's  almost  a  sure  sale,  and 


more,  I  think,  indeed  I'm  sure,  with  men  than 
with  women.  Women  knows  the  value  of  money 
better  than  men,  for  men  never  understand  what 
housekeeping  is.  I  have  no  children,  thank 
God,  or  they  might  be  pinched,  poor  things. 
'  Miss  Kitties '  was  the  same  sale.  Toms  is 
hes,  and  Kitties  is  she  cats.  I've  sometimes 
sold  to  poor  women  who  was  tiresome ;  they 
must  have  just  what  would  fit  over  their 
mantel-pieces,  that  was  papered  with  pic- 
tures." [My  readers  may  remember  that 
some  of  the  descriptions  I  have  given,  long 
previous  to  the  present  inquiry,  of  the  rooms  of 
the  poor,  fully  bear  out  this  statement]  "  I 
seldom  venture  on  anything  above  Id.,  I  mean 
to  sell  at  Id.  I've  had  Toms  and  Kitties  at 
2d.  though.  '  Fashions '  isn't  worth  umbrella 
room  ;  the  poorest  needlewoman  won't  be  satis- 
fied with  them  from  an  umbrella.  '  Queens ' 
and  'Alberts'  and  'Wales's'  and  the  other 
children  isn't  near  so  good  as  they  was.  There's 
so  many  '  fine  portraits  of  Her  Majesty,'  or  the 
others,  given  away  with  the  first  number  of  this 
or  of  that,  that  people's  overstocked.  If  a 
working-man  can  buy  a  newspaper  or  a  num- 
ber, why  of  course  he  may  as  well  have  a 
picture  with  it.  They  gave  away  glasses  of  gin 
at  the  opening  of  that  baker's  shop  there,  and 
it's  the  same  doctrine  "  [The  word  she  used]. 
"  I  never  offer  penny  theatres,  or  comic  exhibi- 
tions, or  anything  big  ;  they  spoils  the  look  of 
the  umbrella,  and  makes  better  things  look 
mean.  I  sell  only  to  working  people,  I  think ; 
seldom  to  boys,  and  seldomer  to  girls  ;  seldom 
to  servant-maids  and  hardly  ever  to  women  of 
the  town.  I  have  taken  6d.  from  one  of  them 
though.  I  think  boys  buy  pictures  for  picture 
books.  I  never  had  what  I  suppose  was  old 
pictures.  To  a  few  old  people,  I've  known, 
'Children'  sell  fairly,  when  they're  made 
plump,  and  red  cheeked,  and  curly  haired. 
They  sees  a  resemblance  of  their  grandchildren, 
perhaps,  and  buys.  Young  married  people  does 
so  too,  but  not  so  oft,  I  think.  I  don't  remember 
that  ever  I  have  made  more  than  Is.  IQd.  on  an 
evening.  I  don't  sell,  or  very  seldom  indeed, 
at  other  times,  and  only  in  summer,  and  wlu-n 
It'  1  clear  ,j.v.  I  counts  that  a  good 
week.  It's  a  great  help  to  the  lot-selling.  I 
seldom  clear  so  much.  Ol'tener  4s." 

The  principal  sale  of  these   "  pictures,"  in 
the  streets,   is  from  umbrellas.     Occasionally,  a 
:  er,    or   even    a    miscellaneous   lot- 
seller,    when    he    has    met    with    a    cheap     lot, 
<ly  of  portraits  of  ladies,  will   display  a 
collection   of  prints,    pyramidally   arranged    mi 
his   stall, — but   these    are    exemptions. 

•  -o,  an  "  umbrella,  print-seller"  will  have 
>ii  a  sort  of  stand 
umbrella. 
ictures  tor  the  umbrellas  are  bought  at 

tin-  swag-shops, 
hare  before  spoken.     At  these   establishment* 

nmonly   supplied 

n.      The    M  buy    at  6ti. 

and  b'J.  the  dozen,  to  ftell  at  a  Id.  a  piece  ,  aud 


930 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


at  3rf.  to  sell  at  \d.  None  of  the  pictures  thus 
sold  are  prepared  expressly  for  the  streets. 

In  so  desultory  and — as  one  intelligent  street- 
Keller  with  whom  I  conversed  on  the  subject 
described  it— so  weathery  a  trade,  it  is  difficult 
to  arrive  at  exact  statistics.  From  the  best  data 
at  my  command,  it  may  be  computed,  that  foi 
twelve  weeks  of  the  year,  there  are  thirty  um- 
brella print-sellers  (all  exceptional  traders 
therein  included)  each  clearing  65.  weekly,  and 
taking  12s.  Thus  it  appears  that  216/.  is  yearly 
expended  in  the  streets  in  this  purchase.  Many 
of  the  sellers  are  old  or  infirm ;  one  who  was 
among  the  most  prosperous  before  the  changes 
in  the  streets  of  Lambeth,  was  dwarfish,  and 
was  delighted  to  be  thought  "  a  character." 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  PICTURES  IN 

FRAMES. 

FROM  about  1810,  or  somewhat  earlier,  down 
to  1830,  or  somewhat  later,  the  street-sale  of 
pictures  in  frames  was  almost  entirely  in  the 
hands  of  the  Jews.  The  subjects  were  then 
nearly  all  scriptural :  "  The  Offering  up  of 
Isaac;"  "Jacob's  Dream;"  "The  Crossing 
of  the  Red  Sea ;"  "  The  Death  of  Sisera  ;" 
and  "  The  Killing  of  Goliath  from  the  Sling 
of  the  youthful  David."  But  the  Jsw  traders 
did  not  at  all  account  it  necessary  to  confine 
the  subjects  of  their  pictures  to  the  records 
of  the  Old— their  best  trade  was  in  the  illus- 
trations of  the  New  Testament  Perhaps  the 
"  Stoning  of  St.  Stephen"  was  their  most 
saleable  "  picture  in  a  frame."  There  were 
also  "  The  Nativity;"  "The  Slaying  of 
the  Children,  by  order  of  Herod"  (with  the 
quotation  of  St  Matthew,  chap.  ii.  verse  17, 
"  Then  was  fulfilled  that  which  was  spoken  by 
Jeremy  the  prophet");  "  The  Sermon  on  the 
Mount;"  "The  Beheading  of  John  the  Baptist ;" 
"  The  Entry  of  Christ  into  Jerusalem;"  "  The 
Raising  of  Lazarus;"  "The  Betrayal  on  the 
part  of  Judas  ;"  "  The  Crucifixion  ;"  and  "  The 
Conversion  of  St.  Paul."  There  were  others, 
but  these  were  the  principal  subjects.  All 
these  pictures  were  coloured,  and  very  deeply 
coloured.  St  Stephen  was  stoned  in  the  lightest 
of  sky-blue  short  mantles.  The  pictures  were 
sold  in  the  streets  of  London,  mostly  in  the  way 
of  hawking ;  but  ten  times  as  extensively,  I  am 
told,  in  the  country,  as  in  town.  Indeed,  at 
the  present  time,  many  a  secluded  village  ale- 
house has  its  parlour  walls  decorated  with  these 
scriptural  illustrations,  which  seem  to  have 
superseded 

44  The  pictures  placed  for  ornament  and  use ; 
The  twelve  good  rules;  the  royal  game  of  goose," 

mentioned  by  Goldsmith  as  characteristic  of  a 
village  inn.  These  "Jew  pictures"  are  now 
yielding  to  others. 

Most  of  these  articles  were  varnished,  and  2s. 
or  2s.  6d.  each  was  frequently  the  price  asked, 
Is.  6d,  being  taken  "  if  no  better  could  be 
done,"  and  sometimes  Is.  A  smaller  amount 
per  single  picture  was  always  taken,  if  a  set 


were  purchased.  These  productions  were  pre- 
pared principally  for  street-sale  and  for  hawkers. 
The  frames  were  narrower  and  meaner-looting 
than  in  the  present  street-pictures  of  the  kind  ; 
they  were  stained  like  the  present  frames,  in  imi- 
tation of  maple,  but  far  less  skilfully.  Some- 
times they  were  a  black  japan  ;  sometimes  • 
sorry  imitation  of  mahogany. 

In  the  exciteraent  of  the  Reform  Bill  era,  the 
street-pictures  in  frames  most  in  demand  were 
Earl  Grey,  Earl  Spencer's  (or  Lord  Althorp), 
Lord  Brougham's,  and  Lord  John  Russell's. 
O'ConnelPs  also  "  sold  well,"  as  did  William 
IV.  "  Queen  Adelaide,"  I  was  told,  "  went 
off  middling,  not  much  more  than  half  as  good 
as  William."  Towards  the  close  of  King  Wil- 
liam's life,  the  portraits  of  the  Princess  Vic- 
toria of  Kent  were  of  good  sale  in  the  streets, 
and  her  Royal  Highness  was  certainly  repre- 
sented as  a 'young  lady  of  undue  plumpness, 
and  had  hardly  justice  done  to  her  portraiture. 
The  Duchess  of  Kent,  also,  I  was  informed, 
"  sold  fairish  in  the  streets."  In  a  little  time, 
the  picture  in  a  frame  of  the  Princess  Victoria 
of  Kent,  with  merely  an  alteration  in  the  title, 
became  available  as  Queen  Victoria  I.,  of  Great 
Britain  and  Ireland.  Since  that  period,  there 
have  been  the  princes  and  princesses,  her  Ma- 
jesty's offspring,  who  present  a  strong  family 
resemblance. 

•The  street  pictures,  so  to  speak,  are  not  un- 
frequently  of  a  religious  character.  Pictures 
of  the  Virgin  and  Child,  of  the  Saviour  seated 
at  the  Last  Supper,  of  the  Crucifixion,  or  of 
the  different  saints,  generally  coloured.  The 
principal  purchasers  of  these  "  religious  pic- 
tures" are  the  poorer  Irish.  I  remember  see- 
ing, in  the  course  of  an  inquiry  among  street- 
performers  last  summer,  the  entire  wall  of  a 
poor  street- dancer's  one  room,  except  merely 
the  space  occupied  by  the  fireplace,  covered 
with  small  coloured  pictures  in  frames,  the 
whole  of  which,  the  proprietor  told  me,  with 
some  pride,  he  had  picked  up  in  the  streets, 
according  as  he  could  spare  a  few  pence.  Among 
them  were  a  crucifix  (of  bone),  and  a  few  me- 
dallions, of  a  religious  character,  in  plaster  or 
wax.  This  man  was  of  Italian  extraction  ;  but 
I  have  seen  the  same  thing  in  the  rooms  of  the 
Roman  Catholic  Irish,  though  never  to  the 
same  extent. 

The  general  subjects  now  most  in  demand  for 
street-sale  are,  "  Lola  Montes,"  "  Louis  Philippe 
and  his  Queen,"  "  The  Sailor's  Return,"  "  The 
Soldier's  Return,"  and  the  "Parting"  of  the 
same  individuals,  Smugglers,  in  different  situa- 
tions, Poachers  also;  "Turpin's  Ride  to  York," 
the  divers  feats  attributed  to  Jack  Sheppard  (but 
less  popular  than  "  Turpin's  Ride,")  "  Court- 
ship," "Marriage"  (the  one  a  couple  car. 
and  the  other  bickering),  "  Father  Mathev 
very  black  large  boots),  "  Napoleon  Bonaparta 
crossing  the  Alps,"  and  his  "  Farewell  to  ;..'• 
Troops  at  Fontainebleau,"  "  Scenes  of  Piracy." 
None  of  these  subjects  are  modern ;  "  LOJJ 
Montes"  (a  bold-faced  woman,  in  a  ridinp 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


331 


habit)  being  the  newest.  "  Why,"  said  one 
man  familiar  with  the  trade,  "  there  hasn't 
been  no  Louis  Napoleon  in  a  frame-picture  for 
the  streets,  nor  Cobdens,  nor  Feargus  O'Con- 
nors, nor  Sir  John  Franklins  ;  what  is  wanted 
for  us  is  something  exciting." 

The  prices  of  frame- pictures  (as  I  sometimes 
heard  them  called)  made  expressly  for  street- 
sale,  vary  from  Id.  to  I ;.  a  pair.  The  Id.  a  pair 
are  about  six  inches  by  four,  very  rude,  and  on 
thin  paper,  and  with  frames  made  of  lath-wood 
(stained),  but  put  together  very  compactly. 
The  cheaper  sorts  are  of  prints  bought  at  the 
swag-shops,  or  of  waste- dealers,  sometimes 
roughly  coloured,  and  sometimes  plain.  The 
greatest  sale  is  of  those  charged  from  2d.  to  4<*. 
the  pair. 

Some  of  the  higher-priced  pictures  are  painted 
purposely  for  the  streets,  but  are  always  copies 
of  some  popular  engraving,  and  their  sale  is  not 
a  twentieth  of  the  others.  These  frame-pictures 
were,  and  are,  generally  got  up  by  a  family,  the 
girls  taking  the  management  of  the  paper-work, 
the  boys  of  the  wood.  The  parents  have,  many 
of  them,  been  paper-stainers.  This  division  of 
labour  is  one  reason  of  the  exceeding  cheapness 
of  this  street  branch  of  the  fine  arts.  These 
working  artists  —  or  whatever  they  are  to  be 
called — also  prepare  and  frame  for  street-sale 
the  plates  given  away  in  the  first  instance  with 
a  number  of  a  newspaper  or  a  periodical,  and 
afterwards  "to  be  had  for  next  to  nothing." 
The  prevalence  of  such  engravings  has  tended 
greatly  to  diminish  the  sale  of  the  pictures  pre- 
pared expressly  for  the  streets. 

Ten  years  ago  this  trade  was  ten  times  greater 

than  it  is  now.     The  principal  sale  still  is,  and 

was,  at  the  street-markets  on  Saturday 

evenings.     They  are  sold  piled  on  a  small  stall, 

ed  under  the  arm.    To  sell  10s.  worth  on 

rday  night  is  an  extraordinary  sale,  and 

.   is  a  bad  one,  and  the  frame-picturer 

must  have  "middling  patter  to  set  them  off  at 

all.     'Twopence  a  pair!'  he'll  say;   'only  two- 

jH-nce  a  j>air  !      Who'd  be  without  an  ornament 

.  .veiling?'  " 

There  are  now  about  fifty  persons  engaged  in 

this  sale  on  a  Saturday  night,   of  whom    the 

majority  are  the  artists  or  preparers  of  the  pic- 

On  a   Monday  evening  there1  are  about 

:id   not   half  that  number  on 

^s — but  some  ''  take  a  round  in  the 

•uburl 

If  these  people  take  10.?.  wc-i-kly  fur  frame- 

1.0  J(i/.     is 

profits   are 

about  •  ,ys  and  workin'_'   people 

e  most.      The  trade  is 

at  a  public-house.  ionics, 

1  was  told,  now  frame  their  o* 

OF  TI  ;  r.Rg  OP  MANU*< 

it  Music. 

on  in  the  it 


reasons  I  heard  assigned  for  the  decadence  were 
the  greater  cheapness  of  musical  productions 
generally,  and  the  present  fondness  for  litho- 
graphic embellishments  to  every  polka,  waltz, 
Juadrille,  ballad,  &c.,  &c.     "  People  now  hates, 
do  believe,  a  bare  music -sheet,"  one  street- 
seller  remarked. 

The  street  manuscript-music  trade  was,  cer- 
tainly, and  principally,  piratical.  An  air 
became  popular  perhaps  on  a  sudden,  as  it  was 
pointed  out  to  me,  in  the  case,  of  "  Jump,  Jim 
Crow."  At  a  musical  publisher's,  such  an 
affair  in  the  first  bloom  of  its  popularity,  would 
have  been  charged  from  2s.  to  3s.  6d.,  twenty- 
five  years  ago,  and  the  street-seller  at  that  time, 
often  also  a  book- stall  keeper,  would  employ,  or 
buy  of  those  who  offered  them  for  sale,  and  who 
copied  them  for  the  purpose,  a  manuscript  of 
the  demanded  music,  which  he  could  sell  cheap 
in  comparison. 

A  man  who,  until  the  charges  of  which  I 
have  before  spoken,  kept  a  second-hand  book- 
stall, in  a  sort  of  arched  passage  in  the  New 
Cut,  Lambeth,  sold  manuscript-music,  and  was 
often  "  sadly  bothered,"  he  said,  at  one  time  by 
the  musical  propensities  of  a  man  who  looked 
like  a  journeyman  tailor.  This  man,  whenever 
he  had  laid  out  a  trifle  at  the  book-stall,  looked 
over  the  music,  and  often  pulled  a  small  flute 
from  his  pocket,  and  began  to  play  a  few  bars 
from  one  of  the  manuscripts,  and  this  he  con- 
tinued doing,  to  the  displeasure  of  the  stall - 
keeper,  until  a  crowd  began  to  assemble,  think- 
ing, perhaps,  that  the  flute-player  was  a  street- 
musician  ;  he  was  then  obliged  to  desist.  Of 
the  kind  of  music  he  sold,  or  of  its  mode  of 
production,  this  street-bookseller  knew  nothing. 
He  purchased  it  of  a  man  who  carried  it  to  his 
stall,  and  as  he  found  it  sell  tolerably  well,  he 
gave  himself  no  further  trouble  concerning  it. 
The  supplier  of  the  manuscript  pencilled  on 
each  sheet  the  price  it  was  to  be  offered  at, 
allowing  the  stall-keeper  from  50  to  150  per 
cent,  profit,  if  the  price  marked  was  obtained. 
"  I  haven't  seen  anything  of  him,  sir,"  said  the 
street-bookseller,  "  for  a  long  while.  I  dare 
say  he  was  some  poor  musicianer,  or  singer,  or 
a  reduced  gentleman,  perhaps,  for  he  always 
came  after  dusk,  or  else  on  bad  dark  days." 

Although  but  partially  connected  with 
art,    I   may  mention  as  a  sample  of  the  music 
sometimes   offered   in   street-sale,    that    a    book- 
stall keeper,  three  weeks  a^o  showed   me   a   pile. 
of    music     which     he    had    purchased     from     a 
"waste   collector,"    about   eight   months  before, 
at  2J//.  the  pound.      Among  this  was  MUIM-   MS. 
which    I    specify    below,   and    which   tho 
book-stall    keeper   was   confident,    on  very    in- 
.    I    think,   had   been  done   fur 

had.  as  regards  three- lour! 
:i    bound,  and    had    been    to: 

the  boards  of  the  book,  as  only  the  paper  por- 
tion is  purchased  i< 

.    whirl)    had    t  \  -dentiy 

i,g.      J 


332 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


now  cite  some  of  the  titles  of  this  street- sale  : 
"  Le  Petit  Tambour.  Sujet  d'un  Grand  Ron- 
deau pour  le  Piano  Forte.  Compose"  par  L.  Zer- 
bini,"  (MS.)  "  Di  Tanti  Palpiti.  The  Cele- 
brated Cavatina,  by  Rossini,  &c."  "Twenty 
Short  Lessons,  or  Preludes  in  the  most  Con- 
venient Keys  for  the  Harp.  Composed  and 
Respectfully  Dedicated  to  Lady  Ann  Collins. 
By  John  Baptist  Meyer.  Price  5*."  "  An 
Cota  Gaol  (given  in  the  ancient  Irish  character.) 
The  Slender  Coat,"  (MS.)  "  Cailin  beog  chruite 
na  mbo  (also  in  Irish).  The  Pretty  Girl  Milk- 
ing the  Cow,"  (MS.) 

OF   THE    CAPITAL  AND   INCOME  OF   THE   STREET-SELLERS  OF  STATION- 
ERY, LITERATURE,  AND  THE  FINE  ARTS. 


There  are  now  no  persons  regularly  employe  i 
in  preparing  MS.  music  for  the  streets.  But 
occasionally  a  person  skilled  hi  music  writing 
will,  when  he  or  she,  I  was  told,  had  nothing 
better  in  hand,  do  a  little  for  the  street  gale, 
disposing  of  the  MSS.  to  any  street- stationer  or 
bookseller.  If  four  persons  are  this  way  em- 
ployed, receiving  4s.  a  week  each,  the  year 
through — which  I  am  assured  is  the  extent — 
we  find  upwards  of  40/.  thus  earned,  and 
about  twice  that  sum  taken  by  the  street  re- 
tailers. 


I  now  proceed  to  give  a  summary  of  the  capital, 
and  income  of  the  above  classes.  I  will  first 
however,  endeavour  to  give  a  summary  of  the 
number  of  individuals  belonging  to  the  class. 

This  appears  to  be  made  up  (so  far  as  I  am 
able  to  ascertain)  of  the  following  items: — 120 
sellers  of  stationery ;  20  sellers  of  pocket-books 
and  diaries  ;  50  sellers  of  almanacks  and  memo- 
randum-books ;  12  sellers  of  account-books  ;  31 
card-sellers  ;  6  secret  papers-sellers ;  250  sellers 
of  songs  and  ballads  ;  90  running  patterers ;  20 
standing  patterers;  8  sellers  of  "cocks"  (prin- 
cipally elopements);  15  selling  conundrums, 
"comic  exhibitions,"  &c.;  200  selling  play-bills 
and  books  for  the  play ;  40  back-number-sellers ; 
4  waste  paper- sellers  at  Billingsgate  ;  40  sellers 
of  tracts  and  pamphlets;  12  newsvenders,  &c., 
at  steam-boat  piers ;  2  book  auctioneers  ;  70 
book-stall  keepers  and  book  barrow-men ;  16 
sellers  of  guide-books  ;  30  sellers  of  song- books 
and  children's  books  ;  40  dealers  in  pictures  in 
frames  ;  30  vendors  of  engravings  in  umbrellas, 
and  4  sellers  of  manuscript  music  —  making 
altogether  a  total  of  1,1 10.  Many  of  the  above 
street-trades  are,  however,  only  temporary.  As, 
for  instance,  the  street-sale  of  playing-cards, 
continues  only  fourteen  days  in  the  year ;  pocket- 
books  and  diaries,  four  weeks ;  others,  again,  are 
not  regularly  pursued  from  day  to  day,  as  the  sale 
of  prints  and  engravings  in  umbrellas,  which 
affords  employment  for  but  twelve  weeks  out  of 
the  fifty-two,  and  conundrums  for  two  months. 
One  trade,  however,  (namely,  that  of  "  Comic 
Exhibition  Papers,"  gelatine  and  engraved  cards 
of  the  Exhibition)  is  entirely  now  in  the  streets. 
In  the  broad-sheet  trade,  again,  the  "  running 
patterers"  work  what  are  called  "cocks,"  when 
there  are  no  incidents  happening  to  incite  the 
public  mind.  Hence,  making  due  allowances 
for  such  variations,  we  may  fairly  assume  that 
the  street-sellers  belonging  to  this  class  number 
at  least  1,000.  The  following  statistics  will 
show  the  whole  amount  of  capital,  and  the  gross 
income  of  this  branch  of  street  traffic . 
CAPITAL  OR  VALUE  OF  THE  STOCK-IN-TRADE 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  STATIONERY, 

LITERATURE  AND  THE  FINE  ARTS. 
Street-sellers  of  Stationery. 

<iO    stalls,   4s.   each;    80   boxes, 


£    s.    d. 

3s.  6d.  each ;  and  stock-money  for 
120  sellers,  10*.  each 82     0     0 

Street-sellers  of  Pocket-books  anil  Diaries. 
Stock-money  for  20  vendors,  10s. 
each 10     0     0 

Street-sellers  of  Almanacks  and  Memorandum- 
books. 
Stock-money  for  50  vendors,  Is. 

per  head 2  10    0 

Street-sellers  of  Account-books. 
12  baskets,  3s.  each  ;  12  waterproof 
b&gs,  2s.  6d.  each ;  stoik-money  for 

12  sellers,  15s.  each 12     6     0 

Street-sellers  of  Cards. 
Stock-money  for  20  sellers,  Is.  6d. 

each 250 

Street-seller  of  Stenographic-cards. 
Stock-money  for  1  seller     ...       016 

Street-sellers  of  Long-songs. 
20  poles  to  which  songs  are  at- 
tached, 2d.  each ;    stock-money  for 
20  sellers,  Is.  each 134 

Street-sellers  of  Wall-songs  ("  Pinners-up.") 

30  canvass  frames,  to  which  songs 
are  hung,  2s.  each ;  stock-money  for 
30  sellers,  Is.  each 4  10  0 

Street-sellers  of  Ballads  ("  Chaunters.") 
2  fiddles,  7s.  each  ;  stock-money 
for  200  chaunters,  If.  each     .     .     .     10  14     0 

Street-sellers  of  "  Dialogues,"  "Litanies,"  SfC. 

("Standing  Patterers.") 
20  boards  with  appendages  "  for 
pictures,"  5s.  6d.  each  ;  20  paintings 
for    boards,    3s.   6d.   each ;    stock- 
money  for  20  vendors,  Is.  each   .     .     10     0     0 
Street-sellers  of  Executions,  $c.  ("  Running 

Patterers.") 
Stock-money   for  90   sellers,   Is. 

each  ..." 4  10    0 

Street-sellers  of  "  Cocks." 
Stock-money  for  8  sellers,  Is.  each       080 

&tre?t-sellers  of  Conundrums  and  Nuts  to  Crack. 

Stock-money  for  15  sellers,  Is. 
each  0  16  0 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POCit. 


333 


Street-tellers  of  Exhibition  Papers,  Magical 

Delusions,  Sfe. 
Stock-money   for    15    sellers,   Is. 

each 0  15     0 

Street-sellers  of  Stcret  Papers. 
Stock-money   for  6  vendors,   1*. 

each 060 

Street-sellers  of  Play-bills  and  Books  of  the  Play. 
Stock-money  for  200  vendors,  2*. 

each 20     0     0 

Street-sellers  of  Back  Numbers. 
Stock-money    for   40  sellers,  5*. 

each        10     0     0 

Sheet-sellers  of  Waste-paper  at  Billingsgate. 
Stock-money  for  4  sellers,  5s.  each     100 

Street-sellers  of  Tracts  and  Pamphlets. 
Stock- money  for  40  sellers,   6d. 

each 100 

Street-sellers  of  Newspapers  (Second  Edition). 
Stock-money  for  20  sellers,  2s.  6d. 

each 2  10     0 

Street-sellers  of  Newspapers,  fyc.,  on  board 

Steam- boats. 
Stock-money   for    12  sellers,   5s. 

each 300 

Street- sellers  of  Books  by  Auction. 
Stock-money     for  2    sellers,    21. 
each;  2  barrows,  I/,  each;  2  boards, 

for  barrows,  3s.  each 660 

Street-sellers  of  Books  on  Stalls  and  Barrows. 
20  stalls,  4s.  each;  50  barrows, 
I/,  each;  50  boards,  for  barrowi,  3s. 
each  ;  stock-money,   for  70  sellers, 

21.  each 201   10     0 

Street-sellers  of  Guide-books. 
Stock- money,    fur  16'  sellers,  5s. 

each 400 

Street-sellers  of  Song  Books  and  Children's  Books. 
.-money,  for  30  vendors,  Is. 

each 1   10     0 

Street-sellers  of  Pictures  in  Frames. 
40  stall*,   2s.   6d.   each;    stock- 
money,  for  40  sellers,  5s.  each     .     .     15     0     C 
t-si'llirs  of  Engravings  in  Umbrellas. 

2s.  6d.  each;  stock- 
nancy,  for  30  sellers,  2s.  each     .     .       300 

"tusic. 

Stock                     r  i  .sillers,  lt.6d. 
each 060 

TOTAL    CAP;TAI  i.    IN 

o     THE     FINE 
ARTS 411     .1  10 


IMCOMK,   OR   AVERAGE  ANNUAL  "TAKINGS," 
or  UK  I.LEM  OF  STATIONERY, 

KATUKE,    AND   THE    FlNE    ART*. 
8trt€t- teller*  of  Stationery. 

<rho  nil  altogether  during 


224,640  quires  of  writing  paper  at  3d. 
per  quire  ;  149,760  doz.  envelopes,  at 
1  Jrf.  per  doz.  ;  37,440  doz.  pens,  atSrf. 
per  doz.  ;  24,960  bottles  of  ink,  at  Id. 
each;  112,320  black  lead  pencils,  at 
Id.  each ;  24,960  pennyworths  of 
wafers,  and  49,920  sticks  of  sealing- 
wax,  at  %d.  per  stick ;  amounting  alto- 
gether to  £4,992 

Street-sellers  of  Pocket-books  and  DiarUs. 
During  the  year  1 ,440  pocket-books, 
at  6d.   each,  and  960  diaries,  at  6d. 
each,    are  sold   in  the  streets  by  20 
vendors ;  amounting  to £60 

Street-sellers  of  Almanacks   and   Memorandum- 
books. 

There  are  said  during  the  year,  in 
the  streets  of  London,  280,800  memo- 
randum-books, at  Id.  each,  and  4,800 
almanacks  at  Id.  each,  among  50  ven- 
dors, altogether  amounting  to  ...  £1,190 

Street-sellers  of  Account- books. 
There  are  now  12  itinerants  vending 
account-books  in  various  parts  of  the 
metropolis,  each  of  whom  sells  daily, 
upon  an  average,  4  account-books,  at 
Is.  9d.  each  ;  the  number  sold  during 
the  year  is  therefore  14,976,  and  the 
sum  expended  thereon  amounts  to  .  .  £1,310 

Street-sellers  of   "Gelatine,"   "Engraved,"  and 
"  Playing-cards." 

There  are  20  street- sellers  vending 
gelatine  and  engraved  cards  during  the 
day,  and  30  selling  playing-cards  (for 
14  days)  at  night.  These  vendors  get 
rid  of,  among  them,  in  the  course  of  the 
year,  43,200  gelatine,  and  14,400  en- 
graved cards,  at  Id.  each,  and  3,360 
packs  of  playing-cards,  at  3d.  per 
pack  ;  so  that  the  money  spent  in  the 
streets  on  the  sale  of  engraved,  gela- 
tine, and  playing-cards,  during  the 

year,  amounts  to £282 

Street-seller  of  Stenographic  Cards. 

There  is  only  1  individual  "  work- 
ing"  stenographic  cards  in  the  stn 

•ion,  and  the  number  lie  sells  in 
the  course  of  the  year  is  7,448  cards, 
at  lil.  each,  amounting  to  ....  £31  4 

Mm-t-si'llert  of  Long  Songs. 

I  am  assured,  that  if  20  persons  were 

selling  long  songs   in   the   street   last 

suniiii'T  (during  a  period  of  12  weeks), 

it  was  "  the  outside ;"  as  long  songs 

are    now    "  for    fairs    and    races,    and 

country  work."    Calculating  that  eaeh 

!».v.  in  a  wi-i-k,  ami  to  clear  that 

took  15*.,  we  find  there  is  expended  in 

long  songs  in  the  streets  annually  .     . 

Street- trlltrt  of  Wall  Songs  ("  Pinners- up."  ) 

r  days,  the  wall  son^- 
scllers  (of  wh«>ni  then".-  are  30)  take  2s. 
on  an  average.  On  short  wintry  days 


S34 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


they  may  not  take  half  so  much,  and 
on  very  foggy  or  rainy  days  they  take 
nothing  at  all.  Reckoning  that  each 
wall  song-man  now  takes  10*.  6d. 
weekly  (7*.  being  the  profit),  we  find 
there  is  expended  yearly  in  London 
streets,  in  the  ballads  of  the  pinners-up  £810 

Street- sellers  of  Ballads  ("  Chaunters.") 
There  are  now  200  chaunters,  who 
also  sell  the  ballads  they  sing;    the 
average  takings  of  each   are  3s.  per 
day  ;  altogether  amounting  to     ...    £4,680 

Street-sellers  of  Executions,  $c.  ("  Running  Pat- 

terers.") 

Some  represent  their  average  weekly 
earnings  at  12*.  6d.  the  year  through; 
some  at  10s.  6d. ;  and  others  at  less 
than  half  of  12s.  6d.  Reckoning,  how- 
ever, that  only  9s.  weekly  is  an  average 
profit  per  individual,  and  that  14s.  be 
taken  to  realise  that  profit,  we  find 
there  is  expended  yearly,  on  executions, 
fires,  deaths,  &c.,  in  London  .  .  .  £3,276 

Street -sellers  of  Dialogues,  Litanies,  fyc.  (Stand- 
ing Patterers.) 

If  20  standing  patterers  clear  10*. 
weekly,  each,  the  year  through,  and 
take  15s.  weekly,  we  find  there  is 
yearly  expended  in  the  standing  patter 
of  London  streets £780 

Street-sellers    of    "  Cocks  "    (Elopements,   Love 

Letters,  SjC. 

There  are  now  8  men  who  sell 
nothing  but  "Cocks,"  each  of  whom 
dispose  daily  of  6  dozen  copies  at  \d. 
per  copy,  or  altogether,  during  the 
year,  179,712  copies,  amounting  to  £374  8*. 

Street-sellers  of  Conundrums — "  Nuts  to  Crack," 

8fc. 

From  the  best  information  I  could 
acquire,  it  appears  that  fifteen  men 
may  be  computed  as  working  conun- 
drums for  two  months  throughout  the 
twelve,  and  clearing  10s.  6d.  weekly, 
per  individual.  The  cost  of  the  "  Nuts 
to  Crack  "  (when  new)  is  5d.  a  dozen 
to  the  seller;  but  old  "Nuts"  often 
answer  the  purpose  of  the  street- seller, 
and  may  be  had  foi  about  half  the 
price ;  the  cost  of  the  "  Nut-crack- 
ers" is  2s.  to  2s.  6d.  It  may  be  cal- 
culated, then,  that  to  realize  the 
10s.  6d.  above-mentioned  15s.  must 
be  taken.  This  shows  the  street  ex- 
penditure in  "Nuts  to  Crack"  and 
"  Nut-crackers "  to  be  yearly  .  .  .  £90 

Street-sellers     of    Exhibition    Papers,    Magical 

Delusions,  Sfc. 

This  trade  is  carried  on  only  for  a 
.nhort  time  in  the  winter,  as  regards  the 
magical  portion ,  and  I  am  informed 
that,  including  the  "  Comic  Exhibi- 
tions," it  extends  to  about  half  of 


the  sum  taken  for  conundrums ;  or  to 
about £\6 

Street-sellers  of  Secret  Papers. 
Supposing   that   6    men   last    year 
each  cleared  6s.  weekly,  we  find  ex- 
pended yearly  in  the  streets  on   this 
rubbish £93 

Street-sellers  of  Play-bills  and  Books. 
Taking  the  profits  at  3s.  a  week, 
at  cent,  per  cent  on  the  ontlay,  and 
reckoning  200  sellers,  including  those 
at  the  saloons,  concert-rooms,  &c., 
there  is  expended  yearly  on  the  sale 
of  play-bills  purchased  in  the  streets 
of  London £3,120 

Street-sellers  of  Back  Numbers. 
There  are  now  40  vendors  in  the 
streets  of  London,  each  selling  upon 
an  average  3  dozen  copies  daily,  at  \d. 
each,  or  during  the  year  336,960  odd 
numbers.  Hence,  the  sum  expended 
annually  in  the  streets  for  back  num- 
bers of  periodicals  amounts  to  up- 
wards of  £700 

Street-sellers  of  Waste-paper  at  Billingsgate. 
There  are  4  individuals  selling 
waste -paper  at  Billingsgate,  one  of 
whom  informed  me  that  from  70  to 
100  pounds  weight  of  "  waste  " — 
about  three-fourths  being  newspa- 
pers— is  supplied  to  Billingsgate  mar- 
ket and  its  visitants.  The  average 
price  is  not  less  than  2Jrf.  a  pound, 
or  from  that  to  3d.  A  single  paper  is 
Id.  Reckoning  that  85  pounds  of 
waste- paper  are  sold  a  day,  at  2}rf. 
per  pound,  we  find  that  the  annual 
expenditure  in  waste-paper  at  Bil- 
lingsgate is  upwards  of £275 

Street-sellers  of  Tracts  and  Pamphlets. 
From  the  information  I  obtained 
from  one  of  this  class  of  street-sellers, 
I  find  there  are  40  individuals  gaining 
a  livelihood  in  selling  tracts  and  pam- 
phlets in  the  streets,  full  one  half  are 
men  of  colour,  the  other  half  consists 
of  old  and  infirm  men,  and  young 
boys,  the  average  takings  of  each  is 
about  Is.  a  day,  the  year  through  ;  the 
annual  street  expenditure  hi  the  sale 
of  tracts  and  pamphlets  is  thus  up- 
wards of  £620 

Street-sellers  of  Newspapers  (Second  Edition.) 

There  are  20  who  are  engaged  in 
the  street  sale  of  newspapers,  second 
edition,  each  of  whom  take  weekly 
(for  a  period  of  6  weeks  in  the  year) 
11.  5s. ;  so  that,  adopting  the  calcula- 
tion of  my  informant,  and  giving  a 
profit  of  150  per  cent,  the  yearly 
expenditure  in  the  streets,  in  second 
editions,  amounts  to £150 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


335 


of  Newspapers,  fyc..  at  Steam-Boat 
Piers. 

I  am  informed  that  the  average 
earnings  of  these  traders,  altogether, 
may  be  taken  at  15*.  weekly ;  calcu- 
lating that  twelve  carry  on  the  trade 
I  he  year  through,  we  find  that  (assum- 
ing each  man  to  sell  at  thirty-three 
per  cent,  profit— though  in  the  case 
of  old  works  it  will  he  often  cent  per 
cent),  the  sum  expended  annually 
in  steam-boat  papers  is  upwards  of  .£1,5CO 
Street-sellers  of  Books  (by  Auction). 

There  are  at  present  only  2  street- 
sellers  of  books  by  auction  in  London, 
whose  clear  weekly  earnings  are  10*.  6d. 
each.  Calculating  their  profits  at  250/. 
per  cent.,  their  weekly  receipts  will 
amount  to  35*.  each  per  week ;  giving 
a  yearly  expenditure  of £91 

Street-sellers  of  Books  on  Stalls  and  Barrows. 

The  number  of  book- stalls  and  bar- 
rows in  the  streets  of  the  metropolis  is 
70.  The  proprietors  of  these  sell  weekly 
upon  an  average  42  volumes  each.  The 
number  of  volumes  annually  sold  in 
the  streets  is  thus  1,375,920,  and  reck- 
oning each  volume  sold  to  average  9d., 
we  find  that  the  yearly  expenditure  in 
the  sale  of  books  in  the  street  amounts 
to £5,733 

Street-sellers  of  Guide-books. 
The  street- sellers  of  guide-books  to 
public  places  of  amusement,  are  16  in 
number,  the  profit  of  each  is  4*.  weekly, 
j.ercent,  hence  the  takings  must 
be  20*. ;  thus  making  the  annual  ex- 
penditure  in   the  street-sale  of  such 
books  amount  to £832 

t-sale  of  Song -books  and  Chidren's  books. 
There  are  30  street-sellers  who  vend 
children's  books  and  song-books,  and 
dispose  of,  among  them,  2  dozen  each 
e  year  224,610  books, 
at  Id.  each;  hence  the  sum  yearly  ex- 
pended in  the  street-sale  of  children's 
books  and  song-books  is £936 

Street-tellers  of  Pictures  in  Frames. 
I  f  we  calculate  40  persons  selling  pic- 
tures in  frames,  and  each  taking  10*. 
weekly  ;  we  find  the  annual   amount 

a  the  streets  in  the  sale  of  these 
articles  is £1,040 

Street-teller  i  of  Print*  and  Engravings  in 

Umbrella*. 

The  street-sale  of  print*  and  engrav- 

umbrellas  lasts  only  12  weeks. 

^^•k  are  30  individuals  who  gain  a 

sale  of  these  articles 

during  that  period.  The  average  takings 

tf  each  seller  is  12*.  weekly;  so  that 

the    annual    stre»  ire    upon 

prinu  and  engravings  is £216 


Street-sellers  of  Manuscript  Mtuic, 
There  are  only  4  sellers  of  manuscript 
music  in  the  streets,  who  take  on  an 
average  4*.  each  weekly  ;  hence  we  find 
the  annual  expenditure  in  this  article 
amounts  in  round  numbers  to  ...  £40 

TOTAL  SUM  EXPENDED  YEARLY 
IN  THE  STREETS  ON  STATIONERY, 
LITERATURE,  AND  THE  FINE 
ARTS £33,446  12*. 


AN  EPITOME  OF  THE  PATTERING  CLASS. 
I  wish,  before  passing  to  the  next  subject — tho 
street-sellers  of  manufactured  articles  (of  one 
of  whom  the  engraving  here  given  furnishes  t 
well-known  specimen) — I  wish,  I  say,  as  I  find 
some  mistakes  have  occurred  on  the  subject,  tt 
give  the  public  a  general  view  of  the  patterers, 
as  well  as  to  offer  some  few  observations  con- 
cerning the  means  of  improving  the  habits  of 
street-people  in  general. 

The  patterers  consist  of  three  distinct  classes  , 
viz.,  those  who  sell  something,  and  patter  t» 
help  off  their  goods ;  those  who  exhibit  some 
thing,  and  patter  to  help  off  the  show;  and 
those  who  do  nothing  but  patter,  with  a  view 
to  elicit  alms.  Under  the  head  of  "  Patterers 
who  sell  "  may  be  classed 

Dealers  in  Razor  Paste, 
French  1'olish, 


Paper  Workers, 
Quack  Doctors, 
Cheap  Jacks, 
Grease  Removers, 
Wager  Patterers, 
Ring  Sellers, 
Dealers  in  Corn  Sa\ve, 


Plating  Halls, 
CandleShades, 
Rat  Poisons,  & 
Blacking, 
Book  Auctioneers. 


The  second  class  of  patterers  includes  jug- 
glers, showmen,  clowns,  and  fortune-tellers ;  be- 
side several  exhibitors  who  invite  public  notice 
to  the  wonders  of  the  telescope  or  microscope. 

The   third   and    last   class    of   patterers   arc 
those   who   neither  sell    nor  amuse,    but   only 
victimise    those   who    get   into   their   clutches. 
These  (to  use  their  own  words)  "  do  it  on  the 
bounce."     Their  general  resort   is   an  interior 
public-house,  sometimes  a  brothel,  or  a  coflee- 
shop.      One  of  the  tricks  of  these  worthies  is  to 
group  together  at  a  window,  and  if  a  well-.; 
per.-un    pa>s   by,    to   salute   him   with   the  con- 
l  a  flour-bag.     One  of  their  pals     U-ttt  r 
dressed  than  the  rest— immediately  walks  out, 
.rely    aeeidi  ntal,    and    invites 
the  gentleman  in  "  to  he  brushed.1'      Probaoly 
.  .i:nl   still   more  probably,  if  he  be 
"  good-natured,"  he  is  plied  with  liquor,  drugged 
with  snnrt'  for  the  occasion,  and  lett  in  some  ob- 
scure court,  utterly  Mupilied.    When  he  awakes, 
that  Ins  watch,  purse,  &c.,  are  gone, 
isual  obsei  .  may 

u  quaintanOf 
with  the  parties  to  whom  I  allude,"    says  one  of 

the  pattering  class,  from  whom  1  hare  received 

much     .  I'irmalioii  ;    "  .  .  •!    if  he   be  a 

la    and    Ml 
though  slight,  may  sometimes  prove  ri]  > 


336 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


But  casual  observers  cannot,  from  the  com- 
plexity and  varied  circumstances  of  the  charac- 
ters now  under  notice,  form  anything  like  a 
correct  view  of  them.  I  am  convinced  that  no  one 
ca:;,  but  those  who  have  visited  their  haunts  and 
indeed  lived  among  them  for  months  together. 
They  are  not  to  be  known,  any  more  than  the 
great  city  was  to  be  built,  in  a  day.  This  ad- 
vantage— if  so  it  may  be  called— has  fallen  to 
my  lot." 

The  three  classes  of  patterers  above  enume- 
rated must  not  be  confounded.  The  two  first 
are  essentially  distinct  from  the  last — at  least 
they  do  something  for  their  living ;  and  though 
the  pattering  street- tradesmen  may  generally 
overstep  the  bounds  of  truth  in  their  glowing 
descriptions  of  the  virtues  of  the  goods  they 
sell,  still  it  should  be  remembered  they  are  no 
more  dishonest  in  their  dealings  than  the  "  en- 
terprising "  class  of  shopkeepers,  who  resort  to 
the  printed  mode  of  puffing  off  their  wares, — 
indeed  the  street- sellers  are  far  less  reprehen- 
sible than  their  more  wealthy  brother  puffers  of 
the  shops,  who  cannot  plead  want  as  an  excuse 
for  their  dishonesty.  The  recent  revelations 
made  by  the  Lancet,  as  to  the  adulteration  of  the 
articles  of  diet  sold  by  the  London  grocers, 
show  that  the  patterers  who  sell,  practise  far 
less  imposition  than  some  of  our  "  merchant 
princes." 

"A  tradesman  in  Tottenham-court  Road,  whose  ad- 
dress the  Lancet  advertises  gratis,  thus  proclaims  the 
superior  qualities  of  his  '  finest  WHITE  PEPPER.  One 
package  of  this  article,  which  it  the  interior  part  of  the 
kernel  of  the  finest  pepper,  being  equal  in  strength  to 
nearly  three  times  the  quantity  of  black  pepper  (which 
is  the  inferior,  small,  shrivelled  berries,  and  often  little 
more  than  husks),  it  will  be  not  only  the  best  but  the 
cheapest  for  every  purpose.'  This  super-excellent 
pepper,  'sold  in  packages,  price  Id..'  was  found  on 
analysis  to  consist  of  finely-ground  black  pepper,  and 
a  vary  large  quantity  of  wheat-flour." 

Indeed  the  Lancet  has  demonstrated  that  as 
regards  tea,  coffee,  arrow -root,  sugar,  and 
pepper  sold  by  "pattering"  shopkeepers,  the 
rule  invariably  is  that  those  are  articles  which 
are  the  most  puffed,  and  "  warranted  free  from 
adulteration,"  and  "  to  which  the  attention  of 
families  and  invalids  is  particularly  directed  as 
being  of  the  finest  quality  ever  imported  into 
this  country,"  are  uniformly  the  most  scanda- 
lously adulterated  of  all. 

We  should,  therefore,  remember  while  vent- 
ing our  indignation  against  pattering  street- 
sellers,  that  they  are  not  the  only  puffers  in  the 
world,  and  that  they,  at  least,  can  plead  poverty 
in  extenuation  of  their  offence ;  whereas,  it 
must  be  confessed,  that  shopkeepers  can  have 
no  other  cause  for  their  acts  but  their  own 
brutalizing  greed  of  gain. 

The  class  of  patterers  with  whom  we  have 
here  to  deal  are  those  who  patter  to  help  off 
their  goods — but  while  describing  them  it  has 
been  deemed  advisable  to  say  a  few  words,  also, 
on  the  class  who  do  nothing  but  patter,  as  a 
means  of  exciting  commiseration  to  their  as- 
sumed calamities.  These  parties,  it  should  be 
distinctly  understood,  are  in  no  way  connected 


with  the  puffing  street- sellers,  but  in  the  exag- 
gerated character  of  the  orations  they  deliver, 
they  are  mostly  professional  beggars — or  bounc- 
ers (that  is  to  say  cheats  of  the  lowest  kind), 
and  will  not  work  or  do  anything  for  theif 
living.  This,  at  least,  cannot  be  urged  against 
the  pattering  street-sellers  who,  as  was  before 
stated,  do  something  for  the  bread  they  eat. 

Further  to  show  the  extent,  and  system,  of 
the  lodging  and  routes  throughout  the  country 
of  the  class  of  "  lurkers,"  &c.,  here  described — 
as  all  resorting  to  those  places — I  got  a  patterer 
to  write  me  out  a  list,  from  his  own  knowledge, 
of  divers  routes,  and  the  extent  of  accommoda- 
tion in  the  lodging-houses.  I  give  it  according 
to  the  patterer's  own  classification. 

"  Brighton  is  a  town  where  there  is  a  great 
many  furnished  cribs,  let  to  needys  (nightly 
lodgers)  that  are  moiled  up,"  [that  is  to  say, 
associated  with  women  in  the  sleeping-rooms.] 

SURREY  AND  SUSSEX. 

Dossing  Cribs,  «  Needys, 

or  Lodging-  i  or  Nightly 

houses  K  Lodgers. 

ft  9  108 

9  8  144 

5  C  60 

2  8  32 

3  7  52 
7  6  84 


Wandsworth 
Croydon  .  , 
Reigate  . 
Cuckfield.  . 
Horsham  .  . 
Lewis  .  .  . 


Kingston       12  8 

Brighton 10  9 


192 
228 


"  Bristol. — A  few  years  back  an  old  woman 
kept  a  padding -ken  here.  She  was  a  strong 
Methodist,  but  had  a  queer  method.  There  wag 
thirty  standing  beds,  besides  make-shifts  and 
furnished  rooms,  which  were  called  '  cottages.' 
It's  not  so  bad  now.  The  place  was  well-known 
to  the  monkry,  and  you  was  reckoned  flat  if 
you  hadn't  been  there.  The  old  woman,  when  any 
female,  old  or  young,  who  had  no  tin,  came  into 
the  kitchen,  made  up  a  match  for  her  with  some 
men.  Fellows  half-drunk  had  the  old  women. 
There  was  always  a  broomstick  at  hand,  and 
they  was  both  made  to  jump  over  it,  and  that 
was  called  a  broomstick  wedding.  Without  that 
ceremony  a  couple  weren't  looked  on  as  man 
and  wife.  In  course  the  man  paid,  in  succ 
case,  for  the  dos  (bed.) 

Kensington 6  7  84 

Brentford 12  8  192 

Hounslow G  5  60 

Colebrook 2  7  20 

Windsor 7  10  140 

Maidenhead       .     -     .    .  4  5  40 

Reading 12  9  21ii 

Oxford 14  7  19(! 

Banbury 10  12  2-Jo 

Marlboro*      .    .          .     .  8  7  112 

Bath 10  8  l(i() 

Bristol 20  11  4-JO 

"  Counties  of  Kent  and  Eisex. — Here  is  the  host 
places  in  England  for  'skipper-birds;'  (parties 
that  never  go  to  lodging-houses,  but  to  barns  or 
outhouses,  sometimes  without  a  blanket.)  The 
Kent  farmers  permit  it  to  their  own  travellers, 
or  the  travellers  they  know.  In  Essex  it 's  dif- 
ferent There  a  farmer  will  give  Is.  rather  thai 
let  a  traveller  sleep  on  his  premises,  for  fear 


LONDON  LABOUB  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


S37 


ONCAROOT 

le 

CERTAIN LU RE  FOR. 


DOCTOR  DOKANKY,  THE  STREET  HERBALIST. 

from  a 


th*n  for  the  K»llbonc«  Root.  to»t  wm  brought  ftwm  MadrM  In  th«  E«it  Imllm.     it'll  cur*  tn«  tootharbc. 
•wkrhe.  ghldlaaM  In  UM  he«d.  dlmnM  of  tight.  rtMOBuUos  In  the  b*-«d.  and  U  highly  recommended  for  the  a*u<>  ; 
«»«r  known  to  full  ;  uid  !>•  told  it  for  this  »U  and  twenty  jear.     From  one  ptnny  to  tlxpenee  tb«  packet      I  lit 
.cle  lo  Eofflaad." 

o.  22.  * 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  robbery.  '  Keyhole  whistlers,'  the  skipper- 
birds  are  sometimes  called,  but  they're  regular 
travellers.  Kent's  the  first  county  in  England 
for  them.  They  start  early  to  good  houses  for 
victuals,  when  gentlefolk  are  not  up.  I've  seen 
them  doze  and  sleep  against  the  door.  They 
like  to  be  there  before  any  one  cuts  their  cart 
(exposes  their  tricks).  Travellers  are  all  early 
It 's  good  morning  in  the  country  when 
it 's  good  night  in  town. 

KENT. 
Dossing  Cribs, 
or  Lodging- 
bouses 

Deptford 18 

Greenwich 6 

Woolwich 9 

Gravesend 6 

Chatham        20 

Maidstone 5 

Sittingbourne    .... 

Sheerness 4 

Faversham 3 

Canterbury 11 

Dover 12 

Ramsgate 4 

Margate 6 

ESSEX. 

Stratford 10 

Iltord 3 

.    Barking 4 

Billericay 5 

Orsett 2 

Kayleigh 3 

Rochford       S 

Leigh 4 

ywell 2 

hend       3 

Maldon 5 

Witham 4 

Colchester 15 

•'  Windsor. — At  Ascot   race -time  I've   paid 
many  l.t.  just  to  sit  up  all  night 

r. — Life  in  London  at  the  Bugle; 
called  '  Hell  upon  earth  '  sometimes. 


« 

Needys, 

3     or  Nightly 
W      Lodgers. 

9 

fcft 

8 

26 

8 

144 

7 

84 

10 

400 

7 

70 

6 

36 

5 

40 

5 

30 

8 

176 

9 

216 

5 

40 

6 

72 

9 

180 

7 

52 

6 

48 

7 

70 

8 

32 

9 

54 

8 

48 

8 

64 

7 

28 

8 

48 

9 

90 

8 

64 

10 

300 

Watford 

6            8           90 

1  Hcmpstead 

.     .         3            5            30 

Uxbridge       .     .     . 

C            7            84 

2            8            24 

•  ible     .    .    . 

.     .        6            5            60 

Stratford 

.     .         3             6             36 

Northampton     .     . 

.     .       13             9           234 

Towcester 

4            7            56 

5            9            90 

rv 

16            9          288 

;ham       .     . 

.     .       50          11         lino 

TS  AND  nEDFOUDSHM1 

Fdmontop 

14            7           1% 

am-  Abbey     . 

2            7            28 

3            8            48 

9            9          162 

7           10           HO 

| 

20 

.     . 

3 
4           1 

4S 
40 

7 

1  ?'•. 

r, 

9t 

.     .         9 

116 

Vin'n 

90 

SUFFOLK 

AND  N< 

. 

Ip«wir 

Hatetod    .        .    . 

24 
fl 

m 

112 
60 

-'-  i 

4 

M 

WoodbrMf*       .     . 

.      .          ft 

to 

flBdbur/    i 

1 

50 

Dossing  Cribs,  d  Noedyj. 

or  Lodging  "S  or  Night\j 

houses  t°  Lodgers. 

Bury  St.  Edmund's    .    .        8  8  128 

Thetford S  6  86 

Attleboro' 2  8  20 

Wymondham     ....        1  11  22 

Norwich 40  9  720 

Yarmouth 16  8  256 

OF    THE    "SCREEVERS,"    OR    WRITERS    OF 

BEGGING-LETTERS  AND  PETITIONS. 
"  SCREEVING" — that  is  to  say,  writing  false  or 
exaggerated  accounts  of  afflictions  and  privations 
is  a  necessary  corollary  to  "  Pattering,"  or  making 
pompous  orations  in  public — and  I  here  sub- 
join a  brief  description  of  the  "  business  " — for 
although  the  "  screevers,"  "  economically  "  con- 
sidered, belong  properly  to  the  class  who  will  not 
work,  yet  as  they  are  intimately  connected  with 
the  street-trade  of  begging  I  have  thought 
it  best  to  say  a  few  words  on  the  subject 
here,  reserving  a  more  comprehensive  and 
scientific  view  of  the  subject  till  such  time  as 
I  come  to  treat  of  the  professional  beggar,  under 
the  head  of  those  who  are  able  but  unwilling  to 
labour  for  their  livelihood,  in  contradistinction 
to  the  involuntary  beggars,  who  belong  more 
properly  to  those  who  are  willing  but  unable  to 
work.  The  subjoined  information  has  been 
obtained  from  one  who  has  had  many  oppor- 
tunities of  making  himself  acquainted  with  the 
habits  and  tricks  of  the  class  here  treated  of, — 
indeed,  at  one  part  of  his  life  he  himself  belonged 
to  the  "  profession," 

"  In  England  and  Wales  the  number  of 
vagrants  committed  to  prison  annually  amounts 
to  19,621  ;  and  as  many  are  not  imprisoned 
more  than  a  dozen  times  during  their  lives,  and 
a  few  never  at  all,  the  number  of  tramps  and 
beggars  may  be  estimated,  at  the  v«ry  lowest, 
at  22,000  throughout  England  and  Wales.  Tin- 
returns  from  Scotland  are  indeterminate.  Ot 
this  wretched  class  many  are  aged  and  infirm  ; 
others  are  destitute  orphans;  while  not  a  feu  are 
persons  whose  distress  is  real,  and  who  sulHr 
from  temporary  causes. 

"  With  this  excusable  class,  however,  I  have 
not  now  to  do.  Of  professional  hcpyars  then* 
are  two  kinds — those  who  'do  it  on  the  blob' 
(by  word  of  mouth),  and  those  who  do  it  hy 
1  screevitig,'  that  is.  hy  petitions  and  letters, 
setting  lorth  imaginary  cases  of  di;f 

"Of  these  documents  there  are  two  sorts, 
'slums'  (letters)  and  '  fakeinents'  (petitions). 
These  are  seldom  written  hy  the  persons  who 
present  or  send  them,  but  are  tin-  production 
of  a  class  of  whom  the  public  little  imagine 
cither  the  number  or  turpitude.  I  mean  tho 

iig-lettcr  writers.' 
•  .ons  who  write  hc^pinjr-lcttcrs  for  others 

Mom.    beg    them 
They  arc   in   many  cases  well   supported   by  the 

•ty  f<>r  whom   they  writ. 
of  this  kind  is  called   by  the  'eai!: 

;-y  as  mud- 
iicakinjr   they  liav-j 

I  been  clerks,  teachers,  sh  rcntle- 

Z  ii 


340 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


men,  or  the  illegitimate  sons  of  members  of 
the  aristocracy  ;  while  others,  after  having  re-, 
ceived  a  liberal  education,  have  broken  away 
from  parental  control,  and  commenced  the  '  pro- 
fession' in  early  life,  and  will  probably  pursue 
it  to  their  graves. 

"  I  shall  take  a  cursory  view  of  the  various 
pretences  set  forth  in  these  begging  docu- 
ments," says  my  informant,  "  and  describe 
some  of  the  scenes  connected  with  their  pre- 
paration. The  documents  themselves  are 
mournful  catalogues  of  all  the  ills  that  flesh  is 
heir  to. 

"  I  address  myself  first  to  that  class  of  peti- 
tions which  represent  losses  by  sea,  or  perhaps 
shipwreck  itself.  These  documents  are  very 
seldom  carried  by  one  person,  unless  indeed  he 
is  really  an  old  sailer ;  and,  to  the  credit  of  the 
navy  be  it  spoken,  this  is  very  seldom  the  case. 
When  the  imposition  under  notice  has  to  be 
carried  out,  it  is,  for  the  most  part,  conducted 
by  half-a-dozen  worthless  men,  dressed  in  the 
garb  of  seamen  (and  known  as  turnpike  sailors), 
one  of  their  number  having  really  been  at  sea 
and  therefore  able  to  reply  to  any  nautical 
inquiries  which  suspicion  may  throw  out. 
This  person  mostly  carries  the  document ;  and 
is,  of  course,  the  spokesman  of  the  company. 
Generally  speaking,  the  gang  have  a  subscrip- 
tion-book, sometimes  only  a  fly-leaf  or  two  to 
the  document,  to  receive  the  names  of  con- 
tributors. 

"  It  may  not  be  out  of  place  here,  to  give  a 
specimen — drawn  from  memory— of  one  of  those 
specious  but  deceitful  '  fakements '  upon  which 
the  '  swells,'  (especially  those  who  have  '  been 
in  the  service,')  'come  down  with  a  couter' 
(sovereign)  if  they  '  granny  the  mauley  '  (per- 
ceive the  signature)  of  a  brother  officer  or 
friend.  The  document  is  generally  as  follows — 

"  '  &I)f BP  at*  to  ©frtt'fp,  to  all  whom  it  may 
concern,  that  the  THUNDERER,  Captain  John- 
son, was  returning  on  her  homeward-bound 
passage  from  China,  laden  with  tea,  fruit,  &c., 
and  having  beside,  twenty  passengers,  chiefly 
*adies,  and  a  crew  of  thirty  hands,  exclusive  of 
the  captain  and  other  officers.  That  the  said 
vessel  encountered  a  tremendous  gale  off  the 
banks  of  Newfoundland,  and  was  dismasted,  and 
finally  wrecked  at  midnight  on '  (such  a  day, 
including  the  hour,  latitude,  and  other  parti- 
culars). '  That  the  above-named  vessel  speedily 
foundered,  and  only  the  second  mate  and  four 
of  the  crew  (the  bearers  of  this  certificate) 
escaped  a  watery  grave.  These,  after  floating 
several  days  on  broken  pieces  of  the  ship,  were 
providentially  discovered,  and  humanely  picked 
up  by  the  brig  INVINCIBLE,  Captain  Smith, 
and  landed  in  this  town  and  harbour  of  Ports- 
mouth, in  the  county  of  Hants.  That  we,  the 
Master  of  Customs,  and  two  of  her  Majesty's 
Justices  of  the  Peace  for  the  said  harbour  and 
county,  do  hereby  grant  and  afford  to  the  said ' 
(here  follows  the  names  of  the  unfortunate 
mftriners)  '  this  our  vouchment  of  the  truth 
of  the  said  wreck,  and  their  connection  there- 


with, and  do  empower  them  to  present  and  UM 
this  certificate  for  twenty-eight  days  from  the 
date  hereof,  to  enable  them  to  get  such  tem- 
poral aid  as  may  be  adequate  to  reaching  their 
respective  homes,  or  any  sea-poit  where  they 
may  be  re-engaged.  And  this  certificate  further 
showeth,  that  they  are  not  to  be  interrupted  in 
the  said  journey  by  any  constabulary  or  other 
official  authority ;  provided,  that  is  to  say,  that 
no  breach  of  the  peace  or  other  cognizable 
offence  be  committed  by  the  said  Petitioners, 

'  As  witness  our  hands, 
John  Harris,  M.C.      ...£100 

James  Flood,  J.P 100 

Capt.  W.  Hope,  R.N.,  J.P. .     110     0 
'  Given  at  Portsmouth,  this  10th  dav  of  Octo- 
ber, 1850. 

'  GOD  SAVE  THE  QUEEN.' 


Rev.  W.  Wilkinx  . 
An  Officer's  Widow 
An  Old  Sailor  .  . 
A  Friend 


.£100 
.  0  10  0 
.050 
.026' 


"  I  have  already  hinted  at  the  character  and 
description  of  fhe  persons  by  whom  these 
forgeries  are  framed.  It  would  seem,  from 
the  example  given,  that  such  documents  are 
available  in  every  sea-port  or  other  conside- 
rable town ;  but  this  is  not  the  case.  It  is 
true  that  certain  kinds  of  documents,  especially 
sham  hawkers'  licenses,  may  be  had  in  the 
provinces,  at  prices  suited  to  the  importance 
of  their  contents,  or  to  the  probable  gains  of 
their  circulation  ;  but  all  the  '  regular  bang-up 
fakes'  are  manufactured  in  the  '  Start'  (metro- 
polis), and  sent  into  the  country  to  order,  care- 
fully packed  up,  and  free  from  observation. 
The  following  note,  sent  to  '  Carotty  Poll,  at 
Mrs.  Finder's  Login-ouse  facin  the  orse  and 
trumpet  here  shop  han  street  Westminster  Lon- 
don with  spede,'  may  tend  to  illuminate  the 
uninitiated  as  to  how  such  '  fakements '  are 
obtained : 

'  Dere  pol— I  ope  this  will  find  yu  an  george  in 
good  helth  and  spirits— things  is  very  bad  ere,  yure 
sister  Lizer  has  been  konfined  an  got  a  fine  strappin 
boye.  they  was  very  bad  off  wen  it  happend.  they  say 
in  mi  country  it  never  ranes  but  it  pores  and  so  it  was 
pol,  for  mi  William  as  got  a  month  along  with  Cockny 
Harry  for  a  glim  lurk  and  they  kum  out  nex  Mundie 
and  i  av  porned  my  new  shift  and  every  indivigual 
thing  to  get  them  a  brekfust  and  a  drop  a  rum  the 


mornin  they  kums  out.    They  wont  hav  no  paper  to 

Tayler 
Tom  lent  me  a  shillin  wish  I  send  inklosed  and  yu 


work  and  I  dont  know  what  they   will  do. 


must  porn  sumthing  for  anuther  shilling  and  get  Joe 
the  Loryer  to  rite  a  fake  for  William  not  a  glim  '  (loss 
by  fire)  '  but  a  brake  say  as  e  ad  a  hors  fell  downe  with 
the  mad  staggurs  an  broke  all  is  plates  and  dishes  an 
we  are  starvin  you  can  sa  that  the  children  is  got  th« 
mesuls— they  av  ben  ill  thats  no  lie — an  we  want  to  ras« 
a  little  munney  to  git  anuther  hanimul  to  dror  the  kart 
put  a  fu  monekurs'  (names)  •  tu  it  and  make  it  durty 
and  date  it  sum  time  bak  do  not  neglect  and  dont  fait 
to  pay  the  post  no  more  at  preasant  from  yure  luvin 

sister  Jane  N at  Mister  John  H the  Sweep  - 

nex  dore  to  the  five  Bels  grinstcd  Colchester  Essex, 
good  by.' 

"  The   person  from  whom   the   above   lettei 
was  obtained,  was  in  the  lodging-  houM  whan  if 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


341 


arrived,  and  had  it  given  him  to  read  and 
retain  for  reference.  Lawyer  Joe  was  soon 
sent  for ;  and  the  following  is  an  outline  of  the 
scene  that  occurred,  given  in  my  informant's 
own  words  : 

"  I  had  called  at  the  house  whither  the 
above  letter  had  been  addressed,  to  inquire 
for  a  man  whom  I  had  known  in  his  and  my 
own  better  days.  The  kitchen-door,  or  rather 
cellar-door,  was  thrust  open,  and  in  came  Car- 
rotty  Poll  herself. 

'•  '  Well,  Poll,'  asked  the  deputy,  '  how  does 
the  world  use  you  ?  ' 

"  •  B —  bad,'  was  the  reply,  '  where' s  Lawyer 
Joe?' 

"  '  Oh,  he's  just  gone  to  Mother  Linstead's 
for  some  tea  and  sugar ;  here  he  comes.' 

"  '  Joe,  I've  a  job  for  yeu.  How  much  do 
you  charge  for  screeving  a  "  brake  ?"  ' 

"  '  Oh,  half  a  bull  (half-a-crown).' 

"  '  No,  I'll  give  you  a  deuce  o'  deeners  (two 
shillings),  co's  don't  ye  see  the  poor  b —  is  in 
"  stir  "  (prison).' 

"  '  Well,  well,  I  shan't  stand  for  a  tanner. 
Have  you  got  paper  ? ' 

"  '  Yes,  and  a  Queen's  head,  and  all.' 

"  The  pen  and  ink  were  found,  a  corner  of 
the  table  cleared,  and  operations  commenced. 

'  '  He  writes  a  good  hand,'  exclaimed  one, 
as  the  screever  wrote  the  petition. 

"  '  I  wish  I  could  do  it,'  said  another. 
1  '  If  you  could,  you'd  soon  be  transported,' 
said  a  third  ;  while  the  whole  kitchen  in  one 
chorus,  immediately  on  its  completion,  pro- 
claimed, that  it  was  d — d  well  done,  adding  to 
that,  not  one  '  swell '  in  a  score  would  view  it 
in  any  other  light  than  a  '  ream '  (genuine) 
concern. 

"  Lawyer  Joe  was  up  to  his  trade — he  folded 
the  paper  in  official  style — creased  it  as  il  it 
was  long  written  and  often  examined,  attached 
the  signatures  of  the  minister  and  churchwar- 
dens, and  dipping  his  fingers  under  the  fire- 
place, smeared  it  with  ashes,  and  made  the 
whole  the  best  representation  of  a  true  account 
of '  a  horse  in  the  mad  staggers  '  and  '  a  child 
ui  the  measles  '  that  could  be  desired  by  the 
oldest  and  best  cadger  on  the  monkry. 

"  These  professional  writers  are  in  possession 
of  many  autographs  of  charitable  persons,  and 
as  they  keep  a  dozen  or  more  bottles  of  different 
of  mk,  and  seldom  write  two  documents 
on  exactly  the  same  sort  of  paper,  it  is  dillicult 
to  detect  the  imposition.  A  famous  linker  who 
has  been  previously  alluded  to  in  this  work, 
was  once  taken  before  a  magistrate  at  York 
whose  own  signature  was  attached  to  h's  fake- 
inent.  was  excellent,  and  the 

lurker'   swore  hard    .  the  worthy- 

chat  he  (the  justice)  did  write   it   in  hi's 
own  saddle-room,  as  he  was  preparing  to  ride, 

^hillings,  too.    The  el!:' 
i  mess  of  the  prisoner's  statement  gained 
him  hi-  discharge ! 

.  not  uncommon  in  extensive  district* — 
ur,  for  i  stance,  a  section  of  a  county  taking 


in  ten  or  a  dozen  townships — for  a  school  of 
lurkers  to  keep  a  secretary  and  remit  his  work 
and  his  pay  at  the  same  time.  In  London  this 
functionary  is  ^vnerally  paid  by  commission, 
and  sometimes  tartly  in  food,  beer,  and  tobacco. 
The  following  is  a  fair  estimate  of  the  scale  of 
charges : 

t.    d. 

Friendly  letter 06 

Long  ditto 09 

Petition 10 

Ditto,    with     ream    monekurs 

(genuine  signatures)    ...     1     6 
Ditto,  with  gammy  monekurs 

(forged  names) 26' 

Very  "  heavy  "  (dangerous)    .     8     0 
Manuscript  for  a  broken  down 

author 10    0 

Part  of  a  play  for  ditto   ...     7     6 
"  To  this  I  may  add  the  prices  of  other  arti- 
cles in  the  begging  line. 

Loan  of  one  child,  without  grub   0     9 

Two  ditto 10 

Ditto,  with  grub  and  Godfrey's 

Cordial 09 

If  out  after  twelve  at  night,  for 

each  child,  extra     ....     0     2 
For  a  school  of  children,  say 

half-a-dozen 26 

Loan  of  any  garment,  per  day      0     2 
Going  as  a  pal  to  vindicate  any 

statement 10 

"  Such  is  an  outline,  open  to  circumstantial 
rariation,  of  the  pay  received  for  the  sort  of 
accommodation  required. 

"  There  is  a  very  important  species  of '  lurking' 
or  '  screeving,'  which  has  not  yet  been  alluded 
to. 

"  It  is  well-known  that  in  the  colliery  district* 
an  explosion  of  fire-damp  frequently  takes  place, 
when  many  lives  are  lost,  and  the  men  who 
escape  are  often  so  wounded  as  to  render  ampu- 
tation of  a  leg  or  arm  the  only  probable  means 
of  saving  them  from  the  grave.  Of  course  the 
accident,  with  every  particular  as  to  date  and 
locality,  goes  the  round  of  the  newspapers.  Such 
an  event  is  a  sort  of  God- send  to  the  begging- 
letter  writer.  If  he  is  anything  of  a  draughts- 
man, so  much  the  better.  He  then  procures  a 
sheet  or  vellum,  and  heads  it  with  a  picture  of 
an  explosion,  and  exhibiting  men,  boys,  and 
ip  in  the  air,  and  a  lew  nearer  the  ground, 
minus  a  head,  a  leg,  or  an  arm  ;  with  a  back- 
ground of  women  tearing  their  hair,  and  .1  few 
little  irirls  crying.  Such  a  '  fakement,'  pro- 
fessionally filled  up  and  put  into  the  hands  ot 
an  experienced  lurker,  will  bring  ihe'amanu- 
.'  two  guineas  at  least,  and 
the  proceeds  of  such  an  expedition  have  in  many 
eases  averaged  <•()/.  per  week.  The  lurker  pre- 
senting this  would  have  to  take  with  him  three 
or  four  countryni'  n.  dn -s  i  d  in  tlu-  garb  ol  col- 
10  at  least  knowing  something  of  under- 
ground work.  These  he  would  engine  at '  a  bob 
a  nob'  (one  shilling  each),  and  if  lie  made  * 


542 


LONDON  LABOUR 


THE  LONDON  POOR. 


good  day  give  them  a  ' toothful  o'  rum'  beside. 
As  such  men  are  always  !e.  outside  the  jigger 
(door)  of  the  houses,  they  are  of  course  ignorant 
of  the  state  of  the  subseription-lisi. 

"  A  famous  lurker,  to  whom  we  have  pre- 
viously referred,  Nicholas  A ,  kept '  a  man 

of  business'  to  himself,  and  gave  him  from  5*. 
to  10*.  6d.  per  day.  Nicholas,  who  was  tolerably 
educated,  could  write  very  well,  but  as  his 
'  secretary'  could  imitate  twelve  different  hands, 
he  was  af  course  no  trifling  acquisition. 

"It  would  not  be  easy  to  trace  the  history  of 
all,  or  even  many  of  the  men,  who  pursue  the 
begging  -  letter  trade  as  professional  writers. 
Many  of  the  vagrant  tribe  write  their  own  let- 
ters, but  the  vast  majority  are  obliged  to  have 
assistance.  Of  course,  they  are  sometimes  de- 
tected by  the  fact  that  their  conversation  does 
not  tally  with  the  rhetorical  statement  of  the 
petition.  The  few  really  deserving  persons,  well- 
born and  highly  educated,  who  subsist  by  beg- 
ging, are  very  retired  and  cautious  in  their 
appeals.  They  write  concisely,  and  their  state- 
ments are  generally  true  to  a  certain  extent,  or 
perhaps  rigidly  so  in  relation  to  an  earlier  part 
of  their  history.  These  seldom  live  in  the  very 
common  lodging-houses. 

"  The  most  renowned  of  the  tribe  who  write  for 
others,  and  whose  general  trade  lies  in  forged 
certificates  of  bankruptcy,  seizure  of  goods  for 
n-iit,  and  medical  testimonies  to  infirmity,  is  an 
Irishman,  brought  up  in  London,  and  who  may 
be  seen  almost  every  night  at  the  bar  of  a  cer- 
tain public-house  in  Drury-lane.  He  lives,  or 
did  live,  at  one  of  the  model  lodging-houses. 
Very  few  persons  know  his  occupation.  They 
suppose  that  he  is  '  connected  with  the  press.' 
Several  years  ago  this  person,  says  one  who 
knew  this  trade  well,  was  '  regularly  hard  up,' 
and  made  a  tender  of  his  services  to  a  distin- 
guished M.P.,  who  took  a  lively  interest  in  the 
(.-mancipation  of  the  Jews.  He  offered  to  visit 
the  provinces,  hold  meetings,  and  get  up  peti- 
tions. The  hon.  member  tested  his  abilities, 
and  gave  him  clothes  and  a  ten-pound  note  to 
commence  operations.  '  I  saw  him  '  (says  my 
informant)  '  the  same  night,  and  he  mooted  the 
subject  to  me  over  a  glass  of  whiskey-punch. 
'  Not  that  7  care  (said  he)  if  all  the  b— y  Jews 
were  in  h — 11,  but  I  must  do  something.' 

"  '  But  how,'  asked  my  informant,  '  will  you 
get  up  the  meetings  ? — and  then  the  signatures, 
you  know ! ' 

"'Meetings!'  was  the  reply,  'don't  men- 
tion  it ;  I  can  get  millions  of  signatures!' 

"  The  pretended  Jewish  Advocate  never  left 
London.  He  got  (from  Ireland)  a  box  of  old 
documents  relative  to  bygone  petitions  for 
repeal,  &c.,  and  on  these  he  put  a  frontispiece 
suited  to  his  purpose  —  got  them  sent  to 
liath  and  Bristol,  and  thence  transmitted  to  his 
employer — who  praised  his  perseverance,  and 
scut  more  money  to  the  post-office  of  one  of 
the  above-named  towns  ;  this  was  counter- 
manded to  London,  and  jovially  spent  at  '  Tom 
Spring' s'  in  Holborn. 


"  Hitherto  the  movements  of  the  begging-  letter 
writer — self-considered — have  been  chiefly  dwelt 
upon.  There  is  another  class  of  the  fraternity, 
however,  of  whom  some  notice  must  here  be 
taken  ;  viz.,  those,  who  to  meet  cases  of  great 
pretension,  and  consequent  misgivings  on  thi 
part  of  the  noblemen  or  gentry  to  whom  fake- 
ments  are  presented,  become  referees  to  profes- 
sional beggars.  These  referees  are  kept  by 
local  '  schools '  of  beggars  in  well-furnished 
apartments  at  respectable  houses,  and  well 
dressed;  their  allowance  varies  from  11.  to  3/. 
per  week. 

"  But  the  most  expert  and  least  suspected 
dodge  is  referring  to  some  dignified  person  in 
the  country ;  a  person  however  who  exists 
nowhere  but  in  imagination.  Suppose  (says 
my  informant)  I  am  a  beggar,  I  apply  to  you 
for  relief.  Perhaps  I  state  that  I  am  in  pros- 
pect of  lucrative  employment,  if  I  could  get 
enough  money  to  clothe  myself.  You  plead 
the  number  of  impositions;  I  consent  to  that 
fact,  but  offer  you  references  as  to  the  truth  of 
my  statement  I  refer  you  to  the  Hon.  and 
Rev.  Mr.  Erskine,  at  Cheltenham  (any  name 
or  place  will  do).  You  promise  to  write,  and 
tell  me  to  call  in  a  few  days;  meanwhile,  I 
assume  the  name  of  the  gentleman  to  whom  I 
have  referred  you,  and  write  forthwith  to  the 
post-master  of  the  town  in  question,  requesting 
that  any  letter  coming  there  directed  to  the 
Hon.  and  Rev.  Mr.  Erskine,  may  be  forwarded 
to  my  present  address.  I  thus  discover  what 
you  have  written,  frame  a  flattering  reply, 
and  address  it  to  you.  I  send  it  (under  cover) 
to  a  pal  of  mine  at  Cheltenham,  or  elsewhere, 
who  posts  it;  I  call  half  an  hour  after  you 
receive  it,  and,  being  satisfied,  you  give  me  a 
donation,  and  perhaps  introduce  me  to  some  of 
your  friends.  Thus  I  raise  a  handsome  sum, 
and  the  fraud  is  probably  never  found  out. 

"  One  of  the  London  lurkers,  who  has  good 
means  of  forming  a  calculation  on  the  sub- 
ject, assures  me  that  the  average  earnings  of 
'lurkers'  in  London  alone  (including  those 
who  write  for  them),  cannot  be  less  than  6,000/. 
per  annum. 

"  Two  of  the  class  were  lately  apprehended, 
at  the  instance  of  the  Duke  of  Wellington  ;  on 
their  persons  was  found  fifteen  sovereigns,  one 
five-pound  note,  a  silver  watch  with  gold 
guard,  and  two  gold  watches  with  a  ribbon 
attached  to  each  ;  their  subscription  •  book 
showed  that  they  had  collected  620/.  during 
the  current  year. 

"  A  man  named  M'Kensie — who  was  trans- 
ported at  the  last  Bristol  Assizes  — had  just 
received  a  cheque  for  1001.  from  a  nobleman 
lately  deceased. 

"  Most  of  the  '  professionals '  of  this  class  in- 
clude a  copy  of  the  '  Court  Guide  '  among 
their  stock  in  trade.  In  this  all  the  persons 
known  to  be  charitable,  have  the  mark  ©  set 
against  their  names.  I  have  been  furnished 
with  a  list  of  such  persons,  accompanied  with 
ccinments,  from  t  ie  note-book  of  '  an  oW 


LONDON  LJBOURAXD  THE  LONDON  I'OOIL 


atager  *  '  ti.irty  years  on  the  monkery,'  and,  as 
he  adds,  '  never  quodded  but  twice.' 
"  The  late  Queen  Dowager. 
Hon.  "VVm.  Ashley. 
The  Bishop  of  Norwich. 
Serjeant  Talfourd. 
Charles  Dickins. 
Samuel  Rogers,  the  Poet 
Samuel  Warren  (Author  of  '  Extracts  from 
the  Diary  of  a  Physician). 

Hon.  G.  C.  Norton,  the  '  beak  '  (magistrate), 
but  good  for  all  that. 

Rev.  E.  Holland,  Hyde-  park  -gardens. 

The  late  Sir  Robert  Peel. 

Countess  of  Essex  (only  good  to  sickness,  or 

-.>ed  authorship). 

Marquess  of  Bredalbane  (good  on  anything 
religious). 

The  Editor  of  the  «  Sun.' 
Madame  Celeste. 
Marquess  of  Blandford. 
Duke  of  Portland. 
Duke  of  Devonshire. 

Lord  George  Bentinck  (deceased  ;  God 
A'mighty  wouldn't  let  him  live;  he  was  too 
good  lor  this  world.) 

i  Skelmersdale. 
Lord  John  Manners. 
Lord  Lyttleton. 
Mrs.   Elder,   Exeter. 

Lady  Emily  Ponsonby  (a  devilish  pretty 
wench). 

Murdett  Coutts. 
1  .  Stewart,  K-q.,  Hath. 
Mrs.  (irov.  s.  Salisbury. 
Mitchell,  Dor  charter. 

rt,  Bayswater  (her  husband  is  a 
I'nitarian  minister,  not  so  good  as  .vAc,  but  he'll 
stand  a  '  bob  '  if  you  look  straight  at  him  and 
keep  to  one  story.) 

Archdeacon  Sinclair,  at  Kensington  (but  not 
so  good  as  Archdeacon  Pott,  as  was  there  afore 
/.«  a  good  man  ;  lie  couldn't  re-fuse 
a  dog,  much  more  a  Christian  ;  but  he  had  a 
butler,  a  regular  '  knark,'  who  was  a  b  —  and 
a  half,  ftw><{  weight,) 

used  to  be  good,  but  she  is 
(spoilt)   now,    without    you   has   a 
'   any  one   as   she  knows,  and  then  she 
won't  stand  above  a  '  bull  '  (five  shillings)." 

.111;    PuoisAisi.r.    MI.ANS  or   III.  FORM- 
ATI 


ule  this  account  of  t 
.urkers,  and  screcvern,  with 
from  tin    pen  of  one  who  lias  had  ample 
means  of  judging  as  \»  •  several 

:.ition  for  •  tion  or 

•  of  the  clan. 
looking  over  the  mini1 

r-on  alluded  to,  "  d<-sie 
and  in  -v,  we  are,  an 

.  ' 

•     .,  .  • 


most  prorairent,  with  their  genera,'    character- 
istics. 

"The  churches,  on  many  considerations — 
personal  feelings  being  the  smallest,  but  nui 
unknown— demand  attention  first  I  must  treat 
this  subject  (for  your  work  is  not  a  theolo- 
gical magazine)  without  respect  to  doctrine, 
principle,  or  legislation. 

"The  object  of  erecting  churches  in  poor 
neighbourhoods  is  to  be  icfit  the  poor ;  why  is  it, 
then,  that  the  instruction  communicated  should 
exercise  so  little  influence  upon  the  vicious,  the 
destitute,  and  the  outcast  ?  Is  it  that  Christian 
ordinances  are  less  adapted  to  them  than  to 
others?  Or,  rather,  is  it  not  that  the  public 
institutions  of  the  c'tergy  are  not  made  intcrcxt- 
ing  to  the  wretched  community  in  question  ? 
The  great  hindrance  (in  my  opinion)  to  the  pro- 
gress of  religion  among  the  unsettled  classes 
is,  that  having  been  occasionally  to  church  or 
chapel,  and  heard  nothing  but  doctrinal  lectures 
or  feverish  mental  effusions,  they  cannot  see  the 
application  of  these  to  every-day  trade  and  prac- 
tice ;  and  so  they  arrive  at  the  conclusion,  that 
they  can  get  as  much  or  more  good  at  home. 

"  Our  preachers  seem  to  be  afraid  of  ascer- 
taining the  sentiments,  feelings,  and  habits  of 
the  more  wretched  part  of  the  population  ;  and, 
without  this,  their  words  will  die  away  upon  the 
wind,  and  no  practical  echo  answer  their  ad- 
dresses. 

"  It  will,  perhaps,  relieve  the  monotony  of 
this  statement  if  I  give  an  illustration  commu- 
nicated to  me  by  a  person  well  qualified  to  de- 
termine the  merits  of  the  question. 

"  Your  readers  will  probably  recollect  the 
opposition  experienced  by  Dr.  Hampden  on 
his  promotion  to  the  bishopric  of  Hereford. 
Shortly  after  the  affair  was  settled,  his  lord- 
ship accented  an  invitation  to  preach  on  behalf 
of  the  schools  connected  with  the  '  ten  new 
churches'  of  Bcthnal-green.  The  church  se- 
lected for  the  purpose  was  the  one  on  Friar' s- 
inount  It  was  one  July  Sunday  in  18-HI,  and, 
as  I  well  remember,  the  morning  was  very  \sct  ; 
but,  supposing  the  curiosity,  or  better  motives, 
of  tlie  public  would  induce  a  large  congregation, 
I  went  to  the  church  at  half--]). is!  ten.  Tl 
seats  occupying  the  middle  aisle  were  all  filled, 
anil  chiefly  with  persons  of  the-  lowest  and  wors* 
classes,  many  of  whom  I  personally  knew,  and 
was  agreeably  surprised  to  find  them  in  MU-! 

a  place. 

"I  sat  in   the   midst  of  the   group,  and  at  the 

elbow  of  a  tall  attenuated  begjj;ir,  known  by  the 

:        ter,'  of  v.hom   it  is  but 

to    sav    that    he    repeated    the    responsive 

parts  of  the  n  etly.       It   is    tine 

lie   could    not    read  ;    1ml   having    '  larned 

in  the  '  Downs'  (Tothill-lields  prison). 
•vays  Bed  'em,  night  and   morning,  if  li-: 
wasn't  drunk,  and   then   he   sed   'em   lii-i 
day,  'cos,'   rrn-oned  |H  ,  '  1  likes  to  rub  off  as  I 
goes  on.' 

"  In  .    the    bishop    made    his 

•pptarance   in   the  "pulpit.       His   subject   WM 


344 


T.ONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE 


POOR. 


neglected  education,  and  he  illustrated  it  from 
the  history  of  Eli. 

"  I  thought  proper  to  hang  back,  and  observe 
the  group  as  they  passed  out  of  church.  There 
was  Tailor  Tom,  and  Brummagem  Dick,  and 
Keate-street  Nancy,  and  Davy  the  Duke,  and 
Stationer  George,  and  at  least  two  dozen  more, 
most  of  whom  were  miserably  clad,  and  several 
apparently  without  a  shirt  They  were  not, 
however,  without  halfpence ;  and  as  I  was  well 
known  to  several  of  the  party,  and  flattered  as 
being  '  a  very  knowledgeable  man,'  I  was  in- 
vited to  the  Cat  and  Bagpipes  afterwards,  to 
'  have  share  of  what  was  going.' 

"  I  was  anxious,"  continues  my  informant, 
"  to  learn  from  my  companions  their  opinion  of 
the  right  reverend  prelate.  They  thought,  to 
use  their  own  words,  '  he  was  a  jolly  old  brick.' 
But  did  they  think  he  was  sound  in  opinion 
about  the  Trinity,  or  was  he  (as  alleged)  a 
Unitarian?  They  did  not  even  understand 
the  meaning  of  these  words.  All  they  did 
understand  was,  that  '  a  top- sawyer  parson  at 
Oxford,  called  Dr.  Pussy,'  had  '  made  himself 
disagreeable,'  and  that  some  of  the  bishops 
and  nobility  had  '  jined  him ;'  that  these  had 
persecuted  Dr.  Hampden,  because  he  was 
'  more  cleverer'  than  themselves ;  and  that  Lord 
John  Russell,  who,  generally  speaking,  was  '  a 
regular  muff,'  had  '  acted  like  a  man '  in  this 
instance,  and  'he  ought  to  be  commended  for 
it;  and,'  added  the  man  who  pronounced  the 
above  sentiment,  'it's  just  a  picture  of  ourselves.' 
To  other  ears  than  mine,  the  closing  remark 
would  have  appeared  impertinent,  but  I  '  tum- 
bled to'  it  immediately.  It  was  a  case  of  oppres- 
sion ;  and  whether  the  oppressors  belonged  to 
Oxford  University  or  to  Scotland-yard  militated 
nothing  against  the  aphorism;  'it's  just  a  pic- 
ture of  ourselves ! ' 

"  It  seems  to  me  that  these  poor  creatures  un- 
derstood the  circumstances  better  than  they  did 
the  sermon ;  and  my  inference  is,  that  whether 
from  the  parochial  pulpit,  or  the  missionary  ex- 
hortation, or  in  the  printed  form  of  a  tract,  those 
*rho  wish  to  produce  a  practical  effect  must 
themselves  be  practical  men.  I,  who  have 
been  in  the  Christian  ministry,  and  am  familiar, 
unhappily,  with  the  sufferings  of  men  of  every 
grade  among  the  outcast,  would  say :  '  If  you 
wish  to  do  these  poor  outcasts  real  good,  you 
must  mould  your  language  to  their  ideas,  get 
hold  of  their  common  phrases — those  which  tell 
so  powerfully  when  they  are  speaking  to  each 
other  —  let  them  have  their  own  fashion  of 
things,  and,  where  it  does  net  interfere  with 
order  and  decency,  use  yourselves  language 
which  their  unpolished  minds  will  appreciate ; 
and  then,  having  gained  their  entire  confi- 
dence, and,  perhaps,  their  esteem,  you  may 
safety  strike  home,  though  it  be  as  with  a 
siedge-hammer,  and  they  will  «ven  'love  you 
for  the  smart.' 

"  The  temperance  movement  next  claims  at- 
tention, and  I  doubt  not  that  much  crime  and 
'legradation  has  been  prevented  by  total  absti- 


nence from  all  intoxicating  drinks ;  but  I  would 
rather  raise  the  tone  of  moral  feeling  by  intelli- 
gent  and  ennobling  means  than  by  those  spaa, 
modic  efforts,  which  are  without  deliberation, 
and  often  without  permanency.  The  object 
sought  to  be  obtained,  however,  is  good, — so  i? 
the  motive, — and  I  leave  to  others  to  judge  what 
means  are  most  likely  to  secure  it. 

"  I  may  also  allude,  as  another  means  of 
reformation,  to  the  Ragged-schools  which  are 
now  studding  the  localities  of  the  poorest 
neighbourhoods.  The  object  of  these  schools 
is,  ono  would  hope,  to  take  care  of  the  un- 
cared  for,  and  to  give  instruction  to  those  who 
would  be  otherwise  running  wild  and  growing 
up  as  a  pest  to  society.  A  few  instances  of  real 
reform  stand,  however,  in  juxtaposition  with 
many  of  increased  hardihood.  I,  as  a  man, 
seeing  those  who  resort  to  ragged- schools,  can- 
not understand  the  propriety  of  insulting  an 
honest  though  ragged  boy  by  classing  him  with 
a  young  thief;  or  the  hope  of  improving  the 
juvenile  female  character  where  the  sexes  are 
brought  in  promiscuous  contact,  and  left  unre- 
strained on  their  way  home  to  say  and  do  every- 
thing subversive  of  the  good  instruction  they 
have  received."  [It  is  right  1  should  here 
state,  that  these  are  my  informant's  own  un- 
biassed sentiments,  delivered  without  communi- 
cation with  myself  on  the  subject  I  say  thus 
much,  because,  my  own  opinions  being  known, 
it  might  perhaps  appear  as  if  I  had  exerted 
some  influence  over  the  judgment  of  my  corre- 
spondent] 

"  The  most  efficient  means  of  moral  re- 
form among  the  street-folk,  appear  to  have 
been  consulted  by  those  who,  in  Westminster 
and  other  places,  have  opened  institutions 
cheaper,  but  equally  efficient,  as  the  mecha- 
nics' institutes  of  the  metropolis.  In  these,  for 
one  farthing  per  night,  three-halfpence  a  week, 
or  sixpence  a  month,  lectures,  exhibitions,  news- 
papers, &c.,  are  available  to  the  very  poor. 
These,  and  such  as  these,  I  humbly  but  earn- 
estly would  commend  to  public  sympathy  and 
support,  believing  that,  under  the  auspices  of 
heaven,  they  may  '  deliver  the  outcast  and  poor* 
from  their  own  mistaken  views  and  practices, 
and  make  them  ornamental  to  that  society  to 
which  they  have  long  been  expensive  and  dan- 
gerous." 

Another  laudable  attempt  to  improve  the  con- 
dition of  the  poorer  class  is  by  the  erection  of 
model  lodging-houses.  The  plan  which  induced 
this  measure  was  good,  and  the  success  has  been 
tolerable ;  but  I  am  inclined  to  think  the  ma- 
nagement of  these  houses,  as  well  as  their  in- 
ternal regulation,  is  scarcely  what  their  well- 
meaning  founders  designed.  The  principal  of 
these  buildings  is  in  George- street,  St  Giles's; 
the  building  is  spacious  and  well  ventilated, 
there  is  a  good  library,  and  the  class  of  lodgers 
verv  superior  to  what  might  be  expected  Thit 
latter  circumstance  makes  the  house  in  question 
scarcely  admissible  to  the  catalogue  of  reformed 
lodging-houses  for  the  very  ooor. 


LONDON  IJBOUR  JND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


345 


M  The  next  '  model  lodging-ho  ase '  in  im 
portance  is  the  one  in  Charles-s  reet,  Drury- 
lane.  This,  from  personal  observation  (having 
lodged  in  it  more  than  four  months),"  says  my 
informant,  "  I  can  safely  say  (so  far  as  social  re- 
form is  concerned),  is  a  miserable  failure.  The 
bed-rooms  are  clean,  but  the  sitting-rDom,  though 
large,  is  the  scene  of  dirt  and  disorder.  Noise, 
confusion,  and  intemperance  abound  from  morn- 
ing till  night 

"  There  is  a  model  lodging-house  in  West- 
minster,  the  private  property  of  Lord  Kinnaird. 
It  is  generally  well  conducted.  His  lordship's 
agent  visits  the  place  once  a  week.  There  is 
an  almost  profuse  supply  of  cooking  utensils  and 
other  similar  comforts.  There  are,  moreover, 
two  spacious  reading-rooms,  abundance  of  books 
and  periodicals,  and  every  lodger,  on  payment 
of  6d.,  is  provided  with  two  lockers — one  in  his 
bed-room,  and  the  other  below-stairs.  The 
money  is  returned  when  the  person  leaves  the 
house.  There  is  divine  service  every  day,  con- 
ducted by  different  missionaries,  and  twice  on 
Sundays.  Attendance  on  these  services  is  op- 
tional ;  and  as  there  are  two  ways  of  ingress  and 
egress,  the  devout  and  undevout  need  not  come 
in  contact  with  each  other.  The  kitchen  is  very 
large  and  detached  from  the  house.  The  master 
of  this  establishment  is  a  man  well  fitted  for  his 
situation.  He  is  a  native  of  Saffron  Walden  in 
Essex,  where  his  father  farmed  his  own  estate. 
He  received  a  superior  education,  and  has  twice 
had  a  fortune  at  his  own  disposal.  He  did  dispose 
of  it,  however ;  and  '  after  many  roving  years,'  as 
a  '  traveller,'  '  lurker,'  and  '  patterer,'  he  has 
settled  down  in  his  present  situation,  and  main- 
tained it  with  great  credit  for  a  considerable 
period.  The  beds  in  this  house  are  only  3d.  per 
night,  and  no  small  praise  is  due  to  Lord  Kin- 
naird  for  the  superiority  of  this  '  model '  over 
others  of  the  game  denomination. 

"  Such  are  a  few  of  the  principal  cf  these 
establishments.  Giving  every  credit  tj  their 
founders,  however,  for  purity  and  even  excel- 
lence of  motive,  I  doubt  if  '  model  lodging- 
houses,'  as  at  present  conducted,  are  likely  to 
accomplish  much  real  good  for  those  who  get 
their  living  in  the  streets.  Ever  and  anon  they 
are  visited  by  dukes  and  bishops,  lords  and  ladies, 
who  march  in  procession  past  every  table,  scru- 
tinise every  countenance,  make  their  remarks 
upon  the  quantity  and  quality  of  food,  and  then 
go  into  the  lobby,  sign  their  names,  jump  into 
their  carriages,  and  drive  away,  declaring  that 
'after  all*  there  is  not  M>  much  poverty  in 
London  as  they  supposed. 

••   poor  inmates  of  these  houses,  more- 
.-idds  my  informant,  "  are  kept  in  bond- 
age, and  made  to  feel  that  bondage,  to  the  almost 

aion  of  old  English  independent 
is  thought  by  the  managers  of  these  establish  - 
menu,  and  with  tome  share  of  propriety,  that 
persons  who  get  their  living  by  any  honest  means 
may  get  home  and  go  to  bed,  according  to 
rule,  at  a  certain  prescribed  hour— in  one  house 
o'clock,  in  the  others  eleven.   Lu: 


of  the  best-conducted  of  these  poor  people,  rf 
they  be  street-folk,  are  at  those  very  hours  in 
the  height  of  their  business,  and  have  therefore 
to  pack  up  their  goods,  and  carry  homeward 
their  cumbersome  and  perhaps  heavy  load  a 
distance  usually  varying  from  two  or  three  to 
six  or  seven  miles.  If  they  are  a  minute  beyond 
time,  tfiey  are  shut  out,  and  have  to  seek  lodgings 
in  a  strange  place.  On  their  return  next  morning, 
they  are  charged  for  the  bed  they  were  prevented 
from  occupying,  and  \f  they  demur  they  are  at  once 
expelkd  !  Thus  the  '  model '  lodgers  are  kept, 
as  it  were,  in  leading-strings,  and  triumphed 
over  by  lords  and  ladies,  masters  and  matrons, 
who,  while  they  pique  themselves  on  the  efforts 
they  are  making  to  '  better  the  condition  of  the 
poor,'  are  making  them  their  slaves,  and  driving 
them  into  unreasonable  thraldom  ;  while  the  rich 
and  noble  managers,  reckless  of  their  own  pro- 
fessed benevolence,  are  making  the  poor  poorer, 
by  adding  insult  to  wretchedness.  If  my  re- 
marks upon  these  establishments  appear,"  adds 
the  writer  of  the  above  remarks,  "  to  be  in- 
vidious, it  is  only  in  '  appearance '  that  they 
are  so.  I  give  their  promoters  credit  for  the 
best  intentions,  and,  as  far  as  sanitary  and  moral 
measures  are  concerned,  1  rejoice  hi  the  benefit 
while  suggesting  the  improvement. 

"  Everything  even  moderately  valuable  has  its 
cpunterfeit  We  have  counterfeit  money,  coun- 
terfeit virtue,  counterfeit  modesty,  counterfeit 
religion,  and  last,  but  not  least,  '  counterfei , 
model  lodging-houses.'  Many  private  adven. 
turers  have  thus  dignified  their  domiciles,  and 
some  of  them  highly  merit  the  distinction,  while 
with  others  it  is  only  a  cloak  for  greater  un- 
cleanliness  and  grosser  immorality. 

"  There  has  come  to  my  knowledge  the  case 
of  one  man,  who  owns  nearly  a  dozen  of  these 
dens  of  infamy,  in  one  of  which  a  poor  girl 
under  fifteen  was  lately  ruined  by  a  gray- 
headed  monster,  who,  according  to  the  pteudo- 
1  model '  regulations,  slept  in  an  adjoining  bed. 
The  sham  model-houses  to  which  I  more 
particularly  allude,"  says  my  corespondent, 
"  are  in  Short' s-gardens,  Drury-lane  ,  .Mill-yard, 
Cable-strut  ;  K rate-street,  Flower  and  Di.m- 
street,  Thrawl-street,  Spitalfields;  i'lou^h-eourt. 
Whiteehapel ;  and  Union-court,  Hoi  born.  All  of 
these  are,  without  exception,  twopenny  brothels, 
head-quarters  of  low-lived  procuresses,  and  re- 
sorts of  young  thieves  and  prostitutes.  Each 
of  the  houses  is  managed  by  a  'deputy,'  who 
receives  an  income  of  8*.  W.  per  \veek.  out  of 
which  he  has  to  provide  coke,  candl. 
Of  course  it  is  impossible  to  do  this  from  such 
small  resources,  and  the  men  consequently 
ncrease  their  salaries  by  'taking  in  couples 
for  a  little  while,'  purch.rLng:  *toliM  gooii 
other  nefarious  practice*.  ll~c~tc  than  all,  the 
pfrton  owning  then  hotuet  it  a  member  of  a 
Krict  Boptiit  chirch,  and  the  ton  cf  a  .iereated 

litter.     He  livft  m  great  tplcndovr  in  one  <% 
hionable  ttreett  in  Pimlico. 

"  It  still  remains  for  me,"  my  correspondent 
continue*,  "to  contemplate  the  be«  agen 


316 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


promoting  the  reformation  of  the  poor.  The 
'City  Mission,'  if  properly  conducted,  as  it 
brings  many  good  men  in  close  contact  with 
the  'outcast  and  poor,'  might  be  made  pro- 
ductive of  real  and  extensive  good.  Whether 
it  has  done  so,  or  done  so  to  any  extent,  is 
perhaps  an  open  question.  Our  town  mis- 
sionary societies  sprang  up  when  our  different 
Christian  denominations  were  not  fully  alive 
to  the  apprehension  of  their  own  duties  to 
their  poorer  brethren,  who  were  lost  to  prin- 
ciple, conscience,  and  society.  That  the  object 
of  the  London  City  Mission  is  most  noble,  needs 
no  discussion,  and  admits  of  no  dispute.  The 
method  of  carrying  out  this  great  object  is  by 
employing  agents,  who  are  required  to  give 
their  whole  time  to  the  work,  without  engaging 
in  any  secular  concerns  of  life ;  and  regarding 
the  operation  of  the  work  so  done,  I  must  say 
that  great  good  has  resulted  from  the  enter- 
prise. At  the  commencement  of  the  labours  of 
the  Mission  in  any  particular  locality  great  op- 
position was  manifested,  and  a  great  amount  of 
prejudice,  with  habits  of  the  most  immoral  kind 
— openly  carried  on  without  any  public  cen- 
sure— had  to  be  overcome.  The  statements  of 
the  missionaries  have  from  time  to  time  been 
published,  and  lie  recorded  against  us  as  a 
nation,  of  the  glaring  evils  and  ignorance  of  a 
vast  portion  of  our  people.  It  is  principally 
owing  to  the  city  missionaries  that  the  other 
portions  of  society  have  known  what  they  now 
do  of  the  practices  and  habits  of  the  poor ;  it  is 
principally  due  to  their  exertions  that  schools 
have  been  established  in  connection  with  their 
labours ;  and  the  Ragged-schools — one  of  the 
principal  movements  of  the  last  few  years — are 
mainly  to  be  attributed  to  their  efforts. 

"  A  man,"  says  my  informant  in  conclusion, 
"  can  receive  little  benefit  from  a  thing  he  does 
not  understand ;  the  talk  which  will  do  for  the 
senate  will  not  do  for  the  cottage,  and  the  argu- 
ment which  will  do  for  the  study  will  not  do  for 
the  man  who  spends  all  his  spare  time  in  a  pub- 
lic-house. These  remarks  will  apply  to  the 
distribution  of  tracts,  which  should  be  couched 
in  the  very  language  that  is  used  by  the  people 
to  whom  they  are  addressed ;  then  the  ideas  will 
penetrate  their  understanding.  Some  years  back 
I  met  with  an  old  sailor  in  a  lodging-house  in 
Westminster,  who  professed  a  belief  that  there 
had  once  been  a  God,  but  that  he  was  either  dead, 
or  grown  old  and  diseased.  He  did  not  dispute 
the  inspiration  of  the  Bible.  He  believed  that 
there  had  been  revelations  made  to  our  fore- 
fathers when  God  was  alive  and- active,  but  that 
now  the  Almighty  did  not  '  fash'  (trouble)  him- 
self about  his  creatures  at  all! 

"  I  endeavoured  to  instruct  the  man  in  his 
own  rude  language  and  ideas ;  and  after  he  had 
thus  been  made  to  comprehend  the  doctrine  of 
the  Atonement,  he  said,  '  I  see  it  all  plain 
enough — though  I've  liked  a  drop  o'  drink,  and 
been  a  devil  among  the  gals,  and  all  that,  in  my 
time,  if  I'll  humble  myself  I  can  have  it  all 
wiped  off;  and,  as  the  song  says,  "We  may  be 


happy  yet,"  because,  as  the  saying  is,  it's  a!i 
square  with  God  A'mighty.'  Whether  the 
sailor  permanently  reformed,  I  am  unable  to 
say,  for  I  lost  sight  of  him  shortly  after ;  at  any 
rate  he  understood  the  subject,  and  was  thus 
qualified  to  profit  by  it  And  what  can  thf 
teachers  of  Christianity  among  the  British 
heathen — herded  together  in  courts  and  alleys 
— tell  their  poor  ignorant  hearers  better  than  the 
old  sailor's  aphorism,  '  You  have,  indeed,  gone 
astray  from  your  greatest  and  best  Friend,  but, 
if  you  so  desire,  "  You  may  be  happy  yet,"  be- 
cause it's  all  square  with  God  A'mighty?' 

"Before  quitting  this  subject,  A  would  add, 
if  you  really  wish  to  do  these  poor  creatures 
good,  you  must  remember  that  your  instructions 
are  not  intended  for  so-called  fashionable  so- 
ciety, but  for  those  who  have  a  fashion  of  their 
own.  If  you  lose  sight  of  this  fact,  your  words 
will  die  away  upon  the  wind,  and  no  echo  in  the 
hearts  of  these  poor  people  will  answer  your 
addresses." 

The  above  observations  are  from  the  pen  of 
one  who  has  not  only  had  the  means,  but  is 
likewise  possessed  of  the  power,  of  judging  as  to 
the  effect  of  the  several  plans  (now  in  course  of 
operation)  for  the  reformation  and  improvement 
of  the  London  poor.  I  have  given  the  comments 
in  the  writer's  own  language,  because  I  was 
anxious  that  the  public  should  know  the  opinions 
of  the  best  informed  of  the  street-people  them- 
selves on  this  subject;  and  I  trust  I  need  not 
say  that  I  have  sought  in  no  way  to  influence 
my  correspondent's  judgment. 

I  now  subjoin  a  communication  from  a  cler- 
gyman in  the  country,  touching  the  character  of 
the  tramps  and  lurkers  frequenting  his  neigh- 
bourhood, together  with  some  suggestions  con- 
cerning the  means  of  improving  the  condition  of 
the  London  poor.  These  I  append,  because  it 
is  advisable  that  in  so  difficult  a  matter  the 
sentiments  of  every  one  having  sufficient  expe- 
rience, judgment,  and  heart  to  fit  him  to  speak 
on  the  subject  should  be  calmly  attended  to,  so 
that  amid  much  counsel  there  may  be  at  least 
some  little  wisdom. 

"  The  subject  of  the  welfare  of  our  poorer 
brethren  was  one  which  engaged  much  of  my . 
attention  twenty  years  ago,  when  studying  foi 
the  bar  at  Lincoln's  Inn,  before  I  entered  into 
orders ;  and  the  inquiries,  &c.,  then  made  by 
me  in  reference  to  London,  are  recalled  by  many 
of  your  pages.  I  have  pursued  the  same  course, 
according  to  my  limited  means  and  opportu- 
nities (for  my  benefice,  like  thousands  of  others, 
is  but  100/.  a-year)  in  this  neighbourhood,  and 
there  are  very  many  of  my  clerical  brethren, 
also,  deeply  anxious  and  exerting  their  meant 
for  the  country  poor.  The  details  given  in  your 
numbers  as  to  the  country  tramps  and  patterers, 
I  can  fully  corroborate  from  personal  experience 
and  knowledge,  so  far  as  the  country  part  of  it. 
We  never  give  money  to  beggars  here,  on  any 
pretence  whatever.  We  never  give  clothes.  We 
never  give  relief  to  a  naked  or  half -naked  man  if 
n9  can  avoid  it  (the  imposture  is  too  barefaced). 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


347 


Medicine  I  do  (five  occasionally  to  the  sick,  or 
pretended  sick,  and  see  them  take  it  Every 
beggar  may  have  dry  bread,  or  three  or  four 
tracts  to  sell,  but  never  both.  I  know  we  are 
even  thus  often  imposed  on  ;  but  it  is  better  to 
run  this  risk  than  to  turn  away,  by  chance,  a 
starving  man;  and  I  do  see  the  mendicants  often 
sit  down  on  a  field  near,  and  eat  the  dry  bread 
with  ravenous  look.  The  tramps  sometimes 
come  to  church  on  Sunday,  and  then  beg :  but  we 
never  give  even  bread  on  Sunday,  because  on 
that  day  they  can  get  help  at  the  Union  work- 
house, and  it  only  tempts  idlers.  Sometimes  we 
are  days  without  a  beggar,  and  then  there  will 
be  ten  to  twenty  per  day,  and  then  all  at  once 
the  stream  stops.  There  are  no  tramp  lodging- 
houses  in  my  parish  (which  is  a  village  of  600 
or  700  people).  Most  of  the  burglaries  here- 
abouts seem  connected  with  some  inroad  of 
tramps  into  the  neighbourhood.  The  lodging- 
houses  are  very  bad  in  some  of  the  small  towns 
near,  but  somehow  the  magistrates  cannot  get 
them  put  down.  The  gentry  are  alive  here  to 
the  evil  of  crowded  cottages,  &c.,  and  are  using 
efforts  to  build  better  and  more  decent  ones. 
But  the  evil  results  from  the  little  landowners, 
who  have  an  acre  or  two,  or  less,  and  build  rows 
of  cottages  on  them  of  the  scantiest  dimensions, 
at  high  rents, — ten  per  cent  on  the  cost  of  build- 
ing. The  rents  of  the  gentry  and  nobility  are 
Tery  moderate  to  the  poor,  viz.,  scarcely  two  per 
cent  (beyond  the  yearly  repairs)  on  the  market 
value  of  the  cottage. 

"  In  1  s32 1  succeeded  in  getting  land  allot- 
ments  for  the  poor  here,  and  most  of  the  parishes 
round  have  followed  our  example  since.  The 
success  to  the  poor  has  always  depended  on  the 
rent  being  a  real  rent,  such  as  is  paid  by  the 
land  round  about,  and  on  the  rules  of  good 
management  and  of  payment  of  rent  being 
rigidly  enforced. 

"  The  character  of  the  poor  of  England  must 
be  raised,  as  well  as  their  independence.  They 
,ot  be  left  to  lean  on  charity.  I  am  sure 
that  the  sterling  worth  of  the  English  character 
can  only  be  raised  by  that  means  to  the  surface 
of  society  among  the  poor.  The  "  English"  is 
a  fine  material,  but  the  poor  neither  value,  nor 
are  benefited,  by  mawkish  nonsense  or  excessive 

"  I  believe  this  parish  was  one  of  the  most 
fearfully  demorai  y  years  ago.  It 

was  said  there  was  not  one  young  female  cottager 
of  virtuous  -c,  was  not  01. 

is  not,  or  had  not  been,  a  drunkard ;  and 
fighting,  &c.,  &c.,  were  universal.     It  is 
greatly   better   now — totally   different — and   1 
attribute  the  change  to  the  land  allotmr 

cicty,  the  village  horticultural  so- 

:iding  libra.-y,  the  clothing  club,  the 

coal  club,  the  cultivating  a  taste  for  music,  &c,, 

pastoral 

n,  and  the  schools,  &o 
in  probably  visionary  in  my  id- 
rusal  of  your  pages  has  led  me  to  Chink 
were  I  clergyman  of  a  parish  where  the 


street-folks  lived,  I  should  aim  at  some  sc/.emec 
of  this  style,  in  addition  to  the  benefit  society 
and  loan  society  (the  last  most  important]  as 
proposed  by  yourself. 

"(1)  To  get  music  taught  at  \d.  a  week,  or 
something  of  the  kind — a  ragged-school  music- 
room,  if  the  people  vrnld  learn  giatis,  would  be 
still  better — as  a  step  to  a  "superior"  music 
class  at  Id.  per  week. 

"  (2)  To  get  the  poor  to  adorn  their  rooms 
plentifully  with  a  better  class  of  pictures — of 
places,  of  people,  of  natural  history,  and  of  his- 
torical and  religious  subjects — just  as  they 
might  like,  and  a  circulating  library  for  pictures 
if  they  preferred  change.  This  I  find  takes  with 
the  village  poor.  Provide  these  things  exces- 
sively cheap  for  them — at  nominal  prices,  just 
high  enough  to  prevent  them  being  sold  at  a 
profit  by  the  poor. 

"(3)  To  establish  a  monthly  or  fortnightly 
sheet — or  little  book  for  the  poor — at  \d.,  or  some 
trifle,  full  of  pictures  such  as  they  would  like, 
but  free  from  impropriety.  It  might  be  called 
'The  Coster's  Barrow,'  or  some  name  which 
would  take  their  fancy,  and  contain  pictures 
for  those  who  cannot  read,  and  reading  for  those 
who  can.  Its  contents  should  be  instructive,  and 
yet  lively ;  as  for  instance,  the  '  Hisiory  of  Lon- 
don Bridge,'  '  History  of  a  Codfish,'  '  Travels  of 
Whelks,'  '  Dreams  of  St  Paul's,'  (old  History  of 
England),  '  Voice  from  the  Bottom  of  the  Coal 
Exchange'  (Roman  tales),  'True  Tale  of  Tra- 
falgar/ &c.,  &c.  All  very  short  articles,  at 
which  perhaps  they  might  be  antjry,  or  praise 
or  abuse,  or  do  anything,  but  still  would  read,  ot 
hear,  and  talk  about  If  possible,  the  little 
work  murfit  have  a  corner  called,  '  The  Next 
World's  Page,'  or  any  name  of  the  kind,  with 
nothing  in  it  but  the  Lord's  Prayer,  or  the  Creed, 
or  the  Ten  Commandments,  or  a  Parable,  or 
Miracle,  or  discourse  of  Christ's — in  the  exact 
words  of  Scripture — without  any  commentary ; 
which  could  neither  annoy  the  Roman  Catholics 
nor  others.  Those  parts  in  which  the  Douay 
version  differs  from  ours  mi^lit  be  avoided,  and 
the  Romanists  be  given  to  understand  that  they 
would  always  be  avoided. 

"  The     more    difficult     question    of    eh<  aj> 
amusements  instead  of  the  deinorali/ii^: 
now  popular,  is  one  which  as  yet   I  cannot  see 
my  way  through — but  it  is  one  which  must  be 
grappled  with  if  any  good  is  to  be  done. 

"  1  write  thus,"  adds  my  correspondent . 
cause  1  '    .low-worker— s.i 

your  labours  show  it,  for  the  cause  of  God's 
poor — and  therefore  will  sympathize  in  any- 
thing anotlu-r  worker  can  say  from  experience 
on  the  same  subject" 

Such    arc  the   opinions  of   two  of  my    cor- 

'i   looking   at  the  subject  from 
different  points  of  \  M  .>, — the  our  I  .,   r 
•   ,   and    da: 

nesting  the  effects  of  the  several  plans  now  in 
Operation  for  the  moral  and  physical  improve- 
ment Of  (he  poor,  and  the  other  in  frujuent  in* 


348 


LONDON  LABOUR  Atfr>  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tercourse  with  the  tramps  and  lurkers,  on  their 
vagrant  excursions  through  the  country,  as  well 
as  with  the  resident  poor  of  his  own  parish— the 
former  living  in  friendly  communion  with  those 
of  whom  he  writes,  and  the  latter  visiting  them 
as  their  spiritual  adviser  and  material  bene- 
factor. 

I  would,  however,  before  passing  to  the  con- 
•ideration  of  the  next  subject,  here  pause  to 
draw  special  attention  to  the  distinctive  features 
of  the  several  classes  of  people  obtaining  their 
livelihood  in  the  streets.  These  viewed  in  regard 
to  the  causes  which  have  induced  them  to  adopt 
this  mode  of  life,  may  be  arranged  in  three 
different  groups,  viz. : 

(1.)  Those  who  are  bred  to  the  streets. 

(2.J  Those  who  take  to  the  streets. 

(3.)  Those  who  are  driven  to  the  streets. 

The  class  bred  to  the  streets  are  those  whose 
fathers  having  been  street-sellers  before  them, 
have  sent  them  out  into  the  thoroughfares  at  an 
early  age  to  sell  either  watercresses,  laven  ler, 
oranges,  nuts,  flowers,  apples,  onions,  &c.,  as  a 
means  of  eking  out  the  family  income.  Of 
such  street-apprenticeship  several  notable  in- 
stances have  already  been  given ;  and  one  or 
two  classes  of  juvenile  street-sellers,  as  the 
lucifer  match,  and  the  blacking-sellers,  still 
remain  to  be  described.  Another  class  of 
street-apprentice  is  to  be  found  in  the  boys 
engaged  to  wheel  the  barrows  of  the  costers, 
and  who  are  thus  at  an  early  age  tutored  in  all 
the  art  and  mystery  of  street  traffic,  and  who 
rarely  abandon  it  at  maturity.  These  two 
classes  may  be  said  to  constitute  the  natives  of 
the  streets — the  tribe  indigenous  to  the  paving- 
stones — imbibing  the  habits  and  morals  of  the 
gutters  almost  with  their  mothers'  milk.  To 
expect  that  children  thus  nursed  in  the  lap 
of  the  kennel,  should  when  men  not  bear  the 
impress  of  the  circumstances  amid  which  they 
have  been  reared,  is  to  expect  to  find  costermon- 
gers  heroes  instead  of  ordinary  human  beings. 
We  might  as  well  blame  the  various  races  on 
the  face  of  the  earth  for  those  several  geogra- 
phical peculiarities  of  taste,  which  constitute 
their  national  characteristics.  Surely  there  is  a 
moral  acclimatisation  as  well  as  a  physical  one, 
and  the  heart  may  become  inured  to  a  parti- 
cular atmosphere  in  the  same  manner  as  the 
body ;  and  even  as  the  seed  of  the  apple  returns, 
un.*ss  grafted,  to  its  original  crab,  so  does  the 
child,  without  training,  go  back  to  its  parent 
stock — the  vagabond  savage.  For  the  bred  and 
born  street-seller,  who  inherits  a  barrow  as 
some  do  coronets,  to  be  other  than  he  is — it  has 
here  been  repeatedly  enunciated — is  no  fault  of 
his  but  of  ours,  who  could  and  yet  will  not 
move  to  make  him  otherwise.  Might  not  "  the 
finest  gentleman  in  Europe "  have  been  the 
greatest  blackguard  in  Billingsgate,  had  he 
been  born  to  carry  a  fish-basket  on  his  head 
instead  of  a  crown  ?  and  by  a  parity  of  reasoning 
let  the  roughest  "rough"  outside  the  London 
fish-market  have  had  his  lot  in  life  cast,  "  by 
the  Grace  of  God,  King,  Defender  of  the  Faith," 


and  surely  his  shoulders  would  have  glittfcied 
with  diamond  epaulettes  instead  of  fish  scales. 

I  say  thus  much,  to  impress  upon  tin 
reader  a  deep  and  devout  sense,  that  we  who 
have  been  appointed  to  another  state,  are,  by 
the  grace  of  God,  what  we  are,  and  from  no 
special  merit  of  our  own,  to  which,  in  the  arro- 
gance of  our  self-conceit,  we  are  too  prone  to 
attribute  the  social  and  moral  differences  of  our 
nature.  Go  to  a  lady  of  fashion  and  tell  h«  c 
she  could  have  even  become  a  fishfag,  and  sne 
will  think  you  some  mad  ethnologist  (if  indeed 
she  had  ever  heard  of  the  science).  Let  me 
not,  however,  while  thus  seeking  to  impress  the 
reader's  mind  with  a  sense  of  the  "antecedents" 
of  the  human  character,  be  thought  to  espouse 
the  doctrine  that  men  are  merely  the  creatures 
of  events.  All  I  wish  to  enforce  is,  that  the 
three  common  causes  of  the  social  and  moral 
differences  of  individuals  are  to  be  found  in 
race,  organization,  and  circumstances — that  none 
of  us  are  entirely  proof  against  the  influence  of 
these  three  conditions  —  the  ethnological,  the 
physiological,  and  the  associative  elements  of  our 
idiosincracy.  But,  while  I  admit  the  full 
force  of  external  nature  upon  us  all,  while  I 
allow  that  we  are,  in  many  respects,  merely 
patients,  still  I  cannot  but  perceive  that,  in 
other  respects  we  are  self-agents,  moving  rather 
than  being  moved,  by  events — often  stemming 
the  current  of  circumstances,  and  at  other 
times  giving  to  it  a  special  direction  rather  than 
being  swept  along  with  it.  I  am  conscious  that 
it  is  this  directive  and  controlling  power,  not 
only  over  external  events,  but  over  the  events  of 
my  own  nature,  that  distinguishes  me  as  well  from 
the  brute  of  the  fields  as  it  does  my  waking  from 
my  sleeping  moments.  I  know,  moreover,  that  in 
proportion  as  a  man  is  active  or  passive  in  his 
operations,  so  is  his  humanity  or  brutality  de- 
veloped ;  that  true  greatness  lies  in  the  supe- 
riority of  the  internal  forces  over  the  external 
ones ;  and  that  as  heroes,  or  extraordinary  men 
are  heroes,  because  they  overcome  the  sway  of 
one  or  other,  or  all,  of  the  three  material  in- 
fluences above-named,  so  ordinary  people  are 
ordinary,  simply  because  they  lack  energy — 
principle — will  (call  it  what  you  please)  to 
overcome  the  material  elements  of  their  nature 
with  the  spiritual.  And  it  is  precisely  because 
I  know  this,  that  I  do  know  that  those  who  are 
bred  to  the  streets  must  bear  about  them  the 
moral  impress  of  the  kennel  and  the  gutter — 
unless  we  seek  to  develope  the  inward  and  con- 
trolling part  of  their  constitution.  If  we  allow 
them  to  remain  the  creatures  of  circumstances, 
to  wander  through  life  principleless,  purpose- 
less, conscienceless — if  it  be  their  lot  to  be  flung 
on  the  wide  waste  of  waters  without  a  "  guiding 
star"  above,  or  a  rudder  or  compass  within, 
how  can  we  (the  well-fed)  dare  to  blame  them 
because,  wanting  bread,  they  prey  and  live 
upon  their  fellow-creatures  ? 

I  say  thus  much,  because  I  feel  satisfied  that 
a  large  portion  of  the  street-folk — and  especially 
those  wtto  have  been  bred  to  the  business  — 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


349 


are  of  improvable  natures ;  that  they  crave 
knowledge,  as  starving  men  for  "  the  staff  of 
life;"  that  they  are  most  grateful  for  instruc- 
tion ;  that  they  are  as  deeply  moved  by  any 
kindness  and  sympathy  (when  once  their  sus- 
picion has  been  overcome)  as  they  are  excited 
by  any  wrong  or  oppression  —  and  I  say  it 
moreover,  because  I  feel  thoroughly  convinced 
of  the  ineffectiveness  of  the  present  educational 
resources  for  the  poor.  \Ve  think,  if  we  teach 
them  reading  and  writing,  and  to  chatter  a  creed, 
that  we  have  armed  them  against  the  tempta- 
tions, the  trials,  and  the  exasperations  of  life, 
believing,  because  we  have  put  the  knife  and 
fork  in  their  hands  that  we  have  really  filled 
with  food  the  empty  bellies  of  their  brains.  We 
exercise  their  memories,  make  them  human 
parrots,  and  then  wonder  that  they  do  not  act 
as  human  beings.  The  intellect,  the  con- 
science, the  taste,  indeed  all  that  refines,  en- 
lightens, and  ennobles  our  nature,  we  leave 
untouched,  to  shrivel  and  wither  like  unused 
limbs.  The  beautiful,  the  admirable,  the  true, 
the  right,  are  as  hidden  to  them  as  at  their  first 
day's  schooling.  AVe  impress  them  with  no 
purpose,  animate  them  with  no  principle ;  they 
are  still  the  same  brute  creatures  of  circum- 
stances— the  same  passive  instruments — human 
waifs  and  strays — left  to  be  blown  about  as  the 
storms  of  life  may  whirl  them. 

Of  the  second  group,  or  those  who  take  to 
the  streets,  I  entertain  very  different  opinions. 
This  class  is  distinguished  from  that  above 
mentioned,  in  being  wanderers  by  choice,  rather 
than  wanderers  by  \  ecessity.  In  the  early  chap- 
ters of  this  work,  I  strove  to  point  out  to  my 
readers  that  the  human  race  universally  con- 
sisted of  two  distinct  classes :  the  wanderers  and 
the  settlers — the  civilized  and  the  savage — those 
who  produced  their  food,  and  those  who  merely 
collected  it  I  sought  further  to  show,  that  these 
two  classes  were  not  necessarily  isolated,  but  that, 
on  the  contrary,  almost  every  civili/ed  tribe  had 
its  nomadic  race,  like  parasites,  living  upon  it. 
These  nomadic  races  I  proved,  moreover,  to  have 
several  characteristics  common  to  the  class,  one 
of  the  most  remarkable  of  which  was,  their 
adoption  of  a  tecrel  language,  with  the  intent  of 
concealing  their  designs  and  exploits.  "  Strange 
to  say,"  I  then  observed,  "  that  despite  its  pri- 
vations, dangers,  and  hardships,  those  who  have 
once  taken  to  a  wandering  life  rarely  abandon 
it  There  are  countless  instances,"  I  add 
white  men  adopting  all  the  usages  of  an  Indian 
hunter ;  but  there  is  not  one  example  of  the  In- 
dian hunter  or  trapper,  adopting  the  steady  and 
regular  habits  of  civilized  M  .it  this 

passion  for  "  a  roving  life  "  (to  use  the  common 
expression  by  which  many  of  the  street-people 
themselves  designate  it),  is  a  marked  feature 
e  natures,  there  cannot  be  a  doubt  in  tbr 
tnind  of  any  one  who  has  contemplated  even 
the  surface  differences  of  human  beings  ;  and 
nevertheless  it  is  a  point  to  which  DO  social  philo- 
sopher h/u  yet  drawn  attention.  To  m . 
it  is  essentially  the  phytical  cause  of  rmnt.  Too 


restive  and  volatile  to  pursue  the  slow  process 
of  production,  the  wanderers,  and  consequently 
the  collectors,  of  subsistence  must  (in  a  land 
where  all  things  are  appropriated)  live  upon  the 
stock  of  the  producers.  The  nomadic  or  vagrant 
class  have  all  an  universal  type,  whethei  .hey  be 
the  Bushmen  of  Africa  or  the  "  tramps"  of  our 
own  country  ;  and  Mr.  Knapp,  the  intelligent 
master  of  the  Wandsworth  and  Clapham  Union, 
to  whom  I  was  referred  at  the  time  of  my  in- 
vestigations touching  the  subject  of  vagrancy, 
as  having  the  greatest  experience  upon  the 
matter,  gave  me  the  following  graphic  account, 
which,  as  I  said  at  the  time  of  its  first  publi- 
cation, had  perhaps  never  been  surpassed  as  an 
analysis  of  the  habits  and  propensities  of  the 
vagabond  class : 

"  Ignorance,"  to  use  the  gentleman's  own 
words,  "  is  certainly  not  their  prevailing  charac- 
teristic :  indeed,  with  a  few  exceptions,  it  is  the 
reverse.  The  vagrants  are  mostly  distinguished 
by  tueir  aversion  to  continuous  labour  of  any 
kind.  He  never  knew  them  to  work.  Their 
great  inclination  is  to  be  on  the  move,  and  wan- 
dering from  place  to  place,  and  they  appear  to 
receive  a  great  deal  of  pleasure  from  the  assem- 
bly and  conversation  of  the  casual  ward.  They 
are  physically  stout  and  healthy,  and  certainly 
not  emaciated  or  sickly.  They  belong  especially 
to  the  able-bodied  class,  being,  as  he  says,  fufl 
of  health  and  mischief.  They  are  very  stubborn 
and  self-willed.  They  are  a  most  difficult  class 
to  govern,  and  are  especially  restive  under  the 
least  restraint ;  they  can  ill  brook  control,  and 
they  find  great  delight  in  thwarting  the  autho- 
rities. They  are  particularly  fond  of  amuse- 
ments of  all  kinds.  He  never  knew  them  love 
reading.  They  mostly  pass  under  fictitious 
names.  They  are  particularly  distinguished  by 
their  libidinous  propensities.  They  are  not  re- 
markable for  a  love  of  drink.  He  considers 
them  to  be  generally  a  class  possessing  the 
keenest  intellect,  and  of  a  highly  enterprising 
character.  They  seem  to  have  no  sense  of 
danger,  and  to  be  especially  delighted  with  such 
acts  as  involve  any  peril.  They  are  likewise 
characterised  by  their  exceeding  love  of  mis- 
chief. They  generally  are  of  a  most  restless 
and  volatile  disposition.  They  have  great 
quickness  of  perception,  hut  little  power  of  con- 
tinuous attention  or  perseverance.  They  have 
a  keen  sense  of  the  ridiculous,  and  are  not  devoid 
of  deep  feeling.  In  the  summer  they  make 
regular  tours  through  the  country,  visiting  all 
places  that  they  have  not  seen.  They  are  per- 
fectly organized,  so  that  any  regulation  affecting 
their  com  torts  or  interests  becomes  known  among 
le  body  in  a  remarkably  short  space  of 
time." 

Every  day  my  inquiries  add  tome  fresh  pro* 
justice  of  the  above  enumeration  of  the 
several  phenomena  distinguishing  this  class.  To 
tbt  man  sedate  ration  of  the  human  f 
the  attractions  of  "a  roving  life"  are  inexpli- 
cable. Nrvcrthrlesa,  there  can  be  no  doubt  that, 
to  the  more  volatile,  the  mere  muscular  ex.  rr •«• 


350 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


wid  the  continual  change  of  scene,  together  with 
the  wild  delight  which  attends  the  overcoming 
of  any  danger,  are  sources  of  pleasure  sufficient 
vo  compensate  for  all  the  privations  and  hard- 
ships attending  such  a  state  of  existence. 

Mr.  Ruxton,  one  of  the  many  who  have  passed 
from  settlers  to  wanderers,  has  given  us  the 
following  description  of  the  enjoyments  of  a  life 
in  the  wilderness : 

"Although  liable  to  an  accusation  of  bar- 
barism, I  must  corfess  that  the  very  happiest 
moments  of  my  life  have  been  spent  in  the 
wilderness  of  the  Far  West ;  and  I  never  recall, 
but  with  pleasure,  the  remembrance  of  my 
solitary  camp  in  the  Bayou  Solade,  with  no 
friend  near  me  more  faithful  than  my  rifle,  and 
no  companions  more  sociable  than  my  good 
Lorse  and  mules,  or  the  attendant  cayutc  which 
nightly  serenaded  us.  Seldom  did  I  ever  wish 
to  change  such  hours  of  freedom  for  all  the 
luxuries  of  civilized  life;  and  unnatural  and 
extraordinary  as  it  may  appear,  yet  such  is  the 
fascination  of  the  life  of  the  mountain  hunter, 
tha,t  I  believe  not  one  instance  could  be  adduced 
of  even  the  most  polished  and  civilized  of  men, 
who  had  once  tasted  the  sweets  of  its  attendant 
liberty  and  freedom  from  every  worldly  care,  not 
regretting  the  moment  when  he  exchanged  it 
for  the  monotonous  life  of  the  settlements,  nor 
sighing  and  sighing  again  once  more  to  partake 
of  its  pleasures  and  allurements." 

To  this  class  of  voluntary  wanderers  belong 
those  who  take  to  the  streets,  glad  to  exchange 
the  wearisomeness  and  restraint  of  a  settled  oc- 
cupation for  the  greater  freedom  and  license  of  a 
nomad  mode  of  life.  As  a  class,  they  are  essen- 
tially the  non-working,  preferring,  as  I  said 
before,  to  collect,  rather  than  produce,  what  they 
eat  If  they  sell,  they  do  so  because  for  sundry 
reasons  they  fear  to  infringe  the  law,  and  as 
traders  their  transactions  certainly  are  not 
marked  by  an  excess  of  honesty.  I  am  not 
aware  that  any  of  them  are  professional  thieves 
(for  these  are  the  more  daring  portion  of  the 
same  vagrant  fraternity),  though  the  majority 
assuredly  are  habitual  cheats — delighting  in 
proving  their  cleverness  by  imposing  upon 
simple-minded  citizens — viewing  all  society  as 
composed  of  the  same  dishonest  elements  as 
their  own  tribes,  and  looking  upon  all  sympathy 
and  sacrifice,  even  when  made  for  their  own 
benefit,  as  some  "artful  dodge"  or  trick,  by 
which  to  snare  them. 

It  should  be  remembered,  however,  that  there 
are  many  grades  of  vagrants  among  us,  and 
that  though  they  are  all  essentially  non-pro- 
ducing and,  consequently,  predatory,  still  many 
are  in  no  way  distinguished  from  a  large  portion 
of  even  our  wealthy  tradesmen — our  puffing 
grocers  and  slopsellers.  To  attempt  to  improve 
the  condition  of  the  voluntary  street- sellers  by 
teaching  of  any  kind,  would  be  to  talk  to  the 
wind.  We  might  as  well  preach  to  Messrs. 
Moses,  Nicol,  and  Co.,  in  the  hope  of  Christian- 
ising them.  Those  who  take  to  the  streets  are 
iof,  like  those  who  are  bred  to  it,  an  uneducated 


class.  They  arc  intelligent  and  "knowing* 
enough,  and  it  is  this  development  of  their  intel 
lect  at  the  expense  of  their  conscience  which 
gives  rise  to  that  excessive  admiration  of  mere 
cleverness,  which  makes  skill  the  sole  standard 
of  excellence  with  them.  They  approve,  admire, 
venerate  nothing  but  what  is  ingenious.  Wrong 
with  them  is  mere  folly — right,  cunning  ;  and 
those  who  think  the  simple  cultivation  of  the 
intellect  the  great  social  panacea  of  the  time, 
have  merely  to  study  the  characteristics  of  this 
class  to  see  how  a  certain  style  of  education  can 
breed  the  very  vice  it  seeks  to  destroy.  Years 
ago,  I  wrote  and  printed  the  following  passage, 
and  every  year  since  my  studies  have  convinced 
me  more  and  more  of  its  truth  : 

"  Man,  if  deprived  of  his  intellect,  would  be 
the  most  miserable  and  destitute, — if  of  his 
sympathy,  the  most  savage  and  cunning,  of  all 
the  brute  creation  :  consequently,  we  may  infer 
that,  according  as  solely  the  one  or  the  other  of 
these  powers  is  expanded  in  us,  so  shall  we  ap- 
proximate in  our  nature  either  to  the  instinct  of 
the  brute  or  to  the  artifice  of  the  demon,  and 
that  only  when  they  are  developed  in  an  equal 
degree,  can  Man  be  said  to  be  educated  as  Man. 
We  should  remember  that  the  intellect  simply 
executes ;  it  is  either  the  selfish  or  moral  pro- 
pensity that  designs.  The  intellectual  principle 
enables  us  to  perceive  the  means  of  attaining 
any  particular  object ;  it  is  the  selfish  or  else 
the  moral  principle  in  us,  that  causes  us  origin- 
ally to  desire  that  object  The  two  latter  prin- 
ciples are  the  springs,  the  former  is  merely  the 
instrument  of  all  human  action.  They  are 
masters,  whereas  the  intellect  is  but  the  servant 
of  the  will ;  and  hence  it  is  evident  that  in  pro- 
portion as  the  one  or  the  other  of  these  two 
predominant  principles — as  either  the  selfish  or 
the  moral  disposition  is  educed  in  man,  and  thus 
made  the  chief  director  and  stimulus  of  the 
intellectual  power  within  him,  so  will  the  culti- 
vation of  that  power  be  the  source  of  happiness 
or  misery  to  himself  and  others." 

The  third  and  last  class,  namely,  those  who 
are  driven  to  the  streets,  is  almost  as  large  as 
any.  Luckily,  those  who  take  to  that  mode  of 
life,  are  by  far  the  least  numerous  portion  of 
the  street- folk ;  and  if  those  who  are  bred  to  the 
business  are  worthy  of  our  pity,  assuredly  those 
who  are  driven  to  it  are  equally,  if  not  more,  so. 
With  some  who  are  deprived  of  the  means  of 
obtaining  a  maintenance  for  themselves,  the  sale 
of  small  articles  in  the  streets  may,  perhaps,  be 
an  excuse  for  begging ;  but  in  most  cases,  I  am 
convinced  it  is  adopted  from  a  horror  of  the 
workhouse,  and  a  disposition  to  do,  at  least,  some- 
thing for  the  food  they  eat  Often  is  it  the  last 
struggle  of  independence  —  the  desire  to  give 
something  like  an  equivalent  for  what  they  re- 
ceive. Over  and  over  again  have  I  noticed  this 
honourable  pride,  even  in  individuals  who,  from 
some  privations  or  affliction  that  rendered  them 
utterly  incompetent  to  labour  for  their 
had  a  just  claim  on  our  sympathies  and 
ance.  The  blind— the  .ripple— the  maimed— 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  P6VR. 


351 


the  very  old— the  very  young— all  have  gene- 
rally adopted  a  street-life,  because  they  could 
do  nothing  else.  With  many  it  is  the  last  resort 
of  all.  The  smallr.ess  of  the  stock-money  re- 
quired— for  a  shilling,  it  has  been  shown,  is 
sufficient  to  commence  several  street- trades — is 
one  of  the  principal  causes  of  so  many  of  those 
who  are  helpless  taking  to  the  street- traffic. 
Moreover,  the  severity  of  the  Poor-laws  and 
the  degradation  of  pauperism,  and  the  aversion 
to  be  thought  a  common  beggar  by  all,  except 
the  very  lowest,  are,  I  have  no  doubt,  strong 
incentives  to  this  course.  There  are  many  call- 
ings which  are  peculiar,  as  being  followed  prin- 
cipally by  the  disabled.  The  majority  of  the 
blind  are  musicians,  or  boot-lace  or  tape- 
Kellers.  The  very  old  are  sellers  of  water- 
cresses,  hicifers,  pincushions,  ballads,  and  pins 
and  needles,  stay-laces,  and  such  small  articles 
as  are  light  to  carry,  and  require  but  a  few 
pence  for  the  outlay.  The  very  young  are 
sellers  of  flowers,  oranges,  nuts,  onions,  black- 
ing, lucifers,  and  the  like.  Many  of  those 
who  have  lost  an  arm,  or  a  leg,  or  a  hand,  turn 
showmen,  or  become  sellers  of  small  metal 
articles,  as  knives  or  nutmeg-graters;  and  many 
who  have  been  born  cripples  may  be  seen  in  the 
streets  struggling  for  self-support.  But  all  who 
are  driven  to  the  streets  have  not  been  physi- 
cally disabled  for  labour.  Some  have  been 
reduced  from  their  position  as  tradesmen  or 
shopmen ;  others,  again,  have  been  gentlemen's 
•en-ants  and  clerks;  all,  dragged  down  by  a  series 
of  misfortunes,  sometimes  beyond  their  control, 
and  sometimes  brought  about  by  their  own 
imprudence  or  sluggishness.  As  we  have  seen, 
many  are  reduced  to  a  state  of  poverty  by  long 
and  on  their  recovery  are  unable,  from 

int  of  clothes  or  friends,  to  follow  any  other 
tion. 

15ut  a  still  larger  class  than  all,  are  the 
beaten-out  mechanics  and  artizans,  who,  from 
want  of  employment  in  their  own  trade,  take  to 
make  up  small  things  (as  clothes-horses,  tin- 
rare,  cutlery,  brushes,  pails,  caps,  and  bonnets) 


on  their  own  account.  The  number  of  artizans 
in  the  London  streets  speaks  volumes  lor  the  in- 
dependence of  the  working-men  of  tin's  country  ; 
as  well  as  for  the  difficulty  of  their  obtaining 
employment  at  their  own  'trades.  Those  who 
are  unacquainted  with  the  sterling  pride  of  the 
destitute  English  mechanic,  know  not  what  he 
will  suffer  before  becoming  an  inmate  or'  a 
workhouse,  or  sinking  to  the  debasement  of  u 
beggar.  That  handicraftsmen  do  occasionally 
pass  into  "  lurkers  "  I  know  well ;  but;: 
am  convinced,  have  gradually  been  warped  to 
the  life  by  a  long  course  of  tramping,  aided  by 
the  funds  of  their  societies,  and  thus  becoming 
disused  to  labour,  have,.after  forfeiting  all  claims 
upon  the  funds  of  their  trade,  adopted  beggary 
as  a  means  of  subsistence.  But,  that  this  is  tin- 
exception  rather  than  the  rule,  the  following  is 
sufficient  to  show : 

"  The  destitute  mechanics,"  said  the  Master 
of  the  Wandsworth  and  Clapham  Union  to  me. 
"  are  entirely  a  ditVerent  class  from  the  regular 
vagrants  ;  they  have  different  habits,  and  indi  e<l 
different  features.  During  the  whole  of  my  expe- 
rience I  never  knew  a  distressed  arti/an  who 
applied  for  a  night's  shelter,  commit  an  act  of 
theft;  and  I  have  seen  them,"  he  added,  "  in 
the  last  stage  of  destitution.  Occasionally 
they  have  sold  the  shirt  and  waistcoat  on"  their 
backs  before  they  applied  for  admittance  into 
the  workhouse,  while  some  of  them  have  been 
so  weak  from  long  starvation  that  they  could 
scarcely  reach  the  gate,  and  indeed  had  to  be 
kept  for  several  days  in  the  Infirmary  before 
their  strength  was  recruited  sufficiently  to  con- 
tinue their  journey."  "  The  poor  mechanic," 
said  another  of  my  informants,  "  will  sit  in  the 
casual  ward  like  a  lost  man,  scared.  Its  shock- 
ing to  think  a  decent  mechanic's  hou 
When  he's  beat  out  he's  like  a  bird  on 
cage;  he  doesn't  know  where  to  go,  or  how  to 
get  a  bit." 

I  shall  avail  myself  of  another  occasion  tc 
discuss  the  means  of  improving  the  condition 
of  the  street-people. 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  MANUFACTURED  ARTICI 


THESE  traders  consist  of:   (1)  The  vendors  of 
rtal  articles;    (2)   Of    chemical   artich 
.-lass,   and   stone   articles;    ( 
linsn,  cotton,  and  other  textile  fabrics ;   and  (5) 
^oellaneous  articles.     In  this  classifica- 
<lo  not  include  second-hand  articles,  DOT 
yet  the  traffic  of  those  who  make  the  aj 
.hey  Mil,  and  who  are  indeed  street- artix  an  s 
lather  than  street-sellers. 

Under  the  first  head  are  included,  the  vendors 
of  razors,  table  and  penknives,  tea-trays,  dog- 
eollars,   key-rings,  articles  of  hardware,  101101 
eoinn  and  medals,  pins  and  needlea,  jew 
iffi-rs,  candlesticks,  articles  tools, 

•untcw ,  herring-toasters,  trivets,  gridirons, 


pans,  tray-stands  (as  in  the  roasting  of  • 

<  >t"  the  Mcoinl   di-v-cr::  >ior»  ol 

blacking,   black- 1« 
salves,    grease -removing   compo-  • 
and  glass  cements,  plat 

poisons,  crackers,  detonating-balls,  ard  cigar- 
lights, 

Und  ct-sold 

glass,  or  (-•  ••>  tmc, 

but    vanes, 

ornament*,  and  stone  fruit. 
The  fourth  head  presents  the  street- vending 
uiufactures;  ftU«h 

a*  sheetings,  shirtings,  a  variety  of  laces,  tew 


352 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDJN  POOR. 


ing  cotton,  threads  and  tapes,  articles  of  haber- 
dashery and  of  millinery,  artificial  flowers, 
Handkerchiefs,  and  pretended  smuggled  goods. 

Among  the  fifth  class,  or  the  "  miscellaneous" 
street-sellers,  are  those  who  vend  cigars,  pipes, 
tobacco  and  snuff-boxes  and  cigar-cases,  accor- 
dions, spectacles,  hats,  sponge,  combs  and  hair- 
brushes, shirt-buttons  and  coat-studs,  "  lots," 
rhubarb,  wash-leather,  paper-hangings,  dolls, 
Bristol  and  other  toys,  saw-dust,  fire-wood, 
and  pin- cushions. 

There  are  many  other  manufactured  articles 
sold  in  the  streets,  but  their  description  will  be 
more  proper  under  the  head  of  Street  Artisans. 

The  street-sellers  of  manufactured  articles 
presen.,  as  a  body,  so  many  and  often  such 
varying  characteristics,  that  I  cannot  offer  to 
give  a  description  of  them  as  a  whole,  as  I 
have  been  able  to  do  with  other  and  less  diver- 
sified classes. 

Among  them  are  several  distinct  and  peculiar 
street-characters,  such  as  the  pack-men,  who 
carry  their  cotton  or  linen  goods  in  packs  on 
their  backs,  and  are  all  itinerants.  Then  there 
are  duffers,  who  vend  pretended  smuggled  goods, 
handkerchiefs,  silks,  tobacco  or  cigars  ;  also,  the 
sellers  of  sham  sovereigns  and  sham  gold  rings 
for  wagers.  The  crockery- ware  and  glass- sellers 
(known  in  the  street-trade  as  "crocks"),  are 
peculiar  from  their  principle  of  bartering.  They 
will  sell  to  any  one,  but  they  sell  very  rarely, 
and  always  clamour  in  preference  for  an  ex- 
change of  their  wares  for  wearing-apparel  of 
any  kind.  They  state,  if  questioned,  that  their 
reason  for  doing  this  is — at  least  I  heard  the 
statement  from  some  of  the  most  intelligent 
among  them — that  they  do  so  because,  if  they 
"  sold  outright,"  they  required  a  hawker'8 
license,  and  could  not  sell  or  "swop"  so 
cheap. 

Some  of  the  street-sellers  of  manufactured 
articles  are  also  patterers.  Among  these  are 
the  "cheap  Jacks,"  or  "cheap  Johns;"  the 
grease  and  stain  removers;  the  corn-salve  and 
plate-ball  vendors;  the  sellers  of  sovereigns 
and  rings  for  wagers;  a  portion  of  the  lot- 
sellers  ;  and  the  men  who  vend  poison  for 
vermin  and  go  about  the  streets  with  live  rats 
clinging  to,  or  running  about,  their  persons. 

This  class  of  street- sellers  also  includes  many 
of  the  very  old  and  the  very  young ;  the  diseased, 
crippled,  maimed,  and  blind.  These  poor  crea- 
tures sell,  and  sometimes  obtain  a  charitable 
penny,  by  offering  to  sell  such  things  as  boxes  of 
lucifer-matches  ;  cakes  of  blacking  ;  boot,  stay, 
and  other  laces ;  pins,  and  sewing  and  knit- 
ting-needles ;  tapes  ;  cotton  -  bobbins ;  garters  ; 
pincushions;  combs;  nutmeg  -  graters  ;  metal 
skewers  and  meat- hooks ;  hooks  and  eyes  ;  and 
•hirt-buttons. 

The  rest  of  the  class  may  be  described  as 
merely  street-sellers ;  toiling,  struggling,  plod- 
ding, itinerant  tradesmen. 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  MANUFACTURED 
ARTICLES  IN  METAL. 

THESE  street- sellers  are  less  numerous  than 
might  be  imagined,  when  —  according  to  my 
present  division— the  class  is  confined  to  the 
sellers  of  articles  which  they  do  not  manufacture. 
The  metal  wares  thus  sold  I  have  already  enu- 
merated, and  I  have  now  to  describe  the  charac- 
teristics of  the  sellers. 

The  result  of  my  inquiries  leads  me  to  the 
conclusion,  that  the  street- vendors  of  any  article 
which  is  the  product  of  the  skill  of  the  handi- 
craftsman, have  been,  almost  always,  in  their 
first  outset  in  a  street  life,  connected  in  some 
capacity  or  other  with  the  trade,  the  manufac- 
tures of  which  they  vend. 

One  elderly  man,  long  familiar  with  this 
branch  of  the  street-trade,  expressed  to  me  his 
conviction  that  when  a  mechanic  sought  his 
livelihood  in  the  streets,  he  naturally  "gave  his 
mind  to  sell  what  he  understood.  Now,  in  my 
own  case,"  continued  my  informant,  "  I  was 
born  and  bred  a  tinman,  and  when  I  was  driven 
to  a  street-life,  I  never  thought  of  selling  any- 
thing but  tins.  How  could  I,  if  I  wished  to  do 
the  thing  square  and  proper  ? — it  would  be  like 
trying  to  speak  another  language.  If  I'd  started 
on  slippers — and  I  knew  a  poor  man  who  was 
set  up  in  the  streets  by  a  charitable  lady  on  a 
stock  of  gentlemen's  slippers — what  could  I 
have  done  ?  Why,  no  better  than  he  told  me  he 
did.  He  was  a  potter  down  at  Deptford,  and 
knew  of  nothing  but  flower-pots,  and  honey-jars 
for  grocers,  and  them  red  sorts  of  pottery. 
Poor  fellow,  he  might  have  died  of  hunger, 
only  the  cholera  came  quickest.  But  when 
I'm  questioned  about  my  tins,  I'm  my  own 
man ;  and  it's  a  great  thing,  I'm  satisfied,  in  a 
street-trade,  when  there's  so  many  cheap  shops, 
and  the  police  and  all  again  you,  to  under- 
stand the  goods  you're  talking  about." 

This  statement,  I  may  repeat,  is  undoubtedly 
correct,  so  far  as  that  a  "beaten-out"  mechanic, 
when  driven  to  the  streets,  in  the  first  instance 
offers  to  the  public  wares  of  which  he  under- 
stands the  value  and  quality.  Afterwards,  in 
the  experience  or  vagaries  of  a  street-life,  other 
commodities  may  be,  or  may  appear  to  be,  more 
remunerative,  and  for  such  the  mechanic  may 
relinquish  his  first  articles  of  street-traffic. 
"  Why,  sir,"  I  was  told,  "  there  was  one  man 
who  left  razors  for  cabbages ;  'cause  one  day  a 
costermonger  wot  lived  in  the  same  house  with 
him  and  was  taken  ill,  asked  him  to  go  out  with 
a  barrow  of  summer  cabbages — the  costermon- 
ger' s  boy  went  with  him — and  they  went  off  so 
well  that  Joe  [the  former  razor-seller]  managed 
to  start  in  the  costering  line,  he  was  so  encou- 
raged." 

The  street-trade  in  metal  manufactured  arti- 
cles is  principally  itinerant  Perhaps  during 
the  week  upwards  of  three-fourths  of  those 
carrying  it  on  are  itinerant,  while  on  a  Saturday 
ni^ht,  perhaps,  all  are  stationary,  and  almost 
in  the  street-markets.  The  itinerant 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


THE  BLIND  BOOT-LACE  BELLI  U. 


23. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


trade  is  carried  on,  and  chiefly  in  the  suburbs, 
by  men,  women,  and  children ;  but  the  children 
are  always,  or  almost  always,  the  offspring  of 
the  adult  street-sellers. 

The  metal  sold  in  the  street  may  be  divided 
into  street-hardware,  street- tinware,  and  street- 
jewellery.  I  shall  begin  with  the  former. 

The  street-sellers  of  hardware  are,  I  am  as- 
sured, in  number  about  100,  including  single 
men  and  families ;  for  women  "  take  their  share" 
in  the  business,  and  children  sell  smaller  things, 
such  as  snuffers  or  bread-baskets.  The  people 
pursuing  the  trade  are  of  the  class  I  have  above 
described,  with  the  exception  of  some  ten  or 
twelve  who  formerly  made  a  living  as  servants 
to  the  gaming-booths  at  Epsom,  Ascot,  &c.,  &c., 
and  "  managed  to  live  out  of  the  races,  some- 
how, most  of  the  year ;"  since  the  gaming-booths 
have  been  disallowed,  they  have  "  taken  to  the 
street  hardware." 

All  these  street-sellers  obtain  their  supplies 
at  "the  swag-shops;"  of  which  I  shall  speak 
hereaftei.  The  main  articles  of  their  trade  are 
tea-boards,  waiters,  snuffers,  candlesticks,  bread- 
baskets, cheese-trays,  Britannia  metal  tea-pots 
and  spoons,  iron  kettles,  pans,  and  coffee-pots. 
The  most  saleable  things,  I  am  told  by  a  man 
who  has  been  fifteen  years  in  this  and  similar 
street  trades,  are  at  present  18-in.  tea-boards, 
bought  at  "  the  swags"  at  from  10s.  6rf.  a  doz., 
to  4*.  each ;  24-in.  boards,  from  20*.  the  doz.  to 
5«.  each ;  bread-baskets,  4s.  6d.  the  doz. ;  and 
Britannia  metal  tea-pots,  10*.  the  doz.  These 
tea-pots  have  generally  what  is  called  "  loaded 
bottoms ;"  the  lower  part  of  the  vessel  is  "  filled 
with  composition,  so  as  to  look  as  if  there  was 
great  weight  of  metal,  and  as  if  the  pot  would 
melt  for  almost  the  18rf.  which  is  asked  for  it, 
and  very  often  got." 

I  learned  from  the  same  man,  however,  and 
from  others  in  the  trade,  that  it  is  far  more  dif- 
ficult now  than  it  was  a  few  years  ago,  to  sell 
"  rubbish."  There  used  to  be  also,  but  not 
within  these  six  or  eight  years,  a  tolerable  profit 
realised  by  the  street-sellers  of  hardware  in  the 
way  of  "  swop."  It  was  common  to  take  an  old 
metal  article,  as  part  payment  for  a  new  one ; 
and  if  the  old  article  were  of  good  quality,  it 
was  polished  and  tinkered  up  for  sale  in  the 
Saturday  evening  street-markets,  and  often 
"went  off  well."  This  traffic,  however,  has 


ceased  to  exist,  as  regards  the  street- 
sellers  of  hardware,  and  has  been  all  but  mono- 
polised by  the  men  who  barter  "  crocks  "  for 
wearing-apparel,  or  any  old  nict.il.  Some  hard- 
ware-men who  have  become  well  known  on  their 
:  -." — for  the  principal  tradeisin  the  suburbs 
—sell  very  good  wares,  and  at  moderate  j>r 

•  s  a  poor  trade,  sir,  in  the  hardware,"  said 
one  man  car  .  "and  street  trades  are 

I,  for  I've  tried  many  n 

them.     I  was  brought  up  a  clown,  I   may  say ; 
my  father  died  when  I  was  a  child,  snd  I 
have  been  a  ctown  still  but  for  .< 
nipttr  •  ago, — I  can't  nay  how 

,    know  tha:  VM  fifteen,  I 


many  a  time  wished  I  was  dead,  and"  I  have 
many  a  time  since.  Why  the  day  before  yestei- 
day,  from  9  in  the  morning  to  1 1  at  night,  I 
didn't  take  a  farthing.  Some  days  I  don't 
earn  Is.,  and  I  have  a  mother  depending  upon 
me  who  can  do  little  or  nothing.  I'm  a  tee- 
totaller;  if  I  wasn't  we-  shouldn't  have  a  meal 
a  day.  I  never  was  fond  of  drink,  and  if  I'm 
ever  so  weary  and  out  of  sorts,  and  worried 
for  a  meal's  meat,  I  can't  say  I  ever  long  for 
a  drop  to  cheer  me  up.  Sometimes  I  can't 
get  coffee,  let  alone  anything  else.  O,  I  suffer 
terribly.  Day  after  d'ay  1  get  wet  through, 
and  have  nothing  to  take  home  to  my  mother  at 
last.  Our  principal  food  is  bread  and  butter, 
and  tea.  Not  fish  half  so  often  as  many  poor 
people.  I  suppose,  because  we  don't  care  for  it 
I  know  that  our  living,  the  two  of  us,  stands  to 
less  than  Is.  a  day,— not  6d.  a  piece.  Then  I 
have  two  rents  to  pay.  No,  sir,  not  for  two 
places ;  but  I  pay  2s.  a  week  for  a  room,  a  tidy 
bit  of  a  chamber,  furnished,  and  Is.  a  week  rent, 
— I  call  it  rent,  for  a  loan  of  5s.  I've  paid  Is.  a 
week  for  four  weeks  on  it,  and  must  keep  paying 
until  I  can  hand  over  the  5s.,  with  Is.  for  rent 
added  to  it.  all  in  one  sum.  If  I  could  tip  up 
the  5s.  the  day  after  I'd  paid  the  last  week's  Is.,  I 
must  pay  another  shilling.  The  man  who  lends 
does  nothing  else  ;  he  lives  by  lending,  and  by 
letting  out  a  few  barrows  to  costermongers,  and 
other  street-people.  I  wish  I  could  take  a 
farewell  sight  of  them." 

The  principal  traffic  carried  on  by  these 
street-sellers  is  in  the  suburbs.  Women  con- 
stitute their  sole  customers,  or  nearly  so.  Theii 
profits  fluctuate  from  20  per  cent  to  100  per  cent 
The  bread-baskets,  which  they  buy  at  4s.  6</.  the 
doz.,  they  retail  at  6d.  each  ;  for  it  is  very  difficult, 
I  have  frequently  been  told,  to  get  a  price  be- 
tween 6d.  and  Is.  This,  however,  relates  only 
to  those  things  which  are  not  articles  of  actual 
necessity.  Half  of  these  street- sellers,  I  am 
assured,  take  on  an  average  from  20s.  to  25s. 
weekly  the  year  through;  a  quarter  take  15s.. 
and  the  remaining  quarter  from  7s.  (id.  to  10s. 
Calculating  an  average  taking  of  15s.  each  per 
wei  k,  throughout  the  entire  class,  men,  wonu-n 
and  children,  we  find  7801.  expended  in  stnet- 
sold  hardwares.  Ten  years  ago,  I  am  told,  the 
t.ikin^s  were  not  less  than  2,0(M)/. 

The  following  is  an   extract   from  accounts 

kept,  not  long  ago,  by  a  street-seller  of  hard- 

II is  principal  sale  was  snuffers.   kni\ej 

and  forks,  iron  candlesticks,  padlocks,  and  bed- 

II is  stock  cost  him  35*.  on  the  Monday 

morning,  and  his  first  week  was  his  bfst,  whick 

subjoin  :  ,,,(».     l'r«.»it«. 

•y 8*.      3*.  Orf. 

lay 5          23 

Wednesday 4         : 

Thursday  (always  a  slack  day)    3        

r  il.iy  ahout  I  hi- 
docks,  when  people  are  paid)     7         30 

Saturday  Morning  tm    i  I        61 

dO       16  10 
«  I 


356 


LONDON  LABOUA  AND  THF,  LONDON  POOR. 


The  following  is  the  worst  week  in  the  account- 
books.  The  street-seller  after  this  (about  half 
a  year  ago)  sold  his  stock  to  a  small  shopkeeper, 
and  went  into  another  business. 

Receipts.  Profits. 
s.    d.     s.     d. 

Monday  (very  cold)  a  com- 
mon oed-screw    ....     0     4     0     1} 

Tuesday 

Wednesday 1005 

Thursday  (sold  cheap)     ..1103 

Friday 

Saturday 1708 

4015} 

OF  THE  CHEAP  JOHNS,  OR  STREET  HAN- 
SELLERS. 

THIS  class  of  street-salesmen,  who  are  perhaps 
the  largest  dealers  of  all  in  hardware,  are  not  so 
numerous  as  they  were  some  few  years  ago — the 
Excise  Laws,  as  I  have  before  remarked,  having 
interfered  with  their  business.  The  principal 
portion  of  those  I  have  met  are  Irishmen,  who, 
notwithstanding,  generally  "  hail "  from  Shef- 
field, and  all  their  sales  are  effected  in  an  attempt 
at  the  Yorkshire  dialect,  interspersed,  however, 
with  an  unmistakeable  brogue.  The  brogue  is 
the  more  apparent  when  cheap  John  gets  a  little 
out  of  temper — if  his  sales  are  flat,  for  instance, 
he'll  say,  "  By  J — s,  I  don't  belaive  you've  any 
money  with  you,  or  that  you've  lift  any  at  home, 
at  all,  at  all.  Bad  cess  to  you  !  " 

There  are,  however,  many  English  cheap 
Johns,  but  few  of  them  are  natives  of  Sheffield 
or  Birmingham,  from  which  towns  they  inva- 
riably "  hail."  Their  system  of  selling  is  to 
attract  a  crowd  of  persons  by  an  harangue  after 
the  following  fashion  :  "  Here  I  am,  the  original 
cheap  John  from  Sheffield.  I've  not  come  here 
to  get  money ;  not  I ;  I've  come  here  merely 
for  the  good  of  the  public,  and  to  let  you  see 
how  you've  been  imposed  upon  by  a  parcel  of 
pompous  shopkeepers,  who  are  not  content  with 
less  than  100  per  cent  for  rubbish.  They  got 
up  a  petition — which  I  haven't  time  to  read  to 
you  just  now — offering  me  a  large  sum  of  money 
to  keep  away  from  here.  But  no,  I  had  too  much 
friendship  for  you  to  consent,  and  here  I  am, 
cheap  John,  born  without  a  shirt,  one  day  while 
my  mother  was  out,  in  a  haystack  ;  consequently 
I've  no  parish,  for  the  cows  eat  up  mine, 
and  therefore  I've  never  no  fear  of  going  to  the 
workhouse.  I've  more  money  than  the  parson 
of  the  parish — I've  in  this  cart  a  cargo  of  useful 
and  cheap  goods;  can  supply  you  with  any- 
thing, from  a  needle  to  an  anchor.  Nobody  can 
nell  as  cheap  as  me,  seeing  that  I  gets  all  my 
goods  upon  credit,  and  never  means  to  pay  for 
Ihfem.  Now  then,  what  shall  we  begin  with  ? 
Hare's  a  beautiful  guard-chain;  if  it  isn't  sil- 
ver, it's  the  same  colour— I  don't  say  it  isn't 
silver,  nor  I  don't  say  it  is— in  that  affair  use 
your  own  judgment.  Now,  in  the  reg'lar  way 
of  trade,  you  shall  go  into  any  shop  in  town, 
fend  they  will  ask  you  U.  18*.  6d.  for  an  article 


not  half  so  good,  so  what  will  you  say  for  thil 
splendid  chain  ?  Eighteen  and  sixpence  with- 
out the  pound  ?  What,  that's  too  much  !  Well, 
then  say  17,  16,  15,  14,  13,  12,  11,  10  shillings; 
what,  none  of  you  give  ten  shillings  for  thil 
beautiful  article  ?  See  how  it  improves  a  man't 
appearance  "  (hanging  the  chain  round  his  neck). 
"  Any  young  man  here  present  wearing  this  chain 
will  always  be  shown  into  the  parlour  instead 
of  the  tap-room ;  into  the  best  pew  in  church, 
when  he  and— but  the  advantages  the  purchasei 
of  this  chain  will  possess  I  haven't  time  to  tell. 
What!  no  buyers?  Why,  what's  the  matter 
with  ye  ?  Have  you  no  money,  or  no  trains  ? 
But  I'll  ruin  myself  for  your  sakes.  Say  9s. 
for  this  splendid  piece  of  jewellery — 8,  7,  6,  5, 
4,  3,  2,  1— a  shilling,  will  anybody  give  a  shill- 
ing ?  Well,  here  llrf.,  10d.t  9d.,  8d.,  Id.,  Q\d.t 
6d.  I  Is  there  ever  a  buyer  at  sixpence  ?  Now 
I'll  ask  no  more  and  I'll  take  no  less  ;  sell  it  or 
never  sell  it."  The  concluding  words  are  spoken 
with  peculiar  emphasis,  and  after  saying  them 
the  cheap  John  never  takes  any  lower  sum.  A 
customer  perhaps  is  soon  obtained  for  the  guard- 
chain,  and  then  the  vendor  elevates  his  voice : 
"  Sold  to  a  very  respectable  gentleman,  with 
his  mouth  between  his  nose  and  chin,  a  most 
remarkable  circumstance.  I  believe  I've  just 
one  more — this  is  better  than  the  last ;  I  must 
hare  a  shilling  for  this.  Sixpence  ?  To  you, 
sir.  Sold  again,  to  a  gentleman  worth  30.000/. 
a  year;  only  the  right  owner  keeps  him  out 
of  it.  I  believe  I've  just  one  more;  yes, 
here  it  is;  it's  brighterer,  longerer,  strongerer, 
and  betterer  than  the  last  I  must  have  at 
least  tenpence  for  this.  Well  then,  9,  8,  7,  6  ; 
take  this  one  for  a  sixpence.  Sold  again,  to 
a  gentleman,  his  father's  pet  and  his  mother's 
joy.  Pray,  sir,  does  your  mother  know  you're 
out  ?  Well,  I  don't  think  I've  any  more,  but 
I'll  look ;  yes,  here  is  one  more.  Now  this 
is  better  than  all  the  rest  Sold  again,  to  a 
most  respectable  gentleman,  whose  mother  keeps 
a  chandler's  shop,  and  whose  father  turns 
the  mangle."  In  this  manner  the  cheap  John 
continues  to  sell  his  guard-chain,  until  he  has 
drained  his  last  customer  for  that  particular 
commodity.  He  has  always  his  remark  to  make 
relative  to  the  purchaser.  The  cheap  John 
always  takes  care  to  receive  payment  before  he 
hazards  his  jokes,  which  I  need  scarcely  remark 
are  ready  made,  and  most  of  them  ancient  and 
worn  threadbare,  the  joint  property  of  the  whole 
fraternity  of  cheap  Johns.  After  supplying  his 
audience  with  one  particular  article,  he  intro- 
duces another :  "  Here  is  a  carving-knife  and 
fork,  none  of  your  wasters,  capital  buck-horn 
handle,  manufactured  of  the  best  steel,  in  a 
regular  workmanlike  manner ;  fit  for  carving  in 
the  best  style,  from  a  sparrow  to  a  bullock.  I 
don't  ask  7s.  6d.  for  this— although  go  over  to 

Mr. ,  the  ironmonger,  and  he  will  have  the 

impudence  to  ask  you  155.  for  a  worse  article." 
(The  cheap  Johns  always  make  comparisons  aa 
to  their 
sometimes 


eir  own  prices  and  the  shopkeepers,  an 
times  mention  their  names.)     "I  saj  Ai 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


357 


for  the  earring-knife  and  fork.  "Why,  it's  an 
article  that'll  almost  fill  your  children's  bellies 
by  looking  at  it,  and  will  always  make  1  Ib.  of 
beef  go  as  far  as  6  Ib.  carved  by  any  other  knife 
and  fork.  Well,  4*.,  3s.,  2*.,  1*.  llrf.,  Is.  lOrf., 
1*.  9d.,  Is.  8d.,  Is.  Id.,  ISd.  I  ask  no  more,  nor 
I'll  take  no  less."  The  salesman  throughout 
his  variety  of  articles  indulges  in  the  same  jokes, 
and  holds  out  the  same  inducements.  I  give 
a  few. 

44  This  is  the  original  teapot"  (producing 
one),  "  formerly  invented  by  the  Chinese ;  the 
first  that  ever  was  imported  by  those  celebrated 
people — only  two  of  them  came  over  in  three 
ships.  If  I  do  not  sell  this  to-day,  I  intend 
presenting  it  to  the  British  Museum  or  the 
Great  Exhibition.  It  is  mostly  used  for  making 
tea, — sometimes  by  ladies,  for  keeping  a  little 
drop  on  the  sly;  it  is  an  article  constructed 
upon  scientific  principles,  considered  to  require 
a  lesser  quantity  of  tea  to  manufacture  the 
largest  quantity  of  tea-water,  than  any  other 

now  in  use — jA'gei^  patronised  by  the 
tea-totallers.  Now.  liere  s  a  fine  pair  of  bellows! 
Any  of  you  want  to  raise  the  wind  ?  This  is  a 
capital  opportunity,  if  you'I  Try.  I'll  tell  you 
how ;  buy  these  of  me  for  3*.  6<f.,  and  go  and 
pawn  them  for  7s.  Will  yoi  wuy  'em,  sir?  No! 
well,  then,  you  be  blowed  !  Let's  see — I  said 
3*.  6rf. ;  it's  too  little,  but  as  I  have  said  it,  they 
must  go  ;  well— 3*.,"  &c.  &<•  "  Capital  article 
to  chastise  the  children  or  a  orunken  husband. 
Well,  take  'em  for  1*. — I  ask  :to  more,  and  I'll 
tike  IK 

These  men  have  several  ankles  which  they 

such  as  tea-trays,  copper  kettles, 

fire-irons,*  guns,    whips,  to  all  of  which    they 

•ome  preamble;  but  their  most  attractive 
lot  is  a  heap  of  miscellaneous  articles  : — 44  I 
have  here  a  pair  of  scissors;  I  only  want  half- 
a-crown  for  them.  What!  you  won't  give  1*. ? 
well,  I'll  add  something  else.  Here's  a  most 
article — a  knife  with  eight  blades,  and 
there's  not  a  blade  among  you  all  that's  more 
highly  polished.  This  knife's  a  case  of  instru- 
ments in  addition  to  the  blades  ;  here's  a  cork- 
screw, a  button- hook,  a  file,  and  a  picker.  For 
this  capital  knife  and  first-rate  pair  of  scissors 
I  ask  1*.  Well,  well,  you've  no  mor< 
science  than  a  lawyer  ;  here's  something  else 
— a  pocket-book.  This  book  no  gentleman 
should  be  without ;  it  contains  a  diary  f» 
day  in  the  week,  an  almanack,  a  ready-n 
a  tablet  for  your  own  memorandums,  pockets  to 
keep  your  papers,  and  a  splendid  pencil  with  a 
*ilTer  top.  No  buyers!  I'm  astonished;  but 
I'll  add  another  article.  Here's  a  pockt 

>ung   man   with   any   sense 

:  be  without  a  pocket-comb.  What  looks 
worse  than  to  see  a  man's  head  in  an  uproar  ? 

of  you  look  as  if  your  hair  hadn't  seen  a 
1  y  I  shall  get  a  customer 
What!   no  buyers— well  I  i 

:'l  half-a-dozen  of  the  very  brut  I'.r 
nirtal   tea-npoons,   and   if   you  don't    I 

V  tpoons  yourselves.    Why,  you  perfectly 


astonish  me !  I  really  believe  if  I  was  to  offer 
all  in  the  shop,  myself  included,  I  should  not 
draw  Is.  out  of  you.  Well,  I'll  try  again. 
Here,  I'll  add  a  dozen  of  black-lead  pencils. 
Now,  then,  look  at  these  articles  " — (he  spreads 
them  out,  holding  them  between  his  fingers  to 
the  best  advantage) — "  here's  a  pair  of  first- 
rate  scissors,  that  will  almost  cut  of  themselves, 
— this  valuable  knife,  which  comprises  within 
itself  almost  a  chest  of  tools, — a  splendid  pocket- 
book,  which  must  add  to  the  respectability  and 
consequence  of  any  man  who  wears  it, — a  pocket- 
comb  which  possesses  the  peculiar  property  of 
making  the  hair  curl,  and  dyeing  it  any  colour 
you  wish, — a  half-dozen  spoons,  nothing  inferior 
to  silver,  and  that  do  not  require  half  the  usual 
quantity  of  sugar  to  sweeten  your  tea, — and  a 
dozen  beautiful  pencils,  at  least  worth  the 
money  I  ask  for  the  whole  lot  Now,  a 
reasonable  price  for  these  articles  would  be 
at  least  10s.  6d. ;  I'll  sell  them  for  Is.  I  ask 
no  more,  I'll  take  no  less.  Sold  again  !  " 

The  opposition  these  men  display  to  each 
other,  while  pursuing  their  business,  is  mostly 
assumed,  for  the  purpose  of  attracting  a  crowd. 
Sometimes,  when  in  earnest,  their  language  is 
disgusting;  and  I  have  seen  them,  (says  an  in- 
formant), after  selling,  try  and  settle  their  differ- 
ences with  a  game  at  fisticuffs :  but  this  occurred 
but  seldom.  One  of  these  men  had  a  wife  who 
used  to  sell  for  him, — she  was  considered  to  be 
the  best  "  chaffer"  on  the  road ;  not  one  of  them 
could  stand  against  her  tongue  :  but  her  lan- 
guage abounded  with  obscenity.  All  the  "cheap 
Johns"  were  afraid  of  her. 

They  never  under-sell  each  other  (unless  they 
get  in  a  real  passion);  this  but  seldom  happens, 
but  when  it  does  they  are  exceedingly  bitter 
against  each  other.  I  cannot  state  the  language 
they  use,  further  than  that  it  reaches  the  very 
summit  of  blackguardism.  They  have,  ho 
assumed  quarrels,  for  the  purpose  of  holding  a 
crowd  together,  and  chaff  goes  round,  intended 
to  amuse  their  expected  customers. 

"He's  coming  your  way  to-morrow,"  they'll 
say  one  of  the  other,  "mind  and  don't  hang 
your  husbands'  .shirts  to  dry,  ladies,  he's  very 
lucky  at  finding  things  before  they're  lost;  he 
sells  very  cheap,  no  doubt — but  mind,  if  you 
handle  any  of  his  wares,  he  don't  make  you  a 
present  of  a  Scotch  fiddle  for  nothing.  II  I 
hair  looks  as  if  it  had  been  cut  with  a  knife  and 
fork." 

The    Irishmen,    in  these  displays,    generally 

.'•  best  of   it;    indeitl,  most  of  (heir  jok<~s 

haveoriginateil  with  the  Irishmen,  who  complain 

<  s  of  other   "  cheap  Johns' 

•GOD  a*  the  joke  is  uttered  it  is  the  properly  «>f 
•Minonwcalth,  and  not  unfrcqucr.tly  used 
•  tin-  inventor  half  an  hour  after  its  first 

.em  are  not  over  particular  as  to 
the  respectability  of  their  transactions.     I  r-  col- 
lect one  purchasing  a  brick  at   Slullield;   tin 
brick  wa<  packed  up  in  papei. 
on  thf  ou'-.<ic,  u  appeared  like  a  package  of 


858 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


knives,  containing  several  dozens.  The  "  cheap 
John  "  made  out  that  he  bought  them  as  stolen 
property  ;  the  biter  was  deservedly  bitten.  A 
few  of  the  fraternity  are  well-known  "  Fences," 
and  some  of  them  pursue  the  double  calling  of 
"  cheap  John  "  and  gambler — keeping  gambling 
tables  at  races.  However  the  majority  are 
hard  working  men,  who  unite  untiring  industry 
with  the  most  indomitable  perseverance,  for  the 
laudable  purpose  of  bettering  their  condition. 

I  believe  the  most  successful  in  the  line  have 
worked  their  way  up  from  nothing,  gaining  ex- 
perience as  they  proceeded.  I  have  known  two 
or  three  start  the  trade  with  plenty  of  stock,  but, 
wanting  the  tact,  they  have  soon  been  knocked 
off' the  road.  There  is  a  great  deal  of  judgment 
required  in  knowing  the  best  fairs,  and  even 
when  there,  as  to  getting  a  good  stand  ;  and 
these  matters  are  to  be  acquired  only  by  prac- 
tice. 

In  the  provinces,  and  in  Scotland,  there  may 
be  100  "  cheap  Johns,"  or,  as  they  term  them- 
selves, "  Han-sellers."  They  are  generally  a  most 
persevering  body  of  men,  and  have  frequently 
risen  from  small  hawkers  of  belts,  braces,  &c. 
Their  receipts  are  from  51.  to  30/.  per  day,  their 
profits  from  20  to  25  per  cent. ;  20/.  is  con- 
sidered a  good  day's  work ;  and  they  can  take 
about  three  fairs  a  week  during  the  summer 
months.  "  I  have  known  many  of  these  men," 
a  man  well  acquainted  with  them  informs  me, 
"  who  would  walk  20  miles  to  a  fair  during  the 
night,  hawk  the  public-houses  the  whole  of  the 
day,  and  start  again  all  night  for  a  fair  to  be 
held  20  miles  off  upon  the  following  day.  I 

knew  two  Irish  lads,  named ,  and  I  watched 

their  progress  with  some  interest.  Each  had 
a  stock  of  goods  worth  a  few  shillings  ;  and 
now  each  has  a  wholesale  warehouse, — one  at 
Sheffield,  in  the  cutlery  line,  and  the  other  at 
Birmingham,  in  general  wares." 

The  goods  the  han-seller  disposes  of  are  mostly 
purchased  at  Sheffield  and  Birmingham.  They 
purchase  the  cheapest  goods  they  can  obtain. 
Many  of  the  han-sellers  have  settled  in  various 
parts  of  England  as  "  swag-shop  keepers."  There 
are  two  or  three  in  London,  I  am  told,  who  have 
done  so ;  one  in  the  Kent-road,  a  large  concern, 
— the  others  I  am  not  aware  of  their  locality. 
Their  mode  of  living  while  travelling  is  rather 
peculiar.  Those  who  have  their  caravans,  sleep 
in  them,  some  with  their  wives  and  families ;  they 
have  a  man,  or  more  generally  a  boy,  to  look 
after  the  horse,  and  other  drudgery,  and  some- 
times at  a  fair,  to  hawk,  or  act  as  a  button 
(a  decoy),  to  purchase  the  first  lot  of  goods  put 
up.  This  boy  is  accommodated  with  a  bed  made 
between  the  wheels  of  the  cart  or  wagon,  with 
some  old  canvas  hung  round  to  keep  the  weather 
out — not  the  most  comfortable  quarters,  perhaps, 
— but,  as  they  say,  "  it's  nothing  when  you're 
used  to  it"  Tne  packing -up  occurs  when 
there's  no  more  chance  of  effecting  sales ;  the 
horse  is  put  to,  and  the  caravan  proceeds  on 
the  road  towards  the  next  town  intended  to  visit 
After  a  sufficient  days'  travel,  the  "  cheap 


John"  looks  out  for  a  spot  to  encamp  for  the 
night  A  clear  stream  of  water,  and  provender 
for  the  horse,  are  indispensable ;  or  perhaps  the 
han-seller  has  visited  that  part  before,  and  is 
aware  of  the  halting-place.  After  having  re- 
leased the  horse,  and  secured  his  fore-feet,  ao 
that  he  cannot  stray,  the  next  process  is  to  look 
for  sonu  crack  (some  dry  wood  to  light  a  fire); 
this  is  the  boy's  work.  He  is  told  not  to  despoil 
hedges,  or  damage  fences :  "  cheap  John  "  doesn't 
wish  to  offend  the  fanners ;  and  during  his  tem- 
porary sojourn  in  the  green  lanes,  he  frequently 
has  some  friendly  chat  with  the  yeomen  and 
their  servants,  sometimes  disposes  of  goods,  and 
often  barters  for  a  piece  of  fat  bacon  or  potatoes. 
A  fire  is  lighted  between  the  shafts  of  the  cart, 
— a  stick  placed  across,  upon  which  is  suspended 
the  cookery  utensil.  When  the  meal  is  con- 
cluded, the  parties  retire  to  bed, — the  master 
within  the  caravan,  and  the  boy  to  his  chamber 
between  the  wheels.  Sometimes  they  breakfast 
before  they  proceed  on  their  journey ;  at  other 
times  they  travel  a  few  miles  first. 

Those  who  have  children  bring  them  up  in 
such  a  manner  as  may  be  imagined  con- 
sidering their  itinerant  life :  but  there  are  very 
few  who  have  families  travelling  with  them; 
though  in  most  cases  a  wife ;  generally  the 
children  of  the  "  cheap  John  "  are  stationary, 
either  out  at  nurse  or  with  relatives. 

Some  of  the  "  cheap  Johns"  have  wagons 
upon  four  wheels,  others  have  carts  ;  but  both 
are  fitted  up  with  a  wooden  roof.  The  proprie- 
tor invariably  sleeps  within  his  portable  house, 
both  for  the  protection  of  his  property  and  also 
upon  the  score  of  economy.  The  vans  with 
four  wheels  answer  all  the  purposes  of  a  habi- 
tation. The  furniture  consists  of  a  bed  placed 
upon  boxes,  containing  the  stock  in  trade.  The 
bed  extends  the  whole  width  of  the  vehicle, 
about  6  ft.  6  in.,  and  many  generally  extend  abou 
5  ft  into  the  body  of  the  van,  and  occupies  the 
farthest  end  of  the  machine  from  the  door, — 
which  door  opens  out  upon  the  horse.  The 
four-wheeled  vans  are  12ft.  long,  and  the  two- 
wheeled  carts  9  ft  During  business  hours  the 
whole  of  the  articles  most  likely  to  be  wanted 
are  spread  out  upon  the  bed,  and  the  assistant 
(either  the  wife  or  a  boy)  hands  them  out  as  tn« 
salesman  may  require  them.  The  furniture,  in 
addition  to  the  bed,  is  very  scarce  ;  indeed  they 
are  very  much  averse  to  carry  more  than  is  really 
necessary.  The  pail,  the  horse  takes  his  corn  at  d 
beans  from  (I  don't  know  why,  but  they  never 
use  nose- bags,)  serves  the  purpose  of  a  wash- 
hand  basin  or  a  washing-tub.  It  is  generally 
painted  the  same  colour  as  the  van,  with  the 
initials  of  the  proprietor  painted  upon  it,  and, 
when  travelling,  hangs  upon  a  hook  under  the 
machine.  They  mostly  begin  with  a  two- 
wheeled  machine,  and  if  successful  a  four- 
wheeler  follows.  The  tables  and  chairs  are  the 
boxes  in  which  the  goods  are  packed.  A  tea- 
kettle and  saucepan,  and  as  lew  delf  articiei 
as  possible,  and  corner-cupboan'i,  a:iJ  these 
comprise  the  whole  of  the  furniture  of  the  van. 


ILLUSTRATIONS  OF  STREET  ART.— No.  I. 


ILLUSTRATIONS  OF  STREET  ART.— No.  II. 


ILLUSTRATIONS  OF  STREET  ART.— No.  IIL 


MR.  PATRICK 


ILLUSTRATIONS  TO  STREET  BALLADS. 


AMOROUS  WATElMAn 

Of  8t.  John's  Wood. 
Thfc  U  eridenllj  •  rude  a*»jr  of  Uwrroce't  pktarr  of  Gcorf*  UK  I 


ILLUSTRATIONS  OF  STREET  ART.— No.  IV. 


THE   QUEEN'S  GLORlOJS  IPEE-H. 


The  Heart  that  can  feel  for  Another 


THIS  BEAU.  ' Broken  Hearted  Gardener. 

*  This  originally  was  an  illustration  to  '-Thnmp'eui  the  Drummer"  in  one  of  Fairbura's  Song-bo 


f.ONDOX  LABOUR  JND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


In  the  four-wheeled  wagons  there  is  always  a 
fire-place  similar  to  those  the  captains  of  ships 
have  in  their  cahius,  but  in  the  two- wheeled 
carts  fire-places  are  dispensed  with.  These  are 
mostly  brass  ones,  and  are  kept  very  bright ; 
for  the  "  cheap  Johns"  are  proud  of  their  van 
and  its  contents.  They  are  always  gaudily 
painted,  sometimes  expensively ;  indeed  they 
are  most  expensive  articles,  ami  cost  from  807. 
The  principal  person  for  making 
machines  is  a  Mr.  Davidson  of  Leeds. 
The  showman's  caravans  are  still  more  ex-, 
;  the  last  purchased  by  the  late  Mr. 
Womhwell  cost  more  than  3007.,  and  is  really  a 
curiosity.  He  termed  it,  as  all  showmen  do 
—  the  living  wagon  ;  viz.  to  live  in — it  has  par- 
lour and  kitchen,  and  is  fitted  up  most  hand- 
somely ;  its  exterior  presents  the  appearance  of 
a  first-class  railway-carriage.  The  front  exterior 
of  the  van  during  the  trading  operations  of  the 
"cheap  Johns,"  is  hung  round  with  guns,  saws, 
lea-trays,  bridles,  whips,  centre-bits,  and  other 
articles,  displayed  to  the  best  advantage.  The 
name  of  the  proprietor  is  always  prominently 
displayed  along  the  whole  side  of  the  vehicle, 
idiied  to  which  is  a  signification  that  he  is  a 
xholesale  hardwareman,  from  Sheffield,  York- 
shire, or  Birmingham,  Warwickshire,  and  some- 
times an  extra  announcement. 

"  The  original  cheap  John." 
I  do  not  know  any  class  of  men  who   are 
more  fond  of  the  good  things  of  this  life  than 
.:mer,   during  u  t;ur,   w 

generally  eaten  upon  the  platform  outside  his 
Tan,  where  ;.  I,   and  inva- 

riably consists  of  a  joint  of  baked  meat  and 
potatoes — that  is  where  they  can  get  a  dinner 
baked.  As  little  time  as  possible  is  occupied 
in  eating,  especially  if  trade  is  good.  At  a  hill 
fair  (that  is  where  the  fair  is  held  upon  a  hill 
;om  a  town),  a  fire  is  made  behind  the 
cart,  the  pot  is  suspended  upon  three  sticks, 
and  dinner  prepared  in  the  usual  camp 
fashion.  The  wife  or  boy  superintends  this. 
Tea  and  coffee  also  generally  find  their  way  to 
their  table ;  and  if  there's  no  cold  meat  a  plentiful 
supply  of  bacon,  beef- steaks,  eggs,  or  some- 
thing in  the  shape  of  a  relish,  seem  to  be  with 
••  John"  indispensable.  His  man  or 
boy  (if  John  (1)  appears  to  \» 

an  equality  with  t:  depart- 

•nt  ;   he  is    not  allowanced,    neither  has  he  to 
wait  until  his  superior  has  finished. 
as  quick  as  you  can  seems  to  be  the  chief  ob- 
ject.    1  MI  the  circumstance  i  : 
.  and  consequently  always 
r  possession,  the 
ive  time  on  their  hand*,  arc  • 
the  sports  of  the  field,  and  many  a  bar 
ha  way                     imp-kettle  of  "  cheap  .' 
•            not  say  that  they  practise  this  itport  with 

.ing  tow.ini 

law* ;  but   they  are  ca- 
such  ai  i          r  heard  of  one  get- 

»  Into  a  1, 


During  the  winter  (since  the  "  cheap  Johi>  " 
has  been  obliged  to  become  a  licensed  auc- 
tioneer), some  of  them  take  shops  and  sell  their 
goods  by  auction,  or  get  up  mock-auctions.  I 
have  been  told  by  them  that  sometimes  its  a 
better  game  than  "  han-sellintr." 

The  commencement  of  the  "  cheap  John's  " 
season  is  at  Lynn  in  Norfolk  ;  there  is  a  mart 
there  commencing  14th  February,  it  continue1 
fourteen  days.  After  this,  there  is  Wisbeach, 
Spalding,  Grantham,  and  other  marts  in  Nor- 
folk and  Lincolnshire ;  which  bring  them  up  to 
Easter.  At  Easter  there  are  many  fairs — Man- 
chester, Knott  Mill,  Blackburn,  Darlington, 
Newcastle,  &c.,  &c.  The  "  cheap  Johns  "  then 
disperse  themselves  through  different  parts  of 
the  country.  Hill-fairs  are  considered  the  best ; 
that  is  cattle-fairs,  where  there  are  plenty  of 
farmers  and  country  people.  Hirings  for  ser- 
vants are  next  to  them.  It  may  appear  curious, 
but  Sheffield  and  Birmingham  fairs  are  two  of 
the  best  for  the  "cheap  John's"  business  in 
England.  There  are  two  fairs  at  each  place 
during  the  year.  Sheffield,  at  Whitsuntide  and 
November ;  Birmingham,  Whitsuntide  and 
September.  Nottingham,  Derby,  Leeds,  New- 
castle, Bristol,  Glasgow — in  fact,  where  the 
greatest  population  is,  the  chances  for  business 
are  considered  the  best,  and  if  I  may  judge 
from  the  number  of  traders  in  this  line,  who 
attend  the  largest  towns,  I  shonld  say  they  suc- 
ceed better  than  in  smaller  towns. 

If  we  calculate  that  there  are  100  " 
Johns  "in  London  and  in  the  country,  and  they 
are  more  or  less  itinerant,  and  that  they  each 
take  47.  per  day  for  nine  months  in  the  year,  or 
217.  per  wrc-k;  this  amounts  to  2,4007.  per  week, 
or  about  90,0007.  in  nine  months.  Supposing 
their  profits  to  be  20  per  cent,  it  would  leave 
18,0007.  clear  income.  Say  that  during  the 
winter  there  are  sevuity-five  following  the  busi- 
ness, and  that  their  receipts  amount  to  157.  each 
per  week,  this  amounts  to  3,5007.  additional  ; 
and,  at  the  rate  of  20  per  cent,  profit,  comes, 
to  7007., — making  throughout  the  year  the 
profits  of  the  100  "cheap  Johns"  25,0007.,  or 
2507.  a  man. 

The   "cheap   Johns"    seldom    frequent    the 
crowded  thoroughfares  of  London.     Their  usua7. 
pitches  in  the  metropolis  are,  King's-cn 
George's-in-tlu-Kast,  Stepney,  round  about  the 
.  .    Kennington,  and 

such  like  places. 

Tm:  CRIPPLED  STREET-SELLER  OF  NUT- 
MEG-GRATERS. 

I   now  give   an  «  f  the  clause* 

driven  to  the  streets  by  utter  inability  to  labour. 
u  of  the  sterling   inde- 
pendence of  Mum-  of  these  men   possessing  the 
strong.  •  <»ur  sympathy  and   ( 

n  bfg.      As  I 
said  bt !  :gars  certainly  u»e 

alms-seek  i  i 
as  certainly 

se  it  as  a  n  a  from 


*G4 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


beggary.  That  the  nutmeg-grater  Keller  is  a 
noble  example  of  the  latter  class,  I  have  not  the 
least  doubt.  I  havs  made  all  due  inquiries  to 
satisfy  myself  as  to  his  worthiness,  and  I  feel  con- 
vinced that  when  the  reader  looks  at  the  portrait 
here  given,  and  observes  how  utterly  helpless  the 
poor  fellow  is,  and  then  reads  the  following  plain 
unvarnished  tale,  he  will  marvel  like  me,  not  only 
at  the  fortitude  which  could  sustain  him  under  all 
his  heavy  afflictions,  but  at  the  resignation  (not  to 
say  philosophy)  with  which  he  bears  them  every 
one.  His  struggles  to  earn  his  own  living  (not- 
withstanding lus  physical  incapacity  even  to  put 
the  victuals  to  his  mouth  after  he  has  earned 
them),  are  instances  of  a  nobility  of  pride  that 
are  I  believe  without  a  parallel.  The  poor 
creature's  legs  and  arms  are  completely  withered; 
indeed  he  is  scarcely  more  than  head  and  trunk. 
His  thigh  is  hardly  thicker  than  a  child's  wrist 
His  hands  are  bent  inward  from  contraction  of 
the  sinews,  the  fingers  being  curled  up  and  al- 
most as  thin  as  the  claws  of  a  bird's  foot  He 
is  unable  even  to  stand,  and  cannot  move  from 
place  to  place  but  on  his  knees,  which  are  shod 
with  leather  caps,  like  the  heels  of  a  clog,  strap- 
ped round  the  joint;  the  soles  of  his  boots  are 
on  the  upper  leathers,  that  being  the  part  always 
turned  towards  the  ground  while  he  is  crawling 
along.  His  countenance  is  rather  handsome 
than  otherwise ;  the  intelligence  indicated  by  his 
ample  forehead  is  fully  borne  out  by  the  testimony 
as  to  his  sagacity  in  his  business,  and  the  mild 
expression  of  his  eye  by  the  statements  as  to  his 
feeling  for  all  others  in  affliction. 

"  I  sell  nutmeg-graters  and  funnels,"  said  the 
cripple  to  me;  "I  sell  them  at  Id.  and  l|rf.  a 
piece.  I  get  mine  of  the  man  in  whose  house  I 
live.  He  is  a  tinman,  and  makes  for  the  street- 
trade  and  shops  and  all.  I  pay  Id.  a  dozen  for 
them,  and  I  get  l"2d.  or  18rf.  a  dozen,  if  I  can 
when  I  sell  them,  but  I  mostly  get  only  a  penny 
a  piece — it's  quite  a  chance  if  I  have  a  customer 
at  1  Jrf.  Some  days  I  sell  only  three — some  days 
not  one — though  I'm  out  from  ten  o'clock  till  six. 
The  most  I  ever  took  was  3s.  6d.  in  a  day.  Some 
weeks  I  hardly  clear  my  expenses — and  they're 
between  7*.  and  85.  a  week ;  for  not  being  able  to 
dress  and  ondress  myself,  I'm  obligated  to  pay 
some  one  to  do  it  for  me — I  think  I  don't  clear 
more  than  7s.  a  week  take  one  week  with  another. 
When  I  don't  make  that  much,  I  go  without — 
sometimes  friends  who  are  kind  to  me  give  me 
a  trifle,  or  else  I  should  starve.  As  near  as  I 
can  judge,  I  take  about  15s.  a  week,  and  out  of 
that  I  clear  about  6s.  or  7*.  I  pay  for  my 
meals  as  I  have  them— 3d.  or  4rf.  a  meal.  I 
pay  every  night  for  my  lodging  as  I  go  in,  if 
1  can ;  but  if  not  my  landlady  lets  it  run  a 
night  or  two.  I  give  her  Is.  a  week  for  my 
washing  and  looking  after  me,  and  Is.  6d.  for 
my  lodging.  When  I  do  very  well  I  have 
three  meals  a  day,  but  it's  oftener  only  two — 
breakfast  and  supper — u  iless  of  Sunday.  On 
a  wet  day  when  I  can't  get  out,  I  often  go 
without  food.  1  may  have  a  bit  of  bread  and 
feutter  give  me,  but  that's  all — then  I  lie  a- bed. 


I  feel  miserable  enough  when  I  see  the  rain 
come  down  of  a  week  day,  I  can  tell  you.     Ali^  ' 
it  i«  very  miserable  indeed    lying  in    bed  all 
day,  and  in  a  lonely  room,  without  perhaps  a  j 
person  to  come  near  one — helpless  as   I   am — 
and  hear  the  rain  beat  against  the  windows,  and  i 
all  that  without  nothing  to  put  in  your  lips,  j 
I've    done    that  over  and  over  again  where    I  , 
lived   before ;    but  where  I  am  now  I'm  more  ; 
comfortable  like.    My  breakfast  is  mostly  bread  j 
and  butter  and  tea :  and  my  supper,  bread  and 
butter  and  tea  with  a  bit  of  fish,  or  a  small  bit 
of  meat.     What  my  landlord  and  landlady  has 
I  share  with  them.     I  never  break  my  fast  from 
the  time  I  go  out  in  the  morning  till  I  come 
home — unless  it  is  a  halfpenny  orange  I  buy  in 
the  street ;  I  do  that  when  I  feel  faint     I  have 
only  been  selling  in  the  streets  since  this  last 
winter.     I  was  in  the  workhouse  with  a  fever 
all  the  summer.    I  was  destitute  afterwards,  and 
obliged   to   begin  selling  in   the   streets.     The 
Guardians   gave  me  5s.  to   get   stock.     I   had 
always  dealt  in  tin  ware,  so  I  knew  where  to  go 
to  buy  my  things.     It's  very  hard  work  indeed 
is  street-selling  for  such  as  me.     I  can't  walk 
no  distance.    I  suffer  a  great  deal  of  pains  in  my 
back  and  knees.     Sometimes  I  go  in  a  barrow, 
when   I'm   travelling  any   great   way.      When 
I  go  only  a  short  way  I   crawl  along  on  my 
knees  and  toes.     The  most  I've  ever  crawled  ia 
two  miles.     When  I  get  home  afterwards,  I'm 
in  great  pain.     My  knees  swell  dreadfully,  and 
they're  all  covered   with  blisters,  and  my  toes 
ache  awful.     I've  corns  all  on  top  of  them. 

"  Often  after  I've  been  walking,  my  limbs  and 
back  ache  so  badly  that  I  can  get  no  sleep. 
Across  my  lines  it  feels  as  if  I'd  got  some  great 
weight,  and  my  knees  are  in  a  heat,  and  throb, 
and  feel  as  if  a  knife  was  running  into  them. 
When  1  go  up-stairs  I  have  to  crawl  upon  the 
back  of  my  hands  and  my  knees.  I  can't  lift 
nothing  to  my  mouth.  The  sinews  of  my  hands 
is  all  contracted.  I  am  obliged  to  have  things 
held  to  my  lipe  for  me  to  drink,  like  a  child.  I 
can  use  a  knife  and  fork  by  leaning  my  arm  on 
the  table  and  then  stooping  my  head  to  it.  I 
can't  wash  nor  ondress  myself.  Sometimes  I 
think  of  my  helplessness  a  great  deal.  The 
thoughts  of  it  used  to  throw  me  into  fits  at  one 
time— very  bad.  It's  the  Almighty's  will  that 
I  am  so,  and  I  must  abide  by  it  People  says,  as 
they  passes  me  in  the  streets,  '  Poor  fellow,  it'i 
a  shocking  thing ;'  but  very  seldom  they  does 
any  more  than  pity  me ;  some  lays  out  a  half- 
penny or  a  penny  with  me,  but  the  most  of  'em 
goes  on  about  their  business.  Persons  looks  at 
me  a  good  bit  when  I  go  into  a  strange  place. 
I  do  feel  it  very  much,  that  I  haven't  the  power 
to  get  my  living  or  to  do  a  thing  for  myself,  but 
I  never  begged  for  nothing.  I'd  sooner  starve 
than  I'd  do  that  I  never  thought  that  people 
whom  God  had  given  the  power  to  help  tlieir- 
selves  ought  to  help  me.  I  have  thought  that 
I'm  as  I  am — obliged  to  go  on  my  hands  and 
knees,  from  no  fault  of  my  own.  Ofton  I'T« 
done  that,  and  I've  over  and  over  again  laid  in 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON   Oo/t 


365 


bed  and  wondered  why  the  Almighty  should 
•end  me  into  the  world  in  such  a  state ;  often 
I've  done  that  on  a  wet  day,  with  nothing  to 
eat,  and  no  friend  to  come  a-nigh  me.  When 
I've  gone  along  the  streets,  too,  and  been  in 
pain,  I've  thought,  as  I've  seen  the  people  pass 
straight  up,  with  all  the  use  of  their  limbs,  and 
iome  of  them  the  biggest  blackguards,  cussing 
and  swearing,  I've  thought,  Why  should  I  be 
deprived  of  the  use  of  mine  ?  and  I've  felt  angry 
like,  and  perhaps  at  that  moment  I  couldn't 
bring  my  mind  to  believe  the  Almighty  was  so 
good  and  merciful  as  I'd  heard  say  ;  but  then 
in  a  minute  or  two  afterwards  I've  prayed  to 
Him  to  make  me  better  and  happier  in  the  next 
world.  I've  always  been  led  to  think  He's 
afflicted  me  as  He  has  for  some  wise  purpose  or 
another  that  I  can't  see.  I  think  as  mine  is  so 
hard  a  life  in  this  world,  I  shall  be  better  off  in 
the  next  Often  when  I  couldn't  afford  to  pay  a 
boy,  I've  not  had  my  boots  off  for  four  or  five 
nights  and  days,  nor  my  clothes  neither.  Give 
me  the  world  I  couldn't  take  them  off  myself, 
and  then  my  feet  has  swollen  to  that  degree 
that  I've  been  nearly  mad  with  pain,  and  I've 
been  shivering  and  faint,  but  still  I  was  obliged 
to  go  out  with  my  things;  if  I  hadn't  I  should 
have  starved.  Such  as  I  am  can't  afford  to 
be  ill — it's  only  rich  folks  as  can  lay  up,  not 
we  ;  for  us  to  take  to  our  beds  is  to  go  with- 
out food  altogether.  When  I  was  without 
never  a  boy,  I  used  to  tie  the  wet  towel  round 
the  back  of  one  of  the  chairs,  and  wash  myself 
by  rubbing  my  face  up  against  it  I've  been 
two  days  without  a  hit  of  anything  passing 
between  my  lips.  I  couldn't  go  and  beg  tor 
victuals— I'd  rather  go  without  Then  I  used 
to  feel  faint,  and  my  head  used  to  ache  dreadful. 
I  used  then  to  drink  a  plenty  of  water.  The 
women  sex  is  mostly  more  kinder  to  me  than 
the  men.  Some  of  the  men  fancies,  as  I  goes 
•hat  I  can  walk.  They  often  says  to  me, 
the  sole  of  your  boot  is  as  muddy  as 
and  one  on  'em  is,  because  I  always 
i  rests  myself  on  that  foot — the  other  sole,  you 
Me,  is  as  clean  as  when  it  was  first  made.  The 
women  never  seem  frightened  on  me.  My  trade 
I  is  to  sell  brooms  and  brushes,  and  all  kinds  of 
and  tin-ware.  I  learnt  it  myself.  I 
never  was  brought  up  to  nothing,  because  I 
|  couldn't  use  my  hands.  Mother  was  a  cook 
a  nobleman's  family  when  I  were  bom.  They 

as  I  was  a  love-child.     I  was  not  \n 
|  up    by    mother,    but    by    one    of    her    1 

ra»u.       Mother's    intellects   was    so    weak, 
the  couldn't  have  me  with  her.     She  used 
fret  a  great  deal  about  me,  ao  In  r  fellow 
•vant  took  me  when  she  got  married.     After 
MI,    motkcr    married    a    fanner   in 
llmg  circumstance*.    They  tell  me  as  my 
?r  was  frightened  afore    I  was   bor 
knew  my  latin  r.    !!•   w  i.t  over  to  Buonos 
lyrei.   and   kept  an    hotel    there       i 

icr  say  a*  much.      No  mother  couldn't  love 
child  more  than  mine  did  me,  but  her  f« 
•uch  <he  couldn't  bear  to  see  me.     I  never 


went  to  mother's  to  live,  but  was  brought  up  by 
the  fellow-servant  as  I've  told  you  of.  Mother 
allowed  her  301.  a-year.  I  was  with  her  till  two 
years  back.  She  was  always  very  kind  to  me — 
treated  me  like  one  of  her  own.  Mother  used  to 
come  and  see  me  about  once  a-year — sometimes 
not  so  often:  she  was  very  kind  to  me  then. 
Oh,  yes ;  I  used  to  like  to  see  her  very  much. 
Whatever  I  wished  for  she'd  let  me  have ;  if  I 
wrote  to  her,  she  always  sent  me  what  I  wanted. 
I  was  very  comfortably  then.  Mother  died  four 
years  ago ;  and  when  I  lost  her  I  fell  into  a  fit 
— I  was  told  of  it  all  of  a  sudden.  She  and  the 
party  as  I  was  brought  up  with  was  the  only 
friends  as  I  had  in  the  world — the  only  persons 
as  cared  anything  about  a  creature  like  me. 
I  was  in  a  fit  for  hours,  and  when  I  came  to, 
I  thought  what  would  become  of  me :  I  knew 
I  could  do  nothing  for  myself,  and  the  only 
friend  as  I  had  as  could  keep  me  was  gone. 
The  person  as  brought  me  up  was  very  good, 
and  said,  while  she'd  got  a  home  I  should 
never  want  ;  but,  two  years  after  mother's 
death,  she  was  seized  with  the  cholera,  and 
then  I  hadn't  a  friend  left  in  the  world. 
When  she  died  I  felt  ready  to  kill  myself; 
I  was  all  alone  then,  and  what  could  I  do 
—  cripple  as  I  was  1  She  thought  her 
sons  and  daughters  as  I'd  been  brought  up 
with  —  like  brothers  and  sisters — would  look 
after  me ;  but  it  was  not  in  their  power  — 
they  was  only  hard-working  people.  My 
mother  used  to  allow  so  much  a  year  for  my 
schooling,  and  I  can  read  and  write  pretty  well." 
(He  wrote  his  name  in  my  presence  kneeling 
at  the  table;  holding  the  pen  almost  as  one 
might  fancy  a  bird  would,  and  placing  the 
paper  sideways  instead  of  straight  before  him.) 
"  While  mother  was  alive-.  1  \v;is  always  foraging 
about  to  learn  something  unbeknown  to  her. 
I  wanted  to  do  so,  in  case  mother  should  leave 
me  without  the  means  of  getting  a  living.  I 
used  to  buy  old  bedsteads,  and  take  them  to 
a  man,  and  get  him  to  repair  them,  and  then 
I'd  put  the  sacking  on  myself;  I  can  hold  a 
hammer  somehow  in  my  right  hand  I  used  to 
polish  them  on  my  knees.  I  made  a  bench 
to  my  height  out  of  two  old  chairs.  I  r 
know  what  I  should  get  for  the  bedsteads,  and 
so  could  tell  what  I  could  afford  to  give  tin- 
man to  do  n]>  the  parts  as  I  couldn't  manage. 
It  was  SO  I  got  to  learn  something  like  a  busi- 
'^  hen  the  IKT-OM  died  as  had 
brought  me  uj>,  I  could  do  a  little  ;  I  had  then 

means.  Before  her  death  I  had  op.  ned 
a  kind  of  shop  for  things  in  the  general  line  ,  1 
sold  tin-ware,  and  brass-work,  and  candlesticks, 

-irons,  and  all  old  furniture,  and  gown- 
prints  ax  well.  I  went  into  the  tally  business, 
and  that  ruined  me  altogi -tin  r.  I  «>uldn't  get 
my  in-  re's  a  good  deal  owing  to  me 

now.     Me  and  a  boy  used  to  manage  the  whole. 
I    used   to  make   all    my   account-books    and 
everything.      My   lodgers  didn't  pay  me   my 
I   I   had   t"  hou.se,  and 

what  stock  I  had.     In  my  new  lodging 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


[  went  on  as  well  as  I  could  for  a  little  while  ; 
but  about  eighteen  months  ago  I  could  hold  on 
no  longer.  Then  I  borrowed  a  little,  and  went 
hawking  tin-ware  and  brushes  in  the  country. 
I  sold  baking-dishes,  Dutch  ovens,  roasting- 
iacks,  skewers  and  gridirons,  teapots,  and  sauce- 
pans, and  combs.  I  used  to  exchange  some- 
times for  old  clothes.  I  had  a  barrow  and  a 
boy  with  me ;  I  used  to  keep  him,  and  give  him 
Is.  a  week.  I  managed  to  get  just  a  living 
that  way.  When  the  winter  came  on  I  gave  it 
up  ;  it  was  too  cold.  After  that  I  was  took  bad 
with  a  fever ;  my  stock  had  been  all  gone  a 
little  while  before,  and  the  boy  had  left  because 
I  couldn't  keep  him,  and  I  had  to  do  all  for 
myself.  All  my  friends  was  dead,  and  I  had  no 
one  to  help  me,  so  I  was  obligated  to  lay  about 
all  night  in  my  things,  for  I  couldn't  get  them 
off  alone  ;  and  that  and  want  of  food  brought  on 
a  fever.  Then  I  was  took  into  the  workhouse, 
and  there  I  stopped  all  the  summer,  as  I  told 
you.  I  can't  say  they  treated  me  bad,  but 
they  certainly  didn't  use  me  well.  If  I  could 
have  worked  after  I  got  better,  I  could  have 
had  tea ;  but  'cause  I  couldn't  do  nothing,  they 
gave  me  that  beastly  gruel  morning  and  night. 
I  had  meat  three  times  a  week.  They  would 
have  kept  me  there  till  now,  but  I  would  die  in 
the  streets  rather  than  be  a  pauper.  So  I  told 
them,  if  they  would  give  me  the  means  of 
getting  a  stock,  I  would  try  and  get  a  living 
for  myself.  After  refusing  many  times  to  let  me 
have  10s..  they  agreed  to  give  me  5s.  Then  I 
r.uiK-  out,  but  1  iiiici  110  hoiuf,  and  so  1  civ  i  \\K-ii 
about  till  I  met  with  the  people  where  I  am  now, 
and  they  let  me  sit  up  there  till  I  got  a  room  of 
my  own.  Then  some  of  my  friends  collected  for 
me  about  15s.  altogether,  and  I  did  pretty  well 
for  a  little  while.  I  went  to  live  close  by  the 
lilackfriars-road,  but  the  people  where  J  lodged 
« reated  me  very  bad.  There  was  a  number  of  girls 
of  the  town  in  the  same  street,  but  they  was  too 
fjnd  of  their  selves  and  their  drink  to  give  nDthing. 
They  used  to  buy  things  of  me  and  never  pay 
me.  They  never  made  game  of  me,  nor  played 
me  any  tricks,  and  if  they  saw  the  boys  doing  it 
they  would  protect  me.  They  never  offered  to 
give  me  no  victuals;  indeed,  I  shouldn't  have 
liked  to  have  eaten  the  food  they  got  After 
that  I  couldn't  pay  my  lodgings,  and  the  parties 
where  I  lodged  turned  me  out,  and  I  had  to  crawl 
about  the  streets  for  four  days  and  nights.  This 
was  only  a  month  back.  I  was  fit  to  die  with 
pain  ajl  that  time.  If  I  could  get  a  penny  I 
used  to  go  into  a  coffee-shop  for  half-a-pint  of 
coffee,  and  sit  there  till  they  drove  me  out, 
and  then  I'd  crawl  aVout  till  it  was  time  for  me 
to  go  out  selling.  Oh!  dreadful,  dreadful,  it 
was  to  be  all  therr:  hours— day  and  night— on 
any  knees.  I  couidn't  get  along  at  all,  I  was 
forced  to  sit  down  every  minute,  and  then  I 
uv;d  to  fall  asleep  with  my  things  in  my  hand, 
and  be  woke  up  by  the  police  to  be  pushed 
about  and  druv  on  by  them.  It  seemed  like 
?R  if  I  W»B  walking  on  the  bare  bones  of  my 
k;:»c*.  The  pain  in  them  was  like  the  cramp, 


only  much  worse.  At  last  i  could  bear  it  no 
longer,  so  I  went  afore  Mr  Seeker,  the  magis- 
trate, at  Union  Hall,  and  to'  d  him  I  was  destitute, 
and  that  the  parties  where  1  had  been  living 
kept  my  bed  and  the  few  things  I  ha  1,  for  2.s.  Of/, 
rent,  that  1  owed  ther.i.  He  said  he  couldn't 
believe  that  anybody  would  force  me  to  crawl 
about  the  streets,  for  four  days  and  nights, 
cripple  as  I  was,  for  such  a  sum.  One  of  the 
officers  told  him  I  was  a  honest  and  striving 
man,  and  the  magistrate  sent  the  officer,  with 
the  money,  to  get  my  things,  but  the  landlady 
wouldn't  give  them  till  the  officer  compelled 
her,  and  then  she  chucked  my  bed  out  into 
the  middle  of  the  street  A  neighbour  took 
it  in  for  me  and  took  care  of  it  till  I  found 
out  the  tinman  who  had  before  let  me  sit 
up  in  his  house.  I  should  have  gone  to  him 
at  first,  but  he  lived  farther  than  I  could 
walk.  I  am  stopping  with  him  now,  and  he 
is  very  kind  to  me.  I  have  still  some  rela- 
tions living,  and  they  are  well  to  do,  but,  being 
a  cripple,  they  despise  me.  My  aunt,  my 
mother's  sister,  is  married  to  a  builder,  in 
Petersham,  near  Richmond,  and  they  are  rich 
people — having  some  houses  of  their  own  besides 
a  good  business.  I  have  got  a  boy  to  wheel  me 
down  on  a  barrow  to  them,  and  asked  assistance 
of  them,  but  they  will  have  nothing  to  do  with 
me.  They  won't  look  at  me  for  my  affliction. 
Six  months  ago  they  gave  me  half-a-crown.  I 
had  no  lodgings  nor  victuals  then  ;  and  that  I 
shouldn't  have  had  from  them  had  I  not  said 
1  was  starving  and  must  go  to  the  pariah.  Thii 
winter  I  went  to  them,  and  they  shut  the  door 
in  my  face.  After  leaving  my  aunt's,  I  went 
down  to  Ham  Common,  where  my  father-in-law 
lives,  and  there  his  daughter's  husband  sent  for 
a  policeman  to  drive  me  away  from  the  place. 
I  told  the  husband  I  had  no  money  nor  food ; 
but  he  advised  me  to  go  begging,  and  said  I 
shouldn't  have  a  penny  of  them.  My  father- 
in-law  was  ill  up-stairs  at  the  time,  but  I  don't 
think  he  would  have  treated  me  a  bit  better — 
and  all  this  they  do  because  the  Almighty  has 
made  me  a  cripple.  I  can,  indeed,  solemnly 
say,  that  there  is  nothing  else  against  me,  and 
that  I  strive  hard  and  crawl  about  till  my  limbs 
ache  enough  to  drive  me  mad,  to  get  an  honest 
livelihood.  With  a  couple  of  pounds  I  could,  I 
think,  manage  to  shift  very  well  for  myself. 
I'd  get  a  stock,  and  go  into  the  country  with  a 
barrow,  and  buy  old  metal,  and  exchange  tin 
ware  for  old  clothes,  and,  with  that,  I'm  almost 
sure  I  could  get  a  decent  living.  I'm  accounted 
a  very  good  dealer." 

In  answer  to  my  inquiries  concerning  the 
character  of  this  man,  I  received  the  following 
written  communication : 

"  I  have  known  C A twelve  years;  the  last 

six  years  he  has  dealt  with  me  for  tinware.  I  haw 
found  him  honest  in  all  hia  dealings  with  me,  **« 
and  industrious. 

" C H ,  Tinmae." 

from  the  writer  of  tre  above  testimonial  I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


367 


received  the  following  account  of  the  poor 
cripple: — 

"  He  is  a  man  of  generous  a  disposition,  and 
very  sensitive  for  the  afflictions  of  others.  One 
day  while  passing  down  the  Borough  he  saw 
a  man  afflicted  with  St.  Vitus's  dance  shaking 
from  head  to  foot,  and  leaning  on  the  arm  of  a 
woman  who  appeared  to  be  his  wife."  The 
cripple  told  my  informant  that  he  should  never 
forget  what  he  felt  when  he  beheld  that  poor 
man.  "  I  thought,"  he  said,  "  what  a  blessing 
it  is  I  am  not  like  him."  Nor  is  the  cripple,  I 
am  told,  less  independent  than  he  is  generous. 
In  all  his  sufferings  and  privations  he  never 
pleads  poverty  to  others;  but  bears  up  under 
the  trials  of  life  with  the  greatest  patience  and 
fortitude.  When  in  better  circumstances  he 
was  more  independent  than  at  present,  having 
since,  through  illness  and  poverty,  been  much 
humbled. 

"  His  privations  have  been  great,"  adds  my 
informant  "Only  two  months  back,  being  in  a 
state  of  utter  destitution  and  quite  worn  out 
with  fatigue,  he  called  at  the  house  of  a  person 
(where  my  informant  occupied  a  room)  about 
ten  o'clock  at  night,  and  bpgged  them  to  let  him 
rest  himself  for  a  short  while,  but  the  inhuman 
landlady  and  her  son  laid  hold  of  the  wretched 
man,  the  one  taking  him  by  the  arms  and  the 
other  by  the  legs,  and  literally  hurled  him  into 
the  street  The  next  morning,"  my  informant 
continued,  "  I  saw  the  poor  creature  leaning 
against  a  lamp-post,  shivering  with  the  cold, 
and  my  heart  bled  for  him  ;  and  since  that  he 
has  been  living  with  me." 

OP  THE   SWAG-SHOPS  OF  THE  METROPOLIS. 
BY  those  who  are  not  connected  with  the  street 
trade,  the  proprietors  of  the  swag-shops  are  often 
called  "warehousemen"  or  "general  dealers," 
and  even  "slaughterers."     These  descriptions 
apply   but    partially.      "  Warehousemen  "    or 
"general   dealers"  are  vague  terms,  which   I 
need  not  further  notice.   The  wretchedly  under- 
paid   and    over-worked   shoe-makers,    cabinet- 
makers and  others  call  these  places  "  slaughter- 
houses," when  the  establishment  is  in  the  hands 
of  tradesmen  who  buy  their  goods  of  poor  work- 
men  without  having  given  orders  for  them.     On 
Saturday  afternoons  pale-looking  men  may  be 
seen  carrying  a  few  chairs,  or  bending  under 
the  weight  of  a  cheflbnier  or  a  chest  of  < 
in  Tottenham-court  Road,  and  thoroughfares  of 
a  similar   character  in  all  parts.     These  are 
M  small  masters,"  who  make  or  (as  one  man  said 
to  me,  "  No,  sir,  I  don't  make  these  drawers,  I 
put  them  together,  it  can't  be  called  making; 
it's  not  workmanship")  who  "put  toget 
the  hastiest  manner,  and  in  any  way  n< 
tively  offensive  to  the  eye,  article*  of  household 
furniture.      The   "slaughterers"    who   supply 
all  the  good*  required    for   • 
house,  buy  at  "  starvation  price*"  (the  r« 
term),  the  artifice;   being  often  kept  war 
nour»,  and   treated  with 
East-end  "slaughterer"  (as  I  asccrtai". 


former  inquiry)  used  habitually  to  tell  that  he 
prayed  for  wet  Saturday  afternoons,  because  it 
put  201.  extra  into  his  pocket !  This  was  owing 
to  the  damage  sustained  in  the  appearance  of 
any  painted,  varnished,  or  polished  article,  by 
exposure  to  the  weather  ;  or  if  it  had  been  pro- 
tected from  the  weather,  by  the  unwillingness 
of  the  small  master  to  carry  it  to  another 
slaughter-house  in  the  rain.  Under  such  cir- 
cumstances— and  under  most  of  the  circum- 
stances of  this  unhappy  trade — the  poor  work- 
man is  at  the  mercy  of  the  slaughterer. 

I  describe  this  matter  more  fully  than  I  might 
have  deemed  necessary,  had  I  not  found  that 
both  the  "small  masters"  spoken  of — for  I 
called  upon  some  of  them  again  —  and  the 
street- sellers,  very  frequently  confounded  the 
"swag-shop"  and  the  "slaughter-house."  The 
distinction  I  hold  to  be  this  : — The  slaughterci 
buys  as  a  rule,  with  hardly  an  exception,  the 
furniture,  or  whatever  it  may  be,  made  for  the 
express  purpose  of  being  offered  to  him  on 
speculation  of  sale.  The  swag  shop-keeper 
orders  his  goods  as  a  rule,  and  buys,  as  an 
exception,  in  the  manner  in  which  the  slaught- 
erer buys  ordinarily.  The  slaughterer  sells  by 
retail ;  the  swag- shop  keeper  only  by  whole- 
sale. 

Most  of  the  articles,  of  the  class  of  which  I 
now  treat,  are  "  Brummagem  made."  An 
experienced  tradesman  said  to  me:  "All  these 
low-priced  metal  things,  fancy  goods  and  all, 
which  you  see  about,  are  made  in  Birming- 
ham ;  in  nineteen  cases  out  of  twenty  at  the 
least  They  may  be  marked  London,  or 
Sheffield,  or  Paris,  or  any  place  —  you  can 
have  them  marked  North  Pole  if  you  will- 
but  they're  genuine  Birmingham.  The  car- 
riage is  lower  from  Birmingham  than  from 
Sheffield — that's  one  thing." 

The  majority  of  the  swag-shop  proprietors 
are  Jews.  The  wares  which  they  supply  to  the 
cheap  shops,  the  cheap  John's,  and  me  strcet- 
sellers,  in  town  and  country,  consist  of 
variety  of  article,  apart  from  what  is  eatable, 
drinkable,  or  wearable,  in  which  the  trade  class 
I  have  .specified  can  deal.  As  regards  what  is 
wearable,  indeed,  such  things  as  braces,  garters, 
&c.,  form  a  portion  of  the  stock  of  the  swag- 
shop. 

In  one  street  (a  thoroughfare   at    the   c 

of  London)  are  twenty-three  of  these  cstahlish- 

In  the  windows  there  is  little  attempt 

l.iy;   the  design    aimed   at    seems    to   lu» 

rather  to   crated  the  window— as   if  to  show  the 

amplitude  of  the  stores  within,   "the  wonderful 

.  .  s   of  this    • 

establishment" — than  to  tempt   purcha- 
exhibiting  tastefully   what  may  have  been  taste- 
fully   <  xecuted   by    the  artificer,   or    ulut    it   is 
I  lie  held  to  he  so  excruted. 

In     one    of    these    windows    the    day! 

irom  the  interior  1-y  what  may 
A  Rtrect- 
iilrd  them  • 
"pots"  (the   trade  term).  1m!  tiny  were  all  pot 


368 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ornaments.  Among  them  were  great  store  of 
shepherdesses,  of  greyhounds  of  a  gamboge 
colour,  of  what  I  heard  called  "  figures  " 
(allegorical  nymphs  with  and  without  birds  or 
wreaths  in  their  hands),  very  tall-looking 
Shaksperes  (I  did  not  see  one  of  these  win- 
dows without  its  Shakspere,  a  sitting  figure), 
and  some  "pots"  which  seem  to  be  either 
shepherds  or  musicians;  from  what  I  could 
learn,  at  the  pleasure  of  the  seller,  the  buyer, 
or  the  inquirer.  The  shepherd,  or  musician  is 
usually  seated  under  a  tree ;  he  wears  a  light 
blue  coat,  and  yellow  breeches,  and  his  limbs, 
more  than  his  body,  are  remarkable  for  their 
bulk ;  to  call  them  merely  fat  does  not  suffi- 
ciently express  their  character,  and  in  some 
"pots,"  they  are  as  short  and  stumpy  as  they 
are  bulky.  On  my  asking  if  the  dogs  were 
intended  for  Italian  greyhounds,  I  was  told, 
"  No,  they  are  German."  I  alluded  however 
to  the  species  of  the  animal  represented ;  my 
informant  to  the  place  of  manufacture,  for  the 
pots  were  chiefly  German.  A  number  of  mugs 
however,  with  the  Crystal  Palace  very  well 
depicted  upon  them,  were  unmistakably  Eng- 
lish. In  another  window  of  the  same  establish- 
ment was  a  conglomeration  of  pincushions, 
shaving-brushes,  letter-stamps  (all  in  bone), 
cribbage- boards  and  boxes  (including  a  pack  of 
cards),  necklaces,  and  strings  of  beads. 

The  window  of  a  neighbouring  swag-shop 
presented,  in  the  like  crowding,  and  in  greater 
confusion,  an  array  of  brooches  (some  in  co- 
loured glass  to  imitate  rubies,  topazes,  &c., 
some  containing  portraits,  deeply  coloured,  in 
purple  attire,  and  red  cheeks,  and  some  being 
very  large  cameos),  time-pieces  (with  and  with- 
out glasses),  French  toys  with  moveable  figures, 
telescopes,  American  clocks,  musical  boxes, 
shirt-studs,  backgammon-boards,  tea-trays  (one 
with  a  nondescript  bird  of  most  gorgeous  green 
plumage  forming  a  sort  of  centrepiece),  razor- 
strops,  writing-desks,  sailors'  knives,  hair- 
brushes, and  tobacco-boxes. 

Another  window  presented  even  a  more 
"miscellaneous  assortment;"  dirks  (apparently 
not  very  formidable  weapons),  a  mess  of  steel 
pens,  in  brown-paper  packages  and  cases,  and 
of  black-lead  pencils,  pipe-heads,  cigar-cases, 
snuff-boxes,  razors,  shaving-brushes,  letter- 
stamps,  metal  tea-pots,  metal  tea-spoons,  glass 
globes  with  artificial  flowers  and  leaves  within 
the  glass  (an  improvement  one  man  thought  on 
the  old  ornament  of  a  reel  hi  a  bottle),  Peel 
medals,  Exhibition  medals,  roulette-boxes, 
scent  bottles,  quill  pens  with  artificial  flowers  in 
the  feathery  part,  fans,  side-combs,  glass  pen- 
holders, and  pot  figures  (caricatures)  of  Louis 
Philippe,  carrying  a  very  red  umbrella,  Mar- 
shal Haynau,  with  some  instrument  of  torture 
in  his  hand,  while  over  all  boomed  a  huge 
English  seaman,  in  yellow  waistcoat  and  with  a 
brick- coloured  face. 

Sometimes  the  furniture  of  a  swag- shop 
window  is  less  plentiful,  but  quite  as  hetero- 
genous.  In  on*  were  only  American  clocks. 


French  toys  (large),  opera-gla»ses,  kuivc*  a«J 
forks,  and  powder-flasks. 

In  some  windows  the  predominant  character 
is  jewellery.  Ear-drops  (generally  gilt),  rings 
of  all  kinds,  brooches  of  every  size  and  shade 
of  coloured  glass,  shawl- pins,  shirt-studs,  neck- 
laces, bead  purses,  small  paintings  of  the 
Crystal-palace,  in  "  burnished  '  gold  '  frames," 
watch-guards,  watch-seals  (each  with  three  im- 
pressions or  mottoes),  watch-chains  and  keys, 
"  silver  "  tooth-picks,  medals,  and  snuff-boxes. 
It  might  be  expected  that  the  jewellery  shops 
would  present  the  most  imposing  display  of  any; 
they  are,  on  the  contrary,  among  the  dingiest, 
as  if  it  were  not  worth  the  trouble  to  put  clean 
things  in  the  window,  but  merely  what  sufficed 
to  characterise  the  nature  of  the  trade  carried 
on. 

Of  th».  twenty-three  swag-shops  in  question, 
five  were  confined  to  the  trade  in  all  the  branches 
of  stationery.  Of  these  I  saw  one,  the  large 
window  of  which  was  perfectly  packed  from 
bottom  to  top  with  note-paper,  account  and 
copy-books,  steel-pens,  pencils,  sealing-wax, 
enamelled  wafers  (in  boxes),  ink-stands,  &c. 

Of  the  other  shops,  two  had  cases  of  watches, 
with  no  attempt  at  display,  or  even  arrange- 
ment "  Poor  things,"  I  was  told  by  a  person 
familiar  with'the  trade  in  them,  "fit  only  to 
offer  to  countrymen  when  they've  been  drinking 
at  a  fair,  and  think  themselves  clever." 

I  have  so  far  described  the  exterior  of  these 
street- dealers'  bazaars,  the  swag-shops,  in  what 
may  be  called  their  head- quarters.  Upon  en- 
tering some  of  these  places  of  business,  spacious 
rooms  are  seen  to  extend  behind  the  shop  or 
warehouse  which  opens  to  the  street  Some  are 
almost  blocked  up  with  what  appears  a  litter  oi 
packing-cases,  packages,  and  bales — but  which 
are  no  doubt  ordered  systematically  enough — 
while  the  shelves  are  crammed  with  goods  IE 
brown  paper,  or  in  cases  or  boxes.  This  uni- 
formity of  package,  so  to  speak,  has  the  effect  of 
destroying  the  true  character  of  these  swag 
store-rooms  ;  for  they  present  the  appearance  of 
only  three  or  four  different  kinds  of  merchandise 
being  deposited  on  a  range  of  shelves,  when, 
perhaps,  there  are  a  hundred.  In  some  of  these 
swag-shops  it  appears  certain,  both  from  what 
fell  under  my  own  observation,  and  from  what  I 
learned  through  my  inquiries  of  persons  long 
familiar  with  such  places,  that  the  "litter"  I 
have  spoken  of  is  disposed  so  as  to  present  the 
appearance  of  an  affluence  of  goods  without  the 
reality  of  possession. 

In  no  warehouses  (properly  "  swag,"  or 
wholesale  traders)  is  there  any  arranged  display 
of  the  wares  vended.  "  Ve  don't  vant  people 
here,"  one  street-seller  had  often  heard  a  swag- 
shopkeeper  say,  ;"  as  looks  about  them,  and 
says,  '  'Ow  purty  !  —  Vot  nice  things!'  Ve 
vants  to  sell,  and  not  to  show.  Ve  is  all  for 

bi&ness,  and  b«  d d."  All  of  these  places 

w'lich  I  saw  were  dark,  more  or  less  so,  ID  th« 
interior,  as  if  »  customer's  inspectioi  were  un- 
cared  for. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


•'OMB  8EM  1:1; 

(from  a  I'hvtoyritph.] 


No.  24. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


371 


Some  of  the  swag-shop  people  present  cards,  or 
u  circulars  with  prices,"  to  their  street  and  other 
customers,  calling  attention  to  the  variety  of  their 
wares.  These  circulars  are  not  given  without 
inquiry,  as  if  it  were  felt  that  one  must  not  be 
wasted.  On  one  I  find  the  following  enumera- 
tion : — 

Shopkeepers  and   Dealers  supplied  with   the  following 

Articles : — 

-  -American,  French,  German,  and  English  eight - 
•i.iK 

.1  and  Silver. 
\L  HOXKS-TIFO,  Four,  Six,  and  Eight  Airs. 

minon    Flint,  Geneva,  and    Lu- 

\\  \i\-Sr-KiNOs— Blue  and   Straw-colour,  English  and 
•-•va. 

-  KRIAI.S — Of  every  description. 
I.Y— A  general  assortment. 

!,    Horn,  and    Metal 
,u-a\e,  Convex,  Coloured,  and  Smoked 

one,  two,  and  three  draws. 

II.      1  \-TR\-1-. 

COMBS  ng,  Curl,    Pocket,    Ivory,  Small- 

Toot!  . 

i.    I  *  STRUM  KNTS— Violins,  Violineellos,  Bows, 

•:onets.    Trombones,    Ophoclides, 

h-Uorns,  l»o-t-Horn<.  Trumpets, 

and  Pas*es.  Violin  Tailboards,  Pegs,  and  Bridges. 

o\>— Fu-iu-h  and  German  of  every  size  and 

It  must  not  be  thought   that  swag-shops  are 
stories  of  '•'  fancy"  articles,  for  such  is 
not  the  case.     I  have  described  only  the  "  win- 
dows" and  outward  appearances  of  these  places — 
the  interior  being  little  demonstrative  of  the  busi- 
ness; but  the  bulkier  and  more  useful  articles  of 
•raffle  cannot  be  exposed  in  a  window.     In 
•icellaneous  (or  Birmingham  and  Sheffield) 
however,  the  useful  and  the  "fancy"  are 
mixed    together;    as  is  shown  by   the  following 
tl  from  the  Circular  of  one  of  the  principal 
•wag-houses.  ch   head,   with  an   occa- 

sional statement  of  prices.  The  firm  describe 
themselves  as  "Wholesale,  Retail,  and  Export 
Furnishing  Ironmongers,  General  Hardwaremen, 
rs  of  Clocks,  Watches,  and  Steel  Pens, 
and  Importers  of  Toys,  Beads,  and  other  Foreign 


Table  Cutlery. 


*.  rf. 


Common  knives  and  fork*,  per  dot  ...........    2    0 

.:idle  table  knives  and  fork,  per  set  of 
afty-oiecc*  ................................  .in    0 

Tables,  per  do/. 


firt-lrotu. 
Strong  « 

:  <T  |ianourt  or  libraries,  bright  pans, 
4*ftf.t  ...    7    0 


ft.  long,  wi*  .tiding  bar   . 
.  biaw  tops,  for  bed  rooms  . 


Metal  Goods  "(tea-pots.  fco.i, 

• 


<>t   0 
.tnaMpipesaodn.il 

lauorfuns,  < 

itu-*Jly:— 


«.  d. 

One  quart    *  2 

Three  pints... . 1  8 

Two  quarts 2  P 

Threequarts 3  0 

Four  quarts    3  I) 

Five  quarts 4  0 

Patent  enamelled  saucepans,  oval  tin  boilers,  ti« 
saucepans,  tea-kettles,  coffee-pots.  In  all  these 
useful  articles  the  prices  range  in  the  same  way 
as  in  the  iron  stew-pans.  Copper  goods  (kettles, 
coal-scoops,  &c.),  tin  fish-kettles,  dish-covers,  rose- 
wood workboxes,  glass,  brushes  (tooth,  hair, 
clothes,  scrubbing,  stove,  shoe,  japanned  hearth, 
banister,  plate,  carpet,  and  dandy),  tools,  plated 
goods  (warranted  silver  edges),  snuffers,  beads, 
musical  instruments  (accordions  from  Is.  to  5*., 
&c.).  Then  come  dials  and  clocks,  combs,  optics, 
spectacles,  eye-glasses,  telescopes,  opera  glasses, 
each  10c£.  to  10s.,  China  ornaments,  lamps,  sun- 
dries (these  I  give  verbatim,  to  show  the  nature 
of  the  trade),  crimping  and  goffering-machines, 
from  14s.,  looking-glasses,  pictures,  &c.,  beads  of 
every  kind,  watch-guards,  shaving-boxes,  guns, 
pistols,  powder-flasks,  belts,  percussion  caps,  &c., 
corkscrews,  6d.  to  2s.,  nut-cracks,  6d.  to  Is.  (id., 
folding  measures,  each  2s.  to  4s.,  silver  spoons, 
haberdashery,  skates  per  pair  2s.  to  10s.,  carpet 
bags,  each  3s.  to  10s.,  egg-boilers,  tapers,  flat  and 
box  irons,  Italian  irons  and  heaters,  earthenware 
jugs,  metal  covers,  tea-pots,  plaited  straw  baskets, 
sieves,  wood  pails,  camera-obscuras,  medals,  amu- 
lets, perfumery  and  fancy  soaps  of  all  kinds, 
mathematical  instruments,  steel  pens,  silver  and 
(lerman  silver  patent  pencil-cases  and  leads,  snuff- 
boxes "  in  great  variety,"  strops,  ink,  slates,  metal 
eyelet-holes  and  machines,  padlocks,  braces,  belts, 
Congreves,  lucifers,  fuzees,  pocket-books,  bill-cases, 
bed-keys,  and  a  great  variety  of  articles  too  nume- 
rous to  mention. 

Notwithstanding  the  specific  character  and 
arrangement  of  the  "  Circulars  with  prices,"  it  is 
common  enough  for  the  swag-shop  proprietors  to 
intimate  to  any  one  likely  to  purchase  that  those 
prices  are  not  altogether  to  be  a  guidance,  as 
thirty-live  per  cent,  discount  is  allowed  on  the 
amount  of  a  ready-money  purchase.  One  of  tho 
largest  "swags"  made  such  an  allowance  to  a 
.••Her  last  \v 

The  swag-shops  (of  which  I  state  the  numbers 
in  a  parenthesis)  are  in  Iloundsditch  (their  prin- 
cipal  locality)    (2:i),    Minories    (4),   Whit. 
(2),  B.-I  ..'i),  Shoreditch  (K 

lane,    Smithful.i    (1),    Kl.vt-lanc    (2),    Ilolywell- 
.    Tothill-street   (4),    Compton 

j.irdeii    (-JK  Clerk 
(10),     K  .ifjh    (vS).     N 

Jl,  Tooley-street   (3),    1- 
road  (3),  Borough-road  (1),  Watorioo^ead  (4) — 

in  all   1()1;   but  a  p.-:--:;    \\li-i    ha.l    been    i: 

I 

i..any  of  them  in    • 

courts  and   alleys   mur    lloundsditcli.    JUulifl'e 
These  "ruUidcis"   ar 

r.iii\  of  a  smaller  C!AM  than  tho»e  I  !..».<•  .!<  MI,  !•',(; 
"and  I  can  tell  you,  sir/'  the  sane  man  said, 
"some  o  them — ay,  and  some  of  ' 


373 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


too — are  real  swo^-shops  still, — partly  so,  that  is ; 
you  understand  me,  sir."  The  word  "swag,"  I 
should  inform  my  polite  readers,  means  in  slang 
language,  "  plunder." 

It  may  be  safely  calculated,  then,  that  there 
are  150  swag-shops  to  which  the  different  classes 
of  street-sellers  resort  for  the  purchase  of  stock. 
Among  these  establishments  are  pot  swag,  sta- 
tionery swag,  haberdashery  swag,  jewellery  swag, 
and  miscellaneous  swag— the  latter  comprise  far 
more  than  half  of  the  entire  number,  and  consti- 
tute the  warehouses  which  are  described  by  their 
owners  as  "  Birmingham  and  Sheffield,"  or  "  Eng- 
lish and  Foreign,"  or  "  English  and  German."  It 
is  in  these  last-mentioned  "  swags "  that  the  class 
I  now  treat  of — the  street-sellers  of  metal  manu- 
factures— find  the  commodities  of  their  trade.  To 
this,  however,  there  is  one  exception.  Tins  for 
household  use  are  not  sold  at  the  general  swag- 
shops;  but  "fancy  tins,"  such  as  japanned  and 
embellished  trays,  are  vended  there  extensively. 
The  street-sellers  of  this  order  are  supplied  at  the 
"  tin-shops," — the  number  of  the  wholesale  tin- 
men supplying  the  street-sellers  is  about  fifty. 
The  principle  on  which  the  business  is  conducted 
is  precisely  that  of  the  more  general  swag-shop; 
but  I  shall  speak  of  them  when  I  treat  of  the 
street-tellers  of  tins. 

An  intelligent  man,  who  had  been  employed  in 
different  capacities  in  some  of  the  principal  swag- 
shops,  told  me  of  one  which  had  been  carried  on 
by  the  same  family,  from  father  to  son,  for  more 
tb-\n  seventy  years.  In  the  largest  of  the  "  swags" 
about  200  "hands"  are  employed,  in  the  various 
capacities  of  salesmen,  buyers,  clerks,  travellers, 
unpackers,  packers,  porters,  &c.,  &c.  On  some 
mornings  twenty-five  large  packages — some  of 
small  articles  entirely — are  received  from  the 
carriers.  In  one  week,  when  my  informant 
assisted  in  "making  up  the  books,"  the  receipts 
were  upwards  of  3000/.  "  In  my  opinion,  sir," 
he  said,  "  and  it 's  from  an  insight  into  the  busi- 
ness, Mr. 'a  profit  on  that  30001.  was  not 

less  than  thirty-five  per  cent. ;  for  he's  a  great 
capitalist,  and  pays  for  everything  down  upon  the 
nail  ;  that  'a  more  than  10001.  profit  in  a  week. 
Certainly  it  was  an  extra  week,  and  there's  the 
200  hands  to  pay, — but  that  wouldn't  range 
higher  than  3001.,  indeed,  not  so  high ;  and 
there 's  heavy  rent  and  taxes,  and  rates,  no  doubt, 
and  he  (the  proprietor  is  a  Jew)  is  a  fair  man  to 
the  trade,  and  not  an  uncharitable  man — but  he 
will  drive  a  good  bargain  where  it 's  possible  ;  so 
considering  everything,  sir,  the  profits  must  be 
very  great,  and  they  are  mostly  made  out  of  poor 
buyers,  who  sell  it  to  poor  people  in  the  streets, 
or  in  small  shops.  It's  a  wonderful  trade." 

From  the  best  information  I  could  obtain  I 
come  to  the  conclusion  that,  including  small  and 
large  shops,  30001.  yearly  is  the  average  receipt 
of  each — or,  as  it  is  most  frequently  expressed, 
that  sum  is  "  turned  over "  by  the  swag-shop 
keepers  yearly.  There  is  great  competition  in  the 
trade,  and  much  of  what  is  called  "  cutting,"  or 
one  tradesman  underselling  another.  The  profit 
consequently  raries  from  twenty  to  thirtyfive  and 


(rarely)  fifty  per  cent.  Sometimes  a  swag-shop 
proprietor  is  "  hung-up  "  with  a  stock  the  demand 
for  which  has  ceased,  and  he  must  dispose  of  it  as 
"  a  job  lot,"  to  make  room  for  other  goods,  and 
thus  is  necessarily  "  out  of  pocket."  The  smaller 
swag-shops  do  not  "  turn  over  "  500  J.  a  year.  The 
calculation  I  have  given  shows  an  outlay,  yearly, 
of  450,OOOZ.  at  the  swag-shops  of  London  ;  "  but," 
said  a  partner  in  one  of  these  establishments, 
"  what  proportion  of  the  goods  find  their  way  into 
the  streets,  what  to  the  shops,  what  to  the  coun- 
try, and  what  for  shipping,  I  cannot  form  even  a 
guess,  for  we  never  ask  a  customer  for  what  pur- 
pose he  wants  the  goods,  though  sometimes  he 
will  say,  '  I  must  have  what  is  best  for  such  or 
such  a  trade.'  Say  half  a  million  turned  over  in 
a  year,  sir,  by  the  warehousemen  who  sell  to  the 
street- people,  among  others,  and  you  're  within  the 
mark." 

I  found  the  street-sellers  characterize  the 
"  swags  "  as  hard  and  grinding  men,  taking  every 
advantage  "  in  the  way  of  trade."  There  is,  too, 
I  was  told  by  a  man  lately  employed  in  a  swag- 
shop,  a  constant  collision  of  clamour  and  bargain- 
ing, not  to  say  of  wits,  between  the  smarter  street- 
sellers — the  pattering  class  etpecially — and  the 
swag-men  with  whom  they  are  familiar. 

The  points  in  which  the  "  swag-shops "  re- 
semble the  "  slaughter-houses,"  are  in  the  traffic  in 
work-boxes,  desks,  and  dressing-cases. 

OF  THE  LIFE  OF  A  CHEAP-JOHN. 
THE  following  narrative,  relative  to  this  curious 
class,  who,  in  many  respects,  partake  of  the  cha- 
racteristics which  I  have  pointed  out  as  proper  to 
the  mountebank  of  old,  was  taken  from  one  of 
the  fraternity.  It  may  be  cited  as  an  example 
of  those  who  are  bred  to  the  streets: — "My 
father  and  mother,"  said  he,  "both  followed  a 
travelling  occupation,  and  were  engaged  in  vend- 
ing different  things,  from  the  old  brimstone 
matches  up  to  clothes  lines,  clothes  props,  and 
clothes  pegs.  They  never  got  beyond  these, — the 
other  articles  were  thread,  tapes,  nutmeg  graters, 
shoe-ties,  stay-laces,  and  needles.  My  father,  my 
mother  used  to  tell  me,  was  a  great  scholard,  and 
had  not  always  been  a  travelling  vagrant.  My 
mother  had  never  known  any  other  life.  I,  how- 
ever, did  not  reap  any  benefit  from  my  father's 
scholarship.  At  a  viTy  early  age,  five  or  six  per- 
haps, I  recollect  myself  a  poor  little  neglected 
wretch,  sent  out  each  day  with  a  roll  of  matches, 
with  strict  injunctions  not  to  come  home  without 
selling  them,  and  to  bring  home  a  certain  sum  of 
money,  upon  pain  of  receiving  a  sound  thrashing, 
which  threat  was  mostly  put  into  execution  when- 
ever I  failed  to  perform  the  task  imposed  upon 
me.  My  father  seldom  worked,  that  is,  seldom 
hawked,  but  my  mother,  poor  thing,  had  to  travel 
and  work  very  hard  to  support  four  of  us — my 
father,  myself,  and  a  sister,  who  is  since  dead.  I 
was  but  little  assistance,  and  sometimes  when  I 
did  not  bring  home  the  sum  required,  she  would 
make  it  up,  and  tell  my  father  I  had  been  a  -ood 
boy.  My  father  was  an  inveterate  drinker,  and  a 
very  violent  temper.  My  mother,  I  am  sorry  u 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


373 


»»y.  used  to  drink  too,  but  I  believe  that  ill-usage 
drove  her  to  it.  They  led  a  dreadful  life;  I 
scarcely  felt  any  attachment  for  them ;  home  we 
had  none,  one  place  was  as  good  another  to  us.  I 
left  my  parents  when  scarcely  eight  years  old.  I 
had  received  a  thrashing  the  day  l>efore  for  being 
a  defaulter  in  my  sale,  and  I  determined  the  fol- 
lowing morning  to  decamp;  and  accordingly,  with 
my  nine-pennyworth  of  matches  (the  quantity 
generally  allotted  me),  I  set  out  to  begin  the 
world  upon  my  own  account.  Although  this  oc- 
curred 25  years  ago,  I  have  never  met  my  parents 
since.  My  father,  I  heard,  died  a  few  years  after 
my  leaving,  but  my  mother  I  know  not  whether 
she  be  living  or  dead.  I  left  my  parents  at  Dover, 
and  journeyed  on  to  London.  I  knew  there  were 
lodging-houses  for  travellers  in  every  town,  some 
of  them  I  had  stopped  at  with  my  Cither  and 
mother.  I  told  the  people  of  these  houses  that 
my  parenU  would  arrive  the  following  day, 
and  paid  my  2d.  for  the  share  of  a  third,  fourth, 
fifth,  or  even  sixth  part  of  a  bed,  according  to  the 
number  of  children  who  inhabited  the  lodging- 
house  upon  that  particular  night.  My  matches  I 
could  always  sell  if  I  tried,  but  I  used  to  play  my 
time  away,  and  many  times  night  has  arrived  be- 
fore I  thought  of  effecting  sales  sufficient  to  pay 
my  expenses  at  the  beggar's  hotel.  Broken 
victuals  I  got  in  abundance,  indeed  more  than 
sufficient  for  my  own  consumption.  The  money  I 
received  for  the  matches,  after  paying  my  lodging, 
and  purchasing  a  pennyworth  of  brimstone  to 
make  more  (the  wood  I  begged  at  the  carpenters), 
I  gambled  away  at  cards.  Yes,  young  as  I  was, 
I  understood  blind  Hookey.  I  invariably  lost; 
of  course  I  was  cheated. 

•  I  remained  in  a  lodging  house  in  Mill-lane, 
Deptford,  for  two  years,  discontinued  the  match- 
selling,  and,  having  a  tidy  voice,  took  to  hawking 
songs  through  the  public-houses.  The  sailors  used 
to  ask  me  to  sing,  and  there  were  few  days  that  I 
did  not  accumulate  -t.  6<f.,  and  from  that  to  45., 
rspecially  when  I  chose  to  be  industrious ;  but  my 
love  of  pitch  and  toss  and  blind  hookey  always 
kept  me  poor.  I  often  got  into  debt  with  my 
landlady,  and  had  no  difficulty  in  doing  so,  for  I 
always  frit  a  pride  in  paying.  From  selling  the 
printed  songs,  I  imbibed  a  wish  to  learn  to 
lead,  and,  with  the  assistance  of  an  old  soldier, 
I  soon  acquired  sufficient  knowledge  to  make 
names  of  each  song,  and  shortly  after- 
wards I  could  study  a  song  and  learn  the 

v   one  hrlning  nio.      I  stopped 

•>tf«>rd    until   I  was  something  more   than 

years   old.     I   had    then   laid   the  songs 

rind  uik>-n  to  hawking  small  wares,  tapes, 

thread,  Ac. ;  and   in   the  winter  season  I  was  a 

hit  and  hare  skins.     I  kept  at  this 

ree  years,  sometimes  entirely  without 

.      I   bad  r  n    it  out,  perhaps  gambled  it 

»w»y  ;  .,nd  nt  »uch  times  I  suffered  great  priva- 

i  l..-if.      I  have  often  tried,  but 

tve  approached  a  bouse  with  a 

Mate  requested  a  drink  of  water. 
W ken  1  wa,  oioed  in  partners  I.  , 


a  man  who  used  to  make  phosphorus  boxes.  I 
sold  them  for  him.  A  piece  of  phosphorus  was 
stuck  in  a  tin  tube,  the  match  was  dipped  into 
the  phosphorus,  and  it  would  ignite  by  friction. 
I  was  hawking  these  boxes  in  Norwich, 
when  the  constable  considered  they  were  dread- 
ful affairs,  and  calculated  to  encourage  and  assist 
thieves  and  burglars.  He  took  me  before  the 
magistrate,  at  the  beak's  own  private  house, 
and  he  being  equally  horrified,  I  was  sent  to 
prison  for  a  month.  I  have  often  thought 
since  that  the  proceeding  was  illegal.  What 
would  be  said  now  if  a  man  was  to  be  sent  to 
jail  for  selling  lucifer  matches!  In  Norwich  prison 
I  associated  with  the  rest,  and  if  I  had  been  in- 
clined to  turn  thief  I  had  plenty  of  opportunities 
and  offers  of  gratuitous  instruction.  The  separate 
or  silent  system  was  not  in  vogue  then.  I  worked 
on  the  treadmill.  Dinner  was  allowed  to  be  sent 
in  on  the  Sunday  by  the  prisoner's  friends.  My 
dinner  was  sent  in  on  the  first  Sunday  by  the  man 
I  sold  the  boxes  for,  as  it  was  on  the  second,  third, 
and  fourth;  but  I  had  lost  it  before  I  received 
it.  I  had  always  gambled  it  away,  for  there 
were  plenty  of  opportunities  of  doing  so  in  the 
prisons  then.  On  leaving  the  jail  I  received 
1«. ;  with  this  I  purchased  some  songs  and 
travelled  to  Yarmouth.  I  could  do  best  among 
sailors.  After  a  few  weeks  I  had  accumu- 
lated about  St.,  and  with  that  sum  I  purchased 
some  hardware  at  the  swag-shop,  commenced 
hawking, and  cut  the  vocal  department  altogether; 
still  I  gambled  and  kept  myself  in  poverty.  In 
the  course  of  time,  however,  I  had  amassed  a 
basket  of  goods,  worth,  perhaps,  3/.  I  gambled 
and  lost  them  all  in  one  night.  I  was  so  down- 
cast and  unhappy  from  this  circumstance,  that  it 
caused  me  to  reflect  seriously,  and  I  made  an  oath 
that  I  never  would  gamble  again.  I  have  kept 
it,  and  have  reason  to  bless  the  day  that  I  made 
so  good  a  resolution.  After  losing  my  basket  of 
goods,  the  winner  gave  me  articles  amounting  to  a 
few  shillings,  and  I  began  the  world  once  more. 
Shortly  afterwards  I  comnu-nced  rag  gatherer,  and 
changed  my  goods  for  old  rags,  of  course  not 
rrfuMng  cash  in  payment  My  next  step  was  to 
have  some  bills  printed,  whereon  I  requested  all 
thrifty  wives  to  look  out  their  old  rags  or  old 
metal,  or  old  bones,  &c.;  stating  at  the  bottom 
that  the  bill  would  be  called  for,  and  that  a 
good  price  in  n-.t  ,.,ul,l  l,«.  j-ivon  |,,r 

all  useless  lumlx-r,  \o.  Snne  months  at  this 
business  realized  me  a  j-r.-tty  MUD  <>l  inon.-y. 
I  was  in  possession  of  nearly  [,l.  Then 
continued  the  rag  fathering  ;"not  that  the  trade 
was  declining,  but  I  .ii-l  imt  like  it — I  was  am- 
bitious. I  purchased  a  neat  box,  and  started  to 
sell  a  little  Birmingham  jewellery.  I  was  now 
respectably  dressed,  was  getting  a  living,  and  had 

uuses; 

but  I  confined  my  vims  to  small   villages — I  was 
!nw;  and  as  I  was  pursuing  my  call- 
ing near  Wakefield,  a  «>n*u«hlr  inquired  • 

II 

took  Hi-  -.•!    introduced    me   to  a 

magistrate,   *  -led  me  to  prison   •  r    • 


874 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON    VOOR. 


month,  and  took  away  my  box  of  goods.  I 
endured  the  month's  imprisonment  upon  the  silent 
system ;  they  cut  my  hair  short ;  and  at  the 
expiration  of  the  term  I  was  thrust  out  upon  the 
world  heart-broken,  without  a  shilling,  to  beg,  to 
steal,  or  to  starve. 

"  I  proceeded  to  Leeds,  the  fair  was  on  at  this 
time.  I  got  engaged  to  assist  a  person,  from  whom 
I  had  been  accustomed  occasionally  to  purchase 
goods.  He  was  a  *  Cheap-John.'  In  the  course  of 
the  day  he  suggested  that  I  should  have  a  try  at 
the  hand-selling.  I  mounted  the  platform,  and 
succeeded  beyond  my  own  expectations  or  that  of 
my  master.  He  offered  me  a  regular  engagement, 
which  I  accepted.  At  times  I  would  help  him 
sell,  and  at  other  times  I  hawked  with  his  licence. 
I  had  regular  wages,  besides  all  I  could  get  above 
a  certain  price  that  he  placed  upon  each  of  the 
goods.  I  remained  with  this  person  some  fifteen 
months,  at  the  end  of  which  period  I  commenced 
for  myself,  having  saved  nearly  261.  I  began  at 
once  the  hand-selling,  and  purchased  a  hawker's 
licence,  which  enabled  me  to  sell  without  danger. 
Then  I  always  called  at  the  constable's  house,  and 
gave  a  louder  knock  at  his  door  than  any  other 
person's,  proud  of  my  authority,  and  assured  of 
my  safety.  At  first  I  borrowed  an  empty  cart, 
in  which  I  stood  and  sold  my  wares.  I  could 
chaff  as  well  as  the  best,  and  was  as  good 
a  salesman  as  most  of  them.  After  that  I  pur- 
chased a  second-hand  cart  from  a  person  who  had 
lately  started  a  waggon.  I  progressed  and  im- 
proved in  circumstances,  and  at  last  bought  a  very 
handsome  waggon  for  myself.  I  have  now  a 
nice  caravan,  and  good  stock  of  goods,  worth  at 
least  500L  Money  I  have  but  little.  I  always 
invest  it  in  goods.  I  am  married,  and  have  got  a 
family.  I  always  travel  in  the  summer,  but  re- 
main at  home  during  the  winter.  My  wife  never 
travels.  She  remains  behind,  and  manages  a 
little  swag-shop,  which  always  turns  in  at  least 
the  family  expenses." 

THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  CUTLERY. 
THE  cutlery  sold  in  the  streets  of  London  con- 
sists of  razors,  pen-knives,  pocket-knives,  table 
and  carving-knives  and  forks,  scissors,  shears, 
nail-filers,  and  occasionally  (if  ordered)  lancets. 
The  knives  are  of  various  kinds — such  as  sailors' 
knives  (with  a  hole  through  the  handle),  butchers' 
knives,  together  with  choppers  and  steels  (sold 
principally  at  Newgate  and  Billinsgate  Markets, 
and  round  about  the  docks),  oyster  and  fish- 
knives  (sold  principally  at  Billinsgate  and  Hun- 
gerford  Markets),  bread-knives  (hawked  at  the 
bakers'  shops),  ham  and  beef  knives  (hawked  at 
the  ham  and  beef  shops),  cheese-knives  with 
tasters,  and  ham-triers,  shoemakers'  knives,  and  a 
variety  of  others.  These  articles  are  usually  pur- 
chased at  the  "swag-shops,"  and  the  prices  of 
them  vary  from  2%d.  to  Is.  \\d.  each.  They  are 
bought  either  by  the  dozen,  half-dozen,  or  singly, 
according  to  the  extent  of  the  street-seller's  stock- 
money.  Hence  it  would  appear  that  the  street-Beller 
of  cutlery  can  begin  business  with  only  a  few 
pence ;  but  it  is  only  when  the  swa^-shop  keeper 


•^  • 

.5 

2 

0 

i*3r 

«f»; 

1^3  • 

S-< 

1! 

Wi  Ifl 

si"*! 

SB.M 

•CO 
|| 

».   d. 

.v.   d. 

*.  rf. 

«.   rf. 

Table-knives  and  forks.  . 

1    3 

•2     0 

5    0 

7    ti 

Ditto,     without  forks 

0    9 

1     3 

4    0 

ti     0 

1    0 

1     6 

4    0 

i;   o 

1     9 

2    6 

2    6 

1    9 

2    <j 

.r)     0 

7    6 

0    3i 

0    6 

1    9 

2    6 

has  known  the  street-seller  that  he  will  consent 
to  sell  one  knife  albne  "  to  sell  again  ;"  to  street- 
sellers  with  whom  he  is  unacquainted,  he  will 
not  vend  less  than  half-a-dozen.  Even  where  the 
street-seller  is  known,  he  has,  if  "  cracked-up,"  t<» 
beg  hard,  I  am  told,  before  he  can  induce  the  ware- 
houseman to  let  him  have  only  one  article.  "  The 
swag-shops  won't  be  bothered  with  it,"  say  the 
men — "  what  are  our  troubles  to  them]  if  the 
rain  starves  us  out  and  makes  us  eat  up  all  our 
stock-money,  what  is  it  to  such  folks?  they 
wouldn't  let  us  have  even  a  row  of  pins  without 
the  money  for  'em — no,  not  if  we  was  to  drop 
down  dead  for  want  of  bread  in  their  shops. 
They  have  been  deceived  by  such  a  many  that 
now  they  won't  listen  to  none."  I  subjoin  a  list 
of  the  prices  paid  and  received  by  the  street- 
sellers  of  cutlery  for  the  principal  articles  in  which 
thev  deal  : 


Their  usual  rate  of  profit  is  50  per  cent.,  but 
rather  than  refuse  a  ready  sale  the  street  cutlery- 
seller  will  often  take  much  less.  Many  of  the 
sellers  only  pursue  the  trade  for  a  few  weeks  in 
the  year.  A  number  of  the  Irish  labourers  take 
to  it  in  the  winter-time  when  they  can  get  no  work. 
Some  few  of  the  sellers  are  countrymen,  but  these 
mostly  follow  the  business  continuously.  "  I  don't 
see  as  there  is  hardly  one  upon  the  list  as  has  ever 
been  a  cutler  by  trade,"  said  one  street-seller  to  me, 
"and  certainly  none  of  the  cutlery-sellers  have  ever 
belonged  to  Sheffield — they  may  say  so,  but  its 
only  a  dodge."  The  cutlery  street-sellers  are  not 
one-quarter  so  numerous  as  they  were  two 
years  back.  "  The  reason  is,"  I  am  told,  "  that 
things  are  got  so  bad  a  man  can't  live  by 
the  trade — mayhap  he  has  to  walk  three  miles 
now  before  he  can  sell  for  Is.  a  knife  that 
has  cost  him  S^d.,  and  then  mayhap  he  is  faint, 
and  what's  3^d.,  sir,  to  keep  body  and  soul  toge- 
ther, when  a  man  most  likely  has  had  no  victuals 
all  the  day  before."  If  they  had  a  good  bit  of 
stock-  »hey  might  perhaps  get  a  crust,  they  say. 
"  Things  within  the  last  two  or  three  years,"  to 
quote  the  words  of  one  of  my  informants,  "  have 
been  getting  much  worse  in  the  streets;  'specially 
in  the  cutlery  line.  I  can't  give  no  account  for 
it,  I'm  sure,  sir;  the  sellers  have  not  been  half  as 
many  as  they  were.  What's  become  of  them 
that's  gone,  I  can't  tell;  they  're  in  the  -work- 
house, I  dare  say."  But,  notwithstanding  this 
decrease  in  the  number  of  sellers,  there  is  a  greater 
difficulty  to  vend  their  goods  now  than  formerly. 
"It's  all  owing  to  the  times,  that's  all  I  can  say. 
People,  shopkeepers,  and  all  says  to  me,  I  can't 
tell  why  things  is  so  bad,  and  has  been  so  bad  in 


X  LABOUR  ASD  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


375 


trade;  but  so  they  is.  We  has  to  walk  farther 
to  sell  our  goods,  and  people  beat  us  down  so 
terrible  hard,  that  we  can't  get  a  pency  out  of 
them  when  we  do  sell.  Sometimes  they  offers 
we  9d.,  yes,  and  often  Qd.  for  an  S^d.  knife;  and 
often  enough  4d.  for  one  that  stands  you  in  3^rf. 
— a  $d.  profit,  think  of  that,  sir.  Then  they  say, 
'  Well,  my  man,  will  you  take  my  money!'  and  so 
as  to  make  you  do  so,  they  '11  flash  it  before  your 

^  if  they  knew  you  was  a  starving,  and  would 
be  sure  to  be  took  in  by  the  sight  of  it.  Yes, 
sir,  it  is  a  very  hard  life,  and  we  has  to  put  up 
\viih  a  pood  deal — a  good  deal — starvation  and 
hard-dealing,  and  insults  and  knockings  about, 
aiid  all.  And  then  you  see  the  swag-shops  is 
almost  as  hard  on  us  as  the  buyers.  The  swag- 
men  will  say,  if  you  merely  makes  a  remark,  that 
a  knife  they  've  sold  you  is  cracked  in  the  handle, 
'Oh,  is  it;  let  me  see  whereabouts;'  and  when 
you  hands  it  to 'em  to  show  it  'em,  they'll  put  it 
back  where  they  took  it  from,  aoid  tell  you, '  You're 
too  particular  by  half,  my  man.  You'd  better 

i  get  your  goods  somewhere  else;  here 
tike  your  money,  and  go  on  about  your  business, 
fur  we  won  't  sarve  you  at  all.'  They  '11  do  just 
the  same  with  the  scissors  too,  if  you  complains 
about  their  being  a  bit  rusty.  'Go  somewhere 
else,'  they  '11  say,  '  We  won't  sarve  you.'  Ah,  sir, 
that's  what  it  is  to  be  a  poor  man;  to  have  your 
poverty  flung  in  your  teeth  every  minute.  People 

to  be  poor  and  seem  poor  is  the  devil;'  but 
to  be  poor,  and  be  treated  like  a  dog  merely 
•  ire  poor,  surely  is  ten  thousand  times 
worse.  A  sreet-seller  now-a  days  is  looked  upon 
as  a  '  cadger,'  and  treated  as  one.  To  try  to  get 
a  living  for  one's  self  is  to  do  something  shameful 

times." 

The  man  then  pave  me  the  following  history 
of  himself.  He  was  a  kindly-looking  and  hearty 
old  man.  He  had  on  a  ragged  fustian  jacket,  over 
which  he  wore  a  black  greasy-looking  and  tattered 
oilskin  coat — the  collar  of  this  was  torn  away,  and 
the  green  baize  lining  alone  visible.  His  waist- 
coat was  patched  in  every  direction,  while  his 
trousers  appeared  to  be  of  corduroy ;  but  the 
grease  and  mud  was  so  thick  upon  them,  that  it 
was  difficult  to  tell  of  what  material  they  were 
made.  His  shoes — or  rather  what  remained  of 
them — were  tied  on  his  feet  with  pieces  of  string. 

:>earance  altogether  denoted  great  poverty. 
"My  father  was  a  fanner,  sir.     He  had  two 
i  800  acres  in   all.      I   was   one  of 

(ten  tons  and  one  dam: 

before  ray  father's  death   he  left  his  farm,  and 

!!••   had  made  a 

good  bit  at  f inning ;  but   wtx-n  lie  dird  it  was  all 

nd  we  was  l.-lt  to  shift  as  we  < 

• 

and  write,  but  I  didn  't  tike  to  it ;  I  went  n  bird's 
nesting,  boy-like,  instead,  so  that  wh  . 

I 

DOW.     I  used   to  i.  nd  go  a  bar 

I    wa*  LI  uthinp 

:  ...   I   »hould 

i.     1  was  a  mere  lad — about 
20— a  .led  up  to  tow,,,     i  bad  10*. 


with  me,  and  that,  with  a  bundle,  was  all 
that  I  possessed  in  the  world.  When  I  got  ta 
London  I  went  to  lodge  at  a  public-house — the 
Red  Lion — in  Great  Wild-street ;  and  while  I 
was  there  I  sought  about  for  work,  but  could  not 
get  any ;  when  all  was  gone,  I  was  turned  out 
into  the  streets,  and  walked  about  for  two  days 
and  two  nights,  without  a  bed,  or  a  bit  to  eat, 
unless  what  I  picked  out  of  the  gutter,  and  eat 
like  a  dog — orange-peel  and  old  cabbage-stumps, 
indeed  anytJdng  I  could  find.  When  I  was  very 
hard  put  to  it,  I  was  coming  down  Drury-lane, 
and  I  looked  in,  quite  casual  like,  to  ask  for  a  job 
of  work  at  the  shop  of  Mr.  Bolton,  the  needle- 
maker  from  Redditch.  I  told  him  as  how  I  was 
nigh  starving,  and  would  do  anything  to  get  a 
crust ;  I  didn't  mind  what  I  put  my  hand  to.  He 
said  he  would  try  me,  and  gave  me  two  packets  of 
needles  to  sell — they  was  the  goolden-eyed  ones 
of  that  time  of  day — and  he  said  when  I  had  got 
rid  of  them  I  was  to  come  back  to  him,  and  I 
should  have  two  packets  more.  He  told  me  the 
price  to  ask — sixpence  a  paper — and  away  I  went 
like  a  sand-boy,  and  got  rid  of  the  two  in  an  hour 
and  a  half.  Then  I  went  back,  and  when  I  told 
him  what  I  'd  done,  he  shook  hands  with  me,  and 
said,  as  he  burst  out  laughing,  "  Now,  you  see 
I  've  made  a  man  of  you."  Oh,  he  was  an  un- 
common nice  gentleman  !  Then  he  told  me 
to  keep  the  shilling  I  had  taken,  and  said  he 
would  trust  me  with  two  more  packets.  I 
sold  them,  and  two  others  besides,  that  day. 
Then,  he  says,  '  I  shall  give  you  something  else, 
and  he  let  me  have  two  packets  of  tailors'  needles 
and  half  a  do/en  of  tailors'  thimbles.  He  told  me 
how  to  sell  them,  and  where  to  go,  and  on  them  I 
did  better.  I  went  round  to  the  tailors'  shops 
and  sold  a  pood  lot,  but  at  last  they  stopped  me, 
because  I  was  tiking  the  bread  out  of  the  mouths 
of  the  poor  blind  needle-sellers  what  supplies  the 
journeymen  tailors  at  the  West-end.  Then  Mr. 
Bolton  sent  me  down  to  one  of  his  relations,  a 
Mr.  Crooks,  in  Fetter  Lane,  who  was  a  SlieiHeld 
man,  and  sold  cutlery  to  the  hawkers  ;  and  Mr. 
Crooks  and  Mr.  Bolton  sot  me  up  between  them, 
and  so  I  've  followed  the  line  ever  since.  Id 
I  shall  continue  in  it  to  my  dying  day.  Alter  I 
put  fairly  set  agoing,  I  used  to  make — tak. 
and  bad,  wet  and  <iry  days  together — IS.*,  a  week  ; 
three  shillings  a  day  was  what  I  ealeulated  mi  at 

•  1  to  do  that  I  was  obligated  to  take 
between  '21.  and  ."/.  a  week,  or  about  eipht  or  nine 
shilling!  each  day.  I  went  on  doing  this  tor  upwards 
of  thirty  year.  I  have  ln-cn  m-arlv  l»it\ 

•  •r,   in  the  stre.-ts,  selling  cutlery.      I  did 
1  about  4  years  i 

i  ".«.  to  I/,  a  week  up  to  that  time. 
I  used  'try — to  Margate, 

Bright  :th      I     limply     traM-lled     l>y 

the    coast,    <  .ill    the    sea  port    t».vns, 

ways  did  best  among  the  sailors,  i 
away  wrry  Spring  time,  and  came  to  1 
again  at  the  fall  of  the  year.  >r  ago, 

I  married  the  widow  of  a  print  -ma»— 

she  had  no  money,  but  \<-\i  iee   I    had  no  home, 

I  I  should  1  ,  and  oo 


876 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


I  have  been — a  great  deal  more  comfortable — and 
so  I  should  be  now,  if  things  hadn't  got  so  bad. 
Four  year  ago,  as  I  was  a  telling  you,  it  was  just 
after  the  railways  had  knocked  off  work,  things 
began  to  get  uncommon  bad — before  then,  I  had 
as  good  aa  305.  or  40s.  stock,  and  when  things 
got  slack,  it  went  away,  little  by  little.  I  couldn't 
make  profit  enough  to  support  me  and  my  old 
woman — she  has  got  the  rheumatics  and  can't 
earn  me  a  halfpenny  or  a  farden  in  the  world ; 
she  hasn't  done  so  for  years.  When  I  didn't 
make  enough  to  live  upon,  of  course  I  was 
obligated  to  break  into  my  stock  ;  so  there  it  kept 
going  shilling  by  shilling,  and  sixpence  by  six- 
pence, until  I  had  got  nothing  left  to  work  upon 
— not  a  halfpenny.  You  see,  four  or  five  months 
ago,  I  was  took  very  bad  with  the  rheumatic 
fever  and  gout.  I  got  wet  through  in  the 
streets,  and  my  clothes  dried  on  me,  and  the  next 
day  I  was  taken  bad  with  pains  in  my  limbs, 
and  then  everything  that  would  fetch  me  a 
penny  went  to  the  pawn-shop;  all  -my  own 
and  my  old  woman's  clothes  went  to  get  us 
food — blankets,  sheets  and  all.  I  never  would 
go  nigh  the  parish;  I  couldn't  bring  myself 
to  have  the  talk  about  it.  When  I  got  well 
and  out  into  the  streets  again,  I  borrowed  2s. 
or  3s.  of  my  landlady — I  have  lived  with  her 
these  three  years — to  get  my  stock  again,  but  you 
see  that  got  me  so  few  things,  that  I  couldn't 
fetch  myself  up.  I  lost  the  greater  portion  of  my 
time  in  going  backards  and  forrards  to  the  shop 
to  get  fresh  goods  as  fast  as  I  sold  them,  and 
so  what  I  took  wasn't  enough  to  earn  the  com- 
monest living  for  me  and  my  missus.  Since  De- 
cember we  have  been  nearly  starving,  and  that  's 
as  true  as  you  have  got  the  pen  in  your  very 
hand.  Sunday  after  Sunday  we  have  been  with- 
out a  bit  of  dinner,  and  I  have  laid  a-bed  all  day 
because  we  have  had  no  coal,  and  then  been  obli- 
gated to  go  out  on  Monday  morning  without  a  bit 
of  victuals  between  my  lips.  I've  been  so  faint  I 
couldn't  hardly  walk.  I  've  picked  the  crusts  off 
the  tables  of  the  tap-rooms  where  I  have  been  to 
hawk  my  goods,  and  put  them  in  my  pocket  to 
eat  them  on  the  sly.  Wet  and  dry  I  'm  obligated 
to  be  out ;  let  it  come  down  ever  so  hard  I  must 
be  in  it,  with  scarcely  a  bit  of  shoe,  and  turned 
60  years  old,  as  I  am.  Look  here,  sir,"  he 
said,  holding  up  his  foot;  "look  at  these  shoes, 
the  soles  is  all  loose,  you  see,  and  let  water.  On 
wet  days  I  hawk  my  goods  to  respectable  shops ; 
tap-rooms  is  no  good,  decent  people  merely  get 
insulted  there.  But  in  most  of  the  shops  as  I 
goes  to  people  tells  me,  '  My  good  man  it  is  as 
much  as  we  can  do  to  keep  ourselves  and  our 
family  in  these  cutting  times.'  Now,  just  to  show 
you  what  I  done  last  week.  Sunday,  I  laid  a-bed 
all  day  and  had  no  dinner.  Monday,  I  went  out 
in  the  morning  without  a  morsel  between  my  lips, 
and  with  only  S^d.  for  stock-money;  with  that  I 
bought  a  knife  and  sold  it  for  a  shilling,  and  then 
I  got  another  and  another  after  that,  and  that  was 
my  day's  work — three  times  3£rf.  or  lO^d.  in  all, 
to  keep  the  two  of  us.  Tursday,  I  sold  a  pair  of 
*mali  scissors  and  two  little  pearl-handled  knives, 


at  6d.  each  article,  and  cleared  IQ^d.  on  the 
whole,  and  that  is  all  I  did.  Wednesday,  I  sold  a 
razor-strop  for  6d,,  a  four-bladed  knife  for  a  shil- 
ling, and  a  small  hone  for  od. ;  by  these  I  cleared 
lOof.  altogether.  Thursday,  I  sold  a  pair  of  razors 
fora  shilling,  clearing  by  the  whole  11. X-  Fri- 
day, I  got  rid  of  a  pair  of  razors  for  Is.  9rf.,  and 
got  9d.  clear."  I  added  up  the  week's  profits  and 
found  they  amounted  to  4s.  3£e/.  "That's  about 
right,"  said  the  man,  "  out  of  that  I  shall  have  to 
pav  Is.  for  my  week's  rent ;  we  've  got  a  kitchen, 
so  that  I  leave  you  to  judge  how  we  two  can  live 
out  of  what 's  remaining."  I  told  him  it  would'nt 
average  quite  Qd.  a  day.  "  That 's  about  it,"  he 
replied,  "  we  have  half  a  loaf  of  brea/i  a  day,  and 
that  thank  God  is  only  five  farthings  tow.  This 
lasts  us  the  day,  with  two-penny-worth  of  bits  of 
meat  that  my  old  woman  buys  at  a  ham-shop, 
where  they  pare  the  hams  and  puts  the  parings  by 
on  plates  to  sell  to  poor  people ;  and  when  she  can't 
get  that,  she  buys  half  a  sheep's  head,  one  that 's 
three  or  four  days  old,  for  then  they  sells  'em  to 
the  poor  for  \\d.  the  half;  and  these  with  $d. 
worth  of  tea,  and  \d.  worth  of  sugar,  \d.  for  a 
candle,  Id.  of  coal — that 's  seven  pounds— and  |rf. 
worth  of  coke — that 's  half  a  peck — makes  up  all 
we  gets."  These  items  amount  to  Q\d.  in  all. 
"That's  how  we  do  when  we  can't  get  it,  and 
when  we  can't,  why  we  lavs  in  bed  and  goes 
without  altogether." 

OF  THE  BLIND  STREET-SELLERS  OF  TAILORS' 

NEKI>LES,  ETC. 

IT  is  customary  with  many  trades,  for  the  journey- 
men to  buy  such  articles  as  they  retire  in  their 
business  of  those  members  of  their  craft  who  have 
become  incapacitated  for  work,  either  by  old  age, 
or  by  some  affliction.  The  tailors — the  shoe- 
makers—  the  carpenters — and  many  others  do 
this.  These  sellers  are,  perhaps,  the  most  exem- 
plary instances  of  men  driven  to  the  streets,  or  to 
hawking  for  a  means  of  living ;  and  they,  one  and 
all,  are  distinguished  by  that  horror  of  the  work- 
house which  I  have  before  spoken  of  as  consti- 
tuting a  peculiar  feature  in  the  operative's  cha- 
racter. At  present  I  purpose  treating  of  the 
street-sellers  of  needles  and  "trimmings"  to  the 
tailors. 

There  are,  I  am  informed,  two  dozen  "broken- 
down"  journeymen  tailors  pursuing  this  avocation 
in  and  around  London.  "  There  may  be  more," 
said  one  who  had  lost  his  sight  stitching,  "  but  I 
get  my  information  from  the  needle  warehouse, 
where  we  all  buy  our  goods;  and  the  lady  there 
told  me  she  knew  as  many  as  twenty-four  hawkers 
who  were  once  tailors.  These  are  all  either  de- 
cayed journeymen,  or  their  widows.  Some  are 
vicapicated  by  age,  being  between  sixty  and 
seventy  years  old;  the  greater  part  of  the  aged 
journeymen,  however,  are  inmates  of  the  tailors' 
almshouses.  I  am  not  aware,"  said  my  inform- 
ant, "  of  there  being  more  than  one  very  old  man 
hawking  needles  to  the  tailors,  though  there  may 
be  many  that  I  know  nothing  about.  The  one  I 
am  acquainted  with  is  close  upon  eighty,  arid  h« 
is  a  very  respectable  man,  much  esteemed  in  St 


y  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


377 


James's  and  St.  Gecrge's ;  he  sells  needles,  and 
'London  Labour  and  the  London  Poor'  to  the  jour- 
neymen :  he  is  very  feeble  indeed,  and  can  scarcely 
get  along."  Of  the  two  dozen  needle-sellers  above 
mentioned,  there  are  only  six  who  confine  their 
"  rounds  "  solely  to  the  metropolis.  Out  of  these 
•ix  my  informant  knew  two  who  were  blind 
beside  himself  (one  of  these  sells  to  the  journey- 
men in  the  city).  There  are  other  blind  tailors 
who  were  formerly  hawkers  of  needles,  but  being 
unable  to  realize  a  subsistence  thereby,  have  been 
obliged  to  become  inmates  of  the  workhouses;  others 
have  recently  gained  admission  into  the  almshouses. 
List  February,  I  am  assured,  there  were  two  blind 
needle-sellers,  and  two  decrepit,  in  St.  James's 
workhouse.  There  are,  moreover,  two  widows  sell- 
ing tailors'  needles  in  London.  One  of  these,  I  am 
told,  is  wretchedly  poor,  being  "  eat  up  with  the 
rheumatics,  and  scarcely  able  to  move " — she  is 
the  relict  of  a  blind  journeyman,  and  well  known 
in  St.  James's.  The  other  widow  is  now  in  St. 
Fancras  Workhouse,  having  been  unable,  to  use 
the  words  of  my  informant,  "  to  get  anything  to 
keep  life  and  soul  together  at  the  needle  trade  ;  " 
she,  too,  I  am  told,  is  well  known  to  the  journey- 
men. The  tailors'  needle-sellers  confining  them- 
selves more  particularly  to  London  consist  of,  at 
present,  one  old  man,  three  blind,  one  paralyzed, 
*nd  one  widow ;  besides  these,  there  are  now  in 
the  alms-houses,  two  decrepit  and  one  paralyzed  ; 
and  one  widow  in  the  workhouse,  all  of  whom, 
till  recently,  were  needle-sellers,  and  originally 
connected  with  the  trade. 

"  That  is  all  that  I  believe  are  now  in  Lon- 
don," said  one  to  me,  "  I  should,  I  think,  know 
if  there  were  more  ;  for  it  is  not  from  one  place 
our  articles,  but  many  ;  and  there  I  hear 
that  six  is  about  the  number  of  tailors'  hawkers  in 
town  ;  the  rest  of  the  two  dozen  hawkers  that  I 
spoke  of  go  a  little  way  out  into  the  suburbs. 
The  six,  however,  stick  to  London  altogether." 
The  needle-sellers  who  go  into  the  country,  I  am 
told,  travel  as  far  as  Reading,  westward,  and  to 
Gravesend,  in  the  opposite  direction,  or  Brent- 
wood,  in  Essex,  and  they  will  keep  going 
tMck'ards  and  for'ards  to  the  metropolis  imme- 

their  stock  is  exhausted.     These  persons 
tailors'  needles,  but  women's  needles 

,  and  stay  laces  and  cottons,  and  small  ware 

•  ral,  which  they  get  from  Shepherd's,  in 
iiey  have  all  been  tailors,  and 

ipacitated  from  labour,  either  by  old  age  or 
MMM  affliction.  There  was  one  widow  of  a  tailor 
among  the  number,  but  it  is  believed  she  is  now 

too  old  to  continue  her  jounx -yx,  or  else 

•c    is   deceased.       The   town-sellers   con- 

ir   peregrinations  mostly  to  the  parishes 

s's  and  St.  George's  (my    informant 

Was  not  aware  that  any   went  even  into  Mary- 

fcbone).     One  travels  the  City,  while  the 

'•ep    to    the    West    End  ;    they    all    sell 

measures,    bodkin 
hen  they  can  get  th-  in."  I  v.an 
told,  "and  that 's  very  seldom"),  and  bew'-wax, 

-hcauons  vended  by  the*  n.. . 


pally  the  cheap  periodicals  of  the  day,  and  two  of 
these  street-sellers,  I  am  informed,  do  much  better 
with  the  sale  of  publications  than  by  the  "trim- 
mings." "  They  get  money,  sir,"  said  one  man  to 
me,  "  while  we  are  starving.  They  have  their  set 
customers  and  have  only  to  go  round  and  leav« 
the  poper,  and  then  to  get  their  money  on  the 
Monday  morning." 

The  tailors'  hawkers  buy  their  trimmings  mostly 
at  the  retail  shops.  They  have  not  stock-money 
sufficient,  I  am  assured,  to  purchase  at  the  whole- 
sale houses,  for  •'  such  a  thing  as  a  paper  of 
needles  large  tradesmen  don't  care  about  of 
selling  us  poor  men."  They  tell  me  that  if  they 
could  buy  wholesale  they  could  get  their  goods  one- 
fourth  cheaper,  and  to  be  "  obligated  "  to  purchase 
retail  is  a  great  drawback  on  their  profits.  They 
call  at  the  principal  tailors'  workshops,  and  solicit 
custom  of  the  journeymen  ;  they  are  almost  all 
known  to  the  trade,  both  masters  and  men,  and, 
having  no  other  means  of  living,  they  are  allowed 
to  enter  the  masters'  shops,  though  some  of  the 
masters,  such  as  Allen,  in  Bond-street ;  Curlewis, 
Jarvis,  and  Jones,  in  Conduit- street,  and  others, 
refuse  the  poor  fellows  even  this  small  privilege. 
The  journeymen  treat  them  very  kindly,  the 
needle-sellers  tell  me,  and  generally  give  them 
part  of  the  provisions  they  have  brought  with 
them  to  the  shop.  If  it  was  not  for  this  the 
needle-sellers,  I  am  assured,  could  hardly  live  at 
all.  "  There 's  that  boy  there,"  said  a  blind 
tailor,  speaking  of  the  youth  who  had  led  him 
to  my  house,  and  who  sat  on  the  stool  fast  asleep 
by  the  fire, — "  I  'm  sure  he  must  have  starved 
this  winter  if  it  hadn't  been  for  the  goodness  of 
the  men  to  us,  for  it's  little  that  me  and  his 
mother  has  to  give  him ;  she 's  gone  almost  as 
blind  as  myself  working  at  the  '  sank  work ' 
(making  up  soldiers'  clothing).  Oh,  ours  is  a 
miserable  life,  sir  ! — worn  out — blind  with  over 
work,  and  scarcely  a  hole  to  put  one's  head  in,  or  a 
bit  to  put  in  one's  mouth.  God  Almighty  knows 
that 's  the  bare  truth,  sir."  Sometimes  the  hawkers 
go  on  their  rounds  and  take  only  -</..  but  that  is 
not  often  ;  sometimes  they  take  5t.  in  a  day,  and 
"  that  is  the  greatest  sum,"  said  my  informant, 
"  I  ever  took;  what  others  mi-lit  do  I  cai 
but  that  I  'm  confident  is  about  the  hi^iiot 
takings."  In  the  summer  three  months  th*  a 
takings  rise  to  4s.  per  day  ;  but  in  the  winter 

1  to  !«.,  or  at  the  outside  1*.  6d.  The 
business  lasts  only  for  three  hours  and  a  half  r.-u-li 
day,  that  is  from  eight  till  half-past  eleven  in 
the  morning;  aft«r  that  no  good  is  to  be 
done.  Then  the  i  mi  told,  u» 

home,  and  the  reason  of  this   is.   I    .mi   told,  n 
they  appear   in  the  public  streets  selling  or  so* 

alms,  the  blind   are  exempt 
coming  recipients  of  the   lienrfus  of  ninny 

''•  institutions.  The  blind  man  whom  I  saw, 
told  me  that  alter  he  had  done  work  ;md  returned 
home,  he  occupied  himself  with  ].:<-<-!-  the 
MUM  of  the  soldiers  clothes  when  1  <,*  "i 
bud  sewed  them.  The  tailors'  needle-wllors  are 
all  married,  and  one  of  the  wi\es  h:m  ,-i  manglr  ; 
and  "perhaps,"  said  my  intonnant,  "  the  blind 


378 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TJIE  LONDON  POOR. 


husband  turns  the  mangle  when  he  goes  home, 
but  I  can't  say."  Another  wife  is  a  bookfolder, 
but  she  has  no  work.  The  needles  they  usually 
sell  five  a  penny  to  the  journeymen,  but  the  most 
of  the  journeymen  will  take  but  four ;  they  say 

we  can't  get  a  living  at  all  if  we  sell  the  needles 
cheaper.  The  journeymen  are  mostly  very  con- 
siderate— viry  indeed;  much  more  than  the 
en  iters  ;  for  the  masters  won't  hardly  look  at 
<js.  I  don't  know  that  a  master  ever  gave  me  a 
tar  en — and  yet  there's  some  of  them  very  sooth- 
ing and  kind  in  speaking."  The  profit  in  the 
ae  dies,  I  am  told,  is  rather  more  than  100  per 
cent. ;  "but,"  say  the  sellers,  "only  think,  sir,  we 
must  get  rid  of  150  needles  even  to  take  3s. 
The  most  we  ever  sell  in  one  shop  is  Gd.  worth — 
and  the  usual  amount  is  2d.  worth.  You  can 
easy  tell  how  many  shops  we  must  travel  round 
to,  in  order  to  get  rid  of  3s.  worth."  Take  one  shop 
with  another,  the  good  with  the  bad,  they  tell 
me  they  make  about  Id.  profit  from  each  they 
visit.  The  profit  on  the  rest  of  the  articles  they 
vend  is  about  20  per  cent.,  and  they  calculate 
that  all  the  year  round,  summer  and  winter,  they 
may  be  said  to  take  2s.  a  day,  or  12s.  a  week  ; 
out  of  which  they  clear  from  5s.  to  5.f.  6d.  They 
sell  far  more  needles  than  anything  else.  Some  of 
the  blind  needle-sellers  make  their  own  bees'-wax 
into  "  shapes,"  (pennyworths)  themselves,  melting 
into  and  pouring  into  small  moulds. 

The  blind  needle-seller  whom  I  saw  was  a 
respectable-looking  man,  with  the  same  delicacy  of 
hand  as  is  peculiar  to  tailors,  and  which  forms 
so  marked  a  contrast  to  the  horny  palms  of 
other  workmen.  He  was  tall  and  thin,  and  had 
that  upward  look  remarkable  in  all  blind  men. 
His  ey«s  gave  no  signs  of  blindness  (the  pupils 
being  full  and  black),  except  that  they  appeared 
to  be  directed  to  no  one  object,  and  though  fixed, 
were  so  without  the  least  expression  of  observation. 
His  long  black  surtout,  though  faded  in  colour,  was 
far  from  ragged,  having  been  patched  and  stitched 
in  many  places,  while  his  cloth  waistcoat  and 
trowsers  were  clean  and  neat — very  different  from 
the  garments  of  street-sellers  in  general.  In  his 
hand  he  carried  his  stick,  which,  as  he  sat,  he 
seemed  afraid  to  part  with,  for  he  held  it  fast 
between  his  knees.  He  came  to  me  accompanied 
by  his  son,  a  good-looking  rou«h-headed  lad, 
habited  in  a  washed-out-blue  French  kind  of 
pinafore,  and  whose  duty  it  was  to  lead  his 
blind  father  about  on  his  rounds.  Though  the 
boy  was  decently  clad,  still  his  clothes,  like  those 
of  his  father,  bore  many  traces  of  that  respectable 
kind  of  poverty  which  seeks  by  continuous 
mending  to  hide  its  rags  from  the  world.  The 
face  of  the  father,  too,  was  pinched,  while  there 
was  a  plain tiveness  about  his  voice  that  told 
of  a  wretched  spirit-broken  and  afflicted  man. 
Altogether  he  was  one  of  the  better  kind  of  handi- 
craftsmen— one  of  those  fine  specimens  of  the 
operatives  of  this  country — independent  even  in 
their  helplessness,  scorning  to  beg,  and  proud  to 
be  able  to  give  some  little  equivalent  for  the 
money  bestowed  on  them.  I  have  already  given 
accounts  of  the  '*  beatea-out"  mechanic  £r«"*  th<><c 


who  certainly  cannot  be  accused  of  an  excess  of  oynv 
pathy  for  the  poor — namely  the  Poor  Law  Commis- 
sioners and  masters  of  workhouses  ;  and  I  can  onlr 
add,  that  all  my  experience  goes  fully  to  bear  out 
the  justice  of  these  statements.  As  I  said  before, 
the  class  who  are  driven  to  the  streets  to  which 
the  beaten-out  or  incapacitated  operative  belongs, 
is,  of  all  others,  the  most  deserving  of  our  sympathy ; 
and  the  following  biography  of  one  of  this  order  ia 
given  to  teach  us  to  look  with  a  kindly  eye  upon 
the  many  who  are  forced  to  become  street-sellers  as 
the  sole  means  of  saving  themselves  from  the  de- 
gradation of  pauperism  or  beggary. 

"I  am  45  years  of  age  next  June,"  said 
the  blind  tailor.  "  It  is  upwards  of  30  years 
since  I  first  went  to  work  at  the  tailoring  trade  in 
London.  I  learnt  my  business  "under  one  of  the 
old  hands  at  Mr.  Cook's,  in  Poland-street,  and 
after  that  went  to  work  at  (iuthrie's,  in  Bond- 
street.  I  belonged  to  the  Society  held  at  the 
Old  White  Hart.  I  continued  working  for  the 
honourable  trade  and  belonging  to  Society  for 
about  15  years.  My  weekly  earnings  then  ave- 
raged I/.  ICs.  a  week  while  I  was  at  work,  and  for 
several  years  I  was  seldom  out  of  work,  for  when 
I  got  into  a  shop  it  was  a  long  time  before  I  got  out 
again.  I  was  not  married  then.  I  lived  in  a  first 
floor  back  room,  well-furnished,  and  could  do  very 
comfortably  indeed.  I  saved  often  my  15.?.  or  16s. 
in  a  week,  and  was  worth  a  good  bit  of  money  np 
to  the  time  of  my  first  illness.  At  one  period  I  had 
nearly  5<'/.  by  me, and  had  it  not  been  for  "vaca- 
tions" and  "slack  seasons"  I  should  have  put  by 
more;  but  you  see  to  be  out  of  work  even  a  few 
weeks  makes  a  large  hole  in  a  journeyman's 
I,  All  this  time  I  subscribed  regularly  to 
.  and  knew  that  if  I  got  superannuated  I 
should  be  comfortably  maintained  by  the  trade. 
I  felt  quite  happy  with  the  consciousness  of  being 
provided  for  in  my  old  age  or  affliction  then,  and 
if  it  had  not  been  for  that  perhaps  I  might  have 
saved  more  even  than  I  did.  I  went  on  in  this 
way,  as  I  said  before,  for  15  year.",  and  no  one 
could  have  been  happier  than  I  was — not  a 
working  man  in  all  England  couldn't.  I  had 
my  silver  watch  and  chain.  I  could  lay  out  my 
trifle  every  week  in  a  few  books,  and  used  to  have 
a  trip  now  and  then  up  and  down  the  river,  just 
to  blow  the  London  smoke  off,  you  know.  About 
15  years  ago  my  eyes  began  to  fail  me  without 
any  pain  at  all ;  they  got  to  have  as  it  were  a 
thick  mist,  like  smoke,  before  them.  I  couldn't  see 
anything  clear.  Working  by  gas-light  at  first 
weakened  and  at  last  destroyed  the  nerve  altoge- 
ther. I  'm  now  in  total  darkness.  I  can  only  tell 
when  the  gas  is  lighted  by  the  heat  of  it. 

"  It  is  not  the  black  clothes  that  is  trying  to  the 
sight — black  is  the  steadiest  of  all  colours  to  work 
at;  white  and  all  bright  colours  makes  the  eyes 
water  after  looking  at  'em  for  any  long  time  ;  but  of 
all  colours  scarlet,  such  as  is  used  for  regimentals, 
is  the  most  blinding,  it  seems  to  burn  the  eye- 
balls, and  makes  them  ache  dreadful.  After 
working  at  red  there's  always  flying  colours 
before  the  eves :  there  's  no  steady  colour  to  be 
seen  in  anything  for  some  time.  Everything 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


879 


•eems  all  of  a  twitter,  and  to  keep  changing  its 
tint  There's  more  military  tailors  blind  than  any 
others.  A  great  number  of  tailors  go  blind,  but 
a  great  many  more  has  lost  their  sight  since  gas- 
light has  come  up.  Candle-light  was  not  half  so 
pernicious  to  the  sight.  Gas-light  is  so  very 
heating,  and  there's  such  a  glare  with  it  that  it 
makes  the  eyes  throb,  and  shoot  too,  if  you  work 
long  by  it  I've  often  continued  working  past 
midnight  with  no  other  light  than  that,  and 
then  my  eyes  used  to  feel  like  two  bits  of  burning 
coals  in  my  head.  And  you  see,  sir,  the  worst  of 
it  was,  aa  I  found  my  sight  going  bad  I  was 
obliged  to  try  it  more,  so  as  to  keep  up  with  my 

in  the  shop.  At  last  my  eyes  got  so 
weak  that  I  was  compelled  to  give  up  work,  and 
go  into  the  country,  and  there  I  stopped,  living 
on  mv  savings,  .and  unable  to  do  any  work  for 
fear  of  losing  my  sight  altogether.  I  was  away 
about  three  years,  and  then  all  my  money  was 
gone,  and  I  was  obligated,  in  spite  of  my  eyes,  to 
ck  to  work  again.  But  then,  with  my 
sight  defective  as  it  was,  I  could  get  no  employ- 
ment at  the  honourable  trade,  and  so  I  had  to 
take  a  seat  in  a  shop  at  one  of  the  cheap  houses 
in  the  city,  and  that  was  the  ruin  of  me  entirely  ; 
for  working  there,  of  course  I  got  "  scratched  '' 
from  the  trade  Society,  and  so  lost  all  hope  of 
being  provided  for  by  them  in  my  helplessness. 
The  workshop  at  this  cheap  house  was  both 
small  and  badly  ventilated.  It  was  about  seven 
foot  square,  and  so  low,  that  as  you  sot  on  the 
floor  you  could  touch  the  ceiling  with  the  tip 

r  finger.  In  this  place  seven  of  us 
worked  —  three  on  each  side  and  one  in  the 
middle.  Two  of  my  shopmates  were  boys,  or 
else  I  am  sure  it  would  not  have  held  us 
all.  There  was  no  chimney,  nor  no  window  that 
could  be  opened  to  let  the  air  in.  It  was  lighted 
by  a  skylight,  and  this  would  neither  open  nor 
shut.  The  only  means  for  letting  out  the  foul 
air  was  one  of  them  working  ventilators — like 
a  know,  sir — fixed  in  one  of  the 
pane*  of  glass  ;  but  this  wouldn't  work,  so  there 
•a  5  in  the  morning  till  10  at 

working  in  this  dreadful  place.     There  was 

DO  fire  in  the  winter,  though   we  never  needed 

ono,    for   the    workshop    was   over-hot  from    the 

•uflbcati'.n,  and   in    the   summer    it  was  like  an 

is  what  it  was  in   the   daytime,  hut 

mortil  tongue  can't  tell  what  it  was  at  night,  with 

the    two    gas-lighU   burning  away,   and   almost 

us.     Many  a  time  some  of  the  men   lias 

been  carried  out  by  the  others  fa!) 

til  fell  ill,  every  one  of  them,  and  I  lost 
toy  eyes  and  my  living  entire!  .'.•  ipokc 

k/.ling  us,  and   though  when   he  came  up 

-wlf,  be  was  nearly  blown  back  by 
the    stench    and    heat,    he    would    not 
my    other   room    to    work    in— » 

nee  up  stairs.     lie  paid 
:  iure    than     half   the    regular    wag- 
••ployed  such  men  ns  myself — only  those  who 

A   |lh    ill- 

MM  and  all,  I  don't  think  my  wages  there  avenged 


above  1 2.--.  a  week :  sometimes  I  could  make 
I/,  in  the  week,  but  then,  the  next  week,  maybe 
I  'd  be  ill,  and  would  get  but  a  few  shillings.  It 
was  impossible  to  save  anything  then — even  to 
pay  one's  way  was  a  difficulty,  and,  at  last,  I  was 
seized  with  rheumatics  on  the  brain,  and  obliged 
to  go  into  St.  Thomas's  Hospital.  I  was  there 
eleven  months,  and  came  out  stone  Hind.  I  am 
convinced  I  lost  my  eyesight  by  working  in  that 
cheap  shop  ;  nothing  on  earth  will  ever  persuade 
me  to  the  contrary,  and  what's  mere,  my  master 
robbed  me  of  a  third  of  my  wages  and  my  sight 
too,  and  left  me  helpless  in  the  world,  as,  God 
knows,  I  am  now.  It  is  by  the  ruin  of  such  men 
as  me  that  these  masters  are  enabled  to  undersell 
the  better  shops ;  they  get  hold  of  the  men  whose 
eyes  are  just  beginning  to  fail  them,  like  mine  did, 
because  they  know  they  can  get  them  to  cheapwork, 
and  then,  just  at  the  time  when  a  journeyman  re- 
quires to  be  in  the  best  of  shops,  have  the  best  of 
air,  and  to  work  as  little  by  gas-light  as  pos.-ible, 
they  puts  him  into  a  hole  of  a  place  that  would 
stifle  a  rat,  and  keeps  him  working  there  half  the 
night  through.  That 's  the  way,  sir,  the  cheap 
clothes  is  produced,  by  making  blind  beggars  of 
the  workmen,  like  myself,  and  throwing  us  on  the 
parish  in  our  old  age.  You  are  riyht,  sir,  they 
not  only  robs  the  men  but  the  ratepayers  too. 

"  Well,  sir,  as  I  said,  I  come  out  of  the  hospi- 
tal stone  blind,  and  have  been  in  darknc.- 
since,  and  that 's  near  upon  ten  years  ago.  I  often 
dream  of  colours,  and  see  the  most  delightful  pic- 
tures in  the  world;  nothing  that  I  ever  behekl 
with  my  eyes  can  equal  them — they  're  so  brilliant, 
and  clear  and  beautiful.  I  see  then  the  features 
and  figures  of  all  my  old  friends,  and  I  can't  tell 
you  how  pleasureable  it  is  to  me.  When  I  haVe 
such  dreams  they  so  excite  me  that  I  am  ill  all 
the  next  day.  I  often  see,  too,  the  fields,  with  the 
cows  grazing  on  a  beautiful  green  pasture,  and  the 
flowers,  just  at  twilight  like,  closing  up  their 
blossoms  as  they  do.  I  never  dream  of  rivj-r." ; 
nor  do  I  ever  remember  seeing  a  field  of  corn  in 
my  visions;  it's  strange  1  never  dreamt  in  any 
shape  of  the  corn  or  the  rivers,  i 
didn't  take  so  much  notice  of  them  as  of  the  others. 
Sometimes  I  see  the  sky,  and  very  often  indeed 
there's  a  rainbow  in  it,  with  all  kinds  of  beautiful 
colours.  The  sun  is  a  thin-  1  oitm  dream  about 
seeing,  going  down  like  a  ball  of  lire  at  the  rlo.M- 
of  the  day.  1  never  dreamt  of  the  s-tars.  nor  the 
moon— it's  mostly  bright  colours  that  I 

"  1  have  been  under  all  the  oculists  I  could  hear 

of — Mr.  Turnbull,   in   Kiissell-s<]uare,   but   he  did 

-<>"d  ;  then   ;  .  niidtT 

Mr.  (iuthrie,  and   he  gave   me   a  blind   cert 

and  made  me  a  present   of   i  /n:   h<> 

'    -npered  with  again, 

as  thf  ",  •> as   tot. illy  decayed.      01 

"i  Id    I  'd  gi-. 

!..r'  it  'H    ilm 
greatest  pn-> 

I    am    a    sinner,    and    believo 
I'm  so  nfllii :  nt  of  my  sins.     N<>,  sir, 

it's  ii«  : 
I  had  my  »;_.  aiber  I 


380 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TJIE  LONDON  POOR. 


could  •till  see  the  light  through  the  lids,  the  very 
same  as  when  you  hold  your  hand  up  before  the 
candle;  but  mine's  far  darker  than  that — pitch 
black.  I  see  a  dark  mass  like  before  me,  and 
never  any  change — everlasting  darkness,  and  no 
chance  of  a  light  or  shade  in  this  world.  But  I 
feel  consolated  some  how,  now  it  is  settled  ;  al- 
though it 's  a  very  poor  comfort  after  all.  I  go  along 
the  streets  in  great  fear.  If  a  baby  have  hold 
of  me,  I  am  firm,  but  by  myself,  I  reel  about 
like  a  drunken  man.  I  feel  very  timid  unless 
I  have  hold  of  something — not  to  support  me, 
but  to  assure  me  I  shall  not  fall.  If  I  was 
going  down  your  staircase,  sir,  I  should  be  all 
right  so  long  as  I  touched  the  bannister,  but  if  I 
missed  that,  I  'm  sure  I  should  grow  so  giddy  and 
nervous  I  should  fall  from  the  top  to  the  bottom. 
After  losing  my  sight,  I  found  a  great  difficulty 
in  putting  my  food  into  my  mouth,  for  a  long 
time — six  months  or  better — and  I  was  obliged  to 
have  some  one  to  guide  my  hand,  for  I  used  often 
to  put  the  fork  up  to  my  forehead  instead  of 
my  mouth.  Shortly  after  my  becoming  quite  blind, 
I  found  all  my  other  senses  much  quickened — 
my  hearing — feeling — and  reckoning.  I  got  to  like 
music  very  much  indeed ;  it  seemed  to  elevate  me 
— to  animate  and  cheer  me  much  more  than  it 
did  before,  and  so  much  so  now,  that  when  it 
ceases,  I  feel  duller  than  ever.  It  sounds  as  if  it 
was  in  a  wilderness  to  me — I  can't  tell  why,  but 
that 's  all  I  can  compare  it  to  ;  as  if  I  was  quite 
alone  with  it.  My  smell  and  taste  is  very  acute" 
(he  was  given  some  violets  to  smell) — "Oh,  that's 
beautiful,"  he  cried,  "  very  reviving  indeed.  Often 
of  an  evening,  I  can  see  things  in  my  imagination, 
and  that's  why  I  like  to  sit  alone  then;  for 
of  all  the  beautiful  thoughts  that  ever  a  man 
possessed,  there  's  none  to  equal  a  blind  man's, 
when  he 's  by  hisself. 

"  I  don't  see  my  early  home,  but  occurrences 
that  has  recently  took  place.  I  see  them  all  plain 
before  me,  in  colours  as  vivid  as  if  I  had  my 
sight  again,  and  the  people  all  dressed  in  the 
fashion  of  my  time  ;  the  clothes  seem  to  make  a 
great  impression  on  me,  and  I  often  sit  and  see  in 
my  mind  master  tailors  trying  a  coat  on  a  gen- 
tleman, and  pulling  it  here  and  there.  The  figures 
keep  passing  before  me  like  soldiers,  and  often 
I  'm  so  tonk  by  them  that  I  forget  I  'in  blind,  and 
turn  my  head  round  to  look  after  them  as  they 
pass  by  me.  But  that  sort  of  thinking  would 
throw  me  into  a  melancholly — it's  too  exciting 
while  it  lasts,  and  then  leaves  me  dreadful  dull 
afterwards.  I  have  got  much  more  melancholy 
since  my  blindness;  before  then,  I  was  not  se- 
riously given,  but  now  I  find  great  consolation  in 
religion.  I  think  my  blindness  is  sent  to  try  my 
patience  and  resignation,  and  I  pray  to  the  Al- 
nrghty  to  give  me  strength  to  bear  with  my 
affliction.  I  was  quick  and  hot-tempered  before  I 
was  blind,  but  since  then,  I  have  got  less  hasty 
like;  ill  other  troubles  appears  nothing  to  me. 
Sometimss  I  revile  against  my  affliction — too  fre- 
quently— but  that  is  at  my  thoughtless  moments, 
for  when  I  'm  calm  and  serious,  I  feel  thankful 
that  the  Almighty  has  touched  me  with  his  cor- 


recting rod,  and  then  I  'm  happy  and  at  p«ac« 
with  all  the  world,  if  1  had  run  my  race,  and 
not  been  stopped,  I  night  never  have  believed 
there  wus  a  God.  My  wife  works  at  the 
'  sank  work.'  She  makes  soldiers'  coats ;  aha 
gets  Is.  Id.  for  making  one,  and  that's  nearly 
a  day  and  a  half's  work ;  ther.  she  has  to 
find  her  own  trimmings,  and  they're  Id.  It 
takes  her  16  hours  to  finish  one  garment,  and 
the  over-work  at  that  is  beginning  to  make  her 
like  as  I  was  myself.  If  she  takes  up  a  book  to 
read  to  me  now,  it's  all  like  a  dirty  mass  befoie 
her,  and  that's  just  as  my  sight  was  before  I  lost 
it  altogether.  She  slaves  hard  to  help  me  ;  she's 
anxious  and  willing — indeed  too  much  so.  If  she 
could  get  constant  work,  she  might  perhaps  make 
about  7«.  a  week;  but  as  it  is,  her  earnings  are, 
take  one  week  with  another,  not  more  than  3s. 
Last  week  she  earned  5s. ;  but  that  was  the  first 
job  of  work  she  'd  had  to  do  for  two  months.  I 
think  the  two  of  us  make  on  an  average  about  8s. ; 
and  out  of  that  there  is  three  people  to  keep — our 
two  selves  and  our  boy.  Our  rent  is  2s.  6d.,  so 
that  after  paying  that,  we  has  about  5s.  6d.  left 
for  food,  firing,  and  clothing  for  the  whole  of  us. 
How  we  do  it  I  can't  tell;  but  I  know  we  live 
very,  very  hard  :  mostly  on  pieces  of  bread  that 
the  men  gives  to  me  and  my  boy,  as  we  go  round 
to  the  workshops.  If  we  was  any  of  us  to  fall  ill, 
we  must  all  go  to  the  parish ;  if  my  boy  was  to 
go  sick,  I  should  be  left  without  any  one  to  lead 
me  about,  and  that  would  be  as  bad  as  if  I  was 
laid-up  myself;  and  if  anything  was  to  happen  to 
my  wife,  I'd  be  done  clean  altogether.  But  yet 
the  Lord  is  very  pood,  and  we  'd  get  out  of  that, 
I  dare  say.  If  anything  was  to  drive  me  to  the 
parish,  I  should  lose  all  hopes  of  getting  some 
help  from  the  blind  institutions;  and  so  I  dread 
the  workhouse  worse  than  all.  I  'd  sooner  die 
on  the  step  of  a  door,  any  time,  than  go  there 
and  be  what  they  call  well  kept.  I  don't  know 
why  I  should  have  a  dislike  to  going  there,  but 
yet  I  do  possess  it.  I  do  believe,  that  any  one 
that  is  willing  to  work  for  their  bread,  hates  a 
workhouse;  for  the  workhouse  coat  is  a  slothful, 
degrading  badge.  After  a  man  has  had  one  on 
his  back,  he  's  never  the  same.  I  would  'nt  go  for 
an  order  for  relief  so  long  as  I  could  get  a  half- 
penny loaf  in  twenty-four  hours.  If  I  could  only 
get  some  friend  to  give  me  a  letter  of  recommenda- 
tion to  Mr.  Day's  Charity  for  the  Blind,  I  should 
be  happy  for  the  rest  of  my  days.  I  could  give 
the  best  of  references  to  any  one  who  would  take 
pity  on  me  in  my  affliction." 

THE  PUBLIC-HOUSE  HAWKERS  OP  METAL 

SPOONS,  ETC. 

THE  public-house  hawkers  are  never  so  prog- 
perous  as  those  who  confine  their  calling  to  private 
houses ;  they  are  often  invited  to  partake  of 
drink ;  are  not  the  most  industrious  class  o* 
hawkers,  and,  to  use  their  own  language,  are  more 
frequently  hard  up  than  those  who  keep  away 
from  tap-room  selling.  The  profits  of  the  small 
hawkers  in  public-houses  vary  considerably.  Some 
of  them,  when  they  have  earned  a  shilling  or  tw<^ 


LONDON  LABOUR  A#L>  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


881 


•re  content  to  spend  it  before  they  leave  the  tap- 
room, and  so  they  lose  both  their  stock  and  profit. 
I  do  not  mean  to  infer  that  this  is  the  case  with  the 
whole  of  the  public-house  hawkers,  for  some  among 
them  strive  hard  to  better  their  condition,  and 
occasionally  succeed ;  but  there  are  too  many  who 
are  content  to  drawl  out  their  existence  by  always 
•uffering  to-morrow  to  provide  for  itself.  The 
man  who  gave  me  the  routine  of  small  hawkers' 
business  I  found  in  a  tap-room  in  Ratcliffe 
Highway.  He  was  hawking  tea-spoons,  and  all 
the  stock  he  possessed  was  half-a-dozen.  These 
he  importuned  me  to  purchase  with  great  earnest- 
ness.  He  prayed  of  me  to  lay  out  a  trifle  with 
him.  He  had  not  taken  a  penny  the  whole  day  he 
said,  and  had  nothing  to  eat.  "  What 's  much  worse 
for  such  as  me,"  he  added,  "I'm  dying  for  a  glass 
of  rum."  I  might  have  his  tea-spoons,  he  told  me, 
at  any  price.  If  I  would  but  pay  for  a  glass  of  rum 
for  him  they  should  be  mine.  I  assured  him  some 
bread  and  cheese  would  do  him  more  good,  as 
he  had  not  eaten  anything  that  day  ;  but  still  he 
votUd  have  the  rum.  With  a  trembling  hand  he 
threw  the  liquor  down  his  throat,  smacked  his 
lips,  and  said  "  that  there  dram  has  saved  my  life." 
A  few  minutes  afterwards  he  sold  his  spoons  to  a 
customer  for  sixpence  ;  and  he  had  another  glass 
of  rum.  '•  Soic,"  said  he,  "  I  'm  all  right  for 
business;  if  I'd  twopence  more  I  could  buy  a 
dozen  tea-spoons,  and  I  should  earn  a  '  bob '  or 
two  yet  before  I  went  to  bed."  After  this  he 
grew  communicative,  and  told  me  he  was  as  good 
a  hawker  as  there  was  in  London,  and  he  thought 
he  could  do  more  than  any  other  man  with  a 
•mall  stock.  He  had  two  or  three  times  resolved 
to  better  himself,  and  had  *  put  in  the  pin,'  mean- 
ing he  had  made  a  vow  to  refrain  from  drink- 
ing ;  but  he  had  broken  out  again  and  gone  on 
in  his  old  course  until  he  bad  melted  the  whole  of 
his  stock,  though  twice  it  had,  during  his  sobriety, 
amounted  to  5J.,  and  was  often  worth  between 
2t  and  3/.  It  was  almost  maddening  when  he 
came  to  his  senses,  he  said,  to  find  he  had  acted  so 
foolishly ;  indeed,  it  was  so  disheartening  to  discover 
all  the  result  of  his  good  resolutions  dissipated  in  a 
moment,  that  he  declared  he  never  intended  to  try 
again.  After  having  drunk  out  his  stock,  he  would 
if  possible  commence  with  half-a-dozen  Britannia 
metal  tea-spoons ;  these  cost  him  6d.,  and  would 
sell  for  'Jd.  or  l.».  When  one  half-dozen  were  dis- 
posed of  he  would  procure  another,  adding  a  knif.-, 
or  a  comb  or  two.  If  entirely  destitute,  he  would 
•tick  a  needle  in  a  cork,  and  request  to  know  of 
"  the  parties"  assembled  in  «ome  tap-room,  if  they 
wanted  anything  in  the  ironmongery  line,  though 
the  needle  was  all  the  stock  he  had.  This  was 
done  tot  the  purpose  of  "  raiting  the  wind  ;"  and 

••  would  be  sure  to  obtain  a  glass  or  • 
alt    if   he    introduced    himself    with    his 
iMWgeiY  establishment"  among  the  sailors.   Some- 
time* fee   would   manage   to  beg   a   few  pence, 

en    be    would    purchase  a  k. 
brae**,  or  half  a  dozen   tea-spoons,  and  begin   to 
practise  his  trade  in  a  legitimate  mam 
swrr  Ui  my   inquiry   he   §<;•!    he  hud   not  always 
a*»  *  iuwker.     UU  father  bad  bn-u  a  soldier, 


and  he  had  worked  in  the  armoury.  His  father 
had  been  discharged  upon  a  pension,  and  he  •  the 
hawker)  left  the  army  with  his  parents.  He  iiad 
never  enlisted  while  his  father  was  a  soldier,  but 
he  had  since.  His  mother  adopted  the  business 
of  a  hawker  upon  the  receipt  of  his  father's  first 
quarter's  pension  ;  and  then  he  used  to  accompany 
her  on  her  rounds.  With  the  pension  and  the 
mother's  exertions  they  managed  to  subsist  tolera- 
bly well.  "  Being  the  only  child,  I  was  foolishly 
spoilt  by  my  parents,"  he  said  ;  "  and  when  I 
was  a  very  young  man  —  15  or  16—1  became  a 
great  trouble  to  them.  At  18  I  enlisted  in 
the  7th  Fusileers,  remained  in  the  regiment  three 
months,  and  then,  at  my  own  request,  was 
bought  off.  My  mother  sold  off  most  of  her 
stock  of  goods  to  raise  the  money  (twenty  pounds). 
When  I  returned  home  I  could  not  think  of 
trudging  by  my  mother's  side,  as  I  had  been  used 
to  do  when  carrying  the  goods;  nor  did  I  feel 
inclined  to  exert  myself  in  any  way  for  my  own 
support.  I  considered  my  mother  had  a  right  to 
keep  me  without  my  working,  and  she,  poor  thing, 
thought  so  too.  I  was  not  only  supported  in  idle- 
ness, but  my  mother  would  give  me  many  a 
shilling,  though  she  could  ill  afford  it,  for  me  to 
spend  with  my  companions.  I  passed  most  of  my 
time  in  a  skittle  ground.  I  was  not  what  you 
might  term  a  skittle  sharp,  for  I  never  entered 
into  a  plot  to  victimise  any  person,  although  I 
confess  I  have  often  bet  upon  the  '  greenness  '  of 
those  who  were  silly  enough  to  make  wagers  that 
they  could  not  possibly  win.  Sometimes,  after  I  had 
lost  the  trifle  supplied  me  by  my  mother,  I  would 
return,  and  be  blackguard  enough  to  assume  the 
bully  unless  my  demands  on  her  for  a  further 
supply  were  attended  to.  Poor  thing,  she  was 
very  meek,  and  with  tears  in  her  eyes  she  would 
grant  my  request.  I  often  weep  when  I  think 
how  I  treated  her"  (here  the  tears  trickled  down 
the  man's  cheek),  "  and  yet,  badly  as  I  used  her, 
in  my  heart  I  loved  her  very  much.  I  got 
tired  of  the  skittle  grounds  in  consequence 
of  getting  into  a  hobble  relative  to  a  skittle 
swindle  :  some  sharpers  had  obtained  a  flat  ;  I 
was  speculating  in  a  small  way,  betting  pennies 
and  twopences  in  such  a  manner  as  always 
to  win  ;  I  was  practising  upon  the  flat  upon  my 
own  account,  without  having  any  connection  with 
the  others  ;  they  fleeced  their  (kipe  out  of  several 
pounds,  and  he  made  a  row  about  it.  The  police 
interfered,  and  I  was  singled  out  as  one  of  the 
;  tin-  principals  were  also  apprehended  ;  they 
got  six  months  each,  and  I  was  accomm* 
with  a  month's  board  and  lodging  at  the  expense 
ii.  a;.  >ii.  I  thought  this  at  the  time  unjust, 


but  I  w;u»  as  culpable  as  any  of  them,  for  at 
the.  time  I  nnly  regretted  I  had  not  more  money  to 
stake  larger  wagers,  and  envied  the  other  parties 
who  were  making  a  better  thing  of  the  business 
th.m  i  was.  Whrn  I  came  out  of  jail,  my 
poor  mother  treated  me  us  a  martyr.  She  thought 
I  was  as  innocent  as  a  child.  Shortly  after  my 
release  from  prison  my  father  died,  .,i,  i  with  him 

.     •  a.-«  t.'n  ii  <il' 
to  «J«  something  for  myself.   A  few  »hilliiijp'  wortk 


862 


LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  goods  only  were  procured — for  my  father's  fune- 
ral and  my  extravagances  had  sadly  crippled  my 
mother's  means.  I  behaved  very  well  for  a  short 
time.  My  mother  then  was  often  ill,  and  she 
never  recovered  the  death  of  my  father.  In 
about  a  year  after  my  father  died  I  lost  my 
mother ;  our  stock  of  goods  had  dwindled  down 
to  a  very  poor  lot,  and  I  was  obligated  to  ask  relief 
of  the  parish  towards  her  funeral  expenses.  When 
all  was  over,  the  value  of  my  goods  and  cash 
did  not  amount  to  20s.  Ten  years  have  elapsed 
since  my  mother's  death,  and  I  don't  think  I  have 
ever  been,  during  the  whole  period,  sober  for  a 
month  together." 

While  I  sat  in  this  tap-room,  I  counted  in  the 
course  of  an  hour  and  a  quarter, — 4  hawkers  of 
sheep's  trotters,  who  visited  the  place  ;  3  sellers 
of  shrimps,  pickled  whelks,  and  periwinkles; 
2  baked  potato-sellers  ;  8  song-hawkers  ;  the  same 
number  with  lucifer  matches ;  and  3  with  braces, 
&c.  Not  one  of  these  effected  a  sale. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  JEWELLERY. 
THE  jewellery  now  sold  in  the  streets  far  ex- 
ceeds, both  in  cheapness  and  quality,  what  was 
known  even  ten  years  ago.  Fifty  years  ago  the 
jewellery  itinerant  trade  was  almost  entirely,  if 
not  entirely,  in  the  hands  of  Jews,  who  at  any 
rate  professed  to  sell  really  gold  articles,  and  who 
asked  large  prices ;  but  these  traders  have  lost 
their  command  over  this,  as  I  have  shown  that  they 
have  over  other  street  callings,  as  not  a  twelfth  of 
the  street-jewellers  are  now  Jews.  A  common 
trade  among  such  street  and  country  itinerant 
jewellers  was  in  large  watch  seals,  the  bodies  of 
which  were  of  lead,  more  or  less  thickly  plated 
with  gold,  and  which  were  unsaleable  even  as  old 
metal  until  broken  to  pieces, — but  not  always  sale- 
able then.  The  street  or  itinerant  trade  was  for 
a  long  time  afterwards  carried  on  only  by  those 
who  were  regularly  licensed  as  hawkers,  and  who 
preferred  "barter"  or  "swopping"  to  actual  sale, 
the  barter  being  usually  for  other  and  more  solid 
articles  of  the  goldsmith's  trade. 

The  introduction  of  "mosaic"  and  other  cheap 
modes  of  manufacturing  quasi  gold  ornaments, 
brought  about  considerable  changes  in  the  trade, 
pertaining,  however,  more  to  the  general  manu- 
facture, than  to  that  prepared  for  the  streets. 

The  itinerants  usually  carry  their  wares  in 
boxes  or  cases,  which  shut  up  close,  and  can  be 
slung  on  the  shoulder  for  conveyance,  or  hung 
round  the  neck  for  the  purposes  of  sale.  These 
cases  are  nearly  all  glazed ;  within  them  the 
jewellery  is  disposed  in  such  manner  as,  in  the 
street-seller's  judgment,  is  the  most  attractive.  A 
card  of  the  larger  brooches,  or  of  cameos,  often 
forms  the  centre,  and  the  other  spate  is  occupied 
with  the  shawl-pins,  with  their  globular  tops  of 
ecarlet  or  other  coloured  glass :  rings,  armlets, 
necklaces,  a  few  earrings  and  ear-drops,  and 
sometimes  a  few  side -combs,  small  medals  for 
keepsakes,  clasps,  beads,  and  bead-purses,  orna- 
mental buttons  for  dresses,  gilt  buckles  for  waist- 
belts,  thimbles,  &c.,  constitute  the  street  jeweller's 
•tock-in- trade.  The  usual  prices  are  from  Id.  to 


Is.  6rf. ;  the  price  most  frequency  obtained  for  - 
any  article  being  '3d.  It  will  be  seen  from  the 
enumeration  of  the  articles,  that  the  stock  is  such 
as  is  required  "  for  women's  wear,"  and  women 
are  now  almost  the  sole  customers  of  the  street- 
jewellers.  "  In  my  time,  sir,"  said  one  elderly 
street-trader,  "  or  rather,  when  I  was  a  boy,  and 
in  my  uncle's  time — for  he  was  in  jewellery,  and 
I  helped  him  at  times — quite  different  sorts  of 
jewellery  was  sold,  and  quite  different  prices  was 
had;  what's  a  high  figure  now  was  a  low  figure 
then.  I  've  known  children's  coral  and  bells  in 
my  uncle's  stock — well,  I  don't  know  whether  it 
was  real  coral  or  not — and  big  watch  keys  with 
coloured  stones  in  the  centre  on  'em,  such  as  I  've 
seen  old  gents  keep  spinning  round  when  they 
was  talking,  and  big  seals  and  watch-chains ; 
there  weren't  no  guards  then,  as  I  remember. 
And  there  was  plated  fruit-knives — silver,  as  near 
as  a  toucher — and  silver  pencils  (pencil-cases),  and 
gilt  lockets,  to  give  your  sweetheart  your  hair  in 
for  keepsakes.  Lor'  bless  you  1  times  is  turned 
upside  down." 

The  disposition  of  the  street-stalls  is  somewhat 
after  the  same  fashion  as  that  in  the  itinerant's 
box,  with  the  advantage  of  a  greater  command  of 
space.  Some  of  the  stalls — one  in  Tottenham- 
court  Road,  I  may  instance,  and  another  in  White- 
chapel — make  a  great  show. 

I  did  not  hear  of  any  in  this  branch  of  the 
jewellery  trade  who  had  been  connected  with  it 
as  working  jewellers.  I  heard  of  two  journey- 
men watchmakers  and  four  clockmakers  now 
selling  jewellery  (but  often  with  other  things,  such 
as  eye-glasses)  in  the  street,  but  that  is  all.  The 
street  mass  selling  jewellery  in  town  and  country 
are,  I  believe,  composed  of  the  various  classes  whc 
constitute  the  street-traders  generally. 

Of  the  nature  of  his  present  trade,  and  of  the 
class  of  his  customers,  I  had  the  following  ac- 
count from  a  man  of  twelve  years'  experience  in 
the  vending  of  street  jewellery  : — 

"  It 's  not  very  easy  to  tell,  sir,"  he  said,  "  what 
sells  best,  for  people  begins  to  suspect  everything, 
and  seems  to  think  they  're  done  if  they  give  M. 
for  an  airate  brooch,  and  finds  out  it  ain't  set  in 
gold.  I  think  agate  is  about  the  best  part  of  the 
trade  now.  It  seems  a  stone  as  is  easy  imitated. 
Cornelians,  too,  ain't  so  bad  in  brooches — people 
likes  the  colour  ;  but  not  what  they  was,  and  not 
up  to  agates.  But  nothing  is  up  to  what  it  once 
was  ;  not  in  the  least.  Sell  twice  as  much — when 
you  can,  which  often  stands  over  till  to-morrow 
come-never — and  get  half  the  profit.  I  don't  ex- 
pect very  much  from  the  Great  Exhibition.  They 
sends  goods  so  cheap  from  Germany,  they  '11  think 
anything  dear  in  London,  if  it 's  only  at  German 
prices.  I  think  it 's  a  mistake  to  fancy  that  the 
cheaper  a  jewellery  article  is  the  more  yon 
of  it.  You  won't.  People  's  of  opinion — at 
least  that 's  my  notion  of  it — that  it 's  so  common 
everybody  '11  have  it,  and  so  they  won't  touch  it. 
It  's  Thames  water,  sir,  against  beer,  is  poor  low- 
priced  jewellery,  against  tidy  and  fair-j>riced  ;  but 
then  the  low-priced  has  now  ruined  the  other  sorts, 
for  they  're  all  thought  to  go  under  the  same  uut- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  T1IK  LONDON  POOR. 


883 


brella,--all  of  a  sort;  1*.  or  Id.  Why,  as  to 
who  'g  the  best  customers,  that  depends  on  where 
you  pitches  your  pitch,  or  works  your  round,  and 
whether  you  are  known,  or  are  merely  a  upstart. 
But  I  can  tell  you,  sir,  who  's  been  my  best  cus- 
tomers— and  is  yet,  but  not  so  good  as  they  was 
— and  that 's  women  of  the  town  ;  and  mostly  (for 
I  've  tried  most  places)  about  Ratcliff  Highway, 

chapel,  Mile-end-road,  Bethnal-green,  and 
Oxford-street.  The  sailors'  gals  is  the  best  of  all ; 
but  a'most  all  of  them  is  very  particular,  and 
some  is  uncommon  tiresome.  '  I  'm  afeard,'  they 
says,  '  this  colour  don't  suit  my  complexion  ;  it 's 
too  light,  or  it 's  too  dark.  Ho\v  does  that  ring 
show  on  my  finger  V  I  've  known  some  of  the  fat 
and  fair  ones — what  had  been  younger,  but  would 
be  older — say,  '  Let  me  have  a  necklace  of  bright 
black  beads  ;'  them  things  shows  best  with  the  fat 
'uns — but  in  gen'ral  them  poor  creatures  is  bad 
judges  of  what  becomes  them.  The  things  they  're 
the  most  particular  of  all  in  is  necklaces.  Amber 
and  pearl  sells  most,  I  have  them  from  6d.  to 
1*.  Qd.  I  never  get  more  than  1  s.  6d.  Cornelian 
necklaces  is  most  liked  by  children,  and  most 
bought  for  them.  I  've  trusted  tlve  women  of  the 

and  trust  them  still.  One  young  woman  in 
iShadwell  took  a  fancy  the  t'  other  week  for  a 
pearl  necklace,  '  it  became  her  so,'  which  it  didn't  ; 
and  offered  to  pay  me  6d.  a  week  for  it  if  I 
wouldn't  sell  it  away  from  her.  The  first  week 
she  paid  Gd.  ;  the  second  nothing  ;  and  next  week 
the  full  tip,  'cause  her  Jack  had  come  home.  I 
never  lost  a  halfpenny  by  the  women.  Yes,  they 
pays  you  a  fairish  price,  but  nothing  more.  Some- 
ley  've  beat  me  down  Id.,  and  has  said, '  It 's 
all  the  money  I  has.' 

"  It 's  not  very  long  ago  that  one  of  them  offered 
me  a  fine  goold  watch  which  I  could  have  bought 
at  any  price,  for  I  saw  she  knew  nothing  of  what 
rath.     I  never  do  anything  that  way.     I 
rj  few  in  my  line  does,  for  they  can't 
give  the  prices  the  rich  fences  can.     It  's  common 
^•ils  to  ask  any  street-jeweller 
.uch  a  watch  ought  to  pop  for, 
or  to  sell  for,  afore  they  tries  it  on.     But  it  isn't 
they  as  tries  it  on,  sir ;  they  gets  some  respeckbel 
old  lady,  or  old  gent,  to  do  that  for  them.     I  've 
had  cigar*  and  Cavendish  of  them ;  such  as  sea- 
men had  left  behind  them  ;  you  know,  sir,  I've 
never  given  money,  only  jewellery  for  it.     Plenty 

; 'keepers  is  glad  to  buy  it  of  me,  and  not  at 
a  bad  ;  v  asks  no  questions,  and  I  tells 

.-•  reason  why  these  gal 
free  u  :  ic  jewellery  gets  out  <•; 

..f  fashion,  thev  mn  rling  it  away  a; 
fresh,  it's  »  I  vehad  no  . 

on  *  d  *  *  told  to  these  w<> 

enough    said,    'God   bless  'em  I*      Karr 

was;  they're  going  out.     The  penny  jew« 

what  buys,  or  gets 

it  bought  for  them.     I  sell  most  of  bmoche*  from 
•W.,  very  seldom   higher,  and  bracelets — 
they  calls  thsm  armlrU  now — at  the  same  price. 
I  bays  all  my  goods  at  a  swag-shop 
Mfcr  market.     Watchguar.U  was  middling  sale, 


both  silver  and  gocld,  or  washed  while  and  Cashed 
yellow,  and  the  swags  made  money  in  them  ;  but 
instead  of  Is.,  they  're  not  to  be  sold  at  a  Joey 
now,  watchgnards  ain't,  if  a  man  patters  ever  so." 

I  am  informed  that  there  are  not  less  than  1000 
individuals  who  all  buy  their  jewellery  at  the 
London  swag-shops,  and  sell  it  in  the  streets,  with 
or  without  other  articles,  but  principally  without; 
and  that  of  this  number  500  are  generally  in  Lon- 
don and  its  suburbs,  including  such  places  as 
Gravesend,  Woolwich,  and  Greenwich.  Of  these 
traders  about  one-tenth  are  women  ;  and  in  town 
about  three-fifths  are  itinerant,  and  the  others 
stationary.  One-half,  or  thereabouts,  of  the  wo- 
men, are  the  wives  of  street-sellers  ;  the  others 
trade  on  their  own  account.  A  few  "swop" 
jewellery  for  old  clothes,  with  either  the  mistier 
or  the  maids.  Four  or  five,  when  they  see  a  fa- 
vourable opportunity,  offer  to  tell  any  servant- 
maid  her  fortune.  "'Buy  this  beautiful  agate 
brooch,  my  dear,'  the  woman  '11  say,  '  and  I  '11 
only  charge  you  1*.  6rf.' — a  German  thing,  sir, 
costing  her  seven  farthings  one  street-jeweller  in- 
formed me, — 'and  I '11  tell  you  your  fortune  into 
the  bargain.' " 

One  "old  hand"  calculated,  that  when  a  street- 
jeweller  could  display  50*.  worth  of  stock,  he 
could  clear,  all  the  year  round,  15s.  a  week. 
"People,"  said  this  man,  "  as  far  aa  I've  known 
the  streets,  like  to  buy  of  what  they  think  is  a 
respectable  man,  and  seemingly  well  to  do;  they 
feel  safe  with  him."  Those,  however,  who  can- 
not boast  so  large  a  stock  of  jewellery  as  50.?. 
worth,  may  only  clear  10$.  instead  of  15s.  weekly. 
One  trader  thought  that  the  average  earnings  of 
his  fraternity  might  be  taken  at  12s.  a  week; 
another — and  both  judged  from  their  own  ex- 
perience— thought  10s.  Qd.  was  high  enough. 
Calculating,  then,  at  a  weekly  profit  of  10s.  6rf., 
and  a  receipt  of  18*.  per  individual,  we  find 
23,410/.  expended  in  the  street-trade,  including 
the  sales  at  Gravesend,  Woolwich,  and  (iiven- 
wich;  where — both  places  being  resorted  to  by 
pleasure-seekers  and  seamen — the  trade  is  some- 
timcs  considerable;  watches,  which  now  are  al- 
most unknown  in  a  regular  street-trade,  there 
forming  an  occasional  part  of  it. 

OF  THE  PEDLAK  . 

I  HAVI:  heard  a  manufacturer  of  Birmingham 
jewellery  assert,  V  :id  of  cop;.. 

make  Id/,   worth   of  jewellery  ;  con- 
Hequently.  the  material  to  provide  the  iininamifac- 

•  .tier  in  Bir- 
It 

may  be  >  n  that  the  pedlars  who  hawk 

it   capital   in 
the  win  .  how- 

.  .tillable    stocks  of 
pedlars  thon.  This    tra... 

: 

illy  in    a    small    way)    by   foreign   Jews. 
The  Jews  arc.   I   think,    n.ore   alt- •;.- 

lead  of  supplyii  g  them  \\itli    ; 
suras  i :  Must   necessarily  soon  be 


*84 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


expended,  they  give  them  small  quantities  of 
goods,  so  that  they  may  immediately  commence 
foraging  for  their  own  support.  Many  of  these 
poor  Jews,  when  provided  with  their  stock  of 
merchandise,  can  scarcely  speak  a  word  of  Eng- 
lish, and  few  of  them  know  but  little  respecting 
the  value  of  the  goods  they  sell ;  they  always 
take  care  to  ask  a  good  price,  leaving  plenty  of 
room  for  abatement.  I  heard  one  observe  that 
they  could  not  easily  be  taken  in  by  being  over- 
charged, for  according  what  they  paid  for  the 
article  they  fixed  the  price  upon  it.  Some  of 
these  men,  notwithstanding  their  scanty  know- 
ledge of  the  trade  at  starting,  have  eventually  be- 
come excellent  judges  of  jewellery  ;  some  of  them, 
moreover,  have  acquired  riches  in  it ;  indeed  from 
the  indomitable  perseverance  of  the  Hebrew  race, 
success  is  generally  the  result  of  their  untiring 
industry.  If  once  you  look  at  the  goods  of 
a  Jew  pedlar,  it  is  not  an  easy  matter  to  get  out 
of  his  clutches;  it  is  not  for  want  of  persever- 
ance if  he  does  not  bore  and  tease  you,  until  at 
length  you  are  glad  to  purchase  some  trifle  to  get 
rid  of  him.  One  of  my  informants  tells  me  he  is 
acquainted  with  several  Jews,  who  now  hold  their 
heads  high  as  merchants,  and  are  considered 
very  excellent  judges  of  the  wares  they  deal 
in,  who  originally  began  trading  with  but  a  small 
stock  of  jewellery,  and  that  a  charitable  do- 
nation. As  well  as  Jews  there  are  Irishmen 
who  deal  in  such  commodities.  The  pedlar  gene- 
rally has  a  mahogany  box  bound  with  brass,  and 
which  he  carries  with  a  strap  hung  across  his 
shoulder ;  when  he  calls  at  a  house,  an  inquiry  is 
made  whether  there  is  any  old  silver  or  gold  to 
dispose  of.  "  I  will  give  you  a  full  price  for  any 
such  articles."  If  the  lady  or  gentleman  accosted 
seems  to  be  likely  to  buy,  the  box  is  immediately 
opened  and  a  tempting  display  of  gold  rings, 
chains,  scent-boxes,  lockets,  brooches,  breast-pins, 
bracelets,  silver  thimbles,  &c.,  &c.,  are  exposed  to 
view.  All  the  eloquence  the  pedlar  can  command 
is  now  brought  into  play.  The  jewellery  is  ar- 
ranged about  the  persons  of  his  expected  customers 
to  the  best  advantage.  The  pedlar  says  all  he 
can  think  of  to  enhance  their  sale :  he  will  chop 
and  change  for  anything  they  may  wish  to  dispose 
of — any  old  clothes,  books,  or  useless  lumber  may 
be  converted  into  ornaments  for  the  hair  or  other 
parts  of  dress.  The  Irish  pedlar  mostly  confines 
his  visits  to  the  vicinity  of  large  factories  where 
there  are  many  girls  employed;  these  he  supplies 
with  earrings,  necklaces,  shawl- pins,  brooches, 
lockets,  &c.,  which  are  bought  wholesale  at  the 
following  prices: — Earrings  and  drops  at  from 
3s.  6d.  to  12s.  per  dozen  pairs;  the  3rf.  earring  is 
a  neat  little  article  says  my  informant,  and  those 
sold  at  Is.  each,  wholesale,  are  gorgeous-looking 
affairs ;  many  of  the  latter  have  been  disposed  of 
by  the  pedlars  at  II.  the  pair,  and  even  a  greater 
price.  Necklaces  are  from  5s.  to  II.  per  dozen. 
Lockets  may  be  purchased  wholesale  at  from  2s.  to 
10*.  per  dozen;  guard  chains  (German  silver)  are 
4j.  per  dozen ;  gilt  heavy-looking  waistcoat  chains 
6s.  per  dozen :  and  all  other  articles  are  equally 
fow  in  price.  The  pedlai  jeweller  can  begin  busi- 


ness "respectably"  for  two  pounds,  flis  box  costs 
him  7*.  6d. ;  half-a-dozen  pairs  of  earrings  of  s  x 
different  sorts,  3s.;  half-a-dozen  lockets  (various). 
Is.  9d.  ;  half-a-dozen  guard  chains,  2s. :  half-a- 
dozen  shawl  brooches,  It.  6d. ;  one  dozen  breast- 
pins (different  kinds),  3s. ;  one  dozen  finger  rings  of 
various  descriptions,  3s.  6d.;  half-a-dozen  brooches 
at  4d.  each,  2s. ;  one  dozen  necklaces  (a  variety), 
at  6s. ;  three  silver  pencil-cases  at  Is.  9d.  each, 
5s.  3d.;  half-a-dozen  waistcoat  chains,  3s.;  one 
silver  toothpick,  at  Is.  6rf.  These  make  altoge- 
ther two  pounds.  If  the  articles  are  arranged 
with  taste  and  seeming  care  (as  if  they  were  very 
valuable),  with  jeweller's  wadding  under  each, 
and  stuck  on  pink  cards,  &c.,  while  the  finger 
rings  are  inserted  in  the  long  narrow  velvet-lhi^i 
groove  of  the  box,  and  the  other  "  valuables  " 
well  spread  about  the  little  portable  shop — they 
may  be  made  to  assume  a  very  respectable  and 
almost  "  rich  "  appearance.  Many  who  now  have 
large  establishments  commenced  life  with  much 
less  stock  than  is  here  mentioned.  The  Jews,  I  do 
not  think,  continues  my  informant,  are  the  best 
salesmen  ;  and  the  fact  of  their  being  Israelites  is, 
in  many  instances,  a  bar  to  their  success  ;  country 
people,  especially,  are  afraid  of  being  taken  in  by 
them.  The  importunities  and  appeals  of  the  He 
brew,  however,  are  far  more  urgent  than  any  othei 
tradesman  ;  and  they  always  wait  where  they 
think  there  's  the  slightest  chance  of  effecting  a 
sale,  until  the  door  is  slammed  in  their  face.  I 
believe  there  are  not,  at  the  present  time,  many 
(especially  small  traders)  who  deal  exclusively  ic 
jewellery  ;  they  mostly  add  other  small  and  light 
articles — such  as  fancy  cutlery,  side  combs,  £c, 
There  may,  at  a  rough  guess,  be  500  of  them  tra- 
velling the  country  ;  half  the  number  are  poor 
foreign  Jews  ;  a  quarter  are  Jews,  who  have,  per- 
haps, followed  the  same  calling  for  years  ;  and  the 
remaining  quarter,  a  mixture  of  Irish  and  English, 
with  a  small  preponderance  of  Irishmen.  AH 
these  "  swop  "  their  goods  for  old  gold  and  silver, 
and  frequently  realize  a  large  sum,  by  changing 
the  base  metal  for  the  sterling  article.  Their 
goods  are  always  sold  as  being  gold  or  silver — 
If  asked  whether  a  particular  article  be  gold,  they 
reply  "  It 's  jewellers'  gold  ; "  "  Is  this  ring  gold  ] " 
inquires  the  customer,  taking  one  from  the  box — 
"  No,  ma'am,  I  would n  't  deceive  you  !  "  is  the 
answer,  "  that  is  not  gold  ;  but  here  is  one,"  adds 
the  pedlar  (taking  up  one  exactly  of  the  same 
description,  and  which  cost  the  same  price)  "  which 
is  of  a  similar  shape  and  fashion,  and  the  best 
jeweller's  gold  that  is  made."  The  profits  of  the 
pedlar-jewellers  it  is  almost  impossible  to  calcu- 
late, for  they  will  sell  at  any  price  upon  which  the 
smallest  amount  of  profit  can  be  realized.  The 
foreign  Jews,  especially,  will  do  this,  and  it  is  not 
an  unusual  circumstance  for  one  of  these  men  to 
ask  5s.  for  an  article  which  originally  cost  them 
3d.,  and  which  they  will  eventually  sell  for  4d. 

In  London  there  are  about  200  hawkers  of 
jewellery,  who  visit  the  public-houses  ;  but  few  of 
these  have  boxes — they  invite  customers  by  dis- 
playing some  chains  in  their  hands,  or  having  one 
or  two  arranged  in  front  of  their  waistcoats.  »  hiU 


LONDON  LALOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


385 


AT  LANE. 


fo.  25. 


2  C 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TIfE  LONDON  POOR. 


387 


the  smaller  articles  are  carried  in  their  waistcoat 
pockets.     The  class  of  persons  who  patronize  the 
public-house  hawkers  are  those  who  visit  the  tap- 
rooms of  taverns,  and  countrymen  in  the  vicinity 
of  Smithfield  up,>n  market  days,  (one  of  the  haw- 
kers  tells   me,    that  they  succeed  better  upon  the 
.rket  days  than  at  the  cattle  sales,  for  the 
butchers,  they  say,  are  too  '•  fly  "  for  them. 
are  among  their  best  customers,   but  the  coster- 
y   fond  of   drop   earrings   find   coral 
.    the  sailors,  however,  give  the  best  prices 
of  all.     I    am    told   that    the    quantity    of   old 
which     the    country    pedlars 
ob:ain  in  exchange  far  their  goods  is  "  astonish- 
md  there  have  been  occasions  on  which  a 
;riched    for  life  by  one   single 
tion  of  barter  ;  some  old  and  unfashionable 
piece   of  jewellery,  that  they   received   for   their 
goods,  has  been  composed  of  costly  stones,  which 
had  lain  by  for  years,  and  of  which  the.  pedlar's 
customer  was  unacquainted  with  the  value.      The 
more  respectable  jewellery  pedlars  put  up  at  the 
better  class  of  public-houses,  and,  even  after  their 
IttU    have  an    eye    to 
:><m  the  table  of  the 

tap-room   where  they  are  lodging,  and,  under  the 
•    of  cleaning    or    arranging    their 

their   glittering    stock.     The 

<i,  kitchen-maid,  the  landlady's  daughter, 

or   perhaps    the    landlady   herself,  admires    some 

:iich  the  pedlar  declares  would  become 

lace  upon  the  neck 

of  them  ;  holds  a  showy  earring  and  drop 
:   another;  facetiously  inquires  of  the 

are  not  likely  to  wan: 
;   this  sort   shortly — as  he  holds  up  first  a 
wedding-ring,  and  :  s  coral ;  or  • 

Turquoise,  or  pe-trls  and 

•Mil  dianuH  •  the  landlady,  and 

i  by  such  arts  a  sale  that 

men    have    when 

Iwrterii  '•;.     A   worn-out  ornament  of 

jewellery  is  brought  to  them,  and,  although  it  be 

.  ve  the 

•OMetS'  •  he  L'enuine. 

"ifers  a  larg  rill  take 

• 

••ornament  -.-. .i*  ivt -..--lid  ;  ti.<-  custom. -r  ''>  ••'-'it 
•he  precious  metal ;  should  our  pedlar  do 


OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  CARD  COUNTERS, 
MEDALS,  ETC. 

THE  "card-counters,"  or,  as  I  have  heard  them 
sometimes  called  by  street-sellers,  the  "  small 
coins,"  are  now  of  a  very  limited  sale.  The 
slang  name  for  these  articles  is  "Jacks"  and 
"Half  Jacks."  They  are  sold  to  the  street-people 
at  only  two  places  in  London;  one  in  Holborn, 
and  the  other  at  Black  Tom's  (himself  formerly  a 
street-seller,  now  "a  small  swag"),  in  Clerken- 
well.  They  are  all  made  in  Birmingham,  and  are 
of  the  size  and  colour  of  the  genuine  sovereigns 
and  half  sovereigns;  but  it  is  hardly  possible  that 
any  one  who  had  ever  received  a  sovereign  in 
payment,  could  be  deceived  by  the  substitution  of 
a  Jack.  Those  now  sold  in  the  streets  are  much 
thinner,  and  very  much  lighter.  Each  presents  a 
profile  of  the  Queen ;  but  instead  of  the  super- 
scription "Victoria  Dei  Gratia"  of  the  true  sove- 
reign, the  Jack  has  "  Victoria  Regina."  On  the 
.  in  the  place  of  the  "  Britanniarum  Regina 
Fid.  Def."  surrounding  the  royal  arms  and  crown, 
is  a  device  (intended  for  an  imitation  of  St.  George 
and  the  Dragon)  representing  a  soldier  on  horse- 
back— the  horse  having  three  legs  elevated  from 
the  ground,  while  a  drawn  sword  fills  the  right 
hand  of  the  equestrian,  and  a  crown  adorns  his 
head.  The  superscription  is,  ''  to  Hanover,"  and 
the  rider  seems  to  be  sociably  accompanied  by  a 
dragon.  Round  the  Queen's  head  on  the  half 
Jack  is  "Victoria,  Queen  of  Great  Britain,"  and 
on  the  reverse  the  Prince  of  Wales's  feather,  with 
the  legend.  "The  Prince  of  Wales's  Model  Half 
Sovereign.'' 

Until  within  these  five  or  six  years  the  gilt 
card-counters  had  generally  the  portraiture  of  the 
monarch,  and  on  the  rever.-e  the  !<•_ 
your  temper,"  as  a  seasonable  admonition  to  whist 
Occasionally  the  card-counter  was  a  gilt 
coin,  closely  resembling  a  sovereign  ;  1> 

Jit  or  nine  years  back,  "put  down" 

::  n  Stations. 

i-  another   head   will   ho  found  ;ui  ;> 
of  the    i  gns,  in  pr 

MI  ther  use  of  them  .  to  the 

Jacks  in 

r   \<l.  1  " 

' 

It.'irgnin. 
grow,  i  • 

Mt.  a  week- 

!>trccl4 

others  a  mere    ; 


888 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


popular  subject  is  before  the  public,  many  of  the 
general  patterers  "go  to  medals."  I  could  not 
learn  that  ;i;iy  of  the  present  street-people  vended 
medals  in  the  time  of  the  war;  I  believe  there  are 
none  at  present  among  the  street  folk  who  did  so. 
I  am  told  that  the  street  sale  in  war  medals  was 
smaller  tnan  might  reasonably  have  been  expected. 
The  manufacture  of  those  articles  in  the  Salamanca, 
Yittoria,  and  even  Waterloo  days,  was  greatly 
inferior  to  what  it  is  at  present,  and  the  street 
price  demanded  was  as  often  Qd.  as  a  smaller  sum. 
These  medals  in  a  little  time  presented  a  dull, 
leaden  look,  and  the  knowledge  that  they  were 
"poor  things"  seems  to  have  prevented  the  public 
buying  them  to  any  extent  in  the  streets,  and 
perhaps  deterred  the  street-sellers  from  offering 
them.  Those  who  were  the  most  successful  of 
the  medal-sellers  had  been,  or  assumed  to  have 
been,  soldiers  or  seamen. 

Within  the  last  eighteen  years,  or  more,  there 
has  hardly  been  any  public  occurrence  without  a 
comparatively  well-executed  medal  being  sold  in 
the  streets  in  commemoration  of  it.  That  sold  at 
the  opening  of  Londbn-bfidge  was,  I  am  told, 
considered  "a  superior  thing,"  and  the  improve- 
ment in  this  art  or  manufacture  has  progiv- 
the  present  time.  Within  the  last  three  years  the 
most  saleable  m  da'.s,  an  experienced  man  told  ni", 
were  of  Hungerford  Su.-prn>i.>:i  (bridge),  t':. 
Houses  of  Parliament,  the  Chinese  Junk,  and  JSir 
Robert  Peel.  The  Thames  Tunnel  medals  were 
at  one  time  '•  very  tidv,"  as  were  those  of  t: 
Royal  KxchaiiL'r.  The  gn-at  sale  is  at  present  of 
the  Crystal  Palace  ;  and  one  man  had  heard  fiat 
there  were  a  uivat  many  persons  coming  to  London 
to  sell  them  at  the  opening  of  the 
bition.  "The  great  t  •gg-  ami  bacon,  I  call  it,"  he 
wiid;  "for  I  hope  it  will  bring  us  that  sort  of 
grub.  But  I  don't  know  ;  I  'm  afraid  there  '11 
be  too  many  of  us.  Besides,  they  say  we  shan't 
be  let  sell  in  the  park.'' 

The  exhibition  medal  is  as  follows  :  — 
What  the  street  medal-sellers  call  the  "  ri^ht- 
side  "  —  I  speak  of  the  "penny"  medal,  which 
commands  by  far  the  greatest  sale  —  presents  the 
Crystal  Palace,  raised  from  the  surface  of  the 
medal,  and  whitened  by  the  application  of  aqua 
fortis.  The  superscription  is  "THE  BUILDI- 

TIIE   INTERN  ATIOSAL    KXHIBITION,  LONDON,   1851." 

On  the  "  wrong  side"  (so  called)  is  the  following 
inscription,  occupying  the  whole  face  of  the  medal  : 

THK  CON'STRUCTIOV  IK  OK 
IROV  AND  OK  GLASS, 

1H4H  KKET  LONG. 

ABOUT  HAI.K  IS  456  WIDE. 

THE  REMAINDER  -II  l«  FEET  WIDE, 

AND  (>>>  }•  KET  HIGH; 
SITE,  UPWARDS  OK  20  ACRES. 


JOSH.  PAXTON,  ARCHT. 

The  size  of  this  medal  ia  between  that  of  a 
shilling  and  a  half-crown. 

A  patterer,  who  used  to  sell  medals  on  Sunday 
mornin-s  in  the  park,  informed  me  that  he  told 
his  customers  the  Crystal  Palace  part  was  dead 
silver,  by  a  new  discovery  making  silver  cheap  ; 
but  for  all  that  he  would  risk  changing  it  for  a 
bit  ! 


The  two-penny  medal  is  after  the  same  style, 
but  the  letters  are  more  distinct.  On  my  stating, 
to  a  medal-seller,  that  it  was  difficult  to  read  the 
inscription  on  his  "  pennies,"  he  said,  "  Not  at  all, 
sir;  but  it's  your  eyes  is  dazzled."  This  was 
said  quietly,  and  with  a  touch  of  slyness,  and  I 
have  no  doubt  was  the  man's  "  cut-and-dried " 
answer. 

The  patterer  whom  I  have  mentioned,  told  me, 
that  encouraged  by  a  tolerably  sale  and  "a gather- 
ing of  the  aristocrats,"  on  a  very  tine  Sunday  in 
January  or  February — he  could  not  remember 
which — he  ventured  upon  6  "  sixpenny  medals," 
costing  him  Is.  9d.  He  sold  them  all  but  one, 
which  he  showed  me.  It  was  exactly  the  size  of 
a  crown-piece.  The  Crystal  Palace  was  "raised," 
and  of  "dead  silver,"  as  in  the  smaller  medals. 
The  superscription  was  the  same  as  on  the  penny 
medal;  but  underneath  the  representation  of  the 
palace  were  raised  figures  of  Mercury  and  of  a 
naked  personage,  with  a  quill  as  long  as  himself, 
a  cornucopia,  and  a  bee-hive :  this  I  presume  was 
Industry.  These  twin  figures  are  supporters  to  a 
medallion,  crown-surmounted,  of  the  Queen  and 
Prince  Albert:  being  also  in  "dead  silver."  On 
the  reverse  was  an  inscription,  giving  the  dimen- 
sions, &c.,  of  the  buildiiiLT. 

The  medals  in  demand  for  street  sale  in  London 
.-'•em   to   be   those  commemorative  of   local 
only.      None,  for  instai;.  ;   relating  to 

the  opening  of  the  Britannia  Br 

The  whole-ale  price  of  the  medals  retailed  in 
the  street  at  Id.  is  7*.  the  gross;  those  retailed  at 
1 'J.v.  the  gross,  but  more  than  three-fourths 
of  those  sold  are  penny  medals.  They  are  all 
bough i  at  the  swag-shops,  and  are  all  made  in 
Birmingham.  It  is  difficult  to  compute  how  many 
persons  are  engaged  in  this  street  trade,  for  many 
resort  to  it  only  on  occasions.  There  are,  however, 
from  1-2  to  !>i»  generally  selling  medals,  and  at  the 
;>rcxMit  time  ah. nit  30  are  so  occupied  :  they,  how- 
ever, do  not  sell  medals  exclusively,  bat  along  with 
a  f>-\v  articles  of  jewellery,  or  occasionally  of  such 
.street  stationery  as  letter  stamps  and  "fancy1" 
pens,  with  coloured  glass  or  china  handles.  A 
fourth  of  the  number  are  women.  The  weather 
great'y  influences  the  street  medal  trade,  as  rain 
or  da:npdmn  their  brightness.  One  seller  told  me 
that  the  day  before  I  saw  him  he  had  sold  only 
tour  medals.  "  I  've  known  the  trade,  off  and  on,"  he 
said,  •'  tor  about  six  years,  and  the  greatest  number 
as  ever  I  sold  was  half-a  gross  one  Saturday.  I 
cleared  rather  better  than  3*.  I  sold  them  in 
Whitehall  and  by  Westminster-bridge.  There 
was  nothing  new  among  them,  but  I  had  a  good 
stock,  and  it  was  a  fine  day,  and  I  was  lucky  in 
meeting  p  irties,  and  had  a  run  for  sets."  By 
"  run  for  sets,"  my  informant  meant  that  he  had 
met  with  customers  who  bought  a  medal  of  each 
of  the  kinds  he  displayed;  this  is  called  "a  set." 

An  intelligent  man,  familiar  with  the  trade, 
and  who  was  in  the  habit  of  clubbing  his  stock- 
money  with  two  others,  that  they  might  buy  a 
gross  at  a  time,  calculated  that  15  medal  sellers 
were  engaged  in  the  traffic  the  year  through,  and 
earned,  in  medals  alone,  Qd.  a  day  each,  to  clear 


X  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


38!' 


which  they  would  take  6.«.  G</.  weekly,  giving  .1 
yearly  outlay  of  253/.  105.  It  must  be  remem- 
oered,  to  account  for  the  smallness  of  the  earn- 
ings, that  the  trade  in  medals  is  irregular,  and  the 
calculation  embraces  all  the  seasons  of  the  trade. 

On  occasions  when  medals  are  the  sole  or  chief 
articles  of  traffic,  they  are  displayed  on  a  tray, 
which  is  a  box  with  a  lid,  and  thus  look  bright 
as  silver  on  the  faded  brown  velvet,  with 
which  the  box  is  often  lined.  Among  the  fa- 
vourite pitches  are  Oxford-street,  the  approaches 
to  London,  Blackfriars,  Westminster,  and  Water- 
loo-bridges, the  railway  stations,  and  the  City- 
road. 

Of  small  coins  (proper)  there  is  now  no  sale  in 
the  streets.  When  there  was  an  issue  of  half- 
farthings,  about  seven  years  ago,  the  street-sellers 
drove  a  brisk  trade,  in  vending  them  at  four  a 
.  urging  on  the  sale  before  the  coins  got  into 
circulation,  which  they  never  did.  "It's  not 
often,"  said  one  patterer  to  me,  "  that  we  has 
anything  to  thank  the  Government  for,  but  we 
may  thank  them  for  the  half-farthings.  I  dare  say 
at  least  30  of  us  made  a  tidy  living  on  them  for  a 
week  or  more;  and  if  they  wasn't  coined  just  to 
give  us  a  spirt,  I  should  like  to  know  what  they 
ined  for !  I  once  myself,  sir,  for  a  lark, 
gave  one  to  a  man  that  swept  a  capital  crossing, 
and  he  was  in  a  thundering  pns>ion,  and  wanted 
to  fight  me,  when  I  told  him  they  was  coined  to 
pay  the  likes  of  him!" 

There  was  afterwards  a  tolerable  sale  of  the 
"new  silver  pennies,  just  issued  from  the  Mint, 
three  ha'pence  each,  or  7  for  6d. ;"  also  of  "  ge- 
nuine models  of  the  new  English  florin,  only  Id.:" 
both  of  these  were  fictitious. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OK  RINGS  AND 

SOVEREIGNS  FOR  WAGERS. 

THIS  class  is  hardly  known  in  the  streets  of 
London  at  present.  Country  fairs  and  races  are 
a  more  fitting  ground  for  the  ring-seller's  opera- 
tions, i  this  class  told  me  that  he.  had 
been  selling  rings,  and  occasionally  medals,  for 
wagers  for  this  last  fifteen  years.  <%  It  's  only 
a  so-so  game  just  now,"  he  said  ;  "  the  people  get 
so  fly  to  it.  A  many  hold  out  their  penny  for 
and  just  as  I  sup;> 

put  the  penny  into  their  pockets,  and  their 
thumb  upon  their  nose.      I  wish  I  had  som 
game,  for  this  is  a  very  dickey  one.     I  y , 

:;e  rings  at  the  swag  Mmp  ;  and  some- 
times sells  a  couple  of  d 

iy  than  ai; 

era,     I  kn'iw 
r  appearance.    Sonu-tim-- 
\d  whixpcTH  to  others  tb. 
.ty  and  went  and  pawned  it  for 

i  .mk  for 
-iippose,  it  '*  done  for  a  l.i 

'hers   it    th'-V    bllV.         W'HI;' •:; 


vas  not  gold.     S" 
nd    was   quite  astonished   tit 


broker  wouldn't  take  the  ring  in.  I  do  best  in 
the  summer  at  races  :  people  think  it  more  likely 
that  two  sporting  gents  would  lay  an  out  of 
the  way  wager  (as  you  know  I  always  make  out) 
then  than  at  any  other  time.  I  have  been  inter- 
fered with  at  races  before  now  for  being  an 
impostor,  and  yet  at  the  same  time  the  gamblers 
was  allowed  to  keep  their  tables ;  but  of  course 
theirs  was  all  fair — no  imposition  about  them — 
oh  no  !  I  am  considered  about  one  of  the  best 
patterers  among  our  lot.  I  dare  say  there  may  be 
twenty  on  us  all  together,  in  town  and  country, 
on  rings  and  sovereigns.  Sometimes,  when  tra- 
velling on  foot  to  a  race  or  fair,  I  do  a  little  in 
the  Fawney  dropping  line ;"  (fawneys  are  rings;) 
"  but  that  is  a  dangerous  game,  I  never  did  it  but 
two  or  three  times.  There  were  some  got  lagged 
for  it,  and  that  frightened  me.  In  ring  dropping 
we  pretend  to  have  found  a  ring,  and  ask  some 
simple-looking  fellow  if  it 's  good  gold,  as  it 's  only 
just  picked  up.  Sometimes  it  is  immediately  pro- 
nounced gold:  'Well  it's  no  use  to  me,'  we'll 
say,  '  will  you  bay  it]'  Often  they  are  foolish 
enough  to  buy,  and  it 's  some  satisfaction  to  one's 
conscience  to  know  that  they  think  they  are  a 
taking  you  in,  for  they  give  you  only  a  shilling  or 
two  for  an  article  which  if  really  gold  would  be 
worth  eight  or  ten.  Some  ring-droppers  write  out  an 
account  and  make  a  little  parcel  of  jewellery,  and 
when  they  pick  out  their  man.  they  say,  '  If  you 
please,  sir,  will  you  read  this  for  me,  and  tell  me' 
what  I  should  do  with  these  things,  as  I  've  just 
found  them?'  Some  people  advise  they  should  be 
taken  to  the  police  office— but  very  few  say  that  : 
some,  that  they  should  be  taken  to  the  address; 
others,  that  they  should  be  sold,  and  the  money 
shared  ;  others  offer  a  price  for  them,  stating  that 
they  're  not  gold,  they  Ve  only  trumpery  they 
say,  but  they'll  give  half-a-crown  for  them.  It's 
pleasant  to  take  such  people  in.  Sometimes  the 
finder  says  he  's  in  haste,  and  will  sell  them 
for  anything  to  attend  to  other  business,  and 
he  then  transfers  his  interest  at  perhaps  200  per 
cent  profit.  This  game  won't  friz  now,  sir,  it  's 
very  dangerous.  I  've  left  it  off  long  since.  I 
don't  like  the  idea  of  quod.  1  'vc  been  there  once." 
Another  plan  of  dropping  rings  is  to  write  a  letter. 
This  is  the  style  : — 

••  My  dr.ir  Anno, 

'"  I  h.-ne  s<  m  you  the  fine,  and  hope  it  will  fit.— 
:  bringing  it.    John  will  Ic.ive  it  with  you. 
-    Nou  know  I  h.ivc  s<>  iiiuoh  to.-dt.iul  to.     I  -hall  think 
.  year  until  the  h.ippy  il.iy  BJ 

••  Yonis  devotedly. 

••  JAM  Kt»  HnoWN." 

This  lo,  ntainini:   the  wed. ling-ring  was 

:  i  essful  when  it  first  came  up.  hut  the  public 

•limg  to  another  in- 

roppiiiL'  "  lurk"  is  now  carried 

on    thin    way,    for    the    <>!d    style    is    ''<o.; 

"A    w  ..ys,    "  H    made    up    ""    as    to 

tty  far  ^">iie — and 

y    with    a  face   as  long    as    a    l>  •>•'«  kite. 
Up  she  goes    to   ;my  likely  km,  \\h>i<>  -:>e  knows 
-•men    that 

•  d    rciinmenren     lii-gfiiii:.       Then 

if  she  can    jjet    them    to 


390 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


listen — 'I'm  in  the  family-way,'  she  says,  'as 
you  can  plainly  see  youny  ladies  (this  she  says 
to  the  servants,  and  that  prides  them  you  know). 
My  husband  has  left  me  after  serving  me  in  this 
way.  I  don't  know  where  he  is,  and  am  forced  to 
solicit  the  ladies'  charity.'  Well,  the  servants  will 
bring  broken  victuals  and  make  a  little  collection 
among  themselves  for  the  '  unprotected  female ;' 
for  which  in  return,  with  many  thanks  for  their 
kindness,  she  offers  her  gold  wedding-ring  for 
sale,  as  she  wants  to  get  back  to  her  suffering 
kids  to  give  them  something  to  eat,  poor  things, 
and  they  shall  have  the  gold  ring,  she  says,  lor 
half  what  it  'a  worth ;  or  if  they  won 't  buy 
it,  will  they  lend  2s.  or  3«.  on  it  till  she  can. 
redeem  it,  as  she  hasn't  been  in  the  habit  of 
pledging  !  The  girls  are  taken  off  their  guard 
(she  not  being  in  the  habit  of  pledging  is  a 
choker  for  them)  by  the  woman's  seeming  sim- 
plicitv.  and  there  's  a  consultation.  One  says  to 
the  other — '  Oh,  you  '11  want  it,  .Mary,  for  John;' 
and  another,  'No,  you'll  want  it  first,  Sally,  for 
William.'  But  the  woman  has  her  eye  on  the  one 
as  says  the  least,  as  the  likeliest  of  all  to  want  it. 
and  so  she  says  to  the  John  and  William  girls, 
'  Oh,  you  don't  want  it ;  but  here  (touching  the 
silent  one),  here's  a  <j'><i,nj  /<c/</  as  dues,'  (that 
sweetens  the  servant  girl  up  directly.)  She 

1  don't  want  it,  bless  you  (with  a  i: 
but  I  '11  lend  you  a  trifle,  as  you  are  in  this  state, 
and  have  a  family,  and  are  left  like  this  by  your 
husband — aint  he  cruel,  Sally  (she  adds  to  her  fel- 
low-servant) !'  The  money  the  ring-woman  gets, sir, 
depends  upon  the  servant's  funds ;  if  it  is  just  after 
quarter-day,  she  generally  gets  a  tidy  tip — if  not, 
4  or  5  bob.  I  've  known  one  woman  get  10s.  and 
even  12*.  this  way.  The  ring  is  made  out  <•: 
gilt  buttons,  and  stunning  well :  it  's  faked  up  to 
right*,  and  takes  a  good  judge  even  at  this  day  to 
detect  it  without  a 

'*'  The  best  sort  of  rings  forfaicney  drop/ 
the  Belchers.  They  are  a  good  thick  looking 
ring,  and  have  the  crown  and  V.  R.  stamped 
upon  them.  They  are  Id.  a  dozen.  I  takes  my 
stand  now,  in  my  ring-selling,  as  if  I  was  in  a 
great  hurrv,  and  pulls  out  my  watch.  I  used  to 
have  a  real  one,  but  now  it  's  a  dummy.  '  Now, 
ladies  and  gentlemen,'  says  I,  "I  am  not  permitted 
to  remain  more  than  ten  minutes  in  one  spot.  I 
have  rings  to  sell  to  decide  a  wager  recently 
made  between  two  sporting  noblemen,  to  th. 
that  I  do  not  sell  a  certain  quantity  of  these  rings 
in  a  given  time,  at  a  penny  a  piece.  I  can  recom- 
mend the  article  as  being  well  worth  the  money  I 
ask  for  it,  perhaps  something  more.  I  do  not  say 
they  are  gold ;  in  fact,  I  must  not  say  too  much, 
as  there  is  a  person  in  this  company  watching  my 
proceedings,  and  seeing  that  I  do  not  remain  more 
than  ten  minutes  in  this  spot,' — here  I  always 
looks  very  h::rd  at  the  most  respectable  and  gen- 
tlemanly-looking person  among  my  hearers,  and 
sometimes  gives  him  a  wink,  and  sometimes  a 
nod, — '  but  if  you  should  hear  anything  more 
about  these  rings,  and  you  want  to  purchase, 
don't  be  vexed  if  I  am  gone  when  you  want  me. 
The  ten  minutes  has  nearly  expired;  three  minutes 


more  ;  any  more  buyers  1  It  makes  no  difference 
to  me  whether  I  sell  or  not — I  get  my  pay  all  the 
same  ;  but,  if  you  take  my  advice,  buy  :  and  per- 
haps if  you  was  to  call  at  the  sign  of  the  Three 
Balls,  as  you  go  home,  you  may  be  agreeably  sur- 
prised, and  hear  something  to  your  ad  van  ta  ire. 
Perhaps  I  have  said  too  much.  I  have  one  minute 
more,  before  I  close  the  establishment.  Attrr 
shutting  the  box,  I  dare  not  sell  another  in  this 
spot,  if  you  were  to  offer  me  51.  for  it;  therefore, 
if  you  wish  to  purchase,  now  is  your  time.'  I 
make  many  a  pitch,  and  do  not  sell*  a  single  ring: 
and  the  insults  I  receive  used  t" 
much,  but  I  do  not  mind  them  now,  I  'n, 
to  it.  The  ilyest  cove  among  all  us  ring-st 
little  Ikey,  the  Jew.  There  were  two  used  to 
work  the  game.  They  had  a  re;il  gold  rii.. 
like  the  ones  they  were  selling,  and  tiiey  always 
used  to  pitch  near  a  pawnbroker's  shop, 
pal  would  buy  a  ring  for  a  penny,  of  the  street- 
seller,  and  would  then  say,  loud  enough  to  be  heard 
by  the  bystanders,  '  There's  a  pawn  shop — I  '11  go 
and  ask  them  to  take  it  in.1  A  crowd  would 
follow  him.  He  would  enter  the  pawnbroker's — 
present  a  real  gold  ring — obtain  a  !<>a 
would  present  the  ticket  to  the  bystanders,  who 
would  then  buy  very  fast.  When  the  pitch  was 
over,  I  key's  pal  would  take  the  ring  out  of  pawn, 
and  away  the  two  would  go  to  work  near  some  other 
pawnbroker's.  I  have  heard  Ikey  say  they  have 
pawned  the  ring  thirty-five  times  in  a  day.  I 
tried  the  same  caper ;  but  my  pal  cut  with  tin; 
gold  ring  the  first  day,  and  I  've  never  had  another 
go  at  that/«/-e  since. 

'•  Before  I  commenced  the  jewellery  line,"  con- 
tinued my  candid  informant,  "a  good  mam 
ago,  I  used  to  hold  horses  about  Bond-street. 
Afterwards  I  was  taken  as  an  errand  boy  at 
a  dmggut'f,  was  out  of  an  errand  one  day  and 
.  for  holding  a  gentleman's  horse,  which 
kept  me  nearly  an  hour  ;  when  I  went  back  to 
my  master's  I  was  told  I  wasn  't  wanted  any 
more.  I  had  been  cautioned  about  stopping  of 
errands  two  or  three  times  before ;  however  I 
didn't  like  the  situation,  it  was  too  confining.  I 
next  got  a  place  as  pot-boy,  in  Brick  Lane.  Here 
I  was  out  one  day  gathering  in  the  pots.  I  hung 
the  strap  of  pots  to  a  railing  to  have  a  game  at 
chances  (pitch  and  toss),  somebody  prigged  my 
strap  of  pots,  and  I  cut.  A  few  weeks  after  I 
was  grabbed  for  this,  and  got  a  month  at  the  mill ; 
but  1  was  quite  innocent  of  prigging — I  was  only 
careless.  When  I  came  out  of  prison,  I 
to  Kpsom  races,  thinking  to  get  a  job  there  at 
something  or  other.  A  man  engaged  me  to 
assist  him  in  'pitching  the  hunters.'  Pitching 
the  hunters  is  the  three  sticks  a  penny,  with 
the  snuffboxes  stuck  upon  sticks;  if  you  throw 
your  stick,  and  they  fall  out  of  the  ho.< 
are  entitled  to  what  you  knock  off.  I  came 
to  London  with  my  master  the  pitcher-hunter, 
lie  went  to  a  swag  shop  in  Kent-street,  in  the 
Borough,  to  purchase  a  new  stock.  I  saw  a  man 
there  purchasing  rings,  this  was  little  Ikey.  the 
Jew;  some  days  afterwards  I  saw  him  making 
a  pitch,  and  selling  very  fast.  I  had  fourpeuce 


LOXDOX  LALOUR  AXD  THE  LOXLON  POOR. 


391 


in  my  pocket ;  went  to  Kent-street,  to  the  swag 
bought  a  dozen  rings,  and  commenced  sell- 
ing them.      I  sold   that  day  three    dozen  :   that 
-.  bad  considering  that  my  toggery  was  very 
queer,  and   I  looked   anything  but  like  one  who 
Avould  be  trusted  with  ten  pounds'  worth  of  gold 
This  wager    k-tween    the    two    sporting 
noblemen  has   been  a  long  time   settling.      I've 
been  at  it  more  than  fifteen  years.     The  origin  of 
>    this    here:   when    sovereigns  were   first 
coined,    the   Jew   boys    and  others  used  to  sell 
!  and  card-counters  upon  particular  occasions, 
•ne  as  they  do  now,    and  shove  them  in    a 
m  lid,  with  silver  paper  under  them.     Cap- 
:'arclay,    and    another   of    the    same    sort, 
bet   a  wager,   that  one  of  these   Jew-boys  could 
not  dispose  of  a  certain  number  of  real  sovereigns 
::ven    time,    supposing    the    Je\v-boy  cried 
more   than    '  here  's  sovereigns,  only 
a   penny  a    piece.'     The   number  he  was  to  sell 
.in  the  hour,  and  to  take  his  station 
nt  London   Bridge.     The  wager  was  made,    the 
Jew-boy   procured,  and   the  sovereigns   put  into 
the  pot  lid.     '  Here  are  real  sovereigns  a  penny 
•-,   who'll  buy'?'    he   cried:  but   he   sold 
•    few.      The  number  disposed    of,  within 
the   hour,    I  have   heard,  was  seventeen.    Those 
who  purchased,  when   they  foand  that  they  had 
really  bought  sovereigns  at  a  penny  a  piece,  re- 
turned for  more,  but  the  salesman  was  gone.     A. 
jjood  harvest  was   afterwards   reaped   among  the 
v.ho  get  up  a  medal  something   like  a  so- 
.  and  sold  them  in  every  quarter  of  London, 
soon  spread  about  every- 
where.    It's  a  stale  game  now;  it  was  • 
my  time,   but    I  've  heard   the  Jews  talk   about 
it.     The  second  day    I   tried  the  ring  dodge,  I 
•was  a  little  more  successful ;    indeed  every  day 
for  some  time  exceeded  the  day  before,  for,  as  I 
unproved  in  patter,  my  sales  increased.     My  ap- 
pearance, too,  was  improving.     At  one  time  1  was 
.ir  swell,  sported  white  kid  gloves,  white 
,-tcoat,    black   ribbon,    and    a 
g  glass.      Some  people  used  to  chatf  me, 
y  out  '  there 's  a  swell.'    I  never  was  saving, 
r>ney  as  fast  as  I  pot  it    I  might 
hare  saved  a  goodish  bit,  and  I  wish  I  had  now. 
I  never  had  a  wife,  but  I  have  had  two  or  three 
broomstick    match-  turned 

out  happy.       I  m  ne  but  what 

was  fond  of  lush,  minster,   at  a 

padding-ken.      I'd  rather  not  t<  il  you  \vii 

r,  but  ptsjple  might  think 
I   was  a   nose,  if  anybody  came   :. 

i  d  rather  get  sjonv-tliing 
«be  to  do  i;  iie  best 

of  the  ring-sellers  dispose  of    i 

"W  adds  other  art 
rail*  it),  some  conundrums,  a 
mg-book  and   a  sral, 

•.  ne  same  thing,  bu- 
well  v,  >  -  all  expects  to  do 

jrrr.it  tf.:n^    M.r:MK    to    i....:.      ,       i    t  .n.k    .Vii 

to  be  allowed  to  sell  in  the  parks. 
icrs  are   invited   to    witness   specimens  of 


British  Industry,  and  it 's  my  opinion  they  should 
see  all,  from  the  highest  to  the  lowest.  Y> 
intend  petitioning  the  Prince  on  the  subject,  but  I 
don't  suppose  it  would  be  any  go,  seeing  as  how 
the  slang  coves'*  (the  showmen),  "have  done  so, 
and  been  refused." 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  CHILDREN'S  GILT 

WAT' 

THESE  articles  were  first  introduced  into  general 
street  sale  about  10  years  ago.  They  were 
then  German  made.  The  size  was  not  much 
larger  than  that  of  a  shilling,  and  to  this  tinv 
watch  was  appended  as  tiny  a  chain  and  seal. 
The  street-price  was  only  Id.,  and  the  wholesale 
price  was  8s.  the  gross.  They  were  sold  at  eight 
of  the  swag-shops,  all  "  English  and  foreign,"  or 
"  English  and  German"  establishments.  From 
the  price  it  would  appear  that  the  profit  was  4d. 
a  dozen,  but  as  the  street-sellers  had  to  "  take  the 
watchi-s  as  they  came,"  the  profit  was  but  : 
a  dozen  watches  in  a  gross  had  broken  glasses,  or 
were  otherwise  damaged  and  unsaleable.  The 
supply  of  these  watches  was  not  equal  to  the 
demand,  for  when  a  case  of  them  was  received, 
"it  could  have  been  sold  twice  over."  One 
street-seller  told  me  that  he  had  sold  15  and 
even  1C  dozen  of  these  watches  on  a  day,  and 
that  once  on  a  Saturday  night,  and  early  on 
Sunday  morning,  he  had  sold  2  gross,  or  24. 
dozen.  Such,  however,  was  not  the  regular  sale; 
a  '*'  good  week"  was  a  profit  of  15s. 

About  six  years  ago  gilt  watches  of  a  very 
superior  kind  were  sold  in  the  streets  in  a  dif- 
ferent way.  They  were  French  mrule,  and  were 
at  iirst  vended  at  Is.  each.  Some  were  displayed 
in  case-boxes,  fitted  up  with  divisions,  in  which 
were  placed  the  watches  with  the  guard-chains, 
about  three-quarters  of  a  yard  long,  coiled  round 
them.  There  were  also  two  or  three  keys,  one  in 
the  form  of  a  pistol.  The  others  were-  hung  from 
a  small  pole,  sometimes  a  dozen,  and  srn:. 
two,  being  so  suspended,  and  they  had  a  good 
glittering  appearance  in  a  bright  light ;  thi- 
fashion  still  continues.  The  street-sellers,  how- 
N  anxious  not  to  -  ies  too 

much,  ;i  injured  by  the  weather, 

and  any  stain  or  injury  is  irreparable.  The  shilling 

and  then  the  wholesale  price — owing,  the  street- 

n  oppo- 
sition in  the  trade  in  1'aris,"- — was  reduced  to 
it.  6d. 

-  .is   "  at   its 

selling 

• 

'<>r  the 

same  period  about  half  tli-  mimher  of  .<..  !>rs  men- 
tioned,  aven 
each,  or  9*.  a  wrr 
present   for   Git.      Beautiful    • 

.)jiloy.      On'  |    liand- 

The  vendors  of  theso  watches  are  the  t 


392 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


street-sellers,  some  of  them  being  tolerably  good 
patterers.  One  of  these  men,  in  the  second  year 
of  the  street-sale  of  watches,  appeared  one  morn- 
ing in  an  apron  and  sleeves,  to  which  brass  and 
copper  filings  were  made  to  adhere,  and  he  an- 
nounced himself  as  an  English  working  jeweller 
unemployed,  offering  his  own  manufactures  for 
sale,  "  better  finished  and  more  solider  nor  the 
French."  The  man's  sale  was  greatly  increased. 
On  the  following  day,  however,  four  other  Eng- 
lish working  jewellers  appeared  in  Leicester- 
square  and  its  approaches,  each  in  besprinkled 
apron  and  sleeves,  and  each  oiFering  the  produc- 
tions of  his  own  handicraft !  The  apron  and 
sleeves  were  therefore  soon  abandoned. 

Among  the  best "  pitches," — for  the  watch-sellers 
are  not  itinerant,  though  they  walk  to  and  fro — 
are  the  Regent's-park,  Leicester-square,  the  foot 
of  London-bridge,  and  of  Jjlackfriars-bridge,  and 
at  the  several  railway  stations. 

The  principal  purchasers,  I  was  told  by  an  in- 
telligent patterer,  who  sometimes  "  turned  his 
hand  to  the  watches,"  were  "  fathers  and  mo- 
thers," he  thought,  "  and  them  as  wished  to 
please  such  parties." 

Calculating  that  twenty-five  persons  now  vend 
watches  for  twelve  weeks  in  the  year,  and — as 
they  are  10  per  cent,  cheaper  than  they  were  at 
the  swag-shops  — that  each  clears  8s.  weekly,  we 
find  3GO/.  yearly  expended  in  London  streets  in 
these  toy  watches. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  TINWARE. 
TIIK  sellers  of  tins,  who  carry  them  under  their 
arms,  or  in  any  way  on  a  round,  apart  from  the 
use  of  a  vehicle,  are  known  as  hand-sellers.  The 
word  hand-seller  is  construed  by  the  street-traders 
as  meaning  literally  hand-seller,  that  is  to  say,  a 
-teller  of  things  held  or  carried  in  the  hand;  but 
the  term  is  clearly  derived  from  the  Scotch  hand- 
sell,  as  in  *'  handsell  penny."  Handsell,  accordinar 
to  Jamieson,  the  Scotch  etymologist,  me 
"  The  first  money  that  a  trader  receives  for  goods; 
also  a  gift  conferred  at  a  particular  season.  (2) 
A  piece  of  bread  given  before  breakfast."  Ihre, 
the  Gothic  lexicographer,  views  the  term  handsell 
as  having  sprung  from  the  Maeso-Gothic  hunsla 
(sacrifice  or  offering).  This  is  the  same  as  the 
Anglo-Sax  husl  (the  Eucharist),  whence  comes  the 
English  honsd  and  unhovseled;  and  he  considers 
the  word  to  have  originally  meant  a  gift  or  offering 
of  any  kind.  Hence,  the  hand-sellers  of  tin  and 
other  wares  in  the  street,  would  mean  simply  those 
who  offered  such  tin  or  other  wares  for  sale.  The 
goods  they  dispose  of  are  dripping-pans  (sometimes 
called  *'  square  pans"),  sold  at  from  3rf.  to  18<£., 
the  2>d.  pans  being  "  6  inch,"  and  the  ISd.  "15 
inch;"  cullenders,  Qd.  to  9d.;  hand-bowls,  for 
washerwomen,  Is.  (now  a  very  small  portion  of  the 
trade) ;  roasting-jacks,  with  tin  bodies,  6d.  to 
Is.  6d.  (this  used  to  be  the  best  article  for  profit 
and  ready  sale  in  the  trade,  but  "  they  are  going 
out  of  date ") ;  and  the  smaller  articles  of  graters, 
&c. 

The  hand-sellers  also  trade  in  other  articles 
which  are  less  portable  •  the  principal  sale,  how- 


ever, is  at  "  stands,"  and  there  chiefly  on  a  Satur- 
[  day  night,  the  great  business-time  of  street-com- 
merce! These  less  portable  articles  are  tea-kettles, 
i  lOrf.  to  HSd. ;  saucepans  of  all  sizes,  the  smallest 
being  the  "  open  pints"  at  2d.  or  2-^rf.  each  (they 
'  cost  them  2(W.  a  dozen ;  it 's  a  bargain  to  get  them 
,  at  I8d.),  and  the  largest  the  "nine  quart;"  but 
I  the  kinds  most  in  demand  are  the  "three  pints" 
and  "  two  quarts,"  sold  at  6d.  and  8rf.    There  are 
also  fish-kettles  in  this  street-traffic,  though  to  a 
very  limited  extent — "one  fish-kettle,"  I  was  told, 
"  to  four-and-t\venty  saucepans ;"  the  selling  price 
for  the  fiah-kettles  is  5s.  and  3s.  6d.  each;  candle- 
sticks are  sold  at  id.  to  Is. ;  and  shaving-pots,  4d. 
A  few  tin  things  used  to  be  sold  at  the  mews,  but 
the  trade  is  now  almost  entirely  abandoned.  These 
were  tins  for  singeing  horses,  2s.  Gd.  ench  when 
first  introduced,  ten  or  twelve  years  ago,  but  now 
}.-•.,  and  stable  lanterns,   of   punched  tin,  which 
cannot  be  sold  now  for  more  than  1*.  each,  though 
they  cost  10s.  per  dozen  at  a  tin-shop. 

There  are  other  tin  articles  vended  in  the 
streets,  but  they  will  be  more  properly  detailed  in, 
my  account  of  street-artisans,  as  the  maker  and 
the  street-seller  are  the  same  individual.  Among 
these  are  Dutch  ovens,  which  are  rarely  offered 
now  by  those  who  purchase  their  goods  at  the 
tin-shops,  as  the  charge  there  is  Gd.  "  Why,"  said 
a  working  tinman'to  me,  "  I  've  had  10c£.  many  a 
week  for  making  ovens,  and  the  stuff  found.  It 
takes  two  plates  of  tin  to  make  an  oven,  that 's 
37.  at  any  tin-shop,  before  a  minute's  labour  is 
given  to  it,  and  yet  the  men  who  hawk  their  own 
goods  sell  their  ovens  regularly  enough  at  4d.  It's 
the  ruin  of  the  trade."  The  tin-shops,  I  may  ob- 
serve, supply  the  artisans  with  the  materials  they 
require,  as  well  as  the  ready-made  articles,  to  the 
street-seller. 

One  of  the  largest  street-stands  "in  tin"  is  in 
St.  John-street,  Clerkenwell,  on  Saturday  even- 
ings, but  the  proprietor  pertains  to  the  artisan 
class,  though  he  buys  some  of  his  goods  at  the 
tin-shops. 

The  hand-sellers  of  tin  are  about  100  in  num- 
ber, and  60  of  that  number  may  be  said  to  bo- 
wives  and  children  of  the  remaining  40;  as  the 
majority  of  the  itinerant  vendors  of  tinware  are 
married  men  with  families.  "  Tins'"  are  not  a  heavy 
carriage,  and  can  very  well  be  borne  from  house  to 
house  by  women,  while  children  sell  such  things 
as  nutmeg-graters,  pepper-boxes,  extinguishers, 
and  save-alls.  Those  who  sell  the  larger  tin 
articles  in  the  streets  are  generally  the  makers  of 
them.  "  A  dozen  years  back  or  more,  perhaps, 
there  was,"  I  was  informed,  "  some  prime  block- 
tin  tea-pots  sold  in  the  streets;  there's  none  now. 
Metal 's  druv  out  tin." 

Among  the  street  tin-sellers  I  heard  many  com- 
plaints of  the  smallness,  and  the   constantly  di- 
minishing rate   of  their  earnings.     "  Our  people 
has  bad  luck,  too,"  said  one  man,  "  or  they  isn't 
wide  awake.      You  may  remember,  sir,  that  a  few 
weeks  back,  a  new  save-all  came  in,  and  was  called 
candle-wedges,  and  went  off  well.     It  was  a  tin 
!  thing,  and  oujrht  by  rights  to  have  been  started  by 
1  the  tin-shops  for  us.  But  it  was  first  put  out  by  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


393 


swag-men  at  3j.the  gross.  The  first  and  second  days 
the  men  were  soon  sold  out.  Them  as  could  patter 
tidy  did  the  best — I  tried,  but  you  see,  sir,  I  'm  no 

scholar.     Well,  they  went  at  night  to  Mr.  'a, 

in  Houndsditch,  I  think  it  is,  and  he  says,  '  I'm 
out  of  them,  but  I  '11  have  some  in  the  morning.' 
They  goes  in  the  morning,  and  the  swag 
says  :  '  0, 1  can't  afford  'em  at  three  shillings,  you 
can  have  'em  at  four.'  He  put  Is.  exter  on  the 
gross,  cause  they  sold,  nothing  else,  sir;  and  a  re- 
lation of  mine  heard  the  swag  shopkeeper  say, 
'Why,  they're  cheap  at  four;  Jim  (the  street- 
seller)  there  made  3s.  3cf.  on  'em  yesterday.  I 
ain't  agoing  to  slave,  and  pay  rent,  and  rates,  and 
taxes,  to  make  yo»r  fortens  ;  it  ain't  likely.'  You 
see,  sir,  they  was  sold  at  \d.  each,  and  cost  \d., 
which  is  3</.  a  dozen,  and  so  the  swag  got  a 
higher  profit,  while  the  poor  fellows  had  to  sell  for 
less  profit.'1 

From  the  most  reliable  information  which  I  could 
acquire,  it  appears  that  these  tin-sellers,  taken  al- 
together, do  not  earn  above  6s.  a  week  each,  as 
Li  the  adult  men,  and  half  that  as  regards 
the  children  and  women.  To  realize  this  amount, 
the  adults  must  take  13.*.,  and  the  women  and 
children  7s.,  for  the  latter  are  less  "  priced  down." 
Thus,  if  we  calculate  an  average  receipt,  per  in- 
dividual, of  10*.  weeklv,  reckoning  100  sellers, 
we  find  a  yearly  expenditure  on  tins,  bought  in 
the  street,  of  2500/.  The  trade  is  greatest  in  the 
suburbs,  and  some  men,  who  have  become  "  known 
on  their  rounds,"  supply  houses,  by  order,  with 
all  the  tins  they  require. 

There  is  a  branch  of  the  tin-trade  carried  on  in 
a  way  which  I  have  shown  prevailed  occasionally 
among  the  costermongers,  viz.,  the  selling  of  goods 
on  commission.  This  system  is  now  carried  on 
among  all  the  parties  who  trade  "  from "  swag- 
barrows. 

The  word  "ticog"  which  has  been  so  often 
used  in  this  work  of  late,  is,  like  many  other  of 
the  street-terms,  of  Scotch  origin  (as  handseller, 
butter).  The  Scotch  word  is  sicfy  or  .track, 
imam,  according  to  Jamieson,  a  quantity,  a 
Ue  number,  a  large  collection  of  any  kind. 
root  appears  to  be  an  ancient  Germ. 
— a  flock,  a  herd.)  ]!••:  Ware- 

is  a  warehouse  containing  a  lar-e  collection 
miscellaneous  goods;  and  a  Swag  Barrow,  a 
t>W  laden  wir.  assortment  of 

de§.     The  slang  term  tira</  means  booty,  plun- 
f  goods — the 

(these  swag-barrowmcn,  there  are  not  less  than 
10  barrows  are  mostly  t 
;  ..(]*,  who  are  not 

e«c  men  has  50  barrows  of  hi» 
,  and  en  KMI  to   work  them.     The 

supplies  not  only  the 
the  stock,  and  the  men'*  remuneration 

i  the  amount  of  sales.     Kach  article 
<  charged  to  the  public  i 
.••    •  wag-barrows  are   nutmeg 
td-gratcri,   beer-warmers,    null-slice*,    goblets, 

In  addition 


to  the  tin-wares,  the  swag-barrows  are  stocked 
with  brooches,  rings,  pot-ornaments,  plates,  small 
crockeryware,  toy?,  &c.,  each  article  being  also 
vended  at  Id.  The  trade  is  so  far  stationary,  that 
the  men  generally  confine  themselves  to  one  neigh- 
bourhood, if  not  to  one  street.  The  majority  of 
the  swag-barrowmen  have  been  costermongers, 
and  nearly  the  whole  have  been  engaged  in  street 
avocations  all  their  lives.  One  man  familiar  with 
the  trade  thought  I  might  state  that  the  whole 
were  of  this  description ;  for  though  there  was 
lately  a  swag  barrowman  who  had  been  a  trades- 
man in  an  extensive  way,  there  was,  he  believed, 
no  such  exception  at  the  present  time.  These 
barrowmen  are  nearly  all  uneducated,  and  arc 
plodding  and  persevering  men,  though  they  make 
few  exertions  to  better  their  condition.  As  the 
barrow  and  stock  are  supplied  to  them,  without 
any  outlay  on  their  part,  their  faculties  are  not 
even  sharpened,  as  among  many  of  the  coster- 
mongers, by  the  necessity  of  providing  stock- 
money,  and  knowing  how  to  bargain  and  buy  to 
advantage.  They  have  merely  to  sell.  Their 
commission  furnishes  little  or  nothing  more  than 
the  means  of  a  bare  subsistence.  The  great  sale 
is  on  Saturday  nights  at  the  street-markets,  and 
to  the  working  people,  who  then  crowd  those 
places,  and.  as  one  said  to  me,  '•  has  a  few  pennies 
to  lay  out."  At  such  times  as  much  as  3/.  has 
been  taken  by  a  swag- barrowman.  During  the 
other  days  of  the  week  their  earnings  are  small. 
It  is  considered  a  first-rate  week,  and  there  must 
be  all  the  facilities  for  street-trade  afforded  by  fine 
weather,  to  take  2s.  a  day  (clearing  6d),  and  3/. 
on  a  Saturday  night.  This  gives  the  swag-bar- 
rowman  a  commission  of  18*.;  but  I  am  informed, 
by  competent  persons,  that  the  average  of  the 
weekly  profits  of  these  street-traders  does  not 
exceed  10.?.  a  week.  This  shows  a  yearly  receipt, 
by  the  men  working  the  barrows,  of  3900J.  as 
their  profit  or  payment,  and  a  gross  receipt  of 
11,700^.  Of  this  large  amount  nearly  two-thirds, 
I  am  assured,  is  expended  on  tin-wares. 

The  prime  cost,  at  the  tin-shops,  of  these  wares, 
to  the  barrow  proprietors,  are  7.<.  and  7*.  6d.  the 
gross,  leaving  from  1\d.  to  Id.  profit  on  every 
shilling,  over  the  3(/.  commission  paid  to  the  sales- 
man. The  tins  nre  all  made  in  London.  The 
jewellery,  and  other  stock  of  the  .swag  harrows, 
are  bought  at  the  general  swag-shops,  of  which  I 

OF   TUB    LlFB   OF    A    TlN-W.VRK    Sl.LTKK. 

••'.  biography  was  fmimunicateti 
inig.      It  is,  I  believe,  a  striking  in 
Stance  of  tiie  .  md  privations  to  which  ;i 

fa  is  Miliject.    It  forms,  nirimis 

rxamji!  nlratiictions  which 

the  same  individti.t 

•  the  force  «.f  circumstances,  and  at  another 
trol  them. 

ft  nonsensical  rpUtle,  is  n.  how  mm -}\ 

'    •  -if  rjuliiring  in  the 

of  privations.     People  in  ra«y 


394 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


scarcely  credit  what  I  am  about  to  relate  ;  and 
many  of  the  poor  will  smile  at  what  T  have  termed 
hardships,  and  at  my  folly  in  endeavouring  to 
paint  the  misery  I  have  endured,  which  will  ap- 
pear slight  when  compared  to  what  they  them- 
selves have  suffered. 

"  I  am  the  son  of  a  mechanic  who  was  acci- 
dentally drowned  some  Aveeks  previous  to  my 
birth.  My  mother,  through  industry  and  perse- 
verance, endeavoured  to  support  me  and  my  sister 
till  we  arrived  at  the  ages  of  15  and  18, 
I  being  the  younger.  I  entered  a  gentleman's 
service  as  pantry-boy,  where  I  continued  until  I 
considered  myself  competent  to  take  a  higher 
situation.  Still  a  servant's  life  was  not  the  bent 
of  my  inclinations;  martial  music  and  viewing 
soldiers  on  parade  made  me  think  that  a  rifle  was 
a  more  graceful  tool  than  a  toasting-fork.  I  re- 
solved to  serve  his  Majesty,  and  for  that  purpose 
enlisted  in  the  60th  Rifles  on  the  route  for  India, 
but  Providence  ordained  it  otherwise.  On  the 
afternoon  on  which  I  'listed  I  fell  by  accident  and 
broke  my  leur,  and  as  I  was  not  sworn  in  I  was 
entitled  to  no  pension.  I  was  six  months  confined 
to  my  bed,  and  it  was  three  years  before  I  could 
go  without  my  crutch.  Grief  for  my  misfortunes 
had  borne  my  mother  to  an  early  grave,  and  I  was 
left  a  cripple  and  destitute.  Whether  by  design 
or  accident  I  do  not  recollect,  but  I  met  with 

the  lady  (Lady   M )   in    whose   service  I 

first  entered  as  pantry-boy ;  she  took  pity  on 
my  forlorn  condition,  and  kindly  invited*  me 
to  her  Mansion,  where  I  remained  tintil  com- 
pletely restored  to  health,  but  still  crippled. 
After  this  I  was  employed  painting  and  glaz- 
ing, &c.,  and,  considering  myself  competent  to 
get  my  living  in  that  line,  I  resolved  to  go  to 
London — the  theatre  of  all  my  misery  to  come, 
for  I  was  disappointed.  On  reaching  the  metro- 
polis my  paint-brush  was  turned  into  a  shovel,  my 
paint-pot  into  a  dust  sieve,  for  I  could  only  g<-t 
employed  by  a  man  to  work  in  a  dust-yard  at  1  Ox. 
A  week.  From  thence  I  went  to  a  firm  belonging 
to  a  friend  at  Beckenham,  near  Croydon,  as  work- 
ing time-keeper,  or  foreman;  but  during  a  fair  in 
that  village  I  neglected  to  back  the  time,  and  being 
discharged  was  cast  upon  the  world  anain  with 
only  3s.  in  my  pocket,  which  I  eat  and  drank  up, 
having  no  idea  of  street  trading.  Then  came  my 
trials;  but  having  had  sufficient  food  during  the 
day,  I  did  not  feel  much  the  effects  of  my  first 
night  in  the  streets.  The  next  day  I  had  no  food, 
and  towards  dusk  began  bitterly  to  feel  my  situa- 
tion ;  that  night  I  slept,  or  rather  lay,  in  an  empty 
house.  Towards  noon  of  the  next  day  I  felt  weak, 
and  drank  large  quantities  of  water,  for  I  had  no 
particular  desire  for  food.  Passing  by  a  shop 
where  oid  clothes  were  offered  for  sale,  I  saw  a 
man  wretched  in  appearance  disposing  of  an  old 
vest  for  a  few  pence.  I  caught  the  malady  and 
was  instantly  spoiled  of  my  coat,  having  received 
in  exchange  for  it  2s.  and  an  old  frock— such  as 
are  generally  worn  by  waggoners  or  countrymen. 
I  more  than  once  smiled  at  my  novel  appear- 
ance. A  penny  loaf,  a  drink  of  water,  and  a 
threepenny  lodging  was  the  first  assault  upon  mv 


2s.  I  regretted,  however,  the  3d.  paid  for  my 
lodging,  and  determined  not  to  risk  anot: 
my  bedfellows  were  so  numerous,  and  of  such 
teazing  propensities,  that  they  would  not  allow  me 
to  sleep;  truly  indeed  is  it  said  that  'poverty 
makes  us  acquainted  with  strange  bedfell«ws.'  At 
this  time  I  formed  an  acquaintance  with  a  man 
whose  condition  was  similar  to  my  own  ;  he  en- 
gaged to  put  me  'fly  to  a  dodge'  or  two;  an 
explanation  from  him  was  necessary  to  make  me 
acquainted  with  the  sense  of  his  words,  which  I 
soon  found  simply  meant  artful  manoeuvres.  One 
of  these  dodges  was  to  snooze  (a  term  for  bleeping/ 
in  the  Adt-lphi  arches ;  I  felt  grateful  for  such  a 
mark  of  disinterested  friendship,  and  next  day  my 
friend  and  me  fared  sumptuously  on  the  produce 
of  my  coat,  and  at  night  we  repaired  to  the  Arches 
in  question,  and  there  found  a  comfortable  lodging 
in  a  hay-loft.  I  lay  for  some  time,  but  did 
not  sleep.  I  was  several  times  addressed  by  my 
companion  in  an  under  tone,  'Are  you  B 
he  whispered,  'ain't  it  a  stunning  dos]'  (which 
nie-uis  >.  I  was  nut  in  a  mood  for 

conversation,  and  made  no  reply ;  to  silence  him 
completely  I  affected  to  snore,  and  this  had  the 
de.-ired  effect.  For  a  few  minutes  he  was  quite 
quiet,  and  then  he  commenced  with  great  caution 
to  unlace  my  boots,  with  a  view  to  stealing  them. 
•ived  his  object,  and  immediately  left  my 
lodging  and  companion.  I  felt  grieved  and  dis- 
appointed at  the  loss  of  one  in  whom  I  placed  all 
confidence ;  but  this  time  wisdom  was  purchased 
cheaply,  inasmuch  as  I  suffered  r.o  loss  except  that 
my  money  might  have  lasted  me  a  little  longer. 
The  remainder  of  that  night  I  strayed  about  the 
Strand  and  Charing  cross,  after  a  drink  of  water  ; 
I  took  a  seat  on  a  curb  surrounding  the  pump  ; 
many  wretched  beings  came  and  seated  themselves 
beside  me,  and  a  conversation  ensued  respecting 
their  several  destinations  during  the  day.  One 
proposed  going  to  Hungerford-market  to  do  a 
feed  on  decayed  shrimps  or  other  offal  laying 
about  the  market;'  another  proposed  going  to 
Covent-garden  to  do  a  'tightener'  of  rotten 
oranges,  to  which  I  was  humorously  invited ;  I 
accepted  the  invitation,  and  proceeded  with  ray 
new  companion.  I  fared  well ;  I  filled  my  hat, 
took  a  seat,  and  made  a  most  delicious  breakfast. 
I  remained  strolling  about  the  Garden  all  day,  and 
towards  evening  was  invited  by  my  companions  to 
a  'dos'  in  an  open  shed  in  Islington;  this  I 
declined,  alleging  that  I  had  a  lodging,  but  that 
night  I  slept  amongst  a  heap  of  stones  near 
pi;l;ir  at  Charing  cross.  I  continued  to  at 
the  (lardcn  for  several  weeks,  ;• 
on  the  offal  of  that  market.  One  day  I 
notice  of  a  man  there  selling  chestnut  leaves ; 
enquired  how  he  obtained  them  :  he  : 
plucked  them  from  the  trees  without  hind 
aed  directed  me  to  where  I  could  <>l>t.. 
went  to  a  gr>ve  in  the  vicinity  of  Kil.> 
there  all  night.  Next  morning  I  foti :; 
so  I  retun  ed  disappointed  to  town.  ;i 
through  the  market  a  woman  em  pi 
carry  a  bushel  of  pears  some  littl- 
for  a  penny.  I  felt  quite  elevated  in  an: 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXLOX  POOR. 


395 


such  a  treat  as  a  penny  loaf,  but  alas!  I  fell  down 
under  tlie  weight  of  the  fruit  and  poverty  ;  my 
employer,  however,  kindly  gave  me  the  penny, 
though  some  of  her  pears  were  injured,  and  I  had 
not  taken  them  halt'  the  required  distance.  With 
the  money  I  purchased  a  loaf,  and  sat  on  a  stone 
near  the  pump  in  Covent  Garden  and  began  my 
jiie.il.  Here  I  soou  had  a  companion,  who  after 
B  a  lettuce  at  the  pump,  began  to  devour  it. 
1  sha: .  :  with  him.  '  O  God  !'  said  he, 

'  what  are  we  destined  to  suffer.  I  have  escaped 
the  bullets  oi  the  Carlists  in  Spain  to  die  in  the 
streets  ol  London  with  hunger.'  I  felt  an  interest 
in  the  who  I  discovered  in  the  course 

of  conversation  ha  tleman's  servant  in 

his  time  :  he  assured  me  he  had  been  living  in  the 
same  v.  :  ,il  weeks  as  I  myself  had  been. 

Towards  ni^ht  my  companion  asked  me  where  I 
slept.  I  told  him  my  different  haunts,  he  told  me 
I'd  better  go  to  the  straw-yard  with  him  :  this  was 
a  place  I  had  not  yet  heard  of:  it  was  the  nightly 
:or  the  houseless  poor.  I  accompanied  him 
without  hesitation  ;  my  confidence  wa<  not  mis- 
placed ;  I  slept  there  several  nights.  Bread  was 
distributed  to  us  night  and  morning,  and  this  was 
fortunate,  for  the  Garden  began  to  fail.  In  the 
;  >n  with  some  of  the  inmates  of 
the  Refuge,  we  found  that  we  could  obtain  employ- 
ment at  stone-breaking  ;  this  we  tried  the  next 
mornii  _  We  worked  all  day,  and 

.   each    on    leaving   work.      We   then 
made  up  our  mind.-  •  :iat  we  might 

have  an  opportunity  of  washing  what  were  once 
shirts. 

"  Misery  had  not  had  that  wasting  influence  on 
n  as   it  had   on  i  at  this 

lime  a  '  ;  a  puff  of  wind  would 

CMse  me  to  stagger  ••••aking, 

but  about  noon  of  the  third  day  I  sunk  ex 
on  the  heap  of  ston  Povertv  had  done 

itt  work,  and  I  anticipated  wit:-  ;>roach- 

•lution.   I  w  _r  by  mv 

compar  '.man  at 

.•'•d  that  I  was  ill,  she  or- 
dered »ome  of  her  to  dreM  me  and  put 
me  in  the  it  ..as  under  a 

'  ast   into   the 
on  then 
i    that    dav 

care  me  a  lodging  if  po-  in  the 

tiiainder  «•  I  went  to 

i    as    possible 
•      i 

next    i  .    was  very   1 

workhoime;     I     was    <"4"Httlii 

f  asking  questions 

My  disorder 

w.i«  prooo  ii"-. I  Bsjgiidi  eMsjsB.  I  l.:y  tin.-.- 
!  Weeks  in  a  precarious  state,  but  at  tin- 

••red   sufficiently    to  walk 
about.       i 
towards  the  Abbey  in  Westminster  I 

f  surrounded  by 
ber  of  persons.     I  was  advised  to  return  to  the 


!  house  ;  1  did  so,  and  was  admitted  for  a  short  time, 
after  which  I  was  again  discharged,  but  I  received 
out-door  relief  twice  a  week  ;  and  for  some  time  a 
small  portion  of  bread  and  cheese  as  well.  /  had 
no~<r  lost  not  out'/  all  hope, 

g  v,\y  condition  ;  during  these  trials  I 
made  none  acquainted  with  my  privations,  save 
those  situated  as  I  was.  I  now  altered  my  con- 
dition as  regards  sleeping  ;  I  walked  about  during 

!  the  night,  and  slept  a  portion  of  the  dav  on  a  heap 
of  sand  near  Westminster-bridge.  I  then  remem- 
bered to  have  a  poor  relative  in  Kensington  ;  I  did 
not  plead  distress,  but  merely  asked  whether  she 
knew  where  I  might  procure  employment.  I  had 
a  cup  of  tea,  the  first  I  had  tasted  since  I  was  in 
the  workhouse,  a  period  of  five  weeks.  Being 
asked  some  question  by  my  relative,  I  could  not 
help  making  reference  to  some  of  my  sufferings. 
At  this  place  I  found  a  young  man  of  whom  I 
had  had  a  previous  acquaintance;  I  told  him  of  my 
inability  to  procure  a  lodging,  and  he  allowed 
me  without  the  knowledge  of  his  parents  to  sleep 
in  the  stalile-loft ;  the  bed  was  hard,  but  the  coal 
sacks  kept  me  warm.  Here  I  had  many  opportu- 
nities of  earning  a  few  pence,  and  I  began  to 
regain  my  spirits.  On  one  occasion,  seeing  a  lad 
illtreated  by  a  young  man  who  was  much  his 
superior  in  size  and  strength,  I  interposed,  and  it 
may  be  conjectured  in  what  manner.  This  cir- 
cumstance procured  me  a  friend,  for,  with  the  assist- 
ance of  the  lad  I  had  protected,  I  was  enabled  to 
live  tolerably  well,  and  after  a  short  while  I  trot  a 
situation  at  a  coal-shed  at  10.<.  a  week.  I  con- 
tinued in  this  place  eighteen  months,  but,  my 
master  giving  up  the  business,  I  was  again  cast 
on  the  world.  I  then  began  to  think  seriously  of. 
some  way  of  living,  and  for  the  first  time 
for  the  loan  of  15s.  With  this  I  purchased  a 
few  articles  of  furniture,  laid  out  7x  6<?.  for  two 
hundred  of  oranges,  with  which  I  walked  and 
hawked  about  two  days,  taking  but  -id.  during  the 
time.  I  disposed  of  the  remainder  of  m\ 

with  this    I  purchased  a  small 
tin   saucepan,  a  piece   of  marble  slab,   and  com- 
menced siig .ir-hdiiiiiLT.      I  retailed  my  mann: 
in  the    streets.       By   dint     of    perseveran 

.niacred  to    live  this   way  through  the 
winter  and  a  portion  of  the  spring  ;   but   summer 
i  none  of  my  com- 
pounds to  warm  their  mouths,  so  it  v. . 

.y  hand.       What  should  1  u,.  | 

Thonc.':'  y    their   births.      1 

•  n  selling  rings  at 

a  peni:\  ade    up    my   mind   to  :: 

I    tray   and   stock 
arrongii  -   to  the  hot  advantage 

Herts.        Tii 
Nit    when  ('. 

Having   once  a  considerable  M. 
1    was  prom 

.I)--.      An  tins  c 

I  m«Mg«d    to  get  a  living.      The    s\  >:,-m   then 
trtrtmt  §M>n 

contained    a   lot    seller,    so    I    was  determined  to 
I  change  my  hand.      >  .  the  street  I  saw  a 


396 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


girl  with  a  bundle  of  old  umbrellas  going  towards 
a  marine  store  shop  ;  I  asked  if  the  umbrellas 
were  for  sale ;  she  replied  in  the  affirmative  ;  the 
price  she  asked  was  4d.  ;  I  became  a  purchaser. 
With  these  old  umbrellas  I  commenced  a  new  life. 
I  bought  some  trifling  tools  necessary  for  repairing 
umbrellas,  and,  after  viewing  well  the  construction 
of  the  articles,  I  commenced  operations.  I  succeeded, 
and  in  a  little  time  could  not  only  mend  an  old 
umbrella,  but  make  a  new  one.  This  way  of  living 
I  followed  three  years.  In  one  of  my  walks 
through  the  streets  crying  old  umbrellas  to  sell, 
I  saw  a  street  tinker  repairing  a  saucepan  ;  he 
seemed  so  very  comfortable  with  his  fire-pan  before 
him,  that  I  resolved  from  that  moment  to  become 
a  tinker,  and  for  that  purpose  I  bought  a  few 
tools,  prepared  a  budget,  and  sallied  into  the 
streets  with  as  much  indifference  as  if  I  had  been 
at  the  business  since  my  birth.  After  a  little 
practice  I  fancied  I  was  fit  for  better  things  than 
mending  old  saucepans,  and  flattered  myself  that  I 
was  able  to  make  a  new  one.  This  I  resolved  to 
attempt,  and  succeeded  so  well,  that  I  at  once 
abandoned  the  rainy-day  system,  and  commenced 
manufacturing  articles  in  tin-ware,  such  as  are  now 
sold  in  the  streets,  namely  funnels,  nutmeg-graters, 
penny  mugs,  extinguishers,  slices,  savealls,  &c.  I 
soon  became  known  to  the  street-sellers  and  swag- 
shop  proprietors.  The  prices  I  get  are  low,  and 
I  am  deficient  in  some  of  the  tools  necessary  to 
forward  the  work,  with  the  required  speed  to 
procure  returns  adequate  to  my  expenses;  but 
thanks  to  the  Lord  I  am  better  off  than  ever  I 
expected  to  be,  with  the  difference  only  of  a 
somewhat  shattered  constitution.  There  are  many 
at  the  present  day  suffering  as  I  have  done,  and 
they  may  be  found  in  and  about  the  different 
markets  of  the  metropolis." 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  DOG-COLLARS. 
OF  these  street-traders   there  are  now  regularly 
twelve ;  one  man  counted  to  me  fourteen,  but  two 
of  these  only  sold  dog-collars  occasionally,  when 
they  could  not  get  employment  in  their  trade  as  j 
journeymen  brass-founders.    Of  the  regular  hands,  i 
one,  two,  and  sometimes  three  sell  only  dog-collars  ! 
(with  the  usual  adjuncts  of  locks,  and  sometimes 
chains,  and  key-rings),  but  even  these,  when  their 
stock-money  avails,   prefer  uniting  to  the  collars 
some  other  trifling  article. 

Two  of  the  most  profitable  pitches  for  the  sale 
of  these  articles  are  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
Old  Swan  Pier,  off  Thames- street,  and  at  a  corner 
of  the  Bank.  Neither  of  these  two  traders  con- 
fines his  stock  to  dog-collars,  though  they  con- 
stitute the  most  valuable  portion  of  it.  The  one 
sells,  in  addition  to  his  collars,  key-rings,  keys 
and  chains,  dog-whistles,  stamps  with  letters  en- 
graved upon  them,  printer's  type,  in  which  any 
name  or  initials  may  be  set  up,  shaving-brushes, 
trowser-straps,  razors,  and  a  few  other  light  arti- 
cles. The  other  sells  little  more  than  "dog" 
articles,  with  the  addition  of  brass  padlocks  and 
small  whips.  But  the  minor  commodities  are 
frequently  varied,  according  to  the  season  and 
to  the  street-seller's  opinion  of  what  may  "  sell." 


Some  of  these  traders  hang  their  wares  against 
the  rails  of  any  public  or  other  building  in  a  good 
situation,  where  they  can  obtain  leave.  Others 
have  stalls,  with  "a  back,"  from  the  corners  of 
which  hang  the  strings  of  dog-collars,  one  linked 
within  another.  The  manner  in  which  one  street- 
seller  displays  his  wares  is  shown  in  the  illustra- 
tion before  given.  Of  the  whole  number,  half  are 
either  itinerant  on  a  round,  or  walk  up  and  down 
a  thoroughfare  and  an  adjacent  street  or  two. 
"  Dog-collars,"  said  one  man,  "  is  no  good  at 
Saturday-night  markets.  People  has  said  to  me — 
for  I  was  flat  enough  to  try  once — '  Dogs  !  pooh, 
I  've  hardly  grub  enough  for  the  kids.'  For  all 
that,  sir,  some  poor  people  has  dogs,  and  is  very 
fond  of  them  too ;  ay,  and  I  've  sold  them  collars, 
but  seldom.  I  think  it 's  them  as  has  no  children 
has  dogs." 

The  collars  most  in  demand  are  brass.  One  man 
pointed  out  to  me  the  merits  of  his  stock,  which 
he  retailed  from  6d.  each  (tor  the  very  small 
ones)  to  3s. — for  collars  seemingly  big  enough  for 
Pyrenean  sheep  dogs.  Some  of  the  street-sold 
collars  have  black  and  red  rims  and  linings ; 
others  are  of  leather,  often  scarlet,  stitched  orna- 
mentally over  a  sort  of  jointed  iron  or  wire- work. 
A  few  are  of  strong  compact  steel  chain-work; 
"  but  them  's  more  the  fashion,"  said  one  seller, 
"  for  sporting  dogs,  like  pointers  and  greyhounds, 
and  is  very  seldom  bought  in  the  streets.  It 's 
the  pet  dogs  as  is  our  best  friends." 

The  dog-collar  sellers  have,  as  regards  perhaps 
one-half,  been  connected  in  their  youth  with  some 
mechanical  occupation  in  metal  manufacture.  Four, 
I  am  told,  are  or  were  pensioners  to  a  small  amount, 
as  soldiers  or  sailors. 

Some  further  particulars  of  the  business  will  be 
found  in  the  following  statement  given  me  by  a 
man  in  the  trade.  He  was  sickly-looking,  seemed 
dispirited  at  first,  but  to  recover  his  spirits  as  he 
conversed,  and  spoke  with  a  provincial  (I  presume 
;i  Warwickshire  or  Staffordshire)  accent. 

"  I  served  my  time,  sir ;  my  relations  put  me 
— for  my  parents  died  when  t  was  a  boy — to  a 
harness  furniture  maker,  in  Wa'sall  (\Valsal),  who 
supplied  Mr.  Dixon,  a  saddler's  ironmonger,  in  a 
•rood  way.  I  had  fair  makings,  and  was  well 
treated,  and  when  I  was  out  of  my  time  I  worked 
for  another  master,  and  I  then  found  I  could  make 
my  pad  territs"  (the  round  loops  of  the  harness 
pad,  through  which  the  reins  are  passed),  "my 
hooks,  my  buckles,  my  ornaments  (some  of  'em 
crests),  as  well  as  any  man.  I  worked  only  in 
brass,  never  plated,  but  sometimes  the  body  for 
plating,  and  mostly  territs  and  hooks.  Thinking 
I  'd  better  myself,  I  came  to  London.  I  was 
between  five  and  six  weeks  before  I  got  a  stroke 
of  work,  and  my  money  had  gone.  I  found  that 
London  harness  makers  and  coachmakers'  names 
was  put  on  Walsal-made  goods,  and  '  London  made' 
and  'town  made'  was  put  too.  They  might  be  aa 
good,  but  they  wasn't  town  made  no  more  nor  I  am. 
I  can't  tell  what  I  suffered,  and  felt,  and  thought, 
as  at  last  I  walked  the  streets.  I  was  afraid  to 
call  at  any  brass- worker's — for  I  can  do  ma: 
of  brass  work — I  was  so  shabby.  I  called  once  at 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


397 


Mr.  A 's,  near  Smithfield,  and  he,  or  his  fore 

man  perhaps  it  was,  says  to  me,  '  Give  that  tug 
buckle  a  file.'     I  'd  had   nothing  to  eat   but  ai 
apple  I  found  in  the  street  that  day,  and  my  ham 
trembled,    and    so    he   told    me    that    drunkards 
with  trembling  hands,  wouldn't  do  there.     I  wai 
never  a  drinking  man  ;  and  at  that  time   hailn' 
tasted    so    much    as    beer    for    ten    days.       M} 
landlady— I  paid    her    U    a    week    for    half   a 
bed   with    a   porter — trusted  me  my  rent,  'cause 
I  paid  her  when  I  had  it ;  but  I  walked  about 
narvussed  and  trembling,  and  frightened  at  every 
sudden  sound.     No,  sir,  I  've  stood  looking  ovei 
a  bridge,  but,   though    I   may    have    thought  o 
suicide,  I  never  once  had  really  a  notion  of  it.     I 
don't   know  how  to   tell  it,   but   I    felt  stupified 
it  much  as  miserable.     I  felt  I  could  do  no 
Perhaps   I   shouldn't  have  had  power  ol 
mind  to  drown  myself  if  I'd  made  up  my  resolu 
lion;    besides,    it's   a    dreadful    wickedness.       ] 
always   liked    reading,   and,  before    I    was    fairly 
:    out,  used   to  read  at  home,  at  shop  win 
dows.  and  at   book-stalls,   as  long  as  I  dared,  but 
.  when   I  was  starving,    I  couldn't   fix  my 
mind  to  read  anyhow.     One  night  I  met  a  Wa's'il 
friend,  and  he  took  me  to  his  inn,  and  gave  me  a 
good  beef-steak  supper  and  some  beer,  and  he  got 
me  a  nice  clean  bed  in  the  house.     In  the  morn- 
ing he  gave  me  what  did  me  most  good  of  all,  a 
good  new  shirt,  and  55.     I  got  work   two   days 
after,  and  kept  it  near  five  years,  with  four  mas- 
ters, and   married  and   saved  121.     We   had  no 
familv   to   live,    and   my  poor   wife    flied  in   the 
cholera  in  184'J,  and  I  buried  her  decently,  thank 
(iod,  for  she  was  a  good  soul.     When  I  thought 
the  cholera  was  gone,  I  had  it  myself,  and  was  ill 
long,  and  lost  my  work,  and  hiid  the  same  suffer- 
ings as  before,  and  was  without  soles  to  my  shoes 
or  a  shirt  to  my  back,  'till  a  gentleman  I  'd  worked 
for  lent  me   I/.,  and  then  I  went   into  this  trade, 
and  pulled  up  a  little.     In  six   weeks  I  paid  15s. 
>iebt,  and  had  my  own  time  for  the  remain- 
ing 5s.     Now  I  get  an  odd  job  with  my  master 
sometimes,    and    at   others   sell    my    collars,  ;md 
;igs,  and  locks,   and   such   like. 
I  'm  ashamed  of  the  dog-collar  locks  ;   I  can  buy 
them   .v  .  <  n,  or  la.  Gc/.  a  gross  ;  they  're 

•  tii.-h.     In  two  or  three  weeks  son. 
:  o  hasp  is  worn  through,  just  by  the  rattling 
clhir,  and  the  lock  falls  off.      I  m.tk- 
ay  and  another,  about  10*.  a  week.     My 
lodging  '»  2*.  a  week  for  a  bed-room — it  'a  I 

r  my  fnrniti  '.      God's  good,  and 

^    yet.      I  have  M 

regular  woik  i»  40s. 

I  do  best  with   my  collars  aboui  tin-  dock*.      I  'in 
why." 

;  the  street-sellers  of  dog- 
collars  sell  on  the  average  a  dozen  a  week,  at  a 
medium    receipt   of  12*.    ("sonv-timrs  20*.,   and 
nes  *'>.>."),  though  some  will  sell  three  and 

/••n  collars  in  the  week, 
dog-collar  nell.-r  will  undertake  to  get  a  n.-c 
graved  upon  it  at  1  c  goods  are  bought 

at  a  swag-shop,  or  an  establishment  carried  on  in 
the  same  way.   The  retailer's  ]<:  r  cent. 


Reckoning  12s.  weekly  taken  by  twelve  men, 
we  find  374^.  expended  yearly  in  the  streets  in 
dog-collars. 

OF  THE  LIFE  OF  A  STREET-SELLER  OP  DOG- 
COLLARS. 

FROM  the  well-known  vendor  of  these  articles 
whose  portrait  was  given  in  No.  10  of  this  work, 
I  had  the  following  sketch  of  his  history: — 

"  I  was   born   in  Brewer-.-treet,  St.  James,"  he 
said,  in  answer  to  my  questions  ;  "  I  am  73  years 
of  age.      My  father  and  mother  were  poor  people  ; 
I  never  went  to  school  ;  my  father  died  while  I 
was  young  ;  my  mother  used  to  go  out  charing  : 
she  couldn't  afford   to  pay  for  schooling,  and  told 
me,  I  must  look   out  and  yearn  my  own  living 
while  I  was  a  mere  chick.     At  ten   years  of  age 
I  went  to  sea  in   the  merchant  sarvice.     While 
I    was    in    the    merchant    sarvice,    I    could    get 
good  wages,  for  I  soon  knowed  my  duty.,    I  was 
always  of  an  industrious  turn,  and  never  liked  to 
be   idle ;  don't  you   see   what   I  mean.      In   '1)7 
I  was  pressed  on  board  the  INCONSTANT  frigate; 
I  was  paid  off  six  months  arterwards,  but  hadn't 
much  to  tike,  and  that,  like  all  other  young  men 
who  hadn't  l.irned  the  dodges  of  life,  I  spent  very- 
soon  ;  but  I  never  got  drunk — thank  God  !"  said 
the  old  man,  "  I  never  got  drunk,  or  I  shouldn't 
ha  been  what  I  am  now  at  73  years  of  age.      I  was 
drafted  into  the  Woolwich  44-gun  ship  ;  from  her  to 
the  OVEUISAL."     I  inquired  how  the  name  of  the 
ship  was  spell ;  "  Oh  1  am  not  scholard  enough  for 
that  there,"   he  replied,   "  tho'  I  did  larn  to    read 
ind  write  when  abord  a  man  of  war.    I  lamed  my- 
self.    But  you  must  look  into  a  /W//  dictionary, 
'or  it's  a  Dutch   name.     I  then  entered  on  board 
the  AMPHINE  fiipate,  and  alter  I  had  sarved  some 
nonths   in   her,   I   entered    the  merchant   sarvice 
igain,  and  arter  that  I  went  to  Greenland   to  the 
whale-fibhery — they  calls  me  here  in  the  college" 
[he   is   now   an    inmate   of   Gre.  mvich    Hospital) 
'  '  Whaler  Ikn'  but  I  urnt  affronted — most  on  'em 
lere    have    nicknames.        I    went    three    v. 
besides  to  the  West  Ingees.      I    never  got   drunk 
even   there,  though  I  was  obliged   to   drink   nan  ; 
t  wouldn't  ha  done  to  ha  drunk  the  water  NKAT, 
here  was  so  many  insects  in  it.  When  my  Bailor's 
ife  was  over  I  comes  to  Liverpool   and   marries  a 
wife — aye  and  as  good  a  wife  as  any  poor  man 
•ver  had  in  Kn-Jand.      1  had  saved   a  goodi»h  bit 
'  money,  nearly  ".OO/..  for  I  was  not  • 
ome  of    the  poor  sailor.-,  who  yearns   their  money 
ike  horses  and  spends  it  like  asses,  I  .-ay.      \\Y.l 
we  sets  up  a  shop — a  chandler  ^iop-    in  Liverpool : 
ne  and   mv  oid  'ooinan   doe.t  ;   and    1  ;I!MI   entered 
nto  the  piy-dealintt   line.      I  n-ed    to    yet   some   of 
y  pigs  from   Ireland,  and  some  I  used   t.)  hie.  d 

but  I  was    very   muloi tnnaic.      'i 
ollect  the  year  when  the  disease  was  among  the 
attle,  inconr.se  yon  i  ;    ,,t;  well,  Mr,  I  lost 

4    pigs   and    a    hone    in    one    year,    and    that 
was  a  good  loss  for  a  poor  man,  uer'n'l  it?     I 
nought  it  wciry  hard,   for   I  d  winked    hard  for 
iv  moi  :d  I  was  al"  ireful, 

rter  1  kimwed  what  life  wa«.      My  poor  wii. 
u»ed  to  tiuit  a  good  deal  in  the  shop  and  b\  -and- 


898 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


by,  behold  you,  me  and  my  old  'ooman  was  on  our 
beam  ends.  My  wife  was  took  ill  too— and,  for 
the  purpose  of  getting  the  best  adwice,  I  brings 
her  to  London,  but  her  cable  had  run  out,  and  she 
died,  and  I  've  been  a  poor  forlorned  crcatur'  ever 
since.  You  wouldn't  think  it,  but  arter  that  I  never 
slept  on  a  bed  for  seven  years.  I  had  blankets 
and  my  clothes — but  what  I  means  is  that  I  never 
had  a  bed  to  lie  on.  I  sold  most  of  my  bits  o' 
things  to  bury,  my  wife.  I  didn't  relish  applying 
to  the  parish.  I  kept  a  few  sticks  tho',  for  I  don't 
like  them  ere  lodging-houses.  I  can't  be  a  werry 
bad  kerackter,  for  I  was  seven  years  under  one 
landlord,  and  I  warrant  me  if  I  w&nted  a  room 
agin  he  would  let  me  have  one.  Arter  my  wife 
died,  knowing  some'at  about  ropes  I  gets  work  at 
Maberley's,  the  great  contractors — in  course  you 
knows  him.  I  made  rope  traces  for  the  artillery  ; 
there's  a  good  deal  of  leather- work  about  the  traces, 
and  stitching  them,  you  see,  puts  me  up  to  the 
making  of  dogs'-collars.  I  was  always  handy  with 
my  fingers,  and  can  make  shoes  or  anythink.  I 
can  work  now  as  well  as  ever  I  could  in  my  life, 
only  my  eyes  isn't  so  good.  Ain't  it  curious  now, 
sir,  that  wot  a  man  larns  in  his  fingers  he  never 
forgets  ?  Well  being  out  o'  work,  I  was  knocking 
about  for  some  time,  and  then  I  was  ail  wised  to 
apply  for  a  board  to  carry  at  one  of  them  cheap 
tailors,  but  I  didn't  get  none ;  so  I  takes  to  hawk- 
ing link  buttons  and  key  rings,  and  buys  some 
brass  dog-collars  ;  it  was  them  brass  collars  as 
made  me  bethought  myself  as  I  could  mak 
leather  ones.  Altho'  I  had  been  better  oil'  I 
didn't  think  it  any  disgrace  to  get  a  honest  living. 
The  leather  collars  is  harder  to  make  than  the  brass 
ones,  only  the  brass  ones  wants  more  implements. 
There  are  about  a  dozen  selling  in  the  streets 
as  makes  brass-collars — there's  not  much  profit  on 
the  brass  ones.  People  says  there  'a  nothing 
like  leather,  and  I  thinks  they  are  right.  Well, 
sir,  as  I  was  a  telling  you,  I  commences  the 
leather-collar  making, — in  course  I  didn't  make 
'em  as  well  at  first  as  I  do  now.  It  was  werrv 
hard  lines  at  the  best  of  times.  I  used  to  get 
up  at  4  o'clock  in  the  morning  in  the  summer 
time,  and  make  my  collars  ;  then  I  'd  turn  out 
about  9,  and  keep  out  until  7  or  8  at  night.  I 
seldom  took  more  than  '2.'.  per  day.  What  profit 
did  I  get  out  of  2s.  ?  Why,  lor'  bless  you,  sir  ! 
if  I  hadn't  made  them  myself,  I  shouliii. 
got  no  profit  at  all.  But  as  it  was,  if  I  took  '2.*., 
the  profits  was  from  Is.  to  Is.  6d. ;  how?' 
sometimes  I  didn't  take  6d.  Wet  davs  too  used 
to  run  me  aground  altogether;  my  rheumatics 
used  to  bore  me  always  when  the  rain  come  down, 
and  then  I  couldn't  gc't  out  to  sell.  If  I  'd  any 
leather  at  them  times  I  used  to  make  it  up  ;  but 
if  I  hadn't  none,  why  I  was  obligated  to  make 
the  best  on  it.  Oh,  sir  !  you  little  knows  what 
I  've  suffered ;  many  a  banyan  day  I  've  had  in 
my  little  room — upon  a  wet  day — aye,  and  other 
days  too.  Why,  I  think  l''d  a  starved  if  it 
hadn't  a  been  for  the  'bus-men  about  Hun_ 
market.  They  are  good  lads  them  there  'bus 
lads  to  such  as  me  ;  they  used  to  buy  my  collars 
when  they  didn't  want  them.  Ask  any  on.  'em 


if  they  know  anything  about  old  Tom,  the  collar- 
makerv  and  sec  it'  they  don't  flare  up  and  ; 
n;e.  They  used  sometimes  to  raffle  my  collars 
and  give  'em  back  to  me.  Mr.  Longstaff  too, 
the  landlord  of  the  Hungerford  Arms — I  believe 
it's  called  the  II ungerford  Hotel — has  given  me 
something  to  eat  very  often  when  I  was  hungry, 
and  had  nothing  myself.  There  's  what  you  call 
a  hor'nary  there  every  day.  You  knows  what  I 
mean — gentlemen  has  their  grub  there  at  RO  much  a 
head,  or  so  much  a  belly  it  should  be,  I  says.  I 
used  to  come  in  for  the  scraps,  and  werry  thankful 
I  was  for  them  I  can  assure  you.  Yes,  ..Mr. 
Longstait' is  what  you  may  call  a  good  man.  lie's 
what  you  calls  a  odd  man,  and  a  odd  man  's 
always  a  good  man.  All  I  got  to  . 
bless  him  ! '  he  's  fed  me  many  time  when  I  've 
been  hungry.  I  used  to  light  upon  other  i 
too, — landlords  of  public-houses,  where  I  used  to 
hawk  my  collars  ;  they  seemed  to  take  to  m<- 
how;  it  wer'n't  for  what  I  spent  in  their  houses 
I'm  sure,  seeing  as  how  I'd  nothing  to  spend.  I 
had  no  pension  for  my  sarvice,  and  so  I  was 

1  to  apply  for  admission  to  'the  house  here' 
(<in-.-nwich  Hospital).    I  goes  to  Somerset-House.  ; 
another  poor  fellow  was  making  a  application  at 
the   same    time ;    but    I  didn't  nothing    till   one 
very  cold  day,  when  I  was  standing  quite  miser- 
able like  with  my  collars.     I  'd  been  out 
hours  and  hadn't  taken  a  penny,  when  up 
the  man  as  wanted  to  get  into  the  house,  running 
with  all  his  might  to  me.  I  thought  ho  wa> 
to  tell   me   he  had   got  into  the  house,  ami 
glad  on  it,  for,  poor  fellow,  he  was  werry  bad  oft  ; 
howsomever  he  says  to  me,  '  Tom,'  says  he. 

you   at    the    Admirality.'     'l3oes    : 
says  I,  and  'cordingly  away   I  goes  ;  and  arter 
telling  the  admiral  jnv  sarvice,  and 
good  many  questions  as  he  put  to  me,  the  admiral 

ys  he.  '  The  order  will  be  made  out ;  you 

•   into  the    house.'      I   think   the   admiral 
knowed  me  or  somethink  about  me,  you  . 
don't  know  his  name,  and  it  would'nt  ha'  <i 
have  axed.      God  bless  him,  whoever  he  is,  i 
and  shall  say  to   my  dying  day ;  it  seemed   like 
Providence.     I  hadn't  taken  a  ha'penny  all  that 
day  ;  I  was  cold  and  hungry,  and  bi, 
pain    from   my  rheumatics.      Than:, 
claimed  the  old  man  in  conclusion,  "  I  am  quite 
comfortable  now.     I've  everythink  I  wan; 
a  little  more  tea  and  shuggar,  but  I  'm  quite  con- 
tent, and  thank  God  for  all  his  mei\ 

The  old  man  informed  me  moreover  that  he  did 
not  think  there  were  more  than  half-a-dozei; 
sellers  besides  himself  who  made  Jr.. 
it  was  a  poor  trade,  he  said,  and  thoi._ 
makers  were  •  .1  he  was,  IK- 

them  all  at  stitching."     EC   did  not 
told  me,  that  any  oi   the   collar-sellc: 
than  he  did — if  as  many— for  he  had  friends  that 
perhaps  other  men  had  not.     He  makes  ; 
now  sometimes,  and  wishes  he   could   get 
shopkeeper  to  soil  them  for  him,  and  ; 

S  he   could   obtain  a   lit! 

.<•  is  in  great  distress,  and  whom  he  h 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


399 


in  the  habit  of  assisting  for  many  years,  notwith- 
standing his  poverty.     The  old  man,  during  the 
of    his   troubles,    was   affected    to    tears 
several  times — especially  when   he  spoke   of    his 
ind   the  distress  he    had    undergone — and 
with  much   sincerity  blessed  (jod  for  the  comforts 
that  he  no\v  enjoys. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  TOOLS. 
people  are  of  the  same  class  as  the  sellers 
of  hardware  articles,  though  so  far  a  distinct  body 
that  they  generally  sell  tools  only. 

The  tools  are  of  the  commonest  kind,  and  sup- 
plied by  the  cheapest  s\vag-shops,  from  which  es- 
tablishments   the    majority  of  the    street-traders 
derive  their  supplies.     They  are  sometimes   dis- 
on  a  small  barrow,   sometimes  on  a  stall, 

The   articles    sold  and   the   price   asked — and 
;  lined,  as  no  extravagant  profit  is  de- 
manded— is  shown  by  the  following  : — 

•;   hammers,  (JJ.       Large  claw,  black  and 
..ced,   Is.       Pincers,    4t/. ;  larger  ones,   tid. 
to  Is.  !    Flat-nose  pliers, 
irpenters'  oil- 
cans, from  9tZ.  to  1*.  Zd.       Nests  of  brad-awls  (for 
joiners,  and  in  wooden  cases),  6d.  to   2s.     Back 

.  to  Is.  6d. 

While  many  of  the  street-sellers  of  tools  tra- 
vel the  several  thoroughfares  and  suburbs  of 
the  metropolis,  others  vend  tools  of  a  particular 
kind  in  particular  localities.  These  localities  and 
sellers  mav  be  divided  into  four  distinct  classes : — 
16  street-sellers  of  tools  in  the  markets;  (2) 
The  street-sellers  of  tools  at  the  docks  an 
houses;  (3)  The  street-sellers  of  tools  at  mews, 

-ters';  and  (4)  Th< 
l  to  working  men  at  their  workshops. 
The  markets  which  are  usually  frequented  by 
the  vendors  of  tools  are  '  i "iihail. 

There  an-,  I  am  :i:: 
sellers  who  .. 
the  busy  days.     T 
are   butchers'  saw-  steels,    meat 

these  saws  they  sell  ir 
each;  knives  and  steels,  from  : 
cleaver-  : '.-honks 

by  the 

cany  about.     I    . 

ni.v.  -.._••'      .'.'••.•••.•.:."•.:  '.:i/  ch  .•:!•.  :  ,  ::..-   mtclier* 

tool-tellers  are   not  occupied  at  t!u-  m.trk<- 

• 

access.     "  [l 
said  one  of  the  hawkers  to  me;  "  somettn 


that  the  .  ft    '•:    ;•    rt; 


5*.  or 


10s.  usually  constitutes  the  amount  of  capital  in- 
vested in  stock,  and  the  average  takings  of  each 
are  about  2s.  or  I-,-.  tV.  a  day. 

'•  A  dozen  years  back  twenty  such  men  offered 
saws  at  my  shop,"  said  a  butcher  in  a  northern 
suburb  to  me;  "now  there's  only  one,  and  he 
seems  half-starving,  poor  fellow,  and  looks  very 
hungrily  at  the  meat.  Perhaps  it's  a  wav  he's 
got  to  have  a  bit  given  him.  as  it  is  sometimes." 

The  only  street-seller  of  tools  at  present  fre- 
quenting Billingsgate-market  is  an  elderly  man, 
who  is  by  trade  a  working  cutler.  The  articles 
he  displays  upon  his  tray  are  oyster-knives,  fish- 
knives,  steels,  scissors,  packing-needles,  and  ham- 
mers. This  tradesman  makes  his  own  oyster- 
knives  and  fish-knives;  the  scissors  and  hammers 
are  second-hand  :  and  the  packing-needles  an; 
bought  at  the  ironmongers.  Sometimes  brad-awls, 
gimlets,  nails,  and  screws  form  a  part  of  his 
stock.  He  informed  me  that  he  had  frequented 
Billingsgate-market  upwards  of  ten  years.  •'  Wet 
or  dry,''  he  said,  "  I  am  here,  and  I  often  suffer 
from  rheumatics  in  the  head  and  limbs.  Some- 
times I  have  taken  only  a  few  pence ;  on  other 
occasions  I  have  taken  3a.  or  4s.,  but  this  is  not 
very  often,  llowever,  what  with  the  little  I  take 
at  Billingsgate,  and  at  other  places,  I  can  just  get 
a  crust,  and  go  on  from  day  to  day." 

The  itinerant  saw-sellers  offer  their  goods  to  any 
one  in  the  street  as  well  as  at  the  shops,  and  an; 
at  the  street  markets  on  Saturday  evenings  with 
small  saws  for  use  in  cookery.    AVith  the  butchers 
iii-rally  barter  rather  than  sell,  taking  any 
old  saw  in  exchange  with    so  much  money.  i'< T  a 
new  one.     "  I  was    brought   up  a  butcher,"  said 
one  of  these  saw-sellers,  ''and  worked  as  a  journey- 
man, off  and  on.  between  twenty  and  thiri;. 
But  I  grew  werry  delicate  from  rheumatic'. 
•  >nman  was   had   too,  so  that  we  oi.< 
to  go  into  M..:  rk  'us.     I  had  no 

livinir,  perhaps  they're  better  as   it  is.      Y, 

•li'ter   a    time,  an<! 

us  5s.  I  then  thought  I  "d  trv  and  sell  a  lew  saws 
and  things.  r  that  \s  i 

friend  to  HK»,  lent  me   another  . 

'•hers  to  put  me 

:r    I  11  not   deny,  and    I 

can't    <:  . — when    you    tell    nu> 

Mr.  —  that  there  's  'elp* 

old  saws  or  i- 
from    M 

: 

there's  the  'clps,  and   then  I  gets  ] 


400 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


grub  every  Saturday.  It  's  no  use  grumbling  ; 
lots  isn't  grubbed  'arf  so  well  as  me  and  my  old 
'ooman.  My  rent 's  20d.  a  week." 

The  articles  vended  by  the  second  class  of  the 
street-sellers  of  tools,  or  those  whose  purchasers 
are  mostly  connected  with  the  docks  and  ware- 
houses, consist  of  iron-handled  claw-hammers, 
spanners,  bed-keys,  and  corkscrews.  Of  these 
street-traders  there  sire  ten  or  twelve,  and  the 
greater  portion  of  them  are  blacksmiths  out  of 
employ.  Some  make  their  own  hammers,  whereas 
others  purchase  the  articles  they  vend  at  the 
swag-shops.  "  We  sell  more  hammers  and  bed- 
keys  than  other  things,"  said  one,  "  and  some- 
times we  sells  a  corkscrew  to  the  landlord  of  a 
public-house,  and  then  we  have  perhaps  half-a- 
pint  of  beer.  Our  principal  customers  for  span- 
ners are  wheelwrights.  Those  for  hammers  are 
egg- merchants,  oilmen,  wax  and  tallow-chandlers, 
and  other  tradesmen  who  receive  or  send  out 
goods  in  wooden  cases ;  as  well  as  chance  cus- 
tomers in  the  streets."  Th«  amount  of  capital 
required  to  start  in  the  line  is  from  5s.  to  15.*.:  "it 
is  not  much  use,"  said  one,  "  to  go  to  shop  with 
less  than  10s." 

A  third  class  of  the  street-sellers  of  tools  are 
the  vendors  of  curry-combs  and  brushes,  m.me- 
combs, .  scrapers,  and  clipping  instruments;  and 
these  articles  are  usually  sold  at  the  several  mews, 
stable-yards,  and  jobbing-master?,'  in  and  about  the 
metropolis.  The  sellers  are  mostly  broken-down 
grooms,  who,  not  being  able  to  obtain  a  situation, 
resort  to  street-selling  as  a  last  shift.  "  It  is  the 
last  coach,  when  a  man  takes  to  this  kind  of 
living,"  said  one  of  my  informants,  a  groom  in  a 
"good  place;"  "and  it's  getting  worse  and  worse. 
The  poor  fellows  look  halt' starved.  \Vhy,  what 
do  you  think  I  gave  for  these  scissors!  I  got  'em 
for  6(/.  and  a  pint  of  beer,  and  I  should  have  to 
give  perhaps  half-a  crown  tor 'em  at  a  shop."  The 
trade  is  fast  declining,  and  to  gentlemen's  carriage 
•mews  the  street-sellers  of  such  tools  rarely  resort, 
as  the  instruments  required  for  stable-use  are  now 
bought,  by  the  coachmen,  of  the  tradesmen  who 
supply  their  masters.  At  the  "mixed  mews,"  as 
I  heard  them  called,  there  are  two  men  who,  along 
with  razors,  knives,  and  other  things,  occasionally 
offer  "clipping"  and  '•  trimming"  scissors.  Four 
or  five  years  ago  there  were  four  of  these  street- 
sellers.  The  trimming-scissors  are,  in  the  shops, 
Is.  6d.  to  2s.  Qd.  a  pair.  There  is  one  trade  still 
carried  on  in  these  places,  although  it  is  diminutive 
•compared  to  what  it  was :  I  allude  to  the  sale  of 
*urry  combs.  Those  vended  by  street-sellers  at  the 
mews  are  sold  at  Id.  or  Grf.  The  best  sale  for  these 
currycombs  is  about  Covemn -street  and  the  Hay- 
Kiarket,  and  at  the  livery-stables  generally.  Along 
with  curry-combs,  the  street-vendors  sell  wash- 
leathers,  mane-combs  (horn),  sponges  (which  were 
like  dried  moss  for  awhile,  I  was  told,  pot  up  by 
the  Jews,  but  which  are  now  good),  dandy-brushes 
(whalebone-brushes,  to  scrape  dirt  from  "a  horse's 
legs,  before  he  is  groomed),  spoke-brushes  (to  clean 
carriage-wheels),  and  coach-mops.  One  dweller  in 
a  large  West-end  mews  computed  that  100  differ- 
ent street-traders  resorted  thither  daily,  and  that 


twenty  sold  the  articles  I  have  specified.  In  this 
trade,  I  am  assured,  there  are  no  broken-down 
coachmen  or  grooms,  only  the  regular  street-sellers. 
A  commoner  curry-comb  is  sold  at  2cZ.  (prime  cost 
Is.  3cf.  a  dozen),  at  Smithfield,  on  market-days, 
and  to  the  carmen,  and  the  owners  of  the  rougher 
sort  of  horses  ;  but  this  trade  is  not  extensive. 

There  may  be  ten  men,  I  am  told,  selling  com- 
mon "currys;"  and  they  also  sell  other  articles 
(often  horse  oil-cloths  and  nose-bags)  along  with 
them. 

The  last  class  of  street-sellers  is  the  beaten-out 
mechanic  or  workman,  who,  through  blindness,  age, 
or  infirmities,  is  driven  to  obtain  a  livelihood  by 
supplying  his  particular  craft  with  their  various 
implements.  Of  this  class,  as  I  have  before  stated, 
there  are  six  men  in  London  who  were  brought  up 
a<  tailors,  but  are  now,  through  some  affliction  or 
privation,  incapacitated  from  following  their  calling. 
These  men  sell  needles  at  four  and  five  for  Id.; 
thimbles  Id.  to  2d.  each;  scissors  from  la.  to 
2s.  6d. ;  and  wax  Id.  the  lump.  There  are  also 
old  and  blind  shoemakers,  who  M-ll  a  few  articles 
of  grindery  to  their  shopmates,  as  they  term  them, 
as  well  as  a  few  decayed  members  of  other  trades, 
hawking  the  implements  of  the  handicraft  to 
which  they  formerly  belonged.  But  as  I  have 
already  given  a  long  account  of  one  of  this  cla?s, 
under  the  head  of  the  blind  needle-seller,  there  is 
no  occasion  for  me  to  speak  further  on  the  subject. 

From  one  of  the  street-traders  in  saws  I  had  the 
following  account  of  his  similes,  as  well  as  the 
benefit  he  received  from  teetouilism,  of  which  he 
spoke  very  warmly.  His  room  was  on  the  fourth 
floor  of  a  house  in  a  court  near  Holborn,  and  was 
nd  comfortable-looking.  There  were  good- 
sized  pictures,  in  frames,  of  the  Queen,  the  Last  Sup- 
per, and  a  Ilnr.il  Scene,  besides  minor  pictures  : 
some  of  these  had  been  received  in  exchange  for 
saws  with  street- picture-sellers.  A  shelf  was 
covered  with  china  ornaments,  sucli  as  are  sold  in 
the  streets;  the  table  had  its  oil  skin  cover,  and 
altogether  I  have  seldom  seen  a  more  decent  room. 
The  rent,  un furnished,  was  2s.  a  week. 

'•  I  've  been  eight  years  in  this  trade,  sir,"  the 
saw-seller  said,  "  but  I  was  brought  up  to  a  very 
different  one.  "When  a  lad  I  worked  in  a  coal-pit 
along  with  my  father,  but  his  behaviour  to  me  was 
so  cruel,  he  beat  me  so,  that  I  ran  away,  and 
walked  every  step  from  the  north  of  England  to 
London.  I  can't  say  I  ever  repented  running 
away — much  as  I've  gone  through.  My  money 
was  soon  gone  when  I  got  to  London,  and  my 
way  of  speaking  was  laughed  at.  [He  had  now 
very  little  of  a  provincial  accent.]  That's  fourteen 
year  back.  Why,  indeed,  sir,  it  puzzles  me  to 
tell  you  how  I  lived  then  when  I  did  live.  I 
jobbed  about  the  markets,  and  slept,  when  I  could 
pay  for  a  lodging,  at  the  cheap  lodging-houses;  so 
I  got  into  the  way  of  selling  a  few  things  in  the 
str-ets,  as  I  saw  others  do.  I  sold  laces  and 
children's  handkerchiefs.  Sometimes  I  was  miser- 
able enough  when  I  hadn't  a  farthing,  and  if  I 
managed  to  make  a  sixpence  I  got  tipsy  on  it.  For 
six  weeks  I  slept  every  night  in  the  Peckham 
Union.  For  another  five  or  six  weeks  I  slept  every 


LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


401 


mi;  STBEBT-BBLLMB  <>r 


26 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


403 


night  in  the  dark  arches  by  the  Strand.  I  've 
sometimes  had  twenty  or  thirty  companions  there. 
I  use4  to  lie  down  on  the  bare  stones,  and  was 
asleep  in  a  minute,  and  slept  like  a  top  all  night, 
but  waking  was  \ery  bad.  I  felt  stiff,  and  sore, 
and  cold,  and  miserable.  How  I  lived  at  all  is  a 
wonder  to  me.  About  eleven  years  ago  I  was  per- 
suaded to  go  to  a  Temperance  Meeting  in  Harp 
Alley  ^Farringdon-street),  and  there  I  signed  the 
pledge;  that  is,  I  made  my  mark,  for  I  can't  read 
or  write,  which  has  been  a  great  hinder  to  me.  If 
I  'd  been  a  scholard  a  teetotal  gent  would  have 
got  me  into  the  police  three  years  ago,  about  the 
time  I  got  married.  I  tlid  better,  of  course, 
when  I  was  a  teetotaller — no  more  dark  arches. 
I  sold  a  few  little  shawls  in  the  streets 
then,  but  it  was  hardly  bread  and  butter  and 
coffea  at  times.  Eight  year  ago  I  thought  I 
would  try  saw-selling :  a  shopkeeper  advised  me, 
and  I  begun  on  six  salt  saws,  which  I  sold  to  oil- 
men. They  're  for  cutting  salt  only,  and  are  made 
of  zinc,  as  steel  would  rust  and  dirty  the  salt. 
The  trade  was  far  better  at  first  than  it  is  now. 
In  good  weeks  I  earned  16*.  to  18s.  In  bad 
weeks  10s.  or  12s.  Now  I  may  earn  10s.,  not 
more,  a  week,  pretty  regular  :  yesterday  I  made 
only  6d.  Oilmen  are  better  customers  than  chance 
street-buyers,  for  I  'm  known  to  them.  There  's 
only  one  man  besides  myself  selling  nothing 
but  saws.  I  walk,  I  believe,.  100  miles  every 
week,  and  that  I  couldn't  do,  I  know,  if  I  wasn't 
teetotal.  I  never  long  for  a  taste  of  liquor  if 
I  *m  ever  so  cold  or  tired.  It 's  all  poisonous." 

The  saws  sold  are  8  >nch,  which  cost  at  the 
swag-shops  8*.  and  8s.  6d.  a  dozen ;  10  inch,  9s. 
and  9s.  M.J  and  so  on,  the  price  advancing  ac- 
cording to  the  increased  size,  to  18  inch,  13s.  6d. 
the  dozen.  Larger  sizes  are  seldom  sold  in  the 
.  The  second  man's  earnings,  my  informant 
1,  were  the  same  as  his  own. 

The  wife  of  my  informant,  when  she  got  work 
as  an  embroideress,  could  earn  11s.  and  12s.  At 
present  she  was  at  work  braiding  dresses  for  a 
dressmaker,  at  '2^d.  each.  By  hard  work,  and  if 
•he  had  not  her  baby  to  attend  to,  she  could  earn  no 
more  than  1\d.  a  day.  As  it  was  she  did  not  earn  Qd. 

IT-SELLERS. 

UNDER  this  head  I  include  only  such  of  the  beg- 
gar street-sellers  as  an*  neither  infirm  nor  suffering 
•••lily  affliction  or  privation.      I 

•-.I  —the  blind — ti 

and  th  jiretend  to  sell  small  articles  in 

•  t — such  as  boot-laces,  tracts,  cab  ha. 

that  such  matters  are  carried  by  them  partly  • 
dear  of  the  law,  and  partly  to  evince  a  disposition 
to  the  public  • 

-••  being  really  ob- 
jects of  charitv.  they  belong  more  properl 

,  h  the 

work,  and  their  several 
means  of  living,  will  l.e  tr.-at. 

Such,    though  beggars,    are  not  "lurk* 
l-<-;n.r  »tr ;«  ;  v>  loiters  at 

••SAC  dishonett  purpose     Many  mod- 


an  well  as  begging  are  termed  "lurking" — the 
"«iead  lurk,"  for  instance,  is  the  expressive  slang 
pii.ase  for  the  art  of  entering  dwelling-houses 
during  divine  service.  The  term  "  lurk,"  however, 
is  mostly  applied  to  the  several  modes  of  plunder- 
ing by  representations  of  sham  distress. 

It  is  of  these  alone  that  I  purpose  here  treating 
— or  rather  of  that  portion  of  them  which  pretends 
to  deal  in  manufactured  articles. 

In  a  few  instances  the  street-sellers  of  small 
articles  of  utility  are  also  the  manufacturers. 
Many,  however,  say  they  are  the  producers  of  the 
things  they  offer  for  sale,  thinking  thus  to  evade 
the  necessity  of  having  a  hawker's  licence.  The 
majority  of  these  petty  dealers  know  little  of  the 
manufacture  of  the  goods  they  vend,  being  mere 
tradesmen.  Some  few  profess  to  be  the  makers  of 
their  commodities,  solely  with  the  view  of  enlist- 
ing sympathy,  and  thus  either  selling  the  trifles 
they  carry  at  an  enormous  profit,  or  else  of  ob- 
taining alms. 

An  inmate  of  one  of  the  low  lodging-houses  has 
supplied  me  with  the  following  statement  :- 
"  Within  my  recollection,"  says  my  informant, 
"  the  great  branch  of  trade  among  these  worthies, 
was  the  sale  of  sewing  cotton,  either  in  skeins  or 
on  reels.  In  the  former  case,  the  article  cost  the 
'lurkers'  about  8t/.  per  pound;  one  pound  would 
produce  thirty  skeins,  which,  sold  at  one  penny 
each,  or  two  for  three  halfpence,  produced  a  heavy 
profit.  The  lurkers  could  mostly  dispose  of  three 
pounds  per  day ;  the  article  was,  of  course,  dam- 
aged, rotten,  and  worthless. 

"  The  mode  of  sale  consisted  in  the  Markers'  call- 
ing at  the  several  houses  in  a  particular  district, 
and  representing  themselves  as  Manchester  cotton 
spinners  out  of  employ.  Long  tales,  of  course, 
were  told  of  the  distresses  of  the  operatives,  and  of 
the  oppression  of  their  employers  ;  these  tales  had 
for  the  most  part  been  taught  them  at  the  pad- 
ding-ken, by  some  old  and  experienced  dodger  of 
'  the  school ; '  and  if  the  spokesman  could  patter 
well,  a  much  larger  sum  was  frequently  obtained 
in  direct  alms  than  was  reaped  by  the  .sale." 

Cotton  on  reels  was — except  to  the  purchaser — 
a  still  better  speculation  ;  the  reels  were  large, 
handsomely  mounted,  and  displayed  in  bold  relief 
such  inscriptions  as  the  following:  — 

IMKK'S 
PATENT  COTTON. 

\RDB. 

The   reader,    however,    must    divide    the    "  120 

yards,"    here  mentioncil.  by   llJ.  and    then    lie    will 

at  aoaMthinf    I'k'1    the    t  as     to 

ntity  ;  for  the  surface  only  was  covered  by 

the    til! 

"The  'cotton  Lurk'  is  now  '  r.iopi-r'd  '   (wjrn 
out);  a  inure  common  tlod^e      and.  of  course,  only 
ng — i*  t,,  envelope  a  packet   of 
'  warrai  :  •••*,   or  a  few    inches  .: 

Holiitoll  laic'  ill  an  e|iveio|M-,  with  a  few  lilies  t'"> 
the  '  La  "r  a  printed  lull. 

ran,  .mil  the 

-        .nt'  tr 
presuni  m  answer  in  a  few  hours.     1 

t:,r-c  >lo<  unit* nts. 
••     D 


404 


LONDON  LAIHU'H  AM>  THE  LOXhON  POOR. 


THE  LAVE  MAKIUIX  APPEAL. 


1  It  is  with  extreme  regret  we  thus  presume  to 
trespass  on  your  time  and  attention,  we  are  Lace 
Makers  by  trade,  and  owing  to  the  extensive  im- 
provements in  Machinery,  it  has  made  hand  labour 
completely  useless. 

'  So  that  it  has  thrown  hundreds  of  honest  and 
industrious  men  out  of  employment,  your  peti- 
tioners are  among  the  number.  Fifteen  men  with 
their  families  have  left  their  homes  with  the  in- 
tention of  emigrating  to  South  Australia,  and  the 
only  means  we  have  of  supporting  ourselves  till 
we  can  get  away,  is  by  the  sale  of  some  Frame 
Thread  and  Traced  Lace  Collars  of  our  own  ma- 
nufacture, at  the  following  low  prices — Fashion- 
able Frame  Lace  Collars  3d.  each,  warranted  to 
wash  and  wear  well ;  Frame  Thread  Collars  6d. 
each.  Traced  Lace  Collars  Is.  each,  the  best  that 
can  be  made,  and  we  trust  we  shall  meet  with  that 
encouragement  from  the  Friends  of  Industry  which 
our  necessities  require. 

'  The  enclosed  two  6d. 

'The  patry  calling  for  this,  will  have  an  assort- 
ment of  the  Newest  Patterns  of  Frame  Thread 
Lace  and  Edgings  for  your  inspection,  and  the 
smallest  purchase  will  be  thankfully  received 
ami  gratefully  remembered  by  Q.  DAVIS,  Lace 
Makers. 

'We  beg  to  state  that  a  number  of  the  families 
being  destitute  of  clothing,  the  hearer  is  authorised 
to  receive  any  articles  of  such  in  exchange  for  Lace, 
Edgings  or  Collars. 


«  ALLEN,  Printer,  Long-row,  Nottingham." 

"  These  are  left  by  one  of  '  the  school '  at 
the  houses  of  the  gentry,  a  mark  being  placed 
on  the  door  post  of  such  as  are  'bone'  or 
'gammy,'  in  order  to  inform  the  rest  of  'the 
school'' where  to  call,  and  what  houses  to  avoid. 
As  the  needles  cost  but  a  few  pence  per  thousand, 
and  the  lace  less  than  one  halfpenny  per  yard — 
a  few  purchasers  of  the  former  at  1*.  per  packet 
(25  needles),  or  of  the  latter  at  2.v.  t></.  per  vaitl. 
is  what  these  'lurkeis'  term  a  'fair  day's  work  for 
a  fair  day's  wages.' 

''  Another  and  very  extensive  branch  of  the 
pseudo-'manufacturing '  fraternity  is  to  be  found 
among  the  sham  street-sellers  of  cutlery. 

"  At  some  of  the  least  respectable  of  the  swag- 
shops  may  be  bought  all  the  paraphernalia  requi- 
site in  order  to  set  up  as  the  real  manufacturer  of 
Sheffield  and  'Brummagem'  goods  —  including, 
beside  the  cutlery,  chamois-leather  aprons,  paper 
caps  (ready  crushed,  to  give  them  the  appearance 
of  age  and  usage),  and  last,  but  not  least,  a  com- 
pound of  black  lead  and  tallow,  to  '  take  the 
granny  '  off  them  as  has  white  'ands,  so  as  the  flat's 
shan't  'tumble'  to  the  'unworkmanlike  appear- 
ance of  the  palms  of  the  '  lurker.' 

"Thus  'got  up'  for  the  part,"  continues  my 
informant,  "  and  provided  with  a  case  of  razors, 
which  perhaps  has  cost  him  two  groats,  and  (if  he 
can  raise  as  much)  a  noggin  o'  rum  to  '  give  him 
cheek  '  and  make  him  '  speak  up '  to  his  victims — 


'Jack  Beaver,'  the  'king  of  the  street-cutlers,  will 
sally  forth,  and  meet,  intercept,  and  follow  any 
gentleman  who  seems  a  '  likely  spec,'  till  worried 
perhaps  by  importunity,  the  'swell '  buys  what  he 
does  not  want,  and,  I  need  scarcely  add,  what  he 
cannot  use.  Next,  in  importance,  to  '  Jack  Beaver,' 
is  the  notorious  '  Pat  Connor.'  Pat  '  does  nothing 
on  the  blob,'  that  is  to  say  (he  does  not  follow 
people  and  speak  to  them  on  the  streets).  His 
'  dodge ' — and  it  has  been  for  years  a  successful 
one — is  to  go  round  to  the  public  offices,  dressed 
as  before  described,  with  the  exception  of  being  in 
his  shirt  sleeves  (he  has  every  day  a  clean  shirt), 
and  teaze  the  clerks  till  they  purchase  a  pen-knife. 
He  has  been  known  to  sell  from  fifteen  to  twenty 
knives  in  one  day,  at  two  shillings  each,  the  first 
cost  being  about  threepence-halfpenny.  Of  course 
he  is  often  interrupted  by  porters  and  other 
officials,  but  he  always  carries  in  one  hand  a  roll 
of  wire,  and  a  small  hammer  in  the  other,  and 
having  got  the  name  of  some  gentleman  up  stairs, 
he  pretends  that  he  is  going  to  mend  Mr.  So-and- 
so's  bell.  This  worthy,  a  short  time  ago,  made 
in  the  Custom  House — with  a  timepiece, 
belonging  to  one  of  the  clerks,  for  which  the 
'Sheffield  manufacturer'  got  twelve  months  in 
Newgate.  I  have  not  seen  him  since,"  adds  my 
informant,  "and  therefore  imagine  that  he  is  now 
taking  a  provincial  tour.  " 

OF  THE  "  HOUSE  6F  LORDS,"  A  STREET-SELLER'S 

DEFUNCT  CLUB. 

I  HAVE  given  an  account  of  a  defunct  club,  of 
which  the  "paper  workers"  were  the  chief  mem- 
bers; and  I  have  now  to  do  the  same  of  a  society 
not  very  dissimilar  in  its  objects,  of  which  the 
street-sellers  of  manufactured  articles  constituted 
the  great  majority.  It  was  called  the  "house  of 

and  was  established  about  eight  y>  .< 
at  the  Roebuck  -tavern,  Holborn,  and  existed  three 
Its  object  was  to  relieve  its  members  in 
sickness.  The  subscription  was  2d.  a  week,  and 
the  relief  to  a  sick  member  was  as  many  pennies 
a  week  as  the  club  contained  members,  with,  in 
anv  pressing  case,  an  additional  halfpenny,  which 
the  members  paid  into  the  fund,  over  and  above 
their  weekly  subscription.  For  the  greater  part 
of  its  existence  the  club  contained  ninety  mem- 
bers (a  few  of  them  honorary),  and  there  were 
very  few  cases  of  "  declaring  on  the  fund  "  by 
sick  members.  At  one  period  for  many  weeks 
there  were  no  such  declarations,  and  the  "  house 
of  lords"  had  30£.  in  hand.  One  of  the  leading 
members,  a  very  intelligent  man,  who  had  "  a 
good  connection  in  hardware,"  had  takei. 
pains  to  prepare  a  code  of  rules,  which,  having 
been  approved  by  the  other  members,  it  was  con- 
sidered time  that  the  "house  of  lords"  should  be 
enrolled.  Delays,  h-wever,  intervened.  "  To  tell 
you  the  truth,  sir,"  one  of  them  «aid,  "  we  were 
afraid  to  employ  an  attorney,  and  thought  of  wait- 
ing upon  Mr.  Tidd  Pratt  ourselves,  but  it  wasn't 
to  be." 

The  club  was,  moreover,  looked  up"n  as  some- 
what select.  -    were  ad: 
wa>    told    by   a    hardware    seller    in    the    si 


X  LA  noun  AXJ>  Tin:  LOXDOX  POOR. 


405 


"not  but  wliat  there  's  many  very  industrious  and 

honest  men  amoni:  them,  but  they  're  in  a  different 

line,  and  are  a  different  sort  of  people  to  us."    The 

members  met  once  a  week,  and,  though  they  were 

merry    and    talkative    enough,    drunkenness    was 

strongly    discouraged.      It    was    common    for    the 

tiers  who  were  regarded  as  the  "geniuses" 

trade,  to  take  counsel  together,  and  "invent 

They  were  reputed  to  be  know- 

>ng  the  most  knowing,  in  all   street  arts 

and  dodges,  and  the  way  in  which  the  club  came 

nsidering  the  strong  claims  to  know- 

ss  of  its  members,  was  curious  enough. 

Saturday  evening  a  member  who  was  con- 
:   a   respectable   man.   and   was    sufficiently 
:    in   his  payment-,  appeared  at  the  weekly 
_',  introducing  his  landlord,  who,  as  a  non- 
member,  had  to  pav  ~\.d.  for  admission.     The  man 
told  how  his  family  had  suffered  from  illness,  and 
how  he  had  been  ill,  and  got  into  arrears  of  rent, 
'iid  not  like  to  distress  the  fund  ;  and  how 
:iord  was  then  in  possession  of  his  "sticks," 
which  must  be  sold  in  the  morning  if  he  could 
:   and,  moreover,  how  his  landlord — 
kind-hearted,  indulgent  man — was  forced 
to  do  this,  for  he  himself  was  in  difficulties.     The 
members  voted  that  the  15s.  should  bo  advanced  ; 
but   before   the  next  meeting  night   it  was  dis- 
1  that  the  statement  of  the  poor  member  in 
I    was    an    imposition.      The    landlord  was 
merely   a   confederate ;    the    worthy   couple    had 
been    drinking    together,    and,    to    prolong   their 
tippling,  had  hit  upon  the  roguish  scheme  I  have 

,ed. 

This,  among  other  things,  lowered  the  confidence 

of  the   members.     The  numbers  fell  off  until   it 

>nght  best  to  "  wind  up  the  concern."    The 

tiiids  in  hand  were  fairly  apportioned  among 

aining  members,  and  the  club  ceased  to 

exist. 

Another  Street-sellers'  Club  has  recently  been 
by  the  men  themselves,  of  which  the  follow- 
ing is  the  prospectus,  and  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  this 
on  the  part  of  the   street-folk   to  better 
•ndition  will  meet  with  a  better  fate   than 
its  predecessor : — 
Our   motfi  is   "To  live  honestly   by  daily   per- 

.   d  industry." 
hanifs,  Labourer t,  Hawiert,  $c. 

PROTECTION    ASSOCIATION, 

TIIK    LAMB    TAVERN, 

.v    rri;  NST1  i.r..    HOLBORN, 

ibove-naraed  classes  are  kindly  invited  to 
a  Meeting  con  ret  i« 

SOHDAY    KVKKINO  M 

succeeding   Sunday  Krening,  at  the 
iiouse,  to  car 

v    the    Enrolled     Member,    a:xl     tin- 

in    the 
advenit". 


COMMITTEE  : 


Mr.  Taylor,  Chairman,      Mr.  Thori>hy. 

—  Travers,  —  Do\\>.-. 

—  Cowan,  —  Manly, 

—  Moody,  —  Morris, 

—  Moore,  —  La  \\son, 

—  Hand,  —  Lamb, 

—  Martin. 

Mr.  J.  White,  Treasurer.     Mr.  F.  A.  Thoiv>l.y. 

Secretary. 

The  chair  will  be  taken  at  Seven  o'clock,  and 
the  Committee  are  requested  to  be  in  attendance 
one  hour  previous. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  CROCKERY  AND 

GLASS-WARES. 

WE  now  come  to  a  new  class  of  the  street- 
sellers  of  manufactured  articles — viz.,  the  "  crocks," 
as  they  are  termed.  I  have  before  alluded  to 
one  characteristic  of  these  traders  —  that  they 
all  strive  to  be  barterers  in  preference  to  sales- 
men. They  also  present  other  varying  qualities 
when  compared  with  other  classes  of  street- sellers. 
Of  these  "  crocks,"  there  are,  from  the  best  data  I 
could  obtain  from  men  in  the  trade,  and  from  the 
swag-shop  people  who  supply  them,  250  men  and 
150  women ;  of  these,  120  couples  (man  and 
woman)  "  work"  together;  of  the  remainder,  some- 
times two  men  work  in  unison,  and  some  women 
work  singly.  On  my  inquiring  of  one  of  these 
street  folk  if  ever  three  worked  together,  I  was 
told  that  such  was  never  the  case,  as  the  "crocks" 
would  quote  a  saying:  "Two's  good  company, 
three's  none  at  all."  Of  the  men  and  women 
carrying  on  this  traffic  conjointly  more  than  half 
are  married  ;  showing  a  difference  of  habits  to  the 
costermongers.  The  reason  assigned  to  me  by 
one  of  the  class  (himself  once  a  costermonger)  was 
that  the  interest  of  the  man  and  woman  in  the 
business  was  closer  than  in  costermongering,  while 
the  serviceableness  of  a  woman  helpmate  in  "  swop- 
ping," or  bartering,  was  much  greater.  This  prompts 
the  women,  I  am  told,  even  if  they  are  unmarried 
at  the  outset,  to  insist  upon  wedlock  ;  and  the  man 
— sometimes,  perhaps,  to  secure  a  valuable  '*  help." 
at  ethers,  it  may  he.  from  better  motives  c 
to  what  in  this  rank  of  life,  and  under  the  circum- 
stances of  such  street-traders,  is  more  frequently 
the  woman's  offer  than  the  man's.  The  trade,  in 
Btlt  form,  has  not  been  known  more  tii.in 
twelve  yean. 

The  grinds,  which   are  all   bought  at   the  i-nuk 

i  an  account  is  e.i\eii  below.  ;ire 

:n   baskets   <>n    tin-    head,    the   men    ha\ing 

pads  on  •  ps  \\hirh  they  wear — or  some- 

.  padding  of  hay   <>r   wool    inside   the   cap 
while    t  fa    their 

occasionally 

OH  the  ba-ket.      Tin-  goods,    though  ; 

f«.li  the   head   to  the  1-.  H.illic. 

nil,    nsii.-illy    bornii 

"ii    the 

re  them 

"  i.Kl\  niMili-i 
to  Spitallields  nmrkrU 


406 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  men  engaged  in  this  trade  are  usually 
strong,  robust,  and  red-faced.  Most  of  them  are 
above  the  middle  stature ;  very  few  are  beyond 
middle  age,  and  the  majority  of  them  are  under  or 
little  more  than  30.  The  women,  more  than  the 
men,  have  contracted  a  stoop  or  bend  to  one  side, 
aot  so  much  by  carrying  weights  on  the  head,  as 
by  carrying  them  on  the  arm.  The  weights  they 
carry  are  from  three  to  five  stone.  The  dress  of 
the  men  is  the  same  as  the  costermongers,  with  the 
exception  of  shooting-cut  jackets  being  more 
frequent  among  the  "  crocks"  than  the  costers,  and 
red  plush  waistcoats  are  very  popular  with  them. 
When  not  at  work,  or  on  Sundays — for  they  never 
work  on  the  Sabbath,  though  they  do  not  go  to 
church  or  chapel — these  men  are  hardly  ever  seen 
to  wear  a  hat.  Both  men  and  women  wear  strong 
boots  and,  unless  when  "  hard-up,"  silk  handker- 
chiefs. Their  places  of  residence  are,  as  regards  the 
majority,  in  Spitalfields,  Bethnal-green,  and  Shore- 
ditch.  Of  the  others  the  greater  portion  reside  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  Kent-street,  in  the  Borough. 
Their  abode  usually  consists  of  one  room,  which 
is  in  most  cases  more  comfortable,  and  better  fur- 
nished than  those  of  the  costers.  "  We  pick  up 
a  tidy  ornament  now  and  then,"  one  crock  s-aid, 
"  such  as  a  picture,  in  the  way  of  swop,  and  our 
good  women  likes  to  keep  them  at  home  for  a  bit 
of  show."  They  live  well,  in  general,  dining  out 
almost  every  day ;  and  I  am  told  that,  as  a  body, 
they  have  fewer  children  than  any  other  class  of 
street-folk. 

The  trade  is  almost  entirely  itinerant.  Crock- 
sellers  are  to  be  seen  at  street  markets  on  Saturday 
nights,  but  they  are  not  the  regular  crocks,  who, 
as  I  have  said,  do  not  care  to  sell.  The  crocks  go 
on  "  rounds,"  the  great  trade  being  in  the 
suburbs.  Sometimes  a  round  lasts  a  week,  the 
couple  resting  at  a  fresh  place  every  night.  Others 
have  a  round  for  each  day  of  the  week. 

The  long  rounds  are  to  Greenwich,  Woolwich, 
NorthHeet,  Gravesend,  Stroud,  Rochester,  Chat- 
ham, and  then  to  Maidstone.  Some  will  then 
make  Maidstone  the  head-quarters,  and  work  the 
neighbouring  villages— such  as  East  Farleigh, 
Town  Mailing,  Yalding,  Aylesford,  and  others. 
The  return  to  town  may  be  direct  by  railway,  or 
by  some  other  route,  if  any  stock  remains  unsold. 
On  these  long  rounds  the  higher  priced  goods  are 
generally  carried,  and  stock  is  forwarded  from 
London  to  the  "crock"  whilst  on  the  round,  if 
the  demand  require  it.  Another  long  round  is 
Vauxhall,  Wandsworth,  Kingston-on-Thames,  and 
Guildford,  with  divergings  to  the  villages.  The 
return  from  Guildford  is  often  by  Richmond,  Kew, 
&c.  A  third  long  round  is  Hampstead,  Kilburn, 
Barnet,  Watford,  and  so  on  to  St.  Alban's.  The 
other  long  rounds  are  less  frequented;  but  some 
go  to  Uxbridge;  others  to  Windsor  and  Eton,  and 
as  far  as  Reading;  others  to  Cambridge,  by  Tot- 
tenham, Edmonton,  Ware,  &c.  When  no  trade  is 
to  be  done  close  to  London,  the  "crocks"  often 
have  themselves  and  their  wares  conveyed  to  any 
town  by  rail.  The  short,  or  town  rounds,  are  the 
Dover  road,  New  Kent-road,  Walworth,  Camber- 
well,  and  back  by  Newington;  Kennington,  Brix- 


ton,  Clapham,  and  back  by  Vauxhall ;  Bayswater, 
Notting-hill,  and  back  by  Paddington;  "Camdeii 
Town,  St.  John's  Wood,  and  Hampstead;  Stoke. 
Newington,  Dalston,  Clapton,  Shacklewell,  and 
Stamford-hill;  Mile-end,  Stratford,  and  Bow; 
Limehouse,  Poplar,  and  back  by  the  Commercial- 
road.  It  would  be  easy  to  cite  other  routes,  but 
these  show  the  character  of  the  trade.  Some 
occupy  two  days.  A  few  crocks  "  work"  the 
poor  neighbourhoods,  such  as  Hoxton,  Kingsland- 
road,  parts  of  Hackney,  &c.,  and  cry,  "  Here  we 
are — now,  ladies,  bring  out  your  old  hats,  old 
clothes,  old  umbrellers,  old  any  think;  old  shoes, 
metal,  old  any  think;  here  we  are!" 

The  trade,  from  the  best  information  I  could 
acquire,  is  almost  equally  divided  into  what  may 
be  called  "fancy"  and  "useful"  articles.  A 
lodging-letter,  for  instance,  will  "  swop"  her  old 
gowns  and  boots,  and  drive  keen  bargains  for 
plates,  dishes,  or  wash-hand  basins  and  jugs.  A 
housekeeper,  who  may  be  in  easier  circumstances, 
will  exchange  for  vases  and  glass  wares.  Servant- 
maids  swop  clothes  and  money  for  a  set  of  china, 
"  'gainst  they  get  married."  Perhaps  there  are  no 
more  frequent  collisions  between  buyer  and  seller 
than  in  the  crock  swag-shops.  A  man  who  had 
once  been  an  assistant  in  one  of  these  places,  told 
me  that  some  of  the  ''crocks"  were  tiresome  beyond 
measure,  and  every  now  and  then  a  minute  or  two 
was  wasted  by  the  "  crock"  and  the  swag-shop- 
man in  swearing  one  at  another.  Some  of  these 
street  traffickers  insist  upon  testing  the  soundness 
of  every  article,  by  striking  the  middle  finger  nail 
against  it.  This  they  do  to  satisfy  their  customers 
also,  in  the  course  of  trade,  especially  in  poor 
neighbourhoods. 

From  the  best  data  at  my  command,  one  quarter 
of  the  goods  sold  at  the  swag- shops  are  sold  to 
the  crock  dealers  I  have  described,  and  in  about 
equal  proportions  as  to  amount  in  fancy  or  useful 
articles.  There  are,  in  addition  to  the  crock  bar- 
terers,  perhaps  100  traders  who  work  the  poor 
streets,  chiefly  carrying  their  goods  in  barrows, 
but  they  sell,  and  though  they  will  barter,  do  not 
clamour  for  it.  They  cry  :  "  Free  trade  for  ever ! 
Here's  cup  and  saucer  for  a  halfpenny  !  Pick 'em 
out  at  your  own  price !  Tea-pot  for  three  half- 
pence !  Pick  'em  out !  Oho  !  oho  !  Giving 
away  here!"  They  rattle  dishes  and  basins 
as  they  make  this  noise.  These  men  are  all  sup- 
•plied  at  the  swag-shops,  buying  what  is  called 
"common  lots,"  and  selling  at  30  per  cent,  profit. 
Such  traders  have  only  been  known  in  the 
streets  for  five  years,  and  for  three  or  four  months 
of  the  year  half  of  these  "  go  to  costering."  The 
barrows  are  about  seventy  in  number,  and  there 
are  thirty  stalls.  Seven-eighths  of  the  "  barrow- 
crocks  "  are  men.  The  swag-barrowmen  also 
sell  small  articles  of  crockery  wares,  and  alto- 
gether one  half  of  the  trade  of  the  crock  swag- 
shops  (which  I  have  described)  is  a  trade  for 
the  streets. 

Of  the  way  in  which  the  "  crock  barterers"  dis- 
pose of  their  wares,  &c.,  I  have  given  an  account 
htiow.  They  are  rapidly  supplanting  the  "  old 
do"  trade  of  the  Jews. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


407 


The  hucksters  of  crockery-ware  are  a  consider- 
able class.  One  who  has  great  experience  in  the 
business  thinks  there  must  be  some  hundreds 
employed  in  it  throughout  London.  He  says  he 
meets  many  at  the  swag  warehouses  on  the  even- 
ings that  he  goes  there.  He  is  often  half  an  hour 
before  he  can  be  served.  There  are  seven  or 
eight  swag  warehouses  frequented  by  the  huck- 
sters, and  at  the  busy  time  my  informant  has 
often  seen  as  many  h;is  twenty-five  at  each  house, 
and  he  is  satisfied  that  there  must  be  three  or  four 
hundred  hucksters  of  china  and  glass  throughout 
the  metropolis.  The  china  and  glass  in  which 
they  deal  are  usually  purchased  at  the  east  end  of 
the  town,  upon  the  understanding  that  if  the 
huckster  is  unable  to  dispose  of  them  in  the  course 
of  the  day  the  articles  will  be  taken  back  in  the 
morning,  if  uninjured,  and  the  money  returned. 
The  hucksters  usually  take  out  their  goods  early 
in  the  day.  Their  baskets  are  commonly  deposited 
at  the  warehouse,  and  each  warehouse  has  from 
thirty  to  forty  baskets  left  there  over-night,  when 
the  unsold  articles  are  returned.  The  baskets  are 
usually  filled  with  china  and  glass  and  ornaments, 
to  the  amount  of  from  5s.  to  15s.,  according  to  the 
stock-money  of  the  huckster.  A  basket  filled 
with  15*.  worth  of  china  is  considered,  I  am  told, 
"  a  very  tidy  stock."  In  the  same  neighbourhood 
as  they  get  the  crockery,  are  made  the  baskets  in 
which  it  is  carried.  For  these  baskets  they  pay 
from  2*.  to  6s.,  and  they  are  made  expressly  for 
the  hucksters ;  indeed,  on  one  side  of  a  well- 
known  street  at  the  east  end,  the  baskets  made  in 
the  cellars  may  be  seen  piled  outside  the  houses 
up  to  the  second-floor  windows.  The  class  of 
persons  engaged  in  hawking  china  through  the 
metropolis  are  either  broken-down  tradesmen  or 
clerks  out  of  place,  or  Jews,  or  they  may  be  Staf- 
fordshire men,  who  have  been  regularly  bred  to  the 

-s.  They  carry  different  kinds  of  articles. 
The  Staffordshire  roan  may  generally  be  known  by 
the  heavy  load  of  china  that  he  carries  with  him. 

-  few  light  or  fancy  articles  in  his  basket ; 
it  is  filled  chiefly  with  plates  and  dishes  and 
earthenware  pans.  The  broken-down  tradesmen 
carries  a  lighter  load.  He  prefers  tea  services  and 
vases,  and  rummers  and  cruet-stands,  as  they  an- 
:  i  more  delicate  make  than  the  articles 
carried  by  the  Staffordshire  men.  The  Jew,  how- 

.  ,ii  carry  nothing  of  any  considerable  weight. 

•.<•*  with  him  mostly  light,  showy,  l^hcmian 
goods — which  are  difficult  "to  be  priced"  by  his 
customer*,  and  do  not  require  much  labour  to 
hawk  about  The  hucksters  usually  start  on  their 
rounds  about  nine.  There  arc  very  few  who  take 
less  to  take  none  at  all. 
"  Hut'  that  is  all  flara,"  said  my  informant 

M  was  to  ask 

an  artful  way  like,  I  shouldn't  give  him  a  straight- 

To  such  parties  we  always  say, 

't  any   old  clothes  ?'"  The  hucksters 

lien  they   can  get 

ado|,t  •  of  exchang:  •  >d»  for 

old  c  v    as  a  means  of   evod 

licence  i  to  do  a  great  deal 

.    ill,-*1    hue.      When    they  tak.- 


they  usually  reckon  to  get  id.  in  the  shilling,  but 
at  least  three-fourths  of  their  transactions  consist 
of  exchanges  for  old  clothes.  "  A  good  tea-ser- 
vice we  generally  give,"  said  my  informant,  "  for 
a  left-off  suit  of  clothes,  hat,  and  boots — they  must 
all  be  in  a  decent  condition  to  be  worth  that*  V\  e 
give  a  sugar-basin  for  an  old  coat,  and  a  rummer 
for  a  pair  of  old  Wellington  boots.  For  a  glass 
milk-jug  I  should  expect  a  waistcoat  and  trowsers, 
and  they  must  be  tidy  ones  too.  But  there's 
nothing  so  saleable  as  a  pair  of  old  boots  to  us. 
There  is  always  a  market  for  old  boots,  when 
there  is  not  for  old  clothes.  You  can  any  day  get 
a  dinner  out  of  old  Wellingtons ;  but  as  for  coats 
and  waistcoats -there's  a  fashion  about  them,  and 
what  pleases  one  don't  another.  I  can  sell 
a  pair  of  old  boots  going  along  the  streets 
if  I  carry  them  in  my  hand.  The  snobs 
will  run  after  us  to  get  them — the  backs  are  so 
valuable.  Old  beaver  hats  and  waistcoats  are 
worth  little  or  nothing.  Old  silk  hats,  however, 
there's  a  tidy  market  for.  They  are  bought  for 
the  shops,  and  are  made  up  into  new  hats  for  the 
country.  The  shape  is  what  is  principally  wanted. 
We  won't  give  a  farden  for  the  polka  hats  with 
the  low  crowns.  If  we  can  double  an  old  hat  up 
and  put  it  in  our  pockets,  it 's  more  valuable  to  us 
than  a  stiff  one.  We  know  that  the  shape  must  be 
good  to  stand  that.  As  soon  as  a  hatter  touches 
a  hat  he  knows  by  the  touch  or  the  stiffness  of  it 
whether  it 's  been  '  through  '  the  fire  or  not ;  and 
if  so,  they  '11  give  it  you  back  in  a  minute.  There  is 
one  man  who  stands  in  Devonshire-street,  Bishops- 
gate-street,  waiting  to  buy  the  hats  of  us  as  we 
go  into  the  market,  and  who  purchases  at  least 
thirty  dozen  of  us  a  week.  There  will  be  three 
or  four  there  besides  him  looking  out  for  us  as 
we  return  from  our  rounds,  and  they'll  either 
outbid  one  another,  according  as  the  demand  is, 
or  they  '11  all  hold  together  to  give  one  price. 
The  same  will  be  done  by  other  parties  wanting 
the  old  umbrellas  that  we  bring  back  with  us. 
These  are  valuable  principally  for  the  whalebone. 
Cane  ribbed  ones  are  worth  only  from  Id.  to  2d., 
and  that's  merely  the  value  of  the  stick  and  the 
supporters.  Iron  skewers  are  made  principally  out  of 
the  old  supporters  of  umbrellas."  The  china  and 
crockery  bought  by  the  hucksters  at  the  warehouses 
are  always  second-rate  articles.  They  are  most  of 
them  a  little  damaged,  and  the  glass  won't  stand 
hot  water.  Kvery  huckster,  when  he  starts,  has 
a  bag,  and  most  of  them  two — the  one  for  the 
inferior,  and  the  other  for  the  better  kind  of  old 
clothes  he  buys.  "  We  purchase  gentlemen's  left- 
"tV  wearing  apparel.  This  is  mostly  sold  to  us  by 
women.  They  an-  cither  the  wives  of  tradesmen 
or  mech.!ii.c>  who  t,t-\\  them  to  us,  or  else  it  is  the 
cervant  of  a  1  •  ,  u  ho  has  had  the  things 

with    her   we  can   deal   much 
easier  than  the  others.      She's  come   to  VIM   light, 
and  of  (•••iir.tr  she  parts  with  'em  light,"  said   the 
mil  she'll  take  a  jiairi.f  -n-ir  lia.srns  worth 
about  6d.,  y»u  know,  for  a  thing  that    li  letch  two 
or  three  shillings  tmnetimeH.      lint  the  mistresses 
t    are   she-drag. 'in.       They    wantn  a 
:  fa   their    hiibhand'i 


408 


LONDON  LAliurii  A\l>   Till': 


]><>(>R. 


rags.  As  foi  plates  and  dishes,  they  think  they 
can  be  had  for  picking  up.  Many  a  time  they 
sells  tneir  husband's  things  unbeknown  to  'era, 
and  often  the  gentleman  of  the  house  coming  up 
to  the  door,  and  seeing  us  make  a  deal — for  his 
tro \vsers  maybe — puts  a  stop  to  the  whole  trans- 
action. Often  and  often  I  've  known  a  woman 
sell  the  best  part  of  her  husband's  stock  of  clothes 
for  cluiny  ornaments  for  her  mantelpiece.  And 
I  'm  sure  the  other  day  a  lady  stripped  the  whole 
(»f  her  passage,  and  gave  me  almost  a  new  great 
coat,  that  was  hanging  up  in  the  hall,  for  a  few 
trumpery  tea-things.  ]3ut  the  greatest  '  screws' 
we  has  to  deal  with  are  some  of  the  ladies  in  the 
.squares.  They  stops  you  on  the  sly  in  the  streets, 
and  tells  you  to  call  at  their  house  at  sitch  a  hour 
of  the  d;iy,  and  when  you  goes  there  they  smuggles 
you  quietly  into  some  room  bv  yonrseh. 
then  sets  to  work  Jewing  away  as  hard  as  they 
can,  pricing  up  their  own  things,  and  downcrying 
yourn.  Why,  the  other  day  I  was  told  to  call  at 
a  fashionable  part  of  Pimlico,  so  I  gave  a  pcr.-mi 
3d.  to  mind  the  child,  and  me  and  n. . 
woman  started  off  at  eight  in  the  morning  with  a 
double  load.  But,  bless  you,  when  we  got  there, 
the  lady  took  us  both  into  a  private  room  unite- 
known  to  the  servants,  and  wanted  me  to  go  and 
buy  expres.>.ly  for  her  a  green  and  white  chamber 
service  all  complete,  with  soap  travs  and  brush 
trays,  together  with  four  breakfast  cups — and  all 
this  here  grand  set-out  she  wanted  for  a  couple  of 
old  washed-out  light  waistcoats,  and  a  pair  of  light 
trowM-rs.  She  tried  hard  to  make  me  believe  that 
the  buttons  alone  on  the  \\a.-  worth 

(!</.  a  piece,  but  I  knowed  the  \alu<-  of  buttons 
afore  she  was  horned  ;  at  first  start  off  I'm  Mire 
they  wouldn't  have  cost  Id.  each,  so  I -couldn't 
make  a  deal  ol  it  no  how,  and  I  had  to  take 
all  my  things  b;ick  for  my  trouble.  I  asked  her 
even  for  a  pint  of  beer,  but  she  wouldn't  listen  to 
no  such  thing.  \Ve  gem-rally  cry  as  we  go,  '  any 
old  clothes  to  sell  or  exchange,'  and  I  look  down 
the  area,  and  sometimes  knock  at  the  door.  If 
I  go  out  with  a  lf>*.  basket  of  crockery,  may  be 
after  a  tidy  day's  work  I  shall  come  home  with 
Is.  in  my  pocket  (perhaps  I  shall  have 
couple  of  tumblers,  or  half  a  dozen  plates),  and 
a  bundle  of  old  clothes,  consisting  of  t 
three  old  shirts,  a  coat  or  two,  a  suit  of  left- 
off  livery,  a  woman's  gown  may  be,  or  a  pair 
of  old  stays,  a  couple  of  pair  of  Wellingtons,  and 
a  waistcoat  or  so.  These  I  should  have  at  my 
back,  and  the  remainder  of  my  chain/  and  glass  on 
my  head,  and  werry  probably  a  humberella  or 
two  under  my  arm,  and  five  or  six  old  hats  in  my 
hand.  This  load  altogether  will  weigh  about 
three  quarters  of  a  cwt.,  and  I  shall  have  travelled 
fifteen  miles  with  that,  at  least ;  for  as  fast  as  I 
gets  rid  on  the  weight  of  the  crockery,  I  takes  up 
the  weight  of  the  old  clothes.  The  clothes  I 
hardly  know  the  value  on  till  I  gets  to  the  Clothes 
Exchange,  in  Houndsditch.  The  usual  time  for 
the  hucksters  arriving  there  is  between  three  and 
four  in  the  winter,  or  between  five  and  six  in  the 
summer.  In  fact,  we  must  be  at  the  Exchange  at 
*Ju'in  hours,  because  there  all  our  buyers  '>  un'i 


we  can't  go  out  the  next  day  until  we've  sold  our 
lot.  We  can't  have  our  baskets  stocked  again 
until  we've  got  the  money  for  our  old  clothes." 
The  Exchange  is  a  large  square  plot  of  damp 
ground,  about  an  acre  in  extent,  enc.osed  by  a 
hoarding  about  eight  feet  high,  on  the  top  of 
which  is  a  narrow  sloping  roof,  projecting  suffi- 
ciently forward  to  shelter  one  person  from  the 
rain.  Across  this  ground  are  placed  four  rows  of 
double  seats,  ranged  back  to  back.  Here  meet  all 
the  Jew  clothesmeii,  hucksters,  dealers  in  second- 
hand shoes,  let't-otf  wardrobe  keepers,  hare.-kin 
dealers,  umbrella  dealers  and  menders,  and  indeed 
buyers  and  sellers  of  iet't-off  clothes  and  worn-out 
commodities  of  every  description.  The  purchasers 
are  of  all  nations,  and  in  all  costumes.  Some  are 
Greeks,  other*  Swiss,  and  others  Germans  ;  some 
have  come  there  to  buy  up  old  rough  charity 
clothing  and  aimy  coats  for  the  Irish  market, 
others  have  come  to  purchase  the  hareskins  and 
old  furs,  or  el.-e  to  pick  up  cheap  old  leap 
tea-urns.  The  man  with  the  long  flowing  beard 
and  greasy  tattered  gaberdine  is  worth  thoi. 
and  he  has  come  to  make  another  sixpence  out  of 
the  rags  and  tatters  that  are  strewn  about  the 
ground  in  heaps  for  .-ale.  At  a  little  before  three 
o'clock  the  stream  of  rag-sellers  sets  in  in  a  flood 
towards  this  spot.  At  the  gate  stands  *'  1 
Aaron,''  to  take  the  half-penny  admission  <•! 
one  eiiterini:  the  ground.  I5y  his  side  stands  his 
son  with  a  leather  pouch  of  halt-pence,  to  give 

i'»r  any  silver  that  may  be  tendered.  The 
stench  of  the  old  clothes  is  positively  ov-rpourr- 
ing.  Kverv  one  th 

..>d  clothes  he  would  not  put  them  on. 
Alu.ost  each  one  that  enters  has  a  bag  at  his  back, 
and  scarcely  has  he  passed  the  gate  before  he  is 
surrounded  by  some  half  dozen  eag-r  Jeu 
feels  the  contents  of  the  bundle  on  the  huckster's 
back — another  clamours  for  the  first  sight.  A 
third  cries,  "  1  'm  Mire  you  ha\ .  that'll 

suit  me."      "  You  know  i.  urtti,   "I'm 

a  buyer,  and  give  a  good   price."      "Have  you  got 
any  bie.iking  .'"  asks  this  Jew,   who  wants  an  old 

two  to  cut  up  into  cloth  caps — "  Ha 
got   any   fustian,    any   old    cords,    or   old   b 
And  sucli  is   the   anxiety   and   greediness   of  the 
buyers,  that  it  is  as  much  as  the  seller  can  do  to 
keep  his  bundle  on  his  back.      At  length  h>- 
his  way  to  a  seat,  and  as  he  empties  the  contents 
of  his  sack  on  the  ground,  each  different  article  is 
snapped  up  and  eagerly  overhauled  by  the  different 
Jews  that  have  followed  him  to  his  seat.     Then 
they  all  a»k  what  sum  is  wanted   for  the 
things,  and  they,  one  and  all,  bid  one  qua1 
the  price  demanded.     I  am  assured  that  it  requires 
the  greatest  vigilance  to  prevent  the  things  being 
carried  off  unpaid  in  the  confusion.     While  thij 
scene  is  going  on,  a  Jew,  perched  upon   a   high 
stage  in  the  centre  of  the  ground,  shouts  aloud  to 
the  multitude,  ''Hot  wine,   a   half-penny  a  glass, 
here."     Beside  him  stands  another,  with  smoking 
cans  of  hot  eels;  and  next  to  this  one  is  a 
meat   stall,    with  a  crowd  of  Jew   boys   gathered 
""ound    the   keeper  of  it,   gambling   with   marblei 
for   Albert   rock   and  hardbake.      Up  and   down 


y  LA  no i' ii  \yi>  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


.Between    the    seats    push    women    with     baskets 
of   sheep's    trotters    on    their  arms,    and    scream- 
•>f  mutton,  two  for  a  penny;   who'll 
:e    a    handsel — who'll    give    me    a    hand- 
After  them  comes  a  man  with  a  lame  tin 
can   under  his  arm,  and  roaring,  "  Hot  pea.  oh  ! 
i.  oh!  "      In  one  corner  is  a  coffee  and  beer 
shop.     Inside  this  are  Jews  playing  at  draughts, 
'ling  and   wrangling  about   the  goods    they 
have  bought  of  one  another.      In  fact,  in  no  other 
place  is  such   a  scene  of  riot,  rags,  and  tilth  to  be 
-ed.     The  cause  of  this   excitement  is  the 
great  demand  on  the  part  of  the  poor,  and  the  cheap 
clothiers  as  well,  for  those  articles  which  are  con- 
sidered as  worthless  by  the  rich.     The  old  shoes 
; iled  up,  and   the  cracks  heel-balled 
;<1  sold  out  to  the  working-classes  as  Strong 
thimble  articles.     The  Wellingtons  are  to  be  new 
fronted,  and  disposed  of  to  clerks  who  are  expected 
;tr  re.-pectable  upon   the  smallest  salaries. 
The  old  coats  and   trowsers  are    wanted   for  the 
slop  shops  ;  thev  are  to  be  "  turned,"  and  made  up 
into  new  garments.     The  best   black  suits  are  to 
>bbered  "  up — and  those    which  are  more 
worn  in  parts  are  to  be  cut  up  and  made  into  new 
cloth  caps  for  young  gentlemen,  or  gaiters  for  poor 
:   whilst  others  are  to  be  transformed  into 
vs'  tunics.'1     Such  as  are  too  far  gone 
.^'ht  to   be   torn   to  pieces  by  the  "devil," 
and  made  up  into  new  cloth — or  "shoddy"  as  it 
.-•d — while  such   as    have  already  done  this 
re  sold  for  manure  for  the  ground.    The  old 
shirts,    if  they  are   past  mending,  are  bought  as 
"  rubbish  "  by  the  marine  store  dealers,   and  sold 
as  rags  to  the  paper-mills,  to  be  changed  either 
e  bank-note,    the  newspaper,  or  the  best 
satin  i)' 'te  paper. 

j'-  earnings  of  the  hucksters  who  ex- 
•iina  and  glass   for  the   above 
.   are   from    8*.   to  10s.    per   week.     Some 
am  told,  they  will  make  3.»-..  and  on  others 
.^1  get  only  (j<f.      However,  taking  the  good 
with  the  bad,   it  is   thought  that  10«.  a  week  is 
about  a  fair  average  of  the  earnings  of  the  whole 
class.     The  best   times  for  this  trade  are  at  the 
turn  of  the  winter,  and  at  the  summer  .-eas<m,  lie- 
usually   purchase   new  clothes, 
•V   the   old  ones.      The  average 
d  hat  is  from  !</.  to  &<l.  ;  for  an  old 
in  old  pair  of  \\Y1- 
,  fetch  from 
leather  are  of  scarcely  .v. 

to  It. ;   waistcoats  are 
;  Towsers  are  worth   from   •!•/.  to 

:   shirts  feU : 
\d.  per  pair  ;  a  silk  h.. 
••  from  JW.  to  \r. 

he  has 

1  IM  to 
lie  at  prftt-iil  belongs. 


OF  THE   "SWAG,"   CUOCKERY,  AND  GLASS    SIKH'S. 

IN  addition  to  the  150  general  and  particular 
"swag-shops,"  or  shops  having  a  large  collection, 
of  goods,  of  which  I  have  spoken,  there  are 
twenty  establishments  for  the  sale  ot  crockery  and 
china,  which  I  heard  styled  by  persons  in  the 
trade  "  swag-crocks,"  or  "  crock-shops."  The  prin- 
ciple on  which  the  trade  is  conducted  in  these 
places  is  the  same  as  that  of  the  swag-shops, 
inasmuch  as  the  sales  are  wholesale,  to  street- 
sellers,  shop-keepers,  and  shippers,  but  rarely  to 
private  individuals. 

The  crock  swag-shops  are  to  be  found  in  the 
streets  neighbouring  Spitaltields  market,  and  in 
and  near  to  Liquorpond-street.  As  at  the  more 
general  or  miscellaneous  swag-shops,  the  crock- 
swags  make  no  display.  In  one  of  the  most 
extensive,  indeed,  two  large  windows  are  filled 
with  goods.  Here  are  spirit-stands,  with  the 
invariable  three  bottles  (invariable  in  the  cheap 
trade),  blue,  green,  or  uncoloured ;  some  lettered 
"gin,"  "rum,"  "brandy,"  but  most  of  them  un- 
labelled.  Here,  too,  are  cruet-stands,  and  ''pot"  or 
spar  figures  under  glass  shades;  and  a  number  of 
many-coloured  flower-glasses,  some  of  them  pro- 
fusely gilded;  and  small  china  vases;  but  the 
glass  wares  greatly  predominate.  Although  there 
are  glass  and  colour  and  gilding  enough  to  make 
"an  imposing  display „"  the  display  is  nevertheless 
anything  but  showy;  the  goods  look  dingy,  and. 
if  I  may  so  speak  of  such  things,  faded.  Some  of 
the  coloured  glass  seems  to  be  losing  its  colour, 
and  few  of  the  wares  have  the  bright  look  of 
newness. 

The  windows  of  these  shops  are,  for  the  most 
part,  literally  packed  to  a  certain  height,  so  as 
almost  to  exclude  -the  light,  with  pitchers,  and 
basins,  and  cups,  and  jugs,  and  the  sundry  smaller 
articles  of  this  multifarious  trade,  all  undusted, 
and  seemingly  nncared  for.  In  one  "large  con- 
cern" I  saw  a  number  of  glass  salt-cellars  wrapped 
severally  in  paper,  which  had  changed  from  white 
to  a  dusty  brown,  and  which  from  age,  and  per- 
haps damp,  seemed  about  to  fall  to  tatters. 
The  '"interiors"  of  some  of 

i<  ious.  I  saw  one  large  and  lofty 
shop,  into  which  two  apartments  and  a  yard  had 
been  Hung,  the  partition*  having  been  taken  down, 
and  the  ceilings  supported  by  pillars,  in  oul<  r  to 
"extend  the  premises."  It  wa*  really  a  hall  of 
poU.  On  the  Hour  weiv  lai>  •  to|* 

removed   so    that    the   goods    might    be    examined 

one    with    cup-,    ano  her   with    sun 
third   with   basins,  and    packed    as    onlv  a   pottp. 
onild    pack    them.      Intermixed    with    them    were 
:     blue  and-white    di.Oie,    and     plate.-,    and, 
'  'leni,  \\a.-hi:  i  one  into  another 

like   it,.-  pillars 

had    tli'  being    IIIIIIL;    with 

and    with    white    n>  .md    l>rmvi.- 

With    te.l-M'i  \ 

shape*  an.)    hue*,  while  the   uno. ,  upi< -d    s|..u 
what  MJllice  1  to  all  n   and    the 


410 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


customers  to  thread  the  mazes  of  this  labyrinth  of 
crockery  wares.  Of  the  glass  goods  there  was  little 
display,  as  they  are  generally  kept  in  cases  and 
other  packages,  to  preserve  their  freshness  of 
appearance. 

The  crockery  of  the  swag-shops  is  made  in 
Staffordshire ;  the  glass  principally  in  Lancashire. 
At  none  of  these  establishments  do  they  issue  cir- 
culars of  prices,  such  as  I  have  cited  of  the  general 
swag-shops.  The  articles  are  so  very  many,  I  was 
told,  that  to  specify  all  the  sizes  and  prices  "  would 
take  a  volume  and  a  half."  I  give  a  statement, 
however,  of  the  prices  of  the  goods  most  in  de- 
mand, on  the  occasions  when  the  street  vendors 
sell  them  without  barter,  and  the  prices  at  which 
they  are  purchased  wholesale  :  Blue-edged  plates 
sold  at  Id.  each  cost  Is.  Sd.  the  dozen  ;  this  would 
appeal  to  entail  a  loss  of  Sd.  on  every  dozen  sold, 
but  in  this  article  "  30  is  a  dozen."  Dishes  are 
bought  at  the  "  swag-crocks  "  in  "  nests,"  which 
comprise  10  dishes,  or  5  pairs,  of  different  sizes. 
These  the  street  crockman  sells,  if  possible,  in 
pairs,  but  he  will  sell  them  singly,  for  he  can  al- 
ways make  up  the  complement  of  his  "  nest  "  at 
the  warehouse.  The  prices  run,  chiefly  according 
to  size,  from  Sd.  to  Is.  6d.  (sometinvr  '+».  Sd.)  the 
pair.  "  The  Sd.  a  pair,"  said  one  street  crock - 
seller,  "  costs  me  Qd.,  not  a  farthing  under,  and 
the  ISd.  a  pair — it's  very  seldom  we  can  'draw' 
Is.  Sd.— costs  Is.  2d.  That's  all,  sir;  and  the 
profit 's  so  small,  it  makes  us  keen  to  swop.  I  '11 
swop  for  old  clothes,  or  dripping,  or  grease,  or  any- 
thing. You  see  the  profit,  when  you  sells  down- 
right down,  must  be  small,  'cause  there  's  so  many 
pot-shops  with  prices  marked  on  the  plates  and 
other  things.  They  can  buy  better  than  us  some- 
times, and  they  're  hard  to  stand  up  against.  If  a 
woman  says  to  me — for  I  very  seldom  deal  witli 
men — '  Why,  they  're  cheaper  at  D 's,  in  Ox- 
ford-street,'— I  answers,  '  And  worsen  I  '11  tell 
you  what  it  is,  ma'am.  The  cheapest  place  was  in 
two  houses,  painted  all  red,  in  the  London-road. 
But  one  fine  morning  them  two  houses  fell,  and 
the  pots  was  smashed  as  a  matter  of  course.  It 
was  a  judgment  on  their  bad  pots.'  But  it's  a  fact, 
sir,  that  these  houses  fell,  about  7  or  8  years  ago, 
I  think,  and  I  've  seen  goods,  with  one  or  two  of 
'em  broken,  offered  for  sale  when  the  place  was 
re-built,  having  been '  rescued  from  the  ruins  ;  and 
at  less  than  half  price.'  Of  course  that  was 
gammon.  I  've  cracked  and  broke  a  few  plates, 
myself,  and  sold  them  in  the  New  Kent-road,  and 
in  Walworth  and  Newington,  at  half  price,  from 
the  ruins,  and  at  a  very  tidy  profit."  A  stone 
china  tea-service,  of  32  pieces — 12  cups,  12  saucers, 
4  bread-and-butter  plates,  a  tea-pot,  a  sugar-basin, 
a  slop-basin,  and  a  cream-jug—is  bought  for  6*.  9d. 
while  9s.  is  asked  for  it,  and  sometimes  obtained. 
A  "  china  set"  costs,  as  the  general  price,  IQs.Gd., 
and  for  it  14s.  is  asked. 

The  glass  wares  are  so  very  rarely  sold — being 
the  most  attractive  articles  of  barter — that  I  could 
hardly  get  any  street-seller  to  state  his  prices. 
"  Swop,  sir,"  I  was  told  repeatedly,  "  they  all  goes 
in  swop."  The  glass  good*,  however,  which  are 
the  most  sold  in  the  streets,  I  ascertained  to  be 


cream-jugs,  those  vended  at  6J.  each,  costing  4*. 
the  dozen  ;  and  flower-glasses,  the  most  frequent 
price  being  Is.  a  pair,  the  prime  cost  7d. 

I  have  estimated  the  sum  turned  over  by  the 
general  swag-shops  at  3000J.  each.  From  what 
I  can  learn,  the  crock  swag-shops,  averaging  the 
whole,  turn  over  a  larger  sum,  for  their  profits  are 
smaller,  ranging  from  10  to  30  per  cent.,  but 
rarely  30.  Calculating,  then,  that  each  of  these 
swag-shops  turns  over  4000/.  yearly,  we  find 
80,000/.  expended,  but  this  includes  the  sales  to 
shopkeepers  and  to  shippers,  as  well  as  to  street- 
folk. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  SPAR  AND   CHINA 

ORNAMENTS,  AND  OF  STOKE  FRUIT. 
"  SPARS,"  as  spar  ornaments  are  called  by  the 
street-sellers,  are  sold  to  the  retailers  at  only  four 
places  in  London,  and  two  in  Gravesend  (where 
the  hawkers  are  for  the  most  part  supplied).  The 
London  spar-houses  are — two  in  Westminster,  one 
in  Shoreditch,  and  one  on  Battle-bridge.  None  of 
them  present  any  display  of  their  goods  which  are 
kept  in  large  drawers,  closets,  and  packages.  At 
Gravesend  the  spar-shops  are  handsome. 

These  wares  are  principally  of  Derbyshire  spar, 
and  made  in  Matlock  ;  a  few  are  German.  The 
"  spars"  are  hawked  on  a  round,  and  are  on  fine 
Saturday  nights  offered  for  sale  in  the  street  and 
markets.  The  trade  was  unknown  as  a  stre»-  ,  or 
a  hawking  trade  in  London,  I  am  informed,  until 
about  twenty-five  years  ago,  and  then  was  not  ex- 
tensive, the  goods,  owing  to  the  cost  of  carria::f, 
&c.,  being  high-priced.  As  public  coir. 
became  more  rapid,  certain  and  cheap,  the  trade  in 
."pars  increased,  and  cheaper  articles  were  pre- 
pared for  the  London  market.  From  ten  to 
fifteen  years  ago  the  vendors  of  spars  "did  well 
in  swop"  (as  street-sellers  always  call  barters). 
The  articles  with  which  they  tempted  housewives 
were  just  the  sort  of  article  to  which  it  was 
difficult  for  inexperienced  persons  to  attach  a 
value.  They  were  massive  and  handsome  orna- 
ments, and  the  spar-sellers  did  not  fail  to  expatiate 
on  their  many  beauties.  "  God  rest  Jack  Moody 's 
soul,"  said  an  Irishman,  now  a  crock-seller,  to  me 
"Jack  Moody  was  only  his  nick-name,  but  that 
don't  matter  ;  God  rist  his  sowl  and  the  hivens 
be  his  bid.  He  was  the  boy  to  sell  the  spar-r's. 
They  was  from  the  cavrents  at  the  bottom  of  the 
say,  he  towld  them,  or  from  a  new  island  in  the 
frozen  ocean.  He  did  well  ;  God  rist  him ;  but 
he  died  young."  The  articles  "swopped"  were 
such  as  I  have  described  in  my  account  of  the 
tradings  of  the  crock-sellers;  and  if  the  "swop" 
were  in  favour  of  the  spar-seller,  still  the  customer 
became  possessed  of  something  solid,  enduring, 
and  generally  handsome. 

At  the  outset  of  the  street  or  hawking  trade, 
the  spar-sellers  carried  their  goods  done  up  in 
paper,  in  strong  baskets  on  their  heads  ;  the  man's 
wife  sometimes  carrying  a  smaller  basket,  with 
less  burdensome  articles,  on  her  arm.  Men  have 
been  known  to  start  on  a  round,  with  a  basket  of 
spars,  which  would  weigh  from  1  cwt.  to  1  i  cwt. 
(or  12  stone).  This,  it  must  be  remembered, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


411 


have  to  be  borne  for  three  or  four  miles  into  the 
suburbs,  before  its  weight  was  diminished  by  a 
sale.  One  of  these  traders  told  me  that  twelve 

_ro  he  had  sold  sp:ir  watch-stands,  weighing 
above  15  Ibs.  These  stands  were  generally  of  a 
square  form ;  the  inner  portion  being  open,  except 
a  sort  of  recess  for  the  watch.  "  The  tick  sounds 
well  on  spar,  I  've  often  heard,"  said  one  spar- 
seller. 

Some  of  the  spar  ornaments  are  plain,  white, 
and  smooth.  Of  these  many  have  flowers,  or 
rims,  or  insects,  painted  upon  them,  and  in  brilliant 
colours.  Those  which  are  now  in  demand  for  the 
street  sales,  or  for  itinerant  barterings,  are — 
Small  microscopes,  candlesticks,  inkstands,  pin- 
cushions, mugs,  paper-holders,  match  perfumery, 
and  shaving-boxes,  etc.  The  general  price  of  these 
articles  is  6rf.  to  the  street-seller  or  hawker,  some 
of  the  dealers  being  licensed  hawkers.  The  whole- 
sale price  varies  from  2s.  6d.  to  5s.  per  dozen;  or 
an  average  of  3s.  9d.  or  4s.  Of  the  larger  articles 
the  most  saleable  are  candlesticks,  at  from  Is.  to 
2*.  6d.  each  ;  from  Is.  to  Is.  6d.  being  the  most 
frequent  price.  Watch-stands  and  vases  are  now, 
I  am  told,  in  small  demand.  "  People's  got 
stocked,  I  think,"  one  man  said,  "  and  there  *s  so 
much  cheap  glass  and  chaney  work,  that  they  looks 
on  spars  as  heavy  and  old-fashioned." 

Some  street-sellers  have  their  spars  in  covered 
barrows,  the  goods  being  displayed  when  the  top 
of  the  barrow  is  removed,  so  that  the  conveyance 
is  serviceable  whether  the  owner  be  stationary  or 
itinerant.  The  spar-sellers,  however,  are  reluctant 
to  expose  their  goods  to  the  weather,  as  the  colours 
are  easily  affected. 

In   this  trade  I  am   informed    that    there   are 

now  twelve  men,  nine   of  whom  are  assisted  by 

uid  that  in  the  summer  months  there 

.     Their  profits  are  about  15s.  per 

:i  an  average  of  the  whole  year,  including  the 
metropolis  and  a  wide  range  of  the  suburbs.  What 
amount  of  money  mav  be  expended  by  the  public 
in  the  street  purchase  of  "spars"  I  am  unable  to 
state,  so  much  being  done  in  the  way  of  barter  ; 

-uniing  that  there  are  fourteen  sellers 
throughout  the  y«ar,  and  that  tlu-ir  profits  are 
cent,  per  cent.,  there  would  appear  to  be  about 
10001.  per  annum  thus  laid  out. 

Of  stone  fruit  there  are  now  usually  six  street 

and  in  fine  weather  eight.  Eight  or  ten 
year*  ago  there  were  twenty.  The  fruit  is  prin- 
cipally made  at  Chesterfield  in  Derl.\ 
disposed  of  to  the  London  street  sellers  in  the 
•wag-shops  in  IloundsdiU-h.  Some  of  the  articles, 
both  as  regards  form  and  colour,  are  well  »-.\ 

are  far  too  red  or  too  green  ;  but  that,  I 
was  told,  pleased  children  best.  The  most  saleable 
fruits  are  apples,  peart,  peachr*  ranges, 

lemons  and  cucumber*. 
are  sometimes  of  pot  as  well  as  of  stone,  are  often 

,  and  are  sometimes  made  to  serve  : 
bottlm,  holding  about  a  quar 

a  gross 
i  better 

rice  is  7*.  G«/.      The  street* 
teavotirs  to  get  Id.  each  for  the  lower  priced,  and 


2c/.  for  the  higher,  but  has  most  frequently  to  be 
content  with  ^d.  and  Id.  The  stone  fruitmen  are 
itinerant  during  the  week  and  stationary  in  the 
street  markets  on  Saturday,  and  sometimes  other 
evenings.  They  carry  their  stock  both  in  baskets 
and  barrows.  One  man  told  me  that  he  always 
cried,  "Pick  'em  out!  pick  'em  out!  Half-penny 
each !  Cheapest  fruit  ever  seen !  As  good  to- 
morrow as  last  week  !  Never  lose  flavour !  Ever- 
lasting fruit." 

Supposing  that  there  are  six  persons  selling 
stone  fruit  in  the  streets  through  the  year,  and 
that  each  earns — and  I  am  assured  that  is  the  full 
amount — 9s.  weekly  (one  man  said  7s.  6d.  was 
the  limit  of  his  weekly  profits  in  fruit),  we  find 
140/.  received  as  profit  on  these  articles,  and  cal- 
culating the  gains  at  33  per  cent.,  an  outlay  of 

4m 

The  trade  in  China  ornaments  somewhat  differs 
from  the  others  I  have  described  under  the  present 
head.  It  is  both  a  street  and  a  public-house 
trade,  and  is  carried  on  both  in  the  regular  way 
and  by  means  of  raffles.  At  some  public-houses, 
indeed,  the  China  ornament  dealers  are  called 
"  rafflers." 

The  "ornaments"  now  most  generally  sold  or 
raffled  are  Joy  and  Grief  (two  figures,  one  laughing 
and  the  other  crying);  dancing  Highlanders; 
mustard  pots  in  the  form  of  cottages,  &c.  ;  gro- 
tesque heads,  one  especially  of  an  old  man,  which 
serves  as  a  pepper-box,  the  grains  being  thrown 
through  the  eyes,  nose,  and  mouth ;  Queen  and 
Alberts  (but  not  half  so  well  as  the  others)  ;  and, 
until  of  late,  Smith  O'Briens.  There  are  others, 
also,  such  as  I  have  mentioned  in  my  account  of 
the  general  swag-shops,  to  the  windows  of  many 
of  which  they  form  the  principal  furniture.  Some 
of  these  ''ornaments"  sold  "on  the  sly"  can 
hardly  be  called  obscene,  but  they  are  dirty,  and 
cannot  be  further  described. 

The  most  lucrative  part  of  the  trade  is  in  the 
raffling.  A  street-seller  after  doing  what  business 
lie  ean,  on  a  round  or  at  a  stand,  during  the  dav, 
will  in  the  evening  resort  to  public-houses,  where 
he  is  known,  and  is  allowed  to  offer  his  u 
the  guests.  The  ornaments,  in  public-house  sale, 
:dly  ever  offered  fur  1,-ss  than  ('<•/.  eai-h,  «>r 
"1  /.  a  pair.  The  milling  is  carried  on  rapidly  and 
simply.  \v.  and  when 

used,  provoke  many  murmurs  from  the  landlords. 
The   r.ifller   of  the    China    ornaments    pn>,' 
portah'e  :     table-  the>e  tal 

:  iblished  part  of   street   ; 
or  ten  inches    in    diameii-r.      What  mav   be 
"the    hoard"    (it     soim-of    these    "roulettes"    is 
numbered    to  thirty-two.      It   is   set  rapidly   spin- 

d    through  a 

the  lid  of  thf  box.  and,  when  the  motion 
has  ceased,  the  pea  in  found  in  one  ,,('  the  num- 
bered p  :  :iiell,"  a  IMi: 

me  he  would  sny,  "try  your  luck  for  thi>  beautiful 
.it    If/,  a  pi. 

.    what 

the    old    la.h.   ;i!:.i    ill. 

<.m  t-mitnbiit.-   h/. 
-:ie    one    "spinning  '    ti,  i.umbvr 


412 


1,oXl>(>X  f.A/HK'it  AX/t  THE  LONDON  POOR 


gains  the  prize,  and  is  congratulated  by  the  orna- 
nirnt  seller  on  liaving  gained  for  Id.  what  was 
only  too  cheap  at  6d.  "Why,  sir,"  said  a  man 
who  had  recently  left  the  trade  for  another  calling, 
and  who  was  anxious  that  I  should  not  give  any 
particular  description  of  him,  "in  case  he  went 
back  to  the  raffling," — "  Why,  sir,  I  remember 
one  Monday  evening  four  or  five  months  back, 
going  into  a  parlour,  not  a  tap-room,  mind,  where 
was  respectable  mechanics.  They  got  to  play 
with  me,  and  got  keen,  and  played  until  my  stock 
was  all  gone.  If  one  man  stopped  milling, 
another  took  his  place.  I  can't  recollect  how 
many  ornaments  I  raffled,  but  I  cleared  rather 
better  than  3s.  6d.  When  there  was  no  ornaments 
left  they  gave  me  \d.  a  piece — there  was  eleven  of 
them  then — and  a  pint  of  beer  to  let  them  have  the 
mulette  till  12  o'clock ;  and  away  they  went 
at  it  for  beer  and  screws,  and  bets  of  ]d.  and 
Id.  One  young  man  that  had  been  lucky  in  win- 
ning the  ornaments  got  cleaned  out,  and  staked 
his  ornaments  for  'Id.,  or  for  a  lc^.  rather  than  not 
play.  That  sort  of  thing  only  happened  to  me 
once,  to  the  same  extent.  If  the  landlord  came 
into  the  room,  of  course  they  was  only  playing  for 
drink,  or  he  might  have  begun  about  his  licence." 

The  ornaments  arc  bought  at  the  swag  shops  I 
have  described,  and  are  nearly  all  of  German 
make.  They  are  retailed  from  Id.  and  sometimes 
i</.  to  1*.  each,  and  the  profit  is  from  25  to  75  per 
tvnt.  There  are,  I  am  informed,  about  thirty 
persons  in  this  trade,  two-thirds  of  them  being 
rafflers,  and  their  receipts  being  from  25a.  to  30*. 
weekly.  Most  of  them  mix  ''  fancy  glass"  goods 
and  spars,  and  other  articles,  with  their  ''orna- 
ment" trade,  so  that  it  is  not  easy  to  ascertain 
what  is  expended  upon  the  china  ornaments  in- 
dependently of  other  wares.  If  we  calculate  it  at 
li'.v.  weekly  ^a  low  average  considering  the  MIC- 
ce.-s  of  some  of  the  raffles),  we  find  780/.  ex- 
pended in  the  streets  in  these  ornamental  produc- 
tions. 

OP  TUB  STREET-SELLERS  OF  TEXTILE  FABRICS. 
THESE  street-folk  present  perhaps  as  great  a  di- 
versity of  character  as  any  of  which  I  have  been 
called  upon  to  treat. 

Among  them  are  the  strong  persevering  men, 
who  carry  rolls  of  linen  or  cotton  manufacture  in 
packs  on  their  backs,  and  trudge  along  holding  a 
yard-wand  by  the  middle,  which — it  is  a  not  un- 
common joke  against  them— is  always  worn  down 
an  inch  or  two,  by  being  used  as  a  walking-stick 
in  their  long  pedestrian  journeys.  Such,  however, 
is  not  the  case,  for  the  packman — when  measuring 
is  resorted  to — generally  shows  the  justice  of  his 
measure,  or  invites  the  purchaser  to  use  her  own 
yard-wand  (for  women  are  now  their  most  fre- 
quent customers).  Some  of  these  men  love  to  tell 
of  the  many  hundreds  of  miles  they  have  walked  in 
their  time,  and  in  the  three  kingdoms.  The  most 
of  those  who  make  London,  or  any  large  town  their 
head-quarter*,  and  take  regular  journeys  into  the 
tommy,  are  licensed  hawkers ;  those  who  confine 
theii  sales  exclusively  to  London  and  its  immediate 
riciuity,  frequently  conduct  their  business  without 


incurring  the  annual  cost  of  a  licence.  The  pe 
nalty  for  hawking  without  a  licence  is  10/.,  or  an 
imprisonment  (in  default  of  payment)  not  exceed- 
ing three  months,  with  a  discretionary  power  of 
mitigation  to  the  magistrates.  Some  of  the.se  men 
may  be  styled  hereditary  hawkers,  having  first 
accompanied  and  then  succeeded  their  parents  on 
a  round;  some  were  in  their  youth  assistants  to 
hawkers;  some  had  been  unsuccessful  as  tallymen 
when  shopkeepers,  or  travellers  for  tally-shops, 
and  have  resorted  to  hawking  or  street-trading, 
occasionally,  in  their  transactions  with  different 
parties,  blending  the  tally  system  with  the  simple 
rules  of  sale  for  ready  money. 

In  striking  contrast  to  these  sturdy  and  often 
astute  traders  are  the  street-sellers  of  la< 
millinery,  the  majority  of  whom  are  women.  A 
walk  through  a  street-market,  especially  on  a 
Saturday  evening,  will  show  any  one  the  frequent 
difference  of  the  established  street-milliner  to  the 
other  female  traders  surrounding  her  stall.  The 
milliner,  as  she  is  commonly  called  by  the 
folk,  wears  a  clean,  and  often  tasty  cap,  beneath 
her  closely-iitting  bonnet,  a  cap  in  which  artificial 
flowers  are  not  wanting,  should  she  sell  those 
adornments.  Her  shawl  is  pinned  beneath  her 
collar;  her  gown,  if  it  be  old  or  of  poor  material, 
is  clean ;  and  she  is  rarely  to  be  seen  in  boots 
or  shoes  made  for  men's  wear.  Near  her  stall  are 
stout,  coarse-looking  Irish  girls,  with  unstringed 
bonnets,  half-ragged  shawls,  thrown  loose  round 
their  shoulders,  necks  red  from  exposure  to  the 
weather,  coarse  and  never  brushed,  but  sometimes 
scraped,  shoes,  when  shoes  are  worn,  and  a  general 
dirtiness  of  apparel.  The  street-milliners  have 
been  ladies'-maids,  working  milliners  and  dress- 
makers, the  wives  of  mechanics  who  have  been 
driven  to  the  streets,  and  who  add  to  the  means 
of  the  family  by  conducting  a  street-trade  them- 
selves, with  a  sprinkling  from  other  classes. 

The  street-sellers  of  lace  are  of  the  same  class 
as  the  milliners,  but  with  perhaps  less  smartness, 
and  carrying  on   an  inferior  trade  both  as  i 
profit  and  display. 

The  street-sellers  of  boot  and  etay-laces  and  of 
such  things  as  sewing  cotton,  threads  and  tapes, 
when  sold  separately  from  more  valuable  articles,  are 
children  and  old  people,  some  of  whom  are  infirm, 
and  some  blind.  The  children  have,  in  some  in- 
stances, been  bred  to  the  streets;  the  old  people 
probably  are  worn  out  in  street-trades  requiring 
health  and  strength,  and  so  adopt  a  less  laborious 
calling,  or  else  they  have  been  driven  to  it,  either 
from  comparatively  better  circumstances,  or  by 
some  privation  or  affliction,  in  order  to  avoid  the 
workhouse. 

The  sale  of  belts,  stockings,  braces,  straps  and 
garters,  is  mostly  in  the  hands  of  men,  who,  from 
all  that  I  can  learn,  are  regular  street-sellers,  who 
"  turn  their  hands  first  to  this  and  then  to  that," 
but  this  portion  of  street- traffic  is  often  combined 
with  the  sale  of  dog-collars,  chains,  &c.  The  trade 
is  more  a  public-house  than  a  distinct  traffic  in 
the  street.  The  landlord  of  a  well-frequent,  d  inr. 
in  Lambeth  told  me  that  everyday  at  lea>t  H'O  of 
*uch  street-sellers — not  including  match-girls  and 


X  L.[/;<~>n;  AX  it  THE  LOXhux  !".><>  it. 


418 


women — entered  his  house  to  offer  their  wares; 
the  greatest  number  of  such  sellers  waa  in  the 
evening. 

I  have  so  far  described  what  may  be  called  the 
fair  traders,  but  to  them  the  street-sellers  of  textile 
fabrics  are  not  confined.  There  are  besides  these, 

*•  r  classes  known  as  "  Duffers  "  and  as  "  Lum- 
.uid  sometimes  the  same  man  is  both  "  Duffer" 

Lumper."  The  two  names  are  often  con- 
founded, but  an  intelligent  street-seller,  versed  in 
all  the  arts  and  mysteries  of  this  trade,  told  me  that 
he  understood  by  a  "  Duffer,"  a  man  who  sold  goods 
under  false  pretence?,  making  out  that  they  were 

ed,  or  even  stolen,  so  as  to  enhance  the  idea 

r  cheapness;  whereas  a  "  Lumper"  would 
sell  linens,  cottons,  or  silks,  which  might  be  really 
the  commodities  represented ;  but  which,  by  some 
management  or  other,  were  made  to  appear  new 
when  they  were  old,  or  solid  when  they  were 
flimsy. 

OF  TOE  HABERDASHERY  S\VAG-?HOPS. 

-  name  the  street-sellers  have  long  distin- 
guished   the  -.  or  rather  shops,  where 
•irehase    their  goods.     The  term  > 
is  before  stated,  a 

word,  meaning  a  large  collection,  a  "  lot."  The 
haberdashery,  however,  supplied  by  these  esta- 
blishments is  of  a  very  miscellaneous  character  ; 
which,  perhaps,  can  best  be  shown  by  describing 
a  ''haberdashery  swag,"  to  which  a  street-seller, 
who  made  his  purchases  there,  conducted  me,  and 
which,  he  informed  me,  was  one  of  the  most  fre- 
quented by  his  fraternity,  if  not  the  most  frequented, 
in  the  metr": 

The 'window    was  neither  dingy,  nor,  as   my 

;:<>n  expressed   it.  "  gay."      it   was  in  size, 

as  well  a*  in  "  dressing,"  or  "  show  " — for  I  heard 

the  arrangement  of  the  window  goods  called  by 

-     by    street    people — half-way 

•  plainness  of  a  really  wholesale 

;i-e.  and  the  gorgeousness  of  a  retail  drapery 

ious  sacrifice''  befools  the 

public.     Not  a  quarter  of  an   inch  of  space  was 

.id    the    animuncemriits    and    prices    were 

many  of  them  in  a  bungling  school-boy- 

:i'l,  while   others  were   the  work  of  a  pro- 

-xl  "  ticket  writer,"  and  show  the  eagerness 

• 

r  was  this  a 

maker-  its  cut  to  any  size  or  quality.'1 

:i»r  shoe  visible,  but    how 
quality,"  is  ; 

•i  laces,  w.i  t,  nufli- 

•v,  within  the  nhop,  were  pape- 
•f  »t<  •  marked  so  loosely 

i .«.  O\<L 

d  store 


three  a  penny;  girls'  night-caps,  l]J.;  women's 
caps,  from  2}d.  to  t  i<(.  :  \the  |(/.  was  always  in 
small  indistinct  characters,  but  it  was  a  very  favour- 
ite adjunct) ;  diamond  patent  mixed  pins — London 
and  Birmingham — Id.  an  oz.  My  companion 
directed  my  attention  to  the  little  packets  of  pins  : 
"  They  're  well  done  up,  sir,  as  you  can  see,  and 
in  very  good  and  thick  and  strong  pink  papers, 
with  ornamental  printers'  borders,  and  plenty  of 
paper  for  three  ounces.  The  paper  's  weighed  with 
the  pins,  and  the  price  is  Id.  an  oz.  ;  so  the  paper 
fetches  Is.  4d.  a  pound."  There  were  also  many 
papers  of  combs,  and  one  tied  outside  the  packet 
as  a  specimen,  without  a  price  marked  upon  them. 
"  The  price  varies,  sir ;"  said  my  guide  and  in- 
formant, and  I  heard  the  same  account  from  others ; 
"it  varies  from  Id.  a  pair  to  such  as  me;  up  to 
6d.  or  perhaps  Is.  to  a  servant-maid  what  looks 
innocent." 

From  what  appeared  to  be  slender  rods  fitted 
higher  up  to  the  breadth  of  the  window  depended 
"  black  lace  handkerchiefs.  4  •';</. ;"  and  cap  fronts, 
some  being  a  round  wreath  of  gauze  ornamented 
with  light  rose-coloured  artificial  flowers,  and 
marked  "only  5}rf.  ;"  together  with  lace  (or 
edgings)  which  hung  in  festoons,  and  filled  every 
vacancy.  Higher  up  were  braces  marked  5d.  ; 
and  more  lace ;  and  to  the  back  of  all  was  a  sort 
of  screen — for  it  shuts  out  all  view  of  the  inside  of 
the  shop— —of  big-figured  shawls  (the  figures  in 
purple,  orange,  and  crimson)  and  of  silk  handker- 
chiefs :  "They're  regular  duffers,"  I  was  told, 
"and  very  tidy  duffers  too — very,  for  it's  a  re- 
spectable house." 

In  the  centre  of  the  window  ledge  was  a  hand- 
some wreath  of  artificial  flowers,  marked  L'V. 
"  If  a  young  woman  was  to  go  in  to  buy  it  at 
2ljd.,  I've  seen  it  myself,  sir,"  said  the 
seller,  "she's  told  that  the  ticket  has  got  out  of 
its  place,  for  it  belonged  to  the  lace  beneath,  but 
as  she  'd  m  ule  a  mistake  without  thinking  of  the 
value,  the  flowers  was  Is.  6d.  to  her,  though  they 
was  cheap  at  '_' 

Fn>m  this  account  it  will  be  seen   that  th 
or   wholesale    haberdashers  are  now  very   general 
;   and  that    they  trade  "  retail  "  as  well   as 
"  wholesale."      Twenty    <ir    t\venty-l;\ 
I  am  informed,  th;-  m.-.iter  part  of  these  establish- 
ments   were    really    haberdashery    sways  ;    but  so 
the  lonipetition  in  the  trade,  so  keen 
-ire  "to  do  business,"  that  gradually,  and 

.  .iy  within   the-e   lour    or    live 
they  became  '*  all  kinds  of  swags." 

A    highly    respectable    draper    told    me   that   he 
mid  thoroughly  understand  where  I 

•i  slnrt- 
;     haberdashers    were  alway* 

• 
• 

v     i*    iinki 
.i.out  tiiiv  hal'erdanhery  swags 


114 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


resorted  to  by  street-sellers,  but  only  a  fifth  part 
of  them  make  the  trade  to  street-sellers  a  princi- 
pal, while  none  make  it  a  sole  feature  of  their 
business.  In  the  enumeration  of  the  fifty  haber- 
dashery "  swags,"  five  are  large  and  handsome 
shops  carried  on  by  "  cutting"  drapers.  Some  of 
these — one  in  the  borough,  especially — do  not 
"  serve  "  the  street-sellers,  except  at  certain  hours, 
generally  from  four  to  six. 

There  is  another  description  of  shops  from 
which  a  class  of  street  traders  derive  their  sup- 
plies of  stock.  These  are  the  "  print-brokers," 
who  sell  "gown-pieces'"  to  the  hawkers  or  street- 
traders.  Only  about  a  dozen  of  such  shops,  and 
those  principally  in  the  borough  and  in  Worm- 
wood-street, Bishopsgate,  are  frequented  by  the 
London  street-sellers.  One  man  showed  me  a 
draper's  shop,  at  which  hawkers  were  "  supplied," 
but  without  an  announcement  of  such  a  thing,  as 
it  might  affect  the  character  of  the  concern  for 
gentility.  The  gown-pieces  were  rolled  loosely 
together,  and  to  each  was  attached  a  ticket, 
2s.  lid.  or  3x.  lid.,  with  intermediate  prices,  but 
those  here  mentioned  were  the  most  frequent.  The 
lid.  was  in  pencil,  so  that  it  could  be  altered  at 
any  time,  without  the  expense  of  a  new  ticket 
being  incurred.  "That  one  marked  2*.  11  d." 
said  the  street-seller,  "  would  be  charged  to  me 
2s.2tJ.,  and  the  3*.  lid.  in  the  same  way  3*.  2d., 
or  I  might  get  it  at  3*.  If  those  gown-pieces  don't 
take — and  they  are  almost  as  thin  as  silver-paper, 
—they'll  be  marked  down  to  2^-.  2d.  and  3s.  2d., 
just  by  degrees,  as  you  see  them  shown  in  the 
window."  The  regular  "  print-brokers"  make  no 
display  in  their  windows  or  premises. 

The  "duffers"  and"  lumpers"  are  supplied  almost 
entirely  at  one  shop  in  the  east  end.  The  pro- 
prietor has  the  sham,  or  inferior,  silk  handkerchiefs 
manufactured  for  the  purpose ;  and  for  the  supply 
of  his  other  silk-goods,  he  purchases  any  silk 
"  miscoloured"  in  the  dyeing,  or  faded  from  time. 
"  A  faded  lavender,"  one  of  his  customers  told 
me,  "he'll  get  dyed  black,  and  made  to  look 
quite  new  and  fresh.  Sometimes  it 's  good  silk, 
but  it's  mostly  very  dicky."  This  tradesman  is 
also  a  retailer. 

Such  things  as  braces  and  garters  are  sold  to 
the  street  people  at  the  general  as  well  as  the 
haberdashery  swag-shops  ;  and  are  more  frequently 
sold  wholesale  than  other  goods ;  indeed  the 
general  swag-shop  keepers  sell  them  by  no  other 
way  ;  but  the  "  wholesale  haberdashers"  will  sell  a 
single  pair,  though  not,  of  course,  at  wholesale 
price.  Some  houses  again  supply  the  more  petty 
street- sellers,  solely  with  such  articles  as  are 
known  in  Manchester  by  the  name  of  small-ware, 
including  thread,  cotton,  tapes,  laces,  &c. 

OP  HAWKERS,  PEDLARS,  AND  PETTY  CHAPMEN. 

THE  machinery  for  the  distribution  of  commodities 
has,  in  this  and  in  all  other  "  progressive  "  coun- 
tries, necessarily  undergone  many  changes ;  but 
whether  these  changes  have  been  beneficial  to  the 
community,  or  not,  this  is  not  the  place  for  me  to 
iuuuire  .  all  I  have  to  do  here  is  to  set  forth  the  order 


of  such  changes,  and  to  show  the  position  that  the 
hawker  and  pedlar  formerly  occupied  in  the  state. 

The  "distributor"  of  the  produce  of  the  country 
is  necessarily  a  kind  of  go-between,  or  middleman, 
introduced  for  the  convenience  of  bringing  together 
the  producer  and  consumer — the  seller  and  the 
buyer  of  commodities.  The  producer  of  a  par- 
ticular commodity  being  generally  distinct  from 
the  consumer,  it  follows,  that  either  the  commodity 
must  be  carried  to  the  consumer,  or  the  consumer 
go  to  the  commodity.  To  save  time  and  trouble 
to  both  parties,  it  seems  to  have  been  originally 
arranged  that  producer  and  consumer  should  meet, 
periodically,  at  appointed  places.  Such  periodical 
meetings  of  buyers  and  sellers  still  exist  in  this 
and  many  other  countries,  and  are  termed  either 
fairs  or  markets,  according  as  they  are  held  at  long 
or  short  intervals— the  fair  being  generally  an 
annual  meeting,  and  the  market  a  weekly  one. 
In  the  olden  time  the  peculiar  characteristic  of 
these  commercial  congregations  was,  that  the  pro- 
ducer and  consumer  came  into  immediate  contact, 
without  the  intervention  of  any  middleman.  The 
fair  or  market  seemed  to  be  a  compromise  between 
the  two,  as  to  the  inconvenience  of  either  finding 
the  other  when  wanted.  The  producer  brought 
his  goods,  so  to  speak,  half  way  to  the  consumer, 
while  the  consumer  travelled  half  way  to  the 
goods.  "  There  would  be  a  great  waste  of  time 
and  trouble,"  says  Stewart  Mill,  "  and  an  incon- 
venience often  amounting  to  impracticability,  if 
consumers  could  only  obtain  the  article  they  want 
by  treating  directly  with  the  producers.  Both 
producers  and  consumers  are  too  much  scattered, 
and  the  latter  often  at  too  great  a  distance  from 
the  former." 

"  To  diminish  this  loss  of  time  and  labour," 
continues  Mr.  Mill,  "  the  contrivance  of  fairs  and 
markets  was  early  had  recourse  to,  where  con- 
sumers and  producers  might  periodically  meet, 
without  any  intermediate  agency ;  and  this  plau 
still  answers  tolerably  well  for  many  articles,  espe- 
cially agricultural  produce — agriculturists  having 
at  some  seasons  a  certain  quantity  of  spare  time  on 
their  hands.  But  even  in  this  case,  attendance  is 
often  very  troublesome  and  inconvenient  to  buyers 
who  have  other  occupations,  and  do  not  live  in  the 
immediate  vicinity ;  while,  for  all  articles  the  pro- 
duction of  which  requires  continuous  attention 
from  the  producers,  these  periodical  markets  must 
be  held  at  such  considerable  intervals,  and  the 
wants  of  the  consumers. must  either  be  provided 
for  so  long  beforehand,  or  must  remain  so  long 
unsupplied,  that  even  before  the  resources  of 
society  permitted  the  establishment  of  shops,  the 
supply  of  those  wants  fell  universally  into  the 
hands  of  itinerant  dealers,  the  pedlars  who 
might  appear  once  a  month,  being  preferred  to  the 
fair,  which  only  returned  once  a  year.  In  country 
districts,  remote  from  towns  or  large  villages,  the 
vocation  of  the  pedlar  is  not  yet  wholly  superseded. 
But  a  dealer  who  has  a  fixed  abode,  and  fixed 
customers,"  continues  Mr.  Mill,  "is  so  much  more 
to  be  depended  on,  that  customers  prefer  resort- 
ing to  him,  if  he  is  conveniently  accessible  ;  and 
d alers,  therefore,  find  their  advantage  in  esta- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


414 


blh,hing  themselves  in  every  locality  where  there 
are  sufficient  consumers  near  at  hand  to  afford 
them  remuneration." 

Thus  we  see  that  the  pedlar  was  the  original 
distributor  of  the  produce  of  the  country — the 
primitive  middleman,  as  well  as  the  prime  mover 
in  extending  the  markets  of  particular  localities,  or 
for  particular  commodities.  He  was,  as  it  were, 
the  first  "free-trader;"  increasing  the  facilities  for 
the  interchange  of  commodities,  without  regard  to 
market  dues  or  tolls,  and  carrying  the  natural 
advantages  of  particular  districts  to  remote  and 
less  favoured  places  ;  thus  enabling  each  locality 
to  produce  that  special  commodity  for  which  it 
had  the  greatest  natural  convenience,  and  ex- 
changing it  for  the  peculiar  produce  of  other  parts. 
Now,  this  extension  of  the  markets  necessarily 
involved  some  machinery  for  the  conveyance  of  the 
goods  from  one  district  to  another.  Hence,  the  ped- 
lar was  not  only  the  original  merchant,  but  the  pri- 
mitive carrier — to  whom,  perhaps,  we  owe  both  our 
turnpike-roads  and  railways.  For,  since  the  peculiar 
characteristic  of  the  pedlar  was  the  carrying  the 
produce  to  the  consumer,  rather  than  troubling  the 
consumer  to  go  after  the  produce,  of  course  it  soon 
became  necessary,  as  the  practice  increased,  and  in- 

:  quantities  of  goods  had  to  be  conveyed 
from  one  part  of  the  country  to  another,  that 
increased  facilities  of  transit  should  be  effected. 
The  first  chance  was  from  the  pack-man  to  the 
pack- WAV.-  for  the  former  a  foot- way  alone  was  re- 
quired ;  while  the  latter  necessitated  the  formation 
of  some  kind  of  a  road.  Some  of  these  ancient 
pack-horse  roads  existed  till  within  these  few 
Hagbush-lane,  which  was  described  by 
William  Hone  only  twenty  years  ago,  but  which 
has  now  vanished,  was  the  ancient  bridle  or  pack- 
horse  road  from  London  to  the  North,  and  ex- 
tended by  the  Holloway  back  road  as  far  as  the 
id,  near  Old-street.  "  Some  parts  of  Hag- 
bush-lane,"  says  Hone,  "  are  much  lower  than  the 
meadows  on  either  side."  At  one  time  a  terraced 
it  another  a  deep  rut,  the  pack-horse  road 
must  have  been  to  the  unaccustomed  traveller  a 
somewhat  perilous  pass.  The  historian  of  Craven, 
ipeaking  of  1609,  says,  "  At  this  time  the  com- 
munication between  the  north  of  England  and  the 

:  si  ties  was  kept  up  by  the  carriers,  who  pur- 
'•ir  long  but  uniform  route  with  trains  of 
pack-horses.     To  their  care  were  consigned  pack- 
ages, and  not  {infrequently  the  persons  of  young 

•  •>.      It  was  through  their  medium,  also,  that 
<•   was  managed  ;  and  as 

they  always  visited  London,  a  letter  could  scarcely 
be  exchanged  between  York-t 
less  time  than  a  month." 

was  established  bv  Act  of  Parliament  in  the  year 
1660,  and  all  letter*  wor«-  to  be-  *rnt  thron 
office,  "  except  such  letters  as  shall  be  - 
coaches,  common-known  carriers  of  poods  by  carts, 
waggons,  and    pack-horses,  and  shall   be  • 
•Jong  with  their  carts,  waggons,  and  pack  horns 
••fly." 

no  such  conveyance  an  a  wac/ 
this  country  says  Roderick  Random, 

t    the  last  century, 


j   "and   my  finances  were  too  weak  to   support  the 

j  expense  of  hiring  a  horse.     I  determined  therefore 

I   to  set  out  with    the  carriers,  who  transport  goods 

from  one  place  to  another  on  horseback  ;  and  this 

scheme  I  accordingly  put   in  execution  on  the  1st 

i  day  of  November,  1739,  sitting  on  a  pack-saddle 

i  between  two  baskets,  one  of  which  contained  my 

goods  in  a  knapsack.     But  by  the  time  we  arrived 

at  Newcastle-upon-Tyne,  I  was  so  fatigued  with 

the  tediousness  of  the   carriage,  and   benumbed 

with  the  coldness  of  the  weather,  that  I  resolved 

to  travel  the  rest  of  my  journey  on  foot,  rather 

than    proceed    in    such   a  disagreeable   manner." 

The  present  mode  of  travelling,  compared  with 

that  of  the  pack-horse  means  of  conveyance   as 

pursued  of  old,   forms  one  of  the  most  striking 

contrasts,  perhaps,  in  all  history. 

Hence  we  see  that  the  pedlar  was  originally 
both  carrier  and  seller ;  first  conveying  his  pack 
on  his  back,  and  then,  as  it  increased  in  bulk, 
transferring  it  to  the  back  of  "  the  pack-horse." 
But  as  soon  as  the  practice  of  conveying  the  com- 
modities to  the  buyers,  instead  of  compelling  the 
buyers  to  go  to  the  commodities,  was  found  to  be 
advantageous  to  both  consumer  and  producer,  it 
was  deemed  expedient  that  the  two  distinct  pro- 
cesses of  carriage  and  sale,  which  are  included  in 
the  distribution  of  commodities,  should  be  conducted 
by  distinct  persons,  and  hence  the  carrying  and 
selling  of  goods  became  separate  vocations  in  the 
State  ;  and  such  is  now  the  machinery  by  which  the 
commodities  of  different  parts  of  this  country,  as 
well  as  of  others,  are  at  present  diffused  over  the 
greater  portion  of  this  kingdom.  In  remote  districts 
however,  and  the  poorer  neighbourhoods  of  large 
towns,  where  there  are  either  too  few  consumers,  or 
too  few  commodities  required  now  to  support  a  fixed 
distributor  with  a  distinct  apparatus  of  transit,  the 
pedlar  still  continues  to  be  the  sole  means  of  dif- 
fusing the  produce  of  one  locality  among  the  in- 
habitants of  another ;  and  it  is  in  this  light — a? 
the  poor  man's  merchant — that  we  must  here  con- 
sider him. 

Among  the  more  ancient  of  the  trades,  then, 
carried  on  in  England  is  that  of  the  hawker  or 
pedlar.  It  is  generally  considered,  as  I  said  be- 
fore, that  hawking  "  is  as  ancient  a  mode  of  trade 
as  that  carried  on  in  fairs  and  markets,  towns  and 
villages,  as  well  as  at  the  castles  of  the  nobles  or 
the  cottages  of  their  retainers."  To  fix  the  origin 
of  fairs  is  impossible,  for.  in  ancient  and  ni. 
times,  e  >  necessarily  a  fair. 

A  hoin   it  is   no  violence  to  language   to  call 
"  hawkers"-  resorte.l  alike  to  tin-  Olympic  games 
and  to  the  festivals  of  the  early  Christian   saints, 
to  sell  or  barter  their  wares,      (if  our  Bngluh  fairs 
.  w     Dictionary  " — 

-  privileges  have  l.em   annexed    to  them, 
and  nnnieroti  :  nl<  d  to  the  disposal  of 

,  in  them.  To  give  them  a  greater  degree 
of  solemnity,  they  were  originally,  both  in  the 
ancient  n  world,  associated  with  rcli- 

gioM  festival ».     in  .   indeed,  they  are 

still  he-Id  on  the  same  day  with  the  wako  or  ffH.st 
of  the  saint  to  whom  the.hiirch  is  d«vli,  ated  ;  ami 
till  the  practice  was  prohibited,  it  was  cu 


41G 


LMiurn  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


n.  England  to  hold  them  in  churchyards.  This 
practice,  I  may  add,  was  not  fully  prohibited  until 
the  reign  of  Charles  II.,  although  it  had  long 
before  fallen  into  disuse.  Thus  the  connection 
between  church  and  market  is  shown  to  be  of  ve- 
nerable antiquity.'' 

The  hawker  dealt,  in  the  old  times,  more  in 
textile  fabrics  than  in  anything  else.  Indeed, 
Shakspere  has  dashed  off  ;i  catalogue  of  his 
wares,  in  the  song  of  A  nt"f  >/••».•<  : 

"  Lawn  a-i  white  as  ilrivi-n  snow, 
Cyprus  1)1; n- k  as  e'er  wa>  crow." 

In  the  reigns  succeeding  the  termination  of  the 
Wars  of  the  Roses,  and  down  to  the  Common- 
wealth, the  hawker's  pack  was  often  stocked  with 
costly  gond-  ;  tor  great  iragniticence  in  dress  was 
then  the  custom  of  the  wealthy,  and  even  the 

-'•s  on  public  occasions  wore  velvet,  fine 
cambric  ruffs,  and  furs.  The  hawker  was  thus 
often  a  man  of  Mibstance  and  frequently  travelled 
mi  holdback,  with  his  wares  slum:  in  bags  on  his 
horse's  side,  or  fitted  to  the  crupper  or  pummell  of 
his  saddle.  He  was  often,  moreover,  attended  by 
a  man,  both  for  help  in  his  sales,  and  protection 
in  travelling.  In  process  of  time  an  established 
hawker  became  the  medium  of  news  and  of  gossip, 
and  frequently  the  bearer  of  communications  from 
town  to  town.  His  pr  '  \>-]\  great,  but 

no  little  trust  seems  to  have  been  reposed  in  him 
as  to  the  quality  and  price  of  his  goods;  and,  until 
the  present  century  or  so,  slop  goods  were  little 
manufactured,  so  that  he  could  not  so  well  ptac- 

••pti-'iis.     Neither,  during  the  pros] 
the  trade,  does  it  appear  that  any  great  (!•  j 
di?honesty    characteri/ed    the    hawker,  though    to 
this   there   were    of   course  plenty  of  minor  ex- 
ceptions   as    well    as    one    glaring   contradiction. 
The   wreckers  of  our  southern  coasts,  who  some- 
times   became    possessed    of    rich    silks,    velvets, 

AC. —  (not  unfrequently  murdering  all  the 
mariners  cast  on  shore,  and  there  was  a  con- 
venient superstition  among  the  wreckers,  that  it 
was  unlucky  to  offer  help  to  a  drowning  man) 
— disposed  of  much  of  their  plunder  to  the 
hawkers  ;  and  as  communication  was  slow,  even 
down  to  Mr.  Palmer's  improvements  in  ti, 
Office  in  17S4,  the  goods  thus  rescued  from  the 
deep,  or  obtained  by  the  murder  of  the  marine;  s. 
were  disposed  of  even  before  the  loss  of  the  \essel 
was  known  at  her  destination  ;  for  we  are  told 
that  there  was  generally  a  hawker  awaiting  a 
wreck  on  the  most  dangerous  shores  of  Cornwall, 
Devon.  Dorset,  and  Sussex. 

1  hiring  the  last  century,  and  for  the  first  ten 
years  of  the  present,  the  hawker's  was  a  profitable 
calling.  He  usually  in  later  times  travelled  with 

Hid  covered  cart,  visiting  fairs,  markets,  and 
private  houses,  more  especially  in  the  country.  In 
some  p-.irts  the  calling  was  somewhat  hereditary, 
son  Mieceeding  to  father  after  having  officiated  as  his 
assistant,  and  so  becoming  known  to  the  customers. 
The  most  successful  of  the  class,  alike  on  both 
sides  of  the  border,  were  Scotchmen. 

In  IMd  the  prosperity  of  this  trade  experienced 
a  check.  In  that  year  "  every  hawker,  pedlar,  or 
lietty  chapman  going  from  town  to  town,  or  to 


other  men's  houses,  and  travelling  on  foot, carrying 
t>  sell  or  exposing  for  sale  any  goods  "  was  re- 
quired to  pay  a  yearly  licence  of  4/.,  with  an 
additional  4/.  for  every  horse,  ass,  or  mule,  used 
in  the  business.  Nothing,  however,  in  the  Act  in 
question,  50  Geo.  III.  c.  41,  as  I  have  before  in- 
timated, "  extended  to  prohibit "  the  hawking 
for  sale  of  '•  any  fish,  fruit,  or  victuals  "  without 
licence.  Neither  is  there  any  extension  of  the 
prohibition  to  the  unlicensed  workers  or  makers 
of  any  goods  or  wares,  or  their  children  or  ser- 
vants resident  with  them,  hawking  such 
and  selling  them  "in  every  city,  borough,  town 
corporate,  or  market  town,"  but  not  in  villages 
or  country  places.  "  Tinkers,  coopers,  glaziers, 
plumbers,  and  harness-menders,"  are  likewise  per- 
mitted to  carry  about  with  them  the  proper  mate- 
rials necessary  for  their  business,  no  licence  being 
necessary. 

The  passing  of  this  Act  did  not  materially 
check  the  fraudulent  practices  of  which  the  haw- 
kers were  accused,  and  of  which  a  portion  of  them 
were  doubtlessly  guilty;  indeed  some  of  the 
manufacturers,  whose  names  were  pirated  by  the 
hawkers,  were  of  opinion  that  the  licencing  for  ten 
or  twenty  years  facilitated  fraud,  as  many  people. 
both  in  London  and  the  country,  thought  they 

•e  in  dealing  with  a  "licensed"  hawker 
he  could  not  procure  a  licence  without  a  certifi- 
cate of  his  good  character  from  the  clergyman  of 
his  place  of  residence,  and  from  two  "  reputable 
inhabitants."  Linen  of  good  quality  used  to  be 
extensively  hawked,  but  from  1820  to  182.'',  or 
later  in  some  parts,  the  hawkers  got  to  deal  in  an 
inferior  quality,  "  unions  "  (a  mixture  of  linen 
and  cotton),  gla/.ed  and  stiffened,  and  set  off 
with  gaudy  labels  bearing  sometimes  the  name  of 
a  well-known  firm,  but  altered  in  spelling  or  other- 
;id  expressed  so  as  to  lead  to  the  belief  that 
such  a  firm  were  the  manufacturers  of  the  article. 
.I.-ws.  moreover,  as  we  have  seen,  travelled  in  all 
parts  with  inferior  watches  and  jewellery,  and 
sometimes  "  did  well"  by  persuading  the  pos 
of  old  solid  watches,  or  old  seals  or  jewellery,  that 
they  were  ridiculously  out  of  fashion,  and  so  in- 
ducing them  to  give  money  along  with  the  old 
watch  for  a  watch  or  other  article  of  the  newest 
fashion,  which  yet  was  intrinsically  valueless  com- 
pared with  the  other.  These  and  other  pr;. 
such  as  selling  inferior  lace  under  pretence  of  it-* 
having  been  smuggled  from  France,  and  of  the 
choicest  quality,  tended  to  bring  the  hawker's 
trade  into  disrepute,  and  the  disrepute  affected  tjie 
honest  men  in  the  business.  Some  sank  from 
the  possession  of  a  good  horse  and  cart  to  travelling 
on  foot,  as  of  yore,  forwarding  goods  from  place  to 
place  by  the  common  carriers,  and  some  relin- 
quished the  itinerant  trade  altogether.  The 
"  cutting"  and  pufh'ng  shopkeepers  appeared  next, 
and  at  once  undersold  the  "  slop  "  hawk, 
foiled  him  on  his  own  ground  of  pushing  ,,ff  inferior 
wares  for  the  best.  The  numbers  of  the  hawkers 
fell  off  considerably,  but  notwithstanding  I  find, 
in  the  last  census  tables  (1841).  the  1 
returns  as  to  the  numbers  of  "hawkers,  hn  • 
and  pedlars,"  distributed  throughout  Great  J>ri- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


417 


A  MI,\V  ix  KnsEMARY  LANE 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


419 


tain.     The  Government 
of  no  comparison   being 
numbers  and  those  of  an 

EVGLANn   AND   WALES. 

Bedford    79 
Berks               160 

returns,  however,  admit 
formed   between   these 
y  previous  time. 

Carmarthen      49 

Bucks                               129 

Denbigh     69 

Cambridge                       139 

Flint                             .      35 

t'hester                        .    362 

Cornwall         175 

Merioneth   25 

Derby           427 

Devon                              230 

Radnor          20 

Dorset      97 

Islands  in  the  British 
Seas              47 

Fssex       339 

624 
SCOTLAND. 
A  v  >rdeen           105 

Gloucester  437 
Hereford  44 

Hertford                          137 

Anrvlll                                 44 

Kent                                 284 

Ayr                 144 

Blanff                       •          33 

I  eicester                          292 

Berwick           41 

Lincoln                             435 

Bute                           •  .      17 

Middlesex    1597 
Monmouth      163 

Caithness        4 

Norfolk                            431 

Northampton  214 
Northumberland  426 

Edinburgh             401 

Elgin,  or  Moray    37 
Fife                        ••••      77 

Oxford                                94 

Rutlind                             23 

Forfar                               108 

Silop                                240 

Haddington                 .      54 

Somerset                          201 

Kincardine                         27 

Stafford                            472 

Kinross          9 

Suffolk.                               288 

Kirkcudbright                  46 

Surrey                             609 

Lanark             677 

Sussex                                238 

Warwick                          47G 

Nairn                 3 

Westmorland                    44 

Orkney  and  Shetland      10 
Peebles                   .  .         13 

Wilts                                 109 

Worcester                        247 

Perth  119 

rity  of  York     63 
East  Riding  of  York     200 
North  Riding                  187 

Renfrew                           107 

Ross  and  Cromarty  .  .      11 

West  Riding                 1039 

Selkirk                       .  .      18 

14,038 
WALKS. 
Anglesey  14 

Stirling  95 

Wigtown  3o 

2561 
1841,  there  were  of  these 

.  .   U.038 

Brecon                                63 

Thus  we  find  that,  in 
trades  in 

England 

Wiles                                                      624 

Scotland  2..VU 

Total  in  Great  I 

The  counties  in  which 
and  pedlars  most  abound 
caster  ;    2nd,  Middlesex 
Hiding);  4th,  Lanark;  ( 
What  rule,  if  any  rule 
these  "  hawkers,  huckste 
distinction  was  drawn  tx 
huckster,  I  am  unable  t 
that  the  number  of  "  licen 
onr-half  of  the  17,270;  f 
duty  realized   only  32,7 
waiving  the  amount  paic 
fc>r*es,  &c.,  the  official  re 
(ergons  paying  41.  each,  e 
fiawkers  in  1841. 
The  hawker's  business 
xtensively  in  coun 
•till  continues  fi  deal  in 

tritain  17,270 

the  hawkers,  hucksters, 
appear  to  be—  1st,  Lan- 
3rd,  Yorkshire  (West 
ind  5th,  Surrey, 
was  observed  in  classing 
rs,  and  pedlars,"  or  what 
'tween  a  hawker  and  a 
o  say,  but  it  is  certain 
s»-<l  hawkers"  was  within 
>r,  in  lyil,  tin*  hawkers' 
?2/.    gross  revenue,   and 
for  the  employment  of 
turn,  reckoning  so  many 
hows  only  8190  licensed 

has  been  prosecuted  far 
try  than  in  town,  but  he 
L>n<'oii. 

OP  THE   P;  fKMEN,   OR   HAWKERS  OP   ScPT 

WARES. 

THE  packman  as  he  is  termed,  derives  his  name 
from  carrying  his  merchandjse  or  pack  upon  his 
back.  These  itinerant  distributors  are  far  less 
numerous  thsa  they  were  twenty  or  twenty-five 
years  since.  A  few  years  since,  they  were  mostly 
Irishmen,  and  their  principal  merchandise,  Irish 
linens — a  fabric  not  so  generally  worn  now  as  it 
was  formerly. 

The  packmen  are  sometimes  called  Manchester- 
men.  These  are  the  men  whom  I  have  described 
as  the  sellers  of  shirtings,  sheetings,  &c.  One 
man,  who  was  lately  an  assistant  in  the  trade, 
could  reckon  twenty  men  who  were  possessed  of 
good  stocks,  good  connections,  and  who  had  saved 
money.  They  traded  in  an  honourable  manner, 
were  well  known,  and  much  respected.  The  ma- 
jority of  them  were  natives  of  the  north  of  Ire- 
land, and  two  had  been  linen  manufacturers.  It 
is  common,  indeed,  for  all  the  Irishmen  in  this 
trade  to  represent  themselves  as  having  been  con- 
nected with  the  linen  manufacture  in  Belfast. 

This  trade  is  now  becoming  almost  entirely  a 
country  trade.  There  are  at  present,  I  am  told, 
only  five  pursuing  it  in  London,  none  of  them 
having  a  very  extensive  connection,  so  that  only  a 
brief  notice  is  necessary.  Their  sale  is  of  both 
cottons  and  linens  for  shirts.  They  carry  them  in 
rolls  of  36  yards,  or  in  smaller  rolls,  each  of  a 
dozen  yards,  and  purchase  them  at  the  haber- 
dashery swag-shops,  at  from  9d.  to  18fZ.  a  yard. 
I  now  speak  of  good  articles.  Their  profits  are 
not  very  large — as  for  the  dozen  yards,  which 
cost  them  9s.,  they  often  have  a  difficulty  in  get 
ting  12s. — while  in  street-sale,  or  in  hawking 
from  house  to  house,  there  is  great  delay.  A  well- 
furnished  pack  weighs  about  one  cwt,  and  so 
necessitates  frequent  stoppages.  Cotton,  for  sheet- 
ings, is  sold  in  the  same  manner,  costing  the  ven- 
dors from  6d.  to  Is.  2>d.  a  yard. 

Of  the  tricks  of  the  trade,  and  of  the  tally 
system  of  one  of  these  chapmen,  I  had  the  fol- 
lowing account  from  a  man  who  had  been,  both  as 
principal  and  assistant,  a  travelling  packman,  but 
was  best  acquainted  with  the  trade  in  and  about 
London. 

"  My  master,"  he  said,  "  was  an  Irishman,  and 
told  everybody  he  had  been  a  manager  of  a  linen 
factory  in  Belfast.  I  believe  he  was  brought  up 
to  be  a  shoemaker,  and  was  never  in  the  north  of 
Ireland.  Anyhow,  he  was  very  shy  of  talking 
about  Irish  factories  to  Irish  gentlemen.  I  heard 
one  say  to  him,  '  Don't  tell  me,  you  have  the  Cork 
brogue.'  I  know  he  'd  got  some  knowledge  of 
linen  weaving  at  Dundee,  and  could  talk  about  it 
very  clever ;  indeed  he  was  a  clever  fellow. 
Sometimes,  to  hear  him  talk,  you  'd  think  he  was 
quite  a  religious  man,  and  at  others  that  he  was  a 
big  blackguard.  It  wasn't  drink  that  made  the 
(ii'li -n-iice,  for  he  was  no  drinker.  It's  a  great 
thing  on  a  round  to  got  a  man  or  woman  into  a 
cheerful  talk,  and  put  in  a  joke  or  two;  and  that 
he  c-'uild  dn,  to  rights.  I  had  12s.  a  week,  stand- 
ing wages,  from  him.  and  bits  of  commissions  oo 


420 


LONDON  LABOUR  ANT)  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


•ales  that  brought  me  from  3s.  to  5.*.  more.  He 
was  a  buyer  of  damaged  goods,  and  we  used  to 
'doctor*  them.  In  some  there  was  perhaps  da- 
mages by  two  or  three  threads  being  out  all  the 
Way,  go  the  manufacturers  wouldn't  send  them 
to  their  regular  customers.  Aly  master  pretended 
it  was  a  secret  where  he  got  them,  but,  lord,  I 
knew;  it  was  at  a  swag-shop.  We  used  to  cut  up 
these  in  twelves  (twelve  yards),  sometimes  kss  if 
they  was  very  bad,  and  take  a  Congreve,  and  just 
scorch  them  here  and  there,  where  the  flaws  was 
worst,  and  plaster  over  other  flaws  with  a  little 
flour  and  dust,  to  look  like  a  stain  from  street 
water  from  the  fire-engine.  Then  they  were  from 
the  stock  of  Mr.  Anybody,  the  great  draper,  that 
had  his  premises  burnt  down — in  Manchester  or 
Glasgow,  or  London — if  there'd  been  a  good  fire  at 
a  draper's — or  anywhere;  we  wasn't  particular. 
They  was  fine  or  strong  shirtings,  he  *d  say — and 
so  they  was,  the  sound  parts  of  them — and  he'd  sell 
as  cheap  as  common  calico.  I  've  heard  him  say, 
'  Why,  mann,  sure  marm,  with  your  eyes  and 
scissors  and  needle,  them  burns — ah  !  fire's  a  dread- 
ful judgment  on  a  man — isn't  the  least  morsel  of 
matter  in  life.  The  stains  is  cured  in  a  wash-tub 
in  no  time.  It's  only  touched  by  the  fire,  and 
you  can  humour  it,  I  know,  in  cutting  out  as  a 
shirt  ought  to  be  cut ;  it  should  be  as  carefully 
done  as  a  coat'  Then  we  had  an  Irish  linen,  an 
imitation,  you  know,  a  kind  of  '  Union,'  which  we 
call  double  twist.  It  is  made,  I  believe,  in 
Manchester,  and  is  a  mixture  of  linen  and  cotton. 
Some  of  it's  so  good  that  it  takes  a  judge  to  tell 
the  difference  between  it  and  real  Irish.  He  got 
some  beautiful  stuff  at  one  time,  and  once  sold  to 
a  fine-dressed  young  woman  in  Brnmptnn,  a  dozen 
yards,  at  '2*.  6d.  a  yard,  and  the  dozen  only  cost 
him  14s.  Then  we  did  something  on  tally,  but 
he  was  dropping  that  trade.  The  shopkeepers 
undersold  him.  '  If  you  get  601.  out  of  100J.,  in 
tally  scores,'  he  often  said,  '  it's  good  money,  and 
a  fair  living  profit;  but  he  got  far  more  than  that. 
What  was  worth  8s.  was  18s.  on  tally,  pay  Is.  a 
week.  He  did  most  that  way  with  the  masters  of 
coffee-shops  and  the  landlords  of  little  public- 
houses.  Sometimes,  if  they  couldn't  pay,  we  'd 
have  dinner,  and  that  went  to  account,  and  he  'd 
quarrel  with  me  after  it  for  what  was  my  share. 
There's  not  much  of  this  sort  of  trade  now,  sir. 
I  believe  my  old  master  got  his  money  together 
and  emigrated." 

"  Do  you  want  any  ginuine  Irish  linin,  ma'am  V 
uttered  in  unmistakable  brogue,  seemed  to  au- 
thenticate the  fact,  that  the  inquirer  (being  an 
Irishman)  in  all  likelihood  possessed  the  legitimate 
article;  but  as  to  their  obtaining  their  goods  from 
Coleraine  and  other  places  in  the  Emerald  Isle, 
famed  for  the  manufacture  of  linen,  it  was  and 
it  as  pure  fiction  as  the  Travels  of  Baron  Mun- 
chausen. 

The  majority  of  these  packmen  have  discon- 
tinued dealing  in  linens  exclusively,  and  have 
added  silks,  ladies'  dresses,  shawls  and  various 
articles  connected  with  the  drapery  business.  The 
country,  and  small  towns  and  villages,  remote 
from  the  neighbourhood  of  large  and  showy  shops, 


are  the  likeliest  markets  for  the  sale  of  their 
goods.  In  London  the  Irish  packmen  have  been 
completely  driven  out  by  the  Scotch  tallymen, 
who  indeed  arothe  only  class  of  packmen  likely  to 
succeed  in  London.  If  the  persevering  Scotch 
tallyman  can  but  set  foot  in  a  decent-looking 
residence,  and  be  permitted  to  display  his  tempt- 
ing finery  to  the  "lady  of  the  house,"  he 
generally  manages  to  talk  her  into  purchasing 
articles  that  perhaps  she  has  no  great  occasion 
for,  and  which  serve  often  to  involve  her  in  diffi- 
culties for  a  considerable  period- — causing  her  no 
little  perplexity,  and  requiring  much  artifice  to 
keep  the  tallyman's  weekly  visits  a  secret  from 
her  husband — to  say  nothing  of  paying  an  enor- 
mous price  for  the  goods;  for  the  many  risks 
which  the  tallyman  incurs,  necessitates  of  course 
an  exorbitant  rate  of  profit. 

"  The  number  of  packmen  or  hawkers  of  shawls, 
silks,  &c.,  I  think"  (says  one  of  their  own  body) 
"must  have  decreased  full  one-half  within  the  last 
few  years.  The  itinerant  haberdashery  trade  is 
far  from  the  profitable  business  that  it  used  to  be, 
and  not  unfrequently  do  I  travel  a  whole  day 
without  taking  a  shilling  :  still,  perhaps,  one  day 'a 
good  work  will  make  up  for  half  a  dozen  bad  ones. 
All  the  packmen  have  hawkers'  licences,  as  they 
have  mostly  too  valuable  a  stock  to  incur  the  risk 
of  losing  it  for  want  of  such  a  privilege.  Some  of 
the  fraternity"  (says  my  informant)  "do  not  alwajl 
deal  '  upon  the  square  ;'  they  profess  to  have  just 
come  from  India  or  China,  and  to  have  invested 
all  their  capital  in  silks  of  a  superior  description 
manufactured  in  those  countries,  and  to  have  got 
them  on  shore  '  unbeknown  to  the  Custom- 
house authorities.'  This  is  told  in  confidence  to 
the  servant-man  or  woman  who  opens  the  door — 
'  be  so  good  aa  tell  the  lady  as  much,'  says  the 
hawker,  '  for  really  I  'm  afraid  to  carry  the  goods 
much  longer,  and  I  have  already  sold  enough  to 
pay  me  well  enough  for  my  spec — go,  there  's  a 
good  girl,  tell  your  missus  I  have  splendid  goods, 
and  am  willing  almost  to  give  them  away,  and  if  we 
makes  a  deal  of  it,  why  I  don't  mind  giving  you  a 
handsome  present  for  yourself.'"  This  is  a  bait  not 
to  be  resisted.  Should  the  salesman  succeed  with 
the  mistress,  he  carries  out  his  promise  to  the 
maid  by  presenting  her  with  a  cap  ribbon,  or  a 
cheap  neckerchief. 

The  most  primitive  kind  of  packmen,  or  hawkers 
of  soft-wares,  who  still  form  part  of  the  distributing 
machinery  of  the  country,  traverse  the  highlands 
of  Scotland.  They  have  their  regular  rounds,  and 
regular  days  of  visiting  their  customers;  their 
arrival  is  looked  for  with  interest  by  the  country 
people  ;  and  the  inmates  of  the  farm-house  where 
they  locate  for  the  night  consider  themsel\ 
tunate  in  having  to  entertain  the  packman  ;  for  he 
is  their  newsmonger,  their  story-teller,  their  friend, 
and  their  acquaintance,  and  is  always  made  wel- 
come. His  wares  consist  of  hose — linsey  •• 
for  making  petticoats — muslins  for  caps — ribbons 
— an  assortment  of  needles,  pins,  and  netting-pi'* 
— and  all  sorts  of  small  wares.  He  always  tnv.els 
on  foot.  It  is  suspected  that  he  likewise  doe« 
a  little  in  the  "jigger  line,"  for  many  of  the*; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR.. 


421 


Highlanders  have,  or  are  supposed  to  have,  their 
illicit  distilleries ;  and  the  packmen  are  suspected 
of  trafficking  without  excise  interference.  Glasgow, 
Dundee,  Galashiels,  and  Hanvick  are  the  principal 
manufacturing  towns  where  the  packman  replen- 
ishes his  stock.  "  My  own  opinion,"  says  an 
informant  of  considerable  experience,  "  is  that 
these  men  seldom  grow  rich ;  but  the  prevailing 
idea  in  the  country  part  of  Scotland  is,  that  the 
pedlar  has  an  unco  lang  stockin  wi'  an  awfu' 
amount  o  goden  guineas  in  it,  and  that  his  pocket 
buik  is  plumped  out  wi'  a  thick  roll  of  bank 
notes.  Indeed  there  are  many  instances  upon 
record  of  poor  packmen  having  been  murdered — 
the  assassins,  doubtlessly,  expecting  a  rich  booty." 
It  scarcely  ever  costs  the  packman  of  Scotland 
anything  for  his  bed  and  board.  The  Highlanders 
are  a  most  hospitable  people  with  acquaintances — 
although  with  strangers  at  first  they  are  invariably 
shy  and  distant.  In  Ireland  there  is  also  the 
travelling  pedlar,  whose  habits  and  style  of  doing 
business  are  nearly  similar  to  that  of  the  Scotch- 
man. Some  of  the  packmen  of  Scotland  have 
risen  to  eminence  and  distinction.  A  quondam 
lord  provost  of  Glasgow,  a  gentleman  still  living, 
and  upon  whom  the  honour  of  knighthood  has 
been  conferred,  was,  according  to  common  report, 
in  his  earlier  days  a  packman  ;  and  rumour  also 
does  the  gentleman  the  credit  to  acknowledge  that 
he  is  not  ashamed  to  own  it. 

I  am  told  by  a  London  hawker  of  soft  goods,  or 
packman,  that  the  number  of  his  craft,  hawking 
London  and  its  vicinity,  as  far  as  he  can  judge,  is 
about  120  (the  census  of  1841  makes  the  London 
hawkers,  hucksters  and  pedlars  amount  to  2041). 
In  the  120  are  included  the  Irish  linen  hawkers.  I 
am  also  informed  that  the  fair  trader's  profits  amount 
to  about  20  per  cent,  while  those  of  the  not  over- 
particular trader  range  from  80  to  200  per  cent. 
In  a  fair  way  of  business  it  is  said  the  hawker's 
taking  will  amount,  upon  an  average,  to  11.  or  %l. 
per  week  ;  whereas  the  receipts  of  the  "duffer,"  or 
unfair  hawker,  will  sometimes  reach  to  501.  per 
week.  Many,  however,  travel  days,  and  do  not 
turn  a  penny. 

STATEMENT  OF  A  PACKXAJV. 

way  of  trading  of  a  travelling-pedlar  I  had 

the  following  account  from  one  of  the  body.     He 

was  well  dressed,  and  a  good  but  keen-looking 

man  of  about  thirty-five,  slim,  and  of  rather  short 

•tatnrr,  with  quick  dark  eyes  and  bushy  whiskers, 

on  which   it  was    evident  no  small  culture  wa» 

bestowed.     His  manners  were  far  from  obtrusive 

or  importunate  —  to   those  whom   he   sought  to 

Bake  customers— for  I   happened   to  witness  a 

-  proceedings  in  that  rcipoct ;  but  he 

tad  »  quiet  perseverance  with  him.  which,  along 

.  .and  something  like  deference, 

most  efficient  means  of  recommending 

•    to  the  maid-servants,  among  whom  Jay 

showed  a  little 

pride  of  ,-vrt  in  dr«crihing  t1  ••  management 
bonne. ».  bit  he  would  not  hear  that  he  "  pattered :" 
be  talked  to  nis  customers,  he  declared,  as  any 


draper,  who  knew  his  business  well,  might  talk 
to  his. 

When  I  saw  him,  his  pack,  which  he  carried 
slung  over  one  shoulder,  contained  a  few  gown- 
pieces  of  printed  cotton,  nearly  all  with  pink 
grounds;  a  few  shawls  of  different  sizes;  and 
three  rolls  firmly  packed,  each  with  a  card-label 
on  which  was  neatly  written,  "  French  Merino. 
Full  duty  paid.  A.B.— L.F.— 18  — 33  — 1851. 
French  Chocolate."  There  were  also  six  neat 
paper  packages,  two  marked  "  worked  collars," 
three,  "gauze  handkerchiefs,"  and  the  other 
"beautiful  child's  gros  de  naples."  The  latter 
consisted  of  4£  yards  of  black  silk,  sufficient  for 
a  child's  dress.  He  carried  with  him,  moreover, 
5  umbrellas,  one  inclosed  in  a  bright  glazed  cover, 
while  from  its  mother-of-pearl  handle  hung  a  card 
addressed — "  The  Lady's  Maid,  Victoria  Lodge, 
13*.  6d." 

"  This  is  a  very  small  stock,"  he  said,  "to  what 
I  generally  carry,  but  I  'm  going  on  a  country 
round  to-morrow,  and  I  want  to  get  through  it 
before  I  lay  in  a  new  one.  I  tell  people  that  I 
want  to  sell  off  my  goods  cheap,  as  they  're  too 
good  for  country  sale  ;  and  that 's  true,  the  better 
half  of  it." 

On  my  expressing  some  surprise  that  he  should 
be  leaving  London  at  this  particular  time,  he 
answered  :— 

"  I  go  into  the  country  because  I  think  all  the 
hawkers  will  be  making  for  town,  and  there  '11  be 
plenty  of  customers  left  in  the  country,  and  fewer 
to  sell  to  them  at  their  own  places.  That 's  my 
opinion." 

"  I  sell  to  women  of  all  sorts.  Smart-dressing 
servant-maids,  perhaps,  are  my  best  customers, 
especially  if  they  live  a  good  way  from  any  grand 
ticketing  shop.  I  sold  one  of  my  umbrellas  to  one 
of  them  just  before  you  spoke  to  me.  She  was 
standing  at  the  door,  and  I  saw  her  give  half  a 
glance  at  the  umbrellas,  and  so  I  offered  thorn. 
She  first  agreed  to  buy  a  very  nice  one  at  3*.  3<^. 
(which  should  have  been  4s.),  but  I  persuaded  her 
to  take  one  at  3s.  9d.  (which  should  have  been 
4s.  6d.).  '  Look  here,  ma'am,'  said  I,  '  this 
umbrella  is  much  bigger  you  see,  and  will  carry 
double,  so  when  you  're  coming  from  church  of  a 
wet  Sunday  evening,  a  friend  can  have  share  of 
it,  and  very  grateful  he  '11  be,  as  he  'a  sure  to  have 
his  best  hat  on.  There  's  been  many  a  question 
put  under  an  unitm-lla  that  way  that's  made  a 
young  lady  blush,  and  take  good  care  of  her  um- 
brella when  she  was  married,  and  had  a  house 
of  her  own.  I  look  sharp  after  the  young  and 
ladies,  Miss,  and  shall  at  long  as  I  'm  a 
<  >,'  sayi  she,  '  such  ridioJoui  non- 
seme.  But  I  'II  have  the  bigger  umbrella,  be- 
cause it's  often  so  windy  (bout  here,  and  th.-a 
one  must  have  a  good  oovrr  if  it  rains  as  well.' 

"That's  my  way,  sir.  I  don't  mind  tolling 
that,  because  they  do  the  same  in  the  shops.  I  've 
heard  t  ..•>•  can't  put  love  and  sweet- 

hearting  so  cleverly  .1  §hop  at  we  can 

in  a  qui.-t  house.  It  '•  that  I  go  for,  love  and 
•weet-hourtintf ;  and  I  always  speak  to  any  smart 
as  if  I  thought  she  was  the  mistress,  ,v  ai 


422 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


if  I  wasn't  sure  whether  she  was  the  mistress  or 
the  lady's-maid ;  three  times  out  of  four  she 's 
house-maid  or  maid  of  all  work.  I  call  her  '  ma'am,' 
and  '  young  lady,'  and  sometimes  'miss.'  It's  no 
use  offering  to  sell  until  a  maid  has  tidied  herself 
in  the  afternoon — not  a  bit.  I  should  make  a  capi- 
tal draper's  shopman,  I  know,  only  I  could  never 
bear  the  confinement.  I  never  will  hear  such 
words  as  *  I  don't  want  it,'  or,  '  nothing  more 
to-day,'  no  more  than  if  I  was  behind  a  counter. 

"  The  great  difficulty  I  have  is  to  get  a  chance 
of  offering  ray  goods.  If  I  ring  at  a  gate — for  I 
always  go  a  little  way  out  of  town — they  can  see 
who  it  is,  and  I  may  ring  half  an  hour  for  nothing. 
If  the  door's  opened  it 's  often  shut  again  directly, 
and  I  just  hear  *  bother.'  I  used  to  leave  a  few 
bills,  and  I  do  so  still  in  some  parts  of  the  country, 
with  a  list  of  goods,  and  'this  bill  to  be  called  for' 
printed  at  the  bottom.  But  I  haven't  done  that 
in  town  for  a  long  time ;  it 's  no  good.  People 
seem  to  think  it's  giving  double  trouble.  One 
of  the  prettiest  girls  I  ever  saw  where  I  called  one 
evening,  pointed — just  as  I  began  to  say,  '  I  left  a 
bill  and' — to  some  paper  round  a  candle  in  a 
•tick,  and  shut  the  door  laughing. 

41  In  selling  my  gown-pieces  I  say  they  are  such 
as  will  suit  the  complexion,  and  such  like ;  and  I 
always  use  my  judgment  in  saying  so.  Why 
shouldn't  I  )  It 's  the  same  to  me  what  colour  I 
Mil.  '  It 's  a  genteel  thing,  ma'am,'  I  '11  say  to  a 
servant-maid,  '  and  such  as  common  people  won't 
admire.  It 's  not  staring  enough  for  them.  I  'm 
sure  it  would  become  you,  ma'am,  and  is  very 
cheap ;  cheaper  than  you  could  buy  at  a  shop ;  for 
all  these  things  are  made  by  the  same  manufacturers, 
and  sold  to  the  wholesale  dealers  at  the  same  price, 
and  a  shopkeeper,  you  know,  has  his  young  men, 
and  taxes,  and  rates,  and  gas,  and  fine  windows  to 
pay  for,  and  I  haven't,  so  it  don't  want  much  judg- 
ment to  see  that  I  must  be  able  to  sell  cheaper 
than  shopkeepers,  and  I  think  your  own  taste, 
ma'am,  will  satisfy  you  that  these  here  are  elegant 
patterns.' 

"  That 's  the  way  I  go  on.  No  doubt  there 's 
others  do  the  same,  but  I  know  and  care  little 
about  them.  I  have  my  own  way  of  doing  busi- 
ness, and  never  trouble  myself  about  other  people's 
patter  or  nonsense. 

"  Now,  that  piece  of  silk  I  shall,  most  likely, 
sell  to  the  landlady  of  a  public-house,  where  I  see 
there  's  children.  I  shall  offer  it  after  I  've  got  a 
bit  of  dinner  there,  or  when  I  've  said  I  want  a 
bit.  It's  no  use  offering  it  there,  though,  if  it  isn't 
cheap;  they're  too  good  judges.  Innkeepers 
aren't  bad  customers,  I  think,  taking  it  alto- 
gether, to  such  as  me,  if  you  can  get  to  talk  to 
them,  as  you  sometimes  can  at  their  bars.  They're 
generally  wanting  something,  that 's  one  step.  I 
always  tell  them  that  they  ought  to  buy  of  men, 
in  my  way,  who  live  among  them,  and  not  of  fine 
shop-keepers,  who  never  came  a-near  their  houses. 
I  've  sold  them  both  cottons  and  linens,  after  such 
calk  as  that.  I  live  at  public-houses  in  the 
sountry.  I  sleep  nowhere  else. 

"  My  trade  in  town  is  nothing  to  what  it  was 
•en  or  a  dozen  yean  back.  I  don't  know  the 


reason  exactly.  I  think  so  many  threepenny 
busses  is  one ;  for  they  '11  take  any  servant,  when 
she 's  got  an  afternoon,  to  a  thoroughfare  full  of 
ticket-shops,  and  bring  her  back,  and  her  bundle 
of  purchases  too,  for  another  Zd.  I  shall  cut  it  alto- 
gether, I  think,  and  stick  to  the  country.  Why, 
I've  known  the  time  when  I  should  have  met  from 
half-a-dozen  to  a  dozen  people  trading  in  my  way 
in  town,  and  for  these  three  days,  and  dry  days  too, 
I  haven't  met  one.  My  way  of  trading  in  tho 
country  is  just  the  same  as  in  town.  I  go  from 
farm-house  to  farm-house,  or  call  at  gentlemen's 
grand  seats — if  a  man  's  known  to  the  servants 
there,  it  may  be  the  best  card  he  can  play — and  I 
call  at  every  likely  house  in  the  towns  or  vil- 
lages. I  only  go  to  a  house  and  sell  a  mistress  or 
maid  the  same  sort  of  goods  (a  little  cheaper, 
perhaps),  and  recommend  them  in  the  same  way, 
as  is  done  every  day  at  many  a  fine  city,  and 
borough,  and  West- End  shop.  I  never  say  they're 
part  of  a  bankrupt's  stock  ;  a  packfull  would  seem 
nothing  for  that.  I  never  pretend  that  they  're 
smuggled.  Mine 's  a  respectable  trade,  sir.  There 's 
been  so  much  dodging  that  way,  it 's  been  a  great 
stop  to  fair  trading ;  and  I  like  to  go  on  the  same 
round  more  than  once.  A  person  once  taken-in  by 
smuggled  handkerchiefs,  or  anything,  won't  deal 
with  a  hawker  again,  even  though  there 's  no 
deception.  But  'duffing/  and  all  that  is  going 
down  fast,  and  I  wish  it  was  gone  altogether.  I 
do  nothing  in  tally.  I  buy  my  goods ;  and  I  've 
bought  all  sorts,  in  wholesale  houses,  of  course, 
and  I  'd  rather  lay  out  ]  O/.  in  Manchester  than 
in  London.  0,  as  to  what  I  make,  I  can't  say  it's 
enough  to  keep  me  (I  've  only  myself),  and  escape 
the  income-tax.  Sometimes  I  make  10*.  a  week; 
sometimes  20s. ;  sometimes  30s. ;  and  I  have  made 
50*. ;  and  one  week,  the  best  I  ever  did,  I  made 
as  much  as  74$.  Qd.  That 's  all  I  can  say." 

Perhaps  it  may  be  sufficiently  accurate  to  com- 
pute the  average  weekly  earnings  of  a  smart 
trader  like  my  informant,  at  from  21*.  to  25*. 
in  London,  and  from  25.?.  to  30s.  in  the  country. 

OF  THB  TALLY  PACKMAN. 
THE  pedlar  tallyman  is  a  hawker  who  supplies 
his  customers  with  goods,  receiving  payment  by 
weekly  instalments,  and  derives  his  name  from 
the  tally  or  score  he  keeps  with  his  customers. 
Linen  drapery — or  at  least  the  general  routine 
of  linen-draper's  stock,  as  silk-mercery,  hosiery, 
woollen  cloths,  &c. — is  the  most  prevalent  trade 
of  the  tallyman.  There  are  a  few  shoemakers  and 
some  household  furniture  dealers  who  do  business 
in  the  tally  or  "  score "  system  ;  but  the  great 
majority  are  linen-drapers,  though  some  of  them 
sell  household  furniture  as  well  The  system  is 
generally  condemned  as  a  bad  one ;  as  leading 
to  improvidence  in  the  buyer  and  rapacity  in  th« 
seller.  There  are  many  who  have  incurred  a  tally 
debt,  and  have  never  been  able  to  "  get  a-head  of 
it,"  but  have  been  kept  poor  by  it  all  their  live* 
Some  few,  however,  may  have  been  benefited  bj 
the  system,  and  as  an  outfit  for  a  young  man  •» 
woman  entering  service  is  necessary — when  tne 
Darties  are  too  poor  to  pay  ready  money — it  is  an 


DOy  LABOUR  AND  THIS  LONDON  POOR. 


423 


accommodation.  I  have  never  heard  any  of  the 
tallyman's  customers  express  an  opinion  upon  the 
subject,  other  than  that  they  wish  they  had  done 
with  the  tallyman,  or  could  do  without  him. 

The  system  does  not  prevail  to  so  great  an 
extent  as  it  did  some  years  back.  The  pedlar  or 
hawking  tallyman  travels  for  orders,  and  conse- 
quently is  said  not  to  require  a  hawker's  licence. 
The  great  majority  of  the  tally-packmen  are 
Scotchmen.  The  children  who  are  set  to  watch 
the  arrival  of  the  tallyman,  and  apprise  the  mother 
of  his  approach,  when  not  convenient  to  pay, 
whisper  instead  of  '•  Mother,  here 's  the  Tallyman," 
"  Mother,  here  's  the  Scotchman."  These  men  live 
in  private  houses,  which  they  term  their  ware- 
house ;  they  are  many  of  them  proprietors  them- 
selves in  a  small  way,  and  conduct  the  whole  of 
their  business  unassisted.  Their  mode  of  doing 
business  is  as  follows  : — they  seldom  knock  at  a 
door  except  they  have  a  customer  upon  whom 
they  call  for  the  weekly  instalment,  but  if  a  re- 
spectable-looking female  happens  to  be  standing  at 
her  door,  she,  in  all  probability,  is  accosted  by  the 

nan,  "Do  you  require  anything  in  my 
way  to-day,  ma'am  ?  "  This  is  often  spoken  in 
broad  Scotch,  the  speaker  trying  to  make  it  sound 
as  much  like  English  as  possible.  Without  waiting 
for  a  reply,  he  then  runs  over  a  programme  of  the 
treasures  he  has  to  dispose  of,  emphasising  all  those 
articles  which  he  considers  likely  to  suit  the  taste  of 
the  person  he  addresses.  She  doesn't  want  perhaps 
any — she  has  no  money  to  spare  then.  "  She  may 
want  something  in  his  way  another  day,  may-be," 
says  the  tallyman.  "  Will  she  grant  him  permis- 
sion to  exhibit  some  beautiful  shawls — the  last  new 
fashion  ]  or  some  new  style  of  dress,  just  out,  and 
an  extraordinary  bargain  ?"  The  man's  impor- 
tunities, and  the  curiosity  of  the  lady,  introduces 
him  into  the  apartment, — an  acquaintance  is  called 
in  to  pass  her  opinion  upon  the  tallyman's  stock. 
Should  she  still  demur,  he  says,  "  0,  I  'm  sure 
your  husband  cannot  object — he  will  not  be  so 
unreasonable  ;  besides,  consider  the  easy  mode  of 
payment,  you  '11  only  have  to  pay  It.  6d.  a  week 

ry  pound's  worth  of  goods  you  take;  why 
ii  '•  like  nothing  ;  you  possess  yourself  of  respecta- 
ble clothing  and  pay  for  them  in  such  an  easy 
manner  that  you  never  miss  it;  well,  I  '11  call  next 
week.  I  shall  leave  you  this  paper."  The  paper 
left  is  a  blank  form  to  be  filled  up  by  the  husband, 
and  runs  thus  : — "  I  agree  on  behalf  of  my  wife 
to  pay,  by  weekly  instilments  of  It.Qd.  upon 

pound's  worth  of  good  she  may  purchase." 
Thii  proceed i ni;  is  cm.-  ~*ary  by  the 

tallymen,  a«  the  judges  in  the  Court  of   ! 
mow  so  frequently  decide  against  him,  where  the 
husband  is  not  cognisant  of  the.  transaction. 

ries    being    settled,   and    the 

.  ing   been  asked  what   business  the 

husband  is — where  he  works— and  (if  it  can  be 

re)  what  are  his  wages?   The 

iman  takes  stock  of  thn  furniture,  \ 
value  of  what  the  room  contains  gives  him  a  suffi- 

n  to  the  nearest  chandler's 
•hop,  and  there  as  blandly  as  possible  he 


nto  the  credit,  &c.,  of  Mr.  -  .  If  he  deal,  how- 
ever, with  the  chandler,  the  tallyman  accounts  it 
a  bad  omen,  as  people  in  easy  circumstances  sel- 
dom resort  to  such  places.  "  It  is  unpleasant  t9 
me,"  he  says  to  the  chandler,  "  making  these  in- 
quiries ;  "  but  Mrs.  -  wishes  to  open  an  ac- 
count with  me,  ai.d  I  should  like  to  oblige  them 
if  I  thought  my  money  was  safe."  "  Do  you 
trust  them,  and  what  sort  of  payers  are  they  ?  " 
According  to  the  reply  —  the  tallyman  determines 
upon  his  course.  But  he  rarely  stops  here  ;  he 
makes  inquiries  also  at  the  greengrocer's,  the  beer 
shop,  &c. 

The  persons  who  connect  themselves  with  the 
tallyman,  little  know  the  inquisition  they  subject 
themselves  to. 

When  the  tallyman  obtains  a  customer  who 
pays  regularly,  he  is  as  importunate  for  her 
to  recommend  him  another  customer,  as  he 
originally  was  to  obtain  her  custom.  Some  tal- 
lymen who  keep  shops  have  "travellers"  in 
their  employ,  some  of  whom  have  salaries,  while 
others  receive  a  percentage  upon  all  payments, 
and  do  not  suffer  any  loss  upon  bad  debts.  Not- 
withstanding the  caution  of  the  tallyman,  he  is 
frequently  "  victimised."  Many  pawn  the  goods 
directly  they  have  obtained  them,  and  in  some 
instances  spend  the  money  in  drink.  Their  many 
losses,  as  a  matter  of  course,  somebody  must 
make  good.  It  therefore  becomes  necessary  for 
them  to  charge  a  higher  price  for  their  commo- 
dities than  the  regular  trader. 

However  charitably  inclined  the  tallyman  mar 
be  at  first,  he  soon  becomes,  I  am  told,  inured  tr 
scenes  of  misery,  while  the  sole  feeling  in  his  mind 
at  length  is,  "  I  will  have  my  money  ;  "  for  he  is 
often  tricked,  and  in  some  cases  most  impudently 
victimised.  I  am  told  by  a  tallyman  that  he  once 
supplied  goods  to  the  amount  of  2£,  and  when 
he  called  for  the  first  instalment,  the  woman  said 
she  didn't  intend  to  pay,  the  goods  didn't  suit  her, 
and  she  would  return  them.  The  tallyman  ex- 
pressed his  willingness  to  receive  them  back, 
whereupon  she  presented  him  a  pawnbroker's 
duplicate.  She  had  pledged  them  an  hour  after 
obtaining  them.  This  was  done  in  a  court  in  the 
presence  of  a  doien  women,  who  all  chuckled 
with  delight  at  the  joke. 

The  principal   portion    of  the  tallyman's  cus- 
tomers are  poor  mechanics.     When  the  app. 
of  the  house,  and  the  inquiries  out  of  doors  are 
approved  of,  no  security  is  required  ;  but  the  tal- 
lyman would  at  all  times  rather  add  a  security, 
when    attainable.      Senrant  girls  who   deal    nth 
tallymen  must  find  the  security  of  a  house, 
and  when  such  housekeeper  agree?  • 
sible  for  the  payments,  the  sam  ,|  pro- 

ceedings are  adopted,   in  order   to  ascertain   thn 
-tancps  of  the   surety.      There   are  about 
rapery  shops  in   London  when-  the  tally- 
trade  is  carried  on;  and  about  20" 
betides  fifty  others  (part  English,  part  Irish),  ar# 
engaged  in  the  tr.  ,,f  a  tally 

the  West-end,  informs  me  that  there  aiw  t 
lectors  and  canr^ssera  for  enitoaets,  out  MK 


from   that  one 


t;    and    that. 


424 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


lately,  they  were  accustomed  to  collect  moneys  on 
Sundays.  Some  collect  as  much  as  121.  or  141.  a 
day;  and  some  not  more  than  2£.  or  3J.  The 
average  sum  collected  may  be  about  51.  each,  or 
501.  per  day  by  the  whole.  The  profits  are  30 
per  cent.,  the  bad  debts  10  per  cent.,  thus  leaving 
20  per  cent.  net. 

The  Scotchman  who  does  not  choose  to  extend 
his  business  beyond  his  own  cautious  superin- 
tendence, is  content  with  smaller  profits,  perhaps 
20  per  cent.,  and  his  bad  debts  may  be  estimated 
at  2£  per  cent.  One  of  the  body  informed  me 
that  he  had  been  in  the  tally-trade  about  five 
years ;  that  he  commenced  with  a  capital  of  only 
101. ,  and  that  now  hia  collections  average  30£.  per 
week.  He  never  bought,  he  said,  on  credit ;  and 
his  stock  on  hand  is  worth  nearly  2001.  cost  price, 
while  his  outstanding  debts  are  nearly  200/.  also. 
"  This  is  a  flourishing  state  of  affairs,"  he  re- 
marked ;  "  I  do  not  owe  a  penny  in  the  world, 
and  I  have  accomplished  all  this  in  little  less  than 
five  years."  This  man  had  served  his  apprentice- 
ship to  a  draper  in  Glasgow,  and  had  originally 
arrived  in  London  with  201.  in  his  pocket.  After 
some  weeks'  fruitless  endeavour  to  obtain  a  situ- 
ation, his  money  dwindling  away  the  while,  he 
was  advised,  by  a  fellow-countryman,  who  was  a 
tallyman,  to  try  the  tally-trade.  For  a  few  days 
previous  to  adopting  the  business,  he  went  the 
"  rounds  "  with  his  friend,  for  the  purpose  of  get- 
ting initiated,  and  the  week  after  started  on 
his  own  account.  Notwithstanding  his  having  no 
hawker's  licence,  he  tried  to  effect  sales  for  ready 
money,  and,  to  a  trifling  extent,  succeeded.  The 
first  week  he  obtained  three  tally  customers.  He 
could  have  got,  he  said,  a  dozen  ;  but  he  selected 
three  whom  he  considered  good,  and  he  was  not 
deceived,  for  they  continued  to  be  customers  of  his 
to  this  day.  The  amount  of  goods  that  each  of 
these  took  of  him  was  20*. ;  and  the  three  instal- 
ments of  Is.  6d.  each  (4*.  6d.  per  week)  the  tally- 
man determined  to  subsist  upon,  though  his  lodg- 
ing and  washing  cost  him  2s.  per  week.  He 
lived  principally  upon  "  parritch  "  and  skim  milk, 
indulging  now  and  then  in  the  luxury  of  a  herring 
and  a  few  potatoes.  In  twelve  weeks  he  had 
added  only  one  more  credit  customer  to  his  books. 
He  had  hawked  for  ready  money,  and  had  suc- 
ceeded so  far  as  to  increase  his  stock  to  15/.  in 
value.  His  first  three  customers  had,  by  this 
time,  paid  their  accounts,  and  again  patronized  him. 
In  the  course  of  a  little  time  his  fourth  customer 
had  also  paid  up,  and  had  another  supply  of 
goods ;  he  then  added  two  more  tally  customers, 
and  commenced  indulging  (though  very  seldom)  in  a 
mutton  chop.  He  progressed  slowly,  and  is  now 
in  flourishing  circumstances.  He  states  that  he 
has  met  with  only  one  loss  during  his  connection 
with  the  tally-trade,  and  that  but  a  trifling  one. 
It  is  those  who  wish  to  drive  a  very  extensive 
business,  he  says,  who  are  principally  victimised. 
The  most  industrious  of  the  packmen  tallymen 
seldom  travel  less  than  twenty  miles  a  day,  car- 
rying a  burthen  upon  their  backs  of  from  100 
to  1201b«.  They  used  to  carry  merely  patterns 
to  their  customers,  but  they  find  that  the  full- 


length  article  is  more  likely  to  secure  purchasers 
and  customers.  Those  who  keep  shops  do  not 
carry  goods  with  them ;  the  would-be  customer  is 
invited  to  the  shop. 

The  best  day  for  business  in  the  tally-trade  ii 
Monday,  and  most  of  these  shops  upon  that  day 
are  crowded.  Sometimes  an  unsolicited  customer 
(mostly  a  female)  presents  herself,  and  wishes  to 
be  supplied  with  goods  on  tally.  "  Who  recom- 
mended you?"  inquires  the  tallyman.  "Oh, 

Mrs. ,  sir,  a  customer  of  yours."  "  Ah  I 

indeed,  very  much  obliged  to  Mrs. ,"  is  the 

answer.  The  articles  required  are  shown,  selected, 
and  cut.  The  new  customer  is  treated  most  civilly 
by  the  tallyman,  who  further  inquires  her  came 
and  abode.  The  purchaser,  of  course,  expects  the 
next  process  will  be  to  deliver  up  the  pBrcel  to 
her,  when  she  is  informed  that  they  "  will  send  it 
home  for  her."  "Oh,"  she  replies,  "I  won't 
trouble  you,  I  can  carry  it  myself."  "  Our  rule, 
ma'am,"  returns  the  tallyman,  "  is  always  to  send 
parcels  home.  We  certainly  cannot  doubt  your 
respectability,  but  we  never  deviate  from  our  prac- 
tice." The  disappointed  female  departs,  and  if 
the  inquiries  do  not  prove  satisfactory,  she  never 
hears  further  from  the  tallyman.  The  goods  which 
she  selected,  and  which  were  cut  expressly  for  her, 
find  their  way  to  the  shelves  of  the  establishment. 
If,  however,  a  good  customer  accompanies  a  friend 
whom  she  wishes  to  recommend,  the  parcels  are 
delivered  when  purchased,  if  required.  The  tally- 
man (to  good  customers)  often  extends  his  civili- 
ties to  a  glass  of  wine ;  or,  if  the  "  Ladies  "  prefer 
it  (which  it  must  be  confessed  they  mostly  do),  a 
glass  of  gin. 

There  is  another  class  of  tallymen  who  sell 
clocks,  receiving  payment  by  weekly  instalments. 
These  are  content  with  an  instalment  of  Is.  in 
the  pound  per  week.  They  are  principally 
Germans  who  can  speak  English.  Their  pro- 
ceedings altogether  are  similar  to  the  tally  linen- 
draper. 

I  have  given  the  rise  and  progress  of  a  Scotch 
tallyman,  and  will  now  relate  the  downfall  of 
another — an  Englishman.  He  commenced  a  tally- 
shop  in  the  neighbourhood  of ,  and  was 

carrying  on  a  prosperous  and  daily  increasing 
trade.  At  one  time,  a  bill  in  the  shop  window 
announced  that  an  errand  boy  was  wanted — an 
applicant  soon  presented  himself — was  engaged, 
and  proved  a  steady  lad.  In  the  course  of  a  few 
weeks,  this  youth  was  promoted  to  the  office  of 
serving  in  the  shop,  and  afterwards  became  col- 
lecting clerk.  "  George,"  said  his  master  one  day, 
"  we  have  three  days  in  the  week  unemployed ; 
suppose  you  try  and  form  a  connection  around 
Finchley,  Highgate,  Hampstead,  and  that  neigh- 
bourhood." George  was  quite  willing  to  make 
the  experiment,  and  succeeded  beyond  expecta- 
tion. The  country  connection  soon  surpassed  the 
town  trade;  and  George,  the  errand  boy,  became 
a  man  of  some  consequence  in  the  establishment 
The  principal  of  the  firm  was  what  is  termed 
"gay."  He  was  particularly  fond  of  attending 
public  entertainments.  He  sported  a  little  M 
well,  and  delighted  in  horse-racing.  Hi«  busing 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


425 


though  an  excellent  one,  was  neglected  ;  the 
books  got  out  of  order;  and  he  became  in- 
volved in  difficulties.  An  examination  of  his 

affairs  took  place  ;  and  a  Mr.  R was  engaged 

from  a  wholesale  house  in  the  city  to  assist  in 
making  up  the  accounts,  &c.  During  this  per- 
son's sojourn  in  the  shop,  he  saw  that  George  (the 
quondam  errand  boy)  was  the  chief  support  of  the 
concern.  The  country  customers  had  never  seen 
any  other  person,  and  a  partnership  was  proposed. 

The  proposal  was  accepted,  and  the  firm  R 

and  W became  one  of  the  most  prosperous 

tally-shops  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Tottenham- 
court-road.  George's  master  was  made  bankrupt, 
and  is  now  a  street-seller  in  Fitzroy-market — 
vending  sandwiches,  &c. 

The  caaes  are  not  a  few  where  ruin  has  followed 
a  connection  with  the  tallymen.  I  will  par- 
ticularize one  instance  related  to  me  on  good 
authority.  A  lawyer's  clerk  married,  when  young, 
a  milliner;  his  salary  was  a  guinea  per  week,  and 
he  and  his  wife  had  agreed  to  "  get  on  in  the 
world."  They  occupied  furnished  lodgings  at 
first,  but  soon  accumulated  furniture  of  their  own, 
and  every  week  added  some  little  useful  article 
towards  their  household  stock.  "  At  the  end  of 
a  year,''  said  the  individual  in  question,  "  I  had 
as  comfortable  a  little  home  as  any  man  would 
wish  to  possess;  I  was  fond  of  it  too,  and  would 
rather  have  been  there  than  anywhere  else.  My 
wife  frequently  wished  to  obtain  credit;  'it  would 
be  so  easy,'  said  she,  'to  pay  a  trifling  instal- 

•nt,  and  then  we  could  obtain  immediately  what- 
ever we  might  want.'     I  objected,  and  preferred 
supplying  our  wants  gradually,  knowing  that  for 
money  I  couV  purchase  to  much  better  ad- 
Consequently  we  still  kept  progressing, 
and  I  was  really  happy.     Judge  my  astonishment 
one  day,  when  I  came  home,  and  found  an  execu- 
te in  the  bouse.     My  wife  had  run  in  debt 
with  the  tallyman  unknown  to  me.     Summonses 
had  been  served,  which  by  some  means  she  had 
concealed  from  me.   The  goods  which  I  had  taken 
so  much  pains  to  procure  were  seized  and  sold. 
lint  this  was  not  all.     My  wife  grew  so  much 
alarmed  at  the  misery  she  had  caused  that  she 
m  me,  and  I  have  never  seen  her  but  once 
This  occurred  seven  years  ago,  and  she 
has  been  for  some  time  the  companion  of  those 
who  hold  their  virtue  of  little  worth.     For  some 
::•  T  this  I  can-d  nut  what  became  of  me;  I 
nid  t-unk  to  be  a  supernumerary 
f<>r   la.  a   night  at  one  of  the  theatres.     Here, 
after    t»>ing  entrusted  with   a    line    to    speak,    I 
•Tentually  rose  to  a  'general  utility  man,'  at  12*. 
With  this  and  some  copying,  that  I 
occasionally  obtain    from     tin-    law-stationers,     I 
•uuuige  to  1  fr-in  comfortably, 

iiink  of  saving  now,  and  only  look  out  for 
copying  when  I  stand  in  need  of  more  i 

ilways  poor,  and  scarcely  ever  hare  a  shil- 
ling to  call  ITU 

Some  of  the  principal  establishment*,  "  doing 

krgrls  v  trade,  are  in  or  about  Bed 

iiare  and  street,  the  higher  part  of  Ilii/h 

Holborn,    the    vicinity   of    Tottenham-conrt-road, 


the  Blackfriars,  Waterloo,  Westminster,  St. 
George's,  Walworth,  New  Kent,  and  Dover 
roads. 

At  some  of  these  tally-shops  horses  and  carts 
are  kept  to  carry  out  the  goods  ordered  of  the 
"  travellers,"  especially  when  furniture  is  supplied 
as  well  as  drapery ;  while  in  others  the  "  travel- 
lers" are  resident  on  the  premises,  and  are  occa- 
sionally shopmen,  for  a  "  large"  tally-master  not 
unfrequently  carries  on  a  retail  trade  in  addition 
to  his  tally-business. 

The  tallymen  not  concerned  with  these  large 
establishments,  but  carrying  on  trade  on  their  own 
account,  reside  generally  in  the  quieter  streets  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  the  thoroughfares  I  have 
mentioned,  and  occupy  perhaps  the  ground-floor, 
letting  (for  the  house  is  generally  their  own)  the 
other  apartments.  Sometimes  a  piece  of  cotton- 
print  is  placed  in  their  parlour-window,  and  some- 
times there  is  no  indication  whatever  of  any 
business  being  carried  on  within,  for  the  hawking 
tallymen  do  not  depend  in  any  measure  upon 
situation  or  display,  but  solely  on  travelling  and 
personal  solicitations  at  people's  own  residences. 

OF  THE  " DUFFERS"  OR  HAWKERS  OF  PRETENDED 

SMUGGLED  GOODS. 

OF  "  duffers"  and  "  lumpers,"  as  regards  the  sa'e 
of  textile  fabrics,  there  are  generally,  I  am  in- 
formed, about  twenty  in  London.  At  such  times  as 
Epsom,  Ascot-heath,  or  Goodwood  races,  however, 
there  is,  perhaps,  not  one.  All  have  departed  to 
prey,  if  possible,  upon  the  countrymen.  Eight  of 
them  are  Jews,  and  the  majority  of  the  others  are 
Irishmen.  They  are  generally  dressed  as  sailors, 
and  some  wear  either  fur  caps,  or  cloth  ones,  with 
gilt  bands  round  them,  as  if  they  were  the  mates 
or  stewards  of  ships.  They  look  out  for  any 
likely  victim  at  public-houses,  and  sometimes  accost 
persons  in  the  streets — first  looking  carefully  abou* 
them,  and  hint  that  they  are  smugglers,  and  have 
the  finest  and  cheapest  "Injy"  handkerchiefs  ever 
seen.  These  goods  are  now  sold  in  "  pieces  "  of 
three  handkerchiefs.  When  times  were  better,  I 
was  told,  they  were  in  pieces  of  four,  five,  and  six. 
One  street-seller  said  to  me,  "  Yes,  I  know  the 
'duffers;'  all  of  them.  They  do  more  business 
than  you  might  think.  Everybody  likes  a  smug- 
gled thing;  and  I  should  say  these  men,  c;u  h  of 
the  'duffers,'  tops  his  II.  a  week,  clear  profit."  I 
am  assured  that  one  of  the  classes  most  numerously 
victimised  is  a  body  who  generally  account  them- 

pretty  sharp,  viz.  gentlemen's  croouis,  and 
coachmen  at  the  several  mews.  Sailors  are  the 
best  customers,  and  the  \k-inity  of  the  docks  the 
best  l.K-.-ility  for  this  trade;  for  the  hawker  of 
pretended  smuggled  goods  always  does  most 
business  among  the  "  tars."  The  mock  handker- 
chiefs are  damped  carefully  with  a  • 
before  they  are  offered  for  sale  ;  and  they  art 
often  strongly  •<  me  of  the  Jews  Mijijily- 

H>  |MTtimien.  or  common  "went.-*."  When 
the  "duffer"  think*  In;  may  venture  upon  the  asser- 
tion, he  assures  a  customer  that  this  is  "  the  smell 
the  handkerchiefs  i  t  rei^» 

parts,  as  they  was  smuggled  in  a  bale  of  spin  •  1* 


420 


LONDON  LAROUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  trade  however  is  not  without  its  hazards  ;  for 
I  am  informed  that  the  "duffers"  sometimes,  on 
attempting  their  impositions  imprudently,  and 
sometimes  on  being  discovered  before  they  can 
leave  the  house,  get  soundly  thrashed.  They 
have,  of  course,  no  remedy. 

The  "pieces"  of  three  handkerchiefs  sold 
by  the  "duffers"  are  purchased  by  them  in 
Houndsditch,  at  from  85.  to  7s. ;  but  7*.  is  only 
given  when  there  is  a  design  to  palm  off  the  3s. 
goods  along  with  them.  Cent,  per  cent,  is  a  low 
profit  in  this  trade. 

One  intelligent  street-trader,  to  whom  I  am 
indebted  for  carefully-considered  information,  said 
to  me  very  quietly  :  "  I  've  read  your  work,  sir, 
at  a  coffee-shop ;  for  I  can't  afford  to  take  it  in. 
I  know  you're  going  to  open  the  eyes  of  the 
public  as  to  the  '  duffer's '  tricks,  now.  All 
right,  sir,  they're  in  honest  men's  ways.  But, 
sir,  when  are  you  going  to  say  something  about 
the  rich  shopkeepers  as  sells,  and  the  rich  manu- 
facturers as  makes,  the  'duffer's'  things'?  Every 
man  of  them  knows  it 's  for  roguery." 

There  is  a  peculiar  style  among  the  "  duffers  ;" 
they  never  fold  their  goods  neatly — the  same  as 
drapers  do,  but  thrust  them  into  the  pack,  in  a 
confused  heap,  as  if  they  did  not  understand  their 
value — or  their  business.  There  are  other  classes 
of  "duffers"  whose  calling  is  rathermore  hazardous 
than  the  licensed-hawker  "  duffer."  "  I  have  often 
thought  it  strange,"  says  a  correspondent,  "that 
these  men  could  induce  any  one  to  credit  the 
fact  of  their  being  sailors,  for,  notwithstanding 
the  showy  manner  in  which  they  chew  their  quid, 
and  the  jack-tar  like  fashion  in  which  they  suffer 
their  whiskers  to  grow,  there  is  such  a  fresh- 
waterfied  appearance  about  them,  that  they  look 
no  more  like  a  regular  mariner  than  the  supernu- 
merary seamen  in  a  nautical  drama,  at  the  Victoria 
Theatre.  Yet  they  obtain  victims  readily.  Their 
mode  of  proceeding  in  the  streets  is  to  accost  their 
intended  dupes,  while  walking  by  their  side ;  they 
usually  speak  in  a  half  whisper,  as  they  keep 
pace  with  them,  and  look  mysteriously  around  to 
see  if  there  be  any  of  '  them  ere  Custom-house 
sharks  afloat.'  They  address  the  simple-looking 
passers  by  thus:  'Shipmate'  (here  they  take  off 
their  fur-cap  and  spit  their  quid  into  it) — '  ship- 
mate, I  've  just  come  ashore  arter  a  long  voyage — 
and  splice  me  but  I  've  something  in  the  locker 
that  '11  be  of  service  to  you ;  and,  shiver  my  tim- 
bers' (they  are  very  profuse  in  nautical  terms), '  you 
shall  have  it  at  your  own  price,  for  I'm  determined 
to  have  a  spree,  and  I  haven't  a  shot  in  the 
locker;  helm's  a-lee;  just  let's  turn  into  this 
creek, and  I  '11  show  you  what  it  is'  (perhaps  he  per- 
suades his  dupe  down  a  court,  or  to  a  neighbouring 
public-house).  '  Now  here  is  a  beautiful  piece  of 
Jngy  handkerchiefs.'  (They  are  the  coarsest  descrip- 
tion of  spun  not  thrown  silk,  well  stiffened  into 
stoutness,  and  cost  the  "  duffer"  perhaps  I5d.  each ; 
but  as  business  is  always  done  on  the  sly,  in  a  hurry, 
and  to  escape  observation,  an  examinatio :  seldom 
or  never  takes  place).  '  I  got  'em  on  snore  in 
epite  of  those  pirates,  the  Custom-house  officers. 
You  shaL  have  'em  cheap,  there 's  half  a  doaen  on 


'em,  they  cost  me  30.?.  at  Madras,  you  shall  havo 
'em  for  the  same  money.'  (The  victim,  may  be, 
is  not  inclined  to  purchase.  The  pretended  tar, 
however,  must  have  money.)  'Will  you  give  me  25*. 
for  them?'  he  says;  'd — n  it,  a  pound?  Shiver 
my  topsails,  you  don't  want  them  any  cheaper  than 
that,  do  you!'  The  'duffer'  says  this  to  make 
his  dupe  believe  that  he  really  does  want  the 
goods,  or  has  offered  a  price  for  them.  Perhaps 
if  the  'duffer'  cannot  extort  more  he  takes  10s. 
for  the  half  dozen  '  Ingy'  handkerchiefs,  the  profit 
being  thus  about  2s.  Qd. ;  but  more  frequently  he 
gets  100  and  even  200  per  cent,  on  his  transactions 
according  to  the  gullibility  of  his  customers.  The 
'  duffer '  deals  also  in  cigars ;  he  accosts  his  vic- 
tim in  the  same  style  as  when  selling  handker- 
chiefs, and  gives  himself  the  same  sailor-like  airs. 

"Sometimes  the 'duffers'  visit  the  obscure  streets 
in  London,  where  there  are  small  chandlers' 
shops  ;  one  of  them  enters,  leaving  his  mate  out- 
side to  give  him  the  signal  in  case  the  enemy 
heaves  in  sight.  He  requests  to  be  sei-ved  with 
some  trifling  article — when  if  he  approve  ot  the 
physiognomy  of  the  shopkeeper,  and  consider  him  or 
her  likely  to  be  victimised — he  ventures  an  obser- 
vation as  to  how  enormously  everything  is  taxed* 
(though  to  one  less  innocent  it  might  appeal*  un- 
usual for  a  sailor  to  talk  politics) :  '  even  this  'ere 
baccy'  he  says,  taking  out  his  nuicl,  41  cant 
chew,  without  paying  a  tax ;  hut,  he  adds, 
chuckling — '  us  sailor  chaps  sometimes  6ti;rk:i 
the  Custom-house  lubbers,  sharp  as  they  are. 
(Here  his  companion  outside  puts  his  head  in  at 
the  door,  and,  to  make  the  scene  as  natural  as  pos- 
sible, says,  'Come,  Jack,  don't  stop  there  all  night 
spinning  your  yarns  ;  come,  bear  a  hand,  or  I  shall 
part  convoy.')  '  Oh,  heave  to  a  bit  longer,  my 
hearty,'  replies  the  'duffer,'  '  I  will  be  with  you  in 
the  twinkling  of  a  marling  spike.  I'll  tell  you  what 
we've  got,marm,and  if  you  likes  to  buy  it  you  shall 
have  it  cheap,  for  me  and  my  mate  are  both  short  of 
rhino.  We've  half-a-dozen  pounds  of  tea — you  can 
weigh  it  if  you  like — and  you  shall  have  the  lot 
for  12s.'  Perhaps  there  is  an  immediate  purchase, 
but  if  125.  is  refused,  then  10*.  8s.  or  6s.  is  asked, 
until  a  sale  be  effected,  after  which  the  sailors 
make  their  exit  as  quickly  as  possible.  Then 
the  chandler's-shop  keeper  begins  to  exult  over 
the  bargain  he  or  she  has  made,  and  to  ex- 
amine more  minutely  the  contents  of  the  neatly 
packed,  and  tea-like  looking  packet  thus  bought. 
It  proves  to  be  lined  with  a  profuse  quantity  of 
tea  lead,  and  though  some  Chinese  characters 
are  marked  on  the  outside,  it  is  discovered  on 
opening  to  contain  only  half-a-pound  of  tea,  the 
remainder  consisting  principally  of  chopped  hay. 
The  '  duffers '  enact  the  same  part,  and  if  a  pur- 
chaser buy  lOlbs.  of  the  smuggled  article,  then 
9  Ibs.  at  least  consist  of  the  same  chopped  hay. 

"Sometimes  the  'duffers' sell  all  their  stock  to 
one  individual.  No  sooner  do  they  dispose  oi 
the  handkerchiefs  to  a  dupe,  than  they  intro- 
duce the  smuggled  tobacco  to  the  notice  of  the 
unsuspecting  customer ;  then  they  palm  off  their 
cigars,  next  their  tea,  and  lastly,  as  the  '  duffer'  is 
datermined  to  raise  as  much  money  as  he  can  '  M 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


427 


fcave  hi«  spree  ;'  'why  d — e,'  he  exclaims  to  his 
rictim — '  I  '11  sell  you  my  watch.  It  cost  me  61.  at 
Portsmouth — give  me  31.  for  it  and  it 's  yours, 

shipmate.    Well,  then,  21. H.'     The  watch,  I 

need  not  state,  is  made  solely  for  sale. 

"  It  is  really  astonishing,"  adds  my  informant, 
*•  how  these  men  ever  succeed,  for  their  look  de- 
notes cunning  and  imposition,  and  their  proceed- 
ings have  been  so  often  exposed  in  the  newspapers 
that  numbers  are  alive  to  their  tricks,  and  warn 
others  when  they  perceive  the  "duffers"  endea- 
vouring to  victimise  them  ;  but,  as  the  thimble-men 
Bay,  "  There's  a  fool  born  every  minute." 

0?  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  "SMALL-WARE," 

OR  TAPE,  COTTON,  ETC. 

A' HE  street-sellers  of  tape  and  cotton  are  usually 
elderly  females;  and  during  my  former  inquiry  I 
was  directed  to  one  who  had  been  getting  her 
living  in  the  street  by  such  means  for  nine  years. 
I  was  given  to  understand  that  the  poor  woman 
was  in  deep  distress,  and  that  she  had  long  been 
supporting  a  sick  husband  by  her  little  trade,  but 
I  was  wholly  unprepared  for  a  scene  of  such  start- 
ling misery,  sublimed  by  untiring  affection  and 
pious  resignation,  as  I  there  discovered. 

I  wish  the  reader  to  understand  that  I  do  not 
cite  this  case  as  a  type  of  the  sufferings  of  this 
particular  class,  but  rather  as  an  illustration  of  the 
afflictions  which  frequently  befall  those  who  are 
solely  dependent  on  their  labour,  or  their  little 
trade,  for  their  subsistence,  and  who,  from  the 
smallness  of  their  earnings,  are  unable  to  lay  by 
even  the  least  trifle  as  a  fund  against  any  physical 
calamity. 

The  poor  creatures  lived  in  one  of  the  close 
alleys  at  the  east  end  of  London.  On  inquiring 
at  the  house  to  which  I  had  been  directed,  I  was 
told  I  should  find  them  in  "  the  two-pair  back." 
I  mounted  the  stairs,  and  on  opening  the  door  of 
.  ;nrtment  I  was  terrified  with  the  misery 

me.  There,  on  a  wretched  bed,  lay  an  aged 
man  in  almost  the  last  extremity  of  life.  At 
first  I  thought  the  poor  old  creature  was  really 
dead,  but  a  tremble  of  the  eyelids  as  I  closed  the 
door,  as  noiselessly  as  I  could,  told  me  that  he 
breathed.  His  face  was  as  yellow  as  clay,  and  it 
bad  more  the  cold  damp  look  of  a  corpse  than  that 
of  a  livmg  i;  «  heeks  were  hollowed  in 

with  evident  want,  his  temples  sunk,  and  his  nos- 
trils pinched  close.  On  the  edge  of  the  bed  cut  his 

Diving  him  drink  with  a  spoon 
tea-cup.     In   one   corner   of  the  room  stood  the 
basket  of  tapes,  cottons,  combs,  braces,   nutm.--- 
graters,  and  <-h.i\  ing-glasses,  with  which  sh< 
to  ke>  ;ying  husband  from  the  work- 

house.    I   aoked   '  :;.:    her  good   man 

had  been  ill,  and  she  told 

to  his  bed  five  weeks  last  Wednesday,  and  that  it 
tras  u-n  weeks  since  he  had  eaten  the  sice  of  a 

*olid  food.     Nothing  but  a  little  beef-tea 
tad  passed  his  lips  for  mnnths.     "  We  have  Hred 
i  together,"  said  the  old  woman,  as  her 
*yes  flooded  with  tears,  "and  never  had  no  dis- 
join.   He  hated  drink.  and  there  was  no  cause  for 
. 


than  the  other,"  said  she,  rising  from  the  bed-side, 
and  showing  me  that  her  right  foot  was  several 
inches  from  the  ground  as  she  stood.  "  My  hip 
is  out  I  used  to  go  out  washing,  and  walk- 
ing in  my  pattens  I  fell  down.  My  hip  is  o\.t 
of  the  socket  three-quarters  of  an  inch,  and  the 
sinews  is  drawn  up.  I  am  obliged  to  walk  with 
a  stick."  Here  the  man  groaned  and  coughed  so 
that  I  feared  the  exertion  must  end  his  life.  "Ah, 
the  heart  of  a  stone  would  pity  that  poor  fellow," 
said  the  good  wife. 

"  After  I  put  my  hip  out,  I  couldn't  get  my 
living  as  I  'd  been  used  to  do.  I  couldn't 
stand  a  day  if  I  had  five  hundred  pounds  for 
it.  I  must  sit  down.  So  I  got  a  little  stall, 
and  sat  at  the  end  of  the  alley  here  with  a  few- 
laces  and  tapes  and  things.  I  've  done  so  for  this 
nine  year  past,  and  seen  many  a  landlord  come  in 
and  go  out  of  the  house  that  I  sat  at.  My  husband 
used  to  sell  small  articles  in  the  streets — black  lead 
and  furniture  paste,  and  blacking.  We  got  a  sort 
of  a  living  by  this,  the  two  of  us  together.  It 's 
very  seldom  though  we  had  a  bit  of  meat.  We 
had  Is.  9d.  rent  to  pay — Come,  my  poor  fellow, 
will  you  have  another  little  drop  to  wet  your 
mouth  T'  said  the  woman,  breaking  off.  "  Come, 
my  dearest,  let  me  give  you  this,"  she  added, 
as  the  man  let  his  jaw  fall,  and  she  poured  some 
warm  sugar  and  water  flavoured  with  cinnamon — 
all  she  had  to  give  him — into  his  mouth.  "  He  's 
been  an  ailing  man  this  many  a  year.  He  used 
to  go  of  errands  and  buy  my  little  things  for 
me,  on  account  of  my  being  lame.  We  assisted 
one  another,  you  see.  He  wasn't  able  to  work  for 
his  living,  and  I  wasn't  able  to  go  about,  so  he 
used  to  go  about  and  buy  for  me  what  I  sold.  I 
am  sure  he  never  earned  above  Is.  6d.  in  the  week. 
He  used  to  attend  me,  and  many  a  time  I  \e  .-..» 
for  ten  and  fourteen  hours  in  the  cold  and  wet 
and  didn't  take  a  sixpence.  Some  days  I  'd  make 
a  shilling, and  some  days  less;  but  whatever  I  got 
I  used  to  have  to  put  a  good  part  into  the  basket 
to  keep  my  little  stock."  [A  knock  here  came  to 
the  door;  it  was  for  a  halfpenny-worth  of  darning 
cotton.]  "  You  know  a  shilling  goes  further  with 
a  poor  couple  that 's  sober  than  two  shillings  does 
with  a  drunkard.  We  i 

had  nothing  but  tea,  or  we  couldn't  have  done 
anyhow.  Jf  I'd  take  18c/.  in  the  day  I'd  think 
v  off,  and  then  it'  there  was  0</.  profit 
g»t  "lit  of  th.it  it  would  lie  almo.st  as  much  as  it 
would.  '111011  braces  here"  (said 

the  old  woman,  guiim  to  h.-r  tray).     "  Well.  1 
2*.  tid.  a  dozen  lor  them  here,  and  I  sells  'em  for 
4^rf.,  and   oftentimes  4c/.  a  pair.      Now.  th: 
of  tape  would  r«0  tarthing.H  in  th 

and  I  sells  11  !•  •  )»-nny.      It   has  the 

MMM  of  bting  eighteen  v.-nds.     The  profit  oat  of 

it  is  fiv.  1 1  '»  liryond  th<-  power  of  man 

to  wonder   how  there  'a  a   I. it  of  bread  got  out  of 
such  a  small  way.     And  the  times  i> 
1    think   1  could  say  I  get  Sd.  a  day  profit  if 
I  have  any  sort  of  custom,   but   I   don't  exceed 
that  at  the  !>•  •.  sat  -it  th* 

that  '« 
not  much  more  tl...  it  ant  od.  i  in 


428 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


aure.  I  think  I  could  safely  state  that  for  the 
last  nine  year  me  and  my  husband  has  earned  to- 
gether 5s.  a  week,  and  out  of  that  the  two  of  us 
had  to  live  and  pay  rent — Is.  9d.  a  week.  Clothes 
*  could  buy  none,  for  the  best  garment  is  on  me  ; 
but  I  thank  the  Lord  still.  I  've  paid  my  rent  all 
but  three  weeks,  and  that  isn't  due  till  to-morrow. 
We  have  often  reckoned  it  up  here  at  the  fire. 
Some  weeks  we  have  got  5s.  3d.,  and  some  weeks 
less,  so  that  I  judge  we  have  had  about  3s.  to 
3s.  6d.  a  week  to  live  upon  the  two  of  us,  for  this 
nine  year  past.  Half-a-hundred  of  coals  would 
fit  me  the  week  in  the  depths  of  winter.  My  hus- 
band had  the  kettle  always  boiling  for  me  against 
I  came  in.  He  used  to  sit  here  reading  his 
book — he  never  was  fit  for  work  at  the  best — 
while  I  used  to  be  out  minding  the  basket.  He 
was  so  sober  and  quiet  too.  His  neighbours  will 
tell  that  of  him.  Within  the  last  ten  weeks  he 's 
been  very  ill  indeed,  but  still  I  could  be  out  with 
the  basket.  Since  then  he  's  never  earnt  me  a 
penny— poor  old  soul,  he  wasn't  able  !  All  that 
time  I  still  attended  to  my  basket.  He  wasn't  so 
ill  then  but  what  he  could  do  a  little  here  in  the 
room  for  hisself ;  but  he  wanted  little,  God  knows, 
for  he  couldn't  eat.  After  he  fell  ill,  I  had  to  go 
all  my  errands  myself.  I  had  no  one  to  help  me, 
for  I  'd  nothing  to  pay  them,  and  I  'd  have  to  walk 
from  here  down  to  Sun-street  with  my  stick,  till 
my  bad  leg  pained  me  so  that  I  could  hardly 
stand.  You  see  the  hip  being  put  out  has  drawn 
all  the  sinews  up  into  my  groin,  and  it  leaves  me 
oncapable  of  walking  or  standing  constantly; 
but  I  thank  God  that  I  've  got  the  use  of  it  any- 
how. Our  lot 's  hard  enough,  goodness  knows, 
but  we  are  content  We  never  complain,  but  bless 
the  Lord  for  the  little  he  pleases  to  give  us.  When 
I  was  away  on  my  errands,  in  course  I  couldn't  be 
minding  my  basket ;  so  I  lost  a  good  bit  of  money 
that  way.  Well,  five  weeks  on  Wednesday  he  has 
been  totally  confined  to  his  bed,  excepting  when  I 
lifted  him  up  to  make  it  some  nights;  but  he  can't 
bear  tliat  now.  Still  the  first  fortnight  he  was 
bad,  I  did  manage  to  leave  him,  and  earn  a  few 
pence ;  but,  latterly,  for  this  last  three  weeks,  I 
haven't  been  able  to  go  out  at  all,  to  do  any- 
thing." 

"  She 's  been  stopping  by  me,  minding  me 
here  night  and  day  all  that  time,"  mumbled  the 
old  man,  who  now  for  the  first  time  opened  his 
gray  glassy  eyes  and  turned  towards  me,  to  bear, 
as  it  were,  a  last  tribute  to  his  wife's  incessant 
affection.  "  She  has  been  most  kind  to  me.  Her 
tenderness  and  care  has  been  such  that  man  never 
knew  from  woman  before,  ever  since  I  lay  upon 
this  sick  bed.  We've  been  married  five-and- 
twenty  years.  We  have  always  lived  happily — 
very  happily,  indeed— together.  Until  sickness 
and  weakness  overcome  me  I  always  strove  to 
help  myself  a  bit,  as  well  as  I  could ;  but  since 
then  she  has  done  all  in  her  power  for  me  — 
worked  for  me — ay,  she  has  worked  for  me, 
Burely-and  watched  over  me.  My  creed  through 
life  has  been  repentance  towards  God,  faith  in 
Jesus  Christ,  and  love  to  all  my  brethren.  I  've 
made  up  my  mind  that  I  must  soon  change  this 


tabernacle,  and  my  last  wish  is  that  the  good 
people  of  this  world  will  increase  her  little  stock 
for  her.  She  cannot  get  her  living  out  of  the  little 
stock  she  has,  and  since  I  lay  here  it 's  so  lessened, 
that  neither  she  nor  no  one  else  can  live  upon  it. 
If  the  kind  hearts  would  give  her  but  a  little  stock 
more,  it  would  keep  her  old  age  from  want,  as  she 
has  kept  mine.  Indeed,  indeed,  she  does  deserve 
it.  But  the  Lord,  I  know,  will  reward  her  for 
all  she  has  done  to  me."  Here  the  old  man> 
eyelids  dropped  exhausted. 

"  I  've  had  a  shilling  and  a  loaf  twice  from 
the  parish,"  continued  the  woman.  "  The  over- 
seer came  to  see  if  my  old  man  was  fit  to  be 
removed  to  the  workhouse.  The  doctor  gave  me 
a  certificate  that  he  was  not,  and  then  the  re- 
lieving officer  gave  me  a  shilling  and  a  loaf  of 
bread,  and  out  of  that  shilling  I  bought  the  poor 
old  fellow  a  sup  of  port  wine.  I  bought  a  quartern 
of  wine,  which  was  4rf.,  and  I  gave  5d.  for  a  bit 
of  tea  and  sugar,  and  I  gave  2rf.  for  coals  ;  a  half- 
penny rushlight  I  bought,  and  a  short  candle,  that 
made  a  penny — and  that 's  the  way  I  laid  out  the 
shilling.  If  God  takes  him,  I  know  he  '11  sleep 
in  heaven.  I  know  the  life  he  's  spent,  and  am 
not  afraid ;  but  no  one  else  shall  take  him  front 
me — nothing  shall  part  us  but  death  in  this  world. 
Poor  old  soul,  he  can't  be  long  with  me.  He's  a 
perfect  skeleton.  His  bones  are  starting  through 
his  skin." 

I  asked  what  could  be  done  for  her,  and  the 
old  man  thrust  forth  his  skinny  arm,  and 
laying  hold  of  the  bed-post,  he  raised  himself 
slightly  in  his  bed,  as  he  murmured  "  If  she  could 
be  got  into  a  little  parlour,  and  away  from  sitting 
in  the  streets,  it  would  be  the  saving  of  her." 
And,  so  saying,  he  fell  back  overcome  with  the 
exertion,  and  breathed  heavily. 

The  woman  sat  down  beside  me,  and  went  on. 
"  What  shocked  him  most  was  that  I  was  obli- 
gated in  his  old  age  to  go  and  ask  for  relief  at 
the  parish.  You  see,  he  was  always  a  spiritful 
man,  and  it  hurted  him  sorely  that  he  should 
come  to  this  at  last,  and  for  the  first  time  in  his 
lifetime.  The  only  parish  money  that  ever  we 
had  was  this,  and  it  does  hurt  him  every  day 
to  think  that  he  must  be  buried  by  the  parish 
after  all.  He  was  always  proud,  you  see." 

I  told  the  kind-hearted  old  dame  that  some  be- 
nevolent people  had  placed  certain  funds  at  my 
disposal  for  the  relief  of  such  distress  as  hers 
and  I  assured  her  that  neither  she  nor  her  hus- 
band should  want  for  anything  that  might  ease 
their  sufferings. 

The  day  after  the  above  was  written,  the  poor 
old  man  died.  He  was  buried  out  of  the  funds 
sent  to  the  "  Morning  Chronicle,"  and  his  wife  re- 
ceived some  few  pounds  to  increase  her  stock ; 
but  in  a  few  months  the  poor  old  woman  went 
mad,  and  is  now,  I  believe,  the  inmate  of  one  of 
the  pauper  lunatic  asylums. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  LACE. 
THIS  trade  is  carried  on  both  by  itinerants  and  at 
stands,  or  "  pitches."     The  itinerants,  of  whom  I 
will  first  treat,  are  about  forty  in  number  ^thirtf 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


429 


women  and  ten  men).  They  usually  cany  their 
lace  in  boxes,  or  cases.  It  is  not  uncommon  for 
the  women  to  represent  themselves  as  lacemakers 
from  Marlow,  or  some  other  place  in  Buckingham- 
shire, or  from  Honiton,  in  Devonshire,  while  the 
men  assert  they  are  from  Nottingham.  I  am  in- 
farmed  that  there  are  among  these  itinerant  lace- 
•ellers  two  women  and  one  man  who  really  have 
been  lacemakers.  They  all  buy  their  wares  at 
the  haberdashery  swag-shops. 

The  lace,  which  is  the  principal  staple  of  this 
trade,  is  "  edgings,"  or  the  several  kinds  of  cheap 
lace  used  for  the  bordering  of  caps  and  other 
female  requirements.  Among  street-people  the 
Lice  is  called  "  driz,"  and  the  sellers  of  it  "  driz- 
fencers."  It  gained  this  slang  name,  I  was  in- 
formed, many  years  ago,  when  it  was  sold,  and 
to  wealthy  ladies,  as  rare  and  valuable  lace, 
smuggled  from  Mechlin,  Brussels,  Valenciennes, 
or  any  foreign  place  famous,  or  once  famous,  for 
its  manufacture.  The  pretended  smuggled  lace 
trade  is  now  unknown  in  London,  and  is  very 
little  practised  in  the  country.  There  is,  how- 
ever, still  some  smuggling  connected  with  lace- 
selling.  Two,  and  sometimes  three,  female  lace- 
tellers  are  also  "jigger- workers."  They  carry 
about  their  persons  pint  bladders  of  "stuff,"  or 
"jigger  stuff"  (spirit  made  at  an  illicit  still).  "I 
used  to  supply  them  with  it  until  lately,"  one 
street-trader  told  me,  "  from  a  friend  that  kept  a 
'jigger,'  and  a  tidy  sale  some  of  them  had.  Indeed, 
;ade  the  stuff  myself.  I  knew  one  woman, 
six  or  seven  years  back,  that  did  uncommon  well 
at  first,  but  she  got  too  fond  of  the  stuff,  and 
drenk  herself  into  the  work'us.  They  never 
carried  gin,  for  brandy  was  most  asked  for.  They 
•old  the  brandy  at  2*.  Qd.  the  pint ;  rum  at  Is.  6d. ; 
and  whiskey  at  2*.;  sometimes  higher,  and  always 
g  for  6d.  a  pint  profit,  at  least  0  yes,  sir ; 
I  know  they  got  the  prices  I  've  mentioned,  though 
they  teem  high  ;  for  you  must  remember  that  the 
jigger  spirit  is  above  proof,  and  a  pint  will  make 
two  pints  of  gin  palace  stuff.  They  sold  it,  I  've 
heard  them  say,  to  ladies  that  liked  a  drop  on  the 
;id  to  some  as  pretended  they  bought  that 
way  for  economy ;  yes,  and  to  shopkeepers  and 
publicans  too.  One  old  lady  used  to  give  3.«.  for 
ihree  yards  of  driz,  and  it  was  well  enough  under- 
stood, without  no  words,  that  a  pint  of  brandy 
was  part  of  them  three  yards.  But  the  trade  that 
way  is  nothing  to  what  it  was,  and  gets  less  and 
lest  every  year." 

From  a  middle-aged  woman  selling  laces  I  had 
wing  account : — 

•    i..-ii  in  the  trade  about  six  years,  sir. 
ars  back  or  more  I  was  in  place,  and  saved 

y,  as  a  servant  of  all  work . 
ried  a  house-painter,  but  trade  got  bad,  and  we 
both  bad  illnesses;  and  my  husband,  thon. 
as  good  a  man  as  need  be,  can't  stick  to  m 
very  long  at  a  time.  :ng,  by 

th  the  street  folk.)'     ••  It  seem* 

we  was  reduced  very  low  he  got 
jn  a  cab — for  he  can  turn  his  hand  to  almost  any- 
".at  we  came  to  street-selling. 
He  •  now  .  :.  j  .vt-llery, and  I  think  it  suits  him  as 


well  or  better  than  anything  he 's  tried ;  I  do  my 
part,  and  we  get  on  middling.  If  we're  ever  pushed 
it 's  no  use  fretting.  We  had  one  child,  and  he 
died  when  he  wanted  just  a  month  of  three  years 
old,  and  after  I'd  lost  him  I  said  I  would  never 
fret  for  trifles  no  more.  My  heart  was  broke  for 
a  long  time — it  was  indeed.  He  was  the  loveliest 
boy  ever  seen,  and  everybody  said  so.  I  went 
into  lace,  because  my  husband  got  to  know  all 
about  it,  and  1  had  no  tie  at  home  then.  I  was 
very  shy  and  ashamed  at  first  to  go  into  houses, 
but  that  wears  off,  and  I  met  with  some  nice 
people  that  bought  of  me  and  was  verv  civil,  so 
that  encourages  one.  I  sell  nothing  but  lace.  I 
never  cleared  more  than  2s.  Qd.  in  a  day,  and  that 
only  once.  I  suppose  I  clear  from  3s.  6d.  to 
4s.  6d.  a  week  now;  perhaps,  tike  it  altogether, 
rather  more  than  4$.  I  have  a  connection,  and  go 
to  the  houses  in  and  about  the  Regent's  Park,  and 
all  the  small  streets  near  it,  and  sometimes  Maida 
Hill  way.  I  once  tried  a  little  millinery  made-up 
things,  but  it  didn't  suit  somehow,  and  I  didn't 
stick  to  it.  You  see,  sir,  I  sell  my  lace  to  very 
few  but  servant  maids  and  small  shopkeepers' 
wives  and  daughters ;  but  then  they're  a  better  sort 
of  people  than  those  as  has  to  buy  everything 
ready  made  like  servants  has.  They  can  use  their 
own  needles  to  make  themselves  nice  and  smart, 
and  they  buy  of  such  as  me  to  do  it  cheap,  and 
they  're  not  often  such  beaters  down  aa  them  that 
buys  the  ready-made.  I  can  do  nothing,  or  next 
to  nothing,  in  very  wet  weather.  If  I  'm  in  the 
habit  of  going  into  a  nice  kitchen,  perhaps  the 
housemaid  flies  at  me  for  '  bringing  in  all  that 
dirt'  My  husband  says  all  women  is  crossest  in 
bad  weather,  and  perhaps  servants  is. 

"  I  buy  my  lace  near  Shoreditch.  It 's  a  long 
walk,  but  I  think  I'm  best  used  there.  I  buy 
generally  a  dozen  yards,  from  3^d.  to  la.,  and 
sometimes  up  to  2s.  I  sell  the  commoner  at  Id. 
a  yard,  and  three  yards  2d. ;  and  the  better  at  2d. 
and  3d.  a  yard.  It's-a  poor  trade,  but  it's  doing 
something.  My  husband  seldom  earns  less  than 
12*.  a  week,  for  he's  a  good  salesman,  and  so  we 
pay  2*.  rent  regular  every  Monday  for  an  unfur- 
nished room,  and  has  the  rest  to  live  on.  I  have 
sold  in  the  Brill  on  a  Saturday  night,  but  not  often, 
norlately  I  don't  like  it;  I  haven't  tongue  enough." 

In  addition  t<>  the  itinerants  there  are  about  se 
venty  stationary  l.ice  sellers, and  not  less  than  eighty 
on  the  Saturday  evenings.  The  best  pitches  are, 
I  am  told,  near  the  Borough-market;  in  Clare  in  ir 
ket;  the  New  Cut  (on  -  .  ht>) ;  \Yal- 

wnrtliroad;    Tooley-street ;   and  Dockhea-i 
mondsey.     From  the  best  information  at  my  rom- 

. '  appears  that  at  least  half  of  these  t 
pell  only  lace,  or  rarely  anything  else.  The 
sell  ali"  .I|IH  and  "  cauls,"  which 

j-ortionat  the  back,  to  bo  trimmed  «r 
ug  to  tlie  |,ui.  hair's  taste.     Some 
sell  also,  wit:  ribbons  —  }' 

worked  collars — and  muslin,  net.  or  wnrke.. 
sleeves.  Braid  and  .  :,-rl  v  .sold  l>y  thorn, 

but  are  now  in  no  demand.     The  pV 
24.  to  64.  for  laoe  articles,  and  about  the  s 
net,  Ac  per  yard ;  the  lowest  priced  are  most  sold 


430 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


In  this  stationary  trade  are  as  many  men  and 
youths  as  women  and  girls.  One  woman,  who 
had  known  street-selling  for  upwards  of  twenty 
years,  said  she  could  not  do  half  so  well  now  as 
she  could  twenty  years  ago,  for  the  cheaper  things 
got  the  cheaper  people  would  have  them.  "  Why, 
twenty  year  ago,"  she  exclaimed,  "I  bought  a 
lot  of  'leno'  cheap — it  was  just  about  going  out 
of  fashion  for  caps  then,  I  think — and  one  Satur- 
day night  in  the  Cut,  I  cleared  15s.  on  it.  I  don  t 
clear  that  in  a  fortnight  now.  I  have  sold  to  wo- 
men of  the  town,  as  far  as  I  've  known  them  to  be 
of  that  sort,  but  very  seldom.  It's  not  often 
you  '11  catch  them  using  a  needle  for  theirselves. 
They  do  use  their  needles,  I  know.  You  can  see 
some  of  them  sewing  at  their  doors  and  windows 
in  Granby- street,  Waterloo-road,  or  could  lately—- 
for I  haven't  passed  that  way  for  some  time — but 
I  believe  it 's  all  for  money  down,  for  the  slop- 
shops. It  suits  the  slop-shops  to  get  work  cheap 
anyway;  and  it  suits  the  women  to  have  some  sort 
of  occupation,  which  they  needn't  depend  upon  for 
their  living." 

The  stationary  lace  sellers,  for  the  most  part, 
display  their  goods  on  stalls,  but  some  spread  them 
on  aboard,  or  on  matting  on  the  ground.  Some 
of  the  men  gather  an  audience  by  shouting  out, 
"  Three  yards  a  penny,  edging  ! "  As  at  this  rate 
the  lace-seller  would  only  clear  ^d.  in  a  dozen  yards, 
the  cry  is  merely  uttered  to  attract  attention.  A 
few  who  patter  at  the  trade — but  far  fewer  than 
was  once  the  case— give  short  measure.  One  man, 
who  occasionally  sold  lace,  told  me,  that  when  he 
was  compelled  to  sell  for  "  next  to  no  profit,  and  a 
hungry  Sunday  coming,"  he  gave  good  shop  mea- 
sure, thirty  full  inches  to  a  yard.  His  yard  wand 
was  the  correct  length,  "  but  I  can  do  it,  sir,"  he 
said  with  some  exultation,  "  by  palming,"  and  he 
gave  a  jerk  to  his  fingers,  to  show  how  he  caught  in 
the  lace,  and  "  clipped  it  short." 

Calculating  that  100  persons  in  this  trade  each 
take  105.  6d.  weekly,  the  profit  being  about  cent, 
per  cent,  we  find  2600/.  expended  in  the  streets 
in  lace  and  similar  commodities. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  JAPANNED  TABLE- 
COVERS. 

THIS  trade,  like  several  others,  as  soon  as  the 
new  commodities  became  in  established  demand, 
and  sufficiently  cheap,  was  adopted  by  street- 
sellers.  It  has  been  a  regular  street-trade  between 
four  and  five  years.  Previously,  when  the  covers 
were  dearer,  the  street-sellers  were  afraid  to  specu- 
late much  in  them ;  but  one  man  told  me  that  he 
once  sold  a  table-cover  for  85.,  and  at  another  time 
for  10s. 

The  goods  are  supplied  to  the  street-folk  princi- 
pally by  three  manufacturers — in  Long-lane,  Smith- 
field,  Whitechapel-road,  and  Petticoat-lane.  The 
venders  of  the  glazed  table-covers  are  generally 
considered  among  the  smartest  of  the  street-folk, 
as  they  do  not  sell  to  the  poor,  or  in  poor  neigh- 
bourhoods, but  "at  the  better  sort  of  houses,  and 
fco  the  wealthier  sort  of  people."  Table-covers  are 
now  frequently  disposed  of  by  raffle.  "  I  very 


seldom  sell  in  the  streets,"  said  one  man,  '•  thougk 
I  one  evening  cleared  4s.  by  standing  near  the 
Vinegar-works,  in  the  City-road,  and  selling  to 
gents  on  their  way  home  from  the  city.  The 
public-house  trade  is  the  best,  and  indeed  in  winter 
evenings,  and  after  dark  generally,  there 's  no 
other.  I  get  rid  of  more  by  raffling  than  by  sale. 
On  Saturday  evening  I  had  raffles  for  two  covers, 
which  cost  me  Is.  4d.  each.  I  had  some  trouble 
to  get  Is.  Qd.  for  one ;  but  I  got  up  a  raffle  for 
the  other,  and  it  brought  me  2s. ;  six  members  at 
4d.  each.  It 's  just  the  sort  of  thing  to  get  off  in 
a  raffle  on  Saturday  night,  or  any  time  when  me- 
chanics have  money.  A  man  thinks — leastways 
I've  thought  so  myself,  when  I've  been  in  a 
public-house  raffle — now  I  've  spent  more  money 
than  I  ought  to,  and  there  's  the  old  woman  to 
face ;  but  if  I  win  the  raffle,  and  take  the  thing 
home,  why  my  money  has  gone  to  buy  a  nice 
thing,  and  not  for  drink."  I  may  remark  that  in 
nearly  all  raffles  got  up  in  this  manner,  the  article 
raffled  for  is  generally  something  coveted  by  a 
working  man,  but  not  so  indispensably  necessary 
to  him,  that  he  feels  justified  in  expending  his 
money  upon  it.  This  fact  seems  well  enough 
known  to  the  street-sellers  who  frequent  public- 
houses  with  their  wares.  I  inquired  of  the  in- 
formant in  question  if  he  had  ever  tried  to  get  up 
a  raffle  of  his  table-covers  in  a  coffee-shop  as  well 
as  a  public-house.  "  Never,  with  table-covers," 
he  said,  "  but  I  have  with  other  things,  and  find 
it 's  no  go.  In  a  coffee-shop  people  are  quiet,  and 
reading,  unless  it 's  one  of  them  low  places  for 
young  thieves,  and  such  like;  and  they've  no 
money  very  likely,  and  I  wouldn't  like  to  trust 
them  in  a  raffle  if  they  had.  In  public-houses 
there 's  talk  and  fun,  and  people  's  more  inclined 
for  a  raffle,  or  anything  spicy  that  offers." 

There  are  now  fifteen  regular  street-sellers,  o* 
street-hawkers  of  these  table-covers,  in  Lender- 
four  of  whom  are  the  men's  wives,  and  they  not 
unfrequently  go  a  round  together.  Sometimes,  on 
fine  days,  there  are  twenty.  I  heard  of  one 
woman  who  had  been  very  successful  in  bartering 
table-covers  for  old  clothes.  "  I  've  done  a  little 
that  way  myself,"  said  a  man  in  the  trade,  "  but 
nothing  to  her,  and  people  sees  into  things  so  now, 
that  there  's  hardly  a  chance  for  a  crust.  The 
covers  is  so  soft  and  shiny,  and  there  's  such  fine 
parrots  and  birds  of  paradise  on  them,  that  before 
the  price  was  known  there  was  a  chance  of  a  good 
bargain.  I  once  got  for  a  cover  that  cost  me  2s.  9(7. 
a  great  coat  that  a  Jew,  after  a  hard  bargaining, 
gave  me  6s.  3d.  for." 

The  prices  of  the  table-covers  (wholesale)  run 
from  8s.  a  dozen  to  30s.;  but  the  street-sellers 
rarely  go  to  a  higher  price  than  18s.  They  can 
buy  a  dozen,  or  half  a  dozen— or  even  a  smaller 
quantity — of  different  sizes.  Some  of  these  street- 
traders  sell,  with  the  table-covers,  a  few  wash- 
leathers,  of  the  better  kind.  Calculating  that 
fifteen  street-sellers  each  take  25s.  weekly  the 
year  round — one-half  being  the  profit,  including 
their  advantages  in  bartering  and  raffling — we 
find  9751.  expended  yearly  upon  japanned  table- 
covers,  bought  in  the  streets. 


LONDON  LAHOUR  A  AD  THE  LONDON  POOH 


431 


Or  THK   STRBET-SEILERS    o»    BRACKS,    BELTS, 

UUSE,  TROWSEK-STRAPS,  AND  WAISTCOATS. 
THE  street-sellers  of  braces  are  a  numerous  and  a 
mixed  class.  They  are  nearly  all  men,  and  the 
majority  are  Irishmen;  but  this  relates  only  to 
the  itinerant  or  public-house  brace-sellers.  These 
wares  are  sold  also  by  street- traders,  who  make 
other  articles  the  staple  of  their  trade — such  as 
the  dog-collar-sellers. 

The  braces  sold  thirty  years  ago  were  of  a  very 
different  manufacture  from  those  vended  in  the 
streets  at  present.  India-rubber  web  was  then 
unknown  as  a  component  part  of  the  street  braces. 
The  braces,  which  in  some  parts  of  the  country 
are  called  "  gallowses,"  were,  at  the  time  specified, 
made  of  s.  woollen  web,  both  washable  and  durable. 
"  One  pair  of  such  braces,  good  ones,"  said  ap  old 
tailor  with  whom  I  had  some  talk  on  the  subject, 
"  would  last  a  poor  man  his  lifetime.  Now 
they  're  in  a  rope  or  in  rags  in  no  time."  These 
woollen  braces  were  sold  at  from  Is.  to  2s.  the 
pair  in  the  streets ;  the  straps  being  of  good  firm 
leather.  Not  long  after  this  period  a  much 
cheaper  brace-web  was  introduced — a  mixture  of 
cotton  with  the  woollen — and  the  cheap  manufac- 
ture gradually  supplanted  the  better  article,  as  re- 
spects the  street  trade.  The  cheaper  braces  were 
made  with  sheepskin  straps,  which  soon  yielded 
to  friction,  and  were  little  serviceable.  The  intro- 
duction of  the  India-rubber  web  was  another  change 
in  the  trade,  and  the  manufacture  has  become  lower 
and  lower-priced  until  the  present  time. 

The  braces  sold  in  the  streets,  or  hawked  in 
the  public-houses,  are,  however,  not  all  of  the  very 
inferior  manufacture.  Some  are  called  "silk," 
others  "  buck-leather,"  and  others  "  knitted 
cotton."  The  "silk"  are  of  a  silken  surface,  with 
an  admixture  of  cotton  and  India-rubber ;  the 
"buck-leather"  (a  kind  now  very  little  known  in 
street  sale)  are  of  strong  sheepskin,  dressed  buck- 
leather  fashion;  and  the  "knitted"  cotton  are 
woven,  some  kinds  of  them  being  very  good  and 
strong. 

The  street  brace-sellers,  when  trying  to  do 
buaineas  in  the  streets,  carry  their  goods  generally 
with  a  few  belts,  and  sometimes  with  hose  in 
their  hands  and  across  their  arms.  They  stretch 
them  from  end  to  end,  as  they  invite  the  custom 
of  passers  by,  to  evince  the  elasticity  and  firmness 
of  the  web.  Sometimes  the  braces  are  slung  from 
a  pole  carried  on  the  shoulder.  The  sellers  call 

public-house  bars  and  tap-rooms  ;  soim-  are 
admitted  into  the  parlours  ;  and  a: 

i  gin-palace,  I  was  informed  by  a  manager 

,   a  brace-seller  will  call  from   twelve   to 
<  a  day,  especially  on  a  Monday; 

n  a  Saturday  evening  they  will  rema: 

••r  four   hours,  accosting  fresh  customers. 

-in-palaces,  the  young  and  strong  Ir 
.-  these  wares — and  there  an  many  such— 
•jiiently  scoffed  at  for  selling  "  braces  and 
things  a  baby  can  carry." 

following  account,  which  I  received  from  a 
street  brace  seller,  shows  the  class  who  purchase 
•urh  article  :_ 

"  I  was  put   to  a  carriage-lamp  maker,"  th« 


man  said,  "at  Birmingham,  but  soon  ran  away. 
Nobody  saw  after  me,  for  I  had  only  an  uncle, 
and  he  left  me  to  to  the  parish.  It  was  all  my 
own  fault.  I  was  always  after  some  idle  end, 
though  I  can  read  very  well.  It  seems  as  if  I 
couldn't  help  it,  being  wild,  I  mean.  I  ran  away 
to  Worcester,  wiUiout  knowing  wliere  I  wot  going, 
j  or  caring  either.  I  was  half  starved  in  Wor- 
,  cester,  for  I  lived  as  I  could.  I  found  my  way 
1  to  London  afterwards.  I  've  been  in  the  streets 
i  ever  since,  at  one  thing  or  the  other  ;  how  many 
,  years  I  can't  say.  Time  goes  so  quick  sometimes, 
i  and  sometimes  so  slow,  and  I  'm  never  long  in  o:ie 
place.  I  've  sold  braces  off  and  on  ever  since 
Amato  won  the  Derby,  if  you  know  when  thav 
was.  I  remember  it  because  I  went  to  Epsom 
races  that  year  to  sell  race  cards.  When  I  came 
to  London  after  the  races  I  laid  out  12s.  in  braces. 
I  hardly  remember  how  many  pairs  I  bought  for 
it,  but  they  wasn't  such  common  things  as  I  'm 
carrying  now.  I  could  sell  a  few  then  at  from  9d. 
to  Is.  Zd.  a  pair,  to  the  'cads'  and  people  at  such 
places  as  the  '  Elephant,'  and  the  '  Flower  Pot'  in 
Bishopsgate-street,  which  was  a  great  '  'bus'  place 
then.  I  used  to  sell,  too,  to  the  helpers  in  inn-yards, 
and  a  few  in  the  mews.  The  helpers  in  the  mews 
mostly  buys  knitted  cotton.  I  've  got  Is.  and  some- 
times Is.  6d.  for  an  extra  article  from  them,  but 
now  I  don't  carry  them ;  there  's  no  demand  there. 
You  see,  many  of  them  work  in  their  shirts,  and 
the  head  coachmen  and  grooms,  which  is  often  great 
Turks,  would  blow  up  if  the  men  had  dirty  braces 
hanging  to  their  buttons,  so  they  uses  what '11 
wash.  Nearly  all  my  business  now  is  done  at 
public-houses.  I  go  from  one  tavern  to  another  on 
my  round  all  day  long,  and  sell  in  the  street 
when  I  can.  I  think  I  sell  as  many  at  5d.  and 
at  lOd.  as  at  all  other  prices  together,  and  most  at 
5d. ;  but  when  I  have  what  I  call  a  full  stock  I 
carry  'em  from  id.  to  2Qd.  The  poorer  sort  of 
people,  such  as  wears  bracep — for  there  's  a  many 
as  does  without  'em — likes  the  Id.  out  of  6</.,  anil 
the  others  the  2d.  out  of  the  Is. ;  it  tempts  them. 
It 's  a  tiresome  life,  and  not  so  good  as  coster- 
mongering,  for  I  once  did  tidy  well  in  apples.  But 
in  the  brace  trade  you  ar'n't  troubled  with  hiring 
barrows,  and  it 's  easy  carried  on  in  public-houses 
in  wet  weather,  and  there  's  no  stock  to  spoil.  I 
sell  all  to  working-people,  I  think.  Sometimes  an 
odd  pair  or  two  at  Is.  6c/.,  or  so,  to  a  tradi-Miian. 
that  may  happen  to  be  in  a  bar,  and  likes  the  look 
and  the  price;  or  to  a  gentleman's  servant.  I 
make  from  Is.  to  Is.  Qd.  a  day;  full  U  (.!«/.  if  I 
stick  close  to  it.  I  may  make  2s.  or  2s.  Gt/.  n 
riling  belts  and  stockings;  but  I  only 
m  carry  Hoi-kirn^.  iVriiaps  I  dear  9s.  a 
w.-ek  the  year  round.  There's  lots  in  the  trade 
don't  clear  It.  a  day,  for  ti  :  y  low-priced 

I   go  for  4</.   profit  on   every   slullim/g 
I  pay 

3rf.  a  night  nt  a   lodgug-hovte,  and   nothing  oil 
Sundays.     I  had  a  young  woman  with  m<- 
was  a  coster,  but  w  .  nn.i  parted.  sh« 

was  too   fond   of  lifting  her  hand  to  her  mouth 
n>g')  to  please  me.     I  moan   to  live  very 
near  this  week,  and  get  »  fe.v  *i-iU»i-Hs  if  I  can  to 


432 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


This 


try  something  at  Greenwich  next  Monday.' 
was  said  on  the  Tuesday  in  Passion-week. 

The  braces  are  bought  by  the  street-sellers  at 
the  swag-shops  I  have  described.  The  prices 
range  from  1*.  6d.  (for  common  children's)  to  12s. 
a  dozen ;  3s.,  3s.  6d.,  6s.  6d.,  and  7s.  being  the 
most  frequent  prices.  Higher-priced  articles  are 
also  sold  at  the  swags  and  by  the  street-sellers, 
but  not  one  in  twenty  of  these  compared  with  the 
lower  priced. 

In  London  and  its  suburbs,  and  on  "rounds," 
of  which  the  metropolis  forms  the  central  point, 
and  at  stands,  there  are,  I  am  assured,  not  fewer 
than  500  persons  vending  braces.  Of  these  a 
twentieth  portion  may  be  women,  and  a  tenth  old 
and  sometimes  infirm  men.  There  are  few  chil- 
dren in  the  trade.  The  stall-keepers,  selling 
braces  with  other  articles,  are  about  100,  and  of 
the  remainder  of  this  class,  those  who  are  not 
Irishmen  are  often  impoverished  mechanics,  such 
as  tailors — brace-vending  being  easily  resorted  to, 
and  carried  on  quietly  in  public-houses,  and  it  does 
not  entail  the  necessity  of  bawling  aloud,  to  which  a 
working-man,  driven  to  a  street-life,  usually  feels 
repugnance.  Calculating  that  500  brace-sellers 
clear  5s.  a  week  each  on  those  articles  alone,  and 
estimating  the  profit  at  33  per  cent.,  it  shows  a 
street  expenditure  of  3900/.  One  brace-seller 
considered  that  500  such  sellers  was  too  low  a 
number;  but  the  most  intelligent  I  met  with 
agreed  on  that  estimate. 

The  Belts  sold  in  the  street  are  nearly  all 
of  stout  cotton  web,  "  with  India-rubber  threads," 
and  usually  of  a  drab  colour,  woollen  belts  being 
rarely  ever  seen  now.  They  are  procured  in  the 
same  way,  and  sold  by  the  same  parties,  as  are 
braces.  The  amount  expended  on  belts  is,  from 
the  best  information  I  can  command,  about  an 
eighth  of  that  expended  on  braces.  The  belts  are 
sold  at  Is.  each,  and  cost  8s.  the  dozen,  or  9d. 
each,  if  only  one  be  purchased. 

The  street-sale  of  hose  used  to  be  far  more  con- 
siderable than  it  is  now,  and  was,  in  a  great  mea- 
sure, in  the  hands  of  a  class  who  had  personal 
claims  to  notice,  independent  of  the  goodness  of 
their  wares.  These  were  old  women,  wearing, 
generally,  large  white  aprons,  and  chintz-patterned 
gowns,  and  always  scrupulously  clean.  They 
•»rried  from  door  to  door,  in  the  quieter  streets, 
and  in  the  then  suburbs,  stockings  of  their  "  own 
knitting."  Such  they  often  were;  and  those 
which  were  not  were  still  knitted  stockings,  al- 
though they  might  be  the  work  of  old  women  in 
the  country,  who  knitted  by  the  fireside,  needing 
no  other  light  on  winter  evenings  and  at  the 
doors  of  their  cottages  in  the  sunshine  in  summer. 
Of  these  street-sellers  some  were  blind.  Between 
thirty  and  forty  years  ago,  I  am  told,  there  were 
from  twelve  to  twenty  blind  knitters,  but  my 
informant  could  not  speak  with  certainty,  as 
he  might  probably  observe  the  same  women  in 
different  parts.  The  blind  stocking-sellers  would 
knit  at  a  door  as  they  waited.  The  informant  I 
have  quoted  thought  that  the  last  of  these  knitters 
and  street-sellers  disappeared  upwards  of  twenty 
years  ago,  aa  he  then  missed  her  from  his  door,  at  i 


which  she  used  to  make  her  regular  perkdica. 
appearance.  The  stockings  of  this  trade  were 
most  frequently  of  white  lamb's-wool,  and  were 
sold  at  from  3s.  Qd.  to  5s.  Qd.  They  were  long 
in  the  leg,  and  were  suited  "for  gentle-people's 
winter  wear."  The  women-sellers  made  in  those 
days,  I  am  assured,  a  comfortable  livelihood. 

The  sale  of  stockings  is  now  principally  in  the 
hands  of  the  men  who  vend  braces,  &c.  The  kind 
sold  is  most  frequently  unbleached  cotton.  The 
price  to  a  street-buyer  is  generally  from  Qd.  to  9</. 
but  the  trade  is  of  small  extent.  "  It 's  one  of 
the  trades,"  a  street-seller  said  to  me,  "that  we 
can't  compete  with  shop-keepers  in.  You  shall 
go  to  a  haberdashery  swag-shop,  and  though  they 
have  '  wholesale  haberdashers,'  and  *  hawkers  sup- 
plied' on  the  door-post,  you'll  see  a  pair  of  stock- 
ings in  the  window  marked  with  a  very  big 
and  very  black  6,  and  a  very  little  and  not  half 
black  J  ;  and  if  I  was  to  go  in,  they  'd  very  likely 
ask  me  6s.  Qd,  a  dozen  for  an  inferior  thing. 
They  retail  themselves,  and  won't  be  undersold 
if  they  can  help  it,  and  so  they  don't  care  to 
accommodate  us  in  things  that 's  always  going." 

A  few  pairs  of  women's  stockings  are  hawked  by 
women,  and  sold  to  servant-maids ;  but  the  trade 
in  these  goods,  I  am  informed,  including  all  classes 
of  sellers— of  whom  there  may  be  fifty — does  not 
exceed  (notwithstanding  the  universality  of  the 
wear),  the  receipt  of  6s.  weekly  per  individual, 
with  a  profit  of  from  Is.  4c2.  to  2s.,  and  an  aggre- 
gate expenditure  of  about  800/.  in  the  year.  The 
trade  is  an  addition  to  some  other  street  trade. 

The  brace-sellers  used  to  carry  with  their  wares 
another  article,  of  which  India-rubber  web  formed 
the  principal  part.  These  were  trowser-straps, 
"  with  leather  buttonings  and  ingy-spring  bodies." 
It  was  only,  however,  the  better  class  of  brace- 
sellers  who  carried  them  ;  those  who,  as  my  in- 
formant expressed  it,  "  had  a  full  stock  ; "  and 
their  sale  was  insignificant.  At  one  time,  the 
number  of  brace-sellers  offering  these  straps  was, 
I  am  informed,  from  70  to  100.  "  It  was  a  poor 
trade,  sir,"  said  one  of  the  class.  "  At  first  I  sold 
at  4d.,  as  they  was  6d.  in  middling  shops,  and  Is. 
in  the  toppers,  if  not  Is.  6d. ;  but  they  soon  came 
down  to  3d.,  and  then  to  2d.  My  profit  was  short 
of  3d.  in  Is.  My  best  customers  for  braces  didn't 
want  such  things  ;  plain  working-men  don't.  And 
grooms,  and  stable-keepers  generally,  wears  boots 
or  knee-gaiters,  and  footmen  sports  knee-buckles 
and  stockings.  All  I  did  sell  to  was,  as  far  as  I 
can  judge,  young  mechanics  as  liked  to  turn  out 
like  gents  on  a  Sunday  or  an  evening,  and  real 
gents  that  wanted  things  cheap.  I  very  seldom 
cleared  more  than  Is.  a  week  on  them.  The 
trade 's  over  now.  If  you  see  a  few  at  a  stand, 
it 's  the  remains  of  an  old  stock,  or  some  that  a 
swag-shop  has  pushed  out  for  next  to  nothing  to 
be  rid  of  them." 

The  sale  of  waistcoats  is  confined  to  Smithfield, 
as  regards  the  class  I  now  treat  of — the  sellers  of 
articles  made  by  others.  Twelve  or  fourteen  Yours 
back,  there  was  a  considerable  sale  in  what  was 
a  branch  of  duffing.  Waistcoats  were  sold  to 
coontrymen,  generally  graziers'  servants,  under 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


433 


TIIL  BTBEBT  DOQ-8ELLEE 


No.  28. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


435 


Che  pretence  that  they  were  of  fine  silk  plush, 
which  was  then  rather  an  object  of  rustic  Sunday 
finery.  A  drover  told  me  that  a  good  many  years 
ago  he  saw  a  countryman,  with  whom  he  was 
conversing  at  the  time,  pay  10a.  6d.  for  a  "  silk 
plush  waistcoat,"  the  vendor  having  asked  15s., 
and  having  walked  away — no  doubt  remarking 
the  eagerness  of  his  victim — when  the  countryman 
refused  to  give  more  than  10s.  "  He  had  a  cus- 
tomer set  for  it,"  he  said,  "at  haif-a-guinea."  On 
the  first  day  the  waistcoat  was  worn — the  drover 
was  afterwards  told  by  the  purchaser — it  was 
utterly  spoiled  by  a  shower  of  rain  ;  and  when  its 
possessor  asked  the  village  tailor  the  value  of  the 
garment,  he  was  told  that  it  had  no  value  at  all  ; 
the  tailor  could  not  even  tell  what  it  was  made  of, 
but  he  never  saw  anything  so  badly  made  in  his 
life  ;  never.  Some  little  may  be  allowed  for  the 
natural  glee  of  a  village  tailor  on  finding  one  of 
his  customers,  who  no  doubt  was  proud  of  his 
London  bargain,  completely  taken  in  ;  but  these 
waistcoats,  I  am  assured  by  a  tailor  who  had  seen 
them,  were  the  veriest  rubbish.  The  trade,  how- 
ever, has  been  unknown,  unless  with  a  few  rare 
exceptions  at  a  very  busy  time  —  such  as  the 
market  for  the  show  and  sale  of  the  Christmas 
•lock — since  the  time  specified. 

The  waistcoats  now  sold  in  Smithfield  market, 
or  in  the  public-houses  connected  with  it,  are,  I 
am  told,  and  also  by  a  tailor,  very  paltry  things  ; 
but  the  price  asked  removes  the  trade  from  the 
imputation  of  duffing.  These  garments  are  sold  at 
i .«.  to  4*.  6^.  each  ;  but  very  rarely  4s.  6d. 
The  shilling  waistcoats  are  only  fit  for  boys — or 
is"  as  the  slop-tailors  prefer  styling  them — 
but  Is.  6d.  is  a  common  price  enough ;  and  seven- 
-  of  the  trade,  I  am  informed,  is  for  prices 
or  not  exceeding,  2s.  The  trade  is, 
moreover,  very  small.  There  are  sometimes  no 
waistcoat-sellers  at  all  ;  but  generally  two,  and 
not  unfrequently  three.  The  profits  of  these  men 
are  1*.  on  a  had,  and  "2s.  6d.  on  a  good  day.  As, 
at  interval*,  these  street-sellers  dispose  of  a  sleeve- 
waistcoat  (waiscoat  with  sleeves)  at  from  4s.  Gd. 
to  G*.,  we  may  estimate  the  average  earnings  in  the 
trade  at  5t.  per  market  day,  or  10s.  in  the  week. 
This  shows  an  outlay  of  78/.  in  the  year,  as  the 
profits  of  these  street  traders  may  be  taken  at  33 
per  cent.;  or,  as  it  is  almost  invariably  worded  by 
Mich  classes,  "  4d.  in  the  It."  The  material  is  of 
a  kind  of  cotton  made  to  look  as  st"iit  as  possible, 
the  back,  &c.,  being  the  commonest  stuff.  Tbey 
are  supplied  by  a  slop-house  at  the  East  End,  and 
tre  made  by  women,  or  rather  girls. 

The  sale  of  waistcoats  in  the  street,  markets, 

ind  goods,  or  otherwise  in  the 

•  class.     There  are  other  belt*, 

and   other    |:<>rtinns  of   wearir,(  apparel,   which, 

.  >ric*,  as  they  are  often 

•old  by  the  same  persons  as  I  hare  juit  tn-atod  of, 
may  be  de*.  These  are  cln 

"  patent  leather"  belts,  trowser  straps,  and  garters. 

The  sellers  of  children's  a<  '  :i  and 

•>  are  less  numerous  than  they  were, 

.».  lam  told,  but  M 
ty,  are  goiaf  out  of  fashion.     Pn  in  on* 


elderly  man  who  had  "  dropped  belts,  and  straps, 
and  all  that,  for  oranges,"  I  heard  bitter  com- 
plaints of  the  conduct  of  the  swag  shop-keepers 
who  supplied  these  wares.  The  substance  of  his 
garrulous  and  not  very  lucid  complaint  was  that 
when  boys'  patent  leather  belts  came  into  fashion, 
eleven,  twelve,  or  thirteen  years  back,  he  could 
not  remember  which,  the  usual  price  in  the  shops 
was  Is.,  and  they  were  soon  to  be  had  in  the 
streets  for  6d.  each.  The  belt-sellers  "  did  well  " 
for  a  while.  But  the  "  swags"  who,  according  to 
my  informant,  at  first  supplied  belts  of  patent 
horse-leather,  came  to  substitute  patent  sheep- 
leather  for  them,  which  were  softer,  and  looked  as 
well.  The  consequence  was,  that  whenever  the 
sheep-leather  belts  were  wet,  or  when  there  was 
any  "pull"  upon  them,  they  stretched,  and  "the 
polish  went  to  cracks."  After  having  been  wet  a 
few  times,  too,  they  were  easily  torn,  and  so  the 
street  trade  became  distrusted.  It  was  the  same 
with  trowser-straps. 

The  belt  trade  is  now  almost  extinct  in  the 
streets,  and  the  strap  trade,  which  was  chiefly  in 
the  hands  of  old  and  infirm,  and  young  people,  is 
now  confined  to  the  sellers  of  dog-collars,  &c.  The 
trowser-straps  are  not  glazed  or  patent-leather,  now, 
but  "plain  calf;"  sold  at  2d.  a  pair  generally,  and 
bought  at  from  Is.  2d.  to  Is.  4rf.  the  dozen  pairs. 
Many  readers  will  remember  how  often  thev  used 
to  hear  the  cry,"  Three  pair  for  sixpence!  Three  pair 
for  sixpence!"  A  cry  now,  I  believe,  never  heard. 

Among  the  belt  and  strap-sellers  were  some 
blind  persons.  One  man  counted  to  me  three  blind 
men  whom  he  knew  selling  them,  and  one  sells 
them  still,  attached  to  the  rails  by  St.  Botolph's 
church,  Bishopsgate. 

The  same  persons  who  sold  straps,  &c.,  not  in- 
cluding the  present  sellers,  the  dog-collar  men,  &c., 
had  lately  no  small  traffic  in  the  vending  of  garters. 
The  garter-sellers  were,  however,  far  more  numer- 
ous than  ever  were  the  strap-sellers.  At  one 
time,  I  am  told,  there  were  200  garter  sellers ;  all 
old  or  infirm,  or  poor  women,  or  children,  and 
chiefly  Irish  children.  As  these  children  wen- 
often  stockinglesa  and  shoeless,  their  cry  of  "  Penny 
a  pair!  India-rubber  garters,  penny  a  pair!  "  was 
sometimes  pitiful  enough,  as  they  wen-  offering  a 
,;  tide,  unused  by  themselves.  The  sudden 
influx  of  garters,  so  to  speak,  was  owing,  I  am 
told,  to  a  manufacturer  having  discovered  n  cheap 
I  :niia-rubbcr  threads,"  and 
••  thrown. -i  lot  into  the  market  through  the 
•wag  shops."  The  price  was  at  first  8*.  a  gross 
(Sd.  a  dozen),  but  as  the  demand  increased,  it  was 
raised  to  9*.  and  9*.  6d.  The  trade  contimit-i 
about  six  weeks,  but  has  now  almost  entirely 
ceased.  The  stock  of  garters  still  offered  for  sale 
is  what  stall-keepers  hare  nn  hand,  or  what  swag 
shop-keepers  tempt  street-sellers  to  buy  by  re- 
The  leather  garter- trade,  !</.  a 
pair  being  the  usual  price  for  sheep-sk 
new  almost  unknown.  It  was  somewhat  x  tensive. 

Of  THE  STRKKT-SBLLBRS  of  Boor  AMD  STAY- 

LAOM,  fcc. 
LIKE  many  street-calling*  which  an 


436 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


the  smallest  means,  and  without  any  previous 
knowledge  of  the  article  sold  being  necessary  to 
the  street-vendor,  the  boot  and  stay-lace  trade 
has  very  many  followers.  I  here  speak  of  those 
who  sell  boot-Lices,  and  subsist,  or  endeavour  to 
subsist,  by  the  sale,  without  mixing  it  up  with 
begging.  The  majority,  indeed  the  great  majority, 
of  these  street  traders  are  women  advanced  in 
years,  and,  perhaps,  I  may  say  the  whole  of  them 
are  very  poor.  An  old  woman  said  to  me,  "I 
just  drag,  on,  sir,  half-starving  on  a  few  boot-laces, 
nither  than  go  into  the  workhouse,  and  I  know 
numbers  doing  the  same." 

The  laces  are  bought  at  the  haberdashery  swag- 
shops  I  have  spoken  of,  and  amongst  these  old 
women  I  found  the  term  "  swag-shop"  as  com- 
mon as  among  men  who  buy  largely  at  such  esta- 
blishments. The  usual  price  for  bootlaces  to 
be  sold  in  the  streets  is  let.  a  dozen.  Each  lace 
is  tagged  at  both  ends,  sufficing  for  a  pair  of  boots. 
The  regular  retail  price  is  three  a  penny,  but  the 
lace-sellers  are  not  un frequently  compelled  to  give 
four,  or  lose  a  customer.  A  better  quality  is  sold 
at  1  i'/.  and  "2d.  a  dozen,  but  these  are  seldom  med- 
dled with  by  the  street  lace-sellers.  It  is  often  a 
matter  of  strong  endeavour  for  a  poor  woman  to 
make  herself  mistress  of  lid.,  the  whole  of  which 
she  can  devote  to  the  purchase  of  boot-laces,  as 
tor  lid.  she  can  procure  a  gross,  so  saving  Id.  in 
twelve  dozen. 

The  stay-laces,  which  are  bought  at  the  same 
P'I.K  i's,  and  usually  sold  by  the  same  street-traders, 
are  -</.  and  ~^>l.  the  dozen.  I  am  told  that  there 
are  as  many  of  the  higher  as  of  the  lower  priced 
{stay-laces  bought  for  street  sale,  "  because,"  one 
of  the  street-sellers  told  me  "  there's  a  great  many 
servant  girls,  and  others  too, that's  very  particular 
about  their  stay-laces."  The  stay-laces  are  re- 
tailed at  i</.  each. 

These  articles  are  vended  at  street-stalls,  along 
with  other  things  for  female  use ;  but  the  most 
numerous  portion  of  the  lace-sellers  are  itinerant. 
walking  up  and  down  a  street  market,  or  going  on 
a  round  in  the  suburbs,  calling  at  every  house 
where  they  are  known,  or  where,  as  one  woman 
expressed  it,  "  we  make  bold  to  venture."  Those 
frequenting  the  street-markets,  or  other  streets  or 
thoroughfares,  usually  carry  the  boot-laces  in  their 
hands,  and  the  stay-laces  round  their  necks,  and 
offer  them  to  the  females  passing.  Their  principal 
customers  are  the  working-classes,  the  wives  and 
daughters  of  small  shop-keepers,  and  servant-maids. 
"  Ladies,  of  course,"  said  one  lace-seller,  "  won't 
buy  of  us."  Another  old  woman  whom  I  ques- 
tioned on  the  subject,  and  who  had  sold  laces  for 
about  fourteen  years,  gave  me  a  similar  account ; 
but  she  added  : — "  I  've  sold  to  high-up  people 
though.  Only  two  or  three  weeks  back,  a  fine- 
dressed  servant  maid  stopped  me  and  said,  '  Here, 
I  must  have  a  dozen  boot-laces  for  mistress,  and 
she  says,  she '!!  only  give  Zd.  for  them,  as  it 's  a 
dozen  at  once.  A  mean  cretur  she  is.  It's  grand 
doings  before  faces,  and  pinchings  behind  backs, 
at  our  house.'" 

Among  the  lace  lellers  haying  rounds  in  the 
suburbs  are  some  who  "have  known  better 


days."  One  old  woman  had  been  companion  and 
housekeeper  to  a  lady,  who  died  in  her  amis,  and 
whose  legacy  to  her  companion-servant  enabled 
her  to  furnish  a  house  handsomely.  This  she 
let  out  in  apartments  at  "  high-figures,"  and  any- 
thing like  a  regular  payment  by  her  lodgers  would 
have  supplied  her  with  a  comfortable  maintenance. 
But  fine  gentlemen,  and  fine  ladies  too,  went  away 
in  her  debt;  she  became  involved,  her  furniture 
was  seized,  and  step  by  step  she  was  reduced  to 
boot-lace  selling.  Her  appearance  is  still  that  of 
"  the  old  school ;"  she  wears  a  very  large  bonnet  of 
faded  black  silk,  a  shawl  of  good  material,  but  old 
and  faded,  and  always  a  black  gown.  The  poor 
woman  told  me  that  she  never  ventured  to  call 
even  at  the  houses  where  she  was  best  received  if 
she  saw  any  tax-gatherer  go  to  or  from  the  house : 
"  I  know  very  well  what  it  is,"  she  continued, 
"  it 's  no  use  my  calling  ;  they  're  sure  to  be  cross, 
and  the  servants  will  be  cross  too,  because  their 
masters  or  mistresses  are  cross  with  them.  If  the 
tax-gatherer's  not  paid,  they're  cross  at  being 
asked  ;  if  he  is  paid,  they're  cross  at  having  had 
to  part  with  their  money.  I've  paid  taxes  myself." 

The  dress  of  the  boot  lace-sellers  generally  is 
that  of  poor  elderly  women,  for  the  most  part  per- 
haps a  black  chip,  or  old  straw  bonnet  (often 
broken)  and  a  dark-coloured  cotton  gown.  Their 
abodes  are  in  the  localities  in  all  parts  of  the  me- 
tropolis, which  I  have  frequently  specified  as  the 
abodes  of  the  poor.  They  live  most  frequently  in 
their  own  rooms,  but  the  younger,  and  perhaps  I 
may  add,  coarser,  of  the  number,  resort  to  lodg- 
ing-houses. It  is  not  very  uncommon,  I  was  told 
by  one  of  the  class,  for  two  poor  women,  boot-lace 
sellers  or  in  some  similar  line,  "  to  join"  in  a  room, 
so  saving  half  the  usual  rent  of  1*.  Qd.  for  an 
unfurnished  room.  This  arrangement,  however,  is 
often  of  short  duration.  There  is  always  arising 
some  question,  I  was  told,  about  the  use  or  wear  of 
this  utensil  or  the  other,  or  about  washing,  or  about 
wood  and  coals,  if  one  street-seller  returned  an 
hour  or  two  before  her  companion.  This  is  not  to 
be  wondered  at,  when  we  bear  in  mind  that  to 
these  people  every  farthing  is  of  consequence. 
From  all  that  I  can  learn,  the  boot-lace  sellers  (I 
speak  of  the  women)  are  poor  and  honest,  and 
that,  as  a  body,  they  are  little  mixed  up  with  dis- 
honest characters  and  dishonest  ways.  The  ex- 
ceptions are,  I  understand,  among  some  hale  per- 
sons, such  as  I  have  alluded  to  as  sojourning  in 
the  lodging  houses.  Some  of  these  traders  receive 
a  little  parochial  relief. 

One  intelligent  woman  could  count  up  100  per- 
sons depending  chiefly  upon  the  sale  of  boot  and 
stay-laces,  in  what  she  called  her  own  neighbour- 
hood.    This    comprised    Leather-lane,    Holborn, 
Tottenham  Court-road,  the  Hampsteud-road,  and 
all  the  adjacent  streets.     From  the  best  d;ita  ;it 
my  command,  I  believe  there  are  not  fewer  than 
500  individuals  selling  these   wares  in   London. 
Several  lace-sellers  agreed  in  stating  that  tn> 
a  dozen  boot-laces  a-day,  and  a  dozen  stay 
and  2  dozen  extra  on  Saturday  nights  ;  but  the 
drawbacks  of  bad  weather  &c.,  reduce  the  a 
sale  to  not  more  than  6  dozen  a  week,  or  I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


437 


boot-laces  in  a  year,  at  an  outlay  to  the  public  of 
31'2»'/.  yearly  ;  from  a  half  to  three-fourths  of  the 
receipts  being  the  profit  of  the  street-sellers. 

The  same  quantity  of  stay-laces  sold  at  6d.  a 
dozen  shows  an  outlay  of  4680/.,  with  about  an 
equally  proportional  profit  to  the  sellers. 

Most  of  these  traders  sell  tapes  and  other  ar- 
ticles as  well  as  laces.  The  tapes  cost  3rf.  and 
•  dozen,  and  are  sold  at  £d.  a  knot.  A 
n  'J  days  is  an  average  sale,  but  I  have 
treated  more  expressly  of  those  who  depend  prin- 
cipally upon  boot-lace  selling  for  their  livelihood. 
Their  average  profits  are  about  3*.  a  week,  on 
laces  alone.  The  trade,  I  am  told,  was  much 
more  remunerative  a  fe*  years  back,  and  the  de- 
cline was  attributed  "  to  so  many  getting  into  the 
trade,  and  the  button  boots  becoming  as  fashionable 
as  the  Adelaides.*' 

OF  A  BLIND  FEMALE  SELLER  OF  "  SMALL- WARES." 

give  an  account  of  the  street- trade,  the 

-.  and  the  life  of  a  poor  blind  woman,  who 

seen   nearly  every  fine  day,  selling  what 

:ically  termed  "  small- ware,"  in  Leather- 

lolborn.  The  street  "  small-wares"  are  now 

understood   to  be  cotton-tapes,  pins,  and  sewing 

:  sometimes  with  the  addition  of  boot  and 

.nd  shirt-buttons. 

I  saw  the  blind  small-ware  seller  enter  her  own 
••tit,  which  was  on  the  first  floor  of  a  small 
house  in  a  court  contiguous  to  her  "  pitch."     The 
entrance  into  the  court  was  low  and  narrow  ;  a 
tall  man  would  be  compelled  to  stoop  as  he  entered 
the  passage  leading  into  the  court.      Here  were 
unmistakeable  signs  of  the  poverty  of  the  inhabi- 
tants.    Soapsuds  stood  in  the  choked  gutter,  old 
clothes  were  hung  out  to  dry  across  the  court,  one 
.1   dead  wall,  and   the   windows  were 
i  wiih  |':ij>er,  sometimes  itself  patched  with 
other  paper.      In   front   of  one  window,  however, 
was  a  rude  gate-work,  behind  which  stood  a  root 
nder,  and  a  campanula,  thriving  not  at  all, 
t,  with  all  their  dinginess,  presenting  a  relief 
to  the  • 

The  room  of  the  blind  woman  is  reached  by  a 

arrow  staircase,  on  which  two  slim  persons 

not  pass  each  other,  and   up  old  and  worn 

•uirs.     Her  apartment  may    be   about  t<-n   fret 

square.     The  window  had  both  small  and   lar^e 

panes,  with  abundance  of  putty  plastering.     The 

furniture  consisted  of  a  small  round  deal  table  (on 

which   lay  the  poor  woman's  stock   of  Mack  and 

&c.),  and  of  four 

patched    chairs.     There  were   a   few 
;  it"  ornaments  on  the  mantel- 

'i   utoixl   n 

i  a  female  was  also  cnn»| 
M  was  a  tobacco  pipe.     Abm 

enframes,  while  a  pair 
were  suspended  above  a  little  l..»ki   . 
>ard  was  a  picture  of  t 
md    on    the    uncolourod    walls  wen 
.u.ils  apparently  from  tome  work 

'. 

i  was  stowed  a  few  costermotv 
Uukeu  and  old  clothes  (women's  and  toys'),  as  if 


stowed  away  there  to  make  room  to  stir  about. 
All  the  furniture  was  dilapidated.  An  iron  rod 
for  a  poker,  a  pair  of  old  tongs,  and  a  sheet-iron 
shovel,  were  by  the  grate,  in  which  glimmered  a 
mere  handful  of  fire.  All  showed  poverty.  The 
rent  was  la.  a  week  (it  had  been  Is.  9d.),  and  the 
blind  woman  and  a  lodger  (paying  Qd.  of  the  rent) 
slept  in  one  bed,  while  a  boy  occupied  the  other. 
A  wiry-haired  dog,  neither  handsome  nor  fat, 
received  a  stranger  (for  the  blind  woman,  and  her 
guide  and  lodger,  left  their  street  trade  at  my 
request  for  their  own  room)  with  a  few  querulous 
yelps,  which  subsided  into  a  sort  of  whining  wel- 
come to  me,  when  the  animal  saw  his  mistress 
was  at  ease.  The  pleasure  with  which  this  poor 
woman  received  and  returned  the  caresses  of  her 
dog  was  expressed  in  her  face.  I  may  add  that 
owing  to  a  change  of  street  names  in  that  neigh- 
bourhood, I  had  some  difficulty  in  finding  the 
small- ware  seller,  and  heard  her  poor  neighbours 
speak  well  of  her  as  I  inquired  her  abode  ;  usually 
good  sign  among  the  poor. 

The  blind  tape-seller  is  a  tall  and  somewhat 
strongly- formed  woman,  with  a  good-humoured 
and  not  a  melancholy  expression  of  face,  though 
her  manner  was  exceedingly  quiet  and  subdued 
and  her  voke  low.  Her  age  is  about  50.  She 
wore,  what  I  understand  is  called  a  "  half  widow's 
cap  ;"  this  was  very  clean,  as  indeed  was  her 
attire  generally,  though  worn  and  old. 

I  have  already  given  an  account  of  a  female 
small-ware  seller  (which  account  formerly  appeared 
in  one  of  my  letters  in  the  Morning  'Chronicle) 
strongly  illustrating  the  vicissitudes  of  a  street 
life.  It  was  the  statement,  however,  of  one  who 
is  no  longer  in  the  streets,  and  the  account  uiven 
by  the  blind  tape  and  pin  seller  is  further  interest- 
ing as  furnishing  other  habitudes  or  idiosyncracies 
of  the  blind  (or  of  an  individual  blind  woman),  in 
addition  to  those  before  detailed  ;  more  especially 
in  its  narrative  of  the  feelings  of  a  perhaps  not 
•cry  sensitive  woman  who  became  "dark"  (as  bhe 
always  called  it)  in  matur. 

"  It's  five  years,  sir,"  she  said,  "since  I  have 
been  quite  dark,  but  for  two  years  before  that  I 
had  lost  the  «ij;ht  of  one  eye.  Oh.  yes,  I  had 
doctors  but  they  couldn't  nave  mv  eve.sight.  I 
lost  it  after  illnes>es  and  rheumatics,  and  from  want 
and  being  miserable.  I  felt  ?vry  mim-iable  when 
I  iir>t  found  my>elf  quite  dark,  as  if  .•v.-rvthinij 
was  lost  to  in--.  I  lelt  a*  it  I  'd  no  mor-  pi. ice  in 
•'  i;  but  one  gets  reconciled  to  most  thinn*. 
thank  <i"d,  in  time  ;  hut  I  'in  often 

Living  poorly  and    having  a  sickly  boy  to 
(in-  all. mt  may  be  one  reason,  as  well  as  my 
M  and  \« -ing  so  bad  olf. 

"  I   VM    l.i...iKht   up    to    wrvici-.  and    was  srnt 
Andiew'a   M  hool.      I    lo.st  my 
n-lativej.)  wh.-n  I  were  young. 
I  was  in  my  first  p'  :\  month",  a 

:    nine  year.- 

maid   of  all  work.     I   suvrd  a  little  mm,. 

: 

we  didn't  do  well.     Oh. 

was  a-: 

pinching      I  can't  say  as  he  was  unkind  , 


438 


LONDON  LABOUR  AfrD  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


He  died  nine  years  or  more  since.  After  that  I 
supported  myself,  and  two  sons  we  had,  by  going 
out  to  wash  and  '  chair.'  I  did  that  when  my 
husband  was  living.  I  had  tidy  work,  as  I  'chaired' 
and  washed  for  one  family  in  Clerkenwell  for  ten 
years,  and  might  again  if  I  wasn't  dark.  My 
eldest  son  's  now  a  soldier  and  is  with  his  regi- 
ment at  Dover.  He 's  only  eighteen,  but  he  could 
get  nothing  to  do  as  hard  as  he  tried  ;  I  couldn't 
help  him ;  he  knew  no  trade ;  and  so  he  'listed. 
Poor  fellow  1  perhaps  I  shall  never  see  him  again. 
Oh,  see  him  1  That  I  couldn't  if  he  was  sitting 
as  near  me  as  you  are,  sir ;  but  perhaps  I  may 
never  hear  his  voice  again.  Perhaps  he  '11  have 
to  go  abroad  and  be  killed.  It 's  a  sad  thought 
that  for  a  blind  widow ;  I  think  of  it  both  up  and 
in  bed.  Blind  people  thinks  a  great  deal,  I  feel 
they  does.  My  youngest  son — he  's  now  fourteen 
— is  asthmatical ;  but  he's  such  a  good  lad,  so 
easily  satisfied.  He  likes  to  read  if  he  can  get 
hold  of  a  penny  book,  and  has  time  to  read  it. 
He 's  at  a  paper-stainer's  and  works  on  fancy 
satin  paper,  which  is  very  obnicious"  (the  word 
she  used  twice  for  pernicious  or  obnoxious)  '•  to 
such  a  delicate  boy.  He  has  5s.  a  week,  but, 
oh  dear  me,  it  takes  all  that  for  his  bit  of  clothes, 
and  soap  for  washing,  and  for  shoes,  and  then  he 
must  carry  his  dinner  with  him  every  day,  which 
I  makes  ready,  and  as  he  has  to  work  hard, 
poor  thing,  he  requires  a  little  meat.  I  often  frets 
about  his  being  so  weakly  ;  often,  as  I  stands  with 
my  tapes  and  pins,  and  thinks,  and  thinks.  But, 
thank  God,  I  can  still  wash  for  him  and  myself, 
and  does  so  regularly.  No,  I  can't  clean  my  room 
myself,  but  a  poor  woman  who  lives  by  selling 
boot-laces  in  the  streets  has  lodged  with  me  for 
many  years,  and  she  helps  me." 

"Lives!"  interrupted  the  poor  boot-lace  wo- 
man, who  was  present,  "starves,  you  mean;  for 
all  yesterday  I  only  took  a  farthing.  But  any- 
thing 's  better  than  the  house.  I  '11  live  on  4d.  a 
d;,y,  and  pay  rent  and  all,  and  starve  half  my 
time,  rather  nor  the  great  house"  (the  Union). 

"  Yes,  indeed,"  resumed  the  blind  woman,  "for 
when  I  first  went  dark,  I  was  forced  to  send  to 
my.  parish,  and  had  Gd.  twice  a  week,  and  a  half- 
quartern  loaf,  and  that  was  only  allowed  for  three 
weeks,  and  then  there  was  the  house  for  me.  Oh 
dear,  after  that  I  didn't  know  what  I  could  do  to 
get  a  bit  of  bread.  At  first  I  was  so  frightened 
and  nervous,  I  was  afraid  of  every  noise.  That 
was  when  I  was  quite  dark ;  and  I  am  often 
frightened  at  nothing  still,  and  tremble  as  I  stand 
in  the  lane.  I  was  at  first  greatly  distressed,  and 
in  pain,  and  was  very  down-hearted.  I  was  so 
put  about  that  I  felt  as  if  I  was  a  burden  to 
myself,  and  to  everybody  else.  If  you  lose  your 
sight  as  I  did,  sir,  when  you  're  not  young,  it 's  a 
long  time  before  you  leawis  to  be  blind.  [So  she 
very  expressly  worded  it]  A  friend  advised  me 
to  sell  tapes  and  cottons,  and  boot-laces,  in  the 
fltreet,  as  better  than  doing  nothing ;  and  so  I  did. 
But  at  first  I  was  sure  every  minute  I  should  be 
run  on.  The  poor  woman  that  lodges  with  me 
bought  some  things  for  me  where  she  buys  her 
own — at  Albion-house,  in  the  Borough.  0,  I 


does  very  badly  in  my  trade,  very  badly.  I  noif 
clear  only  2d.,  3d.,  or  4d.  a  day;  no,  I  think  not 
more  than  Is.  6d  a  week ;  that  is  all.  Why,  one 
day  this  week  I  only  sold  a  ha  'porth  of  pins. 
But  what  I  make  more  than  pays  my  rent,  and 
it 's  a  sort  of  employment ;  something  to  do,  and 
make  one  feel  one  's  not  quite  idle.  I  hopes  to 
make  more  now  that  nights  are  getting  long,  for  I 
can  then  go  into  the  lane  (Leather-lane)  of  an 
evening,  and  make  Id.  or  2d.  extra.  I  daren't 
go  out  when  it's  long  dark  evenings,  for  the  boys 
teases  me,  and  sometimes  comes  and  snatches  my 
tapes  and  things  out  of  my  hands,  and  runs  away, 
and  leaves  me  there  robbed  of  my  little  stock. 
I  'm  sure  I  don't  know  whether  it's  young  thieves 
as  does  it,  or  for  what  they  calls  a  lark.  I  only 
knows  I  loses  my  tapes.  Do  I  complain  to  the 
police,  do  you  say,  sir  ]  I  don't  know  when  a 
policeman  's  passing,  in  such  a  crowded  place.  Oh 
yes,  I  could  get  people  to  complain  for  me,  but 
perhaps  it  would  be  no  good  ;  and  then  I'm  afraid 
of  the  police;  they're  so  arbitry.  [Her  word.] 
It's  not  very  long  since  one  of  them — and  I  was 
told  afterwards  he  was  a  sergeant,  too — ordered 
me  to  move  on.  *  I  can't  move  on,  sir,'  said  I,  '  I 
wish  I  could,  but  I  must  stand  still,  for  I'm  blind.' 
4  I  know  that,'  says  he,  '  but  you  're  begging.' 
4  No,  I  'm  not,'  says  I, '  I  'm  only  a  trying  to  sell  a 
few  little  things,  to  keep  me  out  of  the  work  'us.' 
4  Then  what 's  that  thing  you  have  tied  over  your 
breast?'  says  he.  4  If  you  give  me  any  more  of 
your  nonsense,  I'll  lock  you  up;'  and  then  he 
went  away.  I  'in  terrified  to  think  of  being  taken 
to  the  station." 

The  matter  which  called  forth  the  officer's 
wrath,  was  a  large  card,  tied  from  the  poor 
woman's  shoulders,  on  which  was  printed,  in 
large  letters,  "PLEASE  TO  BUY  OF  THE 
POOR  BLIND."  "Ay,"  said  the  blind  wo- 
man's companion,  with  a  bitterness  not  uncom- 
mon on  the  part  of  street-sellers  on  such  occasions, 
44  and  any  shopkeeper  can  put  what  notice  he  likes 
in  his  window,  that  he  can,  if  it 's  ever  such  a  lie, 
and  nothing 's  said  if  he  collects  a  crowd ;  oh  dear, 
no.  But  we  mus'n't  say  our  lives  is  our  own." 

"  Yes,  sir,"  said  the  blind  woman,  as  I  ques- 
tioned her  further,  "  there  I  stands,  and  often  feels 
as  if  I  was  half  asleep,  or  half  dreaming ;  and  I 
sometimes  hardly  knows  when  I  dreams,  and 
what  I  thinks;  and  I  think  what  it  was  like 
when  I  had  my  eyesight  and  was  among  them, 
and  what  it  would  be  like  if  I  had  my  eye«ight 
again ;  all  those  people  making  all  that  noiae,  and 
trying  to  earn  a  penny,  seems  so  queer.  And  I 
often  thinks  if  people  suffered  ever  so  much,  they 
had  something  to  be  thankful  for,  if  they  had 
their  eyesight.  If  I  'd  been  dark  from  a  child,  I 
think  I  shouldn't  have  felt  it  so  much.  It  wouldn't 
have  been  like  all  that  lost,  and  I  should  b« 
handier,  though  I  'm  not  bad  that  way  as  it  is, 
but  I'm  afraid  to  go  out  by  myself.  Where  I 
lives  there  '3  so  many  brokers  about,  I  should 
run  against  their  furniture.  I  'm  sometimes  not 
spoken  to  for  an  hour  and  more.  Many  a 
day  I  've  only  took  Id.  Then  I  thinks  and 
mopes  about  what  will  become  of  me,  and  thinkj 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TITS  LONDON  POOR. 


439 


about  my  children.  I  don't  know  who  buys  of 
me,  but  I'm  sure  I'm  very  thankful  to  all  as 
does.  They  takes  the  things  out  of  my  hands, 
and  puts  the  money  into  them.  I  think  they  're 
working-people  as  buys  of  me,  but  I  can't  be  sure. 
Some  speaks  to  me  very  kind  and  pleasant.  I 
don't  think  they  're  ladies  that  speaks  kind.  My 
husband  used  to  say  that  if  ladies  went  to  places 
like  the  Lane,  it  was  on  the  sly,  to  get  something 
cheap,  and  they  did'nt  want  to  be  seen  there,  or 
they  might  be  counted  low.  I  'm  sure  he  was 
right.  And  it  ain't  such  as  them  as  buys  of  a  poor 
blind  woman  out  of  kindness.  No,  sir,  it 's  very 
seldom  indeed  that  I  get  more  than  the  regular 
price.  A  halfpenny  a  knot  for  my  tapes ;  and  a 
halfpenny  and  a  farthing  for  pins ;  and  a  half- 
penny and  a  penny  a  dozen  for  shirt-buttons ; 
and  three  a  penny  when  I  sells  boot-laces ;  and  a 
halfpenny  a  piece  when  I  has  stay-laces.  I  sells 
good  things,  I  know,  for  the  friend  as  gets  them 
wouldn't  deceive  me,  and  I  never  has  no  com- 
plaints of  them. 

"  I  don't  know  any  other  blind  woman  in  the 
trade  besides  myself.  No,  I  don't  associate  with 
blind  people.  I  wasn't  brought  up,  like,  to  such  a 
thins;,  but  am  in  it  by  accident.  I  can't  say  how 
nvmy  blind  women  there  may  be  in  my  line  in  the 
streets.  I  haven't  the  least  notion.  I  took  little 
notice  of  them,  God  forgive  me,  when  I  had  my 
eyesight,  and  I  haven't  been  thrown  among  them 
since.  Whether  there  's  many  of  them  or  not, 
they  're  all  to  be  pitied. 

'•  On  A  Sunday  I  never  stirs  out,  except  to 
chapel,  with  my  lodger  or  my  son.  No,  sir,  not  a 
Roman  Catholic  chapel,  but  a  Protestant.  When 
it 's  not  very  fine  weather  we  goes  to  the  nearest, 
but  you  hears  nothing  but  what's  good  in  any  of 
them.  Oh  dear,  no. 

"  I  lives  on  tea  and  bread  and  butter  all  the 
week — yes,  I  can  make  it  ready  myself — except 
on  Sundays,  when  my  son  has  his  dinner  here, 
and  we  has  a  bit  of  cheap  meat ;  not  often  fish  ; 
it's  troublesome.  If  bread  and  things  wasn't 
cheap  I  couldn't  live  at  all,  and  it's  hardly  living 
as  it  is.  What  can  any  one  do  on  all  that  I  can 
earn  1  There  'a  so  many  in  the  streets,  I  'm  told, 
in  my  line,  and  distress  drives  more  and  more 
iody  says  so,  and  wages  is  so 
bad,  and  there's  such  under-selling,  that  I  don't 
whatever  thing*  will  come  to.  I  've  no 
'•pcctation  of  anything  better  in  the  time  that 
has  to  come,  nothing  hut  misery,  God  help  me. 
But  I  'm  sure  I  should  soon  fret  to  death  in  a 
work 'us." 

The  poor  woman  lodging  with  the  blind 
seller  is  herself  in  the  same  trade,  but  doing  most 
in   boot    and   stay-laces.     She   has  a  sha: 
i  outlne  of  countenance,  as  if  t 
.  and  is   indeed  wretchedly  poor,  « 
only  about  <W.  a  day,  if  so  much.     She  is  about 
the  same  age  as  her  landlady,  or  somewhat  yotmger, 
and  has  apparently  been  good-looking,  'and  has 

expression.     She  lodgr<! 
the  blind  woman  during    her  husband's  lifetime, 

..ted  two  rooms,  letting  her  o:. 
•he  had  lived  with  the  present  widow  in  this  way 


about  fourteen  years.  She  Bpeakg  cheerfully  and 
seems  an  excellent  companion  for  a  blind  person. 
On  my  remarking -that  they  could  neither  cf  them 
be  very  cross- tempered  to  have  lived  so  long  to- 
gether, the  lodger  said,  laughingly,  "  0,  we  have  i 
little  tiff  now  and  then,  sir,  as  women  will,  you 
know ;  but  it 's  not  often,  and  we  soon  are  all 
right  again.  Poor  people  like  us  has  something 
else  to  think  of  than  tiffs  and  gossipping." 

THE  BLIND  STREET-SELLER  OP  BOOT-LACKS. 
THE  character,  thoughts,  feelings,  regrets,  and 
even  the  dreams,  of  a  very  interetting  class  of 
street-folk — the  blind — are  given  in  the  narratives 
I  now  proceed  to  lay  before  the  reader,  from  blind 
street-folk  ;  but  a  few  words  of  general  introduc- 
tion are  necessary. 

It  may  be  that  among  the  uneducated — among 
those  whose  feelings  and  whose  bodies  have  been 
subjected  to  what  may  be  called  the  wear  and  tear 
of  poverty  and  privation — there  is  a  tendency,  even 
when  misfortunes  the  most  pitiable  and  undeserved 
have  been  encountered,  to  fall  from  misery  into 
mendicancy.  Even  the  educated,  or,  as  the  street 
people  more  generally  describe  them,  those  "  who 
have  seen  better  days,"  sometimes,  after  the  ordeal 
of  the  streets  and  the  low  lodging-houses,  become 
trading  mendicants.  Among  such  people  there 
may  be,  in  one  capacity  or  other,  the  ability  and 
sometimes  the  opportunity  to  labour,  and  yet — 
whether  from  irrepressible  vagabondism,  from 
utter  repugnance  to  any  settled  mode  of  subsistence 
(caused  either  by  the  natural  disposition  of  the 
individual,  or  by  the  utter  exhaustion  of  mind  and 
body  driving  him  to  beg) — yet,  I  say,  men  of  this 
class  become  beggars  and  even  "  lurkers." 

As  this  is  the  case  with  men  who  have  the  ex- 
ercise of  their  limbs,  and  of  the  several  senses  of 
the  body,  there  must  be  some  mitigating  plea,  if 
not  a  full  justification,  in  the  conduct  of  those  wh? 
beg  directly  or  indirectly,  because  they  cannot  and 
perhaps  never  could  labour  for  their  daily  bread — 
I  allude  to  those  afflicted  with  blindness,  whether 
"  from  their  youth  up"  or  from  the  calamity  being 
inflicted  upon  them  in  mattirer  years. 

By  the  present  law,  for  a  blind  man  to  beg  is  to 
be  amenable  to  punishment,  and  to  be  sir 
to  ;. crimps  the  bitterest  punishment  which  can  be 
put  upon  him — imprisonment ;  to  a  deprivation  of 
what  may  be  his  chief  solace — the  enjoy  men  t  of 
the  fresh  air ;  and  to  a  rupture  of  the  feeling, 
which  cannot  but  be  comforting  to  such  a  man, 
that  under  his  infirmity  he  still  has  the  sympathies 
of  his  fellow-creatures. 

It  appears  to  me,  then,  that  the  blind  havi>  a 
right  to  aak  charity  of  those  whom  God  has 
•pared  so  terrible  an  affliction,  and  who  in  the 
terms  bout  understood  by  the  destitute  th.-i 
are  "well  to  do;"  those  whom  in  the  canting 
huglMflfl  of  a  former  generation  of  blind  mid  other 
beggars — "I'l  M  blessed  with  ;.(", 

This  right  to  »oli<  i:  ;  nose  to  who: 

aid  does  not  even  approach  to  the  sacrifice  of  any 
idle  indulgence — 1<>  «  essary 

want — is  ba*<  <  Iplessnes*,  but  1 

it  becomes  a  mere    business,  and 


440 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


trickiness  by  which  a  street  business  is  sometimes 
characterised. 

On  this  question  of  moral  right,  as  of  political 
expediency,  I  quote  an  .authority  which  must  com- 
mand attention,  that  of  Mr.  Stuart  Mill : — 

Apart  from  any  metaphysical  considerations 
respecting  the  foundation  of  morals  or  of  the  social 
union,  he  says,  "  It  will  be  admitted  to  be  right, 
that  human  beings  should  help  one  another ;  and 
the  more  so,  in  proportion  to  the  urgency  of  the 
need ;  and  none  needs  help  so  urgently  as  one  who 
is  starving.  The  claim  to  help,  therefore,  created 
by  destitution,  is  one  of  the  strongest  which  can 
exist ;  and  there  is  primd  facie  the  amplest  reason 
for  making  the  relief  of  so  extreme  an  exigency  as 
certain,  to  those  who  require  it,  as,  by  any  arrange- 
ments of  society,  it  can  be  made. 

"  On  the  other  hand,  in  all  cases  of  helping, 
there  are  two  sets  of  consequences  to  be  considered ; 
the  consequences  of  the  assistance  itself,  and  the 
consequences  of  relying  on  the  assistance.  The 
former  are  generally  beneficial,  but  the  latter  for 
the  most  part  injurious  ;  so  much  so,  in  many  cases, 
as  greatly  to  outweigh  the  value  of  the  benefit. 
And  this  is  never  more  likely  to  happen  than  in 
the  very  cases  where  the  need  of  help  is  the  most 
intense.  There  are  few  things  for  which  it  is 
more  mischievous,  that  people  should  rely  on  the 
habitual  aid  of  others,  than  for  the  means  of  sub- 
sistence, and  unhappily  there  is  no  lesson  which 
they  more  easily  learn."  I  may  here  mention,  in 
corroboration  of  this  statement,  that  I  was  told  by 
an  experienced  parochial  officer,  that  there  was 
truth  in  the  saying,  "  Once  a  pauper,  and  always 
a  pauper  ;"  which  seems  to  show  that  the  lesson  of 
relying  on  the  habitual  aid  of  others  may  not  only 
be  learned  with  ease,  but  is  forgotten  with  diffi- 
culty. "  The  problem  to  be  solved,"  continues  Mr. 
Mill,  "  is,  therefore,  one  of  peculiar  nicety,  as  well 
as  importance ;  how  to  give  the  greatest  amount  of 
needful  help,  with  the  smallest  encouragement  to 
undue  reliance  on  it. 

"  Energy  and  self-dependence  are,  however,"  Mr. 
Mill  proceeds  to  argue,  and,  in  this  respect,  it 
seems  to  me,  to  argue  to  demonstration,  "  liable  to 
be  impaired  by  the  absence  of  help,  as  veil  as  by  its 
excess.  It  is  even  more  fatal  to  exertion  to  have 
no  hope  of  succeeding  by  it,  than  to  be  assured  of 
succeeding  without  it.  When  the  condition  of  any 
one  is  so  disastrous  that  his  energies  are  paralyzed 
by  discouragement,  assistance  is  a  tonic,  not  a 
sedative :  it  braces,  instead  of  relaxing  the  active 
faculties :  always  provided  that  the  assistance  is 
not  such  as  to  dispense  with  self-help,  by  substi- 
tuting itself  for  the  person's  own  labour,  skill,  and 
prudence,  but  is  limited  to  affording  him  a  better 
hope  of  attaining  success  by  those  legitimate 
means.  This,  accordingly,  is  a  test  to  which  all 
plans  of  philanthropy  and  benevolence  should  be 
brought,  whether  intended  for  the  benefit  of  indi- 
viduals or  of  classes,  and  whether  conducted  OP  the 
voluntary  or  on  the  government  principle. 

"  In  so  far  as  the  subject  admits  of  any  general 
doctriiie  or  maxim,  it  would  appear  to  be  this — 
that  if  assistance  is  given  in  such  a  manner  that 
tA«  condition  of  the  person  helped  is  rtndeied  ; 


as  desirable  as  that  of  another  (in  a  similar 
grade  of  society)  who  succeeds  i'.\  nuuilfatJMiM 
himself  vnthout  help,  the  assistance,  if  systematit 
and  capable  of  being  previously  calculated,  upon, 
is  MISCHIEVOUS  :  but  if,  while  available  to  every- 
body, it  leaves  to  all  a  strong  motive  to  do  without 
it  if  they  can,  it  is  then  for  the  most  part  BENE- 

CIAL." 

That  the  workhouse  should  bring  less  comfort 
and  even  greater  irksomeness  and  restraint  to  any 
able-bodied  inmate,  than  is  felt  by  the  poorest 
agricultural  labourer  in  the  worst-paid  parts  of  the 
country,  or  the  most  wretched  slop  tailor,  or  shoe- 
maker, or  cabinet  maker  in  London,  who  support* 
himself  by  his  own  labour,  is,  I  think,  a  sound 
principle.  However  wretched  the  ploughman 
may  be  in  his  hut,  or  the  tailor  in  his  garret,  he  is 
what  I  have  heard  underpaid  mechanics  call,  still 
"  his  own  man."  He  is  supported  by  his  labour  ; 
he  has  escaped  the  indignity  of  a  reliance  on  others. 

I  need  not  now  enter  into  the  question  whether 
or  not  the  workhouse  system  has  done  more  harm 
than  good.  Some  harm  it  is  assuredly  doing,  for  its 
over-discipline  drives  people  to  beg  rather  tlian 
apply  for  parish  relief;  and  so  the  public  are 
twice  mulct,  by  having  to  pay  compulsorily,  in  the 
form  of  poor's-rate,  and  by  being  induced  to  give 
voluntarily,  because  they  feel  that  the  applicant 
for  their  assistance  deserves  to  be  helped. 

But  although  the  dogma  I  have  cited,  respecting 
the  condition  of  those  in  a  workhouse,  may  be 
sound  in  principle  as  regards  the  able-bodied,  how 
does  it  apply  to  those  who  are  not  able  bodied? 
To  those  who  cannot  work  ?  And  above  all  how 
does  it  apply  to  those  to  whom  nature  has  denied 
even  the  capacity  to  labour  1  To  the  blind,  for 
instance1!  Yet  the  blind  man,  who  dreads  the  in- 
justice of  such  a  creed  applied  to  his  misfortune, 
is  subject  to  the  punishment  of  the  mendacious 
beggar,  should  he  ask  a  passer-by  to  pity  his 
afflictions.  The  law  may  not  often  be  enforced, 
but  sometimes  it  is  enforced — perhaps  more  fre- 
quently in  country  than  in  town — and  surely  it  is 
so  enforced  against  abstract  right  and  political 
morality.  The  blind  beggar,  "  worried  by  the 
police,"  as  I  have  heard  it  described,  becomes  the 
mendacious  beggar,  no  longer  asking,  in  honesty, 
for  a  mite  to  which  a  calamity  that  no  prudence 
could  have  saved  him  gave  him  a  fair  claim,  but 
resorting  to  trick  in  order  to  increase  his  pre- 
carious gains. 

That  the  blind  resort  to  deceitful  representa- 
tions is  unquestionable.  One  blind  man,  I  am 
informed,  said  to  Mr.  Child  the  oculist,  when  he 
offered  to  couch  him,  "Why,  that  would  ruin  me  !" 
And  there  are  many,  I  am  assured,  who  live  by 
the  streets  who  might  have  their  syesight  restored, 
but  who  will  not. 

The  public,  however,  must  be  warned  to  distin- 
guish between  those  determined  beggars  and  the 
really  deserving  and  helpless  blind.  To  allow 
their  sympathies  to  be  blunted  against  all,  because 
some  are  bad,  is  a  creed  most  consolatory  to 
worldly  successful  selfishness,  and  alien  to  every 
principle  of  pure  morals,  as  well  as  to  that  of  ujor« 
than  morals — the  spirit  of  Christianity. 


IAJN DON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


441 


The  feelings  of  the  blind,  apart  from  their  mere 
Bufferings  as  poor  men,  are  well  described  in  some 
of  the  narratives  I  give,  and  the  account  of  a 
blind  man's  dreams  is  full  of  interest.  -Man  is 
blessed  with  the  power  of  seeing  dreams,  it  should 
be  remembered,  visionally;  but  the  blind  man,  to 
whose  statement  I  invite  attention,  dreams,  it 
will  be  seen,  like  the  rest  of  his  fraternity,  through 
the  sense  of  hearing,  or  of  feeling,  best  known  as 
"touching;"  that  is  to  say,  by  audible  or  tactile 
representations. 

Some  of  the  poor  blind,  he  told  me,  are  polishers' 
wheel-turners,  but  there  is  not  employment  for  one 
in  one  hundred  at  this.  My  informant  only  knew 
two  so  engaged.  People,  he  says,  are  glad  to  do  it, 
and  will  work  at  as  losv  wages  as  the  blind.  Some 
blind,  too,  blow  blacksmiths'  forges  at  foun- 
dries; others  are  engaged  as  cutlers'  wheel-turners. 
:e  was  one  talking  to  me  the  other  day, 
and  he  said  he'd  get  me  a  job  that  way."  Others 
again  turn  mangles,  but  at  this  there  is  little  em- 
ployment to  be  had.  Another  blind  acquaintance 
of  my  informant's  chops  chaff  for  horses.  Many  of 
the  blind  are  basket-makers,  learning  the  business 
at  the  blind  school,  but  one-half,  I  am  told,  can't 
make  a  living  at  this,  after  leaving  the  school ; 
they  can't  do  the  work  so  neatly,  and  waste  more 
rods  than  the  other  workers.  Other  blind  peo- 
ple are  chair-bottomers,  and  others  make  rope 
mats  with  a  frame,  but  all  of  these  can  scarcely 
make  a  living.  Many  blind  people  play  church 
organs.  Some  blind  men  are  shoemakers,  but 
their  work  is  so  inferior,  it  is  almost  impossible  to 
live  by  it. 

The  blind  people  are  forced  to  the  streets  because, 
they  say,  they  can  do  nothing  else  to  get  a  living  ; 
at  no  trade,  even  if  they  know  one,  can  they  get  a 
not  qualified  to  work  against 
those  who  can  see  ;  and  what 's  more,  labourers' 
wages  are  so  low  that  people  can  get  a  man  with 
hit  eyesight  at  the  same  price  as  they  could  live 
upon.     "There's   many  a    blind   basket-weaver 
playing  music   in  the  streets  'cause   he  can't  get 
work.     At  the   trade  I  know  one  blind  basket- 
can   make  15ft.  a- week  at  his  trade,  but 
then  he  has  a  good  connection  and  works  fur  his- 
•elf;  the  work  all  comes  home.  He  couldn't  make 
half  that  working  for  a  shop.     At  turning  wheels 
-    nothing  to  be  done ;    there 's   so   many 
men  out  of  employment  that's  glad  to  do 
the  work  at  the  same  price  as  the  blind,  so  that 
nnless  the  blind  will  go  into  the  workhouse,  they 
must  fly  to  the  streets.     The  police,  I  am  told, 
treat  the  l.lr   :  n-nily  :  some  of  the  force 

are  very  good  to  them,  and  some  has  no  ; 
at  all — they  shove  them  about  worse  than  dogs  ; 
but  the  police  is  just  like  other  men,  good  and 
bad   amongst  them.     They  're  very  k 
•aid  ni%  .tut,  "and  they  have  a  difficult 

mi,  and  some  persons,  like  < 
«h,  makes  them  harsher  to  us  than  they 
would  bo."   1  inquired  whether  my  bl  : 
bad  received  '  entui  papers  to  fill  up, 

and  he  told  mo  that  he  had  heard  n 
jthem,  and  that  he  had  <  • 

I  taent  about  hit  blindness;  but  what 


it  was  to  the  government  whether  he  was  blind 
or  not,  he  couldn't  tell.  His  wife  was  blind  as 
well  as  himself,  and  there  was  another  blind  man 
living  in  his  room,  and  none  of  his  blind  friends, 
that  he  had  heard  of,  had  ever  received  any  of  the 
papers. 

"Some  blind  people  in  the  streets  carry  laces. 
There  are  some  five  men  and  one  woman  at  the 
West-end  do  this,  and  three  of  these  have  dogs 
to  lead  them;  one  stands  always  on  Langham-place. 
One  carries  cabbage-nets,  he  is  an  old  man  of 
seventy  year,  with  white  hair,  and  is  likewise  led 
by  a  dog.  Another  carries  matches  (he  has  a 
large  family),  and  he  is  often  led  by  one  of  his 
boys.  There  is  a  blind  woman  who  always  sits 
by  the  Polytechnic,  and  has  indeed  done  so  since 
it  was  built.  She  gets  her  living  by  sewing, 
making  caps  and  things  for  ladies.  Another 
blind  woman  obtains  a  livelihood  by  knitting 
garters  and  covers  for  bread  trays  and  backs  of 
chairs.  She  generally  walks  about  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Baker-street,  and  Portman-square. 
Many  recite  a  lamentation  as  they  go  along,  but 
in  many  parts  of  London  the  police  will  not  allow 
them  to  do  so. 

"  It 's  a  very  jealous  place,  is  London.  The 
police  is  so  busy  ;  but  many  recites  the  lamenta- 
tion for  all  that.  It  's  a  feeling  thing  —  Oh, 
they  're  very  touching  words." 

The  greater  part  in  the  streets  are  musi- 
cians ;  five  to  one  are,  or  ten  to  one.  My  in- 
formant thinks,  last  Thursday  week,  there  were 
seven  blind  musicians  all  playing  through  the 
streets  together  in  one  band.  There  are  four 
living  in  York-court ;  two  in  Grafton-court ;  two 
in  Clemen t's-lane  ;  one  in  Orchard-place ;  two  in 
Gray's-buildings ;  two  in  Half-Moon-street,  in 
the  City,  and  two  in  a  court  hard  by  ;  one  up  by 
Ball's-pond;  two  in  Rose-court,  Whitechapel ;  three 
n  ( i olden-lane  ;  two  at  Chelsea;  three  in  West- 
minster; one  up  at  Paddington  ;  one  (woman)  in 
Marylebone;  one  in  Westminster j  one  in  Gray's- 
n-lane  ;  one  in  Whitechapel :  in  all  thirty-one  ; 
but  my  informant  was  satisfied  there  must  be  at 
east  as  many  more,  or  sixty  blind  musicians 
n  all. 

In  the  course  of  a  former  inquiry  into  the  cha- 
racter and  condition  of  street  performers,  I  re- 
ceived the  following  account  from  a  blind  mu- 
sician : — 

'  The    street   blind   tried,  some  years  back,  to 
maintain  a   burying  and    sick  club  of  our  own/ 
ut    we   were   always   too    poor.      We  live    in 
rooms.     I   don't  know  one   blind   mu>ician   who 
.t  lodgin^'-hoiiM-.     1  in \M-li"  know  n  dozen 
ilind  men  now  performing   in   t 
Ion.      Tin-    blind    niUMciaiiH   are  chiefly    inanir.l 
1  don't  know  one.  who  lives  with  a  woman 
unmarried.      Tin*   loss  of  light  changes  a  man,  h« 
doesn't  think  of  women,  ai.d  women   don't  think 
f  him.     We  are  of  a  religioiu  turn,  too,  gene* 

en  we  agreed  to  form  the  blind  club  there 

I      ft     (lo/.eu      nien.lii-r.s.        Tllegfl 

,,ii    players  .  two  in.m-«f 


442 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


and  thia  was  the  number  when  it  dropped  for 
want  of  funds;  that's  now  sixteen  years  ago. 
We  were  to  pay  Is.  a  month,  and  sick  members 
were  to  have  5s.  a  week  when  they  had  paid  two 
years.  Our  other  rules  were  the  same  as  other 
clubs.  There 's  a  good  many  blind  who  play  at 
Bailors  dances,  Wapping  and  Deptford  way.  We 
seldom  hire  children  to  lead  us  in  the  streets; 
we  have  plenty  of  our  own  generally.  I  have 
five.  Our  wives  are  generally  women  that  have 
their  eyesight ;  but  some  blind  men  marry  blind 
women." 

My  informant  was  satisfied  that  there  were 
at  least  100  blind  men  and  women  getting 
their  living  in  the  streets,  and  about  500  through- 
out the  country.  There  are  many  who  stay  con- 
tinually in  Brighton,  Bristol,  Liverpool,  Birming- 
ham, Manchester,  Newcastle-on-Tyne,  Plymouth, 
and  indeed  all  large  towns.  "  There  are  a  great  many 
blind  people,  I  am  told,"  he  said,  "in  Cornwall. 
It's  such  a  humane  place  for  them  ;  the  people  has 
great  feeling  for  the  blind  ;  they  're  very  religious 
there,  and  a  many  lose  their  sight  in  the  mines, 
and  that 's  what  makes  them  have  a  feeling  for 
others  so."  This  man  heard  a  calculation  made 
some  time  back,  that  there  were  5000  blind  people, 
including  those  in  schools  and  asylums,  within  five 
miles  round  St.  Paul's.  The  most  of  the  blind  have 
lost  their  sight  by  the  small-pox  —  nine  out  of 
every  ten  of  the  musicians  have  done  so ;  since 
the  vaccination  has  beau  discovered,  I  am  told  the 
cases  of  blindness  from  small-pox  have  been  con- 
siderably increased.  "Oh,  that  was  a  very  clever 
thing — very,"  said  the  blind  boot-lace  seller  to  me. 
Those  who  have  not  lost  their  sight  by  the  small-pox, 
have  gone  blind  from  accidents,  such  as  substances 
thrown  or  thrust  in  the  eyes,  or  inflammation 
induced  from  cold  and  other  ailments.  My  infor- 
mant was  not  acquainted  with  one  blind  person  in 
the  streets  who  had  been  born  blind.  One  of  his 
acquaintance  who  had  been  blind  from  birth 
caught  the  small-pox,  and  obtained  his  sight  alter 
recovery  at  eight  years  old.  "  The  great  majority 
have  lost  their  sight  at  an  early  age — when  mere 
children,  indeed ;  they  have  consequently  been 
trained  to  no  employment;  those  few  who  have" 
(my  informant  knew  two)  "  been  educated  in 
the  blind  schools  as  basket-makers,  are  unable 
to  obtain  employment  at  this  like  a  seeing  per- 
son. Why,  the  time  that  a  blind  man's  feeling 
for  the  hole  to  have  a  rod  through,  a  seeing  man 
will  have  it  through  three  or  four  times.  The 
blind  people  in  the  streets  mostly  know  one 
another;  they  say  they  have  all  a  feeling  of 
brotherly  love  for  another,  owing  to  their  being 
similarly  afflicted.  If  I  was  going  along  the 
street,  and  had  a  guide  with  me  that  could  see, 
they  would  say,  '  Here 's  a  blind  man  or  blind 
woman  coming; '  I  would  say,  '  Put  me  up  to  them 
so  as  I'll  speak  to  them ;'  then  1  should  say,  as  I 
laid  my  hand  upon  them,  'Holloa,  who's  this1?' 
they  'd  say,  'I'm  blind.'  I  should  answer,  'So  am  I.' 
'  What 's  your  name  ]'  would  be  the  next  question. 
'  Oh,  I  have  heard  tell  of  you,'  most  like,  I  should 
•ay.  'Do  you  know  so  and  so  ?'  I  would  say, 
f  Yes,  he 's  coming  to  see  rae,'  or  perhaps,  '  I  'm 


going  to  see  him  on  Sunday  :'  then  we  »ay,  'D« 
you  belong  to  any  of  the  Institutions V  that's  the 
most  particular  question  of  all ;  and  if  he  's  not  a 
traveller,  and  we  never  heard  tell  of  one  another, 
the  first  thing  we  should  ask  would  be,  '  How  did 
you  lose  your  sight]'  You  see,  the  way  in  which 
the  blind  people  in  the  streets  gets  to  know  one 
another  so  well,  is  by  meeting  at  the  houses  of 
gentlemen  when  we  goes  for  our  pensions." 

The  boot,  shoe,  and  stay  laces,  are  carried  by 
the  blind,  I  am  told  "  seldom  for  sale;"  for  it's 
very  few  they  sell  of  them.  "  They  have,"  they 
say,  "  to  prevent  the  police  or  mendicity  from 
interfering  with  them,  though  the  police  do  not 
often  show  a  disposition  to  obstruct  them."  "  The 
officers  of  the  Mendicity  Society,"  they  tell  me,  "are 
their  worst  enemies."  These,  however,  have  de- 
sisted from  molesting  them,  because  the  magistrates 
object  to  commit  a  blind  man  to  prison.  The 
blind  never  ask  anybody  for  anything,  they  tell 
me  their  cry  is  simply  "Bootlace!  Bootlace!" 
When  they  do  sell,  they  charge  l\d.  per  pair  for 
the  leather  boot-laces,  Id.  per  pair  the  silk  boot- 
laces, and  ^d.  per  pair  for  the  cotton  boot-laces, 
anil  d.  each  for  the  stay-laces.  They  generally 
carry  t.lack  laces  only,  because  the  white  ones  are 
so  difficult  to  keep  clean.  For  the  stay-laces  they 
pay  'Id.  a  dozen,  and  for  the  boot-iaces  5d.  a 
dozen,  for  the  leather  or  for  the  silk  ones ;  and 
l\d.  for  the  cotton;  each  of  the  boot-laces  is 
double,  so  that  a  dozen  makes  a  dozen  pair.  They 
buy  them  verv  frequently  at  a  swag-shop  in  Comp- 
ton-street.  My  informant  carried  only  the  black- 
cotton  laces,  and  doesn't  sell  six-penny  worth  in  a 
week.  He  did  not  know  of  a  blind  boot  lace- 
seller  that  sold  more  than  he  did. 

'•  Formerly  the  blind  people  in  the  street  used  to 
make  a  great  deal  of  money  ;  up  to  the  beginning 
of  the  peace,  and  during  all  the  war,  the  blind  got 
money  in  handfuls.  Where  there  was  one  blind 
man  travelling  then,  there's  ten  now.  If  they 
didn  't  take  2/.  and  11.  10*.  a  day  in  a  large 
town,  it  was  reckoned  a  bad  day's  work  for  the 
musicianers.  Almost  all  the  blind  people  then 
played  music.  In  war  time  there  was  only  one 
traveller  (tramp) ;  there  are  100  now.  There  was 
scarcely  a  common  lodging-house  then  in  one 
town  out  of  the  three ;  and  now  there  's  not  a 
village  hardly  in  the  country  but  what  there's  one, 
and  perhaps  two  or  three.  Why  the  lodging-houses 
coin  money  now.  Look  at  a  traveller's  house 
where  there  's  twenty  beds  (two  in  each  bed),  at 
3d.  each,  and  that's  10s.  you  know.  There  was 
very  few  blind  beggars  then,  and  what  there  was 
done  well.  Certainly,  done  well  ;  they  could  get 
hatfuls  of  money  almost,  but  then  money  was  of 
no  valley  scarcely ;  you  could  get  nothing  for  it 
most ;  but  now  if  you  get  a  little,  you  can  buy  a 
plenty  with  it.  What  is  worth  $d.  now  fetched 
2s.  then.  I  wasn't  in  the  streets  then,  I  wish 
I  had  been,  I  should  have  made  a  fortin,  I  think 
I  should.  The  blind  beggars  then  could  get  2/.  a 
day  if  they  went  to  look  for  it."  "  I  myself,"  said 
one,  "when  I  first  began,  have  gone  and  sat 
myself  down  by  the  side  of  the  road  and  got  my 
It*,  all  in  half-pence.  When  I  went  to  Brain- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


443 


tree,  I  stood  beside  a  public-honse,  the  '  Orange 
Tr*«,'  just  by  where  the  foot-people  went  on  to 
the  fair  ground,  and  I  took  15*.  a  day  f>>r  two 
days  only,  standing  there  a  pattering  my  lamen- 
tation from  1  o'clock  till  the  dusk  in  the  evening. 
This  is  what  I  said  :  — 

•  Von  feeling  Christians  look  with  pity, 

Unto  my  grief  relate  — 
1'ity  my  misfortune, 
For  my  sufferings  arc  great. 

•  I'm  bound  in  dismal  darkness— 

ner  I  am  led; 

Poor  and  blind,  just  in  prime, 
Brought  to  bet;  my  bread. 

•  When  in  my  plea<:mt  youthful  days 

In  learning  took  delight, 
v.And  when  I  was  in  the  country  I   used  to  say) 

And  by  the  small-pox 
I  lost  my  precious  sight 

ivs  by  an  inflammation) 

•  1  've  lost  all  earthly  comforts, 

Hut  since  it  is  God's  will, 
The  more  1  cannot  see  the  day, 
He  '11  be  my  comfort  still. 

1  In  vain  I  have  sought  doctors, 

Their  learned  skill  did  try, 
But  they  could  not  relieve  me, 

Nor  spare  one  single  eye. 

now  in  dismal  darkness 

For  ever  more  must  be, 
To  spend  my  days  in  silent  tears, 

Till  death  doth  set  me  free. 
'  13ut  had  I  all  the  treasures 

That  decks  an  Indian  shore, 
Was  all  in  my  possession, 

I  'd  part  with  that  wealthy  store, 

'  If  I  once  more  could  gain  my  si-iht, 

And  when  could  gladly  \ 
That  glorious  light  to  get  my  bread, 
And  work  once  more  like  you. 

4  Return  you,  tender  Christians  dear, 
And  pitv  my  iii«t 

a  helpless  prisoner, 
That's  blind  and  comfortless. 

4  I  hope  that  Christ,  our  great  Redeemer, 
Your  kindness  will  repay, 


Ami  reward  vou  with  a  blessing 
On  the  judgment  day.' 


.o  say  '  pity  the  poor  blind,'  but  the  lamen- 

tation is  better.     It  's  a  very  feeling  thing.    Many 

people  stands  still  and  hears  it  right  through,  and 

pivni  a  halfpenny.     I'd  give  one  myself  any  day 

I  it  well  said.     I'm  sure  the  first  time  I 

heard    it   the  very  flesh  crept  on   my   bones.     I 

larnt  it  to  one  blind  man  myself  last  summer. 

"  Now  just  to  show  you  the  difference  of  things 

|§:   I   went  to  the  very  tame 

place  where  I  had  took  11.  by  the  road  side,  as  I 

told,  and  all  I  got  was  4*.,  so  you  can  see  how 

things  was  falling.    The  day  I  took  tin-  11.,  there 

was  only  one  blind  man  in  the  town  bet- 

tne  -1  -.,    there  was  three  men 

blind   there.     Hut  thing*  now  is  much  worse  — 

bless   you,  a  hundred   times   worse.     If  I   went 

tree   fair,   I  don't  think  as  I  should 

uke  3*.     You  see  there  's  10  many  blind  n: 

Khnuld'rit  wonilcr  if  there  'd  be  eight 

. 

*  to  get  a  balfjMMn  *  >  many 

people  that  persons  makes  game  <•' 
-ir  one  another,  they  en 
there  's  ooooaniun  1     See  what  things  is  come  to. 


Twelve  year  ago  I  should  have  thought  the  town 
was  completely  done,  and  people  quite  tired  of  me, 
If  I  didn't  get  my  shilling  going  down  only  one  sid* 
of  a  street,  and  now  I  may  go  up  and  down  and 
not  get  a  penny.  If  I  get  3d.  I  am  very  well  satis- 
fied. But  mind,  I  may  perhaps  sometimes  meet  a 
gentlemen  wh'i  may  give  me  a  shilling,  or  one  who 
may  idve  me  2s.  6oL  ;  a  person  the  other  day 
tapped  me  on  the  shoulder,  near  Brook-street, 
and  said,  '  Here  's  half-a-crown  for  you.'  Why, 
even  five  year  ago  one  gentleman  gave  me  11. 
twice  over  within  three  months,  and  Prince  Na- 
poleon gave  me  a  sovereign  last  23rd  June  was 
two  year.  I  know  the  date,  because  that 's  the 
day  the  blind  people  goes  to  the  Cloth  Hall  to  get 
their  quarter's  money,  25s.,  and  I  thought  I  was 
as  good  as  they."  My  informant  told  me  he  does 
better  than  any  of  them.  "  Not  one  does  better 
than  me,"  he  said,  "  because  I  sticks  to  it  night  and 
day.  It's  12  o'clock  every  night  before  I  leave 
the  streets.  You  know  I  leaves  home  by  ten  of  a 
morning.  I  will  have  it  to  get  a  living.  Many 
says  they  don't  know  how  I  stand  it  to  keep  so 
long  on  my  legs.  I  only  has  two  meals  a  day — 
my  breakfast,  a  bit  of  summat  about  five  or  six  at 
a  public-house — my  dog  though  has  plenty.  I 
feeds  him  well,  poor  fellow.  Many  times  I 
sleep  as  I  go,  and  knock  my  stick  just  the 
same  as  if  I  was  awake.  I  get  a  comfortable 
living — always  a  little  in  debt.  I  've  got  a 
very  good  kerackter,  thank  God — indeed  all  the 
blind  men  has— they  can  always  get  credit ;  and 
my  dog  gets  me  many  a  shilling  that  I  wouldn't 
get  at  all.  But  then  it 's  dreadful  slavery.  I  've 
never  no  amusement — always  out  excepting  on 
Sunday.  Then  I've  got  51.  from  Cloth  Hall, 
besides  a  small  pension  of  Is.,  and  2s.  6d.,  and  5.$. 
a  year  from  different  gentlemen,  who  allows  us  poor 
blind  a  small  pension  yearly.  There  are  many 
gentleman  do  this  at  the  West-end.  Some  will 
allow  lOa.  a  year,  and  some  only  Is.  a  year,  to  a 
suited  number ;  and  they  all  pay  on  a  particular 
day  that  they  may  appoint.  The  Earl  of  Mans- 
field allows  twenty-four  destitute  blind  people 
10*.  6d.  a  year;  and  his  mother  gives  two  blind 
11.,  and  four  10s.  The  Baroness  Rothschild  gives 
to  between  seventy  and  eighty  5*.  a  piece  once  a 
year."  ("Bless  her,"  said  my  informant,  m.'.st 
heartily,  "she  is  a  good  woman.")  "  The  K;trl 
Stanhope  gives  to  between  forty  and  fifty  the 
same  sum  every  year,  and  he  'a  a  fine  kind- 
hearted  p-niieiuui..  Tin  Karl  of  Cork's  brother 
i  I!,.-  of  us  a  shilling  a  piece  once 
a  year.  L.uly  otway  Cave,  she  is  very  good  to 
us;  she  gives  seventy  or  eighty  of  us  l.t.  each 
every  fust  of  May  ;  but  the  butler,  like  a  many 

I    am   IQM,   takes  advantage  of  the  blind, 
and   {nits  them  off  with  ')(/.,  and   takes  a  receipt 

:    l.<.      The  Marl  of  Norn 
2x.  &/.  to  ten  of  us.     Mrs.  Managan,  of  M 

ree  2t.6d.  a  piece.    The  Hon.  ,Mi*»  linuuie 
1*.  a  piece  t 
square,  2t.  a  piece  to  tike.  n.     Tin-  .Marchioness 

—bury,  5*.  a  piece  to  about  thirty.     The 
Earl  of  Harrowby  gives  twelve  5s.  n  ; 
Dudley  Stuart  gives  to  seven  or  eight  5*.  a 


444 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Mr.  Gurney,  Is.  a  piece  to  forty.  Mr.  Ellis,  Arling- 
ton-street, 2s.  6d.  a  piece  to  fourteen.  The  Mar- 
quis of  Bute  used  to  give  5s.  a  piece  to  sixty  or 
seventy;  but  the  Marchioness,  since  his  death, 
has  discontinued  his  allowance.  The  Dean  of 
Westminster  gives  Is.  a  piece  to  thirty  on  Boxing- 
day.  Mr.  Spottiswoode,  Is.  a  piece  to  about  four- 
teen. Archbishop  of  Oxford,  5s.  a  piece  to  twelve. 
Rev.  Sir  Samuel  •Jarris,  2s.  Qd.  a  piece  to  five. 
Lady  Dundas,  Is.  a  piece  to  about  fourteen  or 
fifteen.  The  Earl  of  Besborough,  Is.  each  to  ten. 
Lord  Stafford,  Is.  each  to  about  twenty  ;  he  used 
to  give  2s.  6d.,  but,  owing  to  his  servant,  I  am 
told  the  sum  has  been  reduced  to  Is.  Lady 
Isabella  Thynne,  Is.  to  ten.  The  Countess  of 
Carlisle,  2s.  6d.  each  to  sixteen.  Earl  Fitzwilliam 
used  to  give  5s.  to  some,  and  2s.  6d.  to  others,  to 
about  twenty.  The  Countess  of  Essex,  2s.  Gd. 
each  to  three.  Lord  Hatherton,  2$.  Cnl.  each  to 
twelve.  John  Ashley  Warr,  Esq.,  5s.  each  to 
twenty-four.  Lord  Tynemouth,  2s.  6d.  each  to 
forty.  Miss  Vaughan,  2s.  6d.  each  to  forty  (this 
is  bequeathed  for  ever).  Lord  Saltoun,  5s.  each 
to  three.  Mr.  Hope,  Is.  each  to  fifty.  Mr.  Warren 
(Bryanstone-square),  Is.  each  to  twenty-five.  Miss 
Howard  (York-place),  Is.  each  to  every  blind  per- 
son that  calls  on  Boxing-day.  Sir  John  Curtis,  Is. 
each  to  eighty  (this  is  also  a  bequest).  Lady 
Beresford,  Is.  each  to  forty.  Lord  Robert  Gros- 
venor  gives  I/,  each  to  some  few.  The  Countess 
of  Andover,  2s.  6d.  a  piece  to  ten.  Lord  Stanle* 
used  to  give  3s.  to  about  twelve;  but  two  years 
ago  the  allowance  was  discontinued.  The  Marqui* 
of  Bristol  gives  10s.  to  eighteen.  The  Bishop  ol 
London,  5s.  to  every  one  that  can  obtain  a  minis- 
ter's signature.  Mr.  Mackenze  (Devonshire-place), 
2s.  6d.  to  ten.  Mr.  Deacon,  2s.  6d.  to  ten.  Miss 
Sheriff  (Manchester-square),  Is.  to  twenty.  Miss 
Morrison  (Cadogan-place),  Is.  each  to  ten.  Mrs. 
Kittoye  (Wilton-crescent),  Is.  to  twenty.  Mrs. 
Ferguson,  2s.  6d.  each  to  seven.  The  Earl  ot 
Haddington,  10s.  each  to  twelve."  I  am  assured 
that  these  are  only  half  of  the  donors  to  the  blind, 
and  that,  with  the  exception  of  Lady  Liddledam,- 
there  is  not  one  person  living  eastward  of  Tottenham 
Court-road,  who  allows  the  smallest  pension  to  the 
blind.  My  informant  told  me  that  he  knew  of  no 
attorneys,  barristers,  surgeons,  physicians,  soldiers 
or  sailors,  who  distributed  any  money  to  the  blind, 
yior  one  tradesman.  I  think  I  get  10s.  a  week 
regular,"  he  said.  "While  the  quality 'sin  town 
I  'm  safe.  For  other  times  I  can't  count  above  5s. 
a  week  at  the  outside — if  it 's  the  least  damp  in 
the  world,  the  quality  will  not  come  out.  The 
musicians,  you  see,  have  got  the  chance  of  a  damp 
day,  for  then  all  the  best  people 's  at  home ; 
but  such  as  me  does  well  only  when  they  're  out. 
If  it  wasn't  for  the  pensions  that  the  quality 
gives  to  the  blind  during  the  winter,  they 
couldn't  do  at  all.  The  blind  people  who  have 
guides  pay  them  no  wages,  they  find  them 
their  victuals  and  clothes  ;  but  the  guides  are 
mostly  children,  and  the  blind  are  very  good  to 
them ;  many  that  I  know  spuioils  the." 

The  blind  people  are  mostly  all  of  a  religious 
*urn  of  mind.    They  all  make  a  point  of  attending 


divine  service ;  and  the  majority  of  them  art 
Catholics.  My  informant  knew  only  five  among 
his  blind  neighbours  who  were  Protestants — and 
two  of  these  were  Presbyterians,  one  a  Metho- 
dist, and  two  Churchmen  ;  and  on  the  other  hand 
he  numbered  up  fourteen  Catholics,  all  going  to  the 
same  chapel,  and  living  within  a  short  distance  of 
himself.  They  are  peculiarly  distinguished  by  a 
love  of  music.  "It's  a  sure  bit  of  bread  to  the 
most ;  besides,  it  makes  them  independent,  you 
see,  and  that's  a  great  thing  to  people  like  us." 
There  is  not  one  teetotaller,  I  am  told,  among  the 
street  blind,  but  they  are  not  distinguished  by  a 
love  of  drink.  The  blind  musicians  often,  when 
playing  at  public-houses,  are  treated  to  drink,  and, 
indeed,  when  performing  in  the  streets,  are  taken 
by  drunken  men  to  play  at  taverns,  and  there 
supplied  with  liqnor;  but  they  do  not  any  of 
them  make  a  habit  of  drinking.  There  is,  how- 
ever, one  now  in  prison  who  is  repeatedly  intoxi- 
cated ;  and  this,  the  blind  say,  is  a  great  injury 
to  them  ;  for  people  who  see  one  of  them  drunk  in 
the  streets,  believe  that  they  are  all  alike ;  and 
there  is  one  peculiarity  among  them  all — being 
continually  mistaken  for  one  another.  However 
different  they  may  be  in  features,  still,  from  the 
circumstance  of  their  being  blind,  and  being 
mostly  accompanied  by  a  dog,  or  a  guide,  few 
persons  can  distinguish  one  from  another.  They 
are  mostly  very  jealous,  they  tell  me,  because  they 
say  every  one  takes  advantage  of  their  affliction, 
even  their  own  children,  and  their  own  wives. 
"Some  of  the  wives  dress  themselves  very  gaily, 
because  they  know  their  husbands  can't  see  their 
fine  clothes,  particularly  those  that  have  got  no 
children — then  there's  none  to  tell.  But,  pray  mind 
I  only  speaking  of  some  of  them — don't  blame  the 
whole.  People  never  took  no  money  out  of  my 
dog's  basket — two  gals  of  the  town  once  did  try  to 
steal  a  shilling  out  of  it,  that  some  gentleman  had 
dropped  in,  bnt  the  dog  barked,  and  they  gave  ;i 
scream,  and  run  away.  Many  of  the  blind  men 
have  married  blind  women — they  say  that  they 
don't  like  seeing  women.  If  seeing  men  find  it  a 
hard  job  to  take  care  of  seeing  women,  how  are 
blind  men  to  do  itl"  My  informant  knows  six 
blind  men  who  have  married  blind  wives — the 
blind  wives,  I  am  told,  stick  closer  to  home — and 
do  not  want  to  go  to  plays,  or  dances,  or  shows, 
and  have  no  love  of  dress — and  they  are  generally 
more  sober  than  those  who  can  see.  "A  blind 
person,"  says  one,  "  has  no  reason  to  be  as  wicked 
as  those  that  can  see — there  's  not  half  the  tempta- 
tion, you  know.  The  women  do  all  their  house- 
hold duties  as  well  as  if  they  had  their  eyesight. 
They  make  puddings  and  pies,  and  boil  them,  or 
send  them  to  the  oven,  as  well,  as  quick,  and  as 
handy  as  a  woman  that  can  see.  They  sweep  the 
flocr  without  leaving  a  speck ;  and  tidy  the  room, 
and  black-lead  the  grate,  and  whiten  the  heart!:, 
and  dress  the  chimney-piece  off  quite  handsome,  I 
can  tell  you.  They  take  great  pride  in  then 
chimney-piece — they  like  other  people  to  see  it — 
and  they  take  great  pride  in  having  their  house 
quite  clean  and  neat  Where  I  live  it 's  the 
remark  of  all,  that  they  who  can't  see  have  theii 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


445 


the  cleanest  I  don't  know  of  any  blind 
person  that  has  a  looking-glass  over  the  mantel- 
piece, though.  I  'm  sure  that  many  would,  if 
they  had  the  money,  just  to  please  their  friends. 
And,  what's  more  strange,  the  blind  wives  will 
wash  their  husbands'  shirts  quite  clean."  "The 
blind  are  very  fond  of  their  children,  you  see,  sir," 
said  one;  "  we  owe  so  much  to  them,  they're  such 
helps  to  us,  even  from  their  very  infancy.  You'll 
ittle  thing  that  can  hardly  walk,  leading 
her  blind  father  about,  and  then,  may  be,  our 
affliction  makes  them  loves  us  the  more.  The 
blind  people  are  more  comfortable  at  home — they 
;ire  more  together,  and  more  dependent  on  one 
another,  and  don't  like  going  out  into  company  as 
others  do.  With  women  a  love  of  company  is 
mostly  of  a  love  of  seeing  others,  and  being  seen 
themselves,  so  the  blind  wives  is  happy  and  con- 
tented at  home.  No  man  that  could  see,  unless 
he  was  a  profligate,  would  think  of  marrying  a 
blind  woman  ;  and  the  blind  women  knows  this, 
and  that's  why  they  love  their  blind  husbands  the 
more — they  pity  one  another,  and  so  can't  help 
liking  each  other."  Now,  it 's  strange,  that  with 
no  many  blind  couples  living  together,  no  one  ever 
heard  of  any  accident  from  fire  with  blind  people 
— the  fact  is,  their  blindness  makes  them  so  care- 
ful, that  there  's  no  chance  of  it ;  besides,  when 
there's  two  blind  people  together,  they  never 
hardly  light  a  candle  at  all,  except  when  a  stranger 
comes  in,  and  then  they  always  ask  him,  before 
he  leaves,  to  put  the  light  out. 

The  blind  people  generally  are  persons  of  great 
feeling;  they  are  very  kind  and  charitable  to  per- 
sons who  are  in  any  way  afflicted,  or  even  to  poor 
persons.  Many  of  those  who  live  on  charity 
themselves  are,  I  am  assured,  very  generous  to 
those  that  want.  One  told  me  that  "  a  beggar 
had  come  to  his  house,  and  he  had  made  him 
cry  with  his  story ;  my  heart"  he  said,  "  was 
that  full  I  was  ashamed."  They  're  not  par- 
ticularly proud,  though  they  like  to  be  well- 
dressed,  and  they  say  that  no  one  can  get  a  wife 
so  soon  as  a  blind  man.  One  assured  me  that 
he'd  go  into  any  lodging-house  in  the  country 
two  or  three  if  he  wanted — only  they'd 
light,  he  said.  "  You  see  in  the  lodging-houses 
there  are  many  woman  whose  husbands  (but  they  're 
not  married,  you  know)  have  told  them  to  go  on 
and  said  they  would  follow  them,  which  of  course 
they  don't;  or  there's  many  in  such  places  as 
wants  a  companion.  When  a  blind  man  goes  into 
these  houses,  a  woman  is  sure  to  say  to  him, 
I  fetch  you  anything,  master?'  Half  an 
Motet  of  tea  may  be,  and  when  they've  got  it.  .  t 
course,  they  're  invited  to  have  a  cup,  and  that 
••  business.  She  becomes  the  blind  man's 
guide  after  that  The  next  morning,  after  t. -11  ing 
one  another  where  to  meet — '  I  'm  go'ng 
road,'  they  whisper  to  each  other,— awny  they 
starts.  I  've  known  many  a  blind  man  ran  away 
with  a  seeing  Ban's  wife.  The  women,  I  think, 
doe.  it  for  a  living,  and  that's  all 

"I    can't   see    the    least  light  in    the    world 

the    brightest   sun    that   ever   shone,      I 

b*v  ;»ressed    my   eye- balls— thw  are  quite  de- 


cayed,  you  see;  but  I  have  pushed  them  in, 
and  they  have  merely  hurt  me,  and  the  watei 
has  run  from  them  faster  than  ever.  I  have  never 
seen  any  colours  when  I  did  so."  (This  question 
was  asked  to  discover  whether  the  illusion  called 
"  peacock's  feathers "  could  still  be  produced  by- 
pressure  on  the  nerve).  "I  have  been  struck  on 
the  eye  since  I  have  been  blind,  and  then  I 
have  seen  a  flash  of  fire  like  lightning.  I  know 
it 's  been  like  that,  because  I  've  seen  the 
lightning  sometimes,  when  it 's  been  very  vivid, 
even  since  I  was  stone  blind.  It  was  terrible 
pain  when  I  was  struck  on  the  eye.  A  man  one 
day  was  carrying  some  chairs  along  the  street,  and 
struck  me  right  in  the  eye-ball  with  the  end  of 
the  leg  of  one  of  the  chairs ;  and  I  fell  to  the 
ground  with  the  pain.  I  thought  my  heart  was 
coming  out  of  my  mouth  ;  then  I  saw  the  brightest 
hVish  that  ever  I  saw,  either  before  or  since  I  was 
blind."  (I  irritated  the  ball  of  the  eye  with  the 
object  of  discovering  whether  the  nerve  was  de- 
cayed, but  found  it  impossible  to  produce  any  lu- 
minous impression — though  I  suspect  this  arose  prin- 
cipally from  the  difficulty  of  getting  him  to  direct 
his  eye  in  the  proper  direction).  "  I  know  the  differ- 
ence of  colours,  because  I  remember  them ;  but  I 
can't  distinguish  them  by  my  touch,  nor  do  I 
think  that  any  blind  man  in  the  world  ever  could. 
I  have  heard  of  blind  people  playing  at  cards,  but 
it 's  impossible  they  can  do  so  any  other  way  than 
by  having  them  marked.  I  know  many  that 
plays  cards  that  way."  He  was  given  two  similar 
substances,  but  of  different  colours,  to  feel,  but 
could  not  distinguish  between  them  — both  were 
the  same  to  him,  he  said,  "  with  the  exception  that 
one  felt  stiffer  than  the  other.  I  know  hundreds 
of  people  myself — and  they  know  hundreds  more 
— and  none  of  us  has  ever  heard  of  one  that  could 
tell  colours  by  the  feel.  There  's  blind  people  in 
the  school  can  tell  the  colours  of  their  rods ;  but 
they  do  so  by  putting  their  tongue  to  them,  and 
so  they  can  distinguish  them  that '»  been  dipped  in 
copperas  from  them  that  hasn't.  I  know  blind  people 
can  take  a  clock  to  pieces,  and  put  it  togethr: 
as  well  as  any  person  that  can  see.  Blind 
people  gets  angry  when  they  hear  people  talk  of 
persons  seeing  with  their  lingers.  A  man  has 
told  me  that  a  blind  person  in  St  James's  work- 
house could  read  the  newspaper  with  his  lingers, 
but  that,  the  blind  know,  is  quite  impossible." 
Many  blind  men  can,  1  am  told,  distinguish 
i  kinds  of  wood  bv  touch  a!"iie. 
Mahogany,  oak,  ash,  elm,  deal,  they  say,  have  all 
a  different  feel.  They  declare  it  is  quite  ridiculous, 
the  o'limion  report,  that  Mind  people  ran  discern 
colour*  by  the  touch.  Mneoi  my  informants,  who 
assured  me  that  he  was  considered  to  be  one  of 
.•rent  of  blind  people,  told  me  that  lie  had 

made   several    experiments  on   this   subject,  and 
never  could  distinguish  the  least  ditVer. 
black  or  red.  »r.  in- 

deed, any  of  the  mixed  colours.     ••  My  -,-.  •.-,"  said 
one*  "went  blind  so  young,  that  she  <• 
remember  having  f  often 

sorry  for  her  that  she  has  no  idea  of  what  a  l,-nu- 
UfttJ  thing  light  or  colours  is.    We  often  talk  about 


446 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


it  together,  and  then  she  goes  a  little  bit  melan- 
choly, because  I  can't  make  her  understand  what 
the  daylight  is  like,  or  the  great  delight  that  there 
is  in  seeing  it.  I  've  often  asked  whether  she 
knows  that  the  daylight  and  the  candlelight  is  of 
different  colours,  and  she  has  told  me  she  thinks 
they  are  the  same ;  but  then  she  has  no  notion  of 
colours  at  all.  Now,  it 's  such  people  as  these  I 
pities."  I  told  the  blind  man  of  Sanderson's  won- 
derful effect  of  imagination  in  conceiving  that  the 
art  of  seeing  was  similar  to  that  of  a  series  of 
threads  being  drawn  from  the  distant  object  to 
the  eye ;  and  he  was  delighted  with  the  explana- 
tion, saying,  "  he  could  hardly  tell  how  a  born  blind 
man  could  come  at  such  an  idea."  On  talking  with 
this  man,  he  told  me  he  remembered  having  seen 
a  looking-glass  once — his  mother  was  standing 
putting  her  cap  on  before  it,  and  he  thought  he 
never  saw  anything  so  pretty  as  the  reflection  of 
the  half-mourning  gown  she  had  on,  and  the  white 
feathery  pattern  upon  it  (he  was  five  years  old  then). 
He  also  remembered  having  seen  his  shadow,  and 
following  it  across  the  street ;  these  were  the  only 
two  objects  he  can  call  to  mind.  He  told  me  that 
he  knew  many  blind  men  who  could  not  compre- 
hend how  things  could  be  seen,  round  or  square, 
all  at  once ;  they  are  obliged,  they  say,  to  pass 
their  fingers  all  over  them  ;  and  how  it  is  th.it  the 
shape  of  a  thing  can  be  known  in  an  instant,  they 
cannot  possibly  imagine.  I  found  out  that  this 
blind  man  fancied  the  looking-glass  reflected  only 
one  object  at  once — only  the  object  that  was  imme- 
diately in  front  of  it ;  and  when  I  told  him  that, 
looking  in  the  glass,  I  could  see  everything  in  the 
room,  and  even  himself,  with  my  back  turned  to- 
wards him,  he  smiled  with  agreeable  astonishment. 
He  said,  "  You  see  how  little  I  have  thought  about 
the  matter."  There  was  a  blind  woman  of  his 
acquaintance,  he  informed  me,  who  could  thread 
the  smallest  needle  with  the  finest  hair  in  a  minute, 
and  never  miss  once.  "  She  '11  do  it  in  a  second. 
Many  blind  women  thread  their  needles  with  their 
tongues  ;  the  woman  who  stitches  by  the  Poly- 
technic always  does  so."  My  informant  was  very 
fond  of  music.  One  of  the  blind  makes  his  own 
teeth,  he  told  me ;  his  front  ones  have  all  been 
replaced  by  one  long  bit  of  bone  which  he  has 
fastened  to  the  stumps  of  his  two  eye  teeth  :  he 
makes  them  out  of  any  old  bit  of  bone  he  can 
pick  up.  He  files  them  and  drills  a  hole  through 
them  to  faste.ii  them  into  his  head,  and  eats  his  food 
«vith  them.  He  is  obliged  to  have  teeth  because  he 
plays  the  clarionet  in  the  street.  "Music,"  he  said, 
"is  our  only  enjoyment,  we  all  like  to  listen  to  it 
and  learn  it."  It  affects  them  greatly,  they  tell  me, 
and  if  a  lively  tune  is  played,  they  can  hardly  help 
dancing.  "Many  a  tune  I  've  danced  to  so  that  I 
could  hardly  walk  the  next  day,"  said  one.  Almost 
all  of  the  blind  men  are  clever  at  reckoning.  It 
seems  to  come  natural  to  them  after  the  loss  of  their 
sight.  By  counting  they  say  they  spend  many  a  dull 
hour — it  appears  to  be  all  mental  arithmetic  with 
them,  for  they  never  aid  their  calculations  by  their 
fingers  or  any  signs  whatever.  My  informant 
knew  a  blind  man  who  could  reckon  or.  what  day 
it  was  new  moon  for  a  hundred  years  bacK,  or  when 


it  will  be  new  moon  a  century  to  come — he  had 
never  had  a  book  read  to  him  on  the  subject  in  his 
life — he  was  one  of  the  blind  wandering  musicians. 
My  informant  told  me  he  often  sits  for  hours  and 
calculates  how  many  quarters  of  ounces  there  are 
in  a  ship-load  of  tea,  and  such  like  things.  Many 
of  the  blind  are  very  partial  to  the  smell  of 
flowers.  My  informant  knew  one  blind  man 
about  the  streets  who  always  would  have  some 
kind  of  smelling  flowers  in  his  room. 

"  The  blind  are  very  ingenious ;  oh,  very  !"  said 
one  to  me,  "  they  can  do  anything  that  they  can 
feel.  One  blind  man  who  kept  a  lodging-house  at 
Manchester  and  had  a  wife  fond  of  drink,  made  a 
little  chest  of  drawers  (about  two  feet  high),  in 
which  he  used  to  put  his  money,  and  so  cleverly 
did  he  arrange  it  that  neither  his  wife  nor  any  one 
else  could  get  at  the  money  without  breaking  the 
drawers  all  to  pieces.  Once  while  her  blind  hus- 
band was  on  his  travels,  she  opened  every  drawer 
by  means  of  false  keys,  and  though  she  took  each 
one  out,  she  could  find  no  means  to  get  at  the 
money,  which  she  could  hear  jingling  inside  when 
she  shook  it.  At  last  she  got  so  excited  over  it  that 
she  sent  for  a  carpenter,  and  even  he  was  obliged  to 
confess  that  he  could  not  get  to  it  without  taking 
the  drawers  to  pieces.  The  same  blind  man  had  a 
great  fancy  for  white  mice,  and  made  a  little  house 
for  them  out  of  pieces  of  wood  cut  into  the  shape 
of  bricks :  there  were  doors,  windows,  and  all,"  said 
my  informant.  The  blind  are  remarkable  for  the 
quickness  of  their  hearing — one  man  assured  me 
he  could  hear  the  lamp-posts  in  the  streets,  and, 
indeed,  any  substance  (any  solid  thing  he  said) 
that  he  passed  in  the  street,  provided  it  be  as  high 
as  his  ear;  if  it  were  below  that  he  could  not  ktar 
it  so  well. 

"  Do  you  know,  I  can  hear  any  substance  in 
the  street  as  I  pass  it  by,  even  the  lamp-post  or  a 
dead  wall — anything  that's  the  height  of  my 
head,  let  it  be  ever  so  small,  just  as  well,  and  tell 
what  it  is  as  well  as  you  as  can  see.  One  night 
I  was  coming  home — you  '11  be  surprised  to  hear 
this — along  Burlington-gardens,  between  twelve 
and  one  o'clock,  and  a  gentleman  was  following 
me.  I  knew  he  was  not  a  poor  man  by  his  walk, 
but  I  didn't  consider  he  was  watching  me.  I  just 
heerd  when  I  got  between  Sackville-street  and 
Burlington-street.  Oh,  I  knows  every  inch  of 
the  street,  and  I  can  go  as  quick  as  you  can,  and 
walk  four  mile  an  hour;  know  where  I  am  all  the 
while.  I  can  tell  the  difference  of  the  streets  by 
the  sound  of  my  ear— a  wide  street  and  a  narrow 
street — I  can't  tell  a  long  street  till  I  get  to  the 
bottom  of  it.  I  can  tell  when  I  come  to  an  open- 
ing or  a  turning  just  by  the  click  on  the  ear,  with- 
out either  my  touching  with  hand  or  stick.  Well, 
as  I  was  saying,  this  gentleman  was  noticing  me, 
and  just  as  I  come  to  turn  up  Cork-street,  which, 
you  know,  is  my  road  to  go  into  Bond-street,  on 
my  way  home;  just  as  I  come  into  Cork-street, 
and  was  going  to  turn  round  the  corner,  th« 
sergeant  of  police  was  coming  from  Bond-street, 
at  the  opposite  corner  of  Cork-street,  I  heerd  him, 
and  he  just  stopped  to  notice  me,  but  didn't  know 
Uie  gentleman  was  noticing  i&e  too.  I  whipped 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


447 


round  the  corner  as  quick  as  any  man  that  had 
his  sight,  and  said,  '  Good  night,  policeman.'  I 
can  tell  a  policeman's  foot  anywhere,  when  he 
comes  straight  along  in  his  regular  way  while  on 
his  beat,  and  they  all  know  it  too.  I  can't  tell 
it  where  there's  a  noise,  but  in  the  stillness  of  the 
night  nothing  would  beat  me.  I  can't  hear  the 
lamp-posts  when  there 's  a  noise.  When  I  said, 
'  Good  night,  policeman,'  the  gentleman  whipped 
across  to  him,  and  says,  '  Is  that  man  really  blind?" 
and  by  this  time  I  was  half  way  «p  Cork-street, 
when  the  gentleman  hallooed  to  me  to  stop;  and 
he  comes  up,  and  says,  says  he,  '  Are  you  really 
blind?'  The  sergeant  of  police  was  with  him,  and 
he  says,  '  Yes,  he  is  really  blind,  sir ;'  and  then  he 
says,  '  How  is  it  that  you  go  so  cleverly  along  the 
treet  if  you're  blind?'  Well,  I  didn't  want  to 
stop  bothering  with  him,  so  I  merely  says,  *  I 
do  far  cleverer  things  than  that.  I  can  hear  the 
lamp-post  as  well  as  you  that  can  see  it.'  He 
says,  '  Yes,  because  you  know  the  distance  from  one 
to  another.'  The  sergeant  stood  there  all  the  time, 
and  he  says,  '  No,  that  can't  be,  for  they  're  not  a 
regular  distance  one  from  another.'  Then  the 
gentleman  says,  '  Now,  could  you  tell  if  I  was 
standing  in  the  street  when  you  passed  me  by?' 
I  said,  'Yes;  but  you  mustn't  stand  behind  the 
lamp-post  to  deceive  me  with  the  sound  of  the 
substance.'  Then  he  went  a\vay  to  try  me,  and  a 
fine  try  we  had.  He  will  laugh  when  he  sees 
that  they  're  all  put  down.  When  he  went  away  I 
recollected  that  if  he  didn't  stand  as  near  to  the 
pavement  as  the  lamp-post  is,  and  remain  still, 
he  'd  deceive  me.  Oh,  certainly,  I  couldn't  hear 
him  if  he  was  far  off,  and  I  shouldn't  hear  him  in 
the  same  way  as  I  can  hear  the  lamp-posts  if  he 
didn't  stand  still.  The  policeman  hallooed  after 
him,  and  told  him  that  he  mustn't  deceive  me; 
but  he  wouldn't  make  no  answer,  for  fear  I  should 
catch  the  sound  of  his  voice  and  know  where  he 
was.  I  had  agreed  to  touch  every  substance  as  I 
went  along  and  round  the  street  to  look  for  him  ; 
we  always  call  it  looking  though  we  are  blind. 
Well,  when  he  had  stood  still  the  sergeant  told  me 
to  go;  he's  the  sergeant  of  St.  James*  station- 
house,  and  has  been  often  speaking  to  me  since 
about  it ;  and  on  I  went  at  the  rate  of  about  three 
mile  an  hour,  and  touched  every  lamp-post  with- 
out feeling  for  them,  but  just  struck  them  with  my 
•tick  as  I  xvent  by,  without  stopping,  and  cried 
out,  '  There's  a  substance.'  At  last  I  come  to  him. 
There 's  a  mews,  you  know,  just  by  the  hotel  in 
Cork-street,  and  the  gentleman  stood  between  the 
mews  mud  Clifford-street,  in  Cork-street;  and  when 
I  come  up  to  him,  I  stopped  quite  suddenly,  and 

nt  '  There  '•  a  substance.'  As  I  was  offering 
to  touch   kirn  with  my  stick,  he  drew  bn< 

.-.     Th«-n  he  would  have 

another  try,  but  I  picked  him  out  again,  but  that 
wouldn't  sat  1  he  would  try  me  a  third 

aid  then,  when  I  come  up  to  him,  he  kept 
tawing  back,  right  into  the  middle  of  the  road, 

tone*  scrunch  under  his  : 
I  say.,  'Oh,  that's  not  fair,'  and  he  says, 
I'm  \,  ••  made  me  a  present,  and  said 

(hat  he  would  like  to  «pend  an  hour  some  night 


with  me  again.  I  don't  think  he  was  a  doc- 
tor, 'cause  he  never  took  no  notice  of  my  eyes, 
but  he  was  a  real  gentleman — the  sergeant 
said  so. 

"  When  I  dream,  it 's  just  the  same  as  I  am 
now,  I  dream  of  hearing  and  touching.  The  last 
dream  that  I  had  was  about  a  blind  man — that  'a 
in  prison  just  now.  I  went  into  his  wife's  house, 
I  knew  it  was  her  house  by  the  sound  of  my  foot 
in  it.  I  can  tell  whether  a  place  is  clean  or  dirty 
by  the  sound.  Then  I  heard  her  say,  '  Well,  how- 
do  you  get  on  ?'  and  I  said  'Very  well ; '  and  she 
said  '  Sit  down,'  and  after  sitting  there  a  little 
while,  I  heard  a  voice  at  the  door,  and  I  said  to 
her,  'Bless  me,  wouldn't  you  think  that  was  John;' 
she  said,  '  Yes,  I  would,'  but  she  took  no  farther 
notice,  and  I  heard  his  voice  repeatedly.  I 
thought  he  was  speaking  to  a  child,  and  I  got  up 
and  went  to  the  door,  and  says,  'Halloa!  is  this 
you ;'  I  was  quite  surprised  and  took  him  by  the 
arm  (laying  his  hand  on  his  own)  and  he  was  in 
his  shirt  sleeves.  I  knew  that  by  the  feel.  Then 
I  was  kind  of  afeard  of  him,  though  I  am  not 
afeard  of  anything.  I  was  rather  surprised  that 
he  should  come  out  three  weeks  before  his  time. 
Then  I  dreamt  that  he  tried  to  frighten  and 
pushed  me  down  on  the  floor,  that  way  (making 
the  motion  sideways),  to  make  me  believe  he  was 
a  ghost.  I  felt  it  as  plain  as  I  should  if  you 
were  to  do  the  same  to  me  now.  I  says  to  him 
'  Don't  be  so  foolish,  sit  down',  and  I  pushed  him 
away  and  got  up.  When  I  got  up,  his  wife  says 
to  him,  '  Sit  down,  John,  and  don't  be  so  foolish; 
sit  down,  and  behave  yourself;'  and  then  we  set 
down  the  two  of  us,  just  on  the  edge  of  the  lied 
(here  he  moved  his  hand  along  the  edge  of  the 
table).  I  thought  it  was  turned  down.  He's  a 
very  resolute  man  and  a  wicked  one,  this  blind 
man  is,  so  I  would  like  to  have  been  out  from 
him,  but  I  wasafeard  to  go,  for  he  'd  pot  a  hold  of 
me ;  after  that  I  waked  and  I  heerd  no  more. 
But  it's  my  real  opinion  that  he's  dead  now,  it  is 
indeed,  through  having  such  dreams  of  him  I 
think  so  ;  and  the  same  night  his  wife  dreamt 
that  I  was  killed  and  all  knocked  into  about  a 
hundred  pieces;  and  those  two  dreams  conviixe 
me  something 's  come  to  him.  Oh,  I  do  tirmlv  l>e- 
li.-ve  in  dreams,  that  I  do;  they 're  sent  for  people 
to  foresee  things,  I'm  certain  of  it,  if  people  will 
only  take  notice  ->f  Vm.  I  have  been  many  times 
in  prison  myself,  while  I  '\c  Ix-m  travelling  the 
country.  You  know  in  many  towns  they 
nnd  takes  you  up  without  trivm  you  never  no 
warning  if  they  catches  you  beg-ini:.  I  was  took 
up  once  in  L  in  Hull,  mice  in  i 

;,n<l  once   in   UuMelonl,  in   Devonshire.     Most  of 
the  times  I  had  a  month,  and  one  oi  them  only 
seven  days.      I   think   that's  very  unjust 
to  aay  you  mustn't  do  it ;  Imt  to  drag  \ 
without  never  no  warning.      Every  time  \< 
was  put  in   quod    I  had  always  dreamt  t 
father  was  starring  to  death  for  want  of  \j( -tuals, 
and  at  hut  I  got  to  know   w 
that,  I   was  g  t»  rr.vn.     1 

dreamt  about  my  mother;  she  died,  you  see,  when 
I  was  very  young,  and  I  n«-»cr  r. •memU-r 


448 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


her  speak  but  once  or  twice.  My  father  never 
did  the  thing  that  was  right  to  me,  and  I  didn't 
care  much  about  him.  When  I  was  at  home  I 
was  very  fond  of  pigeons,  and  my  mind  went 
so  much  upon  them,  that  I  used  to  dream  of  it 
the  night  before,  always  when  they  had  eggs, 
and  when  my  rabbits  had  young  ones  too.  I 
know  when  I  wake  in  the  morning  that  I  am 
awake  by  my  thoughts.  Sometimes  I  dream 
I  've  got  a  lot  of  money  in  my  hand,  and  when 
I  wake  and  put  my  hand  to  feel  it,  it 's  gone, 
there  's  none  there,  and  so  I  know  it 's  been  only  a 
dream.  I'm  much  surprised  at  my  disappointment 
though." 

Many  of  the  blind  are  very  fond  of  keeping 
birds  and  animals  ;  some  of  them  keep  pigeons  in 
one  of  their  rooms,  others  have  cocks  and  hens, 
and  others  white  mice  and  rabbits,  and  almost  all 
have  dogs,  though  all  are  not  led  about  by  them. 
Some  blind  men  take  delight  in  having  nothing 
but  bull -dogs,  not  to  lead  them,  but  solely  for 
fancy.  Nobody  likes  a  dog  so  much  as  a  blind 
man,  I  am  told — "  they  can't — the  blind  man  is 
so  much  beholden  to  his  dog,  he  does  him  such 
favours  and  sarvices."  "  With  my  dog  I  can  go  to 
any  part  of  London  as  independent  as  any  one 
who  has  got  his  sight.  Yesterday  afternoon  when 
I  left  your  house,  sir,  I  was  ashamed  of  going 
through  the  street.  People  was  a  aaying,  '  Look'ee 
there,  that 's  the  man  as  says  he 's  blind.'  I 
was  going  so  quick,  it  was  so  late  you  know, 
they  couldn't  make  it  out,  but  without  my  dog 
I  must  have  crawled  along,  and  always  be  in 
great  fear.  The  name  of  my  present  dog  is 
'  KEEPER  ;'  he  is  a  mongrel  breed ;  I  have  had 
him  nine  years,  and  he  is  with  me  night  and 
day,  goes  to  church  with  me  and  all.  If  I 
go  out  without  him,  he  misses  me,  and  then  he 
scampers  all  through  the  streets  where  I  am  in  the 
habit  of  going,  crying  and  howling  after  me,  just  as 
if  he  was  fairly  out  of  his  mind.  It 's  astonishing. 
Often,  before  my  first  blind  wife  died  (for  I  've 
been  married  twice  to  blind  women,  and  once  to  a 
seeing  woman),  I  used  to  say  I  'd  sooner  lose  my 
wife  than  my  dog;  but  when  I  did  lose  her  I  was 
sorry  that  ever  I  did  say  so.  I  didn't  know  what 
it  was.  I  'm  sorry  for  it  yet,  and  ever  will  be 
sorry  for  it;  she  was  a  very  good  woman,  and  had 
fine  principles.  I  shall  never  get  another  that  I 
liked  so  much  as  the  first.  My  dog  knows  every 
word  I  say  to  him.  Tell  him  to  turn  right  or  left, 
or  cross  over,  and  whip !  round  he  goes  in  a  mo- 
ment. Where  I  go  for  my  tobacco,  at  the  shop  in 
Piccadilly,  close  to  the  Arcade— it's  down  six  or 
seven  steps,  straight  down — and  when  I  tells 
Keeper  to  go  to  the  baccy  shop,  off  he  is,  and  drags 
me  down  the  steps,  with  the  people  after  me,  think- 
ing he  's  going  to  break  my  neck  down  the  place, 
and  the  people  stands  on  top  the  steps  making  all 
kinds  of  remarks,  while  I  'm  below.  If  he  was  to 
lose  me  to-night  or  to-morrow,  he  'd  come  back  here 
and  rise  the  whole  neighbourhood.  He  knows 
any  public-house,  no  matter  whether  he  was  there 
before  or  not;  just  whisper  to  him,  go  to  the 
public- house,  and  away  he  scampers  and  drags  me 
right  into  the  first  he  comes  to.  Directly  I  whis 


jer  to  him,  go  to  the  public-house,  he  begins  play 
ng  away  with  the  basket  he  has  in  his  mouth, 
throwing  it  up  and  laying  it  down — throwing  it 
and  laying  it  down  for  pleasure  ;  he  gets  his  rest 
there,  and  that 's  why  he 's  so  pleased.  It 's  the 
only  place  I  can  go  to  in  my  rounds  to  sit  down. 
Oh,  he  's  a  dear  clever  fellow.  Now,  only  to  show 
you  how  faithful  he  is,  one  night  last  week  I  was 
coming  along  Burlington-gardens,  and  I  stopped  to 
light  my  pipe  a?  I  was  coming  home,  and  I  let 
him  loose  to  play  a  bit  and  get  a  drink  ;  and  after 
I  had  lit  my  pipe  I  walked  on,  for  I  knew  the 
street  very  well  without  any  guide.  I  didn't  take 
notice  of  the  dog,  for  I  thought  he  was  following 
me.  I  was  just  turning  into  Clifford-street  when 
I  heard  the  cries  of  him  in  Burlington-gardens. 
I  know  his  cry,  let  him  be  ever  so  far  away ;  the 
screech  that  he  set  up  was  really  quite  dreadful ; 
it  would  grieve  anybody  to  hear  him.  So  I  puts 
my  fingers  in  my  mouth  and  gives  a  loud  whistle; 
and  at  last  he  heard  me,  and  then  up  he  comes 
tearing  along  and  panting  away  as  if  his  heart  was 
in  his  mouth ;  and  when  he  gets  up  to  me  he 
jumped  up  to  me  right  upon  my  back,  and  screams 
like — as  if  really  he  wanted  to  speak — you  can't 
call  it  panting,  because  it's  louder  than  that,  and 
he  does  pant  when  he  a'n't  tired  at  all ;  all  I  can 
say  is,  it's  for  all  the  world  like  his  speaking,  and 
I  understands  it  as  such.  If  I  say  a  cross  word 
to  him  after  he 's  lost — such  as,  ah,  you  rascal,  you 
— he'll  just  stand  of  one  side,  and  give  a  cry  just 
like  a  Christian.  I've  known  him  break  the 
windows  up  two  story  high  when  I  've  left  him 
behind,  and  down  he  would  have  been  after  me 
only  he  durstn't  jump  out.  I  've  had  Keeper  nine 
year.  The  dog  I  had  before  him  was  Blucher ; 
he  was  a  mongrel  too ;  he  had  a  tail  like  a  wolf, 
an  ear  like  a  fox,  and  a  face  black  like  a  monkey. 
I  had  him  thirteen  year.  He  was  as  clever  as 
Keeper,  but  not  so  much  loved  as  he  is.  At  last 
he  went  blind ;  he  was  about  two  year  losing  his 
sight.  When  I  found  his  eyes  was  getting  bad  I 
got  Keeper.  The  way  I  first  noticed  him  going 
blind  was  when  I  would  come  to  cross  a  street  on 
my  way  home;  at  nightfall  the  shade  of  the  house 
on  the  opposite  side,  as  we  was  crossing,  would 
frighten  him  and  drive  him  in  the  middle  of  the 
road ;  and  he  wouldn't  draw  to  the  pavement  till 
he  found  he  was  wrong ;  and  then  after  that  he 
began  to  run  again  the  lamp-posts  in  the  dark; 
when  he  did  this  he  'd  cry  out  just  like  a  Chris- 
tian. I  was  sorry  for  him,  and  he  knowed  that, 
for  I  used  to  fret.  I  was  sorry  for  him  on  ac- 
count of  my  own  affliction.  At  last  I  was  obli- 
gated to  take  to  Keeper.  I  got  him  of  another 
blind  man,  but  he  had  no  laming  in  him  when  he 
come  to  me.  I  was  a  long  time  teaching  him,  for  I 
didn't  do  it  all  at  once.  I  could  have  teached  him 
in  a  week,  but  I  used  to  let  the  old  dog  have  a 
run,  while  I  put  Keeper  into  the  collar  for  a  bit " 
(here  the  blind  man  was  some  time  before  he  could 
proceed  for  his  tears),  "and  so  he  larnt  all  he  knows, 
little  by  little.  Now  Keeper  and  Blucher  used  to 
agree  pretty  well;  but  I  've  got  another  d>  - 
naned  Dash,  and  Keeper 's  as  jealous  of  him  as  ft 
woman  is  of  a  man.  If  I  say,  '  Come  Keeper 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  I  HE  LONDON  POOR. 


449 


M.LI. 1. 1, 


No.  29. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AtfD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


come  and  nave  tne  collar  on,'  I  may  call  twenty 
times  before  he  '11  come  ;  but  if  I  say,  '  Dash, 
come  and  have  the  collar  on,'  Keeper's  there  the  first 
word,  jumping  up  agin  me,  and  doing  anything 
but  speak.  At  last  my  old  Blucher  went  stone 
blind,  as  bad  as  his  master;  it  was,  poor  thing; 
and  then  he  used  to  fret  so  when  I  went  out 
without  him  that  I  couldn't  bear  it,  and  so 
got  at  length  to  take  him  always  with  me, 
and  then  he  used  to  follow  the  knock  of  my 
stick.  He  done  so  for  about  six  months,  and 
then  I  was  one  night  going  along  Piccadilly  and 
I  stops  speaking  to  a  policeman,  and  Blucher 
missfin  me  ;  he  couldn't  hear  where  I  was  for  the 
Boise  of  the  carriages.  He  didn't  catch  the  sound 
of  my  stick,  and  couldn  't  hear  my  voice  for  the 
carnages,  so  he  went  seeking  me  into  the  middle 
of  the  road,  and  there  a  buss  run  over  him,  poor 
thing.  I  heerd  him  scream  out  and  I  whistled 
to  him,  and  he  came  howling  dreadful  on  to  the 
pavement  again.  I  didn't  think  he  was  so  much 
hurt  then,  for  I  puts  the  collar  on  him  to  take 
him  sate  back,  and  he  led  me  home  blind  as  he 
was.  The  next  morning  He  couldn't  rise  up  at 
all,  his  hind  parts  was  useless  to  him.  I  took 
him  in  my  arms  and  found  he  couldn't  move. 
Well,  he  never  eat  nor  drink  nothing  for  a  week, 
and  got  to  be  in  such  dreadful  pain  that  I  was 
forced  to  have  him  killed.  I  got  a  man  to  drown 
him  in  a  bag.  I  could'nt  have  done  it  myself 
for  all  the  world.  It  would  have  been  as  bad  to 
me  as  killing  a  Christian.  I  used  to  grieve  terri- 
bly after  I  'd  lost  him.  I  couldn't  get  him  off 
my  mind.  I  had  had  him  so  many  years,  and  he 
bad  been  with  me  night  and  day,  my  constant 
companion,  and  the  most  faithful  friend  I  ever 
bad,  except  Keeper  :  there  's  nothing  in  the  world 
can  beat  Keeper  for  faithfulness  —  nothing." 

OF  THE  LIFE  OF  A  BLIND  BOOT-LACE  SELLER. 
THE  blind  boot  lace-seller  who  gave  me  the  fol- 
lowing history  of  his  life  was  the  original  of  the 
:  given  in  No.  17.    He  was  a  tall,  strongly- 

in.  In  face  he  was  ghastly,  his  cheek 
bones  were  sharp  and  high,  his  nose  flat  to  his 
face,  and  bis  eyes  were  so  deeply  sunk  in  that  he 
bad  more  the  appearance  of  a  death's  head  than 
of  a  living  man.  HU  shirt  was  scrupulously 
dean.  He  wore  a  bright  red  cotton  neckerchief 
and  a  plaid  waistcoat  of  many  colours.  Hi* 
dog  accompanied  him  and  never  left  his  master's 

I-  moment. 

It  s  very  sorrowful  —  very  sorrowful  indeed 
to  bear  that,"  said  tbe  boot-lace  teller  to  mo,  on 
mj  reading  him  the  account  of  the  blind   i 
•ellrr  ;  *  me  much  to  bear  that,     hut 

Ton  see  I  don't  grieve  for  the  loss  of  my  sight  as 
be  do,  poor  man.  I  don't  remember  ever  seeing 

;ect.  If  there  was  a  thing  with  many 
colours  in  it  I  cnuld  dissarn  the  highest  colour. 
I  couldn't  tell  one  from  another,  but  anly  tbe 


in  Northumberland,"  be  said, 
"about  fivc-and-fifty  years  ago.  My  father  was 
ft  grocer  and  had  l.OOW.  worth  of  freehold  property 
besides  his  business,  which  was  very  large  for  a 


small  town  ;  his  was  the  principal  shop,  and  in 
the  general  line.  He  had  a  cart  of  his  own.  in 
which  he  attended  market.  I  was  very  comfort 
ably  brought  up,  never  wanted  for  nothing,  and  had 
my  mother  lived  I  should  have  had  an  independ- 
ent fortune.  At  five  years  old,  while  mother 
was  still  alive,  I  caught  the  small  pox.  I  had 
four  sisters  and  one  brother,  and  we  all  six  had  it 
at  once ;  that  was  before  the  vaccination  was 
properly  established.  I  've  heerd  said  that  father 
did  not  want  to  have  us  inoculated,  because  of 
the  people  coming  backwards  and  forwards  to  the 
shop.  I  only  wish  vaccination  had  been  in  vogue 
then  as  it  is  now,  and  I  shouldn  't  have  lost  my 
eyes.  God  bless  the  man  who  brought  it  up,  I 
say ;  people  doesn't  know  what  they  've  got  to 
thank  him  for.  Well,  all  my  sisters  and  brothers 
had  not  a  mark  upon  them.  It  laid  hold  of  only 
me.  They  couldn't  lay  a  finger  upon  me,  they 
was  obligated  to  lift  me  up  in  one  of  my  father'o 
shirts,  by  holding  the  corners  of  it  like  a  sheet.  As 
soon  as  ever  the  pock  began  to  decay  it  took 
away  my  eyes  altogether.  I  didn't  lose  both  my 
eyeballs  till  about  twenty  years  after  that,  though 
my  sight  was  gone  for  all  but  the  shadow  of  day- 
light and  any  high  colours.  At  sixteen  years  of 
age  my  left  eye  bursted  ;  I  suffered  terribly  then — 
oh  terribly!  yes,  that  I  did.  The  black-and-white 
like  all  mixed  together,  the  pock  came  right 
through  the  star  of  the  eye  the  doctor  said  ;  ami 
when  I  was  five-and-twenty  my  other  eye-ball 
bursted,  and  then  my  eyes  was  quite  out  of  my 
head.  Till  that  time  I  could  see  a  little  bit ;  I 
could  tell  the  daylight,  and  I  could  see  the  moon, 
but  not  the  shape  of  it.  I  never  could  see  a  star, 
and  do  you  know  I  grieved  about  the  loss  of  that 
little  bit  of  sight  as  much  as  if  I  was  losing  the 
whole  of  it.  As  my  eye-ball  sloughed  day  by 
day,  I  could  see  the  light  going  away  bv  little, 
every  day  till  the  week's  end.  When  I  looked  at 
the  daylight  just  before  it  all  went,  I  could  see 
the  light  look  as  red  as  fire — as  red  as  blood  ; 
and  when  it  all  left  me,  oh,  I  was  dreadful  sor- 
rowful, I  thought  I  was  lost  alto^-ther.  But,  I 
shouldn't  have  been  so  had  off,  as  I  said,  if 
mother  had  lived,  but  she  died  when  I  was  about 
six  year  old.  I  didn't  care  much  about  her,  indeed  I 
took  a  dreadful  dislike  to  her.  I  h.vrd  her  say 
one  day  to  a  person  in  the  shop,  that  she 
would  sooner  see  me  dead  and  buried  than 
be  as  I  was,  but  now  I  know  that  it  was  her 
fondness  for  me.  Mother  catched  a  col 
died  after  six  day's  illness.  When  she  was  gone, 
father  got  to  neglect  his  business.  He  had  no  one 
then  to  attend  to  it,  and  he  took  and  shut  up  the 
shop.  He  lost  heart,  you  see.  He  took  and 
turned  all  the  tenants  out  of  his  property,  and 
furnished  all  the  rooms  of  a  large  Louse  suitable 
for  the  quality  that  used  to  come  to  the  t 
bathe.  He  mortgaged  the  place  for  2501.  t<>  l.uy 
the  furniture,  and  that  was  the  ruin  of  him. 
Eighteen  Tears  afterwards  the  lawyers  got  the 
better  of  him,  and  all  the  family  was  turned  oat 


of  the  door  without  a  penny. 

He  died  a  few  years  afterwards 


put  in  jail 
in  the  w« 


My  father  they'd 
v  years 

"•Vh-n    t:u-   family 


452 


LONDON  LABOUR  ^A~  fliE  LONDON  POOR. 


out,  there  was  only  my  eldest  brother  away  at 
sea,  and  my  eldest  sister  in  sarvice ;  so  me  and  my 
three  sisters  was  sent  in  the  wide  world  without 
the  means  of  getting  a  crust  or  a  place  to  put  our 
heads  in.  All  my  sisters  after  that  got  into 
sarvice,  and  I  went  to  drive  some  coal  cartg  at 
North  Shields.  The  coal  carts  was  father's,  and 
they  was  all  he  had  left  out  of  his  property ;  so  I 
used  to  go  to  Wall's  End  and  fill  the  carts,  then 
take  them  down  to  North  Shields  and  sell  them 
at  the  people's  doors.  We  never  used  to  sell  less 
than  the  load.  I  did  all  this,  blind  as  I  was, 
without  a  person  to  guide,  and  continued  at  it 
night  and  day  for  about  fifteen  year.  It  was 
well  known  to  the  whole  country  side.  I  was 
the  talk  for  miles  round.  They  couldn't  believe 
I  was  blind ;  though  they  see  my  eyes  was  gone, 
still  they  couldn't  hardly  believe.  Then,  after  the 
fifteen  year,  me  and  my  father  had  a  complete 
fall  out.  He  took  an  advantage  of  my  sister.  He 
had  borrowed  20/.  of  her,  and  when  he  could  he 
»vouldn't  pay  her.  He  behaved  as  bad  as  father 
could,  and  then  I  broke  with  him."  (He  then 
went  over  the  whole  story,  and  was  affected, 
even  to  speechlessness,  at  the  remembrance  of  his 
family  troubles.  Into  these  there  is  no  necessity 
to  enter  here ;  suffice  it,  the  blind  man  appears 
to  have  behaved  very  nobly.)  "I  came  away 
and  went  to  my  brother,  who  was  well  off  at 
Hull ;  when  I  got  there,  I  found  he  had  gone  to 
Russia  and  died  there  that  very  spring.  While  I 
was  on  my  way  to  Hull,  I  used  to  go  to  sleep  at  the 
lodging-houses  for  travellers.  I  had  never  been  in 
one  before,  and  there  I  got  to  think,  from  what  I 
heerd,  that  a  roving  life  was  a  fine  pleasant  one. 
The  very  first  lodging-house  I  went  into  was  one 
in  Durham,  and  there  persons  as  was  coming  the 
same  road  persuaded  me  to  go  and  beg  with  them, 
but  I  couldn't  cheek  it ;  it  was  too  near  hand  at 
home.  We  came  on  to  Darlington,  that  was  18 
miles  further,  that  day.  They  still  kept  company 
with  me,  and  wanted  me  to  beg,  but  I  wouldn't ; 
I  couldn't  face  it.  I  thought  people  would  know 
me.  The  next  day  we  started  on  our  way  to 
Northallerton,  and  then  my  few  shillings  was  all 
gone ;  so  that  night  we  went  to  seek  relief,  and 
got  a  pennyworth  of  milk,  and  a  penny  loaf  each 
and  our  bed.  The  parish  gave  us  a  ticket  to  a 
lodging-house.  The  next  morning  we  started  from 
Northallerton,  and  then  I  was  very  hungry ;  all  I 
had  the  day  before  was  the  pennyworth  of  bread 
I  got  from  the  parish.  Then  as  we  got  about  a 
mile  out  of  the  town,  there  was  a  row  of  houses, 
and  the  Scotchman  who  was  with  me  says,  'If 
ye  '11  gang  up  wi'  me,  I  '11  speak  for  ye.'  Well, 
we  went  up  and  got  3rf.,  and  plenty  of  bread  and 
butter;  almost  every  house  we  got  something  at; 
then  I  was  highly  delighted ;  thinks  I,  this  is  a 
business — and  so  I  did.  We  shared  with  the 
other  man  who  had  come  on  the  road  with  us,  and 
after  that  we  started  once  more,  and  then  I  was 
all  eager  to  go  on  with  the  same  business. 
You  see  I'd  never  had  no  pleasure,  and  it 
seemed  to  me  like  a  new  world  —  to  be 
able  to  get  victuals  without  doing  anything — 
instead  of  slaving  M  I'd  been  with  a  couple 


|  of  carts  and  horses  at  the  coal  pits  all  the  time. 
I  I  didn't  think  the  country  was  half  so  big,  and 
59u  coulda't  credit  the  pleasure  I  felt  in  going 
about  it.  I  felt  as  if  I  didn't  care  for  nothing  ;  it 
was  so  beautiful  to  be  away  there  quite  free,  with- 
out any  care  in  the  world,  for  J  could  see  plainly 
I  could  always  get  the  best  of  victuals,  and  the 
price  of  my  lodgings.  There  's  no  part  in  all 
England  like  Yorkshire  for  living.  We  used  to 
go  to  all  the  farm-houses,  we  wouldn't  miss  one 
if  it  was  half  a  mile  off  the  road ;  if  the  Scotchman 
who  was  with  me  could  only  see  a  road  he  M 
take  me  up  it,  and  we  got  nice  bits  of  pie  and 
meat,  and  bread  and  cake,  indeed  as  much  as 
would  serve  four  people,  when  we  got  to  the 
lodging-house  at  night  and  a  few  shillings  beside. 
I  soon  got  not  to  care  about  the  loss  of  my  brother. 
At  last  we  got  to  make  so  much  money  that  I 
thought  it  was  made  to  chuck  about  the  streets. 
We  got  it  so  easy,  you  see.  It  was  only  4s.  or 
5s.,  but  then  I  was  only  a  flatty  or  I  could  have 
made  14*.  or  15s.  at  least.  This  was  in  Borough  - 
bridge,  and  there  at  a  place  called,  I  think, 
Bridely-hill,  there  was  a  lodging-house  without 
never  a  bed  in  it  at  all ;  but  only  straw  littered 
on  the  ground,  and  here  I  found  upwards  of  sixty 
or  seventy,  all  tramps,  and  living  in  different  ways, 
pattering,  and  thieving,  and  singing,  and  all  sorts  ; 
and  that  night  I  got  to  think  it  was  the  finest 
scene  I  had  ever  known.  I  grew  pleaseder,  and 
pleaseder,  with  the  life,  and  wondered  how  any 
one  could  follow  any  other.  There  was  no  drunken- 
ness, but  it  was  so  new  and  strange,  and  I  'd  never 
known  nothing  of  life  before,  that  I  was  bewil- 
dered, like,  with  over-joy  at  it.  Then  I  soon  got  to 
think  I  'd  have  the  summer's  pleasure  out  and 
wouldn't  go  near  Hull  till  the  back  end  of  the  year, 
for  it  was  the  month  of  May,  that  what  I  'in 
talking  about  took  place  ;  and  so  things  went  on 
I  never  thought  of  home,  or  sisters,  or  anything 
indeed.  I  was  so  over-joyed  that  I  could  think 
of  nothing  else.  Whenever  I  got  to  a  new  county 
it  seemed  like  getting  into  a  new  nation,  and 
when  I  heard  we  were  close  upon  a  new  place  I 
used  to  long  and  long  to  get  into  it.  At  last  I 
left  the  Scotchman  and  took  up  with  an  old  sailo**, 
a  man-of-warsman,  who  was  coming  up  to  London 
to  get  his  pension,  and  he  was  a  regular  '  cadger ' 
like  the  other  who  had  put  me  '  fly  to  the  dodge,' 
though  none  of  us  wer'nt  *  fly  '  to  nothing  then. 
I  can't  tell  you,  I  wanted  to,  how  I  longed  to  be  in 
town,  and,  as  I  came  through  the  streets  with  him,  I 
didn't  know  whether  I  carried  the  streets  or  they 
carried  me.  You  see  I  had  heard  people  talk  about 
London  in  North  Shields,  and  I  thought  there  was 
no  poor  people  there  at  all — none  but  ladies  and 
gentlemen  and  sailors.  In  London  the  sailor  drew 
his  pension,  and  he  and  me  got  robbed,  and  then 
the  sailor  left  me,  and  then  I  started  off  without 
a  penny  into  the  country;  and  at  Stratford-le-Bow 
I  began,  for  the  first  time,  to  say,  '  Pity  the  poor 
blind.'  Up  to  this  time  I  had  never  axed  no  one 
— never  spoke,  indeed — the  cadgers  who  had  been 
with  me  had  done  this  for  me,  and  glad  to  have 
the  chance  of  sharing  with  me.  A  blind  man 
can  get  a  guide  at  any  place,  because  thev  know 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


453 


lie 's  sure  to  get  something.  I  took  only  5d.  at 
Stratford-le-Bow,  and  then  started  on  my  way  to 
Komford ;  and  there,  in  the  lodging-house,  I  met  a 
blind  man,  who  took  me  in  partnership  with  him, 
and  larnt  me  my  business  complete — that  he  just 
did,  and  since  then  I  've  been  following  it,  and 
that  'a  about  two  or  three  and  twenty  year  ago. 
Since  I've  been  in  London,  and  that's  fourteen 
year,  I  've  lived  very  regular,  always  had  a  place, 
and  attended  my  church.  If  it  hadn't  been  for 
the  lodging-houses  I  should  never,  may  be,  have 
b*«n  as  I  am ;  though,  I  must  confess,  I  always 
had  a  desire  to  find  out  travelling,  but  couldn't 
get  hold  of  any  one  to  put  me  in  the  way  of  it. 
1  longed  for  a  roving  life  and  to  shake  a  loose  leg, 
still  I  couldn't  have  done  much  else  after  my 
quarrel  with  my  father.  My  sister  had  offered  to 
lend  me  money  enough  to  buy  a  horse  and  cart 
for  myself,  but  I  didn't  like  that,  and  thought  I  'd 
get  it  of  my  brother  at  Hull;  and  that  and  the 
padding  kens  is  solely  the  cause  of  my  being  as  I 
am  ;  and  since  I  first  travelled  there 's  more  now 
than  ever — double  and  treble  as  many." 

OP   THE    LOW    LODGING-HOUSES. 

THE  revelations  of  the  Blind  Boot-Lace  Seller  con- 
cerning the  low  lodging-houses  make  me  anxious 
to  arouse  the  public  to  a  full  sense  of  the  atrocities 
committed  and  countenanced  in  those  infamous 
places.  It  will  have  been  noticed  that  the  blind 
man  frankly  tells  us  that  he  was  "  taught  his 
Wtim  no  "  as  a  mendicant  in  one  of  these  houses 
of  call  for  vagabonds  of  all  kinds — beggars,  pros- 
titutes, cheats,  and  thieves.  Up  to  the  time  of  his 
starting  to  see  his  brother  at  Hull,  he  appears  to 

.id  no  notion  of  living  but  by  his  labour, 
and,  more  especially,  no  wish  to  make  a  trade  of 
his  affliction.  Till  then  he  seems  to  have  been 
susceptible  of  some  of  the  nobler  impulses  of  hu- 
manity, and  to  have  left  his  home  solely  because 
he  refused  to  be  party  to  a  fraud  on  his  own  sis- 

nfortunately,  however,  on  his  way  to  carry 
out  his  generous  purposes,  he  put  up  for  the  night 
at  the  "  travellers' "  house  in  the  town  where  he 
arrived,  at  the  end  of  his  first  day's  journey  ;  from 
;y  minute  that  he  set  foot  in  the  place  he 
was  a  lost  man.  Here  were  assembled  scores  of 
the  most  degraded  and  vicious  members  of  so- 
in  ambiub,  as  it  were,  like  tigers  in 
the  jungle,  ready  to  spring  upon  and  make  a  prey 
of  any  one  who  came  within  the  precincts  of  their 
lair.  To  such  as  these — sworn  to  live  on  the  la- 
bours of  others,  and  knowing  almost  to  a  sixp.-nce 
the  raluc  of  each  human  atiliction  as  a  meant  of 
Operating  upon  both  the  heart-strings  and  the 
pore*-  ••:••  more  benevolent  of  tin-  in- 

to such  as  these,  I  say, 
a  blind  man,  unskilled  in  the  art  and  rt 
of  mendicancy,  was  literally  a  God-send.  A 
r-ck  or  a  colliery  explosion,  as  they  too 
well  knew,  some  of  the  more  sceptical  of  the 
public  miy/it  call  in  question,  but  a  real  blind  man, 
with  his  eye-balls  gone,  was  beyond  all  doubt ; 

inspire  faith,  as  they  were  perfectly  aware, 
was    one    of    the     most    important     an 
cull  processes  of  the  beggar's  craft.     Betides,  of 


all  misfortunes,  blindness  is  one  which,  to  those 
who  have  their  sight,  appears  not  only  the  greatest 
of  human  privations,  but  a  privation  which  wholly 
precludes  the  possibility  of  self-help,  and  so  gives 
the  sufferer  the  strongest  claim  on  our  charity. 
In  such  a  place,  therefore,  as  a  low  lodging-house, 
the  common  resort  of  all  who  are  resolved  not  to 
work  for  their  living,  it  was  almost  impossible 
for  a  blind  man  to  pass  even  an  hour  without 
every  virtuous  principle  of  his  nature  being  un- 
dermined, and  overtures  of  the  most  tempting 
character  being  made  to  him.  To  be  allowed  to 
go  partners  in  so  valuable  a  misfortune  was  a 
privilege  that  many  there  would  strive  for;  ac- 
cordingly, as  we  have  seen,  the  day  after  the 
blind  man  entered  the  low  lodging-house,  he  who, 
up  to  that  time,  had  been,  even  in  his  affliction, 
earning  his  living,  was  taken  out  by  one  of  the 
"  travellers,"  and  taught  how  much  better  a 
living — how  much  more  of  the  good  things  of  this 
world — he  could  get  by  mendicancy  than  by  in 
dustry ;  and  from  the  very  hour  when  the  blind 
man  learnt  this,  the  most  dangerous  lesson  that 
any  human  being  can  possibly  be  taught,  he  be- 
came, heart  and  soul,  an  ingrained  beggar.  His 
description  of  the  delight  he  felt  when  he  found 
that  he  had  no  longer  any  need  to  work — that  ho 
could  rove  about  the  country  as  he  pleased — 
without  a  care,  without  a  purpose — with  a  perfect 
sense  of  freedom,  and  a  full  enjoyment  of  the 
open  air  in  the  day,  and  the  wild  licence  of  the 
lodging-house  society  at  night,  satisfied  that  he 
could  get  as  much  food  and  drink,  and  even 
money  as  he  needed,  solely  for  the  asking  for 
it ;  his  description  of  this  is  a  frank  confession  of 
a  few  of  the  charms  of  vagabondism — charms  to 
which  the  more  sedate  are  not  only  strangers,  but 
of  which  they  can  form  no  adequate  conception. 
The  pleasure  of  "shaking  a  loose  leg,"  as  the  va- 
grants themselves  call  it,  is,  perhaps,  known  only 
in  its  intensity  by  those  wayward  spirits  who 
object  to  the  restraint  of  work  or  the  irksome- 
ness  of  any  settled  pursuit.  The  perfect  (li»n,r/,t- 
lessness  that  the  blind  man  describes  as  the  first 
effect  produced  upon  him  by  his  vagabondism  is  the 
more  remarkable,  because  it  seems  to  have  . 
from  hisinind  all  regard,  even  for  the  sister  fur 
whose  sake  he  had  quitted  his  home  — though  to 
those  who  have  made  a  study  of  the  vagrant  charac- 
ter it  is  one  of  those  curious  inconsistencies  which 
form  the  principal  feature  in  the  idiosyncrasy  of 
the  class,  and  which,  indeed,  are  a  necessary 
consequence  of-  the  very  purposelessness,  or  want 
of  some  permanent  principle  or  feeling,  which 
constitutes,  na  it  \M-P-.  the  n.ain.«pring  of  vaga- 
i."ini:-i:i.  Indeed,  the  blind  man  was  a  M 
c"iii|M,uml  of  cunning  and  good  fe< •', 
ill-tin. -nt  he  was  weeping  over  the  afflictions  of 
other* — he  wat  deeply  moved  when  I  read  to  him 
the  sufferings  of  the  Crippled  Nut . 
and  yet,  toe  next  minute  he  was  grinning  !...- 

s  hand,  to  that  lii*  laughter  might  I 
cealed  from  me,  in  a  manner  that  appi'im-d  alnx^t 
fiendish.     Still,  I  am  convinced  that  at  heart  !<-• 
wat  far  from  •  bad  man  ;  there  was,  amid    tin 
degradation   that   necessarily  comet   of  habitual 


454 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


mendicancy,  a  fine  expression  of  sympathy,  that 
the  better  class  of  poor  always  exhibit  towards 
the  poor ;  nor  could  I  help  wondering  when  I 
heard  him — the  professed  mendicant — tell  me 
how  he  had  been  moved  to  tears  by  the  recital  of 
the  sufferings  of  another  mendicant — sufferings 
that  might  have  been  as  profitable  a  stock  in 
trade  to  the  one  as  his  blindness  was  to  the  other; 
though  it  is  by  no  means  unusual  for  objects  of 
charity  to  have  their  objects  of  charity,  and  to  be 
imposed  upon  by  fictitious  or  exaggerated  tales  of 
distress,  almost  as  often  as  they  impose  upon 
others  by  the  very  same  means. 

I  now  invite  the  reader's  attention  to  the  narra- 
tives given  below  as  to  the  character  of  the  low 
lodging-houses.  The  individuals  furnishing  me 
with  those  statements,  it  should  be  observed,  were 
not  "picked"  people,  but  taken  promiscuously 
from  a  number  belonging  to  the  same  class.  I 
•hull  reserve  what  else  I  may  have  to  remark  on 
the  subject  till  the  conclusion  of  those  state- 
ments. 

Prisons,  tread-mills,  penal  settlements,  gallows, 
I  said,  eighteen  months  ago,  in  the  'Morning 
Chronicle,'  are  all  vain  and  impotent  as  punish- 
ments— and  Ragged  Schools  and  City  missions 
are  of  no  avail  as  preventives  of  crime — so  long 
ns  the  wretched  dens  of  infamy,  brutality,  and 
vice,  termed  "  padding-kens "  continue  their 
daily  and  nightly  work  of  demoralization.  If  we 
would  check  the  further  spread  of  our  criminals — 
and  within  the  last  four  years  they  have  increased 
from  24,000  to  30,000— we  must  apply  ourselves 
to  the  better  regulation  and  conduct  of  these 
places.  At  present  they  are  not*  only  the  pre- 
paratory schools,  but  the  finishing  academies  for 
every  kind  of  profligacy  and  crime. 

"  The  system  of  lodging-houses  for  travellers,  other- 
wise trampers,"  says  the  Constabulary  Commissioners' 
Report,  "  requires  to  be  altogether  revised;  at  present 
they  are  in  the  practice  of  lodging  all  the  worst  charac- 
ters unquestioned,  and  are  subject  to  no  other  control 
than  an  occasional  visit  of  inspection  from  the  parish 
officers,  accompanied  by  the  constables,  whose  power  of 
interference— if  they  have  a  legal  right  of  entry — does 
not  extend  to  some  of  the  most  objectionable  points  con- 
nected with  those  houses,  as  they  can  merely  take  into 
custody  such  persons  as  they  find  in  commission  of  some 
offence.  The  state  in  which  those  houses  are  found  on 
the  occasion  of  such  visit,  proves  how  much  they  re- 
quire interference.  The  house*  are  small,  and  yet  as 
many  as  thirty  travellers,  or  even  thirty-five,  have  been 
found  in  one  house ;  fifteen  have  been  found  sleeping  in 
one  room,  three  or  four  in  a  bed— men,  women,  and 
children,  promiscuously:  beds  have  been  found  occupied 
in  a  cellar.  It  is  not  necessary  to  urge  the  many  oppor- 
tunities of  preparing  for  crime  which  such  a  state  of 
things  presents,  or  the  actual  evils  arising  from  such  a 
mode  of  harbouring  crowds  of  low  and  vicious  persons." 

According  to  the  report  of  the  Constabulary 
Commissioners,  there  were  in  1 839 — 

Mendicants'  Total  No. 

Lodging-  of 

houses.  Lodgers.  Inmatrs. 

In  London  221  average   11  or  2.431 

In  Liverpool   176  6  1,056 

Bristol  69  7  483 

Bath   14  9  126 

Kinirston-on-Hull 11  3  33 

Newcastle-on-Tyne 78  3  234 

Chester  (see  Report,  p.  35)    150  3  450 

619  4,813 

Moreover,  the  same  Report  tells  us,  at  p.  32, 


that  there  is  a  low  lodging-house  for  tramps  in 
every  village.  By  the  Post-office  Directory  there 
are  3823  postal  towns  in  England  and  .Wales; 
and  assuming  that  in  each  of  these  towns  there 
are  two  "  travellers' "  houses,  and  that  each  of 
these,  upon  an  average,  harbours  every  night  ten 
tramps  (in  a  list  given  at  p.  311,  there  were  in 
83  towns  no  less  than  678  low  lodging-houses, 
receiving  10,860  lodgers  every  night  ;  this  gives, 
on  an  average,  8  such  houses  to  each  town,  and 
16  lodgers  to  each  such  house),  we  have  thus 
76,460  for  the  total  number  of  the  inmates  of 
such  houses. 

To  show  the  actual  state  of  these  lodging-houses 
from  the  testimony  of  one  who  had  been  long 
resident  in  them,  I  give  the  following  statement. 
It  was  made  to  me  by  a  man  of  superior  educa- 
tion and  intelligence  (as  the  tone  of  his  narrative 
fully  shows),  whom  circumstances,  which  do  not 
affect  the  object  of  my  present  letter,  and  there- 
fore need  not  be  detailed,  had  reduced  from  afflu- 
ence to  beggary,  so  that  he  was  compelled  to  be 
a  constant  resident  in  those  places.  All  the  other 
statements  that  I  obtained  on  the  subject — find 
they  were  numerous — were  corroborative  of  his 
account  to  the  very  letter  : — 

"  I  have  been  familiar,  unfortunately  for  me, 
with  low  lodging-houses,  both  in  town  and  coun- 
try, for  more  than  ten  years.  I  consider  that,  a* 
to  the  conduct  of  those  places,  it  is  worse  in  Lon- 
don than  in  the  country — while  in  the  country 
the  character  of  the  keeper  is  worse  than  in  Lon- 
don, although  but  a  small  difference  can  be  noted. 
The  worst  I  am  acquainted  with,  though  I  haven't 
been  in  it  lately,  is  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Drury- 
lane— this  is  the  worst  both  for  filtii  and  for  the 
character  of  the  lodgers.  In  the  room  where  I 
slept,  which  was  like  a  barn  in  size,  the  tiles  were 
off  the  roof,  and  as  there  was  no  ceiling,  I  could 
see  the  blue  sky  from  where  I  lay.  That  may  be 
altered  now.  Here  I  slept  in  what  was  called  the 
single  men's  room,  and  it  was  confined  to  men. 
In  another  part  of  the  house  was  a  room  for 
married  couples,  as  it  was  called,  but  of  such 
apartments  I  am  tell  you  more  concerning  other 
houses.  For  the  bed  with  the  view  of  the  blue 
sky  I  paid  3d.  If  it  rained  there  was  no  shelter. 
I  have  slept  in  a  room  in  Brick-lane,  Whitechapel, 
in  which  were  fourteen  beds.  In  the  next  bed  to 
me,  on  the  one  side,  was  a  man,  his  wife,  and 
three  children,  and  a  man  and  his  wife  on  the 
other.  They  were  Irish  people,  and  I  believe  the 
women  were  the  men's  wives — as  the  Irish  women 
generally  are.  Of  all  the  women  that  resort  to 
these  places  the  Irish  are  far  the  best  for  chastity. 
All  the  beds  were  occupied,  single  men  being 
mixed  with  the  married  couples.  The  question  is 
never  asked,  when  a  man  and  woman  go  to  a 
lodging-house,  if  they  are  man  and  wife.  All 
must  pay  before  they  go  to  bed,  or  be  turned  into 
the  street  These  beds  were  made — as  all  the 
low  lodginp-house  beds  are — of  the  worst  cotton 
flocks  stuffed  in  coarse,  strong  canvas.  There  is 
a  pair  of  sheets,  a  blanket,  and  a  rug.  I  have 
known  the  bedding  to  be  unchanged  for  three 
months;  but  that  is  not  general.  The  bed»  are  ao 


LONDON  LAhUUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


455 


average  size.  Dirt  is  the  rule  with  them,  and 
cleanliness  the  exception.  They  are  all  infested 
with  vermin.  I  never  met  with  an  exception. 
No  one  is  required  to  wain  before  going  to  bed  in 
any  of  these  places  (except  at  a  very  few,  where 
a  very  dirty  fellow  would  not  be  admitted),  un- 
less he  has  been  walking  on  a  wet  day  without 
shoes  or  stockings,  and  then  he  must  bathe  his 
feet  The  people  who  slept  in  the  room  I  am 
describing  were  chiefly  young  men,  almost  all 
accompanied  by  young  females.  I  have  seen  girls 
of  fifteen  sleep  with  '  their  chaps' — in  some  places 
with  youths  of  from  sixteen  to  twenty.  There  is 
no  objection  to  any  boy  and  girl  occupying  a  bed, 
even  though  the  keeper  knows  they  were  pre- 
viously strangers  to  each  other.  The  accommoda- 
tion for  purposes  of  decency  is  very  bad  in  some 
places.  A  pail  in  the  middle  of  a  room,  to  which 
both  sexes  may  resort,  is  a  frequent  arrangement. 
No  delicacy  or  decency  is  ever  observed.  The 
women  are,  I  think,  worse  than  the  men.  If  any 
one,  possessing  a  sense  of  shame,  says  a  word  of 
rebuke,  he  is  at  once  assailed,  by  the  women  in 
particular,  with  the  coarsest  words  in  the  language. 
The  Irish  women  are  as  bad  as  the  others  with 
respect  to  language,  bat  I  have  known  them  keep 
themselves  covered  in  bed  when  the  other  women 
were  outraging  modesty  or  decency.  The  Irish 
will  sleep  anywhere  to  save  a  halfpenny  a  night, 
if  they  have  ever  so  much  money."  [Here 
he  stated  certain  gross  acts  common  to  lodging- 
houses,  which  cannot  be  detailed  in  print.]  "  It 
it  not  uncommon  for  a  boy  or  man  to  take  a  girl 
out  of  the  streets  to  these  apartments.  Some  are 
the  same  as  common  brothels,  women  being  taken 
in  at  all  hours  of  the  day  or  night.  In  most, 
however,  they  must  stay  all  night  as  a  married 
couple.  In  dressing  or  undressing  there  is  no 
regard  to  decency,  while  disgusting  blackguardism 
is  often  carried  on  in  the  conversation  of  the  in- 
mates. I  have  known  decent  people,  those  that 
are  driven  to  such  places  from  destitution,  perhaps 
for  the  first  time,  shocked  and  disgusted  at  what 
they  saw.  I  have  seen  a  decent  married  pair  so 
•hocked  and  disgusted  that  they  have  insisted  on 
leaving  the  place,  and  have  left  it.  A  great  num- 
ber of  the  lodging-houses  are  large  old  buildings, 
which  were  constructed  for  other  purposes ;  these 
bouses  are  not  §o  ill-ventilated,  but  even  there, 
where  so  many  sleep  in  one  room,  the  air  is  hot 
and  foul.  In  smaller  rooms,  say  twelve  feet  by 
nine,  I  have  teen  four  beds  placed  for  single  men, 
with  no  ventilation  whatsoever,  so  that  no  one 
could  remain  inside  in  warmish  weather,  without 
•  i<»or  and  window  open  ;  another  room  in 
the  tame  house,  a  little  larger,  had  four  d<>ubl<> 
beds,  with  a*  many  men  and  women,  and  perhaps 
with  children.  The  Board  of  Health  hut  autumn 
compelled  the  keepers  of  these  places  to  whitewash 
the  walls  and  ceilings,  and  nse  limewaih  r 
place* ;  before  that,  the  walls  and  ceilings  looked 
n  if  they  had  been  black  washed,  but  »t 
could  see  the  bug*  creeping  along  thoM  black 
walla,  which  were  not  black  enough  to  bide 
that.  In  some  hoMaa  b  the  rammer  you  can 
hardly  place  your  finger  on  a  |*.-;  of  the  wall 


free  from  bugs.    I  have  scraped  them  off  by  hand- 
fulls. 

"  Nothing  can  be  worse  to  the  health  than  these 
places,  without  ventilation,  cleanliness,  or  decency, 
and  with  forty  people's  breaths  perhaps  mingling 
together  in  one  foul  choking  steam  of  stench. 
[The  man's  own  words.]  They  are  the  ready 
resort  of  thieves  and  all  bad  characters,  and  the 
keepers  will  hide  them  if  they  can  from  the  police, 
or  facilitate  any  criminal's  escape.  I  never  knew 
the  keepers  give  any  offender  up,  even  when  re- 
wards were  offered.  If  they  did,  they  might 
shut  up  shop.  These  houses  are  but  receptacles, 
with  a  few  exceptions,  for  beggars,  thieves,  and 
prostitutes,  and  those  in  training  for  thieves  and 
prostitutes — the  exceptions  are  those  who  must 
lodge  at  the  lowest  possible  cost.  I  consider  them 
in  every  respect  of  the  worst  possible  character, 
and  think  that  immediate  means  should  be  adopted 
to  improve  them.  Fights,  and  fierce  fights  too, 
are  frequent  in  them,  and  I  have  often  been 
afraid  murder  would  be  done.  They  are  money- 
making  places,  very.  One  person  will  own  several 
— as  many  as  a  dozen.  In  each  house  he  has  one 
or  more  '  deputies,'  chiefly  men.  Some  of  these 
keepers  are  called  respectable  men ;  some  live  out 
in  the  country,  leaving  all  to  deputies.  They  are 
quite  a  separate  class  from  the  keepers  of  regular 
brothels.  In  one  house  that  I  know  they  can 
accommodate  eighty  single  men;  and  when  single 
men  only  are  admitted,  what  is  decent,  or  rather 
what  is  considered  decent  in  such  places,  is  less 
unfrequent.  Each  man  in  such  houses  pays  4rf.  a 
night,  a  bed  to  each  man  or  boy ;  that  is  26*.  Bd. 
nightly,  or  486J.  13*.  4d.  a  year,  provided  the 
beds  be  full  every  night — and  they  are  full  six 
nights  out  of  seven.  Besides  that,  some  of  the 
beds  supply  double  turns;  for  many  get  up  at  two 
to  go  to  Covent  garden  or  some  other  market,  and 
their  beds  are  then  let  a  second  time  to  other 
men;  so  that  more  than  eighty  are  frequently 
accommodated,  and  I  suppose  6001.  is  the  nearest 
sum  to  be  taken  for  an  accurate  return.  The 
rent  is  very  trifling ;  the  chief  expense  to  be  de- 
ducted from  the  profits  of  the  house  in  question  is 
the  payment  of  three  and  sometimes  four  deputies. 
;ig  from  7*.  to  12*.  a  week  each — say  an 
average  of  from  30*.  to  40*.  a  week — as  three  or 
four  are  employed.  Fire  (coke  being  only  used) 
and  gas  are  the  other  expenses.  The  washing  is 
a  mere  trifle.  Then  there  are  the  parrx-hia!  and  the 
water-rates.  The  rent  is  always  low,  as  the. 
houses  are  useable  for  nothing  but  such  lodgings. 
The  profits  of  the  one  house  I  ha 
cannot  be  lew  than  8001.  a  year,  and  th< 
an-  in  j  r  >;  n!  n.  n.  Now,  the  owner  of  this  house 
ha»,  I  believe,  10  more  muli  hou«e»,  which, 
only  threepenny  bed*  (sonic  are  lower  than 
may  realise  a  profit  of  about  '2001.  a  yenr 
TheM  altogether  yield  n  . 
the  eleven  of  them;  ).u: 
disease  that  23001.  hat  been  raited  in  a  •) 
beyond  a  schoolmaster.  The  missionary 
these  lodging-houwii,  hut,  jii-lu-ing  fn-m  what  I 
have  heard  said  by  the  inmate  in  all  of 
when  the  miuionaries  have  left, 


456 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


good  effect  has  resulted  from  the  visits.  /  never 
taw  a  clergyman  of  any  denomination  in  any 
one  of  these  placet,  either  in  town  or  country.  In 
London  the  master  or  deputy  of  the  low  lodging- 
house  does  not  generally  meddle  with  the  disposal 
of  stolen  property,  as  in  the  country.  This  is 
talked  about,  alike  in  the  town  and  country 
houses,  very  openly  and  freely  before  persons 
known  only  to  be  beggars,  and  never  stealing:  it 
is  sufficient  that  they  are  known  as  tramps.  In 
London  the  keepers  must  all  know  that  stolen 
property  is  nightly  brought  into  the  house,  and 
they  wink  at  its  disposal,  but  they  won't  mix 
themselves  up  with  disposing  of  it.  If  it  be  pro- 
visions that  have  been  stolen,  they  are  readily 
disposed  of  to  the  other  inmates,  and  the  owner 
or  deputy  of  the  house  may  know  nothing  about 
it,  and  certainly  would  not  care  to  interfere  if  he 
did.  I  never  heard  robberies  planned  there,  but 
there  are  generally  strangers  present,  and  this 
may  deter.  I  believe  more  robberies  are  planned 
in  low  coffee-shops  than  in  lodging-houses.  The 
influence  of  the  lodging-house  society  on  boys  who 
have  run  away  from  their  parents,  and  have  got 
thither,  either  separately  or  in  company  with  lads 
who  have  joined  them  in  the  streets,  is  this : — 
Boys  there,  after  paying  their  lodgings,  may 
exercise  the  same  freedom  from  every  restraint  as 
they  see  the  persons  of  maturer  years  enjoy.  This 
is  often  pleasant  to  a  boy,  especially  if  he  has 
been  severely  treated  by  his  parents  or  master; 
he  apes,  and  often  outdoes,  all  the  men's  ways, 
both  in  swearing  and  lewd  talk,  and  so  he  gets  a 
relish  for  that  sort  of  life.  After  he  has  resorted 
to  such  places — the  sharper  boys  for  three,  and 
the  duller  for  six  months — they  are  adepts  at  any 
thieving  or  vice.  Drunkenness,  and  even  mo- 
derate drinking,  is  very  rare  among  them.  I 
seldom  or  never  see  the  boys  drink — indeed, 
thieves  of  all  ages  are  generally  sober  men.  Once 
get  to  like  a  lodging-house  life,  and  a  boy  can 
hardly  be  got  out  of  it.  I  said  the  other  day  to 
a  youth,  '  I  wish  I  could  get  out  of  these  haunts 
and  never  see  a  lodging-house  again;'  and  he 
replied,  '  If  I  had  ever  so  much  money  I  would 
never  live  anywhere  else.'  I  have  seen  the  boys 
in  a  lodging-house  sit  together  telling  stories,  but 
paid  no  attention  to  them." 

STATEMENT  OF  A  YOUHQ  PICKPOCKET. 
To  show  the  class  of  characters  usually  fre- 
quenting these  lodging-houses,  I  will  now  give  the 
statement  of  a  boy — a  young  pickpocket — without 
shoes  or  stockings.  He  wore  a  ragged,  dirty,  and 
very  thin  great  coat,  of  some  dark  jean  or  linen, 
under  which  was  another  thin  coat,  so  arranged 
that  what  appeared  rents — and,  indeed,  were  rents, 
but  designedly  made — in  the  outer  garment,  were 
el  its  through  which  the  hand  readily  reached 
the  pockets  of  the  inner  garment,  and  could 
there  deposit  any  booty.  He  was  a  slim,  agile  lad, 
vith  a  sharp  but  not  vulgar  expression,  and  small 
features.  His  hands  were  of  singular  delicacy  and 
beauty.  His  fingers  were  very  long,  and  no  lady's 
could  have  been  more  taper.  A  burglar  told  me 
that  w'th  such  a  hand  he  ought  to  have  made  bis 


fortune.  He  was  worth  20£,  a  week,  he  said,  M 
a  "wire"  that  is,  a  picker  of  ladies'  pockets 
When  engaged  "  for  a  turn,"  as  he  told  me  he 
once  was  by  an  old  pickpocket,  the  man  looked 
minutely  at  his  fingers,  and  approved  of  them 
highly.  His  hands,  the  boy  said,  were  hardly 
serviceable  to  him  when  very  cold.  His  feet  were 
formed  in  the  same  symmetrical  and  beautiful 
mould  as  his  hands.  "  I  am  15,"  he  said.  "  My 
father  was  a  potter,  and  I  can't  recollect  my  mo- 
ther" (many  of  the  thieves  are  orphans  or 
motherless).  "My  father  has  been  dead  about 
five  years.  I  was  then  working  at  the  pottery 
in  High-street,  Lambeth,  earn '.a  g  about  4s.  a 
week;  in  good  weeks,  4s.  6d.  I  was  in  work 
eight  months  after  my  father  died;  but  one 
day  I  broke  three  bottles  by  accident,  and  the  fore- 
man said  '  I  shan't  want  you  any  more ;'  and  I  took 
that  as  meant  for  a  discharge  ;  but  I  found  after- 
wards that  he  did'nt  so  mean  it.  I  had  2.s\  and 
a  suit  of  clothes  then,  and  tried  for  work  at  all 
the  potteries;  but  I  couldn't  get  any.  It  was 
about  the  time  Smithfield  fair  was  on.  I  went, 
but  it  was  a  very  poor  concern.  I  fell  asleep  in 
a  pen  in  the  afternoon,  and  had  my  shoes  stolen 
off  my  feet.  When  I  woke  up,  I  began  crying. 
A  fellow  named  Gyp  then  came  along  (I  knew  his 
name  afterwards),  and  he  said,  '  \Vhat  are  you 
crying  for  V  and  I  told  him,  and  he  said,  '  Pull  off 
your  stockings,  and  come  with  me,  and  I  '11  show 
you  where  to  sleep.'  So  I  did,  and  he  took  me  to 
St.  Olave's  workhouse,  having  first  sold  my  stock- 
ings. I  had  never  stolen  anything  until  then. 
There  I  slept  in  the  casual  ward,  and  Gyp  slept 
there  too.  In  the  morning  we  started  together  for 
Smithfield,  where  he  said  he  had  a  job  to  sweep  the 
pens,  but  he  couldn't  sweep  them  without  pulling 
off  his  coat,  and  it  would  look  so  queer  if  he  hadn't 
a  shirt — and  he  hadn't  one.  He  promised  to 
teach  me  how  to  make  a  living  in  the  country  if  I 
would  lend  him  mine,  and  I  was  persuaded— 
for  I  was  an  innocent  lad  then — and  went  up 
a  gateway  and  stripped  off  my  shirt  and  gave 
it  to  him,  and  soon  after  he  went  into  a  public- 
house  to  get  half  a  pint  of  beer ;  he  went  in  at 
one  door  and  out  at  another,  and  I  didn't  see 
him  for  six  months  afterwards.  That  afternoon  I 
went  into  Billingsgate  market  and  met  some  bnys, 
and  one  said,  '  Mate,  how  long  have  you  been 
knocking  about ;  where  did  you  doss  V  I  didn't 
know  what  they  meant,  and  when  they'd  told  me 
they  meant  where  did  I  sleep  1  I  told  them  how 
I  'd  been  served.  And  they  said,  '  Oh  !  you  must 
expect  that,  until  you  learn  something,'  and  they 
laughed.  They  all  know'd  Gyp  ;  he  was  like  the 
head  of  a  Billingsgate  gang  once.  I  became  a  pal 
with  these  beys  at  Billingsgate,  and  we  went  about 
stealing  fish  anv5  meat.  Some  boys  have  made  2s. 
in  a  morning,  ween  fish  is  dear — those  that  had 
pluck  and  luck  ;  t»_<;y  sold  it  at  half-price.  Bil- 
lingsgate market  is  a  good  place  to  sell  it ;  plenty 
of  costermongers  are  there  who  will  buy  it, 
rather  than  of  the  salesmen.  I  soon  grew  as  bad 
as  the  rest  at  this  work.  At  first  I  sold  it  to  other 
boys,  who  would  get  3d.  for  what  they  bought 
at  Id.  Now  they  can't  do  me.  If  I  can  get  a  thing 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


457 


cheap  where  I  lodge,  and  have  the  money,  and  can 
sell  it  dear,  that's  the  chance.  I  carried  on  this  fish 
rig  for  about  two  years,  and  went  begging  a  little, 
too.  I  used  to  try  a  little  thieving  sometimes  in 
Petticoat-lane.  They  say  the  'fliest'  is  easy  to 
take  in  sometimes — that  'B  the  artfullest ;  but  I 
could  do  no  good  there.  At  these  two  years' 
end,  I  was  often  as  happy  as  could  be ;  that  is, 

when  I  had  made  money.  Then  I  met  B , 

whom  I  had  often  heard  of  as  an  uncommon  clever 
pickpocket;  he  could  do  it  about  as  well  as  I 
can  now,  so  as  people  won't  feel  it  Three  of  his 
mates  were  transported  for  stealing  silver  plate. 
He  and  I  became  pals,  and  started  for  the 
country  with  Id.  We  went  through  Foot's  Cray, 
and  passed  a  farm  where  a  man  's  buried  at  the  top 
of  a  house  ;  there  's  something  about  money  while 
a  man  's  above  ground  ;  I  don't  understand  it,  but 
it 's  something  like  that.  A  baker,  about  thirty 
miles  from  London, offended  us  about  some  bread; 

and  B said  '  I'll  serve  him  out.'  We  watched 

him  out,  and  B tried  at  his  pocket,  saying, 

*  I'll  show  you  how  to  do  a  handkerchief;'  but  the 

baker  looked  round,  and  B stopped  ;  and  just 

after  that  I  flared  it  (whisked  the  handkerchief  out); 
and  that 's  the  first  I  did.  It  brought  1*.  3d.  We 
travelled  across  country,  and  got  to  Maidstone,  and 
did  two  handkerchiefs.  One  I  wore  round  my  neck, 
and  the  other  the  lodging-housekeeper  pawned  for 
us  for  1«.  6d.  In  Maidstone,  next  morning,  I  was 
nailed,  and  had  three  months  of  it.  I  didn't  mind 
it  so  much  then,  but  Maidstone's  far  worse  now, 
I've  heard.  I  have  been  in  prison  three  times  in 
Brixton,  three  times  in  the  Old  Horse  (Bridewell), 
three  times  in  the  Compter,  once  in  the  Steel,  and 
once  in  Maidstone — thirteen  times  in  all,  including 
twice  I  was  remanded,  and  got  off;  but  I  don't 
reckon  that  prison.  Every  time  I  came  out  harder 
than  I  went  in.  I've  had  four  floggings;  it  was 
bad  enough — a  flogging  was — while  it  lasted  ;  but 
when  I  got  out  I  soon  forgot  it.  At  a  week's  end 
I  never  thought  again  about  it  If  I  had  been 

treated  I  should  have  been  a  better  lad.  I 
could  leave  off  thieving  now  as  if  I  had  never 
thieved,  if  I  could  live  without."  [I  am  inclined 
to  doubt  this  part  of  the  statement.]  "  I  have 
carried  on  this  sort  of  life  until  now.  I  didn't  often 
Bake  a  very  good  thing  of  it  I  saw  Manning  and 
his  wife  hung.  Mrs.  Manning  was  dressed  1><  .m 

hen  she  came  up.  She  screeched  when  Jack 
Ketch  pulled  the  bolt  away.  She  was  harder 
than  Manning,  they  all  said  ;  without  her  then- 
would  have  been  no  murder.  It  w.-ig  a  great  deal 
talked  about,  and  Manning  was  pitii-d.  It  was  a 
Danish  men  t  to  her  t<>  come  en  the  scaffold  and  see 
Manning  with  the  rope  about  hi*  neck,  if  people 
takes  it  in  the  right  liuht.  I  did  4t.  6d.  at  the 
Judging— two  hand  md  a  purse  « 

tbe  best  purse  I  ever  had  ;  but  I  've  only 
purses.  The  reason  is,  because 
i  •  11  dressed.  It"  I  w.-i,t  near  a 

lady,  she  would  say,  '  Tush,  tosh,  you  ragged 
fellow!'  and  wo«ld  shrink  away.  But  I  would 
rather  rob  the  rich  than  the  poor ;  they  miss  it 
fcw.  But  1*.  honest  goes  funh.-r  than  fc.  stolen. 
Borne  call  that  only  a  saying,  but  it's  true.  All 


the  money  I  got  soon  went — most  ol  it  •>  gambling. 
Picking  pockets,  when  any  one  comes  to  think  on 
it,  is  the  daringest  thing  that  a  boy  can  do.  It 
didn't  in  the  least  frighten  me  to  see  Manning  and 
Mrs.  Manning  hanged.  I  never  thought  I  should 
come  to  the  gallows,  and  I  never  shall — I'm  not 
high-tempered  enough  for  that.  The  only  thing  that 
frightens  me  when  I  'm  in  prison  is  sleeping  in  a 
cell  by  myself — you  do  in  the  Old  Horse  and  the 
Steel — because  I  think  things  may  appear.  You 
can't  imagine  how  one  dreams  when  in  trouble. 
I  've  often  started  up  in  a  fright  from  a  dream.  I 
don't  know  what  might  appear.  I  've  heard  people 
talk  about  ghosts  and  that.  Once,  in  the  County, 
a  tin  had  been  left  under  a  tap  that  went  drip — 
drip — drip.  And  all  in  the  ward  were  shocking 
frightened  ;  and  weren't  we  glad  when  we  found 
out  what  it  was!  Boys  tell  stories  about  haunted 
castles,  and  cats  that  are  devils  ;  and  that  frightens 
one.  At  the  fire  in  Monument-yard  I  did  65.  7d. 
— 3s.  in  silver  and  2s.  3d.  in  handkerchiefs,  and 
4d.  for  three  pairs  of  gloves.  I  sell  my  handker- 
chiefs in  the  Lane  (Petticoat-lane).  I  carry  on 
this  trade  still.  Most  times  I  've  got  in  prison  is 
when  I've  been  desperate  from  hunger,  and  have 

said  to  B ,  '  Now  I  '11  have  money,  nailed  or 

not  nailed.'  I  can  pick  a  woman's  pocket  as  easy 
as  a  man's,  though  you  wouldn't  think  it.  If  one's 
in  prison  for  begging,  one's  laughed  at  The  others 
say,  '  Begging  1  Oh,  you  cadger ! '  So  a  boy  is 
partly  forced  to  steal  for  his  character.  I  've  lived 
a  good  deal  in  lodging-houses,  and  know  the  ways 
of  them.  They  are  very  bad  places  for  a  boy  to 
be  in.  Where  I  am  now,  when  the  place  is  full, 
there's  upwards  of  100  can  be  accommodated.  I 
won't  be  there  long.  I'll  do  something  to  get  out 
of  it.  There's  people  there  will  rob  their  own 
brother.  There's  people  there  talk  backward — 
for  one  they  say  eno,  for  two  oict,  for  three  eerht, 
for  four  ruof,  for  five  evif,  for  six  erw.  I  don't 
know  any  higher.  I  can  neither  read  nor  write. 
In  this  lodging-house  there  are  no  women.  They 
talk  there  chiefly  about  what  they've  done,  or  are 
going  to  do,  or  have  set  their  minds  upon,  just  as 
you  and  any  other  gentlemen  might  do.  I  have 
been  in  lodging-houses  in  Mint-street  and  Kent- 
.strert,  where  men  and  women  and  children  all 
slept  in  one  room.  I  think  the  men  and  women 
who  slept  together  were  generally  married,  or  lived 
together  ;  but  it's  not  right  for  a  big  boy  to  sleep 
in  the  same  room.  Young  men  have  had  beds  to 
themselves,  and  so  have  young  women  there  ;  but 
there's  a  deputy  comes  into  the  root: 
and  then,  to  see  there's  nothing  wrong.  Th«-n-'.s 
little  said  in  these  places,  the  people  are  generally 
i.  Where  I  am  there's  horrid  language — 
•wearing,  and  everything  that's  bad.  They  are  to 
there's  not  work  for  honest 
people,  let  alone  thieves.  In  the  lodging  -houses 
the  air  is  very  bad,  enough  to  stifle  one  in  bed — 
so  many  breaths  together.  Without  HU  ! 
my  trade  couldn't  be  carried  on  ;  I  couldn't  H\e. 
Some  though  would  find  another  way  ..,,t.  Three 


or  four  would  take  a  room  among  t 
body's  money's  good  —  you   can   always  get  a 
•uld  be  glad  to  leave  this  It 


456 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


work  at  a  pottery.  As  to  sea,  a  bad  captain 
would  make  me  run  away — sure.  He  can  do 
what  he  likes  with  you  when  you're  out  at  sea. 
I  don't  get  more  than  2s.  a  week,  one  week  with 
the  other,  by  thieving  ;  some  days  you  do  nothing 
until  hunger  makes  your  spirits  rise.  I  can't 
thieve  on  a  full  belly.  I  live  on  2s.  a  week  from 
thieving,  because  I  understand  fiddling  —  that 
means,  buying  a  thing  for  a  mere  trifle,  and  selling 
it  for  double,  or  for  more,  if  you  're  not  taken  in 
yourself.  I  've  been  put  up  to  a  few  tricks  in 
lodging-houses,  and  now  I  can  put  others  up  to  it. 
Everybody  must  look  after  themselves,  and  I 
can't  say  I  was  very  sorry  when  I  stole  that  2s. 
from  a  poor  woman,  but  I  'd  rather  have  had 
Is.  6d.  from  a  rich  one.  I  never  drink — eating  'g 
ray  part.  I  spend  chief  part  of  my  money  in 
pudding.  I  don't  like  living  in  lodging-houses, 
but  I  must  like  it  as  I  'in  placed  now — that  sort 
of  living,  and  those  lodging-houses,  or  starving. 
They  bring  tracts  to  the  lodging-houses — pipes  are 
lighted  with  them ;  tracts  won't  fill  your  belly. 
Tracts  is  no  good,  except  to  a  person  that  has  a 
home ;  at  the  lodging-houses  they  're  laughed  at. 
They  seldom  are  mentioned.  I  've  heard  some  of 
them  read  by  missionaries,  but  can't  catch  any- 
thing from  them.  If  it  had  been  anything  bad,  I 
should  have  caught  it  readily.  If  an  innocent 
boy  gets  into  a  lodging-house,  he  '11  not  be  inno- 
cent long — he  can't.  I  know  three  boys  who 
have  run  away,  and  are  in  the  lodging-houses  still, 
but  I  hope  their  father  has  caught  them.  Last 
night  a  little  boy  came  to  the  lodging-house  where 
I  was.  We  all  thought  he  had  run  away,  by  the 
way  he  spoke.  He  stayed  all  night,  but  was 
found  out  in  two  or  three  falsehoods.  I  wanted 
to  get  him  back  home,  or  he  '11  be  as  bad  as  I  am 
in  time,  though  he  'a  nothing  to  me ;  but  I 
couldnt  find  him  this  morning;  but  I  '11  get  him 
home  yet,  perhaps.  The  Jews  in  Petticoat-lane 
are  terrible  rogues.  They'll  buy  anything  of  you 
— they  '11  buy  what  you  've  stolen  from  their  next- 
door  neighbours — that  they  would,  if  they  knew 
it.  But  they  '11  give  you  very  little  for  it.  and 
they  threaten  to  give  you  up  if  you  won't  take  a 
quarter  of  the  value  of  it  '  Oh  !  I  shee  you  do 
it,'  they  say,  '  and  I  like  to  shee  him  robbed,  but 
you  musht  take  vot  I  give.'  I  wouldn't  mind 
what  harm  came  to  those  Petticoat-laners.  Many 
of  them  are  worth  thousands,  though  you  wouldn't 
think  it"  After  this  I  asked  him  what  he,  as  a 
sharp  lad,  thought  was  the  cause  of  so  many  boys 
becoming  vagrant  pickpockets?  He  answered, 
"Why,  sir,  if  boys  runs  away,  and  has  to  shelter 
in  low  lodging-houses— and  many  runs  away  from 
cruel  treatment  at  home — they  meet  there  with 
boys  such  as  me,  or  as  bad,  and  the  devil  soon 
lays  his  hand  on  them.  If  there  wasn't  so  many 
lodging-houses  there  wouldn't  be  so  many  bad 
boys — there  couldn't.  Lately  a  boy  came  down 
to  Billingsgate,  and  said  he  wouldn't  stay  at 
home  to  be  knocked  about  any  longer.  He  said 
it  to  some  boys  like  me ;  and  he  was  asked  if  he 
lonlJ  get  anything  from  bis  mother,  and  he  said 
'  yes,  he  could.'  So  he  went  back,  and  brought 
a  brooch  and  some  other  things  with  him  to  * 


place  fixed  on,  and  then  he  and  some  of  the  boys 
set  off  for  the  country  ;  and  that 's  the  way  boys 
is  trapped.  I  think  the  fathers  of  such  boya 
either  ill-treat  them,  or  neglect  them ;  and  so  they 
run  away.  My  father  used  to  beat  me  shocking ; 
so  I  hated  home.  I  stood  hard  licking  well,  and 
was  called  '  the  plucked  one.'  "  This  boy  first 
stole  flowers,  currants,  and  gooseberries  out  of  the 
clergyman's  garden,  more  by  way  of  bravado,  and 
to  ensure  the  approbation  of  his  comrades,  than 
for  anything  else.  He  answered  readily  to  my 
inquiry,  as  to  what  he  thought  would  become  of 
him?—"  Transportation.  If  a  boy  has  great  luck 
he  may  carry  on  for  eight  years.  Three  or  four 
years  is  the  common  run,  but  transportation  is 
what  he 's  sure  to  come  to  in  the  end."  This  lad 
picked  my  pocket  at  my  request,  and  so  dexte- 
rously did  he  do  his  "  work,"  that  though  I  was 
alive  to  what  he  was  trying  to  do,  it  was  impos- 
sible for  me  to  detect  the  least  movement  of  my 
coat.  To  see  him  pick  the  pockets,  as  he  did,  of 
some  of  the  gentlemen  who  were  present  on  the 
occasion,  was  a  curious  sight.  He  crept  behind 
much  like  a  cat  with  his  claws  out,  and  while  in 
the  act  held  his  breath  with  suspense  ;  but  imme- 
diately the  handkerchief  was  safe  in  his  hand,  the 
change  in  the  expression  of  his  countenance  was 
most  marked.  He  then  seemed  almost  to  be  con- 
vulsed with  delight  at  the  success  of  his  perilous 
adventure,  and,  turning  his  back,  held  up  the  hand- 
kerchief to  discover  the  value  of  his  prize,  with 
intense  glee  evident  in  every  feature. 


STA 


OP  A  PROSTITUTE. 


THE  narrative  which  follows — that  of  a  prosti- 
tute, sleeping  in  the  low-lodging  houses,  where 
boys  and  girls  are  all  huddled  promiscuously  toge- 
ther, discloses  a  system  of  depravity,  atrocity,  and 
enormity,  which  certainly  cannot  be  paralleled  in 
any  nation,  however  barbarous,  nor  in  any  age, 
however  "  dark."  The  facts  detailed,  it  will  be 
seen,  are  gross  enough  to  make  us  all  blush  for 
the  land  in  which  such  scenes  can  be  daily  per- 
petrated. The  circumstances,  which  it  is  im- 
possible to  publish,  are  of  the  most  loathsome  and 
revolting  nature. 

A  good-looking  girl  of  sixteen  gave  me  the  fol- 
lowing awful  statement : — 

"  I  am  an  orphan.  When  I  was  ten  I  was 
sent  to  service  as  maid  of  all- work,  in  a  small 
tradesman's  family.  It  was  a  hard  place,  and  my 
mistress  used  me  very  cruelly,  beating  me  often. 
When  I  had  been  in  place  three  weeks,  my  mother 
died ;  my  father  having  died  twelve  years  before. 
I  stood  my  mistress's  ill-treatment  for  about  six 
months.  She  beat  me  with  sticks  as  well  as  with 
her  hands.  I  was  black  and  blue,  and  at  last  I 
ran  away.  I  got  to  Mrs. ,  a  low  lodging- 
house.  I  didn't  know  before  that  there  was  such 
a  place.  I  heard  of  it  from  some  girls  at  the 
Glasshouse  (baths  and  washhouses),  where  I  went 
for  shelter.  I  went  with  them  to  have  a  halfpenny 
worth  of  coffee,  and  they  took  me  to  the  lodging- 
house.  I  then  had  three  shillings,  and  stayed 
about  a  month,  and  did  nothing  wrong,  living  on 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


459 


the  three  shillings  and  what  I  pawned  my  clothes 
for,  as  I  got  some  pretty  good  things  away  with 
me.  In  the  lodging-house  I  saw  nothing  but  what 
was  bad,  and  heard  nothing  but  what  was  bad.  I 
was  laughed  at,  and  was  told  to  swear.  They 

said,  'Look  at  her  for  a  d modest  fool' — 

sometimes  worse  than  that,  until  by  degrees  I  got 
to  be  as  bad  as  they  were.  During  this  time  I 
used  to  see  boys  and  girls  from  ten  and  twelve 
years  old  sleeping  together,  but  understood  nothing 
wrong.  I  had  never  heard  of  such  places  before  I 
ran  away.  I  can  neither  read  nor  write.  My 
mother  was  a  good  woman,  and  I  wish  I  'd  had 
her  to  run  away  to.  I  s-iw  things  between  almost 
children  that  I  can't  describe  to  you — very  often  I 
saw  them,  and  that  shocked  me.  At  the  month's 
end,  when  I  was  beat  out,  I  met  with  a  young 
man  of  fifteen — I  myself  was  going  on  to  twelve 
years  old — and  he  persuaded  me  to  take  up  with 
him.  I  stayed  with  him  three  months  in  the  same 
lodging-house,  living  with  him  as  his  wife,  though 
were  mere  children,  and  being  true  to  him. 
At  the  three  months'  end  he  was  taken  up  for 
picking  pockets,  and  got  six  months.  I  was  sorry, 
for  he  was  kind  to  me ;  though  I  was  made  ill 
through  him ;  so  I  broke  some  windows  in  St. 
Paul's-churchyard  to  get  into  prison  to  get  cured. 
I  had  a  month  in  the  Compter,  and  came  out  well. 
I  was  scolded  very  much  in  the  Compter,  on  ac- 
count of  the  state  I  was  in,  being  so  young.  I 
had  2«.  Qd.  given  to  me  when  I  came  out,  and  was 
forced  to  go  into  the  streets  for  a  living.  I  conti- 
nued walking  the  streets  for  three  years,  some- 
times making  a  good  deal  of  money,  sometimes 
none,  feasting  one  day  and  starving  the  next.  The 
jirls  could  persuade  me  to  do  anything  they 
.  :th  my  money.  I  was  never  happy  all  the 
ut  I  could  get  no  character  and  could  not 
tet  out  of  the  life.  I  lodged  all  this  time  at  a 
lodging-house  in  Kent-street.  They  were  all  thieves 
1  girls.  I  have  known  between  three  and 
'1  girls  sleep  in  one  room.  The 
beds  were  horrid  h'lthy  and  full  of  vermin.  There 
was  very  wicked  carryings  on.  The  boys,  if  any 
difference,  was  the  worst.  We  lay  packed  on  a 
full  night,  a  dozen  boys  and  girls  squeedned  into 
one  bed.  That  waa  very  often  the  case — some  at 
the  foot  and  some  at  the  top — boys  and  girls  all 
I  can't  go  intD  all  the  particulars,  but 
»T  could  tike  place  in  words  or  acts  between 
boy*  and  girls  did  take  place,  and  in  the  midst  of 
the  others.  I  am  sorry  to  say  I  took  part  in  these 
bad  ways  myself,  but  I  wasn't  so  bad  as  some  of 
•TS.  There  was  only  a  candle  burning  all 
:>tit  in  summer  it  was  light  yreat  part  of  the 
••  boys  and  girls  slept  without  any 
«othe«,  and  would  the  room  that  way. 

I  have  seen    them,  and,   wicked  as   I   was,  felt 
luuned.     I  have  seen  two  dozen  capering  about 
*  room  that  way  ;  some  mere  children,  the  boys 
[••oenUly  the 
• 

Thin 

u  carried  nn  ju*t  the  same  as  ever  to  this  day,  and 
Mime  every  ir./ht.  I  have  heard  youag 
<ut  out  to  one  another  how  ofu-n  they  had 


been  obliged  to  go  to  the  hospital,  Oi  th.3  infirmary, 
or  the  workhouse.  There  was  a  great  deal  of 
boasting  about  what  the  boys  and  girls  had  stolen 
during  the  day.  I  have  known  boys  and  girls 
change  their  '  partners.'  just  for  a  night.  At  three 
years'  end  I  stole  a  piece  of  beef  from  a  butcher. 
I  did  it  to  get  into  prison.  I  was  sick  of  the  life 
I  -was  loading,  and  didn't  know  how  to  get  out  of 
it.  I  had  a  month  for  stealing.  When  I  got  out 
I  passed  two  days  and  a  night  in  the  streets  doing 
nothing  wrong,  and  then  went  and  threatened  to 

break  Messrs.  windows  again.    I  did  that 

to  get  into  prison  again  ;  for  when  I  lay  quiet  of  a 
night  in  prison  I  thought  things  over,  and  con- 
sidered what  a  shocking  life  I  was  leading,  and  how 
my  health  might  lie  ruined  completely,  and  I 
thought  I  would  stick  to  prison  rather  than  go  back 
to  such  a  life.  I  got  six  months  for  threatening. 
When  I  got  out  I  broke  a  lamp  next  morning  for 
the  same  purpose,  and  had  a  fortnight.  That  was 
the  last  time  I  was  in  prison.  I  have  since  been 
leading  the  same  life  as  I  told  you  of  for  the  three 
years,  and  lodging  at  the  same  houses,  and  seeing 
the  same  goings  on.  I  hate  such  a  life  now  more 
than  ever.  I  am  wiliinir  to  do  any  work  that  I 
can  in  washing  and  cleaning.  I  can  do  a  little  at 
my  needle.  I  could  do  hard  work,  for  I  have 
good  health.  I  used  to  wash  and  clean  in  prison, 
and  always  behaved  myself  there.  At  the  house 

where  I  am  it  is  3d.  a  night;  but  at  Mrs. 's 

it  is  Id.  and  2d.  a  night-,  and  just  the  same  goings 
on.  Many  a  girl — nearly  all  of  them — goes  out 
into  the  streets  from  this  penny  and  twopenny 
house,  to  get  money  for  their  favourite  boys  by 
prostitution.  If  the  girl  cannot  get  money  she 
must  steal  something,  or  will  be  beaten  by  her 
'  chap'  when  she  comes  home.  I  have  seen  them 
beaten,  often  kicked  and  beaten  until  they  were 
blind  from  bloodshot,  and  their  K'eth  knocked  out 
with  kicks  from  boots  as  the  girl  lays  on  the 
ground.  The  boys,  in  their  turn,  are  out  thieving 
all  day,  and  the  lodging-house  keeper  will  buy  any 
stolen  provisions  of  them,  and  sell  them  to  the 
lodgers.  I  never  saw  the  police  in  the  house.  If 
a  boy  comes  to  the  house  »n  a  i  i^ht  without  money 
or  sawney,  or  something  to  sell  to  the  lodgers,  a 
handkerchief  or  something  of  that  kind,  he  is  not 
admitted,  but  told  very  plainly.  '  <io  tin* 
then.'  Girls  .  just  the  same.  Any 

body  may  call  in  the  daytime  at  this  house  and 
have  a  halfpennyworth  of  coffee  and  MI  any  length 
of  time  until  •  seen  thir<- 

sitting  there  that  way,  all  thieve.-*  and   1> 
There  are  no  chairs.  ;  in  tr»nt  of 

:i   sit.     The  others 

sit  on  the  floor  all  about  the  room,  as  n< 
fire  as  they  can.     Bad  language  goes  on  during  the 
•  I  have  told  you  it  did  during  the  flight, 
and  indecencies  too,  but  nothing  like  so  bad  as  at 
They  talk   about   where    there    is   good 
places    to   go  ,i-    missioners    call 

sometime*,   but  they're  !  often    when 

they  're  talking,  and    always  before    the 
closed  •  u'irl   KOCH  ; 

g-'t  a  h 
door,  she  is  always  shocked.     Many  a  poor  gjr* 


4GO 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


hag  been  ruined  in  this  house  since  I  was,  and 
boys  hare  boasted  about  it.  I  never  knew  boy 
or  girl  do  good,  once  get  used  there.  Get  used 
there,  indeed,  and  you  are  life-ruined.  I  was  an 
only  child,  and  haven't  a  friend  in  the  world.  I 
bave  heard  several  girls  say  how  they  would  like 
to  get  out  of  the  life,  and  out  of  the  place.  From 
those  I  know,  I  think  that  cruel  parents  and  mis- 
tresses cause  many  to  be  driven  there.  One 

lodging-house  keeper,  Mrs. ,  goes  out  dressed 

respectable,  and  pawns  any  stolen  property,  or 
sells  it  at  public-houses." 

As  a  corroboration  of  the  girl's  statement,  a 
wretched-looking  boy,  only  thirteen  years  of  age, 
gave  me  the  following  additional  information.  He 
had  a  few  rags  hanging  about  him,  and  no  shirt — 
indeed,  he  was  hardly  covered  enough  for  pur- 
poses of  decency,  his  skin  being  exposed  through 
the  rents  in  his  jacket  and  browsers.  He  had  a 
stepfather,  who  treated  him  very  cruelly.  The 
Btepfather  and  the  child's  mother  went  "across 
the  country,"  begging  and  stealing.  Before  the 
mother  died,  an  elder  brother  ran  away  on  account 
of  being  beaten : — 

"Sometimes  (I  give  his  own  words)  he  (the 
stepfather)  wouldn't  give  us  a  bit  to  eat,  telling  us 
to  go  and  thieve  for  it  My  brother  had  been 
a  month  gone  (he's  now  a  soldier  in  Gibraltar) 
when  I  ran  away  to  join  him.  I  knew  where  to 
rind  him,  as  we  met  sometimes.  We  lived  by 
thieving,  and  I  do  still — by  pulling  flesh  (stealing 

meat).  I  got  to  lodge  at  Mrs. ,  and  have 

been  there  this  eight  months.  I  can  read  and 
write  a  little."  [This  boy  then  confirmed  what 
the  young  girl  had  told  me  of  the  grossest  acts 
night  by  night  among  the  boys  and  girls,  the  lan- 
guage, &c.,  and  continued] — "  I  always  sleep  on 
the  floor  for  Id.  and  pay  a  \d.  besides  for  coke. 
At  this  lodging-house  cats  and  kittens  are  melted 
down,  sometimes  twenty  a  day.  A  quart  pot  is  a 
cat,  and  pints  and  half  pints  are  kittens.  A  kit- 
ten (pint)  brings  3d.  from  the  rag  shops,  and  a 
cat  6d.  There's  convenience  to  melt  them  down 
at  the  lodging-house.  We  can't  sell  clothes  in 
the  house,  except  any  lodger  wants  them ;  and 
clothes  nearly  all  goes  to  the  Jews  in  Petticoat- 
lane.  Mrs.  buys  the  sawney  of  us ;  so 

much  for  the  lump,  2d.  a  pound  about ;  she  sells  it 
again  for  twice  what  she  gives,  and  more.  Per- 
haps 30  Ib.  of  meat  every  day  is  sold  to  her.  I 
have  been  in  prison  six  times,  and  have  had  three 
dozen ;  each  time  I  came  out  harder.  If  I  left 

Mrs. 's  house  I  don't  know  how  I  could  get 

my  living.  Lots  of  boys  would  get  away  if  they 
could.  I  never  drink,  I  don't  like  it  Very  few 
of  us  boys  drink.  I  don't  like  thieving,  and  often 
go  about  singing;  but  I  can't  live  by  singing,  and 
I  don't  know  how  I  could  live  honestly.  If  I 
had  money  enough  to  buy  a  stock  of  oranges 
I  think  I  could  be  honest." 

The  above  facts  require  no  comment  from  me. 

STATEMENT  OP  A  BEGGAR. 
A  beggar  decently   attired,  and   with   a  simple 
and  what  some  would  call  even  a  respectable  look, 
gave  me  the  following  account : — 


"  I  am  now  twenty-eight,  and  have  known  all 
connected  with  the  begging  trade  since  I  was  four- 
teen. My  grandfather  (mother's  father)  was  rich, 
owning  three  parts  of  the  accommodation  houses 
in  St.  Giles's ;  he  allowed  me  2s.  a  week  pocket- 
money.  My  grandfather  kept  the  great  house,  the 
old  Rose  and  Crown,  in  Church-lane,  opposite 
Carver-street,  best  known  as  the  '  Beggar's  Opera.' 
When  a  child  rf  seven,  T  have  seen  the  place 
crowded — crammed  with  nothing  but  beggars, 
first-rates — none  else  used  the  house.  The  money 
I  saw  in  the  hands  of  the  beggars  made  a  great 
impression  upon  me.  My  father  took  away  my 
mother's  money.  I  wish  my  mother  had  run 
away  instead.  He  was  kind,  but  she  was  always 
nagging.  My  father  was  a  foreman  in  a  foundry. 
I  got  a  situation  in  the  same  foundry  after  my 
father  cut.  Once  I  was  sent  to  a  bank  with  a 
cheque  for  38£.  to  get  cashed,  in  silver,  for  wages. 
In  coming  away,  I  met  a  companion  of  mini-,  and 
he  persuaded  me  to  bolt  with  the  money,  and  go 
to  Ashley's.  The  money  was  too  much  for  my 
head  to  carry.  I  fooled  all  that  money  away.  I 
wasn't  in  bed  for  more  than  a  fortnight.  I  bought 
linnets  in  cages  for  the  fancy  of  my  persuader.  In 
fact,  I  didn't  know  what  use  to  put  the  money  to. 
I  was  among  plenty  of  girls.  When  the  money 
was  out  I  was  destitute.  I  couldn't  go  back  to  my 
employers,  and  I  couldn't  face  my  mother's  temper 
— that  was  worse  ;  but  for  that  nagging  of  hers  I 
shouldn't  have  been  as  I  am.  She  has  thrashed 
me  with  a  hand  broom  until  I  was  silly ;  there's  the 
bumps  on  my  head  still ;  and  yet  that  woman  would 
have  given  me  her  heart's  blood  to  do  me  a  good. 
As  soon  as  I  found  myself  quite  destitute,  I 
went  wandering  about  the  City,  picking  up  the 
skins  of  gooseberries  and  orange  peel  to  eat,  to 
live  on — things  my  stomach  would  turn  at  now. 
At  last  my  mother  came  to  hear  that  I  tried 
to  destroy  myself.  She  paid  the  38/.,  and  my 
former  employers  got  me  a  situation  in  Padding- 
ton.  I  was  there  a  month,  and  then  I  met  him 
as  advised  me  to  steal  the  money  before — he  'i 
called  the  ex-king  of  the  costermongers  now. 
Well  he  was  crying  hareskins,  and  advised  me 
again  to  bolt,  and  I  went  with  him.  My  mind 
was  bent  upon  costermongering  and  a  roving 
life.  I  couldn't  settle  to  anything.  I  wanted  to 
be  away  when  I  was  at  work,  and  when  I  wai 
away  I  wanted  to  be  back  again.  It  was  difficult 
for  me  to  stick  to  anything  for  five  minutes  toge- 
ther; it  is  so  now.  What  I  begin  I  can't  finish  at 
the  time— unless  it 's  a  pot  of  beer.  Well,  in  four 
days  my  adviser  left  me ;  he  had  no  more  use  for 
me.  I  was  a  flat.  He  had  me  for  a  "go-along," 
to  cry  his  things  for  him.  Then,  for  the  first  time 
in  my  life,  I  went  into  a  low  lodging-house.  There 
was  forty  men  and  women  sleeping  in  one  room.  1 
had  to  sleep  with  a  black  man,  and  I  slept  on  the 
floor  to  get  away  from  the  fellow.  There  were 
plenty  of  girls  there;  some  playing  cards  and 
dominoes.  It  was  very  dirty — old  Mother  — 
in  Lawrence-lane — the  Queen  of  Hell  she  was 
called.  There  was  one  tub  among  the  lot  of 
us.  I  felt  altogether  disgusted.  Tho.- 
lived  there  were  beggars,  thieves,  smashers,  coiners, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


4<J1 


purchasers  of  begged  and  stolen  goods,  and  pro- 
stitutes. The  youngest  prostitute  was  twelve,  and 
so  up  to  fifty.  The  beastliest  language  went  on. 
It 's  done  to  outrival  one  another.  There  I  met 
with  a  man  called  Tom  Shallow  (shallow  is  cant 
for  half-naked),  and  he  took  me  out  ballad-singing, 
and  when  we  couldn't  get  on  at  that  (the  songs 
got  dead)  he  left  me.  I  made  him  10*.  or  12*.  a 
daf  in  them  days,  but  he  only  gave  me  my  lodg- 
ings and  grub  (but  not  half  enough),  and  two 
pipes  of  tobacco  a  day  to  keep  the  hunger  down,  \ 
that  I  mightn't  be  expensive.  I  then  'listed.  I  J 
was  starving,  and  couldn't  raise  a  lodging.  I  took 
the  shilling,  but  was  rejected  by  the  doctor.  I 
listed  again  at  Chatham  afterwards,  but  was  re- 
jected again.  I  stayed  jobbing  among  the  soldiers 
for  some  weeks,  and  then  they  gave  me  an  old  re- 
gimental suit,  and  with  that  I  came  to  London, 
.rave  me  a  jacket,  and  another  a  pair  of 
military  trowsers,  and  another  a  pair  of  old  am- 
munition boots,  and  so  on.  About  that  time  a 
batch  of  invalids  came  from  Spain,  where  they 
had  been  under  General  Evans.  On  my  way  up 
from  Chatham,  I  met  at  Gravesend  with  seven 
chaps  out  on  '  the  Spanish  lurk'  as  they  called  it 
— that  is,  passing  themselves  off  as  wounded  men 
of  the  Spanish  Legion.  Two  had  been  out  in  Spain, 
and  managed  the  business  if  questions  were  asked ; 
the  others  were  regular  English  beggars,  who  had 
never  been  out  of  the  country.  I  joined  them  aa 
a  serjeant,  as  I  had  a  sergeant's  jacket  given  me 
at  Chatham.  On  our  way  to  London — '  the  school ' 
(as  the  lot  is  called)  came  all  together — we  picked 
up  among  us  41.  and  51.  a  day — no  matter  where 
we  went.  '  The  school'  all  slept  in  lodging  houses, 
and  I  at  last  began  to  feel  comfortable  in  them.  We 
•pent  our  evenings  in  eating  out-and  out  suppers. 
Sometimes  we  had  such  things  as  sucking  pigs, 
hams,  mince  pies — indeed  we  lived  on  the  best. 
No  nobleman  could  live  better  in  them  days.  So 
much  wine,  too  !  I  drank  in  such  excess,  ray  nose 
was  aa  big  as  that  there  letter  stamp  ;  so  that  I 
got  a  sickening  of  it.  We  gave  good  victuals 
•way  that  was  given  to  us — it  was  a  nuisance  to 
carry  them.  It  cost  us  from  6d.  to  1*.  a  day  to 
have  our  shoes  cleaned  by  poor  tramps,  and  for 
clean  dickies.  The  clean  dodge  is  always  the 
best  for  begging  upon.  At  Wr.nl  wich  we  were 
all  on  the  fuddle  at  the  Dust  Hole,  and  our  two 

Ekesmen  were   drunk  ;   and  I  went  to  beg  of 
jor ,  whose  brother  was  then  in  Spain — 

he   himself  had   been   out   previously.     .Y 

the  major  at  his  own  house,  I  said,  '  I    was  • 

•ergeant  in  the  3rd  Westminster  Grenadiers,  you 

know,  and  served  under  your  brother.'   '  <  »h  !  yet, 

that 's  my  brother's  regiment,'  says  he. 

was  you, "then,  on  th«  16th  of  October  ''     '  Why, 

is  at  the  taking  of  the  city  of  Iran,'  says 

I  I   was  .it  that  time  with  the  cotter- 

•Ys,   calling  cabbages,  'white 

cabbages,   oh!')      Then   said   the  major, 

day  was  Brnani  taken  on  V     '  Why/  said 

I  (I  was  a  little  tipsy,  and  bothered  at  the  rat* 

that  was  tk.    , 

well,  my  mar*/  says  he,  tipping  his  boots  with  a 
whip  he  h.-M,  '  I'll  see  what  I  can 


you  ;'  and  the  words  were  no  sooner  out  of  his 
mouth  than  he  stepped  up  to  me  and  gave  me  a 
regular  pasting.  He  horsewhipped  me  up  and 
down  stairs,  and  all  along  the  passages ;  my  flesh 
was  like  sassages.  I  managed  at  last,  however, 
to  open  the  door  myself,  and  get  away.  After 
that  '  the  school '  came  to  London.  In  a  day  we 
used  to  make  from  81.  to  10£.  among  us,  by  walk- 
ing up  Regent-street,  Bond-street,  Piccadilly,  Pall- 
mall,  Oxford-street,  the  parks — those  places  were 
the  best  beats.  All  the  squares  were  good  too. 
It  was  only  like  a  walk  out  for  air,  and  your  25s. 
a  man  for  it.  At  night  we  used  to  go  to  plays, 
dressed  like  gentlemen.  At  first  the  beaks  pro- 
tected us,  but  we  got  found  out,  and  the  beaks 
grew  rusty.  The  thing  got  so  overdone,  every 
beggar  went  out  as  a  Spanish  lurksman.  Well, 
the  beaks  got  up  to  the  dodge,  and  all  the  Spanish 
lurksmen  in  their  turns  got  to  work  the  universal 
staircase,  under  the  care  of  Lieutenant  Tracy  (Tot- 
hill-fields  treadmill).  The  men  that  had  really 
been  out  and  got  disabled  were  sent  to  that  stair- 
case at  last,  and  I  thought  I  would  try  a  fresh 
lurk.  So  I  went  under  the  care  and  tuition  of  a 
sailor.  He  had  been  a  sailor.  I  became  a  turn- 
pike sailor,  as  it 's  called,  and  went  out  as  one  of 
the  Shallow  Brigade,  wearing  a  Guernsey  shirt 
and  drawers,  or  tattered  trowsers.  There  was  a 
school  of  four.  We  only  got  a  tidy  living — 16*. 
or  11.  a  day  among  us.  We  used  to  call  every 
one  that  came  along — coalheavers  and  all — sea- 
fighting  captains.  '  Now,  my  noble  sea-fighting 
captain/  we  used  to  say,  'fire  an  odd  shot  from 
your  larboard  locker  to  us,  Nelson's  bull-dogs ; ' 
but  mind  we  never  tried  that  dodge  on  at  Green- 
wich, for  fear  of  the  old  geese,  the  Collegemen. 
The  Shallow  got  so  grannied  (known)  in  London, 
that  the  supplies  got  queer,  and  I  quitted  the  land 
navy.  Shipwrecks  got  so  common  in  the  streets, 
you  see,  that  people  didn't  care  for  them,  and 
I  dropped  getting  cast  away.  I  then  took  to 
tcreeving  (writing  on  the  stones).  I  got  my  head 
shaved,  and  a  cloth  tied  round  my  jaws,  and 
wrote  on  the  flags — 

'  Illni-ff  nnd   Want,' 

though  I  was  never  better  in  my  life,  and  always 
bad  a  good  bellyfull  before  I  started  of  a  mornim:. 
I  did  very  well  at  first:  3*.  or  4*.  a  day-  s<>in< •- 
:  «re --  till  I  ^ot  Crannied.  There  is  one 
man  who  draws  Christ's  heads  with  a  crown  of 
thorns,  and  mackerel,  on  the  pavement,  in  coloured 
chalks  (there  are  four  or  five  others  at  the  name  bu- 
siness); this  0  r,  often  makes  U.  a  day 
now  in  throe  hours ;  indeed,  I  have  known  him 
come  home  with  21*.,  besides  what  he  drank  on  tin- 
way.  A  gentleman  who  met  him  in  Regent-street 
PQ  Itl.  and  a  suit  of  clothes  to  do 
Christ's  heads  with  a  crown  of  thorn*  and  ni 
on  the  wall*  -  Napoleon's  heads  best, 
but  makes  nothing  like  .-•  much  us  the  father. 
The  father  draws  cats'  heads  and  salmon  as  well 
—but  the  others  are  far  the  best  spec  1 
Often  v  ".  and  indeed  t,>iirte.-n- 
penoe,  for  a  silver  shilling,  tn  p-t  rid  of  tl 
pen.  This  man's  pitch  is  Lloyd-square,  not  far 
from  Sadler's  Wells.  I  hare  seen  him 


462 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


his  pitch  there  at  half-past  eleven,  to  catch  the 
people  come  from  the  theatre.  He  is  very  clever. 
In  wet  weather,  and  when  I  couldn't  chalk,  as 
I  couldn't  afford  to  lose  time,  I  used  to  dress  tidy 
and  very  clean  for  the  *  respectable  broken-down 
tradesman  or  reduced  gentleman'  caper.  I  wore 
a  suit  of  black,  generally,  and  a  clean  dickey,  and 
sometimes  old  black  kid  gloves,  and  I  used  to 
stand  with  a  paper  before  my  face,  as  if  ashamed — 

'  To  a  Humane  Public. 
'  I  liave  seeti  better  days. 

This  is  called  standing  pad  with  a  fakement.  It 
is  a  wet-weather  dodge,  and  isn't  so  good  as 
Bcreeving,  but  I  did  middling,  and  can't  bear 
being  idle.  After  this  I  mixed  with  the  street 
patterers  (men  who  make  speeches  in  the  streets) 
on  ike  destitute  mechanics'  lurk.  We  went  in  a 
school  of  six  at  first,  all  in  clean  aprons,  and  spoke 
every  man  in  his  turn.  It  won't  do  unless  you  're 
clean.  Each  man  wai.ted  a  particular  article  of 
dress.  One  had  no  shirt — another  no  shoes — 
another  no  hat — and  so  on.  No  two  wanted  the 
same.  We  said  : — 

•"Kind  and  benevolent  Christians !— It  is  with  feel- 
ings of  deep  regret,  and  sorrow  and  shame,  that  us  un- 
fortunate tradesmen  are  compelled  to  appear  before  you 
this  day,  to  ask  charity  from  the  hands  of  strangers. 
We  are  brought  to  it  from  want— I  may  say,  actual  star- 
vation.' (\Ve  always  had  a  good  breakfast  before  we 
startt'd,  and  some  of  us,  sir,  was  full  up  to  the  brim  of 
liquor.)  '  But  what  will  not  hunger  and  the  cries  of 
children  compel  men  to  do.'  (We  were  all  single  men.) 
4  When  we  left  our  solitary  and  humble  homes  this 
morning,  our  children  were  crying  for  food,  but  if  a 
farthing  would  have  saved  their  lives,  we  hadn't  it  to 
give  them.  I  assure  you,  kind  friends,  me,  my  wife, 
and  three  children,  would  have  been  houseless  wanderers 
all  last  night,  but  I  sold  the  shirt  from  off  my  back  as 
yon  may  see  (opening  my  jacket)  to  pay  for  a  lodging. 
We  are,  kind  friends,  English  mechanics.  It  is  nard 
that  you  wont  give  your  own  countrymen  a  penny, 
when  you  give  so  much  to  foreign  hurdy-gurdies  and 
organ-grinders.  Owing  to  the  introduction  of  steam  and 
machinery  and  foreign  manufactures  we  have  been 
brought  to  this  degraded  state.  Fellow  countrymen, 
there  are  at  this  moment  4000  men  like  ourselves,  able 
and  willing  to  work,  but  can't  get  it,  and  forced  to  wan- 
der the  streets.  I  hope  and  trust  some  humane  Christian 
within  the  sound  of  my  voice  will  stretch  out  a  hand 
with  a  small  trifle  for  us,  be  it  ever  so  small,  or  a  bit  of 
dry  bread  or  cold  potato,  or  anything  turned  from  your 
table,  H  would  be  of  the  greatest  benefit  to  us  and  our 
poor  chikiren.'  (Then  we  would  whisper  to  one  ano- 
ther, '  I  hope  they  won't  bring  out  any  scran— only  cop- 
pers.') '  We  have  none  of  us  tasted  food  this  blessed 
day.  We  have  been  told  to  go  to  our  parishes,  but  that 
we  cannot  brook ;  to  be  torn  from  our  wives  and  families 
is  heart-rending  to  think  of— may  God  save  us  all  from 
the  Bastile!'  (We  always  pattered  hard  at  the  over- 
seers). 

The  next  of  the  school  that  spoke  would  change 
the  story  somehow,  and  try  to  make  it  more  heart- 
rending still.  We  did  well  at  first,  making  about 
65.  a  day  each,  working  four  hours,  two  in  the 
morning  and  two  in  the  afternoon.  We  got  a 
good  deal  of  clothing  too.  The  man  who  went 
without  a  shirt  never  went  to  a  door  to  ask  for 
one ;  he  had  to  show  himself  in  the  middle  of  the 
road.  The  man  that  did  go  to  the  door  would 
say,  '  Do  bestow  a  shirt  on  my  poor  shopmate, 
who  hasn't  had  one  for  some  days.'  It 's  been 
said  of  me,  when  I  had  my  shirt  tied  round  my 
waist  all  the  time  out  of  sight.  The  man  who 
goes  without  his  shirt  has  his  pick  of  those  given ; 
the  rett  are  sold  and  shared.  Whatever  trade  we 


represented  we  always  had  one  or  two  really  a 
the  trade  in  the  school.  These  were  always  to  U 
met  at  the  lodging-houses.  They  were  out  oi 
work,  and  had  to  go  to  low  lodging-houses  to 
sleep.  There  they  met  with  beggars  who  kiddied 
them  on  to  the  lurk.  The  lodging-houses  is  good 
schools  for  that  sort  of  thing,  and  when  a  me- 
chanic once  gets  out  on  the  lurk  he  never  cares  to 
go  to  work  again.  I  never  knew  one  return.  I 
have  been  out  oft  and  oft  with  weavers  with  a 
loom,  and  have  woven  a  piece  of  ribbon  in  a  gen- 
tleman's parlour — that  was  when  we  was  Co- 
ventry ribbon  weavers.  I  have  been  a  stocking 
weaver  from  Leicester,  and  a  lacemaker  too  from 
Nottingham.  Distressed  mechanics  on  their  way 
to  London  get  initiated  into  beggar's  tricks  in  the 
low  lodging-houses  and  the  unions.  This  is  the 
way,  you  see,  sir.  A  school  may  be  at  work 
from  the  lodging-house  where  the  mechanic  goes 
to,  and  some  of  the  school  finds  out  what  he  is, 
and  says,  '  Come  and  work  with  us  in  a  school 
you  '11  do  better  than  you  can  at  your  business, 
and  you  can  answer  any  questions ;  we  '11  lurk  on 
your  trade.'  I  have  been  out  with  a  woman  and 
children.  It's  been  said  in  the  papers  tha. 
children  can  be  hired  for  that  lurk  at  4d.  or  6d. 
a  day — that 's  all  fudge,  all  stuff,  every  Lit  of  it 
— there  's  no  children  to  be  hired.  There's  many 
a  labouring  man  out  of  work,  who  has  a  wife  and 
three  or  more  children,  who  is  glad  to  let  them  go 
out  with  any  patterer  he  knows.  The  woman  ia 
entitled  to  all  the  clothes  and  grub  given,  and  her 
share  of  the  tin — that 's  the  way  it 's  done ;  and 
she's  treated  to  a  drink  after  her  day's  work, 
into  the  bargain.  I  've  been  out  on  the  respectable 
family  man  lurk.  I  was  out  with  a  woman  and 
three  kids  the  other  day ;  her  husband  was  on  the 
pad  in  the  country,  as  London  was  too  hot  to 
hold  him.  The  kids  draws,  the  younger  the  better, 
for  if  you  vex  them,  and  they  're  oldish,  they  '11 
blow  you.  Liverpool  Joe's  boy  did  so  at  Bury  St. 
Edmund's  to  a  patterer  that  he  was  out  with,  and 
who  spoke  cross  to  him.  The  lad  shouted  out  so 
as  the  people  about  might  hear,  '  Don't  you  jaw 
me,  you're  not  my  father;  my  father's  at  home 
playing  cards.'  They  had  to  crack  the  pitch  (dis- 
continue) through  that.  The  respectable  family 
dodge  did  pretty  well.  I  've  been  on  the  clean 
family  lurk  too,  with  a  woman  and  children. 
We  dressed  to  give  the  notion  that,  however 
humble,  at  least  we  were  clean  in  all  our 
poverty.  On  this  lurk  we  stand  by  the  side 
of  the  pavement  in  silence,  the  wife  in  a  per- 
ticler  clean  cap,  and  a  milk-white  apron.  The 
kids  have  long  clean  pinafores,  white  as  the 
driven  snow;  they're  only  used  in  clean  lurk, 
and  taken  off  directly  they  come  home.  The 
husband  and  father  is  in  a  white  flannel  jacket, 
an  apron  worn  and  clean,  and  polished  shoes.  To 
succeed  in  this  caper  there  must  be  no  rags,  but 
plenty  of  darns.  A  pack  of  pawn-tickets  ia  car- 
ried in  the  waistcoat  pocket  (One  man  that  I 
know  stuck  them  in  his  hat  like  a  carman's.) 
That's  to  show  that  they've  parted  with  their 
little  all  before  they  came  to  that.  They  are  real 
pawn-tickets.  I  have  known  a  man  oay  2*.  W. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


4C3 


).  30. 


2H 


LONDO&  LABOUR  AND  TIIR  LONDON  POOR. 


4<;r, 


for  the  loan  oF  a  marriage  certificate  to  go  out 
jn  the  clean  lurk.  If  a  question  is  asked,  I  say 
— 'We've  parted  with  everything,  and  can  get 
no  employment;  to  be  sure,  we  have  had  a  loaf 
from  the  parish,  but  what's  that  among  my 
family?'  That  takea  the  start  out  of  the  people, 
because  they  say,  why  not  go  to  the  parish]  Some 
persons  say,  '  Oh,  poor  folks,  they  're  brought  to 
this,  and  how  clean  they  are — a  darn  is  better 
than  a  patch  any  time.'  The  clean  lurk  is  a  bare 
living  now — it  was  good — lots  of  togs  came  in, 
and  often  the  whole  family  were  taken  into  a  house 
and  supplied  with  flannel  enough  to  make  under 
clothing  for  them  all  ;  all  this  was  pledged  soon 
afterwards,  and  the  tickets  shown  to  prove  what 
was  parted  with,  through  want.  Those  are  some 
of  the  leading  lurks.  There's  others.  'Fits,' are 
now  bad,  and  'paralytics'  are  no  better.  The 
lurk  seems  getting  up  though.  I  don't 
mean  the  selling,  but  the  dropping  them  in  the 
•treet  as  if  by  accident.  It's  a  great  thing  with 
the  children  ;  but  no  go  with  the  old 'uns.  I'll 
tell  you  of  another  lurk  :  a  woman  I  knows  sends 
oat  her  child  with  ^  oz.  of  tea  and  half  a  quarter 
of  sugar,  and  the  child  sits  on  a  door  step  crying, 
and  saying,  if  questioned,  that  she  was  sent 
out  for  tea  and  sugar,  and  a  boy  snatched  the 
from  her,  and  threw  the  tea  and  sugar  in 
the  gutter.  The  mother  is  there,  like  a  stranger, 
and  says  to  the  child  : — '  And  was  that  your  poor 
mother's  last  shilling,  and  daren't  you  go  home, 
poor  thing  T  Then  there  is  a  gathering — some- 
i  Sd.  in  a  morning  ;  but  it's  almost  getting 
•tale,  that  is.  I've  done  the  shivering  dodge  too 
•  out  in  the  cold  weather  half  naked.  One 
19  practised  it  so  much  that  he  can't  get  off 
ng  now.  Shaking  Jemmy  went  on  with 
his  shivering  so  h>ng  that  he  couldn't  help  it  at 
last.  He  shivered  like  a  jelly— like  a  calfg  foot 
with  the  ague — on  the  hottest  day  in  summer. 
It's  a  good  dodge  in  tidy  inclement  seasons.  It's 
Dot  to  good  a  lurk,  by  two  bob  a  day,  as  it  once 
was.  This  is  a  single-handed  job  ;  for  if  one  man 
•toners  less  than  another  he  shows  that  it  isn't 
so  cold  as  the  good  shiverer  makes  it  out — then 
1  •;«  maimed  beggars,  some  are 
really  deserving  objects,  as  without  begging  they 
nust  starve  to  death  ;  that's  a  fact,  sir.  Wlint'* 
a  labouring  man  to  do  if  he's  lost  any  of  bis  limbs'? 
But  some  of  these  even  are  impostors.  I  know 
:  men  who  have  pensions  ;  :u>  I  I 
know  two  who  have  not  only  pensions,  but  k«-« -p 
lodging-houses,  and  are  worth  money,  and  still  go 

\  a  begging — th 

man   with  the  very  bitr  leg,  who  sits 

the  pavement,  and  tells  a  long  yarn  al*»ut  tin- 
carriage  having  gone  over  him  in  the  mine. 
does  very  well  -  r«-m  -irkable   well.      He  goes 

ing  and  billy-)  •.«•  country  (t 

Tiies  only  to 


i  he  has  that  sort  of  thing  to  dispose 
ore's  Paddy  in  the  truck  too;  he  make*  a 
ing,  and  sends  money  home  t 
I  a  decrepit  old  mother,  and  it's  to  his  credit. 
nku.      There's  Jerry,  the  collier,  he 
lost  both  arms,  and  does  a*  tidy  living,  a*d 


deserves  it ;  it's  a  bad  misfortune.  There 's  Jack 
Tiptoe,  he  can't  put  one  heel  to  the  ground — no 
gammon  ;  but  Mr.  Horsford  and  he  can't  agree, 
so  Jack  takes  to  the  provinces  now.  He  did  very 
well  indeed  here.  There  used  to  be  a  society 
among  us  called  Vie  Cadger*  £'//-//:  if  one  got  into 
a  prison  there  was  a  gathering  for  him  when  he 
came  out,  and  6s.  a  week  for  a  sick  member,  and 
when  he  got  out  again  two  collections  for  him,  the 
two  amounting  perhaps  to  II.  We  paid  3d.  a 
week  each — no  women  were  members — for  thirteen 
weeks,  and  then  shared  what  was  in  hand,  and 
began  for  the  next  thirteen,  receiving  new  members 
and  transacting  the  usual  business  of  a  club.  This 
has  been  discontinued  these  five  years  ;  the  land- 
lord cut  away  with  the  funds.  We  get  up  raffles, 
and  help  one  another  in  the  best  way  we  can  now. 
At  one  time  we  had  forty-five  members,  besides 
the  secretary,  the  conductor,  and  nnder-conductor. 
The  rules  were  read  over  on  meeting  nights — every 
Wednesday  evening.  They  were  very  strict ;  no 
swearing,  obscene  or  profane  language  was  per- 
mitted. For  the  first  offence  a  fine  of  Id.  was 
inflicted,  for  the  second  2(/.,  and  for  the  third  the 
offender  was  ejected  the  room.  There  wa- 
good  order,  and  few  fines  had  to  be  inflicted. 
Several  respectable  tradesmen  used  to  pay  a  trifle 
to  be  admitted,  out  of  curiosity,  to  see  the  pro- 
ceedings, and  used  to  be  surprised  ;tt  their  regu- 
larity. Among  the  other  rules  were  these  :  a  fine 
of  Id.  for  any  member  refusing  to  sing  when  called 
on  ;  visitors  the  same.  All  the  fines  went  to  the 
fund.  If  a  member  didn't  pay  for  five  meeting 
nights  he  was  scratched.  Very  few  were  scratched. 
The  secretary  was  a  windmill  cove  (sold  children's 
windmills  in  the  streets),  and  was  excused  con- 
tributing to  the  funds.  He  had  Id.  from  each 
member  every  sharing  night,  once  a  quarter,  for 
his  labour  ;  he  was  a  very  good  scholar,  and  had 
been  brought  up  well.  The  landlord  generally 
gave  a  bob  on  a  sharing  night.  The  conductor 
d  the  room,  and  the  under-conductor  kept 
the  door,  not  admitting  those  who  had  no  right  to 
be  there,  and  putting  out  those  who  behaved  im 
properly.  It  was  held  in  the  Coaehmaker*'  Arms>, 
Rose-street,  I  >  t  ;  tip  top  swells  used 

to  come  among  us,  and  no  mist-ike  ;  real  noble- 
men,  sir.     One   was   the   nephew  of  tin-    l>uk.- 

of ,  and  was  well-known  to  all  of  us  by  the 

nick -name,  Facer. 

I  ;  •  smoke  a  very  short   and  very  black 

UM]  the  honourable  .itched 

it    from    my  immih.  and 

cigars  for  it.     My  face  has  been  washed  in  tin- 

gin    I'.'-  :.-  me  drunk, 

ami    I    f-  It  as  if  it  was  vitriol  about  m\ 

The  beggars  are  now  dispersed  and   broken  'up. 

now  only  in  twos  and  threes 

ney  to  spend  ;  they 

t  it     Upon  an  average.  days  a 

cadger  could  make  hi*  :  guineas  per 

week  without  working  overtime ;  but  now  he  can 
hardly  not  even  at  the  present  • 

•Mh       TH-    .M-n.linty   S...  iei\    has    rnine.l    im    - 
them  men  took  me  and  gave  me  a  month,  and  I 


4G6 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


can  say  from  my  conscience,  that  I  was  no  more 
guilty  of  begging  at  that  time  than  an  unborn 
baby.  The  beggars  generally  live  in  the  low 
lodging-houses,  and  there  of  a  night  they  tell  their 
tales  of  the  day,  and  inform  each  other  of  the 
good  and  bad  places  throughout  London,  and  what 
'  lurks  '  do  the  best.  They  will  also  say  what 
beats  they  intend  to  take  the  next  da}',  so  that 
those  who  are  on  the  same  lurk  may  not  go  over 
the  same  ground  as  their  pals.  It  is  no  use  tell- 
ing a  lie,  but  the  low  lodging-houses  throughout 
London  and  the  country  are  nests  tor  beggars  and 
thieves.  I  know  some  houses  that  are  wholly 
supported  by  beggars.  In  almost  every  one  of  the 
padding  kens,  or  low  lodging-houses  in  the  country, 
there  is  a  list  of  walks  written  on  a  piece  of  paper, 
and  pasted  up  over  the  kitchen  mantel-piece.  Now 
at  St.  Alban's,  for  instance,  at  the  —  — ,  and  at 
other  places,  there  is  a  paper  stuck  up  in  each  of 
the  kitchens.  This  paper  is  headed  '  WALKS  OUT 
OF  THIS  TOWN/  and  underneath  it  is  set  down  the 
names  of  the  villages  in  the  neighbourhood  at 
which  a  beggar  may  call  when  out  on  his  walk, 
and  they  are  so  arranged  as  to  allow  the  cadger  to 
make  a  round  of  about  six  miles,  each  day,  and 
return  the  same  night  In  many  of  those  papers 
there  are  sometimes  twenty  walks  set  down.  No 
villages  that  are  in  any  way  '  gammy  '  are  ever 
mentioned  in  these  papers,  and  the  cadger,  if  he 
feels  inclined  to  stop  for  a  few  days  in  the  town, 
will  be  told  by  the  lodging-house  keeper,  or  the 
other  cadgers  that  he  may  meet  there,  what  gen- 
tleman's seats  or  private  houses  are  of  any  account 
on  the  walk  that  he  means  to  take.  The  names 
nt  the  good  houses  are  not  set  down  in  the  paper, 
for  tear  of  the  police.  Most  of  the  lodging-house 
keepers  buy  the  '  scran '  (broken  victuals)  of  the 
cadgers ;  the  good  food  they  either  eat  themselves 
or  sell  to  the  other  travellers,  and  the  bad  they 
sell  to  parties  to  feed  their  dogs  or  pigs  upon. 
The  cadgers'  talk  is  quite  different  now  to  what 
it  was  in  the  days  of  Billy.  You  see  the  flats 
got  awake  to  it,  so  in  course  we  had  to  alter  the 
patter.  The  new  style  of  cadgers'  cant  is  nothing 
like  the  thieves'  cant,  and  is  done  all  on  the 
rhyming  principle.  This  way  's  the  caper.  Sup- 
pose I  want  to  ask  a  pal  to  come  and  have  a  glass 
of  rum  and  smoke  a  pipe  of  tobacco,  and  have  a 
game  at  cards  with  some  Holes  at  home  with  me,  I 
should  say,  if  there  were  any  flats  present, 
'  Splodger,  will  you  have  a  Jack-surpass  of  finger- 
andi-t/iumb,  and  blow  your  yard  of  tripe  of  nosey 
me  knacker,  and  have  a  touch  of  the  broads  with 
me  and  the  other  heaps  of  coke  at  my  drum.  [In 
this  it  will  be  observed  that  every  one  of  the 
'cant  words  rhymes  with  the  words  ordinarily 
used  to  express  the  same  idea.]  I  can  assure  you 
what  little  we  cadgers  do  get  we  earn  uncommon 
hard.  Why,  from  standing  shaking — that  is, 
being  out  nearly  naked  in  the  hardest  frosts — I 
lost  the  use  of  my  left  side  for  nearly  three  years, 
and  wasn't  able  to  stir  outside  the  door.  I  got 
my  living  by  card-playing  in  the  low  lodging- 
house*  all  that  time.  I  worked  the  oracle — they 
were  not  up  to  it.  I  put  the  first  and  seconds  on 
•cd  the  bridge  also.  I  'd  play  at  cards  with  any 


one.  You  see,  sir,  I  was  afeard  ti>  come  to  you  at 
first  because  I  had  been  '  a  starving '  on  the  pave- 
ment only  a  few  days  ago,  not  a  hundred  yards 
from  your  very  door,  and  I  thought  you  might 
know  me." 

MEETING  OP  THIEVES. 

As  a  further  proof,  however,  of  the  demoralizing 
influences  of  the  low  lodging-houses,  1  will  now 
conclude  my  investigations  into  the  subject  with  a 
report  of  the  meeting  of  vagrants,  which  I  con- 
vened for  the  express  purpose  of  consulting  them 
generally  upon  several  points  which  had  come 
under  my  notice  in  the  course  of  my  inquiries. 
The  Chronicle  reporter's  account  of  this  meeting 
was  as  follows  : — 

A  meeting  of  an  unprecedented  character  was 
held  at  the  British  Union  School-room,  fchak- 
speare-walk,  Shadwell,  on  Monday  evening  last. 
The  use  of  the  school-room  was  kindly  granted  by 
Mr.  Fletcher,  the  proprietor,  to  whose  liberality 
we  stand  indebted  for  many  similar  favours.  It 
was  convened  by  our  Metropolitan  Correspondent, 
for  the  purpose  of  assembling  together  some  of  the 
lowest  class  of  male  juvenile  thieves  and  vaga- 
bonds who  infest  the  metropolis  and  the  country 
at  large ;  and  although  privately  called,  at  only 
two  days'  notice,  by  the  distribution  of  tickets  of 
admission  among  the  class  in  question  at  the 
various  haunts  and  dens  of  infamy  to  which  they 
resort,  no  fewer  than  150  of  them  attended  on  the 
occasion.  The  only  condition  to  entitle  the  parties 
to  admission  was  that  they  should  be  vagrants, 
and  under  twenty  years  of  age.  They  had  all 
assembled  some  time  before  the  hour  for  com- 
mencing the  proceedings  arrived,  and  never  was 
witnessed  a  more  distressing  spectacle  of  squalor, 
rags,  and  wretchedness.  Some  were  young  men, 
and  some  mere  children ;  one,  who  styled  himself 
a  "  cadger,"  was  six  years  of  age,  and  several  who 
confessed  themselves  "  prigs  "  were  only  ten.  The 
countenances  of  the  boys  were  of  various  charac- 
ters. Many  were  not  only  good-looking,  but  had 
a  frank,  ingenuous  expression  that  seemed  in  no 
way  connected  with  innate  roguery.  Many,  on 
the  other  hand,  had  the  deep-gunk  and  half-averted 
eye  which  are  so  characteristic  of  natural  dis- 
honesty and  cunning.  Some  had  the  regular 
features  of  lads  bom  of  parents  in  easy  circum- 
stances. The  hair  of  most  of  the  lads  was  cut 
very  close  to  the  head,  showing  their  recent  libera- 
tion from  prison  ;  indeed,  one  might  tell  by  the 
comparative  length  of  the  crop,  the  time  that  each 
boy  had  been  out  of  gaol.  All  but  a  few  of  the 
elder  boys  were  remarkable,  amidst  the  rags,  filth, 
and  wretchedness  of  their  external  appearance, 
for  the  mirth  and  carelessness  impressed  upon 
their  countenances.  At  first  their  behaviour  was 
very  noisy  and  disorderly :  coarse  and  ribald  jokes 
were  freely  cracked,  exciting  general  bursts  of 
laughter;  while  howls,  cat-calls,  and  all  manner 
of  unearthly  and  indescribable  yells  threatened  f.»r 
some  time  to  render  the  object  of  the  meeting 
utterly  abortive.  At  one  moment  a  lad  would 
imitate  the  bray  of  a  jack-ass,  and  immediately  the 
whole  hundred  and  fifty  would  Ml  to  braying 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


467 


Then  some  ragged  urchin  would  crow  like  a  cock, 
whereupon  the  place  would  echo  again  vith  a 
nundred  and  fifty  cock-crows.  Then,  as  a  black 
boy  entered  the  room,  one  of  the  young  vagabonds 
would  shout  out  "  swe-ee-op."  This  would  be 
received  with  peals  of  laughter,  and  followed  by  a 
general  repetition  of  the  same  cry.  Next,  a  hun- 
dred and  fifty  cat-calls  of  the  shrillest  possible 
description  would  almost  split  the  ears.  These 
would  be  succeeded  by  cries  of  "  Strike  up,  you 
catgut  scrapers,"  "  Go  on  with  your  barrow," 
"  Flare  up,  my  never-sweats,"  and  a  variety  of 
other  street  sayings.  Indeed,  the  uproar  which 
went  on  before  the  meeting  began  will  be  best 
understood  if  we  compare  it  to  the  scene  presented 
by  a  public  menagerie  at  feeling  time.  The 
greatest  difficulty,  as  might  be  expected,  was  ex- 
perienced in  collecting  the  subjoined  statistics  of 
their  character  and  condition.  By  a  well-contrived 
and  persevering  mode  of  inquiry,  however,  the 
following  facts  were  elicited: — 

With   respect  to  their  ages,  the  youngest  boy 

present  was  6   years  old.     He   styled   himself  a 

"cadger,"  and    said   that   his   mother,  who   is  a 

.   and   suffering  from   ill-heahh,  sends  him 

into  the  streets  to  beg.     There  were  seven  of  10 

f  age,  three  of  12,  three  of  13,  ten  of  14, 

t*-n  of  15,  eleven  of  16,  twenty  of  17,  twenty-six 

of  IS.  and  forty-five  of  19. 

Nineteen  had  fathers  and  mothers  still  living  : 
thirty-nine  had  only  one  parent,  and  eighty  were 
orphans  in  the  fullest  sense  of  the  word,  having 
neither  father  nor  mother  alive. 

Of  professed  beggars  there  were  fifty,  and  sixty- 
fix  who  acknowledged  themselves  to  be  / 
thieves.     The  announcement  that  the  greater  num- 
ber present  were  thieves  pleased  them  exceedingly, 
and  was  received  with  three  rounds  of  applause. 

Twelve  of  the  youths  assembled  had  been  in 
prison  once  (two  of  these  were  but  10  years  of 
age) ;  5  had  been  in  prison  twice  ;  3,  thrice ;  4  four 
7,  five  times;  8,  six  times  ;  5.  seven  times; 
4,  eight  times ;  2,  nine  times  (1  of  them  13  years 
of  age) ;    5,  ten  times ;    5,  twelve  times  ;    2,  thir- 
teen times  ;   3,  fourteen  times  ;    2,  sixteen  times  ; 
8,  seventeen  times ;  2,  eighteen  times ;  5,  twenty 
times  ;  6,  twenty-four  times  ;  1,  twenty-five  times  ; 
•ity-six  tirm's  :    and   1,  twenty-nine  times. 
The  announcements  in  reply  to  the  questions  as 
to  the  number  of  times  that  any  of  them  had  been 
-  'n  were  received  with  great  applause,  which 
became  more  and  more  boisterous  as  the  number 
of  imprisonment*  increased.       When    it  was  an- 
BoaDced  that  one,  though  only  19  years  of  age, 
bad  been  in  prison  ai  many  as  twenty  nine  tiroes, 
the  clapping  of  hands,  the  cat-calls,  and  shouts  of 
Listed   for  several  minutes,   and  tin- 
whole  of  the.  lioya  ro<w»  to  look  nt  tip-  dixtingttitbtd 
S<»me  chalked  on  their  haU  the  figures 
which  denignated  the  cum  of  the  several  times  that 
Lraol. 

As  to  the  caw*  of  Oitir  vagabondism,  it  was 

i   run    awn\  home*. 

owing  to    t;  •   their  parents;  18 

-d    to   having   born    ruined    through    their 

parent*  allowing  then  to  run  wild  ia  the  streets, 


and  to  be  led  astray  by  bad  companions ;  and  15 
acknowledged  that  they  had  been  first  taught 
thieving  in  a  lodging-house. 

Concerning  the  vagrant  habits  of  the  youths, 
the  following  facts  were  elicited :  78  regularly 
roam  through  the  country  every  year,  65  sleep 
regularly  in  the  casual  wards  of  the  unions,  and 
52  occasionally  slept  in  tramper's  lodging-houses 
throughout  the  country. 

Respecting  their  education,  according  to  the 
popular  meaning  of  the  term,  63  of  the  150  were 
able  to  read  and  write,  and  they  were  principally 
thieves.  Fifty  of  this  number  said  they  had 
read  "  Jack  Sheppard,"  and  the  lives  of  Dick 
Turpin,  Claude  du  Val,  and  all  the  other  popular 
thieves'  novels,  as  well  as  the  "  Newgate  Calendar" 
and  "  Lives  of  the  Robbers  and  Pirates."  Those 
who  could  not  read  themselves,  said  they  'd  had 
"Jack  Sheppard"  read  to  them  at  the  lodging- 
houses.  Numbers  avowed  that  they  had  been 
induced  to  resort  to  an  abandoned  course  of  life 
from  reading  the  lives  of  notorious  thieves,  and 
novels  about  highway  robbers.  When  asked 
what  they  thought  of  "  Jack  Sheppard,"  several 
bawled  out  "  He's  a  regular  brick" — a  sentiment 
which  was  almost  universally  concurred  in  by  the 
deafening  shouts  and  plaudits  which  followed. 
When  asked  whether  they  would  like  to  be  Jack 
Sheppards,  they  answered,  "  Yes,  if  the  times 
was  the  same  now  as  they  were  then."  Thirteen 
confessed  that  they  had  taken  to  thieving  in  order 
to  go  to  the  low  theatres  ;  and  one  lad  said  he  had 
lost  a  good  situation  on  the  Birmingham  Railway 
through  his  love  of  the  play. 

Twenty  stated  they  had  been  flogged  in  prison 
— many  of  them  two,  three,  and  four  different 
times.  A  policeman  in  plain  clothes  was  present ; 
but  their  acute  eyes  were  not  long  before  they 
1  his  real  character  notwithstanding  his 
disguise.  Several  demanded  that  he  should  be 
turned  out.  The  officer  was  accordingly  given  to 
understand  that  the  meeting  was  a  private  one, 
and  requested  to  withdraw.  Having  apologised 
for  intruding,  he  proceeded  to  leave  the  room — 
and,  no  sooner  did  the  boys  see  the  policeman 
move  towards  the  door,  than  they  gave  vent  to 
several  rounds  of  very  hearty  applause,  accom- 
panied with  hisses,  groans,  and  cries  of  "  throw 
him  (iv 

The  process  of  interrogating  them  in  the  mass 
having  been   concluded,  the  next  step  was  to  call 
j-evenil    of  them    separately    to   the    platform,    to 
narrate,  in   their  peculiar  style  and   phra-. 
the  history  of  their  own  career,  together  with  the 
causes  which  had  led    them  to   take  up  a   life  of 
dishonesty.     The   novelty    of    their   position    as 
speech-makers  seemed  peculiarly  exciting  to  the 
speakers  themselves,  and  provoked  much   merri- 
ment and  interest  amongut  the  lads.     Their  antics 
and    buffoonery    in    commencing   their   addresses 
were  certainly  of  tin-   • 
The  first  speaker,  a  lad  17  years  of  age,  a*< 
the  platform,  dressed  in  a  torn  "  wide  a  I 
hat,  and  a  dirty  smock-frock.     ! 
tlemen  [immense  applause  am'  I  am  A 

lad  [langht.  .-,.  been 


1GB 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TIJE  LONDON  POOR. 


dead  three  years,  and  my  mother  seven.  When 
my  father  died  I  had  to  go  and  live  along  with  my 
aunt.  I  fell  out  of  employment,  and  went  round 
about  the  town,  and  fell  into  the  company  of  a  lot 
of  chaps,  and  went  picking  ladies'  pockets.  Then 
I  was  in  prison  once  or  twice,  and  I  came  to 
London,  and  have  been  in  several  prisons  here.  I 
have  been  in  London  three  years ;  but  I  have 
been  out  of  it  several  times  in  that  time.  I  can't 
get  anything  honest  to  do  ;  and  I  wish  I  could  get 
something  at  sea,  or  in  any  foreign  land.  I  don't 
care  what  or  where  it  is  [cheers  and  yells]. 

Another  lad  about  16,  clad  in  a  ragged  coat, 
with  a  dirty  face  and  matted  hair,  next  came 
forward  and  said — My  father  was  a  soldier,  and 
when  I  growed  up  to  about  ten  years  I  joined  the 
regiment  as  a  drummer  in  the  Grenadier  Guards. 
I  went  on  and  got  myself  into  trouble,  till  at  last 
I  got  turned  away,  and  my  father  left  the  regi- 
ment. I  then  went  out  with  some  more  chaps 
and  went  thieving,  and  have  been  thieving  about 
two  years  now.  [Several  voices — "  Very  good  ;" 
"  that 's  beautiful ;"  "I  hope  you  do  it  well."] 

The  third  boy,  who  stated  that  he  had  been 
twenty-four  times  in  prison,  said  he  belonged  to 
Hendon,  in  Middlesex,  and  that  his  father  left  his 
mother  seventeen  years  ago,  and  he  did  not  know 
whether  he  was  dead  or  alive.  He  went  to  Christ- 
church  school  for  some  time,  but  afterwards  picked 
up  with  bad  companions,  and  went  a  thieving.  He 
went  to  school  again,  but  again  left  it  to  go  a 
thieving  and  cadging  with  bad  companions.  He 
had  been  doing  that  for  the  last  five  years ;  and  if 
he  could  get  out  of  it  he  would  be  very  glad  to 
leave  it  [cheers]. 

The  fourth  lad  (who  was  received  with  loud 
cheering,  evidently  indicating  that  he  was  a  well- 
known  character)  said,  he  came  from  the  city  of 
York,  and  was  a  farrier.  His  father  died  a  few 
years  ago,  and  then  he  took  to  work  ;  but  "  the 
play "  led  him  on  to  be  a  thief,  and  from  that 
time  to  the  present  he  had  done  nothing  but  beg 
or  thieve.  If  he  could  go  to  Australia  he  would 
be  very  glad ;  as  if  he  stopped  in  England  he 
feared  he  should  do  nothing  but  thieve  to  the  end 
[laughter,  with  cries  of  "well  done,"  "very  well 
spoken"]. 

The  next  speaker  was  about  18  years  of  age, 
and  appeared  a  very  sharp  intelligent  lad.  After 
making  a  very  grave  but  irresistibly  comical  pre- 
fatory bow,  by  placing  his  hand  at  the  back  of  his 
head,  and  so  (as  it  were)  forcing  it  to  give  a  nod, 
he  proceeded :  My  father  is  an  engineer's  labourer, 
and  the  first  cause  of  my  thieving  was  that  he 
kept  me  without  grub,  and  wallopped  me 
[laughter].  Well,  I  was  at  work  at  the  same 
time  that  he  was,  and  I  kept  pilfering,  and  at  last 
they  bowled  me  out  [loud  cheers].  I  got  a  show- 
ing up,  and  at  last  they  turned  me  away;  and,  not 
liking  to  go  home  to  my  father,  I  ran  away.  I 
went  to  Margate,  where  I  had  some  friends,  with 
a  shilling  in  my  pocket.  I  never  stopped  till  I 
got  to  Ramsgate,  and  I  had  no  lodging  except 
under  the  trees,  and  had  only  the  bits  of  bread  I 
codd  cick  up.  When  I  got  there  my  prand- 
fcther  took  me  in  and  kept  me  for  a  twelvemonth. 


My  mother's  brother's  wife  had  a  npile 
me,  and  tried  to  get  me  turned  away.  1  did  not 
know  what  thieving  was  then ;  and  I  used  to 
pray  that  her  heart  might  be  turned,  because  I 
did  not  know  what  would  become  of  me  if  my 
grandfather  turned  me  away.  But  she  got  other 
people  to  complain  of  me,  ana  say  I  was  a 
nuisance  to  the  town;  but  I  knowed  there  was 
no  fault  in  me;  but,  however,  my  grandfather 
said  he  could  put  up  with  me  no  longer,  and 
turned  me  away.  So  after  that  I  came  back  to 
London,  and  goes  to  the  union.  The  first  night  I 
went  there  I  got  tore  up  [cheers  and  laughter]. 
Everything  was  torn  off  my  back,  and  the  bread 
was  taken  away  from  me,  and  because  I  said  a 
word  I  got  well  wallopped  [renewed  laughter]. 
They  "small-ganged"  me;  and  afterwards  I  went 
seven  days  to  prison  because  others  tore  my 
clothes.  When  I  went  in  there — this  was  the 
first  time — a  man  said  to  me,  "  What  are  you 
here  for]"  I  said,  "  For  tearing  up."  The  man 
said  to  another,  "What  are  you  here  for?"  and 
the  other  made  answer,  "  For  a  handkerchief." 
The  man  then  said,  "  Ah,  that's  something  like;" 
and  he  said  to  me,  "Why  are  you  not  a  thief — 
you  will  only  get  to  prison  for  that."  I  said,  "  I 
will."  Well,  after  that  I  went  pilfering  small 
things,  worth  a  penny  or  twopence  at  first;  but  I 
soon  saw  better  things  were  as  easy  to  be  got  as 
them,  so  I  took  them  [laughter].  I  picked  up 
with  one  that  knowed  more  than  me.  He  fairly 
kept  me  for  some  time,  and  I  learnt  as  well  as 
him.  I  picked  him  up  in  a  London  workhouse. 
After  that  I  thought  I  would  try  my  friends 
again,  and  I  went  to  my  uncle  at  Dover,  but  he 
could  do  nothing  for  me,  so  I  got  a  place  at  a 
butcher's,  where  I  fancied  myself  fairly  blessed, 
for  I  had  Is.  a  week  and  my  board  and  washing. 
I  kept  a  twelvemonth  there  honest,  without 
thieving'.  At  last  my  master  and  I  fell  out  and  I 
left  again,  so  I  was  forced  to  come  up  to  London, 
and  there  I  found  my  old  companions  in  tht> 
Smithfield  pens — they  were  not  living  anywhere. 
I  used  to  go  to  the  workhouse  and  used  to  tear 
up  and  refuse  to  work,  and  used  to  get  sent  to 
"  quod,"  and  I  used  to  curse  the  day  when  it  was 
my  turn  to  go  out.  The  governor  of  the  prison 
used  to  say  he  hoped  he  wouldn't  see  my  face 
there  again;  but  I  used  to  answer,  "I  shall  be 
here  again  to  night,  because  it 's  the  only  placb 
I  've  got."  That 's  all  I  "ve  got  to  say. 

The  next  lad,  who  said  he  had  been  fourteen 
times  in  prison,  was  a  taller,  cleaner,  and  more 
intelligent-looking  youth  than  any  that  had  pre- 
ceded him.  After  making  a  low  affected  bow, 
over  the  railing,  to  the  company  below,  and  utter- 
ing a  preliminary  a-hem  or  two  with  the  most 
ludicrous  mock  gravity,  he  beiran  by  saying: — 
"  I  am  a  native  of  London.  My  father  is  a  poor 
labouring  man,  with  15s.  a  week — little  enough, 
I  think,  to  keep  a  home  for  four,  and  find  candle- 
light [laughter].  I  was  at  work  looking  after  a 
boiler  at  a  paper-stainer's  in  Old-street-road  at  t«. 
a  week,  when  one  night  they  bowled  me  out.  I 
got  the  sack,  and  a  bag  to  take  it  home  in 
[laughter].  I  ?ot  my  \vagi-s,  and  ran  away  front 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


469 


home,  but  hi  four  days,  being  hungry,  and  having 
no  money,  I  went  back  again.  I  got  a  towelling, 
but  it  did  not  do  me  much  good.  My  father  did 
not  like  to  turn  me  out  of  doors,  so  he  tied  me  to 
the  leg  of  the  bedstead  [laughter].  He  tied  my 
hands  and  feet  so  that  I  could  hardly  move,  but  I 
managed  somehow  to  turn  my  gob  (mouth)  round 
and  gnawed  it  away.  I  run  down  stairs  and  got 
out  at  the  back  door  and  over  a  neighbour's  wall, 
and  never  went  home  for  nine  months.  I  never 
bolted  wfth  anything.  I  never  took  anything  that 
was  too  hot  for  me.  The  captain  of  a  man-of-war 
about  this  time  took  me  into  his  service,  where  I 
remained  five  weeks  till  I  took  a  fever,  and  was 
obliged  to  go  to  the  hospital.  When  I  recovered, 
the  captain  was  gone  to  Africa;  and  not  liking  to 
go  home,  I  stepped  away,  and  have  been  from 
home  ever  since.  I  was  in  Brummagem,  and  was 
•even  days  in  the  new  'stir'  (prison),  and  nearly 
broke  my  neck.  When  I  came  out,  I  fell  into 
bad  company,  and  went  cadging,  and  have  been 
cadging  ever  since;  but  if  I  could  leave  off,  and 
go  to  the  Isle  of  Dogs,  the  Isle  of  Man,  or  the 
Isle  of  Woman  [laughter],  or  any  other  foreign 
place,  I  would  embrace  the  opportunity  as  soon  as 
I  could.  And  if  so  be  that  any  gentleman  would 
take  me  in  hand,  and  send  me  out,  I  would  be 
very  thankful  to  him,  indeed.  And  so  good 
night"  [cheers]. 

A  dirty  little  boy,  fourteen  years  of  ajje,  dressed 
ir  a  big  jacket,  next  stood  forward.  He  said  his 
lather  was  a  man-of-war's  man,  and  when  he  came 
home  from  sea  once  his  father,  his  mother,  and  all 
of  them  got  drunk.  The  lad  then  stole  4d.  from 
his  father's  pocket.  After  this,  when  he  was  sent 
for  sixpenny  rum  he  used  to  fetch  fourpenny,  and 
for  fourpenny  gin  threepenny;  and  for  font-penny 

>•  used  to  fetch  threepenny,  and  keep  the 
ce  to  himself.  His  mother  used  to  sell 
fruit,  and  when  she  left  him  at  the  stall  he  used 
to  eat  what  he  could  not  sell,  and  used  to  sell 
some  to  get  marbles  and  buttons.  Once  he  stole 
n  loaf  from  a  baker's  shop.  The  man  let  him  off, 
but  his  father  beat  him  for  it.  The  beating  did 

•  good.     After  that  he  used  to  go  "  smug- 

tuiining  away  with]  other  people's  things, 

tie  day  his  father  caught  him,  ami  tied   his 

leg  to  the  bedstead,  and  left  him  there  till  he  was 

Cuear  dead.     He  ran  away  afterwards,  and 
been  thieving  ever  since. 

A  lad  alxn.  is  here  about  to  volunteer 

•   •tatement   concerning    the    lodging-houses,    by 
which    he  declared   he  had  been   l/nuujht   t  >   hi* 
nt  he  was  instantly  assailed  with  cries  of 
down  !"  "  hold  your  t  i   these 

ic  to  general,  and   were  in   >•»  menacing  a 

it  he  said  he  was  afraid  to  make  a; 
tloBurei,  because  he  believed  if  he  did  to  he.  would 
bare   perhaps  two  or   t  of  the  other 

chap*  on  to  him  [great  confusion]. 

MR.  MATIIKW  :  Will  it  hurt  any  of  you  ; 

i  says  anything  against  the  lodging  house*  [yrs, 

M]l     How  will  it  do  sol 

t  allow  stolen  property 
come  into  them  if  it  is  told. 
MR.  MATIIEW  :   But  would  you  not  all  gladly 


quit  your  present  course  of  life  [yes,  yes,  yes]  t 
Then  why  not  have  the  lodging-house  system,  the 
principal  cause  of  all  your  misery,  exposed  1 

A  Voice :  If  they  shut  up  the  lodging  houses, 
where  are  we  to  go  ]  If  a  poor  boy  get*  to  the 
workhouse  he  catches  a  fever,  and  is  starved  into 
the  bargain. 

MR.  MAYHEW  : — Are  not  you  all  tired  of  the 
lives  you  now  lead  ?  [Vociferous  cries  of  "  yes,  yes, 
we  wish  to  better  ourselves  ! "  from  all  parts  of  the 
room.]  However  much  you  dread  the  exposure 
of  the  lodging-houses,  you  know,  my  lads,  as  well 
as  I  do,  that  it  is  in  them  you  meet  your  com- 
panions, and  ruin,  if  not  begun  there,  is  at  least 
completed  in  such  places.  If  a  boy  runs  away 
from  home  he  is  encouraged  there  and  kept  se- 
creted from  his  parents.  And  do  not  the  parties 
who  keep  these  places  grow  rich  on  your  degrada- 
tion and  yonr  peril  1  [Loud  cries  of  •'  yes,  yes  ! "] 
Then  why  don't  you  all  come  forward  now,  and, 
by  exposing  them  to  the  public,  who  know  nothing 
of  the  iniquities  and  vice  practised  in  such  places, 
put  an  end  to  these  dens  at  once  1  There  is  not 
one  of  you  here — not  one,  at  least,  of  the  elder 
boys,  who  has  found  out  the  mistake  of  his  present 
life,  who  would  not,  I  verily  believe,  become 
honest,  and  earn  his  living  by  his  industry,  if  he 
could.  You  might  have  thought  a  roving  life  a 
pleasant  thing  enough  at  first,  but  you  now  know 
that  a  vagabond's  life  is  full  of  suffering,  care, 
peril,  and  privation  ;  you  are  not  so  happy  as  you 
thought  you  would  be,  and  are  tired  and  disgusted 
with  your  present  course.  This  is  what  I  he.ir 
from  you  all.  Am  I  not  stating  the  fact  I  [Re- 
newed cries  of  "  yes,  yes,  yes  ! "  and  a  voice  : 
"  The  fact  of  it  is,  sir,  we  don't  see  our  folly  till  it 
is  too  late."]  Now  I  and  many  hundreds  and 
thousands  really  wish  you  well,  and  would  gladly 
do  anything  we  could  to  get  you  to  earn  an  honest 
living.  All,  or  nearly  all,  your  misery,  I  know, 

is  from  the  low  lodging-houses  ["yes,  yes,  it 
does,  master  !  it  does"];  and  I  am  determined, 
with  your  help,  to  effect  their  utter  destruction. 
[A  voice,  "  I  am  glad  of  it,  sir — you  are  quite 
right ;  and  I  pray  God  to  assist  you."] 

The  elder  boys  were  then  asked  what  they 
thought  would  be  the  best  mode  of  effecting  their 
deli \erance  from  their  present  degraded  portion. 
Some  thought  emigration  the  be>t  means,  for  if 
they  started  afresh  in  a  new  colony,  they  said 
they  would  leave  behind  them  their  bad  charac- 
ters, which  closed  every  av.-nue  to  employment 
anain-t  th.-m  nt  home.  Others  thought  there 
would  be  difficulties  in  obtaining  work  in  the 

H  in  sufficient  time  to  prevent  their 
driven  to  support  th«'m>el\ea  l.y  their  old  pi. 

.icain   thought  the   tempt  ition*  which   Mir- 

i   them  in  Knu'land   r-ndercd  their  t. 
lion  impoMilile  ;   whilst  m.my  mop-  considered  that 
the  same  ten  ,--.i;l   them  abroad 

which  existed  at  home, 

ME.  MAYHEW  then  addressed  them  on  an»th.-r 
point.      He    »aid     he    had    teen    many    notorioii* 
thieves  in  the  cour»«  of  his   m\r-t  _•  ,t.   n-. 
then  he  had  received  them  at  nil  hours  into  his 
house— men  of  the  most  desperate  and  w 


470 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  most  abandoned  characters— but  he  had  never 
lost  a  6d.  worth  of  his  property  by  them.  One 
thief  he  had  entrusted  with  a  sovereign  to  get 
changed,  and  the  lad  returned  and  gave  him  back 
the  full  amount  in  silver.  He  had  since  gone  out 
to  America.  Now  he  would  ask  all  those  present 
whether,  if  he  were  to  give  them  a  sovereign,  they 
would  do  the  same)  [Several  voices  here  called 
out  that  they  would,  and  others  that  they  would 
not.  Others,  again,  said  that  they  would  to  him, 
but  to  no  one  else.] 

Here  one  of  the  most  desperate  characters  pre- 
sent, a  boy  who  had  been  twenty-six  times  in 
prison,  was  singled  out  from  the  rest,  and  a  sove- 
reign given  to  him  to  get  changed,  in  order  to 
make  the  experiment  whether  he  would  have  the 
honesty  to  return  the  change  or  abscond  with  it  in 
his  possession.  He  was  informed,  on  receiving  it, 
that  if  he  chose  to  decamp  with  it,  no  proceedings 
should  be  taken  against  him.  He  left  the  room 
nmid  the  cheers  of  his  companions,  and  when  he 
had  been  absent  a  few  moments  all  eyes  were 
tunied  towards  the  door  each  time  it  opened, 
anxiously  expecting  his  arrival,  to  prove  his  trust- 
worthiness. Never  was  such  interest  displayed 
by  any  body  of  individuals.  They  mounted  the 
forms  in  their  eagerness  to  obtain  the  first  glimpse 
of  his  return.  It  was  clear  that  their  honour  was 
at  stake ;  and  several  said  they  would  kill  the  lad 
in  the  morning  if  he  made  off  with  the  money. 
Many  minutes  elapsed  in  almost  painful  suspense, 
and  some  of  his  companions  began  to  fear  that  so 
large  a  sum  of  money  had  proved  too  great  a 
temptation  for  the  boy.  At  last,  however,  a 
tremendous  burst  of  cheering  announced  the  lad's 
return.  The  delight  of  his  companions  broke  forth 
avjain  and  again,  in  long  and  loud  penis  of  ap- 
plause, and  the  youth  advanced  amidst  triumphant 
shouts  to  the  platform,  and  gave  up  the  money  in 
full. 

The  assemblage  was  then  interrogated  as  to 
the  effect  of  flogging  as  a  punishment ;  and  the 
general  feeling  appeared  to  be  that  it  hardened 
the  criminal  instead  of  checking  his  depravity, 
and  excited  the  deadliest  enmity  in  his  bosom  at 
the  time  towards  the  person  indicting  it  When 
asked  whether  they  had  seen  any  public  execu- 
tions, they  almost  all  cried  out  that  they  had  seen 
Manning  and  his  wife  hung ;  others  said  that  they 
had  Been  Rush  and  Sarah  Thomas  executed.  They 
stated  that  they  liked  to  go  a  "  death-hunting," 
after  seeing  one  or  two  executed.  It  hardened 
them  to  it,  and  at  last  they  all  got  to  thieve  under 
the  gallows.  They  felt  rather  shocked  at  the 
sight  of  an  execution  at  first ;  but,  after  a  few 
repetitions,  it  soon  wore  off. 

Before  the  meeting  broke  up  several  other  lads 
expressed  a  strong  desire  to  make  statements. 

A  young  man,  18  years  of  age,  and  of  a 
miserable  and  ragged  appearance,  said  he  first  left 
home  from  bad  usage ;  and  could  not  say  whether 
it  was  the  same  with  his  sister  or  not,  but  she  left 
her  home  about  nine  months  ago,  when  he  met 
ner  while  he  was  getting  his  living  as  a  coster- 
monger.  With  the  stock  money  that  he  had,  rather 
than  she  should  be  driven  to  prostitution  a:.d  the 


streets,  he  bought  as  many  things  as  he  could  to 
fjurnish  a  room.  This  exhausted  his  stock-monty, 
and  then  his  furniture  had  to  go  a  little  at  a  time 
to  support  him  and  his  sister  in  food.  After  this 
he  was  obliged  to  take  a  furnished  room,  which 
put  him  to  greater  expense.  To  keep  her  off  the 
streets,  he  was  compelled  to  thieve.  His  father, 
if  he  ever  had  the  feeling  of  a  Christian,  would 
never  have  treated  him  as  he  had  done.  Could  a 
father  (he  asked)  have  any  feeling,  who  chained 
his  son  up  by  the  leg  in  a  ehed,  as  his  father  had 
done  to  him,  and  fed  him  on  bread  and  water  for 
one  entire  month  :  and  then,  after  chaining  him 
up  all  day,  still  chain  him  in  bed  at  night.  This 
it  was  that  drove  him  into  the  streets  at  first.  It 
was  after  his  mother  died,  and  he  had  a  step- 
mother, that  his  father  treated  him  thus.  Hig 
mother-in-law  ill-treated  him  as  well  as  his  father. 
If  he  had  been  a  transport  he  could  not  have  been 
treated  worse.  He  told  his  father  that  he  was 
driving  him  on  the  road  to  transportation,  but 
he  took  no  notice  of  it ;  and  he  was  obliged  to 
leave  his  roof.  He  had  been  in  Newgate  since. 

A  little  boy,  dressed  in  the  garb  of  a  sailor, 
came  up  to  Mr.  Mayhew  crying  bitterly,  and  im- 
plored him  to  allow  him  to  say  a  word.  He  stated 
— I  am  here  starving  all  my  time.  Last  night  I 
was  out  in  the  cold  and  nearly  froze  to  death. 
When  I  got  up  I  was  quite  stiff  and  could  hardly 
walk.  I  slept  in  Whitechapel  under  a  form  where 
they  sell  meat.  I  was  an  apprentice  on  board  of 
a  fishing  smack,  and  ran  away  because  I  was  ill- 
treated.  After  I  ran  away  I  broke  into  my 
master's  house  because  I  was  hungry.  He  gave 
me  twelve  months,  and  now  he  is  in  the  union 
himself ;  he  failed  in  business  and  got  broken  up. 
I  have  been  out  of  prison  three  months,  starving ; 
and  I  would  rather  do  anything  than  thieve.  If 
I  see  a  little  thing  I  take  it,  because  I  can't  get 
anything  to  eat  without  it.  [Here  the  child,  still 
weeping  piteously,  uncovered  his  breast,  and 
showed  his  bones  starting  through  his  skin.  He 
said  he  was  anxious  to  get  out  of  the  country.] 

The  following  statement  respecting  the  lodging- 
houses  was  made,  after  the  others  had  left,  by 
another  lad.  He  left  home  when  about  thirteen, 
and  never  thieved  before  that.  His  father  was 
dead,  and  his  mother  was  unable  to  keep  him.  He 
got  a  situation  and  held  it  for  three  years  and 
nine  months,  until  he  picked  up  with  a  man  from 
a  lodging-house,  and  through  keeping  late  hours 
he  was  obliged  to  leave  his  place  and  sleep  in  a 
lodging-house  himself.  The  lodging-house  is  in 
Short' s-gardens.  This  he  considered  to  have  been 
the  commencement  of  his  downfall.  About  forty 
thieves  lived  in  the  house,  and  they  brought  iu 
stolen  property  of  every  description,  and  the  de- 
puties received  it  and  took  it  to  other  people  to  sell 
it  again,  and  get  the  price  and  pay  the  thieves. 
They  got  double  as  much  as  the  thieves  did,  or 
else  they  would  have  nothing  to  do  with  it. 
Several  housebreakers  lived  at  the  house,  and  he 
heard  them  there  plan  the  robbery  of  Bull  and 
Wilson,  the  woollen-drapers  in  St.  Martin's-lane. 
One  of  the  men  secreted  himself  in  the  home  in 
the  daytime,  and  the  other  two  were  admitted  by 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TfTR  LOffDOX  POOR. 


471 


him  at  night.  If  he  had  stated  this  at  the  meeting 
the  persons  present  would  have  killed  him.  He 
was  sure  that  more  might  be  done  by  giving  proper 
encouragement  to  virtue,  and  by  reforming  the 
criminal,  than  by  rigorous  prosecution.  He  said 
(with  tears  in  his  eyes)  that  he  should  be  very 
willing  and  happy  to  work  for  an  honest  living  if 
he  could  only  get  it  to  do.  He  showed  a  letter  of 
recommendation  for  good  conduct  to  his  former 
master,  and  a  Bible ;  both  of  which  had  been 
given  him  by  the  chaplain  of  the  gaol  which  he 
had  just  left,  after  undergoing  an  imprisonment  of 
twelve  months.  It  was  useless  (he  said)  for  a 
young  man  like  him  to  apply  to  the  parish  for  re- 
lief; he  might  just  as  well  stand  in  the  street  and 
talk  to  a  lamp-post.  Then  what  was  a  man  to  do 
after  he  left  prison  ?  He  must  go  a  thieving  to 
live.  He  was  persuaded  that  if  there  was  an  in- 
stitution to  give  employment  to  the  homeless,  the 
friendless,  and  the  penniless,  after  being  liberated 
from  prison,  it  would  be  the  means  of  rescuing 
thousands. 

The  proceedings  then  terminated.  The  assem- 
blage, which  had  become  more  rational  and  ma- 
nageable towards  the  close,  dispersed,  quite  peace- 
ably it  should  be  added,  and  the  boys  were 
evidently  sincerely  grateful  for  the  efforts  being 
made  to  bring  their  misfortunes  before  the  notice 
of  those  in  whose  power  it  may  be  to  alleviate 
them. 

Before  they  were  dismissed,  as  much  money 
was  dispensed  to  each  as  would  defray  his  night's 
lodging. 

OF  THK  COUNTRY  LODGING-HOUSES. 
Concerning  the  lodging-houses,  more  especially 
in  the  country,  I  give  the  statement  of  a  middle- 
Mod  man,  familiar  with  them  for  twenty  years. 
He  was  recommended  to  me  as  possessed  of  much 
humour  and  a  great  master  of  humourous  slang : — 
"  I  can  tell  you  all  about  it,  sir;  but  one  lodging- 
house  is  so  like  another  that  I  can't  draw  much 
distinction.     In  small  country  towns,  especially 
agricultural  towns,  they  are  decent  places  enough, 

:  in  their  hours,  and  tidy  enough.  At  these 
places  they  have  what  they  call  '  their  own  travel- 
lers,' persons  that  they  know,  and  who  are  always 
."dau-d  in  preference.  As  to  the  characters 
that  frequent  these  places,  let  us  begin  with  Vie 
Ctocuues.  They  carry  about  a  lot  of  worms  in 
bottles,  what  they  never  took  out  of  anybody, 
though  they'll  tell  you  different,  or  long  pieces  of 
tape  in  bottles,  made  to  look  like  worms,  and  on 
that  they  '11  jmtter  in  a  market  place  as  if  on  a  real 

nd  they've  got  the  cheek  to  tell  the  people 

that  that  very  worm  was  taken  from  Lady , 

•oar  the  town,  and  referring  thnn  to  her  to  prove 
it.      The  one  I  knew  best  would  commence  with  a 
piece  of  sponge  in  a  bottle,  which  he  styled  the 
•tomach  wolf.      That  was  his  leading  slum,  and 
well  he  sponged  them  too.    Whm  he'd  pat- 
it  the  wolf,  he  had  another  bottle  with 
what  he  called  a  worm  2<»<>  inches  long, he  bounced 
it  was,  which  the  day  before  yesterday  he  had 

from  Mrs. '•  girl  (tome  well-known  r* 

referted  them  to  her.    While  be  '•  going  on,  a 


brother  Crocus  will  step  up,  a  stranger  to  the  people. 

and  say,  '  Ah,  Doctor ,  you're  right     I  had 

the  pleasure  of  dining  with  Mr. when  the 

worm  was  extracted,  and  never  saw  a  child  so 
altered  in  my  life.'  That 's  what  the  Crocus's  call 
giving  a  jolly ;  and  after  that  don't  the  first 
Crocus's  old  woman  serve  out  the  six-penny- 
worths ?  The  stuff  is  to  cure  every  mortal  thing 
a  man  can  ail — ay,  or  a  woman  either.  They  'd 
actually  have  the  cheek  to  put  a  blister  on  a 
cork  leg.  Well,  when  they  're  done  pattering  on 
the  worm  racket,  then  come  the  wonderful  pills. 
Them  are  the  things.  These  pills,  from  eight  to  a 
dozen  in  a  box,  are  charged  4</.  to  6d.  according  to 
the  flat's  appearance — as  the  Crocus  calls  his  cus- 
tomers. The  pills  meet  with  a  ready  sale,  and 
they're  like  chip  in  porridge,  neither  good  nor  harm. 
It's  chiefly  the  bounciful  patter,  the  cheek  they 
have,  that  gets  them  Crocusses  on.  It 's  amazing. 
They  '11  stare  a  fellow  in  the  face,  and  make  him 
believe  he's  ill  whether  he  is  or  no.  The  man  I 
speak  of  is  a  first-rate  cove;  he  trains  it  and 
coaches  it  from  market  to  market  like  any  gentle- 
man. He  wears  a  stunning  fawny  (ring)  on  his 
finder,  an  out-and-out  watch  and  guard,  and  not  a 
duffer  neither — no  gammon ;  and  a  slap-up  suit  of 
black  togs.  I  've  seen  the  swell  bosmen  ^  farmers ) 
buy  the  pills  to  give  the  people  standing  about,  just 
to  hear  the  Crocus  patter.  Why  they  've  got  the 
cheek  to  pitch  their  stall  with  their  worms  opposite 
a  regular  medical  man's  shop,  and  say,  '  (in  DMT 
the  way  and  see  what  he'll  do — he  '11  drive  uj>  in 
a  horse  and  gig  to  your  door,  and  make  you  pay 
for  it  too  ;  but  I  don't — I  've  walked  here  to  do 
you  good,  and  I  irill  do  you  good  before  I  leave 
you.  One  trial  is  all  I  ask' — and  quite  enough 
too  (said  my  informant).  I'll  warrant  they  won't 
come  a  second  time;  if  they  do,  it's  with  a  stick 
in  their  hands.  If  he  does  much  business  in  tho 
worm-powder  way  (some  have  it  in  cakes  for  chil- 
dren), the  Crocus  never  gives  them  a  ch  . 
catch  him.  But  if  it's  only  pills,  he  'II  show  n<-\: 
market  day,  or  a  month  after,  and  won't  he  crack 
about  it  then  ?  He  says,  '  One  trial  is  all  I  ask,' 
and  one  of  them  got  it  and  was  transport 
knew  one  of  these  Crocusses  who  wiu  once  so  hard 
up  from  lushing  and  boozing  about  that  he  went 
into  a  field  and  collected  sheep  liunu  and  floored 
and  made  his  pills  of  it,  and  made  Un- 
people swallow  it  at  Luttcrworth  market,  in  !,<•]- 
cestershire  ;  because  there  they'll  swallow  any- 
thing. If  the  Cmcus  I  have  mentioned  see  this 
in  tho  paper— as  he  will,  for  he 's  a  reading-man — 
won't  he  come  out  bouncefull  t  He  11  say,  •  Why 
am  I  thin  attacked— why  don't  the  proprietor  and 
the  editor  of  this  paper  come  forward — if  h.-'g 
among  youl  Wh  .  made  thi*  n-jK.rt  ?  let  him 
come  for'ward.  and  I  '11  refute  him  face  to  face,' 
And  n<>  doubt  (my  informant  remarked),  he'd  give 
him  a  tidy  doge,  too,  the  Crocus  would.  1 
I  far  rather  meet  him  (ace  to  face  t) 
medicine,  either  hb  blue  or  hU  pink 
There's  another  sort  who  carry  on  the  era 
business,  but  on  a  small  scale;  they're 

and  twopenny  racket,  and  are  called  hedge 
who  sell  con  salve,  or  pifil 


472 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


a  peniiy/  tc  cure  anything,  and  go  from  house  to 
house  in  the  country.     But  as  the  hedge  crocus  is 
shickery  togged,  he  makes  poorly  out.  Respectabl 
people  won't  listen  to  him,  and  it  'a  generally  the 
lower  order  that  he  gulls.     These  hedge  fellows 
are  slow  and  dull ;  they  go  mouching  along  as  if 
they   were  croaking  themselves.     I  've  seen  the 
head  crocus  I  've  mentioned  at  four  markets  in 
one  week,  and  a  town  on  a  Saturday  night,  clear 
from  51.  to  71. — all  clear  profit,  for  his  fakement 
coats  him   little   or  nothing.     For  such  a  man's 
pound,  the  hedge  fellow  may  make  Is.     The  next 
I'  11  tell  you  about  is  durynacking,  or  duryking. 
The  gipsies  (and   they're  called   Romanies)   are 
the  leading  mob  at  this  racket,  but  they  're  well 
known,    and    I    needn't    say    anything    about 
those     ladies.       But   there 're    plenty    of    trav- 
elling   women   who    go    about    with    a   basket 
and  a  bit  of  driss  (lace)  in  it,  gammy  lace,  for  a 
stall-off  (a  blind),  in  case  they  meet  the  master, 
who   would   order  them   off.     Up  at  a  bosken 
(farm-house)  they  '11  get  among  the  servant  girls, 
being  pretty  well  acquainted  with  the  neighbour- 
hood by  inquiries  on  the  road,  as  to  the  number 
of  daughters  and  female  servants.     The  first  in- 
quiry is  for  the  missus  or  a  daughter,  and  if  they 
can't  be  got  at  they  're  on  to  the  slaveys.     Sup- 
pose they  do  get  hold  of  one  of  the  daughters, 
they  commence  by  offering  the  driss,  which,  as  it 
is  queer  staff,  wouldn't  be  picked  up  by  an  agri- 
cultural young  lady,  as  the  durynacker  very  well 
knows.     Then  she  begins,  '  Ah  !  my  sweet  young 
lady,  ray  blessed  looking  angel' — if  she 's  as  ugly 
as  sin,  and  forty;  they  say  that,  and  that 's  the 
time  you  get  them  to  rights,  when  they  're  old 
and  ugly,  just  by  sweetening  them,  and  then  they 
don  't  mind  tipping  the  loaver  (money) — '  I  know 
you  dont  want  this  stuff  (she'll  continue),  theie's 
something  on  your  mind.     I  see  you  're   in  love  ; 
but   the   dear    handsome   gentleman  —  he'll   not 
slight  you,  but  loves  you  as  hard  as  a  hammer.' 
This  is  thrown   out  as  a  feeler,  and  the  young 
lady  is  sure  to  be  confused  ;  then  the  durrynacker 
has  hold  of  her  maul  v  (hand)  in  a  minute.     It 's 
all  up  with  the  girl,  once  the  woman  gets  a  grip. 
She 's  asked  in  directly,  and  of  course  the  sisters 
(if  she  has  any)  and  the  slavey  are  let  into  the 
secret,  and  all  have  their  fortunes  told.     The  for- 
nine-teller  may  make  a  week's  job  of  it,  according 
as  the  loaver  comes  out.     She  '11  come  away  with 
her  basket  full  of  eggs,   bacon,   butter,  tea  and* 
sugar,  and  all  sorts  of  things.     I  /tave  seen  them 
bring  the  scran  in !     Every  one  is  sure  to  have 
handsome  husbands,   thumping  luck,  and  pretty 
children.     The  durrynacker,  too,  is  not  particular, 
if  there's  a  couple  of  silver  spoons— she  doesn't 
like  odd  ones ;  and  mind  you,  she  alway  carries  a 
basket — big  enough  too.     I  know  a  man  on  this 
lurk,  but  he  works  the  article  with  a  small  glass 
globe  filled  full  of  water,  and  in  that  he  shows 
girls  their  future  husbands,  and  kids  them  on  to 
believe   they  do  see  them — ay,  and   the  church 
they  're  to  be  married  in — and  they  fancy  they  do 
see  it  as  they  twist  the  globe  this  way  and  that, 
while  he  twists  the  tin  out  of  them,  and  no  flies. 
He  actually   had   the    cheek,   though   he   knew 


I   was  fly  to  every    fake,  to    try  to   make    me 
believe  that  I  could  see  the  place  where  Smith 
O'Brien  had  the  fight  in  Ireland  t     '  Don't    you 
see  them  cabbages,    and   a  tall  man  in  a  green 
velvet  cap  among  them,  hollering  out,  "I'm  the 
King  of  Munster  ]"  '    I  don't  know  any  other  male 
durrynacker   worth   noticing;    the    women    have 
all  the  call.     Young  women  won't  ask  their  for- 
tunes of  men.     The  way  the  globe  man  does  is  to 
go   among  the   old  women  and  fiddle  (humbug) 
them,  and,  upon  my  word,  three-parts  of  them  are 
worse   than  the  young  ones.     Now  I  '11   tell  you 
about  the  tat  (rag)  gatherers ;  buying  rags  thev 
call  it,  but  I  call  it  bouncing  people.     Two  men  "l 
lodged  with   once,  one  morning  hadn't  a  farthing, 
regularly  smashed   up,  not  a  feather  to  fly  with, 
they'd  knocked  down  all  their  tin  lushing.     Well, 
they  didn't  know  what  to   be  up  to,  till  one  hit 
upon  a  scheme.     '  I  've  got  it,  Joe,'  says  he.     He 
borrows   two  blue  plates  from  the  lodging-house 
keeper,  a  washing  jug  and  basin.     Off  they  goes, 
one  with  the  crockery,  and  the  other  with  a  bag. 
They  goes   into   the   by-courts   in  Windsor,    be- 
cause this  bouncing  caper  wouldn't  do  in  the  main 
drag.     Up  goes  the  follow  with  a  bag,  and  hollas 
out,  '  Now,  women,  bring  out  your  copper,  brass, 
white  rags,  old  flannel,  bed-sacking,    old  ropes, 
empty  bottles,  umbrellas — any  mortal  thing — the 
best  price  is  given  ;'  and  the  word's  hardly  out, 
when  up  comes  his  pal,  hollaring,  '  Sam,  holloa  ! 
stop  that  horse/  as  if  he  'd  a  horse  and  cart  pass- 
ing the  court,  and  then  the  women  bring  out  their 
umbrellas  and  things,  and  the  're  all  to  be  ex- 
changed  for  crockery  such  as  he  shows,  and  all 
goes  into  the  bag,  and   the  bagman  goes  off  with 
the  things,  leaving  the  other  to  do  the  bounce, 
and   he  keeps  singing  out  for  the  horse  and  cart 
with   the  load   of  crockery,  gammoning  there   is 
one,  that  the  ladies  may  have  their  choice,  and  he 
then   hurries   down    to   quicken  his  cart-d liver's 
movements,  and  hooks  it,  leaving  the  fl.its  com- 
pletely stunned.     Oh  !  it  does  give  them  a  ferry  - 
cadouzer.     Two  other  men  go  about  on  this  lurk, 
one  with  an  old  cracked  plate  under  his  waistcoat, 
and   the  other  with  a   bag.     And  one  sings  nut, 
'  Now,  women,  fourpence  a  pound  for  your  white 
rags.     None  of  your  truck  system,  your  needleg 
and  thread  for  it.       I   don't  do   it     that    way ; 
ready  money,  women,   is  the  order  of  the   day 
with    me.'     Well,    one   old  mollesher    (woman), 
though  she  must  have  known  her  rags  would  only 
bring  2d.  a  Ib.  at  a  fair  dealer's,  if  there  be  one, 
brought   out    8   Ibs.   of  white  rags.     He  weighs 
them  with  his  steelyards,  and  in  they  went  to  the 
j.     The  man  with  the  bag  steps  it  immediately, 
1  the  other  whips  out  his  flute  quite  card 
and  says — '  Which  will  you  have  marm,  Jem  Crow, 
or  the  Bunch  of  Roses?'     The   old  woman  says 
directly,   '  What  do  you  mean,  8  times  4   is  32, 
and  32  pence  is  2s.  Sd.  ;  never  mind,  I  won't  be 
hard,   give   me    half-a-crown.'     Well,    when  she 
finds  there 's  no  money,  out  she  hollars,  and  he 
plays  his  distracted  flute  to  drown  her  voice,  and 
backs  himself  manfully  out  of  the  court.     I  have 
known  these  men  get  on  so  th**  I  h»ve  seen  them 
with  a  good  horse  and  cart.     There  's  another  c!.m 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


473 


»f  rag  bloaks,  who  have  bills  printed  with  the 
Queen's  Arms  at  the  top,  if  you  iH. -.« 
authority' — that  "s  their  own  authority,  and  they 
A  sume  plenty  of  it.  Well,  this  bill  specifies  the  best 
prices  for  rags,  left-off  clothes,  &c.  One  fellow  goes 
and  drops  these  bills  at  the  kens  (houses),  the  other 
comes  after  him,  and  as  the  man  who  drops  marks 
iiouse  where  a  bill  has  been  taken,  the 
second  man  knows  where  to  call.  Any  house 
where  he  pets  a  call  commences  the  caper.  Well, 
anything  to  be  disposed  of  is  brought  out,  often  in 
the  back  yard.  The  party  of  the  house  produces 
the  bill,  which  promises  a  stunning  tip  for  the  old 
lumber.  The  man  keeps  sorting  the  things  out, 
and  running  them  down  as  not  so  good  as  he  ex- 
pected ;  but  at  the  same  time  he  kids  them  on  by 
promising  three  times  more  than  the  tin: 
worth.  This  is  a  grand  racket — the  v. 
fakes  them,  and  then  he  says,  '  Alarm  (or  sir,  as  it 

-hall  give  yon    !:>.'.  for  the  lot/  which 

stuns  the  party,  for  they  never  expected  to  get 

anything  like  that — and  their  expectations  is  not 

disappointed,  for  they  don't.   Then  he  turns  round 

< .  and  commences  sorting  more  particularly 

.  putting  the  best  and  the  easiest  to 

.-r.     lie  starts  up  then,  and  whips  a 

couple  of  bob,  or  half  a  bull   (2s.  6<1.)   into   the 

woman's  hand,  saying,   '  I  always  like  to  bind  a 

bargain,   marm — one  of  the  fairest   dealing  men 

travelling.     Do  save  all  your  old  lumber  for  me.' 

idden  he  begins  searching  his  pockets,  and 

exclaims,   '  Dear  me,  I  haven't  enough  change  in 

my  pocket,  but  I  '11  soon  settle  that — my  mate  has 

.tie.     I  '11  just  take  a  load  out  to  the  cart, 

and   come  back  for   the  others  with  the   n. 

and  so  he   hooks  it,  and  I  've  no  occasion  to  tell 

:  conies  back ;  and  that 's  what  he  calls 
having  them  on  the  knock.'' 

The  other  inmates  at  the  lodging-houses  which 
i-s  concerning 

whom  full  information  is  or  will  be  given  in  other 
portions  of  this  or  the  following  letters.  His  de- 
;i  of  the  lodging-houses,  too,  was  a  corrobo- 
ration  of  the  statement  I  give  to-day.  All  the 
classes  described  meet  and  mix  at  the  lodging- 


I  shall  reserve  what  I  have  to  say  concerning 
rluence  of  the  low  lodging-houses  of  Lon- 
don and  the  country  till   the  c  mciusion   of  the 
:.t  volume. 

E  STREET- SELLERS  OF  CHKMICAL  AKTICLKS 
OF  MANUFACTUEB. 

TUB  utr  TS  of  blacking,  of  the  different 

preparations  of  black  lead,  of  j 

salves,  of  grease-removing  composition*,  < ! 

and  glass  cements,  of  rat  poison*,  of  fly-papers,  of 

beetle- wafers,  of  gutta-percha  head- 

match  .   may   be    classed 

generally  under  two  heads.    They  are  eith 

eld  or  very  young  persons,  or  else  they  are  men 

who  recommend  their  wares  oy  patter. 

Aaosjf.  th  •  t',r»t  iiK-ntioi,.  <1  c'.i--,  ;nr  tii.- \,  :   |sjsj 

«f  cakes  of  blacking,  papers  of  black-lead,  and 

matches.     (>  and  black  lead  the 

street-sellers  are  BON  frequently  old  women ;  of 


lucifer  matches  they  are  usually  women  and 
children,  and  of  all  ages.  It  is  not  uncommon, 
in  the  quieter  roads  of  the  suburbs  especially,  to 
see  a  young  woman  extend  her  bare  red  arm  from 
;i  a  scanty  ragged  shawl,  and  with  an  im- 
ploring look,  a  low  curtsey,  and  a  piteous  tone, 
profft-r  a  box  of  matches  for  sale  ;  while  a  child  in 
her  arms,  perhaps  of  two  or  three  years  old,  ex- 
tends in  its  little  hand  another  box.  There  are 
also  in  the  street  sale  of  lucifer  match*  - 
many  girls  and  boys,  parentless  or  linear 
and  many  old  or  infirm  women  and  men. 

The  street-sellers  of  chemically-manufactured 
articles,  who  feel  it  necessary  t<>  recommend  their 
wares  by  a  little  street  oratory,  or  patter,  (the 
paper- worker,  whose  humorous  remarks  I  have 
before  quoted,  once  described  it  to  me  as  " 
Using  by  word  of  mouth,")  are  the  vendors  of 
the  articles  which  are  to  cure,  to  repair,  to  reno- 
vate, or  to  kill.  Any  other  itinerant  vendors  of 
chemical  articles  are  of  the  ordinary  class  of  street 
traders. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  BLACKING,  BLACK 

LEAD,  ETC. 

I  SPECIFY  these  two  commodities  jointly,  because 
they  are  frequently  sold  by  the  same  indi 
In  \Yhitechapel  and  Spitalrtelds  are  eight  estab- 
lishments, where  the  street-sellers  of  blacking  are 
principally  supplied  with  their  stock.     It  is  sold 
in  cakes,  which  are  wrapped   in   a    kind 
paper,  generally  printed  on  the  back,  so  as  to  catch 
the  eye,  with  the  address  of  some  well-known 
blacking  manufacturer.   Thus  some  which  a  - 
seller  of  blacking   showed  me   were  printed,   in 
pc,  as  a  sort  of  border,  "Lewis's  India 
Rubber  Blacking,"  while  in  the  middle  was  a  very 
black  and  very  predominant  30,  ami 
in  small  and  hardly  distinguishable  t 
cess-st.,  Fortman-market."    Any  shopkeeper 
'•  supplies  the  trade,"  if  he  be  a  regular  customer 
of   the   manufacturer,  can   have   his  name  and 
address  printed  on  the  cover  of  the  blacking-cakes. 
The  30  is  meant  to  catch  the  eye  with  the  well- 
known  flourish  of  "  30,  Strand." 

The  quality  of  these  cakes  of  blacking,  the 
street-sellers  whom  I  qu.-stioned  told  me  was 
highly  a;>jT  customer*,  and,  us  black- 

ing  is  purchased  by  the  classes  who  aim  at  a 
>  ss  and  cleanliness  abov.  •  pur- 

chasers of  many  street  • 
reason  to  doubt  the  assertion.     The  sale 
blackii  ii  chiefly  on  a  round,  and  it 

would  be  hopeless  as  to  future  custom  to  call  a 
second  time  at  any  house  where  bad  blacking  had 
been  told   on   a  previous   visit.     The  art . 
Tended  wholesale,  in  "gross  boxes,"  and 
gross  •ozes."     The  half-gross  boxes  are  1*.  9d.t 
and  capital,  eren   in  thi*  trifling  trade,  has  it* 
customary  Advantages,  for  the  "  gross  boxes"  are 
but  3,.     It  should  be  remembered,  however,  that 
to  the  buyer  of  two  "  half-gross"  a  couple  of  the 
wooden  ' 


PMMU  wuwro.  boxes,  in  which  ihe  bl... 

•  n  hawked,  must  be  supplied;  but  to 
the  buyer  of  a  M  gross  box "  only  one  of  these 
case*  is  furnished.  I  may  mention,  to  the  credit 


474 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


«f  the  vendors,  that  of  the  wholesale  blacking 
makers,  two  have  themselves  been  street-sellers, 
and  one  still,  but  only  at  intervals,  goes  "  on  a 
blacking-round"  among  his  old  customers.  There 
are  other  blacking-makers,  but  those  I  have  speci- 
fied, as  to  number,  are  more  particularly  the  pro- 
viders for  the  street  trade.  The  poor  people  who 
sell  blacking  at  a  distance  from  the  manufacturer's 
premises — as  in  the  case  of  the  "  30,  Princess-st., 
Portman-market" — are  supplied  by  oilmen,  chand- 
lers, and  other  shopkeepers,  who  buy  largely  of 
the  manufacturers,  and  can  consequently  supply 
the  purchasers  by  the  dozen,  for  street  sale  or 
hawking,  as  cheaply  as  they  would  be  supplied  by 
the  manufacturer  himself.  A  dozen  is  generally 
charged  3  .}</.,  and  as  the  cakes  are  sold  at  }2d. 
each  (occasionally  Id.f  both  by  the  street  people 
and  more  frequently  the  small  shopkeepers)  the 
profit  is  moderate  enough.  The  cakes,  however, 
which  are  regularly  retailed  at  Id.,  are  larger,  and 
cost  nearly  twice  the  amount  of  the  others  whole- 
sale. 

This  trade  presents  the  peculiarity  of  being 
almost  entirely  a  street  "door-to-door"  trade,  as 
I  heard  it  described.  Blacking  is  not  presented 
for  purposes  of  begging,  as  are  lucifer-matches, 
tracts,  memorandum-books,  boot-laces,  &c. ;  for 
the  half-trading,  half-begging,  is  carried  on  in  the 
quieter  parts  of  town,  and  more  extensively  in  the 
suburbs,  ladies  being  principally  accosted,  and  to 
them  blacking  is  not  offered. 

There  are  now,  I  learn  from  good  authority, 
never  fewer  than  200  persons  selling  cake  black- 
ing, "from  door  to  door."  More  than  half  of 
them  are  elderly  women,  and  more  than  three- 
fourths  women  of  all  ages  and  girls.  The  other 
sellers  are  old  men  and  boys.  None  of  the  black- 
ing-sellers make  the  article  they  vend.  To  sell 
eight  dozen  cakes  a  week  is  a  full  average,  and  of 
these  the  "pennies"  and  the  "half-pennies"  are 
about  equally  divided.  This  gives  a  weekly  out- 
lay of  6s.  to  each  individual  seller,  with  an  average 
profit  of  about  2*.  6d.,  and  shows  a  yearly  street- 
expenditure  by  the  public  of  3120/.  The  profit, 
however,  is  not  in  equal  apportionment  among 
the  traders  in  blacking,  for  the  "  old  hands"  on 
a  regular  round  will  do  double  the  business  of  the 
others. 

In  liquid  blacking  the  trade  is  now  small.  It 
is  occasionally  sold  in  the  street  markets  on 
Saturday  nights,  but  the  principal  traffic  is  in  the 
public-houses.  This  kind  of  blacking  is  retailed  at 
2d.  a  bottle,  and,  I  was  informed  by  a  man  who 
had  sold  it,  was  "  rather  queer  stuff."  It  is  la- 
belled "  equal  to"  (in  very  small  letters)  DAY  AND 
MARTIN  ''  in  very  large  letters.  One  of  the  manu- 
facturers a  few  years  ago  told  my  informant  that 
he  had  been  threatened  "  with  being  sued  for 
piracy,  but  it  was  no  use  sueing  a  mouse."  There 
are  sometimes  none,  and  sometimes  twenty  per- 
sons hawking  this  blacking,  and  they  are  princi- 
pally, I  am  informed,  the'  servants  of  showmen, 
"out  of  employ,"  or  "down  on  their  luck." 
Some  of  these  men  "raffle"  their  blacking  in 
public-houses.  They  are  provided  with  tickets, 
cumbered  from  one  to  six,  which  are  thrown,  the 


blank  sides  upwards  on  a  table,  and  the  drawer 
of  number  six  wins  a  two-penny  bottle  of  blacking 
for  %d.  ;  for  this  the  raffler  receives  3d.  Few  of 
these  traders  sell  more  than  one  dozen  bottles  in  a 
day,  the  principal  trade  being  in  the  evening,  and 
"  one-and-a-half  dozen  is  a  very  good  day."  The 
goods  are  carried  in  a  sack,  slung  from  the  shoul- 
der, and  are  a  very  heavy  carriage,  as  two-and-a- 
half  dozen,  which  are  often  carried,  weigh  about 
100  Ibs.  If  ten  men,  the  year  through,  take  each 
6s.  weekly  (about  half  the  amount  being  profit), 
which,  I  am  assured,  is  the  average  extent  of  the 
trade,  we  find  156J.  yearly  expended  in  this 
liquid  blacking.  "Ten  years  ago,"  said  one 
blacking  seller  to  me,  "it  was  three  times  as 
much  as  it  is  now."  At  the  mews  blacking  is 
sold  by  men  who  are  for  the  most  part  servant* 
out  of  place,  or  who  have  become  known 
to  the  denizens  of  the  mews,  from  having  been 
"helpers"  in  some  capacity,  if  they  have  not 
worn  a  livery.  Here  the  article  vended  is  what 
it  is  announced  to  be, — "Hoby's  "  or  "  Everett's" 
blacking.  The  sellers  are  known  to  the  coach- 
men and  grooms,  many  of  whom  have  to  "  find 
their  own  blacking,"  or  there  would  be  no  busi- 
ness done  in  the  mews,  the  dwellers  there  being 
great  sticklers  for  "  a  good  article."  The  profit 
to  the  vendors  is  3*.  in  12*.  Shilling  bottles  are 
vended  as  numerously  as  "  sixpennies."  An  old 
coachman,  who  had  lived  in  mews  in  all  parts  of 
town,  calculated  that,  take  the  year  through,  there 
was  every  day  twenty  men  selling  blacking  in 
the  mews,  with  an  average  profit  of  lOrf.  a  day, 
or  5*.  a  week,  so  taking  155.  each.  This  gives  a 
mews  expenditure,  yearly,  of  780/. 

Black-Lead,  for  the  polishing  of  grates,  is  sold 
in  small  paper  packets,  the  half  ounce  being  a 
^d.,  and  the  ounce  a  Id.  The  profit  is  cent,  per 
cent.  Nearly  all  the  women  who  sell  blacking,  as 
I  have  described,  sell  black-lead  also.  In  addition 
to  these  elderly  traders,  however,  there  are  from 
twenty  to  thirty  boys  and  girls  who  vend  black- 
lead  in  the  street  markets,  but  chiefly  on  Saturday 
nights,  and  on  other  days  offer  it  through  the  area 
rails — their  wretched  plight,  without  any  actual 
begging,  occasionally  procuring  them  custom. 

The  black-lead  sold  in  the  streets  has  often  a 
label  in  imitation  of  that  of  established  shop- 
keepers, as "  Superfine  Pencil  Black-Lead,  prepared 
expressly  for,  and  sold  by  T.  H.  Jennings,  Oil- 
Colour  and  Italian  Warehouse,  25,  Wormwood- 
street,  City."  The  name  and  address  must  of 
course  be  different,  but  the  arrangement  of  the 
lines,  and  often  the  type,  is  followed  closely, 
as  are  the  adornments  of  the  packet,  which 
in  the  instance  cited  are  heraldic.  In  other  parts  of 
town,  the  labels  of  tradesmen  are  imitated  in  a 
similar  way,  but  not  very  closely  ;  and  in  nearly 
half  the  qantity  sold  a  bond  fide  label  is  given, 
without  imitation  or  sham.  "  There  would  be 
more  sold  in  that  way,"  I  was  told  by  a  sharp 
lad,  "  quite  the  real  ticket,  if  the  dons  as  whole- 
sales the  black-lead,  would  make  it  up  to  sell  in 
ha'porths  and  penn'orths,  with  a  proper  'lowaace 
to  us  as  sells."  This  boy  and  a  young  sister  went 
on  a  round ;  the  boy  with  black-lead,  the  girl  witli 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


boot-laces,  to  one  direction,  the  mother  going  in 
Another,  and  each  making  for  their  room  at  six  in 
the  evening;  or  as  soon  as  "  sold  out. " 

There  are,  I  am  informed,  100  to  150  persons 
selling  and  hawking  black-lead  in  the  stm 
it  may  be  estimated  that  they  take  4$.  each 
weekly  (the  adults  selling  other  small  articles 
with  the  black-lead) ;  thus  we  find,  averaging  the 
number  of  sellers  at  125,  that  1250J.  is  yearly 
.''d  in  this  article,  half  of  which  sum  forms 
the  profit  of  the  street-folk. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  FRENCH  POLISH. 
THE  greater  part  of  the  French  polish  vended  in 
•ets  is  bought  at  oil  and  varnish-shops  in 
liethnal  green  and  Whitechapel,  the  wholesale 
price  being  l.«.  a  pint.  The  street- vendors  add 
turpentine  to  the  polish,  put  it  into  small  bottles, 
and  retail  it  at  \d.  a  bottle.  They  thus  contrive 
to  clear  5d.  on  each  shilling  thev  take. 

There  are  now  five  and  sometimes  six  men 
selling  French  polish  in  the  streets  and  public- 
houses.  "  But  the  trade  's  getting  stale,"  I  was 
told  ;  "  there  was  twice  as  many  in  it  three  or 
lour  years  back,  and  there'll  be  fewer  still  next 
When  French  polish  first  became  famous 
there  were,  I  was  informed,  several  cabinet-makers 
who  hawked  it — some  having  prepared  it  them- 
selves— and  they  would  occasionally  clear  5*.  in  a 
day.  Of  these  street-traders  there  are  now  none, 
the  present  vendors  having  been  in  no  way  con- 
nected with  the  manufacture  of  furniture.  These 
men  generally  carry  with  them  pieces  of  "  fancy 
wood,"  such  as  rose,  or  sandal  wood,  which  they 
polieh  up  in  the  street*  to  show  the  excellence  of 
the  varnish.  The  chief  purchasers  are  working 
people  and  small  tradespeople,  or  their  wive*,  who 
require  trifling  quantities  of  such  a  composition 
when  they  re-polish  any  small  article  of  furniture. 

The  French  polish-sellers,  I  am  assured    by  a 
man  familiar  with   the  business,  take  2s.  a  day 
each,  or  rather  in  an  ev.-mng,  for  the  sales  are 
then  the  most  frequent :  the  "2s.  leaves  a  profit  of 
lOrf.    The  street  expenditure  is,  therefore  (reckon- 
B   regular  sellers),  156/.  yearly.     None  of 
••ncli    polish-sellers  confine  themselves  en- 
tirely to  the  sale  of  it. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  GREASE  REMOVING 

COMPOSITIONS. 

TUB   persons  engaged  in  this  trade  carry  it  on 
with  a  regular  patter.  One  man's  street  announce- 
•Ml  is  in  the  following  words  :  "  Here  you  have 
a  composition  to  remove  stains  from  silks,  muslins, 
cords,   or  tabarets  of  any  kind  or 
It   will   iifv.T  injure   nor  fade  lh«- 
•ilk  or  satin,  but  restore  it  to  its  original  colour. 
-ase  on  silks,  &c.,  only  rub  the  composition 
tain  five  minutes,  then  take  a 
Clothes' brush  and  brash  it  off,  and  it  will }, 
to  have  removed  the  stains.   For  grease  in  woollen 
spread  the  composition  on  the  place  w.th  a 
piece  of  woollen  cloth  and  odd  water ;  when  dry 
rah  it  off,  and  it  will  reroore  the  grease  or  stain. 
For  pitch  or  tar  use  hot  water  Jnrtiid  of  cold,  as 
that  prevents  tho  uap  coming  off  the  cloth. 


it  is.      »Squares  of  grease-removing  composition, 
never  known  to  fail,  only  Id.  each." 

This  street-traffic,  I  was  informed,  was  far  more 
extensively  carried  on  when  silks  and  woollen 
cloths,  and  textile  manufactures  generally,  were 
more  costly  and  more  durable  than  at  present, 
and  when  to  dye,  and  scour,  and  '•  turn  "  a  gar- 
ment, was  accounted  good  housewiveship.  The 
sellers  then  told  wonders  of  their  making  old  silk 
gowns,  or  old  coats,  as  good  as  new,  by  removing 
every  discolouration,  no  matter  from  what 
Now  a  silk  dress  is  rarely,  if  ever,  subjected  to 
the  experiment  of  being  renovated  by  the  virtues 
of  grease-removing  compositions  sold  in  the  M 
The  trade,  at  present,  is  almost  confined  to  the 
removing  of  the  grease  from  coat-collars,  or  of 
stains  from  contact  with  paint,  &c.,  with  which 
boys  (principally)  have  damaged  their  garments. 

The  grease- remover  generally  carries  his  w.-ire* 
on  a  tray  slung  in  front  of  him,  and  often  illus- 
trates the  efficacy  of  his  composition,  by  showing 
its  application  to  the  very  greasy  collar  of  :i 
old  jacket,  which  is  removed  with  admirable  fa- 
cility. The  man  patters  as  he  carries  on  this 
work.  "  You  would  have  thought  now  that 
jacket  was  done  for,  and  only  fit  for  the  r 
or  to  go  to  make  up  a  lot  for  a  Jew  ;  but  with  my 
composition — only  Id.  a  cake — it  has  acquired  a 
new  nap  and  a  new  gloss,  and  you  've  escaped  a 
tailor's  bill  for  awhile  for  Id.  You  can  u- 
own  eyes.  You  've  seen  me  do  it,  and  here  's  tho 
very  same  stuff  as  I  have  proved  to  you  is  so 
useful  and  was  never  known  to  fail.  No  mother, 
or  wife,  or  mistress,  or  maid,  that  wishes  to  be 
careful  and  not  waste  money,  should  be  without 
it  in  the  house.  It  removes  stains  from  silks, 
&c.,  <Scc." 

Notwithstanding  these  many  recommendation!), 
the  street  trade  in  grease-removing  cakes  is 
poor  one.  It  cannot  be  carried  on  in  bad  weather, 
for  an  audience  cannot  then  be  collected,  and  t <> 
clear  1*.  6</.  in  a  day  is  accounted  fair  work.  No 
grease-remover  confines  his  trade  to  that  c»mnu>- 
'.:••  of  the  best  known  sells  also  plate  balls, 
and  occasionally  works  conundrums  and  comic 
exhibitions.  The  two  brother*,  who  were  formerly 
I.P  ,  i. ms  at  the  Blue  Coat  School,  are  also  in  tin'* 
line.  There  are  now  seven  men  who  sell  grease* 

ng  compositions,  which  they  prepare 
selves.     The  usual  ingredients  are  pij»e  clay,  two 
pennyworth  of  which  is  beat  up  and  "worked 
with't  generally  red  lead  and  stone 

blue.     This  gives  the  comjx.Mtion  a  streaky  look, 
and  takes  away  the  appearance  of  pipe  clay. 

Thr   pun-haUs   „(  th.H   artule   are.  I    am    told. 

women  and  servants,  but  the  trade  is  one 
u  declining.  One  of  the  best  localities  for  sale  is 
Ratcliff  Highway  and  the  purchasers  there  are 
sailors.  One  man  told  me  that  he  once  made  a 
pound's  worth  for  a  sailor,  who  took  it  to  ena  with 
him.  The  street  .oiler  did  not  know  for 


O.     ,p,,Uhlt,on 

Oalculstinf  that  the  seven  iisaes  nejotm  carry 
on  the  sale  of  the  article  S  days  eaoh  we. 
clear  U  6U  per  day,  we  ind  78  guinea*  yearly 


476 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


expended  in  the  streets  for  the  removal  of  grease. 
Nearly  the  whole  is  profit. 

Plating  Balls  are  generally  sold  by  the  grease- 
removers,  but  sometimes  they  are  proffered  for 
•ale  aldhe.  There  are  four  men  whose  prin- 
cipal dependance  is  on  the  sale  of  plating 
balls.  One  announces  his  wares  as  *'  making 
plate  as  good  as  silver,  and  all  inferior  metals 
equal  to  the  best  plated.  No  tarnish  can  stand 
against  my  plate  balls,"  he  goes  on,  "and  if,  in 
this  respectable  company,  there  should  chance  to 
be  any  lady  or  genl'man  that  has  no  plate,  then 
let  him  make  an  old  brass  candlestick  shine  like 
gold,  or  his  tin  candlestick,  extinguisher  and  all, 
shine  like  silver.  Here  are  the  balls  that  can  do 
it,  and  only  4  a  penny.  You  have  only  to  rub 
the  ball  on  your  wash-leather,  or  dry  woollen 
cloth,  and  rub  it  on  what  has  to  be  restored. 
Four  a  penny  ! " 

These  balls,  which  are  prepared  by  the  street- 
sellers,  are  usually  made  of  a  halfpennyworth  of 
whitening,  a  farthing'sworth  of  red-lead,  and  an 
ounce  of  quicksilver,  costing  Id.  A  gross  of  balls 
costs  7 '$</.,  as  ri-Lrards  the  materials.  The  receipts 
of  the  plating  ball  sellers  are  the  same  as  those  of 
the  grease-removers,  but  with  a  somewhat  smaller 
profit. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OK  CORN-SALVK. 
THE  street  purveyors  of  corn-salve,  or  corn-plaster, 
for  I  heard  both  words  used,  are  not  more  than 
a  dozen  in  number ;  but,  perhaps,  none  depend 
'</  upon  the  sale  of  corn-salve  for  a  living. 
As  is  the  wont  of  the  pattering  class  to  which 
they  belong,  these  men  make  rounds  into  the 
country  and  into  the  suburbs,  but  there  arc  some- 
times, on  one  day,  a  dozen  "  working  the  main 
drags  "  (chief  thoroughfares)  of  London :  there 
are  no  women  in  the  trade.  The  salve  is  most 
frequently  carried  on  a  small  tray,  slung  in  front 
of  the  street  professional ;  but  sometimes  it  is  sold 
at  a  small  stall  or  stand.  Oxford-street,  Holborn, 
Tottenham-court-road,  and  Whitechapel,  are  fa- 
vourite localities  for  these  traders ;  as  are  lilack- 
friars-road  and  Newington-causeway  on  the  Surrey 
side  of  the  Thames.  On  the  Saturday  evening 
the  corn-salve  sellers  resort  to  the  street  markets. 

The  patter  of  these  traders  is  always  to  the 
same  purport  (however  differently  expressed) — the 
long-tested  efficacy  and  the  unquestionable  cheap- 
ness of  their  remedies.  The  vendors  are  glib  and 
unhesitating ;  but  some,  owing,  I  imagine,  to  a 
repetition  of  the  same  words,  as  they  move  from 
one  part  of  a  thoroughfare  to  another,  or  occupy  a 
pitch,  have  acquired  a  monotonous  tone,  little  cal- 
culated to  impress  a  street  audience — to  effect 
which  a  man  must  be,  or  appear  to  be,  in  earnest. 
The  patter  of  one  of  these  dealers,  who  sells  corn- 
salve  on  fine  evenings,  and  works  the  public- 
houses,  "  with  anything  likely,"  on  wet  evenings, 
is,  from  his  own  account,  in  the  following  words  : — 

"  Here  you  have  a  speedy  remedy  for  every 
sort  of  corn  !  Your  hard  corn,  soft  corn,  blood 
sorn,  black  corn,  old  corn,  new  corn,  wart,  or 
bunion,  can  be  safely  cured  in  three  days !  Nothing 
further  to  do  but  spread  this  salve  on  a  piece  of 


glove-leather,  or  wash-leather,  and  apply  it  to  the 
place.  Art  and  nature  does  the  rest.  Either 
corns,  warts,  or  bunions,  cured  for  on«  penny." 

This,  however,  is  but  as  the  announcement  of 
the  article  on  sale,  and  is  followed  by  a  recapitu- 
lation of  the  many  virtues  of  that  peculiar  recipe  ; 
but,  as  regards  the  major  part  of  these  street- 
traders,  the  recapitulation  is  little  more  than  a 
change  of  words,  if  that.  There  are,  however, 
one  and  sometimes  two  patterers,  of  acknowledged 
powers,  who  every  now  and  then  sell  corn-salve — 
for  the  restlessness  of  this  class  of  people  drives 
them  to  incessant  changes  in  their  pursuits — and 
their  oratory  is  of  a  higher  order.  One  of  the 
men  in  question  speaks  to  the  following  purport : — 

"  Here  you  are  !  here  you  are  !  all  that  has  to 
complain  of  corns.  As  fast  as  the  shoemaker 
lames  you,  I'll  cure  you.  If  it  wasn't  for  me  he 
dursn't  sing  at  his  work  ;  bless  you,  but  he  knows 
I  '11  make  his  pinching  easy  to  you.  Hard  corn, 
soft  corn,  any  corn — sold  again  !  Thank  you,  sir, 
you  '11  not  have  to  take  a  'bus  home  when  you  've 
u.vd  my  corn-salve,  and  you  can  wear  your  boots 
out  then  ;  you  can't  when  you  've  corns.  Now, 
in  this  little  box  you  see  a  large  corn  which  was 
drawn  by  this  very  salve  from  the  honourable 
foot  of  the  late  lamented  Sir  Robert  Peel.  It 's 
i>ei'n  in  my  possession  three  years  and  four  months, 
and  though  I'm  a  poor  man — hard  corn,  soft  corn,  or 
any  corn — though  I  'm  a  poor  man,  the  more's  the 
pity,  I  wouldn't  sell  that  corn  for  the  newest 
sovereign  coined.  I  call  it  the  free-trade  corn, 
uvnTmen  and  leddis.  No  cutting  and  paring, 
and  sharpening  penknives,  and  venturing  on  ra- 
zors to  level  your  corns ;  this  salve  draws  them 
out — only  one  penny — and  without  pain.  But 
wonders  can't  be  done  in  a  moment.  To  draw 
out  such  a  corn  as  I  've  shown  you,  the  foot,  the 
whole  foot,  must  be  soaked  five  minutes  in  warm 
soap  and  water.  That  makes  the  salve  penetrate, 
and  draw  the  corn,  which  then  falls  out,  in  three 
days,  like  a  seed  from  a  flower.  Hard  corn,  soft 
corn,  &c.,  &c." 

The  corn  from  "  the  honourable  foot "  of  Sir 
Robert  Peel,  or  from  the  foot  of  any  one  likely  to 
interest  the  audience,  has  been  scraped  and 
trimmed  from  a  cow's  heel,  and  may  safely  be  sub- 
mitted to  the  inspection  and  handling  of  the  in- 
credulous. "  There  it  is,"  the  corn-seller  will 
reiterate — "  it  speaks  for  itself." 

One  practice — less  common  than  it  was,  how- 
ever,— of  the  corn-salve  street-seller,  is  to  get  a 
friend  to  post  a  letter — expressive  of  delighted  as- 
tonishment at  the  excellence  and  rapidity  of  the 
corn-cure — at  some  post-office  not  very  contiguous. 
If  the  salve-seller  be  anxious  to  remove  the  corns 
of  the  citizens,  he  displays  this  letter,  with  the 
genuine  post-mark  of  Piccadilly,  St.  James's- 
street,  Pall-mall,  or  any  such  quarter,  to  show 
how  the  fashionable  world  avails  itself  of  his 
wares,  cheap  as  they  are,  and  fastidious  as  are 
the  fashionable  !  If  the  street-professional  be 
offering  his  corn-cures  in  a  fashionable  locality,  h« 
produces  a  letter  from  Cheapside,  or  Cornhill— 
"there  it  is,  it  speaks  for  itself" — to  show  how 
the  shrewd  city-people,  who  were  r.ever  taken  la 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOK. 


477 


THE  BONE-GBCBBER 


o.  31. 


•J  f 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


479 


by  street-sellers  in  their  lives,  and  couldn't  be, 
appreciated  that  particular  corn-salve  !  Occasion- 
ally, as  the  salve-seller  is  pattering,  a  man  comes 
impetuously  forward,  and  says  loudly,  "  Here, 
doctor,  let  me  have  a  shilling's-worth.  I  bought 
a  penn'orth,  and  it  cured  one  corn  by  bringing  it 

right  out — her*  tnj  i d  thing  is,  it  troubled  me 

•even  year — and  I  've  got  other  corns,  and  I  'm 
determined  I  '11  root  out  the  whole  family  of 
them.  Come,  now,  look  sharp,  and  put  up  a 
shilling's-worth."  The  shillings-worth  is  gravely 
handed  to  the  applicant  as  if  it  were  not  only  a 
bon&fidf,  but  an  ordinary  occurrence  in  the  way 
of  business. 

One  corn-salve  seller — who  was  not  in  town  at 
the  time  of  my  inquiry  into  this  curious  matter — 
had,  I  was  assured,  "  and  others  might  have  "  full 
faith  in  the  efficacy  of  the  salve  he  vended.  <  >ne 
of  his  fellow-traders  said  to  me,  "  Ay,  sir,  and  he 
has  good  reason  for  trusting  to  it  for  a  cure ;  he 
cured  mt  of  my  corns,  that  I  'm  sure  of ;  so  there 
can  be  no  nonsense  about  it  He  has  a  secret." 
.  asking  this  informant  if  he  had  tried  his 
own  corn-salve,  he  laughed,  and  said  "  No  !  I  'm 
like  the  regular  doctors  that  way,  never  tries  my 
own  things."  The  same  man,  who  had  no  great 
faith  in  what  he  sold  being  of  any  use  in  the  cure 
rn,  wart,  or  bunion,"  assured  me — and  I 
have  no  doubt  with  truth — that  he  had  sold  his 
y  to  persons  utter  strangers  to  him,  who 
had  told  him  afterwards  that  it  had  cured  their 
corns.  "  False  relics,"  says  a  Spanish  proverb, 
have  wrought  true  miracles,"  and  to  what  cause 
these  corn-cures  were  attributable,  it  is  not  my 
business  to  inquire. 

I  had  no  difficulty  in  acquiring  a  knowledge  of 
the  ingredients  of  a  street  corn-salve.  "  Any- 
body," said  one  man,  "  that  understands  how  to 
ut  it,  can  get  the  recipe  for  Id"  Resin, 
1  lb.,  (costing  2d.) ;  tallow,  i  Ib.  (1 $<f.) ;  emerald 
green  (Id.)  ;  all  boiled  together.  The  emerald 
I  was  told,  was  to  "give  it  a  colour."  The 
.H  varied,  but  I  have  cited  the  most  usual 
mode  of  preparation.  Attempts  have  be< : 
to  give  an  aromatic  odour  to  the  salve,  but  all  the 
perfumes  within  the  knowledge,  or  rather  the 
means,  of  the  street-sellers,  were  overpowen  d  by 
the  resin  and  the  tallow,  "and  it  has,"  remarked 
one  dealer,  "  a  physicky  sort  of  smell  as  it  is, 
which  answers."  The  quantity  I  have  cited  would 
supply  a  sufficiency  "f  the  com-,. ••-:••  n  for  the 
taking  of  "a  sovereign  in  i  In  a 

werk  or  so  the  stuiT  becomes  discoloured 
from  dust,  and  has  to  be  re-boiled.     Some  of  the 
traders  illustrate  the  mode  of  applying  the  salve 
by  carrying  a  lighted  candle,  and  a  few  pieces  of 
leather,  and  showing  how  to  soften  the  composi- 
-••'1   spread  it  on  the  leather.     "  After  all, 
who  had  faith  in  the  virtues  of 
w  »treet-trader's  salve,  "  the  rrgular  thing, 
such  ..  <io  good  ;  I  cannot  say  ;  but  it 

likely  that  the  resin  will  draw  the  corn, 
jiut   as   people  apply  cobbler's    wax,  which   hat 
icmiftts  will  sell  jo«  something 
t»f  the  same  son  a* 

The  orncipal  purchasers  are  working  men,  who 


buy  in  the  streets,  and  occasionally  in  the  public- 
houses.  The  trade,  however,  becomes  less  and 
less  remunerative.  To  take  15*.  in  a  week  is  a 
good  week,  and  to  take  10s.  is  more  usual;  the 
higher  receipt  is  no  doubt  attributable  to  a  supe- 
rior patter  being  used,  as  men  will  give  Id.  to  be 
amused  by  this  street  work,  without  caring 
ab  'lit  the  nostrum.  Calculating  that  eight  of  the>« 
traders  take  10*.  weekly — so  allowing  for  the  fre- 
quent resort  of  the  patterers  to  anything  more  at- 
tractive— we  find  208/.  expended  in  the  streets  on 
this  salve.  The  profits  of  the  seller  are  about 
the  same  as  his  receipts,  for  240  pennyworths  can 
be  made  out  of  materials  costing  only  4 \d.  The 
further  outlay  necessary  to  this  street  profession  it 
a  tray  worth  1;.  or  Is.  6d.,  but  a  large  old  back- 
gammon board,  which  may  be  bought  at  the 
second-hand  shops  for  1*.  and  sometimes  for  6d.,  it 
more  frequently  used  by  the  street  purveyor!  of 
corn-salve. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  GLASS  AND  CDINA 
CEMENT,  AND  OF  RAZOR  PASTE. 

THE  sale  of  glass  and  china  cement  is  an  old  trade 
in  the  streets,  but  one  which  becomes  lest  and 
less  followed.  Before  the  finer  articles  of  crock- 
ery ware  became  cheap  as  they  are  now,  it  was  of 
importance  to  mend,  if  possible,  a  broken  dish  of 
better  quality,  and  of  more  importance  to  mend  a 
china  punch-bowl.  Dishes,  however,  are  now 
much  cheaper,  and  china  punch-bowls  are  no 
longer  an  indispensable  part  of  even  tavern  fes- 
tivity. 

The  sellers  of  this  cement  proclaim  it  as  one 
which  will  "cure  any  china,  stone,  or  < 
ware,  and  make  the  broken  parts  adhere  so  firmly, 
that  if  you  let  it  fall  again,  it  will  break,  not  at 
the  part  where  it  has  been  cemented,  but  at  tome 
other.  Only  a  halfpenny,  or  a  penny  a 
These  traders  sometimes  illustrate  the  adhesive 
•  i  of  the  composition  by  producing  a  plate 
or  dish  which  has  been  cemented  in  different 
placet,  and  letting  it  fall,  to  break  in 
hitherto  sound  part  This  they  usually 
in  doing.  For  the  cementing  of  glass  the  street 
is  now  perhaps  never  sold,  and  was  but 
scantily  sold,  I  am  informed,  at  any  time,  as  the 
junction  was  always  unsightly. 

:•••  are  now  :  cement 

in  the  streets,  one  usually  to  be  found  in  Wilder- 
nest- row,  Gotwell-etreet,  being,  perhaps,  the  on* 
who  carries  on  the  trade  most  regularly, 
all  make  their  own  cement ;  one  of  the  receipt* 
being-- lib.  shellac  (M.),  Jib.  brimstone 
blended  together  until  it  forms  a  thick  tort  of 
fine.  Tbit  quantity  makes  half acrown't- worth 
of  the  cement  for  the  purpoeet  of  retail.  The 
sellers  do  not  confine  themtelvet  to  one  locality, 
but  are  usually  to  be  found  in  one  or  other  of  the 
str^mark«U  on  a  Saturday  night  If  each  teller 

find  52/.  expended  yearly  by  ttreet  cMtomirs  in 

this 

mnder  this  head,  u  i 
S  than 

v  I  a 


t  :       ,  .,:   i 


e  war  paste 

:     Ml  M   11 


480 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  same  individual  sold  both  articles,  though  not 
at  the  same  time. 

There  are  twelve  street- sellers  of  razor-paste, 
but  they  seem  to  prefer  "working"  the  distant 
suburbs,  or  going  on  country  rounds,  as  there 
are  often  only  three  in  London.  It  is  still 
Tended,  I  am  told,  to  clerks,  who  use  it  to 
sharpen  their  pen-knives,  but  the  paste,  owing  to 
the  prevaleuce  of  the  use  of  steel  pens,  is  now 
almost  a  superfluity,  compared  to  what  it  was. 
It  is  bought  also,  and  frequently  enough  in  pu'blic- 
houses,  by  working  men,  as  a  means  of  "  setting*' 
their  razors.  The  vendors  make  the  paste  them- 
selves, except  two,  who  purchase  of  a  street- 
seller.  The  ingredients  are  generally  fuller's 
earth  (\d.),  hog's  lard  (Irf.),  and  emery  powder 
<ti'/.).  The  paste  is  sold  in  boxes  carried  on  a 
tray,  which  will  close  and  form  a  sort  of  case, 
like  a  backgammon  board.  The  quantity  I  have 
given  will  make  a  dozen  boxes  (each  sold  at  Id.), 
so  that  the  profit  is  Id.  in  the  !.«.,  for  to  the  id. 
paid  for  ingredients  must  be  added  !</.,  for  the 
cost  of  a  dozen  boxes.  The  paste  is  announced 
as  "  warranted  to  put  an  edge  to  a  razor  or  pen- 
knife superior  to  anything  ever  before  offered  to 
the  public."  The  street-sellers  offer  to  prove  this 
by  sharpening  any  gentleman's  pen-knife  on  the 
paste  spread  on  a  piece  of  soldier's  old  b.-h,  which 
sharpening,  when  required,  they  accomplish  readily 
enough.  One  of  these  paste-sellers,  I  was  told, 
had  been  apprenticed  to  a  barber ;  another  had 
li.-en  a  cutler,  the  remainder  are  of  the  ordinary 
cla,ss  of  street-sellers. 

Calculating  that  6  men  "  work"  the  metropolis 
daily,  taking  '2s.  each  per  day  (with  Is.  2d.  profit), 
we  find  1871.  the  amount  of  the  street  outlay. 

Or  THE  STRKET  SELLER  OF  CRACKERS  AND 

DETONATING  BALI,-;. 

Tins  trade,  I  am  informed  by  persons  familiar 
witli  it,  would  be  much  more  frequently  carried 
DM  by  stitvt-tolk,  and  in  much  greater  numbers, 
were*  it  not  the  one  which  of  all  street  callings  finds 
the  least  toleration  from  the  police.  "  You  must 
keep  your  ryes  on  both  corners  of  the  street,"  said 
•  •in-  man,  "  when  you  sell  crackers;  and  what  good 
is  it  the  police  stopping  us  1  The  boys  have  only 
to  go  to  a  shop,  and  then  it 's  all  right." 

The  trade  is  only  known  in  the  streets  at 
holiday  seasons,  and  is  principally  carried  on  for 
a  few  days  before  and  after  the  5th  of  November, 
ard  again  at  Christmas-tide.  "  Last  November  was 
good  for  crackers,"  said  one  man ;  "  it  was  either 
Guy  Faux  day,  or  the  day  before,  I  'm  not 
lure  which  now,  that  I  took  15*.,  and  nearly 
all  of  boys,  for  Waterloo  crackers  and  ball  crackers 
(the  common  trade  names),  '  Waterloo '  being 
the  '  pulling  crackers.'  At  least  three  parts  was 
ball  crackers.  I  sold  them  from  a  barrow,  wheel- 
ing it  about  as  if  it  was  hearthstone,  and  just 
saying  quietly  when  I  could,  '  Six  a  penny  crack- 
ers.' The  boys  soon  tell  one  another.  All  sorts 
bought  of  me  ;  doctors'  boys,  school  boys,  pages, 
boys  as  was  dressed  beautiful,  and  boys  as  hadn't 
neither  shoes  nor  stockings.  It's  sport  for  them 
fill."  The  same  man  told  me  he  did  well  at  what 


he  called  "last  Poram  fair,"  clearing  13*.  6d  in 
three  days,  or  rather  evenings  or  nights.  "  Poram 
fair,  sir,"  he  said,  "  is  a  sort  of  feast  among  the 
Jews,  always  three  weeks  I  've  heard,  afore  their 
Passover,  and  I  then  work  "Whitechapel  and  all 
that  way." 

I  inquired  of  a  man  who  had  carried  on  this 
street  trade  for  a  good  many  years,  it  might  be 
ten  or  twelve,  if  he  had  noticed  the  uses  to  which 
his  boy-customers  put  his  not  very  innocent 
wares,  and  he  entered  readily  into  the  subject. 

"  Why,  sir,"  he  said,  "  they  're  not  all  boy- 
customers,  as  you  call  them,  but  they  're  far  the 
most.  I  've  sold  to  men,  and  often  to  drunken 
men.  What  larks  there  is  with  the  ball-crackers  ! 
One  man  lost  his  eye  at  Stepney  Fair,  but  that 's 
6  or  7  years  ago,  from  a  lark  with  crackers.  The 
rights  of  it  I  never  exactly  understood,  but  I 
know  he  lost  his  eye,  from  the  dry  gravel  in  the 
ball-cracker  bouncing  into  it.  But  it's  the  boys 
as  is  fondest  of  crackers.  I  sold  'em  all  last 
Christmas,  and  made  my  &».  and  better  on  Boxing- 
day.  I  was  sold  out  before  6  ociock,  as  I  had  a 
regular  run  at  last — just  altogether.  After  that, 
I  saw  one  lad  go  quietly  behind  a  poor  lame  old 
woman  and  pull  a  Waterloo  close  behind  her  ear; 
he  was  a  biggish  boy  and  tidily  dressed;  and  the 
old  body  screamed,  '  I  'm  shot.'  She  turned  about, 
and  the  boy  says,  says  he,  '  Does  your  grand- 
mother know  you  're  out?  It 's  a  improper  thing, 
so  it  is,  for  you  to  be  walking  out  by  yoi.rsflf.' 
You  should  have  seen  her  passion  !  But  as  she 
was  screaming  out,  '  You  saucy  wagabone  !  You 
boys  is  all  wagabones.  People  can't  pass  for  you. 
I  '11  give  you  in  charge,  I  will,"  the  lad  was  off 
like  a  shot. 

"  But  one  of  the  primest  larks  I  ever  saw  that 
way  was  last  winter,  in  a  street  by  Short-ditch. 
An  old  snob  that  had  a  bulk  was  making  it  all 
right  for  the  night,  and  a  lad  goes  up.  1  don't 
know  what  he  said  to  the  old  boy,  but  I  saw  him 
poke  something,  a  last  I  think  it  was,  against  the 
candle,  put  it  out,  and  then  run  off.  In  a  minute, 
three  or  four  lads  that  was  ready,  let  fly  at  the  bulk 
with  their  ball-crackers,  and  there  was  a  clatter 
<is  if  the  old  snob  had  tumbled  down,  and  knocked 
his  lasts  down;  hut  he  soon  had  his  head  out — 
he  was  Irish,  I  think — and  he  first  set  up  a  roar 
like  a  Smith  field  bull,  and  he  shouts,  'I'm  kilt 
intirely  wid  the  murthering  pistols!  Po— lice! 
Po— o-lice  ! '  He  seemed  taken  quite  by  surprise 
— for  they  was  capital  crackers — I  think  he 
couldn  't  have  been  used  to  bulks,  or  he  would 
have  been  used  to  pel  ting;  but  how  he  did  bellow, 
surely. 

"  I  think  it  was  that  same  night  too,  I  saw  a 
large  old  man,  buttoned  up,  but  seeming  ns  if  he 
was  fine-dressed  for  a  party,  in  a  terrible  way  in  the 
Commercial-road.  I  lived  near  there  then.  There 
was  three  boys  afore  me — and  very  well  they  did  it 
— one  of  'em  throws  a  ball-cracker  bang  at  the  old 
gent's  feet,  just  behind  him,  and  makes  him  jump 
stunning,  and  the  boy  walks  on  with  his  lian<K-  in 
his  pocket,  as  if  he  know'd  nothing  ab 
Just  after  that  another  boy  does  the  KUIK-.  and 
then  the  t'other  boy;  and  the  old  geni— Lord, 


LONDON  LAKVVK  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


4SI 


how  he  swore  !  It  was  shocking  in  such  a  re- 
ipectable  mar,  as  I  told  him,  when  he  said,  I'd 
crackered  him  !  '  Me  cracker  you,'  says  I  ;  '  it  'ud 
look  better  if  you  'd  have  offered  to  treat  a  poor 
fellow  to  a  pint  of  beer  with  ginger  in  it,  and  the 
chill  off,  than  talk  such  nonsense.'  As  we  was 
having  this  jaw,  one  of  the  boys  comes  back  and 
lets  rly  again  ;  and  the  old  gent  saw  how  it  was, 
and  he  says,  '  Now,  if  you  '11  run  after  that  lad, 
and  give  him  a  d  -  d  good  hiding,  you  shall 
have  the  beer.'  '  Money  down,  sir,'  says  I,  *  if 
you  mean  honour  bright;'  but  he  grumbled  some- 
thing, and  walked  away.  I  saw  him  soon  after, 
talking  to  a  Bobby,  so  I  made  ashort  cut  home." 

At  the  fairs  near  London  there  is  a  consider- 
able sale  of  these  combustibles;  and  they  are 
often  displayed  on  large  stalls  in  the  fair.  They 
famish  the  means  of  practical  jokes  to  the  people 
on  their  return.  "  After  last  Whitsun  Greenwich 
Fair,"  said  a  street-seller  to  me,  I  saw  a  gent  in  a 
white  choker,  like  a  parson,  look  in  at  a  pastry- 
cook's shop,  as  is  jist  by  the  Elephant  (and  Castle), 
a-waiting  for  a  'bus,  I  s'pose.  There  was  an  old 
oman  with  a  red  face  standing  near  him  ;  and  I 
•aw  a  lad,  very  quick,  pin  something  to  one's 
ci»at  and  the  t  'other's  eown.  They  turned  jist 
uid  bang  goes  a  Waterloo,  and  they  looks 
savage  one  at  another;  and  hup  comes  that  in- 
dentical  boy,  and  he  says  to  the  red  faced  'oman, 
a  pointing  to  the  white  choker,  '  Marm,  I  seed 
him  a  twiddling  with  your  gown.  He  done  it  for 
a  lark  arter  the  fair,  and  ought  to  stand  some- 
thing.' So  the  parson,  if  he  were  a  parson, 
walked  away." 

There  are  eight  makers,  I  am  told,  who  supply 
the  street-sellers  and  the  small  shops  with  these 
crackers.  The  wholesale  price  is  4<£.  to  6d.  a  gross, 
the  "cracker-balls"  being  the  dearest.  The  retail 
price  in  the  streets  is  from  six  to  twelve  a  penny, 
according  to  the  appearance  and  eagerness  of  the 
purchaser.  Some  street  traders  carry  these  com- 
modities on  trays,  and  very  few  are  stationary, 
except  at  fairs.  I  am  assured,  that  for  a  few 
days  last  November,  from  50  to  60  men  and 
women  were  selling  crackers  in  the  streets,  of 
course  "  on  the  sly."  In  so  irregular  and  sur- 
reptitious a  trade,  it  is  not  possible  even  to  ap- 
proximate to  statistics.  The  most  intelligent  nun 
that  I  met  with,  acquainted,  as  he  called  it, 
44  with  all  the  ins  and  outs  of  the  trade,"  calcu- 
lated that  in  November  and  Christmas,  1001.  at 
least  was  expended  in  the  streets  in  these  com- 
bustibles, and  another  1002.  in  the  other  parts  of 
Tower-hill,  Katcliff-highway  (or 
iiirhway,"  na  street  sellers  often  call  it),  and 
md  Shadwell,  the  sale  of  crackers  is 
the  best.  The  tollers  are  the  ordinary  street- 
tellers,  and  no  patter  is  required. 


MB  STRKET-SILLK.RS  or 

UXDKR  this  head  I  shall  speak  only  of  those  who 

net,  apart  from  thoae  who,  in  jproAW* 

fer  boxes,  mix  np  trade  with  mendicancy. 

.M  I  have  spoken  of,  and  shall  \n-at 

of  thru.  „  ,,r,-  fully  under  the  bead  of  "  the  Lon- 


Until  "  lucifen  "  became  cheap  and  in  general 
use,  the  matches  sold  by  the  street-folks,  and  there 
wre  numbers  in  the  trade,  were  usually  prepared 
by  themselves.  The  manufactures  were  simple 
enough.  Wooden  splints,  twice  or  thrice  the 
length  of  the  lucifer  matches  now  in  use,  were 
prepared,  and  dipped  into  brimstone,  melted  in  an 
iron  ladle.  The  matches  were  never,  as  now, 
self-igniting,  or  rather  i^ni table  by  rapid  friction  ; 
but  it  was  necessary  to  "strike  a  light"  by  the 
concussion  of  a  flint  and  steel,  the  sparks  from 
which  were  communicated  to  tinder  kept  in  a 
"  box." 

The  brimstone  match-sellers  were  of  all  ages, 
but  principally,  I  am  told,  old  people.  Many  of 
them  during,  and  for  some  years  atter  the  war, 
wore  tattered  regimentals,  or  some  remains  of 
military  paraphernalia,  and  had  been,  or  assumed 
to  have  been,  soldiers,  but  not  entitled  to  a  pen- 
sion;  the  same  with  seamen.  I  inqu: 
some  of  the  present  race  of  match-sellers  what 
became  of  the  "  old  brimstones,"  as  I  heard  them 
called,  but  from  them  I  could  gain  little  inform- 
ation. An  old  groundsel-gatherer  told  me  that 
some  went  into  his  trade.  Others,  I  learned, 
"  took  to  pins,"  and  others  to  song  or  tract  selling. 
Indeed  the  brimstone  match-sellers  not  unfre- 
quently  carried  a  few  songs  to  vend  with  their 
matches.  It  must  be  borne  in  mind  that,  15 
years  ago,  those  street  trade*,  into  which  any  one 
who  is  master  of  a  few  pence  can  now  embark, 
were  less  numerous.  Others  of  the  match-sellers, 
with  rounds,  or  being  known  men,  displaced  their 
"  brimstones  "  for  "  lucifers,"  and  traded  on  as 
usual.  I  heard  of  one  old  man,  now  dead,  who 
made  a  living  on  brimstone-matches  by  selling  a 
good  quantity  in  Hackney,  Stoke  Newington,  and 
Islington,  and  who  long  refused  to  sell  luciu-r- 
matches;  "they  was  new-fangled  rubbish,"  i> 
"  and  would  soon  have  their  day."  Ho  found  his 
customers,  however,  fall  off,  and  in  apprehension 
of  losing  them  all,  he  was  compelled  to  move  with 
the  times. 

"I  believe,  sir,"  said  one  man,  still  a  street- 

seller,  but  not  having  sold  matches  of  any  kind 

for    years,— "I    believe    I    was    the    first   who 

hawked  '  Congrvves,'  or  '  instantaneous  1  . 

they  weren't  called  '  luoifers  '   for  a  good  while 

I  bought  them  at  Mr.  Jones's  light- bouse  in 

the  Strand,  and  if  I  remember  right,  for  it  mu.t 

re  than  20  years  ago,  between  18X0  and 

1830,  Mr.  Jones  had  a  patent  somehow  about 

them.     I  bought  them  at  It.  a  doten  boxes,  and 

•old  them  at  1*.  a  box.     I  'in  not  sure  how  ntany 

matches  was  in  a  box,  but  I   think  it  was  100. 

get  as  much  for  a  arthing  now,  as  you 

lighted   by  being  drawn   quickly  through  sand- 

paper.     I  sold  thorn  for  a  twelvemonth,  and  had 

the  trade  all  <  A •  (kr  as  I  know,  I  bad; 

vcr  met  with  »r  heard  of  anybody  clot  in 

it  all  f  POSOl 

cleared  my  15*.  a  week.    The  price  kept  the  earns 

i  WM  in  the  business.     I  sold  thon  « 
....       ; 
street,  I  remember,  ind  \L»  better  tort  of  shop* 


482 


LONDON  LABOUR' AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


People  liked  them  when  they  wanted  to  light  a 
candle  in  a  hurry,  in  places  where  there  was  no 
fire  to  seal  a  letter,  or  such  like.  There  was  no 
envelopes  in  them  days.  The  penny-postage 
brought  them  in.  I  was  sometimes  told  not  to 
carry  such  things  there  again,  as  they  didn't  want 
the  house  set  on  fire  by  keeping  such  dangerous 
things  in  it.  Now,  I  suppose,  lucifers  are  in  every 
house,  and  that  there 's  not  a  tinder-box  used  in 
all  London."  Such  appears  to  have  been  the 
beginning  of  the  extensive  street-trade  in  these 
chemical  preparations  now  carried  on.  At  the 
twelvemonth's  end,  my  informant  went  into  an- 
other line  of  business. 

The  "German  Congreves"  were  soon  after  in- 
troduced, and  were  at  first  sold  wholesale  at  the 
"English  and  German"  svrag-shops  in  Hounds- 
ditch,  at  25.  the  dozen  boxes,  and  were  retailed 
at  Zd.,  4d.,  and  sometimes  as  high  as  6d.  the  box. 
These  matches,  I  am  told,  "  kept  their  hold " 
about  five  years,  when  they  ceased  to  be  a  portion 
of  the  street  trade.  The  German  Congreves  were 
ignited  by  being  drawn  along  a  slip  of  sand- 
paper, at  the  bottom  of  the  box,  as  is  done  at 
present;  with  some,  however,  a  double  piece  of 
sand-paper  was  sold  for  purposes  of  igniting. 

After  this  time  cheaper  and  cheaper  matches 
were  introduced,  and  were  sold  in  the  streets  im- 
mediately on  their  introduction.  At  first,  the 
cheaper  matches  had  an  unpleasant  smell,  and 
could  hardly  be  kept  in  a  bed-room,  but  that  wax 
obviated,  and  the  trade  progressed  to  its  present 
extent. 

The  lucifer-match  boxes,  the  most  frequent  in 
the  street-trade,  are  bought  by  the  poor  persons 
selling  them  in  the  streets,  at  the  manufacturers, 
or  at  oil-shops,  for  a  number  of  oilmen  buy  largely 
of  the  manufacturers,  and  can  "supply  the  trade" 
at  the  same  rate  as  the  manufacturer.  The  price 
is  2\d.  the  dozen  boxes,  each  box  containing  150 
matches.  Some  of  the  boxes  (German  made)  are 
round,  and  many  used  to  be  of  tin,  but  these  are 
rarely  seen  now.  The  prices  are  proportionate. 
The  common  price  of  a  lucifer  box  in  the  streets 
is  .}(/.,  but  many  buyers,  I  am  told,  insist  upon 
and  obtain  three  a  penny,  which  they  do  generally 
of  some  one  who  supplies  them  regularly.  The 
trade  is  chiefly  itinerant. 

One  feeble  old  man  gave  me  the  following 
account  of  his  customers.  He  had  been  in  the 
employ  of  market-gardeners,  carmen,  and  others, 
whose  business  necessitated  the  use  of  carts  and 
horses.  In  his  old  age  he  was  unable  to  do  any 
hard  work  ;  he  was  assisted,  however,  by  his 
family,  especially  by  one  son  living  in  the 
country  ;  he  had  a  room  in  the  house  of  a  daugh- 
ter, who  was  a  widow,  but  his  children  were 
only  working  people,  with  families,  he  said,  and  so 
he  sold  a  few  lucifers  "  as  a  help,"  and  to  have 
the  comfort  of  a  bit  of  tobacco,  and  buy  an  old 
thing  in  the  way  of  clothing  without  troubling 
any  one.  Out  of  his  earnings,  too,  he  paid  6d.  a 
week  for  the  schooling  of  one  of  his  daughter's 
children. 

"  I  sell  these  lucifers,  sir,"  he  said,  in  answer 
to  my  inquiries,  "  I  never  beg  with  them  :  I  'd 


scorn  it.  My  children  help  me,  as  I  've  told  you; 
I  did  my  best  for  them  when  I  was  able,  and  BO 
I  have  a  just  sort  of  claim  on  them.  Well, 
indeed,  then,  sir,  as  you  ask  me,  if  I  had  only 
myself  to  depend  upon,  why  I  couldn't  live.  I 
must  beg  or  go  into  the  house,  and  I  don't  know 
which  I  should  take  to  worst  at  72.  I've  been 
selling  lucifers  about  five  years,  for  I  was  worn 
out  with  hard  work  and  rheumatics  when  I  was 
65  or  66.  I  go  regular  rounds,  about  2  miles  in  a 
day,  or  2.j,  or  if  it's  fine  3  miles  or  more  from 
where  I  live,  and  the  same  distance  back,  for  I 
can  sometimes  walk  middling  if  I  can  do  nothing 
else.  I  carry  my  boxes  tied  up  in  a  handker- 
chief, and  hold  2  or  3  in  my  hand.  I  'in  ashamed 
to  hold  them  out  on  any  rail  where  I  aint  known ; 
and  never  do  if  there  isn't  a  good-humoured 
looking  person  to  be  seen  below,  or  through  the 
kitchen  window.  But  my  eyesight  aint  good, 
and  I  make  mistakes,  and  get  snapped  up  very 
short  at  times.  Yesterday,  now,  I  was  lucky 
in  my  small  way.  There's  a  gentleman,  that  if  I 
can  see  him,  I  can  always  sell  boxes  to  at  Id. 
a  piece.  That's  his  price,  he  says,  and  he  takes 
no  change  if  I  offer  it.  I  saw  him  yesterday  at 
his  own  door,  and  says  he,  '  Well,  old  greybeard, 

1  haven't  seen  you  for  a  long  time.     Here  's  1.?., 
leave  a  dozen  boxes.'     I  told  him  I  had  only  11 
left ;  but  he  said,  '  0,  it 's  all  the  same,'  and  he 
told  a  boy  that  was  crossing  the  hall  to  take  them 
into  the   kitchen,    and   we  soon  could  hear  the 
housekeeper  grumbling  quite  loud — perhaps  she 
didn't  know  her  master  could  hear — about  being 
bothered  with  rubbish  that  people  took  in  master 
with  ;  and  the  gentleman  shouts  out,   '  Some  of 

you  stop  that  old  mouth,  will  you  ]     She 

wants  a  profit  out  of  them  in  her  bills.'     All  was 
quiet  then,  and  he  says  to  me  quite  friendly,  '  If 
she   wasn't  the  best  cook  in  London  I  'd   have 
quitted  her  long  since,  by  G — .'"     The  old  man 
chuckled  no  little  as  he  related  this;  he  then  went 
on,  "  He 's  a  swearing  man,  but  a  good  man,  I'm 
sure,  and  I  don't  know  why  he's  so  kind  to  me. 
Perhaps  he  is  to  others.     I  'm  ashamed  to  hold 
my  boxes  to  the  ary  rails,  'cause  so  many  does 
that  to  beg.     I  sell  lucifers  both  to  mistresses  and 
maids.     Some  will  have  3  for  a  Id.,  and  though 
it's  a  poor  profit,  I  do  it,  for  they  say,  '  0,  if  you 
come  this  way  constant,  we  '11  buy  of  you  when- 
ever  we  want.      If  you  won't  give  3  a  penny, 
there's  plenty  will.'     I  sell,  too,  in  some  small 
streets,  Lisson-grove  way,  to  women  that  see  me 
from  their  windows,  and  come  down  to  the  door. 
They  're  needle- workers  I  think.  They  say  some- 
times, '  I  'm  glad  I  've  seen  you,  for  it  saves  me 
the  trouble  of  running  out.' 

"  Well,  sir,  I  'm  sure  I  hardly  know  how  many 
boxes  I  sell.     On  a  middling   good  day  I  sell 

2  dozen,  on  a  good  day  3  dozen,  on  a  bad  day 
not  a   dozen,    sometimes   not   half-a-dozen,   and 
sometimes,  but    not    often,    not    more     than    a 
couple.     Then   in    bad  weather  I  don't   go  out, 
and  time  hangs  very  heavy  if  it  isn't  a  Monday  ; 
for   every   Monday   I   buy   a    threepenny  paper 
of  a  newsman  for  Id.,  and  read  it  as  well  as  I 
can   with  my  old  eyes  and  glasses,  and  get  mj 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


483 


daughter  to  read  a  bit  to  me  in  the  evening,  am 
day  I  send  the  paper  to  my  son  in  th 
country,  and  so  save  him  buying  one.  As  well  a 
I  can  toll  I  sell  about  9  dozen  boxes  a  week,  one 
week  with  another,  and  clear  from  2s.  to  2s.  6d 
It's  employment  for  me  as  well  as  a  help." 

It  is  not  easy  to  estimate  the  precise  number  o 

persons  who  really  sell  lucifer  matches  as  a  means 

of  subsistence,  or  as  a  principal  means.      There 

are  many,  especially  girls  and  women,   the  ma 

being    Irishwomen,   who   do   not   directly 

solicit  charity,  and  do  not  even  say,  "  Buy  a  box 

of  lucifers  from  a   poor  creature,   to   get  her  a 

ha>>rth  of  bread  :''  or,  "  please  a  bit  of  broken 

victuals,  it'  it 's  only  cold  potatoes,  for  a  box  of  the 

>icifers."     Yet  these   match-sellers   look  so 

imploringly  doivn  an   area,  or   through  a  window 

"  shouldering  "  a  young  child  the  while,  and 

renriin  there  so  pertinaciously  that  a  box  is  bought, 

or  a  halfpenny  given,  often  merely  to  get  rid  of 

the  applicant. 

An  intelligent  man.  a  street-seller,  and  familiar 
with  street-trading  generally,  whom  I  questioned 
on  the  subject,  said  : ''  It 's  really  hard  to  tell,  sir, 
but  I  should  calculate  this  way.  It's  the  real 
sellers  you  ask  about ;  them  as  tries  to  live  on 
their  selling  lucifers,  or  as  their  main  support.  I 
have  worked  London  and  the  outside  places — yes, 
ri  the  suburbs — in  ten  rounds,  or  districts,  but 
•ix  is  better,  for  you  can  then  go  the  same  round  the 
came  day  next  week,  and  so  get  known.  The  real 
sellers,  in  my  opinion,  is  old  men  and  women  out 
of  employ,  or  past  work,  and  to  beg  they  are 
ashamed.  I  've  read  the  Bible  you  see,  sir,  though 
I  've  had  too  much  to  do  with  gay  persons  even  to 
go  to  church.  I  should  say  that  in  each  of  those 
ten  rounds,  or  at  any  rate,  splicing  one  with 
another,  was  twenty  person*  rvally  selling  luci- 
fers. Yes.  and  depending  a  good  deal  upon  them, 
for  they  're  an  ea*y  carnage  for  an  infirm  body, 
and  us  ready  a  sale  as  most  things.  I  don't 
reckon  them  as  begs,  or  whines,  or  sticks  to  a 
house  for  an  hour,  but  them  MS  sells;  in  my 
JOO,  and  no  more.  All  the 
(lodges,  in  one  way  or  other,  on  pity  and 
charity.  There's  one  lurk  that's  getting  common 
now.  A  man  well  dressed,  and  very  clean,  and 
wearing  gloves,  knocks  at  a  door,  and  asks  to 
tpeak  to  the  master  or  mistiess.  If  he  succeeds, 
.1  as  if  lie  was  ashamed,  and 
I  pull*  <>ut  of  his  coat-p<»cket  a  luci: 
or  two,  and  asks,  as  a  favour,  to  be  allowed  to  sell 
one,  a-  .cumstances  drive  him  to  do  so. 

;:   I   don't  reckon  him  a  seller, 
for  he  baa  always  tome  story  <>r  otln -r  to  tell, 
thut's    all    a  fakement"      Most  dwellers   in   a 
will    have  met   with  one  of  these  well- 

. 

Adopting  my   informant's  c.V  >1  rap- 

that  each  of  these  traders  take,  on  i 
•lone,  but  4*.  weekly,  selling  nine  dozen 

i  1*.  Gd.  to  2t.  «'.' 

nod  2080/.  •  this  way.      The  match** 

arr  sold  alto  at  stalls,  with  other  article.. 
*«r«t  markets,  and  elsewhere;  but  this  traffic,  I 
•n  told,  becomes  nailer,  and  only  amount*  to  oae- 


tenth  of  the  amount  I  have  specified  as  taken  by 
itinerants.  These  street-sellers  reside  in  all  parta 
of  town  which  I  have  before  specified  as  t!.< 
quarters  of  the  poor. 

0»  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  CIOAE  LIGHTS, 

OR  FUZEES. 

THIS  is  one  of  the  employments  to  which  boys, 
whom  neglect,  ill-treatment,  destitution,  or  a 
vagrant  disposition,  have  driven  or  lured  to  a 
street  life,  seem  to  resort  to  almost  as  readily  as  to 
the  offers,"  "Old  your'os,  sirl  "Shall  I  carry 
your  passel,  marm  1 " 

The  trifling  capital  required  to  enter  into  the 
business  is  one  cause  of  its  numbering  mai 
lowers.  The  "  fuzees,"  as  I  most  frequently  heard 
them  called,  are  sold  at  the  "Congreve  .-: 
and  are  chiefly  German  made.  At  one  time,  in- 
deed, they  were  announced  as  "  German  tinder." 
The  wholesale  charge  is  i\d.  per  1000  "  lights." 
The  1000  lights  are  apportioned  into  fifty  rows, 
each  of  twenty  self-igniting  matches;  and  these 
11  rows"  are  sold  in  the  streets,  one  or  two 
"or  £rf.,  and  two,  three,  or  four  Id,  It  is  com- 
mon enough  for  a  juvenile  fuzee-seller  to  buy  only 
500  ;  so  that  2Jrf.  supplies  his  stock  in  trade. 

The  boys  (for  the  majority  of  the  street-traders 
who  sell  only  fusees,  are  boys)  frequent  the  ap- 
>roaches   to  the  steam-boat   piers,   the   omnibus 
stands,  and   whatever  places  are  resorted  to  by 
>ersons  who  love  to  smoke  in  the  open  air.    Some 
of  these  young  traders    have   neither  ihoes  nor 
stockings,  more  especially  the  Irish  lads,  who  are 
at  least  half  the  number,  and  their  apology  for  a 
,p    fully  displays    the   large   red  ears,  and   flat 
eatnn-.s,  which  seem  to  distinguish  a  class  of  the 
risli  children   in   the  streets  of  London.     Some 
ri.-h  hoys  hold  out  their   rod-tipped   fuzees  with 
.'.ing  look,   meant  to  be  plaintive,  and  say, 
n   a     whinini:   tone,    "Spend  a  halfpenny  on  a 

;ir    honour."         Other* 

without  any  appealing  look  or  tone,  either  in  si- 
ence,   or    saying — "  Buy   a   futee  to 
jipe  or  cigar,  sir ;  a  row  of  lights  for  a  ^d." 
met  with  one  Irish  boy,  of  thirteen  or 
teen  years  of  age,  who  was  offering  fusees  to  the 
MTCOIIS  Chalk    Farm    fair   on    1 

uesday,  but  the  rain  kept  away  many  vi> 
nd  thr  II. 

was  literally  •  r  his  skin,  shining  with 

tie  rain,  could  be  seen  about  his  arms  and  knees) 
the  slits  of  his  thin  corduroy  jacket  and 
trowsers,  and  he  wore  no  shirt. 

It's  oranges  I  sell  in  ginnil,  your  honour,"  bo 
said,  "..  oimnges  I  hopes  to  b« 

week,  place  God.  1< 

he  is  too—wanted  to  make  a  grand  show  for 
Aister  wnk-,  and  tuk  the  money  to  do  it,  and  put 
roe  on  the  fuiees.  It's  the  ti  -I ling 

our  honour.     8Be  thought  I  might  be  after 
A  male's  mate  '  (meal's  ti. 

the  sorra  a  male  III  make  to  day 
t  tuk  mi.       I 


making  a  male's  mate  '  (meal's  meat)  "out  of  them, 

•    1 
•t  me  a  fardin,  for  1  haven' 

PHfcil '.    «.-.'   rj>   : <      lu,,«'.,,u* 


•  to  be  hungry  we  are.     I  *• 


484 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  T11K  LONDON  POOR. 


•ould  fuzeea  before,  when  ingans,  and  nuts,  and 
oranges  was  dear  and  not  for  the  poor  to  buy, 
hut  I  niver  did  so  bad  as  to-day.  A  gintleman 
once  said  to  me  :  '  Here,  Pat,  yer  sowl,  you  look 
hungry.  Here's  a  thirteener  for  yez;  go  and  get 
drunk  wid  it.'  Och,  no,  your  honour,  he  wasn't 
an  Irish  gintleman  ;  it  was  afther  mocking  me  he 
was,  God  save  him."  On  my  asking  the  boy  if 
he  felt  hurt  at  this  mockery,  he  answered,  slily, 
with  all  his  air  of  simplicity,  "Sure,  thin,  wasn't 
there  the  shillin'  1  For  it  was  a  shillin'  he  gave 
me,  glory  be  to  God.  No,  I  niver  heard  it  called 
a  thirteener  before,  but  mother  has.  Och,  thin, 
sir,  indeed,  and  it 's  could  and  wet  I  am.  I  have 
a  new  shirt,  as  was  giv  to  mother  for  me  by  a 
lady,  but  I  wouldn't  put  it  on  sich  a  day  as  this, 
your  honour,  sir.  I'll  go  to  mass  in  it  ivery 
Sunday.  I've  made  6d.  a  day  and  sometimes 
more  a  sellin'  fuzees,  wid  luck,  God  be  praised, 
but  the  bad  wither 's  put  me  out  intirely  this 
time." 

The  fuzee-sellers  frequently  offer  their  wares  at 
the  bars  of  public-houses  in  the  daytime,  and 
sometimes  dispose  of  them  to  those  landlords  who 
sell  cigars.  From  the  best  information  I  can  com- 
mand there  are  now  upwards  of  200  persons 
selling  fuzees  in  the  streets  of  the  metropolis.  But 
the  trade  is  often  collateral.  The  cigar-seller  offers 
fuzees,  play-bill  sellers  (boys)  do  so  sometimes  at 
the  doors  of  the  theatres  to  persons  coming  out, 
the  pipe-sellers  also  carry  them ;  they  are  some- 
times sold  along  with  lucifer  matches,  and  at 
miscellaneous  stalls.  It  will,  1  believe,  be  accurate 
to  state  that  in  the  streets  there  are  generally 
100  persons  subsisting,  or  endeavouring  to  subsist, 
on  the  sale  of  fuzees  alone.  It  may  be  estimated 
also  that  each  of  these  traders  averages  a  receipt 
of  lOrf.  a  day  (with  a  profit  exceeding  6rf.),  so 
that  1300/.  is  yearly  laid  out  in  the  street*  in  this 
way. 

Of  the  fuzee-selling  lads,  those  who  are  parent- 
less,  or  runaway,  sleep  in  the  lodging-houses,  in 
the  better  conducted  of  which  the  master  or  deputy 
takes  charge  of  the  stock  of  fuzees  or  lucifer- 
matrhes  during  the  night  to  avert  the  risk  of  fire; 
in  others  these  combustibles  are  stowed  anywhere 
at  the  discretion,  or  indiscretion,  of  the  lodgers. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  GUTTA-PWWHA 

HEADS. 

THERE  are  many  articles  which,  having  become 
cheap  in  the  shops,  find  their  way  to  the  street- 
traders,  and  after  a  brief,  or  comparatively  brief, 
and  prosperous  trade  has  been  carried  on  in  them, 
gradually  disappear.  These  are  usually  things 
which  are  grotesque  or  amusing,  but  of  no  utility, 
and  they  are  supplanted  by  some  more  attractive 
novelty — a  main  attraction  being  that  it  is  a 
novelty. 

Among  such  matters  of  street-trade  are  the 
elastic  toys  called  "  gutta-percha  heads  ;"  these, 
however,  have  no  gutta-percha  in  their  composition, 
but  consist  solely  of  a  composition  made  of 
glue  and  treacle — the  same  as  is  used  for  printer's 
rollers.  The  heads  are  small  coloured  models  of 
thj  human  face,  usually  with  projecting  nose  and 


chin,  and  wide  or  distorted  mouth,  which  admit 
of  being  squeezed  into  a  different  form  of  fea- 
tures, their  elasticity  causing  them  to  return  to 
the  original  caste.  The  trade  carried  on  in  the 
streets  in  these  toys  was  at  one  time  extensive, 
but  it  seems  now  to  be  gradually  disappearing. 
On  a  fine  day  a  little  after  noon,  last  week,  there 
was  not  one  "head"  exposed  for  sale  in  any  of 
the  four  great  street  markets  of  Leather-lane,  the 
Brill,  Totteuham-court-road  including  the  Hamp- 
stead-road,  and  High-street,  Camden-town. 

The  trade  became  established  in  the  streets  up- 
wards of  two  years  ago.  At  first,  I  am  told  by  a 
street-seller,  himself  one  of  the  first,  there  were 
six  "  head-sellers,"  who  "  worked"  the  parks  and 
their  vicinity.  My  informant  one  day  sold  a  gross 
of  heads  in  and  about  Hyde-park,  and  a  more 
fortunate  fellow-trader  on  the  same  day  sold  1£ 
gross.  The  heads  were  recommended,  whenever 
opportunity  offered,  by  a  little  patter.  "  Here," 
one  man  used  to  say,  •'  here  's  the  Duke  of  Wel- 
lington's head  for  Id.  It's  modelled  from  the 
statty  on  horseback,  but  is  a  improvement.  His 
nose  speaks  for  itself.  Sir  Robert  Peel's  only  Id. 
Anybody  you  please  is  Id. ;  a  free  choice  and 
no  favour.  The  Queen  and  all  the  Royal  Family 
Id.  apiece."  As  the  street-seller  offered  to  dis- 
pose of  the  model  of  any  eminent  man's  head  and 
face,  he  held  up  some  one  of  the  most  grotesque 
of  the  number.  Another  man  one  Saturday 
evening  sold  five  or  six  dozen  to  costermongers 
and  others  in  the  street  markets  "  pattering"  them 
off  as  the  likenesses  of  any  policeman  who  might 
be  obnoxious  to  the  street-traders  !  This  was 
when  the  trade  was  new.  The  number  of  sellers 
was  a  dozen  in  the  second  week  ;  it  was  soon 
twenty-five,  all  confining  themselves  to  the  sale  of 
the  heads;  besides  these  the  heads  were  offered  to 
the  street-buying  public  by  many  of  the  stationary 
street-folk,  whose  stock  partook  of  a  miscellaneous 
character.  The  men  carrying  on  this  traffic  were 
of  the  class  of  general  street-sellers. 

"  The  trade  was  spoiled,  sir,"  said  an  informant, 
"  by  so  many  going  into  it,  but  I  've  heard  that 
it  '•  not  bad  in  parts  of  the  country  now.  The 
sale  was  always  best  in  the  parks,  I  believe,  and 
Sundays  was  the  best  days.  I  don't  pretend  to 
be  learned  about  religion,  but  I  know  that  many 
a  time  after  I  'd  earned  next  to  nothing  in  a  wet 
week,  it  came  a  fine  Sunday  morning,  and  I 
took  as  much  as  got  me  and  my  wife  and 
children  a  good  dinner  of  meat  and  potatoes,  and 
sometimes,  when  we  could  depend  on  it,  smoking 
hot  from  the  baker's  oven  ;  and  I  then  felt  I  had 
something  to  thank  (iod  for.  You  see,  sir,  when 
a  man's  been  out  all  the  week,  and  often  with 
nothing  to  call  half  a  dinner,  and  his  wife's  earn- 
ings only  a  few  pence  by  sewing  at  home,  with 
three  young  children  to  take  care  of,  you  're 
nourished  and  comforted,  and  your  strength  keeps 
up,  by  a  meat  dinner  on  a  Sunday,  quietly  in 
your  own  room.  But  them  as  eats  their  dinnei 
without  having  to  earn  it,  can't  understand  about 
that,  and  as  the  Sunday  park  trade  was  stopped, 
the  police  drive  us  about  like  dogs,  not  gentle- 
men's dogs,  but  stray  or  mad  dogs.  And  il 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  T.OXDON  POOR. 


teems  tht  re  's  some  sort  of  a  new  police.  1  can't 
understand  a  bit  of  it,  and  I  don't  want  to,  for 
the  old  police  is  trouble  enough." 

The  gutta-percha  heads  are  mostly  bought  at  the 
"  English  and  German  "  swag-shops.  A  few  are 
made  by  the  men  who  sell  them  in  the  streets. 
The  "swag"  price  is  Is.  the  gross;  at  OIK'  time 
the  swag  man  demurred  to  sell  less  than  half  a 
gross,  but  now  when  the  demand  is  diminished,  a 
doxen  is  readily  supplied  for  Sd.  The  street 
price  retail,  is  and  always  was  ]d.  a  head.  The 
principal  purchasers  in  the  street  are  boys  and 
men,  with  a  few  tradesmen  or  working 
people,  "  such  as  can  afford  a  penny  or  two,"  who 
buy  the  "  gutta  percha  "  heads  for  their  children. 
There  used  to  be  a  tolerable  trade  in  public 
houses,  where  persons  enjoying  themselves  bought 
them  "  for  a  lark,"  but  this  trade  has  now 
dwindled  to  a  mere  nothing.  One  of  the  "larks," 
an  informant  knew  to  be  practised,  was  to  attach 
the  head  to  a  piece  of  paper  or  card,  write  upon 
it  some  one's  name,  make  it  up  into  a  parcel,  and 
•end  it  to  the  flattered  invividual.  The  same  man 
had  sold  heads  to  young  women,  not  servant- 
maids  he  thought,  but  in  some  not  very  ill  paid 
employment,  and  he  believed,  from  their  manner 
when  buying,  for  some  similar  purpose  of  "  larking." 
When  the  heads  were  a  novelty,  he  sold  a  good 
many  to  women  of  the  town. 

There  are  now  no  street-folks  who  depend  upon 

the  sale  of  these  gutta-percha  heads,  but  they  sell 

them  occasionally.     The  usual  mode  is  to  display 

them  on  a  tray,  and  now,  generally  with  other 

things.      One  man   showed  me  his  box,   which, 

when  the  lid   was  raised,   he  carried   as  a  tray 

slum?   round    his    neck,  and   it  contained   gutta- 

.    heads,  exhibition   medals,  and   rings  and 

penny  articles  of  jewellery. 

There  are  at  present,  I  am  informed,  30  persons 
selling  gutta-percha  heads  in  the  streets,  some  of 
'nfining  their  lui.-iness  solely  to  those  articles. 
In  this  number,  however,  I  do  not  include  those 
who  are  both  makers  and  sellers.  Their  average 
.  I  am  assured,  do  not  exceed  5*.  a  week 
•  r,  though  some  may  take  15*.  a  week, 
others,  and  generally  the  stationary  head-tellers, 
i.e  profit  to  the  "street  retailer 
third  of  his  receipts.  From  this  calculation 
int.  that  it  the  prevent  rate  of  sale  continue, 
390/.  is  spent  yearly  in  these  street  toys.  At 
MM  time  it  was  far  more  than  twice  the  amount. 

Or  TUB  STRKET-SELLKM  or  FLY-PAPBBS 

HKKTLK-WArERS. 

came,  generally,  into  street-traffic,  I 

1 848. 

fly-paper*   are  told  wholesale  at  many  of 
Ike  oil-. hop.,  but  th-  principal  »h..p  for  the  supply 
of    the    *tn-et  traders    is    in    Wtiitrchapel.       The 
ile  price  is  V\d.  a  down,   and  the  (street) 
Sarge  Jrf.  a  paper,  or  three  Id.     A  young 
•an,  to  wh..m  I  was  referred,  and  whoa  I  found 
irtering,  crockery,  gave  me  the 
»(,  •   experience  of  the  fly- 

paper  tride.     H«  was  A  rosy-cheeked,  ttrot 

v  and  said  be  thought  be  was  "  getting 


on"  in  his  present  trade.  He  spoke  merrily  ot 
his  troubles,  as  I  hare  found  common  among  his 
class,  when  they  are  over. 

"My  father' had  a  milk-walk,"  he  said,  "  and 

:  when   he   died    I    was  without   money  and   had 

nothing  to  do,  but  I  soon  got  a  place  with  a  single 

man.  He  had  a  small  house,  and  k. ; 
me  and  a  old  housekeeper.  I  was  to  make  my* 
self  generally  useful,  but  when  I  first  we: 
most  I  had 'to  do  was  to  look  after  a  horse  that 
master  had.  Master  never  was  on  horseback  in 
his  life,  but  he  took  Skipjack— that  was  the  horse's 
name,  he  was  rising  six — for  a  debt,  and  kept  him 
two  months,  till  he  could  sell  him  to  his  mind. 
Master  took  a  largeish  garden — for  he  was  food  of 
growing  flowers  and  vegetables,  and  made  presents 
of  them — just  before  poor  Skipjack  went,  and  I 
was  set  to  work  in  it,  besides  do  my  house-work. 
It  was  a  easy  place,  and  I  was  wery  comfal.le. 
But  master,  who  was  a  good  master  and  a  friend 
to  a  poor  man,  as  I  know,  got  into  difficulties;  he 
was  something  in  the  City ;  I  never  understood 
what ;  and  one  night,  when  I  'd  been  above  a 
year  and  a-half  with  him,  he  told  me  I  mutt  go, 
for  he  couldn  't  afford  to  keep  me  any  longer.  Next 
day  he  was  arrested,  quite  sudden  1  believe,  and 
sent  to  prison  for  debt.  I  had  a  good  character, 
but  nobody  cared  for  one  from  a  man  in  prmon, 
and  in  a  month  my  money  was  out,  and  my  last 
3*.  6d.  went  for  an  advertisement,  what  was  no 
good  to  me.  I  then  took  to  holding  horses  or 
anything  that  way,  and  used  to  sleep  in  the  parks 
or  by  the  road-sides  where  it  was  quiet  1  did 
that  for  a  month  and  more.  I've  sometimes  never 
tasted  food  nil  day,  and  used  to  quench  myself 
(so  he  worded  it)  with  cold  water  from  the 
pumps.  It  took  off  the  hunger  for  a  ' 
to  know  other  boys  that  was  living  as  I  was,  and 
when  I  could  afford  it  I  slept  at  lodging  houses,  the 
boys  took  me  to  or  told  roe  about  One  evening 
a  gentleman  gave  me  1*.  for  catching  his  bone 
that  he  'd  left  standing,  but  it  had  got  frightened, 
and  run  off.  Next  morning  I  went  into  the  fly* 


paper  trade,— it 's  nearly  two  years  ago,  1  think — 
because  a  boy  I  slept  with  did  tidy  in  it  We 
bought  the  papers  at  the  first  shop  «s  was  open, 
and  then  got  leave  of  the  deputy  of  the  lodging* 
house  to  catch  all  the  flies  we  could,  and  we  stuck 
them  thick  on  the  paper,  and  fastened  the  paper 
iiau.  I  used  to  think,  when  1  was  in  ser- 
>w  a  smart  livery  hat,  with  a  cockade  to  it, 
would  look,  but  instead  of  that  I  toned  out,  the 
first  time  in  my  life  that  ever  1  sold  anything, 
with  my  hat  stock  round  with  flies.  1  felt  M 
ashamed  I  could  have  cried.  I  was  miserable.  1 
t  1  spent  my  last  Id.  in  SOSBO 
gin  and  milk  to  give  me  courage,  and  that  bright- 
etted  me  up  a  bit,  and  I  set  to  work.  1  went 
MiUnend  way,  and  get  ott  of  the  mam  strteu, 

_      J      f    junr— -jm<l      I  *sll     flMMmfl    tlltA     flmtffttvmtsl     •»e*jl      flftmmtmml 

WIMM-    ;-,:,     ),V...t    SJM    l  —  t.    lU    ;...;-.r.   I-!    f. 

•mi  i  ..„,„  bdftVn  ..i  hjnMltwmf  sm>eml  I 

,,,o.t,  a.  if  I'd   picked  ft  pocket,  or  don. 

«mmimhi  mmmiJ  5    I  mM  »,,,.,iy  c,y 

•Catch   'em  alive,  only  a  ha! 

found  I  lomld  mil  07  papers  to  publtc-houso  »i.d 


486 


X   J.  A  LoUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


shopkeepers,  such  as  grocers  and  confectioners, 
and  that  gave  me  pluck.  The  boys  caught  flies, 
and  then  came  up  to  me,  and  threw  them  against 
my  hat,  and  if  they  stuck  the  lads  set  up  a  shout. 
1  stuck  to  the  trade,  however,  and  took  2s.  6d.  to 
3s.  every  day  that  week,  more  than  half  of  it 
profit,  and  on  Saturday  I  took  5s.  6d.  The  trade 
is  all  to  housekeepers.  I  called  at  open  shops  and 
looked  up  at  the  windows,  or  held  up  my  hat  at 
private  houses,  and  was  sometimes  beckoned  to  go 
in  and  sell  my  papers.  Women  bought  most,  I 
think.  '  Nasty  things,'  they  used  to  gay,  '  there  's 
no  keeping  nothing  clean  for  them.'  I  stuck  to  the 
trade  for  near  two  months,  and  then  I  was  worth 
13s.  6c/.,  and  had  got  a  pair  of  good  shoes,  and  a 
good  second-hand  shirt,  with  one  to  change  it ; 
and  next  1  did  a  little  in  tins  and  hardware,  at 
the  places  where  1  used  to  go  my  fly  rounds,  and 
in  the  winter  I  got  into  the  crock-trade,  with 
another  young  fellow  for  a  mate,  and  I  'm  in  it 
yet,  and  getting  a  tidy  connection,  I  think." 

Some  of  the  Hy-paper  sellers  make  their  stock-in- 
trade,  but  three-fourths  of  the  number  buy  them 
ready-made.  The  street-sellers  make  them  of  old 
newspapers  or  other  waste-paper,  no  matter  how 
dirty.  To  the  paper  they  apply  turpentine  and 
common  coach  varnish,  some  using  resin  instead  of 
varnish,  and  occasionally  they  dash  a  few  grains 
of  sugar  over  the  composition  when  spread  upon 
the  paper. 

Last  summer,  I  was  informed,  there  were  fifty 
or  sixty  persons  selling  fly-papers  and  beetle 
wafers  in  the  streets;  some  of  them  boys,  and 
all  of  them  of  the  general  class  of  street-sellers, 
who  "take"  to  any  trade  for  which  Is.  suffices 
as  capital.  Their  average  earnings  may  be  esti- 
mated at  2s.  6d.  a  day,  about  one- half  being 
profit.  This  gives  a  street  outlay,  say  for  a 
"  season "  of  ten  weeks,  of  375/.,  calculating  fifty 
sellers. 

A  few  of  these  street  traders  carried  a  side  of  a 
newspaper,  black  with  flies,  attached  to  a  stick, 
waving  it  like  a  lias;.  The  cries  were  "  Catch  'em 
alive!  Catch  'em  alive  for  J2di"  "  New  method 
of  destroying  thousands  ! " 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  MISCELLANEOUS 

'  MANCFACTDKED  AKTICLKS. 
IN  addition  to  the  more  staple  wares  which  form 
the  street  trade  in  manufactured  articles  of  a 
miscellaneous  character,  are  many,  as  I  said  before, 
which  have  been  popular  for  a  while  and  are  now 
entirely  disused.  In  the  course  of  my  inquiry  it 
was  remarkable  how  oblivious  I  found  many  of 
the  street-sellers  as  to  what  they  had  sold  at 
various  periods.  "  0  dear,  yes  sir,  I  've  sold 
all  sorts  of  things  in  the  streets  besides  what 
I  'm  on  now ;  first  one  and  then  another  as 
promised  a  few  pence,"  was  the  substance  of  a  re- 
mark I  frequently  heard;  but  ichat  was  meant  by 
tie  one  and  the  other  thing  thus  sold  they  had  a 
difficulty  to  c;ill  to  mind,  but  on  a  hint  being 
thrown  out  they  could  usually  give  the  necessary 
details.  From  the  information  I  acquired  I  select 
the  following  curious  matter. 

Six  or  seven  years  ago  Galvanic  Rings  were 


sold  extensively  by  the  street-folk.  These  wer« 
clumsy  lead-coloured  things,  which  were  described 
by  the  puffing  shop-keepers,  and  in  due  course  by 
the  su'eet-sellers,  as  a  perfect  amulet;  a  thing 
which  by  its  mere  contact  with  the  finger  would 
not  only  cure  but  prevent  "  fits,  rheumatics,  and 
cramps."  On  my  asking  a  man  who  had  sold 
them  if  these  were  all  the  ailments  of  which  he 
and  the  others  proclaimed  the  galvanic  rings  an 
infallible  cure,  he  answered  :  "  Like  the  quack 
medicines  you  read  about,  sir,  in  'vertisements,  we 
said  they  was  good  for  anything  anybody  com- 
plained of  or  was  afraid  was  coming  on  them,  but 
we  went  mostly  for  rheumatics.  A  sight  of  tin 
some  of  the  shopkeepers  must  have  made,  for 
what  we  sold  at  Id.  they  got  6d.  a  piece  for. 
Then  for  gold  galvanics — and  I  've  been  told  they 
was  gilt — they  had  10s.  6d.  each.  The  streets  is 
nothing  to  the  shops  on  a  dodge.  I  've  been  told 
by  people  as  I  'd  sold  galvanics  to,  that  they  VI  had 
benefit  from  them.  I  suppose  that  was  just  su- 
perstitious. I  think  Hyaius  did  the  most  of  any 
house  in  galvanics." 

The  men  selling  these  rings — for  the  business 
was  carried  on  almost  entirely  by  men — were  the 
regular  street-traders,  who  sell  "  first  one  thing 
and  then  another."  They  were  carried  in  boxes, 
as  I  have  shown  medals  are  now,  and  they  gene- 
rally formed  a  portion  of  the  street-jeweller's  stock, 
whether  he  were  itinerant  or  stationary.  The 
purchasers  were  labourers  in  the  open  air,  such  as 
those  employed  about  buildings,  whose  exposure 
to  the  alternations  of  heat  and  cold  render  them 
desirous  of  a  cure  for,  or  preventive  against  rheu- 
matism. The  costermongers  were  also  purchasers, 
and  in  the  course  of  my  inquiries  among  that 
numerous  body,  I  occasionally  saw  a  galvanic  ring 
still  worn  by  a  few,  and  those  chiefly,  I  think, 
fish-sellers. 

Nor  was  the  street  or  shop  trade  in  these  gal- 
vanic rings  confined  to  amulets  for  the  finger.  I 
heard  of  one  elderly  woman,  then  a  prosperous 
street-seller  in  the  New  Cut,  who  slept  with  a 
galvanic  ring  on  every  toe,  she  suffered  so  much 
from  cramp  and  rheumatism  !  There  were  also 
galvanic  shields,  which  were  to  be  tied  round  the 
waist,  and  warranted  "  to  cure  all  over."  They 
were  retailed  at  6d.  each.  Galvanic  earrings  were 
likewise  a  portion  of  this  manufacture.  They 
were  not  "drops"  from  the  ear,  but  filled  behind 
and  around  it  as  regards  the  back  of  the  skull, 
and  were  to  avert  rheumatic  attacks,  and  even 
aching  from  the  head.  The  street  price  w 
the  pair.  Galvanic  bracelets,  handsomely  gilt, 
were  2s.  6rf.  the  pair.  But  the  sale  of  ail  these 
highter-priced  charms  was  a  mere  nonentity  com- 
pared to  that  of  the  penny  rings. 

Another  trade— if  it  may  be  classed  under  this 
head — carried    on   by  great   numbers   and    with 
great  success  for  a  while,  was  that  of  card 
the  Lord's  Prayer  in  tfie  compass  of  a  sij 
This  was  an  engraving — now  and  then  offered  in 
the  streets  still — strictly  fulfilling  the  ann 
inent  as  to  the  compass  in  which  the  Prayer  was 
contained,  with  the  addition  of  a  drawing  ot"  the 
Bible,  as  part  of  the  engraving,  "  within  the  six 


toy  DOS'  LABOUR  AND   THE  LOS  DOS  POOR. 


437 


psnce."     This  trade  was  at  first,  I  am  told,  chiefly 
in  the  hands  of  the  patterers  :  "  Grand  novelty !" 
they   said  ;   "  splendid   engraving !     The    Lord's 
Prayer,  with  a  beautiful  picture  of  the  Bible,  all 
legible  to  the  naked  eye,  in  the  compass  of  a  six- 
pence.    Five  hundred  letters,  all  clear,  on  a  six- 
pence."    One  man  said  to  me:   "I  kne 
well  there  wasn't  500,  but  it  was  a  neat  number 
.     A  schoolmaster  said  to  me  once — '  Why, 
there  isn't  above  half  that  number  of  letters.'  He 
wrong  though ;    for  I  believe  there  's  280." 
This  card  was  published  six  or  seven  years  ago, 
and  the  success  attending  the  sale  of  the  Lord's 
.  led  to  the  publication  of  the  Belief  in  the 
form.     "  When  the   trade  was  new,"  said 
one  man,  '*  I  could  sell  a  gross  in  a  day  without 
at  trouble  ;  but  in  a  little  time  there 
was  hundreds  in  the  trade,  and  one  might  patter 

>  sell  four  dozen." 

The  wholesale  price  was  8*.  the  gross,  and  as 
thirteen  cards  went  to  the  dozen,  the  day's  profit 
when  a  gross  was  sold  was  5i.  When  the  sale 
did  not  extend  to  beyond  four  dozen  the  profit  was 

.      A  few  cards   "  in  letters  of  gol.i 
vended    in  the  streets  at  6d.   each.     They  had 
large  margins  and  presented  a  handsome  appear- 
The  wholesale  price  was  3*.  8rf.  the  dozen. 
When  this  trade  was  at  its  height,  there  were, 
I  am  told,  from  500  to  700  men,  women  and 
children  engaged  in   it;    selling  the  cards  both 
nth  and  without  other  articles.     The  cards  had 
also  a  very  extensive  sale  in  the  country. 

Pen-holders  vxt/t,  glass  or  china  tiandles  are  an- 
immodity  which  appeared  suddenly,  about 
six  months  ago,  in  street  commerce,  and  at  once  be- 
came the  staple  of  a  considerable  traffic.  These  pens 
eight  or  nine  inches  long,  the  "  body,"  so  to 
speak,  being  of  solid  round  glass,  of  almost  all 
colours,  green,  blue,  and  black  predominating,  with 
a  seal  (lacquered  white  or  yellow)  at  the  top,  and  a 
holder  of  the  usual  kind,  with  a  steel  pen  at  the 
bottom.  Some  are  made  of  white  pot  and  called 
i  pens,"  and  of  these  some  are  ornamented 
with  small  paintings  of  flowers  and  leaves.  These 
wares  are  German,  and  were  first  charged  9*.  Gd. 
the  gross,  without  pi-no,  which  were  an  additional 
oV/.  at  the  swag-shops.  T.v  ;.:..•  i-  i."  .. 
gross,  the  pens  being  the  same.  The  street- 
sellers  who  were  f  a  good 
start ''  with  these  articles  did  exceedingly  well. 
>  handsome-looking, 

told,  sold 

two-and-a-half  gross  in  one  day  in  the  neigbour* 
hood  of  the  Bank,  purchasers  not  seldom  taking 
a  do/  As  the  demand  continued, 

some  men  connected  with  the  supply  of  goods  for 
street  sale,  purchased  all  the  stock  in  the  •wag- 
shops,  expending  about  1701.,  and  at  once  raised 
the  price  to  I-.,.  Od.  the  JJP.M..     This  a:,, 
poorer  street  sellers  demurred   to  give,  as  they 
could  rarely  obtain  a  higher  price  than  Id.  each, 
ic  ornamented  holders,  but  the  street- 
stationers  (who  bought,  however,  very  sparingly) 
and  the  small  shnpk.-pj  «T«  K^"  ""   •'  :  •••"'" 
they  found  tke  glass-holders  asked  for."     On  the 


Mart  with  these  articles  did  exceeding 
-n-holders,  when  new,  are  handsome- 

and  at  Id.  each  were  cheap ;  tome  few 
retailed  at  2d,  One  man,  I  am  to 


whole,  I  am  told,  this  forestalling  was  not  very 
profitable  to  the  speculators,  as  when  fresh  sup- 
plies were  received  at  the  '« swags,"  the  price  fell. 

At  first  this  street  business  was  carried  on  by 
men,  but  it  was  soon  retorted  to  by  numbers  of 
poor  women  and  children.      One  gentlen, 
formed  me  that  in  consequence  of  reading  ' 
don  Labour  and  the  London  Poor,"  he  usually 
had  a  little  talk  with  the  street-sellers  of  wl 
purchased  any  trifle ;  he  bought  these  pen-holders 
of  ten  or  twelve  different  women  and  girls ;  all  of 
them  could  answer  correctly  his  inquiry  as  to  the 
uses  of  the  pens;  but  only  one  girl,  of  fifteen  or 
sixteen,   and  she  hesitatingly,  ventured  to  assert 
that  she  could  write  her  own  name  with  the  pen 
she  offered  for  sale.     The  street-trade  sti1 
tinu.-s,  but  instead   of  being  in  the  hands  of  400 
individuals — as  it  was,  at  the  very  least,  I  am 
assured,  at  one  period — there  are  now  only  about 
fifty  carrying  it  on  itinerantly,  while  with  the 
"pitched"    sales-people,    the    glass-holders    are 
merely  a  portion  of  the  stock,  and  with  tii< 
rants  ten  doxen  a  week  (a  receipt  of  10*.,  and  a 
profit  of  4s.  9rf.)  is  now  an  average  sale.     The 
former  glass-holder  sellers  of  the  poorer  sort  are 
now  vending  orange*. 

Shirt  Buttons  form  another  of  the  articles  - 
(generally  either  "  useful  things  "  or  with  such 
recommendation  to  street-buyers  as  the  galvanic 
amulets  possessed) — which  every  now  and  then 
are  disposed  of  in  great  quantities  in  the  streets. 
If  an  attempt  be  made  by  a  manufacturer  to  es- 
tablish a  cheaper  shirt  button,  for  instance,  of 
horn,  or  pot,  or  glass,  and  if  it  prove  unsuccessful, 
or  if  an  improvement  be  effected  and  the  old  stock 
becomes  a  sort  of  dead  stock,  the  superseded  goods 
have  to  be  disposed  of,  and  I  am  informed  by  a 
person  familiar  with  those  establishments,  that 
the  swag-shopkeepers  can  always  find  customer*, 
"for  anything  likely,"  with  the  indispensable 
proviso  that  it  be  cheap.  In  this  way  shirt  but- 
tons  have  lately  been  sold  in  the  street*,  n« 
by  the  vendors  of  small  wares  in  their  rrgular 
trade,  but  by  men,  lads,  and  girls,  some 
males  shirtless  themselves,  who  sell  them 
with  a  continuous  and  monotonous  cry  of  "  Half- 
penny a  doien  ;  halfpenny  a  down."  The  whole- 
sale price  of  the  last  "  street  lot,"  was  3d.  the 
gross,  or  ±d.  the  down.  To  clear  64  a  day  im 
shirt  buttons  is  "good  work;"  it  is  more  fre- 
quently 4d. 

Or  THE  STIUUET-SKLLKRS  or  WAUUHO-STICU. 

THE  walking-sticks  sold  in  the  streets  of  London 
principally  purchased  at  wholesale  house,  m 
:.I,,/:  ikW  ('••'     ••..••!.  !•«•  -.:...'.:  '•••  '• 
MkBbourhoods,     -  There '•  M  Ufa*  trade,1  •  . 
an  intelligent  man.  "  an.i  :  most  that  • 

been,  or  promised  to  be,  a  living  in  the  street* 
that  is  so  tiresome  at  the  walking -stkk  trade. 
Ti,.«.-  ..  ,.:•;.-  ...  «  ,:,  ;.,  •  ,  m  IfHl  MsltA 
The  stick  s  sure  to  be  cither  too  short  or  too  long, 
or  too  thick  or  too  thin,  or  too  limp  or  too  ttiC 
Ton  would  think  it  was  a  simple  thing  tor  a  •*» 
to  choose  a  stkk  out  of  a  lot,  but  if  yo»  wr« 


488 


LONDON  LA  LOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


roe  a  selling  on  a  fine  Sunday  at  Battersea  Fields, 
you  'd  see  it  wasn't.  0,  it 's  a  tiresome  job." 

The  trade  is  a  summer  and  a  Sunday  trade. 
The  best  localities  are  the  several  parks,  and  the 
approaches  to  them,  Greenwich-park  included  ; 
Hampstead  Heath,  Kennington  Common,  and, 
indeed,  wherever  persons  congregate  for  pedestrian 
purposes,  Battersea  Fields  being,  perhaps,  the 
place  where  the  greatest  Sunday  trade  is  carried 
on.  Some  of  the  greater  thoroughfares  too,  such 
as  Oxford -street  and  the  City-road,  are  a  good 
deal  frequented  by  the  stick-sellers. 

This  trade — like  others  where  the  article  sold 
is  not  of  general  consumption  or  primary  useful- 
ness— affords,  what  I  once  heard  a  street-seller 
call,  "  a  good  range."  There  is  no  generally  re- 
cognised price  or  value}  so  that  a  smart  trader  in 
sticks  can  apportion  his  offers,  or  his  charges,  to 
what  he  may  thinK  to  be  the  extent  of  endurance 
in  a  customer.  What  might  be  2rf.  to  a  man  who 
"  looked  knowing,"  might  be  6d.  to  a  man  who 
"looked  green."  The  common  sticks,  which  are 
the  "  cripples,"  I  was  told,  of  all  the  sorts  of 
sticks  (the  spoiled  or  inferior  sticks)  mixed  with 
"common  pines,"  are  15t£.  the  dozen.  From  this 
price  there  is  a  gradual  scale  up  to  8s.  the  dozen 
for  "  good  polished  ;"  beyond  that  price  the  street- 
seller  rarely  ventures,  and  seldom  buys  even  at 
that  (for  street-trade)  high  rate,  as  fourpenny  and 
sixpenny  sticks  go  off  the  best ;  these  saleable 
sticks  are  generally  polished  hazel  or  pine.  "  I  've 
sold  to  all  sorts  of  people,  sir,"  said  a  stick-seller. 
"  I  once  had  some  very  pretty  sticks,  very  cheap, 
only  2cZ.  a  piece,  and  I  sold  a  good  many  to  boys. 
They  bought  them,  I  suppose,  to  look  like  men, 
and  daren't  carry  them  home  ;  for  I  once  saw  a 
boy  I  'd  sold  a  stick  to,  break  it  and  throw  it 
away  just  before  he  knocked  at  the  door  of  a  re- 
spectable house  one  Sunday  evening.  I  've  sold 
shilling  sticks  to  gentlemen,  sometimes,  that  had 
lost  or  broken  or  forgot  their  own.  Canes  there's 
nothing  done  in  now  in  the  streets;  nor  in  'vines,' 
which  is  the  little  switchy  things  that  used  to  be 
a  sort  of  a  plaything.  There's  only  one  stick- 
man  in  the  streets,  as  far  as  I  know — and  if  there 
was,  I  should  be  sure  to  know,  I  think — that  has 
what  you  may  call  a  capital  in  sticks.  Only  the 
other  day  I  saw  him  sell  a  registered  stick  near 
Charing-cross.  It  was  a  beauty.  A  Bath  cane, 
with  a  splendid  ivory  head,  and  a  compass  let 
into  the  ivory.  The  head  screwed  off,  and  be- 
neath was  a  map  of  London  and  a  Guide  to  the 
Great  Exhibition.  0,  but  he  has  a  beautiful 
stock,  and  aint  he  aristocratic !  *  Ash  twigs,' 
with  the  light-coloured  bark  on  them,  not  polished, 
but  just  trimmed,  was  a  very  good  sale,  but 
they're  not  now.  Why,  as  to  what  I  take,  it 's 
such  a  uncertain  trade  that  it  '•  hard  to  say.  Some 
days  I  haven't  taken  6d.,  and  the  most  money 
I  ever  took  was  one  Derby  day  at  Epsom — I 
wish  there  was  more  Derby  days,  for  poor 
people's  sakes  —  and  then  I  took  30s.  The 
most  money  as  ever  I  took  in  Lond»n  was  14s. 
— one  Sunday,  in  Battersea  Fields,  when  I  had 
»  prime  cheap  stock  of  bamboos.  When  I  keep 
•utirely  to  the  stick  trade,  and  during  the  sum-  j 


mer,  I  may  take  fl5s.  in  a  week,  with  a  profit 
of  15*. 

The  street  stick-sellers  are,  I  am  assured,  some- 
times about  200  in  number,  on  a  fine  Sunday  in 
the  summer.  Of  these,  some  are  dock-labourers, 
who  thus  add  to  their  daily  earnings  by  a  seventh 
day's  labour  ;  others,  and  a  smarter  class,  are  the 
"  supers  "  (supernumeraries)  of  theatres,  who  also 
eke  out  their  pittance  by  Sunday  toil ;  porters, 
irregularly  employed,  and  consequently  "  hard 
pushed  to  live,"  also  sell  walking-sticks  on  the 
Sundays  ;  as  do  others  who  "  cannot  afford  " — as 
a  well-educated  man,  a  patterer  on  paper,  once 

said  to  me — "  to  lose  a  day  if  they  were  d d 

for  it"  The  usual  mode  of  this  street-trade  is 
to  carry  the  bundle  of  sticks  strapped  together, 
under  the  arm,  and  deposit  the  ends  on  the  ground 
when  a  sale  is  to  be  effected.  A  few,  however, 
and  principally  Jews,  have  "  stands,"  with  the 
walking-stitfks  inclosed  in  a  sort  of  frame.  On 
the  Mondays  there  are  not  above  a  third  of  the 
number  of  stick-sellers  there  are  on  the  Sundays  ; 
and  on  the  other  days  of  the  week  not  above  a 
seventh,  or  an  eighth.  Calculating  that  fur  12 
weeks  of  the  year  there  are  every  dny  35  stick- 
sellers,  each  taking,  on  an  average,  30*.  a  week 
(with  a  profit,  individually,  of  about  12s.),  we  find 
630J.  expended  in  walking-sticks  in  the  streets. 

On  clear  winter  days  a  stick-seller  occasionally 
plies  his  trade,  but  on  frosty  days  they  are  occu- 
pied in  letting  out  skates  in  the  parks,  or  wher- 
ever ponds  are  frozen. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  WHIPS,  ETC. 

THESE  traders  are  a  distinct  class  from  the 
stick-sellers,  and  have  a  distinct  class  of  customers. 
The  sale  is  considerable;  for  to  many  the  posses- 
sion of  a  whip  is  a  matter  of  importance.  If  one 
be  lost  or  stolen,  for  instance,  from  a  butcher's 
cart  at  Newgate- market,  the  need  of  a  whip  to 
proceed  with  the  cart  and  horse  to  its  destination, 
prompts  the  purchase  in  the  quickest  manner, 
and  this  is  usually  effected  of  the  street-seller  who 
offers  his  wares  to  the  carters  at  every  established 
resort. 

The  commonest  of  the  whips  sold  to  cart-drivers 
is  sometimes  represented  as  whalebone  covered 
with  gut;  but  the  whalebone  is  a  stick,  and  the 
flexible  part  is  a  piece  of  leather,  while  the  gut  is 
a  sort  ot  canvas,  made  to  resemble  the  worked  gut 
of  the  better  sort  of  whips,  and  is  pasted  to  the 
stock;  the  thong — which  in  the  common  sort  is 
called  "  four-strands,"  or  plaits  — being  attached  to 
the  flexible  part.  Some  of  these  whips  are  old 
stocks  recovered,  and  many  are  sad  rubbish;  but 
for  any  deceit  the  street-seller  can  hardly  be  con- 
sidered responsible,  as  he  always  purchases  at  the 
shop  of  a  wholesale  whipmaker,  who  is  in  some 
cases  a  retailer  at  the  same  price  and  under  the 
same  representations  as  the  street-seller.  The 
retail  price  is  Is.  each;  the  wholesale.  8s.  and  9*. 
a  dozen.  Some  of  the  street  whip-sellers  repre- 
sent themselves  as  the  makers,  but  the  whips  are 
almost  all  made  in  Birmingham  and  Walsal'.. 

Of  these  traders  very  few  are  the  ordinary 
street- sel'crs.  Most  of  them  have  been  in  too** 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


48* 


tray  or  other  connected  with  the  care  of  horses, 
and  some  were  described  to  me  as  "  beaten-out 
countrymen,"  who  bad  come  up  to  town  in  the 
hope  of  obtaining  employment,  and  had  failed. 
One  man,  of  the  last-mentioned  class,  told  me 
that  he  had  come  to  London  from  a  village  in 
Cambridgeshire,  bringing  with  him  testimonials  of 
good  character,  and  some  letters  from  parties 
whose  recommendation  he  expected  would  be  ser- 
viceable to  him;  but  he  had  in  vain  endeavoured 
for  some  months  to  obtain  work  with  a  carrier, 
omnibus  proprietor,  or  jolv-ma.'ter,  either  as  driver 
or  in  charge  of  horses.  His  prospects  thus  fail- 
ing him,  he  was  now  selling  whips  to  earn  his 

•od.     A  friend  advised   him  to  do  this,  as 

than  starving,  and  as  being  a  trade  that  he 
understood : — 

"  I  often  thought  I  'd  be  forced  to  go  back  home, 
sir,"  he  said,  "  and  I  'd  have  been  ashamed  to  do't, 

••'ttld  come  to  try  my  luck  in  London,  and 
would  leave  a  place  I  had.  All  my  friends — and 
they  're  not  badly  off — tried  to  'suade  me  to  stop 
at  home  another  year  or  two,  but  come  I  would, 
na  if  I  must  and  couldn't  help  it.  I  brought  good 
clothes  with  me,  and  they're  a 'most  all  gone;  and 
I  'd  be  ashamed  to  go  back  so  shabby,  like  the 
prodigal's  son ;  you  know,  sir.  I  '11  have  another 

:.  for  I  get  on  to  a  cab  next  Monday,  with 

respectable  cab-master.     As  I  've  only  my- 

KIIOW  I  can  do.  I  was  on  one,  but  not 
with  the  same  master,  after  I'd  been  six  weeks 

.••lit  in  two  days  I  was  forced  to  give  it  up, 
for  I  didn't  know  my  way  enough,  and  I  didn't 
know  the  distances,  and  couldn't  make  the  money 
1  paid  for  my  cab.  If  I  asked  another  cabman, 
he  was  as  likely  to  tell  me  wrong  as  right.  Then 
the  fares  used  to  be  shouting  out,  '  I  say,  cabby, 

the   h are  you  going?     I   told   you 

Mark  lane,  and  here  we  are  at  the  Minories. 
1'rive  back,  sir.'  I  know  my  way  now  well 
enough,  sir.  I  've  walked  the  streets  too  long  not 

A  it.  I  notice  them  on  purpose  now,  and 
know  the  distances.  I  've  written  home  for  a 

1  tfs  fur  my  new  trade,  and  I'm  sure  to  get 
them.  They  don't  know  I  m  selling  whips.  There 
w..uld  be  such  a  laugh  against  me  among  all 
t' young  fellows  if  they  did.  Me  as  was  so  sure 

inn ! 

"  It's  a  poor  trade.     A  carman  '11  bid  i 
for  such  a  whip  a*  this,  which  is  4s.  3d.  the  halt 

wholesale.  '  I  have  to  find  my  own  whips,' 
my  last  customer  said,  '  though  I  drives  for  a 

id  be  d d  to  him.'    They  're 

great  swearers  tome  of  them.  I  make  7*.  or  8*.  in 
a  »e»-k.  .\alk  all  day  without  tiring.  1 

one  week  cleared  14*.  Next  week  I  made  84. 
I  have  slept  in  cheap  Hyt»g-h"«>iM  -  *""  only 

«•:    one     was    very    decent,    though    out 
of    the     way;    one     was     middling;    and     the 
r  was  a  pig-sty.    I  've  seen  very  poor 

:   nothing  l»  j>ay  2j. 

-ct,  with  a  bed  in  it,  at 
1 1  '•  clean  and  »w«. 
•    a  greengrocer  and  coal-n>< 

•  wood-seller; — he  '•  a  good  man — and  I  can 

earn  a  liule  against  the  rent  with  • 


cleaning  his  harness,  and  grooming  his  pony — he 
calls  it  a  pony,  but  it's  over  15  hands — and 
greasing  his  cart-wheels,  and  mucking  out  his 
stable,  and  such  like.  I  shall  live  there  when 
I  'm  on  my  cab." 

Other  carmen's  whips  are  Is.  6d.,  and  as  high 
as  2s.  tid.,  but  the  great  sale  is  of  those  at  1*. 
The  principal  localities  for  the  trade  are  at  the 
meat-markets,  the  "green  markets,"  Smithfield, 
the  streets  leading  to  Billingsgate  when  crowded 
in  the  morning,  the  neighbourhood  of  the  docks 
and  wharfs,  and  the  thoroughfares  generally. 

The  trade  in  the  other  kind  of  whips  is  again 
in  the  hands  of  another  class,  in  that  of  cabmen 
who  have  lost  their  licence,  who  have  been 
maimed,  and  the  numerous  "hands"  who  job 
about  stables — especially  cab-horse  stables — when 
without  other  employment.  The  price  of  the 
inferior  sort  of  "gig-whips"  is  Is.  to  Is.  6d.,  the 
wholesale  price  being  from  9*.  Qd.  to  14*.  Qd.  the 
dozen.  Some  are  lower  than  9$.  6d.,  but  the 
cabmen,  I  am  told,  "  will  hardly  look  at  them  ; 
they  know  what  they  're  a-buying  of,  and  is  wide 
awake,  and  that 's  one  reason  why  the  profit 's  so 
small."  Occasionally,  one  whip-seller  told  me,  he 
had  sold  gig-whips  at  2s.  or  2s.  6d.  to  gentlemen 
who  had  broken  their  "  valuable  lance-wood,"  or 
"  beautiful  thorn,"  and  who  made  a  temporary 
purchase  until  they  could  buy  at  their  accustomed 
shops.  "A  military  gent,  with  mustachers,  once 
called  to  me  in  Piccadilly,"  the  same  man  stated, 
"and  he  said,  'Here,  give  me  the  best  you  can 
for  half-a-crown,  I  've  snapped  my  own.  I  never 
use  the  whip  when  I  drive,  for  my  horse  is 
skittish  and  won't  stand  it,  but  I  can't  drive 
without  one.' " 

In  the  height  of  the  season,  two,  and  some- 
times three  men,  sell  handsome  gig-whips  at  the 
fashionable  drives  or  the  approaches.  "  I  have 
taken  as  much  as  30.«.  in  a  day,  for  th/ee  whips," 
said  one  man,  "  each  10s. ;  but  they  were  silver- 
mounted  thorn,  and  very  cheap  indeed;  that's 
8  or  9  years  back;  people  looks  oftener  at  10*.  now. 
I've*  sold  horse-dealers'  whips  too,  with  loaded 
ends.  Oh,  all  prices.  I  've  bought  them,  wholesale, 
at  8s.  a  dozen,  and  It.  6d.  a  piece.  Hunting 
whips  are  never  sold  in  the  streets  now.  1  havw 
sold  them,  but  it's  a  good  while  ago,  as  riding 
whips  for  park  gentlemen.  The  stocks  were  of  line 
strong  lancewood — such  a  close  grain  1  with  buck 
horn  handles,  and  a  close  worked  thong,  fastened 
to  the  stuck  by  an  '  eye'  (loop),  which  it's  slipped 
through.  You  could  hear  its  cr.uk  half  a  mile 
"lF.  '  Threshing  machines,'  I  called  them." 

All   the  whip-sellers  in   a  large  way  visit  the 

races,  fairs,  and   large  markets  within  50  mile* 

•  •I  London.     Some  go  as  far  as  Goodwood  at  the 

•  •,  which   is  between  CO  and  70  miles  dis- 

<  'n  a  well-thronged  race-ground  these  HUD 

will  take  :•;/.  or  !/.  in   a  day,  and    from  a  half  to 

urttis   as  much   at  a   country   fair.      They 

.nell   riding- whips   in   the   country,  but  seldom  in 

town. 

xperienced  man  knew  40  whip-sellers,  as 

.  call   them  to  mind,  by  sight, 

by  name.     He  was  certain  that  ou'no  day 


490 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


were  there  fewer  than  30  in  the  streets,  and  some- 
times— though  rarely — there  were  100.  The  most 
prosperous  of  the  body,  including  their  profits  at 
races,  &c.,  make  11.  a  week  the  year  through ;  the 
poorer  sort  from  5s.  to  10s.,  and  the  latter  are  three 
times  as  numerous  as  the  others.  Averaging  that 
only  30  whip-sellers  take  25s.  each  weekly  (with 
profits  of  from  5s.  to  10s.)  in  London  alone,  we 
find  234:01.  expended  in  the  streets  in  whips. 

Some  of  the  whip-sellers  vend  whipcord,  also, 
to  those  cabmen  and  carters  who  "  cord  "  their 
own  whips.  The  whipcord  is  bought  wholesale 
at  2s.  the  pound  (sometimes  lower),  and  sold  at 
^d.  the  knot,  there  being  generally  six  dozen 
knots  in  a  pound. 

Another  class  "mend"  cabmen's  whips,  re- 
thonging,  or  "  new-springing  "  them,  but  these  are 
street-artisans. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  PIPES,  AND  OF 

SNUFF  AND  TOBACCO  BOXES. 
THE  pipes  now  sold  in  the  streets  and  public- 
houses  are  the  "china  bowls"  and  the  "comic 
heads."  The  "china-bowl"  pipe  has  a  bowl  of 
white  stnne  china,  which  unscrews,  from  a  flexible 
tube  or  "stem, "as  it  is  sometimes  culled,  about 
a  foot  long,  with  an  imitation-amber  mouth-piece. 
They  are  retailed  at  Gd.  each,  and  cost  4s.  a 
dozen  at  the  swag-shops.  The  "  comic  heads"  are 
of  the  clay  ordinarily  used  in  the  making  of  pipes, 
and  cost  IGd.  the  dozen,  or  15s.  the  gross. 
They  are  usually  retailed  at  2d.  Some  of  the 
"comic  heads"  may  be  considered  as  hardly 
well  described  by  the  name,  as  among  them 
are  death's-heads  and  faces  of  grinning  devils. 
"  The  best  sale  of  the  comic  heads,"  said  one 
man,  "  was  when  the  Duke  put  the  soldiers' 
pipes  out  at  the  barracks ;  wouldn't  allow  them 
to  smoke  there.  It  was  a  Wellington's  head 
with  his  thumb  to  his  nose,  taking  a  sight,  you 
know,  sir.  They  went  off  capital.  Lots  of 
people  that  liked  their  pipe  bought  'em,  in  the 
public-houses  especial,  'cause,  as  I  heerd  one  man 
— he  was  a  boot-closer — say,  '  it  made  the  old  boy 
a-ridiculing  of  hisself.'  At  that  time — well,  really, 
then,  I  can't  say  how  long  it's  since — I  sold  little 
bone  '  tobacco-stoppers' — they  're  seldom  asked  for 
now,  stoppers  is  quite  out  of  fashion— and  one  of 
them  was  a  figure  of  '  old  Nosey,'  the  Duke  you 
know — it  was  intended  as  a  joke,  yon  see,  sir ; 
a  tobacco-stopper." 

There  are  now  nine  men  selling  pipes,  which  they 
frequently  raffle  at  the  public-houses  ;  it  is  not  un- 
usual for  four  persons  to  raffle  at  ^d.  each,  for  a 
"  comic  head."  The  most  costly  pipes  are  not  now 
offered  in  the  streets,  but  a  few  are  sold  on  race- 
courses. I  am  informed  that  none  of  the  pipe- 
sellers  depend  entirely  upon  their  traffic  in  those 
wares,  but  occasionally  sell  (and  raffle)  such  things 
as  china  ornaments  or  table-covers,  or  tobacco  or 
snuff-boxes.  If,  therefore,  we  calculate  that  four 
persons  sell  pipes  daily  the  year  through,  taking 
each  25s.  (and  clearing  10s.),  we  find  260/.  yearly 
expended  upon  the  hawkers'  pipes. 

The  snuff  and  tobacco-boxes  disposed  of  by 
•treet-traders,  for  they  are  usually  sold  by  the 


same  individual,  are  botight  at  the  swag-shop*.  In 
a  matter  of  traffic,  such  as  snuff-boxes,  in  which 
the  "fancy"  (or  taste)  of  the  purchaser  is  freely 
exercised,  there  are  of  course  many  varieties. 
The  exterior  of  some  presents  a  series  of  trans- 
verse lines,  coloured,  and  looking  neat  enough. 
Others  have  a  staring  portrait  of  the  Queen,  or  of 
"  a  young  lady,"  or  a  brigand,  or  a  man  inhaling 
the  pungent  dust  with  evident  delight;  occasion- 
ally the  adornment  is  a  ruin,  a  farm-house,  or  a 
hunting  scene.  The  retail  price  is  from  4d.  to  Is., 
and  the  wholesale  3s.  to  7s.  Gd.  the  dozen.  The 
Scotch  boxes,  called  "Holyroods"  in  the  trade, 
are  also  sold  in  the  streets  and  public-houses. 
These  are  generally  the  "self-colour"  of  the  wood  ; 
the  better  sort  are  lined  with  horn,  and  are,  or 
should  be,  remarkable  for  the  closeness  and  nice 
adjustment  of  the  hinges  or  joints.  They  are  sold 
— some  I  was  told  being  German-made — at  the 
swag-shops  at  3s.  the  dozen,  or  4d.  each,  to  6s.  the 
dozen,  or  8d.  each.  "  Why,  I  calc'lated,"  said 
one  box-seller,  "  that  one  week  when  I  was  short 
of  tin,  and  had  to  buy  single  boxes,  or  twos,  at  a 
time,  to  keep  up  a  fair  show  of  stock,  the  swags 
got  2s.  more  out  of  me  than  if  I  could  have  gone 
and  bought  by  the  dozen.  I  once  ventured  to  buy 
a  very  fine  Holyrood ;  it  '11  take  a  man  three 
hours  to  find  out  the  way  to  open  it,  if  he  doesn't 
know  the  trick,  the  joints  is  so  contrived.  But  I 
have  it  yet  I  never  could  get  an  offer  for  what 
it  cost  me,  5s." 

The  tobacco-boxes  are  of  brass  and  iron  (though 
often  called  "  steel").  There  are  three  sizes  :  the 
"  quarter-ounce,"  costing  3s.  the  dozen ;  the  "  half- 
ounce,"  4s.  3d. ;  and  "  the  ounce,"  5s.  Gd.  the  do- 
zen, or  §\d.  each.  These  are  the  prices  of  the 
brass.  The  iron,  which  are  "  sized  "  in  the  same 
way,  are  from  2s.  to  3s.  Gd.  the  dozen,  wholesale. 
They  are  retailed  at  from  3d.  to  Gd.  each,  the  brass 
being  retailed  at  from  4d.  to  Is.  All  these  boxes 
are  opened  and  shut  by  pressure  on  a  spring  ;  they 
are  partly  flat  (but  rounded),  so  as  to  fit  in  any 
pocket.  The  cigar-cases  are  of  the  same  quality  as 
the  snuff-boxes  (not  the  Holyroods),  and  cost,  at 
the  German  swag-shops,  3s.  Gd.  the  dozen,  or  4^d. 
each.  They  are  usually  retailed,  or  raffled  for  on 
Saturday  and  Monday  nights,  at  Gd.  each,  but  the 
trade  is  a  small  one. 

One  branch  of  this  trade,  concerning  which  I 
heard  many  street-sellers  very  freely  express  their 
opinions,  is  the  sale  of  "  indecent  snuff-boxes." 
Most  of  these  traders  insisted,  with  a  not  unnatu- 
ral bitterness,  that  it  would  be  as  easy  to  stor 
the  traffic  as  it  was  to  stop  Sunday  selling  in  the 
park,  but  then  "  gentlemen  was  accommodated 
by  it,"  they  added.  These  boxes  and  cigar-cases 
are,  for  the  most  part,  I  am  told,  French,  the 
lowest  price  being  2s.6<£.  a  box.  One  man,  whose 
information  was  confirmed  to  me  by  others,  gave 
me  the  following  account  of  what  had  come  within 
his  own  knowledge  : — 

"  There 's  eight  and  sometimes  nine  persons  carry- 
ing on  the  indecent  trade  in  snuff-boxes  and  cigar- 
cases.  They  make  a  good  bit  of  money,  out 
they  're  drunken  characters,  and  often  hard  up. 
They  've  neither  shame  nor  decency;  they'll 


LONhOX  LA  HOUR  AXD  THE  LONDOM  POOR. 


•1J1 


TIN:  ,H.\V  <>ID  CLOTHES-MAN. 

*  Clo*  Clo*  Clo*  ** 


No.  32. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


493 


tempt  lads  or  anybody.  They  go  to  public-houses 
which  they  know  is  used  by  fast  gents  that  has 
money  to  spare.  And  they  watch  old  and  very 
young  gents  in  the  streets,  or  any  gents  indeed, 
and  when  they  see  them  loitering  and  looking 
after  the  girls,  they  take  an  opportunity  to  offer  a 
'  spicy  snuff-box,  very  cheap.'  It 's  a  trade  only 
among  rich  people,  for  I  believe  the  indecent  sellers 
»n't  afford  to  sell  at  all  under  2».  6d.,  and  they  ask 
iigh  prices  when  they  get  hold  of  a  green  'un ;  per 
baps  one  up  on  a  spree  from  Oxford  or  Cambridge. 
Well,  I  can't  say  where  they  get  their  goods, 
nor  at  what  price.  That 's  their  secret.  They 
carry  them  in  a  box,  with  proper  snuff-boxes  to  be 
seen  when  its  opened,  and  the  others  in  a  secret 
drawer  beneath  ;  or  in  their  pockets.  You  may 
have  seen  a  stylish  shop  in  Oxford-street,  and  in 
the  big  window  is  large  pipe  heads  of  R  fine 
quality,  and  on  them  is  painted,  quite  beautiful, 
naked  figures  of  women,  and  there  's  snuff-boxes 
and  cigar-cases  of  much  the  same  sort,  but  they  're 
nothing  to  what  these  men  sell.  I  must  know,  for 
it's  not  very  long  since  I  was  forced,  through 
distress,  to  colour  a  lot  of  the  figures.  I  could 
colour  50  a  day.  I  hadn't  a  week's  work  at  it 
I  don't  know  what  they  make  ;  perhaps  twice  as 
much  in  a  day,  as  in  the  regular  trade  can  be 
made  in  a  week.  I  was  told  by  one  of  them  that 
one  race  day  he  took  151.  It's  not  every  day 
they  do  a  good  business,  for  sometimes  they  may 
hawk  without  ever  showing  their  boxes;  but  gen- 
tlemen will  have  them  if  they  pay  ever  so  much 
for  them.  There 's  a  risk  in  the  trade,  certainly. 
Sometimes  the  police  gets  hold  of  them,  but  very 
very  seldom,  and  it's  8  months.  Or  if  the  Vice 
Society  takes  it  up,  it  may  be  12  months.  The 
two  as  does  best  in  the  trade  are  women  ;  they 
carry  great  lots.  They  've  never  been  apprehended, 
and  they  've  been  in  the  trade  for  years.  No,  I 
should  say  they  was  not  women  of  the  town. 
They  're  both  living  with  men,  but  the  men  's  not 
in  the  same  trade,  and  I  think  is  in  no  trade ; 
just  fancy  men.  So  I  've  understood." 

I  may  observe  that  the  genwality  of  the  haw- 
kers of  indecent  prints  and  cards  are  women. 

There  are  about  35  persons  selling  snuff  and 
tobacco-boxes — the  greatest  sale  being  of  tobacco* 
boxes — and  cigar-cases,  generally  with  the  other 
things  I  havs  mentioned.  Of  these  35,  however, 
not  one-half  sell  snuff-boxes  constantly,  but  retort 
to  any  traffic  of  temporary  interest  in  the  public 
or  street-public  estimation.  Some  sell  only  in  the 
evening*.  Reckoning  that  15  persons  on  snuff 
tiacco  iud  cigar  boxes  alone  take  18*. 
weekly  (clearing  It.  or  8*.),  we  find  6921.  thus 
expended. 


G»   THE  StRKT-SlLLKM  OF  ClUAM. 


CIGARS,  I  am  informed,  hare 


por- 


tion of  the  street- trade  for  upwards  of  30  years, 
having  been  introduced  not  long  after  the  re- 
moral  of  the  prohibition  on  their  importation 
from  Cuba.  It  was  not,  however,  until  five  or  six 
years  kter  that  they  were  at  all  extensive!/  sold 


in  the  stroeta ;  but  the  street-trade  in  cigars  is 
no  longer  extensive,  and  in  some  respects  haj 
ceased  to  exist  altogether. 

I  am  told  by  experienced  persons  that  the  cigars 
fir>t  vended  in  the  streets  and  public-houses  were 
really  smuggled.  I  say  "  really"  smuggled,  as 
many  now  vended  under  that  pretence  never  came 
from  the  smuggler's  hands.  "  Well,  now,  sir,"  said 
one  man,  "  the  last  time  I  sold  Pickwicks  and 
Cubers  a  penny  apiece  with  lights  for  nothing, 
was  at  Greenwich  Fair,  on  the  sly  rather,  and 
them  as  I  could  make  believe  was  buying  a 
smuggled  thing,  bought  far  freer.  Everybod'y  likes 
ft  smuggled  thing."  [This  remark  is  only  in  con- 
sonance with  what  I  have  heard  from  others  cf 
the  same  class.]  "  In  my  time  I  've  sold  \vL 
smuggled,  or  made  to  appear  as  sich,  but  far  more 
in  the  country  than  town,  to  all  sorts— to  gentle- 
men,  and  ladies,  and  shopkeepers,  and  parsons,  and 
doctors,  »nd  lawyers.  Why  no,  sir,  I  can't  say 
as  how  I  ever  sold  anything  in  that  way  to  an 
exciseman.  But  smuggling '11  always  be  liked; 
it's  sich  a  satisfaction  to  any  man  to  think  he  's 
done  the  tax-gatherer." 

The  price  of  a  ci^ar,  in  the  earlier  stages  of  the 
street-traffic,  was  2d.  and  Zd.  One  of  the  boxes 
in  which  these  wares  are  ordinarily  packed  was 
divided  by  a  partition,  the  one  side  contain 
higher,  and  the  other  the  lower  priced  article. 
The  division  was  often  a  mere  trick  of  trade— in 
justification  of  which  any  street-seller  would  be 
sure  to  cite  the  precedent  of  shopkeepers'  prac- 
tices— for  the  cigars  might  be  the  same 
(wholesale)  but  the  bigger  and  better-looking  were 
selected  as  "  threepences,"  the  "  werry  choicest 
and  realest  Hawanners,  as  mild  as  milk,  and  as 
strong  as  gunpowder,"  for  such,  I  am  told,  was 
the  cry  of  a  then  well-known  stn-et-tr.idrr.  The 
great  sale  was  of  the  "  twopennies."  As  the 
razees,  now  so  common,  were  unknown,  and  lucifer 
matches  were  higher- priced,  and  much  inferior 
to  what  they  are  at  present,  the  cigar  sell,  r  in 
most  instances  carried  tow  with  him,  a  portion  of 
which  he  kept  ignited  in  a  sort  of  tinder  box,  and 
at  this  the  smokers  lighted  their  cigars ;  or  the 
vender  twisted  together  a  little  tow  and  handed 
it.  ignited,  to  a  customer,  that  if  he  were  walking 
on  he  might  renew  his  "  light,"  if  the  cigar 
"  wouldn't  draw." 

A  cheaper  cigar  soon  found  its  way  into  street 
commerce,  "  only  a  penny  apiece,  prime  cigars ;~ 
and  on  its  first  introduction,  a  straw  was  fitted 
into  it,  as  a  mouth-piece.  "  Cigar  tubes"  were 
also  sold  in  the  streets ;  they  were  generally  of 
bone,  and  charged  from  24.  to  Is.  each.  The  cigar 
was  fitted  into  the  tube,  and  they  were  strongly 

•MOsMeMLMBsftelvft     OD      tll0     eMQeVel    Oef    6COOOB1Y      eU    **    b%* 

•sani  of  this  tube,  any  genTman  can  smokr  his 
eigar  to  half  a  quarter  of  an  iaeft,  inetead  of  being 
forced  to  throw  it  away  sjj  ,  and  a  half 

left."  These  tubes  hare  not  for  a  long  tine  been 
vended  in  the  stxssU.  I  am  told  by  a  person, 
who  himself  was  then  engaged  in  the  sal. 
t'  •  yrc.itrBt  iiuiiilxT  »f  jxjiiiv  ti^.'im  r%«-r  *>1<1  in 
the  streets  in  one  day  was  on  that  of  her  Majesty's 
...e  28,1838;.  Of  this  he  ... 


494 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TI1E  LONDON  POOR. 


positive  from  what  be  bad  experienced,  seen,  and 
heard. 

"  In  my  opinion,"  said  another  street-seller, 
"the  greatest  injury  the  street-trade  in  such  things 
had  was  when  the  publicans  took  to  selling  cigars. 
They  didn't  at  first,  at  least  not  generally  ;  I  've 
sold  cigars  myself,  at  the  bars  of  respectable  houses, 
to  gentlemen  that  was  having  their  glass  of  ale 
with  a  friend,  and  one  has  said  to  another,  'Come, 
we  '11  have  a  smoke,1  and  has  bought  a  couple. 
0,  no  j  I  never  was  admitted  to  offer  them  in  a 
ptrlour  or  tap-room ;  that  would  have  interfered 
uith  the  order  for  'screws'  (penny  papers  of 
tobacco),  which  is  a  rattling  good  profit,  I  can  tell 
you.  Indeed,  I  was  looked  shy  at,  from  behind 
the  bar  ;  but  if  customers  chose  to  buy,  a  landlord 
could  hardly  interfere.  Now,  it's  no  go  at  all 
in  such  places." 

One  common  practice  among  the  smarter  street- 
sellers,  when  "on  cigars,"  was,  until  of  late  years, 
and  still  is,  occasionally  at  races  and  fairs,  to 
possess  themselves  of  a  few  really  choice  "  weeds," 
as  like  as  they  could  procure  them  to  their  block- 
in  trade,  and  to  smoke  one  of  them,  as  they  urged 
their  traffic. 

The  aroma  was  full  and  delicate,  and  this  was 
appealed  to  if  necessary,  or,  as  one  man  worded 
it,  the  smell  was  "  left  to  speak  for  itself."  The 
street-folk  who  prefer  the  sale  of  what  is  more  or 
less  a  luxury,  become,  by  the  mere  necessities  of 
their  calling,  physiognomists  and  quick  observers, 
and  I  have  no  reason  to  doubt  the  assertion  of  one 
cigar-vendor,  when  he  declared  that  in  the  earlier 
stages  of  this  traffic  he  could  always,  and  most 
unerringly  in  the  country,  pick  out  the  man 
on  whose  judgment  others  seemed  to  rely,  and  by 
selling  him  one  of  his  choice  reserve,  procure  a 
really  impartial  opinion  as  to  its  excellence,  and 
so  influence  other  purchasers.  When  the  town 
trade  "grew  stale" — the  usual  term  for  its  falling- 
off — the  cigar-sellers  had  a  remunerative  field  in 
many  parts  of  the  country. 

In  London,  before  railways  became  the  sole 
means  of  locomotion  to  a  distance,  the  cigar-sellers 
frequented  the  coaching-yards;  and  the  "outsides" 
frequently  "  bought  a  cigar  to  warm  their  noses  of  a 
cold  night,"  and  sometimes  filled  their  cases,  if 
the  cigar-seller  chanced  to  have  the  good  word  of 
the  coachman  or  guard. 

The  cigar  street-trade  was  started  by  two  Jews, 
brothers,  named  Benasses,  who  were  "  licensed  to 
deal  in  tobacco,"  and  vended  good  articles.  When 
they  relinquished  the  open-air  business,  they  sup- 
plied the  other  street-sellers,  whose  numbers  in- 
creased very  rapidly.  The  itinerant  cigar-ven- 
ding was  always  principally  in  the  hands  of  the 
Jews,  but  the  general  street-traders  resorted  to  the 
traffic  on  all  occasions  of  public  resort, — "  sich 
times,"  observed  one,  "as  fairs  and  laces,  and 
crownations,  and  Queen's  weddings ;  I  wish  they 
came  a  bit  ofteuer  for  the  sake  of  trade."  The 
manufacture  of  the  cigars  sold  at  the  lowest  rates, 
is  now  almost  entirely  in  the  hands  of  the  Jews, 
and  I  am  informed  by  a  distinguished  member  of  ] 
that  ancient  f.iith,  that  when  1  treat  of  the  Ho- 
brew  children  employed  in  making  cigars,  Uxe/« 


will  be  much  to  be  detailed  of  which   the  public 
have  little  cognisance  and  little  suspicion. 

The  cigars  in  question  are  bought  (wholesale) 
in  Petticoat-lane,  Rosemary-lane,  Ailie-street, 
Tenter-ground,  in  Goodman's  fields,  and  similar 
localities.  The  kinds  in  chief  demand  are  Pick- 
wicks, 7s.  and  8s.  per  Ib.  ;  Cubas,  8.s.  6^. ;  common 
Havannahs  and  Bengal  Cheroots,  the  same  price ; 
but  the  Bengal  Cheroots  are  not  uncommonly 
smuggled. 

"  The  best  places  for  cigar-selling,"  one  man 
stated,  "  I  've  always  found  to  be  out  of  town  ; 
about  Greenwich  and  Shooter's  Hill,  and  to  tlie 
gents  going  to  Kensington  Gardens,  and  such  like 
places.  About  the  Eagle  Tavern  was  good,  too,  as 
well  as  the  streets  leading  to  the  Surrey  Zoological 
— one  could  whisper,  'cheap  cigar,  sir,  half  what 
they  '11  charge  you  inside.'  I  've  known  young 
women  treat  their  young  men  to  cigars  as  they 
were  going  to  Cremorne,  or  other  public  places ; 
but  there  's  next  to  no  trade  that  way  now,  and 
hasn't  been  these  five  or  six  years.  I  don't  know 
what  stopped  it  exactly.  I  've  heard  it  was  shop- 
keepers that  had  licences,  complaining  of  street 
people  as  hadn't,  and  so  the  police  stopped  the 
trade  as  much  as  they  could." 

At  all  the  neighbouring  races  and  fairs,  and  at 
any  great  gathering  of  people  in  town,  cigars  are 
sold,  more  with  the  affectation  than  the  reality  of 
its  being  done,  "  quite  on  the  sly."  The  retail 
price  is  Id.  each,  and  three  for  2d.  Some  of  the 
cheap  cigars  are  made  to  run  200,  and  even  as 
high  as  '230  to  the  pound.  A  fuzee  is  often  given 
into  the  bargain. 

I  am  told  that,  on  all  favourable  opportunities, 
there  are  still  100  persons  who  vend  cigars  in  the 
streets  of  London,  while  a  greater  number  of 
"London  hands"  carry  on  the  trade  at  Kpsmu 
and  Ascot  races.  At  other  periods  the  In 
is  all  but  a  nonentity.  To  clear  II.  a  week  is 
considered  "good  \v«»rk."  At  one  period,  on 
every  fine  Sunday,  there  were  not,  I  am  assured, 
fewer  than  500  persons  selling  cigars  in  the  '•;>•  n 
air  in  London  and  its  suburbs. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  SPONGE. 
Tins  is  one  of  the  .street-trades  which  has  been 
long  in  the  hands  of  the  Jews,  and,  unlike  the 
traffic  in  pencils,  sealing-wax,  and  other  articles 
of  which  I  have  treated,  it  remains  so  principally 
still. 

In  perhaps  no  article  which  is  a  regular  branch 
of  the  street-trade,  is  there  a  greater  diversity  in 
the  price  and  quality  than  in  sponge.     The 
sellers  buy  it  at  Is.  (occasionally  6d.),  and  as  hit'h 
as  21s.  the  pound.     At  cue  time,  I  believe  about 
20  years  back,  when  fine  sponge  in  largo  pieces 
was  scarce  and  dear,  some  street-sellers  ga 
the   pound,  or,  in  buying  a  smaller  quantity,  2;. 
an  ounce. 

"  I  have  sold  sponge  of  all  sorts,"  said  an  ex- 
perienced street-seller,  "  both  'fine  toilet,'  fit  for 
any  lady  or  gentleman,  and  coarse  stuff  not  fit  to 
groom  a  ass  with.  That  very  common  sponge  if 
mostly  Is.  the  Ib.  wholesale,  but  it's  no  manner  of 
two  it's  so  sandy  and  gritty.  Ii  weighs  heavy, 


LONDON  LA  HOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


49 


or  there  might  be  a  better  profit  on  it.  It  has  to 
be  trimmed  up  ami  damped  for  showing  it,  and 
then  it  always  let-Is  liask  (harsh)  to  the  hand. 
It  rubs  to  bits  in  no  time.  There  was  a  old  gent 
what  I  served  with  sponges,  and  he  was  very 
perticler,  and  the  be^t  customer  I  ever  had,  for 
his  housekeeper  bought  her  leathers  of  me.  Like 
a  deal  of  old  coves  that  has  nothing  to  do  and 
di'c-n't  often  stir  out,  but  hidles  away  time  in 
reading  or  potterinir  ab..ut  a  garden,  he  was  fond 

k,  and  he  'd  give  me  a  glass  of  something 
short,  as  if  to  make  me  listen  to  him,  for  I  used  to 
get  fidgety,  and  he  'd  talk  away  stunning.  He  's 
dead  now.  He's  told  me,  and  more  nor  once, 
that  sponges  was  more  of  a  animal  than  a  wege- 
table."  continued  the  incredulous  street-seller, 
"  I  d«>  believe  people  reads  theirselves  sill\ 

nonsense  !      Does    it    look    like    a   animal  ? 

Where's  its  head  and  its  nose!  He'd  better 
have  said  it  was  a  fish.  And  it's  not  a  wege- 
table  neither.  But  I  '11  tell  you  what  it  is,  sir, 
and  from  them  as  has  seen  it  where  its  got  with 

•.vn  eyes.  I  have  some  relations  as  is  sea- 
farin'-men,  and  I  went  a  woyage  once  myself  when 
a  lad — one  of  my  relations  has  seen  it  gathered  by 

I  torg'-t  where,  from  the  rocks  at  the  bot- 
::ie  sea.  and  he  says  it 's  just  sea- 
stuff  as   grows   there,  as  moss  does  to  old 
\\alls   in   Kniflar.d.     That  's  what  it  is,  sir.      As 

.vn  in  the  wat.T,   it   holds  water  you  Bee. 

ade  15*.  on  sponge  alone,  in  a  good  week, 
when  I  had  a  good  stock;  but  oftener  I  \e  made 

'*.,  and  sometimes  not  5s-  My  best  trade 
is  at  private  houses  a  little  ways  out  of  town. 
I  '>•••  heard  gents  say,  '  A  good  sponging  's  as  good 
as  a  bath/  and  when  I  could  get  good  things  cheap 
they  'd  be  sure  to  sell  No,  I  never  did  much 
at  the  mews." 

Another  man  told  me  that  he  once  bought  a 

:  lantity  of  sponge  at  6d.  the  lb.,  trimmed 

it  up  as  well  as  he  could,  and  got  a  man  to  help 

him,  ami  the   two   "  worked  it  off"  in  barrows  ; 

tii-re    was   six    barrows    full,   and   as  one   was 

:    it  was  replenished.      It  was  sold  at  }<t. 

.a  lump;  about  twenty  lumps,  or  pieces, 
going  to  a  pound,  so  that  there  was  I4d.  profit 

fiat  cost  6d.,  even  on  the  p.-nny 
lumps.  He  had  forgotten  the  exact  amount  he 
cleared,  and  he  and  his  mate  sold  it  all  in  one 
•MMBer's  evening,  but  it  was  somewhere  about  1  <>•. 
This  happened  so  .  when  the  common 

sponge,  which   I   heard   c  died    alxo   "  lioneycomli" 
Sponge,  was  not    so   "  Mown    up-m,"   a>   in  . 
inant  expressed  it,  as  it  n  my  asking 

this    man    a-  n  of  Jewii   ir.    ttn- 

Well,   ni.-iny    a    «i.i\     I 

i  there's  100  people  selling  sponge,  and  I 

*  it  one 

d  half  of  them,  <>r 

f>rt  •  •:  I  mean  the  Christians  has, 

likely  v   supplies  the 

•newt  and  the  job  and  li\ery  »t 
«s  reiji.  own  sponge*,  bat 

y  bought  for 

-  nlillrrs'  and  otn-r  shopa.     In 
ws  is  brtu-r  Christina*  thna 


Christians  themselves,  for  they  help  one  another, 
and  we  don't.  I've  been  helped  by  a  Jew  my- 
self, without  any  connection  with  them.  They  're 
terrible  keen  hands  at  a  bargain,  though." 

The  sponge  in  the  street  trade  is  purchased, 
wholesale,  chiefly  in  Houndsditch.  The  wholesale 
trade  in  sponge,  I  may  add,  is  also  in  the  hands 
of  the  Jews.  The  great  mart  is  Smyrna,  the 
best  qualities  being  gathered  in  the  islands  of  the 
Greek  Archipelago.  The  sponge  is  carried  by 
the  street-traders  in  baskets,  the  bearer  holding  a 
specimen  piece  or  two  in  his  hand.  Smaller 
pieces  are  sometimes  carried  in  nets,  and  nets 
were  more  frequently  in  use  for  this  purpose  than 
at  present.  It  is  nearly  all  sold  by  itinerants,  ir. 
the  business  parts  as  well  as  the  suburbs,  the 
purchasers  beinir  "shopkeepers,  im.'r 
tlemen,  and  gentlemen's  servants."  Sometimes 
low-priced  sponge  is  offered  in  a  street-market  on 
a  Saturday  or  Monday  night,  but  very  ran 
it  is  a  thing  little  used  by  the  poor.  A  little  is 
sold  to  the  cabmen  at  their  stands.  The  sponge- 
sellers,  I  may  add,  when  going  a  regular  round, 
offer  their  wares  to  any  passer-by.  A  little  is 
done  by  the  Jews  in  bartering  sponge  for  old 
clothes.  There  are  five  or  six  women  in  the 
trade. 

I  have  reason  to  believe  that  the  estimate  of  my 
informant,  as  to  the  number  of  sponge-sellers,  is 
correct.     But  some  sell  sponge  only  occasionally, 
some  make  it  only  a  portion  of  their  business,  and 
others  vend  it  only  when  they  ''  have  it  a  bargain." 
Calculating,  then,   that  only  fifty  }>< 
lowing  for   the  irregularities   in    the  trade)   vend 
sponge  daily,  and  that  each  takes  15*.  weekly, — 
some  taking  25*.,  and  others  but  5*. — with  about, 
half  profit  on    the    whole    (the    common    - 
is  often  from  200  to  300  per  cent,  profit), 
the  outlay  to  be  18501. 

OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  WASH- LEATHERS. 
THE  wash-leathers,  sometimes  called  "  shammy*  " 
(chamois),  now  sold  extensively  in  the  streets,  are 
for  the  most  part  the  half  of  a  sheep-akin,  or  of 
:  lamb  skin.  The  skin  is  "  split  "  by  ma- 
chinery, and  to  a  perfed  ninety,  into  t\so  portions. 
That  known  as  the  "grain"  \tlie  part  to  which 
the  fleece  of  the  animal  is  atta.  \  tliin, 

and  is  dressed  into  a  "skiver,"  a  kind  ol   leather 
commoner    requirements    of    !>••  ik 
binding,  and  for  such  purposes  as  the  lining  of 
hats.      The  <.tlier  portion,    the  "  fle>h."  is  , 
as  wash  leather.     These  skins  are  I 
leather-sellers    and   the  1.  at  her  dressers,  HI 

•JO*,  the  docen.       The    lug  I 
those  from  1 2*.  are  often 
skma     The  grmi 
of    wasn-.rnthers    are    women,    ana    prv  • 

•   .it   m 

all    pnrts   of  town,  calling    at   shops  and    inn*  ; 
and    at    pri\«ite    houses  offering    t 
the  area  rails,    or  knocking   a:  when 

it   is  accessible.      Many   of    these 

-.hen,  who  nr  .id>ns. 

or  able  to   leure   their  younn. 


196 


LONDON'  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  care  of  an  older  brother  or  sister,  or  when  the 
poverty  of  the  parents,  or  their  culpable  neglect, 
is  extreme,  allow  them  to  run  at  large  in  the 
court  or  street,  untended.  The  wives  by  this 
street-trade  add  to  the  husbands'  earnings.  In 
the  respects  of  honesty  and  chastity,  these  women 
bear  good  characters. 

The  wash-leathers  are  sold  for  the  cleaning  of 
windows,  and  of  plate  and  metal  goods.  Six- 
pence is  a  common  price  for  a  leather,  the  higher 
priced  being  sold  at  the  mews  and  at  gentlemen's 
nouses.  The  "  chamois  "  sold  at  the  mews, 
however,  are  not  often  sold  by  the  Irishwomen, 
but  by  the  class  I  have  described  as  selling  scis- 
sors, &c.,  there.  The  leathers  are  also  cut  into 
pennyworths,  and  these  pennyworths  are  some- 
times sold  on  Saturday  evenings  in  the  street- 
markets. 

There  are,  I  am  assured,  100  individuals 
selling  little  or  nothing  else  but  wash-leathers 
(for  these  traders  are  found  in  all  the  suburbs)  in 
London,  and  that  they  take  105.  weekly,  with  a 
profit  of  from  4s.  to  5s.  There  are,  also,  100 
other  persons  selling  them  occasionally,  along  with 
other  goods,  and  as  they  vend  the  higher-priced 
articles,  they  probably  receive  nearly  an  equal 
amount.  Hence  it  would  appear  that  upwards  of 
60001.  is  annually  expended  in  the  streets  in 
this  purchase. 

OF  THK  STRBBT-SELLEBS  OF  SPECTACLES  AND 
EYK-GLASSES. 

TWENTY-FIVE  years  ago  the  street-trade  in  spec- 
tacles was  almost  entirely  in  the  hands  of  he 
Jews,  who  hawked  them  in  their  boxes  of  jewel- 
lery, and  sold  them  in  the  streets  and  public- 
houses,  carrying  them  in  their  hands,  as  is  done 
still.  The  trade  was  then  far  more  remunerative 
that  it  is  at  the  present  time  to  the  street-folk 
carrying  it  on.  "  People  had  more  money  then," 
one  old  spectacle-seller,  now  vending  sponges,  said, 
"  and  there  wasn't  so  many  forced  to  take  to  the 
streets,  Irish  particularly,  and  opticians'  charges 
were  higher  than  they  are  now,  and  those  who 
wanted  glasses  thought  they  were  a  take-in  if 
they  wasn't  charged  a  fair  price.  0,  times  was 
very  different  then." 

The  spectacles  in  the  street-trade  are  bought  at 
swag-shops  in  Houndsditch.  The  "  common  metal 
frames,"  with  or  without  slides,  are  2s.  6d.  to 
3s.  6d.  the  dozen  wholesale,  and  are  retailed  from 
4rf.  to  Is.  The  "  horn  frames  "  are  6s.  to  7s.  Qd. 
the  dozen,  and  are  retailed  from  9d.  to  ISd.,  and 
even  '2s.  The  "  thin  steel"  are  from  10*.  6d.  to 
21s.  the  dozen,  and  are  retailed  from  Is.  6d.  to  3*. 
There  are  higher  and  lower  prices,  but  those  I 
have  cited  are  what  are  usually  paid  by  the  street- 
traders.  The  inequality  of  the  retail  prices  is 
accounted  for  by  there  being  some  difference  in 
the  spectacles  in  a  dozen,  some  being  of  a  better- 
1-oking  material  in  horn  or  metal ;  others  better 
finished.  Then  there  is  the  chance  of  which 
street-sellers  are  not  slow  to  avail  themselves — 
("  no  more  nor  is  shopkeepers,  "  one  man  said) 
— I  mean,  the  chance  of  obtaining  an  enhanced 


price  for  an  article,  with  whose  precise  value  the 
buyer  is  unacquainted. 

"The  patter,"  said  the  street  trader  I  have 
before  quoted,  "  is  nothing  now,  to  what  I  're 
known  it.  You  call  it  patter,  but  I  don't.  I 
think  it's  more  in  the  way  of  persuasion,  and 
is  mostly  said  in  public-houses,  and  not  in 
the  streets.  Why,  I've  persuaded  people,  when 
I  was  in  the  trade  and  doing  well  at  it — for  that 
always  gives  you  spirits — I've  persuaded  them 
in  spite  of  their  eyes  that  they  wanted  glasses.  I 
knew  a  man  who  used  to  brag  that  he  could  talk 
people  blind,  and  then  they  bought !  It  wasn't 
old  people  I  so  much  sold  to  as  young  and  middle- 
aged.  I  think  perhaps  I  sold  as  many  because 
people  thought  they  looked  better,  or  more  know- 
ing in  them,  than  to  help  their  eyesight.  I  've 
known  my  customers  try  my  glasses,  one  pair 
after  another,  in  the  chimney  glass  of  a  public- 
house  parlour.  'They're  real  Scotch  pebbles,'  I 
used  to  say  sometimes — and  I  always  had  a  fair 
article, — '  and  was  intended  for  a  solid  silver  frame 
but  the  frame  was  made  too  small  for  them,  and 
so  I  got  them  and  put  them  into  this  frame  myself, 
for  I  'm  an  optician,  out  of  work,  by  trade. 
They're  worth  15*.,  but  you  may  have  them, 
framed  and  all,  for  7s.  6<J.'  I  got  5s.  for  one  pair 
once  that  way  but  they  were  a  superior  thing ;  I 
had  them  a  particular  bargain."  One  man  told 
me  that  not  long  ago  he  asked  lOd.  for  a  pair 
of  spectacles,  and  a  journeyman  slop-tailor  said 
to  him,  "  Why  I  only  gave  Is.  for  this  pair  I  'm 
wearing  a  few  years  back,  and  they  ought  to  be 
less  than  lOd.  now,  for  the  duty's  off  glass." 

The  eye-glasses  sold  in  the  streets  are  "framed" 
in  horn.  They  are  bought  at  the  same  places  as 
the  spectacles,  and  cost,  wholesale,  for  "  single 
eyes"  4s.  6d.  to  7s.  Qd.  the  dozen.  The  retail 
price  is  from  6d.  to  Is.  The  "  double  eyes,"  which 
are  jointed  in  the  middle  so  that  the  frame  can  be 
fitted  to  the  bridge  of  the  nose,  are  10s.  Qd.  to 
15s.  the  dozen,  and  are  retailed  by  the  street-folk 
from  Is.  3d.  to  2s.  each. 

The  spectacles  are  sold  principally  to  working 
men,  and  are  rarely  hawked  in  the  suburbs.  The 
chief  sale  is  in  public-houses,  but  they  are  offered 
in  all  the  busier  thoroughfares  and  wherever  a 
crowd  is  assembled.  "  The  eye-glasses,"  said  a 
man  who  vended  them,  "  is  sold  to  what  I  calls 
counter-hoppers  and  black-legs.  You '11  see  most 
of  the  young  swells  that 's  mixed  up  with  gaming 
concerns  at  races — for  there 's  gaming  still,  though 
the  booths  is  put  down  in  many  places — sport 
their  eye-glasses ;  and  so  did  them  as  used  to  be 
concerned  in  getting  up  Derby  and  St.  Leger 
'  sweeps '  at  public-houses  ;  least- ways  I  've  sold 
to  them,  where  sweeps  was  held,  and  they  was 
busy  about  them,  and  offered  me  a  chance,  some- 
times, for  a  handsome  eye-glass.  ?'Jt  they  're  going 
out  of  fashion,  is  eye-glasses,  I  think.  The  other 
day  I  stood  and  offered  them  for  nearly  five  hours 
at  the  foot  of  London-bridge,  which  used  to  be  a 
tidy  pitch  for  them,  and  I  couldn't  sell  one.  All 
that  day  I  didn't  take  a  halfpenny." 

There  are  sometimes  100  men,  the  half  of 
whom  are  Jews  and  Irishmen  in  equal  proper- 


LONDON  L 


A.VD  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


497 


tioni,  now  gelling  spectacles  and  eye-glasses.  Some 
of  these  traders  are  feeble  from  age,  accident, 
continued  sickness,  or  constitution,  and  represent 
that  they  must  carry  on  a  '*  light  trade,"  being 
incapable  of  hard  work,  even  if  they  could  get  it. 
Two  women  sell  spectacles  along  with  Dutch 
drops.  As  in  other  "  light  trades,"  the  spectacle 
tellers  do  not,  as  a  body,  confine  themselves  to 
those  wares,  but  resort,  as  one  told  me,  "  to  any- 
thing that  's  up  at  the  time  and  promises  belter," 
for  a  love  of  change  is  common  among  those  who 
pursue  a  street  life.  It  may  be  estimated,  I  am 
assured,  that  there  are  thirty-five  men  (so  allowing 
for  the  breaks  in  regular  spectacle  selling)  who 
vend  them  daily,  taking  15s.  a  week  (with  a 
profit  of  10*.),  the  yearly  expenditure  being  thus 


OF  THE  STRKKT-SKLLKRS  OF  DOLLS. 
THE  making  of  dolls,  like  that  of  many  a  thing 
required  for  a  mere  recreation,  a  toy,  a  pastime,  is 
often  carried  on  amidst  squalor,  wretchedness,  or 
privation,  or  —  to   use  the  word  I  have  frequently 
.unong  the  poor  —  "pinching."  Of  this  matter, 
•r,  I  shall  have  to  treat  when  I  proceed  to 
consider   the   manufacture  of  and  trade  in   dolls 
generally,  not  merely  as  respects  street-sale. 

Dolls  are  now  so  cheap,  and  so  generally  sold 
by  open-air  traders  whose  wares  are  of  a  miscel- 
laneous character,  as  among  the  "swag-barrow" 
or  "  penny-a  piece"  men  of  whom  I  have  treated 
separately,  that  the  sale  of  what  are  among  the 
most  ancient  of  all  toys,  as  a  "  business  of  itself," 
is  far  smaller,  numerically,  than  it  was. 

The  dolls  are  most  usually  carried  in  baskets 
by  street-sellers  ^who  are  not  makers)  and  gene- 
rally by  women  who  are  very  poor.  Here  and 
theie  in  ihe  streets  most  frequented  by  the  patrons 
of  the  open-air  trade  may  be  seen  a  handsome 
stall  of  dolls  of  all  sizes  and  fashions,  but  these 
•re  generally  the  property  of  makers,  although 
those  makers  may  buy  a  portion  of  their  stock. 
There  are  also  smaller  stalls  which  may  present 
the  stock  of  the  mere  seller. 

The  drills  for  street  traffic  may  be  bought  at 

the  swag-shops  or  of  the  makers.     For  the  little 

armies*  Id.  dolls  the  maker  charges  the  street-seller 

8*.,  and   to  the  swag-shop  keeper  who  may  buy 

,  It.  6d.  the  dozen.     Some  little  stalls  are 

composed  entirely  of  penny  dolls  ;  on  others  the 

prices  run  fr  /.     The  chief  trade,  bow 

inong  the  class  I  now  describe,  is  carried  on 

display  of  dolls  in  baskets.     If  the  vendor 

ly  attract  ti  Children  —  and  more 

n  a  privafe  suburban  residence,  where 

children  are  not  used  to  the  tight  of  dolls  on  stall* 

or  barrows,  or  in  shops  —  and  can  thower  a  few 

blessings  and  compliment*,  "God  be   wid  your 

bhuttful    facet    thin  —  and   your*   too,  my   Udy, 

ma'am  (with  a  curttey  to  mistrett  or  maid).     Bay 

one  of  tlirfte  doll*  of  a  poor  woman  :  thure  they  're 

bhutiful  ii«ll*  and  nhuted  for  than  angel*  o'  the 

rcunutaacea,  I  My,  a  tale 

is  almost  certain.      I  may  add   that  the  word*  I 
have  giwn  I   miiiclf  heard  a  poor  Imhwoa 

I  had  *een  More  *ellia4  large  pinouhioat 


n  the  same  neighbourhood  (that  of  the  Regent'f 
Park),  address  to  a  lady  who  was  walking  round 
her  garden  accompanied  by  two  children. 

A  vendor  of  dolls  expresses  an  opinion  that  as 
long  as  ever  there  are  children  from  two  years  old 
to  ten,  there  will  always  be  purchasers  of  dolls; 
"  but  for  all  that,"  said  he,  "  somehow  or  another 
't  is  nothing  of  a  trade  to  what  it  used  to  be.  I  've 
seen  the  time  when  I  could  turn  out  in  the  morn- 
ing and  earn  a  pound  afore  night;  but  it's  dif- 
ferent now  there  's  so  many  bazaars,  and  so  manv 
toy  shops  that  the  doll  hawker  hasn't  half  the 
chance  he  used  to  have.  Sartinly  we  gets  a 
chance  now  and  then — tine  days  is  the  best — and 
if  we  can  get  into  the  squares  or  where  the 
children  walks  with  their  nurses,  we  can  do  tidy  ; 
but  the  police  are  so  very  particular  there 's  not 
much  of  a  livelihood  to  be  got.  Spoiled  children 
are  our  best  customers.  Whenever  we  sees  a 
likely  customer  approaching — we,  that  is,  those 
who  know  their  business — always  throw  ourselves 
in  the  way,  and  spread  out  our  dolls  to  ti; 
advantage.  If  we  hears  young  miss  say  she  mil 
have  one,  and  cries  for  it,  we  are  almost  sure  of  a 
customer,  and  if  we  see  her  kick  and  fight  a  bit 
with  the  miss-maid  we  are  sure  of  a  good  price. 
If  a  child  cries  veU  we  never  baits  our  price. 
Most  of  the  doll-sellers  are  the  manufacturers  of 
the  dolls — that  is,  I  mean,  they  puts  'em  together. 
The  heads  are  made  in  Hamburgh  ;  the  principal 
places  for  buying  them  in  London  are  at  Alfred 
Davis's,  in  Houndsditch  ;  White's,  in  Houndsditch; 
and  Joseph's,  in  Leaden  hall-street  They  are  sold 
as  thus:— The  heads  that  we  sell  for*3 
when  made  up,  cost  us  It.  Qd.  per  gross,  or  7}(/. 
per  dozen  ;  these  are  called  1 — O's.  No.  'J — 
O's.,  are  8*.  6d.  per  gross,  and  No.  3— O's.  10*. 
per  gross.  One  yard  and  half  of  calico  will  make 
a  dozen  bodies,  small  size.  These  we  get  sewn 
for  three  halfpence,  and  we  stuffs  and  finishes 
them  ourselve*. 

"When  our  3<£.  dolls  are  made  up,  they  cost 
about  Is.  per  dozen — so  there  i.i  'J(/.  profit  on  every 
doll,  which  I  thinks  is  little  enough  ;  but  we 
often  tells  'em  at  2d. ;  we  la\  :  >  the 

best  advantage  in  a  deep  basket,  all  standing  up. 
as  it  were,  or  leaning  against  the  side*  of  the 
basket  The  leg*  ami  bodies  is  carefully  wrapped 
in  tissue  paper,  no:  exactly  to  preserve  the  lower 
part  of  the  doll,  for  that  'isn't  so  very  valuable, 
but  in  reality  to  conceal  the  leg*  and  body,  which 
i*  rather  the  reverse  of  - 

II  look*  aa  if  it  were  la: 

under  nn  attack  of  the  gout.     There  are,  however, 
»ome  very  neat  article*  exported  from  Germany, 
especially  the  jointed  doll*,  but  they  are  too  dear 
for  the  street  h.iwkrr,  nnd  would  not  show  to  such 
advantage.     There  i*  alto  the  plaiter  doll*,  with 
the  match  leg*.     I  won.; 
stand,  for  they  are  very  old •fiuhioned  ;  b 
r  you  never  tee  a  chandler'*  thop  ••• 
wilhoutMcingOM of tb«M *tirkin>{  in  it,  and  a 
down  a*  if  it  WM  drunk.     Then  there  '•  the  wax 
doll*.     Some  of  'em  are  made  of  wax,  an<i 
°f '  P*Fpy  "•«*.»/  And  afterward*  dipped  in  wax. 
The  cheapest  and  W*l  mart  for  thc*o  is  in  Darb»> 


498 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUB  LONDON  POOR. 


can ;  it  would  astonish  many  if  they  knew 
exactly  what  was  laid  out  in  the  course  of  a  year 
in  dolls.  It  would  be  impossible,  I  think,  to  ascer- 
tain  exactly  ;  but  I  think  I  could  guess  something 
near  the  mark.  There  are,  at  least,  at  this  time 
of  year,  when  the  fairs  are  coming  on,  fifty  doll- 
hawkers,  who  sell  nothing  else.  Say  each  of  these 
sellsone  dozen  dolls  perday,  and  that  their  average 
price  is  4rf.  each.  That  is  just  1  Qt.  a  day,  and  60^. 
per  week.  In  the  winter  time  so  many  are  not 
sold  ;  but  I  have  no  doubt  that  50/.'s  worth  of  dolls 
ore  sold  each  week  throughout  the  year  by  Lon- 
don hawkers  alone,  or  just  upon  3000/.  per  annum. 
The  shops  sell  as  many  as  the  hawkers,  and  the 
stalls  attending  fairs  half  the  amount ;  and  you 
may  safely  say  that  the  sum  taken  for  dolls  in  and 
around  London  in  one  year  amounts  to  7/»ou/. 
A  doll-merchant  can  begin  business  with  a  trifle," 
continued  my  informant ;  "  a  shilling  will  obtain 
a  dozen  3d.  dolls.  If  you  have  no  basket,  carry 
them  in  your  arms,  although  they  don't  show  oir' 
to  such  advantage  there  as  they  do  when  nicely 
basketed  ;  however,  if  you  've  luck,  yon  in;:y  somi 
raise  a  basket ;  for  3s.  Gd.  you  can  get  a  very 
nice  one  ;  and  although  the  doll  trade  is  not  what 
it  used  to  be,  there  ate,"  said  my  informant, 
"  worse  games  than  that  yet,  I  know.  One  man, 
who  is  now  in  a  very  respectable  way  of  business 
— '  a  regular  gentleman — was  a  verv  few  years 
ago  only  a  doll-hawker.  Another  man,  u  ho  h.id 
two  hands  and  only  one  arm — poor  fellow  !  he 
was  born  with  one  arm,  and  had  two  hands,  one 
appended  to  his  arm  in  the  usual  way,  and  the 
other  attached  to  his  shoulder — a  freak  of  nature, 
I  think,  they  called  it.  However,  my  one-armed 
friend  keeps  now  a  very  respectable  liftle  swag- 
shop  at  North  Shields,  in  Northumberland." 

I  inquired  of  my  informant  whether  he  ob- 
jected to  relate  a  little  of  his  history  1  He  replied, 
'*  not  the  least,"  and  recounted  as  follows  : — 

"  They  call  me  Dick  tlie  Dollman.  I  was,  I 
believe,  the  first  as  ever  cried  dolls  three  a  shilling 
in  the  streets.  Afore  I  began  they  al'ays  stood 
still  with  'em ;  but  I  cried  'em  out  same  as  they 
do  mackrel ;  that  is  twenty  years  ago.  I  wasn't 
originally  a  doll-seller.  My  father  was  a  pensioner 
in  Greenwich  College.  My  mother  used  to  hawk, 
and  had  a  licence.  I  was  put  to  sch.n.1  in  St. 
Patrick's-school,  Lanark's-passage,  where  I  re- 
mained six  years,  but  I  didn't  learn  much.  At 
thirteen  years  of  age  I  was  apprenticed  to  a  brush 
and  broom  maker's,  corner  of  C —  —  Street,  Spit- 
alfields.  My  master  was  not  the  honestest  chap 
in  the  world,  for  he  bought  hair  illegal,  was  found 
out,  and  got  transported  for  seven  years.  A  man 
who  worked  for  my  master  took  me  to  finish  my 
apprenticeship  ;  this  man  and  his  wife  was  very 
old  people.  I  used  to  work  four  days  in  the 
week,  two  for  them  and  two  for  myself;  the 
other  two  days  I  went  out  hawking  brooms  and 
brushes,  and  very  often  would  earn  7*.  or  8*.  on  a 
Saturday,  but  times  was  better  then  than  they  are 
now.  Arter  that,  for  sake  of  gain,  I  left  the  old 
people,  I  was  offered  20*.  to  make  and  hawk  ;  and  in 
course  I  took  it.  I  remained  with  this  master  five 
months  ;  he  was  afflicted  with  rheumatic  fever — 


went  into  the  hospital — and  I  was  left  to  shift  fol 
myself.  When  my  master  went  to  the  hospital  I 
had  7s.  6d.  in  my  pocket ;  I  knew  1  must 
do  something,  and,  to  tell  you  the  truth,  1 
didn't  like  the  brush-making ;  I  would  rather 
have  hawked  something  without  the  trouble  of 
making  it.  I  think  now  I  was  a  little  afflicted 
with  laziness.  I  was  passing  London-bridge  and 
saw  a  man  selling  Marshall's  pocket-books ;  I 
knowed  him  afore  ;  I  thought  I  should  like  to  try 
the  pocket-book  selling,  and  communicated  my 
wishes  to  the  man  ;  he  told  me  they  cost  eight 
shillings  a  dozen,  if  I  liked  we  would  purchase  a 
dozen  a'twixt  us  ;  we  did  so ;  I  received  half  a 
dozen,  but  I  afterwards  learned  that  my  friend 
obtained  seven  for  his  share,  as  they  were  sold 
thirteen  to  the  dozen.  I  went  to  Chancery-lane 
with  my  lot  and  was  very  lucky ;  I  sold  the  six 
books  to  one  gentleman  for  six  shillings:  in  course 
I  soon  obtained  another  supply ;  that  day  I  sold  four 
dozen,  and  earned  20,v.  I  was  such  a  good  seller  that 
Marshall  let  me  have  3/.  or  4/.'s  worth  on  credit — and 
I  never  paid  him.  I  know  that  was  wrong  now  , 
but  I  was  such  a  foolish  chap,  and  used  to  spend 
my  money  as  fast  as  I  got  it.  I  would  have 
given  Marshall  a  shilling  the  other  day  if  I  had 
had  one,  for  I  see  him  selling  penny  books  in  the 
street.  I  thought  it  was  hard  lines,  and  had  been 
such  a  gentleman  too.  Somerset-house  corner 
.i|»iuil  stand  for  selling  pocket-books.  The 
way  I  took  to  the  dolls  was  this;  I  met  a  girl 
with  a  doll  basket  one  day  as  I  was  standing  at 
Somerset-house  corner ;  she  and  I  pot  a  talking. 
'Will  you  go  to  the'Delphy  tonight?'  saysl;  she 
|  consented.  They  was  a  playing  Tom  and  Jerry 
at  this  time,  all  the  street-sellers  went  to  see  it. 
and  other  people  ;  and  nice  and  crabbed  some  on 
em  was.  Well,  we  goes  to  the  '  Delphy — and  I 
s.-es  her  often  arter  that,  and  at  last  gets  married. 
She  used  to  buy  her  dolls  ready  made  ;  I  soon 
finds  out  where  to  get  the  heads — and  the  profits 
when  \\e  made  them  ourselves  was  much  greater. 
We  began  to  serve  hawkers  and  shops  ;  went  to 
Bristol—  saved  47/. — comes  to  London  and  spends 
it  all ;  walks  back  to  Bristol,  and  by  the  time  we 
got  there  we  had  cleared  more  than  20/.  We 
were  about  a  month  on  the  journey,  and  visited 
Cheltenham  and  other  towns.  We  used  to  spend 
our  money  very  foolishly ;  we  were  too  fond  of 
what  was  called  getting  on  the  spree.  You  se* 
we  might  have  done  well  if  we  had  liked,  but  we 
hadn't  the  sense.  My  wife  got  very  clever  at  the 
dolls  and  so  did  I.  Then  I  tried  my  hand  at  the 
wax  dolls,  and  got  to  make  them  very  well.  I 
paid  a  guinea  tn  learn. 

"  I  was  selling  wax-dolls  one  day  in  London, 
and  a  gentleman  asked  me  if  I  could  mend  a  wax 
figure  whose  face  was  broken.  I  replied  yes,  for 
I  had  made  a  few  wax  heads,  large  size,  for  some 
showmen.  I  had  made  some  murderers  who  wai 
hung;  lately  I  made  Rush  and  Mr.  and  Mrs. 
Manning  ;  but  the  showmen  can't  afford  to  get 
new  heads  now-a-days,  so  they  generally  makef 
one  head  do  for  all ;  sometimes  they  changes  the 
dress.  Well,  as  I  was  telling  you,  I  went  with 
this  gentleman,  and  proposed  that  he  should  have 


T.OSDQN  L 


A  XI)  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


499 


a  ne'.v  head  cast,  for  the  face  of  the  figure  was  so 
much  broken.  It  was  Androcles  pulling  the 
thorn  out  of  the  lion's  foot,  and  was  to  be  ex- 
hibited. I  got  20*.  for  making  the  new  head. 
The  gentleman  asked  me  if  I  knew  the  story 
about  Androcles.  Now  I  had  never  heard  on  him 
afore,  but  I  didn't  like  to  confess  my  ignorance, 
go  I  says  '  yes ;'  then  he  offers  me  30.<.  a  week  to 
describe  it  in  the  Flora  Gardens,  where  it  was  to 
be  exhibited.  I  at  once  accepted  the  engagement ; 
but  I  was  in  a  bit  of  a  fix,  for  I  didn't  know 
what  to  say.  I  inquired  of  a  good  many  people, 
but  none  on  'em  could  tell  me  ;  at  last  I  was 
advised  to  go  to  Mr.  Charles  Sloman — you  know 
who  I  mean — him  as  makes  a  song  and  si  HITS  it 
directly  ;  I  was  told  he  writes  things  for  people. 
I  went,  and  he  wrote  me  out  a  patter.  I  asked 
him  how  much  he  charged ;  he  said,  '  Nothing  my 
man.'  Sartinly  he  wasn't  long  a-doing  it,  but  it 
was  Tery  kind  of  him.  I  got  what  .Mr.  Sloman 
wrote  out  for  me  printed,  and  this  I  stuck  inside, 
my  hat ;  the  people  couldn't  see  it,  though  I  dare 
say  they  wondered  what  I  was  looking  in  my  hat 
about.  However,  in  a  \\eek  or  so,  I  got  it  by 
heart,  and  could  speak  it  well  enough.  After  ex- 
hibiting Androcles  I  got  an  engagement  with 
another  waxwork  show — named  Biancis — and 
afterwards  at  other  shows.  I  was  considered  a 
»d  doorsman  in  time,  but  there's  very  little 
to  be  got  by  that  now  ;  so  we  keeps  to  the  dolly 
business,  and  finds  we  can  get  a  better  living  at 
that  than  anything  else.  Me  and  the  old  woman 
can  earn  II.  a  week,  bad  and  all  as  things  are ; 
but  we're  obliged  to  hawk. ' 

OF  THE  "  SWAG-BARROWMBK,"  AND  "  LOT- 
SELLERS." 

THE  "swag"  (miscellaneous)  barrow  is  one  of 
the  objects  in  the  streets  which  attracts,  perhaps 
adily  than  any  other,  the  regards  of  the 
passer-by.  There  are  so  many  articles*  and  of  such 
various  uses  ;  they  are  often  so  closely  packed,  so 
new  and  clean  looking,  and  every  here  and  there 
so  tastefully  arranged,  that  this  street-trader's 
barrow  really  repays  an  examination.  Here  are 
spread  on  the  flat  part  of  the  barrow,  pepper- 

or     boxen,    tea  caddies,     nu 
r  cruets,   pen-cases,  glass  or  « : 

:>,  beads,  earrings,  finder-rim:* 
•  r  with   "stones"),  cases  of  - 

Exhibition  in.-iiaU 

and  "  frames  "  (framed   pit  :ures),  watches,  shawl- 
pint,    extinguishers,    trumpets   and    other     toys, 
kaleidoscopes,  seals,  combs,  lockets,  thimbles,  txmtr 
-•nail   playing-oirds,  teetotums,  shut- 
-,  shirt-fttudft  or  button*,  hooka 
at  studs,  money-boxes,  »|H>OIU,  boxes 
of  toy*.  _•-,  and  glass  article- 

as  wit-cellar*  and  smell  ing-bottle*.  On  one  barrow 
were  225  art 

At  the  back  and  sides  of  the  •wag-barrow  are 
generally  articles  which  arr  brat  duplayrd 
erect    position.       These  are    children's     wooden 
•word*,  whip*,  climbing  monkey*,  and   tumblers, 
1  »nakes  twisting  to  the  wind    from 


of  a   stick,    kites,  and   such    things   as    tin   o-tr- 
holders. 

Perhaps  on  very  few  harrows  or  stalls  are  to  bt 
seen  all  the  articles  1  have  enumerated,  but  they 
are  all  "  in  the  trade,"  and,  if  not  found  in  this 
man's  stock,  may  be  found  in  his  neighbour's. 
Things  which  attain  only  a  temporary  sale.  Mich 
as  galvanic  rings,  the  Lord's  Prayer  in  th 
pass  of  a  sixpence,  gutta-percha  heads,  &c.,  are 
also  to  be  found,  during  the  popular  demand,  in 
the  miscellaneous  trader's  stock. 

Each  of  the  articles  enumerated  is  retailed  at 
Id.  "  Only  a  penny  !"  is  the  cry,  "  pick  Vm  out 
anywhere  ;  wherever  your  taste  lies  ;  only  a 
penny,  a  penny,  a  penny  !"  But  on  a  few  other 
barrows  are  goods,  mixed  with  the  "penny'' 
of  a  higher  price ;  such  as  knives  and 
forks,  mustard  pots,  sham  beer  glasses  (the  glasses 
which  appear  to  hold  l>eer  frothing  to  the  brim), 
higher-priced  articles  of  jewellery,  skipping 
drums,  china  ornaments,  \c.  At  these  barrows 
the  prices  run  from  Id.  to  1*. 

The   practice   of   selling   by   commission,    the 
same   as    I    have   shown    to   prevail   among  the 
costers,  exists  among  the  miscellaneous  dea 
whom  I  am  treating,  who  are  known  amon- 
folk  as    "  swag-barrowmen,"   or.  in    the    populai 
ellipsis,  "penny  swags;"  the  word  "swag"  mean- 
ing, as  I  before  showed,  a  collection— a  lot. 

The  "swag-men"  are  often  confounded  with 
the  "lot-sellers";  so  that  I  proceed  to  show  the 
difference. 

The  Lot-StUcrg  proper,  are  those  who  vend  a 
variety  of  small  articles,  or  "a  lot,"  all  for   !</. 
A  "  lot"  frequently  consists  of  a  sheet  of  songs,  a 
Chinese   puzzle,  a  51.  note   (Bank  of  Kl. .. 
an    Exhibition    snuff-box   (containing   6    c; 
a  half  jack  (half  sovereign),  a  gold  ring,  a 
ring,  and  a  chased  keeper  with  rose, 
shamrock  on  it.     The  lots  are  diversified   with 
packs   of  a   few   cards,   little  pewter  ornaments, 
boxes  of  small  wooden  toys,  shir t-buttons,  baby 
thunliles,  beads,  tiny  scent  bottles,  and  such  like. 

The  "penny  apiece"  or  "  swag"  trade,  as  con- 
tradistinguished trim  the  "  penny  lots "  vended  by 
the  lot  seller*,  was  originated  by  a  man  who,  some 
19  years  ago,  sold  a  variety  of  tnhVs  from  a  ten- 
tray  in  Petticoat- lane.  My  informant  had  heard 
him  say — for  the  original  "  p.  died 

irs  ago — Hint  h<-  did  it  to  ±,  i  rid  of  the  odds 
and  ends  of  his  stock.     The  •ystrm,  however,  at 
once  attracted  popularity,  and  tin  fortunate 
seller  prospered  and  "  «1 

that  period  penny  goods   •  MRS  as 

sweet  stuffs,  pastry,  \c.)  were  far  less  numerous 
in  the  Htrrru,  and  yet  1  have  never  met  « 
old  sir  statement  fully  borne 

old  «i 
IIMIIIIO-  va»v    pei.iue.  to  he  !.,r    mope  a>. „!,,:;,.  t    in 

those  days  among  the  poorer  and  iven  middle 

classss.     There  were,  morro-er,  far 

chapmen,  so  that  this  novel  mode  of  business  had 

p»rry  rhnn...  •„  tj,nvr. 

The  origin  of  ••  lotscllmg/  or  eel 

•trad  of  penny  articles,  was  nor*  • 
It      as  commenced  by  an    ingenious  Swissft 


500 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  1'uvR. 


year  after  the  "penny  apiece"  trade), 
known  in  the  street  circles  as  "  Swede."  He  was 
a  refugee,  a  Roman  Catholic,  and  a  hot  poli- 
tician. He  spoke  and  understood  English  well, 
but  had  no  sympathy  with  the  liberal  parties  in 
this  country.  "  He  was  a  republican,"  he  would 
saj,  "and  the  Chartists  were  only  milk  and 
water."  When  he  established  his  lot-selling  he 
used  to  place  to  his  mouth  an  instrument,  which 
was  described  to  me  as  "  like  a  doubled  card," 
and  play  upon  it  very  finely.  This  would  attract 
a  crowd,  and  he  would  then  address  them  in  good 
English,  but  with  a  slight  foreign  accent :  "  My 
frents ;  come  to  me,  and  I  will  show  you  my 
musical  instruments,  which  will  play  Italian,  Swiss, 
French,  Scotch,  Irish,  or  any  tunes.  And  here 
you  see  beautiful  cheap  lots  of  useful  tings,  and 
elegant  tings.  A  penny  a  lot,  a  penny  a  lot!" 
The  arrangement  of  the  "lots"  was  similar  to 
what  it  is  at  present,  but  the  components  of  the 
pennyworth  were  far  less  numerous.  This  man 
carried  on  a  good  trade  in  London  for  two  or 
three  years,  and  then  applied  his  industry  to  a 
country  more  than  a  town  career.  He  died  about 
five  or  six  years  ago,  at  his  abode  in  Fashion-street, 
Spitalfieldg,  "  worth  money."  At  the  time  of  his 
decease  he  was  the  proprietor  of  two  lodging-houses; 
one  in  Spitalfields,  the  other  in  Birmingham,  both 
I  am  told,  well  conducted  ;  the  charge  was  4<2.  a 
night.  He  did  not  reside  in  either,  but  employed 
"  deputies."  I  may  observe  that  he  sold  his  "  mu- 
sical instruments,"  also,  at  Id.  each,  but  the  sale 
w.i s  insignificant.  "  Only  himself  seemed  master 
of  'em,"  said  one  man ;  "  with  other  people  they 
were  no  better  nor  a  Jew's-harp." 

Of  the  "  penny  apiece  "  street-vendors,  there 
are  about  300  in  London ;  250  having  barrows, 
and  50  stalls  or  pitches  on  the  ground.  Some 
even  s-11  at  "a  halfpenny  apiece,"  but  chiefly  to 
get  rid  of  inferior  wares,  or  when  "  cracked  up," 
and  unable  to  "  spring  "  a  better  stock.  The  bar- 
rows are  7  feet  by  3  ;  are  well  built  in  general, 
and  cost  50s.  each.  These  barrows,  when  fully 
stocked,  are  very  heavy  (about  4  cwt.),  so  that  it 
requires  a  strong  man  to  propel  one  any  distance, 
and  though  occasionally  the  man's  wife  officiates 
as  the  saleswoman,  there  is  always  a  man  con- 
nected with  the  business.  In  my  description  of 
s  stock  of  penny  goods,  I  have  mentioned  that 
there  were  225  articles  ;  these  were  counted  on  a 
barrow  in  a  street  near  the  Brill — but  probably  on 
another  occasion  (when  there  appeared  a  better 
chance  of  selling)  there  might  be  500  articles,  such 
things  as  rings  and  the  like  admitting  of  being 
stowed  by  the  hundred  in  very  small  compass. 
The  great  display,  however,  is  only  on  the  occa- 
•ion  of  holidays,  or  "  when  a  man  starts  and  wants 
to  stun  you  with  a  show."  At  Maidstone  Fair 
the  other  da}',  a  London  street-seller,  rather  well 
to  do,  sold  his  entire  stock  of  penny  articles  to  a 
shopkeeper  of  the  town,  and  when  counted  there 
were  exactly  fifteen  gross,  or  2160  "pieces "as 
they  are  sometimes  called.  These,  Tended  at  Id. 
each,  would  realize  just  O/.,  and  would  cost, 
wholesale,  about  61.,  or  for  ready  money,  at  the 
swag-shops,  where  they  may  be  bought,  fiom  10o. 


to  20s.  less,  according  to  the  bargaining  p»wer$:  of 
the  buyer.  The  man's  reason  for  selling  was  that 
the  Fair  was  "  no  good  ; "  that  is  to  say,  the  far- 
mers had  no  money,  and  their  labourers  received 
only  7«.  a  week,  so  there  was  nc  demand ;  the 
swag-seller,  therefore,  rather  than  incur  the 
trouble  and  expense  of  having  to  carry  his  wares 
back  to  London,  sold  at  a  loss  to  a  shopkeeper  iu 
Maidstone,  who  wanted  a  stock. 

The  swag-barrowmen  selling  on  commission 
have  3s.  in  every  20s.  worth  of  goods  that  they 
sell.  The  commission  may  average  from  9s.  to  12*. 
a  week  in  tolerable  weather,  but  as  in  bad,  and 
especially  in  foggy  weather,  the  trade  cannot  be 
prosecuted  at  all,  7*.  6c/.  may  be  the  highest  aver- 
age, or  10s.  the  year  through. 

The  character  of  the  penny  swag-men  belongs 
more  to  that  of  the  costermongers  than  to  any 
other  class  of  street-folk.  Many  of  them  drink  as 
freely  as  their  means  will  permit.  I  was  told  of  a 
match  between  a  teetotaller  and  a  beer-drinker, 
about  nine  years  ago.  It  was  for  5*.  a  side,  and 
the  "  Championship."  Each  man  started  with  an 
equal  stock,  alike  in  all  respects,  but  my  informant 
had  forgotten  the  precise  number  of  articles. 
They  pattered,  twenty-five  yards  apart  one  from 
another,  three  hours  in  James-street,  Covent- 
garden  ;  three  hours  in  the  Blackfriars-road  ;  and 
three  hours  in  Deptford.  The  teetotaller  was 
"  sold  out  "  in  seven-and-a-half  hours ;  while  his 
opponent — and  the  contest  seems  to  have  been 
carried  on  very  good-humouredly — at  the  nine 
hours'  end,  had  four  dozen  articles  left,  and  was 
rather  exhausted,  or,  as  it  was  described  to  me, 
"  told  out."  The  result,  albeit,  was  not  looked 
upon,  I  was  assured,  as  anything  very  decisive  of 
the  relative  merits  of  beer  or  water,  as  the  source 
of  strength  or  inspiration  of  "  patter."  The  tee- 
totaller was  the  smarter,  though  he  did  not  appear 
the  stronger,  man ;  he  abandoned  the  champion- 
ship, and  went  into  another  trade  four  years  ago. 
The  patter  of  the  swag-men  has  nothing  of  the 
humour  of  the  paper- workers ;  it  is  merely  de- 
claratory that  the  extensive  stock  offered  on  such 
liberal  terms  to  the  public  would  furnish  a  whole- 
sale shop  ;  that  such  another  opportunity  for  cheap 
pennyworths  could  never  by  any  possibility  occur 
again,  and  that  it  was  a  duty  on  all  who  heard  the 
patterer  to  buy  at  once. 

The  men  having  their  own  barrows  or  stalls 
(but  the  stall-trade  is  small)  buy  their  goods  as 
they  find  their  stock  needs  replenishment  at  the 
swag-shopa.  "  It  was  a  good  trade  at  first,  sir," 
said  one  man,  "  and  for  its  not  being  a  good 
trade  now,  we  may  partly  blame  one  another. 
There  was  a  cutting  down  trade  among  us. 
Black  earrings  were  bought  at  14<Z.  the  dozen, 
and  sold  at  a  loss  at  Id.  each.  So  were  children's 
trap-bats,  and  monkeys  up  sticks,  but  they  are 
now  9c£.  a  dozen.  Sometimes,  sir,  as  I  know, 
the  master  of  a  swag-barrow  gets  served  out.  You 
see,  a  man  may  once  on  a  time  have  a  good  day, 
and  take  as  much  as  21.  Well,  next  day  he'll 
use  part  of  that  money,  and  go  as  a  penny  iwag 
on  his  own  account ;  or  else  he  '11  buy  things  he  is 
•old  out  of,  and  work  them  on  his  own  account  an 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


501 


his  master's  barrow.  All  right,  sir ;  his  master 
makes  him  a  convenience  for  his  own  pocket,  and 
BO  his  master  may  be  made  a  convenience  for  the 
man's.  When  he  takes  the  barrow  back  at  the 
week's  end,  if  he  's  been  doing  a  little  on  his  own 
dodge,  there 's  the  stock,  and  there  's  the  money. 
It's  nil  right  between  a  rich  man  and  a  poor 
man  that  way  ;  turn  and  turn  about 's  fair  play." 

The  lot-sellers  are,  when  the  whole  body  are 
in  London,  about  200  in  number;  but  they  are 
three  times  as  itinerant  into  the  country  as  are 
the  traders  in  the  heavier  and  little  portable  swag- 
barrows.  The  lot-sellers  nearly  all  vend  their 
goods  from  trays  slung  from  their  shoulders.  The 
best  localities  for  the  lot-sellers  are  Ratcliffe-high- 
way,  Commercial-road,  Whitechapel,  Minories, 
Tower-hill,  Tooley-street,  Newington-causeway, 
Walworth,  Blackfriars  and  Westminster-roads, 
Long-arre,  Holborn,  and  Oxford-street.  To  this 
list  may  be  added  the  Brill,  Tottenham-court-road, 
and  the  other  street-markets,  on  Saturd.. 
ings,  when  some  of  these  places  are  almost  impas- 
sable. The  best  places  for  the  swag-barrow  trade 
are  also  those  I  have  specified.  Their  customers, 
alike  for  the  useful  and  fancy  articles,  are  the 
working-classes,  and  the  chief  sale  is  on  Saturdays 
and  Mondays.  One  swag-man  told  me  that  he 
thought  he  could  sell  better  if  he  had  a  less 
crowded  barrow,  but  his  master  was  so  keen  of 
money  that  he  would  make  him  try  everything. 
It  made  selling  more  tiresome,  too,  he  said,  for  a 
poor  couple  who  had  a  penny  or  two  to  lay  out 
would  fix  on  half  the  things  they  saw,  and  chan»e 
them  for  others,  before  they  parted  with  their 
money. 

Of  the  penny-a-piece  sellers  trading  on  their 
own  account,  the  receipts  may  be  smaller  than 
those  of  the  men  who  work  the  huge  swag-barrows 
on  commission,  but  their  profits  are  greater.  Cal- 
culating that  100  of  these  traders  are,  tli 
round,  in  London  (some  are  absent  all  the  summer 
at  country  fairs,  and  on  any  favourable  opnoitu- 
nity,  while  a  number  of  swag-barrowmen  leave 
that  employment  for  costermongering  on  their  own 
•-  ,  and  that  each  takes  2/.  weekly,  we  find 
no  less  than  10,4001.  thus  expended  in  the  streets 
of  London  in  a  year. 

The  lot-sellers  also  resort  largely  to  the  country, 

and  frequently  try  other  callings,  such  as  the  sale 

of  fruit,  medals,    &c.     Some  also   sell  loU  only 

and  Monday  nights.     Taking  these 

deduct;  -i.lrratK.ii,  it  may  be  estimated 

thnt  only  fifty  men  (there  is  but  one  female  lot- 

.    account)    carry   on  tlie   trade, 

presuming  it  to  be  spread  over  the  six  <. 

the  week.     Each  of  them  may  take  13*.  weekly 

(with  a  ;...  Gd.),  so  showing  the  street 

The  "lots  "are  bough: 
in   and   Bnglish  swag-shops;  the  principal 
i  procured  from  Black  Tom  in 
well 

Or  THE  STMBT  SKLLEKS  or  BOULBTTB  Boxn. 
Ix    my  account    of  the   street-trade  in  "China 
•  ts"  I  had  occasion  to  mention  a  ate  to 
which  a  roulette  box,  or  portable 


was  put.  I  need  only  repeat  in  this  place  that 
the  box  (usually  of  mahogany)  contains  a  board, 
with  numbered  {>artition8,  which  is  set  spinniii^, 
by  means  of  a  central  knob,  on  a  pivot ;  the  lid 
is  then  placed  on  the  box,  a  pea  is  slipped 
through  a  hole  in  the  lid,  and  on  the  number  of 
the  partithm  in  which  the  pea  is  found  deposited, 
when  the  motion  has  ceased,  depends  the  result.  The 
table,  or  board,  is  thus  adapted  for  the  determination 
of  that  mode  of  raising  money,  popular  among  coster- 
mongers  and  other  street-folk,  who  in  their  very 
charities  crave  some  excitement;  I  mean  a  "raffle ;" 
or  it  may  be  used  for  play,  by  one  or  more  persons, 
the  highest  number  "  spun "  determining  the 
winner.  These  street-sold  tables  may  still  be 
put  to  another  use  :  In  the  smaller  sort,  "going  no 
higher  than  fourteen,"  one  division  is  blank.  Thus 
any  one  may  play  against  another,  or  several  others 
spinning  in  turns,  the  "  blank  "  being  a  chance  in 
the  "  banker's  "  favour.  Some  of  the  tables,  how- 
ever, are  numbered  as  high  as  36,  or  as  a  seller  of 
them  described  it,  "  single  and  double  zero,  bang ; 
a  French  game." 

This  curious  street-trade  has  been  carried  on  for 
seven  years,  but  with  frequent  interruptions,  by 
one  nun,  who,  until  within  these  few  wet -i. 
the  sole  trader  in  the  article.     There  are  now  but 
two  selling  roulette-boxes  at  all  regularly.     The 
long-established  salesman  wears  mustachios,  and 
has  a  good  deal  the  look  of  a  foreigner.     During 
his  seven  years'  experience  he  has  sold,  he  calcu- 
lates, 12,000  roulette-boxes,  at  a  profit  of  from 
175/.  to  200^.     The  prices  (retail)  are  from  1*.  to 
2/.,    at  which    high   amount   my    informant   unco 
disposed  of  "a  roulette"  in  tiie  street.     He  has 
sold,  however,  more  at  Is.  than  at  all  oth< 
together.     The  "shilling  roulette"  is  abou: 
inches   in   diameter;   the   others   proporti 
larger.     These  wares  are  German  made,  bought  at 
a  swag-shop,  and  retailed  at  a  profit  >  : 
33  per  cent.     They  are  carried   in  a  bask 
being  held  for  public  examination  in 
hand. 

"  My   best   customers,"   said    the 
man  in  -s,  "are  stock-brokers,  tr.t\el- 

<1  parsons  ;  people  that  have  spare  t 
their  hands.     » >.  1    MM   by  'travellers/  gentle* 

ng  on  a  railway  who  pass  the  time  away 

tie.     Now  and  then  n  regular  '  lei:,'  wheu 
he's  travelling  to  Chest. : 
the  races,  may  draw  other  passengers  inl- 
and make  a  trifle,  or  not  a  tnfl- , 
play   with   other   legs  ;    but   it's    generally    for 
amusement,  I  've  reason  to  bcli. 

together  play  for  a  trifle  to  pass  away 
time,  or  who  shall  pay  for  break  fin  t*  fur  two,  or 
•uch  1;.  no  gaming-house 

large  roulette-table  made  of  a  substance  that 
throw  it  into  water— and  there's  always  a  pail  of 
'  tepid'  ready— would  dissolve  very  quickly. 
it 's  not  used  it  '•  hung  against  the  wall  and  is  so 
mad*  that  it  looks  to  be  an  oil  painting  framed. 
It  cost  them  101.    1  suppose  I  have  the  « 1 
of  almost  every  gaming-house  in  London.  There 's 

<   such 
as  me  About  in  the  streets  or  out  of  the  street*  U 


502 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


starve,  but  lords,  and  gentlemen,  and  some  par- 
dons, I  know,  go  to  the  gaming-houses,  and  when 
one's  broke  into  by  the  officers — it's  really  funny 
— John  Smith,  and  Thomas  Jones,  and  William 
Brown  are  pulled  up,  but  as  no  gaming  imple- 
ments are  found,  there's  nothing  against  them. 
ISome  of  these  houses  are  never  noticed 'for  a  long 
time.  The  '  Great  Nick'  hasn't  been,  nor  the  '  Little 
Nick,'  I  don't  know  why  they  're  called  '  Nicks,' 
those  two  ;  but  so  they  are.  Perhaps  after  Old 
Nick.  At  the  Great  Nick  I  dare  say  there's  often 
1000/.  depending.  But  the  Little  Nick  is  what 
we  call  only  '  brown  papermen,'  low  gamblers — 
playing  for  pence,  and  Is.  being  a  great  go.  I 
wonder  the  police  allow  that." 

OF  THE  STRKET-SKLLERS  OF  POISON  FOR  RATS. 

THK  number  of  Vermin- Destroyers  and  Rat- 
Catchers  who  ply  their  avocation  in  London 
has  of  late  years  become  greatly  dimini>hed. 
One  cause  which  I  heard  assigned  for  this 
was  that  many  ruinous  old  buildings  and  old 
streets  had  been  removed,  and  whole  colonies  of 
rats  had  been  thereby  extirpated.  Another  was 
that  the  race  of  rat-catchers  had  become  distrusted, 
and  had  either  sought  some  other  mode  of  sub- 
sistence, or  had  resorted  to  other  fields  for  the 
exercise  of  their  professional  labours. 

The  rat-catcher's  dress  is  usually  a  velveteen 
jacket,  strong  corduroy  trowsers,  and  laced  boots. 
Round  his  shoulder  he  wears  an  oil-skin  belt,  on 
which  are  painted  the  figures  of  huge  rats,  with 
fierce-looking  eyes  and  formidable  whiskers.  His 
hat  is  usually  glazed  and  sometimes  painted  after 
the  manner  of  his  belt.  Occasionally — and  in  the 
country  far  more  than  in  town —  he  carries  in  his 
hand  an  iron  cage  in  which  are  ferrets,  while  two 
or  three  crop-eared  rough  terriers  dog  his  footsteps. 
Sometimes  a  tamed  rat  runs  about  his  shoulders 
and  anus,  or  nestles  i:i  his  bosom  or  in  the  large 
pockets  of  his  coat.  When  a  rat-catcher  is  thus 
accompanied,  there  is  generally  a  strong  aromatic 
odour  about  him,  far  from  agreeable  ;  this  is  owing 
to  his  clothes  being  rubbed  with  oil  of  thyme  and 
oil  of  aniseed,  mixed  together.  This  composition 
is  said  to  be  so  attractive  to  the  sense  of  the  rats 
(when  used  by  a  man  who  understands  its  due  ap- 
portionment and  proper  application)  that  the  vermin 
have  left  their  holes  and  crawled  to  the  master  of 
the  powerful  spell.  I  heard  of  one  man  (not  a  rat- 
catcher professionally)  who  had  in  this  way  tamed 
a  rat  so  effectually  that  the  animal  would  eat  out 
of  his  mouth,  crawl  upon  his  shoulder  to  be  fed, 
and  then  "  smuggle  into  his  bosom  "  (the  words  of 
my  informant)  <%  and  sleep  there  for  hours."  The 
rat-catchers  have  many  wonderful  stories  of  the 
sagacity  of  the  rat,  and  though  in  reciting  their 
own  feats,  these  men  may  not  be  the  most  trust- 
worthy of  narrators,  any  work  on  natural  history 
will  avouch  that  rats  are  sagacious,  may  be  trained 
to  be  very  docile,  and  are  naturally  animals  of 
great  resources  in  all  straits  and  difficulties. 

One  great  source  of  the  rat-catcher's  employment 
and  emolument  thirty  years  ago,  or  even  to  a  later 
period,  is  now  comparatively  a  nonentity.  At  thai  i 


time  the  rat-catcher  or  killer  sometimes  received  a 
yearly  or  quarterly  stipend  to  keep  a  Londan 
granary  clear  of  rats.  I  was  told  by  a  man  who 
has  tor  twenty-eight  years  been  employed  about 
London  granaries,  that  he  had  never  known  a  rat- 
catcher employed  in  one  except  about  twenty  or 
twenty-two  years  ago,  and  that  was  in  a  granary  i»y 
the  river-siae.  The  professional  man,  he  told  me, 
certainly  poisoned  many  rats,  "  which  stunk  so," 
continued  my  informant — but  then  all  evil  odours 
in  old  buildings  are  attributed  to  dead  rats — "  that 
it  was  enough  to  infect  the  corn.  He  poisoned 
two  fine  cats  as  well.  But  I  believe  he  w;w  * 
young  hand  and  a  bungler."  The  rats,  after  these 
measures  had  been  taken,  seem  to  have  deserted 
the  place  for  three  weeks  or  a  month,  when  they 
returned  in  as  great  numbers  as  ever ;  nor  were 
their  ravages  and  annoyances  checked  until  the 
drains  were  altered  and  rebuilt.  It  is  in  the 
better  disposition  of  the  dr.iins  of  a  corn-maga- 
zine, I  am  assured,  that  the  great  check  upon  the 
inroads  of  these  "  varmint"  is  attained — by  strong 
masun  work  and  by  such  a  series  and  arrangement 
of  grates,  as  defy  even  the  perseverance  of  a  rat. 
Otherwise  the  hordes  which  prey  upon  the  garbage 
in  the  common  sewers,  are  certain  to  find  their 
way  into  the  granary  along  the  drains  and  chan- 
nels communicating  with  those  sewers,  and  will 
•  rapidly  despite  the  measures  of  the  rat- 
catcher. 

ihe  same  man  told  me  that  he  had  been  rive  or 
six  times  applied  to  by  rat-catchers,  and  with 
liberal  offers  of  beer,  to  allow  them  to  try  and  cap- 
ture the  black  rats  in  the  granary.  One  of  these 
traders  declared  that  he  wanted  them  "  for  a  g.'iit 
as  vas  curous  in  them  there  hinteFestmg  warmint;" 
But  from  the  representations  of  the  other  applicants, 
my  informant  was  conunced  that  they  were 
wuntru  for  rat-hunts,  the  Dog  billy  being  backed 
for  100L  to  kill  so  many  rats  in  so  many 
minutes.  "  You  see,  sir,"  the  corn  merchant's  man 
continued,  "  ours  ia  an  old  concern,  and  there  'a 
black  rats  in  it,  great  big  fellows;  some  of  'em 
must  be  old,  lor  they  're  as  white  about  the  mu/zle 
as  is  the  Duke  of  Wellington,  and  they  have  the 
character  of  being  very  strong  and  very  tierce.  One 
of  the  catchers  asked  me  it  I  knew  what  a  stun- 
ning big  black  rat  would  weigh,  as  if  i  weighed 
rats  !  I  always  told  them  that  I  cared  nothing 
about  rat-hunts  and  that  I  knew  our  people 
wouldn't  like  to  be  bothered  ;  and  they  was  gen- 
tlemen that  didn't  admire  sporting  characters." 

The  black  rat,  I  may  observe,  or  the  English 
rat,  is  now  comparatively  scarce,  while  the  brown, 
or  Hanoverian,  rat  is  abundant.  This  brown  rat 
seems  to  have  become  largely  domiciled  in  England 
about  the  period  of  the  establishment  of  the  Hano- 
verian dynasty  ;  whence  us  name.  '•  A  Hanover 
rat "  was  a  term  of  reproach  applied  by  the  Ja- 
cobites to  the  successtul  party. 

The  rat-catchers  are  also  rat-killers.  The\ 
destroy  the  animals  sometimes  by  giving  them 
what  is  called  in  the  trade  "  an  alluring  j 
ivery  professional  destroyer,  or  capturer,  of  r.tts 
will  pretend  that  as  to  poison  he  has  his  own  par- 
ticular method — his  secret — his  discovery  But 


ZOA7)0-V  LABOUR 


THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


Ike-re  is  no  doubt  that  arsenic  is  the  basis  of  all 
their  poisons.  Its  being  inodorous,  and  easily 
reducible  to  a  soft  fine  powder,  renders  it  the  best 
adapted  for  mixing  with  anything  of  which  rats 
are  fond— toasted  cheese,  or  bacon,  or  fried  liver, 

•  \v,  or  oatmeal.      Much  as  the  poisoi. 
be  able  to  tempt  thf  animal's  appetite,  lie  mu>t. 
and  does,  proceed  cautiously.    If  the  bait  be  placed 
in  an  unwonted  spot,  it  is  often  untouched.     If  it 

•<-d  where  rats  have  been  accustomed  to  find 
their  food,  it  is  often  devoured.  But  even  then  it 

;  -ntly  accounted  best  to  leave  the  bait  un- 
:  the  first  night ;  so  that  a  hungry 
animal  may  attack  it  greedily  the  second.  With 
oat nuii  1  it  is  usual  to  mix  for  the  first  and  even 
second  nights  a  portion  of  pounded  white  sugar. 
If  this  be  eaten  it  accustoms  the  jealous  pest  to 
tness  communicated  by  arvnic. 
The  "  oatmeal  poison  "  is,  I  am  told,  the  most 
effectual  ;  hut  even  when  mixed  only  with  sugar 
it  is  often  refused  ;  as  "  rats  is  often  better  up  to  a 
dodge  nor  Kirstians  "  (Christians). 

Another  mode  of  killing  rats  is  for  the  pro- 

.1  destroyer  to  slip  a  ferret  into  the  rats' 
haunts  wherever  it  is  practicable.  The  ferret 
soon  dislodges  them,  and  as  they  emerge  for 
safety  they  ar«-  seized  by  terriers,  who,  after 
watching  the  holes  often  a  long  time,  and  very 
patiently,  and  almost  breathlessly,  throttle  them 
silently,  excepting  the  short  squeak,  or  half-squeak, 
of  the  rat,  who,  by  a  '*  good  dog,"  is  seized  un- 
erringly by  the  part  of  the  back  where  the 

i  gripe  and  shake  is  speedy  death  ;  if  the 
rat  still  move,  or  shows  signs  of  life,  the  well- 
trained  rat- killer's  dog  cracks  the  vermin's  skull 

,   his  teeth. 

If  the  nits  have  to  be  taken  alive,  they  are 
either  trapped,  so  as  not  to  injure  them  for  a  rat- 
hunt  (or  the  procedure  in  the  pit  would  be  ac- 

i  "  foul  "),or  if  driven  out  of  their  holes  by 
ferrets,  they  can  only  run  into  some  cask,  or  other 
contrivance,  where  they  can  be  secured  for  the 
'•  sportsman's  "  purposes.  Although  any  visible 
injury  to  the  bodv  of  the  rat  will  prevent 
ception  into  a  pit,  the  creatures'  teeth  are  often 
drawn,  and  with  all  the  cruelty  of  a  rough 

r  Inesw.  by  means  of  pinchers,  so  tli 
•ay  be  unable  to  bite   the  puppies  being  t 

pit   on   the   nits.      If  the  vermin    be   not 
truly   t-  fie  dog,  the  victim    will   twist 

•lict  a  tremendous  bite  on  his  ••'• 
general  lip.       This    often    causes    the 

to  drop  his  prey  with  a  yell,  and  if  a  puppy 
he  may  not  forget  the  lesson  fr»m  the  .-• 

:   this   it  is  that  the  rat- 
catchers play  the  dentist  on  their  unfortunate  cap- 

rd  many  accounts  of  the  "dodgrn 
by,  or  imputed  to,  the  rat-cat< 
was  not  a  very  unusual  thing  to  deposit  h« 
there  a  dead  rat,  when  those  vermin  were  to  )w 
pnisonrd  "n   any  premises ;   i;  is  then  concluded 
that  the  good  poison  has  done  iu  good  work,  and 
the  dead  animal  supplies  an  ocular  demonstration 

Asional  skill.  These  men,  also.  I  am  in 
fcrmed,  Ut  loooe  live  rate  in  boUdro^  adapted  far 


the  purpose,  and  afterwards  apply  for  employment 
to  destroy  them. 

I  am  informed  that  the  principal  scene  of  the 
rat-catcher's  labours  in  London  is  at  the  mews, 
and  in  private  stables,  ouch-houses,  and  out- 
buildings. It  v<  probable  that  the  gentlemen's 

H  connected  with  such  places  like  the  ex- 
citement of  rat-hunting,  and  so  encourage  the 
•.on  which  supplies  them  with  that  gratific.i- 
tion.  In  these  places  such  labours  are  often 
necessary  as  well  as  popular  ;  for  I  wa<  informed 
by  a  coachman,  then  living  with  his  family  in  a 

Hnd  mews,  and  long  acquainted  with  the 
mews  in  different  parts  of  town,  that  the  c. 
was  often  very  defective,  and  sanitary  regulation* 
— except,  perhaps,  as  regarded  the  horses— -little 
cared  for.  Hence  rats  abounded,  and  wert  with 
difficulty  dislodged  from  their  secure  retreats  in 
the  ill-constructed  drains  and  kennels. 

The  great  sale  of  the  rat-catchers    is   to    the 
shops  supplying  "  private   parties  "  with    i 
the  amusement  of  seeing   them   killed   by   dogs. 
With  some  '*  fast"  men,  one  of  these  ikcnkssntn 
told  me,  it  was  a  favourite  pastime  in  their  own 
rooms  on  the  Sunday  mornings.     It  is,  h 
somewhat  costly  if  carried  on  extensively,  as  tho 
retail  charge  from  the  shops  is  ti<l.  per  rat.     The 
price  from  the  catcher  to  the  dealer  is  from  2*.  6d 
to  7*.  the  do/en.     Rats,  it  appears,  are  sometime-* 
scarce,  and  then  the  shopkeeper   must  b. 
keep  up  his  connection,"  at  enhanced  cost.      <  'ne 
large  bird-seller,  who  sold  also  plain   an  . 
rats,    white   mire,  and    live    hedgehogs,   told   me 
that  he   had,  last  winter,  been   compelled   to  gi\r 
7s.  a  dozen  for  his  vermin  and  sell   them  at  6d. 
each. 

The  grand  COOMOnptioa  of  rats,  however,  is  in 
Bunhill-row,  at  a  public-house  kept  by  a  pugilist 
A  rat-seller  told  me  that  from  200  to  500  rats 
were  killed  there  weekly,  the  weekly  average 
being,  however,  only  the  former  number  ;  while 
at  Easter  and  other  holidays,  it  is  not  uncommon 
to  see  bills  posted  announcing  the  destuu-ti<>n  of 
500  rats  on  the  same  day  and  in  a 
admittance  6d.  Dogs  are  matched  at  these  and 
similar  places,  as  to  which  kills  the  greatest 
number  of  these  animals  in  the  shortest  time. 
I  am  told  that  there  are  forty  such  places  in  Lon- 
don, but  in  some  only  the  holiday  times  are  ode* 

.n  this  small  imitation  of  the  beast  combats 
of  the  ancients.  There  is,  too,  a  frequent  aban- 
donment of  the  trade  in  consequence  of  its  "  not 
.-."  and  perhaps  it  may  be  fair  to  estimate 
that  the  average  consumption  of  this  vermin  game 
does  not  exceed,  in  each  of  these  places,  20  a 
week,  or  1040  in  a  year  ;  giving  an  aggregate 
over  and  above  those  consumed  in  private  sport 
—«f  52,000  rats  in  a  year,  or  1000  a  week  in 
public  amusement  alone. 

!>ow  the  nature  of  the  sport  of  raKatching. 
procured  two 

copies.     The  words  and  type  are  precisely  the 
same  in  each,  but  <>,  ,n  good  ai.d 

Tbecoi. 
as  to  the  precise  moment  at  wbics 


on  verr 


£04 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


killing  will  commence,  reads  supremely  business- 
like : — 

RATTING    FOR    THE    MILLION  1 


A  SPORTING  GENTLEMAN,  Who  is  a  Staunch 
Supporter  of  the  destruction  of  these  VERMIN 

WILL  GIVE   A 

GOLD     REPEATER 
WATCH, 

TO   BE   KILLED   FOR   BY 

DOGS   Under  13ftf*.    Wt. 

15  RATS  EACH! 
TO  COME  OFF  AT  JEMMY  MASSEY'S, 

KING'S  HEAD, 

COMPTON  ST.,  SOHO, 
On  Tuesday,  May  20,  1851. 

fc»-  To  be  Killed  in  a  Large  Wire  Pit.  A  chalk 
Circle  to  be  drawn  in  the  centre  for  the  Second. — 
Any  Man  touching  Dog  or  Rats,  or  acting  in  any 
way  unfair  his  dog  will  be  disqualified. 

To  GO  TO  SCALE  AT  Half  past  7  KILLING  TO 
COMMENCE  At  Half  past  8  PRECISELY. 

A  dealer  in  live  animals  told  me  that  there 
were  several  men  who  brought  a  few  dozens  of 
rats,  or  even  a  single  dozen,  from  the  country ; 
men  who  were  not  professionally  rat-catchers,  but 
worked  in  gardens,  or  on  farms,  and  at  their 
leisure  caught  rats.  Even  some  of  the  London 
professional  rat-catchers  work  sometimes  as  country 
labourers,  and  their  business  is  far  greater,  in 
merely  rat-catching  or  killing,  in  the  country  than 
in  town.  From  the  best  information  I  could  com- 
mand, there  are  not  fewer  than  2000  rats  killed, 
for  sport,  in  London  weekly,  or  104,000  a  year, 
including  private  and  public  sport,  for  private 
sport  in  this  pursuit  goes  on  uninterruptedly  ;  the 
public  delectation  therein  is  but  periodical. 

This  calculation  is  of  course  exclusive  of  the 
number  of  rats  killed  by  the  profession,  "  on  the 
premises,"  when  these  men  are  employed  to  "  clear 
the  premises  of  vermin." 

There  are,  I  am  told,  100  rat-catchers  resorting, 
at  intervals,  to  London,  but  only  a  fourth  of  that 
number  can  be  estimated  as  carrying  on  their 
labours  regularly  in  town,  and  their  average 
earnings,  I  am  assured,  do  not  exceed  1 5s.  a 
week  ;  being  975^.  a  year  for  London  merely. 

These  men  have  about  them  much  of  the  affected 
mystery  of  men  who  are  engaged  on  the  turf. 
They  have  their  "  secrets,"  make  or  pretend  to 
"  make  their  books  "  on  rat  fights  and  other  sport- 
ing events ;  are  not  averse  to  drinking,  and  lead 
In  general  irregular  lives.  They  are  usually  on 
intimate  terms  with  the  street  dog-sellers  (who 
are  much  of  the  same  class).  Many  of  the  rat- 
catchers have  been  brought  up  in  stables,  and 
there  is  little  education  among  them.  When  in 
London,  they  are  chiefly  to  be  found  in  White- 
thape',  \Yestminster,  and  Kent-street,  Borough ; 


j  the  more  established  having  their  own  roon  • ;  the 
'  others  living  in  the  low  lodging-houses.     None  of 
them  remain  in  London  the  entire  year. 

These  men  also  sell  rat-poison  (baked  flour  or 
oatmeal  sometimes)  in  cakes,  arsenic  being  the 
ingredient.  The  charge  is  from  2d.  to  !.«.,  "ac- 
cording to  the  circumstances  of  the  customer."  In 
like  manner  the  charge  for  "clearing  a  house  of 
vermin  "  varies  from  2s.  to  II. :  a  very  frequent 
charge  is  2s.  6d. 

OF  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OP  RHUBARB 

AND  SPICE. 

FROM  the  street-seller  whose  portrait  has  already 
been  given  I  received  the  following  history.  He 
appeared  to  be  a  very  truthful  and  kindly-disposed 
old  man  : — 

*' I  am  one  native  of  Mogadore  in  Morocco.  I  am 
an  Arab.  I  left  my  countree  when  I  was  sixteen  or 
eighteen  year  of  age.  I  forget,  sir.  I  don't  know 
which,  about  eighteen,  I  tink  it  was.  My  fader  was 
like  market  man,  make  de  people  pay  de  toll — he 
rent  de  whole  market,  you  see,  from  de  governemen, 
and  make  de  people  pay  so  much  for  deir  stands. 
I  can't  tell  you  what  dey  call  dem  dere.  I  couldn't 
recollect  what  my  fader  pay  for  de  market ;  but 
I  know  some  of  de  people  pay  him  a  penny,  some 
a  ha'penny,  for  de  stands.  Dere  everyting  sheap,  not 
what  dey  are  here  in  England.  Dey  may  stop  all 
day  for  de  toll  or  go  when  de  market  is  over. 
My  fader  was  not  very  rish — not  very  poor — he 
keep  a  family.  We  have  bread,  meat,  shicken, 
apples,  grapes,  all  de  good  tings  to  eat,  not  like 
here — tis  de  sheapest  countree  in  de  world.  My 
fader  have  two  wifes,  not  at  once  you  know,  he 
bury  de  first  and  marry  anoder.  I  was  by 
second  wife.  He  have  seven  shildren  by  her,  four 
sons  and  tree  daughters.  By  de  first  I  tink  dere 
was  five,  two  sons  and  tree  daughters.  Bless 
you,  by  de  time  I  was  born  dere  was  great  many 
of  'em  married  and  away  in  de  world.  I  don't 
know  where  dey  are  now.  Only  one  broder  I  got 
live  for  what  I  know,  wheder  de  oders  are  dead  or 
where  dey  are  I  can't  tell.  De  one  broder  I  speak 
of  is  in  Algiers  now ;  he  is  dealer  dere.  What  led 
me  to  come  away,  you  say  ?  Like  good  many  I 
was  young  and  foolish  ;  like  all  de  rest  of  young 
people,  I  like  to  see  foreign  countries,  but  you  see 
in  my  countree  de  governemen  don't  like  de 
people  to  come  away,  not  widout  you  pay  so  mush, 
so  Gibraltar  was  de  only  port  I  could  go  to,  it  was 
only  one  twenty  miles  across  de  water— close  to 
us.  You  see  ytu  go  to  Gibraltar  like  smuggling 
— you  smuggle  yourself — you  talk  wid  de  Captain 
and  he  do  it  for  you. 

"  My  fader  been  dead  years  and  years  before  I 
come  away,  I  suppose  I  was  about  ten  year  ol(* 
when  he  die.  I  had  been  at  school  till  time  I 
was  grown  up,  and  after  dat  I  was  shoemaker. 
I  make  de  slippers.  Oh  yes!  my  moder  was  alive 
den  —  she  was  dead  when  I  was  here  in  England. 
I  get  about  one  penny  a  pair  for  de  slippers  in 
my  countree ;  penny  dere  as  good  as  shilling  here 
aniost  I  could  make  tree,  four,  five  pair  in  one 
day.  I  could  lire  on  my  gains  den  better  dun 
what  I  could  do  here  wid  twelve  times  as  mu»h— 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDOX  POOK. 


r,05 


TIIK  MUD-LAKK 


No.  33. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON 


Am  time  I  coald.     I  don't  know  what  it  is  now. 

,iy  moder  give  me  leave  to  go  where  I  like. 
She  never  see  me  since  "  (sighing).  "Oh  yes,  I 
love  her  very  mush.  I  am  old  man  now,  but  I  never 
forgot  her  yet ;"  here  the  old  man  burst  into  tears 
and  buried  his  face  in  his  handkerchief  for  several 
minutes.  "No,  no  !  she  don't  know  when  I  come 
away  dat  she  never  see  me  again,  nor  me  neider. 
I  tell  I  go  Gibraltar,  and  den  I  tell  her  I  go  to 
Lisbon  to  see  ray  broder,  who  was  spirit  merchant 
dere.  I  didn't  say  noting  not  at  all  about  coming 
back  to  her,  but  I  tought  I  should  come  back 
soon.  If  I  had  tought  I  never  see  no  more,  not 
all  de  gold  in  de  world  take  me  from  her.  She 
was  good  moder  to  me.  I  was  de  youngest  but 

My  hroders  kept  my  moder,  you  see.  Where 

1  came  from  it  is  not  like  here,  if  only  one  in  de 

well  off,  de  oders  never  want  for  noting. 

In  my  country,  you  see,  de  law  is  you  must  main- 

ur  fader  and  moder  before  you  maintain 

your  own   family.     You   must  keep  dem  in  de 

fiouse."     Here  he  repeated  the   law  in  Hebrew. 

"  De  people  were  Mahomedans  in  Mogadore,  but 

we  were  Jews,  just  like  here,  you  see.     De  first 

•  Jews  teesh  de  shildren  is  deir  duty  to  deir 
faders  and  deir  moders.  And  dey  love  one  anoder 

than  de  gold;  but  dey  love  de  gold  more 
dan  most  people,  for  you  see  gold  is  more  to  dem. 
In  my  countree  de  governemen  treat  de  Jews  very 
badly,  so  de  money  all  de  Jews  have  to  help  dem. 
Often  de  government  in  my  country  take  all  deir 
money  from  de  Jews,  and  kill  dem  after,  so  de 

ill  keep  deir  money  in  secret  places,  put  de 
gold  in  jars  and  dig  dem  in  de  ground,  and  de 

Aorths  hundreds  go  about  wid  no  better 
clothes  dan  mine. 

"  Well,  you  see  I  leave  my  poor  moder,  we  kissed 
one  anoder,  and  cry  for  half  an  hour,  and  conic 
away  to  Gibraltar.  When  I  get  dere,  my  broder 
come  away  from  Lisbon  to  Gibraltar ;  dat  time  it 
WM  war  time,  and  de  French  was  coming  to  Lis- 
bon, so  everybody  run.  When  I  come  away 

:<>i:adore,  I  have  about  one  hundred  dollars 
— some  my  moder  give  me,  and  some  I  had  save. 

I  got  to  Gibraltar,  I  heii'm  to  have  a  little 
stand  in  de  street  wid  silk  handkershiefs,  cotton 
handkcrshiefs,  shop  goods  you  know.  I  do 
very  well  wid  dat,  to  after  Ik  >  hawk 

de  town,  and  after  dat  I  keep  shop.  Altogeder, 
I  stop  in  Gibraltar  about  six  year.  I  had  den 
about  five  or  six  hundred  dollar*.  I  live  very 
well  all  de  time  I  der<*.  I  was  wid  my  broder 
ail  de  time.  After  I  am  six  year  in  Gibraltar, 
I  begin  to  link  I  do  better  in  Knu'laml.  I  link. 
like  good  many  people,  if  I  go  to  anoder  pan  dat 
it  rither — 't  is  de  rishest  countree  in  de  world 
—I  do  better  still.  So  I  start  off,  and  get  I 
here  I  tink  in  1811,  when  de  tree  shilling  pieces, 
first  come  oat  I  have  about  one  hundred  and 
tirty  pound  at  dat  time.  I  stop  in  London  a 
good  bit,  and  eat  my  money ;  it  WM  most  done 
n  to  look  for  ray  I  try  to 

feok  what  I  coald  do,  but  I  WM  quite  stranger 
;  am  about  fourteen  or  fifteen  month 
before  I  begin  to  do  anytm*.     I  go  to  de  play 
house ;  I  Me  aerer  such  tings  as  I  sec  here  before 


I  come.  When  I  come  here,  I  tink  I  am  in  heaven 
altogether — God  a'mighty  forgive  me — such  sops 
(shops)  and  such  beautiful  tings.  I  live  in  Mary 
Axe  Parish  when  I  first  come;  same  parish  where 
I  live  now.  Well,  you  see  some  of  my  countree- 
men  den  getting  good  living  by  selling  de 
rhubarb  and  spices  in  de  street.  I  get  to  know 
dem  all  ;  and  dat  time  you  see  was  de  good 
time,  money  was  plenty,  like  de  dirt  here. 
Dat  time  dere  was  about  six  or  seven  Arabians  in 
de  street  selling  rhubarb  and  spices,  five  of  'em 
was  from  Mogadore,  and  two  from  not  far  off ; 
and  dere  is  about  five  more  going  troo  de  country. 
Dey  all  sell  de  same  tings,  merely  rhubarb  and 
spice,  dat  time ;  before  den  was  good  for  tern  : 
after  dat  dey  get  de  silks  and  tings  beside.  I  ran't 
tell  what  tirst  make  dem  sell  de  rhuharli  and  de 
spice;  but  I  tink  it  is  because  people  like  to  1m v 
de  Turkey  rhubarb  of  de  men  in  de  turban*. 
When  I  was  little  shild,  I  hear  talk  in  M 
of  de  people  of  my  country  sell  de  rhubarb  in 
de  streets  of  London,  and  make  plenty  money 
by  it. 

"  Dere  was  one  very  old  Arabian  in  de  streets 
wen  I  first  come ;  dey  call  him  Sole ;  he  been 
forty  year  at  de  same  business.  He  wear  de  long 
beard  and  Turkish  dress.  He  used  to  stand  l>y 
Bow  Shursh,  Sheapside.  Everybody  in  oY 
know  him.  He  was  de  old  establish  one.  He 
been  dead  now,  let  me  see — how  long  he  been 
dead — oh,  dis  six  or  seven  and  twenty  year.  He 
die  in  Gibraltar  very  poor  and  very  old— most 
ninety  year  of  age.  All  de  rhubarb-sellers  WM 
Jews.  Dere  was  anoder  called  Hen  Aforiat,  and 
two  broders;  and  anoder,  his  name  was  Azuli. 
One  of  Aforiat's  broders  use  to  stand  in  St.  Paul's 
Shurshyard.  He  was  veiy  well  know;  all  de 
oders  hawk  about  tie  town  like  I  do  myself.  Now 
dey  all  gone  dead,  and  dere  only  four  of  us  now 

country.     Two  of  us  live  in  Mary  Axe,  anoder 

call   dat     8| 

o^ler    in     PeU:<-<>a:-laii.-.         I)-'     one    wat     ' 
Spitalfield  is  old  man,  I  dare  say  goini;    • 
De  one  in  Petticoat  lane    n-H   mii-h  a!i.-\e  30.      I 
am  little  belt  and  de  oder  wat  1 

Mary  Axe  about  40.     I  been  .!  nil  in 

de  streets,   about   :  year. 

All    ilat   WM    here  when    I    first   come. 

.   except  dat  old   man   Sole  wat   1  WM 
t.-llnu'    you    of.   dnt    die     in    Gibraltar.       About 

somed. 

•one  die  at  home— not  one  of  dem  die  worth 
;iey.  Six  of  dem  WM  very  old  people, 
between  60  and  70 ;  dere  WM  some  tirty,  tome 
forty.  Some  of  dem  die  by  inshee.  Dere  WM 
one  fine  fellow,  he  WM  six  foot  two,  and  strong 
man,  he  take  to  hi*  bed  and  fall  away  so  ;  at  hut 
you  see  troo  his  hand  ;  he  WM  noting  but  de  car- 
case ;  oders  die  of  what  you  all  de  yellow  jaun- 
dice; some  hare  de  fertr,  but  deir  time  WM  come ; 
de  dmth  we  must  be. 

• 

• 

Fur  and  twenty  year  ago  •  Make  a  pond  a  day 

t  LI 


508 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


aome  time.  Take  one  week  wid  another,  I  dare 
gay  I  clear,  after  I  pay  all  de  coat  of  my  living, 
tirty  shillings ;  and  now,  God  help  me,  I  don't 
make  not  twelve  shilling  a  week,  and  all  my 
food  to  pay  out  of  dat.  One  week  wid  anoder, 
when  I  go  out  I  clear  about  twelve  shilling. 
Everyting  is  so  sheep  now,  and  dere  is  so 
many  sops  (shops),  people  has  no  money  to 
buy  tings  with.  I  could  do  better  when  everyting 
was  dear.  I  could  live  better,  get  more  money, 
and  have  more  for  it.  I  have  better  food,  better 
lodging,  and  better  clothes.  I  don't  know  wat 
is  de  cause,  as  you  say.  I  only  know  dat  I  am 
worse,  and  everybody  is  worse  ;  dat  is  all  I  know. 
Bread  is  sheeper,  but  when  it  was  one  and  nine- 
pence  de  loaf  I  could  get  plenty  to  buy  it  wid,  but 
now  it  is  five  pence,  I  can't  no  five  pence  to  have 
it.  If  de  cow  is  de  penny  in  de  market  what  is  de 
use  of  dat,  if  you  can't  get  no  penny  to  buy  him? 
After  I  been  selling  my  rhubarb  for  two  years, 
when  I  fust  come  here,  I  save  about  a  hundred 
and  fifty  pound,  and  den  you  see  I  agree  wid  tree 
oder  of  my  countrymen  to  take  a  sop  (shop)  in 
Exeter.  De  oder  tree  was  rhubarb-sellers,  like 
my.M'lf,  and  have  save  good  bit  of  money  as  well. 
One  have  seven  hundred  pound ;  but  he  have  brought 
tree  or  four  hundred  pound  wid  him  to  dis  coun- 
tree.  Anoder  of  de  tree  have  about  two  hundred, 
and  de  oder  about  one  hundred ;  dey  have  all  save 
di-ir  money  out  of  de  rhubarb.  We  keep  our  sop, 
you  see,  about  five  year,  and  den  we  fall  in  pieces 
altogeder.  We  take  and  trust,  and  lose  all  our 
money.  T'oders  never  keep  a  sop  before,  and  not 
one  of  us  was  English  scholar ;  we  was  forced  to 
keep  a  man,  and  dat  way  we  lose  all  our  money, 
so  we  was  force  to  part,  and  every  one  go  look  for 
hisself.  Den  we  all  go  selling  rhubarb  again 
about  de  country,  and  in  London ;  and  I  never 
able  to  hold  up  my  head  since.  When  I  come 
back  to  de  rhubarb  times  is  getting  bad,  and  I 
not  able  to  save  no  more  money.  All  I  am  worth 
in  de  world  is  all  I  got  in  my  box,  and  dat  alto- 
gether is  not  more  dan  ten  shilling.  Last  week 
1  havn't  a  pound  of  meat  in  de  house,  and  I  am 
obliged  to  pawn  my  waistcoat  and  handkerchief 
to  get  me  some  stock.  It  easy  to  put  dem  in, 
but  very  hard  to  get  dem  out. 

"  I  had  two  wives.  After  two  or  tree  year  when 
I  come  I  marry  my  first.  I  had  two  shildren  by 
my  first,  but  both  of  dem  die  very  young;  one 
was  about  rive  year  old  and  de  oder  about  tree. 
When  I  travel  the  countree,  my  first  wife  she  go 
wid  me  everywhere.  I  been  to  all  parts  —  to 
Scotland,  to  Wales,  but  not  Ireland.  I  see  enough 
of  dem  Irish  in  dis  countree,  I  do  no  want  no 
more  of  dem  dere.  Not  one  of  my  countree  I 
tink  ever  been  to  Ireland,  and  only  one  beside 
myself  been  to  Scotland;  but  dat  no  use,  de 
Scotsh  don't  know  wat  de  spice  is.  All  de  time  I 
am  in  Scotland  I  can't  get  no  bread,  only  barley 
and  pea  meal,  and  dat  as  sour  as  de  winegar — and 
I  can't  get  no  flour  to  make  none  too — so  I 
begin  to  say,  by  God  I  come  to  wrong  countree 
here.  When  I  go  across  de  eountree  of  England 
I  never  live  in  no  lodging-houses — always  in  de 
public — because  you  see  I  do  business  dere  ;  de  1 


missus  perhaps  dere  buy  my  spices  of  me.  4 
lodge  once  in  Tauntor,  at  a  house  where  a  woman 
keep  a  lodging-house  for  de  Jewish  people  wat  go 
about  wid  de  gold  tings — de  jewellery.  At  oder 
towns  I  stop  at  de  public,  for  dere  is  de  company 
and  I  sell  my  tings. 

"  I  buy  my  rhubarb  and  my  spice  of  de  large 
warehouse  for  de  drugs ;  sometime  I  buy  it  of  my 
countreemen.  We  all  of  us  know  de  good  spice 
from  de  bad.  You  look !  I  will  show  you  how 
to  tell  de  good  nutmeg  from  de  bad.  Here  is 
some  in  de  shell :  you  see,  I  put  de  strong  pin  in 
one  and  de  oil  run  out ;  dat  is  because  dey  has 
not  been  put  in  de  spirit  to  take  away  de  oil  for 
to  make  de  extract.  Now,  in  de  bad  nutmeg  all 
de  oil  been  took  out  by  de  spirit,  and  den  dere  is 
no  flavour,  like  dose  you  buy  in  de  sheep  sops 
(cheap  shops).  I  sell  de  Rhubarb,  East  Indy  and 
Turkey,  de  Cloves,  Cinnamons,  Mace,  Cayenne 
Pepper,  White  Pepper — a  little  of  all  sorts  when 
I  get  de  money  to  buy  it  wid.  I  take  my  solemn 
oat  I  never  sheat  in  scales  nor  weight ;  because 
de  law  is,  '  take  weight  and  give  weight,'  dat  is 
judge  and  justice.  Dere  is  no  luck  in  de  sort 
weight — no  luck  at  all.  Never  in  my  life  I  put  no 
tings  wid  my  goods.  I  tell  you  de  troot,  I  grind 
my  white  pepper  wid  my  own  hands,  but  I  buy  me 
ginger  ground,  and  dat  is  mixed  I  know.  I  tink 
it  is  pea  flour  dey  put  wid  it,  dere  is  no  smell  in  dat, 
but  it  is  de  same  colour — two  ounces  of  ginger  will 
give  de  smell  to  one  pound  of  pea  flour.  De  public- 
houses  will  have  de  sheap  ginger  and  dat  I  buy. 
I  tell  you  de  troot.  How  am  I  tell  what  will 
become  of  me.  Dat  is  de  Almighty's  work"  (here 
he  pointed  to  Heaven).  "  De  Jews  is  very  good  to 
deir  old  people.  If  it  was  not  for  my  old  woman 
I  be  like  a  gentleman  now  in  de  hospital  at  Mile 
End  ;  but  you  see,  I  marry  de  Christian  woman, 
and  dat  is  against  our  people — and  I  would  in.-ver 
leave  her — no  not  for  all  de  good  in  de  world  to 
come  to  myself.  If  I  am  poor,  I  not  de  only  one. 
In  de  holiday  times  I  send  a  petition,  and  perhaps 
dere  is  five  shillings  for  me  from  de  hospital.  In 
de  Jews'  Hospital  dere  is  only  ten — what  you  call 
de  Portuguese  Jews.  We  have  hospital  to  our 
ownselves.  Dere  de  old  people  —  dey  are  all 
above  sixty — are  all  like  noblemen,  wid  good 
clothes,  plenty  to  eat,  go  where  you  like,  and  pipe 
of  tobacco  when  you  want.  But  I  wont  go  in  no 
hospital  away  from  my  old  woman.  I  will  get  a 
bit  of  crust  for  her  as  long  as  I  can  stand — but  I 
can  hardly  do  that  now.  Every  one  got  his  feel- 
ing, and  I  will  feel  for  her  as  long  as  I  live. 
W  hen  dere  is  de  weather  I  have  de  rheuraatis — 
oh!  very  bad — sometime  I  can  scarcely  stand  or 
walk.  I  am  seventy-tree,  and  it  is  a  sad  time  for 
me  now.  I  am  merry  sometime  tho'.  Everyting 
wid  de  pocket.  When  de  pocket  is  merry,  den  I 
am  merry  too.  Sometime  I  go  home  wid  one 
shilling,  and  den  I  tink  all  gets  worse  and  worse, 
and  what  will  become  of  me  I  say — but  dat  ia 
de  Almighty's  work,  and  I  trust  in  him.  Can  J 
trust  any  better  one?  Sometime  I  say  I  wisti  I 
was  back  in  my  countree — and  I  tink  of  my  poor 
moder  wat  is  dead  now,  and  den  I  am  very  sad. 
Oh  yes,  bless  your  heart,  very  sad  indeed  !  " 


LOXDOX  LA  DOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


509 


The  old  man  appears  to  sell  excellent  articles, 
and  to  be  a  very  truthful,  fair-dealing  man. 

OP  THE  HAWKING  OF  TEA. 
"  PERSONS  hawking  tea  without  a  licence "  (see 
Chitty's  Edition  of  "Burn's  Justice,"  vol.  ii. 
p.  1113)  "  are  liable  to  a  penalty,  under  50  Geo. 
III.,  cnp.  41.  ;  and,  even  though  they  had  a 
licence,  they  would  be  liable  to  a  penalty  for 
selling  tea  in  an  unentered  place."  The  penalty 
under  this  act  is  10/.,  but  the  prohibition  in  ques- 
tion has  long  been  commonly,  if  not  very  directly, 
evaded. 

The  hawking  of  tea  in  London  cannot  be  con- 
sidered  as   immediately  a  street-trade,  but   it  is 
in    some    respects   blended    with    street   callings 
and  street  traffic,  so  that  a  brief  account  . - 
sary. 

I  will  first  give  a  short  history  of  what  is,  or 
was,  more  intimately  a  portion  of  tne  street- 
trade. 

Until  about  eight  or  ten  years  ago,  tea  was  ex- 
tensively hawked — from  house  to  house  almost — 
"  on  tally."  The  tally  system  is,  that  wherein 
"weekly  payments"  are  taken  in  liquidation  of 
the  cost  of  the  article  purchased,  and  the  trade  is 
one  embodying  much  of  evil  and  much  of  trickery. 
At  the  present  time  the  tallymen  are  very  nu- 
merous in  London,  and  in  the  tally  trade  there 
are  now  not  less  than  1000  hawkers  of,  or  tra- 
vellers in,  tea ;  but  they  carry  on  their  business 
principally  in  the  suburbs.  When  I  come  to  treat 
of  the  class  whom  I  have  called  "  distributors,"  I 
shall  devote  an  especial  inquiry  to  the  tally  trade, 
including,  of  course,  the  tea  trade.  Mr.  M'Culloch 
mentions  that  a  Scotchman's  "  tally-walk  " — and 
the  majority  of  the  tallymen  are  Scotchmen — is 
worth  15  per  cent,  more  than  an  Englishman's. 

The  branch  of  the  tea  trade  closely  connected 
with  the  street  business  is  that  in  tea-leaves.  The 
exhausted  leaves  of  the  tea-pot  are  purchased  of 
servants  or  of  poor  women,  and  they  are  made 
into  "  new"  tea.  One  gentleman — to  whose  in- 
formation, and  to  the  care  he  took  to  test  the 
accuracy  of  his  every  statement,  I  am  bound  to 
express  my  acknowledgments— told  me  that  it 
would  be  fair  to  reckon  that  in  London  1500  Ibs. 
of  tea-leaves  were  weekly  converted  into  new  tea, 
or  78,000  Ibs.  in  the  year  !  One  house  is  known 
to  be  very  extensively  and  profitably  concerned  in 
this  trade,  or  rather  manufacture,  and  on  my 
asking  the  gentleman  who  gave  me  the  informs) 
.  'ii-c  in  question  (he  told  me  the 
name)  was  accounted  respectable  by  their  tellow- 
i,  the  answer  was  at  once,  €t  llvjhly  re- 
speed 

The  old  ten-leaves,  to  be  converted  into  new, 
are  placed  by  the  manufacturers  on  hot  plates,  and 
are  re-dried  and  re-dyid.  To  give  the  " 

"  black 

casts.     This  tea-mant  facture  is  sold  to  "  cheap 
or  "  slop"  shopkeepers,  both  in  town  and  country, 
•  .wking  in  the  country,  and  is 
almost  always  sold  i-sady  mixed. 

Tb«  admixture  of  sloe-leavrf,  Ac,  which  used 


, 

ried  and  re-dyid.  To  give  the  "green" 
preparation  of  copper  is  used.  For  the 
"  no  dye  is  necessary  in  the  generality  of 


to  be  gathered  for  the  adulteration  of  tea,  is  now 
unknown,  and  has  been  unknown  since  tea  be- 
came cheaper,  but  the  old  tea-leaf  trade  is,  I  am 
assured,  carried  on  so  quietly  and  cleverly,  that 
the  most  vigilant  excise-oiRcers  are  completely  in 
the  dark;  a  smaller  "tea-maker"  was,  however, 
fined  for  tea-leaf  conversion  last  year. 

Into  this  curious  question,  concerning  the 
purposes  for  which  the  old  tea  leaves  are  now 
purchased  by  parties  in  the  street,  I  shall  enter 
searchingly  when  I  treat  of  the  street-buyers.  The 
information  I  have  already  received  is  of  great 
curiosity  and  importance,  nor  shall  I  suppress  the 
names  of  those  dishonest  traders  who  purchase  the 
old  dried  tea-leaves,  as  a  means  of  cheating  their 
customers. 

Into  the  statistics  of  this  strange  trade  I  will 
not  now  enter,  but  I  am  informed  that  great 
quantities  of  tea-leaves  are  sent  from  the  country 
to  London.  Perhaps  of  the  1500  Ibs.  weekly 
manufactured,  three  quarters  may  be  collected  in 
the  metropolis. 

I  may  here  add,  that  the  great  bulk  of  tlie  tea 
now  hawked  throughout  the  metropolis  is  sup- 
plied from  the  handsome  cars,  or  vans,  of  well- 
known  grocers  and  tea-dealers.  Of  these — it 
was  computed  for  me — there  are,  on  no  day, 
fewer  than  100  in  the  streets  of  London,  and  of 
its  contiguous  and  its  more  remote  suburbs,  such 
as  Woolwich,  and  even  Baraet.  One  tradesman 
has  six  siwh  cars.  The  tea  is  put  up  in  bags  of  7, 
14,  and  21  Ibs.,  duly  apportioned  in  quarter,  half, 
and  whole  pounds  ;  a  quarter  of  a  pound  being 
the  smallest  quantity  vended  in  this  manner.  The 
van  and  its  contents  are  then  entrusted  to  a 
driver,  who  haa  his  regular  round,  and  very  often 
his  regular  customers.  The  customers  purchase 
the  tea  from  their  faith  in  the  respectability  <>>  in- 
firm— generally  well  known  through  ex;> 
advertising.  The  teas  are  supplied  by  the  house 
which  is  pronounced  to  supply  them ;  for  the 
tradesman  is  the  capitalist  in  the  matter,  his  car- 
man is  the  labourer,  and  the  house  is  responsible 
for  the  quality  of  the  article.  When  a  n<-» 

has  to  be  formed,  or  an  "  ol.l  connection" 
to  be  extended,  circulars  (bond  fide)  ai> 
round,  and  the  carman  afterwards  culls  :  and,  "  m 
some  genteel  streets,"  I  was  told,  "  calls,  oft 
enough,  at  every  house,  and,  in  many  districts,  at 
every  decent-looking  house  in  every  street."  So 

n  this  part  of  the  traffic  may  1 
sidered  one  of  the  streets.  The  reinnm-i., 
the  itr> 

Id.  per  Ib.  on  the  lower-priced  kinds,  ~t/.  on  tlie 
luit  more  often    i  rv  rarely  in- 

deed, JW.  on  the  highest. 

culiar  to  great  cities — and  mon  I  am  as- 

sured,  to  London— for  the  tradesman   d< 
know  so  much  as  the  name  of  his  customer  ;  n«r, 
perhaps,  doe*  the  carman,  but  merely  n*  "  Number 

one."     The  supply  ii  for  ready  moi 
if  credit  be  given,  it  is  at  thr  risk  of  the  carman, 
who  hat  a  weekly  wage  in  addition   to  hi*  per- 
quisites.     Every  evening,  when   th<>    \vhicle   is 
driven  tack  to  the  premises  of  its  01 
and  the  money  taken  by 


510 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  J,<jirrjuV  POOR, 


minus  what  may  be  called  the  "  poundage"— is 
paid  over  to  the  proper  party. 

A  man  who  had  driven,  or,  aa  tie  called  it, 
"  managed,"  one  of  these  vans,  told  me  that  he 
made  this  way,.  2s.  to  2s  6d.  a  day  ;  "  but,"  he 
added,  "  if  you  make  a  good  thing  of  it  that  way, 
you  have  all  the  less  salary."  These  carmen  are 
men  of  good  character  and  good  address,  and  were 
described  to  me,  by  a  gentleman  familiar  with  the 
trade,  as  "  of  the  very  best  class  of  porters." 

As  this  vehicular-itinerant  business  has  now 
become  an  integral  part  of  the  general  tea-trade, 
I  need  not  further  dwell  upon  it,  but  reserve  it 
until  I  come  to  treat  of  the  shopmen  of  grocers 
and  tea-dealers,  and  thence  of  the  tea-trade  in 
general.  I  may  add,  however,  that  the  tea  thus 
hawked  is,  as  regards,  perhaps,  three-fourths  of 
the  quantity  sold,  known  as  "  mixed,"  and  sold  at 
4s.  perlb. — costing,  at  a  tea-broker's,  from  2s.  llrf. 
to  3s.  3d.  It  is  announced,  as  to  its  staple 
or  entire  compound,  to  be  "  congou,"  but  is  in 
reality  a  tea  known  as  "  pouchong."  Some  old 
ladies  are  still  anxious,  I  was  told,  for  a  cup  of 
good  strong  bohea ;  and  though  bohea  has  been 
unknown  to  the  tea-trade  since  the  expiration  of  the 
East  India  Company's  Charter  in  1834,  the  ac- 
commodating street-traveller  will  undertake  to  sup- 
ply the  genuine  leaf  to  which  the  old  lady  had 
been  so  long  accustomed.  The  green  teas  thus  sold 
(and  they  are  not  above  a  fiftieth  part  of  the 
other)  are  common  twankays  and  common  young 
hysons,  neither  of  them — I  can  state  on  excellent 
authority — accounted  in  the  trade  to  be  "  true 
teas,"  but,  as  in  the  case  of  some  other  green 
teas,  "  Canton  made."  The  "green"  is  sold  from 
the  vans  generally  at  4s.  6d. ;  sometimes,  but 
rarely,  as  high  as  5s.  6d.  What  is  sold  at  4*.  6d. 
may  cost,  on  the  average,  3s.  5d.  I  may  add, 
also,  that  when  a  good  article  is  supplied,  such 
profits  in  the  tea-trade  are  not  accounted  at  all 
excessive. 

But  the  more  usual  mode  of  tea  hawking  is  by 
itinerant  dealers  who  have  a  less  direct  connection 
with  the  shop  whereat  they  purchase  their  goods. 
To  this  mode  of  obtaining  a  livelihood,  the  haw- 
kers are  invited  by  all  the  persuasive  powers  of 
advertising  eloquence  :  "  To  persons  in  want  of  a 
genteel  and  lucrative  employment" — "  To  Gentle- 
men of  good  address  and  business  habits,"  &c.,  &c. 
The  genteel  and  lucrative  employment  is  to  hawk 
tea  under  the  auspices  of  this  "  company  "  or  the 
other.  The  nature  of  this  business,  and  of  the 
street  tea-trade  generally,  is  shown  in  the  follow- 
ing statement : — "  About  twelve  years  ago  I  came 
to  London  in  expectation  of  a  situation  as  tide- 
waiter*  I  did  not  succeed,  however,  and  not  being 
able  to  obtair  any  other  employment,  and  trusting 
to  the  promises  of  gentlemen  M.P.s  for  too  long 
a  time,  my  means  were  exhausted,  and  I  was 
at  length  induced  to  embark  in  the  tea  business. 
To  this  I  was  persuaded  by  a  few  friends  who 
advanced  me  some  money,  considering  that  it 
would  suit  me  well,  while  my  friends  would 
endeavour  to  get  me  a  connection,  that  is,  procure 
me  customers.  I  accordingly  went  to  a  well- 
known  Tea  Company  in  the  City,  a  firm  bear- 


ing a  great  name.  Their  advertisements  put 
forth  extraordinary  statements,  of  so  many  persons 
realizing  independencies  from  selling  their  teas, 
and  in  very  short  spaces  of  time.  I  was  quite 
pleased  at  the  prospect  presented  to  me  in  such 
glowing  terms,  and,  depending  not  a  little  on  my 
own  industry  and  perseverance,  I  embraced  the 
opportunity  and  introduced  myself  forthwith  to 
the  Company.  They  advised  me  in  the  first 
place  to  take  out  a  licence  for  selling  teas,  to  se- 
cure me  against  any  risk  of  fines  or  forfeitures. 
The  cost  of  a  licence,  after  payment  of  2s.  ll^d. 
preliminary  expenses,  is  lls.  per  annum,  to  lie 
paid  quarterly,  as  it  becomes  due,  and  it  is  paid 
by  the  Company  for  their  agents.  The  licence  is 
granted  for  the  place  of  abode  of  the  '  traveller,' 
and  strictly  prohibits  him  from  hawking  or  ex- 
posing his  wares  for  sale  at  places  other  than  at 
such  place  of  abode,  but  he  may  of  course  supply 
his  customers  where  he  will,  and  serve  them  at 
their  places  of  abode  respectively.  Everything 
thus  prepared,  I  commenced  operations,  but  soon 
found  that  this  tea  dealing  was  not  so  advan- 
tageous as  I  had  anticipated.  I  found  that  the 
commission  allowed  by  the  Company  on  cheap 
teas  was  very  low.  For  those  generally  used  by 
the  working  people,  '  4s.  tea,'  for  instance,  or 
that  at  4s.  per  pound,  I  had  to  pay  to  the  Com- 
pany 3s.  6d.  per  pound,  thus  allowing  the  travel- 
ling dealer  or  agent  for  commission  only  (jd.  in 
the  pound,  or  l^d.  per  quarter.  Now  80  or 
100  customers  is  considered  a  fair  connection 
for  a  dealer,  and  allowing  each  customer  to  tike  a 
quarter  of  a  pound  at  an  average,  80  good  cus- 
tomers at  that  rate  would  bring  him  in  10s., 
or  100  customers  12s.  6d.  clear  profit  weekly. 
But  many  customers  do  not  require  so  much  as  a 
quarter  of  a  pound  weekly,  while  others  require 
more,  so  that  I  find  it  rather  awkward  to  sub- 
divide it  in  portions  to  suit  each  customer,  as  the 
smallest  quantity  made  at  the  warehouse  is  a 
quarter  of  a  pound,  and  every  quarter  is  done  up 
in  a  Libelled  wrapper,  with  the  price  marked  on  it. 
So  that  to  break  or  disturb  the  package  in  any 
way  might  cause  some  customers  to  suspect  that 
it  had  been  meddled  with  unfairly. 

"  Another  disadvantage  was  in  dealing  with  the 
'  Tea  Company.'  No  sugars  are  supplied  by 
them,  which  makes  it  more  inconvenient  for  the 
travelling  dealer,  as  his  customers  find  it  difficult 
to  get  sugars,  most  retail  grocers  having  an  objec- 
tion to  sell  sugars  to  any  but  those  who  are  pur- 
chasers of  teas  as  well.  However,  I  was  not 
confined  to  deal  with  this  Company,  and  so  I  tried 
other  places,  and  found  a  City  house,  whose  terms 
were  preferable.  Here  I  could  get  tea  for  3s.  3d, 
as  good  as  that  for  which  the  Company  charged 
3s.  6rf.,  besides  getting  it  done  up  to  order  in  plain 
paper,  and  in  quantities  to  suit  every  variety  of 
customer.  There  were  also  sugars,  which  must  be 
had  to  accommodate  the  custoraere,  at  whatever 
trouble  or  inconvenience  to  the  traveller;  for  it  is 
very  lumbersome  to  carry  about,  and  leaves 
scarcely  any  profit  at  all. 

•'*  The  trade  is  anything  but  agreeable,  and  the 
customers  are  often  exacting.  They  seem  to  fancy, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


511 


however  cheaply  and  well  they  may  be  supplied, 
that  the  tea-seller  is  under  obligations  to  them ; 
that  their  custom  will  be  the  making  of  him,  and, 
therefore,  they  expect  some  compliment  in  return. 
The  consequence  is,  that  very  often,  unless  he  be 
willing  to  be  accounted  a  '  shabby  man,'  the  tea- 
dealer  is  obliged,  of  a  Saturday  night,  to  treat  his 
customers,  to  ensure  a  continuance  of  their  cus- 
tom. Other  customers  take  care  to  be  absent  at 
the  time  he  calls.  Those  who  are  anxious  to  run 
up  bills,  perhaps,  keep  out  of  the  way  purposely 
for  two  or  more  successive  nights  of  the  dealer's 
calling,  who,  notwithstanding,  cannot  very  well 
aroid  sirring  such  customers.  This  is  another  evil, 
and  if  the  tea-man's  capital  be  not  sufficient  to  enable 
him  to  carry  on  the  business  in  this  manner, 
giving  credit  (for  it  is  unavoidable),  he  is  very 
soon  insolvent,  and  compelled  to  give  up  the 
business.  I  had  to  give  it  up  at  last,  after  having 
carried  it  on  for  four  years,  leaving  8/.  or  9/.  due 
to  me,  in  small  sums,  varying  from  1$.  to  10*.,  one 
•hilling  of  which  I  never  expect  to  be  paid.  I  could 
not  have  continued  it  so  long,  for  my  means  would 
not  allow  me  to  give  credit ;  but  getting  partial 
employment  at  the  List-mentioned  house,  where  I 
dealt,  enabled  me  to  do  so.  When,  however,  I 
got  permanently  employed,  I  grew  tired  of  tea- 
dealing,  and  gave  it  up. 

'•  In  my  opinion  the  business  would  best  suit 
persons  casually  employed,  such  as  dockmen  and 
others,  who  might  have  leisure  to  go  about ;  those 


also  who  get  other  commissions  and  hawk  about 
other  commodities,  such  as  soft  wares,  might  do 
very  well  by  it ;  otherwise,  in  most  cases,  't  is  only 
resorted  to  as  a  make-shift  where  no  other  em- 
ployment can  be  obtained. 

"  I  do  not  know  how  many  persons  are  in  the 
trade.  I  have,  however,  heard  it  asserted,  that 
there  were  between  4000  and  5000  persons  in 
London  engaged  in  the  business,  who  are,  with 
but  few  exceptions,  Scotchmen  ;  they,  of  all  others, 
manage  to  do  the  best  t»  (his  line. 

"  A  man,  to  undertake  the  tea  buiiness,  requires 
a  double  capital,  because  in  the  first  place,  he  has 
to  purchase  the  tea,  then  he  must  give  credit,  and 
be  able  to  support  himself  till  such  time  as  he  can 
get  in  his  money.  Some  of  the  tea-dealers  manage 
to  eke  out  their  profits  by  mixing  tea-leaves, 
which  have  been  used,  with  the  genuine  com- 
modity. They  spread  the  old  tea-leaves  on  tins 
which  they  have  for  the  purpose,  and,  by  exposing 
them  either  to  the  action  of  the  air  or  the  heat  of 
the  fire,  the  leaves  crisp  up  as  they  had  been 
before  they  were  used,  and  are  not  distinguishable 
from  the  rest.  I  never  vended  such  an  article, 
and  that  may  be  one  reason  why  I  could  not  suc- 
ceed in  the  business." 

I  believe  the  career  thus  detailed  is  a  common 
one  among  the  hawkers  of  tea,  or  rather  the 
"travellers"  in  the  tea  trade.  Many  sell  it  on 
tally. 


OF    THE     WOMEN     STREET-SELLERS. 


As  the  volume  is  now  fast  drawing  to  a  close,  and 
a  specific  account  has  been  furnished  of  almost  every 

:  tion   of  street-sell'  r  (with    the  exception  of 
those  who  are    the  nw.lxrt  of. the  articles  they 

.  I    purpose  Hiving  a  more  full  and  general 

history  and  classification  than    I   have  yet  done  of 

the  feminine  portion  of  the  traders  in  the  streets. 

The  wonii  in  street-sale  are  of  all 

ages  and  of  nearly  all   classes.     They  are,  how- 

•  iiietly  of  two  countries,  England  and  Ire- 

iratively)  a  few  Jewesses, 

and  a  very  few  Scotchwomen  and   Welch  w..nirn 
.re  street-traders ;    and  they  are  so,  a*  it 
Accidentally,  from  their  connecti«.n,  : 
riage  or  otherwise,  with   male   street-sellers.     Of 

•  •rs  there  an  .vonien,  and  a 
few  Italians  with  musical  instruments. 

lirsl   broad   and    dintiiiclive    view    of  the 
female  street-sellers,  is  regarding  them  nat- 

i  i^lish  or  Irish  women 
isces  separated   by  definite  chnracteristics 

women  —  to  av<»  g    the 

reader  with  an  excess  of  subdivisions — I  shall 
speak  of  generally  ;  th  it  is  to  My,  M  one  homo* 
geneoms  claw,  referring  those  who  rroairt  a  more 
.-non  before  given  of 
the 


The  Englishwomen  selling  in   the  streets  ap- 
pear to  admit  of  being  arranged  into  four  r. 
groups,  viz.  : — 

2.  The  Wives  of  Street-Sellers. 

Mechanics'  or  Labourers'  Wives,  who  go  out 
Street-Selling  (while  their  husbands  are  at 
as  a  means  oi  :  the  family  income.        » 

3.  Widows  of  former  Street-Seller*. 

4.  Single  Woman. 

I  do  not  know  of  any  street-trade  earn 
fxclufictly  by  women.     The  sale*  it. 
are  principally  concerned  are  in  fuh   (including 
shrimps  and  oysters),  fruit  and  vegetables  (widows 
selling  on  their  own  account),  fire-screens  a 

.  artificial  flowers    (but 
my  great  majority  over  the  male  traders), 
cut  flowers,  boot  and  stay-laces  and  small  ware*, 
wash-leathers,  towels,  burnt  1 
nets,  pin-cushions,  tea  and  coffee,  ric< 
and  whey,  sheeps'- trotter*,  and  dressed  «. 

What  may  be  called   the   "heavier"  trades, 
thoae  necessitating  the  carrying  of  heavy  » 
or  the  pushing  of  heavily-laden  barrow*,  are  ia 
the  haads  of  men  ;  and  so  are,  eren  more  excla* 
•ively,  what  may  be  classed  a*  the  more 
trade*  of  the  street*,  vis.  the  sale  ••: 
of    books,    of    the   most    popular    eatable*  and 


512 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


drinkables  (the  coffee-stalls  excepted),  and  in 
every  branch  dependent  upon  th«  use  of  patter. 
In  such  callings  as  root-selling,  crock-bartering, 
table-cover  selling,  mats,  game,  and  poultry,  the 
wife  is  the  helpmate  of  her  husband;  if  she  trade 
separately  in  these  things,  it  is  because  there  is  a 
fuil  stock  to  dispose  of,  which  requires  the  exer- 
tions of  two  persons,  perhaps  with  some  hired 
help  just  f»r  the  occasion. 

The  difference  in  the  street-traffic,  as  carried  on 
by  Englishwomen  and  Irishwomen,  is  marked 
enough.  The  Irishwoman's  avocations  are  the 
least  skilled,  and  the  least  remunerative,  but  as 
regards  mere  toil,  such  as  the  carrying  of  a  heavy 
burthen,  are  by  for  the  most  laborious.  An  Irish- 
woman, though  not  reared  to  the  streets,  will  carry 
heavy  baskets  of  oranges  or  apples,  principally  when 
those  fruits  are  cheap,  along  the  streets  while  her 
English  co-trader  (if  not  a  costennonger)  may  be 
vending  laces,  millinery,  artificial  flowers,  or  other 
commodities  of  a  "  light,"  and  in  some  degree  of 
street  estimation  a  "genteel"  trade.  Some  of 
the  less  laborious  callings,  however,  such  as  that 
in  wash  leathers,  are  principally  in  the  hands  of 
young  and  middle-aged  Irishwomen,  while  that  in 
sheeps'-trotters,  which  does  not  entail  heavy  labour, 
are  in  the  hands  mostly  of  elderly  Irishwomen.  The 
sale  of  such  things  as  lucifer-matches  and  water- 
cresses,  and  any  ''stock "of  general  use,  and  at- 
tainable for  a  few  pence,  is  resorted  to  by  the  very 
poor  of  every  class.  The  Irishwoman  more  readily 
unites  begging  with  selling  than  the  English- 
woman, and  is  far  more  fluent  and  even  eloquent; 
perhaps  she  pays  less  regard  to  truth,  but  she 
unquestionably  pays  a  greater  regard  to  chastity. 
When  the  uneducated  Irishwoman,  however,  has 
fallen  into  licentious  ways,  she  is,  as  I  once  heard 
it  expressed,  the  most  "  savagely  wicked"  of  any. 

After  these  broad  distinctions  I  proceed  to 
details. 

1.  From  the  best  information  at  my  command  it 
may  be  affirmed  that  about  one-half  of  the  women 
employed  in  the  diverse  trades  of  the  streets,  are 
the  wives  or  concubines  (permanently  or  tempo- 
rarily) of  the  men  who  pursue  a  simihr  mode  of 
livelihood — the  male  street-sellers.  I  may  here 
observe  that  I  was  informed  by  an  experienced 
police-officer — who  judged  from  his  personal  ob- 
servation, without  any  official  or  even  systematic 
investigation — that  the  women  of  the  town,  who 
survived  their  youth  or  their  middle  age,  did  not 
resort  to  the  sale  of  any  commodity  in  the  streets, 
but  sought  the  shelter  of  the  workhouse,  or  died, 
he  could  not  tell  where  or  under  what  circum- 
stances. Of  the  verity  of  this  statement  I  have 
no  doubt,  as  a  street-sale  entails  some  degree  of 
industry  or  of  exertion,  for  which  the  life  of  those 
wretched  women  may  have  altogether  unfitted  them. 

In  the  course  of  the  narratives  and  statements 
I  have  given,  it  is  shown  that  some  wives  pursue 
one  (itinerant  or  stationary)  calling,  while  the 
husband  pursues  another.  The  trades  in  which 
the  husband  and  wife  (and  I  may  here  remark 
that  when  I  speak  of  "  wives,"  I  include  all, 
so  regarded  in  street  life,  wnetner  legally  united 
or  nut) — the  trmles  in  which  the  woman  is, 


more  than  in  any  others,  literally  the  help-mat* 
of  the  man,  are  the  costermonger's  (including 
the  flower,  or  root,  sellers)  and  the  crockery- 
ware  people.  To  the  costermonger  some  help  ia 
often  indispensable,  and  that  of  a  wife  is  the 
cheapest  and  the  most  honest  (to  say  nothing  of 
the  considerations  connected  withahomej  which  can 
be  obtained.  Among  the  more  prosperous  coster- 
mongers  too,  especially  those  who  deal  in  fish, 
the  wife  attends  to  the  stall  while  the  husband 
goes  "  a  round,"  and  thus  a  greater  extent  of 
business  is  transacted.  In  the  root  and  crockery- 
trades  the  woman's  assistance  is  necessary  when 
barter  takes  place  instead  of  sale,  as  the  husband 
may  be  ignorant  of  the  value  of  the  old  female 
attire  which  even  "  high  hip  ladies."  as  they 
were  described  to  me,  loved  to  exchange  for  a 
fuchsia  or  a  geranium  ;  for  a  glass  creain-jug  or  a 
china  ornament.  Of  the  married  women  engaged 
in  any  street  trade,  I  believe  nineteen-twentieth* 
are  the  wives  of  men  also  pursuing  some  street 
avocation. 

2.  There  are,  however,  large  classes  of  female 
street-sellers  who  may  be  looked  upon  as  excep- 
tions, the  wife  selling  in  the  streets  while  the  hus- 
band is  engaged  in  some  manual  labour,  but  they 
are  only  partially  exceptions.  In  the  sale  of  wash- 
leathers,  for  instance,  are  the  wives  of  many  Irish 
bricklayers'  labourers  ;  the  woman  may  be  con- 
stantly occupied  in  disposing  of  her  wares  in  the 
streets  or  suburbs,  and  the  man  labouring  at  any 
building  ;  but  in  case  of  the  deprivation  of  work, 
such  a  man  will  at  once  become  a  street-seller, 
and  in  the  winter  many  burly  Irish  labourers  sell 
a  few  nuts  or  "  baked  taties,"  or  a  few  pairs  of 
braces,  or  some  article  which  seems  little  suitable 
for  the  employment  of  men  of  thews  and  muscle. 
In  the  course  of  my  present  inquiry  I  have,  in 
only  very  rare  instances,  met  with  a  poor  Irish- 
man, who  had  not  a  reason  always  at  his  tongue's 
end  to  justify  anything  he  was  doing.  Ask  a 
bricklayer's  labourer  why,  in  his  youth  and 
strength,  he  is  selling  nuts,  and  he  will  at  once 
reply  :  "  Sure  thin,  your  honnur,  isn't  it  better 
than  doin'  nothing?  I  must  thry  and  make  a 
pinny,  'til  I'm  in  worruk  again,  and  glory  be 
to  God,  I  hope  that  'II  be  soon." 

An  experienced  man,  who  knows  all  the  street- 
folk  trading  in  Whitechapel  and  its  neighbourhood, 
and  about  Spitalfields,  told  me  that  he  could  count 
up  100  married  women,  in  different  branches  of 
open-air  commerce,  and  of  them  only  two  had 
husbands  who  worked  regularly  in-doors.  The 
husband  of  one  woman  works  for  a  slop-tailor, 
the  other  is  a  bobbin  turner;  the  tailor's  wife 
sells  water-cresses  every  morning  and  afternoon  ; 
the  turner's  wife  is  a  "small-ware  woman."  The 
tailor,  however,  told  my  informant  that  his  eye- 
sight was  failing  him,  that  his  earnings  became 
less  and  less,  that  he  was  treated  like  dirt,  and 
would  go  into  some  street-trade  himself  before 
long.  When  the  man  and  his  wife  are  both  in 
the  street-trade,  it  is  the  case  in  three  instances 
out  of  four  (excluding  of  course  the  costermonger*, 
root-sellers,  and  crock-man's  pursuits)  that  thi 
couple  carry  on  different  callings. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


513 


In  the  fall  and  specific  accounts  I  gave  of  the 
largest  body  of  street-sellers,  viz.,  the  coster- 
mongers,  I  showed  that  concubinage  among  persons 
»f  all  ages  was  the  rule,  and  marriage  the  exception. 
It  was  computed  that,  taking  the  mass  of  coster- 
mongers,  only  one  couple  in  twenty,  living  together, 
were  married,  except  in  Clerkenwell,  where  the 
costers  are  very  numerous,  and  where  the  respected 
incumbent  at  certain  seasons  marries  poor  persons 
gratuitously  ;  there  one  couple  in  tea  were  really 
man  and  wife. 

Uf  the  other  classes  of  women  street-sellers, 
directly  the  reverse  is  the  case ;  of  those  living 
as  man  and  wife,  one  couple  in  twenty  may  be 
UHintirrifd.  An  intelligent  informant  thought 
this  average  too  high,  and  that  it  was  more 
probably  one  in  sixteen.  But  I  incline  to  the 
opinion  of  one  in  twenty,  considering  how  many 
of  the  street-traders  have  •'  seen  better  days," 
and  were  married  before  they  apprehended  being 
driven  to  a  street  career.  In  this  enumeration 
I  include  only  street-traders.  Among  such  people 
as  ballad  singers,  concubinage,  though  its  wrong- 
fulness  is  far  better  understood  than  among 
ignorant  costermongers,  id  practised  even  more 
:md  there  is  often  among  such  classes  even 
worse  than  concubinage — a  dependance,  more  or 
less,  on  the  wages  of  a  woman's  prostitution, 
and  often  a  savage  punishment  to  the  wretched 
woman,  if  those  wages  of  sin  are  scant  or 
wanting. 

3.  The   widows  in   the    street-trades  are  very 
generally  the  widows  of  street-sellers.     I  believe 
that  very  few  of  the  widows  of  mechanics,  when 

-provided  for  on  their  husbands'  demise, 
retort  to  street  traffic.  If  they  have  been  needle- 
women before  marriage,  they  again  seek  for  em- 
nt  at  needle- work  ;  if  they  have  been  ser- 
vant*, they  become  charwomen,  or  washerwomen, 
or  again  endeavour  to  obtain  a  livelihood  in 
domestic  service. 

There  are  some  to  whom  those  resources  are 

but  starvation,  or  a  step  from  starvation,  or  whom 

1  entirely,  and   then   they  '"must  try  the 

11  describe  it.    If  they  are  young 

and  reckless,  they   become  prostitutes  ;  if  in   more 

advanced    years,    or     with   good    principles,  they 

turn  street-teller* ;  but  this  is  only    when  desti 

presses  sharply. 

4.  The  single  women  in  the  street-calling*  are 
gen  .-rally  the  daughters  of  street^sellers,  but  their 

i  of  the  others,  ex 
•bey  are  the  daughters  <>f  Irish  parent*.  The 

either  help  their  parent*,  with 
name  similar  trade; 

MMti  form  connections  with  the  other  sex, 
and  easily  sever  the  pan-mal  tie,  which  v. 
Wbly  has  b«H-n  far  too  lax  or  far  too  cevere.  I  made 
many  inquiries,  but  I  did  n»t  )i<-.ir    ' 

•  ninectrd  with  street  folk 
rearing,  such  a*  a  servant  tnjud,— «n- 
deavoaring  to  support  benrlf  when  "at  ••' 
or  place  by  a  street  avocation.     Bitch  a  person  will 

•  •r  *lop  shirt-mak 

will,   as   muih    or   n.'re    from    deap«rati< 
from  viciousar**,  g>  upon   the  town.     With   U»e 


Irish  gir's  the  case  is  different :  brought  up  to  a 
street-life,  used  to  whine  and  blarney,  they  grow 
up  to  womanhood  in  street-selling,  and  as  they 
rarely  form  impure  connections,  and  as  no  one  may 
be  induced  to  offer  them  marriage,  their  life  is 
often  one  of  street  celibacy.  A  young  Irishwoman, 
to  whom  I  was  referred  in  the  course  of  my 
inquiry  among  fruit-sellers,  had  come  to  London 
in  the  hopes  of  meeting  her  brother,  with  whom 
she  was  to  emigrate;  but  she  could  learn  nothing 
of  him,  and,  concluding  that  he  was  dead,  be- 
came an  apple-seller.  She  sat,  when  I  wi 
on  cold  wintry  days,  at  the  corner  of  a  street  ii. 
the  Commercial-road,  seemingly  as  much  dead  as 
alive,  and  slept  with  an  aunt,  also  a  single  wo* 
man,  who  was  somewhat  similarly  circumstanced  ; 
and  thus  these  two  women  lived  on  about  6</.  a 
day  each.  Their  joint  bed  was  1*.  a  week,  and 
they  contrived  to  subsist  on  what  remained  when 
this  shilling  was  paid.  The  niece  referred  me, 
not  without  a  sense  of  pride,  to  her  priest,  a*  to 
her  observance  of  her  religious  duties,  and  de- 
clared that  where  she  lodged  there  were  none  but 
women  lodgers,  and  those  chiefly  her  own  coun- 
trywomen. I  believe  such  case*  are  not  un- 
common. A  few,  who  have  had  the  education  of 
ladies  (as  in  the  case  of  an  envelope-teller  whose 
statement  I  gave),  are  driven  to  street-trading,  but 
it  is  as  a  desperate  grasp  at  something  to  supply 
less  bitter  bread,  however  little  of  it,  than  is  sup- 
plied in  the  workhouse.  I  have  many  a  time 
heard  poor  women  say  :  "  God  knows,  sir,  I  should 
live  far  better,  and  be  better  lodged  and  better 
cared  for  in  the  house  (they  seldom  call  it  work- 
house), but  I  'd  rather  live  on  2d.  a  day."  Into 
the  question  of  out  and  in-door  relief  I  need  not 
now  enter,  but  the  prevalent  feeling  I  have  indi- 
cated is  one  highly  honourable  to  the  English  poor. 
I  have  heard  it  stated  that  the  utter  repugnance 
to  a  workhouse  existence  was  weaker  than  it  used 
to  be  among  the  poor,  but  I  have  not  in-  : 
anything  to  uphold  such  an  opinion. 

Such  constitute   the  several    classes  of  women 
street-seller*.     I  shall  now  proceed  to  speak  of  the 
habits  and  character*  of  this  peculiar  port 
the  street-folk. 

At  regard*  tfis  rtliyion  of  the  women  in  street 
trades,  it  it  not  difficult  to  describe  it.  The  Irish- 
women  an  Rinnan  Catholic*.  !Yrhnp*  I  a 
tie,)  in  stating  that  they  are  all  of  that  faith.  The 
truth  of  this  assertion  i*  proved,  moreover,  to  aa 
full  a  demonstration  a*  it  very  well  can  be  proved 
without  actual  enumeration,  by  the  met  thnt  the 
great  majority  of  the  Irishwomen  in  the  street*  are 

,  Catholic  provinces  of  Connaught. 
»ter.  nrd  Munster ;  there  are  Terr  few  • 
and  not  :  »>e  whole  from  any 

vince*.     Perhaps,   «pn 
extravagant  to  e»timate  that  thru-fourth, 
.md  girls  from  the  sister  island,  now 
,  the  streets,  have  been,  when 

<-l]liIr\,       «  ' '1 1  •  ;  ('1   »'  <1        *      P'  II ;.  M         If. MI        IMl  M  '.lUtl  •       <   r 

parent*  with  the  cultivation  of  the  land, 
not  so  easy  to  speak  of  what  the  remaining 

wrfr    lirjrtrr    tn<  V    rwT.illir    niiniii/Taiit*          ^ollir    Wrf* 

•k-  wivef  of  mechanics,  who,  when  their  husband* 


514 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


to  obtain  work  in  London  became  street- 
traders,  had  adopted  the  same  pursuits.  I  met 
with  one  intelligent  man  having  a  stall  of  very 
excellent  fruit  in  Battle-bridge,  who  had  been  a 
brogue-maker.  He  had  been  in  business  on  his 
own  account  in  Tralee,  but  mended  the  indifferent 
profits  of  brogue-making  by  a  little  trade  in  "  dry 
goods."  This,  he  told  me  with  a  cautious  glance 
around  him  and  in  a  half  whisper,  though  it 
was  twenty-eight  years  since  he  left  his  country, 
meant  smuggled  tobacco.  He  found  it  advisable, 
on  account  of  being  "  wanted  "  by  the  revenue  of- 
ficers, to  leave  Tralee  in  great  haste.  He  arrived 
in  London,  got  employment  as  a  bricklayer's 
labourer,  and  sent  for  his  wife  to  join  him.  This 
she  did,  and  from  her  first  arrival,  sold  fruit  in  the 
streets.  In  two  or  three  years  the  husband's  work 
among  the  builders  grew  slack,  and  he  then  took  to 
the  streets.  Another  man,  a  shoemaker,  who  came 
from  Dublin  to  obtain  work  in  London,  as  he  was 
considered  "  a  good  hand,''  could  not  obtain  it, 
but  became  a  street-seller,  and  his  wife,  previously 
to  himself,  had  resorted  to  a  street-trade  in  fruit. 
He  became  a  widowerand  married  as  "  his  second," 
the  daughter  of  an  Irish  carpenter  who  had  been  dis- 
appointed in  emigrating  from  London,  and  whose 
whole  family  had  become  fruit-sellers.  A  third 
man,  who  had  worked  at  his  trade  of  a  tailor 
in  Cork,  Waterford,  Wicklow,  and  Dublin  (he 
"  tramped "  from  Cork  to  Dublin)  had  come 
to  London  and  been  for  many  years  a  street- 
seller  in  different  capacities.  His  wife  and 
daughter  now  assist  him,  or  trade  independently, 
in  selling  "roots."  "  Rayther,"  this  man  said, 
"  than  put  up  wid  the  wages  and  the  ter-ratement 
vsaid  very  emphatically)  o'  thim  slop  masters  at 
the  Aist  Ind,  I'd  sill  myself  as  a  slave.  The 
stln-.iits  doesn't  degrade  a  man  like  thim  thieves 
o'  the  worruld."  This  man  knew,  personally,  ten 
Irish  mechauics  who  were  street-sellers  in  London, 
as  were  their  wives  and  families,  including  some 
five-and-twenty  females. 

I  adduce  these  and  the  following  details  some- 
what minutely,  as  they  tend  to  show  by  what 
class  of  Irish  immigrants  the  streets  ot  the  impe- 
rial metropolis  are  stocked  with  so  large  a  body  of 
open-air  traders. 

There  is  also  another  class  of  women  who,  I  am 
informed  on  good  authority,  s«.  me  times  become 
street-sellers,  though  I  met  with  KO  instance  my- 
self. The  orphan  children  of  poor  Irish  parents 
are,  on  the  demise  of  their  father  and  n  other  some- 
times taken  into  a  workhouse  and  placed  out  as 
domestic  servants.  So,  as  regards  domestic  ser- 
vants, are  the  daughters  of  Irish  labourers,  by 
their  friends  or  the  charitable.  As  the  wapcs  of 
these  young  girls  are  small  and  sometimes  nominal, 
the  work  generally  hard,  and  in  no  tew  instances 
the  food  scanty  and  the  treatment  severe,  domestic 
service  becomes  distasteful,  and  a  street  life  "on  a 
few  oranges  and  limrnons  "  is  preferred.  There  is, 
moreover,  with  some  of  this  class  another  cause 
which  almost  compels  the  young  Irish  girl  into  the 
adoption  of  some  street  calling.  A  peevish  mistress, 
whose  numerous  family  renders  a  servant  neces 
lary,  but  whose  means  are  small  or  precarious, 


becomes  bitterly  dissatisfied  with  the  awkward- 
ness or  stupidity  of  her  Irish  handmaiden ;  the 
girl's  going,  or  "  teasing  to  go,"  every  Sunday 
morning  to  mass  is  annoying,  and  the  girl  is  often 
discharged,  or  discharges  herself  "  in  a  huff."  The 
mistress,  perhaps,  with  the  low  tyranny  dear  to 
vulgar  minds,  refuses  her  servant  a  character,  or, 
in  giving  one,  suppresses  any  good  qualities,  and 
exaggerates  the  failings  of  impudence,  laziness, 
lying,  and  dirtiness.  Thus  the  girl  cannot  obtair 
another  situation,  and  perforce  perhaps  she  becomes 
a  street-seller. 

The  readiness  with  which  young  Irish  people 
thus  adapt  themselves  to  all  the  uncertainties  and 
hardships  of  a  street  life  is  less  to  be  wondered  at 
when  we  consider  that  the  Irish  live  together,  or 
at  any  rate  associate  with  one  another,  in  this 
country,  preserving  their  native  tastes,  habits,  and 
modes'of  speech.  Among  their  tastes  and  habits, 
a  dislike  to  a  street  life  does  not  exist  as  it  does 
among  English  girls. 

The  poor  Irish  females  in  London  are  for  the 
most  part  regular  in  their  attendance  at  mass,  :md 
this  constant  association  in  their  chapels  is  one 
of  the  links  which  keeps  the  street-Irish  women 
so  much  distinct  from  the  street-English.  In  the 
going  to  and  returning  from  the  Roman  Catholic 
chapels,  there  is  among  these  people — I  was  told 
by  one  of  the  most  intelligent  of  them — a  talk  of 
family  and  secular  matters, — of  the  present  too 
high  price  of  oranges  to  leave  full  Gd.  a  day  at  two 
a  penny,  and  the  probable  time  when  cherries 
would  be  *'  in  "  and  cheap,  "  plaze  God  to  prosper 
them."  In  these  colloquies  there  is  an  absence  of 
any  interference  by  English  street  sellers,  and  an 
unity  of  conversation  and  interest  peculiarly  Irish. 
It  is  thus  that  the  tie  of  religion,  working  with 
the  other  causes,  keeps  the  Irish  in  the  London 
streets  knitted  to  their  own  ways,  and  is  likdv  to 
keep  them  go,  and,  perhaps,  to  add  to  their 
number. 

It  was  necessary  to  write  somewhat  at  length  of 
so  large  a  class  of  women  whoare  professors  of  a  reli- 
gion, but  of  the  others  the  details  may  be  brief ; 
tor,  as  to  the  great  majority,  religion  is  almost  a 
nonentity.  For  this  absence  of  religious 
vances,  the  women  street-sellers  make  many,  and 
sometimes,  I  must  confess,  valiant  excuses.  They 
must  work  on  a  Sunday  morning,  they  wi;J 
say,  or  they  can't  eat ;  or  else  they  tell  you, 
they  are  so  tired  by  knocking  about  all  the 
week  that  they  must  rest  on  a  Sunday  ;  or 
else  they  have  no  clothes  to  go  to  church  in, 
and  ar'n't  a-going  there  just  to  be  looked  down 
upon  and  put  in  any  queer  place  as  if  they  had  a 
fever,  and  for  ladies  to  hold  their  grand  dresses 
away  from  them  as  they  walked  in  to  their  grand 
pews.  Then,  again,  some  assert  they  are  not  used 
to  sit  still  for  so  long  a  time,  and  so  fall  asleep. 
I  have  heard  all  these  causes  assigned  as  reasons 
for  not  attending  church  or  chapel. 

A  few  women  street-sellers,  however,  do  attend 
tke  Sunday  service  of  the  Church  of  England. 
One  lace-seller  told  me  that  she  did  so  because  it 
obliged  Mrs.  —  —  ,  who  was  the  best  fnend  and 
customer  she  had,  and  who  always  looked  from 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  TIIK  LO\DON  POOR. 


515 


fer  pew  in  the  gallery  to  see  wtio  were  on  the 
poor  seats.  A  few  others,  perhaps  about  an  equal 
number,  attend  dissenting  places  of  worship  of  the 
various  denominations — the  Methodist  chapels 
comprising  more  than  a  half.  If  I  may  venture 
upon  a  calculation  founded  on  the  result  of  my 
inquiries,  and  on  the  information  of  others  who 
felt  an  interest  in  the  matter,  I  should  say  that 
about  five  female  street-sellers  attended  Protestant 
places  of  worship,  in  the  ratio  of  a  hundred  attend- 
ing the  Roman  Catholic  chapels. 

The  localities  in  which,  the  female  gtreet-sellers 
reside  are  those  (generally)  which  I  have  often  had 
occasion  to  specify  as  the  abodes  of  the  poor.  They 
congregate  principally,  however,  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  some  street-market  The  many  courts  in 
Ray-street,  Turnmill-street,  Cow-cross,  and  other 
parts  of  Clerkenweil,  are  full  of  street-sellers,  espe- 
cially costermongers,  some  of  those  costermongers 
being  also  drovers.  Their  places  of  sale  are  in 
Clerkenwell-green,  Aylesbury-street,  and  St.  John- 
street.  Others  reside  in  Vine-street  (late  Mutton- 
hill),  Saffron-hill,  Portpool  Lane,  Baldwin's-gar- 
dens,  and  the  many  streets  or  alleys  stretching 
from  Leather-lane  to  Gray's-inn-lane,  with  a  few 
of  the  better  sort  in  Cromer-street  Their  chief 
mart  is  Leather-lane,  now  one  of  the  most  crowded 
markets  in  London.  The  many  who  use  the  Brill 
as  their  place  of  street-traffic,  reside  in  Brill-row, 
:lstofl-street,  Wilstead-street,  Chapel-street, 
and  in  the  many  small  intersecting  lanes  and 
alleys  connected  with  those  streets,  and  in  other 
part*  of  Somers-town.  The  saleswomen  in  the 
Crippl-  markets,  such  as  Whitecross- 

:.  Golden-lane,  &c.,  reside  in 
riay-hon.-e-yard,  and  in  the  thick  congregation  of 
courts  and  alleys,  approximating  to  Al<i< 

.    Bunhill-row,    Chiswell-street, 

Barbican,    &c.,    \c.       Advancing    eastward,    the 

female  street-seller*  in  Shoreditch  (including  the 

divisions  of  the  Bishopsgate-streets  Within  and  \Yith- 

out,   N  te,  and  Holywell-street)  reside 

in  and  about  Artillery-lane,  Half-moon-strcet,  and 

.rrow  "clefts"  (as  they  are  called  in 

one  of   Leigh    Hunt's  essays)   stretching    on    the 

roceed  along  Bishopsgat 

vith  Cornhill ;  "clefts"  which, 

-.1  visits,  have  appeared  to  me  as  among 

;  .-ices  in   London.      On  the  left- hand 

r<ic«tdiiig  in   the  same  direction,  the  street- 

nd  the  many  yards 

:    ;ijis  narrowest,  in  j.ropor- 

pedestrian  thorough- 

fare  in  i.  xed  with  the  poor  stre< '. 

about  Long-alley,  I  may  observe,  are  a  ma**  of  tin- 
tailor*  and  shoemakers  t»  ist-end 
•lop-master* ;  they  are  principally  Irish  workmen, 
4  on  their  crafts  man  >m,  to 
economise  the  rent,  while  some  of  their  wives  are 
•tree  t-  sellers. 

The  street-sellers  in  Spitalfield*  nn<l    i 
green  are  so  mixed  up  as  to  their  abodes  with  the 
.derpaid  cabinet-makers  who  supply 

ilh     slop-em 

tailors  and  shoemakers  (in  the  employ  of  a  class, 
M     respects    shoemakers,    known     a*     "garret- 


masters"  or  middle-men,  between  the  workman 
and  the  wholesale  warehouse-man),  bobbin-turners, 
needle-women,  slop-milliners,  &c.,  that  I  might 
tediously  enumerate  almost  every  one  of  the  many 
streets  known,  emphatically  enough,  as  the  "  poor 
streets."  These  poor  streets  are  very  numerous, 
running  eastward  from  Shoreditch  to  the  Cam- 
bridge-road, and  southward  from  the  Bethnal- 
green-road  to  Whitechapel  and  the  Mile  End-road. 
The  female  street-sellers  in  Whitechapel  live  in 
Wentworth-street,  Thrawl-street,  Osborne-street, 
George-yard,  and  in  several  of  their  intermingle- 
ments  with  courts  and  narrow  streets.  The 
Petticoat-lane  street-dealers  are  generally  Jews, 
and  live  in  the  poorer  Jewish  quarters,  in  Pet- 
ticoat-lane and  its  courts,  and  in  the  streets 
running  on  thence  to  Houndsditch.  Rosemary- 
lane  has  many  street-sellers,  but  in  the  lane  itself 
and  its  many  yards  and  blind  alleys  they  find 
their  domiciles.  Westward  in  the  metropolis  one 
of  the  largest  street-markets  is  in  Tottenham-court- 
road  ;  and  in  the  courts  between  Fitzroy-market 
and  Tottenham-court-road  are  the  rooms  of  the 
women  vending  their  street  goods.  Those  oc- 
cupying the  Hampstead-road  with  their  stalls — 
which  is  but  a  continuation  of  the  Tottenham- 
court-road  market — live  in  the  same  quarters. 
In  what  is  generally  called  the  St.  George's- 
inarket,  meaning  the  stalls  at  the  western  ex- 
tremity of  Oxford-street,  the  women  who  own 
those  stalls  reside  in  and  about  Thomas-street, 
Tom's-court,  and  the  wretched  places — the  very 
existence  of  which  is  perhaps  unknown  to 
their  aristocratic  neighbourhood — about  Grosve- 
nor-square ;  some  of  them  lamentably  wretched 
places.  It  might  be  wearisome  to  carry  on  this 
enumeration  further.  It  may  suffice  to  ol 
that  in  the  populous  parts  of  South  walk. 
Lambeth,  and  Newington,  wherever  there  is  a 
street-market,  are  small  or  old  streets  inhabited 
by  the  street-sellers,  and  at  no  great  di 
From  the  Obelisk  at  the  junction,  or  approximate 
junction,  of  the  Westminster,  Waterloo,  , 
friars,  Borough,  and  London-roads,  in  pretty  well 
every  direction  to  the  banks  of  the  Than  . 
a  mass  of  private-looking  streets — as  far  as  the 
absence  of  shops  constitutes  the  privacy  of  a  ;•• 
old  and  half-ruinous.  «r  nuidern  and  trim,  in  all  of 
which  perhaps  may  be  found  street-sellers,  and  in 
some  (if  which  are  pickpockets,  thieves,  and  pros- 
titute.-. 

ursp    it    must   be    understood    that  these 

1  localities  are  the  residence  of  UK-  male, 
as  well  as  the  female  street-sellers,  both  adults 
and  children. 

The   proportion    of    female   street-traders   who 
reside    in    lodging  houses  may   be  estimated  at 

i  oi  tin-  en:,  This  may  i 

a  small  proportion,  but  it  must  lie 
that  the  costermonp  •  <i<>  i  ••:  n 

txrases — so  removing  the  largest  class  of 
street-folk    from   the  calculation   of   t 
thus  accommodated — and    that    the 
pursue  street  r.h  any  rejjt. 

rally  prefer  1;  >  two  or  thr« 

.    in    a   pl.ue    of    th.  ir    own.      The  female 


516' 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  1 OOR. 


Btrest-folk  sleeping  in  lodging-houses,  and  occa- 
sionally taking  their  meals  there,  are  usually  those 
who  are  itinerant;  the  women  who  have  a  settlec 
trade,  especially  a  "  pitch,"  reside  in  preference  in 
some  "  place  of  their  own."  Of  the  number  in 
lodging-houses  one  half  may  be  regular  inmates 
some  having  a  portion  of  a  particular  room  to 
themselves ;  the  others  are  casual  sojourners, 
changing  their  night's  shelter  as  convenience 
prompts. 

Of  the  female  street-sellers  residing  in  houses 
of  ill  fame  there  are  not  many ;  perhaps  not  many 
more  than  100.  I  was  told  by  a  gentleman  whose 
connection  with  parochial  matters  enabled  him  to 
form  an  opinion,  that  about  Whitecross-street 
and  some  similar  streets  near  the  Cornwall-road, 
and  stretching  away  to  the  Blackfrfars  and 
Borough-roads — (the  locality  which  of  any  in 
London  is  perhaps  the  most  rank  with  prostitu- 
tion and  its  attendant  evils) — there  might  be  600 
of  those  wretched  women  and  of  all  ages,  from  15 
to  upwards  of  40 ;  and  that  among  them  he  believed 
there  were  barely  a  score  who  occupied  themselves 
with  street-sale.  Of  women,  and  more  especially 
of  girl,  street-sellers,  such  as  flower-girls,  those 
pursuing  immoral  courses  are  far  more  numerous 
than  100,  but  they  do  not  often  reside  in  houses 
notoriously  of  ill-tame,  but  in  their  own  rooms 
(and  too  often  with  their  parents)  and  in  low 
lodging-houses.  For  women  who  are  street-sellers, 
without  the  practice  of  prostitution,  to  reside  in  a 
house  of  ill-fame,  would  be  a  reckless  waste  of 
money  ;  as  I  am  told  that  in  so  wretched  a  street 
as  White-horse-street,  the  rent  of  a  front  kitchen 
is  is.  (M.  a  week ;  of  a  back  kitchen,  3j.  6d.;  of  a 
front  parlour,  6s. ;  and  of  a  back  parlour,  4*.  6d.  ; 
all  being  meagrely  furnished  and  very  small. 
This  is  also  accounted  one  of  the  cheapest  of  all 
such  streets.  The  rent  of  a  street-seller's  un- 
furnished room  is  generally  Is.  6d.  or  even  1*. 
a  week ;  a  furnished  room  is  3s.  or  2s.  6d. 

The  state  of  education  among  the  female  street- 
sellers  is  very  defective.  Perhaps  it  may  be 
said  that  among  the  English  costers  not  one 
female  in  twenty  can  read,  and  not  one  in 
forty  can  write.  But  they  are  fond  of  listen- 
ing to  any  one  who  reads  the  newspaper  or 
any  exciting  story.  Among  the  street-selling 
Irish,  also,  education  is  very  defective.  As  re- 
gards the  adults,  who  have  been  of  woman's 
estate  before  they  left  Ireland,  a  knowledge  of 
reading  and  writing  may  be  as  rare  as  among 
the  English  costerwomen ;  but  with  those  who 
have  come  to  this  country  sufficiently  young,  or 
have  been  bora  here,  education  is  far  more 
diffused  than  among  the  often  more  prosperous 
English  street  children.  This  is  owing  to  the 
establishment  of  late  years  of  many  Roman 
Catholic  schools,  at  charges  suited  to  the  poor,  or 
sometimes  free,  and  of  the  Irish  parents  having 
availed  themselves  (probably  on  the  recommenda- 
tion of  the  priest)  of  such  opportunities  for  the 
tuition  of  their  daughters,  which  the  English 
costers  have  neglected  to  do  with  equal  chances. 
Of  the  other  classes  whom  I  have  specified  as 
•treet-sellers,  I  believe  I  may  say  that  the  educa- 


tion of  the  females  is  about  the  average  of  that  of 
"  servants  of  all  work  "  who  have  been  brought  up 
amidst  struggles  and  poverty ;  they  can  read,  but 
with  little  appreciation  of  what  they  read,  and  have 
therefore  little  taste   for  books,  and  often   little 
leisure  even  if  they  have  taste.     As  to  writing,  a 
woman  told  me  that  at  one  time,  when  she  was  "in 
place,"and  kept  weekly  accounts,  she  had  been  com- 
plimented by  her  mistress  on  her  neat  hand,  but 
that  she  and  her  husband  (a  man   of  indifferent 
character)  had  been  street-sellers  for  seven  or  eight 
years,  and  during  all  that  time  she  had  only  one* 
had  a  pen  in  her  hand ;  this  was  a  few  weeks  back, 
in  signing  a  petition — something  about  Sundays, 
she  said — she  wrote  her  name  with  great  pain  and 
difficulty,  and  feared  that  she  had  not  even  spelled 
it  aright !     I  may  here  repeat  that  I  found  the 
uneducated  always  ready  to  attribute  their  want 
of  success  in  life  to  their  want  of  education;  while 
the  equally  poor  street-sellers,  who  were  "scholars," 
are  as  apt  to  say,  "  It 's  been  of  no  manner  of  use 
to   me."     In  all  these  matters  I  can  but  speak 
generally.     The  male  street-sellers  who  have  seen 
better  days  have  of  course  been  better  educated, 
but  the  most  intelligent  of  the  street  class  are  the 
patterers,  and  of  them  the  females  form  no  portion. 
The  diet  of  the  class  I  am  describing  is,  as  regards 
its  poorest  members,  tea  and  bread  or  bread  and 
grease ;  a  meal  composed  of  nothing  else  is  their 
fare  twice  or  thrice  a  day.     Sometimes  there  is 
the  addition  of  a  herring — or  a  plaice,  when  plaice 
are  two  a  penny — but  the  consumption  of  cheap, 
fish,  with  a  few  potatoes,  is  more  common  among 
the  poor  Irish  than  the  poor  English  female  street- 
sellers.     "  Indeed,  sir,"   said   an   elderly  woman, 
who  sold  cakes  of  blacking  and  small  wares,  "  I 
could  make  a  meal  on  fish  and  potatoes,  cheaper 
than  on  tea  and  bread  and  butter,  though  I  don't 
take  milk  with  my  tea — I  've  got  to  like  it  better 
without  milk  than  with  it — but  if  you  're  a  long 
time  on  your  legs  in  the  streets  and  get  to  your 
bit  of  a  home  for  a  cup  of  tea,  you  want  a  bit  of 
rest  over  it,  and  if  you  have  to  cook  fish  it 's  such 
a  trouble.  0,  no,  indeed,  this  time  of  year  there  '• 
no  'casion  to  light  a  fire  for  your  tea — and  tea 
'livens  you  far  more  nor  a  herring — because  there 's 
always  some  neighbour  to  give  a  poor  woman  a 
jug  of  boiling  water."     Married  women,  who  may 
carry  on  a  trade  distinct  from  that  of  their  hus- 
bands, live  as  well   as   their   earnings   and    the 
means  of  the  couple  will  permit  :  what  they  con- 
sider good  living  is  a  dinner  daily  off  "  good  block 
ornaments  "  (small  pieces  of  meat,  discoloured  and 
dirty,  but  not  tainted,  usually  set  for  sale  on  the 
butcher's  block),  tripe,  cow-heel,  beef-sausages,  or 
soup    from  a  cheap  cook-shop,  "at  2d.  a  pint." 
To  this  there  is  the  usual  accompaniment  of  beer, 
which,  in  all  populous  neighbourhoods,   is  "  3d. 
a  pot  (quart)  in  your  own  jugs."     Prom  what  I 
could  learn,  it  seems  to  me  that  an  inordinate  or 
travagant  indulgence  of  the  palate,  under  any 
circumstances,    is   far    less   common    among   the 
'emale  than  the  male  street-sellers. 

During  the  summer  and  the  fine  months  of  the 
pring  and  autumn,  there  are,  I  am  assured,  one-third 
of  the  London  street-sellers — male  and  female — 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


M7 


"tramping"  the  country.  At  Maidstone  Fair  the 
other  day,  I  was  told  by  an  intelligent  itinerant 
dealer,  there  were  300  women,  all  of  whose  faces 
be  believed  he  had  seen  at  one  time  or  other  in 
London.  The  Irish,  however,  tramp  very  little 
into  the  country  for  purposes  of  trade,  but  they 
travel  in  great  numbers  from  one  place  to  another 
for  purposes  of  mendicancy ;  or,  if  they  have  a 
desire  to  emigrate,  they  will  tramp  from  London 
to  Liverpool,  literally  begging  their  way,  no 
matter  whether  they  have  or  have  not  any  money. 
The  female  street  tellers  are  thus  a  fluctuating 
body. 

The  beggars  among  the  women  who  profess  to 
be  street-traders  are  chiefly  Irishwomen,  some  of 
whom,  though  otherwise  well-conducted,  sober 
and  chaste,  beg  shamelessly  and  with  any  menda- 
cious representation.  It  is  remarkable  enough, 
too,  that  of  the  Irishwomen  who  will  thus  beg, 
many  if  employed  in  any  agricultural  work,  or 
in  the  rougher  household  labours,  such  as  scour- 
ing or  washing,  will  work  exceedingly  hard.  To 
any  feeling  of  self-respect  or  self-dependence,  how- 
ever, they  seem  dead ;  their  great  merit  is  their 
chastity,  their  great  shame  their  lying  and  men- 
dicancy. 

The  female  street-sellers  are  again  a  fluctuating 
body,  as  in  the  summer  and  autumn  months.  A 
large  proportion  go  off  to  work  in  market-gardens, 
in  the  gathering  of  peas,  beans,  and  the  several 
fruits;  in  weeding,  in  hay-making,  in  the  corn- 
harvest  (when  they  will  endeavour  to  obtain  leave 
to  glean  if  they  are  unemployed  more  profitably), 
and  afterwards  in  the  hopping.  The  women,  how- 
Mis  seeking  change  of  employment,  are  the 
ruder  street-sellers,  those  who  merely  buy  oranges 
at  id.  to  sell  at  ML,  and  who  do  not  meddle  with 
any  calling  mixed  up  with  the  necessity  of  skill 
in  selection,  or  address  in  recommending.  Of 
this  half-vagrant  class,  many  are  not  street-sellers 
usually,  but  are  half  prostitutes  and  half  thieves, 
not  unfrequently  drinking  all  their  earnings,  while 
of  the  habitual  female  street  sellers,  I  do  not  think 
that  drunkenness  is  now  a  very  prevalent  vice, 
••arnings  are  small,  and  if  they  become 
h.ibituated  to  an  indulgence  in  drink,  their  means 
are  soon  dissipated;  in  which  case  they  are  unable 
:n  stock-money,  and  they  cease  to  be  street- 
sellers. 

If  I  may  venture  upon  an  estimation,  I  should 
•ay  that  the  women  engaged  in  street  sale — 
wives,  widows,  and  single  persons — number  from 
25,000  to  30,000,  and  that  their  average  earnings 
run  from  2t.6d.lo  4$.  a  week. 

I  shall  now  proceed  to  give  the  histories  of 
individuals  belonging  to  each  of  the  above  class  of 
•fa*9\f  street-sellers,  with  the  view  of  illustrating 
what  has  been  said  respecting  them  generally. 

Or  A  SIKOLK  WOMAN,  AS  A  STREET-SELLER. 
I   BAD  some  difficulty,  for   the  reasons   I  bare 
suited,   in   finding  a  single  woman  who,  by  her 
•naided   industry,  supported  herself  on   the  sale 
of    street  merchandise.     There   were   plenty   of 

voung  women  so  engaged,  but  thc\ 
•r  lodged,  with  their  parent*  or  with  one  parent. 


|  or  they  had  some  support,  howtver  trifling,  from 
i  some  quarter  or  other.      Among  the  street  sellers 
I    could    have    obtained    statements   from   many 
single  women  who  depended  on  their  daily  sale 
for  their  daily  bread,  but  I  have  already  given 
;  instances  of  their  street  life.     One  Irishwoman, 
1  a  spinster   of  about    50,  for  I    had    some   con- 
]  versation    with    her   in   the   course  of  a  former 
i  inquiry,  had  supported  herself  alone,   by  street 
sale,  for  many  years.     She  sat,  literally  packed  in 
a  sort  of  hamper-basket,  at  the  corner  of  Charles- 
street,  Leather-lane.     She  seemed  to   fit   herself 
cross-legged,  like  a  Turk,  or  a  tailor  on  his  shop- 
board,  into  her  hamper ;  her  fruit  stall  was  close 
by  her,  and  there  she  seemed  to  doze  away  life 
day  by  day — for  she  usually  appeared  to  be  wrapped 
in  slumber.    If  anyone  approached  her  stall,  how- 
ever, she  seemed  to  awake,  as  it  were,  mechanically. 
I  have  missed  this  poor  woman  of  late,  and  I 
believe  she  only  packed   herself  up  in  the  way 
described  when  the  weather  was  cold. 

A  woman  of  about  26  or  27 — I  may  again 
remark  that  the  regular  street-sellers  rarely  know 
their  age — made  the  following  statement.  She  was 
spare  and  sickly  looking,  but  said  that  her  health 
was  tolerably  good. 

"  I  used  to  mind  my  mother's  stall,"  she  stated, 
"  when  I  was  a  girl,  when  mother  wasn't  well  or 
had  a  little  work  at  pea-shelling  or  such  like.  She 
sold  sweet-stuff.  No,  she  didn't  make  it,  but 
bought  it.  I  never  cared  for  it,  and  when  I  was 

?uite  young  I  've  sold  sweet-stuffs  as  I  never  tasted, 
never  had  a  father.  I  can't  read  or  write,  but 
I  like  to  hear  people  read.  I  go  to  Zion  Chapel 
sometimes  of  a  Sunday  night,  the  singing 's  so  nice. 
I  don't  know  what  religion  you  may  call  it  of,  but 
it 's  a  Zion  Chapel.  Mother 's  been  dead  these — 
well  I  don't  know  how  long,  but  it 's  a  long  time. 
I  've  lived  by  myself  ever  since,  and  kept  myself, 
and  I  have  half  a  room  with  another  young  woman 
who  lives  by  making  little  boxes.  I  don't  know 
what  sort  of  boxes.  Pill-boxes  ?  Very  likely,  sir, 
but  I  can't  say  I  ever  saw  any.  She  goes  out  to 
work  on  another  box-maker's  premises.  She 's  no 
better  off  nor  me.  We  pays  1*.  6<2.  a- week 
between  UK  ;  it 's  my  bed,  and  the  other  sticks  is 
her'n.  We  'gree  well  enough.  I  haven't  sold 
sweet  stuff  for  a  great  bit.  I  've  sold  small 
wares  in-  the  streets,  and  artificials  (artificial 
flowers),  and  lace,  and  penny  dolls,  and  penny 
boxes  (of  toys).  No.  I  never  hear  anything 
improper  from  young  men.  Boys  has  sometimes 
said,  when  I  've  been  selling  sweets,  '  Don't  look 
so  hard  at  Yin,  or  they  'II  turn  ..our.'  I 
minded  such  nonsense.  I  has  very  few  am  use- 
menu.  I  goes  once  or  twice  a  month,  or  so,  to 
the  gallery  at  the  Wick  (Victoria  Theatre  . 
live  near.  It  '•  beautiful  there.  O,  it  '•  really 
grand.  I  don't  know  what  they  call  what'*  played, 
because  I  cant  read  the  bill.. 

"  I  hear  what  they  're  called,  hut  I  forgets.     I 
knows  Miss  Vincent  and  John  Uerbcr 
come  on.      I  likes  them  the  beat.     I'm  n 
to  leave  the  street*.     I  have  an  aunt  a  laundroM, 
because  the  WM  mother's  sister,  nnd   I   always 
her«  and  the  taught  me  laundressing.     1 


518 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


work  for  her  three  and  sometimes  four  days  a- week 
now,  because  she's  lost  her  daughter  Ann,  and 
I  'm  known  as  a  good  ironer.  Another  laundress 
will  employ  me  next  week,  so  I  'm  dropping  the 
streets,  as  I  can  do  far  better.  I  'm  not  likely  to 
be  married  and  I  don't  want  to." 

OF  A  MECHANIC'S  WIFE,  AS  A  STREET-SELLEK. 
A  MiDDLE-aged  woman,  presenting  what  may 
be  best  understood  as  a  decency  of  appearance, 
for  there  was  nothing  remarkable  in  her  face  or 
dress,  gave  me  the  following  account  of  her  expe- 
rience as  a  street-seller,  and  of  her  feelings  when 
she  first  became  one  : — 

"  I  went  into  service  very  young  in  the  coun- 
try," she  said,  "  but  mistress  brought  me  up  to 
London  with  her,  where  master  had  got  a  situa- 
tion :  the  children  was  so  fond  of  me.  I  saved  a 
little  money  in  that  and  other  places  as  girls  often 
does,  and  they  seems  not  to  save  it  so  much  for 
themselves  as  for  others.  Father  got  the  first  bit 
of  money  I  saved,  or  he  would  have  been  seized 
for  rent — he  was  only  a  working  man  (agricultu- 
ral labourer) — and  all  the  rest  I  scraped  went 
before  I'd  been  married  a  fortnight,  for  I  got 
married  when  I  was  24.  0  no,  indeed,  I 
don't  mean  that  my  money  was  wasted  by  my 
husband.  It  was  every  farthing  laid  out  in  the 
house,  besides  what  he  had,  for  we  took  a  small 
house  in  a  little  street  near  the  Commercial-road, 
and  let  out  furnished  rooms.  We  did  very  well 
at  first  with  lodgings,  but  the  lodgers  were  mates 
of  vessels,  or  people  about  the  river  and  the  docks, 
and  they  were  always  coming  and  going,  and  the 
rooms  was  often  empty,  and  some  went  away  in 
debt.  My  husband  is  a  smith,  and  was  in  mid- 
dling work  for  a  good  while.  Then  he  got  a  job 
to  go  with  some  horses  to  France,  for  he  can  groom 
a  horse  as  well  as  shoe  it,  and  he  was  a  long  time 
away,  three  or  four  months,  for  he  was  sent  into 
another  country  when  he  got  to  France,  but  I 
don't  understand  the  particulars  of  it.  The  rooms 
was  empty  and  the  last  lodger  went  away  without 
paying,  and  I  had  nothing  to  meet  the  quarter's 
rent,  and  the  landlord,  all  of  a  sudden  almost,  put 
in  the  brokers,  for  he  said  my  husband  would 
never  come  back,  and  perhaps  I  should  be  selling 
the  furniture  and  be  off  to  join  him,  for  he 
told  me  it  was  all  a  planned  thing  he  knew. 
And  so  the  furniture  was  sold  for  next  to 
nothing,  and  ]/.  6s.  was  given  to  me  after 
the  sale;  I  suppose  that  was  over  when  all  was 
paid,  but  I'd  been  forced  to  part  with  some 
linen  and  things  to  live  upon  and  pay  the  rates, 
that  came  very  heavy.  My  husband  came  back 
to  an  empty  house  three  days  after,  and  he  'd  been 
unlucky,  for  he  brought  home  only  4£.  instead  of 
101.  at  "least,  as  he  expected,  but  he  'd  been  cheated 
by  the  man  he  went  into  the  other  country  with. 
Yes,  the  man  that  cheated  him  was  an  Englishman, 
and  my  poor  John  was  put  to  great  trouble  and  ex- 
pense, and  was  in  a  strange  place  without  know- 
ing a  word  of  the  language.  But  the  foreigners 
was  very  kind  to  him,  he  said,  and  didn't  laugh 
at  him  when  he  tried  to  make  hisself  understood, 
as  I  've  s«en  people  do  here  many  a  time.  The 


landlord  gave  us  II.  to  give  up  the  house,  as  h« 
had  a  good  offer  for  it,  and  so  we  had  to  start 
again  in  the  world  like. 

11  Our  money  was  almost  all  gone  before  John 
got  regular  work,  tho'  he  had  some  odd  jobs,  and 
then  he  had  for  a  good  many  months  the  care  ot 
a  horse  and  cart  for  a  tradesman  in  the  City. 
Shortly  after  that  he  was  laid  up  a  week  with  a 
crushed  leg,  but  his  master  wouldn't  wait  a  week 
for  him,  so  he  hired  another  :  '  I  have  nothing  to 
say  against  John,'  says  he,  when  I  told  his  master 
of  the  accident, '  and  I  'm  sorry,  very  sorry,  but  my 
business  can't  be  hindered  by  waiting  for  people 
getting  better  of  accidents.'  John  got  work  at  his 
own  business  next,  but  there  was  always  some 
stopper.  He  was  ill,  or  I  was  ill,  and  if  there  was 
10s.  in  the  house,  then  it  went  and  wasn't  enough. 
And  so  we  went  on  for  a  good  many  years,  I  don't 
know  how  many.  John  kept  working  among 
horses  and  carts,  or  at  his  own  business,  but  what 
with  travelling  abroad,  I  suppose,  and  such  like, 
he  got  to  like  best  to  be  in  the  streets,  and  he  has 
his  health  best  that  way."  (The  husband,  it  is 
evident,  was  afflicted  with  the  restlessness  of  the 
tribe.)  "  About  seven  years  ago  we  were  very 
badly  off — no  work,  and  no  money,  and  neither  of 
of  us  well.  Then  I  used  to  make  a  few  women's 
plain  night-caps  and  plain  morning  caps  for  servants, 
and  sell  them  to  a  shopkeeper,  but  latterly  I  couldn't 
sell  them  at  all,  or  get  no  more  than  the  stuff  cost 
me,  without  any  profit  for  labour.  So  at  last— 
and  it  was  on  a  Friday  evening  of  all  unlucky 
times — my  gold  wedding-ring  that  cost  8s.  6d., 
and  that  I  'd  stuck  to  all  along,  had  to  be  pawned 
for  4s.  6d.  for  rent  and  bread.  That  was  a  shock- 
ing time,  sir.  We  've  sat  in  the  dark  of  an  even- 
ing, for  we  could  get  neither  coals  nor  a  candle  as 
we  was  a  little  in  debt,  and  John  said,  it  was  a 
blessing  after  all  perhaps  that  we  hadn't  no  family, 
for  he  often,  both  joking  and  serious,  wished  for 
children,  but  it  wasn't  God's  will  you  see  that  we 
should  have  any.  One  morning  when  I  woke  very 
early  I  found  my  husband  just  going  out,  and  when 
I  asked  him  what  sent  him  out  so  soon,  he  says : 
'  It's  for  nothing  bad,  so  don't  fret  yourself,  old 
gal.'  That  day  he  walked  all  over  London  and 
called  on  all  the  masters  as  had  employed  him,  or 
knowed  him,  and  told  them  how  he  was  situated, 
and  said  that  if  he  could  borrow  20s.  up  and  down, 
he  could  do  a  little,  he  knew — the  thought  of 
it  came  into  his  mind  all  of  a  sudden — in  going 
about  with  a  horse  and  cart,  that  he  could  hire, 
and  sell  coals  to  poor  people.  He  raised  8s.  6d.t 
I  think  it  was,  and  started  with  a  quarter  of  a 
ton  of  coals,  and  then  another  quarter  when  the 
first  was  sold,  and  he  carried  it  on  for  three  or 
four  weeks.  But  the  hire  of  the  horse  and  cart 
took  all  the  profit,  and  the  poor  people  wanted 
credit,  besides  people  must  cheat  to  thrive  as  sells 
coals  in  the  street.  All  this  time  I  could  do  nothing 
— though  I  tried  for  washing  and  charing,  but  I  'm 
slow  at  washing — but  starve  at  home,  and  b*  afraid 
every  knock  was  the  landlord.  After  that  John 
was  employed  to  carry  a  very  heavy  board  over 
his  shoulder,  and  so  as  to  have  it  read  on  both 
•ides.  It  was  about  an  eating-house,  and  I  weul 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


519 


Mil    LONDON  DUSTMAN. 

"DwtHolf    Do*  Hoi  r 
(fnm  a  fkUopnpk.} 


No.  34. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


521 


with  him  to  give  little  bills  about  it  to  all  we  met, 
for  it  was  as  much  as  a  man  could  do  to  carry  the 
board.  He  had  Is.  a  day,  and  I  had  6rf.  That 
was  my  first  time  in  the  streets  and  I  felt  so 
'shamed  to  come  to  that.  I  thought  if  I  met  any 
people  I  knew  in  Essex,  or  any  of  my  old  mis- 
tresses, what  would  they  think.  Then  we  had 
all  sorts  of  jokes  to  stand.  We  both  looked 
pinched,  and  young  gents  used  to  say,  '  Do  you 
dine  there  yourselves!'  and  the  boys — 0,  of  all 
the  torments  ! — they  've  shouted  out,  '  Excellent 
Dinin_r-rooms'  that  was  on  the  board,  sir,  'and 
two  jolly  specimens  of  the  style  of  grub  !'  I 
could  have  knocked  their  saucy  heads  together. 
We  was  resting  in  the  shade  one  day — and  we 
were  anxious  to  do  our  best,  for  Is.  6d.  a  day  was 
a  great  thing  then — and  an  old  gentleman  came  up 
and  said  he  was  glad  to  get  out  of  the  sun.  He 
looked  like  a  parson,  but  was  a  joky  man,  and 
he'd  been  having  some  wine,  I  think,  he  smelled 
of  it  so.  He  began  to  talk  to  us  and  ask  us 
questions,  such  as  you  have,  sir,  and  we  told  him 
how  we  was  situated.  '  God  bless  you,'  says  he, 
'for  I  think  you're  honest  folks.  People  that  lie 
don't  talk  like  you;  here's  some  loose  silver  I 
have,'  and  he  gave  John  5*.  Qd.  and  went  away. 
We  could  hardly  think  it  was  real ;  it  seemed  such 
a  lot  of  money  just  then,  to  be  got  clear  all  at  once. 
I  've  never  seen  him  since,  and  never  saw  him,  as 
I  knows  of,  before,  but  may  God  Almighty  bless 
him  wherever  he  is,  for  I  think  that  5s.  6d. 
put  new  life  into  us,  and  brought  a  blessing.  A 
relation  of  John's  came  to  London  not  long  after 
and  gave  him  a  sovereign  and  sent  him  some  old 
clothes,  and  very  good  ones,  when  he  went  back. 
Then  John  hired  a  barrow — it's  his  own  now — 
and  started  as  a  costermonger.  A  neighbour  of 
ourn  told  him  how  to  do  it,  and  he's  done  very 
well  at  it  since. 

11,  you  know,  sir,  I  could'nt  like  to  stay  at 
home  by  myself  doing  of  a  nothing,  and  I  couldn't 
get  any  charing  ;  besides  John  says,  '  Why,  can't 
you  sell  something]'  So  I  made  some  plain 
women's  caps,  and  as  we  lived  in  Ann's-place, 

"O-road,  then,  I  went  into  the  New  Cut 
with  them  on  a  Saturday  night.  But  there  was 
•uch  crowding,  and  shoving,  and  shouting,  that 
I  was  kept  under  and  sold  only  one  cap.  I 
was  very  much  nervoused  before  I  went  and 
thought  again — it  was  very  foolish,  I  know — 

aw  anybody  from  Essex,'  for  country  people 
•MB  to  think  all  their  friends  in  L<»inlon  are 
making  fort  r««  I  w.-nt  my  landlady 

treat  me  to  a  little  drop  of  gin  to  give  me 
id  '  for  luck,'  but  I  think  it  made  me 
•ore  nervoused.  I  very  seldom  taste  any.  And 
John's  very  good  that  way.  He  takes  hii  pint  or 
two  every  now  and  then,  but  I  know  when  he 
uses,  and  if  it  gets  late  I  go  for  him  and  he  comes 
linoM.  The  next  time  I  went  to  sell  in  the  Cut 

-Id,  for  I  knew  I  was  doing  nothing  bat 
what  was  honest ;  I  've  sold  caps,  and  millinery, 
and  lactt,  and  artificial  flowers,  and  such  like  ever 
•  •  •  '\e  saved  a  little  money  now,  u 

in  the  bank,  thank  Qod.  but  that 's  not  done  by 
•ottering,  or  by  my  trade.  But  »y  husband  buys 


a  poney  erery  now  and  then,  and  grooms  and 
fattens  it  up  well,  and  makes  it  quite  another 
thine,  and  so  clears  a  pound  or  two  ;  he  once 
cleared  3/.  15*.  on  it.  We  don't  go  to  church  or 
rha|>ol  on  a  Sunday,  we  're  so  tired  out  after  the 
week's  work.  But  John  reads  a  tract  that  a  young 
lady  leaves  'till  he  falls  asleep  over  it" 

OP  A3  IRISHWOMAN,  AS  A  STREET  SELLEB. 
I  HATE  before  had  occasion  to  remark  the  aptitude 
of  the  poor  Irish  in  the  streets  of  London  not  so 
much  to  lie,  which  may  be  too  harsh  a  word  when 
motives  and  idiosyncrasy  are  considered,  but  to 
exaggerate,  and  misrepresent,  and  colour  in  such 
a  way  that  the  truth  becomes  a  mere  incident  in 
the  narrative,  instead  of  being  the  animating 
principle  throughout  I  speak  here  not  as  regards 
any  direct  question  or  answer  on  one  specific 
point,  but  as  regards  a  connected  statement.  Pre- 
suming that  a  poor  Irishwoman,  for  instance,  had 
saved  up  a  few  shillings,  very  likely  for  some 
laii' table  purpose,  and  had  them  hidden  about  her 
person,  and  was  asked  if  she  had  a  farthing  in 
the  world,  she  would  reply  with  a  look  of  most 
stolid  innocence,  "  Sorra  a  fardin,  sir."  This  of 
course  is  an  unmitigated  lie.  Then  ask  her  ic/uj 
she  is  so  poor  and  what  are  her  hopes  for  the 
future,  and  a  very  slender  substratum  of  truth 
will  suffice  for  the  putting  together  of  a  very 
ingenious  history,  if  she  think  the  occasion  re- 
quires it. 

It  is  the  same  when  these  poor  persons  are 
questioned  as  to  their  former  life.  They  have 
heard  of  societies  to  promote  emigration,  and  if 
they  fancy  that  any  inquiries  are  made  of  them 
with  a  view  to  emigration,  they  will  ingeniously 
shape  their  replies  so  as  to  promote  or  divert  that 
object,  according  to  their  wishes.  If  they  think 
the  inquiries  are  for  some  charitable  purpose,  their 
tale  of  woe  and  starvation  is  heart-rending.  The 
probability  is  that  they  may  have  suffered  much, 
and  long,  and  bravely,  but  they  will  still  exag- 
gerate. In  one  thing,  however,  I  have  found 
them  understate  the  fact,  and  that  I  believe  prin- 
cipally, or  wholly,  when  they  had  been  previously 
used  to  the  most  wretched  of  the  Irish  hovels.  I 
mean  as  to  their  rooms.  "Where  do  you  li\e." 
may  be  asked.  "  Will,  thin,  in  Paraker-street 
(Parker-street)  Derwry-lane  1 "  "  Have  \ 

room]"  "  Shuro,  thin,  and  it  is  dacint 
for  a  poor  woman."  On  a  visit,  perhaps  the 
room  will  be  found  smoky,  filthy,  hall-ruinous, 
and  wretched  in  every  respect.  I  believe,  how- 
ever,  that  if  these  poor  people  could  be  mad* 
to  comprehend  the  motives  which  caused  their 
being  questioned  for  the  purposes  of  this  work, 
th«  tnMsditko  of  the  truth — motives  which  they 
cannot  be  made  to  understand — they  would  speak 
with  a  far  greater  regard  to  veracity,  lint  they 

7  Kiupect  an   ulterior  object,   invoKm^  some 
on  the  part  of  the  qoeritt,  and  t) 
M    r      .  v       To   what  causes,  social  or 
V,  national,  long-rooted, 
ay  be  owing,  it  is  not  now  my  business  U 

At  the  outset  of  my  inquiries  amoigst  ths  ^oof 

•J   * 


speak 


522 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Irish,  whose  civility  and  often  native  politeness, 
where  there  is  a  better  degree  of  intelligence, 
makes  it  almost  impjssible  to  be  angry  with  them 
even  when  you  listen  to  a  story  of  which  you 
believe  not  one-sixth — at  the  outset  of  my  inquiries, 
I  say,  I  was  told  by  an  Irish  gentleman  that  I 
was  sure  to  hear  the  truth  if  I  had  authority  to 
use  the  name  of  their  priest.  I  readily  obtained 
the  consent  of  reverend  gentlemen  to  use  their 
names  and  for  any  purpose  of  inquiry,  a  courtesy 
which  I  thankfully  acknowledge.  I  mention  this 
more  especially,  that  it  ma)'  not  be  thought  that 
there  has  been  exaggeration  in  my  foregoing  or  in 
the  following  statement,  where  the  Irish  are  the 
narrators.  I  have  little  doubt  of  their  truth. 

It  may  be  but  proper  to  remark,  in  order  that 
»ne  class  of  poor  people  may  not  be  unduly  depre- 
cin/.ii,  while  another  class  is,  perhaps,  unduly  ap- 
preciated, that  the  poor  Irishman  is  much  more 
illuminative,  is  readier  of  wit  and  far  readier  of 
speech,  than  an  Englishman  cf  a  corresponding 
•_•  rail.- ;  ami  were  the  untaught  Englishman 
equally  gifted  in  those  respects,  who  will  avouch 
tiiat  Ids  regard  for  the  truth  would  be  much  more 
severe? 

Of  the  causes  which  induced  a  good-looking 
Irish  woman  to  become  a  street-seller  I  had  the 
following  account,  which  I  give  in  its  curious 
details: — 

"  'Deed  thin,  sir,  it's  more  than  20  long  years 
since  I  came  from  Dublin  to  Liverpool  wid  my 
f.ither  and  mother,  and  brother  William  that's 
dead  and  gone,  rest  his  soul.  He  died  when  he 
was  fourteen.  They  was  masons  in  Ireland. 
Was  both  father  and  mother  masons,  sir?  Well, 
then,  in  any  quiet  job  mother  helped  father,  for 
she  was  a  strong  woman.  They  came  away 
Midden.  They  was  in  some  thrubble,  but  I  never 
knew  what,  for  they  wouldn't  talk  to  me  about  it. 
We  thra veiled  from  Liverpool  to  London,  for  there 
was  no  worruk  at  Liverpool ;  and  he  got  worruk 
on  buildings  in  London,  and  had  1S>-.  a  week  ;  and 
mother  cleaned  and  worruked  fora  greengrocer,  as 
they  called  him — he  sold  coals  more  than  any- 
thing— where  we  lodged,  and  it  wasn't  much,  she 
got,  but  she  aimed  what  is  such  a  thrubble  to 
poor  people,  the  rint.  We  was  well  off,  and 
I  was  sent  to  school;  and  we  should  have  been 
better  off,  but  father  took  too  much  to  the  dhrop, 
(iod  save  him.  He  fell  onste  and  broke  his  leg; 
and  though  the  hospital  gintlemen,  God  bless  them 
for  good  Christians,  got  him  through  it,  he  got 
little  worruk  when  he  came  out  again,  and  died  in 
less  than  a  year.  Mother  wasn't  long  afther 
him ;  and  on  her  death-bed  she  said,  so  low  I 
could  hardly  hear  her,  '  Mary,  my  darlint,  it 
you  starruve,  be  vartuous.  Rimimber  poor  Illen's 
funeral.'  When  I  was  quite  a  child,  sir,  I  went 
wid  mother  to  a  funeral — she  was  a  relation — and 
it  was  of  a  young  woman  that  died  after  her  child 
had  been  borrun  a  fortnight,  and  she  wasn't  mar- 
ried ;  that  was  I  lien.  Her  body  was  brought  out 
of  the  lying-in  hospital — I 've  often  heard  spake 
of  it  since — and  was  in  the  churchyard  to  be 
bxined  ;  and  her  brother,  that  hadn't  seen  her  for 
*  long  time,  came  and  wanted  to  see  her  in  her 


coffin,  and  they  took  the  lid  off,  and  then  ba 
currused  her  in  her  coftin  aftre  him;  she'd  been  so 
wicked.  But  he  wasn't  a  good  man  hisself,  and 
was  in  d brink  too;  still  nobody  said  anything,  and 
he  walked  away.  It  made  rue  ill  to  see  Illen  in 
her  coffin,  and  hear  him  curruse,  and  I  've  reinim- 
bered  it  ever  since. 

"  I  was  thin  fifteen,  I  believe,  and  hadn't  any 
friends  thcit  had  any  tie  to  me.  I  was  lone,  sir. 
But  the  neebours  said,  '  Poor  thing,  she  's  left  on 
the  shuckrawn"  (homeless)  ;  and  they  helped  me, 
and  I  got  a  place.  Mistress  was  very  kind  at 
first,  that 's  my  first  mistress  was,  and  1  had  the 
care  of  a  child  of  three  years  old;  they  had  only 
one,  because  mistress  was  busy  making  waistcoats. 
Master  was  a  hatter,  and  away  all  day,  and  they 
was  well  off.  But  some  women  called  on  mistress 
once,  and  they  had  a  deal  of  talkin',  and  bla- 
dheriu',  and  Inughin',  and  I  don't  know  how 
often  1  was  sent  out  for  quarterns  of  gin.  Then 
they  all  went  out  together ;  ami  mistress  came 
home  quite  tipsy  just  afore  master,  and  went  up- 
stairs, and  had  just  time  to  get  into  bed  ;  she 
told  me  to  tell  master  she  had  one  of  her  sick 
head-aches  and  WHS  forced  to  go  to  bed  ;  she 
went  on  that  way  for  three  or  four  days,  and 
master  and  she  used  to  quarrel  of  a  night,  for  I 
could  hear  them.  One  night  he  tame  home 
sooner  than  common,  and  he  'd  been  drinking,  or 
perhaps  it  might  he  thrubble,  and  he  sent  me  to 
bed  wid  the  child  ;  and  sometime  in  the  night.  I 
don't  know  what  time,  but  I  could  only  see  from 
a  gas-lamp  that  sliined  into  the  room,  he  came 
in,  for  there  was  no  fa-tenin'  inside  the  door,  it 
was  only  like  a  closet,  and  he  lie^an  to  ask  me 
about  mistress.  Wnen  he  larncd  she'd  been 
drinking  wid  other  women,  he  used  dreadful  lan- 
guage, and  pulled  me  out  of  bed,  and  struck  me 
with  a  stick  that  he  snatched  up,  he  could  see  it 
in  the  gas-light,  it  was  little  Frank's  horse,  and 
swore  at  me  for  not  telling  him  afore.  He  only 
struck  me  onste,  but  I  screamed  ever  so  often,  I 
was  so  frightened.  I  dressed  myself,  and  lay 
down  in  my  clothes,  and  got  up  as  soon  as  it 
was  light — it  was  summer  time — and  thought  I 
would  go  away  and  complain  to  some  one.  I 
would  ask  the  neebours  who  to  complain  to. 
When  I  was  going  out  there  was  master  walk- 
ing up  and  down  the  kitchen.  He'd  never 
been  to  bed,  and  he  says,  says  he,  '  Mary, 
where  are  you  going1?'  So  I  told  him,  and  he 
begged  my  pardon,  and  said  he  was  ashamed  of 
what  he  'd  done,  but  he  was  half  mad  ;  then  he 
began  to  cry,  and  so  I  cried,  and  mistress  came 
home  just  then,  and  when  she  saw  us  both  crying 
together,  she  cried,  and  said  she  wasn't  wanted,  as 
we  was  man  and  wife  already.  Master  just  gave 
her  a  push  and  down  she  fell,  and  he  ran  <;nt. 
She  seemed  so  bad,  and  the  child  began  to  cry, 
that  I  couldn't  lave  thin  ;  and  master  came  home 
drunk  that  night,  but  he  wasn't  cross,  for  he  'd 
made  out  that  mistress  had  been  drinking  with 
some  neebours,  and  had  got  to  her  mother's,  ;md 
that  she  was  so  tipsy  she  fell  asleep,  they  It  her 
stay  till  morning,  and  then  some  woman  »et  her 
home,  but  she  'd  been  there  all  night.  They  made 


y  LABOUR  A  XI)  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


523 


it  up  at  last,  but  I  wouldn't  stay.  They  was  very 
kind  to  me  when  I  left,  and  paid  me  all  that  was 
owing,  and  pave  me  a  good  pair  of  shoes,  too;  for 
they  was  well  off. 

"  I  had  a  many  places  for  seven  years ;  after 
that,  and  when  I  was  out  of  a  place,  I  stayed  wid 
a  widder,  and  a  very  dacint  woman,  she  was  wid 
a  daughter  working  for  a  liookbinder,  and  the  old 
woman  had  a  good  pitch  with  fruit.  Some  of  my 
places  was  very  harrud,  but  shure,  again,  I  met 
some  as  was  very  kind.  1  left  one  because  they 
was  always  wanting  me  to  go  to  a  Methodist 
chapel,  and  was  always  running  down  my  religion, 
and  did  all  they  could  to  hinder  my  ever  going 

-s.  They  would  hardly  pay  me  when  I 
left,  because  I  wouldn't  listen  to  them,  tin 
— the  haythens  ! — when  they  would  have  saved 
my  soul.  They  save  my  soul,  indeed!  The  likes 
o'  thim  !  Ye>,  indeed,  thin,  I  had  wicked  offers 
sometimes,  and  from  matters  that  should  have 
kni.wn  better.  I  kept  no  company  wid  young 
men.  One  mistress  refused  me  a  kanukt-  r,  be- 

I    was    so    unhandy,    she    said ;    but   she 

thought    better   of  it.     At   last,   I  had   a   faver 

t   expected    for    long    (not  ex- 

to  live) ;  when  I  was  getting  well,  every- 

wenl    to    keep    me.       What   wasn't   good 

enough  for  the   pawn   went  to   the  dolly  (dolly- 

ir  ami  bottle  shop,  or  a  marine 

When  I  could  get  about,  I  was  so  shabby, 

and  my  clothes  hung  about  me  so,  that  the  shops 

:  to  said,  '  Very  sorry,  but  can't  recommend 
you  anywhere;'  and  mi.-tresses  looked  strange 
at  me,  and  I  didn't  know  what  to  do  and  was 
miserable.  I  'd  been  miserable  sometimes  in 

and   had  many  a  cry,   and   thought   how 

I  was,  but  1  never  was  so  miserable  as 
this.  At  last,  the  old  wom.ui  I  stayed  along  wid 
— < '.  yes,  she  was  an  Irishwoman — advised  me 
to  till  fruit  in  the  streets,  and  I  began  on  straw- 
berries, and  borrowed  "2x.  Gd.  to  do  it  wid.  I  had 
my  hi.:  m  ever  thin;  and  after  I  'd  sold 

fruit  of  all  kinds  for  two  years,  1  got  married.  My 
hutband  had  a  potato  can  thin.  I  knew  him  lie- 
cause  he  lived  near,  and  I  saw  him  go  in  and  out, 
and  go  to  mass.  After  that  he  got  a  porter's  place 

•pped  his  can,  and  he  porters  when  1 
rhlirrf  still,  and  hat  a  little  work  in  sewing  sacks 
.n:«.  Whin  he's  at  home  at 
hi*  sacks,  as  he  is  now,  he  can  mind  the  chiKlien 
—-we  have  two — and  I  sells  a  few  oranges  to 
make  *  thrifle.  V  s  nothing  ilse  for 

turn  to  do,  he  sills  fruit  in  the  sthreets,  and  thin 
I  m  at  home.  We  do  middlin,  God  be  praised." 

There  is  no  doul  :  :  ua.nl  was  a  modest, 

and,  in  her  way,  a  worthy  woman.     But 
b*  dombted  if  any  English  girl,  after  seven  years 

•  utic  service,  would  have  sn  readily  adapted 

sh  girl 

among,  and  used  to  the  s« 
women     who     supported 

•  pugnance  to  such  a  lit' 

•  *sened;  but  evrn    thru,   I    doubt 

- 
oy  my  Iri»h   informant.  <  -u  i   have  nuidr  • 

r  by  sellin.'  •  nut  mean 


that  she  would  rather  have  fallen  into  immoral 
courses  than  honestly  live  upon  the  sale  of  straw 
berries,  but  that  she  would  have  struggled  on  and 
striven  to  obtain  any  domestic  labour  in  preference 
to  a  street  occupation. 

OP  A  WIDOW,  A  STREET-SELLER. 
A  WOMAN,  apparently  about  50,  strong-built 
and  red-faced,  speaking  in  a  loud  tone,  and  what 
people  of  her  class  account  a  hearty  manner,  pave 
me  the  following  account.  I  can  readily  cnndeiiM! 
it,  for  in  her  street  career  there  there  was  nothing 
very  novel.  She  was  the  daughter  of  a  coster- 
monger,  and  she  married  a  costermonger  before 
she  was  20.  On  my  hinting  that  sometimes 
the  marriage  ceremony  was  not  considered  indis- 
pensable, the  good  woman  laughed  and  said, 
"  married,  or  as  good,  it's  hall  as  one — but  we 
was  married."  The  marriage  was  not  one  of  unal- 
loyed happiness,  for  the  couple  often  wrangled 
and  occasionally  fought.  This  was  told  to  me 
with  some  laughter,  and  with  perfect  good  humour ; 
for  the  widow  seemed  interested  to  have  * 
listener.  She  did  not,  I  feel  confident,  exaggerate 
the  merits  of  the  deceased,  n<>r,  perhaps,  his  fail- 
ings. He  was  the  best  judge  offish  in  the  streets, 
she  said,  and  was  the  neatest  hand  in  cutting  it  up, 
or  showing  it  off;  he  was  not  "a  bad  sort," 
and  was  very  fond  of  his  children.  When  sober 
and  at  work  he  was  a  quiet  fellow,  without  a 
cross  word  for  a  whole  morning,  but  when  drunk, 
which  was  far  too  often  (unless  very  drunk,  and 
then  he  was  silly),  he  went  about  tearing  and 
swearing  "like  one  o'clock."  But  if  he  saw  his 
wife  take  but  a  glass  or  two,  to  do  her  good,  he 
went  on  like  a  madman,  and  as  if  he  never 
touched  it  himself.  He  never  had  nothing  to 
say  to  other  women — if  he  had  she  would  have 
clawed  their  eyes  out,  and  his'n  too — he  was  as 
good  that  way  as  any  nobleman  could  be.  and  he 
was  a  fine  man  to  look  at ;  and  on  a  Sund  >y. 
when  he  dressed  hisself,  he  was  beautiful,  lie 
was  never  in  a  church  in  his  life,  and  didn't 
trouble  hisself  about  such  things  ;  they  was  no 

I  tit    hi>'n. 

It  may  be   thought    t!  ,1    this 

matter  too  lightly,  but  the  f«u.  :,y  the 

substa:  : tainly    it    is    the    t'>iie,  of   the 

s  talk,  which  .-he  poured  forth  freely,  with- 
out  expressing   wonder    why  any  ci. 
stranger,  cared  to  1  sin- 

needed  but  a  few  hint*  and  1 
make  h«r  talk  on.  Nor  it  t  nnnou 

quality  even  among  classes  who  \ 
be  classed,  in  any  respect,  with  t 
Seller.  Tin  ir  own  caiee:.-  nay  ings  and 

hopes  and  disappointments,  alone  \ 

li;.i»»e.,  ..I    J,ro|  le.aud   VV  H  ll  t  lie  0)  nipl  11  It  V    wl.ullll.it 

y  talk 
of  all  that  interest  . 

.  ii    the 

departed  costermonger  was  greatly  deputed    l>v 
his  widow  and  family,  they  did  very  well  v, 
him,  ai  the  business  to  this  dxy.     lie 

died  I  ears  back. 

I  have  no  doubt  this  widow  is  a  • 


524 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


woman  enough.  I  have  heard  her  cry  "  mack'rel, 
live  mack'rel,  eight  a  shilling,  mack'rel  !  "  and  at 
other  times, "  Eight  a  bob,  fine  mack'rel,  mack'rel, 
eight  a  bob,  eight  a  bob  !  "  On  my  inquiring 
as  to  the  cause  of  this  difference  in  her  cries, 
the  fish-seller  laughed  and  said,  "  I  cries  eight 
a  bob  when  I  sees  people  as  I  thinks  is  likely 
to  like  slang ;  to  others  I  cries  eight  a  shilling, 
which  no  doubt  is  the  right  way  of  talking." 

OF  TIIE  ClIILDKKN  STREET-SELLERS  OF 

LONDON. 

WHEN' we  consider  the  spirit  of  emulation,  of  imita- 
tion, of  bravado,  of  opposition,  of  just  or  idle  re- 
sentment, among  boys,  according  to  their  training, 
companionship,  natural  disposition,  and,  above  all, 
home  treatment,  it  seems  most  important  to  ascer- 
tain how  these  feelings  and  inclinations  are  fostered 
or  stimulated  by  the  examples  of  the  free  street- 
life  of  other  lads  to  be  seen  on  every  side.  There 
is  no  doubt  that  to  a  large  class  of  boys,  whose 
parents  are  not  in  poverty,  the  young  street  ruffian 
is  a  hero. 

If  this  inquiry  be  important,  as  it  unquestion- 
ably is,  concerning  boys,  how  much  more  impor- 
tant is  it,  when  it  includes  the  female  children  of 
the  streets ;  when  it  relates  to  the  sex  who,  in  all 
relations  of  life,  and  in  all  grades  of  society,  are 
really  the  guardians  of  a  people's  virtue. 

The  investigation  is,  again,  rendered  more  inte- 
resting and  more  important,  when  it  includes 
those  children  who  have  known  no  guidance  from 
parent,  master,  or  relative,  but  have  been  flung 
into  the  streets  through  neglect,  through  vicious- 
ness,  or  as  outcasts  from  utter  destitution. 
Mixed  with  the  children  who  really  sell  in  the 
streets,  are  the  class  who  assume  to  sell  that  they 
may  have  the  better  chance  to  steal,  or  the  greater 
facility  to  beg. 

Before  I  classify  what  I  consider  to  be  the 
causes  which  have  driven  children  to  a  street 
career,  with  all  its  hardening  consequences,  I  may 
point  out  that  culpability  cannot  be  imputed  to 
them  at  the  commencement  of  their  course  of  life. 
They  have  been  either  untaught,  mistaught,  mal- 
treated, neglected,  regularly  trained  to  vice,  or 
fairly  turned  into  the  streets  to  shift  for  them- 
selves. The  censure,  then,  is  attributable  to 
parents,  or  those  who  should  fill  the  place  of 
parents — the  State,  or  society.  The  exceptions 
to  this  culpability  as  regards  parents  are  to  be 
found  in  the  instances  where  a  costermonger  em- 
ploys his  children  to  aid  him  in  his  business 
occupation,  which  the  parents,  in  their  ignorance 
or  prejudices,  may  account  as  good  as  any  other, 
and  the  youths  thus  become  unfit,  perhaps,  for 
any  other  than  a  scrambling  street  life.  A  second 
exception  may  be  where  the  children  in  a  poor 
family  (as  continually  happens  among  the  Irish  in 
London)  must  sell  In  the  streets,  that  they  may 
eat  in  any  place. 

In  the  following  details  I  shall  consider  all  to 
le  children  who  are  under  fifteen  years  of  age. 
It  is  just  beyond  that  age  (or  the  age  of  puberty) 
that,  as  our  prison  statistics  and  other  returns 
show,  criminal  dispositions  are  developed,  "  icii- 


will"  become*  more  imperious  and  headstrong, 
that  destructive  propersity,  or  taste,  which  we  term 
the  ruling  passion  or  character  of  the  individual 
is  educed,  and  the  destiny  of  the  human  being, 
especially  when  apart  from  the  moulding  and 
well-directed  care  of  parents  or  friends,  is  influ- 
enced perhaps  for  life. 

The  Games,  then,  which  fill  our  streets  with 
children  who  either  manifest  the  keen  and  some- 
times roguish  propensity  of  a  precocious  trader, 
the  daring  and  adroitness  of  the  thief,  or  the 
loutish  indifference  of  the  mere  dull  vagabond, 
content  if  he  can  only  eat  and  sleep,  I  consider  to 
be  these : — 

1.  The  conduct  of  parents,  masters,  and  mis- 
tresses. 

2.  The  companionship  and  associations  formed 
in  tender  years. 

3.  The  employment  of  children  by  costermon- 
gers  and   others  who   live  by  street  traffic,  and 
the  training  of  costennongers'  children  to  a  street 
life. 

4.  Orphanhood,  friendlessness,  and   utter  des- 
titution. 

5.  Vagrant  dispositions  and  tastes  on  the  part 
of  children,  which  cause  them  to  be  runaways. 

After  this  I  shall  treat  of  (a)  the  pursuits  of 
the  street-trading  children ;  (b)  their  earnings  ; 
(c)  the  causes  or  influences  which  have  induced 
children  to  adopt  some  especial  branch  of  a  street 
life  ;  (d)  their  state  of  education  ;  (e)  their  morals, 
religion,  opinions,  and  conduct;  (/)  places  and 
character  of  dwellings;  (g)  diet;  (h)  amusements; 
(t)  clothing;  (j)  propensities. 

Concerning  cause  1,  viz.,  "  The  conduct  of 
parents,  masters,  and  mistresses,"  I  should  have 
more  to  say  were  I  treating  of  the  juvenile  crimi- 
nals, instead  of  sellers  in  the  streets.  The  brute 
tyranny  of  parents,  manifested  in  the  wreaking 
of  any  annoyances  or  disappointments  they  may 
have  endured,  in  the  passionate  beating  and 
cursing  of  their  children,  for  trifling  or  for  no 
causes,  is  among  the  worst  symptoms  of  a  de- 
praved nature.  This  conduct  may  be  the  most 
common  among  the  poor,  for  among  them  are 
fewer  conventional  restraints;  but  it  exists  among 
and  debases  other  classes.  Some  parents  only 
exercise  this  tyranny  in  their  fits  of  drunkenness, 
and  make  that  their  plea  in  mitigation ;  but  their 
dispositions  are  then  only  the  more  undisguisedly 
developed,  and  they  would  be  equally  unjust  or 
tyrannical  when  sober,  but  for  some  selfish  fear 
which  checks  them.  A  boy  perhaps  endures  this 
course  of  tyranny  some  time,  and  then  finding  it 
increase  he  feels  its  further  endurance  intolerable, 
and  runs  away.  If  he  have  no  friends  with  whom 
he  can  hope  to  find  a  shelter,  the  streets  only  are 
open  to  him.  He  soon  meets  with  comrades, 
some  of  whom  perhaps  had  been  circumstanced 
like  himself,  and,  if  not  strongly  disposed  to  idle- 
ness and  vicious  indulgencies,  goes  through  a 
course  of  horse- holding,  errand-running,  parcel- 
carrying,  and  such  like,  and  so  becomes,  if  honestly 
or  prudently  inclined,  a  street-seller,  beginning 
with  fuzees,  or  nuts,  or  some  unexpensive  stock. 
The  where  to  buy  and  the  how  to  sell  he  will  6nd 


LONDON  LA  LOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


525 


plenty  to  teach  him  at  the  lodging-houses,  where 
he  must  sleep  when  he  can  pay  for  a  bed. 

When  I  was  collecting  information  concerning 
brace-selling  I  met  with  a  youth  of  sixteen  who 
abcut  two  years  previously  had  run  away  from 
Birmingham,  and  made  his  way  to  London,  with 
2*.  6rf.  Although  he  earned  something  weekly,  he 
was  so  pinched  and  beaten  by  a  step-mother  (his 
father  was  seldom  at  home  except  on  Sunday) 
that  his  life  was  miserable.  This  went  on  for 
nearly  a  year,  until  the  boy  began  to  resist,  and 
iiurday  evening,  when  beaten  as  usual,  he 
struck  in  return,  drawing  blood  from  his  step- 
mother's face.  The  father  came  home  before  the 
fray  was  well  ended  ;  listened  to  his  wife's  state- 
ment, and  would  not  listen  to  the  boy's,  and  in 
his  turn  chastised  the  lad  mercilessly.  In  five 
minutes  after  the  boy,  with  aching  bones  and  a 
bitter  spirit,  left  bis  father's  house  and  made  his 
way  to  London,  where  he  was  then  vending  cheap 
braces.  This  youth  could  neither  read  nor  write, 
and  seemed  to  possess  no  quickness  or  intelli- 
gence. The  only  thing  of  which  he  cared  to  talk 
was  his  step-mother's  treatment  of  him  ;  all  else 
was  a  blank  with  him,  in  comparison ;  this  was 
the  one  burning  recollection. 

I  may  here  observe,  that  I  heard  of  several 
instances  of  children  having  run  away  and  adopted 
a  street  life  in  consequence  of  the  violence  of  step- 
mothers far  more  than  of  step-fathers. 

I  cite  the  foregoing  instance,  as  the  boy's  career 
was  exactly  that  I  have  described  ;  but  the  reader 
will  remember,  that  in  the  many  and  curious  nar- 
ratives I  have  collected,  how  often  the  adult  street- 
teller  has  begun  such  a  life  by  being  a  runaway 
from  domestic  tyranny.  Had  this  Birmingham 
boy  been  less  honest,  or  perhaps  less  dull,  it 
would  have  been  far  easier  for  him  to  have  be- 
come a  thief  than  a  street-trader.  To  the  gangs 
of  young  thieves,  a  new  boy,  who  is  not  known  to 
the  police  is  often  (as  a  smart  young  pickpocket, 
then  known  as  the  Cocksparrow,  described  it  to 
me)  "a  God-send." 

My  readers  will  remember  that  in  the  collected 
statements  of  the  street-folk,  there  are  several 
accounts  of  runaways,  but  they  were  generally 
older  than  the  age  I  have  fixed,  and  it  was  neces- 
sary to  give  an  account  of  one  who  comes  within 
my  classification  of  a  child. 

I  did  not  hear  of  any  girls  who  had  run  away 

from    their   homes   having   become    street-sellers 

merely.     They  more  generally  fall  into  a  course 

of  prostitution,  or  sometimes  may  be  ostensibly 

•treet-sellers  as  a  means  of  accosting  men,  and, 

perhaps,  for  an  attractive  pretence  to 

that  they  are  poor,  innocent  girls,  struggling  for 

nn   hnne'st  ponny.       If    they   resort   to   the  low 

.houses,  where  the  sexes  are  lodged  indis- 

;i  itrly,  their  ruin  seems  inevitable. 

•\i9   companionship  and   a**.< 
formed  \-ars  lead  many  childr. 

street  life  is  to  evident,  that  I  may  t>c  1 
the   subject.     There   arc    few   who   are    in    tho 
li.it  they  may  ob*enre  • 
t roots    and 
who  have  not  seen  little  boys  plying  at  marbles, 


or  gambling  with  halfpennies,  farthings,  or 
buttons,  with  other  lads,  and  who  have  laid  down 
their  basket  of  nuts  or  oranges  to  take  part  in 
the  play.  The  young  street-seller  has  probably 
more  halfpence  at  his  command,  or,  at  any  rate, 
in  his  possession,  than  his  non-dealing  playmates  ; 
he  is  also  in  the  undoubted  possession  of  what 
appears  a  large  store  of  things  for  which  poor  boys 
have  generally  a  craving  and  a  relish.  Thus  the 
little  itinerant  trader  is  envied  and  imitated. 

This  attraction  to  a  street  career  is  very  strong, 
I  have  ascertained,  among  the  neglected  children 
of  the  poor,  when  the  parents  are  absent  at  their 
work.  On  a  Saturday  morning,  some  little  time 
since,  I  was  in  a  flagged  court  near  Drury-lane, 
a  wretched  place,  which  was  full  of  children  of  all 
ages.  The  parents  were  nearly  all,  I  believe, 
then  at  work,  or  "  on  the  look  out  for  a  job,"  as 
porters  in  Covent  Grarden-market,  and  the  children 
played  in  the  court  until  their  return.  In  one 
corner  was  a  group  of  four  or  five  little  boys  gamb- 
ling and  squabbling  for  nuts,  of  which  one  of  the 
number  was  a  vendor.  A  sharp-looking  lad  was 
gazing  enviously  on,  and  I  asked  him  to  guide  me 
to  the  room  of  a  man  whom  I  wished  to  see.  He 
did  so,  and  I  gave  him  a  penny.  On  my  leaving 
the  court  I  found  this  boy  the  most  eager  of  the 
players,  gambling  with  the  penny  I  had  given  him. 
I  had  occasion  to  return  there  a  few  hours  after, 
and  the  same  lad  was  leaning  against  the  wall, 
\vith  his  hands  in  his  pockets,  as  if  suffering  from 
listlessness.  He  had  had  no  luck  with  the  nut  covey, 
he  told  me,  but  he  hoped  before  long  to  sell  nuts 
himself.  He  did  not  know  his  age,  but  he 
appeared  to  be  about  eleven.  Only  last  week  I 
saw  this  same  lad  hawking  a  basket,  very  indif- 
ferently stocked  with  oranges.  He  had  raised  a 
shilling,  he  said,  and  the  "  Early  Bird  "  (the  nick- 
name of  a  young  street-seller)  had  put  him  up  to 
the  way  to  lay  it  out.  On  my  asking  if  his 
father  (a  journeyman  butcher)  knew  what  he  was 
doing,  he  replied  that  so  long  as  he  didn't  bother 
his  father  he  could  do  what  he  pleased,  and  the 
more  he  kept  out  of  his  (the  father's)  way  the 
bettor  he  would  be  liked  and  treated. 

The  association  of  poor  boys  and  girls  with  the 
children  of  the  costermongers,  and  of  the  Iri^h 
fruit-sellers,  who  are  employed  in  itinerant  vend- 
ing, is  often  productive  of  a  strong  degree  of  envy 
on  the  part  of  unemployed  little  ones,  who  look 
upon  having  tne  charge  of  a  basket  of  fruit,  to  he 
carried  in  any  direction,  as  a  species  of  independ- 


The  employment   of  children    by 
mongers,  and  others  who  live  by  street  traffic ; 
••  training  of  costermongers'  children  to  a 
ntreet  life,  in  the  ordinary  means  of  increase  among 
1  folk." 

the  contormongers  become  ne- 
cessarily, as    I    have   already   intimated, 

•*  more  innocently  than  in  any 
timer,  liy  ln-inc   R  ^""M  n»  their 

!<>r   thfl 

r  parents.     Tho  child  <Ws  1"' 
r  and  tho  father  does  but  rear  the  cUti 


526 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


to  the  calling  by  which  his  daily  bread  is  won. 
This  is  the  case  particularly  with  the  Irish,  who 
often  have  large  families,  and  bring  them  with 
them  to  London. 

There  are,  moreover,  a  great  number  of  boys, 
"  anybody's  children,"  as  I  heard  them  called, 
who  are  tempted  and  trained  to  pursue  an  open- 
air  traffic,  through  being  engaged  by  costermon- 
gers  or  small  tradesmen  to  sell  upon  commission, 
or,  as  it  is  termed,  for  "  bunse."  In  the  curious, 
and  almost  in  every  instance  novel,  information 
which  I  gave  to  the  public  concerning  the  largest 
body  of  the  street-sellers,  the  costermongers,  this 
word  "  bunse  "  (probably  a  corruption  of  bonus, 
bone  being  the  slang  for  good)  first  appeared  in 
print.  The  mode  is  this :  a  certain  quantity  of 
saleable,  and  sometimes  of  not  very  saleable,  com- 
modities is  given  to  a  boy  whom  a  costermonger 
knows  and  perhaps  employs,  and  it  is  arranged 
that  the  young  commission-agent  is  to  get  a  par- 
ticular sum  for  them,  which  must  be  paid  to  the 
costermonger ;  I  will  say  3*.,  that  being  some  where 
about  the  maximum.  For  these  articles  the  lad  may 
ask  and  obtain  any  price  he  can,  and  whatever  he 
obtains  beyond  the  stipulated  3s.  is  his  own  profit 
or  "  bunse."  The  remuneration  thus  accruing  to 
the  boy-vendor  of  course  varies  very  materially, 
according  to  the  season  of  the  year,  the  nature  of 
the  article,  and  the  neighbourhood  in  which  it 
is  hawked.  Much  also  depends  upon  whether  the 
boy  has  a  regular  market  for  his  commodities ; 
whether  he  has  certain  parties  to  whom  he  is 
known  and  upon  whom  he  can  call  to  solicit  cus- 
tom ;  if  he  has,  of  course  his  facilities  for  disposing 
of  his  stock  in  trade  are  much  greater  than  in  the 
case  of  one  who  has  only  the  chance  of  attracting 
attention  and  obtaining  custom  by  mere  crying 
and  bawling  "  Penny  a  piece,  Col-ly-flowers," 
"  Five  bunches  a  penny,  Red-dish-es,"  and  such 
like.  The  Irish  boys  call  this  "  having  a  back," 
an  old  Hibernian  phrase  formerly  applied  to  a  very 
different  subject  and  purpose. 

Another  cause  of  the  abundance  of  street- 
dealers  among  the  boyish  fraternity,  whose 
parents  are  unable  or  unwilling  to  support  them, 
is  that  some  costers  keep  a  lad  as  a  regular 
assistant,  whose  duty  it  is  to  pull  the  barrow  of 
his  master  about  the  streets,  and  assist  him  in 
"  crying  "  his  wares.  Sometimes  the  man  and  the 
boy  call  out  together,  sometimes  separately  and 
alternately,  but  mostly  the  boy  alone  has  to  do 
\his  part  of  the  work,  the  coster's  voice  being 
generally  rough  and  hoarse,  while  the  shrill  sound 
of  that  of  the  boy  re  echoes  throughout  the  street 
along  which  they  slowly  move,  and  is  far  more 
likely  to  strike  the  ear, .and  consequently  to 
attract  attention,  than  that  of  the  man.  This 
mode  of  "practising  the  voice"  is,  however,  per- 
fectly ruinous  to  it,  as  in  almost  every  case  of  this 
description  we  find  the  natural  tone  completely 
annihilated  at  a  very  early  age,  and  a  harsh, 
hoarse,  guttural,  disagreeable  mode  of  speak- 
ing acquired.  In  addition  to  the  costers  there 
are  others  who  thus  employ  boys  in  the  streeu  : 
the  hawkers  of  coal  do  so  invariably,  and  the 
milkmen  —especially  those  who  drive  cows  or  iia  e 


a  cart  to  carry  the  milk-pails  in.  Once  in  the 
streets  and  surrounded  with  street-associates,  the 
boy  soon  becomes  inured  to  this  kind  of  life,  and 
when  he  leaves  his  first  master,  will  frequently 
start  in  gome  branch  of  costermongering  for 
himself,  without  seeking  to  obtain  another  con- 
stant employment. 

This  mode  of  employing  lads,  and  on  the  whole 
perhaps  they  are  fairly  enough  used  by  the  coster- 
mongers,  and  generally  treated  with  great  kind- 
ness by  the  costers'  wives  or  concubines,  is,  I  am 
inclined  to  think,  the  chief  cause  of  the  abund- 
ance and  even  increase  of  the  street-sellers  of  fish, 
iruit,  and  vegetables. 

4.  To  "orphanhood,    friendlessness,  and   utter 
destitution,"  the  commerce  of  the  streets  owes  a 
considerable  portion  of  its  merchants.  A  child  finds 
himself  or  herself  an  orphan  ;  the  parents  having 
been   miserably  poor,  he  or  she  lives  in  a  place 
where  street-folk  abound  ;  it  seems  the  only  road 
to  a  meal  and  a  bed,  anoi  the  orphan  "  starts"  with 
a  few  lucifer-matches,  boot-laces,  nuts,  or  onions. 
It  is  the  same  when  a  child,  without  being  an  or- 
phan, is  abandoned  or  neglected  by  the  parents, 
and,  perhaps  without  any  injunctions  either  for  or 
against  such  a  course,  is  left  to  his  or  her  own  will 
to  sell  or  steal  in  the  streets. 

5.  The  vagrant  dispositions  and  tastes  of  lads, 
and,  it  may  be,  now  and  then  somewhat  of  a  reck- 
less spirit  of  adventure,  which  in  our  days  has  far 
fewer  fields  than  it  once  had,  is  another  cause  why 
a  street-life  is  embraced.     Lads  have  been  known 
to  run  away  from  even  comfortable  homes  through 
the   mere  spirit   of  restlessness ;    and   sometimes 
they  have  done  so,  but  not  perhaps  under  the  age 
of  fifteen,  for  the  unrestrained  indulgence  of  licen- 
tious  passions.     As  this  class  of  runaways,  how- 
ever, do   not  ordinarily  settle   into  regular  street- 
sellers,  but  become    pickpockets,    or    trade    only 
with  a   view    to  cl<»ak   their  designs  of  theft,    I 
need  not  further  allude  to  them  under  this  head. 

I  now  come  to  the  second  part  of  my  subject, 
the  Pursuit*,  &c.,  of  the  children  in  street  avoca- 
tions. 

As  I  have  shown  in  my  account  of  the  women 
street-sellers,  there  is  no  calling  which  this  body 
of  juveniles  monopolize,  none  of  which  they  are 
the  sole  possessors  ;  but  some  are  principally  in 
their  hands,  and  there  are  others,  again,  to  which 
they  rarely  incline. 

Among  the  wares  sold  by  the  boys  and  girls  of 
the  streets  are  : — money-bags,  lucifer-match  boxes, 
leather  straps,  belts,  firewood  (common,  and  also 
"  patent,"  that  is,  dipped  into  an  inflammable 
composition),  fly-papers,  a  variety  of  fruits,  espe- 
cially nuts,  oranges,  and  apples  ;  onions,  radishes, 
water-cresses,  cut  flowers  and  lavender  (mostly 
sold  by  girls),  sweet-briar,  India  rubber,  garters, 
and  other  little  articles  ot  the  same  material,  in- 
cluding elastic  rings  to  encircle  rolls  of  paper- 
music,  toys  of  the  smaller  kinds,  cakes,  steel  pens 
and  penholders  with  jjlass  handles,  exhibition 
medals  and  cards,  gelatine  cards,  glass  and  other 
|  cheap  seals,  brass  watch-guards,  chains,  and  rings ; 
'  small  tin  ware,  nutmeg-graters,  and  other  article* 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THS  LONDON  POOR. 


527 


of  a  similar  description,  such  as  are  easily  port- 
able ;  iron  skewers,  fuzees,  shirt  buttong.  boot  and 
stay-laces,  pins  (and  more  rarely  needles),  cotton 
bobbins,  Christmasing  (holly  and  other  eVergreens 
at  Christmas-tide),  May-flowers,  coat-studs,  toy-pot- 
tery, blackberries,  groundsel  and  chickweed,  and 
clothes'-pegs. 

There  are  also  other  things  which  children  sell 
temporarily,  or  rather  in  the  season.  This  year  I 
saw  lads  selling  wild  birds'-nests  with  their  eggs, 
such  a*  hedge-sparrows,  minnows  in  small  glass 
globes,  roots  of  the  wild  Early  Orchis  (Orchis 
mascula),  and  such  like  things  found  only  out  of 
town. 

Independently  of  the  vending  of  these  articles, 
then1  are  many  other  ways  of  earning  a  penny 
among  the  street  boys :  among  them  are  found 
— tumblers,  mud-larks,  water-jacks,  Ethiopians, 
ballad-singers,  bagpipe  boys,  the  variety  of  street 
musicians  (especially  Italian  boys  with  organs), 
Billingsgate  boys  or  young  "  roughs,"  Covent  Gar- 
den boys,  porters,  and  shoeblacks  (a  class  recently 
increased  by  the  Ragged  School  Brigade).  A 
great  many  lads  are  employed  also  in  giving  away 
the  cards  and  placards  of  advertising  and  puffing 
tradesmen,  and  around  the  theatres  are  children 
of  both  sexes  (along  with  a  few  old  people)  offering 
play-bills  for  sale,  but  this  is  an  occupation  le>s 
pursued  than  formerly,  as  some  managers  sell  their 
own  bills  inside  the  house  and  do  not  allow  any 
to  pass  from  the  hands  of  the  printer  into  those  of 
the  former  vendors.  Again  :  amid  the  employ- 
ments of  this  class  maybe  mentioned — the  going  on 
errands  and  carrying  parcels  for  persons  accident- 
ally met  with  ;  holding  horses  ;  sweeping  crossings 
(but  the  best  crossings  are  usually  in  the  possession 
of  adults);  carrying  trunks  for  any  railway  tra- 
veller to  or  from  the  terminus,  and  carrying  them 
from  an  omnibus  when  the  passenger  is  not  put 
down  at  his  exact  destination.  During  the  frosty- 
days  of  the  winter  and  early  spring,  some  of  these 
little  fellows  used  to  run  along  the  foot-path — 
Baker-street  was  a  favourite  place  for  this  dis- 
play— and  keep  pace  with  the  omnibuses,  not 
by  using  their  legs  briskly,  but  by  throw- 
ing themselves  every  now  and  then  on  their  hands 
and  progressing  a  few  steps  (so  to  speak)  with 
their  feet  in  the  air.  This  was  done  to  attract 
attention  and  obtain  the  .  :t  a  job  were 

in  prospect ;  done,  too,  in   hopes  of  a  halfpenny 
being  given  the  urchin  for  his  agility.     I 
at  the  hands  of  one  of  these  little  fellows  and  the 
fleshy  part*  of  the  palm  were  as  hard  as  soling- 
leather,  as  hard,  indeed,  tis  the  soles  of  the  child's 
••v.i*  bare-footed.     At  the  doors  of  the 
;  laces  generally,  boys  are 

always  in  waiting  to  secure  a  cab  from  the  stand, 

their    I..-.-1    har\.«t   being   when   the   night   has 

- "    after  a   fine    day.      Boys 

wait  for  the  Mime   purpose,  lounging   all 

and    until    the    place   close*,   about    the    night- 

»aloon*,    Ace.,    and    sometime* 

without   receiving  a  penny.     There  art,  again, 

any    ways    in    which    street    boy* 

«n  temporary 

help  is  needed,  a*  when  a  cabman  matt  finish  the 


cleaning  of  his  vehicle  in  a  hurry,  or  when  a 
porter  finds  himself  over-weighted  in  his  truck. 
Boys  are,  moreover,  the  common  custodians  of  the 
donkeys  on  which  young  ladies  take  invigorating 
exercise  in  such  places  as  Hampstead-heath  and 
Blackheath.  At  pigeon-shooting  matches  they  are 
in  readiness  to  pick  up  the  dead  birds,  and  secure 
the  poor  fluttering  things  which  are  "hard  hit"  by 
the  adventurous  sportsman,  without  having  been 
killed.  They  have  their  share  again  in  the  pick- 
ing of  currants  and  gooseberries,  the  pottling  of 
strawberries,  in  weeding,  &c.,  &c.,  and  though 
the  younger  children  may  be  little  employed  in 
haymaking,  or  in  the  more  important  labours  of 
the  corn  harvest,  they  have  their  shares,  both  with 
and  without  the  company  of  their  parents,  in  the 
"hopping."  In  fine  there  is  no  business  carried 
on  to  any  extent  in  the  streets,  or  in  the  open  air, 
but  it  will  he  found  that  boys  have  their  portion. 
Thus  they  are  brought  into  contact  with  all  classes ; 
another  proof  of  what  I  have  advanced  touching 
the  importance  of  this  subject. 

It  will  be  perceived  that,  under  this  head,  I 
have  had  to  speak  far  more  frequently  of  boys 
than  of  girls,  for  the  boy  is  far  more  the  child  of 
the  streets  than  is  the  girl.  The  female  child  can 
do  little  but  sell  (when  a  livelihood  is  to  be 
gained  without  a  recourse  to  immorality);  the 
boy  can  not  only  sell,  but  vork. 

The  many  ramifications  of  child-life  and  of 
child-work  in  our  teeming  streets,  which  I  have 
just  enumerated,  render  it  difficult  to  arrive  at  a 
very  nice  estimation  of  the  tamings  of  the  street 
lays  and  ijirls.  The  gains  of  this  week  are  not 
ins  of  the  next;  there  is  the 
influence  of  the  weather;  there  may  be  a  larger 
or  a  smaller  number  of  hands  "  taking  a  turn"  at 
any  particular  calling  this  week  than  in  its  pre- 
decessor; and,  above  all,  there  is  that  concate- 
nation of  circumstanres,  which  street-sell 
elude  in  one  expressive  word — "luck.''  I  mean 
the  opportunities  to  earn  a  few  prn< •«•,  which  on 
some  occasions  present  themselves  freely,  and  at 
others  do  not  occur  at  all.  Such  '•  luck."  how- 
ever, is  more  felt  by  the  holders  of  horses,  and 
the  class  of  waiters  upon  <  pi>  •:  tunity  (so  to  speak), 
than  by  those  who  <!  trade. 

I   believe,  n  sequence   of 

what  I   have  observed,  and   from   t: 
testimony  of  persons  familiar  with  the  child-life  of 
London  Streets,  th.v  the  children, 

\\  hen  they  are  healthful  and  active,  are  about  the 
j»an i e  in  the  several  capacities  they  exercise.     Tip- 
waiter  on  opportunity,  the  Inri 
for  a  job,"  may  wait  and  look  out  nil  <i.,\ 
le**ly.  '  chance 

may  realir-e  him  "a  whole  tanner  all  in  a  lump." 
••  water-crew  girl  may  .irmigo 
on  from  early  morning  until  "  cresses **  are  wanted 
tor  tea,  and,  with  "  a  connection,"  and  a  tolerably 
regular  demand,  earn  no  more  than  the  boy'*  6d.t 
;t:.ii  f.r..l,.il.;\  ri"i  »••  ni-.h. 

profitable  callings  of  thr 
the  *ale  of  Christmuing,  hut 
only  for  a  very  brief  *ea*on;  the  most  regvltt 


528 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


returns  in  the  child's  trade,  are  in  the  sale  of  such 
things  as  water-cresses,  or  any  low-priced  article 
of  daily  consumption,  wherever  the  youthful 
render  may  be  known. 

I  find  it  necessary  to  place  the  earnings  of  the 
street-children  higher  than  those  of  the  aged  and 
infirm.  The  children  are  more  active,  more 
persevering,  and  perhaps  more  impudent.  They 
are  less  deterred  by  the  weather,  and  can  endure 
more  fatigue  in  walking  long  distances  than  old 
people.  This,  however,  relatea  to  the  boys  more 
especially,  some  of  whom  are  very  sturdy  fellows. 

The  oranges  which  the  street-children  now 
vend  at  two  a-penny,  leave  them  a  profit  of  4td. 
in  the  shilling.  To  take  Is.  Qd.  with  a  profit  of 
Qd.  is  a  fair  day's  work ;  to  take  Is.  with  a  profit 
of  4rf.  is  a  poor  day's  work.  The  dozen  bunches 
of  cut-flowers  which  a  girl  will  sell  on  an  average 
day  at  Id.  a  bunch,  cost  her  Qd.,  that  sum  being 
also  her  profit.  These  things  supply,  I  think,  a 
fair  criterion.  The  children's  profits  may  be  Qd. 
a  day,  and  including  Sunday  trade,  3*.  Qd.  a 
week ;  but  with  the  drawbacks  of  bad  weather, 
they  cannot  be  computed  at  more  than  2».  Qd. 
a  week  the  year  through.  The  boys  may  earn 
2d.  or  3d.  a  week  on  an  average  more  than  the 
girls,  except  in  such  things  (which  I  shall  specify 
under  the  next  head)  as  seem  more  particularly 
suited  for  female  traffic. 

Of  the  causes  which  influence  children  to  follow 
this  or  that  course  of  businets  when  a  street  career 
has  been  their  choice  or  their  lot,  I  have  little  to 
say.  It  seems  quite  a  matter  of  chance,  even 
where  a  preference  may  exist.  A  runaway  lad 
meets  with  a  comrade  who  perhaps  sells  fuzees, 
and  he  accordingly  begins  on  fuzees.  One  youth, 
of  whom  I  have  given  an  account  (but  he  was  not 
of  child's  estate),  began  his  street  career  on  fly- 
papers. When  children  are  sent  into  the  streets 
to  sell  on  account  of  their  parents,  they,  of  course, 
vend  just  what  their  parents  have  supplied  to 
them.  If  "on  their  own  hook,"  they  usually 
commence  their  street  career  on  what  it  is  easiest 
to  buy  and  easiest  to  sell ;  a  few  nuts  or  oranges 
bought  in  Duke's-place,  lucifer-boxes,  or  small 
wares.  As  their  experience  increases  they  may 
become  general  street-sellers.  The  duller  sort 
will  continue  to  carry  on  the  trades  that  any  one 
with  ordinary  lungs  and  muscles  can  pursue. 
"  All  a  fellow  wants  to  know  to  sell  potatoes," 
said  a  master  street-seller  to  me,  "  is  to  tell  how 
many  tanners  make  a  bob,  and  how  many  yenaps 
a  tanner."  [How  many  sixpences  make  a  shil- 
ling, and  how  many  pence  a  sixpence.]  The 
smarter  and  bolder  lads  ripen  into  patterers,  or 
street-performers,  or  fall  into  theft.  For  the 
class  of  adventurous  runaways,  the  patterer's,  or, 
rather,  the  paper-working  patterer's  life,  with  its 
alternations  of  town  and  country,  fairs  and  hang- 
ings, the  bustle  of  race-grounds  and  the  stillness 
of  a  village,  has  great  attractions.  To  a  pattering 
and  chaunting  career,  moreover,  there  is  the  stimu- 
lus of  that  love  of  approbation  and  of  admiration, 
as  strong  among  the  often  penniless  professionals 
of  the  streets  as  on  the  boards  of  the  opera  house. 


Perhaps  there  is  not  a  child  of  eith«  sex,  now 
a  street-seller,  who  would  not  to-morrow,  if  they 
thought  they  could  clear  a  penny  or  two  a  day 
more  by  it,  quit  their  baskets  of  oranges  and  sell 
candle-ends,  or  old  bones,  or  anything.  In  a 
street  career,  and  most  especially  when  united 
with  a  lodging-house  existence,  there  is  no  dainti 
ness  of  the  senses  and  no  exercise  of  the  tastes 
the  question  is  not  "What  do  I  like  best  to  sell1?" 
but  "  What  is  likely  to  pay  me  best?"  This  can- 
not be  wondered  at ;  for  if  a  child  earn  but  5d.  a 
day  on  apples,  and  can  make  Qd.  on  onions,  its 
income  is  increased  by  20  per  cent. 

The  trades  which  I  have  specified  as  in  the 
hands  of  street-children  are  carried  on  by  both 
sexes.  I  do  not  know  that  even  the  stock  in 
trade  which  most  taxes  the  strength  is  more  a 
boy's  than  a  girl's  pursuit.  A  basket  of  oranges 
or  of  apples  is  among  the  heaviest  of  all  the 
stocks  hawked  by  children ;  and  in  those  pursuits 
there  are  certainly  as  many,  or  rather  more,  girls 
than  boys.  Such  articles  as  fly-papers,  money- 
bags, tins,  fuzees,  and  Christraasing,  are  chiefly 
the  boys'  sale ;  cut-flowers,  lavender,  water-cresses, 
and  small  wares,  are  more  within  the  trading  of 
the  girls. 

The  callings  with  which  children  do  not  meddle 
are  those  which  require  "  patter."  Some  of  the 
boys  very  glibly  announce  their  wares,  and  may  be 
profuse  now  and  then  in  commendations  of  their 
quality,  cheapness,  and  superiority,  but  it  requires 
a  longer  experience  to  patter  according  to  the 
appreciation  of  a  perhaps  critical  street  audience. 
No  child,  for  instance,  ventures  upon  the  sale  of 
grease-removing  compositions,  corn-salve,  or  the 
"  Trial  and  Execution  of  Thomas  Drory,"  with  an 
"  Affecting  Copy  of  Werses." 

A  gentleman  remarked  to  me  that  it  was  rather 
curious  that  boys'  playthings,  such  as  marbles 
and  tops,  were  not  hawked  by  street  juveniles, 
who  might  be  very  well  able  to  recommend  them. 
I  do  not  remember  to  have  seen  any  such  things 
vended  by  children. 

Education  is,  as  far  as  I  have  been  able  to 
ascertain,  more  widely  extended  among  street 
children  than  it  was  twelve  or  fifteen  years  ago. 
The  difficulty  in  arriving  at  any  conclusion  on 
such  a  subject  is  owing  to  the  inability  to  find  any 
one  who  knew,  or  could  even  form  a  tolerably 
accurate  judgment  of  what  was  the  state  of  educa- 
tion among  these  juveniles  even  twelve  yean 
back. 

Perhaps  it  may  be  sufficiently  correct  to  say  that 
among  a  given  number  of  street  children,  where,  9 
dozen  years  ago,  you  met  twenty  who  could  read^ 
you  will  now  meet  upwards  of  thirty.  Of  sixteen 
children,  none  apparently  fifteen  years  of  age, 
whom  I  questioned  on  the  subject,  nine  admitted 
that  they  could  not  read ;  the  other  seven  declared 
that  they  could,  but  three  annexed  to  the  avowal 
the  qualifying  words — "a  little."  Ten  were  boys 
and  six  were  girls,  and  I  spoke  to  them  pro- 
miscuously as  I  met  them  in  the  street.  Two  wer« 
Irish  lads,  who  were  "  working  "  oranges  in  com- 
pany, and  the  bigger  answered—"  Shure,  thin,  w« 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tan  ride,  your  honour,  sir."  I  have  little  doubt 
that  they  could,  but  in  all  probability,  had  either 
of  those  urchins  thought  he  would  be  a  penny  the 
better  by  it,  he  would  have  professed,  to  a  per- 
fect stranger,  that  he  had  a  knowledge  of  algebra. 
"  Yis,  sir,  I  do,  thin,"  would  very  likely  be  his 
response  to  any  such  inquiry ;  and  when  told  he 
could  not  possibly  know  anything  about  it,  he 
would  answer,  "  Arrah,  thin,  but  I  didn't  under- 
stand your  honour." 

To  "the  Ragged  Schools  is,  in  all  probability, 
owing  this  extension  of  the  ability  to  read. 
It  appears  that  the  attendance  of  the  street 
children  at  the  Ragged  School  is  most  uncertain  ; 
as,  indeed,  must  necessarily  be  the  case  where  the 
whole  time  of  the  lad  is  devoted  to  obtaining  a 
subsistence.  From  the  best  information  I  can 
collect,  it  appears  that  the  average  attendance  of 
these  boys  at  these  schools  does  not  exceed  two 
hours  per  week,  so  that  the  amount  of  education 
thus  acquired,  if  education  it  may  be  called,  must 
necessarily  be  scanty  in  the  extreme ;  and  is 
frequently  forgotten  as  soon  as  learned. 

With  many  of  these  little  traders  a  natural 
shrewdness  compensates  in  some  measure  for  the 
deficiency  of  education,  and  enables  them  to  carry 
on  their  variety  of  trades  with  readiness  and  dex- 
terity, and  sometimes  with  exactness.  One  boy 
with  whom  I  had  a  conversation,  told  me  that 
he  never  made  any  mistake  about  the  "coppers," 
although,  as  I  subsequently  discovered,  he  had  no 
notion  at  all  of  arithmetic  beyond  the  capability 
of  counting  how  many  pieces  of  coin  he  had,  and 
how  much  copper  money  was  required  to  make  a 
"  tanner"  or  a  "  bob."  This  boy  vended  coat- 
studs  :  he  had  also  some  metal  collars  for  dogs,  or 
as  he  said,  "  for  cats  aither."  These  articles  he 
purchased  at  the  same  shop  in  Houndsditch, 
\vh.-re  "  there  was  a  wonderful  lot  of  other  things 
to  be  had,  on'y  some  on  'em  cost  more  nu>: 

In   speaking  of  money,  the  slang  phrases  are 
constantly  used    by    tin-  street  lads;  thus  a  six- 
Dance  is  a  "  tanner ;"  a  shilling  a  "  bob,"  or  a 
a  crown  is  "a  bull ;"  a  half-crown  "a  half 
bull,"  &c.     Little,  as  a  modern    writer  has   re- 
.  do  the  persons  using  these  phrases  know 
of    their  remote  and    somewhat   classical   origin, 
which   may.  indeed,  be  traced  to  the  period  ante- 
to  that  when  monarchs   monopolized     the 
surface  of  coined   money  with   their  own 
and  superscriptions.     They  are  identical  with  the 
ime  of  money  among  the  early   Romans, 
which   was    ,  "in  pecus,   a  Mck.     The 

collections  of  coin  dealers  amply  show,  that  the 
figure  of  a  hog  was  anciently  pi  <••••!  on  a  small 
:;•!    tint   that  of  a   bull  decorated 
larger  ones  of  the  same  metal  :  these  coins  were 
•!y  deeply  crossed  on  the  reverse  :  this  was 
for  the  convenience  of  easily  breaking  them  into 
two  or  more  pieces,  should   the  bargain  for  which 
thi-y    were    employed   require    it,  and    the   parties 
.    it  had  no  smaller  change  handy  to  coro- 
••isaction.     Thus    we    find    that   the 
"  half- hull "  •  •  ,mt  street- Belief  or  "  trn- 

,.•  a  phrase  of  im» 
,  as  is  generally  supposed,  is  in  point  of 


fact  referable  to  an  era  extremely  remote.  Numerous 
other  instances  might  be  given  of  the  classical 
origin  of  many  of  xhe  flash  or  slang  words  used  by 
these  people. 

I  now  give  the  answers  I  received  from  two 
boys.  The  first,  his  mother  told  me,  was  the 
best  scholar  at  his  school  when  he  was  there,  and 
before  he  had  to  help  her  in  street  sale.  He  was 
a  pale,  and  not  at  all  forward  boy,  of  thirteen  or 
fourteen,  and  did  not  appear  much  to  admire  being 
questioned.  He  had  not  been  to  a  Ragged  School, 
but  to  an  "academy"  kept  by  an  old  man.  He  did 
not  know  what  the  weekly  charge  was,  but  when 
father  was  living  (he  died  last  autumn)  the  school- 
master used  to  take  it  out  in  vegetables.  Father 
was  a  costermonger  ;  mother  minded  all  about  his 
schooling,  and  master  often  said  she  behaved  to 
him  like  a  lady.  "  God,"  this  child  told  me,  "  was 
our  Heavenly  Father,  and  the  maker  of  all 
things  ;  he  knew  everything  and  everybody  ;  he 
knew  people's  thoughts  and  every  sin  they  com- 
mitted if  no  one  else  knew  it.  His  was  the  king- 
dom and  the  power,  and  the  glory,  for  ever  and 
ever,  Amen.  Jesus  Christ  was  our  Lord  and 
Saviour ;  he  was  the  son  of  God,  and  was  cru- 
cified fur  our  sins.  He  was  a  God  himself.'' 
[The  child  understood  next  to  nothing  of  the 
doctrine  of  the  Trinity,  and  I  did  not  press  him.] 
"  The  Scriptures,  which  were  the  Bible  and  Tes- 
tament, were  the  Word  of  God,  and  contained 
nothing  but  what  was  good  and  true.  If  a  boy  lied, 
or  stole,  or  committed  sins,"  he  said,  "  he  would 
be  punished  in  the  next  world,  which  endured 
for  ever  and  ever,  Amen.  It  was  only  after 
death,  when  it  was  too  late  to  repent,  that  people 
went  to  the  next  world.  He  attended  chapel, 
sometimes." 

As  to  mundane  matters,  the  boy  told  me  that 
Victoria  was  Queen  of  Great  liritain  and  Ireland. 
She  was  born  May  24,  1819,  and  succeeded  his 
late    Majesty.  King  William  IV.,  July  lie. 
She  was  married  to  his   Royal    Highne.-s  Prince 
Albert,  &c.,  \c.     France  was  a  different  country 
to  this  :   he  had  heard  there  was  no  kini;  or  qu.-en 
there,     but    didn't    understand    about    it. 
couldn't  go  to  France  by  land,  no  more  t!  . 
could  to  Ireland.      Didn't  know  anything  of  the 
old  times  in  history;    hadn't   been   told.      11. id 
of  the   battle  of   Waterloo ;   the    i 

:  heard  of  the  battle  of  Trafalgar, 
and  of  Lord  Nelson  ;  didn't  know  much  about 
him  ;  but  there  was  hi*  iaring-cro*s, 

just    by    the    candlesticks    (fountains). 
I  spoke  of  astronomy,  the  boy  me  he 

•thing  about  it.     He  had  heard  that  the 
earth    went  round  the  sun,  but  from   \\  l..r. 
noticed,  shouldn't    have  thought  it.     He   didn't 
think  that  the  MIII  •••-  <•  earth,  it  leMsad 

to  go  more  sideways.     Would  like  to  read 

he  had  a  few  books,  and  th.io 
was  hi;  •  on  well  off  as  he  was. 

...I  not 

indulge  in  an  approach  to  a  scoff,  at  the  ex: 
^  •  knowledge.     Many  a  man  who 

and  who  attribute*  his  SOOCCM  in  life  to  the  fulness 


530 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  his  knowledge,  knows  no  more  of  Nature, 
Man,  and  God,  than  this  poor  street  child. 

Another  boy,  perhaps  a  lew  months  older,  gave 
me  hia  notions  of  men  and  things.  He  was  a 
thick-limbed,  red-cheeked  fellow;  answered  very 
freely,  and  sometimes,  when  I  could  not  help 
laughing  at  his  replies,  laughed  loudly  himself,  as 
if  he  entered  into  the  joke. 

Yes,  he  had  heer'd  of  God  who  made  the 
world.  Couldn't  exactly  recollec'  when  he'd 
heer'd  on  him,  but  he  had,  most  sarten-ly.  Didn't 
know  when  the  world  was  made,  or  how  anyuudy 
could  do  it.  It  must  have  taken  a  long  time.  It 
was  afore  his  time,  "  or  yourn  either,  sir." 
Knew  there  was  a  book  called  the  Bible ;  didn't 
know  what  it  was  about ;  didn't  mind  to  know  ; 
knew  of  such  a  book  to  a  sartinty,  because  a 
young  'oman  took  one  to  pop  (pawn)  for  an  old 
'oman  what  was  on  the  spree — a  bran  new  'un — but 
the  cove  wouldn't  have  it,  and  the  old  'oman  said  he 

might  be  d d.    Never  heer'd  tell  on  the  deluge ; 

of  the  world  having  been  drownded ;  it  couldn't, 
for  there  wasn't  water  enough  to  do  it.  He 
weren't  a  going  to  fret  hisself  for  such  things  as 
that.  Didn't  know  what  happened  to  people  after 
death,  only  that  they  was  buried.  Had  seen  a 
dead  body  laid  out ;  was  a  little  afeared  at  first; 
poor  Dick  looked  so  different,  and  when  you 
touched  his  face,  he  was  so  cold  1  oh,  so  cold  I 
Had  heer'd  on  another  world ;  wouldn't  mind  if 
he  was  there  hisself,  if  he  could  do  better,  for 
things  was  often  queer  here.  Had  heered  on  it 
from  a  tailor — such  a  clever  cove,  a  stunner — as 
went  to  'Straliar  (Australia),  and  heer'd  him  say 
he  was  going  into  another  world.  Had  never 
heer'd  of  France,  tmt  had  heer'd  of  Frenchmen  ; 
there  wasn't  half  a  quarter  so  many  on  'em  as  of 
Italians,  with  their  earrings  like  flash  gals. 
Didn't  dislike  foreigners,  for  he  never  saw  none. 
What  was  they?  Had  heer'd  of  Ireland.  Didn't 
know  where  it  was,  but  it  couldn't  be  very  far, 
or  such  lots  wouldn't  come  from  there  to  London. 
Should  say  they  walked  it,  aye,  every  bit  of  the 
way,  for  he  'd  seen  them  come  in,  all  covered  with 
dust.  Had  heer'd  of  people  going  to  sea,  and  had 
seen  the  ships  in  the  river,  but  didn't  know  nothing 
about  it,  for  lie  was  very  seldom  that  way.  The  sun 
was  made  of  fire,  or  it  wouldn't  make  you  feel  so 
warm.  The  stars  was  fire,  too,  or  they  wouldn't 
shine.  They  didn't  make  it  warm,  they  was  too 
kmall.  Didn't  know  any  use  they  was  of.  Didn't 
know  how  far  they  was  off;  a  jolly  lot  higher  than 
the  gas  lights  some  on  'em  was.  Was  never  in  a 
church;  had  heer'd  they  worshipped  God  there; 
didn't  know  how  it  was  done  ;  had  heer'd  sing- 
ing and  playing  inside  when  he  'd  passed  ;  never 
was  there,  for  he  had'nt  no  togs  to  go  in,  and 
wouldn't  be  let  in  among  such  swells  as  he  had 
seen  coming  out.  Was  a  ignorant  chap,  for  he  'd 
never  been  to  school,  but  was  up  to  many  a  move, 
and  didn't  do  bad.  Mother  said  he  would  make 
his  fortin  yet. 

Had  heer'd  of   the  Duke  of    Wellington;    he 
was  Old  Nosey;  didn't  think  he  ever  seed  him,  ! 
but  had  seed  his  statty.     Hadn't  heer'd  of   the 
battle  of  Waterloo,  nor  who  it  was  atween ;  once 


lived  in  Webber-row,  Waterloo-road.  Thought  h« 
had  heerd  speak  of  Buonaparte;  didn't  know 
what  he  was  ;  thought  he  had  heer'd  of  Shake 
speare,  but  didn't  know  whether  he  was  alivrj  or 
dead,  and  didn't  care.  A  man  with  something  like 
that  name  kept  a  dolly  and  did  stunning;  but  he 
was  sich  a  hard  cove  that  if  he  was  dead  it 
wouldn't  matter.  Had  seen  the  Queen,  but  didn't 
recollec'  her  name  just  at  the  minute ;  oh  !  yes, 
Wictoria  and  Albert.  Had  no  notion  what  the 
Queen  had  to  do.  Should  think  she  hadn't  such 
power  [he  had  first  to  ask  me  what  '  power'  was] 
as  the  Lord  Mayor,  or  as  Mr.  Norton  as  was  the 
Lambeth  beak,  and  perhaps  is  still.  Was  never 
once  before  a  beak  and  didn't  want  to.  Hated 
the  crushers ;  what  business  had  they  to  interfere 
with  him  if  he  was  only  resting  his  basket  in  a 
street  1  Had  been  once  to  the  Wick,  and  once  to 
the  Bower :  liked  tumbling  better ;  he  meant  to 
have  a  little  pleasure  when  the  peas  came  in. 

The  knowledge  and  the  ignorance  of  these  two 
striplings  represent  that  of  street  children  gene- 
rally. Those  who  may  have  run  away  from  a 
!  good  school,  or  a  better  sort  of  home  as  far  as 
means  constitute  such  betterness,  of  course  form 
exceptions.  So  do  the  utterly  stupid. 

The  AluraU,  Religion,  and  Opinions  of  tfa 
I  street-trading  children  are  the  next  topic.     Their 
:  business  morals  have  been  indicated  in  the  course 
of  my  former  statements,  and  in  the  general  tone 
of  the  remarks  and  conversation  of  street-sellers. 

As  traders  their  morals  may  be  lax  enough. 
They  give  short,  weight,  and  they  give  short  mea- 
sure ;  they  prick  tke  juice  out  of  oranges ;  and 
brush  up  old  figs  to  declare  they're  new.  Their 
silk  braces  are  cotton,  their  buck-leather  braces 
are  wash-leather,  their  sponge  is  often  rotten,  and 
their  salves  and  cures  quackeries. 

Speak  to  any  one  of  the  quicker-wilted  street- 
sellers  on  the  subject,  and  though  he  may  be 
unable  to  deny  that  his  brother  traders  are  guilty 
of  these  short-comings,  he  will  justify  them  ail 
by  the  example  of  shopkeepers.  One  man,  espe- 
cially, with  whom  I  have  more  than  once  con- 
versed on  the  subject,  broadly  asserts  that  as  a 
whole  the  streets  are  in  all  matters  of  business 
honester  than  the  shops.  "  It  ain't  we"  runs 
the  purport  of  his  remarks,  "  as  makes  coffee  out 
of  sham  chickory ;  it  ain't  ice  as  makes  cigars  out 
of  rhubarb  leaves;  we  don't  make  duffers  handker- 
chiefs, nor  weave  cotton  things  and  call  them  silk. 
If  we  quacks  a  bit,  does  ice  make  fortins  by  it  as 
shopkeepers  does  with  their  ointments  and  pills  ! 
If  we  give  slang  weights,  how  many  rich  shop- 
keepers is  fined  for  that  there?  And  how  many  's 
never  found  out?  And  when  one  on  'em's  fined, 
why  he  calculates  how  much  he  's  into  \i 
between  what  he  's  made  by  slanging,  and  what 
he  's  been  fined,  and  on  he  goes  again.  He  didn'* 
know  that  there  ever  was  short  weight  given  in 
his  shop :  notfo/  No  more  do  ire  at  mi: 
or  barrows  1  Who  'dulterates  the  beer?  Who 
makes  old  tea-leaves  into  new  ?  Win*  grinds  rice 
among  pepper?  And  as  for  smuggling  but  nobody 
thinks  there's  any  harm  in  buying  MH 
things.  What  we  does  is  like  that  n'ucil  you're 


10 X DON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  ?C<,R. 


J31 


writing  with  to  a  groat  trve,  compared  to  what  the  ) 
rich  people  does.     0,  don't  tell  me,  sir,  a  gentle- 
man like  you  that  sees  so  much  of  what 's  going  on,  I 
must  know  ve  're  better  than  the  shopkeepers  are." 
To  remarks  such   as   these  I  have  nothing'  to 
answer.     It  would   be  idle  to  point  out  to  such 
casuists,  that  the  commission  of  one  wrong  can 
never  justify  another.     The  ignorant  reverse  the  I 
doctrine  of  right,  and  live,  not  by  rule,  but    by 
example.       I      have      unsparingly      exposed      the  j 
rogueries  and  trickeries  of  the  street  people,  and  it 
is  but  fair  that  one  of  them  should  be  heard  in 
explanation,  if   not  in  justification.      The  trade 
ethics  of    the  adult  street-folk  are  also  those  of 
the  juveniles,  so  on  this  subject  I  need  dwell  no 

What  I  have  -aid  of  the  religion  of  the  women 
•  •Hers  applies  with  equal  truth  to  the 
children.  Their  religious  feelings  are  generally 
formed  for  them  by  their  parents,  especially  their 
mothers.  If  the  children  have  no  such  direction, 
then  they  have  no  religion.  I  did  not  question 
the  street-seller  before  quoted  on  this  subject  of 
the  want  of  the  Christian  spirit  among  his  fra- 
ternity, old  or  young,  or  he  would  at  once  have 
asked  me,  in  substance,  to  tell  him  in  what  class 
of  society  the  real  Christian  spirit  was  to  be  found  ? 
As  to  the  opinions  of  the  street  children  I  can 
•ay  little.  For  the  most  part  they  have  formed 
no  opinions  of  anything  beyond  what  affects  their 
daily  struggles  for  bread.  Of  politics  such 
children  can  know  nothing.  If  they  are  any- 
ire  Chartists  in  feeling,  and  are  in 
j  honest  haters  of  the  police  and  of  most 
constituted  authorities,  whom  they  often  confound 
with  the  police  officer.  As  to  their  opinions 
of  the  claims  of  friendship,  and  of  the  duty  of 
assisting  one  another,  I  children  <'••••! 

and  understand  nothing  about  such  matters.     The 
hard  struggles  of  their  lives,  and  the   lit:'.. 
pathy  they  meet  with,  make  them  selfish.     There 
may   be   companionship    among    them,    but    no 

-:iip,  and  this  applies,  I  think,  alike  • 
and  girls.     The  boy's  opinion  of  the  girl  seems  to 
t  the  is  made  to  help  him,  or  to  supply 
gratification  to  his  passions. 

re.   is    yet    a   difficult  inquiry, — as    to   the 

;.»  which  are  formed  by   the  young   females 

reared  to  a  street-life.    I  fear  that  those  opinions  are 

powerfully  swayed  in  favour  of 

chastity,  especially  if  the  street  girl  have  the  quick- 
ness t"  -t  marriage  is  not  much  I 
amon.  •                  merous  body  of  street-folk.  If  she 
have  not  the  quicknens  to  understand  this,  then  her 
ignorance  is  in  iuelf  most  dangerous  to  her  virtue. 
f  She  may  he  •  ssions  of  an  opin 
Mirch  to  be  wed"  is  only  to  put 
:<•  clergyman's,  or  as  these  people  s*y  the 
"  parson's,"  pocket.     Without  the  watch 
of  the  mother,  the  poor  girl  may  form  ao  illicit 

>  ith  little  or  no  knowledge  th 
wrong;  and  perhaps  a  kind  .- 
r  may  be  herself  but  a  conm 

*pect  for  a  ceremony  the  did  not  scruple  to 
dUpenie  with.  To  »uch  opinions,  however,  the 
Irish  furnish  the  excep 


The  Dwelling-places  of  th*  &wt-fAi!dren  are 
in  the  same  localities  as  I  specified  regarding  the 
women.  Those  who  reside  with  their  parents  or 
employers  sleep  usually  in  the  same  room  with 
them,  and  sometimes  in  the  same  bed.  Nearly 
the  whole  of  those,  however,  who  support  them- 
selves by  street-trade  live,  or  rather  sleep,  in  the 
lodging-houses.  It  is  the  same  with  those  who  live 
t-vajrancy  or  begging,  or  by  street-theft ; 
and  for  this  la/.y  or  dishonest  class  of  children 
the  worst  description  of  lodging-houses  have-  the 
strongest  attractions,  as  they  meet  continually  with 
"  tramps  "  from  the  country,  and  keep  up  a  con- 
stant current  of  scheming  and  excitement. 

It  seems  somewhat  curious  that,  considering  the 
filth  and  noisomeness  of  some  of  these  lodging- 
houses,  the  children  who  are  inmates  suffer  only 
the  average  extent  of  sickness  and  mortality  com- 
mon to  the  districts  crammed  with  the  poor.  IVr- 
haps  it  may  be  accounted  for  by  the  circumstance 
of  their  being  early  risers,  and  their  being  in  the 
open  air  all  day,  so  that  they  are  fatigued  at  the 
close  of  the  day,  and  their  sleep  is  deep  and  un- 
broken. I  was  assured  by  a  well-ed netted  man, 
who  was  compelled  to  resort  to  such  places,  that 
he  has  seen  children  sleep  most  profoundly  in  a 
lodging-house  throughout  a  loud  and  long-continued 
disturbance.  Many  street-children  who  are  either 
"alone  in  the  world,"  or  afraid  to  return  home 
after  a  bad  day's  sale,  sleep  in  the  markets  or 
under  the  dry  arches. 

There  are  many  other  lads  who,  being  unable 
to  pay  the  Id.,  2d.,  or  Srf.  demanded,  in  pre- 
payment, by  the  lodging-house  keepers,  pass  the 
night  in  the  streets,  wherever  shelter  may  be 
attainable.  The  number  of  outcast  boys  and  girls 
who  sleep  in  and  about  the  purlieus  of  < 
Garden-market  each  night,  especially  during  the 
summer  months,  has  been  computed  variously,  and 
no  doubt  differs  according  to  circumstances  ;  but 
those  with  whom  I  have  spoken  upon  the  sub- 
ject, and  who  of  all  others  are  most  likely  to 
know,  consider  the  average  to  be  upwards  of 
200. 

The   Diet   o/   the    ttreei-ckildren,   is    in    some 
cases  an  alternation  of  surfeit  and  inanitior 
especially  that  of    the  stripling  who  is  "  on   hit 

k."      It  in 

a  boy  will  gorge  himself  with  such  <i  m  ties  as  he 
loves  ;  if  he  earn  no  money,  he  will    fast  all  day 
i.king    profn 
that   a    little  while 
before  I  saw  him  a  lad 

Mimed  a  shilling  worth    of  cukes  and  pastry,  as 

he  had  got  a  shill  :.  b««  it 

understood,  by  the  exercise  of  any  musical  skill, 

the  initiated,  means  the 

performing  of  aur  odd 

j.,u 

Of  iaet«  cftkea  and  pastry— me  cake* 
from  two  to  twelve  a  penny,  and  the  pnstxy,  urts, 
and  "  Covetitrys  "  (thru  cornered  tarts)  two  .> 
— the  street-urchins  are  very  f 


..,::.,!  t  ,  ;   mim  M  r.T,.n,m,.,  d.it;..n  rithrr  to  ll.e 

DOM  or   the  palate.     The  "  strong "   flavour  of 


532 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


these  preparations  is  in  all  probability  as  grateful 
to  the  palate  of  an  itinerant  youth,  aa  is  the  high 
gout  of  the  grouse  or  the  woodcock  to  the  fashion- 
able epicure.  In  this  respect,  as  in  others  which 
I  hare  pointed  o»t,  the  "  extremes  "  of  society 
"  meet." 

These  remarks  apply  far  more  to  the  male  than 
to  the  female  children.  Some  of  the  street-boys 
will  walk  a  considerable  distance,  when  they  are 
in  funds,  to  buy  pastry  of  the  Jew-boys  in  the 
Minories,  Houndsditch,  and  Whitechapel ;  those 
keen  traders  being  reputed,  and  no  doubt  with 
truth,  to  supply  the  best  cakes  and  pastry  of  any. 

A  more  staple  article  of  diet,  which  yet  partakes 
of  the  character  of  a  dainty,  is  in  great  demand  by 
the  class  I  treat  of — pudding.  A  halfpenny  or 
a  penny-worth  of  baked  plum,  boiled  plum  (or 
plum  dough),  currant  or  plum  batter  (batter- 
pudding  studded  with  raisins),  is  often  a  dinner. 
This  pudding  is  almost  always  bought  in  the  shops ; 
indeed,  in  a  street  apparatus  there  could  hardly 
be  the  necessary  heat  diffused  over  the  surface 
required ;  and  as  I  have  told  of  a  distance  being 
travelled  to  buy  pastry  of  the  Jew-boys,  so  is  it 
traversed  to  buy  pudding  at  the  best  shops.  The 
proprietor  of  one  of  those  shops,  upon  whom  I 
called  to  make  inquiries,  told  me  that  he  sold 
about  300  pennyworths  of  pudding  in  a  day.  Two- 
thirds  of  this  quantity  he  sold  to  juveniles 
under  fifteen  years  of  age  ;  but  he  hadn't  no- 
ticed particularly,  and  so  could  only  guess.  This 
man,  when  he  understood  the  object  of  my 
inquiry,  insisted  upon  my  tasting  his  "  batter," 
which  really  was  very  good,  and  tasted — I  do  not 
know  how  otherwise  to  describe  it — honest.  His 
profits  were  not  large,  he  said,  and  judging  from 
the  size  and  quality  of  his  oblong  halfpenny  and 
pennyworth's  of  batter  pudding,  I  have  no  doubt 
ne  stated  the  fact.  "  There 's  many  a  poor  man 
and  woman,"  he  said,  "  aye,  sir,  and  some  that 
you  would  think  from  their  appearance  might  go 
to  an  eating-house  to  dine,  make  a  meal  off  my 
pudding,  as  well  as  the  street  litt.'/  ones.  The 
boys  are  often  tiresome  :  '  Master,'  they  '11  say, 
'  can't  you  give  us  a  plummier  bit  than  this  T  or, 
'  Is  it  just  up  1  I  likes  it  'ot,  all  'ot.'" 

The  "baked  tatur,"  from  the  street-dealer's  can 
more  frequently  than  from  the  shops,  is  another 
enjoyable  portion  of  the  street  child's  diet.  Of 
the  sale  to  the  juvenile  population  of  pickled 
whelks,  stewed  eels,  oysters,  boiled  meat  puddings, 
and  other  articles  of  street  traffic,  I  have  spoken 
under  their  respective  heads. 

The  Irish  children  who  live  with  their  parents 
fare  as  the  parents  fare.  If  very  poor,  or  if  bent 
upon  saving  for  some  purpose,  their  diet  is  tea  and 
bread  and  butter,  or  bread  without  butter.  If  not 
BO  very  poor,  still  tea,  &c.,  but  sometimes  with  a 
little  fish,  and  sometimes  with  a  piece  of  meat  on 
Sundays  ;  but  the  Sunday's  meat  is  more  common 
among  the  poor  English  than  the  poor  Irish  street- 
traders;  indeed  the  English  street- sellers  generally 
"  live  better"  than  the  Irish.  The  coster-boys 
often  fare  well  and  abundantly. 

The  children  living  in  the  lodging-houses,  I 
am  informed,  generally,  partake  only  of  such 


meals  as  they  can  procure  abroad.  Sometimes  of 
a  night  they  may  partake  of  the  cheap  beef  or 
mutton,  purveyed  by  some  inmate  who  has  been 
"lifting  flesh"  (stealing  meat)  or  "sawney" 
(bacon).  Vegetables,  excepting  the  baked  potato, 
they  rarely  taste.  Of  animal  food,  perhaps,  they 
partake  more  of  bacon,  and  relish  it  the  most. 

Drinking  is  not,  from  what  I  can  learn,  common 
among  the  street  boys.  The  thieves  are  generally 
sober  fellows,  and  of  the  others,  when  they  are 
"in  luck,"  a  half-pint  of  beer,  to  relish  the  bread 
and  saveloy  of  the  dinner,  and  a  pennyworth  of 
gin  "  to  keep  the  cold  out,"  are  often  the  extent 
of  the  potations.  The  exceptions  are  among  the 
ignorant  coster-lads,  who  when  they  have  been 
prosperous  in  their  "  bunse,"  drink,  and  ape  the 
vices  of  men.  The  girls,  I  am  told,  are  generally 
fonder  of  gin  than  the  boys.  Elderwine  and 
gingerbeer  are  leas  popular  among  children  than 
they  used  to  be.  Many  of  the  lads  smoke. 

The  Amiuements  of  the  street-children  are  such 
as  I  have  described  in  my  account  of  the  coster- 
mongers,  but  in  a  moderate  degree,  as  those  who 
partake  with  the  greatest  zest  of  such  amusements 
as  the  Penny  Gaff  (penny  theatre)  and  the  Two- 
penny Hop  (dance)  are  more  advanced  in  years. 
Many  of  the  Penny  (Jaffa,  however,  since  I  last 
wrote  on  the  subject,  have  been  suppressed,  and 
the  Twopenny  Hops  are  not  half  so  frequent  as 
they  were  five  or  six  years  back.  The  Jew-boys 
of  the  streets  play  at  draughts  or  dominoes  in 
coffee-shops  which  they  frequent;  in  one  in  the 
London-road  at  which  I  had  occasion  to  call  were 
eight  of  these  urchins  thus  occupied;  and  they 
play  for  money  or  its  equivalent,  but  these 
sedentary  games  obtain  little  among  the  other  and 
more  restless  street-lads.  I  believe  that  not  one- 
half  of  them  "know  the  cards,"  but  they  are  fond 
of  gambling  at  pitch  and  toss,  for  halfpennies  or 
farthings. 

The  Clothing  of  the  street-children,  however 
it  may  vary  in  texture,  fashion,  and  colour,  has 
one  pervading  characteristic — it  is  never  made 
for  the  wearers.  The  exceptions  to  this  rule 
seem  to  be  those,  when  a  child  has  run  away  and 
retains,  through  good  fortune  or  natural  acutenesa, 
the  superior  attire  he  wore  before  he  made  the 
choice — if  choice  he  had — of  a  street  life;  and 
where  the  pride  of  a  mother  whose  costermonger 
husband  is  "getting  on,"  clothes  little  Jack  or 
Bill  in  a  new  Sunday  suit.  Even  then  the  suit 
is  more  likely  to  be  bought  ready-made  than 
"  made  to  measure,"  nor  is  it  worn  in  business 
hours  until  the  gloss  of  novelty  has  departed. 

The  boys  and  girls  wear  every  variety  of  cloth- 
ing; it  is  often  begged,  but  if  bought  is  bought 
from  the  fusty  stocks  of  old  clothes  in  Petticoat 
and  Rosemary-lanes.  These  rags  are  worn  by  the 
children  as  long  as  they  will  hold,  or  can  be  tied 
or  pinned  together,  and  when  they  drop  off  from 
continued  wear,  from  dirt,  and  from  the  ravages 
of  vermin,  the  child  sets  his  wits  to  work  to 
procure  more.  One  mode  of  obtaining  a  fresh 
mpply  is  far  less  available  than  it  was  three  or 
"our  years  back.  This  was  for  the  lads  to  denude 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


JHi:  LONDON 


No.  35. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUb  LONDON  POOR. 


533 


themselves  of  their  rags,  and  tearing  them  up  in 
the  casual-ward  of  a  workhouse,  as  it  were  com- 
pel the  parish -officers  to  provide  them  with  fresh 
apparel. 

This  mode  may  be  successful  in  parts  of  the 
country  still,  but  it  is  not  so,  or  to  a  very  limited 
extent,  in  town.  The  largest,  and  what  was  ac- 
counted by  the  vagrants  the  most  liberal,  of  all 
the  casual  wards  of  the  metropolitan  workhouses, 
that  »f  Marylebone,  has  been  closed  above  two 
So  numerous  were  the  applicants  for  ad- 
mission, and  so  popular  among  the  vagrants  was 
Marylebone  workhouse,  that  a  fever  resulted,  and 
attacked  that  large  establishment.  It  was  not 
uncommon  for  the  Irish  who  trudged  up  from 
Liverpool,  to  be  advised  by  some  London  vagrant 
whom  they  met,  to  go  at  once,  when  they  reached 
the  Capital,  to  Marylebone  workhouse,  and  that 
the  Irisntnan  might  not  forget  a  name  that  was 
new  to  him,  his  friendly  adviser  would  write  it 
down  for  him,  and  a  troop  of  poor  wretched  Irish 
children,  with  parents  as  wretched,  would  go  to 
Marylebone  workhouse,  and  in  their  ignorance  or 
simplicity,  present  the  address  which  had  been 
given  to  them,  as  if  it  were  a  regular  order  for 
admission  !  Boys  have  sometimes  committed  of- 
fences that  they  might  get  into  prison,  and  as 
they  contrived  that  their  apparel  should  be  unfit 
for  purposes  of  decency,  or  perhaps  their  rags  had 
become  unfit  to  wear,  they  could  not  be  sent 
naked  into  the  streets  again,  and  so  had  clothing 
given  to  them.  A  shirt  will  be  worn  by  one  of 
those  wretched  urchins,  without  washing,  until  it 
falls  asunder,  and  many  have  no  shirts.  The 
girls  are  on  the  whole  less  ragged  than  the  boys, 
the  most  disgusting  parts  of  their  persons  or  ap- 
parel — I  speak  here  more  of  the  vagrant  or  the 
mixed  vagrant  trading  and  selling  girl  (often  a 
child  prostitute)  than  of  the  regular  street-seller — 
the  worst  particular  of  these  girls'  appearance,  I 
repeat,  is  in  their  foul  and  matted  hair,  which 
looks  as  if  it  would  defy  sponge,  comb,  and  brush 
to  purify  it,  and  in  the  broken  and  filthy  boots 
and  stockings,  which  they  seem  never  to  button  or 
to  garter. 

The  Propensities  of  the  street-children  are 
the  last  division  of  my  inquiry,  and  an  ample 
field  is  presented,  alike  for  wonder,  disgust,  j.ity, 
hope,  and  regret. 

ips  the  most  remarkable  characteristic  of 
these  wretched  children  is  their  extraordinary 
licentiousness.  Nothing  can  well  exceed  the  ex- 
treme animal  fondness  for  the  opposite  sex  which 
prevails  amongst  them;  some  rather  singular 
circumstances  connected  with  this  subject  have 
•one  to  my  knowledge,  and  from  these  facts  it 
would  appear  that  the  age  of  puberty,  or  some- 
thing closely  resembling  it,  may  be  attained  at  a 
much  less  numerical  amount  of  years  than  that  at 
which  most  writers  upon  the  human  species  have 
hitherto  fixed  it.  Probably  such  circumstances  as 
.miscuous  sleeping  together  of  both  sexes, 
the  example  of  the  older  persons  indulging  in  the 
groMSSt  immorality  in  the  presence  of  the  young, 
and  the  use  of  obscene  expressions,  may  lead  to 


produce  or  force  an  unnatural  precocity,  a  pre- 
cocity sure  to  undermine  health  and  shorten  life 
Jealousy  is  another  characteristic  of  these  children, 
and  perhaps  less  among  the  girls  than  the  boys. 
Upon  the  most  trivial  offence  in  this  respect,  oi 
on  the  suspicion  of  an  offence,  the  "gals"  are 
sure  to  be  beaten  cruelly  and  savagely  by  their 
"  chaps."  This  appears  to  be  a  very  common  case. 

The  details  of  filthiness  and  of  all  uncleanness 
which  I  gave  in  a  recent  number  as  things  of 
course  in  certain  lodging-houses,  render  it  unne- 
cessary to  dwell  longer  upon  the  subject,  and 
it  is  one  from  which  I  willingly  turn  to  other 
matters. 

In  addition  to  the  licentious,  the  vagabond  pro- 
pensities of  this  class  are  very  striking.  As  soon 
as  the  warm  weather  commences,  boys  and  girls, 
but  more  especially  boys,  leave  the  town  in  shoals, 
traversing  the  country  in  every  direction;  some 
furnished  with  trifling  articles  (such  as  I  have 
already  enumerated)  to  sell,  and  others  to  beg- 
ging, lurking,  or  thieving.  It  is  not  the  street- 
sellers  who  so  much  resort  to  the  tramp,  as  those 
who  are  devoid  of  the  commonest  notions  of 
honesty ;  a  quality  these  young  vagrants  some- 
times respect  when  in  fear  of  a  gaol,  and  the 
hard  work  with  which  such  a  place  is  identified 
in  their  minds — and  to  which,  with  the  peculiar 
idiosyncrasy  of  a  roving  race,  they  have  an  insu- 
perable objection. 

I  have  met  with  boys  and  girls,  how. 
whom  a  gaol  had  no  terrors,  and  to  whom,  when 
in  prison,  there  was  only  one  dread,  and  that  a 
common  one  among  the  ignorant,  whether  with  or 
without  any  sense  of  religion — superstition.  "  I 
lay  in  prison  of  a  night,  sir,"  said  a  boy  who  was 
generally  among  the  briskest  of  his  class,  ''and 
think  I  shall  see  things."  The  "  things"  repre- 
sent the  vague  fears  which  many,  not  naturally 
stupid,  but  untaught  or  ill-taught  persons,  enter- 
tain in  the  dark.  A  girl,  a  perfect  termagant  in 
the  breaking  of  windows  and  such 
told  me  something  of  the  same  kind.  She  spoke 
well  of  the  treatment  she  experienced  in  pri.vtn, 
and  seemed  to  have  a  liking  for  the  matron  and 
officials;  herconduct  there  was  <;i.  •;••  •ctful. 

I  believe  she  was  not  addicted  to  drink. 

Many  of  the  girls,  as  well  as  the  boys,  of  course 
trade  as  they  "  tramp."  They  often  sell,  both  in 
tlie  country  and  in  town,  little  necklaces,  com- 
posed of  red  berries  strung  together  upon  thick 
thread,  for  dulls  and  chiMren  :  but  although  I 
have  asked  several  of  them,  I  have  never  yet 
found  one  who  collected  the  berries  and  made  the 
necklaces  themselves  ;  neither  have  1  met  with  a 
single  instance  in  which  the  girl  vendors  knew 
the  name  of  the  berries  thus  used,  nor  indeed 
even  that  they  vert  berr 
ply  to  my  questions  upon  this  point  has  been  that 

are  called  necklaces;"  that  "  they  « 
as  they  sells  'em  to  us  ;"  that  -.  know 

whether  they  are  made  or  *  heth.-r  • 
and  in  most  oases,  that  they  "  gets  then  : 
don,  by  Shoroditch  ;"  although  to  one  case  a  little 
brown-complexioned    girl,   with   bright  sparkling 
•yes,  said  that  "she  got  then  from  the  gipsies." 


636 


LONDON  LALOUts  AND  TUE  LONDON 


At  first  I  fancied,  from  this  child's  appearance, 
that  she  was  rather  superior  in  intellect  to  most 
of  her  class  ;  but  I  soon  found  that  she  was  not  a 
whit  above  the  others,  unless,  indeed,  it  were  in 
the  possession  of  the  quality  of  cunning. 

Some  of  the  boys,  on  their  country  excursions, 
trade  in  dominoes.  They  carry  a  variety  of 
boxes,  each  differing  in  size  and  varying  accord- 
ingly in  price :  the  lowest-priced  boxes  are 
mostly  Qd.  each  (sometimes  4rf.,  or  even  3rf.),  the 
highest  Is.  An  informant  told  me  that  these 
boxes  are  charged  to  him  at  the  rate  of  20  to  25 
pei  cent,  less  ;  but  if,  as  is  commonly  the  case,  he 
could  take  a  number  at  a  time,  he  would  have 
them  at  a  smaller  price  still.  Thsy  are  very 
rudely  made,  and  soon  fall  to  pieces,  unless 
handled  with  extreme  care.  Most  of  the  boys 
who  vend  this  article  play  at  the  game  them- 
selves, and  some  with  skill  ;  but  in  every  case, 
I  believe,  there  is  a  willingness  to  cheat,  or 
take  advantage,  which  is  hardly  disguised  ;  one 
boy  told  me  candidly  that  those  who  make  the 
most  money  are  considered  to  be  the  cleverest, 
whether  by  selling  or  cheating,  or  both,  at  the 
game  ;  nor  can  it  be  said  that  this  estimation  of 
cleverness  is  peculiar  to  these  children. 

At  this  season  of  the  year  great  numbers  of  the 
street-children  attend  the  races  in  different  parts 
of  the  country,  more  especially  at  those  in  the 
vicinity  of  a  large  town.  The  race-course  of  Wolver- 
hainptun,  for  instance,  is  usually  thronged  with 
them  during  the  period  of  the  sport.  While  taking 
these  perigrinations  they  sometimes  sleep  in  the 
low  lodging-houses  with  which  most  of  our  pro- 
vincial towns  abound  :  frequently  "  skipper  it  "  in 
the  open  air,  when  the  weather  is  fine  and  warm, 
ami  occasionally  in  barns  or  outhouses  attached  to 
f'.irms  and  cottages.  Sometime*  they  travel  in 
couples — a  boy  and  a  girl,  or  two  boys  or  two 
uirls  ;  but  the  latter  is  not  so  common  a  case  as 
either  of  the  former.  It  is  rare  that  more  than 
two  may  be  met  in  company  with  each  other, 
except,  indeed,  of  a  night,  and  then  they  usually 
herd  together  in  numbers.  The  boys  who  carry 
dominoes  sometimes,  also,  have  a  sheet  of  paper 
t"i'  .»:il,  on  which  is  rudely  printed  a  representa- 
tion of  a  draught-board  and  men — the  latter  of 
which  are  of  two  colours  (black  and  white)  and 
may  be  cut  out  with  a  pair  of  scissors  ;  thus  form- 
ing a  readv  means  of  playing  a  game  so  popular 
in  rustic  places.  These  sheets  of  paper  are  sold 
(if  no  more  can  be  got  for  them)  at  a  penny  each. 
The  boy  who  showed  them  to  me  said  he  gave 
a  halfpenny  a  piece  for  them,  or  Qd.  for  fifteen. 
He  said  he  always  bought  them  in  London,  and 
that  he  did  not  know  any  other  place  to  get  them 
at,  nor  had  "  ever  heard  any  talk  of  their  being 
bought  nowhere  else." 

The  extraordinary  lasciviousness  of  this  class 
which  I  have  already  mentioned,  appears  to  con- 
tinue to  mark  their  character  during  their  vaga- 
bondizing career  in  the  country  as  fully  as  in 
town ;  indeed,  an  informant,  upon  whom  I  think 
I  may  rely,  says,  that  the  nightly  scenes  of  youth- 
ful or  even  childish  profligacy  in  the  low  lodging- 
bouses  of  the  small  provincial  towns  quite  equal 


— even  if  they  do  not  exceed— those  which  may 
be  witnessed  in  the  metropolis  itself.  Towardi 
the  approach  of  winter  these  children  (like  the 
vagrants  of  an  older  growth)  advance  towards 
London ;  some  remain  in  the  larger  towns,  such  aa 
Liverpool,  Manchester,  Birmingham,  Sheffield, 
£c.,  but  the  greater  proportion  appear  to  return 
to  the  metropolis,  where  they  resume  the  life  they 
had  previously  led,  anything  but  improved  in 
education,  morals,  manners,  or  social  position 
generally,  by  their  summer's  excursion. 

The  language  spoken  by  .this  rambling  class  is 
peculiar  in  its  construction  :  it  consists  of  an  odd 
medley  of  cockneyfied  English,  rude  provincial- 
isms, and  a  large  proportion  of  the  slang  commonly 
used  by  gipsies  and  other  "  travellers,"  in  con- 
veying their  ideas  to  those  whom  they  wish  to 
purchase  their  commodities. 

Among  the  propensities  of  the  street-boys  I  do 
not  think  that  pugnacity,  or  a  fondness,  or  even  a 
great  readiness,  for  righting,  is  a  predominant 
element.  Gambling  and  thieving  may  be  rife 
among  a  class  of  these  poor  wretches  ;  and  it  may 
not  unfrequently  happen  that  force  is  resortc  >1  to 
by  one  boy  bigger  than  another  to  obtain  the 
halfpence  of  which  the  smaller  child  is  known  to 
be  possessed.  Thus  quarrels  among  them  are  v e in- 
frequent, but  they  rarely  lead  to  fighting.  K\en 
in  the  full  swing  and  fury  of  their  jealousy,  it 
does  not  appear  that  these  boys  attack  the  object 
of  their  suspicions,  but  prefer  the  less  hazardous 
course  of  chastising  the  delinquent  or  unjustly 
suspected  girl.  The  girls  in  the  low  lodginjr- 
houses,  I  was  told  a  little  time  since,  by  a  woman 
who  used  to  frequent  them,  sometimes,  not  often, 
scratched  one  another  until  the  two  had  bloody 
faces ;  and  they  tried  to  bite  one  another 
now  and  then,  but  they  seldom  fought.  What 
was  this  poor  woman's  notion  of  a  fight  betweei 
two  girls,  it  may  not  be  very  easy  to  comprehend. 

The  number  of  children  out  daily  in  the  street* 
of  London,  employed  in  the  various  occupations  J 
have  named,  together  with  others  which  ma) 
possibly  have  been  overlooked — including  those 
who  beg  without  offering  any  article  for  sale — 
those  who  will  work  as  light  porters,  as  errand 
boys  and  the  like,  for  chance  passengers,  has  been 
variously  calculated ;  probably  nothing  like  exact- 
itude can  be  hoped  for,  much  less  expected,  in 
such  a  speculation,  for  when  a  government  census 
has  been  so  frequently  found  to  fail  in  correctness 
of  detail,  it  appears  highly  improbable  that  the 
number  of  those  so  uncertain  in  their  places  of 
resort  and  so  migratory  in  their  habits,  can  be 
ascertained  with  anything  like  a  definite  amount 
of  certainty  by  a  private  individual.  Taking  the 
returns  of  accommodation  afforded  to  these  children 
n  the  casual  wards  of  workhouses,  refuges  for  the 
destitute  and  homeless  poor:  of  the  mendicity  and 
other  societies  of  a  similar  description,  and  those 
of  our  hospitals  and  gaols, — and  these  sources  of 
nformation  upon  this  subject  can  alone  be  confi- 
dently relied  upon, — and  then  taking  into  the 
calculation  the  additional  numbers,  who  pa<>*  tiie 
night  in  the  variety  of  ways  I  have  already 
enumerated,  I  think  it  will  be  found  that  th« 


LONDON 


AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


537 


number  of  boys  and  girls  selling  in  the  streets  of 
this  city,  and  often  dependent  upon  their  own 
exertions  for  the  commonest  necessaries  of  life, 
may  be  estimated  at  some  thousands,  but  nearer 
10,000  than  20,000. 

The  consideration  which  I  have  devoted  to  this 
branch  of  my  subject  ha*  been  considerable,  but 
still  not,  in  my  own  opinion,  commensurate  to  the 
importance  of  its  nature.  Steps  ought  most  un- 
questionably to  be  taken  to  palliate  the  evils  and 
miseries  I  have  pointed  out,  even  if  a  positive 
remedy  be  indeed  impossible. 

Each  year  sees  an  increase  of  the  numbers  of 
street-children  to  a  very  considerable  extent,  and 
the  exact  nature  of  their  position  may  be  thus 
briefly  depicted  :  what  little  information  they 
receive  is  obtained  from  the  worst  class — from 
cheats,  vagabonds,  and  rogues  ;  what  little  at. .•<!.<•- 
they  indulge  in,  springs  from  sources  the 
ni"-t  poisonous — the  most  fatal  to  happiness  and 
welfare;  what  little  they  know  of  a  home  is  neces- 
sarily associated  with  much  that  is  vile  and  base  ; 
their  very  means  of  existence,  uncertain  and  pre- 
carious as  it  is,  is  to  a  great  extent  identified  with 
petty  chicanery,  which  is  quickly  communicated  bv 
the  other  ;  while  their  physical  sufferings 
tr  -m  cold,  hunger,  exposure  to  the  weather,  and 
other  causes  of  a  similar  nature,  are  constant,  and 
at  times  extremely  severe.  Thus  every  means  by 
which  a  proper  intelligence  may  be  conveyed  to 
their  minds  is  either  closed  or  at  the  least  tainted, 
while  every  duct  by  which  a  bad  description  of 
knowledge  may  be  infused  is  sedulously  cultivated 
and  enlarged.  Parental  instruction  ;  the  comforts 
of  a  home,  however  humble — the  great  moral 
truths  upon  which  society  itself  rests; — the  influ- 
ence of  proper  example  ;  the  power  of  education  ; 
the  effect  of  useful  amusement ;  are  all  denied  to 
them,  or  come  to  them  so  greatly  vitiated,  that 
they  rather  tend  to  increase,  than  to  repress,  the 
very  evils  they  were  intended  to  remedy. 

The  costers  invariably  say  that  no  persons  under 

the  age  of  fifteen  shi/uld  be  allowed  by  law  to  vend 

articles  in   the  streets  ;  the  reason  they  give  for 

this  is — that  the  children  under  that  period  of  life 

-.  and   requiring   less  money  to 

lire  than  those  who  are  older,  will  sell  at  a   less 

profit  than  it  is  fair  to  expect  the  articles  sold  should 

and  thus  they  tersely  conclude,  "  they  per- 

vents  others  living,  and  ruins  theirselves." 

There  probably  is  truth  in  this  remark,  and  I 
must  confess  that,   for  the  sake   «f   the  children 
themselves,    I   should   have  no  objection  to  see 
the  suggestion  acted  upon  ;  and  yet 
diately  rites  the  plain  yet  »u  >n — in 

'•ase,  what  is  to  become  of  the  cliil-i 

cite  the  histories  of  Btrcet-la<l»  belonging 
to  the  several  clauses  above  specified,  M  i 

t    th>-  truth   of  the   statement*  advanced 
••:••  children  street-sellers  generally. 

Or  CHILDRBN  SENT  OUT  AS  STUWT-SELLSRS  BY 

in  MR  PARJWTU. 
it-.yn  and  girls  who  are  sent  <  < 
the  iitrreu  by  parents  who  are  themselves  street- 
traders,  I  need  say  but  little  under  this  bead.     I 


have  spoken  of  them,  and  given  »/>me  of  their  state* 
menu  in  other  divisions  of  this  work  (see  the 
accounts  of  the  coster  boys  and  girls).  When,  as 
is  the  case  with  many  of  the  costermon^ers,  and 
with  the  Irish  fruit-sellers,  the  parents  and 
children  follow  the  same  calling,  they  form  one 
household,  and  work,  as  it  were, "into one  another's 
hands."  The  father  can  buy  a  larger,  and  con- 
sequently a  cheaper  quantity,  when  he  can  avail 
himself  of  a  subdivision  of  labour  as  inexpensive 
as  that  of  his  own  family — whom  he  must  main 
tain  whether  employed  or  unemployed — in  order 
to  vend  such  extra  quantity.  I  have  already 
noticed  that  in  some  families  (as  is  common  \\ith 
rude  tribes)  costermongering  seems  an  hereditary 
pursuit,  and  the  frequent  and  constant  employ- 
ment  of  children  in  street  traffic  is  one  reason  why 
this  hereditary  pursuit  is  perpetuated,  for  street 
commerce  is  thus  at  a  very  early  a^1  n.ade  part 
and  parcel  of  the  young  coster's  exi>tenc;,  and  he 
very  probably  acquires  a  distaste  fur  any  other 
occupation,  which  may  entail  inure  of  n-.-t.-nint 
and  irksomenest.  It  is  very  rarely  that  a  CO.-I<T- 
monger  apprentices  his  son  to  any  handicraft  busi- 
ness, although  a  daughter  may  sometimes  lie  placed 
in  domestic  service.  The  child  is  usually  ''sent 
out  to  sell." 

There  is  another  class  of  children  who  are  "sent 
out"  as  are  the  children  of  the  costers,  and  some- 
times with  the  same  cheap  and  readily  attained 
articles — oranges  and  lemons,  nuts,  cheMnut*, 
onions,  salt  (or  fresh)  herrings,  winks,  or  shrimps, 
and,  more  rarely,  with  water-cresses  or  cut-flowers. 
Sometimes  the  young  vendors  offer  small  wares — 
leather  boot-laces,  coat-studs,  steel  pens,  or  Mich 
like.  These  are  often  the  children,  not  <>t 
sales  people,  but  of  persons  in  a  measure  connect  d 
with  a  street  life,  or  some  open-air  pursuit ;  the 
children  of"  cabmen  deprived  of  their  licences,  or  of 
the  hangers-on  of  cabmen  ;  of  the  "supers"  (.super- 
numeraries) of  the  theatres  who  have  irregular  or 
no  employment,  or,  as  they  would  call  it. 
gagemeiu,  '  with  the  unhappy  con.-equence  «.f  irre- 
gular or  no  "  salary  :"  the  children,  a^ain,  of  Mivet 
performers,  or  Ethiopians,  or  *«treet  imiMi  lans, 
are  "sen:  otu  to  sell,"  as  well  as  those  of  the 

lass  of  labourers  cnnmvted  with  the    river 
— ballast-heavers,  lumpers,  &c. ;  of  (Iri>h> 

l.tt)»urem    and     pavmurs'    nsMstants ;     of 
market-porters  and  dock-labourers;  ««f 
out    of  work,    and  of   the  helpers  at  co.il  wharf-. 
and    at    the  «t;,.-r  wh.irfs;   of    the   Hillingsgmte 
"  roughs  ;"  and  of  t'  ..^e«  of  the 

.•  r  tiian    the  arti>.in  poor,  who*.-  .-.i 
are  uncertain,  or  insufficient.  «. 

With  such  classes  M  these  (und  more  esp  < 

with    the  Irish),  as  soon  as  Pat  <>r  liiddy  m  l.i^ 
enough  to  carry  a  basket,  and  is  of    Midi 
ripened  intellect  to  understand 

to  a  shilling,  he  or  she 
m  tut  tin  something  "  to  help."  nnd    that  nomethiiig 

isgener  Met*     poor 

who  made  a  scanty  living  m  worknu-  <>n  .  »n,  sacks 

ai,  i  I'.i^'i      ti'-r  mlirin.ti.',  M.nu'ti  i,r»  jirr\i-nl:ni;  lier 

at  all — sent  out  three  child: 


538 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


er  separately,  to  sell  lucifer-matches  or  small 
wares.  "  Tkey  like  it,"  she  said,  "  and  always 
want  to  be  off  into  the  streets;  and  when  ray 
husband  (a  labourer)  was  ill  in  the  hospital,  the 
few  pence  they  brought  in  was  very  useful ;  but 
now  he  '•  well  and  at  work  again  and  we  want  to 
send  the  eldest — she  's  nine — to  school ;  but  they 
all  will  go  out  to  sell  if  they  can  get  hold  of  any 
ttocL  1  would  never  have  sent  them  at  all  if  I 
could  have  helped  it,  but  if  they  made  6d.  a  day 
among  the  three  of  them,  perhaps  it  saved  their 
lives  when  things  were  at  the  worst."  If  a  poor 
woman,  as  in  this  instance,  has  not  been  used  to 
street-selling  herself,  there  is  always  some  neigh- 
bour to  advise  her  what  to  purchase  for  her 
children's  hawking,  and  instruct  her  where. 

From  one  little  girl  I  had  the  following  account. 
She  was  then  selling  boot-laces  and  offered  them 
most  perse veringly.  She  was  turned  nine,  she 
said,  and  had  sold  things  in  the  streets  for  two 
years  past,  but  not  regularly.  The  father  got  his 
living  in  the  streets  by  "  playing ;"  she  seemed 
reluctant  to  talk  about  his  avocation,  but  I  found 
that  he  was  sometimes  a  street-musician,  or  street- 
performer,  and  sometimes  sung  or  recited  in  public 
houses,  and  having  "  seen  better  days,"  had  it 
appears  communicated  some  feeling  of  dislike  for 
his  present  pursuits  to  his  daughter,  so  that  I  dis- 
continued any  allusion  to  the  subject.  The  mother 
earned  2s.  or  2$.  6d.  weekly,  in  shoe-binding,  when 
•he  had  employment,  which  was  three  weeks  out 
of  four,  and  a  son  of  thirteen  earned  what  was 
sufficient  to  maintain  him  as  an  (occasional) 
assistant  in  a  wholesale  pottery,  or  rather  pot- 
shop. 

"It's  in  the  winter,  sir,  when  things  are  far 
worst  with  us.  Father  can  make  very  little  then 
— but  I  don't  know  what  he  earns  exactly  at  any 
time — and  though  mother  has  more  work  then, 
there  's  fire  and  candle  to  pay  for.  We  were  very 
badly  off  last  winter,  and  worse,  I  think,  the  winter 
before.  Father  sometimes  came  home  and  had 
made  nothing,  and  if  mother  had  no  work  in  hand 
we  went  to  bed  to  save  tire  and  candle,  if  it  was 
ever  so  soon.  Father  would  die  afore  he  would 
let  mother  take  as  much  as  a  loaf  from  the  parish. 
I  was  sent  out  to  sell  nuts  first :  '  If  it's  only  Id. 
you  make,'  mother  said,  '  it 's  a  good  piece  of 
bread.'  I  didn't  mind  being  sent  out.  I  knew 
children  that  sold  things  in  the  streets.  Perhaps 
I  liked  it  better  than  staying  at  home  without  a 
fire  and  with  nothing  to  do,  and  if  I  went  out  I  saw 
other  children  busy.  No,  I  wasn't  a  bit  frightened 
when  I  first  started,  not  a  bit.  Some  children — but 
they  was  such  little  things — said  :  '  0,  Liz,  I  wish 
I  was  you.'  I  had  twelve  ha'porths  and  sold  them 
all.  I  don't  know  what  it  made  ;  2d.  most  likely. 
I  didn't  crack  a  single  nut  myself.  I  was  fond  of 
them  then,  but  I  don't  care  for  them  now.  I  could 
do  better  if  1  went  into  public-houses,  but  I  'm 
only  let  go  to  Mr.  Smith's,  because  he  knows 
father,  and  Mrs.  Smith  and  him  recommends  me 
and  wouldn't  let  anybody  mislest  me.  Nobody 
ever  offered  to.  I  hear  people  swear  there  some- 
times, but  it 's  not  at  mo.  I  sell  nuts  to  children 
if.  *r*>  sheets,  and  liweo  to  young  women.  I  have 


•old  nuts  and  oranges  to  soldiers.  The/  nerer  my 
anything  rude  to  me,  never.  I  was  once  in  a 
great  crowd,  and  was  getting  crushed,  and  there 
was  a  very  tall  soldier  close  by  rne,  and  he  lifted 
me,  basket  and  all,  right  up  to  his  shoulder,  and 
carried  me  clean  out  of  the  crowd.  He  had  stripes 
on  his  arm.  '  I  shouldn't  like  you  to  be  in  such 
a  trade,'  says  he, '  if  you  was  my  child.'  He  didn't 
say  why  he  wouldn't  like  it.  Perhaps  because  it 
was  beginning  to  rain.  Yes,  we  are  far  better  off 
now.  Father  makes  money.  I  don't  go  out  in 
bad  weather  in  the  summer ;  in  the  winter, 
though,  I  must  I  don't  know  what  I  make 
I  don't  know  what  1  shall  be  when  I  grow  up. 
I  can  read  a  little.  I  've  been  to  church  five  or 
six  times  in  my  life.  I  should  go  oftener  and  so 
would  mother,  if  we  had  clothes." 

I  have  no  reason  to  suppose  that,  in  this  case, 
the  father  was  an  intemperate  man,  though  some  of 
the  parents  who  thus  send  their  children  out  are 
intemperate,  and,  loving  to  indulge  in  the  idleness 
to  which  intemperance  inclines  them,  are  forced  to 
live  on  the  labour  of  their  wives  and  childien. 

OF  A  "  NEGLECTED"  CHILD,  A  STREET-SELLKR. 
OF  this  class  perhaps  there  is  less  to  be  said  than 
of  others.  Drunken  parents  allow  their  children 
to  run  about  the  streets,  and  often  to  shift  for 
themselves.  If  such  parents  have  any  sense  of 
shame,  unextinguished  by  their  continued  be- 
sottedness,  they  may  feel  relieved  by  not  having 
their  children  before  their  eyes,  for  the  very  sight 
of  them  is  a  reproach,  and  every  rag  about  such 
helpless  beings  must  carry  its  accusation  to  a 
mind  not  utterly  callous. 

Among  such  children  there  is  not,  perhaps, 
that  extreme  pressure  of  wretchedness  or  of  priva- 
tion that  there  is  among  the  orphans,  or  the  utterly 
deserted.  If  a  "neglected  child"  have  to  shift, 
wholly  or  partly,  for  itself,  it  is  perhaps  with  the 
advantage  of  a  shelter ;  for  even  the  bare  room  o. 
the  drunkard  is  in  some  degree  a  shelter  or  roof. 
There  is  not  the  nightly  need  of  2d.  for  a  bed,  or 
the  alternative  of  the  Adelphi  arches  for  nothing. 

I  met  with  one  little  girl  ten  or  eleven  years  of 
age,  whom  some  of  the  street-sellers  described  to 
me  as  looking  out  for  a  job  every  now  and  then.  She 
was  small-featured  and  dark-eyed,  and  seemed 
intelligent.  Her  face  and  hands  were  brown  as  if 
from  exposure  to  the  weather,  and  a  lack  of  soap ; 
but  her  diess  was  not  dirty.  Her  father  she  de- 
described  as  a  builder,  probably  a  bricklayer's 
labourer,  but  he  could  work,  she  said,  at  drains  or 
such  like.  "  Mother  's  been  dead  a  long  time," 
the  child  continued,  "and  father  brought  another 
woman  home  and  told  me  to  call  her  mother,  but 
she  soon  went  away.  I  works  about  the  streets, 
but  only  when  there  's  nothing  to  eat  at  home. 
Father  gets  drunk  sometimes,  but  I  think  not  so 
oft  as  he  did,  and  then  he  lies  in  bed.  No,  sir, 
not  all  day,  but  he  gets  up  and  goes  out  and 
gets  more  drink,  and  comes  back  and  goes  to 
bed  again.  He  never  uses  me  badly.  When 
he 's  drinking  and  has  money,  he  gives  me  some 
now  and  then  to  get  bread  and  butter  with, 
or  a  halfpenny  pudding ;  he  never  eats  anything 


LONDON  LABOUR  A*D  THE  LONDON  POOR 


in  the  house  when  he 's  drinking,  and  he  's  a 
very  quiet  man.  Sometimes  he 's  laid  in  bed 
two  or  tLree  days  and  nights  at  a  time.  I  goes 
to  school  when  father  has  money.  We  lives 
very  well  then.  I  've  kept  myself  for  a  whole 
week.  1  mind  people's  stalls,  if  they  're  away  a 
bit,  and  run  for  them  if  they  're  wanted  ;  and  I  go 
errands.  I  've  carried  home  flower-pots  for  a  lady. 
.ot  a  halfpenny  on  a  day,  and  a  penny,  ami 
some  bread  perhaps,  and  I  've  lived  on  that.  I 
should  like  very  well  to  have  a  pitch  of  my  own. 
/  think  I  thould  like  that  better  than  place.  But 
I  have  a  sister  who  has  a  place  in  the  country; 
she  's  far  older  than  I  am,  and  perhaps  I  shall  get 
one.  But  father  's  at  work  now,  and  he  says  he  '11 
take  the  pledge.  Five  or  six  times  I  've  sold 
oranges,  and  ingans  as  well,  and  carried  the  money 

to  Mrs. ,  who  gave  me  all  I  took  above  4d. 

for  myself." 

It  could  surprise  no  one  if  a  child  so  neglected 
became  so  habituated  to  a  street  life,  that  she 
could  not  adapt  herself  to  any  other.  I  heard  of 
other  children  thus  or  similarly  neglected,  but 
boys  far  more  frequently  than  girls,  who  traded  re- 
gularly in  apples,  oranges,  &e.,  on  their  own 
account.  Some  have  become  tegular  street-sellers, 
and  even  in  childhood  have  abandoned  their 
homes  and  supported  themselves. 

OF  A  HIRED  COSTER  BOY. 

ONE  shell-fish  seller,  who  has  known  street-coin- 
:<>lk   for   many   years,  thought, 
although    he    only    hazarded     an    opinion,    that 
there  was  less  drinking  among  the  young  costers, 
and   less  swearing,  than  he  had  known  in  a  pre- 
sent-ration. 

•  ung  coster  boy  living  with  his  parents, 
who  had  a  good  business,  told  me  that  he  would 
never  be  nothing  but  a  "  general  dealer,"  (which 
among  some  of  these  people  is  the  "  g 
designation  for  a  costermouger,)  as  long  as  he 
••d,  he  rose  to  a  coal  shed  and 
a  horsv  a  ciin-uinniati  >ii,  }  ri  iiaps  with 

the    addition    of    a   gr« ••  a  fried    fish, 

and  a  gingerbeer  trade,  not  unfrequently  arrived 
at  by  the  more  prudent  costennongers.  This 

.Id  neither  read  nor  write;   he  ha 
sent  to  school,  and  Hogged  to  school  (he  grinned 
at    he   told  A  iio    said    his 

\e  been  "done "so  often  i 

f..lk».  when  he  told  *'  grass"  (asparagus)  and  such 

things  as  cost  money,     if    he   could    have    kept 

Hut  his  father    only  d  said 

.-.  when   the  boy   "cut  away"  from  school, 

he   did  so  continuously,  that  the  school* 

•after  at  length  declined  the  charge  of  the  young 

•   further  education.     This   stripling,    who 

was  about  fourteen,  seemed  very  proud  of  a  pair 

of  good  half-boots  which  his  mother  had  bought 

d    which    he    a   i  ually  as    he 

glanced  at  his  feet.    Bis  parents,  from  hit  account, 

were   indulgent,  and  when    they  got  artJi 

change  or  in  any  main, 

and  so  he  got  treats,  and  smart  things  to  wrar 
now  and  then.  "We  expect*  to  do  Well,"  he 
•aid.  for  be  used  the  "  we"  when  be  spoke  of 


his  parents'  business,  "when  h'§  peas  and 
new  potatoes,  cheap  enough  to  cry.  It 's  my 
dodge  to  cry.  I  know  a  man  as  says,  '  May 
month  ought  to  be  ashamed  on  itself,  or  thi:  gs  'ud 
a  been  herlier.'  Last  week  I  sung  out,  it  wag 
the  same  man's  dodge,  he  put  me  up  to  it — '  Here  's 
your  Great  Exhibition  mackarel.'  People  laughed, 
but  it  weren't  no  great  good.  I  've  been  to  Penny 
GarTs,  but  not  this  goodish  bit.  I  likes  the  sing- 
ing best  as  has  a  stunnin'  chorus.  There  's  been  a 
deal  of  hard  up  lately  among  people  as  is  general 
dealers.  Things  is  getting  better,  I  think,  and 
they  must  It  wouldn't  do  at  all  if  they  didn't. 
It's  no  use  your  a-asking  me  about  what  I 
thinks  of  the  Queen  or  them  sort  of  people,  for  I 
knows  nothing  about  them,  and  never  goes  among 
them." 

The  Hired  boys,  for  the  service  of  the  coster- 
mongers,  whether  hired  for  the  day,  or  more  per- 
manently, are  very  generally  of  the  classes  I  have 
spoken  of.  When  the  New  Cut,  Lambeth,  was  a 
great  street-market,  every  morning,  during  the 
height  of  the  vegetable  and  fruit  seasons,  lads 
used  to  assemble  in  Hooper  street,  Short-street, 
York-street,  and,  indeed,  in  all  the  smaller  streets 
or  courts,  which  run  right  and  left  from  the  "  two 
Cuts."  When  the  costermonger  started  thence, 
perhaps  "  by  the  first  light,"  to  market,  these  boys 
used  to  run  up  to  his  barrow,  "  D'you  want  me, 
Jack  ?"  or,  "  Want  a  boy,  Bill  1"  being  their  con- 
stant request.  It  is  now  the  same,  in  the  lo- 
calities where  the  costermongers  live,  or  where  they 
keep  their  ponies,  donkeys,  and  barrows,  and 
whence  they  emerge  to  market.  It  is  the  > 
Billingsgate  and  the  other  markets  at  which  the.-a 
traders  make  their  wholesale  purchases.  Boys 
wait  about  these  marts  "  to  be  hired,"  or,  as  they 
may  style  it,  to  •'  MV  if  t'p:ey  're  wanted."  When 
hired,  there  is  seldom  any  ''  wage"  specified,  the 
lads  seeming  always  willing  to  depend  upon  the 

:  .e  C">tiTiimnger,  and    often   DO  doubt 
with  an  eye  to  the  chances  of  "  bunse."     A 
lud   thus  engaged,  who  may  acquit  himself  to   a 

:  s   liking,    perhaps    continues    some 

time    in  tbe  same  man's  e:i:;uuy.       I  may  . 
this  gathering,  and    for  such  a  j 

•     the  simple 

of  the  old  times,  when  :iiound   the   mark.: 
of   the   nearest   town   as>rmbled    the    pu; 
who  sought  employ 

or  household  labour.  In  some  parts  of  tlie  noith 
of  England  these  gatherings  are  still  held  at  the 
two  half-yearly  terms  of  May-day  and  Martinmas. 

A  lad  of  thirteen  or  t 
v.-ry  strong,  gave  me  the  following  a 

\ou  see,  sir,  whore  I  can,  («>r  inotli. : 
sells  sheep's-trottcrs)  depends  a  deal  on  her  trotters, 
.id  for  an  old  'oman.  and 

there  's  me  and  Neddy  to  keep.  Father  '•  abroad 
and  a  toger.  Do  1  .  -.,y§  to, 

mongers  starts  for  the  markets,  and  wants  boys 
for  weir  barrows.  ts  last:  '  1 

:i»ks,  ha'penny  each.  Here  's  yer  all  .1. 
and  all  a  blo'inV  I  got  my  grub  and  3</.  1 
tbe  tin  borne.  If  there  '»  a  cabbage  or  two  left. 


540 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


I  've  had  it  guv  to  me.  /  likes  that  work  Letter 
nor  school.  I  should  think  so.  One  sees  life. 
Well,  I  don't  know  wot  one  sees  perticler ;  but 
it 's  wot  people  calls  life.  I  was  a  week  at 
school  once.  I  has  a  toss  up  sometimes  when 
I  has  a  odd  copper  for  it.  F  aven't  'ad  any  rig'lar 
work  as  yet.  I  shall  p'raps  when  it 's  real 
summer."  [Said,  May  24th.]  "  This  is  the  Queen's 
birthday,  is  it,  sir?  Werry  likely,  but  she's 
nothing  to  me.  I  can't  read,  in  coorse  not,  after  a 
week's  schooling.  Yes,  I  likes  a  show.  Punch  is 
stunniif ,  but  they  might  make  more  on  the  dog.  I 
would  if  I  was  a  Punch.  0,  I  has  tea,  and  bread 
and  butter  with  mother,  and  gets  grub  as  I  jobs 
besides.  I  makes  no  bargain.  If  a  cove  's  scaly, 
we  gets  to  know  him.  I  hopes  to  have  a  barrer 
of  my  own  some  day,  and  p'raps  a  hass.  Can  I 
manage  a  hass?  In  coorse,  and  he  don't  want  no 
groomin'.  I  'd  go  to  Hepsom  then ;  I  've  never  been 
yet,  but  I  've  been  to  Grinnage  fairs.  I  don't 
know  how  I  can  get  a  barrer  and  a  hass,  but  I 
may  have  luck." 

OF  AN  ORPHAN  BOY,  A  STREET  SELLER. 
FROM  one  of  this  class  I  had  the  following  account. 
It  may  be  observed  that  the  lad's  statement  con- 
tains little  of  incident,  or  of  novelty,  but  this  is 
characteristic  of  many  of  his  class.  With  many 
of  them,  it  may  indeed  be  said,  "  one  day  certifieth 
another."  It  is  often  the  same  tale  of  labour  and 
of  poverty,  day  after  day,  so  that  the  mere 
uniformity  makes  a  youth  half  oblivious  of  the 
past ;  the  months,  or  perhaps  years,  seem  all 
alike. 

This  boy  seemed  healthy,  wore  a  suit  of  cor- 
duroy, evidently  not  made  for  him,  and  but  little 
patched,  although  old  ;  he  was  in  good  spirits. 

"  I  believe  I  'm  between  fifteen  and  sixteen," 
he  said,  "  and  mother  died  more  than  two  year 
ago,  nearer  three,  perhaps.  Father  had  gone  aead 
a  long  time  afore ;  I  don't  remember  him."  [I  am 
inclined  to  think  that  this  story  of  the  death  of  the 
fiither  is  often  told  by  the  mother  of  an  illegitimate 
child  to  her  offspring,  through  a  natural  repugnance 
to  reveal  her  shame  to  her  child.  I  do  not 
know,  however,  that  it  was  the  case  in  this 
instance.]  "  I  don't  remember  about  mother's 
funeral,  lor  I  was  ill  myself  at  the  time.  She 
worked  with  her  needle ;  sometimes  for  a  dress- 
maker, on  "  skirts,"  and  sometimes  for  a  tailor,  on 
flannels.  She  sometimes  worked  all  night,  but 
we  was  wery  badly  off — we  was  so.  She  had 
only  me.  NVhen  mother  died  there  was  nothing 
left  for  me,  but  there  was  a  good  woman — she 
was  a  laundress  and  kept  a  mangle — and  she  said, 
'  well,  here  's  a  old  basket  and  a  few  odd  things  ; 
give  the  kid  the  basket  and  turn  the  bits  of  old 
traps  into  money,  and  let  him  start  on  muffins,  and 
then  he  must  shift  for  hisself.'  So  she  tuk  me  to  a 
shop  and  I  was  started  in  the  muffin  line.  I  didn't 
do  so  bad,  but  it 's  on'y  a  winter  trade,  isn't 
muffins.  I  sold  creases  next — no,  not  creases, 
cherries  ;  yes,  it  was  creases,  and  then  cherries, 
for  I  remembers  as  'ow  'Ungerford  was  the  first 
market  I  ever  was  at;  it  was  so.  Since  then,  I  've 
to.'d  apples,  and  oranges,  and  nuts,  and  chestm  ts 


— but  they  was  dear  the  last  time  as  I  had  'em — 
and  spring  garters  a  penny  a  pair,  and  glass  pens ; 
yes,  and  other  things.  I  goes  to  market,  mostly  to 
Common  Gard'n,  and  there  's  a  man  goes  there 
what  buys  bushels  and  bushels,  and  he'll  let  me 
have  any  little  lot  reas'nable  ;  he  will  so.  There's 
another  will,  but  he  ain't  so  good  to  a  poor  kid. 
Well,  I  doesn't  know  as  'ow  one  trade's  better 
nor  another ;  I  think  I  've  done  as  much  in 
one  as  in  another.  But  I  've  done  better  lately; 
I  've  sold  more  oranges,  and  I  had  a  few 
sticks  of  rhubarb.  I  think  times  is  mending, 
but  others  says  that's  on'y  my  luck.  I  sleeps 
with  a  boy  as  is  younger  nor  1  am,  and  pays  9t/. 
a  week.  Tom's  father  and  mother  —  he  's  a  coal- 
heaver,  but  he 's  sometimes  out  of  work — sleeps  in 
the  same  room,  but  we  has  a  good  bed  to  our- 
selves. Tom's  father  knew  my  mother.  There 's 
on'y  us  four.  Tom's  father  says  sometimes  if  his 
rheumatics  continues,  he  and  all  on  'em  must  go 
into  the  house.  Most  likely  I  should  then  go  to 
a  lodging-house.  I  don't  know  that  some  on  'em 'a 
bad  places.  I  've  heer'd  they  was  jolly.  I  has  no 
amusements.  Last  year  I  helped  a  man  one  day, 
and  he  did  so  well  on  fruit,  he  did  so,  for  he  got 
such  a  early  start,  and  so  cheap,  that  he  gave  me 
3d.  hextra  to  go  to  the  play  with.  I  didn't  go. 
I  'd  rather  go  to  bed  at  seven  every  night  than 
anywhere  else.  I 'm  fond  of  sleep.  I  never  wakes 
all  night.  I  dreams  now  and  then,  but  I  never 
remembers  a  dream.  I  can't  read  or  write ;  I 
wish  I  could,  if  it  would  help  me  on.  I  'm 
making  3*.  Qd.  a  week  now,  I  think.  Some  weeks 
in  winter  I  didn't  make  2«." 

This  bov,  although  f,n  orphan  at  a  tender  age, 
was  yet  assisted  to  the  commencement  of  a  busi- 
ness by  a  friend.  I  met  with  another  lad  who 
was  left  under  somewhat  similar  circumstances. 
The  persons  in  the  house  where  his  mother  had 
died  were  about  to  take  him  to  the  parish  officers, 
and  there  seemed  to  be  no  other  course  to  be 
pursued  to  save  the  child,  then  nearly  twelve, 
from  starvation.  The  lad  knew  this  and  ran  away. 
It  was  summer  time,  about  three  years  ago,  and 
the  little  runaway  slept  in  the  open  air  whenever 
he  could  find  a  quiet  place.  Want  drove  him 
to  beg,  and  several  days  he  subsisted  on  one  penny 
which  he  begged.  One  day  he  did  not  find  any 
one  to  give  him  even  a  halfpenny,  and  towards 
the  evening  of  the  second  he  became  bold,  or  even 
desperate,  from  hunger.  As  if  by  a  sudden  im- 
pulse he  went  up  to  an  old  gentleman,  walking 
slowly  in  Hyde-park,  and  said  to  him,  "  Sir,  I  've 
lived  three  weeks  by  begging,  and  I  'm  hungering 
now  ;  give  me  sixpence,  or  I  '11  go  and  steal."  The 
gentleman  stopped  and  looked  at  the  boy,  in  whose 
tones  there  must  have  been  truthfulness,  and  in 
whose  face  was  no  doubt  starvation,  for  without 
uttering  a  word  he  gave  the  young  applicant  a 
shilling.  The  boy  began  a  street-seller's  life  on 
lucifer-matches.  I  had  to  see  him  for  another 
purpose  a  little  while  ago,  and  in  the  course  of 
some  conversation  he  told  me  of  his  start  in  the 
streets.  I  have  no  doubt  he  told  the  truth,  and  I 
should  have  given  a  more  detailed  account  of  him, 
but  when  I  inquired  for  him,  I  found  that  be  hal 


LONDON  LA  DOUR  A\I>  TIJV  LOSDOX  POOR. 


r,4i 


gone  to  Epsom  races  to  sell  cards,  and  had  not  re- 
turned, having  probably  left  London  on  a  country 
tour.  But  lor  the  old  gentleman's  bounty  he 
would  have  stolen  something,  he  declared,  had  it 
been  only  for  the  shelter  of  a  prison. 

OP  THE  LIFE  OP  AN  ORPHAN  GIRL,  A  STREKT- 

SKLLKR. 

"FATHER  was  a  whitesmith," she  said,  "and  mother 
ssed  to  go  out  a-washing  and  a-cle .niing,  and  me 
and  my  sister  (but  she  is  dead  now)  did  nothing; 
we  was  sent  to  a  day  school,  both  of  us.  We  lived 
very  comfortable  ;  we  had  two  rooms  and  our  own 
furniture  ;  we  didn't  want  for  nothing  when 
father  was  alive ;  he  was  very  fond  on  us  both, 
and  was  a  kind  man  to  everybody.  He  was  took 
bad  first  when  I  was  very  young — it  was  con- 
sumption he  had,  and  he  was  ill  many  years,  about 
five  years,  I  think  it  was,  afore  he  died.  \Vhen 
he  was  gone  mother  kept  us  both;  she  had  plenty 
of  work  ;  she  couldn't  a-bear  the  thought  of  our 
going  into  the  streets  for  a  living,  and  we  was 
both  too  young  to  get  a  place  anywhere,  so  we 
stayed  at  home  and  went  to  school  just  as  when 
father  was  alive.  My  sister  died  about  two  year 
and  a  half  ago;  she  had  the  scarlet-fever  dreadful, 
she  lay  ill  seven  weeks.  We  was  both  very  fond 
of  her,  me  and  mother.  I  often  wish  she  had 
been  spared,  I  should  not  be  alone  in  the  world 
as  I  am  now.  We  might  have  gone  on  together, 
but  it  is  dreadful  to  be  quite  alone,  and  I  often 
think  now  how  well  we  could  have  done  if  she 
was  alive. 

"Mother  has  been  dead  just  a  year  this  month; 
she  took  cold  at  the  washing  and  it  went  to  her  chest; 
she  was  only  bad  a  fortnight ;  she  suffered  great 
pain,  and,  poor  thing,  she  used  to  fret  dreadful,  as 
she  lay  ill,  about  me,  for  she  knew  she  was  going  to 
leave  me.  She  used  to  plan  how  I  was  to  do  when 
•he  was  gone.  She  made  me  promise  to  try  to  get 
a  place  and  keep  from  the  streets  if  I  could,  for 
she  seemed  to  dread  them  so  much.  When  she 
was  gone  I  was  left  in  the  world  without  a 
friend.  I  am  quite  alone,  I  have  no  relation  at 
all,  not  a  soul  belonging  to  me.  For  three  months 
I  went  about  looking  for  a  place,  as  long  as  my 
Money  lasted,  for  mother  told  me  to  sell  our 
furniture  to  keep  me  and  get  me  clothe*.  I  could 
have  got  a  place,  but  nobody  would  have  me 
without  a  character,  and  I  knew  nobody  to  give 
I  tried  very  hard  to  get  one,  indeed  I 
did ;  for  I  thought  of  all  mother  had  said  to  me 
•bout  going  into  the  streets.  At  last,  when  my 
money  was  just  gone,  I  met  a  young  woman  in 

rr»et,  and  1  asked  her  to  tell  me  where  1 
eould  get  a  lodging.  She  told  me  to  come  with 
her,  she  would  show  me  a  respectable  lodging- 
house  for  women  and  girls.  I  went,  and  1  have 
been  there  ever  since.  The  women  in  the  house 
•drifted  roe  to  take  to  flower-wiling,  M  I  could  get 

.•  else  to  do.  One  of  the  young  women  look 
me  to  market  with  her,  and  •bowed  me  how  to 
bargain  with  the  salesman  for  my  flower*.  At 
6m,  when  I  went  ami  to  sell,  I  felt  so  ashamed  I 

:.ot  ask  anybody  to  buy  of  me  ;  and  many 
lime*  went  back  at  night  with  all  my  stock,  with 


out  selling  one  hunch.  The  w  »man  at  the  lodg- 
ing-house is  «ery  g>od  to  me;  ami  when  I  have  a 
bad  day  shr  A-  ill  let  my  lodging  go  until  I  can 
pay  hi-r.  She  always  gives  me  my  dinner,  and  a 
pood  dinner  it  is  of  a  Sunday;  and  she  will  often 
give  me  a  breakfast,  when  she  knows  I  have  no 
money  to  buy  any.  She  is  very  kind,  indeed,  for 
she  knows  1  am  alone.  I  feel  very  thankful  to 
her,  I  am  sure,  for  all  her  goodness  to  me. 
During  the  summer  months  I  take  Is.  6(L  per 
day,  which  is  6d.  profit.  But  1  can  only  sell 
my  flowers  five  days  in  the  week  —  Mondays 
there  is  no  flowers  in  the  market  :  and  of  the  (></. 
a  day  I  pay  3d.  for  lodging.  I  get  a  halfpenny- 
worth of  tea  ;  a  halfpenny-worth  of  sugar  ;  one 
pound  of  bread,  l.}d.  ;  butter,  }rf.  I  never  tastes 
meat  but  on  Sunday.  What  I  shall  do  in  the 
winter  I  don't  know.  In  the  cold  weather  last 
year,  when  I  could  get  no  flowers,  I  was  forced 
to  live  on  my  clothes,  I  have  none  left  now  but 
what  I  have  <>n.  Whit  I  shall  do  I  don't  know 
—  I  can't  bear  to  think  on  it." 

OP  Two  RUNAWAY  STREET-BOYS. 

I  ENDEAVOURED  to  find  a  boy  or  girl  who  belonged 
to  the  ?rt//  educated  classes,  had  run  away,  and 
was  now  a  street-seller.  I  heard  of  boys  of  this 
class  —  one  man  thought  he  knew  five,  and  was 
sure  of  four  —  who  now  lived  by  street-selling,  my 
informant  believed  without  having  any  recourse  to 
theft,  but  all  these  boys  were  absent  ;  they  hail 
not  returned  from  Epsom,  or  had  not  returned  to 
their  usual  haunts,  or  else  they  had  started  for 
their  summer's  excursion  into  the  country.  Majiy 
a  street-seller  becomes  as  weary  of  town  after 
the  winter  as  a  member  of  parliament  who  sits 
out  a  very  long  session  ;  and  the  moment  the 
weather  is  warm,  and  "seems  settled,"  they  are 
off  into  the  country.  In  this  change  of  scene 
there  is  the  feeling  of  independence,  of  freedom  ; 
they  are  not  "  tied  to  their  work  ;  "  and  this 
feeling  has  perhaps  even  greater  charms  for  the 
child  than  the  adult. 

The  number  of  lads  of  a  veil-educated 
who  support  themselves  by  street  selling.  U  not 
1  speak  of  those  whom  I  have  classed  as 
chiidn-n  under  fifteen  yean  of  n^e.  It  a  boy  run 
away,  scared  and  terrified  by  the  violence  of  a 
parent,  or  maddened  by  continuous  and  sometime* 
excessive  sevrr  ••!*  compunc- 

tion, and  I  heard  of  persons  bein^  sent  t 


lodging-house  in  London,  and  told  to  search 
dry  arch,  to  bring  back  a  runaway.     On  these 
occasions    the    street  *-ller*    willingly    give    their 
heard   <>|  women,   whose  de- 
gradation was  of  the  lowest,  exerting  thenuelvet 
in  the  recovery  of  a  runaway  child,  and  that  ofao 
unsolicited  and  M  often  unreoompensed. 
The  children  who  are  truant*  thrmu 


,,rop 


or  through  t 


docetnents  of  their  seniors,  become  far  more  fre 

vet  or    lurkcrs,   rather  than 
•filers.     As  to  runaway  girls  of  a  « 
claw,  and  under  fifteen,  I  heard  of  none  who  wer* 


LONDON  LAJiOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


542 


I  now  give  instances  of  two  runaway  lads,  who 
have  been  dishonest,  and  honest. 

The  one,  when  he  told  me  his  history,  was  a 
slim  and  rather  tall  young  man  of  23  or  24, 
with  a  look,  speech,  and  air,  anything  but  vulgar. 
He  was  the  son  of  a  wealthy  jeweller,  in  a  town 
in  the  West  of  England,  and  ran  away  from  home 
with  an  adult  member  of  his  father's  establish- 
ment, who  first  suggested  such  a  course,  taking 
with  them  money  and  valuables.  They  came  to 
London,  and  the  elder  thief,  retaining  all  the 
Btolen  property,  at  once  abandoned  the  child,  then 
only  ten,  and  little  and  young-looking  for  his  age. 
He  fell  into  the  hands  of  some  members  of  the 
Bwell-mob,  and  became  extremely  serviceable  to 
them.  He  Wcis  dressed  like  a  gentleman's  son, 
and  was  innocent-looking  and  handsome.  His 
appearance,  when  I  saw  him,  showed  that  this 
must  have  been  Uie  case  as  regards  his  looks.  He 
lived  with  some  of  theswell-mobsmen — then  a  more 
prosperous  people  than  they  are  now — in  a  good 
house  in  the  Southwark-Bridge-road.  The  women 
who  resided  with  the  mobsmen  were  especially 
kind  to  him.  He  was  well  fed,  well  lodged,  well 
clad,  and  petted  in  everything.  He  was  called 
"  the  kid,"  a  common  slang  name  for  a  child,  but 
he  was  the  kid.  He  "  went  to  work  "  in  Regent- 
street,  or  wherever  there  were  most  ladies,  and 
his  appearance  disarmed  suspicion.  He  was, 
moreover,  highly  successful  in  church  and  chapel 
practice.  At  length  he  became  "  spotted."  The 
police  got  to  know  him,  and  he  was  apprehended, 
tried,  and  convicted.  He  was,  however — he  be- 
lieved through  the  interest  of  his  friends,  of  whose 
inquiries  concerning  him  he  had  heard,  but  of  that 
I  know  nothing — sent  to  the  Philanthropic  Asy- 
hun,  then  in  St.  George 's-road.  Here  he  remained 
the  usual  time,  then  left  the  place  well  clothed,  and 
with  a  sum  of  money,  and  endeavoured  to  obtain 
some  permanent  employment.  In  this  endeavour 
he  failed.  Whether  he  exerted  himself  strenuously 
or  not  I  cannot  say,  but  he  told  me  that  the  very 
circumstance  of  his  having  been  "  in  the  Philan- 
thropic "  was  fatal  to  his  success.  His  "character" 
and  "recommendations"  necessarily  showed  where 
he  had  come  from,  and  the  young  man,  as  he 
then  was,  became  a  beggar.  His  chief  practice 
was  in  "  screeving,"  or  writing  on  the  pavement. 
Perhaps  some  of  my  readers  may  remember 
having  noticed  a  wretched-looking  youth  who 
hung  over  the  words  "I  AM  STARVING," 
chalked  on  the  footway  on  the  Surrey  side  of 
Waterloo  Bridge.  He  lay  huddled  in  a  heap, 
and  appeared  half  dead  with  cold  and  want,  his 
shirtless  neck  and  shoulders  being  visible  through 
the  rents  in  his  thin  jean  jacket ;  shoe  or  stocking 
he  did  not  wear.  This  was  the  rich  jeweller's  son. 
Until  he  himself  told  me  of  it — and  he  seemed 
to  do  so  with  some  sense  of  shame — I  could 
not  have  believed  that  the  well-spoken  and  well- 
looking  youth  before  me  was  the  piteous  object  I 
had  observed  by  the  bridge.  What  he  is  doing 
now  I  am  unable  to  state. 

Another  boy,  who  thought  he  was  not  yet  fif- 
teen, though  he  looked  older,  gave  me  the  follow- 
ing accoi'dt.  He  was  short  but  seemed  strong, 


and  his  career,  so  far,  is  chiefly  remarkable  for  liis 
perseverance,  exercised  as  much,  perhaps,  from  in- 
sensibility as  from  any  other  quality.  He  was 
sufficiently  stupid.  If  he  had  parents  living,  he 
said,  he  didn't  know  nothing  about  them ;  he  had 
lived  and  slept  with  an  old  woman  who  said  she 
was  his  grandmother,  and  he  'd  been  told  that  she 
weren't  no  relation  ;  he  didn't  trouble  himself 
about  it.  She  sold  lucifer-boxes  or  any  trifle 
in  the  streets,  and  had  an  allowance  of  2s. 
weekly,  but  from  what  quarter  he  did  not  know. 
About  four  years  ago  he  was  run  over  by  a  cab, 
and  was  carried  to  the  workhouse  or  the  hospital ; 
he  believed  it  was  Clerkenwell  Workhouse,  b'lt 
he  weren't  sure.  When  he  recovered  and  '/as 
discharged  he  found  the  old  woman  was  dead,  and 
a  neighbour  went  with  him  to  the  parish  officers, 
by  whom — as  well  as  I  could  understand  him — 
he  was  sent  to  the  workhouse,  after  some  inquiry. 
He  was  soon  removed  to  Nor'ud.  On  my  asking 
if  he  meant  Norwood,  he  replied,  "no,  Nor'ud," 
and  there  he  was  with  a  number  of  other  children 
with  a  Mr.  Horbyn.  He  did  not  know  how  long 
he  was  there,  and  he  didn't  know  as  he  had  any- 
thing much  to  complain  of,  but  he  ran  away.  He 
ran  away  because  he  thought  he  would  ;  and  he 
believed  he  could  get  work  at  paper-staining.  He 
made  his  way  to  Smithfield,  near  where  there  was 
a  great  paper-stainer's,  but  he  could  not  get  any 
work,  and  he  was  threatened  to  be  sent  back,  as 
they  knew  from  his  dress  that  he  had  run  away. 
H«  slept  in  Smithfield  courts  and  alleys,  fitting 
himself  into  any  covered  corner  he  couid  find.  The 
poor  women  about  were  kind  to  him,  and  gave 
him  pieces  of  bread  ;  some  knew  that  he  had  run 
away  from  a  workhouse  and  was  all  the  kinder. 
"  The  fust  browns  as  ivver  I  yarned,"  he  said, "  was 
from  a  drover.  He  was  a  going  into  the  country  to 
meet  some  beasts,  and  had  to  carry  some  passela 
for  somebody  down  there.  They  wasn't  'evvy, 
but  they  was  orkerd  to  grip.  His  old  'oman  luk 
out  for  a  young  cove  to  'elp  her  old  man,  and  saw 
me  fust,  so  she  calls  me,  and  I  gets  the  job.  I 
gived  the  greatest  of  satisfaction,  and  had  sixpence 
giv  me,  for  Jim  (the  drover)  was  well  paid,  as 
they  was  vallyble  passels,  and  he  said  he  'd  taken 
the  greatest  of  care  on  'era,  and  had  engaged  a 
poor  lad  to  'elp  him."  On  his  return  the  child 
slept  in  a  bed,  in  a  house  near  Gray's-inn-lane, 
for  the  first  time  since  he  had  run  away,  he  be- 
lieved about  a  fortnight.  He  persevered  in  look- 
ing out  for  odd  jobs,  without  ever  stealing,  though 
he  met  some  boys  who  told  him  he  was  a  fool  not 
to  prig.  "  I  used  to  carry  his  tea  from  his  old 
'oman,"  he  went  on,  "  to  a  old  cove  as  had  a 
stunnin'  pitch  of  fruit  in  the  City-road.  But  my 
best  friend  was  Stumpy ;  he  had  a  beautiful 
crossin'  (as  a  sweeper)  then,  but  he  's  dead  now 
and  berried  as  well.  I  used  to  talk  to  him  and 
whistle — I  can  just  whistle  "  [here  he  whistled 
loud  and  shrill,  to  convince  me  of  his  perfection 
in  that  street  accomplishment]  "  — and  to  dance 
him  the  double-shuffle"  [he  favoured  me  with  a 
specimen  of  that  dance],  "  and  he  said  I  hinterested 
him.  Well,  he  meant  he  liked  it,  I  s'pose.  When 
he  went  to  rest  hisself,  for  he  soon  got  tired,  orei 


MNDOS  LA  HOUR  * 


THE  LONDON  POOR. 


513 


his  «trop  of  beer  to  his  grub,  I  had  his  crossin' 
and  his  broom  for  nuffn.  On«  boy  used  to  say  to 
Stumpy,  'I'll  give  you  Id.  for  you*  crossin' 
while  you  *s  grubbin.'  But  I  had  it  for  nulfn, 
and  had  all  I  yarned  ;  sometimes  Id.,  lometiuiei 
2d.,  but  only  once  3Jd.  I've  been  'elping  Old 
Bill  with  his  summer  cabbages  and  flowers  (cauli- 
flowers), and  now  he's  on  live  heels.  I  can  ring 
'em  out  prime,  but  you  'eared  me.  I  has  my  bit 
o'  grub  with  him,  and  a  few  browns,  and  Old  Bill 
and  Young  Bill,  too,  says  I  shall  have  better  to 
do,  but  I  can't  until  peas.  I  sleeps  in  a  loft  with 
'ampers,  which  is  Old  Bill's  ;  a  stunnin'  good  bed. 
I've  cried  for  and  'elped  other  costers.  Stumpy 
tent  me  to  'era.  I  think  he  'd  been  one  hisself,  but 
1  was  always  on  the  look-out.  I  '11  go  for 


bunse  soon.  I  don't  know  what  I  shall  do  time 
to  come,  I  nirver  thinks  on  it  I  could  read  mid- 
dlin',  and  can  a  little  now,  but  I  'm  out  of  practice." 

I  have  given  this  little  fellow's  statement  some- 
what fully,  for  I  believe  he  is  a  type  of  the  most 
numerous  class  of  runaway  urchins  who  ripen,  so 
to  speak,  into  costermongers,  after  "  helping  "  that 
large  body  of  street-traders. 

I  heard  of  one  boy  who  had  been  discharged 
from  Brizton,  and  had  received  6d.  to  begin  the 
world  with,  as  it  was  his  first  offence,  on  his  way 
back  to  London,  being  called  upon  suddenly  as 
soon  as  he  had  reached  the  New  Cut  (then  the 
greatest  of  all  the  street-markets)  to  help  a  coster- 
monger.  This  gave  the  boy  a  start,  and  he  hod 
since  lived  honestly . 


INDEX. 


Arts  (fine),  street-sellers  of,  327 ;  capital  and  Income  of, 

332 

Art  (street).  327 
Author  and  poet  (street),  experience  of,  301 

sy  In  the  streets,  ancient  and  modern,  295 
'.;  on  a  suoject,  297 
Back  numbers,  street  sale  of,  313 
Beggar  street-sellers.  403 

statement  of  a,  460 

Beetle  \ 

market,  quantity  and  weight  of  fish  sold  In.  67 

Blacking  and  blat.-k-U-.ad,  street-sellers  of,  473 
Blind  street-seller  of  boot-luces.  438 

female  street-seller  of  small  wares,  437 

street-seller  of  tailors'  needles,  378 

boot-lace  seller,  life  of.  451 

s  (street).  320 
Booksellers  (street).  316 
•  experience  of,  318 


Books  sold  In  the  streets,  character  of,  317 


(memorandum  )  and  almani 


strwt  suk-  of.  2H3 


.          (pocket)  and  diaries,  street  sale  of,  293 

sale  of,  324 

i  hlldren's),$treet  sale  of,  324 

(guide),  street  sale  of,  324 

(account),  street  sale  of,  325 

Boot  and  stay-laces,  street-sellers  of,  435 

the  costermongers  and  their  "  Jiunse,"  37 
Braces,  belts,  hose,  trouser-straps,  and  waistcoat,  street- 
sellers  of,  431 
Bread,  street  sale  of,  186 
Broadsheet.*,  street-sellers  of,  302 
Buns  (hot  cross  and  Chelsea),  street-sellers  of,  213 

heese,  and  eggs.  135 
Cake,str.-et-s«-;i.rs..t.  ::« 
Cakes  and  tarts,  stre.-t-s.-ll.-rs  of.  an 
vt!d),  street-sellers  of;  286 

0' 

•  (race)  and  list*  of  races,  street-sellers  of,  235 

,  street-sellers  of,  38? 
its'  and  dogs'  meat,  street-sellers  of,  189 
Cement  for  glass  and  china,  street-sellers  of,  478 
Chaunters,  experience  of,  340 
Cheap  John,  or 

ttfeofi 

.il  articles  of  manufacture,  street-sellers  of,  473 
•ifd  and  groundseU,  street-sellers  of,  159 

tr-houses,  277 
causes  which  Influence  them  U>  take  to  a  street 

as  streetrsellers  sent  out  by  parents,  637 

Chrtstmaslng.  laurel.  Ivy,  holly,  and  mistletoe,  street- 

Cl5?nghti  o4r9fuzees.  street^ellers  of,  483 


-:     :•-:.  .:.  :     --..--- 

Card-counters,  medals.  &c..  street-seller 

meat.  slr.-et-x-il-T-  M|.  \<> 


Comic  exhibition*,  magical  delusions.  &c.,  street-sellers  of, 


end  other  street-folk.  28 

.-.-ti.-.  ..tT-.-.t-^li.r-..:.  i7i; 

ngers.  andent  calling  of.  9 
-  and  other  urn  •  rof.6 


"f.  22 


-  ubntet*  cries 
—  pollUat 


of,  10 


Costermongers.  providence  and  improvidence  ^t,  M 

-  religion  of.  23 

-  removal  from  streets  o^  61 

-  tricks  of,  63 

-  uneducated  state  of,  24 

jiKorliiK  mechanics.  9 
Costermongers  and  thi- 

-  in  bad  weather  und  during  the  enoiem.  at> 

-  on  their  country  ruunus,  55 
-   the  more  proviii 

-  economically  considered,  10 
Coster  boy.  hired,  639 

Coster  girls.  45 

-  nirl,lifeofa,47 

-  lad,  life  of  a,  41 

-  education  of,  35,  39. 

Cough-drops  and  medical  confectionary,  street-sf  iiers  ot 

Country  lodging-houses,  471 

Crackers  and  detonating  balls,  street-sellers  of,  480 

Crippled  seller  of  nutmi 

Crockery  and  glass  •>  •  .  iers  of,  405 

Covriit-Garden  market,  85 

Curds  and  whey,  street  sale  of,  202 

Cutlery,  street-sellers  of,  374 

Death  and  fire  hunters,  244 

Dog-collars,  street-sellers  of,  396 

Dog-collar  seller,  lite  of  a,  397 

IMK.  str.-.-t-vll.-rsMl'.  i;«7 

Drinkables,  street  sale  of,  191 

Duflers,  or  hawkers  of  pretended  smuggled  goods,  425 

Eatables  and  dr  I 

-  capital  a  -treet-eeUersi'-. 
--  sums  spent  yearly  UIHUI.  •Ji'u 

Klder  wine  (hot),  street-sellers  of,  199 

Engravings  in  unit:  ..-r*  "f,  328 

Female  street-sellers,  localities  In  which  they  reside,  515 

-  education,  state  of,  516 

-  diet  of,  516 

Fish,  kind  and  quality  of,  sold  In  London,  63 

-  season  of  the  Costermongers,  67 

-  annually  sold  In  the  streets  of  London,  gross  value 
of,  79 

-  ("dry  ")  selling  In  the  strwt,  79 

-  fruit  and  vegetables,  stationary  street-sellers  of,  102 
street-sellers  of,  63 


FlMuer-Kirls    i 

-- 


roots,  shrubs,  and  trees,  quantity  sold  In  the  streets, 


r*  of  those  sold  In  the  streets.  140 


-  In  |K)ts,  roots,  street-sal  •• 

-  -.  in  streets.  143 

-  trees,  shrubs,  tnl 
sale  at  markets,  and  retail 


.  ;  .er*.  street-sellers  of.  485 
ailing  markets  and  Billingsgate 

HI.,  i  a£.MUsno<  i:.<. 

-  |.n-|iaratlon..f,  118 

-  seller,  experience  and  customer 
rrait     m  -ii't.,-iT,ti,,..ir..K  -7 


71 


of.  175 


kind  and  quantity  oLaold  tn  the  London  rtrreta,  *2  • 

(home-frown  X  quantity  sold  In  mrtr 

kets,  aod  proportion  sold  retail  In  smeU.80 

>  *»'t\t*ntnr»  at  the  streets.  808 

v.  ».ld  In  Uic  si 

SV&tJate, 

^•w  .; 

rso^m 


r.i-:, 


INDEX. 


Hawkers,  pedlars,  and  petty  chapmen,  414 

Hawking  butcher,  experience  of,  184 

Hot  eels  and  pea-soup  man,  experience  of,  170 

green-pea  seller,  experience  of,  188 

green-peas,  street-sellers  of.  l^S 

"  House  of  Lords,"  a  street-sellers'  defunct  club,  404 

Ices  and  Ice-creams,  street-sellers  of,  218 

Indecent  (sham)  streetrtrade,  256 

Irish,  causes  which  made  them  turn  costermongers,  109 

loging-houses  for  Immigrants,  117 

"  refuse"  sellers,  123 

.          street  diet,  drink,  and  expense  of  living  among.  119 
education,  literature,  amusements,  and  politics  of, 

112 
how  they  dlsplanted  the  street  Jews  In  the  orange 

trade,  110 

houses  of,  115 

history  of  some  of  the  sellers,  121 

religion  of,  III 

resources  of.  as  regards  stock,  money,  sickness, 

burials,  &c.,  120 

(street),  108 

Irishwoman  street-seller,  an,  521 
Jewellery  street-sellers,  382 
Lace,  street-sellers  of,  428 

maker's  appeal,  404 

Lavender,  street  sale  of,  142 
Literature,  street-flelien  of,  332 
capital  and  Income  of,  332 
London,  children  street-sellers  of,  524 
Lot  sellers,  499 
i.ow  todatng-honaM  ol  London,  269, 453 

of  tin-  country,  278 

fllth,  dishonesty,  and  Immorality  of.  272 

Luctter  matches,  street-sellers  of,  481 
Manufactured  articles,  street-sellers  of,  351 

in  metal,  street-sellers  of  352 

Manuscript  and  other  music,  331 

Market*  (the  London  street)  on  a  Saturday  night.  11 

on  a  Sunday  morning,  12 

May,  palm,  Ace.,  street  silt-  of,  ir.l 
Mechanic's  Wife  •  r.  513 

Milk  M-lllng  In  St.  ,lam.-sViKirk,20l 

street  salt 

MlM-rll.m-.ii-.  manufactured  articles,  street-sellers  of,  486 
Multin  and  crumpet-selling  In  the  streets,  214 
Newspapers.  liooks,  £c..  sale  of,  at  railway  ttatlons,  315 
.Nut  selling  In  the  streets,  93 
Orphan  girl,  life  of,  540 

boy  street-seller,  MO 

Onion  selling  In  the  streets,  99 

Orange  and  lemon  selling  In  the  streets,  91 

ami  nut  market,  :m 

Oyster  -.eliin-  In  Hie  streets,  77 

Packman,  statement  ot  a.  CJl 

Packmen  or  hawkers  of  soft  wares,  419 

Pastry  Hers  of,  205 

P.i! ten  i  .rrlage,  and  characteristics  of 

the  ditteivnt  grades  of,  261 

be!|ftit    » 

tt.nner  and  present  state  of,  229 

haliits,  opinions,  morals,  and  religion  of,  231 

(running),  261 

experience  of,  238 

recent  experience  of,  238 

(standing),  248 

experience  of,  250 

Pattering  class  epitome  of,  335 

Pea-soup  and  hot  eels,  street-sellers  of,  168 

Pedlar  Jeweller.  383 

"Penny  uati. 

Peppermint  water,  street  sale  of,  201 

Periodicals,  pamphlets,  tracts,  books,  &c.,  street-sellers  of, 

on  the  steamboats  and  steamboat  piers,  sale  of.  314 

Periwinkle  selling  In  the  streets,  78 
Pickpocket,  statement  of  a  young,  4>VJ 
Pictures  In  frames,  street  selling  of,  330 
Pieman,  street,  205 

"  Pinners  up,"  or  wall  song  sellers.  294 
Pipes,  street-sellei  s  of.  490 
Plantain  sellers,  156 
Play-bills,  street-sellers  of,  311 
Plum  "duff  or  dough,  street-seller*  of,  207 
Poets  and  authors,  street,  300 
Poison  for  rats,  502 
political  litanies,  dialogues,  &c.,  252 
Pot-herbs  and  celery,  100 
Potatoes  (baked),  street  trade  In,  1*1 
Poultry  and  game,  street  purchasers  of,  131 

hawkers,  statement  ot  two,  I:K 

< (live  and  dead),  game,  rabbits,  butter,  cheese,  and 

ecgs,  street-sellers  of,  126 


Poultry,  live,  and  game,  street  sale  of,  128 

Prostitute,  statement  of  a,  458 

Public-house  hawkers  of  metal  spoons,  380 

Publishers  and  authors  of  street  literature,  234 

Puddings  (iKjiled),  street-seller  of,  207 

Rabbit  selling  in  the  streets,  135 

Razor-paste,  street-sellers  of,  479 

Reduced  gentlewoman  and  a  reduced  tradesman,  as  ttreet- 

sellers  of  stationery,  291 
Religious  tract-sellers, 250 
Rhubarb  and  spice,  street-sellers  of,  504 
Rice-milk,  street-sellers  of,  203 
Rings  and  sovereigns  for  wagers,  street-sellers  of,  389 
Roasted  chestnuts  and  apples,  94 
Ritulette-lmxes,  street-sellers  of. 501 
Runaway  street-l«>ys,  two,  540 
"  Screevers,"  or  writers  of  begging  letters  and  petitions, 

339 

Second  editions,  sellers  of,  246 
Seeds,  sale  of,  147 

Sheep's-trotter  seller,  statement  of  a,  179 
Sheep's-trotters,  street-sellers  of,  176 

preparation  of,  and  quantity  sold,  176 

Shell-fish  sellers  In  the  streets,  75 
Shrimp  selling,  77 

Single  woman  street-seller,  a,  517 

•  Slant: "  weights  and  measures,  36 
Small  ware,  street-sellers  of,  4-7 
Smith  field  races,  29 

Si.ntt-i  Hers  of,  490 

Song  sellers  (long),  235 
Songs,  Bl  t.  294 

.ma  ornaments,  and  stone  fruit,  street-sellers  ot 

410 

Spectacle  and  eye-glasses,  street-sellers  of,  496 
Sponge,  ttxeet-flellen  of,  494 

.iik'  in  the  str. 
Stationery,  literature,  and  tine  arts,  street-seller  of,  227 

sir-  ->7.  30t5 

Stationer;-  .ird  sellers, 281 

e.\peri'-||.  . 

capital  and  income  of,  332 

Stalls  (street),  character  of,  103 

number  of,  nrj 

.ilklng).  street-sellers  of,  4vS7 
"Strawii 

ildren,  amusements  of,532 

clothing  of,  532 

diet 

dwelling-places  Of,  531 

edui-atloii  of,  528 

morals,  religion,  opinions  of,  530 

propensities  of,  535 

and  costermongers  in  particular. 
variep 

Led"  child.  53s 
•ulilic  meeting  »',  1"7 

tropolls,M 

i>-rs  and  customers  of,  215 

street  sal> 

.Mied),  street-sellers  of,  430 


KHs-o 

Tinware 


?t-sellers  of,  412 


r,  392 

seller,  lit.- 

-.-Hers  of.  490 
Tools,  Bl  1,399 

.-t  sale  of,  136 

Trotting  or  hawking  butchers,  1»3 
Turf  cutting  and  selling,  163 

cutter,  experience  and  customers  of,  165 

Vegetables,  sti  • 

aristocratic  sale  of,  86 

"  V  ic  "  gallery,  20 

Wandering  tribes  of  this  country,  3 

In  general,  4 

Wash-leathers,  street-sellers  of,  495 

•i.-w-jtapers  at  Billingsgate,  sale  of,  314 
Watches  (children's  gilt  .  -  of,  IM 

Water-cress  selling  in  Farrlngdon-market,  153 
Water-cresses,table  showing  the  quantity  sold  w  holesale  at 
"  green  markets,"  and  retail  In  the  streets,  153 

street-sellers  of,  155 

Water-cress  girl,  157 

Water-carriers,  204 

Whelks  (pickled),  street-sellers  of,  171 

•  purchasers  of,  173 
Whips,  street-sellers  of,  488 
Widow,  street-seller,  a,  623 
Women  street-sellers,  511 


LOXDON:  FJUKTKD  BT  WILLIAM  CLOWES  AXD  SONS,  LIMITED,  STAMFORD  STREET 
AND  QUAKING  CROM. 


CATALOGUE 


OF 


STANDARD    WORKS 


PUBLISHED  BY 


CHARLES  GRIFFIN  &  COMPANY. 


PAGE 

I. — Religious  Works,     .                  .         .         .         .       i 
II. — Scientific        „ 6 

III.  -Educational   „ 18 

IV.  Works  in  General  Literature, 


LONDON: 
12    EXETER    STREET,    STRAND. 


NOTICE, 


New  Issue  of  this  Important  Work— Enlarged,  in  part  Re-written,  and 
thoroughly  Revised  to  date. 

EIGHTEENTH  EDITION,  Royal  %vo.     Handsome  Cloth,  IQS.  6d. 
A    DICTIONARY    OF 

DOMESTIC  MEDICINE  AND  HOUSEHOLD  SURGERY, 

BY 

SPENCER  THOMSON,  M.D.,   EDIN.,   L.R.C.S., 

REVISED,  AND  IN  PART  RE-WRITTEN,  BY  THE  AUTHOR, 

AND   BY 

JOHN    CHARLES    STEELE,    M.D., 

OF  GUY'S  HOSPITAL. 

With  Appendix  on  the  Management  of  the  Sick-room,  and  many  Hints  for  the 
Diet  and  Comfort  of  Invalids. 


In  its  New  Form,  DR.  SPENCER  THOMSON'S  "DICTIONARY  OF  DOMESTIC  MEDICINE" 
fully  sustains  its  reputation  as  the  "Representative  Book  of  the  Medical  Knowledge  and 
Practice  of  the  Day  "  applied  to  Domestic  Requirements. 

The  most  recent  IMPROVEMENTS  in  the  TREATMENT  OF  THE  SICK— in  APPLIANCES 
for  the  RELIEF  OF  PAIN— and  in  all  matters  connected  with  SANITATION,  HYGIENE,  and 
the  MAINTENANCE  of  the  GENERAL  HEALTH— will  be  found  in  the  New  Issue  in  clear 
and  full  detail ;  the  experience  of  the  Editors  in  the  Spheres  of  Private  Practice  and  of 
Hospital  Treatment  respectively,  combining  to  render  the  Dictionary  perhaps  the  most 
thoroughly  practical  work  of  the  kind  in  the  English  Language.  Many  new  Engravings 
have  been  introduced — improved  Diagrams  of  different  parts  of  the  Human  Body,  and 
Illustrations  of  the  newest  Medical,  Surgical,  and  Sanitary  Apparatus. 

%*  All  Directions  given  in  such  a  form  as  to  be  readily  and  safely  followed. 


FROM  THE  AUTHOR'S  PREFATORY  ADDRESS. 

"Without  entering  upon  that  difficult  ground  which  correct  professional  knowledge  and  educated 
judgment  can  alone  permit  to  be  safely  trodden,  there  is  a  wide  and  extensive  field  for  exertion,  and  for 
usefulness,  open  to  the  unprofessional,  in  the  kindly  offices  of  a  true  DOMESTIC  MEDICINE,  the  timely 
help  and  solace  of  a  simple  HOUSEHOLD  SURGERY,  or,  better  still,  in  the  watchful  care  more  generally 
known  as  'SANITARY  PRECAUTION,'  which  tends  rather  to  preserve  health  than  to  cure  disease. 
"The  touch  of  a  gentle  hand'  will  not  be  less  gentle  because  guided  by  knowledge,  nor  will  the  safe  domestic 
remedies  be  less  anxiously  or  carefully  administered.  Life  may  be  saved,  suffering  may  always  be  alleviated. 
Even  to  the  resident  in  the  midst  of  civilization,  the  '  KNOWLEDGE  IS  POWER,'  to  do  good;  to  the 
•ettler  and  emigrant  it  is  INVALUABLE." 


"Dr.  Thomson  has  fully  succeeded  in  conveying  to  the  public  a  vast  amount  of  useful  professional 
knowledge."—  Dublin  Journal  of  Medical  Science. 

"  The  amount  of  useful  knowledge  conveyed  in  this  Work  is  surprising." — Medical  Times  and  Gazette. 
"WORTH  ITS  WKICHT  IN  GOLD  TO  FAMILIES  AND  THK  CLERGY."—  Oxford  Herald. 


LONDON :  CHARLES  GRIFFIN  &  CO.,  EXETER  STREET,  STRAND. 


CHARLES  GRIFFIN  &  COMPANY'S 

LIST  OF  PUBLICATIONS. 


RELIGIOUS    WORKS. 


ALTAR  OF    THE    HOUSEHOLD   (The);    a 

Series  of  Prayers  and  Selections  from  the  Scriptures,  for  Domestic  Wor- 
ship, for  every  Morning  and  Evening  in  the  Year.  By  the  Rev.  Dr. 
HARRIS,  assisted  by  eminent  Contributors,  with  an  Introduction  by  the 
Rev.  W.  LINDSAY  ALEXANDER,  D.D.  New  Edition,  entirely  Revised. 
Royal  410,  with  Steel  Frontispiece.  Cloth,  gilt  edges,  22/. 

Illustrated  with  a  Series  of  First-class  Engravings  on  Steel,  28/. 

May  also  be  had  bound  in  the  following  styles  :  half-bound  calf,  marbled 
edges  ;  and  levant  morocco,  antique,  gilt  edges. 

ANECDOTES   (CYCLOPAEDIA   OF    RELIGIOUS   AND 

MORAL).  With  an  Introductory  Essay  by  the  Rev.  GEORGE  CHEEVER, 
D.D.  Thirty-fourth  Thousand.  Crown  8vo.  Cloth,  3/6. 

*•*  These  Anecdotes  relate  to  no  trifling  subjects  ;  and  they  have  been  selected,  not 
for  amusement,  but  for  instruction.  By  those  engaged  in  the  tuition  of  the  young,  they 
will  be  found  highly  useful. 

BIBLE  HISTORY  (A  Manual  of).     By  the  Rev. 

J.  WYCLIFFE  GEDGE,  Diocesan  Inspector  of  Schools  for  Winchester. 
Small  8vo.  Cloth,  neat,  yd. 

"  This  small  but  very  comprehensive  Manual  is  much  more  than  a  mere  summary  of 
Bible  History."— Church  Sunday  School  Magazine. 

BUNYAN'S    PILGRIM'S    PROGRESS.     With 

Expository  Lectures  by  the  Rev.  KOKKKT  MA<;I;IRI,  Incumbent  of  St. 
Olave's,  Southwark.  With  Steel  Engravings.  Second  Edition.  Im- 
perial 8vo.  Cloth,  gilt,  lo/C. 

THE  LARGE-TYPE  BUNYAN. 

BUNYAN'S    PILGRIM'S    PROGRESS.     With 

Life  and   Notes,    Experimental   and    1'i.uii. .»!,    by    \\H.II\M     MASON. 


Printed 

Thousand. 


in  large  type,  an«l  Illustrated  with  full  -page  Woodcuts.     Twelfth 
<d.     Crown  8vo.     Bevelled  boards,  gilt,  and  gilt  edges,  3/6. 

BUNYAN'S    SELECT    WORKS.      With    an 

Original  Sketch  of  the  Author's  Life  and  Times.     Numerous  Engravings. 
'  Edition.     Two  vols.,  super-royal  8vo.     Cloth,  367. 


CHARLES  GRIFFIN  <fc  COMPANY'S 


CHRISTIAN   YEAR  (The):  Thoughts  in  Verse 

for  the  Sundays  and  Holy  Days  throughout  the  Year.  With  an  original 
Memoir  of  the  Rev.  JOHN  KEBLE,  by  W.  TEMPLE,  Portrait,  and  sixteen 
beautiful  Engravings  on  Steel,  after  eminent  Masters.  In  410.  Handsome 
cloth,  12/6. 

Unique  walnut  boards,         .         .         .     2i/. 

Morocco  antique,         ....     25/. 


ILLUSTRATIONS. 


Morning      ..         ..  after  H.  HOWARD,  R. A. 


Sunset 
A  Mountain  Stream 
A  River  Scene 
A  Mountain  Lake 
A  Greek  Temple 
A  Village  Church 
The  Wayside  Cross 


G.  BARRETT. 
C.  BENTLEY. 

C.  W.   RAOri.YFFK. 

J.  M.  W.  TURNER. 

D.  ROBERTS,  R.A. 
C.  W.  RADCLYFFE. 

TONT  JOHANNOT. 


The  Old  Mansion  .  .  after  C.  W.  RADCLYFFE. 


The  Cathedral  Choir 
Sunset  (after  CLAUDE) 
Moonlieht 


Landscape 
Halt  in  the  Desert 
Guardian  Angels 


LEVAINT. 

G.  BARRETT' 

HOFLAND. 

C.  W.  RADCLYFFE. 

D.  ROBERTS,  R.A. 
H.  HOWARD,  R.A. 


The  Church  Gate        „     C.  W.  RADCLYFFE. 


"An  Edition  de  luxe,  beautifully  got  up  ...  admirably  adapted  for  a  gift-book." — 
John  Bull. 

CHRISTIAN  YEAR  (The):  With  Memoir  of  the 

Author  by  W.  TEMPLE,   Portrait,  and  Eight  Engravings  on  Steel,  after 
eminent  Masters.    New  Edition.     Small  8vo,  toned  paper.    Cloth  gilt,  5/. 

Morocco  elegant,         ....     10/6. 

Malachite, 12/6. 

%*  The  above  are  the  only  issues  of  the  "  Christian  Year  "  with  Memoir  and  Portrait 
of  the  Author.     In  ordering,  Griffin's  Editions  should  be  specified. 


COMMENTARIES  ON  THE  HOLY  SCRIPTURES. 
HENRY  (Matthew):   The  HOLY  BIBLE. 

With  a  Commentary  and  Explanatory  Notes.    New  Edition.    In  3 
vols.,  super-royal  8vo.     Strongly  bound  in  cloth,  5O/. 

SCOTT  (Rev.  Thomas)  :  A  COMMEN- 
TARY ON  THE  BIBLE;  containing  the  Old  and  New 
Testaments  according  to  the  Authorised  Version,  with  Practical 
Observations,  copious  Marginal  References,  Indices,  <S:e.  New 
Edition.  In  3  vols.,  royal  410.  Cloth,  637. 


CRUDEN'S    COMPLETE    CONCORDANCE 

TO  THE  OLD  AND  NEW  TESTAMENTS  AND  THE  BOOKS 
CALLED  APOCRYPHAL.  Edited  and  Corrected  by  WILLIAM 
YODNGM.VN.  With  fine  Portrait  of  CRUDEN.  New  Edition.  Imperial 
Svo.  Cloth,  handsome  gilt  top,  7/6. 


DICK      (Thos.,      LL.D.):      CELESTIAL 

SCENERY  ;  or,  The  Wonders  of  the  Planetary  System  Displayed.  This 
Work  is  intended  for  general  readers,  presenting  to  their  view,  in  an 
attractive  manner,  sublime  objects  of  contemplation.  Illustrated.  New 
Edition.  Crown  Svo,  toned  paper.  Handsomely  bound,  gilt  edges,  5/. 

DICK    (Dr.):    CHRISTIAN    PHILOSOPHER 

(The) ;  or,  The  Connection  of  Science  and  Philosophy  with  Religion. 
Revised  and  enlarged.  Illustrated  with  150  Engravings  on  Wood.  Twenty- 
eighth  Eattion.  Crown  8vo,  toned  paper.  Handsomely  bound,  with  gilt 
edges,  s/. 


RELIGIOUS  P 


STANDARD    BIBLICAL   WORKS 

BY 

THE    REV.   JOHN    EADIE,  D.D.,    LL.D., 

LaU  a  Member  of  tkt  ,V«w  Testament  Revision  Company. 


This  SERIES  has  been  prepared  to  afford  sound  and  necessary  aid  to  the  Reader  of  Holy 
Scripture.  The  VOLUMES  comprised  in  it  form  in  themselves  a  COMPLETE  LIBRARY 
OF  REFERENCE.  The  number  of  Copies  already  issued  greatly  exceeds  A  QUARTER  OF  A 

MILLION. 


I.  EADIE    (Rev.    Prof.):    BIBLICAL   CYCLO- 

PyEDIA  (A) ;  or,    Dictionary  of  Eastern  Antiquities,    Geography,   and 

Natural  History,  illustrative  of  the  Old  and  New  Testaments.    With  Maps, 

many  Engravings,  and  Lithographed  Facsimile  of  the   Moabite   Stone. 

Large  post  8vo,  700  pages.     Twenty-third  Edition.    Handsome  cloth,  7/6. 

Half-bound,  calf,          ....      10/6. 

Morocco  antique,  gilt  edges,         .         .     i6/. 

"  By  far  the  best  Bible  Dictionary  for  general  use. "— Cleric <tl  Journal, 

II.  EADIE    (Rev.    Prof.):    CRUDEN'S    CON- 
CORDANCE TO  THE   HOLY  SCRIPTURES.     With   Portrait  on 
Steel,  and  Introduction  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  KING.     Post  Svo.    Forty-seventh 
Edition.     Handsome  cloth, 3/6. 

1  lalf-bound,  calf,  ....  6/6. 
Full  calf,  gilt  edges,  ....  8/6. 
Full  morocco,  gilt  edges,  .  .  .  IO/6. 

V   f'r.  EADm'shas  long  and  deservedly  borne  the  reputation  of  being  the  COM- 
PLETESTand  BEST  CONCORDANCE 

III.  EADIE  (Rev.  Prof.):  CLASSIFIED  BIBLE 

(The).     An  Analytical  Concordance.     Illustrated  by  Maps.     Large  Post 
8vo.     Sixth  Edition.     Handsome  cloth,  .         .         .       8/6. 

Full  morocco,  antique,         .         .         •     '?/• 

"We  have  only  to  add  our  unqualified  commendation  of  a  work  of  real  excellence  to 
every  Biblical  student. "-Christen  Timtt. 

IV.  EADIE  (Rev.  Prof.):  ECCLESIASTICAL 

CYCLOP/EDIA  (The).     A   l>it!:«»nary  of  Christian  Antinuitk-s,  nnd  of 
the   History  of  the  Christian  Church.     By  the  R< 
assisted  by  numerous  Contributors.     Large   Post  Svo.     Sixth  Edition. 
Handsome  doth,     .......      8/6. 

Full  morocco,  antique,        .         .  »7A 

KcaniASTicAL  Cvcu>r*DiA  will  prove  acceptable  both  to  the  clergy  and  laity 
of  Great  Uriuin.     A  great  body  of  useful  in£rm«two  will  be  found  in  it.  "-Atkftutxm. 

V.  EADIE  (Rev.  Prof.):  A  DICTIONARY  OF 

I!     !I'>L\  Map  and 

Illustration*.     Small  Svo.     TV  rhomsand.     Cloth,  elegant,  2/6. 

•         • 


CHARLES  GRIFFIN  6  COMPANY'S 


FOSTER   (Charles)  :   THE  STORY  OF  THE 

BIBLE,  from  Genesis  to  Revelation — including  the  Historical  Connection 
between  the  Old  and  New  Testaments.  Told  in  Simple  Language. 
Large  Post  8vo,  with  Maps  and  over  250  Engravings  (many  of  them  Full- 
page,  after  the  Drawings  of  Professor  CARL  SCHONHERR  and  others), 
illustrative  of  the  Bible  Narrative,  and  of  Eastern  Manners  and  Customs. 
Now  Ready.  Third  Thousand. 


Home  and  School  Edition,  cloth  elegant,        .        .     6/. 
Prize  and  Presentation  Edition,  beautifully  gilt,      .     7/6. 


OPINIONS  OF  THE  PRESS. 

"  A  book  which,  once  taken  up,  is  not  easily  laid  down.  When  the  volume  is  opened, 
we  are  fairly  caught.  Not  to  speak  of  the  well-executed  wood  engravings,  which  will 
each  tell  its  story,  we  find  a  simple  version  of  the  main  portions  of  the  Bible,  all  that  may 
most  profitably  be  included  in  a  work  intended  at  once  to  instruct  and  charm  the  young 
— a  version  couched  in  the  simplest,  purest,  most  idiomatic  English,  and  executed 
throughout  with  good  taste,  and  in  the  most  reverential  spirit.  The  -work  needs  only  to 
be  known  to  make  its  way  into  families,  and  it  will  (at  any  rate,  it  ought  to)  become  a 
favourite  Manual  in  Sunday  Schools." — Scotsman. 

"  A  HOUSEHOLD  TREASURE."  -  Western  Morning  News, 

"This  attractive  and  handsome  volume  .  .  .  written  in  a  simple  and  transparent 
style.  .  .  .  Mr.  Foster's  explanations  and  comments  are  MODELS  OF  TEACHINC,." — 
Freeman. 

"This  large  and  handsome  volume,  abounding  in  Illustrations,  is  just  what  is  wanted. 
.     .     The  STORY  is  very  beautifully  and  reverently  told."—  Glasgow  News. 

"  There  could  be  few  better  Presentation  Books  than  this  handsome  volume." — Daily 
Revinv. 

"  This  elegant  volume  will  prove  a  valuable  adjunct  in  the  Home  Circle  and  Sunday 
Class."—  Western  Daily  Mercury. 

"  WILL  ACCOMPLISH  A  GOOD  WORK."— Sunday  School  Chronicle. 

"  In  this  beautiful  volume  no  more  of  comment  is  indulged  in  than  is  necessary  to  the 
elucidation  of  the  text.  Everything  approaching  Sectarian  narrowness  is  carefully 
eschewed. " — Methodist  Magazine. 

"  This  simple  and  impressive  Narrative  .  .  .  succeeds  thoroughly  in  rivetting  the 
attention  of  children  ;  .  .  .  admirably  adapted  for  reading  in  the  Home  Circle." — 
Daily  Chronicle. 

"The  HISTORICAL  SKETCH  connecting  the  Old  and  New  Testaments  is  a  very  good 
idea  ;  it  is  a  common  fault  to  look  on  these  as  distinct  histories,  instead  of  as  parts  of 
one  grand  whole. "—  Christian . 

"  Sunday  School  Teachers  and  Heads  of  Families  will  best  know  how  to  value  this 
handsome  volume."— Northern  Whig. 


KITTO    (John,    D.D.,    F.S.A.)  :    THE     HOLY 

LAND  :  The  Mountains,  Valleys,  and  Rivers  of  the  Holy  Land  ;  being 
the  Physical  Geography  of  Palestine.  With  eight  full-page  Illustrations. 
Eleventh  TJwusand.  New  Edition.  Fcap  8vo.  Cloth,  2/6. 

%*  Contains  within  a  small  compass  a  body  of  most  interesting  and  valuable  information . 

THE  PICTORIAL  SUNDAY   BOOK: 

Containing  nearly  two  thousand  Illustrations  on  Steel  and  Wood,  and  a 
Series  of  Maps.  Seventy-third  Thousand.  Folio.  Cloth,  gilt,  3O/. 


RELIGIOUS  PUBLICATIONS. 


PALEY(Archdeacon):NATURALTHEOLOGY. 

The     Evidences     of     the     Existence  and     the    Attributes     of     the 

Deity.      With   Illustrative  .Notes  and  Dissertations,   by   HENRY,  Lord 

BROUGHAM,  and  Sir  CHARLES  BELL.  Many  Engravings.      One  vol., 
i6mo.     Cloth,  4/. 

-   With     Lord    BROUGHAM'S    NOTES    AND 

DIALOGUES    ON    INSTINCT.      Many  Illustrations.      Three  vols., 
i6mo.     Cloth,  7/6. 

"  When  Lord  Brougham's  eloquence  in  the  Senate  shall  have  passed  away,  and  his 
services  as  a  statesman  shall  exist  only  in  the  free  institutions  which  they  have  helped 
to  secure,  his  discourse  on  Natural  Theology  will  continue  to  inculcate  imperishable 
truths,  and  fit  the  mind  for  the  higher  revelations  which  these  truths  are  destined  to 
foreshadow  and  confirm."  —  Edinburgh  Review. 

RAGG  (Rev.  Thomas)  :   CREATION'S  TESTI- 

'NY  TO  ITS  GOD:  the  Accordance  of  Science,  Philosophy,  and 
Revelation.  Thirteenth  Edition.  Large  crown  8vo.  Handsome  cloth, 
bevelled  boards,  5/. 

"  We  are  not  a  little  pleased  again  to  meet  with  the  author  of  this  volume  in  the  new 
edition  of  his  far-famed  work.  Mr.  Ragg  is  one  of  the  few  original  writers  of  our  time 
to  whom  justice  is  being  done."—  British  Standard. 

»*•  This  wctk  has  been  pronounced  "The  Book  of  the  Age,"  "The  best  popular 
Text-  Book  of  the  Sciences,"  and  "  The  only  complete  Manual  of  Religious  Evidence, 
Natural  and  Revealed." 

RELIGIONS  OF  THE  WORLD  (The)  :  Being 

Confessions  of  Faith  contributed  by  Eminent  Members  of  every  Denomi- 
nation of  Christians,  also  of  Mahometanism,  Parseeism,  Brahminism, 
rmonism,  &c.,  &c.,  with  a  Harmony  of  the  Christian  Confessions  of 
Faith  by  a  Member  of  the  Evangelical  Alliance.  Crown  Svo.  Cloth 
bevelled,  3/6. 

•*•  In  this  volume,  each  denomination,  through  some  leading  member,  has  expressed 
its  own  opinions.  There  is  no  book  in  the  language  on  the  same  plan.  All  other  works 
on  the  subject,  being  written  by  one  individual,  arc  necessarily  one-sided,  incomplete, 
and  unauthcntic. 

SOUTHGATE  ,  (Henry)  :    SUGGESTIVE 

THOUGHTS  »N  Ki:i.K,Iol>  SUBJECTS.  (See  page  31.) 

SOUTHGATE  (Mrs.    Henry):    THE   CHRIS- 

I  IAN  LI  I  I  :  Thoughts  in  Prose  and  Verse  from  Five  hundred  of 
the  Best  Writers  of  all  .A  ctcd  and  Arranged  for  Every  Day  in 

the  Year.  Small  Svo.  With  Kc«l  Lines  and  unique  Initial  Letters  on 
each  page.  Cloth  Elegant,  5,.  Morocco,  10/6. 

"  A  volume  so,  handsome  as  it  U  intrinsically  valuable."  -Scottman. 

The  readings  are  excellent."—  Ktcord. 
"  A  library  in  \\vc\V-Northern 


WORDS  AND  WORKS  OF  OUR  BLESSED 

LORD:     and    their   Lessons    for    Daily   Life.        Two    Vols.    in   One. 
Foolscap,  Svo.     Cloth,  gilt  edges,  6/. 


CHARLES  GRIFFIN  <t  COMPANY'S 


SCIENTIFIC     WORKS. 


MEDICAL   WORKS 


By  WILLIAM  AITKEN,  M.D.,  Edin.,  F.R.S., 

PROFESSOR    OF    PATHOLOGY    IN    THE    ARMY    MEDICAL    SCHOOL  ;    EXAMINER    IN    MEDICINE   FOE 

THE    MILITARY    MEDICAL    SERVICES   OF    THE   QUEEN  ;    FELLOW    OF   THE   SANITARY 

INSTITUTE  OF  GREAT   BRITAIN  ;   CORRESPONDING    MEMBER   OF    THE    ROYAL 

IMPERIAL    SOCIETY    OF    PHYSICIANS    OK    VIENNA  ;     AND    OF   THE 

SOCIETY  OF  MEDICINE  AND  NATURAL  HISTORY  OF  DRESDEN. 


Now  Ready.     Seventh  Edition. 

The  SCIENCE  and  PRACTICE  of  MEDICINE. 

In  Two  Volumes,  Royal  8vo.,  cloth.  Illustrated  by  numerous  Engrav- 
ings on  Wood,  and  a  Map  of  the  Geographical  Distribution  of  Diseases. 
To  a  great  extent  Rewritten  ;  Enlarged,  Remodelled,  and  Carefully 
Revised  throughout,  427. 

In  reference  to  the  Seventh  Ed.'tion  of  this  important  Work,  the  Publishers 
•would  only  rental  k,  that  no  labour  or  expense  has  been  spared  to  sustain  its 
well-known  reputation  as  "  The  Representative  Book  of  the  Medical  Science  and 
Practice  of  the  Day"  Among  the  More  Important  Features  of  the  New  Edition, 
the  subject  of  DISEASES  OF  THE  BRAIN  AND  NERVOUS  SYSTEM  may  be  specially 
mentioned.  

Opinions  of  the  Press. 

"The  work  is  an  admirable  one,  and  adapted  to  the  requirements  of  the  Student, 
Professor,  and  Practitioner  of  Medicine.  .  .  .  The  reader  will  find  a  large  amount  of 
information  not  to  be  met  with  in  other  books,  epitomised  for  him  in  this.  We  know  of 
no  work  that  contains  so  much,  or  such  full  and  varied  information  on  all  subjects  con- 
nected with  the  Science  and  Practice  of  Medicine."—  Lancet. 

"Excellent  from  the  beginn.ng,  and  improved  in  each  successive  issue,  Dr.  Aitken's 
GREAT  and  STANDARD  \vuKK  has  now,  with  vast  and  judicious  labour,  been  brought 
abreast  of  every  recent  advance  in  scientific  medicine  and  the  healing  art,  and  affords  to  the 
Student  and  Practitioner  a  store  of  knowledge  and  guidance  of  altogether  inestimable  value. 
.  .  .  The  first  530  Pages  of  the  Second  Volume  would,  if  printed  separately,  form  perhaps 
the  best  text-book  in  our  language  for  the  student  of  Neurology  and  Insanity.  A  masterly 
and  philosophical  review,  characterised  by  the  precision  of  the  specialist,  and  the 
breadth  of  the  catholic  physician,  is  presented  in  these  pages  of  the  varied  phenomena 
connected  with  morbid  conditions  of  the  nervous  system  in  their  relation  to 
anatomical  structure,  chemical  composition,  physiological  uses,  and  pathological  changes. 
.  .  .  A  classical  work  which  does  honour  to  British  Medicine,  and  is  a  compendium  of 
sound  knowledge." — Extract  from  Rerinv  in  "Brain,"  by  J.  Crichton-Brou'ne,  M.D., 
F.R.S.,  Lord  Chancellors  Visitor  in  Lunacy. 

'•The  SEVENTH  EDITION  of  this  important  Text-Book  fully  maintains  its  reputation. 
.  .  .  Dr.  Aitken  is  indefatigable  in  his  efforts.  .  .  .  The  section  on  DISEASES  of 
the  BRAIN  and  NERVOUS  SYSTEM  is  completely  remodelled,  so  as  to  include  all  the 
most  recent  researches,  which  in  this  department  have  been  not  less  important  than  they 
are  numerous. " — British  Medical  Journal. 

"The  STANDARD  TEXT-BOOK  in  the  English  Language.  .  .  .  There  is,  perhaps, 
no  work  more  indispensable  for  the  Practitioner  and  Student."—  Edin.  Medical  Journal. 

"  In  its  system,  in  its  scope,  and  in  its  method  of  dealing  with  the  subjects  treated  of, 
this  work  differs  from  all  other  Text-Books  on  the  Science  of  Medicine  in  the  English 
language." — Medical  Times  and  Gazette. 

"  The  extraordinary  merit  of  Dr.  Aitken's  work.  .  .  .  The  author  has  unquestion- 
ably performed  a  service  to  the  profession  of  the  most  valuable  kind."—  Practitioner. 

'  Altogether  this  voluminous  treatise  is  a  credit  to  its  Author,  its  Publisher,  and  to 
English  Physic.  .  .  .  Affords  an  admirable  and  honest  digest  of  the  opinions  and 
practice  of  the  day.  .  .  .  Commends  itself  to  us  for  sterling  value,  width  of  retrospect, 
and  fairness  of  representation." — Medico-Ckirurgrcal  Review. 

"  Diseases  are  here  described  which  have  hitherto  found  no  place  in  any  English 
systematic  work." — Westminster  Review. 

"  We  can  say  with  perfect  confidence,  that  no  medical  man  in  India  should  be  without 
Dr.  Aitken's  'Science  and  Practice  of  Medicine.'  The  article  on  Cholera  is  by  far  the 
most  complete,  judicious,  and  learned  summary  of  our  knowledge  respecting  this  disease 
which  has  yet  appeared." — Indian  Medical  Gazette. 


SCIENTIFIC  PfTBLfCATlONS. 


PROF.  AITKBN'S  WORKS— (Continual). 

OUTLINES  OF  THE  SCIENCE  AND 

PRACTICE  OF  MEDICINE.  A  Text-Book  for  Students.  Second 
Edition.  Crown  8vo,  12/6. 

"  Students  preparing  for  examinations  will  hail  it  as  a  perfect  godsend  for  its  concise- 
ness. ' ' — A  tnsturvm. 

"Well-digested,  clear,  and  well-written,  the  work  of  a  man  conversant  with  every 
detail  of  his  subject,  and  a  thorough  master  of  the  art  of  teaching."— Br.tisk  Medical 
Journal. 

"In  respect  of  both  the  matter  contained,  and  the  manner  in  which  it  is  conveyed, 
oar  examination  has  convinced  us  that  nothing  could  be  better.  .  .  .  We  know  of 
no  summary  of  the  use  of  Electricity  as  a  means  of  diagnosis,  equal  to  that  contained  in 
'•ction  on  Diseases  of  the  Nenrous  System." — Medico-Chintrgical  Review. 

THE  GROWTH  OF  THE  RECRUIT, 

and  the  Young  Soldier,  with  a  view  to  the  Selection  of  "Growing  Lads " 
and  their  Training,  2/6. 


ANSTED    (Prof.,    M.A.,    F.R.S.) :    NATURAL 

HISTORY  OF  THE  INANIMATE  CREATION,  recorded  in  the 
Structure  of  the  Earth,  the  Plants  of  the  Field,  and  the  Atmospheric 
Phenomena.  With  numerous  Illustrations.  Large  post  8vo.  Cloth,  8/6. 

BAIRD  (W.,  M.D.,  F.L.S.,  late  of  the  Brit.  Mus.) : 

THE  STUDENTS  NATURAL  HISTORY;  a  Dictionary  of  the 
Natural  Sciences:  Botany.  Conchology,  Entomology,  Geology,  Miner- 
alogy, Palaeontology,  and  Zoology.  With  a  Zoological  Chart,  and  over 
250  Illustrations.  Demy  8vo.  Cloth  gilt,  10/6. 

"The  work  is  a  very  useful  one,  and  will  contribute,  by  its  cheapness  and  comprehcn- 
to  foster  the  extending  taste  for  Natural  Science." — Westminster  Rtvitw. 


BROWNE    (Walter    R.,     M.A.,    M.    Inst.    C.E., 

S.,  late  Fellow  of  Trinity  College,  Cambridge) : 

THE  STUDEWTS  MECHANICS:    An  Introduction  to  the  Study 
of  Force  and  motion.     With  Diagrams.     Crown  8vo.     Cloth,  4/6. 


Contents. 


I.  FIRST  PHIMCIPLKS. 

\TICS. 
111.   KINEMATICS. 


YNAMKS. 

V.  AXIOMS,  DmnNiTtOMS,  ANI> 

VI.    Ex AMPLBS  WORKED  i\ 


1  Clear  in  style  and  practical  in  method,  "Turn  STUDKNT'S  M  ROMANICS,"  is  . 
ao  be  recommended  from  all  point*  of  view.     .     .     .     Will  h 
,  to  gain  full  knowledge."    Atktnmmm. 


merits  ot«h»«a«uth,aie  eapeciaUy  oonapicaoui  in  iu  cl«aniea»  and  brevity 
iiMiiliii  the  attention  of  all  who  have  to  teach  or  kara  Che  aieaM&U  of  ilarhanici 
.    .         An  exoattaat  ooaoeplaon."—  M^v/mMu/rr  A'tw*. 

FOUNDATIONS    OF   MI  i  HANICS. 

Papers  reprinted  from  the  Engimter.     In  crown  8vo,  I /. 

FUEL   AND   Wf  A  Manual   for 

Users  of  Steam   and   Water.     By  Prof.  ^LIIBMMLBil  iR   and   \\ .    R. 
BROWN&,  M.A.     (Sr 


CHARLES  GRIFFIN  <k  COMPANT8 


WORKS     by     A.     WYNTER     BLYTH,     M.R.C.S.,     F.C.S., 

Public  Analyst  for  the  County  of  Devon,  and  Medical  Officer  of  Health  for 
StMarylebone. 

HYGIENE  AND  PUBLIC  HEALTH  (a  Die- 

tionary  of) :  embracing  the  following  subjects  : — 

I. — SANITARY  CHEMISTRY  :  the  Composition  and  Dietetic  Value  of 

Foods,  with  the  Detection  of  Adulterations. 
II.— SANITARY  ENGINEERING  :  Sewage,  Drainage,  Storage  of  Water, 

Ventilation,  Warming,  &c. 

III.— SANITARY  LEGISLATION:  the  whole  of  the  PUBLIC  HEALTH 
ACT,  together  with  portions  of  other  Sanitary  Statutes  (without 
alteration  or  abridgment,  save  in  a  few  unimportant  instances),  in 
a  form  admitting  of  easy  and  rapid  Reference. 

IV. — EPIDEMIC  AND  EPIZOOTIC  DISEASES  :    their  History  and  Pro- 
pagation, with  the  Measures  for  Disinfection. 
V — HYGIENE— MILITARY,  NAVAL,  PRIVATE,  PUBLIC,  SCHOOL. 
Royal  8vo,  672  pp.,  cloth,  with  Map  and  140  Illustrations,  28/. 
Opinions  of  the  Press. 

"  Excellently  done  .  .  .  the  articles  are  brief,  but  comprehensive.  We  hare  tested 
the  book,  and  can  therefore  recommend  Mr.  Blyth's  Dictionary  with  confidence." — 
Westminster  Review. 

"  A  very  important  Treatise  ...  an  examination  of  its  contents  satisfies  us  that 
it  is  a  work  which  should  be  highly  appreciated." — Medico-Chirurgical  Review, 

"  A  work  that  must  have  entailed  a  vast  amount  of  labour  ana  research.  .  .  .  Will 
become  a  STANDARD  WORK  IN  HYGIENE  AND  PUBLIC  HEALTH." — Medical  Times  and 
Gazette. 

"  Contains  a  great  mass  of  information  of  easy  reference."— Sanitary  Record. 


RE-ISSUE    OF    BLYTH'S     "PRACTICAL    CHEMISTRY." 

In  2  Vols.     Crown  8vo. 

Vol.   I.— FOODS:    THEIR   COMPOSITION   AND  ANALYSIS. 
Price  i6/. 

General  Contents. 

History  of  Adulteration -Legislation,  Past  and  Present — Apparatus  useful  to  the 
Food  Analyst — "Ash" — Sugar — Confectionery— Honey — Treacle — Jams  and  Preserved 
Fruits— Starches— Wheaten- Flour— Bread— Oats  —  Barley— Rye— Rice— Maize— Millet 
— Potato — Peas — Chinese  Peas—  Lentils — Beans — M  ILK — Cream—  Butter— Cheese — Tea 
—Coffee  —  Cocoa  and  Chocolate  —  Alcohol  —  Brandy— Rum— Whisky— Gin— Arrack- 
Liqueurs — Beer — Wine — Vinegar — Lemon  and  Lime  Juice — Mustard— Pepper — Sweet 
and  Bitter  Almond — Annatto — Olive  Oil — Water.  Appendix:  Text  of  English  and 
American  Adulteration  Acts. 

In  Crown  8vo,  cloth,  -with  Elaborate  Tables,  Folding  Litho-Plate,  and  Photographic 

Frontispiece. 

Vol.    II.— POISONS:    THEIR    EFFECTS    AND    DETECTION. 
Price  i6/. 

General  Contents. 

Historical  Introduction — Statistics— General  Methods  of  Procedure — Life  Tests- 
Special  Apparatus— Classification  :  I.— ORGANIC  POISONS  :  (a.)  Sulphuric,  Hydrochloric, 
and  Nitric  Acids,  Potash,  Soda,  Ammonia,  &c.  ;  (6.)  Petroleum,  Benzene,  Camphor, 
Alcohols,  Chloroform,  Carbolic  Acid,  Prussic  Acid,  Phosphorus,  &c.  ;  (c.)  Hemlock, 
Nicotine,  Opium,  Strychnine,  Aconite,  Atropine,  Digitalis,  &c.  ;  (d.)  Poisons 
derived  from  Animal  Substances  ;  (e.)  The  Oxalic  Acid  Group.  II. — INORGANIC 
POISONS  :  Arsenic,  Antimony,  Lead,  Copper,  Bismuth,  Silver,  Mercury,  Zinc,  Nickel 
Iron,  Chromium,  Alkaline  Earths,  &c.  Appendix:  A.  Examination  of  Blood  and 
Blood-Spots.  B.  Hints  for  Emergencies:  Treatment— Antidotes. 

"  Will  be  used  by  every  Analyst"—  Lancet. 

"  Full  of  great  interest  .  .  .  The  method  of  treatment  excellent  .  .  .  Gives 
just  that  amount  of  information  which  those  able  to  appreciate  it  will  desire." — West- 
minster Review. 

"  STANDS  UNRIVALLED  for  completeness  of  information  .  .  .  A  really  '  practical  * 
•work  for  the  guidance  of  practical  men."—  Sanitary  Record. 

"The  whole  work  is  full  of  useful  practical  information."—  Chemical  News. 


SCIENTIFIC  PUBLIC ATI< 


THE    CIRCLE    OF    THE    SCIENCES:     A 

SERIES  OF  POPULAR  TREATISES  ON  THE  NATURAL  AND 
PHYSICAL  SCIENCES,  AND  THKIR  APPLICATIONS,  by 
Professors  OWEN,  ANSTED,  YOUNG,  and  TENNANT  ;  Drs.  LATHAM, 
EDWARD  SMITH,  SCOFFERN,  BUSHNAN,  and  BRONNER  ;  Messrs. 
MITCHELL,  TWISDEN,  DALLAS,  GORE,  IMRAY,  MARTIN,  SPARLING, 
and  others.  Complete  in  nine  volumes,  illustrated  with  many  thousand 
Engravings  on  Wood.  Crown  8vo.  Cloth  lettered.  Each  vol.,  5/. 

VOL.  i.— ORGANIC  NATURE.— Part  I.   Animal  and  Vegetable  Physiology:  the  Skeleton 

and  the  Teeth;  Varieties  of  the  Human  Race. 
VOL.  2.— ORGANIC  NATURE.— Part  1 1.  Structural  aud  Systematic  Botany— Inrcrtebrated 

Animals. 

VOL.  3.-ORGANIC  NATURE.-Part  III.  Vertcbrated  Animals. 
VOL.  4.- INORGANIC  NATURE.- Geology  and  Physical  Geography;   Crystallography; 

Mineralogy;   Meteorology,   and  Atmospheric   Phenomena. 

VOL.  S.-NAVIGATION  :  PRACTICAL  AND  NAUTICAL  ASTRONOMY. 

VOL.  6.-ELEMENTARY  CHEMISTRY. 

VOL.  7.-PRACTICAL  CHEMISTRY.-Electro-McUdlurgy ;  Photography;  Chemistry  of 
Food;  and  Artificial  Light. 

VOL.  8.— MATHEMATICAL  SCI ENCE.- Arithmetic  :  Algebra;  Plane  Geometry  ;  Logar- 
ithms; Plane  and  Spherical  Trigonometry;  Mensuration  and  Practical  Geometry, 
with  use  of  Instruments. 

VOL.  0.-MECHANICAL  PHILOSOPHY.— Statics;  Dynamics;  Hydrostatics;  Pneumatics; 
Practical  Mechanics ;  and  the  Steam  Engine. 


IN    SEPARATE    TREATISES.      Cloth. 

1.  ANSTED'S  Geology  and  Physical  Geography,      .         .        .  2/6. 

2.  BREEM'S  Practical  Astronomy, 2/6. 

3.  BRONNER  and  SCOFFBRN'S  Chemistry  of  Food  and  Diet,    .  1/6. 

4.  BUSHNAN'S  Physiology  of  Animal  and  Vegetable  Life,       .  1/6. 

5.  GORE'S  Theory  and  Practice  of  Electro-Deposition,    .         .  1/6. 

6.  In  RAY'S  Practical  Mechanics, 1/6. 

7.  JARDINE'S  Practical  Geometry, i/. 

8.  LATHAM'S  Varieties  of  the  Human  Species,       .         .         .  1/6. 

9.  MITCHELL  and  TENNANT'S  Crystallography  and  Mineralogy,  3/. 

10.  MITCHELL'S  Properties  of  Matter  and  Elementary  Statics,  1/6. 

11.  OWEN'S  Principal  Forms  of  the  Skeleton  and  the  Teeth,    .  1/6. 

12.  SCOFFERN'S  Chemistry  of  Heat,  Light,  and  Electricity,     .  3/. 

13.  SCOFFFRN'S  Chemistry  of  the  Inorganic  Bodies,         .        .  3/. 

14.  SCOFFRRN'S  Chemistry  of  Artificial  Light,         .        .        .  1/6. 

15.  SCOFFERN  and  LOWE'S  Practical  Meteorology,  .         .        .  1/6. 

16.  SMITH'S  Introduction  to  Botany:  Structural  and  S)stc-m:\tk,  2/. 

17.  TWISDEN'S  Plane  a;  .il  Trigor.ometry,          .         .  1/6. 

1 8.  TWISDEN  on  Logarithm!, if. 

19.  YOUNG'S  Elements  of  Algebra, I/. 

20.  YOUNG'S  Solutions  of  Questions  in  Algebra,  I/. 

2 1 .  YOUNG'S  Navigation  and  Nautical  Agronomy,  .        .        .  2/6. 

22.  YOUNG'S  Plane  Geometry, 1/6. 

23.  YOUNG'S  Simple  Arithmetic,  .         .  i/. 

24.  YOUNG'S  Elementary  Dynamic*. 1/6. 


10  CHARLES  GRIFFIN  A  COMPANTS 


DALLAS  (W.  S.,  F.L.S.) : 

A  POPULAR  HISTORY  OF  THE  ANIMAL  CREATION: 
The  Habits,  Structure,  and  Classification  of  Animals.  With  coloured 
Frontispiece  and  many  hundred  Illustrations.  New  Edition.  Crown  8vo. 
Cloth,  8/6. 


DOUGLAS  (John  Christie,  Mem.  Soc.  Tel.  Eng., 

East  India  Govt.  Telegraph  Department,  &c.) : 

A  MANUAL  OF  TELEGRAPH  CONSTRUCTION.  For  the  use 
of  Telegraph  Engineers  and  others.  With  numerous  Diagrams.  Crown 
8vo.  Cloth,  bevelled,  157. 

%*  Second  Edition.     Published  with  the  approval  of  the  Director-  General 
of  Telegraphs  in  India. 

GENERAL  CONTENTS. 

PART  I. — GENERAL  PRINCIPLES  OF  STRENGTH  AND  STABILITY  : 
with  the  Strength  of  Materials. 

PART  II. — PROPERTIES  AND  APPLICATIONS  OF  MATERIALS,  WITH 
SPECIFICATIONS. 

PART  III.— TELEGRAPH  CONSTRUCTION,  MAINTENANCE,  AND 
ORGANISATION,  treating  of  the  Application  of  the  Information 
conveyed  in  Parts  I.  and  II.  to  the  case  of  Combined  Structures; 
including  the  Construction  of  Overground,  Subterranean,  and 
Subaqueous  Lines ;  Office  Fittings  ;  Estimating ;  Organisation, 
&c. 

"  Mr.  Douglas  deserves  the  thanks  of  Telegraphic  Engineers  for  the  excellent  '  Manual ' 
now  before  us  ...  he  has  ably  supplied  an  existing  want  .  .  .  the  subject  is 
treated  with  great  clearness  and  judgment  .  .  .  good  practical  information,  given  in 
a  clear,  terse  style."—  Engineering. 

"The  amount  of  information  given  is  such  as  to  render  this  volume  a  most  useful 
guide  to  any  one  who  may  be  engaged  rn  any  branch  of  Electric  Telegraph  Engineer- 
ing. " — A  theneeum. 

"Calculated  to  be  of  great  service  to  Telegraphic  Engineers."—  Iron. 


DUPRE    (Auguste,    Ph.    D.,    F.R.S.,    Prof,    of 

Chemistry  at  the  Westminster  Hospital)  and  HAKE  (H.  W.,  Ph.  D., 
F.C.S.,  of  Queenwood  College)  : 

A  MANUAL  OF  CHEMISTRY,  Organic  and  Inorganic,  for  the  use 
of  Students.     (In  preparation). 


GRIFFIN  (John  Joseph,  F.C.S.)  : 

CHEMICAL  RECREATIONS:  A  Popular  Manual  of  Experimental 
Chemistry.  With  540  Engravings  of  Apparatus.  Tenth  Edition.  Crown 
4to.  Cloth. 

Part    I. — Elementary  Chemistry,  2/. 

Part  II.— The  Chemistry  of  the  Non-Metallic  Elements,  including  a 

Comprehensive  Course  of  Class  Experiments,  10/6. 
Or,  complete  in  one  volume,  cloth,  gilt  top,      .        .     12/6. 


SCIENTIFIC  P  UBLICA  TIONS.  1 1 


GURDEN   (Richard  Lloyd,  Authorised   Surveyor 

for  the  Governments  of  New  South  Wales  and  Victoria)  : 

TRAVERSE  TABLES :  computed  to  Four  Places  Decimals  for  every 
Minute  of  Angle  up  to  100  of  Distance.  For  the  use  of  Surveyors  and 
Engineers.  In  folio,  strongly  half-bound,  307. 

,%  Published  with  Concurrence  of  the  Surveyors- General  for  New  South 
Wales  and  Victoria. 

"  Mr.  GURDEN  is  to  be  thanked  for  the  extraordinary  labour  which  he  has  bestowed 
on  facilitating  the  work  of  the  Surveyor.  .  .  .  An  almost  unexampled  instance  of 
professional  and  literary  industry." — Athentfum, 

"Those  who  have  experience  in  exact  SURVEY-WORK  will  best  know  how  to  appreciate 
the  enormous  amount  of  labour  represented  by  this  valuable  book.  The  computations 
enable  the  user  to  ascertain  the  sines  and  cosines  for  a  distance  of  twelve  miles  to  within 
half  an  inch,  and  this  BY  REFERENCE  TO  BUT  ONE  TABLE,  in  place  of  the  usual  Fifteen 
minute  computations  required.  This  alone  is  evidence  of  the  assistance  which  the  Tables 
ensure  to  every  user,  and  as  every  Surveyor  in  active  practice  has  felt  the  want  of  such 
assistance,  few  knowing  of  their  publication  will  remain  without  them." — Engineer. 

"  We  cannot  sufficiently  admire  the  heroic  patience  of  the  author,  who,  in  order  to 
prevent  error,  calculated  each  result  by  two  different  modes,  and,  before  the  work  was 
finally  placed  in  the  Printers'  hands,  repeated  the  operation  for  a  third  time,  on  revising 
the  proofs." — Engineering. 

"  Up  to  the  present  time,  no  Tables  for  the  use  of  Surveyors  have  been  prepared, 
which,  in  minuteness  of  detail,  can  be  compared  with  those  compiled  by  Mr  Gurden. 
.  .  .  With  the  aid  of  this  book,  the  tail  of  calculation  is  reduced  to  a  minimum  ; 
and  not  only  is  time  saved,  but  the  risk  of  error  is  avoided.  Mr.  Gurden's  book  has  but 
to  be  known,  and  no  Engineer's  or  Architect's  office  will  be  without  a  copy." — Architect. 

"A  valuable  acquisition  to  those  employed  in  extensive  surveys." — Building  Nevus. 

"  These  Tables  are  Characterised  by  ABSOLUTE  SIMPLICITY  ;  the  saving  of  time 
effected  by  their  use  is  most  material.  .  .  .  Every  one  connected  with  Engineering 
or  Survey  should  be  made  aware  of  the  existence  of  this  elaborate  and  useful  set  of 
Tables."— Builder. 


JAMIESON  (Andrew,  C.E.,  F.R.S.E.)  : 

STEAM  AND  THE  STEAM  ENGINE  (A  Manual  of)  for  the  use 
of  Students  preparing  for  Government  and  other  Competitive  Examina- 
tions. With  Numerous  Diagrams.  Crown  8vo.  (In  preparation.') 


JAMIESON  (  Andrew,  C.E.),  and  MUNRO  (John, 

C.E.): 

<  >CKET-BOOK  OF  ELECTRICAL  RULES  AND  TABLES. 
—  (See  Munro,  John.) 

LEARED    (Arthur,  M.D.,    F.R.C.P.,  late  Senior 

ician  to  the  Great  Northern  Hospital  : 

I  M  I  1  I  :  I  KCT  DIGESTION  :  Its  Cause*  and  Treatment    Post  8vo. 
Seventh  Edition.     Cloth,  4/6. 

'It  now  conrtitutef  about  the  be«  work  on 


I  Beared  has  treated  •  mom  important  tubject  in  a  practical  spirit  and  popular 
Mtdicmi  Timet  •nd  Gmitttt. 


12  CHARLES  GRIFFIN  <k  COMPANY'S 


LINN  (S.H.,  M.D.,  D.D.S.,  Dentist  to  the  Imperial 

Medico- Chirurgical  Academy  of  St.  Petersburg)  : 

THE  TEETH  :  How  to  preserve  them  and  prevent  their  Decay.  A 
Popular  Treatise  on  the  Diseases  and  the  Care  of  the  Teeth.  With 
Plates  and  Diagrams.  Crown  8vo.  Cloth,  2/6. 

"Everyone  who  values  his  teeth— (and  who  does  not?)— should  study  this  practical 
little  book." 

"  Many  important  truths  on  the  preservation  of  the  teeth  and  the  irregularity  of 
children's  teeth  are  here  set  forth  ;  and  on  the  subject  of  artificial  teeth  there  is  sound 
advice,  which  most  of  us  may  sooner  or  later  be  glad  of."— Medical  Times  and  Gazette, 

"  Contains  much  useful  information  and  excellent  advice." — Leeds  Mercury. 
" Deserves  to  be  widely  read."-  Northern  Whig. 
"  We  heartily  recommend  the  treatise."— John  BuU. 


LONGMORE    (Surgeon-General,   C.B.,    Q.H.S., 

F.R.C.S.,   &c.,    Professor   of    Military  Surgery   in  the   Army   Medical 
School): 

THE   SANITARY   CONTRASTS   OF   THE   CRIMEAN  WAR, 
Demy  Svo.     Cloth  limp,  1/6. 

"A  most  valuable  contribution  to  Military  Medicine." — British  Medical  JournaL 
"  A  most  concise  and  interesting  Review." — Lancet. 


M'NAB  (W.  Ramsay,  M.D.,F.L.  S.,  Professor  of 

Botany  at  the  Royal  College  of  Science,  Dublin): 

A  MANUAL  OF  BOTANY,  Structural  and  Systematic,  for  the  use  of 
Students.     (In  preparation. ) 


MOFFITT  (Staff-Assistant-Surgeon  A.,  late  of  the 

Royal  Victoria  Hospital,  Netley) : 

A  MANUAL  OF  INSTRUCTION  FOR  ATTENDANTS  ON 
THE  SICK  AND  WOUNDED  IN  WAR.  With  numerous  Illustra- 
tions. Post  Svo.  Cloth,  5/. 

%*  Published  under  the  sanction  of  the  National  Society  for  Aid  to  the 
Sick  and  Wounded  in  War. 

"  A  work  by  a  practical  and  experienced  author.  After  an  explicit  chapter  on  the 
Anatomy  of  the  Human  Body,  directions  are  given  concerning  bandaging,  dressing  of 
sores,  wounds,  &c.,  assistance  to  wounded  on  field  of  action,  stretchers,  mule  litters, 
ambulance,  transport,  &c.  All  Dr.  Moffitt's  instructions  are  assisted  by  well-executed 
illustrations." — Public  Opinion. 


MUNRO    (John,    C.    E.)    and    JAMIESON 

(Andrew,  C.E.,  F.R.S.E.): 

A  POCKET-BOOK  OF  ELECTRICAL  RULES  AND  TABLES, 
for  the  use  of  Electricians  and  Engineers.     Royal  321110.     (At press.) 


SCIENTIFIC  PUBLICATIONS. 


NAPIER  (James,  F.R.S.E.,  F.C.S.)  : 

A  MANUAL  OF  THE  ART  OF  DYEING  AND  DYEING 
RECEIPTS.  Illustrated  by  Diagrams  and  Numerous  Specimens  of 
Dyed  Cotton,  Silk,  and  Woollen  Fabrics.  Demy  8vo.  Third  Edition, 
thoroughly  revised  and  greatly  enlarged.  Cloth,  2i/. 

General   Contents. 


I.  HEAT  AND  LIGHT. 
II.   A   CONCISE   SYSTEM   OF    CHEMISTRY, 

with  special  reference  to  Dyeing. 
III.   MORDANTS  AND  ALTERANTS. 


IV.  VEGETABLE  MATTERS   in  use   in  the 

Dye-house. 
V.   ANIMAL  DYES. 
VI.   COAL-TAR  COLOURS. 


APPENDIX— RECEIPTS  FOR  MANIPULATION. 

"The  numerous  Dyeing  Receipts  and  the  Chemical  Information  furnished  will  be 
exceedingly  valuable  to  the  Practical  Dyer.  ...  A  Manual  of  necessary  reference 
to  all  those  who  wish  to  master  their  trade,  and  keep  pace  with  the  scientific  discoveries 
of  the  time." — Journal  of  Applied  Science. 

"In  this  work  Mr.  Napier  has  done  good  service  .  .  .  being  a  Practical  Dyer 
himself,  he  knows  the  wants  of  his  Confreres  .  .  .  the  Article  on  Water  is  a  very 
valuable  one  to  the  Practical  Dyer,  enabling  him  readily  to  detect  impurities,  and 
correct  their  action.  The  Article  on  Indigo  is  very  exhaustive  ...  the  Dyeing 
Receipts  are  very  numerous,  and  well  illustrated."-  Textilt  Manufacturer. 


A  MANUAL  OF  ELECTRO-METAL- 

LURGY.      With  numerous  Illustrations.      Crown  8vo.     Cloth.      Fifth 
Edition,  rei'ised  and  enlarged^  7/6. 

General  Contents. 


I.  HISTORY  of  the  ART. 
II.  DESCRIPTION  of  GALVANIC  BATTERIES 
and  their  RESPECTIVE  PECULIARITIES. 

Ill      !   LECTROTYPE  PROCESSES. 

IV    BRONZING. 

V.    MlSCELLANEOl'S    APPLICATIONS    of   the 

PROCESS  of  COATIN i,  with  LOITER. 


VI.   DEPOSITION  of  METALS  upon  one 

another. 

VII.    ELECTRO- PLATING. 
VIII     KLBCTRO-GM 

I    VPF.RIMENTS    On     the 

DEPOSITIONS  of  other  METALS  as 
COM  i 
X.   THEORETICAL  OBSERVATIONS. 


"A  work  that  has  become  an  established  authority  on  Electro-Metallurgy,  an  art 
which  has  been  of  immense  use  to  the  Manufacturer  in  economising  tkf  quantity  of  the 
precious  metals  absorbed^  and  in  extending  the  sale  of  Art  M 
We  can  heartily  commend  the  work  as  a  valuable  handbook  on  the  subje 
treats."  —  Journal  of  Applied  Science. 


bject  on  which  it 


"The  fact  of  Mr.  Napier's  Treatise  having  reached  a  FIFTH  EDITION  is  good  evidence 
' 


of  an  appreciation  of  the  Author's  mode  of  treating  his  subject. 
and  practical  little  Manual."— Iron. 

"The  Fifth  Edition  has  all  the  advantages  of  a  new  work,  ar 
friend.    Mr.  Napier  is  well  known  for  the  carefulness  and  accunu 

There  is  a  thoroughness  in  the  handling  of  the  subject  wh 
in  these  days.     .     .     .     The  work  is  one  of  those  u)ti<  ' 
information,  are  calculated  to  inspire  invention 


A  very  useful 
and  tried 
m  general 


PHILLIPS    (John,    M.A.,    F.RS.,  late   Professor 
of  Geology  in  the  University  of  Oxford)  : 

A  MANUAL  OF  GEOL<  "  A   \  I  !      n  til  ll   and  Practical.     I 

by    ROBERT    I                                  .  Palaeontologist   to  the    Geological 

Survey  of  Great  Britain,  Past-Presi  .<•  Geological  Society;  and 

.  Professor  of  Geography  in   King's 

College,  London.  With  numerous  Table*,  Sections,  and  Figures  of 
Characteristic  Fossils.  In  Preparation.  Demy  8vo,  Third  Edition: 
Thoroughly  Revised  and 


CHARLES  GRIFFIN  &  COMPANY'S 


PHILLIPS  (J.Arthur,  M.  Inst.  C.E.,F.CS,F.G.S., 

Ancien  Eleve  de  1'Ecole  des  Mines,  Paris)  : 

ELEMENTS  OF  METALLURGY  :  a  Practical  Treatise  on  the  Art 
of  Extracting  Metals  from  their  Ores.  With  over  200  Illustrations,  many 
of  which  have  been  reduced  from  Working  Drawings.  Royal  8vo.,  764 
pages,  cloth,  34;. 

General  Contents. 

I.— A  TREATISE  on  FUELS  and  REFRACTORY  MATERIALS. 

II. — A  Description  of  the  principal  METALLIFEROUS  MINERALS,  with  their  DISTRI- 
BUTION. 

III. — STATISTICS  of  the  amount  of  each  METAL  annually  produced  throughout  the 
World,  obtained  from  official  sources,  or,  where  this  has  not  been  practicable, 
from  authentic  private  information. 

IV. — The  METHODS  of  ASSAYING  the  different  ORES,  together  .with  the  PROCESSES 
of  METALLURGICAL  TREATMENT,  comprising : 

Refractory  Materials.  Antimony.  Iron. 

Fire-Clays.  Arsenic.  Cobalt. 

Fuels,  &>c.  Zinc.  Nickel. 

Alliunmium.  Mercury.  Silver. 

Copper.  Bismuth.  Gold. 

Tin.  Lead.  Platinum. 

"  '  Elements  of  Metallurgy '  possesses  intrinsic  merits  of  the  highest  degree.  Such  a 
work  is  precisely  wanted  by  the  great  majority  of  students  and  practical  workers,  and  its 
very  compactness  is  in  itself  a  first-rate  recommendation.  .  .  .  In  our  opinion,  the 
BEST  WORK  EVER  WRITTEN  ON  THE  SUBJECT  with  a  view  to  its  practical  treatment." — 
Westminster  Review. 

"  In  this  most  useful  and  handsome  volume,  Mr.  Phillips  has  condensed  a  large 
amount  of  valuable  practical  knowledge.  .  .  .  We  have  not  only  the  results  of  scientific 
inquiry  most  cautiously  set  forth,  but  the  experiences  of  a  thoroughly  practical  man  very 
clearly  given." — Athenaum. 

"  For  twenty  years  the  learned  author,  who  might  well  have  retired  with  honour  on 
account  of  his  acknowledged  success  and  high  character  as  an  authority  in  Metallurgy, 
has  been  making  notes,  both  as  a  Mining  Engineer  and  a  practical  Metallurgist,  and 
devoting  the  most  valuable  portion  of  his  time  to  the  accumulation  of  materials  for  this 
his  Masterpiece.'' — Colliery  Guardian. 

"  The  VALUE  OF  THIS  WORK  is  ALMOST  INESTIMABLE.  There  can  be  no  question  that 
the  amount  of  time  and  labour  bestowed  upon  it  is  enormous.  .  .  .  There  is  certainly 
no  Metallurgical  Treatise  in  the  language  calculated  to  prove  of  such  general  utility  to 
the  Student  really  seeking  sound  practical  information  upon  the  subject,  and  none  which 
gives  greater  evidence  of  the  extensive  metallurgical  knowledge  of  its  Author."— Mining 
Journal. 


PORTER    (Surgeon-Major  J.  H.,  Late  Assistant 

Professor  of  Military  Surgery  in  the  Army  Medical  School,  and  Hon. 
Assoc.  of  the  Order  of  St.  John  of  Jerusalem) : 

THE  SURGEON'S  POCKET-BOOK :  an  Essay  on  the  Best  Treat- 
ment of  the  Wounded  in  War  ;  for  which  a  Prize  was  awarded  by  Her 
Majesty  the  Empress  of  Germany.  Specially  adapted  to  the  PUBLIC 
MEDICAL  SERVICES.  With  152  Illustrations,  i6mo,  roan.  Second 
Edition,  Revised  and  Enlarged,  7/6. 

"Every  Medical  Officer  is  recommended  to  have  the  'Surgeon's  Pocket  Book'  by 
Surgeon-Major  Porter,  accessible  to  refresh  his  memory  and  fortify  his  judgment." 
— Precis  of  Field-Service  Medical  A  rrangements for  Afghan  War. 

"A  complete  vade  tnecvm  to  guide  the  military  surgeon  in  the  field." — British 
Medical  Journal. 

"A  capital  little  book  .  .  .  of  the  greatest  practical  value.  .  .  .  A  surgeon 
with  this  Manual  in  his  pocket  becomes  a  man  of  resource  at  once." — Westminster 
Review. 

"  So  fully  illustrated  that  for  LAY-READERS  and  AMBULANCE  WORK  it  will  prove 
eminently  useful."— Medical  Times  and  Gazette. 


SCIENTIFIC  PUBLICATIONS.  15 

SCIENTIFIC    MANUALS 

BY 

W.  J.  MACQUORN  RANKINE,  C.E.,  LLD.,  F.R.S., 

Late  Regius  Professor  of  Civil  Engineering  in  the  University  of  Glasgow. 
In  Crown  8vo.    Cloth. 


I.  RANKINE  (Prof.):  APPLIED  MECHANICS: 

comprising  the  Principles  of  Statics  and  Cinematics,  and  Theory  of  Struc- 
tures, Mechanism,  and  Machines.  With  numerous  Diagrams.  Tenth 
Edition,  12/6. 

"  Cannot  fail  to  be  adopted  as  a  text-book.  .  .  .  The  whole  of  the  information  is  so 
admirably  arranged  that  there  is  every  facility  for  reference."  —  Mining  Journal. 

II.  RANKINE  (Prof.):  CIVIL  ENGINEERING: 

comprising  Engineering  Surveys,  Earthwork,  Foundations,  Masonry, 
Carpentry,  Metal-work,  Roads,  Railways,  Canals,  Rivers,  Water-works, 
Harbours,  &c.  With  numerous  Tables  and  Illustrations.  Fourteenth 
Edition  ,  i6/. 

"  Far  surpasses  in  merit  every  existing  work  of  the  kind.  As  a  manual  for  the  hands 
of  the  professional  Civil  Engineer  it  is  sufficient  and  unrivalled,  and  even  when  we  say 
this,  we  fall  short  of  that  high  appreciation  of  Dr.  Rankine's  labours  which  we  should 
like  to  express."—  The  Engineer. 

III.  RANKINE   (Prof.):    MACHINERY  AND 

MILLWORK:  comprising  the  Geometry,  Motions,  Work,  Strength, 
Construction,  and  Objects  of  Machines,  &c.  Illustrated  with  nearly  300 
Woodcuts.  Fifth  Edition,  12/6. 

"Professor  Rankine's  'Manual  of  Machinery  and  Millwork*  fully  maintains  the  high 
reputation  which  he  enjoys  as  a  scientific  author  ;  higher  praise  it  is  difficult  to  award  to 
any  book.  It  cannot  fail  to  be  a  lantern  to  the  feet  of  every  engineer."  —  The  Engineer. 

IV.  RANKINE    (Prof.)  :    THE   STEAM    EN- 

GINE and  OTHER  PRIME  MOVERS.  With  Diagram  of  the 
Mechanical  Properties  of  Steam,  Folding  Plate,  numerous  Tables  and 
Illustrations.  Tenth  Edition,  12/6. 

V.  RANKINE   (Prof.):    USEFUL  RULES  and 

TABLES  for  Engineers  and  others.  With  Appendix  :  TABLES,  TESTS, 
and  FORMULAE  for  the  use  of  ELECTRICAL  ENGINEERS  ;  comprising 
Submarine  Electrical  Engineering,  Electric  Lighting,  and  Transmission 
of  Power.  By  ANDREW  JAMIESON,  C.E.,  F.R.S.E.  Sixth  Edition,  10/6. 

"Undoubtedly  the  most  useful  collection  of  engineering  data  hitherto  produced."— 
>t£  Journal. 

iy  Electrician  will  consult  it  with  profit"— 


VI.    RANKINE    (Prof.):    A    MECHANICAL 

TEXT-BOOK,     by  Prof.  MACQUORN  RANKINE  and  E.  F.  BAMBBR, 
C.E.     With  numerous  Illustrations.     Second  Edition,  9/. 

"  The  work,  as  a  whole,  U  very  complete,  and  likely  to  prove  invaluable  for  furni»hing 
a  useful  and  reliable  outline  of  the  subjects  traated  ^-Mimimg  frmrmU. 

V  THE  MECHANICAL  TEXT-BOOK  forms  a  simple  introduction  to  PROFESSOR  RANKINE'S 
SERIES  of  MANUALS  on  ENGINEERING  and  MECHANICS. 


16  CHARLES  GRIFFIN  <fc  COMPANY'S 


PROF.  RANKINE'S  WORKS— (Continued). 

VII.  RANKINE    (Prof.):    MISCELLANEOUS 

SCIENTIFIC  PAPERS,  from  the  Transactions  and  Proceedings  of  the 
Royal  and  other  Scientific  and  Philosophical  Societies,  and  the  Scientific 
Journals.  Royal  8vo.  Cloth,  31/6. 

PART  I. — Papers  relating  to  Temperature,  Elasticity,  and  Expansion 
of  Vapours,  Liquids,  and  Solids. 

PART  II. — Papers  on  Energy  and  its  Transformations. 

PART  III. — Papers  on  Wave-Forms,  Propulsion  of  Vessels,  &c. 

With  Memoir  by  P.  G.  TAJT,  M.A.,  Prof,  of  Natural  Philosophy  in  the 
University  of  Edinburgh.  Edited  by  W.  J.  MILLAR,  C.E.,  Secretary  to 
the  Institute  of  Engineers  and  Shipbuilders  in  Scotland.  With  fine 
Portrait  on  Steel,  Plates,  and  Diagrams. 

"  No  more  enduring  Memorial  of  Professor  Rankine  could  be  devised  than  the  publica- 
tion of  these  papers  in  an  accessible  form.  .  .  .  The  Collection  is  most  valuable  on 
account  of  the  nature  of  his  discoveries,  and  the  beauty  and  completeness  of  his  analysis. 
.  .  .  The  Volume  exceeds  in  importance  any  work  in  the  same  department  published 
in  our  time." — Architect. 

SCHWACKHOFER     (Professor     Franz)     and 

BROWNE  (Walter  R.,  M.A.,  C.E.,  late  Fellow  of  Trin.  Coll.,  Camb.): 

FUEL  AND  WATER:  A  Manual  for  Users  of  Steam  and  Water. 
Demy  8vo,  with  Numerous  Illustrations,  g/.  Now  Ready. 

GENERAL     CONTENTS. 

HEAT  AND  COMBUSTION.  FEED-WATER  HEATERS. 
FUEL,  VARIETIES  OF.  AM  PIPES. 

FIRING  ARRANGEMENTS,  FUKN  >MONS. 

FLUES,  CHIMNEY.  WATFR,  COMPOSITION,  PURIFICATION, 
THE  BOILER,  CHOICE  OF.  PRBVENTION  OF  SCALE. 

„        VAKI.  .  &c.,  &c. 

SEATON  (A.  E.,  Lecturer  on  Marine  Engineering 

to  the  Royal  Naval  College,  Greenwich,  and  Member  of  the  Institute  of 
Naval  Architects)  : 

A  MANUAL  OF  MARINE  ENGINEERING;  Comprising  the 
Designing,  Construction,  and  Working  of  Marine  Machinery.  With 
numerous  Illustrations.  Third  Edition.  Demy  8vo.  Cloth,  i8/. 

This  Work  has  been  prepared  to  supply  the  existing  want  of  a  Text-Book  showing  the 
application  of  Theoretical  Principles  to  the  DESIGN  and  CONSTRUCTION  of  MARINE 
MACHINERY— as  determined  by  the  experience  of  leading  Engineers,  and  carried  out  in 
the  most  recent  successful  practice.  It  is  intended  for  use  by  Draughtsmen  and  practical 
Engineers,  as  well  as  by  Instructors  and  Students  in  Marine  Engineering,  and  is  fully 
illustrated. 


GENERAL  CONTENTS. 
I.  PRINCIPLES  OF  MARINE    PKOPUL-  III.  DETAILS  OF  MARINE  ENGINES. 

SIGN.  IV.  PROPELLERS. 

II.  PRINCIPLES  OF  STEAM   E*JGH»EER-  V.  BOILERS. 

ING.  VI.  MISCELLANEOUS. 


Opinions  of  the  Press. 

"  The  important  subject  of  Marine  Engineering  is  here  treated  with  the  thoroughness 
that  it  requires.  No  department  has  escaped  attention.  .  .  .  Gives  the  results  of 
much  close  study  and  practical  work." — Engineering. 

"  By  far  the  best  MANUAL  in  existence.  .  .  .  Gives  a  complete  account  of  the 
methods  of  solving,  with  the  utmost  possible  economy,  the  problems  before  the  Marine 
Engineer." — Atfunerum. 

"In  the  three-fold  capacity  of  enabling  a  Student  to  learn  how  to  design,  construct, 
and  work  a  modern  Marine  Steam-Engine,  Mr.  Seaton's  Manual  has  no  rival  as  regards 
comprehensiveness  of  purpose  aud  lucidity  of  treatment." — Times. 

"  The  Student,  Draughtsman,  and  Engineer  will  find  this  work  the  mo^t  valuable 
Handbook  of  Reference  on  the  Marine  Engine  now  in  existence."— Marine  Engineer. 


SCIENTIFIC  PUBLICATIONS. 


SHELTON  (W.  Vincent,  Foreman  to  the  Imperial 

Ottoman  Gun  Factories,  Constantinople)  : 

THE  MECHANIC'S  GUIDE :  A  Hand-Book  for  Engineers  and 
Artizans.  With  Copious  Tables  and  Valuable  Recipes  for  Practical  Use. 
Illustrated.  Second  Edition.  Crown  8vo.  Cloth,  7/6. 

GENERAL    CONTENTS. 
PART      I.— Arithmetic.  PART       V.—  Wheel  and  Screw  Cut- 


PART    II.— Geometry. 

PART  III.— Mensuration. 

PART  IV.— Velocities  in  Boring  and 


ting. 

PART     VI. — Miscellaneous  Subjects. 
PART    VII.— The  Steam  Engine. 


Wheel-Gearing.  I  PART  VIII. — The  Locomotive. 

"  The  MECHANIC'S  GUIDE  will  answer  its  purpose  as  completely  as  a  whole  series  of 
elaborate  text-books."— Mining  Journal. 

"  Ought  to  hare  a  place  on  the  bookshelf  of  every  Mechanic."— It**. 

"  Much  instruction  is  here  given  without  pedantry  or  pretension." — Builder. 

"  A  situ  gu&  non  to  every  practical  Mechanic." — RaOtvny  Service  Gazette. 

V  This  Work  is  specially  intended  for  Self-Teachers,  and  places  before  the  Reader  a 
concise  and  simple  explanation  of  General  Principles,  together  with  Illustrations  of  their 
adaptation  to  Practical  Purposes. 

THOMSON  (Spencer,  M.D.,  L.R.C.S.,  Edinburgh, 

and  J.  C.  STEELE,  M.D.,  of  Guy's  Hospital)  : 

A  DICTIONARY  OF  DOMESTIC  MEDICINE  AND  HOUSE- 
HOLD SURGERY.  Thoroughly  Revised  and  in  part  Re-Written  by 
the  Editors.  With  a  Chapter  on  the  Management  of  the  Sick-room,  and 
many  Hints  for  the  Diet  and  Comfort  of  Invalids.  With  many  new  En- 
gravings. Nineteenth  Edition.  Royal  8vo.  Cloth,  10/6. 

WYLDE    (James,    formerly   Lecturer   on   Natural 

Philosophy  at  the  Polytechnic) : 

THE  MAGIC  OF  SCIENCE:  A  Manual  of  Easy  and  Amusing 
Scientific  Experiments.  With  Steel  Portrait  of  Faraday  and  many  hun- 
dred Engravings.  Third  Edition.  Crown  8vo.  Cloth  gilt  and  gilt 
edges,  s/. 

"Of  priceless  value  to  furnish  work  for  idle  hands  during  the  holidays.     A  t 
mysteries  of  Modern  Science  are  here  unfolded.     We  learn  how  to  make  Oxygen  Gas, 
how  to  construct  a   Galvanic    Hattcry,  how   to  gild  a  Medal  by  !•'.:• 
reproduce  one  by   Electrotyping,  how  to  make  a  Microscope  or  take  a  Photograph  ; 
while  the  elements  of  Mechanics  are  explained  so  simply  and  clearly  that  the  most  un- 
mechanical  of  minds  must  understand  them.     Such  a  work  is  deserving  of  the  highest 
praise."—  Tke  Graphic. 

"To  those  who  need  to  be  allured  kito  the  path*  of  M  mil  SCJUMB  bfwil  •mint  tl» 


wonderful  results  that  can  be  produced  by  well -contrived  cxpenaacats,  we  do  not 
that  we  could  ~™f»™~H  a  —  '  '  — • "     ^ 


18  CHARLES  GXIFFIN  <t  COMPACTS 


EDUCATIONAL    WORKS. 


***  Specimen  Copies  of  all  the  Educational  Works  published  by  Messrs. 
Charles  Griffin  and  Company  may  be  seen  at  the  Libraries  of  the  College  of 
Preceptors,  South  Kensington  Museum,  and  Crystal  Palace;  also  at  the  depots 
of  the  Chief  Edticational  Societies. 


BRYCE    (Archibald    Hamilton,     D.C.L.,    LL.D., 

Senior  Classical  Moderator  in  the  University  of  Dublin)  : 

THE  WORKS  OF  VIRGIL.  Text  from  HEYNE  and  WAGNER. 
English  Notes,  original,  and  selected  from  the  leading  German,  American, 
and  English  Commentators.  Illustrations  from  the  antique.  Complete  in 
One  Volume.  Fourteenth  Edition.  Fcap  8vo.  Cloth,  6/. 

Or,  in  Three  Parts  : 

Part      I.  BUCOLICS  and  GEORGICS,  .        .  2/6. 

Part    II.  THE  ^ENEID,  Books  I.-VI.,       .  2/6. 

Part  III.  THE  ^ENEID,  Books  VII.-XII.,  .  2/6. 


"  Contains  the  pith  of  what  has  been  written  by  the  best  scholars  on  the  subject. 
.  .  .  The  notes  comprise  everything  that  the  student  can  want."  —  Athenaum. 

"  The  most  complete,  as  well  as  elegant  and  correct  edition  of  Virgil  ever  published  in 
this  country."  —  Educational  Times. 

"The  best  commentary  on  Virgil  which  a  student  can  obtain."  —  Scotsman. 

COBBETT  (William):  ENGLISH  GRAMMAR, 

in  a  Series  of  Letters,  intended  for  the  use  of  Schools  and  Young  Persons 
in  general.  With  an  additional  chapter  on  Pronunciation,  by  the  Author's 
Son,  TAMES  PAUL  COBBETT.  The  only  correct  and  authorised  Edition. 
Fcap  8vo.  Cloth,  1/6. 

"A  new  and  cheapened  edition  of  that  most  excellent  of  all  English  Grammars, 
William  Cobbett's.  It  contains  new  copyright  matter,  as  well  as  includes  the  equally 
amusing  and  instructive  '  Six  Lessons  intended  to  prevent  Statesmen  from  writing  in  an 
awkward  manner."'  —  Atlas. 


COBBETT  (William):  A  FRENCH  GRAMMAR. 

Fifteenth  Edition.     Fcap  8vo.     Cloth,  3/6. 

"  Cobbett's  '  French  Grammar '  comes  out  with  perennial  freshness.  There  are  few 
grammars  equal  to  it  for  those  who  are  learning,  or  desirous  of  learning,  French  without 
a  teacher.  The  work  is  excellently  arranged,  and  in  the  present  edition  we  note  certain 
careful  and  wise  revisions  of  the  text." — School  Board  Chronicle. 

"  Business  men  commencing  the  study  of  French  will  find  this  treatise  one  of  the  best 
aids.  .  .  .  It  is  largely  used  on  the  Continent." — Midland  Counties  Herald. 

COBBIN'S    MANGNALL:   MANGNALL'S 

HISTORICAL  AND  MISCELLANEOUS  QUESTIONS,  for  the  use 
of  Young  People.  By  RICHMAL  MANGNALL.  Greatly  enlarged  and 
corrected,  and  continued  to  the  present  time,  by  INGRAM  COBBIN,  M.A. 
Fifty-fourth  Thousand.  New  Illustrated  Edition.  I2mo.  Cloth,  4/. 


ED  UCA  T10NAL  PUBLIC  A  TIONS.  19 

COLERIDGE  (Samuel  Taylor):  A  DISSER- 
TATION ON  THE  SCIENCE  OF  METHOD.  (Encyclopedia 
Mctropolitana.)  With  a  Synopsis.  Ninth  Edition.  Cr.  8vo.  Cloth,  2/. 


CRAIK'S   ENGLISH    LITERATURE. 
A     COMPENDIOUS     HISTORY     OF 

ENGLISH  LITERATURE  AND  OF  THE  ENGLISH  LANGUAGE 
FROM  THE  NORMAN  CONQUEST.  With  numerous  Specimens. 
By  GEORGE  LILLIE  CRAIK,  LL.D.,  late  Professor  of  History  and 
English  Literature,  Queen's  College,  Belfast.  New  Edition.  In  two 
vols.  Royal  8vo.  Handsomely  bound  in  cloth,  25/. 

GENERAL    CONTENTS. 
INTRODUCTORY. 

I.— THE  NORMAN  PERIOD — The  Conquest. 
II.— SECOND  ENGLISH— Commonly  called  Semi-Saxon. 
III. — THIRD  ENGLISH— Mixed,  or  Compound  English. 
IV. — MIDDLE  AND  LATTER  PART  OF  THE  SEVENTEENTH  CENTURY. 
V. — THE  CENTURY  BETWEEN  THE  ENGLISH  REVOLUTION  AND 

THE  FRENCH  REVOLUTION. 

VI. — THE  LATTER  PART  OF  THE  EIGHTEENTH  CENTURY. 
VII.— THE  NINETEENTH  CENTURY  (a)  THE  LAST  AGE  OF  THE 

GEORGES. 

(/;)  THE  VICTORIAN  AGE. 

With  numerous  Excerpts  and  Specimens  of  Style. 

"Anyone  who  will  take  the  trouble  to  ascertain  the  fact,  will  find  how  completely 
even  our  great  poets  and  other  writers  of  the  last  generation  have  already  faded  from  the 
view  of  the  present,  with  the  most  numerous  class  of  the  educated  and  reading  public. 
Scarcely  anything  is  generally  read  except  the  publications  of  the  day.  YET  NOTHING 

IS  MORE  CERTAIN    THAN   THAT   NO   TRUE   CULTIVATION  CAN  BE  SO  ACQUIRKD.       This  is 

the  extreme  case  of  that  entire  ignorance  of  history  which  has  been  affirmed,  not  with 
more  point  than  truth,  to  leave  a  person  always  a  child.  .  .  .  The  present  work 
combines  the  HISTORY  OF  THE  LITERATURE  with  the  HISTORY  OF  THE  LANGUAGE. 
The  scheme  of  the  course  and  revolutions  of  the  language  which  is  followed  here  is 
extremely  simple,  and  resting  not  upon  arbitrary,  but  upon  natural  or  real  distinctions, 
gives  us  the  only  view  of  the  subject  that  can  claim  to  be  regarded  as  of  a  scientific 
character."— Extract  from  the  Authors  Preface. 

"  Professor  Craik's  book  going,  as  it  does,  through  the  whole  history  of  the  language, 
probably  takes  a  place  quite  by  itself.  The  great  value  of  the  book  is  its  thorough 
comprehensiveness.  It  is  always  clear  and  straightforward,  and  deals  not  in  theories 
but  in  facts."— Saturday  Review. 

"  Professor  Craik  has  succeeded  in  making  a  book  more  than  usually  agreeable."— 
Tht  Times. 

CRAIK  (Prof.):  A  MANUAL  OF  ENGLISH 

LITERATURE,  for  the  use  of  Colleges,   Schools,  and  Civil   Service 
^nations.     Selected  from  the  larger  work,  by  Dr.  CRAIK.     Ninth 
Edition.     With  an  Additional  Section  on  Recent  Literature,  by  HENRY 
CRAIK,  M.  A.,  Author  of  "  A  Life  of  Swift."     Crown  8vo.     (  l,,th,  7/6. 

"  A  Manual  of  English  Literature  from  so  experienced  and  well-read  a  scholar  at 
Professor  Craik  needs  no  other  recommendation  than  the  mention  of  it*  —'— " 


Spectator. 

"  This  augmented  effort  will,  we  doubt  not,  be  received  with  decided  approbation 
by  those  who  are  entitled  to  judge,  and  studied  with  much  profit  by  thote  who  want 
to  learn.  .  .  .  If  our  young  readers  will  give  healthy  perusal  to  Dr.  Craik  •  work, 
theywill  greatly  benefit  by  the  wide  and  sound  view*  he  has  placed  before  them."- 

"  The  preparation  of  the  NKW  IKSUE  has  been  entrusted  to  Mr.  HENRY  < 
Senior  Examiner  in  the  Scotch  Education  Department,  and  well  known  in 
a.  the  author  of  the  latest  and  best  Life  of  Swift    .    .    .    A  Series  of  TEST  QI'KSTION* 
is  added,  which  must  pruve  of  great   service  to  Students  studying  atone.  "-  G/ntf9W 


j  'If  m  Li. 


20  CHARLES  QEIFF1N  dfe  COMPANTS 


WORKS  BY  CHARLES  T.  CRUTTWELL,  M.A., 

Fellow  of  Merton  College,  Oxford,  and  Head  Master  of  Malvern  College. 

I.— A     HISTORY     OF     ROMAN     LITERA- 

TURE :  From  the  Earliest  Period  to  the  Times  of  the  Antonines.  Third 
Edition.  Crown  8vo.  Cloth,  8/6. 

"  Mr.  CRUTTWELL  has  done  a  real  service  to  all  Students  of  the  Latin  Language  and 
Literature.  .  .  .  Full  of  good  scholarship  and  good  criticism."—  Athenaum. 

"A  most  serviceable— indeed,  indispensable — guide  for  the  Student.  .  .  .  The 
•general  reader"  will  be  both  charmed  and  instructed." — Saturday  Review. 

"  The  Author  undertakes  to  make  Latin  Literature  interesting,  and  he  has  succeeded. 
There  is  not  a  dull  page  in  the  volume." — Academy. 

"  The  great  merit  of  the  work  is  its  fulness  and  accuracy."— Guardian. 

''  This  elaborate  and  careful  work,  in  every  respect  of  high  merit.  Nothing  at  all 
equal  to  it  has  hitherto  been  published  in  England.'  — British  Quarterly  Review. 

Companion  Volume.     Second  Edition. 

II.— SPECIMENS     OF     ROMAN     LITERA- 

TURE :  From  the  Earliest  Period  to  the  Times  of  the  Antonines.  Passages 
from  the  Works  of  Latin  Authors,  Prose  Writers,  and  Poets  : 

Part  I.— ROMAN  THOUGHT  :    Religion,    Philosophy  and  Science, 

Art  and  Letters,  6/. 

Part  II. — ROMAN  STYLE  :  Descriptive,  Rhetorical,  and  Humorous 
Passages,  5/. 

Or  in  One  Volume  complete,  ro/6. 

Edited  by  C.  T.  CRUTTWELL,  M.A.,  Merton  College,  Oxford  ;  and 
PEAKE  BANTON,  M.A.,  some  time  Scholar  of  Jesus  College,  Oxford. 

'"Specimens  of  Roman  Literature'  marks  a  new  era  in  the  study  of  Latin."— 
English  Chunftman. 

Schoolmasters  and  tutors  will  be  grateful  for  a  volume  which  supplies  them  at  once 
with  passages  of  every  shade  of  difficulty  for  testing  the  most  different  capacity,  or  which 
may  be  read  with  advantage  in  the  higher  forms  of  schools.  There  is  no  other  book  of 
the  kind  in  this  country  which  can  be  more  safely  recommended,  either  for  its  breadth, 
cheapness,  or  interest." — Prof.  Ellis  in  the  "Academy." 

"  A  work  which  is  not  only  useful  but  necessary.  .  .  .  The  plan  gives  it  a  standing- 
ground  of  its  own.  .  .  .  The  sound  judgment  exercised  in  plan  and  selection  calls 
for  hearty  commendation." — Saturday  Review. 

"It  is  hard  to  conceive  a  completer  or  handier  repertory  of  specimens  of  Latin 
thought  and  style." — Contemporary  Review. 

*»*  KEY  to  PART  II.,  PERIOD  II.  (being  a  complete  TRANSLATION 
of  the  85  Passages  composing  the  Section),  by  THOS.  JOHNSTON,  M.A., 
may  now  be  had  (by  Tutors  and  Schoolmasters  only)  on  application 
to  the  Publishers.  Price  2/6. 


C  U  R  R  I  E      (Joseph,     formerly    Head    Classical 

Master  of  Glasgow  Academy) : 

THE    WORKS  OF  HORACE:    Text  from   ORELLIUS.      English 
Notes,  original  and  selected,  from  the  best  Commentators.     Illustrations 
from  the  antique.     Complete  in  One  Volume.     Fcap  8vo.     Cloth,  5/. 
Or  in  Two  Parts  : 

Part    I.— CARMINA 3/. 

Part  II. — SATIRES  AND  EPISTLES,        .        .     37. 

"The  notes  are  excellent  and  exhaustive." — Quarterly  Journal  of  Education. 

EXTRACTS   FROM   QESAR'S  COM- 

MENTARIES ;  containing  his  description  of  Gaul,  Britain,  and  Germany. 
With  Notes,  Vocabulary,  &c.  Adapted  for  Young  Scholars.  Fourth 
Edition.  i8mo.  Cloth,  1/6. 

D'ORSEY     (Rev.    Alex.     J.     D.,     B.D.,    Corpus 

Christi  Coll.,  Cambridge,  Lecturer  at  King's  College,  London)  : 

SPELLING  BY  DICTATION:  Progressive  Exercises  in  English 
Orthography,  for  Schools  and  Civil  Service  Examinations.  Sixteenth 
Thousand.  i8mo.  Cloth,  I '. 


EDUCATIONAL  PUBLICATIONS.  a 

FLEMING    (William,    D.D.,    late    Professor    of 

Moral  Philosophy  in  the  University  of  Glasgow) : 

THE  VOCABULARY  OF  PHILOSOPHY:  MENTAL,  MORAL, 
AND  METAPHYSICAL.  With  Quotations  and  References  for  the  Use  of 
Students.  Revised  and  Edited  by  HENRY  CALDERWOOD,  LL.D.,  Pro- 
fessor of  Moral  Philosophy  in  the  University  of  Edinburgh.  Third 
Edition,  enlarged.  Crown  8vo.  Cloth  bevelled,  10/6. 

"An  admirable  book.  ...  In  its  present  shape  will  be  welcome,  not  only  to 
Students,  but  to  many  who  have  long  since  passed  out  of  the  class  of  Student*, 
popularly  so  called." — Scotsman. 

The  additions  by  the  Editor  bear  in  their  clear,  concise,  vigorous  expression,  the 
stamp  of  his  powerful  intellect  and  thorough  command  of  our  language.  More  than 
ever,  the  work  is  now  likely  to  have  a  prolonged  and  useful  existence,  and  to  facilitate 
the  researches  of  those  entering  upon  philosophic  studies."—  Weekly  Review. 

"  A  valuable  addition  to  a  Student's  Library." — Tablet. 

McBURNEY     (Isaiah,     LL.D.,):     EXTRACTS 

FROM  OVID'S  METAMORPHpSES.     With  Notes,  Vocabulary,  &c. 
Adapted  for  Young  Scholars.     Third  Edition.     i8mo.     Cloth,  1/6. 

MENTAL  SCIENCE:  S.    T.    COLERIDGE'S 

celebrated  Essay  on  METHOD  ;  Archbishop  WHATELY'S  Treatises  on 
LOGIC  and  RHETORIC.     Tenth  Edition.     Crown  8vo.     Cloth,  5/. 

MILLER  (W.  Galbraith,   M.A.,  LL.B.,   Lecturer 

on  Public  Law,  including  Jurisprudence  and  International  Law,  in  the 
University  of  Glasgow)  : 

THE  PHILOSOPHY  OF  LAW,  LECTURES  ON.  Designed 
mainly  as  an  Introduction  to  the  Study  of  International  Law.  In  8v<x 
Handsome  Cloth,  I2/.  Now  Ready. 


WORKS  BY  WILLIAM  RAMSAY,  M.A., 

Trinity  College,  Cambridge,  late  Professor  of  Humanity  in  the  University  of  Glasgow. 


A  MANUAL  OF   ROMAN   ANTIQUITIES. 

For  the  use  of  Advanced  Students.     With  Map,  130  Engravings,  and  very 
copious  Index.     Twelfth  Edition.     Crown  8vo.     Cloth,  8/6. 
"  Comprises  all  the  results  of  modern  improved  scholarship  within  a 


RAMSAY    (Professor):    AN    ELEMENTARY 

MANUAL  OF  ROMAN  ANTIQUITIES.     Adapted  for  Junior  Classes. 
\Vith  numerous  Illustrations.     Seventh  Edition.     Crown  8vo.     Cloth,  «/• 

A  MANUAL  OF  LATIN  PROSODY, 

Illustrated   by  Copious  Examples  and  Critical  Remark*.     For  the  use 
of  Advanced  Students.     Sixth  Edition.     Crown  8vo.     Cloth,  $/. 
"  There  is  no  other  woHr  on  tbe  wbject  worthy  to  compete  with  it ."-   Alktmna*. 

AN    ELEMENTARY   MANUAL  OF 

LATIN  I'KOSODV.   Adapted  for  Junior  CloK».  Crown  8ro.   Cloth,  a/. 


22  CHARLES  GKIFFIN  A  COMPANY'S 

THE  SCHOOL  BOARD  READERS  : 

A  NEW  SERIES  OF  STANDARD  READING-BOOKS. 
EDITED    BY  A   FORMER  H.M.    INSPECTOR  OF  SCHOOLS. 

Adopted  by  many  School  Boards  throughout  the  Country. 


Elementary  Reader,  Part  I.,  id. 

,,  ,,          „  II.,  2d. 

Standard  L,  .         .         .         4d. 

„      II.,.         .         .         6d. 


Standard  III., 


IV.,         .         .         is.  od. 

V.,        .         .         is.  6d. 

VI.,         .  2s.  od. 


Key  to  the  Questions  in  Arithmetic  in  2  Parts,  each  6d. 

*%*  Each  Book  of  this  Series  contains  within  itself  all  that  is  necessary  to 
fulfil  the  requirements  of  the  Revised  Code — viz.,  Reading,  Spelling,  and 
Dictation  Lessons,  together  with  Exercises  in  Arithmetic  for  the  whole  year. 
The  paper,  type,  and  binding  are  all  that  can  be  desired. 

''THE  BOOKS  GENERALLY  ARE  VERY  MUCH  WHAT  WE  SHOULD  DESIRE."—  Times. 

"The  Series  is  DECIDEDLY  ONE  OF  THE  BEST  that  have  yet  appeared." — Atherucutn. 


THE  SCHOOL  BOARD  MANUALS 

ON  THE  SPECIFIC  SUBJECTS  OF  THE  REVISED  CODE, 
BY   A    FORMER    H.M.    INSPECTOR   OF   SCHOOLS, 

Editor  of  the  "  School  Board  Readers." 
64  pages,  stiff  wrapper.  6d.  ;  neat  cloth,  yd.  each. 


I.— ALGEBRA. 

II.— ENGLISH  HISTORY. 
III. -GEOGRAPHY. 
IV.-PHYSICAL  GEOGRAPHY. 


V.— ANIMAL     PHYSIOLOGY.       (Well 

Illustrated  with  good  Engravings. ) 
VI.-BIBLE    HISTORY.      (Entirely  free 
from  any  Denominational  bias.) 


"These  simple  and  well-graduated  Manuals,  adapted  to  the  requirements  of  the 
New  Code,  are  the  most  elementary  of  elementary  works,  and  extremely  cheap. 
They  are  more  useful  as  practical  guide-books  than  most  of  the  more  expensive 
works."—  Standard. 

SENIOR  (Nassau  William,   M.A.,  late   Professor 

of  Political  Economy  in  the  University  of  Oxford). 

A  TREATISE  ON  POLITICAL  ECONOMY  :  the  Science  which 
treats  of  the  Nature,  the  Production,  and  the  Distribution  of  Wealth. 
Sixth  Edition.  Crown  8vo.  Cloth.  (Encyclopedia  Metropolitana),  4/. 

THOMSON  (James) :  THE  SEASONS.     With 

an  Introduction  and  Notes  by  ROBERT  BELL,  Editor  of  the  "Annotated 
Series  of  British  Poets."     Third  Edition.     Fcap  8vo.     Cloth,  1/6. 
"An  admirable  introduction  to  the  study  of  our  English  classics." 

WHATELY  (Archbishop):   LOGIC— A  Treatise 

on.     With  Synopsis  and  Index.     (Encyclopedia  Metropolitana]^  3/. 

RHETORIC— A    Treatise    on.       With 

Synopsis  and  Index.     (Encyclopedia  Metropolitana),  3/6. 

WYLDE  (James):    A  MANUAL  OF  MATHE- 
MATICS, Pure  and  Applied,  10/6. 


GEXKRAL  PUBLICATIONS.  23 


WORKS    IN    GENERAL   LITERATURE. 


BELL  (Robert,  Editor  of  the  "  Annotated  Series  of 

British  Poets  ") : 

GOLDEN  LEAVES  FROM  THE  WORKS  OF  THE  POETS 
AND  PAINTERS.  Illustrated  by  Sixty-four  superb  Engravings  on 
Steel,  after  Paintings  by  DAVID  ROBERTS,  STAN  FIELD,  LESLIE,  STO- 
THARD,  HAYDON,  CATTERMOLE,  NASMYTH,  Sir  THOMAS  LAWRENCE, 
and  many  others,  and  engraved  in  the  first  style  of  Art  by  FINDEN, 
GREATBACH,  LIGHTFOOT,  &c.  Second  Edition  >  4to.  Cloth  gilt,  2 1/. 

"  '  Golden  Leaves'  is  by  far  the  most  important  book  of  the  season.  The  Illustrations 
are  really  works  of  art,  and  the  volume  does  credit  to  the  arts  of  England."— Saturday 
Review. 

"The  Poems  are  selected  with  taste  and  judgment."—  Times. 

"  The  engravings  are  from  drawings  by  Stothard,  Newton,  Danby,  Leslie,  and 
Turner,  and  it  is  needless  to  say  how  charming  are  many  of  the  above  here  given." — 
Athenentm. 


CHRISTISON  (John):    A  COMPLETE    SYS- 

TEM  OF  INTEREST  TABLES  at  3,  4,  4#,  and  5  per  Cent. ;  Tables 
of  Exchange  or  Commission,  Profit  and  Loss,  Discount,  Clothiers',  Malt, 
Spirit,  and  various  other  useful  Tables.  To  which  is  prefixed  the  Mercan- 
tile Ready- Reckoner,  containing  Reckoning  Tables  from  one  thirty-second 
part  of  a  penny  to  one  pound.  New  Edition.  Greatly  enlarged.  I2mo. 
Bound  in  leather,  4/6. 


THE  WORKS  OF  WILLIAM  COBBETT. 

THE  ONLY  AUTHORISED  EDITIONS. 

COBBETT  (William):   ADVICE   TO  YOUNG 

B  and  (incidentally)  to  Young  Women,  in  the  Middle  and  Higher 
Ranks  of  Life.  In  a  Series  of  Letters  addressed  to  a  Youth,  a  Bachelor, 
a  Lover,  a  Husband,  a  Father,  a  Citizen,  and  a  Subject.  New  Edition. 
With  admirable  Portrait  on  Steel.  Fcap  8va  Cloth,  2/6. 

"Cobbett's  great  qualities  were  immense  vigour,  resource,  energy,  and  courage, 
joined  to  a  force  of  understanding,  a  degree  of  logical  power,  and  above  all  a  force  of 
which  have  rarely  been  equalled.     .    .     .     He  was  the  most  English  of 
" — Saturday  Kev\e». 


With  all  his  fault,.   Cobhett's  style  is  a  continual  refreshment  to  the  lover 
ogluh  undefined."  "-P*U  Mmil  G*uttt. 


CHARLES  GRIFFIN  <fe  COMPANY S 


WILLIAM  COBBETT'S  WORKS— (Continued). 

COBBETT   (Wm.):    COTTAGE  ECONOMY: 

Containing  information  relative  to  the  Brewing  of  Beer,  Making  of  Bread, 
Keeping  of  Cows,  Pigs,  Bees,  Poultry,  &c. ;  and  relative  to  other  matters 
deemed  useful  in  conducting  the  affairs  of  a  Poor  Man's  Family.  Eighteenth 
Edition,  revised  by  the  Author's  Son.  Fcap  8vo.  Cloth,  2/6. 

EDUCATIONAL  WORKS.     (See 

page  1 8.) 

A    LEGACY   TO    LABOURERS:    An 

Argument  showing  the  Right  of  the  Poor  to  Relief  from  the  Land.  With 
a  Preface  by  the  Author's  Son,  JOHN  M.  COBBETT,  late  M.P.  for  Oldham. 
New  Edition.  Fcap  8vo.  Cloth,  1/6. 

"  The  book  cannot  be  too  much  studied  just  now." — Nonconformist. 

"  Cobbett  was,  perhaps,  the  ablest  Political  writer  England  ever  produced,  and  his 
influence  as  a  Liberal  thinker  is  felt  to  this  day.  .  .  .  It  is  a  real  treat  to  read  his 
strong  racy  language."—  Public  Opuuo*. 

A  LEGACY  TO  PARSONS  :  Or,  have  the 

Clergy  of  the  Established  Church  an  Equitable  Right  to  Tithes  and 
Church  Property?  New  Edition.  Fcap  8vo.  Cloth,  1/6. 

"  The  most  powerful  work  of  the  greatest  master  of  political  controversy  this  country 
has  ever  produced."— Pall  Mall  Gazette. 


COBBETT    (Miss    Anne):     THE     ENGLISH 

HOUSEKEEPER  ;  or,  Manual  of  Domestic  Management.  Containing 
Advice  on  the  conduct  of  Household  Affairs  and  Practical  Instructions, 
intended  for  the  Use  of  Young  Ladies  who  undertake  the  superintendence 
of  their  own  Housekeeping.  Fcap  8vo.  Cloth,  3/6. 

COOK'S  VOYAGES.  VOYAGES  ROUND 

THE  WORLD,  by  Captain  COOK.  Illustrated  with  Maps  and  numerous 
Engravings.  Two  vols.  Super-Royal  8vo.  Cloth,  307. 

DALGAIRNS    (Mrs.):  THE   PRACTICE   OF 

COOKERY,  adapted  to  the  business  of  Every-day  Life.  By  Mrs.  DAL- 
GAIRNS. The  best  book  for  Scotch  dishes.  About  Fifty  new  Recipes  have 
been  added  to  the  present  Edition,  but  only  such  as  the  Author  has  had 
adequate  means  of  ascertaining  to  be  valuable.  Seventeenth  Edition. 
Fcap  8vo.  Cloth.  (Jn  preparation.) 

"This  is  by  far  the  most  complete  and  truly  practical  work  which  has  yet  appeared 
on  the  subject.  It  will  be  found  an  infallible  '  Cook's  Companion,'  and  a  treasure  of 
great  price  to  the  mistress  of  a  fam\\y."—Edinbvrgk  Literary  Journal. 

"  We  consider  we  have  reason  strongly  to  recommend  Mrs.  Dalgairns'  as  an  econo- 
mical, useful,  and  practical  system  of  cookery,  adapted  to  the  wants  of  all  families,  from 
the  tradesman's  to  the  country  gentleman's." — Spectator. 


GENERAL  PUBLICATIONS.  25 


D'AUBIGNE  (Dr.  Merle) :  HISTORY  OF  THE 

REFORMATION.  \Vith  the  Author's  latest  additions  and  a  new  Pre- 
face. Many  Woodcuts,  and  Twelve  Engravings  on  Steel,  illustrative  of 
the  life  of  MARTIN  LITHKK,  after  LABOUCHfeRE.  In  one  large  volume. 
Demy  410.  Elegantly  bound  in  cloth,  2i/. 

"  In  this  edition  the  principal  actors  and  scenes  in  the  great  drama  of  the  Sixteenth 
Century  are  brought  vividly  before  the  eye  of  the  reader,  by  the  skill  of  the  artist  and 
Engraver. " 

DONALDSON    (Joseph,    Sergeant    in    the   94* 

Scots  Regiment)  : 

RECOLLECTIONS  OF  THE  EVENTFUL  LIFE  OF  A 
SOLDIER  IN  THE  PENINSULA.  Neiu  Edition.  Fcap  8vo. 
Gilt  sides  and  edges,  4/. 

EARTH   DELINEATED  WITH  PEN  AND 

!']  NCIL  (The):  An  Illustrated  Record  of  Voyages,  Travels,  and  Ad- 
ventures all  round  the  World.  Illustrated  with  more  than  Two  Hundred 
Engravings  in  the  first  style  of  Art,  by  the  most  eminent  Artists,  including 
several  from  the  master-pencil  of  GUSTAVE  DOR&  Demy  4to,  750  pages. 
Very  handsomely  bound,  2i/. 


MRS.  ELLIS'S  CELEBRATED  WORKS 

On  the  INFLUENCE  and  CHARACTER  of  W«  >M  : 

THE  ENGLISHWOMAN'S  LIBRARY: 

A  Series  of  Moral  and  Descriptive  Works.     By  Mrs.  ELLIS.     Small 
8vo.     Cloth,  each  volume,  2/6. 

I.— THE   \Vi.MKN    01     IN GLAND:   Their  Social    Duties  and 
Domestic  Habits.      Thirty-ninth  Thousand. 

2.— THE   DAUGHTERS    OF    ENGLAND:    Their   Position  in 
aety,  Character,  and  Responsibilities.    Twentieth  Thousand. 

3.— THE    WIVES    OF    ENGLAND:     Their    Relative    I> 

Domestic    Influence,    and    Social    Obligations.      Eighteenth 
Thousand. 

4.— THE  MOTHERS  OF  ENGLAND  :  Their  Influence  and  Re- 
sponsibilities.    Twentieth  Thousand. 

5.— FAMILY    SECRETS;    Or,    Hints  to  make    !  ippy. 

Three  vols.     Twenty-third  Thousand. 

e.-Sl'MMKR    AND  WINTER  IN   THK   I'VKI  NI  1 
Thousand. 

7.-TIMIII;     AND     TEMPERAMI  •/  .     Varieties     of 

Character.     Two  vols.     Tenth  Thousand. 

8.-PREVENTION  BETTER  THAN  CURE;  Or,  the  Moral 
Wants  of  the  World  «  Twdjth  Thousand. 

9.-III   \l   IS  AND  HOMES;    Or,   Social    Distinction*.    Three 
vols.     Tenth  Thousand. 


26  CHARLES  GRIFFIN  &  COMPANTS 


THE  EMERALD  SERIES  OF  STANDARD  AUTHORS. 

Illustrated  by  Engravings  on  Steel,  after  STOTHARD,  LESLIE,  DAVID 
ROBERTS,  STANFIELD,  Sir  THOMAS  LAWRENCE,  CATTERMOLE,  &c., 
Fcap  8vo.  Cloth,  gilt. 

Particular  attention  is  requested  to  this  very  beautiful  series.  The  delicacy  of  the 
engravings,  the  excellence  of  the  typography,  and  the  quaint  antique  head  and  tail 
pieces,  render  them  the  most  beautiful  volumes  ever  issued  from  the  press  of  this 
country,  and  now,  unquestionably,  the  cheapest  of  their  class. 

BURNS'    (Robert)   SONGS   AND    BALLADS. 

With  an  Introduction  on  the  Character  and  Genius  of  Burns.  By 
THOMAS  CARLYLE.  Carefully  printed  in  antique  type,  and  illustrated 
with  Portrait  and  beautiful  Engravings  on  Steel.  Second  Thousand. 
Cloth,  gilt  edges,  3/. 

BYRON   (Lord):   CHILDE    HAROLD'S    PIL- 

GRIMACE.  With  Memoir  by  Professor  SPALDING.  Illustrated  with 
Portrait  and  Engravings  on  Steel,  by  GREATBACH,  MILLER,  LIGHTFOOT, 
&c.,  from  Paintings  by  CATTERMOLE,  Sir  T.  LAWRENCE,  H.  HOWARD, 
and  STOTHARD.  Beautifully  printed  on  toned  paper.  Third  77iousanar. 
Cloth,  gilt  edges,  3/. 

CAMPBELL   (Thomas):    THE    PLEASURES 

OF  HOPE.  With  Introductory  Memoir  by  the  Rev.  CHARLES  ROGERS, 
LL.D.,  and  several  Poems  never  before  published.  Illustrated  with  Por- 
trait and  Steel  Engravings.  Second  Thousand.  Cloth,  gilt  edges,  3/. 

CHATTERTON'S    (Thomas)    POETICAL 

WORKS.  With  an  Original  Memoir  by  FREDERICK  MARTIN,  and 
Portrait.  Beautifully  illustrated  on  Steel,  and  elegantly  printed.  Fourth 
Thousand.  Cloth,  gilt  edges,  3/. 

GOLDSMITH'S  (Oliver)  POETICAL  WORKS. 

With  Memoir  by  Professor  SPALDING.  Exquisitely  illustrated  with  Steel 
Engravings.  New  Edition.  Printed  on  superior  toned  paper.  Seventh 
Thousand.  Cloth,  gilt  edges,  3/. 

GRAY'S  (Thomas)  POETICAL  WORKS.     With 

Life  by  the  Rev.  JOHN  MITFORD,  and  Essay  by  the  EARL  of  CARLISLE. 
With  Portrait  and  numerous  Engravings  on  Steel  and  Wood.  Elegantly 
printed  on  toned  paper.  Eton  Edition,  with  the  Latin  Poems.  Sixth 
Thousand.  Cloth,  gilt  edges,  5/. 

HERBERT'S    (George)    POETICAL  WORKS. 

With  Memoir  by  J.  NICHOL,  B.A.,  Oxon,  Prof,  of  English  Literature  in 
the  University  of  Glasgow.  Edited  by  CHARLES  COWDEN  CLARKE. 
Antique  headings  to  each  page.  Second  Thousand.  Cloth,  gilt  edges,  3/. 

KEBLE     (Rev.     John):    THE     CHRISTIAN 

YEAR.  With  Memoir  by  W.  TEMPLE,  Portrait,  and  Eight  beautiful 
Engravings  on  Steel.  Second  Thousand. 

Cloth,  gilt  edges,         .         .         .         .       5/. 

Morocco,  elegant,        ....      10/6. 

Malachite, 12/6. 


P  UBUCA  TIONS.  27 


THE  EMERALD  SERIES— (Continued). 

POE'S  (Edgar  Allan)  COMPLETE  POETICAL 

WORKS.     Edited,  with  Memoir,  by  JAMES  HANNAY.     Full-page  Illus- 
trations after  WEHNERT,  WIER,  &c.    Toned  paper.    Thirteenth  Thousand. 
Cloth,  gilt  edges,         .        .        .        .       3/- 
Malachite, 10/6. 

Other  volumes  in  preparation. 


FINDEN'S    FINE    ART    WORKS. 
BEAUTIES   OF    MOORE:   being  a  Series  of 

Portraits  of  his  Principal  Female  Characters,  from  Paintings  by  eminent 
Artists,  engraved  in  the  highest  style  of  Art  by  EDWARD  FINDEN,  with  a 
Memoir  of  the  Poet,  and  Descriptive  Letterpress.  Folio.  Cloth  gilt,  427. 

DRAWING-ROOM   TABLE   BOOK    (The):  a 

Series  of  31  highly-finished  Steel  Engravings,  with  descriptive  Tales  by 
Mrs.  S.  C.  HALL,  MARY  HOWITT,  and  others.  Folio.  Cloth  gilt,  2i/. 

GALLERY  OF  MODERN  ART  (The) :  a  Series 

of  31  highly-finished  Steel  Engravings,  with  descriptive  Tales  by  Mrs. 
S.  C.  HALL,  MARY  HOWITT,  and  others.  Folio.  Cloth  gilt,  2i/. 

FISHER'S  READY- RECKONER.      The  best 

in  the  World.    New  Edition.     i8mo.     Cloth,  1/6. 

GILMER'S  INTEREST  TABLES;  Tables  for 

Calculation  of  Interest,  on  any  sum,  for  any  number  of  days,  at  %,  I, 
i#.  2,  2#,  3,  3#,  4,  4#,  5  and  6  per  Cent.  By  ROBERT  GILME*. 
Corrected  and  enlarged.  Eleventh  Edition.  I2mo.  Cloth,  5/. 

GRAEME  (Elliott)  :   BEETHOVEN  :    a  Memoir. 

With   Portrait,   Essay,   and    Remarks  on   the  Pianoforte  Sonatas,  with 
its  to  Students,  by  DR.   FERDINAND  I  In  I.IK,  of  Cologne.    Second 
Edition  slightly  enlarged.     Crown  8vo.     Cloth  gilt,  elegant,  </. 

cleg:mt   and   interesting   Memoir.          .     .     The   newest,   prettiest,  and  -"^ 
readable  sketch  of  the  immortal  Master  nf  Music.— M*sic.</ St**Jant. 

"A  gracious  and  pleasant  Memorial  of  the  Centenary."— Sjtc/afer. 

"This    delightful     little    book  —  concise,    sympail 
Examintr. 

"We   can,   without   reservation,   imommend    it  as  the    most  trustworthy  and  th* 
pleasaotest  Memoir  of  Beethoven  published  in  England. "-O^rpS-T 

A 


A    NOVEL    Will  I    TWO   HEROES. 

SmnJ  EJitum.     In  2  Tab.     Post  8»o.     Cloth,  Jl/. 


«>f  Iil« 


28  CHARLES  GRIFFIN  &  COMPANY'S 

HOGARTH  :  The  Works  of  William  Hogarth,  in 

n  Series  of  150  Steel  Engravings  by  the  First  Artists,  with  descriptive 
Letterpress  by  the  Rev.  JOHN  TRUSLER,  and  Introductory  Essay  by  JAMES 
HANNAY.  Folio.  Cloth,  gilt  edges,  52/6. 

"The  Philosopher  who  ever  preached  the  sturdy  English  virtues  which  have  made  us 
what  we  are." 

KNIGHT  (Charles):  PICTORIAL  GALLERY 

OF  THE  USEFUL  AND  FINE  ARTS.  With  Steel  Engravings,  and 
nearly  4,000  Woodcuts.  Two  vols.  Folio.  Cloth  gilt,  427. 

PICTORIAL  MUSEUM  OF  ANIMA- 
TED NATURE.  Illustrated  with  4,000  Woodcuts.  Two  vols.  Folio. 
Cloth  gilt,  357. 

MACKEY'S   FREEMASONRY: 

A  LEXICON  OF  FREEMASONRY.  Containing  a  definition  of  its 
Communicable  Terms,  Notices  of  its  History,  Traditions,  and  Antiquities, 
and  an  Account  of  all  the  Rites  and  Mysteries  of  the  Ancient  World.  By 
ALBERT  G.  MACKKY,  M.D.,  Secretary-General  of  the  Supreme  Council 
of  the  U.S.,  &c.  Seventh  Edition,  thoroughly  revised  with  APPENDIX  by 
Michael  C.  Peck,  1'rov.  Grand  Secretary  forN.  and  E.  Yorkshire.  Hand- 
somely bound  in  cloth,  6  . 

"  Of  MACKEY'S  LEXICON  it  would  be  impossible  to  speak  in  too  high  terms  ;  suffice  it 
to  say,  that,  in  our  opinion,  it  ought  to  be  in  the  hands  of  every  Mason  who  would 
thoroughly  understand  and  master  our  noble  Science.  .  .  .  No  Masonic  Lodge  or 
Library  should  be  without  a  copy  of  this  most  useful  work." — Masonic  News. 


HENRY  MAYHEW'S  CELEBRATED  WORK  ON 
THE  STREET-FOLK  OF  LONDON. 

LONDON    LABOUR   AND   THE  LONDON 

POOR  :  A  Cyclopaedia  of  the  Condition  and  Earnings  of  those  that  will 
work  and  those  that  cannot  work.  15y  HENRY  MAYHEW.  With  many 
full-page  Illustrations  from  Photographs.  In  three  vols.  Demy  8vo. 
Cloth.  Each  vol.  4/6. 

"  Every  page  of  the  work  is  full  of  valuable  information,  laid  down  in  so  interesting  a 
manner  that  the  reader  can  never  tire." — Illustrated  London  News. 

"  Mr.  Henry  Mayhew's  famous  record  of  the  habits,  earnings,  and  sufferings  of  the 
London  poor." — Lloyd's  Weekly  London  Newspaper. 

"This  remarkable  book,  in  which  Mr.  Mayhew  gave  the  better  classes  their  first  real 
insight  into  the  habits,  modes  of  livelihood,  and  current  of  thought  of  the  London 
poor."—  The  Patriot. 

The  Extra  Volume. 

LONDON    LABOUR   AND   THE   LONDON 

POOR  :  Those  that  will  not  work.  Comprising  the  Non-workers,  by 
HENRY  MAYHEW  ;  Prostitutes,  by  BRACEBRIDGE  HEMYNG  ;  Thieves, 
by  JOHN  BINNY  ;  Beggars,  by  ANDREW  HALLIDAY.  With  an  Intro- 
ductory Essay  on  the  Agencies  at  Present  in  Operation  in  the  Metropolis 
for  the  Suppression  of  Crime  and  Vice,  by  the  Rev.  WILLIAM  TUCKNISS, 
B.A.,  Chaplain  to  the  Society  for  the  Rescue  of  Young  Women  and 
Children.  With  Illustrations  of  Scenes  and  Localities.  In  one  large 
vol.  Royal  8vo.  Cloth,  10/6. 

"The  work  is  full  of  interesting  matter  for  the  casual  reader,  while  the  philanthropist 
and  the  philosopher  will  find  details  of  the  greatest  import."—  City  Press. 


GENERAL  PUBLICATIONS. 


29 


Mr.  MAYHEW'S  LONDON  LABOUR— (Continued}. 

Companion  volume  to  the  preceding. 

THE  CRIMINAL  PRISONS  OF  LONDON, 

and  Scenes  of  Prison  Life.  BY  HENRY  MAYHEW  and  JOHN  P.I  NNY.  Illus- 
trated by  nearly  two  hundred  Engravings  on  Wood,  principally  from 
Photographs.  In  one  large  vol.  Imperial  8vo.  Cloth,  106. 

"This  volume  concludes  Mr.  Henry  Mayhew's  account  of  his  researches  into  the 
crime  and  poverty  of  London.  The  amount  of  labour  of  one  kind  or  other,  which  the 
whole  series  of  his  publications  represents,  is  something  almost  incalculable."— Literary 
Budget. 

»*»  This  celebrated  Record  of  Investigations  into  the  condition  of  the  Poor  of  the 
Metropolis,  undertaken  from  philanthropic  motives  by  Mr.  HENRY  MAYHEW,  first  gave  the 
wealthier  classes  of  England  some  idea  of  the  state  of  Heathenism,  Degradation,  and 
in  which  multitudes  of  their  poorer  brethren  languished.  His  revelations  created,  at  the 
time  of  their  appearance,  universal  horror  and  excitement — that  a  nation,  professedly 
Christian,  should  have  in  its  midst  a  vast  population,  so  sunk  in  ignorance,  vice,  and  very 
hatred  of  Religion,  was  deemed  incredible,  until  further  examination  established  the  truth 
of  the  statements  advanced.  The  result  is  well  known.  The  London  of  Mr.  MAYHKW  will, 
happily,  soon  exist  only  in  his  pages.  To  those  who  would  appreciate  the  efforts  already 
made  among  the  ranks  which  recruit  our  "dangerous"  classes,  and  who  would  learn  what 
yet  remains  to  be  done,  the  work  will  afford  enlightenment,  not  unmingled  with  surprise. 


MILLER  (Thomas,    Author   of  « Pleasures   of  a 

Country  Life,"  &c.): 

THE    LANGUAGE    OF    FLOWERS.      With    Eight    beautifully- 
coloured    Floral    Plates.      Fcap    8vo.      Cloth,    gilt  edges.      Fourteenth 

Thousand, 3/6. 

Morocco,     ......     7/6. 

"  A  book 

In  which  thou  wilt  find  many  a  lovely  saying 
About  the  leaves  and  flowers." — KEATS. 

THE    LANGUAGE    OF   FLOWERS 

Abridged  from  the  larger  work  by  THOMAS  MILLER.  With  coloured 
Frontispiece.  Chtap  Edition.  Limp  cloth,  6d. 

FOE'S  (Edgar  Allan)  COMPLETE  POETICAL 

WORKS.  K.lited,  with  Memoir,  by  JAMI  s  HANNAV.  Full-page  Illus- 
trations after  WEHNERT,  WEIR,  and  others.  In  paper  wrapper. 
Illustrated,  1/6. 

POETRY  OF  THE  YEAR:  Or,  Pastorals  from 

our  Poets,  illustrative  of  the  Seasons.     With  Chromo- Lithographs  : 

.  CRESWICK,  R.A.,  DAVID  Cox, 

1 1  ATI:!  OM    \\iir,   E.V.B.,  and  ot  Edition.     Toned  paper. 

Cloth  gilt,  elegant,  i6/. 

RAPHAEL:    THE     CARTOONS    OF 

RAP II. M  I       1  M          :        steel  in  the  first  style  of  Art  by  G.  GREAT- 
BACH,  after  the  Original,  at  Smith    :  itrait 
!•>•  himself,  and   Kac  simile  of  his  Autograph. 
10.     Elegantly  bound  in  cloth,  10/6. 
"  Forms  a  handnome  volume."-^ rt  euut  Lc 


30  CHARLES  GRIFFIN  <k  COMPANY'S 


SCHILLER'S   MAID   OF    ORLEANS  :     (Die 

fungfrau  -von  Orleans).  Rendered  into  English  by  LEWIS  FILMORE, 
translator  of  GOETHE'S  FAUST.  With  admirable  Portrait  of  SCHILLER, 
engraved  on  Steel  by  ADLARD,  and  Introductory  Notes.  In  Crown  8vo. 
Toned  paper.  Cloth,  elegant,  gilt  edges,  2/6. 

"Mr.  Filmore's  excellent  translation  deserves  to  be  read  by  &\.n— Northern  Whig. 
"The  drama  has  found  in  Mr  Kilmore  a  faithful  and  sympathetic  translator.'"' — Public 
Opinion. 


SHAKSPEARE:     THE     FAMILY.      The 

Dramatic  Works  of  WILLIAM  SHAKSPEARE,  edited  and  expressly 
adapted  for  Home  and  School  Use.  By  THOMAS  BOWDLER,  F.R.S. 
With  Twelve  beautiful  Illustrations  on  Steel.  New  Edition.  Crown  8vo. 

Cloth,  gilt, 10/6. 

Morocco  antique,         ....     17/6. 

\*  This  unique  Edition  of  the  great  dramatist  is  admirably  suited  for 
home  use ;  while  objectionable  phrases  have  been  expurgated,  no  rash  liberties 
have  been  taken  with  the  tc.i  t. 

"  It  is  quite  undeniable  that  there  are  many  passages  in  Shakspeare  which  a  father 
could  not  read  aloud  to  his  children— a  brother  to  his  sister — or  a  gentleman  to  a  lady  ; 
and  every  one  almost  must  have  felt  or  witnessed  the  extreme  awkwardness,  and  even 
distress,  th;it  arises  from  suddenly  stumbling  upon  such  expressions.  .  .  .  Those 
who  recollect  such  scenes  must  all  rejoice  that  Mr.  HOWDLKK  has  provided  a  security 
against  their  recurrence.  .  .  .  This  purification  has  been  accomplished  with  sur- 
prisingly little  loss,  either  of  weight  or  value  ;  the  base  alloy  in  the  pure  metal  of 
Shakspeare  has  been  found  to  amount  to  an  in .-onceivably  small  proportion.  ...  It 
IKIS  in  general  been  found  easy  to  extirpate  the  offensive  expressions  of  our  great  poet 
without  any  injury  to  the  context,  or  any  visible  scar  or  blank  in  the  composition. 
They  turn  out  to  be  not  so  much  cankers  in  the  flowers,  as  weeds  that  have  sprung  up 
by  their  side— not  flaws  in  the  metal,  but  impurities  that  have  gathered  on  its 
surface — and,  so  far  from  being  missed,  on  their  removal  the  work  generally  appears 
more  natural  and  harmonious  without  them."—  Lord  Jeffrey  in  the  Edinburgh 
Review. 


SHAKSPEARE'S  DRAMATIC  &  POETICAL 

WORKS.  Revised  from  the  Original  Editions,  with  a  Memoir  and 
Essay  on  his  Genius  by  BARRY  CORNWALL;  and  Annotations  and 
Introductory  Remarks  on  his  Plays,  by  R.  H.  HORNE,  and  other  eminent 
writers.  With  numerous  Woodcut  Illustrations  and  full-page  Steel 
Engravings  by  KENNY  MEADOWS.  Tenth  Edition.  Three  vols.  Super- 
royal  8vo.  Cloth,  gilt,  427. 

SHAKSPEARE'S  WORKS.     Edited  by  T.  O. 

HALLIWELL,  F.R.S.,  F.S.A.  With  Historical  Introductions,  Notes, 
Explanatory  and  Critical,  and  a  Series  of  Portraits  on  Steel.  Three 
vols.  Royal  8vo.  Cloth  gilt,  5o/. 

SOUTHGATE   (Mrs.    Henry):    THE    CHRIS- 

TIAN  LIFE  :   Thoughts  in  Prose  and  Verse  from  the  Best  Writers  of  all 
Ages.     Selected  and  Arranged  for  Every  Day  in  the  Year.     8vo.     Cloth 
Elegant, Si- 
Morocco  Antique,      ....       10/6. 


GENERAL  PUBLICATIONS.  31 


MR.    SOUTHGATE'S    WORKS. 


"  No  one  who  is  in  the  habit  of  writing  and  speaking  much  on  a  variety  of  subjects  can 
afford  to  dispense  with  Mr.  SOUTHGATH'S  WORKS.  —Glasgow  Neva. 


FIRST  SERIES— THIRTY-SECOND  EDITION.     SECOND  SERIES- 
EIGHTH  EDITION. 

MANY    THOUGHTS    OF    MANY    MINDS: 

Selections  and  Quotations  from  the  best  Authors.     Compiled  and 
Analytically  Arranged  by 

HENRY    SOUTHGATE. 

In  Square  8vo,  elegantly  printed  on  Toned  Paper. 
Presentation  Edition,  Cloth  and  Gold,         ....     Each  Vol.  12/6. 

Library  Edition,  Roxburghe,       ......  ,,          I4/. 

Ditto,  Morocco  Antique,     .......  ,,          2i/. 

Each  Series  complete  in  itself,  and  sold  separately. 
'The  produce  of  years  of  research." — Examiner. 

"A   MAGNIFICENT  GIFT-BOOK,   appropriate    to  all   times  and    seasons."-  Freemasons' 
Magazine. 

"  Not  so  much  a  book  as  a  library." — Patriot. 

"  Preachers  and  Public  Speakers  will  find  that  the  work  has  special  uses  for  them." — 
Edinburgh  Daily  Revinu. 


BY    THE    SAME    AUTHOR. 

Now  Ready -,  Third  Edition. 

SUGGESTIVE  THOUGHTS  ON  KELIGIOUS  SUBJECTS: 

A  Dictionary  of  Quotations  and  Selected  Passages  from  nearly  1,000  of 

the  best  Writers,  Ancient  and  Modern. 

Compiled  and  Analytically  Arranged  by  HENRY  SOUTHGATE.     In 
Square  8vo,  elegantly  printed  on  toned  paper. 

Presentation  Edition,  Cloth  Elegant, 10/6. 

Library  Edition,  Roxburghe,        ........      I2/. 

Ditto,  Morocco  Antique,     .........     2O/. 

"The  topics  treated  of  are  as  wide  as  our  Christianity  itself:  the  writers  quoted  from,  of 
-y  Section  ot  the  one  Catholic  Church  of  JESUS  CHRIST."— A uthors  Frtfact. 

-mother  of  Mr.  Southgate's  most  valuable  volumes.     .     .  on  which 

the  Author  is  so  successfully  prosecuting  in  literature  is  not  only*  highly  beneficial,  but  neces- 
sary in  this  age.  ...  If  men  arc  to  make  any  acquaintance  at  all  with  the  srcat  minds 
of  the  world,  they  can  only  do  so  with  the  means  which  our  Author  supplies — Hami&tt. 


"A  casket  of  gems."  —  English  Churchman. 

ecn  compiled  with  a  great  deal 
t,  be  extensively  useful. 


of  judgment,  and  it  will,  I 

Many  a  1  .  teacher  will  be  thankful  to  Mr.  Southgate  for  having  unearthed 

so  many  rich  gems  of  thought  ;  while  many  outside  the  miimtcrial  circle  will  obtain  M 
encouragement,  consolation,  and  couiuel,  within  the  pages  of  this  handsome  volume."  - 


"  The  special  value  of  this  most  admirable  compilation  is  discovered,  when  attention  is 
concentrated  on  a  particular  subject,  or  series  of  subjects,  as  illustrated  by  the  various  and 
often  brilliant  lights  .shed  by  passages  selected  from  the  best  author*  in  all  age*.    . 
most  valuable  book  of  reference."-  Edinburgh  Daily  Krvi**. 

...  SOUTHGATB  is  an  indefatigable  labourer  in  a  field  which  he  has  made  pe- 
his  own.  .     The  labour  expended  on  '  Suggestive  Tnowhtt  '  must  have  been  immense, 

and  the  result  it  as  nearly  perfect  a»  human  fallibility  can  make  it 


Aft  a  m«dcl  of 


•elections  it  contains,  the  book  is  of  value  as  an  index  to  Uwoiojrical  writings. 
Mfatou*.  ksjfeaL  aad   nxBestiv*  treatnwM  ••>  .«  M,i,,r,i.  M  ,,,.,v  i.-sn  am  !....!•••   : 
manner  in  which  the  subject    '  JKM  s  CHRIST*   i*  arranftrd  and  iilMttatcd 


subject    '  JKM  s  CHRIST*   i*  arranftrd  and  iilMttatcd  in   'Suggestive 
Thought..'  "-Gltugow  New. 


32    CHARLES  GRIFFIN  &  CO.'S  GENERAL  PUBLICATIONS. 

THE    SHILLING    MANUALS. 
BY  JOHN   TIMES,   F.S.A., 

Author  of  "The  Curiosities  of  London,"  &c. 

A  Series  of  Hand-Books,  containing  Facts  and  Anecdotes  interesting  to 
all  Readers.     Second  Edition.     Fcap  8vo.     Bound  in  neat  cloth. 

Price  One  Shilling  each. 


I.— TIMES'  CHARACTERISTICS  OF  EMINENT  MEN. 

II.— TIMES'  CURIOSITIES  OF  ANIMAL  AND  VEGETABLE 
LIFE. 

III.— TIMES'  ODDITIES  OF  HISTORY  AND  STRANGE  STORIES 
FOR  ALL  CLASSES. 

IV.— TIMES'  ONE  THOUSAND  DOMESTIC  HINTS  on  the  Choice 
of  Provisions,  Cookery,  and  Housekeeping ;  new  Inventions  and 
Improvements ;  and  various  branches  of  Household  Management. 

V.— TIMES'  POPULAR  SCIENCE:  Recent  Researches  on  the  Sun, 
Moon,  Stars,  and  Meteors ;  the  Earth ;  Phenomena  of  Life, 
Sight,  and  Sound  ;  Inventions  and  Discoveries. 

VI.— TIMES'  THOUGHTS  FOR  TIMES  AND  SEASONS. 


Opinions  of  the  Press  on  the  Series. 

"  It  is  difficult  to  determine  which  of  these  volumes  is  the  most  attractive.  Will  be 
found  equally  enjoyable  on  a  railway  journey  or  by  the  fireside." — Mining  Journal. 

"These  additions  to  the  Library,  produced  by  Mr.  Timbs'  industry  and  ability,  are 
useful,  and  in  his  pages  many  a  hint  and  suggestion,  and  many  a  fact  of  importance  is 
stored  up  that  would  otherwise  have  been  lost  to  the  public."—  Builder. 

"Capital  little  books  of  about  a  hundred  pages  each,  wherein  the  indefatigable 
Author  is  seen  at  his  best."— Mec/uinic's  Magazine. 

"  Extremely  interesting  volumes." — Evening  Standard. 

"Amusing,  instructive,  and  interesting.  ...  As  food  for  thought  and  pleasant 
reading,  we  can  heartily  recommend  the  'Shilling  Manuals.'" — Birmingham  Daily 
Gazette. 


TIMBS   (John,    F.S.A.)  :    PLEASANT    HALF- 

HOURS  FOR  THE  FAMILY  CIRCLE.  Containing  Popular  Science, 
One  Thousand  Domestic  Hints,  Thoughts  for  Times  and  Seasons, 
Oddities  of  History,  and  Characteristics  of  Great  Men.  Second  Edition. 
Fcap  8vo.  Cloth  gilt,  and  gilt  edges,  5/. 

"Contains  a  wealth  of  useful  reading  of  the  greatest  possible  variety." — Plymouth 
Mercury. 

WANDERINGS    IN    EVERY    CLIME;     Or, 

Voyages,  Travels,  and  Adventures  All  Round  the  World.  Edited  by  W. 
F.  AINSWORTH,  P\R.G.S.,  F.S.A.,  &c.,  and  embellished  with  upwards 
of  Two  Hundred  Illustrations  by  the  first  Artists,  including  several  from 
the  master-pencil  of  GUSTAVE  Do  RE.  Demy  4to.  800  pages.  Cloth 
and  gold,  bevelled  boards,  2i/. 


INDEX. 


PAGE 

AINSWORTH(W.  F.),  Earth  Delineated,      .  25 

Wanderings  in  Every  Clime,    .                  .  32 

AIT  K  >cience  and  Practice  of 

Medicine, 6 

Outlines, 7 

Growth  of  the  Recruit 7 

ANSTED  (Prof),  Geology,       .        .        .        .9 

Inanimate  Creation,          ....  7 

BA I RD  i  Prof.),  Student's  Natural  History,      .  7 

BELL  (R.),  Golden  Leaves 23 

BLYTH  (A.  W.),  Hygiene  and  Public  Health,  8 

Foods 8 

Poison- 8 

BROUGHAM  (Lord),  Paley's  Natural  Theology,    5 

i,  Student's  Mechanics,        .  7 

Foundations  of  Mechanics,      ...  7 

<.f  Virgil,                       .  18 

Works  of  Virgil  (in  Parts),                         .  18 

BUNYAN'S  Pilgrim's  Progress  (Mason),          .  i 
Do.             (Maguire),       .  i 

—  Select  Works, i 

CHI  KVKR'S    (Dr.),    Religious    and    Moral 

Anecdotes, 

CHRISTISON  G-),  Interest  Tables, 
CIRCLE  OF  THE  SCIENCES,  9  vols., 

Treatises, 

CO  1  A  Advice  to  Young  Men, 
Cottage  Economy, 


>::unmar, 18 


COBBIN'S  Mangnall's  Question, 

RIDGE  on  Method 19 

tain),  Voyages  of,    .         .         .         .24 
CKAIK.   (',.,  History  of  English  Literature,     .     19 
ial  of  do.  .     19 

3 

-j 


do. 
S  CONCORDANCE,  by  Eadie, 


by  Youngman, 

CRUTTWELL'S  History  of  Re 


oman  Literature,  20 


Specimens  of  do., 

Do.,  do.  (in  Parts), 

u!E(JA  Works  of  Horace,      . 

Do.  (in  Parts), 

Caesar's  Commentaries,    . 

•<  >KEKY,     . 

•ion,  . 

! :  story  of  the  Reformation, 
nery, 


vcntful    Life    of  a 


Soldier, 

^Kllinjt  by  Dictation. 
DOUG  LA  S  ual  of  Telegraph  Con- 

.         !• 

utiral  Chemistry,      .     10 
• 
.  Cruden's  Concordance,    ....      3 

Oa^fied  Bible,       .  .        . 

Bcdeaastkal  Cyclopedia,      . 

of  B/ble/T      ... 

KM! 


PACE 

JORE  (G.),  Electro-deposition,         ...  9 

.K.l.MK.  0 Hiott),  Beethoven 27 

Novel  with  Two  Heroes,          .        .        .27 

;R1  FUN  (J.  J.),  Chemical  Recreations,          .  10 

Do.            (in  Parts),  10 

GURDEN  (R.),  Traverse  Tables,                      .  zz 

!  A  K  KIM  Rev.  Dr.),  Altar  of  Household,         .  i 

HENRY  (M.),  Commentary  on  the  Bible,        .  2 

1KH.ARTH,  Works  of, 28 

I  AM  1 KSON  (A.),  Manual  of  the  Steam  Engine  n 

RLL.LK'S  CHRISTIAN  YEAR,  tto,    .        .  2 

—                         Do.,                  Fcap,         .  2 

K1TTO  (Rev.  Dr.),  The  Holy  Land,        .        .  4 


Pictorial  Sunday  Book,   . 
KNIGHT  (Charles),  Pictorial  Gallery, 


Do.  Museum,  .  .  28 

LEARED  (Dr.),  Imperfect  Digestion,  .  .  iz 

LINN  (Dr.),  On  the  Teeth 12 

LONGMORE  (Prof.),  Sanitary  Contrasts,  .  12 

M'BURNEY  (Dr.),  Ovid's  Metamorphoses,  .  21 

MACKEY(A.  G.),  Lexicon  of  Freemasonry,  .  28 

M'NABO'r.),  Manual  of  Botany,  .  .  12 

MAYHEW  (HA  London  Labour,  ...  28 

M  1  N  TA 1 ,  SCIENCE  (Coleridge  and  WhatelyX  21 

M  1 1 . 1  .ER  (T.),  Language  of  Flowers,  .  .  29 

M I LLER  (W.  G.),  Philosophy  of  Law,  .  .  21 
MOFFITT  (Dr.),  Instruction  for  Attendants  on 

Wounded 12 

MUNRO  AND  JAMIESON'S  Electrical 

Pocket-Book, 12 

NAPIER  (Jas.),  Dyeing  and  Dyeing  Receipts,  13 

Electro-Metallurgy,  .  .  .  .  13 

PH I LL1  PS  (John),  Manual  of  Geology,  .  .  13 

PHILLIPS  (J.  A.),  Elements  of  Metallurgy,  .  14 

POE  (Edgar),  Poetical  Works  of,  .  .  .  27 

i  KY  OF  THE  YEAR 29 

PORTER  (Surg.-Mftj A  Surgeon's  Pocket-Book,  14 
RAGG  (Rev.  T.),  Creation's  Testimony 


RAM  SAY  (Prof.),  Roman  Antiquities. 
Do.     Elem«T., 


• 

••  J- 
hK  (K.),    merest  Tables, 


. 

UCfl      01        MANMAKM 


. 

.         4 

.X  Bftto  History,      . 


•  5 

.  21 

.  21 

Latin  Prosody, 21 

Do.  Elcm«3'..  .  .  .21 

RANKINE'S  1  NGIN1  I  KIN«;\\-  'KK.-.  15,  16 

K  \  I'll  A  I-  I  'S  i  AK1«  ION  .  .  29 

•  UONS  "I  Mil  \VDKLI>.  .  .  5 

x  M I  I  LEANS,  .  30 

ii  >L   L."AKI>  M  \N                            .  a» 

KI  \hi-:k>,     .       .       .  29 

SCO!                                                t  yon  the  Bible,  a 

.  16 

my,       .       .  22 

>  1 1 A  K  :                     I    -wdlcr's  Family,         .        .  30 

—  —    I                                       ,,,i   s 3» 

1                                                .  30 

Mil  ]                               M  17 
Mil    II!' 

Mind*,.  ... 

— —  Suggestive  Thoughtv 31 

(Mr».i.                                                      .  5 

tMMtSota                   c.  17 

•i  HUM                                                     .  aa 

Manuals,                    .  3* 

— — —  Pleasant  Half  Hours.      .        .        .        .  3* 

I  ELY  (Archbishop),  Logic,     .        .       .  M 
i 

ED 

5 

•         .  '7 
Manual  of  Mathematics,  «    . .        .        .7* 


FIRST  SERIES.— THIRTY-SECOND  EDITION. 
SECOND  SERIES.— SEVENTH  EDITION. 


MANY  THOUGHTS  OF  MANY  MINDS 

A   TREASURY    OF    REFERENCE, 

Consisting  of  Selections  from  the  Writings  of  the  most  Celebrated  Authors. 
FIRST  AND  SECOND  SERIES.    COMPILED  AND  ANALYTICALLY  ARRANGED 

By   HENRY    SOUTHGATE. 


In  Square  8vo,  elegantly  printed  on  Toned  Paper. 

Presentation    Edition,  Cloth  and  Gold,        ...          .         12s.  Gd.  each  Volume. 
Library  Edition,  Half-Bound,  Roxburghe,    [    .  \          .        14s.  ,, 

Do.,  Morocco  Antique,       .  .  .         21s.  ,, 

Each  Series  is  Complete  in  itself,  and  sold  separately. 


"  'MANY  THOUGHTS,'  Ac.,  are  evi- 
dently the  produce  of  years  of  re- 
search. We  look  up  any  subject  under 
the  sun,  and  are  pretty  sure  to  find 
something  that  has  been  said — gene- 
rally well  said— upon  it" — Examiner. 

"Many  beautiful  examples  of 
thought  and  style  are  to  be  found 
among  the  selections."— Leader. 

"There  can  be  little  doubt  that  it 
is  destined  to  take  a  high  place 
among  books  of  this  class." — Notes 
and  Queries. 

"A  treasure  to  every  reader  who 
may  be  fortunate  enough  to  possess  it. 
Its  perusal  is  like  inhaling  essences ; 
we  have  the  cream  only  of  the  great 
authors  quoted.  Here  all  are  seeds  or 
gems."— English  Journal  of  Education. 
"Mr.  Southgate's  reading  will  ba 
found  to  extend  over  nearly  the  whole 
known  field  of  literature,  ancient  an  1 
modern." — Gentleman's  Magazine. 

"Here  is  matter  suited  to  all 
tastes,  and  illustrative  of  all  opinions- 
morals,  politics,  philosophy,  and  solid 
information.  We  have  no  hesitation 
in  pronouncing  it  one  of  the  most 
important  books  of  the  season.  Credit 
is  due  to  the  publishers  for  the 
elegance  with  which  the  work  is  got 
up,  and  for  the  extreme  beauty 
and  correctness  of  the  typography." — 
Morning  Chronicle. 

"Of  the  numerous  volumes  of  the 
kind,  we  do  not  remember  having 
met  with  one  in  which  the  selection 
was  more  judicious,  or  the  accumula 
tion  of  treasures  so  truly  wonderful. ' 
—Morning  Herald. 

"Mr.  Southgate  appears  to  have 
ransacked  every  nook  and  corner  for 
gems  of  thought."  —  Allen's  Indian 
Hail. 

"The  selection  of  the  extracts  has 
been  made  with  taste,  judgment,  and 
offbial  nicety."— Morning  Post. 


"This  is  a  wondrous  book,  and  con- 
tains a  great  many  gems  of  thought" 
-Haily  News. 

"As  a  work  of  reference,  it  will  be 
an  acquisition  to  any  man's  library. " 
— Publishers'  Circular. 

"  This  volume  contains  more  gems 
of  thought,  roflued  sentiments,  noble 
axioms,  and  extractable  sentences, 
than  have  ever  before  been  brought 
together  in  onr  language.1' — The  Field. 

'•  Will  be  found  to  1>e  worth  its 
weight  in  gold  by  literary  men." — 
The  Builder. 

"  All  that  the  poet  has  described  of 
the  beautiful  in  nature  and  art;  all 
the  wit  that  has  flashed  from  preg- 
nant minds;  all  the  axioms  of  ex 
perience,  the  collected  wisdom  of 
philosopher  and  sage,  are  garnered 
into  one  heap  of  useful  and  well-ar- 
ranged instruction  and  amusement." 
— The  Era. 

"The  mind  of  almost  all  nations 
and  ngea  of  the  world  is  recorded 
here."— John  Ball. 

"This  is  njt  a  law-book;  but,  de- 
parting from  our  usual  practice,  wo 
notice  it  because  it  is  likely  to  be 
very  useful  to  lawyers." — Law  Times. 

"  The  collection  will  prove  a  mine, 
rich  and  inexhaustible,  to  those  in 
search  of  a  quotation." — Art  Journal. 

'•  There  is  not,  as  we  have  reason 
to  know,  a  single  trashy  sentence  in 
this  volume.  Open  where  we  may, 
every  page  is  laden  with  the  wealth 
of  profouadest  thought,-and  all  aglow 
with  the  loftiest  inspirations  of  genius. 
To  take  this  book  into'  our  hands  is 
like  sitting  down  to  a  grand  con- 
versazione with  the  greatest  thinkers 
of  all  ages/'— Star. 

"The  work  of  Mr.  Southgate  far 
outstrips  all  others  of  its  kind.  To 
the  clergyman,  the  author,  the  artist, 


and  the  essavi.-t.  •  .M:aiy  Thoughts  « 
Many  Minds'  cannot  fail  to  rende 
almost  incalculable  service." — Edin 
burnh  Merct'ru. 

"  \Ve  have  no  hesitation  whatever 
in  deHLTiliinx  Mr.  Soutbgate's  as  the 
very  be.st  book  of  the  class.    There  I 
positively  nothing  of  Ih  >  kiml  in  the 
languaK"  that  will  bear  a  moment's 
comparison     with     it."  —  Muncht 
Aflcertiser. 
•re  is  no  muoil  in   which  w< 
!<e  it  up  without  deriving  froi 
it  instruction,  consolation,  and  amum 
ment.    We  heartily  thank  Mr.  South 
gate  for  a  book  which  we  shall  regard 
as  one  of  our  Ix-st  friends  and  com- 
panions.'— ( 'tiiiiliri'l-je  Chronicle. 

"  This  work  possesses  the  merit  of 
being  a  magnificent  gift  book,  appro- 
priate to  all  times  and  seasons;— a  book 
calculated  to  be  of  use  to  the  scholar, 
the  divine,  or  the  public  man."— 
Freemasons'  Magazine. 

"It  is  not  so  much  :: 
library  of  quotations."— Patriot. 

"The  quotations  abound  in  that 
thought  which  is  the  mainspring  of 
mental  exercise."—  Liverpool  Courier. 

"For  purposes  of  apposite  quota- 
tion it  cannot  be  surpassed."— Bristol 
Times. 

"It  is  impossible  to  pick  ont  a 
single  passage  in  the  work  which 
does  not,  upon  the  face  of  it,  justify 
its  selection  by  iis  intrinsic  merit"— 
Dorset  Chronicle. 

'•  We  are  not  surprised  that  a  Secon 
Series  of  this  work  should  have  bee 
called  for.  Mr.  Southgate  has  til 
catholic  tastes  desirable  in  a  go< 
editor.  Preachers  and  publ: 
will  Hud  that  it  has  special  uses  f- 
them"— Edinburgh  Dai  y  Retiew. 

"The  Si-  -M)  SKP.IKS  fully  sustai 
the  deserved  rep  itatiou  of  the  Firn 
— John  Bull. 


LONDON:    CHARLES   GRIFFIN   &   COMPANY. 


MAR  3  1 1970 


if 


18 


