Source URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/academiceconomics/comments/1n0r3xq/recent_graduate_cant_find_a_job/
Platform: Reddit / r/academiceconomics
Displayed account: Exotic_Distance5282
Public post date: 2025-08-26
Retrieved: 2026-09-10
Capture kind: public indexed-text snapshot
Capture limitation: This is not source-native HTML or a screenshot. Preserve a native capture separately if available.

Recent graduate can't find a job

Posting on this on a few relevant subreddits looking for advice.

I have recently graduated this past may from a T20 university and have been unable to find a job in any relevant field. I have been stuck working a restaurant serving job the past couple months while I send out applications but have had no luck. I hope someone can analyze my stats and tell me what's going wrong.

Majors:

I loved school and was interested in many things so I ended up graduating with a triple major in Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, and Economics.

Math GPA - 3.9
CS GPA - 4.0
Econ GPA - 4.0

Relevant Coursework:

Math Classes (All A's or AB)

Multivariable Calculus, Linear Algebra, Intro proofs, Analysis I (Rudin 1-7), Analysis II (Rudin 7-10), PhD Analysis I (Folland), Probability Theory, Stochastic Processes, Stochastic Calculus, Numerical Analysis, ODE's, PDE's

CS Classes (All A's)

Data Structures, Algorithms, Discrete Math, Computer Engineering, Machine Organization, Machine Learning, Computer Networks, Operating Systems, Databases

Econ Classes (All A's)

Intermediate Micro, Intermediate Macro, Intro stats, Econometrics, PhD Econometrics, PhD Mathematical Stats, Industrial organization, Honors Thesis.

Extracurriculars:

I had to work my way through college to pay for everything which meant a lot of restaurant jobs that weren't relevant to my coursework. I did some low quality econ research for a prof my freshman year but it didn't end anywhere and I had to give it up in order to focus on paying for rent and such. I have 0 internships and no other research experience.
Didn't really have time for clubs most of college but participated in a sponsored quant trading group on campus my final year focussing on algorithmic trading.

Same-thread poster replies:

Ive applied to lots of different industries based on what advisors and classmates have suggested. Most of the places ive applied to fall into the following categories: Tech, Quant Finance, Think Tanks. Lots of OA's and online technical interviews but nothing in person yet. I think this fall I will be looking into applied for predocs in econ or grad school in another area (applied math, CS, Stats, financial engineering).

When asked, "Would you mind sharing the school name?":

Madison

Pretty much all of my coding work whenever I get to choose a language is done in python so I'm very comfortable with the language. Im going to keep on applying with a focus on quant finance as that seems to be what interests me most these days but a PhD is not out of the question as im not sure if I have enough mathematical speed to ace trading interviews.

Are projects useful for quant resumes? I though academics is what really mattered.
