LIBRARY 
Brigham  Young  University 


¥m: 


'   J^ 

'■^ 

1^ 

^J^ 

^M 

'■:.^^-\ 

'.^  ■ 

m^^ 


3^ 


v'^ 


■^'. 


^'^ 


,r='-^ 


teS 


'^'■l^T'l^ 


??« 


^fj 


5^!!^S5^ 


.tiTwjSj 


* 


s>^ 


^J 

^ 

^M 

*<>« 

^P 

'.€ 

M 

P 

a 

'  -T 

ti^i*^^^^ 

-^, 

It 

1 

''* 

u' 


r 


LONDON    LABOUR 


AND  THE 


LONDON   POOR. 


i^ 


THOSE    THAT    WILL    NOT    WORK. 


THE  GKEAT  METKOPOLIS. 


I. 
LONDON   IN   THE   OLDEN   TIME. 

One  Volume,  4to,  price  10s,  6d.  cloth. 
THE    "WHITE    BOOK    OP    THE    CITY    OF    LONDON « 

Compiled  ad.  1419, 
During  the  Mayoralty  of  Richard  Whittingtoa : 

DESCKIBING, 

The  SoctAi,,  Political,  and  Criminal  Condition  of  the  City  in  the  Middle  Ages. 

II. 

LONDON  LABOUE  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 

Br  HENRY  MAYHEW. 

Three  volumes,  8vo,  price  1 1.  2s.  6d.  cloth, 

THE    LONDON    STREET    FOLK. 

comprising, 

Street  Beggars.  i  Street  Perforjiers. 

Street  Sellers.  I  Street  Artizans. 

Street  Finders.  {  Street  Labourers. 

The  Extra  Volume,  price  10s.  6d.,  cloth, 
THOSE    THAT    "WILL    NOT    ViTORK. 

COMPRISING, 

Prostittttes.  I  Swindlers. 

Thieves.  |      "  Beggars. 

By  Several  Contributors. 

III. 

One  large  volume  8vo,  price  10s.  Gd.  cloth. 

THE    PEISONS    OF   LONDON, 

AND 

SCEI^^ES   o:f   :F>I^ISOIs^  XjIife. 

By  henry  MAYHEW. 
With  Numerous  Illustrations  from  Photographs. 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 
in  2011  with  funding  from 
Brigham  Young  University 


http://www.archive.org/details/londonlabourlond04nnayh 


/^^LONDON  LABOUR 


AND    THE 


LONDON  POOR; 


CYCLOP^DLi.  OF  THE  CONDITION  AND  EARNINGS 

OF 

THOSE  THAT  WILL  WORK, 
THOSE  THAT  CANNOT  WORK,  AND 
THOSE  THAT  WILL  NOT  WORK. 

BY 

HENRY  MAYHEW. 


THOSE    THAT    WILL     NOT    WORK. 

COMPRISING, 

PROSTITUTES.  j  SWINDLERS. 

THIEVES.  I  BEGGARS. 

BY    SEVEKAIi    CONTRIBUTORS. 

WITH    INTRODUCTORY    ESSAY   ON    THE    AGENCIES    AT    PRESENT   IN 

OPERATION  IN  THE  METROPOLIS  FOR  THE  SUPPRESSION 

OF  VICE  AND  CRIME. 

By  the  Rev.  WILLIAM  TUCKNISS,  B.A., 

CHAPLAIN  TO  THE   SOCIETY   FOR  THE  RESCUE  OF   YCUNG  WOMEN    AND  CHILDREN. 

:  (X 

WITH     ILLUSTRATIONS. 

LONDON: 
GRIFFIN,    BOHN,    AND    COMPANY, 

STATIONERS'  HALL  COURT. 

1862. 


**  Misery  and  Ignorance  are  always  the  cause  of  gi'eat  evils.     Misery  is 
easily  excited  to  anger,  and  Ignorance  soon  yields  to  perfidious  comisels." — 

Addison. 


'SOVO,  VTAU 


ADVEETISEMENT. 


It  would  be  a  work  of  supererogation  to  extol  the  utility  of  such  a  publication 
as  "  London  Labour  and  the  London  Poor,"  so  apparent  must  be  its  value  to  all 
classes  of  society.  It  stands  alone  as  a  photograph  of  life  as  actually  spent  by  the 
lower  classes  of  the  Metropolis.  That  one  half  of  the  world  does  not  know  how 
the  other  half  lives  is  an  axiom  of  antiquity,  but  the  truthful  revelations  and  de- 
scriptions of  the  London  street  folk,  workers  and  non-workers,  and  the  means  by 
which  they  exist,  will  go  a  great  way  to  enlighten  the  educated  classes  respecting 
matters  which  have  hitherto  been  involved  in  mystery  and  uncertainty. 

The  class  of  individuals  treated  of  in  this  volume  are  the  Non- Workers,  or  in 
other  words,  the  Dangerous  Classes  of  the  Metropolis ;  and  every  endeavour  has 
been  made  to  obtain  correct  information,  not  only  through  the  assistance  of  the 
police  authorities,  but  by  an  expenditure  of  much  time  and  research  among  the  un- 
fortunates themselves.  Their  favourite  haunts,  and  the  localities  in  London 
wherein  they  chiefly  congregate,  as  well  as  their  modes  of  existence,  are  accurately 
described  ;  in  addition  to  which  have  been  inserted  very  many  deeply  interesting 
autobiographies,  faithfully  transcribed  from  their  own  lips,  which  go  far  to  unveil 
the  intricate  schemes  of  villany  and  crime  that  abound  in  the  Metropolis,  and 
prove  how  much  more  rational  and  effective  are  preventive  measures  than  such 
as  are  merely  correctional. 

Every  phase  of  vice  has  been  investigated  and  treated  of,  in  order  that  all 
possible  information  that  can  prove  interesting  to  the  moralist,  the  philanthropist, 
and  the  statist,  as  well  as  to  the  general  public,  might  be  afforded.  In  a  word  the 
veil  has  been  raised,  and  the  skeleton  exposed  to  the  view  of  the  public. 

In  order  to  inspire  hope  and  confidence  in  those  who  would  shudder  and  lose 
heart  in  the  perusal  of  such  a  record  of  crime  and  misery,  the  volume  is  prefaced 
by  a  comprehensive  account  of  the  agencies  in  operation  within  the  Metropolis  for 
the  suppression  of  crime  and  vice,  in  which  is  detailed  the  aim  and  scope  of  the 
numerous  religious  and  philanthropic  associations  now  actively  following  the  foot- 
steps of  that  Divine  Saviour,  Whose  chief  mission  was  to  the  poor  and  guilty. 

These  brave  workers  now  abound  in  all  the  dark  places  of  the  Metropolis,  and 
the  fruits  of  their  labours,  particularly  in  the  case  of  youthful  criminals,  are  be- 
coming, through  the  blessing  of  Providence,  abundantly  apparent. 

A  vast  amount  of  statistical  information,  compiled  from  authentic  records,  is 
contained  in  the  body  of  the  work,  and  in  the  Appendix,  and  a  few  illustrations 
are  introduced,  graphically  showing  the  extremes  of  vice  and  crime. 

The  publishers  have  to  thank  Sir  Eichard  Mayne  and  the  authorities  at  Scot- 
land Yard,  as  well  as  the  Secretaries  of  the  various  charitable  societies,  for  much 
valuable  information  and  assistance. 

Stationers^  Hall  Court; 
December.  1861. 


CONTENTS. 


THE  AGENCIES  AT  PEESENT   IN   OPERATION   WITHIN   THE  ME- 
TROPOLIS, FOR  THE  SUPPRESSION  OF  VICE  AND  CRIME. 
By  the  Rev.  William  Tuckniss,  B.A, 


Universal  Desire  for  Investigation 
Mere   Palliatives   insufficient^  to 

Check  the  Growth  of  Crime 
Decrease  of  Crime  doubtful  . . 
General  Desire  to  Alleviate  Misery 
Guthrie  ON  Great  Cities 
Social  Position  of  London  . . 
Agencies  at  Work  in  London 

Their  Number  and  Income 
Curative  Agencies    . . 

British  and  Foreign  Bible  Society 

Society  for  Promoting   Christian 
Knowledge 

Institution  for  Reading  the  Word 
of  God  in  the  Open  Air 

Theatre  Services  .. 

London  City  Mission, 

Church    of    England    Scripture 
Readers'  Society 

Religious  Tract  Society  .. 

Pure  Literature  Society  .. 
Preventive  Agencies  . . 

National  Temperance  Society 

United  Kingdom  Alliance 

Free  Drinking  Fountain  Associa- 
tion 

Ragged  School  Union 

Society    for  Improving  the  Con- 
dition of  the  Labouring  Classes 

Female  Servants'  Home  Society  . 

Female  Aid  Society 

Training  Institutions  for  Servants 

Field  Lane  Night  Refuges 

Dudley  Stuart  Night  Refuge 

Houseless  Poor  Asylum  . . 


PAGE 

xi 

xi 

xii 

xiii 

xiv 

XV 

xvii 

xvii 

xviii 

xix 

xix 

xix 
xix 

XX 

xxii 
xxiii 
xxiii 
xxiv 
xxiv 
xxiv 

XXV 
XXV 

XXV 

XX  vi 
xxvii 
xxvii 
xxvii 
xxvii 
xxviii 


Preventive  Agencies — continued. 

House  of  Charity  . . 

Foundling  Hospital 

Society  for  the  Suppression  of 
Mendicity 

Association  for  Promoting  the  Re- 
lief of  Destitution 

Association  for  the  Aid  and  Be- 
nefit of  Dressmakers  and  Mil- 
liners 

Young  Women's  Christian  Asso- 
ciation and  West-end  Home   . . 

Society  for  Promoting  the  Em- 
ployment of  Women     . . 

Metropolitan  Early  Closing  Asso- 
ciation, &c. 
Repressive  and  Punitive  Agencies 

Society  for  the  Suppression  of 
Vice 

The  Associate  Institution 

Society  for  Promoting  the  Ob- 
servance of  the  Lord's  Day     . . 

Society    for    the    Prevention    of 
Cruelty  to  Animals 
Reformative  Agencies 

Reformatory  and  Refuge  Union 

Reformative  Agencies  for  Fallen 
Women.. 

Magdalen  Hospital 

London  by  Moonlight  Mission   . . 

Society  for  the  Rescue  of  Young 
Women  and  Children  . . 

London  Female   Preventive  and 
Reformatory  Institution 
Concluding  Remarks  ..         ..         .. 


XXVlll 

xxviii 
xxviii 
xxviii 

xxix 
xxix 

XXX 

XXX 
XXX 

xxxi 
xxxi 

xxxiv 

xxxiv 
xxxiv 
xxxiv 

XXXV 

xxxvi 
xxxvii 

xxxvii 

xxxvii 
xxxviii 


INTRODUCTION  AND  CLASSIFICATION.    By  Henry  Mayhew 


Workers  and  Non-workers 

Classification  of  ditto 
Those  who  will  Work 

Enrichers 

Auxiliaries 

Benefactors 

Servitors 
Those  who  cannot  Work 

Those  who  are  provided  for . . 

Those  who  are  unprovided  for 
Those  who  will  not  Work 

Vagrants  or  Tramps  . . 

Professional  Beggars  . . 

Cheats  and  their  Dependants 

TJiieves  and  their  Dependants 

Prostitutes  and  their   Dependants 


2 
11 
12 
13 
16 
19 
20 
22 
22 
22 
23 
23 
23 
24 
25 
27 


Those  that  need  not  Work     .. 

Those  who  derive  their  Income  from 

Rent . . 
Those  who  derive  their  Income  from 

Dividends     .. 
Those  who  derive  their  Income  from 

Yearly  Stipends 
Those  who  derive  their  Income  from 

obsolete  or  nominal  Offices 
Those  who  derive  their  Income  from 

Trades  in  which  they  do  not  ap- 
pear .. 
Those  who  derive  their  Income  by 

favour  from  others  . . 
Those  who  derive  their  support  from 

the  head  of  the  family 


THE  NON-WORKERS.    By  Henry  Mayhew 


27 
27 
27 

27 


27 


27 

27 

27 
28 


VI  n 


CONTENTS. 


PROSTITUTES. 


THE   PROSTITUTE   CLASS   GENERALLY. 

Hemyng   .. 


By  Henry  Mayhew  and  Bkacebridge 


PAGE 


35 


Prostitution  in  Ancient  States 

37 

Prostitution  among  the  Semi-Civilized 

The  Jews,  &c. 

39 

'Nations— continued. 

Aueieiit  Egypt 

43 

The  ultra-Gangetic  Nations.. 

139 

Ancient  Greece 

45 

Egypt 

141 

Ancient  Rome 

49 

Northern  Africa 

149 

The  Anglo-Saxons 

34 

Arabia,  Syria,  and  Asia  Minor 

151 

Prostitution    among    the     Barbarous 

Turkey 

1.55 

Nations    .. 

58 

Circassia 

158 

African  Nations 

58 

The  Tartar  Races 

100 

Australia 

67 

Prostitution  among  the  Mixed  North- 

New Zealand  . . 

71 

ern  Nations 

163 

Islands  of  the  Pacific 

70 

Russia  ..         ,. 

165 

North  American  Indians 

84 

Siberia  .. 

167 

South  American  Indians 

90 

Iceland  and  Greenland 

172 

Cities  of  South  America 

93 

Lapland  and  Sweden . . 

174 

West  Indies 

94 

Norway 

177 

Java 

96 

Denmark 

179 

Sumatra 

99 

Prostitution  in  Civilized  States 

181 

Borneo.. 

103 

Spain    .. 

191 

Prostitution  among  the  Semi-civilized 

Amsterdam 

195 

Nations   .. 

, . 

104 

Belgium 

195 

Celebes 

107 

Hamburg 

196 

Persia   .. 

. . 

108 

Prussia — Germany     . . 

198 

TheAffghans 

, , 

111 

Berlin   .. 

198 

Kashmir 

. , 

115 

Austria 

200 

India     . . 

, . 

117 

Modern  Rome . . 

201 

Ceylon  .. 

125 

Turin 

203 

China    .. 

129 

Berne    .. 

204 

Japan    .. 

.. 

136 

Paris     .. 

205 

PROSTITUTION  IN  LONDON. 

By  Bracebridge  Hemyng 

210 

General  Remarks 

210 

Park  Women         .. 

242 

Seclusives,  or  those  that  Live  in 

Pri- 

Examples 

242 

vate  Houses  and  Apartments 

^  ^ 

215 

The  Dependants  of  Prostitutes 

246 

The  Haymarket 

,  , 

217 

Bawds  .. 

246 

Degree   of   Education  among   Prosti- 

Followers of  Dress  Lodgers . . 

247 

tutes 

^  , 

218 

Keepers  of  Accommodation  Houses 

249 

Board  Lodgers 

,  , 

220 

Procuresses,  Pim2)s,  and  Panders 

250 

Autobiographies 

,  , 

220 

Fancy  Men 

252 

Those  who  Live  in  low  Lodging  Houses 

223 

Bullies . . 

253 

Swindling  Sail 

223 

Clandestine  Prostitutes 

Lushing  Loo    . . 

224 

Female  Operatives     .. 

255 

Sailors'  Women    .. 

226 

IMaid  Servants 

257 

Visit  to  Ratcliflf  Highway 

228 

I^adies  of  Intrigue   and  Houses  of 

Visit  to  Bluegate  Fields,  &c. 

231 

Assignation.. 

Soldiers'  Women  .. 

233 

Cohabitant  Prostitutfs  . . 

259 

Visit  to  Knightsbridge 

235 

Narrative  of  a  Gay  Woman  .. 

260 

Thieves'  Women   .. 

236 

Criminal  Returns 

263 

Visit  to  Drury  Lane,  &c. 

236 

Traffic  in  Foreign  Women 

269 

THIEVES  AND  SWINDLERS.— By  John  Binny. 


Introduction 

Sneaks,  or  Common  Thieves 
Juvenile  Thieves 
Stealing  from  Street  Stalls 
Stealing  from  the  Till. 


PACiK 

273 

277 
277 
277 
278 


TAGE 


Sneaks  or  Common  Thieves — continued. 
Stealing  from  the  Doors  and  Windows 

of  Shops 279 

Stealing  from  Children         ..  ••     281 

Child  Stripping  ..     '     ..  ..281 


CONTENTS. 


THIEVES  AND  SWINDLERS— co?i<mwe^. 


IX   ! 


Sneaks  or  Common  Thieves — continued 

Stealing  from  Drunken  Persons      . .  282 

Stealing  Linen,  &c.     . .          . .          . .  283 

Robberies  from  Carts            . .          . .  284 

Stealing  Lead  from  House-tops,  Cop- 
per from  Kitchens,  &e.      . .          . .  285 

Robberies  by  false  Keys       . .          . .  286 

Robberies  by  Lodgers           . .          . .  288 

Robberies  by  Servants           . .          . .  289 

Area  and  Lobby  Sneaks       . .          . .  290 

Stealing  by  Lifting  Windows,  &c.    . .  292 

Attic  or  Garret  Thieves        . .          . .  293 

A  Visit  to  the  Rookery  of  St.  Giles  .  294 

Narrative  of  a  London  Sneak           . .  301 

Pickpockets  and  Shoplifters     . .         . .  303 

Common  Pickpockets            . .          . .  306 

Omnibus  Pickpockets            . .          . .  309 

Railway  Pickpockets             ..          ..  310 
A  Visit  to  the  Thieves'  Dens  in  Spital- 

fields             311 

Narrative  of  a  Pickpocket     ..          ..  316 

HoKSE  AND  Dog  Stealers           . .         . .  325 

Horse  Stealing            ..          ..          ..  325 

Dog  Stealing 325 

Highway  Robbers            ..          ..          ,.  326 
A  Ramble  among  the  Thieves'  Dens 

in  the  Borougli       . .          , .          . .  330 

Housebreakers  and  Burglars    . .         . .  334 

Narrative  of  a  Burglar           . .          . .  345 

Narrative  of  another  Burglar           . .  349 


Prostitute  Thieves 

Prostitutes  of  the  Haymarket 

Common  Street  Walkers 

Hired  Prostitutes 

Park  Women  . . 

Soldiers'  Women 

Sailors'  Women 
Felonies  on  the  River  Thames 

Mudlarks 

Sweeping  Boys 

Sellers  of  Small  Wares 

Labourers  on  board  Ship 

Dredgermen  or  Fishermen 

Smuggling- 
Felonies  by  Lightermen 

The  River  Pirates 

Narrative  of  a  Mudlark 
Receivers  of  Stolen  Property 

Dolly  Shops    .. 

Pawnbrokers,  &c. 

Narrative      of     a     Returned 
vict    .. 
Coining 

Coiners . . 

Forgers 
Cheats 

Embezzlers 

Magsmen  or  Sharpers 

Swindlers 


Con- 


PAGE 

355 
356 
360 
361 
362 
363 
365 
366 
366 
367 
367 
367 
368 
368 
368 
369 
370 
373 
373 
374 

373 
377 

378 
380 
383 
383 

385 
388 


BEGGARS.— By  Andrew  Halliday. 


I 


I 


Introduction 

Origin  and  History  of  the  Poor  Laws 

Statistics  of  the  Poor  Laws   . . 

Report  of  the  Poor  Law  Board 
Street  Beggars  in  1816  . . 
Mendicant  Pensioners     . . 
Mendicity  Society 

Examples  of  Applications     . . 
Begging  Letter  Writers  . 

Decayed  Gentlemen . . 

Broken-down  Tradesmen 

Distressed  Scholar     . . 

The  Kaggs' Family    .. 
Advertising  Begging  Letter  Writers 
Ashamed  Beggars  .. 
The  Swell  Beggar 
Clean  Family  Beggars    .. 
Naval  and  Military  Beggars    . . 

Turnpike  Sailor 

Street  Campaigners    . . 
Foreign  Beggars  .. 

The  French  Beggar  . , 

Destitute  Poles 

Hindoo  Beggars 

Negro  Beggars .. 


PAGE 

393 
394 
397 
397 
398 
399 
399 
401 
403 
404 
405 
405 
406 
410 
412 
413 
413 
415 
415 
417 
419 
419 
420 
423 
425 


Disaster  Beggars 

A  Shipwrecked  Mariner 
Blown-up  Miners 
Burnt-out  Tradesmen 
Lucifer  Droppers 
Bodily  Afflicted  Beggars 
Seventy  years  a  Beggar 
Having  swollen  Legs . . 
Cripples 
A  Blind  Beggar 
Beggars  subject  to  Fits 
Being  in  a  Decline 
Shallow  Coves 
Famished  Beggars 
The  Choking  Dodge  . . 
The  Offal  Eater 

Petty  Trading  Beggars 
An  Author's  Wife 

Dependants  op  Beggars  . . 
Referees 

Distressed  Operative  Beggars 
Starved-out  Manufacturers 
Unemployed  Agriculturists 
Frozen-out  Gardeners 
Hand-loom  Weavers,  &c. 


PAGE 

427 
428 
429 
429 
431 
431 
432 
433 
433 
433 
434 
435 
435 
436 
437 
437 
438 
440 
441 
445 
446 
446 
446 
446 
447 


[      X      ] 


APPENDIX. 


Maps  and  Tables 

Illustrating  the  Criminal  Statistics  of  each  of  the  Counties  of  England  and  "Wales 

IN  1851. 


Map  showing  the  Density  of  the  Popula- 
tion 

Table  of  ditto 

Map  .showing  the  Intensity  of  Criminality 

Table  of  ditto 

Map  showing  the  Intensity  of  Ignorance 

Table  of  ditto 

Table  of  Ignorance  among  Criminals 

Table  of  Degrees  of  Criminality     . . 

Comparative  Educational  Tables  . . 
Map  showing  the  Number  of  Illegitimate 
Children   .. 

Table  of  ditto 

Map  showing  the  Number  of  Early  Mar- 
riages 

Table  of  ditto 

Map  showing  the  Number  of  Females   . . 

Table  of  ditto 

Map  showing  Commitals  for  Rape 

Table  of  ditto  


I'AC'.E 


PA    B 


Map    showing    Committals  for    Assault 

451 

with  Intent  to  Ravish  and    Carnally 

452 

Abuse 

481 

455 

Table  of  ditto 

482 

456 

Map  showing   Commitals  for  Disorderly 

459 

Houses 

485 

460 

Table  of  ditto 

486 

462 

Map  showing  Concealment  of  Births 

489 

464 

Table  of  ditto 

490 

465 

Map  showing  attempts  at  Miscarriage    . . 

493 

Table  of  ditto 

494 

467 

Map  showing  Assaults  with  Intent 

497 

468 

Table  of  ditto 

498 

Map  showing  Committals  for  Bigamy     . . 

499 

471 

Table  of  ditto 

500 

472 

Map]  showing    Committals    for    Abduc- 

475 

tion 

501 

476 

Table  of  ditto 

502 

477 

Map  showing  the  Criminality  of  Females 

503 

479 

Table  of  ditto 

504 

LIST  OF  ILLUSTRATIONS. 


A    Midnight   Meeting — Rev.  Baptist  Noel  speaking       ''  .. 

Greek  Dancing  Girl— Hetaira — Age  op  Socrates  . . 

Roman  Brothel — Imperial  Era    . . 

Women  or  the  Bosjes  Race 

Girls  of  Nl^bia— Making  Pottery 

Woman  of  the  Sacs,  or  "  Sau-kies,"  Tribe  of  American  Indians 

Dyak  AVomen — Borneo   . . 

Chinese  Woman— Prostitute 

Scene  in  the  Gardens  of  '  Closerie  des  Lilas' — Paris 

A  Night  House — Kate  Hamilton's 

The  New  Cut— Evening  .. 

The  Haymarket— Midnight 

Boys  Exercising  at  Tothill  Fields'  Prison 

Cell,  with  Prisoner  at  Crank  Labour  in  the  Surrey  House  of  Correction 

Friends  Visiting  Prisoners 

Liberation  of  Prisoners  from    Coldbath  Fields'  House  of  Correction 


Frontispiece 

Page      45 

47 

59 

65 

85 

103 

129 

213 

217 

223 

261 

301 

345 

377 

387 


INTRODUCTION. 


THE  AGENCIES  AT  PRESENT  IN  OPERATION  WITHIN  THE  METROPOLIS 
FOR  THE  SUPPRESSION  OF  VICE  AND  CRIME. 


One  of  tlie  most  remarkable  and  distinctive  features  of  the  present  age  is  the 
imiversal  desire  for  analytical  investigations.  Almost  every  branch  of  social 
economy  is  treated  with  a  precision,  and  pursued  with  an  accuracy,  that  pertains  to 
an  exact  science.  Demonstration  has  been  reduced  to  a  mathematical  certainty  ; 
figures  and  statistics  everywhere  abound,  and  supply  data  for  further  research. 

Too  often,  however,  it  happens  that  the  solution  of  the  social  problem,  or  the 
collation  of  facts  tending  to  throw*  light  upon  the  moral  and  religious  condition  of 
our  country,  forms  the  goal,  and  not  the  starting  point  of  our  labours. 

Having  accomplished  a  diligent,  and  often  a  laborious,  search,  and  succeeded  in 
eliminating  truth  from  a  mass  of  contradictory  evidence,  men  are  generally  satisfied 
with  the  mere  pleasure  derived  from  success.  Their  knowledge,  the  hard  pursuit 
of  which  has  called  forth  immense  energy  and  perseverance,  and  entrenched 
largely  on  their  time  and  capital,  is  no  longer  the  means  to  an  end,  but  the  end 
itself.  Having  gathered  a  few  pebbles  from  the  exhaustless  arcana  of  social  philo- 
sophy, they  complacently  enjoy  their  newly-found  treasures,  without  a  thought 
of  the  practical  uses  to  which  they  may  be  applied. 

Other  men  are  found  who  enter  into  their  labours,  and  use  the  materials  thus 
collected  as  the  basis  of  fm'ther  philanthropic  investigations. 

While  thus  perpetually  rising  higher  in  the  scale  of  intelligence,  and  arriving 
at  closer  approximations  to  truth,  men  too  often  neglect  to  turn  their  discoveries 
to  any  utilitarian  or  practical  purpose,  and  rest  content  v/ith  merely  theoretical 
results. 

Thus  it  is  that  while  an  inductive  philosophy  is  built  up  from  a  series  of  statis- 
tics and  particulars,  very  little  is  being  done  to  reduce  this  knowledge  to  practice. 
The  science  of  investigation  is  admirable  as  far  as  it  goes,  and  the  pursuit  of  truth 
is  at  all  times  an  object  worthy  of  human  ambition ;  but  it  must  become  the  pioneer 
to  tangible  results,  or  its  utility  will  by  no  means  be  apparent ;  and  indeed  it 
becomes  a  question,  in  an  active  state  of  existence,  how  far  knowledge,  which  is 
final  in  its  character  and  valuable  merely  for  its  own  sake,  is  calculated  to  reward 
the  efforts  expended  on  its  acquisition.  It  is  true  that  the  old  philosophers  held 
a  contemplative  life  to  be  the  highest  development  of  human  happiness,  but  their 
dreamy  and  fluctuating  views  are  hardly  likely  to  carry  weight  in  an  age  of  bustling 
activity ;  and  it  is  equally  certain  that  the  bare,  quiescent  contemplation  of  evil  in 
all  its  endless  ramifications  and  hideous  consequences,  apart  from  all  remedial 
efforts,  is  not  likely  to  prove  satisfactory  to  the  philanthi'opist,  nor  consolatory  to 
the  Christian. 

It  is  only  so  far  as  knowledge  opens  up  to  us  the  path  of  usefulness,  and  directs 
us  hov/  and  where  to  plant  our  energies  for  the  benefit  of  the  human  race,  that  it 
becomes  really  valuable.  If,  however,  knowledge  be  power,  and  if  the  discovery  of 
an  evil  be  half-way  towards  its  cure,  then  have  we  a  right  to  expect  that  our 
humanitarian  and  other  appliances  for  the  alleviation  of  misery  and  the  prevention 
of  crime,  should  at  least  keep  pace  with  modern  developments  of  social  science. 

~~T2 


xu 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOR. 


Hitherto  men  have  been  content  to  declaim  against  these  evils,  wherever  they 
existed,  without  suggesting  any  feasible  remedies. 

For  a  length  of  time  our  philanthropic  schemes  have  partaken  too  much  of  the 
character  of  mere  surface  appliances,  directed  to  the  amelioration  of  existing  evils, 
but  in  no  way  likely  to  eifect  their  extirpation.  We  have  been  dealing  with  effects 
rather  than  with  first  causes,  and  in  our  zeal  to  absorb,  divert,  or  diminish  the 
former,  the  latter  have  generally  escaped  detection.  When  too  late,  we  have  dis- 
covered that  mere  palliatives  will  not  suffice,  and  that  they  are  powerless  to 
resist  the  steady  growth  of  crime  in  all  its  subtle  developments.  For,  as  well 
might  we  attempt  to  exhaust  the  perennial  flow  of  a  spring  by  the  application  of 
sponges,  as  prescribe  external  alleviations  for  our  social  disorders. 

Our  homes,  penitentiaries,  and  industrial  reformatories  mil  continue  to  do  their 
work  of  mercy  upon  an  infinitesimal  scale,  and  wdll  snatch  solitary  individuals 
from  impending  destruction ;  but  in  the  meantime  the  reproductive  process  goes 
on,  and  fresh  victims  are  hurried  upon  the  stage  of  suffering  and  of  guilt,  from 
numberless  unforeseen  and  unsuspected  channels,  thus  causing  a  continuous  succes- 
sion of  want,  profligacy,  and  wretchedness. 

We  have  affected  surprise,  that,  notwithstanding  all  our  benevolent  exertions, 
and  the  completeness  and  efficiency  of  our  reclaiming  systems,  the  great  tide  of 
om'  social  impurities  continues  to  roll  on  with  increasing  velocity.  Happily, 
however,  for  future  generations,  there  is  a  manifest  tendency  in  the  present  age  to 
correct  these  fatal  mistakes,  and  to  return  to  first  principles. 

The  science  of  anatomy  is  not  confined  to  hospitals  and  dissecting-rooms,  nor 
restricted  in  its  application  to  the  human  frame.  Social  science  conferences,  and 
other  associations  are  laying  bare  the  deeply-imbedded  roots  of  om*  national  evils, 
and  are  preparing  the  way  for  their  extirpation.  Men  are  getting  tired  of  planting 
flowers  and  training  creepers  to  hide  their  social  upases,  and  are  beginning  to  dis- 
cover that  it  is  both  sounder  policy  and  truer  economy  to  uproot  a  noxious  weed 
than  to  pluck  off  its  poisonous  berries. 

We  have  flattered  ourselves  that  education  and  civilization,  with  all  their 
humanizing  and  elevating  influences,  would  gradually  permeate  all  ranks  of 
society ;  and  that  the  leaven  of  Christianity  would  ultimately  subdue  the  power  of 
evil,  and  convert  our  outer  world  into  an  Elysium  of  purity  and  unselfishness. 
The  results,  however,  of  past  years  have  hardly  answered  these  sanguine  expecta- 
tions ;  and  our  present  experience  goes  far  to  prove,  that  while  there  has  un- 
doubtedly been  progress  for  good,  there  has  been  a  corresponding  progress  for 
evil ;  for  although  the  criminal  statistics  of  some  localities  exhibit  a  sensible 
diminution  in  certain  forms  of  vice,  we  must  not  forget  that  an  increase  of  educa- 
tion and  a  growing  intelligence  bring  with  them  superior  facilities  for  the  success- 
ful perpetration  and  concealment  of  crime. 

All  the  latest  developments  of  science  and  skill  being  pressed  into  the  service  of 
the  modern  criminal,  his  evasion  of  justice  must  often  be  regarded  less  as  the  result 
of  caution,  or  of  a  fortuitous  combination  of  favourable  circumstances,  than  of  his 
knowledge  of  chemical  properties  and  physical  laws.  So  far  indeed  from  our  being 
able  to  augm*  favourably  from  the  infrequency  of  convictions,  the  fearful  tragedies 
which  are  occasionally  brought  to  the  sm-face  of  society,  coupled  in  many  instances 
with  a  surprising  fertility  of  resource  and  ingenuity  of  method,  are  indicative  of 
an  under  current  of  crime — the  depth  and  foulness  of  which  defy  all  computation. 
We  may  add  further,  that  the  immense  difficulty  of  obtaining  direct  evidence  in 
cases  of  criminal  prosecution,  and  the  onus  prohandi  that  the  law,  not  unfairly, 
throws  upon  the  accusers,  are  sufficient  to  hush  up  any  cases  of  mere  suspicion ; 
so  that  at  present  we  possess  no  adequate  data  by  which  to  gauge  the  real  dimen- 
sions of  crime,  or  to  judge  respecting  its  insidious  growth  and  power.  It  is  not, 
however,  so  much  with  crime  in  tlie  abstract,  as  with  the  most  prolific  soiu-ces  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  xiii 


vice  that  the  philanthropist  has  to  deal;  and  it  is  a  highly  suggestive  and 
encouraging  fact  that,  in  these  days,  men  are  concerned  in  investigating  the  various 
causes  of  crime,  and  in  exposing  its  reflex  influence  upon  society.  J  ust  in  proportion 
as  they  adhere  to  this  course,  which  is  distinguished  alike  by  prudence  and  saga- 
city, will  they  become  instrumental  in  effecting  a  radical  reformation  of  existing 
evils,  and  in  restoring  society  to  a  more  healthy  and  vigorous  condition.  "  What 
we  want  in  all  such  cases  is  no  false  rhetoric  and  no  violent  outbursts  of  passion, 
but  clear  statements  of  that  vivid  truth  which  contains  the  intrinsic  elements  of 
reformation  amongst  mankind.  The  true  philanthropist  is  the  man  whose  judg- 
ment is  on  a  par  with  his  feelings,  and  who  recognizes  the  fact  that  there  is  some 
particle  of  meaning  in  every  particle  of  suffering  around  us. 

"Some  of  this  wi-etchedness  is  remediable,  the  result  of  actual  causes  which  may 
be  altered,  though  much  is  beyond  human  control.  In  an  age  like  this,  however 
we  may  toil  to  overtake  the  urgent  need  of  our  own  time,  the  difficulty  is,  at  the 
same  time,  calmly  and  deliberately  to  satisfy  the  fresh  wants  which  may  daily  arise 
— keeping  pace  with  them.  With  the  heavy  defalcations  from  past  years  weigh- 
ing upon  them,  our  statesmen  and  economists  are  often  bewildered  at  the  magni- 
tude of  their  engagements ;  while  the  best  and  wisest  amongst  us  are  crushed  and 
appalled  by  the  new  and  giant  evils  which  are  continually  being  brought  to  light. 
Earnest  thought,  however,  is  the  true  incentive  to  action,"*  and  we  would  thankfully 
recognize  as  one  visible  result  of  the  increasing  attention  given  to  matters  of 
public  interest,  a  growing  disposition  on  the  'part  of  all  who  are  qualified  by 
position  and  authority,  to  grapple  manfully  with  the  various  phases  of  wretched- 
ness and  crime  now  contributing  their  influence  upon  our  social  condition. 

Nowhere  are  these  hopeful  indications  more  manifest  than  in  this  giant  metro- 
polis, where  the  various  conditions  of  ordinary  life  seem  to  be  intensified  by  their 
direct  contact  with  good  and  evil ;  and  where  Christianity  appears  to  be  struggling 
to  maintain  its  independent  and  aggressive  character,  amid  much  that  is  calculated 
to  retard  its  progress  and  check  its  influence. 

It  is  here,  within  the  crowded  areas  and  noisome  purlieus  of  this  greatest  of 
great  cities,  that  we  may  gather  lessons  of  life  to  be  gained  nowhere  else — and  of 
which  those  can  form  a  very  inadequate  conception,  who  dwell  only  in  an  atmo- 
sphere of  honied  flowers  and  rural  pleasures. 

It  is  here  especially  that  the  sorrows  and  sufferings  of  humanity  have  evoked 
an  active  and  pervasive  spirit  of  benevolence,  which  has  infected  all  ranks  and 
penetrated  every  class  of  society ;  so  that  the  high  born  and  the  educated,  the 
gentle  and  the  refined,  vie  with  each  other  in  a  restless  energy  to  alleviate  human 
misery  and  to  assuage  some  of  the  groans  of  creation.  This  disposition  to  relieve 
distress  in  every  shape,  and  to  mitigate  the  ills  of  a  common  brotherhood,  pro- 
claims at  once  its  divine  origin,  and  is,  in  fact,  the  nearest  assimilation  to  the 
character  of  Him  who  "  went  about  doing  good." 

The  germ  of  this  heaven-born  principle  has  survived  the  fall ;  and  though  its 
highest  development  is  one  of  the  distinguishing  marks  of  the  true  Christian,  its 
existence  is  discernible  in  all  who  have  not  sinned  away  the  last  faint  outlines  of 
the  Divine  image. 

Some  philosophers,  indeed,  would  persuade  us  that  there  is  no  such  thing  in 
existence  as  a  principle  of  pure,  unmixed  benevolence  ;  that  every  exercise  of 
charity  is  simply  another  mode  of  self-gratification,  and  every  generous  impulse 
a  mere  exhibition  of  selfishness. 

Undoubtedly  there  is  a  "  luxury  in  doing  good,"  and  the  ability  to  contribute  to 
the  happiness  of  others  is  one  of  the  pui-est  sources  of  human  gratification  ;  but 
we  question  whether  an  act,  resulting  from  mere  self-love,  is  capable  of  yielding 
any   solid    satisfaction   to   the   agent;  and   we   therefore  hold  the  existence  of 

*  Meliora,  No.  viii.,  p.  317. 


XIV 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


genuine  benevolence,  believing  that  it  is  a  principle  innate  in  the  human  breast, 
and  reo[uiring  only  to  be  developed  and  consecrated  by  religious  influence  to 
become  one  of  the  most  powerful  levers  for  the  evangelization  of  the  world. 

Unhappily  there  are  too  many  who  have  schooled  themselves  to  the  practice  of 
inhumanity,  and  closed  up  the  springs  of  spontaneous  sympathy,  thus  depriving 
the  heart  of  its  rightful  heritage,  and  restricting  the  sphere  of  its  operations  to 
self.  Those  who  thus  sever  themselves  from  all  external  influences  are  left  at 
length  in  imdisturbed  possession  of  a  little  world  of  their  own  creation.  No 
longer  linked  to  their  fellow-men  in  the  bonds  of  true  fellowship,  their  orbit  of 
activity  becomes  narrower,  until  at  length  every  avenue  to  the  heart  is  hermetically 
sealed,  except  such  as  minister  to  self-gratification  and  indulgence.  The  man 
who  has  thus  estranged  himself  from  the  rest  of  creation,  and  become  isolated  from 
all  the  ties  of  a  common  humanity,  is  indeed  an  object  of  unqualified  pity,  because 
he  has  destroyed  one  of  the  purest  springs  of  happiness. 

He  who,  on  the  other  hand,  is  most  fully  alive  to  the  claims  of  universal 
brotherhood,  and  whose  heart  is  most 

"  At  leisure  from  itself, 
To  soothe  aud  sympatliize," 

is  the  highest  tyjDC  of  man,  and  the  best  representative  of  '^his]  race.  This 
spirit  of  brotherhood  if  recognised  by  the  world,  would  "  hush  the  thunder 
of  battle,  and  wipe  away  the  tears  of  nations.  It  would  sweep  earth's  wildernesses 
of  moral  blight,  causing  them  to  blossom  as  the  rose." 

Those  persons  who  accustom  themselves  to  speak  of  London  as  a  mere  seething 
caldron  of  crime,  or  as  a  very  charnel-house  of  impurity,  without  any  redeeming 
character  or  hopeful  element,  are  surely  as  wide  of  the  mark  as  they  v.-ho 
under-rate  its  vast  resoui'ces  for  crime,  or  take  a  superficial  view  of  its  predo- 
minant vices. 

It  would,  perhaps,  be  a  curious  and  not  unprofitable  subject  of  inquiry  how  far 
the  metropolis  contributes  its  influence  for  good  or  evil  upon  the  provinces,  and 
to  what  extent  the  country  is  capable  of  reciprocating  this  influence.  Probably, 
allowance  being  made  for  the  difierence  of  population,  the  law  of  giving  and 
receiving  is  pretty  evenly  adjusted.  Those  forms  of  vice  which  seem  to  be  more 
indigenous  to  our  great  cities  are  steadily  imported  into  the  country,  while  on 
the  other  hand,  the  hamlet  and  the  village  transmit  to  the  town  those  particular 
vices  in  which  they  appear  to  be  constitutionally  most  prolific. 

It  is  in  the  crowded  city,  however,  that  the  seeds  of  good  or  evil  are  brought  to 
the  highest  state  of  matuiity,  and  virtue  and  vice  most  rapidly  developed,  under 
the  forcing  influences  that  everywhere  abound. 

"  Great  cities,"  says  Dr.  Guthrie,  "many  have  found  to  be  great  curses.  It  had 
been  well  for  many  an  honest  lad  and  unsuspecting  country  girl,  that  hopes  of 
higher  wages  and  opportunities  of  fortune — that  the  gay  attire  and  polished 
tongue,  and  gilded  story  of  some  old  acquaintance — had  never  tui'ncd  their  steps 
cityward,  nor  turned  them  from  the  rude  simplicity,  but  safety  of  their  rustic 
home.  Many  a  foot  that  once  lightly  pressed  the  heather  or  brushed  the  dewy 
grass,  has  wearily  trodden  in  darkness,  and  guilt,  and  remorse,  on  these  city  pave- 
ments. Hapjiy  had  it  been  for  many  that  they  had  never  exchanged  the  starry 
skies  for  the  lamps  of  the  town,  nor  had  left  their  lonely  glens,  or  quiet  hamlets, 
or  solitary  shores,  for  the  throng  and  roar  of  our  streets.  AVell  for  them  that  they 
had  heard  no  roar  but  the  rivers,  whose  winter  flood  it  liad  been  safer  to  breast ; 
no  roar  but  oceans,  whose  stormiest  waves  it  had  been  safer  to  ride,  than  encounter 
the  flood  of  city  temptations,  which  has  wrecked  their  virtue '  and  swept  them 
iiito  ruin. 

"  Yet  I  bless  God  for  cities.     The  world  liad  not  been  ^vhat  it  is  without  them. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  xv 


The  disciples  were  commanded  to  '  begin  at  Jerusalem,'  and  Paul  threw  himself 
into  the  cities  of  the  ancient  world,  as  offering  the  most  commanding  positions  of 
influence.  Cities  have  been  as  lamps  of  light  along  the  pathway  of  humanity 
and  religion.  Within  them  science  has  given  birth  to  her  noblest  discoveries. 
Behind  their  walls  freedom  has  fought  her  noblest  battles.  They  have  stood  on 
the  surface  of  the  earth  like  great  breakwaters,  rolling  back  or  turning  aside  the 
swelling  tide  of  oppression.  Cities,  indeed,  have  been  the  cradles  of  human 
liberty.  They  have  been  the  radiating,  active  centres  of  almost  all  chm-cli  and 
state  reformation.  The  highest  humanity  has  been  developed  in  cities.  Somehow 
or  other,  amid  their  crowding  and  confinement,  the  human  mind  finds  its  fullest 
freest  expansion.  Unlike  the  dwarfed  and  dusty  plants  which  stand  in  our  city 
gardens,  languishing  like  exiles  for  the  purer  air  and  freer  sunshine,  that  kiss  their 
fellows  far  away  in  flowery  fields  and  green  woodland,  on  sunny  banks  and  breezy 
hills,  man  reaches  his  highest  condition  amid  the  social  influences  of  the  crowded 
city.  His  intellect  receives  its  brightest  polish,  where  gold  and  silver  lose  theirs, 
tarnished  by  the  scorching  smoke  and  foul  vapours  of  city  air.  The  mental 
powers  acquire  their  full  robustness,  where  the  cheek  loses  its  ruddy  hue,  and  the 
limbs  their  elastic  step,  and  pale  thought  sits  on  manly  brows,  and  as  aerolites — 
those  shooting  stars  which,  like  a  good  man  on  his  path  in  life,  leave  a  train  of 
glory  behind  them  on  the  dusky  sky — are  supposed  to  catch  fire  by  the  rapidity  of 
their  motion,  as  they  rush  through  the  higher  regions  of  our  atmosphere,  so  the 
mind  of  man  fires,  burns,  shines,  acquires  its  most  dazzling  brilliancy,  by  the  very 
rapidity  of  action  into  which  it  is  thrown  amid  the  bustle  and  excitements  of  city 
life.  And  if,  just  as  in  those  countries  where  tropical  suns,  and  the  same  skies, 
ripen  the  sweetest  fruit  and  the  deadliest  poisons — you  find  in  the  city  the  most 
daring  and  active  wickedness,  you  find  there  also,  boldly  confronting  it,  the  most 
active,  diligent,  warm-hearted,  self-denying  and  devoted  Christians."  * 

London  then  may  be  considered  as  the  grand  central  focus  of  operations,  at 
once  the  emporium  of  crime  and  the  palladium  of  Christianity.  It  is,  in  fact  the 
great  arena  of  conflict  between  the  powers  of  darkness  and  the  ministry  of  heaven. 
Here,  within  the  area  of  our  metropolis,  the  real  struggle  is  maintained  between 
the  two  antagonistic  principles  of  good  and  evil.  It  is  here  that  they  join  issue  in 
the  most  deadly  proximity,  and  struggle  for  the  vantage-ground. 

Here  legions  of  crime  and  legions  of  vices  unite  and  form  an  almost  impene- 
trable phalanx,  while  the  strong  man  armed  enjoys  his  goods  in  peace — no,  not  in 
peace,  for  here  too  the  banner  of  the  cross  is  most  firmly  planted,  and  Christianity 
wins  its  freshest  laurels.  Plere  is  the  stronghold,  the  occupation  of  which  by  the 
everlasting  gospel,  has  given  vigour,  support,  and  consistency  to  the  religion  of  the 
world.  Here  is  concentrated  that  fervent  and  apostolic  piety  that  has  made  itself 
felt  to  the  remotest  corner  of  the  earth  ;  and  here  is  the  nucleus  of  missionary 
enterprise,  and  the  radiating  centre  of  active  benevolence. 

"  The  Christian  power  that  has  moved  a  sluggish  world  on,  the  Christian  bene- 
volence and  energy  that  have  changed  the  face  of  society,  the  Christian  zeal  that 
has  gone  forth,  burning  to  win  nations  and  kingdoms  for  Jesus,"  have  received 
their  birth  or  development  in  London. 

Since,  then,  this  busy  mart  of  the  world,  in  which  the  most  opposite  and  dissimilar 
wares  are  exhibited,  is  made  up  of  such  composite  materials  and  conflicting  elements, 
it  is  only  fair  that  while  estimating  its  capabilities  for  crime,  and  endeavom-ing  to 
plumb  its  depths  of  depravity,  ignorance,  and  suffering,  we  should,  when  possible, 
faithfully  depict  their  opposites,  and  take  cognizance  of  such  instrumentalities  as 
present  the  best  antidotes  and  alleviations. 

It  is  questionable,  indeed,  how  far  the  cause  of  religion  and  morality  would  be 

*   The  City,  its  Siifs  and  its  Sorrows,  p.  8. 


xvi  LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  FOOR. 


promoted  by  a  ghastly  array  of  facts,  representing  the  dimensions  of  crime  in  all 
its  naked  deformity,  or  by  any  cxliibition,  however  truthful,  of  vice  and  wretched- 
ness imder  their  most  repulsive  aspects,  and  without  any  cheering  reference  to 
corrective  and  remedial  agencies.  The  effect  produced  upon  the  mind,  in  such  a 
case,  would  be,  in  the  generality  of  instances,  blank  despair  ;  and  the  only  in- 
fluence thus  excited  would  partake  strongly  of  that  morbid  sympathy  and  unhealthy 
excitement,  awakened  by  delineations  of  fictitious  distress. 

To  unravel  the  dark  catalogue  of  London  profligacy,  and  present  to  the  eye  of 
the  reader  the  wearisome  expanse  of  guilt  and  suffering,  unrelieved  by  any  indica- 
tions of  improvement,  would  be  like  exhibiting  the  convulsive  death-agony  of  a 
drowning  man  without  the  friendly  succour  of  a  rope,  or  like  conjui'ing  up  the 
horrors  of  a  ship-wreck  without  the  mental  relief  afforded  by  a  life-boat. 

We  need  the  day  star  of  hope  to  guide  us  through  the  impenetrable  gloom  of 
moral  darkness.  The  olive  branch  of  mercy  and  the  rainbow  of  promise  are  as 
needful  tokens  of  social  and  religious  improvement,  as  of  abated  judgments  and 
returning  favom*. 

After  being  required  to  give  attention  to  figures  and  statistics  representing  crime 
in  the  aggregate,  the  mental  eye  requires  alleviation  from  the  gross  darkness  it  has 
encountered,  and  looks  impatiently  for  some  streak  of  light  in  the  moral  horizon, 
indicative  of  approaching  day.  To  view  London  crime  and  misery,  without  their 
encouraging  counterparts,  would  be  like  groping  oui*  way  through  the  blackness  of 
midnight,  unrelieved  by  the  faintest  glimmer  of  light. 

Just,  however,  as  stars  shine  brightest  in  the  darkest  nights,  so  may  we  discover 
some  element  of  hope  under  the  most  appalling  exhibitions  of  human  depravity, 
which  thus  serve  as  a  background  to  portray  in  bolder  relief,  and  by  force  of 
contrast,  the  redeeming  qualities  of  Christianity. 

As  a  work  of  absorbing  interest  and  utility  to  the  British  philanthropist,  Mr. 
Mayhew's  wonderful  book,  "  London  Labour  and  Loudon  Poor,"  stands  probably 
unrivalled.  The  mass  of  evidence  and  detail,  accmnulated  after  the  most  careful 
and  indefatigable  research,  and  the  personal  interest  which  is  sustained  throughout, 
by  the  relation  of  facts  and  occurrences,  gleaned  from  the  author's  own  private  ob- 
servation, or  in  which  he  took  an  active  share,  render  his  work  both  invaluable  to 
the  legislator  and  acceptable  to  the  general  reader. 

While,  however,  the  former  will  refer  to  it  as  a  book  of  reference,  the  latter 
would  probably  rise  from  its  perusal,  with  a  sickening  apprehension  of  London 
depravity,  and  unless  fortified  by  a  previous  knowledge  of  counteracting  agencies 
would  probably  form  a  too  lugubrious  and  desponding  view  of  its  social  aspects. 
As  any  such  impression,  derived  from  ex-parte  statements,  would  be  highly  detri- 
mental to  the  cause  of  truth  and  religious  progress,  and  might  contribute  to  the 
relaxation  of  individual  effort,  the  publishers  have  naturally  hesitated  to  allow  one 
of  the  most  startling  and  vivid  records  of  crime  to  go  forth  to  the  world,  without 
directing  attention  to  +he  most  approved  and  popular  agencies,  for  the  correction  of 
such  abuses,  as  have  been  faithfully  delineated  in  the  course  of  the  work. 

The  following  brief  summary  of  charitable  and  religious  organizations,  having 
for  their  object  the  repression  of  crime  and  the  diffusion  of  vital  Christianity,  is 
intended  therefore  to  form  a  supplement,  or  prefatory  essay,  to  the  fourth  and  con- 
cluding volume  of  London  Labour  and  London  Poor. 

It  would  be  impossible,  within  the  narrow  limits  that  have  been  assigned  to  this 
essay,  to  do  more  than  touch  in  a  cursory  and  incidental  manner  upon  some  of  the 
principal  agencies  now  at  work  within  the  metropolis,  for  the  suppression  of  vice 
and  crime  ;  the  object  being  not  so  much  to  exhibit  the  results  which  have  rewarded 
such  instrumentalities,  great  and  incalculable  as  they  are,  as  to  indicate  the  best 
channels  of  usefulness,  towards  which  jjublic  attention  should  be  constantly 
directed ;  not  to  foster  pride  and  self-complacency  by  tracing  the  progress  we  have 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  xvii 


already  made,  in  the  race  of  Christian  philanthropy,  but  rather  to  show  how  we 
may,  by  rendering  efficient  support  to  existing  organizations,  advance  still  further 
towards  the  goal,  and  rise  to  higher  degrees  of  service  in  that  ministry  of  love, 
which  aims  at  nothing  less  than  the  regeneration  of  society,  and  the  restoration  of 
its  unhappy  prodigals  to  a  condition  of  present  and  eternal  peace. 

What  we  want  is  not  so  much  the  elaboration  of  new  schemes  and  the  introduc- 
tion of  untried  agencies,  as  a  more  unanimous  and  hearty  co-operation  in  sustain- 
ing such  as  are  at  present  in  existence,  many  of  which  though  fully  deserving  of  a 
large  measm'e  of  confidence  and  support,  are  grown  effete  solely  from  want  of 
funds  to  maintain  them  in  efficiency. 

It  has  been  truthfully  remarked  that  there  is  hardly  a  woe  or  a  misery  to  which 
men  are  liable,  whether  resulting  from  accidental  causes  or  from  personal  culpa- 
bility, which  has  not  been  assuaged  or  mitigated  by  benevolent  exertions.  Ex- 
perience indeed  would  go  far  to  prove  that  there  are  everywhere  around  us  two 
mighty  conflicting  elements  at  work,  each  having  no  other  object  than  to  pull 
down  and  destroy  the  other.  Every  vice  has  its  corresponding  virtue,  every  form 
of  evil  its  counteracting  influence  for  good,  every  Mount  Ebal,  its  Gerizim ;  the 
one  being  designed  to  act  as  an  antidote  or  corrective  to  the  other,  and  to  restore 
the  type  of  heaven  which  the  other  has  defaced.  The  highest  glory  of  our  land — a 
glory  far  removed  from  territorial  acquisitions  and  national  aggrandisement,  and 
that  which  makes  it  pre-eminently  the  admiration  and  envy  of  all  other  countries — 
are  its  benevolent  and  charitable  endowments.  There  is  not  another  nation  in  the 
world,  where  eleemosynary  institutions  have  obtained  such  a  permanent  hold  upon 
the  sympathies  of  all  classes  of  society,  nor  where  such  vast  sums  are  realized  by 
voluntary  and  private  contributions. 

"  Palatial  buildings,  hospitals,  reformatories,  asylums,  penitentiaries,  homes 
and  refuges,  there  are,  for  the  sick,  the  maimed,  the  blind,  the  crippled,  the  aged, 
the  infirm,  the  deaf,  the  dumb,  the  hungry,  the  naked,  the  fallen  and  the  destitute ; 
and  it  is  to  the  support  of  such  institutions,  and  the  works  which  they  carry  on, 
that  the  nobles  of  the  land,  and  our  prosperous  merchants  devote  a  large  propor- 
tion of  their  wealth."  No  less  than  530  charitable  societies  exist  in  London  alone, 
and  nearly  £2,000,000  of  money  is  annually  spent  by  them,  while  probably  the 
amount  of  alms  bestowed  altogether  is  not  less  than  £3,500,000.* 

How  far  these  resources,  vast  and  extended  as  they  really  are,  are  capable  of 
satisfying  present  demands,  may  be  best  inferred  from  the  state  of  om*  criminal 
population,  which  is  still  to  be  counted  by  tens  of  thousands,  even  while  our 
prisons,  refuges,  and  reformatories  are  filled  to  overflowing. 

"  In  S2nte,"  says  the  author  just  quoted,  "  of  our  prison  discipline,  our  classi- 
fication system,  our  silent  system,  and  our  separate  system,  all  these  efforts  that  v,^e 
make,  and  perhaps  boast  that  we  make,  to  turn  back  the  law-breaker  to  honest 
paths,  nearly  30,000  criminals  are  each  year  sent  to  prison,  who  only  know  the 
higher  classes  as  objects  of  plunder,  and  the  maintenances  of  law  and  order  as 
things  ;  if  possible  to  be  destroyed,  and  if  not  avoided."  £170,000  are  annually 
expended  in  London  for  the  reformation  of  such  offenders,  and  every  modern 
appliance  that  mercy  or  ingenuity  can  devise  is  brought  to  bear  ujjon  om*  prison 
system,  with  what  results  may  be  clearly  ascertained  by  the  large  and  increasing 
number  of  re-commitments — which  form  a  proportion  of  something  like  30  per 
cent,  on  such  as  have  been  previously  incarcerated  ;  while  these,  be  it  remembered, 
represent  only  the  number  of  those  who  render  themselves  amenable  to  justice 
by  detection  ;  there  being  no  means  of  ascertaining  how  many  continue  their 
avocations  with  impunity. 

Kesults  like  these  are  sufficiently  disheartening  to  the  philanthropist,  and  em- 

*  Any  person  wisliing  for  further  information  respecting  these  Societies,  may  obtain  it  from 
a  work  published  by  Messrs.  Low  and  Son,  entitled  "  London  Charities." 


XVlll 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


barrassing  to  the  statesman,  and  serve  to  show  that  however  necessary  it  may  be 
to  devise  methods  for  criminal  reformation,  it  is  even  more  incnmbcnt  upon  us,  and 
far  more  remunerative  in  the  end,  to  carry  out  the  principles  of  prevention. 

The  various  agencies,  at  work  in  London,  for  the  suj^prcssion  of  vice  and  crime, 
may  be  treated  under  the  following  heads,  which  will  serve  to  indicate  their 
relative  value  and  proportionate  influence ;  and  though,  in  their  popular  sense, 
many  of  the  words  used,  may  appear  to  be  only  convertible  terms,  it  is  intended, 
for  the  sake  of  perspicuity  and  arrangement,  to  assign  to  each  a  distinctive  and 
separate  meaning. 

Thus  the  word  curative  is  used,  not  in  its  loose,  remedial  sense,  as  applying  to 
expedients  calculated  to  produce  a  diminution  of  crime,  but  must  be  understood 
as  tending  to  the  entire  and  absolute  change  of  the  human  will,  and  the  renova- 
tion of  a  corrupt  nature — such  a  thorough  change,  in  fact,  as  is  implied  in  the 
word  cure. 

1.  Curative  (radical). 

2.  Preventive  (obstructive). 

3.  Eepressive  and  punitive  (compulsory). 

4.  Reformative  (remedial). 


Agencies  for  tlie 
suppression  of  vice 
and  crime. 


1.  Curative  Agencies. 

Under  this  head  religion  naturally  occupies  the  foremost  place ;  since,  by  its 
restraining  influence  and  converting  power,  it  presents  the  only  true  antidote,  and 
the  only  safe  barrier  to  the  existence  or  progress  of  crime ;  all  other  specifics, 
however  valuable,  being  liable  to  the  imputation  of  failure,  and  their  influence 
being  either  more  or  less  efficacious,  according  to  the  various  phases  of  moral 
disease  exhibited  by  different  mental  and  physical  constitutions. 

While  applying  political  expedients  for  the  cure  of  such  disorders,  it  must  ever 
be  borne  in  mind,  that  the  origin  of  all  evil  is  to  be  found  in  the  corruption  of  the 
human  heart,  and  in  its  entire  alienation  from  God  ;  and  it  is  only  so  far  as  these 
intrinsic  defects  can  be  remedied,  that  any  permanent  influence  will  be  produced. 
That  power,  therefore,  which  seizes  upon  the  citadel  of  the  heart,  controlling  its 
affections,  regulating  its  principles  of  action,  and  subduing  its  vicious  propensities 
or  illicit  motions,  is  the  only  sovereign  remedy  for  crime.  In  its  natural  state  the 
heart  may  be  compared  to  a  fountain  discharging  only  turbid  and  bitter  waters  ; 
but  while  various  agencies  are  employed  to  sweeten,  disguise,  or  check  this  j^oisoned 
current,  religion  is  the  only  influence  which  purifies  the  fountain  head,  and  dries 
up  the  noxious  springs,  by  placing  a  wholesome  check  upon  the  first  motive  prin- 
ciples of  action — the  thoughts. 

The  truth  of  these  remarks  is  even  more  strikingly  exemplified  in  the  sudden  and 
complete  transformations  of  character,  effected  by  the  all-mighty  influence  of  reli- 
gion. The  moral  demoniac  finds  no  difficulty  in  bursting  the  chains  and  fetters, 
in  which  society  has  attempted  to  bind  him.  He  is  never  changed,  only  cui'bed, 
pacified,  or  restrained  by  such  artificial  modes  of  treatment.  The  wound  may  be 
cauterised,  cicatrised,  or  mollified,  but  the  poison,  if  left  in  the  system,  is  sure  to 
rankle  and  exhibit  itself  afresh.  Religion,  however,  casts  out  the  unclean  spirit, 
restores  human  nature  to  its  right  mind,  and  asserts  the  supremacy  of  reason  over 
that  of  passion  and  caprice. 

Next  in  value  and  importance  to  religion  itself,  are  those  subordinate  instrumen- 
talities calculated  to  exhibit  or  extend  its  influence,  and  which  bear  the  same  relation 
to  it  as  the  means  do  to  the  end.  Such  are  the  various  agencies,  in  that  divinely- 
appointed  machinery  for  the  regeneration  of  mankind,  the  universal  spread  of 
"  truth  and  justice,  religion  and  piety  "  throughout  the  world,  and  for  the  formation 
and  support  of  the  spiritual  Church  of  Christ. 

The  most  powerful  and  efficacious  of  all  levers  for  the  social,  moral,  and  spiritual 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  xix 


elevation  of  mankind  is  the  Wo7^d  of  God.  Into  whatever  quarters  of  the  habitable 
globe  the  sacred  volume  is  diffused,  there  is  a  corresponding  spread  of  civilisa- 
tion, and  a  sensible  improvement  in  the  scale  of  humanity  ;  and  those  countries  are 
most  socially,  morally,  and  politically  debased,  in  which  its  circulation  is 
debarred  or  restricted. 

Here  it  is  only  right  to  mention  those  societies  which  are  directly  concerned  in 
diffusing  the  Scriptm-es. 

The  British  and  Foreign  Bible  Society  is  one  of  the  most  honoured  and  influential 
channels  for  promoting  the  circulation  of  the  Word  of  God,  "  without  note  or  com- 
ment." It  dates  its  origin  from  1804,  and  since  this  period  it  has,  either  directly 
or  indirectly,  been  instrumental  in  translating  the  Scriptures  into  160  different 
languages  or  dialects,  including  190  separate  versions.  Connected  with  this 
Society,  there  are  in  the  United  Kingdom  3728  auxiliary  branches  or  asso- 
ciations. 

The  number  of  issues  from  London  alone,  during  the  last  financial  year,  amount 
to  594,651  copies  of  the  Old  Testament,  and  544,901  copies  of  the  New  Testament, 
The  grants  made  during  the  same  time  amounted  to  £58,551  17s.  Id.  The  total 
receipts  of  the  Society  derived  from  subscriptions,  and  from  the  sale  of  publications, 
amounted  last  year  to  £206,778  12s.  6d. 

Next  to  the  Bible  Society,  the  Society  for  Promoting  Christian  Knowledge  is 
most  directly  concerned  in  the  propagation  of  the  Scriptures.  It  was  founded  in 
1698.  During  the  past  year  157,358  Bibles,  and  78,234  New  Testaments  have 
been  issued,  besides  prayer-books,  tracts,  and  other  publications.  In  addition  to 
the  dissemination  of  religious  works,  its  objects  include  the  extension  of  the  Epis- 
copate in  the  colonies,  by  contributing  to  the  erection  of  new  sees,  and  the  support 
of  colleges  and  educational  institutions.  The  receipts  for  the  past  year  amounted 
to  £31,697  19s.  Id.  besides  £81,516  ^s.  8d.  received  for  the  sale  of  publications. 

In  addition  to  these  larger  instrumentalities  for  the  circulation  of  the  Scriptures, 
it  has  been  reserved  for  modern  zeal  and  piety  to  discover  a  "  missing  link"  in 
the  operations  hitherto  in  use,  and  this  void  has  been  admirably  supplied  by  the 
"Bible  women"  of  the  nineteenth  century.  The  appointment  of  these  female 
colporteurs  has  been  attended  with  the  most  beneficial  and  encouraging  results, 
for  not  only  has  the  sale  of  Bibles  been  facilitated  among  classes  almost  inaccessible 
to  such  influences,  but  opportunities  have  been  afforded  of  permanently  benefiting 
some  of  the  most  wretched  and  morally  debased  of  our  population.  The  intro- 
ductions, gained  by  means  of  this  traffic,  have  been  turned  to  the  best  account,  and 
a  kindly  influence  has  been  established  over  the  families  thus  visited,  which  has 
been  often  attended  with  the  most  favourable  results. 

"  The  lowest  strata  of  society  are  thus  reached  by  an  agency  which  takes  the 
Bible  as  the  starting  point  of  its  labours,  and  makes  it  the  basis  of  all  the  social 
and  religious  improvements  which  are  subsequently  attempted.  Small  in  its 
beginnings,  the  work,  by  its  proved  adaptation  and  results,  has  greatly  enlarged 
its  dimensions,  enlisting  the  sympathy  and  liberality  of  the  Christian  public ;  and 
in  almost  all  the  metropolitan  districts  affording  scope  for  the  agency,  the  Bible 
women  are  to  be  found  prosecuting  their  arduous  labom's,  with  immense  advantage 
to  the  poor.  At  the  present  time  there  are  152  of  these  agents  employed.  During 
the  past  year  the  Bible  women  in  London  disposed  of  many  thousand  copies  of  the 
Scriptures  amongst  classes,  which,  to  a  very  great  extent,  were  beyond  the'reach  of 
the  ordinary  means  used  to  effect  this  work ;  and  this  circulation  was  attained  not 
by  the  easy  method  of  gift,  but  by  sale,  the  very  poorest  of  the  population  being 
willing,  when  brought  under  kind  and  persuasive  influence,  to  pay  for  the  Bible 
or  Testament  by  small  weekly  instalments." 

Another  kindred  agency  of  recent  appointment  is  the  "  Institution  for  reading 
aloud  the  Word  of  God  in  the  open  air^''  in  connection  with  which  are  the  "  Bible 


XX 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Carriages,^'  or  locomotive  depots,  now  employed  for  extending  the  sale  of  the 
Scriptures  in  various  parts  of  London,  and  which  have  succeeded  in  drawing  a 
large  number  of  pm-chasers,  attracted,  no  doubt,  by  the  novelty  and  singularity  of 
the  means  adopted. 

While  enumerating  the  religious  agencies  concerned  in  the  repression  of  crime 
in  London,  allusion  need  only  be  made  incidentally  to  such  as  necessarily  spring 
out  of  an  organized,  ecclesiastical,  or  parochial  machinery  consisting  of  clergy, 
chm'ches,  chapels,  schools,  &c.,  and  to  the  various  societies  and  associations  de- 
signed to  extend  and  give  support  to  this  machinery ;  the  object  of  this  essay 
being  rather  to  draw  public  attention  to  such  auxiliary  and  supplemental  organisa- 
tions, as  are  less  generally  known,  or  are  of  more  recent  origin. 

One  of  the  most  remarkable  movements  of  modern  times  in  connection  with 
preaching,  has  been  the  establishment  of  Theatre  services^  which  owe  their  existence 
to  the  present  Earl  of  Shaftesbury.  So  irregular  and  unconstitutional  a  proceeding 
provoked,  as  might  naturally  have  been  expected,  a  large  amount  of  censure  and 
unfriendly  criticism.  Ecclesiastical  dignities  were  at  first  somewhat  scandalized 
by  such  an  innovation  of  church  discipline,  and  evidently  regarded  the  movement 
as  one  calling  rather  for  reluctant  toleration,  than  as  being  entitled  to  episcopal 
sanction — a  feeling  which  was  probably  largely  shared  by  the  more  sober  and 
orthodox  portion  of  the  community. 

There  appeared  to  be,  at  first  sight,  it  must  be  confessed,  a  singular  incongruity, 
if  not  an  absolute  impropriety,  in  converting  the  stage  of  a  playhouse  into  a  temple 
for  the  provisional  celebration  of  divine  worship,  and  using  an  edifice  habitually 
consecrated  to  amusement,  for  the  alternate  promulgation  of  sacred  verities  and 
pantomimic  representations.  Apart,  however,  from  the  repulsive  features  of  the  pro- 
ceeding arising  from  local  associations,  and  from  the  periodical  juxtaposition  of 
objects  the  most  hostile  and  dissimilar,  there  appeared  to  be  no  gi'aver  objection 
to  the  arrangement.  The  end  was  here,  at  least,  supposed  not  only  to  justify,  but 
even  to  sanctify  the  means,  and  the  defence  of  this  mal-appropriation  was  not  un- 
fairly said  to  consist  in  the  inadequacy  of  church  accommodation,  and  in  the  cheap 
facilities  thus  afforded,  for  bringing  under  the  occasional  ministry  of  the  word  of 
life,  classes,  who  from  long  habits  of  neglect,  prejudice,  and  an  utter  disrelish  of 
religious  ordinances,  had  become  isolated  from  the  ordinary  channels  of  instruc- 
tion and  improvement.  The  movement  having  now  had  a  fair  trial,  and  the  results 
being  found  to  answer  the  expectations  of  the  originators,  it  may  be  regarded  as 
no  longer  a  hazardous  experiment,  but  as  a  part  of  the  recognised  machinery  em- 
ployed for  the  evangelisation  of  the  masses. 

These  special  services  for  the  working  clasess  are  now  regularly  conducted  in  the 
various  theatres  and  buildings  temporarily  approj^riated  to  divine  worship.  The 
attendance  has  been  uniformly  good,  and  that  of  a  class  who  habitually  absent 
themselves  from  religious  ordinances,  and  could  not  therefore  be  reached  by  any 
of  the  usual  instrumentalities.  Considering  the  unpromising  materials  of  which 
these  singular  congregations  are  composed,  and  the  unfavoui-able  antecedents  of 
most  of  the  audience,  it  is  something  to  be  able  to  state  that  on  such  occasions 
they  arc,  for  the  most  part,  orderly  and  well  conducted,  while  the  continued  good 
attendance  at  these  services  marks  the  appreciation  in  which  they  are  held. 
During  the  Sabbath,  then,  at  least,  a  wonderful  outward  transformation  is  effected 
in  the  pursuits  and  general  demeanor  of  the  frequenters,  who  meet  together,  week 
after  week,  to  hear  the  Gospel  message  expounded  in  the  very  edifice,  which  during 
the  i)revious  six  days  has  resounded  with  their  oaths,  ribaldries,  and  licentious  lan- 
guage. Is  there  not  room  for  at  least  a  charitable  hope,  that  when  the  heralds  of 
salvation  carry  their  jiroclamations  into  the  very  heart  of  the  enemy's  territory, 
and  aggressively  plant  the  banner  of  the  cross,  where  only  the  cloven  foot  is  wont 
to  be  seen,  some  victories  will  be  achieved  over  the  world,  the  flesh,  and  the  devil, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR.  xxi 


and  that  some  who  usually  meet  to  scoff  and  jeer,  will  return  home  savingly  im- 
pressed with  what  they  have  heard  ? 

In  strict  conformity  with  the  objects  contemplated  by  this  arrangement,  and 
arising  out  of  the  same  temporary  necessity,  is  The  Open-Air  Mission,  which  was 
established  in  1853  "for  the  purpose  of  stirring  up  the  Church  of  Christ,  espe- 
cially the  lay  elements,  to  go  out  into  the  streets  and  lanes  of  the  city,  the  towns 
and  villages  of  the  provinces,  the  great  gatherings  that  periodically  occur  at  races, 
fairs,  executions,  &c.;  to  go  into  lodging-houses,  workhouses,  and  hospitals,  and 
in  fact  wherever  persons  are  to  be  met  with  and  spoken  to  about  sin  and  salvation." 
Since  the  formation  of  the  Society,  open-air  preaching  has  become  as  it  were  a 
standing  institution,  and  is  recognized  as  an  indispensable  agency  in  working 
densely-populated  districts.  Ministers  and  laymen  are  to  be  found  on  every  hand 
using  this  divinely-appointed  and  apostolic  agency  to  "  bring  in  the  poor,  the 
maimed,  the  halt,  and  the  blind,"  and  God  has  eminently  blessed  their  labours. 

From  May  1st,  1860,  to  March  31st,  1861,  the  London  City  Missionaries  conducted 
4,489  outdoor  meetings,  at  which  the  average  attendance  was  103,  and  the  gross 
attendance  465,070.  Numerous  associations  have  been  formed  in  connection  with 
this  Society  for  Open- Air  Preaching,  in  various  parts  of  London,  and  during  the 
summer,  eighteen  stations  are  occupied  for  this  purpose  by  the  students  at  the 
Church  Missionary  College,  under  the  direction  of  the  Islington  Church  Home 
Mission.  A  course  of  Sunday  afternoon  services  is  also  regularly  held  by  the  ap- 
pointment of  the  rector  in  C  event  Garden  Market,  which  are  generally  well 
attended  and  appear  admirably  calculated  to  benefit  the  classes  whose  welfare  is 
designed.  The  Bishop  of  London  and  other  dignities  of  the  Church  have  been 
the  preachers  on  such  occasions,  and  have  thus  lent  their  countenance  to  the  pro- 
ceeding. 

In  reference  to  all  such  agencies  as  open-air  services,  prayer  meetings,  tract  dis- 
tributions, Bible  readings,  &c.,  it  may  be  safely  asserted,  that  never  in  the  entire 
history  of  the  Church  was  there  a  period,  when  such  extraordinary  efforts  have 
been  made  to  evangelise  the  poor  and  the  criminal  population  of  London ;  or 
when  a  similar  activity  has  been  displayed  in  ministering  to  the  social  and  spiri- 
tual wants  of  the  community. 

One  of  the  oldest  and  most  privileged  institutions  within  the  metropolis,  for 
bringing  the  influences  of  religion  to  bear  upon  the  dense  masses  of  our  popula- 
tion is  the  London  City  Mission.  It  was  founded  in  1835,  and  its  growth  has 
steadily  progressed  up  to  the  present  date.  The  object  of  the  mission  is  to  "  extend 
the  knowledge  of  the  Gospel,  among  the  inhabitants  of  London  and  its  vicinity 
(especially  the  poor),  without  any  reference  to  denominational  distinctions,  or  the 
peculiarities  of  Church  government.  To  effect  this  object,  missionaries  of  approved 
character  and  qualifications  are  employed,  whose  duty  it  is  to  visit  from  house  to 
house  in  the  respective  districts  assigned  to  them,  to  read  the  Scriptures,  engage  in 
religious  conversation,  and  urge  those  who  are  living  in  the  neglect  of  religion  to 
observe  the  Sabbath  and  attend  public  worship.  They  are  also  required  to  see 
that  all  persons  possess  the  Scriptures,  to  distribute  approved  religious  tracts,  and 
to  aid  in  obtaining  Scriptural  education  for  the  children  of  the  poor.  By  the 
approval  of  the  committee  they  also  hold  meetings  for  reading  and  expounding  the 
Scriptm-es  and  prayer,  and  adopt  such  other  means  as  are  deemed  necessary  for 
the  accomplishment  of  the  mission." 

The  London  City  Mission  maintains  a  staff  of  389  missionaries,  who  are  em- 
ployed in  the  various  London  and  suburban  districts  ;  and  thus  the  entire  city  is 
more  or  less  compassed  by  this  effective  machinery,  and  brought  under  the 
saving  influences  of  the  Gospel.  The  very  silent  and  unobtrusive  character  of 
the  work  thus  effected,  precludes  anything  like  an  accurate  estimate  of  results,  or 
a  showy  parade  of  success. 


XXll 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOIi. 


It  works  secretly,  quietly,  and  savingly,  in '  districts  too  vast  to  admit  of 
pastoral  supervision,  and  in  ncigliboiu'lioods  too  outwardly  unattractive  and  un- 
propitious,  to  win  the  attention  of  any  who  are  not  animated  with  a  devoted  love 
of  souls.  The  influence  which  is  thus  exerted  in  a  social  and  religious  point  of 
view  is  inestimable,  and  the  benefits  conferred  by  this  mission,  are  of  an  order 
that  woidd  be  best  understood  and  appreciated  by  the  community,  if  they  were  for 
a  time  to  bo  suddenly  withdrawn. 

In  addition  to  the  regular  visitation  of  the  poor,  the  missionaries  are  employed 
in  conducting  religious  services  in  some  of  the  "  worst  spots  that  can  be  found  in 
the  metropolis,  and  the  audiences  have  been,  in  such  cases,  ordinarily  the  most 
vicious  and  debased  classes  of  the  population." 

Six  missionaries  are  appointed,  whose  exclusive  duty  it  is  to  visit  the  various 
public-houses  and  coffee-shops  in  London,  and  to  converse  with  the  habitues  on 
subjects  of  vital  importance.  There  are  also  three  missionaries  to  the  London 
cabmen,  a  class  greatly  needing  their  religious  offices,  and  by  their  occupation 
almost  excluded  from  any  social  or  elevating  influences. 

The  following  summary  of  missionary  w^ork,  and  its  results  for  1861,  is  suffi- 
ciently encom-aging,  as  pointing  in  some  instances,  at  least,  to  a  sensible  diminu- 
tion of  crime,  and  as  being  suggestive  of  a  vast  amount  of  good  effected  by  this 
pervasive  evangelistic  machinery. 

Number  of  Missionaries  employed  ..              ..              ••             381 

Visits  paid..              ..              ..              ..  ..              ..           1,815,332 

Of  which  to  the  sick  and  dying    ..  ..             ..             ..      237,599 

Scriptures  distributed              ..              ..  ..              ..               11,458 

Rehgious  Tracts  given  away          ..  ..              ..              ..  2,721,73 

Books  lent                 ..              ..              ..  ..             ..               54,00 

In-door  Meetings  and  Bible  Classes  held  ..             ..             ..        41,777 

Gross  attendance  at  ditto        ..               .  ..              ..          1,467,006 

Out-door  Services  held     . .              . .  . .              . .              . .         4,489 

Gross  attendance  at  ditto         . .              . .  . .              . .            465,070 

Readings  of  Scripture  in  visitation  ..              ..              ..     584,166 

Communicants            ..              ..              ..  ..              ..                 l,5o5 

Familiesjnduccd  to  commence  family  prayer  ..              ••            681 

Drunkards  reclaimed                 ..              ..  ..              ..                 1,230 

Unmarried  couples  induced  to  marry  ..              ..              ..            361 

Fallen  females  rescued  or  reclaimed       . .  . .              . .                   681 

Shops  closed  on  the  Sabbath           ..'  ..              ..              ••           212 

Children  sent  to  school            ..              ..  ..              ••              10,158 

Adults  who  died  having  been  visited  by  the  IMissionary  only  1,796 

The  income  of  the  London  City  Mission,  during  the  past  year,  amounted  to 
35,018/.  G.s.  lOd.;  5,7G3Z.  15s.  7d.  having  been  contributed  by  country 
associations. 

Next  to  the  London  City  Mission,  the  Church  of  England  Scripture  Bcaders' 
Society  is  one  of  the  most  extensive  and  important  channels  for  disseminating  a 
religious  influence  among  the  masses  by  means  of  a  parochial  lay  agency. 

It  is  the  special  duty  of  the  Scripture  readers  to  visit  from  house  to  house  ;  to 
read  the  Scriptures  to  all  with  whom  they  come  in  contact ;  to  grapple  with  vice 
and  crime  ivhere  they  abound ;  and  to  shrink  from  no  cftbrt  to  arrest  their  career. 

"  To  overtake  and  overlook  the  growing  multitudes  which  crowd  our  large  and 
densely-peopled  parishes,"  was  a  work  universally  admitted  to  be  beyond  the 
nresent  limits  of  clerical  effort ;  and  this  desideratum  has  been  supplied,  at  least 
to  some  extent,  by  the  appointment  of  a  lay  agency,  acting  under  the  direction 
and  control  of  the  parochial  clergy.  By  this  means  "  cases  are  brought  to  light 
and  doors  opened  to  the  pastoral  visit,  which  were  either  closed  against  it  or  not 
discovered  before ;  and  an  amount  of  information  concerning  the  religious  con- 
dition of  the  parish  is  obtained,  such  as  the  minister,  single-handed,  or  with  the  aid 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


XXIU 


^f  a  'curate,  never  liad  before."  The  following  results,  wliicli  arc  reported  as 
liaving  attended  tlie  labours  of  a  single  Scripture  reader,  during  a  period  of  four- 
teen years,  will  serve  as  an  illustration  of  the  nature  of  those  services  rendered  by 
this  instrumentality : — 


Visits  paid  to  the  poor  . .  . .  «• 

Inftints  and  adults  baptized  on  his  recommendation 
Children  and  adults  persuaded  to  attend  school   . . 
Persons  led  to  attend  cliurch  for  the  first  time^ 
Persons  confirmed  during  visitation 
Communicants  obtained  by  ditto 
Persons  living  in  sin  induced  to  marry   . . 


23,986 

3,510 

2,111 

307 

429 

269 

48 


One  hundred  and  twenty-five  grants  are  now  made  ^by  the  Society  for  the 
maintenance  of  Scripture  readers  in  eighty-seven  parishes  and  districts  in  the 
metropolis,  embracing  a  population  of  upwards  of  a  million. 

The  Society's  income  for  the  past  year  amounted  to  9,850Z  2s.  10c?. 

Second  only  in  importance  to  personal  evangelistic  effort  is  the  influence  of  a 
Beligious  Press.  Public  opinion  being  often  fluctuating,  and  its  general  estimates 
of  morality  being,  to  a  considerable  extent,  formed  by  the  current  literature  of  the 
age,  it  is  essential  that  this  mighty  and  controlling  power  should  be  exerted  on 
the  side  of  religion  and  virtue. 

Works  of  a  high  moral  tone,  inculcating  correct  principles  and  instilling  lessons 
of  practical  piety,  conduce,  therefore,  in  the  highest  degree,  to  a  wholesome  state 
of  society,  and  to  the  preservation  of  public  morals. 

The  two  great  emporiums  of  religious  literatiu-e,  most  directly  concerned  in 
producing  these  results,  are  the  Beligious  Tract  Society  and  the  Society  for  tlie  Pro- 
motion of  Christian  Knowledge.  The  latter  has  already  been  referred  to,  as  one  of 
the  main  channels  for  the  diffusion  of  the  Scriptures. 

None  of  the  works  issued  by  the  Beligious  Tract  Society  can  compete  in  point  of 
interest  or  usefulness  with  those  -widely-circulated  and  deservedly-popular  serials 
the  Leisure  Hour,  the  Sunday  at  Home,  and  the  Cottager,  a  periodical  lately  pub- 
lished,"^and  admirably  adapted  for  the  homes  of  the  working  classes. 

The  publications  issued  by  the  Society  during  the  past  year  amounted  to 
41,883,921 ;  half  of  which  number  were  English  tracts  and  handbills ;  537,729 
were  foreign  tracts ;  and  13,194,155  fall  under  the  head  of  periodicals. 

The  entire  number  of  both  English  and  foreign  publications  issued  by  the 
Society,  since  its  foundation  in  1799,  amount  to  912,000,000. 

Grants  of  books  and  tracts  are  annually  made  by  the  Society  for  schools  and 
village  libraries,  prisons,  workhouses,  and  hospitals,  for  the  use  of  soldiers,  sailors, 
emigrants,  and  for  circulation  at  fairs  and  races,  by  city  missionaries  and  col- 
porteurs. 

The  total  number  of  such  grants  during  the  past  year  amounted  to  5,762,241 ; 
and  v^ere  of  the  value  of  £6,116  14s.  Ad. 

The  entire  receipts  of  the  Society  from  all  sources  for  the  j^ast  year  amounted 
to  £103,127  16s.  Ud. ;  the  benevolent  contributions  being  £9,642  9s.  2d. 

Other  channels  for  the  supply  and  extension  of  religious  literature  are  the 
Weekly  Tract  Society,  the  English  Monthly  Tract  Society,  and  the  Booh  Society, 
which  latter  aims  especially  at  promoting  religious  knowledge  among  the  poor. 

As  a  supplemental  agency  for  the  collection  and  dissemination  of  a  wholesome 
literature,  the  Pure  Literature  Society,  established  1854,  is  deserving  of  especial 
commendatory  notice. 

^  The  following  is  a  list  of  the  periodicals  recommended  by  the  Society ;  and  the 
circulation  of  which  it  seeks  to  facilitate  : — 

For  Adults : — Leisure  Hour,  British  Workman,  Good  Words,  Old  Jonathan, 
Youth's  Magazine,  Appeal,  Bible-Class  Magazine,  Christian  Treasmy,  Church- 


xxiv  LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


man's  Penny  Magazine,  Evening  Hour,  Family  Treasury,  Family  Paper,  Friendly 
Visitor,  Mother's  Friend,  Servant's  Magazine,  Sunday  at  Home,  The  Cottager, 
Tract  Magazine. 

For  Children  : — Young  England,  Band  of  Hope  Eeview,  Child's  Own  Magazine, 
Child's  Companion,  Child's  Paper,  Children's  Friend,  Children's  Paper,  Our 
Children's  Magazine,  Sabbath  School  Messenger,  Sunday  Scholar's  Companion. 

Upwards  of  140,000  periodicals  are  sent  out  annually  by  the  Society  in  monthly 
parcels. 

The  Society's  income  during  the  past  year  amounted  to  £2,783  12s.  2c?. 

2.  Preventive  Agencies. 

Under  this  division  are  not  included  those  measures  which  have  for  their  object 
the  forcible  suppression  of  crime,  which  will  be  considered  under  a  separate  head, 
nor  yet  such  as  are  calculated  to  extinguish  those  criminal  propensities,  which  are 
ever  lying  dormant  in  the  human  heart,  for  these,  as  has  been  already  shown,  can 
only  be  effectually  subdued,  or  eradicated  by  the  influences  of  religion.  By  pre- 
ventive agencies  are  rather  to  be  understood,  those  instrumentalities  best  adapted 
to  effect  the  removal  of  peculiar  forms  of  temptation,  or  to  abridge  the  power  of 
special  producing  causes  of  vice ;  whatever  means,  in  fact,  are  efiicacious  in  re- 
moving hindrances  to  the  development  of  virtue,  and  in  fostering  principles  of 
morality.  Human  nature,  owing  to  the  force  of  adverse  circumstances,  being  often 
placed  at  a  disadvantage,  it  is  the  peculiar  province  of  preventive  agencies  to  give 
it  a  fair  chance  of  escape,  by  extricating  it  from  its  perilous  position,  and  surround- 
ing it  with  virtuous  influences  and  humanizing  appliances.  Under  this  head, 
moreover,  are  included  all  such  measures  as  conduce  to  the  social  and  moral  im- 
provement of  the  community,  either  by  presenting  an  indirect  barrier  to  the 
progress  of  crime,  or  by  the  employment  of  counteracting  agencies. 

In  this  connexion  the  Temperance  Associations  are  deserving  of  especial  pro- 
minence. Drunkenness  being  the  most  fruitful  source  of  all  crime,  and  the  primary 
cause  of  want  and  wretchedness,  it  follows  that  whatever  instrumentalities  are 
capable  of  arresting  its  progress,  or  curtailing  its  influence,  are  in  every  way 
worthy  the  consideration  of  the  philanthropist  and  the  statesman.  The  utility  of 
temperance  societies  has  often  been  called, in  question;  but  it  must  be  admitted, 
that  as  an  instrumental  agency  for  the  suppression  of  drunkenness,  and  conse- 
quently for  the  diminution  of  crime,  the  influence  of  such  associations  is  imlimited. 
Whether  or  not  the  entire-abstinence  system  is  based  on  philosophical  argimients, 
or  is  deducible  from  Scripture  teaching,  is  little  to  the  point,  provided  the  fruits 
it  has  yielded  are  unquestionably  salutary  in  their  effects  upon  society,  and  con- 
ducive to  the  present  and  eternal  happiness  of  millions  of  individuals,  who,  but 
for  this  timely  interference  would  have  continued  in  their  mad  career  of  dissipation, 
without  the  power  to  break  off  the  thraldom,  or  to  dispel  the  infatuation  in  which 
they  were  held. 

The  National  Temperance  Society,  formed  in  1842,  is  now  in  active  operation, 
and  seeks  by  means  of  meetings,  lectures,  and  publications,  to  disseminate  its 
principles,  and  to  draw  attention  to  the  objects  it  is  endeavom'ing  to  promote. 

The  United  Kingdom  Alliance,  for  the  legislative  suppression  of  the  liquor  traffic, 
is  a  step  in  advance  of  the  ordinary  temperance  movement,  and  aims  at  nothing 
short  of  the  entire  extinction  of  a  commerce  in  intoxicating  drinks.  This  body 
has  already  secured  a  large  number  of  influential  adherents,  and  appears  to  be 
rapidly  gaining  ground.  A  monster  meeting  has  lately  been  held  in  Man- 
chester in  furtherance  of  the  Society's  proximate  aims,  which  are  to  introduce  a 
permissive  Bill  into  Parliament,  to  delegate  to  local  authorities  the  power  to  pro- 
hibit such  traffic  within  their  respective  neighbom^hoods. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TLIE  LONDON  POOH.  xxv 


The  passing  of  this  Act  will  in  effect  resolve  the  question  of  abolition  or  tolera- 
tion into  one  of  public  opinion ;  and  districts,  if  so  inclined,  will  possess  the 
power  of  deciding  whether  or  no  the  sale  of  intoxicating  drinks  shall  be  carried  on 
within  their  own  parochial  boundaries. 

As  a  counteracting  agency  to  the  beer-shop  and  the  gin-palace,  TJie  Metropolitan 
Free  Drinking  Fountain  Association,  formed  two  years  ago,  is  deserving  of  special 
notice.  It  has  for  its  objects  the  erection  and  maintenance  of  drinking  fountains 
in  the  various  crowded  thoroughfares  of  the  metropolis,  thus  humanely  fui'nishing 
the  means  of  alleviating  that  feverish  thirst,  which  during  the  hot  season  impels 
so  many  to  an  excessive  use  of  intoxicating  drinks. 

The  Bagged  Schools  hold  a  prominent  place  among  the  indirectly  preventive 
ao-encies  for  the  suppression  of  crime  in  the  metropolis ;  for  since  ignorance  is 
generally  the  parent  of  vice,  any  means  of  secm-ing  the  benefits  of  education  to 
those  who  are  hopelessly  deprived  of  it,  must  operate  in  favour  of  the  well-being 
of  society. 

The  Bagged  School  Union  has  been  formed  with  a  view  to  develope  and  give  con- 
sistency to  "this  movement,  which  it  does  by  collecting  and  diffusing  information 
respecting  schools  now  in  existence,  and  by  pecuniary  grants  towards  their  founda- 
tion and  support. 

The  number  of  buildings  now  in  existence  in  London,  appropriated  to  these 
educational  pm-poses,  is  176.  The  day-schools  are  151  in  number,  and  are  attended 
by  17,230  scholars.  The  evening-schools  number  215,  and  the  scholars  9,840 ; 
Sunday-schools  207,  and  scholars  25,260.  The  number  of  scholars  placed  in 
situations  last  year  amounted  to  1,800. 

Penny  Banks,  Clothing  Clubs,  Eeading  Eooms,  Mother's  Meetings,  and  Shoe- 
Black  Brigades  have  been  established  in  connexion  with  this  movement,  and  con- 
tribute their  influence  to  the  general  well-being  of  those  attending  the  schools,  as 
well  as  to  that  of  society  at  large. 

In  connexion  with  the  Union  are  16  refuges  for  the  homeless  and  destitute, 
accommodating  700  inmates. 

The  receipts  of  the  Union  amounted  last  year  to  £5,739  7s.  8d. ;  and  probably 
no  money  was  ever  laid  out  at  better  interest,  than  that  contributed  by  the  benevolent 
public  towards  the  rescue  and  moral  training  of  these  embryo  criminals.  Difficult  as 
the  principle  of  Government  intervention  no  doubt  is,  that  would  be  a  wise,  politic, 
humane,  and  economical  com^se^which  should  sever  this  Gordian  knot,  by  consti- 
tuting the  State  the  lawful  guardian  of  such  as  are  deprived  of  all  that  is  under- 
stood by  the  terms  home  influence,  and  moral  training. 

Another  agency  contributing  largely  to  the  prevention  of  crime  is  the  Society  for 
Improving  the  Condition  of  the  Labouring  Classes,  not  so  much,  however,  in  the  trans- 
formations and  improvement  of  buildings  effected  under  its  own  immediate  control, 
which  are  rather  designed  to  serve  as  models  to  those  desirous  of  carrying  out 
these  principles  of  reform,  as  by  drawing  public  attention  to  one  of  the  most  inte- 
resting and  painful  subjects  that  can  occupy  the  mind  of  the  philanthi'opist,  viz., 
the  inadequate  provision  of  decent,  and  proper  house  accommodation  for  the  in- 
dustrial classes,  which  is  now  universally  admitted  to  be  productive  of  the  worst 
social  disorders. 

The  important  provisions  of  the  Common  Lodging-Houses  Act,  passed  in  1851, 
under  the  auspices  of  Lord  Shaftesbury,  and  the  system  of  registration  thus 
enforced,  have  also  been  attended  with  great  benefits,  and  have  conduced  not  a 
little  to  the  promotion  of  social  and  sanatory  reform,  by  bringing  legal  enactments 
to  bear  upon  the  disorders,  indecencies,  and  impurities  of  low  and  crowded 
lodging-houses. 

There  is  no  class  of  preventive  agencies  in  the  metropolis,  which  on  every 
principle  of  justice  and  humanity  have  stronger  claims  on  the  sympathy  of  the 


XXVI 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOR. 


benevolent  than  sucli  as  interpose  their  friendly  shelter  and  kind  offices,  to  rescue 
those  who  are  suddenly  reduced  to  positions  of  great  extremity  and  temptation. 
It  is  doubtless  an  act  of  mercy  to  rescue  a  drowning  man,  and  such  charitable 
deeds  are  performed  by  those  v/lio  labour  for  the  reformation  of  the  criminal ; 
but  it  is  a  higher  act  of  charity,  and  a  ^^dser  and  more  Christian  coiu-se  to  prevent 
his  falling  into  the  stream ;  experience,  however,  proves  that  it  is  easier  to  enlist 
sympathy  on  beliaK  of  one  who  is  already  being  swept  away  by  the  current  of 
crime,  than  to  rescue  one  who  is  bordering  on  destruction,  and  perhaps  bravely 
battling  with  temptation.  This  is  perhaps  only  natural ;  our  perception  of  danger 
in  the  one  case  is  far  greater  than  in  the  other,  and  our  commiseration  is  awakened 
at  sight  of  the  death  agony  of  the  drowning  wretch,  but  is  hardly  stirred  on 
behalf  of  him  who  walks  on  the  slippery  brink.* 

It  is  unhappily  a  fact  too  well  authenticated  to  need  further  demonstration,  that 
owing  perhaps  to  sudden  reverses  of  fortune,  to  the  removal  of  natural  protectors, 
or  to  the  force  of  some  overwhelming  temptation,  many  j^ersons  arc  unwillingly,  and 
almost  imavoidabty,  pressed  into  the  ranks  of  crime,  who  but  for  the  extremity  in 
which  they  vrere  placed,  would  have  continued  to  walk  erect  in  the  path  of  honour 
and  virtue.  Let  none  then  who  move  in  the  calm  sunlight  of  prosperity,  presume 
to  judge  those  who  stumble  in  the  dark  night  of  trial. 

"  The  path  of  a  man,  even  of  a  man  on  the  highway  to  heaven,  is  never  one  of 
perfect  safet}^  There  are  many  dangerous  passes  in  the  journey  of  life.  The 
very  next  turn,  for  anything  we  know,  may  bring  us  on  one.  Turn  that  projecting 
point,  which  hides  the  j^ath  before  you,  and  you  are  suddenly  in  circumstances 
vdiich  demand  that  reason  be  strong,  and  conscience  be  tender,  and  hope  bo 
bright,  and  faith  be  vigorous." 

Happily  there  arc  persons  whose  qualities  of  head  and  heart  have  enabled 
them  by  precautionary  measures  to  provide  against  the  weakness  of  human  nature, 
and  to  offer  assistance  to  those  who  are  placed  in  such  critical  positions. 

There  is  no  class  more  essential  to  the  well-being  and  comfort  of  society,  and  none, 
it  is  to  be  feared,  more  exposed  to  dangers  and  temptations,  than  domestic  servants. 
It  is  calculated  that  in  London  alone  there  are  upwards  of  one  hundred  thousn.nd 
females  engaged  in  domestic  service,  and  that  ten  thousand  of  these  are  continually 
in  a  transition  state,  and  therefore  out  of  employment.  When  it  is  borne  in  mind 
that  vast  numbers  of  these  young  women  have  migrated,  at  an  early  ago,  from 
various  parts  of  the  country  in  search  of  a  livelihood,  that  many  of  them  are 
orphans  and  friendless,  or  at  least  wholly  destitute  of  friends  and  resources  in 
London,  that  they  are  moreover  inexperienced,  unsuspecting,  and  ignorant  of  the 
snares  and  temptations  that  surround  them,  it  cannot  be  a  matter  of  surprise  that 
the  reports  of  all  the  London  penitentiaries  should  bear  mtness  to  the  fact,  that 
a  large  majority  of  the  fallen  v/omen  who  are  received  into  these  institutions  came 
originally  from  the  ranks  of  domestic  service.  It  would  be  superfluous  to  attempt 
to  prove  the  value  of  associations  formed  to  counteract  these  evils,  by  offering 
advice,  shelter,  and  protection  to  servants  who  are  out  of  situations  or  seeking 
emi)loyment.  One  of  the  oldest  and  best  organizations  of  this  kind  is  the  Female 
Servants'  Home  Society^f  which  has  now  l)een  in  active  oj^eration  four-and-twenty 
years.     Its  objects  are  to  provide  a  safe  Itome  for  respectable  female  servants  when 

*  The  following  circumstance  may  be  regarded  as  an  illustration  of  this  assertion  : — 
A  girl  is  reported  to  have  ap])lie;l  for  admission  into  one  of  the  older  Institutions  in  London 
for  the  rescue  of  Die  fallen.  On  examination,  liowevcr,  it  \\;\s  ascertained  that  she  had  not 
fallen  low  enowjli  to  merit  the  assistance  slie  craved,  and  she  was  accordingly  rejected  because 
lier  moral  character  was  not  sufficiently  depraved.  Here,  at  least,  the  greater  the  sinner,  the 
greater  the  compassion ! 

t  The  Homes  are  situated  in  Nutfoi-d  Place,  Edgwar(>,  Road ;  Htitton  Garden,  Holborn  ;  Black- 
friars  Road  ;  and  Woodland  Terrace,  Greenwich.  The  Society  is  very  inadequately  supported, 
and  is  greatly  in  need  of  f imds  to  maintain  its  efficiency. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR:  xxvii 


out  of  place,  or  for  those  seeking  situations.  The  Homos,  four  in  number,  are 
under  the  control  of  experienced  and  pious  matrons,  who  establish  a  kind  and 
motherly  influence  over  the  inmates,  and  are  indefatigable  in  endeavom-ing  to 
promote  their  welfare.  The  Homes  are  regularly  visited  by  Christian  ladies,  and 
a  service  is  conducted  every  week  by  the  chaplain.  A  registry,  free  to  the  servants, 
is  attached  to  each  Home,  where  for  a  trifling  fee  of  half-a-crov/n,  or  by  an  annual 
subscription  of  one  guinea,  every  facility  is  afforded  to  employers  of  procuring 
efficient  and  trustworthy  servants. 

Since  the  formation  of  the  Society,  upwards  of  7,000  servants  have  been 
received  into  the  Homes,  and  37,000  have  availed  themselves  of  the  registry  pro- 
vided, while  in  numberless  instances  young  and  friendless  girls  have  been  rescued 
from  positions  of  extreme  and  imminent  danger. 

A  kindred  institution  to  the  above  is  The  Female  Aid  Society,  established  in 
1836.     Its  objects,  which  are  threefold,  are  thus  defined  : — • 

1st.  "  It  provides  a  home  for  female  servants,  where  they  may  reside  with  com- 
fort, respectability,  and  economy,  v/hile  seeking  for  situations ;"  and  in  connexion 
v/ith  whicli  is  a  register  for  the  convenience  of  servants  and  employers. 

2nd.  "  It  receives  into  a  home,  for  purposes  of  protection  and  instruction, 
young  girls  to  be  trained  for  service  and  other  employments,  who,  from  circum- 
stances of  poverty,  orphanage,  or  sinful  conduct  in  those  who  should  preserve 
tliem  from  evil,  are  exposed  to  great  temptations,  and  are  in  want  of  a  home  where 
there  is  proper  guardianship  and  example." 

3rd.  "A  home  and  rescue  is  offered  to  women  who,  weary  of  sin,  are  desirous 
of  leaving  a  life  of  awful  depravity  and  misery ;"  and  no  depth  of  past  degradation, 
provided  there  is  any  sign  of  amendment,  presents  a  barrier  to  their  reception, 
shelter  being  freely  offered  to  the  very  outcast  among  the  outcasts,  to  inmates  cf 
refractory  wards,  of  workhouses,  and  to  women  freshly  discharged  from  prison. 
Since  the  formation  of  the  Society  4,116  servants  have  been  admitted  into  the 
Home,  and  7,622  placed  in  service ;  2,008  young  women  have  enjoyed  the  protec- 
tion of  the  Friendless'  Home,  and  2,205  have  been  received  as  penitents.  Want 
of  funds,  however,  has  obliged  the  Society  to  curtail  its  operations. 

The  Girls'  Laundry  and  Training  Institution  for  Young  Servants  is  an  industrial 
homo,  affording  shelter,  protection,  and  instruction  in  household  duties  to  forty 
young  girls,  who  are  thus  carefully  trained  and  prepared  for  domestic  service. 

Other  institutions  for  the  accommodation,  temporary  relief,  and  permanent 
benefit  of  servants  are.  The  National  Guardian  Institution,  The  Marylebone  Philan- 
throvic  Servants'  InstitidiGn  and  Pension  Society,  The  Provisional  Protection  Society, 
The  General  Domestic  Servants'  Benevolent  Institution,  and  The  Servants'  Provident 
and  Benevolent  Society. 

Among  the  London  preventive  agencies  must  bo  classed  the  various  homes, 
refuges,  and  asylums  for  the  relief  of  the  utterly  destitute  and  friendless  of  good 
character,  and  which  severally  offer  food,  shelter,  and  protection  to  those  needing 
their  assistance. 

TJie  Field  Lane  Night  Befuges  provide  accommodation  nightly  for  200  men  and 
women  ;  and  by  this  instrumentality  many  are  rescued  from  death  and  crime,  and 
are  enabled  to  regain  their  positions  in  life,  or  to  maintain  themselves  in  respect- 
ability. During  the  past  year  31,747  lodgings  were  afforded  to  persons  of  both 
sexes.  Many  of  those  thus  assisted  were  poor  needlewomen,  who,  during  an 
inclement  winter,  had  been,  together  with  their  families,  turned  into  the  street, 
having  been  stript  of  everything  for  rent. 

^  TJie  Dudley  Stuart  Night  Befuge,  founded  by  Lord  Dudley  Stuart  in  1862,  pro- 
vides for  the  reception  of  the  utterly  destitute  during  the  winter  m.onths.  Accom- 
modation is  offered  to  95  persons  in  two  vv-arm,  spacious,  and  weil-ventilated 
apartments.     The  relief  afforded  consists  of  a  night's  lodging,  bread  night  and 


xxviii  LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOJi. 


morniug,  and  medical  attendance,  if  required.  This  charity  has,  since  its  founda- 
tion, alleviated  a  vast  amount  of  suffering.  It  admits  those  against  whom  every 
other  door  is  closed,  and  requires  no  recommendation  beyond  the  utter  destitution 
of  the  applicants.  UiDwards  of  8,000  men,  women,  and  children  were  admitted 
and  relieved  during  last  winter. 

The  Houseless  Poor  Asylum  is  the  oldest  night-refuge  in  London,  and  was 
opened  to  "  afford  nightly  shelter  and  sustenance  to  the  absolutely  destitute  work- 
ing classes,  who  are  suddenly  thrown  out  of  employment  during  the  inclement 
winter  months."  Accommodation  is  provided  for  700 ;  and  since  the  opening  of 
the  Asylum  1,449,047  nights'  lodgings  and  3,515,951  rations  of  bread  have  been 
supplied. 

The  House  of  Charity  provides  for  the  reception  of  distressed  persons  of  good 
character,  who,  from  various  accidental  causes,  require  a  temporary  home,  protec- 
tion, and  food.  Nearly  3000  persons  of  both  sexes  have  been  thus  accommodated 
for  an  average  period  of  a  month  or  five  weeks. 

The  Foundling  Hospital,  first  opened  in  1741,  for  the  reception  of  illegitimate 
children,  has  undergone  considerable  changes  and  improvements,  and  nov/  shelters, 
maintains,  and  educates  460  children,  who,  at  the  age  of  fifteen,  are  apprenticed  or 
otherwise  provided  for,  and  are  thus  humanely  rescued  from  the  early  and  con- 
taminating influence  of  vicious  associations.  No  child  is  eligible  for  this  charity 
unless  there  is  satisfactory  proof  of  the  mother's  previous  good  character  and 
present  necessity,  of  desertion  by  the  father,  and  that  the  reception  of  the  child 
will,  in  all  probability,  be  the  means  of  replacing  the  mother  in  the  course  of 
virtue,  and  the  way  of  an  honest  livelihood. 

The  Society  for  the  Suvpression  of  Mendicity  wsls  instituted  in  1818,  "for  the 
purpose  of  checking  the  practice  of  public  mendicity,  with  all  its  baneful  and 
demoralizing  consequences ;  by  putting  the  laws  in  force  against  importers  who 
adopt  it  as  a  trade,  and  by  affording  prompt  and  effectual  assistance  to  those  whom 
sudden  calamity  or  unaffected  distress  may  cast  in  want  and  misery  upon  the 
public  attention." 

A  just  discrimination  between  cases  of  real  and  fictitious  distress,  and  a  judicious 
adaptation  of  relief  to  deserving  cases,  is  a  necessary,  but  very  difficult,  part  of 
true  benevolence.  The  frauds  which  are  successfully  practised  by  systematic 
sharpers  upon  a  charitable,  but  over-credulous  public,  and  the  existence  of  an 
immense  amount  of  genuine  and  unrelieved  suffering,  are  sufficient  proofs  of  the 
value  and  importance  of  any  agency  designed  to  counteract  these  abuses,  and  to 
accord  a  just  measure  of  benevolence. 

By  means  of  printed  tickets  supplied  to  subscribers,  beggars  can  be  directed  to 
the  Society's  offices,  where  their  cases  are  fully  investigated,  and  treated  accord- 
ing to  desert,  a  sure  provision  being  thus  made  against  imposture. 

Since  the  formation  of  the  Society  51,016  registered  cases  have  been  disposed 
of,  and  food,  money,  and  clothing  dispensed  to  deserving  applicants,  v/hile  em- 
ployment has  been  provided  for  such  as  were  found  able  to  work. 

The  Association  for  JPromoting  the  Belief  of  Destitution  in  the  Metropolis  is  like- 
wise a  safe  channel  for  the  exercise  of  public  benevolence.  It  is  carried  on  under 
the  direction  of  the  bishop  and  clergy,  and  the  efforts  of  the  Association  are 
directed  to  the  origination  and  support  of  local  undertakings,  thus  forming  a 
connection  and  a  centre  of  union  between  the  various  parochial  visiting  so- 
cieties. 

The  present  condition  of  that  large  class  of  female  workers  in  London,  compre- 
hended under  the  terms  milliners  and  dressmakers,  is  one  of  the  saddest  rej)roaches 
upon  a  country  whose  benevolent  objects  are  so  numerous,  and  so  extensive,  and 
one  of  the  severest  comments  upon  the  heartlessness  and  artificialism  of  that 
society,  which  takes  no  cognizance  of  those  who  are  most  largely  concerned  in 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB.  xxix 


administering  to  its  necessities.  Tlie  miseries  of  this  shamefulty  under-paid  and 
cruelly  over-worked  class  of  white  slaves  have  been  too  often  eloquently  animad- 
verted upon,  to  need  any  further  denunciations  of  the  system,  under  which  they 
are  hopelessly  and  imfeelingly  condemned  to  labour. 

The  impossibility  of  supporting  life  on  the  wretched  pittance  accorded  to  their 
labours,  is  the  oft-heard,  and  the  imanswerably  extenuating  plea  for  their  recourse 
to  criminal  avocations. 

While,  however,  the  State  shrinks  from  the  task  of  ameliorating  their  condition 
by  any  legislative  interference,  it  is  satisfactory  to  know  that  public  benevolence 
in  this  wide  field  is  not  wholly  unrepresented. 

The  Association  for  the  Aid  and  Benefit  of  Dressmahers  and  Milliners  is  a  noble 
breakwater  against  the  inroads  of  oppression,  and  a  valuable  counteracting  agency 
to  the  force  of  temptation. 

Its  objects,  briefly  stated,  are  to  obtain  some  remission  of  labour  and  other 
concessions  from  employers,  and  to  afford  pecuniary  and  medical  assistance  in 
cases  of  temporary  distress  or  illness.  A  registry  and  provident  fund  are  provided 
in  connexion  with  the  association. 

Actuated  by  the  same  human©  intention,  although  different  in  object,  is  the 
Needlewomen  s  Institution,  established  in  1850,  "  with  the  twofold  view  of  afford- 
ing those  who  had  suffered  under  the  oppression  of  middle  men  and  slop-sellers, 
the  opportunity  of  maintaining  themselves,  by  supplying  them  with  regular  em- 
ployment at  remunerative  prices,  in  airy  v/ork-rooms,  and  if  desired,  lodging  at  a 
moderate  charge." 

Another  institution  of  very  recent  origin  directed  to  the  religious  and  social 
improvement  of  the  same  unhappy  class,  is  the  Young  Women's  Christian  Association 
and  West  London  Home,  for  young  women  engaged  in  houses  of  business.  Its 
objects  are  twofold,  1st,  "  to  supply  a  place  where  young  women  so  employed,  can 
profitably  spend  their  Sundays  and  loeek-day  evenings"  thus  counteracting  the  evil 
influence  of  badly  conducted  houses  of  business ;  and  2nd,  "  the  home  is  intended 
to  T)rovide  a  residence  for  young  people  coming  from  the  coimtry  to  seek  employ- 
ment, and  for  those  who  are  changing  their  situations,  or  who  from  over-v/ork  and 
failing  health  require  rest  for  a  time."  The  rooms  of  the  Association  are  open 
every  evening  from  seven  until  ten  o'clock,  when  educational  and  religious  classes 
are  held  for  the  benefit  of  those  attending. 

Thus,  "  where  occasional  spasms  of  sympathy,  the  v/ell-merited  castigations  of 
the  press,  and*  the  voice  of  popular  opinion  had  unitedly  failed  to  shake  the  throne 
of  the  god  of  Mammon,  erected  on  skeletons,  and  cemented  with  the  blood  of 
women  and  children,  it  was  reserved  for  a  Christian  lady  to  strike  out  a  plan  w^hich 
has  already  been  productive  of  an  immensity  of  good,  and  has  commended  itself 
to  the  approval  of  all  who  are  labouring  to  promote  the  welfare  of  this  oppressed 
and  neglected  class.  The  better  to  appreciate  the  importance  of  this  noble  and 
truly  womanly  enterprise,  only  let  the  solemn  and  fearful  fact  be  borne  in  mind, 
that  in  London  cdone  1,000  poor  girls  are  yearly  crushed  out  of  life  from  over-toil 
and  grinding  oppression,  while  15,000  are  living  in  a  state  of  semi-starvation. 
Ah !  who  can  wonder  that  our  streets  swarm  with  the  fallen  and  the  lost,  when 
SIN  OR  STARVE  is  the  dire  alternative  !  Who  cannot  track  the  via  doloroso  between 
the  15,000  starving  and  the  thrice  that  number  living  by  sin  as  a  trade  ! 

"  Here,  then,  is  an  Institution  that  meets  the  wants  of  the  case.  It  not  only 
catches  them  before  they  go  over  the  precipice,  and  lovingly  shelters  them  from 
the  fierce  blasts  of  temptation,  beating  remorselessly  on  many  a  young  and  shrink- 
ing heart,  but  ensm-es  them  a  '  Home,'  wliere  soul  and  body  alike  may  find  rest 
and  peace."* 

*  Any  one  desiring  further  information  respecting  this  truly  admirable  movement,-  will  do 
well  to  procure  a  little  pamphlet,  entitled,  "  A  Brief  Sketch  of  the  Origin,  Aim,  and  Mode  of 


XXX 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  Society  for  Promoting  the  Employment  of  Women  has  lately  been  called  into 
existence,  by  the  emergencies  of  the  present  age,  the  object  of  which  is  to  develop 
and  extend  the  hitherto  restricted  field  of  female  laboui-,  by  the  establishment  of 
industrial  schools  and  workshops,  where  girls  may  be  taught  those  trades  and 
occupations  which  are  at  present  exclusively  monopolised  by  men.  Those  "  edu- 
cated in  this  school  will  be  capable  of  becoming  clerks,  cashiers,  railway-ticket 
sellers,  printers,"  &c. 

These  and  similar  measures  which  tend  to  open  up  resoui'ces  to  women  in  search 
of  a  livelihood,  will  have  the  happiest  effect  in  diverting  numbers  into  paths  of 
honest  industry,  who  now  labom-  under  strong  temptations  to  abandon  themselves 
to  a  life  of  criminal  ease  and  self-indulgence. 

The  remaining  agencies  indirectly  tending  to  the  prevention  of  crime,  arc  the 
Metropolitan  Early  Closing  Association,  for  abridging  the  hours  of  business,  so  as  to 
afford  to  assistants  time  for  recreation,  and  for  physical,  intellectual,  and  moral 
improvement ;  the  Metropolitan  Evening  Classes  for  Young  3Ien,  for  fm-nishing  the 
means  of  instruction  and  self-improvement ;  and  the  Young  Men's  Christian  Asso- 
ciation, for  promoting  the  spiritual  and  mental  improvement  of  young  men,  "  by 
means  of  devotional  meetings,  classes  for  Biblical  instruction,' and  for  literary  im- 
provement, the  delivery  of  lectm'es,  the  diffusion  of  Christian  literatm-e,  and  a 
library  for  reference  and  circulation."  This  last  instrumentality  has  been  widely 
blessed,  and  its  beneficial  influence  is  now  extended,  by  means  of  branch  associa- 
tions, to  most  of  the  provincial  towns. 


3.  Repressive  and  Punitive  Agencies. 

The  various  instrumentalities  falling  under  this  head  appear  deserving  of 
separate  consideration,  and  cannot  therefore  be  appropriately  included  under 
either  of  the  previous  divisions,  being  neither  curative  in  their  character,  nor  pre- 
ventive to  any  appreciable  extent.  They  evidently  presuppose  the  existence  of 
crime,  and  merely  seek  to  diminish  its  influence,  or  curtail  its  power  by  the  appli- 
cation of  legal  provisions  and  compulsory  measures,  intended  on  the  one 
hand  to  indemnify  society  against  the  infraction  of  its  rights,  and  on  the  other  to 
intimidate  or  restrain  the  criminal  offender.  The  absolute  reformation  of  the 
viciously  disposed  can  hardly  be  expected  io  result  from  the  use  of  such  means, 
and  belongs  properly  to  another  class  of  agencies.  It  may  indeed  be  achieved  by 
punitive  measm^es,  but  in  this  case  reformation  of  character  is  rather  a  startling 
accident  than  an  essential  property  of  the  system  pursued.  Experience  has  abun- 
dantly established  the  utility  of  legal  provisions  as  a  "  terror  to  evil  doers ;"  but 
the  statistics  of  our  police-courts  will  by  no  means  warrant  tlic  assumption  that 
penal  measures  have  per  se  been  successful  in  reclaiming  the  offender.  It  is  not 
intended,  however,  while  speaking  of  repressive  and  punitive  agencies,  to  include 
in  this  category  the  strictly  legal  efforts  emj)loycd  by  the  State  to  deter  and  correct 
the  criminal  who  renders  himself  amenable  to  justice.  This  subject  will  be  found 
fully  and  distinctly  treated  by  Mr.  Mayhew,  in  a  work  now  in  the  press,  entitled 
"  Prisons  of  London,  and  Scenes  of  Prison  Life." 

The  inquiry  pursued  in  the  course  of  this  Essay  is  not  designed  to  comprehend 
such  constitutional  measiu'es  as  are  employed  by  either  Church  or  State,  for  the  sup- 
jjression  of  vice  and  crime  ;  but  rather  to  draw  from  their  obscm-ity,  and  to  give 
prominence  to  those  resources  and  expedients  which  society  itself  adopts,  for  the 
defence  and  j)reservation  of  its  o-wn  interests. 


Conducting  tlie  Young  Women's  Christian  Association,  and  West  London  Home  for  Young 
Women  engaged  in  Houses  of  Business,  49,  Great  Marlljorongli-strcet,  Kegent-street,  London  ; 
in  a  Letter  to  the  Earl  of  Iloden.  President  of  the  Association." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB. 


XXXI 


The  Society  for  the  Suppression  of  Vice,  which  was  established  in  1802,  has  for  its 
objects  the  repression  of  attemi^ts  "  to  spread  infidelity  and  blasphemy  by  means 
of  public  lectures,  and  printed  publications."  The  operations  of  the  Society  have 
also  been  directed  to  the  suppression  of  disorderly  houses,  the  punishment  of 
fortune-tellers,  and  other  important  objects.  "  It  is  represented  that  by  means  of 
this  Society  many  convictions  have  taken  place,  and  persons  have  been  sentenced 
to  imprisonment  for  selling  obscene  publications  and  prints,"  while  their  works 
have  been  either  seized  or  destroyed.  With  such  admirable  intentions  and  useful 
objects,  to  commend  it  to  benevolent  support,  and  with  the  entire  voice  of  public 
opinion  in  its  favour,  the  only  wonder  is  that  this  Society  does  not  carry  on  its 
operations  with  greater  publicity,  vigilance,  and  efficiency.  Unhappily  the 
loathsome  traftic  in  Holywell  Street  literature  is  still  carried  on  with  bold  and 
unblushing  effrontery,  and  its  existence,  although  greatly  diminished  in  the 
country,  is  too  notorious  and  too  patent,  in  certain  portions  of  the  metropolis,  to 
need  any  extraordinary  efforts  to  promote  exposiu'e  and  punishment. 

The  demoralizing  influence  of  low  theatres,  and  the  licentious  corruptions  of 
the  Coal  Hole,  and  Poses  Plastiques,  might  surely  afford  scope  for  vigorous  prose- 
cutions under  the  Society's  auspices  ;  and  yet  these  dens,  in  which  the  vilest 
passions  of  mankind  are  stimulated,  and  every  sentiment  of  religion,  virtue,  and 
decency  grossly  outraged,  or  publicly  caricatured,  are  allowed  to  emit  their 
virulent  poison  upon  all  ranks  of  society  without  the  slightest  let  or  hindrance  ! 
Only  let  a  man  smitten  by  the  plague  or  with  any  other  infectious  disease,  obtrude 
himself  by  unnecessary  contact  upon  the  public,  and  his  right  to  free  agency 
would  be  summarily  disposed  of,  by  speedy  incarceration  within  the  walls  of 
a  hospital ;  but  provided  only  the  disorder  be  a  moral  one — and  therefore  far 
more  to  be  dreaded,  in  its  pestiferous  influence  and  baneful  effects  upon  society — 
it  is  forsooth  to  be  tolerated  as  a  necessary  evil !     Proh  tempora  et  mores  f 

The  Associate  Institution,  formed  in  1844,  has  been  in  active  operation  fifteen 
years,  and  has  been  instrumental  in  effecting  a  large  amount  of  good,  by  im- 
proving and  enforcing  the  laws  for  the  protection  of  women.  It  has  maintained 
a  strenuous  crusade  against  houses  of  ill-fame,  and  has  since  its  establishment 
conducted  upwards  of  800  prosecutions,  in  most  of  which  it  has  been  successful 
ill  bringing  condign  punishment  upon  the  heads  of  those,  who  have  committed 
criminal  assaults  upon  women  and  children,  or  who  have  decoyed  them  away 
for  immoral  j)nrposes. 

Important  as  these  results  have  been,  a  larger  amount  of  good  has  probably 
been  achieved  by  means  of  lectm^es  and  meetings  held  in  various  parts  of  the  coun- 
try by  Mr.  J.  Harding,  the  Society's  travelling  secretary,  whose  faithful  and  stirring 
appeals  and  bold  denunciations  of  vice  have  contributed  not  a  little  to  the  spread 
of  sounder  and  more  wholesome  views  on  social  questions,  and  to  the  removal  of 
that  ignorance  of  profligate  wiles  and  artifices,  which,  in  so  many  cases,  proves 
fatal  to  the  unsuspecting  and  unwary. 

Two  Bills  prepared  by  this  Association,  one  for  the  protection  of  female  chil- 
dren between  12  and  13  years  of  age,  and  the  other  to  simplify  and  facilitate  the 
prosecution  of  persons  charged  with  keeping  houses  of  ill  fame,  were  this  year 
submitted  to  parliament,  but  unhappily  without  success,  having  been  lost  either 
on  technical  grounds,  or  for  want  of  support.  It  is  refreshing  to  turn  from  the 
supineness  of  statesmen  to  the  energy  and  decision  manifested  by  private  associa- 
tions in  resisting  the  encroachments  of  vice.  The  East  London  Association,  com- 
posed of  a  committee  partly  clerical  and  partly  lay,  and  including  most  of  the 
influential  parochial  clergy  in  the  district,  was  instituted  four  years  ago  for  the 
purpose  of  checking  "that  class  o£  public  offences,  which  consists  in  acts  of  inde- 
cency, profaneness,  drunkenness,  and  prostitution." 

Its  modes  of  action  are  as  foUovfs  : — 


xxxn 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


1.  To  create  and  foster  public  opinion  in  reprobation  of  the  above-named  acts. 

2.  To  bring  such  public  opinion  to'^bear  upon  all  exercising  social  influence,  with  a  view  to 
discountenance  the  perpetrators  and  abettors  thereof. 

3.  To  secure  the  efficient  application  by  the  Police  of  the  laws  and  regulations  for  the  sup- 
pression of  the  class  of  public  offences  above  named;  and  to  obtain,  if  necessary,  the  institution 
of  legal  proceedings. 

4.  To  procure  the  alteration  of  the  law,  wheresoever  needful  to  the  object  contemplated,  and 
especially  to  the  obtaining  further  restrictions  in  granting  Licenses  for  Music  and  Dancing  to 
houses  wiiere  intoxicating  liquors  are  sold. 

5.  To  find  Houses  of  Refuge  and  means  of  I'cstoration  for  the  victims  of  seduction  by  honest 
employment,  emigration,  &c. 

It  is  satisfactory  to  state  that  already,  and  with  the  very  limited  funds  placed  at 
the  disposal  of  this  Association,  no  fewer  than  "  sevent3^-five  houses  in  some  of  the 
worst  streets  in  the  east  of  London,  hitherto  devoted  to  tlie  vilest  pui-poses,  have 
been  cleared  of  their  inmates;  one  of  these  houses  having  had  thirty  rooms,  which 
were  occupied  by  prostitutes  ;  that  more  tlian  one  house  ostensibly  open  for  public 
accommodation,  but  really  for  ensnaring  females  for  prostitution,  has  been  closed  ; 
and  that  in  one  instance  of  peculiar  atrocity,  the  owner  of  the  liouse  has  been 
convicted  and  punished.  Handbills  have  also  been  issued,  containing  extracts 
from  the  Police  Acts,  to  show  the  power  of  remedy  for  offences  against  public 
decency,  such  as  swearing,  the  use  of  improper  language,  and  the  exhibition  of 
improper  conduct  in  the  streets." 

Such  are  the  objects  and  results  of  this  Association,  and  such  the  praiseworthy 
example  set  to  other  London  districts,  which  if  vigorously  followed  would  result, 
at  least,  in  the  repression  of  vice,  and  in  a  marked  diminution  of  crime. 

"It  is  chiefly  from  the  reserve  which,  rather  by  implication  than  by  compact, 
has  so  long  been  preserved  in  those  influential  quarters  where  the  power  to  correct 
and  guide  public  opinion  is  maintained,  that  the  crying  social  evil  of  om^  day  has 
attained  such  dimensions,  and  exhibited  itself  in  such  dangerous  and  revolting- 
forms  as  we  have  referred  to.  Preachers,  moralists,  and  public  writers  have  been 
deterred  by  the  difficulty  and  delicacy  of  the  subject  from  their  obvious  duty  of 
protecting  the  social  interests,  and  a  sluggish  legislatui'e,  ever  inert  in  intro- 
ducing such  measm-es  as  are  calculated  to  foster  and  conserve  the  public  virtue, 
has  thus  lacked  the  external  pressure  which  might  have  aroused  it  to  vigilance  and 
forethought  in  the  discharge  of  its  duties.  Eecently,  however,  there  have  been 
clear  indications  that  a  distrust  of  the  old  plan  is  spreading.  With  manifest 
reluctance,  but  not  without  interest,  has  public  attention  fastened  itself  on  a 
subject  in  which  not  merely  the  happiness  of  individuals,  and  the  peace  of  fami- 
lies, but  the  national  prosperity  and  the  concerns  of  social  life,  are  felt  to  be 
bound  up.  Inquiries  as  to  the  best  mode  of  doing  something  to  stem  the  tide  of 
immorality  which  is  coui'sing  onwards  are  made  in  quarters  vdiere  indifference,  if 
not  acquiescence,  was  formerly  manifested.  Public  opinion  is  ever  slowly 
formed,  but  is  seldom  wrong  at  the  last  in  detecting  the  true  source  of  generic 
evils,  and  in  a2)plying  to  them  the  best  remedies.  Example,  also,  is  as  con- 
tagious on  the  side  of  virtue  as  of  vice ;  and  where  an  initiative  step,  taken  by 
another,  appeals  to  our  intuitive  sense  of  right  and  duty,  it  is  seldom  that  the 
com'ageous  right-doer  has  to  wait  long  for  the  expression  of  sympathy  and  tlic 
proffer  of  aid. 

"  It  is  only  recently  that  the  great  sin  of  oui*  land  has  received  a  measure  of 
the  attention  it  has  long  and  loudly  called  for. 

"  First  in  one  quarter,  and  then  in  another,  has  the  subject  been  discussed  with 
tolerable  delicacy,  and  with  an  approximate  fidelity. 

"  The  discussion  has  done  good.  Men  have  thought  about  the  subject,  have 
been  led  to  measure  the  fearful  dimensions  of  this  evil,  to  observe  its  progress 
and  influence  Avithin  their  own  neighbourhoods,  and  have  come  at  last  to  deplore 
the  existence  of  that  which  they  have  too  long  tolerated  or  connived  at.     Where 


LONDON  LABOUn  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR.  xxxiii 


remedial  measures  have  been  attempted,  they  have  not  lacked  for  countenance 
and  support ;  and,  in  some  quarters,  at  least,  there  have  been  indications  of  a 
desire  to  pass  from  the  feebler  stage  of  alleviation  to  the  more  potential  remedy 
of  prevention.  Whilst  it  seems  to  be  admitted  on  all  hands,  that  to  aim  at  the 
forcible  extinction  of  immorality  would  be  Utopian  and  disappointing,  the  repres- 
sion and  diminution  of  crime  is  felt  to  be  an  imperious  obligation  upon  all  v/ho 
are  vested  with  any  power  and  influence  for  that  end. 

"  We  cannot  help  regarding  the  measures  which  have  been  recently  adopted  by 
certain  parochial  authorities  in  the  metropolis  as  at  once  a  proof  of  the  benefit 
which  has  arisen  from  the  partial  discussion  of  this  subject  in  the  various  public 
channels  into  which  it  has  gained  admittance ;  and  we  regard  it,  fm-ther,  as  a 
cheering  sign  that  a  deepening  conviction  is  spreading  on  all  sides  respecting  the 
absolute  necessity  of  a  well- organised  antagonism  to  evil,  in  place  of  our  former 
supine  indifference,  or  more  culpable  acquiescence.  Some  of  the  most  influential 
metropolitan  vestries  have  commenced  a  crusade  against  the  keepers  of  bad  houses 
in  their  respective  parishes,  and,  by  the  vigour  and  promptitude  characterizing 
their  prosecutions,  seem  determined  to  hmit  down  the  hosts  of  abandoned  house- 
holders who  are  mainly  concerned  in  extending  and  facilitating  immorality. 

"  Aristocratic  St.  James's,  and  more  plebeian  Lambeth,  have  alike  joined  in 
these  laudable  measures  ;  and  it  is  to  be  noticed,  with  extreme  satisfaction,  that 
the  steps  thus  taken  have  been  almost  invariably  successful,  and  that  severe 
punishments  have  been  inflicted  upon  the  wi'etches  who  were  the  objects  of  these 
prosecutions.  Such  a  movement  cannot  be  sufficiently  applauded,  and  fervently 
is  it  to  be  trusted  that  the  example  thus  shown  in  these  influential  centres  may 
not  only  reach  to  every  other  parish  in  the  metropolis,  but  may  also  stir  up  the 
parochial  authorities  in  every  city  and  town  in  the  land  to  a  like  course  of  pro- 
cedure. This  is  to  strike  at  the  main  root  of  the  evil.  In  vain  are  all  our 
Reformatories  and  Eefuges,  in  vain  the  endeavom^s  of  Christian  people  to  repress 
the  evil  by  exertions  for  the  rescue  even  of  a  large  number  of  its  victims,  if  the 
floodgates  of  vice  be  allowed,  by  public  neglect,  to  remain  open,  ever  to  pour  out 
into  our  streets  fresh  streams  of  wickedness  and  pollution.  There  are,  no  doubt, 
persons  who  think  that  measures,  such  as  those  now  under  consideration,  will  not 
materially  check  the  traffic  in  vice,  but  will  only  lead  to  its  being  more  subtly 
and  secretly  practised.  Even  that  result,  if  brought  about,  would  be  something 
gained,  something  as  a  protest  on  the  side  of  public  purity  and  virtue,  and  some- 
thing in  the  amount  of  warning  and  terror  brought  home  to  guilty  breasts,  leading 
them  to  dread  retribution  in  future,  whenever  offended  justice  could  detect  them 
in  their  malpractices.  But  in  truth  there  is  no  limit  to  the  amount  of  good 
which  would  result  from  these  repressive  measures  becoming  universal  and  well- 
sustained. 

"  Many  persons  would  be  saved  from  future  ruin,  a  manifest  check  would  be 
given  to  the  further  development  of  iniquity,  and  the  example  of  authority  thus 
generally  exercised  in  aid  of  the  cause  of  virtue,  would  greatly  tend  to  the  spread 
of  sounder  views  of  social  duty  in  regard  to  this  matter."* 

One  of  the  greatest  scandals  on  a  country  professedly  Christian,  is  the  extent 
to  which  Sabbath  desecration  pervades  the  metropolis.  Although  the  traffic  now 
openly  pursued  in  the  streets,  or  carried  on  with  impimity  in  shops,  is  strictly 
illegal,  yet  the  technicalities  which  are  too  often  allowed  to  obstruct  the  ends  of 
justice,  and  the  smallness  of  the  fines  inflicted,  even  where  summary  conviction 
follows,  concur  to  render  the  law,  in  this  particular,  a  mere  dead  letter. 

The  permission  to  'sell  on  Sunday,  originally  extended  only  to  vendors  of 
perishable  articles,  is  now  claimed  by  whole  troops  of  costermongers,  who,  pre- 

*  "  The  Magdalen's  Friend  and  Female  Homes'  Intellig-eueer,  No.  12,  vol.  ii." 


XXXIV 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Rumiiig  upon  the  license  tliey  have  so  long  enjoyed,  no  longer  hesitate  to  ply  their 
usual  calling  in  the  most  puhlic  and  offensive  manner,  frequently  pursuing  their 
traffic  in  the^open  streets  during  the  hours  of  divine  service,  and  disturbing  whole 
congregations  by  their  noisy  vociferations  around  the  very  doors  of  our  churches. 

These  evils  call  loudly  for  more  stringent  legal  measures,  and  it  is  to  be  hoped 
the  time  is  not  far  distant  when  some  improvement  will  take  place. 

As  one  means  of  directing  public  attention  to  this  subject,  by  the  circulation  of 
appeals  and  tracts,  and  of  promoting  the  introduction  of  salutary  legal  provisions 
for  the  rei^ression  of  such  acts  of  desecration,  the  Society  for  Promoting  the  Due  Ob- 
servance of  the  Lord's  Day  is  entitled  to  a  large  measure  of  support.  The  efforts 
made  by  the  Society  to  awaken  public  opposition  to  the  obnoxious  provisions  of 
Lord  Chelmsford's  Sunday  Trading  Bill,  were  probably  mainly  instrmnental  in 
secimng  its  rejection. 

One  of  the  noblest  repressive  agencies  within  the  metropolis  is  the  Boyal 
Society  for  the  Prevention  of  Cruelty  to  Animals,  established  in  1824,  which  employs 
a  number  of  agents  to  frequent  the  markets  and  public  thoroughfares,  for  the  pur- 
pose of  bringing  to  punishment  persons  detected  4n  the  commission  of  acts  of 
cruelty  to  animals.  It  seeks,  moreover,  by  means  of  suitable  tracts,  to  diffuse 
among  the  public  a  just  sense  of  the  duty  of  humanity  and  forbearance  towards 
the  lower  orders  of  creation.  Allusion  was  made  dm^ing  the  present  year  to  the 
objects  em-braced  by  this  Society  from  upwards  of  two  thousand  London  pulpits, 
which  will  doubtless  have  the  effect  of  directing  the  attention  of  the  benevolent 
public  to  an  instrumentality  which  has  already  achieved  a  large  amount  of  good  ; 
and  only  requires  to  be  better  known  to  enjoy  a  corresponding  measui-e  of 
support. 

4.  Beformaiive  Agencies. 

Must  be  understood  as  referring  solely  to  individuals,  and  include  all  such 
measures  as  are  employed  to  effect  an  external  change  of  character,  and  render 
those,  who  are  vicious  and  depraved,  honest  and  respectable  members  of  society.) 

While,  however,  agencies  of  this  kind  are  reformative  in  their  relation  to  persons, 
they  have  also  a  preventive  aspect,  when  viewed  in  their  bearings  upon  the  entire 
community  ;  for  the  reformation  of  every  vicious  man  is  a  social  boon,  inasmuch 
as  it  removes  one  individual  from  a  course  of  vice,  and  thus  diminishes  the  aggre- 
gate of  crime. 

As  a  nucleus  of  reformatory  operations,  and  a  "  centre  of  information  and 
encouragement,"  the  Beformaiory  and  Befage  Union  was  established  in  1856. 
It  seeks  to  diffuse  information  respecting  the  various  agencies  at  present  in  exist- 
ence, and  to  encom'age  and  facilitate  the  establishment  of  new  institutions.  In 
connection  with  the  Union  is  a  "  Female  Mission "  for  the  rescue  of  the  fallen. 
The  Mission  maintains  a  staff  of  female  missionaries,  whose  business  it  is  to  dis- 
tribute tracts  among  the  fallen  women  of  the  metropolis,  to  converse  with  them  in 
the  streets,  and  visit  them  in  their  houses,  in  the  hospitals,  or  in  the  workhouses. 
These  missionaries,  "  as  a  rule,  leave  their  homes  between  eight  and  nine  o'clock  at 
night,  remaining  out  till  nearly  twelve,  and  occasionally  till  one  in  the  morning. 
They  are  located  in  different  parts  of  London,  near  to  the  nightly  Avalks  and 
haunts  of  those  they  desire  to  benefit.  They  have  the  means  of  rescuing  a  large 
number  who  have  been  placed  in  the  Homes  or  restored  to  their  friends." 

There  are  upwards  of  fifty  metropolitan  institutions  for  the  reception  of  the 
destitute  and  the  reformation  of  the  criminal,  or  those  who  are  exposed  to  teni})- 
tation,  capable  of  accommodating  collectively  about  4,000  persons  of  both  sexes. 

Nine  of  these  institutions  are  designed  especially  for  the  reception  and  training 
of  juvenile  criminals,  sentenced  under  the  "Youthful  Offenders'  Act,"  and  two  for 
vajjrrants  sentenced  to  detention  under  the  "  Industrial  School  Act."     Throe  arc 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  xxxv 


exclusively  appropriated  to  the  benefit  of  discharged  prisoners,  and  the  rest  arc 
chiefly  employed  in  the  rescue  and  reformation  of  destitute  or  criminal  children.* 

Most  of  these  institutions,  Avith  the  exception  of  such  as  are  certified  by  Act 
of  Parliament,  and  aided  by  Government  subsidies,  are  supported  entirely  by 
voluntary  contributions  and  by  the  earnings  of  the  inmates,  who  are  either 
admitted  free  on  application,  or  by  payment  of  a  small  sum  towards  the  expense 
of  maintenance. 

Such  is  the  benevolent  machinery  now  at  work  within  the  metropolis  for  the 
reformation  of  our  criminal  population,  and  for  the  preservation  of  those  who  are 
in  a  fair  way  of  becoming  the  moral  pests  and  aliens  of  society. 

The  results,  both  in  a  religious,  social,  and  sanatory  point  of  view,  achieved 
by  these  different  agencies,  are  beyond  all  human  calculation ;  and  it  is  mainly 
to  their  beneficial  and  restraining  influence  that  the  peace,  safety,  and  well-being 
of  society  may  be  attributed. 

T]ie  other  Beformative  Agencies  are  those  adapted  to  the  rescue  and  reformation 
of  fallen  women,  or  such  as  have  been  led  astray  from  the  paths  of  virtue. 

There  are  tv/enty-one  institutions  in  London  devoted  to  these  objects,  and 
unitedly  providing  accommodation  for  about  1,200  inmates.  Ten  of  these  are  in 
connexion  ^ith  the  Church  of  England,  and  in  the  remaining  eleven  the  religious 
instruction  is  unsectarian  and  evangelical.  Three,  viz.,  The  Female  Temporary 
Home,  The  Trinity  Home,  and  The  Home  of  Hope,  are  designed  for  the  reception 
of  the  better  educated  and  higher  class  of  fallen  women.  One,  viz.,  The  London 
Society  for  the  Protection  of  Young  Females,  is  limited  to  girls  under  fifteen  years  of 
age  ;  and  another,  The  Marylebone  Female  Protection  Society,  affords  shelter  exclu- 
sively to  those  who  have  recently  been  led  astray,  and  whose  previous  good 
character  will  bear  the  strictest  investigation. 

It  may  be  fairly  assumed  that  the  objects  of  all  these  institutions  are  substan- 
tially the  same,  viz.,  the  reformation  of  character,  and  the  restoration  of  the  indi- 
vidual to  religious  and  social  privileges.  While,  however,  the  end  is  in  most 
cases  one  and  the  same,  the  methods  and  subordinate  means  adopted  to  insure  its 
attainment,  are  often  strikingly  dissimilar,  and  present  distinctive  and  almost 
opposite  features.  Thus  one  class  of  institutions,  in  imitation  of  our  Lord's 
merciful  forbearance  towards  the  sinner,  make  their  treatment  pre-eminently  one 
of  love,  and  seek  by  means  the  most  gentle  and  attractive  to  win  back  the  stubborn 
wills  and  depraved  natures  of  those  entrusted  to  their  care.  Kindness  is  the  only 
instrument  used  in  laying  siege  to  the  hard  heart,  and  in  mollifying  the  seared 
conscience.  Stern  discipline,  irritating  restraints,  and  rigorous  exactions,  form 
no  part  of  a  system  which  is  built  up  on  the  model  prescribed  by  Him,  who 
"  spake  as  never  man  spake." 

That  a  mode  of  treatment  which  affords  such  a  remarkable  coincidence,  and 
such  a  striking  parallel  to  the  divine  method  of  dealing  with  the  sinner, 
so  eloquently  tauglit  under  the  parable  of  the  Prodigal  Son,  should  be  found  by 
experience  to  be  the  only  really  efficacious  one,  can  hardly  be  a  matter  of  surprise. 
The  fact  is  too  notorious  to  re(][uire  any  proof  that  in  nmnberless  instances 

'  Law  and  terrors  do  but  liarden ' 

the  heart  which  can  be  easily  subdued  by]  the  exhibition  of  Christian  kindness. 
Here  is  the  omnipotent  weapon  which  has  achieved  such  moral  victories,  when 

*  Tliose  wlio  wish  for  further  information  respecting  these  Institutions  are  referred  to  a 
handbook  containing  authentic  accounts  of  the  various  Metropolitan  Eeformatories,  Kefuges,  and 
Industrial  Schools,  published  by  the  Reformatory  and  Eefuge  Union,  A  magazine,  edited  by  a 
clergyman,  price  'dd.  monthly,  designed  to  awaken  and  sustain  public  sympathy  on  behalf  of 
the  fallen,  and  to  draw  attention  to  the  most  prolific  causes,  contributing  to  the  extension  of 
the  social  evil. 


XXXVl 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  VOOIi. 


wielded  by  gentle  and  loving  women,  like  Miss  Marsh,  Mrs.  "VViglitnian,  and  Mrs. 
Sheppard. 

•The  oj^posite  mode  of  treatment,  however  successful  it  may  he  in  the  restoration 
of  external  character,  or  in  the  subjugation  of  turbulent  passions,  is  defective,  inas- 
much as  it  fails  to  influence  the  heart,  and  therefore  at  best  contributes  only  to  an 
incomplete  and  partial  cure.  The  almost  penal  character  of  the  system  pursued 
in  many  of  the  older  penitentiaries  is  founded  on  the  misconception,  that  the  injury 
sustained  by  society  in  the  departure  from  virtue  of  her  female  members,  can  only 
be  atoned  for  by  some  personal  mulct  inflicted  on  the  oifender.  While,  therefore,  the 
ultimate  object  is  the  reformation  of  lost  character,  this  is  too  often  overlooked  or 
rendered  subsidiary  to  the  proximate  one  of  propitiating  society  ;  and  the  austere 
regimen  by  which  the  latter  point  is  secured,  is  generally  found  to  be  subversive 
of  the  other.  When,  however,  as  is  too  frequently  the  case,  society  is  the  tempter, 
the  offence  may  surely  be  condoned  by  a  less  rigorous  process !  Society  may 
indeed  well  waive  the  right  to  compensation  for  supposed  damages,  when  it  can  be 
proved  that  she  is  at  least  particeps  criminis,  and  when,  moreover,  she  has  a  personal 
interest  in  the  speedy  restoration  of  her  unhappy  prodigals.  The  retributive 
sufiering,  which,  in  the  majority  of  cases,  so  surely  overtakes  the  female  delinquent, 
may  be  urged  as  another  reason  for  dealing  leniently  with  the  erring ;  but  the 
strongest  justification  of  such  a  method  is  undoubtedly  derived  from  the  success 
attending  it,  and  from  the  Divine  sanction  which  it  has  received. 

The  impediments  wliich  the  old  penitentiary  system  of  close  confinement, 
criminal  fare,  and  hard  labour,  have  mifortunately  presented  to  the  rescue  of  fallen 
women  is  too  well  known  to  those  who  are  accustomed  to  deal  with  this  class. 
Frequently  are  the  urgent  entreaties  of  the  missionary  to  forsake  an  abandoned 
com'se  of  life,  and  seek  shelter  in  some  institution,  met  with  either  rancorous  de- 
nunciations against  the  penal  system,  or  by  polite  but  firm  refusals  to  submit  to 
the  discipline,  which  is  supj)Osed  to  extend  to  all  reformatory  asylums. 

Gradually,  however,  this  prevailing  opinion  is  being  cleared  away,  and  the  fallen 
women  themselves  are  not  slow  to  distinguish  between  the  two  opposite  methods 
of  treatment,  a  fact  which  is  rendered  clearly  apparent  by  the  overwhelming 
number  of  applications  for  admission  into  those  Homes  which  are  characterized 
by  a  more  humane  and  gentle  regimen. 

The  oldest  reformatory  institution  in  the  .metropolis  for  the  reception  of  fallen 
women  is  TJie  Magdalen  Hospital,  founded  in  1758.  During  the  last  100  jenYS  of 
its  existence  nearly  9,000  women  have  been  admitted,  about  two-thirds  of  whom 
have  been  restored  to  friends  or  relations.  At  the  time  when  this  charity  was 
first  instituted  "the  notion  of  providing  a  house  for  the  reception  and  mainte- 
nance of  '  Penitent  Prostitutes '  seems  not  to  have  suggested  itself  to  the  public 
mind.  Even  good  and  actively  benevolent  men  appear  to  have  been  startled  at 
the  novelty  of  the  proposition,  while  they  doubted  the  wisdom,  and  still  more  the 
success  of  such  an  attempt.  The  newspapers  of  that  period  contained  both  argu- 
ments against,  and  ridicule  of  the  plan  and  its  promoters.  God,  however,  blessed 
the  undertaking,  and  raised  up  friends  and  supporters  in  every  direction." 

So  tliat  eighteen  years  after  its  incorporation  its  friends  were  able  to  use  the 
following  cheering  language. 

"  We  see  many  fellow-creatm^es,  by  means  of  this  happy  asylum,  rescued  from 
sorrow  in  which  they  had  been  involved  by  all  the  iniquitous  stratagems  of  seduc- 
tion ;  in  which  condition  they  had  been  detained  by  a  species  of  horrid  necessity  ; 
from  which  they  had  no  probable  or  possible  retreat ;  and  in  which  they  must, 
therefore,  according  to  all  human  appearance,  have  perished.  We  see  them  re- 
stored to  their  God,  to  their  parents,  to  their  friends,  their  country,  and  them- 
selves. What  charitable  heart,  what  truly  Christian  hand  can  withhold  its  best 
cndeavom'S  to  promote  an  undertaking  so  laudable,  so  beneficent  ?     Who  would 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


xxxvn 


not  desire  to  add  to  the  number  of  souls  preserved  from  the  deepest  guilt — of 
bodies  rescued  from  shame,  misery,  and  death  ?  Who  would  not  wish  to  wipe  the 
tear  from  a  parent's  eyes — to  save  the  hoary  head  from  being  brought  down  with 
sorrow  to  the  grave  ?" 

An  interval  of  half  a  century  elapsed  after  the  foundation  of  the  Magdalen 
As3dum  before  the  establishment  of  any  similar  institution.  Within  the  last 
ten  years,  however,  public  attention  has  been  directed  with  increasing  interest 
to  this  subject,  and  numerous  efforts  have  been  made  to  provide  more  ample 
accommodation  for  those  who  are  desirous  of  escaping  from  their  wretched  mode 
of  life. 

The  London  hy  Moonliglit  Mission,  inaugurated  some  years  ago  by  Lieutenant 
Blackmore,  has  been  followed  in  om'  own  day  by  the  Midnight  Meeting  Movement, 
which  has  excited  a  world-wide  sympathy  and  interest,  and  has  been  very  generally 
approved  even  in  quarters  where  encouragement  could  be  least  expected.  The 
commencement  of  these  meetings  in  London  was  the  signal  for  similar  experi- 
ments in  Manchester,  Liverpool,  Nottingham,  Edinbm-gh,  Glasgow,  Dundee, 
Dublin,  and  other  large  towns. 

Twenty-tv/o  of  these  meetings  have  now  been  held,  and  attended  by  upwards  of 
4,000  women,  more  than  600  of  whom  have  been  rescued,  and  either  restored  to 
friends,  or  placed  in  situations,  where  they  are  giving  satisfactory  evidence  of  out- 
Avard  reformation,  and  many  of  them  of  a  thorough  change  of  character. 

The  largest  association  in  London  for  the  reformation  of  fallen  women,  is  the 
Society  for  the  Rescue  of  Young  Women  and  Children.  The  Society  has  at  present 
eleven  homes  in  various  parts  of  London,  and  one  at  Dover.  Four  of  those  are 
"  Family  Homes  "  for  the  reception  of  preventive  cases,  or  young  girls  who  have 
not  strayed  from  the  path  of  virtue,  but  are  addicted  to  crime,  or  are  in  circum- 
stances of  danger.  One  is  a  Home  for  orphan  children,  from  nine  to  thirteen  years 
of  age  ;  and  the  remaining  seven  are  for  fallen  cases. 

Upwards  of  2,700  v/omen  and  children  have  been  admitted  into  these  Homes 
since  the  Society's  formation  in  1853,  the  greater  part  of  whom  have  given  satis- 
factory proof  of  having  been  reclaimed  and  permanently  benefitted.  The  Society's 
income  for  the  past  year  amomited  to  £6,789  17s.  2<i.  The  Homes  are  under  the 
care  of  pious  and  experienced  matrons,  who  labom*  incessantly  to  promote  the 
spiritual  and  social  welfare  of  their  charges. 

Another  institution  of  recent  origin,  but  of  rapidly  increasing  growth,  is  the 
fjondon  Female  Preventive  and  Beformatory  Institution,  which  already  numbers 
four  Homes,  and  has  admitted,  dm-ing  the  past  year,  upwards  of  250  inmates. 

The  following  are  the  objects  embraced  by  the  Institution  : — 

"  I.  To  seek  the  destitute  and  fallen  by  voluntary  missionary  effort. 

"  II.  To  afford  temporary  protection  to  friendless  young  women,  whose  circmn- 
stances  expose  them  to  danger;  also  to  effect  the  rescue  of  fallen  females, 
especially  those  decoyed  from  the  country,  by  admitting  them  to  the  benefits  of 
this  Institution. 

"  III.  To  restore,  when  j)racticable,  the  wanderer  to  her  family  and  friends, 
whether  in  town  or  country. 

"  IV.  To  qualify  those  admitted  into  the  Institution  for  various  departments  of 
domestic  service,  to  obtain  suitable  situations  for  them,  and  provide  them  with 
clothing. 

"  V.  To  aid  such  as  for  approved  reasons  wish  to  emigrate. 

"  VI.  Above  all,  to  seek  the  spiritual  welfare  of  the  inmates." 

The  two  last-named  Societies  and  the  Home  of  Hope,  which  is  another  Eefuge 
identical  in  character  and  spirit  with  that  last  named,  have  received  most  of  the 
cases  rescued  by  the  midnight  meetings. 

Great  and  encom-aging  as  are  the  results  effected  by  these  institutions,  and  wide 


XXXVlll 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


as  the  sympathy  is  which  they  have  awakened,  it  is  clear  that  the  means  of  rescue 
are  as  yet  wholly  disproportioned  to  the  numbers  claiming  assistance. 

Calculating' the  number  of  fallen  women  in  London  at  eighty  thousand,  which  is 
probably  not  far  wide  of  the  truth,  and  computing  the  number  at  present  in  the 
different  institutions  to  be  1,000,  the  chance  of  rescue  through  the  only  recognized 
medium  for  female  reformation  is  offered  to  one  ivoman  in  every  eighty  ! 

This  is  the  high-ioater  mark  of  public  charity,  and  the  utmost  provision  made 
by  Society  for  the  rescue  of  these  80,000  outcasts !  And  yet  there  arc  special 
reasons  which  seem  ^to  give  them  a  strong  claim  upon  the  sympathy  and  com- 
passion of  the  benevolent  public.  The  brief  term  of  their  existence,  the  average 
length  of  which  is  at  best  but  a  few  years,  and  the  fact  that  large  numbers  of  them 
are  driven  upon  the  streets  by  a  stern  necessity,  and  compelled  to  live  by  sin  as  a 
trade,  while  everything  contributes  to  prevent  their  escape  from  the  mode  of  life 
into  which  they  have  been  involuntarily  forced,  are  sm'ely  considerations  calcu- 
lated to  stimulate  Christian  effort  on  their  behalf.  But  more  than  tliis, — it  is  well 
known  that  they  are  hanging  as  it  were  over  the  mouth  of  the  bottomless  pit. 

"  Their  life-blood  is  ebbing  at  a  fearful  rate,  and  their  souls  are  drifting 
madly  to  eternity.  Their  fate  is  certain ;  their  doom  impends :  and,  for  their 
death-bed,  there  is  not  even  the  faintest  glimmer  of  hope  which  charity  can 
bequeath  to  the  dying  sinner.  All  others  may  find  peace  at  last ;  but  these,  sud- 
denly overtaken  by  death,  and  perishing  in  and  hy  their  sins,  must  be  irrevocably 
lost.  And  who  are  they  on  whose  warm  vitals  the  '^  worm  feeds  sweetly,'  even  on 
this  side  the  grave,  and  around  whose  heads  the  unquenchable  fire  prematurely 
burns  ?  Who  are  those  whose  souls,  in  countless  numbers,  are  now  glutting  the 
chambers  of  hell?  Not  swarthy  Indians  nor  sable  Africans,  whose  deeds  of 
violence  and  superstition  have  spread  horror  and  astonishment  among  civilized 
nations,  but  delicately-nurtured  Saxon  women,  who  in  infancy  were  lovingly 
fondled  in  the  arms  of  Christian  mothers,  and  received  '  into  the  ark  of  Christ's 
Church  '  in  baptism,  before  a  praying  congregation ;  young  girls,  for  whom  pious 
sponsors  promised  that  they  should  be  '  virtuously  brought  up  to  lead  a  godly  and 
a  Christian  life,'  and  who,  in  the  faithful  discharge  of  this  promise,  were  trained  in 
om^  Sabbath-schools,  and  '  taken  to  the  Bishop  to  be  confirmed  by  him.'  They 
have  sung  the  same  hymns  which  we  now  sing ;  om'  congregational  melodies  are 
still  ftxmiliar  to  them.  They  have  read  the  same  Scriptures  which  we  now  read, 
worshipped  in  the  same  temple  in  which  we  assemble,  offered  up  the  same  prayers, 
listened  to  the  same  exhortations,  and  looked  forward  to  the  same  glorious  fruition 
of  future  blessedness.  But  where  are  they  nov/  ?  What  are  their  hopes  and 
expectations,  and  what  the  probable  end  of  their  existence  ?  Let  those  answer 
these  questions  who  sneeringly  ask  why  such  prodigious  efforts  are  made  to  rescue 
the  fallen. 

"  It  not  unfrequently  happens,  however,  that  the  benevolent  promoters  of  such 
schemes  are  perplexed  and  disheartened  by  those  who  assume  atone  of  expediency 
and  argue  thus  :  '  Yes,  it  is  all  very  true ;  and  we  can  sympathise  with  your 
efforts,  and  pity  the  poor  unhaj^py  objects  of  yom'  solicitude ;  but,  then,  this  is 
a  necessary  evil,  and  any  attempts  to  remove  it  are  altogether  mistaken,  and  are 
sure  to  end  in  failure,  or  to  produce  greater  mischief.  Besides,  the  demand  will 
always  create  the  supply,  and  for  every  fallen  woman  you  snatch  from  the  streets, 
an  innocent,  and  hitherto  virtuous  girl,  must  be  sacrificed.  No,  we  are  sorry 
for  them,  but  better  let  them  perish  than  save  them  at  the  sacrifice  of  other 
victims.' 

"  First  then,  this  is  a  '  necessary  evil.'  Falsehood  is  sufiiciently  patent  upon 
tlie  face  of  this  foolish  and  monstrous  assertion.  Could  the  Creator  have  pro- 
nounced his  work  '  very  good '  witli  such  an  inseparable  appendage  to  social  life  '? 
Again,  how  comes  it  that  a  '  necessary  evil '  only  exhibits  itself  in  certain  localities, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  FOOB,  xxxix 


and  under  particular  circumstances,  disappearing  altogether  in  uncivilized  coim- 
tries,  and  gatb--t'ing  strength  and  virulence  in  the  most  refined  states  of  society  ? 
Will  any  modern  philosopher  favoiu'  us  with  a  solution  of  this  difiiculty  ? 

But  '  the  demand  v/ill  always  create  the  supply.'  Inexorable  logic  apparently, 
and  incontrovertible  if  the  supply  were  limited  to  the  demand.  This,  however, 
we  deny.  Thousands  are  driven  to  prostitution  as  the  only  alternative  from 
starvation.  Necessity,  and  not  the  demand,  here  creates  the  supply,  and  it  is  well 
known  that  the  supply  suggests  the  demand.  Is,  then,  the  balance  of  vice  so  exact 
and  undeviating,  that  the  gap  occasioned  by  the  removal  of  one  victim  must  be 
speedily  filled  by  another  V  Is  the  equilibriimi  of  profligacy  so  nicely  adjusted, 
that  it  would  be  dangerous  to  assert  the  prerogative  of  virtue ;  and  shall  we  desire 
its  unha23py  votaries  to  continue  in  sin  that  virtue  may  abound  ?  Shall  we  drive 
back  anxious  souls,  striving  to  '  flee  from  the  wrath  to  come,'  with  the  cold- 
blooded assurance  that,  '  for  the  good  of  society,  they  had  better  remain  where 
they  are  ?'  Will  it  satisfy  an  immortal  spirit,  to  be  told  that  she  helps  to  maintain 
the  proper  equilibrium  of  vice  ;  or  that,  by  standing  in  the  gap,  she  is  a  benefactor 
to  the  innocent  of  her  own  sex,  who  would  otherwise  be  sacrificed  ?  Shall  we 
assign  as  om*  reason  for  not  preaching  the  Gospel  to  '  every  creature,'  that  the 
state  of  society  would  bo  mihinged  by  cm-tailing  a  necessary  evil,  or  that  greater 
injuries  would  result  from  any  attempt  to  rescue  perishing  souls  ?  Shall  we  mock 
Him  who  has  said  '  All  souls  are  mine,'  by  elevating  a  doctrine  of  human  expe- 
diency above  the  authority  of  a  distinct  command  ?  Let  us  bo  sure  that,  in  a  cp.se 
so  intimately  affecting  the  honour  and  glory  of  God,  to  'obey  is  better  than 
sacrifice,  and  to  hearken  than  the  fat  of  rams.'  In  vain  may  we  plead  political 
necessity  as  a  plausible  pretext  for  disobedience. 

"  We  are  not  afraid,  however,  to  meet  this  argument  on  philosophical  grounds ; 
and  we  affirm,  confidently,  that  the  rescue  of  every  fallen  v/oman  is  a  social  boon. 
Admitting  the  possibility  that,  eventually,  her  place  will  be  supplied  by  another— 
for  we  can  approach  no  nearer  to  the  truth — is  it  not  better  to  remove  a  present 
evil  than  to  provide  for  a  remote  contingency  ?  Supposing  that  in  the  long  vista 
of  future  years,  the  immolation  of  a  fresh  victim  is  the  price  of  every  individual 
rescue,  do  we  overlook  the  fact,  that  in  the  mean  time  a  pov/erful  temj)tation  is  re- 
moved, and  that  not  merely  units,  but  probably  hundreds,  of  the  young  of  the 
opposite  sex  are  delivered  from  the  toils  of  the  strange  woman  ?  Is  nothing- 
achieved  by  the  temporary  removal  of  one  tempter  from  the  streets,  and  is  society 
a  loser  in  the  end,  by  the  reformation  of  one  whose  sole  occupation  is  to  waylay 
and  ruin  the  youth  of  the  opposite  sex  ?  Let  our  moral  economists  escape  from 
this  dilemma  if  they  can ;  the  philanthropist  and  the  Christian  need  no  fiu-ther 
arguments  to  convince  them  that  they  have  not  only  the  law  of  God,  but  the  inex- 
orable logic  of  common  sense  on  their  side. 

".Who  can  tell  the  pestiferous  influence  exercised  on  society  by  one  single  fallen 
woman?  Who  can  calculate  the  evils  of  such  a  system?  Woman,  waylaid, 
tempted,  deceived,  becomes  in  turn  the  terrible  avenger  of  her  sex.  Armed  with 
a  power  which  is  all  but  irresistible,  and  stript  of  that  which  can  alone  restrain 
and  purify  her  influence,  she  steps  upon  the  arena  of  life  qualified  to  act  her  part 
in  the  reorganization  of  society.  The  lex  talionis— the  law  of  retaliation — is  hers. 
Society  has  made  her  what  she  is,  and  must  be  now  governed  by  her  potent 
influence.  ^  The  weight  of  this  influence  is  untold :  view  it  in  the  dissolution  of 
domestic  ties,  in  the  sacrifice  of  family  peace,  in  the  cold  desolation  of  promising- 
homes  ;  i  but,  above  all,  in  the  growth  of  practical  Atheism,  and  in  the  downward 
tendency  of  all  that  is  pure  and  holy  in  life !  One  and  another  who  has  been 
educated  in  an  atmosphere  redolent  of  virtue  and  principle,  and  has  given  promise 
of  high  and  noble  qualities,  falls  a  victim  to  the  prevalence  of  meretricious  allure- 
ments, and  carries  back  to  his  hitherto  untainted  home  the  noxious  influence  he 


xl 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


has  imbibed.  Anotber  and  another,  within  the  range  of  that  influence,  is  made 
to  suffer  for  his  sacrifice  of  moral  rectitude,  and  they,  in  their  tiv'n,  become  the 
agents,  and  the  originators  of  fresh  evils.  Who,  in  contemplating'  this  pedigree 
of  profligacy  resulting  from  a  solitary  temptation,  will  venture  to  af&rm  that  the 
temporary  withdrawal  of  a  single  prostitute  is  not  a  social  blessing  ?  Surely  for 
such  immediate  results  we  are  justified  in  dispensing  with  considerations  of  future 
expediency ;  and,  acting  upon  the  first  principles  of  Christian  ethics,  may  helji  to 
reform  the  vicious  and  profligate,  leaving  it  in  the  hands  of  a  merciful  God  to 
avert  the  contingency  of  ruin  overtaking  the  as  yet  uufallen  woman."* 

In  reference  to  all  such  Christian  efforts  to  reclaim  the  fallen,  it  has  been  truly 
said  that  "  You  may  ransack  the  world  for  objects  of  compassion.  You  may 
scorn'  the  eai*th  in  search  of  suffering  humanity,  on  which  to  exercise  yom*  philan- 
thropy ;  you  may  roam  the  countless  hospitals  and  asylums  of  this  vast  city ;  you 
may  penetrate  the  dens  and  caves  of  all  other  profligacy ;  you  may  lavish  your 
bounty  upon  a  transatlantic  famine,  or  dive  into  Neapolitan  dungeons,  or  scatter 
the  Bible  broadcast  throughout  the  great  moral  wildernesses  of  heathendom :  but 
in  all  the  million  claims  upon  your  faith,  upon  youi'  feeling  as  a  man,  upon  yom* 
benevolence  as  a  Christian,  you  will  never  fulfil  a  mission  dearer  to  Christ,  jovl 
Avill  never  promote  a  charity  more  congenial  to  the  spirit  of  this  gospel ;  you  will 
never  more  surely  wake  up  joy  in  heaven,  and  force  tears  into  the  eyes  of  sympa- 
thising angels,  than  when  you  can  bring  a  Magdalene  face  to  face  with  her  Ke- 
deemer,  and  thrill  her  poor  heart,  even  to  breaking,  with  the  plaintive  music  of 
that  divine  voice,  calling  her  by  name — ^Mary." 

*  "  Magdalen's  FrieucI,"  vol.  ii.  p.  131. 


LONDON     LABOUR 


AND   THE 


LONDON    POOR. 


THOSE   THAT  WILL  NOT  WORK. 


INTRODUCTION. 


I  ENTER  upon  this  part  of  my  subject  with 
a  deep  sense  of  the  misery,  the  vice,  the 
ignorance,  and  the  want  that  encompass  us 
on  every  side — I  enter  upon  it  after  much 
grave  attention  to  the  subject,  observing 
closely,  reflecting  patiently,  and  generaliz- 
ing cautiously  upon  the  phenomena  and 
causes  of  the  vice  and  crime  of  this  city — I 
enter  upon  it  after  a  thoughtful  study  of 
the  habits  and  character  of  the  "  outcast  " 
class  generally — I  enter  upon  it,  moreover, 
not  only  as  forming  an  integral  and  most 
important  part  of  the  task  I  have  imposed 
upon  myself,  but  from  a  wish  to  divest  the 
public  mind  of  certain  "  idols  "  of  the  plat- 
form and  conventicle — "  idols  "  peculiar  to 
our  own  time,  and  unknown  to  the  great 
Father  of  the  inductive  philosophy — and 
"  idols,"  too,  that  appear  to  me  greatly  to 
obstruct  a  proper  understanding  of  the 
subject.  Further,  I  am  led  to  believe  that 
I  can  contribute  some  new  facts  concerning 
the  physics  and  economy  of  vice  and  crime 
generally,  that  will  not  only  make  the 
solution  of  the  social  problem  more  easy  to 
us,  but,  setting  more  plainly  before  us  some 
of  its  latent  causes,  make  us  look  with 
more  pity  and  less  anger  on  those  who  want 
the  fortitude  to  resist  their  influence ;  and 
induce  us,  or  at  least  the  more  earnest 
among  us,  to  apply  ourselves  steadfastly  to 
the  removal  or  alleviation  of  those  social 
evils  that  appear  to  create  so  large  a  pro- 
portion of  the  vice  and  crime  that  we  seek 
by  punishment  to  prevent. 

Such  are  the  ultimate  objects  of  my 
present  labours :  the  result  of  them  is 
given  to  the  world  with  an  earnest  desire 
to  better  the  condition  of  the  wretched 
social   outcasts  of    whom  I  have  now   to 


treat,  and  to  contribute,    if  possible,  my 
mite  of  good  towards  the  common  weal. 

But  though  such  be  my  ultimate  object, 
let  me  here  confess  that  my  immediate  aim 
is  the  elimination  of  the  truth;  without 
this,  of  course,  all  other  principles  must 
be  sheer  sentimentality — sentiments  being, 
to  my  mind,  opinions  engendered  by  the 
feelings  rather  than  the  judgment.  The 
attainment  of  the  truth,  then,  will  be  my 
primary  aim  ;  but  by  the  truth,  I  wish  it 
to  be  understood,  I  mean  something  more 
than  the  bare  facts.  Facts,  according  to 
my  ideas,  are  merely  the  elements  of  truths, 
and  not  the  truths  themselves ;  of  all  mat- 
ters there  are  none  so  utterly  useless  by 
themselves  as  your  mere  matters  of  fact.  A 
fact,  so  long  as  it  remains  an  isolated  fact, 
is  a  dull,  dead,  uninformed  thing  ;  no  object 
nor  event  by  itself  can  possibly  give  us  any 
knowledge,  we  must  compare  it  with  some 
other,  even  to  distinguish  it ;  and  it  is  the 
distinctive  quality  thus  developed  that 
constitutes  the  essence  of  a  thing — that  is 
to  say,  the  point  by  which  we  cognize  and 
recognise  it  when  again  presented  to  us. 
A  fact  must  be  assimilated  with,  or  dis- 
criminated from,  some  other  fact  or  facts, 
in  order  to  be  raised  to  the  dignity  of  a 
truth,  and  made  to  convey  the  least  know- 
ledge to  the  mind.  To  say,  for  instance, 
that  in  the  year  1850  there  were  26,813 
criminal  offenders  in  England  and  Wales, 
is  merely  to  oppress  the  brain  with  the 
record  of  a  fact  that,  per  se,  is  so  much 
mental  lumber.  This  is  the  very  mum- 
mery of  statistics ;  of  what  rational  good 
can  such  information  by  itself  be  to  any 
person  ?  who  can  tell  whether  the  num- 
ber of  offenders  in  that  year  be  large  or 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


small,  unless  they  compare  it  with  the 
number  of  some  other  year,  or  in  some 
other  country  ?  but  to  do  this  will  require 
another  fact,  and  even  then  this  second 
fact  can  give  us  but  little  real  know- 
ledge. It  may  teach  us,  perhaps,  that  the 
past  year  was  more  or  less  criminal  than 
some  other  year,  or  that  the  people  of  this 
country,  in  that  year,  were  more  or  less 
disposed  to  the  infraction  of  the  laws  than 
some  other  people  abroad ;  still,  what  Avill 
all  this  avail  us  1  If  the  year  which  we 
select  to  contrast  criminaily  with  that  of 
1850  be  not  itself  compared  with  other 
years,  how  are  we  to  know  whether  the 
number  of  criminals  appertaining  to  it  be 
above  or  below  the  average  1  or,  in  other 
words,  how  can  the  one  be  made  a  measure 
of  the  other? 

To  give  the  least  mental  value  to  facts, 
therefore,  we  must  generalize  them,  that  is 
to  say,  we  must  contemplate  them  in  con- 
nection with  other  facts,  and  so  discover 
their  agreements  and  differences,  their  an- 
tecedents, concomitants,  and  consequences. 
It  is  true  we  may  frame  erroneous  and 
defective  theories  in  so  doing ;  we  may 
believe  things  which  are  similar  in  appear 
ance  to  be  similar  in  their  powers  and 
properties  also  ;  we  may  distinguish  be- 
tween things  having  no  real  difference  ; 
we  may  mistake  concomitant  events  for 
consequences  ;  we  may  generalize  with  too 
few  particulars,  and  hastily  infer  that  to 
be  common  to  all  which  is  but  the  special 
attribute  of  a  limited  number  ;  neverthe- 
less, if  theory  may  occasionally  teach  us 
wrongly,  facts  without  theory  or  gene- 
ralization cannot  possibly  teach  us  at  all. 
What  the  process  of  digestion  is  to  food, 
that  of  generalizing  is  to  fact  ;  for  as  it  is 
by  the  assimilation  of  the  substances  we 
eat  with  the  elements  of  our  bodies  that 
our  limbs  are  enlarged  and  our  wdiole 
frames  strengthened,  so  is  it  by  associating 
perception  with  perception  in  our  brains 
that  our  intellect  becomes  at  once  ex- 
panded and  invigorated.  Contrary  to  the 
vulgar  notion,  theory,  that  is  to  say,  theory 
in  its  true  Baconian  sense,  is  not  opposed 
to  fact,  but  consists  rather  of  a  large  col- 
lection of  facts  ;  it  is  not  true  of  this  or 
that  thing  alone,  but  of  all  things  belong- 
ing to  the  same  class — in  a  word,  it  consists 
not  of  one  fact  but  an  infinity.  The  theory 
of  gravitation,  for  instance,  expresses  not 
only  what  occurs  when  a  stone  falls  to  the 
earth,  but  when  every  other  body  does  the 
same  thing  ;  it  expresses,  moreover,  what 
takes  place  in  the  revolution  of  the  moon 
round  our  planet,  and  in  the  revolution  of 
our  planet  and  of  all   the  other   planets 


round  our  sun,  and  of  all  other  suns  round 
the  centre  of  the  universe  ;  in  fine,  it  is 
true  not  of  one  thing  merely,  but  of  every 
material  object  in  the  entire  range  of 
creation. 

There  are,  of  course,  two  methods  of 
dealing  philosophically  with  every  subject 
— deductively  and  inductively.  We  may 
either  proceed  from  principles  to  facts,  cr 
recede  from  facts  to  principles.  The  one 
explains,  the  other  investigates ;  the  former 
applies  known  general  rules  to  the  com- 
prehension of  particular  phenomena,  and 
the  latter  classifies  the  particular  pheno- 
mena, so  that  we  may  ultimately  come  to 
comprehend  their  unknown  general  rules. 
The  deductive  method  is  the  mode  of  nsing 
knowledge,  and  the  inductive  method  the 
mode  of  acquiring  it. 

In  a  subject  like  the  crime  and  vice  of 
the  metropolis,  and  the  country  in  general, 
of  which  so  little  is  known  —  of  which 
there  are  so  many  facts,  but  so  little  com- 
prehension— it  is  evident  that  we  must 
seek  by  induction,  that  is  to  say,  by  a 
careful  classification  of  the  known  phe- 
nomena, to  render  the  matter  more  intel- 
ligible; in  fine,  we  must,  in  order  to  arrive 
at  a  comprehensive  knowledge  of  its  ante- 
cedents, consequences,  and  concomitants, 
contemplate  as  large  a  number  of  facts  as 
possible  in  as  many  different  relations  as 
the  statistical  records  of  the  country  will 
admit  of  our  doing. 

With  this  brief  preamble  I  will  proceed 
to  treat  generally  of  the  class  that  will 
not  work,  and  then  particularly  of  that 
portion  of  them  termed  prostitutes.  But, 
first,  who  are  those  that  loill  work,  and 
Y/ho  those  that  will  not  work  ?  This  is 
the  primary  point  to  be  evolved. 

Of  the  Woekers  and  Non- Workers. 

The  essential  quality  of  an  animal  is  that 
it  seeks  its  own  living,  whereas  a  vegetable 
has  its  living  brought  to  it.  An  animal 
cannot  stick  its  feet  in  the  ground  and 
suck  up  the  inorganic  elements  of  its  body 
from  the  soil,  nor  drink  in  the  organic 
elements  from  the  atmosphere.  The  leaves 
of  plants  are  not  only  their  hmgs  but  their 
stomachs.  As  tJiey  breathe  they  acquire 
food  and  strength,  but  as  animals  breathe 
they  gradually  waste  away.  The  carbon 
which  is  secreted  by  the  process  of  respira- 
tion in  the  vegetable  is  excreted  by  the 
very  same  process  in  the  animal.  Hence  a 
fret^h  supply  of  carbonaceous  matter  must 
be  sought  after  and  obtained  at  frequent 
intervals,  in  order  to  repair  the  continual 
waste  of  animal  life. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


But  in  the  act  of  seeking  for  substances 
fitted  to  replace  that  which  is  lost  in  re- 
spiration, nerves  must  be  excited  and 
muscles  moved  ;  and  recent  discoveries 
have  shown  that  such  excitation  and  mo- 
tion are  attended  with  decomposition  of 
the  organs  in  which  thej  occur.  Muscular 
action  gives  rise  to  the  destruction  of  mus- 
cular tissue,  nervous  action  to  a  change  in 
the  nervous  matter ;  and  this  destruction 
and  decomposition  necessarily  involve  a 
fresh  supply  of  nitrogenous  matter,  in  order 
that  the  loss  may  be  repaired. 

l^oyf  a  tree,  being  inactive,  has  little  or 
no  waste.  All  the  food  that  it  obtains  goes 
to  the  invigoration  of  its  frame  ;  not  one 
atom  is  destroyed  in  seeking  more  :  but  the 
essential  condition  of  animal  life  is  muscu- 
lar action  ;  the  essential  condition  of  mus- 
cular action  is  the  destruction  of  muscular 
tissue  ;  and  the  essential  condition  of  the 
destruction  of  muscular  tissue  is  a  supply 
of  food  fitted  for  the  reformation  of  it,  or — 
death.  It  is  impossible  for  an  animal — like 
a  vegetable — to  stand  still  and  not  destroy. 
If  the  limbs  are  not  moving,  the  heart  is 
beating,  the  lungs  playing,  the  bosom  heav- 
ing. Hence  an  animal,  in  order  to  continue 
its  existence,  must  obtain  its  subsistence 
either  by  its  own  exertions  or  by  those  of 
others — in  a  word,  it  must  be  autohious  or 
allohious. 

The  procuration  of  sustenance,  then,  is  the 
necessary  condition  of  animal  life,  and  con- 
stitutes the  sole  apparent  reason  for  the 
addition  of  the  locomotive  apparatus  to  the 
vegetative  functions  of  sentient  nature  ; 
but  the  faculties  of  comparison  and  volition 
have  been  further  added  to  the  animal 
nature  of  Man,  in  order  to  enable  him, 
among  other  things,  the  better  to  gratify 
his  wants — to  give  him  such  a  mastery 
over  the  elements  of  material  nature,  that 
he  may  force  the  external  world  the  more 
readily  to  contribute  to  his  support.  Hence 
the  derangement  of  either  one  of  those  func- 
tions must  degrade  the  human  being — as 
regards  his  means  of  sustenance — to  the 
level  of  the  brute.  If  his  intellect  be  im- 
paired, and  the  faculty  of  perceiving  "  the 
iitness  of  things  "  be  consequently  lost  to 
him — or,  this  being  sound,  if  the  power  of 
moving  his  muscles  in  compliance  with  his 
will  be  deficient — then  the  individual  be- 
comes no  longer  capable,  like  his  fellows, 
of  continuing  his  existence  by  his  own 
exertions. 

Hence,  in  every  state,  we  have  two  ex- 
tensive causes  of  allobiism,  or  living  by 
the  labour  of  others ;  the  one  intellectual, 
as  in  the  case  of  lunatics  and  idiots,  and 
the  other  physical,  as  in  the  case  of  the  in- 


firm, the  crippled,  and  the  maimed — the 
old  and  the  young. 

But  a  third,  and  a  more  extensive  class, 
still  remains  to  be  particularized.  The 
members  of  every  community  may  be 
divided  into  the  energetic  and  the  an-ergetic; 
that  is  to  say,  into  the  hardworking  and 
the  non-working,  the  industrious  and  the 
indolent  classes  ;  the  distinguishing  cha- 
racteristic of  the  anergetic  being  the  ex- 
treme irksomeness  of  all  labour  to  them, 
and  their  consequent  indisposition  to  work 
for  their  subsistence.  Now,  in  the  cir- 
cumstances above  enumerated,  we  have 
three  capital  causes  why,  in  every  State,  a 
certain  portion  of  the  community  must 
derive  their  subsistence  from  the  exertions 
of  the  rest ;  the  first  proceeds  from  some ;^/i?/- 
sical  defect,  as  in  the  case  of  the  old  and 
the  young,  the  super-annuafced  andthesub- 
annuated,  the  crippled  and  the  maimed; 
the  second  from  some  intellectual  defect,  as 
in  the  case  of  lunatics  and  idiots  ;  and  the 
third  from  some  moral  defect,  as  in  the  case 
of  the  indolent,  the  vagrant,  the  profes- 
sional mendicant,  and  the  criminal.  In  all 
civilized  countries,  there  will  necessarily 
be  a  greater  or  less  number  of  human 
parasites  living  on  the  sustenance  of  their 
fellows.  The  industrious  must  labour  to 
support  the  lazy,  and  the  sane  to  keep  the 
insane,  and  the  able-bodied  to  maintain 
the  infirm. 

Still,  to  complete  the  social  fabric, 
another  class  requires  to  be  specified.  As 
yet,  regard  has  been  paid  only  to  those 
who  must  needs  labour  for  their  living, 
or  who,  in  default  of  so  doing,  must  prey  on 
the  proceeds  of  the  industry  of  their  more 
active  or  more  stalwart  brethren.  There  is, 
however,  in  all  civilized  society,  a  farther 
portion  of  the  people  distinct  from  either  of 
those  above  mentioned,  who,  being  already 
provided — no  matter  how — with  a  sufiicient 
stock  of  sustenance,  or  what  will  exchange 
for  such,  have  no  occasion  to  toil  for  an 
additional  supply. 

Hence  all  society  would  appear  to  ar- 
range itself  into  four  dififerent  classes : — 

I.  Those  that  Will  Work. 
II.  Those  that  Cannot  Work. 

III.  Those  that  Will  Not  Work. 

IV.  Those  that  Need  Not  Work. 

Under  one  or  other  section  of  this  quad- 
ruple division,  every  member,  not  only  of 
our  community,  but  of  every  other  civilized 
State,  must  necessarily  be  included;  the 
rich,  the  poor,  the  industrious,  the  idle,  the 
honest,  the  dishonest,  the  virtuous,  and  the 
vicious — each  and  all  must  be  comprised 
therein. 


iJ  2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Let  me  now  proceed  specially  to  treat  of 
each  of  these  classes — to  distribute  under  one 
or  other  of  these  four  categories  the  diverse 
modes  of  living  peculiar  to  the  members  of 
our  own  community,  and  so  to  enunciate, 
for  the  first  time,  the  natural  history,  as  it 
were,  of  the  industry  and  idleness  of  Great 
Britain  in  the  nineteenth  century. 

It  is  no  easy  matter,  however,  to  classify 
the  diilerent  kinds  of  labour  scientifically. 
To  arrange  the  several  varieties  of  work 
into  "  orders,"  and  to  group  the  manifold 
species  of  arts  under  a  few  comprehensive 
genera — so  that  the  mind  may  grasp  the 
whole  at  one  efibrt — is  a  task  of  a  most 
perplexing  character.  Moreover,  the  first 
attempt  to  bring  any  number  of  diverse 
phenomena  within  the  rules  of  logical  divi- 
sion is  not  only  a  matter  of  considerable 
difficulty,  but  one,  unfortunately,  that  is 
generally  unsuccessful.  It  is  impossible, 
however,  to  proceed  with  the  present  in- 
quiry without  making  some  attempt  at  sys- 
tematic arrangement;  for  of  all  scientific 
processes,  the  classification  of  the  various 
phenomena,  in  connection  with  a  given 
subject,  is  perhaps  the  most  important; 
indeed,  if  we  consider  that  the  function  of 
cognition  is  essentially  discriminative,  it 
is  evident,  that  without  distinguishing 
between  one  object  and  another,  there  can 
be  no  knowledge,  nor,  indeed,  any  percep- 
tion. Even  as  the  seizing  of  a  particular 
difierence  causes  the  mind  to  apprehend  the 
special  character  of  an  object,  so  does  the 
discovery  of  the  agreements  and  difi'erences 
among  the  several  phenomena  of  a  subject 
enable  the  understanding  to  comprehend  it. 
What  the  generalization  of  events  is  to  the 
ascertainment  of  natural  laws,  the  gene- 
ralization of  things  is  to  the  discovery  of 
natural  systems.  But  classification  is  no 
less  dangerous  than  it  is  important  to 
science ;  for  in  precisely  the  same  propor- 
tion as  a  correct  grouping  of  objects  into 
genera  and  species,  orders  and  varieties, 
expands  and  assists  our  understanding,  so 
does  any  erroneous  arrangement  cripple 
and  retard  all  true  knowledge.  The  re- 
duction of  all  external  substances  into 
four  elements  by  the  ancients — earth,  air, 
fire,  and  water — perhaps  did  more  to  ob- 
struct the  progress  of  chemical  science  than 
even  a  prohibition  of  the  study  could  have 
efiected. 

But  the  branches  of  industry  are  so 
multifarious,  the  divisions  of  labour  so 
minute  and  manifold,  that  it  seems  at  first 
almost  impossible  to  reduce  them  to  any 
system.  Moreover,  the  crude  generaliza- 
tions expressed  in  the  names  of  the  several 
arts,  render  the  subjectstill  more  perplexing. 


Some  kinds  of  workmen,  for  example,  are 
called  after  the  articles  they  make — as  sad- 
dlers, hatters,  boot-makers,  dress-makers, 
breeches-makers,  stay-makers,  lace-makers, 
button-makers,  glovers,  cabinet-makers, 
artificial-flower-makers,ship-builders,organ- 
builders,  boat-builders,  nailers,  pin-makers, 
basket-makers,  pump-makers,  clock  and 
watch  makers,  wheel-wrights,  ship-wrights, 
and  so  forth. 

Some  operatives,  on  the  other  hand,  take 
their  names  not  from  what  they  make,  but 
from  the  kind  of  work  they  perform.  Hence 
we  have  carvers,  joiners,  bricklayers,  weav- 
ers, knitters,  engravers,  embroiderers,  tan- 
ners, curriers,  bleachers,  thatchers,  lime- 
burners,  glass-blowers,  seamstresses,  assay- 
ers,  refiners,  embossers,  chasers,  painters, 
paper-hangers,  printers,  book-binders,  cab- 
drivers,  fishermen,  graziers,  and  so  on. 

Other  artizans,  again,  are  styled  after 
the  materials  upon  which  tliey  work,  such  as 
tinmen,  jewellers,  lapidaries,  goldsmiths, 
braziers,  plumbers,  pewterers,  glaziers,  <fcc. 
<fec. 

And  lastly,  a  few  operatives  are  named 
after  the  tools  they  use;  thus  we  have 
ploughmen,  sawyers,  and  needlewomen. 

But  these  divisions,  it  is  evident,  are  as 
unscientific  as  they  are  arbitrary;  nor 
would  it  be  possible,  by  adopting  such  a 
classification,  to  arrive  at  any  practical 
result. 

Now,  I  had  hoped  to  have  derived  some 
little  assistance  in  my  attempt  to  reduce 
the  several  varieties  of  work  to  system  from 
the  arrangement  of  the  products  of  industry 
and  art  at  "  the  Great  Exhibition,"  I  knew, 
however,  that  the  point  of  classification 
had  proved  the  great  stumbling  block  to  the 
French  Industrial  Exhibitions.  In  the  Expo- 
sition of  the  Arts  and  Manufactures  of  France 
in  1806,  for  instance,  M.  Costaz  adopted  a 
topographical  arrangement,  according  to 
the  departments  of  the  kingdom  whence  the 
specimens  were  sent.  In  1819,  again,  find- 
ing the  previous  arrangement  conveyed 
little  or  no  knowledge,  depending,  as  it 
did,  on  the  mere  local  association  of  the 
places  of  manufacture,  the  same  philo- 
sopher attempted  to  classify  all  arts  into 
a  sort  of  natural  system,  but  the  separate 
divisions  amounted  to  thirty-nine,  and 
were  found  to  be  confused  and  inconve- 
nient. In  1827  M.  Payon  adopted  a 
classification  into  five  great  divisions,  ar- 
ranging the  arts  according  as  they  are 
chemical,  mechanical,  physical,  economical, 
or  "miscellaneous"  in  their  nature.  It 
was  found,  however,  in  practice,  that  two, 
or  even  three,  of  these  characteristics  often 
belonged  to   the  same   manufacture.      In 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


1834  M.  Dupin  proposed  a  classification 
that  was  found  to  work  better  than  any 
which  preceded  it.  He  viewed  man  as  a 
locomotive  animal,  a  clothed  animal,  a 
domiciled  animal,  &c.,  and  thus  tracing 
him  through  his  various  daily  wants  and 
employments,  he  arrived  at  a  classification 
in  which  all  arts  are  placed  under  nine 
headings,  according  as  they  contribute  to 
the  alimentary,  sanitary,  vestiary,  domi- 
ciliary, locomotive,  sensitive,  intellectual, 
preparative,  or  social  tendencies  of  man. 
In  1844  and  1849  attempts  were  made 
towards  an  eclectic  combination  of  two  or 
three  of  the  above-mentioned  systems,  but 
it  does  not  appear  that  the  latter  arrange- 
ments presented  any  marked  advantages. 

Kow,  with  all  the  experience  of  the 
French  nation  to  guide  us,  I  naturally 
expected  that  especial  attention  would  be 
directed  towards  the  point  of  classifica- 
tion with  us,  and  that  a  technological 
system  would  be  propounded,  which  would 
be  found  at  least  an  improvement  on  the 
bungling  systems  of  the  French.  It  must 
be  confessed,  however,  that  no  nation  could 
possibl »  have  stultified  itself  so  egregiously 
as  we  have  done  in  this  respect.  Never 
was  there  anything  half  so  puerile  as  the 
classification  of  the  works  of  industry  in 
our  own  Exhibition  ! 

But  this  comes  of  the  patronage  of 
Princes  ;  for  we  are  told  that  at  one  of  the 
earliest  meetings  at  Buckingham  Palace 
his  Royal  Highness  propoimded  the  system 
of  classification  according  to  which  the 
works  of  industry  were  to  he  arranged. 
The  published  minutes  of  the  meeting  on 
the  30th  of  June,  1849,  inform  us — 

"  His  Royal  Highness  communicated  his 
views  regarding  the  formation  of  a  Great 
Collection  of  Works  of  Industry  and  Art 
in  London  in  1851,  for  the  purposes  of  ex- 
hibition, and  of  competition  and  encourage- 
ment. His  Royal  Highness  considered  that 
such  a  collection  and  exhibition  should 
consist  of  the  following  divisions  : — 

Raw  Materials. 

Machinery  and  Mechanical  Inventions. 

Manufactures. 

Sculpture  and  Plastic  Art  generally." 

Now,  were  it  possible  for  monarchs  to  do 
with  natural  laws  as  with  social  ones, 
namely,  to  blow  a  trumpet  and  declaring 
"  le  roi  le  veut^''  to  have  their  will  pass 
into  one  of  the  statutes  of  creation,  it  might 
be  advantageous  to  science  that  Princes 
.''hould  seek  to  lay  doAvn  orders  of  arrange- 
ment and  propound  systems  of  classification. 
But  seeing  that  Science  is  as  pure  a  repub- 
lic as  Letters,  and  that  there  are  no  "  High- 
nesses "  in  philosophy — for  if  there  be  any 


aristocracy  at  all  in  such  matters,  it  is  at 
least  an  aristocracy  of  intellect  —  it  is 
rather  an  injury  than  a  benefit  that  those 
who  are  high  in  authority  should  interfere 
in  these  afl'airs  at  all  ;  since,  from  the  very 
circumstances  of  their  position  it  is  utterly 
impossible  for  them  to  arrive  at  anything 
more  than  the  merest  surface  knowledge  on 
such  subjects.  The  influence,  too,  that  their 
mere  "  authority  "  has  over  men's  minds 
is  directly  opposed  to  the  perception  of 
truth,  preventing  that  free  and  independent 
exercise  of  the  intellect  from  which  alone 
all  discovery  and  knowledge  can  proceed. 

Judging  the  quadruple  arrangement  of 
the  Great  Exhibition  by  the  laws  of  logical 
division,  we  find  that  the  three  classes — Raw 
Materials,  Machinery,  and  Manufactures — 
which  refer  more  particularly  to  the  Works 
of  Industry,  are  neither  distinct  nor  do 
they  include  the  whole.  What  is  a  raw 
material,  and  what  a  manufacture  ?  It  is 
from  the  difficulty  of  di  stinguishing  between 
these  two  conditions  that  leather  is  placed  • 
under  Manufactures,  and  steel  under  Raw 
Materials — though  surely  steel  is  iron  plus 
carbon,  and  leather  skin  'plus  tannin;  so 
that,  technologically  considered,  there  is 
no  diflference  between  them.  If  by  the 
term  raw  material  is  meant  some  natural 
product  in  its  crude  state,  then  it  is  evident 
that  "  Geological  maps,  plans,  and  sections  ; 
prussiate  of  potash,  and  other  mixed  che- 
mical manufactures  ;  sulphuric,  muriatic, 
nitric,  and  other  acids  ;  medicinal  tinctures, 
cod  liver  oil,  dried  fruits,  fermented  liquors 
and  spirits,  preserved  meats,  portable  soups, 
glue,  and  the  alloys  "  cannot  possibly  rank 
as  raio  materials,  though  one  and  all  of 
these  articles  are  to  be  found  so  "clas- 
sified "  at  the  Great  Exhibition  ;  but  if 
the  meaning  of  a  "  rav^-^  material "  be  ex- 
tended to  any  product  which  constitutes 
the  substance  to  be  operated  upon  in  an 
industrial  art,  then  the  answer  is  that 
leather,  which  is  the  material  of  shoes 
and  harness,  is  no  more  a  manufacture 
than  steel,  which  is  placed  among  the 
raw  materials,  because  forming  the  con- 
stituent substance  of  cutlery  and  tools. 
So  interlinked  are  the  various  arts  and 
manufactures,  that  what  is  the  product 
of  one  process  of  industry  is  the  material 
of  another — thus,  yarn  is  the  product  of 
spinning,  and  the  material  of  weaving,  and 
in  the  same  manner  the  cloth,  which  is  the 
product  of  weaving,  becomes  the  material 
of  tailoring. 

But  a  still  greater  blunder  than  the  non- 
distinction  between  products  and  materials 
lies  in  the  confounding  of  processes  with 
frodiLcts.     In  an  Industrial  Exhibition  to 


6 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


reserve  no  special  place  for  the  processes 
of  industry  is  very  much  like  the  play  of 
Hamlet  with  the  part  of  Hamlet  omitted  ; 
and  yet  it  is  evident  that,  in  the  quadruple 
arrangement  before  mentioned,  those  most 
important  industrial  operations  which  con- 
sist merely  in  arriving  at  the  same  result 
by  simpler  means — as,  for  instance,  the  hot 
blast  in  metallurgical  operations — can  find 
no  distinct  expression.  The  consequence 
is  that  methods  of  work  are  arranged 
under  the  same  head  as  the  work  itself; 
and  the  "Executive"  have  been  obliged 
to  group  under  the  first  subdivision  of 
R£iw  Materials  the  following  inconsistent 
jumble: — Salt  deposits  ;  ventilation  ;  safety 
lamps  and  other  methods  of  lighting  ;  me- 
thods of  lowering  and  raising  miners,  and 
draining  ;  methods  of  roasting,  smelting, 
or  otherwise  reducing  ores  ;  while  under 
the  second  subdivision  of  Raw  Materials 
chemical  and  pharmaceutical  processes  and 
products  are  indiscriminately  confounded. 

Another  most  important  defect  is  the 
omission  of  all  mention  of  those  industrial 
processes  which  have  no  special  or  distinct 
^rroducts  of  their  own,  but  which  are  rather 
engaged  in  adding  to  the  beaut?/  or  dura- 
hility  of  others ;  as,  for  instance,  the  bleach- 
ing of  some  textile  fabrics,  the  embroider- 
ing of  others,  the  dyeing  and  printing  of 
others  ;  the  binding  of  books  ;  the  cutting 
of  glass  ;  the  painting  of  china,  (fee.  From 
the  v/ant  of  an  express  division  for  this 
large  portion  of  our  industrial  arts,  there 
is  a  jumbling  and  a  bungling  throughout 
the  whole  arrangement.  Under  the  head 
of  manufactures  are  grouped  printing  and 
bookbinding,  the  "  dyeing  of  woollen,  cot-' 
ton,  and  linen  goods,"  "embroidery,  fancy, 
and  industrial  work,"  the  cutting  and  en- 
graving of  glass  ;  and,  lastly,  the  art  of 
"  decoration  generally,"  including  "  orna- 
mental, coloured  decoration,"  and  the  "imi- 
tations of  woods,  marbles,  (fee," — though 
surely  these  are  one  and  all  additions 
to  manufactures  rather  than  manufactures 
themselves.  Indeed,  a  more  extraordinary 
and  unscientific  hotch-potch  than  the  en- 
tire arrangement  has  never  been  submitted 
to  public  criticism  and  public  ridicule. 

Amid  all  this  confusion  and  perplexity, 
then,  how  are  we  to  ])rocced  ?  Why,  Ave 
must  direct  our  attention  to  some  more 
judicious  and  more  experienced  guide.  In 
such  matters,  at  least,  as  the  Exposition  of 
the  Science  of  Labour,  it  is  clear  that  we 
must  "put  not  our  trust  in  i)rinces." 

That  Prince  Albert  has  conferred  a  great 
boon  on  the  country  in  the  establishment 
of  the  Great  Exhibition  (for  it  is  due  not 
only  to  his  patronage  but  to  his  own  per- 


sonal exertions),  no  unprejudiced  mind  can 
for  a  moment  doubt ;  and  that  he  has,  ever 
since  his  first  coming  among  us,  filled  a 
most  delicate  office  in  the  State  in  a  highly 
decorous  and  commendable  manner,  avoid- 
ing all  political  partizanship,  and  being 
ever  ready  to  give  the  influence  of  his 
patronage,  and,  indeed,  co-operation,  to 
anything  that  appeared  to  promise  an  ame- 
lioration of  the  condition  of  the  working 
classes  of  this  country,  I  am  most  glad  to 
have  it  in  my  power  to  bear  witness  ;  but 
that,  lecause  of  this,  we  should  pin  our  faith 
to  a  "hasty  generalization"  propounded  by 
him,  would  be  to  render  ourselves  at  once 
silly  and  servile. 

If,  with  the  view  of  obtaining  some  more 
precise  information  concerning  the  several 
branches  of  industry,  we  turn  our  attention 
to  the  Government  analysis  of  the  different 
modes  of  employment  among  the  people, 
we  shall  find  that  for  all  purposes  of  a 
scientific  or  definite  character  the  Occupa- 
tion Abstract  of  the  Census  of  this  country 
is  comparatively  useless.  Previous  to  1841, 
the  sole  attempt  made  at  generalization 
was  the  division  of  the  entire  industrial 
community  into  three  orders,  viz. : — 

I.  Those  employed  in  Agricidture. 

1.  Agricultural  Occupiers. 

a.  Employing  Labourers. 
h.  Not  employing  Labourers. 

2.  A2;ricultural  Labourers. 

Those  employed  in  Manufactures. 

1.  Employed  in  Manufactures, 

2.  Employed  in  making  Manufacturing 
Machinery. 

All  other  Cla>ises. 

1.  Employed  in  Retail  Trade  or  in 
Handicraft,  as  Masters  or  Work- 
men. 

2.  Capitalists,  Bankers,  Professional, 
and  other  educated  men. 

3.  Labourers  employed  in  labour  not 
Agricultural  —  as   Miners,   Quar- 


11. 


IIL 


4. 


riers,  Fishermen,  Porters,  (fee. 


Male  Servants. 
5.  Other  Males,  20  years  of  age. 
The  defects  of  this  arrangement  must  be 
self-evident  to  all  who  have  paid  the  least 
attention  to  economical  science.  It  ofienJs 
against  both  the  laws  of  logical  division, 
the  parts  being  neither  distinct  nor  equal 
to  the  whole.  In  the  first  place,  what  is 
a  manufacturer  1  and  how  is  such  an  one 
to  be  distinguished  from  one  employed  in 
handicraft  ?  How  do  the  workers  in  metal, 
as  the  "  tin  manufacturers,"  "  lead  manu- 
facturers," "iron  manufacturers  " — who 
are  one  and  all  classed  under  the  head  of 
manufacturers  —  differ,   in  an   economical 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


point  of  view,  from  the  workers  in  wood,  as 
the    carpenters    and  joiners,  the  cabinet- 
makers,   ship-builders,    <fcc.,   who    are     all 
classed  under  the  head  of  handicraftsmen  1 
Again,  according  to  the  census  of  1831,  a 
brewer  is  placed  among  those  employed  in 
retail  trade  or  in  handicrafts,  while  a  vine- 
gar maker  is  ranked  with  the  manufacturers. 
According  to  Mr.  Babbage,  ^nanufacturing 
differs  from  mere    Qnaking  simply  in   the 
quantity  produced — he  being  a  manufac- 
turer who  makes  a  greater  number  of  the 
same  articles  ;  manufacturing  is  thus  sim- 
ply production  in  a  large  way,  in  connec- 
tion with  the  several  handicrafts.     Dr.  Ure, 
however,  appears  to  consider  such  articles 
manufactures  as  are  produced   by  means 
of  machinery,  citing  the  word  which  ori- 
ginally signified  production  by  hand  (being 
the  Latin  equivalent  for  the  Saxon  handi- 
craft) as  an  instance  of  those  singular  ver- 
bal  corruptions   by  which  terms  come  to 
stand  for  the  very  opposite  to  their  literal 
meaning.     But  with  all  deference  to  the 
Doctor,  for   whose  judgment   I   have   the 
highest  respect,  Mr.  Babbage's  definition 
of  a  manufacturer,  viz.,  as  a  producer  on  a 
large  scale,  appears  to  me  the  more  correct ; 
for  it  is  in  this  sense    that  we  speak  of 
manufacturing    chemists,   boot    and    shoe 
manufacturers,  ginger-beer  manufacturers, 
and  the  like. 

The  Occupation  Abstract  of  the  Census 
of  1841,  though  far  more  comprehensive 
than  the  one  preceding  it,  is  equally  un- 
satisfactory and  unphilosophical.  In 
this  document  the  several  members  of 
Society  are  thus  classified  : — 

I.  Persons  engaged  in  Commerce,  Trade, 
ami  Manufacture. 

II.  Agricidture. 

III.  Labour,  not  Agricultural. 

IV.  Army  and  Navy  Merchant  Sear,un, 
Fishermen,  and  Watermen. 

V.  Professions  and  other  "pursuits  requir- 
ing education. 

VI.  Government,  Civil  Service,  and  Muni- 
cipal and  Parochial  Officers. 
VII.  Domestic  Servants. 
VIII.  Persons  of  Independent  Means. 
IX.  Almspeople,  Pensioners,  Paupers,  Lu- 
natics, and  Prisoners. 
X.  Remainder  of  Population,  including 
Women  and  Children. 

Here  it  will  be  seen  that  the  defects  arising 
from  drawing  distinctions  where  no  real  di£ 
ferences  exist,  are  avoided,  those  engaged  in 
handicrafts  being  included  under  the' same 
head  as  those  engaged  in  manufacture  :  but 


the  equally  grave   error  of  confounding  or 
grouping  together  occupations  which  are 
essentially  diverse,  is  allowed  to  continue. 
Accordingly,  the  first  division  is  made  to  in- 
clude those  who  are  engaged  in  trade  and 
commerce  as  well  as  manufacture,  though 
surely — the  one  belongs  strictly  to  the  dis- 
tributing, and  the  other  to  the  producing 
class — occupations     which    are    not    only 
essentially    distinct,     but    of   which  it  is 
absolutely   necessary   for   a  right    under- 
standing of  the  state  of  the  country  that 
we  know  the  proportion  that  the  one  bears 
to  the  other.     Again,  the  employers  in  both 
cases  are  confounded  with  the  employed,  so 
that,  though  the  capitalists  who  supply  the 
materials,  and  pay  the  wages  for  the  several 
kinds  of  work  are  a  distinct  body  of  people 
from  those  whoa'o  the  work,  and  a  body,  more- 
over, that  it  is  of  the  highest  possible  import- 
ance, in  an  economical  point  of  view,  that 
we  should  be  able  to  estimate  numerically, — 
no  attempt  is  made  to  discriminate  the  one 
from  the  other.  Now  these  three  classes,  dis- 
tributors, employers,  and  operatives,  which 
in  the  Government  returns  of  the  people 
are  jumbled  together  m  one  heterogeneous 
crowd,  as  if  the  distinctions  between  Capital, 
Labour,  and  Distribution  had   never  been 
propounded,  are  precisely  those  concerning 
which  the  social  inquirer  desires  the  most 
minute  information. 

The  Irish  census  is  differently  arranged 
from  that  of  Great  Britain.  There  the 
several  classes  are  grouped  under  the  fol- 
lowing heads : — 

I.  Ministering  to  Food. 

1.  As  Producers. 

2.  As  Preparers. 

3.  As  Distributors. 

II.  Ministering  to  Clothing. 

1.  As  Manufacturers  of  jMaterials. 

2.  As  Handicraftsmen  and  Dealers. 
in.  Ministering  to  Lodging,  Furniture^ 

Machinery,  S^c. 
IV.  Ministering  to  Health. 

V.  Ministering  to  Charity. 
VI.  Ministering  to  Justice. 
VII.  Ministering  to  Education. 
VIII.  Ministering  to  Religion. 
IX.    Various  Arts    and  Employments, 

not  included  in  the  foregoing. 
X.  R£sidue  of  Population,  not  having 
specified   occupations,   and   in- 
cludingunemployed  persons  and 
women. 

This,  however,  is  no  improvement  upon 
the  English  classification.  There  is  the  same 
want  of  discrimination,  and  the  same  dis- 


8 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


regard  of  the  great  "economical"  divisions 
of  society. 

Moreover,  to  show  the  extreme  fallacy  of 
such  a  classification,  it  is  only  necessary  to 
make  the  following  extract  from  the  Report 
of  the  Commissioners  for  Great  Britain : — 
"  AVe  would  willingly  have  given  a  clas- 
sification of  the  occupations  of  the  inhabit- 
ants of  Great  Britain  into  the  various  wants 
to  which  they  respectively  minister,  but,  in 
attempting  this,  we  were  stopped  by  the 
various  anomalies  and  uncertainties  to 
which  such  a  classification  seemed  necessa- 
rily to  lead,  from  the  fact  that  many  per- 
sons supply  more  than  one  want,  though 
they  can  only  be  classed  under  one  head. 
Thus  to  give  but  a  single  instance — the 
farmer  and  grazier  raay  he  deemed  to  minister 
quite  as  much  to  clothing  hy  the  fleece  and 
hides  as  he  does  to  food  by  tJie  flesh  of  his 
sheejj  and  cattle.'''' 

lie,  therefore,  who  would  seek  to  elabo- 
rate the  natural  history  of  the  industry  of 
the  people  of  England,  must  direct  his  at- 
tention to  some  social  philosopher,  who 
has  given  the  subject  more  consider- 
ation than  either  princes  or  Government 
officials  can  possibly  be  expected  to  devote 
to  it.  Among  the  whole  body  of  economists, 
Mr.  Stuart  Mill  appears  to  be  the  only  man 
who  has  taken  a  comprehensive  and  en- 
lightened view  of  the  several  functions  of 
society.  Following  in  the  footsteps  of  M. 
Say,  the  French  social  philosopher,  he  first 
points  out  concerning  the  products  of  in- 
dustry, that  labour  is  not  creative  of  objects 
but  of  utilities,  and  then  proceeds  to  say : — ■ 
"  Now  the  utilities  produced  by  labour 
are  of  three  kinds  ;  they  are — 

"First,  uiiMiiQS  fixed  and  embodied  in 
outward  objects ;  by  labour  employed  in  in- 
vesting external  material  things  with  pro- 
perties which  render  them  serviceable  to 
I  human  beings.  This  is  the  common  case, 
;  and  requires  no  illustration. 
j  "  Secondly,  utilities  fixed  and  embodied  in 
\  human  beings;  the  labour  being  in  this 
(  case  employed  in  conferring  on  human 
j  beings  qualities  which  render  them  service- 
;  able  to  themselves  and  others.  To  this 
class  belongs  the  labour  of  all  concerned  in 
education  ;  not  only  schoolmasters,  tutors, 
and  professors,  but  governments,  so  far  as 
they  aim  successfully  at  the  improvement 
of  the  people ;  moralists  and  clergymen, 
as  far  as  productive  of  benefit ;  the  labour 
of  physicians,  as  far  as  instrumental  in  pre- 
serving life  and  physical  or  mental  efe- 
ciency  ;  of  the  teachers  of  bodily  exercises, 
and  of  the  various  trades,  sciences,  and  arts, 
together  with  the  labour  of  the  learners  in 
acquiring  them,  and  all  labour  bestowed  by 


any  persons,  throughout  life,  in  improving 
the  knowledge  or  cultivating  the  bodily 
and  mental  faculties  of  themselves  or 
others. 

"  Thirdly,  and  lastly,  utilities  not  fixed  or 
embodied  in  any  object^  but  consisting  in  a 
mere  service  rendered.,  a  pleasure  given,  an 
inconvenience  or  pain  averted,  during  a 
longer  or  a  shorter  time,  but  without  leav- 
ing a  ijermanent  acquisition  in  the  im- 
proved qualities  of  any  person  or  thing ; 
the  labour  here  being  employed  in  produc- 
ing an  utility  directly,  not  (as  in  the  two 
former  cases)  in  fitting  some  other  thing  to 
afford  an  utility.  Such,  for  example,  is  the 
labour  of  the  musical  performer,  the  actor, 
the  public  declaimer  or  reciter,  and  the 
showman. 

"  Some  good  may,  no  doubt,  be  produced 
beyond  the  moment,  upon  the  feeling  and 
disposition,  or  general  state  of  enjoyment 
of  the  spectators ;  or  instead  of  good  there 
may  be  harm,  but  neither  the  one  nor  the 
other  is  the  eifect  intended,  is  the  result 
for  which  the  exhibitor  works  and  the  spec- 
tator pays,  but  the  immediate  pleasure. 
Such,  again,  is  the  labour  of  the  army  and 
navy  ;  they,  at  the  best,  prevent  a  country 
from  being  conquered,  or  from  being  in- 
jured or  insulted,  which  is  a  service,  but  in 
all  other  respects  leave  the  country  neither 
improved  nor  deteriorated.  Such,  too,  is 
the  labour  of  the  legislator,  the  judge,  the 
officer  of  justice,  and  all  other  agents  of 
Government,  in  their  ordinary  function-:^, 
apart  from  any  influence  they  may  exert 
on  the  improvement  of  the  national  mind. 
The  service  which  they  render  is  to  main- 
tain peace  and  security ;  these  compose  the 
utility  which  they  produce.  It  may  appear 
to  some  that  carriers,  and  merchants  or 
dealers,  should  be  placed  in  this  same  class, 
since  their  labour  does  not  add  any  proper- 
ties to  objects,  but  I  reply  that  it  does,  it 
adds  the  property  of  being  in  the  place 
where  they  are  wanted,  instead  of  being  in 
some  other  place,  which  is  a  very  useful 
property,  and  the  utility  it  confers  is  em- 
bodied in  the  things  themselves,  which 
now  actually  are  in  the  place  where  they 
are  required  for  use,  and  in  consequence  of 
that  increased  utility  could  be  sold  at  an 
increased  price  proportioned  to  the  labour 
expended  in  conferring  it.  This  labour, 
therefore,  does  not  belong  to  the  third  class, 
but  to  the  first." 

To  the  latter  part  of  the  above  classifica- 
tion, I  regret  to  say  I  cannot  assent.  Surely 
the  property  of  being  in  the  place  where 
they  are  wanted,  which  carriers  and  dis- 
tributors are  said  to  confer  on  external 
objects,  cannot  be  said  to  be  fixed — if,  in- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


9 


deed,  it  be  strictly  emhodied  in  the  objects, 
since  the  very  act  of  distribution  consists 
in  the  alteration  of  this  local  relation,  and 
transferring  such  objects  to  the  possession  of 
another.  Is  not  the  utility  which  the 
weaver  fixes  and  embodies  in  a  yard  of  cot- 
ton, a  very  different  utility  from  that 
effected  by  the  linendraper  in  handing 
the  same  yard  of  cotton  over  the  counter 
in  exchange  for  so  much  money  1  and  in 
this  particular  act,  it  would  be  difficult  to 
perceive  what  is  fixed  and  embodied,  seeing 
that  it  consists  essentially  in  an  exchange 
of  commodities. 

Mr.  Mill's  mistake  appears  to  consist  in 
not  discerning  that  there  is  another  class  of 
labour  besides  that  employed  in  producing 
utilities  directly^  and  that  occupied  in  fitt- 
ing other  things  to  afford  utilities  :  viz., 
that  which  is  engaged  in  assisting  those  who 
are  so  occupied  in  fitting  things  to  be  useful. 
This  class  consists  of  such  as  are  engaged 
in  aiding  the  producers  of  permanent  ma- 
terial utilities  either  before  or  during  pro- 
duction, and  such  as  are  engaged  in  aiding 
them  after  production.  Under  the  first 
division  are  comprised  capitalists,  or  those 
who  supply  the  materials  and  tools  for  the 
work,  superintendents  and  managers,  or 
those  who  direct  the  work,  and  labourers, 
or  those  who  perform  some  minor  office 
connected  with  the  work,  as  in  turning  the 
large  wheel  for  a  turner,  in  carrying  the 
bricks  to  a  bricklayer,  and  the  like  ;  while 
in  the  second  division,  or  those  who  are  en- 
gaged in  assisting  producers  after  produc- 
tion, are  included  carriers,  or  those  who 
remove  the  produce  to  the  market,  and 
dealers  and  shopmen,  or  those  who  obtain 
purchasers  for  it.  Now  it  is  evident  that 
the  function  of  all  these  classes  is  merely 
auxiliary  to  the  labour  of  the  producers, 
consisting  principally  of  so  many  modes 
of  economizing  their  time  and  labour. 
Whether  the  gains  of  some  of  these 
auxiliary  classes  are  as  disproportionately 
large,  as  the  others  are  disproportionately 
small,  this  is  not  the  place  to  inquire.  My 
present  duty  is  merely  to  record  the  fact 
of  the  existence  of  such  classes,  and  to 
assign  them  their  proper  place  in  the  social 
fabric,  as  at  present  constituted. 

Now,  from  the  above  it  will  appear,  that 
there  are  four  distinct  classes  of  workers : — 
I.  Enrichers,  or  those  who  are  employed 
in  producing  utilities  fixed  and  em- 
bodied in  material  things,  that  is  to 
say,  in  producing  exchangeable  com- 
modities or  riches. 
II.  Auxiliaries,   or  those  who   are   em- 
ployed in  aiding  the  production  of 
exchangeable  commodities. 


III.  Benefactors,  or  those  who  are  em- 

ployed in  producing  utilities  fixed 
and  embodied  in  human  beings,  that 
is  to  say,  in  conferring  upon  them 
some  permanent  good. 

IV.  Servitors,  or  those  who  are  employed 

in  rendering  some  service,  that  is  to 
say,  in  conferring  some  temporary 
good  upon  another. 

Class  1  is  engaged  in  investing  material 
objects  with  qualities  which  render 
them  serviceable  to  others. 

Class  2  is  engaged  in  aiding  the  opera- 
tions of  Class  1. 

Class  3  is  engaged  in  conferring  on 
human  heings  qualities  which  render 
them  serviceable  to  themselves  or 
others. 

Class  4  is  engaged  in  giving  a  pleasure, 
averting  a  pain  (during  a  longer  or 
shorter  period),  or  preventing  an  in- 
convenience, by  performing  some 
office  for  others  that  they  would 
find  irksome  to  do  for  themselves. 

Hence  it  appears  that  the  operations  of 
the  first  and  third  of  the  above  classes,  or 
the  Enrichers  and  Benefactors  of  Society, 
tend  to  leave  some  "permanent  acquisition  in 
the  improved  qualities  of  either  persons  or 
things, — whereas  the  operations  of  the 
second  and  fourth  classes,  or  the  Auxili- 
aries and  Servitors,  are  limited  merely  to 
promoting  either  the  labours  or  the  plea- 
sures of  the  other  members  of  the  com- 
munity. 

Such,  then,  are  the  several  classes  of 
Workers ;  and  here  it  should  be  stated  that, 
I  apply  the  title  Worker  to  all  those  who 
do  anything  for  their  living,  who  perform 
any  act  whatsoever  that  is  considered 
worthy  of  being  paid  for  by  others,  without 
regard  to  the  question  whether  such  la- 
bourers tend  to  add  to  or  decrease  the 
aggregate  wealth  of  the  community.  I 
consider  all  persone  doing  or  giving  some- 
thing for  the  comforts  they  obtain,  as  self- 
supporting  individuals.  Whether  that 
something  be  really  an  equivalent  for  the 
emoluments  they  receive,  it  is  not  my  voca- 
tion here  to  inquire.  Suffice  it  some  real 
or  imaginary  benefit  is  conferred  upon 
society,  or  a  particular  individual,  and 
what  is  thought  a  fair  and  proper  reward 
is  given  in  return  for  it.  Hence  I  look 
upon  soldiers,  sailors.  Government  and 
parochial  officers,  capitalists,  clergymen, 
lawyers,  wives,  &c.,  &c.,  as  self-supporting 
— a  certain  amount  of  labour,  or  a  certain 
desirable  commodity,  being  given  by  each 
and  all  in  exchange  for  other  commodities, 


10 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


which  arc  considered  less  desirable  to  the 
individuals  parting  with  them,  and  more 
desirable  to  those  receiving  them. 

Is^evcrtheless,  it  must  be  confessed  that, 
economically  speaking,  the  most  important 
and  directly  valuable  of  all  classes  are  those 
whom  I  have  here  denominated  Enrichers. 
These  consist  not  only  of  Producers,  but  of 
the  Collectors  and  Extractors  of  Wealth,  con- 
cerning whom  a  few  words  are  necessary. 

There  are  three  modes  of  obtaining  the 
materials  of  our  wealth — (1)  by  collecting, 
(2)  by  extracting,  and  (3)  by  producing 
them.  The  industrial  processes  concerned 
in  the  collection  of  the  materials  of  wealth 
are  of  the  rudest  and  most  primitive  kind — 
being  pursued  principally  by  such  tribes  as 
depend  for  their  food,  and  raiment,  and 
shelter,  on  the  spontaneous  productions  of 
nature.  The  usual  modes  by  which  the  col- 
lection is  made  is  by  gathering  the  vege- 
table produce  (which  is  the  simplest  and 
most  direct  form  of  all  industry),  and  when 
the  produce  is  of  an  animal  nature,  by 
hunting,  shooting,  or  fishing,  according  as 
the  animal  sought  after  inhabits  the  land, 
the  air,  or  the  water.  In  a  more  advanced 
state  of  society,  where  the  erection  of  places 
of  shelter  has  come  to  constitute  one  of  the 
acts  of  life,  the  felling  of  trees  will  also 
form  one  of  the  modes  by  Avhicli  the  ma- 
terials making  up  the  wealth  of  the  nation 
arc  collected.  In  Great  Britain  there  ap- 
pears to  be  fewer  people  connected  with 
the  mere  collection  of  wealth  than  with 
any  other  general  industrial  process.  The 
fishermen  are  not  above  25,000,  and  the 
w^ood-cutters  and  woodmen  not  5000  ;  so 
that  even  with  gamekeepers,  and  others 
engaged  in  the  taking  of  game,  we  may 
safely  say  that  there  are  about  30,000  out 
of  18,000,000,  or  only  one-six  hundredth 
of  the  entire  population,  engaged  in  this 
mode  of  industry — a  fact  which  strongly 
indicates  the  artificial  character  of  our 
society. 

Tjhe  ^:)roc?W(;^i07i  of  the  materials  of 
wealth,  which  indicates  a  far  higher  state 
of  civilization,  and  which  consists  in  the 
several  agricultural  and  farming  processes 
for  increasing  the  natural  stock  of  animal 
and  vegetable  food,  employs  upwards  of 
one  million  ;  while  those  who  are  engaged 
in  the  extraction  of  our  treasures  from  the 
earth,  either  by  mining  or  quarrying,  both 
of  which  processes — depending,  as  they  do, 
upon  a  knov.'ledge  of  some  of  the  sul)tler 
natural  powers  —  could  only  have  been 
brought  into  operation  in  a  highly  ad- 
vanced stage  of  the  human  intellect,  num- 
ber about  a  quarter  of  a  million.  Alto- 
gether, there  appear  to  be  about  one  mil- 


lion and  a  half  of  individuals  engaged  in 
the  industrial  processes  connected  with  the 
collection,  extraction,  and  production  of 
the  materials  of  wealth  ;  those  who  are 
employed  iu  operating  upon  these  mate- 
rials, in  the  fashioning  of  them  into  manu- 
factures, making  them  up  into  commodities, 
as  v/ell  as  those  engaged  in  the  distribu- 
tion of  them — that  is  to  say,  the  transport 
and  sale  of  them  when  so  fashioned  or 
made  up — appear  to  amount  to  another 
two  millions  and  a  half,  so  that  the  indus- 
trial classes  of  Great  Britain,  taken  alto- 
gether, may  be  said  to  amount  to  four 
millions.  For  the  more  perfect  compre- 
hension, however,  of  the  several  classes  of 
society,  let  me  subjoin  a  table  in  round 
numbers,  calculated  from  the  census  of 
1841,  and  including  among  the  first  items 
both  the  employers  as  well  as  employed  : — 

Engaged  in  Trade  and  Manufacture  3,000,000 

,,           Agriculture     .        .        .  1,5UU,()00 
J,          Mining,  Quarrying,  and 

Transit         .        .        .  750,000 


Total  Employers  and  Employed 

Domestic  Servants       .... 

Independent  persons 

Educated  pursuits  (includmg  Pro- 
fessions and  Fine  Arts)   . 

Government  Officers  (including 
Army,  Navy.  Civil  Service,  and 
Parish  Oiiicers)        .... 

Alms-j>eople  (including  Paupers, 
Prisoners,  and  Lunatics) 


r>,2j0,000 

1,000,000 

500,000 

200,000 


Residue  of  Population  (including 
3,000,000  wives  and  7,500,000  chil- 
dren)   


200,000 

200,CCO 

7,350,000 

11,000,000 
18,350,000 

Inow,  of  the  5,250,000  individuals  en- 
gaged in  Agriculture,  Mining,  Transit, 
Manufacture  and  Trade,  it  would  appear 
that  about  one  million  and  a  quarter  may 
be  considered  as  employers  ;  and,  conse- 
quently, that  the  remaining  four  millions 
may  be  said  to  represent  the  numerical 
strength  of  the  operatives  of  England  and 
Scotland.  Of  these  about  one  million, 
or  a  quarter  of  the  whole,  may  be  said  to 
be  engaged  in  producing  the  materials  of 
wealth  ;  and  about  a  quarter  of  a  million, 
or  one-sixteenth  of  the  entire  number,  in 
extracting  from  the  soil  the  substances  upon 
which  many  of  the  manufacturers  have  to 
operate. 

The  artizans,  or  those  who  are  engaged 
in  the  several  liandicrafts  or  manufac- 
tures operating  upon  the  various  mate- 
rials of  v;^calth  thus  obtained,  are  distinct 
from  the  workmen  above-mentioned,  be- 
longing to  what  are  called  skilled  labourers, 
whereas  those  who  are  employed  in  the 
collection,  extraction,  or  growing  of  wealth, 
belong  to  the  unskilled  class. 

An  artisan  is   an   educat^ed  handicrafts- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


11 


man,  following  a  calling  that  requires  an 
apprenticeship  of  greater  or  less  duration 
in  order  to  arrive  at  perfection  in  it ;  where- 
as a  labourer's  occupation  needs  no  educa- 
tion whatever.  Many  years  must  be  spent 
in  practising  before  a  man  can  acquire  suf- 
ficient manual  dexterity  to  make  a  pair  of 
boots  or  a  coat ;  dock  labour  or  porter's 
work,  however,  needs  neither  teaching  nor 
learning,  for  any  man  can  carry  a  load  or 
turn  a  wheel.  The  artisan,  therefore,  is 
literally  a  handicraftsman — one  who  by 
practice  has  acquired  manual  dexterity 
enough  to  perform  a  particular  class  of 
work,whichis  consequently  called  "skilled." 
The  natural  classification  of  artisans,  or 
skilled  labourers,  appears  to  be  according 
to  the  materials  upon  which  they  work,  for 
this  circumstance  seems  to  constitute  the 
peculiar  quality  of  the  art  more  than  the 
tool  used — indeed,  it  appears  to  be  the 
principal  cause  of  the  modification  of  the 
implements  in  different  handicrafts.  The 
tools  used  to  fashion,  as  well  as  the  instru- 
ments and  substances  used  to  join  the 
several  materials  operated  upon  in  the 
manufactures  and  handicrafts,  difier  ac- 
cording as  those  materials  are  of  difi"erent 
kinds.  We  do  not,  for  instance,  attempt  to 
saw  cloth  into  shape  nor  to  cut  bricks  with 
shears  ;  -neither  do  we  solder  the  soles  to 
the  upper  leathers  of  our  boots,  nor  nail 
together  the  seams  of  our  shirts.  And 
even  in  those  crafts  where  the  means  of 
uniting  the  materials  are  similar,  the  arti- 
san working  upon  one  kind  of  substance  is 
generally  incapable  of  operating  upon  an- 
other. The  tailor  who  stitches  woollen  ma- 
terials together  would  make  but  a  poor 
hand  at  sewing  leather.  The  two  sub- 
stances are  joined  by  the  same  means,  but 
in  a  difierent  manner,  and  with  different 
instruments.  So  the  turner,  who  has  been 
accustomed  to  turn  wood,  is  unable  to 
fashion  metals  by  the  same  method. 

The  most  natural  mode  of  grouping 
the  artisans  into  classes  would  appear  to 
be  according  as  they  pursue  some  mecha- 
nical or  chemical  occupation.  The  former 
are  literally  mechanics  or  handicraftsmen 
— the  latter  chemical  manufacturers.  The 
handicraftsmen  consist  of  (1)  The  Avorkers 
in  silk,  wool,  cotton,  flax,  and  hemp — as 
weavers,  spinners,  knitters,  carpet-makers, 
lace-makers,  rope-makers,  canvas-weavers, 
(fcc.  (2)  The  workers  in  skin,  gut,  and  fea- 
thers— as  tanners,  curriers,  furriers,  feather 
dressers,  &c.  (3)  The  makers  up  of  silken, 
woollen,  cotton,  linen,  hempen,  and  lea- 
thern materials — as  tailors,  milliners,  shirt- 
makers,  sail-makers,  hatters,  glove-makers, 
saddlers,  and  the  like.     (4)  The  workers  in 


wood,  as  the  carpenters,  the  cabinet-makers, 
(fee.  (5)  The  workers  in  cane,  osier,  reed, 
rush,  and  straw — as  basket-makers,  straw- 
plait  manufacturers,  thatchers,  and  the  | 
like.  (G)  The  Avorkers  in  brick  and  stones  | 
— as  bricklayers,  masons,  &c.  (7)  The  i 
workers  in  glass  and  earthenware — as  pot-  j 
ters,  glass-blowers,  glass-cutters,  bottle-  ' 
makers,  glaziers,  (fee.  (8)  The  workers  in 
metals — as  braziers,  tinmen,  plumbers,  gold- 
smiths, pewterers,  coppersmiths,  iron-foun- 
ders, blacksmiths,  whitesmiths,  anchor- 
smiths,  locksmiths,  (fcc.  (9)  The  workers 
in  paper — as  the  paper-makers,  cardboard- 
makers.  (10)  The  chemical  manufacturers 
— as  powder-makers,  white-lead-makers, 
alkali  and  acid  manufacturers,  lucifer- 
match  -  makers,  blacking  -  makers,  ink  - 
makers,  soap-boilers,  tallow-chandlers,  (fee. 
(11)  The  workers  at  the  superlative  or  ex- 
trinsic arts — that  is  to  say,  those  which 
have  no  manufactures  of  their  own,  but 
which  are  engaged  in  adding  to  the  utility 
or  beauty  of  others — as  printing  bookbind- 
ing, painting,  and  decorating,  gilding,  bur- 
nishing, (fee. 

The  circumstances  which  govern  the 
classification  of  trades  are  totally  difierent 
from  those  regulating  the  division  of  Avork. 
In  trade  the  convenience  of  the  purchaser 
is  mainly  studied,  the  sale  of  such  articles 
being  associated  as  are  usually  required  to- 
gether. Hence  the  master  coachmaker  is  fre- 
quently a  harness  manufacturer  as  well,  for 
the  purchaser  of  the  one  commodity  gene- 
rally stands  in  need  of  the  other.  The 
painter  and  house-decorator  not  only  follows 
the  trade  of  the  glazier,  but  of  the  plumber, 
too  ;  because  these  arts  are  one  and  all 
connected  with  the  "doing  up"  of  houses. 
For  the  same  reason  the  builder  combines 
the  business  of  the  plasterer  with  that  of 
the  bricklayer,  and  not  unfrequently  that 
of  the  carpenter  and  joiner  in  addition. 
In  all  of  these  businesses,  hoAvever,  a  dis- 
tinct set  of  workmen  are  required,  accord- 
ing as  the  materials  operated  upon  are 
different. 

We  are  now  in  a  position  to  proceed  with 
the  arrangement  of  the  scA^eral  members  of 
society  into  different  classes, according  to  the 
principles  of  classification  Avhich  have  been 
here  laid  down.  The  difliculties  of  the 
task,  however,  should  be  continually  borne 
in  mind  ;  for  Avhere  so  many  have  failed 
it  cannot  be  expected  that  perfection  can 
be  arrived  at  by  any  one  individual  ;  and, 
slight  as  the  labour  of  such  a  task  may  at 
the  first  glance  appear  to  some,  still  the 
system  here  propounded  has  been  the  Avork 
and  study  of  many  months. 


CLASSIFICATION 


THE   WORKERS    AND    NON-WORKERS 


OF    GREAT    BRITAIN. 


THOSE  WHO  WILL  WOEK. 

I.  Enrichers,  as  the  Collectors,  Extractors,  or  Producers  of  Exchangeable  Com- 
modities. 

II.  Auxiliaries,   as   the   Promoters  of  Production,   or  the   Distributors   of   the 
Produce. 

III.  Benefactors,  or  those  who  confer  some  permanent  benefit,  as  Educators  and 

Curators  engaged  in  promoting  the  physical,  intellectual,  or  spiritual  well- 
being  of  the  people. 

IV.  Servitors,  or  those  who  render  some  temporary  service,  or  pleasure,  as  Amusers, 

Protectors,  and  Servants. 

THOSE    WHO    CANNOT    WORK. 

V.  Those  who  are  provided  for  by  some  public  Institution,  as  the  Inmates 
of  workhouses,  prisons,  hospitals,  asylums,  almshouses,   dormitories,   and 
refuges. 
VI.  Those  who  are  unprovided  for,  and  incapacitated  for  labour,  either  from 
want  of  power,  from  want  of  means,  or  from  want  of  employment. 

THOSE    WHO    WILL    NOT    WORK. 
VII.  Vagrants. 
VIII.  Professional  Beggars. 
IX.  Cheats. 
X.  Thieves. 
XI.  Prostitutes. 

THOSE    WHO    NEED    NOT    WORK. 
XII.  Those  who  derive  their  income  from  rent. 

XIII.  Those  who  derive  their  income  from  dividends. 

XIV.  Those  who  derive  their  income  from  yearly  stipends. 

XV.  Those  who  derive  their  income  from  obsolete  or  nominal  offices. 

XVI.  Those  who"  derive  their  income  from  trades   in   which   they  do  not 
appear. 

XVIL  Those  who  derive  their  income  by  favour  from  others. 

XVIII.  Those  who  derive  their  support  from  the  head  of  the  family. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR,  13 


THOSE  WHO  WILL  WORK. 


I.  Enrichers,  or  those  engaged  in  the  collection,  extraction,  or  production  of  exchange- 
able commodities. 

A.  Collectors. 

1.  Fishermen. 

2.  Woodmen. 

3.  Sand  and  Clay-collectors. 

4.  Copperas,  Cement-stones,  and  other  finders. 

B.  Extractors. 

1.  Miners.  ' 

a.  Coal. 
h.  Salt. 
c.  Iron,  Lead,  Tin,  Copper,  Zinc,  Manganese, 

2.  Quarrjers. 

a.  Slate. 
h.  Stone. 

C.  Growers. 

1.  Farmers. 

a.  Capitalist  Farmers. 

i.  Yeomen,  or  Proprietary  Farmers, 
ii.  Tenant  Farmers. 
h.  Peasant  Farmers. 

i.  Peasant  Proprietors  ;  as  the  Cumberland  "  Statesmen." 

ii.  "  Metayers,"  or  labourers  paying  the  landlord  a  certain  portion  of 

the  produce  as  rent  for  the  use  of  the  land, 
iii.  "  Cottiers,"  or  labouring  Tenant  Farmers. 

2.  Graziers. 

3.  Gardeners,  Nurserymen,  Florists. 

D.  Makers  or  Artificers. 

1.  Mechanics. 

a.  Workers  in  Silk,  Wool,  Worsted,  Hair,  Cotton,  Flax,  Hemp,  Coir. 
h.  Workers  in  Skin,  Gut,  and  Feathers. 

c.  Workers  in  Woollen,  Silken,  Cotton,  Linen,  and  Leathern  Materials. 

d.  Workers  in  Wood,  Ivory,  Bone,  Horn,  and  Shell. 

e.  Workers  in  Osier,  Cane,  Reed,  Rush,  and  Straw. 
/.  Workers  in  Stone  and  Brick. 

g.  Workers  in  Glass  and  Earthenware. 
h.  Workers  in  Metal. 
i.  Workers  in  Paper. 

2.  Chemical  Manufacturers. 

a.  Acid,   Alkali,   Alum,   Copperas,  Prussian-Blue,  and    other    Manufiic- 

turers. 
h.  Gunpowder  Manufacturers,  Percussion-Cap,  Cartridge,   and  Firework 

Makers. 

c.  Brimstone  and  Lucifer-match  Manufacturers. 

d.  White-lead,  Colour,  Black-lead,  Whiting,  and  Blue  Manufacturers. 

e.  0't\  and  Turpentine  Distillers,  and  Varnish  Manufacturers. 
/.  Ink  Manufacturers,  Sealing-wax  and  Wafer  Makers. 

g.  Blacking  Manufacturers. 
h.  Soap  Boilers  and  Grease  Makers. 
i.  Starch  Manufacturers. 
j.  Tallow  and  Wax  Chandlers. 
k.  Artificial  Manure  Manufacturers. 


u 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


I.  Artificial  Stone  and  Cement  Manufacturers. 
m.  Asphalte  and  Tar  Manufacturers. 
n.  Glue  and  Size  Makers. 

0.  Polishing  Paste,  and  Glass  and  Emery  Paper  Makers. 
p.  Lime,  Coke,  and  Charcoal  Burners. 
q.  Manufactm-ing  Chemists  and  Drug  Manufacturers. 
r.  Workers  connected  with  Provisions,  Luxmies,  and  Medicines, 
i.  Bakers,  and  Biscuit  Makers, 
ii.  Brewers. 

iii.  Soda-water  and  Ginger-beer  Manufacturers, 
iv.  Distillers  and  Rectifiers. 
V.  British  Wine  Manufacturers 
vi.  Vinegar  Manufacturers. 
vii.  Fish  and  Provision  Curers. 

viii.  Preserved  Meats  and  Preserved  Pruit  Preparers, 
ix.  Sauce  and  Pickle  Manufacturers. 
X.  Mustard  Makers. 
xi.  Isinglass  Manufacturers. 
xii.  Sugar  Bakers,  Boilers,  and  Refiners, 
xiii.  Confectioners  and  Pastry-cooks, 
xiv.  Rice  and  Farinaceovis  Food  Manufacturers. 
XV.  Chocolate,  Cocoa,  and  other  Manufacturers  of  Substitutes  for  Tea. 
xvi.  Cigar,  Tobacco,  and  Snufi"  Manufacturers. 

xvii.  Quack,   and   other   Medicine  Manufacturers,  as  Pills,  Powders, 
Syrups,  Cordials,  Embrocations,  Ointments,  Plaisters,  (fcc. 

3.  Workers  connected  with  the  Superlative  Arts,  that  is  to  say,  with  those  arts 
which  have  no  products  of  their  own,  and  are  engaged  either  in  adding  to 
the  beauty  or  usefulness  of  the  products  of  other  arts,  or  in  inventing  or 
designing  the  work  appertaining  to  them. 
a.  Printers. 
h.  Bookbinders. 

c.  Painters,  Decorators,  and  Gilders. 

d.  Writers  and  Stencillers. 

e.  Dyers,  Bleachers,  Scourers,  Calenderers,  and  Fullers. 
/.  Print  Colourers. 

g.  Designers  of  Patterns. 

h.  Embroiderers  (of  Muslin,  Silk,  &c.),  and  Fancy  Workers. 
i.  Desiccators,  Anti-dry-rot  Preservers,  Waterproofers. 
j.  Burnishers,  Polishers,  Grinders,  Japanners,  and  French  Polishers. 
h.  Engravers,  Chasers,  Die-Sinkers,  Embossers,  Engine-Turners,  and  Glass- 
Cutters. 
I.  Artists,  Sculptors,  and  Carvers  of  Wood,  Coral,  Jet,  &c. 
m.  Modellers  and  IMoulders. 
n.  Architects,  Surveyors,  and  Civil  Engineers. 
0.  Composers. 

f.  Authors,  Editors,  and  Reporters. 

Operatives  are  divisible,  according  to  ilie  mode  in  loliich  they  are  2>ccid, 
into — 

1.  Day- workers. 

2.  Piece-workers. 

3.  "  Lump  "  or  Contract-workers  ;  as  at  the  docks. 

4.  Perquisite-workers  ;  as  waiters,  &c. 

5.  "  Kind  "  or  Truck-workers  ;  as  the  farm  servants  in  the  North  of 
England,  Domestic  Servants  and  Milliners,  Ballast-heavers,  and 
men  paid  at  "  Tommy-shops." 

6.  Tenant- workers  ;  or  those  who  lodge  with  or  reside  in  houses 
belonging  to  their  employers.  The  Slop-working  Tailors  gene- 
rally lodge  with  the  "Sweaters,"  and  the  "Hinds  of  Northum- 
berland, Cumberland,  and  Westmoreland  have  houses  found 
them   by   their  employers.     These   "  Hinds "   have   to  keep   a 


*  * 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  15 


"  Bondager,"  that  is,  a  female  in  the  house  ready  to  answer  the 
masters  call,  and  to  work  at  stipulated  wages. 

7.  Improvement-workers  ;  or  those  who  are  considered  to  be  remune- 

rated for  their  work  by  the  instruction  they  receive  in  doingit ; 
as  "  improvers  "  and  apprentices. 

8.  Tribute-workers,  as  the  Cornish  Miners,  Whalers,  and  Weavers  in 

some  parts  of  Ireland,  where  a  certain  proportion  of  the  proceeds 
of  the  work  done  belongs  to  the  workmen. 
The  wages  of   "  society-men "  among   operatives  are  settled  by 
custom,  the   wages  of  "  non-society-caen  "  are  settled  by   com- 
fetition. 

Operatives  are  also  divisible,  according  to  the  'places  at  lohich  they  work, 
into — 

1.  Domestic  workers,  or  those  who  work  at  home. 

2.  Shop  or  Factory  workers,  or  those  who  work  on  the  employer's  pre- 

mises. 

3.  Out-door  workers,  or  those  who  work  in  the  open  air  ;  as  brick- 

layers, agricultural  labourers,  &c. 

4.  Jobbing-workers,  or  those  who  go  out  to  work  at  private  houses. 

5.  Rent-men,  or  those  who  pay  rent  for 

a.  A  "  seat  "  at  some  domestic  worker's  rooms. 

h.  "Power,"  as  turners,  and  others,  when  requiring  the  use  of  a 
steam-engine.  Some  operatives  have  to  pay  rent  for  tools 
or  "frames,"  as  the  sawyers  and  "  stockingers,"  and  some  for 
gas  when  working  on  their  employer's  premises. 

Operatives  are  further  divisible,  according  to  those  whom  they  employ  to 
assist  them,  into — 

1.  Family  workers,  or  those  who  avail  themselves  of  the  assistance 

of  their  wives  and  children,  as  the  Spitalfields  Weavers. 

2.  "'  Sweaters  "  and  Piece-master  workers,  or  those  who  employ  other 

members  of  their  trade  at  less  wages  than  they  themselves 
receive. 

3.  "  Garret-master  "  workers,  or  those  who  avail  themselves  of  the 

labour  (chiefly)  of  apprentices. 

Operatives  are  moreover  divisible,  according  to  those  hy  ivhom  they  are  em- 
ploy ed,  into — 

1.  "Flints"  and   "Dungs;"  "Whites"    and  "Blacks,"  according  as 

they  work  for  employers  who  pay  or  do  not  pay  "  society  prices." 

2.  Jobbing  piece-workers,  or  those  who  work  single-handed  for  the 

public  (without  the  intervention  of  an  "  employer  ")  and  are 
paid  by  the  piece.  These  mostly  do  the  work  at  their  own  homes, 
as  cobblers,  repairers,  &c. 

3.  Jobbing  day-workers,  or  those  who  work    single-handed  for  the 

public  (without  the  intervention  of  an  "  employer")  and  are  paid 
by  the  day.  These  mostly  go  out  to  work  at  persons'  houses  and 
frequently  have  their  food  found  them.  Among  the  tailors  and 
carpenters  this  practice  is  called  "whipping  the  cat." 

4.  "  Co-operative  men,"  or  those  who  work  in  "  association  "  for  their 

own  profit,  obtaining  their  work  directly  from  the  public,  without 
the  intervention  of  an  "  employer." 

Lastly,  Operatives  admit  of  being  arranged  into  two  distinct  classes,  viz., 
the  superior,  or  higher-priced,  and  the  inferior,  or  lower-priced. 

The  superior,  or  higher-priced,  operatives  consist  of — 

1.  The  skilful. 

2.  The  trustworthy. 

3.  The  well-conditioned. 

The  inferior,  or  lower-priced  operatives,  on  the  other  hand,  are  composed  of — 
1.  The  unskilful ;  as  the  old  or  superannuated,  the  young  (including 
apprentices  and  "  improvers  "),  the  slow,  and  the  awkward. 


16 


LONDON'  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


2.  The  untrustworthy  ;  as  the  drunken,  the  idle,  and  the  dishonest. 

Some  of  the  cheap  workers,  whose  wages  are  minimized  almost  to 
starvation  point,  so  that  honesty  becomes  morally  impossible, 
have  to  deposit  a  certain  sum  of  money,  or  to  procure  two 
householders  to  act  as  security  for  the  faithful  return  of  the  work 
given  out  to  them. 

3.  The  inexpensive,  consisting  of — 

a.  Those  who  can  live  upon  less  ;  as  single  men,  foreigners,  Irish- 

men, women,  &c. 

b.  Those    who  derive  their  subsistence  from  other  sources  ;  as 

Wives,  Children,  Paupers,  Prisoners,  Inmates  of  Asylums, 
Prostitutes,  and  Amateurs  (or  those  who  work  at  a  business 
merely  for  pocket-money). 

c.  Those  who  are  in  receipt  of  some  pecuniary  or  other  aid  ;  as 

Pensioners,  Allottees  of  land,  and  such  as  have  out-door  relief 
from  the  workhouse. 

II.  AuxiliaHes,  or  those  engaged  in  promoting  the  enrichment  and  distributing  the 
riches  of  the  community. 

A.  Promoters  op  Production. 

1.  Employers,  or  those  who  find  the  materials,  implements,  and  appurtenances 

for  the  work,  and  pay  the  wages  of  the  workmen. 

a.  Administrative  Employers,  or   those  who  supply  wholesale  or  retail 
dealers.     These  are  subdivisible  into — 

i.  Standard  Employers,  or  those  who  work  at  the  regular  standard 

prices  of  the  trade. 
ii.  "  Cutting  "  Employers,  or  those  who  work  at  less  than  the  re- 
gular prices  of  the  trade  ;  as  Contractors,  &c. 
h.  Executive  Employers,  or  those  Avho  work  directly  for  the  public  without 

the  intervention  of  a  wholesale  or  retail  dealer  ;  as  Builders,  &c. 
€.  Distributive  Employers,  or  those  who  are  both  producers  and  retail 
traders. 

i.  Those  who  retail  what  they  produce  ;  as  Tailors,  Shoemakers, 

Bakers,  Eating-house  Keepers,  Street  Mechanics,  &c. 
ii.  Those  who  retail  other  things  (generally  provisions),  and  compel 
or  expect  the  men  in  their  employ  to   deal  with    them   for 
those  articles,  as  the  Truck-Masters  and  others, 
iii.  Those  who  retail  the  appurtenances  of  the  trade  to  which  they 
belong,  and  coin  pel  or  expect  the  men  in  their  employ  to  pur- 
chase such  appurtenances  of  them  ;  as  trimmings  in  the  tailors' 
trade,  thread  among  the  seamstresses,  and  the  like. 
d.  Middlemen  Employers,  or  those  who  act  between  the  emploj^er  and  the 
employed,  obtaining  work  from  employers,  and  employing  others  to 
do  it  ;  as  Sub-contractors,  Sweaters,  &c.     These  consist  of — 

i.  Trade-working  Employers,  or  those  who  make  up  goods  for  other 
employers  in  the  trade. 
Garret-masters,  or  those  who  make  up  goods  for  the  trade  on  the 

smallest  amount  of  capital,  and  generally  on  speculation. 
Trading  Operative  Employers,  or  those  who  obtain  work  in  con- 
siderable quantities,  and  employ  others  at  reduced  wages  to  assist 
them  in  it ;  as  "  Sweaters,"  "  Seconders,"  &c.  These  are  either — 
a.  Piece  Masters  ;  as  those  who  take  out  a  certain  piece  of  work 

and  employ  others  to  help  them  at  reduced  wages. 
j3.  "Lumper"  Employers,  or  those  who  contract  to  do  the  work 
by  the  lump,  which  is  usually  paid  for  by  the  piece,  and 
employ  others  at  reduced  wages  in  order  to  complete  it. 
Employers   are   known  among  operatives  as    "honourable"  or  "dis- 
honourable," according  as  the  wages  they  pay  are  those,  or  less  than 
those,  of  the  Trade  Society. 

2.  Superintendents,  or  those  who  look  after  the  workmen  on  behalf  of  em- 
ployers. 


11. 


111. 


*  * 
% 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


17 


a.  Managers. 


h.  Clerks  of  the  Works. 

c.  Foremen. 

d.  Overlookers. 

e.  Tellers  and  Meters,  or  those  who  take  note  of  the  numher  and  quantity 

of  the  articles  delivered. 
/.  Provers,  or  those  whose  duty  it  is  to  examine  the  quality  or  weight  of 

the  articles  delivered. 
g.  Timekeepers,  or  those  who  note  the  time  of  the  operatives  coming  to 

and  quitting  labour. 
h.  Gratekeepers,  or  those  who  see  that  no  goods  are  taken  out. 
i.  Clerks,  or  those  who  keep  accounts  of  all  sales  and  purchases,  incomings, 

and  outgoings  of  the  business. 
j.  Pay  Clerks,  or  those  who  pay  the  workmen  their  wages. 

3.  Labourers. 

a.  Acting  as  motive  powers. 

i.  Turning  wheels,  working  pumps,  blowing  bellows. 
ii.  Wheeling,  dragging,  pulling,  or  hoisting  loads, 
iii.  Shifting  (scenes),  or  turning  (corn), 
iv.  Carrying  (bricks,  as  hodmen). 

V.  Driving  (piles),  ramming  down  (stones,  as  paviours). 
vi.  Pressing  (as  fruit,  for  juice  ;  seeds,  for  oil). 
h.  Uniting  or  putting  one  thing  to  another. 

i.  Feeding  (furnace),  laying-on  (as  for  printing  machines), 
ii.  Filling  (as  "fillers-in"  of  sieves  at  dust-yards), 
iii.  Oiling  (engines),  greasing  (railway  wheels),  pitching  or  tarring 

(vessels),  pasting  paper  (for  bags). 
iv.  Mixing  (mortar),  kneading  (clay). 
V.  Tying  up  (plants  and  bunches  of  vegetables). 
vi.  Folding  (printed  sheets). 
vii.  Corking  (bottles),  or  caulking  (ships). 

c.  Separating  one  thing  from  another. 

i.  Sifting  (cinders),  screening  (coals). 
ii.  Picking  (fruit,  hops,  (fee),  shelling  (peas),  peeling,  barking,  and 

threshing. 
iii.  Winnowing, 
iv.  Weeding  and  stoning. 
Reaping  and  mowing. 
Felling,   lopping,  hewing,  chopping  (as  fire-wood),  cutting  (as 

chaff),  shearing  (sheep). 
Sawing. 
Blasting, 
viii.  Breaking  (stones),  crushing  (bones  and  ores),  pounding  (drugs). 
ix.  Scouring  (as  sand  from  castings),  scraping  (ships). 

d.  Excavating,  sinking,  and  embanking, 
i.  Tunnelling. 

ii.  Sinking  foundations, 

iii.  Boring, 

iv.  Draining,  trenching,  ditching,  and  hedging. 

V.  Embanking, 

vi.  Road-making,  cutting. 


V. 

vi. 


Vll. 

viii. 


B.  Distributors  of  Production. 

1.  Dealers,  or  those  who  are  engaged  in  the  buying  and  selling  of  commodities 
on  their  own  account. 
a.  Merchants  or  Importers,  and  Exporters. 
h.  Wholesale  Traders. 

c.  Retail  Traders. 

d.  Contracting  Purveyors,  or  those  who  supply  goods  by  agreement. 

e.  Contractors  for  work  or  repairs  ;  as  Road  Contractors,  and  others. 


c: 


18 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


f.  Contractors  for  privileges,  as  the  right  of  Printing  the  Catalogue  of  the 
Great  Exhibition,  or  selling  refreshments  at  Railway  Stations,  &c. 

q.  Farmers  of  revenues  from  dues,  tolls,  &c. 

h.  Itinerants,  or  those  who  seek  out  the  Customers,  instead  of  the  Cus- 
tomers seeking  out  them. 
i.  Hawkers,  or  those  who  cry  their  goods. 
ii.  Pedlars,  or  those  who  carry  their  goods  round. 

2.  Agents,  or  those  who  are  engaged  in  the  buying  or  selling  of  commodities 

for  others,  as  Land  Agents,  House  and  Estate  Agents,  Colonial  and  East 
India  Agents,  &c.,  &c. 
'  a.  Supercargoes. 

b.  Factors,  or  Consignees. 

c.  Brokers,  Bill,  Stock,  Share,  Ship,  Sugar,  Cotton,  &c. 

d.  Commission  Salesmen,  or  Unlicensed  Brokers. 

e.  Buyers,  or  those  v/ho  purchase  materials  or  goods  for  Manufacturers,  or 

Dealers. 
/.  Auctioneers,  or  those  who  sell  goods  on  Commission  to  the    highest 
bidder. 

3.  Lenders  and  Lettors-out,  or  those  who  receive  a  certain  sum  for  the  loan  or 

use  of  a  thing. 

a.  Lenders  or  Lettors-out  of  commodities,  as — 

i.  Job-horses,  carriages,  chairs  and  seats  in  parks,  gardens,  <fcc. 
ii.  Plate,  linen,  furniture,  piano-fortes,  flowers,  fancy  dresses,  Court 

suits,  &c. 
iii.  Books,  newspapers,  prints,  and  music. 
h.  Lettors-out  of  tenements  and  storage  room,  as — 
i.  Houses, 
ii.  Lodgings. 

iii.  Warehouse-room  for  imports,  &c.,  as  at  wharfs, 
iv.  Warehouse-room  for  furniture  and  other  goods. 
c.  Lenders  of  money,  as — 
i.  Mortgagees, 
ii.  Bankers, 
iii.  Bill-discounters. 

iv.  Loan  offices  with  and  without  policies  of  assurance. 
V.  Building  and  investment  societies, 
vi.  Pawnbrokers, 
vii.  Dolly  shopmen. 
*^*  The  several  modes  of  distributing  goods  or  money  are — 

1.  By  private  contract  or  agreement. 

2.  By  a  fixed  or  ticketed  price. 

3.  By  competition,  as  at  Auctions. 

4.  By  games  of  chance,  as  Lotteries  (with  the  '•'  Art  Union  "),  Raffles  (at 

Fancy  Pairs),  Tossing  (with  piemen  and  others).  Prizes  for  skill  (with 
throwing  sticks,  &c.),  Betting,  Racing,  &c. 
The  places  at  which  goods  are  distributed  are — 

1.  Fairs,  or  annual  gatherings  of  buyers  and  sellers. 

2.  Markets,  or  weekly  gatherings  of  buyers  and  sellers. 

3.  Exchanges,  or  daily  gatherings  of  merchants  and  agents. 

4.  Counting-houses,  or  the  places  of  business  of  wholesale  traders. 

5.  Shops,  or  the  places  of  business  of  retail  traders. 

6.  Bazaars,  or  congregations  of  shops. 

4.  Trade  Assisvants. 

a.  Shopmen  and  Wavcliov^^emen. 
h.  Shopwalkers. 

c.  Cashiers  or  Receivers. 

d.  Clerks. 

€.  Accountants. 
/.  Rent-Collectors. 
a.  Debt-collectors. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


19 


stage 


h.  Travellers,  Town  as  well  as  Commercial. 
i.  Touters. 

j.  Barkers  (outside  shops). 
Jc.  Bill  deliverers. 
I.  Bill-stickers. 
m.  Boardmen. 
71.  Advertizing-van  Men. 

5.  Carriers. 

a.  Those  engaged  in  the  external  transit  of  the  Kingdom, 
i.  Mercantile  Sailing  Vessels. 
ii.  Mercantile  Steam  Vessels. 
h.  Those  engaged  in  the  internal  Tra,nslt  of  the  Kingdom. 

i.  Those  engaged  in  the  coasting  trade  from  port  to  port. 
ii.  Those  engaged  in  carrying  inland  from  town  to  town,  as — 
a.  Those  connected  with  land  carriage  ;  as  railroad  men, 

coachmen,  mail  coachmen,  and  mail  cartmen,  post  boys 
flymen,  waggoners,  country  carriers,  and  drovers. 
/3.  Those  connected  with  water  carriage  ;  as  navigable  river  and 
canal  men,  bargemen,  towing  men. 
iii.  Those  engaged  in  carrying  to  and  from  different  parts  of  the 
same  town  by  land  and  water. 

a.  Passengers ;  as  Omnibus-men,  Cabmen,  Glass  and  Job  Coach- 

men, Fly  Men,  Excursion-van  Men,  Donkey-boys,  Goat- 
carriage  boys,  Sedan  and  Bath  Chair  Men,  Guides. 

/3.  Goods  ;  as  Waggoners,  Draymen,  Carters,  Spring-Vp.n  5Len, 
Truckmen,  Porters  (ticketed  and  unticketed,  and  public 
and  private  men). 

y.  Letters  and  Messages  ;  as  Messengers,  Errand  Boys,  Tele- 
graph Men,  and  Postmen. 

b.  Goods  and  Passengers  by  water ;  as  Bargemen,  Lightermen, 

Hoymen,  Watermen,  River  Steamboat  Men. 
c.  Those  engaged  in  the  lading  and  unlading  and  the  fitting  of  vessels, 
as  well  the  packing  of  goods. 
i.  Dock  and  wharf  labourers, 
ii.  Coal  whippers. 
iii.  Lumpers,  or  dischargers  of  timber  ships. 
iv.  Timber  porters  and  rafters. 
v.  Corn  porters. 
vi.  Ballast  heavers, 
vii.  Stevedores,  or  stowers. 
viii.  Riggers. 
ix.  Packers  and  pressers. 


III.  Benefactors,  or  those  who  confer  some  permanent  benefit  by  promoting  the  physical, 
intellectual,  or  spiritual  well-being  of  others. 

A.  Educators. 

1.  Professors. 

2.  Tutors. 

3.  Governesses. 

4.  Schooln?«asters. 

5.  Ushers. 

6.  Teachers  of  Languages. 

7.  Teachers  of  Sciences. 

8.  Lecturers. 

9.  Teachers    of   "Accomplishments 

Wax-Flower  Modelling,  <fec. 

10.  Teachers  of  Exercises  ;  as  Gymnastics. 

11.  Teachers  of  Arts  of  Self-Defence  ;  as  Fencing,  Boxing,  &c. 

12.  Teachers  of  Trades  and  Professions. 


as  Music,  Singing,  Dancing,  Drawing, 


C  2 


20 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


B.  Curators. 


1.  Corporeal. 

a.  Physicians. 

b.  Surgeons. 

c.  General  Practitioners. 

d.  Homajopathists. 

e.  Hydropathists. 

2.  Spiritual. 

a.  Ministers  of  the  Church  of  England. 
h.  Dissenting  Ministers. 

c.  Catholic  Ministers. 

d.  Missionaries. 

e.  Scripture  Readers. 
/.  Sisters  of  Charity. 
g.  Visitants. 

IV.  Servitors,  or  those  who  render  some  temporary  service  or  pleasure  to  others. 

A.  Amusers,  or  those  who  contribute  to  our  entertainment. 

1.  Actors. 

2.  Reciters. 

3.  Improvisers. 

4.  Singers. 

5.  Musicians. 

6.  Dancers. 

7.  Riders,  or  Equestrian  Performers. 

8.  Fencers  and  Pugilists. 

9.  Conjurers. 

10.  Posturers. 

11.  Equilibrists. 

12.  Tumblers. 

13.  Exhibitors  or  Showmen. 

a.  Of  Curiosities. 
h.  Of  Monstrosities. 

B.  Protectors,  or  those  who  contribute  to  our  security  against  injury. 

1.  Legislative. 

a.  The  Sovereign. 

h.  The  Members  of  the  House  of  Lords. 

c.  The  Members  of  the  House  of  Commons. 

2.  Judicial. 

a.  The  Judges  in  Chancery,  Queen's  Bench,  Common  Pleas,  Exchequer, 

Ecclesiastical,  Admiralty,  and  Criminal  Courts. 
h.  Masters    in    Chancery,    Commissioners  of    the  Bankruptcy,   Insolvent 

Debtors,  Sheriffs,  and  County  Courts,  Magistrates,  Justices  of   the 

Peace,  Recorders,  Coroners,  Revising  Barristers. 
c.  Barristers,  Pleaders,  Conveyancers,  Attorneys,  Proctors. 

3.  Administrative  or  Executive. 

a.  The  Lords  Commisioners  of  the  Treasury  ;  the  Secretaries  of  State  for 
Home,  Foreign,  and  Colonial  Affairs;  the  Chancellor  and  Comptroller 
of  the  Exchequer ;  the  Privy  Council,  and  the  Privy  Seal ;  the 
Board  of  Trade,  the  Board  of  Control,  and  the  Board  of  Health  ; 
the  Board  of  Inland  Revenue,  the  Poor-Law  Board,  and  the  Board 
of  Audit  ;  the  Commissioners  of  Woods  and  Forests  ;  the  Ministers 
and  Officials  in  connection  with  the  Army  and  Navy,  the  Post 
Office,  and  the  Mint  ;  the  Inspectors  of  Prisons,  Factories,  Railways, 
Workhouses,  Schools,  and  Lunatic  Asylums  ;  the  Officers  in  connec- 
tion with  the  Registration  and  Statistical  Departments  ;  and  the 
other  Functionaries  appertaining  to  the  Government  at  home. 

h.  The  Ambassadors,  Envoys  Extraordinary,  Ministers  Plenipotentiary, 
Secretaries  of  Legation,  Charges  d'Affaires,  Consuls,  and  other  Minis- 
ters and  Functionaries  appertaining  to  the  Government  ahroad. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  21 


c.  Tlie  Governors  and  Commanders  of  British  Colonies  and  Settlements. 

d.  The  Lord  Lieutenants,  Custodes  Rotulorum,  High  and  Deputy  Sheriffs, 

High  Bailiffs,  High  and  Petty  Constables,  and  other  Functionaries  of 
the  Counties. 

e.  The  Mayors,  Aldermen,  Common  Councilmen,  Chamberlains,  Common 

Sergeants,  Treasurers,  Auditors,  Assessors,  Inspectors  of  Weights  and 
Measures,  and  other  Functionaries  of  the  Cities  or  iticorporated  Toxcns. 

f.  The  Churchwardens,  the  Commissioners  of  Sewers    and   Paving,  the 

Select  and  Special  Vestrymen,  the  Vestry  Clerks,  the  Overseers  or 
Guardians  of  the  Poor,  the  Relieving  Officers,  the  Masters  of  the 
Workhouses,  the  Beadles,  and  other  Parochial  Functionaries. 

g.  The  Masters  and  Brethren  of  the  Trinity  Corporation,  the  Pier  and 

Harbour  Masters,  Conservators  of  Rivers,  and  other  Functionaries 
connected  with  Navigation,  and  the  Trustees  and  Commissioners  in 
connection  with  the  Public  Roads. 

h.  The  Naval  and  Military  Powers  ;  as  the  Army,  Navy,  Marines,  Militia, 
and  Yeomanry. 

^.  The  Civil  Forces ;  as  Policemen,  Patrole,  and  Private  Watchmen. 

j.  Sheriffs'  Officers,  Bailiffs'  Followers,  Sponging-house  Keepers. 

k.  Governors  of  Prisons,  Jailers,  Turnkeys,  Officers  on  board  the  Hulks 
and  Transport  Ships,  Hangmen. 

I.  The  Fiscal  Forces  ;  as  the  Coast  Guard,  Custom-house  Officers,  Excise 
Officers. 

m.  Collectors  of  Imposts  ;  as  Tax  and  Rate  Collectors,  Turnpike  Men,  Toll 
Collectors  of  Bridges  and  Markets,  Collectors  of  Pier  and  Harbour 
dues,  and  Light,  Buoy,  and  Beacon  dues. 

n.  Guardians  of  special  localities  ;  as  Rangers,  and  Park-keepers,  Arcade- 
keepers,  Street-keepers,  Square-keepers,  Bazaar-keepers,  Gate  and 
Lodge-keepers,  Empty-house-keepers. 

0.  Conservators ;   as  Curators  of  Museums,  Librarians,  Storekeepers,  and 

others. 
p.  Protective  Associations  ;  as  Insurance  Companies  against  Loss  by  fire, 
shipwreck,  storms,  railway  accidents,  death  of  cattle,  Life  Assurance 
Societies,  Provident  or  Benefit  Clubs,  Guarantee  Societies,  Trade  Pro- 
tection Societies,  Fire  Brigade  and  Fire-escape  Men,  Humane  Society 
Men,  and  Officers  of  the  Societies  for  the  Suppression  of  Mendicity, 
Vice,  and  cruelty  to  Animals. 

Servants,  or  those  who  contribute  to  our  comfort  or  convenience  by  the  per- 
formance of  certain  offices  for  us. 

1.  Private  Servants,  regularly  engaged. 
a.  Stewards. 

1.  Farm  Bailiffs. 

c.  Secretaries. 

d.  Amanuenses. 
€.  Companions. 
/.  Butlers. 

g.  Valets. 

h.  Footmen,  Pages,  and  Hall  Porters. 
i.  Coachmen,  Grooms,  "  Tigers,"  and  Helpers  at  Stables. 
j.  Huntsmen  and  Whippers-in. 
k.  Kennelmen. 
I.  Gamekeepers. 
m.  Gardeners. 
n.  Housekeepers. 
0.  Ladies'  Maids. 

p.  Nursery  Maids  and  Wet  Nurses. 
q.  House  Maids  and  Parlour  Maids. 
r.  Cooks  and  Scullery  Maids. 
s.  Dairy  Maids. 
t.  Maids  of  all  work. 


22 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


2.  Private  Servants  temporarily  engaged. 

a.  Couriers. 

b.  Interpreters. 

c.  Monthly  Nurses  and  Invalid  Nurses. 

d.  Waiters  at  Parties. 

e.  Charwomen. 

/.  Knife,  boot,  window,  and  paint  Cleaners,  Pot  scourers.  Carpet  beaters. 

3.  Public  Servants. 

a.  Waiters  at  hotels  and  public  gardens. 

b.  Masters  of  the  Ceremonies. 
Chamber-Maids. 
Boots. 
Ostlers. 
Job  Coachmen. 

^.  Post-boys. 

h.  Washerwomen. 

i.  Dustmen. 

Sweeps. 

Scavengers. 
I.  Nightmen. 
m.  Flushermen. 
71.  Turncocks. 
0.  Lamplighters. 
p.  Horse  Holders. 
q.  Crossing  Sweepers. 


c. 

d. 
e. 

/ 


J- 
L 


THOSE  WHO  CANNOT  WOEK. 

V.  Those  that  are  provided  for  by  some  Public  Institution. 

A.  The  Inmates  of  Workhouses. 

B.  The  Inmates  op  Prisons. 

1.  Debtors. 

2.  Criminals  (Some  of  these,  however,  are  made  to  work  by  the  authorities). 

C.  The  Inmates  of  Hospitals. 

1.  The  Sick. 

2.  The  Insane  ;  as  Lunatics  and  Idiots. 

3.  Veterans  ;  as  Greenwich  and  Chelsea  Hospital  men. 

4.  The  Deserted  Young  ;  as  the  Foundling  Hospital  children. 

D.  The  Inmates  op  Asylums  and  Almshouses. 

1.  The  Afflicted  ;  as  the  Deaf,  and  Dumb,  and  Blind. 

2.  The  Destitute  Young ;  as  Orphans. 

3.  The  Decayed  Members  of  the  several  Trades  or  Sects. 

a.  Trade  and  Provident  Asylums  and  Almshouses. 

b.  Sectarian    Asylums    and    Almshouses — as  for  aged   Jews,  Widows   of 

Clergymen,  &c. 

E.  The  Inmates  of  the  sevjdral  Refuges  and  Dormitories  for  the  Houseless 

AND  Destitute. 


VI.  Those  who  are  Unjyrovided for. 

A.  Those  who  are  incapacitated  from  Want  op  Power. 
1.  Owing  to  their  Age. 
a.  The  Old. 
I.  The  Young. 

2.  Owing  to  some  Bodily  Ailment. 

a.  The  Sick. 

b.  The  Crippled. 

c.  The  Maimed. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


d.  The  Paralyzed. 

e.  The  Blind. 

3.  Owins:  to  some  Mental  Infirmity. 
a.  The  Insane. 
h.  The  Idiotic. 

c.  The  Untaught,  or  those  who  have  never  been  brought  up  to  any  industrial 
occupation  ;  as  Widows  and  those  who  have  "  seen  better  days." 

B.  Those  who  ahe  incapacitated  from  Want  or  Means. 

1.  Having  no  tools  ;  as  is  often  the  case  with  distressed  carpenters. 

2.  Having  no  clothes ;  as  servants  when  long  out  of  a  situation. 

3.  Having  no  stock-money  ;  as  impoverished  street-sellers. 

4.  Having  no  materials ;  as  the ''  used-up  "  garret  or  chamber  masters  in  the  boot 

and  shoe  or  cabinet-making  trade.  • 

5.  Having  no  place  wherein  to  work  ;  as  when  those  who  pursue  their  calling 

at  home  are  forced  to  become  the  inmates  of  a  nightly  lodging-house. 

C.  Those  who  are  incapacitated  from  Want  of  Employment. 

1.  Owing  to  a  glut  or  stagnation  in  business  ;  as  among  the  cotton-spinners, 

the  iron-workers,  the  railway-navigators,  and  the  like. 

2.  Owing  to  a  change  in  fashion  ;  as  in  the  button-making  trade. 

3.  Owing  to  the  introduction  of  machinery  ;  as  among  the  sawyers,  hand- 

loom  weavers,  pillow- lace  makers,  threshers,  and  others. 

4.  Owing  to  the  advent  of  the  slack  season  ;  as  among  the  tailors  and  mantua- 

makers,  and  drawn-bonnet-raakers. 

5.  Owing  to  the  continuance  of  unfavourable  weather. 

a.  From  the  prevalence  of  rain  ;  as  street-sellers,  and  others. 
h.  From  the  prevalence  of  easterly  winds  ;  as  dock-labourers. 

6.  Owing   to  the  approach  of  winter ;  as  among  the  builders,  brickmakers, 

market-gardeners,  harvest-men. 

7.  Owing  to  the  loss  of  character. 

a.  Culpably  ;  from  intemperate  habits,  or  misconduct  of  some  kind. 
h.  Accidentally  ;    as  when  a  servant's   late  master   goes  abroad,  and  a 
written  testimonial  is  objected  to. 


THOSE  WHO  WILL  NOT  WOEK. 

VII.  Vagrants  or  Trami^s. 

Under  this  head  is  included  all  that  multifarious  tribe  of  "sturdy  rogues,"  who 
ramble  across  the  country  during  the  summer,  sleeping  at  the  "casual  wards" 
of  the  workhouses,  and  who  return  to  London  in  the  winter  to  avail  them- 
selves of  the  gratuitous  lodgings  and  food  attainable  at  the  several  metro- 
politan refuges. 

VIII.  Professional  Beggars  and  their  Bejyendents. 

A.  Naval  and  Military  Beggars. 

1.  Turnpike  Sailors. 

2.  Spanish  Legion  Men,  &c. 

3.  Veterans. 

B.  "  Distressed-Operative  "  Beggars. 

1.  Pretended  Starved-out  Manufacturers,  as  the  Nottingham  "Driz  "  or  Lace- 

Men. 

2.  Pretended  Unemployed  Agriculturists. 

3.  Pietended  Frozen-out  Gardeners. 

4.  Pretended   Hand-loom  Weavers,  and  others  deprived   of  their  living    by 

Machinery. 

C.  "  Respectable  "  Beggars. 

1.  Pretended  Broken-down  Tradesmen,  or  Decayed  Gentlemen. 

2.  Pretended  Distressed  Ushers,  unable  to  take  situation  fur  want  of  clothes. 


24 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


3.  "  Clean-Family  Beggars  "  with  children  in  very  white  pinafores,  their  faces 

newly  washed,  and  their  hair  carefully  brushed. 

4.  Ashamed  Beggars,  or    those  who  "  stand  pad  with  a  fakement  "  (remain 

stationary,  holding  a  written  placard),  and  pretend  to  hide  their  faces. 

D.  "Disaster"  Beggars. 

1.  Shipwrecked  Mariners. 

2.  Blown-up  Miners. 

3.  Burnt-out  Tradesmen. 

4.  Lucifer  Droppers. 

E.  Bodily  Afflicted  Beggars. 

1.  Having  real  or  pretended  sores,  vulgarly  known  as  the  "  seal  drum  dodge." 

2.  Having  swollen  legs. 

3.  Being  crippled,  deformed,  maimed,  or  paralyzed. 

4.  Being  blind. 

5.  Being  subject  to  fits. 

6.  Being  in  a  decline,  and  appearing  with  bandages  round  the  head. 

7.  "Shallow  coves,"  or  those  who  exhibit  themselves  in  the  streets  half  clad, 

especially  in  cold  weather. 

F.  Famished  Beggars. 

1.  Those  who  chalk  on  the  pavement,  "  I  am  starving." 

2.  Those  who  "  stand  pad  "  with  a  small  piece  of  paper  similarly  inscribed. 

G.  Foreign  Beggars. 

1.  Frenchmen  who  stop  passengers  in  the  street  and  request  to  know  if  they 

can  speak  French,  previous  to  presenting  a  written  statement  of  their 
distress. 

2.  Pretended  Destitute  Poles. 

3.  Hindoos  and  Negroes,  who  stand  shivering  by  the  kerb. 

H.  Petty  Trading  Beggars. 

1.  Tract  sellers. 

2.  Sellers  of  lucifers,  boot-laces,  cabbage-nets,  tapes,  and  cottons. 

*^*  The  several  varieties  of  beggars  admit  of  being  sub-divided  into — 

a.  Batterers,  or  those  who  beg  on  the  "  blob,"  that  is,  by  word  of  mouth. 
h.  Screevers,  or  those  who    beg  by  screeving,  that  is,   by  written  docu- 
ments,   setting  forth  imaginary  cases  of  distress,  such  documents 
being  either — 
i.  "  Slums  "  (letters). 
ii.  "Fakements"  (petitions). 

I.  The  Dependents  of  Beggars. 

1.  Screevers  Proper,  or  the  writers  of    slums  and   fakements  for  those  who 

beg  by  screeving. 

2.  Referees,   or   those  who    give   characters  to  professional  beggars  when   a 

reference  is  required. 


IX.  Cheats  and  their  Dependents. 

A.  Those  who  Cheat  the  Government. 

1.  Smugglers  defrauding  the  Customs. 

2.  "  Jiggers  "  defrauding  the  Excise  by  working  illicit  stills,  and  the  like. 

B.  Those  who  Cheat  the  Public. 

1.  Swindlers,  defrauding  those  of  whom  they  buy. 

2.  "  Duffers  "  and  "  horse-chaunters,"  defrauding  those  to  whom  they  sell. 

3.  "  Charley-pitchers  "    and  other  low  gamblers,  defrauding  those  with  whom 

they  play. 

4.  "Bouncers  and  Besters"  defrauding,  by  laying  wagers,  swaggering,  or  using 

threats. 

5.  "  Flatcatchers,"    defrauding  by  pretending  to  find  some  valuable  article — as 

Fawney  or  Ring-Droppers. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.  25 


6.  Bubble-Men,  defrauding  by  instituting  pretended  companies — as  Sham  Next •■ 

of-Kin-Societies,  Assurance  and  Annuity  Offices,  Benefit  Clubs,  and  the  like. 

7.  Douceur-Men,  defrauding   by  offering  for  a   certain   sum    to  confer  some 

boon  upon  a  person  as — 

a.  To  procure  Government  Situations  for  laymen,  or  benefices  for  clergymen. 

b.  To  provide  Servants  with  Places. 

c.  To  teach  some  lucrative  occupation. 

d.  To  put  persons  in  possession  of  some  information  "  to  their  advantage." 

8.  Deposit-Men,  defrauding  by  obtaining  a  certain  sum  as  security  for  future 

work  or  some  promised  place  of  trust. 

C.  The  Dependents  of  Cheats  are — 

1.  "Jollies,"  and  "Magsmen,"  or  accomplices  of  the  "Bouncers  and  Besters." 

2.  "  Bonnets,"  or  accomplices  of  Gamblers. 

3.  Referees,  or  those  who  give  false  characters  to  swindlers  and  others. 

X.  Thieves  and  their  Dejpendents. 

A.  Those  who  Plunder  with  Violence. 

1.  "  Cracksmen  " — as  Housebreakers  and  Burglars. 

2.  "  Rampsmen,"  or  Footpads. 

3.  "  Bludgers,"  or  Stick-slingers,  plundering  in  company  with  prostitutes. 

B.  Those  who  "  Hocus,"  or  Plunder  their  Victims  when  Stupified. 

1.  "  Drummers,"   or  those  who  render  people  insensible. 

a.  By  handkerchiefs  steeped  in  chloroform. 
h.  By  drugs  poured  into  liquor. 

2.  "  Bug-hunters,"  or  those  who  go  round  to  the  public-houses  and  plunder 

drunken  men. 

C.  Those  who  Plunder  by  Manual  Dexterity,  by  Stealth,  or  by  Breach  of 

Trust. 

1.  "Mobsmen,"  or  those   who  plunder  by  manual  dexterity — as  the  "light- 

fingered  gentry." 

a.  "  Buzzers,"  or  those  who  abstract  handkerchiefs  and  other  articles  from 

gentlemen's  pockets. 

i.  "  Stook-buzzers,"  those  who  steal  handkerchiefs, 
ii.  "  Tail-Buzzers,"  those  who  dive  into  coat-pockets  for  sneezers  (snufi"- 
boxes,)  skins  and  dummies  (purses  and  pocket-books). 

b.  "  Wires,"  or  those  who  pick  ladies'  pockets. 

c.  "  Prop-nailers,"  those  who  steal  pins  and  brooches. 

d.  "  Thimble-screwers,"  those  who  wrench  watches  from  their  guards. 

e.  "  Shop-lifters,"  or  those  who  purloin  goods  from  shops  while  examining 

articles. 

2.  "  Sneaksmen,"  or  those  who  plunder  by  means  of  stealth. 

a.  Those  who  purloin  goods,  provisions,  money,  clothes,  old  metal,  &c. 

i.  "  Drag  Sneaks,"  or  those  who  steal  goods  or  luggage  from  carts  and 

coaches. 
ii.  "  Snoozers,"  or   those   who  sleep  at  railway  hotels,  and  decamp 

with  some  passenger's  luggage  or  property  in  the  morning. 
iii.  "  Star-glazers,"  or  those  who  cut  the  panes  out  of  shop-windows. 
iv.  "  Till  Friskers,"  or  those  who  empty  tills  of  their  contents  during 

the  absence  of  the  shopmen. 
V.  "Sawney-Hunters,"  or  those  who  go  purloining  bacon  from  cheese- 
mongers' shop-doors, 
vi.  "  Noisy-racket  Men,"  or  those  who  steal  china  and  glass  from  out- 
side of  china-shops. 
vii.  "  Area  Sneaks,"  or  those  who  steal  from  houses  by  going  down  the 

area  steps. 
viii.    "  Dead  Lurkers,"  or  those  who  steal   coats  and   umbrellas  from 
passages  at  dusk,  or  on  Sunday  afternoons. 
ix.  "Snow  Gatherers,"  or  those  who  steal  clean  clothes  off  the  hedges. 
X.  "  Skinners,"  or  those  women  who  entice  children  and  sailors  to  go 
with  them  and  then  strip  them  of  their  clothes. 


^ 


26 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


XI. 


xu. 


XUl. 


"Bluey-Huuters,"  or  those  who  purloin  lead  from  the  tops  of 

houses. 
"  Cat  and  Kitten  Hunters,"  or  those  who  purloin  pewter  quart 

and  pint  pots  from  the  top  of  area  railings. 
"  Toshers,"    or  those  who  purloin  copper   from  the  ships  along 
shore. 
xiv.  Mudlarks,  or  those  who  steal  pieces  of  rope  and  lumps  of  coa'l 
from  among  the  vessels  at  the  river-side. 
h.  Those  who  steal  animals. 
i.  Horse  Stealers. 

ii.  Sheep,  or  "  Woollj^-bird,"  Stealers. 
iii.  Deer  Stealers. 
iv.  Dog  Stealers. 
V.  Poachers,  or  Game  Stealers. 
vi.  "  Lady  and  Gentlemen  Racket  Men,"  or  those  who  steal   cocks 

and  hens. 
vii.  Cat  Stealers,  or  those  who  make  away  with  cats  for  the  sake  of 
their  skins  and  bones. 
c.  Those  who  steal  dead  bodies — as  the  "  Resurrectionists." 
3.  Those  who  plunder  by  breach  of  trust. 

a.  Embezzlers,  or  those  who  rob  their  employers. 

i.  By  receiving  what  is  due  to  them,  and  never  accounting  for  it. 
ii.  By  obtaining  goods  in  their  employer's  name, 
iii.  By  purloining  money  from  the  till,  or  goods  from  the  premises. 
h.  Dlegal  Pawners. 

i.  Those  who  pledge  work  given  out  to  them  by  employers. 
ii.  Those  who  pledge  blankets,  sheets,  &c.,  from  lodgings. 

c.  Dishonest  servants,  those  who  make  away  with  the  property  of  their 

masters. 

d.  Bill  Stealers,  or  those  who  purloin  bills  of  exchange  entrusted  to  them, 

to  get  discounted. 

e.  Letter  Stealers. 

D.  "  Shoful  Men,"  or  those  who  Plunder  by  Meaits  of  Counterfeits. 

1.  Coiners  or  fabricators  of  counterfeit  money. 

2.  Forgers  of  bank  notes. 

3.  Forgers  of  checks  and  acceptances. 

4.  Forgers  of  wills. 

E.  Dependents  op  Thieves. 

1.  "Fences,"  or  receivers  of  stolen  goods. 

2.  "  Smashers,"  or  utterers  of  base  coin  or  forged  notes. 


XL  Prostitutes  and  their  Dependents. 

A.  Professional  Prostitutes. 

1.  Seclusives,  or  those  who  live  in  private  houses  or  apartments. 

a.  Kept  Mistresses. 

h,  "  Prima  Donnas,"  or  those  who  belong  to  the  "first  class,"  and  live  in  a 
superior  style. 

2.  Convives,  or  those  who  live  in  the  same  house  with  a  number  of  others. 

a.  Those  who  are  independent  of  the  mistress  of  the  house. 
h.  Those  who  are  subject  to  the  mistress  of  a  brothel. 

i.  "  Board  Lodgers,"  or  those  who  give  a  portion  of  what  they  re- 
ceive to  the  mistress  of  the  brothel,  in  return  for  their  board  and 
lodging. 
ii.  "  Dress  Lodgers,"  or  those  who  give  either  a  portion  or  the  whole  of 
what  they  get  to  the  mistress  of  the  brothel  in  return  for  their 
board,  lodging,  and  clothes. 

3.  Those  who  live  in  low  lodging-houses. 

4.  Sailors'  and  soldiers'  women. 

5.  Park  women,  or  those  who  frequent  the  parks  at  night,  and  other  retired 

places. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


27 


6.  Thieves'  women,  or  those  who  entrap  men  into  bye  streets  for  the  purpose  of 
robbery. 

7.  The  Dependents  of  Prostitutes  : 

a.  "  Bawds,"  or  Keepers  of  Brothels. 

b.  Followers  of  Dress  Lodgers. 

c.  Keepers  of  Accommodation  Houses. 

d.  Procuresses,  Pimps,  and  Panders. 

e.  Fancy-Men. 
/.    Magsmen  and  Bullies. 

B.  Clandestine  Prostitutes. 

1.  Femiale  Operatives. 

2.  Maid  Servants. 

3.  Ladies  of  Intrigue. 

4.  Keepers  of  Houses  of  Assignation. 

C.  Cohabitant  Prostitutes. 

1.  Those  whose  paramours  cannot  afford  to  pay  the  marriage  fees. 

2.  Those  whose  paramours  do  not  believe  in  the  sanctity  of  the  ceremony. 

3.  Those  who  have  married  a  relative  forbidden  by  law. 

4.  Those  whose  paramours  object   to  marry  them  for  pecuniary  or  family 
reasons. 

5.  Those  who  would  forfeit  their  income  by  marrying,  as  officers'  widows  in 
receipt  of  pensions,  and  those  who  hold  property  only  while  unmarried. 

THOSE  WHO  NEED  NOT  WOKK. 

XII.  Those  who  derive  their  income  from  rent. 

A.  Landlords  of  Estates. 

B.  Landlords  op  Houses. 

XIII.  Those  who  derive  their  income  from  dividends. 

A.  FUNDHOLDERS. 

B.  Shareholders. 

1.  In  Mines. 

2.  In  Canals. 

3.  In  Railways. 

4.  In  Public  Companies. 

XIV.  TJiose  who  derive  their  income  from  yearly  stipends. 

A.  Annuitants. 

B.  Pensioners. 

XV.  Those  v:ho  hold  obsolete  or  nominal  offices. 
Sinecurists. 

XVI.  Those  who  derive  their  incoraes  from  trades  in  which  they  never  appear. 

A.  Sleeping  Partners. 

B.  Royalty  Men. 

XVII.  Those  w'ho  derive  their  incomes  by  favour  from  some  other. 

A.  Proteges. 

B.  Dependents. 

XVIII.  Those  who  derive  their  support  frora  the  head  of  the  family. 

A.  Wives. 

B.  Children. 


J 


28 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


OF     THE     NON-WORKERS. 


The  exposition  of  the  several  members  of 
society  being  finished,  I  now  come  to 
treat  of  that  inoperative  moiety  of  it,  which 
more  especially  concerns  us  here.  The 
non-workers,  we  have  seen,  consist  of  three 
broadly  marked  and  distinct  orders,  viz : — 

The  incapacitated,  or  compulsory  non- 
workers. 

The  indisposed,  or  voluntary  non-workers. 

The  independent,  or  privileged  non- work- 
ers. 

It  would  be  of  the  highest  possible  im- 
portance, could  we  ascertain  with  any  pre- 
cision the  number  of  people  existing  in  this 
country,  who  do  no  manner  of  work  for 
their  support ;  and  I  was  anxious  to  have 
concluded  the  preceding  account  of  the 
several  divisions  of  society,  with  an  esti- 
mate of  the  numbers  appertaining  to  each 
of  the  four  great  classes,  as  well  as  the 
incomes  accruing  to  them.  I  found,  how- 
ever, on  consulting  the  official  documents 
with  this  view,  that  the  government  re- 
turns were  in  such  an  economical  tangle — 
distributor  being  confounded  with  em- 
ployer, and  employer  again  jumbled  up 
with  the  employed — that  any  attempt  to 
unravel  the  twisted  yarn  would  have  cost 
an  infinity  of  trouble,  and  have  been  almost 
worthless  after  all ;  and  it  was  from  a  long 
experience  as  to  the  incompetency  of  the 
official  returns  to  aid  the  social  inquirer  in 
solving  the  great  economical  problems  con- 
cerning the  production  and  distribution  of 
wealth,  that  I  was  induced  to  suggest  to  Sir 
George  Grey  (to  whom  I  had  been  indebted 
for  much  courtesy  and  valuable  informa- 
tion, and  who,  from  the  commencement  of 
my  investigations,  had  shown  a  readiness 
to  afford  me  every  assistance),  that,  in  the 
ensuing  census,  an  attempt  should  be  made 
to  obtain  some  definite  account  of  the 
numbers  of  employers  and  employed,  and 
I  am  happy  to  say  that,  in  conformity  with 
my  suggestion,  the  next  "  Abstract  of  the 
Occupations  of  the  People,"  will  at  least 
teach  us  the  proportion  between  these  two 
main  elements  of  our  social  state  ;  so  that 
if  the  Distributors  are  but  kept  distinct 
from  the  Promoters  and  Producers  of  the 
wealth  of  the  country,  one  important  step 
towards  a  right  understanding  of  the  sub- 
ject will  assuredly  have  been  made*. 

*  Mr.  Mill's  mistake  in  ranking  the  Employers 
and  Distributors  among  the  Enrichers,  or  those 
who  increase  the  exchangeable  commodities  of  the 


It  should,  however,  be  borne  in  mind, 
that,  though  the  distribution,  the  promo- 
tion, and  the  production  of  the  riches  or 
exchangeable  commodities  of  a  country  are 
usually  distinct  offices  in  every  civilized 
nation,  they  are  not  invariably  separate 
functions,  even  in  our  own.  The  exceptions 
to  the  economical  rule  with  us  appear  to 
be  as  follows  : — 

1.  Sometimes  the  producers  themselves 
supply  the  materials,  tools,  shelter,  and 
subsistence,  that  they  require  for  their 
work,  though  this  is  usually  done  by  some 
capitalist;  and  having  finished  the  work, 
proceed  themselves  to  find  purchasers  for  it 
likewise  (though  this  is  generally  the  office 
of  the  distributor  or  dealer).  Street  arti- 
zans,  or  those  who  make  the  goods  they  sell 
in  the  streets,  may  be  cited  as  instances  of 
a  class  uniting  in  itself  the  three  functions 
of  producer,  capitalist  (supplying  the  ma- 
terials, (fee),  and  distributor. 

2.  Sometimes  the  capitalist  employer  is 
also  the  distributor  of  the  commodities, 
such  being  the   case  with   bakers,  tailors, 

country,  arose  from  a  desire  to  place  the  dealers 
and  capitalists  among  the  productive  labourers, 
than  which  nothing  could  be  more  idle,  for  surely 
they  do  not  add,  directly,  one  brass  farthing,  as 
the  saying  is,  to  the  national  stock  of  wealth.  A 
little  reflection  would  have  shown  that  gentleman 
that  the  true  function  of  employers  and  dealers 
was  that  of  the  indirect  aiders  of  production 
rather  than  the  direct  producers.  The  economical 
scale  of  production  appears  to  be  as  follows  : — 
(1)  The  Employer,  providing  the  materials,  tools, 
and  shelter  necessary  for  the  due  performance  of 
the  work,  together  with  the  food  for  the  subsist- 
ence of  the  artificer  during  the  work.  (2)  The 
Labourer,  fitting  or  preparing  the  materials  for  the 
artificer.  (3)  The  Artificer  or  woi'kman,  posi- 
tively doing  the  work  and  creating  a  new  pro- 
duct. (4)  The  Superlative  Artizan,  engaged  in 
adding  to  the  beauty  or  utilitj'  of  such  product. 
(5)  The  Distributor  or  Dealer,  engaged  in  carry- 
ing and  disposing  of  the  product  in  the  best 
market.  The  functions  of  Nos.  1  and  2  generally 
precede  productinn,  those  of  Nos.  4  and  5  usually 
succeed  it ;  while  No.  3  is  the  absolute  producer. 
The  labours  of  No.  4,  however,  are  so  intimately 
associated  with  the  produce — sometimes  designing 
the  work,  and  sometimes  "  finishing  "  it — that  it 
seems  but  right  that  the  superlative  artizan  should 
be  ranked  with  the  artificer ;  the  mere  labourer, 
however,  who  turns  the  wheel  for  the  turner,  or 
carries  the  bricks  to  the  bricklayer  and  the  like, 
cannot  strict!}'  be  ranked  as  a  2^^oducer  any  more 
than  a  porter  or  dock  labourer. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


20 


and   the  like,  who   themselves   "  purvey " 
what  they  employ  others  to  produce. 

3.  Sometimes  the  craft  does  not  admit  of 
a  distributor  being  attached  to  it ;  the  em- 
ployer himself  undertaking  to  supply  the 
wants  of  the  public  ;  this  is  the  case  with 
the  building  and  decoration  of  houses. 

4.  Sometimes  the  work  is  done  directly 
for  the  public,  without  the  intervention  of 
either  a  distributor  or  trading-employer; 
such  is  the  case  with  the  jobbing,  day,  or 
piece  workers — among  the  seamstresses 
and  journeymen  tailors,  for  instance — who 
"make  up  ladies'  and  gentlemen's  own 
materials,"  either  at  home  or  at  the  houses 
of  those  for  whom  the  work  is  done. 

5.  Sometimes  the  artificers  or  working 
men  are  their  own  capitalists ;  providing  the 
materials,  tools,  shelter,  and  subsistence 
requisite  for  the  work,  as  is  the  case  with 
the  garret  and  chamber-masters  in  the  slop 
cabinet  and  shoe  trades,  and  among  the 
members  of  co-operative  associations. 

6.  Sometimes  the  artificers  are  both  em- 
ployers and  employed ;  being  supplied  with 
their  materials  and  subsistence  from  a  capi- 
talist, and  supplying  them  again  to  other 
artificers  working  under  them ;  this  is  the 
case  with  sweaters,  piece-working  masters, 
first  hands,  and  the  like. 

7.  Sometimes  the  capitalist  employer,  on 
the  other  hand,  is,  or  rather  assumes  to  be, 
the  proprietor  of  both  the  capital  and 
labour ;  as  is  the  case  with  the  slave- 
owners, masters  of  serfs,  bondmen,  villeins, 
and  the  like ;  though  this  state  of  things, 
thank  God,  no  longer  exists  in  this  country. 

8.  Sometimes  the  capitalist  supplies  all 
the  requisites  of  production,  excepting  the 
subsistence  of  the  artificer,  who  is  remu- 
nerated by  a  certain  share  of  the  profits 
(if  any)  ;  this  is  often  the  case  with  pub- 
lishers and  authors. 

9.  Sometimes  the  capitalist  supplies  only 
the  materials  and  subsistence,  but  not  the 
tools,  of  the  artificers,  and  sometimes  he 
compels  them  to  pay  him  a  rent  for  them 
out  of  their  wages  ;  as  is  the  case  with  the 
employers  of  the  sawyers  and  stockingers. 

10.  Sometimes  the  capitalist  supplies 
the  materials,  tools,  and  subsistence  of  the 
artificers,  but  not  the  appliances  of  their 
work ;  and  sometimes  he  compels  them  to 
purchase  such  appliances  of  him  at  an  ex- 
orbitant profit;  as  the  trimmings  in  the 
tailors'  trade,  thread  with  the  seamstresses, 
and  the  like. 

11.  Sometimes  the  capitalist  supplies  the 
materials,  tools,  subsistence,  and  shelter  of 
the  artificers,  but  not  their  gas-light,  and 
compels  them  to  pay  a  rent  for  the  same 
out  of  their  wages. 


12.  Sometimes  the  capitalist  supplies  the 
materials,  tools,  appliances,  and  subsist- 
ence, but  not  the  shelter,  necessary  for  the 
due  performance  of  the  work,  the  artificers, 
in  such  cases,  doing  the  work  at  their  own 
homes. 

But  all  this  concerns  the  workers  more 
directly  than  the  non- workers  of  society, 
and  it  is  mentioned  here  merely  with  the 
view  of  completing  the  classification  before 
given.  Our  more  immediate  business  in 
this  place  lies  with  the  inoperative,  rather 
than  the  operative,  members  of  the  com- 
munity. Nor  is  it  with  the  entire  body  of 
these  that  we  have  to  deal,  but  rather  with 
that  third  order  of  the  non-working  class 
who  are  unwilling,  though  able,  to  work, 
as  contradistinguished  from  those  who  are 
willing,  but  unable,  to  do  so.  The  non- 
workers  are  a  peculiar  class,  including 
orders  diametrically  opposed  to  each  other : 
the  very  rich  and  the  very  poor,  in  the  first 
place,  and  the  honest  and  dishonest  in  the 
second.  The  dishonest  members  of  society 
constitute  those  who  are  known  more  par- 
ticularly as  the  criminal  class.  Hence  to 
inquire  into  their  means  of  living  and 
mode  of  life,  involves  an  investigation  into 
the  nature  and  the  extent  of  crime  in  this 
country.  Crime,  sin,  and  vice  are  three 
terms  used  for  the  infraction  of  three  dif- 
ferent kinds  of  laws — social,  religious,  and 
moral.  Crime  is  the  transgression  of  some 
social  law,  even  as  sin  is  the  transgression 
of  some  religious  law,  and  vice  the  breach 
of  some  moral  one.  These  laws,  however, 
often  difier  only  in  emanating  from  difier- 
ent  authorities ;  while  infractions  of  them 
are  merely  ofiences  against  different  powers. 
To  thieve  is  to  offend  at  once  socially,  re- 
ligiously, and  morally;  for  not  only  does 
the  social,  but  the  religious  and  moral  law, 
each  and  all,  enjoin  that  we  should  respect 
the  property  of  others. 

But  there  are  other  crimes  or  offences 
against  the  social  powers,  besides  such  as 
are  committed  by  those  who  will  not  work. 
The  crimes  perpetrated  by  those  who  object 
to  labour  for  their  living,  are  habitual 
crimes ;  whereas  those  perpetrated  by  the 
other  classes  of  society  are  accidental  crimes, 
arising  from  the  pressure  of  a  variety  of  cir- 
cumstances. Here,  then,  we  have  a  most  im- 
portant fundamental  distinction :  all  crimes, 
and  consequently  all  criminals,  are  divisible 
into  two  different  classes,  the  professirnal 
and  the  casual ;  that  is  to  say,  there  are 
two  distinct  orders  of  people  continually 
offending  against  the  laws  of  society,  viz., 
those  who  do  so  as  a  regular  means  of 
living,   and   these  who   do   so   from  some 


30 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


accidental  cause.  It  is  imposaible  to  arrive 
at  any  accurate  knowledge  on  the  subject 
of  crime  generally,  without  making  this 
first  analysis  of  the  several  species  of  of- 
fences according  to  their  causes ;  that  is  to 
say,  arranging  them  into  opposite  groups 
or  classes,  according  as  they  arise  from  an 
habitual  indisposition  to  labour  on  the  part 
of  some  of  the  offenders,  or  from  the 
temporary  pressure  of  circumstances  u^Don 
others.  The  official  returns,  however,  on 
this  subject  are  as  unphilosophic  as  the 
generality  of  such  documents,  and  consist 
of  a  crude  mass  of  undigested  facts,  being 
a  statistical  illustration  of  the  "  rudis  in- 
digestaque  moles,"  in  connection  with  a 
criminal  chaos. 

At  present  the  several  crimes  of  the 
country  are  officially  divided  into  four 
classes : — 

I.  Offences  against  persons ;  including 
murder,  rape,  bigamy,  assaults,  &c. 
11.  Offences  against  j)roperty. 

A.  With  violence  ;    including   bur- 

glary, robbery,  piracy,  &c. 

B.  Without  violence ;  including  em- 

bezzlement, cattle-stealing,  lar- 
ceny, and  fraud. 

C.  Malicious   offences  against   pro- 

perty ;  including  arson,  incen- 
diarism, maiming  cattle,  &c. 

III.  Forgery   and   offences   against    the 

currency ;  including  the  forging  of 
wills,  bank-notes,  and  coining,  &c. 

IV.  Other  offences;  including  high- trea- 

son, sedition,  poaching,  smuggling, 
working  illicit  stills,  perjury,  &c. 
M.  Guerry,  the  eminent  French  statist, 
adopts  a  far  more  philosophic  arrangement, 
and  divides  the  several  crimes  into — 

I.  Crimes  against  the  State;  as  high 

treason,  &c. 
II.  Crimes  against  personal  safety ;  as 
murder,  assault,  &c. 

III.  Crimes   against    morals    (with   and 

without   violence) ;    as   rape,   bi- 
gamy, (fee. 

IV.  Crimes  against  property  (proceeding 

from  cupidity  or  malice)  ;  as  lar- 
ceny, embezzlement,  incendiarism, 
and  the  like. 
The  same  fundamental  error  which  renders 
the  government  classification  comparatively 
worthless,  deprives  that  of  the  French  phi- 
losopher of  all  practical  value.     It  gives  us 
no  knowledge  of  the  character  of  the  people 
committing   the   crimes;   being   merely   a 
system  of  criminal  mnemonics,  as  it  were, 
or   easy  method  of  remembering   the   se- 
veral  varieties   of    offences.      The   classes 
in  both  systems  are  but  so  many  mental 
pigeon-holes  for  the  orderly  arrangement 


and  partitioning  of  the  various  infractions 
of  the  law ;  fui'ther  than  this  they  cannot 
help  us. 

Whatever  other  information  the  inquirer 
may  Avant,  he  must  obtain  for  himself ;  if 
he  wish  to  learn  from  the  crimes  some- 
thing as  to  their  causes,  as  well  as  the 
nature  of  the  criminals,  he  must  begin  de 
novo,  and,  using  the  official  facts,  but  re- 
jecting the  official  system  of  classification, 
proceed  to  arrange  all  the  several  offences 
into  two  classes,  according  as  they  are  of  a 
professional  and  casual  character,  com- 
mitted by  habitual  or  occasional  offenders. 
Adopting  this  principle,  it  "will  be  found 
that  the  noiv-iwofessional  crimes  consist 
mainly  of  murder,  assaults,  incendiarism, 
ravishment,  bigamy,  embezzlement,  high 
treason,  and  the  like ;  for  it  is  evident  that 
none  can  make  a  trade  or  profession  of  the 
commission  of  these  crimes,  or  resort  to 
them  as  a  regular  means  of  living"^. 

The  i')rofe8sional  crimes,  on  the  other 
hand,  will  be  generally  found  to  include 
burglary,  robbery,  poaching,  coining,  smug- 
gling, working  of  illicit  stills,  larceny  from 
the  person,  simple  larceny,  (fee,  because 
each  and  every  of  these  are  regular  crafts, 
requiring  almost  the  same  apprenticeship 
as  any  other  mode  of  life.  Burglary,  coining, 
working  illicit  stills,  and  picking  pockets, 
are  all  arts  to  which  no  man,  without 
some  previous  training,  can  take.  Hence 
to  know  whether  the  number  of  these  dis- 
honest Jiandicrafts — for  such  they  really  are 
— be  annually  on  the  increase  or  not,  is  to 
solve  a  most  important  portion  of  the 
criminal  problem ;  it  is  to  ascertain  whether 
crime  pursued  as  a  profession  or  business, 
is  being  augmented  among  us — to  discover 
whether  the  criminal  class,  as  a  distinct 
portion  of  our  people  is,  or  is  not,  on  the 
advance.  The  non-professional  crimes  will 
furnish  us  with  equally  curious  results, 
showing  a  yearly  impress  of  the  character 
of  the  times ;  for  being  only  occasional 
offences,  of  course  the  number  of  such 
offenders  at  different  years  will  give  us  a 
knowledge  of  the  intensity  of  the  several 
occasions  inducing  the  crimes  in  such 
years. 

The  accidental  crimes,  classified  according 
to  their  causes,  may  be  said  to  consist  of — 

I.  Crimes  of  malice,  exercised  either 
against  the  person  or  the  property  of 
the  object. 

*  At  one  time,  however,  murder  became  a  trade 
in  tliis  country,  namely,  when  the  dead  bodies  of 
human  beings  grow  to  be  of  such  value  that  the 
burking  of  the  living  was  resorted  to  by  the 
"  resurrectionists,"  as  a  means  of  keeping  up  the 
supply. 


i_. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


81 


of    lust  and  perverted  appe- 
;  as  rape,  &c. 


II.  Crimes 
tites 

III.  Crimes  of  shame  ;  as  concealing  the 

births  of  infants,  attempts  to    pro- 
cure miscarriage,  and  the  like. 

IV.  Crimes  of  temptation,  '^  with,  or  with- 
V.  Crimes  of  cupidity,       >  out  breach  of 

VI.  Crimes  of  want,  )  trust. 

VII.  Crimes  of  political  prejudices. 

With  the  class  of  casual  or  accidental 
criminals,  however,  we  are  not  at  present 
concerned.  Those  who  resort  to  crime  as 
a  means  of  support,  when  in  a  state  of  ex- 
treme want,  for  instance,  cannot  be  said  to 
belong  to  the  voluntary  non-workers,  for 
many  of  these  would  willingly  work  to  in- 
crease their  sustenance,  if  that  end  were 
attainable  by  such  means,  but  the  poor 
shirt-workers,  slop-tailors,  and  the  like,  have 
not  the  power  of  earning  more  than  the 
barest  subsistence  by  their  labour,  so  that 
the  pawning  of  the  work  entrusted  to 
them  by  their  employers,  becomes  an  act 
to  which  they  are  immediately  impelled 
for  "  dear  life,"  on  the  occurrence  of  the 
least  illness  or  mishap  among  them.  Such 
offenders,  therefore,  belong  more  properly 
to  those  who  cannot  work  for  their  living, 
or  rather,  who  cannot  live  by  their  working, 
and  though  they  offend  against  the  laws 
in  the  same  manner  as  those  that  will  not 
work,  they  cannot  certainly  be  said  to  be 
of  the  same  class. 

The  voluntary  non-workers  are  a  distinct 
body  of  people.  In  the  introductory  chap- 
ter to  the  first  volume  of  the  "  Street-folk," 
they  have  been  shown  to  appertain  to  even 
the  rudest  nations,  being  as  it  were  the 
human  parasites  of  every  civilized  and 
barbarous  community.  The  Hottentots 
have  their  "  jSonquas,""  and  the  Kafirs  their 
"  Fingoes,^''  as  we  have  our  "  Prigs  "  and 
"  Cadgers."  Those  who  Avill  not  work  for 
the  food  they  consume,  appear  to  be  part 
and  parcel  of  a  State — an  essential  element 
of  the  social  fabric  as  much  as  those  who 
cannot,  or  need  not  work  for  their  living. 
Go  where  you  will,  to  what  corner  of  the 
earth  you  please,  search  out  or  propound 
what  new-fangled  or  obsolete  form  of  so- 
ciety you  may,  there  will  be  some  members 
of  it  more  apathetic  than  the  rest,  who  ob- 
ject to  work — some  more  infirm  than  the 
rest,  who  are  denied  the  power  to  work — 
and  some  more  thrifty  than  the  rest,  who 
from  their  past  savings  have  no  necessity 
to  work  for  the  future.  These  several  forms 
are  but  the  necessary  consequences  of  spe- 
cific differences  in  the  constitution  of  dif- 
ferent beings.  Circumstances  may  tend  to 
give  an  unnatural  development  to  either 
one  or  other  of  the  classes  :   the  criminal 


class,  the  pauper  class,  or  the  wealthy  class, 
may  be  in  excess  in  one  form  of  society, 
as  compared  with  another,  or  they  may  be 
repressed  by  certain  social  arrangements; 
nevertheless,  to  a  greater  or  less  degree, 
there  they  will  and  mu^t  ever  be. 

Since,  then,  there  is  an  essentially  dis- 
tinct class  of  people  who  will  not  work  for 
their  living,  and  since  work  is  a  necessary 
condition  of  the  human  organism,  the 
question  becomes,  How  do  such  people 
live?  There  is  but  one  answer: — If  they 
do  not  labour  to  procure  their  own  food,  of 
course  they  must  live  on  the  food  procured 
by  the  labour  of  others.  But  how  do  they 
obtain  possession  of  the  food  belonging  to 
others  ?  There  are  but  two  means :  it  must 
either  be  given  to  them  by,  or  be  taken  from, 
the  industrious  portion  of  the  community. 
Consequently,  the  next  point  to  be  settled 
is,  what  are  the  means  by  which  those  who 
ohject  to  work  get  their  food  given  to  them, 
and  what  the  means  by  which  they  are 
enabled  to  take  it  from  others.  Let  us 
begin  with  the  last  mentioned. 

The  means  by  which  the  criminal  classes 
obtain  their  living  constitute  the  essential 
points  of  difference  among  them,  and  form 
indeed  the  methods  of  distinction  among 
themselves.  The  "  Rampsmen,"  the  " Drum- 
mers," the  "Mobsmen,"  the  "Sneaksmen," 
and  the  "  Shofulmen,"*  which  are  the  terms 
by  which  they  themselves  designate  the 
several  branches  of  the  "profession,"  are 
but  so  many  expressions  indicating  the  se- 
veral modes  of  obtainiDg  the  property  of 
which  they  become  possessed. 

The  "  Rampsman''''  or  "  Cracksman''''  ^^\\n- 
ders  by  force  ;  as  the  burglar,  footjmd, 
&c. 

The  '■^ Drummer''^  plunders  by  stupefac- 
tion ;  as  the  "  hocusser." 

The  ^'^  Mobsman''''  plunders  by  manual 
dexterity  ;  as  the  pickpocket. 

The  "  jSneaksman'''  plunders  by  stealth  ;  as 
the  petty-larceny  men  and  boys. 

The  " /Shofiilmaii''^  plunders  by  counter- 
feits ;  as  the  coiner. 
'Now  each  and  all  of  these  are  distinct  spe- 
cies of  the  genus,  having  often  little  or  no 
connection  with  the  others.  The  "  Cracks- 
man," or  housebreaker,  would  no  more  think 
of  associating  with  the  "Sneaksman"  than 
a  barrister  would  dream  of  sitting  down  to 
dinner  with  an  attorney  ;  the  perils  braved 
by  the  housebreaker  or  the  footpad  make 
the  cowardice  of  the  sneaksman  contempti- 
ble to  him ;  and  the  one  is  distinguished  by  a 

*  The  word  Shoful  is  derived  from  the  Danish 
shcfj'e,  to  shove,  to  deceive,  cheat ;  the  Saxon  form 
of  the  same  verb  is  Scttfan,  whence  the  English 
iS/iOve. 


32 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


kind  of  bulldog  insensibility  to  danger,  ^Yhile 
the  other  is  marked  by  a  low  cat-like  cun- 
ning. The  "  Mobsman,"  on  the  other  hand, 
is  more  of  a  handicraftsman  than  either,  and 
is  comparatively  refined  by  the  society  he 
is  obliged  to  keep.  He  usually  dresses  in 
the  same  elaborate  style  of  fashion  as  a 
Jew  on  a  Saturday  (in  which  case  he  is 
more  particularly  described  by  the  prefix 
"swell"),  and  "mixes"  generally  in  the 
"best  of  company,"  frequenting — for  the 
purposes  of  his  business — all  the  places  of 
public  entertainment,  and  often  being  a 
regular  attendant  at  church  and  the  more 
elegant  chapels,  especially  during  charity 
sermons.  The  Mobsman  takes  his  name 
from  the  gregarious  habits  of  the  class  to 
Avhich  he  belongs,  it  being  necessary,  for 
the  successful  picking  of  pockets,  that  the 
work  be  done  in  small  gangs  or  mobs,  so 
as  to  "cover"  the  operator.  Among  the 
Sneaksmen,  again,  the  purloiners  of  ani- 
mals, such  as  the  horse  stealers,  the  sheep 
stealers,  the  deer  stealers,  and  the  poachers, 
all  belong  to  a  particular  tribe  (with  the 
exception  of  the  dog  stealers) — they  are 
agricultural  thieves ;  whereas  the  others 
are  generally  of  a  more  civic  character. 
The  Shofulmen,  or  coiners,  moreover  con- 
stitute a  distinct  species,  and  upon  them, 
like  the  others,  is  impressed  the  stamp  of 
the  peculiar  line  of  roguery  they  may 
chance  to  follow  as  a  means  of  subsistence. 
Such  are  the  more  salient  features  of 
that  portion  of  the  voluntary  non-workers 
who  live  by  taking  what  they  want  from 
others.  The  other  moiety  of  the  same 
class  who  live  by  getting  what  they  want 
given  to  them,  is  equally  peculiar.  These 
consist  of  the  "Flatcatchers,"  the  "Hunter" 
and  "Charley"^  Pitchers,"  the  "Bouncers" 
and  "Besters,"  the  "Cadgers,"  the  Va- 
giants,  and  the  Prostitutes. 

The   ^'■Flatcatchers''''    obtain   what    they 

want  by  false  pretences  ;  as  swindlers, 

dufiers,   ring   droppers,  and  cheats  of 

all  kinds. 
The  ''Hunter''  and  ''Charley  Pitchers'' 

obtain  what  they  want  by  gaming  ;  as 

thimblerig  men,  &,c. 
The  "■  Bouncers"  iindi  "■Besters"  obtain  what 

they  want  by  betting,  intimidating,  or 

talking  people  out  of  their  property. 
The  "  Cadgers  "  obtain  what  they  want  by 

begging,  and  exciting  false  sympathy. 
The  Vagrants  obtain  what  they  want  by 

declaring  on  the  casual  ward  of  the 

parish  workhouse. 

*  A  Charley  Pitcher  seems  to  be  one  who 
pitches  to  the  Ceorla,  or  countryman,  and  hence  is 
equivalent  to  the  term  Yolcel-huwiev. 


The  Prostitutes  obtain  what  they  want 
by  the  performance  of  an  immoral  act. 

Each  of  these,  again,  are  unmistakeably 
distinguished  from  the  rest.  The  "  Flat- 
catchers"  are  generally  remarkable  for  great 
shrewdness,  especially  in  the  knowledge  of 
human  character  and  ingenuity  in  design- 
ing and  carrying  out  their  several  schemes. 
The  "  Charley  Pitchers"  appertain  more  to 
the  conjuring  or  sleight-of-hand  and  black- 
leg class.  The  "Cadgers,"  again,  are  to 
the  class  of  cheats  what  the  "Sneaksmen" 
are  to  the  thieves,  the  lowest  of  all,  being 
the  least  distinguished  for  those  character- 
istics which  mark  the  other  members  of 
the  same  body.  As  the  "  Sneaksmen"  are 
the  least  daring  and  expert  of  all  the 
thieves,  so  are  the  "Cadgers"  the  least  in- 
tellectual and  cunning  of  all  the  cheats. 
A  "  shallow  cove,"  that  is  to  say,  one  who 
exhibits  himself  half  naked  in  the  streets 
as  a  means  of  obtaining  his  living,  is 
looked  upon  as  the  most  despicable  of  all, 
since  the  act  requires  neither  courage, 
intellect,  nor  dexterity  for  the  execution 
of  it.  The  Vagrants,  on  the  other  hand, 
are  the  wanderers — the  English  Bedouins — 
those  who,  in  their  own  words,  "  love  to 
shake  a  free  leg" — the  thoughtless  and  the 
careless  vagabonds  of  our  race;  while  the 
Prostitutes,  as  a  body,  are  the  shameless 
among  our  women. 

Such,  then,  are  the  characters  of  the 
voluntary  non-workers,  or  professionally 
criminal  class,  the  vagrants,  beggars,  cheats, 
thieves,  and  prostitutes  —  each  order  ex- 
pressing some  different  mode  -of  existence 
adopted  by  those  who  object  to  labour  for 
their  living.  The  vagrants,  who  love  a 
roving  life,  exist  principally  by  declaring 
on  the  parish  funds  for  the  time  being  ; 
the  beggars,  as  deficient  in  courage  and 
intellect  as  in  pride,  prefer  to  live  by 
soliciting  alms  of  the  public  ;  the  cheats, 
possessed  of  considerable  cunning  and  in- 
genuity, choose  rather  to  subsist  by  con- 
tinual fraud  and  deception  ;  the  thieves, 
distinguished  generally  by  a  hardihood  and 
comparative  disregard  of  danger,  find  greater 
delight  in  risking  their  liberty  by  taking 
what  they  want,  instead  of  waiting  to 
have  it  given  them  ;  while  the  prostitutes, 
as  deficient  in  shame  as  the  beggars  are  in 
pride,  prefer  to  live  by  using  their  charms 
for  the  vilest  of  purposes. 

The  exposition  of  the  causes  why  the  several 
species  of  voluntary  non-Avorkers  object  to 
labour  for  their  living,  I  shall  reserve  for  a 
future  occasion  ;  that  they  do  object  to  work 
is  patent  in  the  fact  that  they  might  sus- 
tain themselves  by  their  industry  if  they 
chose  (for  those  who  are  unable  to  do  so, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


33 


and  are  consequently  driven  to  dishonesty, 
have  been  purposely  removed  from  the  class). 
The  number  of  individuals  belonging  to 
the  professional  criminal  class,  we  are  not 
yet  in  a  position  to  ascertain  ;  but  few  de- 
pendable facts  have  been  collected  on  the 
subject,  and  even  these  have  been  obtained 


so  many  years  back  that,  with  the  increase 
of  population,  they  have  become  almost, 
worthless,  except  in  a  historic  point  of  view. 
Such  as  they  are,  however,  it  will  be  as  well 
to  add  them  to  this  introduction  to  the  class 
of  voluntary  non-workers,  as  the  best  inform  - 
ation  at  present  existing  upon  the  subject. 


TABLE  SHOWma  THE  NUMBER  OF  DEPREDATORS,  OFFENDERS,  AND  SUS- 
PECTED  PERSONS  WHO  HAVE  BEEN  BROUGHT  WITHIN  THE  COGNIZANCE 
OF  THE  POLICE  IN  THE  YEAR  1837,  COMPREHENDING:— 

1.  Persons  who  have  no  visible  means  of  subsistence,  and  who  are  believed  to  live  wholly  by  viola- 
tion of  the  law,  as  by  habitual  depredation,  by  fraud,  by  prostitution,  &c. 

2.  Persons  following  some  ostensible  and  legal  occupation,  but  who  are   known  to  have  comniitted 
an  oiFence,  and  are  believed  to  augment  their  gains  by  habitual  or  occasional  violation  of  the  law. 

3.  Persons  not  known  to  have  committed  any  offences,  but  known  as  associates   of  the  above 
classes,  and  otherwise  deemed  to  be  suspicious  characters. 


Chai 

racter  and  description  of  Offenders. 

Metropolitan 

Police  District. 

1st 
Class. 

2iid 
Class. 

3rd 

Class. 

Total 
all  Classes. 

Rampsmen+  .< 

'  Burglars           ..... 

Housebreakers          .... 

_  Highway  robbers     .... 

77 
59 
19 
155 

22 
17 
8 
47 

8 

34 
11 
53 

107 
110 

38 
255 

Mobsmen 

Pickpockets     ..... 

544 

75 

154 

773 

Sneaksmen     . 

Common  thieves       .... 

1667 

1338 

652 

3657 

Animal  steal- 
ers   .     .     .' 

'  Horse  stealers           .... 

Cattle  stealers           .... 

_  Dog  stealers              .... 

7 

45 

52 

4 

48 
52 

48 

11 

141 
152 

r  *Forgers 

Shofulmen     .-!  *Coiners 

|_  Utterers  of  base  coin 

25 
202 

227 

3 
1 

54 

58 

2 
61 
63 

3 

28 
317 
348 

Flatcatchers  ' 

"  *Obtainers  of  goods  by  false  pretences 

*Persons  committing   frauds    of  any 

other  description  .         .          .        '. 

33 

23 
56 

108 

118 

226 

41 

141 

182 
323 

Receivers  of  stolen  goods 

51 

158 

134 

313 

*  Habitual   disturbers  of    the   public 
peace            ..... 

723 

1866 

179 

2768 

Vagrants          ..... 

1089 

186 

20 

1295 

Cadgers    .     .  J  ;Begging-letter  writers     .         .         . 
[  Isearers  of  beggmg-letters 

12 
22 
34 

17 
40 
57 

21 
24 

45 

50 
86 
136 

Prostitutes  .  - 

*Prostitutes,  well-dressed,   living    in 
brothels        ..... 

*Prostitutes,  well-dressed,  walking  the 
streets           .          .          .         .          , 

Prostitutes,  low,  infesting  low  neigh- 
bourhoods   ..... 

813 
1460 

3533 

5806 

62 
79 

147 

288 

20 

73 

184 
277 

895 
1612 

3864 

6371 

*  Classes  not  before  enumerated 

Total 

40 

2 

438 

470 

. 

10,444 

4353 

2104 

16,901 

»  Those  marked  thus  »  are  of  a  non-migratory  character. 

t  The  titles  of  the  classes  as  here  given  do  not  form  part  of  the  orL-^inal  table. 


D 


34 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  estimate  made  for  five  of  the  prin-    cipal  provincial  towns  in  the   same  year 

was  as  follows  : — 

TABLE  SHOWING  THE  NUMBER  OF  DEPREDATORS,  OFFENDERS,  AND  SUS- 
PECTED PERSONS  BROUGHT  WITHIN  THE  COGNIZANCE  OF  THE  POLICE 
OF  THE  UNDERMENTIONED  DISTRICTS,  IN  THE  YEAR  1837. 


District  or  Place. 

Number  of  Depredators,  Offenders,  and 
Suspected  Persons. 

Average 
Length 

of 
Career. 

Proportion 

of 
known  bad 

1st 
Class. 

2nd 
Class. 

.•?rd 
Class. 

Total. 

Characters 

to  the 
Population. 

Metropolitan  Police  District 
Borough  of  Liverpool 
City  and  County  of  Bristol 
City  of  Bath    .... 
Town  and  County  of  Newcastle- 
on-Tyne        .... 

10,444 

3,580 

1,935 

284 

1,730 

4353 
916 

1190 
470 

222 

2104 
215 
356 

847 

62 

16,901 
4,711 
3,481 
1,601 

2,014 

4  yrs. 
2.1  yrs. 

1  in  89 
1  in  45 
1  in  31 
1  in  37 

1  in  27 

Total     .... 

17,973 

7151 

3584 

28,708 

By  the  above  table  it  will  be  seen  that, 
in  1837,  there  were  28,708  persons  of  known 
bad  character,  infesting  five  of  the  prin- 
cipal towns  in  England  :  nearly  18,000  of 
the  entire  number  had  no  visible  means  of 
subsistence,  and  were  believed  to  live  wholly 
by  depredation  ;  7000  were  believed  to 
augment  their  gains  by  habitual  or  occa- 
sional violation  of  the  law ;  and  3500  were 
known  to  be  associates  of  the  others,  and 
otherwise  deemed  suspicious  characters.  Ac- 
cording to  the  average  proportion  of  these 
persons  to  the  population,  there  would  have 
been  in  the  other  large  towns  nearly  32,000 
persons  of  a  similar  class,  and  upwards  of 
69,000  of  such  persons  dispersed  through- 
out the  rest  of  the  country.  Adding  these 
together,  we  have  as  many  as  130,000  in- 
dividuals of  known  bad  character  in  Eng- 
land and  Wales,  loithout  the  walls  of  the 
prisons. 

To  form  an  accurate  notion  of  the  total 
number  of  the  criminal  population  at  the 
above  period,  we  must  add  to  the  preceding 
amount  the  number  of  persons  resident 
within  the  walls  of  the  prisons.  These,  at  the 
time  of  taking  the  last  census,  amounted  to 
19.888,  which,  added  to  the  130,000  above 
enumerated,  gives  Avithin  a  fraction  of 
150,000  individuals  for  the  entire  criminal 
population  of  the  country,  as  known  to  the 
police  in  1837. 

Let  us  now,  for  a  moment,  turn  our  at- 
tention to  the  number  and  cost  of  the  honest 
and  dishonest  poor  throughout  England 
and  Wales.  Mr.  Porter,  usually  no  mean 
authority  upon  all  matters  of  a  statistical 
nature,  tells  us,  in  his  "  Progress  of  the 
JSTation,"  p.  530,  that  "the  proportion  of 
persons  in  the  United  Kingdom  who  pass 
their  time  without  applying  to  any  gainful 
occupation   is    quite    inconsiderable  I      Of 


5,800,000  males  of  20  years  and  upwards 
living  at  the  time  of  the  census  of  1831, 
tliere  were  said  to  be  engaged  in  some 
calling  or  profession  5,450,000,  thus  leaving 
unemployed  only  350,000,  or  rather  less 
than  six  per  cent."  "  The  number  of  un- 
employed adult  males  in  Great  Britain  in 
1841,"  he  afterwards  informs  us,  '•'  was  only 
274,000  and  odd." 

But  this  statement  gives  us  no  accurate 
idea  of  the  number  of  persons  subsisting  by 
charity  or  crime,  for  the  author  of  the 
"Progress  of  the  Nation,"  strange  to  say, 
wholly  excludes  from  his  calculation  the 
mass  of  individuals  maintained  by  the  se- 
veral parishes,  as  well  as  the  criminals,  alms- 
people,  and  lunatics  throughout  the  coun- 
try !  Now,  according  to  the  Report  of  the 
Poor-law  Commissioners,  the  number  of 
paupers  receiving  in  and  out-door  relief,  in 
1848,  was  no  less  than  1,870,000  and  odd. 
The  number  of  criminals  and  suspicious 
characters  throughout  the  country,  in  1837, 
we  have  seen,  was  150,000.  In  1844  the 
number  of  lunatics  in  county  asylums  w^as 
4000  and  odd ;  while,  according  to  the 
occupation  abstract  of  the  population  re- 
turns there  were  in  1841  upwards  of  5000 
almspeople,  1000  beggars,  and  21,000  pen- 
sioners. These,  formed  into  one  sum,  give 
us  no  less  than  2,000,000  of  individuals 
living  upon  the  income  of  the  remainder  of 
the  population.  By  the  above  computation, 
therefore,  we  see  that,  out  of  a  total  of 
16,000,000  souls,  in  England  and  Wales, 
one-eighth,  or  twelve  per  cent,  of  the 
whole,  continue  their  existence  either  by 
pauperism,  mendicancy,  or  crime. 

Now,  the  cost  of  this  immense  mass  of 
vice  and  want  is  even  more  appalling  than 
the  number  of  individuals  subsisting  in 
such  utter  deo-radation.     The  total  amount 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


35 


of  money  levied  in  1848  for  the  relief  of  the 
poor  throughout  England  and  Wales,  was 
7,400,000^.  But,  exclusive  of  this  amount, 
the  magnitude  of  the  sum  that  we  give 
voluntarily  towards  the  support  and  educa- 
tion of  the  poorer  classes,  is  unparalleled  in 
the  history  of  any  other  nation,  or  of  any 
other  time.  According  to  the  summary  of 
the  returns  annexed  to  the  voluminous 
reports  of  the  Charity  Commissioners,  the 
rent  of  the  land  and  other  fixed  property, 
together  with  the  interest  of  the  money 
left  for  charitable  purposes  in  England  and 
Wales,  amounts  to  1,200,000?.  a  year  ;  and 
it  is  believed  that,  by  proper  management, 
this  return  might  be  increased  to  an  annual 
income  of  at  least  two  millions  of  money. 
"And  yet,"  says  Mr.  M'Culloch,  "  there  can 
be  no  doubt  that  even  this  large  sum  falls 
far  below  the  amount  expended  every  year 
in  voluntary  donations  to  charitable  estab- 
lishments. Nor  can  any  estimate  be  formed," 
he  adds,  "  of  the  money  given  in  charity  to 
individuals,  but  in  the  aggregate  it  cannot 
fail  to  amount  to  an  immense  sum."  All 
things  considered,  therefore,  we  cannot  be 
very  far  from  the  truth,  if  we  assume  the 
sums  vohontarily  subscribed  towards  the 
relief  of  the  poor  to  equal,  in  the  aggregate, 
the  total  amount  raised  by  assessment  for  the 
same  purpose  (the  income  from  voluntary 
subscriptions  to  the  metropolitan  charities 
alone  equals  1,000,000/^.  and  odd) ;  so  that  it 
would  appear  that  the  well-to-do  amongst 
us  expend  the  vast  sum  of  15,000,000?.  per 
annum  in  mitigating  the  miseries  of  their 
less  fortunate  brethren. 

But  though  it  may  be  said  that  we  give 
altogether  15,000,000?.  a  year  to  alleviate 
the  distress  of  those  who  want  or  suffer,  we 
must  remember  that  this  vast  sum  expresses 


not  only  the  liberal  extent  of  our  sympathy, 
but  likewise  the  fearful  amount  of  want  and 
suffering,  on  the  one  hand,  and  of  excess  and 
luxury  on  the  other,  that  there  must  be  in 
the  land.  If  the  poorer  classes  require  fifteen 
millions  to  be  added  in  charity  every  year 
to  their  aggregate  income  in  order  to  relieve 
their  pains  and  privations,  and  the  richer 
can  afford  to  have  the  same  immense  sum 
taken  from  theirs,  and  yet  scarcely  feel  the 
loss,  it  shows  at  once  how  much  the  one 
class  must  have  in  excess  and  the  other  in 
deficiency.  Whether  such  a  state  of  things 
is  a  necessary  evil  connected  with  the  dis- 
tribution of  wealth,  this  is  not  the  place  for 
me  to  argue.  All  I  have  to  do  here  is  to 
draw  attention  to  the  fact.  It  is  for  others 
to  lay  bare  the  cause,  and,  if  possible, 
discover  the  remedy. 

There  still  remains,  however,  to  be  added 
to  the  sum  expended  in  voluntary  or  com- 
pulsory relief  of  the  poor,  the  cost  of  our 
criminal  and  convict  establishments  at 
home  and  abroad.  This,  according  to  the 
Government  estimates,  amounts  to  very 
nearly  1,000,000?.;  then  there  is  the  value 
of  the  property  appropriated  by  the  150,000 
habitual  criminals,  and  this,  at  10s.  a  week 
per  head,  amounts  to  very  nearly  4,000,000?.; 
so  that,  adding  these  items  to  the  sum 
before-mentioned,  we  have,  in  round  num- 
bers, the  enormous  amount  of  20,000,000?. 
per  annum  as  the  cost  of  the  paupers  and 
criminals  of  this  country  ;  and,  reckoning 
the  national  income,  with  Mr.  M'CuUoch 
and  others,  at  350,000,000?.,  it  follows  that 
the  country  has  to  give  upwards  of  five  per 
cent,  out  of  its  gross  earnings  every  year  to 
support  those  who  are  either  incapable  or 
unwilling  to  obtain  a  living  for  themselves. 


OF    THE    PROSTSTUTE    CLASS    GENERALLY. 


We  have  now  seen  that  the  two  modes  of 
obtaining  a  living  other  than  by  working 
for  it  are,  by  forcibly  or  stealthily  appro- 
priating the  proceeds  of  another's  labour, 
or  else  by  seducing  the  more  industrious 
or  thrifty  to  part  with  a  portion  of  their 
gains.  Prostitution,  professionally  resorted 
to,  belongs  to  the  latter  class,  and  consists, 
when  adopted  as  a  means  of  subsistence 
without  labour,  in  inducing  others,  by  the 
performance  of  some  immoral  act,  to  render 
up  a  portion  of  their  possessions.  Literally 
construed,  prostitution  is  the  putting  of 
anything  to  a  vile  use  ;  in  this  sense  per- 
jury is  a  species  of  prostitution,  being  an 


unworthy  use  of  the  faculty  of  speech  ;  so, 
again,  bribery  is  a  prostitution  of  the  right 
of  voting ;  while  prostitution,  specially  so 
called,  is  the  using  of  her  charms  by  a 
woman  for  immoral  purposes.  This,  of 
course,  may  be  done  either  from  mercenary 
or  voluptuous  motives  ;  be  the  cause,  how- 
ever, v/hat  it  may,  the  act  remains  the 
same,  and  consists  in  the  base  perversion 
of  a  woman's  charms — the  surrendering  of 
her  virtue  to  criminal  indulgence.  Prosti- 
tution has  been  defined  to  be  the  illicit 
intercourse  of  the  sexes ;  but  illicit  is 
unlicensed,  and  the  mere  sanctioning  of 
an  immoral  act  could  not  dignify  it  into  a 


'D2 


36 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


moral  one.  Such  a  definition  would  make 
the  criminality  of  the  act  to  consist  solely 
in  the  absence  of  the  priest's  licence. 

In  Persia  there  are  no  professional  pros- 
titutes permitted  ;  but  though  the  priest's 
sanction  there  precedes  the  surrendering 
of  the  woman's  virtue  in  every  instance, 
still  the  same  immoral  perversion  takes 
place — it  being  customary  for  couples  to 
be  wedded  for  a  small  sum  by  the  priest 
in  the  evening,  and  divorced  by  him,  for 
an  equally  small  sum,  in  the  morning. 
Here,  then,  we  find  the  licensed  inter- 
course assuming  the  same  immoral  cast  as 
the  unlicensed  ;  for  surely  none  will  main- 
tain that  these  nuptial  ephemerae  are  sanc- 
tified, because  accompanied  with  a  priestly 
licence.  Nor  can  we,  on  the  other  hand, 
assert  that  the  mere  fact  of  continence  in 
the  association  of  the  sexes,  the  persistence 
of  the  female  to  one  male,  or  the  continued 
endurance  of  an  unsanctioned  attachment, 
can  ever  be  raised  into  anything  purer 
than  cohabitation,  or  the  chastity  of  un- 
chastity. 

Prostitution,  then,  does  not  consist  solely 
in  promiscuous  intercourse,  for  she  who 
confines  her  favours  to  one  may  still  be  a 
prostitute  ;  nor  does  it  consist  in  illicit  or 
unsanctioned  intercourse,  for,  as  we  have 
seen,  the  intercourse  may  be  sanctioned 
and  still  be  prostitution  to  all  intents  and 
purposes.  Nor  can  it  be  said  to  consist 
solely  in  the  mercenary  motives  so  often 
prompting  to  the  commission  of  the  act  ; 
for  fornication  is  expressly  that  form  of 
prostitution  which  is  the  result  of  illicit 
attachment. 

In  what,  then,  it  may  be  asked,  does 
prostitution  consist  1  It  consists,  I  an- 
swer, in  what  the  word  literally  expresses 
— putting  a  Avoman's  charms  to  vile  uses. 
The  term  ivhore  has,  strictly,  the  same 
signification  as  that  of  ^prostitute ;  though 
usually  supposed  to  be  from  the  Saxon 
verb  hi/rian,  to  hire,  and,  consequently, 
to  mean  a  woman  whose  favours  can  be 
procured  for  a  reward.  But  the  Saxon 
substantive  hure,  is  the  same  word  as  the 
first  syllable  of  hor-cwen,  which  signifies 
literally  a  filthy  quean,  a  har-\ot.  Now 
the  term  hor^  in  hor-cwen,  is  but  another 
form  of  the  Saxon  adjective  horig^  filthy, 
dirty,  the  Latin  equivalent  of  which  is 
sor-didus;  hence  the  substantive  horines 
means  filthiness,  and  horingas,  adulterers 
(or  filthy  people),  and  hornung,  adultery, 
fornication,  whoredom  (or  filthy  acts). 
Prostitution  and  whoredom,  then,  have 
both  the  same  meaning,  viz.,  perversion  to 
vile  or  fdthy  uses  ;  and  consist  in  the  sur- 
renderiucc  of  a  woman's  virtue  in  a  manner 


that  excites  our  moral  disgust.  The  of- 
fensiveness  of  the  act  of  unchastity  to  the 
moral  taste  or  sense  constitutes  the  very 
essence  of  prostitution  ;  and  it  is  this  mo- 
ral ofiensiveness  which  often  makes  the 
licensed  intercourse  of  the  sexes,  as  in  the 
marriage  of  a  young  girl  to  an  old  man, 
for  the  sake  of  his  money,  as  much  an 
act  of  prostitution  as  even  the  grossest 
libertinism. 

The  next  question  consequently  be- 
comes, what  are  the  invariable  antecedents 
which  excite  the  moral  disgust  in  every 
act  of  prostitution  ?  or  are  there  any  such 
invariable  antecedents  characterizing  each 
off"ensive  perversion  of  a  woman's  charms  ? 
Is  the  ofiensiveness  a  mere  matter  of  taste, 
difiering  according  as  the  moral  palates  of 
the  individuals  or  races  may  difier  one  from 
the  other,  and  ultimately  referable  to  some 
peculiar  form  of  organization,  convention, 
fashion,  or  geography  1  or  is  it  a  part  of 
the  inherent  constitution  of  things  ? — in  a 
word,  is  there  an  abstract  chastity  and 
unchastity ;  an  erotic  to  koKov  and  to 
KaKov  ;  an  universal  standard  of  moral 
beauty  and  ugliness  in  woman — that,  go 
where  you  will,  is  the  same  to  all  natures 
and  in  all  countries  ?  or  is  the  vice  of 
one  set  of  people  the  virtue  of  another,  as 
this  race  admires  white  teeth  and  that 
black  ? 

This  is  a  matter  lying,  as  it  were,  across 
the  very  threshold  of  the  subject,  and 
which  must  necessarily,  according  as  one 
or  other  view  be  taken,  give  a  wholly  dif- 
ferent cast,  not  only  to  all  our  thoughts  in 
connection  with  the  evil,  but  to  all  our 
plans  for  the  remedy  of  it.  If  prostitution 
be  loathsome  to  us,  merely  because  it  is 
the  moral  fashion  of  our  people  that  it 
should  be  so,  then  by  popularizing  new 
forms  of  thought  and  feeling  among  us 
may  we  remove  all  opprobrium  from  the 
act,  and  so  put  an  end  to  all  the  moral 
evil  in  connection  with  it ;  but  if  it  be 
naturally  and  innately  ofiensive  to  every 
healthy  mind,  then  can  it  be  remedied 
solely  by  improving  the  tone  of  the 
thoughts  and  feelings  of  the  depraved, 
and  restoring  the  lost  moral  sense,  as  well 
as  directing  the  perverted  taste  to  more 
wholesome  and  beautiful  objects. 

To  solve  this  part  of  the  problem,  then, 
it  will  be  necessary  that  we  should  take  as 
comprehensive  a  view  of  the  subject  as 
possible,  collecting  a  large  and  multifarious 
body  of  facts,  and  examining  the  matter 
from  almost  every  conceivable  point  of 
view.  It  will  be  necessary  that  we  should 
regard  it  by  the  light  of  the  early  ages  of 
society — that   we    should    contemplate    it 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


37 


amid  all  the  primitive  rudeness  of  barbaric 
life— and  ultimately  that  we  should  study 
it  under  the  many  varied  phases  that  it 
assumes  in  civilized  communities. 

For  the  better  performance  of  this  task 
I  have  availed  myself  of  the  services  and 
assistance  of  my  friend,  Mr.  Horace  St. 
John,  whom  I  shall  now  leave  to  lay  before 
the  reader  the  many  curious  and  interest- 
ing facts  which  he  has  collected  at  my 
request  in  connection  with  the  ancient  and 
foreign  part  of  the  subject,  after  which  I 
shall  return  to  the  consideration  of  that 
branch  of  the  general  inquiry  connected 
more  immediately  with  the  prostitution  of 
this  country. 

Of  Prostitution  in  Ancient  States  : 
General  View. 

In  the  following  inquiry,  though  the  chief 
object  will  be  to  ascertain  the  extent  and 
character  of  the  prostitute  class  of  women, 
it  will  be  necessary  to  indicate  generally 
the  condition  of  the  sex  in  various  ages, 
and  among  different  nations.  This  will 
afford  a  comparative  view  of  the  subject. 
It  is  impossible  to  form  a  judgment  on  the 
condition  of  this  class,  and  its  influence  on 
society,  without  learning  in  what  degree  of 
estimation  morality  is  viewed  by  a  people  ; 
what  position  in  the  social  scale  is  occupied 
by  their  women  ;  at  what  price  chastity  is 
held  ;  and  what  are  the  relative  stations  of 
the  sexes.  To  afford  a  correct  idea  of  this, 
in  plain,  popular  language,  is  the  task  to 
which  we  now  apply  ourselves ;  and  we  com- 
mence with  the  ancient  states  whose  in- 
stitutions have,  in  a  greater  or  less  degree, 
influenced  those  of  all  others,  in  every 
later  age.  It  is  necessary  to  maintain  a 
distinction  between  those  countries  where 
marriage  was  an  institution,  and  those — if 
they  are  not  quite  fabulous — at  least  sa- 
vage communities  where  the  intercourse  of 
men  with  women  is  looser  than  that  of 
beasts. 

Far  as  we  can  trace  the  history  of  society 
we  discover  no  state  without  the  blemish 
of  prostitution.  In  some  it  was  more,  in 
others  less  prevalent ;  but  in  all  it  existed 
in  one  form  or  another.  In  examining  the 
manners  of  the  ancient  nations,  Hebrews, 
Egj'ptians,  Greeks,  Romans,  Celts,  and 
Anglo  Saxons,  we  find  women  who  de- 
graded themselves  from  vanity,  lust,  or  for 
gain ;  and,  among  the  old  communities  of 
the  East,  less  known  to  us,  public  immo- 
rality was  a  characteristic.  We  shall  show 
this  to  have  been  the  case,  and,  basing  our 
statements  on  the  most  creditable  authority, 
indicate  the  principal  features  of  each 
system.     The  information,  it  is  true,  which 


has  been  bequeathed  to  us,  and  elucidated 
by  the  learning  and  diligence  of  numerous 
scholars,  is  far  from  complete ;  but  enough 
may  be  collected  among  the  antiquities  of 
Israel,  Greece,  Rome,  and  Egypt,  to  esta- 
blish a  fair  opinion.  The  general  design  of 
this  inquiry  will  be  to  draw  a  view  of  the 
position  occupied  by  the  female  sex  in  dif- 
ferent ages  and  countries,  to  measure  the 
estimation  in  which  it  was  held,  to  fix  the 
accepted  standard  of  morality,  to  ascertain 
the  recognised  significance  of  the  marriage 
contract,  the  laws  relating  to  polygamy  and 
concubinage,  the  value  at  which  feminine 
virtue  and  modesty  were  held,  and  thus  to 
consider  the  prostitute  in  relation  to  the 
system  of  which  she  formed  a  part.  She 
will  be  the  particular  object  of  investi- 
gation ;  but  the  others  are  by  no  means 
unimportant.  They  are,  indeed,  necessary 
to  a  just  and  comprehensive  view  of  the 
question  before  us.  In  a  society  where  men 
lived  in  brutal  promiscuousness  with  the 
women,  prostitution  could  scarcely  exist ; 
where  chastity  was  lightly  esteemed,  and 
marriage  held  to  be  a  loose  contract  for 
social  purposes,  adultery  could  hardly  be 
very  full  of  shame.  In  this,  therefore,  as 
in  all  other  inquiries,  it  is  necessary  to  view 
the  actual  object  in  relation  to  others  which 
are  invariably  connected  with  it.  There  is 
no  universal,  unvarying  standard,  by  which 
even  prostitution  can  be  measured.  Cir- 
cumstances, not  belonging,  yet  not  entirely 
foreign  to  it,  are  to  be  considered.  Conse- 
quently, while  we  hold  that  in  view  as  the 
main  ground  of  research,  we  shall,  where 
materials  allow,  draw  a  sketch  of  the  situa- 
tion occupied  by  the  female  sex,  and  of  the 
other  traits  of  civilization  to  which  we  have 
referred. 

In  a  general  view,  Greece  and  Rome, 
with  the  great  city  of  Babylon,  stand  most 
prominently  forward  with  their  system  of 
prostitution.  Closer  inquiry,  however,  in- 
duces us  to  hesitate  before  assigning  them 
that  distinction.  Of  the  two  classical  states 
especially,  it  is  because  our  information  is 
more  immediate  and  complete,  that  their 
public  immorality  is  more  remarkable. 
The  poets  of  the  earlier,  and  the  historians 
of  the  later,  period,  have  transmitted  to  us 
numerous  accounts  of  the  manners  and 
customs  of  Greece  and  Rome ;  their  painters 
have  left  us  views, — their  architects  and 
sculptors,  monuments  of  their  civilization. 
Their  moralists  and  satirists  have  enlarged 
on  the  prevalent  vices,  and  from  all  these 
sources  we  are  enabled  to  derive  clearer  ideas 
of  their  women,  and  especially  their  prosti- 
tution. Besides,  in  a  polished  state,  with 
pure    manners    the    prostitute    class    will 


38 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


always  be  more  distinct,  and  therefore  moi-e 
conspicuous. 

Babylon,  far  more  than  a  thousand  years 
ago,  was  a  proverb  of  immorality.  Her 
name  and  the  name  of  Whore  have  been 
associated  ideas,  not  on  account  only  of 
the  idolatry  practised  by  her  people,  but 
on  account  of  their  licentious  manners. 
Concerning  Egypt,  though  Diodorus  and 
Herodotus  wrote  of  it,  little  is  known ;  of 
the  marriage  ceremony  absolutely  nothing. 
The  prostitutes  are  not  described  ;  but,  from 
every  trace  and  record  of  their  civilization 
which  has  been  preserved,  it  is  evident  that 
a  large  class  addicted  itself  to  this  calling. 
Who  were  the  public  musicians,  disrepu- 
table in  the  eyes  of  all  other  persons  1 — who 
"were  the  dancers  w^ho  performed  their  wan- 
ton feats  at  the  entertainments  of  the  rich, 
and  stripped  themselves  half,  or  entirely, 
naked  before  their  couches  1 — who  were  the 
drunken  women,  who  bared  their  bodies, 
and  capered  in  that  state  on  the  Nile  boats, 
during  the  festival  of  Bubastis  1 — who  were 
they  who  assisted  at  the  sacerdotal  orgies, 
which  defiled  the  temples  of  ancient  Egypt  ? 
— who  could  they  have  been,  but  women  of 
abandoned  character,  who  prostituted  them- 
selves for  vile  purposes,  for  gain  or  pleasure  ? 

Among  the  Jews,  again,  the  continually 
reiterated  allusions  to  harlots,  in  the  Scrip- 
tures, the  abominations  perpetually  charged 
to  their  account,  the  threats  pronounced 
upon  their  wickedness,  the  frequent  allu- 
sions to  their  licentious  manners,  indicate 
a  wide  prevalence  of  this  system.  Among 
a  people  so  commonly  guilty  of  nameless 
crimes,  we  cannot  expect  to  find  chastity 
a  peculiar  virtue.  Indeed,  it  is  seldom 
such  vices  are  practised  until  all  the  in- 
ferior offences  against  decency  have  become 
insipid  through  satiety.  The  writers,  there- 
fore, who  parade  before  us  the  civilization 
of  the  Jews,  as  an  example  of  public  mo- 
rality, base  their  conclusions  on  a  strange 
interpretation  of  facts.  To  contrast  them 
with  the  manners  of  Attic  Greece,  is  a  pure 
satire  on  common  sense.  Sparta  was  licen- 
tious, but  not  in  the  low  and  gross  manner 
of  the  Jews.  Athens  harboured  a  licen- 
tious class;  but  none  like  those  bestial 
voluptuaries  among  the  Hebrews,  in  whom 
lust  became  a  loathsome  passion.  Although, 
therefore,  the  actual  manners  of  ancient 
Israel  have  been  less  vividly  described  than 
those  of  Greece,  it  is  evident  from  the 
tenour  of  Scripture  history,  that  morality 
there  was  less  pure  than  in  the  Attic  state. 

Home,  under  the  republic,  was,  perhaps, 
still  farther  removed  fiom  the  charge  of  cor- 
ruption. Prostitutes  it  had,  and  brothels; 
but   its   women   were    generally   virtuous. 


The  chastity  of  the  Roman  matron  has 
passed  into  a  proverb.  It  was,  however,  if 
we  may  credit  the  historian  Tacitus,  ex- 
ceeded by  the  modesty  of  the  women  in 
ancient  Germany.  Among  them  morals  ap- 
pear purged  of  licentiousness.  Polygamy 
was  forbidden,  and  practised  only  by  the 
petty  kings  who  set  themselves  above  the 
law.  The  manners  of  the  people,  rather 
than  the  enactments  of  their  code,  pro- 
hibited divorce.  Adultery,  rare  as  it  was, 
ranked  as  an  inexpiable  crime;  while  se- 
duction was  condemned,  and  prostitution 
unknown.  It  was  not,  however,  the  severity 
of  the  law  which  enforced  the  virtue  ;  it 
was  the  virtue  that  imparted  its  spirit  to 
the  law.  From  the  morals  of  ancient  Ger- 
many, the  lawgivers  of  society  might  learn 
many  useful  lessons.  Bars  and  bolts,  mul- 
tiplied walls,  troops  of  eunuchs,  jealous 
lattices,  and  the  dread  of  punishment,  failed 
to  guard  the  harems  of  the  East ;  while 
the  hut  of  the  German  barbarian,  open  on 
all  sides,  was  impregnable  against  the  se- 
ducer. The  poor  toy  of  the  Persian's  se- 
raglio, protected  by  a  hundred  devices, 
often  eluded  them  all ;  but  the  German 
women  were  the  guardians  of  their  own 
honour.  They  may  be  described  as  possess- 
ing all  the  virtues,  without  the  vices,  of 
the  stern  Spartan  stock ;  and,  living  on 
terms  of  equality  with  the  men,  held  their 
virtue  at  too  dear  a  price  to  prostitute  it 
for  admiration,  or  lust,  or  money.  Civiliza- 
tion, in  this  respect,  has  done  the  Germans 
a  very  ill  office. 

Allied  to  these  fierce  wanderers  in  the 
Hyrcynian  wood  were  the  Saxons,  from 
whom  our  ancestors  descended.  We  shall 
find  among  them,  on  their  native  soil, 
similar  manners,  especially  in  the  cir- 
cumstance of  the  adulteress  being  whipped 
without  mercy  through  the  village.  Among 
them  prevailed,  however,  an  enlightened 
reverence  for  the  female  sex,  which  con- 
trasted strongly  with  the  ideas  of  many 
surrounding  nations,  who  looked  on  a 
woman  as  a  creature  merely  dedicated  to 
the  service  and  gratification  of  man.  They 
brought  over  to  England  institutions  sus- 
ceptible of  being  moulded  to  a  different 
form.  They  became  more  refined  and  less 
moral.  Whenever,  indeed,  rude  men,  who 
have  not  given  themselves  up  to  the  in- 
dulgence of  their  low  physical  appetites, 
turn  from  the  chase,  from  war,  and  similar 
rough  occupations,  to  the  framing  of  laws, 
to  the  formation  of  society,  to  any  intel- 
lectual exercise,  it  appears  natural  that 
other  propensities  should  be  awakened  in 
them,  and  of  these  the  sensual  always  form 
a  part.     It  is,  consequently,  interesting  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


39 


study  tlie  progress  of  manners  from  stage 
to  stage  of  civilization,  from  the  rudest 
tribe  to  the  most  refined  community. 

We  shall  occupy  ourselves  first  with  the 
Hebrew  republic,  and  then  with  the  mo- 
narchy which  succeeded  it.  From  Israel  we 
proceed  to  Egypt,  related  to  it  in  various 
ways.  Thence  our  attention  will  be  directed 
to  Greece,  which  offered  models  to  the 
statesmen  and  public  economists  of  all 
time.  The  contrast  between  the  Ionic  and 
the  Doric  states  will  be  presented.  Then 
we  shall  proceed  to  Rome,  which  will  lead 
us  to  the  Anglo-Saxons,  others  being  in- 
cidentally noticed  by  the  way. 

In  all,  as  far  as  our  limits  and  our  ma- 
terials will  allow,  a  sketch  of  the  condition 
of  women,  the  national  ideas  of  feminine 
virtue,  the  laws  of  marriage,  and  the  extent 
of  prostitution,  will  be  given  ;  and  thus 
the  reader  will  be  prepared  to  enter  on  the 
wider  field  of  modern  society  abroad.  This 
will  be  divided  into  the  barbarous  and  the 
civilized ;  and  of  the  barbarous,  the  hunters, 
fishers,  shepherds,  and  tillers  of  the  soil, 
may  be  separately  noticed. 

The  account  of  every  ancient  people 
will  not  be  equally  complete,  because  the 
sources  of  information  ar»  not  so.  Thus 
of  Egypt,  its  marriage-customs  are  wholly 
unknown  ;  of  the  Anglo-Saxons,  although 
the  learning  and  industry  of  ShPvron  Turner 
have  been  employed  upon  them,  our  know- 
ledge is  extremely  imperfect.  Even  Rome 
and  Greece,  though  they  present  us  with 
the  general  features  of  their  social  sys- 
tems, disappoint  us  when  we  search  into 
details,  Keverfcheless,  the  reader  may  be 
enabled,  as  w^e  have  before  said,  to  form  a 
just  idea  of  the  condition  of  women  in 
antiquity ;  for  the  researches  of  modern 
scholars  have  succeeded,  at  least,  in  laying 
bare  the  principal  roots  of  the  ancient 
system,  upon  which  all  the  institutions  of 
existing  society  are,  in  one  form  or  another, 
established. 

Of  Prostitution^  among  the  Jews  and 
OTHER  Ancient  JS^ations. 

A  SLIGHT  and  rapid  view  of  the  subject 
in  connection  with  the  Jews,  and  more 
obscure  nations  of  antiquity,  is  all  that  can 
here  be  attempted.  With  reference  to  the 
republic  of  the  Hebrew  race,  though  the 
ingenuity  of  modern  writers  has  built  up 
very  pleasing  theories,  described  as  the 
manners  and  customs  of  the  Jews,  we  can 
lopk  nowhere  for  information  except  to  the 
Bible,  and,  in  a  later  age,  to  Josephus. 

The  position  of  woman  among  the  Jews 
v/as  by  no  means  exalted.     She  was  seldom 


consulted  by  her  friends,  when  an  union 
with  her  was  desired  by  a  wealthy  suitor. 
Indeed,  in  the  patriarchal  times  she  was 
regarded  more  as  her  husband's  property 
than  as  his  companion.  Such  must  in- 
variably be  the  case  v/here  polygamy  and 
concubinage  are  institutions  of  society. 
At  a  still  earlier  period  the  customs  of 
society  were  even  more  at  variance  with 
our  ideas.  Of  course  the  sons  of  Adam 
must  have  married  their  sisters,  and  the 
practice  continued  after  the  necessity  for 
it  had  ceased.  Abraham  formed  such  an 
union  without  exciting  surprise.  The 
patriarchs  permitted  men  to  wed  two  sisters 
at  once,  but  the  law  of  Moses  brought  a 
reform  of  marriage  customs  among  the 
Jews  *  They  discontinued  the  intercourse 
between  blood-relatives  long  before  it  was 
abandoned  by  the  surrounding  nations. 
Marriages  with  sisters  not  by  the  same 
mother  were  forbidden  in  the  Mosaic  code. 
Previously,  however,  none  were  unlawful 
except  those  of  a  man  with  his  mother,  or 
mother-in-law,  or  full  sister.  In  the  new 
dispensation  the  widow  of  a  deceased 
brother  was  placed  vathin  the  prohibited 
degree  of  consanguinity. 

The  laws  against  adultery  were  severe  ; 
death  was  ordained  for  both  the  guilty 
persons,  and  the  punishment  appears  always 
to  have  been  by  stoning.  Many  victims, 
doubtless,  perished  under  this  cruel  code  ; 
but  the  example  of  Jesus  Christ  gave  a 
new  lesson  to  mankind.  The  woman  was 
brought  before  him,  and  the  Jews  claimed 
her  condemnation.  They  asked  him  "should 
she  be  stoned."  Had  he  said  no,  they 
might  have  charged  him  with  favouring 
adultery,  and  denying  the  Mosaic  law"; 
had  he  said  yes,  the  Romans  might  have 
impeached  him,  for  they  had  assumed  the 
distribution  of  justice,  and  abolished  the 
punishment  of  death  for  adultery.  But 
he  evaded  their  malice,  and  gave  the  law 
of  mercy.  "  Let  him  that  is  without  sin 
among  you  cast  the  first  stone."  They  all 
went  out,  and  when  he  was  alone  with  her 
he  said,  "  Hath  no  man  condemned  thee  ?  " 
She  answered,  "  No  man,  Lord."  And  he 
again_  said,  "  Neither  do  I  condemn  thee— go ^ 
and  sin  no  more^ 

That  sentence  should  ever  be  in  re- 
membrance when  we  frame  our  moral 
code. 

*  The  marriage  institution  is  mentioned  early 
in  Genesis  vi.  1,  2, "  And  it  came  to  pass,  when 
men  began  to  multiply  on  the  face  of  the  earth, 
and  daughters  were  born  unto  them, 

"  That  the  sons  of  God  saw  the  daughters  of 
men  that  they  Avere  fair  ;  and  they  took  them 
wives  of  all  which  they  chose." 


40 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


1 


Adultery,  however,  was  a  crime  only  to 
be  committed  with  a  married  woman,  or 
one  who  was  betrothed.  The  man's  mar- 
riage placed  him  under  no  obligation  to 
abstain  from  intercourse  with  other  than 
his  wife.  Wives  to  the  number  of  four 
were  allowed,  while  concubinage  was  un- 
limited. The  first  wife,  however,  was 
superior  to  the  others.  Jealousy,  therefore, 
among  the  Jewish  women  could  not  have 
been  a  powerful  feeling.  Indeed  we  find 
strong  proofs  to  the  contrary.  When  Sarah 
found  herself  barren,  she  gave  Hagar,  her 
Egyptian  maid,  to  Abraham,  as  a  concu- 
bine or  inferior  wife.  Other  women,  fre- 
quently, on  discovering  themselves  to  be 
sterile,  begged  their  husbands  to  procure 
another  companion  of  the  bed,  that  they 
might  not  die  childless.  Similar  instances 
are  common  in  the  social  history  of  the 
East. 

Marriage  with  an  idolater  was  forbidden  ; 
but  a  nian  might  marry  a  proselyte 
captive.  When  he  saw  a  beautiful  woman 
among  his  prisoners  of  war,  he  was  to  take 
her  home,  shave  her  head,  pare  her  nails, 
change  her  raiment  into  that  of  a  free  per- 
son, and  as  he  had  humhled  her,  was  forbid- 
den to  make  merchandise  of  her  again.  The 
possession,  nevertheless,  of  two  wives  by  a 
private  individual  was  a  rare  thing.  Popular 
feeling  was  generally  averse  to  it.  The 
personages  who  most  commonly  practised 
it  were  the  great  men  and  kings,  who  were 
most  expressly  prohibited.  In  the  Book  of 
Deuteronomy,  when  the  degraded  Israelites 
had  clamoured  for  a  king,  the  law  was 
given,  "  .Neither  shall  he  multiply  wives  to 
himself,  so  that  his  heart  turn  not  away." 
No  command  was  more  frequently  broken 
in  the  palaces  of  Israel.  David  had  an 
immense  harem  ;  it  seemed  to  be  reckoned 
among  the  regalia.  Solomon,  who  married 
Pharaoh's  daughter,  had  seven  hundred 
wives  —  princesses  —  and  three  hundred 
concubines  ;  but  we  find  that  he  "  did  evil 
in  the  sight  of  the  Lord,"  and  that  "  his 
heart  was  turned  away." 

Respecting  the  children  born  to  these  pa- 
rents there  was  a  change  in  the  law.  In  Ge- 
nesis a  man  was  allowed  to  transfer  the  in- 
heritance to  a  favourite  child;  but,  probably 
from  the  many  flagitious  actions  committed, 
it  was  in  Deuteronomy  ordained,  that  if 
a  man  had  two  wives,  of  whom  he  hated 
one  and  loved  the  other — each  bearing  a 
child,  the  first-born,  whether  of  the  loved 
or  the  hated  woman,  should  enjoy  the  right 
of  inheritance. 

From  all  the  passages  in  Scripture  re- 
ferring to  this  subject,  it  appears  that 
women  among  the  Jews  held  but  an  in- 


different position,  being  made  the  subject 
of  barter,  and  that  marriage  was  not  a 
sacred  but  a  civil  institution, — a  legal  bond, 
which  might  be  broken  by  a  legal  act. 
Matches  were  usually  made  by  the  woman's 
kindred,  she  herself  being  a  secondary 
actor  in  the  transaction. 

Throughout  the  Bible,  notwithstanding, 
we  find  women  held  by  the  inspired  writers 
in  great  respect,  their  treatment  by  the 
rebellious  Jews,  as  they  sank  through 
various  degrees  of  corruption,  being  con- 
tinually set  forth  among  the  abominations 
practised  by  that  flagitious  people. 

In  the  Scriptures  we  discover  innumer- 
able references  to  women,  and  to  prostitutes 
in  particular ;  but,  collecting  and  comparing 
them  all,  we  find  for  our  present  purpose  ma- 
terials by  no  means  abundant :  there  is  no 
exact  information.  Prostitutes,  we  know, 
existed,  and  we  are  told  in  what  estimation 
they  were  held  ;  that  they  stood  at  the 
corners  of  streets,  that  they  practised  many 
seductive  arts,  and  sold  themselves  at  a 
very  cheap  rate :  but  how  many  they  were, 
how  they  lived,  what  was  the  nature  of 
their  places  of  resort,  we  are  left  unin- 
formed, or  guided  only  by  obscure  allusions. 
Nevertheless,  sufficient  is  known  upon 
which  to  base  a  view  of  the  condition  of 
women,  and  the  extent  of  morality  among 
the  most  ancient  nation  recognised  in 
history. 

In  the  book  of  Genesis,  whence  we  obtain 
our  first  glimpses  of  the  social  history  of 
mankind,  we  find  interesting,  though  im- 
perfect, sketches  of  a  curious  state  of  society. 
We  meet,  even  so  early  as  this,  with  a 
woman  wearing  a  veil,  not  taking  her 
meals  in  company  with  men,  living  in 
separate  apartments,  and  presenting  a 
model  of  the  system  still  prevalent  in  the 
East.  Simplicity  and  luxury  in  strange 
combination  characterized  the  manners  of 
that  remote  age.  Their  morals  appear  to 
have  been  at  all  times  gross  ;  and  one  of 
the  principal  tasks  of  legislation  was  to 
restrain  the  licentiousness  to  which  the 
people  were  so  prone  to  abandon  them- 
selves. Many  barbarous  races  present  at 
this  day  social  institutions  similar  to  those 
of  the  Jews,  whence  many  writers  have 
traced  them  to  that  stock.  It  is  more  pro- 
bable, however,  that  similar  manners  grow 
out  of  a  similar  condition. 

Several  writers,  we  know,  contend  for 
the  purity  of  manners  among  the  Jews, 
and  point  to  the  rigid  laws  which  ruled 
them.  '  The  social  history  of  mankind, 
however,  if  it  proves  anything,  proves  this, 
that  it  is  not  by  any  means  the  nation 
with  the  severest  code  which  is  the  most 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


41 


virtuous.  Examples  of  the  contrary  might 
be  multiplied.  No  state,  savage  or  civi- 
lized, could  ever  have  more  rigorous  laws 
than  Achin  and  Japan,  and  nowhere  have 
the  people  been  more  flagitious.  While 
the  Draconic  code  was  in  force,  morals  in 
Greece  went  to  rot.  Consequently,  if  we 
are  to  consider  the  Jews  to  have  been  a 
moral  people,  it  must  certainly  not  be  on 
the  ground  of  their  severe  laws.  Arguing 
from  that,  a  contrary  inference  should  be 
drawn.  The  direct  evidence,  however, 
tends  the  other  way.  Chastity  appears  to 
have  been  by  no  means  a  favourite  virtue. 
Not  to  allude  to  the  unnatural  abomina- 
tions mentioned  in  the  Bible,  it  is  certain 
that  there  existed  a  considerable  class  of 
public  women,  who  prostituted  themselves 
to  any  one  for  a  certain  reward. 

The  story  of  Tamar  is  a  curious  illustra- 
tion of  this  subject.  To  impose  on  Judah, 
and  bear  a  child  by  him,  and  in  spite  of 
him,  she  assumes  the  habit  and  appearance 
of  a  regular  prostitute.  She  then  goes  out, 
and  sitting  down  by  the  highway  covers 
her  face.  Judah  thought  her  to  be  a 
harlot,  "  because  she  covered  her  face," 
which,  as  the  commentators  tell  us,  it  was 
the  custom  for  such  women  to  do,  as 
among  the  same  class  of  females  in  Persia, 
in  mimicry  of  a  shame  they  did  not  feel. 
Judah  speaks  to  her,  and  says,  "  Go  to,  I 
pray  thee,  let  me  come  in  unto  thee."  She 
answers,  "What  wilt  thou  give  me,  that 
thou  mayest  come  in  unto  me  I '  He  pro- 
mises to  give  her  a  kid  from  his  flock,  but 
she  demands  a  pledge  ;  this  he  gave,  and 
went  with  her. 

The  circumstance  is  related  in  a  manner 
which  seems  to  show  that  the  practice  was 
common  with  men,  nor  does  any  particular 
disgrace  appear  to  attach  to  it.  When, 
however,  Judah  learns  that  his  daughter- 
in-law  Tamar  is  "  with  child  by  whoredom," 
he  condemns  her  to  the  punishment  of 
death  by  burning,  on  the  secret  being  at 
length  revealed  to  him  '^.     We  have  here  a 

*  The  passage  here  alluded  to  is  as  follows  : — 

"  Then  said  Judah  to  Tamar  his  daughter  in 
law,  Remain  a  widow  at  thy  father's  house,  till 
Shelah  my  son  be  grown  :  for  he  said,  Lest  perad- 
venture  he  die  also,  as  his  brethren  did.  And 
Tamar  went  and  dwelt  in  her  father's  house. 

"  And  in  process  of  time  the  daughter  of 
Shuah  Judah 's  wife  died ;  and  Judah  was  com- 
forted, and  went  up  unto  his  sheepshearers  to 
Tiranath,  he  and  his  friend  Hirah  the  AduUa- 
mite. 

"  And  it  was  told  Tamar,  saying,  Behold  thy 
father  in  law  goeth  up  to  Timnath  to  shear  his 
sheep. 

"  And  she  put  her  widow's  garments  ofi  from 


singular  illustration  of  manners  among  the 
primitive  tribes  of  that  great  family  of 
mankind.  The  corruption  of  manners 
reached,  it  is  probable,  a  high  degree  before 
the  laws  were  given. 

Where  concubinage  was  practised,  femi- 
nine virtue  could  not  be  held  as  a  precious 
possession.  The  intercourse  accordingly 
of  a  married  man  with  an  unmarried 
woman  was  esteemed  simply  as  a  proof 
of  deficient  chastity.  At  the  same  time, 
the  encouragement  of  prostitution,  or  "  the 
feeding  of  whores,"  is  denounced  as  the 
conduct  of  foolish  and  profligate  men, 
who  unwisely  waste  their  substance.     The 

her,  and  covered  her  with  a  vail,  and  wrapped 
herself,  and  sat  in  an  open  place,  which  is  by  the 
way  to  Timnath ;  for  she  saw  that  Shelah  was 
grown,  and  she  was  not  given  unto  him  to  wife. 

"  When  Judah  saw  her,  he  thought  her  to  be 
an  harlot ;  because  she  had  covered  her  face. 

"  And  he  turned  unto  her  by  the  way,  and 
said.  Go  to,  I  pray  thee,  let  me  come  in  unto 
thee ;  (for  he  knew  not  that  she  was  his  daughter 
in  law.)  And  she  said.  What  wilt  thou  give  me, 
that  thou  mayest  come  in  unto  me  ? 

"  And  he  said,  I  will  send  thee  a  kid  from  the 
flock.  And  she  said,  Wilt  thou  give  me  a  pledge, 
till  thou  send  itl 

"  And  he  said.  What  pledge  shall  I  give  thee? 
And  she  said,  Thy  signet,  and  thy  bracelets,  and 
thy  staff  that  is  thine  hand.  And  he  gave  it  her 
and  came  in  unto  her,  and  she  conceived  by  him. 

"  And  she  arose,  and  went  away,  and  laid  by 
her  vail  from  her,  and  put  on  the  garments  of  her 
widowhood. 

**  And  Judah  sent  the  kid  by  the  hand  of  his 
friend  the  Adullamite,  to  receive  his  pledge  from 
the  woman's  hand  :  but  he  found  her  not. 

"  Then  he  asked  the  men  of  that  place,  saying, 
Where  is  the  harlot,  that  was  openly  by  the  way 
side?  And  they  said,  There  was  no  harlot  in 
this  place. 

"  And  he  returned  to  Judah,  and  said,  I 
cannot  find  her;  and  also  the  men  of  the  place 
said,  that  there  was  no  harlot  in  this  place. 

"  And  Judah  said.  Let  her  take  it  to  her,  lest 
we  be  shamed  :  behold,  I  sent  this  kid,  and  thou 
hast  not  found  her. 

"  And  it  came  to  pass  about  three  months  after, 
that  it  was  told  Judah,  saying,  Tamar  thy  daughter 
in  law  hath  played  the  harlot ;  and  also,  behold, 
she  is  with  child  by  whoredom.  And  Judah 
said,  Bring  her  forth,  and  let  her  be  burnt. 

"  When  she  was  brought  forth,  she  sent  to  her 
father  in  law,  saying.  By  the  man,  whose  these 
are,  am  I  with  child  :  and  she  said,  Discern,  T 
pray  thee,  whose  are  these,  the  signet,  and 
bracelets,  and  staff. 

"  And  Judah  acknowledged  them,  and  said, 
She  hath  been  more  righteous  than  I ;  because 
that  I  gave  her  not  to  Shelah  my  son.  And  he 
knew  her  again  no  more." — Gen.  xxxviii.  11—26. 


42 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


class  of  prostitutes  was  held  in  very  low 
esteeni;  they  were,  in  general,  foreigners 
and  heathens,  and  are  spoken  of  usually  as 
"  strange  Avomen."  Delilah,  who  beguiled 
Sampson^  was  probably  a  Philistine,  though 
it  is  not  certain  that  she  was  not  an  Israel- 
ite. At  any  rate,  there  appear  to  have 
been  many  Jewish  women,  of  the  lowest 
order,  who  followed  this  degrading  occupa- 
tion. To  render  them  as  few  as  ])ossible,  a 
law  was  passed  forbidding  men,  under  severe 
penalties,  from  bringing  up  their  daughters 
to  prostitution  for  gain.  Legislation,  how- 
ever, could  not  entirely  restrain  the  vicious 
from  such  a  course  of  life. 

Apparently  the  prostitutes,  among  the 
Jews,  sometimes  obtained  husbands.  Priests, 
however,  were  forbidden  on  any  account  to 
marry  a  harlot,  or  indeed  any  woman 
with  even  a  breath  of  imputation  on  her 
fame.  For  the  daughter  of  a  priest,  who 
took  to  the  calling  of  a  prostitute,  the 
punishment  was  death  by  burning.  For 
any  woman  it  was  infamous,  but  in  spite 
of  what  Avas  laid  down  in  the  law,  or  by  the 
public  opinion  of  the  Jews,  cities  never 
v/anted  prostitutes,  and  women  walked  the 
streets,  or  stood  in  groups  at  the  corners, 
ready  to  entrap  the  young  men  who  came 
forth  in  quest  of  pleasure.  Among  the 
exhortations  of  parents  to  their  sons,  and 
of  patriarchs  to  youth,  we  always  find  an 
injunction  to  beware  of  strange  women, 
which  implies  a  considerable  prevalence  of 
the  system.  The  readers  of  the  Bible  will 
at  once  remember  the  many  passages  of 
this  kind  contained  in  that  volume*. 

With  respect  to  prostitution  among 
the  Jews,  an  illustration  is  afforded  by  the 
story  of  the  two  mothers  who  came  before 
Solomon  for  judgment.  They  were  harlots, 
though  bearing  children,  and  they  said  they 
dv/elt  in  one  house,  and  "  there  was  no 
stranger  with  us  in  the  house."  Another 
is  afibrded  by  the  account  of  the  two  men 
whom  Joshua  sent  out  as  spies.  They  came 
into  a  harlot's  house  at  llabbah — a  brothel, 
in  fact,  where,  as  at  Rome  in  the  Imperial 
age,  the  woman  sat  impudently,  without 
a  veil,  at  the  door,  and  solicited  the 
passers  by.  They  wore  peculiar  clothing. 
In  addition  to  the  vile  customs  of  the 
East,  we  find,  "  Thou  shalt  not  bring  into 
the  temple  the  price  of  a  whore."     This 

*  All  this  is  based  on  the  authority  of  the 
Bible.  Elucidations  also  have  been  afforded  by 
"  The  Book  of  the  Religion  &c.,  of  the  Jews," 
from  the  Hebrew,  by  Gamaliel  ben  Peldalizur ; 
"  The  Laws  and  Polity  of  the  Jews,"  Sigonius, 
"  Ilepublica  HebraeoruM  ;  "  and  the  various  com- 
mentators. 


was  to  guard  against  the  introduction  of  a 
practice  not  uncommon  among  some  ancient 
and  modern  nations,  of  the  priests  enrich- 
ing themselves  and  their  temple  by  hiring 
out  prostitutes  "*. 

Another  state,  known  to  us  from  Scrip- 
ture, is  Babylon,  surnamed  the  Whore,  as 
well  from  its  profligacy  as  its  idolatry.  The 
one,  indeed,  was  accompanied  by  the  other. 
Luxury  and  debauch  were  carried  to  the 
highest  excess.  The  Temple  of  Venus, — a 
goddess  known  there  as  Mylitta, — was  sacred 
to  prostitution.  The  priests  had,  in  im- 
memorial time,  invented  a  law  that  every 
woman  should  once  in  her  life  present  her- 
self at  the  temple,  and  prostitute  her  body 
to  any  stranger  who  might  desire  it.  Con- 
secrated by  religion,  this  act  appeared 
odious  to  few  of  the  Babylonian  citizens. 
The  woman  came,  dressed  brilliantly,  and 
crowned  with  a  garland  of  flowers ;  she  sat 
down  with  her  companions  in  a  place  v.here 
the  strangers  who  tilled  the  galleries  might 
observe  and  make  choice  of  their  victims. 
Numbers  were  found  always  ready  enough 
to  enjoy  the  privilege  procured  for  them  by 
the  priests.  When  a  man  had  selected  one 
of  the  women  who  pleased  him  most,  he 
came  down,  and  making  her  a  present  of 
money,  which  she  was  compelled  to  take, 
took  her  hand  and  said,  "  I  implore  in  thy 
favour  the  goddess  Mylitta!"  He  then  led 
her  to  a  retired  spot  and  consummated  the 
transaction.  Having  once  entered  the  tern- 
pie  it  was  impossible  for  any  ordinary  v/oman 
to  return  home  without  having  prostituted 
herself.  Nevertheless,  the  priests  allowed 
some  ladies  of  rank  and  wealth  to  make  a 
bargain  for  their  chastity,  which  they  pro- 
bably desired  to  dispose  of  more  agreeably 
to  their  own  caprice.  These  few  privileged 
persons  went  through  the  ceremonies  with- 
out performing  the  usual  act  of  prostitution. 
At  the  taking  of  Babylon  by  Cyrus,  men 
were  found  ready  to  hire  out  their  daughters 
and  prostitute  them  for  profit,  while  in  the 
Alexandrian  age  men  sent  their  wdves  to 
strangers  for  a  sum  of  money  f. 

Throughout  the  countries  of  the  East, 
upon  the  history  of  which  at  that  early 
period  any  light  has  been  thrown,  we  dis- 
cover the  prevalence  of  similar  customs. 
The  most  celebrated  api)ear  the  most  licen- 
tious, but  probably  only  because  they  have 

*  Mary  Magdalene,  of  Magdala,  was  not  the 
sinner,  the  woman  of  the  city,  who  washed  the 
feet  of  Jesus.  She  appears  to  have  been  a  re- 
putable person,  while  the  other  had  been  a  prosti- 
tute. What  a  lesson  is  read  to  us  by  CJirist"s 
behaviour  to  her  ! 

+  See  Goguet,  "  Origine  des  Loix,"  Avith  Hero- 
dotus, Strabo,  and  Quintus  Curtiiis. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


43 


been  the  most  strictly  investigated.  The 
wealthy  and  luxurious  capitals,  in  which 
the  spoils  of  great  conquests  were  piled  up, 
never  failed  to  supply  a  sufficient  number 
of  abandoned  women,  supported  by  the 
looser  sort  of  men,  in  various  degrees  of 
position,  from  penury  to  splendour.  Though 
circumstances  of  time  and  place,  of  religion 
and  civilization,  imparted  peculiar  charac- 
teristics to  the  prostitute  class  of  each  age 
and  country,  the  general  features  of  the 
system  were  invariably  the  same,  and  the 
prostitutes  of  Babylon  resembled  very  much 
the  prostitutes  of  New  Orleans  and  London. 
We  turn  next  to  ancient  Egypt,  a  country 
of  whose  laws  and  manners  we  have  had 
interesting,  if  not  complete,  accounts  be- 
queathed us. 

Op  Prostitution"  in  ancient  Egypt, 
Turning  to  ancient  Egypt,  we  find,  in  the 
records  of  that  singular  people,  little 
directly  bearing  on  the  question  before  us. 
Herodotus,  and  Diodorus  the  Sicilian,  are 
almost  the  sole  lights  which  guide  us  in 
our  researches  among  them.  Recently,  the 
labours  of  a  learned  antiquarian  have  tended 
to  increase  our  acquaintance  with  the 
people  of  old  Egypt,  by  translating  into  lan- 
guage the  volumes  of  information  engraved 
or  painted  on  the  walls  of  tombs,  temples, 
palaces,  and  monuments,  so  numerous  in  the 
cities  on  the  banks  of  the  Nile.  We  have 
thus  had  broad  glimpses  of  the  ancient 
history,  the  geography,  population,  govern- 
ment, the  arts,  the  industry,  and  the 
manners  of  that  country  at  that  period  ; 
but  the  extent  of  the  prostitute  system 
has  not  been  touched  upon.  Nevertheless, 
as  one  of  the  most  ancient  civilizations 
known  to  history,  Egyptian  society  de- 
serves some  attention,  and  it  is  worth  while 
to  glance  at  the  general  condition  of  its 
women,  especially  as  a  few  facts  throw 
light  on  the  especial  point  of  our  inquiry. 

The  position  of  a  woman  in  ancient 
Egypt  was  in  some  respects  remarkable. 
Entire  mistress  of  the  household,  she  ex- 
ercised considerable  influence  over  her 
husband,  and  was  not  subjected  to  any 
intolerable  tyranny.  In  all  countries,  how- 
ever, where  concubinage  is  allowed,  the 
condition  of  the  sex  must  be  in  a  degree 
degraded.  Herodotus  tells  us  that  the 
Egyptians  married  only  one  wife,  Diodorus 
that  they  married  as  many  as  they  pleased, 
the  restriction  applying  only  to  the  sacer- 
dotal order.  The  contradiction  may  be 
reconciled  by  supposing  that  the  former 
writer  described  the  general  practice,  and 
the  latter  the  permission  granted  by  the 
law ;  or,  which  is  more  probable,  that  he 


confounded  concubinage  with  polygamy. 
From  frequent  allusions  to  this  system  we 
know  it  was  tolerated.  Wise  laws,  how- 
ever, held  a  check  upon  the  practice. 
Every  child,  the  fruit  of  whatever  imion, 
was  to  be  reared  by  its  parents,  infanticide 
being  severely  punished.  Hlegitimacy  was 
a  term  not  recognised.  The  son  of  the 
free,  and  the  son  of  the  bondwoman,  had 
an  equal  right  to  inheritance,  the  father 
alone  being  referred  to,  since  the  mother 
was  viewed  as  little  more  than  a  nurse  to 
her  own  offspring.  Women  in  Egypt  bore 
numerous  children,  which  rendered  many 
concubines  a  burden  too  heavy  for  any  but 
the  wealthy  to  bear ;  nevertheless,  some 
did  indulge  themselves  in  this  manner, 
procuring  young  girls  from  the  slave- 
merchants  who  came  from  abroad,  or  cap- 
tives taken  in  the  field. 

In  a  country  where  the  marriage  of 
brother  and  sister  was  allowed,  we  might 
expect  to  find  curious  laws  relating  to  the 
subject  before  us.  But  they  were  not  cu- 
rious, in  any  particular  degree.  Adultery 
was  punished  in  the  woman  by  the  ampu- 
tation of  her  nose,  in  the  man  by  a  thousand 
blows  with  a  stick.  The  wealthier  men 
were  extremely  jealous,  forcing  their  wives 
to  go  barefooted,  that  they  might  not 
wander  in  the  streets.  Eunuchs,  also,  were 
maintained  by  some.  Among  classes  of  a 
lower  grade,  the  women  enjoyed  peculiar 
freedom,  being  allowed  to  take  part  in 
certain  public  festivals,  on  which  occasions 
they  wore  a  transparent  veil.  Among  all 
sorts  and  conditions  of  the  sex,  the  drink- 
ing of  wine  was  permitted,  as  it  was  by  the 
Greeks,  though  not  by  the  Romans  ;  and 
ladies  are  occasionally  represented  on  the 
monuments,  exhibiting  all  the  evidences 
of  excess. 

These  observations  apply  to  the  respect- 
able female  society  of  ancient  Egypt.  There 
existed,  however,  another  class,  nowhere 
indeed  indicated  under  the  term  harlot,  or 
prostitute,  but  evidently  such  from  the 
accounts  we  have  received.  If  the  de- 
scriptions transmitted  to  us  of  the  ordinary 
female  society  be  correct,  the  women  to 
whom  we  allude  could  have  been  no  other 
than  public  prostitutes.  Such  were,  in  all 
probability,  those  who  enlivened  the  festi- 
val of  Bubastis,  and  danced  at  the  private 
entertainments.  What  ideas  of  decency 
prevailed  among  them,  may  be  imagined 
from  the  brief  though  curious  account 
afforded  by  Herodotus.  When  the  time  of 
the  festival  arrived,  men  and  women  em- 
barked promiscuously,  and  in  great  num- 
bers, on  board  the  vessels  which  conveyed 
them  up  or  down  the  river.     During  the 


44 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


voyage,  they  played  on  various  instru- 
ments, and  whenever  they  arrived  at  a 
city  moored  the  boats.  Then  some  of  the 
women,  who  could  have  been  no  other 
than  the  Alme  of  those  days*,  played  fu- 
riously all  kinds  of  music,  flung  off  their 
garments,  challenged  the  women  of  the 
town  with  gross  insulting  language,  and 
outraged  decency  by  their  gestures  and 
postures.  An  immense  concourse  of  people 
assembled  on  the  occasion,  and  a  large  pro- 
portion of  them  belonged  to  the  female 
sex.  "  Some  of  them  "  only,  according  to 
our  author,  took  part  in  the  exhibitions  of 
profligacy  we  have  noticed. 

The  public  dancers  and  musicians  of  the 
female  sex  were  also,  in  all  probability, 
members  of  the  sisterhood  we  allude  to. 
They  were,  it  is  well  known,  held  in 
extremely  low  estimation  :  they  were 
clothed,  like  the  prostitutes  of  ancient 
Greece,  in  a  single  light  garment ;  indeed, 
from  the  monuments,  it  is  questionable 
whether  they  did  not,  like  those  in  the  Ro- 
man saturnalia  of  Flora,  dance  entirely 
naked  at  some  of  the  more  dissolute  private 
festivals  of  the  wealthy.  At  any  rate,  their 
forms  are  represented  so  completely  un- 
draped,  that  any  garment  they  wore  must 
have  been  a  light  veil  which  clung  to  the 
skin,  and  was  transparent.  But  from  what 
we  are  told  of  the  festival  of  Bubastis,  it 
is  by  no  means  improbable  that  they  were 
actually  nude. 

In  that  remote  period,  fancifully  called 
the  age  of  Sesostris,  chastity  does  not 
appear  to  have  been  the  capital  virtue  of 
society  among  the  Egyptians.  At  least, 
we  must  draw  this  inference  if  we  are  to 
attach  any  significance  to  traditions  or 
fables,  which  generally  reflect  some  phase 
of  truth.  Sesostris,  it  is  said,  having  of- 
fended the  gods,  was  struck  blind,  and 
ordered  to  find  a  woman  who  had  been 
strictly  faithful  to  her  husband.  He  was 
very  long  in  performing  the  task,  being 
furnished  with  an  unerring  rule  of  judg- 
ment. Of  course  the  account  is  an  idle 
fable,  yet  it  is  not  altogether  unworthy  of 
notice,  for  it  indicates  an  opinion  as  to  the 
chastity  of  that  period  t. 

Op  Prostitution  in  ancient  Greece. 

In  the  heroic  ages  of  Greece,  we  find  women 
— on  the  authority,  indeed,  of  poets,  the  sole 
historians  of  those  times — enjoying  a  con- 
siderable  share  of    liberty,  held  in  much 

•   Dr.  Beloe  also  takes  this  view. 

+  Diodorus  Siculus,  i.  59.  See  also  the 
Euterpe  of  Herodotus,  and  Sir  Gr.  Wilkinson's 
Ancient  Egypt. 


respect,  accustomed  to  self-reliance,  and 
allowed  freely  to  mingle  with  others  of 
their  own  sex  and  with  men.  A  modest 
simplicity  of  manners  is  ascribed  to  them, 
which  is  wholly  foreign  to  modern  ideas  of 
refinement.  What  education  they  received 
is  not  well  known,  though  they  appear  to 
have  been  trained  to  practise  many  of  the 
useful  as  well  as  the  elegant  arts  of  life ; 
but  with  respect  to  the  morality  prevalent 
among  them  little  exact  information  can 
be  gained.  As  in  the  Bible,  however,  fre- 
quent allusion  is  made  to  harlots  and 
strange  women,  waiting  at  the  corners  of 
the  streets,  so  in  the  poets  of  antiquity, 
passages  occur  Avhich  point  to  the  exist- 
ence of  a  class,  dedicating  itself  to  serve, 
for  gain,  the  passions  of  men  who  could  not 
afford  marriage,  or  would  not  be  bound 
by  its  restrictions.  The  science  of  statis- 
tics, however,  does  not  seem  to  have  been 
cultivated  in  those  days.  We  are  not  told 
with  certainty  of  the  population  of  cities,  or 
even  whole  countries,  and  men  were  not  then 
found  to  calculate  how  many  in  a  hundred 
were  immoral,  or  to  compare  the  prostitute 
with  the  honourable  classes  of  women. 

With  the  commencement  of  the  strictly 
historical  age,  though  statistics  are  still 
wanting,  there  have  been  collected  ma- 
terials from  which  we  may  gather  fair 
ideas  of  the  status  of  women,  and  the  posi- 
tion and  extent  of  the  prostitute  class 
among  them.  Beginning  with  Sparta,  a 
very  peculiar  system  displays  itself.  Among 
the  citizens  of  that  celebrated  Doric  state, 
women  were  regarded  as  little  more  than 
agencies  for  the  production  of  other  citi- 
zens. The  handsome  bull-stranglers  of 
Lacedaemon  held  exceedingly  lax  notions 
of  morality,  and  would  have  considered  a 
delicately  chaste  woman  as  one  charac- 
terized by  a  singular  natural  weakness. 
Taught  to  consider  themselves  more  in 
their  capacity  of  citizens  than  of  women, 
their  duty  to  their  husbands,  or  to  their 
own  virtue,  occupied  always  the  second 
place.  Their  education  inculcated  the 
practice  of  immorality.  All  ideas  of  mo- 
desty were  by  a  deliberate  public  training 
obliterated  from  their  minds.  Scourged 
with  the  whip  when  young,  taught  to 
wrestle,  box,  and  race  naked  before  assem- 
blages of  men,  their  wantonness  and  licen- 
tiousness passed  every  bound.  Marriage, 
indeed,  was  an  institution  of  the  state ;  but 
no  man  could  call  his  wife  his  own.  On 
occasions  when  the  male  population  was 
away  in  the  field,  the  women  complained 
that  there  was  no  chance  of  children  being 
born,  and  young  men  were  sent  back  from 
the  camp,  to  become  the  husbands  of  the 


GKEEK  DANCING-GTEL-IIetaira  :  Age  oj  Socratcf 
[From  "  Codume  Antico  c  J/ocfcrno."— Milan,  1G16.] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


45 


whole    female    population,    married    and 
single. 

In  times  of  peace,  also,  the  public  laws 
gave  every  woman  a  chance  of  becoming 
what  we  should  in  these  days  term  a  public 
prostitute.  A  man  without  a  wife  might 
insist  on  borrowing  for  a  certain  time  the 
wife  of  another.  Should  her  husband  re- 
sist, the  law  was  called  in  to  enforce  the 
demand.  It  is  asserted,  indeed,  by  some, 
that  adultery  was  unknown  in  Sparta. 
There  was  no  such  offence,  in  truth,  recog- 
nised in  the  code.  It  was  common,  legal, 
and  occurred  every  day.  At  the  same  time, 
however,  it  is  to  be  remembered,  that  the 
severe  laws  of  Sparta,  recognising  no  con- 
cessions to  the  weaker  passions  of  men, 
allowed  these  things  only  for  state  pur- 
poses, that  citizens  might  be  brought  forth. 
There  appears  to  have  been  no  class  of 
prostitutes  gaining  a  livelihood  by  selling 
their  persons  to  the  pleasures  of  men  :  the 
rigorous  code  of  the  state  forbade  such  sen- 
sual indulgences.  Women  were  not  al- 
lowed, apparently,  to  walk  the  streets.  The 
young  were  strictly  watched  by  the  elders, 
the  elders  jealously  observed  by  the  young ; 
and  any  proneness  to  a  practice  subversive 
of  that  vigorous  health  in  the  population, 
considered  essential  to  preserve  the  man- 
hood of  Sparta,  would  have  been  de- 
nounced as  an  attempt  to  introduce  luxury 
and  effeminacy — the  vices,  in  their  eyes, 
of  slaves.  To  assert  that  in  the  whole 
state  no  virtuous  women,  and  no  public 
prostitutes,  in  our  sense  of  the  word,  could 
be  found,  would  be  rash  ;  but  it  is  certain 
that  no  authority  which  has  come  down  to 
us  represents  chastity  as  a  Spartan  virtue, 
or  prostitution  for  money,  or  from  predilec- 
tion, one  of  their  social  institutions. 

In  Athens  a  wholly  different  picture  is 
presented.  There,  and  generally  among 
the  lonians,  the  duty  of  the  wife  was  to 
preserve  a  chastity  as  delicate  and  pure  as 
any  which  is  required  in  our  strictest  social 
circle.  There,  at  the  same  time,  the  courte- 
zan class  existed,  and  men  of  all  descrip- 
tions and  all  ages  encouraged  prostitution, 
to  which  a  considerable  class  of  women  de- 
voted themselves.  This  is  a  complete  con- 
trast with  Sparta. 

The  young  girls  of  Attica  were  early 
trained  to  all  the  offices  of  religion  ;  they 
acquired  considerable  knowledge  ;  their 
intellectual  qualities  were  to  some  de- 
gree developed :  they  were  educated  to 
become  housekeepers,  wives,  and  mothers, 
such  as  we  describe  under  those  heads. 
Exercising  considerable  influence  over  their 
male  relatives,  they  possessed  consequently 
considerable  weight  in  the  community,  and 


altogether  held  a  higher  position  than  the 
women  of  Sparta.  They  led  secluded  lives, 
yet  they  enjoyed  many  opportunities  of  in- 
tercourse with  the  other  sex ;  and  though, 
in  their  theatres,  and  in  their  temples,  inde- 
cency of  the  grossest  description  was  fre- 
quently displayed  to  their  sight,  they  seem 
otherwise  to  have  been  somewhat  refined  in 
this  respect.  In  Sparta,  the  virgins  never 
hesitated  to  expose  themselves  naked  before 
any  circle  of  spectators  :  in  Athens  they 
observed  at  least  the  public  forms  of  de- 
corum, and,  with  the  exception  of  the 
Hetairae  or  prostitute  class,  were  suffi- 
ciently modest  in  their  conversation  and 
in  their  behaviour. 

Accustomed  to  be  present  at  public  spec- 
tacles, to  converse  with  men,  to  share  in 
the  performance  of  ceremonies  at  religious 
or  civic  festivals,  the  women  of  Athens  oc- 
cupied a  position  somewhat  appro  iching 
that  which  we  believe  is  proper  to  their 
sex.  Marriages,  as  among  us,  were  con- 
tracted, some  from  sentiment,  others  from 
interest.  We  are  led  to  form  a  high  idea 
of  the  general  morality  prevailing  in  the 
Attic  states  of  Greece  at  an  early  period, 
from  the  exalted  view  of  love,  of  chastity, 
of  matronly  duties,  urged  in  the  writers  of 
the  time.  This  seems  a  fair  measure  to 
employ,  since,  in  a  later  age,  when  morals 
were  more  corrupt,  and  the  regular  class  of 
prostitutes  might  be  confounded  with  the 
general  society,  the  style  and  sentiment  of 
poets  and  others  formed  an  exact  reflex  of 
the  prevailing  state  of  morality. 

Traditions  point  to  a  period  in  the  social 
history  of  Greece,  when  men  and  women 
dispensed  altogether  with  the  ceremony  of 
marriage,  living  not  only  out  of  wedlock, 
but  promiscuously,  without  an  idea  of  any 
permanent  compact  between  two  indivi- 
duals of  opposite  sexes.  If  such  a  state  of 
things  ever  existed,  it  must  have  been  be- 
fore any  regular  society  was  formed,  and  it 
is  therefore  vain  to  dwell  upon  it.  Poly- 
gamy, we  know,  long  continued  in  practice 
among  the  Greeks,  though  it  was  a  privi- 
lege and  a  propensity  chiefly  followed  by 
the  powerful  and  rich.  In  Athens  mar- 
riage was  held  sacred.  The  character  of  a 
bachelor  was  disreputable.  So,  indeed,  was 
it  in  Sparta,  where  young  men  remaining 
single  after  a  certain  period  might  be  pu- 
nished for  the  neglect  of  a  duty  exacted 
from  them  by  the  severe  laws  of  the  state. 
In  both  states,  but  in  different  degrees, 
the  prohibition  of  marriage  within  certain 
limits  of  consanguinity  extended  ;  but 
when  once  the  union  took  place,  it  was, 
in  Athens,  a  crime  of  great  enormity  to 
defile  its  sanctity.     The  influence   of  the 


A6 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Tvife  wa-s,  in  the  household,  powerful ;  and 
commanding,  as  she  did,  the  respect  of 
men,  the  advantages  of  her  position  were 
so  great,  that  to  risk  their  loss  by  a  trans- 
gression of  the  moral  law,  was  not  a  com- 
mon occurrence.  We  may  therefore  assign 
to  the  women  of  Athens  a  high  average  of 
morality,  and  consider  them  as  having 
been  held  in  remarkable  estimation. 

An  important  point  in  the  manners  of 
every  people  is  the  institution  of  marriage. 
From  an  inquiry  into  its  estimation,  whether 
it  be  held  a  religious  rite,  or  a  civil  con- 
tract, or  both,  with  various  other  circum- 
stances in  connection  with  these,  we  are 
aided  in  forming  a  just  idea  of  the  pre- 
valent civilization.  In  the  Doric  states  of 
Greece,  it  was  esteemed  as  little  more  than 
a  prudent  ceremony,  binding  man  and 
woman  together  for  purposes  of  state. 
As  among  the  savages  of  Australasia,  it 
was  the  custom  for  a  man  to  bear  a  woman 
forcibly  from  among  her  companions,  when 
he  took  her  to  the  bridesmaid's  house,  and, 
her  hair  being  cut  short  and  her  clothes 
chanaced,  she  was  delivered  to  him  as  wife. 
His  intercourse  with  her  however,  was,  for 
some  time  clandestine,  and  he  shunned 
being  seen  in  her  society.  This  was  the 
case  Avith  the  wealthier  maidens.  The 
portionless  girls  were,  from  time  to  time, 
shut  up  in  a  dark  edifice,  and  the  youths, 
being  introduced,  accepted  each  the  woman 
he  happened  to  seize  upon.  A  penalty  was 
imposed  on  any  one  refusing  to  abide  by 
the  decision  of  chance. 

Occasionally  public  ceremonies  were 
enacted  at  the  marriages  of  the  rich  ;  but 
from  all  testimony  it  appears  certain  that 
the  union  of  man  with  woman  at  Sparta 
was  entirely  of  a  civil,  and  by  no  means  of 
a  sacred  character.  Private  interest,  senti- 
ment, and  happiness  were  indeed,  in  this, 
as  in  all  other  matters,  subordinate  to  the 
public  exigencies.  When  a  woman  had  no 
children  by  her  own  husband,  she  was  not 
only  allowed,  but  required  by  the  law  to 
cohabit  with  another  man.  Anaxandrides, 
to  procure  an  heir,  had,  contrary  to  all 
custom,  two  wives.  The  state  excused  no 
licentiousness  for  its  own  sake,  but  any 
amount  for  a  public  object  *. 

In  Attic  Greece,  the  ceremony  of  mar- 
riage was  viewed  in  a  more  poetical  light, 
and  divinity  was  supposed  to  preside  over  it. 
We  have  already  alluded  to  the  notion  of  the 
promiscuous  intercourse  among  them  at  a 
remote  period ;  but,  passing  from  this  fable, 
we  find  traces  of  polygamy  long  discernible. 

*  Maimers  and  Customs  of  Ancient  Greece, 
by  J.  A.  St.  John. 


Heracles  maintained  a  regular  seraglio. 
Egeus,  Pallas,  Priam,  Agamemnon,  and 
nearly  all  the  chiefs,  possessed  harems, 
but  these  were  irregularities,  contrary  to 
law  and  custom,  and  only  in  fashion  among 
royal  personages.  The  story  of  the  two 
wives  of  Socrates  seems  a  pure  invention. 

In  the  Athenian  Republic,  marriage, 
being  held  in  reverence,  was  protected  by 
the  law.  In  the  later  and  better  known 
ages,  consanguinity  within  certain  limits  was 
a  bar  to  such  union.  Men,  however,  might 
marry  half-sisters  by  the  fathers'  side, 
though  few  availed  themselves  of  the 
permission.  Betrothed  long  before  mar- 
riage by  their  parents,  the  young  man  and 
woman  were  nevertheless  allowed  on  most 
occasions  to  consult  their  own  inclinations. 
Numerous  religious  rites  preceded  the  actual 
ceremony,  and  heavenly  favour  was  invoked 
upon  it.  The  marriage  was  performed  at 
the  altar  in  the  temple,  where  sacrifice  was 
made,  and  a  mutual  oath  of  fidelity 
strengthened  by  every  sacred  pledge. 
Adultery  was  held  a  debasing  crime,  and 
divorce  discreditable  to  man  and  wife  *. 

In  connection  with  the  subject  of  mar- 
riage is  that  of  infanticide.  It  prevailed 
among  the  Greeks,  under  the  sanction  of 
philosophy.  Among  the  Thebans  and  the 
Tyrrhenians  it  was,  however,  unknown. 
Why  ?  Because  they  were  more  humane, 
or  moral  ?  Not  by  any  means.  They  were 
among  the  most  profligate  societies  of 
antiquity.  It  is  generally  shame  which  in- 
duces to  child-murder  women  bearing  off- 
spring from  illicit  intercourse  with  men. 
Where  no  disgrace  attaches  to  illegitimate 
offspring,  the  principal  incentive  to  destroy 
them  is  taken  away  ;  and  in  Tyre,  where 
female  slaves  served  naked  at  the  table  of 
the  rich,  and  even  ladies  joined  the  orgies 
in  that  condition,  modesty  was  by  no  means 
a  common  grace  of  their  sex. 

The  Thebans,  a  very  gross  people,  made 
infanticide  a  capital  crime  ;  but  allowed 
the  poor  to  impose  on  the  state,  under  cer- 
tain circumstances,  the  burden  of  their 
children.  In  Thrace,  the  infant,  placed  in 
an  earthen  pot,  was  left  to  be  devoured  by 
wild  beasts,  or  to  perish  of  cold  and 
hunger  f. 

In  Sparta,  clandestine  infanticide  was  a 
crime  ;  but  the  state  often  performed  what 
it  declared  a  duty,  by  condemning  weakly 
and  delicate  infants  to  be  flung  into  a  pit. 
In  Athens,  on  the  contrary,  it  was  left  for 
desperate  women,  and  cold-blooded  men, 

*  Manners  and  Customs  of  Ancient  Greece, 
by  J.  A.  St.  John. 

f  Mackinnon's  History  of  Civilization. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


privately  to  accomplish  the  act,  exposing 
their  children  in  public  places  to  perish, 
or  to  claim  cliarity  from  some  wayfarer.  Fre- 
quently the  rich  had  recourse  to  this,  for 
concealing  an  intrigue,  and  left  a  costly 
dowry  of  gold  and  jewels  in  the  earthen 
jar  where  they  deposited  the  victim.  The 
temple  steps  sometimes  received  the  found- 
ling ;  but  occasionally  they  were  left  to 
die  in  desert  places. 

In  the  flourishiug  period  of  the  Republic, 
however,  poverty  was  so  rare,  indeed  so 
unknown,  that  it  seldom  exacted  these 
sacrifices  from  the  humbler  people.  In- 
fanticide was  then  left  to  the  wholly  un- 
natural who  refused  the  burden,  or  the 
guilty  who  dreaded  the  shame,  of  a  child. 

But  in  the  female  society  of  that  state, 
there  was,  as  we  have  said,  a  sisterhood 
which  exercised  no  inconsiderable  influ- 
ence on  public  manners.  These  were  the 
Hetairee,  or  prostitutes,  who  occupied 
much  the  same  position  which  the  same 
class  does  in  most  civilized  communities 
of  modern  times.  The  youthful,  beau- 
tiful, elegant,  polished,  and  graceful, 
commanded,  while  their  attractions  lasted, 
the  favours  and  the  deference  of  wealthy 
and  profligate  young  men,  and,  when  their 
persons  had  faded,  sank  by  degrees,  until 
they  dragged  themselves  in  misery  through 
the  streets,  glad  to  procure  a  meal  by  in- 
discriminate prostitution,  with  all  who  ac- 
cepted their  company.  When  children 
were  born  to  them,  infanticide  usually — 
especially  in  the  case  of  girls — relieved 
them  of  the  burden. 

The  position  the  prostitute  class  of 
Athens  occupied  in  relation  to  the  other 
v^^omen  in  the  community  was  peculiar. 
They  entered  the  temples  during  the  pe- 
riod of  one  particular  festival — and  in  mo- 
dern countries  the  church  is  never  closed 
against  them  ;  but  they  were  not,  as  among 
us,  allowed  to  occupy  the  same  place  at  the 
theatre  with  the  Athenian  female  citizen. 
Yet  this  was  not  altogether  to  protect  the 
virtue  of  the  woman  ;  it  was  to  satisfy  the 
pride  of  the  citizen,  since  every  stranger 
suffered  an  equal  exclusion  from  these  "  re- 
served seats."  Notwithstanding  this,  how- 
ever, the  courtezans  occasionally  visited 
the  ladies  in  their  own  houses,  to  instruct 
them  in  those  accomplishments  in  which, 
from  the  peculiar  tenor  of  their  lives,  they 
were  most  practised,  while  it  appears  that 
both  classes  mingled  at  the  public  baths. 

^  The  Hetair^,  or  prostitute  class,  exer- 
cised undoubtedly  an  evil  influence  on  the 
society  of  Athens.  They  indulged  the  sen- 
sual tastes  and  the  vanity  of  the  young, 
encouraged  among  them  a  dissolute  man- 


ner of  life,  and,  while  the  power  of  their 
attractions  lasted,  led  them  into  expensive 
luxury,  which  could  not  fail  of  an  injurious 
effect  on  the  community.  The  career  of  the 
prostitute  was,  as  it  is  in  all  countries, 
short,  and  miserable  at  its  close.  While 
their  beauty  remained  unfaded  they  were 
puffed  up  with  vanity,  carried  along  by 
perpetual  excitement,  flattered  by  the  com- 
pliments of  young  men,  and  by  the  conver- 
sation of  even  the  greatest  philosophers, 
and  maintained  in  opulence  by  the  gifts  of 
their  admirers.  Premature  age,  however, 
always,  except  in  a  few  celebrated  cases, 
assailed  them.  They  became  old,  ugly, 
wrinkled,  deformed,  and  full  of  disease, 
and  might  be  seen  crawling  through  the 
market  places,  haggling  for  morsels  of  pro- 
vision, amid  the  jeers  and  insults  of  the 
populace. 

In  some  instances,  indeed,  there  occurred 
in  Athens  what  occasionally  happens  in  all 
countries.  Men  took  as  wives  the  prosti- 
tutes with  whom  they  had  associated.  Even 
the  wise  Plato  became  enamoured  of  Arch^a- 
nassa,  an  Hetaira  of  Ctesiphon.  For  many 
of  these  women  were  no  less  renowned  for 
the  brilliancy  of  their  intellectual  qualities 
than  for  their  personal  charms.  Of  Phryne, 
whose  bosom  was  bared  before  the  judges 
by  her  advocate,  and  who  sat  as  a  model 
to  the  greatest  of  ancient  sculptors,  all  the 
world  has  heard.  Her  statue,  of  pure  gold, 
was  placed  on  a  pillar  of  white  marble  at 
Delphi.  Aspasia  exercised  at  Athens  in- 
fluence equal  to  that  of  a  queen,  attracting 
round  her  all  the  characters  of  the  day,  as 
Madame  Roland  was  wont  to  do  in  Paris. 
Socrates  confessed  to  have  learned  from  her 
much  in  the  art  of  rhetoric.  Yet  these 
women,  harsh  as  the  judgment  may  appear, 
were  common  whores,  though  outwardly  re- 
fined, and  mentally  cultivated.  Instances, 
indeed,  of  high  public  virtue  displayed  by 
members  of  that  sisterhood,  distinguished 
among  the  Hetairae  of  ancient  Greece,  are 
on  record,  and  sufficient  accounts  of  them 
have  been  transmitted  to  us  to  show  that 
they  were  among  the  male  society  a  recog- 
nised and  respected  class,  while  by  the 
women  they  were  neither  abhorred  nor  con- 
sidered as  a  pollution  to  the  community. 
Still,  prostitutes  they  were,  to  all  intents 
and  purposes. 

The  mean,  the  poor,  and  faded,  were 
chiefly  despised  for  their  ugliness  and  indi- 
gence, not  for  their  incontinence.  It  w^as, 
in  the  Homeric  ages,  as  we  learn  from  the 
Odyssey,  held  disgraceful  for  "  a  noble 
maiden"  to  lose  her  chastity.  But  in 
Athens,  at  a  later  time,  chastity  in  an 
unmarried  woman  was  not  held  a  virtue, 


i  48 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  loss  of  which  degraded  her  utterly  below 
the  consideration  of  all  other  classes,  or  de- 
barred her  for  ever  from  any  intercourse 
with  the  honourable  of  her  own  sex.  The 
Hetaira  Avas  not,  it  is  true,  admitted  to 
mingle  freely  in  the  society  of  young  wo- 
men ;  but  she  was  not  shut  out  from  all 
communication  with  them  ;  while  among 
men,  if  her  natural  attractions  or  accom- 
plishments were  great,  she  exercised  pecu- 
liar influence.  Consequently,  it  appears 
that  in  Athens  the  superior  public  prosti- 
tute had  a  status  higher  than  that  of  any 
woman  of  similar  character  in  our  own 
day.  If  we  look  for  a  comparison  to  illus- 
trate our  meaning,  we  may  find  it  in  many 
of  the  ladies  who  at  various  periods  have 
frequented  our  court — known  but  not  ac- 
knowledged prostitutes*. 

In  the  public  judgments  of  Athens  we 
find,  it  is  true,  a  penalty  or  fine  imposed  on 
"whoredom,"t  from  which,  however,  the 
people  escaped  by  a  variation  of  terms, 
calling  a  whore  a  mistress,  as  Plutarch 
tells  us.  Solon,  however,  recognised  pros- 
titution as  a  necessary,  or  at  least  an 
inevitable  evil,  for  he  first  built  a  temple 
to  Aphrodite  Pandemos,  which,  truly  ren- 
dered, means  Venus  the  Prostitute ;  and  his 
view  Avas  justified  by  the  declaration  that 
the  existence  of  a  prostitute  class  was 
necessary,  in  order,  as  Cato  also  thought, 
that  the  wives  and  daughters  of  citizens 
might  be  safe  from  the  passion  which 
young  men  would,  in  one  way  or  the  other, 
satiate  upon  the  other  sex.  Though  pro- 
curers, therefore,  were  punishable  by  law, 
and  the  Hetairee  were  obliged  to  wear 
coloured  or  flowered  garments,  it  was  en- 
acted in  the  civil  code  of  Athens,  that 
"persons  keeping  company  with  common 
strumpets  shall  not  be  deemed  adulterers, 
for  such  shall  be  common  for  the  satiating 
of  lust." 

Brothels,  consequently,  existed  in  mode- 
rate numbers  at  Athens,  and  the  young 
men  were  not  discouraged  from  attending 
them  occasionally.  There  were  also  par- 
ticular places  in  the  city  where  the  prosti- 
tutes congregated,  and  a  Temple  of  Venus, 
which  was  their  peculiar  resort.  We  find 
in  the  poets  passages,  indeed,  advocating 
the  support  of  whores  J. 

Still,  respected  and  beloved  as  the  He- 
taira) were  among  their  friends  and  lovers, 
recognised  by  the  law,  and  protected  by  it, 

*  This  view  is  chiefly  drawn  from  information 
collected  in  Manners  and  Customs  of  Ancient 
Greece,  by  J.  A.  St.  John. 

f  Potter's  Antiquities  of  Greece. 

1  Ibid. 


general  public  respect  was  denied  them, 
for  the  Athenians  estimated  above  their 
brilliant  charms  the  modest  virtues  of 
inferior  women*. 

One  of  the  most  remarkable  features  in 
the  public  economy  of  Athens  was  the  tax 
upon  prostitutes,  introduced  also  in  Rome 
by  Caligula.  It  was  annually  farmed  out  by 
the  Senate  to  individuals  who  knew  accu- 
rately the  names  of  all  ^Yho  followed  this 
calling.  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  their 
statistics  have  not  been  furnished  to  us. 
Every  woman,  it  appears,  had  a  fixed  price, 
which  she  might  charge  to  the  men  to 
whom  she  prostituted  her  person,  and  the 
amount  of  the  tax  varied  according  to  their 
profits.  Apparently,  they  were  principally 
"  strangers "  who  filled  the  ranks  of  the 
Hetairae,  for  we  find  that  if  persons  enjoy- 
ing the  rank  and  privilege  of  citizens  took 
to  the  occuption,  a  tax  was  imposed  on 
them  as  on  the  ordinary  prostitutes,  and 
they  were  punished  by  exclusion  from  the 
public  sacrifices,  and  from  the  honourable 
oflBces  of  state.  The  same  writer  informs 
us,  on  the  authority  of  Demosthenes,  that 
a  citizen  who  cohabited  with  an  alien  paid 
a  penalty,  in  case  he  was  convicted,  of  a 
thousand  drachmas,  but  the  penalty  could 
not  often  have  been  enforced,  as  the  laws 
of  Solon  recognised  prostitution  ;  it  was  a 
feature  in  the  manners  of  the  city,  and 
brothels  were  fearlessly  kept,  and  entered 
without  shame.  Numerous  evidences  of 
this  have  been  supplied  usf.  To  preserve 
a  respect  for  chastity,  however,  and  to 
inculcate  a  horror  for  the  prostitute's  occu- 
pation, the  same  code  allowed  men  to  sell 
their  sisters  or  daughters  when  convicted 
of  an  act  of  fornication,  which,  in  Athens, 
as  elsewhere,  frequently  was  the  first  step 
in  the  regular  career  of  these  women  J. 

The  dishonour  thus  accruing  to  the  gene- 
ral body  of  prostitutes,  though  a  tmall 
class  of  them  enjoyed  many  superior  ad- 
vantages from  their  wealth,  and  the  polish 
of  their  manners,  served  at  Athens,  in 
some  degree,  to  preserve  public  morality. 
The  system  never  seems  to  have  reached  the 
height  which  it  has  gained  in  many  of  our 
modern  cities,  where  married  women  often 
follow  the  occupation,  and  live  upon  its 
gains  §. 

In  Corinth,  however,  prostitutes 
abounded,  and  the  Temple  of  Venus 
in  that  city  was  sometimes  thronged  by 
a  thousand  of  them.     They  were  usually 

*  Hase  On  the  Ancient  Greeks, 
t  Boeck's  Public  Economy  of  Athens. 
X  Potter's  Antiquities  of  Greece 
§  Hase  On  the  Ancient  Greeks. 


r 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


49 


the  most  beautiful  women  of  the  state, 
presented  or  sold  to  the  temple,  who  pros- 
tituted themselves  for  hire.  They_  were 
of  a  superior  kind,  admitting  to  their  em- 
braces none  but  men  who  would  pay 
munificently,  and  in  this  manner  many  of 
them  are  said  to  have  accumulated  large 
fortunes  *. 

Tabular  statements,  and  numerical  esti- 
mates, have  been  wanting  to  complete  this 
glance  at  the  system  in  ancient  Greece  ; 
but  it  may,  nevertheless,  afford  a  just  idea 
of  the  extent  and  character  of  the  prosti- 
tute class  there. 

Of  Prostitution  in  ancient  Rome. 

If  our  knowledge  of  ancient  Greece,  with 
reference  to  its  moral  economy,  is  slight, 
ancient  Rome  is  still  less  understood.  No- 
thing, indeed,  like  a  detailed  account  of 
its  social  institutions  has  been  preserved  ; 
its  scheme  of  manners  is  incompletely 
comprehended ;  and  only  an  outline  picture 
of  its  private  life  can  be  formed  from  pas- 
sages supplied  by  hundreds  of  authors, 
from  allusions  in  the  poets  and  in  the 
satirical  writers.  German  scholars  have 
laboured  industriously  in  the  field  of  clas- 
sical politics  ;  but  the  social  economy  of 
Rome  has  been  neglected,  or,  which  is 
worse,  obscured  by  them.  We  are,  there- 
fore, enabled  only  to  afford  a  general  sketch 
of  the  subject  in  connection  with  the  great 
Republic,  and  the  imperial  system  which 
grew  out  of  its  decay. 

Examining  the  condition  of  the  female 
sex,  especially  with  reference  to  prostitutes, 
we  must  in  Rome,  as  in  all  other  states, 
distribute  our  observations  over  several  dis- 
tinct periods — for  such  there  were  in  the 
social  history  of  the  nation. 

In  the  more  honourable  days  of  the  Re- 
public, women  occupied  a  high  status. 
While  the  state  was  extremely  young  we 
find  them,  indeed,  in  perpetual  tutelage  ; 
but  gradually,  as  institutions  were  im- 
proved and  manners  refined,  they  rose  to 
independence,  and  formed  an  influential 
element  in  society.  The  matron,  in  par- 
ticular, stood  in  her  due  position.  Re- 
spected, accomplished,  allowed  to  converse 
with  men,  she  was,  in  the  most  flourishing 
era  of  Roman  history,  a  model  for  her  sex. 
She  presided  over  the  whole  household, 
superintended  the  education  of  the  chil- 
dren, while  they  remained  in  tender  years, 
and  shared  the  honours  of  her  husband. 
Instead  of  confined  apartments  being  allotted 
to  her  as  a  domestic  prison,  the  best  cham- 

*  Boeck.  Potter.  Mitford's  notions  of  the 
Hetairae  appear  to  have  been  somewhat  fanciful. 


bers  in  the  house  were  assigned,  while  the 
whole  of  it  was  free  to  her.  Other  circum- 
stances in  her  condition  combined  to  invest 
her  with  dignity  ;  and  the  consequence 
was,  that  the  Roman  matron  seldom  or 
never  transgressed  against  the  moral  or 
social  law.  No  divorce  is  recorded  before 
the  year  234  b.c.  ;  and  that  instance  was 
on  account  of  the  woman's  barrenness — a 
plea  allowed  by  the  law,  but  universally 
reprobated  by  the  people.  Yet  the  ob- 
stacles to  this  dissolution  of  the  marriage 
compact  were  by  no  means  formidable. 
Under  the  imperial  regime,  when  there 
was  less  facility,  divorces  were  more  fre- 
quent. 

The  Roman  law  of  marriage  was  strict. 
Degrees  of  consanguinity  were  marked, 
though  within  narrower  limits  than  among 
us,  within  which  marriage  was  not  only 
illegal,  but  wholly  void,  and  any  inter- 
course, by  virtue  of  it,  denounced  as  incest 
by  the  law.  Public  infamy  attached  to  it 
— not  only  the  odium  of  opinion,  but  a 
formal  decree  by  the  praetor.  Adultery 
was  held  as  a  base,  inexpiable  crime.  It 
was  interdicted  under  every  penalty  short 
of  death,  and  even  this  was  allowed  under 
certain  circumstances  to  be  inflicted  by  the 
husband.  AVedded  life,  indeed,  was  held 
sacred  by  every  class  from  the  knights  to 
the  slaves,  though  among  these  social 
aliens  actual  marriage  could  not  take  place. 
Celibacy  was  not  only  disreputable,  but,  in 
a  particular  degree,  criminal ;  while  bar- 
renness brought  shame  upon  the  woman 
who  was  cursed  with  it.  In  an  equal,  or  a 
greater  ratio,  was  parentage  honourable. 
Polygamy  was  illegal ;  but  the  social  code 
allowed  one  wife  and  several  concubines, 
occupying  a  medium  position,  finely  de- 
scribed by  Gibbon,  as  below  the  honours  of 
a  wife,  and  above  the  infamy  of  a  prosti- 
tute. Such  institutions  were  licensed  that 
common  whoredom  might  be  checked  ; 
though  the  children  born  of  such  inter- 
course were  refused  the  rank  of  citizens. 
Often,  indeed,  they  Avere  a  burden  to  the 
guilty  as  well  as  to  the  poor ;  and  infanti- 
cide, which  was  declared  in  374  e.g.  a 
capital  crime,  was  resorted  to  as  a  means 
of  relief. 

If  we  examine  our  question  in  connection 
with  marriage  among  the  ancient  Romans 
we  find  a  curious  system.  First,  there 
were  certain  conditions  to  constitute  con- 
nuhium^  without  which  no  legal  union 
could  be  formed.  There  was  only  con- 
nubium  between  Roman  citizens*  ;   there 

*  Occasional  exceptions  occurred.  At  one  time 
there  was  no  connubium  between  the  plebeian  and 
the  patrician  ;  but  the  Lex  Canuleia  allowed  it. 


E~ 


50 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


was  none  where  cither  of  the  parties  pos- 
sessed it  ah'eady  with  another ;  none  be- 
tween parent  and  child,  natural  or  by 
adoption  ;  none  between  grandparents  and 
grandchildren  ;  none  between  brothers  and 
sisters,  of  whole  or  half  blood  ;  none  be- 
tween uncle  and  niece,  or  aunt  and  nephew : 
though  Claudius  legalized  it  by  his  mar- 
riage with  Agrippina,  the  practice  never 
went  beyond  the  example.  Unions  of  this 
kind  taking  place  were  void,  and  the  father 
could  claim  no  authority  over  his  children. 
Mutual  consent  was  essential — of  the  per- 
sons themselves,  and  of  their  friends.  One 
wife  only  was  allowed,  though  marriage 
after  full  divorce  was  permitted. 

There  were  two  kinds  of  marriage, — that 
cii^m,  and  that  sine  conventione.  In  the 
former  the  wife  passed  into  her  husband's 
family,  and  became  subject  to  him  ;  in  the 
latter  she  abdicated  none  of  her  old  rela- 
tions, and  was  equal  to  her  husband. 
There  was  no  ceremony  absolutely  essen- 
tial to  constitute  a  marriage.  Cohabitation 
during  a  whole  year  made  a  legal  and 
lasting  union ;  but  the  woman's  absence 
during  three  nights  annually  released  her 
from  the  submission  entailed  b}''  the  mar- 
riage cum  conventione.  Certain  words,  also, 
with  religious  rites,  performed  in  presence 
of  ten  witnesses,  completed  a  marriage  ; 
but  certain  priestly  offices,  such  as  those 
of  the  JlamendiaUs,  could  only  be  performed 
for  those  whose  parents  had  been  wedded 
in  a  similar  way""^.  The  sponsalia,  or  con- 
tracts between  the  man  and  his  wife's 
friends,  were  usual,  but  not  essential, 
and  could  be  dissolved  by  mutual  consent. 
The  Roman  idea  of  marriage  was,  in  a 
v/ord,  the  union  of  male  and  female  for 
life,  bringing  a  community  of  fortune,  by 
a  civil,  not  a  sacred  contract.  Yet  from 
the  ceremonies  generally  observed,  it  is 
evident  that  an  idea,  though  unrecognised, 
of  a  religious  union,  existed  among  the  Ro- 
mans in  their  more  pious  age. 

With  respect  to  property,  its  arrange- 
ment depended  on  settlements  made  before 
hand.  Divorce  was  at  one  time  procured 
by  mutual  consent,  though  afterwards  it 
became  more  difficult,  but  never  impos- 
sible. 

There  was  in  Rome  a  legal  concubinage 
betv.-een  unmarried  persons,  resembling  the 
morganatic  or  "  left-handed  "  marriage, 
giving  neither  the  Avoman  nor  her  children 
any   rights   acquired   from    the    husband. 

*  The  sacerdotal  functionary,  termed  Jlamen 
dialis,  like  the  high-priest  of  the  Jews,  could  only 
wed  a  virgin  of  unblemished  honour,  and  when 
she  died,  could  not  marry  again,  but  was  forced 
to  resijjn  his  office. 


Widowers  often  took  a  concubine,  without 
infamy  *. 

The  law  of  Romulus,  enacting  that  no 
male  child  should  be  exposed,  and  that  the 
first  daughter  should  always  be. preserved, 
while  every  other  should  be  brought  up,  or 
live  on  trial,  as  it  were,  for  three  years, 
has  misled  some  writers  into  giving  the 
Romans  credit  for  a  loftier  humanity.  Ko 
parent,  it  is  argued,  would  destroy  a  three 
years'  old  child.  Nevertheless,  it  is  certain 
that,  in  the  imperial  age,  at  least,  infanti- 
cide and  child-dropping  were  frequent 
occurrences.  Deformed  or  mutilated  in- 
fants, having  been  shown  to  five  witnesses, 
might  be  destroyed  at  once.  The  Milky 
Column,  in  the  Herb-market,  was  a  place 
where  public  nurses  sat  to  suckle  or  other- 
wise tend  the  foundlings  picked  up  in 
various  parts  of  the  city.  In  the  early 
Christian  age  it  was  a  reproach  to  the 
Romans  that  they  cast  forth  their  sons,  as 
Tertullian  expresses  it,  to  be  picked  up  and 
nourished  by  the  fisherwomen  who  passed. 
Mothers  would  deny  their  children  when 
brought  home  to  their  houses.  Some  stran- 
gled them  at  once.  Various  devices  were 
adopted  among  them,  as  among  other 
nations  of  antiquity,  to  check  the  overflow 
of  population,  as  well  as  to  hide  the  crimes 
of  the  guilty.  Thus  the  Phoenicians  passed 
children  through  fire,  as  a  sacrifice  ;  the 
Carthaginians  offered  them  up  at  the  altar ; 
the  Syrians  flung  them  from  the  lofty  pro- 
pylosa  of  a  templet.  One  observation, 
however,  applies  to  the  Romans,  and,  we 
believe,  to  every  other  nation,  savage  or 
civilized,  in  every  age  of  the  world — ex- 
ceptions being  invariably  allowed.  Cruel 
as  may  have  been  the  laws  sanctioning 
infanticide,  when  once  the  child  was  re- 
ceived into  the  bosom  of  the  family  it  was 
cared  for  with  tenderness,  and,  generally, 
with  discretion.  It  is  not  sentiment,  but 
justice,  which  induces  us  to  say  that  the 
mother,  having  once  accepted  her  charge, 
has  seldom  been  guilty  of  Avilful  neglect. 
The  abandoned  and  dissolute,  especially  in 
those  societies  where  fashion  has  made  the 
performance  of  maternal  duty  ridiculous, 
if  not  disreputable,  have  consigned  their 
offspring  to  others ;  but  women  in  their 
natural  state  usually  fulfil  this  obligation. 

In  Rome,  from  various  causes,  public 
decency  was,  at  least  during  the  rei^ublican 
period,   more   rigidly  observed,  and  licen- 

*  See  Julian  Law,  Ulpian,  Gains,  Tacitus,  Sue- 
tonius, and  Dion  Cassius,  from  whom,  with  various 
others,  Smith's  Dictionary  is  compiled. 

f  Dion.  Halicar. ;  Apuleius;  Festus;  Lac- 
tarra  Columna;  Tertullian's  Apolog. ;  Ambiose"s 
Hexam.;  Lucian,  De  Syria  Dea. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


51 


tiousness  less  common  and  less  tolerated 
than  in  Sparta  or  even  the  later  age  of 
Athens.  None  of  its  institutions  rivalled 
the  dissolute  manners  of  Crete  or  Corinth. 
One  cause  of  prostitution  being  less  common 
was  the  licence  of  concubinage,  which  was 
to  the  rich  a  preferable  and  a  safer  plan  of 
self-indulgence.  It  existed,  however,  in 
the  State,  and  employed  a  considerable 
class  of  women,  though  we  are  told  the 
accomplished  prostitute  was  known  as  a 
Grecian  import.  Nevertheless,  the  fre- 
quent allusions  of  the  laws  to  these  women 
prove  that  they  formed  no  insignificant 
element  in  the  society  of  the  capital. 

Lenocinium,  or  the  keeping  of  female 
slaves  to  hire  them  out  as  prostitutes  for 
profit,  was  an  ofi"ence  rather  against  the 
moral  than  the  written  law  of  Rome.  The 
lenones,  in  many  instances,  kept  brothels  or 
houses  open  for  the  trade  of  prostitution. 
They  purchased  in  the  market  handsome 
girls,  for  each  of  whom  a  sum  equal 
to  about  250?.  of  English  currency  was 
given — from  which  we  infer  that  the  rates 
charged  in  the  superior  establishments  of 
this  kind  were  somewhat  high.  Free  women 
T>^ere  also  kept  for  the  same  purpose,  upon 
a  mutual  agreement.  The  practice  was  not 
actually  interdicted,  but  branded  as  infa- 
mous by  the  prsetor's  declaration.  No  woman, 
however,  whose  father,  grandfather,  or  hus- 
band had  been  a  Roman  knight  was  allowed 
to  prostitute  herself  for  gain.  The  inde- 
pendent prostitutes,  or  those  who  occupied 
houses  of  their  own,  were  compelled  to  affix 
on  the  door  a  notice  of  their  calling, 
and  the  price  they  demanded.  They  were 
also  required,  when  they  signified  to  the 
praotor,  as  they  were  bound  to  do,  their 
intention  of  following  this  disgraceful  occu- 
pation, to  drop  their  real  names,  which  they 
resumed  whenever  they  abandoned  that 
mode  of  life.  Cato,  the  censor,  recognised 
prostitution  as  Solon  did,  and  Cicero  de- 
clared no  State  ever  existed  without  it. 
Notwithstanding  this,  the  occupation  of  the 
prostitute  was,  in  the  republican  age,  so 
infamous  that  a  comparatively  small  class 
practised  it;  but  under  the  emperors  it 
grew  so  prevalent,  that  during  the  reign  of 
the  few  of  them  who  even  pretended  to 
morality,  the  severest  edicts  appeared  called 
for  against  it.  Caligula,  hov/ever,  made 
a  profit  from  the  system.  The  lenones 
were  subject  to  a  tax,  which  fell,  of  course, 
as  in  Athens,  upon  the  prostitutes  them- 
selves. No  check,  therefore,  was  offered  by 
him  to  prostitution.  But  Theodosius  and 
Valentinian  sought,  by  formidable  penalties, 
to  prevent  parents  from  prostituting  their 
children,  and  masters  their  slaves,  for  gain. 


Lenocinium  was  interdicted  under  pain  of 
the  scourge,  banishment,  and  other  punish- 
ments. In  one  age  public  opinion,  in  the 
other  the  whip,  held  guardianship  over  the 
morals  of  the  State. 

The  owners  of  houses  who  allowed  leno- 
cinium to  be  carried  on  on  their  premises 
were  liable  to  forfeit  the  property,  besides 
paying  a  price  of  ten  pounds  weight  of  gold. 
Such  edicts,  however,  only  drove  immorality 
into  the  dark.  When  the  prostitutes  could 
not  find  enough  brothels  to  harbour  them — 
and,  indeed,  at  all  times  the  poorer  sort  were 
excluded  from  these  large  establishments — 
places  of  refuge  were  still  open.  The 
fornices  of  Rome  were  long  galleries, 
divided  into  a  double  row  of  cells — some 
broad  and  airy,  others  only  small  dark 
arches,  situated  on  a  level  with  the  street, 
and  forming  the  substructure  of  the  houses 
above.  Some  of  them,  as  those  of  the 
Formian  villa  of  Cicero,  were  tastefully 
stuccoed,  and  painted  in  streaks  of  pink, 
yellow,  and  blue.  In  these  long  lines  of 
cells  the  prostitutes  of  the  poorer  class 
were  accustomed  to  assemble,  and  thence 
was  derived  the  ecclesiastical  term  fornica- 
tion, with  its  ordinary  English  meaning. 
Allusions  to  this  practice  occur  in  the  works 
of  Horace  and  Juvenal,  as  well  as  other 
writers.  Some  of  the  arches  appear  to  have 
been  below  the  surface  of  the  ground,  as 
we  find  a  decree  of  Theodosius  against  the 
subterranean  brothels  of  Rome. 

The  great  satirist  who  has  left  us  his 
vivid,  though  exaggerated  picture  of  man- 
ners in  the  imperial  age,  supplies  some 
allusions  in  elucidation  of  our  subject.  He 
spealvs  of  the  "  transparent  garments  "  worn 
by  prostitutes,  as  by  the  dancers  of  ancient 
Egypt ;  of  the  "  foreign  women "  who 
swarmed  in  its  "foul  brothels;"  of  the 
"  gay  harlots'  chariots "  dashing  through 
the  streets ;  and  of  the  porticos  and  covered 
walks  forming  for  these  women  places  of 
promenade.  We  learn  that  some  of  them 
were  forced,  as  a  punishment  for  disorderly 
behaviour,  to  wear  the  male  toga,  while 
most  were  distinguished  by  a  yellow  head- 
dress. The  fornices  were  publicly  opened 
and  closed  at  certain  hours.  The  women 
stood  at  the  doors  of  their  cells,  in  loose, 
light  attire,  their  bosoms  exposed,  and  the 
nipples  gilt.  Thus  Messelana  stood  at  the 
door  of  the  lupanaria,  with  her  breast 
adorned  with  this  singular  ornament*. 

At  various  periods  efforts  were  made  to 
suppress  the  prostitutes'  calling,  but  never 
with  success.  The  lav/makers  of  the  im- 
perial age  gave  no  example  of  the  morality 

*  See  Satire  vi.  121-2. 


i.  2 


52 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


which  their  edicts  pretended  to  uphold. 
Thus,  the  bawds  who  inveigled  or  ravished 
girls  from  their  homes,  to  obtain  a  liveli- 
hood by  their  prostitution,  became  liable  to 
"  extreme  penalties,"  though  what  these 
were  we  know  not.  The  law  of  lenocinium 
was  more  widely  interpreted,  as  manners 
became  more  corrupt.  If  a  husband  per- 
mitted his  wife  to  prostitute  herself  that 
he  might  share  the  gains,  it  was  lenocinium. 
Justinian  allowed  a  woman  the  privilege 
of  divorce,  if  her  husband  endeavoured  to 
tempt  her  into  such  adultery :  he  was 
forced  also  to  restore  her  dowry.  On  the 
other  hand,  if  a  woman  committed  the 
crime,  it  was  lenocinium  for  the  husband  to 
receive  her  again,  to  spare  the  adulterer  if 
caught  in  the  act,  or  to  refrain  from  prose- 
cuting him  if  otherwise  detected.  If  a 
man  married  a  woman  convicted  of  adul- 
tery, discovered  a  crime  of  this  kind  and 
was  bribed  to  hold  his  peace,  commenced  a 
prosecution  for  adultery  and  withdrew  it, 
or  lent  his  house  for  rape  or  prostitution, 
the  Julian  law  made  him  guilty  of  leno- 
cinium, and  penalties  of  various  kinds  were 
attached  to  the  offence  in  its  different 
modifications. 

Lupanaria,  or  common  brothels,  were  at 
all  times  considered  infamous.  Young 
men  seem  to  have  been  more  careful  to 
visit  them  in  secret  than  at  Athens,  where 
they  visited  and  left  them  in  the  light  of 
open  day,  and  were  encouraged  to  do  so  by 
the  poets.  There  was,  however,  another 
class  of  disreputable  places  of  assembly, 
to  which  a  similar  exists  in  most  modern 
cities.  These  were  the  lower  order  of 
popince,  or  houses  of  entertainment,  not 
absolutely  recognised  as  "  stews,"  but  gene- 
rally known  to  be  the  resorts  of  prostitutes 
and  their  companions.  In  Pompeii  there 
appears  to  have  existed  a  class  of  the  same 
description,  for  in  one  of  the  wine-houses 
discovered  there,  an  inner  room  is  situated 
behind  the  shop,  the  walls  of  which  are 
covered  with  lewd  and  filthy  pictures. 
Pornography,  or  obscene  painting,  was 
much  practised  at  Rome,  and  doubtless 
afforded  much  pleasure  to  the  company 
who  nightly  assembled  in  the  Ganeao,  or 
regular  brothels. 

As  among  the  Greeks,  instances  of  men 
willing  to  marry  prostitutes  occurred 
among  the  Romans.  It  was  found  neces- 
sary to  check  the  practice  by  rendering  it 
disreputable.  The  penalty  of  public  in- 
famy was  denounced  against  all  freemen 
contracting  such  an  union  ;  while  a  senator, 
and  the  son  of  a  senator,  were  especially 
forbidden. 

The  prostitutes  of  Rome,  like  those  of 


many  other  countries,  varied  their  principal 
calling  by  others  which  rendered  them 
more  attractive  to  the  dissolute  youth  of 
the  city.  They  cultivated  the  arts  of  danc- 
ing, singing,  and  playing  on  musical  instru- 
ments. They  performed  lascivious  dances 
at  their  places  of  assembly,  playing  on  the 
flute,  and  practising  all  those  tricks  of  se- 
duction employed  so  successfully  by  the 
Alme  of  Egypt. 

Difficulties  have  arisen  before  many  in- 
quirers into  the  social  condition  of  the  an- 
cient Romans,  as  to  whence  the  prostitutes 
came,  seeing  that  they  were  chiefly  strangers. 
Some  light,  we  think,  is  thrown  on  the 
subject  by  the  fact  that  the  Ambubaiee 
were  Syrian  musicians,  who  performed 
dances  in  Rome,  and,  like  the  Bayaderes  of 
India,  the  Alme  of  Egypt,  and  the  dancers  of 
Java,  led  a  life  of  prostitution.  They  con- 
tinued long  to  be  imported  ;  for,  in  the 
History  of  Gibbon,  we  find  particular  notice 
of  the  lascivious  dances  performed  by  the 
Syrian  damsels  round  the  altars  on  the 
Palatine  Hill,  to  please  the  bestial  senses 
of  Elagabalus.  During  the  public  pan- 
tomimes, the  prostitutes  danced  naked 
before  the  people;  and,  at  the  Floralian 
festival,  the  actresses  at  the  theatre,  who  are 
known  to  have  been  common  prostitutes, 
were  compelled  to  strip,  and  perform  inde- 
cent evolutions  for  the  delight  of  the  audi- 
ence. This  refers,  however,  to  the  imperial 
age.  It  was  at  no  time  a  task  of  much  in- 
convenience to  divest  themselves  of  cloth- 
ing, for  the  harlots  never  encumbered 
themselves  with  much.  In  this  they 
resembled  the  Hetairae  of  Greece,  whose 
thin  slight  garment  was  so  insufficient  for 
the  purposes  of  decency,  that  it  was  desig- 
nated as  "naked."  This  was  not,  however, 
from  hardiness  or  simplicity,  but  merely  to 
promote  the  profit  of  their  calling.  In 
other  respects  the  luxury  of  the  wealthy 
prostitutes  was  boundless,  and  they  were 
borne  through  the  streets  on  the  rich  and 
elegant  lactrae  or  portable  couches,  softly 
pillowed  on  which  they  reposed  their  limbs 
in  voluptuous  indolence.  In  the  reign  of 
Domitian  a  decree  was  passed  that  no 
whore  should  in  future  make  use  of  these 
couches,  which  were  reserved  as  an  especial 
luxury  to  the  privileged  classes  of  Rome. 

The  edicts  against  prostitution  increased 
in  severity  under  various  emperors.  The 
severity  of  Constantine  enacted  that  a  man 
guilty  of  rape  should  die,  whether  he  ac- 
complished his  purpose  by  violence,  or  by 
gentle  and  gradual  seduction.  The  virgin 
who  confessed  her  consent,  instead  of  pro- 
curing a  mitigation  of  this  sentence,  ex- 
posed herself  to  share  the  penalty.     Slaves 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


53 


who  were  accomplices  in  the  crime  of  pro- 
curing young  women  for  prostitution,  were 
punished  by  being  burnt,  or  having  boiling 
metal  poured  down  their  throats.  The 
consequence  of  such  a  savage  law  was, 
that  it  could  not  be  generally  applied ;  nor 
was  it  enforced  by  the  example  of  the 
emperor,  who,  once  rigidly  strict,  turned 
dissolute  and  luxurious  towards  the  close 
of  his  reign. 

It  will  be  seen,  from  the  information  here 
collected,  that  no  actual  knowledge  exists 
of  the  precise  extent  of  the  prostitute 
system  in  Rome.  Facts,  and  some  of  these 
extremely  curious,  have  been  preserved  in 
connection  with  it ;  but  the  statistics  of  the 
question  are  wholly  lost,  if,  indeed,  they 
ever  existed.  On  this  account,  it  appeared 
possible  to  do  no  more  than  bring  those  facts 
together,  and,  throwing  them  into  a  general 
sketch  of  the  morality  prevailing  at  dif- 
ferent periods  in  the  social  history  of  that 
state,  to  draw  thence  an  idea  of  the  truth. 
Under  the  comparatively  virtuous  Republic, 
a  line  could  certainly  be  drawn  between 
the  profligate  and  the  moral  classes  of  the 
community.  Under  some  of  the  emperors 
such  a  distinction  was  wholly  impossible. 
The  vulgar  prostitute  was  commonly  met 
at  the  tables  of  the  rich,  and  the  palace 
itself  was  no  more  than  an  imperial  brothel. 
A  few  notes  on  the  history  of  the  empire 
will  justify  these  remarks. 

In  the  early  period  of  the  decline,  the 
licentious  amours  of  Faustina  were  excused, 
even  encouraged,  by  her  husband,  and  the 
nobles  paid  homage  in  the  temples  before 
the  image  of  an  adul tress.  In  the  eyes  of 
Commodus  virtue  was  criminal,  since  it 
implied  a  reflection  upon  his  profligacy. 
Dissolving  his  frame  in  lust  amid  300  con- 
cubines and  boys,  he  violated  by  force  the 
few  modest  women  remaining  near  his 
court.  Julia,  the  wife  of  Severus,  though 
flattered  in  life  and  death  by  public  writers, 
was  no  better  than  a  harlot.  We  have 
already  noticed  the  pleasures  of  Elagabalus, 
who  committed  rape  upon  a  vestal  virgin, 
and  condescended  to  the  most  bestial  vice. 
The  nobles  readily  followed  his  example, 
and  the  people  were  easily  led  into  the 
fashion.  Maximin  drowned  every  coy 
maiden  who  refused  his  embraces.  In 
process  of  time,  the  most  degrading  fea- 
tures of  Asiatic  profligacy  were  introduced 
into  Rome,  and  eunuchs  crowded  the 
palaces  of  the  emperor  and  his  nobles. 
History  alludes  to  no  more  vulgar  prosti- 
tute than  the  Empress  Theodora,  who 
played  comedies  before  the  people  of  Con- 
stantinople, and  prostituted  her  person — of 
unparalleled  beauty  as  it  was — night  after 


night  to  a  promiscuous  crowd  of  citizens 
and  strangers,  of  every  rank  and  descrip- 
tion. She  exhibited  herself  naked  in  the 
theatre.  Her  sympathy  for  the  prostitute 
class  may  be  indicated  by  almost  the  only 
virtuous  action  recordered  of  her; — in- 
ducing her  husband  Justinian  to  found  a 
monastery  on  the  shores  of  the  Bosphorus, 
where  500  miserable  women,  collected  from 
the  streets  and  brothels,  were  offered  a  re- 
fuge. When  we  remember  the  usual  relative 
proportion  of  objects  relieved  by  charity,  to 
the  numbers  from  which  they  are  selected, 
this  indicates  a  considerable  trade  in  pros- 
titution then  carried  on  in  Constantinople. 
AVhen,  however,  such  a  social  system  pre- 
vailed, no  inquiry  could  fix  the  professional 
class  of  harlots,  since  moral  women,  if  any 
existed,  were  certainly  exceptions. 

It  is  always  necessary,  while  inquiring 
into  the  morality  of  any  people,  to  inquire 
into  the  extent  to  which  the  practice  of 
procuring  abortion  was  carried,  and  how  it 
was  viewed.  Montesquieu  justly  observes, 
that  it  is  by  no  means  unnatural,  though  it 
may  be  criminal,  for  a  prostitute,  should 
she  by  chance  conceive  a  child,  to  seek  to 
be  relieved  from  the  burden.  She  has  no 
means  of  support  except  one  w^hich  she 
cannot  possibly  follow  and  at  the  same 
time  fulfil  the  duties  of  a  mother.  These 
considerations,  perhaps,  had  some  weight 
with  the  legislators  of  Rome,  as  well  as 
those  reasons  of  political  prudence  which 
in  various  ancient  states  recognised  in- 
fanticide. That  it  was  practised  to  some 
extent  there,  is  shown  by  frequent  allu- 
sions in  various  works.  It  has  been  as- 
serted, indeed,  that  the  custom  of  procuring 
abortion  prevailed  to  such  an  extent,  that, 
combined  with  celibacy,  it  materially 
affected  the  population  of  the  state,  but 
this  appears  a  false  view.  There  are  no 
accounts  to  support  such  an  idea.  It  is 
not  known  at  what  particular  time  a  law 
was  introduced  against  it.  Certainly  it 
was  held  in  a  different  light  than  it  is  by 
our  religion,  and  our  civilization.  Plato's 
republic  permits  it.  Aristotle  also  allows 
it  to  be  practised  under  certain  circum- 
stances, but  only  before  the  child  is  quick 
in  the  womb.  So,  also,  among  the  Romans, 
it  seems  long  t6  have  been  unrestrained  by 
law,  though  it  is  impossible  to  believe  that 
the  natural  instincts  of  women  would  not 
deter  them,  except  in  desperate  situations, 
from  such  unnatural  offences. 

Such  is  the  view  of  the  prostitute  sys- 
tem, with  a  sketch  of  general  morality, 
which  the  facts  preserved  by  history  enable 
us  to  off'er.  It  appears  from  these  facts, 
that,  during  the  more  flourishing  period  of 


54 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  Roman  state,  the  prostitutes  formed  a 
class,  to  which  the  principal  immorality  of 
the  female  society  was  confined,  while  in 
the  later  or  imperial  age  profligacy  ran 
loose  among  the  people,  so  that  the  dis- 
tinction between  the  regular  harlot  and 
the  unrecognised  prostitute  was  all  but  lost. 
Chastity,  under  the  Republic,  was  a  pecu- 
liar Roman  virtue,  and  the  prostitutes  were 
usually  foreigners,  while  we  do  not  find 
that  they  ever  mixed  with  reputable 
women  who  had  characters  to  lose"^ 

Op  Prostitution  among  the  Anglo- 
Saxons. 

We  leave  the  countries  of  classical  anti- 
quity and  arrive  at  the  Anglo-Saxons  of 
our  own  history,  in  whom  the  reader  will 
feel  a  peculiar  interest.  Unfortunately,  our 
usual  observations  with  reference  to  an- 
cient times,  apply  to  them  also.  Extremely 
imperfect  records  exist  of  their  manners, 
laws,  and  institutions.  The  learned  and 
industrious  Sharon  Turner  has  collected 
most  of  the  facts  known,  yet  neither  the 
word  prostitution,  nor  any  term  analo- 
gous to  it,  is  to  be  found  in  his  work.  In 
the  Leges  Anglo-Saxonic^e,  we  find  laws 
and  regulations  in  reference  to  the  chastity 
of  the  women,  but  nothing  which  indi- 
cates the  existence  of  a  class  professionally 
addicted  to  prostitution.  Nevertheless,  it  is 
improbable  that  such  a  class  was  utterly 
unknown,  for  the  modern  historians,  as 
well  as  the  old  chroniclers,  who  have  de- 
scribed the  era,  allude  repeatedly  to  the 
licentious  manners  of  the  period.  Glutton- 
ing  and  deep  drinking  may,  however,  have 
excused  the  epithet,  without  supposing  an 3^ 
prevalence  of  immorality. 

Sharon  Turner  refers  us  to  the  Maories 
of  New  Zealand,  for  a  parallel  to  the 
manners  and  condition  of  Great  Britain, 
when  first  invaded  by  the  Romans.  As  far 
as  profligacy  goes,  the  comparison  appears 
correct. 

Among  the  Britons,  however,  prevailed 
the  extraordinary  and  peniicious  institution 
of  small  societies  of  ten  or  twelve  men, 
with  a  community  of  women  among  them. 

*  Taylor's  Elements  of  the  Civil  Law  ; 
Becker's  Private  Life  of  the  Greeks  and 
llomans  ;  Suetonius,  with  Burmann's  Notes ;  the 
Codes  of  Justinian  and  Constantine;  Smith's  Dic- 
tionary of  Antiquities  ;  Adams's  Antiquities  ; 
Fergusson's  lloman  Republic ;  Niebuhr's  His- 
tory ;  Gibbon's  Decline  and  Fall,  supply  facts 
for  the  above ;  while  the  writings  of  Horace, 
Juvenal,  Lactantius,  Dion  Cassius,  the  Augustine 
History,  and  numerous  other  authors,  alford 
scattered  notices,  not  easy  to  collect  or  digest. 


Ceremonies  of  marriage,  indeed,  took  place, 
but  for  no  other  [(urpose  than  to  provide 
that  each  woman's  husband  should  main- 
tain all  her  children,  whoever  their  fathers 
might  be.  In  some  of  their  religious  cere- 
monies women  officiated  naked,  and  in  all 
their  modes  of  life  a  coarse  licentiousness 
obtained. 

The  Romans  introduced  a  more  refined 
luxury,  and  manners  became  less  coarse, 
though  no  less  profligate.  The  Saxons, 
however,  then  transported  themselves  to 
these  islands  from  the  Cymbric  Peninsula, 
and  the  civilization  of  the  country  passed 
through  a  complete  revolution.  In  their 
original  country  they  had  displayed  a 
system  of  manners  peculiar  to  themselves, 
and  the  other  wild  races  inhabiting  the 
mighty  woods  of  Germany.  Their  laws 
against  adultery  were  of  the  most  savage 
character.  When  a  woman  was  guilty  of 
it,  she  was  compelled  to  hang  herself,  her 
body  was  burned,  and  the  execution  of  the 
adulterer  took  place  over  the  pile  of  her 
ashes.  Among  some  communities  the 
punishment  was  still  more  severe,  and 
infinitely  more  barbarous.  The  guilty 
creature  was  whipped  from  village  to 
village  by  a  number  of  women,  who  tore  oW 
her  garments  to  the  waist,  and  pierced  her 
with  their  knives.  Company  after  company 
of  them  pursued  her  luitil  she  sank  uuder 
the  shame,  torture,  and  loss  of  blood. 
Chastity,  indeed,  was  very  generally  re- 
garded among  these  rude  people,  but  their 
ideas  were  very  foreign  from  ours.  The 
degrees  of  consanguinity  within  which 
marriage  was  prohibited  were  extremely 
narrow,  a  son  being  permitted  to  marry  his 
father's  widow,  provided  she  was  not  his 
own  mother. 

In  their  marriage  customs  the  Anglo- 
Saxons  displayed  considerable  regard  for 
the  female  sex,  although  the  wife  was 
taken  rather  as  the  property  than  as  the 
companion  of  the  husband.  The  original 
laws  of  Ethelbert,  indeed,  as  we  have  said, 
made  the  transaction  wholly  one  of  pur- 
chase ;  but  in  the  reign  of  Edmund  a  more 
refined  code  was  established.  The  be- 
trothal usually  took  place  some  time  before 
the  actual  ceremony.  This  was  held  as  a 
sacred  tie,  the  high-priest  being  at  the 
marriage  to  consecrate  it,  and  pray  for  a 
blessing  on  the  wedded  pair  "^. 

*  To  show  that  a  prostitute  class  existed, 
among  women  without  means  of  support,  we 
might  mention  instances  of  wills  in  which  mo- 
thers left  property  to  their  daughters,  on  condi- 
tion that  they  should  marry  or  keep  themselves 
chaste,  and  not  earn  money  by  prostitution. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  manners  of  the  Anglo-Saxons,  after 
their  settlement  in  England,  underwent 
considerable  improvement.  They  became, 
indeed,  to  a  degree  civilized.  Their  wo- 
men Yt^ere  no  longer  the  savages  of  Ger- 
many. They  occupied  a  position  wholly 
different  from  that  of  their  sex  among  the 
more  polished  and  luxurious  nations  of  the 
East.  It  was,  we  may  say,  similar  to  that 
which  they  at  present  fill  among  us.  They 
were  recognised  as  members  of  the  body 
politic,  could  bequeath  and  inherit  pro- 
perty, could  appeal  to  the  law  against  any 
man ;  they  possessed,  in  a  word,  the  rights, 
the  duties,  and  the  public  relations  of  citi- 
zens. Of  course,  in  all  these  particulars, 
their  position  was  modified  by  the  natural 
restraints  imposed  on  their  sex.  This  re- 
fers to  the  more  improved  period  of  their 
civilization.  In  the  laws  of  Ethelbert  a 
man  was  permitted  to  buy  a  wife,  provided 
he  did  it  openly.  By  Edmund's  time,  how- 
ever, the  practice  was  changed,  and  the 
woman's  consent,  as  well  as  that  of  her 
friends,  was  necessary.  The  man  was  also 
pledged  before  the  law  to  support  and  re- 
spect her.  She  carried  public  protection 
into  her  new  home.  Considerable  honour, 
consequence,  and  independence  were  there 
pre-enjoyed  by  the  female  sex.  Neverthe- 
less there  continued  long  to  be  in  the  trans- 
action much  of  a  business  character,  and 
the  consent  of  the  woman  was  frequently 
no  more  than  submission  to  the  terms 
of  a  bargain  struck  between  her  lover 
and  her  parents.  By  some  husbands,  in- 
deed, a  wife  seems  to  have  been  consi- 
dered as  little  more  than  a  property.  We 
find  adultery,  for  instance,  allowed  to  be 
compounded.  "  If  a  freeman  cohabit  with 
the  wife  of  a  freeman  he  must  pay  the 
fine,  and  obtain  another  woman  with  his 
own  money,  and  lead  her  to  the  other."    In 


other  words,  when  he  has  destroyed  the 
value  of  one  wife,  he  must  buy  a  fresh  one 
for  the  injured  husband. 

This  would  seem  to  indicate  that  women 
were  to  be  had  for  money.  Adultery,  in- 
deed, was  at  all  times  an  afiair  of  payments. 
It  was  punished  only  by  various  fines,  va- 
rying according  to  the  rank  of  the  woman. 
The  chastity  of  the  high  noble's  wife  was 
valued  at  six  pounds,  that  of  a  churl's  at- 
tendant at  six  shillings. 

In  the  Leges  Anglo-Saxonicte  we  find 
many  regulations  laid  down  respecting 
rape  and  fornication,  which  imply  the  oc- 
casional practice  of  those  crimes.  From 
the  tone  of  the  enactments  on  the  subject, 
it  seems  impossible  reasonably  to  doubt 
that  a  class  of  women  existed  who  prosti- 
tuted themselves  for  gain  or  pleasure  to 
the  other  sex.  None  such,  it  is  true,  is 
directly  indicated.  We  find,  however,  a 
rule  of  the  venerable  Bede,  that  any  "slave 
woman"  or  "servile"  turning  her  eyes  im- 
modestly on  men,  is  to  be  severely  chided. 
Blount  also,  quoted  in  Brand's  "Popular  An- 
tiquities," with  the  historian  Henry,  de- 
scribes the  punishment  of  the  cucking 
stool,  as  inflicted  by  the  Anglo-Saxons,  both 
in  Germany  and  in  England,  upon  scolds, 
disorderly  women,  and  strumpets,  who  in 
the  more  barbarous  society  on  the  Conti- 
nent were  sufibcated  in  marshes.  In  Corn- 
vv^all  harlots  were  long  punished  in  the  lu- 
dicrous and  degrading  manner  described 
by  Brand. 

In  the  absence  of  any  ground  upon 
which  to  stand,  we  cannot  describe  a  par- 
ticular class  among  the  Anglo-Saxons  as 
addicted  to  prostitution,  but  from  the 
whole  colour  of  their  civilization,  from  the 
rudest  to  the  most  refined  period,  it  is  evi- 
dent the  practice  was  followed,  in  a  greater 
or  less  degree"^. 


OF    PROSTITUTION  AMONG    THE   BARBAROUS    NATIONS. 


Introduction. 

In  surveying  the  social  aspects  of  the  bar- 
barian world,  we  discover  many  striking 
phenomena.  The  relations  of  the  sexes, 
among  uneducated  races,  appear  modified 
by  every  circumstance  of  their  position  ; 
but  everywhere  the  natural  ascendancy  of 
the  strong  over  the  weak  is  displayed.  A 
few  savage  communities  allow  women  a 
position  nearly  level  with  that  of  the  men ; 
but  wherever  this  is  the  case,  a  degree  of 
civilization  has  been  attained. 

If  we  divide  mankind  into  two  classes — 
the  civilized  and  the  savage — forming  an 
ideal  of  both  extremes,  we  shall  not  find  one 


tribe  or  community  to  occupy  either  pole 
of  our  supposed  sphere.  No  one  requires 
to  be  told  that  every  part  of  the  human 
race  is  still  below  the  perfect  development 
of  its  good  attributes  ;  but  the  observation 
is  equally  true,  though  less  generally  ac- 
cepted, that  every  family  of  creatures 
showing  our  nature  has  advanced  beyond 
the  utterly  savage  state.  When  Aye  find 
men  wandering  not  only  unclothed,  but 
unhoused,  over  the  earth,  and  following 
only   their   animal    propensities,    we   may 

*  Consult  Sharon  Turner ;  the  various  old 
chroniclers  ;  the  Leges  Anglo-Saxoiiicae,  ed. 
Wilkins  ;  Brand's  Popular  Antiquities,  &c. 


56 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


regard  them  as  wholly  untaught.  At  pre- 
sent no  such  tribe  is  known.  Every  human 
being  that  has  come  under  our  notice  has 
progressed  beyond  the  simple  gratification 
of  his  appetites.  The  love  of  ornament 
and  the  practice  of  exchange  have  raised 
him  one  step  in  the  scale. 

The  Africans,  the  Australians,  the  New 
Zealanders,  the  ruder  tribes  of  the  Pacific 
Isles,  the  Dyaks  of  Borneo,  and  the  natives 
of  Sumatra  and  Celebes,  with  the  Indians 
of  North  and  South  America,  may  be  in- 
cluded under  the  appellation  barbarous. 
They  vary,  however,  in  the  characteristics 
of  their  barbarism,  as  the  nations  of  Eu- 
rope vary  in  the  characteristics  of  their 
civilization.  They  are  even  divided  into 
classes.  (1)  The  hunters,  with  little  property 
in  the  soil,  precarious  means  of  existence, 
and  migratory  habits  ;  the  fishers,  who  are 
only  the  hunters  of  the  sea ;  (2)  the  pas- 
toral tribes,  with  property  in  herds  and 
flocks,  nomade,  and  therefore  little  property 
in  the  soil ;  (3)  the  agricultural  tribes,  per- 
manently or  temporarily  fixed  to  localities, 
whose  means  of  life  are  less  precarious, 
and  whose  habits  are  more  regular  than 
those  of  the  two  former.  The  third  is  the 
most  educated,  the  second  the  most  inno- 
cent, the  first  the  most  simple  state.  It  is 
among  the  shepherds  that  women  enjoy 
most  consideration,  and  that  morality  is 
highest.  The  hunters  are  more  savage, 
and  the  tillers  of  the  earth  more  sensual. 

In  judging  the  condition  of  the  female 
sex,  it  is  always  necessary  to  hold  in  view 
the  general  state  of  manners.  When  we 
inquire  how  husbands  behave  to  their 
wives,  and  how  parents  treat  their  daugh- 
ters, we  must  ask  also  how  they  live 
themselves.  Where  the  male  sex  is  de- 
graded the  female  will  be  so.  On  the  other 
hand,  the  refinement  of  any  people  may  be 
estimated  by  the  condition  of  its  women. 
The  islanders  of  Celebes  are  among  the 
most  elevated  of  barbarian  races,  and  the 
sexes  are  nearly  on  an  equality.  The 
hordes  of  Western  Africa  are  the  most 
gross  and  ferocious  of  savages,  and  their 
women  are  treated  as  reptiles.  The  Indians 
of  North  America  offer,  apparently,  an 
exception  to  this  rule,  for  their  lofty, 
proud,  and  polished  warriors  behave  con- 
temptuously to  the  squaws  in  their  wig- 
Avam,  who  crouch  to  the  earth  while  their 
lords  stand  haughtily  before  the  most  pow- 
erful conquerors.  But  the  Choctaws  and 
the  Cherokees  are  in  reality  as  far  removed 
from  true  civilization  as  the  dwellers  in 
New  Zealand.  The  amenities  and  not  the 
arts  of  life  civilize  men.  Wherever  in  the 
Indian   village   the   gentler    influences   of 


humanity  prevail,  the  feebler  sex  is  treated 
with  respect  and  affection. 

The  points  of  contrast  between  barba- 
rian and  civilized  races  display  themselves 
strongly  in  relation  to  the  condition  of  the 
female  sex.  Throughout  the  savage  por- 
tions of  Africa  one  system  of  manners  pre- 
vails. The  men  occupy  the  lowest  stage 
of  the  social  scale.  They  are  neither  hun- 
ters, fishers,  shepherds,  nor  tillers  of  the 
soil  ;  but  mix  up  several  occupations, 
though  none  of  an  elevating  character. 
Some  raise  a  few  materials  of  food  ;  others 
collect  ivory  in  the  woods  ;  others  live  on 
the  profits  of  the  slave-trade ;  but  the 
greater  number  subsist  on  the  refuse  of 
what  they  gain  in  the  service  of  their 
petty  kings.  They  have  been  sophisticated 
from  the  simplicity  of  savages  without 
acquiring  one  grace  from  civilization.  Sub- 
ject to  the  gross  caprice  of  princes  more 
miserable  than  themselves,  they  have  re- 
mained beyond  the  reach  of  every  human- 
izing influence,  and,  as  a  natural  conse- 
quence, their  women  are  debased.  Poly- 
gamy produces  its  worst  results.  The  wife 
is  an  object  of  barter ;  a  slave,  whose  labour 
assists  to  support  her  owner.  In  some  parts 
diligence  is  more  valued  than  chastity. 
In  others  the  husband  makes  a  profit  from 
his  wife's  prostitution.  The  slave  trade 
has  assisted  largely  towards  this  melan- 
choly state  of  manners.  The  finer  senti- 
ments of  humanity  are  altogether  lost,  and 
the  contempt  for  life,  as  well  as  for  all  that 
is  amiable  or  pure,  has  reduced  men  far 
below  the  level  of  the  brute  creation.  We 
speak  literally  in  saying  that  a  nobler, 
happier  spectacle  is  presented  among  the 
antelope  and  elephant  herds  than  among 
the  swarms  of  men  and  women  corrupting 
in  Africa.  In  the  few  parts  where  the 
male  sex  has  risen  from  this  debasement, 
the  female  has  been  equally  improved. 
The  barbarous  Edeeyahs  offer  an  example. 

The  savages  of  Australia  differ  in  many 
respects  from  those  of  Western  Africa. 
They  are  even  less  educated,  but  they  are 
also  less  ferocious  ;  their  women  are  their 
abject  servitors,  but  there  is  more  hu- 
manity in  their  treatment.  They  have 
scarcely  approached  so  near  to  the  forms 
of  regular  society,  as  to  systematize  the 
intercourse  of  the  sexes.  Nevertheless, 
among  some  tribes  we  not  only  find  the 
institution  of  marriage  respected,  but  wives 
guarded  with  Turkish  jealousy.  Among  a 
people  which  does  not  dwell  in  regular 
habitations,  or  even  lodge  in  roomy  tents, 
it  is  scarcely  possible  to  imagine  the  sanc- 
tity of  a  man's  harem  ;  but  it  is  true,  not- 
withstanding, that  a   similar  seclusion  is 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


67 


enforced.  The  Australian  woman,  in  the 
desert  and  under  the  open  sky,  is  hedged 
round  by  her  husband's  jealousy  as  securely 
as  the  ancient  German  was  in  her  unwalled 
shelter  of  thatch. 

It  is  seldom,  however,  that  among  bar- 
barous races  we  find  the  sentiment  of 
chastity  in  its  abstract  sense.  Women  are 
generally  treated  as  though  their  inclina- 
tions were  licentious,  and  in  this  consists 
one  great  line  of  distinction  between  civi- 
lization and  barbarism.  With  the  one, 
moral  influence — with  the  other,  material 
force,  is  employed  as  the  guardian  of 
female  honour.  The  result  is  important 
to  be  noticed.  Women  are  depraved  by  the 
rude  and  gross  means  devised  to  keep  them 
virtuous.  Where  the  moral  sentiment  is 
feebly  developed,  guilt  is  created  by  the 
efforts  made  to  prevent  it.  The  wife  per- 
petually watched,  as  though  her  heart 
were  full  of  adultery,  becomes  an  adulte- 
ress. The  young  girl  continually  guarded, 
Avith  the  avowed  object  of  compelling  her 
to  be  chaste,  loses  insensibly  any  natural 
feeling  she  may  ha\'e  possessed,  and  covets 
the  opportunity  to  sin. 

In  the  South  Sea  Islands  this  truth  is 
illustrated ;  in  New  Zealand  it  is  still  more 
strongly  proved.  It  is  taken  for  granted 
that  a  woman  will  prostitute  herself  if 
she  can.  The  state  of  morality  is  conse- 
quently so  low  that  it  is  difficult  for  parents 
to  preserve  a  daughter's  virtue  until  she  is 
given  in  marriage.  To  prevent  her  holding 
vicious  intercourse  she  is  forbidden  to  hold 
any  intercourse  with  the  opposite  sex. 

Another  characteristic  of  civilized  races 
is  the  separation  of  the  vicious  from  the 
moral  classes ;  they  systematize  the  offences 
against  society.  Every  class  of  vile  per- 
sons becomes,  as  it  were,  an  isolated  com- 
munity ;  the  prostitute  is  segregated  from 
the  refit  of  her  sex.  In  some  barbarian 
states,  as  in  Dahomey,  the  same  division  is 
effected  ;  but  the  kings  of  that  country 
have  sought  to  mimic  the  forms  of  edu- 
cated communities.  The  professional  is 
distinguished  from  the  habitual  prostitute 
only  by  her  open  assumption  of  the  title  ; 
but  the  immorality  of  the  female  sex  in 
Dahomey  is  far  from  being  represented  by 
the-  order  of  confessed  harlots. 

The  inhabitants  of  some  islands,  and  the 
shores  of  bays  and  roadsteads,  have  dis- 
covered that  in  prostituting  their  women 
to  the  crews  of  trading  ships  they  have  a 
readier  means  of  subsistence  than  was 
offered  by  their  former  industry.  This 
has  produced  a  frightful  system  of  vicious 
commerce,  which  still  prevails  to  a  great 
extent  in  the  Pacific,  as  well  as  in  New 


Zealand  and  the  ports  of  Africa.  It  is  for 
Europeans  to  repair  the  evil  created  by 
the  incontinence  of  their  predecessors. 
Many  captains  of  vessels  have  already 
effected  much  good  by  forbidding  women 
to  come  on  board. 

In  proportion  as  nations  approach  the 
higher  stages  of  civilization  does  the  re- 
spect for  human  life  increase.  Infanticide 
is  practised  with  the  least  remorse  by  the 
most  savage  tribes.  Among  those  commu- 
nities with  whom  the  means  of  existence 
are  precarious  this  crime  is  most  common. 
Wherever  barbarians  have  been  induced  to 
labour,  and  secured  in  the  enjoyment  of  j 
their  earnings,  the  natural  feelings  of  the 
breast  have  revived ;  and  mothers  who 
have  slain  six  infants  cherish  the  seventh 
as  a  sacred  possession.  Missionary  enter- 
prise has  produced  much  good  in  this 
respect ;  while  the  beneficent  rule  of  our 
Indian  government  has  bestowed  incalcu- 
lable blessings  on  the  people  of  the  East, 
among  whom  the  system  of  infanticide  is 
daily  becoming  rarer,  and  the  condition  of 
women  more  elevated. 

The  same  may  be  remarked  of  that 
unnatural  practice  upon  which,  as  indeed 
on  all  kindred  subjects,  writers  are  reluc- 
tant to  touch — that,  we  mean,  of  destroying 
the  unborn  fruits  of  union.  The  savage 
regards  it  as  an  act  rather  meritorious  for 
its  ingenuity  than  abominable  for  its  unna- 
tural character.  The  cause  that  encourages 
infanticide  encourages  this,  which,  indeed, 
is  the  less  horrible  crime.  The  woman  is 
less  reluctant  to  extinguish  the  vitality  of 
a  being  which  has  become  to  her  dear  only 
in  anticipation,  than  to  quench  a  life  which 
has  once  been  embodied  before  her  eyes, 
and  warmed  in  her  bosom.  The  operation, 
so  dangerous  to  females  in  civilized  com- 
munities, is,  like  childbirth,  far  easier 
among  savages.  The  native  of  the  Bornean 
woods,  without  any  of  the  delicacy  engen- 
dered by  luxury,  may  one  moment  be 
without  a  pang  giving  birth  to  an  infant, 
and  the  next  be  washing  it  in  a  neighbour- 
ing brook.  The  Malayan  lady,  bred  in  a 
city  in  indolence  and  comfort,  suffers  agony 
under  which  she  sometimes  perishes  before 
her  offspring  has  breathed.  So  it  is  with 
the  practice  of  destroying  the  unborn  child. 
Civilization  lessens  in  all  creatures  their 
means  of  independent  life,  and  their  powers 
of  endurance  ;  but  it  also  enables  them  to 
discover  or  compound  the  elements  by  which 
these  artificial  ills  may  be  remedied. 

In  proportion  as  the  intercourse  of  the 
sexes  is  loose  is  the  difficulty  of  learning 
the  actual  extent  of  immoral  practices. 
The  prostitute  class,  as  we  proceed  from 


53 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  pure  savage  to  the  highest  point  of 
civilization,  becomes  more  and  more  dis- 
tinct— being  more  conspicuous  because  more 
isolated.  This  is  accompanied  by  another 
process,  which  is  a  superior  standard  by 
which  to  measure  the  social  elevation  of  a 
people.  Women  respect  themselves  in 
proportion  as  men  respect  them.  Where 
locks  and  bolts,  scourges  and  cudgels,  are 
the  guardians  of  female  chastity,  it  is  only 
preserved  when  there  is  no  opportunity  to 
lose  it.  When  the  protecting  influence 
springs  from  within,  the  woman  moves  a 
virtuous  being,  defended  even  from  a 
licentious  glance  by  the  impenetrable  cloud 
which  her  native  modesty  and  virtue  diffuse 
around  her. 

Op  Prostitution  among  African 
Nations. 

In  the  wide  field  of  inquiry  presented  by 
the  barbarian  races  of  our  own  time,  Africa 
occupies  a  prominent  place.  Some  of  the 
most  wild  and  savage  tribes  of  the  human 
family  are  to  be  found  on  that  immense 
peninsula.  Many  degrees  in  the  inferior 
scale  of  civilization  are  represented,  from 
the  uncouth  Hottentots  of  the  south  to  the 
w^anderiug  Arabs  of  the  desert,  in  whose 
blameless  lives  we  have  a  picture  of  ori- 
ginal simplicity — not  far  removed  from 
the  real  refinement,  though  very  far  from 
the  vices,  of  the  most  polished  among  the 
communities  of  Europe.  The  inquiry  we 
have  made  into  the  condition  of  women  and 
the  state  of  manners  in  Africa,  has  confirmed 
us  in  our  opinion,  which  is  supported  also  by 
many  circumstances  observed  among  other 
races  of  men.  The  medium  of  refinement 
is  accompanied  by  the  least  immorality. 
As  in  our  own,  among  other  civilized  states, 
the  ratio  of  profligacy  is  greatest  at  the 
opposite  poles  of  society — the  wealthiest 
and  the  most  indigent — so  in  Africa  it  is 
among  the  basest  savages  and  among  the 
most  highly  polished  communities  that  im- 
morality prevails  to  the  greatest  extent. 
The  brutal  hordes  on  the  western  coast, 
with  the  populations  of  the  half-civilized 
cities  of  the  north,  abound  in  vices,  while 
the  barbarian  though  innocent  communities, 
with  the  wandering  dwellers  in  the  desert, 
are  characterised  by  manners  far  more  pure. 
In  ranging  over  Africa  in  search  of  facts 
to  complete  the  present  inquiry,  we  meet 
with  numerous  tribes  belonging  to  seven 
separate  races  of  mankind:  the  Hottentot, 
the  Kaffir,  the  Negro,  the  Moor,  the  Abys- 
sinian, the  Arab,  and  the  Copts  or  descend- 
ants of  the  true  Egyptian  stock.  Among 
each  of  these  we  perceive  some  varieties  of 


manners ;  but  everywhere  in  Africa  one  cir- 
cumstance is  prominent — the  degraded  con- 
dition of  the  female  sex.  The  women  of 
Cairo  and  Algiers  are  in  comparison  treated 
with  little  more  refinement  than  those  of 
some  purely  savage  states  ;  but  we  shall 
not  include  such  communities  among  the 
barbarian  races,  reserving  Egypt  and  some 
of  the  other  countries  characterised  by  a 
mongrel  civilization  for  separate  notices. 
We  may,  as  far  as  our  present  inquiry 
goes,  present  the  subject  clearly  and  with- 
out confusion  by  making  a  geographical 
arrangement,  and,  commencing  from  the 
south,  pass  over  the  continent,  until  we  en- 
counter a  form  of  civilization  in  the  valley 
of  the  Lower  Nile. 

The  condition  of  women  generally  in 
heathen  countries  is  degraded.  As  we  pro- 
ceed through  Africa  this  truth  will  be 
strongly  illustrated.  Commencing  with 
the  Hottentots  of  the  south,  we  find  them 
a  dissolute  profligate  race,  who  have  been 
so  from  the  earliest  period.  It  was  re- 
marked in  1655  by  Van  Riebeck,  when  the 
chiefs,  departing  on  a  distant  expedition, 
were  urged  to  leave  their  women  behind, 
they  replied  "that  their  wives  must  be 
with  them  everywhere  so  as  to  be  kept 
from  the  other  men."  It  was  remarked 
also  in  1840  by  Colonel  Napier,  who  de- 
scribes them  as  proverbially  unchaste.  Po- 
lygamy, at  the  early  period  referred  to, 
was  prevalent.  Men  bought  their  wives — 
sometimes  from  their  wealthier,  sometimes 
from  their  poorer,  neighbours  ;  but  all 
alliances  between  persons  of  near  kindred 
v>^ere  held  in  utter  abhorrence.  Indecency 
and  lewdness  are  their  characteristics,  for 
though  now  accustomed  to  clothing,  it  is 
no  uncommon  thing  for  them,  when  drunk 
at  their  festivals,  to  strip  naked  and  per- 
form lascivious  dances,  to  music  of  the 
rudest  harmony.  Many  among  them  ap- 
pear to  prostitute  themselves  readily  to 
strangers,  some  from  inclination,  others 
for  money,  many  for  a  gift  of  finery  ;  but 
in  what  numbers  this  disreputable  class 
exists  we  have  no  means  of  knowing*.  A 
superior  order,  however,  is  scattered  among 
these  degraded  creatures,  and  many  lively, 
intelligent,  and  well-conducted  women 
have  attracted  the  notice  of  travellers. 

The  pastoral  KaflGlrs  are  perhaps  a  more 
moral  though  a  more  ferocious  people  than 
the  Hottentots.  They  are,  indeed,  superior 
in  mental  and  physical  characteristics, 
being  more  addicted  to  arms,  and  less  to 
debauch.  They  also,  however,  practise 
polygamy,  and  buy  their  wives  for  so  many 

*  Napier's  Excursions  in  Southern  Africa. 


WOMAN  OF  THE  BOSJES  EACE. 

IFrom  a  Baguarrcolype  hy  Beaud.] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


59 


head  of  cattle.     Among  them,  as  well  as 
among  the  Bechuanas,  the  girls  undergo  a 
probation   before  marriage,   during  which 
they  live  apart,  and  hold  no   intercourse 
with  their  tribe  except  through  an  old  wo- 
man.    Sichele,  king  of  the  Bechuanas,  had 
numerous  wives,  of  whom  one  was  a  fa- 
vourite ;  but  he  granted  each   a   separate 
hut,  so  that  his  palace  was  a  kind  of  vil- 
lage surrounded  by  a  fence.     They  punish 
theft  in  a  woman  by  twisting  dry  grass 
round  her  fingers  and  burning  them  to  the 
bone.     Wandering  from  place  to  place  in 
tent-shaped    temporary    huts,   they   carry 
their  women  with  them,  and  condemn  them 
'to  domestic  labour.   Even  the  chief-'s  wives 
assist   in  grinding  the   corn,  and  tending 
their  husband's   nomade   household.      Di- 
vorce is  easy,  on  very  slight  grounds.     We 
occasionally   hear   of  women    committing 
what   is   termed   fornication,   but  no  pro- 
fessed  class   of   prostitutes  has   been   de- 
scribed.    As  among  all   nations  practising 
polygamy,  marriage  is  not  held  as  a  sacred 
tie  ;   but   adultery   on   the  wife's   part   is 
severely  punished  as  an  infraction  of  the 
social  law.     The  bonds  of  natural  affection 
appear  extremely  weak  among  the  Kaffir 
tribes.    Men  are  inspired  by  an  inclination, 
not   an  attachment,   to  their    wives,   and 
mothers  possess  less  affection  for  their  chil- 
dren than  is  observed  even  in  the  Austra- 
lian  savage.      The   weak   and    sickly  are 
sometimes  abandoned,  to  save  the  expense 
or   trouble  of  their  support.     JMrs.  Ward 
knew  of  a   woman   who,   having   a   little 
daughter  in  a  decline,  buried  it  alive,  to  be 
rid  of  the  burden.     The  little  creature,  im- 
perfectly interred,  burst  from  its  grave  and 
ran  home.     Again  it  was  forced  into  the 
hole,  again  it  escaped,  and  a  third  time  it 
was   removed   to    the    earth ;    once   more, 
however,  it  struggled  till  free,  and,  flying 
to  its  mother's  hut,  was  at  last  received, 
and  ultimately  recovered.     Such  instances 
of   inhumanity   are   not   rare   among   the 
Kaffir  tribes,  whose  passion  for  blood  and 
war  seems  to  have  blunted  some  of  their 
natural  sentiments.    Husbands,  when  their 
wives  are  sick,  frequently  drag  them  into  a 
neighbouring  thicket,  where  they  are  left 
to  die,  and  women  continually  do  the  same 
with  their  poor  offspring.     It  is  important, 
however,  to  mention,  that  in  the  instances 
of  Kaffirs  converted  to    Christianity  their 
manners  undergo  a  most  favourable  modifi- 
cation.    One  of  them  was  known  to  Mrs. 
'Ward  who  had  refused  to  take  a  second 
wife,  in  deference  to  the   moral  law  laid 
down   by  the   interpreters  of  his  adopted 
religion ;    and,   where    the   conversion    is 
sincere,  they  always  manifest  an  inclina- 


tion to  practise  the  manners  of  the  white 
men*. 

In  the  rude  maritime  region  extending 
from  the  countries  on  the  border  of  the 
Cape  territory  as  far  as  the  Senegal,  a  set 
of  characteristic  features  is  universally 
marked  on  the  people,  varied  though  their 
nationality  be.  Differences,  of  course,  pre- 
vail among  the  numerous  tribes  in  the 
several  states  ;  but  the  impress  of  African 
civilization  is  there  all  but  uniform. 

Those  between  the  tropics,  especially, 
are  absorbed  in  licentiousness.  Morality 
is  a  strange  idea  to  them.  Polygamy  is 
universally  practised,  and  in  most  places 
without  limitation ;  while  nowhere  is  a 
man  restrained  by  the  social  law  from  in- 
tercourse with  any  number  of  females  he 
chooses.  The  result  is  that  women  are,  for 
the  most  part,  looked  upon  as  a  marketable 
commodity ;  that  the  pure  and  exalted 
sentiment  of  love  is  utterly  unknown ; 
and  that  even  the  commonest  feelings  of 
humanity  appear  absent  from  among  them. 
Husbands,  for  instance,  on  the  Gold  Coast, 
are  known  to  prostitute  their  wives  to 
others  for  a  sum  of  money.  This  is  an 
open  transaction.  In  other  places,  how- 
ever, where  the  adulterer  pays  a  fine  to 
the  husband  he  has  injured,  we  find  men 
allowing  their  wives  an  opportunity  to  be 
unfaithful,  in  order  to  obtain  the  price  of 
the  crime.  Throughout,  indeed,  the  gloomy 
and  savage  states,  sheltered  by  the  woods 
bordering  the  Niger,  and  over  the  whole 
western  coast,  mankind  appears  in  its  un- 
couthest  form.  Human  nature,  degraded 
by  perpetual  war  against  itself,  rots  at  the 
feet  of  a  gross  superstition.  As  we  have 
said,  the  result  is  developed  in  various 
modifications  of  barbarian  manners. 

When  Laird,  in  1832,  visited  the  Niger, 
he  found  the  condition  of  the  female  sex 
upon  its  borders  most  humiliating.  In  the 
dominions  of  King  Boy  polygamy  was 
unlimited,  and  the  wives  reduced  to  slavery 
in  their  own  homes.  The  people  dwelling 
on  the  banks  of  the  Lower  Niger  may  be 
described,  in  fact,  as  among  the  most  idle, 
ignorant,  and  profligate  in  Africa.  The 
prince  himself  set  the  example  to  his 
subjects.  He  possessed  140  wives  and 
concubines,  of  whom  one  was  no  more 
than  thirteen  years  of  age,  whom  he  had 
purchased  for  a  few  muskets  and  a  piece 
of  cloth.  Half  a  dozen  enjoyed  the  dis- 
tinction of  favourites ;  one  of  them  was 
more  than  25  stones  in  weight.     The  mo- 

*  Harriet  Ward's  Five  Years  in  Kaffir  Land  ; 
Barrow's  Travels ;  Methuen's  Life  in  the  Wilder- 
ness. 


60 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ther  of  this  pluralist  was  maintained  in 
her  son's  palace,  where  she  amused  the 
court  by  dances  of  the  most  revolting  and 
obscene  description.  No  care  was,  in  any 
respect,  taken  to  preserve  a  sense  of  virtue 
in  the  king's  harem  ;  but  adultery  was, 
nevertheless,  punished  with  death.  This 
appears  the  case  in  most  countries  where 
shame  holds  no  check  on  immorality  ;  it 
may,  indeed,  be  taken  in  some  measure  as 
an  index  to  the  state  of  manners  Avhere 
crimes  against  chastity  are  visited  with 
public  infamy  alone,  or  with  legal  penalties. 
In  the  dominions  of  Boy,  one  wife,  at  least, 
was  expected  to  attend  her  husband,  even 
when  dead.  The  chosen  victim  was  bound 
and  thrown  into  the  river ;  a  mode  of 
death  preferable  to  that  practised  at  Cala- 
bar, on  the  coast,  where  the  miserable 
woman  is  buried  alive.  In  the  kingdom  of 
Fundals,  when  a  chief  died  leaving  fifteen 
women  in  his  harem,  the  king  selected  one 
to  be  hung  over  the  tomb,  and  transferred 
the  rest  to  his  own  palace  ;  nevertheless, 
a  few  of  these  enjoyed  an  independent 
existence.  One  lively  intelligent  woman 
possessed  an  estate  of  land  and  200  slaves, 
whom  she  employed  in  trade.  Industry 
flourished,  there  being  small  competition, 
as  a  more  idle  demoralized  people  than  the 
dwellers  on  the  Niger  as  far  as  Ebo  cannot 
be  imagined. 

Above  that  place,  where  the  land  is  less 
marshy  and  more  favourable  to  cultivation, 
the  natives  are  more  intelligent,  more 
addicted  to  agriculture,  more  manly  in 
their  habits,  and  in  proportion  more  kind 
and  respectful  to  their  women.  Polygamy, 
it  is  true,  prevails,  as  it  does  all  over 
Western  Africa,  but  the  sex  is  somewhat 
raised  aboTe  a  mere  instrument  of  sensual 
gratification.  In  other  directions  the  old 
features  are  resumed.  The  Bambarras,  a 
Pagan  people,  marry  as  many  wives  as  they 
can  support ;  and  the  Mandingoes,  who 
are  only  allowed  four,  treat  them  as 
slaves,  though  they  love  their  children. 

The  native  of  Western  Africa,  in  most 
cases,  looks  upon  his  wife,  in  one  respect  as 
a  source  of  pleasure,  in  another  as  a  source 
of  gain,  reckoning  her  as  property  to  the 
amount  she  can  earn  by  labour.  In  the 
institution  of  marriage,  therefore,  it  may 
easily  be  conceived  that  no  sacred  tie  is 
acknowledged.  It  is  merely  a  civil  con- 
tract, to  be  dissolved  at  will.  The  man 
sends  a  present  to  the  woman's  father ;  if  a 
virgin,  she  exchanges  her  leathern  girdle 
for  a  cloth  wrapped  about  the  loins,  and  a 
little  merry-making  consummates  the  trans- 
action. This  account  applies  especially  to 
the  Tilatates.      In    Yarriba   and   Bughor, 


when  a  woman  finds  herself  enceinte,  she  is 
obliged  to  inform  her  husband,  or  sufler  a 
public  whi})ping  when  the  discovery  is 
made.  This  custom  refers,  there  is  no 
doubt,  to  a  feature  in  the  morals  of  the 
people.  Mothers,  also,  are  forced  to  suckle 
their  children  until  three  years  old,  and 
punished  if,  during  that  period,  they  cohabit 
with  a  man. 

Strange  inconsistencies  occasionally  dis- 
play themselves  in  the  manners  of  these 
unintellectual  barbarians.  They  have  in- 
troduced a  feature  of  Asiatic  luxury,  by 
having  eunuchs  to  guard  their  seraglios, 
while  instances  occur  in  which  the  uncouth 
savage  professes  a  sentiment  of  attachment. 
The  King  of  Attah  told  Lander  that  he 
loved  him  as  he  loved  the  wife  who  shared 
his  bed.  Yet  he  was  a  polygamist,  and  a 
sensualist.  In  Abookir  the  prince  was 
continually  multiplying  the  inmates  of  his 
harem,  and  having  many  daughters,  had 
numbers  of  wives  younger  than  they.  Girls 
of  eleven  years  old  are  there  considered 
marriageable. 

Regarded  as  a  mere  social  contract,  tem- 
porary or  otherwise,  marriage,  in  this  region, 
is  held  among  the  most  ordinary  occurrences 
of  life.  A  man  arriving  at  the  age  of  20 
takes  one  wife,  and  then  another,  increasing 
the  number  from  four  to  100,  as  his  cir- 
cumstances allow.  Many  women,  even 
under  this  system,  cannot  procure  husbands. 
This,  however,  we  must  not  ascribe  so  much 
to  a  vast  preponderance  of  the  female  sex 
over  the  male,  as  to  the  fact  that  thousands 
of  men  take  no  permanent  partners  at  all. 
It  may,  perhaps,  be  safe  to  assert  that,  of 
the  single  men,  none  remain  without  inter- 
course with  women,  and  of  the  unmarried 
women,  that  not  one  preserves  her  chastity. 
The  idea  of  that  virtue  appears  foreign  to 
those  races.  Adultery,  indeed,  is  held  a  ci  ime, 
but  not  so  much  against  morals  as  against 
the  husband.  A  wife  suspected  of  it  is 
compelled  to  drink  a  decoction  called  Sassy 
water,  which  poisons  her,  unless  she  bribes 
the  priest  to  render  it  harmless  by  dilution, 
in  which  case  she  is  pronounced  innocent. 
The  widow,  even,  who  has  been  known  to 
live  on  bad  terms  with  her  husband  is 
forced,  among  the  tribes  on  the  banks  of 
the  Lower  Niger,  to  undergo  this  ordeal. 
An  illicit  connection  with  the  king's  wife, 
however,  is  punished  with  death  to  both 
parties,  while  among  the  chiefs  the  fine  of 
a  slave  is  exacted.  Every  woman,  except 
the  consort  of  royalty,  has  thus  her  mar- 
ket value,  which  is  greatly  increased  if 
her  friends  fatten  her  up  to  a  colossal 
size.  Men  frequently  buy  slender  girls  at 
a  cheap  rate,  and  feed  them  to  a  proper 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


61 


obesity  before  taking  them  as  companions. 
Marriage,  or  concubinage,  may  be  entered 
on  at  the  age  of  thirteen,  and  so  universal 
is  the  system  in  this  part  of  Africa,  that 
the  sex  seems  absolutely  wedded  to  its 
degradation. 

Among  the  people  of  Ibu  a  singular 
custom  exists.  When  twins  are  born  they 
are  immediately  exposed  to  wild  beasts. 
The  mother,  compelled  to  go  through  a  long 
course  of  puritication  and  penance,  is 
thenceforward  an  outlaw,  disgraced  among 
the  women,  who  hold  up  two  fingers  as  she 
passes,  to  remind  her  of  the  misfortune  : — 
she  is  at  once  divorced  from  her  husband. 

Though  thus  reduced  to  slavery  by  the 
other  sex,  women,  among  these  tribes, 
enjoy  a  certain  degree  of  freedom,  which  is 
a  mitigation  of  their  miserable  state.  Mar- 
ried without  their  own  consent,  they  are 
sold  to  a  husband  for  from  26^.  and 
upwards,  and  thenceforward  become  his 
servants.  Yet  the  favourite  wives  of  the 
rich,  exempt  from  toil,  are  allowed  to 
amuse  themselves  in  various  ways,  and 
even  to  walk  about  unveiled,  under  the 
guard  of  an  eunuch.  Men  never  eat  with 
their  wives,  and  often  treat  them  brutally, 
bewailing  the  loss  of  a  slave  far  more  than 
the  death  of  a  wife,  unless  she  happens  to 
please  the  caprice  of  the  hour.  It  is  among 
the  poorest  that  most  freedom  is  allowed, 
and  among  those  tribes  who  have  inter- 
course with  Europeans  that  most  ferocity 
prevails.  Some  dig  the  soil,  some  attend  to 
the  household,  some  support  their  husbands 
by  the  profits  of  a  petty  retail  trade,  while 
others,  kept  for  his  gratification,  are  allowed 
to  idle.  These  favoured  ones  are  often 
slaves.  A  handsome  }'Oung  one  often  sells 
for  ffiom  60,000  to  120,000  cowries  (from 
Zl.  I5s.  to  71.  105.*),  while  the  price  of  a 
common  wife  is  only  20,000  cowries  {25s.). 
Frequently,  the  man's  inclination  changes 
its  direction,  and  he  sells  one  girl  to  pur- 
chase another.  With  many  of  the  kings 
and  chiefs  a  continual  trade  in  women  is 
common.  King  Bell,  of  the  Cameroons,  for 
instance,  had  more  than  100  wives,  and  his 
wealth  was  increased  by  their  numbers.  In 
his  dominions  the  young  maidens  had  con- 
siderable liberty,  sporting  in  the  fields,  and 
enjoying,  for  a  few  years,  comparative  in- 
dependence of  the  menf. 

In  the  kingdom  of  Dahomey,  on  the 
Guinea  Coast,  we  find  some  of  the  most 
remarkable    institutions   with    respect   to 

*  Cowries  are  valued  at  fifteen  pence  to  the 
thousand. 

t  Bowdich's  Essay;  Thompson  and  Allen's 
Expedition  to  the  Niger ;  Laird's  Voyage. 


women  which  exist  in  the  world.  It  has 
been  the  centre  of  the  slave  trade.  Few  of 
the  comj^aratively  fair  aboriginal  race  exist, 
but  in  their  place  has  been  gathered  a  mixed 
population,  incontestably  one  of  the  most 
profligate  in  Africa.  Entering  its  seaport 
town  the  traveller  is  at  ouce  struck  by  the 
remarkable  immodesty  of  the  female  popu- 
lation. Throughout  the  country  the  same 
characteristic  is  observable,  though  in  a 
modified  degree.  Sir  John  Malcolm  ob- 
served of  the  subjects  of  the  Imaum  of 
Muscat  —  manners  they  have  none,  and 
their  habits  are  disgusting.  The  same  de- 
scription has  been  judiciously  applied  to  the 
people  of  Dahomey.  They  are  profligates, 
from  the  highest  to  the  lowest — a  bloody- 
minded  savage  race,  delighting  iu  huuiau 
suffering,  and  finding  their  national  plea- 
sure in  customs  the  most  revolting  and  cruel 
that  ever  obtained  in  the  world. 

The  king  practises  all  these,  and  is  supe- 
rior in  brutality  and  filthiuess  to  any  of 
his  subjects.  This  has  been  a  character- 
istic of  the  throne  iu  Dahomey.  He  has 
thousands  of  wives,  while  his  chiefs  have 
hundreds,  and  the  common  people  tens. 
The  royal  favourites  are  considered  too 
sacred  to  be  looked  upon  by  vulgar  eyes. 
Whenever  they  proceed  along  the  public 
road,  a  bell  is  rung  to  warn  all  passengers 
of  their  approach,  and  every  one  must  then 
turn  aside  or  hide  his  face.  If  one  of  them 
commits  adultery,  she  is,  with  her  paramour, 
put  to  death.  The  harem  is  sacred  against 
strangers,  but  the  privileged  nobility 
attend  the  royal  feasts,  where  the  king's 
v.'ives  sit,  attired  in  showy  costumes  of  the 
reign  of  Charles  II.,  drinking  rum  and  lead- 
ing the  debauch.  Those  of  an  inferior  class, 
or  the  concubines,  are  employed  in  trade, 
the  profits  of  which  accrue  to  their  master. 
Every  unmarried  woman  in  Dahomey  is 
virtually  the  property  of  the  sovereign,  who 
makes  his  choice  among  them.  No  one 
dares  to  dispute  his  will,  or  to  claim  a 
maiden  towards  whom  he  has  signified 
his  inclination. 

When  the  king  desires  to  confer  honour 
on  any  favourite,  he  chooses  a  wife  for  him, 
and  presents  her  publicly.  In  this  case 
she  performs  the  ceremony  of  handing  to 
her  husband  a  cup  of  rum,  which  is  a  sign 
of  union.  Otherwise  no  rite  or  ceremony 
whatever  is  essential.  However,  the  man 
must  finally  take  his  wife  or  concubine,  in 
the  usual  business  manner,  for  if  he  seduces 
a  maiden  he  must  marry  her,  or  pay  to 
her  parent  or  master  160,000  cowries 
(equal  to  71.  10s.  of  our  money).  Failing 
in  this,  he  may  be  sold  as  a  slave.  Thi's 
punishment  also  is  inflicted  on  those  who 


62 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


commit  adultery  with  a  common  person's 
wife.  The  rich  often  buy  a  number  of  con- 
cubines, live  with  them  for  a  short  time, 
and  then  sell  them  at  a  profit.  It  is  in 
Dahomey,  too,  that  the  practice  prevails  of 
throwing  a  wife  in  the  way  of  committing 
adultery  for  the  sake  of  the  penalty  which 
her  husband  may  exact  from  the  criminal. 
It  is  commonly  knoAvn  that  the  king  of 
Dahomey  supports  an  army  of  several  thou- 
sand Amazonian  soldiers.  These  women 
dress  in  male  attire,  and  are  not  allowed 
to  marry,  or  supposed  to  hold  intercourse 
with  the  other  sex.  They  declare  them- 
selves, indeed,  to  have  changed  their 
nature.  "  We  are  men,"  they  say,  "  and 
no  women."  In  all  things — courage  and 
ferocity  among  the  rest  —  they  seek  to 
preserve  the  character.  They  dwell  in 
barracks,  under  the  care  of  eunuchs  ;  they 
practise  wild  war-dances,  and,  officered  by 
their  own  sex,  scorn  the  allurements  of 
any  weaker  passion  ;  they  are,  therefore, 
for  the  most  part  chaste.  Vanity  and 
superstition  combine  to  guard  their  virtue. 
They  boast  of  never  encountering  a  man 
except  in  the  field  of  battle.  Thus  their 
pride  is  enlisted  in  the  service  of  their 
chastity.  A  charm  is  placed  under  the  thres- 
hold of  their  common  dwelling,  as  it  is  under 
that  of  the  palace  harem,  which  is  supposed 
to  strike  with  disease  the  bowels  of  any 
guilty  woman  who  may  cross  it.  So  strong  is 
this  belief,  that  many  incontinent  Amazons 
have  voluntarily  revealed  their  crime, 
though  well  aware  that  the  punishment  of 
death  will  be,  without  mercy,  dealt  upon 
them  as  well  as  their  lovers'^. 

Most  men  have  a  favourite  wife,  and  her 
privilege  is  valuable  so  long  as  her  husband 
lives  ;  but  on  his  decease  it  entails  a  terrible 
obligation.  The  dying  chief  invites  one  or 
more  of  his  principal  wives  to  die  with  him, 
and  these,  with  a  number  of  slaves,  varying 
according  to  his  rank,  are  sacrificed  at  his 
tomb. 

In  consequence  of  the  immense  number 
of  wives  and  concubines  kept  by  the  king 
and  his  wealthier  subjects,  numbers  of  the 

*  A  letter,  published  in  the  Times  in  August 
last,  announces  the  disastrous  defeat  of  the  cele- 
brated body  of  fighting  women  in  the  pay  of  the 
King  of  Dahomey.  The  Amazons  had  advanced 
to  the  attack  of  Abheokuta,  a  town  in  the  Bight 
of  Benin,  with  the  object  of  surprising  and  carry- 
ing off  the  inhabitants,  to  supply  the  demand  for 
slaves ;  but  the  hitter,  being  apprised  of  the  ap- 
proach of  the  female  warriors,  turned  out  in  force, 
repulsed  them  from  the  town,  and  in  the  course 
of  pursuit  effected  great  slaughter  amongst  their 
ranks.  More  than  1000  are  reported  to  have  been 
left  dead  on  the  field. 


common  people  are  forced  to  be  content 
with  the  company  of  prostitutes,  who  are 
licensed  in  Dahomey,  and  subject  to  a 
particular  tax.  There  is  a  band  of  them, 
according  to  Dalzel,  who  appears  worthy 
of  belief,  in  every  village,  though  confined 
to  a  certain  quarter,  and  they  prostitute 
themselves  to  any  who  desire  it,  at  a 
moderate  fixed  price.  The  profits  thus 
obtained  are  often  insufficient  for  their 
support,  and  they  eke  out  their  gains  by 
breeding  fowls,  and  other  industrial  occu- 
pations. Women  also  hire  themselves  out 
to  carry  heavy  burdens,  and  they  no  doubt 
belong  to  the  prostitute  class.  Norris  saw 
250  of  these  unfortunate  women  collected 
in  a  troop  on  a  public  occasion.  The  object 
of  this  institution,  according  to  the  king, 
was  to  save  the  respectable  people  from 
seduction.  There  were  many  men  who  could 
not  get  wives,  and,  unless  prostitutes 
existed,  they  would  seduce  the  wives  or 
daughters  of  others.  At  Whyddah,  on  the 
coast,  Mr.  John  Duncan  was  assailed  by 
numbers  of  women  who  offered  to  "  become 
his  wives,"  or,  in  other  words,  to  prostitute 
themselves  to  him,  for  a  drop  of  rum. 
Many  of  the  poorer  class  strolled  about 
naked,  ready  to  accept  any  one  for  a  mise- 
rable gratuity.  In  that  city  it  was  the 
custom  when  a  man  committed  adultery, 
to  press  him  into  the  king's  army.  For- 
merly he  was  sacrificed,  but  the  practice 
was  abolished — prisoners  of  war  furnishing 
"  the  annual  customs"  with  victims.  What- 
ever the  punishment  was,  however,  it  was 
ineffectual  to  suppress  the  crime,  as  depra- 
vity was  the  general  characteristic  of  the 
people.  At  Zapoorah,  beyond  Dahomey,  a 
chief  offered  one  of  his  wives  for  sale,  and 
parents  asked  a  price  for  their  children ; 
while  at  Gaffa,  still  further,  the  men  are 
more  jealous,  and  the  women  more  modest. 
Adultery  with  the  king's  wife  was  punished 
by  impalement  on  a  red-hot  stake. 

The  dirty,  lazy,  and  dull  people  of  the 
Fantee  coast,  near  Dahomey,  wear  the  same 
moral  aspect  as  the  subjects  of  that  king- 
dom. Women  support  the  men.  Parents 
would  sell  their  children,  husbands  their 
wives,  and  women  themselves,  for  a  trifling 
sum.  One  woman  was  so  desirous  of  chang- 
ing her  companion,  that  she  took  possession 
of  a  recent  traveller's  bed,  and  could  only 
be  expelled  by  force.  Marriage  is  a  mere 
purchase — of  from  six  to  twenty  wives  and 
concubines.  The  rich  support  their  harems 
at  a  great  cost.  The  common  j)rice  is 
sixteen  dollars.  Maidens  are  seldom 
bought  when  beyond  fifteen  or  sixteen 
years  of  age,  so  that  many  men  have  wives 
younger  than  their  daughters.    The  indivi- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


63 


dual  committing  adultery  is  forced  to 
buy  his  paramour  at  her  original  price. 
Contrary  to  the  custom  of  Ibu  and  Bony, 
the  mother  of  twins  is,  among  the  Fantees, 
held  in  great  respect. 

Along  the  coast  of  Benin  manners,  in 
most  respects  similar  to  these,  prevail — 
public  dancers  acting  as  prostitutes  ^  in 
most  of  the  native  towns,  and  offering 
themselves  for  a  wretched  price.  Every 
woman  holds  it  an  honour  to  be  the  king's 
companion  even  for  one  night  ■^". 

In  Ashantee,  where  polygamy,  as  else- 
where in  Africa,  prevails,  adultery  is  com- 
mon, especially  among  the  king's  wives, 
who,  when  discovered,  are  hewn  to  pieces. 
The  manners  of  the  people  are  profligate 
beyond  anything  of  which  in  England  we 
can  realize  an  idea.  In  the  country  of  the 
Kroomen,  eastward  on  the  Guinea  Coast, 
w^here  nearly  all  the  labour  devolves  on 
women,  men  become  independent  by 
the  possession  of  from  twenty  to  forty 
wives.  One  practice  prevailing  there  is 
characterized  by  an  unusual  depravity. 
The  son,  inheriting  his  father's  property, 
inherits  also  his  wives,  his  own  mother 
then  becoming  his  slave.  In  the  interior, 
on  the  banks  of  the  Asinnee,  we  find  a 
people  among  whom  the  men  are  indus- 
trious, and  the  women  treated  wdth  respect. 
The  consequence  is  a  far  higher  standard 
of  morality  f. 

It  is  remarkable  to  find  among  the 
Edeeyahs  of  Fernando  Po  a  strong  con- 
trast to  these  general  characteristics  of 
manners  and  morality  in  Western  Africa. 
Generous,  hospitable,  humane,  practising 
no  murder,  possessing  no  slaves,  with  only 
innocent  rites,  they  treat  their  women  with 
comparative  consideratioUjand  assign  them 
far  less  than  the  usual  amount  of  hard 
labour.  To  cook  food,  bear  palm  oil  to 
market,  and  press  the  nuts,  are  their  prin- 
cipal occupations.  Polygamy  is  allowed, 
and  when  a  man  undertakes  a  journey,  he 
is  accompanied  by  one  or  more  'of  his 
wives,  who  are  much  attached  to  their 
husbands  and  children. 

The  first  Avife  taken  by  a  man  must  be 
betrothed  to  him  at  least  two  years  before 
marriage.  During  that  period  the  lover 
must  perform  all  the  duties  which  other- 
wise would  have  been  performed  by  her. 
lie  must  go,  indeed,  through  a  probation 

*  Dahomey  and  the  Dahomans,  by  J.  E, 
Forbes  ;  Dalzel's  History  of  Dahomey ;  M'Leod's 
Account ;  John  Duncan's  Travels ;  Adams's 
Remarks  on  the  West  Coast ;  Adams's  Sketches  ; 
Meredith's  Account  of  the  Gold  Coast. 

t  Dupuis'  Observations. 


resembling  the  servitude  of  Jacob  for  Ra- 
chel. Meanwhile  the  maiden  is  kept  in  a 
hut,  concealed  from  the  sight  of  the  peo- 
ple. These  courtships  often  begin  while 
the  girl  is  no  more  than  thirteen  or  four- 
teen, and  her  lover  only  a  youth  ;  but  if 
he  seduces  her  before  the  two  years  are 
elapsed,  he  is  severely  punished.  That 
time  having  expired  the  young  wife  is  still 
kept  in  the  hut,  where  she  receives  her 
husband's  visits  until  it  is  evident  she  is 
about  to  become  a  mother — or  if  not,  for 
eighteen  months.  When  she  first  appears 
publicly  as  a  married  woman,  all  the  vir- 
gins of  her  tribe  salute  her  and  dance 
about  her.  These  customs  indicate  far 
more  purity  and  elevation  of  manners 
among  the  Edeeyahs  than  among  any  other 
people  in  Western  Africa.  They  are  only 
observed,  however,  with  regard  to  the  first 
wife,  all  the  others  being  virtually  no  more 
than  concubines  governed  by  her.  Some 
chiefs  have  upwards  of  a  hundred,  and  the 
king  uiore  than  twice  that  number. 

Adultery  is  severely  punished,  but,  ne- 
vertheless, not  very  rare.  For  the  first 
offence  both  parties  lose  one  hand.  For 
the  second  the  man,  with  his  relatives,  is 
heavily  fined,  and  otherwise  chastised, 
while  the  woman,  losing  the  other  hand,  is 
driven  as  an  outlaw  into  the  woods.  This 
exile  is  more  terrible  to  the  Edeeyahs  than 
the  mutilation'^. 

In  examining  the  condition  of  Africa, 
in  the  light  w^e  have  chosen,  it  would  en- 
tail a  tiresome  repetition  to  pass  in  review 
all  the  various  groups  of  states  sunk  in 
barbarism.  The  natives  are  generally  bar- 
barian. Elevated  slightly  above  the  hunt- 
ing or  pure  savage  state,  they  have  sub- 
dued some  animals  to  their  use,  and  practise 
some  ingenious  arts  ;  but  their  manners 
are  baser  than  those  of  any  race  below 
them  in  point  of  art  and  luxury.  We 
have  seen  that  in  the  West,  with  a  few  rare 
exceptions,  profligacy  is  the  universal  fea- 
ture of  society.  In  the  East  it  is  almost 
equally  so.  Our  knowledge  of  that  coast, 
it  is  true,  is  less  full  than  of  the  West ; 
but  travellers  afibrd  sufficient  information 
to  justify  an  opinion  on  the  general  state 
of  manners.  In  Zulu,  as  an  example  of 
the  rest,  the  king  has  a  seraglio  of  fifteen 
hundred  women,  who  are  slaves  to  his 
caprice.  His  mother  was  in  that  condition 
when  Isaacs  visited  the  country.  She  en- 
dured corporal  chastisement  from  her  son. 
A  number  of  women  and  boys,  belonging 
to  the  royal  harem,  and  suspected  of  illicit 

*  Thompson  and   Allen's   Expedition   up  the 
Niger. 


64 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


intercourse,  were  massacred  by  the  prince's 
orders.  Adultery,  indeed,  was  a  thing  of 
continual  occurrence  in  the  palace.  Mar- 
riage is  held  among  the  people  not  as  a 
sacred  tie  but  as  a  state  of  friendship.  All 
the  people,  however,  are  polygamists,  and 
the  laws  of  morality  refer  only  to  wives. 
With  others  the  intercourse  of  the  sexes  is 
unrestrained.  Men  do  not  cohabit  with 
their  wives  on  the  first  night  after  their 
wedding.  This  ceremony  among  the  rich 
is  accompanied  by  a  grand  feast,  though, 
as  in  other  parts  of  Africa,  the  wife  is 
bought — at  the  most  for  ten  cows.  A  man 
cannot  sell  but  may  dismiss  his  wife,  over 
whom  also  he  has  the  power  of  life  and 
death.  Adultery  is  always  capitally  pu- 
nished, that  is,  when  discovered  ;  for  with 
eighty  or  ninety  women  in  his  possession, 
it  is  not  always  possible  for  the  husband  to 
watch  their  conduct — especially  as  they 
labour  for  his  support.  Girls  are  not  al- 
lowed to  marry  or  become  concubines  until 
the  age  of  fourteen,  until  which  period 
they  go  without  clothing.  The  degrees  of 
consanguinity,  within  which  marriage  is 
strictly  prohibited,  are  very  wide — an  union 
being  permitted  only  between  the  most 
distant  relations. 

It  is  necessary  to  observe  that  in  the 
Zulu  kingdom  profligacy  is  more  general 
among  the  men  than  among  the  women, 
for  wives  hold  the  marriage  tie  in  great 
estimation.  It  is  the  unlimited  power  of 
the  male  sex  over  the  other  which  forces  it 
to  become  the  prey  of  sensuality.  Through- 
out the  Eastern  region,  indeed,  women  are 
the  mere  instruments  of  pleasure,  being 
bought  and  sold  like  cattle — forced  to  toil 
and  live  in  drudgery  for  the  benefit  of 
their  masters  and  husbands*. 

Among  the  nomade  and  stationary  tribes 
of  the  Sahara,  who  are  not  aboriginal  to  that 
region,  we  have  a  different  system  of  man- 
ners. In  the  Arabian  communities  you 
may  find  women  ready  to  perform  indecent 
actions,  and  even  to  prostitute  themselves 
for  money ;  but  these  are  of  the  low  classes. 
Cases  of  adultery  are  rare. 

The  Mohammedans  believe  that  a  man 
cannot  have  too  many  wives,  or,  at  least, 
too  many  concubines.  They  declare  it 
assists  their  devotion  ;  but  the  feeling  is 
one  merely  sensual.  Pure  sentiment  is  a 
thing  in  which  they  can  scarcely  believe. 
Rich  men  who  are  accustomed  to  travel  in 
pursuit  of  trade,  have  one  family  at  Gha- 
daraes,  another,  perhaps,  at  Ghat,  and 
another  at  Soudan,  and  live  with  each  of 

*  Isaacs'  Travels  on  the  East  Coast;  Captain 
Owen's  Voyage. 


them  by  turns.  These  women  stand  in  great 
fear  of  their  husbands.  The  rich  are  veiled, 
and  live  in  retirement  ;  the  poor  do  not  ; 
but  all  will  unveil  their  faces  to  a  stranger, 
if  it  can  be  done  with  safety.  The  white, 
or  respectable  women  of  Ghadames,  never 
descend  into  the  streets,  or  even  into  the 
gardens  of  their  houses.  The  flat  roof  of 
their  dwelling  is  their  perpetual  prome- 
nade, and  a  suite  of  two  or  three  rooms 
their  abode.  It  is  said  that  in  these  re- 
treats many  of  the  women  privately  rule 
their  husbands,  though  no  men  will  confess 
the  fact.  Among  the  Marabouts  it  is  held 
disgraceful  to  be  unmarried,  but  shameful 
also  to  be  under  the  wife's  control. 

The  negresses  and  half-castes  who  may 
be  seen  in  the  streets  of  the  cities  of  the 
Sahara,  are  generally  slaves.  The  women 
of  the  Touarik  tribes,  however,  are  by  no 
means  so.  They  belong  to  a  fierce  and 
warlike  tribe,  half  vagrant,  half  stationary, 
and  are  bound  by  few  restrictions.  Their 
morals  are  described  as  superior  to  those 
of  the  lower  class  of  women  in  Europe  ; 
though  exceptions,  of  course,  are  found. 
One  Touarik  woman  oflfered  to  prostitute 
herself  to  Richardson  for  a  sum  of  money ; 
or,  as  it  was  expressed,  to  become  his  wife. 
Polygamy,  though  universally  allowed 
in  the  Sahara,  is  not  carried  to  an  extent 
at  all  equal  to  that  prevailing  in  the  savage 
regions  on  the  east  and  west.  Three  wives 
usually  occupy  the  harem  of  a  rich  man. 
Marriage  is,  as  usual  with  people  of  that 
religion,  a  civil  contract  with  a  shade  of 
sanctity  upon  it,  but  celebrated  with  great 
feasts  and  rejoicings.  The  bridegroom  is 
expected  to  live  in  retirement  during  two 
or  three  weeks.  He  occasionally  walks 
about  the  town  at  evening  alone,  dressed 
in  gay  clothes  of  blue  and  scarlet,  and  bear- 
ing a  fine  long  stave  of  brass  or  polished 
iron.  He  never  speaks  or  is  spoken  to,  and 
vanishes  on  meeting  any  one. 

The  manners  of  the  communities  in  the 
Sahara 'are  imperfectly  known;  but  from 
the  accounts  we  have  received  they  appear 
to  be  of  a  far  more  elevated  order  than 
those  of  any  other  part  of  Africa.  It  is 
true  that  customs  prevail  which  shock  our 
ideas  of  decency.  A  chief,  for  instance, 
offered  Richardson  his  two  daughters  as 
wives.  It  is  also  true  that  many  women 
exist  who  follow  the  profession  of  prosti- 
tutes, though  we  have  no  distinct  account 
of  them.  But  immorality  is  usually  among 
them  a  secret  crime.  Their  general  cus- 
toms with  regard  to  sexual  intercourse 
arc  at  least  as  pure  as  those  of  Europe. 
Among  the  wandering  tribes  of  the  desert 
the  hardship  of  their  lives,  continual  occu- 


/ 


GIRLS  OF  NUBIA  (MAKING  POTTEEY). 

\From  St.  John's  **  Oriental  Album.'"'] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


65 


pation,  varied  scenes  of  excitement,  and 
contempt  for  sensual  enjoyments,  contribute 
to  j^reserve  chastity  among  their  virtues  ; 
while  the  Marabouts  of  the  cities  are  of  a 
generally  moral  character.  Intoxication 
never  happens  among  the  women.  Still, 
the  condition  of  the  sex  is  degraded  ;  for 
they  are,  with  exceptions,  regarded  only 
as  the  materials  of  a  man's  household, 
and  ministers  to  the  sensual  enjoyments  of 
his  life*.  The  Mohammedans  of  Central 
Africa,  bigoted  as  to  dogmas,  are  neverthe- 
less more  liberal  to  women,  who  enjoy 
more  consideration  among  them  than  in 
the  more  important  strongholds  of  that 
religionf. 

The  wandering  Arabs  of  Algeria  hold 
marriage  as  a  business  transaction,  though 
the  estimation  of  the  sex  is  not  low.  The 
lover  brings  to  the  woman's  home  ten 
head  of  cattle,  with  other  presents,  which 
usually  form  her  dowry.  The  father  asks, 
''  How  much  does  she  whom  you  are  going 
to  have  for  wife  cost  you?"  He  replies, 
"  A  prudent  and  industrious  woman  can 
never  be  too  dear."  She  is  dressed,  placed 
on  a  horse,  and  borne  to  her  new  home 
amid  rejoicing.  She  then  drinks  the  cup 
of  welcome,  and  thrusting  a  stick  into  the 
ground,  declares,  "  As  this  stick  will  re- 
main here  until  some  one  forces  it  away,  so 
will  I."  She  then  performs  some  little 
office  to  show  she  is  ready  for  the  duty  of 
a  wife,  and  the  ceremony  is  ended  %. 

Transferring  our  observations  to  Abys- 
sinia, we  find  in  its  several  divisions  differ- 
ent characteristics  of  manners.  In  Tajura, 
on  the  Red  Sea,  profligacy  is  a  conspicuous 
feature  of  society.  Men  live  with  their 
wives  for  a  short  period,  and  then  sell 
them,  maintaining  thus  a  succession  of 
favourites  in  their  harems.  Parents,  also, 
arc  known  not  only  to  sell  their  daugh- 
ters as  wives,  but  to  hire  them  out  as 
prostitutes.  One  chief  offered  a  traveller 
his  daughter  either  as  a  temporary  or  a 
permanent  companion  ;  he  showed  ano- 
ther whom  he  would  have  sold  for  100 
dollars.  One  woman  presented  herself, 
stating,  as  a  recommQndation,  that  she 
had  already  lived  with  five  men.  These 
are  nothing  but  prostitutes,  whatever  the 
delicacy  of  travellers  induces  them  to 
term  them.  Unfortunately  the  inquiries 
made  into  this  system  are  very  slight, 
affording  us  no  statistics  or  results  of  any 
kind.     We  are  thus  left  to  judge  of  mo- 

*  Richardson's  Travels  in  the  Sahara.  I 

+  Account     of  Africa,    by   Jameson,  Wilson,  j 

and  Hugh  Murray.  | 

i  Count  St.  Marie's  Visit  to  Algeria.  I 


rality  in  Tajura  by  the  fact  that  syphilis 
afflicts  nearly  the  whole  population,  man 
atid  woman,  sultan  and  beggar,  priests  and 
their  wives  included. 

In  the  Christian  kingdom  of  Shoa,  the 
Christian  king  has  one  wife,  and  500  con- 
cubines; seven  in  the  palace,  thirteen  wt 
different  places  in  the  outskirts,  and  the 
rest  in  various  parts  of  his  dominions.  He 
makes  a  present  to  the  parents  of  any 
Avomen  he  may  desire,  and  is  usually  well 
paid  in  return  for  the  honour.  The  gover- 
nors of  cities  and  provinces  follow  this 
example,  keeping  establishments  of  con- 
cubines at  different  places.  Scores  of  the 
royal  slaves  are  cast  aside,  and  their  place 
supplied  by  others. 

In  Shoa  there  are  two  kinds  of  marriage ; 
one  a  mere  agreement  to  cohabitation, 
another  a  holy  ceremony;  the  former  is 
almost  universally  practised.  The  men  and 
women  declare  before  witnesses  that  they 
intend  to  live  happily  together.  The  con- 
nection thus  easily  contracted  is  easily 
broken ;  mutual  consent  only  is  necessary 
to  a  divorce.  In  Shoa  a  wife  is  valued 
according  to  the  amount  of  her  property. 
The  heiress  to  a  house,  a  field  and  a  bed- 
stead, is  sure  to  have  a  husband.  When 
they  quarrel  and  pa,rt,  a  division  of  goods 
takes  place.  Holy  ceremonies  are  very 
rare,  and  not  much  relished.  A  wedded 
cou])le,  in  one  sense  of  the  term,  is  a  phe- 
nomenon. Instances  of  incontinence  are 
frequent;  while  the  caprice  of  the  men 
leads  them  often  to  increase  the  number  of 
their  concubines.  These  are  procured  as 
well  from  the  Christians  as  from  the  Mo- 
hammedans and  Pagans ;  but  the  poor  girls 
professing  these  religions  are  forced  to  a 
blind  profession  of  Christianity.  Favourite 
slaves  and  concubines  hold  the  same  posi- 
tion with  married  women;  while  illegiti- 
mate and  legitimate  children  are  treated 
by  the  law  with  no  distinction.  Three 
hundred  of  the  king's  concubines  are 
slaves,  taken  in  war  or  purchased  from 
dealers.  They  are  guarded  by  fifty  eunuchs, 
and  live  in  seclusion ;  though  this  by  no 
means  prevents  the  court  from  overflowins: 
with  licentiousness.  Numerous  adulteries 
take  place,  and  this  example  is  followed  by 
the  people ;  among  whom  a  chaste  married 
couple  is  not  common. 

Women  in  Abyssinia,  which  is  an  agri- 
cultural country,  mix  freely  with  the  men, 
and  dance  in  their  company;  though  a  few 
jealous  husbands  or  cautious  parents  se- 
clude them.  Morality  is  at  an  extremely 
low  ebb.  At  the  Christmas  saturnalia, 
gross  and  disgusting  scenes  occur,  as  well 
as  at  other  feasts.     What  else  can  be  ex- 


F 


66 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  A^D  THE  LO.YDON  POOR. 


pected  in  a  coiintrv  where  12,000  priests 
live  devoted,  in  theory  at  least,  to  celibacy ; 
and  where,  at  the  annual  baptisms,  these 
priests,  with  men,  women,  and  children 
strip  naked,  and  rush  in  promiscuous 
crowds  into  a  stream,  where  they  are  bap- 
tised according  to  the  Chrii-tian  religion ! 
The  sacerdotal  class  of  Shoa  is  notoriously 
drunken  and  profligate.  Another  cause  of 
corruption  is  the  caprice  which  induces 
men  to  abandon  their  concubines  after  short 
cohabitation  V7ith  them.  These  women, 
discarded  and  neglected,  devote  themselves 
to  an  infamous  profession,  and  thus  immo- 
rality is  perpetuated  through  every  grade 
of  their  society :  in  a  word,  the  morals  of 
Shoa  are  of  the  lowest  description.  In 
the  Mohammedan  states  in  its  neighbour- 
hood the  condition  of  the  sex  is  no  better. 
If  there  is  less  general  prostitution,  it  is 
because  every  woman  is  the  slave  of  some 
man's  lust,  and  is  imprisoned  under  his  eye. 
He  is  jealous  only  of  her  person;  scarcely 
attributing  to  her  a  single  quality  which  is 
not  perceptible  to  his  senses*. 

In  the  southern  provinces  of  Kordofan, 
under  the  government  of  Egypt,  south  of 
the  Nubian  Mountains,  immense  labour  is 
imposed  on  the  unmarried  girls;  yet  the 
sentiment  of  love  is  not  altogether  un- 
known to  them,  and  men  fight  duels  with 
whips  of  hippopotamus  hide  on  account  of 
a  disputed  mistress.  The  wife  is  never- 
theless a  virtual  slave,  and  still  more  de- 
graded should  she  prove  barren ;  the  hus- 
band, in  that  case,  solaces  himself  with  a 
concubine,  who,  if  she  bears  a  child,  is 
elevated  to  the  rank  of  wife.  It  is  common 
among  the  rich  for  a  man  to  make  his  wife 
a  separate  allowance  after  the  birth  of  her 
second  child,  when  she  goes  to  live  in  a 
separate  hut.  All  their  bloom  is  gone  by 
the  time  they  are  twenty-four  years  old, 
and  thencefoiward  they  enjoy  no  estimation 
from  the  men.  Yet,  improvident  in  their 
hearts,  the  young  girls  of  Kordofan  are 
merry ;  and,  whether  at  work  or  idle,  spend 
the  day  in  songs  and  laughter;  while  in 
the  evening  they  assemble  and  dance  to 
the  music  of  the  Tarabuka  drum.  Their 
demeanour,  in  general,  is  modest,  and  their 
lives  are  chaste.  Married  women,  on  the 
contrary,  especially  those  who  are  neglected 
by  their  husbands,  occupy  themselves  in 
gossip,  and  find  solace  in  criminal  in- 
trigues.     In  some   parts   of  the   country, 

*  These  views  of  Abyssinian  society  are 
afforded  by  Bruce,  and  lately  by  Gng;it,  and  have 
been  contradicted  by  Mr.  Sah.  Ttiey  are  fully 
corroborated,  however,  by  the  more  recent  and 
valuable  authority  of  Sir  Cornwallis  Harris. 


indeed,  men  consider  it  an  honour  for  their 
wives  to  have  intercourse  with  others; 
and  the  women  are  often  forwarded  in 
their  advances.  Female  slaves  often  have 
lib'jrty  when  they  bear  children  to  their 
proprietors. 

Women  eat  when  the  men  have  dme, 
and  prett}'  dancers  attend  at  the  feasts  to 
amuse  their  employers.  These  girls,  like 
the  Ghawazee  of  Lower  Egypt,  are  usually 
prostitutes,  and  very  skilful  in  the  arts  of 
seduction.  Numbers  of  this  class  fled  from 
Egypt  into  Kordofan,  on  one  occasion,  w^hen 
Mohammed  Ali,  in  one  of  his  affected  fits 
of  morality,  endeavoured  to  suppress  their 
calling  altogether. 

Marriage,  it  may  be  scarcely  necessary 
to  saj',  is  concluded  without  the  woman's 
consent.  The  man  bargains  for  her,  pays 
her  price,  takes  her  home,  strips  oft"  her 
virginal  girdle,  which  is  the  only  garment 
of  unmarried  girls,  and  covers  her  with  a 
cloth  about  her  loins ;  a  feast  and  a  dance 
occasionally  celebrate  the  event.  When  a 
wife  is  ill-treated  beyond  endurance,  she 
demands  a  divorce ;  and,  taking  her  female 
ofispring,  with  her  dowry,  returns  home. 
Trifles  often  produce  these  separations. 
That  her  husband  has  not  allowed  her 
sufficient  pomatum  to  anoint  her  person 
with,  is  not  unfrequently  the  ground  of 
complaint.  Few  men  in  Kordofan  have 
more  than  two  wives ;  but  most  have  con- 
cubines besides,  whom  the  more  opulent 
protect  by  a  guard  of  eunuchs. 

These  remarks  apply  to  the  agTicultural 
or  fixed  population.  The  Baghaira,  or  wan- 
dering pastoral  tribes  of  Kordofan,  are  a 
modest,  moral  race — naked,  but  not  on  that 
account  indecent"^'. 

A  chief  of  the  Berbers  offered  a  late  tra- 
veller the  choice  of  his  two  daughters  for  a 
bedfellow.  They  were  already  both  married. 
Women  there,  however,  as  well  as  in  Don- 
gola,  are,  many  of  them,  ready  to  prosti- 
tute themselves  for  a  present.  A  virgin, 
whether  as  wife  or  concubine,  may  be  pur- 
chased for  a  horse.  "  Why  do  you  not 
marry  ?"  said  a  traveller  to  a  young  Berber. 
He  pointed  to  a  colt  and  answered  "  When 
that  is  a  horse  I  shall  marry."  f 

The  condition  of  women  and  state  of 
manners  on  the  upper  borders  of  the  Nile, 
we  find  described  in  Ferdinand  Werne's 
account  of  his  recent  voyage  to  discover 
the  sources  of  the  White  Stream.  The 
system  in  Khartum  may  be  indicated  by 
one  sentence  in  the  traveller's  own  lan- 
guage.  He  speaks  of  desiring  that  the  pay 

*  Ignatius  Palme's  Travels  in  Kordofan. 
f  Expedition  to  Dongola  and  Sennaar. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


might  be  advanced  to  prevent  starvation 
from  visiting  the  soldiers'  families,  "  which, 
from  the  low  price  of  female  slaves,  were 
numerous."  It  may,  without  resort  to  hy- 
perbole, be  said,  that  the  female  monkeys 
peopling  the  neighbouring  woods  occupy 
a  far  nobler  and  more  natural  position. 
Among  the  barbarians  on  the  banks  of  the 
river  further  up,  the  state  of  manners  is  in 
a  great  degree  more  pure.  The  Keks,  for 
example,  are  described  as  leading  a  blame- 
less life.  The  travellers  saw  no  marriage- 
able maidens  or  children,  married  women 
alone  appearing.  The  most  singular  social 
economy  prevails  among  them.  The  women 
live,  during  a  considerable  part  of  the 
year,  in  villages  apart  from  the  men,  who 
possess  only  temporary  huts.  Their  wives 
have  regular  substantial  habitations,  which 
are  common  to  both  sexes  during  the  rainy 
season.  A  man  dare  not  approach  the 
"  harem  village,"  except  at  the  proper  pe- 
riod, though  some  of  the  women  occasion- 
ally creep  into  their  husbands'  village. 
Polygamy  is  allowed,  but  only  practised  by 
the  chiefs,  since  all  the  wives  are  bought, 
which  renders  the  indulgence  costly. 

Among  some  of  the  tribes  on  the  banks 
of  the  White  Nile  women  will  sell  their 
children  if  they  can  do  so  with  profit. 
Everywhere  in  that  region  the  maidens 
mingle  naked  with  the  men,  but  appear  by 
no  means  immodest.  When  married  they 
wear  an  apron.  All  exhibit  a  sense  of 
shame  at  exhibiting  themselves  unclothed 
before  strangers.  Beyond  the  Mountains 
of  the  Moon,  however,  Werne  found  people, 
among  whom  the  unmarried  men  and 
women  were  separated.  They  were  com- 
pletely naked,  but  chaste  and  decent  ne- 
vertheless. A  heavy  price  was  always 
asked  lor  a  girl,  which  prevented  common 
polygamy,  though  their  social  code  per- 
mitted if^. 

It  must  be  evident  that,  in  an  inquiry 
like  the  present,  a  view  of  the  manners 
and  morals  of  Africa  with  regard  to  the 
female  sex  must  be  incomplete.  In  the 
first  place,  our  information  is  very  limited  ; 
in  the  second,  we  are  confined  for  space — 
for  otherwise  these  sketches  could  be  ex- 
tended to  an  indefinite  extent.  We  have, 
however,  taken  observations  in  Southern, 
in  Western,  in  Eastern,  in  Northern,  and 
Central  Africa.  Kingdoms  and  communi- 
ties, indeed,  there  are  which  we  have  not 
included  in  our  description.  Of  these  some 
wear  features  so  similar  to  others  we 
have  noticed,  that  to  particularise  them  is 
unnecessary  in  a  general  view.     Of  others, 

*  Werne's  Expedition  up  the  "White  Nile. 


such  as  Egypt,  Nubia,  Barca,  Tripoli,  Al- 
giers, and  Morocco,  we  shall  treat  in  a 
future  division  of  the  subject,  because 
they  are  not  included,  by  tlie  character  of 
their  civilization,  among  the  communities  of 
which  we  have  hitherto  spoken.  The 
reader  will,  we  trust,  have  been  enabled  to 
form  a  fair  idea  of  the  average  of  morals 
among  the  savages  and  semi-savages  of 
Africa.  With  modern  barbarians,  as  with 
ancient  states,  tabular  statistics  are  im- 
possible :  but  from  a  description  in  ge- 
neral terms,  we  cannot  always  refuse  to 
ground  a  confident  opinion. 

Women  in  Australia. 
In  Australia  we  have  a  family  of  the  human 
race  still  more  uneducated,  though  not 
more  barbarous,  than  that  which  inhabits 
the  woods  of  the  African  continent.  There 
is  among  them  less  approach  to  the  arts  of 
civilization,  less  ingenuity,  less  intelligence, 
but  there  is  more  simplicity.  Their  cus- 
toms are  not  so  brutal  as  those  prevailing 
on  the  banks  of  the  Joliba  or  ttie  Senegal. 
Nevertheless  they  are  true  savages,  and  the 
condition  of  their  women  is  consistent  with 
all  the  other  features  of  their  irreclaimed 
state.  Of  the  Australians,  however,  as  of 
all  races  imperfectly  known,  there  obtains 
in  this  country  a  vulgar  idea  drawn  from 
the  old  accounts,  which  are  little  better 
than  caricatures.  They  have  been  repre- 
sented as  a  hideous  race,  scarcely  elevated 
above  the  brute,  blood-thirsty,  destitute  of 
human  feeling,  without  any  redeeming 
characteristics,  and,  moreover,  incapable  of 
civilization.  Such  a  description  is  calcu- 
lated only  to  mislead.  The  aborigines  of 
Australia  are  certainly  a  low,  barbarous, 
and  even  a  brutal  race,  but  the  true  picture 
of  their  manners,  which  form  the  expres- 
sion of  their  character,  is  not  without  en- 
couraging traits. 

Considering  the  great  extent  of  New 
Holland,  it  is  surprising  to  find  such  an 
uniformity  of  character  and  customs,  as 
we  actually  discover  among  its  nations. 
The  language,  varied  by  dialects^the  habits, 
social  laws,  and  ideas  of  the  people,  are 
extremely  similar,  whether  we  visit  them 
in  that  province  called  the  Happy  or  in 
the  districts  around  Port  Essington.  Con- 
sequently, though  it  occupy  a  large  space 
on  the  map,  this  region  will  not  require 
any  very  extended  notice.  An  idea  of  the 
condition  and  morality  of  its  women  may 
be  afibrded  by  one  general  view,  with 
reference  to  the  various  local  peculiarities 
noticed  by  travellers. 

The  native  inhabitants  of  Australia  are 
generally  nomadic.     They  dwell  in  tempo- 


F  2 


68 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


rarj  villages  scattered  over  vast  surfaces  of 
country,  and  move  from  place  to  place,  as 
the  supply  of  provisions,  spontaneously 
provided  by  the  earth,  is  more  or  less 
abundant.  Separated  as  they  are  into 
small  isolated  communities — rarely  num- 
bering more  than  eighty  members — they 
resort  to  the  borders  of  lakes  and  streams, 
which  dry  up  at  certain  seasons,  and  force 
them  to  seek  elsewhere  a  home.  A  rude 
copy  of  the  patriarchal  form  of  government 
prevails  among  them — old  men  being  the 
rulers  of  the  tribe. 

The  condition  of  women  among  these 
primitive  savages  is  extremely  low.  They 
are  servants  of  the  stronger  sex.  In  some 
of  their  dialects  wife  and  slave  are  synony- 
mous. All  the  labour  devolves  on  her,  and, 
as  no  form  of  agriculture  is  practised,  this 
consists  principally  in  the  search  for  the 
means  of  life.  She  collects  the  daily  food, 
she  prepares  the  camp  or  the  hut  at  night, 
she  piles  fire-wood,  draws  water,  weaves 
baskets,  carries  all  burdens,  and  bears  the 
children  on  her  back,  and  the  return  for 
all  this  willing  devotion  is  frequently  the 
grossest  ill-usage. 

There  is  no  form  of  marriage  ceremony 
observed.  A  man  gets  a  wife  in  various 
ways.  Sometimes  she  is  betrothed  to  him 
while  an  infant — even  before  her  birth, 
and  sometimes  she  devolves  to  him  with 
other  property.  The  eldest  surviving  bro- 
ther, or  next  male  relative,  inherits  the 
women  of  a  whole  family.  Thus  many 
households  are  supplied.  Others  steal 
their  wives  from  hostile  tribes,  and  fre- 
quent wars  arise  from  such  proceedings. 
Polygamy  is  universally  allowed,  but  not 
by  any  means  generally  practised ;  for 
there  are  few  parts  of  Australia  where  the 
female  sex  is  not  outnumbered  by  the 
male.  Plurality  of  wives  consequently  im- 
plies wealth  and  distinction — each  addi- 
tional one  being  regarded  as  a  new  slave, 
an  increase  of  property.  Nor  are  the  wo- 
men jealous  of  polygamy.  When  a  man 
has  many  wives,  they  subdivide  the  labour, 
which  otherwise  would  devolve  on  one,  thus 
lightening  each  others'  burdens,  and  pro- 
curing companionship.  There  can  indeed 
be  little  jealous  feeling  where  affection  on 
the  part  of  the  husband  to  the  wife  is 
almost  a  thing  unknown. 

The  Australian  wife  when  past  the  prime 
of  life  is  usually  a  wretched  object.  She  is 
often  deformed  and  crippled  by  excessive 
toil — her  body  bent,  her  legs  crooked,  her 
ankles  swollen,  her  face  wearing  an  aspect 
of  sullen  apathy,  produced  by  long  hard- 
ship. When  young,  however,  they  are 
frequently   lively  and    happy,  not    being 


cursed  with  keen  feelings,  and  caring  for 
little  beyond  the  present  hour.  Should 
a  young  woman,  nevertheless,  be  distin- 
guished by  peculiar  beauty,  she  leads, 
while  her  attractions  last,  a  miserable 
course  of  existence.  Betrothed  at  an  early 
age,  she  is  perpetually  watched  by  the 
future  husband,  and  upon  the  least  suspi- 
cion of  infidelity  is  subjected  to  the  most 
brutal  treatment.  To  thrust  a  spear 
through  her  thigh  or  the  calf  of  her 
leg  is  the  common  mode  of  punishment. 
She  may,  in  spite  of  all  precautions,  be 
snatched  away  :  whether  consenting  or 
not,  she  must  endure  the  same  penalty.  If 
she  be  chaste,  the  man  who  has  attempted 
to  seduce  her  may  strike  her  with  a  club, 
stun  her,  and  bear  her  to  a  wood,  where 
she  is  violated  by  force.  Still  she  is  pu- 
nished, and  it  is,  says  Sir  George  Grey,  no 
common  sight  to  see  a  woman  of  superior 
elegance  or  beauty  who  has  not  some  scars 
disfiguring  various  parts  of  her  person. 
This  period,  however,  is  soon  over,  for  the 
bloom  of  an  Australian  woman  is  very 
short-lived.  When  the  seducer  is  found,  he 
is  punished  in  a  similar  manner,  and  if  be 
have  committed  adultery  with  a  married 
woman,  suffers  death. 

The  jealousy  of  the  married  men  is 
excessive,  and  would  be  ridiculous  were  it 
not  that  their  vigilance  is  absolutely  called 
for.  A  careless  husband  would  speedily 
suffer  for  his  neglect.  Accordingly  we  find 
the  Australian  savages  practising  in  their 
woods  or  open  plains  restrictions  not  dis- 
similar to  those  adopted  in  the  seraglios  of 
the  East.  When  an  encampment  is  formed 
for  the  night  every  man  overlooks  his 
wives  while  they  build  one  or  more  tem- 
porary huts,  over  which  he  then  places 
himself  as  a  guard.  The  young  children 
and  the  unmarried  girls  occupy  this  por- 
tion of  the  village.  Boys  above  ten  years 
of  age  and  all  single  men  are  forced  to  sleep 
in  a  separate  encampment,  constructed  for 
them  by  their  mothers,  and  are  not  allowed 
to  visit  the  bivouacs  of  the  married  men. 
Under  no  circumstances  is  a  strange  native 
allowed  to  approach  one  of  the  family  huts. 
Each  of  these  little  dwellings  is  placed  far 
from  the  rest,  so  that  when  their  inmates 
desire  to  hold  converse  they  sing  to  each 
other  from  a  distance.  When  the  young 
men  collect  to  dance,  the  maidens  and 
wives  are  allowed  to  be  spectators,  but 
only  on  a  few  occasions  to  join.  They 
have  dances  of  their  own,  at  which  the 
youth  of  the  other  sex  are  not  permitted 
to  be  present. 

In  spite  of  this  excessive  jealousy  the 
idea  of  a  husband's  affection  for  his  wife 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


69 


appears  strange  to  them.  Men  return  from 
journeys  without  exchanging  a  greeting 
with  the  mothers  of  their  children,  but 
those  children  they  salute  with  many  en- 
deaiing  terms,  falling  on  their  necks  and 
shedding  tears  with  every  demonstration 
of  love.  A  man  has  been  known,  when  his 
wife  was  grievously  sick,  to  leave  her  to 
die  in  the  wilderness,  rather  than  be 
troubled  with  her  on  his  journey. 

Yet  the  influence  of  women  is  not  by 
any  means  small.  In  some  of  the  tribes 
they  obtain  a  position  of  moderate  equality 
with  the  husband,  are  well-fed,  clothed,  and 
treated  as  rational  beings.  Everywhere  the 
men,  young  and  old,  strive  to  deserve  their 
praise ;  and  exhibitions  of  vanity  take 
place,  perfectly  ludicrous  to  those  Euro- 
pean travellers  who  forget  that  the  silly 
dandyism  of  the  Australian  savage,  with 
his  paint  and  opossum  skin,  is  only  pecu- 
liar in  its  form  of  expression.  Women  are 
often  present  on  the  field  of  battle,  to  in- 
spire their  husbands  by  exhortations,  to 
rouse  them  by  clamours  of  revenge  or  ap- 
peals to  their  valour  ;  and  among  the  chief 
punishments  of  cowardice  is  their  con- 
tempt. The  man  failing  in  any  great  duty 
of  a  warrior  is  so  disgraced.  Thus,  if  he 
neglect  to  avenge  the  death  of  his  nearest 
relation,  his  wives  may  quit  him  ;  the 
unmarried  girls  shun  him  with  scorn,  and 
he  is  driven  by  their  reproaches  to  perform 
his  bloody  and  dangerous  task. 

Where  polygamy  exists  it  is  seldom  the 
woman's  consent  is  required  before  her 
union  with  a  suitor.  In  Australia  it  is 
never  required  or  expected.  The  transac- 
tion is  entirely  between  her  father  and 
the  man  who  desires  her  for  a  wife,  or, 
rather,  for  a  concubine.  She  is  ordered, 
perhaps,  to  take  up  her  household  bag, 
and  go  to  a  certain  man's  hut,  and  this 
may  be  the  first  notice  she  has  of  the 
marriage.  There  she  is  in  the  position  of 
a  slave  to  her  master.  If  she  be  obedient, 
toil  without  torture  is  her  mitigated  lot ; 
but  if  she  rebel,  the  club  is  employed  to 
enforce  submission.  She  is  her  husband's 
absolute  property.  He  may  give  her  away, 
exchange  her,  or  lend  her  as  he  pleases. 
Indeed,  old  men  will  sometimes  offer  their 
wives  to  friends,  or  as  a  mark  of  respect  to 
strangers  ;  and  the  offer  is  not  uncommonly 
accepted. 

Though  we  have  mentioned  three  ways 
of  obtaining  a  wife,  the  system  of  betrothal 
is  the  most  general.  Almost  every  female 
child  is  so  disposed  of  a  few  days  after  its 
birth.  From  that  moment  the  parents 
have  no  control  whatever  over  her  future 
settlement ;  she  is  in  fact  a  bought  slave. 


Should  her  betrothed  die  she  becomes  the 
property  of  his  heir.  Whatever  her  age 
she  may  be  taken  into  the  hut  ;  cohabita- 
tion often  commencing  while  the  girl  is 
not  twelve  years  old,  and  her  husband  only 
a  boy.  Three  days  after  her  first  hus- 
band's death  the  widow  goes  to  the  hut  of 
the  second. 

Some  restrictions,  however,  are  imposed 
on  the  intercourse  of  the  sexes.  Thus  all 
children  take  the  family  name  of  their 
mother,  and  a  man  may  not  marry  a  wo- 
man of  his  own  family  name.  Relations 
nearer  than  cousins  are  not  allowed  to 
marry,  and  an  alliance  even  within  this  de- 
gree is  very  rare.  The  Australians  have, 
iiideed,  a  horror  of  all  connections  with  the 
least  stigma  of  incest  upon  them,  and 
adjudge  the  punishment  of  death  to  such 
an  offence.  Their  laws,  which  are  matters 
not  of  enactment  but  of  custom,  are  ex- 
tremely severe  upon  this  and  all  other 
points  connected  with  their  women. 

Chastity,  nevertheless,  is  neither  highly 
appreciated  nor  often  practised.  It  is  far 
from  being  prized  by  the  women  as  a  jewel 
of  value  ;  on  the  contrary,  they  plot  for 
opportunities  to  yield  it  illicitly,  and  can 
scarcely  be  said  to  know  the  idea.  Pi  ofli- 
gacy  is  all  but  universal  among  them  ;  it 
is  a  characteristic  even  of  the  children. 
When  some  schools  were  formed  at  Perth, 
for  the  education  of  the  natives,  it  was 
found  absolutely  necessary  to  separate 
children  of  tender  years,  in  order  to  pre- 
vent scenes  of  vile  debauch  from  being 
enacted.  It  should  be  said,  however,  that 
though  indiscriminate  prostitution  among 
the  women,  and  depraved  sensuality  among 
the  men,  exist  in  the  most  savage  commu- 
nities, disease  and  vice  are  far  less  charac- 
teristic of  them  than  of  those  tribes  which 
have  come  in  contact  with  Europeans.  In 
all  the  colonial  towns  there  is  a  class  of 
native  women  following  the  calling  of 
prostitutes,  and  there  the  venereal  disease 
and  syphilis  are  most  deadly  and  widely 
prevalent.  The  former  appears  to  have 
been  brought  from  Europe,  and  makes 
terrible  havoc  among  them.  The  latter, 
ascribed  by  their  traditions  to  the  East, 
has  been  found  among  tribes  which  had 
apparently  never  held  intercourse  with  the 
whites  ;  in  such  cases,  however,  it  is  in  a 
milder  form. 

Several  causes  contribute  to  the  corrup- 
tion of  manners  among  these  savage  tribes. 
One  of  the  principal  is,  the  monopoly  of 
womeu  claimed  by  the  old  men.  The 
patriarchs  of  the  tribe,  contrive  to  secure 
all  tiie  young  girls,  leaving  to  their  more 
youthful    brethren    only  common    prosti- 


70 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tutcs,  prisoners  of  war,  and  such  women 
as  they  can  ravish  from  a  neighbouring 
community,  or  seduce  from  their  husbands' 
dwellings.  They  also  abandon  to  them 
their  own  wives  when  30  or  40  years  old, 
obtaining  in  exchange  the  little  girls  be- 
longing to  the  young  man's  family.  The 
youthful  warrior,  therefore,  with  a  number 
of  sisters,  can  usually  succeed  in  obtaining 
a  few  wives  by  barter.  That  their  personal 
attractions  are  faded  is  not  of  any  high 
importance  ;  since  they  are  needed  chietly 
to  render  him  independent  of  iabour.  His 
sensual  appetites  he  is  content  to  gratify, 
until  he  becomes  a  patriarch,  by  illicit 
intrigues  with  other  women  of  the  tribe. 
Of  these  there  are  generally  some  ready 
to  sell  or  give  awa.y  their  favours.  The 
wives,  especially  of  the  very  old  chiefs, 
look  anxiously  forward  to  the  death  of 
their  husbands,  when  they  hope,  in  the 
usual  course  of  inheritance,  to  be  trans- 
ferred to  the  hut  of  a  younger  man  ;  for, 
among  nations  in  this  debased  state,  it  is 
not  the  woman  that  is  prized,  but  a  woman. 
Personal  attachment  is  rare.  The  husband 
whose  wife  has  been  ravished  away  by  a 
warrior  from  a  neighbouring  tribe  may  be- 
pacified  by  being  presented  with  another 
companion.  Even  in  Australia  Felix, 
which  is  peopled  by  the  must  intelligent, 
industrious,  and  manly  of  the  Australian 
race,  the  young  man  ijisappointsd  of  a 
wife  in  his  own  tribe  sets  off  to  another, 
waylays  some  woman,  asks  her  to  elope 
with  him,  and,  on  her  refusal,  stuns  her 
with  his  club,  and  drags  her  away  in 
triumph.  Marriage,  indeed,  appears  too 
dignified  a  term  to  apply  to  this  system  of 
concubinage  and  servitude  which  in  Au- 
stralia goes  under  that  name.  Travellers 
have  found  in  the  far  interior  happy  fami- 
lies of  man  and  wife,  roaming  together,  v/ith 
common  interests,  and  united  by  affection; 
but  such  instances  are  rare. 

A  large  proportion  of  the  young  men  in 
Australia  can  by  no  means  obtain  wives. 
This  arises  from  the  numerical  disparity 
between  the  sexes,  v/hich  is  almost  uni- 
versal in  that  region,  and  is  chiefly  attri- 
butable to  the  practice  of  infanticide. 
Child-killing  is  indeed  among  the  social 
institutions  of  that  poor  and  barbarous 
race.  Women  have  been  known  to  kill 
and  eat  their  offspring,  and  men  to  swing 
them  by  the  logs  and  dash  out  their  brains 
against  a  tree.  The  custom  is  becoming 
rare  among  those  tribes  in  constant  inter- 
course with  Europeans,  but  that  inter- 
course itself  has  caused  much  of  the  evil. 
Half-castes,  or  the  offspring  of  native 
women   by  European   fathers,   are   almost 


invariably  sacrificed.  They  are  held  in 
dread  l>y  the  people,  who  fear  the  growth 
of  a  mixed  race  which  may  one  day  con- 
q\ier  or  destroy  them.  Females,  also,  are 
killed  in  great  numbers.  This  class  of 
infanticide  is  regulated  by  various  circum- 
stances in  different  communities.  Among 
some  tribes  all  the  girls  are  destroyed  until 
a  boy  is  born  ;  in  others,  the  firstborn  is 
exposed ;  in  others,  all  above  a  certain 
numl)er  perish;  but  everywhere  the  custom 
prevails.  One  of  two  twins — a  rare  birth — ■ 
is  almost  always  killed.  It  may  be  ascribed 
to  the  miserably  poor  condition  of  the 
people,  and  the  degraded  state  of  the 
female  sex ;  for  in  a  region  where  the 
aborigines  have  not  yet  learned  to  till  the 
soil,  and  where  the  means  of  life  are 
scanty,  there  will  always  be  an  inducement 
to  check  the  growth  of  numbers  by  infan- 
ticide ;  and  where  women  have  to  perform 
all  the  labour,  and  follow  their  husbands 
in  long  marches  or  campaigns,  ministering 
to  every  want  they  may  experience,  the 
trouble  of  nursing  an  infant  is  often  saved 
at  the  cost  of  the  infant's  life.  Neglect  also 
effects  the  same  purpose. 

The  population,  under  these  circum- 
stances, has  always  been  thin,  and  is  appa- 
rently decreasing.  Among  421  persons 
belonging  to  various  tribes  in  Australia 
Felix,  Eyre  remarked  that  there  were  in 
the  course  of  t\vo  years  and  a  half  only  ten 
children  reared.  In  other  places  one  child 
to  every  six  women  was  not  an  unusual 
average.  This,  however,  is  not  all  to  be 
ascribed  to  infanticide.  Many  of  the  fe- 
males abandon  themselves  so  reckles>ly  to 
vice  that  they  lose  all  their  natural  powers, 
and  become  incapable  of  bearing  offspring. 
Eyre  found  in  other  parts  of  Australia  that 
the  average  of  births  was  four  to  every 
woman.  In  New  South  Wales  the  proj)or- 
tion  of  women  to  men  appears  to  be  as  two 
to  three  ;  while  in  the  interior,  Sturt  cal- 
culated that  female  children  outnumbered 
the  male,  while  with  adults  the  reverse 
was  true.  This  indicates  an  awful  spread 
of  the  practice  of  infanticide,  which  v/e 
cannot  refuse  to  believe  when  we  remember 
the  facts  which  travellers  of  undeniable 
integrity  have  made  known  to  us. 

To  suppose  from  this  that  in  Australia 
the  natural  sentiments  of  humanity  are 
unknown,  would  be  extremely  rash.  On 
the  contrary,  we  find  very  much  that  is 
beautiful  in  the  character  of  its  wild 
]^eo))le,  and  are  led  to  believe  that  civiliza- 
tion may  go  far  towards  elevating  them 
from  all  their  barbarous  customs.  Women 
are  known  to  bear  about  their  necks,  as 
relics  sacred  to  alFection,  the  bones  of  their 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


71 


chilrlren,  whom  they  have  mourned  for 
years  with  a  pure  and  deep  sorrow.  Men 
have  loved  and  respected  their  wives  ; 
maidens  have  prized  and  guarded  their 
virtue  ;  but  it  is  too  true  that  these  are 
exceptions,  and  that  the  character  and  the 
condition  of  the  female  sex  in  Australia  is 
that  of  detasement  and  immorality. 

With  respect  to  the  prostitute  class  of 
the  colonial  towns,  to  which  allusion  has 
been  made,  it  will  be  noticed  in  another 
part  of  this  inquiry,  when  we  examine  into 
the  manners  of  English  and  other  settlers 
abroad. 

Of  prostitutes  as  a  class  among  the 
natives  themselves,  it  is  impossible  to 
speak  separately  ;  for  prostitution  of  that 
kind  implies  some  advance  towards  the 
forms  of  regular  society,  and  little  of  this 
appears  yet  to  be  made  in  that  region. 
From  the  sketch  we  have  given,  however, 
a  general  idea  may  be  gained  of  the  state 
of  women  and  the  estimation  of  virtue 
among  a  race  second  only  to  the  lowest 
tribes  x)f  Africa  in  barbarity  and  degrada- 
tion^. 

Of  PROSTiTUTioisr  in  New  Zealand. 

In  the  New  Zealand  group  we  find  a  race 
considerably  elevated  above  the  other  in- 
habitants of  Australasia,  with  a  species  of 
native  civilization — a  system  of  art,  indus- 
try, and  manners.  Perhaps  the  savage  of 
New  Holland  is  one  of  the  most  miserable, 
and  the  New  Zealander  one  of  the  most 
elevated,  barbarians  in  the  world.  By  this 
we  do  not  mean  that  he  has  made  any 
progress  in  refinement,  or  been  subdued  by 
the  amiable  amenities  of  life  ;  but  he  is 
quick,  intelligent,  apt  to  learn,  swift  to 
imitate,  and  docile  in  the  school  of  civiliza- 
tion. The  Maories,  in  their  original  state, 
are  low  and  brutal;  but  they  are  easily 
raised  from  that  condition.  They  have 
exhibited  a  capacity  for  the  reception  of 
knowledge,  and  a  desire  to  adopt  what 
they  are  taught  to  admire — v.hich  encou- 
rage strong  hopes  of  their  reclamation. 
Among  them,  however,  vice  was,  until  re- 
cently, almost  universal,  and  at  the  present 

*  See  Sturt's  Two  Expeditions,  and  Sturt's 
Expedition  to  Central  Australia  ;  Westgarth's 
Australia  Felix  :  Leichardt's  Expeditions  ;  Hodg- 
son's Australian  Settlements;  Haydon's  xVustralia 
Felix  ;  Stoke's  Discoveries  ;  Angus'  Savage  Life 
and  Scenes  ;  Sir  George  Grey's  Journals;  Eyre's 
Expedition  ;  Pridden's  History  ;  Earl,  Mackenzie, 
Mitchell,  Howitt,  Mudie,  Macconochie,  Oxley, 
Henderson,  Cunningham,  with  the  other  travellers 
and  residents,  almost  innumerable,  who  have 
described  the  aborigines  of  Australia. 


day  it  is  so,  with  the  exception  of  a  few 
tribes  brought  directly  under  the  influence 
of  educated  and  moral  European  commu- 
nities. The  only  class  which  has  discarded 
the  most  systematic  immorality  is  that 
which  has  reconciled  itself  to  the  Christian 
religion,  or  been  persuaded  to  follow  the 
manners  of  the  white  men.  The  unre- 
claimed tribes  present  a  spectacle  of  licen- 
tiousness which  distinguishes  them  even 
among  barbarous  nations. 

They  show,  indeed,  an  advance  in  profli- 
gacy. Their  immorality  is  upon  a  plan, 
and  recognised  in  that  unwritten  social 
lav\^  which  among  barbarians  remedies  the 
want  of  a  written  code.  It  is  not  the 
beastly  lust  of  the  savage,  who  appears 
merely  obedient  to  an  animal  instinct, 
against  w^hich  there  is  no  principle  of 
morals  or  sentiment  of  decency  to  contend ; 
— it  is  the  appetite  of  the  sensualist,  delibe- 
rately gratified,  and  by  means  similar,  in 
many  respects,  to  those  adopted  among  the 
lowest  classes  in  Europe.  V/e  may,  indeed, 
compare  the  Maori  village,  unsubjected  to 
missionary  influence,  with  some  of  the 
hamlets  in  our  rural  provinces,  where 
moral  education  of  every  kind  is  equally 
an  exile. 

The  New  Zealanders  have  been  divided 
into  the  descendants  of  tvfo  races,  the  one 
inferior  to  the  other ;  and  the  Malay  has 
been  taken  as  the  superior.  Ethnologists 
may  prove  a  dilFerence  between  them,  and 
trace  it  through  their  manners ;  but  these 
distinctions  of  race  are  not  sufficiently 
marked  to  require  separate  investigations. 
The  social  institutions  of  the  islanders  are 
very  generally  the  same,  with  some  unim- 
portant variations  among  the  several  tribes. 
We  are  placed  in  this  peculiar  difficulty 
when  inquiring  into  the  manners  of  New 
Zealand — that  they  appear  to  have  under- 
gone considerable  modification  since,  and 
in  consequence  of,  the  arrival  of  Europeans. 
The  natives  refer  to  this  change  them- 
selves, and  in  some  cases  charge  the  whites 
Vv'ith  introducing  various  evils  into  their 
country.  Undoubtedly  this  is  as  true  of 
New  Zealand  as  of  every  other  portion  of 
the  globe  whither  men  have  carried  from 
Christendom  the  vices  as  well  as  the  ad- 
vantages of  civilization.  But  in  speaking 
of  European  settlers,  a  broad  distinction 
must  be  borne  in  mind.  White  is  not 
more  contrasted  Avith  black,  than  are  the 
regular  orderly  colonies  established  under 
the  authority  of  Great  Britain  with  the 
irregular  scattered  settlements  planted  by 
whalers,  runaway  or  released  convicts, 
,land  speculators,  and  other  adventurers 
before  the  formal  hoistina:  of  our  flaa:.    The 


72 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


influence  of  the  one  has  been  to  enlighten 
and  to  elevate,  of  the  other  to  debase  and 
demoralize,  the  native  population.  Gam- 
bling, drinking,  and  prostitution  were  en- 
couraged or  introduced  by  the  one,  Chris- 
tianity, order,  and  morality  are  spreading 
through  the  exertions  of  the  other ;  and  it 
is,  therefore,  unjust  to  confound  them  in 
one  general  panegyric  or  condemnation. 
Nor  shall  we  include  all  the  unrecognised 
settlements  in  this  description.  Many  of 
the  hardy  whalers  and  others  have  taken 
to  themselves  Maori  wives,  who,  sober, 
thrifty,  and  industrious,  submit  without 
complaining  to  rough  usage  and  hard  work, 
and  are  animated  by  a  deep  affection  for 
their  husbands.  Contented  with  a  calico 
gown  and  blanket,  an  occasional  pipe  of 
tobacco,  and  a  very  frugal  life,  they  cost 
little  to  support,  and  appear  for  the  most 
part  not  only  willing  but  cheerful. 

The  female  sex  throughout  New  Zealand 
is  not  in  such  complete  subjection  to  the 
male  as  in  New  Holland.  With  the  right 
they  have  acquired  the  power  to  resist  any 
unnatural  encroachment  upon  their  liber- 
ties, though  still  in  a  state  of  comparative 
bondage.  They  are  influential  in  society, 
and  whenever  this  is  the  case  they  enjoy, 
more  or  less,  remission  of  oppression.  We 
find  them  declaiming  at  public  meetings  of 
the  people,  and  fiercely  denouncing  the 
warriors  who  may  be  dishonourably  averse 
to  war,  or  have  behaved  ignominiously  in 
the  field.  By  influencing  their  friends  and 
relatives  they  often  secure  to  themselves 
revenge  for  an  injury,  and  thus  security 
against  the  same  in  future.  In  various 
other  ways  their  position  is  defended 
against  utter  abasement.  They  are  not 
regarded  merely  as  subservient  to  the  lust 
and  indolence  of  the  male  sex.  When 
dead  they  are  buried  with  ceremony  ac- 
cording to  the  husband's  rank,  and  formal 
rites  of  mourning  are  observed  for  them. 
In  public  and  in  domestic  affairs  their 
opinions  are  consulted,  and  often  their 
hands  are  obtained  in  marriage  by  the 
most  humble  supplication,  or  the  most 
difiicul  course  of  persuasion,  by  the  lover. 
All  this  is  evidence  of  a  higher  state  than 
that  which  is  occupied  by  females  either 
in  Africa  or  New  Holland. 

Polygamy  is  permitted  and  practised  by 
those  who  can  afford  it.  In  reality,  how- 
ever, the  man  has  but  one  wife  and  a 
number  of  concubines,  for  though  the 
second  and  third  may  be  ceremoniously 
wedded  to  him,  they  are  in  subjection  to 
the  first,  and  his  intercourse  with  them  is 
frequently  checked  by  her.  She  is  para- 
mount and  all  but  supreme,  though  a  man 


of  determination  will  sometimes  divorce 
his  first  wife  to  punish  her  contumelious 
behaviour  to  his  second. 

It  is  customary  for  a  man  to  marry  two 
or  more  sisters,  the  eldest  being  recognised 
as  the  chief  or  head  of  the  family.  They 
all  eat  with  the  men,  accompanying  them, 
as  well  as  their  lovers  and  relations,  before 
marriage,  on  their  war  expeditions  or  to 
their  feasts.  Betrothal  takes  place  at  a 
very  early  age — often  conditionally  before 
birth.  Thus  two  brothers  or  two  friends 
will  agree  that  if  their  first  children  prove 
respectively  a  boy  and  a  girl,  they  shall  be 
married.  When  it  is  not  settled  so  early, 
it  is  arranged  during  infancy,  or  at  least 
childhood — for  a  girl  of  sixteen  without  an 
accepted  lover  is  regarded  as  having  out- 
lived her  attractions  and  all  chance  of  an 
alliance.  The  betrothal  is  usually  the  oc- 
casion of  a  great  feast,  where  wishes  for 
the  good  success  and  welfare  of  the  young 
couple  are  proclaimed  by  a  company  of 
friends.  Three  varieties  of  marriage  for- 
mality are  observed — differing  as  the  girl 
is  wanted  to  fill  the  place  of  first,  second, 
third,  or  fourth  wife.  The  first  is  a  regular 
ceremony,  the  second  less  formal,  and  the 
last,  which  is  merely  conventional,  is  when 
a  slave  is  raised  from  servitude  to  the 
marital  embrace.  The  highest  is  that  in 
which  the  priest  pronounces  a  benediction, 
and  a  hope,  not  a  prayer,  for  the  prosperity 
of  the  married  couple.  The  rest,  which  is 
the  most  approved  and  common,  is  for  the 
man  to  conduct  his  betrothed  to  his  hut, 
and  she  is  thenceforward  mistress  of  the 
place.  Unless  she  be  divorced,  no  one  can 
take  away  her  power,  and  no  inferior  wife 
can  divide  it.  When  they  have  entered 
the  dwelling  a  party  of  friends  surround 
it,  make  an  attack,  force  their  way,  strip 
the  newly-married  pair  nearly  naked,  plun- 
der all  they  can  find,  and  retire.  By  taking 
a  woman  to  his  house  a  man  makes  her  his 
wife,  or  virtually,  except  in  the  case  of  the 
first,  his  concubine.  When  he  merely 
desires  to  cohabit  with  one,  without  being 
formally  united  to  her,  he  visits  her  habi- 
tation. 

Though  polygamy  or  concubinage  has 
been  practised  in  New  Zealand  from  imme- 
morial time,  jealousy  still  burns  among 
the  wives  as  fiercely  as  in  any  Christian 
country  where  the  institution  is  forbidden 
l)y  the  social  law.  It  is  the  cause  of  bitter 
domestic  feuds.  The  household,  with  a 
plurality  of  women,  is  rarely  at  peace.  It 
is  universally  known  to  what  an  extent  the 
jealousy  of  the  Dutch  women  in  Batavia 
carried  them  when  their  husbands  in- 
dulged in  the  practice — common  in  Dutch 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


73 


settlements  —  of  keeping  female  slaves. 
They  watched  their  opportunity,  and  when 
it  occurred  would  carry  a  poor  girl  into 
the  woods,  strip  her  entirely  naked,  smear 
her  person  all  over  with  honey,  and  leave 
her  to  be  tortured  by  the  attacks  of  insects 
and  vermin.  A  similar  spirit  of  ferocious 
jealousy  is  characteristic  of  the  women  in 
JSTew  Zealand.  The  inferior  wives  conse- 
quently lead  a  miserable  life,  subjected  to 
the  severest  tyranny  from  the  chief,  who 
makes  them  her  handmaids,  and  sometimes 
terrifies  her  husband  from  marital  inter- 
course with  them.  She  exposes  them  to 
perpetual  danger  by  endeavouring  to  insi- 
nuate into  his  mind  suspicions  of  their 
fidelity,  and  thus  the  household  is  rendered 
miserable.  When  a  man  takes  a  journey 
he  is  usually  accompanied  by  one  of  his 
wives,  or,  if  he  goes  alone,  will  bring  one 
back  with  him.  Hence  arise  bitter  heart- 
burnings and  quarrels.  Occasionally  the}^ 
lead  to  the  death  of  one  among  the  dis- 
putants, and  frequently  to  infanticide. 

So  furious  are  the  passions  of  the  women 
when  their  jealousy  is  excited  against  their 
younger  rivals,  that  many  of  the  chiefs  in 
New  Zealand  fear  to  enjoy  the  privilege 
allowed  them  by  their  social  law.  When 
they  resolve  upon  it^  they  often  proceed 
with  a  caution  very  amusing  to  contem- 
plate. More  than  one  anecdote  in  illustra- 
tion of  this  is  related  in  the  works  of 
recent  travellers.  A  man  having  a  first 
wife  of  bad  temper  and  faded  beauty, 
whom  he  fears,  nevertheless,  to  ofiend  alto- 
gether, is  attracted  by  some  young  girl  of 
superior  charms,  and  ofiers  to  take  her 
home;  she  accepts,  and  the  husband  pre- 
pares to  execute  his  design.  It  is  often 
long  before  he  acquires  courage  to  inform 
his  wife,  and  only  by  the  most  skilful 
mixture  of  persuasion,  management,  and 
threats,  that  she  is  ever  brought  to  con- 
sent. Women  captured  in  battle,  however, 
may  be  made  slaves,  or  taken  at  once  to 
their  captor's  bed.  Thus  raised  from  ac- 
tual slavery,  their  condition  is  little  im- 
proved. The  tyranny  of  the  chief  wife  is 
exercised  to  oppress,  insult,  and  irritate 
them.  Should  one  of  them  prove  preg- 
nant, her  mistress — especially  if  herself 
barren — will  often  exert  the  most  abomi- 
nable arts  to  ensure  her  miscarriage,  that 
the  husband  may  be  disappointed  of  his 
child,  and  the  concubine  of  his  favour 
which  would  thence  accrue  to  her. 

Divorces,  according  to  the  testimony  of 
most  writers,  are  not  uufrequent  in' New 
Zealand.  Among  the  ordinary  causes  are, 
mere  decline  of  conjugal  afiection,  barren- 
ness in  the  wife,  and  a  multiplication  of 


j  concubines.  A  stepmother  ill-treating  the 
children,  or  a  mother  wantonly  killing  one 
of  them,  is  liable  to  divorce.  The  latter  is 
not  an  useless  precaution,  for  jealous  wives 
have  been  known  in  cold  blood  to  murder  an 
infant,  merely  to  revenge  themselves  upon 
their  husbands,  or  irritate  them  into  divorce. 
A  woman  extravagantly  squandering  the 
common  property,  idling  her  time,  play- 
ing the  coquette,  becoming  suspected  of 
infidelity,  or  refusing  to  admit  a  new  wife 
into  the  house,  is  sometimes  put  away. 
This  is  efiected  by  expelling  her  from  the 
house.  When  it  is  she  who  seeks  it,  she 
flies  to  her  relatives  or  friends.  Should  the 
husband  be  content  with  his  loss,  both  are 
at  liberty  to  marry  ;  but  if  he  desire  to 
regain  her,  he  seeks  to  coax  her  back,  and, 
failing  in  that,  employs  force.  She  is 
compelled  to  submit  unless  her  parents  are 
powerful  enough  to  defend  her — for  in 
New  Zealand  arms  are  the  arbiters  of  law. 
When  the  desire  to  separate  is  mutual,  it 
is  effected  by  agreement,  which  is  a  com- 
plete release  to  both.  If  the  husband 
insist  on  taking  away  the  children,  he  may, 
but  he  is  forbidden,  on  pain  of  severe 
punishment,  from  annoying  his  former  wife 
any  further. 

There  is  among  the  New  Zealanders  a 
rite  known  as  Tapu,  and  the  person  per- 
forming it  is  sacred  against  the  touch  of 
another.  While  in  this  condition  no  con- 
tact is  allowed  with  any  person  or  thing. 
There  are,  however,  comparative  forms  of 
Tapu.  Thus  a  woman,  in  the  matter  of 
sexual  intercourse,  is  tapu  to  all  but  her 
husband,  and  adultery  is  severely  punished. 
Formerly  the  irrevocable  remedy  was  death, 
and  this  may  still  be  inflicted ;  but  jealousy 
is  seldom  strong  in  the  New  Zealand  hus- 
band, who  often  contents  himself  with 
receiving  a  heavy  fine  from  his  enemy. 
The  crime  is  always  infamous,  but  not  in- 
expiable. The  husband  occasionally,  when 
his  wife  has  been  guilty,  takes  her  out  of 
the  house,  strips  her,  and  exposes  her 
entirely  naked,  then  receiving  her  back 
with  forgiveness.  The  paramour  usually 
attempts  to  fly.  If  he  be  not  put  to  death, 
he  also  is  sometimes  subjected  to  a  similar 
disgrace.  When  a  wife  discovers  any  girl 
carrying  on  a  secret  and  illicit  connection 
with  her  husband,  a  favourite  mode  of 
revenge  is,  to  strip  and  expose  her  in  this 
manner.  For,  in  New  Zealand,  libidinous 
as  the  conduct  of  the  people  may  be,  their 
outward  behaviour  is,  on  the  whole,  deco- 
rous. They  indulge  in  few  indecencies  be- 
fore a  third  person.  The  exposure  of  the 
person  is  one  of  the  most  terrible  punish- 
ments which  can  be  inflicted.     A  woman 


74 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


has  lianged  herself  on  its  being  said  that 
she  has  been  seen  naked.  One  girl  at 
Karawanga,  on  the  river  Thames,  charged 
with  this  offence,  was  hung  up  by  the 
heels  and  ignominiously  flogged  before  all 
the  tribe.  Shame  drove  her  mad,  and  she 
shot  herself.  They  are  otherwise  obscene, 
and  the  children  are  adepts  in  indecency 
and  immorality.  One  strong  characteristic 
of  their  rude  attempts  at  art  is  the  ob- 
scenity in  their  paintings  and  carvings. 
In  those  singular  specimens  which  crowd 
the  rocks  of  Depuch  Island,  on  the  coast  of 
New  Holland,  not  a  trace  of  this  grossness 
is  visible. 

One  of  the  most  melancholy  features  in 
the  manners  of  this  barbarous  race,  is  the 
prevalence  of  infanticide.  The  Christian 
converts,  as  well  as  some  of  the  natives 
who  hold  frequent  intercourse  with  the 
more  respectahle  Europeans,  have  aban- 
doned it,  as  well  as  polygamy ;  but,  with 
these  exceptions,  it  is  general  through- 
out the  thinly-scattered  population  of 
New  Zealand.  It  almost  always  takes 
place  immediately  after  birth,  before  the 
sentiment  of  maternal  affection  grows 
strong  in  the  mother's  breast.  After  keep- 
ing a  child  a  little  while  they  seldom, 
except  under  the  influence  of  frenzy,  de- 
stroy it.  As  they  have  said  to  travellers, 
they  do  not  look  on  them,  lest  they  should 
love  them.  The  weakly  or  deformed  are 
always  slain.  The  victim  is  sometimes 
buried  alive,  sometimes  killed  by  violent 
compression  of  its  head.  This  practice 
has  contributed  greatly  to  keep  the  popu- 
lation down.  It  is  openly  and  unblush- 
ingly  pursued,  the  principal  victims  being 
the  females.  The  chief  reasons  for  it  are 
usually — ^revenge  in  the  woman  against 
her  husband's  neglect,  poverty,  dread  of 
shame,  and  superstition.  One  of  the  most 
common  causes  is  the  wife's  belief  that 
her  husband  cares  no  longer  for  his  ofi- 
spring.  The  priests,  whose  low  cunning  is 
as  characteristic  of  the  class  in  those 
islands  as  elsewhere,  frequently  demand  a 
victim  for  an  oblation  of  blood  to  the  spirit 
of  evil,  and  never  fail  to  extort  the  sacri- 
fice from  some  poor  ignorant  mother.  An- 
other injurious  and  unnatural  practice  is, 
that  of  checking  or  neutralizing  the  opera- 
tions of  nature  by  procuring  abortion. 

Tyrone  Power,  in  his  observations  on  the 
immorality  prevalent  in  New  Zealand, 
remarks  that  some  of  the  young  girls, 
betrothed  from  an  early  age,  are  tapu,  and 
thus  preserved  chaste.  He  regrets  that 
this  superstition  is  not  more  influential, 
since  it  would  check  the  system  of  almost 
universal  and  indiscriminate  prostitution, 


which  prevails  among  those  not  subject  to 
this  rite.  Except  when  the  woman  is  tapu, 
her  profligacy  is  neither  punished  nor  cen- 
sured. Fathers,  mothers,  and  brothers  v/ill, 
without  a  blush,  give,  sell,  or  lend  on  hire, 
the  persons  of  their  female  relatives.  The 
women  themselves  willingly  acknowledge 
the  bargain,  and  Mr.  Power  declares  the 
most  modest  of  them  will  succumb  to  a 
liberal  ofier  of  money.  Nor  is  anything 
else  to  be  expected,  in  any  general  degree. 
The  children  are  educated  to  obscenity 
and  vice.  Their  intercourse  is  scarcely 
restrained,  and  the  early  age  at  which  it 
takes  place  has  proved  physically  injurious 
to  the  race.  Even  those  who  are  betrothed 
in  infancy  and  rendered  tapu  to  each 
other,  commence  cohabitation  before  they 
have  emerged,  according  to  English  ideas, 
from  childhood.  Except  in  the  case  of 
those  couples  thus  pledged  before  they  can 
make  a  choice  of  their  ov/n,  the  laws  which 
in  New  Zealand  regulate  the  intercourse  of 
the  sexes  with  regard  to  preparations  for 
marriage,  approach  in  spirit  to  our  own.  A 
man  desiring  to  take  as  wife  a  woman  who  is 
bound  by  no  betrothmcnt  has  to  court  her, 
and  sometimes  does  so  with  supplication. 
The  girls  exhibit  great  coyness  of  manner, 
Jind  are  particular  in  hiding  their  faces 
from  the  stranger's  eye.  When  they  bathe 
it  is  in  a  secluded  spot ;  but  they  exercise 
all  the  arts  which  attract  the  opposite  sex. 
When  one  or  two  suitors  woo  an  independ- 
ent woman,  the  choice  is  naturally  given 
to  the  wealthiest  ;  but  should  she  decline 
to  fix  her  preference  on  either,  a  desperate 
feud  occurs,  and  she  is  won  by  force  of 
arms.  Sometimes  a  young  girl  is  seized 
by  two  rivals,  who  pull  on  either  side  until 
her  arms  are  loosened  in  the  sockets,  and 
one  gives  way. 

Perhaps,  under  these  circumstances,  the 
system  of  betrothal  is  productive  of  useful 
results,  since  it  prevents  the  feuds  and 
conflicts  which  might  otherwise  spring 
fro)n  the  rivalry  of  suitors.  The  girl  thus 
bound  must  submit  to  marriage  with  the 
man,  whatever  may  be  her  indifference  or 
aversion  to  him.  Occasionally,  indeed, 
some  more  youthful,  or  otherwise  attrac- 
tive, lover  gains  her  consent  to  an  elope- 
ment. If  caught,  however,  both  of  the 
culprits  are  severely  whipped.  Should  the 
young  suitor  be  of  poor  and  mean  condi- 
tion, he  runs  the  chance  of  being  robbed 
and  murdered  for  his  audacity.  When,  on 
tlic  contrary,  a  powerful  chief  is  desirous 
of  obtaining  a  maiden  who  is  betrothed,  he 
has  little  difficulty  in  effecting  his  object, 
for  in  New  Zealand  the  liberty  of  the  indi- 
vidual is  proportionate  to  his  strength.     It 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


is  a  feudal  system,  where  the  strong  may 
evade  the  regulations  of  the  social  law, 
and  the  weak  must  submit.  Justice,  how- 
ever, to  the  missionaries  in  those  islands 
requires  us  to  add,  that  in  the  districts 
where  their  influence  is  strong,  a  beneficial 
change  in  this,  as  in  other  respects,  has 
been  produced  upon  the  people.  They 
acknowledge  more  readily  the  supremacy 
of  law  ;  they  prefer  a  judicial  tribunal  to 
the  trial  of  arms;  they  restrain  their 
animal  passions  in  obedience  to  the  moral 
code  which  has  been  exhibited  to  them; 
and  many  old  polygamists  have  put  away 
all  their  wives  but  one,  contented  to  live 
faithfully  with  her. 

Among  the  heathen  population  chastity 
is  not  viewed  in  the  same  light  as  with  us. 
It  not  so  much  required  from  the  ivoman  as 
from  the  ivife,  from  the  yoimff  girl  as  from 
the  betrothed  maiden.  In  fact,  it  signifies 
little  more  than  faithful  conduct  in  mar- 
riage, not  for  the  sake  of  honour  or  virtue, 
but  for  that  of  the  husband.  With  such  a 
social  theory,  we  can  expect  no  general 
refinement  in  morality.  Indeed,  the  term 
is  not  translatable  into  the  language  of  Ney/ 
Zealand.  Modesty  is  a  fashion,  not  a  senti- 
ment, with  them.  The  woman  who  would 
retire  from,  the  stranger's  gaze  may,  pre- 
vious to  marriage  or  betrothal,  intrigue 
with  any  man  without  incurring  an  infa- 
mous reputation.  Prostitution  is  not  only 
a  common  but  a  recognised  thing.  Men 
care  little  to  receive  virgins  into  their' huts 
as  v/ives.  Husbands  have  boasted  that 
their  wives  had  been  the  concubines  of 
Europeans ;  and  one  declared  to  Polack 
that  he  was  married  to  a  woman  who  had 
regularly  followed  the  calling  of  a  prosti- 
tute among  the  crews  of  ships  in  the  har- 
bour. This  he  mentioned  with  no  inconsi- 
derable pride,  as  a  proof  of  the  beauty  of 
the  prize  he  had  carried  away. 

Formerly  many  of  the  chiefs  dwelling 
on  the  coast  were  known  to  derive  a  part 
of  their  revenue  from  the  prostitution  of 
young  females.  It  was,  indeed,  convertv'^d 
into  a  regular  trade,  and  to  a  great  extent 
with  the  European  ships  visiting  the  group. 
The  handsomest  and  plumpest  women  in  the 
villages  were  chosen,  and  bartered  for  certain 
sums  of  money  or  articles  of  merchandise, 
some  for  a  louger,  some  for  a  shorter  period. 
The  practice  is  now,  if  not  abolished,  at 
least  held  in  great  reprobation,  as  the 
foLowing  anecdote  will  show.  It  exhibits 
the  depraved  manners  of  the  people  in  a 
striking  light,  and  is  an  illustration  of  that 
want  of  affection  between  married  people 
which  has  been  remarked  as  a  character- 
istic of  the  New  Zealanders.    A  chief  from 


Wallatani,  in  the  Bay  of  Plenty,  went  on 
an  excursion  to  the  Bay  of  Islands,^  and 
was  accompanied  by  his  wife  and  her  i>ister. 
There  he  met  a  chief  of  the  neighbourhood, 
who  possessed  some  merchandise  which  he 
coveted.  He  at  once  offered  to  barter  the 
chastity  of  his  wife  for  the  goods,  and  the 
proposal  was  accepted.  The  woman  tdd 
her  sister  of  the  transaction,  and  she  di- 
vulged the  secret.  So  much  reproach  was 
brought  upon  the  chief  among  his  people, 
that  he  shot  his  wife's  sister  to  punish  her 
incontinent  tongue. 

Jerningham  Wakefield  describes  the  ar- 
rival of  the  whalers  in  port.  He  mentions 
as  one  of  the  most  important  transactions 
following  this  event,  the  providing  of  the 
company  with  "  wives  for  the  season." 
Some  had  their  regular  helpmates,  but 
others  were  forced  to  hire  women.  Bar- 
gains were  formally  struck,  and  when  a 
woman  failed  to  give  satisfaction,  she  was 
exchanged  for  another.  She  was  at  once 
the  slave  and  the  companion  of  her  master. 
This  is  neither  more  nor  less  than  a  regular 
system  of  prostitution  ;  but  it  is  gradually 
going  out  of  fashion,  and  is  only  carried  <m 
in  a  clandestine  manner  in  the  colonies 
properly  so  called.  Indeed  this  is,  unfor- 
tunately, one  of  the  chief  products  of  im])er- 
fect  civilization — that  vice,  which  before 
was  open,  is  driven  into  the  dark;  it  is 
not  extirpated,  but  is  concealed.  A  man 
offered  his  wife  to  the  traveller  Earl,  and 
the  woman  was  by  no  means  loth  to  prosti- 
tute herself  for  a  donation.  Barbarians 
readily  acquire  the  modes  of  vice  practised 
by  Europeans.  In  the  criminal  calendar 
of  Wellington  for  1846,  we  find  one  native 
convicted  and  punished  for  keeping  a 
house  of  ill-fame. 

Extraordinary  as  it  may  appear,  prosti- 
tution in  New  Zealand  has  tended  to  cure 
one  great  evil.  It  has  largely  checked  the 
practice  of  infanticide.  For,  as  the  female 
children  were  usually  destroyed,  it  was  on 
the  supposition  that,  instead  of  being  va- 
luable, they  would  be  burdensome  to  their 
parents.  This  continued  to  be  the  case 
until  the  discovery  was  made  that  by  pros- 
tituting the  young  girls  considerable  profits 
might  hQ  made.  It  is  to  Europeans  that 
the  introduction  of  this  idea  is  chieHy 
owing.  The  females  were  then,  in  many 
cases,  carefully  reared,  and  brought  up  to 
this  dishonourable  calling  without  reluc- 
tance. No  difficulty  was  ever  experienced 
from  their  resistance,  as  they  wouH  pro- 
bably have  become  prostitutes  of  their  own 
free  will,  had  tliey  not  been  directed  to 
,  the  occupation.  Slavery,  which  has  from 
'  the  earliest  time  existed  in  New  Zealand, 


76 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


has  supplied  the  materials  of  prostitution, 
female  servants  being  consigned  to  it. 
When  possessed  of  any  attractions  they 
are  almost  invariably  debauched  by  their 
masters,  and  frequently  suffer  nameless 
punishments  from  the  jealous  head  wife. 
Concu})inage  does  not,  as  in  some  other 
countries,  release  a  woman  from  servitude, 
but  she  enjoys  a  privilege  which  is  denied 
to  the  chief  wife — she  may  marry  again 
after  her  master's  death. 

Formerly  the  general  custom,  however, 
was  for  a  wife  to  hang,  drown,  strangle,  or 
starve  herself  on  the  death  of  her  husband. 
Her  relatives  often  gave  her  a  rope  of  flax, 
with  which  she  retired  to  a  neighbouring 
tbicket  and  died.  It  was  not  a  peremptory 
obligation,  but  custom  viewed  it  as  almost 
a  sacred  duty.  Sometimes  three  of  the 
wives  destroyed  themselves,  but  generally 
one  victim  sufficed.  Self-immolation  is 
now,  indeed,  becoming  very  rare  ;  but  it  is 
still  the  practice  for  the  widow,  whether 
she  loved  her  husband  or  not,  to  lament 
him  with  loud  cries,  and  lacerate  her  flesh 
upon  his  tomb.  Whenever  she  marries 
again  a  priest  is  consulted  to  predict  whe- 
ther she  will  survive  the  second  husband 
or  not.  Occasionally  we  find  instances  of 
real  attachment  between  man  and  wife, 
such  as  would  sanctify  any  family  hearth ; 
while  examples  have  occurred  of  women 
hanging  themselves  for  sorrow,  on  the 
death  of  a  betrothed  lover. 

The<e,  however,  are  only  indications  that 
humanity  is  not  in  New  Zealand  univer- 
sally debased  below  the  brute  condition. 
The  general  colour  of  the  picture  is  dark. 
Women  are  degraded  ;  men  are  profligate  ; 
virtue  is  unknown  in  its  abstract  sense; 
chastity  is  rare ;  and  prostitution  a  charac- 
teristic of  female  society.  Fathers,  mo- 
thers, and  brothers — usually  the  guardians 
of  a  young  woman  —  prostitute  her  for 
gain,  and  the  women  themselves  delight  in 
this  vice.  There  is,  nevertheless,  some 
amelioration  observable  in  the  manners  of 
the  people,  produced  by  the  influence  of 
the  English  colonies.  Those  colonies  them- 
selves, however,  are  not  free  from  the  stain, 
as  will  be  shown  when  we  treat  of  commu- 
nities of  that  description  in  general*. 

Or  Prostitution  in  the  Islands  op  the 

Pacific, 
Among  the  innumerable  islands  which  are 
scattered  over  the  surface  of  the   Pacific, 

*  Tyrone  Power's  Pen  and  Pencil  Sketches; 
Angas's  Savage  Life  and  Scenes;  Handbook  of 
New  Zealand,  by  a  Magistrate  of  the  Colony  ; 
Dietfenbacli's  Travels;  Brown  on  the  Aborigines; 
Jerninghain  Wakefield ;  Earl's  Travels,  &c.,  &c. 


we  discover  various  phases  of  manners 
developed  under  different  influences.  In 
some  of  the  lonely  groups  lying  out  of 
the  usual  course  of  trade  or  travel,  com- 
nities  exist  whose  social  habits  remain 
entirely  pure — that  is,  unchanged  by  in- 
tercourse with  foreigners.  In  others  conti- 
nual communication  through  a  long  period, 
with  white  men,  has  wholly  changed  the 
characteristic  aspects  of  the  people — given 
them  a  new  religion,  a  new  moral  code, 
new  ideas  of  decency  and  virtue,  new  plea- 
sures, and  new  modes  of  life.  The  same 
process  appears  likely,  at  a  future  day,  to 
obliterate  the  ancient  system  of  things. 
In  all  the  islands  of  this  class,  indeed,  the 
reform  of  manners  is  not  so  thorough  as 
the  florid  accounts  of  the  missionaries 
would  induce  us  to  believe ;  but  those 
pioneers  of  civilization  have  done  enough, 
without  assuming  more  than  their  due,  to 
deserve  the  praise  of  all  Christendom.  To 
have  restrained  the  fiercest  passions  of 
human  nature  among  ignorant  and  wilful 
savages ;  to  have  converted  base  libidinous 
heathens  into  decent  Christians;  to  have 
checked  the  practice  of  polygamy ;  and  in 
many  places  to  have  extinguished  the 
crime  of  infanticide; — these  are  achieve- 
ments which  entitle  the  missionaries  to 
the  applause  and  respect  of  Europe ;  but 
it  is  no  disparagement  of  their  labours  to 
show,  where  it  is  true,  that  immense  things 
yet  remain  to  be  performed  before  the 
islanders  of  the  Pacific  are  raised  to  the 
ordinary  level  of  civilized  humanity. 

The  main  family  of  the  Pacific  —  the 
Society,  the  Friendly,  the  Sandwich,  the 
Navigators',  and  the  Marquesas  Islands — 
present  a  state  of  society  interesting  and 
curious.  Inhabiting  one  of  the  most  beau- 
tiful regions  on  the  face  of  the  earth,  with 
every  natural  advantage,  the  inhabitants 
of  those  groups  were  originally  among  the 
most  degraded  of  mankind.  Superior  to 
the  savage  hordes  of  Africa  and  the  wan- 
dering tribes  of  Australia,  they  are  in 
physical  and  intellectual  qualities  inferior 
to  the  natives  of  New  Zealand,  though 
excelling  them  in  simplicity  and  willing- 
ness to  learn. 

Tahiti  may  be  considered  the  capital  of 
Polynesia,  as  it  is  the  head  of  its  politics, 
trade,  and  general  civilization.  Before  the 
settlement  of  the  missionaries  and  the  in- 
troduction of  a  new  social  scheme,  its 
manners  were  barbarous  and  disgusting. 
The  condition  of  the  female  sex  corre- 
sponded to  this  order  of  things.  It  was 
humiliated  to  the  last  degree.  Most  of  the 
men,  by  a  sacred  rite,  were  rendered  too 
holy  for  any  intercourse  with  the  women 


"1 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


77 


except  such  as  was  pleasant  to  their  own 
lusts.  It  was  similar  to  the  tapu  of  the 
New  Zealanders,  but  was  not,  as  among 
them,  common  to  all.  It  was  an  exclusive 
privilege  of  the  males.  In  consequence  of 
this,  women  lived  in  a  condition  of  exile 
from  all  the  pleasures  of  life.  They  never 
sat  at  meals  with  their  husbands,  dared 
not  eat  the  flesh  of  pigs,  of  fowls,  of  cer- 
tain fish,  or  touch  the  utensils  used  by  the 
men.  They  never  entered  the  houses  of 
their  "  tabooed  "  lords,  dwelling  in  separate 
habitations,  which  these  might  enter  when 
they  chose.  Those  of  the  royal  blood, 
however,  were  excepted  from  the  action  of 
this  law.  They  might  mingle  with  the 
other  sex,  might  inherit  the  throne,  and 
enjoy  the  advantages  of  society.  With 
almost  all  others,  beggary,  toil,  and  degra- 
dation was  the  universal  lot. 

Marriage  under  such  circumstances  could 
not  be  looked  upon  as  a  sacred  tie,  or  even 
a  dignified  state.  It  was  held  to  serve  only 
the  purposes  of  nature  and  the  pleasures  of 
the  men.  With  all,  indeed,  except  the 
rich,  it  was  a  mere  unceremonious  bargain, 
in  which  the  woman  was  purchased,  though 
the  parents  usually  made  a  present  to  their 
son-in-law.  Among  the  nobler  orders  of 
society  there  was  a  little  more  parade, 
though  an  equal  absence  of  sanctity.  A 
person  with  a  beautiful  daughter  brought 
her  to  some  chief,  saying,  "  Here  is  a  wife 
for  you."  If  she  pleased  him  he  took  her 
from  her  father's  hands,  placed  her  under 
the  care  of  a  confidential  servant,  and  had 
her  fattened,  until  old  and  plump  enough 
for  marriage.  All  her  friends  assembled 
with  his  at  the  temple,  and  proceeded  to 
the  altar.  The  bride,  with  a  rope  hanging 
about  her  neck,  was  accompanied  by  a 
man  bearing  a  bunch  of  the  fragrant  fern. 
Prayers  were  muttered,  and  blessing  in- 
voked upon  the  union.  Then  the  names  of 
their  ancestors  were  whispered,  and  at 
each  one  of  the  leaves  was  torn.  The  near- 
est kinsman  of  the  woman  next  loosened 
the  rope  from  about  her  neck,  and  delivered 
her  over  to  the  bridegroom,  bidding  him 
take  her  home.  Presents  of  various  kinds 
were  made  to  the  newly-married  pair,  but, 
with  all  this  ceremony,  the  tie  was  merely 
one  of  convenience.  Within  a  month  the 
man  might  tire  of  his  partner  and  wish  to 
be  rid  of  her.  All  he  had  to  do  was  to 
desire  her  departure,  saying,  "  It  is  enough 
— go  away."  She  immediately  left  him, 
and  almost  invariably  became  a  prostitute. 
This  process  might  be  repeated  as  often  as 
he  pleased.  The  caprice  of  the  male  sex 
thus  threw  numbers  of  the  females  into  a 
necessity  of  supporting  themselves  by  the 


public  hire  of  their  persons.  For,  although 
polygamy  existed,  it  was  practised  only  by 
the  rich,  since  the  facility  of  divorce  ren- 
dered it  more  convenient  to  take  one  wife, 
dwell  with  her  a  short  time,  and  abandon 
her  for  another,  than  to  be  troubled  or 
burdened  with  several  at  the  same  time. 
The  wealthy,  however,  took  numerous  con- 
cubines— indulging  in  this  luxury  more 
than  any  of  the  other  islanders.  In  all 
their  customs  and  national  characteristics, 
if  we  desire  to  view  them  in  their  original 
form,  we  must  contemplate  the  people  of 
those  islands  as  they  were  twenty  years 
ago.  A  great  change  is  now  apparent 
among  them.  The  accounts,  therefore, 
published  at  that  period,  though  improved 
by  later  inquiries,  afibrd  us  the  information 
we  are  in  search  of.  We  are  not  surprised 
to  find  an  indolent  licentious  people,  as 
they  were,  when  under  no  restraint,  ad- 
dicted to  the  most  odious  forms  of  vice. 
One  natural  result  of  their  manner  of  life 
was  infanticide.  It  was  practised  to  a 
frightful  extent,  and  was  encouraged  by  a 
variety  of  causes.  In  the  first  place,  po- 
verty and  idleness  often  induced  parents 
to  destroy  their  children  —  choosing  to 
sufier  that  short  pang  of  natural  sorrow 
than  the  long  struggles  with  starvation 
which  awaited  the  indigent — even  in  those 
prolific  islands.  Next  the  common  licen- 
tiousness produced  innumerable  bastards, 
which  were  generally  killed.  Thirdly,  the 
social  institutions  of  the  country,  with  the 
division  of  classes,  contributed  to  increase 
the  prevalence  of  the  custom — for  the  fruit 
of  all  unequal  matches  was  cast  aside. 
Superstition  also  aided  it,  for  the  priests 
demanded  for  their  gods  frequent  oblations 
of  infant  blood.  The  missionary  Williams 
was  informed  that,  from  the  constant  occur- 
rence of  wars,  women,  being  abandoned  by 
their  husbands,  slew  their  children,  whom 
they  knew  not  how  to  support.  When  a 
man  married  a  girl  of  inferior  rank,  two, 
four,  or  six  of  her  children  were  sacrificed 
before  she  could  claim  equality  with  him, 
and  should  she  bear  any  more  they  were 
spared.  Vanity,  too,  exercised  its  influ- 
ence, for,  as  nursing  impaired  the  beauty 
of  the  women,  they  sought  to  preserve 
their  attractions  by  sparing  themselves 
the  labour.  Perhaps,  however,  we  should 
not  lay  it  to  the  charge  of  vanity.  The 
miserable  women  of  these  islands  found 
in  the  flower  of  their  persons  the  only 
chance  of  attachment  or  respect  from 
their  husbands.  When  this  had  faded,  no- 
thing could  save  them  from  neglect. 

Whatever  the  cause,  the  extent  of  the 
practice  was  fearful.     Three-fourths  of  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


children  were  destroyed,  and  sometimes  in 
the  most  atrocious  manner.  A  wet  cloth 
placed  on  the  infant's  mouth,  the  hands 
clenched  round  its  throat,  or  the  earth 
heaped  over  it  while  alive  in  a  grave, 
were  among  the  most  humane.  Others 
broke  the  infant's  joints,  one  by  one,  until 
it  expired.  This  was  usually  the  plan  of 
the  professional  child-killers,  of  whom 
there  was  a  class — male  and  female — 
though  the  parents  often  performed  the 
office  themselves.  Before  the  establish- 
ment of  Christianity,  Williams  declares  he 
never  conversed  with  a  woman  who  had 
not  destroyed  one  or  two  of  her  offspring, 
JMany  confessed  to  him,  as  well  as  to  Wil- 
mer,  that  they  had  killed,  some  three, 
some  five,  some  nine,  and  one  seventeen. 

Connected  with  infanticide  was  one  of 
the  most  extraordinary  institutions  ever 
established  in  a  savage  or  a  civilized  coun- 
try. This  was  the  Areoi  Society.  It  was 
at  once  the  source  of  their  greatest  amuse- 
ments and  their  greatest  sorrow,  and  was 
strictly  confined  to  the  Society  group, 
though  indications  of  a  similar  thing  have 
beea  discovered  in  the  Ladrones.  The  de- 
licacy of  the  missionary  writers — in  many 
instances  extremely  absurd — has  induced 
them  to  neglect  informing  us  in  detail  of 
the  practices  and  regulations  adopted  by  this 
society  ;  but  enough  is  known  from  them, 
and  from  less  timid  narrators,  to  allow  of  a 
tolerably  full  sketch. 

From  the  traditions  of  the  people  it 
appears  that  the  society  was  of  very  an- 
cient date  :  they  said  there  had  been 
Areois  as  long  as  there  had  been  men.  Its 
origin  is  traced  to  two  heroes — brothers, 
who,  in  consequence  of  some  adventures 
with  the  gods,  were  deified,  and  made  kings 
of  the  Areoi,  which  included  all  who 
would  adhere  to  them  as  their  lords  in 
heaven.  Living  in  celibacy  themselves, 
they  did  not  enjoin  the  same  on  their 
followers  ;  but  required  that  they  should 
leave  no  descendants.  Thus  the  great  law 
of  the  Areois  was  that  all  their  children 
should  be  slain.  What  the  real  origin  of 
the  institution  was  it  is  impossible  to  dis- 
cover. This  legend,  however,  indicates  a 
part  of  its  nature. 

The  Areois  formed  a  body  of  privileged 
libertines,  who  spent  their  days  travelling 
from  province  to  province,  from  island  to 
island,  exhibiting  a  kind  of  licentious  dra- 
matic spectacle  to  the  people,  and  every- 
Avhere  indulging  the  grossest  of  their  pas- 
sions. The  company  located  itself  in  a 
purticular  spot  as  its  head-quarters,  and  at 
certain  seasons  departed  on  an  excursion 
through    the    group.      Great  parade   was 


made  on  the  occasion  of  their  setting  out. 
They  bore  with  them  portable  temples  for 
the  worship  of  their  tutelar  gods,  and, 
wherever  they  halted,  performed  their  pan- 
tomimes for  the  amusement  of  the  people. 
The  priests  and  others — all  classes  and 
things — were  ridiculed  by  them  in  their 
speeches,  with  entire  impunity,  and  they 
were  entertained  by  the  chiefs  with  sump- 
tuous feasts.  There  were,  however,  seven 
classes  of  the  Areois,  of  which  the  first  was 
select  and  small,  while  the  seventh  per- 
formed the  lower  and  more  laborious  parts 
in  their  entertainments.  Numbers  of  ser- 
vants followed  them  to  prepare  their  food 
and  their  dresses,  and  were  distinguished 
by  the  name  of  Fanannan  ;  these  were  not 
obliged  to  destroy  their  children. 

Every  Areoi  had  his  own  wife,  who  was 
sacred  from  attack.  Improper  conduct 
towards  her  was  severely  punished,  some- 
times by  death.  Towards  the  wives  of 
other  persons,  however,  no  respect  was 
shown ;  for  after  one  of  their  vile  and 
obscene  spectacles,  the  members  of  the 
fraternity  would  rush  abroad,  and  commit 
every  kind  of  excess  among  the  humble 
people.  At  their  grand  feasts,  to  which 
the  privileged  orders  only  were  admitted, 
numbers  of  handsome  girls  were  introduced, 
who  prostituted  themselves  for  small  gifts 
to  any  member  of  the  association. 

The  practice  of  destroying  all  their  chil- 
dren, which  was  compulsory  among  the 
Areois,  licensed  them  to  every  kind  of 
excess.  The  moment  a  child  was  born 
its  life  was  extinguished — either  strangled, 
stabbed  with  a  sharp  bamboo,  or  crushed 
under  the  foot.  The  professional  execu- 
tioner waited  by  the  woman's  couch,  and, 
immediately  the  infant  came  into  the 
world,  seized  it,  hurried  it  away,  and  in 
an  instant  flung  it  dead  into  some  neigh- 
bouring thicket,  or  a  pit  prepared  before- 
hand. 

Infanticide  was  by  no  means  confined  to 
the  Areois  ;  it  was  an  universal  practice. 
Generally  the  sacrifice  took  place  imme- 
diately alter  the  birth;  for,  with  the  ex- 
ception of  those  children  demanded  by  the 
priests  to  offer  in  the  temple,  it  was  seldom 
that  an  infant  allowed  to  live  half  an  horn- 
was  destroyed.  Whenever  the  execution 
was  performed,  it  was  previously  resolved 
upon.  The  females  were  killed  oftener 
than  the  males,  and  thus  sprang  up  a  great 
disproportion  between  the  sexes,  which  was 
evidently  owing  to  this  and  their  often 
unnatural  customs,  as,  since  their  abolition, 
the  sexes  are  nearly  equal. 

Adultery  was  sometimes  punished  with 
death,  but  not  under  the  public  law.     It 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Vfe  have  no  in- 
were  subject  to 
what  the  terms 


was  optional  with  the  husband  to  pursue 
the  criiuiual,  or  content  himself  with  pro- 
curing another  wife.  A  strange  state  of 
manners  is  exhibited  by  the  account  we 
have  of  the  early  missionaries  arriving  in 
Tahiti.  The  King  Pomare  came  down  to 
meet  them  with  his  wife  Idia.  This  woman, 
though  married  to  the  prince,  remaining 
on  friendly  terms  with  him,  offering  him 
advice,  and  influencing  his  actions  by  her 
counsel,  was  then  cohabiting  with  one  of 
her  own  servants,  who  had  for  some  time 
been  her  paramour.  The  King,  meanwhile, 
had  taken  his  wife's  youngest  sister  as  a 
concubine  ;  but  she  had  deserted  him  for  a 
more  youthful  lover,  whereupon  he  con- 
tented himself  with  a  girl  belonging  to  the 
poorer  class.  Women,  indeed,  and  men  of 
the  royal  blood,  were  above  the  law. 

Abandoned  wives,  and  girls  who  could 
find  no  husbands,  usually  became  prosti- 
tutes, as  distinguished  from  those  who 
pursued  a  profligate  life  from  sheer  sen- 
suality. They  hired  themselves  out  to  the 
young  men  whom  the  monopoly  of  women 
by  the  rich  constrained  to  be  contented 
with  such  companions, 
formation  whether  they 
any  especial  regulations  ; 
of  contract  were  between  them  and  their 
temporary  cohabitants  ;  how  they  sup- 
ported themselves  in  old  age  ;  or,  indeed, 
of  anything  concerning  them,  except  the 
general  nature  of  their  calling.  A  large 
class  of  these  prostitutes  dwelt  near  the 
ports  and  anchoring  grounds,  deriving 
their  means  of  subsistence  from  open  or 
clandestine  intercourse  with  the  sailors, 
who  willingly  paid  them  with  little  articles 
of  ornament  or  utility  from  Europe. 

One  of  the  missionaries  of  the  first  com- 
pany desired  to  marry  a  Tahiti  woman. 
His  brethren,  however,  strongly  objected  to 
the  act ;  first,  because  ,she  was  a  heathen, 
second,  because  she  was  a  prostitute. 
There  could  not  be  then  found  on  the 
island,  as  they  declared  themselves  on 
belief,  a  single  undebauched  girl  above 
twelve  years  of  age  ;  therefore,  in  accord- 
ance with  the  Scripture  prohibition  against 
marrying  a  "  heathen  harlot,"  they  forbade 
him  forming  the  connection.  Nevertheless 
he  persisted,  took  the  prostitute  as  wife, 
and  is  supposed  to  have  been  murdered 
with  her  connivance. 

Inconstancy  among  wives,  and  profligacy 
among  unmarried  women,  was  then  a  cha- 
racteristic almost  universal  in  Tahiti.  The 
wide-spread  practice  of  procuring  abortion 
concealed  many  of  the  intrigues  which  took 
place,  and  the  last  crime  which  began 
visibly  to  decrease  was  that  of  adultery. 


Nor  could  this  be  a  matter  of  wonder. 
The  education  of  the  people  was  in  a 
school  of  licentiousness.  The  most  effec- 
tive lessons  in  obscenity  were  aflbrded  by 
the  priests  in  the  temples,  and  children  of 
tender  years  indulged  in  acts  of  inde- 
scribable depravity.  Thus  in  few  parts  of 
the  world  could  be  discovered  a  more  cor- 
rupt system  of  manners,  a  more  complete 
absence  of  morals,  than  in  Tahiti. 

Under  the  influence  of  the  missionaries 
a  great  and  beneficial  change  was  produced. 
French  priests  have  now  in  a  measure 
superseded  them ;  but  even  their  exer- 
tions have  not  been  able  to  neutralize 
the  good  effects  of  the  new  code  of 
morals  introduced  by  the  English  friends 
of  civilization. 

As  to  the  actual  amount,  however,  of 
the  good  which  has  been  effected,  the 
accounts  are  contradictory.  From  the 
missionaries  themselves  we  learn  that 
Christianity  has  been  firmly  established; 
that  the  female  sex  has  been  elevated  to 
an  honourable  position  ;  that  the  Christian 
rite  of  marriage  is  now  generally  observed  ; 
that  infanticide  is  wholly  abolished ;  and 
that  the  manners  of  the  people  have  be- 
come comparatively  pure.  The  picture, 
indeed,  drawn  by  these  artists,  is  vivid 
and  full  of  charms.  We  cannot,  however, 
accept  it  without  reserve  ;  for  such  writers 
have  in  many  parts  of  the  world  been 
too  eager  to  ring  their  peals  of  triumph 
over  the  appearance  of  reform,  without 
inquiring  into  its  substantial  and  durable 
nature. 

Other  accounts  insist  on  the  truth  of  a 
totally  different  view.  A  recent  author,  a 
merchant,  many  years  resident  in  Tahiti, 
describes  the  result  of  missionary  labour  as 
a  mere  skinning  over  of  the  corruption 
which  exists.  "  Even  now,"  he  says,  speak- 
ing of  that  island,  "a  people  more  ready 
to  abandon  themselves  to  sensuality  cannot 
be  found  under  the  canopy  of  heaven." 
And  further,  in  noticing  the  state  of  the 
youthful  population,  he  asserts,  "  It  is  a 
rare  thing  for  a  woman  to  preserve  her 
chastity  until  the  age  of  puberty."  De- 
licacy, he  proceeds  to  tell  us,  is  a  thing 
unknown.  There  is  hardly  a  man  who 
would  not  wink  at  his  wife's  prostitution, 
or  even  abet  it,  to  support  himself.  The 
same  system  of  corrupt  manners  is  general 
throughout  the  islands.  The  missionaries, 
by  making  adultery  and  fornication  of- 
fences punishable  by  fines — so  many  dollars 
each — have  set  up  a  species  of  licence  for 
immorality.  The  penalty  is  either  eluded 
or  laughed  at.  Sometimes  the  woman's 
paramour  pays  the  penalty,  and  continues 


80 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


•with  her.  The  morals  of  the  people,  there- 
fore, have  not  been  radically  reformed. 
Public  decency  is  observed,  but  private 
manners  are  disgusting.  The  Tahitians 
have  thus  learned  hypocrisy,  for  they  now 
practise  secretly  what  was  formerly  a  re- 
cognised custom.  The  men  are  jealous  of 
their  own  race,  but  will  bargain  for  their 
wives  with  Europeans.  One  was  asked  the 
reason  of  this  distinction.  He  instantly 
made  answer,  that  when  a  white  man  took 
one  of  their  wives  he  made  her  a  present, 
passed  on  his  way,  and  thought  no  more  of 
her  ;  but  it  was  very  diflferent  with  their 
own  people,  for  they  would  be  continually 
hovering  about  the  woman.  The  legal 
penalty  for  adultery  by  a  single  man  is  a 
fine  of  ten  hogs  to  the  husband.  If  it  is 
committed  by  a  married  man  he  pays  the 
ten  hogs,  while  his  paramour  pays  his  wife 
another  ten  to  compensate  her  for  the 
injury  she  has  suffered ;  thus  the  bargain 
is  equal.  Divorce  is  optional  on  either 
hand.  For  prostitution,  or  fornication  of 
any  kind,  the  missionaries  enacted  a  fine. 
In  a  climate,  however,  where  the  girl 
ripens  into  puberty  at  the  age  of  eight  or 
nine,  this  becomes  a  licence,  and  immorality 
is  very  slightly  checked.  The  depopulation 
of  the  group,  which  is  still  going  on,  is 
mainly  owing,  says  the  same  author,  to 
physical  privutions  acting  on  moral  de- 
pravity ;  for  indigence  is  the  lot  of  the 
people,  and  licentiousness  now,  as  formerly, 
their  besetting  sin. 

We  believe  this  to  be  an  unfair  account 
of  the  state  of  things  now  existing  in  Tahiti. 
The  writer'^  is  possessed  of  a  strong  preju- 
dice against  the  missionaries,  and  we  are 
inclined  to  apply  to  him,  with  some  modi- 
fication, the  observations  of  Commodore 
Wilkes,  commander  of  the  recent  American 
exploring  expedition  in  reference  to  that 
island.  He  tells  us  there  is  a  class  of  traders 
who  defame  the  missionaries,  as  well  as  a 
profligate  class  who  hate  them,  because 
they  forbid  intoxicating  liquors,  have  abo- 
lished lascivious  dances,  and  prevent  women 
going  on  board  ship  to  prostitute  them- 
selves. One  charge  against  the  missionaries 
is,  however,  proved  :  they  are  guilty  of  a 
misjudging  zeal  amounting  to  fanaticism, 
forbidding  the  women  to  wear  chaplets  of 
flowers,  because  it  is  a  sinful  vanity;  such 
a  restriction  is  worse  than  ridiculous.  The 
Commodore,  however,  whom  we  accept  as 
a  judicious  and  a  trustworthy  authority, 
already  shows  that  much  good  has  been 
efiected.     The   population   is   now  almost 

*  Rovings  in  the  Pacific,  by  a  Merchant  long 
Hesident  in  Tahiti,  1851. 


stationary — the  births  and  deaths  among  all 
ages  and  both  sexes  were  in  1839  naturally 
proportionate  ;  Christian  marriage  is  esta- 
blished as  thenational  custom,  and  polygamy 
abolished  ;  if  infanticide  be  ever  practised, 
it  is  as  a  secret  crime;  and  as  for  immorality, 
though  by  no  means  extirpated,  it  has  been 
considerably  reduced.  "  Licentiousness," 
says  Wilkes,  "  does  still  exist  among  them, 
but  the  foreign  residents  and  visitors  are  in 
a  great  degree  the  cause  of  its  continuance, 
and  an  unbridled  intercourse  with  them 
serves  to  perpetuate  it.  Severe  laws  have 
been  enacted,  but  they  cannot  be  put  in 
force  in  cases  where  one  of  the  parties  is  a 
foreigner."  He  proceeds  to  deny  that  the 
island  is  conspicuous  in  this  respect,  and 
believes  it  would  show  advantageously  in 
contrast  with  many  countries  usually  styled 
civilized. 

In  the  distant  Sandwich  group  a  similar 
system  of  manners  existed  before  the  abo- 
lition of  idolatry  in  1819.  There  was,  how- 
ever, one  singular  custom:  children  bore  the 
rank  of  their  mother,  not  their  father,  pro- 
bably from  the  reason  assigned  by  other 
savage  races  for  different  laws,  that  the  pa- 
rentage was  never  certain.  Polygamy  was 
practised,  but  if  the  king  had  a  daughter 
by  a  noble  wife  she  succeeded  to  the  throne, 
though  he  should  have  numerous  sons  by 
the  others ;  in  fact,  they  were  no  more  than 
concubines,  though  their  offspring  were  not 
invariably  destroyed,  unless  the  mothers 
belonged  to  the  humbler  class  of  people ; 
all  the  king's  illegitimate  children,  how- 
ever, were  immediately  killed.  Adultery 
was  punished  with  death;  but  intrigues 
were  fiequent,  and  infanticide  was  practised 
to  a  terrible  extent.  Since  the  enactment 
of  the  laws  restraining  sexual  intercourse, 
the  crime  has  become  comparatively  rare, 
and  the  progress  of  depopulation  has  been 
arrested. 

We  must,  however,  first  view  the  people 
as  they  were  before  these  reforms  occurred : 
there  was  little  check  upon  the  intercouise 
of  the  sexes,  except  with  regard  to  mariied 
women ;  the  young  girls  being  abandoned 
almo.st  entirely  to  a  dissolute  mode  of  life, 
the  marriage  contract  was  a  loose  tie,  easily 
broken,  without  anything  of  a  sacred  or 
even  honourable  character.  Husbands  con- 
tinually abandoned  their  Avives,  who  in- 
variably destroyed  the  children  thus  left 
to  them  in  their  virtual  widowhood,  and 
took  to  prostitution  as  a  means  of  life. 
The  ])ractice  of  procuring  abortion  was  also 
resorted  to,  even  more  than  infanticide, 
and  women  were  sometimes  killed  by  the 
operation  ;  nevertheless,  bastard  children 
are  sometimes  reared,  and  the  language  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


81 


the  islanders  supplies  a  delicate  designa- 
tion for  one  of  this  brood  :  it  is  called 
"one  that  comes." 

Although  the  condition  of  the  female 
sex  was  degraded,  and  although  the  Avomen 
were  for  the  most  part  subjected  to  the  will 
of  the  chiefs,  a  few  remained  to  be  wedded 
among  the  poor,  and  to  follow  their  own 
inclinations  in  the  choice  of  partners.  The 
word  "  courting  "  is  used  among  them,  or 
at  least  a  synonymous  term,  signifying, 
literally,  "  we  must  be  crept  to."  This  in- 
dicjites  some  elevation  in  their  social  inter- 
course, but  appears  to  have  been  a  recent 
introduction.  When  a  man  wished  to 
marry  a  girl,  some  previous  intimacy  was 
supposed.  According  to  their  former  cus- 
toms he  goes  to  her,  and  offers  her  a  present. 
If  she  was  willing  to  receive  him,  the  gift 
was  accepted  ;  if  not,  he  went  his  way.  The 
parents  were  then  consulted.  When  they 
consented  he  at  once  took  home  his  bride, 
and  all  was  consummated.  When  they 
refused  he  either  abandoned  his  suit  or 
persuaded  bis  lover  to  elope  with  him  ;  or, 
if  possessed  of  sufficient  property  and 
power,  forces  her  away.  When  once  settled 
in  union  the  wives  were  usually  faithful, 
though  previously  they  indulged  in  the 
utmost  profligacy  without  any  check. 

The  infanticide  of  the  Sandwich  Islands 
presented  details  still  more  horrible  than 
the  worst  of  those  described  in  connection 
with  Tahiti.  Children  six  or  seven  years 
old,  who  so  far  had  been  carefully  nursed, 
were  sometimes  sacrificed  when  their  pa- 
rents became  desperate  or  indolent.  An 
xlmerican  traveller  relates  an  affecting  in- 
cident of  a  man  who  desired  to  be  rid  of 
his  child,  while  the  mother  endeavoured  to 
save  it.  Long  altercations  took  place  be- 
tween them,  until  the  father  one  day,  to 
put  an  end  to  the  debate,  seized  his  little 
son,  threw  him  over  his  knees,  and  with  a 
single  blow  broke  his  back.  The  circum- 
stance was  related  to  the  king,  with  a  de- 
mand for  punishment  upon  the  offender. 
'•  Whose  child  was  it  %  "  he  asked.  They 
answered,  "  His  own."  "  Then  that  is  no- 
thiug,"  he  said,  "  to  you  or  to  me."  Usually 
the  office  was  performed  by  female  child- 
stranglers,  who  made  it  their  profession. 
In  a  country  where  marriage,  especially 
among  the  rich,  was  simply  a  compact  for 
temporary  or  permanent  cohabitation, 
abundance  of  employment  was  naturally 
afforded  to  those  people.  The  chiefs,  it  is 
true,  married  in  the  temple,  but  the  addi- 
tion of  ceremonies  added  not  a  whit  of 
sanctity  or  durability  to  the  bond.  The 
first  Ciiristian  wedding  took  place  in  Oalm 
in  1822,  and  the  rite  has  since  that  period 


been  established  by  law.  The  edict  of 
1819,  indeed,  proclaimed  a  revolution  in 
the  social  system  of  the  group.  But  it  is 
not  easy  to  reform  the  manners  of  a  whole 
people.  It  is  a  slight  task  to  publish  laws, 
but  difficult  to  enforce  them,  espe- 
cially when  they  assail  the  most  deeply- 
rooted  prejudices,  the  sentiments,  the  pas- 
sions, the  religions,  and  the  pleasures,  of  a 
numerous  community.  Idolatry,  infanti- 
cide, polygamy,  concubinage,  and  prostitu- 
tion were  all  prohibited  by  the  declaration 
of  1819,  but  are  still  practised,  though  in 
secret,  but  by  no  means  so  extensively  as 
in  former  times.  The  financial  laws  check 
inftmticide.  If  a  man  has  four  children,  he 
is  exempt  from  labour  taxes  to  the  king 
and  to  his  landlord  ;  if  five,  from  the  poll- 
tax  also  ;  if  six,  from  all  taxes  whatsoever. 
Indeed,  the  condition  of  the  females  has 
been  considerably  raised,  so  that,  instead  of 
being  the  slaves,  they  are  now,  at  least  in 
some  degree,  the  companions  of  the  men. 

Of  the  actual  state  of  the  sex,  and  the 
characteristic  of  manners  in  the  Sandwich 
group,  a  fair  sketch  may  be  gathered  from 
the  facts  scattered  through  the  large  work 
of  Commodore  Wilkes  ;  he  went  through 
many  districts,  and  examined  minutely  the 
progress  of  the  people  under  the  new  code. 
In  one  district  of  Dahu,  a  small  island  in 
the  group,  no  instance  of  infanticide  had 
occurred  (1840)  during  ten  years;  the  law 
against  the  illicit  intercourse  of  the  sexes 
had  not  tended  to  increase  the  practice, 
and  the  population,  which  had  been  almost 
swept  away,  was  recovering.  In  the  valley 
of  Halalea  the  population  had  been  decreas- 
ing at  the  rate  of  one  per  cent,  for  nine 
years.  In  1837,  it  was  3024—1609  males, 
1415  females;  and  in  1840,  2935  —  1563 
males,  1372  females.  The  general  licen- 
tiousness of  manners,  causing  barrenness  in 
the  women,  with  the  practice  of  infanticide 
and  abortion,  prevented  any  increase.  In 
Waiaulea  the  population  of  2640  decreased 
by  225  in  four  years ;  and  instances  were 
known  of  women  having  six,  seven,  or 
even  ten  children,  in  as  many  years,  with- 
out rearing  one  of  them  ;  the  bastards  were 
almost  always  destroyed,  but  the  new  law 
operated  very  beneficially  to  check  the  in- 
tercourse of  the  sexes ;  and  only  one  case 
was  known  of  a  woman  destroying  her 
child,  through  fear  of  the  penalty  attaching 
to  fornication.  It  appears  probable,  however, 
that  the  regulation  compelling  all  un- 
married women,  found  pregnant,  to  work 
on  the  public  roads,  must  encourage  many 
unnatural  practices  ;  in  Hawaii  itself,  the 
principal  island,  where  large  numbers  of 
men  and  women  formerly  lived  in  promis- 


G 


.i 


82 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


cuous  intercourse — as  one -womaTi  common  to 
several  men — great  improvement  is  visible, 
and  public  manners  have  undergone  much 
change ;  licentiousness,  notwithstanding, 
is  still  a  prominent  characteristic  of  the 
people.  These  observations  may  be  applied 
generally  to  the  whole  of  the  Sandwich 
group. 

Of  the  Tonga  or  Friendly  Islands  no 
description  equals  in  completeness,  and 
none  exceeds  in  general  accuracy,  that  by 
Mariner,  compiled  by  John  Martin.  Ac- 
cording to  him,  the  female  sex  was  not 
degraded  there,  old  persons  of  both  sexes 
being  entitled  to  equal  reverence  ;  women 
in  particular  were  respected  as  such,  con- 
sidered to  form  part  of  the  world's  means 
of  happiness,  and  protected  by  that  law  of 
manly  honour  which  prohibits  the  strong 
from  maltreating  the  weak.  There  were 
many  regulations  respecting  rank  which  do 
not  belong  to  this  inquiry  ;  but  others  of  the 
same  kind  must  be  alluded  to.  The  young 
girl,  betrothed  or  set  apart  to  be  the  wife  or 
concubine  of  a  noble,  acquired  on  that 
account  a  certain  position  in  the  commu- 
nity. The  rich  women  occupied  themselves 
with  various  forms  of  elegant  industry,  not 
as  professions,  but  accomplishments ;  while 
others  made  a  trade  of  it. 

The  chastity  of  the  Tonga  people  should 
be  measured,  in  Mr.  Martin's  opinion, 
rather  by  their  own  than  by  others'  ideas  of 
that  virtue.  Among  them  it  was  held  the 
positive  duty  of  a  married  vfoman  to  be 
faithful  to  her  husband.  By  married  wo- 
man was  meant  one  who  cohabited  with  a 
man,  lived  under  his  roof  and  protection, 
and  ruled  an  establishment  of  his.  Her 
marriage  was  frequently  independent  of 
her  own  will,  she  being  betrothed  by  her 
parents,  while  very  young,  to  some  chief  or 
other  person.  About  a  third  were  thus 
disposed  of,  the  rest  marrying  by  their  own 
consent.  She  must  remain  with  her  hus- 
band whether  she  pleased  or  not,  until  he 
chose  to  divorce  her. 

About  two-thirds  of  the  females  were 
married,  and  of  these  about  half  continued 
with  their  husbands  until  death  ;  that  is, 
about  a  third  remained  married  till  either 
they  or  their  partners  died.  Of  the  others 
two-thirds  were  married,  and  were  soon 
divorced,  marrying  again  two,  three,  or  four 
times  ;  a  few  never  contracted  any  mar- 
riage at  all ;  and  a  third  were  generally  un- 
married. Girls  below  puberty  were  not 
taken  into  this  account. 

During  Mariner's  residence  of  four  years 
in  the  islands,  where  he  enjoyed  privileges 
of  social  intercourse  which  no  native  was 
allowed,  he  made  numerous  inquiries,  and 


was  led  to  believe  that  infidelity  among  the 
married  women  was  very  rare.  He  remem- 
bered only  three  successful  instances  of 
planned  intrigue,  with  one  other  -rhich  he 
suspected.  Great  chiefs  might  kill  their 
wives  taken  in  adultery,  while  inferior  men 
beat  them.  They  were  under  the  surveil- 
lance of  female  servants,  who  continually 
watched  their  proceedings.  Independently 
of  this  also,  he  considered  them  inclined  to 
conjugal  virtue. 

A  man  desiring  to  divorce  his  wife,  had  to 
do  no  more  than  bid  her  go,  when  she 
became  perfect  mistress  of  herself,  and 
often  married  again  in  a  few  days.  Others 
remained  single,  admitting  a  man  into  their 
houses  occasionally,  or  lived  as  the  mistress 
of  various  men  from  time  to  time — that  is 
to  say,  became  wandering  libertines  or  pros- 
titutes. Unmarried  women  might  have 
intercourse  with  whom  they  pleased  with- 
out opprobrium,  but  they  were  not  easily 
won.  Gross  prostitution  was  unknown 
among  them.  The  conduct  of  the  men  was 
very  different.  It  was  thought  no  reproach, 
as  a  married  man,  to  hold  intercourse  with 
other  females;  but  the  practice  was  not 
general.  It  was  checked  by  the  jealousy  of 
the  wife.  Single  men  were  extremely  free 
in  their  conduct ;  but  seldom  made  at- 
tempts on  married  women.  Rape  occasion- 
ally happened.  Captives  taken  in  war  had, 
as  a  thing  of  course,  to  submit,  and  in- 
curred no  dishonour  through  it.  Few  of 
the  young  men  would  refuse  to  seduce  an 
unmarried  girl  of  their  own  nation,  had 
they  the  opportunity.  Nevertheless,  in 
comparison  with  the  islanders  in  the  sur- 
rounding sea,  they  were  rather  a  chaste 
than  a  libertine  people. 

Commodore  Wilkes  declares  himself  glad 
to  confirm  the  account  in  "  Mariner's  Tonga 
Islands  "  as  an  "  admirable  and  accurate 
description."  The  women  are  said  to  be 
virtuous,  and  the  general  state  of  morals 
superior  far  to  that  of  Tahiti.  The  vene- 
real disease  is  much  less  extensively  pre- 
valent. 

In  the  Marquesas  the  curious  social  phe- 
nomenon of  polyandrism  exists — several 
men  cohabiting  with  one  woman.  This  is 
in  consequence  of  the  preponderance  of 
the  male  over  the  female  sex.  A  young 
girl  may  become  attached  to  a  youth,  and 
live  with  him  for  a  short  time.  A  man 
may  then  become  attached  to  her,  and 
ti-ansfer  her,  with  her  lover,  to  his  house, 
where  he  supports  them  both.  Infanti- 
cide is  unknown,  but  procuring  abor- 
tion not  uncommon.  The  marriage  tie, 
though  a  mere  private  compact  signified  by 
an   exchange  of   presents,   is,   in  spite   of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


83 


polyandrism,  distinct,  binding,  and  endur- 
ing— the  parties  abiding  bj  the  agreement 
they  have  made,  until  another  formal 
agreement  to  dissolve  it.  In  other  parts  of 
the  Pacific  the  contrary  system  is  carried 
out  to  an  extravagant  extent.  In  the  Isle 
of  Rotumah  the  land  is  divided  into  various 
estates,  the  property  of  certain  chiefs. 
Each  of  these  lords  of  the  soil  has  absolute 
control  over  all  the  women  in  his  district, 
and  not  o-ne  can  marry  without  his  consent. 
Should  he  not  desire  her  for  himself  he 
allows  her  to  contract  the  engagement,  on 
receiving  a  present  from  the  bridegroom. 
Gifts  are  exchanged  on  either  side,  bowls 
of  cava  are  drunk,  and  the  ceremony  is 
over.  The  wife,  in  this  island,  has  singular 
power.  She  may,  a  few  days  after  the 
marriage,  desire  her  husband  to  leave  her. 
He  does  so  for  three  or  four  months,  and 
then  returns  to  spend  two  or  three  days  in 
her  society.  She  may  then  request  him 
again  to  quit  the  house ;  and  this  is 
repeated  until  she  consents  to  live  with  him 
permanently.  Occasionally,  when  all  the 
preliminaries  of  the  match  are  arranged, 
the  girl  will  suddenly  revoke  her  resolution, 
and  refuse  to  leave  her  parents'  house. 
The  man  may  be  equally  desirous  of  leav- 
ing her  at  home,  and  in  this  case  she  is 
henceforward  a  privileged  libertine,  and 
usually  lives  well  upon  the  gains  of  prosti- 
tution. But  if,  previously  to  the  contract, 
she  lose  her  virginity,  the  punishment  is 
death,  which  is  also  inflicted  for  adultery. 

A  similar  system  with  respect  to  the 
chief's  authority  prevails  in  the  Feejee 
group.  All  the  young  girls  in  his  district 
are  at  his  mercy ;  he  may  take  them  all  as 
concubines  if  he  pleases.  When  they  are 
allowed  to  marry  they  become  slaves,  living 
in  complete  subjection  to  their  husbands, 
who  flog  them  at  will.  They  are  denied 
the  privilege  of  entering  a  temple,  and  are 
bought,  sold,  and  exchanged,  like  cattle. 
Inclined  as  they  are  to  licentiousness,  they 
have  certain  ideas  of  modesty,  and  wear  a 
girdle  round  the  loins ;  any  girl  seen  with- 
out this  covering  is  put  to  death. 

In  the  wild  isles  of  the  Kingsmill  group 
in  the  Western  Pacific,  polygamy  prevails  ; 
but  more  consideration  is  paid  to  the  fe- 
male sex  than  in  any  other  part  of  that 
great  insular  region.  All  the  hard  labour  is 
performed  by  the  men ;  the  women  pur- 
suing only  those  occupations  which  are 
truly  domestic  and  feminine. .  Men,  indeed, 
beat  their  wives,  but  in  a  similar  manner 
to  the  lower  classes  here.  If  she  be 
vigorous  or  bold  enough,  she  returns 
blow  for  blow,  and  there  is  no  appeal  for 
him  against   her  retaliation.     Chastity  is 


scarcely  esteemed  a  virtue,  nor  is  it  con- 
sidered essential  by  a  man  requiring  a 
wife.  After  marriage,  however,  continence 
is  strictly  required.  The  adulteress  is  either 
put  to  death  or  expelled ;  but,  in  spite  of 
these  punishments,  offences  of  this  class 
are  not  uncommon.  They  are  encouraged 
by  the  laws  which  forbid  the  younger  bro- 
thers of  a  chief,  who  are  not  holders  of 
land,  from  marriage  ;  for  it  may  be  laid 
down  as  an  axiom  that  all  restrictions  upon 
lawful  intercourse  with  women  multiply 
illicit  connections.  The  adulteress  and  the 
prostitute  in  the  Kingsmill  Isles,  as  else- 
where, form  the  resources  of  those  to  whom 
celibacy  is  enjoined. 

A  wife  is  not  bought,  but  the  parents  of 
both  contribute  to  the  household  stock  of 
the  newly-married  pair.  It  would  be  in- 
decent in  the  young  man  to  inquire  of  the 
girl's  father  what  is  the  amount  of  her 
dowry.  The  marriage  ceremony  is  only  a 
feast,  which  is  continued  during  three 
days.  Children  are  sometimes  betrothed 
during  infancy,  and  in  this  case  no  mar- 
riage ceremony  is  required:  as  soon  as 
they  are  sufficiently  old  they  are  sent  to 
live  together.  When  this  is  not  the  case, 
the  young  man  makes  an  offer  first  to  the 
girl,  and,  if  accepted,  next  to  her  parents  ; 
but  usually  carries  her  off  if  they  do  not 
consent. 

On  the  neighbouring  isle  of  Maluni  all 
the  women  who  are  married  have  been  be- 
trothed during  childhood ;  the  rest,  without 
exception,  being  prostitutes,  living  with 
the  single  men,  and  receiving  payment 
from  them. 

This  is,  as  usual,  in  consequence  of  the 
rich  men  having  so  many  wives  that  only 
a  few  women  are  left  to  live  in  common 
with  the  poorer  sort.  Infanticide  is  not 
practised,  but  abortion  is  continually  pro- 
cured. A  woman  has  seldom  more  than 
two,  and  never  more  than  three  children. 
After  the  third  is  born  she  invariably  calls 
in  the  aid  of  a  woman  to  prevent  another 
birth.  This  is  not  attended  with  any 
shame,  but  is,  on  the  contrary,  considered 
prudent ;  with  the  unmarried  females  it  is 
invariable. 

In  the  Samoan  or  N'avigators'  group 
women  now  enjoy  equal  privileges  with 
the  men,  and  no  indiscriminate  intercourse 
of  the  sexes  is  permitted.  Polygamy  has 
been  very  much  checked,  but  is  generally 
regretted.  The  people  say,  with  a  sim- 
plicity which  takes  away  its  profanity 
from  the  expression,  "  Why  should  God  be 
so  unreasonable  as  to  require  them  to  give 
up  all  their  wives  for  his  convenience?" 
Among    the    unconverted    tribes    it    still 


G2 


84 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


prevails  as  formerly.  Girls  are  betrothed 
early,  and  tabooed  until  marriage,  which 
preserves  the  general  chastity.  Infanticide 
never  occurs.  Adultery  is  severely  pu- 
nished, and  seldom  committed  ;  the  mar- 
riage ceremony  is  only  a  trifling  form  of 
exchanging  presents.  The  power  of  di- 
vorce may  be  exercised  by  the  husband 
under  certain  circumstances,  but  not  by 
the  wife.  Altogether  their  morals  are 
of  a  superior  order  ;  and  their  libertine 
disposition  exercises  itself  chiefly  in 
the  performance  of  lascivious  dances. 
Everywhere,  however,  in  these  seas,  except 
where  the  power  of  the  missionaries  is 
supreme,  the  whaling  ships,  on  arriving  at 
a  port,  attract  numbers  of  prostitutes,  who 
ofier  themselves  to  the  sailors  at  various 
prices.  When  Coulter  made  his  voyage,  not 
many  years  ago,  the  vessel  was  assailed  at 
the  Kingsmill  Islands  by  dozens  of  these 
women,  who  came,  some  attended  by  their 
fathers,  mothers,  or  brothers,  to  entice  the 
sailors.  Some  of  them  were  very  beautiful, 
and  nearly  naked.  When  he  was  in  bed, 
in  a  house  on  shore,  several  young  girls 
came  in  with  scarcely  any  clothing,  and 
asked  him  to  choose  a  companion,  or 
"  wife."  In  other  places  hundreds  of  pros- 
titutes swarmed  down  to  the  beach,  per- 
forming the  most  obscene  antics.  It  was 
so  when  La  Perouse  visited  the  region ;  it 
is  so  now.  It  was  remarked  by  Cook, 
and  it  was  remarked  by  the  most  recent 
voyager. 

To  pass  up  and  down  through  that  pro- 
digious wilderness  of  sea,  visiting  each 
group  in  succession,  and  noticing  the  pe- 
culiar manners  of  all  the  various  insular 
communities  which  there  exist,  would 
exceed  the  limits  of  an  ordinary  work. 
Nor  would  it  continue  to  interest  the 
reader ;  for  there  is  an  unavoidable  mo- 
notony in  the  subject,  when  extended  too 
greatly  in  reference  to  one  region.  What 
we  have  described  will  show  that,  among 
the  innumerable  islands  of  the  Pacific,  the 
original  condition  of  women,  before  the 
partial  establishment  of  Christianity,  was 
pitifully  degraded,  and  that  the  labours  of 
the  missionaries  have  been  fruitful  in  good 
results.  Wherever  Christianity  has  been 
received,  much  outward  improvement,  at 
least,  is  visible.  And  there  is  something 
in  this.  When  crime  is  perpetrated  in 
secret,  it  is  so  because  it  is  dangerous  or 
disgraceful;  and  in  proportion  as  it  is 
either  the  one  or  the  other  the  induce- 
ment to  it  will  diminish.  There  is  an 
immense  field  open  in  the  Pacific ;  but  the 
exertions  of  future  missionaries  may  be 
encouraged    by   contemplating    the    good 


results  which  have  sprung  from  the  lar 
hours  of  those  who  have  gone  before 
them*. 

Of  Prostitution  among  the  North- 
American  Indians. 

Various  as  are  the  phases  of  civilization 
in  different  parts  of  the  earth,  no  race  is 
more  peculiar  than  the  North  American 
Indian.  It  is  alone.  It  stands  apart  from 
the  rest  of  the  human  family.  It  resem- 
bles no  other.  In  manners,  customs,  laws, 
ideas,  and  religion,  the  nation  occupies  its 
own  ground,  related  by  no  tie  with  any  of 
the  innumerable  tribes  of  the  human 
family  inhabiting  the  remaining  divisions 
of  the  world.  It  has,  indeed,  exercised  the 
ingenuity  of  ethnographical  philosophers 
to  trace  among  the  North  American  In- 
dians an  identity  of  social  institutions 
with  the  people  of  ancient  Israel ;  but  the 
comparison  appears  forced  except  in  a  few 
particulars,  which  seem  rather  matters  of 
accident,  and  by  no  means  the  prominent 
characteristics  of  the  Red  or  the  Jewish 
race. 

Until  the  complete  establishment  of  a 
civilized  society  in  North  America,  and 
before  the  settlement  of  peace,  our  know- 
ledge of  the  Indian  race  was  most  im- 
perfect. We  depended  on  the  relations  of 
certain  imaginative  travellers,  who  wrote 
not  so  much  to  inform  as  to  startle  the 
reader — a  practice  not  altogether  aban- 
doned at  the  present  day.  Carver,  indeed, 
with  a  few  others,  brought  home  honest 
accounts  of  what  he  saw,  but  was  not 
always  careful  to  separate  that  from  what 
he  heard  ;  and  thus,  even  his  picture  is 
strangely  coloured  in  some  of  its  details. 
Later  and  more  scrupulous  travellers,  how- 
ever, have  investigated  the  manners  of  the 
Indian  race,  and  our  acquaintance  with  it 
is  gradually  becoming  familiar.  Catlin 
and  the  various  historians  have  added  to 
our  knowledge;  so  that  a  clear  outline, 
at  least  of  their  social  institutions,  may 
be   drawn.      There   are   three    classes    of 

*  See  Stuart's  Voyage  to  the  South  Seas; 
Walpole's  Four  Years  in  the  Pacific  ;  Ellis's  Tour 
through  Hawaii ;  Ellis's  Polynesian  Researches  : 
Herman  Melville's  Omoo  and  Typee  ;  Progress  of 
the  Gospel  in  Polynesia;  Montgomery's  Narra- 
tive of  Bennett  and  Tyerman's  Voyage  ;  Williams's 
Missionary  Enterprise  ;  Mariner's  Tonga  Islands  ; 
AVilkes's  United  States  Exploring  Expedition ; 
Three  Years  in  the  Pacific,  by  Ruschenberger ; 
Rovings  in  the  Pacific,  by  a  Merchant;  Sir 
George  Simpson's  Voyage  round  the  World ; 
Coulter's  Travels  in  South  America;  and  Coulter's 
Voyage  in  the  Pacific. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


writers  on  the  subject : — those  who  paint  the 
red  man  as  poetry  incarnate  ;  those  who 
describe  him  as  a  vile  and  drunken  bar- 
barian ;  and  those  who  have  the  sense  to 
discriminate  between  the  Indian  of  the 
seaport  town  corrupted  in  the  dram-shop, 
and  the  Indian  of  the  woods,  displaying 
the  original  characteristics  of  his  race.  It 
is  from  such  authorities  we  shall  draw  our 
view  of  the  condition  of  women  and  the 
state  of  morals  among  them. 

A  race  divided  into  several  nations,  and 
subdivided  into  innumerable  tribes,  might 
be  supposed  to  present  a  similar  diversity 
of  manners.  Not  so,  however.  The  social 
institutions  of  the  North-American  Indian 
are  generally  uniform,  though  of  .  course 
there  are  many  varieties  of  detail  in  their 
habits  and  customs.  Yet  these  are  nei- 
ther so  numerous  nor  so  striking  as  to 
render  it  impossible  to  sketch  the  whole  in 
a  general  view. 

The  Indian  loves  society.  He  is  never 
found  wandering  alone.  He  is  attached 
also  to  the  company  of  women.  Priding 
himself,  however,  on  his  stoicism,  he  never, 
at  any  period  of  his  history,  condescended 
to  voluptuousness.  His  sense  of  manly 
pride  prevented  him  from  becoming  im- 
modest or  indecent.  This  feeling  at  the 
same  time  inspired  him  with  the  idea  that 
everything  except  the  hunt  and  the  war- 
path was  below  the  dignity  of  man.  The 
sentiments,  therefore,  which  saved  the 
female  sex  from  becoming  the  mere  food  of 
lust,  consigned  it  to  an  inferior  position. 
The  Indian  women  formed  the  labouring 
class.  Such  a  result  was  inevitable.  The 
warrior  would  only  follow  the  chase  or 
fight.  There  was  labour  to  be  performed. 
No  men  were  to  be  employed  for  hire. 
Whatever,  therefore,  was  to  be  done  must 
be  done  by  the  females.  The  wife  is,  con- 
sequently, her  husband's  slave.  She  plants 
the  maize,  tobacco,  beans,  and  running 
vines  ;  she  drives  the  blackbird  from  the 
corn,  prepares  the  store  of  wild  fruits  for 
winter,  tears  up  the  weeds,  gathers  the  har- 
vest, pounds  the  grain,  dries  the  buffalo 
meat,  brings  home  the  game,  carries  wood, 
draws  water,  spreads  the  repast,  attends  on 
her  husband,  aids  in  canoe  building,  and 
bears  the  poles  of  the  wigwam  from  place  to 
place.  Among  the  trading  communities  she 
is  especially  valuable, — joining  in  the  hunt, 
preparing  the  skins  and  fur,  and  filling  the 
wigwam  with  the  riches  of  the  prairie, 
which  the  men  exchange  for  the  means  of 
a  luxurious  life.  When  the  hunter  kills 
game  he  leaves  it  under  a  tree,  perhaps 
many  miles  from  the  "  smokes"  of  his  tribe, 
returns  home,  and  sends  his  wife  to  fetch 


it.  Making  garments  of  skins,  sewing  them 
with  sinews  and  thorns  ;  weaving  mats  and 
baskets ;  embroidering  with  shells,  fea- 
thers, and  grass  ;  preparing  drugs  and  ad- 
ministering medicine  ;  and  building  huts — 
are  among  the  other  offices  of  the  sex. 
To  educate  them  for  this  life  of  industry, 
the  girls  are  trained  by  the  severe  disci- 
pline of  toils  ;  taught  to  undergo  fatigue, 
to  be  obedient,  and  to  suffer  without  com- 
plaining. 

Considered  as  the  slaves  of  the  men,  it  is 
natural  to  find  a  plurality  of  wives  allowed 
by  the  Indian  social  law  ;  accordingly  from 
Florida  to  the  St.  Lawrence  polygamy  is 
permitted,  though  some  tribes  further  north 
have  not  adopted  the  practice.  Elsewhere 
also,  in  other  directions,  more  than  one 
woman  is  taken  into  the  chief's  wigwam. 
They  are  his  servants,  and  he  counts  them 
as  we  count  our  horses  and  cattle;  some 
of  the  great  Mandan  warriors  have  seven 
or  eight ;  indeed,  among  all  the  ccmmuni- 
ties  which  Catlin  had  an  opportunity  of 
visiting,  polygamy  was  allowed,  and  it  was 
no  uncommon  thing  for  him  to  "find  six, 
eight,  ten,  twelve,  or  even  fourteen  wives 
in  the  same  lodge.  The  practice  is  of  an 
antiquity  too  remote  to  fix,  and  is  consi- 
dered not  only  as  necessary,  but  as  honour- 
able and  just;  they  are  servants,  and  a 
man's  wealth  is  partly  measured  by  this 
standard.  This  is  one  of  the  man's  induce- 
ments to  follow  the  custom,  though  it 
cannot  be  denied  that  some  of  these  stoic 
warriors  delight  in  a  harem'  from  the  same 
motives  as  the  Turk  or  the  Hindu.  It  is 
allowed,  we  say,  to  all,  but  is  principally 
confined  to  the  great  chiefs  and  medicine 
men,  the  others  being  too  humble  or  too 
poor  to  obtain  girls  from  their  fathers  : 
there  are,  indeed,  few  instances  in  which 
an  ordinary  man  has  more  than  one  squaw, 
and  it  might  be  supposed  that  his  wigwam 
was  most  peaceful;  but  it  is  not  so.  The 
jealousy  of  the  Indian  women  is  not  of  the 
same  kind  as  with  Europeans ;  it  is  watchful 
of  strangers,  not  of  regular  wives,  and  six 
or  seven  of  these  dwell  in  great  harmony 
under  the  same  roof.  So  well  established 
is  this  usage  among  them,  that  civilization 
meets  more  resistance  in  attempting  to 
break  it  down,  than  in  any  other  of  its 
efforts  ;  indeed,  in  overthrowing  polygamy 
among  the  North-American  Indians,  or  the 
remnant  which  is  left  of  them,  we  shall 
overthrow  their  whole  social  economy  and 
change  their  national  character,  and  this  it 
will  be  long  before  we  are  able  to  do.  Pro- 
bably the  custom  will  continue  as  long  as 
the  race  exists,  and  be  only  extinguished 
with  it.  Instances,  indeed,  have  occurred,  in 


86 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


which  an  Indian  has  sworn  obedience  to 
our  social  law,  but  many  examples  also  are 
known  of  a  return  to  the  old  habit.  Sir 
George  Simpson  relates  an  anecdote  of  one 
who  came  into  the  settled  parts,  learned 
to  read  and  write,  adopted  the  principle 
of  monogamy,  and,  returning  among  his 
countrymen,  sought  to  persuade  them  to 
follow  the  same  practice,  and  acquire  the 
same  accomplishments.  They  held  long 
arguments  with  him  upon  the  subject,  de- 
bated gravely,  and,  in  the  end,  instead  of 
being  converted  by  him,  won  him  back  to 
their  ancient  institution.  He  took  a  great 
number  of  wives,  forswore  books,  and  alluded 
no  more  to  his  designs  of  social  reform. 
Some  shame,  however,  possessed  his  mind, 
so  that,  Avhen  some  Europeans  were  in  the 
village,  he  kept  in  his  wigwam  and  would 
not  see  them. 

A  chief  named  Five  Crows,  of  the  Cayux 
tribe,  offered  also  to  renounce  polygamy, 
but  it  was  from  impulse  only,  and  not  from 
the  discovery  of  any  social  principle.  He 
had  five  wives,  and  great  wealth  in  horses, 
cattle,  and  slaves.  Falling  in  love,  how- 
ever, with  a  young  Christian  girl,  the 
daughter  of  a  gentleman  in  the  service  of 
the  Hudson's  Bay  Company,  he  dismissed 
his  old  companions,  and  with  great  parade 
and  confidence  presented  himself,  made  the 
proposal,  but,  to  his  infinite  astonishment 
as  well  as  mortification,  was  rejected;  in  a 
transport  of  spite,  he  immediately  married 
one  of  his  own  slave  girls.  Generally,  how- 
ever, the  American  Indians  are  far  less 
susceptible  of  the  sentiment  of  love,  still 
less  of  sensuality,  than  natives  of  Asiatic 
blood,  and  women  among  them  are  usually 
viewed  with  indifference;  instances  of  the 
contrary  occur  and  will  be  alluded  to. 

Whether  polygamists  or  otherwise,  the 
American  Indrans  universally  recognise 
the  marriage  contract.  There  is  no  such 
thing  among  them  as  a  tribe  practising 
promiscuous  intercourse ;  the  reports  of 
such  are  idle  tales.  Such  a  community 
would  become  extinct,  in  the  inevitable 
course  of  nature.  The  circumstances  of 
the  contract  vary,  however,  in  difierent 
parts,  and  among  different  societies.  In 
fertile  districts  polygamy  is  more  common  ; 
in  barren  tracts  most  of  the  men  of  all 
classes  have  only  one  wife.  In  some  com- 
munities the  man  takes  his  squaw  for  life, 
and  only  divorces  her  for  a  recognised 
cause  ;  in  others,  no  more  than  a  tempo- 
rary union  is  expected.  Everywhere,  how- 
ever, the  condition  of  the  sex  is  humi- 
liating, if  not  miserable,  and  marriage  is 
no  more  than  the  conjunction  of  a  master 
with  his  servant.     Thus  the  noblest  insti- 


tution of  society  is  perverted  into  a  form 
of  slavery.  That  polygamy  is  practised 
cannot,  nevertheless,  be  lamented  in  a 
social  view.  The  frequency  of  Avars  among 
the  American  Indians,  in  their  original 
state,  caused  a  disproportion  of  the  sexes, 
which  allowed  many  of  the  men  to  take 
several  wives,  without  preventing  all  from 
having  one.  Had  this  custom  not  been 
prevalent,  one  alternative  only  would 
have  remained  to  the  superfluous  wo- 
men— they  would  have  become  common 
prostitutes. 

The  conditions  and  forms  of  the  marriage 
contract  are  various  only  in  the  inferior 
details — the  general  tenour  of  them  being 
that  a  man  procures  a  woman  from  her 
father  as  a  purchase,  and  acquires  in  her  a 
property  over  which  he  has  the  control  of 
a  master.  Some  restrictions,  however,  are 
laid  upon  the  intercourse  of  the  sexes. 
Marriage  cannot  be  contracted  among  any 
of  the  tribes  which  originally  dwelt  east  of 
the  Mississippi,  or  indeed  anywhere  be- 
tween kindred  of  a  certain  degree.  The 
Iroquois  warrior  may  choose  a  partner 
from  the  same  tribe,  but  not  the  same 
cabin,  or  group  of  wigwams.  For  it  is  to 
bo  recollected  that,  among  the  tribes,  espe- 
cially of  the  Algonquin  race,  the  whole 
family,  or  clan  of  several  families,  dwell 
together,  bearing  a  common  designation. 
One  of  that  nation  must  look  for  a  wife 
beyond  those  who  bear  the  same  token  or 
family  symbol.  The  Cherokee  would  marry 
at  once  a  mother  and  her  daughter,  but 
never  a  woman  of  his  own  immediate 
kindred.  The  Indians  of  the  Fied  River 
frequently  take  two  or  more  sisters  to  wife 
at  once. 

The  manners  of  the  Algonquin  race  are 
generally  similar.  The  young  man  de- 
siring a  wife  offers  a  gift — or,  if  he  be 
poor,  his  friends  do  it  for  him — to  the  girl's 
father.  If  this  be  accepted,  the  marriage 
is  complete.  He  goes  to  dwell  in  the 
woman's  house  for  a  year,  surrendering  the 
gains  of  one  hunting  season  to  her  family, 
and  then  taking  her  away  to  a  wigwam  of 
his  own. 

The  contract  is,  with  all  the  other  tribes, 
usually  made  with  the  girl's  father  ;  she  is 
virtually  bought  and  sold.  In  many  cases 
she  is  never  consulted  at  all,  and  the  Aviiole 
is  a  mere  mercenary  transaction.  Instances 
do  occur,  also,  where  the  parties  approach 
each  other,  express  mutual  affection,  make 
arrangements,  and  swear  vows,  sacred  and 
inviolable  as  vows  can  be;  but  the  mar- 
riage is  never  consummated  without  jiay- 
ment  to  the  ))ride's  father.  In  the  interior 
of  Oregon  the  permission  of  the  chief  is 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


87 


iirst  asked,  then  the  approval  of  the  pa- 
rents, then  the  assent  of  the  girl;  but  if 
she  object,  her  decision  is  conclusive.  If 
she  consent,  the  man  gives  from  one  to  five 
horses  to  her  iather  ;  thej  have  a  feast,  and 
the  ceiemony  is  complete.  Espousals  often 
take  place  during  infancy,  but  neither  is 
absolutely  bound  by  this  engagement.  The 
influence  of  the  parents  is,  however,  so 
powerful,  that  their  will  is  seldom  or  never 
resisted;  so  that  a  bargain  is  often  con- 
cluded, and  a  price  paid;  while  the  girl  is 
a  child.  Occasionally  the  female  courts 
the  male — that  is,  proposes  to  become  his 
squaw,  and  promises  to  be  faithful,  good- 
tempered,  and  obedient,  if  he  will  take  her 
to  his  hut.  He  seldom  refuses,  for  poly- 
gamy is  permitted,  and  a  husband  may  in 
this  region  put  away  his  wife  when  he 
pleases.  He  usually  allows  each  to  have  a 
separate  fire. 

The  missionaries  in  Oregon  have  had 
some  success,  and  have  displayed  more 
prudence  than  some  of  their  brethren  of 
the  same  profession  in  the  island  of  Tahiti. 
Men  who  had  a  plurality  of  wives  were 
required,  on  their  conversion,  to  maintain 
them ;  while  those  who  had  only  one  were 
forbidden  to  take  more. 

On  the  Red  River,  when  a  young  man 
desires  a  girl  as  wife,  he  addresses  her 
father,  and,  if  accepted  by  him,  dwells  in 
his  wigwam  for  a  year — as  among  the 
Algonquins — and  then  takes  her  home. 
This  is  only  observed  with  the  first;  he 
adds  to  the  number,  if  he  is  wealthy,  as 
fast  as  he  can.  Few  of  the  women  are 
thus  left  single,  and  scarcely  any  common 
prostitutes  are  found.  Some  will  occasion- 
ally bear  children  before  marriage ;  and 
the  zeal  of  the  missionary  West  was  dis- 
played in  somewhat  of  a  fanatical  spirit 
by  his  refusing  to  baptize  a  child  not  born 
in  formal  wedlock.  We  may,  however, 
forgive  this  eccentric  spirit  for  the  motive 
which  created  it;  and  must  admit  that, 
as  Sir  George  Simpson  bears  witness,  the 
Indians  of  Oregon  are  vastly  reformed,  and 
chiefly  by  missionary  influence. 

Among  the  curious  customs  preceding 
marriage  in  other  parts  of  North  America, 
is  that  of  the  lover  going  at  midnight  into 
the  tent  of  the  woman  he  desires,  and, 
lighting  a  splinter  of  wood,  holding  it  to 
her  face.  If  she  wake  and  leave  the  torch 
burning,  it  is  a  sign  for  him  to  be  gone  ; 
if  she  blow  it,  he  is  accepted,  and  we  are 
told  that  this  frequently  leads  to  immoral 
intercourse.  Catlin  knew  a  young  chief  of 
the  Mandans  on  the  Upper  Missouri,  who 
took  four  wives  in  one  day,  paying  for  each 
a  horse  or  two.     They  were  from  twelve  to 


fifteen  years  old,  and  sat  happily  in  his 
wigwam,  perfectly  contented  to  dwell  under 
his  commands.  He  was  applauded  for  the 
act.  This  extreme  youth  in  the  bride  is 
common  among  the  tribes  ;  children  pass 
from  infancy  to  womanhood  by  a  single 
bound — v;e  are  assured,  on  good  testimony, 
that  mothers  twelve  years  of  age  are  not 
unfrequent.  The  youths  are  led  by  pre- 
cept and  example  to  adopt  marriage  ; 
celibacy  beyond  the  age  of  pubei  ty  being 
very  rare,  especially  in  those  communities 
which  have  come  into  familiar  contact  with 
Europeans.  It  appears  indeed  that  this 
plan  is  resorted  to  by  the  men  to  secure 
virgins  as  their  wives,  for  among  few  bar- 
barous nations  is  the  chastity  of  unmarried 
woman  safe  very  long  after  she  has  reached 
a  marriageable  age.  To  have  no  husband 
is  esteemed  by  the  females  a  misfortune 
and  a  disgrace,  while  to  have  no  wife  en- 
tails great  discomfort  on  a  man. 

It  has  already  been  ehown  that,  when 
married,  the  woman  becomes  her  husband's 
servitor  ;  that  she  is,  in  many  cases,  the 
humiliated  drudge,  in  all,  the  humble  at- 
tendant on  her  master  ;  that  she  waits  on 
him  in  submissive  silence  while  he  eats, 
and  approaches  him  with  the  deference  due 
from  an  inferior  to  a  superior  being.  Those, 
who  infer, however, from  these  circumstances 
that  the  sentiments  of  conjugal,  filial,  and 
parental  affection  are  unknown  to  the 
Indian  race,  think  erroneously  of  them. 
Strong  and  tender  attachments  continually 
spring  up  between  the  sexes.  The  lover 
sings  of  the  girl  he  has  chosen,  and  takes 
her  home  with  the  delight  of  gratified 
aff'ection.  The  husband,  too,  when  he  de- 
volves upon  his  wife  all  the  labours  of  the 
wigwam,  is  no  more  conscious  that  he  is 
using  her  harshly  than  she  is  that  she  oc- 
cupies an  unnatural  position.  Ideas  and 
sentiments  are  often  no  more  than  things 
of  habit,  and  with  the  Indian  chief  strong 
love  is  not  inconsistent  with  his  walking  in 
lordly  indolence  along  the  forest  path  while 
she  is  bearing  the  heavy  wigwam  poles 
behind.  Heckewelder  relates  a  singular 
instance  of  indulgence,  which,  it  must  be 
confessed,  is  rare  among  the  barbarians  of 
North  America.  There  was  a  scarcity  in 
the  district  inhabited  by  a  certain  tribe, 
and  an  Indian  woman,  being  sick,  expressed 
a  strong  desire  for  a  mess  of  Indian  corn. 
Her  husband  having  been  told  that  a  trader 
at  Lower  Sandarsky  had  a  little,  set  off"  on 
horseback  for  that  place,  a  hundred  miles 
distant,  gave  his  steed  in  exchange  for  a 
hatful  of  grain,  returned  home  on  foot,  and 
gratified  his  wife  by  the  treat  he  had  thus 
procured.     It  is  seldom  that  the  most  po- 


88 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


lished  society  presents  a  similar  instance  of 
kindliness.  Many  pictures  of  domestic  hap- 
piness are  exhibited  among  the  Indians. 
The  Blackfeet,  Sanee,  and  Blood  Indians, 
reckon  it  among  their  chief  desires  that 
their  wives  may  live  long  and  look  young. 
Smoke  sometimes  rises  for  forty  years  fiom 
the  same  hearth,  with  one  couple  presiding 
over  it.  On  the  other  hand,  the  husband's 
infidelity  or  harshness  sometimes  drives  his 
wife  to  suicide,  for  the  woman  has  no  pro- 
tector. The  life  of  hardship  they  lead 
soon  strips  them  of  all  their  personal 
beauty,  when  they  are  entirely  consigned  to 
toil.  In  spite  of  this,  they  are  well  fed, 
healthy,  and  robust,  unlike  the  women  of 
Australia  who  are  stinted  in  food,  and  often 
deformed  or  crippled  by  the  severity  of  their 
labour.  Nature  has  been  very  indulgent  to 
them.  Scarcely  any  have  more  than  five, 
and  few  more  than  three  children.  Easy 
travail  takes  away  one  affliction  from  their 
lot.  The  pains  of  delivery  are  seldom  pro- 
longed for  more  than  a  quarter  of  an  hour, 
and  she  who  groans  under  the  acutest  pang 
is  prophesied,  with  a  taunt,  to  be  the  mo- 
ther of  cowards.  Death,  however,  occa- 
sionally ensues.  The  Indian  mother  loves 
.her  children  dearly,  never  trusting  it  to  a 
hireling  nurse — which  indeed  could  not  be 
found  ;  for  no  woman  would  put  away  her 
own  infant  to  suckle  another's.  Bearing  the 
cradle  on  her  back  she  performs  her  daily 
task,  and  if  she  die  the  nursling  is  laid 
in  her  grave.  One  curious  and  beautiful 
custom  is  that  of  carrying  the  cradle  of  a 
dead  nursling  child  for  a  whole  year,  and 
all  are  familiar  with  the  story  of  the  Cana- 
dian mother  bedewing  the  grave  of  her 
child  with  milk  from  her  bosom.  Infanti- 
cide is  a  rare  and  secret  crime,  not  by  any 
means  to  be  enumerated  among  the  charac- 
teristics of  their  manners. 

Marriage  among  the  North-American 
Indians  is  contracted  for  the  happiness 
and  comfort  of  the  man.  He  is  bound  to 
live  with  his  wife  only  so  long  as  these 
are  enjoyed.  Adultery,  indolence,  intem- 
perance, and  sterility  are  among  the  causes 
of  divorce.  It  takes  place  without  formality 
by  simple  separation  or  desertion  ;  and 
where  there  are  no  children  is  very 
easy,  Tlieir  offspring  forms  their  mot^t 
powerful  bond  ;  for,  where  the  mother  is 
discarded,  the  unwritten  law  of  the  red 
man  allows  her  to  keep  the  children 
whom  she  has  borne  or  nursed.  The  hus- 
band detecting  his  wife  in  adultery  may 
cut  off  her  nose,  or  take  off  part  of  her 
scalp.  He  sometimes  kills  her  with  her 
pai amour  at  once;  and  the  only  blame 
attached   to  him  on   the   occasion  is,  de- 


scending from  his  dignity  to'  feel  so 
strongly  the  loss  of  one  woman,  when 
another  may  easily  be  procured  to  supj^ly 
her  place. 

The  idea  of  chastity  as  a  positive  virtue 
is  but  feebly  developed  among  them.  With 
the  men,  indeed,  it  is  a  Spartan  quality, 
as  opp(jsed  to  effeminacy ;  otherwise,  the 
promiscuous  sleeping  of  whole  families  in 
the  same  chamber,  with  various  other  cir- 
cumstances, would  tend  much  to  immo- 
rality. Nevertheless,  among  some  tribes, 
as  that  of  the  Mandans,  the  women  are 
delicate  and  modest;  and  in  the  wigwams 
of  the  respectable  families  virtue  is  as 
cheri:^hed,  and  as  unapproachable,  as  any- 
where in  the  world.  Generally  the  Indians 
are  decent,  and,  with  the  exception  of 
those  customs  which  form  the  basis  of 
their  manners,  and  result  directly  from 
their  national  character,  might  be  won 
over  without  difiSculty  to  the  amenities  of 
civilized  life.  Many  of  the  squaws,  of 
course,  in  North  America,  as  elsewhere, 
are  immodest,  and  seek  occasion  to  engage 
in  an  intrigue.  With  the  unmarried  girls 
the  same  is  the  case.  A  bastard  child 
may  be  born  without  entailing  great  shame 
upon  its  mother,  though  the  seducer  is 
greatly  despised;  but  such  an  occurrence 
is  rare,  not  altogether,  however,  because 
the  females  are  too  chaste,  but  because 
they  are  too  cautious,  and  employ  means 
to  procure  abortion.  This  practice  is  some- 
times resorted  to  by  the  squaws,  though 
discountenanced  by  the  men,  except  when 
they  are  on  the  march,  or  hotly  pressed 
by  an  enemy. 

From  a  notice  of  their  punishments  in 
Hunter's  narrative  of  his  captivity,  it 
would  appear  that  the  last  act  of  de- 
pravity is  not  unknown  among  the  Indians. 
Adultery,  he  tells  us,  where  not  perpe- 
trated by  the  husband's  consent,  is  pu- 
nishable with  divorce.  We  might  doubt 
the  testimony  of  this  writer,  but  that 
Wilkes  found  Indians  in  the  far  north, 
within  the  range  of  the  Hudson's  Bay 
territories,  who  would  gamble  away  their 
wives,  and  prostitute  them  for  money. 
These  men  he  believed  to  be  degraded 
fiom  their  original  condition,  but  various 
authors  speak  of  a  similar  practice.  Carver 
relates  that,  among  the  Manedowessis,  it 
was  a  custom  when  a  young  woman  could 
not  get  a  husband,  for  her  to  assemble  all 
the  chief  warriors  of  the  tribe  in  a  spacious 
wigwam,  to  give  them  a  feast,  and  then, 
retiring  behind  a  screen,  to  prostitute  her- 
self to  each  in  succession.  This  gained  her 
great  applause,  and  always  insured  her  a 
husband.     It  was,  however,  nearly  obsolete 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


89 


when  he  wrote,  and  appears  now  to  be 
altogether  extinct. 

Many  of  the  Europeans  dwelling  on  the 
Red  River  were  accustomed  to  take  concu- 
bines during  the  period  of  their  residence 
there.  The  Indians,  who  are  civilized,  as 
it  is  called,  in  the  provinces  of  Nova  Scotia, 
New  Brunswick,  and  Canada,  have  thus 
learned  also  the  worst  vices  of  Europe. 
Maclean,  a  very  recent  writer,  declares 
that  the  Christianized  tribes  in  the  Hud- 
son's Bay  territories  have  been  deteriorated 
by  intercourse  with  the  whites,  become 
drunken,  sensual,  and  depraved.  The  ve- 
nereal disease  commits  frightful  ravages 
among  them.  Most  of  their  diseases  arise 
from  excess  of  one  kind  or  another.  He 
says  that  the  men  employed  by  the  Com- 
pany are  chiefly  reconciled  to  their  hard 
employment  and  poor  remuneration  by  the 
immorality  of  the  women,  of  whom  large 
numbers  follow  the  occupation  of  prosti- 
tutes, and  sell  themselves  for  the  vilest 
price.  On  the  north-west  coast,  chastity 
is  scarcely  even  a  name ;  indeed,  there  is  no 
word  in  the  language  of  the  people  to 
express  that  idea.  The  sea  tribes  are,  in- 
deed, in  all  cases,  the  most  licentious  ; 
which  appears  to  justify  the  remark,  that 
intercourse  with  a  strange  unsettled  popu- 
lation has  demoralized  them. 

At  some  parts  of  the  coast  where  the 
trading  ships  touch  for  supplies,  hundreds 
of  women  come  down,  and,  by  an  indecent 
display  of  their  persons,  endeavour  to  ob- 
tain permission  to  go  on  board.  When  Sir 
George  Simpson  arrived  at  one  of  these 
ports  a  man  asked  for  the  captain's  wife, 
and  oflfered  his  own  in  exchange.  In  that 
part  of  the  country  the  tyranny  over  the 
female  sex  is  even  more  severe  than  in  the 
interior.  When  a  man  takes  a  wife,  he 
purchases  her  as  his  perpetual  property ; 
and  if  they  separate,  whether  from  an 
offence  of  hers  or  his,  she  must  never  marry 
again.  She  usually  takes  to  clandestine 
prostitution  as  a  means  of  living.  But 
such  instances  as  the  foregoing  are  not 
confined  to  the  coast.  In  the  interior  the 
traveller  may  observe,  wherever  a  large 
concourse  of  Indians  is  assembled,  a  num- 
ber of  beautiful  and  voluptuous-looking 
women  continually  mixing  in  the  throng, 
and  throwing  their  glances  upon  stranger^, 
or  the  single  young  men  of  the  tribe. 
The  Indians  have  now  been  removed  to 
a  territory  beyond  the  Mississippi;  and 
it  is  probable  their  corruption  will  ra- 
pidly increase  in  proportion  to  their  con- 
gregation. 

One  peculiar  feature  of  the  system,  in- 
troduced of  course  since  Europeans  visited 


the  country,  remains  to  be  noticed.  Many 
of  the  white  traders,  among  the  tribes  of 
the  Upper  Missouri,  find  it  good  policy  to 
connect  themselves  by  marriage  with  power- 
ful families,  and  they  procure  then  the  most 
beautiful  girls  of  the  noblest  tribes,  who 
aspire  with  delight  to  such  a  station,  which 
usually  elevates  them  above  their  servile 
occupations  to  a  life  of  indolence,  ease,  and 
pleasure.  These  engagements,  however, 
are  scarcely  marriages — at  least  in  the 
European  sense  of  the  term — ceremonies  of 
any  kind  being  seldom  performed.  A  large 
price  in  Indian  estimation  is  paid  for  the 
girl,  and  she  is  transferred  at  once  to  the 
trader's  house ;  with  equal  facility  he  may 
annul  the  contract,  leaving  his  companion 
to  be  candidate  for  another  mate,  for  which 
her  father  is  not  sorry,  as  he  may  procure 
an  additional  horse  again  in  exchange  for 
her:  this  is  no  more  than  a  system  of  virtual 
prostitution,  in  which  the  woman  is  hired 
out  as  a  temporary  companion,  merely  for 
the  pecuniary  gain.  The  trader  may  pro- 
cure the  handsomest  girl  in  the  tribe  for 
two  horses  ;  for  a  gun  with  a  supply  of 
powder  and  ball ;  for  five  or  six  pounds  of 
beads;  for  a  couple  of  gallons  of  whiskey; 
or  a  handful  of  awls.  Such  is  the  price  at 
which  the  Indian  chief  will  prostitute  his 
daughter.  Occasionally,  it  must  be  added, 
the  couple  thus  united  live  together  per- 
manently as  man  and  wife,  the  possibility 
of  which  is,  indeed,  almost  always  sup- 
posed. 

The  Indians  of  New  Caledonia,  though 
not  belonging  to  the  same  stock  with  the 
red  race  of  North  America,  may  be  noticed 
here:  they  are  extremely  profligate;  the 
venereal  disease  is  common  among  them; 
and  the  blessing  of  a  healthy  climate  is 
rendered  nugatory  by  the  intemperance  of 
the  people.  Among  them,  nevertheless, 
women  are  held  in  more  estimation  than 
among  the  red  tribes,  for  the  men  are  not 
possessed  by  that  sense  of  lordly  dignity 
which  disdains  at  once  to  become  sensual, 
and  to  share  the  labours  of  the  inferior  sex. 
Women  assist  in  the  councils,  and  those  of 
high  rank  are  even  admitted  to  the  feasts. 
During  the  fishing  season  each  sex  is  equally 
employed,  and  so  in  all  their  other  tasks. 
Lewdness  could  not  be  carried  to  greater 
excess  than  it  is  among  them :  both  men 
and  women  are  addicted  to  the  vilest  crimes ; 
they  abandon  themselves  in  youth  to  the 
indulgence  of  their  most  unbridled  lust, 
and  the  country  owes  its  rapid  decrease  of 
population  to  the  universal  depravity  of  the 
people.  No  man  marries  until  his  animal 
appetite  is  satiated  upon  the  voluntary 
prostitutes  who  abound,  and  then  his  wife, 


90 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


if  dissatisfied  with  the  restraints  of  matri- 
mony, may  refuse  to  dwell  with  him  ;  the 
union  is  consequently  broken  by  mutual 
consent,  for  a  certain  time  or  for  ever. 
Meanwhile  they  addict  themselves  to  their 
former  pleasures,  but  the  woman  is  nomi- 
nally prohibited,  by  law,  under  pain  of 
death,  from  cohabiting  with  any  man  during 
this  period  of  separation  from  her  husband ; 
he  seldom  cares,  however,  to  enforce  his 
right,  and  she  seldom  fails  to  break  the  law. 
Polygamy  is  allowed,  but  only  one  woman 
is  actually  a  wife — the  rest  are  mere  con- 
cubines ;  the  chief  one  may  be  supplanted 
by  a  new  favourite,  when  the  old  one  yields 
without  a  murmur,  though  occasionally  a 
woman  of  violent  passions  will  destroy  her- 
self. 

To  illustrate  the  general  subject  of  the 
condition  of  women  among  the  North- 
American  Indians,  we  may  notice  an  inci- 
dent described  by  the  observant  traveller 
Catlin.  When,  among  the  Sioux,  he  pro- 
posed to  paint  the  portrait  of  a  woman, 
his  condescension  was  regarded  by  the 
warriors  of  the  community  first  as  incre- 
dible and  then  as  ridiculous.  It  appeared 
marvellous  that  he  should  think  of  con- 
ferring on  the  females  the  same  honour 
he  had  conferred  on  the  medicine  men 
and  braves  ;  those  whom  he  selected  were 
laughed  at  by  hundreds  of  others  who  were, 
nevertheless,  jealous  of  the  distinction.  The 
men  who  had  been  painted  said  that  if 
the  artist  was  going  to  paint  women  and 
children  the  sooner  he  destroyed  their  por- 
traits the  better;  the  women  had  never 
taken  scalps,  never  done  anything  but 
make  fires  and  dress,  with  other  occu- 
pations equally  servile:  at  length,  he  ex- 
plained that  the  portraits  of  the  men  were 
wanted  to  show  the  chiefs  of  the  white 
nation  who  were  great  and  worthy  among 
the  Sioux  nation,  while  the  women  were 
only  wanted  to  show  how  they  looked  and 
how  they  dressed :  by  this  means  he  attained 
his  object.  Mr.  Catlin  considers  that,  on 
the  whole,  the  Old  World  has  no  superior 
morality  or  virtue  to  hold  up  as  an  example 
to  the  American  Indian  races.  The  degra- 
dation of  the  women,  however,  is  denied  by 
none,  though  a  woman  of  superior  courage 
or  contrivance  sometimes  places  herself 
above  the  degrading  laws  which  depress 
the  rest  of  her  sex.  Thus  one  whom  Catlin 
saAv  joined  boldly  in  a  dance  —  though 
females  are  only  allowed  to  join  in  a  few 
of  these — played  ofi"  great  feats  before  the 
warriors,  and  for  her  audacity  no  less  than 
for  her  skill  was  greeted  with  thundering 
peals  of  applause,  besides  a  pile  of  gifts  *. 

*  See  Bancroft's  History  of  tlic  United  States  ; 


Of  Prostitution  among  the  Indians  of 
South  America. 

The  plan  and  purpose  of  this  inquiry  vrill 
by  this  time  have  become  obvious  to  every 
reader.  It  is  to  afibrd  a  comparative  view 
of  the  state  of  manners  throughout  the 
world,  with  reference  to  public  morals,  the 
condition  and  the  character  of  the  female 
sex.  We  have  chosen  to  treat  of  the  bar- 
barians in  a  separate  division  of  the  in- 
quiry, and  for  this  reason  have  left  a  large 
portion  of  Africa,  and  by  far  the  greatest 
portion  of  North  America,  for  future  p;;ges. 
With  respect  to  South  America,  its  various 
states  will  be  classed  among  those  half-bar- 
barous communities,  which  we  shall  take 
as  the  link  between  the  savage  and  the 
civilized  portions  of  the  globe ;  for,  in  spite 
of  the  dreams  in  which  some  romantic  tra- 
vellers have  indulged,  Lima  is  only  fit  to 
be  compared  with  Algiers,  and  Brazil  with 
Morocco.  Leaving,  therefore,  these  half-caste 
societies,  as  we  shall  next  turn  to  them  in  a 
separate  notice,  we  may  briefly  treat  of  the 
Indian  race  which  still,  though  in  numbers 
awfully  reduced,  clings  to  its  native  soil  in 
South  America. 

A  very  brief  description  will  suffice. 
Remembering  the  difference  of  character 
between  the  Indian  of  the  North  and  the 
Indian  of  the  South,  we  may,  in  most  re- 
spects, apply  our  last  notices  to  the  present 
subject.  The  barbarians  ^vith  whom  we 
have  now  to  deal  are  not  possessed  b}'  that 
rigid  masculine  vanity  which  inspires  them 
with  a  contempt  not  only  of  the  female 
sex,  but  of  the  pleasures  they  furnish  to 
men  of  more  sensual  temperaments  and 
more  effeminate  mould.  They  have  less 
pride,  but  not  more  manliness  than  the 
Indians  of  the  Red  Race.  There  is  no 
comparison,  in  point  of  mental  and  moral 
character,  between  the  savage  of  the  Bra- 
zilian forest  and  the  stately  Huron  or 
Iroquois,  or  the  warrior  of  the  Algon- 
quin race. 

Two  classes  of  Indians  exist  in   South 

Cntlin's  Eight  Years'  Travels  ;  Carver's  Travels 
in  North  America  ;  Wilkes's  United  States'  Ex- 
ploring Expedition  ;  Mackenzie's  Memoirs, 
Official  and  Personal  ;  West's  Kesidence  in  the 
Red  River  Colony ;  West's  Mission  to  the 
Indians  of  New  Brunswick;  Hunters  Memoirs 
of  his  Captivity;  Drake's  Book  of  the  Indians; 
Halkett's  Historical  Notes;  Buchanan's  Sketches 
of  History;  Sir  James  Alexander's  Acadie  ; 
Maclean's  Twenty-Five  Years'  Service  in  Hudson's 
Bay  ;  Sir  George  Simpson's  Voyage  round  the 
World;  Robertson's  History  of  America; 
Robertson's  History  of  Missions  to  the  Indians; 
Cleveland's  Voyages  and  Enterprises. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


91 


1 


America — the  pure  native,  and  the  breed 
corrupted  by  intercourse  with  Europeans, 
half-castes,  and  the  rest  of  that  variety  of 
colours  which  have  been  produced  between 
the  white  and  the  original  tenant  of  the 
soil.  The  first  is  now  an  exceedingly  small 
family,  and  some  accounts  have  repre- 
sented it  as  eminent  for  virtue  and  simpli- 
city. We  know  that  romantic  pictures 
have  been  drawn  of  the  golden  days  when 
Montezuma  reigned  in  the  Valley  of  Mexico, 
and  gave  laws  to  the  free  population  of 
the  country  ;  but  sober  research  has  dissi- 
pated the  idea  that  he  was  the  governor  of 
a  civilized  and  polished  nation.  Superior, 
indeed,  the  Mexicans  were  to  the  savages 
who  occupied  so  large  a  portion  of  the 
New  World,  but  they  were  deficient  in 
many  of  the  arts,  and  gross  in  many  of  the 
manners  which  assist  in  comparing  the 
standard  of  a  people's  progress.  This  much 
has  been  ascertained,  though  it  is  little. 
At  the  present  day,  the  great  character- 
istics of  the  barbarian  state  are  strongly 
exhibited  in  this  as  in  other  parts  of  South 
America.  The  miserable  remnant  of  the 
Indian  race  grows  yearly  moro  debased, 
learning  little  from  its  European  preceptors 
except  profligacy  and  the  coarsest  arts  of 
vice.  Throughout  the  region  women  are 
degraded.  The  men  generally  sleep  and 
lounge,  or  occupy  themselves  with  easy 
tasks,  but  more  from  indolence  than  pride, 
while  the  women  perform  the  labours  of 
the  house  and  of  the  field.  Such  is  almost 
the  universal  practice  of  Indian  manners  in 
South  America.  Instances  of  the  contrary, 
indeed,  there  are.  King  found  among  the 
Chedirrione  tribes  of  the  Argentine  Re- 
public, a  primitive  state  of  society,  no  less 
innocent  than  simple.  The  women  were 
modest,  the  men  kind  to  them,  and  labour 
was  justly  shared.  All  property  was  in 
common,  and  the  members  of  the  commu- 
nity lived  in  perfect  brotherhood.  This, 
however,  is  only  one  cheerful  spot  upon  the 
surface  of  South-American  manners.  In 
the  Central  Region  the  females  are  de- 
graded, and  chastity  a  rare  virtue.  Wo- 
men may  bear  children  before  marriage 
without  shame,  and  the  intercourse  of  the 
sexes  is  unrestrained. 

Among  the  Indians  of  Brazil  a  curious 
system  of  manners  existed  before  the  esta- 
blishment of  European  power,  and  many 
traces  of  it  still  exist.  No  man  might 
marry  until  he  had  killed  an  enemy. 
When  a  girl  reached  the  age  of  puberty 
her  hair  was  cut  off,  her  back  tattooed,  and 
she  wore  a  necklace*  of  the  teeth  of  wild 
beasts  until  her  hair  grew  again.  Bands 
of  cotton  were   fastened   about  her  waist 


and  the  fleshy  parts  of  her  arms,  to  signify 
her  maidenhood.  It  was  said  that  if  any 
but  a  pure  virgin  wore  these  emblems,  the 
evil  spirit  would  bear  her  away  ;  but  the 
national  belief  was  not  sufliciently  strong 
to  render  this  a  defence  of  chastity,  for  it 
was  lost  without  reproach  or  fear,  and  in- 
continence was  regarded  as  no  offence. 
Sleeping  in  crowds,  in  large  common  dor- 
mitories produced  a  pernicious  effect  on 
the  people,  destroyed  all  ideas  of  decency, 
and  caused  universal  lewdness.  When  a 
man  tired  of  his  wife,  he  put  her  away  and 
took  another  ;  indeed,  as  many  as  he 
pleased.  Although  unrestrained  polygamy 
was  allowed,  the  first  wife,  however,  conti- 
nued to  enjoy  some  privileges,  as  having  a 
separate  berth  to  sleep  in,  and  a  separate 
plot  of  ground  to  cultivate  for  her  own 
use.  Nevertheless  she  was  bitterly  jealous 
of  those  who  supplanted  her,  and  fre- 
quently, when  altogether  neglected  by  her 
husband,  abandoned  herself  altogether  to 
vice,  and  became  a  clandestine  prostitute 
to  any  of  the  young  men  who  would  flatter 
or  pay  her  for  the  favour. 

Being  regarded,  more  or  less,  as  pro- 
perty, a  man's  wives  formed  part  of  his 
estate,  and  were  bequeathed  on  his  death 
to  his  brother  or  nearest  kinsman.  The 
women  thus  procured  were  seldom  treiited 
with  any  delicacy  or  consideration,  yet 
they  found  sources  of  happiness,  and  were 
often  lively  and  gay  to  the  last  degree. 
When  utterly  miserable  the  female  sex 
does  not  delight  to  clothe  itself  in  gaudy 
attire,  or  adorn  itself  with  sparkling  trin- 
kets, as  in  Brazil,  where  masculine  vanity 
ran  so  high  that  it  declared  certain  orna- 
ments to  be  the  exclusive  privilege  of 
men. 

In  the  neighbouring  regions  there  was 
some  variety  among  the  different  tribes. 
The  Tyrinambas  used  their  women  fairly, 
though  they  somewhat  overloaded  them 
with  employment.  They  were,  however, 
generally  happy,  and  were  principally  em- 
ployed in  spinning  and  weaving — for  the 
industrial  arts  had  reached  that  stage 
among  them.  They  also  cultivated  the 
ground.  On  this  subject  a  curious  and  not 
unpoetical  idea  prevailed  among  some  of 
the  Indians  of  South  America.  It  was, 
that  as  females  only  bore  children,  so  the 
grain  planted  by  their  hands  would  fruc- 
tify in  a  more  plentiful  increase  than  that 
sown  by  men.  Female  porters,  also,  formed 
a  considerable  class. 

In  Paraguay  the  wars  that  spread  havoc 
among  the  miserable  people  gave  rise  to 
a  flagitious  custom,  which  destroyed  the 
population  more  rapidly  than  pestilence  or 


92 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


the  sword.  No  woman  ever  reared  more 
than  one  child.  The  difficulty  of  sub- 
sistence was  one  cause  which  induced 
this  custom.  The  practice  of  producing 
abortion  was  adopted  in  preference  to 
infanticide,  since  it  inflicted  a  less  violent 
shock  on  the  natural  feelings  of  the  wo- 
man. Remonstrated  with  upon  the  horror 
of  the  crime,  one  mother  replied  that  an 
infant  was  a  great  incumbrance,  that  par- 
turition took  away  from  the  grace  of  the 
figure,  rendering  her  less  attractive  to  the 
men,  and  moreover  that  abortion  was  easier 
than  delivery.  The  manner  of  procuring 
it  was  singular.  The  woman  lay  down 
on  her  back,  and  was  beaten  by  two  aged 
crones  till  the  result  was  certain.  Many 
died  in  consequence  of  this  barbarous  pro- 
cess, while  others  contracted  a  disease  which 
afflicted  them  through  life.  Men  and  wo- 
men were  equally  debauched.  Their  grega- 
rious habits  afforded  unlimited  opportuni- 
ties for  intrigue,  and  husbands  cared  little 
to  whom  their  wives  prostituted  themselves, 
though  they  regarded  them  as  absolute 
property,  branding  them  on  the  thigh  or 
bosom  with  a  hot  iron  as  they  did  their 
horses.  One  peculiar  custom  obtained 
among  them  —  the  married  spoke  in  a 
dialect  different  from  that  employed  by  the 
unmarried  people. 

Contrasted  with  this  community  was 
the  Abifrone,  a  tribe  inhabiting  the  same 
region,  more  long-lived,  healthy,  and 
numerous,  because  they  were  temperate 
and  chaste.  Morality  was  characteristic 
of  them,  and  prudence  also.  The  men 
seldom  or  never  married  before  the  age  of 
thirty,  or  the  women  before  that  of 
twenty,  and  were  usually  continent 
before  contracting  that  engagement. 
A  wife  was  purchased  from  her  parents, 
and  was  entirely  at  their  disposal,  unless 
bold  enough  to  run  away.  There  was 
some  poetry  in  the  rite  of  marriage.  If 
the  suit  was  accepted,  eight  maidens  car- 
ried a  canopy  of  fine  tissue  over  the  bride, 
who  walked  in  silence,  and  with  downcast 
eyes,  to  her  husband's  tent.  There  he 
received  her  with  signs  of  love  ;  she  then 
returned,  bearing  the  few  domestic  articles 
necessary  to  their  simple  mode  of  life,  and 
her  new  master  dwelt  in  her  father's  house 
with  her  until  she  had  borne  a  child,  or  he 
had  sufficiently  proved  his  affection  towards 
her.  Women  were  obliged  to  suckle  their 
children  for  three  years,  and  forbidden  to 
hold  connubial  intercourse  during  that 
period.  This  induced  the  practice  of  pro- 
curing abortion,  for  the  wife  feared  her 
husband  would  forget  and  abandon  her 
after  the  long  interval.     Depopulation  was 


thus  caused.  Infanticide,  also,  was  prac- 
tised, but  the  boys  were  selected  as  victims 
rather  than  the  girls,  who  were  valuable  to 
their  parents.  The  intercourse  of  the  sexes 
before  marriage  was  rigidly  watched  ;  the 
maidens  were  educated  in  habits  of  in- 
dustry, and  taught  to  prize  their  virtue. 
When  the  missionaries  came  amono;  tliem 
preaching  against  polygamy  and  divorce, 
the  women  of  this  tribe  were  eager 
listeners. 

Transferring  our  attention  to  another  part 
of  the  South-American  Continent,  we  find 
among  the  Sambos  of  the  Mosquito  Shore 
some  curious  customs.  They  are  not  of  the 
Indian  race,  but  closely  allied  with  them 
in  their  social  habits  :  when  a  man  com- 
mits adultery  the  injured  husband  shoots  a 
beeve,  takes  a  horse,  or  carries  off  some- 
thing of  value,  no  matter  to  whom  it  may 
belong,  and  the  proprietor  must  obtain 
restitution  from  the  adulterer.  Polygamy 
is  practised  among  them,  but  one  wife  is 
superior  to  the  rest ;  they  marry  very  young ; 
the  Indians  of  the  same  country  have  a 
plurality  of  wives,  but  each  must  have  a 
separate  hut;  if  the  husband  makes  a 
present  to  one,  he  must  make  one  of  equal 
value  to  each  of  the  others,  and  he  must 
spend  his  time  with  them  equally,  week  by 
week. 

In  Venezuela,  among  the  native  tribes, 
marriage  is  frequently  dispensed  with  alto- 
gether, and  cohabitation  takes  place  for  a 
temporary  period,  or  permanently,  as  the 
sentiments  of  the  man  may  incline.  This 
is  the  case  even  among  the  Christianized 
people,  but  no  blame  can  be  attached  to 
them,  poor  as  they  are  ;  for  the  priests, 
grasping  everywhere,  charge  such  high 
fees,  that  marriage  is  a  privilege  of  the 
rich. 

The  same  characteristics  prevail  all  over 
South  America,  in  Chili,  Peru,  Mexico,  and 
among  the  Araucanian  tribes :  the  men  idle, 
the  women  labour;  and  the  national  idea  is, 
that  one  sex  is  born  to  command,  the  other 
to  obey.  The  Araucanians  carry  this  prin- 
ciple to  excess,  and  do  not  allow  their  wives 
to  eat  until  they  are  satisfied.  When  a 
man  desires  to  have  a  girl  as  his  wife,  he 
proposes  for  her  to  the  father ;  if  the  father 
consent,  the  girl,  without  being  informed  of 
the  bargain,  is  sent  out  on  some  pretended 
errand,  when  she  is  seized  by  her  purchaser 
and  carried  home  to  his  tent  or  hut.  There 
a  feast  is  prepared ;  their  friends  assemble ; 
her  price  is  paid  in  horses,  cattle,  or  money, 
and  the  ceremony  is  concluded  by  a  de- 
bauch. Immorality  umong  them  is  rather 
secret  than  recognised  ;  in  Peru  it  is  affirmed 
that,  among  the  native  Indians,  instances  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


93 


infidelity  between  man  and  wife  are  very 
rare,  for  where  polygamy  is  sanctioned  and 
regulated  by  law,  it  is  by  no  means  incon- 
sistent with  chastity. 

In  New  Andalusia  the  men  and  women 
go  all  but  naked,  wearing  only  slight  girdles, 
and  appearing  strangers  to  the  sentiment 
of  decency.  The  condition  of  the  female 
sex  is  that  of  privation  and  labour;  yet, 
though  overwhelmed  with  toil,  they  appear 
happier,  because  naturally  more  buoyant 
of  heart  than  the  squaws  of  North  America, 
Even  among  the  Indians  on  the  banks  of 
the  Xingu,  where  the  lordly  husband  lies 
all  day  in  a  hammock,  and  requires  literally 
to  be  fed  by  his  faithful  wife,  the  women 
sing,  dance,  and  seem  to  enjoy  their  lives 
most  heartily.  So,  throughout  the  whole 
region,  humiliation  and  slavery  form  their 
lot,  but  their  spirit  yields  willingly  to  the 
yoke,  which  consequently  does  not  pain 
them. 

The  regular  prostitute  class  of  South 
America  belongs  to  the  half-civilized  com- 
munities, and  will  be  noticed  in  our  refer- 
ence to  them  ^. 


Or    PilOSTITUTION    IN    THE    CiTIES    OF 

South  America. 

When  we  visit  the  semi-civilized  commu- 
nities of  South  America,  instead  of  the 
barbarian  tribes  still  running  wild  in  its 
deserts  of  forest,  the  state  of  morals  we 
discover  presents  a  contrast  by  no  means 
favourable  to  the  half-educated  States, 
where  a  hybrid  compromise  seems  to  have 
been  made  between  refinement  and  bar- 
barism. The  general  characteristic  of  South- 
American  society  is  profligacy.  Almost 
every  city  on  that  continent  is  demoralized 
and  debauched;  Brazil,  Mexico,  Peru, 
Chili,  all  present  features  very  similar,  and 
diflfering  only  in  the  inferior  details.  Pro- 
fessional prostitutes,  indiscriminate  in  their 
companionship,  form  only  a  small  parf  of 
the  system.     Immorality  takes  many  other 

Sliort  and  general  as  this  sketch  is,  the  facts 
it  contains,  or  is  based  upon,  are  drawn  from 
Dunlop's  Travels  in  Central  America ;  Captain 
Basil  Hall's  Journal ;  King's  Twenty-Four  Years 
in  the  Argentine  Republic ;  Robertson's  Letters 
on  Paraguay ;  Robertson's  Letters  on  South 
America;  Stephenson's  Incident  of  Travel  in 
Central  America;  Norman's  Rambles  in  Yucatan ; 
Waterton's  Wanderings  in  South  America; 
Southey's  History  of  Brazil ;  Young's  Residence 
on  the  Mosquito  Shore;  Gardiner's  Travels  in 
Brazil;  Hawkshaw's  Reminiscences;  Stephenson's 
Historical  and  Descriptive  Narrative;  Humboldt's 
Personal  Narrative  ;  Prince  Adalbert's  Travels  ; 
Macgregor's  Progress  of  America. 


forms.  This,  however,  we  learn  only  from, 
the  general  terms  in  which  traveller  after 
traveller  has  described  those  regions,  espe- 
pecially  the  cities.  Absolute  information 
we  have  none,  except  with  respect  to  the 
station  occupied  by  women,  and  their  moral 
demeanour  in  society.  Statistics  are  en- 
tirely wanting.  All  writers  seem  by  mu- 
tual consent  to  have  avoided  our  subject, 
and  left  us  to  conjecture  the  extent  and 
character  of  prostitution  in  Mexico,  Rio 
Janeiro,  Lima,  and  the  various  other  cities 
of  South  America. 

In  Mexico,  the  women  of  the  upper  or 
idle  classes  are  described  as  elegant,  po- 
lished, and  fascinating,  perfectly  easy  in 
society,  and  attached  above  all  things  to 
the  gaieties  of  life.  Their  morals  appear 
to  be  similar  to  those  of  the  female  sex  in 
the  older  cities  of  Spain — that  is,  there 
are  many  profligates  among  them ;  but  a 
large  number  are  well-conducted,  virtuous 
women,  not  very  timid  in  society,  but  not 
immodest.  Among  the  lower  classes  the 
average  of  Spain  may  also  be  adopted — if 
we  may  ground  an  opinion  on  the  vague 
accounts  we  receive  from  travellers. 

In  Lima,  society  is  far  more  profligate. 
The  women  are  superior  to  the  men  in 
little  more  than  afi'ection  for  their  children ; 
in  other  respects  their  general  conduct  is 
loose.  They  are  devoured  with  that  pas- 
sion for  intrigue — not  amounting  in  many 
cases  to  actual  adultery — which  has  been 
a  famous  trait  in  the  manners  of  that 
country  in  Europe  whence  South  America 
has  derived  all  its  impress  of  civilization. 
One  remark  which  is  true  of  Lima,  applies 
also  to  the  other  cities.  The  veil,  which 
in  some  countries  is  worn  as  the  guard 
of  virtue,  is  here  the  screen  of  vice.  It  is 
inviolable.  The  woman  so  draped  may 
pass  her  own  husband  unrecognised,  so 
that  she  can  play  truant  as  she  pleases. 
Two  or  three  females  of  good  station  often 
pay  visits  at  the  houses  of  strange  men, 
without  being  known.  Men  sometimes 
take  up  with  their  own  wives  in  the  streets, 
or  at  some  place  of  public  entertainment, 
or  on  the  alameda,  or  city  promenade, 
without  being  aware  who  their  compa- 
nions are. 

The  state  of  manners  indicated  by  fre- 
quent allusions  to  these  facts  is  far  from 
pure.  We  have  also  a  few  other  glimpses 
into  the  society  of  Mexico  and  Lima.  In 
the  former  there  were,  in  1842,  491  persons 
— 312  men,  and  179  women — committed  to 
prison  for  "  prostitution,  adultery,  bigamy, 
sodomy,  and  incest;"  besides  Q5  men,  and 
21  women,  for  "  rape  and  incontinence."  So 
far  for  the  capital  of  Mexico. 


94 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


In   Lima,   the   chief  city  of  Peru,  the 

number  of  illegitimate  children  annually 
born  is  about  860 ;  and  of  new-born  infants 
exposed  and  found  dead,  460.  Two-thirds 
of  the  former,  and  four-fifths  of  the  latter, 
belong  to  the  coloured  population — which 
is,  indeed,  in  a  proportionate  majority.  A 
dead  child  is  picked  up  without  any  sen- 
sation being  excited  among  the  inhabitants 
of  the  locality  in  which  it  is  found.  Fre- 
quently it  is  cast  away  unburied.  Ischudi 
has  seen  these  little  carcasses  dragged  about 
by  vultures,  in  the  public  streets. 

The  white  Creoles  are  noted  for  sen- 
suality, as  well  as  a  brutal  want  of  senti- 
ment towards  their  offspring.  The  dances 
in  which  they  indulge  are  some  of  them 
of  indescribable  obscenity,  and  the  whole 
population  is  addicted  to  demoralizing 
pleasures.  In  Lima,  however,  though  deli- 
cate modest  women  are  rare,  actual  adul- 
tery is  not  often  committed  by  that  sex. 
The  men  seem  to  obey  the  exhortation  of 
Cato,  who  encouraged  prostitutes,  while 
he  abhorred  unfaithful  wives — "  Courage, 
my  friends  ;  go  and  see  the  girls,  but  do 
not  corrupt  the  married  women."  Concu- 
binage is  more  common,  or  rather,  perhaps, 
more  public  than  in  Europe,  and  the  father 
is  usually  very  fond  and  careful  of  his 
natural  children.  Where  marriage  is  con- 
tracted, it  is,  all  over  the  Continent,  ful- 
filled at  an  early  age.  In  Brazil  the 
neglect  of  this  institution  and  the  pro- 
fligate intercourse  of  the  sexes  have  di- 
minished the  population  to  an  immense 
extent.  In  Rio  Janeiro,  however,  we  are 
told  that  the  manners  of  the  people  have 
much  improved  since  they  have  become 
more  republican  in  their  manners  and 
ideas.  The  women  there  are  shy  and  re- 
tired, but  ignorance  and  awkwardness 
more  than  modesty  may  be  assigned  as  the 
cause.  While  slavery  was  a  public  insti- 
tution, which  the  government  devsired  to 
abolish,  the  only  restriction  in  the  inter- 
course of  the  sexes  was  among  the  slaves. 
Procreation  among  them  was  as  far  as  pos- 
sible prevented ;  the  women  and  the  men 
in  Janeiro  were  locked  up  at  night  in 
separate  apartments,  and  carefully  watched 
during  the  day. 

In  Chili,  also,  a  reform  of  manners  has 
commenced  since  the  reduction  of  the  mili- 
tary power,  which  is  proverbially  demorali- 
zing. The  higher  classes  of  females  have 
a  character  for  modesty  and  virtue,  but 
the  men  generally  indulge  themselves  in 
vicious  pleasures  to  a  very  considerable 
extent.  It  is,  perhaps,  in  Brazil  that  society 
is  most  corrupt,  for  there  the  common 
decencies  of  life  are,  among  the  inferior 


orders,  grossly  disregarded.  Matheson,  the 
traveller,  slept  in  the  same  •  room  with 
a  young  married  couple ;  girls  are  sold 
as  concubines,  and  children  are  hired  out 
by  their  mothers  to  prostitution.  The  youth 
of  that  sex  bathe,  while  very  young,  entirely 
naked,  and  afterwards  with  scarcelv  any 
clothing,  before  the  public  eye,  so  that  alto- 
gether the  manners  of  the  peoj^le  are  want- 
ing in  decency. 

Travellers  agree  in  assigning  as  one  chief 
cause  of  this  general  demoralization,  the 
profligate  conduct  of  the  Roman  Catholic 
clergy  ;  their  lives  are,  in  many  cases — > 
and  of  course  there  are  many  exceptions 
also  —  exceedingly  scandalous.  Numbers 
of  them,  bound  by  their  vows  to  celibacy, 
live  with  concubines,  and  are  not  even 
faithful  or  constant  to  them.  Where  the 
priests  have  such  influence,  and  indulge  in 
such  practices,  we  may  expect  to  find  a  low 
state  of  morals.  That  this  is  the  case  in 
the  cities  of  the  South  America  most  tra- 
vellers agree  in  declaring;  but  unfortu- 
nately their  notices  are  only  vague  gene- 
ralities, and  we  have  no  positive  information 
as  to  the  extent  and  character  of  prostitu- 
tion in  those  cities*. 

Of    Prostitution    in    the    West 
Inpies. 

A  very  slight  notice  of  the  West  Indies 
will  suffice,  until  we  arrive  at  that  division 
of  our  inquiry  which  includes  the  half- 
civilized  communities,  and  the  colonial 
societies  related  to  Great  Britain.  Of  the 
barbarous  race  scarcely  a  vestige  remains, 
and  of  the  negro  population  a  general 
view  is  all  that  is  requii'ed,  except  with 
reference  to  the  prostitution  carried  on 
under  the  encouragement  of  the  European 
settlers,  which  we  shall  hereafter  describe. 
When  Columbus  first  visited  the  beautiful 
islands  of  the  West  Indian  group,  he  found 
two  classes  of  people  inhabiting  them — 
the  savage  and  cannibal  Caribs,  who  de- 
lighted in  war,  and  preyed  upon  the  weaker 
and  more  efteminate  tribes  ;  and  the  com- 
paratively innocent  and  simple  communi- 
ties, whose  unwarlike  habits  rendered  them 
victims  to  their  more  powerful  neighbours. 
The  characteristics  of  these  distinct  popu- 
lations were  strongly  illustrated  in  their 

*  Macgregor's  Progress  of  America ;  Kidder's 
Residence  in  Brazil ;  Walpole's  Four  Years  in  the 
Pacific;  Puschenberger's  Three  Years  in  the 
Pacific;  Povings  in  the  Pacific,  by  a  Merchant ; 
Mayer's  Mexico  as  it  is  ;  Matheson's  Travels  in 
Brazil;  Wilkes's  Exploring  Expedition;  Cald- 
cleugh's  Travels  in  South  America  ;  Eobertson's 
Letters  on  South  America. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


95 


treatment  of  women.  The  mild  and 
peaceful  islanders  admitted  the  female 
sex  to  a  participation  in  the  delights 
and  enjoyments  of  life,  allowed^  their 
women  to  mingle  with  them  in  the 
dance,  to  inherit  power,  to  wear  what 
ornaments  they  fancied;  and  shared,  in- 
deed, with  them  all  the  opportunities  of 
happiness  which  belonged  to  their  savage 
condition.  Among  the  cannibal  Caribs,  on 
the  other  hand,  a  different  fashion  pre- 
vailed. The  handsomest  and  youngest  of 
female  captives  taken  in  war  were  pre- 
served as  slaves  and  companions,  while 
their  other  prisoners  were  devoured.  The 
lot  of  these  exiles,  however,  was  little 
superior  to  that  of  the  Carib  women  them- 
selves. The  nation  was  low  and  barbarous, 
and  accordingly  treated  its  women  with 
harshness  and  indignity.  Proud  of  their 
superior  power  and  courage,  the  men  looked 
down  on  the  females  as  on  an  inferior  sex, 
whose  degradation  was  natural  and  just. 
Although  a  wife  was  awarded  as  the  prize 
of  valour,  she  was  regarded  as  property 
acquired.  She  was  her  husband's  slave. 
All  the  drudgery  of  his  habitation  fell  on 
her.  She  bore  his  implements  for  war  or 
for  the  chase.  She  carried  home  the  game 
he  had  killed;  and  never  sat  down  to  a 
meal  with  him,  or  even  dared  to  eat  in  his 
presence.  She  approached  him  with  abject 
humility,  and  if  she  ever  complained  of 
ill  usage,  it  was  at  the  peril  of  her  life. 
Nevertheless,  the  child  born  of  this  slave 
was  loved  and  tended  with  wonderful  care. 
This  description,  however,  must  apply  to 
the  weaker  race  of  women,  not  to  those 
Amazons  described  by  Columbus,  who,  well- 
trained  to  war,  rivalled  in  power  of  muscle 
and  vigour  of  limb  the  bull-stranglers  of 
Sparta. 

These,  however — the  original  inhabitants 
of  the  West-Indian  Islands — have  disap- 
peared, and  been  succeeded  by  another 
race  or  compound  of  races,  among  which 
the  Negroes  only  claim  our  notice  at  pre- 
sent. Among  the  blacks  of  Antigua,  as  an 
example  of  the  rest,  immorality  is  a  cha- 
racteristic which  may  be  traced  to  the  in- 
stitution of  slavery.  Infanticide  is  fre- 
quently practised  by  them,  especially  since 
the  Emancipation  Act  was  passed.  The 
reason  of  this  circumstance,  which  at  first 
seems  strange,  is  very  clear.  Under  the 
institution  of  slavery,  negroes  were  not 
allowed  to  marry,  or,  at  least,  their  mar- 
riages were  never  held  as  binding  before  the 
law.  They  therefore  cohabited,  and  their 
unions  lasted  usually  only  so  long  as  the 
caprice  of  affection,  or  the  heat  of  a  criminal 
appetite  existed.     Women,  therefore,  con- 


tinually had  five,  six,  seven,  eight,  or  nine 
children  by  various  fathers,  and  no  disgrace 
was  attached  to  the  fact.  A  new  system 
was  introduced  by  the  abolition  of  the 
slave  system.  The  sentiments  of  shame 
and  modesty  have  been  cultivated  in  their 
minds  ;  and  the  idea  of  female  virtue  has 
at  least  been  awakened,  so  that  they  often 
seek  to  escape  the  consequences  of  an  illicit 
amour  by  destroying  the  offspring. 

One  of  the  demoralizing  effects  of  slavery 
was  the  encouragement  of  a  species  of 
concubinage.  Rewards,  indeed,  were  held 
out  by  some  masters  to  such  of  the  negroes 
as  lived  faithfully  with  a  single  partner; 
but  the  prevalence  of  vice  was  all  but 
universal.  A  permanent  engagement  be- 
tween a  man  and  a  woman  was  seldom 
formed.  Two  females  frequently  lived 
with  one  man,  and  of  these  one  was  con- 
sidered his  wife  and  the  other  his  mis- 
tress. 

When  the  negroes  were  emancipated, 
in  1834,  many  of  them  were  anxious  to 
be  legally  married.  Numbers  had  been 
already  united  in  wedlock  by  the  mis- 
sionary preachers  ;  yet,  though  complete  in 
its  character,  and  regarded  as  a  sacred  tie, 
this  act  was  not  held  as  binding  by  the 
law,  and  many  of  the  emancipated  negroes, 
putting  away  the  partners  of  their  com- 
pulsory servitude,  took  new  companions  to 
their  homes. 

The  offence  of  bigamy  was  not  uncom- 
mon among  them,  and  still  continues  to 
be  so.  It  is  prohibited  under  a  severe 
enactment,  but  many  devices  are  adopted 
to  elude  the  law.  Concubinage  is  less 
openly  practised  than  formerly,  but  the 
tie  of  marriage  is  by  no  means  generally 
respected.  Chastity  is  indifferently  re- 
garded ;  and  where  the  men  do  not  prize 
it  in  women,  women  will  be  at  little 
pains  to  preserve  it  for  the  men.  Women 
are  sometimes  married  who  have  been 
living  in  concubinage  with  several  per- 
sons, and  become  the  mothers  of  numerous 
children. 

The  condition  of  the  free  female  negroes 
is  by  no  means  so  degraded  as  in  the  ori- 
ginal country  of  the  blacks.  Women  enjoy 
an  independent  existence,  and  live  as  they 
please,  though  many  of  them  labour.  Their 
character  is  not  distinguished  by  morality. 
Decency  was  entirely  obliterated  from  their 
ideas,  and  they  are  only  beginning  to  re- 
cover it.  Women  who  were  daily  stripped 
and  exposed  to  receive  a  whipping  from 
the  hands  of  men,  could  not  be  expected 
long  to  retain  the  sense  of  feminine  shame ; 
and  this  process,  acting  upon  one  generation 
after  another,  has  left  its  impress  on  the 


96 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


character  of  the  negro  population.  Human 
nature,  also,  was  outraged  by  the  gross  ty- 
ranny of  the  planters.  The  intercourse  of 
the  sexes  was  regulated,  not  with  a  view 
to  the  morals  of  the  negroes,  but  to  the 
propagation  of  the  species.  They  were 
coupled  like  beasts,  to  increase  the  number 
of  slaves  on  the  estate.  In  consequence  of 
this  the  degradation  of  the  negro  popula- 
tion was  so  complete  that,  after  it  was 
emancipated,  a  woman  considered  it  more 
honourable  to  become  the  mistress  of  a 
white,  than  the  wife  of  a  black  man.  In 
all  the  islands,  indeed,  this  vile  system  was 
carried  on.  In  St,  Lucia,  however,  the 
intercourse  was  almost  unrestrained,  and 
consequently  became  in  a  degree  promis- 
cuous ;  for  moral  law  there  was  none. 
The  St.  Lucia  negro,  in  fact,  is,  even  at 
this  day,  averse  to  matrimony,  and  in- 
clined to  support  concubines,  to  none  of 
whom  is  he  faithful,  even  for  an  interval 
of  time.  Yet  he  is  thoroughly  attached  to 
his  children.  It  has  been  observed,  that 
if  any  improvement  in  the  morality  of  the 
island  has  taken  place,  it  is  more  in  the 
tone  than  in  the  temper,  in  the  appearance 
than  in  the  reality.  Infanticide  is  never 
practised,  or  only  as  a  rare  and  secret 
crime.  It  is  prevented,  however,  not  by 
moral  restraint,  but  by  the  motherly  feel- 
ings of  the  women — by  the  absence  of 
reproach  on  bastardy,  and  the  facility  for 
rearing  children. 

In  Santa  Cruz  the  same  low  condition 
of  manners  is  observable  in  the  negro  po- 
pulation ;  though  in  Jamaica  the  negroes 
are  generally  married,  and  are,  on  the 
whole,  faithful  to  the  engagement.  This, 
however,  is  the  result  of  the  Emancipation 
Act.  Previously  to  that  mighty  social  re- 
form, marriage,  or  a  connubial  contract  of 
any  kind,  was  rare  ;  and  the  intercourse  of 
the  sexes  was  loose,  profligate,  and  lewd. 
The  men  lived  either  with  several  concu- 
bines at  once,  or  replaced  one  by  another, 
as  their  inclination  prompted.  When  the 
missionaries  endeavoured  to  change  this 
state  of  things,  any  couples  which  sub- 
mitted to  their  teaching  were  sure  to  be 
ridiculed  and  jeered  by  the  servile  and 
demoralized  populace.  When  slavery  was 
abolished,  so  far  had  the  corruption  of 
manners  proceeded,  that  numbers  of  the 
women,  in  the  delirium  of  their  new 
liberty,  abandoned  themselves  to  their 
vicious  appetites,  and  became  common 
prostitutes. 

The  example  of  Europeans  has  not  by 
any  means  displayed  to  the  negroes  any 
instruction  in  morality ;  on  the  contrary, 
it  has,  to  a  great  extent,  encouraged  their 


vices.  This  we  shall  show  in  a  future 
division  of  the  subject.  We  therefore  leave 
at  present  the  other  islands  which  form  the 
plantation  colonies  of  England  and  Spain  : 
we  shall  hereafter  visit  the  native  com- 
munity which  has  recently  made  itself 
ridiculous  by  enacting  the  forms  of  an 
empire — we  allude  to  Hayti,  or  St.  Do- 
mingo. The  brief  notice  we  have  given 
is  intended  to  apply  to  the  rude  black  po- 
pulation, but  not  in  respect  of  its  relation 
to  the  white  communities  *. 

Of  Prostitution  in  Java. 

In  the  island  of  Java,  which  is  perhaps  the 
most  fertile  and  beautiful  country  in  the 
world,  a  curious  system  of  manners  now 
prevails.  Hindoos  have  been  succeeded  by 
Mohammedans,  and  these  by  Dutch :  each 
of  the  conquering  races  has  impressed  some 
characteristic  trait  on  the  population,  and, 
unfortunately,  the  stamp  of  vice  is  more 
easily  set  than  any  other.  The  character 
and  condition  of  the  female  sex  in  Java 
indicate  the  whole  state  of  manners  there. 
The  men  are  somewhat  cold  towards  the 
women,  a  fact  which  some  learned  Theban 
has  ascribed  to  their  feeding  more  on  vege- 
table than  on  animal  substances,  but  they 
are  neither  cruel  nor  negligent  towards 
them.  The  institution  of  marriage  is  univer- 
sally known,  if  not  universally  practised  or 
generally  respected.  The  lot  of  women  may 
be  described  as  peculiarly  fortunate ;  in 
general  they  are  not  ill-used  at  all,  and 
when,  as  among  some  of  the  more  opulent, 
they  are  secluded,  they  are  rather  with- 
drawn from  the  indiscriminate  gaze  of  the 
people,  than  shut  up  in  lonely  secrecy,  for 
they  are  by  no  means  watched  with  that 
exaggerated  jealousy  which  in  some  parts 
of  the  East  renders  the  husband  a  continual 
spy  on  the  actions  of  his  wife.  Though 
the  man  pays  a  price  for  his  bride,  he  does 
not  therefore  disdain  or  abuse  her. 

The  condition  of  the  sex  in  Java  is,  in- 
deed, an  exception  to  the  habitual  custom 
of  Asiatics.  The  women  eat  with  the  men, 
associate  with  them  in  all  the  offices  and 
pleasures  of  life,  and  live  on  terms  of 
mutual  equality. 

*  Capadose's  Sixteen  Years  in  the  West 
Indies ;  Antigua  and  the  Antiguans ;  Breen's 
Historical  Account  of  St.  Lucia;  Grurney's  Winter 
in  the  West  Indies  ;  Bidwell's  West  Indies  as 
they  Are ;  Stewart's  State  of  Jamaica ;  Lloyd's 
Letters  from  the  West  Indies;  Bayley's  Four 
Years'  Residence  ;  Southey's  History  of  tlie  West 
Indies  ;  Washington  Irving's  Life  and  Voyages  of 
Columbus ;  Baird's  Impressions  of  the  West 
Indies,  &c. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


97 


Many  queens  have,  in  different  States, 
occupied  the  throne.  The  sex  is  nowhere 
in  the  island,  as  a  rule,  treated  with  coarse- 
ness, violence,  or  neglect.  They  are  indus- 
trious, and  hard-working,  but  they  labour 
more  through  desire  of  praise  than  through 
fear  of  chastisement,  and  are  admitted  to 
the  performance  of  many  honourable  tasks. 
Among  the  wealthier  classes  men  some- 
times act  tyrannically  in  their  households ; 
but  this  must  be  taken  as  the  characteristic 
not  of  the  race,  but  of  individuals.  Those 
who  seclude  their  wives  do  so  only  from 
the  common  eye ;  English  gentlemen  have 
often  been  introduced  into  the  most  private 
chambers  of  the  harem,  while  the  wives 
and  daughters  of  the  greatest  chiefs  have 
appeared  at  the  entertainments  given  by 
the  European  residents  in  Batavia,  Suma- 
rang,  and  other  cities,  where  they  conduct 
themselves  usually  with  modesty  and  good 
grace. 

Polygamy  and  concubinage  are  tolerated, 
that  is,  they  are  practised  among  the  nobility 
of  Java,  who  do  not  allow  public  opinion 
to  interfere  with  the  gratification  of  their 
desires ;  both  of  these  customs  are  looked 
upon,  however,  rather  as  vicious  luxuries, 
than  as  established  social  institutions ;  yet, 
however  limited  their  extent,  they  never 
fail  to  degrade  the  position  and  to  vitiate 
the  character  of  the  female  sex.  Some 
circumstances  in  the  feelings  of  the  people 
prevent  either  practice  from  being  gene- 
rally adopted,  and  the  evil  is  thus,  in  its 
moral  influence,  mitigated.  The  first  wife 
is  always  mistress  of  the  household,  and 
the  others  are  little  more  than  her  hand- 
maids, who  contribute  to  her  husband's 
gratification,  but  never  share  his  rank  or 
his  wealth.  No  man  of  station  will  give 
his  daughter  as  a  second  or  third  wife, 
unless  to  a  chief  of  far  higher  nobility 
than  himself;  the  inferior  wives  or  con- 
cubines are  therefore  of  an  inferior  class. 
Thus  the  artificial  distinctions  of  classes 
vitiate  the  public  morals,  for  a  woman  con- 
siders it  dishonourable,  not  to  prostitute 
herself,  but  to  prostitute  herself  to  a  poor 
man  of  humble  birth. 

When  we  say  that  polygamy  and  con- 
cubinage are  not  general  in  Java,  the 
reader  must  by  no  means  infer  a  high  state 
of  manners  to  exist  there.  On  the  con- 
trary, Java  is  the  most  immoral  country  in 
insular  Asia.  The  woman  who  would  be 
ashamed  to  become  the  second  wife  of  a 
chief  might  not  be  ashamed  to  commit 
adultery  with  him;  in  general  terms,  both 
sexes  are  extremely  profligate  and  de- 
praved, though  the  poets  and  historians 
of  the  island  boast  of  chastity  as  the  dis- 


tinguishing ornament  of  their  women  ;  be- 
cause a  married  female  shrieks  when  a 
strange  man  attempts  to  kiss  her  before 
her  attendants  and  a  large  mixed  com- 
pany, they  hold  up  their  sex  in  Java  as 
the  standard  of  feminine  purity  and  virtue. 

In  most  islands  of  the  Indian  Archipelago, 
divorces  are  not  easy  to  be  obtained;  but 
in  Java  the  total  separation  of  married 
people  may  be  procured  with  the  utmost 
freedom  and  facility.  It  is  a  privilege  in 
which  the  women  indulge  themselves  to  a 
most  wanton  degree,  and  often  so  much  as 
to  fall  little  short  of  prostitution.  A  wife 
may  turn  away  her  husband  by  paying 
him  a  certain  sum  of  money;  he  is  not, 
indeed,  absolutely  bound  to  accept  this,  but 
usually  does  so,  in  conformity  with  the 
established  opinion  of  society,  that  it  is 
disreputable  to  live  with  a  woman  on  such 
terms.  Women  often  change  their  partners 
three  or  four  times  before  they  are  thirty 
years  of  age  ;  some  have  been  seen  boast- 
ing of  a  twelfth  husband.  In  Java  the 
means  of  subsistence  abound,  and  are  easy 
to  be  procured  as  well  by  females  as  by  men ; 
one  sex  is,  therefore,  in  a  great  measure, 
independent  of  the  other ;  women  find  no 
difficulty  in  living  without  husbands.  They 
are  not,  consequently,  forced  to  remain  in 
a  state  of  bondage  through  fear  of  being 
drifted  destitute  upon  the  world ;  but,  un- 
fortunately for  the  theories  of  our  new 
female  reformers,  the  sex  in  Java,  though 
thus  enfranchised,  is  proverbially  dissolute 
and  libertine. 

This,  nevertheless,  in  reality  is  no  argu- 
ment for  those  who  attempt  to  show  that 
the  female  sex,  enjoying  perfect  liberty, 
makes  use  of  its  freedom  to  indulge  in 
vicious  pleasures.  The  women  of  Java 
are  dissolute,  not  because  they  are  free  of 
control,  but  because  the  whole  society  of 
the  island  is  profligate.  Among  the 
wealthier  classes,  especially,  the  utmost 
immorality  prevails  with  respect  to  the 
intercourse  of  the  sexes.  In  the  great 
native  towns  the  population  is  debauched 
to  the  last  degree.  Intrigues  among  the 
married  women  continually  occur;  and 
females  of  high  rank  have  intercourse  with 
paramours,  to  the  knowledge,  and  almost 
before  the  faces,  of  their  husbands.  The 
men  are  tame  and  servile,  often  not  daring 
to  revenge  their  honour  or  assert  the  con- 
jugal right,  and  they  are  by  no  means 
inspired  with  that  fiery  spirit  of  jealousy 
which  among  many  Asiatics  renders  a  wife 
sacred  from  all  but  her  husband's  eye. 
Females  of  respectable  rank  are  often  the 
subject  of  conversation.  An  inquiry  after 
a  man's  family  is  held  by  no  means  in- 


H 


98 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


suiting,  "but  rather  as  a  conventional  act 
of  courtesy. 

Flagrant  instances  of  the  loose  character 
of  Javan  manners  have  come  to  the  notice 
of  travellers.  Before  the  island  was  ab- 
solutely conquered  by  the  Dutch,  one  of 
its  great  princes,  being  desirous  of  pur- 
chasing the  favour  of  the  people,  gave 
many  public  feasts  and  entertainments,  at 
which  the  wives  and  daughters  of  the 
chiefs  attended.  He  seduced  one  of  his 
guests,  a  married  woman,  and  was  in  the 
habit  of  passing  the  night  with  her,  while 
ler  husband  was  engaged  with  his  duty 
on  the  public  guard.  One  morning,  by 
chance,  the  chief  returned  home  earlier 
than  usual,  and  detected  them  together. 
He  had,  however,  discovered  the  rank  of 
the  paramour,  and  discreetly  coughed,  that 
the  prince  might  have  an  opportunity  to 
escape.  He  then  went  into  the  chamher, 
and  severely  flogged  his  guilty  wife.  She 
fled,  and  complained  to  the  king  of  the 
treatment  she  had  received.  He  being  in 
the  critical  position  of  making  good  his 
claim  to  a  crown,  dared  not  exercise  the 
usual  prerogative  of  a  throne;  but  called 
for  the  man  he  had  injured,  made  him 
many  rich  gifts,  and  ofiered  him,  as  com- 
pensation, the  handsomest  woman  in  his 
own  household.  The  husband  accepted 
the  peace-offerings,  and  was  content  to 
take  back  his  adulterous  wife.  The  relation 
of  a  subject  to  his  prince  must,  at  least 
when  developed  in  this  manner,  be  most 
unnatural. 

Women  in  Java  are  usually  married 
very  young,  though  not  before  the  age 
of  puberty,  which  is  speedily  reached. 
The  reason  assigned  by  writers  for  this 
haste  is,  that  their  chastity  is  no  longer 
safe  after  they  have  reached  womanhood. 
Men  wait  for  two  or  three  years  after  that 
period,  during  which  they  may  indulge  in 
unbounded  profligacy.  At  eighteen  or 
twenty  a  girl  is  looked  upon  as  verging 
towards  the  wane  of  life,  and  becomes  a 
suspected  character.  No  age,  however, 
1  excludes  a  woman  from  the  chance  of  a 
match  ;  but  scarcely  any  are  unmarried 
after  22.  Widows  at  50  often  procure 
husbands;  for  men  at  that  period  of  life 
usually  choose  wives  equal  in  years  to 
themselves,  and  sometimes  older. 

The  preliminary  arrangements  arc  made 
by  the  parents  on  both  sides;  for  no  in- 
tercourse could  previously  take  place  be- 
tween the  young  people  themselves  with- 
out being,  and  often  justly,  the  occasion  of 
scandal.  They  are  looked  upon,  as  the 
natives  themselves  express  it,  as  mere 
puppets  in  the  performance.      There  are 


three  kinds  of  connection.  The  first  is 
when  the  rank  of  the  parties  is  equal,  or 
when  the  man  is  superior  to  the  woman. 
The  second  is  when  the  bride  is  above  her 
husband,  who  is  taken  into  the  house,  and 
adopted  into  the  family,  by  his  father-in- 
law.  The  third  is  a  species  of  concubinage, 
without  any  rites  whatever,  and  confirmed 
by  the  simple  fact  of  recognised  cohabita- 
tion. In  such  cases,  as  no  formality  is 
required  to  conclude,  so  none  is  necessary 
to  dissolve  the  contract,  which  is,  there- 
fore, no  more  than  a  species  of  prosti- 
tution, for  the  changes  of  companions  are 
extremely  frequent. 

In  the  other  two,  the  ceremonies  are 
similar.  The  young  people  are,  in  all  cases, 
betrothed  for  a  longer  or  a  shorter  period 
before  their  union — from  one  month  to 
several  years.  The  father  of  the  youth, 
having  made  for  his  son  what  he  considers 
a  suitable  choice,  proceeds  to  the  parents 
of  the  girl,  and  proposes  for  an  alliance. 
If  they  accept  the  suit,  a  betrothal  is  ra- 
tified by  some  trifling  present  to  the  bride. 
Visits  are  made,  that  the  intended  nuptials 
may  be  publicly  known.  At  the  third 
stage  in  the  progress  of  .the  transaction 
the  price  is  arranged,  and  varies  according 
to  the  rank  and  circumstances  of  the  fa- 
milies. Sometimes  it  is  plainly  called  the 
purchase-money ;  sometimes  the  act  of  sale 
is  covered  by  a  more  delicate  term — the 
deposit.  It  is  usually  considered,  however, 
as  a  settlement  or  provision  for  the  bride. 

The  only  Mohammedan  feature  in  the 
whole  ceremony  is  the  exchange  of  vows 
in  a  mosque.  This  is  followed  by  many 
ritual  observances,  more  of  etiquette  than 
religion,  and  great  parade  is  affected.  At 
length  the  married  people  eat  rice  from 
one  vessel,  to  typify  their  common  fortune ; 
but  in  some  places  the  bride  washes  her 
husband's  feet,  as  an  acknov/ledgment  of 
her  subjection  to  him,  or  else  he  treads 
upon  a  raw  egg,  and  she  wipes  his  foot. 

Though,  as  we  have  said,  polygamy  and 
concubinage  are  not  generally  practised, 
partly  because  too  expensive,  partly  from 
a  feeling  against  them — some  of  the  rich 
chiefs  indulge  in  them  to  an  extravagant 
degree,  and  glory  in  a  train  of  60  children. 
The  wives,  however,  as  already  noticed, 
can  easily  release  themselves  when  their 
married  state  is  deteriorated  into  real  or 
fancied  bondage.  The  fact  of  their  early 
marriage,  without  knowing  their  future 
husband,  or  consenting  to  the  union,  causes 
a  great  number  of  divorces.  A  widow  may 
marry  again  after  three  months  and  ten 
days  have  elapsed  since  her  husband's 
death. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


•99 


!  Though  the  intercourse  of  the  sexes  is 
I  so  free  that  vicious  inclinations  may  be 
I  indulged  without  difficulty  or  peril,  the 
!  Javans  support  a  large  class  of  women — 
prostitutes  by  profession.  Adultery  is  not 
considered  a  very  heinous  crime,  but  ra- 
ther an  oiFence  against  the  husband's  pro- 
perty and  honour,  yet  it  is  attended  some- 
times with  danger,  and  often  with  dis- 
agreeable results.  The  vocation  of  the 
trading  prostitute  is  not,  therefore,  taken 
away.  She  unites  in  Java,  as  in  India, 
the  profession  of  a  dancer  with  her  infa- 
mous calling. 

There  is  a  large  class  of  these  dancers  in 
the  island.  The  people  are  passionately 
fond  of  this  amusement,  but  no  respectable 
woman  will  join  in  it.  The  sultans,  in- 
deed, used  to  have  some  of  their  most 
beautiful  concubines  trained  to  dance,  and 
they  were  privileged  in  the  performance  of 
certain  figures  ;  but,  otherwise,  all  its  pro- 
fessors are  prostitutes.  Nevertheless,  a 
Javan  chief  of  high  rank  is  not  ashamed 
to  be  seen  before  a  large  mixed  assembly 
tripping  with  one  of  these  women. 

The  dancers  may  be  found  in  all  parts 
of  Java,  but  chiefly  in  the  north-west,  to- 
wards the  capital.  They  figure  at  most  of 
the  public  and  private  entertainments. 
Their  conduct  is  so  dissolute  that  the  words 
dancer  and  prostitute  are,  in  the  Javan 
language,  synonymous ;  yet,  on  account  of 
the  wealth  they  often  amass,  petty  chiefs 
occasionally  marry  them.  In  such  cases 
they  usually,  after  a  few  years,  become 
tired  of  their  quiet  secluded  life,  divorce 
their  husbands,  and  resume  their  old  call- 
ing. The  dress  in  which  they  appear  to 
dance  is  very  immodest,  exposing  almost 
the  whole  bosom,  and  the  attitudes  they 
assume  are  licentious  in  a  high  degree. 
Nevertheless,  they  seldom  descend  to  the 
obscene  and  degrading  postures  practised 
by  some  of  the  Bayaderes  in  India. 

The  Europeans  in  Java  have  not  cer- 
tainly, up  to  a  late  period,  at  least,  set  to 
their  native  subjects  an  example  of  pure 
manners.  The  Dutch  merchant  had  usually 
a  Javan  female  at  the  head  of  his  house- 
hold, who  served  him  as  a  mistress  as 
well.  Indeed,  the  marriage  ceremony  is 
seldom  insisted  on  by  the  women;  while, 
among  the  lower  classes,  simple  cohabita- 
tion is  the  usual  method  in  which  the 
sexes  are  related.  Yet  they  are  by  no 
means  so  gross  and  sensual  as  the  wealthier 
sort  of  people.  Altogether,  however,  the 
island  is  remarkable  for  the  profligacy  of 
its  inhabitants.  In  every  city  prostitutes 
abound;  and  about  the  roads  in  their 
vicinity    women    may   be    seen    straying, 


ready  for  hire.  They  mostly,  as  we  have 
said,  assume  also  the  profession  of  dancers, 
and  this,  in  a  manner,  covers  the  pro- 
fligacy of  those  who  employ  them  at  their 
houses*. 

Of  Prostitution  in  Sumatra. 

The  population  of  this  extensive  island  is 
divided  into  several  tribes,  slightly  differ- 
ing in  their  manners  and  modes  of  life. 
The  Rejangs,  who  may  be  supposed  to 
represent  its  original  habits,  are  still  rude 
barbarians.  With  them,  as  with  mai^y 
people  of  the  East,  the  scrupulous  atten- 
tion to  external  show  is  by  no  means  ac- 
companied by  a  similar  spirit  within.  They 
drape  their  women  from  chin  to  foot,  and 
dread  lest  a  virgin  should  expose  any  part 
of  her  person ;  yet  modesty  is  not  at  all  a 
characteristic  of  the  dwellers  in  villages 
and  towns,  to  whom  this  description  refers. 
Those  who  live  in  the  rural  communities, 
and  are  more  easy  in  their  costume,  dis- 
tinguish themselves  by  their  decency  and 
decorum.  In  this  is  exhibited  a  curious 
fact,  which  may  be  discovered  in  many 
parts  of  the  world. 

The  civilization,  if  such  it  may  be 
called,  of  Sumatra,  is  of  a  peculiar  cha- 
racter. Its  people  are  in  that  stage  of 
their  progress  when  great  importance  is 
ascribed  to  the  multiplied  formulas  of 
etiquette.  Ritual  is  with  them  more  es- 
sential than  principle — of  which,  indeed, 
they  know  little.  It  is  wonderful  to  exa- 
mine the  intricate  details  of  the  Sumatran 
marriage  contract.  Nearly  all  the  litiga- 
tion in  the  country  springs  from  that  per- 
plexing cause.  Men  in  a  barbarous  state 
appear  to  be  under  the  influence  of  some 
law  which  forces  them  into  extremes. 
They  must  be  at  one  pole  or  another. 
Either  they  dispense  altogether  with  cere- 
monial usages,  and  satisfy  themselves  with 
obeying  the  simple  dictates  of  nature, 
under  plain  rules  for  their  own  conve- 
nience, or  they  divide  the  sexes  by  a  maze 
of  convention,  which  prescribes  a  form  for 
the  most  trivial  occasions  of  life.  True 
refinement  appears  to  be  in  the  medium ; 
but  this  is  a  question  still  to  be  resolved. 
In  some  districts  of  Sumatra,  Europeans, 
wearied  with  the  endless  legal  quarrels 
arising  from  these  complicated  transactions, 
have  prevailed  on  the  jDeople  to  simplify 
their  code  of  marriage,  and  the  result  has 
proved  beneficial. 

*  Raffles's  History  of  Java  ;  Crawfurd's  Indian 
Archipelago;  Stavorinus's  Voyages;  Earl's  Eastern 
Seas,  &c. 

Hi 


100 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Some  have  supposed  that  the  system  of 
procuring  wives  by  purchase,  which  ren- 
ders marriage  difficult  to  the  poor,  has  re- 
tarded the  growth  of  popuhition.  Others, 
however,  assert,  and  with  much  appearance 
of  reason,  that  in  Sumatra  at  least  the 
contrary  is  true.  Children  being  consi- 
dered as  property,  and  daughters  being 
especially  valuable  for  the  price  they  com- 
mand, powerful  incentives  to  matrimony 
exist.  The  purchase-money  obtained  for 
the  girls  supplies  wives  for  the  sons,  and  in 
few  islands  are  instances  of  celibacy  more 
rare.  It  is  certain,  however,  that  the  fos- 
tering, or  rendering  obligatory,  thrifty 
habits  on  the  young,  has  a  tendency  to 
check  population,  though  it  may  be  only 
so  far  as  to  keep  it  on  a  level  with  the 
means  of  subsistence.  Various  European 
countries  illustrate  that  truth.  In  Suma- 
tra, also,  we  have  a  wealthy  region  thinly 
and  badly  peopled ;  but  misgovemment, 
war,  and  barbarism  may  be  assigned  as  the 
chief  causes.  Besides,  it  is  said  the  wo- 
men are  naturally  unprolific  ;  that  they 
cease  to  bear  children  at  an  early  age  ;  that 
ignorance  of  the  medical  art  causes  thou- 
sands to  perish  of  endemic  complaints. 

There  are  three  modes  of  forming  a  mar- 
riage contract.  The  first  is  that,  when 
one  man  pays  to  another  a  certain  sum  of 
money  in  exchange  for  his  daughter,  who 
becomes  a  virtual  slave.  There  is  usually, 
however,  a  certain  amount  —  about  five 
dollars — held  back,  and,  so  long  as  this 
remains  unpaid,  friendship  is  supposed  to 
exist  between  the  families,  and  the  girl's 
parents  have  a  right  to  complain  if  she  be 
ill-treated.  If  the  husband  wound  her  he 
is  liable  to  a  fine,  and  in  other  ways  his 
absolute  command  is  curtailed.  When, 
however,  on  the  occasion  of  a  violent 
quarrel,  the  sum  is  paid,  the  bond  of  rela- 
tionship is  broken,  and  the  woman  is  en- 
tirely in  her  master's  power.  The  regu- 
lations in  regard  to  money  are  numerous 
and  intricate  ;  but  need  not  be  explained 
in  detail.  They  give  occasion,  however,  as 
we  have  said,  to  endless  law-suits,  which  are 
bequeathed  by  one  generation  to  another. 

In  other  cases  the  marriage  contract  is 
an  affair  of  barter.  One  virgin  is  given 
for  another,  and  a  man  who  has  not  one  of 
his  own  sometimes  borrows  a  girl,  engaging 
to  replace  or  pay  for  her  when  required. 
A  man  having  a  son  and  a  daughter,  may 
give  the  latter  in  exchange  for  a  wife  to 
the  former.  A  brother  may  barter  his 
sister  for  a  wife,  or  procure  a  cousin  in- 
stead. If,  however,  she  be  under  age,  a 
certain  allowance  is  made  until  she  becomes 
marriageable. 


Another  method  is  practised  when  a 
parent  desires  to  get  rid  of  a  daughter  suf- 
fering from  some  infirmity  or  defect.  He 
sells  her  altogether  without  any  reserve, 
and  she  has  fewer  privileges  than  other 
classes  of  wives. 

Sometimes  a  girl  evades  these  laws  by  an 
elopement,  and  a  match  is  formed  upon 
mutual  affection.  If  the  fugitive  couple 
are  overtaken  on  the  road,  they  may  be  sepa- 
rated; but  when  once  they  have  taken  sanc- 
tuary, and  the  man  declares  his  willing- 
ness to  comply  with  all  the  necessary  forms, 
his  wife  is  safely  secured  to  him. 

Many  persons  have  assigned  to  whole 
nations,  in  various  parts  of  the  world,  a 
Jewish  origin,  partly  because  the  custom 
prevails  with  them  of  a  man  marrying  his 
brother's  widow.  The  Sumatrans,  in  this 
case,  belong  to  them  also,  for  the  same  rule 
is  enforced  by  them  ;  but  if  there  be  no 
brother  surviving,  the  woman  is  taken  by 
her  husband's  nearest  male  relation — the 
father  excepted.  If  any  of  her  purchase- 
money  remains  unpaid,  her  new  master  is 
answerable  for  it. 

When,  under  this  system,  adultery  is  com- 
mitted— which  is  not  frequently  the  case — 
the  husband  usually  passes  it  over,  or  in- 
flicts revenge  with  his  own  hand.  It  is 
seldom  such  an  offence  is  brought  before 
the  law.  When  a  man  desires  to  divorce 
his  wife  thus  married  to  him,  he  may  claim 
back  her  purchase-money,  with  the  excep- 
tion of  twenty-five  dollars,  as  she  is  sup- 
posed, by  cohabitation  with  him,  to  have 
diminished  in  value  to  that  amount.  If, 
having  taken  a  woman,  he  be  unable  to 
pay  the  whole  price,  though  repeatedly 
dunned  for  it,  the  girl's  parents  may  sue 
for  a  divorce,  but  they  must  restore  all 
they  have  received.  The  old  ceremony 
consisted  merely  in  cutting  a  rattan  cane 
in  two,  in  the  presence  of  the  disunited 
couple,  their  friends,  and  the  chiefs  of  the 
province.  The  woman  is  expected  to  take 
to  her  husband's  house  effects  to  the  value 
of  ten  dollars.  If  she  take  more,  he  is 
chargeable  to  the  amount.  Thus  the  whole 
transaction  is  carried  on  upon  mercenary 
grounds. 

The  second  kind  of  marriage  is,  when  a 
virgin's  father  chooses  for  her  husband 
some  young  man  whom  he  adopts  into  his 
family,  making  a  feast  on  the  occasion  and 
receiving  what  we  may  term  a  premium  of 
twenty  dollars.  The  young  man  is  thence- 
forward a  property  in  his  father-in-law's 
family.  They  are  answerable  for  the  debts 
he  may  incur ;  but  all  he  has  and  all  he 
earns  belong  to  them;  he  is  liable  to 
be  divorced  when  they  please,  and  to  be 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


101 


turned  away  destitute.  Under  certain  cir- 
cumstances" he  may  redeem  himself  from 
this  bondage,  but  pecuniary  considerations 
are  so  entangled  with  the  whole  agreement 
that  infinite  confusion  is  the  result.  Several 
generations  are  sometimes  bound  in  this 
manner  before  the  contract  can  be  legally 
broken  by  the  fulfilment  of  all  the  required 
conditions. 

The  Malays  of  Sumalda  have  generally 
adopted  the  third  kind  of  marriage,  which 
is  called  the  free.  It  is  a  more  honourable 
compact,  in  which  the  families  approach 
each  other  on  the  natural  level  of  equality. 
A  small  sum  is  paid  to  the  girl's  parents, 
usually  about  twelve  dollars,  and  an  agree- 
ment is  drawn  up,  that  all  property  shall 
be  common  between  husband  and  wife,  and 
that,  when  divorce  takes  place  by  mutual 
consent,  all  shall  be  fairly  divided.  If  the 
man  only  presses  a  separation,  he  gives  half 
his  effects,  and  loses  the  twelve  dollars ;  if 
the  woman,  she  then  loses  her  right  to  any 
but  her  female  paraphernalia.  This  descrip- 
tion of  contract,  which  is  productive  of 
most  just  dealing  and  felicity,  has  been 
adopted  in  many  parts  of  the  island. 

The  actual  ceremony  of  marriage,  though 
fenced  about  with  so  many  ceremonial 
observances,  is  extremely  simple.  An  enter- 
tainment is  given,  the  couple  join  their 
hands,  and  some  one  pronounces  them  man 
and  wife. 

Where  the  female  sex  is  a  material  for 
sale,  little  of  what  we  term  courtship  can 
be  expected.  The  manners  of  the  country 
are  opposed  to  it ;  strict  separation  is  en- 
forced between  the  youth  of  different  sexes  ; 
and  when  a  man  pays  the  full  price  for  a 
bride,  he  considers  himself  entitled  to  her 
without  any  manner  of  persuasion  or  solici- 
tation to  herself.  Nevertheless,  traces  of 
gallantry — using  that  word  in  its  proper, 
not  its  ridiculous  sense — may  be  observed 
in  the  manners  of  the  people.  A  degree 
of  respect  is  shown  to  women,  which  may 
be  favourably  contrasted  with  the  conduct 
of  some  polished  nations.  On  the  few  occa- 
sions on  which  the  young  people  meet, 
such  as  festivals  and  public  gatherings  in 
the  village  hall,  they  dance  and  sing,  and 
behave  with  much  delicacy ;  mutual  attach- 
ments often  spring  out  of  such  association, 
and  the  parents  frequently  promote  the 
desire  of  union  thus  arising.  In  most 
countries,  indeed,  the  barbarism  of  the 
law  is  mitigated  in  its  influence  by  the 
universal  operation  of  the  natural  human 
sentiments ;  it  is  no  less  true  than  strange, 
that  mankind  are  usually  better,  not  only 
than  their  rulers,  but  than  their  laws.  The 
festivals  are  enlivened  by  dances  and  songs ; 


the  dances  have  been  described  as  licen- 
tious and  grotesque,  but  Marsden,  the 
philosophical  historian  of  Sumalda,  only 
remarks  that  the  figures  displayed  at  Eng- 
lish balls  are  often  more  immodest  and 
absurd.  The  songs  are  usually  extempore, 
and  always  turn  on  the  subject  of  love. 

The  existence  or  flourishing  of  any  senti- 
ment among  a  people  with  whom  marriage 
is  a  commercial  transaction,  and  who  allow 
a  plurality  of  wives,  may  be  considered  in- 
credible ;  but  as,  in  the  first  instance,  Nature 
often  asserts  herself  and  the  law  is  accom- 
modated to  her  will,  so,  in  the  second,  the 
nature  of  things  prevents  any  general 
extension  of  the  practice.  Polygamy  is 
permitted ;  but  only  a  few  chiefs  have  more 
than  one  companion.  The  general  indi- 
gence of  the  people  is  one  cause  of  this,  for 
the  perpetual  weight  of  necessity  is  more 
powerful  than  the  irregular  impulse  of 
animal  passion.  To  be  a  second  wife  is 
also  considered  by  many  below  the  dignity 
of  a  reputable  person.  A  man  sometimes 
prefers  a  divorce  for.  his  daughter  when  he 
hears  that  her  husband  is  about  to  take 
another  wife.  In  the  contract  which  stipu- 
lates for  a  division  of  property,  polygamy 
is  impossible,  for  this  obvious  reason,  that 
the  wife  must  have  half  the  husband's 
effects,  which  more  than  one,  of  course, 
could  not  do.  The  origin  of  polygamy  in 
Sumalda  and  other  parts  of  Asia  has  been 
traced  by  various  ingenious  writers  to  dif- 
ferent causes ;  but  being,  as  it  is,  the  indul- 
gence which  is  a  privilege  of  wealth,  it 
appears  to  have  grown  up  with  the  whole 
system  of  manners ;  no  natural  reason  seems 
to  exist  for  it.  The  proportion  of  the 
sexes  is  nearly  equal,  and  all  the  theories 
grounded  on  a  different  assumption  fall  to 
pieces.  Wherever  polygamy  exists,  women 
are  purchased,  and  where  they  are  thus 
viewed  as  property,  wealthy  men  will  surely 
distinguish  themselves  from  their  neigh- 
bours by  a  plurality  of  wives ;  and  this 
happens  in  Rajpooratan,  where  the  women 
are  far  less  numerous  than  the  men,  as  well 
as  in  other  countries  where  they  out-number 
them  to  an  equal  extent. 

In  the  country  parts  of  Sumatra,  chas- 
tity, says  Marsden,  exists  more  than  among 
any  other  people  with  which  he  was  ac- 
quainted. The  same  characteristic  appears 
to  distinguish  them  at  the  present  day. 
Interest,  as  well  as  decency,  renders  the 
parents  anxious  to  preserve  the  virtue  of 
their  daughters.  The  price  of  a  virgin  is 
so  far  above  that  of  a  woman  who  has 
been  defiled,  that  the  girls  are  jealously 
watched,  lest  their  value  deteriorate  in 
this  respect.    But  the  truth  of  the  Oriental 


102. 


LONDOjY  labour  and  the  LONDON  POOR. 


idea  is  sometimes  illustrated — that  girls 
should  marry  as  soon  as  they  are  mar- 
riageable, or  they  soon  cease  to  be  chaste. 
In  Sumatra  they  remain  single  for  some 
time  after  that  period,  and  occasionally 
lose  their  chastity  in  consequence.  In  such 
cases  the  seducer,  if  discovered,  may  be 
forced  to  marry  the  girl,  and  pay  her  price, 
or  make  good  the  diminution  he  has  occa- 
sioned in  her  value. 

Regular  prostitution  is  little  known,  ex- 
cept in  the  towns.  There,  especially  in  the 
bazaars,  women  following  that  calling  may 
be  found  mixed  up  with  the  concoui'se  of 
sailors  and  others  who  support  them.  In 
the  seaports  especially,  where  the  popula- 
tion is  not  only  floating,  but  mixed  from 
various  nations,  there  is  a  great  deal  of 
profligacy,  and  troops  of  professional  pros- 
titutes ply  the  streets  for  hire.  Europeans, 
however,  who  represent  the  general  man- 
ners of  the  island  from  the  experience  of 
short  visits  to  the  maritime  cities,  convey 
a  false  impression  of  the  people.  The 
Sumatran  is,  as  a  rule,  contented  to  marry 
and  be  faithful  to  his  wife.  This  proceeds, 
however,  it  would  seem,  rather  from  some 
peculiar  tone  of  temperament,  than  from 
any  principles  of  morality ;  for  their  ideas  on 
this  subject  are,  at  any  rate,  widely  diff'erent 
from  ours.  Incest  they  hold  as  an  offence ; 
but  except  it  occurs  within  the  first  de- 
gree it  is  regarded  rather  as  an  infraction 
of  the  conventional,  than  the  natural  law. 
It  is  sometimes  punished  by  a  fine;  but 
sometimes  also  the  marriage  is  confirmed, 
and  the  parties  remain  together. 

The  chiefs  of  the  cannibal  nations  of 
Batta  have  sometimes  several  concubines. 
A  man  once  stole  a  woman  of  this  kind — 
the  favourite  of  her  master — and  Avas  pu- 
nished by  being  cut  to  pieces,  roasted,  and 
devoured.  Among  the  people  of  Bulu 
China,  on  the  east  coast,  a  man  may  have 
four  wives,  and  as  many  concubines  as 
possible.  Some  of  the  chiefs  possess  one 
of  these  companions  in  each  town  or  vil- 
lage of  their  country.  Adultery  is  punished 
by  death  to  both  criminals. 

The  general  treatment  of  the  sex  in 
Sumatra  is  of  an  average  character.  They 
are  not  absolutely  degraded,  nor  do  they 
enjoy  an  elevated  position.  The  poorer 
classes  labour,  and  all  are  subject  to  tlie 
men ;  but  on  the  whole  they  are  far  supe- 
rior to  Java,  and,  in  a  considerable  degree, 
to  many  other  Eastern  countries^". 


*  Marsden's  Sumatra;  Anderson's  Mission  to 
the  East  Coast ;  Crawfurd's  Indian  Archipelago  ; 
Journal  of  the  Indian  Arcliipelago. 


Or  Borneo. 

The  splendid    achievements  in  the  cause 
of  civilization  which  Sir  James  Brooke  has 
performed,  have  directed  an  extraordinary 
attention  to  the  immense  island  of  Borneo. 
Like  the  rest  of  the  Indian  Archipelago,  it 
is,  nevertheless,  little  known  to  the  English 
reader — no  complete  accounts  having  been 
yet  published.      Sir  James    Brooke,  how- 
ever, with  Captain  Keppel,  Captain  Mundy, 
Mr.  Hugh  Low,  and  others,  have  thrown  a 
new  light  on  the  country,  and  enabled  us 
to  discern  many  striking  features  in  the 
social  system  of  the  races  which  inhabit  it. 
The  uniformity  of  manners  observable  in 
Celebes   does   not   exist  in   Borneo.      The 
inhabitants  of  Borneo,  for  the  most  part, 
remain  in  an  inferior  stage  of  the  barbarian 
state.      There  are,  however,  among  them 
many  varieties  of   the   social  law.     Some 
are    the    purest    savages,   wandering    un- 
clothed in  the  depths  of  the  forests,  and  sub- 
sisting alone  on  the  spontaneous  gifts  of 
nature.     Others  cultivate  the  soil,  dwell  in 
comfortable  villages,  and  traffic  with  their 
neighbours.      The   river   communities  are 
far  more  advanced  than  those  who  live  far 
from  the  means  of  water-carriage  ;  and  the 
inhabitants  of  the  maritime  towns  are  more 
educated,   and  also  more    profligate,  than 
any.      They  have  been  depraved   by  that 
bloody  and  destructive   system  of  piracy, 
which   was,  until   recently,  the    curse    of 
the    Archipelago  ;    but    when    Sir    James 
Brooke's    policy    has   been    maturely    de- 
veloped, we  may  expect  to  see  vast  amelio- 
rations in  their  manners. 

The  state  of  morals  among  the  Sea 
Dyaks,  or  dwellers  on  the  coast,  is  low, 
even  in  comparison  with  the  average  of 
other  Asiatic  races.  There  is  no  social  law 
to  govern  the  intercourse  of  the  youths  of 
both  sexes  before  marriage.  Even  the 
authority  of  parents  is  not  recognised  to 
any  extent.  The  Byak  girl  is  supposed 
capable  of  selecting  a  husband  for  herself ; 
and  before  she  is  betrothed  to  a  man  she 
may  cohabit,  without  disgrace,  with  any 
other  with  whom  she  may  please  to  asso- 
ciate. The  women  appear  to  make  liberal 
use  of  this  privilege.  Loose  as  their  con- 
duct is,  however,  before  marriage,  they  are 
subject  afterwards  to  a  more  stringent 
code.  As  a  man  is  only  allowed  one  wife, 
he  requires  strict  fidelity  in  her,  and  if  she 
break  faith  with  him,  she  is  punished  by  a 
severe  beating  and  a  heavy  tine.  On  his 
part,  moreover,  he  must  be  continent,  for 
the  penalty  is  the  same  for  either  sex. 
Cases  of  adultery  are  not  frequent  in  times 
of  peace,  though  during  war  more  licence 


])  Y  A  K    \V  0  M  A  N  —  B  0  E  N  E  0. 

IFroin  Marryat's  "  Indian  Archipelago ^^ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


103 


is  allowed.  The  Djak  women  seldom  en- 
gage in  intrigues  witk  Malays  or  other 
foreigners. 

From  their  long  intercourse  with  the 
Malays,  who  are  all  Mohammedans,  the 
Dyaks  might  have  been  expected  to  borrow 
such  of  their  customs  as  encourage  _  the 
savage  in  the  gratification  of  his  animal 
appetites,  and  would  enable  him  to  live  in 
lordly  indolence  on  the  labour  of  his 
wives.  Monogamy,  however,  still  prevails 
with  all  the  tribes. 

The  ceremony  of  marriage — if  such  it 
can  be  called — is  simple  to  the  last  degree 
with  all  except  a  few  communities,  who 
practise  some  particular  rites.  The  con- 
sent of  the  woman  is  necessary  to  the 
match,  which  is  made  without  the  inter- 
vention of  the  parents,  who,  after  the  mu- 
tual willingness  of  the  young  people  has 
been  expressed,  cannot  refuse  their  sanction. 
The  bride  and  bridegroom  meet,  a  feast  is 
given,  and  the  transaction  is  conclirded. 

There  are  certain  restrictions  oia  the  im- 
moral intercourse  of  the  young  people,  to 
which  we  have  alluded.  If  a  girl  becomes 
pregnant,  the  father  of  her  child  must 
marry  her.  Such  an  occurrence  often  pre- 
cedes a  match.  Men  and  women  live  with 
each  other  on  trial,  and  if  no  signs  of  off- 
spring appear,  the  acquaintance  is  discon- 
tinued. Constancy  during  such  an  inter- 
course is  not  rigidly  required.  Mr.  Hugh 
Low  was  assured  that,  in  some  communities, 
the  laxity  of  manners  was  carried  so  far, 
that  when  a  chief  was  travelling  from  place 
to  place,  hospitality  required  that  at  every 
village  he  should  be  furnished  with  a  girl 
as  his  companion  while  he  rested.  Such  a 
practice  is  general  among  the  Kyans  who 
inhabit  a  large  part  of  the  interior  of 
Borneo.  The  fear  of  not  becoming  the 
father  of  a  family — a  misfortune  greatly 
dreaded  by  the  Dyaks — is  supposed  to  en- 
courage the  loose  intercourse  of  the  un- 
married people,  since,  as  we  have  said,  a  man 
always  marries  the  woman  by  whom  he  has 
a  child. 

Among  the  Dyaks  who  dwell  on  the  hills 
in  the  interior,  a  higher  morality  prevails. 
The  licentious  intercourse  of  the  unmarried 
people  is  not  permitted.  The  young  and 
single  men  are  obliged  to  sleep  apart  in  a 
separate  building,  and  the  girls  are  care- 
fully kept  from  them.  Marriage  is  con- 
tracted at  a  very  early  age,  and  adultery  is 
almost  unknown.  Polygamy  is  not  al- 
lowed; but  some  of  the  chiefs  indulge  in  a 
second  wife  or  concubine — an  infringement 
of  the  law  which  is  held  in  great  reproba- 
tion, though  it  cannot  be  prevented.  The 
degrees    of    consanguinity    within   which 


marriage  is  prohibited  extend  beyond  cou- 
sins. One  man  shocked  the  public  feelmg 
of  his  tribe  by  marrying  his  granddaughter 
— his  wife  and  the  girl's  mother,  his  own 
child,  being  still  alive.  •  The  people  af- 
firmed that  ruin  and  darkness  had  covered 
the  face  of  the  sun  ever  since  the  day  when 
that  incestuous  union  took  place.  Never- 
theless, as  they  adhere  almost  constantly  to 
the  practice  of  marrying  within  their  own 
tribe,  the  whole  commonwealth  comes,  in 
the  course  of  time,  to  be  united  by  distant 
ties  of  blood,  Vt^hich  has  been  assigned  as 
a  cause  for  the  cases  of  insanity  not  un- 
common among  them.  This  may  be  true, 
since  it  is  a  fact  that  many  royal  families, 
constrained  to  perpetual  intermarriage, 
have  dwindled  into  a  race  of  imbeciles  in 
consequence.  The  women  put  faith  in  me- 
dicines to  render  them  fruitful ;  but  they 
never  resort  to  the  custom  of  procuring 
abortion  adopted  by  the  Malay  prostitutes 
on  the  coast.  These  women  eat  large  quan- 
tities of  honey,  largely  mixed  with  hot 
spices,  which  produces  the  desired  result. 
It  is  said  that  among  the  people  of  the 
south  numerous  public  prostitutes  are  to 
be  found,  though  this  is  on  the  equivocal 
authority  of  a  German  missionary,  whose 
testimony  is  much  to  be  suspected.  No 
word  for  prostitution  appears  to  exist  in 
the  Dyak  language.  Among  the  Malays 
such  women  are  numerous. 

The  Sibnouan  females  present  a  fair 
average  of  the  manners  prevailing  with 
the  various  divisions  of  that  singular  race. 
Their  women  are  not  concealed,  nor  are 
they  shy  before  strangers.  They  will  bathe 
naked  in  the  presence  of  men ;  yet  many  of 
the  decencies  of  life  are  observed.  Though 
the  unmarried  people  sleep  promiscuously 
in  a  common  room,  married  couples  have 
separate  chambers.  The  labour  of  the 
household,  with  all  the  drudgery,  is  allotted 
to  the  females;  they  grind  rice,  carry 
burdens,  fetch  water,  catch  fish,  and  till 
the  fields,  but  are  far  from  occupying  the 
degraded  condition  of  the  wives  of  the 
North-American  Indians  ;  their  situation 
may,  indeed,  be  compared  to  that  of  women 
in  the  humblest  classes  in  England.  They 
eat  with  the  men,  and  take  part  in  their 
concerns  as  well  as  their  festivals.  This  is 
an  agricultural  and  fishing  tribe. 
-  Among  the  Kayans  a  naked  woman  can- 
not under  any  circumstances  be  killed,  or 
a  woman  with  child. 

Among  the  Mohammedan  Malays,  as  we 
have  said,  there  is  more  civilization  and 
corruption  of  manners  in  another  form. 
They  are  polygamists,  indulge  in  concu- 
bines,  encourage    prostitutes,   and    some- 


104 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


times  treat  their  wives  with  great  tyranny. 
An  English  physician  lately  received  a 
message  from  one  of  the  wives  of  a  chief — 
celebrated  for  fostering  privacy — desiring 
a  secret  interview  "with  him  at  a  secluded 
spot  in  the  jungle.  He  went  with  the  high 
belief  that  the  woman  was  enamoured  of 
his  good  looks.  He  met  her,  found  her 
young  and  pretty,  but  with  an  air  of  firm- 
ness and  dignity  which  showed  that  it  was 
no  frivolous  purpose  which  had  led  her  to 
take  so  dangerous  a  step.  She  complained 
of  her  miserable  life,  of  the  despotism  under 
which  she  sufiered,  declared  she  would  en- 
dure it  no  longer,  and  requested  the  doctor 
to  furnish  her  with  a  small  dose  of  arsenic 
to  poison,  not  herself,  but  her  husband. 
Of  course  he  refused,  and  the  poor  creature 
went  away  sorely  disappointed. 

The  rich  Malays  allow  their  wives  to 
keep  female  slaves  for  their  service.  The 
position  of  these  captives  is,  under  any  cir- 
cumstances, unenviable ;  should,  however, 
one  of  them,  by  her  personal  qualities,  excite 
the  jealousy  of  her  mistress,  her  case  is 
miserable,  until   she  can  procure  another 


owner.  Sometimes  the  slaves  are  used  as 
concubines,  when  by  law  they  become  free, 
though  they  seldom  avail  themselves  of 
their  liberty,  preferring  to  be  supported  by 
their  old  masters,  while  prostituting  them- 
selves to  others.  The  wealthy  chiefs  spend 
large  sums  in  the  purchase  of  concul)ines. 
The  marriage  ceremony  is  performed  ac- 
cording to  the  ritual  of  the  Koran,  but  is 
often  neglected. 

The  prostitutes  who  congregate  in  the 
seaport  towns  have  not  been  particularly 
described.  They  appear  to  be  divided  into 
classes  :  those  who  cohabit  temporarily  with 
the  Malays,  are  paid  a  certain  price,  and 
exchange  their  residence ;  those  who  pros- 
titute themselves  indiscriminately  to  all 
comers  ;  and  those  who  are  supported  by 
the  sailors,  and  profligate  Chinese,  who  in- 
variably create  such  a  class  wherever  they 
settle.  Of  their  numbers  we  have  no 
account,  nor  of  their  modes  of  life  ;  but 
it  is  certain  they  exist  in  considerable 
numbers*. 

*  Brooke,  Keppel,  Mundy,  Belcher,  Low,  &c. 


PROSTITUTION    AMONG    THE    SEMI-CIVILIZED 

NATIONS. 


Introduction. 

Surveying  the  social  aspects  of  the  globe, 
we  discover  an  immense  range  occupied  by 
races  partially  civilized,  which  connect  the 
barbarian  with  the  polished  communities. 
Some  of  these,  perhaps,  are  placed  below 
European  nations  rather  because  they  differ 
from,  than  because  they  are  inferior  to 
them. 

The  influence  of  every  great  religion  is 
powerful  in  various  divisions  of  the  vast 
range.  Buddha  and  Bramah  have  their 
millions  of  worshippers  in  China,  India, 
and  the  intervening  regions.  The  prophet 
is  followed  by  whole  nations  in  eastern 
Europe,  Asia,  and  Africa.  Christianity  has 
numerous  adherents  on  the  plains  of  Syria, 
Palestine,  and  the  countries  of  Asia  Minor. 
An  equal  variety  of  institutions  prevails 
among  these  half-educated  races.  British 
policy  in  India;  paternal  despotism  in 
China;  republican  simplicity  in  Arabia, 
Celebes,  and  Afghanistan ;  religious  tyranny 
in  the  empire  of  the  Porte  ;  and  patriarchal 
freedom  among  the  nomades  of  Asia  Minor, 
exercise  diflerent  influences  on  this  mighty 
and  mixed  population.  In  some  we  find 
a  singular  purity  of  manners,  as  among  the 
Bedouins  of  Arabia;  with   others,   morals 


are  more  gross  than  among  the  worst 
savages ;  but  in  all  there  is  a  perceptible 
contrast  between  the  civilized  states  of 
Europe  on  the  one  hand,  and  the  barbarian 
countries  of  Africa,  Australasia,  and  the 
Pacific,  on  the  other. 

The  position  of  the  female  sex  among 
half-civilized  races,  as  among  all  others,  may 
be  taken  as  a  standard  to  measure  their 
progress.  It  differs,  in  some  remarkable 
particulars,  from  that  occupied  by  Avomen 
in  purely  savage  or  highly-civilized  com- 
munities. In  the  one,  where  any  regulations 
exist  they  are  rude  and  coarse,  and  only 
obeyed  where  their  action  is  constant,  which 
it  seldom  is.  In  the  other,  men  fear  blame 
more  than  the  law,  and  manners  perform 
what  legislation  is  unable  to  accomplish. 
In  most  of  the  countries  of  which  we  are 
now  treating,  government  endeavours  to 
rule  with  parental  discipline  the  minutest 
concerns  of  life,  to  aflix  a  penalty  to  every 
fault,  to  adjust  with  nicety  the  slightest 
relations  of  individuals  with  individuals,  to 
guard  morals  by  police  and  suppress  pro- 
fligacy by  imperative  decrees.  So  it  is  in 
China,  so  in  Japan,  and  so  in  a  less  degree  in 
the  dominions  of  every  Asiatic  prince.  In 
Egypt  Mohammed  Ali  attempted,  by  one 
stroke  of  his  pen,  to  blot  out  the  stain  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


105 


prostitution.  He  banished  the  old  pro- 
fessors of  that  class,  and  new  ones  were 
created  from  the  remainder  of  the  popula- 
tion. In  Persia  a  royal  decree  forbade  pros- 
titution, and  men  immediately  prostituted 
the  right  of  marriage  to  evade  the  law. 
In  China  the  Emperors  have,  from  time  to 
time,  fulminated  proclamations  against  all 
profligate  persons ;  but  they  have  flung 
their  invectives  into  the  void,  and  no  im- 
pression has  been  produced.  The  coarse  and 
awkward  efforts  of  a  barbarian  despot's  will 
■  never  produce  any  better  result.  The  Dra- 
5  conic  decree  is  promulgated  and  the  offences 
it  is  intended  to  suppress  continue  to  be 
perpetrated  as  before.  A  distinction  must 
be  drawn,  however,  between  those  commu- 
nities in  which  severe  laws  are  enacted  to 
produce,  and  those  in  Avhich  they  are  in- 
spired by,  public  morality.  In  the  one  case 
they  are  worthless,  because  they  are  in 
hostility  to  the  prevailing  system;  in  the 
other  they  are  the  signification, because  they 
are  the  embodiment,  of  the  national  feeling. 
They  may  be  symptoms,  but  they  can  never 
be  causes,  of  virtuous  manners. 

The  view  of  the  half-civilized  nations, 
which  is  here  presented,  includes  sketches 
of  India,  of  Afghanistan,  Kashmir,  the 
Hindu-Chinese  races,  China,  Japan,  Celebes, 
Ceylon,  Persia,  Egypt,  the  Barbary  States, 
Syria,  Palestine,  Asia  Minor,  Arabia,  and 
Turkey.  In  all  of  them  polygamy  exists, 
though  to  a  very  small  extent  in  Ceylon. 
It  will  be  seen  that  the  popular  ideas 
on  this  subject  are  somewhat  exaggerated. 
Most  persons  unaccustomed  to  read  or  re- 
flect, imagine  that  throughout  the  East 
all  men  have  their  harems  filled  with 
wives,  who  are  beautiful  prisoners,  im- 
mured in  perpetual  seclusion,  slaves  to  the 
will  of  their  lord,  and  never  allowed  to 
move  unless  guarded  by  a  fierce  black 
eunuch,  or  a  duenna  still  more  dark  and 
angry.  It  is  left  for  those  who  are  accus- 
tomed to  peruse  the  accounts  of  veracious 
travellers,  to  know  that  polygamy,  though 
allowed  to  almost  all,  is  practically  a  pri- 
vilege only  of  the  rich,  and  not  indulged 
in  even  by  the  majority  of  these.  The 
general  notions,  also,  of  female  seclusion  are 
extravagant.  Women  in  Turkey  enjoy  far 
more  liberty  than  is  usually  imagined.  So 
do  they  even  in  China,  though  very  wealthy 
husbands,  especially  among  the  Hindus, 
shut  up  their  wives  and  never  allow  a 
stranger's  glance  to  fall  upon  their  coun- 
tenances. This  excessive  jealousy  is  not 
always  disagreeable  to  the  objects  of  it; 
indeed,  in  the  harem  where  three  or  four 
wives  are  congregated,  the  youngest  and 
most  beautiful  sometimes  makes  it  her  chief 


triumph  over  her  mortified  rivals,  that  she 
is  watched,  guarded,  shaded  even  from  the 
light,  and  immured  beyond  the  sound  of  a 
man's  voice,  while  they  are  far  less  reli- 
giously secluded.  Thus  the  sex,  influenced 
during  ages  by  a  peculiar  system  of  manners, 
accommodates  itself  to  them,  invariably 
sinking  or  rising  to  the  level  assigned  it  by 
the  civilization  of  the  period. 

Throughout  the  world  the  numerical  dis- 
parity of  the  sexes  is  nowhere  such  as  to 
induce  the  belief  that  polygamy  is  natural  to 
certain  countries.  It  is  practised  in  many 
where  the  females  are  less  numerous  than 
the  males,  in  consequence  of  infanticide. 
Everywhere,  when  extensively  prevalent, 
it  produces  injurious  results,  diminishing 
the  fecundity  of  women,  and  by  no  means 
preventing  men  from  encouraging  a  class 
of  professional  prostitutes.  There  is,  in- 
deed, in  this  idea,  something  debasing  to 
the  female  sex.  That  men  should  multiply 
their  wives  that  they  may  not  be  induced 
to  visit  harlots,  appears  to  degrade  the  in- 
stitution of  marriage,  which  was  not  in- 
tended for  the  satisfaction  of  sensual  appe- 
tites, but  for  the  continuation  of  the  human 
species.  Polygamy  is  opposed  to  increase, 
and  thus  appears  unnatural;  still  more 
revolting  to  our  ideas  of  civilization  is  the 
custom  of  polyandrism,  or  one  wife  with 
many  husbands.  It  obtains  in  some  regions 
of  the  Himalaya,  among  the  Nairs  of  Mala- 
bar, and  in  the  Cingalese  kingdom  of  Kandy. 
Nowhere  else  do  we  find  more  than  a  trace 
of  it,  and  it  is  singular  to  find  a  practice 
so  utterly  repugnant  to  the  general  sense 
of  Orientals,  prevailing  close  to  the  region 
in  which  men  are  most  jealous  and  women 
most  carefully  guarded.  In  Hindustan  some 
men  will  not  divorce  a  wife  whom  they 
thoroughly  dislike,  because  they  will  not 
allow  her  to  be  unveiled  by  a  stranger :  yet 
among  the  neighbouring  Hindu-Chinese 
nations,  a  man  will  frequently  prostitute 
his  wife  for  gain.  On  the  southern  coast, 
and  in  Ceylon,  eight  men  will  live  with  one 
wife.  This  proves  that  institutions  have 
no  geographical  distribution.  Both  kinds 
of  polygamy  are  equally  opposed  to  the 
natural  increase  of  population. 

Where  nobler  qualities  distinguish  the 
men  of  any  race,  we  still  find,  as  we  ascend 
the  scale  of  civilization,  that  women  rise 
with  them.  In  Afghanistan,  in  Celebes,  and 
among  the  Bedouins  of  Arabia,  the  male  sex 
is  distinguished  for  its  upright,  dignified, 
and  manly  character.  Chastity  in  women 
is  prized,  and  because  it  is  prized  it  is  pre- 
served. Where,  on  the  contrary,  the  husband 
desires  his  wife  may  be  faithful  to  him,  not 
that  she  may  be  virtuous,  but  that  he  may 


106 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


not  be  robbed  or  wronged,  it  frequently 
occurs  that  she  only  keeps  her  vow  until 
she  has  an  opportunity  to  break  it.  On  the 
whole,  however,  female  chastity  among  the 
Hindus  and  Mohammedans  is  more  general 
than  from  some  popular  accounts  might  be 
inferred.  With  the  mixed  races — hybrid 
in  blood,  manners,  and  religion — an  inferior 
state  of  morality  prevails. 

With  respect  to  actual  prostitution,  the 
region  which  is  most  free  from  it  is  the 
desert  country  of  Arabia.  It  flourishes 
most,  perhaps,  in  India  and  China.  The 
flower  boats  of  the  Pearl  River,  the  temples 
of  the  Deccan,  the  kiosks  of  Barbary,  the 
Ghawazee  villages  of  Egypt,  the  dancing 
houses  of  Java,  and  the  tea-gardens  of 
Japan,  were  all  originally  consecrated  to 
vice,  which  nowhere  flourishes  more 
rankly  than  in  those  countries  where  de- 
spotism has  paralyzed  the  virtuous  ener- 
gies of  men. 

Almost  everywhere  the  prostitute  class, 
among  Eastern  nations,  has  addicted  itself 
to  other  pursuits — to  music  and  the  dance — 
to  inflame  the  lust  which  it  designs  itself  to 
satisfy.  In  many  countries  also  the  prosti- 
tutes have  been  allied  to  the  priesthood. 
Thus  in  India  they  have  formed  a  sacred 
class;  in  the  cities  of  Arabia  they  are 
encouraged  by  the  Moolahs  to  frequent 
places  of  worship;  elsewhere  they  have 
flourished  under  the  auspices  of  govern- 
ment, which  has  placed  them  under  the 
charge  of  inspectors  and  derived  profit  from 
their  degradation.  In  such  countries  they 
carry  on  their  profession  more  openly,  and 
are  more  openly  encouraged,  than  in  others 
where  their  occupation  is  clandestine. 

Some  of  the  nations  included  in  this 
division  of  the  subject  appear  to  have 
reached  the  last  stage  of  their  native  civi- 
lization. Among  these  is  China :  her  further 
progress  will  not  be  influenced  by  internal 
causes,  but  will  be  regulated  by  con- 
tact with  a  superior  race.  In  India  the 
process  has  already  begun,  and  in  the 
condition  of  women,  and  consequently,  also, 
in  their  national  character,  the  change  is 
becoming  apparent.  Widow-burning  is 
already  a  thing  of  the  past;  the  blot  of 
infanticide  will  soon  be  obliterated  from  the 
face  of  society ;  the  prejudice  which  pre- 
vented the  second  marriage  of  women,  and 
drove  thousands  to  suicide  or  prostitution, 
is  gradually  yielding  before  reason ;  the 
barriers  of  caste  are  being  broken  down, 
and  more  natural  relations  restored  to 
society.  Women  in  India  are  the  chief 
degradation  to  the  sacred  class  of  Brahmins, 
in  whom  were  combined  the  fanaticism  of 
idolatrous  priests  and  the  pride  of  nobles. 


Thus  the  contact  of  English  with  Oriental 
civilization,  gentle  as  it  has  been,  is  leading 
to  the  subjugation  of  the  latter  before  the 
more  humane  and  liberal  principles  of  the 
former.  But  it  is  singular  to  find  that  much 
more  difiiculty  is  experienced  in  modifying 
the  social  institutions  of  half-educated, 
than  in  changing  those  of  barbarous  races. 
With  the  one  they  are  based  on  habit,  with 
the  other  on  prejudice;  and  the  pride  of  a 
little  learning  induces  the  one  to  cling  to 
them,  while  the  simplicity  of  the  savage 
allows  him  easily  to  yield. 

The  sentiment  of  chastity  is  nowhere  dis- 
covered pure  except  among  very  simple  and 
unsophisticated,  or  very  refined  and  polished 
nations.  It  is  found  in  the  Bedouin  encamp- 
ments of  Arabia,  it  is  found  in  the  pastoral 
communities  of  Afghanistan,  and  it  is  found 
among  the  wandering  shepherds  of  Asia 
Minor;  but  amid  the  barbaric  millions  of 
China,  with  their  innumerable  maxims  of 
virtue,  the  true  sentiment  is  very  rare.  So 
also  is  that  of  love,  which  belongs  also 
to  the  infancy  and  to  the  maturity  of  na- 
tions, for  in  the  intervening  stages  it  becomes 
mingled  with  an  alloy  of  interest,  sensu- 
ality, or  superstition. 

Prostitution,  however,  belongs  to  all  ages 
and  to  every  nation.  But  it  assumes  va- 
rious forms  in  the  different  classes  of  man- 
kind: it  is  loose  and  scattered  among  the 
barbarous  tribes  not  yet  settled  under  the 
forms  of  regular  society ;  it  is  systematized 
and  acknowledged  among  the  half-barbarous 
races ;  it  is  adopted  as  a  sacred  institution 
in  regions  where  the  object  of  the  priest- 
hood is,  to  enslave  the  souls  of  men  through 
their  senses ;  it  is  encouraged  in  States 
where  the  desire  of  government  is  to  absorb 
the  people  in  the  pursuit  of  animal  grati- 
fication, and  thus  distract  their  attention 
from  public  affairs ;  it  is  submitted  to  a 
strict,  though  awkward  discipline  in  coun- 
tries where  the  rulers  desire  to  mimic  the 
social  code  of  civilized  commonwealths  ;  and 
as  society  progresses,  though  it  becomes 
distinct  and  conspicuous,  it  exchanges  the 
highway  for  the  bye-street,  the  day  for  the 
night,  withdraws  from  other  classes  of  the 
people,  and  becomes  a  despised  sisterhood, 
cut  off  from  intercourse  with  the  moral 
classes  of  women. 

Various  stages  of  this  process  may  have 
been  remarked  in  the  view  of  the  condition 
and  character  of  women,  and  the  extent 
and  state  of  the  prostitute  system  in 
barbarous  countries.  We  now  enter  on  the 
half-educated  communities  Avhich  occupy 
the  greater  part  of  the  world's  surface,  and 
these  will  lead  in  the  communities  of  Europe, 
to  which  they  are  linked,  on  the  one  hand 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


107 


by  Turkey,  and  on  the  other  by  the  inhos- 
pitable deserts  of  Siberia. 

Of  Celebes. 

In  a  region  so  vast  as  the  Indian  Archipe- 
lago it  would  be  useless  to  dwell  separately 
upon  every  island,  especially  as  many  cha- 
racteristics are  common  to  most  of  them. 
We  have  taken  Java  and  Sumatra  as  re- 
presenting the  Sunda  group,  and  we  shall 
take  Celebes  as  the  head  of  a  family  of 
isles,  with  Borneo  as  another.  Incidental 
notices  of  any  peculiarities  in  the  lesser 
isles  will  suffice. 

Celebes,  in  its  political  and  social  state, 
is  far  in  advance  of  the  other  countries  in 
insular  Asia.  It  enjoys  in  many  of  its 
States  a  considerable  degree  of  civilization. 
The  idea  of  freedom,  so  rare  among  bar- 
barous races,  is  recognised  in  its  political 
system,  and  representative  institutions 
have  actually  developed  themselves  into  a 
republican  form  of  government.  Where 
such  progress  has  been  made  in  the  art  of 
civil  polity,  we  may  look  with  confidence 
for  a  superior  social  scheme,  and  this  we 
actually  find.  It  should  be  premised  that 
the  Indian  Archipelago  is  peopled  by  two 
races — the  brown,  or  Malay ;  and  the  black, 
or  Ethiopian.  The  former  is  the  more 
powerful,  intelligent,  and  polished,  and 
has  therefore  become  the  conquering  race. 
It  has  subdued  the  Negro  hordes  of  the 
various  islands,  and  is  now  paramount  in 
all  the  great  native  States.  In  Java,  Su- 
matra, and  Celebes,  it  has  entirely  dis- 
placed the  original  possessors  of  the  soil, 
who  dwell  only  in  scattered  communities, 
defended  from  annihilation  by  forests  and 
hills,  which  serve  in  some  degree  to  balance 
that  native  valour  which  has  made  the 
Malays  an  imperial  nation,  subdued  in 
their  turn  by  the  more  powerful  race  from 
Europe. 

In  the  States  of  Celebes  women  are  not 
excluded  from  their  share  in  the  public 
business  of  the  commonwealth,  thouo;h  their 
influence  is  usually  indirect.  They  rule 
their  own  households,  give  counsel  to  the 
men  on  all  important  occasions,  and  even, 
when  the  monarchy  is  elective,  are  fre- 
quently raised  to  the  throne.  They  eat 
with  their  husbands,  and  from  the  same 
dish,  only  using  the  left  side.  They  appear 
mixed  with  the  other  sex  at  public  fes- 
tivals, and,  when  intrusted  with  authority, 
preside  over  the  councils,  and  are  vigorous 
in  the  exercise  of  their  prerogative.  Nor 
is  peace  the  only  era  of  their  reign.  They 
have   sometimes   presented   themselves  in 


the  field,  and  animated  the  warriors  to 
battle  by  applauding  the  courageous  and 
upbraiding  the  timid. 

In  the  State  of  Wajo,  which  is,  perhaps, 
the  most  advanced  in  the  island,  one  check 
uponcivilizationexists,andthatis  the  extra- 
vagant pride  of  birth.  The  spirit,  if  not  the 
actual  institution  of  caste,  exists,  and  is  pro- 
ductive of  the  usual  evils  attending  an  arti- 
ficial division  of  classes.  A  woman  of  pure 
descent  dare  not  mingle  her  blood  with 
that  of  an  inferior,  though  a  man  may 
ally  himself  with  a  girl  of  humbler  station. 
The  offspring  of  such  a  connection,  how- 
ever, carry  with  them  an  appellation  de- 
noting their  imperfect  parentage. 

Polygamy  is  universally  permitted  among 
the  Bugis  of  Celebes ;  but  certain  restric- 
tions, unknown  in  other  Mohammedan 
countries,  attach  to  the  privilege.  Two 
wives  seldom  inhabit  the  same  house,  and 
for  three  or  four  to  do  so  is  an  extremely 
rare  circumstance.  Usually  each  has  a 
separate  dwelling,  and  in  this  private  esta- 
blishment she  generally  supports  herself, 
with  occasional  assistance  from  her  hus- 
band. The  men  can  easily  procure  a  di- 
vorce, and  when  the  consent  is  mutual 
nothing  remains  but  to  separate  as  quickly 
as  possible.  If  the  woman  only,  however, 
desire  to  be  set  free,  she  must  produce 
some  reasonable  ground  of  complaint,  for 
the  mere  neglect  of  conjugal  duties  is  not 
considered  a  sufficient  cause.  Many  years 
pass  sometimes  without  any  intercourse 
taking  place  between  man  and  wife.  Ne- 
vertheless, though  many  of  them  indulge 
in  polygamy,  concubinage,  or  the  keeping 
of  female  slaves  for  sensual  purposes,  is 
rarely  practised.  Many  of  the  rajahs, 
however,  take  women  of  inferior  rank  to 
be  their  companions  until  they  marry  a 
woman  of  equal  birth,  when  their  old  part- 
ners are  divorced. 

In  Wujo,  the  marriage  state,  though 
characterised  by  these  extraordinary  cus- 
toms, is  decently  preserved,  and  more  ho- 
nourable than  with  any  other  Eastern 
nation.  So  equal,  indeed,  is  the  proportion 
of  the  sexes,  that  not  only  is  the  throne,  or 
rather  president's  chair,  given  to  them, 
but  also  the  great  offices  of  state.  Four 
out  of  six  of  the  great  councillors  are  some- 
times women.  They  ride  about,  transact 
business,  and  visit  even  foreigners  as  they 
please,  and  enjoy  every  advantage.  Their 
manners  are  easy  and  self-possessed,  though 
too  listless  and  slow  to  be  fascinating  to 
an  European.  Their  morals,  as  well  as 
those  of  the  men,  are  far  superior  to  that 
of  any  other  race  in  Eastern  or  Western 
Asia,  and  prostitution  is  all  but  unknown. 


108 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Far  from  modest,  in  the  English  sense  of 
the  term,  they  are  yet  very  chaste;  and, 
though  they  maintain  little  reserve  in 
their  conduct  towards  strangers,  never 
exhibit  the  inclination  to  be  indecent  or 
licentious.  Even  the  dancing  girls,  though 
of  loose  virtue,  dress  with  the  utmost  mo- 
desty, but  their  performances  are  occa- 
sionally lascivious. 

Throughout  the  beautiful  and  interesting 
island  of  Celebes  the  same  state  of  things 
prevails,  and  wherever  the  women  are  most 
free,  they  are  least  licentious.  The  inter- 
course of  the  sexes  is  unrestrained ;  the 
youth  meet  without  hindrance;  and  chas- 
tity is  guarded  more  by  the  sense  of  honour 
and  by  the  pride  of  virtue,  than  by  the 
jealousy  of  husbands  or  the  rigid  surveil- 
lance of  parents.  On  the  whole,  therefore, 
the  condition  of  the  sex  in  Celebes  is  ele- 
vated. That  women  are  there  perverted  in 
some  of  their  manners,  and  that  they  do 
not  approach  that  exalted  state  which  was 
accorded  to  them  in  the  Attic  states  of 
Greece,  is  true,  because  the  people  are 
barbarians.  It  is  necessary  always,  in  con- 
sidering the  state  and  character  of  women 
in  any  country,  to  hold  in  view  the  state 
and  character  of  the  men  also.  We  are  to 
apply  no  unvarying  standard  to  measure 
the  condition  of  one  sex,  for  it  is  only  by 
viewing  it  relatively  to  the  other  that  we 
can  arrive  at  a  sound  conclusion.  The 
Bugis  of  Celebes  are  among  the  most  manly, 
enterprising,  and  virtuous  nations  of  Asia ; 
and  their  women  are  proportionably  free, 
chaste,  and  happy*. 

Of  Prostitution  in  Persia. 

In  Persia  the  Oriental  idea  of  the  female 
sex  is  completely  developed.  Women  are 
there  the  property  of  men  and  their  enjoy- 
ment of  life  is  circumscribed  to  suit  the 
pleasure  of  their  masters ;  among  the  wan- 
dering tribes,  indeed,  they  go  unveiled,  and 
breathe  the  air  of  partial  freedom;  but 
among  the  fixed  inhabitants  of  cities  and 
villages,  their  lot  is  one  of  seclusion  and 
servitude.  Subservient  as  they  are  to  the 
will  and  caprice  of  the  supreme  sex,  the  esti- 
mation in  which  they  are  held  is  extremely 
low.  The  lower  classes  consider  them,  in- 
deed, valuable  in  proportion  to  the  amount 
of  household  labour  they  perform;  the 
higher  classes  look  on  them  as  the  means  of 
sensual  gratification.  We  find,  it  is  true,  in 
Persian  romance  and  poetry,  eulogiums  on 
the  beauty  of  their  women,  and  songs  of 
devotion  to  them;  but  they  are  the  objects 

*  Brooke's  Journals  ;  Mundy;  Keppel's  Voyage 
of  the  Dido  ;  Crawfurd's  Archipelago, 


of  barter,    and  are  consequently  in  a  de- 
spised condition. 

There  is  actually  no  station  assigned  to 
women  in  Persia ;  they  are  recognised  only 
as  ministers  to  the  wants  or  pleasures  of  the 
male  sex.  They  are  what  their  husbands 
choose  to  make  them.  Instances  occur  where 
a  favourite  wife  or  concubine  is  ruler  of  the 
house,  or  a  mother  exercises  strong  influ- 
ence over  her  son,  but  these  are  rare  exam- 
ples ;  women,  in  total  seclusion,  are  sub- 
missive slaves.  The  wives  of  the  Shah, 
especially,  vegetate  within  the  walls  of  a 
splendid  prison ;  occasionally  one  of  them 
is  permitted  to  walk  abroad,  but  then  all 
must  fly  from  the  route  she  takes,  and  no 
one  dare  look  upon  her  on  pain  of  death. 
She  is  paraded  in  stately  procession,  and 
eunuchs  run  in  front  to  clear  the  way, 
firing  guns  loaded  with  ball  to  frighten 
any  bold  adventurer  who  may  be  reck- 
less enough  to  remain  on  the  line  of  the 
cortege.  This  isolation  of  the  sex  pervades 
all  the  wealthier  orders  of  Persian  society ; 
even  brothers  are  not  allowed  to  see  their 
sisters  after  a  certain  age. 

Polygamy  is  practised  in  Persia.  The 
palace  especially  has  a  crowded  harem; 
numbers  of  female  officers  and  attendants 
wait  on  the  Shah.  The  wives  and  concu- 
bines are  arranged  with  the  most  rigid 
regard  to  the  rules  of  precedence;  none 
but  those  of  the  highest  rank  and  most 
distinguished  favour  dare  sit  down  in  the 
presence  of  their  royal  lord ;  over  all  the  rest 
the  strictest  discipline  is  preserved.  The 
king  is  said  sometimes  to  have  a  thousand 
women  in  his  palace,  and  much  skill  is 
required  to  preserve  decorum  among  them ; 
some  he  has  given  away  to  his  principal 
officers.  The  chief  of  them  lives  in  splen- 
dour, wearing  garments  so  thickly  em- 
broidered with  pearls  that  they  impede  her 
movements ;  but  the  others  are  subject  to 
much  rigour,  especially  under  the  savage 
eunuchs  whose  favourite  mode  of  chastising 
the  female  slaves  is  to  strike  them  on  the 
mouth  with  the  heel  of  a  slipper.  How- 
ever, large  numbers  of  them  lead  a  pleasant, 
while  all  enjoy  an  indolent  life,  lounging 
for  hours  in  the  warm  bath,  whence  they 
emerge,  with  enervated  frames,  to  spend 
an  equal  time  in  the  coquetry  of  the 
toilette.  All  the  arts  which  vanity  can 
devise  are  exhausted  to  render  their  per- 
sons attractive  to  the  Shah,  whose  favours 
are  courted  as  much  as  his  displeasure  is 
feared.  In  the  one  case,  the  fortunate 
woman  is  elevated,  for  a  brief  period  at 
least,  to  the  very  ideal  of  her  hopes,  while, 
in  the  other,  she  may  be  fastened  in  a  sack 
and  hurled  from  the  top  of  a  lofty  tower. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


109 


The  Persians  generally  believe  themselves 
entitled  to  unlimited  indulgence  in  the  de- 
lights of  the  harem.  Their  religious  law  con- 
fines them  to  four  wives,  hut  they  may  have 
as  many  concubines  or  other  female  com- 
panions as  they  can  support.  The  priests 
are  expected  to  be  the  most  chaste,  but  are 
usually  the  most  licentious ;  it  is  remarked 
as  an  extraordinary  circumstance  of  one 
celebrated  spiritual  leader,  that  it  was 
affirmed  that  he  never  had  connection  with 
any  other  woman  than  his  four  legitimate 
wives. 

A  Persian  is  permitted,  as  well  by  the 
enactments  of  the  law  as  by  common  usage, 
to  take  a  female,  not  within  the  prohibited 
degrees  of  affinity,  in  three  different  ways  : 
he  may  marry,  he  may  purchase,  or  he 
may  hire  her.  Persons  are  frequently  be- 
trothed during  infancy;  but  the  engage- 
ment is  not  considered  binding  unless  con- 
tracted by  both  the  actual  parents.  The 
girl,  indeed,  may,  even  under  these  cir- 
cumstances, refuse  her  consent,  but  this 
privilege  is  rather  nominal  than  real.  If 
she  resolutely  refuse,  she  may  be  taken  back 
to  the  recesses  of  her  parent's  harem,  and 
there  chastened  until  she  chooses  to  submit ; 
and  it  is  not  long  before  she  is  whipped 
into  compliance.  The  nuptial  ceremony 
must  be  witnessed  by  at  least  two  men,  or 
one  man  and  two  women.  An  officer  of  the 
law  attends  to  attest  the  contract.  The 
written  document  is  delivered  to  the  wife, 
who  carefully  preserves  it,  for  it  is  the  deed 
that  entitles  her  to  the  amount  of  her 
dower,  which  is  part  of  her  provision  in 
case  of  being  left  a  widow,  and  her  sole 
dependence  in  case  of  being  divorced.  Her 
right  in  this  respect  is  strictly  guarded  by 
law,  and  by  her  male  friends,  and  it  is  one 
of  which  the  women  of  Persia  are  extremely 
jealous.  The  marriage  festival  is  usually 
very  expensive,  for  the  reputation  of  the 
husband  is  supposed  to  be  measured  by  the 
splendour  of  his  nuptials. 

Though  a  man  may,  when  he  pleases,  put 
away  his  wife,  the  expense  and  scandal 
attending  such  a  proceeding  make  it  rare. 
It  seldom  occurs,  indeed,  except  among  the 
poorer  classes,  who  do  not  so  rigidly  seclude 
their  females;  among  the  wealthier  and 
prouder,  a  man  would  be  ashamed  to  expose 
a  woman,  with  whom  he  had  once  associated, 
to  be  seen  by  others,  unless  in  the  case,  of 
course,  of  a  common  woman.  Divorce  never 
takes  place  on  account  of  adultery,  which  is 
punished  with  death.  Bad  temper  and  ex- 
travagance on  the  woman's  side,  and  neglect 
or  cruel  usage  on  the  husband's,  may  be 
urged  by  either* as  reasons  for  separation. 
If  the  husband  sues  for  a  divorce,  he  pays 


back  the  dowry  he  received  with  his  bride ; 
if  the  wife  commences  the  proceeding,  she 
loses  her  claim.  In  this,  as  in  all  other 
respects,  the  male  sex  has  the  advantage.  A 
man  who  desires  to  be  relieved  of  a  dis- 
agreeable partner,  sometimes  uses  her  so 
cruelly  that  she  is  compelled  to  open  the 
suit,  by  which  means  he  gets  rid  of  her, 
but  keeps  her  money. 

The  Persian  may  have  as  many  female 
slaves  as  he  desires  or  is  able  to  maintain. 
They  earn  no  advantage  of  position  by 
becoming  his  concubines  instead  of  the 
sweepers  of  his  house.  They  are  still  in 
slavery,  and  may  at  any  time  be  sold  again 
if  they  displease  their  masters,  A  woman 
so  cast  off  is  in  a  bad  position,  for  she 
must  then  sink  into  worse  degradation 
than  before.  Mohammedan  jealousy,  how- 
ever, serves,  in  some  respects,  as  a  kind  of 
protection  for  the  woman;  for  a  man,  hav- 
ing once  cohabited  with  her,  will  seldom 
allow  her  to  fall  into  the  hands  of  any 
other. 

One  very  extraordinary  custom  prevails 
in  Persia,  and  seems  now  peculiar  to  that 
country,  though  it  is  said  to  have  existed 
in  Arabia  at  the  time  of  the  prophet's 
appearance  there.  Mohammed  tolerated 
it;  but  his  successor,  Omar,  abolished  it, 
as  a  species  of  legal  prostitution  injurious 
to  the  morals  of  the  people.  All  the  Turks 
and  others,  therefore,  who  hold  his  precepts 
in  veneration,  abhor  and  condemn  the 
practice,  but  it  still  obtains.  It  is  that  of 
hiring  a  companion.  A  man  and  a  woman 
agree  to  cohabit  for  a  .certain  period — 
some  for  a  few  days,  others  for  99  years. 
In  the  one  case  it  is  simply  an  act  of  pros- 
titution ;  in  the  other  it  is  morally  equiva- 
lent to  marriage,  though  the  woman  ac- 
quires no  right  to  property  of  any  kind, 
except  the  price  of  her  hire.  This  sum  is 
agreed  upon  at  the  first  compact ;  and 
though  the  man  may  discard  his  compa- 
nion when  he  pleases,  he  must  pay  her 
the  whole  amount  promised.  If  both  are 
willing,  the  arrangement  may  be  renewed 
at  the  expiration  of  the  term,  which  is 
generally  short.  This  kind  of  intercourse 
usually  takes  place  among  persons  of  very 
unequal  stations.  The  women  are  gene- 
rally of  a  low  class,  and  are,  for  the  most 
part,  a  peculiar  sort  of  prostitutes,  if  pros- 
titution mean  the  hiring  out  of  a  woman's 
person  for  money.  The  children  springing 
from  such  a  union  are  supported  by  the 
father.  In  one  circumstance  the  custom 
differs  from  the  ordinary  prostitution  of 
other  countries.  When  a  ma,n  has  parted 
from  a  woman  of  this  class,  she  is  forbidden 
to  form  any  new  connection  until  a  suffi- 


110 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


cient  time  has  elapsed  to  prove  Avhether  or 
not  she  is  pregnant  from  the  last.  This 
precaution  is  to  hinder  the  chance  of  a 
man's  being  burdened  with  the  support  of 
a  child  of  which  he  is  not  actually  the 
father. 

The  characteristics  of  women  in  Persia 
agree  with  this  picture  of  their  treatment. 
They  are  degraded  down  to  the  level  of 
their  condition.  Leaving  a  few  exceptions 
out  of  sight,  we  find  the  rich  and  idle 
vain,  sensual,  and  absorbed  by  animal 
desires  ;  the  poorer  classes,  licentious  and 
intriguing. 

The  peculiar  customs  of  the  country 
cause  strange  occurrences  to  take  place. 
A  man  is  sometimes  deceived  into  marry- 
ing the  wrong  woman,  under  cover  of  the 
inviolable  drapery  which  veils  her  face. 
He  is  usually  content  to  stow  her  away  in 
his  harem,  and  solace  himself  with  a  con- 
cubine, or  the  company  of  prostitutes ;  for 
though  he  may  hold  that  his  own  wife  and 
daughter  would  be  polluted  by  the  eye  of 
a  strange  man,  and  though  he  may  be  able 
to  fill  his  harem  with  beautiful  slaves,  the 
Persian  voluptuary  is  not  content.  He 
must  associate  with  the  more  brilliant  and 
lively  beauties,  who  are  ready  to  receive 
him  in  various  retired  houses  of  the  city. 
These  houses  are  generally  in  obscure 
places,  dull  and  uninviting  on  the  outside, 
but  fitted  up  in  the  interior  with  much 
elegance  and  luxury. 

Formerly  there  was  a  numerous  class  of 
public  dancing  girls  in  Persia,  and  the 
beauty  of  their  persons,  and  the  melody  of 
their  voices,  were  celebrated  by  the  most 
famous  poets  of  the  country.  They  were 
wealthy  and  popular,  continuing  to  figure 
prominently  at  the  entertainments  of  the 
people  until  the  family  of  Futteh  Ali  Khan 
rose  to  the  throne ;  they  were  then  dis- 
couraged by  a  monarch  who  crowded  his 
harem  with  a  thousand  women,  and,  in  the 
midst  of  this  multitude  of  concubii)es, 
issued  edicts  for  the  suppression  of  immo- 
rtality. The  dancing  girls  were  prohibited 
from  approaching  the  court,  and  compelled 
to  seek  a  livelihood  in  the  distant  provinces 
of  the  empire.  It  is  not  to  be  denied  that 
considerable  reform  has  taken  place  in  the 
manners  of  the  peojde;  but  profligacy  is 
still  a  marked  characteristic  of  the  cities  in 
Persia. 

Under  the  Sefi  dynasty  morals  reached 
the  last  stage  of  depravity.  The  royal 
treasury  was  filled  with  the  proceeds  of 
immorality.  Public  brothels  were  licensed 
and  became  extremely  numerous.  A  large 
revenue  was  drawn  from  them.  In  Ispahan 
alone  no  less  than  30,000  prostitutes  paid 


an  annual  sum  to  government.  The  gover- 
nors of  provinces  and  cities  also  granted 
the  same  privileges  for  suras  of  money,  and 
there  was  scarcely  a  town  of  any  size  in 
Persia  which  had  not  at  least  one  large 
brothel,  crowded  with  inmates.  The  pros- 
titutes were  all  licensed,  and  known  by  the 
appellation  of  cakbeha,  or  the  worthless.  An 
old  traveller,  whose  authority  is  accepted 
by  the  best  writers,  describes  the  system 
then  prevailing ;  it  displays  the  corruption 
of  manners  in  the  open  and  systematic 
character  of  profligacy.  As  soon  as  the 
merchants'  shops  were  closed  in  the  cities 
the  brothels  were  opened;  the  prostitutes 
then  issued  into  the  streets,  dispersed  them- 
selves, and  repaired  to  particular  localities. 
There  they  sat  down  in  rows,  closely  veiled ; 
behind  each  company  stood  an  old  woman 
holding  an  extinguished  candle  in  her  hand. 
When  any  man  approached  with  a  sign  that 
he  desired  to  make  a  bargain,  this  harridan 
lit  her  taper,  and  led  him  down  the  line  of 
women,  removing  the  veil  of  each  in  her 
turn  until  he  made  his  choice.  The  girl 
was  then  dispatched  with  him,  under  the 
guidance  of  a  slave,  to  the  house,  which 
usually  stood  close  by  the  way-side.  All 
payments  were  made  to  the  old  woman  or 
"  mother  "  of  the  company. 

Under  the  reigning  family  this  open 
system  has  been  checked,  and  prostitution, 
not  being  licensed,  is  a  more  secret  system. 
Nevertheless,  there  abound  in  the  cities  of 
Persia  numerous  brothels,  to  which  the  men 
proceed  after  dark,  and  where  they  are 
entertained  as  they  desire ;  numbers  of 
women  are  always  ready  to  hire  themselves 
out  to  any  who  desire  to  associate  with 
them. 

The  females  of  the  wandering  tribes  are 
far  more  virtuous  than  those  of  the  cities  ; 
they  are  also  more  happy  and  free,  for  if 
they  share  the  labours  of  the  men,  they 
share  also  their  pleasures  and  hopes;  far 
from  being  secluded,  they  are  allowed  to 
converse  even  with  strangers,  and  grace  the 
hospitality  of  the  tents  with  modest  but 
polite  attention.  The  men  seldom  have 
more  than  one  wife,  and  abhor  the  practice 
of  hiring  women,  though  their  priests  have 
made  attempts  to  introduce  it  among  them. 
Still,  even  the  women  of  these  tribes  are 
below  their  proper  condition,  and  the  men 
as  they  become  wealthier  become  more  cor- 
rupt ;  when,  also,  they  sojourn  for  a  while 
in  the  cities,  they  speedily  contribute  to  the 
general  profligacy,  and  often  exceed  the 
regular  inhabitants  in  vice.  Among  those, 
however,  in  the  nomade  state,  rape  and 
adultery  are  rare,  and  when  committed  the 
woman  suflers  a  cruel  death  at  the  hands  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Ill 


her  nearest  kindred.  In  the  cities  females 
are  seldom  publicly  executed,  but  are  put 
to  death  in  private,  or  given  as  slaves  to 
men  of  infamous  occupation*. 


Of  Prostitution  among  the  Afghans. 

Women  in  Afghanistan  are  sold  to  the 
men.  A  marriage  is  a  commercial  transac- 
tion. The  practice  is  recognised  by  the 
Moslem  law,  and' is  here,  as  in  most  parts 
of  Asia,  universally  adopted.  The  price 
varies,  of  course,  according  to  the  condition 
of  the  bridegroom  or  his  friends.  Females, 
consequently,  are  in  some  measure  regarded 
as  property.  They  are  in  absolute  sub- 
jection to  the  other  sex.  A  husband  may 
at  any  time,  from  mere  caprice,  and  with- 
out assigning  any  reason,  divorce  his  wife  ; 
but  a  woman  cannot,  unless  she  have  good 
grounds,  and  sue  for  the  separation  before  a 
magistrate.  Even  this  is  seldom  done. 
When  a  widow  marries,  the  friends  of  her 
first  husband  may  claim  the  price  that  was 
originally  paid  for  her  ;  but  usually  the 
brother  of  the  deceased  inherits  this  pro- 
perty, and  any  one  else  usurping  his  pri- 
vilege becomes  a  mortal  enemy.  However, 
the  widow  is  not  forced  to  take  a  new  part- 
ner against  her  will.  Indeed,  if  she  have 
children  with  claims  upon  her  care,  it  is 
considered  more  respectable  to  lead  a  single 
life. 

In  the  lower  regions  of  India,  on  the 
warm  plains,  we  find  marriage  contracts 
fulfilled  at  a  very  early  age.  In  the  colder 
climate  of  Kabul  they  are  left  to  a  later 
period  in  life — men  being  wedded  at  twenty, 
women  at  about  fifteen  years  of  age.  The 
time  varies,  however,  with  difi'erent  classes. 
Among  the  poor,  with  whom  the  price  of  a 
wife  is  not  easily  to  be  amassed,  the  men 
often  remain  unmarried  until  forty,  and  the 
women  till  twenty-five.  On  the  other  hand, 
the  rich  frequently  take  brides  of  twelve  to 
bridegrooms  of  fifteen,  or  even  earlier,  be- 
fore either  of  them  has  attained  puberty. 
Those  living  in  towns  and  in  Western 
Afghanistan  marry  earlier  than  those 
dwelling  in  the  pastoral  districts  and  in 
the  eastern  parts.  These  often  v/ait  until 
twenty-five,  until  the  chin  is  thoroughly 
covered  with  beard,  and  the  man  is  in  all 
respects  mature.  The  Ghiljies  are  still 
more  prudent  in  this  respect.  In  most 
parts  of  the  country,  nevertheless,  the  date 

*  Malcolm's  History  of  Persia;  Javier's  Three 
Years  in  Persia  ;  Kotzebue's  Embassy  to  Persia; 
Brydges'  Narrative  of  the  Embassy ;  Morier's 
Second  Journey  in  Persia;  Ker  Porter's  Travels; 
Stocqueler's  Pilgrimage 


of  marriage  is  determined  by  the  individual's 
ability  to  purchase  a  wife,  provide  a  home, 
and  support  a  family.  Usually  men  form 
alliances  within  the  blood  of  their  own 
tribe  ;  but  many  Afghans  take  also  Tav- 
jik  and  Persian  women.  It  is  not  con- 
sidered disreputable  to  take  a  wife  from 
those  nations  ;  but  it  is  held  below  the 
dignity  of  the  Durani  race  to  bestow  a 
Avife  on  a  stranger,  and  this,  consequently, 
is  seldom  or  never  done. 

The  intercourse  of  the  sexes  is  regulated 
by  various  circumstances,  many  of  them 
accidental.  In  the  crowded  towns,  where 
the  men  have  little  opportunity  of  converse 
with  the  women,  matches  are  generally  made 
with  views  of  family  policy,  and  contracted 
through  the  agency  of  a  go-between.  When 
a  man  has  fixed  on  any  particular  girl  to 
be  his  wife,  he  sends  some  female  relation 
or  neighbour  to  see  her  and  report  to  him 
upon  her  qualifications.  If  the  account  be 
satisfactory,  the  same  agent  ascertains 
from  the  girl's  mother  whether  her  family 
are  favourable  to  the  match ;  should  all  this 
prove  well,  arrangements  are  made  for  a 
public  proposal.  On  an  appointed  day  the 
suitor's  father  goes  with  a  party  of  male 
relations  to  the  young  woman's  father, 
while  a  similar  deputation  of  females  waits 
on  her  mother,  and  the  ofier  is  made  in 
customary  form.  Various  presents  are  also 
sent,  the  dowry  is  settled,  a  feast  is  pre- 
pared, and  the  betrothal  takes  place.  Some 
time  after,  when  both  man  and  woman 
have  mutually,  by  free  consent,  signed  the 
articles  of  agreement — which  stipulate  for 
a  provision  for  the  wife  in  case  of  divorce — 
the  union  is  completed  at  a  festival,  and 
the  bride  is  delivered,  on  payment  of  her 
price,  at  the  dwelling  of  her  future 
master. 

In  the  country,  formalities  very  similar 
take  place  ;  but,  as  women  there  go  unveiled, 
and  the  intercourse  of  the  sexes  is  less 
restricted,  the  marriage  generally  originates 
in  a  personal  attachment  between  the  wedded 
pair,  and  the  negotiations  are  only  matters 
of  etiquette.  An  enterprising  lover  may 
also  obtain  his  mistress,  v/ithout  gaining 
the  consent  of  her  parents,  by  tearing  away 
her  veil,  cutting  ofi"  a  lock  of  her  hair,  or 
throwing  a  large  white  cloth  over  her,  and 
declaring  her  to  be  his  lawful  and  affianced 
wife.  After  this  no  other  suitor  would  pro- 
pose for  her,  and  she  is  usually  bestowed 
on  the  bold  lover,  though  he  cannot  escape 
paying  some  price  for  his  wife.  Such  ex- 
pedients are,  therefore,  seldom  resorted  to. 
When  a  man  desires  a  girl  for  whom  he 
cannot  pay,  and  who  reciprocates  his  afiec- 
tion,  the  common  plan  is  to  elope.     This  is, 


112 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


indeed,  considered  by  her  family  as  an  out- 
rage equivalent  to  the  murder  of  one  of  its 
members,  -and  pursued  with  equally  ran- 
corous revenge,  but  the  possession  of  the 
wife  is  at  least  secured.  The  fugitive 
couple  take  refuge  in  the  territories  of  some 
other  tribe,  and  find  the  hospitable  pro- 
tection which  is  accorded  by  the  Afghans 
to  every  guest,  and  still  more  to  every  sup- 
pliant. 

Among  the  Eusufzies  different  customs 
prevail.  A  man  never  sees  his  bride  until 
the  marriage  rites  are  completed.  The 
Beduranis,  also,  maintain  great  reserve  be- 
tween the  youth  and  the  girl  betrothed 
one  to  another.  Sometimes  a  man  goes  to 
the  house  of  his  future  father-in-law,  and 
labours,  as  Jacob  laboured  for  Rachael, 
without  being  allowed  to  see  his  destined 
wife  until  the  day  for  the  ceremony  has 
arrived.  With  many  of  the  Afghan  tribes 
a  similar  rule  is  nominally  laid  down,  but 
a  secret  intercourse  is  countenanced  be- 
tween the  bridegroom  and  future  bride.  It  is 
called  Naumzud  bauzee,  or  the  sport  of  the 
betrothed.  The  young  man  steals  by  night 
to  the  house  of  his  affianced,  pretending 
to  conceal  his  presence  altogether  from  the 
knowledge  of  the  men,  who  would  affect  to 
consider  it  a  great  scandal.  He  is  favoured 
by  the  girl's  mother,  who  privately  con- 
ducts him  to  an  interior  apartment,  where 
he  is  left  alone  with  his  beloved  until  the 
approach  of  morning.  He  is  allowed  the 
freest  intercourse  with  her,  he  may  con- 
verse with  her  as  he  pleases,  he  may  kiss 
her,  and  indulge  in  all  other  innocent 
freedoms ;  but  the  young  people  are  under 
the  strongest  cautions  and  prohibitions  to 
refrain  from  anticipating  the  nuptial  night. 
"  Nature,  however,"  says  Mountstuart  El- 
phinstone,  "  is  too  strong  for  such  injunc- 
tions, and  the  marriage  begins  with  all  the 
difficulty  and  interest  of  an  illicit  amour." 
Cases  have  not  unfrequently  occurred  in 
which  the  bride  has  been  delivered  of  two 
or  three  children  before  being  formally 
received  into  her  husband's  house.  This, 
however,  is  regarded  as  extremely  scanda- 
lous, and  seldom  happens  among  the  more 
respectable  Afghans.  However,  the  custom 
of  Naumzud  bauzee  prevails  with  men  of 
the  highest  rank,  and  the  king  himself 
sometimes  enjoys  its  midnight  pleasures. 

Though  polygamy  is  allowed  by  the 
Mohammedan  laws,  it  is  too  expensive  to 
be  practised  by  the  bulk  of  the  people. 
The  legal  number  of  wives  is  four  ;  but 
many  of  the  rich  exceed  this,  and  maintain 
a  crowd  of  concubines  besides.  Two  wives 
and  two  female  slaves  form  a  liberal  esta- 
blishment for  a  man  of  the  middle  class ; 

i . 


while  the  poor  are  obliged  to  be  content 
with  one  companion. 

The  social  condition  of  the  female  sex 
in  Afghanistan  is  low,  as  it  must  be  in  all 
countries  where  women  are  bought  and 
sold.  The  wives  of  the  rich,  indeed,  se- 
cluded in  the  recesses  of  the  harem,  are 
allowed  to  enjoy  all  the  comforts  and 
luxuries  within  reach  of  their  husband's 
wealth.  This,  however,  is  more  to  please 
the  man,  than  indulge  the  women,  though 
many  husbands  really  love  their  wives,  and 
are  influenced  to  a  considerable  degree  by 
their  desires.  In  general,  however,  it  is 
to  enjoy  the  pride  of  having  a  beautiful 
wife  in  his  zenana,  with  all  the  appliances 
of  opulence  to  render  her  gracious  and 
dainty. 

Among  the  poorer  classes  the  women 
perform  the  drudgery  of  the  house  and 
carry  water.  Those  of  the  most  barbarous 
tribes  share  the  labours  of  the  field ;  but 
nowhere  are  they  employed  as  in  India, 
where  there  is  scarcely  any  difference  be- 
tween the  toils  of  the  sexes.  A  man  by 
the  Mohammedan  law  is  allowed  to  chas- 
tise his  wife  by  beating.  Custom,  however, 
is  more  chivalrous  and  merciful  than  the 
written  code,  and  lays  it  down  as  disgrace- 
ful for  a  man  to  avail  himself  of  this  pri- 
vilege of  his  sex. 

Though  many  women  of  the  higher  ranks 
learn  to  read,  and  exhibit  considerable 
talents  for  literature,  it  is  reckoned  immo- 
dest for  a  female  to  write,  as  that  accom- 
plishment might  be  made  use  of  to  intrigue 
by  correspondence  with  a  lover. 

Many  families  have  all  their  household 
affairs,  and  many  even  their  general  cus- 
toms, controlled  by  women.  These  some- 
times correspond  for  their  sons.  It  is 
usually  the  mother  who  enjoys  this  in- 
fluence, but  the  wives  also  frequently  rise 
to  ascendancy ;  and  all  the  advantages 
conferred  on  him  by  the  Mohammedan  law 
frequently  fail  to  save  a  man  from  sinking 
to  a  secondary  position  in  his  own  house. 
All  domestic  amusements  indulged  in  by 
men  are,  among  the  lower  and  more  esti- 
mable orders,  shared  by  the  women. 

In  towns,  these  envelope  themselves  in 
an  ample  white  wrapper,  like  the  Arab 
burnouse,  which  covers  them  to  the  feet, 
and  altogether  conceals  their  figure.  A 
network  in  the  hood,  spread  over  the  face, 
enables  them  to  see,  while  their  features 
are  invisible  to  others.  When  on  horse- 
back, those  of  the  upper  classes  wear  large 
white  cotton  wrappers  on  their  legs,  which 
completely  hides  the  shape  of  the  limb. 
Frequently,  also,  they  travel  in  hampers,  . 
large  enough  to  allow  of  their  reclining, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


113 


which  are  strung  like  paniers  over  a 
camel's  back,  and  covered  with  a  case  of 
broad  cloth.  They  are  hot  almost  to  suffo- 
cation during  the  sultry  season.  Females 
are  allowed  to  go  about  seated  in  this 
manner,  and  form  a  large  proportion  in 
the  crowds  which  throng  the  public  ways. 
Scrupulously  concealed  as  their  features 
are,  they  are  thus  subject  to  little  re- 
straint; and,  compared  with  their  sex  in 
the  neighbouring  regions,  though  they  do 
not  occupy  an  honourable,  they  are  by  no 
means  in  an  unhappy  position. 

In  the  rural  districts  they  are  still  more 
free,  and  go  without  a  veil.  Walking 
through  the  village  or  the  camp,  they  are 
subject  to  no  other  restraint  than  the 
universal  opinion  that  it  is  indecent  to 
associate  with  the  other  sex.  Should  a 
strange  man  approach,  they  immediately 
cover  their  faces.  At  home,  they  seldom 
enter  the  public  room  of  their  house  if  an 
Afghan  with  whom  they  are  not  intimate 
is  there.  With  Armenians,  Persians,  and 
Hindoos,  indeed,  they  do  not  hold  this 
reserve ;  for  they  consider  them  as  of  no 
importance ;  and  the  pride  of  her  race  is, 
in  these  cases,  a  sufficient  guardian  to  the 
woman's  virtue.  When  their  husbands 
are  from  home,  also,  they  receive  guests, 
and  entertain  them  with  all  the  liberal 
courtesy  required  by  the  sacred  laws  of 
hospitality. 

But  the  modesty  and  chastity  of  the 
country  women,  especially  of  those  belong- 
ing to  the  simple  shepherd  tribes,  has  been 
remarked  and  admired  by  almost  every 
traveller.  "  There  are  no  common  prosti- 
tutes," says  Mountstuart  Elphinstone, 
"  except  in  the  towns,  and  very  few  even 
there,  especially  in  the  west,  which  is  the 
colder  region ;  it  is  considered  very  disre- 
putable to  frequent  their  company."  In 
Afghanistan,  however,  as  in  all  other  parts 
of  the  East,  and  in  many  states  of  anti- 
quity, the  imperfect  education  of  the 
women  is  a  cause  of  profligacy  among  the 
men.  The  wives  and  concubines  who  fill 
a  rich  man's  harem  are  usually  ignorant, 
insipid,  and  unacquainted  even  with  the 
forms  of  conversation.  The  prostitutes,  on 
the  other  hand,  are  generally  well  versed 
in  the  science  of  the  world,  polished  in 
their  manners,  practised  in  the  arts  of  se- 
duction, and  afford  amusement  of  such 
interest  and  variety  that  men,  with  four 
wives  and  numerous  female  slaves  at  their 
command,  frequently  seek  the  society  of 
these  accomplished  women. 

An  able  and  judicious  writer  has  ob- 
served that,  as  far  as  he  recollected,  he 
saw  among  no  people  in  the  East,  except 


the  Afghans,  any  traces  of  the  sentiment 
which  we  call  love,  that  is,  according  to 
European  ideas.  There,  however,  it  not 
only  exists,  but  is  extremely  prevalent. 
One  sign  of  this  is  exhibited  in  the  nume- 
rous elopements,  which  are  always  attended 
with  peril,  and  are  risked  through  love. 
It  is  common  also  for  a  man  in  humble 
circumstances  to  pledge  his  faith  to  a  par- 
ticular girl,  and  then  start  off  to  some 
remote  town,  or  even  to  Lower  India, 
where,  by  industry  or  trade,  he  might 
acquire  wealth  enough  to  purchase  her 
from  her  friends.  One  traveller  met  at 
Poonah  a  young  man  who  had  contracted 
one  of  these  engagements.  He  had  formed 
an  attachment  with  the  daughter  of  a 
Mullah,  who  reciprocated  his  affection. 
Her  father  gave  his  consent  willingly  to 
the  marriage;  but  said  that  his  daughter's 
honour  would  suffer  if  she  did  not  bring  as 
large  a  price  as  the  other  women  of  her 
family.  The  young  people  were  much 
afflicted,  for  the  man  owned  only  one  horse. 
However,  his  mistress  gave  him  a  needle 
used  for  applying  antimony  to  the  eye,  and 
with  this  pledge  of  her  affection  he  was 
confidently  working  to  accumulate  the 
fortune  which  was  required  to  purchase 
her.  These  romantic  amours  are  most 
common  among  the  country  people,  espe- 
cially where  the  women  are  partially  se- 
cluded— accessible  enough  to  be  admired, 
but  withdrawn  enough  to  excite  the  lover's 
attachment  by  some  difficulty.  Among  the 
higher  orders  such  unions  are  less  frequent, 
though  with  them  also  they  occasionally 
occur.  It  was  an  affair  of  love  between 
a  chief  of  the  Turkolaunis  and  a  Khan  of 
the  Euzufzies  that  gave  rise  to  a  bloody 
war  which  lasted  many  years.  Many  of 
the  songs  and  tales  sung  and  told  among 
the  Afghans  have  love  for  their  plot  and 
spirit,  and  that  passion  is  expressed  in  the 
most  glowing  and  flowery  language.  Such 
a  trait  in  a  nation's  manners  is  highly  fa- 
vourable, and,  joined  with  many  others, 
renders  the  Afghan  one  of  the  most  admi- 
rable races  of  the  East. 

An  exceptional  feature  in  the  manners 
of  that  region  is  exhibited  by  the  Moolah 
Zukkee,  a  sect  of  infidel  pedants,  who  are 
more  unprincipled,  dissolute,  and  profligate 
than  any  other  class  in  the  countiy.  They 
resemble  in  their  conduct  the  Areois  of  the 
South  Sea  Islands,  doubt  the  truth  of  a 
future  state,  are  sceptical  as  to  the  exist- 
ence of  a  God,  and  have  released  themselves 
from  every  fear  of  hell.  They  have  taken 
full  advantage  of  this,  and  indulge  in  the 
vilest  lusts  without  check  or  shame.  This 
is  the  more  extraordinary  as  the  Afghans 


J 


I 

lU 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


are  represented,  on  tlie  whole,  as  a  devout 
and  pious  people. 

The  inhabitants  of  Afghanistan  are 
divided  into  the  stationary  and  wandering- 
population — the  dwellers  in  tents,  and  the 
dwellers  in  houses.  It  is  a  curious  fact 
that  the  dwellers  in  tents,  who  live  chiefly 
to  the  west,  are  the  more  chaste  and  moral. 
It  is  among  these,  however,  that  the  inter- 
course of  the  sexes  is  confined  less  by  law 
than  by  public  opinion.  Men  and  women 
dance  together,  but  in  modest  measures. 

The  slaves  we  have  alluded  to  are  divided 
into  the  home-born  and  the  foreign.  The 
beautiful  girls  are  purchased  for  the  harems 
of  the  rich ;  the  others  are  sold  as  menials, 
or  attendants  on  the  rich  women.  The 
habit  of  buying  concubines  is  unfortunately 
becoming  more  common.  Intercourse  with 
the  voluptuaries  of  Persia  has  seduced 
them  into  many  Persian  vices.  Naturally 
they  are,  perhaps,  one  of  the  least  volup- 
tuous nations  iu  Asia;  but  their  manners 
are  becoming  visibly  corrupted,  and  this 
decay  of  their  ancient  simplicity  is  felt 
and  regretted  by  themselves.  Corps  of 
prostitutes  and  harems  full  of  concubines 
will  do  the  work  of  the  sword  among  them, 
and  their  spirit  of  independence,  which 
never  yielded  even  before  English  bayonets, 
will  evaporate,  if  they  long  continue  to 
decline  in  their  morals  and  miinners. 
Luxury  has  subdued  more  great  nations 
than  the  sword. 

In  the  Vizeeree  country,  to  the  north  of 
the  Sherauni  district,  one  very  extraordinary 
custom  prevails ;  it  is  quite  peculiar  to  that 
tribe ;  the  v/omen  have  the  right  of  choosing 
their  husbands.  When  a  woman  has  fixed 
on  any  man  whom  she  desires  to  marry, 
she  sends  the  drummer  of  the  camp  to  pin 
a  handkerchief  on  his  cap,  with  a  pin  which 
she  has  previously  used  to  fasten  up  her  hair. 
The  drummer  goes  on  his  mission,  cautiously 
watches  his  opportunity,  and  executes  the 
feat  in  public,  naming  the  woman.  The 
man  is  obliged  immediately  to  take  her  as 
his  wife,  if  he  can  pay  her  price  to  her 
father  *. 

Op  Prostitution  in  Kashmir. 

In  Kashmir  we  find  the  Hindu  system  of 
manners  considerably  modified  by  various 
circumstances.  The  people  are  not  op- 
pressed by  that  rigid  code  of  etiquette, 
which  in  India  isolates  every  caste  and  al- 
most every  family.  Naturally  addicted  to 
pleasure,  they  find  much  of  their  enjoy- 

*  See  Elpliinstone's  Kabul;  Vignes'  Visit  to 
Ghuzni ;  Barnes'  Kabul. 


meut  in  the  society  of  the  female  sex,  and 
from  the  earliest  times  have  been  celebrated 
for  their  love  of  singers  and  dancers. 
Formerly,  when  the  valley  was  more  popu- 
lous and  flourishing  than  at  present,  its 
capital  city  was  the  scene  of  eternal  revel, 
iu  which  morals  stood  little  in  the  way  of 
those  gratifications  to  which  the  sensual 
ideas  of  the  richer  orders  inclined  them. 
Now,  under  a  vile  and  monstrous  despotism, 
the  inhabitants  relieve  themselves  from  a 
continual  struggle  with  misfortune  by  in- 
dulging in  gross  vices.  Formerly  they  were 
corrupted  by  luxury ;  now  they  decay 
through  misery,  and  drown  the  sense  of 
hopeless  poverty  in  the  gratification  of 
their  animal  passions. 

The  situation  of  the  female  sex  in  Kash- 
mir diff'ers  from  that  occupied  by  them 
among  the  Hindus  of  Bengal.  They  are 
far  more  free,  and  appear  more  licentious. 
The  women  of  this  delightful  and  romantic 
valley  have  long  been  celebrated  for  their 
grace  and  beauty.  Their  renown  extended 
on  the  one  side  as  far  as  the  plains  of  Cen- 
tral Asia,  and  on  the  other  beyond  the 
borders  of  the  Ganges.  They  were  formerly 
much  sought  after  by  the  Mogul  no- 
bility of  Delhi,  to  whom  they  bore  strong 
and  handsome  sons ;  and  even  after  that 
monarchy  had  declined  from  its  original 
opulence  and  power,  its  luxurious  kings 
solaced  themselves  in  their  humiliation  by 
concubines  and  dancing  girls  from  Kashmir. 
Nor  has  the  beauty  which  in  those  early 
ages  attracted  to  the  women  of  this  country 
the  admiration  of  all  the  East,  faded  in  any 
degree.  They  are  still  described  as  the 
flowers  of  Oriental  grace — not  so  slender  as 
the  Hindus  of  Bengal,  but  more  full,  round, 
voluptuous,  and  fascinating.  Since  few 
except  those  belonging  to  the  very  highest 
classes  wear  a  veil,  travellers  have  enjoyed 
abundant  opportunities  of  observing  the 
characteristics  of  the  sex.  The  face  is  of 
a  dark  complexion,  richly  flushed  with  pink ; 
the  eyes  are  large,  almond-shaped,  and 
overflowing  with  a  peculiar  liquid  brilliance  ; 
the  features  are  regular,  harmonious,  and 
fine  ;  while  the  person,  as  we  have  said,  is 
plump  and  round,  though  the  limbs  are 
often  models  of  grace.  Such  is  the  portrait 
we  are  led  to  draw  by  the  accounts  of  the 
best  writers.  They  agree,  however,  in 
adding,  that  among  all,  except  the  dancers, 
singers,  and  prostitutes,  with  probably  those 
few  women  who  are  shut  up  in  harems,  art 
has  done  nothing  to  aid  nature.  The  eyes, 
unsurpassed  for  brightness,  with  full  orbs, 
and  long  black  lashes,  shine  often  from  a 
dirty  face,  expressing  a  mind  flooded  with 
sensual  desires,  and  utterly  unadorned  by 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


115 


education  or  accomplishments.  Among 
the  poorer  classes,  especially,  filth,  poverty, 
and  degradation  render  many  of  the  women 
repulsive,  in  spite  of  their  natural  beauty. 
It  is  remarkable  that  the  inhabitants  of  the 
boats  on  the  lakes  possess  among  them  the 
handsomest  v/omen  in  the  valley. 

The  customs  of  marriage,  courtship,  and 
the  general  habits  of  the  women,  resemble 
so  closely  what  have  already  been  described 
in  treating  of  India,  that  we  need  not  enter 
into  any  particular  account  of  them.  The 
life  of  the  woman  belonging  to  a  chief  of 
high  rank  is  a  monotonous  seclusion.  She 
sits,  enveloped  in  full  wrappings  of  shawls 
and  robes,  amid  all  the  luxury  and  brilliance 
of  an  Oriental  harem,  with  every  appliance 
of  ease  and  comfort,  but  not  the  liberty 
which  the  humbler  orders  enjoy.  Wives  of 
all  classes,  indeed,  are  subject  to  their  hus- 
bands, but  those  of  the  nobles  are  most  un- 
der control.  They  often  experience  in  its 
full  bitterness  the  curse  of  slavery  under  a 
capricious  despot.  The  authority  of  the 
man  is  absolute. 

Mikran  Singh,  a  chief  of  the  valley, 
was  a  few  years  ago,  during  the  reign  of 
the  Maharaja  Runjit  Singh,  guilty  of  a 
horrible  act,  which  illustrates  in  a  striking 
manner  the  condition  of  women  in  that 
country.  His  wife  happened  to  be  in  the 
Punjab,  and,  while  there,  was  accused  by 
some  enemies  of  a  criminal  intrigue.  She 
was  sent  to  her  husband  in  Kashmir.  Her 
son  flung  his  dagger  at  the  feet  of  Mikran 
Singh,  and  threw  himself  at  his  knees, 
begging  mercy  for  his  mother.  The  man 
promised  to  forgive  her  ;  but,  as  soon  as 
occasion  offered,  ordered  her  to  be  forced 
into  a  bath  the  temperature  of  which  was 
rapidly  increased  with  the  purpose  of  suf- 
focating her.  She  was  tenacious  of  life,  and 
struggled  long  with  her  tortures,  filling 
the  palace  with  shrill  and  piercing  shrieks. 
Many  people  fled  from  the  neighbourhood 
that  they  might  not  listen  to  these 
fearful  cries.  At  length,  to  put  an  end 
to  this  horrid  scene,  the  husband  sent  his 
wife  a  bowl  of  poison,  which  she  drank  and 
immediately  died. 

Women  of  the  middle  and  lower  classes 
affect  no  concealment,  and  never  wear  a 
veil.  They  experience  less  caprice  from 
their  husbands,  and  are  perhaps  more  free 
than  females  in  Hindustan  formerly  were. 
Widows  have  long  been  released  from  the 
disgusting  obligation  of  burning  at  the 
funeral  pyre  of  their  husbands.  The  cus- 
tom, indeed,  was  at  no  time  very  prevalent 
in  the  valley,  and  since  the  decree  of 
abolition,  published  by  Aurungzebe  in 
1669,  it  has  never  been  revived.     Women 


in  Kashmir  bear  a  fair  proportion  to  the 
men,  and  are  proverbially  fruitful.  Tlie 
depopulation  of  the  country  is  owing  to  no 
natural  causes,  but  to  the  rapacious  des- 
potism under  which  it  suffers.  British 
government  would  soon,  witliout  a  doubt, 
restore  it  to  its  ancient  flourishing  condition, 
as  well  as  reform  its  manners. 

Travellers  in  Kashmir  always  remark  the 
dancing  girls,  for  which  it  was  formerl}'^  re- 
nowned. The  village  of  (Jhangus,  near  the 
ancient  city  of  Achibul,  v/^as  at  one  time 
celebrated  for  a  colony  of  them.  They 
excelled,  in  singing,  dancing,  and  other  ac- 
complishments, all  the  other  girls  of  the 
valley.  When  Vigne  visited  it  some  years 
ago,  the  village  had  fallen  to  decay,  and  its 
famous  beauties  had  disappeared.  Old  men, 
however,  remembered  and  spoke  of  them 
with  regret.  One,  whose  name  was  Lyli, 
still  lived  in  the  recollection  of  many.  A 
few  dancers  of  another  class  remained,  but 
were  inferior  in  their  natural  charms  and 
arts  to  those  of  the  city,  and  were  obliged 
to  be  content  with  engagements  in  the 
humbler  or  country  districts. 

These  women  may  be  divided  into  classes. 
Among  the  highest  we  might  find  some  that 
are  virtuous  and  even  modest,  as  we  may 
among  singers  and  actresses  in  Europe. 
Others  frequent  entertainments  at  the 
houses  of  rich  men  and  public  festivals, 
receiving  large  sums  for  their  attendance, 
and  occasionally  consent  to  prostitute  their 
persons  for  a  valuable  gift.  Others  are 
regular  professional  harlots,  indiscrimi- 
nately prostituting  themselves  to  any  who 
desire  their  society.  Many  of  these  are 
widows,  who  are  forbidden  to  marry  again, 
and  are  devoted  to  the  service  of  some 
god,  whose  temple  and  priests  they  enrich 
by  the  gains  of  their  disreputable  calling. 

The  Watul  or  Gipsy  tribe  of  Kashmir  is 
remarkable  for  the  loveliness  of  its  females. 
Living  in  tents  or  temporary  huts,  these 
Gipsies  pass  from  spot  to  spot ;  and  many 
of  their  handsomest  girls  are  sold  as  slaves 
to  furnish  the  harems  of  the  rich,  or  enter 
the  train  of  some  company  of  dancing 
girls.  These  are  bred  and  taught  to  please 
the  taste  of  the  voluptuary,  to  sing  li- 
centious songs  in  an  amorous  tone,  to 
dance  in  voluptuous  measures,  to  dress  in  a 
peculiar  style,  and  to  seduce  by  the  very  ex- 
pression of  their  countenances.  Formerly 
many  of  these  women  amassed  large  sums 
in  their  various  callings ;  but  now  that  the 
prosperity  of  the  valley  has  decreased,  the 
youngest  and  most  beautiful  seek  their 
fortunes  in  the  cities  of  Agra  and  Delhi; 
which,  though  decaying,  still  retain  traces 
of  the  imperial  luxury  and  profligacy  which 


12 


116 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


once  rendered  them  the  splendid  capitals  of 
the  East. 

The  bands  of  dancing  girls  are  usually 
attended  by  divers  hideous  duennas  and 
men,  whose  conspicuous  ugliness  makes  the 
loveliness  of  the  women  appear  more  com- 
plete through  contrast.  Baron  Hugel, 
whose  ideas  are  purely  German,  did  not 
find  his  sense  of  the  beautiful  satisfied  by 
the  women,  and  especially  the  public  women, 
of  Kashmir;  but  every  other  traveller,  from 
Bernier  to  Vigne,  expatiates  upon  the 
subject.  The  Baron  does  not,  in  other 
respects,  inspire  us  with  the  idea  that  he 
is  an  authority  on  such  a  question. 

The  Nach  girls  are  under  the  surveil- 
lance of  the  Government — which  licenses 
their  prostitution — and  lead  in  general  a 
miserable  life.  They  are  actual  slaves, 
cannot  sing  or  dance  without  permission 
from  their  overseer,  and  must  yield  up  to 
him  the  most  considerable  part  of  their 
profits.  Some  of  them  still  ask  large  sums, 
especially  from  strangers.  One  troop  de- 
manded from  our  German  author  a  hundred 
rupees  for  an  evening's  performance. 

The  education  of  a  superior  Nach  girl 
should  commence  when  she  is  no  more  than 
five  years  old.  Nine  years,  it  is  said,  are  re- 
quired to  perfect  them  in  song  and  dance. 
They  dress  usually  in  trowsers  of  rich- 
coloured  silk,  loosely  furled  round  the 
limb,  fitting  tight  at  the  ancle,  and  con- 
fined round  the  waist  by  a  girdle  and 
tasselSj  which  hang  down  to  the  knee.  Over 
these  is  draped  a  tunic  of  white  muslin, 
reaching  half-way  down  the  leg ;  but  when 
dancing  they  wear  a  full  flowing  garment 
of  soft  light  tissue  of  various  colours,  inter- 
mixed with  gold.  Some  have  been  seen 
with  ornament  3  on  their  persons  to  the  value 
of  10,000  or  12,000  rupees.  Some,  also, 
with  all  these  adornments,  neglect  to  be 
clean,  and  omit  perfume  from  among  the 
graces  of  their  toilette.  Their  songs  are 
often  full  of  sentiment  and  fancy,  finely 
expressed,  and  accompanied  by  pleasing 
music.  Their  dances  are  not  chaste  or 
modest;  but  neither  are  they  obscene  or 
gross. 

Among  the  poorer  orders  exist  a  swarm 
of  prostitutes,  frequenting  low  houses  in 
the  cities  or  boats  on  the  lakes;  but  of 
their  modes  of  life  we  have  no  account. 
Probably  the  manners  of  prostitutes  difier 
little  throughout  the  world.  It  is  certain 
that  they  are  largely  patronised  by  the 
more  demoralised  part  of  the  population. 
The  traveller  Moorcroft,  who  gave  gra- 
tuitous advice  to  the  poor  of  Serinaghur, 
had  at  one  time  nearly  7000  patients  on 
his  list.     Of  these  a  very  large   number 


were  sufiering  from  loathsome  diseases,  in- 
duced by  the  grossest  and  most  persevering 
profligacy.  Altogether  the  manners  of 
Kashmir  appear  very  corrupt*. 

Of  Prostitution  in  India. 

We  shall  have  to  view  the  Hindus  under 
two  aspects — as  they  were  under  their 
former  oppressors,  and  as  they  are  under 
the  administration  of  the  Company.  The 
change  of  rule  has  wi-ought,  and  is  working, 
a  change  in  the  manners  and  institutions 
of  the  jjeople  perfectly  w^onderful  to  con- 
template. Climate  and  position  have  much 
to  do  with  national  characteristics,  but 
government  has  more.  India  under  the 
English  no  more  resembles  India  under  the 
Mogul,  than  the  England  of  the  nineteenth 
century  resembles  the  England  of  the  Hep- 
tarchy. A  beneficent  revolution  in  her 
fortune  has  occurred,  which  is  developing 
an  extraordinary  reform  in  the  customs 
and  ideas  of  her  native  race.  Consequently 
a  distinction  must  be  observed  between  the 
old  and  the  new  state  of  things.  It  will  be 
necessary,  also,  to  distinguish  those  pro- 
vinces which  are  absolutely  under  our 
sway  from  those  which  are  independent,  or 
only  related  to  us  by  subsidiary  alliances. 
A  strong  contrast  is  exhibited  by  these 
difierent  communities,  which,  as  far  as  the 
welfare  of  the  people  is  concerned,  difier  as 
much  from  each  other  as  the  slave  states 
of  western  Africa  difier  from  the  popula- 
tion of  Cape  Colony.  In  the  one  a  wise 
and  beneficent  government  is  administered 
for  the  happiness  of  the  people  ;  in  the 
other,  an  imbecile  yet  savage  tyranny 
makes  them  look  with  jealousy  on  their 
more  fortunate  neighbours.  This  is  an 
important  consideration,  and  by  no  means 
irrelevant  to  our  subject,  for  it  illustrates 
the  influence  of  laws  and  institutions  upon 
the  manners  and  morals  of  a  nation. 

The  state  of  women  among  the  Hindus 
is  not  elevated,  and  as  long  as  their  ancient 
teachers  of  religion  are  revered,  such  must 
be  the  case.  The  female  sex  is  held  abso- 
lutely dependent  on  the  male,  and,  as  among 
the  Chinese,  the  father  before  marriage, 
the  husband  afterwards,  and  the  son  in 
widowhood,  are  the  natural  protectors 
assigned  by  the  sacred  law.  Nothing  is  to 
be  done  by  a  woman  of  her  purely  inde- 
pendent will.  She  must  reverence  her 
lord,  and  approach  him  with  humble  re- 

*  Vigne's  Tnavels  in  Kashmir  ;  Hngel's  Travels 
in  Kashmir ;  Moorcroft's  Travels  in  the  Himalayan 
Provinces ;  Forster's  Travels  from  Bengal  to 
England ;  Hamilton's  East  India  Gazetteer ; 
Bernier's  Travels  in  the  Empire  of  the  Mogul. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


117 


spect.  She  is  boimd  to  him  while  he  de- 
sires it,  whatever  his  conduct  may  be,  and, 
if  she  rebel,  is  to  be  chastised  with  a  rope 
or  cane  on  the  -back  part  of  her  person, 
"  and  not  on  a  noble  part,  by  any  means." 

Writers  with  a  particular  theory  to  sup- 
port frequently  quote  the  institutes  of 
Menu,  to  show  that  a  contempt  of  women 
is  inculcated,  and  hard  usage  of  them  en- 
couraged by  the  precepts  of  that  singular 
code. 

Indolence,  vanity,  irascible  humours, 
evil  dispositions,  and  lasciviousness,  are 
enumerated  as  the  vices  which  are  declared 
natural  to  them.  "A  woman  is  chaste, 
when  there  is  neither  place,  time,  nor  per- 
son, to  afford  her  an  opportunity  to  be  im- 
moral," says  the  "  Hetopadera,"  which  is 
quoted  in  application  to  the  whole  sex, 
though  it  applies  only  as  Professor  Wilson 
— the  great  authority  on  this  subject — ob- 
serves, to  that  class  of  idle,  intemperate, 
profligate  females,  to  be  found  in  every 
society.  Passages  undoubtedly  occur  in 
the  laws  and  in  satirical  compositions 
levelled  at  the  whole  sex ;  but  the  Hindus 
themselves  usually  describe  them  as  amia- 
ble, modest,  gentle,  chaste,  full  of  wit,  and 
excelling  in  every  grace.  They  are  al- 
lowed to  inherit  property  ;  they  are  per- 
mitted under  certain  circumstances  to 
exercise  power,  though  by  indirect  means; 
and  they  certainly  exert  great  influence 
over  the  men.  In  no  state  of  ancient 
times,  except  the  polished  republics  of 
Greece  and  Rome,  were  women  held  in  so 
much  esteem  as  among  the  Hindus. 

Debarred  as  they  are  from  the  advantages 
of  education,  not  allowed  to  eat  with  their 
husbands,  and  forbidden  from  mixing  in 
society,  the  Hindu  women,  of  course,  are 
degraded  below  their  just  position ;  but  it 
is  not  true  that  they  are  abject  slaves, 
or  are  generally  treated  with  barbarity. 
Among  the  more  wild  and  barbarous  tribes, 
as  well  as  the  more  ignorant  classes  in  all 
parts  of  India,  men  frequently  beat  their 
wives ;  but,  from  the  few  revelations  of  the 
Zenana  which  have  been  made,  it  would 
appear  that  its  inmates  are  generally 
treated  with  considerable  deference  and 
attention.  The  contact  of  Mohammedan 
with  Hindu  manners  has  certainly,  how- 
ever, had  an  effect  on  the  latter,  which  has 
depreciated  the  rank  and  estimation  of  the 
female  sex. 

Nowhere,  indeed,  where  polygamy  is 
allowed,  can  women  hold  their  true  posi- 
tion. In  India,  however,  though  permitted, 
it  was  not  encouraged  by  the  religious 
law,  and  sanctioned  in  particular  cases 
only,  as  barrenness,  inconstancy,  aversion, 


or  some  other  similar  cause.  The  wife,  also, 
must  be  consulted,  and  her  consent  obtained 
to  the  second  match.  She  still  held  the 
principal  rank  in  the  family,  for  the  new 
comer  could  not  take  her  place  while  she 
remained  in  the  household. 

In  various  parts  of  India,  different  cus- 
toms of  marriage  prevail.  There  are,  in- 
deed, four  prescribed  forms — all  honourable, 
and  various  only  in  detail.  A  fifth  is,  when 
the  bridegroom,  contrary  to  the  sacred  law, 
traffics  for  a  girl.  Another  is,  when  a 
captive,  left  helpless  in  a  man's  power,  is 
forced  to  become  the  companion  of  his  bed. 
And  a  last  is,  when  a  girl  is  ravished,  when 
surprised  asleep,  and  taken  off  or  deluded 
to  the  house  of  a  new  master. 

Marriage  is  viewed  as  a  religious  duty 
by  the  Hindus.  A  few  are  exempted,  under 
special  circumstances,  from  the  fulfilment 
of  this  sacred  obligation.  The  rules  of 
law  enacted  with  respect  to  it  apply  chiefly 
to  affairs  of  caste,  with  which  we  have  here 
little  to  do.  It  is  forbidden  to  purchase  a 
wife  for  money,  except  under  particular 
conditions  ;  but  the  young  girls  have  little 
share  in  their  own  destiny,  being  usually 
betrothed  while  very  young.  The  father 
has  the  disposal  of  them  until  three  years 
after  the  age  of  puberty,  when  it  is  reckoned 
disgraceful  for  her  to  be  single,  and  then 
she  may  choose  a  partner  for  herself.  Few, 
however,  will  marry  a  maiden  so  old.  In 
Bahar  the  girl,  betrothed  while  an  infant, 
is  not  permitted  to  enter  her  husband's 
house  until  mature,  when  she  is  conducted 
thither  with  as  much  ceremony  as  the 
circumstances  of  the  family  will  allow. 
In  Bengal  the  couple  are  pledged  with 
many  rites  and  a  profusion  of  expense. 
The  bride  is  taken  to  her  husband's  house, 
remains  there  a  little  while,  and  then  goes 
home  for  a  short  period,  but  the  whole  is 
consummated  as  soon  after  ten  years  of 
age  as  practicable.  The  timid  effeminate 
Bengalee  appears  of  a  sensual  character, 
and  regards  his  wife  as  little  more  than  the 
instrument  of  his  pleasure.  A  better  state 
of  things  is  now  beginning  to  prevail  there, 
in  consequence  of  the  efforts  made  by  the 
Company  ;  but  under  the  old  system,  not 
one  female  in  twenty  thousand  was  allowed 
to  acquire  the  least  particle  of  learning. 
The  natives  excuse  or  justify  this  fact, — 
first,  by  the  prohibition  against  educating 
girls  which  are  contained  in  their  sacred 
books ;  and  secondly,  by  declaring  that 
many  women  would,  did  they  possess  those 
means  of  intrigue,  run  riot  in  profligacy 
and  vice. 

The  birth  of  a  daughter  being  through- 
out the  East,  and    especially    in   Bengal, 


lis 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


regarded  as  less  auspicious  than  that  of  a 
son,  indicates  a  low  position  of  the  sex. 
From  that  moment  her  parents  are  solicitous 
to  settle  her,  so  that  she  is  often  in  infancy 
pledged  for  life.  The  character  of  the 
bridegroom  is  of  little  consequence. 
Matches,  consequently,  often  prove  un- 
happy, especially  where  the  jealousy  or 
despotism  of  the  husband  forces  the  woman 
to  live  in  seclusion,  and  mainly  within  the 
private  recesses  of  the  zenana.  This,  how- 
ever, is  not  the  general  custom,  women  being 
allowed  to  appear  at  festivals  and  jubilees. 
Even  the  wives  of  respectable  Hindus  fre- 
quently quit  the  interior  apartments  set 
aside  for  them,  and  go  to  bathe  in  the  waters 
of  the  Ganges  or  some  other  holy  stream. 
The  poorer,  of  course,  who  assign  a  share 
of  labour  to  their  wives,  cannot  seclude 
them  if  they  would,  for  the  expense  of 
confinement  is  not  inconsiderable. 

The  wife  waits  on  her  husband,  and  is 
treated  with  very  partial  confidence.  In 
the  lower  ranks  she  is  employed  to  prepare 
cow-dung  for  fuel,  to  fetch  Avater,  to  make 
purchases  in  the  markets,  and  perform  the 
drudgery  of  the  house,  though  this  is  no 
more  than  is  done  by  the  poorer  classes  in 
Europe.  The  rich  woman  adorns  herself, 
curls  her  hair,  listens  to  the  gossip  of  her 
slaves,  and  indulges  in  what  amusements 
may  be  within  her  reach.  It  may  be 
imagined  that  the  child  or  wife,  uneducated 
and  without  a  gleam  of  light  in  her  mind, 
amuses  herself  by  a  thousand  trivial  de- 
vices. The  home  is  thus  not  unhappy, 
unless  the  husband  be  naturally  harsh,  or 
the  house  be  ruled  by  a  tyrannical  mother- 
in-law,  which  is  often  the  case.  Matches 
founded  upon  a  mutual  attachment  are 
very  rare,  but  by  no  means  unknown.  The 
romances  of  the  Hindus  are  in  many 
cases  founded  on  them.  The  general  plan, 
however,  is  for  the  parties  to  be  betrothed 
in  childhood. 

AVhen  they  perform  the  ceremonies  of 
marriage  they  are  complete  strangers  to 
each  other  ;  yet  Hindu  wives  mre,  on  the 
whole,  faithful.  When  the  husband  finds 
himself  united  to  a  woman  who  is  hatefCil 
to  him,  he  neglects  her  altogether,  and 
takes  another  or  a  concubine,  though  this 
is  against  the  ancient  law.  In  many  things, 
however,  the  practice  of  this  nation,  espe- 
cially among  the  ruder  classes,  is  opposed  to 
that  extraordinary  sacred  code.  However, 
if  he  have  no  children,  he  adopts  this  plan 
of  ensuring  them,  and  frequently  conceals 
the  facts  for  a  long  time  from  his  wife. 
Polygamy  causes  great  troubles  in  the 
Bengalee  households.  A  man  is  not  allowed 
by  law  to  take  a  new  partner  after  fifty, 


but  this  regulation  is  observed  by  few. 
These  customs,  together  with  the  facility  of 
divorce — a  privilege  from  which  the  female 
sex  is  excluded — contribute  to  the  demo- 
ralization of  society.  A  man  calling  his 
wife  mother,  by  that  act  renounces  her,  and 
is  thenceforward  free  from  the  tie.  A 
barren  wife  may  be  superseded  in  the 
eighth  year  ;  she  whose  children  are  all  dead 
in  the  birth  ;  she  who  bears  only  daughters, 
in  the  eleventh  ;  while  she  who  is  of  an  un- 
kind disposition  may  be  divorced  without 
delay.  The  whole  code,  composed  by  the 
priestly  order,  is  unjust  to  the  sex. 

Of  the  general  character  of  the  female 
sex  in  Hindustan  very  exaggerated  ideas 
commonly  prevail.  It  is  represented  as  cor- 
rupted throughout  by  the  obscenity  and  in- 
decency of  the  public  religion  and  the  in- 
stitutions framed  by  priests.  It  is  true 
the  Hindu  Pantheon  is  a  representation 
of  the  lowest  vices,  and  that  the  manners  of 
the  people  are  by  no  means  delicate  ;  yet  the 
respectable  class  of  women  appear  chaste, 
orderly,  modest,  and  decorous.  The  fair 
muscular  race  of  Afghanistan  has  indeed 
been  depicted  in  favourable  contrast  to  the 
dark  and  slim  race  of  Bengal,  but  this  need 
suppose  no  characteristic  depravity  in  the 
latter,  for  the  hardy  mountaineers  are  cele- 
brated for  their  contempt  of  sensual  plea- 
sures. Other  parts  of  India  exhibit  their 
peculiar  features.  Among  the  rude  Mughs 
of  Arracan — a  hunting  and  fishing,  as 
well  as  cultivating,  and  formerly  a  pre- 
datory tribe — when  a  man  wants  money 
he  pawns  his  wife  for  a  certain  sum,  or 
transfers  her  altogether.  In  the  southern 
parts  of  the  Peninsula  and  the  Mysore, 
manners  are  more  licentious,  and  women  are 
more  debased.  There  polygamy  has  always 
been  practised  by  the  powerful  and  wealthy 
whose  means  enabled  them  to  enjoy  indul- 
gences discouraged  by  the  precepts  of  the 
ancient  law.  Buchanan,  travelling  towards 
the  close  of  the  eighteenth  century,  found 
about  80  concubines  secluded  in  the  palace 
of  Tippoo  Sultan,  at  Seringapatam.  These 
were  attended  hy  more  than  .500  handmaids. 
The  same  traveller  made  a  diligent  inquiry 
into  the  manners  of  the  various  commu- 
nities he  visited.  Among  the  Teliga  Di- 
vangas, followers  of  Siva,  a  man  was  allowed 
to  take  many  wives,  but  not  to  hurt  them, 
or  divorce  them,  except  for  adultery.  It 
was  once  the  practice  for  the  widow  to 
bury  herself  alive  with  the  body  of  her 
husband. 

The  Sha,ynagas  of  Canara  were  not 
allowed  to  take  a  second  wife  unless  the 
first  had  died,  or  had  no  children.  The 
Corannas    permitted    polygamy,   and    girls 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


119 


were  purchased  for  money.  Adultery  was 
punished  by  a  beating  or  by  a  divorce,  in 
which  case  the  guilty  wife  might  marry 
whom  she  pleased.  The  Pauchalaru  had 
similar  laws,  and  so  indeed  had  many  other 
tribes.  One  of  the  most  general  rules  was, 
that  a  woman  could  not  be  divorced  except 
for  faithless  conduct.  Widows  were  some- 
times destroyed.  Among  the  Bherid  and 
many  others,  marriage  was  contracted, 
under  obligation,  before  the  age  of  pu- 
berty. If  a  girl  remained  single  beyond 
that  age,  no  credit  was  given  to  her  vir- 
ginity ;  she  was  declared  incapable  of 
marriage,  and  usually  took  resource  m 
prostitution. 

The  severe  laws  against  violating  the 
law  of  chastity  have  not,  in  India,  been 
formed  so  much  for  the  protection  of  mo- 
rals, as  for  preserving  the  boundaries  of 
castes.  Women  are  severely  punished  for 
holding  intercourse  with  a  man  of  superior 
caste  ;  that  is,  if  the  intrigue  be  dis- 
covered, for  there  is  no  doubt  that  such 
intrigues  frequently  occur. 

Among  the  Woddas  the  laws  of  marriage 
were  by  no  means  so  stringent  as  among 
many  other  tribes  visited  by  Buchanan. 
Women  abounded.  Every  man  had  as 
many  wives  as  he  pleased.  They  all  la- 
boured for  him  ;  and  if  one  was  lazy  she 
was  divorced,  though  left  free  to  marry 
again  ;  she  also  might  leave  him  if  hardly 
treated,  but  could  not  contract  a  new  en- 
gagement without  his  consent. 

The  Carruburru  permitted  adulteresses 
to  live  with  any  man  who  would  keep  them, 
provided  their  husbands  did  not  imme- 
diately desire  revenge.  They  were  de- 
spised, but  not  altogether  cast  out  from 
the  communion  of  social  life.  The  chil- 
dren of  concubines  enjoyed  equal  rights 
with  those  of  real  wives.  That  they  were 
a  gross  people  is  proved  by  the  fact  that 
adultery  was  sometimes  winked  at  in  an 
industrious  woman,  too  valuable  as  a  ser- 
vant to  lose.  The  more  refined  idea,  how- 
ever, which  prevailed  among  them  of  not 
allowing  a  girl  to  marry  until  naturally 
marriageable,  was  looked  upon  by  mem- 
bers of  the  higher  castes  as  a  "beastly 
depravity. 

Among  the  Rajpoots  women  are  not 
degraded  ;  they  hold  a  higher  position. 
Ladies  of  rank  are,  indeed,  secluded,  but 
more  from  ideas  of  dignity  and  etiquette 
than  sentiments  of  jealousy  or  the  habit 
of  despotism.  There  is  an  air  of  chivalry 
in  some  of  their  customs.  A  woman  of 
high  station,  threatened  with  danger,  some- 
times sent  to  any  youth  whom  she  might 
admire  the  present  of  a  bracelet.     He  was 


then  called  her  "bracelet-bound  brother," 
and  was  expected  to  defend  her  under  all 
circumstances,  even  at  the  hazard  of  his  life. 

Men,  it  has  been  remarked,  make  the 
laws — women  make  the  manners — of  a 
country.  In  Raj  as  than,  the  few  women 
reared  exercised  great  intiuence  on  the 
actions,  habitudes,  and  tastes  of  the  men. 
The  Rajpoot  consults  his  wife  on  every 
important  occasion  ;  and,  much  as  we  are 
given  to  lament  the  condition  of  these 
women,  it  is  by  no  meani  so  debased  as 
many  writers  would  persuade  us  to  ima- 
gine. Marriage  contracts  which  often,  as 
among  the  Jews,  took  place  at  the  well, 
where  the  young  girls  assembled  to  draw 
water  and  converse,  were,  in  frequent  in- 
stances, the  commencement  of  a  happy 
life.  The  precepts  of  Menu  have  been 
quoted  to  show  the  contempt  of  the  sex 
inculcated  by  the  sacred  books.  His  cen- 
sures on  a  class,  however,  have  been  taken 
as  his  description  of  all  womankind — but 
falsely ;  for  the  Rajpoot  proverbs  on  this 
subject  are  derived  from  those  famous 
institutes.  The  mouth  of  a  woman, 
we  find  there,  is  constantly  pure.  Her 
name  should  be  chosen  graceful  and  eu- 
phonous,  resembling  a  word  of  benedic- 
tion. When  they  are  honoured,  the  gods 
are  pleased  ;  when  they  are  dishonoured, 
the  gods  are  oftended.  The  language  of 
another  sage  was  full  of  rich,  and,  perhaps, 
exaggerated  sentiment.  '"  Strike  not,  even 
with  a  blossom,  a  wife  guilty  of  a  hundied 
faults."  The  religious  maxims  laid  down 
for  married  couples  is  equally  elevated. 
"  Let  mutual  fidelity  continue  until  death." 
Intermarriage  is  prohibited  in  the  same 
clan,  or  even  tribe,  though  the  patronymic 
n)ay  have  been  lost  fur  centuries.  Eight 
hundred  years  had  divided  the  two 
branches  of  one  famous  house,  yet  an  al- 
liance between  them  was  prohibited  as 
incestuous. 

Pregnant  women  and  maidens  are  in 
Rajpootana  treated  with  great  tenderness 
and  respect.  Many  women  in  this  country 
can  read  and  write.  They  cannot  govern 
actually ;  but  indirectly  as  regents,  several 
of  them  have  equalled  in  vigour  and 
tyranny  any  of  the  masculine  tyrants  for 
which  Asia  is  so  celebrated.  Polygamy 
has  caused  many  troubles  in  the  country ; 
and  at  a  remote  period  in  its  history  we 
discover  an  instance  of  polyandrism. 

One  of  the  modified  systems  we  have 
alluded  to  exists  in  Sindh  and  the  Indian 
provinces  of  Beluchistan.  Little  gifted 
by  nature,  the  Baluchi  women  are  the 
servants  of  their  husbands,  and  labour 
while  their  lords  are  feasting  or  sleeping. 


120 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Nevertheless,  when,  under  the  destructive 
tyranny  of  the  Amirs,  a  foray  was  about 
to  be  undertaken,  or  any  danger  averted, 
the  females  of  the  village  were  taken  into 
consultation,  and  strongly  influenced  the 
councils  of  the  men.  A  strong  resemblance 
was  discovered  by  Pottinger  between  the 
moral  and  social  institutions  of  the  Belu- 
chis,  especially  in  reference  to  marriage, 
and  those  of  the  Jews. 

A  woman's  husband  dying,  his  brother 
is  bound  to  marry  her,  and  his  children  are 
heirs  of  the  deceased.  A  similar  enact- 
ment is  to  be  found  in  the  law  as  set  forth 
in  Deuteronomy.  In  cases  of  adultery,  full 
expiation  and  atonement  must  be  made,  or 
both  criminals  put  to  death.  The  regula- 
tions with  respect  to  divorce  are  very 
similar.  The  resemblance  between  Indian 
manners  and  those  of  the  Jews  was,  as 
early  as  1704,  noticed  by  an  anonymous 
French  writer,  who  drew  up  a  curious 
parallel  in  support  of  his  theory. 

The  Muzmi,  or  hill  tribes  of  Nepaul, 
who  are  not  Hindus,  follow  the  customs 
of  Upper  Thibet  in  most  things,  except  poly- 
andrism,  or  the  plurality  of  husbands. 
Their  women  enjoy  considerable  privileges. 
The  females  of  the  Brahmin  and  India 
class  in  Central  India,  also,  possess  great 
influence  over  their  husbands.  If  married 
to  men  of  any  consequence,  they  have  a 
right  to  a  separate  provision,  and  an  estate 
of  their  own.  They  enjoy  much  liberty, 
seldom  wear  a  veil,  give  entertainments, 
and  expend  much  money  in  jewels  and 
clothes.  In  the  families  of  the  great 
Sindia  and  Holkar  they  wielded  no  mean 
degree  of  power,  which  they  seldom  exerted 
in  the  cause  of  peace.  Their  education  is 
not  by  any  means  so  limited  as  that  of 
their  sex  in  Bengal.  Generally,  among  the 
Mohammedans  of  India,  the  women  of  high 
rank  are  somewhat  secluded,  though  not 
severely  restrained  ;  but  those  of  the  lower 
classes,  sharing  as  they  do  the  labours  and 
the  pleasures  of  their  husbands,  are  neither 
watched  nor  immured.  Whether  they  are 
harshly  used  or  not  depends  very  much,  as 
in  England,  on  the  individual  character  of 
the  husband.  No  description  will  apply 
universally  to  the  conduct  of  any  race. 
In  Bengal  there  were,  under  native  rule, 
many  female  zemindars,  or  village  revenue 
administrators,  who  were,  however,  subject 
to  the  influence,  but  not  to  the  authority, 
of  the  male  members  of  their  family.  Among 
the  tribes  of  the  llajamahal  Hills,  on  the 
western  borders  of  that  province,  fewer 
restrictions  still  are  in  practice.  They  are 
not  Hindus  of  caste,  and  therefore  more  free 
to  obey  their  natural  inclinations.     One  of 


their  most  prominent  distinctions  is  the 
permission  for  widows  to  marry  again. 
Their  morality  is  tolerably  good.  ^Tien  a 
man  sees  his  son  inclined  to  the  company 
of  prostitutes,  he  asks  him  if  he  desires  to 
be  married.  If  he  replies  in  the  affirmative, 
a  neighbour  is  sent — unless  a  choice  have 
been  already  made — to  find  a  suitable  girl. 
Both  parties  must  agree  to  the  match, 
though  the  girls,  being  wedded  very  young, 
seldom  oppose  their  parents'  will.  The 
young  man's  father  makes  a  present  to 
the  father  of  the  bride  ;  a  marriage  dinner 
is  provided,  the  newly-joined  couple  eat  off 
the  same  leaf,  their  hands  are  joined, 
they  are  exhorted  not  to  quarrel,  and  the 
youth  then  takes  home  his  wife. 

One  of  the  most  remarkable  and  cele- 
brated institutions  of  the  Hindus  was 
that  of  suttee,  or  the  burning  of  the 
widow  with  her  husband's  body.  The 
shastres,  or  sacred  books,  are  full  of  recom- 
mendations to  perform  this  terrible  sacri- 
fice, and  promise  ineffable  bliss  to  the 
voluntary  victim.  This  custom  of  female 
immolation,  which  distinguished  especially 
Rajpoot  manners,  had  its  origin,  according 
to  the  priests,  in  the  example  of  a  holy 
personage,  who,  to  avenge  an  insult,  con- 
sumed herself  before  an  assemblage  of 
the  gods.  Custom  gave  it  sanction,  as 
religion  offered  it  a  reward.  The  institu- 
tion of  castes,  however,  and  the  perpe- 
tual separation  enjoined  upon  them,  appear 
to  have  been  the  real  origin  of  the  custom. 
In  a  few  instances  a  man  might  marry  a 
woman  of  inferior  order,  but  in  no  case 
could  she  descend.  Polygamy  being  prac- 
tised, men  continually  left  numerous  young 
widows,  who,  being  forbidden  under  the 
pain  of  damnation,  to  contract  a  second 
engagement,  had  to  choose  between  infamy, 
misery,  and  the  funeral  pile.  It  is  said 
that  15,000  victims  formerly  perished 
annually  in  Bengal.  When  we  remember 
that  60  sometimes  died  on  one  pyre,  we  can 
believe  that  a  large  number  were  thus 
destroyed  ;  but  the  calculation  alluded  to 
appears,  nevertheless,  extravagant.  It  is  un- 
necessary here  to  enter  largely  on  the  subj  ect, 
which  is  familiar  to  every  general  reader. 
Happily  the  horrible  practice  is  now  eflec- 
tually  abolished  throughout  the  British 
dominions — one  among  the  innumerable 
blessings  achieved  for  that  region  by  the 
Company's  administration.  The  contrast 
between  the  native  states  and  the  English 
provinces  is  remarkable,  if  for  this  alone. 
At  the  death  of  Runjit  Singh  a  large  sacrifice 
of  women  was  made  for  his  funeral,  but  now 
that  the  Punjab  is  annexed,  no  more  will 
be  permitted. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


121 


In  Central  India  the  custom  prevailed 
most  when  the  Rajpoots  were  in  the  height 
of  their  power,  their  influence,  and  their 
pride.  The  suttees  were  then  very  fre- 
quent, as  is  attested,  among  other  evi- 
dences, by  the  number  of  monuments  still 
remaining,  with  representations  of  the  cere- 
mony, which  were  erected  in  memory  of 
the  devoted  wives.  The  Mohammedans, 
when  they  were  supreme,  endeavoured,  as 
far  as  possible,  to  check  the  practice.  The 
Mahrattas,  by  a  judicious  neglect  and  in- 
difference, which  neither  encouraged  by 
a[>proval  nor  provoked  by  prohibition, 
which  they  were  unable  to  enforce,  ren- 
dered it  very  rare.  When  Sir  John  Mal- 
colm wrote,  about  1820,  there  had  not 
been,  as  far  as  it  was  possible  to  know, 
throughout  Central  India,  more  than  three 
or  four  instances  annually  during  the  last 
twenty  years.  These  instances  were  con- 
fined to  particular  communities  of  Rajpoots 
and  Brahmins,  while  no  examples  occurred, 
as  under  the  princes  of  Jeydpoor,  Jaidpoor, 
and  Ondepoor,  of  women  being  forcibly 
dragged  to  the  pile  and  thrust,  an  un- 
willing sacrifice,  into  the  flames.  Some  of 
the  greatest  fanatics  had  entirely  aban- 
doned the  custom  for  several  generations. 
Where  it  continued  most  generally  to  be 
preserved  was  where  the  priests  denounced 
the  terrors  of  heavenly  vengeance  against 
those  who  dared  to  allow  one  precept  of 
the  sacred  code  to  be  set  aside.  These 
hereditary  nobles  of  India  obstructed  the 
social  reform  of  the  country  with  all  the 
bigotry  usual  to  such  a  class.  There  was 
no  duty,  said  the  law,  which  a  woman 
could  honourably  fulfil,  after  her  husband's 
death,  except  casting  herself  in  the  same 
fire  with  him. 

Formerly  the  horrors  of  the  practice,  in 
its  details,  could  not  be  exaggerated, 
though  writers  occasionally  enlarged  upon 
the  general  results.  Children  of  eight  or 
ten  years  of  age  have  devoted  themselves 
sometimes,  through  fear  of  the  harsh  usage 
they  experienced  from  their  relatives.  Wo- 
men of  85  have  been  plunged  into  the 
blazing  pile ;  and  maidens  not  married, 
but  only  betrothed,  have  been  made  a  sa- 
crifice with  the  ashes  of  their  intended 
husbands.  In  Ripa,  if  one  wife  consented 
to  burn,  all  the  rest  were  compelled  to 
follow  her  example.  Fearful  scenes  have 
on  these  occasions  been  witnessed  by  tra- 
vellers. A  miserable  wretch,  escaping  twice 
from  the  pyre,  has  clung  to  their  feet,  im- 
ploring them  to  defend  her,  until,  naked, 
with  the  flesh  burned  off'  many  parts  of 
her  person,  she  has  been  finally  flung  upon 
the  burning  heap.     Young  children,  bound 


together,  have  been  laid  struggling  by  the 
body,  and  appeared  to  be  dead  from  fear 
before  the  wood  was  kindled.  Among  the 
Yogees,  the  wife  sometimes  buried  herself 
alive  with  the  corpse  of  her  husband.  In 
1803  it  was  computed  that  430  suttees 
took  place  within  30  miles  of  Calcutta — 
in  1804  between  200  and  300.  What 
"  Aborigines'  Protection  Society  "  can  re- 
gret the  revolution  which  has  given  India 
into  the  hands  of  England  ? 

The  painful  subject  of  infanticide  is  next 
forced  upon  our  contemplation.  Formerly 
it  prevailed  to  a  great  extent  in  India, 
though  the  exertions  of  the  Company  have 
now  all  but  extirpated  it  from  the  British 
dominions.  Various  circumstances  contri- 
buted in  Rajpootana  to  encourage  the  de- 
struction of  female  children.  The  Rajpoot 
must  marry  a  woman  of  pure  blood,  be- 
yond the  utmost  degree  of  affinity  to  him. 
To  find  partners  for  their  daughters  was, 
therefore,  a  difficult  undertaking  for  the 
haughty  nobility  of  Rajast'han.  Besides, 
the  stupendous  extravagance  of  the  nobles 
at  their  wedding  feasts — which  the  pride 
of  caste  compelled — rendered  such  con- 
tracts an  overwhelming  expense.  The  ma- 
jority of  the  female  infants  were  therefore 
slain.  In  cases  where  a  community  was 
threatened  with  danger  from  an  enemy,  all 
the  children,  and,  indeed,  all  the  women, 
were  slaughtered,  lest  they  should  fall  into 
strange  hands.  Custom  sanctioned,  but 
neither  traditionary  law  nor  religion  al- 
lowed, infanticide,  of  which  the  ancient 
dwellers  on  the  banks  of  the  Indus  gave 
an  early  example.  It  was  the  custom 
among  them,  says  Ferishta,  when  a  female 
child  was  born,  to  carry  it  to  the  market- 
place. There  the  parent,  holding  a  knife 
IQ  one  hand  and  his  infant  in  the  other, 
demanded  whether  any  one  wanted  a  wife. 
If  no  one  came  forward  to  claim  the  child 
as  a  future  bride,  it  was  sacrificed.  This 
caused  a  large  numerical  superiority  of 
men.  Such  a  birth  was  among  the  Raj- 
poots an  occasion  of  sorrow.  Its  destruc- 
tion was  a  melancholy  event.  Families 
were  accustomed  to  boast  of  the  suttees  to 
which  they  had  contributed  the  victims, 
but  none  ever  recurred  with  pride  to  the 
children  which  had  thus  been  slain.  The 
choice,  however,  was  for  the  girl  to  die,  or 
live  with  a  prospect  of  dishonour,  which 
could  not  be  endured  by  the  proud  people 
of  Rajast'han.  Wilkinson  asserted  in  1833, 
that  the  number  of  infants  annually  mur- 
dered in  Malwa  and  Rajpootana  was 
20,000.  In  1840  the  populktion  of  Cutch 
was  12,000,  but  there  were  not  500  women. 
In  }  843  a  folio  of  more  than  400  pages  was 


122 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


presented  to  Parliament,  full  of  correspond- 
ence on  this  subject.  In  many  of  the 
states,  it  appeared,  the  Rajahs  were  in- 
duced to  offer  portions  to  women  when 
marrying,  in  order  to  check  infanticide. 
In  Katteewar  great  efforts  were  made,  and 
parents  were  rewarded  for  preserving  their 
female  children.  Pride  of  caste,  the  ex- 
pense of  marriage  feasts,  and  poverty,  were 
the  general  causes,  besides  a  desire  to  con- 
ceal the  fruit  of  illicit  intrigues.  In  some 
villages  there  were  only  12  girls  to  79 
boys  under  twelve  years  of  age.  In  one 
hamlet  of  20  people  not  one  female  was 
living.  It  is  probable,  nevertheless,  that 
much  exaggeration  has  been  put  forward 
on  this  subject,  especially  in  reference 
to  Rajpootana,  as  the  seclusion  of  the 
females  there  rendered  it  impossible 
accurately  to  know  the  number  of  births. 
Undoubtedly,  however,  it  was  practised  to 
a  great  extent  ;  but  by  means  of  funds,  for 
the  reward  and  encouragement  of  those 
parents  who  reared  all  their  children,  as 
well  as  by  the  gradual  introduction  of 
laws,  a  mighty  reform  has  been  effected  in 
India.  In  Odessa  and  the  east  of  Bengal 
children  were  formerly  sacrificed  to  the 
goddess  Gunga,  and  for  this  purpose  cast 
into  the  sacred  river.  In  most  countries 
infanticide  has  been  chiefly  the  resort  of 
the  poor,  but  in  parts  of  India  it  was  the 
practice  of  the  rich,  being  caused  by  pride 
rather  than  indigence.  In  Bengal,  however, 
the  peasantry  were  occasionally  guilty  of  this 
device  to  rid  themselves  of  a  burden.  A 
mother  would  sometimes  expose  her  infant 
to  be  starved  or  devoured,  and  visit  the 
place  after  three  days  had  passed.  If  the 
child  were  still  living — a  very  rare  case — 
she  took  it  home  and  nursed  it. 

Another  unnatural  crime  was  that  of 
procuring  abortion,  which  is  still  practised, 
though  in  a  clandestine  manner,  since  it  is 
a  breach  of  the  law.  It  was  formerly  very 
prevalent.  Ward  was  assured  by  a  pun- 
dit, a  professor,  that  in  Bengal  100,000 
children  were  thus  destroyed  in  the  womb 
every  month.  This  was  a  startling  exag- 
geration, but  there  is  no  doubt  the  offence 
Avas  of  frequent  occurrence. 

Whether  the  Hindus  and  other  inhabit- 
ants of  India  are  remarkable  for  their 
chasteness  or  immorality  is  a  question 
much  disputed.  Unfortunately,  men  with 
a  favourite  theory  to  support,  have  been  so 
extravagant  in  their  assertions  on  either 
side  that  it  is  difficult,  or  even  impossible, 
to  form  a  just  opinion  on  the  subject. 
Many  have  represented  the  Hindus  as  a 
sensual,  lascivious,  profligate  race  ;  but  avc 
have  the  weighty  testimony   of  Professor 


Wilson  to  the  contrary.  There  is  no  doubt 
that  the  manners  of  the  people  have  under- 
gone a  remarkable  improvement  since  the 
establishment  of  British  rule.  The  ori- 
ginal institutions  of  the  people  were  op- 
posed to  morality.  The  prohibition  against 
the  marriage  of  widows  was  a  direct  encou- 
ragement to  prostitution.  Many  enlight- 
ened Hindus  long  ago  recognised  the  de- 
moralizing influence  of  this  law,  and  ex- 
erted themselves  to  abolish  it.  A  wealthy 
native  in  Calcutta  once  offered  a  dowry 
of  10,000  rupees  to  any  woman  who 
would  brave  the  ancient  prejudices  of  her 
race,  and  marry  a  second  husband.  A  claim 
was  soon  made  for  the  liberal  donation.  A 
learned  Brahmin  of  Nagpoor,  high  in  rank 
and  opulence,  wrote  against  the  law. 
Among  one  tribe,  the  Bunyas,  it  was  long 
ago  abolished  ;  not,  however,  from  a  moral 
persuasion  of  its  injustice,  but  under  the 
pressure  of  circumstances.  Even  then, 
however,  in  Bhopal,  the  hereditary  digni- 
taries of  the  priestly  order,  naturally  at- 
tached to  ancient  prejudices,  sought  to  re- 
establish the  prohibition.  There  were 
very  few  exceptions  of  this  kind  among  all 
the  millions  of  the  Hindu  race.  Even  the 
Mohammedans,  with  the  precept  and  ex- 
ample of  their  own  prophet  to  encourage 
them,  held  the  marriage  of  a  widow  dis- 
graceful. Temporary  reform  took  place  at 
Delhi,  but  the  old  custom  was,  until  re- 
cently, supreme.  The  moral  evils  were,  that 
it  led  to  depravity  of  conduct  on  the  part 
of  the  widow,  caused  a  frightful  amount  of 
infanticide  and  abortion,  and  induced  these 
women  by  their  practice  to  corrupt  all 
others  with  whom  they  came  in  contact. 
Female  children  being  married  so  early, 
hundreds  and  thousands  were  left  widows 
before  they  had  ripened  into  puberty. 
The  crowded  house — containing  men  of  all 
shades  of  consanguinity,  grandfathers,  fa- 
thers-in-law, uncles,  brothers-in-law,  and 
cousins,  all  dwelling  with  the  young  widow 
in  the  inclosure  of  the  family  mansion — 
led  to  illicit  and  incestuous  connections 
being  continually  formed.  Pregnancies 
were  removed  by  abortion.  The  Bombay 
code  took  cognisance  of  this,  and  punished 
it  severely.  When  a  woman  was  known  to 
be  pregnant  she  was  narrowly  watched, 
and  if  the  father  could  be  found  he  was 
compelled  to  support  his  child. 

A  boy  might  be  betrothed  to  a  child. 
If  she  died  he  was  free  from  the  engage- 
ment ;  but  if  he  died  she  was  condemned 
to  remain  a  maiden  widow,  and  subject  to 
the  humiliating  laws  attached  to  that  con- 
dition. It  is  easy  to  imagine  the  demoral- 
izin<>:  effects  of  such  an  institution.    Under 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


123 


tlie  old  S3'stein  the  hardships  and  indigni- 
ties imposed  on  the  widow  made  her  prefer 
suttee,  or  t4ie  sacrifice  by  fire,  or  else  a 
retreat  in  a  brothel.  Another  corrupting 
custom  is  that  of  early  marriages.  Men 
seldom  have  sentiments  of  affection  for 
any  woman,  or,  if  at  all,  it  is  for  some 
fascinating  dancing  girl,  for  their  wives 
are  chosen  while  too  young  to  feel  or  excite 
the  passion  of  love.  They  therefore — and 
the  Brahmins  in  particular — resorted  to 
the  company  of  the  prostitutes,  who  are 
all  dedicated,  more  or  less,  to  the  service  of 
some  temple. 

All  the  dancing  women  and  musicians  of 
Southern  India  formerly  belonged  to  the 
Corinlar,  a  low  caste,  of  which  the  respect- 
able members,  however,  disdain  connec- 
tion with  them. 

They  thus  formed  a  separate  order,  and 
a  certain  number  were  attached  to  every 
temple  of  any  consequence,  receiving  very 
small  allowances.  They  were  mostly  pros- 
titutes, at  least  to  the  Brahmins.  Those 
attached  to  the  edifices  of  great  sanctity 
were  entirely  reserved  for  these  priestly 
sensualists,  who  would  have  dismissed  any 
one  connecting  herself  with  a  Christian,  a 
Mussulman,  or  a  person  of  inferior  caste. 
The  others  hired  themselves  out  indiscri- 
minately, and  were  greatly  sought  after. 
Their  accomplishments  seduced  the  men. 
The  respectable  women,  ignorant,  insipid, 
and  tasteless,  were  neglected  for  the  more 
attractive  prostitutes.  Under  the  rule  of 
the  Mohammedans,  who  were  much  ad- 
dicted to  this  class  of  pleasures,  the  Brah- 
mins did  not  dare  enforce  their  exclusive 
privileges,  but  afterwards  resumed  their 
sway  with  great  energy.  A  set  of  dancers 
was  usually  hired  out  at  prices  varying 
from  twelve  shillings  to  six  pounds  ster- 
ling. They  performed  at  private  enter- 
tainments as  well  as  public  festivals.  Each 
troop  was  under  a  chief.  When  one  became 
old  she  was  turned  away  without  provision, 
unless  she  had  a  handsome  daughter  fol- 
lowing the  same  occupation,  and  in  this 
case  was  usually  treated  by  the  girl  with 
liberality  and  affection.  Buchanan  tells  us 
that  all  he  saw  were  of  very  ordinary  ap- 
pearance, inelegant  in  their  dress,  and 
dirty  in  their  person.  Many  had  the  itch, 
and  some  were  vilely  diseased. 

In  the  temples  of  Tulava,  near  Manga- 
lore,  a  curious  custom  prevailed.  Any  wo- 
man X)f  the  four  pure  castes  who  was  tired 
of  her  husband,  or  as  a  widow  was  weary 
of  chastity,  or  as  a  maiden,  of  celibacy, 
went  to  the  sacred  building  and  ate  some 
of  the  rice  offered  to  the  idol.  She  was 
then  publicly  questioned  as  to  the  cause  of 


her  resolution,  and  allowed  the  option  of 
living  within  or  without  the  precincts  of 
the  temple.  If  she  chose  the  former,  she 
got  a  daily  allowance  of  food  and  annually 
a  piece  of  cloth.  She  swept  the  holy  build- 
ing, fanned  the  image  of  the  god,  and 
confined  her  prostitution  to  the  Brahmins. 
Usually  some  priestly  officer  of  the  reve- 
nue appropriated  one  of  these  women  to 
himself,  paying  her  a  small  fee  or  sum,  and 
would  flog  her,  in  the  most  insulting  man- 
ner, if  she  cohabited  with  any  other  man 
while  under  his  care.  Part  of  the  daugh- 
ters were  given  away  in  marriage,  and  part 
followed  their  mother's  calling. 

The  Brahminy  women  who  chose  to  live 
outside  of  the  temple  might  cohabit  with 
any  men  they  pleased,  but  were  obliged  to 
pay  a  sixteenth  part  of  their  profits  to  the 
Brahmins.  They  were  an  infamous  class. 
This  system  still  obtains,  though  in  a  modi- 
fied degree.  In  other  parts  of  the  region 
it  prevails  more  or  less.  In  Sindh  every 
town  of  importance  has  a  troop  of  dancing 
girls.  No  entertainment  is  complete  with- 
out them.  Under  the  native  government 
this  vice  was  largely  encouraged.  The 
girls  swallowed  spirits  to  stimulate  their 
zeal.  They  are,  many  of  them,  very  hand- 
some, and  are  all  prostitutes.  To  show  the 
system  of  manners  prevailing  before  the 
British  conquest,  it  may  be  remarked 
that  numbers  of  these  women  accumulated 
great  fortunes,  and  that  the  voices  of  a 
band  of  prostitutes  were  louder  than  all 
other  sounds  at  the  Durbars  of  the  de- 
bauched Amirs.  In  consequence  of  this 
the  people  of  Sindh  were  hideously  demo- 
ralized. Intrigues  were  carried  on  to  an. 
extraordinary  extent  in  private  life,  and 
women  generally  were  very  lax.  An  evi- 
dent reform  is  already  perceptible. 

Among  the  Hindus  immorality  is  not  a 
distinguishing  characteristic,  though  many 
men  of  high  grade  pass  their  nights  with 
dancers  and  prostitutes.  In  the  temples  of 
the  south  lascivious  ceremonies  still  occur, 
but  in  Hindustan  Proper  such  scenes  are 
not  often  enacted.  This  decency  of  public 
manners  appears  of  recent  introduction, 
which  is  indeed  a  reasonable  supposition, 
for  the  people  have  now  aims  in  life,  which 
they  never  enjoyed  in  security  under  their 
former  rulers.  It  was  for  the  interest  of 
the  princes  that  their  subjects  should 
be  indolent  and  sensual.  It  is  for  the  in- 
tei'est  of  the  new  government  that  they 
should  be  industrious  and  moral.  Great 
efforts  have  been  made  with  this  object, 
and  much  good  has  resulted. 

Towards  the  close  of  the  Inst  century  an 
official  report  was  made  by  Mr.  Grant,  and 


124 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


j  addressed  to  the  Court  of  Directors.  It 
I  was  the  result  of  an  inquiry  instituted  into 
the  morals  of  British  India.  India  and 
Bengal  were  especially  held  in  view. 
Much  laxity  of  morals  in  private  life  then 
i  prevailed,  and  he  believed  that  many  in- 
trigues were  altogether  concealed,  while 
many  that  were  discovered  were  hushed 
up.  Receptacles  for  women  of  infamous 
character  everywhere  abounded,  and  were 
licensed.  The  prostitutes  had  a  place  in 
society,  making  a  principal  figure  at  all  j 
the  entertainments  of  the  great.  They 
were  admitted  even  into  the  zenanas  to 
exhibit  their  dances.  Lord  Cornwallis, 
soon  after  his  arrival  in  Bengal,  was  invited 
by  the  Nawab  to  one  of  these  entertain- 
ments, but  refused  to  go.  The  frightful 
punishments  against  adultery  appeared 
enacted  far  more  to  protect  the  sanctity  of 
caste  than  public  or  private  virtue.  A 
man  committing  the  crime  was  threatened 
with  the  embraces,  after  death,  of  an  iron 
figure  of  a  woman  made  red  hot.  Connec- 
tion, however,  with  prostitutes  and  dancing 
girls  was  permitted  by  the  written  law. 

If  that  account  was  correct — and  it  is 
corroborated  by  many  others — an  immense 
amelioration  must  have  taken  place.  The 
Hindus  are  now  generally  chaste,  and  the 
profligacy  of  their  large  cities  does  not 
exceed  that  of  large  cities  in  Europe.  In 
Benares,  in  1800,  out  of  a  population  of 
180,000,  there  were  1500  regular  prosti- 
tutes, besides  264  Nach  or  dancing  girls. 
They  were  all  of  the  Sudra,  which  is  a  very 
low  caste.  In  Dacca  there  were,  out  of  a 
population  of  35,238  Mohammedans  and 
31,429  Hindus,  234  Mohammedan  and  539 
Hindu  prostitutes. 

At  Hurdwar  it  was  one  of  the  duties  of 
the  female  pilgrims  to  the  sacred  stream 
to  bathe  stark  naked  before  hundreds  of 
men,  which  does  not  indicate  any  great 
modesty. 

The  better  order  of  Nach  girls  are  of  the 
highest  grace  and  fascination,  with  much 
personal  charm,  which  they  begin  to  lose 
at  20  years  of  age.  They  mostly  dress  in 
very  modest  attire,  and  many  are  decent  in 
their  manners. 

The  Gipsies  of  India,  many  of  whom  are 
Thugs,  have  niimbers  of  handsome  women 
in  their  camps,  whom  they  send  out  as 
prostitutes  to  gain  money,  or  seduce  the 
traveller  from  his  road. 

It  is  said  that  many  of  the  Europeans 
scattered  over  India  encourage  immorality, 
taking  temporary  companions.  A  large  class 
of  half-caste  children  has  been  certainly 
growing  up  in  the  country,  whose  mothers 
are  not  all  the  children  of  white  men. 


The  institution  of  slavery  in  Mahva  was 
principally  confined  to  women.  Almost  all 
the  prostitutes  were  of  this  class.  They 
wei'c  purchased  when  children  by  the 
heads  of  companies,  who  trained  them  for 
the  calling,  and  lived  upon  the  gains  of 
their  prostitution.  The  system  is  even  at 
present  nearly  similar,  the  girls  being 
bargained  away  by  their  parents  into  vir- 
tual servitude.  Many  of  the  wealthy 
Brahmins,  with  from  50  to  200  slaves,  em- 
ployed them  all  day  in  the  menial  labours 
of  the  establishment,  and  at  night  dis- 
persed them  to  separate  dwellings,  where 
they  were  permitted  to  prostitute  them- 
selves as  they  pleased.  A  large  proportion 
of  the  profits,  however,  which  accrued  from 
this  vile  traffic  formed  the  share  of  the 
master,  who  also  claimed  as  slaves  the 
children  which  might  spring  from  this  vile 
intercourse.  The  female  slaves  and  dancing 
girls  could  not  marry,  and  were  often 
harshly  used.  Society  was  disorganized  by 
the  vast  bastard  breed  produced  by  this 
system. 

The  Europeans  at  Madras,  a  few  years 
ago,  did  not  consider  their  liaisons  with  the 
native  women  so  immoral  as  they  would 
have  been  considered  in  England.  The 
concubines  were  generally  girls  from  the 
lower  ranks,  purchased  from  their  mothers. 
Their  conduct  usually  depends  on  the 
treatment  they  receive.  Many  of  them 
become  exceedingly  faithful  and  attached, 
being  bitterly  jealous  of  any  other  native 
women  interfering  with  their  master's 
aflfections,  but  never  complaining  of  being 
superseded  by  an  English  wife.  They  are 
often,  however,  extravagant  gamblers,  and 
involve  their  "lovers"  in  heavy  debts. 

An  Indian  mother  will  sometimes  dedi- 
cate her  female  child  to  prostitution  at  the 
temple  ;  and  those  who  are  not  appro- 
priated by  the  Brahmins  may  go  with  any 
one,  though  the  money  must  be  paid  into 
a  general  fund  for  the  support  of  the  esta- 
blishment. 

Some  of  the  ceremonies  performed  in  the 
temples  of  the  south,  by  the  worshippers  of 
the  female  deities,  were  simply  orgies  of 
the  impurest  kind.  When  a  man  desired 
to  be  initiated  into  these  rites,  he  went 
with  a  priest,  after  various  preliminary 
rites,  to  some  house,  taking  nine  females 
(one  a  Brahmin)  and  nine  men  —  one 
woman  for  himself,  and  another  for  his 
sacerdotal  preceptor.  All  being  seated, 
numerous  ceremonies  were  performed  until 
twelve  o'clock  at  night,  when  they  gratified 
their  inflamed  passions  in  the  most  libidi- 
nous manner.  The  women,  of  course,  were 
prostitutes   by  habit  or   profession.      Men 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


125 


and  women  danced  naked  before  thousands 
of  spectators  at  the  worship  of  the  goddess 
Doorga.  The  impurities  originated  usually 
with  the  priests.  Many  of  the  Brahmins 
persuaded  their  disciples  to  allow  them  to 
gratify  their  lust  upon  their  young  wives, 
declaring  it  was  a  meritorious  sacrifice. 
At  the  temple  of  Juggernaut,  during  the 
great  festivals,  a  number  of  females  were 
paid  to  dance  and  sing  before  the  god 
daily.  These  were  all  prostitutes.  They 
lived  in  separate  houses,  not  in  the 
temple. 

The  daughters  of  Brahmins,  until  eight 
years  old,  were  declared  by  the  religious 
code  to  be  objects  of  worship,  as  forms  of 
goddesses.  Horrid  orgies  took  place  at  the 
devotions  paid  them.  Other  women  might 
be  chosen  as  objects  of  adoration.  A  man 
must  select  from  a  particular  class — his 
own  wife  or  a  prostitute  :  she  must  be 
stripped  naked  while  the  ceremony  is  per- 
formed, and  this  is  done  in  a  manner  too 
revolting  to  describe.  The  clothes  of  the 
prostitutes  hired  to  dance  before  the  idols 
are  so  thin  that  they  may  almost  be  said 
to  have  been  naked.  Thus  the  immorality 
of  the  Hindoos,  as  far  as  it  extended,  Avas 
encouraged  by  their  religion. 

In  another  way  some  classes  of  Brahmins 
contributed  to  demoralize  the  people.  A 
man  of  this  profession  would  marry  from 
three  to  120  wives,  in  different  parts  of 
the  country.  Many,  indeed,  earned  a  living 
in  this  manner ;  for  as  often  as  they  visited 
any  woman,  her  father  was  obliged  to  make 
a  present.  Some  go  once  after  their  mar- 
riage, and  never  go  again  ;  while  others 
visit  their  wives  once  in  three  or  four 
years.  Some  of  the  more  respectable 
Brahmins  never  hold  sexual  intercourse 
with  any  of  their  wives,  who  dwell  at 
home,  but  treat  them  with  great  respect. 
These  neglected  women  often  take  to  pros- 
titution. The  brothels  of  Calcutta  and 
other  large  cities  are  crowded  with  such 
cast-off  mistresses  of  the  Brahmins.  They 
procure  abortion  when  pregnant.  In  the 
city  of  Bombay  a  whole  quarter  is  inha- 
bited chiefly  by  prostitutes.  Riding  in  the 
environs,  the  European  resident  is  fre- 
quently assailed  by  men,  or  sometimes 
boys,  Avho  inquire  by  signs  or  words,  whe- 
ther he  desires  a  companion  ;  should  he 
assent,  the  woman  is  privately  brought  to 
his  house  in  a  close  palanquin,  or  he  is 
taken  to  a  regular  place  of  resort,  in  one 
of  these  vehicles,  which  are  contrived  for 
secrecy. 

Among  the  Nairs,  on  the  coast  of  Ma- 
labar, the  institution  of  marriage  has  never 
been    strictly    or    completely   introduced. 


Polyandrism  is  practised.  A  woman  re- 
ceives four  or  five  brothers  as  her  husbands, 
and  a  slipper  left  at  the  door  is  a  signal 
that  she  is  engaged  with  one  of  them.  The 
mother  is  thus  the  only  parent  known,  and 
the  children  inherit  the  property  of  the 
family  in  equal  divisions.  In  some  cases 
the  Nairs  marry  a  particular  woman,  who 
never  leaves  her  mother's  home,  but  has 
intercourse  Avith  any  men  she  pleases,  sub- 
ject to  the  sacred  law  of  caste.  In  the 
mountain  community  of  Tibet  the  same 
custom  prevails.  It  is  to  be  regretted  that 
our  information  on  this  subject  is  not  more 
explicit  and  full. 

The  venereal  disease  is  known  in  most 
parts  of  Hindustan.  Some,  with  little 
reason,  suppose  it  was  carried  there  after 
the  discovery  of  America.  Had  it  been  so, 
its  introduction  would  probably  have  been 
noticed  in  history  or  by  some  tradition.  It 
is  not,  indeed,  called  by  any  Sanscrit  word, 
but  is  known  by  a  Persian  name  "'''. 

Op  Prostitution  in  Ceylon. 

In  Ceylon  the  influence  of  Christianity, 
accompanied  by  the  moral  law  of  England, 
is  working  a  reform  in  the  manners  of  large 
classes  among  the  people.  Under  the  ori- 
ginal institutions  of  the  Singhalese,  they 
never  licensed  public  prostitution  ;  and 
whatever  effect  the  Buddhist  religion  pro- 
duced, it  produced  in  the  cause  of  virtue. 
The  temples  were  never  made  brothels  ; 
but  the  character  of  the  people  is  naturally 
sensual,  and  the  capital  vices  of  society 
widely  prevail  among  them.  The  Buddhist 
code,  indeed,  abounds  with  precepts  incul- 
cating not  only  chastity,  but  rigid  conti- 

*  Hamilton's  East  India  Gazetteer ;  Buchanan's 
Journey  in  the  Mysore,  &c. ;  Bishop  Heber's 
Journal ;  Hamilton's  Description  of  Hindustan  ; 
British  Friend  of  India  Magazine  ;  Asiatic  Re- 
searches ;  Hugh  Murray's  Account  of  India; 
Conformite  des  Couturaes  des  Indes  Orienteaux 
avec  celles  des  Juifs ;  Tod's  Travels  in  Western 
India  ;  Tod's  Annals  of  Rajasthan  ;  Launcelot 
Wilkinson's  Second  Marriage  of  Widows  in  India; 
Papers  presented  to  Parliament  in  1803,  on  In- 
fanticide ;  Grant's  Observations  on  Society  and 
Morals  among  our  Asiatic  Subjects;  Davidson's 
Travels  in  Upper  India;  Mayne's  Continental 
India;  Campbell's  British  India;  Hough's 
Christianity  in  India;  Abbe  Dubois'  Letters  on 
the  Hindus  ;  Malcolm's  Memoir  on  Central  India; 
Sevan's  Thirty  Years  in  India ;  Crawfurd's  .Re- 
searches concerning  India  ;  Hoffmeister's  Travel's 
in  India  ;  Ward's  Account  of  the  Hindus  ;  Mill's 
History  of  British  India,  Notes  by  Wilson ; 
Ferishta's  Mohammedan  History ;  Thornton's 
History;  Penhoen's  Empire  Anglais;  Xavier; 
Raymond  ;  Jaseigny ;  L'Inde. 


126 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


nence.  Profligacy,  however,  among  the 
men,  and  want  of  chastity  among  the  wo- 
men, are  general  characteristics  of  all 
classes,  from  the  highest  to  the  hunihlest 
caste.  To  this  day  the  disregard  of  virtue 
is  a  crying  sin  of  the  women,  even  of  those 
who  profess  Christianity.  Murders  often 
occur  from  the  jealousy  of  husbands  or 
lovers  detecting  their  wives  or  mistresses 
with  a  paramour. 

In  Ceylon,  as  in  continental  India,  the 
division  of  castes  is  by  the  ancient  and 
sacred  law  absolute,  though  custom  some- 
times infringes  the  enactments  of  the  holy 
code.  Marriage  from  a  higher  into  a  lower 
caste  is  peremptorily  forbidden ;  though 
occasionally  it  is  tolerated,  but  never  ap- 
proved, between  a  man  of  honourable  and 
a  woman  of  inferior  rank.  If  a  female  of 
noble  blood  engage  in  a  criminal  intrigue 
with  a  plebeian,  his  life  has  on  many  occa- 
sions been  sacrificed  to  wash  out  the  stain, 
and  formerly  hers  was  also  required  to 
obliterate  the  disgrace.  A  recent  and 
striking  instance  of  this  kind  came  to 
the  knowledge  of  Mr.  Charles  Sirr.  The 
daughter  of  a  high-caste  Kandian,  enjoy- 
ing the  liberty  which  in  Ceylon  is  allowed 
to  women  of  all  grades,  became  attached  to 
a  young  man  of  lower  caste,  and  entreated 
her  parents'  consent  to  the  match,  begging 
them  to  excuse  her  for  her  affection's  sake, 
and  declaring  she  could  not  live  unless 
permitted  to  fulfil  the  design  on  which  her 
heart  was  set.  They  refused,  and,  though 
the  petition  was  again  and  again  renewed, 
remained  obdurate  in  their  denial.  The  girl 
was  some  time  after  found  to  have  sacri- 
ficed her  honour  to  the  man  whom  she 
loved,  but  dared  not  wed.  He  was  all  the 
while  willing  and  desirous  to  marry  her, 
and  would  have  married  her  then,  but  her 
parents  were  inexorable.  To  preserve  the 
honour  of  the  family,  the  father  slew  his 
daughter  with  his  own  hand.  The  English 
authorities  at  once  arrested  the  murderer, 
brought  him  to  trial,  and  condemned  him 
to  death.  He  resolutely  asserted  his  right 
to  do  as  he  pleased  with  the  girl,  protest- 
ing against  any  judicial  interference  of 
the  English  with  his  family  arrangements. 
He  was,  nevertheless,  executed,  as  a  warn- 
ing ;  and  several  of  these  examples  have 
had  a  most  salutary  influence  in  restraining 
the  passions  of  the  natives  in  various  parts 
of  the  island.  It  was  undoubtedly  the 
man's  sense  of  honour  that  impelled  him 
to  murder  his  daughter ;  and  she  was  thus 
the  victim  of  caste  prejudices,  which  in 
Ceylon  are  so  riiiid  that  a  man  could  not 
force  his  slave  to  marry  into  a  rank  below 
him,  whether  free-born  or  otherwise. 


In  Ceylon,  as  in  most  other  parts  of  Asia, 
marriages  are  contracted  at  a  very  early 
age.  A  man,  by  the  law,  "  attains  his 
majority "  when  sixteen  years  old,  and 
thenceforward  is  released  from  paternal 
control ;  all  engagements,  however,  which 
he  may  form  previous  to  that  time,  with- 
out the  consent  of  his  friends  in  authority, 
are  null  and  void.  A  girl,  as  soon  as  she  j 
is  marriageable  according  to  nature,  is 
marriageable  according  to  law;  and  her 
parents,  or,  if  she  be  an  orphan,  her  nearest 
kindred,  give  a  feast — grand  or  humble, 
according  to  their  means — when  she  is  in- 
troduced to  a  number  of  unmarried  male 
friends.  If  she  be  handsome  or  rich,  a 
crowd  of  suitors  is  sure  to  be  attracted. 
Free  as  women  are  in  Ceylon  after  their 
marriage,  they  are  rarely  consulted  before- 
hand on  the  choice  of  a  partner.  That  is 
settled  for  the  girl.  To  this  custom  much  of 
the  immorality  prevalent  in  the  island,  as 
well  as  in  all  parts  of  the  East,  may  with- 
out a  doubt  be  ascribed.  Where  the  sexes 
are  not  free  to  form  what  lawful  unions 
they  please,  it  may  be  taken  as  an  axiom 
that  they  will  have  recourse  to  irregular 
intrigues. 

When  the  feast  is  given  at  which  a 
young  girl  is  introduced  as  marriageable — 
a  custom  very  similar  in  form  and  object  to 
that  which  obtains  in  our  own  country — 
numerous  young  unmarried  men  of  the 
same  caste  are  invited  to  the  house.  In  a 
short  time  after,  a  relative  or  friend  of  any 
young  man  who  may  desire  to  take  the 
maiden  as  his  wife,  calls  upon  her  family, 
and  insinuates  that  a  rumour  of  the  in- 
tended union  is  flying  abroad.  If  this  be 
denied,  quietly  or  otherwise,  the  match- 
maker loses  no  time  in  withdrawing;  but 
if  it  is  answered  in  a  jocular  bantering 
strain,  he  takes  his  leave,  with  many  com- 
pliments, to  announce  his  reception  to  the 
father  of  the  bridegroom.  This  personage, 
after  a  day  or  two,  makes  his  call,  inquires 
into  the  amount  of  the  marriage  dowry, 
and  carries  the  negotiation  a  few  steps 
further.  IMutual  visits  are  exchanged,  and 
all  arrangements  made,  with  great  preci- 
sion. The  mother  of  the  young  man,  with 
several  other  matrons,  take  the  girl  into  an 
inner  room,  where  she  is  stripped,  and  her 
person  examined,  to  see  that  it  is  free  from 
any  corporal  defect,  from  ulcers,  and  from 
any  cutaneous  disease.  Should  this  inves- 
tigation prove  satisfactory,  numerous  for- 
malities succeed,  and  an  auspicious  day  is 
fixed  upon  for  the  wedding.  This  takes 
place  Avith  much  ceremony,  the  stars  being 
in  all  things  consulted.  Should  the  bride- 
groom's  horoscope   refuse    to    agree  with 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


127 


that  of  the  bride,  his  younger  brother 
may  wed  her  for  him  by  a  species  of  proxy. 
The  whole  is  a  tedious  succession  of  formal 
observances,  not  so  much  the  ordmance  of 
religion  as  the  details  of  an  ancient  ritual 
etiquette.  This  is  the  Buddhaical  custom ; 
but  it  is  immensely  expensive,  and  cannot 
be  followed  by  the  very  poor  classes.  It  is 
also  forbidden  to  people  of  extremely  low 
caste,  even  though  they  should  be  wealthy 
enough  to  afford,  or  sufficiently  improvi- 
dent to  risk  it.  Among  the  humble  and 
indigent  the  marriage  is  confirmed  by  the 
mutual  consent  of  the  parents  and  the  young 
couple  passing  a  night  together. 

One  of  the  most  remarkable  features  in 
the  social  aspect  of  Ceylon  is  the  institu- 
tion of  polyandrism,  which  among  the  Kan- 
dians  is  permitted  and  practised  to  a  great 
extent.  A  Kandian  matron  of  high  caste 
is  sometimes  the  wife  of  eight  brothers. 
The  custom  is  justified  upon  various 
grounds.  Sirr  expressed  to  a  Kandian 
chief  of  no  mean  rank  his  abhorrence  of 
this  revolting  practice.  The  man  was  sur- 
prised at  these  sentiments,  and  replied 
that  on  the  contrary  it  was  an  excellent 
custom.  Among  the  rich  it  prevented 
litigation ;  it  saved  property  from  minute 
subdivision;  it  concentrated  family  influ- 
ence. Among  the  poor  it  was  absolutely 
necessary,  for  several  brothers  could  not 
each  maintain  a  separate  wii'e.  or  bear  the 
expense  of  a  whole  family,  which  jointly 
they  could  easily  do.  The  offspring  of 
these  strange  unions  call  all  the  brothers 
alike  their  fathers,  though  preference  is 
given  to  the  eldest,  and  are  equal  heirs  to 
the  family  property ;  should  litigation, 
however,  arise  concerning  the  inheritance, 
they  often  all  claim  the  senior  brother  as  a 
parent,  and  the  Kandian  laws  recognise 
this  claim. 

Although,  when  a  plurality  of  husbands 
is  adopted,  they  are  usually  brothers,  a 
man  may,  with  the  woman's  consent,  bring 
home  another,  who  enjoys  all  the -marital 
rights,  and  is  called  an  associated  husband. 
In  fact,  the  first  may,  subject  to  his  wife's 
pleasure,  bring  home  as  mawy  strangers  as 
he  pleases,  and  the  children  inherit  their 
property  equally.  It  is  rare,  however,  to 
meet  one  of  these  associated  husbands 
among  the  Kandians  of  higher  and  purer 
caste,  though  two  or  more  brothers  con- 
tinually marry  the  same  woman.  This 
revolting  custom  is  now  confined  to  the 
province  of  Kandy,  though  some  writers 
assert  that  it  was  formerly  prevalent 
throughout  the  maritime  districts.  In 
these,  however,  monogamy  is  at  present 
practised,   except   by  the   Mohammedans, 


who  are  polygamists.  Statements  to  the 
contrary  have  been  laid  before  us;  but 
Sirr  positively  asserts  that  he  never  saw  a 
Kandian  or  Singhalese  who  had  acknow- 
ledged himself  to  have  more  than  a  single 
wife.  The  Muslims,  though  long  settled 
in  the  island,  preserve  their  peculiar  cha- 
racteristics, their  religion,  habits,  and  man- 
ners, which  they  have  not  communicated  to 
the  rest  of  the  population. 

There  are  two  kinds  of  marriage  in 
Kandy,  the  one  called  "  Bema,"  the  other 
"  Deega."  In  the  first  of  these  the  husband 
goes  to  live  at  his  wife's  residence,  and  the 
woman  shares  with  her  brothers  the  family 
inheritance.  He,  however,  who  is  married 
after  this  fashion,  enjoys  little  respect  fiom 
his  bride's  relations ;  and  if  he  gives  offence 
to  her  father,  or  the  head  of  the  household, 
may  be  at  once  ejected  from  the  abode. 
In  reference  to  this  precarious  atid  doubt- 
ful lodgement  there  is  an  ancient  proverb 
still  popular  in  Kandy.  It  says  that  a  man 
wedded  according  to  the  Bema  process 
should  only  take  to  his  bride's  dwelling 
four  articles  of  property — a  pair  of  sandals 
to  protect  his  feet,  a  palm-leaf  to  shield 
his  head  from  the  fiery  rays  of  the  sun,  a 
walking  staff  to  supj)ort  him  if  he  be  sick, 
and  a  lantern  to  illuminate  his  path  should 
he  chance  to  be  ejected  during  darkness. 
He  may  thus  be  prepared  to  depart  at  any 
hour  of  the  day  or  night. 

Deega,  the  other  kind  of  marriage,  is  that 
in  which  the  wife  passes  from  underneath 
the  parental  roof  to  dwell  in  her  husband's 
own  house.  In  this  case  she  relinquishes 
all  claim  to  a  share  in  her  family  inheritance, 
but  acquires  a  contingent  right  to  some  of 
her  husband's  property.  The  man's  au- 
thority is,  under  this  form  of  contract,  far 
greater  than  under  that  of  Bema.  He 
cannot  be  divorced  without  his  own  consent, 
v/hile,  in  the  other  case,  separation,  as  we 
have  seen,  is  a  summary  process,  entirely 
depending  on  the  caprice  of  the  woman  or 
her  family.  In  a  country  wliere  the  female 
population  is  considerably  less  numerous 
than  the  male,  and  where  women  generally 
enjoy  much  freedom,  a  certain  degree  of 
indulgence  will  always  be  granted  to  the 
fickle  quality  in  their  character.  In  Ceylon 
this  liberty  in  the  one  sex  involves  a  certain 
kind  of  slavery  in  the  other.  Women  fre- 
quently seek  for  divorces  upon  the  most 
frivolous  and  trifling  pretexts,  and  as  these 
are  too  easily  attainable  by  the  simple 
return  of  the  marriage  gifts,  they  con- 
tinually occur.  Should  a  child  be  born 
within  nine  months  from  the  day  of  the 
final  separation,  the  husband  is  bound  to 
maintain  it  for  the  first  three  years  of  its 


128 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


life,  after  wliich  it  is  considered  sufficiently 
old  to  be  taken  from  its  mother.  If,  bow- 
ever,  wbile  under  the  marriage  pledge,  the 
woman  defiles  herself  by  adultery,  the 
husband,  if  with  his  own  eyes  he  was  the 
witness  of  her  infidelity,  might  with  his 
own  hands,  under  the  native  law,  take 
away  the  life  of  her  paramour.  Notwith- 
standing this  terrible  privilege,  it  is  asserted 
with  consistency  by  many  authorities  that, 
in  all  parts  of  Ceylon,  from  the  highest  to 
the  lowest  caste,  the  want  of  conjugal  faith 
in  the  married,  and  chastity  in  the  un- 
married people,  is  frightful  to  consider. 
When  a  man  puts  away  his  wife  for  adul- 
terous intrigue,  he  may  disinherit  her  and 
the  whole  of  her  ofi"spring,  notwithstanding 
that  he  may  feel  and  acknowledge  them  all 
to  be  his  own  children.  When,  however,  he 
seeks  a  divorce  from  caprice,  he  renounces 
all  claim  to  his  wife's  inheritance  or  actual 
property,  and  must  divide  with  her  what- 
ever may  have  been  jointly  accumulated 
during  the  period  of  their  cohabitation. 
The  men  of  Ceylon  do  not  always,  however, 
exercise  their  privileges.  They  are  gene- 
rally very  indulgent  husbands.  Many  of 
them,  indeed,  are  uxorious  to  an  offensive 
extreme,  and  forgive  offences  which,  by 
most  persons,  are  held  unpardonable.  A 
short  time  since  a  Kandian  applied  to  the 
British  judicial  authorities  to  compel  the 
return  to  him  and  his  children  of  an  unfaith- 
ful wife,  who  had  deserted  her  home  for  that 
of  a  paramour.  The  husband  pleaded  his 
love  for  her,  implored  her  for  her  children's 
sake  to  come  back,  and  promised  to  forgive 
her  offence ;  but  she  turned  away  from  him, 
and  coolly  asked  the  judge  if  he  could  force 
her  to  return.  He  answered  that  unfortu- 
nately he  could  not,  but  advised  her  to 
return  to  the  home  of  her  lawful  partner, 
who  was  ready  to  forgive  and  embrace  her. 
She  disregarded  equally  the  entreaties  of 
the  one  and  the  exhortation  of  the  other, 
and  returned  to  her  paramour,  whom  she 
shortly  afterwards  deserted  for  another. 

The  numerous  instances  of  this  kind 
which  happen  in  the  island  have  encouraged 
a  swarm  of  satirical  effusions  upon  the  faith- 
lessness of  the  female  sex ;  but  if  the  women 
were  also  poets,  they  might  echo  every  note 
of  the  song.  In  illustration  of  the  estimate 
formed  of  them,  we  may  quote  a  few  lines 
translated  from  the  original  by  Sirr.  They 
apply  to  the  fraudulent  disposition  of  women, 
and  have  become  proverbial  among  the 
people. 

"  I've  seen  tlie  adumbra  tree  in  flower,  white 
plumage  on  the  crow. 
And     fishes'    footsteps    on    the     deep   have 
traced  through  ebb  and  flow. 


If  man  it  is  who  thus  asserts,  his  words  you 

may  believe; 
But  all  that  woman  says  distrust — she  speaks 

but  to  deceive." 

The  adumbra  is  a  species  of  fig-tree,  and 
the  natives  assert  that  no  mortal  has  ever 
seen  its  bloom. 

Under .  the  native  kings  the  Singhalese 
were  forbidden  to  contract  marriage  with 
any  one  of  nearer  affinity  than  the  second 
cousin ;  such  an  union  was  incestuous,  and 
severely  punished.  Under  the  English 
government,  however,  many  of  these  old 
restrictions  have  been  modified.  Among 
the  Christian  population,  on  the  other  hand 
— Catholic  as  well  as  Protestant — many 
traces  of  their  old  idolatry  are  still  dis- 
tinctly visible  in  the  ceremony  of  marriage. 

The  Buddhist  law  allows  to  every  man, 
whatever  his  grade,  only  one  wife ;  but  the 
ancient  Kandian  princes,  of  course,  broke 
this  law  and  took  as  many  wives  or  concu- 
bines as  they  pleased. 

We  have  alluded  to  the  numerical  dif- 
ference between  the  sexes.  The  population 
of  Ceylon  is  about  1,500,000,  and  the  males 
exceed  the  females  by  nearly  a  tenth.  In 
1814  it  was  476,000;  there  were  20,000 
more  males  than  females.  In  1835  there 
was  a  population  of  646,000  males,  and 
584,000  females.  At  both  these  periods 
the  disparity  was  greatest  in  the  poorest 
places.  In  the  fishing  villages,  where  whole- 
some food  abounded,  there  were  more  females 
than  males.  The  same  circumstance  is  true 
at  the  present  day.  Some  writers  attribute 
this  to  a  gracious  provision  of  Nature,  which 
checks  the  increase  of  the  people ;  but 
Nature  makes  no  provision  against  unna- 
tural things,  and  starvation  is  a  monstrous 
thing  in  a  fertile  country.  We  may  with 
more  safety  assign  as  a  cause  the  open  or 
secret  infanticide,  which,  under  the  old 
laws,  was  common.  Female  children,  ex- 
cept the  first  born,  born  under  a  malignant 
star,  were  sure  to  be  sacrificed.  It  was 
hardly  considered  an  offence;  but  being, 
under  the  British  rule,  denounced  as  mur- 
der, has  been  gradually  abolished.  The 
easier  means  of  life,  which  in  Ceylon  and 
throughout  the  rest  of  our  Asiatic  dominions 
are  afforded  to  the  people  under  English 
sway,  take  away  the  incentive  of  poverty 
to  crime.  The  population  has  enormously 
increased,  an  unfailing  sign  of  good  govern- 
ment, if  misery  does  not  increase  with  it. 

The  social  position  of  the  Singhalese 
Avomen  is  not  so  degraded  as  in  many  other 
parts  of  the  East ;  the  poor  labouring  hard, 
but  as  partners  rather  than  as  slaves.  This 
superior  condition  does  not,  unhappily, 
elevate  their  moral  character,  for  it  is  un- 


CHINESE  WOMAN  (Prostitute), 

ACCUSED  OF  DISORDERLY  CONDUCT  BEFORE  A  JUDGE. 
[^From  Alexander's  "  Illustrations  of  China.'*] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


129 


accompanied  by  other  essential  circum- 
stances. Profligacy,  we  have  said,  is  widely 
prevalent  in  Ceylon;  yet  prostitution,  at 
least  of  the  avowed  and  public  kind,  is  not 
so.  Under  the  Kandian  dynasty  it  was 
peremptorily  forbidden;  a  common  harlot 
had  her  hair  and  ears  cut  off  and  Avas 
whipped  naked.  If,  however,  we  accept 
the  general  definition  of  the  word  prostitu- 
tion as  any  obscene  traffic  in  a  woman's 
person,  we  shall  find  much  of  it  clandes- 
tinely practised.  The  women  are  skilful 
in  procuring  abortion,  and  thus  rid  them- 
selves of  the  consequences  which  follow 
their  intrigues.  Of  course,  in  the  sea-port 
towns  prostitution  exists,  but  we  have  no 
account  of  it.  It  is  fair,  however,  to  notice 
the  opinions  of  Sir  Emerson  Tennent,  that 
the  morals  of  the  people  in  these  and  in 
all  other  parts  of  the  islands  are  rapidly 
improving,  and  that  marriage  is  hecoming 
a  more  sacred  tie*. 

Of  Prostitution  in  China. 

In  the  immense  empire  of  China,  the  civi- 
lization of  Avhich  has  been  cast  in  a  mould 
fashioned  by  despotism,  a  general  uni- 
formity of  manners  is  prevalent.  Singular 
as  many  of  its  customs  are,  they  vary  very 
little  in  the  different  provinces,  for  although 
the  population  be  composed  of  a  mixture 
of  races,  the  iron  discipline  of  the  govern- 
ment forces  all  to  bend  to  one  universal 
fashion.  The  differences  which  are  re- 
marked between  the  practice  of  the  people 
in  one  district,  and  those  of  another,  spring 
only  from  the  nature  of  circumstances.  It 
is  more  easy,  therefore,  to  take  an  outline 
view  of  this  vast  empire,  than  it  is  to 
sketch  many  smaller  countries,  where  the 
uniformity  of  manners  is  not  so  absolute. 

China  affords  a  wide  and  interesting 
field  for  our  inquiry.  Were  our  information 
complete,  there  is  perhaps  no  state  in  the 
w^orld  with  reference  to  which  so  curious 
an  account  might  be  written  as  China, 
with  its  prostitution  system.  Unfortunately, 
however,  the  negligence  or  prudery  of  tra- 
vellers has  allowed  the  subject  to  be  passed 
over.  ^  We  know  that  a  remarkable  system 
of  this  kind  does  exist,  that  prostitutes 
abound  in  the  cities  of  the  Celestial  Empire, 
and  that  they  form  a  distinct  order ;  we 
know  something  of  the  classes  from  which 

*  Sirr's  Ceylon  and  the  Singhalese  ;  Pridham's 
History  of  Ceylon ;  Forbes's  Eleven  Years  in 
Ceylon  ;  Davy's  Interior  of  Ceylon ;  Campbell's 
Excursions  in  Ceylon ;  Knox's  Captivity  in 
Ceylon;  Knighton's  History  of  Ceylon;  Tennent's 
Christianity  in  Ceylon. 


they  are  taken,  how  they  are  procured,  in 
v,hat  their  education  consists,  where  and 
in  what  manner  they  live,  and  how  and 
by  whom  they  are  encouraged.  But  this 
information  is  to  be  derived,  not  from  any 
full  account  by  an  intelligent  and  observing 
inquirer,  but  from  isolated  facts  scattered 
through  a  hundred  books  which  require  to 
be  connected,  and  then  only  form  a  rough 
and  incomplete  view  of  the  subject. 
Statistics  Ave  have  positively  none,  though 
ample  opportunities  must  be  afforded  tra- 
vellers for  arriving  at  something  near  the 
truth  in  such  cities  as  Canton.  However, 
from  what  knowledge  we  possess  it  is 
evident  the  social  economy  of  the  Chinese 
with  respect  to  prostitution  presents  clear 
points  of  analogy  with  our  own. 

In  conformity  with  the  plan  of  this  in- 
quiry, we  proceed  first  to  ascertain  the 
general  condition  of  the  female  sex  in 
China.  Abundant  information  has  been 
supplied  us  on  this  subject,  as  well  by  the 
written  laws,  and  by  the  literature  of  the 
country,  as  by  the  travellers  who  have 
visited  and  described  it. 

As  in  all  Asiatic,  indeed  in  all  barbarous, 
countries,  women  in  China  are  counted  in- 
ferior to  men.  The  high  example  of  Con- 
fucius taught  the  people — though  their  own 
character  inclined  them  before,  and  was  re- 
flected from  him — that  the  female  sex  was 
created  for  the  convenience  of  the  male. 
The  great  philosopher  spoke  of  women  and 
slaves  as  belonging  to  the  same  class,  and 
complained  that  they  were  equally  difficult 
to  govern.  That  ten  daughters  are  not 
equal  in  value  to  one  son  is  a  proverb 
which  strongly  expresses  the  Chinese  senti- 
ment upon  this  point,  and  the  whole  of  their 
manners  is  pervaded  by  the  same  spirit. 
Feminine  virtue,  indeed,  is  severely  guarded 
by  the  law,  but  not  for  its  own  sake.  The 
well-being  of  the  state,  and  the  interest  of 
the  male  sex,  are  sought  to  be  protected  by 
the  rigorous  enactments  on  the  subject  of 
chastity  ;  but  the  morality,  like  the  charity 
of  that  nation,  is  contained  principally  in 
its  codes,  essays,  and  poems,  for  in  practice 
they  are  among  the  most  demoralised  on 
the  earth. 

The  spirit  of  the  Salic  law  might  na- 
turally be  looked  for  in  the  political  code  of 
such  a  state.  It  is  so.  The  throne  can  be 
occupied  only  by  a  man.  An  illegitimate 
son  is  held  in  more  respect  than  a  legitimate 
daughter.  The  constitution  provides  that 
if  the  principal  wife  fail  to  bear  male  chil- 
dren, the  son  of  the  next  shall  succeed,  and 
if  she  be  barren  also,  of  the  next,  and  so  on, 
according  to  their  seniority,  the  son  of  each 
has  a  contingent  claim  to  the  sovereignty. 


130 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Thus  in  the  most  important  department  of 
their  public  econoiny  the  national  sentiment 
is  manifested.  We  may  now  examine  the 
laws  which  regulate  the  intercourse  of 
the  sexes,  and  then  inquire  into  the  actual 
state  of  manners.  It  will  be  useful  to  re- 
member the  truth,  which  has  already  been 
stated,  that  no  language  is  so  full  of  moral 
axioms  and  honourable  sentiments  as  the 
Chinese,  while  no  nation  is  more  flagitious 
in  its  practice. 

The  government  of  China,  styled  paternal 
because  it  rules  with  the  rod,  regulates  the 
minutest  actions  of  a  man's  career.  He  is 
governed  in  everything — in  the  temple,  in 
the  street,  at  his  own  table,  in  all  the  re- 
lations of  life.  The  law  of  marriage,  for 
instance,  is  full,  rigid,  and  explicit.  The 
young  persons  about  to  be  wedded  know 
little  or  nothing  of  the  transaction. 

Parental  authority  is  supreme,  and 
alliances  are  contracted  in  which  the  man 
and  wife  do  not  see  each  others'  faces  until 
they  occupy  the  same  habitation  and  are 
mutually  pledged  for  life.  Match-making 
in  China  is  a  profession  followed  by  old 
women,  who  earn  what  we  may  term  a 
commission  upon  the  sales  they  effect. 
When  a  union  between  two  families  is 
intended,  its  particulars  must  be  fully  ex- 
plained on  either  side,  so  that  no  deceit 
shall  be  practised.  The  engagement  is  then 
drawn  and  the  amount  of  presents  deter- 
mined, for  in  all  countries  where  women 
hold  this  position,  marriage  is  more  or  less 
a  mercantile  transaction,  V/hen  once  the 
contract  is  made,  it  is  irrevocable.  If  the 
friends  of  the  girl  repent  and  desire  to 
break  the  match,  the  man  among  them  who 
had  authority  to  give  her  away  is  liable  to 
receive  fifty  strokes  of  the  bamboo,  and  the 
marriage  must  proceed.  Whatever  other 
engagements  have  been  entered  into  are 
null  and  punishable,  and  the  original  bride- 
groom has  in  all  cases  a  decisive  claim.  If 
he,  on  the  other  ha.nd,  or  the  friend  who 
represents  and  controls  him,  desire  to  dis- 
solve the  compact,  giving  a  marriage  pre- 
sent to  another  woman,  he  is  chastised  with 
fifty  blows,  and  comj)elled  to  fulfil  the 
terms  of  his  first  engagement,  while  his 
second  favourite  is  at  liberty  to  marry  as 
she  pleases.  If  either  of  the  parties  is  in- 
continent after  the  ceremony  of  betrothal, 
the  crime  is  considered  as  adultery,  and  so 
punished.  But  if  any  deceit  be  practised, 
and  either  family  represent  the  person 
about  to  marry  under  a  false  description, 
tliey  become  liable  to  severe  penalties,  and 
on  the  part  of  the  man  most  strictly. 

The  husband,  finding  that  a  girl  had  been 
palmed  off  on  him  by  fraud,  is  permitted 


to  release  himself  from  the  tie.  Such  in- 
cidents, nevertheless,  do  occasionally  occur. 
One  of  rather  an  amusing  nature  is  alluded 
to  by  several  writers.  A  young  man  who 
had  been  promised  in  marriage  the  youngest 
daughter  of  a  large  family  was  startled 
when,  after  the  ceremony  was  complete,  he 
unveiled  his  bride,  to  find  the  eldest  sister, 
very  ugly  and  deeply  pitted  with  the  small 
pox.  The  law  v.^ould  have  allowed  him  to 
escape  from  such  an  union,  but  he  sub- 
mitted, and  soon  afterwards  consoled  him- 
self with  a  handsome  concubine. 

Although  the  girl,  when  once  betrothed, 
is  absolutely  bound  to  the  husband  selected 
for  her,  he  dare  not,  under  pain  of  the  bas- 
tinado, force  her  away  before  the  specified 
time.  On  the  other  hand,  her  friends  must 
not,  under  similar  penalties,  detain  her 
after  that  time.  Thus  the  law  regulates 
the  whole  transaction,  and  the  parents  dis- 
pose as  they  will  of  their  children.  Occa- 
sionally, however,  a  young  man,  not  yet 
emancipated  from  paternal  authority,  con- 
tracts a  marriage  according  to  his  own  in- 
clination, and  if  the  rites  have  actually 
been  performed,  it  cannot  be  dissolved  ;  but 
if  he  be  only  betrothed,  and  his  parents 
have  in  the  meanwhile  agreed  upon  an  al- 
liance for  him,  he  must  relinquish  his  own 
design  and  obey  their  choice. 

Polygamy  is  allowed  in  China,  but  under 
certain  regulations.  The  first  wife  is 
usually  chosen  from  a  family  equal  in  r.ank 
and  riches  to  that  of  the  husband,  and  is 
affianced  with  as  much  splendour  and  cere- 
mony as  the  parties  can  afibrd.  She  ac- 
quires all  the  rights  which  belong  to  the 
chief  wife  in  any  Asiatic  country.  The 
man  may  then  take  as  many  as  he  pleases, 
who  are  inferior  in  rank  to  the  first,  but 
equal  to  each  other.  The  term  inferior 
wife  is  more  applicable  than  that  of  concu- 
bine, as  there  is  a  form  of  espousal,  and 
their  children  have  a  contingent  claim  to 
the  inheritance.  The  practice,  however, 
brings  no  honour,  if  it  brings  no  positive 
shame,  though  now  sanctioned  by  long 
habit.  Originally  it  appears  to  have  been 
condemned  by  the  stricter  moralists,  and  it 
has  been  observed  that  the  Chinese  term  to 
describe  this  kind  of  companion  is,  cu- 
riously enough,  compounded  of  the  words 
crime  and  woman.  It  is  a  derogatory  posi- 
tion, and  such  as  only  the  poor  and  hum- 
ble will  consent  to  occupy.  One  of  the  na- 
tional sayings,  and  the  feeling  with  many 
of  the  women,  is,  that  it  is  more  honourable 
to  be  a  poor  man's  wife  than  the  concubine 
of  an  emperor.  A  man  cannot,  under  the 
penalty  of  a  hundred  blows,  degrade  his 
first  wife  to  this  position,  or  raise  an  infc- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


131 


rior  wife  to  hers — no  such  act  is  valid  be- 
fore the  law. 

None  but  the  rich  can  afford,  and  none 
but  the  loose  and  luxurious  will  practise, 
polygamy  except  when  the  first  wife  fails 
to  bear  a  son.  Unless  some  such  reason 
exists,  the  opinion  of  moralists  is  against 
it.  Men  with  too  many  wives  lose  the  Em- 
peror's confidence,  since  he  accuses  them  of 
being  absorbed  in  domestic  concerns.  In 
this  case  it  is  usual  to  take  an  inferior  wife, 
who  is  purchased  from  the  lower  ranks  for 
a  sum  of  money,  that  an  heir  may  be  born 
to  the  house.  The  situation  of  these  poor 
creatures  is  aggravated  or  softened  accord- 
ing to  the  disposition  of  their  chief,  for 
they  are  virtually  her  servants,  and  are  not 
allowed  even  to  eat  in  her  presence.  They 
receive  no  elevation  by  her  decease,  but 
are  for  ever  the  mere  slaves  of  their  mas- 
ter's lust.  At  the  same  time  their  infe- 
rior position,  and  therefore  inferior  conse- 
quence, gains  them  some  agreeable  privi- 
leges. The  principal  wife  is  not  allowed  to 
indulge  in  conversation  or  any  free  inter- 
course with  strangers — a  pleasure  which  is 
sometimes  enjoyed  with  little  restraint  by 
the  others,  as  well  as  by  the  female  domes- 
tics. Not  much  jealousy  appears  to  be  en- 
tertained by  these  women,  who  are  easily 
to  be  procured.  Their  sons  receive  half  as 
much  patrimony  as  the  sons  of  the  mis- 
tress of  the  household. 

The  social  laws  of  China  inculcate  the 
good  treatment  of  wives  ;  but  the  main 
solicitude  of  the  legislator  has  been  with 
respect  to  the  fixity  of  the  law,  and  the 
rights  of  the  male  or  supreme  sex.  Leav- 
ing her  parents'  home,  the  girl  is  trans- 
ferred into  bondage.  Some  men,  however, 
go  to  the  house  of  their  bride's  father, 
which  is  contrary  to  the  established  form  ; 
but  when  once  received  across  the  threshold 
as  a  son-in-law,  he  cannot  be  ejected,  and 
leaves  only  when  he  is  inclined. 

A  man  may  not  marry  within  a  certain 
period  of  his  chief  wife's  death  ;  but  if  he 
takes  a  woman  who  has  already  been  his 
concubine,  the  punishment  is  two  degrees 
milder.  So  also  with  widows,  who  cannot 
be  forced  by  their  friends  to  make  any  new 
engagement  at  all,  but  are  protected  by 
the  law.  Women  left  in  this  position 
have  a  powerful  dissuasive  against  a  fresh 
union,  in  the  entire  independence  which 
they  enjoy,  and  which  they  could  enjoy 
under  no  other  circumstances. 

With  respect  to  the  laws  relating  to  con- 
sanguinity, the  Chinese  system  is  particu- 
larly rigid.  The  prohibited  limits  lie  very 
widely  apart.  In  this  a  change  appears  to 
have  been  effected  under  the  Mantchus,  for 


among  the  traces  of  ancient  manners  which 
become  visible  at  a  remoter  [)eriod,  revealed 
only,  however,  by  the  twilight  of  tradition, 
a  profligate  state  of  public  morals  is  indi- 
cated. We  find  parents  giving  both  their 
daughters  in  marriage  to  one  man,  while 
the  intercourse  of  the  sexes  was  all  but  en- 
tirely unrestrained.  The  strictness  of  the 
modern  law  is  attended  with  some  inconve- 
nient results,  for  in  China  the  number  of 
family  names  is  very  small,  while  it  en- 
acted that  all  marriages  between  persons  of 
the  same  family  names  are  not  only  null 
and  void,  but  punishable  by  blov/s  and  a 
fine.  All  such  contracts  between  indivi- 
duals previously  related  by  marriage  with- 
in four  degrees,  are  denounced  as  inces- 
tuous. A  man  may  not  marry  his  father's 
or  his  mother's  sister-in-law,  his  father's  or 
mother's  aunt's  daughter,  his  son-in-law's 
or  daughter-in-law's  sister,  his  grandson's 
wife's  sister,  his  mother's  brother's  or  sis- 
ter's daughter,  or  any  blood  relations  what- 
ever, to  any  degree,  however  remote.  Such 
offences  are  punished  with  the  bamboo. 
Death  by  strangling  is  enacted  against  one 
who  marries  a  brother's  widow,  while  with 
a  grandfather's  or  father's  wife  it  is  more 
particularly  infamous,  and  the  criminal 
suffers  the  extreme  disgrace  of  decapita- 
tion. 

These  regulations  apply  to  the  first  wife, 
similar  offences  with  regard  to  the  inferior 
being  visited  with  penalties  two  degrees 
less  severe.  Not  only,  however,  are  the 
degrees  of  cousanguiuity  strictly  defined, 
but  the  union  of  classes  is  under  restric- 
tion. An  officer  of  government  within  the 
third  order  marrying  into  a  family  under 
his  jurisdiction,  or  in  which  legal  proceed- 
ings are  under  his  investigation,  is  subject 
to  heavy  punishm^ent.  The  family  of  the 
girl,  if  they  voluntarily  aid  him,  incur  the 
chastisement  also  ;  but  if  they  have  sub- 
mitted under  fear  of  his  authority,  they 
are  exempt.  To  marry  an  absconded  fe- 
male, flying  from  justice,  is  prohibited.  To 
take  forcibly  as  a  wife  a  freeman's  daugh- 
ter, subjects  the  offender  to  death  by  stran- 
gulation. An  officer  of  government,  or  the 
son  of  any  high  functionary  with  heredi- 
tary honours,  who  talces  as  his  first  or  infe- 
rior wife  a  female  comedian  or  musician,  or 
any  member  of  a  disreputable  class,  is  pu- 
nished by  sixty  strokes  of  the  bamboo.  An 
equal  punishment  is  inflicted  on  any  priest 
who  marries  at  all ;  and,  in  addition  to  this, 
he  is  expelled  his  order.  If  he  delude  a 
woman  under  false  pretences,  he  incurs  the 
penalty  of  the  worst  incest.  Slaves  and 
free  persons  are  forbidden  to  intermarry. 
Any  person,  conniving  at,  or  neglectiDg  to 


K2 


132 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


denounce,  such  illegal  contracts,  are  crimi- 
nals before  the  law. 

The  union  after  the  betrothal  must  be 
completed;  but  it  may  also  be  broken. 
Seven  causes,  according  to  the  law,  justify 
a  man  in  repudiating  his  first  wife.  These 
are — barrenness,  lasciviousness,  disregard 
of  her  husband's  parents,  talkativeness, 
thievish  propensities,  an  envious  suspicious 
temper,  and  inveterate  infirmity.  If,  how- 
ever, any  of  the  three  legal  reasons  against 
divorce  can  be  proved  by  the  woman,  she 
cannot  be  put  away — first,  that  she  has 
mourned  three  years  for  her  husband's  fa- 
mily ;  second,  that  the  family  has  become 
rich  after  having  been  poor  before  and  at 
the  time  of  marriage  ;  third,  her  having  no 
father  or  mother  living  to  receive  her.  She 
is  thus  protected,  in  some  measure,  from 
her  husband's  caprice.  If  she  commit 
adultery,  however,  he  dare  not  retain,  but 
must  dismiss  her.  If  she  abscond  against 
his  will,  she  may  be  severely  flogged  ;  if 
she  commit  bigamy,  she  is  strangled.  When 
a  man  leaves  his  home,  his  wife  must  re- 
main in  it  three  years  before  she  can  sue 
for  a  divorce,  and  then  give  notice  of  her 
intention  before  a  public  tribunal.  It  is 
forbidden,  under  peremptory  enactments, 
to  harbour  a  fugitive  wife  or  female  ser- 
vant. 

A  man  finding  his  wife  in  the  act  of 
adultery  may  kill  her  with  her  paramour, 
provided  he  does  it  immediately,  but  only 
on  that  condition.  If  the  guilty  wife  adds 
to  her  crime  by  intriguing  against  her  hus- 
band's life,  she  dies  by  a  slow  and  painful 
execution.  If  even  the  .adulterer  slay  her 
husband  without  her  knowledge,  she  is 
strangled.  The  privilege  of  putting  a  wife 
to  death  is  not  allowed  for  any  inferior 
offence.  To  strike  a  husband,  is  punishable 
by  a  hundred  blows  and  divorce  ;  to  dis- 
able him,  with  strangulation.  In  all  these 
circumstances  the  inferior  wife  is  punished 
one  degree  more  severely.  Thus  offences 
against  them  are  less  harshly,  and  offences 
by  them  more  rigidly,  chastised.  In  addi- 
tion to  these  legal  visitations  the  bamboo 
is  at  hand  to  preserve  discipline  among  the 
women. 

One  of  the  laws  of  China  exhibits  a  pe- 
culiar feature  of  depravity  in  the  people. 
It  is  enacted,  that  whoever  lends  his  wife 
or  daughter  upon  hire  is  to  be  severely  pu- 
nished, and  any  one  falsely  bargaining 
away  his  wife  or  his  sister  is  to  be  similarly 
dealt  with.  All  persons  consenting  to  the 
transaction  share  the  penalty.  Nor  is  this 
an  obsolete  enactment  against  an  unknown 
crime.  Instances  do  not  unfrcquently 
occur  of  poor  men  selling  their  wives  as 


op- 


concubines  to  their  wealthier  neighbours. 
Others  prostitute  them  for  gain  ;  but  these 
instances  of  profligacy  usually  occur  in  the 
large  and  crowded  cities.  Sometimes  the 
woman  consents,  but  sometimes  also 
poses  the  infamous  design. 

In  1832  a  woman  was  condemned  to 
strangulation  for  killing  her  husband  by 
accident,  while  resisting  an  adulterer  whom 
he  had  introduced  for  her  to  prostitute 
herself  to  him.  These  incidents  occur  only 
in  the  lowest  class.  Some  men  are  as  jea- 
lous as  Turks,  and  maintain  eunuchs  to 
guard  their  wives. 

Under  this  system  many  restrictions  are 
imposed  on  the  women  of  China.  They 
form  no  part  of  what  is  called  society,  en- 
joying little  companionship,  even  wdth  per- 
sons of  their  own  sex.  Those  of  the  better 
class  are  instructed  in  embroidering  and 
other  graceful  but  useless  accomplishments. 
They  are  seldom  educated  to  any  extent, 
though  some  instances  have  occurred  of 
learned  women  and  elegant  poetesses,  who 
have  been  praised  and  admired  throughout 
the  country.  Fond  of  gay  clothes,  of 
gaudy  furniture,  and  brilliant  decoration, 
they  love  nothing  so  much  as  display ;  and 
though  assuming  a  demure  and  timid  air, 
cannot  be  highly  praised  on  this  account, 
for  their  bashfulness  is,  in  such  cases,  more 
apparent  than  real.  Still  they  are  gene- 
rally described  as  faithful  partners.  Reli- 
gious services  are  performed  for  them  in 
the  temple,  to  which  women  are  admitted. 
The  wives  of  the  poorer  sort  labour  in  the 
fields,  and  perform  all  the  drudgery  of  the 
house,  an  occupation  which  is  held  as 
suited  to  their  nature.  "  Let  my  daughter 
sweep  your  house"  is  the  expression  made 
use  of  in  oflTering  a  wife.  It  should  be 
mentioned,  however,  to  relieve  the  dark- 
ness of  this  picture,  that  husbands  often 
present  ofierings  at  the  temples,  with 
prayers  to  the  gods  for  the  recovery  of 
their  sick  wives.  The  idea  may  indeed 
suggest  itself,  that  this  is  with  a  view  to 
economy,  as  girls  arc  costly  purchases ; 
but  no  man  is  the  greater  philosopher  for 
asserting  that  a  whole  nation  exists  without 
the  commonest  sentiments  of  human  na- 
ture. Indeed,  many  instances  occur  even  in 
China  of  husbands  and  wives  living  as 
dear  friends  together,  especially  when  poly- 
gamy has  not  been  adopted  in  the  dwell- 
ing. The  obedience  to  old  habits  is  not  to 
be  confounded  with  characteristic  harsh- 
ness in  the  individual ;  nor  does  it  seem 
impossible,  when  we  examine  the  variety 
of  manners  in  the  world,  to  believe  in  a 
strong  and  tender  attachment  between  a 
man  and  the  woman  whom,  in  adherence 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


133 


to  ancient  usage,  he  would  not  allow  to  eat 
at  the  same  table  with  himself.  A  privi- 
lege belongs  to  the  female  sex  here  which 
it  enjoys  in  no  other  barbarian  country. 
A  strong  authority  is  recognised  in  the 
widow  over  her  son.  She  is  acknowledged 
to  have  the  right  to  be  supported  by  him, 
and  it  is  a  proverbial  saying,  that  "  a  wo- 
man is  thrice  dependent— before  marriage 
on  her  father,  after  marriage  on  her  hus- 
band, when  a  widow  on  her  son." 

From  this  view  of  the  condition  of  wo- 
men, and  the  regulations  of  marriage,  we 
proceed  to  an  important  part  of  the  sub- 
ject— the  infanticide  for  which  China  has 
been  so  infamously  celebrated.  It  is  im- 
possible to  conceive  a  more  contradictory 
confusion  of  statements,  than  we  have  seen 
put  forward  with  reference  to  this  ques- 
tion. Weighing  the  various  authorities, 
however,  we  are  inclined  to  adopt  a  moderate 
view,  rejecting  the  extravagant  pictures  of 
one,  and  the  broad  denials  of  the  other  set 
of  writers.  Infanticide,  it  cannot  be  dis- 
puted, is  practised  in  the  country,  and  to  a 
considerable  extent ;  but  it  is,  and  always 
will  be  impossible,  to  acquire  the  exact  sta- 
tistics, or  even  an  approximation  to  the 
precise  truth. 

Two  causes  appear  to  have  operated  in 
encouraging  this  practice — the  poverty  of 
the  lower  classes,  and  the  severity  of  the 
law  with  respect  to  the  illicit  intercourse 
of  the  sexes.  The  former  is  the  principal 
cause.  There  is  a  strong  maternal  feeling 
in  the  woman's  breast,  and  children  are 
only  destroyed  when  the  indigence  of  the 
parents  allows  no  hope  of  rearing  them  well. 
It  is  inva,riably  the  female  child  which  is, 
under  these  circumstances,  slain  ;  for  the 
son  can  always,  after  a  few  years,  earn  his 
livelihood,  and  be  an  assistance,  instead  of 
a  burden,  to  the  family.  The  birth  of  a 
female  child  is  regarded  as  a  calamity,  and 
brings  mourning  into  the  house.  ()ne  of 
the  national  proverbs  expresses  this  fact  in 
a  striking  manner,  exhibiting  also  the  in- 
ferior estimation  in  which  that  sex  is 
viewed.  It  says,  that  to  a  female  infant  a 
common  tile  may  be  given  as  a  toy,  while 
to  a  male  a  gem  should  be  presented. 

When  it  is  determined  to  destroy  the 
offspring  thus  born  under  the  roof  of 
poverty,  a  choice  of  method  is  open.  It 
may  be  drowned  in  warm  water ;  its  throat 
may  be  pinched  ;  it  may  be  stifled  by  a  Vv^et 
cloth  tied  over  its  mouth  ;  it  may  be  choked 
by  grains  of  rice.  Another  plan  is  to  carry 
the  child,  immediately  after  its  birth,  and 
bury  it  alive.  Captain  Collins,  of  the 
Plover  sloop-of-war,  relates  that  some  of  his 
company,  while  visiting  the  coast  of  China, 


saw  a  boat  full  of  men  and  women,  with 
four  infants.  They  landed  and  dug  two 
pits,  in  which  they  were  about  to  inter 
their  living  but  feeble  victims,  when  they 
were  disturbed.  They  then  made  off  rapidly, 
and  passed  round  a  headland,  beyond  which 
they,  no  doubt,  accomplished  their  purpose 
without  interruption.  When  the  mission- 
ary Smith  was  in  the  suburbs  of  Canton, 
in  1844,  he  was  presented  by  a  native  with 
a  work  written  by  a  mandarin,  and  pub- 
lished gratuitously  at  the  expense  of  go- 
vernment, to  discourage  the  practice  of 
infanticide.  When  questioned  upon  the 
actual  prevalence  of  the  custom,  the  native 
said  that,  taking  a  circle  with  a  radius  of  ten 
miles  from  the  spot  they  then  occupied,  the 
number  of  infanticides  within  the  space 
thus  included  would  not  exceed  five  hun- 
dred in  a  year.  It  was  confined  to  the 
very  poor,  and  originated  in  the  difficulty 
of  rearing  and  providing  for  their  female 
offspring.  The  rich  never  encouraged,  and 
the  poor  were  ashamed,  of  the  practice.  He 
knewmen  whohad  drowned  their  daughters, 
but  would  not  confess  the  act,  speaking  of 
their  children  as  though  they  had  died  of 
disease.  In  Fokien  j^rovince,  on  the  con- 
trary, infanticides  were  numerous.  At  a 
place  called  Kea-King-Chow,  about  five 
days'  journey  from  Canton,  there  were 
computed  to  be  500  or  600  cases  in  a 
month.  The  comparative  immunity  of 
Canton  from  the  contagion  of  this  crime 
was  the  government  foundling-hospital 
established  there.  About  500  female  chil- 
dren, born  of  parents  in  poverty  and  want, 
were  annually  received,  to  have  temporary 
provision  and  sustenance.  From  time  to 
time,  the  more  Avealthy  merchants  and 
gentry  visit  the  institution  to  select  some 
of  the  children,  whom  they  take  home  to 
educate  as  concubines  or  servants.  The 
hospital  has  accommodation  for  at  least  1000 
infants,  each  of  which  is  usually  removed 
after  three  months,  either  to  the  house  of 
some  voluntary  guardian,  or  to  wet  nurses 
in  other  districts.  This  is  the  only  import- 
ant institution  of  the  kind  in  the  province. 
Infanticide  is  still,  even  by  the  most  favour- 
able accounts,  lamentably  prevalent.  The 
foundling-hospitals,  of  which  there  is  one 
in  every  great  town,  do  certainly  oppose  a 
check  to  the  practice.  That  at  Shanghae 
receives  annually  about  200  infants. 

The  villagers  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Amoy  confessed  that  female  infanticide 
was  generally  practised  among  them,  and 
their  statements  were  expressed  in  a  man- 
ner which  left  no  doubt  that  they  considered 
it  an  innocent  and  proper  expedient  for 
lightening  the  evils  of  poverty.     Two  out 


134 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


j  of  every  four,  they  said,  were  destroyed  ; 
but  rich  people,  who  could  afford  to  bring 
them  up  never  resorted  to,  because  they 
never  needed,  such  a  means  of  relief.  Some 
killed  three,  four,  or  even  five  out  of  six  ; 
it  depended  entirely  on  the  circumstances 
of  the  individual.  The  object  was  effected 
immediately  after  the  infant's  birth.  If 
sons,  however,  were  born  in  alternate  suc- 
cession, it  was  regarded  as  an  omen  of 
happy  fortune  for  the  parents,  and  the 
daughters  v/ere  spared.  None  of  the  vil- 
lagers denied  to  any  of  their  questioners 
the  generality  of  the  custom,  but  few  would 
confess  personally  to  the  actual  fact.  In 
some  districts  one-half  was  reported  as  the 
average  destruction  of  the  female  popula- 
tion, and  in  the  cities  some  declared  the 
crime  was  equally  prevalent,  though  we 
may  take  this  as  the  exaggeration  which 
always  attends  the  loose  statements  of 
ignorant  men,  who,  having  little  idea  of 
figures,  are  required  to  furnish  a  number, 
and  speak  at  random. 

Infanticide,  however,  is  not  wholly  con- 
fined to  the  poor.  It  is  occasionally  re- 
sorted to  by  the  rich  to  conceal  their  illicit 
amours.  In  1838  a  proclamation  against 
it  was  published,  but  the  general  perpetra- 
tion of  the  crime  rendered  its  repression 
impossible,  with  such  machinery  as  the 
Emperor  has  at  his  command.  Abeel  cal- 
culated that  throughout  a  large  district, 
the  average  was  39  per  cent,  of  the  female 
children.  It  is  evident,  however,  from  all 
these  facts,  that  inider  an  improved  go- 
vernment, the  crime  might  be  altogether 
extinguished,  not  by  severe  enactments  or 
vigilant  police,  but  by  rendering  infanticide 
unnecessary  in  the  eyes  of  the  people. 

The  second  cause  which  induces  parents 
to  destroy  their  children  is  the  stringency 
of  the  laAV  against  the  illicit  intercourse  of 
unmarried  people ;  its  provisions  are  equally 
characteristic  and  severe.  To  render  its 
enforcement  easier,  the  separation  of  the 
sexes  is  rigidly  insisted  upon.  Not  only 
are  servants,  but  even  brothers  and  sisters, 
prohibited  from  mixing  except  under  regu- 
lation. Intercourse  by  mutual  consent  is 
punished  with  70  blows,  while  with  married 
people  the  penalty  varies  from  80  to  100. 
Violation  of  a  female,  wedded  or  single, 
is  punished  by  strangulation.  An  assault, 
with  intent  to  ravish,  by  100  strokes  of  the 
bamboo  and  perpetual  banishment  to  a 
remote  spot.  Intercourse  with  children 
under  twelve  years  of  age  is  treated  as  rape. 
Should  a  child  be  born  from  one  of  these 
unlawful  intrigues,  its  support  devolves  on 
the  father ;  but  if  the  transaction  be  thus 
far  concealed,  this  evidence  of  it  is  usually 


sunk  in  the  river,  or  flung  out  by  the  way- 
side. An  unmarried  woman  found  pregnant 
is  severely  punished,  whether  her  accom- 
plice can  be  discovered  or  not.  The  illicit 
intercourse  of  slaves  with  their  masters' 
wives  or  daughters  is  punished  with  death  ; 
while  officers  of  government,  civil  and 
military,  and  the  sons  of  those  who  hold 
hereditary  rank,  if  found  indulging  in 
criminal  intrigues  with  females  under  their 
jurisdiction,  are  subjected  to  unmerciful 
castigation  with  the  stick. 

One  grace  is  accorded  to  the  weaker  sex 
in  China.  No  woman  is  committed  to  pri- 
son, except  in  capital  cases,  or  cases  of 
adultery.  In  all  others  they  remain,  if 
married,  in  the  custody  of  their  husbands  ; 
if  single,  in  that  of  their  friends.  No  wo- 
man quick  with  child  can  be  flogged,  tor- 
tured, or  executed,  until  a  hundred  days 
after  her  delivery. 

Women,  however,  of  the  poorer  orders, 
whose  friends  do  not  care,  or  are  unable, 
to  be  responsible  for  them,  are  lodged 
under  the  care  of  female  wardens,  and  in 
reference  to  this  we  may  instance  a  cu- 
rious fact  illustrative  of  prison  discipline 
in  China.  In  1805  one  of  the  great  officers 
of  government  made  a  report  to  the  Empe- 
ror, that  three  female  warders  of  the  pri- 
son were  in  the  habit  of  engaging  with 
traders  in  an  illicit  and  disgraceful  inter- 
course with  female  servants,  and  hiring 
out  the  female  prisoners,  not  yet  sentenced 
or  waiting  for  discharge,  to  gain  money  for 
them  by  prostitution. 

Sensual  as  the  Chinese  are,  the  punish- 
able breach  of  the  moral  law — the  inter- 
course of  unmarried  persons — is  checked  by 
the  system  of  early  marriages.  Children 
are  often  betrothed  in  the  cradle.  Men 
seldom  pass  the  age  of  twenty,  or  girls 
that  of  fifteen,  in  celibacy.  The  Parsees, 
however,  of  all  ages,  are  notorious  for  their 
abandoned  mode  of  life. 

Prostitution,  however,  prevails  to  a  pro- 
digious extent.  There  is  throughout  the 
country  a  regular  traffic  in  females.  "  Se- 
duction and  adultery,"  says  Williams,  "  are 
comparatively  unfrequent  ;  but  brothels 
and  their  inmates  occur  everywhere  on 
land  and  water.  One  danger  attending 
young  girls  going  alone  is,  that  they  will 
be  stolen  for  incarceration  in  these  gates 
of  hell" 

This  is  in  allusion  to  a  very  extraordi- 
nary system  prevalent  in  the  great  cities  of 
China.  In  1832  it  was  calculated  there 
were  between  8000  and  10,000  prosti- 
tutes having  abodes  in  and  about  Canton. 
Of  these  the  greater  portion  had  been, 
stolen   while   children,  and   compelled   to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


135 


adopt  that  course  of  life.  Dressed  gaily, 
taught  to  affect  happiness,  and  trained  in 
seductive  manners,  tiiej  were  examples  of 
their  class  in  Europe.  Many  young  girls 
were  carried  away,  forcibly  violated,  and 
then  consigned  to  a  brothel. 

Hundreds  of  kidnappers,  chiefly  women, 
swarmed  in  the  city,  gaining  a  livelihood 
by  the  traffic  in  young  girls  and  children. 
Nor  was  this  the  only  way  in  which  such 
places  Avere  supplied.  In  times  of  general 
scarcity  or  individual  want,  parents  have 
been  seen  leading  their  own  daughters 
through  the  streets  and  offering  them  for 
sale.  The  selling  of  children,  says  Co- 
ny ngham,  one  of  the  most  recent  visitors 
to  Canton,  is  an  every-day  occurrence,  and 
is  on  the  whole  a  check  upon  infanticide. 
The  little  victims  are  seen  constantly  pass- 
ing on  their  way  to  the  habitations  of  their 
purchasers  gaily  dressed  out  as  though 
for  some  great  ceremony  or  happy  festival. 
Of  these,  indeed,  some  are  disposed  of  as 
concubines,  but  many  also  are  deliberately 
sold  to  be  brought  up  as  prostitutes.  It  is 
looked  upon  as  a  simple  mercantile  trans- 
action, the  children  being  transferred  at 
once  to  the  brothels,  whence  they  are  hired 
out  for  the  profit  of  their  masters.  Some 
of  those  who  are  deserted  or  exposed  to 
perish  are  reserved  by  the  agents  for  these 
places ;  but  the  principal  supply  is  brought 
by  kidnappers.  Proclamation  after  procla- 
mation has  been  issued  to  complain  of 
them,  but  with  little  effect.  The  system 
appears  rather  on  the  increase  than  other- 
wise. 

The  children  thus  purchased  or  picked 
up  in  the  streets  are  educated  with  care, 
taught  to  play  on  various  kinds  of  instru- 
ments, to  dance,  to  sing,  to  perform  in  co- 
medies or  pantomimes,  and  to  excel  in 
many  graceful  accomplishments,  which 
render  them  agreeable.  They  are  often 
richly  clothed,  and  adorned  in  such  a  way 
as  to  render  them  most  attractive  to  the 
roues  of  Canton  and  Peking. 

They  do  not  often  compress  their  feet,  as 
it  is  a  hindrance  to  their  movements,  but 
may  be  seen  in  the  streets  occasionally — 
though  not  often — with  painted  faces,  look- 
ing boldly  at  the  strangers  who  pass  along. 
Of  the  houses  they  frequent  we  have  no 
particular  description  ;  but  they  probably 
resemble  much  similar  places  of  resort  in 
civilized  countries.  A  peculiar  feature  of 
China,  however,  is  displayed  in  the  floating 
brothels,  which  are  the  chief  habitations 
of  the  prostitutes.  Licentious  as  the  na- 
tive of  that  empire  is  in  the  general  turn 
of  his  ideas,  he  makes  a  public  display  of 
his  indulgence  in  those  pleasures  v/hich  in 


Europe  men  affect,  at  least,  to  conceal 
from  general  view.  The  floating  brothels 
of  the  Pearl  lliver  are  moored  in  conspi- 
cuous situations,  and  distinguished  from 
the  other  boats  by  the  superior  style  of 
their  structure  and  decorations.  The  sur- 
face of  the  stream,  indeed,  is  studded  with 
beautiful  junks,  which  arc  the  first  objects 
to  attract  the  traveller's  eye  as  he  ap- 
proaches the  provincial  city  of  Canton. 
Comparatively  few  of  the  women  parade 
the  streets,  except  when  they  form  part  of 
a  public  procession,  so  that  there  is  at 
least  in  the  heart  of  the  town  an  appear- 
ance of  morality. 

Many  of  these  brothel  junks  are  called 
Flower  Boats,  and  are  resorted  to  by  num- 
bers of  the  class.  They  form,  indeed, 
whole  streets  in  the  floating  city  on  the 
Pearl  River,  which  is  one  of  the  most  re- 
markable features  of  Canton.  The  prosti- 
tutes themselves,  like  all  women  of  the 
same  sisterhood,  lead  a  life  of  reckless  ex- 
travagance— plunging  while  they  can  into 
all  the  exciting  pleasures  which  are  offered 
by  their  particular  mode  of  life,  careless  of 
the  future,  and  eagerly  snatching  at  any- 
thing which  may  release  them  from  the 
change  of  dulness  or  time  for  reflection. 
Diseases  are  very  prevalent  among  them, 
and  cause  much  havoc  among  the  men  who 
frequent  their  boats  or  houses.  They  en- 
deavour to  cure  themselves  by  means  of 
drugs  and  medicinal  draughts,  and  by  this 
means  concentrate  the  malady  upon  some 
secret  vital  part,  whence  it  shoots  through 
the  frame,  but  does  not  manifest  itself 
u.nt.il  the  victim  is  all  but  destroyed.  With 
the  exception  of  an  unusual  paleness  and  a 
heated  appearance  in  the  eyes,  the  prosti- 
tutes do  not  wear  the  aspect  of  disease  ; 
but  they,  indeed,  paint  themselves  inordi- 
nately to  mask  the  ravages  of  time  or  the 
maladies  which  afilict  them. 

The  prostitutes  of  Canton  are  usually 
congregated  in  companies  or  troops,  each 
of  which  is  under  the  government  of  a 
man  who  is  answerable  for  their  conduct — • 
if  they  rob,  or  disturb  the  peace,  or  commit 
any  gross  offence  against  decency,  or  perpe- 
trate any  other  offence.  National  delicacy, 
however,  has  little  to  do  with  the  prohibi- 
tions which  restrain  them  from  entering 
certain  parts  of  the  city,  and  forbid  young- 
men  of  rank  and  influence  to  hold  inter- 
course with  them.  The  brothel  junks, 
of  lofty  build,  brightly  painted,  and  glitter- 
ing with  gaudy  variegated  flags,  float  in 
squadrons  on  the  water,  are  seen  and  known 
by  all,  and  are  resorted  to  bynumbers  of  the 
citizens.  Persons  pass  to  and  from  them 
without  an  attempt  at  disguise  or  conceal- 


136 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ment.  Rich  men,  on  festive  occasions,  make 
up  a  party  of  pleasure,  embark  in  a  gaily- 
decorated  boat,  send  to  one  of  the  prosti- 
tute junks,  engage  as  many  of  the  women 
as  they  please,  and  spend  the  day  in  amuse- 
ment with  them.  It  is  openly  done,  and  no 
disgrace  attaches  to  it.  The  junks  them- 
selves are  fitted  up  in  the  interior — accord- 
ing to  the  class  of  prostitutes  inhabiting 
them — with  all  the  appurtenances  of  luxury, 
and  on  board  them  is  a  perpetual  gala. 
It  would  be  interesting  to  know  how  many 
of  these  boats  are  known  to  float  on  the 
Pearl  River,  with  the  average  number  of 
prostitutes  in  each. 

But  this  is  not  the  only,  or  the  most 
offensive  form  which  prostitution  assumes 
in  China.  An  incident  which  occurred  at 
Shensee  a  few  years  ago  illustrates  another 
system,  which  is  clandestine,  though  appa- 
parently  carried  on  to  a  considerable  extent. 
A  young  widow  resided  there  with  her 
mother-in-law,  supporting  herself  and  her 
companion  by  the  wages  of  prostitution. 
At  length  her  occupation  failed  her  ;  she 
was  deserted  by  her  associates,  and  could 
procure  no  more  rice  or  money  by  the  pur- 
suit of  her  vicious  calling.  The  elder 
woman,  however,  would  not  hear  of  these 
excuses,  ordered  her  daughter-in-law  to 
obtain  her  usual  supplies  from  the  man 
she  had  last  cohabited  with,  and  on  her 
declaring  her  inability,  began  to  flog  her. 
The  prostitute  defended  herself,  and  at 
last,  taking  up  a  sickle,  struck  her  relative 
dead.  She  was  seized,  tried,  and  con- 
demned to  be  cut  in  pieces  for  the  crime  ; 
but  as  her  mother-in-lav>^  had  been  guilty 
of  an  illegal  act  in  forcing  her  to  prostitute 
herself,  the  sentence  was  changed  to  decapi- 
tation. 

It  is  to  be  regretted  that  our  sources  of 
information  on  this  subject  are  not  more 
copious.  Travellers  have  had  opportunities 
of  communicating  more,  but  have  refrained 
from  doing  so.  We  wait  for  a  separate  and 
full  account  of  prostitution  in  China  *. 

*  Staunton,  Tee  Tsin^  Leu  Lee,  Code  of 
Criminal  Law ;  Davis,  the  Chinese  ;  Guttzlaff's 
China  Opened ;  Fortune's  Wanderings  in  the 
North  of  China  ;  Smith's  Visits  to  the  Consular 
Cities  of  China ;  Montgomery  Martin's  China  ; 
Forbes's  Five  Years  in  China  ;  Wihianis's  Survey 
of  the  Chinese  Empire  ;  Tradescant  Lay's  Cliinese 
as  they  Are  ;  Morrison's  View  of  China;  Meadow's 
Desultory  Notes  on  China  ;  The  Chinese  lle- 
pository  ;  Hugh  Murray's  Description  of  China  ; 
Thornton's  History  of  China  ;  Abeel's  Residence 
in  China  ;  Cunyngham's  Recollections  of  Service  ; 
Abel's  Embassy  to  China;  Medhurst's  State  of 
China ;  Auguste  Harpman,  llevue  des  Deux 
Mondes;  Langdon's  China;  De  Gfuignes,  Voyage 
H  Peking. 


Or  Prostitution  in  Japan. 

Among  the  innumerable  islands  scattered 
over  the  southern  and  eastern  oceans  there 
are  none  more  curious  in  their  social  as- 
pects than  Japan.  We  find  there  a  kind 
of  native  civilization,  influenced  indeed 
by  former  intercourse  with  Europeans,  but 
now  complete  within  itself,  and  isolated 
from  all  other  systems  in  the  world.  The 
mountainous,  rocky,  and  arid  country,  has 
been  fertilized  from  the  centre  to  the  sea 
by  the  persevering  industry  of  a  hardy 
race  ;  they  found  it  poor,  and  they  have 
made  it  one  of  the  richest  agricultural 
regions  in  the  globe.  This  fact  serves  to 
illustrate  the  national  character. 

The  Japanese,  upon  whose  institutions 
much  light  has  been  thrown  by  the  learned 
and  laborious  researches  of  Mr.  Thomas 
Rundall,  of  the  Hakluyt  Society,  may  be 
described  as  a  punctilious,  haughty,  vin- 
dictive, and  licentious  people  ;  but  there 
is  nothing  vulgar  in  their  composition. 
Truth  is  held  in  reverence,  hospitality  is 
viewed  as  sacred,  and  the  bonds  of  friend- 
ship are  regarded  with  extraordinary  earn- 
estness. St.  Francis  Xavier,  the  apostle  of 
the  Indies,  declared  "the  Japans"  to  be 
the  delight  of  his  heart.  There  is,  per- 
haps, more  to  admire  than  to  love  in  their 
character.  They  are  certainly  elevated  far 
above  many  of  the  nations  who  surround 
them,  as  well  in  the  arts  as  in  the  ameni- 
ties of  life.  Virtue  is  a  recognised  prin- 
ciple, and  this  indicates  a  phase  of  true 
civilization. 

The  character  of  the  male  is  reflected 
by  the  female  sex.  Intelligent  and  agreeable 
in  their  manners,  afiectionate  in  their 
family  relations,  and  faithful  to  their  mar- 
riage vows,  the  women  of  Japan  breathe 
all  the  pride  of  virtue.  The  man  who 
attempts  the  honour  of  a  matron  some- 
times encounters  death  in  his  adventure. 

In  illustration  of  this  characteristic,  Mr. 
Rundall  relates  an  interesting  anecdote.  , 
A  noble,  going  on  a  journey,  left  his  Avife 
at  home,  and  another  man  of  rank  made 
infamous  proposals  to  her.  Her  scorn  and 
indignation  only  inflamed  him  to  his  pur- 
pose, which  he  efi^ected  in  spite  of  her 
denial.  When  her  husband  returned  she 
received  him  with  much  reserve,  and  when 
he  asked  why,  bade  him  wait  until  the 
morrow,  when  a  grand  feast  was  to  be 
given.  Among  the  guests  was  the  noble 
who  had  wronged  her.  They  sat  down  on 
the  terraced  roof  of  the  house,  and  the 
festival  began.  After  the  repast  the  wo- 
man  rose,    declared   the    injury   she    had 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


137 


suflfered,  and  passionately  entreated  to  be 
slain,  as  a  creature  unfit  to  live.  The 
guests,  the  husband  foremost,  besought  her 
to  be  calm ;  they  strove  to  impress  her 
with  the  idea  that  she  had  done  no  wrong, 
that  she  was  an  innocent  victim,  though 
the  author  of  the  outrage  merited  no  less 
punishment  than  death.  She  thanked  them 
all  kindly ;  she  wept  on  her  husband's 
shoulder — she  kissed  him  affectionately — 
then,  suddenly  escaping  from  his  embraces, 
rushed  precipitately  to  the  edge  of  the 
terrace,  and  cast  herself  over  the  parapet. 
In  the  confusion  that  ensued,  the  author 
of  the  mischief,  still  unsuspected,  for  the 
hapless  creature  had  not  indicated  the 
offender,  made  his  way  down  the  stairs. 
When  the  rest  of  the  party  arrived  he  was 
found  weltering  in  his  blood  by  the  corse 
of  his  victim.  He  had  expiated  his  crime 
by  committing  suicide  in  the  national 
manner,  by  slashing  himself  across  the  ab- 
domen with  two  slashes  in  the  form  of  a 
cross." 

The  condition  of  women  in  Japan  varies 
with  different  classes.  Those  of  high  rank 
have  a  separate  suite  of  rooms  assigned  to 
them,  beyond  which  they  are  seldom  seen. 
Among  the  middle  and  lower  orders  they 
enjoy  more  liberty,  though  they  are  careful 
to  seclude  themselves,  and  are  distinguished 
in  general  by  extraordinary  reserve.  Men 
pay  them  a  polite  respect  not  common 
among  semi-barbarians,  as  the  Japanese 
will  continue  to  be  until  they  are  forced  to 
acknowledge  the  duty  of  intercourse  with 
the  rest  of  mankind. 

The  marriaQ;e  laws  of  Japan  are  curious, 
and  vary  in  different  classes.  Among  the 
wealthy  they  are  occasions  of  extravagant 
parade  and  long  ceremonies,  in  which  the 
minutest  detail  is  regulated  by  a  peremp- 
tory law.  A  full  description  of  all  the 
marriage  ceremonial  would  fill  a  small 
volume.  A  man  can  only  take  one  wife ; 
he  is  united  to  her  in  the  temple.  In 
addition,  however,  he  may  take  as  many 
concubines  as  he  chooses,  who  are  not  de- 
graded by  their  position.  He  may  separate 
from  a  woman  when  he  pleases  ;  but  one 
who  is  known  to  have  done  so  must  pay  a 
large  sum  for  the  daughter  of  any  other 
person  whom  he  may  desire  to  have.  Mar- 
riages are  seldom  contracted  before  the  age 
of  fifteen.  The  courtship  and  betrothal 
are  conducted  with  much  formality;  but 
sufficient  opportunity  is  allowed  to  the 
youth  of  the  two  sexes  to  become  acquainted 
each  with  the  other. 

The  Japanese  are  not  so  jealous  as  many 
j  other  Asiatics :  "  Indeed,"  says  Captain 
Golovnin,    "  they  are    not   more   so   than, 


considering  the  frailty  of  the  sex,  is  rea- 
sonable." Nevertheless,  a  man  may  put  his 
wife  to  death  for  whispering  to  a  stranger ; 
while  adultery  is  always  capitally  punished, 
sometimes  by  the  hand  of  the  injured 
husband. 

In  the  northern  parts,  it  is  said,  that  in 
the  beginning  of  the  seventeenth  century  a 
curious  custom  prevailed.  When  a  woman 
was  convicted  of  infidelity,  her  head  was 
shaved.  Her  paramour  was  exposed  to  an 
equally  disgraceful,  but  more  whimsical 
penalty.  The  friends  of  his  victim,  when- 
ever they  met  him,  might  strip  him  naked, 
and  deprive  him  of  his  property.  But  the 
modesty  with  which  youth  are  inspired 
from  the  cradle  tends  much  to  protect 
female  virtue.  The  intercourse  of  the 
sexes,  it  will  thus  be  seen,  is  regulated  by 
very  natural  laws ;  the  condition  of  the 
sex  is  somewhat  high.  Its  virtues  are 
prized  by  the  men,  and  consequently  are 
generally  faithfully  preserved. 

We  have  said,  hoAvever,  that  the  men  of 
Japan  are  licentious  ;  since,  therefore,  the 
wives  and  daughters  of  the  respectable 
classes  are  difficult  to  corrupt,  a  numerous 
sisterhood  of  prostitutes  is  rendered  neces- 
sary. Accordingly  we  find  them  from  the 
earliest  period  associating  with  every  rank 
of  men.  In  one  of  William  Adams's  lettersj 
published  under  the  editorship  of  Mr.  Run- 
dall,  we  find  the  king  coming  on  board  our 
countryman's  vessel,  bringing  with  him  a 
number  of  female  comedians.  These  formed 
large  companies,  and  travelled  from  place 
to  place,  with  a  great  store  of  apparel  for 
the  several  parts  they  played.  They  be- 
longed to  one  man,  who  set  a  price  upon 
their  intercourse  with  others,  above  which 
he  dared  not  charge  under  pain  of  death. 
It  was  left  to  his  own  discretion  to  set  a 
value  on  a  girl  at  first ;  but  afterwards  he 
could  not  raise,  though  he  might  abate  his 
charge.  All  bargains  were  made  with  him, 
and  the  woman  must  go  whither  she  was 
directed.  Men  of  the  highest  rank,  when 
travelling  through  the  islands,  and  resting 
at  houses  of  entertainment,  sent,  without 
shame,  for  companies  of  these  prostitutes ; 
but  the  pander  was  never  received  by  them, 
however  wealthy  he  might  be ;  after  death 
he  was  also  consigned  to  infamy.  Bridled 
with  a  rope  of  straw,  he  was  dragged  in 
the  clothes  he  died  in  through  the  streets 
into  the  fields,  and  there  cast  upon  a  dung- 
hill for  dogs  and  fowls  to  devour. 

In  Koempfer's  account  of  the  city  of 
Nangasaki  we  find  a  curious  description 
of  the  prostitute  system.  The  part  of  the 
town  inhabited  by  these  women  was  called 
"  the  bawdy-house  quarter,"  and  consisted 


138 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  two  streets,  with  the  handsomest  houses 
in  Japan,  situated  on  a  rising  hill.  At 
these  places  the  poor  people  of  the  town 
sold  their  handsome  daughters  while  very 
young,  that  is,  from  ten  to  twenty  years  of 
age.  Every  bawd  kept  as  many  as  she 
was  able  in  one  house;  some  had  seven, 
others  30,  who  were  commodiously  lodged, 
taught  to  dance,  sing,  play  on  musical 
instruments,  and  write  letters.  The  elder 
ones  taught  the  younger,  who  in  return 
waited  on  them;  the  most  docile  and  ac- 
complished were  most  sumptuously  treated. 
The  price  of  these  vromen  was  regulated 
by  law ;  and  one  wretched  creature,  having 
passed  through  all  the  degrees  of  degrada- 
tion, occupied  a  small  room  near  the  door, 
where  she  acted  as  watch  all  night,  and 
sold  herself  for  a  miserable  coin.  Others 
were  set  to  this  task  as  a  punishment  for 
ill  behaviour.  The  infamy  of  this  vile 
profession  attached  justly,  not  so  much  to 
the  unhappy  women  themselves,  as  to  their 
parents  who  educated  them  to  it.  Many, 
as  they  grew  up,  changed  their  mode  of 
life,  and  were  received  again  among  the 
reputable  and  chaste.  Generally  well  edu- 
cated and  politely  bred,  they  often  procured 
husbands,  and  passed  from  a  life  of  daily 
prostitution  to  one  of  unswerving  fidelity, 
^he  pander  and  the  tanner  of  leather  occu- 
pied the  same  position  in  society ;  which 
shows  that  the  prejudice  of  class,  rather 
than  the  abhorrence  of  an  infamous  calling, 
ruled  the  Japanese. 

The  historian  classes  the  temples  and 
brothels  together,  and  not  without  justice. 
Prostitution  was  greatly  encouraged  by 
the  priests.  In  their  public  spectacles, 
representing  the  adventures  of  gods  and 
goddesses,  young  prostitutes,  richly  attired, 
were  engaged  to  act.  Their  performances 
resembled  those  of  the  European  ballet — 
dress,  gesture,  and  action  expressing  that 
which  in  a  drama  language  would  repre- 
sent. 

Such  was  the  prostitute  system  in  the 
great  cities;  throughout  the  country  a 
similar  system  prevailed.  The  houses  of 
entertainment  lining  the  main  highways, 
with  the  tea-booths  of  the  villages,  were 
frequented  by  innumerable  girls.  These 
usually  spent  the  morning  in  painting  and 
dressing  themselves,  and  about  noon  made 
their  appearance  standing  before  the  door 
of  the  house,  or  sitting  on  benches,  whence, 
with^  smiling  face  and  coy  address,  they 
solicited  the  passengers.  In  some  places 
their  chattering  and  laughter  were  heard 
above  all  other  sounds ;  two  villages,  called 
Akasaki  and  Goy,  were  celebrated  on  this 
account,    all    the   houses   being    brothels, 


each  containing  from  three  to  seven  pros- 
titutes. The  Japanese  seldom  passed  one 
of  these  "great  storehouses  of  whores" 
without  holding  intercourse  with  some  of 
tiiese  women.  Koempfer  asserts,  in  con- 
tradiction to  Caras,  who  married  a  native, 
that  there  was  in  his  time  scarcely  one 
house  of  entertainment  in  the  islands  which 
was  not  a  brothel.  When  one  inn  had  too 
many  customers,  it  borrowed  some  girls 
from  a  neighbour  who  had  some  to  spare. 
This  profligate  system  is  said,  in  the 
Japanese  traditions,  to  have  taken  its  rise 
at  a  remote  period,  during  the  reign  of  a 
certain  martial  emperor.  That  monarch, 
who  was  perpetually  marching  his  armies 
to  and  fro,  feared  lest  his  soldiers  should 
become  weary  of  separation  from  their 
wives ;  he  therefore  licensed  public  and 
private  brothels,  which  multiplied  to  such 
an  extent  that  Japan  came  to  be  known 
as  "  the  bawdy-house  of  China."  This  was 
in  allusion  to  a  period  when  prostitution 
was  made  in  that  empire  an  unlawful 
calling,  and  suppressed  by  severe  laws. 
The  people,  deprived  of  the  resources  they 
had  formerly  enjoyed  at  home,  made  Japan 
the  place  of  resort ;  so  that  its  prostitution 
system  flourished  far  and  wide. 

These  accounts  appear  extravagant,  and 
doubtless  are  so  in  some  degree ;  all  writers, 
however,  coincide  in  describing  the  prosti- 
tution system  of  Japan  as  very  extensive 
and  flagitious.  The  French  historian,  Charle- 
roix,  repeats  the  statement  of  Koempfer. 
We  have  before  us  extracts  from  the  auto- 
graph "  diary  of  occurrants "  written  by 
Captain  Richard  Cock,  who  was  chief  of 
the  English  factory  at  Firando,  from  the 
year  1G13  to  1623.  There  are  many  pas- 
sages corroborative  of  the  representations 
we  have  given.  Of  these  some  examples 
follow,  which  are  also  interesting  as  illus- 
trations of  Japanese  manners. 

"a.d.  1616,  Sept.  8th  (at  Edo).— We 
dyned  or  rather  supped  at  a  merchant's 
house  called  Neyem  l)ono,  where  he  pro- 
vided caboques,  or  women  players,  who 
danced  and  sung;  and  when  we  returned 
home  he  sent  every  of  them  to  lie  with 
them  that  would  have  them  all  night. 

"October  24  (at  Yuenda,  between  Edo 
and  Firando.) — We  went  to  bed,  and  paid 
3500  gins ;  and  to  the  servants,  300  gins ; 
and  to  the  children,  200  gins,  or  about  200^. 
This  extraordinary  charge  was  for  that 
we  had  extraordinary  good  cheer,  being 
brought  hither  by  a  merchant  of  Edo,  our 
friend,  called  Neyemon  Edo,  and  every  one 
a  wench  sent  to  him  that  would  have  her. 
I  gave  one  of  them  an  ichcbo,  but  would 
not  have  her  company. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


139 


"1617-18,  January  27tli  (at  Firando).— 
Skiezazon  Dono  set  the  masts  of  his  junk 
this  day,  and  made  a  feast  in  Japan  fashion. 
29th.  Skiezazon  Dono  and  his  consorts  had 
the  feast  of  Baccus  for  their  junk  this  day, 
dancing  through  the  streets  with  caboques 
or  women  players,  and  entered  into  an 
English  house  in  that  order,  most  of  their 
heads  being  heavier  than  their  heels,  that 
they  could  not  find  their  way  home  without 
leading. 

"March  29th  (at  Firando),— The  kyng 
and  the  rest  of  the  noblemen  came  to 
dyner  (at  the  English  house),  and,  as  they 
said,  were  entertained  to  their  own  content, 
and  had  the  dancing  beares  or  caboques  to 
fill  their  wine ;  Nifon  Catanges,  with  a  blind 
fiddler  to  sing,  ditto. 

"July  11th. — There  came  a  company  of 
players,  or  caboques,  with  apes  and  babons, 
sent  from  the  tono,  or  king,  to  play  at  our 
house. 

"December  6th  (at  Meaco). — Our  host, 
Meaco's  brother-in-law,  invited  us  to  dyner 
to  a  place  of  pleasure  without  the 
city,  where  the  dancing  girls  or  caboques 
were  with  a  great  feast ;  and  there  came 
an  antick  dance  of  satyrs  or  wild  men  of 
other  Japons,  until  Avhom  I  gave  1000  gins 
(about  105.),  and  a  bar  of  plate  to  the  good 
man  of  the  house,  value  about  1^.  Is.  6d. 
So  the  dancing  girls  were  sent  home 
after  us." 

As  not  altogether  inapplicable  to  the 
subject,  the  following  passage,  which  shows 
how  the  courtezans  of  Japan  proceed  to- 
wards such  as  would  cheat  them,  may  be 
cited  :  "  The  caboques  took  Tane,  an  inter- 
preter, prisoner,  for  fifteen  tares  (about 
3^.  155.)  he  owed  them  for  lichery,  and,  not 
having  to  pay,  set  his  body  for  sale,  no  cue 
having  the  money  for  him." 

It  would  appear  that  in  obtaining  pos- 
session of  a  female  of  this  class  by  clan- 
destine means  tragical  consequences  may 
ensue;  while,  if  done  fixirly,  considerable 
expense  may  be  involved.  Mr.  Wickham, 
one  of  the  English  factors  stationed  at 
Mesco,  writing  on  the  15th  of  April,  1616, 
to  his  chief,  Captain  Cock,  gives  an  account 
of  a  soldier  of  high  reputation  who  ran 
away  with  a  prostitute,  and,  fearing  she 
would  be  reclaimed,  was  seized  with  a  fit 
of  frenzy,  during  which  he  first  cut  the 
throat  of  the  girl,  and  afterwards  ripped 
himself  up.  The  writer  then  communi- 
cates a  piece  of  news : — "  Micaonaecamo, 
the  nobellman  that  gave  me  my  cattan  or 
sword,  hath  carried  away  a  caboque,  and 
hath  payed  her  master  10,000  tares  (2500^.). 
I  would  I  had  the  money,  and  it  makes  no 
matter  who  hath  the  woman."     Replying 


to  this  communication.  Captain  Cock 
quaintly  observes  on  one  point,  "  Yf  some 
will  be  so  foolish  as  to  cut  their  bellies  for 
love  (or  rather  lust)  of  whores,  the  worst 
end  of  the  staff  will  be  their  owne  ;"  and 
on  the  other  point  he  agrees  with  his 
correspondent  that  he  "had  rather  have 
the  money  than  the  ware." 

Vice  of  a  more  brutal  kind  is  systemati- 
cally practised  by  many  of  the  Japanese 
nobility,  as  Avell  as  by  the  meanest  orders ; 
and  houses  are  kept  for  this  purpose  similar 
to  those  inhabited  by  prostitutes. 

Some  parents  apprentice  out  their  daugh- 
ters for  a  term  of  years  to  this  abominable 
profession,  and  the  girls  then  return  to 
honourable  life.  The  houses  they  frequent 
continually  resound  with  music.  At  Jeddo, 
a  later  traveller  was  informed  there  was 
one  brothel,  or  rather  temple  of  prostitu- 
tion, where  600  women  were  maintained. 
Notwithstanding  this  number,  young  men 
were  nightly  refused  admittance,  from  the 
over-crowded  state  of  the  rooms.  Passing 
through  the  streets  of  the  brothel  quarter 
Golovnin  saw  groups  of  girls  standing 
about  the  doors;  some  of  them  were  in 
the  bloom  of  youth,  and  so  handsome  that 
they  appeared  fascinating  even  to  the  Eu- 
ropean eye. 

Thus  the  system  of  professional  prosti- 
tution flourishes  more  in  Japan  than  in 
any  other  part  of  insular  Asia;  yet  the 
women  of  other  classes  appear  to  hold  a 
higher  position,  and  to  enjoy  more  respect 
from  the  men.  It  is  remarked,  however, 
by  all  writers,  that  the  profligacy  of  the 
female  sex  is  confined  to  those  who  are  so 
by  profession ;  but  the  male  is  generally 
licentious  throughout  the  empire. 

Of  Prostitution  in  the  Ultra- 
Gangetic  Nations. 
In  this  division  we  include  Avhat  are  com- 
monly called  the  Hindu-Chinese  nations, 
or  the  inhabitants  of  that  immense  tract 
lying  between  Hindustan  and  China.  Geo- 
graphy makes  several  sections  of  them,  and 
they  present,  it  is  true,  some  variety  in  laws, 
customs,  and  degrees  of  progress.  But 
these  are  not  more  distinct  than  may  be 
observed  in  every  large  country,  whether 
called  by  one  name  or  many.  The  same 
physical  type  is  marked  upon  them  all ; 
and,  speaking  in  general  terms,  their  man- 
ners are  uniform. 

In  one  respect  they  are  all  similar.  The 
condition  of  women  is  extremely  low.  A 
curious  phenomenon  is  observable  in  rela- 
tion to  this  subject.  The  Buddhists  of  the 
ultra-Gangetic  countries,  uninfluenced  by 
the  jealous  spirit  of  the  Hindu  and  Mo- 


1-10 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


hammedan  codes,  allow  to  the  female  sex 
great  liberty;  yet  assign  it  less  respect 
than  it  enjoys  either  in  Hindustan  or 
China,  to  both  of  which  they  are  inferior 
in  civilization.  The  freedom  thus  conceded 
to  women  fails  to  elevate  them.  They  are 
held  in  contempt,  they  are  taught  to  abase 
themselves  in  their  own  minds,  and  they 
employ  their  licence  in  degrading  them- 
selves still  further.  In  few  parts  of  the 
world  is  the  effect  of  Asiatic  despotism 
more  plainly  visible  than  in  the  countries 
lying  between  Hindustan  and  China.  The 
peculiar  system  of  government  renders 
every  one  the  king's  serf.  The  men  labour 
for  the  benefit  of  their  master,  having  no 
opportunity  to  profit  themselves  by  their 
own  industry.  Their  support,  therefore, 
naturally  devolves  on  the  women,  who  in 
Cochin  China  especially,  plough,  sow,  reap, 
fell  wood,  build,  and  perform  all  the  offices 
which  civilization  assigns  to  the  abler  sex. 

The  marriage  contract  is  a  mere  bargain. 
A  man  buys  his  wife  from  her  parents. 
The  first  is  usually  the  chief,  but  he  may 
have  as  many  others  as  he  chooses  to  pur- 
chase. A  simple  agreement  before  wit- 
nesses seals  the  union.  The  band  thus 
easily  formed  is  as  easily  dissolved.  In 
Cochin  China  a  pair  of  chopsticks  or  a 
porcupine  quill  is  broken  in  two  before  a 
third  persou,  and  the  divorce  is  complete. 
When  only  one  desires  a  separation  it  is 
more  difficult,  but  the  law  allows  a  man  to 
sell  his  inferior  wives. 

The  unmarried  women  of  this  region  are 
proverbially  and  almost  universally  un- 
chaste. They  may  prostitute  themselves 
without  incurring  infamy  or  losing  the 
chance  of  marriage.  A  father  may  yield 
his  daughter  to  a  visitor  whom  he  desires 
specially  to  honour,  or  he  may  hire  her  out 
for  a  period  to  a  stranger  who  may  reside 
for  a  short  time  in  his  neighbourhood. 
I  The  girl  has  no  power  to  resist  the  con- 
summation of  this  transaction,  though  she 
cannot  be  married  without  her  own  con- 
sent. 

The  wife,  however,  is  considered  sacred, 
but  rather  as  the  property  of  her  husband 
than  for  the  sake  of  virtue.  A  man's  harem 
cannot  be  invaded,  even  by  the  king  him- 
self. This,  at  least,  is  the  theory  of  the 
law ;  but  absolutism  never  respects  the 
high  principles  of  a  code  which  opposes 
its  desires.  Adultery  is  punished  in  Siam 
with  a  fine,  in  Cochin  China  with  death. 
In  Birmah,  executions  are  very  rare  among 
females.  "  The  sword,"  they  say,  "  was 
not  made  for  women."  In  all  parts  of  the 
region,  however,  the  bamboo  is  in  requisi- 
tion to  discipline  the  women;  and  husbands 


are  sometimes  seen  to  fling  their  wives 
down  in  the  open  street,  lay  them  on  their 
faces,  and  flog  them  with  a  rattan. 

It  will  thus  be  seen  that,  lying  between 
two  regions,  in  each  of  which  a  form  of 
civilization  has  been  introduced,  the  ul- 
tra-Gangetic,  or  Hindu-Chinese  nations, 
differ  from  them  both.  Since  no  unmarried 
woman  is  required  to  be  chaste,  professional 
prostitutes  do  not  form  so  large  a  class  as 
might  be  exj^ected.  They  do  exist,  however, 
and  in  considerable  numbers.  In  Siam  a 
common  prostitute  is  incapable  of  giving 
evidence  before  a  country  justice,  buc  this 
is  by  no  means  on  account  of  her  immo- 
rality. It  is  from  other  prejudices.  The 
same  disability  attaches  to  braziers  and 
blacksmiths  *. 

Of  Prostitution  in  Egypt. 

Egypt,  as  the  seat  of  a  civilization  among 
the  most  ancient  and  remarkable  that  have 
flourished  on  the  earth,  calls  for  particular 
attention.  The  inquiries  of  the  curious 
have  in  all  ages  been  directed  as  wciU  to  its 
people  as  to  its  monuments.  It  has,  indeed, 
been  the  subject  of  infinite  investigation. 
Travellers  innumerable  have  explored  its 
beautiful  valley  ;  year  after  year  adds  to 
their  number  and  countless  reports  haws 
been  made  to  us  of  the  ruins,  the  antiqui- 
ties, the  resources,  the  condition,  the 
scenery,  and  the  manners  of  Egypt.  In 
all,  consequently,  except  statistics,  our 
knowledge  is  very  considerable,  though 
the  inexhaustible  interest  of  that  cele- 
brated country  still  leaves  an  open  field 
for  the  romantic  traveller.  The  dry  hot 
climate  is  supposed  to  influence  the  cha- 
racter of  the  people.  A  remarkable  sys- 
tem of  politics  also  modifies  the  national 
features,  so  that  we  examine  our  subject, 
in  reference  to  Egypt,  with  peculiar  cu- 
riosity. 

The  population  of  Egypt  is  various, 
being  composed  of  the  four  Mohammedan 
sects,  of  the  Copts,  the  Greeks,  the  Arme- 
nians, Maronites,  and  Levantines.  The 
mass,  however,  is  formed  of  Arabs,  while 
the  general  plan  of  manners  has  originated, 
in  a  great  measm-e,  from  the  spirit  of  the 
prophets'  civil  and  religious  code.  Of  the 
system  with  respect  to  the  female  sex  this 
is  more  especially  true  ;  but  the  history  of 
manners  before  Mohammed's  age  is  too  in- 
complete  for   us   to   know   precisely   how 

*  Craufurd's  Embassy  to  Siam  ;  Craufurd's 
Embassy  to  Avar  ;  Tonikin's  Journals  and  Let- 
ters ;  Finlayson's  JMission ;  White's  Journey ; 
Latham's  Natural  History  of  the  Varieties  of 
Man. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


141 


much  was  originated,  and  how  much  was 
adopted  by  him.  Had  his  scheme  opposed 
itself  wholly  to  the  previous  habits  of  the 
East,  it  would  never  have  been  so  univer- 
sally or  so  readily  accepted.  It  is  one 
characteristic  of  Asiatic  countries  that  wo- 
men exercise  less  influence  on  manners 
than  in  Europe.  The  laws  made  by  men 
would,  in  fact,  isolate  them  within  a 
sphere  of  their  own  ;  but  agencies 
which  are  irresistible  counteract  this  ef- 
fort. The  tendency  of  social  legislation  is 
to  shut  them  out  from  a  share  in  the  go- 
vernment of  society  ;  but  the  tendency  of 
nature  is  in  the  contrary  direction. 

The  women  of  Egypt  are  naturally 
adapted  for  the  position  in  which  they  are 
placed — unless  we  suppose  that  long  disci- 
pline has  subdued  them  to  the  level  of 
their  condition.  They  display  every  at- 
traction for  Mohammedans,  with  few  of  the 
characteristics  which  fascinate  an  Eu- 
ropean. In  youth  many  of  them  are  pos- 
sessed of  every  charm — the  bosom  richly 
developed,  the  whole  form  gracefully 
rounded,  the  face  full  of  bloom,  and  the 
eyes  overflowing  with  brilliance  ;  but  all 
these  beauties  speedily  fade,  and  nowhere 
is  old  age  so  unsightly.  The  figure  ap- 
proaches maturity  at  the  ninth  or  tenth 
year,  and  at  fifteen  or  sixteen  has  reached 
the  perfection  of  the  Oriental  ideal.  With 
rare  exceptions  they  have  passed  the 
flower  of  their  lives  at  24,  and  in  this 
short-lived  loveliness  we  may  find  one 
cause  of  polygamy  and  frequent  divorce, 
among  a  people  with  whom  women  are  the 
mere  unspiritual  ministers  to  the  senses  of 
man.  The  Mohammedan  peoples  even  his 
heaven  with  feminine  creations  destined 
for  his  animal  gratification.  When,  there- 
fore, we  find  religion  itself  thus  impreg- 
nated with  a  gross  element,  we  can  only 
expect  to  find  the  female  sex  regarded  in  a 
degrading  point  of  view.  The  opinion  pre- 
vails with  some  Muslims,  that  Paradise  has 
no  place  reserved  for  women  ;  but  this  is 
by  no  means  the  universal  idea  among 
them. 

Though  by  their  tame  spirits  and  submis- 
sive humility  the  women  of  Egypt  appear 
moulded  to  suit  the  system  in  which  they 
move,  their  character  has  not,  on  the  whole, 
been  entirely  vitiated  by  the  process.  Mo- 
desty and  virtue  are  frequent  ornaments  of 
the  harem,  and  distinguish  the  sex  through- 
out the  valley.  Even  among  the  lower"  or 
labouring  orders,  though  the  maidens  may 
sometimes  be  seen  bathing  in  the  Nile,  or 
hurrying  from  hovel  to  hovel  naked,  and 
at  all  times  with  a  light  and  scanty  gar- 
ment a  demure  and  retiring  demeanour  is 


general.  Chastity  is  a  very  prevalent  vir- 
tue, except  in  the  cities,  where  a  crowded 
population  is  immersed  in  that  profligacy 
surely  bred  by  despotism.  With  respect 
to  their  modesty,  travellers  appear  to  have 
been  led  astray  by  their  prejudices.  Many 
of  them  appear  to  carry  among  the  neces- 
saries for  their  journey  an  English  measure 
of  propriety,  which  they  invariably  apply 
to  all  nations  with  which  they  come  in 
contact.  Thus  the  remark  is  commonly 
made,  that  women  in  Egypt  hide  their 
faces  in  obedience  to  habit,  but  care  not 
what  other  part  of  the  person  they  expose. 
Consequently,  it  is  inferred  they  are  devoid 
of  modesty.  But  this  by  no  means  follows. 
Custom,  which  is  one  of  the  most  powerful 
among  the  laws  which  regulate  society,  has 
taught  them  that  to  display  the  features  is 
disgraceful,  but  has  made  no  regulation  for 
more  than  that.  Unless,  therefore,  we  ac- 
cept the  doctrine  of  innate  ideas — which 
meets  a  refutation  in  every  quarter  of  the 
globe — we  must  not  cite  the  women  of 
Egypt  before  the  tribunal  of  our  own  opi- 
nions, and  condemn  them  on  that  charge. 
On  the  contrary,  we  must  confess  that  they 
are  naturally  a  virtuous  race,  though  the 
influences  of  their  government  are  suffi- 
ciently injurious.  Any,  indeed,  but  an  ex- 
cellent people  would  long  ago  have  been 
irredeemably  depraved. 

There  are,  in  Egypt,  only  two  classes  of 
females — those  whose  opulence  allows  them 
to  be  wholly  indolent,  and  whose  life  is  en- 
tirely dreamed  away  in  the  luxury  of  the 
harem ;  and  those  to  whom  poverty  gives 
freedom,  with  the  obligation  of  labour. 
To  see  the  wife  of  a  bey,  to  examine  her 
tastes,  her  conduct,  her  private  pleasures, 
and  daily  occupations,  you  have  the  beau 
ideal  of  a  voluptuous  woman  literally  cra- 
dled in  one  long  childhood,  with  all  the 
ease,  the  indulgence,  and  the  trifling  of  in- 
fancy. Enter  the  habitation  of  a  fellah  or 
artizan,  and  the  hardship  of  the  man's  lot 
is  exceeded  by  that  of  his  wife.  She  has 
to  do  all  that  he  can  do  ;  but  if  he  be  per- 
sonally kind,  her  situation  is  morally  supe- 
rior to  that  of  the  petted  toy  nursed  on  the 
cushions  of  the  harem.  The  same  weak- 
ness, however,  is  paramount  over  both. 
The  indolent  lady  satisfies  herself  with 
rich  Eastern  silks  and  shawls,  and  gem.s  of 
fine  water  ;  while  the  poor  drudge  of  the 
field  adds  to  her  toil,  and  stints  herself 
in  food,  to  purchase  decorations  for  her 
person. 

The  polygamy  which  is  practised  in 
Egypt  has,  more  than  in  many  other  coun- 
tries, tended  to  the  degradation  of  the  fe- 
male sex.     It  seems  to  be  encouraored  in 


142 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


some  degree  by  the  rigid  separation  of  the 
sexes  before  marriage.  A  man  takes  with 
less  scruple  a  wife  whom  he  has  never  seen 
when  he  knows  that  if  she  disappoint  him 
he  may  take  another.  The  law  allows  four 
wives,  with  an  unrestricted  number  of  con- 
cubines. The  Prophet,  his  companions, 
and  the  most  devout  of  his  descendants,  so 
indulged  themselves  ;  but  the  idea  is  vulgar 
which  supposes  that  Mohammed  introduced 
the  practice.  On  the  contrary,  he  found  it 
universal,  and  was  the  first  to  put  a  check 
upon  it.  Some  of  the  higher  moralists 
contend,  that  as  four  wives  are  sufficient 
for  one  man,  so  are  four  concubines  ;  but 
few  of  the  rich  men  who  can  afford  to  keep 
more  allow  themselves  to  be  influenced  by 
this  opinion. 

The  Muslim  lawgiver  was  wiser  than  the 
priestly  legislators  of  India  ;  for  he  in- 
sulted nature  with  less  peremptory  pro- 
hibitions against  the  union  of  sects.  A 
Mohammedan  may  marry  a  Jewish  or  a 
Christian  woman,  when  he  feels  excessive 
love  for  her,  or  cannot  procure  a  wife  of 
the  true  faith;  but  she  does  not  inherit  his 
property  or  impart  her  religion  to  her  off- 
spring. The  children  of  a  Jewish  woman, 
if  they  are  not  educated  to  the  Moham- 
medan, must  embrace  the  Christian  creed, 
which  is  considered  better  than  their  own. 
In  this  we  find  a  privilege  reserved  by  the 
male  sex  to  itself,  for  a  woman  of  the  Pro- 
phet's faith  dare  not  marry  an  infidel,  unless 
compelled  so  to  do  by  actual  force.  This 
has  given  rise  to  many  apostasies,  which 
form  the  subject  of  numerous  romances. 

The  degrees  of  consanguinity  within 
which  marriage  is  prohibited  are  strictly 
marked.  A  man  may  not  marry  his  mother 
or  any  other  relative  in  a  direct  ascending 
line  ;  his  daughter  or  any  descendant ;  his 
sister,  or  half-sister;  his  aunt,  his  niece, 
or  his  foster-mother.  The  Hanafee  code 
enacts  that  a  man  shall  not  take  as  his 
wife  any  woman  from  whose  breast  he 
has  received  a  single  drop  of  milk;  but 
E.  Shafgeee  allows  it  unless  he  has  been 
suckled  by  her  five  times  within  the  course 
of  the  first  two  years.  Nature,  in  this  re- 
spect, is  the  principal  guardian  of  the 
law,  for  as  women  in  Egypt  age  very 
quickly,  the  men  endeavour  to  obtain 
more  youthful  brides.  A  man  may  not 
marry  the  mother,  or  daughter  of  his  wife, 
or  his  father's  or  his  son's  wife ;  his  wives 
must  not  be  sisters,  or  his  own  unemanci- 
pated  slaves — if  he  already  have  a  free 
wife.  Those  women  whom  the  Muslim  is 
forbidden  to  marry  it  is  lawful  for  him  to 
see,  but  no  others  except  his  own  wives  or 
female  servants. 


The  marriage  engagement  is  merely  a 
civil  transaction.  The  man  and  woman 
having  declared  in  the  presence  of  two 
witnesses  their  mutual  willingness,  and 
part  of  the  dowry  being  paid,  their  union 
is  legal.  The  bride  usually  signifies  her 
consent  through  a  deputy.  If,  however, 
she  be  under  the  age  of  puberty,  her 
assent  is  not  necessary,  and  she  is  in  the 
hands  of  her  friends.  A  boy  may  also  be 
thus  disposed  of ;  but  he  may  divorce  his 
wife  if  he  be  not  contented  with  her. 
Usually,  if  rich,  he  neglects  the  first,  and 
takes  a  second  by  way  of  solace  after  his 
disappointment. 

In  one  feature  of  its  manners,  modem 
Egypt  resembles  the  States  of  ancient 
Greece.  The  character  of  a  bachelor  is 
ridiculous,  if  not  disreputable.  As  soon  as 
a  youth  has  attained  a  proper  age,  with 
sufficient  means,  his  friends  advise  him  to 
marry.  His  mother,  or  a  professional 
match-maker,  is  usually  left  to  choose  the 
bride.  When  a  girl  has  been  fixed  upon 
with  his  approval,  some  one  goes  to  her 
father  to  effect  an  arrangement.  The 
price  is  fixed,  with  the  amount  of  dowry, 
and  the  future  ceremonials  depend  on  the 
resources  of  the  two  families.  Sometimes 
a  profusion  of  rites  is  insisted  upon ;  some- 
times the  simplest  agreement  is  all  that  is 
required,  for  the  law  exacts  nothing  but 
the  plain  convention  we  have  before  de- 
scribed. The  giving  of  a  dowry  is,  how- 
ever, indispensable.  With  all  who  can 
afford  it,  also,  the  sanction  of  religion  and 
the  witness  of  the  law  add  solemnity  to 
the  occasion.  The  rich  choose  it  as  an 
opportunity  to  display  the  pride  of  wealth, 
and  the  poor  to  indulge  in  a  little  show, 
with  that  idleness  which  is  so  essential  to 
the  happiness  of  most  Asiatics. 

The  condition  of  wives  in  Egypt  has 
been  much  misrepresented  by  some  popu- 
lar writers,  to  whom  the  imprisonment  and 
slavery  of  women  offer  a  fertile  theme  for 
declamation.  The  word  harem,  or  harim, 
indeed,  meaning  sacred  ov prohibited,  applies 
to  the  women  as  well  as  to  the  apartments 
in  which  they  dwell;  but  considerable 
liberty  is  allowed  them.  Those  of  the 
upper  classes  are  secluded,  and  go  veiled 
in  the  streets.  They  are  seldom  seen  on 
foot  in  public,  and  their  costume  is  indi- 
cative of  this  detail  in  their  manners. 
Though,  however,  they  have  a  suite  of 
apartments  assigned  to  them,  they  are  not 
prisoners.  A  few  Turks,  jealous  to  exag- 
geration, may  immure  the  inmates  of  the 
harem,  and  shut  them  altogether  from 
contact  with  the  world;  but,  generally, 
they  are  allowed  to  go  out,  pay  visits,  and 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


143 


control  the  household.  The  theory  of  the 
Muslims  is  more  rigid  than  their  practice, 
which,  were  it  consistent  in  all  its  features, 
would  swathe  the  female  sex  with  conven- 
tion, as  the  ancient  inhabitants  used  to 
swathe  their  mummies — until  the  form  of 
humanity  is  lost  amid  the  very  devices 
which  seek  to  preserve  it.  To  such  an  extra- 
vagant height  do  some  of  them  carry  their 
ideas  of  the  sanctity  of  the  female  sex,  that 
their  tombs  are  closed  against  strangers, 
while  others  will  not  permit  a  man  and  a 
woman  to  be  buried  in  the  same  grave. 
Generally,  however,  husbands  do  not  object 
to  their  wives  mingling  with  the  public 
throng  so  as  they  religiously  veil  their 
faces.  The  lower  orders  are,  of  course,  the 
least  restrained.  Those  of  the  wealthiest 
and  proudest  men  are  most  strictly  se- 
cluded ;  but  the  interchange  of  visits 
between  the  harems  is  constant.  With 
this  degree  of  freedom  the  Egyptian 
women  are  content.  Time  has  trained 
them  to  their  situation,  until  a  relaxation 
in  their  discipline  is  viewed  less  as  an 
indulgence  than  a  right.  The  wife  who 
is  allowed  too  much  liberty  imagines  she 
is  neglected,  and,  if  others  are  more  nar- 
rowly watched,  is  jealous  of  the  superior 
solicitude  bestowed  on  them.  Among 
the  rich  the  harem  supplies  all  the  de- 
lights of  life.  Rose-water,  perfumes,  sher- 
bet, coffee,  and  sweatmeats,  constitute  the 
supreme  joys  of  existence,  with  precious 
silks,  muslins,  and  jewels.  Among  the 
poor,  though  reduced  to  beasts  of  burden, 
their  buoyant  hearts  are  not  depressed 
under  the  load,  and  they  sing  from  in- 
fancy to  old  age.  Nevertheless  their  lives 
are  full  of  misery,  but  it  is  the  misery  of 
a  class,  not  only  of  one  sex. 

The  Muslim  woman  is  jproud  of  her 
husband,  and  fond  of  her  children.  Ex- 
ceptions undoubtedly  occur,  in  which  the 
warmth  of  the  Oriental  temperament  takes 
the  form  of  refined  and  spiritual  love  ;  but 
these  are  rare.  In  their  offspring  they  find 
the  chief  resource  of  their  lives.  They 
may  become  mothers  at  twelve  years  of 
age,  and  at  fifteen  commonly  do  so.  They 
give  proof  of  astonishing  fecundity,  bear- 
ing numbers  of  children,  though  ceasing 
at  an  earlier  period  than  among  Euro- 
peans. That  is  the  critical  occasion  of 
their  lives,  but  they  who  pass  it  safely 
often  survive  to  an  extreme  old  age.  The 
manners  of  the  country  render  it  necessary 
that  midwives  only  should  attend  at  the 
accouchement,  which  is  usually  easy.  When 
a  physician  is  called  in,  he  must  feel  his 
patient's  pulse  through  the  sleeve  of  her 
garment,  while  her  face  is  almost  invari- 


ably wrapped  in  a  veil.  The  utmost  kind- 
ness, even  in  the  indulgence  of  their  most 
trifling  whims,  is  shown  to  pregnant  women. 
The  absence  of  that  sentiment  which,  ac- 
cording to  English  notions,  should  attach 
a  wife  to  her  husband,  is  made  up  by  the 
stronger  bond  which  binds  a  mother  to  her 
child.  Upon  this  all  the  wealth  of  her  affec- 
tion is  bestowed,  and  in  that  precious  charge 
all  her  soul  is  centred.  This  feeling — the 
most  pure  and  true  of  any  that  grow  in 
the  human  breast — stands  to  the  woman  of 
Egypt  in  place  of  every  other.  A  prover- 
bial saying  expresses  the  national  philo- 
sophy upon  this  subject :  "  A  husband  is 
a  husband ;  if  one  is  lost  another  is  to  be 
got ;  but  who  can  give  me  back  my  child  ?" 
To  be  childless  is  regarded  as  a  signal  mis- 
fortune, and  with  those  who  happen  to  be 
barren  many  devices  are  employed  to  re- 
move the  curse.  Among  these,  one  of  the 
most  curious  is — to  wash  the  skin  with 
the  blood  of  an  executed  criminal.  Her 
fecundity,  with  her  parental  care,  might 
be  expected  to  prove  itself  by  a  flourishing 
population;  but  the  blind  rapacity  and 
profligate  contempt  of  human  life  exhi- 
bited by  the  tyrants  who,  in  succession, 
have  ruled  Egypt,  have  been  more  than 
enough  to  neutralise  the  liberality  of 
nature. 

The  Mohammedan  is  essentially  an  Epi- 
curean. In  him  the  object  of  nature  appears 
perverted.  Instead  of  the  animal  being 
made  subservient  to  the  intellectual  man, 
the  mind  is  devoted  to  gratifying  the  sense. 
His  life  is  divided  between  praying,  bath- 
ing, smoking,  lounging,  drinking  coffee, 
and  the  gratification  of  the  various  appe- 
tites. Voluptuary  as  he  is,  therefore,  the 
opulent  Egyptian  does  not  rest  content 
with  the  four  wives  allowed  him  by  the 
law.  He  takes  as  many  concubines  as  he 
can  afford.  They  are  all  slaves,  and  are 
absolutely  at  the  disposal  of  their  master, 
who  may  handle,  whip,  or  punish  them 
otherwise  as  he  pleases,  and  incurs  very 
slight  danger  by  killing  one  of  them.  The 
same  regulations  as  to  blood  aflSnity  apply 
to  them  as  to  free  women.  A  man  when 
he  takes  a  female  slave  must  wait  three 
months  before  he  can  make  her  his  con- 
cubine. If  she  bear  him  a  child  which  he 
acknowledges  to  be  his  own,  it  is  free. 
Otherwise  it  is  the  inheritor  of  its  mother's 
bonds.  She  herself  cannot  afterwards  be 
sold  or  given  away,  but  is  entitled  to  eman- 
cipation on  the  death  of  her  lord.  He  is 
not,  however,  obliged  to  free  her  at  once, 
though,  if  he  have  not  already  four  wives, 
it  is  considered  honourable  to  do  so.  A 
wife  sometimes  brings  to  the  establishment 


144 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


a  few  handmaidens.  Over  these  she  has 
control,  and  need  not,  unless  she  pleases, 
allow  them  to  appear  unveiled  in  their 
master's  presence ;  but  occasionally  we  find 
a  wife  presenting  her  husband  with  a  beau- 
tiful slave  damsel,  as  Sarah  presented  her 
bondwoman  Hagar  to  Abraham.  Rich 
men  often  purchase  handsome  white  girls. 
Those  of  the  humbler  class  are  usually 
brown  Abyssinians,  for  the  blacks  are 
generally  employed  in  menial  offices. 
Neither  the  concubine  nor  the  wife  is 
permitted  to  eat  with  the  lord  of  the 
house.  On  the  contrary,  they  are  required 
to  wait  on  him,  and  frequently,  but  not 
always,  to  serve  as  domestics.  In  conse- 
quence of  this  system,  a  great  gulf  lies 
between  man  and  wife.  His  presence  is 
viewed  as  a  restraint  in  the  harem,  which, 
from  all  we  can  learn,  is  mostly  lively  and 
loquacious.  Nor  is  this  surprising,  Avhen 
we  consider  that  the  harems  of  aged  men 
are  so  frequently  filled  with  young  girls 
in  the  fresh  bloom  of  life,  who  can  never 
learn  to  be  fond  of  their  husbands.  The 
Egyptian  proverb  in  reference  to  this  is 
peculiarly  apt.  It  describes  an  ugly  old 
Turk  with  some  beautiful  youthful  wives  as 
"A  paradise  in  Avhich  hogs  feed."  Ibrahim 
Pasha  introduced  into  his  private  apart- 
ments the  amusement  of  billiards,  which 
at  once  became  a  favourite  recreation. 

Though  polygamy  is  not  only  licensed 
but  esteemed,  and  concubinage  unlimited, 
few  Egyptians  have  more  than  one  wife, 
or  one  female  slave.  Not  more,  indeed, 
than  one  in  twenty,  it  is  said,  indulge  in 
this  kind  of  pluralism,  and  it  is  probable 
that  concubinage  might  be  almost  altoge- 
ther abolished  by  the  suppression  of  the 
slave  trade.  At  present  the  markets  are 
continually  supplied  with  girls  kidnapped 
in  various  countries,  and  these  are  some- 
times stripped  and  exposed  naked  to  the 
purchaser's  inspection. 

Satisfied  as  he  generally  is  with  one 
wife,  the  Egyptian  Mohammedan  is  not 
by  any  means  remarkable  for  continence. 
He  may  content  himself  with  a  single 
woman,  but  he  may  change  her  as  often 
as  he  pleases,  a  privilege  which  is  contin- 
ually abused.  The  facility  of  divorce  has 
had  a  most  demoralising  effect  upon  Egyp- 
tian manners. 

A  man  may  twice  put  away  his  wife 
and  take  her  back  without  ceremony.  If, 
however,  he  divorces  her  a  third  time,  or 
deliberately  unites  in  one  act  the  effect  of 
three,  he  cannot  take  her  again  until  she 
has  been  married  and  divorced  by  another 
husband.  The  manner  of  divorce  is  suf- 
ficiently simple.      The  husband    says,    "I 


divorce  thee,"  and  returns  his  wife  about 
one-third  of  the  dowry,  with  the  effects 
which  she  brought  at  her  marriage.  He 
may  do  this  through  sheer  caprice,  without 
assigning  or  proving  any  reason ;  but  when 
a  woman  desires  to  put  away  her  husband, 
she  must  show  herself  to  have  suffered 
serious  ill-treatment  or  neglect,  lose  the 
share  of  her  dowry,  and  often  go  into  a 
court  of  justice  to  prove  her  claim.  AVith 
the  man  this  is  never  required,  as  is  indi- 
cated by  the  common  proverb  :  "If  my 
husband  consents,  why  should  the  Kadi's 
consent  be  necessary?  " 

A  widow  must  wait  three  months,  and 
a  divorced  woman  three  months  and  ten 
days,  or,  if  pregnant,  until  delivery,  before 
marrying  again.  The  latter,  in  this  case, 
must  also  Avait  an  additional  forty  days 
before  she  can  receive  her  new  husband. 
Meanwhile  her  former  proprietor  must 
support  her,  either  in  his  own  house  or  in 
that  of  her  parents.  If  he  divorce  her 
before  the  actual  consummation  of  the 
marriage,  he  must  provide  for  her  more 
liberally.  In  case,  however,  of  a  wife 
being  rebellious,  and  refusing  to  recognise 
the  lawful  authority  of  her  husband,  he 
may  prove  her  to  have  ofiended,  before  a 
Kadi,  and  procure  a  certificate  exempting 
him  from  the  obligation  to  clothe,  lodge, 
or  maintain  her.  Thus  she  is  desolate 
and  without  resource,  for  she  dare  not  go 
to  another  home;  but  if  she  formally  pro- 
mise to  be  obedient  in  future,  her  husband 
must  support  or  divorce  her.  When  a  wife 
desires  to  be  freed  from  any  man's  restraint 
and  is  unable  to  dissolve  the  union  alto- 
gether, she  may  make  a  complaint  and 
obtain  a  licence  to  go  to  her  father's 
house.  In  that  case  he,  through  sheer 
spite,  generally  persists  in  refusing  to 
divorce  her.  Sometimes  a  man  with  a 
disagreeable  mother-in-law  quartered  upon 
him,  puts  away  his  wife  in  order  to  be  rid 
of  both. 

The  slightness  of  the  marriage  tie,  and 
the  case  with  which  it  may  be  severed, 
leads,  as  we  have  said,  to  a  profligate  abuse 
of  the  power  thus  assumed  by  the  male 
sex.  Numbers  of  men  have,  in  the  course 
of  their  lives,  10,  20,  30,  or  even  40  Avives. 
Women,  also,  have  as  many  as  a  dozen 
partners  in  succession.  Some  profligates 
have  been  known  to  marry  a  Avoman  almost 
every  month.  A  man  Avithout  property 
may  pick  up  a  handsome  young  widow,  or 
divorced  woman,  for  about  IO5.,  which  he 
pays  as  doAvry.  He  lives  Avith  her  a  fcAv 
days  or  Aveeks,  and  then  divorces  her  with 
the  payment  of  about  20.s'.,  to  support  her 
in  the  interval  during  Avhich  she  is  prohi- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


145 


bited  from  marrying  again.  Such  conduct, 
however,  is  regarded  as  disreputable,  so 
that  few  respectable  families  will  trust  a 
girl  with  any  man  who  has  put  away  many 
wives.  The  crime  of  adultery  is  laid  down 
by  the  law  as  worthy  of  severe  punishment. 
Four  eye-witnesses,  however,  are  necessary 
to  prove  the  fact,  and  the  woman  may  then 
be  stoned  to  death.  From  the  secluded 
nature  of  their  lives,  and  from  the  nature 
of  the  offence  itself,  it  is  rarely  that  such 
testimony  is  to  be  had.  Cases,  therefore, 
scarcely  ever  occur  before  the  public 
courts.  Heavy  and  ignominious  penalties 
are  denounced  against  witnesses  who  make 
these  charges  and  fail  in  the  proof.  Un- 
married persons  convicted  of  fornication 
may  be  punished  by  the  infliction  of  one 
hundred  stripes,  and,  under  the  law  ac- 
knowledged by  the  Sumrh  sect,  may  be 
banished  for  a  whole  year. 

Egypt  has  in  all  times  been  famous  for 
its  public  dancing  girls,  who  were  all  pros- 
titutes. The  superior  classes  of  them 
formed  a  separate  tribe  or  collection  of 
tribes,  known  as  the  Ghawazee.  A  female 
of  this  community  is  called  Ghazeeyeh, 
and  a  man  Ghazee.  The  common  dancing 
girls  of  the  country  are  often  erroneously 
confounded  with  the  Almeh — Awalim  in 
the  singular — who  are  properly  female 
singers ;  though,  Avhatever  some  authorita- 
tive writers  may  assert,  they  certainly 
practise  dancing,  as  well  as  prostitution, 
especially  since  the  exile  of  the  Ghawazee. 
They  perform  at  private  entertainments, 
and  are  sometimes  munificently  rewarded. 
The  Ghawazee,  on  the  other  hand,  were 
accustomed  to  put  aside  their  veils  and 
display  their  licentious  movements  in 
public,  before  the  lowest  audience.  The 
evolutions  with  which  they  were  accus- 
tomed to  amuse  their  patrons  were  com- 
monly the  reverse  of  elegant.  Commencing 
with  decency  enough,  they  soon  degene- 
rated into  obscenity,  the  women  contorting 
their  bodies  into  the  most  libidinous  pos- 
tures. The  dress  was  graceful,  but  exposed 
a  large  portion  of  the  bosom,  and  was  fre- 
quently half  thrown  aside.  The  Ghawazee 
sometimes  performed  in  the  court  of  a 
house  or  in  the  open  street ;  but  were  not 
admitted  into  the  harems  of  respectable 
families.  A  party  of  men  often  met  in 
a  house,  and  sent  for  the  dancers  to  amuse 
them.  Their  performances,  on  such  occa- 
sions, were  more  than  usually  licentious, 
and  their  dresses  less  decent.  A  chemise 
of  transparent  texture,  which  scarcely  hid 
the  skin,  and  a  pair  of  full  trousers,  was 
frequently  all  that  covered  them.  Drink- 
ing copious  draughts  of  brandy  or  some 


other  intoxicating  liquor,  they  soon  laid 
aside  even  the  affectation  of  modesty,  and 
scenes  took  place  like  those  with  which 
the  priests  defiled  the  temples  of  India. 
Many  of  the  women  who  thus  degrade 
themselves  are  exceedingly  beautiful.  As 
a  class,  indeed,  they  are  described  as  the 
handsomest  in  Egypt.  They  are  distin- 
guished, by  the  peculiar  caste  of  their 
countenances,  from  all  other  females  in 
the  country,  and  there  can  be  little  doubt 
that  they  spring  from  a  distinct  race. 
They  boast  themselves  of  the  Barmecide 
descent,  but  this  is  impossible  to  be  proved. 
It  has  been  conjectured  that  they  are  the 
lineal,  as  well  as  the  professional  descend- 
ants of  those  licentious  dancers  who 
exhibited  naked — as  these  sometimes  do — 
before  the  Egyptians  in  the  age  of  the 
Pharaohs.  Some  imagine  that  the  dancers 
of  Gade,  or  Cadiz,  ridiculed  by  Juvenal, 
were  the  prototypes  of  the  modern  Gha- 
wazee ;  but  it  has  been  supposed,  with 
more  reason,  that  the  Phoenicians  intro- 
duced the  practice  thither  from  the  East, 
where  profligacy  flourished  at  the  earliest 
period. 

It  has  been  the  pride  of  the  Ghawazee 
tribes  to  preserve  themselves  distinct 
from  all  other  classes  of  the  population, 
to  intermarry,  and  thus  to  perpetuate 
their  blood  unmingled.  A  few  have  re- 
pented their  mode  of  life,  and  married 
respectable  Arabs ;  but  this  has  not  often 
occurred.  They  never  among  themselves 
took  a  husband  until  they  had  entered  on  a 
course  of  prostitution.  To  this  venal  call- 
ing they  were  all  trained  from  childhood, 
though  all  were  not  taught  to  dance.  In 
this  community  of  harlots,  it  is  singular  to 
find  that  the  husband  was  inferior  to  the 
wife ;  indeed  he  was  subject  to  her,  per- 
forming the  double  office  of  servant  and 
procurer.  If  she  was  a  dancer  he  was 
generally  her  musician,  and  sat  by  quietly 
tinkling  upon  a  stringed  instrument,  while 
she,  his  wife,  exposed  her  person  in  the 
most  indecent  attitudes,  and  b}''  every 
voluptuous  artifice  endeavoured  to  seduce 
the  spectator.  Profligacy  never  assumed 
a  more  infamous  form  than  that  of  the 
husband  assisting  at  the  daily  adultery  of 
his  wife.  Some  of  the  men  earned  a  liveli- 
hood as  blacksmiths  or  tinkers.  Many  of 
them,  however,  were  rich,  and  the  women, 
especially,  were  possessed  of  costly  dresses 
and  ornaments. 

The  Ghawazee  generally  followed  the 
kind  of  life  led  by  our  gipsies,  whom  some, 
indeed,  have  traced  to  an  Egyptian  origin. 
Many,  but  not  all,  of  the  wanderers  of  this 
nation  in  the  Valley  of  the  Nile,  ascribe 


146 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


to  themselves  a  descent  from  a  branch  of 
the  same  family  from  which  the  Ghawazee 
claim  to  have  sprung ;  but  both  traditions 
rest  on  doubtful  testimony.  The  ordinary 
language  of  the  Ghawazee  is  similar  to 
that  in  use  among  the  rest  of  the  Egyptian 
population;  but  like  all  other  unsettled, 
Avandering  tribes,  they  have  a  peculiar 
dialect,  a  species  of  slang,  only  intelligible 
to  themselves.  Most  of  them  profess  the 
Mohammedan  faith,  and  they  were  accus- 
tomed to  follow  in  crowds  the  pilgrim 
caravans  to  the  sacred  shrine  at  Mecca. 

Every  considerable  town  in  Egypt  for- 
merly harboured  a  large  body  of  the  Gha- 
wazee, who  occupied  a  distinct  quarter, 
allotted  entirely  to  prostitutes  and  their 
companions.  Low  huts,  temporary  sheds, 
or  tents,  formed  their  usual  habitations, 
since  they  were  in  the  habit  of  frequently 
transplanting  themselves  from  one  district 
to  another.  Others,  however,  occupied  and 
furnished  handsome  houses,  trading  also  in 
camels,  asses,  and  grain ;  possessing  nume- 
rous female  slaves,  upon  whose  prostitu- 
tion they  also  realized  much  profit.  They 
crowded  the  camps  and  attended  the  great 
religious  festivals,  and  on  these  occasions 
the  Ghawazee  tents  were  always  conspicu- 
ous. Some  joined  the  accomplishment  of 
singing  Avith  that  of  the  dance. 

The  inferior  Ghawazee  women  resembled 
in  their  attire  the  common  prostitutes  of 
other  classes,  which  also  swarmed  in  Egypt. 
Many  of  these  also,  who  were  not  Ghawa- 
zees,  took  the  name,  in  order  to  increase 
the  gains  of  their  calling. 

The  system  of  marriage,  to  which  we 
have  slightly  alluded,  is  v/orthy  of  more 
particular  notice.  The  man  vv^ho  married 
a  Ghazeeyeh  was  a  low  and  despised  crea- 
ture. The  saying  is  proverbial  in  Egypt, 
that  "the  husband  of  a  harlot  is  a  base 
wretch  by  his  own  testimony."  The  law 
among  the  Ghawazee  was,  that  a  girl  as 
soon  as  marriageable  must  prostitute  her- 
self to  a  stranger  and  then  take  a  husband. 
He  is  constantly  employed  in  looking  for 
persons  to  bring  to  her,  himself  cohabiting 
with  her  only  by  stealth,  for  she  would  be 
exposed  to  shame  and  made  the  object  of 
ridicule  were  it  known  that  she  had  ad- 
mitted her  own  husband  to  her  embraces. 
Polygamy  is  unknown  among  the  Ghawa- 
zee. In  that  community,  indeed,  as  it 
existed  previously  to  the  edict  of  1835,  we 
find  a  system  exactly  the  reverse  of  that  in 
the  midst  of  which  it  existed.  The  birth 
of  a  male  child  was  looked  upon  as  a  mis- 
fortune, since  he  was  of  no  value  to  the  tribe. 
Women,  on  the  contrary,  were  precious, 
because  they  were  sought  after  by  nearly 


'  the  Avhole  male  population  of  Egypt.  The 
Ghazeeyeh  made  it  a  rule  never  to  refuse 
the  offer  of  a  person  who  could  pay  any- 
thing. The  fashionable  dancer,  therefoi*e, 
at  country  fairs,  though  glittering  with 
golden  ornaments,  and  arrayed  in  all  the 
beauties  of  the  eastern  loom,  would  admit 
the  visit  of  any  rough  and  ragged  peasant 
for  a  sum  not  exceeding  twopence.  In  this 
manner,  by  seizing  whatever  Avas  offered  to 
them,  they  often  accumulated  Avealth, 
dressed  in  superb  attire,  rich  embroidery 
of  gold,  with  chains  of  golden  coins,  and 
solid  bracelets  of  the  same  costly  metal. 
In  many  instances,  when  the  Ghazeeyeh 
had  lost  or  divorced  her  former  husband, 
and  become  opulent  upon  the  profits  of 
her  venal  calling,  she  married  some  village 
Sheikh,  who  was  proud  of  his  acquisition. 
A  virgin  Ghazeeyeh  was  never  induced  to 
forsake  her  hereditary  profession ;  but 
when  she  formed  such  an  alliance,  she 
made  a  solemn  vow  on  the  tomb  of  some 
saint,  to  be  true  to  her  new  partner,  sacri- 
ficed a  sheep,  and  was  generally  faithful  to 
her  sacred  engagement. 

It  was  not  only  in  the  more  populous 
cities  and  districts  of  Lower  Egypt  that 
the  Ghawazee  pursued  their  double  call- 
ing of  dancer  and  prostitute.  Those  in 
the  Upper  country  were  equally  addicted 
to  that  immoral  calling,  and  Avere,  in  pro- 
portion, equally  encouraged.  Even  in  the 
small  villages  a  company  of  them  was 
usually  to  be  found,  glittering  in  finery  of 
gaudy  colours,  unveiled,  and  clothed  only 
in  those  light  transparent  garments  in 
which  the  members  of  the  same  sisterhood 
are  represented  on  the  monuments — a  loose 
chemise  of  gauze,  a  scarf  negligently  hung 
about  the  loins,  and  loose  trousers  of  the 
most  delicate  texture.  Their  dances  Avere 
exhibitions  of  unrestrained  indecency, — 
attitude,  look,  and  movement  being  equally 
lascivious.  They  also  sang  and  played 
on  the  viol,  lute,  tambour,  lyre,  or  Casta- 
net. The  common  prostitutes  of  the 
meaner  class  excelled  them,  at  least  in 
the  affectation  of  modesty.  Many  of  the 
GhaAvazee,  hoAvever,  appear  sensible  of  the 
degradation  to  which  they  are  consigned. 

The  dance  of  the  Ghawazee  Avas,  to  the 
Egyptians,  what  an  opera  ballet  is  in  Eng- 
gland — the  representation  of  some  episode, 
generally  of  love.  Formerly  there  was, 
near  Cairo,  a  little  village  called  Shaarah, 
the  Eleusis  of  modern  Egypt,  Avhere  the 
mystical  rites  of  Athor  were,  until  re- 
cently, celebrated.  It  was  a  collection  of 
small  mud  huts,  distinguished  from  those 
of  the  common  people  by  superior  cleanli- 
ness and  comfort.     Numbers  of  the  GhaAva- 


\ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


U\ 


zee  dwelt  here,  and  when  Mr.  J.  A.  St, 
John  visited  their  abode,  came  out  to 
meet  him,  dressed  in  elegant  attire,  with 
a  profusion  of  ornaments.  All  were  young- 
— none  were  more  than  twenty,  many  not 
more  than  ten  years  of  age.  Some  were 
exceedingly  handsome,  while  others,  to  an 
European  judge,  appeared  quite  the  reverse. 
In  this  village  lived  a  considerable  number 
of  the  Ghawazee.  The  greater  part  of  their 
lives  was  passed  in  the  coffee-house,  where 
they  lounged  all  day  on  cushions,  sipping 
coffee,  singing,  and  indulging  in  licentious 
conversation.  In  the  great  room  a  hundred 
might  assemble,  and  here  they  were  visited 
by  the  profligates  of  Cairo,  to  whom  the 
village  of  Shaarah  was  a  regular  place  of 
resort.  In  the  towns  they  frequented  the 
common  coffee-houses,  and  in  the  smaller 
hamlets  up  the  valley,  they  wandered  all  day 
among  the  dwellings,  or  reclined  on  benches 
in  the  open  air  until  a  boat  with  travel- 
lers appeared  on  the  Nile,  Vv^hen  they  im- 
mediately hurried  down  to  the  shore  and 
commenced  their  lascivious  songs.  The 
Arabs  have  the  reputation  of  being  ex- 
tremely profligate,  and  when  on  their 
journeys  never  visited  a  city  or  village 
without  paying  a  visit  to  the  Ghawazee 
quarter.  Indeed,  the  manners  of  the  popu- 
lation have  been  debased  under  every 
vicious  influence.  A  despotic  government, 
an  epicurean  religion,  and  the  spirit  of 
indolence  thus  engendered,  have  encou- 
raged among  the  men  every  species  of 
crime  against  nature.  The  corruption 
which  brought  a  curse  on  the  Cities  of  the 
Plain  is  emulated  in  the  cities  of  Egypt. 

When  Burckhardt  wrote,  about  1830,  the 
number  of  males  and  females  of  the  Gha- 
wazee nation  in  Egypt  was  estimated  at 
from  6000  to  8000.  Their  principal  settle- 
ments were  in  the  towns  of  the  Delta  in 
Lower  Egypt,  and,  in  the  Upper  country,  at 
Kenneh,  where  a  colony  of  at  least  300 
generally  resided.  The  scattered  companies 
generally  formed  a  great  concourse  at 
Tanta,  in  the  Delta,  at  the  three  annual 
festivals,  when  a  vast  multitude  was  col- 
lected from  all  parts  of  the  valley.  Six 
hundred  Ghawazee  have  on  such  occasions 
pitched  their  tents  near  the  town.  During 
the  reign  of  the  Memlooks,  the  influence 
of  these  women  was,  in  the  open  country, 
very  considerable.  Many  respectable  per- 
sons courted  their  favour.  They  were 
accustomed  to  dwell  in  the  towns  until 
the  brutality  of  the  soldiers — who  some- 
times killed  one  in  a  fit  of  jealousy — drove 
them  into  the  rural  parts.  At  each  of 
their  chief  places  of  sojourn  one  was  in- 
vested with  the  title  of  Emir,  or  chief  of 


the  settlement.  She  was  entitled  to  no 
authority  over  the  rest,  yet  exercised  much 
influence  by  virtue  of  her  dignity.  in 
Cairo  itself  their  number  was  small,  and 
they  inhabited  a  spacious  Khan,  or  hotel, 
overlooked  by  the  castle.  "  In  a  city,"  says 
Burckhardt,  "  where  among  women  of  every 
rank  chastity  is  so  rare  as  at  Cairo,  it  could 
not  be  expected  that  public  prostitution 
should  thrive."  This  is  a  harsh  judgment 
on  the  character  of  the  Caireen  females, 
and,  according  to  the  accounts  of  most 
travellers,  it  is  unjust. 

Before  Mohammed  Ali,  instigated  by  the 
priests,  made  his  awkward  crusade  against 
the  Ghawazee  tribes,  the  public  prostitutes 
were  put  under  the  jurisdiction  of  a  magis- 
trate— an  aga,  or  captain  of  the  dancing 
girls.  He  kept  a  list  of  them,  and  exacted 
from  each  a  sum  of  money  by  way  of  tax. 
He  also  acted  as  a  censor  on  the  general 
morality  of  the  people.  One  of  these  agas 
took  upon  himself  an  extension  of  his  ju- 
risdiction, and  whenever  he  found  a  Avoman, 
no  matter  of  what  class,  who  had  been 
guilty  of  a  single  act  of  incontinence,  he 
added  her  name  to  the  list  of  common  pros- 
titutes, and  extorted  the  tax  from  her, 
unless  she  could  offer  him  a  sufficient 
bribe,  and  thus  escape  the  infamy.  Nor 
was  this  all.  To  gratify  private  revenge, 
he  sometimes  inserted  in  his  list  the  names 
of  respectable  ladies  ;  but  was  at  length 
detected  and  punished  with  death.  Wiien- 
ever  a  party  of  Ghawazee  was  engaged, 
they  had  to  pay  to  their  chief  a  sum  of 
money  and  procure  his  permission  to  dance. 
This  practice  was  pursued  by  persons  who 
farmed  the  tax,  until  Mohammed  Ali  was 
smitten  by  a  sudden  reverence  for  morals, 
and  made  an  attempt,  characteristic  of  his 
vulgar  genius,  to  abolish  the  profligacy  of 
Egypt.  In  June,  1834,  a  law  was  pub- 
lished compelling  the  Ghawazee  throughout 
the  country  to  retire  from  their  profession. 
It  is  said  that  the  Moolahs,  or  Muslim 
bishops,  objected  to  them,  not  on  account 
of  the  impurities  they  practised,  but  be- 
cause it  was  a  scandal  that  women  belong- 
ing to  the  race  of  true  believers  should 
expose  their  faces  to  infidels  for  hire.  An 
agitation  was  raised  on  the  subject ;  a 
storm  of  sacerdotal  rage  assailed  the  pa- 
lace ;  and  the  viceroy,  priest-ridden,  ba- 
nished all  the  dancers  to  Esneh,  500  miles 
up  the  Nile,  There  they  were  herded  toge- 
ther, with  a  small  stipend  from  govern- 
ment to  keep  them  from  starvation.  The 
effect  of  this  truly  barbarian  device  was 
just  what  might  have  been  expected.  The 
profligacy,  which  had  been  chiefly  confined 
to  them,  broke  out  in  other   classes,   and 


L2 


148 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


demoralization  advanced  several  steps  fur- 
ther. It  is  said  that  the  Moolahs  repent 
their  policy,  since  some  additional  burdens 
have  been  laid  on  them  to  make  up  for  the 
loss  of  revenue. 

Under  the  old  system,  when  all  the 
known  prostitutes  paid  a  tax,  the  amount 
contributed  by  those  of  Cairo  alone  was 
800  purses,  or  4000/^.,  which  was  a  tenth 
of  the  income-tax  on  the  whole  popu- 
lation. This  will  suggest  an  idea  of  the 
numbers  in  which  they  existed.  The 
Ghawazee  formed  the  chief  element  in  this 
system  of  prostitution,  and  Mohammed  Ali 
imagined  that  with  one  stroke  of  the  pen 
he  could  obliterate  this  blot  on  the  social 
aspect  of  Egypt — he  who  had  so  worn  him- 
self out  with  licentious  pleasures  that  his 
physicians  had  to  persuade  him  to  disband 
an  army  of  concubines  which  he  had  kept 
at  the  expense  of  his  miserable  people.  At 
once  prostitution  was  denounced  as  a  crime. 
The  Ghazeeyeh  daring  to  infringe  the  new 
law  was  condemned  to  fifty  stripes  for  the 
first,  and  imprisonment  with  severe  labour 
for  the  second,  oifence.  The  punishments  of 
these  and  of  all  other  women  were  illegal, 
according  to  the  code  of  the  Prophet.  It 
has,  however,  been  a  blessing  to  the  Mo- 
hammedan population  of  the  East  that 
their  great  lawgiver  left  his  frame  of  legis- 
lation, for,  invested  with  the  authority  of 
religion,  it  has  been  some  check  on  the 
caprice  of  tyrants. 

The  men,  also,  who  were  detected  encou- 
raging the  Ghawazee  v/ere  made  liable  to 
the  punishment  of  the  bastinado.  Legal 
enactments,  however,  cannot  purify  the 
morals  of  a  whole  community.  Prostitu- 
tion was  abolished  by  law,  but  remained 
in  practice  as  flagrant  as  ever.  The  Egyp- 
tians borrowed  a  device  from  the  Persians. 
When  a  man  desires  to  have  intercourse 
with  a  woman  of  the  prostitute  class,  he 
marries  her  in  the  evening  and  divorces 
her  in  the  morning.  The  dowry  he  pays 
her  is  no  more  than  she  would  receive  were 
this  transaction  not  to  take  place.  She 
dare  not  apply  for  the  usual  stipend  to 
maintain  her  afterwards.  Even  these  con- 
nections are  often  kept  entirely  secret. 
The  dancing  has  been  more  successfully 
suppressed,  for  many  of  the  performances 
were  j)ublic ;  but  the  Europeans,  as  well 
as  the  rich  natives,  frequently  indulge  by 
stealth  in  the  prohibited  amusement. 

The  Almehs,  at  least  since  the  banish- 
ment of  the  Ghawazee,  dance,  and  prosti- 
tute themselves,  as  well  as  sing — though 
their  name  implies  neither  practice,  mean- 
ing simply  "  learned  or  accomplished  wo- 
men."     When   an   entertainment    of  the 


kind  is  given,  it  is  usual  to  choose  for  the 
scene  a  lonely  house  in  the  outskirts  of  the 
city,  surrounded  by  a  garden  with  a  high 
wall.  There,  with  the  windov.'s  veiled,  par- 
ties meet,  and  the  dancers  are  introduced. 
Women  with  children  at  the  breast  come 
sometimes  to  take  part  in  these  abominable 
orgies  ;  but  do  not  usually,  unless  excited 
by  the  men,  develop  all  their  powers  of 
licentious  expression.  Occasionally  a  party 
of  soldiers  breaks  in  on  the  forbidden  revel, 
and  the  girls  are  carried  off  to  prison, 
where  stripes,  or,  perhaps,  sentences  of  ba- 
nishment, await  them. 

There  are,  however,  in  Egypt  consider- 
able classes  of  women  solely  devoted  to 
prostitution,  who  practise  none  of  the  ac- 
complishments in  which  the  Almeh  and 
Ghawazee  excel.  Among  them  is  a  pecu- 
liar tribe  c;illed  the  Halekye,  whose  hus- 
bands are  tinkers  or  horse  and  ass  doctors. 
They  wander  about  the  country  like  gip- 
sies, and  most  of  the  women  engage  in 
prostitution.  Prostitutes  of  the  common 
order  swarm  in  all  the  cities  and  towns  of  the 
valle}'.  In  and  about  Cairo  they  are  par- 
ticularly numerous,  whole  quarters  being 
inhabited  exclusively  by  them.  Legisla- 
tion is  powerless  to  suppress  their  calling. 
Their  dress  differs  from  that  of  the  other 
sorts  of  women  only  in  being  more  gay 
and  less  disguising.  Some  even  wear  the 
veil  and  affect  all  the  airs  of  modesty. 
Many  are  divorced  women,  or  widows,  or 
wives  of  men  whose  business  has  obliged 
them  to  go  abroad.  The  wives  of  many  of 
the  Arabs,  if  neglected  for  a  short  time, 
slide  easily  into  prostitution.  When  Ibra- 
him Pasha  was  away  on  the  expedition-  to 
Syria,  it  was  said  that  on  his  return  the 
soldiers  would  find  all  their  wives  cour- 
tezans ;  but  this,  of  course,  was  a  satire. 

Numbers  of  the  common  prostitutes  in 
Cairo  have  been  accustomed  to  sell  pigeons 
and  other  birds  in  the  different  bazaars. 
Hence  has  arisen  a  proverb,  that  a  person 
Avho  marries  in  the  bird-market  must  di- 
vorce his  wife  next  morning.  We  find 
in  these  popular  sayings  many  indications 
of  the  features  which  mark  tlie  system  in 
Egypt.  We  have  some  in  allusion  to  the 
shouts  and  disorderly  conduct  of  persons 
issuing  from  the  brothels  in  the  morning, 
and  others  describing  the  career  of  the 
prostitutes  themselves.  "  The  public  wo- 
man who  is  liberal  of  her  favours  does  not 
wish  for  a  procuress."  "  If  a  harlot  repent 
she  becomes  a  procuress." 

One  reason  assigned  for  the  practice  of 
early  marriages  is,  the  proneness  of  the 
young  men  to  be  seduced  by  prostitutes.  It 
is  only  just,  however,  to  observe,  that  in 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


149 


Alexandria,  though  it  is  considered  the  refii- 
fiiuw.  feccatoriim  of  the  Mediterranean,  the 
European  community  has  preserved  itself  to 
an  unusual  degree  uncontaminated  by  the 
general  corruption  of  the  male  population. 
The  women  of  Egypt,  as  we  have  already 
observed,  are,  in  point  of  morals,  far  supe- 
rior to  the  men.  They  are  generally  silly 
and  childish,  because  they  are  treated  as 
soulless  creatures  and  children  ;  but,  on 
the  whole,  their  character  is  not  so  de- 
graded by  unnatural  vices  as  that  of  their 
male  rulers.  These  generally  are  coarse 
vohiptuaries,  in  whom  little  except  the 
animal  appetite  is  developed. 

We  perceive  in  Egypt  the  illustration  of 
some  signal  truths.  We  find  there  the 
proper  fruits  of  Oriental  despotism  ;  Ave  see 
the  results  of  a  vulgar  barbarian  attempt 
to  reform  public  morals.  We  witness  also 
the  influence  of  its  position  upon  the 
character  of  the  female  sex.  Women  in 
Egypt  have  been  made  by  their  social  laws 
what  the  originator  of  those  laws  considered 
them  to  be — the  mere  servitors  of  man. 
In  the  prostitute  system  of  the  country 
Ave  discover  some  singular  features,  which 
contribute  to  render  modern  Egypt,  in 
relation  to  our  actual  subject,  one  of  the 
most  interesting  regions  in  the  East.  The 
Christian  population  we  do  not  notice,  be- 
cause it  is  composed  of  fragments  of  races 
which  will  be  noticed  in  their  proper 
countries  '^. 

Of  Prostitution  among  the  States  of 
Northern  Africa. 

A  VERY  brief  notice  is  all  that  is  required 
by  the  other  States  of  northern  Africa. 
They  are  distinguished  from  the  barbarous 
communities  of  that  region  by  having 
assumed  the  forms  of  regular  society, 
which  places  them  under  a  separate  head, 
but,  in  relation  to  our  subject,  they  present 
little  that  is  characteristic.  In  describing 
the  condition  and  morality  of  the  female 
sex  in  other   Mohammedan    countries  we 

*  Lane's  Modern  Egyptians ;  Poole's  English- 
woman in  Egypt ;  Yates's  Egypt ;  St.  John's 
Egypt  and  Mohammed  AH;  St.  John's  Egypt 
and  Nubia ;  St.  John's  Oriental  Album  ; 
Cadalvene  and  Breuvery,  I'Egypte  ;  Mugin's 
Histoire  del'^ypte;  Burckhardt's  Arabic  Pro- 
verbs; Expedition  Fran^aise  al'^ypte;  Niebuhr's 
Travels  in  Egypt,  &c. ;  Thackeray's  From  Corn- 
hill  to  Cairo ;  Warburton's  Crescent  and  the 
Cross ;  Bayle  St.  John's  Levantine  Family  ; 
Henniker's  Travels  ;  Minutoli's  Recollections  of 
Egypt;  Boaz's  Modern  Egypt;  Clot  Bey's  Apercu 
General  sur  I'Egypte  ;  Pueckler  Muskau's  Egypt 
and  Meheraet  All. 


shall  meet  with  nearly  all  the  features 
offered  by  Algiers,  Barca,  Morocco,  Tunis, 
and  Tripoli.  Nevertheless,  on  account  of 
the  extraordinary  mixture  of  the  popula- 
tion, some  curious  details  are  observed. 
Turks,  Christians,  Arabs,  Jews,  Berbers,  and 
Moors  mingle  in  the  cities  of  those  States. 
The  last,  however,  form  the  mass,  and  it  is 
to  them  our  remarks  must  apply. 

The  Moors  of  northern  Africa  possess  all 
the  vices,  and  scarcely  any  of  the  virtues, 
of  the  Mohammedans  of  the  East.  They 
are  proud,  ignorant,  sensual,  and  depraved, 
without  any  of  that  high  spirit  of  honour 
which  often,  in  the  oriental  Muslim,  half 
redeems  his  character. 

The  treatment  of  women  among  the 
Moors  answers  exactly  to  this  view.  They 
are  regarded  as  the  mere  material  instru- 
ments of  man's  gratification.  Accordingly 
their  whole  education  is  modelled  so  as  to 
render  them  fit  to  serve  the  lust  of  a  gross 
sensualist.  Among  the  more  elevated  na- 
tions of  Asia,  men  sometimes  tire  of  their 
wives'  company,  because  they  are  simple 
beauties,  without  animation  of  mind,  seek- 
ing the  society  of  educated  courtezans, 
more  for  their  wit  and  vivacity  than  for 
their  meaner  and  more  material  accom- 
plishments. But,  with  the  Moors,  the 
animal  appetite  is  all  that  they  seek  to 
satisfy.  A  woman  with  daughters  does  not 
train  them  in  seductive  arts  ;  she  feeds 
them  into  a  seductive  appearance  —  as 
pigeons  and  doves  are  fed  in  certain  parts 
of  Italy.  They  are  made  to  swallow  daily 
a  number  of  balls  of  paste,  dipped  in  oil, 
and  the  rod  enforces  their  compliance. 
This  practice  is  adopted  as  well  by  the 
inmate  of  the  rich  man's  harem  as  by  the 
courtezan  ;  for  to  be  plump,  sleek,  and  fair, 
are  the  objects  of  their  common  ambition. 
A  girl  who  is  a  camel's  load  is  the  perfec- 
tion of  Moorish  beauty.  Thus  intellect 
and  sentiment  are  not  the  possessions  to 
recommend  her,  but  fat. 

It  is  strange  that  the  woman's  character 
does  not  correspond  altogether  with  her 
mode  of  life.  Heavy,  corpulent,  and  sen- 
sual, she  is,  nevertheless,  alive  to  the 
keenest  feeling.  Hot  impulses,  untame- 
able  in  their  outbreak,  characterize  her 
sex.  Rivarol  once  said,  that  in  Paris  the 
veins  of  the  women  were  full  of  milk ;  but 
in  Berlin,  of  pure  blood.  Pananti  says 
that  in  the  Moorish  woman  fire  is  the  cir- 
culating fluid.  Fiery  hearts,  indeed,  are 
general  among  the  women  of  the  East; 
and  are  as  remarkable  in  Egypt  as  in 
Morocco,  where  Oriental  passions  seem  to 
spring  from  African  soil. 

Immured  as  the  wives  of  rich  men  are 


160 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


in  splendid  harems,  and  rigidly  excluded 
from  intercourse  with  the  other  sex,  they 
seek  their  v/hole  enjoyment  in  the  gratifi- 
cation of  their  passions  or  their  senses. 
Their  time  is  spent  at  home,  or  at  the 
bath,  lounging  on  cushions,  sipping  coffee, 
smoking,  gossiping,  or  multiplying  the 
devices  of  the  toilette. 

The  Moors  are  extravagantly  jealous. 
Some  have  been  known  to  slay  their  women 
before  proceeding  on  a  long  journey;  others 
have  forbidden  them  to  name  even  an  ani- 
mal of  the  masculine  gender.  They  are, 
therefore,  entirely  shut  np  within  the  walls 
of  the  harem ;  muffled  under  mountains  of 
ungraceful  black  drapery  as  they  move  along 
the  streets ;  or  secluded  from  the  sight  of 
the  Avorld  in  the  impenetrable  recesses  of 
the  bath.  There  they  exhaust  all  the  inge- 
nuity they  can  command  in  the  perfuming 
and  decoration  of  their  persons. 

Many  have  wondered  why  women  thus 
prevented  from  displaying  themselves 
should  be  so  untiring  in  the  offices  of 
vanity.  The  reason,  however,  is  clear.  In 
the  Moorish  harem  all  that  a  wife  or  con- 
cubine has  to  look  to  is  the  favour  of  her 
lord.  If  she  succeed  in  charming  him,  her 
lot  is  far  more  happy  than  under  any  other 
circumstances.  Besides,  it  is  not  only  to 
please  him  that  she  labours.  The  morti- 
fication of  her  rivals  is  an  additional  source 
of  triumph,  for  in  the  narroAV  sphere  of  the 
harem,  where  the  nobler  qualities  of  the 
mind  have  no  room  for  developmeut,  the 
meanest  naturally  flourish  most  profusely. 

The  marriage  laws  of  Mohammedan 
countries  in  general  prevail  in  the  Barbary 
States,  with  slight  modifications.  The 
husband  has  more  absolute  control  over 
the  wife.  Few  take  more  than  one,  though 
polygamy  is  universally  allowed.  Opulent 
men,  however,  sometimes  indulge  in  the 
full  complement  of  four,  besides  a  number 
of  concubines.  Though  the  betrothal 
usually  takes  place  at  an  extremely  early 
age,  the  actual  union  seldom  takes  place 
until  the  bride  is  tAvelve  or  thirteen,  when, 
as  a  poet  of  Barbary  expresses  it,  "  The 
rose-bud  expands  to  imbibe  the  vivifying 
rays  of  love." 

An  extensive  system  of  professional 
prostitution  prevails  in  all  the  cities  of 
these  States.  In  Algiers  and  Morocco  they 
are  particularly  numerous.  The  low  drink- 
ing shops  are  crowded  with  men,  and  the 
loose  characters  of  the  town  have  each  a 
companion  who  is  a  harlot.  The  ptiblic 
dancers  all  belong  to  this  sisterhood.  They 
exist  in  large  numbers  and  are  very  much 
encouraged  by  both  sexes.  Tlie  women  in 
the  baths,  after  steeping  their  bodies  in 


warm  water  until  every  nerve  is  relaxed, 
and  all  their  limbs  are  softened  into  a 
voluptuous  languor,  lie  on  cushions  and  sip 
coffee,  while  dancers,  attired  in  a  slight 
costume,  display  their  licentious  arts,  and 
Almeh  sing  songs  equally  lascivious.  These 
prostitutes  are  of  various  classes,  from  the 
low  vulgar  wretches,  encouraged  by  the 
French  soldiers  in  Algiers,  to  the  wealthy 
courte/ans  who  live  amid  luxury  and 
splendour. 

A  late  traveller  was  introduced  by  a  friend 
to  "  a  Moorish  lady."  She  occupied  a  fine 
house,  situated,  however,  in  a  narrow  and 
retired  street.  Its  architecture  was  rich, 
and  on  the  door  being  opened,  signs  of 
wealth  became  everywhere  apparent.  The 
visitor  vv'as  ushered  into  a  spacious  apart- 
ment, roofed  with  graceful  arches,  and  hung 
with  rich-coloured  silks.  A  lamp  burning 
amid  piles  of  freshly-gathered  flowers, 
stood  on  the  table.  Reclining  on  a  luxu- 
rious divan,  with  a  tiger-skin  spread  at  her 
feet,  was  a  woman  of  extreme  loveliness, 
attired  in  a  superb  costume.  Though  of  a 
fair  and  brilliant  complexion,  her  hair  was 
jet  black,  braided  with  curious  art  and 
bound  up  with  strings  of  pearl.  Its  heavy 
tresses  were  partly  concealed  by  a  tiara  of 
crimson,  figured  with  gold.  Diamond  drops 
hung  from  her  ears;  corals  and  gems 
sparkled  round  her  neck. 

A  garment,  of  a  fabric  almost  transpa- 
rent, was  folded  over  her  bosom,  and  fas- 
tened with  a  golden  ornament.  A  loose 
pelisse  of  blue  brocade,  confined  at  the 
waist  with  a  cymar  of  embroidered  silk, 
displayed  the  contour  of  her  figure,  and 
full  trousers  of  muslin  were  furled  about 
her  limbs.  Her  cheek  was  tattooed  with  a 
blue  star,  and  her  nails  were  stained  pink 
with  henna.  She  was  waited  upon  by  a 
negro  girl  wearing  a  white  muslin  turban 
ornamented  with  a  rose,  the  leaves  and 
stem  of  which  were  gilded.  Elegant  in  her 
manners,  easy  in  her  mode  of  address,  this 
woman  appeared  to  the  uninitiated  traveller 
the  model  of  feminine  grace.  When  he 
took  his  leave,  however,  his  friend  unde- 
ceived him,  with  an  apology,  and  he  dis- 
covered that  he  had  been  conversing  with 
a  Moorish  prostitute. 

This  sketch  of  a  woman,  belonging  to 
the  class,  may  serve  to  show  the  extent  to 
which  some  of  them  are  encouraged.  In- 
deed the  society  of  the  dancers,  v/ho  are  all 
prostitutes,  is  a  favourite  recreation  with 
the  Moors  of  all  classes.  The  women,  as 
we  have  said,  belong  to  various  grades, 
from  those  who  debase  themselves  by  their 
obscene  postures  iu  the  low  coffee-houses, 
to  those  v/ho  display  their  more  elegant 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


151 


licentiousness  to  amuse  the  wealthy.  A  man, 
entertaining  a  party  of  friends,  sends  for  a 
company  of  dancers  to  enliven  them  in  his 
kiosk  or  pavilion.  There,  amid  the  fumes 
of  tobacco,  and  sometimes  of  strong  liquors 
(for  the  precepts  of  the  Koran  are  often 
disregarded),  these  unhappy  women  descend 
from  ordinary  immodesty  to  the  most  de- 
grading obscenity,  until  the  orgies  become 
such  as  no  pen  could  describe.  When  the 
master  of  the  feast  is  particularly  delighted 
with  the  beauty  or  the  dexterity  of  any 
girl,  he  perforins  a  favourite  act  of  gallantry 
by  dropping  a  few  golden  coins  into  her 
bosom.  The  whole  company  is  liberally 
rewarded  *". 


Of  Peostitution  in  Arabia,  Syria,  and 
Asia  Minor. 

In  whatever  countries  the  Mohammedan 
religion  has  been  established,  to  describe 
the  condition  of  women  would  be  generally 
to  repeat  the  accounts  already  given.  Their 
character  varies  in  different  populations, 
but  everywhere  the  laws  to  which  they  are 
subject  are  substantially  the  same. 

In  Syria  and  Asia  Minor  the  marriage 
code  is,  among  the  Muslims,  precisely  simi- 
lar to  that  of  Egypt  and  Turkey,  and  so 
also  in  Arabia.  In  Natolia,  especially,  the 
influence  of  the  Prophet's  law  is  powerful, 
and  the  comparative  simplicity  of  its  in- 
habitants leads  them  to  respect  the  boun- 
daries laid  down  to  their  indulgences. 
Possessing  within  their  own  country  all 
the  materials  of  prosperity,  they  might, 
with  virtue  and  industry,  become  once 
more  a  powerful  and  wealthy  race ;  but 
misgovernment  adds  yearly  to  the  mass  of 
their  corruption,  and  they  perish  in  misery 
and  servitude. 

In  such  countries  ambition  sees  no  path 
but  that  of  reckless  crime,  and  mental  ac- 
tivity only  stimulates  to  sensual  pursuits. 
Accordingly  profligacy  flourishes  in  the 
cities  of  Asia  Minor,  though  in  the  thinly- 
peopled  tracts  there  is  perhaps  more  purity 
of  manners  than  in  any  other  Mohammedan 
country,  except  Arabia.  Polygamy,  per- 
mitted as  it  is  by  the  law,  is  far  from  being 
generally  adopted.  In  1830,  the  extensive 
city  of  Brussa  contained  only  a  single  man 
who  had  more  than  one  wife.  Women  are 
secluded  to  some  extent,  but  enjoy  great 
freedom.  Loved  and  indulged  they  are, 
but  not  respected ;  and,  consequently,  their 

*  See  Kennedy's  Algeria  and  Tunis  in  1845; 
Riissel's  Barbary  States ;  Jackson's  Account ; 
St.  Marie's  Visit  to  Algeria;  Pananti's  Narrative; 
Beechey,  Blaquiere,  &c. 


morals  ai>e  inferior  to  those  of  the  Bedouin 
wives. 

The  Christians,  who  are  so  freely  tole- 
rated among  the  Mohammedan  population 
of  Asia  Minor,  preserve  very  much  the 
customs  of  Europe,  except  in  the  lesser 
details  of  their  life.  In  the  rich  provinces 
of  Syria,  Arabs,  Greeks,  and  Ottomans  have 
mingled,  bringing  each  some  characteristic 
habits  to  modify  the  general  social  scheme. 
The  pastoral  and  the  Christian  tribes  are 
by  far  the  most  moral. 

Among  the  ^laronites  of  Lebanon,  who 
hold  our  faith,  a  rigid  code  exists,  with 
purity  of  manners  ;  but,  as  among  the 
ancient  Germans,  the  severe  law  is  only 
the  moral  influence  in  action.  The  law, 
without  the  feeling  which  upholds  it,  would 
be  powerful ;  which  constitutes  the  difier- 
ence  between  a  community  which  frames 
its  own  code  according  to  its  own  spirit, 
and  that  which  receives  decrees  from  the 
caprice  of  a  ruler.  If  a  man  among  the 
Maronites  seduce  a  girl,  he  must  marry 
her;  should  he  refuse,  fasts,  imprisonments, 
and  even  blows  are  employed,  which  force 
him  to  submit.  The  illicit  intercourse  of 
the  sexes,  married  or  unmarried,  is  repro- 
bated by  the  sense  of  the  community,  and 
the  profession  of  prostitution  is  unknown. 
On  the  whole,  this  may  be  described  as  a 
simple  and  comparatively  innocent  race, 
removed  above  the  profligacy  which  fer- 
ments around  them. 

The  Druses,  also,  are  distinguished  by 
the  same  characteristics ;  they  do  not  per- 
mit polygamy,  and  marry  very  young,  A 
man  may  divorce  his  wife,  however,  by  only 
saying,  "Go;"  or  if  she  ask  permission  to 
visit  her  relatives,  and  he  concede  it,  with- 
out enjoining  her  to  return,  she  must  con- 
sider herself  put  away.  In  spite  of  this 
facility  such  separations  scarcely  ever 
occur.  An  adulteress  is  mercilessly  put  to 
death  by  the  hands  of  her  friends.  One 
who  commits  fornication  suflers  a  similar 
punishment,  but  in  this  case  the  father 
may  pardon  her  if  he  choose.  The  tender- 
ness of  the  parent  sometimes  induces  him 
to  spare  his  child,  though  her  guilt  may 
stain  the  honour  of  his  house ;  but  brothers, 
it  is  said,  never  relent,  visiting  the  sin  of 
their  sister  with  unsparing  sternness. 

Prostitutes  and  dancing  girls  are  com- 
mon in  all  the  cities  and  towns  of  Syria, 
but  they  are  never  met  with  among  any 
of  the  pastoral  or  nomade  tribes.  In  Asia 
Minor  and  Palestine  the  same  circumstance 
is  to  be  observed. 

There  is  little  to  remark  upon  in  the 
habits  or  characteristics  of  the  class,  which 
is  similar  to  others  of  the  same  sisterhood 


152 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


in  Egypt,  Turkey,  and  other  parts  of  the 
East*.  Since,  therefore,  little  could  be 
gained  by  dwelling  at  length  upon  these 
couutries,  we  quit  them,  and  pass  to  a 
region  which,  if  the  spirit  of  romance  still 
remains  on  earth,  may  be  described  as  its 
chosen  home. 

In  Arabia  we  find  a  system  of  manners 
at  once  unique  and  beautiful.  In  saying 
this,  however,  we  allude  to  the  Bedouins, 
or  representatives  of  the  true  Arab  race, 
who  preserve  their  original  simplicity  in 
the  rainless  plains  of  their  ancient  country. 
In  the  cities  of  the  coast,  and  wherever  the 
fertility  of  the  soil  has  attracted  a  crowded 
population,  vice  has  introduced  itself,  and 
the  graces  of  the  shepherd  state  have 
quickly  disappeared.  In  surveying  the 
civilization  of  Arabia  this  distinction  must 
always  be  held  in  view. 

Many  natural  circumstances  combine  to 
influence  the  natural  character  of  the 
Arabs  in  their  native  region.  A  country 
whose  sunny  and  sandy  plains  alternate 
with  tracts  of  hills  and  valleys  of  the 
richest  bloom,  has  been  their  home.  In  the 
mountains  of  Yemen  wet  and  dry  seasons 
alternate,  but  over  the  desert  hangs  a  sky 
of  perpetual  blue, — bright,  dry,  and  warm; 
while,  during  the  summer  solstice,  a  sun 
almost  vertical  floods  the  waste  of  rock  and 
sand  with  insufferable  light,  parching  the 
face  of  all  nature. 

In  this  extraordinary  region  the  Arabs 
live;  some,  as  we  have  said,  in  cities  or 
villages,  some  in  separate  families,  under 
tents.  An  independent  patriarchal  form 
of  government  has  been  preserved  in  com- 
plete unity  with  their  simple  system  of 
manners.  Their  religion  is  that  of  Mo- 
hammed, though  various  interpretations  of 
his  law  have  divided  them  into  numerous 
sects.  Differing,  as  they  do,  in  their  scheme 
of  education  from  Europeans,  it  is  difficult 
for  us  to  understand  their  character.  The 
boy  grows  up  until  five  years  old  under  his 
mother's  care ;  then,  without  a  graduation, 
he  is  taken  to  his  father's  side.  From  the 
companionship  of  women  and  children  he 
passes  at  once  into  the  society  of  men. 

The  Arabs  hold  the  female  sex  in  high 
estimation.  They  exclude  women,  indeed, 
from  all  public  assemblies,  preclude  them 
from  the  use  of  strong  liquors,  and  hold 
them  from  infancy  to  womanhood  under 
tutelage ;   but  they  restrain  themselves  as 

*  The  most  valuable  body  of  information  on 
the  Turkish  Empire  ever  published  was  collected 
by  the  Kev.  Robert  Walpole,  whose  acquirements 
as  a  scholar  are  equalled  by  his  accomplishments 
as  a  writer  and  a  preacher. 


well,  and  their  general  demeanour  is  mo- 
dest, sober,  and  grave.  Those  in  the  fertile 
province  of  Yemen  are  more  vivacious  than 
those  of  the  sterile  plains.  Nevertheless 
the  men  love  society.  Every  village  has 
its  coffee-house  full  of  gossipers,  and  every 
camp  its  place  of  rendezvous. 

The  women  of  the  family  occupy  the 
interior  of  the  house  or  tent;  they  are 
secluded  to  some  extent,  but  not  in  the 
extravagant  degree  described  by  some 
writers.  A  man  will  not  salute  one  in 
public,  or  fix  his  eyes  upon  her.  Strangers, 
in  general,  are  not  allowed  to  converse 
with  them,  and  they  are  expected  to  pay 
great  deference  to  the  ruling  sex,  but  they 
are  neither  disguised  nor  immured.  Veils 
they  wear,  but  do  not  hide  their  faces  with 
that  religious  care  considered  indispensable 
in  some  countries.  Among  many  of  the 
tent-dwellers,  women  drink  coffee  with 
strangers ;  and  in  some  of  the  communities 
towards  the  south  they  are  allowed  to  en- 
tertain a  guest  in  their  husband's  absence. 
Indeed  it  may  be  said,  that  they  are  in 
Arabia  more  free  than  anywhere  else  in 
Islam,  and  proverbially  abstemious  in  the 
gratification  of  all  their  appetites.  All  the 
household  duties  are  performed  by  them. 
They  fetch  water,  drive  flocks,  and  wait  on 
the  men ;  but  they  are  loved  and  respected, 
notwithstanding,  and  no  claim  is  held  so 
sacred  as  that  by  which  a  mother  exacts 
duty  from  her  son.  There  is,  indeed,  some- 
thing admirable  in  the  simplicity  of  these 
desert  tribes,  where  the  wife  sits  within 
her  husband's  tent,  weaving  her  own  gar- 
ments from  the  wool  of  his  flocks. 

Where  several  families  are  congregated, 
the  females  visit  each  other,  assemble  toge- 
ther, and  exchange  every  pleasant  service. 
They  meet  in  the  evening  to  sing  to  the 
young  men  of  the  tribe,  and  many  romantic 
assignations  are  kept  in  the  little  secluded 
valleys  in  which  Arabia  abounds.  The  well 
is  the  favourite  spot  of  rendezvous. 

The  dances  of  the  Arab  girls,  who  per- 
form before  the  men,  are  not  only  decent 
but  elegant  and  romantic — totally  in  con- 
trast to  those  of  the  Ghawazee.  These  amuse- 
ments are  as  much  for  their  own  gratification 
as  that  of  the  other  sex,  for  sometimes  no 
males  are  present.  Nor  are  they  forced  to 
exhibit  when  disinclined.  Sometimes  when 
the  young  men  liave  offended  the  maidens 
of  a  tribe,  they  assemble  night  after  night, 
but  no  damsels  appear  to  dance  or  sing. 
All  this  indicates  considerable  purity  of 
manners.  The  Mohammedan  marriage 
law  prevails  among  all  the  Arabs  of  the 
peninsula,  though  its  details  are  modified 
by  their   system   of  manners.     A  man  is 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


153 


expected,  though  not  compelled,  to  take 
the  widow  of  his  deceased  brother.  A  man 
has  an  exclusive  right  to  the  hand  of  his 
cousin,  but  is  not  compelled  to  marry  her. 
He,  however,  must  finally  renounce  his 
claim  before  she  can  be  taken  by  any  one 
else.  Each  may  have  four  wives  and  as 
many  concubines  as  he  pleases.  Two  sisters 
may  not  be  had  at  once ;  but  one  being 
divorced,  the  other  may  be  taken. 

The  disparity  between  the  sexes  in  point 
of  number,  which  has  been  asserted  by  some 
travellers,  does  not  appear  to  exist.  Poly- 
gamy, a  privilege  of  the  rich,  is  seldom 
practised  even  by  them.  j\Tany  wealthy 
Bedouins,  who  could  well  maintain  a  harem, 
declare  they  could  not  be  happy  with  more 
than  one  companion.  The  law  obliges  a 
man  to  pass  at  least  one  night  in  every 
week  with  each  of  his  wives,  and  this  has 
assisted  in  checking  the  practice. 

The  Mohammedans  of  Arabia  are  accused 
of  selling  their  daughters ;  but  they  do 
not  often  bargain  them  away  for  profit. 
They  naturally  prefer  a  wealthy  before  a 
poor  son-in-law,  and  receive  a  bounty  from 
him  ;  but  they  richly  portion  out  the  bride. 
She  is  further  endowed  by  her  husband. 
The  contract  drawn  up  before  the  Kadi 
stipulates  not  only  what  she  is  to  receive 
upon  her  marriage,  but  what  she  may  claim 
in  case  of  a  divorce.  In  many  cases  a 
sheikh  of  substantial  fortune  takes  a  poor 
son-in-law,  gives  him  the  sum  necessary  to 
be  paid  before  the  judge,  and  exacts  from 
him  in  return  only  a  pledge  of  such  an 
amount,  in  the  event  of  repudiation,  that 
it  can  never  take  place.  The  wife,  not  being 
compelled  to  vest  all  her  property  in  him, 
is,  in  some  measure,  free  from  his  authority. 
She  is,  indeed,  more  supreme  in  the  house- 
hold than  in  most  countries,  and  is  even 
more  happy,  because  she  can  insist  upon  a 
divorce  if  ill-used.  Some  men,  indeed, 
take  two  wives,  and  some  even  three,  but 
these  instances  are  so  few  that,  though  the 
sexes  are  numerically  equal,  almost  every 
man  may  have  a  wife.  In  the  towns, 
soldiers  and  domestics  are  more  frequently 
married  than  in  Europe.  No  insult  wounds 
an  Arab  woman  more  than  to  compare  her 
to  a  fruitless  tree.  In  this  way  the  evils  of 
polygamy,  in  the  cities,  are  counteracted. 
A  maiden  past  the  marriageable  age  is 
ashamed  of  her  virginity,  and  a  widow 
without  children  is  miserable  until  she 
finds  a  new  partner.  There  are  no  retreats 
whither  celibacy  may  fly  for  refuge  from 
the  taunts  of  the  world.  Every  woman, 
consequently,  is  desirous  to  marry;  but 
those  who  are  taken  by  pluralists  bear 
fewer  children   than   those  who   have  no 


rival  under  the  roof.  In  the  house  of  a 
polygamist,  each  woman,  feeling  she  has  to 
contend  for  favour,  seeks  by  unnatural 
means  to  increase  her  own  attractions,  to 
seem  more  voluptuous  than  she  is,  and  thus 
injures  her  natural  powers.  Concubinage 
is  more  common  than  polygamy.  The 
sherifi"  of  Mecca  has  numerous  female 
slaves,  and  his  high  example  is  followed  by 
many  wealthy  men  in  the  luxurious  and 
corrupt  populations  of  the  cities.  In  the 
desert  it  is  more  rare,  and,  indeed,  scarcely 
ever  practised,  except  where  a  father  pre- 
sents his  son  with  a  beautiful  bondmaid, 
that  he  may  be  satisfied  with  her,  and  not 
enter  the  towns  in  search  of  prostitutes. 

In  Mecca,  the  sacred  city  of  the  Moham- 
medan faith,  nearly  all  the  wealthy  men 
maintain  concubines,  but,  if  they  bear 
children,  must,  unless  their  complement  of 
four  wives  be  already  complete,  marry  them 
or  incur  public  reproach.  Some  of  these 
voluptuaries,  who  look  on  women  only  as  a 
means  to  gratify  their  animal  appetites, 
marry  none  but  Abyssinian  wives,  because 
they  are  more  servile,  obsequious,  and 
voluptuous  than  those  of  pure  Arabian 
blood.  Foreigners  arriving  at  that  city 
with  the  caravan  bargain  for  a  female  slave, 
intending  to  sell  her  at  their  departure, 
unless  she  bear  oiFspring,  in  which  case  she 
is  elevated  to  the  position  of  a  wife.  Under 
any  circumstances,  to  sell  a  concubine 
slave,  is  by  the  respectable  part  of  the  com- 
munity, regarded  as  disreputable.  Specu- 
lators, however,  sometimes  buy  young  girls, 
indulge  their  sensuality  upon  them,  train 
them  up,  educate  them,  and  sell  them  at  a 
profit.  No  distinction  is  made  among  the 
children,  of  whichever  class  of  mothers 
they  are  born. 

It  is  one  sign  of  pure  manners  among 
the  simple  communities  of  Arabia,  that 
chastity  is  highly  prized.  When  the 
young  Arab  marries  a  girl,  he  sometimes 
stipulates  in  the  contract  that  she  must  be 
a  virgin.  Of  this  he  desires  to  assure 
himself  by  examination.  If  the  outward 
signs  are  wanting,  the  bride's  father  has  to 
prove  the  circumstance  accidental ;  should 
he  fail  in  this,  the  fame  of  her  innocence  may 
be  destroyed,  and  she  may  be  driven  from 
home  overwhelmed  with  shame.  In  many 
of  the  nomade  communities  it  is  the  inva- 
riable rule  to  put  away  a  bride  immediately 
after  the  discovery  of  any  suspicious  sign, 
and  in  the  hills  of  Yemen  the  laws  are 
equally  severe.  The  man  who  marries  a 
woman  disgraced  by  incontinence  shares 
her  infamy  unless  he  send  her  back  to  her 
father. 

The  dwellers  in   towns,  estimating  less 


154 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


highly  the  worth  of  feminine  virtue,  laugh 
■'  at  a  man  who  dishonours  his  family  on 
account  of  such  a  circumstance.  A  man 
finding  that  his  bride  is  not  a  virgin  de- 
mands compensation  from  her  father,  keeps 
her  a  short  time,  and  then  puts  her  away 
privily,  as  Joseph  was  minded  to  do  with 
the  mother  of  Jesus.  Many  also  under- 
stand that  nature  has  refused  the  sign 
to  some  females,  and  that  it  is  unjust  to 
condemn  a  woman  on  the  strength  of  a 
circumstance  which  a  hundred  accidents 
may  have  caused.  If  adultery  be  com- 
mitted by  the  wife,  the  law  condemns  her 
to  have  her  throat  cut  by  the  hand  of  her 
brother  or  father  ;  but  in  general  humanity 
prevails  against  the  written  code,  and  this 
horrible  punishment  is  seldom  inflicted. 
The  usual  manner  of  visiting  such  an 
offence  is  by  summary  divorce,  which  is 
indeed  easily  to  be  obtained  for  trivial 
causes,  or  for  no  cause  at  all.  In  towns  an 
agreement  before  the  Kadi,  in  the  desert 
a  lamb  slaughtered  before  the  door  of  the 
tent,  is  all  the  ceremony  needed.  The 
simple  pronunciation  of  the  word  "  Go  " 
is,  in  many  parts,  sufficient.  Men  of  violent 
passions  abuse  this  privilege,  and  it  is  said 
that  some,  not  more  than  40  years  of  age, 
have  had  as  many  as  50  wives ;  but  it  is 
utterly  untrue  to  say  that  such  instances  are 
frequent.  The  existence  of  the  pure  and 
true  sentiment  of  love,  which  is  so  rare  in 
Mohammedan  countries,  is  admitted  to 
prevail  in  Arabia ;  the  natural  jealousy  of 
the  male  sex,  the  superior  wisdom  of  their 
regulations  respecting  the  intercourse  of 
the  sexes  prior  to  marriage,  the  indepen- 
dence of  the  women,  and  the  lofty  system 
of  morals  distinguishing  the  Bedouins  of 
the  desert,  are  totally  incompatible  with 
such  a  flagrant  profligacy  in  the  use 
of  divorce.  Were  it  the  case,  the  com- 
plete confusion  of  society  would  ensue; 
whereas  no  region  in  the  world  presents 
spectacles  of  happier  homes  than  the  plains 
of  Arabia,  with  their  tents  and  wandering 
tribes.  Women  are  comparatively  free, 
being  tolerated  even  in  religious  dif- 
ferences, which  implies  a  high  estimate 
of  their  intellectual  qualities.  The  repub- 
'  lican  spirit  of  the  desert  assigns  them,  in- 
deed, their  natural  position,  and,  though 
much  is  required  from  them  as  modest 
women,  little  is  exacted  from  them  as  an 
inferior  sex. 

Some  of  the  peculiar  customs  among  the 
various  communities  of  Arabia  are  curious 
enough  to  require  notice.  Before  the 
Wahaby  Conquest  it  was  customary  among 
the  Deyr  Arabs  for  a  man  to  take  his 
daughter,     when     marriageable,     to     the 


market-place — where  all  such  engage- 
ments were  formed — 'and  proclaim  her  for 
disposal,  crying  aloud,  "  Who  will  buy  the 
virgin  ? "  The  Bedouins  of  Mount  Sinai 
still  adhere  to  their  singular  practices. 
A  man  desiring  matrimony  makes  a  bar- 
gain with  some  one  who  has  an  unmarried 
daughter,  and  if  able  to  settle  it,  sticks  in 
his  turban  a  sprig  of  green,  which  signi- 
fies that  he  is  wedded  to  a  virgin.  The 
bride's  inclinations  are  not  beforehand 
consulted.  She  must  go  home  with  her 
husband,  and  submit  for  one  night  to  his 
embraces.  If  she  be  not  pleased,  however, 
she  may  in  the  morning  go  home,  when 
the  contract  is  dissolved.  Among  the 
wealthier  tribes  of  the  East,  no  price  is 
paid,  and  every  girl  is  free  to  choose  a 
partner.  Modesty,  with  them,  is  regarded 
as  the  finest  grace  of  the  sex.  It  is  genuine 
and  unassailable.  The  bride  even  is  some- 
times so  coy,  that  her  husband  is  obliged 
to  tie  her  up  and  whip  her  before  she  will 
yield  to  him.  A  Avidow's  marriage  is  dis- 
reputable, and  assailed  with  every  demon- 
stration of  disrespect.  This  proves  that 
divorce  among  them  is  unfrequent.  Among 
the  Nazyene,  a  tribe  on  the  peninsula 
of  Sinai,  a  girl,  when  given  in  marriage, 
flies  and  takes  refuge  among  the  hills, 
where  she  is  supplied  with  food  by  her 
relations.  The  bridegroom  goes  in  search, 
and  when  he  finds  his  bride,  must  pass  the 
night  with  her  in  the  open  air.  She  may 
repeat  the  flight  several  times,  and  indeed 
is  not  expected  to  live  with  her  husband 
until  a  whole  year  has  elapsed  or  she  has 
become  pregnant.  Various  other  customs 
characterise  different  tribes ;  but  in  every 
feature  of  Arabian  manners  we  discover  a 
simplicity  and  purity  as  admirable  as  it  is 
rare.  Conjugal  infidelity  is  rare  in  the 
desert.  Fornication  scarcely  ever  happens, 
and  common  prostitutes  are  unknown.  In 
the  crowded  towns  on  the  coast,  however, 
there  are  numbers  of  professional  prosti- 
tutes, licensed  to  carry  on  their  calling, 
who  pay  considerable  sums  to  the  magis- 
trates for  the  enjoyment  of  their  privileges. 
In  Mecca  they  are  extremely  numerous, 
and  for  the  most  part  inhabit  the  poorest 
quarter  of  the  city.  In  Dhyrdda,  also, 
they  are  extremely  numerous,  but  the 
population  of  that  place  is  almost  exclu- 
sively foreign.  These  women  bear  scarcely 
any  children.  When,  during  the  early 
years  of  their  vocation,  they  are  capable 
of  producing  offspring,  they  employ  arti- 
ficial means  to  ensure  abortion.  The  seeds 
of  the  tree  whence  is  obtained  the  balm 
of  Mecca,  are  used  for  that  purpose. 

In  the  mosqiies  of  the  sacred  city,  pros- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


155 


titutes  collect  in  great  numbers,  and  are 
largely  encouraged  by  the  Moolah  or  priestly 
class,  who  find  them  a  source  of  profit. 
Those  of  the  more  indigent  description  in- 
habit a  particular  quarter,  but  the  others 
are  dispersed  amid  the  general  mass  of  the 
population.  They  are  more  decent  in  then' 
outward  demeanour  than  the  same  class  in 
the  East  and  in  Europe,  and  it  requires  a 
practised  eye  to  detect,  amid  the  throng  of 
veiled  women  cir«ulating  in  the  streets  and 
bazaars,  those  of  the  venal  sisterhood.  Con- 
trary, however,  to  the  rule  which  prevails 
in  England,  they  are  almost  the  only 
females  who  frequent  places  of  worship, 
which  is  on  account  not  of  their  devotion, 
but  of  their  eifrontery,  the  prejudices  of 
Mohammedans  being  against  it.  The 
Bedouins  near  cities  sometimes  frequent 
the  brothels  in  their  neighbourhood;  but 
these  belong  to  the  class  the  manners  of 
which  have  been  vitiated  by  intercourse 
with  strangers. 

In  what  numbers  the  prostitutes  of  the 
Arabian  cities  are  found  we  know  not,  nor 
do  we  discover  anything  remarkable  in  their 
manners  or  modes  of  life.  It  would,  con- 
sequently, be  unprofitable  to  dwell  on  them. 
We  have  to  notice,  however,  in  connection 
with  Arabia,  two  remarkable  customs,  one 
of  which  exhibits  to  us  a  class  of  male 
prostitutes,  if  such  a  term  may  be  allowed, 
and  the  other  a  species  of  hospitality,  now 
very  rare,  except  among  the  grossest  com- 
munities. 

In  the  Arabian  province  of  Hedjaz  no 
unmarried  woman  may  pass  within  the 
boundary  or  enter  the  mosque.  As,  how- 
ever, many  rich  old  widows  and  persons 
whose  husbands  have  died  by  the  way 
arrive  with  every  pilgrim  caravan,  some 
device  is  necessary  to  procure  them  admis- 
sion without  breaking  the  law.  A  number 
of  men,  therefore,  live  in  the  frontier  towns, 
who,  upon  the  arrival  of  every  concourse, 
hire  themselves  out  to  the  women,  marry 
them,  live  with  them  while  they  pass 
through  the  sacred  territory,  receive  a 
munificent  sum  for  their  services,  and  are 
then  divorced.  If  one  of  these  individuals 
chooses  to  insist  on  keeping  the  wife  he  has 
procured,  she  cannot  help  it ;  but  such  an 
act  would  be  attended  with  great  discredit 
and  the  loss  of  a  very  profitable  occupation. 
Eight  hundred  men  are  sometimes  employed 
as  temporary  husbands,  and  a  number  of 
boys  are  continually  trained  that  they  may 
inherit  the  calling.  On  the  various  roads 
to  the  shrine  of  Mecca  congregate  a  num- 
ber of  women,  with  somewhat  of  a  sacred 
character  attached  to  them.  They  are 
prostitutes,  but  not  indiscriminate  in  their 


connections,  since  they  offer  to  bear  to 
wealthy  pilgrims  children,  who  are  con- 
sidered as  born  under  a  fortunate  auspice. 
Among  the  Merehedes,  on  the  frontiers 
of  Yemen,  a  custom  far  more  revolting  has 
existed  from  ancient  time,  and  still  prevails. 
A  stranger  arriving  as  a  guest  is  com- 
pelled to  pass  the  night  with  the  wife  of 
his  host,  whatever  her  age  or  condition. 
Should  he  succeed  in  pleasing  her  he  is 
honourably  treated.  If  not,  she  cuts  off  a 
piece  of  his  garment,  turns  him  out  into 
the  village,  and  leaves  him  to  be  driven 
away  in  disgrace.  When  the  Wahabis 
conquered  the  Merehedes,  they  forced  them 
to  abandon  this  odious  practice ;  but  some 
misfortunes  ensuing  to  the  tribe,  they  were 
all  imputed  to  this  sacrilegious  infringe- 
ment of  an  ancient  law.  The  custom  was 
therefore  restored.  Some  other  female  of 
the  family,  may,  however,  be  substituted 
for  the  wife,  but  young  virgins  are  never 
sacrificed  to  this  barbarous  hospitality  *. 

Of  Prostitution  in  Turkey. 

There  is  one  general  system  of  manners 
pervading  the  Mohammedan  world.  In 
examining,  therefore,  the  moial  aspects  of 
the  various  countries  in  which  the  religion 
of  the  Prophet  is  established,  we  find  little 
in  each  to  distinguish  it  from  the  rest.  In 
Turkey  exists  the  same  civilization  as  in 
Egypt,  though  its  population  is  more  cor- 
rupt. 25,000,000  souls  inhabit  a  region 
which  would  support  twice  as  many,  and 
yearly  the  work  of  decay  is  going  on. 

The  Osmanlis,  a  race  of  Scythian  extrac- 
tion, have  held  Turkey  during  400  years,  re- 
ceiving, however,  large  infusions  of  Persian 
and  Mongolian  blood.  The  v/ealthier  people 
their  harems  with  the  beauties  of  Georgia 
and  Circassia ;  the  humbler  intermarry  with 
Servians,  Bulgarians,  Albanians,  and  Greeks, 
so  that  the  original  physical  characteristics 
of  the  race  have  been  greatly  modified. 
Their  moral  nature  has  changed  also,  but 
in  a  less  degree.  Proud,  sensual,  and 
depraved  in  their  tastes,  they  are  too  indo- 
lent to  acquire  even  the  means  of  gratify- 
ing their  most  powerful  cravings.  Their 
pride  is  satisfied  with  the  recollection  of 

*  Niehuhr's  Description  de  I'Arabie ;  Burck- 
hardt's  Travels  in  Arabia;  Biirckhardt's  Notes  on 
the  Bedouins,  &c.  ;  Chesney's  Euphrates  Expe- 
dition; Farren's  Letters  to  Lord  Lindsay; 
Terrier's  Syrie  sous  Mehemet  Ali ;  Skinner's 
Overland  Journey  ;  Kinnear's  Cairo,  Petra, 
and  DaiTiascus  ;  Kelly's  Syiia  and  the  Holy 
Land  ;  Walpole's  Memoirs  ;  Poujolat's  Voyage  en 
Orient ;  Ainsworth's  Travels  in  Asia  Minor ; 
Blondcl's  Deux  Ans  en  Syrie. 


15G 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


former  glories ;  their  lust  looks  forward  to 
the  enjoyments  of  paradise,  crowded,  as 
they  believe,  with  celestial  creatures  de- 
voted to  the  delight  of  their  senses.  Im- 
mersed in  an  atmosphere  of  epicurean 
speculation,  the  Turk  wiiom  poverty  does 
not  compel  to  labour  for  his  ))rcad  passes 
the  day  in  lounging  on  cushions,  smoking, 
sipping  coffee,  winking  with  half-closed 
eyes  on  the  landscape,  dreamily  indifferent 
to  all  external  objects.  Even  the  poor 
indulge  in  this  idleness.  They  measure 
out  the  amount  of  labour  sufficient  to  keep 
them  from  want,  and  spend  the  rest  of  their 
lives  drowsily  awaiting  the  sensual  bliss 
promised  them  by  their  prophet  in  heaven. 
During  this  lethargy  passions  more  violent 
than  are  known  to  Europeans  sleep  in 
their  breasts,  and  when  these  are  excited, 
the  Turk  cannot  be  surpassed  for  brutal 
fury.  All  his  ideas  are  gross.  He  is  able  to 
imagine  no  authority  not  armed  with  whip 
or  sword.  Moral  power  is  to  him  an  incom- 
prehensible idea.  It  is,  perhaps,  for  this 
reason  that  the  Osmanlis  have  conquered 
so  much,  and  possessed  so  little  talent  for 
governing  what  they  acquired. 

This  notice  of  the  Turkish  character  is 
necessary,  because  it  corresponds  exactly 
with  their  estimation  of  the  female  sex. 
The  person  alone  is  loved.  Intellect  in  a 
Turkish  woman  is  a  quality  rarely  deve- 
loped, because  never  prized.  It  is  no  part 
of  her  education  to  learn  to  read  or  write. 
To  adorn  herself,  to  dress  in  charming 
attire,  to  beautify  her  face,  to  perfume  her 
hair,  and  soften  her  limbs  in  the  bath  or 
with  fine  ointments,  is  the  object  to  which 
she  applies  her  mind;  and  when,  thus  deco- 
rated, she  lounges  on  a  pile  of  cushions  in 
the  full  splendour  of  her  costume,  her 
delight  is  some  spectacle  which  will  stimu- 
late her  passions  and  intoxicate  her  with 
excitement.  Turkey  is  thus  the  empire  of 
the  senses. 

Polygamy,  authorized  by  the  Prophet's 
code,  is  not  now  so  frequently  resorted  to  as 
formerly.  It  is  growing  into  disre})ute,  and 
the  female  sex,  upon  which  the  laws  i-e- 
lating  to  property  have  conferred  much 
independence,  are  generally  averse  to  it. 
Men  marrying  wives  equal  in  rank  to  them- 
selves frequently  engage  in  their  first 
marriage  contract  not  to  form  a  second, 
and  the  breach  of  this  agreement  is  viewed 
as  a  profligate  abuse  of  manners.  The 
practice  of  polygamy  was  once,  however, 
very  prevalent  among  the  higher  orders, 
and  contributed  much  to  corrupt  as  well  as 
to  diminish  the  population.  In  the  families 
of  those  Mohammedans  who  indulge  in  a 
plurality  of  wives,  the  children  are  fewer 


than  in  those  of  the  Greeks,  Armenians,  and 
Jews,  to  whom  polygamy  is  not  permitted. 

The  offspring  of  married  women,  also,  in 
the  middle  ranks  of  life  is  more  numerous 
than  in  the  wealthier  harems.  Indeed,  the 
sex  in  Turkey  is  naturally  prolific  ;  but 
the  growth  of  the  nation  has  been  checked 
by  this  among  other  causes.  To  account 
for  the  origin  of  the  practice  in  Turkey 
many  ingenious  theories  have  been  framed. 
It  appears  easy,  however,  to  find  its  origin. 
The  men  are  naturally  sensual,  and  have 
never  been  accustomed  to  respect  the  fe- 
male sex.  When,  therefore,  an  individual's 
wealth  allowed  him,  he  naturally  made  use 
of  it  to  multiply  the  sources  of  that  animal 
enjoyment,  dearer  to  him  than  any  other 
earthly  pleasure.  Some  have  supposed 
that  polygamy  Avas  necessitated  by  the  nu- 
merical disparity  of  the  sexes  ;  but  this 
does  not  seem  the  case.  In  those  cities 
and  towns  where  the  women  are  in  greater 
numbers  than  the  men,  we  find  that  they 
are  purchased  in  large  numbers  from  the 
neiohbourins:  villages  or  in  the  markets,  to 
furnish  the  harems  of  the  opulent. 

The  social  code  of  Turkey  requires  a 
woman  to  preserve  herself  in  strict  seclu- 
sion. The  privacy  of  her  apartments  is 
so  great  that,  unless  on  very  rare  occasions, 
no  male  is  allowed  to  enter  them  except 
the  master  of  the  house.  There  are  only 
certain  days  of  the  year  in  which  a  bro- 
ther, an  uncle,  or  a  father-in-law  can  be 
admitted,  or  on  festive  occasions,  such  as 
a  birthday  or  ceremony  of  circumcision. 

The  usages  of  the  country  do  not  even 
permit  a  man  to  see  his  wife  before  mar- 
riage. In  this  respect  the  Turks  are  more 
jealous  than  their  written  law,  for  the 
Prophet  advised  his  friend  to  obtain  a 
glimpse  of  the  Avoman  whom  he  designed 
to  receive  into  his  bed.  She  may  gratify 
her  curiosity  by  seeing  him,  but  such  an 
occurrence  is  not  frequent.  This  severe 
separation  of  the  sexes  has  given  employ- 
ment to  a  class  of  professional  match- 
makers, who,  as  in  China,  make  consider- 
able profits  by  their  calling,  and  often  gain 
money  under  fraudulent  pretences.  The 
beauty  and  temper  of  the  woman  are  ex- 
aggerated to  the  man,  who,  on  the  other 
hand,  is  described  to  the  lady  as  possessed 
of  every  heroic  qualification.  They  are 
mutually  deceived  ;  they  rush  into  a  mar- 
riage, and  perhaps  in  a  few  days  a  divorce 
is  required.  Children  of  three  or  four 
years  are  sometimes  betrothed,  and  married 
when  they  are  fourteen.  This  interference 
of  the  parents  leads  often  to  evil  results, 
for  the  youth,  Avho  is  forced  to  accept  his 
father's  choice,  sometimes  liatcs  his  bride 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


157 


before  he  sees  her,  and  resolves  to  take  a 
concubiue  as  soon  as  circumstances  permit. 
Each  family  deputes  an  agent  to  pro- 
mote   the    satisfactory    settlement  of   the 
transaction,  while  the  girl   herself,  under 
her  cloudy  veil,  sits  in  her  harem  to  await 
her  fate.     To  expose  her  face  to  a  strange 
man's  gaze  would  be  regarded  as  a  species 
of  prostitution.     Her  fortune  is,  therefore, 
decided  for  her.      The  terms  of  the  con- 
tract are  laid  down  in  a  document,  which 
is  signed  by  witnesses,  and  the  woman  is 
then  called  "  a  wife  by  writing."     This  is 
concluded  some  daj-s  before  the  actual  rite 
of  wedding  ;  but  the  vfhole  interval  is  oc- 
cupied   with    ceremonies,    rejoicing,    and 
liberal  displays  of  hospitality.     A  man  in 
Constantinople  usually  reckons  on  spend- 
ing a  year's  income  on  the  occasion  of  his 
marriage.      The    average    of   this,   in    the 
middle  ranks,  is  from  2000  to  2500  piastres. 
On  the  appointed  daj''  the  union,  which 
is  a  mere  civil  contract,  though  blessed  by 
religious   rites,   is  concluded.     The  bride- 
groom   is    conducted   by   an    Imaum,    or 
priest,  to  the  entrance  of  the  bride's  cham- 
ber,  and   there    a    prayer    is    uttered,  to 
which  all  his  friends  make  response.     He 
is  then  left    alone,   standing   outside    the 
door.     He  knocks  three  times.     A  slave- 
maid  admits  him,  going  out  herself  to  fetch 
a  table  with  a  tray  of  viands.     While  she 
is  gone  the  husband  endeavours  to  uncover 
his  wife's  face,  in  which,  after  the  usual 
coy  resistance  prescribed  by  custom,  he,  of 
course,  succeeds.     Meanwhile   the  damsel 
returns,  and  they  eat  together.     The  meal 
is  very  quickly  dispatched,  and  a  bridal 
couch  is   spread  on    the  floor.     Then    the 
bride  is  taken  into  a  neighbouring  room, 
where  she  is  undressed  by  her  mother  and 
her  friends,  after  which  the  newly-married 
pair  are  left  alone.     Among  the  most  popu- 
lar stories  connected  with  Ottoman  man- 
ners, is  that   of  the  sultan  throwing   his 
handkerchief  to  the  woman  he  chooses  as 
the  companion  of  his  pillow,  and  the  imi- 
tation  of  this   practice   by  great  men  in 
their  harems.     This,  however,  is  a  fanciful 
invention,  repeated  by  some  travellers  who 
desired  the  world  to  suppose  they  were  in- 
timate with   the    secrets   of    the   seraglio. 
When  the  sultan  chooses  any  one  of  his 
women  to  pass  the  night  with,  he  sends  an 
eunuch  with  a  present  to  inform  her  of  the 
intended  honour.     She  is  taken  to  a  bath, 
perfumed,   attired  in  beautiful   garments, 
and  then  placed  in  bed.     The  story  of  her 
creeping  in  at  the  foot  of  the  couch  is  also 
a  fable.     The  first  chosen  is  the  chief  in 
rank. 

The  first  of  these  fanciful  accounts  was 


j  probably  suggested  by  a  custom  still  prac- 
j  tised  among  some  of  the  Bosnian  commu- 
I  nities  in  western  Turkey,  where    manners 
!  are  more  simple  than  in  the  eastern  pro- 
!  vinces.     The  young  Muslim  girls  are  there 
permitted  to  walk  about  in  the  daytime 
with  uncovered  faces.     A  man  inclined  to 
matrimony  who  happens  to  be  pleased  with 
T-he  appearance  of    one  of   these  maidens 
throws  an    embroidered    handkerchief,  or 
some  part  of  his  dress,  over  her  head  or 
neck.     She  then  returns  to  her  home,  con- 
siders herself  betrothed,  and  never  again 
exposes  her  features  in  public.    This  is  the 
usual  preliminary  to  marriage  ;  but  it  is 
probable  that  the  lover  has  more  than  one 
look  at  his  mistress  before  he  makes  the 
sign. 

Even  the  sultan's  concubines  are  pur- 
chased slaves,  since  no  free  Turkish  wo- 
man can  occupy  that  position.  Occasion- 
ally he  gives  one  away  to  a  favourite 
pasha,  who  looks  with  pride  upon  the  ac- 
quisition, and  glories  in  the  refuse  of  a 
palace.  Little  girls,  about  seven  years  of 
age,  are  much  prized  as  slaves,  and  are 
often  sold  for  upwards  of  a  hundred  gui- 
neas. 

Life  in  the  harems  of  Constantinople  is 
similar  to  that  in  those  of  Cairo.  It  is  a 
round  of  sensual  enjoyment,  in  which 
vanity  is  almost  the  only  relief  to  the 
grosser  appetites  of  humanity.  The  bath 
is  the  favourite  place  of  resort.  Lady 
Wortley  Montague  has  left  a  celebrated 
description  of  one  of  these  palaces  of  indo- 
lence. The  ladies,  perfectly  naked,  walked 
up  and  down,  or  reclined  in  various  atti- 
tudes on  heaps  of  cushions,  attended  by 
pretty  slaves,  who  handed  them  coffee  or 
sherbet.  They  delighted  in  the  voluptuous 
movements  of  the  female  dancers,  of  which 
the  public  class  in  Turkey,  as  in  Egypt,  is 
composed  of  prostitutes.  It  struck  them 
v/itli  surprise  and  disappointment  that  Lady 
Mary  did  not  take  oil'  her  clothes  as  they 
did ;  but  she  showed  them  how  she  was 
cased  up  in  her  stays,  so  that  she  could  not 
strip,  which  they  imagined  was  an  ingenious 
device  of  her  jealous  husband. 

The  morals  of  the  Turkish  women  in 
general  are  described  by  most  writers  as 
very  loose.  The  veils  which  were  invented 
to  preserve  their  virtue,  favour  their  in- 
trigues to  dispose  of  it.  The  most  watchful 
husband  may  pass  his  wife  in  the  street 
without  knowing  her.  Thus  they  live  in 
perpetual  masquerade.  The  places  of  as- 
signment are  usually  at  Jews'  shops,  where 
they  meet  their  paramours,  though  very 
seldom  letting  them  know  who  they  are. 
"  You    may   easily   imagine,"    said    Lady 


158 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Montague,  "  the  number  of  faithful  wives 
to  be  very  small  in  a  country  where  they 
have  nothing  to  fear  from  a  lover's  indis- 
cretion." This  may  be  taken,  however,  as 
au  exaggerated  view,  for  her  ladyship  was 
accustomed  to  breathe  the  impure  moral 
atmosphere  of  courts,  and  cared  little 
for  the  character  of  her  sex  in  any  part 
of  the  world. 

The  wife  in  Turkey  holds  this  check  upon 
the  caprice  of  her  husband — her  property 
belongs  to  herself,  and  if  she  be  divorced 
she  may  take  it  away.  The  widow,  also,  is 
inviolable  in  her  harem,  not  only  against 
private  intrusion,  but  against  the  officers 
of  the  law.  If  a  woman's  husband  neglect 
her,  that  is,  if  he  fail  to  visit  her  once  a 
week,  she  may  sue  for  a  separation,  which 
may  be  easily  effected  before  a  Kadi.  If 
she  commit  adultery,  he  may  also  sue; 
but  if  the  divorce  takes  place  by  mutual 
consent  no  formality  whatever  is  required. 
As  in  Egypt,  a  man  may  marry  a  woman 
twice  after  divorcing  her;  but  the  third 
time  he  must  not  take  her  again,  until  she 
has  been  had  and  put  away  by  another 
person. 

Women,  in  Turkey,  regard  as  an  object 
more  pitiable  than  any  other  the  childless 
wife.  With  them  to  be  barren  after  mar- 
j  riage  is  viewed  as  more  disgraceful  than 
with  us  to  be  fruitful  before.  All  sorts  of 
quackeries  are  resorted  to  by  them  to  pro- 
long and  increase  their  powers  of  child- 
bearing,  so  that  many  kill  themselves  by 
the  dangerous  devices  they  employ.  It  is 
common  to  see  a  woman  who  has  borne 
thirteen  or  fourteen  children :  some  in  the 
middle  ranks  bear  from  25  to  30.  They 
pray  for  the  birth  of  twins,  and  are  usually 
good  mothers,  though  some  have  expressed 
themselves  indifferent  whether  all  their 
children  lived  or  half  of  them  were  swept 
off  by  the  plague.  The  single  instance  of 
superior  refinement  observable  in  Egypt 
is  also  remarkable  here.  Midwives  only 
attend  the  bed  of  child-birth.  There  are 
no  accoucheurs.  Female  practitioners  also 
cure  diseases;  though  an  European  phy- 
sician is  sometimes  admitted  to  feel  a  pulse 
or  even  to  see  a  patient's  face. 

Among  the  humbler  classes  the  condition 
of  the  women  resembles  very  nearly  that 
of  our  own  country.  Their  morality  is 
generally  superior  to  that  of  those  wealthier 
inmates  of  the  harems  whose  indolence 
seduces  them  into  vice. 

The  dancing  girls  of  the  public  class  of 
Turkey  resemble,  in  all  respects,  those  of 
Egypt.  They  are  prostitutes  by  profession  ; 
but  they  do  not  appear  to  be  so  numerous 
in  that  country  as  formerly.     Their  per- 


formances, however,  are  prized  by  all  classes, 
and  they  dance  as  lasciviously  in  the  harem 
before  women,  as  in  the  Kiosk  before  a 
party  of  convivial  men.  Those  who  per- 
form in  public  indulge  in  every  obscenity, 
and  vie  with  each  other  in  their  indecent 
exhibitions.  Their  costume  is  exceedingly 
rich  both  in  colour  and  in  material.  Fre- 
quenting the  coffee-houses  by  day,  they 
pick  up  companions,  whom  they  entertain 
with  songs,  or  tales,  or  caresses  until  night- 
fall, when  preliminary  orgies  take  place, 
and  they  disperse,  with  their  patrons,  to 
houses  in  various  parts  of  the  city,  gene- 
rally in  the  more  narrow,  tortuous,  and 
remote  streets.  The  outsides  of  these  habi- 
tations are  usually  of  a  forbidding,  cheer- 
less, dirty  aspect,  but  the  interior  of  those 
belonging  to  the  wealthier  chiefs  of  the 
dancing  girls  are  fitted  up  with  every 
appurtenance  of  luxury. 

One  of  the  most  extraordinary  features 
in  the  social  institutions  of  Turkey  is  the 
temporary  union,  or  marriage  of  conveni- 
ence, which  is  adopted  by  many.  It  is, 
indeed,  strictly  speaking,  simple  prostitu- 
tion. A  man  going  on  a  journey,  and 
leaving  his  wife  behind,  arrives  in  a  strange 
city,  where  he  desires  to  make  some  stay. 
He  immediately  bargains  for  a  girl  to  live 
with  him  while  he  remains  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood; a  regular  agreement  is  drawn 
up,  and  he  supports  her,  and  pays  her 
friends,  while  he  has  her  in  his  possession. 
The  Moolahs  declare  this  to  be  one  valu- 
able privilege  of  the  male  sex  in  Turkey ; 
but  the  engagement  does  not  appear  to  be 
valid  before  the  law,  if  contracted  expressly 
as  a  temporary  union.  But  this  is  not 
necessary.  The  facility  of  divorce  renders 
all  such  precaution  useless.  The  man, 
therefore,  takes  the  girl,  nominally  as  his 
wife,  but  virtually  as  his  mistress,  until 
he  is  tired  of  her,  or  wishes  to  depart,  when 
she  returns  to  her  friends  and  waits  the 
occasion  of  a  new  engagement. 

Such  is,  in  outline,  the  social  system  of 
Turkey  with  reference  to  the  female  sex*. 

Op  Prostitution  in  Circassia. 

A  PECULIAR  interest  attaches  to  the  nation 
inhabiting  that  isthmus,  with  its  stupend- 

*  Walpole's  Memoirs  of  Turkey ;  Deux  Annees 
a  Constantinople  ;  Walpole's  Travels  ;  Sketches 
of  Turkey  by  an  American ;  Castellan's  Moeurs 
des  Ottomanes ;  Macfarlane's  Constantinople  in 
1828  ;  Porter's  Philosophical  Transactions;  Lady 
M.  W.  Montague's  Letters ;  St.  John's  Notes ; 
Thornton  ;  Walsh  ;  Slade's  Travels  ;  Marshall  ; 
Marmont's  Turkey;  Arvieux's  Voyages;  lliissel's 
Aleppo,  &c. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


159 


ous  mountains,  which  forms  the  natural 
barrier  between  Asia  and  Europe;  and  is, 
perhaps,  still  the  least  known  region  in 
the  ancient  world.  The  Western  Caucasus 
comprehends  an  immense  district  com- 
mencing at  the  middle  Kuban,  and  ter- 
minating with  Georgia.  It  is  peopled  by 
various  tribes,  claiming  a  common  descent, 
and  governed  by  princes,  elders,  and  nobles. 
The  Circassians  are  a  brave  and  civilized, 
hospitable  and  courteous,  race,  resembling 
the  ancient  Swiss ;  and  they  present  a 
singular  system  of  manners  varying  con- 
siderably with  the  different  tribes. 

There  is  a  race,  known  as  the  Abassians, 
which  is  considered  the  aboriginal  nation 
of  the  Caucasus, — described  by  Strabo  as  a 
predatory  people, — pirates  at  sea,  robbers 
on  land  ;  characteristics  which  they  have 
to  this  day  preserved.  They  are,  however, 
in  other  respects,  virtuous,  dwelling  in 
fixed  habitations,  strangers  to  the  worst 
vices  of  civilized  life,  and  humble  in  their 
desires.  Their  religion,  a  compound  of 
Judaism,  Christianity,  and  Islamism,  per- 
mits polygamy;  but,  as  a  wife  is  expen- 
sive, they  are  usually  contented  with  one, 
who  is  more  the  companion  than  the  menial 
of  her  husband.  The  women  are  exceed- 
ingly industrious;  employing  themselves 
in  a  variety  of  pursuits,  and  tasking  them- 
selves far  more  than  is  essentially  necessary 
in  order  to  procure  ornamental  clothes.  To 
reward  them  for  this  they  are  allowed  full 
liberty,  are  free  in  their  social  intercourse, 
and,  if  they  wear  a  veil,  wear  it  only  to 
j  screen  their  complexions  from  the  sun. 
Their  costume  is  highly  elegant,  and  their 
state  is  indicated  by  the  colour  of  their 
trowsers — white  being  that  for  the  virgin, 
red  for  the  wife,  and  blue  for  the  widow. 

The  laws  these  people  have  made  to  pro- 
tect their  own  morals,  have,  in  some  de- 
gree, answered  their  purpose.  Illegitimate 
children  have  no  claim  to  a  share  of  the 
patrimony,  and  can  legally  claim  no  re- 
lationship with  any  one.  Should  they  be 
sold  as  slaves  there  is  no  one  bound  to 
ransom  ;  should  they  be  assassinated  there 
is  no  relative  expected  to  avenge  their 
death.  Nevertheless  the  inherent  kindness 
of  the  Abassians  mitigates  the  effect  of 
these  harsh  laws.  Illegitimate  children  are 
rarely  treated  ill,  and  their  legitimate 
brothers  often  make  with  them  a  voluntary 
partition  of  property. 

But  when  a  man  marries  a  barren  woman, 
he  is  allowed  to  take  a  concubine,  whose 
children  inherit  no  disability  on  this  ac- 
count. 

When  a  man  dies,  be  his  rank  what  it 
may,  the  social  law  confers  on  his  wife  the 


superintendence  of  the  household,  and  she 
administers  the  property  without  division 
until  her  death,  when  it  is  divided  among 
the  sons.  Should  any  of  the  daughters 
remain  unmarried,  their  eldest  brother  is 
bound  to  support  them  until  a  suitor  ap- 
pears, Avhen  he  may  make  as  good  a  bargain 
as  he  can. 

Severe  laws  have  been  enacted  against 
immorality.  The  man  detected  in  illicit 
intercourse  with  a  married  or  unmarried 
woman  is  tried  before  the  elders  of  the 
community,  who  rarely  fail  to  punish  him, 
either  by  a  fine  or  by  perpetual  banish- 
ment. The  dishonoured  wife  is  returned  to 
her  parents,  as  well  as  the  girl,  and  sold  as 
a  slave.  The  dowry  which  her  husband 
had  given  for  her  is  returned  to  him.  If 
the  guilt  have  happened  in  the  family  of  a 
prince,  it  can  only  be  washed  out  by  the 
blood  of  one,  if  not  both,  of  the  criminals. 
So  bitter,  indeed,  is  the  shame  which  such 
an  occurrence  brings  upon  a  house,  that 
they  who  have  been  so  disgraced  often 
retire  to  some  desolate  part  of  the  Caucasus, 
there  t'o  hide  themselves  from  the  obloquy 
which  ever  afterwards  attaches  to  their 
name. 

When  a  man  desires  to  divorce  his  wife, 
he  must  declare  before  a  council  of  elders 
the  reasons  for  such  a  step;  and  if  these 
be  not  perfectly  satisfactory  he  is  obliged 
to  pay  the  parents  of  the  women  a  sufia- 
cient  amount  to  recompense  them  for  the 
burden  thus  thrown  upon  their  hands. 
Should  the  woman,  however,  marry  again 
before  two  years  have  expired,  this  sum  is 
returned.  Frequently  a  maiden  having 
formed  some  romantic  attachment,  and 
hating  the  man  chosen  as  her  husband  by 
her  parents,  flies  alone  into  the  woods,  and 
hides  until  her  friends  proclaim  themselves 
willing  to  concede  her  desires.  Occasion- 
ally, also,  two  warriors  select  the  same  girl 
to  marry,  and  in  this  case  a  duel  is  fought 
— sometimes  with  fire-arms — the  victor  car- 
rying off  the  prize.  Similar  laws  and 
usages  prevail  among  the  Circassians,  ex- 
cept that  the  wealthier  men  among  them 
seclude  their  wives,  and  are  altogether 
more  Turkish  in  their  manners.  On  the 
whole,  however,  the  patriarchal  institutions 
of  this  singular  and  romantic  people  are 
admirable  for  the  efl'ect  they  produce, 
since  the  Circassians  and  Abassians  are 
exceedingly  pure  in  their  morality. 

Among  the  Circassians  themselves,  with 
the  exception  of  the  prouder  nobles,  women 
are  not  secluded.  The  wives  and  daughters 
of  a  house  are  often  introduced  to  the 
traveller,  and  unmarried  girls  are  fre- 
quently seen   at  public   assemblies.     One 


160 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


singular  custom,  however,  is  observed,  which 
is  that  the  husband  never  appears  abroad 
Avith  his  wife,  and  scarcely  ever  sees  her 
during  the  day.  This  is  not  from  neglect 
or  scorn,  but  in  accordance  with  ancient 
habits,  and  a  desire  to  prolong  the  first 
sentiments  with  which  the  bridegroom  ap- 
proaches his  bride. 

All  Circassian  women  wear,  until  they 
are  married,  a  tight  corset  of  leather,  which 
makes  their  complexion  sallow,  and  hurts 
the  ligure,  as  all  unnatural  compression 
does.  The  consequence  is,  that  the  young 
wives  are  infinitely  more  beautiful  than  the 
maidens  ;  and  the  charms  of  the  women  of 
this  race  are  celebrated  throughout  the 
world.  The  reason  assigned  for  this  strange 
custom  is,  that  it  is  shameful  for  a  virgin 
to  have  a  full  bosom.  When  a  girl  has 
been  chosen  and  purchased,  her  future 
husband  comes  to  the  house,  places  her  on 
horseback,  gallops  away,  and  conveys  her 
home.  Then,  when  all  the  people  are  sup- 
posed to  be  asleep,  the  bridegroom  first 
unloses  the  abominable  ligatures  which 
confiie  the  bosom  of  his  bride.  He  does 
not,  until  some  time  has  passed,  live  with 
her  openly. 

An  idea  prevails  among  the  vulgar  in 
Europe,  that  the  Circassians  sell  their 
daughters  as  slaves  to  any  Turk  or  Per- 
sian who  may  desire  to  buy  them.  This 
is  not  correct.  They  are  particularly 
careful  as  to  the  position  and  birth  of 
the  individual  who  desires  to  intermarry 
with  them,  and  the  sale  is  no  more  than 
takes  place  among  their  own  people,  as 
well  as  among  all  the  nations  inhabiting 
the  Caucasus.  Great  precautions  are 
taken  to  secure  the  happiness  of  the  girls, 
and  long  negotiations  frequently  produce 
no  bargain.  It  is  true  that  in  the  bazaars 
of  Constantinople,  and  the  principal  towns 
of  Asia  Minor  and  Persia,  numerous  girls 
are  sold  under  the  name  of  Circassians, 
but  they  are  mostly  Abassians,  or  the 
children  of  Circassian  peasants,  or  children 
ravished  from  the  neighbouring  Cossacks, 
or  slaves  procured  from  those  base  Cir- 
cassian traders  who  have  given  in  their 
adhesion  to  Prussia.  Many  of  the  girls, 
being  trained  to  such  ideas  from  child- 
hood,  prefer  the  Turkish  harem  to  the 
life  they  follow  among  their  native  hills. 
Some  come  back  after  having  obtained 
their  liberty,  and  bring  accounts,  in  the 
most  fluent  language,  of  the  voluptuous 
joys  they  have  indulged  in  in  their  luxuri- 
ous prisons ;  but  generally  the  race  is 
dearly  attached  to  its  freedom. 

Throughout  the  Caucasus  we  have  found 
a  high  scale  of  manners.      Prostitution,  as 


a  profession,  is  unknown.  In  one  of  the 
simple  tribes,  still  under  patriarchal  rule, 
a  girl  who  took  up  such  a  calling  would  be 
so  shunned  and  abhorred  by  the  rest  of  her 
countrywomen,  that  she  would  speedily 
be  compelled  to  fly  beyond  the  bounds  of 
their  territory,  that  is,  if  she  escaped  being 
sold  as  a  slave  or  put  to  death  by  her  in- 
dignant friends.  The  parental  authority, 
more  moral  than  legal,  is  a  great  check 
upon  profligacy,  since  a  man  of  whatever 
age,  if  he  have  a  father  living,  pays  obe- 
dience to  him,  and  fears  to  incur  his  re- 
proof. It  is  therefore  delightful  to  point 
out  a  country  surrounded  by  gross  and 
profligate  nations,  where  simplicity  of 
manners  still  prevails,  and  where  the 
female  sex  is  as  happy  and  as  highly  es- 
teemed as  it  is  modest,  chaste,  and  vir- 
tuous *. 

Of  Prostitution  among  the  Tartar 
Races. 

The  immense  region  of  Central  Asia,  little 
known  and  seldom  visited,  has  been  the 
cradle  of  great  nations,  which  have  exer- 
cised a  mighty  influence  on  the  fortunes 
of  the  world,  and  may  again  become  con- 
spicuous in  history.  It  is,  therefore,  inte- 
resting, as  well  as  important,  to  inquire 
into  the  characteristics  of  the  populations 
which  still  cling  to  its  soil.  They  are  di- 
vided under  many  names,  and  among  the 
most  remarkable  are  the  hordes  of  Kirghiz 
Kazaks,  who  wander  between  the  borders 
of  the  Caspian  Sea  on  the  west,  and  the 
fortified  line  which  forms  the  southern 
frontier  of  the  Russian  Empire.  On  the 
east  it  is  divided  by  a  similar  chain  of 
posts  from  the  Chinese  dominions,  but  to- 
wards the  south  the  limits  of  their  wan- 
derings are  unknown.  Over  this  vast 
steppe  a  various  climate  prevails  ;  but  the 
whole  is  particularly  marked  by  extremes 
of  heat  and  cold,  while  the  soil  is  com- 
posed of  alternate  deserts  of  sand  find 
pasture,  where  rain  during  the  greater 
part  of  the  year  is  exceedingly  scanty.  A 
.short  and  delicious  spring,  a  burning  and 
dry  summer,  a  short  and  miserable  au- 
tumn, which  speedily  darkens  into  a  long, 
l)itter,  and  gloomy  winter — such  are  the  in- 
fluences to  which  these  hordes  are  subject. 
Forests,  patches  of  green,  salt  lakes, 
springs  and  rivers  of  fresh  water,  a  fcAV 
rich  valleys,  and  some  rocky  hills,  vary  the 
aspect  of  the   wilderness    which   is    their 

*  Spenser's  Western  Caucasus;  Klaproth's 
Voj'ages  dans  le  Caucase;  Spenser's  Travels  in 
Circassia;  Wilbraham's  Travels;  Marigny'a 
Tliree  Voyages. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


161 


liome  ;  but  generally  it  is  a  blank  and  mo- 
notonous waste.  All  these  circumstances 
are  enumerated,  as  they  may  be  supposed 
to  have  formed,  or  at  least  to  have  modi- 
fied, the  character  of  the  Kirghiz  Kazaks. 
They  are  divided  into  three  principal 
hordes — the  Great,  the  Lesser,  and  the 
Little — amounting  altogether  to  from 
2,000,000  to  2,400,000  souls.  Engaged  per- 
petually in  wandering  from  place  to  place, 
they  have  nevertheless  certain  spots,  be- 
longing by  prescriptive  rights  to  particular 
tribes,  where  they  encamp  for  the  coldest 
months  of  the  winter.  Their  manners 
afford  a  faithful  picture  of  the  ancient  pa- 
triarchal life,  not,  indeed,  the  poetical  life 
of  Arcadia  and  the  pastures  of  Israel,  but 
that  of  the  Scythians,  as  represented  by 
Herodotus,  or  the  Bedouins  in  their  origi- 
nal simplicity.  Forming  a  nation  of  shep- 
herds, they  appear  to  live  only  on  and  for 
their  flocks,  accustoming  themselves  little 
to  the  use  of  arms,  and,  though  perpetually 
on  horseback,  seldom  engaging  in  the  chase. 
They  dwell  in  huts  or  temporary  habita- 
tions of  strong  v/ickerwork,  covered  in 
with  fleeces  ;  and  in  the  interior  of  these 
singular  habitations  much  comfort,  ele- 
gance, and  even  sumptuous  luxury  may 
often  be  found.  Nevertheless  they  are  a 
robust,  hardy  race,  possessing  very  indis- 
tinct ideas  of  property,  and,  though  ad- 
dicted to  sensual  enjoyments,  long  lived, 
and  seldom  visited  by  epidemic  diseases, 
except  when  the  small-pox  is  brought 
among  them  from  Siberia. 

Their  manners  with  respect  to  the  cha- 
racter and  treatment  of  the  female  sex  are 
simple,  but,  in  comparison  with  other  pas- 
toral races,  somewhat  coarse.  In  costume 
the  woman  differs  little  from  the  man. 
Both  men  and  women  adorn  themselves 
with  ornaments  of  silver,  gold,  or  coral,  or 
even  pearls  and  other  gems,  and  in  this 
reciprocal  display  of  vanity  we  discover  a 
token  of  equality  between  the  sexes.  It  is 
difficult  to  ascertain  the  religion  of  these 
hordes,  but  it  is  apparently  a  crude  mix- 
ture of  Mohammedanism  and  Paganism. 
The  Muslims  have  attempted  to  dissemi- 
nate their  doctrines  widely,  but  few  of  the 
Prophet's  laws  have  been  accepted  so  rea- 
dily as  that  which  allows  a  plurality  of 
wives — which  the  Kirghiz  indulge  in 
whenever  they  can  afford  the  amount  to  be 
paid  for  a  bride  according  to  the  usages  of 
their  nation. 

The  Kirghiz  are  immoderately  addicted 
to  voluptuous  pleasures,  and  are  extremely 
idle.  It  is  curious  to  remark,  however, 
that  while  the  men  are  distinguished  by 
their  indolence,  the  women  are  fond  of  ex- 


ertion, occupying  themselves,  as  much 
from  inclination  as  from  necessity,  with 
the  affairs  of  the  household,  with  attend- 
ance on  the  flocks,  and  with  the  manufacture 
of  garments.  Their  recompense  is  to  be 
treated  as  servitors  by  masters  who  are 
sometimes  proud  and  harsh;  but  the  la- 
bour of  the  women  is  not  compulsory,  nor 
are  they  shut  up  in  harems,  or  forbidden  to 
mix  with  the  other  sex.  The  seclusion  of 
females,  indeed,  is  not  a  custom.  Their 
manner  of  living  exposes  them  to  every 
temptation  ;  jealousy  has  little  power  to 
watch,  and  the  wife's  virtue  is,  for  the 
most  part,  left  to  guard  itself. 

Though,  as  we  have  said,  the  Kirghiz, 
when  they  are  rich  enough,  eagerly  avail 
themselves  of  the  privilege  of  polygamy, 
few  possess  wealth  enough  to  enable  them 
to  marry  more  than  one  wife.  This  cir- 
cumstance prevents  them  from  indulging 
in  that  pride  which  impels  a  man  to  shut 
up  the  partner  of  his  pillow  from  every 
eye  but  his  own.  They  who  have  seraglios 
must  follow  a  steady  and  uniform  course  of 
life.  The  Tartar's  tent  offers  few  obst  icles 
to  curiosity  or  intrigue.  Turks  and  'Per- 
sians who  keep  a  harem  usually  possess 
slaves  also,  whose  labour  permits,  their 
mistresses  to  lounge  idly  on  silken!  cush- 
ions ;  but  as  the  Kirghiz  loves  to  be  indo- 
lent, he  is  constrained  to  let  his  wife  be  as 
active  as  she  pleases,  and  is  never  so  happy 
as  when  she  saves  him  the  trouble  of 
moving  from  his  couch,  by  going  every- 
where and  doing  everything  herself.  But 
on  horseback  he  is  proud  of  motion,  which 
accounts  partly  for  the  migratory  habits  of 
the  hordes,  though  the  nature  of  their  country 
is  the  chief  cause  of  their  nomade  manner 
of  life.  Women  consequently  enjoy  their 
liberty,  and  to  their  love  of  industry  they 
join  a  goodness  of  heart  and  a  warmth  of 
affection  which  extort  praises  from  many 
travellers. 

The  great  check  upon  polygamy  is,  as 
we  have  noticed,  the  cost  of  the  Kalyms, 
which  is  to  be  paid  for  every  woman.  This 
price  varies  in  amount,  from  five  or  six 
sheep,  and  occasionally  less  among  the 
poor,  to  200  or  500  or  even  1000  horses 
among  the  rich.  To  these  are  added  differ- 
ent household  effects,  with,  on  rare  occa- 
sions, a  few  slaves,  male  or  female.  Out  of 
these  payments  a  considerable  share  goes 
to  the  Mohammedan  Moolahs  who  frequent 
the  steppes,  and  who  are  attracted  thither 
no  less  by  their  profitable  occupation  of 
marrying  the  people  than  by  religious  zeal. 
The  Kalym  increases  with  the  number  of 
wives.  The  second  costs  more  than  the 
first,  and  the  third  than  the  second,  and  so 


M 


162 


LONDOUT  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


forili,  ■which  enables  none  but  a  very  Avealthy 
man  to  keep  a  harem.  The  khan  of  the 
Little  Horde,  who  was  lord  over  nearly 
1,000,000  men,  had  sixteen  or  seventeen 
"wives,  besides  fifteen  concubines,  "whose 
offspring,  however,  were  all  on  an  equality. 
This  patriarch  had  42  sons  and  about  34 
daughters.  Young  men  usually  take  their 
first  wife  not  according  to  their  own 
choice,  but  under  their  father's  direction. 
As  to  girls  they  are  always  under  their 
parents'  control,  and  many  are  atfianced 
during  infancy. 

The  first  arrangement  made  when  a 
marriage  is  in  contemplation  is  to  fix  the 
amount  of  the  kalym,  and  the  date  on 
which  it  is  to  be  paid.  These  preliminaries 
concluded,  the  Moolah  consecrates  the 
transaction  by  asking  three  times  of  the 
parents  of  the  bride  and  those  of  the  bride- 
groom, "Do  you  consent  to  the  union  of 
your  children  ? "  and  reading  prayers  for 
the  happiness  of  the  married  couple.  Wit- 
nesses and  arbitrators  are  then  chosen,  who 
may  decide  future  disputes,  should  any 
such  arise,  and  the  nuptials  are  terminated 
by  a  feast  and  various  kinds  of  merry- 
making. The  man  then  begins  to  pay  a 
kalym,  or  else  his  father  does  this  on  his 
behalf ;  and  the  parents  of  the  girl  occupy 
themselves  with  getting  ready  a  trousseau 
for  their  daughter — among  the  articles  of 
which  it  is  essentially  requisite  to  include 
the  tent  which  the  bride  is  to  occupy  when 
she  is  finally  delivered  over  to  her  husband. 
While  the  kalym  remains  unpaid  the 
marriage  is  suspended ;  though  the  bride- 
groom may  pay  visits  to  the  maiden  he 
has  chosen,  and  even  live  with  her,  pro- 
vided he  engages  not  to  take  away  her 
chastity. 

Among  some  tribes  these  preliminary 
meetings  are  conducted  with  much  cere- 
mony ;  in  all  they  are  often  the  first  inter- 
views which  the  husband  has  with  the 
■'voman  who  is  to  be  his  wife.  When  on«e, 
nowever,  a  part  of  the  required  amount  is 
paid,  neither  can  retract  without  disgrace. 
Ruptures,  indeed,  rarely,  if  ever,  take 
place;  partly  because  no  young  girl  dare 
to  assert  a  will  of  her  OAvn,  and  partly 
because  the  man  does  not  care  to  rebel 
against  a  union  which  he  is  free  to  break 
when  he  desires. 

Frequently,  however,  the  bride  and  bride- 
groom, during  their  preliminary  visits,  an- 
j  ticipate  the  final  nuptial  ceremony;  in 
which  case  this  is  usually  hastened,  though 
the  whole  amount  of  kalym  may  not  have 
been  paid.  They  arc  led,  richly  clothed  if 
possible,  into  a  tent,  where  various  rites 
are  performed.    The  husband  then  departs. 


but  immediately  comes  again  on  horseback 
and  demands  his  wife.  Her  parents  refuse 
to  yield  her,  when  he  enters,  bears  her  off" 
by  force,  places  her  across  his  saddle,  and 
gallops  away  to  his  tent,  which  during 
many  hours  after  is  sacred  against  ail 
intruders.  This  custom,  however,  is  not 
universal. 

If  a  man  finds  his  wife  not  to  be  a 
virgin,  he  may  disgrace  her,  send  her  home, 
and  demand  from  her  father  the  restitution 
of  the  kalym,  or  one  of  his  other  daughters 
who  happens  to  be  chaste,  without  pay- 
ment. 

As  every  woman  brings  with  her  dowry 
a  new  tent,  so  each  wife,  when  a  man  has 
more  than  one,  dwells  in  a  separate  habita- 
tion. The  first  is  styled  the  "  rich  vafe," 
and  exercises  superior  authority  over  all 
the  rest.  Though  she  may  have  disgusted 
her  husband,  he  is  bound  to  distinguish 
her  by  respect ;  while  the  others,  entirely 
equal  among  themselves,  remain  always  in 
a  certain  dependence  on  her.  Prudent 
husbands  divide  even  the  flocks  belonging 
to  the  different  women,  that  the  children 
of  each  may  justly  inherit  her  property. 
The  chief  wife  may  quit  her  husband,  if 
she  can  show  any  grave  cause  for  separa- 
tion, and  return  to  her  parents,  but  the 
others  have  not  that  privilege. 

The  manners  of  the  Kirghiz  women  are 
in  general  simple  and  courteous ;  and  the 
conduct  of  the  men  towards  them,  though 
often  rude,  gross,  and  contemptuous,  is 
frequently  also  polite  and  deferential. 
The  love  songs  of  the  desert  are  some  of 
them  exceedingly  poetical  ;  and  the  pic- 
tures drawn  by  Tartar  improvisatoris  of 
their  mistresses  are  full  of  passion  and 
adulation. 

A  man  may  kill  his  wife  if  he  find  her 
actually  committing  adultery,  but  not 
otherwise.  A  fine  is  the  usual  punishment 
of  the  adulterer ;  while  the  woman  may  be 
divorced,  or  chastised  in  various  ways. 

Generally  the  morals  of  the  Kirghiz 
Kazaks  are  good.  Chastity  in  their  women 
is  highly  prized — its  loss  entailing  disgrace ; 
but  as  numbers  of  the  men  are  extremely 
sensual,  many  prostitutes  may  usually  be 
found  in  each  camp,  though  not  so  many 
as  some  appear  to  imagine.  They  live 
usually  in  companies,  resembling  the  class 
of  suttlers  in  European  armies ;  though 
some  of  superior  fortune  inhabit  separate 
tents,  and  live  in  ease  and  plenty. 

Among  the  Nogay  Tartars,  who  are  also 
nomades,  the  custom  prevails  of  a  man 
serving  his  father-in-law  for  a  certain  num- 
ber of  years.  AVith  them  the  weaker  is 
absolutely   the   property   of    the   stronger 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


W. 


sex,  and  all  contracts  are  transactions  of 
sale.  The  father  sells  his  daughter,  the  bro- 
ther his  sister,  and  girls  are  considered 
part  of  an  inheritance  as  much  a-s  flocks 
and  herds,  and  are  equally  divided  among 
the  sons.  The  value  of  a  woman  is  mea- 
sured in  cows;  five  being  the  cost  of  an 
inferior,  and  thirty  of  a  superior  one.  The 
man,  however,  though  obliged  to  buy,  is 
not  allowed  to  sell  his  wife.  If  she  trans- 
gress beyond  his  patience  he  turns  her  out 
of  the  dwelling,  and  she  returns  to  her 
parents,  who  seldom  fail  to  receive  her 
kindly.  Divorce  is  permitted,  but  is  so 
costly  that  few  resort  to  it.  When  a  wife 
leaves  her  husband  against  his  consent  he 
may  demand  her  back ;  but  if  she  mean- 
while commit  adultery  or  theft,  her  parents 
must  restore  the  kalym  which  was  origi- 
nally paid  for  her,  and  she  becomes  so  infa- 
mous that  only  the  poorest  man  will  buy  her. 
The  rich  are  poiygamists ;  and  as  the 
sexes  are  about  equal  in  point  of  numbers, 
many  of  the  poor  cannot  get  a  wife  of  any 
kind.  The  woman  is  not  allowed  to  eat 
with  her  husband ;  and  if  she  expect  para- 
dise, it  is  with  the  understanding  that  she 
is  to  dwell  there  as  a  servitor.  Marriages 
are  not  fruitful,  and  the  population  is 
regularly  decreasing. 


The  Russians  have  introduced  into  the 
country  certain  virulent  diseases,  which 
aid  rapidly  to  thin  the  people,  who  them- 
selves have  lost  much  in  morality.  Wher- 
ever they  have  large  encampments,  and 
settle  for  the  winter,  numbers  of  prostitutes 
spring  up  among  them,  not  indeed  entirely 
addicted  and  altogether  destined  to  that 
calling,  but  employing  it  as  a  means  of 
gain,  and  living  on  its  wages  for  a  shorter 
or  a  longer  period 

Prostitution,  which  is  unknown  among 
the  pastoral  tribes  of  Arabia,  is,  in  fact, 
very  prevalent  among  some  of  the  shepherd 
communities  inhabiting  the  Tartar  steppes. 
There  are  two  classes  of  women  who  betake 
themselves  to  it — widows  and  divorced  wo- 
men— who,  having  no  independent  means 
of  subsistence,  hire  out  their  persons  under 
a  sort  of  necessity,  and  linger  through  a 
miserable  remnant  of  life,  in  dirt,  rags, 
and  contempt ;  and  a  few  who  addict  them- 
selves to  prostitution  simply  under  the 
impulse  of  a  profligate  disposition.  On 
the  whole,  however,  the  morality  of  Tartars 
is  of  a  superior  character  ^. 

*  Levchine's  Les  Kirghiz  Kazaks ;  Spencer's 
Travels  ;  Klaproth's  Travels,  &c.,  &c. 


OF    THE    MIXED    NORTHERN    NATIONS. 


Introductory. 

Pursuing  our  inquiries  among  the  northern 
races,  to  the  very  extreme  of  Polar  cold, 
we  discover  many  interesting  peculiarities. 
Perhaps,  however,  the  most  important  result 
of  our  research  is  the  establishment  of  the 
fact,  that  the  popular  idea  is  in  great 
measure  erroneous,  of  hot  countries  having 
the  most  licentious  population.  Climate, 
indeed,  may  by  fine  degrees  influence  the 
temperament  of  men  ;  but  the  conspicuous 
truth  evolved  from  all  our  investigations 
has  been  that  the  manners  of  nations  are 
regulated  by  their  moral  education,  and 
not  by  the  thermometer. 

In  Egypt,  India,  Persia,  and  the  other  hot 
regions  of  the  African  and  Asiatic  continents, 
there  prevails  a  voluptuous  spirit ;  but  in 
Russia,  in  Siberia,  among  the  Greenlanders, 
and  the  tribes  of  the  snowy  deserts  in  the 
utmost  north,  equal  sensuality  is  to  be 
discovered.    In  the  warm  and  happy  plains 


of  Arabia,  in  the  sultry  champagnes  of 
various  parts  of  the  East,  we  find  shepherd 
communities  with  manners  most  pure  and 
simple,  and  we  find  the  same  among  many 
roving  nations  in  the  cold  of  Tartary  and 
Siberia.  The  languor  and  indolence  engen- 
dered by  a  fervent  climate  may,  indeed, 
induce  a  thirst  for  exciting  pleasure ;  but  : 
the  rigour  and  inclemency  of  the  north 
appear  equally  to  dispose  men  to  take  refuge 
in  sensual  gratification.  Ispahan  was  never 
more  licentious  than  St.  Petersburgh  50 
years  ago ;  nor  are  the  debauchees  in  the 
burning  atmosphere  of  Africa  more  gross 
and  indiscriminate  in  their  pursuit  of  animal 
delights  than  many  tribes  of  Esquimaux, 
buried  though  they  be  among  the  frosts  of 
an  eternal  winter. 

Thus  climate  appears  to  exert,  at  least, 
far  less  influence  than  is  popularly  im- 
agined. The  horrible  orgies  of  the  Areois, 
in  the  voluptuous  islands  of  the  Pacific, 
were  rivalled  and  surpassed  by  the  Physical 


M  2 


164 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Societies  of  Moscow  ;  nor  are  the  revels  of 
Southern  India  more  profligate  than  those 
enacted  among  the  snowy  solitudes  of 
Siberia.  Indeed,  among  the  Hindus,  we 
have  never  found  perpetrated,  even  by  the 
lowest  class,  depravities  more  vile  than 
those  we  have  discovered  among  tribes  in 
Kamschatka  and  other  parts  of  the  Arctic 
regions. 

One  circumstance,  however,  appears  to 
be  undeniable.  The  temperament  of  Asiatics 
is  more  easily  inflamed  than  that  of  northern 
races.  Their  mind  is  more  active,  their 
fancy  more  busy,  their  imagination  more 
creative.  They  give  even  to  their  vices  a 
picturesque  colour,  quality,  and  configura- 
tion, whereas  the  voluptuaries  of  cold  coun- 
tries are  dull  and  drowsy  sensualists, 
without  a  tinge  of  poetry  in  their  composi- 
tion. For  this  reason  the  ardent  passions 
of  the  East  have  been  celebrated  in 
romance  and  history,  while  the  slothful 
sensuality  of  the  North  has  been  neglected 
and  forgotten.  The  world  consequently 
has  heard  much  of  the  one,  and  little  or 
nothing  of  the  other;  and  in  course  of  time, 
by  a  very  natural  process,  has  imagined 
that  the  burning  climates  of  Asia  represent 
the  passions  of  its  inhabitants,  while  the 
snows  of  the  opposite  regions  of  Polar  cold 
are  characteristic  of  their  purity  and  free- 
dom from  the  dross  of  vice. 

This  idea,  which  we  confess  we  once  shared 
with  the  rest  of  the  public,  has  been  dissi- 
pated in  our  minds  by  the  inquiries  we  have 
made.  The  sensuality  of  the  East  is  more 
striking,  more  conspicuous,  more  celebrated, 
because  it  has  been  dressed  by  history  and 
fable  in  more  attractive  forms,  while  that 
of  the  North  is  forgotten,  because  it  has 
presented  no  theme  for  declamation  or 
romance.  But  the  people  of  the  one  re- 
semble very  much  the  people  of  the  other  ; 
and  even  in  the  South,  among  the  old  and 
decaying  nations  of  Europe,  the  same  truth 
is  discovered.  Spain  and  Italy  are  supposed 
to  be  the  cradles  of  voluptuous  sentiment ; 
but  history  shows  how  they  have,  in  the 
manners  of  their  people,  passed  from  grada- 
tion to  gradation,  from  variety  to  variety, 
while  their  climate  has  remained  perpe- 
tually the  same.  Nature  alters  in  nothing, 
but  civilization  is  in  continual  change  ;  and 
Rome,  which  was  the  sanctuary  of  female 
virtue  in  the  heroic  times  of  the  Republic, 
is  now^  like  Babylon,  a  city  where  adultery 
is  licensed,  and  profligacy  has  the  encourage- 
ment of  the  law. 

Manners  in  Russia  appear  also  to  have 
passed  through  a  considerable  change  since 
the  days  of  the  Empress  Catherine.  When 
it  becomes  civilized,  it  will,  probably,  im- 


prove still  further.  Its  manners  are  now 
gross  and  profligate  in  the  extreme,  which 
in  servile  populations  is  invariably  the 
case ;  but  they  have  undergone  considerable 
ameliorations  since  the  close  of  the  last 
century.  In  the  neighbouring  and  kindred 
regions  of  Siberia,  alterations  appear  only 
in  those  parts  where  a  congregation  of 
tribes  has  taken  place,  and  the  ruder  are 
giving  way  to  the  more  refined  forms  of 
society.  Throughout  the  North,  indeed,  as 
much  variety  appears  as  in  the  East,  and 
communities  dwelling  under  the  same  tem- 
perature, present  a  perfect  contrast  in  their 
morals  and  customs. 

In  Finland  a  very  extraordinary  state  of 
manners  still  prevails.  A  recent  traveller 
afibrds  a  curious  illustration  of  this,  show- 
ing how  the  ideas  of  decency  in  various 
countries  are  modified  by  habit.  He  went 
to  a  bath,  and  when  conducted  into  a  pri- 
vate chamber,  found  to  his  astonishment  a 
tall  handsome  girl  ready  to  attend  him. 
She  exhibited  the  utmost  coolness  and 
indifierence,  stripped  ofi"  all  his  clothes, 
and  rubbed  him  with  herbs  from  head  to 
foot  as  though  he  had  been  a  mere  log  of 
wood,  bathed  him,  laid  him  on  his  face, 
scourged  him  with  a  bundle  of  twigs,  until 
he  broke  out  into  copious  perspiration,  dried 
him  with  towels,  and  all  the  while  appeared 
utterly  unconscious  that  her  task  was  in- 
consistent with  modesty  or  decent  manners. 
In  many  parts  of  the  North  it  is  customary, 
as  in  some  places  in  the  East,  and  in  the 
heroic  ages  in  Greece,  for  the  maidens  of 
the  house  to  attend  a  guest  to  his  bed- 
chamber, and  assist  in  disposing  him  in 
comfort  for  the  night.  These  practices  do 
not  in  all  countries,  and  at  all  times,  illus- 
trate the  same  national  characteristics. 
They  belong  on  the  contrary  to  two  extremes 
of  social  development.  They  indicate 
either  a  perfect  simplicity  or  a  total  cor- 
ruption of  manners.  It  was  genuine  purity 
of  mind  and  unsuspecting  innocence  of 
character  that  is  represented  in  the  virgin 
who  attended  Ulysses  to  the  bath ;  but  it 
was  the  vilest  sensuality  and  brutality  of 
manners  that  allowed  the  Roman  Emperor 
of  later  days  to  be  bathed  and  dressed  by 
women. 

Consequently  in  passing  from  the  semi- 
civilized  nations,  through  the  races  of  the 
North,  to  the  educated  communities  of 
Christendom,  we  proceed  without  the 
theory  of  measuring  a  country's  manners 
by  its  geographical  position.  If  it  be  civi- 
lized, it  will  be  moral ;  but  civilization  is 
a  false  name  when  it  is  applied  to  a  cor- 
rupt and  enervated  society.  Art  and  luxury 
arc  not  its  highest  evidences;  but  virtue 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


165 


and  obedience  to  the  exalted  maxims  of 
ethical  philosophy. 

Op  Prostitution  in  Russia. 

Russia,  included  by  courtesy  among  civi- 
lized states,  retains  strong  traces  of  its 
original  barbarism.  ResemJjling  China  in 
its  system  of  government,  it  resembles  it 
also  in  manners.  What  is  admirable  in  its 
social  characteristics  arises  from  the  na- 
tural good  qualities  of  the  people,  who, 
notwithstanding  a  despotism  which  has 
wanted  no  feature  to  degrade  them,  please 
the  traveller  by  a  display  of  many  signs  of 
good  disposition. 

Russia  resembles  Asia  in  the  indolence 
and  apathy  of  its  population.  In  the  one 
region  nations  appear  to  have  been  ener- 
vated by  heat,  in  the  other  benumbed  by 
cold  into  a  torpid  submission  to  power. 
This  is  evident  from  the  state  of  public 
manners.  In  Russia  the  inquiry  is  not 
what  is  essentially  wrong,  but  what  is 
wrong  according  to  the  police ;  and  nothing 
else  is  condemned.  Abject  towards  their 
rulers,  they  assume  towards  others  the 
arrogance  of  slaves,  so  that  a  succession  of 
tyrants  may  be  said  to  exist  from  the  em- 
peror who  tramples  down  sixty  millions, 
to  the  peasant  who  oppresses  his  serving- 
boy. 

No  more  striking  proof  could  be  men- 
tioned of  the  fact  that  the  condition  and 
character  of  women  form  an  infallible 
measure  of  civilization,  than  the  state  of 
the  sex  in  Russia.  It  is  true  that  our 
knowledge  is  very  incomplete.  Most  tra- 
vellers who  have  written  on  that  country 
complain  how  difficult  it  is  to  describe  it 
well,  and  they  have  generally  verified  their 
remark ;  still  we  learn  enough  from  various 
authorities  to  enable  us  to  judge  in  a 
general  way  of  its  characteristics. 

Among  the  higher  classes  women  affect 
and  study  a  polish  and  refinement  of  man- 
ners, but  this  relates  chiefly  to  the  for- 
malities of  life.  They  dare  not,  under 
their  own  social  code,  make  an  inelegant 
salutation,  transgress  a  point  of  etiquette, 
ride  in  an  unfashionable  equipage,  or  con- 
verse in  a  vulgar  tone ;  but  they  may 
break  the  most  sacred  moral  laws,  may 
speak  openly  of  indecent  subjects,  and  may 
act  and  talk  in  a  way  which  a  modest 
English  lady  would  blush  to  think  of. 
The  position  they  hold  in  society  is  in 
accordance  with  this  view.  Formerly  mar- 
riage was  little  more  than  a  bond  between 
master  and  slave;  but  the  relation  has 
been,  in  that  respect,  improved.  Women 
are  to  a  certain  degree  independent,  but 


it  is  the  independence  of  neglect.  They 
lead,  in  a  word,  a  life  very  nearly  resem- 
bling that  of  fashionable  persons  in  our 
own  metropolis,  but  their  morals  are  not  to 
be  compared. 

Little  need  be  said  of  the  marriage  con- 
tract in  Russia,  since  it  is  under  the  laws 
of  the  Christian  church.  It  is,  however, 
necessary  to  mention  that  few  engagements 
occur  between  persons  mutually  united  by 
affection.  Interest  is  the  usual  tie;  and 
frequently  a  girl  is  taken  to  the  altar, 
where  her  appointed  husband  stands  be- 
fore her,  all  but  an  utter  stranger.  The 
ceremony  is  so  theatrical  that  it  wears  no 
solemnity  whatever.  It  is  a  drawing-room 
scene,  directed  by  priests ;  so  that  the  very 
seal  of  matrimony  is  of  such  a  kind  as  to 
impress  the  woman  with  no  idea  of  a  holy 
union.  The  wives  of  the  Russian  nobles 
have  accordingly  little  reputation  for  , 
fidelity  to  their  husbands  ;  a  characteristic 
observed  by  Clarke,  long  ago,  as  he  tra- 
velled, and  confirmed  by  Mr,  Thompson, 
who  wrote  a  year  or  two  since,  as  well  as 
by  many  other  writers.  Immorality  and 
intrigue  are  of  universal  prevalence,  from 
the  palace  to  the  private  house.  In  a  so- 
cial sense  they  are  scarcely  looked  upon  as 
offences.  The  husband  and  wife,  united 
by  a  bond,  not  of  affection  but  of  policy, 
look  on  each  other  from  the  first  with 
coldness  and  indifference.  Gradually  each 
withdraws  in  a  separate  circle  of  life,  and 
at  length  one  looks  without  much  care 
upon  the  guilt  of  the  other.  Before  mar- 
riage the  sexes  are  divided  by  etiquette, 
after  marriage  by  mutual  repulsion.  The 
women,  inferior  in  personal  attractions,  but 
superior  in  manner  and  acquirements  to 
the  men,  receive  from  them  little  respect ; 
and  thus  society,  poisoned  in  its  very 
springs,  becomes  yearly  more  dissolute  and 
melancholy. 

None  will  require  to  be  reminded  that 
numerous  exceptions  occur;  that  pure  and 
strong  family  attachments  exist  in  Russia; 
that  young  persons  marry  sometimes  in- 
fluenced by  recij)rocal  feelings  of  affection ; 
but  from  the  accounts  of  all  the  Avriters 
we  know  who  have  described  Russia,  no 
other  picture  of  its  society  could  fairly  be 
drawn.  There  is  in  that  state  licence  for 
every  crime  which  does  not  offend  the 
government ;  and  the  more  the  nation  is 
absorbed  in  its  sensual  enjoyments,  the 
less  will  it  be  disposed  to  weary  of  ser- 
vitude. 

Among  the  peasantry  sensuality  is 
equally  prevalent.  They  generally  marry 
very  young,  but  it  is  by  no  means  essen- 
tial that  the  bride  should  be  a  virmn.     On 


166 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  contrary,  numbers  of  women  never 
marry  until  they  have  had  an  intrigue 
with  some  other  lover. 

St.  Petersburgh,  it  is  said,  is  a  city  of 
men,  there  being,  in  a  population  of  about 
500,000,  100,000  more  males  than  females. 
The  native  Russians  are  less  handsome  and 
sooner  faded  than  the  women  of  Germany, 
Finland,  Livonia,  Esthonia,  and  Courland 
— countries  which  supply  the  state  with 
prostitutes.  Such  are  the  manners  of  the 
city  that  no  woman  may  walk  out  unless 
accompanied  by  a  man,  not  even  on  the 
great  promenades,  in  the  broad  light  of 
day. 

In  ten  years,  from  1821  to  1831,  the 
deaths  in  St.  Petersburgh  were  61,616, 
being  24,229  more  than  the  births  ;  and 
during  the  same  period  there  were  11,429 
marriages.  The  native  Russian  women  are 
remarkable  for  the  ease  with  which  they 
bring  forth  children,  while  the  foreigners 
in  that  country  are  precisely  the  reverse. 
Of  the  former,  15  in  1000 ;  and  of  the 
latter,  25  is  the  average  of  those  who  die 
in  childbed.  The  average  of  20  years  gives 
6  still-born  infants  out  of  every  1000. 

The  foundling  hospitals  of  Russia,  mag- 
nificent as  they  are,  cannot  but  be  regarded 
as  a  premium  upon  immorality.  Those  of 
St.  Petersburgh  alone  cost  from  600,000,000 
to  700,000,000  of  rubles  annually;  sup- 
porting from  25,000  to  30,000  children, 
who  are  received  at  the  rate  of  7000  or 
8000  a  year.  They  are  called  "houses  of 
education,"  because  a  prejudice  attaches 
to  their  proper  name.  They  are  not,  how- 
ever, intended  for  infants  who  are  picked 
up  in  the  streets.  There  is  never  a  case 
of  such  exposure.  Women  who  have  chil- 
dren of  which  they  desire  to  be  rid,  bring 
them  usually  in  the  twilight,  and  they 
are  taken  in  without  any  questions  being 
asked.  No  one  can  tell  whether  they  are 
legitimate  or  illegitimate — whether  the 
offspring  of  poverty,  adultery,  or  prostitu- 
tion. In  cases  where  fear  or  shame  might 
in  other  countries  induce  a  woman  to 
murder  or  abandon  her  child,  the  mothers 
bring  them  to  the  hospital,  and  impenetra- 
ble obscurity  remains  over  the  previous 
part  of  the  transaction.  It  is  questionable 
whether  the  crimes  thus  prevented  would 
make  up  an  amount  of  evil  equal  to  that 
caused  by  the  profligacy  to  which  the 
licence  of  impunity  and  encouragement  is 
thus  afforded. 

Violence  committed  on  a  woman,  married 
or  single,  is,  in  Russia,  punishable  by  the 
knout ;  but  this  is  almost  the  only  check 
which  the  law,  written  or  social,  imposes 
on  immorality.  It  is  said  that  judges  some- 


times compound  with  a  female  criminal 
who  happens  to  possess  beauty,  and  pardon 
her  at  the  price  of  her  virtue. 

When  a  French  writer,  many  years  ago, 
astonished  the  civilized  countries  of  Europe 
by  the  description  of  a  private  institution 
in  Russia  known  as  the  Physical  Club,  his 
report  was  rejected  by  the  majority  of  per- 
sons as  one  of  those  travellers'  tales  which 
had  their  origin  in  a  man's  impudence  or 
credulity.  Lyall,  however,  made  extensive 
inquiries  upon  the  subject,  and  found  that 
there  did  actually  exist  at  Moscow  a 
society  called  the  Physical  Club,  the  ob- 
ject of  which  exhibited,  perhaps,  more 
depravity  of  manners  than  could  be  found 
in  any  other  part  of  the  world,  except 
among  the  Areois  of  the  Pacific. 

This  club  was  originated  by  eight  men 
and  women  of  high  rank,  who  agreed  to 
hold  common  intercourse  with  each  other, 
and  for  that  purpose  established  a  society. 
Its  members  all  belonged  to  the  nobility, 
and  they  sought  to  exclude  all  but  beau- 
tiful women  with  the  bloom  of  youth  still 
upon  them.  Admittance  was  very  difficult 
to  be  procured.  A  person  before  being 
initiated  was  sworn  to  secrecy,  so  that  the 
names  of  the  members  remained  unknown. 

At  stated  intervals  the  members  of  the 
club  assembled  at  a  large  house,  where,  in 
a  magnificent  saloon,  brilliantly  lighted 
up,  they  indulged  in  every  kind  of  licen- 
tious amusements,  inflaming  themselves 
with  strong  potations,  and  preparing  for 
the  hideovis  orgies  which  were  to  follow. 
Suddenly  all  the  candles  were  put  out,  each 
man  chose  a  companion,  and  a  scene  of  in- 
describable debauch  ensued.  On  other 
occasions  tickets  were  drawn  by  lot,  and 
the  company  paired  off  to  bedchambers 
prepared  for  this  libidinous  festival.  This 
horrible  institution,  transferring  its  pesti- 
lential influence  through  every  circle  of 
society  in  Moscow,  was  abolished  by 
Catherine  the  Second,  who  hated  to  see 
the  reflection  of  her  own  vices — for  it  is 
matter  of  history  that  she  was  a  vulgar 
prostitute  herself. 

Of  the  prostitute  system  in  Russia  our 
accounts  are  the  most  scanty  possible. 
They  exist  in  large  numbers  in  every  city 
and  almost  in  every  village  ;  and  a  traveller 
remarks  that  they  have  the  character  of 
demanding  to  be  paid  beforehand,  and  re- 
fusing afterwards  to  remain  with  their 
companion.  They  do  not  form  so  distinct 
and  conspicuous  a  class  as  in  some  coun- 
tries, for  the  virtue  of  married  women  and 
young  girls  in  the  various  ranks  of  life  is 
not  so  inaccessible  as  to  distinguish  the 
professional  prostitute  so  broadly  from  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


167 


other  classes,  as  in  a  society  whose  manners 
are  less  corrupt.  They  are,  in  the  cities, 
under  the  perpetual  surveillance  of  the 
police.  In  the  rural  districts  numbers  of 
young  women,  belonging  to  the  village 
populations,  addict  themselves  to  prostitu- 
tion for  gain — some  permanently,  others 
only  until  they  have  a  chance  of  marriage. 

There  is  apparently  no  check  upon  this 
calling,  unless  the  women  become  afflicted 
by  disease.  When  this  is  discovered  the 
prostitute  is  forced  to  discontinue  for 
awhile  her  dissolute  course  of  life,  and  re- 
main in  a  hospital  until  cured.  When,  as 
very  frequently  happens,  the  wife  of  a 
soldier  takes  to  this  occupation,  and  be- 
comes tainted,  she  is  delivered  to  her 
husband,  who  is  obliged  to  sign  a  bond, 
engaging  for  the  future  to  restrain  her 
from  profligacy.  The  wives  of  serfs  are  also 
delivered  up  to  their  husbands,  who  must 
pay  the  expenses  of  their  cure  at  the 
hospitals.  If  they  refuse  to  do  this,  and  to 
answer  for  the  future  conduct  of  their 
partners,  the  women  are  sent,  without 
further  ceremony,  to  Siberia. 

Another  peculiarity  in  the  civilization  of 
Russia  is  exhibited  in  the  market  of  wives, 
which  is  annually  held  in  St.  Petersburgh. 
It  is  one  of  those  things  which  many  per- 
sons exercise  their  philosophy  by  refusing 
to  believe  ;  but  its  existence  is  undoubted. 
It  is  still  practised,  even  among  the  upper 
orders,  while  among  the  humbler  classes  it 
is  extremely  popular.  Every  year,  on  the 
twenty-sixth  day  of  May,  numbers  of  young 
women  assemble  in  a  particular  part  of  the 
City  Summer  Garden,  where  they  are  ex- 
hibited in  a  formal  "  bride-show.'''  Decked 
with  an  Oriental  profusion  of  ornaments, 
all  the  marriageable  girls  are  arranged  in 
lines  along  the  shady  alleys,  while  some 
friends  and  professional  match-makers 
stand  in  attendance  on  each  group.  The 
men  who  are  inclined  to  matrimony  visit 
the  garden,  pass  along  the  rows  of  maidens^ 
inspect  them  leisurely,  enter  into  conver- 
sation, and,  if  pleased,  enter  into  a  prelimi- 
nary, but  conditional,  contract.  Numerous 
matches  are  thus  formed  ;  but  very  fre- 
quently the  engagement  here  concluded, 
has  long,  between  the  youthful  couple, 
been  a  matter  of  contemplation.  Those 
who  do  not  possess  sufficient  beauty  or 
fascination  are  sometimes  loaded  with  the 
signs  of  property  to  induce  men  to  take 
them.  A  mother  once,  desiring  to  match 
her  daughter  to  a  man  of  substance,  hung 
about  her  neck  a  massive  chain  of  gold,  to 
which  was  attached  six  dozen  silver-gilt 
tea-spoons,  and  three  dozen  table-spoons, 
besides  two  heavy  punch -ladles  of  the  same 


metal,  which  soon  attracted  the  attention 
of  the  young  men.  In  the  towns,  indeed, 
we  are  told  that  marriages  among  all 
classes  are  generally  settled  by  interest. 
In  the  rural  parts  this  is  also  the  case,  but 
in  a  less  degree.  There  it  is  the  custom — 
among  the  peasantry — for  the  bride  and 
bridegroom  to  enter  the  church  door  side 
by  side,  which  they  take  care  to  do  with 
the  utmost  regularity,  since  the  super- 
stitious idea  prevails,  that  the  one  who 
plants  a  foot  hrst  inside  the  threshold  of 
the  edifice,  will  be  supreme  over  the  other, 
and  become  a  tyrant  in  the  family.  The 
serfs  cannot  marry  without  the  consent  of 
their  masters.  In  all  parts  of  Russia  the 
marriage  of  a  felon  is  dissolved  by  the  sen- 
tence which  condemns  him  ;  but  if  he  be 
pardoned  before  his  wife  has  married 
again,  he  can  recover  her. 

It  will,  from  this  account,  be  seen 
that  the  manners  and  morals  of  the 
Russians  are  dissolute  in  an  extraordinary 
degree.  There  is,  perhaps,  no  part  of 
Europe  where  the  people,  as  a  race,  are  so 
profligate.  This  does  not  imply  that  the 
society  of  St.  Petersburgh  or  Moscow  is 
not  distinguished  by  many  virtuous  fami- 
lies ;  but,  on  the  whole,  all  travellers  con- 
cur in  showing  the  facts  upon  which  we 
have  based  our  estimate  of  the  national 
character  with  respect  to  morality  ■*■, 

Op  Prostitution  in  Siberia. 

From  Russia  the  transition  is  natural  to 
the  contiguous  and  kindred  region  of 
Siberia.  Thence  we  may,  without  any 
apology,  extend  our  inquiries  to  the 
remotest  north — for  the  Arctic  countries 
do  not  present  themselves  with  sufficient 
prominence  to  occupy  a  separate  account, 
and  to  none  could  they  be  added  as  a  sup- 
plement more  fitly  than  to  the  snowy 
wilderness  which  spreads  on  one  side  to  the 
shores  of  the  Frozen  Sea,  and  on  the  other 
to  the  frontiers  of  the  Chinese  Empire.  It 
may  appear  anomalous  to  include  any  of 
these  tracts  under  the  head  of  civilized 
countries  ;  but  we  place  them  as  an  ap- 
pendage of  Russia,  to  which,  indeed,  they 
form  an  appropriate  companion. 

The  state  of  manners  at  which  the  po- 

*  Kohl's  Russia  and  the  Russians  ;  La  Russie 
en  1844 — par  un  Homme  d'Etat ;  Russia  under 
Nicolas  I.  ;  Clarke's  Travels  ;  Lyall's  Character 
of  the  Russians;  Voyages  des  Deux  Francjais; 
Gfranville's  Travels  ;  Golovine's  Russia  under  the 
Autocrat ;  Venables'  Domestic  Manners  of  the 
Russians;  Bourke's  St.  Petersburgh  and  Moscow  ; 
Thompson's  Life  in  Russia ;  Jesse's  Notes  by  a 
Half- Pay  ;  Erman's  Travels. 


._J 


168 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pulation  of  these  snowy  tracts  have  arrived 
is  extremely  low.  Nature  has  taught  them 
many  rude  arts  ;  but  their  civilization  has 
not  advanced  far  beyond  its  crudest  ele- 
ments. The  severe  rigours  to  which  they 
are  exposed  have  produced  pressing  wants, 
which  they  have  ingenuity  enough  to 
satisfy,  and  further  than  this  their  educa- 
tion does  not  appear  to  go.  They  are  rude, 
ignorant,  and  gross.  Some  remain  with 
none  but  the  faintest  idea  of  a  Deity  ; 
others  preserve  the  ancient  heathen  belief 
of  the  Shamans  ;  others  have  accepted  a 
form  of  Christianity ;  but  in  few  of  them 
has  a  variation  in  their  religious  ideas 
resulted  in  a  change  of  manners.  In  fact, 
the  form,  and  not  the  spirit  of  our  creed 
has  been  introduced  among  them. 

Throughout  the  immense  tracts  of  Siberia 
we  find  numerous  tribes,  and  even  nations, 
classed  under  various  denominations  ;  but 
all,  in  their  general  manners,  very  much 
resembling  each  other.  The  condition  and 
character  of  the  female  sex  among  them  is 
low  ;  but  it  is  not  treated  with  that  harsh- 
ness or  contumely  which  it  experiences  in 
some  savage  races.  Although  the  rude 
Ostyak,  for  instance,  considers  his  wife  as  no 
more  than  a  domestic  drudge,  seldom  thinks 
of  giving  her  a  cordial  word,  and  loads  her 
with  tasks,  he  does  not  use  her  with  posi- 
tive severity.  Among  the  Samoyedes,  wo- 
men are  much  less  happy  and  more  harshly 
treated.  In  the  perpetual  migrations  of 
the  tribes  they  are  charged  with  the  prin- 
cipal burdens,  and  drag  after  the  men  like 
a  train  of  slaves.  The  wife  is  viewed  as  a 
necessary  but  almost  disgusting  appendage 
to  a  man's  household.  She  is  regarded  as 
unclean  under  many  circumstances — espe- 
cially childbirth,  after  which  her  husband 
will  not  approach  her  for  two  months. 
When  about  to  be  delivered  she  expe- 
riences, instead  of  the  kind,  considerate 
usage  which  some,  even  of  the  wildest 
savages  pay  to  their  women  in  such  situa- 
tions, a  scorn  and  indignity  to  which,  by 
long  custom,  she  has  thoroughly  learned  to 
bend. 

In  many  parts  of  Siberia,  however,  a 
better  prospect  is  presented,  and  the  sexes 
appear  more  on  an  equality.  Towards  the 
centre,  away  from  the  sea  on  one  hand,  and 
Russia  on  the  other,  the  tribes  enjoy  a  very 
independent  existence,  being,  indeed,  the 
most  free  among  the  subjects  of  the  Czar. 
In  the  winter  time,  when  the  rivers  are 
completely  frozen,  the  young  girls  as- 
semble on  their  snowy  borders,  taking 
care  to  deck  themselves  out  with  every 
sort  of  finery  they  can  procure.  Their 
friends  also  congregate,    forming    groups, 


gossip,  and  enjoy  themselves,  while  the 
youths  mix  with  the  maidens — each  se- 
lecting the  partner  he  likes  the  best.  It 
is  at  this  time  of  the  year  that  the  prin- 
cipal matches  are  arranged.  In  all  parts 
it  is  customary  to  pay  a  certain  amount 
to  the  girl's  parents  to  buy  the  privilege  of 
marrying  her.  Should  a  man  not  be  rich 
enough  to  ofier  the  sum  required,  he  hires 
himself  to  her  father,  who  tasks  him  some- 
times very  heavily,  and  continues  in  servi- 
tude for  three,  five,  seven,  or  ten  years, 
according  to  the  agreement  made  before- 
hand. At  the  end  of  that  period  he  takes 
his  bride,  is  redeemed  from  his  servile  con- 
dition, and  enters  the  family  with  all  the 
dignities  and  rights  of  a  son-in-law. 

Among  the  Ostyaks  it  is  regarded  as 
very  disgraceful  to  marry  a  brother's  widow, 
a  mother-in-law,  or,  indeed,  any  person 
connected  in  an  ascending  or  descending 
line  with  the  wife ;  but  it  is  reckoned 
honourable  to  marry  several  sisters.  The 
sister  of  a  deceased  wife  is  considered  a 
particular  acquisition,  and,  indeed,  is  at- 
tended with  a  solid  advantage,  for  a  man 
taking  the  second  daughter  of  a  house 
pays  to  her  father  a  sum  only  equal  to  half 
of  that  which  he  paid  for  the  first.  No 
one  can  marry  a  person  of  the  same  family 
name ;  but  this  seems  to  apply  to  men 
alone,  for  a  woman  under  this  description 
who  enters  another  household,  and  bears  a 
daughter,  may  bestow  her  upon  her  brother. 
In  a  word,  every  union  is  lawful  provided 
the  father  of  the  bridegroom  and  the  father 
of  the  bride  are  of  difierent  families — 
though  custom  makes  other  distinctions, 
which  are  generally  observed  with  as  much 
strictness  as  those  marked  by  the  tradi- 
tionary law. 

When  an  Ostyak  desires  to  marry  he 
selects  from  among  his  companions  or  rela- 
tives a  mediator.  He  then  goes  with  a 
train  of  friends,  as  numerous  as  his  in- 
fluence enables  him  to  collect,  and  stands 
before  the  door  of  the  house  in  which  the 
girl  whom  he  has  fixed  upon  resides.  Iler 
father  easily  guesses,  on  the  arrival  of  such 
a  cavalcade,  what  the  object  of  it  is,  and 
consequently  asks  no  questions,  but  invites 
the  company  in  and  welcomes  them  with  a 
feast.  Then,  retiring  with  the  mediator 
into  another  hut,  he  enters  into  a  negotia- 
tion about  the  amount  which  he  is  to 
receive  for  his  daughter.  These  things  are 
quietly  arranged,  though  the  spirit  of 
bargaining  is  generally  active  on  both 
sides.  It  is  not  necessary  to  pay  down  the 
whole  amount  at  once,  but  this  must  be 
done  before  the  nuptials  can  take  place. 
Sometimes,  however,  a  man  snatches  away 


._l 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


169     i 


his  bride  before  he  has  fully  discharged 
his  debt.  In  that  case  her  father  waits  for 
an  opportunity  to  seize  her,  carries  her  home, 
and  keeps  her  in  pledge  until  the  amount 
be  faithfully  paid. 

Similar  customs  prevail  among  the  Sa- 
moyedes,  who  are  polygamists,  though  they 
prefer  the  changing  one  wife  for  another, 
according  to  the  changes  m  their  inclina- 
tion, to  having  two  or  three  at  once.  The 
Tungueses,  however,  often  keep  as  many 
as  five,  but  even  among  them  the  majority 
of  men  marry  no  more  than  one  at  a  time. 
They  enter  into  matrimony  at  a  very  early 
age.  It  is  common  to  see  a  husband  fifteen 
years  old,  and  a  wife,  or  even  a  widow,  of 
twelve.  There  is  with  them  no  feast  or 
ceremony  of  any  kind.  The  bargain  is 
made  and  ratified,  and  the  young  couple 
proceed  forthwith  to  their  nuptial  couch. 

The  Bulwattes,  who  are  also  polygamists, 
treat  their  women  well.  Among  them  one 
curious  observance  is, — that  the  consum- 
mation of  every  marriage  must  take  place 
in  a  newly-built  hut,  where,  as  they  say, 
no  impure  things  can  have  been.  This  is, 
at  any  rate,  a  poetical  and  a  somewhat 
refined  idea.  Certain  feasts  are  essential 
before  the  union  is  contracted. 

The  Tchoutkas,  beyond  Nigri  Kolinsk, 
have  been  baptized  in  large  numbers. 
Their  Christianity,  however,  does  not  incline 
them  to  remove  polygamy,  for  they  have 
in  most  cases  a  plurality  of  wives,  whom 
they  marry  for  a  certain  period — long  or 
short,  as  circumstances  may  determine.  It 
sometimes  happens  in  one  of  these  house- 
holds that  the  wife  obtains  sufficient  as- 
cendancy over  her  husband  to  bind  him  to 
her,  and  a  convention,  intended  from  the 
first  to  be  only  temporary,  becomes  perma- 
nent. The  woman  who  accomplishes  this 
achievement  is  honoured  by  the  rest  of  her 
sex,  and  is  thenceforward  supreme  in  the 
family.  Generally  speaking  the  women  of 
this  tribe  are  more  happy  and  free  than  in 
any  other  part  of  Siberia. 

Among  the  Tschuwasses  it  is  customary 
on  the  occasion  of  a  betrothal  to  ofier  a 
sacrifice  of  bread  and  honey  to  the  sun, 
that  he  may  look  down  with  favour  on  the 
union.  On  the  appointed  day,  while  the 
guests  are  assembling,  the  bride  hides 
herself  behind  a  screen.  Then  she  walks 
round  the  room  three  times,  followed  by 
a  train  of  virgins  bearing  honey  and 
bread.  The  bridegroom  entering,  snatches 
over  her  veil,  kisses  her,  and  exchanges 
rings.  She  then  distributes  refreshments 
to  her  friends,  who  salute  her  as  "  the  be- 
trothed girl,''  after  which  she  is  led  behind 
the  screen  to  put  on  a  matron's  cap.     One 


of  the  concluding  rites  performed  is  that 
of  the  bride  pulling  off  her  new  husband's 
boots — a  ceremony  to  symbolise  her  pro- 
mise of  obedience  to  him.  When,  how- 
ever, he  on  his  part  takes  the  cap  from  her 
head,  she  is  divorced,  and  goes  home  to  her 
parents. 

Still  more  degrading  is  the  custom  of 
the  Tchemerisses.  A  man,  representing  the 
girl's  father,  presents  to  her  husband  a 
whip,  which  he  is  allowed  freely  to  use. 
There  is  only  one  occasion  during  the  year 
when  men  permit  their  wives  to  eat  with 
them.  The  Morduans  betroth  their  chil- 
dren while  very  young  ;  but  the  youth 
does  not  know  his  bride  until  he  marries 
her.  She  is  then  brought  to  him,  placed  on  a 
mat,  and  consigned  to  his  charge  with 
these  words,  "  Here,  wolf,  take  thy  lamb." 
Still  more  singular  is  the  custom  of  the 
Wotyahe  tribes.  With  them  it  is  usual 
for  the  young  wife,  a  few  days  after  the 
wedding,  to  go  back  to  her  father's  house, 
resume  her  virgin  costume,  and  remain 
sometimes  during  a  whole  year.  At  the 
end  of  that  period  the  husband  goes  to 
fetch  her,  when  she  feigns  reluctance,  and 
exhibits  every  sign  of  bashfulness  and 
modesty.  The  women  of  this  community 
are  habitually  chaste  and  decorous  in  their 
behaviour. 

The  usual  occupations  of  the  men  in 
Siberia  are  hunting,  fishing,  smoking, 
drinking,  and  bartering  with  the  Russian 
traders.  Those  of  the  women  are  far  more 
numerous  and  wearisome.  They  build  the 
huts,  they  tend  the  cattle,  they  prepare  the 
sledges,  they  harness  the  reindeer  when 
their  husbands  are  away,  and  drive  them 
also  occasionally  ;  they  weave  mats,  bas- 
kets, and  cloth  ;  they  dye  worsted  for  em- 
broidery ;  they  tan  hides,  make  garments, 
cook  the  food,  and,  in  some  tribes,  assist  in 
catching  fish.  While  they  perform  these 
varied  and  harassing  offices  without  a  mur- 
mur, as  they  usually  do,  their  life  is  one  of 
peace  ;  but  if  they  repine  they  are  sure  to 
be  harshly  reproved,  if  not  severely  pun- 
ished. In  some  communities  the  husband 
is  permitted  the  free  use  of  his  whip ;  but 
in  others,  as  that  of  the  Ostyaks,  a  hus- 
band dare  not  flog  his  wife  without  the 
consent  of  her  father,  and  on  account  of 
some  grievous  fault.  If  he  does  she  has 
the  privilege  of  flying  home,  when  her 
dowry  must  be  restored,  and  she  has  her 
liberty  complete. 

Jealousy  is  a  sentiment  little  known 
among  the  Ostyaks,  or,  indeed,  any  of  the 
Siberian  races.  Sometimes  the  women  wear 
veils,  but  not  with  that  strictness  observ- 
able with  some  nations,  and  more  to  save 


170 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


their  eyes  from  the  effect  of  the  snow 
glare  than  from  any  other  motive.  Modesty, 
indeed,  is  by  no  means  one  of  their  cha- 
racteristics. Nor  is  chastity  very  highly 
prized.  When  a  Samoyede  woman  is  about 
to  be  delivered,  she  is  obliged  to  confess,  in 
presence  of  her  husband  and  a  midwife, 
whether  she  has  engaged  in  any  criminal 
intrigue.  If  she  tell  an  untruth,  the 
national  superstition  is  that  death  will 
assail  her  amid  the  pangs  of  childbirth. 
Should  she  declare  herself  guilty,  the  hus- 
band contents  himself  with  going  to  the 
person  whom  her  confession  has  accused, 
and  exacting  from  him  a  small  fine  by  way 
of  compensation — for  having,  "  without 
permission,"  carried  on  intercourse  with  a 
stranger's  wife. 

The  barbarous  manners  of  Siberia  do 
not  allow  us,  indeed,  to  expect  any  refined 
modesty  among  its  women.  Wrangell  was 
introduced  into  the  family  of  a  rich  and 
influential  man — the  head  of  a  tribe. 
Within  a  low-roofed  but  spacious  habita- 
tion he  found  five  or  six  women — wives  and 
daughters,  of  various  ages,  all  completely 
naked.  They  roared  with  laughter  when 
their  visitor  entered,  and  appeared  exces- 
sively amused  at  being  discovered  in  that 
condition.  The  dancing  women  of  these 
tribes  wear  clothing  while  they  display  their 
skill,  but  otherwise  they  are  as  indecent  as 
possible.  Obscene  and  degrading  postures, 
indeed,  make  up  the  chief  merit  of  their 
performances.  A  late  traveller,  hearing  of 
these  dancers,  desired  some  women  to  per- 
form, but  they  appeared  so  modest,  bashful, 
and  diffident,  that  he  feared  to  urge  them. 
However,  after  considerable  solicitation 
they  consented,  when  he  was  disgusted  at 
seeing  them  fling  themselves  with  mar- 
vellous rapidity  into  a  hundred  disgraceful 
attitudes. 

Infanticide  is  not  practised  in  Siberia, 
except  on  those  children  who  are  born  with 
deformities.  These  are,  it  is  said,  invariably 
destroyed.  There  is,  in  fact,  little  induce- 
ment to  the  crime,  for  the  whole  region  is 
but  scantily  peopled,  and  marriages  are  not 
at  all  prolific. 

The  morals  of  the  Siberian  races  are 
universally  low.  A  licentious  intercourse 
is  carried  on  between  the  sexes  long  before 
marriage,  early  as  this  takes  place.  In 
the  great  ciiy  of  Yehaterinbourgh,  where  re- 
ligious dis^eusions  are  extremely  bitter, 
profligacy  is  still  more  powerful  ;  and 
Avomen,  from  sheer  lust,  prostitute  them- 
selves to  men  of  all  sects,  with  whom,  how- 
ever, they  would  rigidly  refuse  to  eat  or 
drink.  In  all  the  towns  numbers  of  pro- 
stitutes reside.    They  are  scarcely,  if  at  all. 


reprobated  by  the  other  classes  of  the 
population,  and  the  young  men  who  do 
not  wish  to  marry,  or  cannot  aflbrd  to  pro- 
cure a  wife,  as  well  as  widowers,  resort  to 
them  continually.  The  process,  in  fact, 
which  educates  a  Siberian  prostitute  to 
her  calling,  appears  to  be  this.  A  young 
girl,  in  a  community  where  general  licen- 
tiousness of  manners  prevails,  is  brought 
up  from  her  mother's  breast  with  the  most 
loose  ideas.  She  is  not  taught  to  prize  her 
chastity,  though  told  that  marriage  is  the 
destiny  to  which  she  must  look,  and 
warned  that  her  husband  will  require  her 
to  be  faithful  to  him.  Meanwhile,  how- 
ever, there  is  little  in  her  own  mind,  or  in 
the  care  of  her  friends,  to  protect  her 
virtue.  She  forms  acquaintances,  and  is 
seduced,  first  by  one,  and  then  by  another, 
until  her  profligacy  becomes  so  flagrant 
and  so  public  that  no  one  will  purchase 
her  as  a  wife.  Accordingly  she  follows  as 
a  means  of  livelihood  that  which  she  has 
hitherto  resorted  to  only  as  a  means  of  in- 
dulging her  vicious  appetite.  Thousands 
of  prostitutes  are  thus  made,  especially 
amid  the  crowded  communities.  In  some 
of  the  small  wandering  tribes,  the  women 
are  comparatively  chaste ;  but  on  the 
whole  the  refined  sentiments  of  virtue  are 
unknown,  and  prostitution  extremely  pre- 
valent. This  appears  strange  to  those  who 
are  accustomed  to  believe  that  a  warm 
climate  is  essential  to  form  a  sensual  race. 
It  seems,  on  the  contrary,  that  one  ex- 
treme of  temperature  is  accompanied  with 
influences  as  demoralising  as  another,  for 
it  is  certain  that  nations  dwelling  in  the 
temperate  zone  are  more  moderate  in  their 
passions,  and  more  abstemious  in  the  gra- 
tification of  them. 

For  the  races  inhabiting  the  Arctic 
regions,  the  Esquimaux  may  be  taken  as 
a  proper  type.  As  a  race,  they  are  dirty, 
poor,  and  immoral,  but  not  so  grovelling  as 
the  tribes  of  Western  Africa.  Though 
their  ideas  of  beauty  and  grace  are  totally 
at  variance  with  ours,  it  is  wrong  to  sup- 
pose that  they  have  none,  for  the  Esqui- 
maux woman,  who  tattooes  her  skin  to 
charm  a  lover,  exhibits  undeniably  one  of 
those  characteristics  in  human  nature 
wliich  allow  opportunities  to  civilize  in- 
dividuals and  nations.  They  are  an  in- 
genious industrious  people,  understanding 
well  how  to  make  use  of  those  conveni- 
ences and  appliances  of  life  which  have 
been  placed  by  nature  at  their  disposal  ; 
and  they  who  make  themselves  comfort- 
able and  happy  in  the  coldest  and  most 
desolate  parts  of  the  earth,  must  possess 
a    certain  amount  of  that   genius  which, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


171 


properly  developed,  flourishes  in  civiliza- 
tion. 

The  estimation  in  which  women  are  held 
among  the  Esquimaux  is  somewhat  greater 
than  is  usual  among  savages.  They  are 
by  no  means  abject  drudges,  those  cares 
only  being  assigned  to  them  which  are 
purely  domestic,  and  which  are  apportioned 
to  the  females  among  the  humbler  classes 
in  all  European  countries.  The  wife  makes 
and  tends  the  fire,  cooks  the  food,  watches 
the  children,  is  sempstress  to  the  whole 
family,  and  orders  all  the  household  ar- 
rangements, while  her  husband  is  labour- 
ing abroad  for  her  subsistence.  When  a 
journey  is  to  be  performed,  they,  it  is  true, 
bear  a  considerable  share  of  the  burdens, 
but  not  more  than  among  many  of  the 
poor  fishing  populations  of  civilized  coun- 
tries in  Europe,  in  some  of  which  the 
man's  occupation  ceases  when  his  boat 
touches  the  shore.  It  is  a  division  of 
labour,  not  so  much  imposed  as  shared, 
and  the  toil  is  not  by  any  means  hateful  to 
them.  During  the  stationary  residence  in 
the  winter,  the  life  led  by  the  women  is  in 
fact  one  of  ease,  indolence,  and  pleasure, 
for  they  sit  at  home,  cross-legged  on  their 
couches,  almost  all  the  day,  enjoying  them- 
selves as  they  please,  with  a  fire  to  warm 
the  habitation,  which  it  is  a  pleasant  task 
to  attend. 

The  Esquimaux  women  are  not  very 
prolific,  few  bearing  more  than  three  or 
four  children.  They  generally  suckle  them 
themselves,  but  it  is  not  uncommon  for 
one  woman  to  nurse  at  her  breast  the 
infant  of  another  who  may  be  closely  oc- 
cupied at  the  time.  They  are  more  de- 
sirous of  bearing  male  than  female  ofi"- 
spring,  for  parents  look  to  their  sons  in  old 
age  as  a  means  of  support. 

The  Esquimaux  are  permitted  by  their 
social  and  hereditary  law  to  have  two 
wives,  but  the  custom  is  by  no  means 
general.  Parry  describes  a  tribe  of  219 — 
69  being  men,  77  women,  and  the  rest 
children — among  whom  there  were  only 
twelve  men  who  had  two  wives,  while  a 
few  were  doubly  betrothed.  Two  instances 
occurred  of  a  father  and  son  being  married 
to  sisters.  Children  are  usually  plighted 
during  infancy — that  is,  from  three  to 
seven  years  of  age,  and  the  boy  sometimes 
plays  with  his  future  bride,  calling  her 
wife.  When  a  man  has  two  wives,  there 
is  usually  a  difierence  of  six  or  seven 
years  between  their  ages,  and  the  senior 
being  mistress,  takes  her  station  by  the 
principal  fire,  which  she  entirely  superin- 
tends. Her  position  is  in  every  respect 
one  of  superiority  ;  but  this  is  seldom  as- 


'  sorted,  as  the  two  generally  live  in  the 
most  perfect  harmony.  The  marriage  con- 
tract has  nothing  of  a  sacred  character 
about  it,  being  merely  a  social  arrange- 
ment which  may  be  with  great  facility 
dissolved.  A  man  can  without  any  cere- 
mony repudiate  his  wife,  to  punish  her  for 
a  real  or  supposed  offence,  but  this  is 
rarely  done.  The  husband,  who  is  usually 
older  by  many  years  than  his  partner, 
chastises  her  himself  when  she  irritates 
him,  though  caring  comparatively  little 
for  her  fidelity.  Absolute  in  his  authority, 
according  to  the  laws  of  the  Esquimaux, 
he  is  sometimes,  nevertheless,  ruled  by 
the  women.  Usually,  however,  he  upholds 
his  prerogative,  and  punishes  any  infringe- 
ment of  it  in  a  very  summary  manner ; 
but  the  utmost  harshness  commonly  em- 
ployed is  to  make  the  delinquent  lead  her 
master's  reindeer  while  he  rides  comfort- 
ably in  his  sledge.  Women  are  very  care- 
ful of  their  husbands,  partly  no  doubt 
from  natural  sentiments  of  affection,  but 
partly  also,  we  may  believe,  from  know- 
ledge of  the  fact  that  widows  are  not  half 
so  happy  as  wives,  being  dirty  and  ragged, 
unless  they  have  friends  willing  to  support 
them,  or  sufficient  attractions  to  enable 
them  to  gain  a  livelihood  by  regular  pro- 
stitution. 

Respecting  the  virtue  of  the  Esquimaux 
women  and  the  morality  of  the  men,  little 
of  a  favourable  nature  is  to  be  said.  Hus- 
bands have  continually  offered  their  wives 
to  strangers  for  a  knife  or  a  jacket.  Some 
of  the  young  men  told  Parry,  that  when 
two  of  them  were  about  to  be  absent  for 
any  length  of  time  on  whaling  expedi- 
tions, they  often  exchanged  wives  as  a 
matter  of  temporary  convenience  ;  in- 
stances of  which  have  been  noticed  by  the 
voyager — in  some  cases  merely  because 
one  woman  was  pregnant  and  unable  to 
bear  the  hardship  of  a  journey.  The  same 
writer  affirms  that  in  no  country  is  pro- 
stitution carried  to  a  greater  length.  The 
behaviour  of  most  of  the  women  while  the 
men  are  absent,  causes  a  total  disregard  of 
connubial  fidelity.  Their  departure,  in 
fact,  is  usually  a  signal  to  cast  aside  all 
restraint,  and,  as  the  last  excess  of  pro- 
fligacy, children  are  sent  out  by  their 
mothers  to  keep  watch  lest  the  husband 
should  return  while  his  habitation  is  oc- 
cupied by  a  stranger"^. 

*  Wrangell's  Nord  de  la  Siberie ;  Cottrell's 
Recollections  of  Siberia  ;  Dobell's  Travels ;  Holl- 
man's  Travels  ;  Eiman's  Travels  ;  Parry's  Three 
Voyages  ;  Bache's  Narrative  ;  Bache's  Land  Expe- 
dition ;    King's   Journey   to  the    Arctic    Ocean ; 


172 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Iceland  and  Greenland. 


Iceland  and  Greenland,  differing  in  their 
people,  their  fortunes  and  their  civilization, 
may,  nevertheless,  be  classed  together,  for 
both  belong  geographically  to  the  western 
world,  while  both  present  intimate  relations 
with  Europe.  Iceland,  a  lonely,  gloomy, 
and  extensive  country,  is  inhabited  by  a 
serious,  humble,  and  quiet  people,  number- 
ing about  55,000.  Isolated  from  the  rest 
of  the  world  by  dreary  and  tempestuous 
seas  spreading  far  around  it  on  every  side, 
its  inhabitants  remain  to  this  day  almost 
in  their  primitive  condition.  Nine  cen- 
turies have  produced  little  change  in  their 
language,  costume,  or  modes  of  life.  For- 
merly, indeed,  they  were  heathens,  and  have 
now  been  converted  to  Christianity.  Modi- 
fications have  also  occurred  in  their  manners. 
At  one  period,  for  instance,  the  law  allowed 
the  exposure  of  such  children  as  their 
parents  desired  to  be  rid  of,  and  the  unna- 
tural sacrifice  was  common.  It  originated 
with  the  men,  and  the  women  appear  never 
to  have  become  reconciled  with  the  usage, 
which  has  now  been  entirely  abolished, 
though  infants  perish  in  large  numbers 
from  insufficient  and  unskilful  nursing. 
On  the  whole,  however,  the  original  manners 
of  the  Icelanders  remain  unchanged.  We 
refer,  of  course,  to  a  period  since  what  has 
been  termed  the  heroic  age,  when  a  system 
of  society  prevailed,  which  has  been  entirely 
swept  away  by  a  new  and  victorious  civi- 
lization. In  those  ancient  times,  when 
Iceland  was  a  republic,  with  institutions  of 
a  most  remarkable  nature,  the  treatment  of 
the  female  sex  there,  and  among  the  Scan- 
dinavian nations  generally,  was  unequalled 
by  any  other  heathen  communities,  except 
the  polished  state  of  Greece.  Polygamy, 
though  not  forbidden  by  their  religious 
code,  was  exceedingly  rare.  Their  manners, 
indeed,  are,  in  several  other  respects,  superior 
to  their  enacted  laws.  Fathers,  or  other 
near  male  relatives,  possessed  unlimited 
power  to  dispose  of  the  young  girls  as  best 
suited  their  convenience  or  caprice,  but 
seldom  or  ever  exercised  this  invidious 
prerogative,  leaving  them  rather  to  their 
own  choice.  With  mild  advice,  indeed,  they 
persuaded  them  to  prudent  unions,  but 
with  no  harsh,  inconsiderate  authority. 
The  daughter  received,  on  her  marriage,  a 
dowry  from  her  parents  besides  a  present 
from  her  husband.  These  acquisitions 
formed  a  property  which  remained  abso- 

Fisher's  Voyage  of  Discovery  ;  Barrow's  Voyage ; 
Shillinglau's  Arctic  Discoveries ;  Snow's  Arctic 
Regions  ;  Scoresby's  Arctic  Countries,  &c.,  &c. 


lutely  her  own,  and  constituted  her  provi- 
sion in  the  event  of  a  divorce.  This  could 
take  place  whenever  she  chose  to  express 
before  certain  prescribed  witnesses  her 
desire  for  such  separation.  A  harsh  word, 
any  ill-usage,  or  a  hasty  blow,  might  be 
pleaded  as  sufficient  reason  for  her  resolve  ; 
and  by  a  liberal  use  of  this  prerogative  the 
wives  of  Iceland  obtained  high  authority 
over  their  husbands.  They  occasionally 
accompanied  them  to  the  public  assemblies, 
which  were  convened  in  conformity  with 
their  popular  institutions,  and  were  always 
present  at  the  great  festivals.  Sometimes 
they  assembled  in  rooms  assigned  exclu- 
sively to  them,  and  made  merry  among 
themselves ;  sometimes  they  mingled  with 
the  general  company.  With  the  exception 
of  a  few,  whom  the  fearful  superstition  of 
that  age  condemned  to  death  as  witches, 
no  women  suffered  very  severe  punishment. 
The  warriors  of  the  island  delighted  to 
celebrate  their  praises,  and  terms  expressing 
the  high  qualities  of  the  female  sex  were 
abundant  in  the  Icelandic  language,  and 
profusely  employed  in  its  literature.  At 
present  the  condition  of  the  sexes  is  some- 
what equal.  The  men  of  the  humbler 
classes  divide  their  labours  with  the  women, 
but  do  not  oppress  them  with  any  of  the 
taskmaster's  tyranny.  Both  are  alike  filthy 
and  coarse  in  their  habits.  Among  the 
wealthy,  as  well  as  in  the  middle  orders, 
it  is  customary  for  ladies  to  wait  at  table 
when  strangers  are  present;  but  this  is 
considered  as  an  employment  by  no  means 
menial.  The  hospitality  of  the  Icelanders, 
indeed,  assumes  some  very  singular  forms. 
Their  women  often  salute  the  stranger  with 
a  cordial  embrace,  from  which  on  account 
of  their  uncleanliness  he  is  generally  de- 
sirous to  escape  as  quickly  as  possible. 
When  Henderson,  the  missionary,  resided 
there,  he  visited,  during  his  travels,  the 
house  of  a  respectable  man,  where  he  was 
liberally  treated.  At  night,  when  he  retired 
to  his  bedroom,  the  eldest  daughter  of  the 
family  attended  him,  and  assisted  him  to 
undress  by  pulling  off  his  stockings  and 
pantaloons.  He  was  unAvilling  to  accept 
such  services,  to  which  he  was  v/holly  un- 
accustomed ;  but  she  imputed  his  refusal 
to  politeness,  and  insisted  on  performing 
the  office,  declaring  it  was  the  invariable 
custom  of  her  country.  It  is  the  task  of 
the  women,  almost  always,  to  unloose  the 
sandals  or  latchets  of  their  husband*s 
shoes. 

The  intercourse  of  the  sexes  in  Iceland 
is  regulated  by  few  absolute  laws ;  but 
Christianity  has  abolished  polygamy,  while 
public  opinion  holds  a  strong  check  upon 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


173     ! 


illicit  communication.  With  the  exception 
of  those  seaport  populations,  which  have 
been  corrupted  by  an  influx  of  Danes  and 
other  foreigners,  generally  of  disreputable 
character,  they  are,  as  a  nation,  moral. 
These  exceptions  contribute  very  consi- 
derably to  the  number  of  bastard  children. 
In  1801,  the  jjopulation  was  46,607  — 
21,476  males  and  25,131  females,  or  in  the 
proportion  of  thirteen  to  fifteen  of  men  to 
women.  The  average  marriages  during 
a  period  of  ten  years,  were  250,  or  one  out 
of  188  of  the  population ;  the  births  1350, 
or  one  in  35,  and  the  deaths  1 250.  One 
child  out  of  nine  was  illegitimate.  In  1821 
one  out  of  seven  was  illegitimate,  and  in 
1833  the  proportion  remained  the  same. 
Men  usually  marry  between  the  ages  of 
25  and  32,  women  between  those  of  nine- 
teen and  30. 

If,  however,  we  give  credit  to  a  scandal- 
ous anecdote  related  by  Lord  Karnes,  in 
his  "  Sketches  of  Man,"  we  must  impute 
to  the  Icelanders,  of  a  century  and  a  half 
ago,  a  very  profligate  disposition.  In  1707, 
it  is  said,  a  contagious  distemper  having 
cut  off  nearly  all  the  people,  the  King  of 
Denmark  fell  on  an  ingenious  device  to 
repeople  the  country.  He  caused  a  law  to 
be  promulgated  that  every  young  woman 
in  Iceland  might  bear  as  many  as  six 
illegitimate  children  without  injuring  her 
reputation  ;  but,  says  the  gossipping  philo- 
sopher, the  young  women  were  so  zealous 
to  repeople  the  country,  that  after  a  few 
years  it  was  found  necessary  to  abrogate 
the  law.  Little  dependance  is  to  be  placed 
on  such  stories,  though  the  number  of 
illegitimate  children  born  does  certainly 
contradict  the  panegyrics  on  the  pure 
morality  of  the  Icelanders,  in  which  some 
writers  are  fond  of  indulging.  About  one 
person  in  seven  is  married  ;  but  it  is  the 
custom  among  the  poor  for  persons  of  both 
sexes  to  sleep  promiscuously  in  small  close 
cabins,  which  cannot  but  corrupt  their 
manners.  In  the  fishing  towns,  especially, 
where  numerous  foreigners  have  congre- 
gated, there  are  many  prostitutes,  who 
usually  gain  only  part  of  their  livelihood 
by  that  profession.  What  their  numbers 
are  it  is  impossible  to  tell ;  but  it  seems 
that  the  crews  of  the  fishing-vessels,  as  well 
as  the  traders  who  frequent  the  ports  from 
time  to  time,  generally  resort  to  the  com- 
pany of  prostitutes,  who  present  them- 
selves in  any  numbers  that  may  be  re- 
quired. 

Extending  our  observations  to  the  re- 
mote and  desolate  coast  of  Greenland,  we 
find  a  population  partly  composed  of 
European  colonists  and   partly  of  Esqui- 


maux, who  have,  however,  a  system  of 
manners  not  identical  with  that  of  the 
tribes  we  have  already  noticed.  They  are 
a  vain  and  indolent,  but  not  a  very  sensual, 
people.  What  virtue  they  possess  consists 
rather  in  the  negation  of  active  vice,  than 
in  any  positive  good  qualities.  Their 
women  occupy  an  inferior,  yet  not  a  de- 
graded, position.  They  take  charge,  indeed, 
of  all  domestic  concerns,  make  clothes, 
tools  and  tents,  build  huts  and  canoes, 
prepare  leather,  carry  home  the  game, 
clean  and  dry  the  garments,  and  cook  the 
food,  while  their  husbands  catch  seals ; 
but  the  men  often  assist  their  wives  in 
these  occupations.  Marriage  is  essentially 
a  contract  for  mutual  convenience,  to  be 
dissolved  when  it  ceases  to  be  agreeable  to 
both.  The  woman  looks  out  for  a  skilful 
hunter,  the  man  for  an  industrious  house- 
Avife.  She  brings  him  little  dowry,  possess- 
ing usually  no  more  than  a  kettle,  a  lamp, 
some  needles,  a  knife,  and  a  few  clothes. 
Parents  seldom  interfere  with  the  matches 
of  their  children.  It  is  considered  proper 
for  a  girl,  when  a  man  comes  to  request 
her  in  marriage,  to  fly  away  and  hide 
among  the  hills,  v/hence  she  is  dragged, 
with  a  show  of  violence,  by  her  suitor.  He 
takes  her  home,  and  if  her  aversion  be  real, 
she  runs  away  again  and  again,  until  he  is 
weary  of  pursuit.  Formerly,  it  was  the 
custom  to  make  incisions  in  the  soles  of  a 
bride's  feet,  as  some  tribes  in  Siberia  and 
Borneo  are  accustomed  to  do  to  the  cap- 
tives, to  prevent  their  escaping.  When  a 
woman  is  courted  by  a  man  whom  she 
detests,  she  cuts  off  her  hair,  which  is  a 
sign  of  great  horror  and  grief,  and  usually 
rids  her  of  her  suitor.  Among  the  heathen 
tribes  polygamy  is  allowed,  though  seldom 
practised.  Divorces  sometimes  take  place. 
All  the  man  has  to  do  is  to  assume  a  stern 
expression  of  countenance,  and  quit  the 
home  for  a  few  days  without  saying  when 
he  intends  to  return.  The  woman  takes 
the  hint,  packs  up  her  few  effects,  and  goes 
with  her  children  to  the  house  of  her 
parents  or  some  friend.  Generally,  how- 
ever, they  lead  a  reputable  life,  the  women 
being  docile,  and  the  men  indulgent. 

Considering  themselves,  as  they  do,  the 
only  civilised  people  in  the  world,  the 
Greenlanders  feel  a  pride  in  observing  the 
outward  shows  of  decorum.  They  do  not 
allow  marriages  within  three  degrees  of 
affinity.  It  is  not  considered  reputable  for 
persons,  though  not  related,  who  have  been 
educated  in  the  same  house,  to  marry. 
Sometimes  a  man  takes  two  •  sisters,  or  a 
mother  and  her  daughter,  but  this  is 
viewed   with    general    reprobation.      The 


174 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


marriage  contract  is,  on  the  whole,  very 
strictly  observed,  few  divorces  taking  place, 
except  between  the  young.  "  The  most 
detestable  crime  of  polygamy,"  as  a  Danish 
writer  terms  it,  produced,  where  it  was 
practised,  little  of  that  jealousy  which 
might  be  expected  among  the  wives,  until 
the  arrival  of  the  missionaries,  who  preached 
against  it,  and  speedily  won  the  female  sex 
to  support  their  doctrine. 

There  was  formerly  in  Greenland  a  so- 
ciety resembling  very  closely  the  Physical 
Club  of  Moscow,  but  still  more  obscene 
in  its  practices.  This,  however,  has  dis- 
appeared. Prostitution,  nevertheless,  pre- 
vails to  a  considerable  degree,  widows 
and  divorced  Avomeu  almost  invariably 
adopting  it,  as  the  only  means  of  .  life,  in- 
deed, to  which  they  can  resort.  There  are 
numerous  habitations  in  the  larger  com- 
munities, which  can  only  be  described  as 
brothels  ;  but  the  profession  entails  the 
worst  odium  on  those  who  follow  it  *. 

Of  Prostitution  in  Lapland  and 
Sweden. 

A  NOTICE  of  the  Scandinavian  populations 
would  be  incomplete,  unless  we  touched 
particularly  on  the  Laplanders ;  especially 
as  they  contrast  very  strongly  with  their 
neighbours  the  Swedes,  notwithstanding 
that  these  are  far  more  inflated  with  the 
pride  of  civilization.  Forming  a  nomade 
race,  known  in  their  own  region  as  Finns, 
they  occupy  a  country  little  favoured  by 
the  prodigality  of  nature.  Nevertheless, 
where  they  have  settled  into  fixed  commu- 
nities, we  find  them  adopting  many  forms 
of  luxury,  polishing  their  manners,  and 
pursuing  wealth  with  eagerness.  But  these 
scarcely  belong  to  the  body  of  the  Lap- 
landers, and  it  is  only  necessary  to  say  of 
them  that  they  are  a  happy,  virtuous 
people,  distinguished  by  the  afiection  and 
harmony  existing  between  men  and  women. 
The  genuine  Laplander,  among  his  free 
rocks  and  snows,  lives  partly  in  a  tent, 
partly  in  a  hut ;  but,  whichever  tenement  he 
inhabits,  he  is  content  with  the  most  simple 
economy.  During  the  summer  he  wanders, 
and  is  equally  industrious  and  frugal; 
during  the  winter  he  remains  in  one  place, 
enjoying  the  fruits  of  his  labour  in  ease 

*  Henderson's  Residence  in  Iceland  ;  Trail's 
Letters  on  Iceland  ;  Karnes'  Sketches  of  Man  ; 
Gaimard's  Voyages  en  Islande  ;  Hooker's  Tour 
in  Iceland ;  Crantz's  History  of  Greenland ; 
Account  of  Greenland,  Iceland,  &c.  ;  Dillon's 
Winter  in  Greenland  ;  Barrow's  Visit  to  Iceland  ; 
Egede's  Descriptions  of  Greenland;  Graah's 
Voyage  to  Greenland. 


and  idleness.  This  is  a  peculiar  mode  of 
life,  and  has  much  influence  on  the  manners 
of  the  people;  for,  during  their  leisure 
months,  they  invent  many  pleasures,  few  of 
which  are  indulged  in  by  one  sex  apart 
from  the  other. 

The  Lapland  families  are  generally  small ; 
— three  or  four  children  being  the  largest 
number  habitually  seen;  but  what  they  do 
bring  forth,  the  women  bring  forth  easily, 
scarcely  ever  requiring  help,  and  speedily 
leaving  their  couch  to  fulfil  their  usual 
tasks. 

The  general  character  of  the  Lapland 
race  is  good.  From  whatever  cause  the 
circumstance  proceeds,  it  is  certain  that 
their  morals  are  strict  and  virtuous.  Few 
strong  passions  of  any  kind  prevail  among 
them,  and  they  are  more  especially  distin- 
guished by  their  continence. 

The  priest  of  a  large  parish  assured  one 
traveller  that  there  had  been  but  one 
instance  of  an  illegitimate  birth  during 
twenty  years,  and  that  illicit  intercourse 
between  the  sexes  was  almost  unknown. 

Old  travellers  have  amused  their  readers 
with  accounts  of  the  conjugal  infidelity 
common  in  Lapland,  and  asserted  that  the 
men  are  in  the  habit  of  ofiering  their  wives 
to  strangers :  this  appears  to  be  wholly 
untrue.  So  far  from  truth  is  it,  indeed, 
that  adultery  is  a  crime  almost  unknown 
among  them;  they  are,  in  fact,  rather 
jealous  than  otherwise  of  their  women. 
The  intercourse  of  the  sexes,  nevertheless, 
is  free  and  agreeable ;  their  marriages  are 
contracted,  sometimes  according  to  the 
choice  of  the  young  people,  sometimes  by 
that  of  their  parents.  Prostitution  is  un- 
known among  them,  except  in  the  fishing 
towns,  where  a  few  wretched  women  have 
taken  to  that  mode  of  life ;  but,  on  the 
whole,  they  are  a  chaste  and  virtuous  race. 

The  great  difierence  between  the  insti- 
tutions of  Norway  and  those  of  Sweden 
consist  in  this — that  in  the  former,  man- 
ners influence  the  law ;  while  in  the  latter, 
law  attempts  to  regulate  every  detail  of 
public  manners. 

Men,  says  the  public  law  of  Sweden, 
attain  their  majority  at  the  age  of  21 
years,  but  women  remain  in  tutelage  dur- 
ing the  whole  period  of  their  lives,  unless 
the  king  grants  a  privilege  of  exemption  : 
widows,  however,  are  excepted.  Men  can- 
not legally  marry  before  the  age  of  21. 
Even  to  this  rule  there  is  an  exception,  for 
among  the  peasants  of  the  north  it  is  law- 
ful for  a  youth  of  eighteen  to  take  a  wife 
— a  device  adopted  to  increase  the  popula- 
tion of  those  thinly-inhabited  provinces. 
Women  may  marry  immediately  after  their 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


175 


confirmation,  which  never  takes  place  be- 
fore fourteen.  The  nuptials  are  recognised 
by  law,  and  are  celebrated  in  the  presence 
of  a  priest,  by  the  gift  of  a  ring.  A  man 
desiring  to  take  his  sister-in-law  to  wife, 
must  have  permission  from  the  king.  A 
few  years  ago  an  ordinance  was  abolished 
which  required  a  similar  formality  to  be 
gone  through  previous  to  the  marriage  of 
cousins.  A  man  may  marry  without  the 
consent  of  any  one;  but  a  woman  must 
obtain  the  sanction  of  her  parent  or  guar- 
dian. To  render  binding  the  contract, 
which  stipulates  for  the  rights  of  each 
with  respect  to  property,  it  must  be  pre- 
sented to  the  magistrates  of  the  place,  and 
signed  by  the  priest,  before  the  celebration 
of  the  wedding. 

In  default  of  such  an  agreement  a  divi- 
sion takes  place,  under  rules  which  differ 
in  the  country  and  in  the  town.  In  the 
former,  two-thirds  of  the  property  belong 
to  the  man,  and  one-third  to  the  woman  ; 
in  the  latter,  half  is  apportioned  to  each. 

Marriage,  when  fully  consummated,  is 
not  indissoluble.  Divorce  may  be  pro- 
nounced by  the  public  tribunals  of  justice. 
First,  for  adultery  on  the  part  of  the  hus- 
band or  of  the  wife  ;  second,  on  the  condem- 
nation of  one  or  the  other,  on  account  of 
a  felonious  crime,  to  loss  of  honour  and 
liberty  for  ten  years ;  thirdly,  in  cases  of 
insanity;  fourthly,  for  desertion,  neglect, 
or  the  continued  absence,  without  intelli- 
gence, of  husband  or  wife.  When  a  mar- 
ried person  complains  of  having  been 
abandoned,  the  magistrate  fixes  a  certain 
interval  during  which  the  other  may  make 
answer;  a  notice  is  inserted  in  the  gazette 
and  the  newspapers.  If,  at  the  expiration 
of  this  period,  no  reply  is  heard,  the  di- 
vorce is  pronounced.  The  length  of  ab- 
sence necessary  to  justify  such  a  separa- 
tion is  left  to  the  discretion  of  the  judge. 
Fifthly,  when  one  person  is  palmed  off 
for  another ;  sixthly,  for  ill-treatment ; 
seventhly,  for  apostasy ;  eighthly,  for  incu- 
rable epilepsy.  After  the  sentence  of  the 
civil  tribunal,  the  divorce  is  held  good  in 
an  ecclesiastical  court. 

A  man  is  bound  to  support  his  natural 
children,  and  inquiries  in  cases  of  affiliation 
are  frequent.  When  a  girl  accuses  a  man 
before  a  public  tribunal,  of  being  the  fa- 
ther of  her  child,  he  may  deny  it  upon 
oath,  when  her  allegation  is  dismissed,  un- 
less she  can  prove  by  witnesses,  or  by  any 
other  evidence,  that  her  claim  is  absolutely 
just.  As  such  a  proof  is  difficult  to  obtain, 
there  are  abundance  of  false  oaths  made  at 
Stockholm.  A  girl  sometimes  accuses  a 
peasant  of  being  the  parent  of  her  child. 


demanding,  perhaps,  a  sum  of  money  equal 
to  a  sovereign  of  our  coinage,  by  way  of 
compensation.  The  man  refuses  to  pay  it, 
and  offers  to  swear  that  he  is  not  the 
child's  father.  The  magistrate  then  seeks 
by  persuasion  to  induce  him  to  confess  the 
truth ;  but  he  persists  in  his  refusal  until 
the  woman  modifies  her  claim.  He  con- 
tinues all  the  while  to  threaten  her  with 
the  oath  of  repudiation,  unless  she  is  con- 
tented with  his  offer.  If  she  accepts  a 
miserable  trifle,  he  acknowledges  the  debt ; 
if  not,  he  perjures  himself,  and  the  law 
allows  him  to  escape,  though  morally  con- 
vinced, beyond  all  question,  of  his  profli- 
gacy and  falsehood. 

The  illegitimate  child  has  no  claim  on 
the  property  of  its  father,  or  even  on  that 
of  its  mother;  but  if  the  parents  marry, 
however  short  a  time  before  the  child's 
birth,  it  is  saved  from  the  stigma  of  bas- 
tardy. A  legitimate  child  cannot  be  dis- 
inherited by  its  parents,  unless  for  marry- 
ing against  their  consent,  or  being  con- 
demned for  felony  to  a  heavy  and  disgrace- 
ful punishment. 

Death  is  the  penalty  attached  to  infanti- 
cide, but  is  almost  invariably  commuted  to 
detention  for  a  longer  or  shorter  period, 
with  hard  labour  in  prison.  In  1832  the 
House  of  Correction  for  females  in  Stock- 
holm, which  served  for  all  Sweden,  con- 
tained 290  women,  of  which  45  were  con- 
demned to  hard  labour  for  life  ;  of  these, 
30  had  murdered  their  children. 

The  punishments  denounced  against 
adultery  endeavour  to  mark  a  distinction 
between  particular  degrees  of  the  crime. 
Incest  and  bestiality  are,  however,  pu- 
nished only  with  a  moderate  fine.  When 
a  married  man  indulges  in  guilty  inter- 
course with  a  married  woman,  they  both 
suffer  death  by  decapitation.  When  it  is 
committed  by  a  married  man  with  a  girl 
betrothed  and  pregnant  by  her  lover,  he 
receives  120  blows  with  a  stick,  and  she 
90  lashes  with  a  whip.  Punishments  of 
this  sort  continually  take  place  in  a  public 
square  at  Stockholm.  At  present,  in 
whipping  the  girls  on  their  naked  persons, 
care  is  taken  to  protect  their  bosoms  and 
their  abdomens  with  plates  of  copper. 
Formerly,  however,  when  this  precaution 
was  not  adopted,  the  lash  frequently  lace- 
rated the  bosom  and  tore  open  the  flesh,  so 
as  to  expose  the  bowels.  When  adultery 
is  committed  by  a  married  man  with  an 
affianced  girl,  or  the  reverse,  a  simple 
fine  is  exacted ;  in  default  of  which,  im- 
prisonment on  bread  and  water,  or  a  public 
flogging,  is  inflicted.  When  one  of  the 
criminals  only  is  married,  and  the  other  is 


176 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


entirely  free,  an  inferior  money  penalty  is 
adjudged. 

An  unmarried  woman  becoming  a  mother 
pays  to  the  church  penance  money,  to  a 
certain  amount.  So  also  does  every  man  : 
that  is  to  say,  the  law  enacts  it ;  but  it  is, 
perhaps,  needless  to  add  that  the  priests 
get,  iu  this  respect,  much  less  than  is  legally 
their  due. 

In  1836  prostitution  was  forbidden  by 
law  throughout  Sweden.  The  public  woman, 
being  convicted,  was  imprisoned  in  a  house 
of  correction,  until  she  had  time  to  reclaim 
herself,  and  some  one  was  willing  to  take 
her  into  service.  The  same,  indeed,  was 
done  to  any  poor  woman,  whatever  her 
character,  who  could  not  describe  her  occu- 
pation. Many  little  girls,  some  not  more 
than  eleven  years  old,  were  confined  as  a 
punishment  for  being  without  a  regular 
avocation.  Professional  and  open  prostitu- 
tion being  thus  severally  prohibited  by  the 
law,  there  were,  at  that  period,  no  regular 
brothels  in  Sweden ;  but  the  women  of  the 
lower  orders  were  so  corrupt,  that  prostitu- 
tion was  as  common  as  possible.  "  Every 
servant  girl,"  says  the  advocate  Angelot, 
who  wrote  in  1836,  "  may  be  considered  as 
a  public  prostitute,  and  every  house  of 
public  entertainment  may  be  described  as 
a  brothel." 

So  far  the  laws  describe  the  manners  of 
Sweden ;  that  is,  they  indicate  the  profligacy 
they  are  unable  to  cure.  The  country  is, 
perhaps,  one  of  the  most  demoralized  in 
Europe.  During  many  years  it  continued 
to  decline  in  population,  prosperity,  and  cha- 
racter ;  and  if  during  the  last  quarter  of  a 
century  it  has  improved  in  these  respects, 
it  is  because  the  old  system  of  institutions 
is  gradually  wearing  away. 

Superficial  travellers,  who  gather  their 
ideas  of  other  countries  by  no  other  light 
than  that  of  the  chandelier,  and  in  no  other 
society  than  that  of  fops  and  flirts,  describe 
Sweden  as  a  paradise  of  good  breeding  and 
elegance.  Society  is  there  often  gay  and 
lively,  which  satisfies  the  inquiries  of  such 
tourists.  The  ladies  of  that  nation  also 
possess  many  fascinations,  with  an  apparent 
frankness  and  sincerity,  which  never  fail 
to  please.  The  women  of  the  humbler 
orders  v/ear,  in  the  streets,  the  airs  of  modesty, 
and  never  shock  the  eye  by  exhibitions  of 
wantonness  or  indecency.  The  intercourse 
of  the  sexes  is  extremely  free ;  and  there- 
fore there  are  fewer  signs  of  intrigue, 
because  this  is  not  necessary ;  but  to  infer 
from  such  circumstances  that  Sweden  is  a 
moral  country,  is  to  fall  into  a  grievous 
error. 

Sweden  is  immoral,  and  Stockholm  is  the 


most  immoral  place  in  Sweden.  For  many 
years  it  absolutely  decayed  under  the  moral 
disease  which  afflicted  it.  In  1830  it  con- 
tained nearly  81,000  inhabitants ;  this  num- 
ber decreased  in  a  year  or  two  to  77,000, 
and  the  deaths  during  a  period  of  ten  years 
exceeded  the  births  by  an  average  of  895. 
Yet  it  is  in  a  healthy  situation ;  the  people 
are  well  lodged;  everything,  indeed,  is 
there  to  render  it  pure  and  salubrious ;  but 
the  moral  atmosphere  is  tainted  by  a  con- 
tinual epidemic  of  depravity. 

The  Avhole  nation  numbers  about  3,000,000; 
but  it  is  in  the  capital  that  the  excess  of 
profligacy  is  displayed.  Three  or  four  years 
ago  the  proportion  of  illegitimate  children 
was  as  one  to  two  and  three-tenths,  that  is  to 
say,  one  person  out  of  every  three  was  a 
bastard.  Taking  all  Sweden,  we  find  the  pro- 
portion of  the  ten  years,  from  1800  to  1810, 
was  one  in  sixteen  ;  from  1810  to  1820,  one  in 
fourteen ;  from  1820  to  1830,  one  in  fourteen 
and  six-tenths.  It  was  thus  the  town 
population  which  was  to  be  charged  with 
the  immoral  result  of  depravity.  In  Stock- 
holm, however,  statistics  could  not  fully 
exhibit  the  general  demoralization.  Laing 
asserts  his  deliberate  belief  that  the  off- 
spring of  adultery  and  children  saved  from 
illegitimacy  by  the  late  marriage  of  their 
parents  were  there  exceedingly  numerous ; 
and  it  is  probable  that  the  law  forbidding 
young  men  to  marry  before  they  were  21 
years  of  age  had,  in  this  respect,  a  very 
evil  influence,  as  similar  checks  have  un- 
doubtedly had  in  Norway. 

In  1837  the  government  of  Sweden, 
finding  that  to  prohibit  prostitution  was 
not  to  prevent  it,  and  that  the  vice  they 
sought  to  check  increased  in  spite  of  their 
efforts,  ran,  at  one  impulse,  to  a  contrary 
extreme.  Formerly  no  public  women  were 
allowed,  now  they  were  created  as  a  class  ; 
formerly  no  brothels  were  permitted  to  be 
kept  by  private  individuals,  now  a  huge 
brothel  was  instituted  by  the  authorities.  A 
large  hotel  was  hired,  was  fitted  up  for 
the  purpose,  and  opened  to  all  the  city.  A 
number  of  unfortunate  women  were  ex- 
pected to  inhabit  this  licensed  resort  of  in- 
famy, and  it  speedily  overflowed.  A  code 
of  regulations  was  framed  for  the  govern- 
ment of  the  place  ;  but  the  barbarity  of 
this  discipline  prevented  the  scheme  from 
succeeding.  Prostitution,  however,  had 
been  recognised  by  law.  Therefore,  though 
the  government  brothel  was  abandoned, 
others  were  multiplied  in  its  place  ;  and 
vice,  which  had  rioted  under  a  mask,  ap- 
peared in  her  proper  form,  among  the  citi- 
zens of  Stockholm.  Nevertheless,  numbers 
of  the  restaurants   and   houses   of  public 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


177 


entertainment  still  retain  their  original 
character  as  the  secret  resorts  of  prosti- 
tutes and  their  companions.  One  great 
cause  of  the  immorality  prevalent  in  Stock- 
holm was,  that  no  vroman  who  couM  afford 
to  do  otherwise,  or  had  any  of  the  wretched 
pride  of  respectability,  Avould  suckle  her 
own  child.  Wet  nurses,  therefore,  were  in 
great  request.  Unmarried  girls  were  abso- 
lutely preferred,  because  the  family  was 
not  troubled  with  their  husbands.  Their 
own  offspring  were  meanwhile  transferred 
to  the  foundling  hospital,  which  remains 
another  licence  to  immorality.  There  are 
in  Stockholm  two  of  these  institutions, 
where  the  children  are  educated,  on  pay- 
ment of  a  premium  varying  from  five  to 
ten  pounds  sterling  of  English  coinage. 
In  1819  there  were  born  in  Sweden  14,000 
illegitimate  children,  being  nearly  a  se- 
venth of  the  births.  M.  Alexandre  Dau- 
mont  says,  that  there  was  in  Woesend,  a 
canton  of  Finland,  a  special  law  which, 
granting  to  women  equal  rights  of  property 
with  the  men,  improved  the  character  of 
their  morals.  But  no  institutions  will 
improve  the  manners  of  a  country  like 
Sweden,  until  the  national  sentiments  are 
purified,  for  the  example  of  the  court  and 
the  nobility,  says  Mr.  Laing,  have  in- 
structed the  people  so  far,  that  it  is  only 
a  moral  revolution  which  can  reclaim 
them. 

There  is  in  Stockholm  a  separate  hospital 
for  the  treatment  of  syphilis.  It  received 
in  one  year  701  patients,  148  being  from 
the  country  and  the  rest  from  the  city  it- 
self. In  that  year  (1832)  the  number  of 
unmarried  persons,  of  both  sexes,  above 
the  age  of  fifteen,  was  33,581.  Conse- 
quently, 1  person  out  of  every  61  was 
afiiicted  by  the  venereal  disease. 

The  condition  of  women  in  Sweden  is 
low  in  comparison  with  the  other  countries 
of  Europe,  and  offers  a  strong  contrast  with 
that  which  we  discover  in  Norway.  Tasks 
are  assigned  among  the  humble  orders  to 
the  female  sex  against  which  true  civiliza- 
tion would  revolt.  They  carry  sacks,  row 
boats,  sift  lime,  and  bear  other  heavy  la- 
bours. Among  the  middle  classes  they 
hold  an  inferior  situation  ;  but  among  the 
higher,  though  little  respected,  they  are 
comparatively  free*. 

*  Angelot's  Legislation  des  Etats  du  Nord  ; 
0;ipel  Brookes's  Winter  in  Lapland  and  SAveden  ; 
Heichard's  Guide  des  Voyageurs ;  Bramsen's 
Letters  of  a  Prussian  Traveller ;  Laing's  Tour  in 
Sweden  ;  Tryzell's  History  of  Sweden  ;  Frank - 
land's  Visits  to  Courts  of  Russia  and  Sweden. 


Of  Prostitution  in  Norway. 


Living  under  ancient  laws  and  social  ar- 
rangements distinct  in  their  principles  no 
less  than  in  their  forms  from  those  which 
discipline  society  in  the  feudal  countries 
of  Europe,  the  people  of  Norway  are 
among  the  most  singular  and  interesting 
in  the  world.  Their  peculiar  institutions, 
which  never  admitted  of  an  hereditary 
nobility,  have  distributed  property  among 
all,  so  that  nowhere  is  there  less  poverty, 
or  more  abundance  of  the  necessaries  of 
life.  These  circumstances  have  exerted  a 
powerful  influence  on  the  moral  character 
of  the  Norwegians.  It  is  consequently 
important  to  inquire  into  their  manners, 
since  the  solution  of  many  social  problems 
may,  by  such  an  investigation,  be  assisted. 

There  are  in  Norway  two  classes  of 
checks  upon  the  rapid  increase  of  popula- 
tion— one  arising  from  their  public  eco- 
nomy, the  other  artificial,  and  under  the 
influence  of  law.  In  all  countries  where 
the  poor  possess  the  land,  provident  mar- 
riages prevent  the  growth  of  a  pauper 
population,  and  this  is  the  case  in  Norway. 
So  far  the  results  produced  are  wholly 
beneficial ;  but  here  other  restraints  are 
imposed,  which,  being  somewhat  extra- 
vagant, miss  their  object,  and  exert  bad 
efiects  on  the  moral  tone  of  the  commu- 
nity. 

A  marriage  in  Norway  is  an  occasion, 
not  only  of  long  and  formal  ceremonies, 
but  of  considerable  expense.  This  cir- 
cumstance has  two  opposite  tendencies  on 
the  character  of  the  people.  It  is  not  con- 
sidered respectable  to  marry  unless  some 
grand  display  takes  place,  with  a  liberal 
festival,  the  distribution  of  presents,  a  long 
holiday,  and  other  means  of  expenditure, 
which  create  a  provident  spirit  and  pru- 
dent habit,  which  stimulate  industry,  and 
contribute  to  the  general  happiness  and 
prosperity.  Spending  on  their  wedding- 
day  what  would  support  them  during 
twelve  months,  many  young  couples  do, 
indeed,  commit  acts  of  injurious  extra- 
vagance in  emulation  of  their  neighbours  ; 
but  in  accumulating  what  they  thus  lavish, 
they  have  acquired  the  custom  of  saving, 
the  necessity  for  which  puts  off  the  period 
of  marriage.  The  Lutheran  church  also 
holds  another  strong  check  upon  impro- 
vident and  ill-considered  marriages.  It 
compels  all  within  its  communion  to  ob- 
serve two  separate  ceremonies — one  the  be- 
trothal, the  other  the  wedding.  The  first 
must  precede  the  second  by  several  months 
at  least,  and  generally  does  by  one,  two, 
three,  or  even  four  or  five  years.     This  in- 


N 


178 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


terposes  a  seasonable  pause  between  the 
first  engagement,  which  may  have  sprung 
out  of  a  temporary  passion,  and  its  irre- 
vocable ratification,  which  may  be  the  pre- 
lude to  a  life  of  misery.  It  has  been  cal- 
culated that  the  practical  result  of  this 
interval  between  the  period  when  a  girl 
becomes  naturally,  and  that  when  she 
becomes  legally  marriageable,  checks  the 
growth  of  the  population  by  four  or  five 
per  cent.  Maintained  within  just  limits 
such  social  laws  are  found  to  act  benefi- 
ci.iily,  and  tend  in  every  way  to  improve 
the  condition,  manners,  habits,  and  morals 
of  the  people. 

In  Norway,  however,  they  have  been 
jDushed  beyond  the  frontiers  of  moderation, 
and  in  many  cases  cause  more  evils  than 
they  cure.  For  it  is  found  impossible  to 
put  a  bridle  on  human  nature.  Powerful 
impulses  attract  the  sexes  to  intercourse, 
and  it  frequently  occurs  that  the  betrothed 
girl  becomes  a  mother  before  she  becomes 
a  wife.  Up  among  the  high  districts  of 
the  interior,  it  is  said  that  the  peasant  girl 
rarely  marries  until  she  has  borne  a  child. 
Throughout  Norway,  indeed,  the  propor- 
tion of  illegitimate  to  legitimate  children 
is  about  one  to  five,  and  in  some  parishes, 
where  the  restraint  upon  marriage  is 
greatest,  the  average  lies  far  more  towards 
the  side  of  immorality.  In  one  of  these 
districts,  where  there  are  no  other  obvious 
causes  of  profligacy,  such  as  the  resort  of 
shipping,  the  cantonment  of  troops,  the 
neighbourhood  of  a  great  manufactory,  or 
any  other  of  the  usual  demoralizing  in- 
fluences, the  proportion  of  illegitimate 
children  is  nearly  one  to  three. 

This  by  no  means  implies,  however,  a 
profligate  disposition  in  the  Norwegians — 
male  or  female.  The  woman  who  bears 
oflspring  by  a  lover  is  almost  invariably 
married  to  him  afterwards  ;  it  is  impatience 
of  the  restraint  put  upon  them  by  the  law 
which  impels  them  to  this  illicit  communi- 
cation. The  evils  of  illegitimacy  are  also, 
in  a  great  measure,  counteracted  by  liberal 
and  wise  regulations.  Subsequent  marriage 
of  the  parents  removes  the  stigma  of 
bastardy  from  their  children.  A  man,  even, 
who  feels  inclined  to  marry  another  woman, 
when  his  first  friend  has  died  or  become 
iudifierent  to  him,  may  legitimatize  his 
former  children,  by  a  particular  legal  in- 
strument. This,  in  such  cases,  which  are 
rare,  is  commonly  done,  and  all,  conse- 
quently, share  alike  in  their  father's  in- 
heritance. Some  neglect  to  perform  this 
act  of  justice,  but  instances  seldom  or  never 
occur  of  a  man  leaving  his  offspring  deso- 
late when  he  has  any  means  or  o^^portunity 


of  providing  for  them,  which  in  Norway 
almost  every  person  has.  Women  in  Norway 
occupy  a  position  of  superior  honour.  They 
have,  perhaps,  more  to  do  with  the  real 
business  "  of  life,  and  more  share  in  those 
occupations  which  require  the  exertion  of 
intellect  and  study,  than  in  England. 
They  enjoy  less  compliment,  but  more  re- 
spect, which  all  the  sensible  members  of 
their  sex  would  infinitely  prefer.  She,  in- 
deed, who  provides  for  a  household,  under 
the  peculiar  domestic  arrangements  of  the 
country,  and  presides  over  its  economy,  is 
held  in  high  estimation.  Women,  in  fact, 
hold  a  very  just  position  in  the  society  of 
Norway,  having  that  influence  and  partici- 
pation in  its  affairs  which  develope  their 
mental  and  cultivate  their  moral  qualities. 
Yet  it  is  far  from  true  that  they  occupy 
themselves  entirely  with  the  sober  business, 
paying  no  attention  to  the  elegant  arts  of 
life.  Many  of  them  adorn  themselves 
also  in  those  lighter  accomplishments  which 
gracefully  amuse  a  leisure  hour  ;  but  they 
certainly  do  not  exhaust  on  song  or  dance, 
or  the  embroidery  frame,  the  most  valuable 
powers  they  possess.  The  able  and  ob- 
servant traveller,  Laing,  supplies  a  true 
picture  of  their  character  and  position,  ob- 
serving that  among  the  wealthier  merchants 
the  state  of  the  female  sex  is  less  natural 
and  less  to  be  admired  than  among  the 
humble  classes,  which  compose  the  general 
mass  of  society.  Generally  speaking,  there- 
fore, women  nowhere  play  a  more  important 
part  in  the  affairs  of  social  life  than  in 
tha.t  remote  and  romantic  part  of  Europe. 
Among  the  poor  the  division  of  labour 
between  the  sexes  is  excellent :  all  the  in- 
door work  is  assigned  to  the  women,  all 
the  outdoor  labour  to  the  men. 

Travellers,  among  whom  jAIary  Wolstone- 
croft  is  one,  have  nevertheless  complained 
direly  of  the  situation  women  hold  in 
Norway.  One  gentleman  condemns  the 
national  character,  because  the  ladies  in 
respectable  houses  often  wait  at  their  own 
tables  ;  but  this  is  a  national  peculiarity, 
hereditary  among  the  Norwegians.  It  is  a 
voluntary  oflSce  ;  no  compulsion  is  used  to 
impose  this  or  any  other  task  upon  them. 
All  that  we  can  infer  from  such  a  custom 
is,  the  dissimilarity  of  ideas  on  points  of 
propriety  which  prevail  with  different 
nations.  The  English  pity  the  women  of 
Norway,  because  they  sometimes  wait  at 
their  own  tables  ;  the  Norwegians  accuse 
the  men  in  England  of  ill-breeding,  be- 
cause they  do  not  take  off"  their  hats  when- 
ever a  female  appears  in  sight,  and  be- 
cause they  dismiss  the  ladies  after  dinner. 

With   respect  to   the   actual   morals   of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


179 


Norway,  we  may  assign  them  the  highest 
rank.  The  number  of  illegitimate  births 
can  scarcely  be  described,  under  the  cir- 
cumstances we  have  noticed,  as  indicating 
an  immoral  disposition  in  the  people.  No- 
where is  adultery  less  frequent.  The 
matrons  are  almost  universally  above  sus- 
picion, while  street-walking  and  professional 
prostitution  are  almost  unknown.  The 
most  profligate  class  of  females  appears  to 
be  the  domestic  servants  *. 

Of  PfvOStitution  in  Denmark. 

In  the  laws  of  Denmark  in  1834  the 
position  of  the  sexes,  the  regulations  of  the 
marriage  contracts,  and  the  restrictions  on 
public  immorality  were  sought  to  be  fixed, 
with  every  distinction  of  detail.  A  man 
was  declared  under  tutelage  until  the  age 
of  eighteen,  and  under  a  modified  authority 
until  twenty -five,  after  which  he  attained 
independence  in  all  the  acts  of  his  life  as  a 
citizen.  The  woman  was  declared  to  re- 
main under  tutelage  all  her  life.  Even 
the  v\ridow  must  place  herself  under  a 
guardian,  without  whose  consent  she  can 
do  nothing  ;  but  this  person  she  may  choose 
herself.  She  may  place  herself  under  the 
direction  of  one  or  K\any,  and  even  dis- 
tribute authority  among  them,  but  is  never 
allowed  to  assert  an  independent  ex- 
istence. 

To  contract  marriage  a  man  must  be  at 
least  twenty  years  old,  and  the  woman  not 
under  sixteen.  The  system  of  legal  and 
binding  betrothmenta  was  abandoned  in 
1799  ;  but  previous  to  that  period  the  cere- 
mony of  affiancing  the  bridegroom  to  the 
bride  was  important  and  almost  as  absolute 
as  the  last  ceremony  itself. 

To  contract  a  legal  marriage,  it  is  es- 
sential that  both  persons  shall  be  free  from 
the  ties  of  any  other  legal  engagements. 
Persons  who  are  related  to  each  other  in  an 
ascending  or  descending  line  are  prohibited 
from  marrying.  Brother  and  sister,  says 
the  code,  may  not  marry ;  but  brother-in- 
law  and  sister-in-law,  uncle  and  niece,  may. 
A  man  who  desires  to  marry  his  mother's 
or  father's  sister  must  obtain  a  special  per- 
mission from  the  government. 

*  Lairg's  Residences  in  Norway ;  Wittich's 
Western  Coast  of  Norway;  Two  Summers  in 
Norway  ;  Latham's  Norway  and  the  Norweyiaiis  ; 
Elliot's  Letters  from  the  North  ;  Mathew  Jones's 
Travels;  Clarke's  Travels;  Count  Bjornstyere's 
Moral  State  of  Norway ;  Buch's  Travels  in 
Norway  ;  Price's  Wild  Scenes  in  Norway ;  Ross's 
Yacht  Voj'age  to  Norway  ;  Kraft's  Topographisk, 
Statistisk,  Bestrifelse-iber  Kongeriget  Norge, 
Christiania,  1820,  5  vols.  8vo. 


It  is  necessary  before  marriage  to  pro- 
cure the  consent  of  the  parents  or  guardians 
or  guardians  of  both  parties ;  but  if  they 
refuse,  their  refusal  may  be  complained  of, 
and  the  judge,  reproving  them,  may  order 
the  union  to  take  place  in  spite  of  their 
opposition.  At  twenty-five  years  of  age 
the  man  is  released  from  this  authority. 

According  to  an  ordonnance  passed  in 
1734,  promises  of  marriage  may  be  written 
or  verbal ;  a  promise  of  marriage  by  written 
agreement  must  bear  the  handwriting, 
seal,  and  signature  of  him  who  makes  it. 
It  must  be  certified  by  two  witnesses, 
respectable  men,  before  there  is  any  com- 
munication between  the  man  and  the 
woman.  The  verbal  promise  must  also  be 
spoken  aloud  in  the  presence  of  two  re- 
spectable men,  before  any  intercourse  is 
allowed.  Such  engagements  are  binding, 
and  the  man  who  breaks  one  may  be  prose- 
cuted at  law. 

There  are,  however,  certain  descriptions 
of  persons  whom  the  law  does  not  allow  to 
invoke  the  faith  of  such  promises.  Widows, 
who  desire  to  act  against  their  guardians' 
consent,  and  women  of  bad  reputation,  are 
in  this  manner  excluded.  A  servant  cannot 
plead  a  promise  of  marriage  against  her 
master,  her  master's  son,  or  any  person 
dwelling  in  the  same  house.  A  man  may 
also  repudiate,  by  a  formal  oath,  the  accu- 
sation of  a  pregnant  woman  who  pretends 
he  has  promised  her  marriage,  and  that  he 
is  the  father  of  the  child  she  bears  in  her 
womb,  unless  she  can  prove  her  allegation 
by  su^ient  testimony. 

Divorce  is  permitted,  and  may  be  pro- 
nounced immediately  when  legal  cause  is 
proved  against  one  or  other  of  a  married 
pair.  It  may  be  demanded  in  the  case  of 
simple  abandonment  during  seven  years,  or 
malicious  intentional  desertion  for  three 
years.,  in  the  case  of  condemnation  to  per- 
petual hard  labour,  of  impotence  existing 
previously  to  marriage,  of  the  venereal 
disease  contracted  previously  to  marriage, 
of  insanity  supervening  upon  marriage,  and 
of  adultery.  Divorce  may  also  take  place, 
without  any  judgment  from  the  public  tri- 
bunal, when  both  parties  equally  desire  it. 

In  this  case,  after  the  married  persons 
have  declared  their  intention,  they  must  be 
entirely  separated  in  bed  and  at  table 
during  three  years ;  when,  if  they  perse- 
vere in  their  desires,  the  separation  is  le- 
gally complete.  If,  however,  at  the  expira- 
tion of  that  period,  one  of  them  refuse  to 
abide  by  the  agreement,  the  administrative 
college  may  order  it  to  be  fulfilled,  notwith- 
standing all  such  opposition.  Lastly,  the 
king  may  always  allow  a  divorce  to  take 


N2 


180 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


place,  for  any  or  no  cause,  according  to  his 
royal  pleasure. 

Inquiries  into  the  maternity  or  paternity 
of  children  are  permitted.  If  a  girl  ac- 
cuses a  man  of  having  been  the  father  of 
an  infant  to  her,  he  can  only  rebut  the 
charge  by  taking  a  solemn  oath  that  he  had 
intercourse  with  her  at  the  period  presumed 
to  be  the  date  of  her  conception.  She  may 
then  prove,  if  she  can,  by  any  means  what- 
ever, that  he  is  swearing  falsely  ;  but  such 
evidence  being  difficult  to  complete,  so  as 
to  produce  legal  conviction,  many  indivi- 
duals escape  the  burden  which  justly  at- 
taches to  them. 

He  who  acknowledges  or  is  proved  the 
father  of  a  natural  child  is  bound,  until  it 
attains  its  tenth  year,  to  maintain  it  ac- 
cording to  his  rank  in  life.  Should  he 
refuse  to  pay  what  he  has  promised,  he 
may  be  imprisoned  on  bread  and  water. 
Every  twenty-four  hours  thus  spent  acquit 
him  of  about  half-a-crown  of  his  liability. 

Illegitimate  children  have  no  claim  upon 
the  inheritance  of  their  father's  property  ; 
but  to  that  of  their  mother,  or  even  of 
their  mother's  parents,  they  are  absolutely 
entitled.  A  natural  child  may  be  adopted 
or  legitimatized  by  subsequent  marriage,  in 
which  case  it  loses  all  the  disability  which 
attached  to  its  former  condition.  In  1831 
the  proportion  of  illegitimate  children  in 
Denmark  was  one  in  nine  and  three-fifths. 
In  Copenhagen,  however,  the  frighful 
proportion  was  exhibited  of  one  to  three 
and  a  half. 

The  law  adjudges  to  the  child  killor  death 
without  mercy.  She  is  decapitated,  and  her 
head  fixed  upon  a  spike.  The  woman  who 
does  not  take  proper  precautions  before 
the  delivery  of  her  ofispring  is  accounted 
guilty  of  infanticide  should  the  infant  die. 

Notwithstanding  the  severity  of  the  law 
infanticide  is  a  very  common  crime  in 
Denmark,  although  it  contains  foundling 
hospitals,  at  least  in  Copenhagen.  Angelot 
saw  in  one  of  the  prisons  of  that  city  a 
man,  who,  after  having  flung  his  four  chil- 
dren into  the  water,  went  immediately 
before  a  magistrate,  declaring  that  he  could 
not  provide  them  with  sustenance,  and  had 
consequently  thought  it  better  to  send 
them  to  God.  Another  of  these  murderers 
was  a  woman,  who  had  cut  the  throats  of 
two  of  her  children,  and  was  engaged  in 
attempting  to  kill  the  third,  when  she  was 
arrested.  Superstition  and  misery,  com- 
bined with  the  looseness  of  morals  in  the 
capital  of  Denmark,  were  the  chief  causes 
of  these  fearful  crimes  against  nature. 
The  criminals  are  condemned  to  the  death 
we  have  mentioned,  but  their  sentence  is 


usually  commuted  to  imprisonment  for  life 
in  a  house  of  correction. 

The  punishment  denounced  against  un- 
natural crimes  was  formerly  that  of  burn- 
ing alive  ;  but  it  is  now  softened  to  that  of 
perpetual  exile  or  forced  labour. 

The  husband  may  be  prosecuted  for  adul- 
tery, as  well  as  the  wife,  and  it  is  an  ofi'ence 
which,  says  the  code,  may  be  punished  by 
law ;  but  authority  seldom  interferes.  The 
ancient  Danes  visited  the  crime  with  death, 
and  that  at  a  period  when  murderers  were 
only  condemned  to  pay  a  fine.  At  present 
the  penalty  is  fixed,  for  the  first  ofience, 
at  confiscation  of  a  tenth  part  of  the 
guilty  person's  property ;  for  the  second, 
banishment.  For  the  third  repetition  of 
the  crime  the  adulterer  may  be  tied  up  in 
a  sack  and  drowned.  The  law,  however, 
has  now  become  obsolete  through  long  dis- 
use. 

Women  may  take  to  public  prostitution 
if  they  receive  permission  from  the  autho- 
rities. They  are  not  troubled  afterwards 
unless  they  ofiend  against  peace  or  de- 
cency, or  bear  more  children  than  may 
legally  be  born.  The  code  declares  that 
any  unmarried  woman  who  becomes  the 
mother  of  two  children  may  be  prose- 
cuted, fined,  and  committed  to  prison. 
Custom,  however,  in  this,  as  in  many 
other  instances,  is  more  considerate  than 
the  law,  and  no  woman  is  troubled  who 
has  not  born  three  children  by  three  dif- 
ferent men;  even  then  a  permission  of  a 
special  character  is  necessary  before  the 
prosecution  can  be  carried  on.  No  doubt 
these  restrictions  encourage  women  to  pro- 
cure abortion,  or  destroy  their  offspring 
when  born.  Prostitutes  are  very  nume- 
rous, and  the  vexatious  restraints  upon 
marriage  appear  to  produce  much  immo- 
rality. In  Copenhagen,  hoAvever,  the  cor- 
ruption of  society  cannot  be  altogether,  or 
even  chiefly,  traced  to  that  cause ;  for  the 
manners  of  the  city  are,  in  a  general  sense, 
profligate. 

The  appearance  of  the  women  belonging 
to  the  lower  classes  in  Copenhagen,  as  in 
Stockholm,  is  remarkably  modest  and  un- 
presuming.  Neat  and  tasteful  in  their 
costume,  they  preserve  in  their  own  homes 
a  freshness  and  a  comfort  which  indicate 
that  they  enjoy  a  position  of  some  honour ; 
for  where  women  are  not  well  treated, 
they  never  have  a  pride  in  keeping  their 
clothes,  habitations,  or  persons  clean  and 
elegant. 

It  seems  that  the  condition  as  well  as 
the  morality  of  the  sex  has  improved  since 
the  laws  of  the  country  have  become  more 
polished  by  civilization.    The  code  we  have 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


181 


described  belonged  to  a  period  several  years 
back.  Since  then  a  new  constitution  has 
been  established  ;  the  nation  has  become 
more  free  ;  the  penal  laws,  especially,  have 
been  very  considerably  moditied  ;  the  re- 
lations of  the  sexes  have  lost  some  of  the 
rudeness  which  characterized  them  before  ; 
and  though  civilization  still  remains  at  a 
low  ebb,  public  manners  have  certainly 
undergone  great  improvement. 

The  prostitutes  of  Copenhagen  live,  some 
in  a  kind  of  hotel,  where  they  take  part  in 
mixed  entertainments,  to  which  the  disso- 
lute persons  of  the  city  congregate  ;  some 
in   a   sort  of  boarding-houses ;    others   in 


private  dwellings  of  their  own ;  or  they 
lodge  in  small  rooms,  and  go  with  their 
companions  to  houses  where  temporary 
accommodation  may  be  had  at  various 
charges.  Their  numbers  w^ould  appear  to 
be  considerable  ;  and  their  habits  do  not 
difier  in  any  peculiar  manner  from  those 
of  the  same  class  in  other  cities  of  the 
Continent,  which  afford  materials  for  a 
more  complete  description*. 


*  Angelot's  Legislations  des  ^^tats  du  Nord  ; 
Bremner's  Excursions  in  Denmark  ;  Feldborg's 
Denmark  DeUneated,  &c.,  &c. 


OF    PROSTITUTION    IN    CIVILIZED    STATES. 


Introduction. 

We  have  inquired  into  the  history  of  the 
female  sex  under  the  social  laws  of  anti- 
quity, under  the  rude  codes  of  barbarian 
races,  and  under  the  Mohammedan  and 
Hindu  systems.  It  will  now  be  interesting 
to  trace  it  through  the  dusky  period  of 
modern  civilization  from  the  rise  of  Chris- 
tianity to  the  middle  ages.  Many  writers 
afford  the  materials  for  a  view  of  the  pros- 
titute systems  of  Europe  during  that  era, 
and  M.  Rabuteaux  especially  has  com- 
bined their  researches  in  one  wide  and 
broad  view. 

The  Christian  Emperors  of  Rome  endea- 
voured to  suppress  prostitution,  but  with 
little  success.  Constantino,  Constantius, 
Theodosius  the  Younger,  Valentian,  and 
Justinian  took  up  the  task  by  turns,  de- 
nounced penalties  against  offenders — those 
who  debauched  others,  and  those  who  pros- 
tituted themselves ;  but  though  the  world 
changed  its  aspect,  it  did  not  change  its 
vices.  Among  the  northern  barbarians, 
indeed,  austere  principles  ruled  over  the 
people,  and  women  occupied  a  higher  place 
than  is  accorded  them  now.  They  were 
companions  of  the  men,  not  toys  for  their 
pleasure,  or  bagatelles  for  their  amuse- 
ment. Called,  at  a  later  age,  to  the  func- 
tions of  maternity,  they  previously  learned 
the  use  of  reason,  and  succeeded  from  a 
virtuous  maidenhood  to  the  dignity  of 
matron.  The  chastity  which  Tacitus  de- 
scribes among  the  barbarians  of  Germany 
continued  long  to  be  their  characteristic  ; 
but  their  penal  customs  became  milder  as 
they  received  better  maxims  of  social  po- 


licy. A  woman  who  debauched  herself 
was  expelled  from  the  city — a  sufficient 
punishment.  She  had  no  more  any  family. 
Even  the  ties  of  paternity  were  broken. 
Gradually,  however,  the  barbarian  con- 
querors of  Europe  bent  to  the  attractions 
of  a  corrupted  society,  and  though  the 
laws  of  the  Visigoths  forbade  prostitution, 
men  were  found  to  encourage  and  females 
to  pursue  this  infamous  occupation. 

The  free  woman  who  prostituted  herself 
was,  for  the  first  offence,  punished  with  300 
strokes,  and  for  the  second  reduced  to 
slavery,  given  to  some  poor  man,  and  pro- 
hibited from  entering  a  town.  Parents 
who  connived  at  the  vice  of  their  children 
were  flogged.  If  the  offender  was  already 
in  bonds,  she  was  whipped,  shorn  of  her 
hair,  and  returned  to  her  master.  Should 
he  himself  be  the  accomplice  of  her  sin,  he 
lost  her,  and  sufiered  an  equal  penalty  of 
the  rod.  Prostitutes  who  walked  the 
streets  and  fields  were  flung  into  prison, 
scourged,  and  fined.  A  decree  of  Theodoric, 
king  of  the  Goths,  declared  death  against 
all  who  gave  an  asylum  or  any  encourage- 
ment to  infamous  persons. 

The  epithet  of  "  lost  woman  "  applied  to 
one  of  honest  character  was  an  insult  pu- 
nishable by  law — generally  by  fines.  A 
maiden  or  a  widow  was  especially  pro- 
tected against  such  imputation.  In  France 
the  female  who  accused  another  of  in- 
famous habits  was  condemned  to  pay  five 
sous,  or  to  walk  in  penance,  only  clothed 
in  a  light  shift,  while  a  matron  followed, 
and  thrust  a  fine-pointed  instrument  above 
her  thighs,  more  as  a  humiliation  than  an 
injury.     The  Spanish  code  also  recognised 


182 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


this  offence,  as  well  as  that  of  general  de- 
famation. 

The  church  was  the  universal  censor  of 
public  manners  in  the  middle  ages.  No 
sin  was  more  severely  denounced  by  the 
Christian  law  than  that  of  licentiousness  ; 
yet  it  inculcated  no  savage  persecution  of 
the  fallen.  Good  men  could  never  forget, 
that  a  courtezan  had  washed  the  feet  of 
Christ,  and  accordingly  a  humanizing  spirit 
presided  over  the  social  code  of  the  early 
fathers.  They  received  into  their  commu- 
nion any  woman  who  renounced  her  evil 
life,  married,  and  was  faithful  to  her  hus- 
band, or  remained  single  without  prosti- 
tuting herself  again. 

Everywhere,  indeed,  Christianity  tole- 
rated prostitution.  It  was  impossible  to 
eradicate  vice,  and  it  was  better  one  class 
should  make  a  profession  of  it  than  that 
all  should  follow  it  as  a  secret  occupation. 
Suppress  courtezans,  said  St.  Augustine, 
and  you  confuse  all  society  by  the  caprice 
of  the  passions.  Nevertheless,  efforts  were 
made  to  check  the  evil,  though  the  princi- 
pal rules  of  this  "  police  of  manners"  were 
applied  to  confine  the  prostitutes  of  every 
town  in  a  separate  quarter,  and  to  force  on 
them  an  uniform  apparel,  that  their  shame 
might  not  be  concealed,  and  that  other 
women  might  be  safe  from  the  address  of 
brutal  libertines. 

But  while  the  woman  who  lost  herself 
was  forgiven  by  the  civil  and  religious  law, 
no  toleration  was  extended  to  the  wretch 
who  made  her  such — the  pander  who  se- 
duced young  girls  and  sold  them  for  profit. 
The  Council  of  Elvira  refused  pardon,  even 
on  his  deathbed,  to  the  wretch  who  was 
guilty  of  leading  the  innocent  to  prostitu- 
tion. "Miserable  wretch  ;  brand  of  hell!" 
exclaimed  Merot  to  one  of  these,  "  dost 
thou  believe  that  when  thy  accursed  soul 
is  lost  in  eternal  pains,  God  will  be  con- 
tent 1  No ;  he  will  augment  thy  punish- 
ment ;"  and  he  added,  that  the  young  fe- 
males he  had  ruined  should  inflict  his  toi^ 
tures.  All  the  rigour  of  the  law,  every 
form  of  public  infamy,  every  device  of 
humiliation,  was  called  in  to  brand  with 
additional  opprobrium  the  depraved  trader 
in  prostitution. 

In  France  the  punishment  was  in  general 
arbitrary,  according  to  the  circumstances 
of  each  case.  JS'evertheless  law  and  usage 
regulated  the  degree  of  it.  In  Paris  an 
edict  was  published  in  1367  forbidding 
persons  to  procure  girls  for  prostitution  on 
pain  of  being  exposed  in  the  pillory,  marked 
with  a  hot  iron,  and  expelled  from  the 
city.  It  was  renewed  in  1415,  and  we  find 
an  instance  of  its  application  in  the  next 


year,  for  in  the  public  accounts  Cassin  La 
Botte  is  described  as  receiving  money  for 
the  expenses  of  an  execution  of  this  kind, 
in  which  some  wretches  were  led  into  a 
public  place,  branded,  mutilated  by  the 
ears,  and  set  in  the  pillory.  Sometimes 
the  procuress  was  mounted  on  an  ass,  with 
her  face  towards  its  tail,  a  straw  hat  on 
her  head,  and  an  inscription  on  her  back. 
In  this  state  she  was  paraded  through  the 
streets,  whipped,  and  sent  to  prison,  or  exiled. 
These  circumstances  appear  to  have  fre- 
quently occurred  as  lately  as  1756.  We 
find  it  applied  in  a  provincial  town  to  some 
prostitutes  Avho  had  infringed  the  local 
rules : — "  They  were  led  through  the  place, 
with  a  drum  beating  before  them,  and  ex- 
posed." In  England  similar  occurrences 
were  common,  and  were  accompanied  by 
some  peculiar  details.  The  cart  in  which 
the  culprit  sat  was  preceded  by  two  men 
playing  music,  Avhile  a  crowd  followed 
and  showered  filth  and  mud  upon  the 
offenders. 

Sometimes,  when  the  penalty  was  aggra- 
vated in  severity,  the  culprit's  hair  was 
burnt.  Thus,  in  1399,  at  Paris,  several  men 
and  women  suffered  this  punishment,  being 
pilloried  and  deprived  of  all  their  posses- 
sions. At  Toulouse,  a  prostitute  w^as  con- 
ducted to  the  town  hall,  where  the  execu- 
tioner tied  her  hands,  stripped  her  naked, 
placed  a  cap,  made  in  the  form  of  a  sugar- 
loaf,  ornamented  with  feathers,  on  her 
head,  hung  an  inscription  on  her  back,  and 
then  took  her  out  to  a  rock  in  the  middle 
of  the  river.  There  she  was  compelled  to 
enter  an  iron  cage,  Avhich  was  plunged 
three  times  into  the  water,  while  nearly 
the  whole  population  was  assembled  to 
witness  the  scene.  Afterwards  she  was  led 
to  the  hospital,  where  she  remained  labour- 
ing for  the  rest  of  her  days.  A  similar 
custom  existed  at  Bourdeaux.  Everywhere, 
indeed,  the  same  rude  devices  were  em- 
ployed to  terrify  the  people  from  pro- 
fligacy. 

The  laws  of  Naples  were  extremely  se- 
vere. Before  the  thirteenth  century  we 
find  every  procuress  endeavouring  to  cor- 
rupt innocent  females  punished,  like  an 
adultress,  by  the  mutilation  of  her  nose. 
The  mother  who  prostituted  her  daughter 
suffered  this  punishment,  until  King  Fre- 
deric absolved  such  women  as  trafficked 
with  their  children  under  the  pressure  of 
want.  The  same  prince,  however,  decreed 
against  all  who  were  found  guilty  of  pre- 
paring drugs  or  inflammatory  liquors — to 
aid  in  their  designs  upon  virtuous  females 
— death  in  case  of  injury  resulting,  and 
imprisonment  when  no  serious  harm   was 


I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


183 


effected.  These  lawS;  however,  proved  in- 
sufficient for  their  purpose,  and  towards 
the  end  of  the  fifteenth  century  profligacy 
ran  riot  in  Naples.  Ruffi^ani  multiplied  in 
its  streets,  procuring  by  force  or  by  corrup- 
tion multitudes  of  victims  to  fill  the  ta- 
verns and  brothels  of  the  city.  Penalties 
of  extreme  severity  were  proclaimed  against 
them.  The  Ruffiani  were  ordered  to  quit 
the  kingdom,  and  the  prostitutes  were  prohi- 
bited from  harbouring  such  persons  among 
them.  Any  woman  who  disobeyed  was 
condemned  to  be  burnt  on  the  forehead  with 
a  hot  iron,  whipped  in  the  most  humiliating 
manner,  and  exiled. 

The  code  of  Aiphonso  IX.,  King  of  Cas- 
tile, which  belonged  to  the  second  half  of 
the  twelfth  century,  included  procurers 
among  infamous  persons,  which  condemned 
them  to  "  civil  death."  Five  classes  of 
these  were  enumerated  : — I.  Men  who  traf- 
ficked in  debauch  :  these  were  expelled  the 
•country.  II.  Speculators  who  hired  their 
houses  to  abandoned  women  for  the  exer- 
cise of  their  vocation:  their  houses  were 
confiscated,  and  they  were  fined.  III.  Men 
or  women  who  kept  brothels  and  hired  out 
prostitutes :  if  the  females  they  sold  were 
slaves,  the  law  gave  them  liberty  ;  if  they 
were  free,  their  corrupter  wa>s  under  pain 
of  death,  forced  to  endow  and  place  them 
in  a  situation  to  marry.  IV.  Death  was  de- 
nounced against  the  husband  T,^ho  connived 
at  the  dishonour  of  his  wife,  and  against 
every  one  who  seduced  an  honest  woman 
to  infamy.  Y.  Girls  who  supported  Raffixini 
were  publicly  whipped,  and  deprived  of  the 
clothes  they  wore  Avhen  arrested.  The 
men  themselves  were,  for  the  first  offence, 
flogged;  for  the  second, expelled  from  the 
city ;  and  for  the  third,  sent  to  the  galleys. 
Between  1552  and  1566  additional  terrors 
were  devised  against  this  crime,  and  the 
Ruffiani  once  convicted  were  sentenced  to 
ten  years  chained  at  the  oar,  while  for  a 
repetition  of  the  offence  they  received  two 
hundred  blows,  and  were  condemned  for 
life  to  the  galleys. 

The  incitement  to  vice  has,  indeed,  been 
everywhere  considered  a  crime  deserving 
of  the  heavest  punishment ;  but  prostitu- 
tion itself  has  not  been  tolerated  without 
interference.  In  France,  especially,  efibrts 
were  early  made  for  its  suppression.  The 
laws,  however,  failed,  on  account  of  the 
number  of  ofl'enders  it  would  have  been 
necessary  to  condemn,  and  a  few  examples 
only  were  made,  to  show  that  no  licence 
was  extended  to  debauch.  The  first  edict 
published  was  an  absolute  prohibition  by 
Charlemagne.  He  commanded  strict  search 
to  be  made  throughout  his  dominions,  in 


every  habitation  and  place  of  resort,  that 
every  public  woman,  and  all  persons  Avith- 
out  known  occupations  or  means  of  liveli- 
hood, might  be  exposed.  Men  who  were 
found  harbouring  prostitutes  were  com- 
pelled to  carry  them  on  their  shoulders  to 
the  place  where  they  were  to  be  whipped 
v.'ith  rods.  In  case  of  refusal  they  suffered 
this  infliction  themselves.  It  is  singular 
to  find,  that  among  the  ancient  Parisians 
no  disgrace  was  equal  to  that  of  bearing 
on  the  back  a  debauched  woman. 

During  three  centuries  and  a  half  after 
Charlemagne,  public  immorality  flowed  in 
a  tide  over  the  country.  Prostitutes  mul- 
tiplied in  every  town,  and  in  the  eleventh 
century  Paris  was  as  one  general  brothel. 
Everywhere  harlots  thronged  the  streets, 
soliciting  the  men  who  passed,  dragging 
them  by  the  arms  into  their  dens,  and  if 
they  resisted,  abusing  them  in  unmeasured 
terms.  In  the  same  house  might  be  found 
a  school  on  the  upper  floor  and  a  brothel 
below.  In  1254  an  effort  was  made  for  the 
reformation  of  manners ;  but  the  only  efiect 
was,  that  vice  dissimulated  instead  of 
bearing  its  title  on  its  face.  Clandestine 
succeeded  to  public  debauch.  At  length, 
however,  some  real  good  resulted  from  a 
succession  of  rigorous  edicts.  At  the  com- 
mencement of  the  fifteenth  century,  the 
scourge  of  society  had  been  lightened,  but 
there  broke  out  wars  and  troubles  which 
gave  new  licence  to  immorality.  A.  hun- 
dred years  revived  the  pestilence  in  all  its 
virulent  shapes ;  and  in  1503  a  council 
was  assembled  at  Paris  to  deliberate  on 
the  best  means  of  abolishing  the  brothels 
which  were  crowded  around  them.  Laws 
were  passed,  which  we  cannot  describe  in 
detail,  especially  as  they  are  of  no  value  to 
the  legislators  of  this  age,  for  in  spite  of 
them  the  moral  malady  of  France  ex- 
tended, and  public  custom  recognised  what 
authority  refused  to  allow. 

In  Paris  the  prostitutes  resorted  to 
places  known  as  clapiers^  or  mole-holes,  in 
allusion  to  the  brutal  subterranean  life 
they  led.  They  did  not  live  in  the  houses 
where  they  received  their  temporary  com- 
panions ;  there  were  localities  common  to 
many,  where  they  assembled  during  the  day, 
and  which  the  magistrates  ordered  to  be 
opened  and  closed  at  stated  hours.  They 
were  not  permitted  to  carry  on  their  orgies 
at  night,  to  prostitute  themselves  in  their 
own  homes,  or  publicly  to  shock  the  decent 
population  ;  but  they  rebelled  against  all 
discipline,  and  evaded  where  they  did  not 
openly  contradict  the  law.  In  1307  an 
edict  was  published,  assigning  to  prosti- 
tutes certain  streets  as  places  of  abode — 


184 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Rue  de  I'Abreuvorix  Macon,  la  Boucherie, 
la  Rue  Froidmantel,  de  Glatignj,  la  Cour 
Robert  de  Paris,  les  rues  Baillohe,  Tyron, 
Charon,  and  Champ  Fleurj.  It  is  remark- 
able that  the  infamy  of  these  neighbour- 
hoods has  been  hereditary  ;  for  after  the 
lapse  of  500  years,  after  all  the  alterations 
in  the  city  of  Paris  which  have  been 
effected,  after  all  the  vicissitudes  of  its 
domestic  history,  the  same  places  still  ex- 
hibit the  same  spectacles,  and  are  inhabited 
by  the  same  population.  The  complaint 
of  two  neighbours  was  enough  to  cause  a 
prosecution  against  the  keeper  of  a  brothel. 
Notwithstanding  every  exertion  which  the 
inefficient  law  and  police  of  those  ages 
enabled  rulers  to  make,  prostitution  in- 
creased, spread  into  prohibited  streets,  and 
throughout  France  was  a  characteristic 
feature  of  society.  Nor  were  the  palaces 
whence  issued  decrees  for  the  reformation 
of  public  manners,  superior  in  many  in- 
stances to  the  brothels  they  denounced. 

In  the  eleventh  century  a  brothel  and  a 
church  stood  side  bv  side  at  Rome  ;  and 
500  years  after,  under  the  pontificate  of 
Paul  II,,  prostitutes  were  numerous.  Nu- 
merous statutes  were  enacted,  and  many 
precautions  taken,  which  prove  the  gross- 
ness  of  manners  at  that  epoch.  One  con- 
victed of  selling  a  girl  to  infamy  was 
heavily  fined,  and  if  he  did  not  pay  within 
ten  days  had  one  foot  cut  off.  The  nobility 
and  common  people  indulged  habitually 
in  all  kinds  of  excess.  Tortures,  flogging, 
branding,  banishment,  were  inflicted  in 
vain  on  some  to  terrify  the  others,  but 
with  very  incomplete  success.  To  carry 
off  and  detain  a  prostitute  against  her 
will  was  punishable  by  amputation  of  the 
right  hand,  imprisonment,  flogging,  or 
exile.  The  rich,  however,  invariably  bought 
immunity  for  themselves.  In  Spain,  al- 
though violence  offered  to  a  public  woman 
was  an  offence,  few  women  dared  to  com- 
plain of  having  been  seduced.  In  Naples, 
also,  under  King  Roger,  such  a  charge  was 
never  taken  ;  but  William,  the  successor  of 
that  prince,  punished  with  death  the  crime 
of  rape  ;  but  the  victim  must  prove  that 
she^  shrieked  aloud,  and  prefer  her  com- 
plaint within  eight  days,  or  show  that  she 
was  detained  by  force.  When  once  a 
woman  had  prostituted  herself,  however, 
she  had  no  right  to  refuse  to  yield  her 
person  to  any  one.  This  legislation  ex- 
tended to  the  extreme  north,  and  obtained 
in  Sleswig. 

Among  the  most  extraordinary  acts  of 
legislation  on  this  subject  was  the  bull  of 
Clement  II.,  who  desired  to  endow  the 
church    with    the   surplus    gains    of   the 


brothel.  Every  person  guilty  of  prostitu- 
tion was  forced,  when  disposing  of  her 
property,  either  at  death  or  during  life,  to 
assign  half  of  it  to  a  convent.  This  regu- 
lation was  easily  eluded  and  utterly  in- 
efficacious. A  tribunal  was  also  established, 
having  jurisdiction  over  brothels,  upon 
which  a  tax  was  laid  continuing  in 
existence  until  the  middle  of  the  sixteenth 
century.  Eftbrts  were  made  to  confine  this 
class  of  dwellings  to  a  particular  quarter, 
but  without  success.  In  Naples  the  same 
failure  attended  the  attempt.  Prostitutes, 
in  spite  of  the  law,  established  themselves 
in  the  most  beautiful  streets  of  the  city, 
in  palatial  buildings,  and  there,  with  in- 
cessant clamour,  congregated  a  horde  of 
thieves,  profligates,  and  vagabonds  of  every 
kind,  until  the  chief  quarter  became  un- 
inhabitable. In  1577  they  were  ordered 
to  quit  the  street  of  Catalana  within  eight 
days,  under  pain  of  the  scourge  for  the 
women,  and  the  galleys  for  such  of  the 
proprietors  as  were  commoners,  while  sim- 
ple banishment  was  threatened  against 
"  nobles." 

One  example  of  good  legislation  was  the 
pragmatic  law  of  1470  to  protect  the  un- 
fortunates against  the  cupidity,  the  ex- 
tortion, and  the  fraud  of  tavern  keepers 
and  others,  who  grew  rich  upon  their  in- 
famy. Men  went  into  their  places  of  en- 
tertainment with  some  single  girls,  con- 
tracted a  heavy  debt,  and  then  left  their 
victims  to  pay.  These  were  then  given 
the  choice  of  a  disgraceful  whipping  or  an 
engagement  in  the  house.  They  often 
consented,  and  usually  spent  the  remainder 
of  their  lives  in  dependence  on  their  cre- 
ditor, without  ability  to  liberate  themselves. 
By  the  new  law  masters  of  taverns  were 
forbidden  to  give  credit  to  prostitutes  for 
more  than  a  certain  sum,  and  this  only  to 
supply  her  with  food  and  clothing  abso- 
lutely necessary.  If  he  exceeded  this 
amount  he  had  no  legal  means  of  recover- 
ing it. 

The  most  remarkable  feature  in  the 
Neapolitan  legislation  on  this  subject 
was,  the  establishment,  at  an  unknown  but 
early  date,  of  the  Court  of  Prostitutes.  This 
tribunal,  which  sat  at  Naples,  had  its  pecu- 
liar constitution,  and  had  jurisdiction  over 
all  cases  connected  with  prostitution,  blas- 
phemy, and  some  other  infamous  offences. 
Towards  the  end  of  the  sixteenth  century 
it  had  risen  to  extraordinary  power  and 
was  full  of  abuses.  It  practised  all  kinds 
of  exaction  and  violence,  every  species  of 
partiality  and  injustice,  and  even  pre- 
sumed to  publish  edicts  of  its  own.  The 
judges  flung  into  prison  numbers  of  young 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


185 


girls,  whom  they  compelled  to  buy  their 
liberty  with  money,  and  sometimes  dared 
to  seize  women  who,  though  of  lax  con- 
duct, could  not  be  included  in  the  pro- 
fessional class.  This  was  discovered,  and 
led  in  1589  to  a  reform  of  the  court.  Its 
powers  were  strictly  defined,  and  its  form 
of  procedure  placed  under  regulation, 
while  the  avenues  to  corruption  were  nar- 
rowed. The  institution  itself  existed  for 
nearly  a  hundred  years  after  that  period — 
until  1768,  when  a  royal  edict  declared 
the  ruler's  resolution  to  abolish  the  in- 
famous calling  altogether.  Vice,  however, 
when  widely  spread  in  a  nation,  does  not 
vanish  at  the  breath  of  authority.  De- 
nounced by  the  law,  prostitution  continued 
to  flourish  and  society  to  feel  its  influence. 

Passing  from  the  south  to  regions  with 
a  less  voluptuous  climate,  we  find  Stras- 
burgh  as  overflowing  with  vice  as  per- 
haps any  other  city  in  the  world.  Prosti- 
tutes were  in  the  fifteenth  century  so  nu- 
merous there  that,  though  a  distinct  quarter 
was  assigned  for  their  residences,  they  in- 
vaded every  locality,  and  swarmed  in  the 
finest  streets.  Speculators  were  accustomed 
to  travel  abroad  and  bring  home  unfortunate 
girls,  whom  they  kidnapped  and  reduced  to 
a  state  of  slavery.  Officers  were  appointed 
to  visit  the  brothels  and  collect  the  tax 
imposed  on  them.  More  than  fifty-seven 
of  these  places  existed  in  six  streets  only. 
One  contained  nineteen,  while  other  neigh- 
bourhoods were  infested  in  an  equal  de- 
gree. At  the  commencement  of  the  six- 
teenth century,  so  far  were  public  manners 
demoralized  that  prostitutes  horded  in  the 
clock  towers  and  aisles  of  the  great  cathe- 
dral as  well  as  in  several  smaller  churches. 
In  1521  an  ordinance  appeared  directing 
the  "  cathedral  girls,"  who  were  called 
"  swa,llows,"  to  quit  the  sacred  places  of 
their  retreat  within  fifteen  days.  To  those 
who  persevered  in  their  libertine  mode  of 
life,  various  residences  were  assigned — in 
the  suburbs.  Strasburgh  was  now  in  the 
depth  of  demoralization ;  but  the  Reforma- 
tion soon  visited  the  city,  awakened  its 
people  from  sensual  pleasures  to  an  in- 
tellectual battle,  and  a  speedy  change  was 
apparent.  In  1536  there  were  only  two 
brothels  there.  In  1540  public  prostitution 
was  efiectually  suppressed.  Ten  years  after 
it  was  proposed  to  establish  a  house  of 
legal  debauch  ;  but  the  attempt  was  re- 
sisted, though  renewed  in  the  third  and 
fourth  year  after  this. 

It  was  little  matter  to  the  prostitutes  to 
inhabit  houses  especially  dedicated  to  their 
vile  traffic.  They  cared  not  to  wait  passively 
at  home  for  visitors.  Wherever  men  congre- 


gated for  pleasure  or  for  the  business  of 
life,  wherever  there  was  any  chance  ot  pro- 
voking their  desires,  they  thronged,  some- 
times impelled  by  the  love  of  excitement, 
sometimes  by  the  pains  of  hunger.  They 
thus  transformed  into  so  many  brothels 
wine  houses,  barber's  shops,  and  students' 
rooms,  and  the  perseverance  of  government 
against  them  was  by  no  means  equalled  by 
their  own  tenacity.  An  edict  of  1420 
forbade  prostitutes  to  enter  the  cabarets  ; 
another  of  1558  prohibited  tavern-keepers 
from  entertaining  them.  Another  de- 
nounced gambling,  and  prostitutes  were 
only  allowed  when  desirous  of  refreshment 
to  stand  without  and  drink  what  was  handed 
to  them  from  within.  In  England  similar 
regulations  was  established,  and  barbers 
especially  were  made  the  object  of  very 
severe  restrictions.  Sempstresses  and 
butchers  were  forbidden  to  employ  any 
females  of  bad  character,  and  others  were 
restrained  by  similar  laws. 

All  these  efibrts,  however,  to  render  the 
sisterhood  of  prostitutes  a  homeless,  deso- 
late, hopeless  class — to  deprive  them  of 
shelter,  of  comforts,  and  the  honest  means  of 
life — failed  in  purifying  the  manners  of  the 
age.  The  baths  became  a  regular  resort  of 
women  belonging  to  this  order — in  Paris, 
in  Geneva,  in  Venice,  in  Rome,  in  Naples, 
in  Milan,  in  Ferrara,  in  Bologna,  in  Lucca, 
and  in  every  other  city  of  the  Peninsula — 
so  that  there  was  scarcely  the  keeper  of  a 
bath  who  was  not  at  the  same  time  a 
brothel  keeper,  employing  numbers  of 
Rujffiani  to  procure  attendance  at  his  house. 
There  were  other  cities  in  which  baths 
were  publicly  tolerated  and  recognised  as 
places  of  prostitution.  Among  these  were 
Avignon  and  London.  A  statute  of  the 
Church  of  Avignon,  dated  1441,  interdicted 
the  use  of  certain  baths,  known  to  be 
brothels,  to  the  priests  and  clergy.  An 
ofience  committed  by  day  was  not  punished 
half  so  severely  as  one  committed  by  night. 
There  is  only  one  other  instance  of  a 
punishment  inflicted  during  that  age  on 
men  who  violated  the  public  law  of 
morals.  It  was  that  of  certain  citizens  of 
Anvers  in  Flanders,  who  were  condemned 
to  make  a  pilgrimage  to  expiate  an  ofience 
of  this  kind.  On  one  occasion,  indeed,  of 
which  the  date  is  lost,  the  magistrates  of 
Bourdeaux  caused  a  man  to  be  hanged  for 
forcibly  violating  a  prostitute. 

In  Avignon,  however,  the  licence  of  pros- 
titution was  shortly  taken  away.  The  resi- 
dence of  the  popes  in  that  city  had  attracted 
a  concourse  of  strangers  from  all  parts  of 
the  globe,  and  brothels  sprung  up  in  profu- 
sion in  the  neighbourhood  of  churches,  at 


186 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  door  of  the  Papal  palace,  and  side  by 
side  with  prelatical  residences — a  display 
of  libertinism  so  gross  that  the  public  acts 
of  encouragement  at  once  ceased,  and  an 
edict  drove  all  the  prostitutes  out  of  the 
city. 

In  London,  as  we  have  said,  as  at  Avi- 
gnon, prostitution  took  refuge  in  the  public 
baths — a  practice  of  very  ancient  date. 
These  places  were  situated  in  the  borough 
of  Southwark,  which  was  not  included  in 
the  city  until  1550.  It  was  a  miserable 
quarter,  full  of  inhabited  ruins,  to  which 
some  public  gardens,  dedicated  to  dog  and 
bear  baiting,  alone  attracted  the  people  of 
the  neighbourhood.  In  this  general  pre- 
liminary sketch  it  is  not  necessary  to  say 
more  of  London. 

In  various  parts  of  Europe  a  continual 
stream  of  edicts  was  poured  out  against 
the  system  of  prostitution ;  but  it  was  only 
persecuting  the  victims,  instead  of  eradi- 
cating the  causes.  In  some  States,  as  in 
Lombardy,  men  were  forbidden  to  give 
them  an  asylum;  they  were  prohibited 
from  appearing  among  honest  citizens  ; 
they  were  prevented  from  purchasing  food 
or  clothes,  or  borrowing  money  by  the  hire 
of  their  persons  ;  in  fact,  fines,  prisons, 
whips,  still  continued  to  attempt  the  re- 
form of  morals. 

Hitherto,  however,  we  have  seen  prosti- 
tution in  some  places  protected,  but  in  all 
restrained,  though  everywhere  freely  exer- 
cised by  those  persons  who  would  brave  its 
perils  and  its  disgrace.  It  was  now  sought, 
by  the  direct  and  continuous  intervention 
of  the  law,  to  transform  it  into  a  public 
institution,  organized,  watched,  disciplined, 
by  particular  officers,  and  subjected  to 
special  authority.  In  France,  and  espe- 
cially in  Languedoc,  these  principles  were, 
during  the  middle  ages,  firmly  established. 
Louis  XL  proclaimed,  that  from  the  re- 
motest antiquity  it  was  the  custom  in 
Languedoc  to  have  a  house  and  asylum  for 
public  women.  The  most  celebrated  of 
these  were  at  Toulouse  and  Montpellier. 
That  at  Toulouse  was  known  to  exist  during 
the  twelfth  century,  and  by  an  abuse 
of  terms,  not  uncommon  at  that  period, 
was  called  the  Great  Abbey.  The  Com- 
mune and  the  University  divided  the  ex- 
pense, and  were  proprietors  of  the  build- 
ing, and  a  good  revenue  was  derived  from 
it  for  municipal  purposes.  But  in  1424 
the  receipts  diminished  considerably,  to 
the  great  regret  of  the  governors.  The 
turbulent  youth  of  Toulouse  behaved  to 
the  poor  girls,  whom  they  sacrificed  to  their 
lust,  with  the  utmost  violence  and  bru- 
tality— beating  them  and  their  children, 


breaking  up  the  furniture,  and  wrenching 
ofi"  even  the  doors  of  the  house.  Many 
attempts  were  made  to  repress  these  out- 
breaks, but  the  prostitutes  were  at  length 
compelled  to  take  refuge  in  the  interior  of 
the  city.  Severe  regulations  were  imposed 
upon  them.  All  who  were  diseased  were 
compelled  to  live  in  solitude  until  cured, 
and  some  were  whipped  for  disobedience. 
On  one  occasion,  when  a  famine  prevented 
the  inhabitants  from  indulging  in  their  or- 
dinary pleasures,  the  prostitutes  emigrated, 
but  returned  to  their  post  in  1560.  The 
magistrates,  shamed  by  public  outcry, 
which  accused  them  of  purchasing  their 
robes  from  the  tax  on  debauched  women, 
a,bandoned  the  money,  at  this  time,  to  the 
hospitals ;  but  the  administrators  of  these 
afterwards  made  them  some  compensation. 
In  1566  a  council  was  called  to  deliberate 
on  the  best  means  of  ridding  the  city  from 
the  profligacy  and  wickedness  which  had 
grown  up  through  the  immense  licensed 
brothels  it  contained.  To  increase  the 
scandal,  four  prostitutes  were  discovered  in 
a  monastery  of  Augustine  friars.  Thi'ee 
of  these  unhappy  girls  were  hung.  Shortly 
afterwards  three  others  were  found  in  a 
convent,  and  they  also  were  sent  to  the 
gallows. 

It  appears  that  in  1587  prostitution  was 
almost  eradicated  from  Toulouse,  though 
it  flourished  in  the  rural  districts  around. 
Many  of  the  girls  were  forced  to  labour  at 
cleansing  the  streets  as  a  punishment. 
Two  decrees  of  Louis  XI.  and  Charles  VIII. 
indicate  the  history  of  prostitution  at 
Montpellier  in  the  fifteenth  century.  A 
man  named  Panais  possessed  and  governed 
the  place  devoted  to  this  purpose,  and 
dying,  left  a  dynasty  of  brothel  keepers — • 
two  sons,  who  associated  with  a  banker. 
They  embellished  the  edifice,  furnished  it 
luxuriously,  constructed  beautiful  baths, 
and  obtained  a  legal  monopoly  in  their  in- 
famous trafiic,  by  engaging  to  pay  a  cer- 
tain tax.  However,  in  1458,  another  indi- 
vidual was  permitted  to  establish  himself, 
Avhich  he  did  with  eclat,  and  the  Avomen 
deserted  their  old  quarters  for  the  new 
"  hotel."  A  public  cause  was  made  of  the 
quarrel,  and  it  was  decided  that  the  original 
promoters  should  continue  to  enjoy  their  pri- 
vilege. The  two  brothel  keepers,  who  gained 
the  titles  of  ''  Friends  and  faithful  Council- 
lors of  the  King  of  France,"  grew  wealthy, 
and  their  trade  of  prostitution  became  one 
of  the  most  important  branches  of  enter- 
prise in  the  city. 

The  city  of  Rhodes  appears  to  have  been 
another  city  of  Europe  where  a  chartered 
brothel  existed,   for  the  bishop,  in   1307, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


187 


forbade  the  inhabitants  to  receive  any  of 
the  public  prostitutes  into  their  houses, 
which  supposes  that  some  particular  re- 
treat was  open  to  them.  There  was  one 
also  at  Lisbon  ;  but  it  was  not  until  1394 
that  the  magistrates  deliberated  on  the 
propriety  of  erecting  a  building  at  the 
public  expense,  expressly  as  a  brothel. 
Ten  years  later  we  find  the  inhabitants 
lamenting  that  their  wives  and  daughters 
were  endangered  by  the  want  of  such  a 
place,  and  in  1424  it  was  established.  A 
tax  was  levied  on  the  women  to  assist  in 
defraying  the  cost,  and  fines  were  imposed 
for  misconduct. 

In  Italy  licensed  brothels  were  very 
numerous.  There  was  one  at  Mantua,  and 
Venice  was  the  very  sink  of  prostitution. 
In  1421  the  government  enlisted  women  to 
this  service  to  guard  the  virtue  of  the  other 
classes.  A  matron  was  placed  over  them, 
who  governed  them,  received  their  gains, 
and  made  a  monthly  division  of  profits. 
The  names  of  several  women,  the  most 
notorious  and  beautiful  of  the  Venetian 
courtezans,  are  preserved  by  Nicolo  Dag- 
lioni.  A  very  small  sum  was  paid  to  them 
by  their  patrons. 

In  Valencia  a  public  brothel,  on  a  colos- 
sal scale,  existed  towards  the  end  of  the 
fifteenth  century.  It  resembled  a  little 
town  surrounded  with  walls,  and  had  a 
single  gate ;  in  front  of  this  stood  a  gibbet 
for  criminals.  Near  this  was  an  office, 
where  a  man  stood  who  addressed  all 
who  entered,  and  said,  that  if  they  would 
deposit  what  valuables  they  had  with  him, 
he  would  return  them  safely  as  they  came 
out  ;  but  if  they  refused  and  w^ere  robbed 
within,  he  was  not  responsible.  The  wall 
inclosed  four  or  five  streets  of  little  houses, 
inhabited  by  girls  dressed  in  brilliant  habili- 
ments of  velvet  and  silk.  Three  or  four 
hundred  of  them  were  usually  in  attend- 
ance. They  received  only  a  small  sum  for 
their  favours.  Whether  this  system  Avas 
then  general  in  Spain  we  know  not,  but 
it  is  certain  that  common  prostitutes 
abounded.  Servants  appear  to  have  been 
hired  for  this  purpose,  for  Philippe  II.,  in 
1575,  in  order  to  check  the  ravages  of  im- 
morality, ordered  that  no  female  domestics 
under  forty  years  of  age  should  be  hired 
by  men.  A  decree  of  1623  required  that 
in  all  cities  throughout  the  kingdom  pub- 
lic brothels  should  be  abolished. 

In  Geneva  there  was  a  "  Queen  of  the 
Prostitutes,"  elected  by  the  civic  magis- 
trates, who  took  an  oath  of  office,  and 
undertook  to  govern  all  the  women  en- 
gaged in  her  occupation.  At  Schelstadt  a 
man  was  commissioned  to  a  similar  duty. 


j  and  very  strict  rules  were  imposed  on  the 
population. 

We  have  seen  that  in  many  places  pro- 
stitution became  a  source  of  revenue,  and 
might  enlarge  our  details  and  multiply 
our  examples  ;  but  it  would  be  tedious 
to  cite  the  laws  of  France,  Spain,  Italy, 
and  Grermany  on  the  subject.  They  varied 
much  in  different  times,  but  offer  little 
interest. 

The  legislator,  however,  h<as  not  con- 
tented himself  at  all  times  with  dividing 
the  prostitute  class  from  other  classes  of 
females,  with  shutting  them  up  in  separate 
quarters,  or  even  confining  them  in  houses 
of  which  he  kept  the  key.  In  some  cases 
he  obliged  them  to  assume  a  peculiar  cos- 
tume, or  at  least  a  conspicuous  badge  of 
infamy.  They  always  endeavoured  to  re- 
sist or  elude  the  restrictions  laid  upon 
them,  and,  feeling  deeply  the  humiliation 
of  such  compulsion,  sought  by  all  means 
to  evade  it.  The  first  regulation  of  this 
kind  for  the  city  of  Paris  is  mentioned  by 
the  chronicler  Geoffrey.  He  says,  that  the 
Queen  of  Louis  VII.  going  one  day  to 
church,  met  a  woman  gorgeously  attired, 
and,  deceived  by  her  appearance,  gave  her, 
"according  to  custom,"  the  kiss  of  peace. 
She  was  a  court  prostitute  ;  and  when  the 
royal  lady  heard  this,  she  complained  to 
her  husband,  who  ordered  that  no  mantles 
should  in  future  be  worn  by  prostitutes. 
From  time  to  time  new  edicts  on  this  sub- 
ject appeared.  One  of  1360  forbade  them 
to  wear  any  embroidery,  any  gold  or  silver 
buttons,  any  pearls,  or  any  trimmings  of 
gray  fur.  In  1415  and  1419  golden  and 
gilded  zones  were  prohibited  to  them,  as 
well  as  silver  buckles  to  their  shoes.  The 
very  fashion  of  their  dress  was  afterwards 
regulated.  These  devices  to  distinguish 
prostitutes  from  respectable  females  were 
speedily  imitated.  An  aiguillette  of  a  cer- 
tain colour,  hung  from  the  shoulder,  was 
most  generally  adopted  in  France.  In 
some  towns  silk  was  prohibited  to  them. 

The  Bishop  of  Rhodes,  in  1307,  forbade 
them  to  wear  mantles,  veils,  amber  neck- 
laces, or  rings  of  gold,  while  the  popes  of 
Rome  followed  the  example.  The  laws  of 
Mantua  obliged  prostitutes  when  they 
appeared  in  the  streets  to  cover  the  rest  of 
their  clothes  witn  a  short  white  cloak,  and 
wear  a  badge  on  their  breasts.  At  Bergamo 
the  cloak  was  yellow ;  in  Parma,  white ;  in 
Milan,  at  first,  black  woollen,  and  then 
black  silk.  If  disobedient,  they  might  be 
fined,  and,  in  case  of  a  second  ofience,  pub- 
licly exposed,  and  whipped.  Any  one  might 
strip  the  garments  off  any  girl  he  met  in 
the  streets  illegally  attired.     In  London  a 


188 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


similar  distinction  was  imposed  on  them, 
and  at  Strasburgh.  a  sugar-loaf  bonnet  was 
invented  for  their  use.  In  Spain,  besides 
prohibitions  concerning  dress,  they  were 
forbidden  the  use  of  coaches  and  litters, 
as  well  as  prayer-carpets  or  cushions  in  the 
churches ;  even  a  hackney-carriage  was 
not  allowed  to  be  hired  by  them. 

The  acts  of  legislation  in  France  were 
almost  exclusively  police  regulations. 
Forced  to  tolerate  the  prostitute  class,  the 
laviT  endeavoured,  by  Avatching,  restraining, 
shaming,  and  insulting  it,  to  render  its 
occupation  so  infamous  as  to  terrify  per- 
sons from  seeking  it  as  a  means  of  liveli- 
hood. It  does  not  seem  that  in  France, 
during  the  middle  ages,  legislation  ever 
passed  this  limit  or  went  beyond  the  action 
of  police.  In  Italy,  however,  and  in  Spain, 
this  was  not  the  case.  The  Roman  laAv 
had  left  many  vestiges,  which  have  never, 
in  reality,  disappeared  ;  the  ecclesiastical 
prerogative  was  powerful,  and  disposed  to 
be  active.  Local  statutes  existed  in  great 
abundance,  and  the  combination  of  these 
authorities  gave  rise  to  a  jurisdiction  full 
of  details  :  profuse,  sometimes  strange, 
always  subtle,  in  parts  inconsistent,  and 
laboriously  commented  upon  by  a  nume- 
rous school  of  jurists — a  jurisprudence 
which  elevated  itself  above  simple  measures 
of  security  and  municipal  rules,  and  insti- 
tuted for  prostitutes  a  civil  and  social 
statute  of  their  own. 

Ulpian  says  that  a  woman  is  a  prostitute 
not  only  when  she  frequents  regular  bro- 
thels, but  when  she  visits  cabarets,  or  any 
other  places,  where  she  is  careless  of  her 
honour.  She  is  a  prostitute  who  yield^ 
herself  for  base  purposes  to  all  men  ;  but 
she  who  has  connection  only  with  one  or 
two  is  not.  Octavenus,  however,  thinks, 
more  justly,  that  she  is  a  prostitute  who 
gives  up  her  person  in  common,  whether 
she  receive  money  or  not. 

The  lawgivers  of  the  middle  ages  were 
not  accustomed  to  insist  on  perfect  or  pre- 
cise definitions.  They  liked  to  subtilize 
over  terms.  Some  held  Ulpian's  limited 
view  to  be  correct ;  others,  with  Octavenus, 
declared  that  any  woman  yielding  to  the 
solicitations  of  several  men,  even  without 
being  paid,  was  a  prostitute.  The  Roman 
law  defined  prostitution  to  be  the  recep- 
tion of  numerous  libertines.  But  how 
many  ?  inquired  St.  Jerome.  This  threw 
divisions  among  the  theorists.  Some  de- 
clared 40  men  to  be  enough,  some  insisted 
on  CO,  others  on  70  ;  while  a  few,  carrying 
extravagance  to  its  utmost  limits,  asserted 
that  no  woman  was  a  prostitute  who  had 
not   delivered   up   her  person  to  at  least 


3000  persons.  While  these  ridiculous  dis- 
putes engaged  attention,  the  corruption  of 
manners  Avent  on. 

It  is  just  to  the  wisdom  of  that  age, 
however,  to  remark,  that  these  discussions 
of  the  casuists  appeared  no  less  ridiculous  to 
contemporary  statesmen  than  to  us ;  while 
the  general  public  idea  of  prostitution  was 
habitual  debauch  for  vile  purposes,  whether 
mercenary  or  otherwise. 

Some  theorists,  nevertheless,  insisted  that 
the  nature  of  a  hireling  was  inseparable 
from  that  of  a  prostitute.  On  this  account 
the  name  oneretrix  had  by  the  Latins  been 
given  to  a  woman  of  this  class  ;  but  this 
view  led  to  consequences  which  the  wise 
legislator  would  not  accept.  If  any  female 
accepting  a  reward  for  her  dishonour  was 
to  be  publicly  enumerated  among  profes- 
sional harlots,  many,  from  a  single  offence, 
must,  under  compulsion,  follow  a  life  of 
systematic  vice.  Others  argued  that  two 
or  three  repetitions  of  this  infamous  sale 
would  justify  the  title  being  applied ;  but 
this  is  a  point  on  which  writers  have  never 
agreed.  Consequently,  a  long  controversy 
arose  upon  the  three  conditions  in  dispute : 
what  amount  of  publicity — what  number 
of  vicious  connections — what  kind  of  ve- 
nality— was  sufficient  to  stamp  a  woman 
with  the  name  and  character  of  a  common 
prostitute. 

Rabuteaux  describes  her  as  one  who, 
under  constraint,  or  by  her  own  will,  aban- 
dons herself,  without  choice,  without  pas- 
sion, without  even  the  impulse  of  the 
grossest  lust,  to  an  unchaste  course  of  life. 
By  Avant  of  choice  he  means  the  absence 
of  a  preference  for  the  individual,  by  which, 
he  adds,  a  forbearing  judgment  extenuates 
the  offence  of  immorality.  If,  he  insists, 
there  be  any  choice  of  persons,  there  may 
be  libertinism,  there  may  be  debauch,  there 
may  be  scandal,  there  may  be  vice,  but 
there  is  not  prostitution  in  the  true  sense 
of  the  word.  It  applies  to  "sacred  pros- 
titution," whether  gratuitous  or  venal, 
which  Avas  an  unblushing  and  indiscrimi- 
nate sacrifice  of  chastity  ;  to  that  Avhich 
the  barbarous  hospitality  of  savages,  Avhe- 
ther  on  the  rivers  of  Lapland  or  in  the 
deserts  of  Africa,  gave  up  a  Avoman  to 
every  guest  ;  and  to  that  legal  kind  in 
civilized  countries  Avhicli  sold  itself  pro- 
miscuously for  hire. 

Such  is  M.  Rabuteaux's  idea.  We  differ 
from  him.  Prostitution  appears  to  us  the 
application  to  a  vile  purpose  of  that  which 
Avas  designed  for  honourable  uses ;  and  the 
mere  satisfaction  of  animal  lust  is  in  itself 
the  vilest  object.  There  may  exist  in  a 
woman's  mind,  even  Avhen  most  debauched, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


18i 


a  preference  for  some,  an  aversion  to 
others  ;  but  she  is  no  less  a  prostitute,  if 
she  abandon  herself  viciously,  whether  to 
one  or  many. 

While  these  theories  divided  the  opinions 
of  lawgivers,  legislation  on  the  subject  was 
extremely  difficult.  They  were  forced  to 
be  contented  with  what  they  thought  im- 
perfect proof ;  and,  to  fix  the  infamy  of  a 
woman,  accepted  evidence  from  witnesses, 
even  those  accomplices  in  sin  who,  of  all 
others,  have  lost  the  right  to  accuse.  A 
female  who  chose  the  night  for  the  period 
of  her  orgies  ;  who,  as  a  wanderer,  without 
a  companion  to  protect  her,  entered  house 
after  house  ;  who  waited  on  revellers  in  a 
place  of  entertainment ;  might  be  registered 
among  common  prostitutes.  A  legitimate 
suspicion,  also,  attached  to  her  who  re- 
ceived the  visits  of  many  young  men ;  and, 
above  all,  who,  in  light  or  darkness,  fre- 
quented a  public  school. 

These  women,  when  once  consigned  le- 
gally to  the  prostitute  class,  gained,  in  the 
middle  ages,  a  right  which  they  could  not 
otherwise  assert.  The  Roman  laws  adopted 
by  the  jurisprudence  of  that  period  allowed 
her  to  have  a  legal  claim  to  payment  when 
she  prostituted  her  body,  and  the  reason 
assigned  was  founded  on  a  strange  and 
subtle  distinction  of  terms.  "  The  courte- 
san's vocation,"  said  Ulpian,  "is  infamous, 
but  the  wages  of  it  are  not ;  the  act  is 
shameful,  but  not  the  reward  which  is  in 
prospect  when  the  act  is  committed." 

The  Spanish  law  was  still  more  favour- 
able to  her.  When  a  man  paid  in  advance, 
and  she  refused  to  submit  according  to  her 
promise,  he  could  not  demand  his  money 
back.  On  one  side  she  received  a  legiti- 
mate emolument ;  on  the  other,  he  was 
guilty  of  immoral  turpitude  which  the 
law  would  not  recognise.  The  code  of 
Alphonso  also  permitted  this  interpreta- 
tion ;  some  commentators,  however,  allow- 
ing that  the  woman  had  a  right  to  revoke 
the  promise  of  yielding  her  person,  but  was 
bound  to  restore  the  amount  of  hire  she 
had  received.  Long  and  vigorous  contro- 
versies arose  among  the  theologians  when 
this  was  referred  to  them.  It  was  also 
disputed  in  France,  whether  the  prostitute 
could  enforce  payment  when  she  had  sold 
herself  and  an  avaricious  person  refused  to 
reward  her.  An  imposing  list  of  authorities 
is  arrayed  on  either  side. 

Another  question  long  debated  was  the 
use  to  which  such  gains  could  lawfully  be 
applied.     Alphonso  the  Wise,  on  the  autho- 
rity of   Isaiah,  forbade  priests  to  receive  | 
offerings  from  such  a  source.     Balda^us  and  I 
others  insisted  that  the  church  could  not  ' 


accept  taxes  from  public  women ;  but  this 
by  many  was  repudiated,  as  contrary  to  the 
principle  that  the  wages  of  prostitution 
were  lawfully  acquired.  The  Spanish  law 
allowed  money  of  this  kind  to  be  given  in 
alms,  and  the  public  opinion  recognised  the 
right  to  dispose  of  it  by  testament,  though 
several  popes  attempted  to  decree  a  con- 
trary usage.  If,  then,  they  could  dispose 
of  their  gains  as  they  pleased,  could  they 
inherit  property?  They  could,  but  under 
limitations.  In  Savoy  it  appears  that 
legacies  to  prostitutes  made  by  soldiers  who 
had  not  quitted  service  more  than  a  year 
were  null  and  void.  In  Spain  no  woman  of 
this  class  could  inherit  to  the  disadvantage 
of  the  testator's  relatives  in  a  direct  or  col- 
lateral line.  Many  authorities  only  admitted 
the  brother  of  the  deceased  to  this  right; 
but  an  exception  was  made  when  it  was  a 
daughter  who  succeeded  to  such  property, 
or  when  the  woman  was  herself  married. 
A  mother,  however,  could  disinherit  her 
daughter  for  leading  a  vicious  life,  but 
lost  this  privilege  if  she  had  been  the 
accomplice  of  her  immorality.  The  father 
had  equal  authority,  but  with  one  curious 
limitation.  When,  said  the  law,  a  father 
has  sought  to  marry  his  daughter,  and 
endowed  her  sufficiently,  if  she,  against 
his  will,  refuses  to  marry  and  becomes  a 
prostitute,  he  may  cut  her  off;  but  if  he 
have  opposed  her  marriage  until  she 
reached  the  age  of  25,  and  become  a  liber- 
tine, he  cannot  refuse  to  bequeath  her  his 
property.  In  the  duchy  of  Asota,  in  Pied- 
mont, a  similar  regulation  was  established ; 
but  the  age  was  fixed  at  29,  and  the  woman, 
on  every  opportunity  to  marry,  was  bound 
to  present  herself  before  her  father  and 
demand  his  consent.  If  he  refused  it,  he 
was  not  allowed  to  punish  her  when,  at  30, 
she  became  a  harlot. 

The  church,  in  those  ages,  made  it  a  pious 
act  to  marry  a  prostitute,  and  absolved  from 
their  sins  all  who  did  so.  In  France  awoman 
of  this  class  might,  at  a  very  ancient  period, 
save  a  criminal  from  death,  by  inducing 
him  to  espouse  her,  and  Farnacius  relates  an 
anecdote  which  shows  this  custom  to  have 
existed  in  Spain.  In  a  city,  which  he  does  not 
name,  a  young  man  mounted  on  an  as^  Avas 
being  conducted  to  the  scaffold.  A  courtezan 
was  struck  by  his  beauty,  oflered  him  his 
life  if  he  would  become  her  husband.  He 
refused.  The  temptation  was  not  strong 
enough  to  induce  him  to  accept  such  a 
wife.  He  merely  answered,  "Let  us  move 
on,"  and  reached  the  place  of  execution. 
Meanwhile,  how^ever,  an  account  of  the 
incident  had  reached  the  king,  and  he,  ad- 
miring the  youth's  courage,  pardoned  him. 


190 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


From  this  -we  may  learn  that  though  the 
church  consecrated  such  a  marriage  with 
peculiar  grace,  public  opinion  considered  it 
infamous. 

The  jurisprudence  of  the  middle  ages 
introduced  new  principles,  and  these  unions 
became  more  rare.  Many  doctors  of  law 
announced  that  they  were  contrary  to  the 
sacred  code. 

In  Spain,  where  concubinage  was  legally 
recognised,  men  of  rank  were  forbidden  to 
take  as  concubines  slaves,  whether  born  in 
actual  bondage  or  emancipated,  dancers, 
servants  of  taverns,  go-betweens,  or  pro- 
stitutes. It  was  disputed  whether  the 
children  of  these  women  could  be  legiti- 
matized by  subsequent  marriage.  It  was 
decided  that  they  could,  though  with  more 
difficulty  than  others,  and  their  mothers  be- 
came amenable  to  the  laws  against  adultery. 

Persecution  in  all  barbarous  ages  and 
countries  has  endeavoured  to  perform  the 
task  of  teaching  and  reclaiming  mankind. 
The  members  of  the  venal  sisterhood  have, 
more  than  any  others,  experienced  the  harsh 
effects  of  this  species  of  legislation.  The 
law  sought  to  withdraw  them  from  vice 
by  shutting  from  them  every  approach  to 
virtue,  to  reform  their  minds  by  forbidding 
them  the  society  of  honest  persons,  to 
elevate  them  from  their  degradation  by 
adding  to  their  infamy.  It  refused  to 
receive  them  as  witnesses,  even  when 
violence  was  done  upon  their  persons; 
though  more  liberal  jurists  cried  out  amid 
the  clamour  of  intolerant  bigotry,  that  the 
protection  of  justice  should  attend  even 
the  vilest  prostitutes  in  the  vilest  dens  of 
her  resort ;  but  the  spirit  of  the  times  was 
vindictive,  and  because  society  was  corrupt 
and  base,  it  was  most  unsparing  in  its 
cruelty  towards  the  victims  of  debasement 
and  corruption. 

In  spite  of  every  one  of  these  rude 
devices  of  a  rude  society  to  banish  im- 
morality to  habitations  of  its  own,  by  badges, 
quarters,  distinct  costumes,  and  even  sepa- 
rate laws,  prostitutes  swarmed  in  every  city 
of  Europe,  and  still  more  in  its  innumer- 
able camps.  Armies  were  then  undisci- 
plined bands  of  adventurers,  and  pillage 
was  the  soldier's  chief  purpose.  Xenophon 
tells  that  the  nations  of  Persia,  Asia  Minor, 
and  India,  were  accompanied  on  their 
marches  by  their  women  and  their  children, 
to  defend  whom  they  fought  with  more 
courage ;  and  Athenseus  describes  Chareas, 
causing  a  band  of  beautiful  courtezans  to 
dance  before  his  phalanxes  to  Jihe  tune  of 
flutes  and  psalteries.  Two  thousand  pros- 
titutes were  driven  from  the  camp  of 
Scij^io  Africanus;   and   so,  in  the   middle 


ages,  every  army  drew  in  its  train  numbers 
of  public  women.  Three  hundred  were 
with  the  army  which  laid  siege  to  St. 
Jean  d'Acre  in  1189,  and  during  the 
whole  of  the  crusades  the  Christian  armies 
were  followed  by  them.  Many  times  the 
leaders  endeavoured  to  check  this  de- 
bauchery. Some  of  the  girls  were  flogged. 
Sometimes  the  man  who  was  found  with 
one  of  them  was  obliged  to  allow  her  to 
strip  him  to  his  shirt,  and  lead  him  with  a 
rope  through  the  camp.  On  the  plains  of 
Perretola,  after  the  defeat  of  the  Floren- 
tines, in  1325,  public  dances  were  executed 
by  prostitutes  for  the  amusement  of  the 
army.  In  all  parts  of  Europe  similar  pro- 
fligacy distinguished  the  camp  ;  and  long 
after  we  find  Jeanne  d'Arc,  when  reviewing 
the  army,  chastised  with  her  sword  several 
prostitutes  whom  she  detected  among  the 
ranks.  Marshal  Strozzi,  with  a  ferocity 
worthy  of  that  period,  drowned  800  of 
them  in  the  Loire.  When  the  Duke  of 
Alva  invaded  Flanders,  there  accompanied 
his  army  "  400  courtezans  on  horseback, 
beautiful  and  grand  as  princesses,  and  800 
others  on  foot."  These  were  for  the  pleasure 
of  10,000  men,  all  veterans. 

Prostitution  was  authorized  and  disci- 
plined, not  only  in  the  camps  but  in  the 
palaces  of  those  days.  From  the  eleventh 
century  to  that  of  Francis  L,  a  regular 
community  of  public  women  was  attached 
to  the  court. 

We  have  already  noticed  the  Queen  of 
Louis  VII.  kissing  one  of  them  on  her  way 
to  church  ;  and  we  find  Charlemagne  or- 
dering his  palace  to  be  cleared  of  them. 
At  the  Council  of  Nantes,  in  660,  it  was 
complained  that  the  concubines  of  the 
nobility,  instead  of  remaining  at  home, 
thronged  to  public  assemblies  ;  but  the 
seraglios  of  these  lords,  in  the  ninth  cen- 
tury, were  places  of  prostitution.  The 
German  law  imjjosed  a  fine  of  six  sous  on 
a  man  who  committed  violence  on  a  fe- 
male in  the  principal  or  royal  "gynecees," 
but  only  three  in  any  other.  It  was  for- 
merly the  custom  to  send  to  one  of  these 
retreats  a  woman  convicted  of  adultery  ; 
but  this  was  at  length  forbidden,  lest  it 
should  simply  allow  her  an  opportunity  to 
repeat  the  offence.  Sometimes  they  were 
only  the  harems  of  the  proprietor,  some- 
times brothels.  William  IX.,  of  Poitou, 
established  in  the  eleventh  century  an 
abbey  for  prostitutes,  where  he  added 
to  his  profligacy  the  crime  of  sacrilege, 
giving  the  harlots  the  titles  of  abbess  and 
prioress,  and  parodying  every  sacred  rite. 
The  orgies  of  his  palace,  and  indeed  of  all 
others  of  that  age,  are  indescribable. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


191 


The  title  of  King  of  the  Prostitutes  was 
given  to  the  oiEcer  who  presided  over  the 
rojal  brothels.  In  Paris,  in  Normandy, 
and  in  Burgundy,  we  find  this  function- 
ary. Under  the  kings  of  France  he  en- 
joyed a  high  rank  and  many  privileges; 
and  associated  with  him  was  a  woman  who 
governed  the  prostitutes,  and  punished 
them  with  whipping  when  they  offended. 
In  England,  also,  the  palace  and  the  man- 
sions of  the  nobles  contained  small  bro- 
thels. In  Henry  VIII.'s  palace  was  a 
room,  with  an  inscription  over  the  door, 
"  Chamber  of  the  King's  Prostitutes." 

Thus,  throughout  the  world,  there  was, 
in  the  middle  ages,  profligacy  and  corrup- 
tion, which  rose  to  its  height  at  the  period 
which  preceded   the  Reformation.      From 
their  chief  places  of  resort  in  royal  palaces 
prostitutes  spread  over  the  whole  of  society, 
invading  the  church,  the  hearth,  following 
the  camp,  dividing  the  privileges  of  the 
wife,  and  ever  debauching  both  sexes  by 
their  companionship.     Rods,  prisons,  gal- 
lows, chains,  pillories,  tortures,  served  in 
no  way  to  prevent  or   even  to  discourage 
them  ;     badges    and    restrictions    proved 
equally  futile  ;  but  it  is  agreeable  to  find 
some  relief  to  this  dark  spectacle  of  de- 
moralization.     In    the   age   of    primitive 
Christianity    religious    men    endeavoured 
to   reclaim,  from   vice   those    whom    they 
found  making  a  trade  of  it.     We  cannot 
stay  to   dwell  on  the  sincere  apostleship 
which  laboured,  especially  in  the  East,  and 
was  followed  by  fathers  and  hermits  from 
the  desert.     Stories  of  conversions  of  this 
kind   fill   the   legends   of    the   time,    and 
earnest   attempts  were   made    to  offer  an 
asylum  to  the  unhappy  women  who  had 
abandoned       themselves      to     profligacy. 
We   have   noticed  Theodora,  the  imperial 
harlot   of    Rome,    collecting    500    prosti- 
tutes in  a  palace  on  the  Bosphorus  ;  but 
her  impure   hand  could  not  perform  well 
the  oflices  of  charity,  and  she  applied  force 
to   fill   her  asylum.      Many  of  the   girls, 
therefore,  who  were  shut  up  in  her  mag- 
nificent and  luxurious  prison,  found  their 
confinement  insupportable,  and  committed 
suicide  to  escape  it.     In  1198  two  Parisian 
priests  established  a  nunnery  for  repentant 
women,  and   thirty  years   afterwards   the 
House  of  the  "  Daughters  of  God  "  was  in- 
stituted, and  these   efforts  were  rewarded 
wdth  much  genuine  success.  Two  centuries 
passed   without    many  enterprises   of  the 
sort  being  undertaken ;  but  in  the  fifteenth 
century  an  association  of  public  women  was 
formed  to  exchange  their  base  gains  for 
those  of  piety  and  virtue. 

In  1489  all  the  prostitutes  of  Amiens, 


animated  by  a  sudden  awaking  of  remorse, 
applied  for  a  place  of  retreat,  where  they 
might  bury  their  shame,  and  renew  their 
honesty.  This  was  granted,  and  several 
others  were  established,  the  inmates  of 
which  wore  white  garments. 

In  several  other  parts  of  France,  and 
generally  in  Europe,  the  religious  orders 
made  attempts  to  recall  some  of  the  aban- 
doned class  of  females,  to  redeem  the 
virtue  of  their  sex,  and,  as  they  laboured 
with  sincerity,  many  of  their  enterprises 
were  successful.  But,  on  the  whole,  pros- 
titution still  increased,  and,  the  Reforma- 
tion broke  over  a  state  of  society  demo- 
ralized to  the  very  core  *. 

Of  Prostitution  in  Spain. 

Few  nations  have  been  described  in  more 
various  ways  and  in  more    contradictory 
terms  than  the  Spaniards.     In  the  pages 
of  one  writer,  we  find  them  represented  as 
in  all  things  a  great  example  of  virtue, 
morality,   and   uncorrupted    manners ;    in 
another,  they  are  pictured  as  the  very  em- 
bodiment  of  vice   and   degradation.     We 
have  been  at  much  pains  to  deduce  from 
the  history,  from   the    achievements,  and 
from  the  actual  state  of  Spain,  as  these  are 
set  forth    by   innumerable   authorities,    a 
just  opinion  of  its  national  characteristics, 
and  the  sketch  we  shall  offer  is  the  result. 
In  that  country  we  have  to  divide  class 
from  class  before  we  can  fairly  view  its 
manners.     On   the  one   hand   we   have  a 
peasantry  ill-taught,  and  educated  to  ser- 
vility ;  then  a  trading  body,  with  another 
employed   in  professions  ;    and  thirdly,  a 
large    order   of  nobles,   degenerated   alto- 
gether  from   its    ancient    splendour,    but 
preserving  nevertheless  all  the  pride,  all 
the   indolence,   all   the   sensuality,    which 
characterized  it  in  the  age  of  extended  con- 
quest and  prosperous  commerce.     Upon  all 
these  classes  time  has  left  traces,  and  the 
influence  of  their  history  has  been  remark- 
ably strong.     A  rich  soil,  a  warm  climate, 
an  abundance  of  precious  minerals — these 
circumstances   have    been   by    no    means 
without  their  effect.     The  Roman  Catholic 
religion,  an  army  of  priests,  an  arbitrary 
government,  and  the  habit  of  respecting 
persons  more  than  principles — these  have 
a   still    more    distinct   impression   on   the 
national  character.    A  literature  once  illus- 
trious  but    now    dead,   an    empire    once 
splendid    but   now   perished,   a  commerce 
once    magnificent    but    now    decayed,    a 

*  Rabuteaux,  ex  Lascher,  La  Chaus,  Layard, 
Knight,  Dulaure,  Chaussard,  Jacob,  Saint  Hilaire, 
Hugues,  Faumin,  Sabatier,  Beraud,  &c.,  &c. 


192 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


wealth  once  gorgeous  and  now  turned  to 
poverty,  arts  once  noble  and  now  degraded 
— in  these  we  find  an  index  to  the  Spanish 
national  character.  There  is  nothirg  virgin 
in  the  country,  there  is  nothing  progres- 
sive, there  is  nothing  with  hope  :  all  the 
glory  of  Spain  belongs  to  the  past.  The 
present  is  a  wreck,  and  the  future  is  a 
blank. 

The  manners  of  Spain  present  none  of 
that  simple  purity  which  we  find  in 
Switzerland.  Every  influence  to  which 
the  people  are  subject  tends  to  corrupt 
them.  Young  women  who  stand  at  their 
windows,  and  see  with  delight  the  flagel- 
lants go  by,  lashing  themselves  until  the 
blood  splashes  under  their  whips,  cannot 
possess  much  dignity  of  mind.  Yet  such 
are  the  spectacles  which  in  Spain  have 
been  made  familiar  and  favourite  to  the 
populace.  There  is  throughout  Spanish 
society  an  eff"ort  to  appear  better  than  they 
are,  which  in  itself  is  an  unfailing  indica- 
tion of  impurity.  Men  dare  not  when  in 
company  take  any  improper  liberties  with 
women,  even  those  whom  they  might  be 
able  privately  to  seduce.  On  the  stage 
they  hoot  a  piece,  which  in  France,  or 
even  England,  would  not  be  regarded  as  in 
the  slightest  degree  indelicate.  Neverthe- 
less, in  their  retired  rooms,  ladies  who  are 
thus  prudish  before  the  world,  will  suffer 
approaches  gross  enough,  will  amuse  them- 
selves with  obscene  pictures,  will  pardon 
readily  equivocal  jokes,  and  listen  to  songs 
of  the  worst  indecency.  Nor  will  they 
object  to  behold  the  fandango  danced, 
though,  whatever  some  tolerant  travellers 
may  say,  it  is  proverbially  obscene. 

In  many  parts  of  the  country,  and  espe- 
cially in  Seville,  the  ancient  national  cus- 
toms are  still  preserved,  and  young  girls 
are  always  when  in  the  street  accompanied 
by  a  duenna.  In  Madrid,  where  manners 
have  undergone  a  change,  this  is  no  longer 
the  case  ;  but  in  the  more  primitive  cities 
it  is  more  prevalent.  The  guardianship  of 
such  a  comp  tnion,  however,  by  no  means 
implies  absolutely  a  respectable  character, 
for  common  prostitutes,  when  they  do  walk 
abroad,  are  often  accompanied  by  old  wo- 
men who  attract  notice  to  them,  and  fre- 
quently engage  visitors  to  their  places  of 
resort. 

The  actual  intercourse  of  the  sexes  in 
public  is  reserved,  except  with  respect  to 
conversation.  The  gossip  at  a  TertuUia, 
described  by  some  tourists  as  delightful,  is 
characterized  by  English  ladies  not  at  all 
inclined  to  satirize  Spanish  manners  as 
very  far  from  that  which  women  in  good 
society  among  us  are  accustomed  to  hear. 


Children  who  appear  fresh  from  the  nur- 
sery indulge  in  remarks  which  to  many 
appear  positively  obscene.  The  intellec- 
tual standard  among  them  is  low.  Ladies 
have  been  known  who,  with  all  the  pride 
of  an  hereditary  title,  could  scarcely  Avrite 
their  own  names. 

Good  wives  and  good  mothers  are  never- 
theless very  abundant  in  Spain.  It  has 
produced  heroines  of  every  kind,  from  the 
intriguers  of  the  Camarilla  to  the  defend- 
ers of  a  city.  When  "  in  love,"  the  Spanish 
woman  is  exceedingly  full  of  passion,  and, 
carrying  a  knife,  she  occasionally  employs 
it  to  revenge  a  slight.  These  essential 
characteristics  of  female  manners  are,  how- 
ever, gradually  yielding  under  what  we 
may  term  the  common  law  of  society  in 
Europe.  Madrid  is  assimilating  itself  to 
Paris,  and  Paris  to  London  ;  so  that  as  time 
progresses  the  peculiar  features  wear  off, 
and  statistics  alone  may  at  some  future 
period  form  the  measure  of  a  people's  mo- 
rality. 

In  the  rural  parts  women  share  with 
men  the  heaviest  labours  of  the  field. 
They  may  be  observed  as  you  pass  along 
the  highways,  staggering  under  the  weight 
of  enormous  burdens  ;  but  this  is  a  cir- 
cumstance attaching  to  poverty  in  all 
parts  of  the  world,  not  to  any  nation  in 
particular.  It  is  among  the  upper  and 
middle  classes  in  Spain,  though  in  many 
other  countries  the  contrary  is  true,  that 
women  wear  most  strongly  a  national  cha- 
racteristic appearance.  In  Madrid  and  the 
other  fashionable  cities  you  are  surprised  by 
the  vast  number  of  women  who  crowd  the 
streets.  They  have  no  domestic  occupa- 
tions ;  they  trouble  themselves  little  Avith 
the  nurture  or  education  of  their  children  ; 
they  devolve  on  hirelings  the  management 
of  their  household  aftairs  ;  and  they  re- 
lieve themselves  from  ennui  by  sauntering 
through  the  public  places,  dressed  with 
the  minutest  elegance,  carrying  their  fans, 
and  bargaining  on  it,  by  every  possible 
species  of  coquetry,  for  admiration  from 
the  passers  by. 

A  Spanish  woman  is  a  natural  coquette, 
and  when  married  cannot  abandon  the 
habit  familiarly  known  as  flirtation.  This 
gives  rise  to  jealousy  on  the  husband's 
part,  which  produces  infinite  misery. 

Marriage  is  held  in  law  a  solemn  and 
irrevocable  contract.  It  is  under  many 
legal  regulations,  and  subject  to  the  au- 
thority of  the  Roman  Catholic  Church. 
In  the  hands  of  the  clergy,  indeed,  there  is 
vested  a  prodigious  arbitrary  power,  which 
they  are  careful  to  exercise,  lest  it  should 
become    obsolete    by  disuse.       They  may 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


193 


still  be  seen  interfering  in  matrimonial  af- 
fairs ;  and  a  glance  at  the  manners  of  the 
Spaniards  some  centuries  ago  will  show  that 
the  clerical  power  has  not  decreased. 

Public  morality  was  carefully  guarded  un- 
der the  rule  of  the  Visigoths,  only   to  be  \ 
tolerated    during  the  Middle   Ages,   since  [ 
which  time  it  has  been  at  one  time  lax,  at 
another  severely  regulated  :  at  the  present 
day  we  find  it  in  a  strange  state  of  confusion. 

In  the  year  586 — 601,  the  king  of  the 
Visigoths  of  Spain  forbade  prostitution  in  a 
most  absolute  manner  under  pain  of  severe 
punishment. 

The  daughter  and  the  wife  born  of  free 
parents,  convicted  ofhaving  delivered  them- 
selves over  to  abandonment,  received  for 
the  first  ofi:ence  three  hundred  blows  with 
a  stick  and  were  ignominiously  driven  from 
the  city  ;  a  relapse  was  punished  with  the 
same  corporal  punishment,  after  which  the 
culprit  was  handed  over  to  a  poor  person, 
who  was  obliged  to  employ  her  in  perform- 
ing the  most  menial  offices.  If  the  parents 
were  convicted  of  being  accomplices  and  of 
having  participated  in  the  gain  derived  by 
their  daughter's  prostitution,  each  one  re- 
ceived one  hundred  blows.  The  slave  who 
gave  herself  up  publicly  to  libertinage  re- 
ceived three  hundred  blows,  and  when  she 
was  sent  back  to  her  master,  her  head  was 
shaved,  and  she  was  banished  from  the  city 
or  sold  in  a  place  from  whence  she  could  not 
return.  The  master  who  refused  to  sub- 
mit to  these  stipulations  of  the  law  received 
in  public  fifty  blows  with  a  stick  or  a  whip, 
and  the  slave  became  the  property  of  some 
poor  man  pointed  out  by  the  king  or  the 
judge,  under  condition  of  never  being  seen 
in  the  city  again.  If  the  master  had  par- 
ticipated in  the  debauchery  of  his  slave, 
that  is  if  he  had  reaped  any  profit,  he  re- 
ceived the  same  chastisement  as  the  culprit. 

This  decree,  made  especially  to  repress 
prostitution  in  the  cities,  applied  equally 
to  women  of  ill  fame  who  infested  the 
boroughs,  the  villages,  and  the  country  at 
large. 

This  was  at  the  commencement  of  the 
seventh  century,  and  such  were  the  severi- 
ties of  the  laws  passed  by  the  king  of  the 
barbarians,  Recard  by  name.  The  power  of 
the  Visigoths  was  broken  a  hundred  years 
afterwards  by  the  Arabs.  The  conquered 
fled  to  the  hilly  country,  taking  refuge  in 
the  mountains  of  the  Asturias  ;  but  what 
laws  were  in  force  amongst  them  we  do  not 
know — Yv'e  only  know  that  the  manners  of 
the  age  were  shameful.  Perpetual  wars, 
the  capture  and  consequent  pillage  of  vil- 
lages, the  license  of  the  soldiery,  helped  to 
constitute  a  state  of  things  not    at    all 


favourable  for  the  developement  of  female 
chastity.  The  Christians  and  the  Mussul- 
mans held  in  captivity  the  women  taken 
in  battle  and  treated  them  as  slaves. 

The  Arabs  were  soon  in  their  turn  con- 
quered by  the  Moors,  and,  as  the  struggle 
was  less  bloody,  the  two  people  mingled  and 
exercised  a  mutual  influence  over  one 
another  ;  but  the  influence  of  the  Arabs 
was  more  direct,  **The  loose  manners  of 
the  East,"  says  M,  Guardia,  "  and  the  luxury 
ever  prevalent  amongst  orientals,  were  im- 
palpably  engrafted  on  the  austerer  habits 
of  the  Christians,  Chivalry  was  found  to 
be  perfectly  compatible  with  debauchery." 
The  corruption  of  manners  made  rapid 
strides.  Prostitution  reappeared  in  all  its 
forms ;  nor  was  it,  as  amongst  the  Arabs, 
hampered  by  municipal  restrictions  or 
fettered  by  arbitrary  and  severe  legisla- 
tion. 

In  the  fifteenth  century  the  old  regula- 
tions were  resuscitated,  and  immorality 
found  itself  once  more  compelled  to  bow 
to  the  dicta  of  priests.  Nevertheless  these 
rigorous  measures  proved  that  the  remedy 
was  worse  than  the  evil.  Secret  debauchery 
took  the  place  of  public  libertinage,  and 
clandestine  prostitution  increased  accord- 
ingly. 

In  the  year  1552,  Charles  V.  promul- 
gated an  edict  against  the  keepers  of  houses 
of  ill  fame,  considerably  augmenting  the 
existing  punishments.  Four  years  later 
this  law  was  confirmed  by  Philip  II. 

The  sequel,  however,  proves  that  laws 
were  powerless  against  public  corruption. 
Immorality  is  buoyant  and  contagious,  and 
never  so  mischievous  as  when  it  is  hidden. 

The  end  of  the  fifteenth  century  wit- 
nessed a  reform.  Prostitution  came  to  be 
regarded  as  a  branch  of  the  public  admi- 
nistration, and  placed  under  severe  laws 
and  precise  regulations. 

About  1623,  the  health  of  the  commu- 
nity began  to  be  considered,  and  hygienic 
measures  were  introduced.  This  was  a 
great  step,  and  one  rendered  the  more  ne- 
cessary by  reason  of  the  terrible  ravages 
committed  by  lues  venerea,  which  at 
this  epoch  assumed  the  form  of  a  terrible 
epidemic. 

Three  quarters  of  a  century  elapsed,  and 
the  subject  was  carefully  studied,  for  in 
1704  the  council  decided  that  the  mayors 
of  towns  could  arrest  and  imprison  im- 
modest women,  who  showed  themselves  in 
crowds  upon  the  public  promenades,  and 
became  an  object  of  scandal  and  disorder. 
But  these  coercive  measures  often  repeated 
were  without  efiect.  Soon  the  law  was 
found  to  be  powerless  against  corruption. 


O 


194 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Since  this  epocli,public  morality  has  been 
lax  and  openly  disregarded.  The  provinces 
imitated  the  example  of  the  capital.  At 
the  end  of  the  eighteenth  century  an 
attempt  was  made  to  legislate,  but  nothing 
came  of  it.  In  1822,  the  Cortes  passed  a 
Bill  relating  to  public  health,  which,  in 
point  of  fact,  was  nothing  more  or  less 
than  to  establish  houses  of  ill  fame  a:nd 
recognise  their  existence.  This  fell  to  the 
ground  through  the  opposition  of  a  iihysi- 
cian  named  Garcia. 

In  1853,  the  population  of  Madrid  was 
estimated  at  270,000.  These  figures  in- 
clude the  floating  portion,  which  is  not  in- 
significant. Every  woman  who  chooses  to 
prostitute  herself  for  money  is  perfectly  at 
liberty  to  do  so ;  she  has  to  render  no 
account  of  her  conduct,  no  authorisation  of 
any  sort  is  necessary.  The  police  give  no 
passes  nor  is  there  any  registry.  Under 
these  circumstances  statistics  are  next  to 
an  impossibility.  Not  only  does  the  law 
tolerate  and  acknowledge  prostitution,  but 
it  actually  appears  to  cherish  and  foster  it, 
by  permitting  the  grossest  disorder,  and  by 
placing  no  obstacle  in  the  way  of  the  inces- 
sant progress  of  debauchery.  Local  autho- 
rity confines  itself  to  noticing  only  the 
most  flagrant  occurrences — such  as  a  too 
great  number  of  women  in  the  promenades 
and  public  thoroughfares,  or  when  a  large 
number  of  men  amongst  the  soldiers  m 
garrison  fall  victims  to  the  ravages  of 
syphilis.  It  follows  from  such  a  state  of 
things  that  the  hospitals  are  gorged  with 
sufi'erers,  and  frequently  do  not  suffice  to 
contain  all  those  who  wish  to  enter.  The 
consequence  is  that  this  disease  takes  the 
most  alarming  forms,  and  does  serious  in- 
jury to  the  public  health. 

We  cannot  possibly  make  anything  like  a 
correct  estimate  of  the  number  of  women 
who  live  by  prostitution  in  Madrid,  al- 
though some  manuscript  notes  furnished 
to  M.  Guardia,  place  it  at  about  one  thou- 
sand. This  may  only  be  an  approximate 
calculation,  and  it  is  clearly  putting  it  at 
its  minimum  rather  than  its  maximum. 
Two  hundred  of  the^e  are  kept  women  ; 
though  we  are  inclined  to  believe  this 
much  below  the  actual  numbers,  as  manners 
are  very  loose  in  Madrid,  and  the  habits 
of  Spaniards  incline  in  a  singular  degree  to 
concubinage.  Probably  six  hundred  women 
live  in  houses  of  ill  fame,  the  keepers  of 
which  exercise  the  most  absolute  authority 
over  the  unfortunates  that  come  into  their 
power.  In  every  one  of  these  houses  one 
finds  an  indefinite  number  of  young  women, 
which  varies  from  eight  to  ten.  The  wo- 
man who   keeps    the    place    lodges    and 


dresses  them.  In  many  of  these  places 
there  are  only  two  or  three  resident  wo- 
men, for  there  are  also  houses  of  appoint- 
ment and  convenience.  If  the  number  of 
indoor  pensioners  is  limited,  those  who  walk 
about  the  streets  are  like  locusts  or  the 
sand  of  the  sea-shore,  next  to  innumerable. 
They  have  their  abode,  perhaps,  in  their 
own  families,  or  else  they  return  to  their 
lodgings.  Most  of  these  public  women  are 
either  milliners,  seamstresses,  laundresses, 
and  pastrycooks,  or  employed  in  the  ma- 
nufacture of  tobacco.  The  people  who  keep 
houses  of  ill  fame  find  it  to  their  interest 
to  preserve  the  health  of  their  lodgers, 
which  the}^  are  not,  as  a  rule,  negligent  of, 
but  yet  it  is  a  fact  that  syphilis  is  preva- 
lent in  Spain  to  a  frightful  extent.  The 
authorities  are  at  no  pains  to  prevent  its 
ramification,  and  the  climate  is  only  too 
favourable  for  its  growth  and  extension. 
We  divide  the  w^omen  who  live  by  prostitu- 
tion in  Madrid  into  three  classes  :  1st, 
Those  who  are  kept ;  2nd,  Those  who  live 
in  houses  of  iU  fame  ;  and  3rdly,  Those  who 
are  free,  and  merely  make  use  of  the  above- 
mentioned  houses  for  a  short  time.  Within 
this  latter  category  we  must  include  about 
three  hundred  prostitutes,  who  constitute 
the  lowest  grade  and  infest  the  worst  parts 
of  the  capital.  These  have  been  recruited 
perhaps  from  all  classes,  having  sunk  lower 
and  lov.^er,  until  every  vestige  of  shame 
and  modesty  having  totally  disappeared, 
they  traffic  for  the  bare  means  of  subsist- 
ence and  submit  to  any  and  every  degra- 
dation to  obtain  it.  They  even  exercise 
their  avocation  in  the  streets  and  public 
places.  On  the  other  hand,  prostitution  has 
plenty  of  places  of  resort,  such  as  cafes, 
public  houses,  and  refreshment  rooms. 

The  police  are  fully  empowered  to  take 
into  custody  any  woman  guilty  of  an  open 
breach  of  the  law,  although  they  may  not 
interfere  wdth  her  for  plying  her  trade,  or 
we  might,  with  some  justice,  say  her  pro- 
fession. Sometimes  the  magisterial  authori- 
ties banish  them  from  Madrid,  thus  getting 
rid  of  the  most  dangerous  characters,  who, 
however,  like  black  sheep  in  the  provincial 
flocks,  only  serve  to  carry  corruption  into 
districts  hitherto  uncontaminated. 

There  is  in  Madrid  a  hospital  for  found- 
lings, but  the  fecundity  of  Spanish  prosti- 
tutes is  not  considerable.  This  is  an  asylum 
for  every  child  found  in  the  streets  or 
brought  by  mothers  who  wish  to  get  rid  of 
their  children.  On  an  average  it  receives 
annually  from  4500  to  5000  infants.  It 
was  founded  in  the  sixteenth  century  by 
charitable  people. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


195 


Amsterdam. 

One  is  astonished — exclaim  MM.  Schnee- 
vooght  (first  })hysician  at  the  hospital  of 
Amsterdam),  Van  Frigt  (assistant  surgeon 
to  the  same  hospital  and  the  syphilitic 
dispensary),  Van  Oordt  (student  in  the 
Parisian  hospitals) — one  is  astonished  that 
in  a  country  where  legislation  adapts  itself 
to  the  exigencies  of  modern  times,  among  a 
people  signalized  by  a  practical  genius,  an 
enlightened  administration  has  only  very 
lately  adopted  the  only  measures  to  check 
the  scourge  of  prostitution. 

In  Holland  religious  scruples  have  yielded 
before  considerations  of  a  higher  nature. 
The  Government  of  the  Netherlands  has  at 
last  decided  to  leave  to  the  Communes  the 
power  of  preventing  by  regulation  the  sad 
consequences  of  free  and  unrestrained  pros- 
titution. Supervision,  independantly  of 
the  services  which  it  renders  to  the  public 
health,  assists  to  prevent  the  extension  of 
the  evil  of  which  we  write. 

It  is  easy  to  suppose  that  the  capital  of 
Holland  offers  peculiar  facilities  for  the 
growth  of  this  vice,  which  always  flourishes 
in  commercial  and  maritime  cities,  and 
more  especially  vv4ien  the  two  are  com- 
bined. 

m.  •    •       1  In  1851  1852  1855 

ine  municipal  po-   

pulationwas  -  221,111  240,G69  250,304 
Floating  -  -  3,532  5,687  7.357 
Military     -       -         881         1,030        '793 

The  number  of  strangers  that  come  here, 
the  mariners  that  commerce  attracts,  the 
luxury  that  reigns  among  the  upper  classes,, 
the  number  of  young  men  of  good  family, 
who  are  condemned  to  a  life  of  celibacy  by 
inadequate  means,  unite  to  relax  the  morals 
of  the  Dutch. 

Even  now  the  municipal  authorities  re- 
coil before  the  difficulties  thrown  in  their 
way  by  the  independent  spirit  of  the 
people,  who  do  not  like  restrictions  im- 
posed by  authority,  however  salutary  they 
may  be. 

A  curious  book  which  appeared  in  1648 
relates  an  edict  published  in  1506,  by  virtue 
of  which  only  agents  of  the  municipal  po- 
Hce  were  allowed  to  open  and  keep  dis- 
orderly houses  and  in  certain  designated 
quarters. 

.  In  1789  a  commission  of  health  was  con- 
voked, and  strict  precautions  taken  to 
guard  against  infection.  It  followed  from 
this  that  177  women  were  doctored  in  one 
year,  a  number  nearly  double  that  of  the 
year  before. 

The  author  of  a  book  about  medicine, 
which  appeared  in  Amsterdam  in    1820, 


comj^lained  bittei-ly  of  the  depravity  of 
manners  which  led  to  the  decrease  of  mar- 
riages, and  of  the  great  number  of  prosti- 
tutes who  day  and  night  frequented  the 
streets  and  other  public  places  to  attract 
passengers  by  indecent  gestures  and  im- 
modest proposals :  more  than  800  Avere 
known  to  the  police,  of  v/hich  about  200 
lived  in  tolerated  houses. 

Coming  back  to  modern  times,  during 
the  year  1850  we  find  there  Avere  in  Am- 
sterdam 764  illegitimate  births,  among 
21,365  unmarried  inhabitants,  between  16 
and  30  years,  of  the  male  sex,  and  among 
25,207  of  the  female  sex.  At  the  same 
time  there  were  twenty  disorderly  houses 
and  400  prostitutes  not  inscribed,  but 
simply  known  to  the  police. 

There  is  a  society  in  Amsterdam  for  res- 
cuing fallen  women  who  wish  to  lead  a  new 
life.  It  is  called  the  Sternbeck  Asylum, 
and  is  productive  of  great  good. 

To  allude  to  the  insignificant  part  played 
by  the  police  is  to  avow  the  insufficiency 
of  the  hygienic  department. 

Although  the  girls  in  the  tolerated  houses 
are  supposed  to  be  compelled  to  submit  to 
examination,  any  inspection,  in  reality, 
is  voluntary  on  their  part.  Unfortunately 
there  are  a  vast  number  of  quacks  in  the 
city,  wl:o  only  prolong  and  aggravate  dis- 
ease, instead  of  curing  it.  There  is  a  hos- 
pital for  venereal  afi'ections,  with  two  wards, 
one  with  24  beds  for  the  men,  the  other 
with  50  beds  for  the  women,  which  are  all 
at  the  service  of  those  affected  with  syj^hi- 
lis.  Besides  this  there  is  a  syphilitic  dis- 
pensary, where  gratuitous  attendance  may 
be  obtained. 

Syphilis  has  increased  very  much  lately 
among  the  soldiers  in  garrison.  For  in- 
stance take  the  subjoined  figures,  extending 
over  five  years  : 


1852 


87 


1853 


94 


1851 


199 


1855 


156 


1856 


182 


All  women  must  be  inscribed,  whelher 
living  in  houses  or  by  themselves.  Dis- 
orderly houses  are  under  the  supervision 
of  the  police.  The  keeper  of  one  of  these 
houses  may  not  change  his  residence,  under 
penalty  of  a  fine  of  7  florins  and  the  loss 
of  his  licence,  without  communicating  with 
the  authorities,  and  loose  women  must  be 
provided  with  a  license.  The  regulations 
are  very  much  the  same  all  over  the  country, 
at  Utrecht,  Haarlem,  &c. 

Belgium. 

In  the  year  1856  the  floating  population 
of  Brussels  and  its  suburbs  was  260,080,  to 


o  2 


196 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


wliich  the  garrison  contributed  2414.  In 
the  same  year  the  total  registration  of  pros- 
titutes, according  to  the  law  in  their 
respect  provided,  numbered  638;  these 
were  divided  into  "  filles  de  maison "  and 
* '  6parses."  Although  the  police  regulations 
are  remarkably  stringent,  their  eflfect  upon 
public  morality  is  absolutely  nil,  although  it 
must  be  admitted  that  their  surveillance 
has  a  beneficial  effect  upon  the  public 
health.  Prostitutes  in  Brussels,  disgusted 
by  the  exercise  of  municipal  power,  fly 
without  the  walls,  and  withdraw  to  St. 
Josse,  which,  with  other  extra-mural  spots, 
is  much  infested  with  them.  The  same 
state  of  things  is  observable,  more  or  less, 
in  Antwerp,  Bruges,  Ostend,  Ghent,  Mons, 
Liege,  and  Namur.  By  the  Belgian  regu- 
lations the  circulation  of  prostitutes  in  the 
streets  after  sundown  is  prohibited  ;  women 
under  twenty-one  may  not  be  inscribed, 
and  the  medical  visitation  takes  place  twice 
a  week  by  the  divisional  surgeon,  and  when- 
ever else  he  may  please  by  the  superin- 
tending officer.  All  the  eparses  and  third- 
class  filles  de  maison  are  seen  at  the  dis- 
pensary, and  the  first  and  second  classes  of 
the  latter  order  at  their  domiciles.  The 
^parses  may  secure  this  privilege  by  pay- 
ment of  an  extra  franc  per  visit. 

The  tariff  of  duties  payable  by  houses 
and  women  is  as  follows  : — 

Every  first-class  maison  de  passe  pays 
25  francs  per  month. 

Every  second-class  maison  de  passe  pays 
15  francs  per  month. 

Every  third-class  maison  de  passe  pays 
5  francs  per  month. 

Every  first  class  "  maison  de  d6bauche  " 
pays  60  to  78  francs  monthly,  according  to 
the  number  of  its  authorized  occupants — 
from  6  to  ]0 — and  2  francs  extra  for  each 
such  additional  person. 

Every  such  second-class  house  pays  20 
to  32  francs  for  from  3  to  7  women,  and  1 
franc  extra  for  every   additional. 

Every  such  third-class  house  pays  from 
8  to  16  francs  for  from  2  to  7  women,  and 
1  franc  extra  for  each  additional. 

Every  first-class  fille  eparse  pays  on  each 
inspection  40  centimes  ; 

Every  second-class  fille  eparse  pays  on 
each  inspection  30  centimes. 

Every  third-class  fille  eparse  pays  on 
inspection  15  centimes. 

Upon  punctuahty  for  four  successive 
visits  these  payments  are  returned,  for  in- 
exactitude they  are  doubled. 

Directly  a  male  military  patient  is  taken 
into  hospital  he  is  minutely  questioned  by 
the  surgeon  who  attends  him  as  to  the 
exact  locality  of  the  house  wherein  he  thinks 


he  was  infected,  and  the  appearance  of  the 
woman.  She  is  soon  arrested  ;  and  if  the 
result  of  the  medical  examination  should 
prove  her  diseased,  she  is  placed  on  the 
police  surgeon's  list  and  sent  to  hospital, 
where  she  is  restrained  for  some  time  from 
spreading  contagion. 

Hamburg. 

Hamburg,  from  its  peculiar  situation  and 
the  extent  of  its  commerce,  may  be  con- 
sidered one  of  the  great  centres  of  trade 
at  present  existing  in  the  world,  and  for 
that  reason  it  deserves  more  than  a  cursory 
glance  or  a  casiial  notice. 

Documents  drawn  up  during  the  thir- 
teenth and  fourteenth  centuries  relating  to 
public  women  are  still  in  a  state  of  pre- 
servation. 

There  is  a  Code  Municipal  for  the  city 
of  Hamburg  (1292),  which  contains  the 
most  ancient  regulations  of  this  description. 

The  17th,  18th,  19th,  and  30th  of  this 
code  regulates  in  detail  the  costume  of 
women  of  ill-fame  and  the  districts  where 
they  are  allowed  to  dwell.  Their  number 
is  not  chronicled,  but  it  appears  to  have 
been  considerable. 

The  contractors  or  speculators  in  women 
were  by  successive  enactments  heavily 
taxed  in  1562 :  the  sum  fixed  for  each 
woman  was  from  75  talents  to  the  extraor- 
dinary sum  of  569  ;  but  this  is  explained 
by  an  urgent  want  on  the  part  of  the  muni- 
cipality. 

The  provisions  of  the  ancient  code  were 
maintained  up  to  1603,  when  laws  of  unex- 
ampled rigour  were  passed.  Brothels  were 
closed,  women  and  their  jjaramours  were 
publicly  exposed,  and,  as  far  as  possible, 
outlawed. 

In  order  to  describe  the  state  of  prosti- 
tution in  the  19th  century  we  must  call  the 
attention  of  our  readers  to  an  enactment 
of  the  year  1807  :  it  is  of  some  length,  and 
we  have  only  extracted  briefly  from  it. 

1 .  Every  person  who  lodges  women  must 
send  to  the  pretor's  office  a  list  of  the 
names  of  people  living  there,  with  their 
age,  their  birthplace,  and  the  time  of  their 
entering  the  establishment. 

2.  When  a  new  girl  arrives  she  must  be 
presented  at  the  office. 

3.  When  a  woman  leaves,  the  office  must 
be  informed  of  the  fact  in  writing,  and  her 
new  abode  pointed  out. 

4.  The  landlord  or  landlady  must  par- 
ticularly impress  upon  the  lodgers  not  to 
have  connection  with  men  having  a  con- 
tagious malady. 

5.  When  a  woman  discovers  herself  to 
be  infected  she  must  intimate  the  circum- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


197 


stance  to  her  landlord,  and  abstain  from 
practising  her  avocation,  under  pain  of  se- 
vere punishment. 

6.  The  employer  who  makes  the  lodger 
infringe  this  regulation  subjects  himself  to 
imprisonment  and  the  pillory. 

11.  The  landlord  must  look  carefully 
after  the  health  of  his  lodgers,  who  must 
submit  to  a  surgical  examination  by  the 
municipal  physician  every  fifteen  days,  and 
follow  his  advice  punctiliously. 

17.  Landlords  are  forbidden  to  attract 
foreign  women  by  false  promises  who  have 
not  yet  been  debauched. 

18.  The  same  penalties  are  inflicted  by 
the  law  upon  a  brothel-keeper  who  pre- 
vents a  repentant  woman  from  leaving  her 
course  of  living, 

19.  Intoxicated  men  are  not  to  be  robbed, 
but  to  pay  simply  the  charge  put  down  in 
the  general  tariff. 

A  short  time  afterwards  the  French  oc- 
cupied the  city,  when  this  edict  was  re- 
pealed and  another  substituted  in  its  place 
in  the  year  1811. 

In  1834  the  position  of  women  and 
brothels  was  regulated,  an  account  of  which 
may  be  seen  in  the  blue  book. 

It  will  be  nothing  new  if  we  remark  that 
marriage  seems  to  be  on  the  decrease  in 
every  populous  city,  and  especially  in  Ham- 
burg, as  we  had  occasion  to  notice  before. 

In  1825  and  1826,  among  208  marriages 
one  can  count  no  less  than  108  women  ac- 
couched three  or  four  mouths  after  mar- 
riage. 

We  subjoin  a  table  of  illegitimate  births 
.n  proportion  to  legitimate  marriages : — 


Years. 

1701—1715 
1780—1790 
1790—1800 
1800—1811 


Legitimate 

Children. 

16     . 
11      . 

9     . 

7     , 


Natural 
Chilxlreu. 

81 
1 
1 
1 


and  from  1836 — 1846  one  in  five. 

There  are  many  foreign  women  in  Ham- 
burg, for  among  512  women  inscribed  at 
the  prefecture  in  1846,  101  only  were  born 
in  the  city.  Many  girls  are,  in  point  of 
fact,  known  prostitutes,  though  not  posi- 
tively known  as  such  to  the  authorities, 
for  they  must  have  the  consent  of  their  pa- 
rents before  they  can  be  inscribed,  which 
gives  a  larger  number  of  strangers,  who  are 
fettered  by  no  such  restrictions. 

Holstein,  Prussia,  and  above  all  Bruns- 
wick and  Hanover,  contribute  more  than 
any  other  countries.  Austria  and  France 
are  unrepresented. 

At  Hamburg  a  woman  who  is  in  want  of 


money  may  make  more  by  a  single  act  of  in- 
discretion than  by  an  entire  week  of  labour. 
It  may  be  interesting  to  state  the  ages 
of  the  women  inscribed  in  1844  at  the  office 
of  police  : — 

16  women  were  less  than  20 

401       „         „     from  20  to  30 

74       „  „      30  to  40 

U       „  ,,      40  to  50 

Total  502 

The  police  regulations  to  prevent  young 
girls  not  yet  twenty  from  abandoning  them- 
selves are,  as  these  statistics  prove,  totally 
insufficient. 

The  Hamburg  women  are  generally, 
thanks  to  their  strong  constitutions,  healthy 
and  robust.  It  is  remarkable  that  the  pub- 
lic women  possess  better  teeth  than  the 
rest  of  the  feminine  population. 

Syphilis  is  not  so  virulent  as  in  former 
times  or  in  some  other  cities,  and  is,  as  the 
annexed  hospital  returns  evidence,  upon 
the  decline  amongst  men. 

In  1843  there  were  355  men  infected. 

1844  „  335 

1845  „  316  „ 

The  way  m  which  women  of  ill-fame  at 
Hamburg  end  their  career  offers  nothing 
remarkable  :  some  marry,  some  adopt  dif- 
ferent professions,  sufficiently  lowly  ;  they 
sell  flowers,  for  instance,  they  keep  caba- 
rets, and  not  often  houses  of  evil  repute, 
a  very  small  number  become  domestic  ser- 
vants, and  some  die  in  prison,  where  they 
have  been  sent  to  expiate  an  offence  against 
the  laws. 

Registered  women  may  accost  persons 
of  the  male  sex  neither  by  day  nor  night, 
may  show  no  light  in  their  rooms  unless 
behind  drawn  curtains,  nor  receive  men 
under  twenty  years  of  age,  nor  be  in  the 
streets  unaccompanied  after  11  p.m.,  under 
penalties,  both  to  herself  and  the  landlord 
of  the  house  she  lives  in,  of  from  two  to 
eight  days' imprisonment  on  bread  and  water 
diet.  She  is  also  strictly  forbidden,  when 
out  of  doors,  by  any  speech  or  gesture  to 
indicate  her  object. 

The  examination  with  the  speculum, 
which  takes  place  at  home  twice  a  week,  is 
conducted  by  a  staff  of  three  medical  offi- 
cers and  an  inspector  of  police,  who  sign 
the  bill  of  health  or  remit  the  individual  to 
the  hospital  forthwith,  as  the  case  may  be. 

Marriage  seems  to  be  on  the  decline  in 
Hamburg,  for  in  1840  there  was  only  one 
marriage  among  every  one  hundred  of  the 
population. 


198 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  TOOK. 


Prussia — Germany. 

Although  education  is  almost  compul- 
sory in  Prussia,  it  fails  most  egregiously 
to  produce  that  which  it  ought  to  be  the 
object  of  education  and  knowledge  to  obtain. 
Female  chastity  marks  more  closely  than 
any  other  thing  the  moral  condition  of  so- 
ciety. They  may  go  through  an  entire 
course  of  scholastic  discipline,  but  the  re- 
gulation of  the  passions  is  more  the  result 
of  home  influence  than  of  reading  and 
writing,  or  Latin  and  Greek,  inculcated  and 
taught  by  educational  sergeants  or  clergy- 
men in  primary  schools  and  gymnasia. 
It  is  no  uncommon  event  in  the  family  of 
a  respectable  tradesman  in  Berlin  to  find 
upo-  his  breakfast-table  a  young  child,  of 
which,  whoever  may  be  the  father,  he  has 
no  doubt  at  all  about  the  maternal  grand- 
father. Such  accidents  are  so  common 
that  they  are  regarded,  if  not  with  indif- 
ference, as  mere  youthful  indiscretions. 
In  1837  the  number  of  females  in  the 
Prussian  population  between  the  beginning 
of  their  IGth  year,  and  the  end  of  their 
45th  year — that  is  within  child-breeding 
age — was  2,983,146.  The  number  of  illegi- 
timates born  in  the  same  year  was  39,501, 
so  that  1  in  every  75  of  the  whole  of  the 
females  of  an  age  to  bear  children  had  been 
the  mother  of  an  illegitimate  child.  The 
\msettled  military  life  of  every  Prussian  on 
his  entrance  into  the  world  as  a  man,  in- 
culcates habits  of  frivolity  and  thoughtless- 
ness, and  is  peculiarly  calculated  to  form 
the  character  of  the  young  man  for  evil 
rather  than  for  good. 

Berlin. 

Berlin,  the  richest  and  most  important 
city  in  Germany,  possesses  a  population  of 
300,000  inhabitants. 

In  a  city  like  this,  containing  a  far-famed 
and  numerously  attended  university,  a  very 
large  manufacturing  business,  and  a  nume- 
rous garrison,  we.may  verj  justly  expect  to 
find  prostitution  in  a  flourishing  condition  ; 
for  money  engenders  habits  of  luxury,  and 
luxury  is  the  forerunner  and  the  parent  of 
vice. 

At  Berlm,  during  the  middle  ages,  pros- 
titution laboured  imder  many  restrictions. 
Documents  bearing  upon  this  epoch  show 
us  that  prostitutes  were  confined  to  certain 
houses,  in  specified  streets,  and  compelled, 
by  command  of  the  authorities,  to  wear  a 
particular  costume. 

The  first  ^^maison  dc  Joie''  was  erected 


about  the  end  of  the  15th  century,  privi- 
leged by  the  corporation,  and  taxed  to  some 
extent. 

Those  prostitutes  who  infringed  the  rules 
imposed  upon  them  were  flogged  and  ex- 
T)elled  from  the  city.  But  they  were  never- 
theless imder  the  protection  of  the  authori- 
ties, who,  in  point  of  fact,  looked  upon 
them  as  belonging  to  the  city,  and  forming 
a  sjjecies  of  public  property.  A\'hosoever 
assaulted  a  courtezan  was  punished  as  a 
disturber  of  the  public  peace. 

There  were  certain  bath-houses  at  this 
time,  which  were  much  frequented  by  the 
richer  part  of  the  people  and  women  of 
station,  who  gave  themselves  up  to  clan- 
destine debauchery,  which,  if  it  was  disco- 
vered by  the  police,  subjected  the  partici- 
pators'in  it  to  the  severest  punishment,  of 
which  banishment  from  the  city  formed  the 
chief  part.  It  is  recounted  in  an  old  chro- 
nicle that,  in  1322,  an  ambassador  of  the 
Archbishop  of  Mayence  was  killed  by  the 
common  people  for  proposing  to  a  bour- 
geoise  to  accompany  him  to  one  of  these 
bathing  establishments. 

Concubinage  was  regarded  as  common 
prostitution,  and  absolutely  forbidden.  A 
law  was  passed,  that  peoj)le  living  together 
without  having  been  united  by  the  laws  of 
the  church,  should  be  banished  from  Ber- 
hn. 

Besides  those  prostitutes  put  imder  the 
protection  of  the  authorities,  and  called 
"  demoiselles  de  la  ville,"  there  were  others 
called  nomad  or  wandering  women.  They 
were  equally  notorious,  and  were  also  under 
control.  They  went  from  market  to  mar- 
ket, and  from  fair  to  fair,  to  give  them- 
selves up  to  fornication. 

The  Keformation  changed  all  this.  Severe 
moral  principles  made  way  among  the  peo- 
ple. A  religious  fervour  commenced  a  war 
against  that  which  had  always  been  re- 
garded with  toleration,  or  at  least  a  certain 
degree  of  forbearance,  up  to  this  time. 
They  went  so  far  as  to  look  upon  celibacy 
as  a  vice,  and  did  all  they  could  to  compel 
bachelors  to  marr}^  by  banishing  all  acces- 
sories of,  and  temptations  to,  debauchery. 
A  sort  of  proscription  was  organized  against 
loose  women,  and,  in  a  short  time,  the  city 
was  nearly  cleared  of  them.  This  was  very 
laudable,  no  doubt,  and  highly  praiseworthy 
from  a  strictly  puritanical  point  of  view, 
but  its  professors  soon  discovered  that  such 
an  artificial  state  of  things  could  not  long 
hold  together.  Adultery  increased  enor- 
mously, clandestine  prostitution  was  the 
order  of  the  day,  and  infants  were  exposed 
continually  in  tlie  public  streets.  This 
caused  the  most  austere  to  come  round  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


199 


more  moderate  views :  not  only  was  the 
ancient  state  of  things  re-estabUshed,  but, 
as  the  number  of  prostitutes  did  not  suffice 
to  satisfy  the  wants  of  the  population,  it 
was  considered  necessary  .to  augment  it, 
and  this  was  accordingly  done. 

Calvinistic  ideas,  that  is,  rigid  Protes- 
tantism, and  common  sense,  have  always 
struggled  together  in  Germany,  and  the 
authorities  have  had  the  greatest  trouble 
to  regulate  a  necessary  evil — the  one  of 
which  we  are  treating.  The  practical 
views  of  the  administration  were  fought 
against  up  to  1855,  when  a  fixed  system  was 
established. 

During  the  whole  of  this  time  the  public 
health  was  entirely  neglected,  which  one 
can  partially  understand,  for  syphilis  did 
not  make  many  ravages  during  the  16th 
century.  It  was  not  until  the  17th  that 
the  necessity  for  checking  its  progress 
made  itself  felt.  The  first  regulation  bear- 
ing upon  this  scourge  appeared  in  1700.  A 
medical  visit  was  ordered  every  fifteen 
days  ;  women  found  to  be  tainted  were  at 
once  sent  to  the  hospital,  and,  when  cured, 
sent  to  a  prison  or  workhouse,  where  they 
laboured  until  they  had  paid  off  the  cost 
of  curing  their  illness. 

The  moral  condition  of  Berlin  in  1717 
was  sad  in  the  extreme.  The  houses  of 
correction  were  not  sufficient  to  hold  the 
prisoners  committed  to  them,  clandestine 
debauchery  had  reached  its  height,  and,  to 
remedy  this  deplorable  state  of  things,  it 
was  found  necessary  to  increase  the  num- 
ber of  tolerated  houses,  the  number  of 
which,  in  a  very  little  time,  increased  to  an 
alarming  extent.  At  the  end  of  the  seven 
years'  war,  more  than  a  thousand  houses  of 
this  nature  might  have  been  counted  in  the 
city,  each  containing  on  an  average  nine 
women.  These  houses  were  divided  into 
three  distinct  classes,  the  lowest  of  which 
accommodated  ruffians  and  blackguards  of 
every  description.  The  prostitutes  were 
there  dressed  commonly,  and  hke  working 
people.  The  houses  of  the  second  category 
were  devoted  to  the  artizans  and  the  middle 
classes.  Those  of  the  third  class,  were,  of 
course,  devoted  to  the  rich,  and  contained 
women  well  dressed,  and  in  every  way 
quahfied  to  seduce  from  the  paths  of  virtue. 
In  1796  another  attempt  was  made  to 
reduce  the  number  of  prostitutes,  but  like 
all  former  attempts  of  the  same  nature,  it 
proved  ineff'ectual  on  account  of  the  aug- 
mentation of  secret  vice.  This  was  at  the 
end  of  the  18th  and  the  beginning  of  the 
19th  century;  and  caused  syphilis  to  in- 
crease very  much,  and  the  old  regulations 
were  put  in  force  from  1815  to  1829. 


In  1844  the  respectable  inhabitants  of 
Berlin  clamoured  loudly  for  the  suppression 
of  houses  of  ill  fame  ;  and  the  government, 
in  spite  of  the  remonstrances  of  the  police, 
listened  to  the  petitioners,  and,  in  1845,  all 
houses  of  this  nature  were  closed,  and  the 
girls  sent  back  to  their  homes,  or  some 
other  place  that  they  indicated  outside  the 
Prussian  territory.  This  accomphshed,  the 
consequences  very  soon  made  themselves 
felt,  and  the  Puritans,  who  were  at  the  bot- 
tom of  the  measure,  were  compelled  to 
confess  that  their  precipitancy  and  ill-ad- 
vised legislation  were  productive  only  of  the 
worst  effects-.  Clandestine  prostitution 
developed  enormously,  syphilis  extended 
its  ramifications,  and,  after  ten  years,  it 
was  found  necessary  to  re-establish  tole- 
rated houses. 

The  garrison  suffered  dreadfully  from 
disease  ;  so  much  so,  indeed,  that  General 
Wrangel  solicited  the  Minister  of  the  In- 
terior to  put  things  on  their  old  footing. 

Illegitimate  births  terrified  statisticians 
by  their  frequency. 

Let  us  consider  the  number  of  natural 
births  during  three  different  periods.  The 
first  period  shall  indicate  the  births  during 
the  time  that  prostitution  was  tolerated 
and  spread  equally  over  the  city.  The 
seconcl  when  it  was  confined  to  certain 
streets,  and  the  third  during  the  suppres- 
sion. 

Illegiti-       Legiti- 
Years.  mate  mate 

Births.       Births. 

1st  period,  1838-9,  1840-1  5,652  34,450 
2nd  „  1842-3,  4,  5  10,175  54,696 
3rd      „         1847-8,  9  5,053     1;"6,782 

The  proportion  of  illegitimate  births  to 
legitimate,  in  the  first  period,  is  one  to 
seven ;  in  the  second,  one  to  five  ;  in  the 
third,  one  to  six. 

When  prostitution  was  tolerated,  the 
number  of  prostitutes  did  not  vary  very 
much  ;  for  instance  : 

In  1792  there  were  in  Berlin  269  ; 
„  1796  „  „  257 ; 

of  which  190  lived  in  54  tolerated  houses, 
and  67  in  lodgings. 

In  1808  there  were  433  in  lodgings;  of 
which  230  were  spread  over  50  houses,  and 
203  lived  in  lodgings.  Besides  this  there 
were  about  467,  who  gave  themselves  up  to 
clandestine  prostitution.  The  population 
was  at  this  time  150,000  ;  it  was  during 
the  occupation  of  the  French. 

In  1810  there  were  165  prostitutes  spread 
over  44  houses. 

In  1819  there  were  311  prostitutes,  198 
in  houses,  and  113  in  lodgings. 

In  1837  there  were  258  prostitutes  spread 
over  34  houses. 


200 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  JPOOB. 


In  1844  there  were  287  prostitutes  spread 
over  26  houses,  and  18  in  lodgings. 

In  1849  the  number  of  prostitutes  of  all 
classes  in  Berlin  was  estimated  at  10,000. 

There  is  a  provision  common  to  Berlin 
and  some  other  towns,  that  the  keeper  of  a 
licensed  house  must  defray  the  cost  of 
curins;  any  person  whose  contraction  of 
venereal  disease  in  his  house  can  be  esta- 
lished. 

Dr.  Behrend  is  of  opinion  that  besides 
the  10,000  prostitutes  known  to  the  autho- 
rities that  we  have  before  alluded  to,  there 
are  8000  clandestine  ones. 

It  may  be  interesting  to  Enghsh  readers 
to  know  that  the  price  of  admission  to  a 
certain  class  of  tolerated  houses  in  Berhn 
is  M.  for  which  a  cup  of  coffee  is  given,  the 
use  of  a  private  room  for  fifteen  minutes 
3s.,  for  thirty  minutes  5s.,  and  those  prices 
include  the  company  of  one  of  the  women, 
who  receives  one-third  for  herself. 

Austria. 

In  Austria  public  brothels  are  not  tolerated 
by  the  pohce,  and  pubhc  women  are  sent 
into  the  houses  of  correction  ;  but  this  legis- 
lative enactment  will  not  convey  a  true 
idea  to  a  foreigner  of  the  actual  state  of 
morality  throughout  the  country.  Stran- 
gers, and  those  whom  for  want  of  a  better 
designation  we  will  term  closet  moralists^ 
who  draw  their  conclusions  from  prima 
foxie  evidence,  would  be  inclined  to  consider 
'the  territory  governed  by  the  house  of 
Hapsburg  almost,  if  not  entirely,  free  from 
vice,  because  the  streets  of  the  capital  and 
other  towns  are  almost  free  from  the  spec- 
tacles that  disfigure  the  pave  in  other  well- 
known  places  of  cosmopolitan  pilgrimage 
and  resort.  Bat  we  shall  prove  the  reverse 
to  be  the  case  not  only  in  Vienna,  but 
throughout  the  kingdom. 

Austria  is  an  amalgamation  of  conquered 
countries  which  require  an  enormous  stand- 
ing army  to  keep  in  subjection,  hence  it 
very  naturally  follows  that  the  moral  sense 
is  deadened  in  many  districts  to  an  alarm- 
ing extent ;  and  this  is  the  invariable  result 
of  military  despotism,  for  the  sense  of  mo- 
rality which  is  essentially  the  result  of 
education,  is  never  so  acute  as  in  free  and 
well-governed  countries. 

The  extent  and  population  of  the  differ- 
ent states  that  comprise  the  Austrian  em- 
pire is  thus  estimated  in  the  official  reports 
of  1851. 


Provinces. 


German — Austria,  Archduchy    .   .  . 

. Tyrol,  Principality 

Styria,  Duchy 

Sclavonian — Illyria,  Kingdom     .   .   . 

Bohemia,  Kingdom 

Moravia  and  Silesia,  Margravate 

Dalmatia,  Kingdom 

Magyar — Hungary,  with  Sclavonia,  &c., 
and  Croatia,  Kingdom    . 

Transylvania,  Grand  Principality 

Military  frontier  ....... 

Polish — Galicia  and  Bukovina,  Kingdom 
Italian— Lombardo- Venetian  Kingdom 


Total 


Area 
in  Sq. 
Miles. 

15,052 

10,081 
8,6Y0 
10,960 
20,203 
10,239 
5,067 

89,040 
21,390 
15,179 
33,538 
17,511 


257,830 


Popula- 
tion, 1851' 

2,390,376 
859,700 
1,006,971 
1,291,196 
4,409,900 
2,238,424 
393.715 

10,158,939 
2,073,737 
1,009,109 
4,930,303 
5,007,472 


35,770,842 


In  the  capital  itself,  the  lowest  and  most 
moderate  computation  allows  the  number 
of  prostitutes  to  be  15,000.  These  are 
under  police  supervision,  although  they  are 
not  licensed.  The  officers  of  justice  have 
the  power  of  making  domiciliary  visits,  and 
enter  their  dwellings  at  any  hour  of  the 
day  or  night.  If  they  are  discovered  in 
the  streets  after  a  certain  hour  they  may 
be  apprehended,  and  this  to  a  great  extent 
prevents  that  parade  and  ostentation  that 
is  observable  in  most  European  cities  of 
any  size  and  note.  We  are  informed  on 
reliable  authority  (Wilde)  that  almost  one 
in  every  two  children  born  in  Vienna  is 
"  illegitimate,"  which  evidences  very  clearly 
that  the  more  restrictions  you  place  upon 
public  immorality,  so  much  the  more  do 
you  increase  private  vice;  from  1830  to 
1837,  the  proportion  of  illegitimate  to  le- 
gitimate births  was  as  ten  to  twelve  in 
Vienna.  In  Austria  registers  of  births, 
deaths,  and  marriages,  are  kept  by  each 
minister  of  the  church  for  his  parish,  and 
also  by  the  Jewish  Rabbi  for  those  of  their 
own  persuasion.  The  register  of  births 
records  the  year,  month,  and  day  of  birth, 
the  number  of  the  house  in  which  the  birth 
occurred,  the  name  of  the  child  and  its 
sex,  and  whether  it  be  born  in  wedlock  or 
illegitimate,  the  names  and  surnames  of  the 
parents,  their  religion  and  the  names  and 
surnames  and  condition  of  tlie  sponsors. 
In  the  case  of  illegitimate  children  the 
name  of  the  father  cannot  be  entered  un- 
less he  acknowledges  the  paternity.  The 
register  of  marriages  records  the  year, 
month,  and  day  of  the  marriage,  the  place 
of  solemnization,  the  names  and  surnames 
of  the  parties,  their  religion,  age,  and  whe- 
ther single  or  widowed,  and  the  names, 
surnames,  and  condition  of  the  witnesses. 

If  a  woman  makes  an  application  to  the 
lying-in  hospital  and  states  her  povert}^ 
she  is  simply  asked  are  you  legitimately 
or  illegitimately  with  child.     The  success 


LONDON  LABOUR  ANB  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


201 


of  her  suit  depends  in  a  great  measure  upon 
her  reply,  for  if  she  says  I  am  pregnant  ille- 
gitimately she  is  admitted  on  the  spot, 
sometimes  in  the  fifth  or  sixth  month  of 
her  pregnancy,  generally  in  the  seventh. 
They  present  her  with  an  imperial  livery 
to  wear,  carefully  preserving  her  old  clothes 
until  she  departs.  After  delivery  she  has 
to  nurse  her  own  child,  sometimes  ano- 
ther's, and  when  she  goes  away  she  gets  a 
bonus  of  five  shillings,  thus  actually  re- 
ceiving a  premium  for  losing  her  virtue. 
For  the  two  first  months  of  its  existence 
the  child  is  nurtured  by  its  mother,  it  is 
then  sent  into  the  country  at  the  public 
expense  ;  and  if  a  male  it  is  always  welcome 
in  an  Austrian  peasant's  family,  for  if  they 
can  rear  it  to  eighteen  years  of  age,  it  is 
rendered  up  to  the  conscription  instead  of 
the  eldest  son  of  its  adopted  father.  Edu- 
cation is  very  general  in  Austria.  The  law 
of  1821  enacts  that  no  male  shall  enter  the 
marriage  state  who  is  not  able  to  read, 
write,  and  understand  casting  up  accounts. 
This  is  a  serious  restriction  to  connubial 
bliss  amongst  the  industrial  classes ;  but  the 
law  is  still  more  arbitrary,  it  makes  these 
qualifications  as  it  were  indispensable  to  a 
man's  existence.  It  further  says,  no  master 
of  any  trade  shall  without  paying  a  heavy 
penalty  employ  workmen  who  are  not  able 
to  read  and  write,  and  that  small  books  of 
moral  tendency  shall  be  published  and  dis- 
tributed at  the  lowest  possible  price  to  aU 
the  Emperor's  subjects. 

Mr.  McGregor  says,  "  The  provisions  of 
this  law  appear  to  me  to  be  pretty  generally 
put  in  force,  for  I  have  nowhere  in  Austria 
met  with  any  one  under  thirty  years  of  age 
who  was  not  able  to  read  and  write,  and  I 
have  found  cheap  publications,  chiefly  re- 
ligious and  moral  tracts,  almanacks,  very 
much  like  '  Poor  Eichard's,'  containing,  with 
tables  of  the  month,  moon's  age,  sun's 
rising  and  setting,  the  fasts,  feasts,  holidays, 
markets,  and  fairs  in  the  Empire,  and  oppo- 
site to  the  page  of  each  month  appropriate 
advice  relative  to  husbandry  and  i*ural  eco- 
nomy, with  moral  sayings  and  suitable 
maxims.  The  spirit  of  elementary  instruc- 
tion, if  not  the  most  enlightened,  incul- 
cates at  every  step,  morality,  the  advan- 
tage of  a  virtuous  life,  the  evil  of  vice,  and 
the  misery  consequent  on  crime."  Works 
of  art  are  subjected  like  books  to  the  cen- 
sors, who  are  unremitting  in  the  enforce- 
ment of  their  political,  moral,  and  religious 
restrictions. 

Modern  Eome. 

Mortification  of  the  flesh  is  one  of  the 
first  principles  of  the  Komish  faith,  and  a 


stranger  would  expect  to  find  any  laxity  of 
morals  amongst  the  inhabitants  of  the 
eternal  city  severely  punished  ;  but  in  point 
of  fact  prostitution  is  tolerated  and  regu- 
lated in  Eome,  although  there  does  not 
exist  any  special  act  relating  to  it. 

In  the  Middle  Ages  many  vices  stained 
the  fame  of  Rome  ;  but  it  is  of  the  present 
day  that  we  are  about  to  write.  The 
Eomish  system  has  produced  the  follow- 
ing results,  according  to  M.  Felix  Jacquot, 
who  hved  at  Eome  for  four  years  on  pur- 
pose to  study  the  morality  and  the  health 
of  Italy. 

1st.  Not  being  able  to  confine  prostitu- 
tion to  certain  houses,  it  has  spread  itself 
among  families. 

2nd.  Clandestine  prostitution,  which  is 
most  prevalent  at  Rome,  has  there  produced 
the  evils  that  it  always  engenders,  houses 
of  accommodation,  seduction  at  home,  and 
the  extension  of  syphihs. 

It  is  extremely  probable  that,  as  there  are 
no  standing  regulations  relative  to  prosti- 
tution, perhaps  a  sort  of  arbitrary  power  is 
vested  in  the  police  which  opens  the  door 
to  innumerable  evils. 

There  exist  at  Rome  five  formsof  clan- 
destine prostitution  :  let  us  begin  with  the 
street  walkers. 

Street  walker  is  the  only  name  that  can 
be  given  to  those  ignoble  creatures  that 
prostitute  themselves  in  the  evening  and 
during  the  night,  at  the  corners  of  the 
streets  and  in  the  dark  angles  of  the  pubhc 
squares  near  the  cathedral  of  St.  Peter,  and 
under  the  colonnades  of  Bernin,  where  the 
French  soldiery  are  so  often  infected.  The 
street  walker  was  not  much  known  at 
Rome  before  the  revolution  of  1849.  She 
is  the  result  of  disorder,  and  the  occupa- 
tion of  Rome  by  the  French  gives  vitality 
to  her  existence.  t>ome  of  these  wretches 
will  infect  ten  or  even  twenty  men  in  one 
night,  who  have  recourse  to  them  to  satisfy 
their  brutal  cravings  and  bestial  desires. 

We  have  to  treat,  secondly,  of  houses  of 
ill-fame  ;  but  there  is  little  to  be  said  about 
them  ;  they  do  not  difier  in  any  respect 
from  those  to  be  found  in  other  cities. 
The  dangers  of  frequenting  them  are  pre- 
cisely the  same.  Syphihs  acquires  new 
virulence  by  being  fostered  by  the  inmates, 
who  are  recruited  from  amongst  innocent 
and  inexperienced  girls  belonging  to  fami- 
lies in  the  city. 

Thirdly,  there  are  houses  where  the  girls 
neither  live  nor  sleep,  but  where  they  are 
sure  to  be^  found  during  certain  hours  of 
the  day.  The  women  dine  there,  and  only 
return  to  their  families  at  night.  These 
houses  are  not  numerous,  probably  there 


202 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


are  not  more  than  six  or  seven  in  the 
whole  city.  To  escape  the  watchfulness 
of  the  pohce,  these  change  their  locale ; 
whilst  one  or  two  close  others  open,  so  that 
there  is  no  diminution  of  the  evil.  They 
rather  affect  quiet  localities :  the  steep 
hilly  streets  little  frequented,  such  as  the 
rampart  of  the  capitol  behind  the  church 
of  USt.  Joseph  des  Menuisiers,  or  those  quar- 
ters where  strangers  who  come  to  23ass  a  sea- 
son at  Home  instal  themselves.  There  are 
not  many  women,  as  a  rule,  in  these  houses  ; 
generally  six  and  seldom  more  than  eight. 
They  are  frequented  by  young  girls,  and 
notoriously  by  married  women.  As  so 
man}"^  men  are  obliged  to  remain  bachelors 
when  they  take  orders,  a  vast  number  of 
women  are  compelled,  against  their  will,  to 
embrace  a  life  of  celibacy.  Then,  in  a 
country  without  industry  and  with  very 
little  agriculture,  the  lower  classes  have 
positivel}'  no  resources  to  marry  upon. 
There  is  a  disinclination,  also,  amongst 
all  classes  in  Kome  to  have  children  with- 
out possessing  the  means  to  educate  them 
as  they  should  be  educated.  There  is 
quite  a  passion  amongst  the  ladies  in  Rome 
to  get  married,  and  they  put  every  art  into 
requisition  to  effect  their  end.  An  irre- 
proachable character  is  one  of  the  means 
employed  by  young  unmarried  ladies. 
But  once  married  everything  is  changed, 
and  their  reserve  ceases.  This  change  is 
to  be  attributed  to  too  much  exclusiveness 
and  the  restraint  imposed  on  naturally 
strong  and  libidinous  instincts  ;  at  any  rate 
it  is  a  well-established  fact  at  Rome  that 
marriage  is  productive  of  the  worst  passions 
and  the  most  scandalous  intrigues. 

These  houses  are  subject  to  no  visits  of 
the  sanitary  police.  If  the  authorities  are 
cognisant  of  their  existence  they  take  no 
notice  unless  the  neighbours  complain  of 
such  immodest  residents  in  their  imme- 
diate vicinity.  Their  existence  depends  in 
a  great  measure  upon  the  lowest  members 
of  the  police  force,  whose  secrecy  is  often 
bought  by  large  bribes.  If  money  is  re- 
fused them,  these  fellows  complain  to  their 
superiors,  and  the  extermination  of  the 
offending  house  of  accommodation  gene- 
rally ensues. 

It  is  no  uncommon  thing  in  England  and 
France  to  hear  the  clamour  of  drunken  men 
and  women  issuing  from  those  houses — 
the  noise  of  bacchanal  lyrics  mingled  with 
oaths  and  curses,  the  immodesty  of  the 
women  joining  with  the  blasphemy  of  the 
men  ;  but  in  Italy  it  is  different.  There  is  a 
sort  of  dignity  amongst  the  Italians  even  in 
the  midst  of  their  debauchery.  An  anony- 
mous denunciation  before  the  clergy  of  the 


parish  or  the  justices  that  a  man  was 
di-unk,  will  often  expose  the  denounced  in- 
dividual to  punishment. 

The  hospital  of  San  Giacomo  is  set  apart 
for  syphilitic  maladies,  and  there  the  wo- 
men are  treated  by  the  physicians,  but  un- 
fortunately too  late. 

Gay  women  are  to  be  placed  in  the 
fourth  category.  Under  this  name  we  in- 
clude all  those  who  make  the  sale  of  their 
charms  a  profession.  Some  are  mistresses 
to  foreigners  and  to  natives,  and  transmit  in- 
fection from  one  to  the  other  ;  the  others  re- 
ceive the  first  comer  for  a  certain  stipulated 
sum.  There  are  a  few,  however,  who  only 
receive  those  that  are  known  to  them  or 
who  are  well  introduced.  This  is  a  measure 
of  personal  safety  ;  by  it  they  elude  the 
danger  of  infection,  and  escape  from  the 
supervision  of  the  police. 

Syphilis  is  very  prevalent  in  Rome,  more 
so  than  in  France  ;  and  the  influence  of  the 
climate  is  much  felt  in  accelerating  the 
approach  and  increasing  the  virulence  of  the 
disease. 

Fifthly.  Prostitution  in  families  is  one 
of  the  most  deplorable  results  of  the  non- 
toleration  of  open  houses  of  ill  fame. 

This  actually  goes  on  under  the  eyes  of 
the  parents :  the  mother  will  introduce  you 
to  her  daughter,  and  the  little  brothers  will 
provide  you  with  a  ladder  to  enter  the 
house  with. 

The  love  of  the  fai'  niente  is  so  strong 
amongst  the  Italians  that  labour,  when  it 
can  be  obtained,  is  odious  to  them. 
"La  travailleuse,"  says  M.  Jacquot, 
"  chaude  encore  des  baisers  adulteres  sera 
bien  reyue  dans  I'aicove  conjugale,  si 
elle  apporte  un  bon  pocule  au  bout  de  la 
semaine  ;"  and  he  adds  with  indignation, 
"  for  a  long  time  I  refused  to  believe  in  the 
existence  of  such  ignominy,  to-day  I  am 
only  too  well  convinced." 

An  honest  woman  will  on  no  account  be 
seen  in  the  streets  after  dark,  and  a  ser- 
vant will  not  go  into  the  city  from  the 
suburbs  after  the  day  has  disappeared. 

The  city  of  Rome  contains  150,000  peo- 
ple ;  and  nourishes,  lodges,  and  takes  care  of 
more  than  4000  poor  people,  infirm  people, 
old  people,  orphans,  foundlings,  etc.,  with- 
out reckoning  assistance  given  at  their 
own  houses  to  those  who  require  it.  There 
are  different  hospitals  too :  the  Trinitj'  of 
the  Pelerins,  the  deaf  and  dumb  asylum, 
the  madhouse,  .etc.  Nearly  22,000  neces- 
sitous are  relieved  every  year.  The  hospital 
of  St.  Roch  gives  admittance  to  women 
with  child  without  asking  their  name  or 
condition,  without  inquiring  whether  or 
not  they  are  married.     Women  in  a  good 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


203 


position,  who  wish  to  conceal  the  fruits  of 
a  culpable  amour,  can  receive  every  atten- 
tion by  paying  3  scudi  (or  about  4:S.  6d.  of 
our  money)  a  month.  The  child  is  taken 
to  the  Pia  cam  di  Santo-Spirito.  Both  men 
and  women  when  discharged  from  hospital 
are  so  weak  that  they  cannot  pursue  their 
avocations.  When  this  is  the  case  they 
are  received  into  the  refuge  for  convales- 
cents, called  the  Trinity  of  the  Pelerins, 
that  we  have  had  occasion  to  refer  to  before. 
This  hospital  has  received  six  hundred 
thousand  inmates  since  the  year  1625. 

As  things  are  at  present  constituted  at 
Rome  there  is  little  more  to  be  said  re- 
specting it,  but  we  cannot  conclude  with 
out  expressing  our  admiration  of  the  nume- 
ous  charitable  establishments  that  one  finds 
there.  Every  infirmity  is  cared  for  with 
no  sparing  hand,  and  the  defenceless  and 
the  destitute  are  not  deserted  by  the 
state  and  the  charity  of  private  indi- 
viduals. 

Turin. 

Turin  is  as  important  in  every  way  as 
Eome,  and  deserves  considerable  attention. 
Its  population,  if  we  include  the  floating 
inhabitants,  is  more  than  150,000. 

Almost  up  to  the  present  day,  that  is, 
until  very  lately,  the  supervision  of  the 
police  was  very  imperfectly  exercised,  and 
the  propagation  of  disease  was  the  inevit- 
able result.  In  1855,  M.  Hatazzi,  Minister 
of  the  Interior,  wishing  to  establish  a 
better  organization,  asked  Doctor  Sperino, 
well  known  in  the  world  of  letters  for  his 
works  upon  syphilis,  to  conceive  a  project 
bearing  upon  this  important  department  of 
the  public  health. 

These  new  ordonnances  established  a 
reform  not  only  in  Turin,  but  throughout 
the  kingdom. 

The  public  women  who  were  visited 
before  1856  w-er  at  Turin  180  ;  since  a 
scrupulous  supervision  has  been  esta- 
blished, the  number  is  increased  to  750. 
When  we  compare  these  figures,  we  shall 
see  how  much  this  department  of  the 
sanitary  police  was  neglected,  and  how 
necessary  and  efficacious  the  measures 
suggested  by  M.  Sperino  were.  This  is 
proved  in  a  better  way  still  by  the  notable 
diminution  of  disease  among  the  garrison. 
When  the  surveillance  of  prostitution  is 
badly  exercised  the  disastrous  results  can 
escape  the  notice  of  the  government,  but 
the  registry  kept  of  the  soldiers  who  go 
into  hospital  is  an  index  always  to  be 
relied  on. 

After  a  long  time,  a  hospital  specially 
devoted  to  venereal  diseases  has  sprung  up 


in  Turin,  called  the  Sypldlocome.  Tainted 
women  are  here  treated  gratuitously.  They 
also  receive  women  sent  from  the  provinces. 
Married  women  not  prostitutes,  who  are 
nursing  their  children,  are  received  here  in 
chambers  set  apart  for  them.  In  1856  the 
number  of  admissions  was  1661.  A  simi- 
lar institution  is  about  to  be  erected 
at  Genoa. 

Prostitutes  are  now  inscribed  on  the 
registers,  and  they  must  renew  their  licence 
annually.  The  cost  of  the  licence  in  the 
first  instance,  and  the  cost  of  renewal,  is 

For  prostitutes  belonging  to     f.    c. 
tolerated  houses  -  2     0 

For  free  women  of  the  1st  class    2     0 
„  2nd    ,,10 

„  3rd     „       0     60 

The  88th  article  of  the  fifth  section  of  the 
new  regulations  says,  "The  cost  of  the 
visits  of  the  physicians  made  to  indepen- 
dent prostitutes  at  their  own  houses  is  1  f. 
50  c,  and  those  attached  to  difi'erent  houses 
is  fijied  at — 

For  those   in   houses  of  the     f.    c. 
1st  class  -  -  10 

For  those  independent,  who 
come  to  the  sanitary  oflice, 
of  the  ]  st  class  -  10 

„      2nd    „  -  0     50 

„      3rd    „  -  gratis. 

In  the  third  class  we  only  include  the 
destitute." 

Art.  89.  All  the  taxes  imposed  upon 
prostitutes  and  upon  the  chiefs  of  houses 
of  tolerance  must  be  paid  to  the  director 
of  the  sanitary  office,  and  are  devoted  to 
X^aying  the  numerous  expenses  attendant 
upon  the  supervision  of  prostituion. 

Article  40  of  the  third  section. — The 
heads  of  houses  of  tolerance  must  not,  in 
any  case,  oppose  the  visits  of  the  agents  of 
police,  by  day  or  night,  when  the  said  visits 
are  deemed  necessary  for  the  interests  of 
public  security. 

41.  The  number  of  prostitutes  in  each 
house  is  fixed  by  the  police. 

49.  in  houses  of  the  first  class,  three  - 
fourths  of  the  fixed  price  goes  to  the  mas- 
ter, the  other  fourth  to  the  prostitute. 

50.  The  masters  of  houses  of  all  kinds 
must  pay  to  the  officer  of  inspection,  be- 
sides the  tax  for  sanitary  visits  made  to 
prostitutes  living  in  the  house,  an  annual 
sum,  fixed  as  follows  : 

For  houses  in  the  first  category,  that  is, 
where  prostitutes  have  a  fixed  abode, 

1st  class  400f. 

2nd     „     200f. 

3rd     „     lOOf. 
For    houses     coming    within    the   second 


204 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


category,  that  is,  where  independent  prosti- 
tntes  go  to  exercise  their  calHng, 

1st  class  lOOf. 
2nd  „  60f. 
3rd     „       40f. 

PiiAments  for  sanitary  visis  must  be  made 
eAery  fifteen  days,  and  the  latter  tax  three 
months  in  advance ;  at  the  moment  of  in- 
scription the  woman  is  subjected  to  the 
first  sanitary  visit. 

\Vomen  in  houses  of  iU  fame  must  not 
present  themselves  at  the  windows  or  stand 
in  the  doorway.  Every  immoral  provoca- 
tion on  the  part  of  the  keeper  is  absolutely 
forbidden.  All  servants  in  these  houses 
under  forty-five  shall  be  inspected  by  the 
doctors. 

Every  woman  found  in  any  of  these 
houses  without  being  furnished  with  a 
licence,  and  without  being  inscribed,  shall 
be  considered  as  giving  herself  up  to  clan- 
destine prostitution. 

The  master  of  the  house,  in  this  case, 
shall  have  his  licence  suspended,  or  altoge- 
ther taken  away  from  him, 

The  police  give  every  assistance  in  their 
power  to  those  prostitutes  who  wish  to 
quit  their  way  of  living. 

Houses  of  ill  fame  are  to  be  closed  at 
certain  hours  determined  by  the  police. 

The  rules  passed  in  1857  are  very  strict, 
and  place  loose  women  completely  in  the 
power  of  the  police,  without  whose  sanction 
they  can  do  nothing.  As  long  as  they  re- 
main prostitutes  they  are  in  a  complete 
state  of  servitude  ;  but  this  severe  super- 
vision is  productive  of  beneficial  results,  as 
far  as  the  curtailing  of  the  extension  of 
syphilis  goes ;  and,  after  all,  this  should 
be  the  main  consideration  with  every  legis- 
lator upon  this  much-vexed  question. 

Berne. 

The  peculiar  customs  of  the  Swiss  during 
the  middle  ages  give  an  unusual  character 
to  the  immorality  of  this  country.  In  the 
canton  of  Berne,  it  was  the  ordinary  custom 
of  the  young  men  to  make  nocturnal  visits 
in  troops  to  the  girls  of  their  acquaintance, 
generally  living  in  the  same  village.  These 
visits  were  made  for  the  purpose  of  con- 
tracting intimate  relations,  and  usually 
succeeded  in  doing  so.  Thus  intrigue 
almost  invariably  preceded  marriage,  and 
it  was  no  lumsual  thing  for  the  christen- 
ing of  the  first-born  to  take  place  imme- 
diately after  the  marriage  of  its  parents. 

"  The  inconstancy  of  the  human  heart," 
says  M.  D'Erlach,  "explains  why  young 
women  often  changed  their  lovers  ;"  so  men 


could  go  from  one  girl  to  another  for 
years  without  any  restriction  or  inter- 
ruption on  the  part  of  the  police. 

The  use  of  the  bath  was  establislied  dur- 
ing the  middle  ages,  and  although  first 
erected  for  sanitary  reasons  it  degenerated, 
as  in  Germany,  into  a  rendezvous  for  im- 
moral purposes,  during  the  sixteenth  and 
seventeenth  centuries.  These  baths  Avere 
taken  in  common,  and  this  promiscuous 
bathing,  and  the  peculiar  dress  worn,  pro- 
moted the  lasciviousness  both  of  men  and 
women. 

About  the  end  of  the  fifteenth  century 
the  demoralization  of  the  people  of  Berne 
had  reached  its  height,  when  the  Emperor 
Sigismund  visited  it  on  his  return  to  Rome. 
In  1528  the  clergy,  in  spite  of  their  pro- 
fessions, their  oaths,  and  their  precepts, 
surpassed  every  other  class  by  the  most 
scandalous  profligacy.  Amongst  the  houses 
of  ill-fame  one  had  acquired  a  shameful 
ascendanc}^  At  the  end  of  the  invasion 
of  the  Republic  by  the  French  this  tole- 
rated house  was  established  at  No.  13,  Rue 
de  I'Arsenal,  and  it  was  frequented  by  all 
the  great  men  of  the  day.  It  was  after- 
wards moved,  and  placed  opposite  a  church 
very  much  frequented  by  the  people.  To- 
wards the  end  of  the  Helvetian  Republic, 
it  was  once  more  translated,  on  account  of 
the  scandal  its  position  occasioned,  but  it 
was  finally  closed  in  1828  by  a  decree  of 
the  State  Council.  Until  then  there  was 
not  a  single  article  of  any  sort  against  these 
places — not  a  law  that  bore  even  remotely 
upon  houses  of  ill  fame. 

Notwithstanding  the  closing  of  this 
house,  several  others  have  sprung  up  in 
retired  districts  under  the  name  of  pubhc 
baths,  and  are  unmolested  by  the  police, 
who  tacitly  acknowledge  the  fact  of  their 
existence  and  acquiesce  in  it.  The  girls  in 
these  establishments  are  engaged  under 
various  pretexts  ;  some  are  supposed  to  be 
employed  in  the  kitchen,  some  take  care 
of  the  baths,  some  are  housemaids,  and 
look  after  the  bed-rooms — an  occupation, 
it  is  to  be  presumed,  that  most  of  them 
find  congenial;  sometimes  they  are  ima- 
gined to  be  on  a  visit  to  the  people  of  the 
house,  at  others  they  are  relatives.  The 
keeper  of  the  house  employs  his  own  phy- 
sician to  look  after  the  health  of  the  girls  ; 
and  these  are  obliged  to  report  to  the 
police  if  any  of  them  are  found  infected, 
when  the  police  make  a  personal  visit, 
not  generally  conducive  to  the  advance- 
ment of  the  interests  of  the  master  of  the 
house. 

Besides  the  women  inhabiting  these 
houses,   which    are  not  numerous,   there 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOE. 


205 


may  be  170  or  200  other  prostitutes. 
These  appear  on  the  register,  and  are  un- 
der the  eye  of  the  pohce. 

There  are  belonging  to  certain  famihes 
in  the  city,  and  exercising  no  profession, 
from  50  to  70  women. 

Living  in  the  city  without  their  families, 
under  the  pretext  of  a  profession,  but 
without  one,  120  to  130. 

"These,"  says  M.  D'Erlach,  "are  our 
prostitutes,  such  as  one  meets  in  the  streets, 
the  squares,  &c.  As  in  other  towns,  they, 
by  their  looks,  by  their  provoking  deport- 
ment, by  their  dress,  and  by  their  glaring 
colours,  endeavour  to  arrest  attention,  and 
entice  the  passers-by  into  places  where 
beds  may  be  obtained,  or  into  those  public 
baths  v/hich  are  well  known  to  harbour 
prostitutes." 

Another  class  of  prostitutes  is  formed 
by  those  who  actually  have  a  profession, 
but  unhappily  one  not  sufficiently  lucrative 
to  enable  them  to  exist.  These,  driven 
by  the  exigencies  of  their  position,  seek  in 
prostitution  that  which  their  profession 
denies  them.  Among  this  class  we  see 
milliners,  dressmakers,  shop-girls,  and  ser- 
vants. At  Berne  the  household  servants 
send  the  greatest  number  of  prostitutes 
into  this  category.  The  reason  is,  that 
nine-tenths  of  them  come  from  the  coun- 
iry,  and  are  placed  in  hotels,  public-houses, 
iobacco-shops,  &c.,  and,  inexperienced, 
easily  fall  a  prey  to  the  temptations  held 
out  to  them. 

A  few  words  concerning  the  places  of 
rendezvous  may  be  instructive.  The  girls 
in  a  certain  position  who  have  a  profession 
of  some  sort,  and  have  no  locality  adapted 
for  meeting  their  lovers,  have  recourse  to 
the  public  baths.  In  these  baths  each 
chamber  has  two  bathing  places  :  often  the 
rooms  communicate  with  one  another  by 
little  doors,  which  facilitates  the  commerce 
of  the  sexes,  about  which  the  keeper  of  the 
baths  is  profoundly  ignorant. 

The  legislature,  as  regards  sanitary  re- 
gulations, is  mute.  The  only  thing  that 
can  be  done  is  to  arrest  the  girls  when  it 
can  be  proved  that  they  are  infected,  and 
they  are  then  sent  to  prison. 

We  subjoin  some  extracts  from  the  law 
of  the  4th  June,  1852,  respecting  drink- 
ing-houses  and  other  analogous  estabHsh- 
ments : — 

"Art,  37.  The  authorities  of  police  and 
their  servants  can,  in  the  exercise  of  their 
functions,  open  at  any  hour  of  the  day  or 
night  the  inns  and  other  like  establish- 
ments. 

"Art.  39,  In  cases  particularly  urgent 
and  important,  the  Executive  Council  is 


authorized  to  shut  any  inn  or  analogous 
establishment, 

"Art,  55.  The  innkeeper  must  not  per- 
mit in  his  house  any  infraction  of  the 
existing  police  regulations." 

Innkeepers  are  further  forbidden  to 
allow  certain  rooms  in  their  houses  to  be 
used  for  immoral  purposes. 

The  City  of  Paris. 

From  time  immemorial  the  immorality 
of  the  city  of  Paris  has  been  proverbial. 
Every  historian,  no  matter  what  period  of 
Parisian  history  he  may  have  been  describ- 
ing, has  dwelt  more  or  less  on  the  charac- 
teristic profligacy  of  the  French  nation. 
Yet  all  documents  relating  to  the  middle 
ages  must  be  received  with  some  diffidence, 
as  they  were  chiefly  drawn  up  by  ecclesi- 
astics, whose  interest  it  has  often  proved 
to  distort  facts  and  falsify  statistics.  Never- 
theless, the  levity  of  the  French  people 
has  always  been  a  matter  for  comment 
amongst  the  inhabitants  of  other  countries  ; 
and  although  we  may  not  find  much  to  in- 
struct us  in  the  papers  relative  to  prosti- 
tution in  former  times  among  the  Parisians, 
there  is  much  to  be  relied  upon  which  is 
not  altogether  uninteresting. 

The  first  document  which  we  possess 
upon  the  number  of  prostitutes  in  Paris 
was  drawn  up  about  the  year  1762.  "This 
document,"  says  M.  Parent  Duchatelet,  "  is 
not  much  known.  We  found  the  MS.  in 
the  archives  of  the  Prefecture,  with  other 
papers  relating  to  prostitution."  It  con- 
tains a  memoir  presented  anonymously  to 
the  lieutenant  of  police  of  that  period.  It 
is  written  very  carefully,  and  with  great 
sagacity,  showing  a  profound  knowledge 
of  the  subject  of  which  it  treats.  The 
writer  estimates  the  number  of  prostitutes 
exercising  their  profession  in  the  city  of 
Paris  at  25,000.  A  few  years  later,  another 
writer,  alluding  to  the  same  subject,  reckons 
the  number  of  all  classes  upon  the  pave- 
ment of  Paris  at  20,000  ;  but  neither  of 
these  give  the  sources  from  whence  they 
derived  their  calculation. 

The  celebrated  M.  Boucher  places  the 
number  of  prostitutes  before  the  Revolu- 
tion at  30,000.  These  figures  are,  however, 
supposed  to  include  gay  women  of  every 
kind — actresses,  shop-girls,  manufacturing 
women,  and  public  women,  openly  known  as 
such. 

It  is  easy  to  see  that  there  is  a  great  un- 
certainty in  this  calculation  of  the  number 
of  prostitutes  before  the  Revolution,  but 
in  the  year  1802,  Fouche,  then  Minister  of 
Police,  having  an  idea  of  erecting  dispensa- 


206 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ries  in  every  city  in  France,  estimated,  in 
.speaking  of  Paris,  that  it  actually  did  con- 
tain 30,000  public  women. 

Eight  years  later,  in  1810,  the  Police 
Minister  demanded  from  his  subordinate 
officer  an  approximate  estimate  of  the 
number  of  prostitutes  in  the  city ;  and 
the  return  furnished  to  him  places  the 
number  at  18,000,  of  whom  one-half  were 
kept-women.  In  1825  the  author  of  the 
"  Biographie  des  Commissaires  de  Police  " 
was  of  opinion  that  the  actual  number  did 
not  exceed  15,000. 

It  was  not  until  after  the  administration 
of  Baron  Pasquier,  and  especially  since 
1816,  that  any  rehable  documents  were 
prepared.  The  researches  were  executed 
with  great  care,  and  every  woman  who 
practised  with  sufficient  publicity  was 
placed  on  the  returns. 

According  to  M.  Duchatelet,  the  total 
number  of  prostitutes  inscrib(id  on  the  re- 
gister in  1812  was   -  -  15,523 

1813  -     -    20,118 

1814  -     -    22,866 

1815  -     -    22,249 

1816  -    -    26,226 

1817  -     -    28,953 

1818  -     -    31,042 

1819  -     -    31,280 

1820  -     -    32,957 

1821  -    -    34,966 

1822  -     -    34,831 

1823  -     -    32,510 

1824  -     -    31,845 

1825  -     -    31,483 

1826  -     -    29,948 

1827  -     -    29,663 

1828  -     -    31,956 

1829  -     -    34,118 

1830  -    -    36,337 

1831  -     -    39,128 

1832  -    -    42,699 

(This  is  amalgamating  the  monthly  inscrip- 
tions during  the  entire  year.) 

This  calculation  extends  over  21  years, 
and  the  author  declares  the  numbers  to 
be  reliable.  It  is  extremely  interesting  to 
the  statistician  to  notice  the  fluctuations 
of  vice  during  different  periods  of  a  coun- 
try's history.  In  1815  it  will  be  perceived 
that  the  number  sensibly  diminishes,  but 
it  increases  gradually  and  regularly  from 
1816  to  1822,  a  time  at  which  the  inscrip- 
tions are  augmented  by  more  than  2900. 
In  1827  they  are  again  lowered,  only  to  be 
considerably  increased  in  1830.  These 
oscillations  must  arrest  attention,  but  it  is 
incontestable  that  prostitution  has  ad- 
vanced with  rapid  and  irresistible  strides 
during  each  successive  year  that  has  suc- 


ceeded, and  to  prove  such  to  be  the  fact 
we  accept  from  the  same  authority  a  table 
indicating  the  number  of  women  inscribed 
on  the  registers  within  the  following  22 
years,  which  will  bring  us  up  to  1854,  when 
there  is  a  monthly  average  of  4200. 

The  total  number  of  women  inscribed  on 

the  register  in  1833  was  -  44  676 

1834  -  -  45^382 

1835  -  -  45,759 

1836  -  -  45,811 

1837  -  -  46,584 

1838  -  -  47,881 

1839  -  -  47,630 

1840  -  -  47,153 

1841  -  -  46,635 

1842  -  -  46,089 

1843  -  -  45,846 

1844  -  -  46,340 

1845  -  --  47,559 

1846  -  -  49,915 

1847  -  -  51,422 

1848  -  -  51,298 

1849  -  -  50,015 

1850  -  -  52,291 

1851  -  -  52,918 

1852  -  -  51,620 

1853  -  -  50,614 

1854  -  -  50,790 
(It  must  be  understood  that  the  registry  is 

repeated  every  month.) 

It  has  been  asserted  that  Paris  was  the 
rendezvous  of  all  debauched  women  in 
France,  and  that  out  of  every  ten  thousand 
immodest  women  in  the  kingdom  nine 
thousand  at  least  are  to  be  looked  for  in 
the  capital.  "  Not  only,"  wrote  Restif  de 
Bretonne,  "  will  you  find  in  Paris  '  Lyon- 
naises,  Picardes,  Champenoises,  Normaudes, 
Proveuyales,  Languedociennes,'  &c.,  but 
foreigners,  Germans,  Swiss,  Poles,  Saxons, 
Spaniards,  Italians,  and  even  English,  have 
resorted  there,  so  that  we  may  even  deno- 
minate Paris  the  worst  place  in  Europe." 

At  the  time  that  liestif  wrote,  it  may 
be  almost  supposed  that  Parisians  were 
tiot  to  be  found  among  the  prostitutes  of 
the  capital. 

Among  12,707  women  inscribed  at  Paris 
since  April  1816,  up  to  April  1831 — that 
is  to  say,  during  15  years — 24  were  not 
able  to  tell  what  country  they  were  born 
in,  31  came  from  different  countries  foreign 
to  Europe,  451  belonged  to  European  coun- 
tries foreign  to  France,  12,201  were  born 
ni  French  departments. 

Among  the  31  strangers  to  Europe  were — 
38  Americans. 
11  Africans. 
2  Asiatics. 

During   the  years   1845   to  1854  Great 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


207 


Britain  contributed  56  women  to  swell  the 
ranks  of  the  prostitutes  in  Paris,  of  which 
London  sent  -  -       30 

Bristol  -  _  -  1 

Brighton        _  _  -  3 

Liverpool       -  -  -  1 

Southampton  -  -  1 

Sundry  Villages       -  -        14 

Ireland  _  _  _         4 

Scotland        -  -  -         2 


Total 


5Q 


From  the  16th  March,  1816,  up  to  the 
31st  April,  1831,  the  total  number  of  girls 
inscribed  on  the  registers  has  been  12,607, 
of  which  Paris  has  furnished  4469,  the 
chief  towns  6939,  and  the  others  have 
come  from  various  places.  These  sta- 
tistics we  consider  sufficient  to  prove  the 
fact  of  the  emigration  of  prostitutes  to 
Paris. 

It  has  been  supposed  that  almost  all 
prostitutes  are  natural  children.  That  this 
is  not  the  case  is  abundantly  proved  by  a 
careful  analysis  by  M.  Duchatelet,  in  which 
he  evidences  the  contrary  ;  out  of  1183  chil- 
dren born  in  Paris  not  quite  one-fourth  were 
illegitimate. 

The  list  of  the  professions  practised  at 
one  time  by  women  who  have  subsequently 
become  prostitutes  is  alarming,  from  its 
extensiveness,  including  as  it  does  no  less 
than  six  hundred  distinct  trades,  among 
which  we  perceive  seamstresses,  those 
in  the  linen  trade,  breeches-makers,  flannel- 
waistcoat  makers,  glovers,  upholstresses 
or  tapestry-makers,  darners  and  menders, 
strap-makers,  botchers,  milhners,  embroi- 
deresses,  gauze-workers,  flowerists,  feather- 
makers,  those  that  colour  or  illuminate, 
knitters,  lace-makers,  fringe-makers,  rope- 
makers,  furriers,  wool-workers,  hair-wea- 
vers, machinists,  cotton  -  spinners,  silk- 
weavers,  gold  and  silver  gauze  veil-makers, 
shawl-makers,  bonnet-makers,  and  innu- 
merable others  ;  indeed,  every  trade  may 
truly  be  said  to  be  adequately  represented 
in  this  social  congress  for  the  propagation 
of  vice.  There  are  also  those  who  have  once 
been  much  better  off.  For  instance  :  seven 
had  been  shopkeepers  in  a  very  respectable 
way  of  business,  three  were  midwives,  one 
an  artist,  six  were  musicians  and  gave 
lessons  on  the  harp  and  the  piano,  sixteen 
had  been  actresses  in  Paris  and  the  pro- 
vinces, and  three  (this  is  a  very  rare  case, 
and  an  exception  to  the  general  rule,)  pos- 
sessed an  income  of  200  francs,  of  500,  and 
even  1000.  It  is  not  easy  to  determine 
"what  inducement  a  life  of  prostitution 
could  hold  out  to  these  women. 


The  total  number  of  women  whose  pro- 
fessions were  known  amounts  to  31*20. 

The  returns  go  far  to  evidence  the  evil 
effects  of  sedentary  occupations  upon  the 
morals  of  young  girls  ;  then  the  fluctuations 
in  the  demand  for  labour  are  continually 
throwing  the  operatives  out  of  work,  and 
as  a  means  of  existence  they  naturally  re- 
sort to  prostitution  to  obtain  a  livelihood. 

To  show  the  extent  to  which  education 
has  spread  amongst  this  class,  we  give  the 
number  of  those  who  signed  the  register 
well,  of  those  who  signed  badly,  and  of 
those  who  could  not  sign  at  all,  out  of 
4470  girls  born  and  brought  up  in  Paris. 

Those  who  could  not  sign  -  - 

Those  who  signed  badly      -  - 

Those  who  signed  well,  and  some- 
times very  well     -  -  _ 
And  of  those  who  possessed  no  indi- 
cation to  show  what  they  were  - 


Total 


2332 
1780 

110 

248 
4470 


Ignorance  is  the  prevailing  characteristic 
of  the  "  femmes  galantes  "  generally  through- 
out the  world,  and  we  find  it  so  in  France, 
which  is  rather  singular  when  we  consider 
how  comprehensive  the  scheme  of  educa- 
tion is  in  that  country. 

As  far  as  religion  goes,  they  are  usually 
deficient  in  the  knowledge  of  the  most 
simple  articles  of  belief.  Sometimes  they 
are  fanatical  to  a  degree,  and  always  super- 
stitious. This  being  the  case,  it  will  not 
seem  w^onderful  that  they  always  receive 
the  rites  of  the  Church  on  their  deathbeds 
with  the  greatest  confidence,  satisfaction, 
and  dehght, 

It  is  very  well  known  that  soldiers  and 
sailors  have  a  way  of  tattooing  themselves 
on  the  chest,  the  arms,  and  sometimes  the 
legs.  The  inscriptions  are  often  of  great 
size,  and  elaborately  executed.  One  man 
will  have  a  battle  delineated  on  his  skin, 
or  the  likeness  of  his  sweetheart,  but  this 
of  course  depends  upon  his  turn  of  mind. 
This  habit  has  been  adopted  in  Paris  by 
those  prostitutes  who  live  in  the  houses 
frequented  by  the  military.  It  may  in  the 
first  instance  have  originated  from  a  desire 
on  their  part  to  ingratiate  themselves  with 
their  admirers.  At  all  events,  from  what- 
ever cause  it  may  have  arisen,  it  is  now  an 
established  custom.  Women  occasionally 
have  been  seen  in  the  hospital  with  as 
many  as  thirty  lovers  imprinted  on  the 
throat,  the  breast  and  other  parts  of  the 
body,  although  it  is  customary  for  them  to 
remove  a  lover  who  has  been  succeeded  by 
one  more  favoured,  and  the  means  had  re- 


208 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


coarse  to,  to  effect  this,  are  often  prejudicial 
to  the  health  of  the  girl  in  a  fatal  degree. 
They  will  not  hesitate  to  employ  sulphuric 
acid,  which  is  as  likely  as  not  to  raise  an 
ulcer  which  has  in  very  many  cases  ended 
in  the  death  of  the  sufferer.  Strange  to 
say,  the  figures  and  inscriptions  are  rarely, 
if  ever,  immodest  or  indecent. 

The  shibboleth  of  this  class  is  always 
"  Vive  la  bagatelle  !"  When  not  actually 
engaged  in  the  pursuits  their  avocation 
entails  upon  them,  they  seldom  do  anything. 
Their  existence,  if  not  altogether  dreamy 
and  inane,  is  certainly  one  marked  rather 
by  lassitude  and  inertness  than  enersy  and 
briskness.  _  They  are  perpetually  the  prey 
of  an  irresistible  craving  after  excitemeiit, 
which  devours  them,  and  the  morning  and 
afternoon  not  unfrequently  serves  only  to 
recruit  the  nerves  shattered  by  the  excesses 
of  the  ni<jht  before.  Reading  is  not  a  pas- 
time with  them,  although  some  may  fre- 
quently be  found  with  books  in  their  hands. 

Most  prostitutes  pass  under  false  names, 
and  they  even  go  so  far  as  to  change  their 
names  whenever  they  have  an  inclination 
to  do  so. 

The  names  that  the  better  class  are 
fondest  of  are  : — 


Aumale 

Zulma 

Calliope 

Irma 

Z6He 

Amanda 

Pamela 

Modeste 

Natalie 

Sidonia 

Olympia 

Flora 

Thalia 

Artemisia 

Armande 

Leocadia 

Octavia 


Malvina 

Virginia 

Azelina 

Ismeria. 

Lodoiska 

Palmira 

Aspasia 

Lucrece 

Clara 

Angelina 

Flavia 

Celina 

Emily 

Keine 

Anais 

Delphini 

Fannv. 


The  lower  class  do  not,  as  may  be  sup- 
posed, possess  so  refined  a  taste  as  their 
more  elevated  sisters.  We  subjoin  some  of 
the  most  popular  to  be  found  in  their  vo- 
cabulary : — 


Roussellette 
Collette 
Boulotte 
Mourette 
La  Puelle 
La  Roche 
La  Courtille 
La  Picarde 
Faux  Cul 


La  Bancale 
La  Blonde 
La  Proven^ale 
Belle-Cuisse 
Belle-Lambe 
Le  BoDuf 
Brunette 
Bouquet 
Louchon 


Mignarde 

Poil-ras 

Poillong 


Peloton 

Cocote 

Bourdonneuse, 


Leaving  this  subject,  let  us  touch  upon 
another  which  deserves  our  attention. 
Every  prostitute  has  a  lover  ;  he  is  generally 
selected  from  among  the  law  students, 
medical  students,  or  young  barristers,  for 
their  minds  being  cultivated  and  their 
address  easy,  the  woman  is  charmed  by  an 
intellectual  superiority  she  can  never  hope 
to  attain  to.  A  great  number  of  prostitutes 
of  course  recruit  for  lovers  among  the  shop- 
boys  and  tradesmen  of  the  city.  They  be- 
come so  ardently  attached  to  them  that  they 
will  submit  to  almost  any  indignity.  The 
"  Paillasson  "  may  be  the  greatest  tyrant 
in  his  small  way  that  ever  had  the  power 
of  lording  it  over  another,  but  no  diminu- 
tion of  her  regard  or  passion  will  result 
from  his  ill-treatment.  A  great  number  of 
young  men  in  Paris  have  no  visible  means 
of  existence,  but  a  prostitute  will,  in  most 
instances,  not  only  keep  her  lover  out  of 
the  proceeds  of  her  prostitution,  but  clothe, 
feed,  and  even  lodge  him  herself.  In  fact 
it  is  more  a  madness  than  a  passion.  They 
will  put  up  with  anything, — wounds,  curses, 
blows,  all  are  forgiven  aiid  forgotten. 

Introducing  houses,  and  houses  of  accom- 
modation are  tolerated  by  the  Parisian 
police,  for  it  is  found  impossible,  and  per- 
haps impolitic,  to  suppress  them.  The 
refuse  of  the  city,  both  men  and  women, 
are  confined  by  the  police  to  the  lowest 
quarters  of  the  city,  that  they  may  be 
under  the  immediate  control  of  the  autho- 
rities. So  that  the  vilest  and  most  aban- 
doned women  are  allowed  to  mingle  with 
thieves,  ruffians,  and  malefactors  of  every 
description  in  a  particular  locality,  instead 
of  infesting  other  parts  of  the  city. 

The  rank  and  title  of  '•''Dame  de  Maison,^' 
or  keeper  of  a  house  of  ill-fame,  being  the 
highest  pinnacle  of  a  prostitute's  career, 
and  the  acme  of  their  ambition,  of  course 
renders  such  a  position  a  matter  of  much 
envy  and  anticipation  to  them.  We  can  di- 
vide this  class  into  four  distinct  divisions — 

1st.  Those  who  have,  so  to  say,  gone 
through  the  world,  having  been  kept  by 
officers  in  the  army,  or  men  of  property, 
who,  perhaps,  are  thrown  over  by  their  ci- 
devant  admirers,  and  possessing  some 
money,  establish  themselves  in  this  way  aa 
a  means  of  making  a  livelihood  and  obtain- 
ing a  provision  for  their  dechning  years, 

2nd.  Those  old  prostitutes  who  have 
exercised  some  economy  during  their  youth, 
and  are  thus  placed  in  a  position  to  live 
somewhat  at  their  ease. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


209 


3rd.  Old  servants  and  confidential  wo- 
men who  have  lived  in  the  service  of 
keepers  of  houses  of  ill-fame,  who  have 
an  agreement  with  their  mistress  to  take 
her  business  or  succeed  her  on  her  death 
or  bankruptcy.  These  women  have  a 
knowledge  of  the  places  where  they  have 
lived,  and  know  perfectly  well  how  to 
manage  the  girls  who  resort  to  these  houses, 
and  thoroughly  understand  the  men  who 
visit  them. 

4th.  The  fourth  class  is  composed  of 
women  who  have  never  been  prostitutes, 
who  often  are  married  and  have  children. 
The  appetite  of  gain  has  launched  them 
in  this  career.  It  is  to  keep  a  furnished 
house  that  they  have  taken  in  prostitutes, 
or  having  set  up  a  public-house  they  enter- 
tain loose  women  to  make  men  come 
there. 

There  are  in  Paris  some  famihes  who 
have  kept  prostitutes  for  several  genera- 
tions, havmg  positively  no  other  source  of 
revenue  than  the  keeping  of  introducing 
houses  or  houses  of  ill-fame.  One  sees  the 
mother  exercising  her  profession  in  one 
quarter  of  the  city  and  her  daughter  in 
another.  The  daughters  succeed  their 
mother,  the  nieces  their  aunt,  etc.,  but  in 
general  this  is  very  rare,  one  not  being 
able  to  indicate  more  than  six  families  of 
this  description. 

There  are  some  conditions  which  these 
people  must  subscribe  to,  and  which  offer 
some  guarantee  to  the  authorities  for  the 
good  management  of  the  house.  To  begin 
with :  they  must  not  be  too  young,  lest  they 
are  unable  to  possess  sufficient  authority 
over  the  women  under  their  jurisdiction  ; 
twenty-five  is  generally  the  lowest  age,  ex- 
perience teaches  us,  at  which  a  woman  can 
become  a  safe  manager  of  an  immoral 
house.  As  a  rule,  licences  are  refused  to 
those  who  have  never  been  prostitutes. 

Force,  vigour,  energy  both  of  mind  and 
body  are  requisite  to  a  keeper  of  a  house 
of  ill-fame,  as  well  as  a  habit  of  com- 
manding, and  something  of  a  masculine 
manner.  If  to  these  qualities  they  join 
good  antecedents,  if  they  have  not  been 
taken  before  a  justice  of  the  peace,  if  they 
are  honest,  if  they  do  not  favour  clandes- 
tine debauchery,  if  they  are  unaccustomed 
to  get  intoxicated,  if  they  know  how  to 
read  and  write,  if  while  they  were  prosti- 
tutes they  had  not  a  tendency  to  infringe 
the  regulations,  the  authorisation  they 
ask  for  is  not  refused  them  ;  but  unhappil}^ 
it  is  found  too  late,  that  licences  are  given 
to  women  who  are  unable  to,  or  certainly 
do  not,  carry  out  these  wholesome  condi- 
tions and  necessary  stipulations.     The  de- 


sire to  possess  this  coveted  distinction,  and 
pass  from  the  condition  of  a  simple  prosti- 
tute to  that  of  "dame  de  maison"  often 
fills  young  women  with  the  greatest  anxiety, 
as  they  do  not  very  well  know  how  to  in- 
vest their  money,  and  they  often  embark  in 
this  career  in  a  speculative  manner  causing 
their  enterprise  to  end  in  bankruptcy  and 
failure  ;  this  fills  the  authorities  with  great 
trouble  and  they  are  extremely  particular 
in  giving  licences,  frequently  only  giving  a 
fourth-class  one  when  the  party  applying 
for  it  could  easily  set  up  a  first-class  es- 
tablishment. 

Certain  speculators  will  often  furnish  a 
house,  and  place  a  woman  in  it  for  immoral 
purposes,  who  will  encourage  other  women, 
and  it  becomes  a  house  of  ill-fame  ;  other 
intriguing  women  will  also  club  together 
and  establish  a  house  of  this  sort,  and 
install  one  of  their  creatures.  Now  these 
installed  women  are  not  really  and  truly, 
from  their  subordinate  position,  to  be 
called  "  dames  de  maison "  for  if  they  do 
not  every  week  pay  so  much  money  to 
the  speculators  who  have  employed  them, 
thay  are  instantly  turned  out  and  some 
one  else  comes  in  their  place.  It  is  easy 
to  see  that  this  system  does  not  give 
them  much  authority  over  the  women  who 
live  in  their  houses,  and  through  whose  in- 
strumentality and  prostitution  the  money 
is  made.  Without  authority  disorder  must 
ensue,  and  then  the  police  have  to  inter- 
fere.    There  were — 

In  1824  -  163  of  these  houses  in  Paris. 
„   1831-209 
,,1832-220 

On  the  1st  of  January,  1852,  there  were 
1246  women  in  these  houses.  On  the  1st 
of  December  there  were  1316,  but  making 
allowance  for  those  incarcerated,  either  for 
some  offence  or  for  illness,  we  find  the 
number  reduced  to  about  1005  active 
women.     There  were — 

In  1842  -  193  tolerated  houses  in  Paris. 

„  1847-177 
„  1852-152 

In  which  latter  year  these  houses  con- 
tained 1005  girls. 

In  1854,  Paris  contained  140  tolerated 
houses  in  which  1009  women  existed. 

In  the  suburbs  there  were — 

In  1842  -  36  of  these  houses. 

,,1847-63         „ 
,,1852-65         „ 

In  1852  the  number  of  girls  living  in 
them  was  417. 

In  1854  there  were  64  houses  containing 
493  women. 


210 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  numoer  oi  these  tolerated  houses,  it 
will  be  seen,  does  not  fluctuate  or  change 
very  largely,  with  the  exception  of  those  ex- 
isting in  the  suburbs,  in  Avhich  in  ten  years, 
that  is  to  say  from  1842  to  1852,  the  number 
was  increased  by  29.  We  have  shown  that 
the  summit  of  a  prostitute's  ambition  is 
generally  to  keep  a  house  of  ill-fame,  and 
such  being  the  case  it  is  only  wonderful 
that  the  number  of  such  houses  is  not 
larger  than  it  is. 

A  vast  deal  of  prostitution  goes  on  in 
the  small  smoking  shops,  the  low  public- 
houses,  the  brandy  shops,  and  the  wine 
houses.  These  refuges  exist  all  over  Paris, 
they  are  innumerable,  but  one  finds  them 
collected  especially  at  those  points 
where  the  workmen  and  the  industrial 
classes  meet  together,  such  as  the  larger 
barriers,  nearly  all  the  outside  boulevards, 
those  of  the  Hospital  and  the  Temple,  the 
'  Kue  Fromenteau "  and  neighbouring 
places,  the  streets  that  touch  the  large 
bridges,  etc. 

So  far  back  as  1818,  the  commissioners  of 
the  police  consulted  about  this  evil,  and 
the  necessity  for  suppressing  it ;  for  ^ot 
only  did  it  encourage  secret  vice  and  defeat 
the  ends  of  the  authorities,  but  it  was  a 
source  of  drunkenness  and  fighting,  and  in- 
deed of  all  sorts  of  disorders. 

In  December,  1851,  a  decree  was  promul- 
gated by  Louis  Napoleon  which  has  had 
some  effect  in  reducing  the  evil,  for  several 
drinking  shops  have  been  closed  since  then 
for  offences  against  the  decree. 

It  may  be  interesting  to  know  that  fre- 
quently girls  take  a  dislike  to  their  revolt- 
ing avocation,  and  return  voluntarily  to  their 
parents.  From  the  1st  January,  1821,  to  the 
30th  December,  1827,  254  girls  whose  names 
were  erased  from  the  registers  were  taken 
back  by  their  friends,  who  promised  to  pro- 
vide them  with  the  means  of  subsistence, 
and  gave  guarantees  for  their  good  conduct. 
Amongst  this  number — ■ 

133  were  reclaimed  by  the  mother  only. 
72  ,,  „         the  father  only. 

22  „  „         the    mother     and 

father  together. 
22  „  „         their  brothers. 

9  „  „        their  sisters. 

6  „  „         an  aunt. 

2  „  „         an  uncle. 

Each  of  these  girls  had  been  inscribed 
during  the  following  time — 

120  from  1  to  6  months 
37  more  than  6  months 
16  „  1  year 

65  „  2  years 

9  J,  3  years 


6 
8 
3 

Total— 254 


7  years 

8  years 

9  years 


The  sanitary  regulations  in  Paris  are  be- 
neficial to  the  community  at  large  in  the 
highest  degree.  Physicians  are  appointed 
by  the  prefecture,  who  make  periodical 
visits,  generally  twice  a  month,  for  the  pur- 
j)ose  of  ascertaining  the  state  of  the  health 
of  their  numerous  clients.  If  they  should 
discover  one  infected,  she  is  immediately 
sent  to  the  hospital.  / 

In  the  foregoing  pages  we  have  endea- 
voured to  give  a  brief  expose  of  the  dark 
side  of  the  brilhant  volatile  city  of  Paris. 
Such  a  subject  gives  ample  scope  for 
volumes,  but  the  nature  of  tliis  work  con- 
fines us  to  dry  facts  and  statistics. 

Prostitution  in  London.* 

The  liberty  of  the  subject  is  very  jealously 
guarded  in  England,  and  so  tenacious  are 
the  people  of  their  rights  and  privileges 
that  the  legislature  has  not  dared  to  in- 
fringe them,  even  for  what  by  many  would 
be  considered  a  just  and  meritorious  pur- 
pose. Neither  are  the  magistracy  or  the 
police  allowed  to  enter  improper  or  dis- 
orderly houses,  imless  to  suppress  disturb- 
ances that  would  require  their  presence  in 
the  most  respectable  mansion  in  the  land, 
if  the  aforesaid  disturbances  were  com- 
mitted within  their  precincts.  Until  very 
lately  the  police  had  not  the  power  of 
arresting  those  traders,  who  earned  an 
infamous  livelihood  by  selling  immoral 
books  and  obscene  prints.  It  is  to  the 
late  Lord  Chancellor  Campbell  that  we 
owe  this  salutary  reform,  under  whose 
meritorious  exertions  the  disgraceful  trade 
of  Holywell  Street  and  kindred  districts 
has  received  a  blow  from  which  it  will 
never  again  rally. 

If  the  neighbours  choose  to  complain 
before  a  magistrate  of  a  disorderly  house, 
and  are  willing  to  undertake  the  labour, 
annoyance,  and  expense  of  a  criminal  in- 
dictment, it  is  probable  that  their  exertions 
may  in  time  have  the  desired  effect ;  but 

*  We  rely  for  certain  facts,  statistics,  &c.,  upou 
Reports  of  the  Society  for  the  Suppression  of  Vice ; 
information  furnished  by  the  Metropolitan  Police  ; 
Reports  of  the  Society  for  the  Prevention  of  Juvenile 
Prostitution  ;  Returns  of  the  Registrar-General  ; 
Ryan,  Duchatelet,  M.  les  Docteurs  G.  Richelot,  Leon 
Faucher,  Talbot,  Acton,  &c.,  &c.  ;  and  figures,  in- 
formation, facts,  &c.,  supplied  from  various  quarters: 
and  lastly,  on  our  own  researches  and  investigations. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


211 


there  is  no  summary  conviction,  as  in 
some  continental  cities  whose  condition  we 
have  studied  in  another  portion  of  this 
work. 

To  show  how  diflficult  it  is  to  give  from 
any  data  at  present  before  the  public  any- 
thing like  a  correct  estimate  of  the  number 
of  prostitutes  in  London,  we  may  mention 
(extracting  from  the  work  of  Dr.  Kyan) 
that  while  the  Bishop  of  Exeter  asserted 
the  number  of  prostitutes  in  London  to 
be  80,000,  the  City  Police  stated  to  Dr. 
Ryan  that  it  did  not  exceed  7000  to  8000. 
About  the  year  1793  Mr.  Colquhoun,  a  po- 
lice magistrate,  concluded,  after  tedious  in- 
vestigations, that  there  were  50,000  pros- 
titutes in  this  metropolis.  At  that  period 
the  population  was  one  million,  and  as  it  is 
now  more  than  double  we  may  form  some 
idea  of  the  extensive  ramifications  of  this 
insidious  vice. 

In  the  year  1802,  when  immorality  had 
spread  more  or  less  all  over  Europe,  owing 
to  the  demoralizing  effects  of  the  French 
Revolution,  a  society  was  formed,  called 
"The  Society  for  the  Suppression  of  Vice," 
of  which  its  secretary,  Mr.  Wilberforce, 
thus  speaks : — 

"The  particular  objects  to  which  the 
attention  of  this  Society  is  directed  are  as 
follow,  viz. — 

"1.  The  prevention  of  the  profanation 
of  the  Lord's  day. 

"  2.  Blasphemous  publications. 

"  3.  Obscene  books,  prints,  etc. 

*'  4.  Disorderly  houses. 

"  5.  Fortunetellers." 

When  speaking  of  the  third  division  a 
report  of  the  Society  says — 

"In  consequence  of  the  renewed  inter- 
course with  the  Continent,  incidental  to 
the  restoration  of  peace,  there  has  been  a 
great  influx  into  the  country  of  the  most 
obscene  articles  of  every  description,  as 
may  be  inferred  from  the  exhibition  of 
indecent  snuff-boxes  in  the  shop  windows 
of  tobacconists.  These  circumstances  hav- 
ing tended  to  a  revival  of  this  trade  the 
Society  have  had  occasion  within  the  last 
twelve  months  to  resort  to  five  prosecu- 
tions, which  have  greatly  tended  to  the 
removal  of  that  indecent  display  by  which 
the  pubhc  eye  has  of  late  been  too  much 
offended." 

Before  the  dissolution  of  the  Bristol 
Society  for  the  Suppression  of  Vice,  its 
secretary,  Mr.  Birtle,  wrote  (1808)  to  Lon- 
don the  following  letter  : — 

"  Sir, — The  Bristol  Society  for  the  Sup- 
pression of  Vice  being  about  to  dissolve,  and 
the  agents  before  employed  having  moved 
very  heavily,  I  took  my  horse  and  rode  to 


Stapleton  prison  to  inquire  into  the  facts 
contained  in  your  letter.  Inclosed  are 
some  of  the  drawings  which  I  purchased  in 
what  they  call  their  market,  without  the 
least  privacy  on  their  part  or  mine.  They 
wished  to  intrude  on  me  a  variety  of  de- 
vices in  bone  and  wood  of  the  most  obscene 
kind,  particularly  those  representing  a 
crime  "  inter  Chrlstianos  non  nominandum,'" 
which  they  termed  the  new  fashion.  I  pur- 
chased a  few,  but  they  are  too  bulky  for  a 
letter.  This  market  is  held  before  the 
door  of  the  turnkey  eveiy  day  between  the 
hours  of  ten  and  twelve." 

At  the  present  day  the  police  wage  an 
internecine  war  with  these  people,  who 
generally  go  about  from  fair  to  fair  to  sell 
indecent  images,  mostly  imported  from 
France  ;  but  this  traffic  is  very  much  on  the 
decline,  if  it  is  not  altogether  extinguished. 

The  reports  of  the  Society  for  the  Sup- 
pression of  Vice  are  highly  interesting,  and 
may  be  obtained  gratis  on  application  at 
the  Society's  chambers. 

Another  Society  was  instituted  in  May 
1835,  called  "  The  London  Society  for  the 
Protection  of  Young  Females,  and  Preven- 
tion of  Juvenile  Prostitution."  We  extract 
a  few  passages  from  its  opening  address. 

"The  committee  cannot  avoid  referring 
to  the  present  dreadfully  immoral  state  of 
the  British  metropolis.  No  one  can  pass 
through  the  streets  of  London  without 
being  struck  with  the  awfully  depraved 
condition  of  a  certain  class  of  the  youth  of 
both  sexes  at  this  period  (1835).  Nor  is  it 
too  much  to  say  that  in  London  crime  has 
arrived  at  a  frightful  magnitude  ;  nay,  it  is 
asserted  that  nowhere  does  it  exist  to  such 
an  extent  as  in  this  highly-favoured  city. 
Schools  for  the  instruction  of  youth  in 
every  species  of  theft  and  immorality  are 
here  established  *****,  It  has  been 
proved  that  400  individuals  procure  a  live- 
lihood by  trepanning  females  from  eleven 
to  fifteen  years  of  age  for  the  purposes  of 
prostitution.  Every  art  is  practised,  every 
scheme  is  devised,  to  effect  this  object,  and 
when  an  innocent  child  appears  in  the 
streets  without  a  protector,  she  is  insidi- 
ously watched  by  one  of  those  merciless 
wretches  and  decoyed  under  some  plausible 
pretext  to  an  abode  of  infamy  and  degrada- 
tion. No  sooner  is  the  unsuspecting  help- 
less one  within  their  grasp  than,  by  a 
preconcerted  measure,  she  becomes  a  vic- 
tim to  their  inhuman  designs.  She  is 
stripped  of  the  apparel  with  which  parental 
care  or  friendly  solicitude  had  clothed  her, 
and  then,  decked  with  the  gaudy  trappings 
of  her  shame,  she  is  compelled  to  walk  the 
streets,  and  in  her  turn,  while  producing 


p  2 


212 


LONDON  L ABOVE  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


to  her  master  or  mistress  the  wages  of  her 
prostitution,  becomes  the  ensnarer  of  the 
youth  of  the  other  sex.  After  this  it  is 
useless  to  attempt  to  return  to  the  path  of 
virtue  or  honour,  for  she  is  then  watched 
with  the  greatest  vigilance,  and  should  she 
attempt  to  escape  from  the  clutches  of  her 
seducer  she  is  threatened  with  instant 
punishment,  and  often  barbarously  treated. 
Thus  situated  she  becomes  reckless,  and 
careless  of  her  future  course.  It  rarely 
occurs  that  one  so  young  escapes  contami- 
nation ;  and  it  is  a  fact  that  numbers  of 
these  youthful  victims  imbibe  disease 
within  a  week  or  two  of  their  seduction. 
They  are  then  sent  to  one  of  the  hospitals 
under  a  fictitious  name  by  their  keepers,  or 
unfeelingly  turned  into  the  streets  to 
perish ;  and  it  is  not  an  uncommon  cir- 
cumstance that  within  the  short  space  of  a 
few  weeks  the  bloom  of  health,  of  beauty, 
and  of  innocence  gives  place  to  the  sallow 
hue  of  disease,  of  despair,  and  of  death. 

*'  This  fact  will  be  appreciated  when  it  is 
known  that  in  three  of  the  largest  hospitals 
in  London  within  the  last  eight  years  (that 
is  to  say,  from  1 827  to  1835),  there  have  not 
been  less  than  2700  cases  of  disease  arising 
from  this  cause  in  children  from  eleven  to 
sixteen  years  of  age." 

Leon  Faucher,  commenting  on  this,  ex- 
claims with  astonishment,  mixed  with  in- 
dignation, "  Deux  mille  sept  cents  enfants 
visites  par  cette  horrible  peste  avant  I'age 
de  la  puberte !  Quel  spectacle  que  celui- 
1^  pour  un  peuple  qui  a  des  entrailles  !  Et 
comment  ^prouver  assez  de  piti6  pour  les 
victimes,  assez  d'indignation  contre  les 
bourreaux  !"  A  Frenchman,  looking  at  the 
way  in  which  his  own  illustrious  country  is 
governed,  would  very  naturally  exclaim 
against  the  authorities  for  not  taking  steps 
to  prevent  so  much  crime  and  misery,  but 
he  forgets  that  although  a  system  may 
work  well  in  France,  it  is  no  criterion  of  its 
excellent  working  among  a  nation  totally 
dissimilar  in  their  habits  and  disposition  to 
his  own. 

All  French  writers  have  the  profoundest 
horror  of  our  social  economics.  MM. 
Duchatelet,  Kichelot  and  Leon  Faucher, 
whom  we  have  just  quoted,  all  unite  in 
condemning  our  system  of  blind  and  wilful 
toleration.  They  do  not  understand  the 
temper  of  the  nation,  which  would  never 
allow  the  State  to  legislate  upon  this  sub- 
ject. But,  nevertheless,  we  must  confess 
that  the  profliga<;y  of  the  metropolis  of 
England,  if  not  so  patent  and  palpable  as 
that  of  some  continental  cities  we  have  had 
occasion  to  refer  to,  is  perhaps  as  deeply 
rooted,   and   as   impossible    to    eradicate. 


The  legislature,  by  refusing  to  interfere, 
have  tacitly  declared  the  existence  of  pros- 
titutes to  be  a  necessary  evil,  the  suppres- 
sion of  which  would  produce  alarming  and 
disastrous  effects  upon  the  country  at  large. 
When  any  case  more  than  usually  flagrant 
occurs  it  falls  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the 
Society  for  the  Suppression  of  Vice,  and  the 
law  is  careful  to  punish  anything  that  can 
be  construed  into  a  misdemeanour  or  a 
felony.  In  cold  climates,  as  in  hot  climates, 
we  have  shown  that  the  passions  are  the 
main  agents  in  producing  the  class  of 
women  that  we  have  under  consideration, 
but  in  temperate  zones  the  animal  instinct 
is  less  difficult  to  bridle  and  seldom  leads 
the  female  to  abandon  herself  to  the  other 
sex.  It  is  a  vulgar  error,  and  a  popular 
delusion,  that  the  Hfe  of  a  prostitute  is  as 
revolting  to  herself,  as  it  appeal's  to  the 
moralist  sternly  lamenting  over  the  condi- 
tion of  the  fallen  ;  but,  on  the  contrary,  in- 
vestigation and  sedulous  scrutiny  lead  us 
to  a  very  different  conclusion.  Authors 
gifted  with  vivid  imaginations  love  to  pour- 
tray  the  misery  that  is  brought  upon  an 
innocent  and  confiding  girl  by  the  perfidy 
and  desertion  of  her  seducer.  The  pulpit 
too  frequently  echoes  to  clerical  denuncia- 
tion and  evangelical  horror,  until  those  un- 
acquainted with  the  actual  facts  tremble  at 
the  fate  of  those  whose  terrible  lot  they 
are  taught  rather  to  shudder  at  than  com- 
miserate. Women  who  in  youth  have 
lost  their  virtue,  often  contrive  to  retain 
their  reputation  ;  and  even  when  this  is  not 
the  case,  frequently  amalgamate  impercep- 
tibly with  the  purer  portion  of  the  popula- 
tion and  become  excellent  members  of  the 
community.  The  love  of  woman  is  usu- 
ally pure  and  elevated.  But  when  she 
devotes  her  affections  to  a  man  who  rea- 
lizes her  ideal,  she  does  not  hesitate  to 
sacrifice  all  she  holds  dear,  for  his  gratifica- 
tion, ignoring  her  own  interest  and  her  own 
inclination.  Actuated  by  a  noble  abne- 
gation of  self,  she  derives  a  melancholy 
pleasure  from  the  knowledge  that  she  has 
utterly  given  up  all  she  had  formerly  so 
zealously  guarded,  and  she  feels  that  her 
love  has  reached  its  grand  climacteric, 
when,  without  the  slightest  pruriency  of 
imagination  to  urge  her  on  to  the  consum- 
mation, without  the  remotest  vestige  of 
libidinous  desire  to  prompt  her  to  self- 
immolation,  without  a  shadow  of  meretri- 
cious feeling  lurking  within  her,  she  aban- 
dons her  person  beyond  redemption  to  the 
idol  she  has  set  up  in  the  highest  place  in 
her  soul.  This  heroic  martyrdom  is  one  of 
the  causes,  though  perhaps  not  the  primary 
or  most  frequently  occurring,  of  the  stream 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


213 


of  immorality  that  insidiously  permeates 
our  social  system.  The  greatest,  and  one 
equally  difficult  to  combat,  is  the  low  rate 
of  wages  that  the  female  industrial  classes 
of  this  great  city  receive,  in  return  for  the 
most  arduous  and  wearisome  labour.  In- 
numerable cases  of  prostitution  through 
want,  solely  and  absolutely,  are  constantly 
occurring,  and  this  will  not  be  wondered  at 
when  it  is  remembered  that  105  women  in 
England  and  Wales  are  born  to  every  100 
males,  which  number  is  further  augmented 
by  the  dangers  to  which  men  are  exposed 
by  their  avocations,  and  also  in  martial 
service  by  sea  and  land.  Again,  so  great  are 
the  inducements  held  out  by  men  of  lax 
morality  and  loose  principles  that  pro- 
curesses find  entrapping  girls  into  their 
abodes  a  most  lucrative  and  profitable 
trade.  Some  are  even  brought  up  from 
their  earliest  infancy  by  their  pseudo-pro- 
tectors with  the  full  intention  that  they 
shall  embark  in  the  infamous  traffic  as 
soon  as  their  age  will  permit  them  to  do  so 
remuneratively.  A  revolting  and  horrible 
case  exemplifying  the  truth  of  this  state- 
ment came  under  our  notice  some  short 
time  back.  We  were  examining  a  girl,  who 
gave  the  following  replies  to  the  questions 
put  to  her. 

"My  name  is  Ellen,   I   have  no  other. 
Yes,  I  sometimes  call  myself  by  various 
names,  but  rarely  keep  to  one  longer  than 
a  month  or  two.     I  was  never  baptized  that 
I  know  of ;  I  don't  know  much  about  re- 
ligion, though  I  think  1  know  the  difference 
between    right   and    wrong.     I    certainly 
think    it  is  wrong  to   live   as   I  am   now 
doing.     I  often  think  of  it  in  secret,  and 
cry  over  it,  but  what  can  I  do?     I   was 
brought  up  in  the  country  and  allowed  to 
run  about  with  some  other  children.     We 
were  not  taught  anything,  not  even  to  read 
or   write  ;    twice  1  saw  a   gentleman  who 
came  down  to  the  farm,  and  he  kissed  me 
and  told  me  to  be  a  good  girl.     Yes,  I  re- 
member these   things   very  well.     I    was 
about  eleven  the  last  time  he  came,  and 
two  years  after  I  was   sent   up  to   town, 
carefully   dressed   and  placed   in   a    large 
drawing-room.      After   I   had   been   there 
some  time  a  gentleman  came  in  with  the 
person  I  had  been  sent  to,  and  I  directly 
recognized  him  as  the  one  I  had  seen  in 
the  country.     For  the  first  time  in  my  life 
I  glanced  at  a  looking-glass  that  hung  on 
the  wall,  they  being  things  we  never  saw 
in  the  country,  and  I  thought  the  gentle- 
man had  changed  his  place  and  was  stand- 
ing before  me,  we  were  so  alike.     I  then 
looked  at  him  steadily  for  a  few  moments, 
and  at  last  took  his  hand.     He  said  sorae- 


thing  to  me  which  I  don't  remember,  and 
which  I  did  not  reply  to.  I  asked  him, 
when  he  had  finished  speaking,  if  he  was 
my  father.  I  don't  know  why  1  asked  him. 
He  seemed  confused,  and  the  lady  of  the 
house  poured  out  some  wine  and  gave  me, 
after  that  I  don't  know  what  happened." 

This  may  be  a  case  of  rare  occurrence, 
but  it  is  not  so  morally  impossible  as  at 
first  it  appears. 

In  1857,  according  to  the  best  authorities, 
there  were  8600  prostitutes  known  to  the 
police,  but  this  is  far  from  being  even  an 
approximate  return  of  the  number  of  loose 
women  in  the  metropolis.  It  scarcely  does 
more  than  record  the  circulating  harlotry 
of  the  Ilaymarket  and  Regent  Street. 
Their  actual  numerical  strength  is  very 
difficult  to  compute,  for  there  is  an  amount 
of  oscillatory  prostitution  it  is  easy  to 
imagine,  but  impossible  to  substantiate. 
One  of  the  pecuharities  of  this  class  is  their 
remarkable  freedom  from  disease.  They 
are  in  the  generality  of  cases  notorious  for 
their  mental  and  physical  elasticity.  Syphi- 
lis is  rarely  fatal.  It  is  an  entirely  distinct 
race  that  suffer  from  the  ravages  of  the  in- 
sidious diseases  that  the  licence  given  to 
the  passions  and  promiscuous  intercourse 
engender.  Young  girls,  innocent  and  in- 
experienced, whose  devotion  has  not  yet 
bereft  them  of  their  innate  modesty  and 
sense  of  shame,  will  allow  their  systems  to 
be  so  shocked,  and  their  constitutions  so 
impaired,  before  the  aid  of  the  surgeon  is 
sought  for,  that  when  he  does  arrive  his 
assistance  is  almost  useless. 

W^e  have  before  stated  (p.  211)  the  assumed 
number  of  prostitutes  in  London  to  be 
about  80,000,  and  large  as  this  total  may 
appear,  it  is  not  improbable  that  it  is  be- 
low the  reality  rather  than  above  it.  One 
thing  is  certain — if  it  be  an  exaggerated 
statement — that  the  real  number  is  swollen 
every  succeeding  year,  for  prostitution  is 
an  inevitable  attendant  upon  extended 
civilization  and  increased  population. 

We  divide  prostitutes  into  three  classes. 
First,  those  women  who  are  kept  by  men 
of  independent  means ;  secondly,  those 
women  who  live  in  apartments,  and  main- 
tain themselves  by  the  produce  of  their 
vagrant  amours;  and  thirdly,  those  who 
dwell  in  brothels.  j 

The  state  of  the  first  of  these  is  the 
nearest  approximation  to  the  holy  state 
of  marriage,  and  finds  numerous  defenders 
and  supporters.  These  have  their  suburban 
villas,  their  carriages,  horses,  and  some- 
times a  box  at  the  opera.  Their  equipages 
are  to  be  seen  in  the  park,  and  occasionally 
through  the  influence  of  their  aristocratic 


214 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


friends  they  succeed  in  obtaining  vouchers 
for  the  most  exclusive  patrician  balls. 

Houses  in  which  prostitutes  lodge  are 
those  in  which  one  or  two  prostitutes 
occupy  private  apartments  ;  in  most  cases 
with  the  connivance  of  the  proprietor. 
These  generally  resort  to  night-houses, 
where  they  have  a  greater  chance  of  meet- 
ing with  customers  than  they  would  have 
were  they  to  perambulate  the  streets. 

Brothels  are  houses  where  speculators 
board,  dress,  and  feed  women,  living  upon 
the  farm  of  their  persons.  Under  this 
head  we  must  include  introducing  houses, 
where  the  women  do  not  reside,  but  merely 
use  the  house  as  a  place  of  resort  in  the 
daytime.  Married  women,  imitating  the 
custom  of  Messalina,  whom  Juvenal  so 
vividly  describes  in  his  Satires,  not  uncom- 
monly make  use  of  these  places.  A  French- 
woman in  the  habit*  of  frequenting  a  noto- 
i;ious  house  in  James  Street,  Haymarket, 
said  that  she  came  to  town  four  or  five  times 
in  the  week  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining 
money  by  the  prostitution  of  her  body. 
She  loved  her  husband,  but  he  was  unable 
to  find  any  respectable  employment,  and 
were  she  not  to  supply  him  with  the  neces- 
sary funds  for  their  household  expenditure 
they  would  sink  into  a  state  of  destitution, 
and  anything,  she  added,  with  simplicity, 
was  better  than  that.  Of  course  her  hus- 
band connived  at  what  she  did.  He  came 
to  fetch  her  home  every  evening  about  ten 
o'clock.  She  had  no  children.  She  didn't 
wish  to  have  any. 

It  must  not  be  supposed  that  if  some, 
perhaps  a  majority  of  them,  eventually 
become  comparatively  respectable,  and 
merge  into  the  ocean  of  propriety,  there 
are  not  a  vast  number  whose  lives  afford 
matter  for  the  most  touching  tragedies, — 
whose  melancholy  existence  is  one  con- 
tinual straggle  for  the  actual  necessaries  of 
life,  the  occasional  absence  of  which  entails 
upon  them  a  condition  of  intermittent  star- 
vation. A  woman  who  has  fallen  like  a 
star  from  heaven,  may  flash  like  a  meteor 
in  a  lower  sphere,  but  only  with  a  transi- 
tory splendour.  In  time  her  orbit  contracts, 
and  the  improvidence  that  has  been  her 
leading  characteristic  through  -life  now 
trebles  and  quadruples  the  misery  she  ex- 
periences. To  drown  reflection  she  rushes 
fo  the  gin  palace,  and  there  completes  the 
work  that  she  had  already  commenced  so 
inauspiciously.  The  passion  for  dress,  that 
distinguished  her  in  common  with  her  sex 
in  former  days,  subsides  into  a  craving  for 
meretricious  tawdry,  and  the  bloom  of 
health  is  superseded  by  ruinous  and  poi- 
Bonous  French  compounds  and  destructive 


cosmetics.     A   hospital   surgeon    gave   us 
the  following  description  of  the  death  of  a 
French  lorette,  who  at  a  very  juvenile  age 
had  been  entrapped  and  imported  into  this 
country.     She  had,  according  to  her  own 
statement,  been  born  in  one  of  the  southern 
departments.      When    she    was    fourteen 
years  old,  the  agent  of  some  English  specu- 
lator in   human    beings   came   into   their 
neighbourhood   and  proposed   that  Anille 
should  leave  her  native  country  and  pro- 
ceed to  England,  where  he  said  there  was  a 
great  demand  for  female  domestic  labour, 
which   was  much  better  paid  for  on  the 
other  side  of  the  Channel.    The  proposition 
was  entertained  by  the  parents,  and  eagerly 
embraced   by  the   girl   herself,  who   soon 
afterwards,  in  company  with  several  other 
girls,  all  deluded  in  a  similar  manner,  were 
leaving  the  shores  of  their  native  country  for 
a  doubtful  future  in  one  with  the  language 
of  which  they  were  not  even  remotely  ac- 
quainted.    On  their  arrival  their  ruin  was 
soon  effected,  and  for  some  years  they  con- 
tinued  to   enrich   the   proprietors  of  the 
house  in  which  they  resided,  all  the  time 
remitting  small    sums    to    their    famihes 
abroad,  who  were  unwittingly  and  involun- 
tarily existing  upon  the  proceeds  of  their 
daughters'  dishonour,  and  rejoicing  in  such 
unexpected  success.     After  a  while  Anille 
was  sent  adrift  to  manage  for  herself     Na- 
turally of  a  refined  and  sensitive  disposi- 
tion, she  felt  her  position  keenly,  which 
induced   a  sadness  almost   amounting  to 
hypochondria  to  steal   over  her,  and   al- 
though very  pretty,  she  found  this  a  great 
obstacle  in  the  way  of  her  success.     She 
knew  not  how  to  simulate  the  hollow  laugh 
or  the  reckless  smile  of  her  more  volatile 
companions,  and  her  mind   became  more 
diseased  day  by  day,  until  she  found  it  im- 
practicable, to   think   of  endeavouring   to 
hurl  off  thS  morbidity  that  had  taken  pos- 
session of  her  very  soul.     At  last  she  fell  a 
victim  to  a  contagious  disorder,  the  neglect 
of  which  ultimately  necessitated   her  i-e- 
movalto  the  hospital.  When  there,  she  was 
found  to  be  incurable ;  an  operation  was 
performed  upon  her  but  without  success. 
She  bore  her  illness  with  childish  impa- 
tience, continually  wishing  for  the  end,  and 
often  imploring  me  with  tearful  eyes  by  the 
intervention  of  science  to  put  an  end  to  her 
misery.     One  afternoon,   as  usual,  I  came 
to  see  her.     She  exclaimed  the  moment  she 
perceived  me,  I  am  cheerful  to-day.     May 
I  not  recover  ;    I  suffer  no  pain.     But  her 
looks  belied  her  words  ;   her  features  were 
frightfully  haggard  and  worn  ;  her  eyes,  dry 
and  bloodshot,  had  almost  disappeared  in 
their  sockets,  and  her  general  appearance 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  TOOK 


215 


denoted  the  approach  of  him  she  had  been 
so  constantly  invoking.    Unwrapping  some 
bandages,    1    proceeded   to    examine    her, 
when  an  extraordinary  change  came  over 
her,  and  I  knew  that  her  dissolution  was 
not  far  distant.     Her  mind  wandered,  and 
she  spoke  wildly  and  excitedly  in  her  own 
language.      After   a  while   she    exclaimed, 
'*  J'ignore  oil  je  suis.     C'en  est  fait."     An 
expression  of  intense  suffering  contracted 
her  emaciated  features.  "  Je  n'en  puis  plus," 
she  cried,  and  adding,  after  a  slight  pause,  in 
a  plaintive  voice,  "  Je  me  meurs,"  her  soul 
glided   impalpably   away,   and  she   was   a 
corpse.     As  a  pendant  to  these  remarks,  I 
extract  an  expressive  passage  from  an  old 
book,     "  There  are  also  women  (like  birds 
of  ]3assage)  of  a  migratory  nature,  who  re- 
move after  a  certain  time  from  St.  James's 
and  Marylebone  end  of  the  town  to  Covent 
Garden,  then  to  the  Strand,  and  from  thence 
to  St.  Giles  and  Wapping  ;  from  which  latter 
place  they  frequently  migrate  much  further, 
even  to  New  South  Wales.     Some  few  re- 
turn in  seven  years,  some  in  fourteen,  and 
some  not  art  all.     During  their  stay  here, 
like    birds   they   make   their   nests    upon 
feathers,  some    higher,   some   lower   than 
others.     At  first  they  generally  build  them 
on  the  first-floor,  afterwards  on  the  second, 
and  then  up  in  the  cock-loft  and  garrets, 
from  whence   tliey  generally  take   to   the 
open    air,    and    become    ambulatory   and 
noctivagous,  and  as  their  price  grows  less, 
their    wandering    increases,    when    many 
perish  from  the  inclemency  of  the  weather, 
and  others  take  their  flight  abroad."* 

Seclusives,  or  those  that  live  in  Private  Houses 
and  Apartments. 

Two  classes  of  prostitutes  come  under 
this  denomination — first,  kept  mistresses, 
and  secondly,  prima  donnas  or  those  who 
live  in  a  superior  style.  The  fi^st  of  these 
is  perhaps  the  most  important  division  of 
the  entire  profession,  when  considered  with 
regard  to  its  effects  upon  the  higher  classes 
of  society.  Lais,  when  under  the  protec- 
tion of  a  prince  of  the  blood  ;  Aspasia,  whose 
friend  is  one  of  the  most  influential  noble- 
men in  the  kingdom;  Phryne,  the  chere 
amie  of  a  well-known  officer  in  the  guards, 
or  a  man  whose  wealth  is  proverbial  on  the 
Stock  Exchange  and  the  city,— have  all 
great  influence  upon  the  tone  of  morahty 
extant  amongst  the  set  in  which  their  dis- 
tinguished protectors  move,  and  indeed  the 
reflex  of  their  dazzhng  profligacy  falls  upon 

*  Life  and  Adventures  of  Col,  Georee  Hano-er, 
1704,  &     .      o    . 


and  bewilders  those  who  are  in  a  lower 
condition  of  life,  acting  as  an  incentive  to 
similar  deeds  of  licentiousness  though  on  a 
more  hmited  scale.  Hardly  a  parish  in 
London  is  free  from  this  impurity.  Where- 
ever  the  neighbourhood  possesses  peculiar 
charms,  wherever  the  air  is  purer  than 
ordinary,  or  the  locality  fashionably  dis- 
tinguished, these  tnbercles  on  the  social  sys- 
tem penetrate  and  abound.  Again  quoting 
from  Dr,  Ryan,  although  we  cannot  authen- 
ticate his  statements — "  It  is  computed, 
that  8,000,000/,  are  expended  annually  on 
this  vice  in  London  alone.  This  is  easily 
proved:  some  girls  obtain  from  twenty 
to  thirty  pounds  a  week,  others  more, 
whilst  most  of  those  who  frequent  thea- 
tres, casinos,  gin  palaces,  music  halls,  &c,, 
receive  from  ten  to  twelve  pounds.  Those 
of  a  still  lower  grade  obtain  about  four  or 
five  pounds,  some  less  than  one  pound, 
and  many  not  ten  shilhngs.  If  we  take 
the  average  earnings  of  each  prostitute  at 
lOOZ.  per  annum,  which  is  under  the 
amount,  it  gives  the  yearly  income  of 
eight  milhons, 

"  Suppose  the  average  expense  of  80,000 
amounts  to  20/,  each,  1,600,000/.  is  the  re- 
sult. This  sum  deducted  from  the  earn- 
ings  leaves  6,400,000/.  as  the  income  of  the 
keepers  of  prostitutes,  or  supposing  5000 
to  be  the  number,  above  1000/,  per  annum 
each  — •  an  enormous  income  for  men  in 
such  a  situation  to  derive  when  compared 
with  the  resources  of  many  respectable  and 
professional  men." 

Literally  every  woman  who  yields  to  her 
passions  and  loses  her  virtue  is  a  prosti- 
tute, but  many  draw  a  distinction  between 
those  who  hve  by  promiscuous  intercourse, 
and  those  who  confine  themselves  to  one 
man.  That  this  is  the  case  is  evident  from 
the  returns  before  us.  The  metropohtan 
pohce  do  not  concern  them.selves  with  the 
higher  classes  of  prostitutes ;  indeed,  it 
would  be  impossible,  and  impertinent  as 
well,  were  they  to  make  the  attempt.  Sir 
Richard  Mayne  kindly  informed  us  that  the 
latest  computation  of  the  number  of  public 
prostitutes  was  made  on  the  5th  of  April, 
1858,  and  that  the  returns  then  showed  a 
total  of  7261, 

It  is  frequently  a  matter  of  surprise 
amongst  the  friends  of  a  gentleman  of  posi- 
tion and  connection  that  he  exhibits  an  in- 
vincible distaste  to  marriage.  If  they  were 
acquainted  with  his  private  affairs  their 
astonishment  would  speedily  vanish,  for 
they  would  find  him  already  to  all  intents 
and  purposes  united  to  one  who  possesses 
charms,  talents,  and  accomplishments,  and 


216 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOlt. 


who  will  in  all  probability  exercise  the 
same  influence  over  him  as  long  as  the 
former  continue  to  exist.  The  prevalence 
of  this  custom,  and  the  extent  of  its  rami- 
fications is  hardly  dreamed  of,  although  its 
effects  are  felt,  and  severely.  The  torch  of 
Hymen  burns  less  brightly  than  of  yore, 
and  even  were  the  blacksmith  of  Gretna 
still  exercising  his  vocation,  he  would  find 
his  business  diminishing  with  startling 
rapidity  year  by  year. 

It  is  a  great  mistake  to  suppose  that 
kept  mistresses  are  without  friends  and 
without  society  ;  on  the  contrary,  their  ac- 
quaintance, if  not  select,  is  numerous,  and  it 
is  their  custom  to  order  their  broughams 
or  their  pony  carriages,  and  at  the  fashion- 
able hour  pay  visits  and  leave  cards  on  one 
another. 

They  possess  no  great  sense  of  honour, 
although  they  are  generally  more  or  less  reli- 
gious. If  they  take  a  fancy  to  a  man  they 
do  not  hesitate  to  admit  him  to  their  favour. 
Most  kept  women  have  several  lovers  who 
are  in  the  habit  of  calling  upon  them  at 
different  times,  and  as  they  are  extremely 
careful  in  conducting  these  amours  they 
l)erpetrate  infidelity  with  impunity,  and  in 
ninety-nine  cases  out  of  a  hundred  escape 
detection.  When  they  are  unmasked,  the 
])rocess,  unless  the  man  is  very  much  in- 
fatuated, is  of  course  summary  in  the  ex- 
treme. They  are  dismissed  probably  with 
a  handsome  douceur  and  sent  once  more 
adrift.  They  do  not  remain  long,  however, 
in  the  majority  of  cases,  without  finding 
another  protector. 

A  woman  who  called  herself  Lady 


met  her  admirer  at  a  house  in  Bolton  Kow 
that  she  was  in  the  habit  of  frequenting. 

At  first  sight  Lord became  enamoured, 

and  proposed  siir  le  champ,  after  a  little  pre- 
liminary conversation,  that  she  should  live 
with  him.  The  proposal  with  equal  rapi- 
dity and  eagerness  was  accepted,  and  with- 
out further  dehberation  his  lordship  took 
a  house  for  her  in  one  of  the  terraces  over- 
looking the  Regent's  Park,  allowed  her  four 
thousand  a  year,  and  came  as  frequently  as 
he  could,  to  pass  his  time  in  her  society. 
She  immediately  set  up  a  carriage  and  a 
stud,  took  a  box  at  the  opera  on  the  pit 
tier,  and  lived,  as  she  very  well  could,  in  ex- 
cellent style.  The  munificence  of  her 
friend  did  not  decrease  by  the  lapse  of 
time.  She  frequently  received  presents  of 
jewelry  from  him,  and  his  marks  of  atten- 
tion were  constant  as  they  were  various. 
The  continual  contemplation  of  her  charms 
instead  of  producing  satiety  added  fuel  to 
the  fire,  and  he  was  never  happy  when  out 


of  her  sight.  This  continued  until  one  day 
he  met  a  young  man  in  her  lo(je  at  the 
opera,  whom  she  introduced  as  her  cousin. 
This  incident  aroused  his  suspicions,  and 
he  determined  to  watch  her  more  closely. 
She  was  surrounded  by  s[)ies,  and  in  rea- 
lity did  not  possess  one  confidential  atten- 
dant, for  they  were  all  bribed  to  betray 
her.  For  a  time,  more  by  accident  than 
precaution  or  care  on  her  part,  she  suc- 
ceeded in  eluding  their  vigilance,  but  at 
last  the  catastrophe  happened ;  she  was 
surprised  with  her  paramour  in  a  position 
that  placed  doubt  out  of  the  question,  an^ 
the  next  day  his  lordship,  with  a  fevi 
sarcastic  remarks,  gave  her  her  conrje  and 
five  hundred  pounds. 

These  women  are  rarely  possessed  o 
education,  although  they  undeniably  hav* 
ability.  If  they  appear  accomplished  you 
may  rely  that  it  is  entirely  superficial.  Their 
disposition  is  volatile  and  thoughtless, 
which  qualities  are  of  course  at  variance 
with  the  existence  of  respectability.  Their 
ranks  too  are  recruited  from  a  class  wliere 
education  is  not  much  in  vogue.  The 
fallacies  about  clergymen's  daughters  and 
girls  from  the  middle  classes  forming  the 
majority  of  such  women  are  long  ago  ex- 
ploded ;  there  may  be  some  amongst  them, 
but  they  are  few  and  far  between,  'i  hey 
are  not,  as  a  rule,  disgusted  with  their  way 
of  living  ;  most  of  them  consider  it  a  meau3 
to  an  end,  and  in  no  measure  degrading  or 
polluting.  One  and  all  look  forward  to 
marriage  and  a  certain  state  in  society  as 
their  ultimate  lot.  This  is  their  bourne, 
and  they  do  all  in  their  power  to  travel 
towards  it. 

"I  am  not  tired  of  what  I  am  doing.''  a 
woman  once  answered  me,  "  I  rathei-  like  it. 
I  have  all  I  want,  and  my  friend  loves  me 
to  excess.  I  am  the  daughter  of  a  trades- 
man at  Yarmouth.  I  learned  to  play  rhe 
piano  a  little,  and  I  have  naturally  a  good 
voice.  Yes,  I  find  these  accomplishments 
of  great  use  to  me ;  they  are,  perhaps,  as 
you  say,  the  only  ones  that  could  be  of  use 
to  a  girl  like  myself.  I  am  three  and 
twenty.  I  was  seduced  four  years  ago.  I 
tell  you  candidly  I  was  as  much  to  bkima 
as  my  seducer  ;  I  wished  to  escape  from 
the  drudgery  of  my  father's  shop.  I  have 
told  you  they  partially  educated  me  ;  I 
could  cypher  a  little  as  well,  and  I  knew 
something  about  the  globes  ;  so  I  thought 
I  was  qualified  for  something  better  than 
minding  the  shop  occasionally,  or  sewiug, 
or  helping  my  mother  in  the  kitchen  and 
other  domestic  matters.  I  Vv^as  very  fond 
of  dress,  and  I  could  not  at  home  gratify 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


217 


my  love  of  display.  My  joarents  were 
stupid,  easy-going  old  people,  and  ex- 
tremely uninteresting  to  me.  All  these 
causes  combined  induced  me  to  encourage 
the  addresses  of  a  young  gentleman  of  pro- 
perty in  the  neighbournood,  and  without 
much  demur  I  yieldea  to  his  desires.  We 
then  went  to  London,  and  I  have  since 
that  time  lived  with  four  different  men. 
We  got  tired  of  one  another  in  six  months, 
and  1  was  as  eager  to  leave  him  as  he  was 
to  get  rid  of  me,  so  we  mutually  accommo- 
dated one  another  by  sej)arating.  Well, 
my  father  and  mother  don't  exactly  know 
where  I  am  or  what  I  am  doing,  although 
if  they  had  any  i^enetration  they  might 
very  well  guess.  Oh,  yes  !  they  know  I 
am  alive,  for  I  keep  them  pleasantly  aware 
of  my  existence  by  occasionally  sending 
them  money.  What  do  I  think  will  be- 
come of  me?  What  an  absurd  question. 
I  could  marry  to-morrow  if  I  liked." 

This  girl  was  a  fair  example  of  her  class. 
They  live  entirely  for  the  moment,  and 
care  little  about  the  morrow  until  they  are 
actually  pressed  in  any  way,  and  then  they 
are  fertile  in  expedients. 

We  now  come  to  the  second  class,  or 
those  we  have  denominated  prima  donnas. 
These  are  not  kept  like  the  first  that  we 
have  just  been  treating  of,  although  several 
men  who  know  and  admire  them  are  in 
the  habit  of  visiting  them  periodically. 
From  these  they  derive  a  considerable  re- 
venue, but  they  by  no  means  rely  entirely 
upon  it  for  support.  They  are  continually 
increasing  the  number  of  their  friends, 
which  indeed  is  imperatively  necessary,  as 
absence  and  various  causes  thin  their  ranks 
considerably.  They  are  to  be  seen  in  the 
parks,  in  boxes  at  the  theatres,  at  concerts, 
and  in  almost  every  accessible  place  where 
fashionable  people  congregate  ;  in  fact  in  all 
places  where  admittance  is  not  secured  by 
vouchers,  and  in  some  cases,  those  appa- 
rently insuperable  barriers  fall  before  tkeir 
tact  and  address.  At  night  their  favourite 
rendezvous  is  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
Haymarket,  where  the  hospitality  of  Mrs. 
Kate  Hamilton  is  extended  to  them  after 
the  fatigues  of  dancing  at  the  Portland 
liooms,  or  the  excesses  of  a  private  party. 
Kate's  may  be  visited  not  only  to  dissipate 
ennui,  but  with  a  view  to  replenishing  an 
exhausted  exchequer ;  for  as  Kate  is  care- 
ful as  to  who  she  admits  into  her  rooms — 
men  who  are  able  to  spend,  and  come  with 
the  avowed  intention  of  spending,  five  or 
six  pounds,  or  perhaps  more  if  necessary — 
these  supjjer-rooms  are  frequented  by  a 
better  set  of  men  and  women  than  perhaps 


any  other  in  London.  Although  these  are 
seen  at  Kate's  they  would  shrink  from  ap- 
pearing at  any  of  the  cales  in  the  Hay- 
market,  or  at  the  supper-rooms  with  which 
the  adjacent  streets  abound,  nor  would 
they  go  to  any  other  casino  than  Mott's. 
They  are  to  be  seen  between  three  and  five 
o'clock  in  the  Burlington  Arcade,  which  is 
a  well  known  resort  of  cyprians  of  the 
better  sort.  They  are  well  acquainted 
with  its  Paphian  intricacies,  and  will,  if 
their  signals  are  responded  to,  glide  into  a 
friendly  bonnet  shop,  the  stairs  of  which 
leading  to  the  cocnacula  or  upper  chambers 
are  not  innocent  of  their  well  formed 
"  bien  chaussee  "  feet.  The  park  is  also,  as 
we  have  said,  a  favourite  promenade,  where 
assignations  may  be  made  or  acquaintances 
formed.  Equestrian  exercise  is  much  liked 
by  those  who  are  able  to  afford  it,  and  is 
often  as  successful  as  pedestrian,  fre- 
quently more  so.  It  is  difficult  to  say  what 
position  in  life  the  parents  of  these  women 
were  in,  but  generally  their  standing  in 
society  has  been  inferior.  Principles  of 
lax  morality  were  early  inculcated,  and  the 
seed  that  has  been  sown  has  not  been  slow 
to  bear  its  proper  fruit. 

It  is  true  that  a  large  number  of  mil- 
liners, dress-makers,  furriers,  hat-binders, 
silk-binders,  tambour-makers,  shoe-binders, 
slop- women,  or  those  who  work  for  cheap 
tailors,  those  in  pastry-cooks,  fancy  and 
cigar  shops,  bazaars,  servants  to  a  great  ex- 
tent, frequenters  of  fairs,  theatres,  and  danc- 
ing-rooms, are  more  or  less  prostitutes 
and  patronesses  of  the  numerous  brothels 
London  can  boast  of  possessing  ;  but  these 
women  do  not  swell  the  lanks  of  the  class 
we  have  at  present  under  consideration. 
More  probably  they  are  the  daughters  of 
tradesmen  and  of  artizans,  who  gain  a  super- 
ficial refinement  from  being  apprenticed, 
and  sent  to  shops  in  fashionable  localities, 
and  who  becoming  tired  of  the  drudgery 
sigh  for  the  gaiety  of  the  dancing-saloons, 
freedom  from  restraint,  and  amusements 
that  are  not  in  their  present  capacity  within 
their  reach. 

Loose  women  generally  throw  a  veil  over 
their  early  life,  and  you  seldom,  if  ever, 
meet  with  a  woman  who  is  not  either  a  se- 
duced governess  or  a  clergyman's  daughter ; 
not  that  there  is  a  word  of  truth  in  such 
an  allegation — but  it  is  their  peculiar  whim 
to  say  so. 

To  show  the  extent  of  education  among 
women  who  have  been  arrested  by  the 
police  during  a  stated  period,  we  print  the 
annexed  table,  dividing  the  virtuous  cri- 
minals from  the  prostitutes. 


218 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


DEGEEE  OF  EDUCATION  AMONGST  PROSTITUTES. 


Degree  of  Instruction  amongst  Prostitutes  compared  with  the  Degree  of  Instruction 
among  Women  not  Prostitutes,  arrested  for  breaking  various  laws  (London).  The  City 
not  included. 


Periods — taking  10,000  in  each  period. 
Total  of  women  arrested  of  both  classes  405*362. 


Degree  of  Instruction  amongst  virtuous  women  brought 
up  in  the  Police  Courts  for  various  offences  during  the 
years  elapsing  from  1837  to  1854  inclusive. 


1st   period 6  years  1837-42 

2nd      „     6     „      1843-48 

3rd      „     6     „      1849-54 

1st  period 9  years  1837-45 

2nd     .,     9      „      1846-54 

Total  period 18      „      1837-54 


Periods — taking  10,000  in  each  period. 
Total  of  women  arrested  of  both  classes  405*362. 


1st  period 6  years  1837-4^ 

2nd      6     „       1843-48 

3rd      „     6     „      1849-54 

1st  period 9  years  1837-45 

2nd     „     9  *  „       1849-54 

Total  period 18     „       1837-54 


10,000 

1   4,813 

t  ^  4,838 

-73 

a 

327 

^   22 

10,000 

^   4,167 

u%   5,534 

't:! 

279 

^    20 

10,000 

'S   2,802 

l'^   1,972 

<u 

209 

g    17 

t->   <D 

-u 

-§ 

a  -^               1  "^  * 

to 

a 

o  a 

te 

10,000 

3   4,570 

1  3   5,098 

i| 

312 

1   20 

10,000 

Ji   3,247 

S  %   6,504 

bC^ 

320 

U^^ 

a 

<u  "^ 

& 

^ 

10,000 

^   3,861 

3  g   5,851 

o 

268 

>   20 

1^ 

< 

^ 

Degree  of  Instruction  among  Prostitutes  similarly 

arrested. 

10,000 

.-S   4,524 

1  >.  5,031 

S 

432 

.  13 

10,000 

^    3,672 

.^   5,893 

& 

425 

"S  10 

10,000 

%    2,305 

.^    7,444 

rs 

212 

^  39 

t 

c  a. 

c;  __• 

•^ 

0) 

^  £ 

r^  "3 

10,000 

3  4,109 

g  iJ   5,424 

§   p: 

455 

^  12 

10,000 

^   2,821 

o  i   6,910 

o 

236 

>,33 

a,  '« 

10,000 

t   3,498 

5^ 

3  §    6,129 

<i 

351 

^     22 

This  table  shows  us  that  public  women 
are  a  little  less  illiterate  than  those  who 
together  with  them  form  the  most  infamous 
part  of  the  population.  Biit  we  must  re- 
member that  this  is  hardly  a  fair  criterion  of 
the  education  of  all  the  prostitutes,  or  of 
prostitutes  as  a  class,  because  we  have 
only  summed  up  those  who  were  arrested 
for  some  crime  or  offence,  so  we  may  justly 
suppose  them  to  have  been  the  worst  of 
their  class  in  every  respect. 

We  see  however  that  of  the  total  number 
of  women  arrested  during  a  period  of  18 
years,  there  were  in  every  10,000 — 

3,498   not  knowing    how   to   read   or 

write. 
6,129  able  to  read  only,  or  read  and 
write  badly. 
351  able  to  read  and  write  well. 
22  educated  in  a  superior  manner. 

10,000 


We  next  come  to  the  consideration  of 
convives,  or  those  who  live  in  the  same 
house  with  a  number  of  others,  and  we  will 
commence  with  those  who  are  independent 
of  the  mistress  of  the  house.  These  wo- 
men locate  themselves  in  the  immediate 
vicinity  of  the  Haymarket,  which  at  night 
is  their  principal  scene  of  action,  when  the 
hospitable  doors  of  the  theatres  and  casinos 
are  closed.  They  are  charged  enormously 
for  the  rooms  they  occupy,  and  their  land- 
lords defend  themselves  for  their  extor- 
tionate demands,  by  alleging  that,  as 
honesty  is  not  a  leading  feature  in  the 
characters  of  their  lodgers,  they  are  com- 
pelled to  protect  their  own  interest  by 
exacting  an  exorbitant  rent.  A  drawing- 
room  floor  in  Queen  Street,  Windmill  Street, 
which  is  a  favourite  part  on  account  of  its 
proximity  to  the  Argyll  Rooms,  is  worth 
three,  and  sometimes  four  pounds  a- week, 
and  the  other  etages  in  proportion.  They 
never  stay   long   in    one   house,   although 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


219 


some  will  remain  for  ten  or  twelve  months 
in  a  particular  lodging.  It  is  their  principle 
to  get  as  deeply  into  debt  as  they  are  able, 
and  then  to  pack  up  their  things,  have 
them  conveyed  elsewhere  by  stealth,  and 
defraud  the  landlord  of  his  money.  The 
houses  in  some  of  the  small  streets  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  Langham  Place  are  let  to 
the  people  who  underlet  them  for  three 
hundred  a-year,  and  in  some  cases  at  a 
higher  rental.  This  class  of  prostitutes  do 
not  live  together  on  account  of  a  gregarious 
instinct,  but  simply  from  necessity,  as 
their  trade  would  necessarily  exclude  them 
from  respectable  lodging-houses.  They 
soon  form  an  acquaintance  with  the  girls 
who  inhabit  the  same  house,  and  address 
one  another  as  '*  my  dear,"  an  unmeaning, 
but  very  general  epithet,  an  hour  or  two 
after  their  first  meeting.  They  sometimes 
prefer  the  suburbs  to  reside  in,  especially 
while  Cremorne  is  open ;  but  some  live  at 
Brompton  and  Pimlico  all  the  year  round. 
One  of  their  most  remarkable  characteristics 
is  their  generosity,  which  perhaps  is  un- 
paralleled by  the  behaviour  of  any  others, 
whether  high  or  low  in  the  social  scale. 
They  will  not  hesitate  to  lend  one  another 
money  if  they  have  it,  whether  they  can 
spare  it  or  not,  although  it  is  seldom  that 
they  can,  from  their  innate  recklessness 
and  acquired  improvidence.  It  is  very  com- 
mon, too,  for  them  to  lend  their  bonnets 
and  their  dresses  to  their  friends.  If  a 
woman  of  this  description  is  voluble  and 
garrulous,  she  is  much  sought  after  by  the 
men  who  keep  the  cafes  in  the  Haymarket, 
to  sit  decked  out  in  gorgeous  attire  behind 
the  counters,  so  that  by  her  interesting 
appearance  and  the  esprit  she  displays,  the 
habitues  of  those  places,  but  more  usually 
those  who  pay  only  a  casual  visit,  may  be 
entrapped  into  purchasing  some  of  the 
wares  and  fancy  articles  that  are  retailed 
at  ten  times  their  actual  value.  In  order 
to  effect  this  they  will  exert  all  their  talents, 
and  an  inexperienced  observer  would  ima- 
gine that  they  indeed  entertain  some  feel- 
ing of  affection  or  admiration  for  their 
victim,  by  the  cleverness  with  which  they 
simulate  its  existence.  The  man  whose 
vanity  leads  him  to  believe  that  he  is 
selected  by  the  beautiful  creature  who  con- 
descends to  address  him,  on  account  of  his 
personal  appearance,  would  be  rather  dis- 
gusted if  he  were  to  perceive  the  same 
blandishments  lavished  upon  the  next 
comer,  and  would  regret  the  ten  shillings 
he  paid  with  pleasure  for  a  glove-box,  the 
positive  market  value  of  which  is  hardly 
one-fifth  of  the  money  he  gave  for  it. 
There  is  a  great  abandonment  of  every- 


thing that  one  may  strictly  speaking  de- 
nominate womanly.  Modesty  is  utterly 
annihilated,  and  shame  ceases  to  exist  in 
their  composition.  They  all  more  or  less 
are  given  to  habits  of  drinking. 

*'  When  I  am  sad  I  drink,"  a  woman 
once  said  to  us.  "  I'm  very  often  sad, 
although  I  appear  to  be  what  you  call 
reckless.  Well !  we  don't  fret  that  we 
might  have  been  ladies,  because  we  never 
had  a  chance  of  that,  but  we  have  forfeited 
a  position  nevertheless,  and  when  we  think 
that  we  have  faUen,  never  to  regain  that 
which  we  have  descended  from,  and  in  some 
cases  sacrificed  everything  for  a  man  who 
has  ceased  to  love  and  deserted  us,  we  get 
mad.  The  intensity  of  this  feeling  does 
wear  off  a  little  after  the  first ;  but  there's 
nothing  like  gin  to  deaden  the  feelings. 
What  are  my  habits  ?  Why,  if  I  have  no 
letters  or  visits  from  any  of  my  friends,  I 
get  up  about  four  o'clock,  dress  ("  en  dis- 
liahille  ")  and  dine  ;  after  that  I  may  walk 
about  the  streets  for  an  hour  or  two,  and 
pick  up  any  one  I  am  fortunate  enough  to 
meet  with,  that  is  if  I  want  money ;  after- 
wards I  go  to  the  Holborn,  dance  a  little, 
and  if  any  one  likes  me  I  take  him  home 
with  me,  if  not  I  go  to  the  Haymarket,  and 
wander  from  one  caf6  to  another,  from 
Sally's  to  the  Carlton,  from  Barn's  to  Sam's, 
and  if  I  find  no  one  there  I  go,  if  I  feel  in- 
clined, to  the  divans.  I  like  the  Grand 
Turkish  best,  but  you  don't  as  a  rule  find 
good  men  in  any  of  the  divans.  Strange 
things  happen  to  us  sometimes  :  we  may 
now  and  then  die  of  consumption  ;  but  the 
other  day  a  lady  friend  of  mine  met  a 
gentleman  at  Sam's,  and  yesterday  morning 
they  were  married  at  St.  George's,  Hanover 
Square.  The  gentleman  has  lots  of  money, 
I  believe,  and  he  started  off  with  her  at 
once  for  the  Continent.  It  is  very  true 
this  is  an  unusual  case ;  but  we  often  do 
marry,  and  well  too  ;  why  shouldn't  we,  we 
are  pretty,  we  dress  well,  we  can  talk  and 
insinuate  ourselves  into  the  hearts  of  men 
by  appealing  to  their  passions  and  their 
senses." 

This  girl  was  shrewd  and  clever,  perhaps 
more  so  than  those  of  her  rank  in  the  pro- 
fession usually  are  ;  but  her  testimony  is 
sufficient  at  once  to  dissipate  the  foolish 
idea  that  ought  to  have  been  exploded  long 
ago,  but  which  still  lingers  in  the  minds  o 
both  men  and  women,  that  the  hai'lot's 
progress  is  short  and  rapid,  and  that  there 
is  no  possible  advance,  moral  or  physical  ; 
and  that  once  abandoned  she  must  always 
be  profligate. 

Another  woman  told  us,  she  had  been 
a  prostitute  for  two  years ;  she  became  so 


220 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


from  necessity  ;  she  did  not  on  the  whole 
dislike  her  way  of  hving ;  she  didn't  think 
about  the  sin  of  it ;  a  poor  girl  must  live  ; 
she  wouldn't  be  a  servant  for  anything ; 
this  was  much  better.  She  was  a  lady's 
maid  once,  but  lost  her  place  for  staying 
out  one  night  with  the  man  who  seduced 
her  ;  he  afterwards  deserted  her,  and  then 
she  became  bad.  She  was  fonder  of  dress 
than  anything.  On  an  average  she  had  a 
new  bonnet  once  a  week,  dresses  not  so 
often ;  she  liked  the  casinos,  and  was 
charmed  with  Cremorne  ;  she  hated  walking 
up  and  down  the  Haymarket,  and  seldom 
did  it  without  she  wanted  money  very 
much.  She  liked  the  Holborn  better  than 
the  Argyll,  and  always  danced. 

Board  Lodgers. 

Board  lodgers  are  those  who  give  a  por- 
tion of  what  they  receive  to  the  mistress 
of  the  brothel  in  return  for  their  board  and 
lodging.  As  we  have  had  occasion  to  ob- 
serve before,  it  is  impossible  to  estimate 
the  number  of  brothels  in  London,  or  even 
in  particular  parishes,  not  only  because 
they  are  frequently  moving  from  one  dis- 
trict to  another,  but  because  our  system  so 
hates  anything  approaching  to  espio)iage, 
that  the  authorities  do  not  think  it  worth 
their  while  to  enter  into  any  such  compu- 
tation. From  this  it  may  readily  be  under- 
stood how  difficult  the  task  of  the  statisti- 
cian is.  Perhaps  it  will  be  sufficient  to  say 
that  these  women  are  much  more  numerous 
than  may  at  first  be  imagined  ;  although 
those  who  give  tlie  whole  of  what  they  get 
in  return  for  their  board,  lodging,  and 
clothes  are  still  more  so.  Jn  Lambeth 
there  are  great  numbers  of  the  lowest  of 
these  houses,  and  only  very  recently  the 
proprietors  of  some  eight  or  ten  of  the 
worst  v/ere  summoned  before  a  police 
magistrate,  and  the  parish  officers  who 
made  the  complaint  bound  over  to  pro- 
secute at  the  sessions.  It  is  much  to  be 
regretted  that  in  dealing  with  such  cases 
the  method  of  procedure  is  not  more  ex- 
peditious and  less  expensive.  Let  us  take 
for  example  one  of  the  cases  we  have  been 
quoting.  A  man  is  openly  accused  of 
keeping  a  ruffianly  den  filled  with  female 
wretches,  destitute  of  every  particle  of 
modesty  and  bereft  of  every  atom  of  shame, 
whose  actual  occupation  is  to  rob,  maltreat, 
and  plunder  the  unfortunate  individuals 
who  so  far  stultify  themselves  as  to  allow 
the  decoys  to  entrap  them  into  their  snares, 
let  us  hope,  for  the  sake  of  humanity,  while 
in  a  state  of  intoxication  or  a  condition  of 
imbecility.  Very  well ;  instead  of  an  easy 
inexpensive  process,  the  patriotic  persons 


who  have 
posure   of 


devoted  themselves  to  the  cx- 
such  infamous  rascality,  find 
themselves  involved  in  a  tedious  criminal 
prosecution,  and  in  the  event  of  failure  lay 
themselves  open  to  an  action.  Mysterious 
disappearances,  Waterloo  Bridge  tragedies, 
and  verdicts  of  found  drowned,  are  common 
enough  in  this  great  city.  Who  knows 
how  many  of  these  unfathomable  affiiirs 
may  have  been  originated,  worked  out,  and 
consummated  in  some  disgusting  rookery 
in  the  worst  parts  of  our  most  demoralized 
metropolitan  parishes ;  but  it  is  with  the 
better  class  of  these  houses  we  are  moro 
particularly  engaged  at  present.  Durmg 
the  progress  of  these  researches,  we  met 
a  girl  residing  at  a  house  in  a  street  running 
out  of  Langham  Place.  Externally  the 
house  looked  respectable  enough ;  there 
was  no  indication  of  the  profession  or  mode 
of  life  of  the  inmates,  except  that,  from  the 
fact  of  some  of  the  blinds  being  down  in 
the  bed  rooms,  you  might  have  thought 
the  house  contained  an  invalid.  The 
rooms,  when  you  were  ushered  in,  were 
well,  though  cheaply  furnished ;  there  were 
coburg  chairs  and  sofas,  glass  chandeliers, 
and  handsome  green  curtains.  The  girl  with, 
whom  we  were  brought  into  conversation 
was  not  more  than  twenty-three  ;  she  told 
us  her  age  was  twenty,  but  statements  of  a 
similar  nature,  when  made  by  this  class,  are 
never  to  be  relied  on.  At  first  she  treated 
our  inquiries  with  some  levity,  and  jocularly 
inquired  what  we  were  inclined  to  stand, 
which  we  justly  interpreted  into  a  desire 
for  something  to  drink  ;  we  accordingly 
"  stood "  a  bottle  of  wine,  which  had  the 
effijct  of  making  our  informant  more  com- 
municative. What  she  told  us  was  briefly 
this.  Her  hfe  was  a  life  of  perfect  slavery, 
she  was  seldom  if  ever  allowed  to  go  out, 
and  then  not  without  being  watched.  Why 
was  this?  Because  she  would  "  cut  it"  if 
she  got  a  chance,  they  knew  that  very  well, 
and  took  very  good  care  she  shouldn't  have 
much  opportunity.  Their  house  was  rather 
popular,  and  they  had  lots  of  visitors  ;  she 
had  some  particular  friends  who  always 
came  to  see  her.  They  paid  her  well,  but 
she  hardly  ever  j>"ot  any  of  the  money. 
Where  was  the  odds,  she  couldn't  go  out 
to  spend  it?  What  did  she  want  with 
money,  except  now  and  then  for  a  drain 
of  white  satin.  AVhat  was  white  satin  ? 
Where  had  I  been  all  my  life  to  ask  such  a 
question  ?  Was  I  a  dodger  ?  She  meant  a 
parson.  No  ;  she  was  glad  of  that,  for  she 
hadn't  much  idea  of  them,  they  were  a 
canting  lot.  Well,  white  satin,  if  I  must 
know,  was  gin,  and  .1  couldn't  say  she  never 
taught  me  anything.     Where  was  she  born  ? 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


221 


Somewhere  in  Stepney.  What  did  it  matter 
where  ;  she  could  tell  roe  all  about  it  if  she 
liked,  but  she  didn't  care.  It  touched  her 
on  the  raw — made  her  feel  too  much.  She 
was  'ticed  when  she  was  young,  that  is,  she 
was  decoyed  by  the  mistress  of  the  house 

some  years  ago.     She  met  Mrs. in  the 

street,  and  the  woman  began  talking  to  her 
in  a  friendly  way.  Asked  her  who  her 
father  was  (he  was  a  journeyman  carpenter), 
where  he  lived,  extracted  all  about  her 
family,  and  finally  asked  her  to  come  home 
to  tea  with  her.  The  child,  dehghted  at 
the  making  tlie  acquaintance  of  so  kind  and 
so  well-dressed  a  lady,  willingly  acquiesced, 
without  making  any  demur,  as  she  never 
dreamt  of  anything  wrong,  and  had  not 
been  cautioned  by  her  father.  She  had 
lost  her  mother  some  years  ago.  She  was 
not  brought  direct  to  the  house  where  I 
found  her  1  Oh  !  no.  There  was  a  branch 
establishment  over  the  water,  where  they 
were  broken  in  as  it  were.  How  long  did 
she  remain  there  ?  Oh !  perhaps  two 
months,  maybe  three ;  she  didn't  keep 
much  account  how  time  went.  "When  she 
was  conquered  and  her  spirit  broken,  she 
was  transported  from  the  first  house  to  a 
more  aristocratic  neighbourhood.  How  did 
they  tame  her  ?  Oh !  they  made  her  drunk 
and  sign  some  papers,  which  she  knew 
gave  them  great  power  over  her,  although 
she  didn't  exactly  know  in  what  the  said 
power  consisted,  or  how  it  might  be  exer- 
cised. Then  they  clothed  her  and  fed  her 
w^ell,  and  gradually  inured  her  to  that  sort 
of  life.  And  now,  was  there  anything  else 
I'd  like  to  know  particularly,  because  if 
there  was,  I'd  better  look  sharp  about  asking 
it,  as  she  was  getting  tired  of  talking, 
she  could  tell  me.  Did  she  expect  to  lead 
this  life  till  she  died  ?  Well  she  never  did, 
if  I  wasn't  going  to  preachify.  She  couldn't 
stand  that — anything  but  that. 

I  really  begged  to  apologize  if  I  had 
wounded  her  sensibility  ;  I  wasn't  inquiring 
from  a  religious  point  of  view,  or  with 
any  particular  motive.  I  merely  wished  to 
know,  to  satisfy  my  own  curiosity. 

Well,  she  thought  me  a  very  inquisitive 
old  party,  anyhow.  At  any  rate,  as  I  was 
so  polite  she  did  not  mind  answering  my 
questions.  Would  she  stick  to  it  till  she 
was  a  stiff  'un  ?  She  supposed  she  would  ; 
what  else  was  there  for  her?  Perhaps 
something  might  turn  up  ;  how  was  she 
to  know  ?  She  never  thought  she  would 
go  mad  ;  if  she  did,  she  lived  in  the  present, 
and  never  went  blubbering  about  as  some 
did.  She  tried  to  be  as  jolly  as  she  could  ; 
where  was  the  fun  of  being  miserable  ? 

This  is  the  philosophy  of  most  of  her 


sisterhood.  This  girl  possessed  a  talent 
for  repartee,  which  accomplishment  she 
endeavoured  to  exercise  at  my  expense,  as 
will  be  perceived  by  the  foregoing,  thougli 
for  many  reasons  I  have  adhered  to  her 
own  vernacular.  That  her  answers  were 
true,  I  have  no  reason  to  question,  and 
that  this  is  the  fate  of  very  many  young 
girls  in  London,  there  is  little  doubt ;  in- 
deed, the  reports  of  the  Society  ibr  the 
Protection  of  Young  Females  sufficiently 
prove  it.  Female  virtue  in  great  cities 
has  innumerable  assailants,  and  the  moralist 
should  pity  rather  than  condemn.  We 
are  by  no  means  certain  that  meretricious 
women  who  have  been  in  the  habit  of 
working  before  losing  their  virtue,  at  some 
trade  or  other,  and  are  able  to  unite  the 
two  together,  are  conscious  of  any  annoy- 
ance or  a  want  of  self-respect  at  being  what 
they  are.  This  class  have  been  called  the 
"  amateurs,"  to  contradistinguish  them 
from  the  professionals,  who  devote  them- 
selves to  it  entirely  as  a  profession.  To  be 
unchaste  amongst  the  lower  classes  is 
not  always  a  subject  of  reproach.  The 
commerce  of  the  sexes  is  so  general  that  to 
have  been  immodest  is  very  seldom  a  bar 
to  marriage.  The  depravity  of  manners 
amongst  boys  and  girls  begins  so  very 
early,  that  they  think  it  rather  a  distinction 
than  otherwise  to  be  unprincipled.  Many 
a  shoeblack,  in  his  uniform  and  leathern 
apron,  who  cleans  your  boots  for  a  penny 
at  tlie  corners  of  the  streets,  has  his  sweet- 
heart. Their  connection  begins  probably 
at  the  low  lodging-houses  they  are  in  the 
habit  of  frequenting,  or,  if  they  have  a  home, 
at  the  penny  gaffs  and  low  cheap  places  of 
amusement,  where  the  seed  of  so  much 
evil  is  sown.  The  precocity  of  the  youth 
of  both  sexes  in  London  is  perfectly  as- 
tounding. The  drinking,  the  smoking,  the 
blasphemy,  indecency,  and  immorality  that 
does  not  even  call  up  a  blush  is  incredible, 
and  charity  schools  and  the  spread  of  edu- 
cation do  not  seem  to  have  done  much  to 
abate  this  scourge.  Another  very  fruitful 
source  of  early  demoralization  is  to  be  looked 
for  in  the  quantities  of  penny  and  halfpenny 
romances  that  are  sold  in  town  and  country. 
One  of  the  worst  of  the  most  recent  ones 
is  denominated,  *'  Charley  Wag,  or  the  New 
Jack  Shepherd,  ahisioryof  the  most  success- 
ful thief  in  London."  To  say  that  these  are 
not  incentives  to  lust,  theft,  and  crime  of 
every  description  is  to  cherish  a  fallacy. 
Why  should  not  the  police,  by  act  of  Parha- 
ment,  be  empowered  to  take  cognizance  of 
this  shameful  misuse  of  the  art  of  printing  ? 
Surely  some  clauses  could  be  added  to  Lord 
Campbell's  Act,  or  a  new  bill  might  be  intro- 


222 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


duced  that  would  meet  the  exigencies  of 
the  case,  without  much  difficulty. 

Men  frequent  the  houses  in  which  women 
board  and  lodge  for  many  reasons,  the  chief 
of  which  is  secrecy  ;  they  also  feel  sure  that 
the  women  are  free  from  disease,  if  they 
know  the  house,  and  it  bears  an  average 
reputation  for  being  well  conducted.  Men  in 
a  certain  position  avoid  publicity  in  their 
amours  beyond  all  things,  and  dread  being 
seen  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Hay- 
market  or  the  Burlington  Arcade  at  certain 
hours,  as  their  professional  reputation 
might  be  compromised.  Many  serious, 
demure  people  conceal  the  iniquities  of 
their  private  lives  in  this  way. 

If  Asmodeus  were  loquacious,  how  in- 
teresting and  anecdotical  a  scandal-monger 
he  might  become ! 

Another  woman  told  me  a  story,  varying 
somewhat  from  that  of  the  first  I  examined, 
which  subsequent  experience  has  shown 
me  is  slightly  stereotyped.  She  was  the 
victim  of  deliberate  cold-blooded  seduction; 
in  course  of  time  a  child  was  born ;  up  to 
this  time  her  seducer  had  treated  her  with 
affection  and  kindness,  but  he  now,  after 
presenting  her  with  fifty  pounds,  deserted 
her.  Thrown  on  her  own  resources,  as  it 
were,  she  did  not  know  what  to  do  ;  she 
could  not  return  to  her  friends,  so  she  went 
into  lodgings  at  a  very  small  rental,  and 
there  lived  until  her  money  was  expended. 
She  then  supported  herself  and  her  child 
by  doing  machine-work  for  a  manufacturer, 
but  at  last  bad  times  came,  and  she  was 
thrown  out  of  work  ;  of  course  the  usual 
amount  of  misery  consequent  on  such  a 
catastrophe  ensued.  She  saw  her  child 
dying  by  inches  before  her  face,  and  this 
girl,  with  tears  in  her  eyes,  assured  me  she 
thanked  God  for  it.  "  I  swear,"  she  added, 
*'  T  starved  myself  to  nourish  it,  until  I  was 
nothing  but  skin  and  bone,  and  little  enough 
of  that;  I  knew  from  the  first,  the  child 
must  die,  if  things  didn't  improve,  and  I 
felt  they  wouldn't.  When  I  looked  at  my 
little  darling  I  knew  well  enough  he  was 
doomed,  but  he  was  not  destined  to  drag  on 
a  weary  existence  as  I  was,  and  I  was  glad 
of  it.  It  may  seem  strange  to  you,  but 
while  my  boy  lived,  I  couldn't  go  into 
the  streets  to  save  his  life  or  my  own — I 
couldn't  do  it.  If  there  had  been  a  foundling- 
hospital,  I  mean  as  I  hear  there  is  in  foreign 
parts,  I  would  have  placed  him  there,  and 
worked  somehow,  but  there  wasn't,  and  a 
crying  shame  it  is  too.  Well,  he  died  at 
last,  and  it  was  all  over.  I  was  half  mad 
and  three  parts  drunk  after  the  parish 
burying,  and  I  went  into  the  streets  at  last ; 
I  rose  in  the  world — (here  she  smiled  sarcas- 


tically)— and  I've  lived  in  this  house  for 
years,  but  I  swear  to  God  I  haven't  had  a 
moment's  happiness  since  the  child  died,  ex- 
cept when  I've  been  dead  drunk  or  maudlin." 

Although  this  woman  did  not  look  upon 
the  death  of  her  child  as  a  crime  committed 
by  herself,  it  was  in  reality  none  the  less 
her  doing;  she  shunned  the  workhouse, 
which  might  have  done  someihing  for  her, 
and  saved  the  life,  at  all  events,  of  her 
child  ;  but  the  repugnance  evinced  by  every 
woman  who  has  any  proper  feeling  for  a 
life  in  a  workhouse  or  a  hos[)ital,  can  hardly 
be  imagined  by  those  who  think  that, 
because  people  are  poor,  they  must  lose  all 
feeling,  all  delicacy,  all  prejudice,  and  all 
shame. 

Her  remarks  about  a  foundling-hospital 
are  sensible  ;  in  the  opinion  of  many  it  is  a 
want  that  ought  to  be  supplied.  Infanticide 
is  a  crime  much  on  the  increase,  and  what 
mother  would  kill  her  offspring  if  she  could 
provide  for  it  in  any  way  ? 

The  analysis  of  the  return  of  the  coroners* 
inquests  held  in  London,  for  the  five  years 
ending  in  1860,  shows  a  total  of  1130  in- 
quisitions on  the  bodies  of  children  under 
two  years  of  age,  all  of  whom  had  beea 
murdered.     The  average  is  226  yearly. 

Here  we  have  226  children  killed  yearly 
by  their  parents :  this  either  shows  that 
our  institutions  are  defective,  or  that  great 
depravity  is  inherent  amongst  English- 
women. The  former  hypothesis  is  much 
more  likely  than  the  latter,  which  we  are 
by  no  means  prepared  to  indorse.  This 
return,  let  it  be  understood,  does  not,  in- 
deed cannot,  include  the  immense  number  of 
embryo  children  who  are  made  away  with 
by  drugs  and  other  devices,  all  of  whom  w© 
have  a  right  to  suppose  would  have  seen 
the  light  if  adequate  provision  could  have 
been  found  for  them  at  their  birth. 

A  return  has  also  been  presented  to 
Parliament,  at  the  instance  of  Mr.  Kendal, 
M.P.,  from  which  we  find  that  157,485 
summonses  in  bastardy  cases  were  issued 
between  the  years  1845  and  1859  inclusive, 
but  that  only  124,218  applications  against 
the  putative  fathers  came  on  for  hearing, 
while  of  this  number  orders  for  main- 
tenance were  only  made  in  107,776  cases, 
the  remaining  summonses,  amounting  to 
15,981,  being  dismissed.  This  latter  fact 
gives  a  yearly  average  of  1,141  illegitimate 
children  thrown  back  on  their  wretched 
mothers.  These  statistics  are  sufficiently 
appalling,  but  there  is  reason  to  fear  that 
they  only  give  an  approximate  idea  of  the 
illegitimate  infantile  population,  and  more 
especially  of  the  extent  to  which  infanticide 
prevails. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB. 


223 


Those  ivho  live  in  Low  Lodging  Houses. 

In  order  to  find  these  houses  it  is  neces- 
sary to  journey  eastwards,  and  leave  the  arti- 
ficial glitter  of  the  West- end,  where  vice  is 
pampered     and     caressed.       Whitechapel, 
Wapping,  Ratcliff  Highway,  and  analogous 
districts,  are  prohfic  in  the  production  of 
these   infamies.      St.    George's -in-the-East 
abounds  with  them,  kept,  for  the  most  part, 
by  disreputable  Jews,  and  if  a  man  is  un- 
fortunate enough  to  fall  into  their  clutches 
he  is  sure  to  become  the  spoil  of  Israel. 
We  may,  however,  find  many  low  lodging- 
houses  without  penetrating  so  far  into  the 
labyrinth  of  east  London.     There  are  num- 
bers in  Lambeth  ;    in  the  Waterloo  Eoad 
and   contiguous   streets  ;    in   small  streets 
between   Covent   Garden   and  the  Strand, 
some  in  one  or  two  streets  running  out  of 
Oxford  Street.     There  is  a  class  of  women 
technically  known  as  "  hunters,"  who  take 
lodgings,  and  after  staying  some  time  run 
away   without   paying   their    rent.     These 
victimise  the  keepers  of  low  lodging-houses 
successfully  for  years.     A  "bunter,"  whose 
favourite  promenade,  especially  on  Sundays, 
was  the  New  Cut,  Lambeth,  said  "  she  never 
paid  any  rent,  hadn't  done  it  for  years,  and 
never  meant  to.     They  was  mostly  Christ- 
killers,  and  chousing  a  Jew  was  no  sin;  least- 
ways, none  as  she  cared  about  committing. 
She  boasted  of  it :  had  been  known  about 
town  this  ever  so  long  as  Swindling  Sal.  And 
there  was  another,  a  great  pal  of  her'n,  as 
went    by    the    name    of    Chousing    Bett. 
Didn't  they  know  her  in  time  ?     Lord  bless 
me,  she  was  up  to  as  many  dodges  as  there 
was  men  in  the  moon.    She  changed  places, 
she  never  stuck  to  one  long  ;  she  never  had 
no  things  for  to  be  sold  up,  and,  as  she 
was  handy  with  her  mauleys,  she  got   on 
pretty  well.      It   took   a   considerable  big 
man,  she  could  tell  me,  to  kick  her  out  of 
a   house,   and  then  when  he  done  it  she 
always  give  him  something  for  himself,  by 
way  of  remembering  her.     Oh  !  they  had  a 
sweet  recollection   of  her,   some   on   'em. 

She'd  crippled  lots  of  the crucifiers." 

"  Did  she  never  get  into  a  row  ?"  "  Lots  on 
'em,  she  believed  me.  Been  quodded  no  end 
of  times.  She  knew  every  beak  as  sot  on  the 
cheer  as  well  as  she  knew  Joe  the  magsman, 
who,  she  might  say,  wor  a  very  perticaler 
friend  of  her'n."     "  Did  he  pay  her  well  W 

This  was  merely  a  question  to  ascertain 
the  amount  of  remuneration  that  she,  and 
others  like  her,  were  in  the  habit  of  re- 
ceiving ;  but  it  had  the  effect  of  enraging 
her  to  a  great  extent.  My  informant  was  a 
tall,  stout  woman,  about  seven-and-twenty, 
with  a  round  face,   fat   cheeks,   a  rather 


wheezy  voice,  and  not  altogether  destitute 
of  good  looks.  Her  arms  were  thick  and 
muscular,  while  she  stood  well  on  her  legs, 
and  altogether  appeared  as  if  she  would  be 
a  formidable  opponent  in  a  street-quarrel 
or  an  Irish  row. 

"  Did  he  pay  well  ?  "Was  I  a-going  to  in- 
sult her  ?  What  was  I  asking  her  sich  a 
'eap  of  questions  for?     Why,  Joe  was  good 

for  a sight  more  than  she  thought  I 

was ! — "  pohte."  Then  she  was  sorry  for  it, 
never  meant  to  be.  Joe  worn't  a  five-bobber, 
much  less  a  bilker,  as  she'd  take  her  dying 
oath  I  was."  "  Would  she  take  a  drop  of 
summut?"  "Well,  she  didn't  mind  if  she  did." 

An  adjournment  to  a  public-house  in  the 
immediate  vicinity,  where  "  Swindhng  Sal "  '\ 
appeared  very  much  at  home,  mollified  and   ! 
appeased  her. 

The  "  drop  of  summut  short,  miss,"  was 
responded  to  by  the  young  lady  behind  the 
bar  by  a  monosyllabic  query,  "  Neat  ?" 
The  reply  being  in  the  afiirmative,  a  glass 
of  gin  was  placed  upon  the  marble  counter, 
and  rapidly  swallowed,  while  a  second,  and 
a  third  followed  in  quick  succession,  much, 
apparently,  to  the  envy  of  a  woman  in  the 
same  compartment,  who,  my  informant 
told  me  in  a  whisper,  was  "  Lushing  Lucy," 
and  a  stunner — whatever  the  latter  ap- 
pellation might  be  worth.  But  the  added 
"Me  an'  'er  'ad  a  rumpus,"  was  sufficient  to 
explain  the  fact  of  their  not  speaking. 

"  What  do  you  think  you  make  a  week  ?'* 
at  last  I  ventured  to  ask. 

"  WeU,  I'll  tell  yer,"  was  the  response  : 
"  one  week  with  another  I  makes  nearer  on 
four  pounds  nor  three — sometimes  five.  I 
'ave  done  eight  and  ten.  Now  Joe,  as  you 
'eered  me  speak  on,  he  does  it  'ansome, 
he  does  :  I  mean,  you  know,  when  he's  in 
luck.  He  give  me  a  fiver  once. after  crack- 
ing a  crib,  and  a  nice  spree  me  an'  Lushing 
Loo  'ad  over  it.  Sometimes  I  get  three 
shillings,  half-a-crown,  five  shillings,  or  ten 
occasionally,  accordin'  to  the  sort  of  man. 
What  is  this  Joe  as  I  talks  about  ?  Well, 
I  likes  your  cheek,  howsomever,  he's  a 
'ouse breaker.  I  don't  do  anything  in  that 
way,  never  did,  and  shant ;  it  aint  safe,  it 
aint.  How  did  I  come  to  take  to  this  sort 
of  hfe  ?  It's  easy  to  tell.  I  was  a  servant 
gal  away  down  in  Birmingham.  I  got  tired 
of  workin'  and  slavin'  to  make  a  livin',  and 

getting  a bad  one  at  that ;    what    o' 

five  pun'  a  year  and  yer  grub,  I'd  sooner 
starve,  I  would.  After  a  bit  I  went  to  Co- 
ventry, cut  Brummagem,  as  we  calls  it  in 
those  parts,  and  took  up  with  the  soldiers 
as  was  quartered  there.  I  soon  got  tired 
of  them.  Soldiers  is  good — soldiers  is — to 
walk  with  and  that,  but  they  don't  pay; 


224 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


cos  why,  the}'  aint  got  no  money  ;  so  T  says 
to  myself,  I'll  go  to  Lunnon,  and  I  did.  I 
soon  found  mj'  level  there.  It  is  a  queer 
sorb  of  life,  the  life  I'm  leading,  and  now  I 
think  I'll  be  off.  Good  night  to  yer.  I 
hope  we'll  know  more  of  one  another  when 
we  two  meets  again." 

When  she  was  gone  I  turned  my  atten- 
tion to  the  woman  I  have  before  alluded  to. 
"  Lushing  Loo  "  was  a  name  uneuphemistic, 
and  calculated  to  prejudice  the  hearer 
against  the  possessor.  I  had  only  glanced 
at  her  before,  and  a  careful  scrutiny  sur- 
prised me,  while  it  impressed  me  in  her 
favour.  She  was  lady-like  in  appearance, 
altliough  haggard.  She  was  not  dressed  in 
flaring  colours  and  meretricious  tawdry. 
Her  clothes  were  neat,  and  evidenced  taste 
in  their  selection,  although  they  were  cheap. 
I  spoke  to  her  ;  she  looked  up  without 
giving  me  a;n  answer,  appearing  much  de- 
jected. Guessing  the  cause,  which  was 
that  she  had  been  very  drunk  the  night 
before,  and  had  come  to  the  public-house 
to  get  something  more,  but  [hsid  been  un- 
able to  obtain  credit,  I  offered  her  half-a- 
crown,  and  told  her  to  get  what  she  liked 
with  it.  A  new  light  came  into  her  eyes  ; 
she  thanked  me,  and,  calling  the  barmaid, 
gave  her  orders,  with  a  smile  of  triumph. 
Her  taste  was  sufficiently  aristocratic  to 
prefer  pale  brandy  to  the  usual  beverage 
dispensed  in  gin-palaces.  A  "  drain  of 
pale,"  as  she  termed  it,  invigorated  her. 
Glass  after  glass  was  ordered,  till  she  had 
spent  all  the  money  I  gave  her.  By  this 
time  she  was  perfectly  drunk,  and  I  had 
been  powerless  to  stop  her.  Pressing  her 
hand  to  her  forehead,  she  exclaimed,  **0h, 
my  poor  head !"  I  asked  what  was  the 
matter  with  her,  and  for  the  first  time  she 
condescended,  or  felt  in  the  humour  to 
speak  to  me.  "  My  heart's  broken,"  she 
said.  "It  has  been  broken  since  the 
twenty-first  of  ]\Iay.  I  wish  I  was  dead  ;  I 
wish  I  was  laid  in  my  coffin.  It  won't  be 
long  first.  I  am  doing  it.  I've  just  driven 
another  nail  in,  and  '  Lushing  Loo,'  as  they 
call  me,  will  be  no  loss  to  society.  Cheer 
up ;  let's  have  a  song.  Why  don't  you 
sing  ?"  she  cried,  her  mood  having  changed, 
as  is  frequently  the  case  with  habitual 
drunkards,  and  a  symptom  that  often  pre- 
cedes delirium  tremens.  "  Sing,  I  tell  you," 
and  she  began, 

The  first  I  met  a  cornet  was 
In  a  regiment  of  dragoons, 

I  gave  him  what  he  didn't  like, 
And  stole  his  silver  spoons. 

When  she  had  finished  her  song,  the  first 
verse  of  which  is  all  I  can  remember,  she 


subsided  into  comparative  tranquillity.  I 
asked  her  to  tell  me  her  history. 

"  Oh,  I'm  a  seduced  milliner,"  she  said, 
rather  impatiently  ;  "  anything  you  like." 

It  required  some  inducement  on  my 
part  to  make  her  speak,  and  overcome  the 
repugnance  she  seemed  to  feel  at  saying 
any  thing  about  herself. 

She  was  the  daughter  of  respectable 
parents,  and  at  an  early  age  had  imbibed 
a  fondness  for  a  cousin  in  the  army,  which 
in  the  end  caused  her  ruin.  She  had  gone 
on  from  bad  to  worse  after  his  desertion, 
and  at  last  found  herself  among  the  number 
of  low  transpontine  women.  I  asked  her 
why  she  did  not  enter  a  refuge,  it  might 
save  her  life. 

"  I  don't  wish  to  live,"  she  rephed.  "  I 
shall  soon  get  D.  T.,  and  then  I'll  kill  my- 
self in  a  fit  of  madness." 

Nevertheless  I  gave  her  the  address  of 
the  secretary  of  the  Midnight  Meeting  As- 
sociation, Red  Lion  Square,  and  was  going 
away  when  a  young  Frenchmen  entered 
the  bar,  shouting  a  French  song,  begin- 
ning 

Vive  I'amour,  le  vin,  et  le  tauac, 

and  I  left  him  in  conversation  with  the 
girl,  whose  partiality  for  the  brandy  bottle 
had  gained  her  the  suggestive  name  I  have 
mentioned  above. 

The  people  who  keep  the  low  lodging- 
houses  where  these  women  live,  are  rapa- 
cious, mean,  and  often  dishonest.  They 
charge  enormously  for  their  rooms  in  order 
to  guarantee  themselves  against  loss  in  the 
event  of  their  harbouring  a  "  bunter "  by 
mistake,  so  that  the  money  paid  by  their 
honest  lodgers  covers  the  default  made  b}'" 
those  who  are  fraudulent. 

Dr.  Ryan,  in  his  book  on  prostitution, 
puts  the  following  extraordinary'  passage, 
whilst  writing  about  low  houses : — 

"An  enlightened  medical  (jeutleman  as- 
sured me  that  near  what  is  called  the  Fleet 
Ditch  almost  every  house  is  the  lowest  and 
most  infamous  brothel.  There  is  an  aque- 
duct of  large  dimensions,  into  which  mur- 
dered bodies  are  precipitated  by  bullies 
and  discharged  at  a  considerable  distance 
into  the  Thames,  without  the  slightest 
chance  of  recovery." 

Mr.  Richelot  quotes  this  with  the  greatest 
gravity,  and  adduces  it  as  a  proof  of  the 
immorality  and  crime  that  are  prevalent  to 
such  an  awful  extent  in  London.  What  a 
pity  the  enlightened  medical  gentleman 
did  not  affix  his  name  to  this  statement  as 
a  guarantee  of  its  authenticity  ! 

When  speaking  of  low  street- walkers,  the 
.same  author  says  : — 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOM. 


90.: 


"  These  truly  unfortunate  creatures  are 
closely  watched  whilst  walking  the  streets, 
so  that  it  is  impossible  for  them  to  escape, 
unci  if  they  attempt  it,  the  spy,  often  a 
female  child,  hired  for  the  purpose,  or  a 
bully,  or  procuress,  charges  the  fugitive 
with  felony,  as  escaping  with  the  clothes 
of  the  brothel-keeper,  when  the  police 
officer  on  duty  immediately  arrests  the 
delinquent,  and  takes  her  to  the  station- 
house  of  his  divison,  but  more  commonly 
gives  her  up  to  the  brothel-keeper,  who 
rewards  him.  This  inhuman  and  infamous 
practice  is  of  nightly  occurrence  in  this 
metropolis.  When  the  forlorn,  unfortunate 
wretch  returns  to  her  infamous  abode,  she 
is  maltreated  and  kept  nearly  naked  during 
the  day,  so  that  she  cannot  attempt  to  run 
away.  She  is  often  half  starved,  and  at 
night  sent  again  into  the  streets  as  often 
as  she  is  disengaged,  while  all  the  money 
she  receives  goes  to  her  keeper  whether 
male  or  female.  This  is  not  an  exaggerated 
picture,  but  a  fact  attested  by  myself.  I 
have  known  a  girl,  aged  fifteen  years,  who  in 
one  night  knew  twelve  men,  and  produced 
to  her  keeper  as  many  pounds." 

"  Paucis  horis,  haj  puellaj  sex  vel  septem 
hominibus  congruunt,  lavant  et  bibunt  post 
singulum  alcoholis  paululum  (vulgo  brandy 
vel  g;m)  et  dein  paratre  sunt  aliis." 

With  what  a  vivid  imagination  the 
writer  of  these  striking  paragraphs  must 
have  been  gifted.  The  Arabian  Nights  and 
the  Tales  of  the  Genii  that  are  so  charmingly 
improbable,  are  really  matter  of  fact  in  com- 
parison. If  we  multiply  12  by  365,  what 
is  the  residt  ?  We  never  took  such  interest 
in  aritlnnetic  before :  12  X  365  =  43b0.  This 
total  of  course  represents  pounds  ;  why, 
it  is  nearly  equal  to  the  salary  of  a  puisne 
judge  !  But  perhaps  the  young  lady  whose 
interesting  age  is  fifteen,  is  not  so  for- 
tunate every  night.  Let  us  reduce  it  by 
one  half;  4380  ±2  =  2190.  Two  thou- 
sand one  hundred  and  ninety  pounds  per 
annum  is  a  very  handsome  income  ;  and 
after  such  a  calculation,  can  we  wonder 
that  a  meretricious  career  is  alluring  and 
attractive  to  certain  members  of  the  fair 
sex,  especially  when  "  hae  puellos  "  make  it 
"  paucis  horis  V  So  lucrative  a  speculation 
cannot  be  included  in  the  category  of  those 
who  are  "  kept  nearly  naked  during  the  day, 
and  often  half  starved."  We  suggest  this  on 
our  own  responsibility,  for  we  have  not  been 
an  "  eye-witness"  of  such  precocious  profli- 
gacy; but  we  make  the  suggestion  because 
'  it  is  something  like  nigger-keeping  in  the 
Southern  States  of  America.  A  full-grown, 
hearty  negro  is  a  flesh  and  blood  equivalent 
for  a  thousand  or  two  thousand   dollars. 


If  he  were  *'  larruped "  and  bullied,  ho 
would  perhaps  die,  or  at  any  rate  not 
work  so  well,  and  a  loss  to  his  owner 
would  ensue  that  Pompey's  massa  would 
not  be  slow  to  discover.  By  parity  of  rea- 
soning the  white  slave  of  England  must 
also  be  treated  well,  or  it  naturally  follows 
that  she  wiU  not  be  so  productive,  and  the 
121.  received  from  as  many  men  in  a  few 
hours,  may  dwindle  to  as  many  shillings, 
gleaned  with  difficulty  in  a  great  number 
of  hours. 

Dr.  Llichael  Piyan  evidently  possesses 
an  extensive  acquaintance  among  remark- 
able men.  Let  us  examine  the  statement 
of  "my  informant,  a  truly  moral  character, 
a  respectable  citizen,  the  father  of  a 
family,"  who  gives  the  following  account 
of  bullies : — 

"  Two  acquaintances  of  his,  men  of  the 
world  "  (we  submit  with  all  humility  that 
truly  moral  characters,  respectable  citi- 
zens, and  fathers  of  families  ought  to  be 
more  select  in  their  acquaintance,  for  biids 
of  a  feather,  &c.),  "were  entrapped  in  one 
of  the  Parks  by  two  apparently  virtuous 
females,  about  twenty  years  of  age,  who 
were  driving  in  a  pony  phaeton,  to  accom- 
pany them  home  to  a  most  notoriously  in- 
famous square  in  this  metrojjohs.  All  wus 
folly  and  debauchery  till  the  next  morning. 
But  when  the  visitors  were  about  to  depart, 
they  were  sternly  informed  they  must  pay 
more  money.  They  replied  they  had  no 
more,  but  would  call  again,  when  their 
vicious  companions  yelled  vociferousl}-. 
Two  desperate-looking  villains,  accom- 
panied by  a  large  mastiff,  now  entered  the 
apartment  and  threatened  to  murder  the 
delinqutnts  if  they  did  not  immediately 
pay  more  money.  A  frightful  fight  ensued. 
The  mastifi"  seized  one  of  the  assaulted  by 
the  thigh,  and  tore  out  a  considerable  por- 
tion of  the  flesh.  The  bullies  were,  how^evei-, 
finally  laid  prostrate  :  the  assailed  forced 
their  way  into  the  street  through  the 
drawing-room  windows  ;  a  crowd  speedily 
assembled,  and  on  learning  the  nature  of 
the  murderous  assault,  the  mob  attacked 
the  house  and  nemiy  demolished  it  hefore  the 
police  arrived "  (where  were  the  police .?). 
"  The  injured  parties  effected  their  escape 
during  the  commotion." 

What  a  surprising  adventure  !  Haroun 
Alraschid  would  have  had  it  written  in 
letters  of  gold.  The  man  of  the  world,  who 
had  a  considerable  portion  of  the  flesh  torn 
out  of  his  leg  by  the  terrible  mastifi',  must 
have  been  the  model  of  an  athlete  to  effect 
his  escape  and  punish  his  bully  after  such 
a  catastrophe,  more  particularly  as  he 
jumped  out  of  the  drawing-room  window. 


Q. 


226 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Then  that  mob,  that  ferocious  mob  that 
nearly  demohshed  the  house  before  the 
poHce  arrived !  Mob  more  terrible  than 
any  that  the  faubourgs  St.  Antoine  or  St. 
Jacques  could  furnish  during  a  bread  riot 
in  Paris,  to  harry  the  government,  and 
erect  barricades.  What  a  horror  truly 
moral  characters  must  entertain  of  appa- 
rently virtuous  females  driving  pony  phae- 
tons in  the  Parks  !  A  little  further  on  the 
same  respectable  citizen  informs  us,  in 
addition,  "  that  in  a  certain  court  near  an- 
other notoriously  profligate  square,  which 
was  pulled  down  a  few  years  ago,  several 
skeletons  were  found  under  the  floor,  on 
which  inquests  were  held  by  the  coroner." 
What  ghastly  ideas  float  through  the  mind 
and  obscure  the  mental  vision  of  that 
father  of  a  family  ! 

That  rows  and  disturbances  often  take 
place  in  disorderly  houses,  is  not  to  be 
denied.  A  few  isolated  instances  of  men 
being  attacked  or  robbed  when  drunk  may 
be  met  with ;  but  that  there  are  houses 
whose  keepers  systematically  plunder  and 
murder  their  frequenters  our  experience 
does  not  prove,  nor  do  we  for  an  instant 
believe  it  to  be  the  case.  Foreigners  who 
v/rite  about  England  are  only  too  eager  to 
meet  with  such  stories  in  print,  and  they 
transfer  them  bodily  with  the  greatest  glee 
to  their  own  pages,  and  parade  them  as 
being  of  frequent  occurrence,  perhaps 
nightly,  in  houses  of  ill  fame. 

Prostitutes  of  a  certain  class  do  not 
hesitate  to  rob  drunken  men,  if  they  think 
they  can  do  so  with  safety.  If  they  get 
hold  of  a  gentleman  who  would  not  like  to 
give  the  thief  in  charge,  and  bring  the 
matter  before  the  public,  they  are  com- 
paratively safe. 

Sailors'    JVomen. 

Many  extraordinary  statements  respecting 
sailors'  women  have  at  diiferent  times  been 
promulgated  by  various  authors  ;  and  from 
what  has  gone  forth  to  the  world,  those 
who  take  an  interest  in  such  matters  have 
not  formed  a  very  high  opinion  of  the  class 
in  question. 

The  progress  of  modern  civilization  is  so 
rapid  and  so  wonderful,  that  the  changes 
which  take  place  in  the  brief  space  of  a 
few  years  are  really  and  truly  incredible. 

That  which  ten,  fifteen,  or  twenty  years 
might  have  been  said  with  perfect  truth 
about  a  particular  district,  or  an  especial 
denomination,  if  repeated  now  would,  in 
point  of  fact,  be  nothing  but  fiction  of  the 
grossest  and  most  unsubstantial  character. 
Novelists  who  have  never  traversed  the 
localities  they  are  describing  so  vividly,  or 


witnessed  the  scenes  they  depict  with  such 
graphic  distinctness,  do  a  great  deal  more 
to  mislead  the  general  public  than  a  casual 
observer  may  at  first  think  himself  at 
liberty  to  believe. 

The  upper  ten  thousand  and  the  middle- 
classes  as  a  rule  have  to  combat  innumer- 
able prejudices,  and  are  obliged  to  reject 
the  traditions  of  their  infancy  before  they 
thoroughly  comprehend  the  actual  condi- 
tion of  that  race  of  people,  which  they  are 
taught  by  immemorial  prescription  to  re- 
gard as  immensely  inferior,  if  not  alto- 
gether barbarous. 

It  is  necessary  to  make  these  prefatory 
remarks  before  declaring  that  of  late  years 
everything  connected  with  the  industrious 
classes  has  undergone  as  complete  a  trans- 
formation as  any  magic  can  eftect  upon  the 
stage.  Not  only  is  the  condition  of  the 
people  changed,  but  they  themselves  are  as 
effectually  metamorphosed.  I  shall  de- 
scribe the  wonders  that  have  been  accom- 
plished in  a  score  or  two  of  years  in  and 
about  St.  Giles's  by  a  vigilant  and  ener- 
getic police-force,  better  parochial  manage- 
ment, schools,  washhouses,  mechanics'  in- 
stitutes, and  lodging-houses  that  have 
caused  to  disappear  those  noisome,  pesti- 
lential sties  that  pigs  would  obstinately 
refuse  to  wallow  in. 

The  spread  of  enlightenment  and  educa- 
tion has  also  made  itself  visible  in  the  in- 
creased tact  and  proficiency  of  the  thief 
himself;  and  this  is  one  cause  of  the  ame- 
lioration of  low  and  formerly  vicious  neigh- 
bourhoods. The  thief  no  longer  frequents 
places  where  the  police  know  very  well 
how  to  put  their  hands  upon  him.  Quitting 
the  haunts  where  he  was  formerly  so  much 
at  home  and  at  his  ease,  he  migrates  west- 
wards, north,  south,  anywhere  but  the 
exact  vicinity  you  would  expect  to  meet 
him  in.  Nor  is  the  hostility  of  the  police 
so  much  directed  against  expert  and  noto- 
rious thieves.  They  of  course  do  not 
neglect  an  opportunity  of  making  a  capture, 
and  plume  themselves  when  that  capture 
is  made,  but  they  have  a  certain  sort  of 
respect  for  a  thief  who  is  professionally 
so ;  who  says,  "  It  is  the  way  by  which  I 
choose  to  obtain  my  living,  and  were  it 
otherwise  I  must  still  elect  to  be  a  thief, 
for  I  have  been  accustomed  to  it  from  my 
childhood.  My  character  is  already  gone, 
no  one  would  employ  me,  and,  above  all,  I 
take  a  pride  in  thieving  skilfully,  and 
setting  your  detective  skill  at  defiance." 

It  is  indeed  the  low  petty  thief,  the 
area-sneak,  and  that  genus  that  more  espo- 
cially  excites  the  sj^leen,  and  rouses  the  ire 
of  your  modern  policeman.     The  idle,  lazy 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


227 


scoundrel  who  will  not  work  when  he  can 
obtain  it  at  the  docks  and  elsewhere,  who 
goes  cadging  about  because  his  own  in- 
herent depravity,  and  naturally  base  in- 
stincts deprive  him  of  a  spark  of  intelli- 
gence, an  atom  of  honest  feeling,  to  point 
to  a  better  and  a  difierent  goal.  Emigra- 
tion is  as  a  thing  unexisting  to  them  ;  they 
live  a  life  of  turpitude,  preying  upon  so- 
ciety ;  they  pass  half  their  days  in  a  prison, 
and  they  die  prematurely  unregretted  and 
unmourned. 

Whitechapel  has  always  been  looked 
upon  as  a  suspicious,  unhealthy  locality. 
To  begin,  its  population  is  a  strange 
amalgamation  of  Jews,  English,  J^'rench, 
Germans,  and  other  antagonistic  elements 
that  must  clash  and  jar,  but  not  to  such 
an  extent  as  has  been  surmised  and  re- 
ported. Whitechapel  has  its  theatres,  its 
music-halls,  the  cheap  rates  of  admission  to 
which  serve  to  absorb  numbers  of  the  in- 
habitants, and  by  innocently  amusing  them 
soften  their  manners  and  keep  them  out  of 
mischief  and  harm's  way. 

The  Earl  of  Effnigham,  a  theatre  in 
Whitechapel  Koad,  has  been  lately  done  up 
and  restored,  and  holds  three  thousand 
people.  It  has  no  boxes  ;  they  would  not 
be  patronized  if  they  were  in  existence. 
Whitechapel  does  not  go  to  the  play  in  kid- 
gloves  and  white  ties.  The  stage  of  the 
Effingham  is  roomy  and  excellent,  the  trap- 
work  very  extensive,  for  Whitechapel  re- 
joices much  in  pyrotechnic  displays, 
blue  demons,  red  demons,  and  vanishing 
Satans  that  disappear  in  a  cloud  of  smoke 
through  an  invisible  hole  in  the  lloor. 
Great  is  the  applause  when  gauzy  nymphs 
rise  like  so  many  Aphrodites  from  the  sea, 
and  sit  down  on  apparent  sunbeams  mid- 
way between  the  stage  and  the  theatrical 
heaven. 

The  Pavilion  is  another  theatre  in  the 
Whitechapel  Road,  and  perhaps  ranks 
higher  than  the  Effingham.  The  Pavilion 
may  stand  comparison,  with  infinite  credit 
to  itself  and  its  architect,  with  more  than 
one  West-end  theatre.  People  at  the 
West-end  who  never  in  their  dreams  travel 
farther  east  than  the  dividend  and  transfer 
department  of  the  Bank  of  England  in 
Threadneedle  Street,  have  a  vague  idea 
that  East-end  theatres  strongly  resemble 
the  dilapidated  and  decayed  Soho  in  Dean 
Street,  filled  with  a  rough,  noisy  set  of 
drunken  thieves  and  prostitutes.  It  is  time 
that  these  ideas  should  be  exploded. 
Prostitutes  and  thieves  of  course  do  fi.nd 
their  way  into  theatres  and  other  places  of 
amusement,  but  perhaps  if  you  were  to 
rake  up  all  the  bad  characters  in  the  neigh- 


bourhood they  v/ould  not  suffice  to  fill  the 
pit  and  gallery  of  the  Pavilion. 

Gn  approaching  the  play-house,  you  ob- 
serve prostitutes  standing  outside  in  little 
gangs  and  knots  of  three  or  four,  and  you 
will  also  see  them  inside,  but  for  the  most 
part  they  are  accompanied  by  their  men. 
Sergeant  Prior  of  the  H  division,  for  whose 
services  I  am  indebted  to  the  courtesy  of 
Superintendent  White,  assured  me  that 
when  sailors  landed  in  the  docks,  and  drew 
their  wages,  they  picked  up  some  women 
to  whom  they  considered  themselves 
married  pro  tem.,  and  to  whom  they  gave 
the  money  they  had  made  by  their  last 
voyage.  They  live  with  the  women  until 
the  money  is  gone,  (and  the  women  gene- 
rally treat  the  sailors  honourably).  They 
go  to  sea  again,  make  some  more,  come 
home,  and  repeat  the  same  thing  over 
again.  There  are  perhaps  twelve  or  fifteen 
l^ublic-houses  licensed  for  music  in  St. 
George's  Street  and  Ratcliif  Highway :  most 
of  them  a  few  years  ago  were  thronged, 
now  they  can  scarcely  pay  their  expenses ; 
and  it  is  anticipated  that  next  year  many 
of  them  will  be  obliged  to  close. 

This  is  easily  accounted  for.  Many  sailors 
go  further  east  to  the  K  division,  which 
includes  Wax^ping,  Bluegate,  &c. ;  but  the 
chief  cause,  the  fans  et  origo  of  the  declen- 
sion is  simply  the  institution  of  sailors' 
savings  banks.  There  is  no  longer  the 
money  to  be  spent  that  there  used  to  be. 
When  a  sailor  comes  on  shore,  he  will  jjro- 
bably  go  to  the  nearest  sailors'  home,  and 
place  his  money  in  the  bank.  Drawing  out 
again  a  pound  or  so,  with  which  he  may 
enjoy  himself  for  a  day  or  two,  he  will  then 
have  the  rest  of  his  money  transmitted  to 
his  friends  in  the  country,  to  whom  he 
will  himself  go  as  soon  as  he  has  had  his 
fling  in  town  ;  so  that  the  money  that  used 
formerly  to  be  expended  in  one  centre  is 
spread  over  the  entire  country,  ergo  and 
very  naturally  the  public-house  keepers 
feel  the  change  acutely.  To  show  how  the 
neighbourhood  has  improved  of  late  years, 
I  will  mention  that  six  or  eight  years  ago 
the  Eastern  Music  Hall  was  frequented  by 
such  ruffians  that  the  proprietor  told  me 
he  was  only  too  glad  when  twelve  o'clock 
came,  that  he  might  shut  the  place  up,  and 
turn  out  his  turbulent  customers,  whose 
chief  delight  was  to  disfigure  and  ruin  each 
other's  physiognomy. 

Mr.  Wilton  has  since  then  rebuilt  his 
concert-room,  and  erected  a  gallery  that  he 
sets  apart  for  sailors  and  their  women. 
The  body  of  the  hall  is  filled  usually  by 
tradesmen,  keepers  of  tally-shops,  &c.,  &c. 

And    before    we    go    further    a    woid 


Q  2 


22S 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


about  tally-shops.  Take  the  New  Road, 
Whitechapel,  which  is  full  of  them.  They 
present  a  respectable  appearance,  arc  little 
two-storied  houses,  clean,  neat,  and  the 
owners  are  reputed  to  have  the  Queen's 
taxes  ready  when  the  collectors  call  for 
them.  The  principle  of  the  tally  business 
is  this  : — A  man  wants  a  coat,  or  a  woman 
wants  a  shawl,  a  dress,  or  some  other 
article  of  feminine  wearing  apparel.  Being 
somewhat  known  in  the  neighbourhood,  as 
working  at  some  trade  or  other,  the  appli- 
cant is  able  to  go  to  the  tally-shop,  certain 
of  the  success  of  his  or  her  application. 

She  obtains  the  dress  she  wishes  for,  and 
agrees  to  pay  so  much  a  week  until  the 
whole  debt  is  cleared  oflf.  For  instance, 
the  dress  costs  three  pounds,  a  sum  she 
can  never  hope  to  possess  in  its  entirety. 
A¥ell,  five  shillings  a  week  for  three  months 
will  complete  the  sum  charged  ;  and  the 
woman  by  this  system  of  accommodation 
is  as  much  benefited  as  the  tallyman. 

The  British  Queen,  a  concert-room  in 
the  Commercial  Eoad,  is  a  respectable,  well- 
conducted  house,  frequented  by  low  pros- 
titutes, as  may  be  expected,  but  orderly  in 
the  extreme,  and  what  more  can  be  wished 
for  ?  The  sergeant  remarked  to  me,  if  these 
places  of  harmless  amusement  were  not 
licensed  and  kept  open,  much  evil  would 
be  sown  and  disseminated  throughout  the 
neighbourhood,  for  it  may  be  depended 
something  worse  and  ten  times  lower  would 
be  substituted.  People  of  all  classes  must 
have  recreation.  Sailors  who  come  on 
shore  after  a  long  cruise  luill  have  it ;  and, 
added  the  sergeant,  we  give  it  them  in  a 
way  that  does  no  harm  to  themselves  or 
anybody  else.  Rows  and  disturbances  sel- 
dom occur,  although,  of  course,  they  may 
be  expected  now  and  then.  The  dancing- 
rooms  close  at  twelve — indeed  their  fre- 
quenters adjourn  to  other  places  generally 
before  that  hour,  and  very  few  publics  are 
open  at  one.  I  heard  that  there  had  been 
three  fights  at  the  Prussian  Eagle,  in  Ship 
Alley,  Wellclose  Square,  on  the  evening  1 
visited  the  locality ;  but  when  I  arrived  I 
saw  no  symptoms  of  the  reported  j^ug- 
nacity  of  the  people  assembled,  and  this 
was  the  only  rumour  of  war  that  reached 
my  ears. 

Ship  Alley  is  full  of  foreign  lodging- 
houses.  Yoxi  see  written  on  a  bhnd  an  in- 
scription that  denotes  the  nationality  of 
the  keeper  and  the  character  of  the  esta- 
blishment ;  for  instance  JfoUandsche  lo<((jc- 
menty  is  sufficient  to  show  a  Dutchman  tliat 
his  own  language  is  spoken,  and  that  he 
may  have  a  bed  if  he  chooses. 

That  there  are  desperate   characters  in 


the  district  was  sufficiently  evidenced  by 
Avhat  I  saw  when  at  the  station-house. 
Two  women,  both  well-known  prostitutes, 
were  confined  in  the  cells,  one  of  whom 
had  been  there  before  no  less  i\\?ai  fourteen 
times,  and  had  only  a  few  hours  before 
been  brought  up  charged  with  nearly  mur- 
dering a  man  with  a  poker.  Her  face  was 
bad,  heavy,  and  repulsive  ;  her  forehead, 
as  well  as  1  could  distinguish  by  the  scanty 
light  thrown  into  the  place  by  the  bulls- 
eye  of  the  policeman,  was  low  ;  her  nose 
was  short  and  what  is  called  pudgy,  having 
the  nostrils  dilated  ;  and  she  abused  the 
police  for  disturbing  her  when  she  wished 
to  go  to  sleep,  a  thing,  from  what  I  saw, 
I  imagined  rather  difficult  to  accomplish, 
as  she  had  nothing  to  recline  upon  but  a 
hard  sort  of  locker  attached  to  the  w^all, 
and  running  all  along  one  side  and  at  the 
bottom  of  the  cell. 

The  other  woman,  whose  name  was 
O'Brien,  was  much  better  looking  than  her 
companion  in  crime  ;  her  hand  was  ban- 
daged up,  and  she  appeared  faint  from  loss 
of  blood.  The  policeman  lifted  her  head 
up,  and  asked  her  if  she  would  like  any- 
thing to  eat.  She  replied  she  could  drink 
some  tea,  which  was  ordered  for  her.  She 
had  met  a  man  in  a  public-house  in  the 
afternoon,  who  was  occupied  in  eating 
some  bread  and  cheese.  In  order  to  get 
into  conversation  with  him,  she  asked  him 
to  give  her  some,  and  on  his  refusing  she 
made  a  snatch  at  it,  and  caitght  hold  of  the 
knife  he  was  using  with  her  right  hand, 
inflicting  a  severe  wound  :  notwithstanding 
the  pain  of  the  wound,  which  only  served 
to  infuriate  her,  she  flew  at  the  man  with 
a  stick  and  beat  him  severely  over  the 
head,  endangering  his  life  ;  for  which 
offence  she  was  taken  by  the  police  to  the 
station-house  and  locked  up. 

There  are  very  few  English  girls  who  can 
be  properly  termed  sailors'  women ;  most 
of  them  are  either  German  or  Irish,  I  saw 
numbers  of  German,  tall  brazen-faced  wo- 
men, dressed  in  gaudy  colours,  dancing  and 
pirouetting  in  a  fantastic  manner  in  a 
dancing-room  in  Eatcliff"  Highway. 

It  may  be  as  well  to  give  a  description  of 
one  of  the  dancing-rooms  frequented  by 
sailors  and  their  women. 

Passing  through  the  bar  of  the  public- 
house  you  ascend  a  flight  of  stairs  and  find 
yourself  in  a  long  room  well  lighted  by  gas. 
There  are  benches  placed  along  the  walls 
for  the  accommodation  of  the  dancers,  and 
you  will  not  fail  to  observe  the  orchestra, 
which  is  well  worthy  of  attention.  It  con- 
sists, in  the  majority  of  cases,  of  iour  musi- 
cians,   bearded  sha.ggy-looking   foreigners, 


LONVGN  LABOUR  AND  TlW  LONDON  POOH. 


229 


probably  Germans,  including  a  fiddle,  a 
cornet,  and  two  fifes  or  flutes.  The  or- 
chestra is  usually  penned  up  in  a  corner  of 
the  room,  and  placed  upon  a  dais  or  raised 
desk,  to  get  upon  which  you  ascend  two 
steps  ;  the  front  is  boarded  up  with  deal, 
only  leaving  a  small  door  at  one  end  to 
admit  the  performers,  for  whose  conve- 
nience either  a  bench  is  erected  or  chairs 
supplied.  There  is  a  little  ledge  to  place 
the  music  on,  which  is  as  often  as  not  em- 
bellished with  pewter  pots.  The  music 
itself  is  striking  in  the  extreme,  and  at  all 
events  exhilarating  in  the  highest  degree. 
The  shrill  notes  of  the  fifes,  and  the  braying 
of  the  trumpet  in  very  quick  time,  rouses  the 
excitement  of  the  dancers,  until  they  whirl 
round  in  the  waltz  with  the  greatest  ve- 
locity. 

I  was  much  struck  by  the  way  in  which 
the  various  dances  were  executed.  In  the 
first  place,  the  utmost  decorum  prevailed, 
nor  did  I  notice  the  slightest  tendency  to 
indecency.  Polkas  and  waltzes  seemed  to 
be  the  favourites,  and  the  steps  were  mar- 
vellously well  done,  considering  the  posi- 
tion and  education,  of  the  company.  In 
many  cases  there  was  an  exhibition  of 
grace  and  natural  ease  that  no  one  would 
have  supposed  possible  ;  but  this  was  ob- 
servable more  amongst  foreigners  than 
Enghsh.  The  generality  of  the  women 
had  not  the  slightest  idea  of  dancing. 
There  was  very  little  beauty  abroad  that 
night,  at  least  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Ratclifi"  Highway.  It  might  have  been 
hiding  under  a  bushel,  but  it  was  not 
patent  to  a  casual  observer.  Yet  I  must 
acknowledge  there  was  something  pre- 
j)Ossessing  about  the  countenances  of  the 
women,  which  is  more  than  could  be  said 
of  the  men.  It  might  have  been  a  com- 
pound of  resignation,  indifference,  and 
recklessness,  through  all  of  which  phases  of 
her  career  a  prostitute  must  go  ;  nor  is  she 
thoroughly  inured  to  her  vocation  until 
they  have  been  experienced,  and  are  in  a 
manner  mingled  together.  There  was  a 
certain  innate  delicacy  about  those  women, 
too,  highly  commendable  to  its  possessors. 
Tt  was  not  the  artificial  refinement  of  the 
West-end,  nothing  of  the  sort,  but  genuine 
womanly  feeling.  They  did  not  look  as  if 
they  had  come  there  for  x^leasure  exactly, 
they  appeared  too  business-like  for  that; 
but  they  did  seem  as  if  they  would  like, 
and  intended,  to  unite  the  two,  business 
and  pleasure,  and  enjoy  them  selves  as  much 
as  the  circumstances  would  allow.  They 
do  not  dress  in  the  dancing-room,  they 
attire  themselves  at  home,  and  walk 
through  the  streets  in  their  ball  costume, 


without  their  bonnets,  but  as  they  do  not 
live  far  oflf  this  is  not  thought  much  of.  1 
remarked  several  women  unattached  sitting 
by  themselves,  in  one  place  as  many  as 
half-a-dozen. 

The  faces  of  the  sailors  were  vacant, 
stupid,  and  beery.  I  could  not  help  think- 
ing one  man  I  saw  at  the  Prussian  Eagle 
a  perfect  Caliban  in  his  way.  There  was 
an  expression  of  owlish  cunning  about  his 
heavy-looking  features  that,  imitiug  with 
the  drunken  leer  sitting  on  his  huge  mouth. 


made  him  look  but  a  "  very  indifierent 
monster." 

I  noticed  a  sprinkling  of  coloured  men 
and  a  few  thorough  negroes  scattered  about 
here  and  there. 

The  sergeant  chanced  to  be  in  search  of 
a  woman  named  Harrington,  who  had  com- 
mitted a  felony,  and  in  the  execution  of 
his  duty  he  was  obliged  to  search  some 
notorious  brothels  that  he  thought  might 
harbour  the  delinquent. 

We  entered  a  house  in  Frederick  Street 
(which  is  full  of  brothels,  almost  every 
house  being  used  for  an  immoral  purpose). 
But  the  object  of  our  search  was  not  there, 
and  we  proceeded  to  Brunswick  Street, 
more  generally  known  in  the  neighbourhood 
and  to  the  police  as  "  Tiger  Bay  ;"  the  in- 
habitants and  frequenters  of  which  place 
are  very  often  obliged  to  enter  an  involun- 
tary appearance  in  the  Thames  police 
court.  Tiger  Bay,  like  Frederick  Street,  is 
full  of  brothels  and  thieves'  lodging  houses. 
We  entered  No.  6,  accompanied  by  two 
policemen  in  uniform,  who  happened  to  be 
on  duty  at  the  entrance  to  the  place,  as 
they  wished  to  apprehend  a  criminal  whom 
they  had  reason  to  believe  would  resort 
for  shelter,  after  the  night's  debauch,  to 
one  of  the  dens  in  the  Bay.  We  failed  to 
find  the  man  the  police  wanted,  but  on 
descending  to  the  kitchen,  we  discovered 
a  woman  sitting  on  a  chair,  evidently 
waiting  up  for  some  one. 

"That  woman,"  said  the  sergeant,  "is 
one  of  the  lowest  class  we  have  ;  she  is  not 
only  a  common  prostitute  herself,  and  a 
companion  of  ruffians  and  thieves,  but  the 
servant  of  prostitutes  and  low  characters 
as  debased  as  herself,  with  the  exception 
of  their  being  waited  upon  by  her." 

We  afterwards  searched  two  houses  on 
the  opposite  side  of  the  way.  The  rooms 
occupied  by  the  women  and  their  sailors 
were  larger  and  more  roomy  than  I  ex- 
pected to  find  them.  The  beds  were  what 
are  called  "  fourposters,"  and  in  some  in- 
stances were  surrounded  with  faded,  dirty- 
looking,  chintz  curtains.  There  was  the 
usual  amount   of  cheap   crockery   on  the 


230 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


mantel-pieces,  whicli  were  surmounted  with 
a  small  looking-glass  in  a  rosewood  or  gilt 
frame.  When  the  magic  word  "  Police " 
was  uttered,  the  door  flew  open,  as  the 
door  of  the  robbers'  cave  swung  back  on 
its  hinges  when  Ali  Baba  exclaimed  "  Se- 
same." A  few  seconds  were  allowed  for 
the  person  who  opened  the  door  to  retire 
to  the  couch,  and  then  our  visual  circuit 
of  the  chamber  took  place.  The  sailors 
did  not  evince  any  signs  of  hostility  at  our 
somewhat  unwarrantable  intrusion,  and 
wo  in  every  case  made  our  exit  peacefull}^, 
but  without  finding  the  felonious  woman 
we  were  in  search  of ;  which  might  cause 
sceptical  people  to  regard  her  as  slightly 
apocryphal,  but  in  reality  such  was  not 
the  case,  and  in  all  probability  by  this 
time  justice  has  claimed  her  own. 

A  glance  at  the  interior  of  the  Horse  and 
Leaping  Bar  concluded  our  nocturnal  wan- 
derings. This  public-house  is  one  of  the 
latest  in  the  district,  and  holds  out  accom- 
modation for  man  and  beast  till  the  small 
hours  multiply  themselves  considerably. 

Most  of  the  foreign  women  talk  English 
pretty  well,  some  excellently,  some  of  course 
imperfectly ;  their  proficiency  depending 
upon  the  length  of  their  stay  in  the  country. 
A  German  woman  told  me  the  following 
story  : — 

"I  have  been  in  England  nearly  six 
years.  When  I  came  over  I  could  not  speak 
a  word  of  your  language,  but  I  associated 
with  my  own  countrymen.  Now  I  talk  the 
English  well,  as  well  as  any,  and  I  go  with 
the  British  sailor.  1  am  here  to-night  in 
this  house  of  dancing  with  a  sailor  English, 
and  I  have  known  him  two  week.  His  ship 
is  in  docks,  and  will  not  sail  for  one  month 
from  this  time  I  am  now  speaking.  I  knew 
him  before,  one  years  ago  and  a  half.  He 
always  lives  with  me  when  he  come  on 
shore.  He  is  nice  man  and  give  me  all  his 
money  when  he  land  always.  I  take  all 
his  money  while  he  with  me,  and  not  spend 
it  quick  as  some  of  your  English  women  do. 
If  1  not  to  take  care,  he  would  spend  all  in 
one  week.  Sailor  boy  always  spend  money 
like  rain  water  ;  he  throw  it  into  the  street 
and  not  care  to  pick  it  up  again,  leave  it 
for  crossing-sweeper  or  errand-boy  who  pass 
that  way,  I  give  him  little  when  he  want 
it ;  he  know  me  well  and  have  great  deal 
confidence  in  me.  I  am  honest,  and  he 
feel  he  can  trust  me.  Suppose  he  have 
twenty-four  pound  when  he  leave  his  ship, 
and  he  stay  six  week  on  land,  he  will  spend 
with  me  fifteen  or  twenty,  and  he  will  give 
me  what  left  when  he  leave  me,  and  we 
amuse  ourself  and  keep  both  ourself  with 
the  rest.     It  very  bad  for  sailor  to  keep 


his  money  himself;  he  will  fall  into  bad 
hands  ;  he  will  go  to  ready-made  outfitter 
or  slop-seller,  who  will  sell  him  clothes 
dreadful  dear  and  ruin  him.  I  know  very 
many  sailors — six,  eight,  ten,  oh  !  more 
than  that.  They  are  my  husbands.  I  am 
not  married,  of  course  not,  but  they  think 
me  their  wife  while  they  are  on  shore.  I 
do  not  care  much  for  any  of  them  ;  I  have 
a  lover  of  my  own,  he  is  waiter  in  a  lodging 
and  006*00  house  ;  Germans  keep  it ;  he  is 
German  and  he  comes  from  Berlin,  which 
is  my  town  also.     I  is  born  there." 

Shadwell,  Spitalfields,  and  contiguous 
districts  are  infested  with  nests  of  brothels 
as  well  as  Whitechapel.  To  attract  sailors, 
women  and  music  must  be  provided  for 
their  amusement.  In  High  Street,  Shad- 
well,  there  are  many  of  these  houses,  one 
of  the  most  notorious  of  which  is  called 
The  White  Swan,  or,  more  commonly, 
Paddy's  Goose ;  the  owner  of  which  is 
reported  to  make  money  in  more  ways 
than  one.  Brothel-keeping  is  a  favourite 
mode  of  investing  money  in  this  neighbour- 
hood. Some  few  years  ago  a  man  called 
James  was  prosecuted  for  having  altogether 
thirty  brothels ;  and  although  he  was  con- 
victed, the  nuisance  was  by  no  means  in 
the  slightest  degree  abated,  as  the  informer, 
by  name  Brooks,  has  them  all  himself  at 
the  present  time. 

There  are  two  other  well-known  houses 
in  High  Street,  Shadwell— The  Three 
Crowns,  and  The  Grapes,  the  latter  not 
being  licensed  for  dancing. 

Paddy's  Goose  is  perhaps  the  most 
popular  house  in  the  parish.  It  is  also 
very  well  thought  of  in  high  quarters. 
During  the  Crimean  war,  the  landlord,  when 
the  Government  wanted  sailors  to  man  the 
fleet,  went  among  the  shipping  in  the  river, 
and  enlisted  numbers  of  men.  His  system 
of  recruiting  was  very  successful.  He  went 
about  in  a  small  steamer  with  a  band  of 
music  and  flags,  streamers  and  colours 
flying.  All  this  rendered  him-popular  with 
the  Admiralty  authorities,  and  made  his 
house  extensively  known  to  the  sailors,  and 
those  connected  with  them. 

Inspector  Price,  under  whose  supervision 
the  low  lodging-houses  in  that  part  of 
London  are  placed,  most  obligingly  took 
me  over  one  of  the  lowest  lodging-houses, 
and  one  of  the  best,  forming  a  strange 
contrast,  and  both  presenting  an  admirable 
example  of  the  capital  working  of  the  most 
excellent  Act  that  regulates  them.  Wc 
went  into  a  large  room,  with  a  huge  fire 
blazing  cheerily  at  the  furthest  extremity, 
around  which  were  grouped  some  ten  or 
twelve  people,  others  were  scattered  over 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


231 


various  parts  of  the  room.  The  attitudes 
of  most  were  listless ;  none  seemed  to  be 
reading  ;  one  was  cooking  his  supper  ;  a  few 
amused  themselves  by  criticising  us,  and 
canvassing  as  to  the  motives  of  our  visit, 
and  our  appearance  altogether.  The  in- 
spector was  well  known  to  the  keeper  of 
the  place,  who  treated  him  with  the  utmost 
civility  and  respect.  The  greatest  clean- 
liness prevailed  everywhere.  Any  one  was 
admitted  to  this  house  who  could  command 
the  moderate  sum  of  threepence.  I  was 
informed  those  who  frequented  it  were, 
for  the  most  part,  prostitutes  and  thieves. 
That  is  thieves  and  their  associates.  No 
questions  were  asked  of  those  who  paid 
their  money  and  claimed  a  night's  lodging 
in  return.  The  establishment  contained 
forty  beds.  There  were  two  floors.  The 
first  was  divided  into  little  boxes  by  means 
of  deal  boards,  and  set  apart  for  married 
people,  or  those  who  represented  themselves 
to  be  so.  Of  course,  as  the  sum  paid  for 
the  night's  lodging  was  so  small,  the  lodgers 
could  not  expect  clean  sheets,  which  were 
only  supplied  once  a  week.  The  sheets 
were  indeed  generally  black,  or  very  dirty. 
How  could  it  be  otherwise?  The  men 
were  often  in  a  filthy  state,  and  quite  un- 
accustomed to  anything  like  cleanliness, 
from  which  they  were  as  far  as  from  godli- 
ness. The  floors  and  the  surroundings 
were  clean,  and  highly  creditable  to  the 
management  upstairs  ;  the  beds  were  not 
crowded  together,  but  spread  over  the 
surface  in  rows,  being  a  certain  distance 
from  one  another.  Many  of  them  were 
already  occupied,  although  it  w^as  not  eleven 
o'clock,  and  the  house  is  generally  full 
before  morning.  The  ventilation  was  very 
complete,  and  worthy  of  attention.  There 
were  several  ventilators  on  each  side  of  the 
room,  but  not  in  the  roof — all  were  placed 
in  the  side. 

The  next  house  we  entered  was  more 
aristocratic  in  appearance.  You  entered 
through  some  glass  doors,  and  going  along 
a  small  passage  found  yourself  in  a  large 
apartment,  long  and  narrow,  resembling  a 
coffee-room.  The  price  of  admission  was 
precisely  the  same,  but  the  frequenters 
were  chiefly  working  men,  sometimes  men 
from  the  docks,  respectable  mechanics,  &c. 
No  suspicious  characters  were  admitted  by 
the  proprietor  on  any  pretence,  and  he  by 
this  means  kept  his  house  select.  Several 
men  were  seated  in  the  compartments 
reading  newspapers,  of  which  there  appeared 
to  be  an  abundance.  The  accommodation 
was  very  good,  and  everything  reflected 
great  credit  upon  the  police,  who  seem  to 
have  the  most  unlimited  jurisdiction,  and 


complete  control  over  the  low  people  and 
places  in  the  East-end  of  London. 

Bluegate  fields  is  nothing  more  or  less 
than  a  den  of  thieves,  prostitutes,  and 
ruffians  of  the  lowest  description.  Yet  the 
police  penetrate  unarmed  without  the 
slightest  trepidation.  There  I  witnessed 
sights  that  the  most  morbid  novelist  has 
described,  but  which  have  been  too  horrible 
for  those  who  have  never  been  on  the  spot 
to  believe.  We  entered  a  house  in  Victoria 
Place,  running  out  of  Bluegate,  that  had 
no  street-door,  and  penetrating  a  small 
passage  found  ourselves  in  a  kitchen,  where 
the  landlady  was  sitting  over  a  miserable 
coke  fire  ;  near  her  there  was  a  girl,  haggard 
and  woe-begone.  We  put  the  usual  ques- 
tion. Is  there  any  one  upstairs  ?  And  on 
being  told  that  the  rooms  were  occupied, 
we  ascended  to  the  first  floor,  which  was 
divided  into  four  small  rooms.  The  house 
was  only  a  two-storied  one.  The  woman 
of  the  place  informed  me,  she  paid  five 
shillings  a-week  rent,  and  charged  the  prosti- 
tutes who  lodged  with  her  four  shillings  a- 
week  for  the  miserable  apartments  she  had 
to  offer  for  their  accommodation ;  but  as 
the  shipping  in  the  river  was  very  slack 
just  now,  times  were  hard  with  her. 

The  house  was  a  wretched  tumble-down 
hovel,  and  the  poor  woman  complained 
bitterly  that  her  landlord  would  make  no 
repairs.  The  first  room  we  entered  con- 
tained a  Lascar,  who  had  come  over  in  some 
vessel,  and  his  woman.  There  was  a  sickly 
smell  in  the  chamber,  that  I  discovered 
proceeded  from  the  opium  he  had  been 
smoking.  There  was  not  a  chair  to  be 
seen  ;  nothing  but  a  table,  upon  which  were 
placed  a  few  odds-and-ends.  The  Lascar 
was  lying  on  a  palliasse  placed  upon  the 
floor  (there  was  no  bedstead),  apparently 
stupefied  from  the  effects  of  the  opium  he 
had  been  taking.  A  couple  of  old  tattered 
blankets  sufficed  to  cover  him.  By  his  bed- 
side sat  his  woman,  who  was  half  idioti- 
cally endeavouring  to  derive  some  stupe- 
faction fron  the  ashes  he  had  left  in  his 
pipe.  Her  face  was  grimy  and  unwashed, 
and  her  hands  so  black  and  filthy  that 
mustard-and-cress  might  have  been  sown 
successfully  upon  them.  As  she  was  hud- 
dled up  with  her  back  against  the  wall  she 
appeared  an  animated  bundle  of  rags.  She 
was  apparently  a  powerfully  made  woman, 
and  although  her  face  was  wrinkled  and 
careworn,  she  did  not  look  exactly  decrepit, 
but  more  like  one  thoroughly  broken  down 
in  spirit  than  in  body.  In  all  probability 
she  was  diseased  ;  and  the  disease  commu- 
nicated by  the  Malays,  Lascars,  and  Orien- 
tals generally,  is  said  to  be  the  most  fright- 


232 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TBE  LONDON  POOH, 


fill  form  of  lues  to  be  met  with  in  Europe. 

It  goes  by  the  name  of  the  Dry ,  and 

is  much  dreaded  by  all  the  women  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  the  docks.  Leaving  this 
wretched  couple,  who  were  too  much  over- 
come with  the  fumes  of  opium  to  answer 
an}'  questions,  we  went  into  another  room, 
which  should  more  correctly  be  called  a 
hole.  There  was  not  an  atom  of  furniture 
in  it,  nor  a  bed,  and  yet  it  contained  a 
Yv^oman.  This  woman  was  lying  on  the 
floor,  with  not  even  a  bundle  of  straw  be- 
neath her,  rapped  up  in  what  appeared  to 
be  a  shawl,  but  which  might  have  been 
taken  for  the  dress  of  a  scarecrow  feloni- 
ously abstracted  from  a  corn-field,  without 
any  very  great  stretch  of  the  imagination. 
She  started  up  as  we  kicked  open  the  door 
that  was  loose  on  its  hinges,  and  did  not 
shut  properly,  creaking  strangely  on  its 
rusty  hinges  as  it  swung  sullenly  back. 
Her  face  was  shrivelled  and  famine-stricken, 
hor  eyes  bloodshot  and  glaring,  her  features 
disfigured  slightly  with  disease,  and  her 
hair  dishevelled,  tangled,  and  matted.  More 
like  a  beast  in  his  lair  than  a  human  being 
in  her  home  was  this  woman.  We  spoke 
to  her,  and  from  her  replies  concluded  she 
was  an  Irishwoman.  She  said  she  was 
charged  nothing  for  the  place  she  slept  in. 
She  cleaned  out  the  water-closets  in  the 
daytime,  and  for  these  services  she  was 
given  a  lodging  gratis. 

The  next  house  we  entered  was  in  Blue- 
gate  Fields  itself.  Four  women  occupied 
the  kitchen  on  the  ground-floor.  They 
were  waiting  for  their  men,  probably  thieves. 
They  had  a  can  of  beer,  which  they  passed 
from  one  to  the  other.  The  woman  of  the 
house  had  gone  out  to  meet  her  husband, 
who  was  to  be  liberated  from  prison  that 
night,  having  been  imprisoned  for  a  bur- 
glary three  years  ago,  his  term  of  incarcera- 
tion happening  to  end  that  day.  His  friends 
were  to  meet  at  his  house  and  celebrate  his 
return  by  an  orgie,  when  all  of  them,  we 
were  told,  hoped  to  be  bhnd  drunk  ;  and, 
added  the  girl  who  volunteered  the  infor- 
mation, "None  of  'em  didn't  care  dam  for 
police."  She  was  evidently  anticipating  the 
happy  state  of  inebriety  she  had  just  been 
predicting. 

One  of  the  houses  a  few  doors  off  con- 
tained a  woman  well  known  to  the  police, 
and  rather  notorious  on  account  of  her 
having  attempted  to  drown  herself  three 
times.  Wishing  to  see  her,  the  inspector 
took  me  to  the  house  she  lived  in,  which 
was  kept  by  an  Irishwoman,  the  greatest 
hypocrite  I  ever  met  with.  She  was  in- 
tensely civil  to  the  inspector,  who  had  once 
convicted  her  for  allowing  three  women  to 


sleep  in  one  bed,  and  she  was  fined  five 
pounds,  all  which  she  told  us  with  the  most 
tedious  circumstantiality,  vowing,  as  "  shure 
as  the  Almighty  God  was  sitting  on  his 
throne,"  she  did  it  out  of  charity,  or  she 
wished  she  might  never  speak  no  more. 
"These  gals,"  she  said,  "comes  to  me  in 
the  night  and  swears  (as  I  knows  to  bo 
true)  they  has  no  place  where  to  put  their 
heads,  and  foxes  they  has  holes,  likewise 
birds  of  the  air,  which  it's  a  mortial  shame 
as  they  is  better  provided  for  and  against 
than  them  that's  tiesh  and  blood  Christians. 
And  one  night  I  let  one  in,  when  having 
no  bed  you  see  empty  I  bundled  them  in  to- 
gether. Police  they  came  and  I  was  fined 
five  pounds,  which  I  borrowed  from  ilrs. 
Wilson  what  lives  close  to — five  golden 
sovereigns,  as  I'm  alive,  and  they  took  them 
all,  which  I've  paid  back  two  bob  a  week 
since,  and  I  don't  owe  no  one  soul  not  a 
brass  farthing,  which  it's  all  as  thrue  as 
Christ's  holiness,  let  alone  his  blessed 
gospel."  The  woman  we  came  to  see  v/ns 
called  China  Emma,  or  by  her  intimate 
associates  Chaney  Emm.  She  was  short  in 
stature,  rather  stout,  with  a  pale  face  ut- 
terly expressionless ;  her  complexion  was 
blonde.  There  was  a  look  almost  of  vacuity 
about  her,  but  her  replies  to  my  questions 
were  lucid,  and  denoted  that  she  was  only 
naturally  slow  and  stupid. 

"My  father  and  mother,"  she  said,  "kept 
a  grocer's  shop  in  Goswell  Street.  Mother 
died  when  I  was  twelve  years  old,  and  father 
took  to  drinking.  In  three  years  he  lost 
his  shop,  and  in  a  while  killed  himself, 
what  with  the  drink  and  one  thing  and 
another.  I  went  to  live  with  a  sister  who 
was  bad,  and  in  about  a  year  she  went 
away  with  a  man  and  left  mo.  I  could  not 
get  any  work,  never  having  been  taught 
any  trade  or  that.  One  day  I  met  a  sailor, 
who  was  very  good  to  me.  I  lived  with 
him  as  his  wife,  and  when  he  went  away 
drew  his  half-pay.  I  was  with  him  for  six 
years.  Then  he  died  of  yellow  fever  in  the 
West  Indies,  and  I  heard  no  more  of  him. 
I  know  he  did  not  cut  me,  for  one  of  his 
mates  brought  me  a  silver  snuft-box  he 
used  to  carry  his  quids  in,  which  he  sent 
me  when  he  was  at  his  last.  Then  I  lived 
for  a  bit  in  Angel  Gardens;  after  that  I 
went  to  Gravel  Lane;  and  now  I'm  in 
Bluegate  Fields.  When  I  came  here  I  met 
with  a  Chinaman  calledAppoo.  He's  abroad 
now,  but  he  sends  me  money.  I  got  two 
pounds  from  him  only  the  other  day.  He 
often  sends  me  the  needful.  When  he  was 
over  here  last  we  lived  in  Gregory's  Rents. 
I've  lived  in  Victoria  Place  and  New  Court, 
all  about  Bluegate.    Appoo  only  used  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUB  LONDON  POOR. 


233 


treat  me  badly  when  I  got  drunk.  I  always 
get  drunk  when  I've  a  chance  to.  Appoo 
used  to  tie  my  legs  and  arms  and  take  me 
into  the  street.  He'd  throw  me  into  the 
gutter,  and  then  he'd  throw  buckets  of 
water  over  mo  till  I  was  wet  through  ;  but 
that  didn't  cure  ;  I  don't  beheve  anything 
would  ;  I'd  die  for  the  drink ;  I  must  have 
it,  and  I  don't  care  what  I  does  to  get  it. 
I've  tried  to  kill  myself  more  nor  once.  I 
have  fits  at  times — melancholy  fits— and  I 
don't  know  what  to  do  with  myself.  I 
wish  I  was  dead,  and  I  run  to  the  water 
and  throw  myself  in ;  but  I've  no  luck  ;  I 
never  had  since  I  was  a  child— oh  !  ever  so 
little.  I's  alv/ays  picked  out.  _  Once  _  I 
jumped  out  of  a  first-floor  window  in 
Jamaica  Place  into  the  river,  but  a  boat- 
man coming  by  hooked  me  up,  and  the 
magistrate  give  me  a  month.  The  missus 
here  (naming  the  woman  who  ke-pt  the 
place)  wants  me  to  go  to  a  refuge  or  home, 
or  something  of  that.     P'raps  I  shall." 

The  Irishwoman  here  broke  in,  exclaim- 
ing— 

"And  so  she  shall.  I've  got  three  or 
four  poor  gals  into  the  refuge,  and  I'll  get 
Chancy  Emm,  as  shure  as  the  Almighty 
God's  sitting  on  his  throne."  (This  was  a 
favourite  exclamation  of  hers.)  "I  kee^DS 
her  very  quiet  here  ;  she  never  sees  no 
one,  nor  tastes  a  drop  of  gin,  which  she 
shouldn't  have  to  save  her  blessed  life,  if 
it  were  to  be  saved  by  nothink  else  ;  least- 
ways, it  should  be  but  a  taste.  It's  ruined 
her  has  drink.  When  she  got  the  money 
Appoo  sent  her  the  other  day  or  two  back, 
I  took  it  all,  and  laid  it  out  for  her,  but 
never  a  drop  of  the  crater  passed  down 
Chaney  En^m's  lips." 

This  declaration  of  the  avaricious  old 
woman  was  easily  credible,  except  the  lay- 
ing out  the  money  for  her  victim's  advan- 
tage. The  gin,  in  all  probability,  if  any 
had  been  bought,  had  been  monopolized  in 
another  quarter,  where  it  was  equally  ac- 
ceptable. As  to  the  woman's  seeing  no  one, 
the  idea  was  preposterous.  The  old  woman's 
charity,  as  is  commonly  the  case,  began  at 
home,  and  went  very  little  further.  If  she 
were  excluded  from  men's  society  she  must 
have  been  much  diseased. 

I  find  the  women  who  cohabit  with 
sailors  are  not,  as  a  body,  disorderly,  al- 
though there  may  be  individuals  who  habi- 
tually give  themselves  up  to  insubordina- 
tion. I  take  them  to  be  the  reverse  of 
careful,  for  they  are  at  times  well  off,  but 
at  others,  through  their  improvidence  and 
the  slackness  of  the  shipping,  immersed  in 
poverty.  The  supply  of  women  is  fully 
equal  to  the  demand  ;  but  as  the  demand 


fluctuates  so  much  I  do  not  think  the 
market  can  be  said  to  be  overstocked. 
They  are  unintelligent  and  below  the 
average  of  intellectuality  among  prosti- 
tutes, though  perhaps  on  a  par  with  the 
men  with  whom  they  cohabit. 

Soldiers*  Women. 

The  evil  effects  of  the  want  of  some 
system  to  regulate  prostitution  in  England, 
is  perhaps  more  shown  amongst  the  army 
than  any  other  class.  Syphilis  is  very 
prevalent  among  soldiers,  although  the 
disease  is  not  so  virulent  as  it  was  formerly. 
That  is,  we  do  not  see  examples  of  the  loss 
of  the  palate  or  part  of  the  cranium,  as 
specimens  extant  in  our  museums  show  us 
was  formerly  the  case.  The  women  who 
are  patronized  by  soldiers  are,  as  a  matter 
of  course,  very  badly  paid ;  for  how  can  a 
soldier  out  of  his  very  scanty  allowance, 
generally  little  exceeding  a  shilling  a  day, 
afford  to  supply  a  woman  with  means  ade- 
quate for  her  existence?  It  follows  from 
this  state  of  things,  that  a  woman  may,  or 
more  correctly  must,  be  intimate  with  seve- 
ral men  in  one  evening,  and  supposing  her 
to  be  tainted  with  disease,  as  many  men  as 
she  may  chance  to  pick  up  during  the 
course  of  her  peregrinations,  will  be  in- 
capacitated from  serving  her  Majesty  for 
several  weeks. 

The  following  quotation  from  Mr.  Acton's 
book  will  suffice  to  show  what  I  mean.  He 
is  speaking  of  a  particular  regiment. 

"In  1851,  Dr.  Gordon,  surgeon  to  the 
57th,  read  a  paper  before  the  Surgical 
Society  of  Ireland,  in  which  he  states, 
(see  'Dublin  Medical  Press,'  February 
26th,  1851,)  that  during  the  year  ending 
31st  March,  1850,  the  following  number, 
out  of  an  average  strength  of  408  men, 
were  treated  for  venereal  diseases  in  the 
head-quarters  hospital — 

"  Number  admitted  .  ,  .  113 
Number  of  days  in  hospital  2519 
Amount  of  soldiers'  pay     .  £136  10     9 

"  At  the  first  blush,  the  economist  would 
be  apt  to  imagine  that  a  very  large  sum  of 
money  is  lost  to  the  state  annually  by  the 
inroads  of  syphilis.  It  is  but  fair  to  state 
that  this  is  not  the  case,  as  tenpence  a 
day  is  stopped  from  each  man's  pay  while 
he  is  in  hospital,  so  that  about  five-sixths 
of  his  wages  are  recovered.  The  actual  Iosf 
to  the  country  is  his  time,  which,  however 
during  peace,  is  non-productive. 

"  From  the  statistical  reports  on  the  sick- 
ness, mortality,  and  invaliding  among  the 
troops  in  the  United  Kingdom,  the  Medi- 
terranean, and  British  America,  presented  to 


234 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


Parliament  some  years  ago  (1839),  it 
would  appear  that  syphilis  is  a  fatal  enemy 
to  the  British  soldier. 

"  Total  cases  during  seven  and  a  quarter 

years        8,072 

Total  aggregate  strength  for  do.   44,6 1 1 
Annual  mean  strength  for  ditto     0,153 
"  Thus  181  per  1000,  or  about  one  man  in 
five  appear  to  have  been  attacked: 

"  Let  us  compare  this  with  the  following 
statistics  extracted  from  a  report  on  army 
diseases  from  1837  to  1847. 
"  Aggregate  strength : 

Cavalry 54,374 

Foot-guards      ....       40,120 
Infantry 1G0,103 


Total  254,597 

"  Extent  of  venereal  disease  : 

Cavalry 11,205 

Foot-guards      ....       10,043 
Infantry 44,435 


Deaths 


Total  G5,683 
...     17 


"Number  of  men  per  1000  of  strength 
admitted  during  ten  years  : 

"Cavalry  .  " 206 

Foot-guards 250 

Infantry  .     • 277 

"  This  report  was  drawn  up  by  Dr.  Balfour 
and  Sir  Alexander  Tulloch,  and  the  reason 
that  a  distinction  is  made  between  the 
line  and  the  foot-guards,  is  that  the  line 
contains  a  large  num.ber  of  recruits  and 
men  returning  from  foreign  service,  whereas 
in  the  foot-guards,  there  is  usually  a  much 
greater  proportion  of  soldiers  who  have 
arrived  at  maturity,  on  the  one  hand,  and 
who,  on  the  other,  have  not  served  in 
foreign  climates.  As  these  circumstances 
were  likely  to  have  affected  the  amount  of 
sickness  and  mortality,  the  returns  of  the 
two  classes  were  kept  distinct  and  separate 
in  preparing  the  tables. 

"Few  infected  soldiers  escape  notice,  as 
health  inspections  are  made  once  a  week, 
which  is  the  general  rule  in  the  service.  If 
a  soldier  is  found  at  inspection  to  be  labour- 
ing under  disease,  he  is  reported  for  hav- 
ing concealed  it  to  his  superior  officer, 
who  orders  him  punishment  drill  on  his 
discharge  from  hospital.  In  order  to  in- 
duce him  to  apply  early  for  relief,  the 
soldier  is  told  that  if  he  do  so,  he  may  pro- 
bably be  only  a  few  days  instead  of  several 
weeks  under  treatment. 


"  It  is  contrary  to  the  rules  of  the  service, 
to  treat  men  out  of  hospital ;  even  were  it 
otherwise,  the  habits  of  the  soldier,  and 
the  accommodation  in  barracks,  would  not 
favour  celerity  of  cure."* 

In  the  brigade  of  Guards,  though  the 
average  of  syphilis  primitiva  is  heavy,  as 
above  stated,  only  11  per  cent,  of  the  cases 
are  followed  by  secondary  symptoms,  which, 
however,  follow  33  per  cent,  of  the  cases  in 
the  line.  Dr.  Balfour  says  a  mild  mercurial 
system  is  usually  pursued  in  the  army  ;  and 
indeed  mercury  by  many  surgeons  is  held 
absolutely  necessary  for  hard,  or  Hunterian 
chancres. 

A  woman  was  pointed  out  to  me  in  a 
Music  Hall  in  Knightsbridge,  who  my  in- 
formant told  me  he  was  positively  assured 
had  only  yesterday  had  two  buboes  lanced  ; 
and  yet  she  was  present  at  that  scene  of 
apparent  festivity,  contaminating  the  very 
air,  like  a  deadly  upas  tree,  and  poisoning 
the  blood  of  the  nation,  with  the  most 
audacious  recklessness.  It  is  useless  to 
say  that  such  things  should  not  be.  They 
exist,  and  they  will  exist.  The  woman  was 
nothing  better  than  a  paid  murderess,  com- 
mitting crime  with  impunity.  She  was  so 
well  known  that  she  had  obtained  the  sou- 
briquet of  the  "  hospital "  as  she  was  so 
frequently  an  inmate  of  one,  and  as  she 
so  often  sent  others  to  a  similar  involun- 
tary confinement. 

Those  women  who,  for  the  sake  of  dis- 
tinguishing them  from  the  professionals,  I 
must  call  amateurs,  are  generally  spoken  of 
as  "  Doilymops."  Now  many  servant-maids, 
nurse-maids  who  go  with  children  into 
the  Parks,  shop  girls  and  milliners  who 
may  be  met  with  at  the  various  "  dancing 
academies,"  so  called,  are  "Doilymops." 
We  must  separate  these  latter  again 
from  the  "  Demoiselle  de  Comptoir,"  who 
is  just  as  much  in  point  of  fact  a  "  Dol- 
lymop,"  because  she  prostitutes  herself 
for  her  own  pleasure,  a  few  trifling  pre- 
sents or  a  little  money  now  and  then,  and 
not  altogether  to  maintain  herself.  But 
she  will  not  go  to  casinos,  or  any  similar 
places  to  pick  up  men  ;  she  makes  their 
acquaintance  in  a  clandestine  manner : 
either  she  is  accosted  in  the  street  early  in 
the  evening  as  she  is  returning  from  her 
place  of  business  to  her  lodgings,  or  she 
carries  on  a  flirtation  behind  the  counter, 
which,  as  a  matter  of  course,  ends  in  an 
assignation. 

Soldiers  are  notorious  for  hunting  up 
these  women,  especially  nurse-maids  and 
those  that  in  the  execution  of  their  duty 

*  Acton. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


235 


walk  in  the  Parks,  when  they  may  easily 
be  accosted.  Nurse-maids  feel  flattered  by 
the  attention  that  is  lavished  upon  them, 
and  are  always  ready  to  succumb  to  the 
"  scarlet  fever."  A  red  coat  is  all  powerful 
with  this  class,  who  prefer  a  soldier  to  a 
servant,  or  any  other  description  of  man 
they  come  in  contact  with. 

This  also  answers  the  soldier's  purpose 
equally  well.  He  cannot  afford  to  employ 
professional  women  to  gratify  his  passions, 
and  if  he  were  to  do  so,  he  must  make  the 
acquaintance  of  a  very  low  set  of  women, 
who  in  all  probability  will  communicate 
some  infectious  disease  to  him.  He  feels 
he  is  never  safe,  and  he  is  only  too  glad  to 
seize  the  opportunity  of  forming  an  in- 
timacy with  a  woman  who  will  appreciate 
him  for  his  own  sake,  cost  him  nothing  but 
the  trouble  of  taking  her  about  occasionally, 
and  who,  whatever  else  she  may  do,  will 
never  by  any  chance  infect.  I  heard  that 
some  of  the  privates  in  the  Blues  and  the 
brigade  of  Guards  often  formed  very  repre- 
hensible connections  with  women  of  pro- 
perty, tradesmen's  wives,  and  even  ladies, 
who  supplied  them  with  money,  and  be- 
haved with  the  greatest  generosity  to  them, 
only  stipulating  for  the  preservation  of  se- 
crecy in  their  intrigues.  Of  course  numbers 
of  women  throng  the  localities  which  con- 
tain the  Knightsbridge,  Albany  Street,  St. 
George's,  Portman,  and  Wellington  Bar- 
racks in  Birdcage  Walk.  They  may  have 
come  up  from  the  provinces  ;  some  women 
have  been  known  to  follow  a  particular 
regiment  from  place  to  place,  all  over  the 
country,  and  have  only  left  it  when  it  has 
been  under  orders  for  foreign  service. 

A  woman  whom  I  met  vdth  near  the 
Knightsbridge  barracks,  in  one  of  the  beer- 
houses there,  told  me  she  had  been  a  sol- 
diers' woman  all  her  life. 

"  When  I  was  sixteen,"  she  said,  "  I 
went  wrong.  I'm  up'ards  of  thirty  now.  I've 
been  fourteen  or  fifteen  years  at  it.  It's 
one  of  those  things  you  can't  well  leave  off 
when  you've  once  took  to  it.  I  was  born 
in  Chatham.  We  had  a  small  baker's  shop 
there,  and  I  served  the  customers  and 
minded  the  shop.  There's  lots  of  soldiers 
at  Chatham,  as  you  know,  and  they  used  to 
look  in  at  the  window  in  passing,  and  nod 
and  laugh  whenever  they  could  catch  my 
eye.  I  liked  to  be  noticed  by  the  soldiers. 
At  last  one  young  fellow,  a  recruit,  who 
had  not  long  joined  I  think,  for  he  told  me 
ho  hadn't  been  long  at  the  depot,  came  in 
and  talked  to  me.  Well,  this  went  on,  and 
things  fell  out  as  they  always  do  with  girls 
who  go  about  with  men,  more  especially 
soldiers,  and  when  the  regiment  went  to 


Ireland,  he  gave  me  a  little  money  that 
helped  me  to  follow  it ;  and  I  went  about 
from  place  to  place,  time  after  time,  always 
sticking  to  the  same  regiment.  My  first 
man  got  tired  of  me  in  a  year  or  two,  but 
that  didn't  matter.  I  took  up  with  a  ser- 
geant then,  which  was  a  cut  above  a  pri- 
vate, and  helped  me  on  wonderful.  When 
we  were  at  Dover,  there  was  a  militia 
permanently  embodied  artillery  regiment 
quartered  with  us  on  the  western  heights, 
and  I  got  talking  to  some  of  the  officers, 

who  liked  me  a   bit.      I  was  a sight 

prettier  then  than  I  am  now,  you  may  take 
your  dying  oath,  and  they  noticed  me  un- 
common ;  and  although  I  didn't  altogether 
cut  my  old  friends,  I  carried  on  with  these 
fellows  all  the  time  we  were  there,  and 
made  a  lot  of  money,  and  bought  better 
dresses  and  some  jewellery,  that  altered  me 
wonderful.  One  ofiicer  offered  to  keep  me 
if  I  liked  to  come  and  live  with  him.  He 
said  he  would  take  a  house  for  me  in  the 
town,  and  keep  a  pony  carriage  if  I  would 
consent ;  but  although  I  saw  it  would  make 
me  rise  in  the  world,  I  refused.  I  was  fond 
of  my  old  associates,  and  did  not  like  the 
society  of  gentlemen ;  so,  when  the  regi- 
ment left  Dover,  I  went  with  them,  and 
I  remained  with  them  till  I  was  five-and- 
twenty.  We  were  then  stationed  in 
London,  and  I  one  day  saw  a  private 
in  the  Blues  with  one  of  my  friends, 
and  for  the  first  time  in  my  life  I  fell  in 
love.  He  spoke  to  me,  and  I  immediately 
accepted  his  proposals,  left  my  old  fdends, 
and  went  to  live  in  a  new  locality,  among 
strangers ;  and  I've  been  amongst  the 
Blues  ever  since,  going  from  one  to  the 
other,  never  keeping  to  one  long,  and  not 
particleras  long  as  I  get  the  needful.  I  don't 
get  much, — very  little,  hardly  enough  to 
live  upon.  I've  done  a  little  needlework  in 
the  day-time.  I  don't  now,  although  I  do 
some  washing  and  mangling  now  and  then 
to  help  it  out.  I  don't  pay  much  for  my 
bed-room,  only  six  bob  a  week,  and  dear 
at  that.  It  ain't  much  of  a  place.  Some 
of  the  girls  about  here  live  in  houses.  I 
don't;  I  never  could  abear  it.  You  ain't 
your  own  master,  and  I  always  liked  my 
freedom.  I'm  not  comfortable  exactly  ;  it's 
a  brutal  sort  of  life  this.  It  isn't  the  sin 
of  it,  though,  that  worries  me.  I  don't  dare 
think  of  that  much,  but  I  do  think  how 
happy  I  might  have  been  if  I'd  always 
lived  at  Chatha^m,  and  married  as  other 
women  do,  and  had  a  nice  home  and 
children ;  that's  what  I  want,  and  when  I 
think  of  all  that,  I  do  cut  up.  It's  enough 
to  drive  a  woman  wild  to  think  that  she's 
given  up  all  chance  of  it.     I  feel  I'm  not 


236 


LONDON-LABOVR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


respected  either.  If  I  have  a  row  with 
any  follow,  he's  always  the  first  to  taunt 
me  with  being  what  he  and  his  friends  have 
made  me.  I  don't  feel  it  so  much  now.  I 
used  to  at  first.  One  dovetails  into  all 
that  sort  of  thing  in  time,  and  the  edge  of 
your  feelings,  as  1  may  say,  wears  off  by 
degrees.  That's  what  it  is.  And  then  the 
drink  is  very  pleasant  to  us,  and  keeps  up 
our  spirits  ;  for  what  could  a  woman  in  my 
position  do  without  spirits,  without  being 
able  to  talk  and  blackguard  and  give  every 
fellow  she  meets  as  good  as  he  brings  ?" 

It  is  easy  to  understand,  the  state  of 
mind  of  this  woman,  who  had  a  craving 
after  what  she  knew  she  never  could  pos- 
sess, but  which  the  maternal  instinct 
planted  within  her  forced  her  to  wish 
for.  This  is  one  of  the  melancholy  aspects 
of  prostitution.  It  leads  to  nothing — mar- 
riage of  course  excepted ;  the  prostitute 
has  no  future.  Her  life,  saving  the  excite- 
ment of  the  moment,  is  a  blank.  Her  hopes 
are  all  blighted,  and  if  she  has  a  vestige  of 
religion  left  in  her,  which  is  generally  the 
case,  she  must  shudder  occasionally  at  what 
she  has  merited  by  her  easy  compliance 
when  the  voice  of  the  tempter  sounded  so 
sweetly. 

The  happy  prostitute,  and  there  is  such 
a  thing,  is  either  the  thoroughly  hardened, 
clever  infidel,  who  knows  how  to  command 
men  and  use  them  for  her  own  purjooses  ; 
who  is  in  the  best  seb  both  of  men  and 
women  ;  who  frequents  the  night-houses  in 
London,  and  who  in  the  end  seldom  fails  to 
marry  well ;  or  the  quiet  woman  who  is 
kept  by  the  man  she  loves,  and  who  she 
feels  is  fond  of  her  ;  who  has  had  a  provi- 
sion made  for  her  to  guard  her  against 
want,  and  the  caprice  of  her  paramour. 

The  sensitive,  sentimental,  weak-minded, 
impulsive,  affectionate  girl,  will  go  from 
bad  to  worse,  and  die  on  a  dunghill  or  in  a 
workhouse.  A  woman  who  was  well  known 
to  cohabit  with  soldiers,  of  a  masculine 
appearance  but  good  features,  and  having 
a  good-natured  expression,  was  pointed  out 
to  me  as  the  most  violent  woman  in  the 
neighbourhood.  When  she  was  in  a  pas- 
sion she  would  demolish  everything  that 
came  in  her  way,  regardless  of  the  mischief 
she  was  doing.  She  was  standing  in  the 
bar  of  a  public-house  close  to  the  barracks 
talking  to  some  soldiers,  when  I  had  an 
opportunity  of  speaking  to  her.  I  did  not 
allow  it  to  pass  without  taking  advantage 
of  it.  I  told  her  I  had  heard  she  was  very 
passionate  and  violent. 

"  Passionate  !"  she  replied  ;  "  I  believe 
yer.  I  knocked  my  father  down  and  well- 
nigh  killed  him  with  a  flat-iron  before  I 


wor  twelve  year  old.  I  was  a  beauty  then, 
an  I  aint  improved  much  since  I've  been 
on  m}^  own  hook.  I've  had  lots  of  rows 
with  these  'ere  sodgers,  and  they'd  have 
slaughter' d  me  long  afore  now  if  I  had  not 
pretty  near  cooked  their  goose.  It's  a  good 
bit  of  it  self-defence  with  me  now-a-days, 
I  can  tell  yer.  Why,  look  here ;  look  at 
my  arm  where  I  was  run  through  with  a 
bayonet  once  three  or  four  years  ago." 

She  bared  her  arm  and  exhibited  the  scar 
of  what  appeared  to  have  once  been  a  serious 
wound. 

"  You  wants  to  know  if  them  rowses  is 
common.  Well,  they  is,  and  it's  no  good 
one  saying  they  aint,  and  the  sodgers  is 

such cowards  they  think  nothing  of 

sticking  a  woman  when  they'se  riled  and 
drunk,  or  they'll  wop  us  with  their  belts. 
I  was  hurt  awful  oust  by  a  blow  from  a 
belt ;  it  hit  me  on  the  back  part  of  the 
head,  and  I  was  laid  up  weeks  in  St. 
George's  Hospital  with  a  bad  fever..  The 
sodger  who  done  it  was  quodded,  but  only 
for  a  drag,*  and  he  swore  to  God  as  how 
he'd  do  for  me  the  next  time  as  he  comed 
across  me.  We  had  words  sure  enough, 
but  I  split  his  skull  with  a  pewter,  and 
that  shut  him  up  for  a  time.  You  see  this 
public  ;  well,  I've  smashed  up  this  place 
before  now  ;  I've  jumped  over  the  bar,  be- 
cause they  wouldn't  serve  me  without  pay- 
ing for  it  when  I  was  hard  up,  and  I've 
smashed  all  the  tumblers  and  glass,  and  set 
the  cocks  agoing,  and  fought  like  a  brick 
when  they  tried  to  turn  me  out,  and  it  took 
two  peelers  to  do  it ;  and  then  I  lamed  one 
of  the  bobbies  for  life  by  hitting  him  on 
the  shin  with  a  bit  of  iron — a  crow  or  sum- 
met,  I  forget  what  it  was.  How  did  I  come 
to  live  this  sort  of  life  ?  Get  along  with 
your  questions.     If  you  give   me   any  of 

your  cheek,  I'll soon    serve  you  the 

same." 

It  may  easily  be  supposed  I  was  glad  to 
leave  this  termagant,  who  was  popular  with 
the  soldiers,  although  they  were  afraid  of 
her  when  she  was  in  a  passion.  There  is 
not  much  to  be  said  about  soldiers'  women. 
They  are  simply  low  and  cheap,  often  dis- 
eased, and  as  a  class  do  infinite  harm  to  the 
health  of  the  service. 

TJiieves'  Women, 

The  metropolis  is  divided  by  the  police 
into  districts,  to  which  letters  are  attached 
to  designate  and  distinguish  them.  The 
head-quarters  of  the  F  division  are  at  Bow 
Street,  and  the  jurisdiction  of  its  consta- 

♦  Imprisoned  for  three  mouths. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOll, 


237 


bulary  extends  over  Covent  Garden,  Drury 
Lane,  and  St.  Giles's,  which  used  formerly 
to  be  looked  upon  as  most  formidable  neigh- 
bourhoods, harbouring  the  worst  charac- 
ters and  the  most  desperate  thieves. 

Mr.  Durkin,  the  superintendent  at  Bow 
Street,  obligingly  allowed  an  intelligent  and 
experienced  officer  (sergeant  Bircher)  to 
give  me  any  information  I  might  require. 

Fifteen  or  twenty  years  ago  this  locality 
was  the  perpetual  scene  of  riot  and  dis- 
order. The  pubhc-houses  were  notorious 
for  being  places  of  call  for  thieves,  pick- 
pockets, burglars,  thieving  prostitutes, 
hangers-on  (their  associates),  and  low  ruf- 
fians, who  rather  than  work  for  an  honest 
livehhood  preferred  scraping  together  a 
precarious  subsistence  by  any  disreputable 
means,  however  disgraceful  or  criminal 
they  might  be.  But  now  this  is  completely 
changed.  Although  I  patrolled  the  neigh- 
bourhood on  Monday  night,  which  is 
usually  accounted  one  of  the  noisiest  in 
the  week,  most  of  the  public  houses  were 
empty,  the  greatest  order  and  decorum 
reigned  in  the  streets,  and  not  even  an 
Irish  row  occurred  in  any  of  the  low  alleys 
and  courts  to  enliven  the  almost  painful 
silence  that  everywhere  prevailed.  I  only 
witnessed  one  fight  in  a  public-house  in 
St.  Martin's  Lane.  Seven  or  eight  people 
were  standing  at  the  bar,  smoking  and 
drinking.  A  disturbance  took  place  be- 
tween an  elderly  man,  pugnaciously  intoxi- 
cated, who  was  further  urged  on  by  a 
prostitute  he  had  been  talking  to,  and  a 
man  who  had  the  appearance  of  being  a 
tradesman  in  a  small  way.  How  the  quarrel 
originated  I  don't  know,  for  I  did  not  ar- 
rive till  it  had  commenced.  The  sergeant 
who  accompanied  me  was  much  amused  to 
observe  among  those  in  the  bar  three  sus- 
picious characters  he  had  for  some  time 
"  had  his  eye  on."  One  was  a  tall,  hulking, 
hang  dog-looking  fellow ;  the  second  a  short, 
bloated,  diseased,  red-faced  man,  while  the 
third  was  a  common-looking  woman,  a 
prostitute  and  the  associate  of  the  two 
former.  The  fight  went  on  until  the  trades- 
man in  a  small  way  was  knocked  head  over 
heels  into  a  corner,  when  the  tall,  hulking 
fellow  obligingly  ran  to  his  rescue,  kindly 
lifted  him  up,  and  quietly  rifled  his  jDockets. 
I'he  ecstasy  of  the  sergeant  as  he  detected 
this  little  piece  of  sharp  practice  Avas  a 
thing  to  remember.  He  instantly  called 
my  attention  to  it,  for  so  cleverly  and  skil- 
fully had  it  been  done  that  I  had  failed  to 
observe  it. 

When  we  resumed  our  tour  of  inspec- 
tion, the  sei'geant,  having  mentally  summed 
up  the  three   suspicious    characters,    ob- 


served :  "  I  first  discovered  them  in  Hol- 
born  three  nights  ago,  when  I  was  on  duty 
in  plain  clothes.  I  don't  exactly  yet  kuov/ 
rightly  what  their  little  game  is  ;  but  it'« 
either  dog-stealing  or  '  picking  up.'  This 
is  how  they  do  it.  The  woman  looks  out 
for  a  *  mug,'  that  is  a  drunken  fellow,  or  a 
stupid,  foolish  sort  of  fellow.  She  then 
stops  him  in  the  street,  talks  to  him,  and 
pays  particular  attention  to  his  jewellery, 
watch,  and  every  thing  of  that  sort,  of  which 
she  attempts  to  rob  him.  If  he  offers  any 
resistance,  or  makes  a  noise,  one  of  her 
buUies  comes  up,  and  either  knocks  hiui 
down  by  a  blow  under  the  ear,  or  exclaims  ; 
'What  are  you  talking  to  my  wife  for?' 
and  that 's  how  the  thing 's  done,  sir, 
that's  exactly  how  these  <  chaps  do  the 
trick.  I  found  out  where  they  hve  yester- 
day. It's  somewhere  down  near  Barbican, 
Golden  Lane  ;  the  name's  a  bad,  ruffianly, 
thievish  place.  They  are  being  watched 
to-night,  although  they  don't  know  it.  I 
planted  a  man  on  them."  Two  women 
were  standing  just  outside  the  same 
j)ublic.  They  were  dressed  in  a  curious 
assortment  of  colours,  as  the  low  English 
invariably  are,  and  their  faces  had  a  pecu- 
liar unctuous  appearance,  somewhat  Israel- 
itish,  as  if  their  diet  from  day  to  day 
consisted  of  fried  fish  and  dripping.  The 
sergeant  knew  them  well,  and  they  knev/ 
him,  for  they  accosted  him.  "  One  of  these 
women,"  he  said,  "is  the  cleverest  thief 
out.  I've  known  her  twelve  years.  She  was 
in  the  first  time  for  robbing  a  public.  I'll 
tell  you  how  it  was.  She  was  a  pretty 
woman — a  very  pretty  woman — then,  and 
had  been  kept  by  a  man  who  allowed  her 
41.  a  week  for  some  time.  She  was  very 
quiet  too,  never  went  about  anywhere, 
never  knocked  about  at  night  publics  or 
any  of  those  places  ;  but  she  got  into  bad 
company,  and  was  in  for  this  robbery.  She 
and  her  accomphces  got  up  a  row  in  the 
bar,  everything  being  concerted  before 
hand ;  they  put  out  the  lights,  set  all  the 
taps  running,  and  stole  a  purse,  a  watch, 
and  some  other  things ;  but  we  nabbed 
them  all,  and,  ;strange  to  say,  one  of  the 
women  thieves  died  the  next  day  from  the 
effects  of  drink.  All  these  women  are  great 
gluttons,  and  when  they  get  any  money, 
they  go  in  for  a  regular  drink  and  debauch. 
This  one  drank  so  much  that  it  positively 
killed  her  slick  off." 

At  the  corner  of  Drury  Lane  I  saw  three 
women  standing  talking  together.  They 
were  innocent  of  crinoline,  and  the  anti- 
quity of  their  bonnets  and  shawls  was 
really  wonderful,  while  the  durability  of 
the  fabric  of  which  they  were  composed 


238 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR, 


was  equally  remarkable.  Their  counte- 
nances were  stolid,  and  their  skin  hostile 
to  the  application  of  soap  and  water.  The 
hair  of  one  was  tinged  with  silver.  T'hey 
were  inured  to  the  rattle  of  their  harness  ; 
the  clank  of  the  chains  pleased  them.  They 
had  grown  grey  as  prostitutes. 

I  learnt  from  my  companion  that  "  that 
lot  was  an  inexpensive  luxury  ;  it  showed 
the  sterility  of  the  neighbourhood.  They 
would  go  home  with  a  man  for  a  shilling, 
and  think  themselves  well  paid,  while  six- 
pence w^as  rather  an  exorbitant  amount  for 
the  temporary  accommodation  their  vagrant 
amour  would  require." 

There  were  a  good  many  of  them  about. 
They  lived  for  the  most  part  in  small 
rooms  at  eighteen  pence,  two  shillings,  and 
half-a-crown  a  week,  in  the  small  streets 
running  out  of  Drury  Lane. 

We  went  down  Charles  Street,  Drury 
Lane,  a  small  street  near  the  Great  Mogul 
public-house.  I  was  surprised  at  the 
number  of  clean-looking,  respectable  lodg- 
ing-houses to  be  seen  in  this  street,  and 
indeed  in  almost  every  street  thereabouts. 
Many  of  them  were  well-ventilated,  and 
chiefly  resorted  to  by  respectable  mecha- 
nics. They  are  under  the  supervision  of 
the  police,  and  the  time  of  a  sergeant  is 
wholly  taken  up  in  inspecting  them.  Visits 
are  made  every  day,  and  if  the  Act  of  Par- 
liament by  the  provisions  of  which  they 
are  allowed  to  exist,  and  by  which  they  are 
regulated,  is  broken,  their  licences  are 
taken  away  directly.  Some  speculators 
have  several  of  these  houses,  and  keep  a 
shop  as  well,  full  of  all  sorts  of  things  to 
supply  their  lodgers. 

There  is  generally  a  green  blind  in  the 
parlour  window,  upon  which  you  sometimes 
see  written,  Lodgings  for  Travellers,  Sof.  a 
night ;  or,  Lodgings  for  Gentlemen ;  or, 
l;odgings  for  Single  Men.  Sometimes  they 
have  Model  Lodging-house  written  in  large 
black  letters  on  a  white  ground  on  the 
wail.  There  are  also  several  little  shops 
kejDt  by  general  dealers,  in  contiguity,  for 
the  use  of  the  inmates  of  the  lodging-houses, 
where  they  can  obtain  two  pennyworth  of 
meat  and  "  a  haporth  "  of  bread,  and  every- 
thing else  in  proj^ortion. 

There  are  a  great  number  of  coster- 
mongers  about  Drury  Lane  and  that  dis- 
trict, and  my  informant  assured  me  that 
they  found  the  profession  very  lucrative,  for 
the  lower  orders,  and  industrial  classes 
don't  care  about  going  into  shops  to  make 
purchases.  They  infinitely  prefer  buying 
what  they  want  in  the  open  street  from  the 
barrow  or  stall  of  a  coster  monger. 

What  makes  Clare  Market  so  attractive, 


too,  but  the  stalls  and  barrows  that  abound 
there 

There  are  many  flower-girls  who  are  sent 
out  by  their  old  gin-drinking  mothers  to 
pick  up  a  few  pence  in  the  street  by  the 
sale  of  their  goods.  They  begin  very 
young,  often  as  young  as  five  and  six,  and 
go  on  till  they  are  old  enough  to  become 
prostitutes,  when  they  either  leave  off"  cos- 
termongering  altogether,  or  else  unite  the 
two  professions.  They  are  chiefly  the  off- 
spring of  Irish  parents,  or  cockiicy  Irish, 
as  they  are  called,  who  are  the  noisiest,  the 
most  pugnacious,  unprincipled,  and  reck- 
less part  of  the  population  of  London. 
There  is  in  Exeter  Street,  Strand,  a  very 
old  established  and  notorious  house  of  iU- 

fame,  called  the ,  which  the  police 

says  is  always  honestly  and  orderly  con- 
ducted. Married  women  go  there  with 
their  paramours,  for  they  are  sure  of  se- 
crecy, and  have  confidence  in  the  place. 
It  is  a  house  of  accommodation,  and  much 
frequented ;  rich  tradesmen  are  knov»fu  to 
frequent  it.  They  charge  ten  shillings  and 
upwards  for  a  bed.  A  man  might  go  there 
with  a  large  sum  of  money  in  his  pocket, 
and  sleep  in  perfect  security,  for  no 
attempt  would  be  made  to  deprive  him  of 
his  pro],)€rty. 

There  is  a  coffee-house  in  Wellington 
Street,  on  the  Covent  Garden  side  of  the 
Lyceum  Theatre,  in  fact  adjoining  the  play- 
house, where  women  may  take  their  men  ; 
but  the  police  cannot  interfere  with  it,  be- 
cause it  is  a  coffee-house,  and  not  a  house 
of  ill-fame,  properly  so  called.  The  pro- 
prietor is  not  supposed  to  know  who  his 
customers  are.  A  man  comes  with  a  avo- 
man  and  asks  for  a  bed-room ;  they  mny 
be  travellers,  they  may  be  a  thousand 
things.  A  subterranean  passage,  1  am 
told,  running  under  the  Lyceum  connects 
this  with  some  supper-rooms  on  the  other 
side  of  the  theatre,  which  belongs  to  the 
same  man  who  is  proprietor  of  the  coffee 
and  chop  house. 

We  have  before  spoken  of  "  dress- 
lodQ;ers :"  there  are  several  to  be  seen  in 
the  Strand.  Any  one  who  does  not  under- 
stand the  aftair,  and  had  not  been  pre- 
viously informed,  would  fail  to  observe  the 
badly-dressed  old  hag  who  follows  at  a 
short  distance  the  fashionably-attired  young 
lady,  who  walks  so  gaily  along  the  pave- 
ment, and  who  only  allows  the  elasticity  of 
her  step  to  subside  into  a  quieter  measure 
when  stopping  to  speak  to  some  likely- 
looking  man  who  may  be  passing.  If  her 
overtures  are  successful  she  retires  with 
her  prey  to  some  den  in  the  vicinity. 
,  The   v/atcher   has   a  fixed  salary  of  so 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


239 


much  per  week,  and  never  loses  sight  of  the 
dress-lodger,  for  very  x:)lain  reasons.  The 
dress-lodger  probably  lives  some  distance 
from  the  immoral  house  by  whose  owner 
she  is  employed.  She  comes  there  in  the 
afternoon  badly  dressed,  and  has  good 
things  lent  her.  Now  if  she  were  not 
watched  she  might  decamp.  She  might 
waste  her  time  in  public-houses  ;  she  might 
take  her  dupes  to  other  houses  of  ill-fame, 
or  she  might  pawn  the  clothes  she  has  on, 
for  the  keeper  could  not  sue  her  for  a  debt 
contracted  for  immoral  purposes.  The 
dress-lodger  gets  as  much  money  from  her 
man  as  she  can  succeed  in  abstracting,  and 
is  given  a  small  percentage  on  what  she 
obtains  by  her  employer.  The  man  pays 
usually  five  shillings  for  the  room.  Many 
prostitutes  bilk  their  man  ;  they  take  him 
into  a  house,  and  then  after  he  has  paid 
for  the  room  leave  him.  The  dupe  com- 
plains to  the  keeper  of  the  house,  but  of 
course  fails  to  obtain  any  redress. 

I  happened  to  see  an  old  woman  in  the 
Strand,  who  is  one  of  the  most  hardened 
beggars  in  London.  She  has  two  children 
with  her,  but  one  she  generally  disposes  of 
by  placing  her  in  some  doorway.  The 
child  falls  back  on  the  step,  and  pretends  to 
be  asleep  or  half-frozen  with  the  cold.  Her 
naturally  pale  face  gives  her  a  half-starved 
look,  which  completes  her  pitiable  appear- 
ance. Any  gentleman  passing  by  being 
charitably  inclined  may  be  imposed  upon 
and  induced  to  touch  her  on  the  shoulder. 
The  child  will  move  slowly  and  rub  her 
eyes,  and  the  man,  thoroughly  deceived, 
gives  her  an  alms  and. passes  on,  when  the 
little  deceiver  again  composes  herself  to 
wait  for  the  next  chance.  This  occurred 
while  I  was  looking  on  ;  but  unfortunately 
for  the  child's  success  the  policeman  on  the 
beat  happened  to  come  up,  and  she  made 
her  retreat  to  a  safer  and  more  convenient 
locality. 

Many  novelists,  philanthropists,  and 
newspaper  writers  have  dwelt  much  upon 
the  horrible  character  of  a  series  of  subter- 
ranean chambers  or  vaults  in  the  vicinity 
of  the  Strand,  called  the  Adelphi  Arches. 
It  is  by  no  means  even  now  understood 
that  these  arches  are  the  most  innocent 
and  harmless  places  in  London,  whatever 
they  might  once  have  been.  A  policeman 
is  on  duty  there  at  night,  expressly  to  pre- 
vent persons  who  have  no  right  or  business 
there  from  descending  into  their  recesses. 

They  were  probably  erected  in  order  to 
form  a  foundation  for  the  Adelphi  Terrace. 
Let  us  suppose  there  were  then  no  wharves, 
and  no  embankments,  consequently  the 
tide  must  have  ascended  and  gone  inland 


some  distance,  rendering  the  ground 
marshy,  swampy,  and  next  to  useless.  The 
main  arch  is  a  very  fine  pile  of  masonry, 
something  like  the  Box  tunnel  on  a  small 
scale,  while  the  other,  running  here  and 
there  like  the  intricacies  of  catacombs,  looks 
extremely  ghostly  and  suggestive  of  Jack 
Sheppards,  Blueskins,  Jonathan  Wilds,  and 
others  of  the  same  kind,  notwithstanding 
they  are  so  well  lighted  with  gas.  There  is 
a  doorway  at  the  end  of  a  vault  leading  up 
towards  the  Strand,  that  has  a  pecuhar  tra- 
dition attached  to  it.  Not  so  very  many 
years  ago  this  door  was  a  back  exit  from 
a  notorious  coffee  and  gambling  house, 
where  parties  were  decoyed  by  thieves, 
blacklegs,  or  prostitutes,  and  swindleo, 
then  drugged,  and  subsequently  thrown 
from  this  door  into  the  darkness  of  what 
must  have  seemed  to  them  another  world, 
and  were  left,  when  they  came  to  them- 
selves, to  find  their  way  out  as  best  they 
could. 

My  attention  was  attracted,  while  in 
these  arches,  by  the  cries  and  exclamations 
of  a  woman  near  the  river,  and  proceeding 
to  the  spot  I  saw  a  woman  sitting  on  some 
steps,  before  what  appeared  to  be  a  stable, 
engat^red  in  a  violent  altercation  with  a 
man  who  was  by  profession  a  cab  pro- 
prietor— several  of  his  vehicles  were  lying 
about — and  who,  she  vehemently  asserted, 
was  her  husband.  The  man  declared  she 
was  a  common  woman  when  he  met  her, 
and  had  since  become  the  most  drunken 
creature  it  was  possible  to  meet  with.  The 
woman  put  her  hand  in  her  pocket  and  bran- 
dished something  in  his  face,  which  she  tri- 
umphantly said  was  her  marriage-certificate. 
"That,"  she  cried,  turning  to  me,  "that's 
what  licks  them.  It  don't  matter  whether 
I  was  one  of  Lot's  daughters  afore.  1 
might  have  been  awful,  I  doji't  say  I  wasn't, 
but  I'm  his  v/ife,  and  this  'ere's  what  licks 
'em." 

I  left  them  indulging  in  elegant  invectives, 
and  interlarding  their  conversation  with 
those  polite  and  admirable  metaphors  that 
have  gained  so  wide-spread  a  reputation  for 
the  famous  women  who  sell  fish  in  Billings- 
gate ;  and  I  was  afterwards  informed  by 
a  sympathising  bystander,  in  the  shape  of  a 
stable-boy,  that  the  inevitable  result  of  this 
conjugal  altercation  would  be  the  incarcera- 
tion of  the  woman,  by  the  husband,  in  a 
horse-box,  where  she  might  undisturbeo 
sleep  off  the  efiects  of  her  potations,  anc 
repent  the  next  day  at  her  leisure.  "  Nee 
dulces  amores  sperne  puer." 

Several  showily-dressed,  if  not  actually 
well-attired  women,  who  are  to  be  found 
walking  about  the  Haymarket,  live  in  St. 


240 


LONDON  LABOUlt  AND  THE  LONDON  POOM. 


Giles's  and  about  Drury  Lane.  But  the 
lowest  class  of  women,  who  prostitute 
themselves  for  a  shilling  or  less,  are  the 
most  curious  and  remarkable  class  in  this 
part.  We  have  spoken  of  them  before  as 
growing  grey  in  the  exercise  of  their  pro- 
fession. One  of  them,  a  woman  over  forty, 
shabbily  /Tressed,  and  with  a  disreputable, 
unprepossessing  appearance,  volunteered 
the  following  statement  for  a  consideration 
of  a  spirituous  nature. 

"  Times  is  altered,  sir,  since  I  come  on 
the  town.  I  can  remember  when  all  the 
swells  used  to  come  down  here-away,  in- 
stead of  going  to  the  Market;  but  those 
times  is  past,  they  is,  worse  luck,  but,  like 
myself,  nothing  lasts  for  ever,  although  I've 
stood  my  share  of  wear  and  tear,  I  have. 
Years  ago  Fleet  Street  and  the  Strand,  and 
Catherine  Street,  and  all  round  there  was 
famous  for  women  and  houses.  Ah!  those 
were  the  times.  Wish  they  might  come 
again,  but  wishing's  no  use,  it  ain't.  It 
only  makes  one  miserable  a  thinking  of  it. 
I  come  up  from  the  country  when  I  was 
quite  a  gal,  not  above  sixteen  I  dessay. 
1  come  from  Dorsetshire,  near  Lyme  Kegis, 
to  see  a  aunt  of  mine.  Father  was  a  farmer 
in  Dorset,  but  only  in  a  small  way — tenant 
farmer,  as  you  would  say.  I  was  mighty 
pleased,  you  may  swear,  with  London,  and 
liked  being  out  at  night  when  I  could  get 
the  chance.  One  night  I  went  up  the  area 
and  stood  looking  through  the  railing,  when 
a  man  passed  by,  but  seeing  me  he  returned 
and  spoke  to  me  something  about  the 
weather.  I,  like  a  child,  answered  him 
unsuspectingly  enough,  and  he  went  on 
talking  about  town  and  country,  asking  me, 
among  other  things,  if  I  had  long  been  in 
London,  or  if  I  was  born  there.  I  not  think- 
ing told  him  all  about  myself;  and  he 
went  away  apparently  very  much  pleased 
with  me,  saying  before  he  went  that  he  was 
very  glad  to  have  made  such  an  agreeable 
acquaintance,  and  if  I  would  say  nothing 
about  it  he  would  call  for  me  about  the 
same  time,  or  a  little  earlier,  if  I  liked,  the 
next  night,  and  take  me  out  for  a  walk,  I 
was,  as  you  may  well  suppose,  delighted, 
and  never  said  a  word.  The  next  evening 
I  met  him  as  he  appointed,  and  two  or 
throe  times  subsequently.  One  night  we 
walked  longer  than  usual,  and  I  pressed 
him  to  return,  as  I  feared  my  aunt  would 
find  me  out ;  but  he  said  he  was  so 
fatigued  vv-ith  walking  so  far,  he  would  like 
to  rest  a  little  before  he  went  back  again  ; 
but  if  I  was  very  anxious  he  would  put  me 
in  a  cab.'  Frightened  about  him,  for  I 
thought  he  might  be  ill,  I  preferred  risking 
being  found  out;  and  when  he  proposed 


•that  we  should  go  into  some  house  and  sit 
down  I  agreed.  He  said  all  at  once,  as  if 
he  had  just  remembered  something,  that  a 
very  old  friend  of  his  lived  near  there,  and 
we  couldn't  go  to  a  better  place,  for  she 
would  give  us  everything  we  could  wish. 
We  found  the  door  half  open  when  we 
arrived.  *  How  careless,'  said  my  friend. 
Ho  leave  the  street-door  open,  any  one 
might  get  in.'  We  entered  without  knock- 
ing, and  seeing  a  door  in  the  passage  stand- 
ing ajar  we  went  in.  My  friend  shook 
hands  with  an  old  lady  who  was  talking  to 
several  girls  dispersed  over  different  parts 
of  the  room,  who,  she  said,  Iwere  her 
daughters.  At  this  announcement  some  of 
them  laughed,  when  she  got  very  angry 
and  ordered  them  out  of  the  room.  Some- 
how I  didn't  like  the  place,  and  not  feeling 
all  right  I  asked  to  be  put  in  a  cab  and 
sent  home.  My  friend  made  no  objection 
and  a  cab  was  sent  for.  He,  however, 
pressed  me  to  have  something  to  drink 
before  I  started.  I  refused  to  touch  any 
wine,  so  I  asked  for  some  coffee,  which  1 
drank.  It  made  me  feel  very  sleepy,  so 
sleepy  indeed  that  I  begged  to  be  allowed 
to  sit  down  on  the  sofa.  They  accordingly 
placed  me  on  the  sofa,  and  advised  me  to 
rest  a  little  while,  promising,  in  order  to 
allay  my  anxiety,  to  send  a  messenger  to 
my  aunt.  Of  course  I  was  drugged,  and  so 
heavily  I  did  not  regain  my  consciousness 
till  the  next  morning.  I  was  horrified  to 
discover  that  I  had  been  ruihed,  and  for 
some  days  I  was  inconsolable,  and  cried 
like  a  child  to  be  killed  or  sent  back  to  my 
aunt. 

"  When  I  became  quiet  I  received  a  visit 
from  my  seducer,  in  whom  I  had  placed  so 
much  silly  confidence.  Ho  talked  very 
kindly  to  me,  but  I  would  not  listen  to 
him  for  some  time.  He  came  several  times 
to  see  me,  and  at  last  said  he  would  take  me 
away  if  1  liked,  and  give  me  a  house  of  my 
own.  Finally,  finding  how  hopeless  all  was 
I  agreed  to  his  proposal,  and  he  allowed  me 
four  pounds  a  week.  Tiiis  went  on  for 
some  months,  till  he  was  tired  of  me,  when 
he  threw  me  over  for  some  one  else.  There 
is  always  as  good  fish  in  the  sea  as  ever 
came  out  of  it,  and  this  I  soon  discovered. 

"  Then  for  some  years — ten  years,  till  I 
was  six-and-twenty, — I  went  through  all  the 
changes  of  a  gay  lady's  life,  and  they're 
not  a  few,  I  can  tell  you.  I  don't  leave  off 
this  sort  of  life  because  I'm  in  a  manner 
used  to  it,  and  what  could  I  do  if  I  did  *? 
I've  no  character;  I've  never  been  used  to 
do  anything,  and  I  don't  see  what  em- 
ployment I  stand  a  chance  of  getting.  Then 
if  I  had  to  sit  houj-s  and  hours  all  day  bug, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


2il 


and  part  of  the  night  too,  sewing  or  any- 
thing hke  that,  I  should  get  tired.  It  would 
Avorrit  me  so  ;  never  having  been  accus- 
tomed, you  see,  I  couldn't  stand  it.  I 
lodge  in  Charles  Street,  Drury  Lane,  now. 
I  did  live  in  Nottingham  Court  once,  and 
Earls  Street.  But,  Lord,  I've  lived  in  a 
many  places  you  \vouldn't  think,  and  I 
don't  imagine  you'd  believe  one  half.  I'm 
always  a-chopping  and  a-changing  like  the 
wind  as  you  may  say.  I  pay  half-a-crown 
a  week  for  my  bed-room  ;  it's  clean  and 
comfortable,  good  enough  for  such  as  me. 
1  don't  think  much  of  my  way  of  life.  You 
folks  as  has  honour,  and  character,  and 
feelings,  and  such,  can't  understand  how 
all  that  's  been  beaten  out  of  people  like 
me.  I  don't  feel.  I'm  used  to  it.  I  did 
once,  more  especial  when  mother  died.  I 
heard  on  it  through  a  friend  of  mine,  who 
told  me  her  last  words  was  of  me.  I  did 
cry  and  go  on  then  ever  so,  but  Lor', 
Where's  the  good  of  fretting  ?  I  arn't  happy 
either.  It  isn't  happiness,  but  I  get  enough 
money  to  keep  me  in  victuals  and  drink, 
and  it's  the  drink  mostly  that  keeps  me 
going.  You've  no  idea  how  I  look  forward 
to  my  drop  of  gin.  It's  everything  to  me. 
I  don't  suppose  I'll  live  much  longer,  and 
that's  another  thing  that  pleases  me.  I 
don't  want  to  live,  and  yet  I  don't  care 
enough  about  dying  to  make  away  with 
myself.  I  arn't  got  that  amount  af  feeling 
that  some  has,  and  that's  v/here  it  is  I'm 
kinder  'fraid  of  it." 

This  woman's  tale  is  a  condensation  of 
the  philosophy  of  sinning.  The  troubles 
she  had  gone  through,  and  her  experience 
of  the  world,  had  made  her  oblivious  of  the 
finer  attributes  of  human  nature,  and  she 
had  become  brutal. 

I  spoke  to  another  who  had  been  con- 
verted at  a  Social  Evil  Meeting,  but  from  a 
variety  of  causes  driven  back  to  the  old 
way  of  living. 

The  first  part  of  her  story  offered  nothing 
peculiar.  She  had  been  on  the  town  for 
fifteen  years,  when  a  year  or  so  ago  she 
heard  of  the  Midnight  Meeting  and  Baptist 
Noel.  She  was  induced  from  curiosity  to 
attend ;  and  her  feelings  being  powerfully 
worked  upon  by  the  extraordinary  scene, 
the  surroundings,  and  the  earnestness  of 
the  preacher,  she  accepted  the  offer  held 
out  to  her,  and  was  placed  in  a  cab  with 
some  others,  and  conveyed  to  one  of  the 
numerous  metropolitan  homes,  where  she 
was  taken  care  of  for  some  weeks,  and 
furnished  with  a  small  sum  of  money  to 
return  to  her  friends.  When  she  arrived 
at  her  native  village  in  Essex,  she  only 
found  her  father.     Her  mother  v/as  dead ; 


her  sister  at  service,  and  her  two  brothers 
had  enlisted  in  the  army.  Her  father  was 
an  old  man,  supported  by  the  parish  ;  so 
it  was  clear  he  could  not  support  her.  She 
had  a  few  shillings  left,  with  which  she 
worked  her  way  back  to  town,  returned  to 
her  old  haunts,  renewed  her  acquaintance 
with  her  vicious  companions,  and  resumed 
her  old  course  of  life. 

I  don't  insert  this  recital  as  a  reflection 
upon  the  refuges  and  homes,  or  mean  to 
asperse  the  Midnight  Meeting  movement, 
which  is  worthy  of  all  praise.  On  the  con- 
trary, I  have  much  pleasure  in  alluding  to 
the  subject  and  acknowledging  the  success 
that  has  attended  the  efforts  of  the  philan- 
thropic gentlemen  associated  with  the  Kev. 
Mr.  Baptist  Noel. 

I  have  already  described  the  condition 
of  low  and  abandoned  women  in  Spital- 
fields,  Whitechapel,  Wapping,  and  Shad- 
well,  although  I  have  not  touched  very 
closely  upon  those  who  cohabit  with  thieves 
and  other  desperate  characters,  whose  daily 
means  of  obtaining  a  livelihood  exposes 
them  to  the  penalties  the  law  inflicts  upon 
those  who  infringe  its  provisions.  Their 
mode  of  living,  the  houses  they  inhabit, 
and  the  way  in  which  they  pass  their  time, 
does  not  very  materially  differ  from  that  of 
other  prostitutes,  with  this  exception,  they 
are  not  obliged  to  frequent  casinos,  dancing- 
rooms,  and  other  places  of  popular  resort, 
to  make  acquaintances  that  may  be  of  ser- 
vice to  them  in  a  pecuniary  way,  although 
they  do  make  use  of  such  places  for  the 
purposes  of  robbery  and  fraud.  Some 
women  of  tolerably  good  repute — that  is, 
who  are  regarded  as  knowing  a  good  set  of 
men,  who  have  admission  to  the  night- 
houses  in  Panton  Street  and  the  Haymarket 
— I  am  informed,  are  comiected  with  thieves. 
The  night-houses  and  supper-rooms  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  the  Haymarket  are  for 
the  most  part  in  the  hands  of  a  family  of 
Jews,  Kate  Hamilton's  in  Princes  Street, 
Leicester  tSquare,  belongs  to  one  of  this 
family.  She  is  given  a  per  centage  on  all 
the  wine  that  she  sells  during  the  course  of 
the  evening,  and  as  she  charges  twelve 
shillings  a  bottle  for  Moselle  and  sparkling 
wines,  it  may  readily  be  supposed  that  her 
profits  are  by  no  means  despicable.  Lizzie 
Davis's,  Sams's,  Sally's,  and,  I  believe,  the 
Carlton,  also  belong  to  this  famil}^  One 
of  these  Jews,  I  am  told,  was  some  few 
years  back  imprisoned  for  two  years  on  a 
charge  of  manslaughter.  He  was  proprietor 
of  a  brothel  in  the  vicinity  of  Drury  Lane, 
and  the  manslaughter  occurred  through  his 
instrumentality  on  the  premises.  I  have 
been  informed  by  the  police  that  some  of 


U 


24:2. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  proprietors  of  these  night-houses  are 
well-known  receivers  of  stolen  goods,  and 
the  assertion  is  easily  credible.  To  exem- 
plify tliis  I  will  relate  a  story  told  me  by  a 
sergeant  of  the  H  division.  Some  two 
years  ago  a  robbery  v»'as  committed  by  a 
"  snoozer,"  or  one  of  those  thieves  who 
take  lip  their  quarters  at  hotels  for  the 
purpose  of  robbery.  The  robbery  was 
committed  at  an  hotel  in  Chester.  The 
thief  was  captured,  and  the  Eecorder  sen- 
tenced him  to  be  imprisoned.  This  man 
was  a  ilotorious  thief,  and  went  under  the 
soubriquet  of  American  Jack.  He  was  said 
to  have  once  been  in  a  very  different  posi- 
tion. He  was  polished  in  his  manners,  and 
highly  accomplished.  He  could  speak  three 
or  four  languages  with  facility,  and  was  a 
most  formidable  and  dexterous  thief,  caus- 
ing much  apprehension  and  trouble  to  the 
police.  After  being  incarcerated  for  a  few 
weeks  he  contrived  in  a  clever  manner  to 
make  his  escape  from  one  of  the  London 
prisons  ;  it  was  suj)posed  by  the  connivance 
of  his  gaolers,  who  were  alleged  to  have 
been  bribed  by  his  friends  without.  Be 
this  as  it  may,  he  effected  his  hberation, 
and  was  successfully  concealed  in  London 
until  the  hue  and  cry  was  over,  and  then 
shipped  off  to  Paris.  But  the  night  after 
he  escaped  he  perpetrated  the  most  auda- 
cious robbery.  He  was  dressed  by  his 
friends,    and   having  changed    his    prison 

attire  went  to  B Hotel,  a  well-knov>'n 

place,  not  far  from  the  Freemasons  Tavern, 
where,  singularly  enough,  the  Eecorder  of 
Chester,  who  had  sentenced  him,  chanced 
to  be  staying.  American  Jack  had  the 
presumption  to  enter  into  conversation 
with  the  Recorder,  who  fancied  he  had  seen 
his  face  before,  but  could  not  recollect 
where.  The  visitors  had  not  long  retired 
to  bed  before  American  Jack  commenced 
operations.  He  was  furnished  by  his  ac- 
complice with  a  highly-finished  instrument 
for  housebreaking,  which,  when  inserted 
in  the  lock,  would  pass  through  and  grasp 
the  key  on  the  inside.  This  done,  it  was 
easy  to  turn  the  key  and  open  the  door. 
The  thief  actually  broke  into  sixteen  or 
seventeen  rooms  that  night,  and  made  his 
exit  before  daybreak  loaded  with  booty 
of  every  description.  The  proprietors  of 
the  hotel  would  offer  no  reward,  as  they 
feared  publicity.  The  Recorder  of  Chester, 
when  the  robbery  was  discovered,  remem- 
bered that  the  person  he  had  conversed 
with  the  night  before  was  the  man  he  had 
convicted  and  sentenced  at  the  assizes. 
He  repaired  to  Bow  Street  with  his  informa- 
tion, and  the  police  were  put  on  the  scent ; 
but  it  is  well  known  if  no  reward  is  offered 


for  the  apprehension  of  an  eminent  criminal 
the  police  are  not  so  active  as  they  are 
when  they  have  a  monetary  inducement  to 
incite  them  to  action.  It  was  imagined 
that  American  Jack  had  taken  refuge  with 
his  friends  near  the  Haymarket.  A  waiter 
who  had  been  discharged  IVom  one  of  the 
night-houses  was  known  shghtly  to  a  ser- 
geant of  police,  who  interrogated  him  on 
the  subject.  This  waiter  confessed  that 
he  could  point  out  the  whereabouts  of  tlie 
thief,  and  would  do  so  for  tu'enty  pounds, 
which  reward  no  one  concerned  in  the 
matter  would  offer ;  and,  as  1  have  already 
stated,  the  criminal  soon  after  made  his 
escape  to  Paris,  where  he  continued  to  cari-y 
on  his  depredations  with  considerable  skill, 
until  one  day  he  mixed  himself  up  in  a 
great  jewel  robbery,  and  was  apprehended 
by  the  gensdarmes,  and  sent  to  the  galleys 
for  some  time,  where  he  is  now  languish- 
ing. 

This  little  history  is  suggestive — why 
should  not  Parliament  vote  every  year  a 
small  sum  of  money  to  form  a  "  Detective 
and  Inquiry  Fund,"  from  which  the  Com- 
missioners of  Police  at  Whitehall  and  Old 
Jewry  might  offer  rewards  for  the  capture 
of  offenders?  Some  spur  and  inducement 
surely  might  be  given  to  our  detectives, 
who  take  a  great  deal  of  trouble,  and,  if 
unsuccessful,  are  almost  always  out  of 
pocket  tlirough  their  researches. 

Cannot  Sir  Richard  Mayne  and  Mr. 
Daniel  Whittle  Harvey  improve  on  this 
idea? 

The  police  enter  the  night-houses  every 
evening  to  see  if  spirits  are  sold  on  the 
premises ;  but  as  there  are  bullies  at  all  the 
doors,  and  a  code  of  signals  admirably  con- 
certed to  convey  intelligence  of  the  ap- 
proach of  the  officers  to  those  within, 
everything  is  carefully  concealed,  and  the 
police  are  at  fault.  They  might  if  they 
chose  detect  the  practices  they  very  well 
know  are  commonly  carried  on  ;  but  they 
either  are  not  empowered  to  go  to  extremi- 
ties, or  else  they  do  not  find  it  their  inte- 
rest so  to  do.  I  have  heard,  I  know  not 
with  what  truth,  that  large  sums  of  money 
are  paid  to  the  i)olice  to  insure  their  silence 
and  compliance ;  but  until  this  is  established 
it  must  be  received  with  hesitation,  though 
circumstances  do  occur  that  seem  strongly 
to  corroborate  such  suspicions.  The  wo- 
men who  cohabit  with  thieves  are  not 
necessarily  thieves  themselves,  although 
such  is  often  the  case.  Most  pickpockets 
make  their  women  accomplices  in  their 
misdeeds,  because  they  find  their  assistance 
so  valuable  to  them,  and  indeed  for  some 
species     of    thrift     almost     indispensable. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


24?> 


There  are  numbers  of  young  thieves  on  the 
other  side  of  the  water,  and  almost  all  of 
them  cohabit  with  some  girl  or  other. 
The  depravity  of  our  juvenile  thieves  is  a 
singular  feature  in  their  character.  It  is 
not  exactly  a  custom  that  they  follow,  but 
rather  an  inherent  depravity  on  their  part. 
They  prefer  an  idle  luxurious  life,  though 
one  also  of  ignominy  and  systematic  dis- 
honour, to  one  of  honesty  and  labour ;  and 
this  is  the  cause  of  their  malpractices,  per- 
haps inculcated  at  first  by  the  force  of  evil 
example  and  bad  bringing  up,  and  invigo- 
rated every  day  by  independence  brought 
about  by  the  liberty  allowed  them,  the  con- 
sequeace  of  parental  neglect. 

It  is  of  course  difficult  to  give  the  stories 
of  any  of  these  women,  as  they  would  only 
criminate  themselves  disagreeably  by  con- 
fessing their  delinquencies ;  and  it  is  not 
easy  to  pitch  upon  a  thieves'  woman  with- 
out she  is  pointed  out  by  the  police,  and 
even  then  she  would  deny  the  imputation 
indignantly. 

Farh  Women,  or  those  tvho  frequent  tJie  Paries 
at  night  and  other  retired  places. 

Park  women,  properly  so  called,  are  those 
degraded  creatures,  utterly  lost  to  all  sense 
of  shame,  who  wander  about  the  paths 
most  frequented  after  nightfall  in  the  Parks, 
and  consent  to  any  species  of  humiliation 
for  the  sake  of  acquiring  a  few  shillings. 
You  may  meet  them  in  Hyde  Park,  between 
the  hours  of  five  and  ten  (till  the  gates  are 
closed)  in  winter.  In  the  Green  Park,  in 
what  is  called  the  Mall,  which  is  a  noc- 
turnal thoroughfare,  you  may  see  these  low 
wretches  walking  about  sometimes  with 
men,  more  generally  alone,  often  early  in 
the  morning.  They  are  to  be  seen  reclin- 
ing on  the  benches  placed  under  the  trees, 
originally  intended,  no  doubt,  for  a  different 
purpose,  occasionally  with  the  head  of  a 
drunken  man  reposing  in  their  lap.  These 
women  are  well  known  to  give  themselves 
up  to  disgusting  practices,  that  are  alone 
gratifying  to  men  of  morbid  and  diseased 
imaginations.  They  are  old,  unsound,  and 
by  their  appearance  utterly  incapacitated 
from  practising  their  profession  where  the 
gas-lamps  would  expose  the  defects  in  their 
personal  appearance,  and  the  shabbiness  of 
their  ancient  and  dilapidated  attn^e.  I  was 
told  that  an  old  woman,  whose  front  teeth 
■\vere  absolutely  wanting,  was  known  to 
obtain  a  precarious  livelihood  by  haunting 
the  by-walks  of  Hyde  Park,  near  Park  Lane. 
The  unfortunate  women  that  form  this 
despicable  class  have  in  some  cases  been 
well  off/ and  have  been  reduced  to  their 


present  condition  by  a  variety  of  circum- 
stances, among  which  are  intemperance, 
and  the  vicissitudes  natural  to  their  voca- 
tion. I  questioned  one  who  was  in  the 
humour  to  be  communicative,  and  she  gave 
the  subjoined  replies  to  my  questions  : — 

"I  have  not  always  been  what  I  no\y  am. 
Twenty  years  ago  I  was  in  a  very  difierent 
position.     Then,    although    it    may   seem 
ludicrous  to  you,  who  see  me  as  I  now  am, 
I  was  comparatively  well  off.     If  I  were  to 
tell  you  my  history  it  would  be  so  romantic 
you  would  not  beheve  it.     If  I  employ  a 
little  time  in  telling  you,  will  you  reward 
me  for  my  trouble,  as  I  shall  be  losing  my 
time  in  talking  to  you  ?     I  am  not  actuated 
by  mercenary  motives  exactly  in  making 
this  request,  but  my  time  is  my  money, 
and  I  cannot  afford  to  lose  either  one  or 
the  other.     Well,  then,  I  am  the  daughter 
of  a  curate  in  Gloucestershire.     I  was  never 
at  school,  but  my  mother  educated  me  at 
home.     I  had  one  brother  who  entered  the 
Church.     When  I  was  old  enough  I  saw 
that  the  limited  resources  of  my  parents 
would  not  allow  them  to  maintain  me  at 
home  without  seriously  impairing  their  re- 
sources, and  I  proposed  that  I  should  go 
out  as  a  governess.     At  first  they  would 
not  hear  of  it ;  but  I  persisted  in  my  deter- 
mination, and  eventually  obtained  a  situa- 
tion in  a  family  in  town.     Then  I  was  very 
pretty.     I  may  say  so  without  vanity  or 
ostentation,   for    1    had    many    admirers, 
among  whom  I  numbered  the  only  son  of 
the  people  in  whose  house  I  lived.     I  was 
engaged  to  teach  his  two  sisters,  and  alto- 
gether  I   gave    great    satisfaction   to   the 
family.     The  girls  were  amiable  and  tract- 
able, and  I  soon  acquired  an  influence  over 
their  generous  dispositions  that  afforded 
great  facilities  for  getting  them  on  in  their 
studies.     My  life  might  have  been  very 
happy  if  an  unfortunate  attachment  to  me 
had  not  sprung  up  in  the  young  man  that 
I  have  before  mentioned,  which  attachment 
I  can  never   sufficiently  regret   was  reci- 
procated by  myself. 

"  I  battled  against  the  impulse  that  con- 
strained me  to  love  him,  but  ail  my  efforts 
were  of  no  avail.  He  promised  to  marry 
me,  which  in  an  evil  hour  I  agreed  to.  He 
had  a  mock  ceremony  performed  by  his 
footman,  and  I  went  into  lodgings  that  he 
had  taken  for  me  in  Gower  Street,  Totten- 
ham Court  Road.  He  used  to  visit  mo 
very  frequently  for  the  ensuing  six  months, 
and  we  lived  together  as  man  and  wife. 
At  the  expiration  of  that  time  he  took  me 
to  the  sea-side,  and  we  subsequently  tra- 
velled on  the  Continent.  We  were  at  Baden 
when  we  heard  of  his  father's  death.    This 


R  2 


244 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


didn't  trouble  him  much.  He  did  not  even 
go  to  England  to  attend  the  funeral,  for  he 
had  by  his  conduct  ofFended  his  father, 
and  estranged  himself  from  the  remainder 
of  his  family.  Soon  letters  came  from  a 
solicitor  informing  him  that  the  provisions 
of  the  will  discontinued  the  allowance  of 
five  hundred  a  year  hitherto  made  to  him, 
and  left  him  a  small  sum  of  money  suffi- 
cient to  buy  himself  a  commission  in  the 
army,  if  he  chose  to  do  so.  This  course 
he  was  strongly  advised  to  take,  for  it  was 
urged  that  he  might  support  himself  on  his 
pay  if  he  volunteered  for  foreign  service. 
He  was  transported  with  rage  when  this 
communication  reached  him,  and  he  imme- 
diately wrote  for  the  legacy  he  was  entitled 
to,  which  arrived  in  due  course.  That 
evening  he  went  to  the  gaming  table,  and 
lost  every  farthing  he  had  in  the  world. 
The  next  morning  he  was  a  corpse.  His 
remains  were  found  in  a  secluded  ]3art  of 
the  town,  he  having  in  a  fit  of  desperation 
blown  his  brains  out  with  a  pistol.  He 
had  evidently  resolved  to  take  this  step  be- 
fore he  left  me,  if  he  should  happen  to  be 
unfortunate,  for  he  left  a  letter  in  the  hands 
of  our  landlady  to  be  delivered  to  me  in 
the  event  of  his  not  returning  in  the  morn- 
ing. It  was  full  of  protestations  of  affec- 
tion for  me,  and  concluded  with  an  avowal 
of  the  fraud  he  had  practised  towards  me 
when  our  acquaintance  was  first  formed, 
which  he  endeavoured  to  excuse  by  stating 
his  objections  to  be  hampered  or  fettered 
by  legal  impediments. 

"  When  1  read  this,  I  somewhat  doubted 
the  intensity  of  the  affection  he  paraded 
in  his  letter.  I  had  no  doubt  about  the 
fervour  of  my  own  passion,  and  for  some 
time  I  was  inconsolable.  At  length,  I  was 
roused  to  a  sense  of  my  desolate  position, 
and  to  the  necessity  for  action,  by  the  soli- 
citations and  importunity  of  my  landlady, 
and  I  sold  the  better  part  of  my  wardrobe 
to  obtain  sufficient  money  to  pay  my  bills, 
and  return  to  England.  But  fate  ordered 
things  in  a  different  manner.  Several  of 
my  husband's  friends  came  to  condole  with 
me  on  his  untimely  decease  ;  among  whom 
was  a  young  officer  of  considerable  personal 
attractions,  who  I  had  often  thought  I 
should  have  hked  to  love,  if  I  had  not  been 
married  to  my  friend's  husband.  It  was 
this  man  who  caused  me  to  take  the  second 
fatal  step  I  have  made  in  my  life.  If  I 
had  only  gone  home,  my  friends  might 
have  forgiven  everything.  I  felt  they 
would,  and  my  pride  did  not  stand  in  my 
way,  for  I  would  gladly  have  asked  and 
obtained  their  forgiveness  for  a  fault  in 
-reality   very    venial,     when    the    circum- 


stances under  which  it  was  committed  are 
taken  into  consideration. 

"Or  I  might  have  represented  the  facts 
to  the  family ;  and  while  the  mother 
mourned  the  death  of  her  son,  she  must 
have  felt  some  commiseration  for  myself. 

*'  The  officer  asked  me  to  live  with  him, 
and  made  the  prospect  he  held  out  to  me  so 
glittering  and  fascinating  that  I  yielded. 
He  declared  he  would  marry  me  with  plea- 
sure on  the  spot,  but  he  would  forfeit  a 
large  sum  of  money,  that  he  must  inherit 
in  a  few  years  if  he  remained  single,  and 
it  would  be  folly  not  to  wait  until  then. 
I  have  forgotten  to  mention  that  I  had  not 
any  children.  My  constitution  being  very 
delicate,  my  child  was  born  dead,  which 
was  a  sad  blow  to  me,  although  it  did 
not  seem  to  aff'ect  the  man  I  regarded  as 
my  husband.  We  soon  left  Baden  and  re- 
turned to  London,  where  I  lived  for  a 
month  very  happily  with  my  paramour,  who 
was  not  separated  from  me,  as  his  leave  of 
absence  had  not  expired.  When  that  event 
occurred  he  reluctantly  left  me  to  go  to 
Limerick,  where  his  regiment  was  quar- 
tered. '  There  in  all  probability  he  formed 
a  fresh  acquaintance,  for  he  wrote  to  me 
in  about  a  fortnight,  saying  that  a  separa- 
tion must  take  place  between  us,  for  reasonr, 
that  he  was  not  at  liberty  to  apprise  me  of, 
and  he  enclosed  a  cheque  for  fifty  pounds, 
which  he  hoped  would  pay  my  expence.s. 
It  was  too  late  now  to  go  home,  and  I  was 
driven  to  a  life  of  prostitution,  not  because 
I  had  a  liking  for  it,  but  as  a  means  of 
getting  enough  money  to  live  upon.  For  ten 
years  I  lived  first  with  one  man  then  with 
another,  until  at  last  I  v;as  infected  with  a 
disease,  of  which  I  did  not  know  the 
evil  effects  if  neglected.  The  disastrous 
consequence  of  that  neglect  is  only  too  ap- 
parent now.  You  will  be  disgusted,  when  I 
tell  you  that  it  attacked  my  face,  and  ruined 
my  features  to  such  an  extent  that  I  am 
hideous  to  look  upon,  and  should  be  no- 
ticed by  no  one  if  I  frequented  those  places 
where  women  of  my  class  most  congregate; 
indeed,  I  should  be  driven  away  with  curses 
and  execrations." 

This  recital  is  melancholy  in  the  ex- 
treme. Here  was  a  woman  endowed  with 
a  very  fair  amount  of  education,  speaking 
in  a  superior  manner,  making  use  of  words 
that  very  few  in  her  position  would  know 
how  to  employ,  reduced  by  a  variety  of 
circumstances  to  the  very  bottom  of  a 
prostitute's  career.  In  reply  to  my  fur- 
ther questioning,  she  said  she  hved  in  a 
small  place  in  Westminster  called  Per- 
kins' Rents,  where  for  one  room  she  paid 
two  shillings  a  Aveek.     The  Rents  were  in 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOK. 


5J4f) 


Westminstor,  Dot  far  from  Palace-jtird.  She 
was  obliged  to  have  recourse  to  her  present 
way  of  living  to  exist ;  for  she  would  not 
go  to  the  workhouse,  and  she  could  get  no 
work  to  do.     She  could  sew,  and  she  could 
paint  in  water-colours,  but  she  was  afraid 
to  be  alone.     She  could  not  sit  hours  and 
hours  by  herself,  her  thoughts  distracted 
her,  and  drove  her  mad.     She  added,  she 
once  thought  of  turning  Roman  Catholic, 
and  getting  admitted  into  a  convent,  where 
she  might  make  atonement  for  her  way  of 
living  by  devoting    the  remainder  of  her 
life  to  penitence,  but  she  was  afraid  she 
had  gone  too  far  to  be  forgiven.    That  was 
some  time   ago.     Now  she  did  not  think 
she  would  live  long,  she  had  injured  her 
constitution  so  greatly  ;  she  had  some  in- 
ternal disease,    she  didn't    know  what  it 
was,  but  a  hospital  surgeon  told  her   it 
would  kill  her  in  time,  and  she  had  her 
moments,  generally  hours,  of  oblivion,  when 
she  was  intoxicated,  which  she  always  was 
when  she  could  get  a  chance.     If  she  got 
ten  shillings  from  a  drunken  man,  either  by 
persuasion  or  threats,  and    she  was    not 
scrupulous  in  the  employment  of  the  latter, 
she  would  not  come  to  the  Park  for  days, 
until  all  her  money  was  spent ;  on  an  ave- 
lage,  she  came  three  times  a  week,  or  per- 
haps twice  ;  always  on  Sunday,  which  was  a 
good  day.   She  knew  aU  about  the  Eefuges. 
She  had  been  in  one  once,  but  she  didn't 
like  the  system;  there  wasn't  enough  liberty, 
and  too  much  preaching,  and  that  sort  of 
thing  ;  and  then  they  couldn't  keep  her 
there  always ;  so  they  didn't  know  what  to 
do  with  her.     No  one  would  take  her  into 
their  service,  because  they  didn't  like  to  look 
at  her  face,  which  presented  so  dreadful  an 
appearance  that  it  frightened  people.     She 
always  wore   a  long  thick  veil,  that  con- 
cealed her  features,  and  made  her  interesting 
to  the  unsuspicious  and  unwise.    I  gave  her 
the  money  I  promised  her,  and  advised  her 
again  to  enter  a  Refuge,  which  she  refused 
to  do,  saying  she  could  not  live  long,  and 
she  would  rather  die  as  she  was.     As  I  had 
no  power   to  compel    her  to  change   her 
determination,  I  left    her,  lamenting   her 
hardihood  and  obstinacy.     I  felt  that  she 
soon  would  be — 

"  One  more  unfortunate, 

Weary  of  breath, 
Rashly  importunate, 

Gone  to  her  death." 

lu  the  course  of  my  peregrinations  I  met 
another  woman,  commonly  dressed  in  old 
and  worn-out  clothes  ;  her  face  was  ugly 
and  mature  ;  she  was  perhaps  on  the  shady 
side  of  forty.  She  was  also  perambulating 
the  Mall.     I  knew  she  could  only  be  there 


for  one  purpose,  and  I  interrogated  hnr, 
and  1  believe  she  answered  my  queries 
faithfully.     She  said  : — 

"I    have  a  husband,  and    seven  small 
children,  the  eldest  not  yet  able  to  do  much 
more  than  cadge  a  penny  or  so  by  eater- 
wheeling  and  tumbling  in  the  street  for  the 
amusement    of   gents     as    rides     outside 
'busses.      My  husband  's   bedridden,    and 
can't  do  uothink  but  give  the  babies  a  dose 
of  'Mother's  Blessing'    (that's  laudanum, 
sir,  or  some  sich  stuff)  to  sleep  'em  when 
they's  squally.     So  I  goes  out  begging  all 
day,  and  I  takes  in  general  one  of  the  kids 
in  my  arms  and  one  as  runs  by  me,  and  we 
sell  hartifishal  flowers,  leastways  'olds  'em 
in  our  'ands,  and  makes  believe  cos  of  the 
pohce,  as  is  nasty  so  be  as  you  'as  nothink 
soever,  and  I  comes  hout  in  the  Parks,  sir, 
at  night  sometimes  when  Pve  'ad  a  bad  day, 
and  ain't  made  above  a  few  pence,  which 
ain't  enough  to  keep  us  as  Ave  should    be 
kep.     I  mean,  sir,  the  children  should  have 
a  bit   of  meat,   and  my  ole  man  and  me 
wants  some  blue  ruin  to  keep  our  spirits 
up  ;  so  I'se  druv  to  it,  sir,  by  poverty,  and 
nothink  on  the  face  of  God's  blessed  earth, 
sir,  shou'dn't  have  druv  me  but  that  for 
the  poor  babes  must  live,  and  who  'as  they 
to  look  to  but  their  'ard-working  but  mis- 
fortunate  mother,  which  she  is  now  talking 
to  your  honour,  and  won't  yer  give  a  poor 
woman    a   hap'ny,   sir?     I've   seven  small 
children  at   home,    and  my  'usban's  laid 
with  the   fever.     You  won't  miss   it,   yer 
honour,  only  a  'apny  for  a  poor  woman  as 
ain't  'ad  a  bit  of  bread  between  her  teeth 
since  yesty  morning.  I  ax  yer  parding,"  she 
exclaimed,  interrupting  herself — "  I  forgot 
I  was   talking   to   yourself.      I's   so  used 
though  to  this  way  of  speaking   when   I 
meant  to  ax  you  for  summut  I  broke  off 
into  the  old  slang,  but  yer  honour  knows 
what  I  mean:  ain't  yer  got  even  a  little 
sixpence  to  rejoice  the  heart  of  the  widow  ?" 
"  You  call  yourself  a  widow  now,"  I  said, 
"while  before  >'0u  said  you  were  married 
and  had  seven  children.     Which  are  you?" 
"Which  am  I?    The  first  I  toll  you 's 
the  true.     But  Lor',   I's  up  to  so   many 
dodges   I  gets   what   you  may    call    con- 
founded ;    sometimes    I's    a    widder,  and 
wants  me  'art  rejoiced  with  a  copper,  and 
then    I's    a    hindustrious     needle-woman 
thrown  out  of  work  and  going  to  be  druv 
into  the  streets  if  I  don't  get  summut  to 
do.     Sometimes  I  makes  a  lot  of  money  by 
being  a  poor  old  crip]jle  as  broke  her  arm 
in  a  factory,  by  being  blowed  hup  Avhen  a 
steam-engine  blowed    herself  hup,    and  I 
bandage  my  arm  and  swell  it  out  hawful 
big,  and  when  I  gets  home,  we  gets  in  some 


246 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOND  ON  POOR. 


lush  and  'as  some  frens,  and  goes  in  for  a 
reglar  blow-hout,  and  now  as  I  have  told 
yer  honour  hall  about  it,  won't  yer  give  us 
an  'apny  as  I  observe  before  V 

It  is  very  proper  that  the  Parks  should 
be  closed  at  aa  early  hour,  when  such 
creatures  as  I  have  been  describing  exist 
and  practise  their  iniquities  so  unblushingly. 
One  only  gets  at  the  depravity  of  mankind 
by  searching  below  the  surface  of  society  ; 
and  for  certain  purposes  such  knowledge 
and  information  ate  useful  and  beneficial  to 
the  community.  Therefore  the  philan- 
thropist must  overcome  his  repugnance  to 
the  task,  and  draw  back  the  veil  that  is 
thinly  spread  over  the  skeleton. 

The  Dependants  of  Prostitutes. 

Having  described  the  habits,  &c.,  of  dif- 
ferent classes  of  prostitutes,  I  now  come  to 
those  who  are  intimately  connected  with, 
and  dependant  upon,  them.  This  is  a  very 
numerous  class,  and  includes  "  Bawds,"  or 
those  who  keep  brothels,  the  followers  of 
dress  lodgers,  keepers  of  accommodation 
houses,  procuresses,  pimps,  and  panders, 
fancy  men,  and  bullies. 

Baiuch. — The  first  head  in  our  classifica- 
tion is  "  Bawds.''  They  may  be  either  men 
or  women.  More  frequently  they  are  the 
latter,  though  any  one  who  keeps  an  im- 
moral house,  or  bawdy-house,  as  it  is  more 
commonly  called,  is  liable  to  that  designa- 
tion. Bawdj'^-houses  are  of  two  kinds. 
They  may  be  either  houses,  of  accommoda- 
tion, or  houses  in  which  women  lodge,  are 
boarded,  clothed,  &c,,  and  the  proceeds  of 
whose  prostitution  goes  into  the  pocket  of 
the  bawd  herself,  who  makes  a  very  hand- 
some income  generally  by  their  shame. 

AVe  cannot  have  a  better  example  of  this 
sort  of  thing  than  the  bawdy-houses  in 
King's  Place,  St.  James's,  a  narrow  passage 
leading  from  Pall  Mall  opposite  the  "  Guards 
Club  "  into  King  Street,  not  far  from  the  St. 
James's  theatre.  These  are  both  houses  of 
accommodation  and  brothels  proper.  Men 
may  take  their  women  there,  and  pay  so 
much  for  a  room  and  temporary  accommo- 
dation, or  they  may  be  supplied  with  women 
who  live  in  the  house.  The  unfortunate 
creatures  who  live  in  these  houses  are  com- 
pletely in  the  power  of  the  bawds,  who  grow 
fat  on  thoir  prostitution.  When  they  first 
came  to  town  perhaps  they  were  strangers, 
and  didn't  know  a  soul  in  the  place,  and 
even  now  they  would  have  nowhere  to 
go  to  if  they  were  able  to  make  their 
escape,  which  is  a  very  difficult  thing  to 
accomplish,  considering  they  are  vigi- 
lantly looked  after  night  and  day.     They 


have  nothing  fit  to  walk  about  the  streets 
in.  They  are  often  in  bed  all  day,  and  at 
night  dressed  up  in  tawdry  ball  costumes, 
if  they  ever  do  go  out  on  business,  they 
are  carefully  watched  by  one  of  the  ser- 
vants :  they  generally  end  when  their 
charms  are  faded  by  being  servants  of 
bawds  and  prostitutes,  or  else  watchers,  or 
perhaps  both. 

There  are  houses  in  Oxendon  Street  too, 
where  women  are  kept  in  this  way. 

A  victim  of  this  disgraceful  practice  told 
me  she  was  entrapped  when  she  was  six- 
teen years  old,  and  prostituted  for  some 
time  to  old  men,  who  paid  a  high  price  for 
the  enjoyment  of  lier  person. 

"I  was  born  at  Matlock  in  Derbyshire," 
she  began  ;  "  father  was  a  stonecutter,  and 
I  worked  in  the  shop,  polishing  the  blocks 
and  things,  and  in  the  spring  of  '51  we 
heard  of  the  Great  Exhibition.  I  wished 
very  much  to  go  to  London,  and  see  the 
fine  shops  and  that,  and  father  wrote  to  an 
aunt  of  mine,  who  lived  in  London,  to 
know  if  I  might  come  and  stay  a  week  or 
two  with  her  to  see  the  Exhibition.  In  a 
few  days  a  letter  came  back,  saying  she 
would  be  glad  to  give  me  a  room  for  two 
or  three  weeks  end  go  about  with  me. 
Father  couldn't  come  v/ith  mo  because  of 
his  business,  and  I  went  alone.  When  I 
arrived,  aunt  had  a  very  bad  cold,  and 
couldn't  get  out  of  bed.  Of  course,  I  wanted 
to  go  about  and  see  things,  for  though  I 
didn't  believe  the  streets  were  paved  with 
gold,  I  was  very  anxious  to  see  the  shops 
and  places  I'd  heard  so  much  about.  Aunt 
said  when  she  was  better  she'd  take  me, 
but  I  was  so  restless  I  would  go  by  myself. 
I  said  nothing  to  aunt  about  it,  and 
stole  out  one  evening.  1  wandered  about 
for  some  time,  very  much  pleased  with 
the  novelty.  The  crowds  of  people,  the 
flaring  gas  jets,  and  everything  else,  all 
was  so  strange  and  new,  I  was  delighted. 
At  last  I  lost  myself,  and  got  into  some 
streets  ever  so  much  darker  and  quieter. 
I  saw  one  door  in  the  middle  of  the  street 
open,  that  is  standing  a-jar.  Thinking  no 
harm,  1  knocked,  and  hearing  no  sound,  and 
getting  no  answer,  I  knocked  louder,  when 
some  one  came  and  instantly  admitted  me, 
without  saying  a  word.  1  asked  her  in- 
nocently enough  where  I  was,  and  if  she 
would  tell  me  the  way  to  Bank  Place.  I 
didn't  know  where  Bank  Place  was,  whether 
it  was  ill  Lambeth,  or  Kensington,  or 
Hammersmith,  or  where ;  but  I  have  since 
heard  it  is  in  Kensington.  The  woman  who 
let  me  in,  and  to  whom  I  addressed  my 
questions,  laughed  at  this,  and  said,  '  Oh  ! 
yes,  I  wasn't  born  yesterday.'     But  I  re- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOE. 


2il 


peated,    *  Where    am   I,    and  what  am  I 
to  do  ?' 

"She  told  me  to  'ax,'  and  said  she'd 
heard  that  before. 

"  I  suppose  I  ought  to  tell  you,  before  I 
go  further,"  she  explained,  "  that  'ax' 
meant  ask,  or  find  out. 

"  Just  then  a  door  opened,  and  an  old 
woman  came  out  of  a  room  which  seemed 
to  me  to  be  the  parlour.  '  Come  in,  my 
dear,'  she  exclaimed,  'and  sit  down.'  I 
followed  her  into  the  room,  and  she  pulled 
out  a  bottle  of  gin,  asking  me  if  I  would 
have  a  drop  of  something  short,  while  she 
poured  out  some,  which  I  was  too  fright- 
ened to  refuse.  She  said,  '  I  likes  to  be 
jolly  myself  and  see  others  so.  I'm  getting 
on  now.  Ain't  what  I  was  once.  But  as  I 
says  I  likes  to  be  jolly,  and  I  always  is,  A 
old  fiddle,  you  know,  makes  the  best 
music. 

" '  Market  full,  my  dear,'  she  added, 
pushing  the  wine-glass  of  gin  towards  me. 
'  Ah  '  I  s'pose  not  yet ;  too  arly ,  so  it  is.  I's 
glad  you've  dropped  in  to  see  a  body.  I've 
noticed  your  face  lots  of  times,  but  I 
thought  you  was  one  of  Lotty's  girls,  and 
wouldn't  condescend  to  come  so  far  up  the 
street,  though,  vrhy  one  part  should  be 
better  nor  another,  I'm  sure,  I  can't  make 
out.' 

" '  Eeally  you  must  make  a  mistake,'  I 
interposed.  '  I  am  quite  a  stranger  in 
London  ;  indeed  I  have  only  been  three  days 
in  town.  The  fact  is,  I  lost  myself  this 
evening,  and  seeing  your  door  open,  1 
thou<zht  I  would  come  in  and  ask  the  way.' 
"  Whilst  I  was  saying  this,  the  old 
woman  listened  attentively.  She  seemed 
to  drink  in  every  word  of  my  explanation, 
and  a  great  change  came  over  her  features. 
" '  Well,  pet,'  she  replied,  '  I'm  glad 
you've  come  to  ray  house.  You  must  ex- 
cuse my  taking  you  for  some  one  else  ;  but 
you  are  so  like  a  gal  I  knows,  one  Polly  Gay, 
I  couldn't  help  mistaking  you.  Where  are 
you  staying?' 

"  I  told  her  I  was  staying  with  my  aunt 
in  Bank  Place. 

"  '  Oh  !  really,'  she  exclaimed  ;  '  well,  that 
is  fortunate,  'pon  my  word,  that  is  lucky. 
I'm  gladder  than  ever  now  you  came  to 
my  shop — I  mean  my  house — cos  I  knows 
your  aunt  very  well.  Me  an'  'er's  great 
frens,  leastways  was,  th.ough  I  haven't  seen 
her  for  six  months  come  next  Christmas. 
Is  she's  took  bad,  is  she  ?  Ah  !  well,  it's  the 
weather,  or  somethink,  that's  what  it  is  ; 
we're  all  ill  sometimes  ;  and  what  is  it  as  is 
the  matter  with  her  1  Influenzy,  is  it  ? 
Now,  Lor'  bless  lis,  the  influenzy  !  Well, 
you'll  stay  with  me  to-night ;  you'a  ever  so 


far  from  your  place.  Don't  say  No ;  you 
must,  my  dear,  and  we'll  go  down  to  aunt's 
to-morrow  morning  arly  ;  she'll  be  glad  to 
see  me,  I  know.  She  always  was  fond  of 
her  old  friends.' 

"  At  first  I  protested  and  held  out,  but 
at  last  I  gave  in  to  her  persuasion,  fully 
believing  ail  she  told  me.  She  talked  about 
my  father,  said  she  hadn't  the  pleasure  of 
knowing  him  personally,  but  she'd  often 
heard  of  him,  and  hoped  he  was  quite  well, 
more  especially  as  it  left  her  at  that  time. 
Presently  she  asked  if  I  wasn't  tired,  and 
said  she'd  show  me  a  room  up-stairs 
where  I  should  sleep  comfortable  no  end. 
When  I  was  undressed  and  in  bed,  she 
brought  me  a  glass  of  gin  and  water  hot, 
which  she  called  a  night-cap,  and  said  would 
do  me  good.  I  drank  this  at  her  solicita- 
tion, and  soon  fell  into  a  sound  slumber. 
The  'night-cap'  was  evidently  drugged, 
and  during  my  state  of  insensibility  my 
ruin  was  accomplished.  The  next  day  I 
was  wretchedly  ill  and  weak,  but  I  need  not 
tell  you  what  followed.  My  prayers  and 
entreaties  were  of  no  good,  and  1  in  a  few 
days  became  this  woman's  slave,  and  have 
remained  so  ever  since  ;  though,  as  she 
has  more  than  one  house,  I  am  occasionally 
shifted  from  one  to  the  other.  The  reason 
of  this  is  very  simple.  Suppose  the  bawd 
has  a  house  in  St.  James's  and  one  in  Port- 
land Place.  When  I  am  known  to  the 
habitues  of  St.  James's,  I  am  sent  as  some- 
thing new  to  Portland  Place,  and  so  on." 

If  I  were  to  expatiate  for  pages  on  bawds, 
I  don't  think  I  could  give  a  better  idea 
than  this  affords.  Their  characteristics 
are  selfishness  and  avariciousness,  com- 
bined with  want  of  principle  and  the  most 
unblushing  effrontery. 

FoUoivers  of  Dress- Lodgers. — I  have  spoken 
before  of  dress-lodgers,  and  I  now  come  to 
those  women  who  are  employed  by  the 
keepers  of  the  brothels  in  which  the  dress- 
lodgers  live,  to  follow  them  when  they  are 
sent  into  the  streets  to  pick  up  men.  They 
are  not  numerous.  They  are  only  seen  in 
the  Strand  and  about  the  National  Gallery. 
This  species  of  vice  is  much  magnified  by 
people  who  have  vivid  imaginations.  It 
might  have  assumed  larger  dimensions,  but 
at  the  present  time  it  has  very  much  de- 
creased. They  follow  the  dress-lodgers  for 
various  reasons,  which  I  have  mentioned 
already.  For  the  sake  of  perspicuity  and 
putting  things  in  their  proper  sequence,  I 
may  be  excused  for  briefly  recapitulating 
them .  If  they  were  not  closely  watched,  they 
might,  imprimis,  make  their  escape  witn 
all  the  finery  they  have  about  them,  which 


248 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


of  course  they  would  speedily  dispose  of 
for  its  market  value  to  the  highest-bidding 
Jew,  and  then  take  lodgings  and  set  up  on 
their  own  account.  These  unfortunate 
dress-lodyers  arc  profoundly  ignorant  of 
the  English  law.  If  they  were  better  ac- 
quainted with  its  provisions,  they  would 
know  very  well  that  the  bawds  would  have 
no  legal  claim  against  them  for  money, 
board,  or  clothes,  for  if  the  bawds  could 
prove  any  consideration,  it  would  be  an 
immoral  one,  and  consequently  bad  in  law. 
But  the  poor  creatures  think  they  are  com- 
pletely in  the  wretch's  power,  and  dare 
not  move  hand  or  foot,  or  call  their  haiV 
their  own.  Instances  have  been  known  of 
bawds  cutting  off  the  hair  of  their  lodgers 
when  it  became  long,  and  selling  it  if  it 
was  fine  and  beautiful  for  thirty  shillings 
and  two  pounds. 

There  is  a  dress-lodger  who  perambu- 
lates the  Strand  every  night,  from  nine,  or 
befoi-e  that  even,  till  twelve  or  one,  v^ho  is 
followed  by  the  inseparable  old  hag  who 
keeps  guard  over  her  to  prevent  her  going 
into  public-houses  and  wasting  her  time 
and  money,  which  is  the  second  reason  for 
her  being  watched,  and  to  see  that  she 
does  not  give  her  custom  to  some  other 
bawdy-house,  which  is  the  third  reason. 

This  follower  is  a  woman  of  fifty,  with 
grey  hair,  and  all  the  peculiarities  of  old 
women,  among  which  is  included  a  fond- 
ness for  gin,  which  weakness  was  mainly 
instrumental  in  enabling  me  to  obtain  from 
her  what  I  know  about  herself  and  her 
class.  She  wore  no  crinoline,  and  a  dirty 
cotton  dress.  Her  bonnet  was  made  of 
straw,  with  a  bit  of  faded  ribbon  over  it 
by  way  of  trimming,  fully  as  shabby  and 
discreditable  as  the  straw  itself. 

She  told  me  by  fits  and  starts,  and  by 
dint  of  cross  questioning,  the  subjoined 
particulars. 

"  They  call  me  '  Old  Stock  ;'  why  I  shan't 
tell  you,  though  I  might  easy,  and  make 
you  laugh  too,  without  telling  no  lies  ;  but 
it  ain't  no  matter  of  your'n,  so  we'll  let  it 
be.     They  do  say  I'm  a  bit  cracky,   but 

that's  all  my  eye.    I'm  a  drunken  old  b 

if  you  like,  but  nothing  worser  than  that. 
I  was  once  the  swellest  woman  about  town, 
but  I'm  come  down  awful.  And  yet  it 
ain't  awful.  I  sometimes  tries  to  think  it 
is,  but  I  can't  make  it  so.  If  I  did  think 
it  awful  I  shouldn't  be  here  now  ;  I  couldnt 
stand  it.  But  the  fact  is  life's  sweet,  and 
I  don't  care  how  you  live.    It's  as  sweet  to 

the  w ,  as  it  is  to  the  hempress,  and 

mebbe  it's  as  sweet  to  me  as  it  is  to  you. 
Yes,  I  was  well  known  about  some  years 
ago,  and  I  ain't  got  bad  features  now,   if 


it  wasn't  for  the  wrinkles  and  the  skin, 
which  is  more  parchmenty  than  anything 
else,  but  that's  all  along  of  the  drink.  I 
get  nothing  in  money  for  following  this 
girl  about,  barring  a  shilling  or  so  when 
I  ask  for  it  to  get  some  liquor.  They  give 
me  my  grub  and  a  bed,  in  return  for  which 
in  the  day-time  I  looks  after  the  house, 
when  I  ain't  drunk,  and  sweeps,  and  does 
the  place  up,  and  all  that.  Time  was  when 
I  had  a  house  of  my  own,  and  lots  of  ser- 
vants, and  heaps  of  men  sighing  and  dying 
for  me,  but  now  my  good  looks  are  gone, 
and  I  am  what  you  see  me.  Many  of  the 
finest  women,  if  they  have  strong  consti- 
tutions, and  can  survive  the  continual 
racket,  and  the  wear  and  tear  of  knocking 
about  town,  go  on  like  fools  without  mak- 
ing any  provision  for  themselves,  and 
without  marrying,  until  they  come  to  the 
bad.  They  are  either  servants,  or  what  I 
am,  or  if  they  get  a  little  money  given 
them  by  men,  they  set  up  as  bawdy-house- 
keepers. I  wish  to  God  I  had,  but  I  don't 
feel  what  I  am.  I'm  past  that  ever  so 
long,  and  if  you  give  me  half  a  crown,  or 
five  bob,  presently,  you'll  make  me  jolly 
for  a  week.  Talking  of  giving  a  woman 
five  bob  reminds  me  of  having  fivers  (51. 
notes)  given  me.  I  can  remember  the 
time  when  I  would  take  nothing  but  paper  ; 
always  tissue,  nothing  under  a  flimsy.  Ah ! 
gay  women  see  strange  changes  ;  wonder- 
ful ups  and  downs,  I  can  tell  you.  We, 
that  is  me  and  Lizzie,  the  girl  I'm  watch- 
ing, came  out  to  night  at  nine.  It's  twelve 
now,  ain't  it?  Well;  what  do  ye  think 
we've  done?  We  have  taken  three  men 
home,  and  Lizzie,  who  is  a  clever  little 
devil,  got  two  pound  five  out  of  them  for 
herself,  which  ain't  bad  at  all.  I  shall  get 
something  when  we  get  back.  We  ain't 
always  so  lucky.  Some  nights  we  go  about 
and  don't  hook  a  soul.  Lizzie  paints  a  bit 
too  much  for  decent  young  fellows  who've 
got  lots  of  money.  They  aren't  our  little 
game.  We  go  in  more  for  tradesmen,  shop- 
boys,  commercial  travellers,  and  that  sort, 
and  men  who  are  a  little  screwy,  and  al- 
though we  musn't  mention  it,  we  hooks  a 
white  choker  now  and  then,  coming  from 
Exeter  Hall.  Medical  students  are  some- 
times sweet  on  Lizzie,  but  we  ain't  in  much 
favour  with  the  Bar.  Oh  !  I  know  what  a 
man  is  directly  he  opens  his  mouth.  Dress 
too  has  a  great  deal  to  do  with  what  a  man 
is — tells  you  his  position  in  life  as  it  were. 
'  Meds  '  ain't  good  for  much  ;  they're  larky 
young  blokes,  but  they've  never  much 
money,  and  they're  fond  of  dollymopping. 
But  talk  of  dollymopping— lawyers  are  the 
fellows  for  that.     Those  chambers  in  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


249 


Inns  of  Court  are  the  ruin  of  many  a  girl. 
And  they  are  so  convenient  for  bilking, 
you've  no  idea.  There  isn't  a  good  woman 
in  London  who'd  go  with  a  man  to  the 
Temple,  not  one.  You  go  to  Kate's,  and 
take  a  woman  out,  put  her  in  a  cab,  and  say 
you  were  going  to  take  her  to  either  of  the 
Temples,  which  are  respectable  and  decent 
places  when  compared  to  the  other  inns 
which  are  not  properly  Inns  of  Court,  ex- 
cept Gray's  Inn  and  Lincoln's  Inn,  and 
she'd  cry  off  directly.  I  mean  Barnard's 
Inn,  and  Thavies'  Inn,  and  New  Inn,  and 
Clement's  Inn,  and  all  those.  I've  been  at 
this  sort  of  work  for  six  or  seven  years, 
and  I  suppose  I'll  die  at  it.  I  don't  care  if 
I  do.  It  suits  me.  I'm  good  for  nothing 
else." 

I  gave  her  some  money  in  return  for  her 
story,  and  wished  her  good  night.  What 
she  says  about  women  who  have  once  been 
what  is  called  "  swell,"  coming  down  to  the 
sort  of  thing  I  have  been  describing,  is  per- 
fectly true.  They  have  most  of  them  been 
well-known  and  much  admired  in  their 
time ;  but  every  dog  has  its  day.  They 
have  had  theirs,  and  neglected  to  make 
hay  while  the  sun  was  shining.  Almost 
all  the  servants  of  bawds  and  prostitutes 
have  fallen  as  it  were  from  their  high  estate 
into  the  slou[i:h  of  degradation  and  com- 
parative desjjair. 

As  I  have  before  slated,  there  are  very 
few  dress-lodgers  now  who  solicit  in  the 
streets,  and  naturally  few  followers  of  dress- 
lodgers  whose  condition  does  not  afford 
anything  very  striking  or  peculiar,  except 
as  evidencing  the  vicissitudes  of  a  prosti- 
tute's career,  and  the  end  that  very  many 
of  them  arrive  at. 

Keepers  of  Accommodation  Houses. — Those 
who  gain  their  living  by  keeping  accom- 
modation houses,  or  what  the  French 
call  maisons  de  passe,  are  of  course  to  be 
placed  in  the  category  of  the  people  who 
are  dependant  on  prostitutes,  without  whose 
patronage  they  would  lose  their  only  means 
of  support. 

When  you  speak  of  baw^ds  you  in  a  great 
measure  describe  this  class  also,  for  their 
avocations  are  the  same,  and  the  system, 
they  exist  upon  very  similar.  The  bawds 
keep  women  in  their  houses,  and  the  others 
let  out  their  rooms  to  chance  comers,  and 
any  one  who  chooses  to  take  them.  The 
keepers  are  generally  worn-out  prostitutes, 
who  have  survived  their  good  looks  and 
settled  down,  as  a  means  of  gaining  a 
livelihood  ;  in  Oxenden  Street  and  similar 
places  an  enormous  amou]it  of  money  is 
made  by  these  people.     The  usual  charge 


for  rooms  of  course  varies  according  to  the 
height  and  the  size  of  the  room  engaged. 
A  first-floor  room  is  worth  seven  or  ten 
shillings,  then  the  rooms  on  the  second- 
floor  are  five  shillings,  and  three  shillings, 
and  so  on.  The  average  gains  of  keepers  of 
accommodation  houses  in  Oxenden  Street 
and  James  Street,  Haymarket,  are  from 
two  pounds  to  ten  pounds  a  night ;  the 
amount  depending  a  good  deal  on  the 
popularity  of  the  house,  its  connection  with 
women,  its  notoriety  amongst  men,  and 
its  situation.  More  money  is  made  by 
bawdy-hoLTse  keepers,  but  then  the  ex- 
penses are  greater.  A  story  is  told  of  a 
celebrated  woman  who  kept  a  house  of  ill- 
fame  in  the  neighbourhood  of  May  Fair. 
The  several  inmates  of  her  establishment 
were  dilatory  on  one  occasion,  and  she 
gave  vent  to  her  anger  and  disapointment 
by  exclaiming,  "Twelve   o'clock   striking. 

The  house  full  of  noblemen,  and  not  a 

girl  painted  yet."  I  introduce  this  anec- 
dote merely  to  exemplify  what  I  have  been 
advancing,  namely,  that  the  best  brothels 
in  London,  such  as  Mrs.  C — 's  in  Curzon 
Street,  and  others  that  I  could  mention, 
are  frequented  by  men  who  have  plenty  of 
money  at  their  command,  and  spend  it 
freely. 

A  Mrs.  J — ■,  who  kept  a  house  in  James 
Street,  Haymarket,  where  temporary  ac- 
commodation could  be  obtained  by  girls 
and  their  paramours,  made  a  very  large 
sum  of  money  by  her  house,  and  some 
time  ago  bought  a  house  somewhere  near 
Camberwell  with  her  five-shilling  pieces 
which  she  had  the  questionable  taste  to 
call  "  Dollar  House."  A  woman  who  kept 
a  house  in  one  of  the  small  streets  near 
the  Marylebone  Road  told  me  she  could 
afford  to  let  her  rooms  to  her  customers 
for  eighteen  pence  for  a  short  time,  and 
three  and  sixpence  for  all  night,  and  she 
declared  she  made  money  by  it,  as  she 
had  a  good  many  of  the  low  New  Road 
women,  and  some  of  those  who  infest  the 
Edgware  Road,  as  well  as  several  servants 
and  dress-makers,  who  came  with  their 
associates.  She  added,  she  was  saving  up 
money  to  buy  the  house  from  her  landlord, 
who  at  present  charged  her  an  exorbitant 
rent,  as  he  well  knew  she  could  not  now 
resist  his  extortionate  demands.  If  he  re- 
fused  to  sell  it,  she  should  go  lower  down 
in  the  same  street,  for  she  was  determined 
before  long  to  be  independant. 

When  we  come  to  touch  upon  clandestine 
prostitution  we  shall  have  occasion  to  con- 
demn these  houses  in  no  measured  terms, 
for  they  offer  very  great  facilities  for  the 
illicit   intercourse   of    the   not  yet    com- 


250 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pletely  depraved  portion  of  the  sexes,  such 
as  sempstresses,  milliners,  servant  girls, 
etc,,  etc.,  who  only  prostitute  themselves 
occasionally  to  men  they  are  well  acquainted 
with,  for  whom  they  may  have  some  sort 
of  a  partiality — women  who  do  not  lower 
themselves  in  the  social  scale  for  money, 
but  for  their  own  gratification.  They 
become,  however,  too  frequently  insensibly 
depraved,  and  go  on  from  bad  to  worse, 
till  nothing  but  the  pave  is  before  them. 
The  ruin  of  many  girls  is  commenced  by 
reading  the  low  trashy  wishy-washy  cheap 
publications  that  the  news-shops  are 
now  gorged  with,  and  by  devouring  the 
hastily-written,  immoral,  stereotyped  tales 
about  the  sensualities  of  the  upper  classes, 
the  lust  of  the  aristocracy,  and  the  affec- 
tion that  men  about  town — noble  lords, 
illustrious  dukes,  and  even  princes  of  the 
blood — are  in  the  habit  of  imbibing  for 
maidens  of  low  degree  "  whose  face  is  their 
fortune,"  shop  girls — dressmakers  —  very 
often  dressmakers  and  the  rest  of  the  tribe 
wlio  may  pei'haps  feel  flattered  by  reading 
about  absurd  impossibilities  that  their 
untutored  and  romantic  imaginations  sug- 
gest may,  during  the  course  of  a  life  of 
adventure,  happen  to  themselves.  Well, 
they  wait  day  after  day,  and  year  after 
year  for  the  duke  or  the  prince  of  the  blood, 
perfectly  ready  to  surrender  their  virtue 
when  it  is  asked  for,  until  they  open  their 
eyes,  regard  the  duke  and  the  prince  of  the 
blood  as  apocryphal  or  engaged  to  some- 
body else  more  fortunate  than  themselves, 
and  begin  to  look  a  little  lower,  and  favour- 
ably receive  the  immodest  addresses  of  a 
counter-jumper,  or  a  city  clei'k,  or  failing 
those  a  ruffianly  pot-boy  may  realize  their 
dreams  of  the  ideal ;  at  all  events,  they  are 
already  demoralized  by  the  trash  that  has 
corrupted  their  minds,  and  perfectly  willing 
at  the  first  solicitation  to  put  money  into 
the  pockets  of  the  keepers  of  accommoda- 
tion houses. 

Frocuresfics,  Pimps,  and  Ponders. — Pro- 
curesses are  women  who  in  most  cases 
possess  houses  of  their  own,  where  they 
procure  girls  for  men  who  employ  them. 
These  cstabli.shments  are  called  "  Intro- 
ducing Houses,"  and  are  extremely  lucra- 
tive to  the  proprietors.  There  are  also 
men  who  go  about  for  these  people,  finding 
out  girls,  and  bringing  them  to  the  houses, 
where  they  may  meet  with  men.  The  pro- 
curesses v/ho  keep  introducing  houses  often 
take  in  women  to  lodge  and  board.  But 
they  are  quite  indcpendant,  and  must  be 
well-known  about  town,  and  kept  by  some 
one,   or  the  procuress,  if  she  is,  compara- 


tively speaking,  in  any  position,  will  not 
receive  them. 

To  show  how  the  matter  is  accomplished 
let  us  suppose  an  introducing  house  of 
notoriety  and  good  report  in  its  way,  some- 
where in  the  nighbourhood  of  St.  Oeorge's 
Road,  Pimlico,  a  district  which,  I  may 
observe,  is  prolific  in  loose  women.  A  well- 
known  professional  man,  a  wealthy  m.er- 
chant,  an  M.P.,  or  a  rich  landed  proprietor, 
calls  upon  the  lady  of  the  house,  orders 
some  champagne,  and  enters  into  conver- 
sation about  indifterent  matters,  until  he 
is  able  dehcately  to  broach  the  object  he 
has  in  view.  He  explains  that  he  wishes  to 
meet  with  a  quiet  lady  whose  secrecy  he 
can  rely  upon,  and  whom  he  can  trust  in 
every  possible  way.  He  would  like  her,  we 
will  imagine,  to  be  vivacious,  witty,  and 

gay. 

The  lady  of  the  house  listens  compla- 
centl}^  and  replies  that  she  knows  some 
one  who  exactly  answers  the  description 
the  amorous  M.P.  has  given,  and  says 
that  she  will  send  a  message  to  her  at  once 
if  he  wishes,  but  he  must  take  his  chance 
of  her  being  at  home  ;  if  she  is  out,  an  ap- 
pointment will  be  made  for  the  next  day. 
In  the  mean  time  a  messenger  is  de- 
spatched to  the  lady  in  question,  who  in  all 
probability  does  not  reside  at  any  great 
distance ;  perhaps  in  Stanley  Street,  or 
Winchester  Street,  which  streets  every- 
body knows  are  contiguous  to  St.  George's 
Road,  and  inhabited  by  bcaiity  that  ridi- 
cules decorum  and  laughs  at  tlie  virtuous 
restrictions  that  are  highly  conducive  to  a 
state  of  single  blessedness  and  a  condition 
of  old-maidism.  Some  more  champagne  is 
ordered  and  consumed,  every  bottle  of 
which  costs  the  consumer  fifteen  shillings, 
making  a  profit  to  the  vendor  of  at  least 
seventy  per  cent.  When  the  lady  arrives, 
the  introduction  takes  place,  and  the 
matter  is  finally  arranged  as  far  as  the  in- 
troducer is  concerned.  The  woman  so  in- 
troduced generally  gives  half  the  money 
she  obtains  from  the  man  to  the  keeper  of 
the  house  for  the  introduction. 

Sometimes  these  women  will  write  to 
men  who  occupy  a  high  position  in  society, 
who  are  well-known  at  the  clubs,  and  are 
reputed  to  be  well  ofif,  saying  that  they 
have  a  new  importation  in  their  houses 
from  the  country  that  may  be  disposed  of 
for  a  pecuniary  consideration  of  perhaps 
fifty  or  a  hundred  pounds.  This  amount 
of  course  is  readily  paid  by  men  who  are 
in  search  of  artificial  excitement,  and  the 
negotiation  is  concluded  without  any  diffi- 
culty. A  woman  is  usually  seduced  five  or 
six  times.     By  that  I  mean  she  is  repre- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


251 


sented  as  a  maid,  and  imposed  upon  men 
as  a  virgin,  which  fabrication,  as  it  is  diffi- 
cult to  disprove,  is  beheved,  more  especially 
if  the  girl  herself  be  well  instructed,  and 
knows  how  to  carry  out  the  fraud.  The 
Burhngton  Arcade  is  a  well-known  resort 
of  women  on  the  long  winter  afternoons, 
when  all  the  men  in  London  walk  there 
before  dinner. 

It  is  curious  to  notice  how  the  places  of 
meeting  and  appointment  have  sprung  up 
and  increased  within  the  last  few  years. 
Not  many  years  ago  Kate  Hamilton,  if  I 
am  not  misinformed,  was  knocking  about 
town.  Lizzie  Davis's  has  only  been  open  a 
year  or  two.  Barns's  very  recently  esta- 
blished, and  the  Oxford  and  Cambridge 
last  season.  The  Cafe  Riche  three  years 
ago  used  to  be  called  Bignell's  Cafe.  Sams's 
I  believe  is  the  oldest  of  the  night-houses 
about  the  Haymarket.  The  Cafe  Koyal,  or 
Kate's,  is  the  largest  and  the  most  fre- 
quented, but  is  not  now  so  select  as  it  used 
formerly  to  be.  Mott's,  or  the  Portland 
Rooms,  used  to  be  the  most  fashionable 
dancing  place  in  London,  and  is  now  in 
very  good  repute.  Formerly  only  men  in 
evening  dress  were  admitted  ;  now  this 
distinction  is  abolished,  and  every  one  in- 
discriminately admitted.  This  is  beginning 
to  have  its  effect,  and  in  all  likelihood 
Mott's  will  in  a  short  time  lose  its  prestige. 
It  is  always  so  with  places  of  this  descrip- 
tion. Some  peculiarity  about  the  house, 
or  some  clever  and  notorious  woman,  pre- 
siding over  its  destinies,  makes  it  famous  ; 
when  these  vanish  or  subside,  then  the 
place  goes  down  gradually,  and  some  other 
rival  establishment  takes  its  place. 

Loose  women,  as  I  have  before  asserted, 
very  often  marry,  and  sometimes,  as  often 
as  not,  marry  well.  The  other  day  one  of 
the  most  well-known  women  about  town, 
Mrs.  S — ,  was  married  to  a  German  count ;  a 
few  weeks  ago  Agnes  W — married  a  mem- 
ber of  an  old  Norfolk  family,  who  settled 
three  thousand  a  year  upon  her.  This 
case  will  most  likely  come  before  the  public, 
as  the  family,  questioning  his  sanity,  mean 
to  take  out  a  writ  of  de  lunatico  mquirendo, 
when  the  facts  will  be  elicited  by  counsel 
in  a  court  of  law.  Indeed,  so  little  was  the 
gentleman  himself  satisfied  with  the  match 
that  a  week  after  marriage  he  advertised 
his  wife  in  the  newspapers,  saying  he  would 
not  be  held  responsible  for  her  further 
debts.  These  out'  of  many  others.  A 
frequenter  of  the  night-houses  will  notice 
many  changes  in  the  course  of  the  year, 
although  some  well-known  face  will  turn  up 
now  and  then.  The  habitue  may  miss  the 
accustomed    laugh  and  unabashed   impu- 


dence of  the  "  nun,"  who  always  ap- 
peared so  fascinating  and  piqunnte  in  her 
little  "  Jane  Clarke  "  bonnet,  and  demure 
black  silk  dress.  The  "  nun"  may  be  far 
away  with  her  regiment  in  Ireland,  or  some 
remote  part  of  England  ;  for  be  it  known 
that  ladies  are  attached  to  the  service  as 
well  as  men,  and  the  cavalry  rejoices  more 
than  the  line  in  the  softening  influences  of  fe- 
minine society.  Amongst  the  little  scandals 
of  the  night,  it  may  be  rumoured  within 
the  sacred  precincts  of  the  Cafe  Royal  by 
"Suppers"  of  the  Admiralty,  who  has 
obtained  that  soubriquet  by  his  known 
unwillingness  to  stand  these  midnight 
banquets,  that  the  "  Baby  "  was  seen  at  the 
Holborn  with  a  heightened  colour,  rather 
the  production  of  art  than  nature ;  ergo, 
the  "  Baby  "  is  falling  off,  which  remark  it 
is  fortunate  for  "  Suppers  "  the  Baby  does 
not  overhear.  Billy  Valentine,  of  her 
Majesty's  "horse  and  saddle"  department 
of  the  Ilome  Office,  as  is  his  usual  custom, 
may  be  seen  at  Coney's,  exchanging  a  little 
quiet  chaff  with  "  Poodle,"  whose  hair 
is  more  crimped  than  ever,  while  the 
"  Poodle  "  is  dexterously  extracting  a  bottle 
of  Moselle  out  of  him  for  the  benefit  of  the 
establishment.  There  is  a  woman  of  very 
mature  age  who  goes  about  from  one  night- 
house  to  another  with  her  betting  book  in 
her  hand,  perhaps  "cadging"  for  men. 
Then  there  is  Madame  S.  S. — ,  who  plays 
the  piano  in  diflerent  places,  and  Dirty 
Dick,  who  is  always  in  a  state  of  intoxica- 
tion ;  but  who,  as  he  spends  his  money 
freely,  is  never  objected  to. 

But  the  night-houses  are  carrying  me 
away  from  my  subject. 

Pimps  are  frequently  spoken  of,  and 
pimping  is  a  word  very  generally  used,  but 
I  doubt  very  much  whether  many  of  them 
exist,  at  least  of  the  male  gender.  The 
women  do  most  of  the  pimping  that  is 
requisite  to  carry  on  the  amours  of  London 
society,  and  pander  is  a  word  that  merges 
into  the  other,  losing  any  distinctive  sig- 
nificancy  that  it  may  possess  for  the  eyes 
of  a  lexicographer.  A  woman  when  she 
introduces  a  man  to  a  woman  is  literally 
pimping  for  him,  or  what  I  have  said  about 
keepers  of  introducing  houses  must  apply 
generally  to  the  panders  and  the  pimps.  I 
may  add  a  story  I  heard  of  a  bully  attached 
to  a  brothel,  who  on  one  occasion  acting  as 
a  pimp,  went  into  the  streets  to  pick  up 
a  woman  who  was  required  for  the  pur- 
poses of  the  establishment.  He  went  some 
way  without  success,  and  at  last  met  a 
''wandering  beauty  of  the  night,"  whom 
he  solicited  ;  she  yielded  to  his  entreaties, 
and  followed   him  to  his  brotlicl.     ^Vh(iU 


>52 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


they  reached  the  light  in  the  passage  she 
raised  her  veil,  when  he  was  as  horrified  as 
a  man  in  his  position  and  with  his  feelings 
could  be  to  perceive  that  he  had  brought 
his  own  sister  to  an  immoral  house:  he 
had  not  seen  her  for  some  years.  His 
profligacy  had  killed  his  father,  had  brought 
him  to  his  present  degraded  position,  and 
in  a  great  measure  occasioned  his  sister's 
fall  and  way  of  living. 

Ex  uno— the  proverb  says — a  lesson  may 
be  taught  a  great  many. 

Fancy-men. — Fancy-men  are  an  extremely 
peculiar  class,  and  are  highly  interesting  to 
those  who  take  an  interest  in  prostitutes 
and  their  associates.  They  are — that  is  the 
best  of  them — tolerably  well-dressed  and 
well- looking,  and  sufficiently  gentlemanly 
for  women  to  like  to  be  seen  about 
with  them.  I  am  now  speaking  of  those 
who  cohabit  with  the  best  women  about 
town. 

Parent  Diichatelet  discourses  at  some 
length  on  this  subject,  and  treats  it  with 
great  perspicuity  and  succinctness.  He 
asserts  that  it  is  a  common  thing  for  many 
law  students  and  medical  students  to  be 
kept,  or  semi-supported,  by  loose  women 
in  Paris.  This  is  a  state  of  things  that  I 
need  hardly  say  is  never  observed  in  Eng- 
land. Yet  there  is  a  class  who  throw  all 
their  self-respect  into  the  background,  and 
allow  themselves  to  be  partially  maintained 
by  loose  women  who  have  imbibed  a  par- 
tiality for  them.  They  frequent  the  night- 
houses  in  Panton  Street,  and  often  hook 
gentlemen  out  of  several  sovereigns,  or  by 
tossing  them  for  champagne  make  them 
pay  for  several  bottles  in  the  course  of  the 
evening.  By  this  it  may  be  readily  under- 
stood that  they  are  in  league  with  the  j)ro- 
prietor  of  the  establishment ;  and  that  this 
is  .undeniably  the  case  in  one  instance  I 
will  unhesitatingly  declare.  It  may  be  so 
in  others,  but  I  am  not  prepared  to  say  so. 
I  need  not  mention  the  name  of  the  house 
for  obvious  reasons,  but  any  one  who  has 
the  slightest  knowledge  of  the  subject  will 
be  obliged,  if  he  values  his  veracity,  to  cor- 
roborate my  statement.  The  best,  or  the 
aristocracy  of  fancy-men,  are  for  the  most 
part  on  the  turf.  They  bet  when  they 
have  money  to  bet  with,  and  when  they 
have  not  they  endeavour,  without  scruple, 
to  procure  it  from  their  mistresses,  who 
never  hesitate  a  moment  in  giving  it  them 
if  they  have  it,  or  procuring  it  for  them 
by  some  means,  however  degrading  such 
means  may  be.  A  fancy-man  connected 
with  a  prostitute  who  is  acquainted  with  a 
good  set  of  men  will,  as  the  evening  ad- 


vances, be  seen  in  one  of  the  night-houses 
in  Panton  Street.     His  woman  will  come  in 
perhaps  about  one  o'clock,  accompanied  by 
one  or  two  men.     Whilst  they  are  talking 
and  drinking  he  will  come  up  and  speak  to 
the  woman,  as  if  she  was  an  old  flame  of 
his,  and  she  will  treat  him  in  the  same 
manner,  though  more  as  a  casual  acquaint- 
ance.    In  the  course  of  time  he  will  get 
into  conversation  with  her  men,  and  they, 
taking  him  for  a  gentleman,  will  talk  to  him 
in  a  friendly  manner.     After   a  while   he 
will  propose  to  toss  them  for  a  bottle  of 
champagne  or  a  Moselle  cup.      Then  the 
swindling  begins.     The  fancy -man  has  an 
infallible  recipe  for  winning.     He  has  in  his 
hand  a  cover  for  the  half-crown  he  tosses 
with,  which  enables  him  to  win,  however 
the  piece  falls.  It  is  a  sort  of  "  heads  I  win, 
tails    you  lose,"   a   principle   with   which 
schoolboys   of    a    speculative    disposition 
bother  their  friends.     Sometimes  the  pro- 
prietor of  the  house  will  come  up  and  begin 
to  talk  to  them,  ask  them  to  step  upstairs 
to  have  supper,  and  get  them  into  a  room 
where   the   victim   may    be   legged    more 
quietly,  and   more   at   their  leisure.     The 
proprietor  then  says  that  he  must  in  his 
turn  "stand"  a  bottle  of  champagne,  but 
the  fancy-man,  pretending  to  be  indignant, 
interposes,  and  exclaims,  "  No,  let's  toss  ;" 
so  they  toss.      The  fancy-man   loses  the 
toss,   pays   the    proprietor   at   once   with 
money,  with  which  he  has  been  previously 
supplied,  and  the  man  is  more  completely 
gulled  than  ever.     He  may  be  some  man 
in  the  service  up  in  town  on  leave  for  a 
short  while,  and  determined  as  long  as  he 
stays  to  go  in  for  some  fun,  no  doubt  well 
supplied  with  money,  and  careless  how  he 
spends  it.     He  would  be  very  irate  if  he 
discovered  how  he  was  being  robbed,  and 
in  all  likelihood  smash  the  place  up,  and 
the  fancy-man  into  the  bargain,  for  people 
are  not  very  scrupulous  as  to  what  they  do 
in   the   night-houses.      But    the   afiair  is 
managed  so  skilfully  that  he  loses  his  four 
or   five    pounds   at    tossing    or    at    some 
game  or  other  with  equanimity,  and  with- 
out a  murmur,  for  he  thinks  it  is  his  luck 
which  happens  to  be  adverse,  and  never 
dreams  for  one  instant  that  his  adversary 
is  not  playing  on  the  "  square."    The  rows 
that  take  place  in  the  night-houses  never 
find  their  way  into  the  papers.     It  isn't  the 
"  little  game  "  of  the  proprietors  to  allow 
them,  and  the  police,  if  they  are  called  in, 
are  too  well  bribed  to  take   any  further 
notice,  without   they  are  particularly  re- 
quested.    1  was  told  of  a  disturbance  that 
took  place  in  one  of  the  night- houses  in 
Panton  Street,  not  more  than  a  year  ago, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


253 


which  for  brutahty  and  savage  ferocity  I 
should  think  could  not  be  equalled  by  a 
scalping  party  of  North  American  Red  In- 
dians. 

Two  gentlemen  had  adjourned  there  after 
the  theatre,  and  were  quietly  drinking  some 
brandy  and  soda  when  a  woman,  with  a 
very  large  crinoline,  came  in  and  went  up 
to  one  of  them,  whom  we  will  call  A.  She 
asked  him  for  something  to  drink,  and  he, 
perceiving  she  was  very  drunk  already, 
chaffed  her  a  little.  Angry  at  his  j^ersiflage, 
she  leant  over  and  seized  his  glass,  which 
she  threw  intoacorner  of  the  room,  smash- 
ing it  to  atoms,  and  s^^illing  its  contents. 
While  doing  so  her  crinoline  flew  into  the 
air,  and  A.  put  out  his  hand  to  keep  it 
down.  She  immediately  began  to  slang 
him  and  abuse  him  immoderately,  declaring 
that  he  attempted  to  take  indecent  liberties 
with  her,  and  attempting  finally  to  strike 
him  he  good-humouredly  held  her  hands  ; 
but  she  got  more  furious  every  moment, 
and  at  last  he  had  to  push  her  down  rather 
violently  into  a  chair.  A  man  who  w^as 
sitting  at  an  opposite  table  commented 
upon  this  in  an  audible  and  offensive  man- 
ner, which  excessively  annoyed  A.,  who 
however  at  first  took  no  notice  of  his  con- 
duct. Presently  he  handed  the  woman 
over  to  one  of  the  waiters,  who  with  some 
difficulty  turned  her  out.  Then  the  man 
who  had  before  spoken  said,  "D — d  plucky 
thing,  by  Jove,  to  strike  a  woman."  A. 
made  some  reply  to  this,  and  the  other 
man  got  up,  when  A.  flew  at  him  and 
knocked  him  down.  Two  waiters  ran  up 
and  seized  A.  by  either  arm,  when  the  man 
got  up  Irom  his  recumbent  position  and 
struck  A.,  while  he  was  being  retained  by 
the  waiters,  a  tremendous  blow  in  the  face, 
which  speedily  covered  him  with  blood. 
A.,  exerting  all  his  strength,  liberated  him- 
self, and  rushed  at  the  coward,  knocking 
him  over  a  table,  jumping  over  after  him, 
seizing  his  head  and  knocking  it  against 
the  floor  in  a  frightful  manner.  The  door 
porters  were  then  called  in,  and  A.  with 
great  difficulty  turned  out.  A.'s  friend  had 
been  waiting  his  opportunity,  which  had 
not  yet  come.  When  A.  was  at  the  door 
the  man  he  had  knocked  down  raised  him- 
self up.  A.'s  friend  seized  him  by  the 
collar  and  by  one  of  his  legs,  and  threw 
him  with  all  his  force  along  the  table, 
which  was  covered  with  glass.  The  velo- 
city with  which  he  was  thrown  drove 
everything  before  him  until  he  fell  down 
on  the  top  of  the  broken  glass  in  a  corner 
stunned  and  bleeding.  His  assailant  then 
put  his  head  down  and  charged  like  a  bat- 
tering-ram. through  the  opposing  throng. 


throwing  them  right  and  left,  till  he  joined 
his  friend  in  the  street. 

Many  low  betting-men  are  partially  kept 
by  prostitutes — men  who  frequent  Bride 
Lane  and  similar  places,  who,  when  out  of 
luck,  fall  back  upon  their  women.  Many 
thieves,  too,  are  fancy-men,  and  almost  all 
the  ruffians  who  go  about  "  picking  up,"  as 
the  police  call  it,  which  I  have  explained 
before  to  be  a  species  of  highway  robbery. 
The  prostitute  goes  up  to  a  man,  and  while 
she  is  talking  to  him  the  ruffians  come  up 
and  plunder  him.  If  the  victim  is  drunk 
so  much  the  better.  Most  low  prostitutes 
have  their  fancy-men,  such  as  waiters  at 
taverns,  labourers — loose  characters,  half 
thieves  half  loafers.  It  is  strange  that  such 
baseness  should  find  a  place  in  a  man,  but 
experience  proves  what  I  have  said  to  be 
true  ;  and  there  are  numbers  of  men  in  the 
metropolis  who  think  nothing  of  being 
kept  by  a  prostitute  on  the  proceeds  of  her 
ohame  and  her  disgrace. 

Bullies. — Bullies  are  men  attached  to 
brothels  and  bawdy-houses  ;  but  this  re- 
mark must  not  be  understood  to  apply  to 
houses  of  a  superior  description,  for  it 
would  not  pay  them  to  extort  money  from 
their  customers,  as  they  have  a  character 
and  a  reputation  to  support. 

The  bullies  attached  to  lov7  bawdy-houses 
are  ostensibly  kept  to  perform  the  functions 
of  door-keepers,  but  in  reality  to  prevent 
men  from  going  away  without  paying 
enough  money  ;  they  are  in  many  cases  a 
necessary  precaution  against  "bilking,"  or 
going  away  without  paying  anything.  If  a 
weU-dressed  man  went  into  an  immoral 
house  in  Spitalfields,  Whitechapel,  or  Shad- 
well,  he  would  assuredly  be  robbed,  but 
not  maltreated  to  any  greater  extent  than 
was  absolutely  requisite  to  obtain  his 
money,  and  other  valuables  he  might  chance 
to  have  about  him,  at  the  time  the  depre- 
dation was  committed. 

A  man  a  httle  tipsy  once  found  himself, 
he  hardly  knew  how,  on  the  transpontine 
side  of  Waterloo  Bridge,  not  far  from  Stam- 
ford Street.  It  was  past  twelve,  and  on 
being  accosted  by  a  woman,  he  half  un- 
consciously followed  her  to  her  rooms  in 
Stamford  Street,  which  were  situated  about 
half-way  down,  near  Duke  Street,  Black- 
friars.  When  upstairs  he  sent  the  servant 
out  for  some  brandy  and  soda-water,  and 
not  having  enough  silver  gave  her  half-a- 
sovereign  for  that  purpose,  telling  her  to 
bring  him  the  change.  She  soon  returned 
with  a  bottle  of  brandy,  which  she  said  cost 
eight  shillings,  and  two  bottles  of  soda- 
water,  and  keeping  one  shilling  for  herself, 


254 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


told  him  she  had  no  change  to  give  him : 
he  put  up  with  this  extortion,  for  he  was 
too  tipsy  to  make  any  resistance.  The  time 
passed  quickly,  and  he  spent  two  or  three 
hours  in  her  society,  until  the  soda-water 
somewhat  sobered  him,  when  he  i3ut 
on  his  hat  and  declared  his  intention  of 
going  away.  The  woman  sprang  up  to 
stop  him,  and  placed  her  back  against  the 
door,  meantime  calling  some  one  with  all 
her  might.  Being  a  strong  powerful  man, 
he  seized  her  by  the  arm  and  flung  her  on 
a  sofa.  Opening  the  door,  he  heard  some 
one  rapidly  coming  up  stairs  ;  he  rushed 
back  to  the  room  and  laid  hold  of  a  chair, 
which  he  threw  at  the  advancing  figure  ;  it 
missed  it,  but  had  the  effect  of  causing  it 
to  retreat.  Chair  after  chair  followed  until 
the  room  was  nearly  denuded  of  its  furni- 
ture, the  woman  being  all  the  time  too 
frightened  to  take  any  part  in  the  affray. 
The  man  next  took  the  poker  in  one  hand 
the  lamp  in  the  other,  and  began  to  descend 
the  stairs,  which  he  did  with  some  diffi- 
culty, as  the  chairs  rather  impeded  his 
progress.  He  had  no  doubt  his  adversary 
was  waiting  for  him  at  the  bottom,  and  it 
was  evident  that  it  was  there  the  real 
struggle  would  take  place.  He  descended 
very  cautiously  until  he  was  very  near  tho 
end  of  the  stairs,  when  he  saw  a  tall 
strongly-built  man  awaiting  him  with  a 
bludgeon  in  his  hand.  The  gentleman 
carefully,  in  the  short  space  he  had,  recon- 
noitred the  exit  to  the  street  by  throwing 
the  light  of  the  lamp  full  into  the  passage. 
The  bully  finding  he  was  discovered  began 
to  curse  and  make  demonstrations  of  hos- 
tility, but  remained  where  he  was,  as  he 
was  possessed  of  the  best  position.  The 
gentleman  when  he  was  within  three  or 
four  steps  of  the  ground,  hurled  the  lamp 
with  all  his  force  at  the  bully,  striking  him 
on  the  forehead.  The  lamp  was  smashed  to 
atoms,  and  everything  directly  plunged  in 
darkness.  After  this  he  ran  in  the  direc- 
tion of  the  door,  but  he  found  the  chain 
up  :  while  he  was  unfastening  this  as  well 
as  he  could  in  the  dark,  he  heard  his  anta- 
gonist picking  himself  up  and  muttering 
threats  of  vengeance.  In  a  moment  or  two 
he  began  to  grope  his  way  towards  the 
door,  but  fortunately  the  gentleman  had 
succeeded  in  undoing  the  chain,  and  fling- 
ing the  door  wide  open,  he  emerged  into 
the  street  and  began  to  run  in  the  direction 
of  the  Waterloo  Road  as  fast  as  he  could. 
He  made  his  escape  ;  but  if  he  had  not  had 
presence  of  mind,  and  been  strong  and 
powerful  enough  to  fight  with  the  bully, 
the  result  might  have  been  very  difierent. 
A  man  who  would  be  a  bully  at  a  bawdy- 


house  would  stick  at  nothing..  During  the 
daytime  they  either  sleep  or  lounge  about 
smoking  a  short  pipe,  or  go  to  the  pawn- 
shops for  the  women,  or  else  to  the  public 
for  gin. 

The  men  who  used  to  keep  the  Cocoa  Tree 
in  St.  James's  Street  were  two  brothers, 
who,  when  they  were  yovmg,  held  a  posi- 
tion of  no  great  importance  in  their 
mother's  house,  which  was  nothing  more 
than  a  house  of  ill  fame.  They  might  have 
degenerated  into  something  of  the  same 
sort,  but  they  had  a  certain  amount  of 
talent  and  opportunities,  and  once  being 
possessed  of  this  gambling  house,  which 
was  famous  enough  in  its  day,  they  made 
money  quickly  enough. 

It  is  not  men  though,  who  have  been 
amongst  these  scenes  when  they  are  young, 
who  take  to  this  sort  of  hfc.  It  is  generally 
returned  convicts  or  gaol  birds,  who  look 
upon  themselves  as  victims,  and  get  despe- 
rate, and  do  not  care  very  much  what  they 
do  as  long  as  they  can  have  an  easy  time  of 
it  and  enough  to  eat  and  drink. 

Sometimes,  if  they  watch  their  oppor- 
tunity, they  may  become  proprietors  of 
bawdy-houses  themselves.  Great  events 
spring  from  little  causes  ;  and  good  manage- 
ment and  a  good  locality  will  always  make 
a  bawdy-house  remunerative  ;  but  bullies 
generall}''  have  no  energy,  and  are  wanting 
in  administrative  capability,  and  more  often 
than  not  die  of  disease  and  excess  in  the 
gutter. 

The  Argyle  Rooms  were  once  a  small 
public-house  called  the  "Hall  of  Rome," 
where  tableaux  vivants  and  poses  plastiques 
found  a  home  and  an  audience  ;  but  energy 
and  a  combination  of  causes  have  made 
it  the  first  casino  in  London. 

A  bully  in  a  house  in  one  of  the  streets 
near  the  Haymarket,  who  was  loafing  about 
a  public-house,  told  me  in  return  for  some 
spirits  I  paid  for,  that  he  was  a  ticket-of- 
leave  man — "he  didn't  mind  saying  it,  why 
should  he  ?  he'd  got  his  ticket-of-leave,  he 
had,  and  he'd  show  it  me  in  two  twos. 

"When  he  corned  back  from  Norfolk 
Island,  which  he'd  been  sent  to  for  a  term 
of  seven  years,  he  knew  no  one  in  town, 
his  pals  mostly  was  lagged  by  police,  and 
his  most  hiutimit  friend  was  hanged  by 
mistake  at  the  Old  Bailey — he  knew  it  was 
by  mistake,  as  his  friend  was  hincapable  of 
such  an  act  without  he  was  riled  extraordi- 
nary. Well,  he  took  to  the  bullying  dodge, 
which  paid.  He  couldn't  work,  it  wornt 
in  his  natur,  and  he  took  to  bullying,  kindly 
— it  suited  him,  it  just  did,  and  that  was 
all  about  it." 

The  bullies  are  the  lowest  ruffians  going, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


255 


and  will  not  mind  doing  any  act  of  iniquity, 
although  they  stand  in  great  dread  of  the 
police,  and  generally  manage  matters  so  as 
to  keep  out  of  their  clutches. 

Clandestine  Prostitutes. 

The  next  division  of  our  subject  is  clan- 
destine prostitution,  whose  ramifications 
are  very  extensive.  In  it  we  must  include  : 
1,  Female  operatives  ;  2.  Maid-servants,  all 
of  whom  are  amateurs,  as  opposed  to  pro- 
fessionals, or  as  we  have  had  occasion  to 
observe  before,  more  commonly  known  as 
"Dollymops";  3,  Ladies  of  intrigue,  who 
see  men  to  gratify  their  passions ;  and 
4.  Keepers  of  houses  of  assignation,  where 
the  last-mentioned  class  may  carry  on  their 
amours  with  secresy. 

This  in  reality  I  regard  as  the  most 
serious  side  of  prostitution.  This  more 
clearly  stamps  the  character  of  the  nation. 
A  thousand  and  one  causes  may  lead  to  a 
woman's  becoming  a  professional  prosti- 
tute, but  if  a  woman  goes  wrong  without 
any  very  cogent  reason  for  so  doing,  there 
must  be  something  radically  wrong  in  her 
composition,  and  inherently  bad  in  her 
nature,  to  lead  her  to  abandon  her  person 
to  the  other  sex,  who  are  at  all  times  ready 
to  take  advantage  of  a  woman's  weakness 
and  a  woman's  love. 

There  is  a  tone  of  morality  throughout 
the  rural  districts  of  England,  which  is  un- 
happily wanting  in  the  large  towns  and 
the  centres  of  particular  manufactures. 
Commerce  is  incontestably  demoralizing. 
Its  effects  are  to  be  seen  more  and  more 
every  dav.  Why  it  should  be  so,  it  is  not 
our  i3rovmce  to  discuss,  but  seduction  and 
prostitution,  in  spite  of  the  precepts  of  the 
Church,  and  the  examples  of  her  ministers, 
/  have  made  enormous  strides  in  all  our  great 
I  towns  within  the  last  twenty  years.  Go 
through  the  large  manufacturing  districts, 
where  factory-hands  congregate,  or  more 
properly  herd  together,  test  them,  examine 
them,  talk  to  them,  observe  for  yourself, 
and  you  will  come  away  with  the  impres- 
sion that  there  is  room  for  much  improve- 
ment. Then  cast  your  eye  over  the  statis- 
tics of  births  and  the  returns  of  the 
Registrar-General,  and  compare  the  num- 
ber of  legitimate  with  illegitimate  births. 
Add  up  the  number  of  infanticides  and  the 
number  of  deaths  of  infants  of  tender 
years — an  item  more  alarming  than  any. 
Goldsmith  has  said  that  "honour  siuks 
when  commerce  long  prevails,"  and  a  truer 
remark  was  never  made,  although  the 
animus  of  the  poet  was  directed  more 
against  men  than  women. 


Female  Operatives, — When  alluding  ca- 
sually to  this  subject  before,  I  enumerated 
some  of  the  trades  that  supplied  women 
to  swell  the  ranks  of  prostitution,  amongst 
which  are  milliners,  dress-makers,  straw 
bonnet-makers,  furriers,  hat-binders,  silk- 
winders,  tambour-workers,  shoe-binders, 
slop-women,  or  those  who  work  for  cheap 
tailors,  those  in  pastry-cook,  fancy  and 
cigar-shops,  bazaars,  and  ballet-girls. 

I  have  heard  it  asserted  in  more  than 
one  quarter,  although  of  course  such  asser- 
tions cannot  be  authenticated,  or  made 
reliable,  for  want  of  data,  that  one  out  of 
three  of  all  the  female  operatives  in  London 
are  unchaste,  and  in  the  habit  of  prosti- 
tuting themselves  when  occasion  offers, 
either  for  money,  or  more  frequently  for 
their  own  gratification. 

I  met  a  woman  in  Fleet  Street,  who  told 
me  that  she  came  into  the  streets  now  and 
then  to  get  money  not  to  subsist  upon,  but 
to  supply  her  with  funds  to  meet  the  debts 
her  extravagance  caused  her  to  contract. 
But  I  will  put  her  narrative  into  a  conse- 
cutive form. 

"  Ever  since  I  was  twelve,"  she  said,  "  I 
have  worked  in  a  printing  office  where  a 
celebrated  London  morning  journal  is  put 
in  type  and  goes  to  press.  I  get  enough 
money  to  live  upon  comfortably  ;  but  then 
I  am  extravagant,  and  spend  a  great  deal 
of  money  in  eating  and  drinking,  more  than 
you  would  imagine.  My  appetite  is  very 
delicate,  and  my  constitution  not  at  all 
strong.  I  long  for  certain  things  like  a 
woman  in  the  family  way,  and  I  must  have 
them  by  hook  or  by  crook.  The  fact  is 
the  close  confinement  and  the  night  air 
upset  me  and  disorder  my  digestion.  1 
have  the  most  expensive  things  sometimes, 
and  when  I  can,  I  live  in  a  sumptuous 
manner,  comparatively  speaking.  I  am  at- 
tached to  a  man  in  our  office,  to  whom  1 
shall  be  married  some  day.  Pie  does  not 
suspect  me,  but  on  the  contrary  believes 
me  to  be  true  to  him,  and  you  do  not  sup- 
pose that  I  ever  take  the  trouble  to  un- 
deceive him.  I  am  nineteen  now,  and  have 
carried  on  with  my  '  typo '  for  nearly 
three  years  now.  I  sometimes  go  to  the 
Haymarket,  either  early  in  the  evening,  or 
early  in  the  morning,  v;hen  I  can  get  away 
from  the  printing ;  and  sometimes  I  do  a 
little  in  the  day-time.  This  is  not  a  fre- 
quent practice  of  mine  •,  I  only  do  it  v/hen 
I  want  money  to  pay  anything.  I  am  out 
now  with  the  avowed  intention  of  picking 
up  a  man,  or  making  an  appointment  with 
some  one  far  to-morrow  or  some  time 
during  the  week.  I  always  dress  well,  at 
least  you  mayn't  think  so,  but  I  am  always 


.250 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOE. 


neat,  and  respectable,  and  clean,  if  the 
things  I  have  on  ain't  worth  the  sight  of 
money  that  some  women's  things  cost 
them.  I  have  good  feet  too,  and  as  I  find 
they  attract  attention,  I  always  parade 
them.  And  I've  hooked  many  a  man  by 
showing  my  ankle  on  a  wet  day.  I  shan't 
think  anything  of  all  this  when  I'm  married. 
I  believe  my  young  man  would  marry  me 
just  as  soon  if  he  found  out  I  went  with 
others  as  he  would  now.  I  carry  on  with 
him  now,  and  he  likes  me  very  much.  I 
ain't  of  any  particular  family ;  to  tell  the 
truth,  I  was  put  in  the  workhouse  when 
I  was  young,  and  they  apprenticed  me.  I 
never  knew  my  father  or  my  mother,  al- 
though 'my  father  was,  as  I've  heard  say, 
a  well-known  swell  of  capers  gay,  who 
cut  his  last  fling  with  great  applause ;'  or, 
if  you  must  know,  I  heard  that  he  was 
hung  for  killing  a  man  who  opposed  him 
when  committing  a  burglary..  In  other 
words,  he  was  '  a  macing-cove  what  robs,' 
and  I'm  his  daughter,  worse  luck.  I  used 
to  think  at  fn-st,  but  what  was  the  good  of 
being  wretched  about  it  ?  I  couldn't  get 
over  for  some  time,  because  I  was  envious, 
like  a  little  fool,  of  other  people,  but  I 
reasoned,  and  at  last  I  did  recover  myself, 
and  was  rather  glad  that  my  position  freed 
me  from  certain  restrictions.  I  had  no 
mother  whose  heart  I  shou'd  break  by  my 
conduct,  or  no  father  who  could  threaten 
me  with  bringing  his  grey  hairs  with  sor- 
row to  the  grave.  I  had  a  pretty  good 
example  to  follow  set  before  me,  and  I 
didn't  scruple  to  argue  that  I  was  not  to  be 
blamed  for  what  I  did.  Birth,  is  the  result 
of  accident.  It  is  the  merest  chance  in  the 
world  whether  you're  born  a  countess  or  a 
washerwoman.  I'm  neither  one  nor  t'other  ; 
I'm  only  a  mot  who  does  a  little  typo- 
graphing  by  way  of  variety.  Those  who 
have  hail  good  nursing,  and  all  that,  and 
the  advantages  of  a  sound  education,  who 
have  a  position  to  lose,  prospects  to  blight, 
and  relations  to  dishonour,  may  be  blamed 
for  going  on  the  loose,  but  I'll  be  hanged 
if  I  think  that  priest  or  morahst  is  to 
come  down  on  me  with  the  sledge-hammer 
of  their  denunciation.  You  look  rather  sur- 
prised at  my  talking  so  well.  I  know  I 
talk  well,  but  you  must  remember  what  a 
lot  has  jjassed  through  my  hands  for  the 
last  seven  years,  and  what  a  lot  of  copy 
I've  set  up.  There  is  very  little  I  don't 
know,  I  can  tell  you.  It's  what  old  Eobert 
Owen  would  call  the  spread  of  educa- 
tion." 

I  had  to  talk  some  time^to  this  girl 
before  she  was  so  communicative  ;  but  it 
must  be  allowed  my  assiduity  was  amply 


repaid.  The  common  sense  she  displayed 
was  extraordinarv  for  one  in  her  position  ; 
but,  as  she  said,  she  certainly  had  had 
superior  opportunities,  of  which  she  had 
made  the  most.  And  her  arguments,  ,' 
though  based  upon  fallacy,  were  exceed- 
ingly clever  and  well  put.  So  much  for  the 
spread  of  education  amongst  the  masses. 
Who  knows  to  what  it  will  lead  % 

The  next  case  that  came  under  my  notice 
was  one  of  a  very  different  description.  1 
met  a  woman  in  Leadenhall  Street,  a  little 
past  the  India  House,  going  towards  White- 
chapel.  She  told  me,  without  much  sohci- 
tation  on  my  part,  that  she  was  driven  into 
the  streets  by  want.  Far  from  such  a 
thing  being  her  inclination,  she  recoiled 
from  it  with  horror,  and  had  there  been  no 
one  else  in  the  case,  she  would  have  pre- 
ferred starvation  to  such  a  life.  I  thought 
of  the  motto  Vergniaud  the  Girondist  wrote 
on  the  wall  of  his  dungeon  in  his  blood, 
"  Potius  mori  quam  foedari,"  and  I  admired 
the  woman  whilst  I  pitied  her.  It  is  easy 
to  condemn,  but  even  vice  takes  the  sem- 
blance of  virtue  when  it  has  a  certain  end  in 
Every  crime  ought  to  be  examined 


view. 


into  carefully  in  order  that  the  motive  that 
urged  to  the  commission  may  be  elicited, 
and  that  should  be  always  thrown  into  the 
scale  in  mitigation  or  augmentation  of 
punishment. 

Her  father  was  a  dock  labourer  by  trade, 
and  had  been  ever  since  he  came  to  London, 
which  he  did  some  years  ago,  when  there 
was  great  distress  in  Eochdale,  where  he 
worked  in  a  cotton  factory ;  but  being 
starved  out  there  after  working  short  time 
for  some  weeks,  he  tramped  with  his 
daughter,  then  about  fourteen,  up  to  town, 
and  could  get  nothing  to  do  but  work  in 
the  docks,  which  requires  no  skill,  only  a 
good  constitution,  and  the  strength  and 
endurance  of  a  horse.  This  however,  as 
every  one  knows,  is  a  precarious  sort  of 
employment,  very  much  sought  after 
by  strong,  able-bodied  men  out  of  work. 
The  docks  are  a  refuge  for  all  Spitalfields 
and  the  adjacent  parishes  for  men  out  of 
work,  or  men  whuse  trade  is  slack  for  a 
time.  Some  three  weeks  before  I  met  her, 
the  girl's  father  had  the  misfortune  to  break 
his  arm  and  to  injure  his  spine  by  a  small 
keg  of  spirits  slipping  from  a  crane  near  to 
which  he  was  standing.  They  took  him  to 
the  hospital,  where  he  then  was.  The 
girl  herself  worked  as  a  hat-binder,  for 
which  she  was  very  indifterently  paid,  and 
even  that  poor  means  of  support  she  had 
lost  latcl}'  through  the  failure  of  the  house 
she  worked  for.  She  went  to  see  her  father 
every  day,  and  always  contrived  to  take 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


257 


him  sometliing,  if  it  only  cost  twopence, 
as  a  mark  of  affection  on  her  part,  which 
he  was  not  slow  in  appreciating,  and  no 
doubt  found  his  daughter's  kindness  a 
great  consolation  to  him  in  the  midst 
of  his  troubles.  She  said,  "  I  tried  every- 
where to  get  employment,  and  I  couldn't. 
I  ain't  very  good  with  my  needle  at  fine 
needlework,  and  the  slopsellers  won't  have 
me.  I  would  have  slaved  for  them 
though,  I  do  assure  you,  sir  ;  bad  as  they 
do  pay  you,  and  hard  as  you  must 
work  for  them  to  get  enough  to  live  upon, 
and  poor  living,  God  knows,  at  that.  I 
feel  very  miserable  for  what  I've  done,  but 
I  was  driven  to  it ;  indeed  I  was,  sir.  I 
daren't  tell  father,  for  he'd  curse  me  at 
first,  though  he  might  forgive  me  after- 
wards :  for  though  he's  poor,  he's  always 
been  honest,  and  borne  a  good  name  ;  but 
now — I  can't  help  crying  a  bit,  sir.  I 
ain't  thoroughly  hardened  yet,  and  it's  a 
hard  case  as  ever  was,  I  do  wish  I  was 
dead  and  there  was  an  end  of  everything,  I 
am  so  awfully  sad  and  heart-broken.  If  it 
don't  kill  me,  I  suppose  I  shall  get  used  to 
it  in  time.  The  low  rate  of  wages  I  re- 
ceived has  often  put  it  into  my  head  to  go 
wrong ;  but  I  have  always  withstood  the 
temptation,  and  nothing  but  so  many 
misfortunes  and  trials  coming  together 
could  ever  have  induced  me  to  do  it." 

This,  I  have  every  reason  to  believe,  was 
a  genuine  tale  of  distress  told  with  all 
simplicity  and  truth,  although  everything 
that  a  woman  of  loose  morals  says  must  be 
received  with  caution,  and  believed  under 
protest. 

Ballet-girls  have  a  bad  reputation,  which  is 
in  most  cases  well  deserved.  To  begin  with 
their  remuneration — it  is  very  poor.  They 
get  from  nine  to  eighteen  shillings.  Colum- 
bine in  the  pantomime  gets  five  pounds  a 
week,  but  then  hers  is  a  prominent  posi- 
tion. Out  of  these  nine  to  eighteen  shil- 
lings they  have  to  find  shoes  and  petticoats, 
silk  stockings,  etc.,  etc.,  so  that  the  pay  is 
hardly  adequate  to  their  expenditure,  and 
quite  insufficient  to  fit  them  out  and  find 
them  in  food  and  lodging.  Can  it  be 
wondered  at,  that  while  this  state  of  things 
exists,  ballet-girls  should  be  compelled  to 
seek  a  livelihood  by  resorting  to  prosti- 
tution ? 

Many   causes    may  be    enumerated   to 
account  for  the  lax  morality  of  our  female 
operatives, 
must  class 

1.  Low  wages  inadequate  to  their 
tenance. 

2.  Natural  levitj^  and  the  example  around 
them. 


Among  the  chief  of  v/hich  we 


sus- 


3.  Love  of  dress  and  display,  coupled 
with  the  desire  for  a  sweetheart. 

4.  Sedentary  employment,  and  want  of 
proper  exercise. 

5.  Low  and  cheap  literature  of  an  im- 
moral tendency. 

6.  Absence  of  parental  care  and  the 
inculcation  of  proper  precepts.  L)  short, 
bad  bringing  up. 

Ma  id- Servants.  —  Maid-servants  seldom 
have  a  chance  of  marrying,  unless  placed 
in  a  good  family,  where,  after  putting 
by  a  little  money  by  pinching  and  care- 
ful saving,^  the  housemaid  may  become 
an  object  of  interest  to  the  footman,  who 
is  looking  out  for  a  public-house,  or  when 
the  housekeeper  allies  herself  to  the  butler, 
abd  together  they  set  up  in  business.  Li 
small  families,  the  servants  often  give 
themselves  up  to  the  sons,  or  to  the 
policeman  on  the  beat,  or  to  soldiers  in 
the  Parks  ;  or  else  to  shopmen,  whom  they 
may  meet  in  the  streets.  Female  servants 
are  far  from  being  a  virtuous  class.  They 
are  badly  educated  and  are  not  well  looked 
after  by  their  mistresses  as  a  rule,  although 
every  dereliction  from  the  paths  of  pro- 
priety by  them  will  be  visited  with  the 
heaviest  displeasure,  and  most  frequently 
be  followed  by  dismissal  of  the  most  sum- 
mary description,  without  the  usual  month's 
warning,  to  which  so  much  importance  is 
usually  attached  by  both  employer  and  em- 
ployed. 

Marylebone  was  lately  characterised  by 
one  of  its  vestrymen  as  being  one  of  the 
seven  black  parishes  in  London.  Half  the 
women  it  is  asserted  who  are  sent  from 
the  workhouse,  and  have  situations  pro- 
cured for  them  by  the  parochial  authorities, 
turn  out  prostitutes.  I  have  no  means  of 
corroborating  the  truth  of  this  declaration, 
but  it  has  been  made  and  sent  forth  to  the 
world  through  the  medium  of  the  public 
press,  though  I  believe  it  has  been  partially 
contradicted  by  one  of  the  workhouse  au- 
thorities ;  however  this  may  be,  there  can 
be  no  doubt  that  the  tone  of  morality 
among  servant-maids  in  the  metropolis  is 
low.  I  will  not  speak  in  the  superlative — I 
merely  characterise  it  as  low.  I  had  an 
opportunity  of  questioning  a  maid-of-all- 
work,  a  simple-minded,  ignorant,  unedu- 
cated, vain  little  body,  as  strong  j)hysicall3^ 
as  a  donkey,  and  thoroughly  competent  to 
perform  her  rather  arduous  duties,  for  the 
satisfactory  performance  of  which  she  re- 
ceived the  munificent  remuneration  of 
eight  pounds  annually,  including  her  board 
and  lodging. 

She  said  :  "  I  came  from  Berkshire,   sir. 


258 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  TO  OR. 


near  Windsor  ;  father  put  me  to  service 
some  years  ago,  and  I've  been  in  London 
ever  since.  I'm  two  and  twenty  nov/.  I've 
lived  in  four  or  five  diHerent  situations 
since  then.  Are  followers  allowed  ?  No, 
sir,  missus  don't  permit  no  followers. 
No,  I  ain't  got  no  perleeceman.  Have  I  got 
a  young  man  ?  Well,  I  have  ;  he's  in  the 
harmy,  not  a  hoffisser,  but  a  soldier,  I 
goes  out  along  of  him  on  Sundays,  least- 
ways on  Sunday  afternoons,  and  missus 
she  lets  me  go  to  see  a  aunt  of  mine,  as  I 
says  lives  at  Camberwell,  only  between 
you  and  me,  sir,  there  ain't  no  aunt,  only 
a  soldier,  which  he's  my  sweetheart,  as  I 
says  to  you  before,  sir." 

Maid-servants  in  good  families  have  an 
opportunity  of  copyiiig  their  n^istresss 
way  of  dressing,  and  making  themselves, 
attractive  to  men  of  a  higher  class.  It  is  a 
voluntary  species  of  sacrifice  on  their  part. 
A  sort  of  suicidal  decking  with  flowers,  and 
making  preparations  for  immolation  on  the 
part  of  the  victim  herself.  Flattered  by  the 
attention  of  the  eldest  son,  or  some  friend 
of  his  staying  in  thehouse,  the  pretty  lady's 
maid  will  often  yield  to  soft  sohcitation. 
Vanity  is  at  the  bottom  of  all  this,  and  is 
one  of  the  chief  cliaracteristics  of  a  class 
not  otherwise  naturally  vicious.  The 
housemaids  flirt  with  the  footmen,  the 
housekeeper  with  the  butler,  the  cooks 
with  the  coachmen,  and  so  on  ;  and  a  flirta- 
tion often  begun  innocently  enough  ends  in 
something  serious,  the  result  of  which  may 
be  to  blight  the  prospect  of  the  unfortunate 
woman  who  has  been  led  astray. 

There  are  book-hawkers,  who  go  about 
the  country,  having  first  filled  their  wallets 
from  the  filthy  cellars  of  Holywell  Street, 
sowing  the  seeds  of  immorality  ;  servants  in 
country  houses  will  pay,  without  hesita- 
tion large  prices  for  improper  books.  This 
denomination  of  evil,  1  am  glad  to  say,  is 
much  on  the  decrease  now,  since  the 
Immoral  Publications  Act  has  come  into 
operation. 

Maid-servants  live  well,  have  no  care  or 
anxiety,  no  character  worth  speaking  about 
to  lose,  for  the  origin  of  most  of  them  is 
obscure,  are  fond  of  dress,  and  under  these 
circumstances  it  cannot  be  w^ondered 
that  they  are  as  a  body  immoral  and  un- 
chaste. 

Jjudies  of  Intrif/ue  and  Houses  of  Assigna- 
tion.— The  reader  will  find  more  informa- 
tion about'"  ladies  of  intrigue  "  in  the  annals 
of  the  Divorce  Court  and  the  pages  of  the 
Causes  Celehres  than  it  is  in  my  power  to 
furnish  him  with.  Ly  ladies  of  intrigue 
we  must  understand  married  women  who 


have  connection  with  other  men  than  their 
husbands,  and  unmarried  women  who  gra- 
tify their  passion  secretly. 

There  is  a  house  in  Regent  Street,  I  am 
told,  where  ladies,  both  married  and  un- 
married, go  in  order  to  meet  with  and  be 
introduced  to  gentlemen,  there  to  con- 
summate their  libidinous  desires.  This 
sort  of  clandestine  prostitution  is  not 
nearly  so  common  in  England  as  in  France 
and  other  parts  of  the  Continent,  where 
chastity  and  faithfulness  among  married 
women  are  remarkable  for  their  absence 
rather  than  their  presence.  As  this  vice  is 
by  no  means  common  or  a  national  charac- 
teristic, but  rather  the  exception  than  the 
rule,  it  can  only  expect  a  cursory  notice  at 
our  hands. 

An  anecdote  was  told  me  illustrative  of 
this  sort  of  thing  that  may  not  be  out  of 
place  here. 

A  lady  of  intrigue,  belonging  to  the 
higher  circles  of'  society,  married  to  a  man 
of  considerable  property,  found  herself  un- 
happy in  his  society,  and  after  some  time 
unwillingly  came  to  the  conclusion  that  she 
had  formed  an  alliance  that  was  destined  to 
make  her  miserable.  Her  passions  were 
naturally  strong,  and  she  one  day  resolved 
to  visit  a  house  that  one  of  her  female 
acquaintances  had  casually  spoken  about 
before  her  some  little  time  before.  Order- 
ing a  cab,  she  drove  to  the  house  in  ques- 
tion, and  went  in.  There  was  no  necessity 
for  her  to  explain  the  nature  of  her  business, 
or  the  object  with  which  she  called.  That 
was  understood.  She  was  shown  into  a 
handsome  drawing-room,  beautifully  fitted 
up,  for  the  house  was  situated  in  one  of  tiie 
best  streets  in  May  Fair,  there  to  await  the 
coming  of  her  unknown  paramour.  After 
waiting  some  little  time  the  door  opened, 
and  a  gentleman  entered.  The  curtains  of 
the  room  were  partially  drawn  round  the 
windows,  and  the  blinds  were  pulled  down, 
which  caused  a  "dim  religious  fight"  to 
pervade  the  apartment,  })reventing  the 
lady  from  seeing  distinctly  the  features  of 
her  visitor.  He  approached  her,  and  in  a 
low  tone  of  voice  commenced  a  conversa- 
tion with  her  about  some  indifierent  sub- 
ject. 

She  listened  to  him  for  a  moment,  and 
then  with  a  cry  of  astonishment  recognized 
her  husband's  voice.  He,  equally  confused, 
discovered  that  he  had  accidentally  met  in 
a  house  of  ill-fame  the  \\ife  whom  he  had 
treated  with  unkindness  and  cruelty,  and 
condemned  to  languish  at  home  while  he 
did  as  he  chose  abroad.  This  strange  ren- 
contre had  a  successful  termination,  for  it 
ended    in   the   reconcihation   of   husband 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOE. 


259 


and  wife,  who  discovered  that  they  were 
mutiiahy  to  blame. 

From  the  Divorce  Court  emanate  strange 
revelations,  to  which  the  press  gives  pub- 
licity. It  reveils  a  state  of  immorality 
amongst  the  upper  and  middle  classes  that 
is  deplorable  ;  but  although  this  unveils 
the  dehnquencies  of  ladies  of  intrigue, 
they  are  not  altogether  the  class  we  have 
under  discussion.  Those  who  engross  our 
attention  are  ladies  who,  merely  to  satisfy 
their  animal  instincts,  intrigue  with  men 
whom  they  do  not  truly  love.  But  though 
we  could  multiply  anecdotes  and  stories,  it 
is  not  necessary  to  do  more  than  say,  they 
are  a  class  far  from  numerous,  and  scarcely 
deserve  to  form  a  distinctive  feature  in  the 
category  of  prostitution  in  London. 


Cohabitant  Pucstitutes. 

The  last  head  in  our  classification  is  "  Co- 
habitant Prostitutes,"  which  phrase  must 
be  understood  to  include — 

1.  Those  whose  paramours  cannot  afford 
to  pay  the  marriage  fees.  This  is  a  verv 
small  and  almost  infinitesimal  portion  of 
the  community,  as  banns  now  cost  so  verj^ 
little,  that  it  is  next  to  an  absurdity  to 
say  "  a  man  and  woman  "  cannot  get  married 
because  they  have  not  money  enough  to 
pay  the  fees  consequent  upon  publishing 
the  banns,  therefore  this  class  is  scarcely 
deserving  of  mention. 

2.  Those  whose  paramours  do  not  be- 
lieve in  the  sanctity  of  the  ceremony. 

There  may  be  a  few  who  make  their  reli- 
gious convictions  an  objection  to  marriage, 
but  you  may  go  a  very  long  journey  before 
you  will  be  able  to  discover  a  man  who  will 
conscientiously  refuse  to  marry  a  woman 
on  this  ground.  Consequently  we  may  dis- 
miss these  with  a  very  brief  allusion. 

3.  Those  who  have  married  a  relative 
forbidden  by  law.  We  know  that  people  will 
occasionally  marry  a  deceased  wife's  sister, 
notwithstanding  the  anathemas  of  mother 
church  are  sure  to  be  hurled  at  them.  Yet 
ecclesiastical  terrors  may  have  weight  with 
a  man  who  has  conceived  an  aff"ection  for  a 
sister-in-law,  for  whom  he  will  have  to 
undergo  so  many  penalties. 

Perhaps  parliamentary  agitation  mny 
soon  legitimatize  these  connections,  and 
abolish  this  heading  from  our  category  of 
Cohabitant  Prostitution. 

4.  Those  who  would  forfeit  their  income 
by  marrying, — as  officers'  widows  in  receipt 
of  pensions,  and  those  who  hold  property 
only  while  unmarried. 


This  class  is  more  numerous  than  any 
of  those  v;e  have  yet  mentioned,  but  it 
offers  nothing  sufficiently  striking  or  pecu- 
liar to  induce  us  to  dwell  longer  upon  it,  as 
it  ex2:ilains  itself. 

5.  Those  whose  paramours  object  to 
marry  them  for  })ecuniary  or  family  reasons. 
This  is  a  subject  u23on  which  it  has  been 
necessary  to  dilate  ;  for  it  includes  all  the 
lorettes  in  London,  and  the  men  by  whom 
they  are  kept.  By  lorettes,  I  mean  those 
I  have  before  touched  upon  as  prima  donnas, 
who  are  a  class  of  women  who  do  not  call 
going  to  night-houses  in  Panton  Street 
walking  the  Haymarket,  and  feel  much 
insulted  if  3'ou  so  characterize  their  noc- 
turnal wandei'ings.  The  best  women  go  to 
three  or  four  houses  in  Panton  Street, 
where  the  visitors  are  more  select  than 
in  the  other  places,  where  the  door  porters 
are  less  discriminating.  Sometimes  women 
who  are  violent,  and  make  a  disturbance, 
are  kept  out  of  particular  houses  for 
months. 

Of  course,  the  visits  of  kept  women  are 
made  by  stealth,  as  the  men  who  keep  them 
would  not  countenance  their  going  to  such 
places.  Perhaps  their  men  are  out  of  town, 
and  they  may  then  go  with  comparative 
safety. 

AVomen  who  are  well  kept,  and  have  al- 
ways been  accustomed  to  the  society  of 
gentlemen,  have  an  intense  horror  of  the 
Haymarket  women,  properly  so  called,  who 
promenade  the  pavement  in  order  to  pick 
up  men. 

And  in  reality  there  is  a  greater  distinc- 
tion between  the  two  classes  than  would 
at  first  api^ear.  Even  if  a  good  sort  of  wo- 
man has  been  thrown  over  by  her  man, 
and  is  in  want  of  money,  she  will  not  pick 
up  any  one  at  a  night-house  who  may  solicit 
her ;  on  the  contrary,  she  will  select  some 
fellow  she  has  a  liking  for  :  while,  on  the 
other  hand,  the  Haymarket  women  will 
I^ick  up  any  low  wretch  who  she  thinks  will 
jjay  her.  She  will  not  even  object  to  a 
foreigner,  though  all  the  best  women  have 
a  great  dislike  to  low  foreigners. 

Were  I  to  dwell  longer  upon  this  subject 
it  is  clear  I  should  merely  be  recajDitulating 
what  I  have  already  said  in  a  former  portion 
of  this  work. 

The  following  narrative  was  given  me  by 
a  girl  I  met  in  the  Haymarket,  when  in 
search  of  information  regarding  the  prosti- 
tution of  the  West-end  of  London.  Her 
tale  is  the  usual  one  of  unsuspecting  in- 
nocence and  virtue,  seduced  by  fraud  and 
violence.  The  victim  of  passion  became  iu 
time  the  mistress  of  lust,  and  sank  from 


s  2 


260 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


one  stage  to  another,  until  she  found  her- 
self compelled  to  solicit  in  the  streets  to 
obtain  a  livelihood.  She  was  about  twenty- 
one  years  of  age,  beneath  the  ordinary 
height,  and  with  a  very  engaging  counte- 
nance. She  appeared  to  be  a  high-spirited 
intelUgent  girl,  and  gave  her  sad  tale  with 
unaffected  candour  and  modesty. 

Narrative  of  a  Gay  Woman  at  the 
West  End  op  the  Metropolis. 

"  T  vv^as  born  in  the  county  of ,  in  Eng- 
land, where  my  father  was  an  extensive 
farmer,  and  had  a  great  number  of  servants. 
I  have  three  brothers  and  one  younger 
sister.     1  was  sent  to  a  boarding  school  at 

B ,  where  I  was  receiving    a    superior 

education,  and  was  learning  drawing, 
music,  and  dancing.  During  the  vacations, 
and  once  every  quarter,  I  went  home  and 
lived  with  my  parents,  where  one  of  my 
chief  enjoyments  was  to  ride  out  on  a 
pony  I  had,  over  the  fields,  and  in  the 
neighbourhood,   and  occasionally  to  go  to 

M ,  a  few    miles   distant.      On    these 

occasions  we  often  had  parties  of  ladies 
and  gentlemen  ;  when  some  of  the  best 
people  in  the  district  visited  us.  I  had 
one  of  the  happiest  homes  a  girl  could 
have. 

"  When     I  was    out    riding   one  day  at 

M ,    in,   passing    through     the    town, 

my  pony  took  fright,  and  threatened  to 
throw  me  off,  when  a  young  gentleman  who 
was  near  rode  up  to  my  assistance.  He  rode 
by  my  side  till  we  came  to  a  hotel  in  town, 
when  we  both  dismounted.  Leaving  the 
horses  with  the  hostlers,  we  had  some  re- 
freshment. I  took  out  my  purse  to  pay 
the  expenses,  but  he  would  not  let  me  and 
paid  for  me.  We  both  mounted  and  pro- 
ceeded towards  my  home.  On  his  coming 
to  tne  door  of  the  house,  I  invited  him  to 
come  in,  which  he  did.  I  introduced  him 
to  my  papa  and  mamma,  and  mentioned 
the  kind  service  he  had  done  to  me.  His 
horse  was  put  up  in  our  stables,  and  he 
remained  for  some  time,  and  had  supjier 

with  us,  when  he  returned  to  M^ -.     He 

was  very  wealthy,  resided  in  London,  and 

only  visited  M occasionally  witli    his 

servants. 

"  I  was  then  attending  a  boarding-school 

at  B •  ,  and  was  about  fifteen  years  of 

age.     A  few  days  after  this  I  left  home  and 

returned  to  B ■.      We  corresponded  by 

letter  for  nearly  twelve  months. 

"  From  the  moment  he  rode  up  to  me 

at    M I    was    deeply    interested     in 

him,  and  the  attachment  increased  by  the 
correspondence.     He  also  appeared  to  be 


very  fond  of  me.  He  sometimes  came  and 
visited  me  at  home  during  my  school  holi- 
days for  the  next  twelve  months.  One  day 
in  the  month  of  May — in  summer — he  came 
to  our  house  in  his  carriage,  and  we  invited 
him  to  dinner.  He  remained  with  us  for 
the  night,  and  slept  with  one  of  my  bro- 
thers. We  were  then  engaged  to  each 
other,  and  were  to  be  married,  so  soon  as 
I  was  eighteen  years  of  age. 

"  The  next  day  he  asked  my  parents  if  I 
might  go  out  with  him  in  his  carriage.  My 
mamma  consented.  She  asked  if  any  of 
our  servants  would  go  with  us,  but  he 
thought  there  was  no  occasion  for  this,  as 
his  coachman  and  footman  went  along  with 

us.      We    proceeded     to    B Railway 

Station.  He  left  his  carriage  with  the 
coachman  and  footman,  and  pressed  me  to 
go  with  him  to  London.  He  pretended  to 
my  parents  he  was  only  going  out  for  a 
short  drive.  I  was  very  fond  of  him,  and 
reluctantly  consented  to  go  with  him  to 
London. 

"  He  first  brought  me  to  Simpson's  hotel 
in  the  Strand,  where  we  had  dinner,  then 
took  me  to  the  opera.  We  went  to  Scott's 
supper  rooms  in  the  llaymarket.  On  com- 
ing out  we  walked  up  and  down  the  Hay- 
market,  He  then  took  me  to  several  of  the 
cafes,  where  we  had  wine  and  refresh- 
ments. About  four  o'clock  in  the  morning 
he  called  a  Hansom,  and  drove  me  to  his 
house  ;  and  there  seduced  me  by  violence 
in  spite  of  my  resistance.  I  screamed  out, 
but  none  of  the  servants  in  the  house  came 
to  assist  me.  He  told  his  servants  I  was 
his  young  wife  he  had  just  brought  up  from 
the  country. 

"  I  wanted  to  go  home  in  the  morning,  and 
began  to  cry,  but  he  would  not  let  me  go. 
He  said  I  must  remain  in  London  with 
him.  I  still  insisted  on  going  home,  and  he 
promised  to  marry  me.  He  then  bought 
me  a  watch  and  chain,  rings  and  bracelets, 
and  presented  me  with  several  dresses. 
After  this  I  lived  with  him  in  his  house,  as 
though  I  had  been  his  wife,  and  rode  out 
with  him  in  his  brougham.  I  often  insisted 
upon  being  married.  He  promised  to  do 
so,  but  delayed  from  time  to  time.  He 
generally  drove  out  every  day  over  the 
finest  streets,  thoroughfares,  and  parks  of 
the  metropolis  ;  and  in  the  evenings  he  took 
me  to  the  Argyle  Rooms  and  to  the  Casino 
at  Holborn.  I  generally  went  there  very 
well  dressed,  and  was  much  noticed  on 
account  of  my  youthfnl  appearance.  We 
also  went  to  the  fashionable  theatres  in 
the  West-end,  and  several  subscription 
balls. 

"  I  often  rode  along  Rotten  Row  with  him. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


261 


and  along  tho  drives  in  Hyde  Park.  We 
also  went  to  the  seaside,  where  we  lived 
in  the  best  hotels. 

"  This  lasted  for  two  years,  when  his  con- 
duct changed  towards  me. 

"  One  evening  I  went  v/ith  him  to  the 
Assembly  Eooms  at  Holborn  to  a  masked 
ball.  I  was  dressed  in  the  character  of  a 
fairy  queen.  My  hair  was  in  long  curls 
hanging  down  my  back. 

"fie  left  me  in  the  supper-room  for  a 
short  time,  when  a  well-dressed  man  came 
up  to  me.  When  my  paramour  came  in 
he  saw  the  young  man  sitting  by  my  side 
speaking  to  me.  He  told  him  i  was  his 
wife,  and  inquired  what  he  meant  by  it,  to 
which  he  gave  no  reply.  He  then  asked 
me  if  I  knew  him.  I  replied  no.  He  asked 
the  gentleman  to  rise,  which  he  did,  apolo- 
gising for  his  seating  himself  beside  me, 
and  thereby  giving  offence.  On  the  latter 
showing  liim  his  card,  which  I  did  not  see, 
they  sat  down  and  had  wine  together. 

"  We  came  out  of  the  supper-room,  and 
we  had  a  quarrel  about  the  matter.  We 
walked  up  and  down  the  ball-room  for  some 
time,  and  at  last  drove  home. 

"  When  we  got  home  he  quarrelled  again 
with  me,  struck  me,  and  gave  me  two  black 
eyes.  I  was  also  bruised  on  other  parts  of 
the  body,  and  wanted  to  leave  him  that 
night,  but  he  would  not  let  me. 

"  In  the  morning  we  went  out  as  usual 
after  breakfast  for  a  drive. 

"  Next  evening  we  went  to  the  Casino  at 
Holborn.  Many  of  the  gentlemen  were 
staring  at  me,  and  he  did  not  like  it.  I 
had  on  a  thick  Maltese  veil  to  conceal  my 
blackened  eyes. 

"The  gentleman  who  had  accosted  me 
the  previous  night  came  up  and  spoke  to 
me  and  my  paramour  (whom  we  shall  call 
S.),  and  had  some  wine  with  us.  He  asked 
the  reason  I  did  not  raise  my  veil.  S.  said 
because  I  did  not  like  to  do  it  in  this  place. 
The  gentleman  caught  sight  of  my  eyes,  and 
said  they  did  not  look  so  brilliant  as  the 
night  before. 

"  S.  was  indignant,  and  told  him  he  took 
great  liberty  in  speaking  of  his  wife  in  this 
manner.  The  other  remarked  that  no  one 
could  help  noticing  such  a  girl,  adding  that 
I  was  too  young  to  be  his  wife,  and  that 
he  should  not  take  me  to  such  a  place  if  he 
did  not  wish  me  to  be  looked  at.  He  told 
him  he  ought  to  take  better  care  of  me 
than  to  bring  me  there. 

"When  we  got  home  we  had  another 
quarrel,  and  he  struck  me  severely  on  the 
side. 

"  We  did  not  sleep  in  the  same  bed  that 
night.    On  coming;  down  stairs  to  breakfast 


next  morning  I  was  taken  very  ill,  and  a 
medical  man  was  sent  for.  The  doctor 
said  I  was  in  a  fever,  and  must  have  had  a 
severe  blow  or  a  heavy  fall.  I  was  ill  and 
confined  to  my  bed  for  three  months.  He 
went  out  every  night  and  left  me  with  a 
nurse  and  the  servants,  and  seldom  re- 
turned till  three  or  four  o'clock  in  the 
morning.  He  used  to  return  home  drunk  ; 
generally  came  into  my  bedroom  and  asked 
if  I  was  better  ;  kissed  me  and  went  down- 
stairs to  bed. 

"  When  I  got  well  he  was  kind  to  me, 
and  said  1  looked  more  charming  than  ever. 
For  three  or  four  months  after  he  took  me 
out  as  usual. 

"  The  same  gentleman  met  me  again  in 
the  Holborn  one  night  while  S.  had  gone 
out  for  a  short  time,  leaving  me  alone.  He 
came  np  and  shook  hands  with  me,  said  he 
was  happy  to  see  me,  and  wished  me  to 
meet  him.  I  told  him  I  could  not.  S.  was 
meanwhile  watching  our  movements.  The 
gentleman  asked  me  if  I  was  married,  when 
I  said  that  I  was.  He  admired  my  rings. 
Pointing  to  a  diamond  ring  on  his  finger, 
he  asked  me  if  I  would  like  it.  I  said  no. 
He  said  your  rings  are  not  so  pretty.  I 
still  refused  it ;  but  he  took  the  ring  off 
his  finger  and  put  it  on  one  of  mine,  and 
said,  '  JSee  how  well  it  looks,'  adding,  '  Keep 
it  as  a  memento ;  it  may  make  you  think 
of  me  when  I  am  ■  far  away.'  He  told  me 
not  to  mention  it  to  my  husband. 

"Meantime  S.  was  watching  me,  and 
came  up  when  the  man  had  gone  away,  and 
asked  what  he  had  been  saying  to  me.  I 
told  him  the  truth,  that  the  same  man  had 
spoken  to  me  again.  He  asked  me  what 
had  passed  between  us,  and  I  told  him  all, 
with  the  exception  of  the  ring. 

"  He  noticed  the  ring  on  my  finger,  and 
asked  me  where  I  had  got  it.  I  declined 
at  first  to  answ^er.  He  then  said  I  was  not 
true  to  him,  and  if  I  would  not  tell  him 
who  gave  me  the  ring  he  would  leave  me. 
I  told  him  the  man  had  insisted  on  my 
having  it. 

"  He  thereupon  rushed  along  the  room 
after  him,  but  did  not  find  him.  On  coming 
back  he  insisted  on  my  going  home  without 
him. 

"  He  took  me  outside  to  his  brougham, 
handed  me  in  it,  and  then  left  me.  1  went 
home  and  sat  in  the  drawing-room  till  he 
returned,  which  was  about  three  o'clock  in 
the  morning.  He  quarrelled  with  me  again 
for  not  being  true  to  him.  I  said  I  was, 
and  had  never  left  his  side  for  a  moment 
from  the  time  I  rose  in  the  morning  till  I 
lay  down  at  night. 

"  I  then  told  him  I  would  go  home  and 


2G2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 


tell  my  friends  all  about   it,  and  he  was 
afraid. 

"  Soon  after  he  said  to  me  he  was  going 
out  of  town  for  a  week,  and  wished  me  to 
stop  at  home.  I  did  not  like  to  remain  in 
the  hovise  witliout  a  woman,  and  wished  to 
go  with  him.  He  said  he  oould  not  allow 
me,  as  he  was  to  be  engaged  in  family 
matters. 

"  He  was  absent  for  a  week.  I  remained 
at  home  for  three  nights,  and  was  very  dull 
and  wearied,  having  no  one  to  speak  to.  I 
went  to  my  bedroom,  washed  and  dressed, 
ordered  the  carriage  to  be  got  ready,  and 
vv'ent  to  the  Holborn.  Who  should  I  see 
there  but  this  gentleman  ac;ain.  He  was 
astonished  to  see  me  there  alone;  came  up 
and  offered  me  his  arm. 

"  I  told  him  I  was  wearied  at  home  in  the 
absence  of  S.,  and  came  out  for  a  little  re- 
laxation. He  then  asked  to  see  me  home, 
which  I  dechned.  I  remamed  till  the 
dancing  was  nearly  over.  He  got  into  the 
brougham  with  me  and  drove  to  Sally's, 
where  we  had  supper.,  after  which  he  saw 
me  home.  He  bade  me  '  good-bye,'  and 
said  he  hoped  to  see  me  at  the  Holborn 
again  some  other  night. 

"  Meantime  S.  had  been  keeping  watch 
over  me,  it  appears,  and  heard  of  this. 
When  he  came  home  he  asked  me  about  it. 
I  told  him.  He  swore  the  gentleman  had 
connexion  with  me.  I  said  he  had  not. 
He  then  hit  me  in  the  face  and  shook  me, 
and  threatened  to  lock  me  up.  After  break- 
fast he  went  out  to  walk,  and  1  refused  to 
go  with  him. 

"  When  he  had  gone  away  1  packed  up 
all  my  things,  told  the  servant  to  bring  a 
cab,  wrote  a  note  and  left  it  on  the  table. 
I  asked  the  cabman  if  he  knew  any  nice 
apartments  a  long  way  off  from  C— — , 
where  I  was  living.     He  drove  me  to  Pim- 

lico,  and  took   me  to  apartments  in  

where  I  have  ever  since  resided. 

"  When  I  went  there  I  had  my  purse 
full  of  gold,  and  my  dresses  and  jewellery, 
which  were  worth  about  300/. 

"  One  evening  soon  after  I  went  to  the 
Holborn  and  met  my  old  friend  again,  and 
told  him  what  had  occurred.  He  was 
astonished,  and  said  he  would  write  to  my 
relations,  and  have  S.  pulled  up  for  it. 

"After  this  he  saw  me  occasionally  at 
my  lodgings,  and  made  me  presents. 

"He  met  S.  one  day  in  the  City,  and 
threatened  to  write  to  my  friends  to  let 
them  know  how  1  had  been  treated. 

"I  still  went  to  the  Holborn  occasionally. 
One  evening  1  met  S.,  who  wished  me  to  go 
home  with  him  again,  but  1  refused,  after 
the  ill-usage  he  had  given  me. 


"  I  generally  spent  the  day  in  ray  apart- 
ments, and  in  the  evening  went  to  the 
Argyle,  until  my  money  was  gone.  I  now 
and  then  got  something  from  the  man  who 
had  taken  my  part;  but  he  did  not  give  me 
so  much  as  1  had  been  accustomed  to,  and 
I  used  to  have  strange  friends  against  my 
own  wish. 

"  Before  I  received  them  I  had  spouted 
most  of  my  jewellery,  and  some  of  my 
dresses.  When  I  lived  with  S.  he  allowed 
me  10/.  a  v/eek,  but  when  I  went  on  the 
loose  I  did  not  get  so  much. 

"  After  I  had  parted  with  my  jewellery 
and  most  of  my  clothes  I  walked  in  the 
Haymarket,  and  went  to  the  Turkish 
divans,  '  kjally's,'  and  other  cafes  and  re- 
staurants. 

"  Soon  after  T  became  unfortunate,  and 
had  to  part  with  the  remainder  of  my 
dresses.  Since  then  I  have  been  more 
shabby  in  appearance,  and  not  so  much 
noticed." 


Criminal  Eeturns. 

It  is  very  interesting  to  philanthropists 
and  people  who  take  an  interest  in  seeing 
human  nature  improved,  and  to  those  Avho 
wish  to  see  crime  decrease,  to  notice  the 
fluctuations  of  crime,  its  increase,  its  de- 
crease, or  its  being  stationary,  especially 
among  different  classes. 

Through  the  kindness  of  Sir  Richard 
Mayne,  and  the  obliging  courtesy  of  Mr. 
Yardley,  of  the  Metropolitan  Police-Office, 
Whitehall,  I  am  enabled  to  show  the  num- 
ber of  disorderly  prostitutes  taken  into 
custody  during  the  years  1850  to  1860. 
Mr.  Yardley  supplied  me  with  the  criminal 
returns  of  the  Metropolitan  Police  for  the 
la^t  ten  years,  from  which  I  have  extracted 
much  valuable  and  interesting  information, 
besides  what  I  have  just  mentioned. 

Number  of  Disorderly  Prostitutes  taken 

into  Custody  during  the  years  1850  to 
1860,  and  their  Trades. 

1850  -     -  2,502 

1851  -    -  2,573 

1852  -     -  3,750 

1853  -     -  3,386 

1854  -     -  3,764 

1855  -     -  3,592 

1856  -     -  4,303 

1857  -     -  5,178 

1858  -     -  4,890 

1859  -     -  4,282 

1860  -     -  3,734 

After  some  search  I  have  been  enabled 
to  give  the  trades  and  occupations  of  those 
women. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 


263 


74 

418 

616 

400 

249 

58 

215 

33 

42 

8 


24 
18 


•were  Hatters  and  trimmers. 

,,  Laundresses. 

„  Milliners,  &c. 

,,  Servants. 

„  Shoemakers. 

,,  Artificial  flower-makers. 

,,  lailors. 

,,  Brushmakers. 

,,  Bookbinders. 

„  Corkcutters. 

„  Dyers. 

,,  Fishmongers. 

„  General  and  marine-store 

dealers. 

,,  Glovers. 
Weavers. 


The  remainder  described  themselves  as 
having  no  trade  or  occupation. 

In  ten  years  then  41,954  disorderly 
women,  who  had  given  themselves  up  to 
prostitution,  either  for  their  own  gratiti ca- 
tion, because  they  were  seduced,  or  to  gain 
a  livelihood,  were  arrested  by  the  police. 
The  word  disorderly  is  vague,  but  I  should 
think  it  is  susceptible  of  various  significa- 
tions. In  one  case  it  may  mean  drunken- 
ness, in  another  assaulting  the  police,  in 
others  an  offence  of  a  felonious  nature  may 
be  intended,  while  in  a  fourth  we  may  un- 
derstand a  simple  misdemeanour,  all  sub- 
jecting the  off"ender,  let  it  be  borne  in 
mind,  to  a  fine  or  incarceration. 

Kow,  41,954  is  an  enormous  total  for  ten 
years.  In  an  unreflective  mood  I  should 
be  inclined  to  say  that  prostitutes,  taken 
collectively,  were  most  abandoned,  reckless, 
and  wicked  ;  but  it  is  apparent,  after  a 
minute's  study,  that  they  must  not  be 
taken  collectively.  This  forty  odd  thou- 
sand should  be  understood  to  represent,  for 
the  most  part,  the  very  dregs,  the  lowest, 
most  unthinking,  and  vilest  of  the  class. 

We  must  look  for  them  in  the  East,  in 
Whitechapel,  in  Wapping,  in  transpontine 
dens  and  holes,  amongst  sailors'  and  sol- 
diers' women.  In  the  Haymarket  there  is 
not  much  drunkenness,  and  the  police  are 
seldom  interfered  with.  If  a  man,  with 
whom  a  woman  is  walking,  is  drunk,  and 
makes  an  assault  upon  the  police,  the 
woman  will  content  herself  with  the  inno- 
cent, and  comparatively  harmless  amuse- 
ment of  knocking  ofiT  the  policeman's  hat, 
afterwards  propelling  it  gracefully  with  her 
foot  along  the  pavement.  This  pastime  is 
of  rather  frequent  occurrence  in  nocturnal 
street  rows,  and  always  succeeds  in  infusing 
a  little  comic  element  into  the  affray. 
Amongst  the  disorderly  women  of  loose 
habits  we  see  that  milliners  largely  pre- 
ponderate ;    646   in   ten  years,   who   have 


broken  the  laws  in  some  way,  enables  us 
to  form,  by  comparison,  a  vague  idea  of  the 
number  of  milliners,  dressmakers,  &c.,  who 
resort  to  prostitution  ;  for  if  so  many  were 
disorderly,  the  number  of  well-behaved  ones 
must  be  very  large. 

Another  curious  item  is  laundresses,  of 
whom  there  were  418  in  the  hands  of  the 
pohce.  Either  the  influence  of  their  trade 
is  demoralizing  in  the  extreme  ;  or  they 
are  underpaid,  or  else  there  are  large  num- 
bers of  them ;  I  incline  to  the  latter  sup- 
position. 

That  there  should  have  been  only  400  ser- 
vants is  rather  a  matter  of  surprise  than 
otherwise,  for  they  are  exposed  to  great 
temptations,  and  form  a  very  numerous 
body. 

In  our  next  statistics  we  are  able  to  be 
more  precise  than  in  the  former  ones. 
Peculiar  facilities  are  aff'orded  prostitutes 
for  committing  larcenies  from  the  person, 
and  there  are  annually  some  hundreds 
taken  into  custody,  and  some  few  con- 
victed. Only  the  other  day  I  was  passing 
through  Wych  Street,  on  my  way  from  New 
Inn  with  a  friend,  and  it  so  happened  that  we 
were  instrumental  in  protecting  a  gentle- 
man from  the  rapacity  of  some  men  and 
women  of  infamous  character,  by  whom  he 
had  been  entrapped. 

In  Wych  Street  there  are  five  or  six 
houses,  contiguous  to  one  another,  that  are 
nothing  more  or  less  than  the  commonest 
brothels.  The  keepers  of  these  places  do 
not  in  the  least  endeavour  to  conceal  the 
fact  of  their  odious  occupation ;  at  almost 
all  hours  of  the  day,  and  till  twelve  o'clock 
at  night  one  may  perceive  the  women 
standing  at  their  doorways  in  an  undress 
costume,  lascivious  and  meretricious  in  its 
nature.  Although  they  do  not  actually 
solicit  the  passer-by  with  words,  they  do 
with  looks  and  gestures. 

It  might  have  been  a  little  after  twelve 
o'clock,  when,  as  I  was  passing  one  of  these 
houses,  a  gentleman,  with  his  coat  off",  and 
without  his  hat,  rushed  out  of  the  doorway 
and  ran  up  the  street.  He  held  a  small 
clasp-knife  in  his  hand,  which  from  his 
manner  I  guessed  he  would  not  hesitate  to 
use  if  hard  pressed.  He  was  in  an  instant 
followed  by  a  pack  of  men  and  women, 
perhaps  four  or  five  of  each  sex,  in  full  cry. 
They  were  nearing  him,  when  he  turned 
suddenly  round  and  doubled  upon  them, 
which  manoeuvre  brought  him  in  my  di- 
rection. I  saw,  when  near  enough,  that  he 
was  intoxicated.  Directly  he  perceived  me 
he  implored  my  protection,  saying,  "For 
God's  sake  keep  those  fellows  off'."  The 
noise  attracted  the  attention  of  a  policeman 


204 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


at  the  end  of  the  street,  who  came  up  to 
see  what  the  origin  of  the  disturbance  was, 
and  the  crowd  fell  back  at  his  appear- 
ance. 

The  gentleman  said  lie  vrent  into  one  of 
the  houses  to  get  a  cigar,  when  he  was 
set  upon  by  some  women,  who  attempted 
to  rob  him.  Although  drunk  he  was  able 
to  put  his  hand  in  his  pocket  and  take  out 
a  small  clasp-knife  he  always  carried  about 
with  him.  He  brandished  this  in  their 
faces,  when  some  bullies  descended  from 
the  upper  regions,  and  the  victim  fortu- 
nately effected  his  escape  into  the  street. 

This  man  might  have  been  robbed  and 
subsequently  drugged,  without  much  fear 
of  discovery,  for  the  subjoined  statistics 
will  prove  that  such  outrages  are  of  fre- 
quent occurrence  in  the  metropolis. 

Larcenies   from   the    Person    by  Prosti- 
tutes, during  the  years  1850  to  1860. 


Larcenies. 

Convicted. 

Total  los 

1850 

684 

116 

£1,814 

1851 

640 

98 

1,890 

1852 

639 

97 

2,095 

1853 

605 

112 

1,578 

1854 

607 

119 

2,019 

1855 

688 

96 

3,017 

1856 

780 

94 

2,668 

1857 

854 

79 

2,928 

1858 

777 

39 

2,370 

1859 

681 

93 

1,743 

1860 

692 

39 

1,936 

The  first  thing  that  strikes  us  in  looking 
at  these  figures  is  the  small  amount  of  con- 
victions that  followed  arrest.  For  instance 
in  1850  out  of  684  arrested  only  116  were 
convicted.  Yet  we  must  not  forget  the 
difficulty  of  proving  a  charge  of  this  de- 
scription, and  the  unwillingness  of  men  to 
prosecute.  It  is  only  natura,l  that  a  man 
should  have  a  repugnance  to  appear  in 
public  and  mix  himself  up  in  a  disgraceful 
affair  of  this  sort.  Any  one  who  cared  for 
his  character  and  reputation  would  at 
once  refuse,  and  in  this  repugnance  we  must 
look  for  the  cause  of  the  escape  of  so  many 
offenders. 

Whenever  an  occurrence  of  this  sort 
takes  place  in  a  brothel,  one  would  imagine 
the  police  would  have  some  grounds  for 
prosecuting  the  keeper  for  harbouring 
thieves  and  persons  who  habitually  break 
the  public  peace,  but  the  criminal  returns 
of  the  metropolitan  police,  from  which  we 
have  before  quoted,  do  not  give  one  reason 
to  think  so. 

Let  us  examine  the  number  of  arrests 
for  keeping  common  brothels,  during  the 
last  ten  years. 


Number  of  Persons  taken  into  custody 
for  keeping  Common  Brothels,  during  the 
years  1850  to  1860. 

Females      ]\Ialcs.  Total. 

1850  4      4   =   8 

1851  12     5     17 

1852  4     6     10 

1853  9  12 

1854  none. 

1855  6     4     10 

1856  12     7     19 

1857  6     8     14 

1858  10     8     IS 

1859  9     9     IS 

1860  12     5   17^ 

143 
The  largest  number  (19)  v;as  in  1856, 
while  in  1854  there  were  none  at  all.  But 
we  have  already  drawn  attention  to  the 
difficulty  the  police  have  in  dealing  with 
these  cases. 

Of  those  arrested  : 

1  was  a  clerk, 

1     ,,       sailor, 

13  were  servants, 

3       ,,      tailors, 

1  was  a  printer, 

1  was  a  sawyer, 

1     ,,       interpreter, 

1     „        cabinet-maker, 

1     ,,        brass-founder, 

1     „       green-grocer, 

1  .,        butcher, 

2  were  milliners, 

3  „      laundresses, 
9     „      labourers, 

2  „      smiths, 

6     „      carpenters,  [dealers, 

3  „      general  and  marine  store- 

1  was  a  carver  and  gilder, 

4  were  shoemakers, 

2  „      watch-makers, 

2  „      painters, 

3  „      bricklayers. 

The  rest  were  of  no  trade  or  occupation, 
and  depended  for  a  livelihood  solely  upon 
this  disgraceful  means  of  subsistence. 

It  is  odd  to  see  butchers,  printers,  tailors, 
carpenters,  brass-founders,  interpreters, 
bricklayers,  and  cabinet-makers  combiniiig 
this  with  their  own  legitimate  trades,  and 
if  this  is  a  common  thing  among  the  trades, 
how  wide-spread  the  evil  must  be,  for  we 
have  only  an  average  of  about  12  arrests 
annually,  and  this  very  small  amount,  with 
the  perhaps  light  punishment  awarded  the 
offender  by  the  sitting  magistrate,  or  if 
committed  by  the  judge,  is  evidently  purely 
insufficient  and  ineffectual  to  act  as  a  de- 
terrent to  others  holding  the  same  demo- 
ralizing views,  and  practising  the  same 
odious  profession. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


265 


A  few  pages  back,  wliile  commenting 
upon  crime  amongst  bawds  and  prostitutes, 
we  took  the  liberty  of  criticising  some 
remarks  of  Dr.  Ryan's  about  tlie  prevalence 
of  murder  in  immoral  houses.  The  best 
proof  presumptive  he  could  have  adduced 
in  support  of  his  theory  he  utterly  neg- 
lected to  bring  forward.  I  mean  the 
returns  of  the  metropolitan  police  of  the 
number  of  persons  reported  to  them  an- 
nually  as  missing. 

Tills  return,  so  enormous,  so  mysterious, 
so  startling,  is  certainly  very  alarming 
before  it  is  analysed.  But  when  with  the 
eye  of  reflection  we  calmly  and  dispassion- 
ately look  at  it,  our  alarm  diminishes  as 
rapidly  as  it  was  excited. 

Number  of  Persons  reported  to  the  Police 
as  lost  or  missing,  and  the  number  found 
and  restored  by  the  Police,  during  the 
vears  1841  to  1860. 


Eeported  lost       Kestored  by 
01'  Missincr.         tlie  Police. 


1841 
1842 
1843 
1844 
1845 
1846 
1847 
1848 
1849 
1850 
1851 
1852 
1853 
1854 
1855 
1856 
1857 
1858 
1859 
1860 


1,000 
1,179 
1,218 
1,111 
2,201 
2,489 
2,216 
1,866 
1,473 
2,204 
1,876 
2,103 
2,034 
2,286 
2,178 
2,371 
2,171 
2,409 
2,374 
2,515 


560 

623 

623 

543 

1,000 

1,082 

1,111 

1,009 

994 

1,137 

928 

1,049 

900 

941 

964 

1,084 

1,198 

1,264 

1,054 

1,164 


For  twenty  years  the  number  of  persons 
reported  lost,  stolen,  strayed,  and  missing 
has  been  steadily  increasing. 

In  1841  it  was  1,000 

„  1851  „       1,876 

„  1860  „       2,515 
Of  which 

In  1841      560  were  restored  by  the  police. 
.,  1851      928 
„  1860  1,164 

Now  unscrupulous  statisticians  and  news- 
mongers would  not  hesitate  to  say  that  the 
"Fleet  Ditch"  Dr.  Eyan  is  so  fond  of 
might  unfold  a  tale  that  would  elucidate 
the  mystery. 

It  is  surprising  that  in  these  enlightened 


days  such  monstrosities  should  be  lis- 
tened to. 

How  many,  I  should  like  tc  know,  dis- 
appear from  home  and  enlist  in  the  army  ? 
How  many  run  away  to  sea,  and  how  many 
commit  suicide  ? 

A  little  reflection  shows  us  that  the  tales 
of  murder  in  immoral  houses  are  only  bug- 
bears conjured  up  by  moralists  to  frighten 
children.  Not  designedly  perhaps,  biit  more 
through  ignorance  than  anything  else. 

Perhaps  the  number  of  suicides  commit- 
ted annually  in  London  may  be  of  some  use 
in  reducing  the  number  of  lost  and  missing. 

Number  of  Suicides  committed  during  the 
years  1841  to  1860. 


Year. 

Suicides  com- 
mitted. 

Year. 

Suicides  com- 
mitted. 

1841 

139 

1851 

120 

1842 

134 

1852 

109 

1843 

112 

1853 

131 

1844 

155 

1854 

118 

1845 

144 

1855 

116 

1846 

162 

1856 

127 

1847 

152 

1857 

154 

1848 

100 

1858 

90 

1849 

131 

1859 

180 

1850 

140 

1860 

104 

I  find  also  that  the  number  of  suicides 
prevented  by  the  police,  or  otherwise,  is  on 
an  average  nearly  equal  to  the  actual  num- 
ber of  suicides  committed. 

Many  attempted  suicides  may  not  be 
genuine  attempts ;  for  we  often  hear  in  the 
police  courts  of  people  endeavouring  to 
make  the  public  beheve  they  wished  to 
destroy  themselves,  with  the  sole  object  of 
exciting  sympathy  and  drawing  attention 
to  their  case.  However,  it  is  difiicult  to 
distinguish,  and  it  is  clear  there  are  annu- 
ally many  unhappy  wretches  who  do  make 
away  with  their  lives,  and  also  numbers 
who  are  providentially  prevented. 

Rape  is  a  crime  that  has  not  fluctuated 
to  any  great  extent  during  the  last  ten 
years.  I  see  that  in  1850  there  were  22 
arrests  for  this  oftence,  and  the  same  num- 
ber in  1860.  Most  of  the  prisoners  were 
in  a  low  station  in  life;  17  in  1850  only 
being  able  to  read,  or  read  and  write  im- 
perfectly, and  15  in  1860  were  in  the  same 
unintellectual  position.  In  1855,  21  indivi- 
duals were  given  in  charge,  16  of  whom 
were  imperfectly  instructed.  It  must  be 
remembered  that  not  all  those  who  were 
charged  were  convicted,  or  even  committed 
for  trial,  because  the  charge  of  rape  is  one 
easy  to  trump  up,  and  it  recjuires  very 
sound  and  unconflicting  evidence  to  bring 
the  charge  home. 

Conceahng  the   births   of   infants   is   a 


2^ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB. 


crime  I  am  glad  to  perceive  of  more  fre- 
quent occurrence,  than  feloniously  attempt- 
ing to  procure  abortion  ;  for  of  two  evils  it 
is  better  the  less  preponderate. 

Concealincr        Feloniously  at- 
Ycar.      Birth  of  their    tempting  to  pro- 


1850 
1855 
1860 


Infants. 
12 
10 
17 


cure  Abortion. 
1 
1 
0 


In  18G0  there  were  2  cases  of  abduction, 
and  in  1850  none  at  all ;  but  in  the  latter 
year  there  were  61  cases  of  indecently  ex- 
posing the  person,  which  offence  had  in 
1860  attained  the  dimensions  of  103,  three 
only,  of  which  number  were  females,  in  the 
former  instance  eight. 

Of  course  it  is  only  natural  to  expect 
that  as  the  population  of  the  empire  in- 
creases, crime  also  will  increase  ;  and  will 
more  especially  show  its  hideous  and  un- 
welcome visage  in  the  metropolis,  the  centre 
of  a  vast  and  densely-populated  kingdom. 
"Where  masses  of  men  congregate,  there 
disorder,  dissension,  and  crime  will  have  a 
place.  We  have  to  thank  an  efficient 
police  force  for  keeping  them  within  rea- 
sonable dimensions. 

I  have  already  adverted  to  the  difficulty 
experienced  in  even  approximating  to  the 
actual  number  of  prostitutes  existing  ;  but 
the  magisterial  authorities  are  enabled  to 
catalogue  and  number  those  who  are  known 
to  the  police  and  those  living  in  brothels. 

The  subjoined  table  will  be  found  ex- 
tremely interesting : 


Number  known  to  the  Police. 


Division 

and 

Local  Name. 


A  or  Whitehall    .. 
B  or  Westminster 
C  or  yt.  James    . . 
D  or  St.  Mary'bone 
E  or  Holborn 
F  or  Covent  Garden 
G  or  Finsbury 
H  or  Whitechapel 
K  or  Stopney 
L  or  Lambeth 
M  or  Southwark . . 
N  or  Islington 
PorCamberwell  .. 
R  or  Greenwich  . . 
S  or  Hampstead  . . 
T  or  Kensington  .. 
V  or  Wandsworth 


Totals 


Total. 


None. 
469 
208 
428 
511 
428 
225 
811 

1015 
657 
661 
441 
222 
570 

Sol 

97 

187 


•T3 

■r>    " 
a>  (1) 


7,2()l 


None. 

177 

58 

14;} 

173 

50 

24 

73 

147 
53 
90 
44 

172 
14 

14 
1,232" 


Who  walk 
the  Streets. 


Well 
dressed. 


None. 

17 
150 
133 

58 
204 

33 

82 
310 
207 
140 
136 

96 

124 

■      56 

5 

40 


All 
others. 


None. 
275 

152 
280 
174 
168 
656 
705 
303 
468 
215 

82 
274 
261 

92 
133 


1,791    I  4,238 


This  is  the  latest  return  that  the  autho- 
rities at  "Whitehall  are  in  possession  of.  It 
will  be  seen  that  the  largest  number  of 
prostitutes  are  in  Stepney ;  but  the  prosti- 
tution in  this  district,  it  would  appear,  is  of 
a  low  description,  and  mostly  ambulatory, 
as  no  evidence  of  any  women  living  in 
brothels  is  given  in  the  return. 

The  registered  increase  since  1857,  is  in 
most  districts  absolutely  nothing,  whilst 
the  decrease  in  many  localities  contrasts 
very  favourably  indeed  with  the  increase. 
For  instance  : — 


Increase  since  last 
made  in  July, 

return, 
1857. 

Decrease 
made 

since  last  return, 
in  July,  1857. 

A 

•• 

.       .. 

None 

A     .. 

None 

P, 

B      .. 

55 

G 

C     .. 

110 

D 

D     .. 

E      .. 

98 

F, 

35 

F 

F      .. 

52 

G 

G     .. 

124 

H 

H     .. 
K     .. 

992 

K 

50 

T, 

L      .. 

145 

]\[ 

M     .. 

N      .. 

G 

N 

4 

P 

P      .. 

6 

P 

169 
100 

P      .. 

S 

S      .. 

T 

T      .. 

9 

V 

V     .. 

oo 

Total  . 

269 

1,7.08 

The  police  have  thought  it  necessary  to 
make  special  arrangements  in  special  loca- 
lities, to  prevent  disorder  and  enforce  the 
law. 

Special  Arrangements  of  Police  made, 
and  at  what  places,  to  prevent  disorder 
and  enforce  the  law. 


Division  and  Local 
Name. 


A  or  Whitehall 


C — St.  James   . , 


Cockspur  Street — an  additional 
constable  occasionally.  St. 
Jnme.s's,  Green,  and  Hyde 
Parks — additional  constables 
(luring  summer  months. 

Regent  Street,  Waterloo  Place, 
Quadrant,  Haymarl\et,  and 
Coventry  Street — tour  addi- 
tional constables  (and  some- 
times more)  from  3  r.M  to 
3  A.M.,  daily. 


LONDON  LABOUll  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


2G7 


Special  Arrangements — continued. 


D — St.  Mcirylebone, 


E — Holborn 


V — Covent  Garden. 


H — Whitechapel 


L — Lambeth  ... 


S — Hampstead 


Oxfoi'd  Street,  Edgeware  Road. 
Harrow  Koad,  and  Padding- 
ton  Green — one  .  additional 
constable  from  7  P.M.  to  6 
A.M.,  daily.  Kegent's  Park 
and  Bayswater  Road— two 
additional  constables  from  9 
A.M.  to  6  A.M.,  following 
day.  Portland  Place  —  an 
additional  constable  from  10 
P.M.  to  6  A.M. 


Lower  Regent  Street  and  Port- 
land Place — one  additional 
constable  from  7  P.M.  to  10 
P.M.  ;  one  ditto  from  7  P.M. 
till  2  A.M.  ;  two  additional 
constables  from  10  P.M.  till 
2  A.M.,  and  a  sergeant  in 
plain  clothes. 


Division  and  Local 

In 

In 

Jn 

III 

Name. 

1841 

1850 

1857 

1858 

A  or  Whitehall   .... 

... 

•  «  • 

•  •  • 

, , , 

B  ,,  Westminster  .. 

. . . 

660 

524 

469 

G  „  St.  James's  ... 

... 

390 

318 

208 

D  ,,  St.  Maryleboue 

. .  • 

429 

526 

428 

E  „  Holborn  

. . . 

461 

546 

511 

F  „  Covent  Gai-den 

. .  • 

698 

480 

428 

G  „  Finsbury  

H  ,,  Whitechapel  .. 

K  „  Stepney   

L  „  Lambeth 

... 

320 
474 
827 
854 

349 

1803 

965 

802 

225 

811 

1015 

657 

M  ,,  South  war  k  ... 

... 

531 

667 

661 

N  ,,  Islington 

. .. 

457 

445 

441 

P  ,,  Camber  well ... 

. . . 

152 

228 

222 

R  „  Greenwich  .... 

. . . 

288 

401 

570 

S  „   Hampstead.... 

. . . 

216 

231 

331 

T  ,,  Kensington  ... 

. . . 

92 

106 

97 

V  „  Wandsworth  .. 

... 

157 

209 

187 

Totals 

6598      7006 

8600 

7261 

Strand — a  sergeant,  and  occa- 
sionally constables.  Long 
Acre — a  constable  frequently. 


St.  George's  Street  and  High 
Street,  Whitechapel — a  con- 
stable, and  a  short  beat,  each 
place. 


Waterloo  Road,  Herbert's  Build- 
ings, and  Granby  Street — an 
additional  sergeant  and  two 
constables  patrolling. 


Regent's  Park — an  additional 
constnble  to  patrol.  Prim- 
rose Hill — two  additional  con- 
stables for  eight  hours  after 
Park  constables  go  off  duty. 


Comparative  Return  of  the  Number  of  Pros- 
titutes known  to  the  Police,  at  four  dirferent 
periods,  within  the  last  seventeen  years. 


These  are  the  only  statistics  relative  to 
prostitution  that  I  have  been  able  to  pro- 
cure— in  deed  I  may  almost  say  they  are  the 
only  ones  procurable  ;  and  for  them  I  am 
indebted  to  the  courtesy  of  the  authorities 
at  Whitehall,  who,  during  my  researches, 
have  most  kindly  aiTorded  me  every  facility 
that  I  could  wish  for. 

I  dare  say  that  few  things  contribute  so 
much  to  the  spread  of  immorality  as  the 
sale  of  indecent  and  obscene  prints  and 
books,  which  were  until  lately  so  widely 
disseminated  over  the  country  by  book- 
hawkers  and  the  filthy  traders  of  Holywell 
Street.  Even  now  this  trade  is  not  entirely 
suppressed,  although  the  police  restrictions 
are  rigorous,  and  the  punishments  awarded 
severe. 

Selling  obscene  prints  and  exposing  for 
sale  : — 


In  the  year 

1850 

- 

1 

1851 

- 

4 

1852 

- 

0 

1853 

- 

0 

1854 

- 

1 

1855 

- 

0 

1856 

- 

5 

1857 

- 

4 

1858 

- 

0 

1850 

- 

o 
O 

18G0 

- 

4 

Note. — The  total  number  only  for  ISll  can  now  be  given. 


22    ■ 

Recently  a  man  called  Dugdale,  who  has 
grown  grey  in  this  disgusting  occupation, 
was  brought  before  a  magistrate  for  selling 
obscene  prints,  and  also  sending  some  to 
customers  in  the  country.  The  magistrate 
committed  him  for  trial,  when  he  was  sent 
to  prison  for  two  years. 

It  is  always  more  or  less  interesting  to 
know  the  extent  of  instruction  among  cri- 
minals, and  with  that  idea  in  view  1  have 
put  together  the  annexed  table,  in  which  I 
have  included  all  the  offences  that  bear 
directly  and  remotely  upon  the  subject  I 
am  treating. 

As  regards  the  man  Dugdale,  and  the 
sale  of  immoral  publications,  obscene 
prints,  &c.,  a  long  account  of  the  prisoner's 
antecedents  was  given  in  the  newspaper 
reports.  He  had  been  engage<l  in  this  m- 
famous  and  diabolical  traffic  nearly  forty 
years,  and  had  spent  a  great  number  of 
them  in  prison  at  various  times  ;  tons 
weight  of  obscene  books,  pictures,  and 
plates  had  been  seized  upon  his  premises, 
and  he  was  well  known  to  be  the  principal 
instrument  for  the  dissemination  of  this 
sort  of  pollution  all  over  the  countrv.     The 


268 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pro»3Cution  was  instituted  by  the  meri- 
torious Society  for  the  Suppression  of 
Vice.  The  judge  made  a  few  brief  but  im- 
pressive observations  upon  the  inconceiv- 
able enormity  of  the  prisoner'^  offence,  and 
the  whole  course  of  his  life,  which  he  said 
had  been  one  of  vice,  wickedness,  infamy, 
and  villainy,  the  real  extent  of  which  words 
would  fail  to  describe.  From  the  records 
of  public  proceedings  for  years  past  the 
Court  had  a  knowledge   of  the  prisoner's 


previous  history,  and  it  would  be  a  waste 
of  words  and  the  public  time  to  say  any 
thing  further  to  such  a  person.  He  was 
liable  to  three  years'  hard-labour,  but,  con- 
sidering his  age,  the  Court  would  refrain 
from  going  to  extremity,  but  in  the  dis- 
charge of  their  duty  to  society  and  the 
rising  generation  they  felt  bound  to  pass 
upon  him  a  severe  sentence,  which  was 
that  he  be  kept  to  hard  labour  for  two 
years. 


TABLE    SHOWING   THE    DEGREE   OP    INSTRUCTION  OP   THE   PERSONS   TAKEN   INTO   CUSTODY   DURING 

A  PERIOD  OP  Ten  Years — 1850  to  1860. 


OFFENCES. 


Years. 


Total. 


Read  only,  or 

Neither  Read  I   vS^^^°i 
nor  Write      Wu  temper- 
fectly. 


Coucealmg  births  of  their  infants  . .     . . 

Feloniously    attemptinc;    to    procure  aA 
bortion J 

Rape 

Disorderly  Prostitutes       

Indecently  exposing  the  person       . .   . . 

Keeping  common  Brothels       

Selling  and  exposing  obscene  prints  for 
sale 


o 

CO 


fa 


167 

9 

324 

41,914 

1,155 

143 


Whilst  T  am  dilating  upon  statistics  it 
may 'not  be  inappropriate  to  refer  to  certain 
figures  and  facts  relating  to  the  Midnight 
Meeting  movement. 

By  the  courtesy  of  Mr.  Theophilus  Smith, 
secretary  to  the  Midnight  Meeting  move- 
ment, I  have  been  furnished  with  the 
general  statistical  results. 

20  meetings  have  been  held. 

4,000  friendless  young  women  heard  the 
gospel. 

23,000  Scripture  cards,  books,  tracts, 
and  Mr,  Noel's  address  at  the  second  meet- 
ing circulated. 

89  females  restored  to  friends. 
75  placed  in  service. 
81  in  homes. 

1  set  up  in  business. 

2  emigrated. 
6  married. 

1  sent  to  France. 
1  to  Holland. 
1  to  New-York. 
30  left  homes  after  a  short  residence. 

287 
Of  this  number  (287)  very  many  (up- 
wards of  thirty)  have  given  evidence  of  a 
change  of  heart. 


28 

44 

10,134 

129 

22 


124 

3 

226 

30,921 

785 

81 

16 


Rpad  and 
Write 
well. 


97 
784 
212 
40 

6 


Superior 
Instruc- 
tion. 


1 

75 
26 


56  restored  at 

Liverpool. 

50 

Manchester. 

130 

Edinburgh. 

30 

Dundee. 

35           „ 

Dublin. 

17 

Cardiff. 

10 

Eamsgate. 

358 

A  total  of  645,  besides  a  large  number 
who  through  the  influence  of  the  move- 
ment have  given  up  a  life  of  sin,  and 
sought  a  way  of  escape  for  themselves. 
The  committee  have  heard  of  many. 

I  append  a  list  of  the  metropolitan  homes 
and  refuges. 

1.  British  Penitent  Female  Befuge.  Cam- 
bridge Heath,  Hackney,  N.E. 

2.  Female  Temporary  Home.  218,  Mary- 
lebone  Road,  N.W. 

3.  Guardian  Society.  12,  North  side  of 
Bethnal  Green,  N.E. 

4.  Home  for  Fliendless  Young  Females 
of  Good  Character.  17,  New  Ormond 
Street,  W.C. 

5.  Home  for  Penitent  Females.  White 
Lion  Street,  Islington,  N. 

6.  Lock  Asylum.  Westbourne  Green, 
Paddington. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 


2G9 


7.  London  Diocesan  Penitentiary.  Park 
House,  Plighiiate,  N. 

8.  London  Female  Dormitory.  9,  Abbey 
Road,  St.  John's  Wood. 

9.  London  Female  Penitentiary^  166, 
Pentonville  Road,  N. 

10.  London  Female  Preventive  and  Pe- 
formatojy  Institution.  200,  Euston  Poad, 
N.W.,  and  18,  Cornwall  Place,  Holloway 
Road,  N. 

11.  London  Society  for  Protection  of 
Young  Females.  Asylum,  Tottenham,  N. ; 
Office,  28,  New  Broad  Street,  E.G. 

12.  Magdalen  Plospital.  115,  Biackfriars 
Road,  S. 

13.  Pefuge  for  the  Destitute.  jManor 
House,  Dalston,  N.E. 

14.  Society  for  the  Rescue  of  Young 
Women  and  Children.  There  are  five 
homes :  the  office  at  11,  Poultry,  E.G. 

15.  South  London  Institution. 

16.  St.  Marylebone  Female  Protection 
Society.     157,  Marylebone  Pioad,  N.W. 

17.  St.  James'  Home.  Whetstone, 
Finchley  Common,  W. 

18.  Trinity  Home.  9,  Portland  Road, 
Portland  Place,  W. 

19.  Westminster  Female  Refuge.  44, 
Vincent  Square,  S.W. 

From  February  1860  to  February  1861, 
by  contributions  and  collections  the  So- 
ciety, it  appears  from  the  balance  sheet, 
received  2,924Z.  7s.  Ad. 


Traffic  in  Foreigx  Women. 

I  One  of  the  most  disgraceful,  horrible  and 
revolting  practices  (not  even  eclipsed  by 
the  slave-trade),  carried  on  by  Europeans 
is  the  importation  of  girls  into  England 
from  foreign  countries  to  swell  the  ranks 
of  prostitution.  It  is  only  very  recently 
that  the  attention  of  Mr.  Tyrrwhit,  at  the 
Marlborough  Police  Court,  was  drawn  to 
the  subject  by  Mr.  Dalbert,  agent  to  the 
"  Society  for  the  Protection  of  Women  and 
Children." 

It  is  asserted  that  women  are  imported 
from  Belgium,  and  placed  in  houses  of  ill- 
fame,  where  they  are  compelled  to  support 
their  keepers  in  luxury  and  idleness  by  the 
proceeds  of  their  dishonour.  One  house 
in  particular  was  mentioned  in  Marylebone ; 
but  the  state  of  the  law  respecting  brothels 
is  so  peculiar  that  great  difticulty  is  experi- 
j  enced  in  extricating  these  unfortunate  crea- 
I  tures  from  their  dreadful  position.  If  it 
were  proved  beyond  the  suspicion  of  a 
doubt,  that  they  were  detained  against 
their  will,  the  Habeas  Corpus  Act  might  be 
of  aervice  to  their  friends,  but  it  appears 


they  are  so  jealously  guarded,  that  all  at- 
tempts to  get  at  them  have  hitherto  proved 
futile,  although  there  is  every  reason  to 
believe  that  energetic  measures  will  be 
taken  by  the  above-mentioned  Society  to 
mitigate  the  evil  and  relieve  the  victims. 

As  this  traffic  is  clandestine,  and  con- 
ducted with  the  greatest  caution,  it  is  im- 
possible to  form  any  correct  idea  of  its  ex- 
tent. There  are  numbers  of  foreign  women 
about,  but  it  is  probable  that  many  of  them 
have  come  over  here  of  their  own  free-will, 
and  not  upon  false  pretences  or  compulsion. 
One  meets  with  I'rench,  Spanish,  Italian, 
Belgian,  and  other  women. 

The  complaint  made  before  the  metro- 
politan magistrate  a  short  while  since  was 
in  favour  of  Belgian  women.  But  the  traffic 
is  not  confuied  to  them  alone.  It  would 
appear  that  the  unfortunate  creatures  are 
deluded  by  all  sorts  of  promises  and  cajolery, 
and  when  they  arrive  in  this  country  are,  in 
point  of  fact,  imprisoned  in  certain  houses  of 
ill-fame,  whose  keepers  derive  considerable 
emolument  from  their  durance.  They  are 
made  to  fetter  themselves  in  some  Vvay  or 
other  to  the  trepanner,  and  they,  in  their 
simple-mindedness,  consider  their  deed 
binding,  and  look  upon  themselves,  until 
the  delusion  is  dispelled,  as  thoroughly  in 
the  power  of  their  keepers. 

English  women  are  also  taken  to  foreign 
parts  by  designing  speculators.  The  Eng- 
lish are  known  to  congregate  at  Boulogne, 
at  Havre,  at  Dieppe,  at  Ostend,  and  other 
places.  It  is  considered  lucrative  by  the 
keepers  of  bawdy-houses  at  these  towns  to 
maintain  an  efficient  supply  of  English 
women  for  their  resident  countrymen :  and 
though  the  supply  is  inadequate  to  the  de- 
mand, great  numbers  of  girls  are  decoyed 
every  year,  and  placed  in  the  "  Maisons  de 
passe',"  or  "  Maisons  de  joie,"  as  they  are 
sometimes  called,  where  they  are  made 
to  prostitute  themselves.  And  by  the  farm 
of  their  persons  enable  their  procurers  to 
derive  considerable  profit. 

An  Englishwoman  told  me  how  she  was 
very  nearly  entrapped  by  a  foreign  woman. 
"I  met  an  emissary  of  a  French  bawdy- 
house,"  she  said,  "  one  night  in  the  Hay- 
market,  and,  after  conversing  Vvith  her  upon 
various  subjects,  she  opened  the  matter  she 
had  in  hand,  and,  after  a  little  manoeuvring 
and  bush-beating,  she  asked  me  if  I  would 
not  like  to  go  over  to  France.  She  speci- 
fied a  town,  which  was  Plavre.  '  You  will  get 
lots  of  money,"  she  added,  and  further 
represented  'that  I  should  have  a  very 
jolly  time  of  it.'  '  The  money  you  make  will 
be  equally  divided  between  yourself  and  the 
woman  of  the  house,  and  when  you  have 


270 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 


made  as  much  as  you  want,  you  may  come 
back  to  England  and  set  up  a  cafe  or  night- 
house,  where  your  old  friends  will  be  only 
too  glad  to  come  and  see  you.  You  will  of 
course  get  lots  of  custom,  nnd  attain  a  bet- 
ter future  than  you  can  now  possibly  hope 
for.  You  ought  to  look  upon  me  as  the 
greatest  friend  you  have,  for  1  am  putting 
a  chance  in  your  way  that  does  not  occur 
every  day,  I  can  tell  you.  If  you  value 
your  own  comfort,  and  think  for  a  moment 
about  your  future,  you  cannot  hesitate.  I 
have  an  agreement  in  my  pocket,  duly 
drawn  up  by  a  solicitor,  so  you  may  rely 
upon  its  being  all  on  the  square,  and  if  you 
sign  this — ' 

'"  To-night  ?'  1  asked. 

"  '  Yea,  immediately.  If  you  sign  this,  I 
will  supply  you  with  some  money  to  get 
what  you  want,  and  the  day  after  to-morrow 

you  shall  sail  for  Havre.     Madame 

is  a  very  nice  sort  of  person,  and  will  do  all 
in  her  power  to  make  you  happy  and  com- 
fortable, and  indeed  she  will  allow  you  to  do 
exactly  as  you  please.'  " 

Fortunately  tor  herself  my  informant 
refused  to  avail  herself  of  the  flattering 
prospect  so  alluringly  held  out  to  her.  The 
bait  was  tempting  enough,  but  the  hsh  was 
too  wary. 

Now  let  us  hear  the  recital  of  a  girl  who, 
at  an  early  age,  had  been  incarcerated  in 
one  of  these  "  Maisons  de  passe."  She  is 
now  in  England,  has  been  in  a  refuge,  and 
by  the  authorities  of  the  charity  placed  in 
an  occupation  which  enables  her  to  acquire 
a  livelihood  sufficient  to  allow  her  to  live 
as  she  had,  up  to  that  time,  been  accus- 
tomed to.     Her  story  1  subjoin  :  — 

"  When  I  was  sixteen  years'  old,  my 
lather,  who  kepi  a  public-house  in  Blooms- 
bury,  got  into  difficulties  and  became  bank- 
rupt. I  had  no  mother,  and  my  relations, 
such  as  they  were,  insisted  upon  my  keep- 
ing myself  in  some  way  or  other.  This 
determination  on  their  part  thoroughly  ac- 
corded with  ray  own  way  of  thinking,  and 
I  did  not  for  an  instant  refuse  to  do  so.  It 
then  became  necessary  to  discover  some- 
thing by  which  I  could  support  myself. 
Service  suggested  itself  to  me  and  my 
friends,  and  we  set  about  finding  out  a 
situation  that  I  could  fill.  They  told  me  I 
was  i)retty,  and  as  I  had  not  been  accus- 
tomed to  do  anything  laborious,  they 
thought  I  would  make  a  veiy  good  lady's 
maid.  1  advertised  in  a  morning  paper, 
and  received  three  answers  to  my  adver- 
tisement. The  first  I  went  to  did  not 
answer  my  expectations,  and  the  second 
was  moderately  good  ;  but  1  resolved  to  go 
to  the  third,  and  see  the  nature  of  it  before 


I  came  to  any  conclusion.  Consequently  1 
left  the  second  open,  and  went  to  the  third. 
It  ^\  as  addressed  from  a  house  in  Bulstrode- 
street,  near  Weibeck-street.  1  was  ushered 
into  the  house,  and  found  a  foreign  lady 
waiting  to  receive  me.  She  said  she  was 
going  back  to  France,  and  wished  for  an 
English  girl  to  accompany  her,  as  she  infi- 
nitely preferred  Eng'lish  to  French  women. 
She  offered  me  a  high  salary,  and  told  me 
my  duties  would  be  light;  in  fact  by  com- 
paring her  sta.tement  of  what  I  should  have 
to  do  with  that  of  the  others  I  had  visited, 
I  found  that  it  was  more  to  my  advantage 
to  live  with  her  than  with  them.  So  after 
a  little  consultation  with  m3^self,  1  deter- 
mined to  accept  her  offer.  No  sooner  had 
I  told  her  so  than  she  said  in  a  soft  tone  of 
voice — 

" '  Then,  my  dear,  just  be  good  enough  to 
sign  this  agreement  between  us.  It  is 
merely  a  matter  of  form — nothing  more, 
ma  cJiere.'' 

"  1  asked  her  what  it  was  about,  and  why 
it  was  necessary  for  me  to  sign  any  paper 
at  all  ? 

"  She  replied,  '  Only  for  our  mutual  satis- 
faction. ]  wish  you  to  remain  with  me 
for  one  year,  as  I  shall  not  return  to  Eng- 
land until  then.  And  if  you  hadn't  some 
agreement  with  me,  to  bind  you  as  it  were 
to  stay  with  me,  wdiy,  mon  Dieu  I  you  might 
leave  me  directly — oh !  c'est  rien.  You 
may  sign  without  fear  or  trembling.' 

"  Hearing  this  explanation  of  the  trans- 
action, without  reading  over  the  paper 
which  was  written  on  half  a  sheet  of  fools- 
cap, (for  1  did  not  wish  to  insult  or  offend 
her  by  so  doing,)  I  w^rote  my  name. 

"  She  instantly  seized  the  paper,  held  it 
to  the  fire  for  a  moment  or  two  to  dry,  and 
folding  it  up  placed  it  in  her  pocket. 

"  She  then  requested  me  to  be  ready  to 
leave  London  with  her  on  the  following 
Thursday,  W'liich  allowed  me  two  days  to 
make  my  preparations  and  to  take  leave  of 
my  friends,  which  1  did  in  very  good  spirits, 
as  I  thought  I  had  a  very  fair  prospect  be- 
fore me.  It  remained  for  wdiat  ensued  to 
disabuse  me  of  that  idea. 

"We  left  the  St.  Katherinc's  Docks  in 
the  steamer  for  Boulogne,  and  instead  of 
going  to  an  hotel,  as  I  expected,  we  ju-o- 
ceeded  to  a  private  house  in  the  Rue  N — 
0 — ,  near  the  Hue  de  I'Ecu.  I  have  farther 
to  tell  you  that  three  other  young  women 
accompanied  us.  One  was  a  housemaid, 
one  was  a  nursery  governess,  and  the  other 
a  cook,  I  was  introduced  to  them  as  people 
that  I  should  have  to  associate  with  w^hen 
we  arrived  at  Madame's  house.  In  fact  they 
were  represented  to  be  part  of  the  establish- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOJi. 


271 


ment ;  and  they,  poor  things,  fully  beheved 
they  were,  being  as  much  deluded  as  myself. 
The  house  that  Madame  brought  us  to  was 
roomy  and  commodious,  and,  as  I  after- 
wards discovered,  well,  if  not  elegantly, 
furnished.  We  were  shown  into  very  good 
bedrooms,  much  better  than  I  expected 
would  be  allotted  to  servants ;  and  when  I 
mentioned  this  to  Madame,  and  thanked 
her  for  her  kindness  and  consideration,  she 
replied  with  a  smile  : — 

"  '  Did  I  not  tell  you  how  well  you  would 
be  treated  ?  we  do  these  things  better  in 
France  than  they  do  in  England,' 

"  I  thanked  her  again  as  she  was  going 
away,  but  she  said,  '  Tais  toi,  Taistui,'  and 
left  me  quite  enchanted  with  her  goodness." 

I  need  not  expatiate  on  what  subsequently 
ensued.  It  is  easy  to  imagine  the  horrors 
that  the  poor  girl  had  to  undergo.  With 
some  difficulty  she  was  conquered  and  had  to 
submit  to  her  fate.  She  did  not  know  a 
word  of  the  language,  and  was  ignorant  of 
the  only  method  she  could  adopt  to  insure 
redress.  But  this  she  hajDpily  discovered 
in  a  somewhat  singular  manner.  When 
her  way  of  living  had  become  intolerable  to 
her,  she  determined  to  throw  herself  on 
the  generosity  of  a  young  Englishman  who 
was  in  the  habit  of  frequenting  the  house 
she  lived  in,  and  who  seemed  to  possess 
some  sort  of  affection  for  her. 

She  confessed  her  miserable  position  to 
him,  and  implored  him  to  protect  her  or 
point  out  a  means  of  safety.  He  at  once 
I'eplied,  "  The  best  thing  you  can  do  is 
to  go  to  the  British  Consul  and  lay  your 
case  before  him.  He  will  in  all  probability 
send  you  back  to  your  own  country."  It 
required  little  persuasion  on  her  part  to  in- 
duce her  friend  to  co-operate  with  her.  The 
main  thing  to  be  managed  was  to  escape 
from  the  house.  This  was  next  to  impos- 
sible, as  they  were  so  carefully  watched. 
But  they  were  allowed  occasionally,  if  they 
did  not  show  any  signs  of  discontent  to  go 
out  for  a  walk  in  the  town.  The  ramparts 
surrounding  the  "  Haute  Ville"  were  gene- 
rally selected  by  this  girl  as  her  promenade, 
and  when  this  privilege  of  walking  out 
was  allowed  her,  she  was  strictly  enjoined 
not  to  neglect  any  opportunity  that  might 
offer  itself,  ^he  arranged  to  meet  her  young 
friend  there,  and  gave  him  notice  of  the 
day  upon  which  she  would  be  able  to  go 
out.  If  a  girl  who  was  so  privileged 
chanced  to  meet  a  man  known  to  the  Bonne 
or  attendant  as  a  frequenter  of  the  house, 
she  retired  to  a  convenient  distance  or  went 
back  altogether.  The  plot  succeeded,  the 
consul  was  appealed  to  and  granted  the 
girl  a.  passport  to  return  to  England,  also 


offering  to  supply  her  with  money  to  pay 
her  passage  home.  This  necessity  was  ob- 
viated by  the  kindness  of  her  young  Eng- 
lish friend,  who  generously  gave  her  several 
pounds,  and  advised  her  to  return  at  once 
to  her  friends. 

Arrived  in  England,  she  found  her  friends 
reluctant  to  believe  the  tale  she  told  them, 
and  found  herself  thrown  on  her  own  re- 
sources. Without  a  character,  and  with  a 
mind  very  much  disturbed,  she  found  it 
difficult  to  do  anything  respectable,  and  at 
last  had  recourse  to  prostitution  ; — so  diffi- 
cult is  it  to  come  back  to  the  right  path 
when  we  have  once  strayed  from  it. 

Perhaps  it  is  almost  impossible  to  stop 
this  traffic ;  but  at  any  rate  the  infamous 
wretches  who  trade  in  it  may  be  intimidated 
by  publicity  being  given  to  their  acts,  and 
the  indignation  of  the  public  being  roused 
in  consequence.  What  can  we  imagine  more 
dreadful  than  kidna[)ping  a  confiding  un- 
suspecting girl,  in  some  cases  we  may  say 
child,  without  exaggeration,  for  a  girl  of  fif- 
teen is  not  so  very  far  removed  from  those 
who  come  within  the  provisions  of  the 
Bishop  of  Oxford  s  Act  1  I  repeat,  what  can 
be  more  horrible  than  transporting  a  girl, 
as  it  were,  by  false  representations  from  her 
native  land  to  a  country  of  strangers,  and 
condemning  her  against  her  will  to  a  life  of 
the  most  revolting  slavery  and  degradation, 
without  her  having  been  guilty  of  any 
offence  against  an  individual  or  against  the 
laws  of  the  land  ? 

It  is  difficult  to  believe  that  there  can  be 
many  persons  engaged  in  this  white  slave- 
trade,  but  it  is  undeniably  true. 

It  is  not  a  question  for  the  legislature  ;  for 
what  could  Parliament  do  ?  The  only  way 
to  decrease  the  iniquity  is  to  widely  disse- 
minate the  knowledge  of  the  existence  of 
such  infamy,  that  those  whom  it  most 
nearly  concerns,  may  be  jDut  upon  their 
guard,  and  thus  be  enabled  to  avoid  falling 
into  the  trap  so  cunningly  laid  for  them. 

Much  praise  is  due  to  those  benevolent 
societies  who  interest  themselves  in  these 
matters,  and  especially  to  that  which  we 
have  alluded  to  more  than  once — "  The 
Society  for  the  Protection  of  Women  and 
Children,"  over  which  Lord  Raynham  pre- 
sides. 

Much  good  may  be  done  by  this  means, 
and  much  misery  prevented.  The  mines  of 
Siberia,  with  all  their  terrors,  would  be  pre- 
ferred—even with  the  knout  in  prospec- 
tive—by these  poor  girls,  were  the  alterna- 
tive proffered  them,  to  the  wretched  life 
they  are  decoyed  into  leading.  For  all  their 
hopes  are  blasted,  all  their  feehngs  crushed, 
their  whole  existence  blighted,  and  their  life 


272 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOR. 


rendered  a  misery  to  them  instead  of  a 
blessing  and  a  means  of  rational  enjoyment. 
The  idea  of  slavery  of  any  kind  is  repul- 
sive to  the  English  mind  ;  but  when  that 
slavery  includes  incarceration,  and  mental 
as  well  as  physical  subjection  to  the  domi- 
nant power  by  whom  that  durance  is  im- 
posed, it  becomes  doubly  and  trebly  re- 
pugnant. If  it  were  simply  the  deprivation 
of  air  and  exercise,  or  even  the  j^erformance 
of  the  most  menial  offices,  it  might  be  borne 
with  some  degree  of  resignation  by  the 
sufferer,  however  unmerited  the  punish- 
ment. But  here  we  have  a  totally  different 
case  :  no  offence  is  committed  by  the  victim, 
but  rather  by  nature,  for  what  is  her  fault, 
but  being  pretty  and  a  woman  ?  For  this 
caprice  of  the  genius  of  form  who  presided 
over  her  birth  she  is  condemned  to  a  life 
of  misery,  degradation,  and  despair ;  com- 
pelled to  receive  caresses  that  are  hateful 
to  her,  she  is  at  one  moment  the  toy  of 
senile  sensuality,  and  at  others  of  impetuous 
juvenility,  both  alike  loathsome,  both  alike 
detestalile.  If  blandishments  disgust  her, 
words  of  endearment  only  make  her  state 
of  desolation  more  palpable  ;  while  profu- 
sions of  regard  serve  to  aggravate  the  poig- 
nancy of  her  grief,  all  around  her  is  hollow, 
all  artificial  except  her  wretchedness.  When 
to  ^his  is  added  ostracism — banishment 
from  one's  native  country — the  condition  of 
the  unfortunate  woman  is  indeed  pitiable, 
for  there  is  some  slight  consolation  in  hear- 
ing one's  native  language  spoken  by  those 
around  us,  and  more  especially  to  the  class 
from  which  these  girls  are  for  the  most 
part  taken.     We  must  add  "pom-  comble  d' 


iii justice,''''  that  there  is  no  future  for  the  girl, 
no  reprieve,  no  hope  of  mercy,  every  hope  is 
gone  from  the  moment  the  ])risou  tawdry 
is  assumed.  The  condemnation  is  severe 
enough,  for  it  is  for  life.  When  her  beauty  ' 
and  her  charms  no  longer  serve  to  attract 
the  libidinous,  she  sinks  into  the  condition 
of  a  servant  to  others  who  have  been  en- 
snared to  fill  her  place.  Happiness  cannot 
be  achieved  by  her  at  any  period  of  her 
servitude  ;  there  must  always  be  a  restless 
longing  for  the  end,  which  though  compara- 
tively quick  in  arriving  is  always  too  tardy. 
The  mind  in  time  in  many  cases  be- 
comes depraved,  and  the  hardness  of  heart 
that  follows  this  depravity  often  prevents 
the  girl  from  feeling  as  acutely  as  she  did 
at  first.  To  these  religion  is  a  dead  letter, 
which  is  a  greater  and  additional  calamity. 
But  to  be  brief,  the  victim's  whole  life  from 
first  to  last  is  a  series  of  disappointments, 
combined  with  a  succession  of  woes  that 
excite  a  shudder  by  their  contemplation, 
and  which  may  almost  justify  the  invocation 
of  Death  : — 

"  Death,  Death,  oh  amiable  lovely  death  ! 
Thou  odoriferous  stench!  sound  rottenness'. 
Arise  forth  from  the  couch  of  lasting  night, 
Thou  hate  and  terror  to  prosperity, 
And  I  will  kiss  thy  detestable  bones; 
And  put  my  eyeballs  in  thy  vaulty  b)-o\vs  ; 
And  ring  these  fingers  with  thy  liousehold  worms  ; 
And  stop  this  gap  of  breath  with  fulsome  dust, 
And  be  a  carrion  monster  like  thyself; 
Come,  grin  on  me  ;  and  I  will  think  thou  smil'st, 
And  kiss  thee  as  thy  wife  !     Misery's  love, 
0,  come  to  me  ! 

Shakespere,  King  Johi,  Act  iii.  Scene  4, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOU. 


2Td 


THIEVES  AND  SWINDLERS. 

I  bor    of    our    criminal   population — from 

Introduction.  whose  ranks  the  expert  pickpockets  and 

In  tracing  the  geography  of  a  river  it  is  |  the    ingenious   and    daring   burglars    in 


interesting  to  go  to  its  source,  possibly  a 
tiny  spring  in  the  cleft  of  a  rock  in  some 
mountain  glen.  You  follow  its  windings, 
observing  each  tributary  which  flows  into 
its  gathering  flood  until  it  discharges  its 
waters  into  the  sea.  We  proceed  in  a 
similar  manner  to  treat  of  the  thieves 
and  swindlers  of  the  metropolis. 

Thousands  of  our   felons  are    trained 
from  their  infancy  in  the  bosom  of  crime  ; 
a  large  proportion  of  them  are  born  in 
the  homes  of  habitual  thieves  and  other 
persons  of  bad  character,  and  are  familiar- 
ized with  vice  from  their  earliest  years  ; 
frequently  the  hrst  words  they  lisp  are 
oaths  and  curses.    Many  of  them  are  often 
cai'ricd  to  the  beershop  or  gin  palace  on 
the  breast  of  worthless  drunken  mothers, 
while   others,    clothed    in   rags,    run   at 
their  heels  or  hang  by  the  skirts  of  their 
petticoats.    In  their  wretched  abodes  they 
soon  learn  to  be  deceitful  and  artful,  and 
are  in  many  cases  very  precocious.    The 
greater  number  are  never  sent  to  school ; 
some  run  idle  about  the  streets  in  low 
neighbourhoods :  others  are  sent  out  to 
beg  throughout  the  city  ;  others  go  out 
with  their  mothers  and  sit   beside  their 
stalls  ;  while  others  sell  a  handful  of  mat- 
ches or  small  wares  in  our  public  tho- 
roughfares. 

One  day,  in  going  down  a  dark  alley  in 
the  Borough,  near  Horsemonger  Lane 
Gaol,  we  saw  a  little  boy — an  Irish  cock- 
ney, who  had  been  tempted  to  steal  by 
other  boys  he  was  in  the  habit  of  associa- 
ting with.  He  was  stripped  entirely 
naked,  and  was  looking  over  a  window 
on  the  first  floor  with  a  curious  grin  on 
his  countenance.  His  mother  had  kept 
his  clothes  from  him  that  day  as  a  pun- 
ishment for  stealing,  and  to  prevent  him 
getting  out  of  the  house  while  she  went 
out  to  her  street-stall. 

In  our  brief  sketch  of  the  criminals  of 
the  metropolis,  we  have  in  the  outset 
directed  our  attention  to  the  sneaks  or 
common  thieves — by  far  the  larger  num- 


most  cases  emerge.  We  have  treated  of 
the  incipient  stage  of  thieving,  when 
the  child  of  five  or  six  years  of  age 
steals  an  apple,  or  an  orange,  or  a  hand- 
ful of  nuts  from  a  stall,  or  an  old  pair 
of  boots  from  a  shop  door,  and  then 
traced  the  after-stages  of  more  daring 
crime. 

There  are  thousands  of  neglected  chil- 
dren loitering  about  the  low  neighbour- 
hoods of  the  metropolis,   and  prowling 
about  the  streets,   begging  and  stealing 
for  their  daily  bread.     They  are  to  be 
found     in     Westminster,     Wliitcchapel, 
Shoreditch,  St.  Giles's,  New  Cut,  Lam- 
beth, the  Borough,  and  other  localities. 
Hundreds  of  them  may  be  seen  leaving 
their  parents'  homes  and  low   lodging- 
houses  every  morning  sallying  forth  in 
search  of  food  and  plunder.    They  aro 
fluttering  in  rags  and  in  the  most  motley 
attire.     Some  are  orphans  and  have  no 
one  to  care  for  them  ;   others  have  left 
their  homes  and  live  in  lodging-houses 
in  the  most  improvident  manner,  never 
thinking  of  to-morrow ;  othei*s  are  sent 
out  by  their  unprincipled  parents  to  beg 
and  steal  for  a  livelihood  ;  others  are  the 
children  of  poor  but  honest  and  indus- 
trious people,  who  have  been  led  to  steal 
through  the  bad  companionship  of  juve- 
nile thieves.     Many  of  them  have  never 
been   at   a   day-school   nor   attended    a 
Smiday  or  ragged- school,  and  have  had 
no  moral  or  religious  instruction.     On 
the  -contrary,  they  have  been  surroimded 
by  the  most  baneful  and  degrading  in- 
fluences,  and  have  been  set  a  bad  ex- 
ample by  their  parents  and  others  with 
whom   they    came   in   contact,  and   aro 
shunned  by  the  honest  and  industrious 
classes  of  society.     The  chief  agencies 
which  have  tended   to  ameliorate  their 
condition  are  the  ragged-schools,  where 
they  receive  sound  secular  and  religious 
instruction ;    the    shoeblacks'    brigades, 
w^here   they    are    trained    in   habits    of 
honest  industry  ;    and   the  juvenile   re- 


T 


274 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


formatories,  which  have  been  instituted 
for  their  moral  and  social  elevation. 

Many  of  them  are  hungry,  and  have 
no  food  to  eat  nor  money  to  purchase  it, 
and  readily  steal  when  they  find  a  suit- 
able opportunity.  Not  having  received 
the  benefit  of  a  sound  moral  training, 
they  have  not  the  conscientious  scruples 
possessed  \>j  the  children  of  honest  pa- 
rents ;  their  only  care  is  to  avoid  being 
detected  in  their  felonies.  When  they 
successfully  steal  some  article  from  a 
stall  or  shop-door,  or  rifle  a  till  by  enter- 
ing the  shop,  they  are  congratulated  on 
their  expertness  by  their  companions,  and 
enjoy  a  larger  share  of  plunder. 

The  public  streets  of  the  metropolis 
are  regarded  by  these  ragged  little  felons 
and  the  children  of  honest  industrious 
parents  in  a  very  different  aspect.  The 
latter  v/alk  the  streets  with  their  eyes 
sparkling  with  wonder  and  delight  at  the 
beautiful  and  grand  sights  of  the  metro- 
polis. They  are  struck  with  the  splendour 
of  the  shops  and  the  elegance  and  state- 
liness  of  the  public  buildings,  and  with 
the  dense  crowds  of  people  of  various 
orders,  and  trains  of  vehicles  thronging 
the  streets.  These  little  ragged  thieves 
v/alk  along  the  streets  with  very  different 
emotions.  They,  too,  in  their  own  way, 
enjoy  the  sights  and  sounds  of  London. 
Amid  the  busy  crov/ds  many  of  them  are 
to  be  seen  sitting  in  groups  on  the  pave- 
ment or  loitering  about  in  good-humour 
and  merriment ;  yet  ever  and  anon  their 
keen  roguish  eyes  sparkle  as  they  look 
into  the  windows  of  the  confectioners', 
bakers',  and  greengrocers'  shops,  at  the 
same  time  keeping  a  sharp  eye  on  the 
policeman  as  he  passes  on  his  beat. 

These  juvenile  thieves  find  an  ample 
field  for  plunder  at  the  stalls  and  shop- 
doors  in  Whitcchapel,  Shoreditch,  Edge- 
v/aro  Eoad,  and  similar  localities,  where 
many  articles  are  exposed  for  sale,  which 
can  bo  easily  disposed  of  to  some  of  the 
low  fences.  In  this  manner  thousands 
of  our  felons  are  trained  to  be  expert  and 
daring  in  crime,  and  are  frequently  tried 
and  convicted  before  the  Police  Courts. 

This  is  the  main  source  of  the  habitual 
felons  of  the  metropolis.  As  these  boys 
and  girls  gi'ow  up  tiiey  commence  a 
Bj'^stem  of  sneaking  thefts  over  the  metro- 


polis, some  purloining  in  shops,  others 
gliding  into  areas  and  lobbies  on  various 
pretences,  stealing  articles  from  the 
kitchen,  and  when  opportunity  occurs 
carrying  off  the  plate. 

As  these  young  felons  advance  in  years 
they  branch  off  into  three  different 
classes,  determined  partly  by  their  na 
tural  disposition  and  personal  qualities, 
and  partly  by  the  circumstances  in  which 
they  are  placed.  Many  of  them  continue 
through  life  to  sneak  as  common  thieves, 
others,  become  expert  pickpockets,  and 
some  ultimately  figure  as  burglars. 

A  vast  number  of  juvenile  thieves  as 
they  grow  up  continue  to  carry  on  a 
system  of  petty  felonies  over  the  metro- 
polis, and  reside  in  the  lowest  neigh- 
bourhoods. Some  pretend  to  sell  laces 
and  small  wares  to  get  a  pretext  to  call 
at  the  houses  of  labouring  people  and 
tradesmen,  and  to  go  dov»-n  the  areas  and 
enter  the  lobbies  in  fashionable  streets. 
In  addition  to  the  paltry  profits  arising 
from  these  sales  they  get  a  livelihood  by 
begging,  and  as  a  matter  of  coui'se  do  not 
scruple  to  steal  when  they  can  find  an 
opportunity. 

These  common  thieves  are  of  both 
sexes,  and  of  various  ages,  and  are  often 
characterized  by  mental  imbecility  and 
low  cunning.  Many  of  them  are  lazy  in 
disposition  and  lack  energy  both  of  body 
and  mind.  They  go  out  daily  in  vast 
shoals  over  the  metropolis  picking  up  a 
miserable  and  precarious  livelihood, 
sometimes  committing  felonies  in  the 
houses  they  visit  of  considerable  value. 

The  pickpockets  are  of  various  ages 
and  of  different  degrees  of  proficiency, 
from  the  little  ragged  urchin  in  St,  Giles's 
stealing  a  handkerchief  at  the  tail  of  a 
gentleman's  coat,  to  the  elegantly  dressed 
and  expert  pickpocket  promenading  in 
the  West-end  and  attending  fashionable 
assemblies.  Some  are  dressed  as  me- 
chanics, others  as  clerks,  some  as  smart 
business  men,  and  others  in  fashionable 
attire.  They  are  to  be  found  on  all 
public  occasions,  some  of  them  clumsy 
and  timid,  others  daring  and  most  expert. 
Many  of  them  continue  to  pursue  this 
class  of  felonies  in  preference  to  any 
other.  They  receive  a  considerable  ac- 
cession to  their  numbers  by  yonng  women, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  I'OOR. 


275 


frequontly  servants  who  have  been  se- 
duced, and  cohabit  with  burglars,  pick- 
pockets, and  others,  and  who  are  trained 
to  this  infamous  profession,  and  in  many 
cases  are  shoplifters. 

Many  are  trained  to  commit  house- 
breaking and  burglaries  from  fourteen  to 
fifteen  years  of  age.  Boys  are  occasionally 
employed  to  enter  through  fanlights  and 
windows,  and  to  assist  otherwise  in  plun- 
dering dwellings  and  shops.  Some  of 
them  commit  burglaries  of  small  value 
in  working  neighbourhoods,  where  com- 
paratively little  ingenuity  and  skill  are 
refjuired,  others  plunder  shops  and  ware- 
houses and  fashionable  dwellings,  which 
is  generally  done  with  greater  care  and 
ingenuity,  and  where  the  booty  is  often 
of  hicfher  value. 

In  addition  to  the  three  classes  we 
have  named,  the  common  thief,  the 
pickpocket,  and  the  burglar,  there  is 
another  class  of  low  ruffians  who  fre- 
quently cohabit  with  low  women  and 
prostitutes,  and  commit  highway  robbe- 
ries. They  often  follow  these  degraded 
females  on  the  streets,  and  attack  persons 
who  accost  them,  believing  them  to  be 
prostitutes.  At  other  times  they  garotte 
men  on  the  street  at  midnight,  or  in  the 
by -streets  in  the  evening,  and  plunder 
them  with  violence.  This  class  of  per- 
sons are  generally  hardened  in  crime, 
and  many  of  them  are  returned  convicts. 

The  habitual  crime  of  the  female 
portion  of  the  community  is  in  most 
cases  associated  with  prostitution.  We 
learn  from  statistics  collected  by  the 
metropolitan  constabulary  for  1860,  that 
there  are  nearly  7000  open  prostitutes  or 
street- walkers  in  London,  three  fourths 
of  whom  we  have  reason  to  believe  are 
addicted  to  stealing.  While  many  of 
these  belong  to  our  native-born  felon 
population,  a  large  proportion  have  been 
seduced  from  the  ranks  of  honest  and  in- 
dustrious people  in  London,  or  have 
come  up  from  the  provinces,  while  a 
few  of  them  are  from  the  Continent. 

We  believe  that  the  most  effective 
means  of  checking  the  crime  of  the  me- 
tropolis is  to  have  an  efficient  machi- 
nery of  ragged  schools  in  those  low 
neighbourhoods,  where  neglected  chil- 
dren   are   to  be   found,    similar   to    the 


ragged  school  in  George's  Yard,  and  to 
train  them  in  honest  employment,  as 
in  the  shoeblack  brigades  or  industrial 
schools. 

We  learn  from  the  statistics  of  the 
constabulary  of  the  metropolis  that 
juvenile  crime  has  been  considerably  re- 
duced within  the  past  ten  years.  Several 
of  our  police  inspectors  have  laboured 
with  untiring  industry  to  reform  the 
lodging-houses  and  to  introduce  cleanli- 
ness and  decency,  where  immorality  and 
filth  formerly  prevailed.  And  noble 
exertions  have  been  made  by  Christian 
societies  to  illumine  these  dark  localities 
v/ith  the  light  of  Christian  truth. 

Yet  much  still  remains  to  be  done. 
And  it  is  a  problem  v/orthy  of  oiu' 
highest  and  wisest  statesmen  to  consider 
whether  adequate  means  to  elevate  this 
abandoned  class  are  to  be  provided  by 
voluntary  effort,  or  by  the  paternal  care 
of  our  Government  from  the  public 
treasury. 

It  is  far  easier  to  train  the  young  in 
virtuous  and  industrious  habits,  than  to 
reform  the  grown-up  felon  who  has  be- 
come callous  in  crime,  and  it  is  besides 
far  more  profitable  to  the  State.  To 
neglect  them  or  inadequately  to  attend 
to  their  welfare  gives  encouragement  to 
the  growth  of  this  dangerous  class.  On 
the  other  hand  how  noble  the  aim,  to 
adopt  wise  and  vigorous  measures  to 
provide  for  these  children  of  adversity 
and  misfortune,  and  to  transform  them 
into  useful  members  of  society ! 

Our  national  reformatories  are  very 
useful  in  reclaiming  those  juveniles 
who  have  fallen  into  crime  ;  but  ragged 
schools  efficiently  conducted  would  be  of 
still  higher  value — as  prevention  is 
better  than  cure.  In  providing  those 
noble  machineries  by  voluntary  effort,  or 
by  the  State,  we  would  wisely  act  as 
the  mimster  of  Divine  Providence,  and 
would  thereby  j)romote  the  best  interests 
and  prosperity  of  our  country. 

We  have  also  endeavoured  to  give  a 
cursory  sketch  of  the  swindlers  of  the 
metropolis,  who  are  generally  of  a  dif- 
ferent class  from  our  felon  population. 
They  consist  of  persons  embezzling  the 
property  of  their  employers  ;  of  sharpers 
plundering  their  dupes  by  tricks  at  card- 


27G 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  i'OOli. 


Inlaying,  skittles,  or  otherwise ;  and  of 
rogues  abstracting  the  property  of  the 
public  by  false  pretences.  Many  of 
these  formerly  belonged  to  the  ranks  of 
the  honest  and  industrious  working  and 
middle-classes,  and  not  a  few  of  them  are 
well  connected,  and  have  lived  in  fashion- 
able society.  By  improvidence,  extrava- 
gance, or  dissipation,  they  have  squan- 
dered their  means,  and  have  now  basely 
adopted  a  course  of  systematic  dishonesty 
rather  than  lead  an  industrious  life.  Some 
of  them  have  led  a  fast  life  in  the  metro- 
polis, and  are  persons  of  ruined  fortune. 
Others  are  indolent  in  disposition,  and 
carry  on  a  subtle  system  of  public  rob- 
bery rather  tlian  pursue  some  honest 
occupation  or  calling. 

It  may  throw  considerable  light  on 
the  crime  of  London  to  look  to  the 
criminal  statistics  of  the  Metropolitan 
Police  Force.  We  find  a  statement  of 
those  who  w^ere  apprehended  or  pro- 
ceeded against  in  the  year  ending  29th 
Sejitember,  1860. 

Under  the  class  of  persons  proceeded 
against  on  indictment  there  are  : — 

Known  thieves  -  -  -       813 

Prostitutes     -  -  -  159 

Suspected  characters  -  -    1,440 

2,412 

Under  the  class  of  persons  proceeded 
against  summarily  there  are  : — 

Kno\ATi  thieves  -         -  -    2,850 

Prostitutes     -          -  -         7,381 

Vagrants,  tramps,  &c.  -    2,888 

Suspicious  characters  -         7,044 

Habitual  drunkards    -  -    3,661 

23,824 

A  number  of  these  parties  have  ap- 
peared repeatedly  before  the  Police 
Courts  during  the  year. 

In  the  return  for  the  month  of  Sep- 
tember, 1860,  we  find  the  following 
statement  of  depredators,  offenders,  and 
suspected  persons  at  lai'ge  within  the 
districts  of  the  police  : — 


Known  thieves  and  depredators  2,906 

Prostitutes  -  -  -  -  6,881 

Suspicious  characters  ••  -  1,770 

Vagrants  and  tramps      -  -  1,461 

In  all,  13,018 

The  average  number  of  persons  roam- 
ing as  thieves  over  the  metropolis  com- 
mitting depredations  may  be  safely  esti- 
mated at  from  12,000  to  15,000  ;  a  huge 
army  living  on  the  industry  of  the 
community. 

The  amount  of  property  abstracted 
in  the  metroj)olitan  districts  for  the 
year  1860    -         -         -  -    £62,095 

Ditto  ditto  in  the  City  -  9,508 


£71,603 


This  does  not  give  the  full  amount 
of  the  depredations  committed  by  the 
j'obbers  of  the  metropolis,  as  many 
felonies  are  not  included  in  the  police 
returns. 

In  writing  this  account  of  the  state 
of  crime  in  London,  we  have  received 
valuable  assistance  throughout  from  the 
city  and  metropolitan  police  force.  Wo 
have  to  acknowledge  our  obligations  ge- 
nerally to  Sir  Eichard  Mayne  and  Mr. 
Yardley  at  Scotland  Yard,  and  specially 
to  Mr.  Jones,  of  Tower  Street  Police 
Station,  Lambeth,  for  information  on 
common  thieves ;  to  Mr.  Whyte  of 
Marylebone  Station  on  skeleton-key  and 
attic  thieves ;  to  Serjeant  McVitti  of 
Hoxtou  ;  Mr.  Ackrill  of  Fleet  Street,  and 
Mr.  Jones  of  Tower  Street  on  pick- 
pockets; to  Inspector  Foulger  of  the 
City  police  ;  Mr.  Knight,  of  Fleet  Street, 
and  Serjeant  Potter  of  Paddington  Sta- 
tion on  burglars,  forgers,  magsmen  and 
skittle-sharps ;  to  Mr.  Brennan  on  coin- 
ers ;  to  Inspector  Broad  of  Sj^italfields 
Station  on  highway  robbers  ;  to  Inspector 
Hunt  on  embezzlers ;  to  Mr.  Stubbs  on 
swindlers ;  and  to  numerous  other  offi- 
cers of  the  city  and  metropolitan  police 
for  their  generous  and  cordial  aid. 


LONDON  LABOVn  AND  THE  LONDON  POOU. 


211 


THE  SNEAKS,  OR  COMMON  THIEVES. 


The  common  thief  is  not  distinguished 
for  manual  dexterity  and  accomphshment, 
hke  the  pickpocket  or  mobsman,  nor  for 
courage,  ingenuity,  and  skill,  like  the  bur- 
glar, but  is  characterized  by  low  cunning 
and  stealth — hence  he  is  termed  the  Sneak, 
and  is  despised  by  the  higher  classes  of 
thieves. 

There  are  various  orders  of  Sneaks — from 
the  urchin  stealing  an  apple  at  a  stall,  to 
the  man  who  enters  a  dwelling  by  the  area 
or  an  attic  window  and  carries  off  the  silver 
plate. 

In  treating  of  the  various  classes  of  com- 
mon thieves  and  their  different  modes  of 
felony,  we  shall  first  treat  of  the  juvenile 
thieves  and  their  delinquencies,  and  notice 
the  other  classes  in  their  order,  according 
to  the  progressive  nature  and  aggravation 
of  their  crime. 

Street-stalls. — In  wandering  along  White- 
chapel  we  see  ranges  of  stalls  on  both 
sides  of  the  street,  extending  from  the 
neighbourhood  of  the  Minories  to  White- 
cliapel  church.  Various  kinds  of  mer- 
chandize are  exposed  to  sale.  There  are 
stalls  for  fruit,  vegetables,  and  oysters. 
There  are  also  stalls  where  fancy  goods  are 
exposed  for  sale — combs,  brushes,  chimney- 
ornaments,  children's  toys,  and  common 
articles  of  jewellery.  We  find  middle-aged 
women  standing  with  baskets  of  firewood, 
and  Cheap  Johns  selling  various  kinds  of 
Sheffield  cutlery,  stationery,  and  plated 
goods. 

It  is  an  interesting  sight  to  saunter  along 
the  New  Cut,  Lambeth,  and  to  observe  the 
street  stalls  of  that  localit}^  Here  you  see 
some  old  Irish  woman,  with  apples  and 
pears  exposed  on  a  small  board  placed  on 
the  top  of  a  barrel,  while  she  is  seated  on 
an  upturned  bushel  basket  smoking  her 
pipe. 

Alongside  you  notice  a  deal  board  on  the 
top  of  a  tressel,  and  an  Irish  girl  of  18 
years  of  age  seated  on  a  small  three-legged 
stool,  shouting  in  shrill  tones  "  Apples,  hue 
api)les,  ha'penny  a  lot !" 

You  find  another  stall  on  the  top  of  two 
tressels,  with  a  larger  quantity  of  apples 
and  pears,  kept  by  a  woman  who  sits  by 
with  a  child  at  her  breast. 

In  another  place  you  see  a  costermonger's 
barrow,  with  large  green  and  yellow  piles 
of  fruit  of  better  quality  than  the  others, 
and  a  group  of  boys  and  girls  assembled 
around  him  as  he  smartly  disposes  of  penny- 


worths to  the  persons  passing  along  the 
street. 

Outside  a  public-house  you  see  a  young 
man,  humpbacked,  with  a  basket  of  herrings 
and  haddocks  standing  on  the  pavement, 
calling  "Yarmouth  herrings — three  a- 
penny  !"  and  at  the  door  of  a  beersliop 
with  the  sign  of  the  "  Pear  Tree"  we  find 
a  miserable  looking  old  woman  selling 
cresses,  seated  on  a  stool  with  her  feet  in 
an  old  basket. 

As  we  wander  along  the  New  Cut  during 
the  day,  we  do  not  see  so  many  young 
thieves  loitering  about  ;  but  in  the  evening 
when  the  lamps  are  lit,  they  steal  forth 
from  their  haunts,  with  keen  roguish  eye, 
looking  out  for  booty.  We  then  see  them 
loitering  about  the  stalls  or  minglmg  among 
the  throng  of  people  in  the  'street,  looking 
wistfully  on  the  tempting  fruit  displayed 
on  the  stalls. 

These  young  Arabs  of  the  city  have  a 
very  strange  and  motley  appearance.  Many 
of  them  are  only  G  or  7  years  of  age, 
others  8  or  10.  Some  have  no  jacket, 
cap,  of  shoes,  and  wander  about  London 
with  their  ragged  trowsers  hung  by  one 
brace  ;  some  have  an  old  tattered  coat, 
much  too  large  for  them,  without  shoes 
and  stockings,  and  with  one  leg  of  the 
trowsers  rolled  up  to  the  knee  ;  others 
have  on  an  old  greasy  grey  or  black  cap),  with 
an  old  jacket  rent  at  the  elbows,  and  strips 
of  the  lining  hanging  down  behind  ;  others 
have  on  an  old  dirty  pinafore  ;  while  some 
have  petticoats.  They  are  generally  in  a 
squalid  and  unwashed  condition,  with  their 
hair  clustered  in  wild  disorder  like  a  mop, 
or  hanging  down  in  dishevelled  locks, — in 
some  cases  cropped  close  to  the  head. 

Groups  of  these  ragged  urchins  may  be 
seen  standing  at  the  corners  of  the  streets 
and  in  public  thoroughfares,  with  blacking- 
boxes  slung  on  their  back  by  a  leathern 
belt,  or  crouching  in  groups  on  the  p)ave- 
ment ;  or  we  may  occasionally  see  them 
running  alongside  of  omnibuses,  cabs,  and 
hansoms,  nimbly  turning  somersaults  on 
the  pavement  as  they  scamper  along,  and 
occasionally  walking  on  their  hands  with 
their  feet  in  the  air  in  our  fashionable 
streets,  to  the  merriment  of  the  passers-by. 
Most  of  them  are  Irish  cockneys,  which  we 
can  observe  in  their  features  and  accent — 
to  which  class  most  of  the  London  thieves 
belong.  They  are  generall}^  very  acute  and 
ready-witted,  and  have  a  knowing  twinkle 


278 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


in  their  eye  wliicli  exhibits  the  precocity 
of  their  minds. 

As  we  ramble  along  the  Nev>r  Cut  in  the 
dusk,  mingled  in  the  throng  on  the  crowded 
street,  chiefly  composed  of  working  people, 
the  young  ragged  thieves  may  be  seen 
stealing  forth  :  their  keen  eye  readily  re- 
cognizes the  police-ofl&cers  proceeding  in 
their  rounds,  as  well  as  the  detective 
officers  in  their  quiet  and  cautious  move- 
ments. They  seldom  steal  from  coster- 
mongers,  but  frequently  from  the  old 
women's  stalls.  One  will  push  an  old 
woman  off  her  seat  —  perhaps  a  bushel 
basket,  while  the  others  will  steal  her  fruit 
or  the  few  coppers  lying  on  her  stall.  This 
is  done  by  day  as  well  as  by  night,  but 
chiefly  in  the  dusk  of  the  evening. 

They  generally  go  in  a  party  of  three  or 
four,  sometimes  as  many  as  eight  together. 
Watching  their  opportunity,  they  make  a 
sudden  snatch  at  the  apples  or  pears,  or 
oranges  or  nuts,  or  walnuts,  as  the  case  may 
be,  then  run  off,  with  the  cry  of  "  stop 
thief!"  ringing  in  their  ears  from  the 
passers-by.  These  petty  thefts  are  often 
done  from  a  love  of  mischief  rather  than 
from  a  desire  for  plunder. 

When  overtaken  by  a  police-officer,  they 
in  general  readily  go  with  him  to  the 
police-station.  Sometimes  the  urchin  will 
lie  down  in  the  street  and  cry  "  let  me  go  !" 
and  the  bystanders  will  take  his  part. 
This  is  of  frequent  occurrence  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  New-cut  and  the  Water- 
loo-road— a  well-known  rookery  of  young 
thieves  in  London. 

By  the  petty  thefts  at  the  fruit-stalls 
they  do  not  gain  much  money — seldom 
so  much  as  to  get  admittance  to  the 
gallery  of  the  Victoria  Theatre,  which 
they  delight  to  frequent.  They  are  par- 
ticularly interested  in  the  plays  of  rob- 
beries, burglaries,  and  murders  performed 
there,  which  are  done  in  melodramatic 
style.  There  are  similar  fruit-stalls  in  the 
other  densely  populated  districts  of  the 
metropolis. 

In  the  Mile-end-road,  and  New  North- 
road,  and  occasionally  in  other  streets 
in  different  localities  of  London,  common 
jewellery  is  exposed  for  sale,  consisting 
of  brooches,  rings,  bracelets,  breast-pins, 
watch-chains,  eye-glasses,  ear-rings  and 
studs,  &c.  There  are  also  stalls  for  the 
sale  of  china,  looking-glasses,  combs,  and 
chimney-ornaments.  The  thefts  from  these 
are  generally  managed  in  this  way  : — 

One  goes  up  and  looks  at  some  trifling 
article  in  company  with  his  associates. 
The  party  in  charge  of  the  stall — generally 
a  woman — knowing  their  thieving  propen- 


sity, tells  them  to  go  away  ;  which  they 
decline  to  do,  AVhen  the  woman  goes  to 
remove  him,  another  boy  darts  forward  at 
the  other  end  of  the  stall  and  steals  some 
article  of  jewellery,  or  otherwise,  while  her 
attention  is  thus  distracted. 

The-se  juvenile  thieves  are  chiefly  to 
be  found  in  Lucretia-street,  Lambeth ; 
Union-street,  Borough-road  ;  Gunn-street, 
and  Friars-street,  Blackfriars-road ;  also 
at  Whitechapel,  St.  Giles's,  Drury-lane, 
Somers  Town,  Anderson  Grove,  and  other 
localities. 

The  statistics  connected  with  this  class 
of  felonies  will  be  given  when  we  come  to 
treat  on  "  Stealing  from  the  doors  and 
windows  of  shops." 

Stealing  from  the  Tills. — This  is  done  by 
the  same  class  of  boys,  generally  by  two 
or  three,  or  more,  associated  together.  It 
is  committed  at  any  hour  of  the  day,  prin- 
cipally in  the  evening,  and  generally  in  the 
following  way  :  One  of  the  boys  throws  his 
cap  into  the  shop  of  some  greengrocer 
or  other  small  dealer,  in  the  absence  of  the 
person  in  charge  ;  another  boy,  often  with- 
out shoes  or  stockings,  creeps  in  on  his 
hands  and  knees  as  if  to  fetch  it,  being 
possibly  covered  from  without  by  some  of 
the  boys  standing  beside  the  shop-door, 
who  is  also  on  the  look-out.  Any  passer- 
by seeing  the  cap  thrown  in  would  take 
no  particular  notice  in  most  cases,  as  it 
merely  appears  to  be  a  thoughtless  boyish 
frolic.  Meantime  the  young  rogue  within 
the  shop  crawls  round  the  counter  to  the 
till,  and  rifles  its  contents. 

If  detected,  he  possibly  says,  "Let  me 
go  ;  I  have  done  nothing.  That  boy  who  is 
standing  outside  and  has  just  run  away 
threw  in  my  bonnet,  and  I  came  to  fetch 
it."  When  discovered  by  the  shopkeeper, 
the  boy  will  occasionally  be  allowed  to  get 
away,  as  the  loss  may  not  be  known  till 
afterwards. 

Sometimes  one  of  these  ragged  urcliins 
watches  a  favourable  opportunity  and  steals 
from  the  till  while  his  comrade  is  observing 
the  movements  of  the  people  passing  by 
and  the  police,  without  resorting  to  the 
ingenious  expedient  of  throwing  in  the 
cap. 

The  shop  tills  are  generally  rifled  by 
boys,  in  most  cases  by  two  or  more  in 
company  ;  this  is  only  done  occasionally. 
It  is  confined  chiefly  to  the  districts  where 
the  working  classes  reside. 

In  some  cases,  though  rarely,  a  lad  of  17 
or  19  years  of  age  or  upwards,  will  reach 
his  hand  over  the  counter  to  the  till,  in  the 
absence  of  the  person  in  charge  of  the 
shop. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOlSi  FOOB. 


279 


These  robberies  are  not  very  numerous,  ] 
and  are  of  small  collective  value. 

Stealing  from  the  Doors  and  Windows  of 
Shops. — In  various  shopping  districts  of 
London  we  see  a  great  variety  of  goods 
displayed  for  sale  at  the  different  shop- 
doors  and  windows,  and  on  the  pavement 
in  front  of  the  shops  of  brokers,  butchers, 
grocers,  milliners,  &c. 

Let  us  take  a  picture  from  the  New-cut, 
Lambeth.  We  observe  many  brokers'  shops 
along  the  street,  with  a  heterogenous 
assortment  of  household  furniture,  tables, 
chairs,  looking-glasses,  plain  and  orna- 
mental, cupboards,  fire-'screens,  &c.,  ranged 
along  the  broad  pavement ;  while  on  tables 
are  stores  of  carpenters'  tools  in  great 
variety,  copper-kettles,  brushes,  and  bright 
tin  pannikins,  and  other  articles. 

We  see  the  dealer  standing  before  his 
door,  with  blue  apron,  hailing  the  passer-by 
to  make  a  purchase.  Upon  stands  on  the 
pavement  at  each  side  of  his  shop-door 
are  cheeses  of  various  kinds  and  of  dif- 
ferent qualities,  cut  up  into  quarters  and 
slices,  and  rashers  of  bacon  lying  in  piles 
in  the  open  windows,  or  laid  out  on  marble 
slabs.  On  deal  racks  are  boxes  of  eggs, 
"  fresh  from  the  country,"  and  white  as 
snow,  and  large  pieces  of  bacon,  ticketed 
as  of  "  fine  flavour,"  and  "very  mild." 

Alongside  is  a  milliner's  shop  with  the 
milliner,  a  smart  young  woman,  seated 
knitting  beneath  an  awning  in  front  of  her 
door.  On  iron  and  wooden  rods,  suspended 
on  each  side  of  the  door- way,  are  black  and 
white  straw  bonnets  and  crinolines,  swing- 
ing in  the  wind  ;  while  on  the  tables  in 
front  are  exposed  boxes  of  gay  feathers, 
and  flowers  of  every  tint,  and  fronts  of 
fr^hirts  of  various  styles,  with  stacks  of  gown- 
pieces  of  various  patterns. 

A  green-grocer  stands  by  his  shop  with 
a  young  girl  of  17  by  his  side.  On  each 
side  of  the  door  are  baskets  of  apples,  with 
large  boxes  of  onions  and  peas.  Cabbages 
are  heaped  at  the  front  of  the  shop,  with 
piles  of  white  turnips  and  red  carrots. 

Over  the  street  is  a  furniture  wareroom. 
Beneath  the  canvas  awning  before  the  shop 
are  chairs  of  various  kinds,  straw-bottomed 
and  seated  with  green  or  puce-coloured 
leather,  fancy  looking-glasses  in  gilt  frames, 
parrots  in  cages,  a  brass-mounted  port- 
manteau, and  other  miscellaneous  articles. 
An  active  young  shopman  is  seated  by  the 
shop-door,  in  a  light  cap  and  dark  apron — 
with  newspaper  in  hand. 

Near  the  Victoria  Theatre  we  notice  a 
second-hand  clothes  store.  On  iron  rods 
suspended  over  the  doorway  we  find  trow- 
sers,  vests,  and  coats  of  all  patterns  and 


sizes,  and  of  every  quality  dangling  in  the 
wind  ;  and  on  small  wooden  stands  along 
the  pavement  are  jackets  and  coats  of 
various  descriptions.  Here  are  corduroy 
jackets,  ticketed  "  15s.  and  16s.  made  to 
order."  Corduroy  trowsers  warranted  "  first 
rate,"  at  7s.  Gd.  Fustian  trowsers  to  order 
for  8s.  6d. ;  while  dummies  are  ranged  on 
the  pavement  with  coats  buttoned  upon 
them,  inviting  us  to  enter  the  shop. 

In  the  vicinity  we  see  stalls  of  workmen's 
iron  tools  of  various  kinds — some  old  and 
rusty,  others  bright  and  new. 

Thefts  are  often  committed  from  the 
doors  and  windows  of  these  shops  during 
the  day,  in  the  temporary  absence  of  the 
person  in  charge.  The}'-  are  often  seen  oy 
passers-by,  who  take  no  notice,  not  wishing 
to  attend  the  police  court,  as  they  consider 
they  are  insufficiently  paid  for  it. 

The  coat  is  usually  stolen  from  the 
dummy  in  this  way  :  one  boy  is  posted  on 
the  opposite  side  of  the  street  to  see  if 
a  police-officer  is  in  sight,  or  a  policeman 
in  plain  clothes,  who  might  detect  the 
depredation.  Another  stands  two  or  three 
yards  from  the  shop.  The  third  comes  up 
to  the  dummy,  and  pretends  to  look  at  the 
quahty  of  the  coat  to  throw  off  the  sus- 
picion of  any  bystander  or  passer-by.  He 
then  unfastens  the  button,  and  if  the  shop- 
keeper or  any  of  his  assistants  come  out, 
he  walks  away.  If  he  finds  that  he  is  not 
seen  by  the  people  in  the  shop,  he  takes 
the  coat  off  the  dummy  and  runs  away 
with  it. 

If  seen,  he  will  not  return  at  that  tinie, 
but  watches  some  other  convenient  oppor- 
tunity. When  the  young  thief  is  chased 
by  the  shopkeeper,  his  two  associates  run 
and  jostle  him,  and  try  to  trip  him  up,  so 
as  to  give  their  companion  an  opportunity 
of  escaping.  This  is  generally  done  at 
dusk,  in  the  winter  time,  when  thieving  is 
most  prevalent  in  those  localities. 

In  stealing  a  piece  of  bacon  from  the 
shop-doors  or  windows,  they  wait  till  the 
shopman  turns  his  back,  when  they  take  a 
piece  of  bacon  or  cheese  in  the  same  way 
as  in  the  case  alluded  to.  This  is  commonly 
done  by  two  or  more  boys  in  company. 

Handkerchiefs  at  shop- doors  are  gene- 
rally stolen  by  one  of  the  boys  and  passed 
to  another  who  runs  off  with  it.  When 
hotly  chased,  they  drop  the  handkerchief 
and  run  away. 

These  young  thieves  are  the  ragged  boys 
formerly  noticed,  varying  from  9  to  14  years 
of  age,  without  shoes  or  stockings.  Their 
parents  are  of  the  lowest  order  of  Irish 
cockneys,  or  they  live  in  low  lodging-houses, 
where  they  get  a  bed  for  2d.  or  'Sd.  a  night. 


2  so 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


with  crowds  of  others  as  destitute  as  them- 
selves. 

There  are  numbers  of  young  women  of 
18  years  of  age  and  upwards,  Irish  cockneys, 
belonging  to  the  same  class,  who  steal  from 
these  shop-doors.  They  are  poorly  dressed, 
and  live  in  some  of  the  lowest  streets  in 
Surrey  and  Middlesex,  but  chiefly  in  the 
Borough  and  the  East  end.  Some  of  them 
are  dressed  in  a  clean  cotton  dress,  shabby 
bonnet  and  faded  shawl,  and  are  accom- 
panied by  one  or  more  men,  costermongers 
in  appearance.  They  steal  rolls  of  printed 
cotton  from  the  outside  of  linen  drapers' 
shops,  rolls  of  flannel,  and  of  coarse  calico, 
hearthrugs  and  rolls  of  oilskin  and  table- 
covers  ;  and  from  brokers'  shops  they 
carry  off  rolls  of  carpet,  fenders,  tire-irons, 
and  other  articles,  exposed  in  and  around 
the  shop-door.  The  thefts  of  these  women 
are  of  greater  value  than  those  committed 
by  the  boys.  They  belong  to  the  felon- 
class  and  are  generally  expert  thieves. 

The  mode  in  which  they  commit  these 
thefts  is  by  taking  advantage  of  the  absence 
of  the  person  in  charge  of  the  shop,  or 
when  his  back  is  turned.  It  is  done  very 
quickly  and  dexterously,  and  they  are  often 
successful  in  carrying  away  articles  such 
as  those  named  without  any  one  observing 
them. 

Another  class  of  Sneaks,  who  steal  from 
the  outsides  of  shops,  are  women  more  ad- 
vanced in  life  than  those  referred  to, — - 
some  middle-aged  and  others  elderly.  Some 
of  them  are  thieves,  or  the  companions  of 
thieves,  and  others  are  the  wives  of  honest, 
hard-working  mechanics  and  labouring 
men,  who  spend  their  money  in  gin  and 
beer  at  various  public-houses. 

These  persons  go  and  look  over  some 
pieces  of  bacon  or  meat  outside  of  but- 
chers' shops ;  they  ask  the  price  of  it,  some- 
times buy  a  small  piece  and  steal  a  large 
one,  but  more  frequently  buy  none.  They 
watch  the  opportunity  of  taking  a  large 
piece  which  they  slip  into  their  basket  and 
carry  to  some  small  chandler's  shop  in  a 
low  neigbourhood,  where  they  dispose  of 
it  at  about  a  fourth  of  its  value. 

Wc  have  met  some  thieves  of  this  order, 
basket  in  hand,  returning  from  Drury 
Lane,  who  were  pointed  out  to  us  by  a  de- 
tective officer. 

The  mechanics'  and  labourers'  wives  in 
many  cases  leave  their  homes  in  the  mor- 
ning for  the  purpose  of  purchasing  their 
husband's  dinner.  They  meet  with  other 
women  fond  of  drink  like  themselves. 
They  meet,  for  example,  outside  the  "Plumb 
Tree,"  or  such-like  public-house,  and  join 
their  money  together  to  buy  beer  or  gin. 


After  partaking  of  it,  they  leave  the  house, 
and  remain  for  sc^me  time  outside  convers- 
ing together.  'J'hey  again  join  their  money 
and  return  to  the  public-house,  and  have 
some  additional  liquor :  leave  the  house 
and  separate.  Some  of  them  join  with 
other  parties  fond  of  liquor  as  they  did 
with  the  former.  One  says  to  the  other : 
"  I  have  no  money,  otherwise  we  would 
have  a  droj)  of  gin.  I  have  just  met  Mrs. 
So-and-so,  and  spent  nearly  all  my  money." 
The  other  may  reply :  "  I  have  not  much 
to  get  the  old  man's  dinner,  but  we  can 
have  a  quartern  of  gin."  After  getting  the 
liquor,  they  separate.  The  tradesman's 
wife,  finding  that  she  has  spent  nearly  the 
whole  of  her  money,  goes  to  a  cheese- 
monger's or  butcher's  shop,  and  steals  a 
piece  of  meat,  or  bacon,  for  the  purpose  of 
placing  it  before  her  husband  for  dinner, 
perhaps  selling  the  remainder  of  the  booty 
at  shops  in  low  neighbourhoods,  or  to 
lodging-houses. 

Such  cases  frequently  occur,  and  are 
brought  before  the  police-courts. 

These  persons  sometimes  steal  flat-irons 
for  ironing  clothes  at  the  brokers'  shop- 
doors,  which  they  carry  to  other  pawn- 
brokers if  not  detected.  At  other  times 
they  take  them  to  the  leaving-shop  of  an 
unlicensed  pawnbroker.  On  depositing 
them,  they  get  a  small  sum  of  money. 
These  Icaving-shops  are  in  the  low^est  loca- 
lities, and  take  in  articles  pawnbrokers 
would  refuse.  They  are  open  on  Sundays, 
and  at  other  times  when  no  business  is 
done  in  pawnbrokers'  shops. 

These  shops  are  well  known  to  the 
])olice,  and  give  great  assistance  to  these 
Sneaks  in  disposing  of  their  stolen  pro- 
perty. 

A  considerable  number  of  depredations 
are  committed  at  the  doors  of  shoemakers' 
shops.  They  are  committed  by  women  of 
the  lower  orders,  of  all  ages,  some  of  them 
very  elderly.  They  come  up  to  the  door 
as  tho'  they  were  shopping,  attired  gene- 
rally in  an  old  bonnet  and  faded  shawl. 
The  shoes  are  hanging  inside  the  door, 
suspended  from  an  iron  rod  by  a  piece  of 
string,  and  are  sometimes  hanging  on  a 
bar  outside  the  shop. 

These  parties  are  much  of  the  same 
order  of  thieves  already  described,  possibly 
many  of  them  the  mothers  and  some  the 
grandmothers  of  the  ragged  boys  referred 
to.  The  greater  number  of  them  are  Irish 
cockneys.  They  come  up  to  the  shop-door 
generally  in  the  afternoon,  as  if  to  examine 
the  quality  of  the  shoes  or  boots,  but 
seldom  make  any  purchase.  They  observe 
how  the  articles  are  suspended  and   the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


231 


best  mode  of  abstracting  them.  They 
return  in  the  dusk  of  the  evening  and  steal 
them. 

The  shops  from  which  these  robberies 
are  committed  are  to  be  found  in  Lambeth- 
walk,  New-cut,  Lower  Marsh,  Lambeth, 
Tottenham  Court  -  road,  Westminster, 
Drury  -  lane,  the  neighbourhood  of  St. 
Giles's,  Petticoat-lane,  Spitalfields,  White- 
cross-street,  St.  Luke's,  and  other  localities. 

Small  articles  are  occasionally  taken  from 
shop  windows  in  the  winter  evenings,  by 
means  of  breaking  a  pane  of  glass  in  a  ver}^ 
ingenious  way.  These  thefts  are  committed 
at  the  shops  of  confectioners,  tobacconists, 
and  watchmakers,  &c.,  in  the  quiet  by- 
streets. 

Sometimes  they  are  done  by  the  younger 
ragged-boys,  but  in  most  cases  by  lads  of 
14  and  upwards,  belonging  to  the  fraternity 
of  London  thieves. 

Li  the  dark  winter  evenings  w^e  may 
sometimes  see  groups  of  these  ragged  boys, 
assembled  around  the  windows  of  a  small 
grocery-shop,  looking  greedily  at  the  al- 
mond-rock, lollipops,  sugar-candy,  barley- 
sugar,  brandy-balls,  pies,  and  tarts,  dis- 
played in  all  their  tempting  sweetness  and 
in  all  their  gaudy  tints.  They  insert  the 
point  of  a  knife  or  other  sharp  instrument 
into  the  corner  or  side  of  the  pane,  then 
give  it  a  wrench,  when  the  pane  cracks  in 
a  semicircular  stai-like  form  around  the 
part  punctured.  Should  a  piece  of  glass 
large  enough  to  admit  the  hand  not  be 
sufficiently  loosened,  they  apply  the  sharp 
instrument  at  another  place  in  the  pane, 
when  the  new  cracks  communicate  with 
the  rents  already  made  ;  on  applying  a 
sticking-plaster  to  the  pane,  the  piece 
readily  adheres  to  it,  and  is  abstracted. 
The  thief  inserts  his  hand  through  an 
opening  in  the  window,  seizes  a  handful  of 
sweets  or  other  goods,  and  runs  away,  per- 
haps followed  by  the  shopman  in  full  chase. 
These  thieves  are  termed  star-glazers. 

Such  petty  robberies  are  often  committed 
by  elder  lads  at  the  windows  of  tobac- 
conists, when  cigars  and  pipes  are  fre- 
quently stolen. 

They    cut    the     pane    in    the 
described,  and  sometimes   get  a 
boy  to  commit  the  theft,  while 
the   chief  share  of  the   plunder,  without 
having  exposed  themselves  to  the  danger 
of  being  arrested  stealing  the  property. 

The  number  of  felonies  of  goods,  &c.,  ex- 
posed to  sale  in  the  Metropohtan  districts 

for  1860 1(371 

Ditto         ditto  in  the  City        133 


manner 
younger 
they  get 


1804 


Value  of  goods  thereby  stolen  in  the 
Metropohtan  districts      ..  ..   £1487 

Ditto         ditto  in  the  City  35 

£1522 

Stealing  from  Children. — Children  are 
occasionally  sent  out  by  their  mothers,  with 
bundles  of  washing  to  convey  to  diffei-ent 
persons,  or  they  may  be  employed  to  bring 
clothes  from  the  mangle.  They  are  some- 
times met  by  a  man,  at  other  times  by  a 
woman,  who  entices  them  to  go  to  a  shop 
for  a  halfpenny  or  a  penny  worth  of  sweets, 
meanwhile  taking  care  they  leave  their 
parcels  or  bundle,  which  they  promise  to 
keep  for  them  till  they  return.  On  their 
coming  out  of  the  shop,  they  find  the  party 
has  decamped,  and  seldom  any  clue  can  be 
got  of  them,  as  they  may  belong  to  distant 
localities  of  the  mcitropolis. 

In  other  cases  they  go  up  to  the  children, 
when  they  are  proceeding  on  their  way, 
with  a  bundle  or  basket,  and  say  :  "  You 
are  going  to  take  these  things  home.  Do 
you  know  where  you  are  going  to  take 
them  ?"  The  child  being  taken  off  her 
guard  may  say.  She  is  carrying  them  to 
Mrs.  So-and-so,  of  such  a  street."  They 
will  then  say.  "You  are  a  good  girl,  and 
are  quite  right.  Mrs.  So-and-so  sent  me 
for  them,  as  she  is  in  a  hurry  and  is  going 
out."  The  child  probably  gives  her  the 
basket  or  bundle,  w^ien  the  thief  absconds. 
A  case  of  this  kind  occurred  in  the  district 
of  Marylebone  about  six  months  ago. 

A  girl  was  going  with  two  silk-dresses  to 
a  lady  in  Devonshire-street,  when  she  was 
met  by  a  young  woman,  who  said  she  was 
a  servant  of  the  lady,  and  was  sent  to  get 
the  dresses  done  or  undone,  and  was  very 
glad  she  had  met  her.  The  woman  v.^as  an 
entire  stranger  to  the  lady.  The  hirceny 
was  detected  on  the  Saturday  night,  and 
the  lady  was  put  to  great  inconvenience,  as 
she  had  not  a  dress  to  go  out  with  on  the 
Sunday.  Robberies  of  clothes  sent  out  to 
be  mangled,  and  of  articles  of  linen  are 
very  common.  Milliners  often  send  young 
girls  errands  who  are  not  old  enough  to  see 
through  the  tricks  of  these  parties  prowling 
about  the  metropolis. 

These  larcenies  are  generally  committed 
by  vagrants  decently  dressed,  and  too  lazy 
to  work,  who  go  sneaking  about  the  streets 
aiid  live  in  low  neighbourhoods,  such  as  St. 
Giles's,  Drury-lane,  Short's-gardens,  Queen- 
street,  and  the  Borough.  They  are  in  most 
cases  committed  in  the  evening,  though 
sometimes  during  the  day. 

Child  Stri2:>2n7ig.— This  is  generally  done 
by  females,  old  debauched  drunken  hags 
who    watch    their    opportunity   to    accost 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


children  passing  in  the  streets,  tidily 
dressed  with  good  boots  and  clothes.  "^I'hcy 
entice  them  away  to  a  low  or  quiet  neigh- 
bourhood for  the  purpose,  as  they  say,  of 
buying  them  sweets,  or  with  some  other 
pretext.  When  they  get  into  a  convenient 
place,  they  give  them  a  halfpenny  or  some 
sweets,  and  take  off  the  articles  of  dress, 
and  tell  them  to  remain  till  they  return, 
when  they  go  away  with  the  booty. 

This  is  done  most  frequently  in  mews  in 
the  West-end,  and  at  Clerkenwell,  West- 
minster, the  Borough,  and  other  similar 
localities.  These  heartless  debased  women 
sometimes  commit  these  felonies  in  the  dis- 
reputable neighbourhoods  where  they  live, 
but  more  frequently  in  distant  places,  where 
they  are  not  known  and  cannot  be  easily 
traced.  This  mode  of  felony  is  not  so  pre- 
valent in  the  metropolis  as  formerly.  In 
most  cases,  it  is  done  at  dusk  in  the  winter 
evenings,  from  7  to  10  o'clock. 

Number    of  larcenies  from   children   in 
the  Metropolitan  districts  for  1860  .     87 
Ditto        ditto  in  the  City     .     10 

97 

Value  of  property  thereby  stolen  in  the 
Metropolitan  districts  .         .  £65     0 

Ditto         ditto  in  the  City      5  10 

£70  10 

Stealing  from  Drunken  Persons. — There  is 
a  very  common  low  class  of  male  thieves, 
who  go  prowling  about  at  all  times  of  the 
day  and  night  for  this  purpose. 

They  loiter  about  the  streets  and  public- 
houses  to  steal  from  drunken  persons,  and 
are  called  "Bug-hunters"  and  "mutchers." 
You  see  many  of  them  lounging  about  gin- 
palaces  in  the  vicinity  of  the  Borough,  near 
St.  George's  church.  We  have  met  them 
there  in  the  course  of  our  rambles  over  the 
metropolis,  and  at  Whitechapel  and  St. 
Giles's.  They  also  frequent  the  Westminster- 
road,  the  vicinity  of  the  Victoria  Theatre, 
Shoreditch,  and  Somers  Town.  These  low 
wretches  are  of  all  ages,  and  many  of  them 
have  the  appearance  of  bricklayers',  stone- 
masons', and  engineers'  labourers.  They 
pretend  they  are  labourers  out  of  work, 
and  are  forward  in  intruding  tliemselves  on 
the  notice  of  persons  entering  those  houses, 
and  expect  to  be  treated  to  liquor,  though 
entire  strangers  to  them. 

They  are  not  unfrequently  so  rude  as  to 
take  the  pewter-pot  of  another  person  from 
the  bar,  and  pass  it  round  to  their  com- 
rades, till  they  have  emptied  the  contents. 


If  remonstrated  with,  they  return  insulting 
language,  and  try  to  involve  the  person  in 
a  broil. 

You  occasionally  find  them  loafing  about 
the  tap-rooms.  They  watch  for  drunken 
people,  whom  they  endeavour  to  persuade 
to  treat  them.  They  entice  him  to  go  down 
some  court  or  slum,  where  they  strip  him  of 
his  watch,  money,  or  other  valuables  he  may 
have  on  his  person.  Or  they  sometimes 
rob  him  in  the  public-house ;  but  this 
seldom  occurs,  as  they  are  aware  it  would 
lead  to  detection.  They  prefer  following 
him  out  of  the  public-house.  Many  of 
these  robberies  are  committed  in  the 
public  urinals  at  a  late  hour  at  night. 

These  men  have  often  abandoned  women 
who  cohabit  with  them,  and  assist  them  in 
these  low  depredations.  They  frequently 
dwell  in  low  courts  and  alleys  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  gin-palaces,  have  no  settled 
mode  of  life,  and  follow  no  industrious 
calling — living  as  loafers  and  low  ruffians. 

Some  of  them  have  wives,  who  go  out 
washing  and  charing  to  obtain  a  livelihood 
for  their  children  and  themselves,  as  well 
as  to  support  their  brutal  husbands,  laz- 
zaroni  of  the  metropolis. 

This  class  of  persons  are  in  the  habit  of 
stealing  lead  from  houses,  and  copper  boilers 
from  kitchens  and  wash-houses. 

There  is  another  class  of  thieves,  who 
steal  from  drunken  persons,  usually  in  the 
dusk  of  the  evening,  in  the  following  manner: 
Two  women,  respectably  dressed,  meet  a 
drunken  man  in  the  street,  stop  him  and 
ask  him  to  treat  them.  They  adjourn  to 
the  bar  of  a  public-house  for  the  purpose 
of  getting  some  gin  or  ale.  While  drink- 
ing at  the  bar,  one  of  the  women  tries  to 
rob  him  of  his  watch  or  money.  A  man 
who  is  called  a  "  stickman,"  an  accom- 
plice and  possibly  a  paramour  of  hers, 
comes  to  the  bar  a  short  time  after  them. 
He  has  a  glass  of  some  kind  of  liquor,  and 
stands  beside  them.  Some  motions  and 
signs  pass  between  the  two  females  and 
this  man.  If  they  have  by  this  time 
secured  the  booty,  it  is  passed  to  the  latter, 
who,  thereupon  slips  away,  with  the  stolen 
articles  in  his  possession. 

In  some  cases,  when  the  property  is  taken 
from  the  drunken  man,  one  of  the  women 
on  some  pretext  steps  to  the  door  and  jjasses 
it  to  the  "  stickman  "  standing  (?utside,  who 
then  makes  off  with  it.  In  other  cases 
these  robberies  are  perpetrated  in  the  out- 
side Ox  the  house,  in  some  by-street. 

Sometimes  the  man  quickly  discovers 
his  loss,  and  makes  an  outcry  against  the 
women;  when  the  "stickman"  comes  wp 
and  asks,  "  what  is  the  matter  ?"  the  man 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


283 


may  reply,  "  these  two  women  have  robbed 
me."  The  stickman  answers  "I'll  go  and 
fetch  a  policeman."  The  property  is  passed 
to  him  by  the  women,  and  he  decamps.  If  a 
criminal  information  is  brought  against  the 
females,  the  stolen  goods  are  not  found  in 
their  possession,  and  the  case  is  dropped. 

These  women  seldom  or  never  allow 
drunken  men  to  have  criminal  connection 
with  them,  but  get  their  living  by  this  base 
system  of  plunder.  They  change  their 
field  of  operation  over  the  metropolis,  fol- 
lowed by  the  sneaking  "stickman." 

Some  of  these  females  have  been  known 
in  early  life  to  sell  oranges  in  the  street. 

The  "stickman"  during  the  day  lounges 
about  the  parlours  in  quiet  public- houses 
where  thieves  resort,  and  the  women  during 
the  day  are  sometimes  engaged  in  needle- 
work,— some  of  the  latter  have  a  fair  edu- 
cation, which  they  may  have  learned  in 
prison,  and  others  are  very  illiterate. 

Though  respectable  in  dress  and  appear- 
ance, they  generally  belong  to  the  felon 
class  of  Irish  cockneys,  with  few  excep- 
tions. 

They  are  to  be  found  in  Lisson-grove, 
Leicester-square,  Portland-town,  and  other 
localities. 

Females  in  respectable  positions  in  so- 
ciety occasionally  take  too  much  intoxi- 
cating liquor,  and  are  waylaid  by  old 
women,  gin-drinkers,  who  frequent  public- 
houses  in  low  neighbourhoods.  They  intro- 
duce themselves  to  the  inebriated  woman 
as  a  friend,  to  see  her  to  some  place  of 
safety  until  she  has  recovered  from  the 
effects  of  her  dissipation, — she  may  have 
been  lying  on  the  pavement,  and  unable  to 
walk.  They  lift  her  up  by  the  hand,  and 
steal  the  gold  ring  from  her  finger. 

At  other  times  they  take  her  into  some 
by-court  or  street  in  low  neighbourhoods, 
where  doors  may  frequently  be  seen  stand- 
ing open  ;  they  rob  her  in  some  of  these 
dark  passages  of  her  money,  watch,  and 
jewellery,  and  sometimes  carry  off  her 
clothes. 

If  seen  by  persons  in  the  neighbourhood, 
it  is  winked  at,  and  no  information  given, 
as  they  generally  belong  to  the  same  un- 
principled class. 

There  is  another  low  class  of  women 
who  prowl  about  the  streets  at  midnight, 
watching  for  any  respectable-looking  person 
who  may  be  passing  the  worse  of  liquor. 
If  they  notice  a  drunken  man,  one  comes 
and  enters  into  conversation  with  him,  and 
while  thus  engaged,  another  woman  steps 
up,  touches  him  under  the  chin,  or  other- 
wise distracts  his  attention.  The  person 
who  first  accosted  him,  with  her  companion, 


then  endeavours  to  pick  his  pockets  and 
plunder  him  of  his  property  A  case  of 
this  kind  occurred  near  the  Marble  Arch 
in  August  1860. 

They  have  many  ingenious  ways  of  dis- 
tracting the  attention  of  their  victim,  some 
of  them  very  obscene  and  shameless. 

They  take  care  to  see  that  no  policeman 
is  in  sight,  and  generally  endeavour  to  find 
out  if  the  person  they  intend  to  victimize 
has  something  to  purloin. 

They  may  ask  him  for  change,  or  solicit 
a  few  coppers  to  get  beer,  or  inquire  what 
o'clock  it  is,  to  see  if  he  is  in  possession  of 
a  watch  or  money.  They  abstract  the 
money  from  the  pocket,  or  snatch  the 
watch  from  the  swivel,  which  they  are 
adroit  in  breaking. 

Such  persons  are  often  seen  at  midnight 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  Bloomsbury  and 
Oxford-street,  the  Strand,  Lower  Thames- 
street,  and  other  localities. 

The  most  of  those  engaged  in  this  kind 
of  robbery  in  Oxford-street  come  from  the 
neighbourhood  of  St.  Giles's  and  LissoM- 


srove. 


The   number  of  felonies  from   drunken 
persons  which  occurred  in  the  Metropolitan 
districts  for  1860  were   .         .         .     221 
Ditto      ditto       m  the  City     .       10 


2^1 


The  value  of  property  thereby  stolen  in 
the  Metropolitan  districts    .         .     £867 
Ditto     ditto     in  the  City    .  40 

'  £907 

Stealing  Linen,  &\  exposed  to  dry.  This  is] 
generally  done  by  vagrants  in  the  suburbs 
of  the  metropolis,  from  7  to  11  o'clock  in 
the  evening ;  when  left  out  all  night,  it  is 
often  done  at  midnight. 

Linen  and  other  clothes  are  frequently 
left  hanging  on  lines  or  spread  out  on  the 
grass  in  yards  at  the  back  of  the  house. 
Entrance  is  effected  through  the  street- 
doors  which  may  have  been  left  open,  or 
by  climbing  over  the  wall.  In  many  casts 
these  felonies  are  committed  by  middle- 
aged  women.  If  done  by  a  man,  he  is 
generally  assisted  by  a  female  who  carries 
off"  the  property ;  were  he  seen  carrying  a 
bundle  of  clothes,  he  would  be  stopped  by 
a  vigilant  officer,  and  be  called  to  give  an 
account  of  it,  which  would  possibly  lead  to 
his  detection. 

These  felonies  generally  consist  of  sheets, 
counterpanes,  shirts,  table-covers,  pinafores 
towels,  stockings,  and  such-like  articles. 

When  any  of  them  are  marked,  the  fe- 


284 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


male  makes  it  her  business  to  pick  out  the 
marks,  in  case  it  might  lead  to  their  detec- 
tion. Such  robberies  are  often  traced  by 
the  police  through  the  assistance  of  the 
pawnbrokers. 

They  are  very  common  where  there  are 
gardens  at  the  back  of  the  house,  such  as 
Kensall  Green,  Camden  Town,  Kensington, 
Battersea,  Clapham,  Peckham,  and  Victoria 
Park. 

Tiie  clothes  are  generally  disposed  of  at 
pawnbrokers  or  the  leaving-shops,  com- 
monly called  "  Dolly  Shops."  They  leave 
them  there  lor  a  small  sum  of  money,  and 
get  a  ticket.  If  they  return  for  them  in 
the  course  of  a  week,  they  are  charged  Zd.  a 
shilling  interest.  If  they  do  not  return  for 
them  in  seven  days,  they  are  disposed  of  to 
persons  of  low  character.  These  wretches 
at  the  leaving-shops  manage  to  get  them 
into  the  hands  of  parties  who  would  not  be 
likely  to  give  information — the  articles, 
from  their  superior  quality,  being  generally 
understood  to  be  stolen. 

These  felonies  are  also  committed  by  the 
female  Sneaks  who  call  at  gentlemen's 
houses,  selhng  small  wares,  or  on  some 
other  similar  errand.  When  they  find  the 
door  open  and  a  convenient  opportunity, 
they  often  abstract  the  linen  and  other 
clothes  from  the  lines,  and  dispose  of  th^m 
in  the  manner  referred  to. 

They  are  also  stolen  by  ragged  juvenile 
thieves,  who  get  into  the  yards  by  chmb- 
ing  over  the  wall.  This  is  occasionally 
done  in  the  Lambeth  district,  in  the  dusk 
of  the  evening,  or  early  in  the  morning, 
and  is  effected  in  this  way :— Some  time 
previously  they  commence  some  boyish 
game,  about  half  a  dozen  of  them  to- 
gether. They  then  pretend  to  quarrel, 
when  one  boy  will  take  the  others'  cap 
off  his  head  and  place  it  on  the  garden 
wall.  Another  boy  lifts  him  up  to  fetch 
it — the  object  being  to  reconnoitre  the 
adjacent  grounds,  and  see  if  there  are  any 
clothes  laid  out  to  dry,  as  well  as  to  find 
out  the  best  mode  of  stealing  them. 

When  they  discover  clothes  in  a  yard, 
they  come  back  at  dusk,  or  at  midnight, 
and  carry  them  oft'  the  lines. 

They  take  the  stolen  property  to  the 
receiver's,  after  having  divided  the  clothes 
among  the  party.  Some  will  go  off"  in  one 
direction,  and  others  in  another  to  get 
them  disposed  of,  which  is  done  to  pre- 
vent suspicion  on  the  part  of  the  police. 

The  receiving-houses  are  ojiened  to  them 
at  night,  as  these  low  jjeoi^le  are  very 
greedy  of  gain.  Sometimes  they  convey 
the  stolen  property  to  their  lodgings,  at 
other  times  they  lodge  it  in  concealment 


till  the  next  day.  These  clothes  are  oc- 
casionally of  trifling  value,  at  other  times 
worth  several  pounds,  which  on  being  sold 
bring  the  thief  a  very  poor  return — 
scarcely  the  price  of  his  breakfast— the 
lion's  share  of  the  spoil  being  given  to  the 
unprincipled  receiver. 

They  are  often  encouraged  to  commit 
these  thefts  by  wretches  in  the  low  lodgincr- 
houses,  who  are  aware  of  their  midnight 
excursions. 

Number  of  felonies  of  linen,  &c.,  exposed 
to  dry  in  the  Metropolitan  districts  for 
1860 236 

Ditto  ditto  for  the  City      ..      ..         0 

236 

Value  of  jDroperty  thereby  abstracted 
in  the  Metropolis £150 


Piohheries from  Carts  and  other  VeJddes. — 
There  are  many  depredations  committed 
over  the  metro2)olis  from  carts,  carriers' 
waggons,  cabs,  railway  vans,  and  other 
vehicles.  Many  of  those  people  have  the 
appearance  of  porters  at  a  warehouse,  and 
are  a  peculiar  order. 

At  one  time  they  may  have  been  porters 
at  warehouses,  or  connected  with  railways, 
or  carmen  to  large  commercial  firms. 
Some  have  corduroy  or  moleskin  jacket 
and  trowsers,  and  cloth  cap ;  others  have 
a  plain  frock-coat  and  cap. 

Many  of  the  robberies  from  carts  are 
done  by  the  connivance  of  the  carters. 
They  are  sent  by  business  establishments 
to  disi30se  of  goods  over  the  metropolis  ; 
some  of  them  are  connected  with  the  worst 
class  of  thieves.  They  connive  with  those 
men  in  stealing  their  employers'  property, 
and  in  rifling  other  Ciirts,  carry  the  booty 
away  in  their  own,  and  always  manage  to 
secure  a  part  of  the  prize. 

These  carters  take  thieves  occasionally 
to  railway  stations  to  assist  them  with 
their  work,  and  when  an  opportunity 
occurs,  carry  off  goods  from  the  railway 
platform,  such  as  bales  of  bacon,  cheese, 
bags  of  nails,  boxes  of  tin  and  copper,  and 
travellers'  luggage,  which  they  dispose  of 
to  marine-store  dealers  and  at  chandler^^' 
shops.  The  wearing  apparel  in  the  trunks 
they  sell  at  second-hand  shops,  kept  by 
Jews  and  others  in  low  neighbourhoods, 
such  as  Petticoat-lane,  Lambeth,  West- 
minster, and  the  Borough  of  Southwark, 

Many  carts  are  rifled  by  ].ersons  who 
represent  themselves  as  hawkers  or  coster- 
mongers — men  who  have  no  steady  in- 
dustrious mode  of  livelihood,  and  are 
usually  in  the  company  of  prostitutes  and 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


285 


thieves  of  the  worst  description.  The 
carter  may  have  occasion  to  call  at  a  city 
house,  and  to  leave  his  horse  and  cart  in 
the  street,  when  they  steal  a  whip,  coat, 
or  horsecloth,  the  reins  from  off  the  horse, 
or  any  portable  article  they  can  lay  their 
hands  on. 

Numbers  of  hay,  straw,  and  store  car- 
men frequently  steal  a  truss  of  hay,  or 
clover,  or  straw,  from  their  employer's 
cart,  and  dispose  of  it  to  some  person  who 
has  a  horse,  or  pony,  or  donkey,  for  a 
small  sum  of  money.  These  dishonest 
practices  are  carried  on  to  a  far  greater 
extent  than  the  public  are  aware  of,  as  it 
is  only  occasionally  they  are  brought  to 
public  notice. 

L'obberies  from  cabs  and  carriages  are 
sometimes  effected  in  the  following  way  : 
They  follow  the  cab  or  vehicle  with  a  horse 
and  cart,  driving  along  in  its  wake — two  or 
three  thieves  generally  in  the  cart.  One  of 
them  jumps  on  the  spring  of  the  con- 
veyance while  the  driver  is  sitting  in  front 
of  his  vehicle,  pulls  down  the  trunk  or  box, 
and  slips  it  into  the  cart,  then  drives  away 
with  the  booty. 

At  other  times  they  run  up,  and  leap 
on  the  spring  of  the  conveyance  while  the 
driver  is  proceeding  along  with  his  back 
toward  them  ;  lower  the  trunk  or  other 
article  from  the  roof,  and  walk  off 
with  it.  These  trunks  sometimes  con- 
tain money,  silver  plate,  and  other  valu- 
able property. 

These  depredations  are  always  done  at 
night,  by  experienced  thieves,  and  gene- 
rally in  the  winter  season.  They  are  com- 
mon in  the  fashionable  squares  of  the 
West-end,  at  the  East-end,  toward  the  Com- 
mercial-road and  St.  George's-in-the-East, 
at  Ratcliffe  Highway,  the  City,  the  Borough 
of  Southwark,  and  Lambeth,  along  the 
docks,  and  at  the  railway  stations  around 
the  metropolis. 

There  are  a  number  of  laundresses  re- 
siding at  Chelsea,  Uxbriilge,  Hampstead, 
Hollovvay,  and  other  districts  in  tlie  sub- 
urbs, who  wash  large  quantities  of  clothes 
for  the  gentry  and  nobility  in  the  fashion- 
able streets  and  squares  of  the  metropolis. 
After  washing  and  dressing  the  linen,  they 
pack  it  up  in  large  wicker  baskets,  and 
generally  convey  it  in  their  own  carts  to 
the  residences  of  the  owners. 

A  class  of  people  are  frequently  on  the 
look-out  for  these  carts  to  plunder  them  of 
their  linen.  The  carts  are  under  the  ma- 
nagement of  a  man  or  a  woman.  The 
thieves  follow  the  vehicle  to  a  quiet  street, 
one  puts  his  shoulder  under  a  basket  wliile 
the  other  cuts  the  cord  which  attaches  it 


to  the  cart,  when  l)oth  make  off  with  the 
stolen  property. 

These  thieves  reside  over  London  in 
low  districts,  such  as  St,  Giles's  and  Shore- 
ditch,  and  are  occasionally  brought  before 
the  police  courts. 

There  is  a  class  of  robberies  from  gentle- 
men's carriages  about  the  West-end  of  the 
metropolis.  In  going  to  the  Opera,  West- 
end  theatres,  or  other  fashionable  places  of 
amusement,  the  gentleman  frequently 
leaves  his  valuable  overcoat  or  cloak  in 
the  carriage.  These  thieves  follow  the 
conveyance  to  some  quiet  street  leading  to 
the  stables  where  the  vehicle  is  to  remain 
till  the  gentleman  returns  from  his  evening's 
amusement.  They  let  down  the  window 
of  the  cairiage  and  carry  off  any  article 
which  is  left.  The  theft  is  nimbly  com- 
mitted while  the  vehicle  is  on  its  way  to 
the  stables,  or  when  it  is  returning  to  the 
Opera,  and  is  done  chiefly  by  young  men, 
experienced  thieves.  They  live  in  the  low 
neighbourhoods  already  referred  to. 

There  is  a  good  deal  of  this  mode  of 
thieving  carried  on  in  the  West-end  of 
London  during  the  winter  season. 

Number  of  larcenies  from  carts  and  other 
vehicles  in  the  Metropolitan  district  for 
1860        286 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City  ..      ..         79 

365 

Value    of    property    thereby   stolen  iu 

the  Metropolis      £1075 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City  , .      . .         370 


£1445 

Stealing  Lead  from  House-tops,  Copper  from, 
Kitchens,  and  Workmen^ s  Tools,  &c.  in  Dwel- 
ling-houses.— Of  late  this  mode  of  thieving 
has  been  extensively  carried  on  over  the  me- 
tropolis, chiefly  at  unoccupied  houses.  In 
some  cases,  a  key  is  obtained  by  the  thief, 
respectable  in  appearance,  from  the  gentle- 
man who  lets  the  house,  without  his  ac- 
companying him  to  the  empty  dwelling, 
when  he  takes  the  opportunity  of  stealing 
the  copper  boiler  fiom  the  washing-house, 
and  the  lead  pipe  from  the  butt  or  cistern. 
He  passes  the  stolen  property  to  some  of 
his  associates,  and  returns  the  key  of  the 
dwelling. 

This  is  a  peculiar  class  who  make  a 
hvelihood  by  going  round  empty  houses 
in  different  districts  on  similar  errands. 
They  do  not  give  their  name  and  address, 
are  strangers  in  the  neighbourhood,  and 
cannot  be  easily  tracked  out  by  the  police. 

Lead  is  frequently  stolen  from  the  house- 


2ti(j 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tops,  by  the  loafing  ruffians,  we  have  before 
described,  who  lounge  about  public-liouses, 
robbing  drunken  men,  and  occasionally  by 
boys.  Sometimes  these  robberies  are  com- 
mitted by  plumbers'  workmen  and  others 
engaged  in  repairing  the  houses. 

Lead  in  most  cases  is  stolen  from  those 
dwellings  which  are  under  repair,  or  have 
been  unoccupied  for  some  time.  When  a 
house  is  repaired,  it  frequently  happens  the 
roofs  of  the  adjoining  occupied  houses  are 
stripped  and  carried  ofi'  by  unprincipled 
workmen. 

These  depredations  are  often  committed 
by  the  workmen  themselves,  or  by  their 
connivance.  At  other  times  they  are 
done  by  persons  climbing  low  walls,  and 
clambering  up  spouts  to  the  roof,  and 
cutting  up  the  sheet  lead.  This  is  usually 
done  under  night  by  two  or  more  in  com- 
pany ;  sometimes,  though  rarely,  by  boys. 
One  keeps  a  look-out  to  see  there  is  no 
person  near  to  detect  them.  This  person 
is  termed  a  "  crow."  If  any  one  should  be 
near,  the  "  crow  "  gives  a  signal,  and  they 
decamp.  Before  commencing  their  depre- 
dations, they  generally  look  out  for  the 
means  of  escape,  seldom  returning  the  same 
way  they  mounted  the  roof.  They  make 
their  way  out  in  another  direction.  If  hard 
pressed,  they  sometimes  hide  themselves 
on  the  roof  behind  chimneys,  or  lie  down 
in  gutters  or  cisterns  or  any  other  likely 
place  of  concealment.  These  felonies  are 
often  done  by  bricklayers'  labourers  (Irish 
cockneys)  during  the  winter,  and  in  many 
cases,  as  we  have  said,  with  the  connivance 
of  the  workmen  engaged  in  repairing  the 
houses. 

There  is  another  class  of  persons  who  en- 
gage in  lead-stealing  from  the  roofs  of  houses. 
They  were  formerly  in  the  service  of 
builders,  plumbers,  or  carpenters,  but  are 
out  of  employment.  They  go  to  their  late 
employer's  castomers,  under  the  pretext 
that  tiiey  were  sent  by  him  to  repair  the 
roof,  and  meanwhile  plunder  the  sheet  lead, 
which  they  generally  roll  up,  convey  down, 
and  carry  oflt"  by  means  of  their  accomplices, 
who  ar(3  hovering  in  the  neighbourhood. 
They  have  the  appearance  and  dress  of  in- 
dustrious workmen,  and  may  have  been 
lately  seen  employed  in  houses  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood, so  that  they  are  more  likely  to 
deceive  the  unsuspecting  people  who  admit 
them  into  their  dwellings.  This  kind  of  lead- 
stealing  has  been  lately  of  very  frequent 
occurrence  in  the  metropolis. 

Copper  is  frequently  stolen  from  the 
boilers  in  the  kitchens  and  wash-houses  b}^ 
the  same  parties.  Sometimes  they  enter 
by  the  area  door  or  the  window,  which  is 


left  open.  At  other  times  they  climb  the 
garden  wall  at  the  back  of  the  house,  and 
enter  by  a  window,  left  unfastened.  They 
take  the  copper  out  of  the  brickwork  in  the 
wash-house,  or  from  the  kitchen,  roU  it  up 
and  carry  it  away.  This  is  generally  done 
in  unoccupied  houses.  Sweeps  employed 
cleaning  the  chimneys  sometimes  take 
away  cojoper  in  like  manner  in  their  soot- 
bags. 

In  houses  under  repair,  as  well  as  in  un- 
finished houses,  they  steal  carpenters'  tools, 
planes,  saws,  ploughs,  squares,  h-^mmers, 
&c.,  left  by  the  workmen. 

They  obtain  access  to  the  house  by 
climbing  over  the  wooden  enclosure  or  over 
garden  walls.  This  is  generiilly  done  in 
the  evening,  betw^een  the  hours  of  9  and 
12,  and  frequently  by  discharged  workmen. 

In  many  cases  they  are  stopped  on  the 
way  with  the  tools  in  their  possession.  If 
a  proper  account  is  not  given,  it  often  leads 
to  the  detection  of  the  robbery,  which 
generally  puts  a  stop  for  the  time  to  such 
depredations  in  that  neighbourliood. 

The  stolen  tools  are  taken  to  pawnbrokers 
or  receiving-shops,  and  sold  at  an  under 
price.  In  some  cases  the  pawnbroker 
gives  notice  to  the  police,  but  in  these  other 
shops,  this  is  seldom  or  never  done. 

The  thieves  generally  go  to  some  house 
where  no  watchman  is  employed. 

The  number  of  larcenies  of  tools,  lead, 
glass,  &c.  from  empty  or  unfinished  houes 
in  the  Metropolitan  districts  for  I860,  472 
Ditto,  ditto,  from  the  City . .        22 

494 

Value  of  the  property  thereby  abstracted 
in  the  Metropolis    . .  . .  £462     0 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City    . .         7  10 

£469  10 

Bohberies  hij  False  Keys. — There  are  many 
robberies  committed  in  the  metropolis  by 
means  of  false  keys,  generally  between  the 
hours  of  seven  and  nine  o'clock  in  the  even- 
ing. After  nine  o'clock  they  would  be  con- 
sidered burglaries,  'J'his  class  of  robberies 
is  generally  committed  by  thieves  of  expe- 
rience, and  frequently,  before  depredations 
are  committed,  persons  call  at  the  house  in 
the  daytime,  who  take  particular  notice  of 
the  lock  of  the  street-door,  to  know  the 
key  which  opens  it,  whether  a  Bramah, 
Chubb,  or  other  lock.  These  i)ersons  are 
termed  "  putters  up  of  robberies,"  and  sup- 
l^ly  the  thieves  with  the  requisite  informa- 
tion, when  they  come  in  tlie  evening  and 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


287. 


enter  the  bouse.     In  many  cases  they  get 
ck^ar  oft"  with  the  booty. 

The  houses  entered  are  frequently  re- 
spectable lodging-houses,  or  houses  occu- 
pied by  one  family  where  there  is  likely  to 
be  no  children  about  the  upper  rooms.  In 
the  case  of  entenng  these  dwellings  they 
make  their  way  to  the  bed-rooms  above, 
their  chief  object  being  to  steal  the 
jewellery  and  dressing-case  left  on  the 
dressing-table,  often  of  great  value.  They 
also  take  clothes  out  of  the  drawers,  and 
other  articles.  On  ccming  out  they  often 
put  on  some  of  the  apparel,  such  as  an 
Dvercoat,  and  fill  the  pockets  with  stolen 
property. 

In  houses  in  the  West-end,  single  gen- 
tlemen, such  as  government  clerks,  officers 
in  the  army,  and  others,  are  often  out 
dining  in  the  evening,  or  at  the  clubs  ;  and 
as  the  servant  is  generally  engaged  down- 
stairs at  this  time,  the  thief  is  frequently 
not  obstructed. 

To  elude  suspicion  from  the  police  con- 
stables in  the  street  they  often  have  a 
carpet-bag  to  carry  oft'  the  booty.  If  they 
meet  one  of  them  near  the  house,  they  ge- 
nerally ask  him  some  question,  such  as  the 
way  to  some  street,  to  take  him  oft'his  guard, 

A  case  of  this  kind  occurred  early  this 
year  at  the  AA'est-end,  where  four  men 
were  engaged  in  a  robbery.  On  their 
arriving  at  the  corner  of  the  street  where 
the  felony  was  committed  they  found  two 
policemen  there.  They  stepped  up  to 
them,  and  conversed  for  some  time,  when 
the  constables  left,  having  no  suspicion, 
from  their  respectable  appearance.  Two 
of  the  thieves  crossed  the  street  to  a  house 
opposite.  Meanwhile  their  movements  were 
narrowly  watched  by  a  keen-eyed  detective, 
who  knew  the  parties,  three  of  the  four  being 
returned  convicts.  Having  arrived  at  the 
door  of  the  liouse,  they  endeavoured  to  gain 
an  entrance,  which,  after  trying  several 
keys,  they  eftected.  The  other  two  con- 
federates had  taken  up  a  position  opposite 
the  house,  being  what  is  termed  "  look- 
out," or  outside  men. 

In  a  short  time  the  two  who  had  entered 
the  house  came  out  and  closed  the  door 
behind  them.  They  were  perceived  to 
have  some  bulky  articles  in  their  pos- 
session. The  other  two  men  remained  for 
a  few  minutes  in  their  place  on  the  oppo- 
site side  of  the  street,  when  they  followed 
their  companions.  When  at  a  short  dis- 
tance from  the  house,  they  rejoined  them, 
and  the  property  was  divided  among  them. 
This  was  done  in  the  dusk  in  the  quiet 
street. 

The  detective   officer    saw  two   of   the 


parties  with  Inverness  capes,  and  carrying 
umbrellas  in  their  hand  they  did  not  have 
before  they  entered  the  house.  He  went 
up  to  them,  told  them  who  he  was,  and 
arrested  one  of  them  ;  the  other  was  cap- 
tured a  few  yards  oft'  by  another  ofiicer 
when  in  the  act  of  throwing  oft'  the  Inver- 
ness cape.  The  other  two,  meanwhile,  es- 
caped. On  conducting  the  two  men  to  the 
police-station  the  tw^o  capes  were  taken 
from  them,  and  in  their  pockets  weie 
found  a  number  of  skeleton  keys,  a  wax- 
taper,  and  silent  lights,  along  with  various 
small  articles,  evidently  part  of  the  robbery 
which  had  just  been  committed. 

Two  hours  after  this  a  gentleman  drove 
up  in  a  cab  to  the  police-station,  and  gave 
information  of  the  robbery,  when  he  iden- 
tified the  articles  taken  from  the  prisoners 
as  his  property.  The  two  thieves  were 
tried  at  the  sessions,  and  sentenced  to  six 
years'  penal  servitude.  One  of  the  two 
confederates  who  escaped  was  apprehended 
by  the  same  detective,  found  guilty,  and 
sentenced  to  the  same  punishment,  which 
broke  up  a  gang  of  thieves  who  had  infested 
the  neighbourhood  for  several  months,  and 
occasioned  great  alarm. 

Robberies  from  gentlemen's  houses  by 
means  of  false  keys  are  generally  put  up  by 
some  person  acquainted  with  the  house, 
and  who  may  have  frequented  it  under 
some  pretext,  such  as  by  courting  the 
servant  girl,  or  by  being  acquainted  with 
some  of  the  men-servants.  They  rifle  the 
valuables  from  wardrobes  and  drawing- 
rooms,  such  as  watches,  rings,  purses, 
clothes,  &c, 

Attic  thieves  chiefly  aim  at  abstracting 
jewels  from  ladies'  bed-rooms,  generally  on 
the  second  floor  ;  but  this  class  of  skeleton- 
key  thieves  frequently  carry  away  bundles 
of  stolen  goods,  and  are  nob  so  fastidious 
in  their  choice. 

An  instance  of  a  skeleton-key  robbery 
from  a  gentleman's  house  occurred  lately 
at  the  West-end  of  the  metropolis,  1'he 
two  thieves  had  engaged  a  cab  to  carry  oft' 
the  stolen  property  (the  driver  of  the  cab 
being  a  confederate),  and  drove  up  to  the 
house  next  door  to  where  the  robbery  was 
to  be  committed.  They  were  seen  to  leave 
the  cab,  to  go  up  to  the  door  of  the  house, 
to  apply  the  key  to  the  door,  and  to  walk 
in.  About  ten  minutes  after,  they  left  the 
house,  and  walked  to  the  cab  with  large 
parcels  in  their  hands,  when  it  drove  swiftly 
away. 

On  that  evening  the  butler  of  the  house 
discovered  that  the  whole  of  his  masters 
clothes  had  been  stolen  frona  his  wardrobe, 
and  his  dressing-case,  with  costly  articles, 


288 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOU. 


his  gold  watcli  and  chain,  and  the  whole  of 
his  linen.  Information  was  given  to  a  de- 
tective officer,  who  in  two  days  after  traced 
the  robbery  to  two  well-known  thieves,  one 
of  them  being  singularly  expert  in  the  use 
of  skeleton  keys. 

The  manner  in  which  it  was  detected 
was  very  ingenious,  and  reflected  high 
credit  on  the  officer. 

On  visiting  a  public-house  near  Totten- 
r^am  Court -road,  one  Saturday  night,  he 
saw  a  mitldle-aged,  mtelligent  man,  like  a 
respectable  mechanic,  conversing  with  a  per- 
son at  the  bar  over  a  pint  of  half-and-half. 
The  sharp  eye  of  the  detective  observed  the 
former  with  a  neckerchief  which  corre- 
sponded with  one  of  the  articles  of  this  stolen 
property.  The  suspicion  of  the  officer  was 
aroused,  and  he  followed  him  late  at  night, 
and  saw  where  he  resided.  On  the  next 
moriiing  he  went  with  two  officers  to  his 
house,  and  found  him  in  bed  with  his  para- 
mour, and  arrested  him  for  the  robbery.  On 
searching  his  house  a  handkerchief  was 
found  marked  with  the  crest  of  the  noble- 
man to  whom  the  property  belonged.  On 
a  farther  search  a  quantity  of  other  articles 
were  found  belonging  to  this  robbery. 

On  his  paramour  getting  out  of  bed  she 
Avas  perceived  by  the  detective  to  conceal 
something  under  her  petticoats.  On  being 
asked  to  produce  it,  she  denied  having  any- 
thing. On  being  searched,  another  hand- 
kerchief was  found  on  her  person,  bearing 
the  nobleman's  crest.  This  man  was  after- 
wards identified  as  one  of  the  two  persons 
who  were  seen  to  enter  the  house  where 
the  robbery  was  committed,  and  to  leave 
with  the  cab.  He  was  tried  at  the  Sessions, 
and  sentenced  to  seven  years'  penal  servi- 
tude. This  man  had  for  some  time  been 
well  known  to  the  police,  and  was  suspected 
of  committing  a  series  of  large  robberies, 
but  he  was  so  dexterous  in  executing  his 
felonies  that  his  movements  had  not  previ- 
ously been  traced. 

Number  of  felonies  in  the  Metropolitan 
districts    for    18(30    by     means    of    false 
keys  ..  ..  ..  ..         247 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City      .,  17 

264 

Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
Mctropohtan  districts     ..  ..    £1,840 

Ditto,  diito,  in  the  City      ..         160 

£2,000 

Robberies  by  Lodgers. — Robberies  are  fre- 
quently committed   by  lodgers  in  various 


parts  of  the  metropolis,  in  low  as  woll  as 
in  middle-class  localities. 

A  great  many  of  these  are  committed  in 
low  neighbourhoods,  by  abandoned  women, 
frequently  young.  They  commit  depreda- 
tions in  their  own  room,  or  in  other  rooms 
in  the  house  in  which  they  lodge,  by  enter- 
ing open  doors,  or  by  turning  the  key  when 
the  door  is  locked,  while  the  parties  are 
out.  Many  of  these  are  done  by  prosti- 
tutes of  the  lowest  order,  who  sometimes 
steal  the  linen,  bedding,  wearing- apparel, 
and  other  property,  and  pawn  or  sell  it. 

Robberies  of  this  kind  are  sometimes 
perpetrated  by  mechanics'  wives,  addicted 
to  dissipated  habits,  who  steal  similar  ar- 
ticles from  dwelling-houses.  Sometimes 
they  are  done  by  servants  out  of  place, 
driven  to  steal  by  poverty  and  destitution ; 
at  other  times  by  sewing  girls,  often  toiling 
from  4  in  the  morning  to  10  o'clock  at 
nili.ht  for  about  87.  a  day — many  of  whom 
commit  suicide  rather  than  resort  to  pros- 
titution ;  and  occasionally  by  clerks  and 
shopmen — fast  young  men,  when  in  poverty 
and  distress ;  and  by  betting-men  and 
skittle-sharps. 

In  March,  1861,  two  known  prostitutes, 
lodging  together  in  a  house  in  Charlotte- 
street,  were  brought  before  the  Lambeth 
police  court  for  a  felony  committed  in  the 
room  in  which  they  lodged.  They  ab- 
stracted knives  and  forks,  plates  and  s2)oon3, 
along  with  two  chairs,  rifling  the  apart- 
ment of  nearly  all  it  contained.  They  were 
convicted  and  sentenced,  the  one  to  three 
months',  and  the  other  to  six  months',  im- 
prisonment— the  latter  having  been  i)re- 
viously  convicted. 

Another  felony  occurred  lately  in  Isa- 
bella-street, Lambeth,  where  a  mechanic's 
wife  stole  the  bed-clothes  and  the  feathers 
out  of  a  bed  in  the  house  in  which  she 
lodged.  Her  husband  was  glad  to  pay  the 
amount  to  prevent  criminal  prosecution. 

There  are  many  felonies  committed  by 
persons  lodging  in  coftee-houses  and  hotels, 
some  of  them  of  considerable  value.  The 
hotel  thieves  assume  the  manner  and  air 
of  gentlemen,  dress  well,  and  live  in  high 
style.  They  lodge  for  an  evening  or  two 
in  some  fashionable  hotel,  frequently  near 
the  railway  stations.  They  get  up  at  night, 
when  the  house  is  quiet  and  business  sus- 
pended, and  commit  robberies  in  the 
house.  They  have  an  ingenious  mode  of 
opening  the  doors,  though  locked  in  the 
inner  side,  by  inserting  a  peculiar  instru- 
ment and  turning  round  the  key.  They 
go  stealthily  into  the  rooms,  and  abstract 
silver  plate,  articles  of  jewellery,  watches, 
money,  and  other  valuables. 


LONDON  LABOUJi  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB, 


28'J 


These  persons  usually  leave  early  in  the 
morning,  before  the  other  gentlemen  get 
up.  Some  of  them  are  young,  and  others 
are  middle-aged.  They  have  genemlly  some 
acquaintance  with  commercial  transactions, 
and  conduct  themselves  like  active  busi- 
ness men.  They  are  birds  of  passage,  and 
do  not  reside  long  in  any  one  locality,  as 
they  would  become  known  to  the  police. 

A  very  extensive  robbery  of  this  kind 
occurred  some  time  ago  at  a  fashionable 
hotel  in  the  metropolis,  near  the  Great 
Northern  Railway,  to  the  amount  of  7001. 
or  800/.  The  thief  was  apprehended  at 
York,  and  committed  for  trial. 

Number  of  felonies  in  the  Metropolitan 
districts  for  1860,  committed  by  lodg- 
ers             1,375 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City      ..      ..  83 

1458 

Value  of  property  thereby   abstracted   in 

the  Metropolitan  districts     ..     £3,643 
Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City     . .      . .  144 


£3,787 


Eohheries  hy  Servants. — There  are  a  great 
number  of  felonies  committed  by  servants 
over  the  metroj^olis,  many  of  which  might 
be  prevented  by  prudent  precautions  on 
the  part  of  their  employers.  On  this  subject 
Ave  would  wish  to  speak  with  discrimination. 
We  are  aware  that  many  honest  and  noble- 
minded  servants  are  treated  with  injustice 
by  the  caprice  and  bad  temper  of  their  em- 
ployers, and  many  a  poor  girl  is  without 
cause  dismissed  from  her  situation,  and  re- 
fused a  proper  certificate  of  character.  Be- 
ing unable  to  get  another  place,  she  is  often 
driven  with  reluctance  from  poverty  and 
destitution  to  open  prostitution  on  the 
street.  On  the  other  hand,  many  of  our 
employers  foolishly  and  thoughtlessly  re- 
ceive male  and  female  servants  into  their 
service  without  making  a  proper  inquiry 
into  their  previous  character. 

Many  felonies  are  committed  by  domes- 
tic female  servants  who  have  been  only  a 
month  or  six  weeks  in  service.  Some  of 
them  steal  tea,  sugar,  and  other  provisions, 
which  are  frequently  given  to  acquaint- 
ances or  relatives  out  of  doors.  Others 
occasionally  abstract  linen  and  articles  of 
wearing-apparel,  or  plunder  the  wardrobe  of 
gold  bracelets,  rings,  pearl  necklace,  watch, 
chain,  or  other  jewellery,  or  of  muslin  and 
silk  dresses  and  mantles,  which  they  either 
keep  in  their  trunk,  or  otherwise  dis- 
pose of. 


Female  domestic  servants  are  often  con- 
nected with  many  of  the  felonies  commit- 
ted in  the  metropolis.  Two  of  the  female 
servants  in  a  gentleman's  family  are  some- 
times courted  by  two  smart  dressed  young 
men,  bedecked  with  jewellery,  who  visit 
them  at  the  house  occasionally.  One  of 
them  may  call  by  himself  on  a  certain 
evening,  and  after  sitting  with  them  for 
some  time  in  the  kitchen,  may  pretend  that 
he  is  going  upstairs  to  the  front  door  on 
some  errand,  such  as  to  bring  in  some 
liquor.  He  goes  alone,  and  opens  the  door 
to  his  companion  whom  he  had  arranged 
to  meet  him,  and  who  may  be  hovering  in 
the  street.  He  admits  him  into  the  house 
to  rifle  the  rooms  in  the  floors  above. 
Meantime  he  comes  in  with  the  liquor,  and 
proceeds  down  stairs,  and  remains  there 
for  some  time  to  occupy  the  attention  of 
the  servants  until  his  companion  has  plun- 
dered the  house  of  money,  jewels,  or 
other  property. 

On  other  occasions  two  young  men  may 
remain  downstairs  with  the  servants,  while 
a  third  party  is  committing  a  robbery  in 
the  apartments  above. 

Some  respectable-looking  young  women, 
in  the  service  of  middle-class  and  fashion- 
able families,  are  connected  with  burglars, 
and  have  been  recommended  to  their  places 
through  their  influence,  or  that  of  their  ac- 
quaintances. Some  of  these  females  are 
usually  not  a  fortnight  or  a  month  in  service 
before  a  heavy  burglary  is  committed  in 
the  house,  and  will  remain  for  two  or  three 
months  longer  to  prevent  suspicion.  They 
will  then  take  another  similar  place  in  a 
gentleman's  family,  remain  several  months 
there,  and  by  their  conduct  ingratiate  . 
themselves  into  the  good  graces  of  the 
master  and  mistress,  when  another  burg- 
lary is  committed  through  their  conniv- 
ance. The  booty  is  shared  between  them 
and  the  thieves. 

Some  continue  this  system  for  a  con- 
siderable time,  as  their  employers  have  no 
suspicion  of  their  villainy.  They  are  often 
Irish  cockneys,  connected  with  the  thieves, 
and  have  been  trained  with  them  from 
their  infancy.  They  generally  aim  at  steal- 
ing the  silver  plate,  clothes,  and  other 
valuables.  In  these  robberies  they  are 
always  ready  to  give  the  "hue  and  cry" 
when  a  depredation  has  been  committed. 

There  are  often  instances  of  these  rob- 
beries brought  before  the  police-courts  and 
sessions,  where  the  dishonesty  of  many 
servants  is  brought  to  light. 

There  are  many  felonies  committed  by 
the  male  servants  in  gentlemen's  families  ; 
some  of  them  of  considerable  value.    Num 


U 


2[l0 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDUN  POOH. 


bers  of  these  are  occasioned  by  betting  on 
the  part  of  the  butlers,  who  have  the  charge 
of  the  plate.  They  go  and  bet  on  different 
horses,  and  pawn  a  certain  quantity  of 
plate  which  has  not  the  crest  of  their  em- 
ployer on  it,  and  expect  to  be  able  to  re- 
deem it  as  soon  as  they  have  got  money 
when  the  horse  has  won.  He  may  happen 
to  lose.  He  bets  again  on  some  other 
horse  he  thinks  will  win — perhaps  bets  to 
a  considerable  amount,  and  thinks  he  will 
be  able  to  redeem  his  loss  ;  he  again  pos- 
sibly loses  his  bet.  His  master  is  perhaps 
out  of  town,  not  having  occasion  to  use 
the  plate. 

On  his  coming  home  there  may  be  a 
dinner-party,  when  the  plate  is  called  for. 
The  butler  absconds,  and  part  of  the  plate 
is  found  to  be  missing.  Information  is 
given  to  the  police  ;  some  pawnbroker  may 
be  so  honourable  as  to  admit  the  plate  is 
in  his  possession.  The  servant  is  appre- 
hended, convicted,  and  sentenced  possibly 
to  penal  servitude.  Cases  of  this  kind 
occasionally  occur,  and  are  frequently 
caused  by  such  betting  transactions. 

Robberies  occasionally  are  perpetrated 
by  servants  in  shops  and  warehouses, 
clerks,  warehousemen,  and  others,  of  money 
and  goods  of  various  kinds. 

A  remarkable  case  of  robbery  by  a  ser- 
vant occurred  lately.  A  young  man,  em- 
ployed by  a  locksmith,  near  the  West-end 
of  the  metropolis,  was  frequently  sent  to 
gentlemen's  houses  on  his  master's  business 
to  pick  locks.  In  many  of  the  houses 
where  he  was  employed,  money  and  other 
property  was  found  missing.  He  went 
to  pick  a  lock  at  a  jeweller's  shop.  After  he 
was  gone,  the  jeweller  found  a  beautiful 
gold  chain  missing.  As  his  son  was  a  fast 
young  man,  he  was  afraid  to  charge  the 
young  locksmith  with  the  robbery.  Mean- 
time the  latter  was  sent  to  other  houses, 
and  in  those  places  articles  were  found 
missing,  and  servants  in  the  families  were 
discharged  on  suspicion  of  committing  the 
robberies. 

He  went  to  a  solicitor's  office  to  pick  the 
locks  ot  some  boxes  containing  title-deeds 
and  money.  From  one  of  the  boxes,  which 
he  did  not  require  to  open,  he  stole  100/., 
and  locked  it  up  again.  The  head  clerk  was 
then  away  on  business  for  several  days. 
On  his  return  he  found  that  one  of  the 
boxes  in  the  olhce  had  been  opened  and 
100/.  had  been  abstracted. 

Information  was  given  to  Bow-street 
police  office  by  the  solicitor,  who  offered 
5/.  as  a  reward  to  any  one  who  would  give 
information  regarding  the  robbery.  Mean- 
time he  stated  he  would  give  no  one  into 


custody.  His  clerks  had  been  with  him  a 
long  time.  He  had  one  man  employed  in 
the  office  to  pick  some  locks,  but  as  he 
belonged  to  a  respectable  firm,  he  did  not 
believe  it  to  be  him.  Meantime  the  soli- 
citor discharged  his  general  clerks.  His 
confidential  clerk  was  so  indignant  at  this, 
that  he  gave  in  his  resignation. 

One  of  the  most  accomplished  detective 
officers  of  the  Bow-street  police  resolved 
to  ferret  out  the  matter.  It  was  arranged 
the  journeyman  locksmith  was  to  be  sent 
to  a  certain  house  to  pick  a  lock  in  an 
apartment  where  some  money  was  placed 
which  had  been  marked.  The  detective 
watched  his  movements  from  the  next 
room.  On  this  occasion  also,  he  not  only 
picked  the  lock  as  requested,  but  picked 
other  locks  in  the  room,  and  carried  off 
part  of  the  money  which  was  marked. 

When  he  went  downstairs,  he  was  de- 
tained till  it  was  ascertained  if  the  money 
had  been  tampered  with.  On  inspecting 
it,  part  was  missing.  He  was  taken  into 
custody,  and  the  money  got  on  his  person. 
On  searching  his  house  a  w^aggon  load  of 
stolen  property  was  found,  belonging  to  a 
series  of  robberies  he  had  committed  in  the 
houses  he  visited,  amounting  in  value  to 
200/.  All  the  charges  against  him  were 
not  investigated.  He  was  tried  for  nine 
acts  of  robbery  at  Clerkenwell,  convicted, 
and  sentenced  to  six  years'  penal  servitude. 
He  was  one  of  the  finest  locksmiths  in  the 
world,  and  received  from  his  employer 
higher  wages  than  the  other  workmen  in 
the  establishment. 

Number  of  cases  of  felony  by  servants 
in  the  Metropolitan  dists.  for  i860,  1,790 
Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City  ..      ..        199 

1,989 

Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
the  Metropolitan  districts       ..     £13,015 
Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City      ..      '      612 


£13,627 


Area  and  Loblnj  S7iea'ks. — This  is  a  large, 
aud  variegated  class  of  thieves,  ranging  from 
the  little  ragged  boy  of  six  years  of  age,  to 
the  old  woman  of  threescore  and  ten. 
Some  are  hanging  in  rags  and  tatters  in 
pitiable  condition  ;  others  have  a  respect- 
able appearance  likely  to  disarm  suspicion. 
Some  are  ignorant  and  obtuse  ;  others  are 
intelligent,  and  have  got  a  tolerable  educa- 
tion. Some  are  skulking  and  timid  ;  others 
are  so  venturesome  as  to  enter  dwelling- 
houses  through  open  windows,  and  conceal 
themselves  in  closets,  waiting  a  favourable 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


(291 


opportunity  to  skulk  off,  unobserved,  with 
plunder. 

Numbers  of  little  ragged  boys  sneak  around 
the  areas  of  dwellings,  where  respectable 
tradesmen  reside,  as  well  as  in  the  fashion- 
able streets  of  the  metropolis.  We  may  see 
them  loitering  about  half-naked,  or  flutter- 
ing in  shreds  and  patches,  sometimes  alone, 
at  other  times  in  small  bands,  looking 
with  skulking  eye  into  the  areas,  as  they 
move  along.  They  are  not  permitted  to 
beg  at  the  houses,  and  some  of  them  have 
no  ostensible  errand  to  visit  those  locahties, 
and  are  hunted  away  by  the  police.  During 
the  day  they  generally  sneak  in  the  tho- 
rough fares  and  quiet  by -streets  of  London. 

A  few  days  ago  we  saw  one  of  them 
skulking  along  Blackfriars-road.  He  was 
about  13  years  of  age,  and  had  on  an  old 
ragged  coat,  much  too  large  for  him,  hang- 
ing over  his  back  in  tatters,  with  a  string 
to  fasten  it  round  his  waist,  and  a  pair  of 
old  trowsers  and  gray  cap.  He  had  the  air 
of  an  old  man,  as  he  lazily  walked  along, 
and  looked  a  very  pitiable  object.  On 
seeing  us  eying  him  with  curiosity,  he 
suddenly  laid  aside  his  mendicant  air,  and 
with  sharp  keen  eye  and  startled  attitude, 
appeared  to  take  us  for  a  police  officer  in 
undress.  We  looked  over  our  shoulder,  as 
we  moved  on,  and  saw  him  stand  for  a 
time  looking  after  us,  when  he  resumed  his 
former  downcast  appearance,  and  sauntered 
slowly  along  looking  eagerly  into  the  areas 
as  he  passed.  He  appeared  to  us  a  very 
good  type  of  the  young  area  sneak. 

These  area-divers  go  down  into  the  areas, 
and  open  the  safes  where  provisions  are 
kept,  such  as  roast  and  boiled  beef,  butter 
and  bread,  and  fish,  and  carry  off  the  spoil. 
If  the  door  is  open,  they  enter  the  kitchen, 
and  steal  anything  they  can  find,  such  as 
clothes,  wet  and  dry  linen,  and  sometimes 
a  copper  kettle,  and  silver  spoons  ;  or 
they  will  take  the  blacking-brushes  from 
the  boothouse.     Nothing  comes  amiss. 

There  is  another  class  of  area  sneaks 
who  make  their  daily  calls  at  gentlemen's 
houses,  ask  the  servants  when  they  come 
in  contact  with  them  if  they  have  any 
kitchen-stuff  to  sell,  or  old  clothes  or  glass 
bottles.  Should  they  not  find  the  servant 
in  the  kitchen,  they  try  to  make  their 
way  to  the  butler's  pantry,  which  generally 
adjoins  the  kitchen,  and  carry  off  the  basket 
of  plate. 

These  parties  are  men  from  20  years  of 
age  and  upwards. 

There  is  a  class  of  women  who  go  down 
the  areas,  under  pretence  of  selling  combs, 
stay-laces,  boot-laces,  and  other  trifling 
commodities.    When  they  find  a  stealthy 


opportunity,  many  of  them  carry  off  articles 
from  the  kitchen,  similar  to  those  just  de- 
scribed. These  people  are  of  all  ages,  some 
young,  others  tottering  with  old  age.  They 
generally  belong  to  London,  and  go  their 
regular  rounds  over  the  streets  and  squares. 
Many  of  them  live  in  Westminster,  St. 
Giles's  and  Kent-street  in  the  Borough. 

There  are  other  sneaks  who  enter  the 
lobbies  of  houses,  and  commit  robberies, 
chiefly  in  the  West-end  districts.  These 
persons  are  of  the  same  class,  with  the  area 
sneak,  but  perhaps  a  step  higher  in  the 
thievish  profession.  Their  depredations 
are  generally  committed  in  the  morning 
between  7  and  8,  when  servants  are  busily 
engaged  dusting  furniture  and  sweeping 
the  hall  and  rooms.  These  thieves  are 
then  seen  loitering  about  watching  a  favour- 
able opportunity  to  steal. 

The  mode  of  stealing  is  the  same  in  the 
passages  of  the  houses  of  middle  class 
people,  and  the  entry  halls  of  the  elegant 
mansions  of  the  gentry  and  aristocracy. 
Some  of  these  thieves  are  men  respectably 
dressed  while  others  are  in  more  shabby 
condition.  They  are  young  and  middle 
aged.  You  may  see  them  in  those  quiet 
localities,  generally  in  dark  clothing,  having 
the  appearance  of  respectable  mechanics,  or 
warehousemen.  Others  are  like  men  who 
hang  about  the  streets  to  run  messages 
and  assist  men-servants. 

They  walk  into  the  house,  and  pilfer  any 
article  they  can  find,  such  as  articles  of 
clothing,  umbrellas,  and  walking-canes. 
Sometimes  they  take  a  coat  oft'  the  knob 
and  whip  it  under  the  breast  of  their  coat, 
or  put  it  on  over  their  own.  'J'hey  fre- 
quently carry  off  a  bundle  of  clothes, 
and  sell  them  to  some  receiver  of  stolen 
property. 

Such  robberies  are  frequent  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Brompton,  Chelsea,  Pimlico, 
Paddington,  Stepney,  Hackney,  Bayswater, 
Camberwell,  the  Kent-road,  and  other 
similar  districts. 

The  lobby  sneaks  are  the  same  class  of 
persons  as  those  who  enter  the  areas,  and 
contrive  to  get  a  livelihood  in  this  way. 
They  hve  in  various  parts  of  London, 
such  as  the  dirty  slums,  alleys,  and  by- 
streets of  Covent-garden,  Drury-lane,  and 
St.  Giles's,  Somers  Town,  Westminster,  the 
Borough,  Whitechapel,  and  Walworth  Com- 
mon, and  other  similar  neighbourhoods. 

Sometimes  these  men  are  seen  in  public- 
houses  with  large  sums  of  money,  no  doubt 
got  from  the  disposal  of  their  plunder  ;  and 
at  other  times  lounge  in  low  coffee-houses, 
without  even  the  scanty  means  of  paying 
for  their  bed,  and  are  scarcely  able  to  pay 


u  2 


20ii 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOE. 


a  penny  for  a  cup  of  coffee.  They  often  have 
to  ask  assistance  from  their  companions, 
though  a  few  days  previous  they  may  have 
been  seeu  in  possession  of  handfuls  of 
cash. 

They  are  usually  unmarried,  and  live  an 
uncomfortable,  homeless  life  ;  often  co- 
habiting with  a  low  class  of  women,  miser- 
ably clad,  and  generally  wretched  in.  ap- 
pearance. 

Middle  aged  and  elderly  women  are  oc- 
casionally engaged  in  sneaking  depredations 
from  the  dwelling-houses  of  labouring  men. 
An  old  woman  ma}'-  observe  a  child  standing 
at  her  mother's  door,  and  ask  if  her  mother 
is  in.  When  the  child  answers,  "  No,"  she 
will  say,  "  I  will  mind  the  house,  while  you 
go  and  get  a  halfpenny  worth  of  sweets." 
giving  the  little  girl  a  halfpenny.  On  the 
child's  return  the  woman  has  decamped 
carrying  away  with  her  money,  or  any 
other  portable  article  she  may  have  found 
in  the  house.  This  is  the  class  of  women 
we  have  noticed  stealing  from  the  shops  of 
the  butchers  and  cheesemongers. 

It  is  a  strange  fact,  that  many  of  these 
common  thieves,  engaged  in  paltry  sneak- 
ing thefts,  have  a  more  desperate  and 
criminal  appearance  than  most  of  the  dar- 
ing burglars  and  highwaymen.  Their  soft 
and  timid  natures  feel  more  poignant 
misery  in  their  debased  and  anxious  life 
than  the  more  stern  and  callous  ruffians  of 
a  higher  class,  engaged  in  more  extraor- 
dinary adventures. 

Another  class  of  larcenies  in  dwelling- 
houses  are  committed  6?/  means  of  false 
mei^snges. 

This  is  a  very  ingenious  mode  of  thieving, 
and  is  done  by  means  of  calling  at  the 
house,  and  stating  to  the  servants  that 
they  are  sent  from  respectable  firms  in  the 
neighbourhood  for  some  article  of  dress  to 
be  repaired,  or  for  lamps,  fenders,  glasses, 
or  decanters  to  be  mended,  with  other  pre- 
tences of  various  descriptions. 

Their  object  is  to  get  the  absence  of  the 
servant  from  the  hall.  While  the  servant 
is  upstairs,  telling  a  man  has  called  sent  by 
such  and  such  a  firm,  they  walk  into  the 
dining-room  on  the  first  floor,  and  abstract 
any  articles  of  plate  that  may  be  exposed, 
silver-mounted  inkstands,  books,  or  other 
property.  If  they  don't  succeed  in  this, 
and  see  no  article  of  value,  they  will  return 
to  the  hall,  and  clear  the  passages  of  the 
coats  hanging  on  the  knobs,  and  the  um- 
brellas and  walking-sticks  from  the  stand, 
while  an  accomphce  is  generally  outside 
to  receive  the  property.  Should  the  servant 
come  down  too  soon,  while  he  has  only  got 
a  short  distance  off,  no  property  is  found 


upon  his  person.  They  seldom  take  hats, 
as  these  could  be  easily  detected. 

They  have  an  endless  variety  of  ingenious 
expedients  to  eff'ect  this  object.  A  case  of 
this  kind  occurred  in  the  district  of  Mary- 
lebone  a  short  time  ago,  where  a  gentleman 
was  in  quest  of  a  lady's  maid,  and  advertised 
in  the  *  Times '  newspaper,  and  at  the  same 
time  answered  a  number  of  advertisements 
by  anonymous  persons.  The  next  day  his 
house  was  thronged  by  a  number  of  people 
anxious  to  obtain  the  situation. 

After  all  had  left,  a  purse  containing 
a  large  amount  of  money  was  missing, 
consisting  partly  of  bank-notes  ;  when  he 
gave  information  to  the  police.  Some 
days  after,  through  the  admirable  ingenuity 
and  tact  of  a  detective  officer  at  Maryle- 
bone,  a  person  was  traced  out  in  the  locality 
of  Edgware-road,  as  having  been  guilty  of 
the  felony,  and  the  stolen  purse  was  found 
on  her  person.  Her  apprehension  led  to 
the  discovery,  that  she  had  been  pursuing 
a  system  of  robberies  of  this  description 
over  various  parts  of  the  metropolis,  for 
twelve  months  previously.  She  was  sen- 
tenced to  three  years'  penal  servitude,  and 
while  in  Millbank  Penitentiary,  committed 
suicide  about  three  months  after. 

These  felonies  abound  chiefly  in  the  west- 
end  of  the  metropolis,  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  Belgravia,  Paissell  and  Bedford- 
squares,  Oxford-square,  Gloucester-square, 
Seymour-street,  Hyde  Park-street,  Glou- 
cester-terrace, and  other  fashionable  locali- 
ties. They  are  often  committed  by  servants 
of  worthless  character  out  of  situation,  also 
by  lads  of  respectable  appearance,  sent  out 
by  trainers  of  thieves,  who  often  begin  their 
despicable  life  in  this  manner,  and  advance 
to  picking  of  pockets  and  burglary. 

Number  of  larcenies  in  the  Metropolitan 
districts  for  the  year  ]  860,  by  doors  being 
left  open  and  by  false  messages    ..    2,986 
Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City       ».       535 

3,521 

Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
the  Metropolitan  district  ..     £9,904 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City    . .  724 

£10,628 

Stealing  hy  Lifting  tip  Windotvs  or  Breaking 
Olr/ss. — Area-sneaks  frequently  lift  up  the 
kitchen  windows  to  steal.  Sometimes  they 
cannot  reach  the  articles  through  the  iron 
bars,  and  have  recourse  to  an  ingenious 
expedient  to  effect  their  object.  They  tie 
two  sticks  together,  and  attach  a  hook  to 


LONDOI^  LABOUH  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


293 


the  end,  and  seize  hold  of  any  articles  they 
can  find  and  draw  them  through  the  bars  ; 
they  frequently  leave  their  sticks  behind 
them,  which  are  found  by  the  police. 

There  is  generally  an  iron  fastening  in 
the  centre  of  the  window  frame.  The  thief 
inserts  a  small  thin  knife  or  other  sharp  in- 
strument in  the  opening  of  the  frame,  and 
forces  back  the  iron  catch.  In  some  in- 
stances a  fastening  or  clasp  in  the  inner 
side  of  the  window  is  pushed  back  by  means 
of  breaking  a  pane  of  glass.  These  robbe- 
ries are  often  committed  in  dwelling-houses 
in  Queen-street,  Mitre-street,  and  Web- 
ber-street, near  Black  friars-road ;  in  Tower- 
street,  Waterloo-road,  and  similar  localities 
— generally  by  a  man  and  a  young  lad. 
This  young  lad  is  employed  to  enter  the 
window  of  the  house  to  be  robbed,  which 
in  these  localities  is  often  a  front  par- 
lour. The  window  is  drawn  up  softly,  not 
to  excite  any  alarm. 

The  man  generally  keeps  watch  while  the 
lad  enters  the  house,  perhaps  at  the  corner 
of  the  street,  when  both  decamp  with  the 
property. 

In  some  instances  they  break  the  glass 
in  the  same  way  that  star-glazers  do  at 
shop-windows,  as  already  described.  This 
is  done  either  at  the  front  or  the  back 
window.  They  prefer  the  back  window  if 
there  is  a  ready  access  to  it.  These  rob- 
beries are  committed  in  occupied  houses 
as  well  as  in  houses  while  the  inmates  are 
absent  for  a  few  days.  They  steal  money, 
trinkets,  linen,  or  anything  that  is  easily 
carried  off. 

Similar  robberies  are  perpetrated  by  two 
or  more  persons  at  the  West-end  fashion- 
able houses  by  the  area  or  back  windows, 
when  they  steal  money,  jewels,  mantel- 
piece clocks,  clothes,  linen,  and  other  pro- 
perty. 

Sometimes  they  enter  by  cutting  the 
window  with  a  diamond.  These  felonies 
are  often  of  considerable  value. 

The  parlour  windows  are  sometimes 
lifted  up  by  young  thieves  in  the  morning, 
when  plate  is  laid  on  the  table  for  break- 
fast; the  servant  frequently  leaves  the 
dining-room  window  open  for  ventilation, 
when  they  effect  an  entrance  in  this  way  : 
— one  throws  a  cap  into  the  area  by  way  of 
joke,  or  through  the  window  into  the  room  ; 
another  mounts  the  railings  and  enters  the 
window.  Should  any  of  the  inmates  detect 
him,  he  will  say  that  "  a  lad  had  thrown 
his  cap  into  the  house,  and  he  came  in  to 
fetch  it,"  If  not  disturbed,  he  carries  off 
the  silver  plate,  and.  often  returns  through 
the  window  with  the  plunder  without  being 
observed.     These  thieves  take  any  article 


easily  carried  off,  such  as  wearing  apparel, 
work-boxes,  or  fancy  clocks,  and  are  gene- 
rally Irish  cockneys  ;  they  are  to  be  found 
in  considerable  numbers  in  the  vicinity  of 
King's-cross,  Waterloo-road,  and  other 
localities.  They  abstract  any  valuable  pro- 
perty they  find  lying  about,  but  their  chief 
object  is  to  get  the  silver  plate. 

There  are  few  cases  of  larceny  from  back 
bedroom  windows,  as  the  servants  and  in- 
mates are  generally  hovering  about  after 
breakfast.  This  is  sometimes  effected, 
though  rarely,  by^  the  connivance  of  the 
servants. 

At  other  times  these  robberies  from  the 
house  are  committed  by  means  of  breaking 
a  pane  of  glass,  when  the  thieves  undo  the 
fastening  of  the  window  and  effect  an  en- 
trance. This  is  often  perpetrated  during 
the  temporary  absence  of  the  inmates. 

The  statistics  in  this  class  of  robberies 
will  be  given  when  we  come  to  treat  on 
"  Attic  or  Garret  Thieves." 

Attic  or  Garret  Thieves — These  are  gene- 
rally the  most  expert  thieves  in  the  metro- 
polis. Their  mode  of  operation  is  this  : — 
They  call  at  a  dweUing-house  with  a 
letter,  or  have  communication  with  some 
of  the  servants,  for  the  purpose  of  dis- 
covering the  best  means  of  access,  and  to 
learn  how  the  people  in  the  house  are  en- 
gaged and  the  time  most  suitable  for  the  de- 
predation. They  generally  come  to  plunder 
the  house  in  the  evening,  when  one  or  two 
of  their  accomplices  loiter  about,  watching 
the  movements  of  the  jDolice,  the  other 
meanwhile  proceeding  to  the  roof  of  .the 
house. 

These  attic  robberies  are  generally  ef- 
fected through  unoccupied  houses — perhaps 
by  the  house  next  door,  or  some  other  on 
the  same  side  of  the  street.  They  pass 
through  the  attic  to  the  roof,  and  proceed 
along  the  gutters  and  coping  to  the  attic 
window  of  the  house  to  be  robbed.  They 
unfasten  the  attic  window  by  taking  the 
pane  of  glass  out,  or  pushing  the  fastening 
back,  and  enter  the  dwelling.  This  is 
generally  done  about  7  or  8  o'clock  in  the 
evening,  when  the  family  are  at  dinner — 
the  servants  being  engaged  between  the 
dining-room  on  the  first  floor  and  the 
kitchen  below,  serving  up  the  dinner. 

The  thieves  proceed  to  the  bedroom  on 
the  second  floor,  and  force  open  the  ward- 
robe with  a  short  jemmy  which  they  carry, 
and  try  to  find  the  jewel-case  and  any  other 
articles  of  value.  Their  object  is  generally 
to  get  valuable  jewels. 

The  dining-room  is  on  the  first  floor, 
so  that  they  have  often  full  scope  for 
their    operations  without    being  seen   or 


294 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


obstructed,  while  the  inmates  are  engaged 
below.  They  return  the  same  way  through 
the  attic  window  on  the  roof,  run  along 
the  gutters,  and  escape  by  the  same  house 
through  which  they  entered. 

A  very  remarkable  robbery  of  this  kind 
occurred  in  the  beginning  of  1861  at 
Loundes-square,  where  the  thieves  en- 
tered through  an  attic  and  obtained  jewels 
to  the  amount  of  3,000Z. 

On  their  return  from  the  dwelling-house, 
it  being  a  very  windy  night,  a  hat  belonging 
to  one  of  them  was  blown  from  the  house- 
top upon  one  of  the  slanting  roofs  he  could 
not  reach,  which  afterwards  led  to  his  de- 
tection. A  short  time  previously  it  was  in 
the  hands  of  a  hatter  for  certain  repairs, 
when  he  inserted  a  paper  marked  with  his 
name  within  it.  The  thief  was  arrested, 
tried,  and  got  ten  years'  jienal  servitude. 

Some  get  to  the  roof  by  means  of  a 
ladder  placed  outside  an  unfinished  house, 
or  house  under  repair,  and  steal  in  the  same 
manner. 

An  ingenious  attempt  at  a  jewel  robbery 
occurred  lately  by  means  of  a  cab  drawing 
up  with  a  lady  before  a  dwelling-house. 
The  cabman,  who  was  evidently  in  collu- 
sion with  the  thieves,  dismounted,  rang 
the  bell,  and  told  the  butler  who  answered 
the  door,  that  a  lady  wished  to  see  him. 
On  his  coming  to  the  cab,  it  being  about  ten 
or  fifteen  yards  from  the  street-door,  he 
was  kept  in  conversation  b}'  a  female. 
Meantime  he  observed  a  respectable-look- 
ing man  steal  into  the  house  from  the 
street,  while  thus  engaged.  He  left  the 
cab  without  taking  any  notice  of  what  he 
saw,  and  entered  the  house,  when  the  cab 
drove  off  at  a  rapid  rate,  which  convinced 
him  that  there  was  something  wrong.  He 
made  his  way  up  into  the  bedroom  on  the 
second  floor,  and  found  a  man  of  respectable 
appearance  concealed  in  the  apartment. 
An  officer  was  called  and  the  man  was 
searched.  There  was  found  on  his  person 
a  jemmy,  a  wax  taper,  and  silent  lights. 
He  was  taken  into  custody ;  but  no  trace 
of  the  cabman  or  woman  could  be  found. 
He  was  afterwards  committed  for  the 
offence. 

These  attic  thieves  generally  live  in 
Hackney-road  and  Kingsland-road.  On 
one  occasion  a  gang  was  discovered  in  a 
furnished  house  in  Russell-square.  They 
generally  have  apartments  in  respectable 
neighboarhoods  to  avoid  suspicion,  and 
have  servants  to  attend  them,  who  assist 
in  disposing  of  the  stolen  property.  The 
best  attic  thieves  reside  in  Hackney  and 
Kingsland-roads,  and  many  are  to  be 
found  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Shoreditch 


church  ;  a  few  of  them  are  known  to  be 
residing  in  Waterloo-road,  but  not  of  so 
high  a  class  as  in  the  localities  referred 
to. 

The  women  connected  with  them  have 
an  abundance  of  jewellery ;  they  live  in 
high  style,  with  plenty  of  cash,  but  not 
displayed  to  any  great  extent  at  the  time 
any  robbery  is  committed,  as  it  would  ex- 
cite suspicion. 

Many  of  them  have  a  very  gentleman- 
like appearance,  and  none  but  a  detective 
officer  would  know  them.  When  brought 
before  the  police  courts  for  these  felonies, 
it  is  usual  to  have  constables  brought  from 
all  the  districts  to  see  them  and  make 
them  known,  which  very  much  annoys 
them. 

They  generally  succeed  in  making  off 
with  their  booty,  and  are  seldom  caught. 
Their  robberies  are  skilfully  planned,  in 
the  same  experienced  careful  manner  in 
which  burglaries  are  effected.  They  have 
gone  through  all  grades  of  thieving  from 
their  infancy — through  sneaking  and  pick- 
ing pockets. 

This  is  a  late  system  of  robbery,  and  has 
been  carried  on  rather  extensively  over  the 
west  end  of  the  metropohs. 

Number  of  larcenies  from  dwelling- 
houses,  by  lifting  up  windows,  breaking 
glass,  and  by  attic  windows  through  empty 
houses,  for  1860     ....     515 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City     .         .      14 


529 


Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
Metropolitan  districts  for  1860      £3,962 
Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City    .     .  18 

£3,980 


A  Visit  to  the  Rookery  of  St.  Giles 
AND  ITS  Neighbourhood. 

In  company  with  a  police  officer  we 
proceeded  to  the  Seven  Dials,  one  of  the 
most  i-emarkable  localities  in  London,  in- 
habited by  bird-fanciers,  keepers  of  stores 
of  old  clothes  and  old  shoes,  costermongers, 
patterers,  and  a  motley  assemblage  of 
others,  chiefly  of  the  lower  classes.  As  we 
stood  at  one  of  the  angles  in  the  centre  of 
the  Dials  we  saw  three  young  men — bur- 
glars— loitering  at  an  opposite  corner  of  an 
adjoining  dial.  One  of  them  had  a  gen- 
tlemanly appearance,  and  was  dressed  in 
superfine  black  cloth  and  beaver  hat.  The 
other  two  were  attired  as  mechanics  or 
tradesmen.     One  of  them  had  recently  re- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


291 


turned  from  penal  servitude,  and  another 
had  undergone  a  long  imprisonment. 

Leaving  the  Seven  Dials  and  its  dingy 
neighbourhoood,  we  went  to  Oxford  Street, 
one  of  the  first  commercial  streets  in 
London,  and  one  of  the  finest  in  the  world. 
It  reminded  us  a  good  deal  of  the  celebrated 
Broadway,  New  York,  although  the  build- 
ings of  the  latter  are  in  some  places  more 
costly  and  splendid,  and  some  of  the  shops 
more  magnificent.  Oxford  Street  is  one  of 
the  main  streets  of  London,  and  is  ever 
resoimding  with  the  din  of  vehicles,  carts, 
cabs,  hansoms,  broughams,  and  omnibuses 
driving  along.  Many  of  the  shops  are 
spacious  and  crowded  with  costly  goods, 
and  the  large  windows  of  plate-glass,  set  in 
massive  brass  frames,  are  gaily  furnished 
with  their  various  articles  of  merchandise. 

On  the  opposite  side  of  the  street  we  ob- 
served a  jolly,  comfortable-looking,  elderly 
man,  like  a  farmer  in  appearance,  not  at  all 
like  a  London  sharper.  He  was  standing 
looking  along  the  street  as  though  he  were 
waiting  for  some  one.  He  was  a  magsman 
(a  skittle-sharp),  and  no  doubt  other  mem- 
bers of  the  gang  were  hovering  near.  He 
appeared  to  be  as  cunning  as  an  old  fox  in 
his  movements,  admirably  fitted  to  entrap 
the  unwary. 

A  little  farther  along  the  street  we  saw  a 
fashionably-dressed  man  coming  towards 
us,  arm  in  arm  with  his  companion,  among 
the  throng  of  people.  They  were  in  the 
prime  of  life,  and  had  a  respectable,  and 
even  opulent  appearance.  One  of  them 
was  good-humoured  and  social,  as  though 
he  were  on  good  terms  with  himself  and 
society  in  general ;  the  other  was  more 
callous  and  reserved,  and  more  suspicious 
in  his  aspect.  Both  were  bedecked  with 
glittering  watch  chains  and  gold  rings. 
They  passed  by  a  few  paces,  when  the  more 
social  of  the  two,  looking  over  his  shoulder, 
met  our  eye  directed  towards  him,  turned 
back  and  accosted  us,  and  was  even  so 
generous  as  to  invite  us  into  a  gin-palace 
near  by,  which  we  courteously  declined. 
The  two  magsmen  (card-sharpers)  strutted 
off,  like  fine  gentlemen,  along  the  street  on 
the  outlook  for  their  victims. 

Here  we  saw  another  young  man,  a  bur- 
glar, pass  by.  He  had  an  engaging  appear- 
ance, and  was  very  tasteful  in  his  dress, 
very  unlike  the  rough  burglai'S  we  met  at 
Whitechapel,  the  Borough,  and  Lambeth. 

Leaving  Oxford  Street  we  went  along 
Holborn  to  Chancery  Lane,  chiefly  fre- 
quented by  barristers  and  attorneys,  and 
entered  Fleet  Street,  one  of  the  main  ar- 
teries of  the  metropolis,  reminding  us  of 
London  in  the  olden  feudal  times,  when 


the  streets  were  crowded  together  in  dense 
masses,  flanked  with  innumerable  dingy 
alleys,  courts,  and  by-streets,  like  a  great 
rabbit-warren.  Fleet  Street,  though  a 
narrow,  business  street,  with  its  traffic 
often  choked  with  vehicles,  is  interesting 
from  its  antique,  historical,  and  literary 
associations.  Elbowing  our  way  through 
the  throng  of  people,  we  pass  through  one 
of  the  gloomy  arches  of  Temple  Bar,  and 
issue  into  the  Strand,  where  we  saw  two 
pickpockets,  young,  tall,  gentlemanly  men, 
cross  the  street  from  St.  Clement's  Church 
and  enter  a  restaurant.  They  were  attired 
in  a  suit  of  superfine  black  cloth,  cut  in 
fashionable  style.  They  entered  an  elegant 
dining-room,  and  probably  sat  down  to 
costly  viands  and  wines. 

Leaving  the  Strand,  we  went  up  St. 
Martin's  Lane,  a  narrow  street  leading  from 
the  Strand  to  the  Seven  Dials.  We  here 
saw  a  young  man,  an  exj^ert  burglar,  of 
about  twenty-four  years  of  age  and  dark 
complexion,  standing  at  the  corner  of  the 
street.  He  was  well  dressed,  in  a  dark 
cloth  suit,  with  a  billicock  hat.  One  of  his 
comrades  was  taken  from  his  side  about 
three  weeks  ago  on  a  charge  of  burglary. 

Entering  a  beershop  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  St.  Giles,  close  by  the  Seven  Dials, 
we  saw  a  band  of  coiners  and  ringers  of 
changes.  One  of  them,  a  genteel-looking, 
slim  youth  is  a  notorious  coiner,  and  has 
been  convicted.  He  was  sitting  quietly  by 
the  door  over  a  glass  of  beer,  with  his  com- 
panion by  his  side.  One  of  them  is  a 
moulder ;  another  was  sentenced  to  ten 
years'  penal  servitude  for  coining  and 
selling  base  coin.  A  modest-looking  young 
man,  one  of  the  gang,  was  seated  by  the 
bar,  also  respectably  dressed.  He  is  gene- 
rally supposed  to  be  a  subordinate  con- 
nected with  this  coining  band,  looking  out, 
while  they  are  coining,  that  no  ofiicers  of 
justice  are  near,  and  carrying  the  bag  of 
base  money  for  them  when  they  go  out  to 
sell  it  to  base  wretches  in  small  quantities 
at  low  prices.  Five  shillings'  worth  of  base 
money  is  generally  sold  for  tenpence. 
"  Flinging  the  changes "  is  effected  in  this 
way  : — A  person  offers  a  good  sovereign 
to  a  shopkeeper  to  be  changed.  The  gold 
piece  is  chinked  on  the  counter,  or  other- 
wise tested,  and  is  proved  to  be  good.  The 
man  hastily  asks  back  and  gets  the  sove- 
reign, and  pretends  that  he  has  some  silver, 
so  that  he  does  not  require  to  change  it. 
On  feeling  his  pocket  he  finds  he  does  not 
have  it,  and  returns  a  base  piece  of  money 
resembling  it,  instead  of  the  genuine  gold 
piece. 

We   returned  to   Bow   Street,   and  saw 


296 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


three  young  pickpockets  proceeding  along 
in  company,  like  three  well-dressed  coster- 
atongers,  in  dark  cloth  frock-coats  and 
:aps. 

Being  desirous  of  having  a  more  thorough 
knowledge  of  the  people  residing  in  the 
rookery  of  St.  Giles,  we  visited  it  with  Mr. 
Hunt,  inspector  of  police.  We  first  went  to 
a  lodging-house  in  George  Street,  Oxford 
Street,  called  the  Hampshire-Hog  Yard. 
Most  of  the  lodgers  were  then  out.  On  visit- 
ing a  room  in  the  garret  we  saw  a  man,  in 
mature  years,  making  artificial  flowers  ;  he 
appeared  to  be  very  ingenious,  and  made  se- 
veral roses  before  us  with  marvellous  ra- 
pidity. He  had  suspended  along  the  ceiling 
bundles  of  dyed  grasses  of  various  hues, 
crimson,  yellow,  green,  brown,  and  other 
colours  to  furnish  cases  of  stuffed  birds. 
He  was  a  very  intelligent  man  and  a  natural 
genius.  He  told  us  strong  drink  had 
brought  him  to  this  humble  position  in  the 
garret,  and  that  he  once  had  the  oppor- 
tunity of  making  a  fortune  in  the  service  of 
a  nobleman.  We  felt,  as  we  looked  on  his 
countenance,  and  listened  to  his  conversa- 
tion, he  was  capable  of  moving  in  a  higher 
sphere  of  life.  Yet  he  was  wonderfully 
contented  with  his  humble  lot. 

We  visited  Dyott  House,  George  Street, 
the  ancient  manor-house  of  St.  Giles-in- 
the-Fields,  now  fitted  up  as  a  lodging-house 
for  single  men.  The  kitchen,  an  apartment 
about  fifteen  feet  square,  is  surrounded 
with  massive  and  tasteful  panelling  in  the 
olden  style.  A  large  fire  blazing  in  the  grate 
— with  two  boilers  on  each  side — was  kept 
burning  night  and  day  to  supply  the  lodgers 
vvith  hot  water  for  their  tea  and  coffee. 
Some  rashers  of  bacon  were  suspended 
before  the  fire,  with  a  plate  underneath. 
There  was  a  gas-light  in  the  centre  of  the 
apartment,  and  a  dial  on  the  back  wall. 
The  kitchen  was  furnished  with  two  long 
deal  tables  and  a  dresser,  with  forms  to 
.serve  as  seats.  There  were  about  fifteen 
labouring  men  present,  most  of 'them  busy 
at  supper  on  fish,  and  bread,  and  tea.  They 
were  a  very  mixed  company,  such  as  we 
would  expect  at  a  London  lodging-house, 
men  working  in  cab-yards  assisting  cabmen, 
some  distributing  bills  in  the  streets,  one 
man  carrying  advertizing  boards,  and  others 
jobbing  at  anything  they  can  find  to  do  in 
the  neighbourhood.  This  house  was  clean 
and  comfortable,  and  had  the  appearance  of 
being  truly  a  comfortable  poor  man's  home. 
It  was  cheerful  to  look  around  us  and  to 
see  the  social  air  of  the  inmates.  One  man 
sat  with  his  coat  off,  enjoying  the  warmth 
of  the  kitchen  ;  a  boy  was  at  his  tea,  cutting 
up  dried  fish  and  discussing  his  bread  and 


butter.  A  young  man  of  about  nineteen 
sat  at  the  back  of  the  apartment,  with  a 
very  sinister  countenance,  very  unlike  the 
others.  There  was  something  about  him 
that  indicated  a  troubled  mind.  We  also 
observed  a  number  of  elderly  men  among 
the  party,  some  in  jackets,  and  others  in 
velvet  coats,  with  an  honest  look  about 
them. 

When  the  house  was  a  brothel,  about 
fifteen  years  ago,  an  unfortunate  prostitute, 
named  Mary  Brothers,  was  murdered  in 
this  kitchen  by  a  man  named  Connell,  who 
was  afterwards  executed  at  Newgate  for  the 
deed.  He  had  carnal  connexion  with  this 
woman  some  time  before,  and  he  suspected 
that  she  had  communicated  to  him  the 
venereal  disease  with  which  he  was  afflicted. 
In  revenge  he  took  her  life,  having  pur- 
chased a  knife  at  a  neighbouring  cutlers 
shop. 

We  were  introduced  to  the  landlady,  a 
very  stout  v/oman,  who  came  up  to  meet 
us,  candle  in  hand,  as  we  stood  on  the 
staircase.  Here  we  saw  the  profile  of  the 
ancient  proprietor  of  the  house,  carved  over 
the  paneling,  set,  as  it  were,  in  an  oval 
frame.  In  another  part  of  the  staircase  we 
saw  a  similar  frame,  but  the  profile  had 
been  removed  or  destroyed.  Over  the 
window  that  overlooks  the  staircase  there 
are  three  figures,  possibly  likenesses  of  his 
daughters ;  such  is  the  tradition.  The  ba- 
lustrade along  the  staircase  is  very  massive 
and  tastefully  carved  and  ornamented. 
The  bed-rooms  were  also  clean  and  com- 
fortable. 

The  beds  are  furnished  with  a  bed-cover 
and  flock  bed,  with  sufficient  warm  and 
clean  bedding,  for  the  low  charge  of  2s.  a 
week,  or  4d.  a  night.  The  first  proprietor 
of  the  house  is  said  to  have  been  a  magis- 
trate of  the  city,  and  a  knight  or  baronet. 

Leaving  George  Street  we  passed  on  to 
Church  Lane,  a  by-street  in  the  rear  of 
New  Oxford  Street,  containing  twenty-eight 
houses.  It  was  dark  as  we  passed  along. 
We  saw  the  street  lamps  lighted  in  Oxford 
Street,  and  the  shop-windows  brilliantly 
illumined,  while  the  thunder  of  vehicles  in 
the  street  broke  on  our  ear,  rolling  in  per- 
petual stream.  Here  a  very  curious  scene 
presented  itself  to  our  view.  From  the 
windows  of  the  three-storied  houses  in 
Church  Lane  were  suspended  wooden  rocis 
with  clothes  to  dry  across  the  narrow  street, 
— cotton  gowns,  sheets,  trousers,  drawers, 
and  vests,  some  ragged  and  patched,  and 
others  old  and  faded,  giving  a  more  pictu- 
resque aspect  to  the  scene,  which  was  en- 
hanced by  the  dim  lights  in  the  windows, 
and  the  groups  of  the  lower  orders  of  aP 


LONDON  LABOVll  AND  THE  LONDON  POOM. 


•Jii? 


ages  assembled  below,  clustered  around  the 
doorways,  and  in  front  of  the  houses,  or 
indulging  in  merriment  in  the  street.  Al- 
together the  appearance  of  the  inhabitants 
was  much  more  clean  and  orderly  than 
might  be  expected  in  such  a  low  locality. 
Many  women  of  the  lower  orders,  chiefly  of 
the  Irish  cockneys,  were  seated,  crouching 
with  their  knees  almost  touching  their 
chin,  beside  the  open  windows.  Some  men 
were  smoking  their  pipes  as  they  stood 
leaning  against  the  walls  of  their  houses, 
whom  from  their  appearance  we  took  to  be 
evidently  out-door  labourers.  Another  la- 
bouring man  was  seated  on  the  sill  of  his 
window,  in  corduroy  trousers,  light-gray 
coat  and  cap,  with  an  honest  look  of  good- 
humour  and  industry.  Numbers  of  young 
women,  the  wives  of  costermongers,  sat  in 
front  of  their  houses  in  the  manner  we 
have  described,  clad  in  cotton  gowns,  with 
a  general  aspect  of  personal  cleanliness  and 
contentment.  At  the  corners  of  the  streets, 
and  at  many  of  the  doorways,  were  groups 
of  young  costermongers,  who  had  finished 
their  hard  day's  work,  and  were  contentedly 
chatting  and  smoking.  They  generally 
stood  with  their  hands  in  their  breeches 
pockets.  Most  of  these  people  are  Irish, 
or  the  children  of  Irish  parents.  The  dark- 
ness of  the  street  was  lighted  up  by  the 
street  lamps  as  well  as  by  the  lights  in  the 
windows  of  two  chandlers'  shops  and  one 
public-house.  At  one  of  the  chandlers' 
shops  the  proprietor  was  standing  by  his 
door  with  folded  arms  as  he  looked  good- 
humouredly  on  his  neighbours  around  his 
shop-door.  We  also  saw  some  of  the  young 
Arabs  bareheaded  and  barefooted,  with 
their  little  hands  in  their  pockets,  or 
squatted  on  the  street,  having  the  usual 
restless,  artful  look  peculiar  to  their  tribe. 

Here  a  house  was  pointed  out  to  us, 
No.  21,  which  was  formerly  let  at  a  rent  of 
251.  per  annum  to  a  publican  that  resided 
in  the  neighbourhood.  He  let  the  same  in 
rooms  for  90/.  a  year,  and  these  again  re- 
ceive from  parties  residing  in  them  upwards 
of  120Z.  The  house  is  still  let  in  rooms, 
but  they  are  occupied,  like  all  others  in  the 
neighbourhood,  by  one  family  only. 

At  one  house  as  we  passed  along  we  saw 
a  woman  selling  potatoes,  at  the  window, 
to  persons  in  the  street.  On  looking  into 
the  interior  we  saw  a  cheerful  fire  burning 
in  the  grate  and  some  women  sitting  around 
it.  We  also  observed  several  bushel 
baskets  and  sacks  placed  round  the  room, 
filled  with  potatoes,  of  which  they  sell  a 
large  quantity. 

In  Church  Lane  we  found  two  lodging- 
houses,  the  kitchens  of  which  are  entered 


from  the  street  by  a  descent  of  a  few  steps 
leading  underground  to  the  basement. 
Here  we  found  numbers  of  people  clustered 
together  around  several  tables,  some  read- 
ing the  newspapers,  others  supping  on  fish, 
bread,  tea,  and  potatoes,  and  some  lying 
half  asleep  on  the  tables  in  all  imaginable 
positions.  These,  we  were  told,  had  just  re- 
turned from  hopping  in  Kent,  had  walked 
long  distances,  and  were  fatigued. 

On  entering  some  of  these  kitchens,  the 
ceiling  being  very  low,  we  found  a  large 
fire  burning  in  the  grate,  and  a  general  air 
of  comfort,  cleanliness,  and  order.  Such 
scenes  as  these  were  very  homely  and  pic- 
turesque, and  reminded  us  very  forcibly  of 
localities  of  London  in  the  olden  time.  In 
some  of  them  the  inmates  were  only  half 
dressed,  and  yet  appeared  to  be  very  com- 
fortable from  the  warmth  of  the  apartment. 
Here  we  saw  a  number  of  the  poorest  im- 
beciles we  had  noticed  in  the  course  of 
our  rambles  through  the  great  metropolis. 
Many  of  them  were  middle-aged  men, 
others  more  elderly,  very  shabbily  dressed, 
and  some  half  naked.  There  was  little 
manliness  left  in  the  poor  wretches  as  they 
squatted  drearily  on  the  benches.  The 
inspector  told  us  they  were  chiefly  vagrants, 
and  were  sunk  in  profound  ignorance  and 
debasement,  from  which  they  were  utterly 
unable  to  rise. 

The  next  kitchen  of  this  description  we 
entered  was  occupied  by  females.  It  was 
about  fifteen  feet  square,  and  belongs  to  a 
house  with  ten  rooms,  part  of  which  is  oc- 
cupied as  a  low  lodging-house.  Here  we 
found  five  women  seated  around  a  table, 
most  of  them  young,  but  one  more  advanced 
in  life.  Some  of  them  were  good-looking, 
as  though  they  had  been  respectable  ser- 
vants. They  were  busy  at  their  tea,  bread, 
and  butcher's  meat.  On  the  table  stood  a 
candle  on  a  small  candlestick.  They  sat  in 
curious  positions  round  the  table,  some  of 
them  with  an  ample  crinoline.  One  sat  by 
the  fire  with  her  gown  drawn  over  her 
knees,  displaying  her  white  petticoat.  As 
we  stood  beside  them  they  burst  out  in  a 
titter  which  they  could  not  suppress.  On 
looking  round  we  observed  a  plate-rack  at 
the  back  of  the  kitchen,  and,  as  usual  in 
these  lodging-houses,  a  glorious  fire  burn- 
ing brightly  in  the  grate.  An  old  chest  of 
drawers,  surmounted  with  shelves,  stood 
against  the  wall.  The  girls  were  all  prosti- 
tutes and  thieves,  but  had  no  appearance 
of  shame.  They  were  apparently  very 
merry.  The  old  woman  sat  very  thought- 
ful, looking  observant  on,  and  no  doubt 
wondering  what  errand  could  have  brought 
us  into  the  house. 


S98 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


We  tlien  entered  another  dwelling-house. 
On  looking  down  the  stairs  we  saw  a  com- 
pany of  young  women,  from  seventeen  to 
twenty-five  years  of  age.  A  rope  was  hung 
over  the  fireplace,  with  stockings  and  shirts 
suspended  over  it,  and  clothes  were  dry- 
ing on  a  screen.  A  young  woman,  with  her 
hair  netted  and  ornamented,  sat  beside  the 
tire  with  a  green  jacket  and  striped  petti- 
coat with  crinoline.  Another  good-looking 
young  woman  sat  by  the  table  dressed  in  a 
cotton  gown  and  striped  apron,  with  cofiee- 
pot  in  hand,  and  tea-cups  before  her. 
Some  pleasant-looking  girls  sat  by  the  table 
with  their  chins  leaning  on  their  hands, 
smiling  cheerfully,  looking  at  us  with  curi- 
osity. Another  coarser  featured  dame  lolled 
by  the  end  of  the  table  with  her  gown 
drawn  over  her  head,  smirking  in  our  coun- 
tenance ;  and  one  sat  by,  her  shawl  drawn 
over  her  head.  Another  apparently  modest 
girl  sat  by  cutting  her  nails  with  a  knife. 
On  the  walls  around  the  apartment  were 
suspended  a  goodly  assortment  of  bonnets, 
cloaks,  gowns,  and  petticoats. 

Meantime  an  elderly  little  man  came  in 
with  a  cap  on  his  head  and  a  long  staff  in 
his  hand,  and  stood  looking  on  with  cari- 
osity. On  the  table  lay  a  pack  of  cards 
beside  the  bowls,  cups,  and  other  crockery- 
ware.  Some  of  the  girls  appeared  as  if 
they  had  lately  been  servants  in  respect- 
able situations,  and  one  was  like  a  quiet 
genteel  shop  girl.  They  were  all  prosti- 
tutes, and  most  of  them  prowl  about  at 
night  to  plunder  drunken  men.  As  we 
looked  on  the  more  interesting  girls,  espe- 
cially two  of  them,  we  saw  the  sad  conse- 
quences of  one  wrong  step,  which  may 
launch  the  young  and  thoughtless  into  a 
criminal  career,  and  drive  them  into  the 
dismal  companionship  of  the  most  lewd 
and  debased. 

We  then  went  to  Short's  Gardens,  and 
entered  a  house  there.  On  the  basement 
underground  we  saw  a  company  of  men, 
women,  and  children  of  various  ages,  seated 
around  the  tables,  and  by  the  fire.  The 
men  and  women  had  mostly  been  engaged 
in  hopping,  and  appeared  to  be  healthy, 
industrious,  and  orderly.  Until  lately 
thieves  used  to  lodge  in  these  premises. 

As  we  entered  Queen  Street  we  saw'  three 
thieves,  lads  of  about  fourteen  years  of  age, 
standing  in  the  middle  of  the  street  as  if 
on  the  outlook  for  booty.  They  were 
dressed  in  black  frock-coats,  corduroy,  -and 
fustian  trousers,  and  black  caps.  Passing 
along  Queen  Street,  which  is  one  of  the 
wings  of  the  Dials,  we  went  up  to  the 
central  space  between  the  Seven  Dials. 
Here  a  very  lively  scene  presented  itself  to 


our  view  ;  clusters  of  labouring  men,  and  a 
few  men  of  doubtful  character,  in  dark 
shabby  dress,  loitered  by  the  corners  of  the 
surrounding  streets.  We  also  saw  groups 
of  elderly  women  standing  at  some  of  the 
angles,  most  of  them  ragged  and  drunken, 
their  very  countenances  the  pictures  of 
abject  misery.  The  numerous  public- 
houses  in  the  locality  were  driving  a  busy 
traffic,  and  were  thronged  with  motley 
groups  of  people  of  various  grades,  from 
the  respectable  merchant  and  tradesman  to 
the  thief  and  the  beggar. 

Bands  of  boys  and  girls  were  gamboling 
in  the  street  in  wild  frolic,  tumbling  on 
their  head  with  their  heels  in  the  air,  and 
shouting  in  merriment,  while  the  policeman 
was  quietly  looking  on  in  good  humour. 

Around  the  centre  of  the  Dials  were 
bakers'  shops  with  large  illuminated  fronts, 
the  shelves  being  covered  with  loaves,  and 
the  baker  busy  attending  to  his  customers. 
In  the  window  was  a  large  printed  notice 
advertising  the  "  best  wheaten  bread  a,t6d." 
a  loaf.  A  druggist's  shop  was  invitingly 
adorned  with  beautiful  green  and  purple 
jars,  but  no  customers  entered  during  the 
time  of  our  stay. 

At  the  corner  of  an  opposite  dial  was  an 
old  clothes  store,  with  a  large  assortment 
of  second-hand  garments,  chiefly  for  men, 
of  various  kinds,  qualities,  and  styles,  sus- 
pended around  the  front  of  the  shop. 
There  were  also  provision  shops,  which 
were  well  attended  with  customers.  The 
whole  neighbourhood  presented  an  appear- 
ance of  bustle  and  animation,  and  omni- 
buses and  other  vehicles  were  passing 
along  in  a  perpetual  stream. 

The  most  of  the  low  girls  in  this  locality 
do  not  go  out  till  late  in  the  evening,  and 
chiefly  devote  their  attention  to  drunken 
men.  They  frequent  the  principal  thorough- 
fares in  the  vicinity  of  Oxford  Street,  Hol- 
born,  Farringdon  Street,  and  other  bustling 
streets.  From  the  nature  of  their  work  they 
are  of  a  migratory  character.  The  most  of 
the  men  we  saw  in  the  houses  we  visited  be- 
long to  the  labouring  class,  men  employed 
to  assist  in  cleaning  cabs  and  omnibuses, 
carriers  of  advertising  boards,  distributors 
of  bills,  patterers,  chickweed  sellers,  ballad 
singers,  and  persons  generally  of  industrious 
habits,  along  with  a  few  of  doubtfid  cha- 
racter. They  are  willing  to  work,  but  will 
steal  rather  than  want. 

The  lodging-house  people  here  have  not 
been  known  of  late  years  to  receive  stolen 
property,  and  the  inhabitants  generally  are 
steadily  rising  in  habits  of  decency,  cleanli- 
ness, and  morality. 

The  houses  we  visited  in  George  Street, 


LONDON  LABOVit  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


299 


and  the  streets  adjacent,  were  formerly  part 
of  the  rookery  of  St.  Giles-in-the-Fields, 
celebrated  as  one  of  the  chief  haunts  of 
redoutable  thieves  and  suspicious  charac- 
ters in  London.  Deserted  as  it  compara- 
tively is  now,  except  by  the  labouring  poor 
vagrants  and  low  prostitutes,  it  was  once 
the  resort  of  all  classes,  from  the  proud 
noble  to  the  beggar  picking  up  a  livelihood 
from  door  to  door. 

We  have  been  indebted  to  Mr.  Hunt,  in- 
spector of  the  lodging-houses  of  this  dis- 
trict, for  fuller  information  regarding  the 
rookery  of  St.  Giles  and  its  inhabitants 
twenty  years  ago,  before  a  number  of  these 
disreputable  streets  were  removed  to  make 
way  for  New  Oxford  Street.  We  quote 
from  a  manuscript  nearly  in  his  own  words  : 
— "  The  ground  covered  by  the  Rookery  was 
enclosed  by  Great  Russell  Street,  Charlotte 
Street,  Broad  Street,  and  High  Street,  all 
within  the  parish  of  St.  Giles-in-the-Fields. 
Within  this  space  were  George  Street  (once 
Dyott  Street),  Carrier  Street,  Maynard 
Street,  and  Church  Street,  which  ran  from 
north  to  south,  and  were  intersected  by 
Church  Lane,  Ivy  Lane,  Buckeridge  Street, 
Bainbridge  Street,  and  New  Street.  These, 
with  an  almost  endless  intricacy  of  courts 
and  yards  crossing  each  other,  rendered  the 
place  like  a  rabbit-warren. 

"  In  Buckeridge  Street  stood  the  '  Hare 
and  Hounds'  public-house,  formerly  the 
'  Beggar  in  the  Bush  ;'  at  the  time  of  which 
I  speak  (1844)  kept  by  the  well-known  and 
much- respected  Joseph  Banks  (generally 
called  '  Stunning  Joe  '),  a  civil,  rough,  good- 
hearted  Boniface.  His  house  was  the  re- 
sort of  all  classes,  from  the  aristocratic 
marquis  to  the  vagabond  whose  way  of 
living  was  a  puzzle  to  himself. 

"  At  the  opposite  corner  of  Carrier  Street 
stood  Mother  Dowling's,  a  lodging-house 
and  provision  shop,  which  was  not  closed 
nor  the  shutters  put  on  for  several  years 
before  it  was  pulled  down,  to  make  way  for 
the  improvements  in  New  Oxford  Street. 
....  The  shop  was  frequented  by  vag- 
rants of  every  class,  including  foreigners, 
who,  with  moustache,  well-brushed  hat,  and 
seedy  clothes — consisting  usually  of  a  frock- 
coat  buttoned  to  the  chin,  light  trousers, 
and  boots  gaping  at  each  lofty  step— might 
be  seen  making  their  way  to  Buckeridge 
Street  to  regale  upon  cabbage,  which  had 
been  boiled  with  a  ferocious  pig's  head  or 
a  fine  piece  of  salt  beef.  From  12  to  1 
o'clock  at  midnight  was  chosen  by  these 
ragged  but  proud  gentlemen  from  abroad 
as  the  proper  time  for  a  visit  to  Mrs.  Dow- 
ling's. 

"  Most  of  the  houses  in  Buckeridge  Street 


were  lodging-houses  for  thieves,  prosti- 
tutes, and  cadgers.  The  charge  was  four- 
pence  a  night  in  the  upper  rooms,  and 
threepence  in  the  cellars,  as  the  basements 
were  termed.  If  the  beds  were  occupied 
six  nights  by  the  same  parties,  and  all  dues 
paid,  the  seventh  night  (Sunday)  was  not 
charged  for.  The  rooms  were  crowded, 
and  paid  well.  I  remember  seeing  fourteen 
women  in  beds  in  a  cellar,  each  of  whom 
paid  3d.  a  night,  which,  Sunday  free, 
amounted  to  21s.  per  week.  The  furniture 
in  this  den  might  have  originally  cost  the 
proprietor  7L  or  SI.  At  the  time  I  last 
visited  it,  it  was  not  worth  more  than  30.s. 

"  Both  sides  of  Buckeridge  Street  a- 
bounded  in  courts,  particulaiTy  the  north 
side,  and  these,  with  the  connected  back- 
yards and  low  walls  in  the  rear  of  the  street, 
aftbrded  an  easy  escape  to  any  thief  when 
pursued  by  officers  of  justice.  I  remember 
on  one  occasion,  in  1844,  a  notorious  thief 
was  wanted  by  a  weU-known  criminal  officer 
(Restieaux).  He  was  known  to  associate 
with  some  cadgers  who  used  a  house  in  the 
rear  of  Paddy  Corvan's,  near  Church  Street, 
and  was  believed  to  be  in  the  house  when 
Restieaux  and  a  serjeant  entered  it.  They 
went  into  the  kitchen  where  seven  male 
and  five  female  thieves  were  seated,  along 
with  several  cadgers  of  the  most  cunning 
class.  One  of  them  made  a  signal,  indicat- 
ing that  some  one  had  escaped  by  the  back 
of  the  premises,  in  which  direction  the 
officers  proceeded.  It  was  evident  the 
thief  had  gone  over  a  low  wall  into  an  ad- 
joining yard.  The  pursuers  climbed  over, 
passed  through  the  yards  and  back  pre- 
mises of  eleven  houses,  and  secured  him  in 
Jones  Court.  There  were  about  twenty 
persons  present  at  the  time  of  the  arrest, 
but  they  offered  no  resistance  to  the  con- 
stables. It  would  have  been  a  different 
matter  had  he  been  apprehended  by 
strangers. 

"  In  Bainbridge  Street,  one  side  of  which 
was  nearly  occupied  by  the  immense 
brewery  of  Meux  &  Co.,  were  found  some 
of  the  most  intricate  and  dangerous  places 
in  this  low  locality.  The  most  notorious 
of  these  was  Jones  Court,  inhabited  by 
coiners,  utterers  of  base  coin,  and  thieves. 
In  former  years  a  buU  terrier  was  kept 
here,  which  gave  an  alarm  on  the  appear- 
ance of  a  stranger,  when  the  coining  was 
suspended  till  the  course  was  clear.  This 
dog  was  at  last  taken  away  by  Duke  and 
Clement,  two  police  officers,  and  destroyed 
by  an  order  from  a  magistrate. 

"  The  houses  in  Jones  Court  were  con- 
nected by  roof,  yard,  and  cellar  with  those 
in  Bainbridge  and  Buckeridge  streets,  and 


300 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOlt, 


with  eacli  other  in  such  a  manner  that  the 
apprehension  of  an  inmate  or  refugee  in  one 
of  them  was  almost  a  task  of  impossibiUty 
to  a  stranger,  and  difficult  to  those  well 
acquainted  with  the  interior  of  the  dwell- 
ings. In  one  of  the  cellars  was  a  large  cess- 
l^ool,  covered  in  such  a  way  that  a  stranger 
would  likely  step  into  it.  In  the  same 
cellar  was  a  hole  about  two  feet  square, 
leading  to  the  next  cellar,  and  thence  by  a 
similar  hole  into  the  cellar  of  a  house  in 
Scott's  Court,  Buckeridge  Street.  These 
aflbrded  a  ready  means  of  escape  to  a  thief, 
but  effectually  stopped  the  pursuers,  who 
would  be  put  to  the  risk  of  creeping  on  his 
hands  and  knees  through  a  hole  two  feet 
square  in  a  dark  ceUar  in  St, Giles's  Rookery, 
entirely  in  the  power  of  dangerous  charac- 
ters. Other  houses  were  connected  in  a 
similar  manner.  In  some  instances  there 
was  a  communication  from  one  back  win- 
dow to  another  by  means  of  large  spike 
nails,  one  row  to  hold  by,  and  another  for 
the  feet  to  rest  on,  which  were  not  known 
to  be  used  at  the  time  we  refer  to. 

*'  In  Church  Street  were  several  houses 
let  to  men  of  an  honest  but  poor  class,  who 
worked  in  omnibus  and  cab-yards,  factories, 
and  such  other  places  as  did  not  afford  them 
the  means  of  procuring  more  expensive 
lodgings.  Their  apartments  were  clean, 
and  their  way  of  living  frugal. 

"  Other  houses  of  a  less  reputable  charac- 
ter were  very  numerous.  One  stood  at  the 
corner  of  Church  Street  and  Lawrence 
Street,  occupied  by  the  most  infamous  cha- 
racters of  the  district.  On  entering  the 
house  from  Lawrence  Lane,  and  proceeding 
upstairs,  you  would  find  on  each  floor  seve- 
ral rooms  connected  by  a  kind  of  gallery, 
each  rooni  rented  by  prostitutes.  These 
apartments  were  0]3en  to  those  girls  w^ho 
had  fleeced  any  poor  drunken  man  who  had 
been  induced  to  accompany  them  to  this 
den  of  infamy.  When  they  had  plundered 
the  poor  dupe,  he  was  ejected  without  cere- 
mony by  the  others  who  resided  in  the 
room  ;  often  without  a  coat  or  hat,  some- 
times without  his  trousers,  and  occasionally 
left  on  the  staircase  naked  as  he  was  born. 
In  this  house  the  grossest  scenes  of  profli- 
gacy were  transacted.  In  pulling  it  down 
a  hole  was  discovered  in  the  wall  opening 
into  a  timber-yard  which  fronted  High 
Street — a  convenient  retreat  for  any  one 
pursued. 

"  Opposite  to  this  was  the  "  Piose  and 
Crown"  public-house,  resorted  to  by  all 
classes  of  the  light-fingered  gentry,  from 
the  mobsman  and  his  "  Amelia ''  to  the 
lowest  of  the  street  thieves  and  his  "  Poll," 
In  the  tap-room  might  be  seen  Black  Charlie 


the  fiddler,  with  ten  or  a  dozen  lads  and 
lasses  enjoying  the  dance,  and  singing  and 
smoking  over  potations  of  gin-and-water, 
more  or  less  plentiful  according  to  the  pro- 
ceeds of  the  previous  night — all  apparently 
free  from  care  in  their  wild  carousals.  The 
cheek  waxed  pale  when  the  policeman 
opened  the  door  and  glanced  round  the 
room,  but  when  he  departed  the  merri- 
ment would  be  resumed  with  vigour. 

"  The  kitchens  of  some  houses  in  Bucke- 
ridge Street  afforded  a  specimen  of  life  in 
London  rarely  seen  elsewhere  even  in  Lon- 
don, though  some  in  Church  Lane  do  so 
now  on  a  smaller  scale.  The  kitchen,  a 
long  apartment  usually  on  the  ground-floor, 
had  a  large  coke  fire,  along  with  a  sink, 
water-tap,  one  or  two  tables,  several  forms, 
a  variety  of  saucepans,  and  other  cooking 
utensils,  and  was  lighted  with  a  gas  jet. 
There  in  the  evenings  suppers  were  dis- 
cussed by  the  cadgers  an  alderman  might 
almost  have  envied — rich  steaks  and  onions, 
mutton  and  pork  chops,  fried  potatoes, 
sausages,  cheese,  celery,  and  other  articles 
of  fare,  with  abundance  of  porter,  half-and- 
half,  and  tobacco. 

"  In  the  morning  they  often  sat  down  to 
a  breakfast  of  tea,  coffee,  eggs,  rashers  of 
bacon,  dried  fish,  fresh  butter,  and  other 
good  things  which  would  be  considered 
luxuries  by  working  people,  when  each  dis- 
cussed his  plans  for  the  day's  rambles,  and 
arranged  as  to  the  exchange  of  garments, 
bandages,  &c.,  considered  necessary  to  pre- 
vent recognition  in  those  neighbourhoods 
recently  worked. 

"  Their  dinners  were  taken  in  the  course 
of  their  rounds,  consisting  generally  of  the 
best  of  the  broken  victuals  given  them  by 
the  compassionate,  and  were  eaten  on 
one  of  the  door-steps  of  some  respectable 
street,  after  which  they  would  resort  to 
some  obscure  public-house  or  beer-shop 
in  a  back  street  or  alley  to  partake  of  some 
liquor. 

"  Heaps  of  good  food  were  brought  home 
and  thrown  on  a  side-table,  or  into  a  cor- 
ner, as  unfit  to  be  eaten  by  those  "  profes- 
sional "  cadgers, — food  which  thousands  of 
the  working  men  of  London  would  have 
been  thankful  for.  It  was  given  to  the 
children  who  visited  these  lodging-houses. 
The  finer  viands,  such  as  pieces  of  fancy 
bread,  rolls,  kidneys,  mutton  and  lamb,  the 
gentlemen  of  the  establishment  reserved 
for  their  own  more  fastidious  palates. 

"  On  Sundays  many  of  the  cadgers  staid 
at  home  till  night.  They  spent  the  day  at 
cards,  shove-halfpenn)^,  tossing,  and  other 
amusements.  Sometimes  five  or  six  shil- 
li]i"S  were  staked  on  the   table  among  a 


t— I 

H 
p 

H 

o 

w 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


301 


pai*tj  of  about  ten  of  them  at  cards,  al- 
though coppers  were  the  usual  stakes.  .  .  . 
The  life  of  a  cadger  is  not  in  many  instances 
a  life  of  privation.  I  do  not  speak  (says 
Mr.  Hunt)  of  tlie  really  distressed,  to  whose 
wants  too  little  attention  is  sometimes  paid. 
I  allude  to  beggars  by  profession,  who  pre- 
fer a  life  of  mendicancy  to  any  other.  There 
are  among  them  sailors,  whose  largest  voy- 
age has  been  to  Tothill  Fields  prison,  or  to 
Gravesend  on  a  pleasure  trip.  Cripples 
with  their  arms  in  slings,  or  feet,  swathed 
in  blood-stained  rags,  swollen  to  double  the 
size,  who  may  be  seen  dancing  when  in 
their  lodging  at  their  evening  revels.  You 
may  see  poor  Irish  with  from  five  to  thirty 
sovereigns  in  a  bag  hung  round  their  necks 
or  in  the  waistband  of  their  trousers ; 
women  who  carry  hired  babes,  or  it  may 
be  a  bundle  of  clothing  resembling  a  child, 
on  their  back  and  breast,  and  other  such- 
like impostors. 

"  Between  Buckeridge  Street  and  Church 
Lane  stood  Ivy  Lane,  leading  from  George 
Street  to  Carrier  Street,  communicating 
with  the  latter  by  a  small  gateway.  Clark's 
Court  was  on  its  left,  and  Eats'  Castle  on 
its  right.  This  castle  was  a  large  dirty 
building  occupied  by  thieves  and  prosti- 
tutes, and  boys  who  lived  by  plunder.  On 
the  removal  of  these  buildings,  in  1845,  the 
massive  foundations  of  an  hospital  were 
found,  which  had  been  built  in  the  12th 
century  by  Matilda,  Queen  of  Henry  the 
First,  daughter  of  Malcolm  King  of  Scot- 
land, for  persons  afflicted  with  leprosy. 

"  At  this  place  criminals  were  allowed  a 
bowl  of  ale  on  their  way  from  Newgate  to 
Tyburn. 

"  Maynard  Street  and  Carrier  Street  were 
occupied  by  costermongers  and  a  few 
thieves  and  cadgers.  George  Street,  part 
of  which  still  stands,  consisted  of  lodgmg- 
houses  for  tramps,  thieves,  and  beggars,  to- 
gether with  a  few  brothels." 

From  George  Street  to  High  Street  runs 
a  mews  called  Hampshire-Hog  Yard,  where 
there  is  an  old  established  lodging-house 
for  single  men,  poor  but  honest. 

The  portion  of  the  rookery  now  remain- 
ing, consisting  of  Church  Lane,  with  its 
courts,  a  small  part  of  Carrier  Street,  and  a 
smaller  portion  of  one  side  of  Church  Street, 
is  now  more  densely  crowded  than  when 
Buckeridge  Street  and  its  neighbourhood 
were  in  existence.  The  old  Crown  public- 
house  in  Church  Lane,  formerly  the  resort 
of  the  most  notorious  cadgers,  was  in  1851 
inhabited  by  Irish  people,  where  often  from 
twelve  to  thirty  persons  lodged  in  a  room. 
At  the  back  of  this  public-house  is  a  yard, 
on  the  right-hand  side  of  which  is  an  apart- 


ment then  occupied  by  thirty-eight  men, 
women,  and  children,  all  lying  indiscrimi- 
nately on  the  floor. 

Speaking  of  other  houses  in  this  neigh- 
bourhood in  1851,  Mr.  Hunt  states:  "I 
have  frequently  seen  as  many  as  sixteen 
people  in  a  room  about  twelve  feet  by  ten, 
these  numbers  being  exceeded  in  larger 
rooms.  Many  lay  on  loose  straw  littered 
on  the  floor,  their  heads  to  the  wall  and 
their  feet  to  the  centre,  and  decency  was 
entirely  unknown  among  them." 

Now,  however,  the  district  is  consider- 
ably changed,  the  inhabitants  are  rapidly 
rising  in  decency,  cleanliness,  and  order, 
and  the  Rookery  of  St.  Giles  will  soon  be 
ranked  among  the  memories  of  the  past. 


Nabkative  of  a  London  Sneak, 
Common  Thief. 


OR 


The  following  narrative  was  given  us  by  a 
convicted  thief,  who  has  for  years  wandered 
over  the  streets  of  London  as  a  ballad 
singer,  and  has  resided  in  the  low  lodging- 
houses  scattered  over  its  lowest  districts. 
He  was  a  poor  wretched  creature,  degraded 
in  condition,  of  feeble  intellect,  and  worth- 
less character,  we  picked  up  in  a  low  lodg- 
ing house  in  Drury  Lane.  He  was  shabbily 
dressed  in  a  pair  of  old  corduroy  trousers, 
old  brown  coat,  black  shabby  vest,  faded 
grey  neckerchief,  an  old  dark  cap  and  peak, 
and  unwashed  shirt.  For  a  few  shillings  he 
was  very  ready  to  tell  us  the  sad  story  of 
his  miserable  life. 

"I  was  born  at  Abingdon,  near  Oxford, 
where  my  father  was  a  bricklayer,  and  kept 

the  N n  public-house.    He  died  when 

I  Avas  fourteen  years  of  age  ;  I  was  sent  to 
school  and  was  taught  to  read,  but  not  to 
write.  At  this  time  I  was  a  steady,  well- 
conducted  boy.  At  fourteen  years  of  age  I 
went  to  work  with  my  uncle,  a  basket- 
maker  and  rag  merchant  in  Abingdon,  and 
lived  with  my  mother.  I  wrought  there 
for  three  years,  making  baskets  and  cat- 
ting willows  for  them.  I  left  my  uncle 
then,  as  he  had  not  got  any  more  work  for 
me  to  do,  and  was  living  idle  with  my 
mother.  At  this  time  I  went  with  a  Cheap 
John  to  the  fairs,  and  travelled  with  him 
the  whole  of  that  season.  He  was  a  Lan- 
cashire man,  between  fifty  and  sixty  years 
of  age,  and  had  a  woman  who  travelled 
the  country  with  him,  but  I  do  not  think 
they  were  married.  He  was  a  tall,  dark- 
complexioned  man,  and  was  a  *  duffer,'  very 
unprmcipled  in  his  dealings.  He  sold 
cutlery,  books,  stationery,  and  hardware. 

"When  we  were  going  from  one  fair  to 
another,  we  would  stop  on  the  road   and 


o0'2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


lis  goods,  and  handed  them 


make  a  fire,  and  steal  fowls  and  potatoes,  or 
any  green-stuff  that  was  in  season.  We 
sometimes  travelled  along  with  gipsies, 
occasionally  to  the  number  of  fifty  or  sixty 
in  a  gang.  The  gipsies  are  a  curious 
sort  of  people,  and  would  not  let  you  con- 
nect with  any  of  them  unless  they  saw  you 
were  to  remain  among  them. 

"  I  assisted  Cheap  John  in  the  markets 
when  selling 
to  the  purchasers. 

"  The  first  thing  I  ever  pilfered  was  a 
pair  of  boots  and  a  handkerchief  from  a 
drunken  man  who  lay  asleep  at  a  fair  in 
Heading,  in  Berks.  He  was  lying  at  the 
back  of  a  booth  and  no  one  near  him. 
This  was  about  dusk  in  September.  I 
pawned  the  boots  at  Windsor  on  the  day  of  a 
fair  for  3s.,  and  sold  the  handkerchief  for  Is. 

"I  was  about  seventeen  years  of  age 
when  I  went  with  Cheap  John,  and  remained 
with  him  about  thirteen  weeks,  when  I  left, 
on  account  of  a  row  I  had  with  him.  I 
liked  this  employment  very  well,  got  2s.  in 
the  pound  for  my  trouble,  and  sometimes 
had  from  1/.  to  25s.  a  week.  But  the  fairs 
were  only  occasional,  and  the  money  I 
earned  was  very  precarious. 

"I  left  Cheap  John  at  Windsor,  and 
came  to  Slough  with  a  horse-dealer,  where 
I  left  him.  He  gave  me  2s.  for  assisting 
him.  I  then  came  up  to  London,  where  1 
have  lived  ever  since  in  the  lodging-houses 
in  the  different  localities.  I  remember  on 
coming  to  this  great  city  I  was  much  asto- 
nished at  its  wonders,  and  every  street  ap- 
peared to  me  like  a  fair.  On  coming  to 
London  I  had  no  money,  and  had  not  any 
friend  to  assist  me.  I  went  to  Kensington 
workhouse,  and  got  a  night's  lodging,  and 
lived  for  about  a  fortnight  at  difierent 
workhouses  in  London.  They  used  to  give 
the  lodgers  a  piece  of  bread  at  night,  and 
another  in  the  morning,  and  a  night's 
lodging  on  straw  and  boards. 

"  I  then  went  out  singing  ballads  in  the 
streets  of  London,  and  could  get  at  an 
average  from  2s.  to  2s.  6d.  a  night,  but 
when  the  evenings  were  wet,  I  could  not 
get  anything.  In  the  winter  I  sang  in  the 
daytime,  and  in  summer  I  went  out  in  the 
evening.  I  have  wandered  in  this  way 
over  many  of  the  streets  and  thoroughfares 
of  London.  I  sing  in  Marylebone,  Somers 
Town,  Camden  Town,  Paddington,  White- 
cross  Street,  City,  Hammersmith,  Com- 
mercial Road,  and  Whitechapel,  and  live  at 
different  lodgings,  and  make  them  my  home 
as  1  move  along.  I  sing  different  kinds  of 
songs,  sentimental  and  comic  ;  my  favour- 
ites are  '  Gentle  Annie,'  '  She's  reckoned  a 
good  hand  at  it,'  'The  Dandy  Husband,' 


*  The  Week's  Matrimony,'  *  The  Old  Wo- 
man's Sayings,'  and  '  John  Bull  and  the 
Taxes.'  I  often  sing  '  The  Dark-eyed 
Sailor,'  and  'The  Female  Cabin  Boy.'  For 
many  years  now  I  have  lived  by  singing  in 
the  public  street,  sometimes  by  myself,  at 
other  times  with  a  mate.  I  occasionally 
beg  in  Piegent  Street  and  Bond  Street  on 
the  '  fly,'  that  is,  follow  people  passing 
along,  and  sometimes  in  Oxford  Street  and 
Holborn.  Sometimes  I  get  a  little  job  to 
do  from  people  at  various  kinds  of  handi- 
work, such  as  turning  the  wheel  to  polish 
steel,  and  irons,  &c.,  and  do  other  kinds  of 
job  work.  When  hard  up  I  pick  pockets 
of  handkerchiefs,  by  myself  or  with  one  or 
two  mates.  [In  the  course  of  our  inter- 
view we  saw  He  was  very  clumsy  at  picking 
pockets.]  I  sometimes  go  out  with  the 
young  dark-complexioned  lad  you  saw 
down  stairs,  who  is  very  clever  at  pocket 
picking,  and  has  been  often  convicted 
before  the  criminal  courts. 

"  I  have  spent  many  years  living  in  the 
low  lodging-houses  of  London.  The  worst 
I  ever  saw  was  in  Keat  Street,  White- 
chapel, about  nine  years  ago,  before  they 
were  reformed  and  changed.  Numbers 
were  then  crowded  into  the  di  lie  rent  rooms, 
and  the  floors  were  littered  with  naked 
people  of  all  ages,  and  of  both  sexes,  men 
and  women,  and  boys  and  girls  sleeping 
alongside  indiscriminately.  It  was  very 
common  to  see  young  boys  and  girls  sleep- 
ing together.  The  conversations  that 
j^assed  between  them,  and  the  scenes  that 
were  transacted,  were  enough  to  contami- 
nate the  morals  of  the  young. 

"  In  the  morning  they  used  to  go  to 
their  different  haunts  over  the  city,  some 
begging,  and  others  thieving. 

"  On  Sunday  evenings  the  only  books 
read  were  such  as  '  Jack  Sheppard,'  '  Dick 
Turpin,'  and  the  '  Newgate  Calendar '  they 
got  out  of  the  neighbouring  libraries  by 
depositing  Is.  These  were  read  Avith  much 
interest ;  the  lodgers  would  sooner  have 
these  than  any  other  books.  I  never  saw- 
any  of  them  go  to  church  on  Sundays. 
Sometimes  one  or  two  would  go  to  the 
ragged-school,  such  as  the  one  in  Field 
Lane  near  Smithfield. 

"  It  often  happened  a  man  left  his  wife, 
and  she  came  to  the  lodging-house  and  got 
a  livehhood  by  begging.  Some  days  she 
would  glean  2s.  or  3s.,  and  at  other  times 
would  not  get  a  halfiDenny. 

"The  thieves  were  seldom  in  the  lodging- 
house,  except  to  meals  and  at  bedtime. 
They  lived  on  better  fare  than  the  beggars, 
The  pickpocket  lives  better  than  the  sneak- 
ing thief,  and  the  pickpocket  is   thought 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB, 


303 


more  of  in  the  lodging-houses  and  prisons 
than  the  beggar. 

"The  lowest  pic"kpockets  often  lived  in 
these  low  lodging-houses,  some  of  them 
young  lads,  and  others  middle-aged  men. 
The  young  pickpockets,  if  clever,  soon  leave 
the  lodging-houses  and  take  a  room  in  some 
locality,  as  at  Somers  Town,  Marylebone, 
the  Burgh,  Whitechapel,  or  Westminster. 
The  pickpockets  in  lodging-houses,  for  the 
most  part,  are  stockbuzzers,  i.e.,  stealers  of 
handkerchiefs. 

"  I  have  often  seen  the  boys  picking  each 
others'  pockets  for  diversion  in  the  lodging- 
houses,  many  of  them  from  ten  to  eleven 
years  of  age. 

"  There  are  a  great  number  of  sneaks  in 
the  lodging-houses.  Two  of  them  go  out 
together  to  the  streets,  one  of  them  keeps 
a  look-out  while  the  other  steals  some 
article,  shoes,  vest,  or  coat,  &c.,  from  the 
shop  or  stall.  I  sometimes  go  out  with  a 
mate  and  take  a  pair  of  boots  at  a  shop-door 
and  sell  them  to  the  pawnbroker,  or  to  a 
labouring  man  passing  in  the  street. 

"Sometimes  I  have  known  the  lodgers 
make  up  a  packet  of  sawdust  and  put  in  a 
little  piece  of  tobacco  to  cover  an  opening, 
leaving  only  the  tobacco  to  be  seen  looking 
through,  and  sell  it  to  persons  passing  by 
in  the  street  as  a  packet  of  tobacco. 

"When  I  am  hard  up  I  have  gone  out 
and  stolen  a  loaf  at  a  baker's  shop,  or 
chandler's  shop,  and  taken  it  to  my  lodging. 
I  have  often  stolen  handkerchiefs,  silk  and 
cambric,  from  gentlemen's  pockets. 

"  I  once  stole  a  silver  snuff-box  from  a 
man's  coat-pocket,  and  on  one  occasion 
took  a  pocket-book  with  a  lot  of  papers  and 
postage  stamps.  I  burnt  the  papers  and 
sold  the  stamps  for  about  Is.  Qd. 


"  I  never  had  clothes  respectable  enough 
to  try  purses  and  watches,  and  did  not 
have  nerve  for  it.  I  have  seen  young 
thieves  encouraged  by  people  vvho  kept  the 
lodging-houses,  such  as  at  Keat  Street, 
Whitechapel,  and  at  the  Mint.  They 
would  ask  the  boys  if  they  had  anything, 
and  wish  them  to  sell  it  to  them,  which 
was  generally  done  at  an  under-price.  In 
these  lodging-houses  some  lived  very  v/ell, 
and  others  were  starving  Some  had  steaks 
and  pickles,  and  plenty  of  drink,  porter 
and  ale,  eggs  and  bacon,  and  cigars  to 
smoke.  Some  of  the  poorest  go  out  and 
get  a  pennyworth  of  bread,  halfpennyworth 
of  tea,  halfpennyworth  of  butter,  and  half- 
pennyworth of  sugar,  and  perhaps  not 
have  a  halfpenny  left  to  pay  for  their 
lodging  at  night.  When  they  do  get  money 
they  often  go  out  and  spend  it  in  drink, 
and  perhaps  the  next  night  are  starving 
again. 

"  I  have  been  tried  for  stealing  a  quart 
pot  and  a  handkerchief,  at  Bagnigge  Wells 
police  station,  and  was  taken  to  Vine  Street 
police  station  for  stealing  2s.  Qd.  from  a 
drunken  woman  respectably  dressed.  I 
took  it  out  of  her  hand,  and  was  seen  by  a 
policeman,  who  ran  after  me  and  overtook 
me,  but  the  woman  refused  to  prosecute 
me,  and  I  was  discharged.  1  was  also 
brought  before  Marylebone  police-court  for 
begging. 

"  In  my  present  lodging  I  am  pretty 
comfortable.  We  spend  our  evenings  tell- 
ing tales  and  conversing  to  each  other  on 
our  wanderings,  and  playing  at  games,  such 
as  '  hunt  the  slipper.'  I  have  often  been 
in  great  want,  and  have  been  driven  to 
steal  to  get  a  livelihood." 


PICKPOCKETS  AND  SHOPLIFTERS. 


In  tracing  the  pickpocket  from  the  beginning 
of  his  career,  in  most  cases  we  must  turn 
our  attention  to  the  little  ragged  boys  living 
by  a  felon's  hearth,  or  herding  with  other 
young  criminals  in  a  low  lodging-house,  or 
dwelling  in  the  cold  and  comfortless  home 
of  drunken  and  improvident  parents.  The 
great  majority  of  the  pickpockets  of  the 
metropolis,  with  few  exceptions,  have 
sprung  fi'om  the  dregs  of  society — from 
the  hearths  and  homes  of  London  thieves 
— so  that  they  have  no  reason  to  be  proud  of 


their  lineage.  Fifteen  or  twenty  5^ears  ago 
many  of  those  accomplished  pickpockets, 
dressed  in  the  highest  style  of  fashion, 
and  ghttering  in  gold  chains,  studs,  and 
rings,  who  walk  around  the  Bank  of  Eng- 
land and  along  Cheapside,  and  our  busy 
thoroughfares,  were  poor  ragged  boys  walk- 
ing barefooted  among  the  dark  and  dirty 
slums  and  alleys  of  VVestminster  and  the 
Seven  Dials,  or  loitering  among  the  thieves' 
dens  of  the  Borough  and  Whitechapel. 
Step  by  step  they  have  emerged  from 


)u4 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH, 


their  rags  and  squalor  to  a  higher  position 
of  physical  comfort,  and  have  risen  to 
higher  dexterity  and  accomplishment  in 
their  base  and  ignoble  profession. 

We  say  there  are  a  few  exceptions  to  the 
general  rule,  that  the  most  of  our  habitual 
thieves  have  sprung  from  the  loins  of  felon 
parents.  We  blush  to  say  that  some  have 
joined  the  ranks  of  our  London  thieves,  and 
are  living  callous  in  open  crime,  who  were 
trained  in  the  homes  of  honest  and  indus- 
trious parents,  and  were  surrounded  in 
early  life  with  all  those  influences  which 
are  fitted  to  elevate  and  improve  the  mind. 
But  here  our  space  forbids  us  to  enlarge. 

The  chief  sources  whence  our  pickpockets 
spring  are  from  the  low  lodging-houses — 
from  those  dwellings  in  low  neighbour- 
hoods, where  their  parents  are  thieves, 
and  where  improvident  and  drunken  people 
neglect  their  children,  such  as  Whitechapel, 
Shoreditch,  Spitalfields,  New  Cut,  Lam- 
beth, the  Borough,  Clerkenwell,  Drury 
Lane,  and  other  localities.  Many  of  them 
are  the  children  of  Irish  parents,  coster- 
mongers,  bricklayers'  labourers,  and  others. 
They  often  begin  to  steal  at  six  or  seven 
years  of  age,  sometimes  as  early  as  live 
years,  and  commit  petty  sneaking  thefts, 
as  well  as  pick  handkerchiefs  from  gentle- 
men's pockets.  Many  of  these  ragged 
urchins  are  taught  to  steal  by  their  com- 
})anions,  others  are  taught  by  trainers  of 
thieves,  young  men  and  women,  and  some 
middle-aged  convicted  thieves.  They  are 
learned  to  be  expert  in  this  way.  A 
coat  is  suspended  on  the  wall  with  a  bell 
attached  to  it,  and  the  boy  attempts  to 
take  the  handkerchief  from  the  pocket 
without  the  bell  ringing.  Until  he  is  able 
to  do  this  with  proficiency  he  is  not  con- 
sidered ^vell  trained.  Another  way  in 
which  they  are  trained  is  this  :  The  trainer 
— if  a  man — walks  up  and  down  the  room 
with  a  handkerchief  in  the  tail  of  his  coat, 
and  the  ragged  boys  amuse  themselves 
abstracting  it  until  they  learn  to  do  it  in 
an  adroit  manner.  We  could  point  our 
finger  to  three  of  these  execrable  wretches, 
who  are  well  known  to  train  schools  of 
juvenile  thieves— one  of  them,  a  young 
man  at  Whitechapel ;  another,  a  young 
woman  at  Clerkenwell  ;  and  a  third,  a 
middle-aged  man  residing  about  Lambeth 
Walk.  These  base  wretches  buy  the  stolen 
handkerchiefs  from  the  boys  at  a  paltry 
sum.  Wo  have  also  heard  of  some  being 
taught  to  pick  pockets  by  means  of  an 
effigy ;  but  this  is  not  so  well  authenti- 
cated. 

Great  numbers  of  these  ragged  pick- 
pockets may  be  seen  loitering  about  our 


principal  streets,  ready  to  steal  from  a  stall 
or  shop-door  when  they  find  an  oppor- 
tunity. During  the  day  they  generally 
pick  pockets  two  or  three  in  a  little  baud, 
but  at  dusk  a  single  one  can  sometimes  do 
it  with  success.  They  not  only  steal  hand- 
kerchiefs of  various  kinds,  but  also  pocket- 
books  from  the  tails  of  gentlemen's  coats. 
We  may  see  them  occasionally  engaged  at 
this  work  on  Blackfriars  Bridge  and  London 
Bridge,  also  along  Bishopsgate,  Shoreditch, 
Whitechapel,  Drury  Lane,  and  similar  lo- 
calities. They  may  be  seen  at  any  hour  of 
the  day,  but  chiefly  from  10  to  2  o'clock. 
They  are  generally  actively  on  the  look-out 
on  Saturday  evening  in  the  shopping  streets 
where  the  labouring  people  get  their  pro- 
visions in  for  the  Sunday.  At  this  early 
stage  the  boys  occasionally  pick  pockets, 
and  go  about  cadging  and  sneaking  (beg- 
ging and  committing  petty  felonies). 

The  next  stage  commences — we  shall  say 
— about  fourteen  years  of  age,  when  the 
stripling  lays  aside  his  rags,  and  dresses  in 
a  more  decent  way,  though  rather  shabby. 
Perhaps  in  a  dark  or  gray  frock-coat,  dark  or 
dirty  tweed  trousers,  and  a  cap  with  peak, 
and  shoes.  At  this  time  many  of  them  go 
to  low  neighbourhoods,  or  to  those  quieter 
localities  where  the  labouring  people  re- 
side, and  pick  the  pockets  of  the  wives  and 
daughters  of  this  class  of  persons  ;  others 
steal  from  gentlemen  passing  along  tho- 
roughfares, while  a  few  adroit  lads  are  em- 
ployed by  men  to  steal  from  ladies'  pockets 
in  the  fashionable  streets  of  the  metro- 
polis. 

These  young  thieves  seldom  commit  their 
depredations  in  the  localities  where  they 
are  known,  but  prowl  in  different  parts  of 
the  metropolis.  They  are  of  a  wandering 
character,  changing  from  one  district  to 
another,  and  living  in  different  lodging- 
houses — often  leaving  their  parent's  houses 
as  early  as  ten  years  of  age.  Sometimes 
they  are  driven  by  drunken  loafing  parents 
to  steal,  though  in  most  cases  they  leave 
their  comfortless  homes  and  live  in  lodging- 
houses. 

AVhen  they  have  booty,  they  generally 
bring  it  to  some  person  to  dispose  of,  as 
suspicion  would  be  aroused  if  they  went  to 
sell  or  pawn  it  themselves.  In  some  cases 
they  give  it  to  the  trainer  of  thieves,  or 
they  take  it  to  some  low  receiving  house, 
where  wretches  encourage  them  in  steal- 
ing ;  sometimes  to  low  coffee-houses,  low 
hairdressers  or  tailors,  who  act  as  middle- 
men to  dispose  of  the  property,  generally 
giving  them  but  a  small  part  of  the  value. 

In  the  event  of  their  rambling  to  a  dis- 
tant part  of  London,  they  sometimes  ar- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


305 


range  to  get  one  of  their  number  to  convey 
the  stolen  goods  to  these  parties.  At  other 
times  they  dispose  of  them  to  low  wretches 
connected  with  the  lodging-houses,  or  other 
persons  in  disreputable  neighbourhoods. 

At  this  time  many  of  them  cohabit  with 
girls  in  low  lodging-houses  ;  many  of  whom 
are  older  than  themselves,  and  generally  of 
the  felon  class. 

These  lads  frequently  steal  at  the  "  tail  " 
of  gentlemen's  coats,  and  learn  the  other 
modes  of  picking  pockets. 

Stealing  the  handkerchief  from  the  "  tail " 
of  a  gentleman's  coat  in  the  street  is  gene- 
rally effected  in  this  way.  Three  or  four 
usually  go  together.  They  see  an  old 
gentleman  passing  hj.  One  remains  be- 
hind, while  the  other  two  follow  up  close 
beside  him,  but  a  little  behind.  The  one 
walking  by  himself  behind  is  the  looker  out 
to  see  if  there  are  any  police  or  detectives 
near,  or  if  any  one  passing  by  or  hovering 
around  is  taking  notice  of  them.  One  of 
the  two  walking  close  by  the  gentleman 
adroitly  picks  his  pocket,  and  coils  the 
handkerchief  up  in  his  hand  so  as  not  to  be 
seen,  while  the  other  brings  his  body  close 
to  him,  so  as  not  to  let  his  arm  be  seen  by 
any  passer  by. 

If  the  party  feel  him  taking  the  handker- 
chief from  his  pocket,  the  thief  passes  it 
quickly  to  his  companion,  who  runs  off 
with  it.  The  looker- out  walks  quietly  on 
as  if  nothing  had  occurred,  or  sometimes 
walks  up  to  the  gentleman  and  asks  him 
what  is  the  matter,  or  pretends  to  tell  him 
in  what  direction  the  thief  has  run,  point- 
ing him  to  a  very  different  direction  from 
the  one  he  has  taken. 

They  not  only  abstract  handkerchiefs 
but  also  pocketbooks  from  the  tail  of  gen- 
tlemen's coats,  or  any  other  article  they 
can  lay  their  lingers  on. 

This  is  the  common  way  in  which  the 
coat-pocket  is  picked  when  the  person  is 
proceeding  along  the  strest.  Sometimes  it 
happens  that  one  thief  will  work  by  him- 
self, but  this  is  very  seldom.  In  the  case 
of  a  person  standing,  the  coat-tail  pocket 
is  picked  mnch  in  the  same  manner. 

These  boys  in  most  cases  confine  them- 
selves to  stealing  from  the  coat-pocket 
on  the  streets,  but  in  the  event  of  a  crowd 
on  any  occasion,  they  are  so  bold  as  to 
steal  watches  from  the  vest-pocket.  This 
is  done  in  a  different  style,  and  generally  in 
the  company  of  two  or  three  in  this  manner : 
One  of  them  folds  his  arms  across  his 
breast  in  such  a  way  that  his  right  hand  is 
covered  with  his  left  arm.  This  enables 
him  to  use  his  hand  in  an  unobserved  way, 
so  that  he  is  thereby  able  to  abstract  the 


watch  from  the  vest-pocket  of  the  gentle- 
man standing  by  his  side. 

A  police-officer  informed  us,  that  when 
at  Cremorne  about  a  fortnight  .ago,  a 
large  concourse  of  people  was  assembled 
to  see  the  female  acrobat,  termed  the 
"  Female  Blondin,"  cross  the  Thames  on  a 
rope  suspended  over  the  river,  he  ob- 
served two  young  men  of  about  twenty-four 
years  of  age,  and  about  the  middle  height, 
respectably  dressed,  whom  he  suspected  to 
be  pickpockets.  They  went  up  to  a  smart 
gentlemanly  man  standing  at  the  riverside 
looking  eagerly  at  the  Female  Blondin, 
then  walking  the  rope  over  the  middle  of 
the  river.  As  his  attention  was  thus  ab- 
sorbed, the  detective  saw  these  two  men 
go  up  to  him.  One  of  them  placed  himself 
close  on  the  right  hand  side  of  him,  and 
putting  his  right  arm  under  his  left,  thus 
covered  his  right  hand,  and  took  the 
watch  gently  from  the  pocket  of  the  gen- 
tleman's vest.  The  thief  made  two  at- 
tempts to  break  the  ring  attached  to  the 
watch,  termed  the  "  bowl "  or  swivel,  with 
his  finger  and  thumb. 

After  two  ineffective  endeavours  he  bent 
it  completely  round,  and  yet  it  would  not 
break.  He  then  left  the  watch  hanging 
down  in  front  of  the  vest,  the  gentleman 
meanwhile  being  unaware  of  the  attempted 
felony.  The  detective  officer  took  both  the 
thieves  into  custody.  They  were  brought 
before  the  Westminsterpohce-court  and  sen- 
tenced each  to  three  months'  imprisonment 
for  an  attempt  to  steal  from  the  person. 

The  same  officer  informed  us  that  about 
a  month  or  six  weeks  ago,  in  the  same  place, 
on  a  similar  occasion,  he  observed  three 
persons,  a  man,  a  boy,  and  a  woman,  whom 
he  suspected  to  be  picking  pockets.  The 
man  was  about  twenty-eight  years  of  age, 
rather  under  the  middle  size.  The  woman 
hovered  by  his  side.  She  was  very  good- 
looking,  about  twenty-four  years  of  age, 
dressed  in  a  green  coloured  gown.  Paisley 
shawl,  and  straw  bonnet  trimmed  with  red 
velvet  and  red  flowers.  The  man  was 
dressed  in  a  black  frock-coat,  brown  trou- 
sers, and  black  hat.  The  boy,  who  hap- 
pened to  be  his  brother,  was  about  fourteen 
years  old,  dressed  in  a  brown  shooting -coat, 
corduroy  trousers,  and  black  cap  with  peak. 
The  boy  had  an  engaging  countenance,  with 
sharp  features  and  smart  manner.  The 
officer  observed  the  man  touch  the  boy  on 
the  shoulder  and  point  him  towards  an  old 
lady.  The  boy  placed  himself  on  her 
right  side,  and  the  man  and  woman  kept 
behind.  The  former  put  his  left  hand  into 
the  pocket  of  the  lady's  gown  and  drew 
nothing  from  it,  then  left  her  and  went 


306 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


about  two  yards  farther ;  there  he  placed 
himself  by  other  two  ladies,  tried  both 
their  pockets  and  left  them  again.  He  fol- 
lowed another  lady  and  succeeded  in  pick- 
ing her  pocket  of  a  small  sum  of  money  and 
a  handkerchief.  The  officer  took  them  all 
to  the  police  station  with  the  assistance  of 
another  detective  officer,  when  they  were 
committed  for  trial  at  Clerkenwell  sessions. 
The  man  was  sentenced  to  ten  years'  penal 
servitude,  the  boy  to  two  months'  hard 
labour,  and  three  months  in  a  reformatory, 
and  the  woman  was  sentenced  to  two  years' 
imprisonment,  with  hard  labour,  in  the 
House  of  Correction  at  AVestminster. 

It  appeared,  in  the  course  of  the  evidence 
at  the  trial,  that  this  man  had  previously 
been  four  years  in  penal  servitude,  and 
since  his  return  had  decoyed  his  little 
brother  from  a  situation  he  held,  for  the 
purpose  of  training  him  to  pick  pockets, 
having  induced  him  to  rob  his  employer 
before  leaving  service. 

The  scarf  pin  is  generally  taken  from  the 
breast  in  this  way.  The  thief  generally 
has  a  handkerchief  in  his  hand,  pretending 
to  wipe  his  nose,  as  he  walks  along  the 
street.  He  then  places  his  right  hand 
across  the  breast  of  the  person  he  intends 
to  rob,  bringing  his  left  hand  stealthily 
under  his  arm.  This  conceals  his  move- 
ments from  the  eyes  of  the  person.  With 
the  latter  hand  he  snatches  out  the  j^in 
from  the  scarf.  It  is  sometimes  done  with 
the  right  hand,  at  other  times  with  the 
left,  according  to  the  position  of  the 
person,  and  is  generally  done  in  the  com- 
pany of  one  or  more.  The  person  robbed 
is  rarely  aware  of  the  theft.  Should  he  be 
aware,  or  should  any  one  passing  by  have 
observed  the  movement,  the  pin  got  from 
the  scarf  is  suddenly  passed  into  the  hands 
of  the  other  parties,  when  all  of  them  sud- 
denly make  off  in  different  directions  soon 
to  meet  again  in  some  neighbouring  lo- 
cality. 

At  other  times  the  thief  drives  the 
person  with  a  push,  in  the  street,  bringing 
his  hands  to  his  breast  as  if  he  had  stum- 
bled against  him,  at  the  same  time  adroitly 
laying  hold  of  the  pin.  This  is  done  in 
such  a  way  that  the  person  is  seldom 
aware  of  the  robbery  until  he  afterwards 
finds  out  the  loss  of  the  article. 

The  trousers  pocket  is  seldom  picked  on 
the  public  street,  as  this  is  an  operation  of 
considerable  difficulty  and  danger.  It  is 
not  easy  to  sip  the  hand  into  the  trousers 
pocket  without  being  felt  by  the  person 
attempted  to  be  robbed.  This  is  generally 
done  in  crowds  where  peo[)le  are  squeezed 
together,  when  they  contrive  to  do  it  in 


this  w^ay :  They  cut  up  the  trousers  with 
a  knife  or  other  sharp  instrument,  lay  open 
the  pocket,  and  adroitly  rifle  the  money 
from  it ;  or  they  insert  the  fingers  or  hand 
into  it  in  a  push,  often  without  being  ob- 
served, while  the  j^erson's  attention  is  dis- 
tracted, possibly  by  some  of  the  accom- 
plices or  stalls.  They  often  occasion  a  dis- 
turbance in  crowds,  and  create  a  quarrel 
with  people  near  them,  or  have  sham  fights 
with  each  other,  or  set  violently  on  the 
person  they  intend  to  rob.  Many  rough 
expedients, are  occasionally  had  recourse  to, 
to  effect  this  object. 

Sometimes  the  pocket  is  picked  in  a 
crowd  by  means  of  laying  hold  of  the  party 
by  the  middle  as  if  they  had  jostled  against 
him,  or  by  pressing  on  his  back  from  be- 
hind, while  the  fingers  or  hand  are  inserted 
into  the  pocket  of  his  trousers  to  snatch 
any  valuables,  money  or  otherwise,  con- 
tained therein. 

This  mode  of  stealing  is  sometimes  done 
by  one  person,  at  other  times  by  the  aid  of 
accomplices.  It  is  most  commonly  done  in 
the  manner  now  described. 

By  dint  of  long  experience  and  natural 
skill,  some  attain  great  perfection  in  this 
difficult  job,  and  accomplish  their  object 
in  the  most  clever  and  efiective  manner. 
They  are  so  nimble  and  accomplished  that 
they  will  accost  a  gentleman  in  the  street, 
and  while  speaking  to  him,  and  looking 
him  in  the  face,  will  quietly  insert  their 
hand  into  his  vest  pocket  and  steal  his 
watch. 

In  a  crowd,  the  pin  is  sometimes  stolen 
with  dexterity  by  a  person  from  behind 
inserting  his  hand  over  the  shoulder. 
Sometimes  the  watch  is  stolen  by  a  sudden 
snatch  at  the  guard,  when  the  thief  runs 
off  with  his  booty.  This  is  not  so  often 
done  in  the  thoroughfares,  as  it  is  attended 
with  great  danger  of  arrest.  It  is  oftener 
done  in  quiet  by-streets,  or  by-places, 
where  there  are  many  adjacent  courts  and 
alleys  intersecting  each  other,  through 
which  the  thief  has  an  opportunity  of  es- 
caping. 

These  are  the  various  modes  by  which 
gentlemen's  pockets  are  generally  picked. 

A  lady's  pocket  is  commonly  2)icked  by 
persons  walking  by  her  side,  who  insert 
their  hand  gently  into  the  jiocket  of  her 
gown.  This  is  often  effected  by  walking 
alongside  of  the  lady,  or  by  stopping  her 
in  the  street,  asking  the  way  to  a  particular 
place,  or  inquiring  if  she  is  acquainted  with 
such  and  such  a  person.  AVhen  the  thief 
is  accomplished,  he  can  abstract  the  purse 
from  her  pocket  in  a  very  short  s]-)ace  of 
time :  but  if  he  is  not  so  adroit,  he  will 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


307 


detain  her  some  time  longer,  asking  further 
questions  till  he  has  completed  his  object. 
This  is  often  done  by  a  man  and  a  woman 
in  company. 

A  lady  generally  carries  her  gold  or  silver 
watch  in  a  small  pocket  in  front  of  her 
dress,  possibly  under  one  of  the  large 
flounces.  It  is  often  stolen  from  her  by 
one  or  two,  or  even  ttiree  persons,  one  of 
the  thieves  accosting  her  in  the  street  in 
the  manner  described.  They  seldom  steal 
the  guard,  but  in  most  cases  contrive  to 
break  the  ring  or  swivel  by  which  it  is 
attached.  Let  us  suppose  that  two  pick- 
pockets, a  man  and  a  woman,  were  to  see  a 
lady  with  a  watch  in  the  public  street; 
they  are  possibly  walking  arm-in-arm  ; 
they  make  up  to  her,  inquire  the  way  to  a 
j)articular  place,  and  stand  in  front  of  her. 
One  of  them  would  ask  the  way  while  the 
other  would  meantime  be  busy  picking  her 
pocket.  If  they  succeed,  they  walk  off 
arm-in-arm  as  they  came. 

Sometimes  two  or  three  men  will  go  up 
to  a  lady  and  deliberately  snatch  a  parcel 
or  reticule-bag  from  her  hand  or  arm,  and 
run  off  with  it. 

At  other  times  a  very  accomplished 
pickpocket  may  pick  ladies'  pockets  with- 
out any  accomplices,  or  with  none  to  cover 
his  movements. 

Walking  along  Cheapside  one  day,  to- 
ward the  afternoon,  we  observed  a  well- 
dressed,  good-looking  man  of  about  thirty 
years  of  age,  having  the  appearance  of  a 
smart  man  of  business,  standing  by  the 
side  of  an  elderly  looking,  respectably 
dressed  lady  at  a  jeweller's  window.  The 
lady  appeared  to  belong  to  the  country, 
from  her  dress  and  manner,  and  was  ab- 
sorbed looking  into  the  window  at  the  gold 
watches,  gold  chains,  lockets,  pins,  and 
other  trinkets  glittering  within.  Meantime 
the  gentleman  also  appeared  to  be  en- 
grossed looking  at  these  articles  beside  her, 
while  crowds  of  people  were  passing  to  and 
fro  in  the  street,  and  the  carts,  cabs,  om- 
nibuses, and  other  vehicles  were  rumbling 
by,  deadening  the  footsteps  of  the  passers 
by.  Our  eye  accidentally  caught  sight  of 
his  left  hand  drooping  by  his  side  in  the 
direction  of  the  lady's  pocket.  We  ob- 
served it  glide  softly  in  the  direction  of  her 
pocket  beneath  the  edge  of  her  shawl  with 
all  the  fascination  of  a  serpent's  movement. 
While  the  hand  lay  drooping,  the  fingers 
sought  their  way  to  the  pocket.  From  the 
movement  we  observed  that  the  fingers  had 
found  the  pocket,  and  were  seeking  their 
way  farther  into  the  interior.  The  person 
was  about  to  plunge  his  hand  to  abstract 
the  contents,  when  we  instinctively  hooked 


his  wrist  with  the  curve  of  our  walking- 
stick  and  prevented  the  robbery.  With 
great  address  and  tact  he  withdrew  his 
hand  from  the  lady's  pocket,  and  his  wrist 
from  our  grasp,  and  walked  quietly  away. 
Meantime  a  group  of  people  had  gathered 
round  about  us,  and  a  gentleman  asked  if 
we  had  observed  a  pocket  picked.  We 
said  nothing,  but  whispered  to  the  lady, 
who  stood  at  the  window  unaw^are  of  the 
attempted  felony,  that  we  had  prevented 
her  pocket  beino;  picked,  and  had  just 
scared  a  thief  with  his  hand  in  her  pocket, 
then  walked  over  to  the  other  side  of  the 
street  and  passed  on. 

The  more  accomplished  pickpockets  are 
very  adroit  in  their  movements.  A  young 
lady  may  be  standing  by  a  window  in 
Cheapside,  Fleet  Street,  Oxford  Street,  or 
the  Strand,  admiring  some  beautiful  en- 
graving. Meantime  a  handsomely  dressed 
young  man,  with  gold  chain  and  moustactie, 
also  takes  his  station  at  the  window  beside 
her,  apparently  admiring  the  same  engrav- 
ing. The  young  lady  stands  gazing  on  the 
beautiful  picture,  with  her  countenance 
glowing  with  sentiment,  which  may  be  en- 
hanced by  the  sympathetic  presence  of  the 
nice  looking  young  man  by  her  side,  and 
while  her  bosom  is  thus  throbbing  with 
romantic  emotion,  her  purse,  meanwhile, 
is  being  quietly  transferred  to  the  pocket 
of  this  elegantly  attired  young  man,  whom 
she  might  find  in  the  evening  dressed  as  a 
rough  costermonger,  mingling  among  the 
low  ruffians  at  the  Seven  Dials  or  White- 
chapel,  or  possibly  lounging  in  some  low 
beershop  in  the  Borough. 

There  are  various  ranks  of  pickpockets, 
from  the  little  ragged  boy,  stealing  the 
handkerchief  from  a  gentleman's  coat 
pocket,  to  the  fashionable  thief,  prome- 
nading around  the  Bank,  or  strohing,  arm  in 
arm,  with  his  gentlemanly  looking  com- 
panion along  Cheapside. 

The  swell-mob  are  to  be  seen  all  over 
London,  in  crowded  thoroughfares,  at  rail- 
way stations,  in  omnibuses  and  steamboats. 
You  find  them  pursuing  their  base  traffic 
in  the  Strand,  Fleet  Street,  Holborn,  Par- 
liament Street,  and  at  Whitehall,  over  the 
whole  of  the  metropolis,  and  they  are  to 
be  seen  on  all  public  occasions  looking  out 
for  plunder. 

Some  commence  their  work  at  8  and  9 
in  the  morning,  others  do  not  rise  till  11 
or  12.  They  are  generally  seen  about  11 
or  12  o'clock — sometimes  till  dusk.  Some 
work  in  the  evening,  and  not  during  the 
day,  while  others  are  out  during  the  day, 
and  do  nothing  in  the  evening.  In  times 
of  great  public  excitement,  when  crowds 


X  2 


308 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOIL 


are  assembled,  such  as  at  the  late  fire  at 
London  Bridge,  when  those  great  ware- 
houses were  burnt  down — they  are  in 
motion  from  the  lowest  to  the  highest. 
They  are  generally  as  busy  in  summer  time 
as  in  the  winter.  When  the  gentry  and 
nobility  have  retired  to  their  country-seats 
in  the  provinces,  crowds  of  strangers  and 
tourists  are  pouring  into  the  metropolis 
every  day. 

They  often  travel  into  the  country  to 
attend  races  such  as  Ascot,  the  Derby  at 
Epsom,  and  others  in  the  surrounding 
towns.  They  go  to  the  Crystal  Palace, 
where  the  cleverest  of  them  may  be  fre- 
quently seen,  also  to  Cremorne,  the  Zoo- 
logical Gardens  Regent's  Park,  the  theatres, 
operas,  ball-rooms,  cas.inos,  and  other 
fashionable  places  of  amusement — some- 
times to  the  great  crowds  that  usually 
assemble  at  Mr.  Spurgeon's  new  Taber- 
nacle. 

They  also  occasionally  make  tours  in 
different  parts  of  the  United  Kingdom  and 
to  Paris,  and  along  the  railways  in  all 
directions. 

The  most  accomplished  pickpockets  re- 
side at  Islington,  Hoxton,  Kingsland  Road, 
St.  Luke's,  the  Borough,  Camberwell,  and 
Lambeth,  in  quiet,  respectable  streets,  and 
occasionally  change  their  lodging  if  watched 
by  the  police. 

They  have  in  most  cases  been  thieves 
from  their  cradle  ;  others  are  tradesmen's 
sons  and  young  men  from  the  provinces, 
who  have  gone  into  dissipated  life  and 
adopted  this  infamous  course.  These  fast 
men  are  sometimes  useful  as  stalls,  though 
they  rarely  acquire  the  dexterity  of  the 
native-born,  trained  London  pickpocket. 

There  are  a  few  foreign  pickpockets, 
French  and  others.  Some  of  them  are 
bullies  about  the  Haymarket.  There  are 
also  some  German  pickpockets,  but  the 
foreigners  are  principally  French.  As  a 
general  rule,  more  of  the  latter  are  en- 
gaged in  swindling,  than  in  picking  pockets. 
Some  of  the  French  are  considered  in 
adroitness  equal  to  the  best  of  the  English. 
There  are  also  a  few  Scotch,  but  the  great 
mass  are  Irish  cockneys,  v;hich  a  penetrating 
eye  could  trace  by  their  look  and  manner. 
Many  of  them  have  a  restless  look,  as  if 
always  in  dread  of  being  taken,  and  gene- 
rally keep  a  sharp*look-out  with  the  side  of 
their  eye  as  they  walk  along. 

They  differ  a  good  deal  in  appearance. 
The  better    class  dress  very  fashionably  ; 
others  in  the  lower  class  do  not  dress  so 
well.     The  more  dexterous  they  are,  they  I 
generally    dress  in   higher    style,    to    get  | 
among  the  more  respectable  and  fashion-  { 


able  people.  Some  of  the  female  pick- 
pockets also  dress  splendidly,  and  have 
been  heard  to  boast  of  frequently  stealing 
from  20/.  to  30/.  a-day  in  working  on  ladies' 
pockets.  They  are  sometimes  as  adroit  as 
the  men  in  stealing  ladies'  purses,  and  are 
less  noticed  lingering  beside  them  on  the 
streets,  by  the  shop-windows,  and  in  places 
of  public  resort. 

Yet,  though  well  dressed,  there  is  a 
peculiarity  about  the  look  of  most  of  the 
male  and  female  pickpockets.  The  coun- 
tenance of  many  of  them  is  suspicious  to 
a  penetrating  eye.  Many  of  them  have 
considerable  mental  ability,  and  appear  to 
be  highly  intelligent. 

The  most  dexterous  pickpockets  gene- 
rally average  from  twenty  to  thirty- five  years 
of  age,  when  many  of  them  become  depressed 
in  spirit,  and  "  have  the  steel  taken  out  of 
them  "  with  the  anxiety  of  the  life  and  the 
punishments  inflicted  on  them  in  the 
course  of  their  criminal  career.  The  rest- 
lessness and  suspense  of  their  life  have  the 
effect  of  dissipation  upon  a  good  many  of 
them,  so  that,  though  generally  compara- 
tively temperate  in  the  use  of  intoxicating 
liquors,  they  may  be  said  to  lead  a  fast 
hfe. 

Some  of  them  take  a  keen  bold  look,  full 
into  your  countenance  ;  others  have  a 
s-neaking,  suspicious,  downcast  appearance, 
showing  that  all  is  not  right  within. 

They  dress  in  various  stylos  ;  sometimes 
in  the  finest  of  superfine  black  cloth;  at 
other  times  in  fashionable  suits,  like  the  ! 
first  gentlemen  in  the  land,  spangled  with 
jewellery.  Some  of  them  would  pass  for 
gentlemen — they  are  so  polite  in  their 
address.  Others  appear  like  a  mock-swell, 
vulgar  in  their  manner — which  is  trans- 
parent through  their  fine  dress,  and  are 
debased  in  their  conversation,  which  is  at 
once  observed  when  they  begin  to  speak. 

The  female  pickpockets  dress  in  fashion- 
able attire ;  sometimes  in  black  satin 
dresses  and  jewellery.  Some  of  them  are 
very  lady-like,  though  they  have  sprung 
originally  from  the  lowest  class.  You  may 
see  very  beautiful  women  among  them, 
though  vulgar  in  their  conversation.  The 
females  are  often  superior  in  intellect  to 
the  men,  and  more  orderly  in  their  habits. 
They  are  seldom  married,  but  cohabit  with 
pickpockets,  burglars,  resetters,  and  other 
infamous  characters.  Their  paramour  is 
frequently  taken  from  them,  and  they 
readily  go  with  another  man  in  the  same 
illicit  manner. 

They  are  passionately  fond  of  their  fancy 
man  in  most  cases  ;  yet  very  capricious — 
so  much  so   that  they    not   unfrequently 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOM. 


309 


leave  the  mrai  tliey  cohabit  witli  for  ai-iotlier 
sweetheart,  and  afterwards  go  back  to  their 
old  lover  again,  who  is  so  easy  in  his  prin- 
ciples that  he  often  welcomes  her,  especially 
if  she  is  a  good  worker — that  is,  an  expert 
pickpocket. 

The  greater  part  of  these  women  have 
sprung  from  the  class  of  Irish  cockneys ; 
others  have  been  domestic  servants  and 
the  daughters  of  labourers,  low  tradesmen, 
and  others.  This  gives  us  a  key  tp  many 
of  these  house  robberies,  done  with  the; 
collusion  of  servants— a  kind  of  felony 
very  common  over  the  metropohs.  These 
are  not  the  more  respectable  genteel  class 
of  servants,  but  the  humbler  order,  such 
as  nursery  girls  and  females  in  tradesmen's 
famihes.  Many  of  them  have  come  from 
the  country,  or  from  labouring  people's 
famihes  over  the  working  neighbourhoods 
of  the  metropohs.  They  are  soon  taught 
to  steal  by  the  men  they  coha.bit  with,  but 
seldom  acquire  the  dexterity  of  the  thief 
who  has  been  younger  trained.  They 
seldom  have  the  acuteness,  tact,  and  dex- 
terity of  the  latter. 

They  live  very  expensively  on  the  best 
of  poultry,  butcher-meat,  pastry,  and  wines, 
and  some  of  them  keep  their  pony  and 
trap;  most  of  them  are  very  improvident, 
and  spend  their  money  foohshly  on  eatiog 
and  drinking — though  few  of  them  drink 
to  excess, — on  dress,  amusements,  and 
gambling. 

They  do  not  go  out  every  day  to  steal, 
but  probably  remain  in  the  house  till  their 
money  is  nearly  spent,  when  they  com- 
mence anew  their  system  of  robbery  to 
fill  their  purse. 

The  female  pickpockets  often  live  with 
the  burglars.  They  have  their  different 
professions  which  they  pursue.  When  the 
one  is  not  successful  in  the  one  mode  of 
plunder,  they  often  get  it  in  the  other,  or 
the  women  will  resort  to  shoplifting.  They 
must  have  money  in  either  of  these  ways. 
The  women  do  not  resort  to  prostitution, 
though  they  may  be  of  easy  virtue  with 
those  they  fancy.  Some  of  them  live  with 
cracksmen  in  high  style,  and  have  generally 
an  abundance  of  cash. 

Female  pickpockets  are  often  the  com- 
panions of  skittlesharps,  and  pursue  their 
mode  of  livelihood  as  in  the  case  of  coha- 
biting with  burglars.  Their  age  averages 
from  sixteen  to  forty-five. 

The  generality  oi  the  pickpockets  confine 
themselves  to  their  own  class  of  robberies. 
Others  betake  themselves  to  card-sharping 
and  skittle-sharping,  while  a  few  of  the  more 
daring  eventually  become  dexterous  bur- 
glars. 


In  their  leisure  hours  they  frequently 
call  at  certain  beershops  and  public-houses, 
kept  possibly  by  some  old  "pals  "  or  con- 
nexions of  the  felon  class,  at  King's  Cross, 
near  Shoreditch  Church,  Whitechapel,  the 
Elephant  and  Castle,  and  Westminster, 
and  are  to  be  seen  dangling  about  these 
localities. 

Some  of  the  swell-mobsmen  have  been 
well-educated  men,  and  at  one  time  held 
good  situations  ;  some  have  been  clerks ; 
others  are  connected  with  respectable  fa- 
milies, led  away  by  bad  companions,  until 
they  have  become  the  dregs  of  society, 
and  after  having  been  turned  out  of  their 
own  social  circle,  have  become  thieves. 
They  are  not  generally  so  adroit  as  the 
young  trained  thief,  though  they  may  be 
useful  to  their  gangs  in  acting  as  stalls. 

Many  of  them  are  intelhgent  men,  and 
have  a  fund  of  general  information  which 
enables  them  to  act  their  part  tolerably 
well  when  in  society. 

Omnibus  Pickpockets. 
The  most  of  this  class  of  thieves  are  well- 
dressed  women,  and  go  out  one  or  two 
together,  sometimes  three.  They  generally 
manage  to  get  to  the  farthest  seats  in  the 
interior  of  the  omnibus,  on  opposite  sides 
of  the  vehicle,  next  to  the  horses.  As  the 
lady  passengers  come  in,  they  eye  them 
carefully,  and  one  of  them  seats  herself  on 
the  right  side  of  the  lady  they  intend  to 
plunder.  She  generally  manages  to  throw 
the  bottom  of  her  cape  or  shawl  over  the 
lap  of  the  lady,  and  works  with  her  hand 
under  it,  so  as  to  cover  her  movement. 

Her  confederate  is  generally  sitting  op- 
posite to  see  that  no  one  is  noticing.  Jn 
abstracting  from  a  lady's  pocket,  the  female 
thief  has  often  to  cut  through  the  dress  and 
pocket,  which  she  does  with  a  pocket-knife, 
pair  of  scissors,  or  other  sharp  instrument. 
So  soon  as  she  has  secured  the  purse,  or 
other  booty,  she  and  her  companion  leave 
the  omnibus  on  the  earhest  opportunity, 
often  in  their  hurry  giving  the  conductor 
more  than  his  fare,  which  creates  suspi- 
cion, and  frequently  leads  to  their  detec- 
tion. Experienced  conductors  often  inquire 
of  the  passengers  on  such  occasions  if 
they  have  lost  anything,  and  if  they  find 
they  have,  they  give  chase  to  the  parties 
to  apprehend  them. 

It  often  happens  the  thief  follows  a  lady 
into  an  omnibus  from  seeing  the  lady  take, 
out  her  purse  perhaps  in  some  shop.  If 
she  could  not  pick  her  pocket  in  the 
street,  she  contrives  to  go  into  an  omnibus, 
and  do  it  there.  These  robberies  are  com- 
mitted in  all  parts  of  London.     They  gene- 


310 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


rally  work  at  some  distance  from  where 
they  live,  so  that  they  are  not  easily  traced 
if  detected  at  the  time. 

They  invariably  give  false  names  and 
false  addresses,  when  taken  into  custody. 
The  same  women  who  pick  ladies'  pockets 
in  the  street,  perpetrate  these  felonies  in 
omnibuses,  and  often  travel  by  railway, 
pursuing  this  occupation — sometimes  two 
women  together,  sometimes  one  along  with 
a  man. 

Sometimes  gentlemen's  pockets  are 
picked  in  omnibuses  by  male  pickpockets, 
who  also  steal  from  the  lady  passengers 
when  they  find  a  suitable  opportunity, 
especially  at  dusk. 

Railway  Pickpockets. 
This  is  the  same  class  of  persons  who  pick 
pockets  on  the  public  street  as  already 
described.  They  often  visit  the  various 
railway  stations,  and  are  generally  smartly 
dressed  as  they  hnger  there— some  of  them 
better  than  others.  Some  of  the  females 
are  dressed  like  shopkeepers'  wives,  others 
like  milliners,  varying  from  nineteen  to 
forty  years  of  age,  mostly  from  nineteen  to 
twenty-five ;  some  of  them  attired  in  cot- 
ton gowns,  others  in  silks  and  satins. 

At  the  railway  stations  they  are  gene- 
rally seen  moving  restlessly  about  from 
one  place  to  another,  as  if  they  did  not 
intend  to  go  by  any  particular  railway 
train.  There  is  an  unrest  about  the  most 
of  them  which  to  a  discerning  eye  would 
attract  attention. 

They  seldom  take  the  train,  but  dangle 
among  the  throng  around  the  ticket  office, 
or  on  the  platform  beside  the  railway  car- 
riages on  the  eve  of  the  train  starting  off, 
as  well  as  when  the  train  arrives.  When 
they  see  ladies  engaged  in  conversation, 
they  go  up  to  them  and  plant  themselves 
by  their  side,  while  the  others  cover  their 
movements.  There  generally  are  two, 
sometimes  three  of  them  in  a  party.  They 
place  themselves  on  the  right  hand  side  of 
the  ladies,  next  to  their  pocket,  and  work 
with  the  left  hand.  When  the  ladies  move, 
the  thieves  walk  along  with  them. 

The  female  pickpockets  generally  carry 
a  reticule  on  their  right  arm  so  as  to  take 
off  suspicion,  and  walk  up  to  the  persous 
at  the  railway  station,  and  inquire  what 
time  the  train  starts  to  such  a  place,  to 
detain  them  in  conversation,  and  to  keep 
them  in  their  company. 

The  older  female  thieves  generally  look 
cool  and  weary,  tlie  younger  ones  are  more 
restless  and  suspicious  in  their  movements. 
They  sometimes  go  into  first  and  second 
class  waiting-rooms  and  sit  by  the  side  of 


any  lady  they  suppose  to  be  possessed  of 
a  sum  of  money,  and  try  to  pick  her  pocket 
by  inserting  their  hand,  or  by  cutting  it 
with  a  knife  or  other  sharp  instrument. 
They  generally  insert  the  whole  hand,  as 
the  ladies'  pockets  are  frequently  deep  in 
the  dress.  They  often  have  a  large  cape 
to  cover  their  hands,  and  pick  the  pocket 
while  speaking  to  the  lady,  or  sitting  by 
her  side.  The  young  pickpockets  are  gene- 
rally the  most  expert. 

They  seldom  take  the  brooch  from  the 
breast,  but  confine  themselves  to  picking 
pockets. 

After  they  take  the  purse,  they  generally 
jun  to  some  by-place  and  throw  it  away, 
so  that  it  cannot  be  identified  ;  sometimes 
they  put  it  into  a  watercloset,  at  other  times 
drop  it  down  an  area  as  they  pass  along. 

After  taking  the  purse,  the  thief  hands 
it  to  her  companion,  and  they  separate  and 
walk  away,  and  meet  at  some  place  ap- 
pointed. 

They  occasionally  travel  with  the  trains 
to  the  Crystal  Palace  and  other  places  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  London,  and  endea- 
vour to  plunder  the  passengers  on  the 
way.  Frequently  they  take  longer  excur- 
sions— especially  during  the  summer — 
journeying  ft'om  town  to  town,  and  going 
to  races  and  markets,  agricultural  shows, 
or  any  places  where  there  is  a  large  con- 
course of  people.  Unless  they  are  detected 
at  the  time  they  pick  the  pocket,  they 
seldom  leave  any  suspicion  behind  them, 
as  they  take  care  to  lodge  in  respectable 
places,  where  no  one  would  suspect  them, 
and  have  generally  plenty  of  money. 

A  considerable  number  of  the  male 
thieves  also  attend  the  railway  stations, 
and  pick  pockets  in  the  railway  trains. 
They  are  generally  well  dressed,  and  many 
of  them  have  an  Inverness  cape,  often  of 
a  dark  colour,  and  sometimes  they  carry 
a  coat  on  their  arm  to  hide  their  hand. 
There  are  commonly  two  or  more  of  them 
together — sometimes  women  accompany- 
ing them.  They  are  the  same  parties  we 
have  already  so  fuDy  described,  who  com- 
mit such  felonies  in  the  streets,  thorough- 
fares, and  places  of  public  resort  in  the 
metropolis,  and  their  movements  are  in  a 
great  measure  the  same. 

Number  of  felonies  by  picking  pockets 
in  the  Metropolitan  dists.  for  1860     1,498 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City    ..      ..      380 

1,878 

Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
the  Metropolitan  districts         ..    £5,819 
Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City        ..  375 

£6194 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


311 


Shoplifters. 
There  is  a  class  of  women  who  visit 
the  shops  in  various  parts  of  the  metro- 
poHs,  sometimes  two  and  at  other  times 
three  together.  They  vary  their  dress  ac- 
cording to  the  locahty  they  visit.  Some- 
times you  find  them  dressed  very  respect- 
ably, like  the  wives  of  people  in  good  cir- 
cumstances in  life  ;  at  other  times,  they 
appear  like  servants.  They  often  wear 
large  cloaks,  or  shawls,  and  are  to  be  found 
of  different  ages,  from  14  to  60.  They 
generally  call  into  shops  at  busy  times, 
when  there  are  many  persons  standing 
around  the  counter,  and  will  stand  two  or 
three  together.  They  ask  a  look  of  certain 
articles,  and  will  possibly  say,  after  they 
have  inspected  them,  that  they  do  not 
suit  them ;  they  will  say  they  are  too  high 
in  price,  or  not  the  article  they  want,  or 
not  the  proper  colour.  They  will  likely 
ask  to  see  some  other  goods,  and  keep 
looking  at  the  dififerent  articles  until  they 
get  a  quantity  on  the  counter.  When  the 
shopman  is  engaged  getting  some  fresh 
goods  from  the  window,  or  from  the 
shelves,  one  of  them  generally  contrives  to 
slip  something  under  her  cloak  or  shawl, 
while  the  other  manages  to  keep  his  atten- 
tion abstracted.  Sometimes  they  carry  a 
bag  or  a  basket,  and  set  it  down  on  the 
counter,  and  while  the  shopman  is  busy, 
they  will  get  some  article  and  lay  it  down 
behind  their  basket,  such  as  a  roll  of 
ribbons,  or  a  half  dozen  of  gloves,  or  other 
small  portable  goods.  While  the  shop- 
man's back  is  turned,  or  his  attention 
withdrawn,  it  is  hidden  under  their  shawl 
or  cloak.  We  frequently  find  the  skirt 
of  their  dress  lined  from  the  pocket 
downward,  forming  a  large  repository  all 
around  the  dress,  with  an  opening  in  front, 
where  they  can  insert  a  small  article,  which 
is  not  observed  in  the  ample  crinoline.  In 
stealing  rolls  of  silk,  or  other  heavier  goods, 
they  conceal  them  under  their  arm.  Wo- 
men who  engage  in  shoplifting  sometimes 
pick  pockets  in  the  shops.  They  get  by 
the  side  of  a  lady  engaged  looking  over  ar- 
ticles, and  under  pretence  of  inspecting 
goods  in  the  one  hand,  pick  their  pockets 
with  the  other. 

We  find  more  of  these  people  living  in 
the  east  end  and  on  the  Surrey  side  than 
in  the  west  end  of  the  metropolis.  A  great 
many  live  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Kings- 
land  Road  and  Hackney  Road.  Some  of 
them  cohabit  with  burglars,  others  with 
magsmen  (skittle-sharps). 

We  find  ladies  m  respectable  position 
occasionally  charged  with  shoplifting. 

Respectably  dressed  men  frequently  go 


into  the  shops  of  drapers  and  others  early 
in  the  morning,  or  at  intervals  during  the 
day,  or  evening,  to  look  at  the  goods,  and 
often  manage  to  abstract  one  or  two  ar- 
ticles, and  secrete  them  under  their  coats. 
They  frequently  take  a  bundle  of  neckties, 
a  parcel  of  gloves,  or  anything  that  will 
go  in  a  small  compass,  and  perhaps  enter  a 
jeweller's  shop,  and  in  this  way  abstract  a 
quantity  of  jewellery.  On  going  there,  they 
will  ask  a  sight  of  some  articles  ;  the  first 
will  not  suit  them,  and  they  will  ask  to 
look  at  more.  When  the  shopman  is  en- 
gaged, they  will  abstract  some  gold  rings 
or  gold  pins,  or  other  property,  sometimes 
a  watch.  Occasionally  they  will  go  so  far  as 
to  leave  a  deposit  on  the  article,  promising 
to  call  again.  They  do  this  to  prevent 
suspicion.  After  they  are  gone,  the  shop- 
man may  find  several  valuables  missing. 

Sometimes  they  will  ring  the  changes. 
On  entering  the  shop  they  will  bring 
patterns  of  rings  and  other  articles  in  the 
window,  which  they  have  got  made  as  fac- 
similes from  metal  of  an  inferior  quality. 
On  looking  at  the  jewellery  they  will  ring  the 
changes  on  the  counter,  and  keep  turning 
them  over,  and  in  so  doing  abstract  the 
genuine  article  and  leave  the  counterfeit  in 
its  place. 

The  statistics  applicable  to  this  class  of 
felonies  are  comprised  under  those  given 
when  treating  on  "  stealing  from  the  doors 
and  windows  of  shops." 

A  Visit  to  the  Dens  of  Thieves  in  Spi- 

TALPIELDS   AND   ITS    NEIGHBOURHOOD. 

One  afternoon,  in  company  with  a  de- 
tective officer,  we  visited  Spitalfields,  one 
of  the  most  notorious  rookeries  for  infa- 
mous characters  in  the  metropolis.  Leav- 
ing Whitechapel,  we  went  up  a  narrow 
alley  called  George  Yard,  where  we  saw 
four  brothels  of  a  very  low  description,  the 
inmates  being  common  thieves.  On  pro- 
ceeding a  little  farther  along  the  alley  we 
passed  eight  or  nine  lodging-houses.  Most 
of  the  lodgers  were  out  prowling  over  the 
various  districts  of  the  metropolis,  some 
picking  pockets,  others  area-sneaking. 

On  entering  into  a  public-house  in 
another  alley  near  Union  Street,  we  came 
to  one  of  the  most  dangerous  thieves'  dens 
we  have  visited  in  the  course  of  our 
rambles.  As  we  approached  the  door  of 
the  house,  we  saw  a  dissipated  looking  man 
stealthily  whispering  outside  the  door  to 
the  ruffian-looking  landlord,  who  appeared 
to  be  a  fighting  man,  from  his  large  coarse 
head  and  broken  nose.  The  officer  by  our 
side  hinted  to  us  that  the  latter  was  a 
fence,  or  receiver  of  stolen  property,  and 


312 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOli. 


was  probably  speaking  to  his  companion  on 
some  business  of  this  nature.  As  we  went 
forward  they  sneaked  away,  the  one  through 
a  neighbouring  archway,  and  tlie  other 
into  his  house.  We  followed  the  latter 
into  the  public  house,  and  found  two  or 
three  brutal-looking  men  loafing  about  the 
bar.  We  passed  through  a  small  yard 
behind  the  house,  where  we  found  a  num- 
ber of  fighting  dogs  chained  to  their  kennels. 
Some  were  close  to  our  feet  as  we  passed 
along,  and  others,  kept  in  an  outhouse 
beside  them,  could  almost  snap  at  our  face. 
We  went  to  another  oufchonse  beyond, 
where  between  thirty  and  forty  persons 
were  assembled  round  a  wooden  enclosure 
looking  on,  while  some  of  their  dogs  were 
killing  rats.  They  consisted  of  burglars,  pick- 
pockets, and  the  associates  of  thieves,  along 
with  one  or  two  receivers  of  stolen  property. 
Man}''  of  them  were  coarse  and  brutal  in 
their  appearance,  and  appeared  to  be  in 
their  element,  as  they  urged  on  their  dogs 
to  destroy  the  rats,  which  were  taken  out 
one  after  another  from  a  small  wooden  box. 
These  men  apparently  ranged  from  twenty- 
two  to  forty  years  of  age.  Many  of  them 
had  the  rough  stamp  of  the  criminal  in 
their  countenances,  and  when  inflamed 
with  strong  drink,  would  possibly  be  fit  for 
any  deed  of  atrocious  villainy.  Some  of 
the  dogs  were  strong  and  vigorous,  and 
soon  disposed  of  the  rats  as  they  ran 
round  the  wooden  enclosure,  surrounded 
by  this  redoubtable  band  of  ruffians,  who 
made  the  rafters  ring  with  merriment  when 
the  dog  caught  hold  of  his  prey,  or  when 
the  rat  turned  desperate  on  its  adversary. 
During  the  brief  space  of  time  we  were 
present,  a  slim  little  half-starved  dog  killed 
several  rats.  When  the  rat  was  first  let 
loose  it  was  very  nimble  and  vigorous  in  its 
movements,  and  the  little  dog  kept  for  a 
time  at  a  respectful  distance,  as  the  former 
was  ready  to  snap  at  it.  Sometimes  the 
rat  made  as  though  it  was  to  leap  over  the 
wooden  fence  to  get  away  from  the  dog, 
but  a  dozen  rough  hands  were  ready  to 
thrust  it  back.  After  it  had  got  nearly 
exhausted  with  its  inefi'ectual  strui^-des  to 

OO 

get  away,  the  little  dog  seized  it  by  the 
throat  and  worried  it ;  when  another  rat 
was  brought  out  to  take  its  place,  and 
another  dog  introduced  to  this  brutal  sport. 
This  is  one  of  the  most  dangerous  thieves' 
dens  we  have  seen  in  London.  Were  any 
unfortunate  man  to  be  inveigled  into  it  in 
the  evening,  or  at  midnight,  when  the  des- 
peradoes who  haunt  it  are  inflamed  with 
strong  drink,  he  would  be  completely  in 
their  power,  even  were  he  the  bravest 
soldier  in  the  British  service,  and  armed 


with  a  revolver.  Were  he  to  fight  his  way 
desperately  through  the  large  ferocious 
gang  in  this  outhouse,  the  fighting-dogs  in 
the  yard  might  be  let  loose  on  him,  and 
were  he  to  cleave  his  way  through  them,  he 
would  have  to  pass  through  the  public- 
house  frequented  by  similar  low  charac- 
ters. 

Leaving  this  alley,  wc  proceeded  to 
Fashion  Street,  and  entered  a  skittle- 
ground  attached  to  a  low  beershop,  where 
we  saw  another  gang  of  thieves,  to  the 
number  of  about  twelve.  Some  of  them, 
though  in  rough  costermonger  s  dress,  or 
in  the  dress  of  mechanics,  are  fashionable 
pickpockets,  along  with  thieves  of  a  coarser 
and  lower  description,  who  push  against 
people  in  crowds,  and  snatch  away  their 
watches  and  property.  One  of  them,  a  tall 
athletic  young  man.  was  pointed  out  to  us 
as  a  very  expert  pickpocket.  He  was 
dressed  in  a  dark  frock  coat,  dark  trousers 
and  cap,  and  was  busy  hurling  the  skittle- 
ball  with  great  violence.  On  our  standing 
by  for  a  little,  he  slouched  his  cap  sulkily 
over  his  eyes  and  continued  at  his  game. 
He  had  au  intelligent  countenance,  but 
with  a  callous,  bronze-like  forbidding  ex- 
pression. Some  of  his  companions  were 
standing  at  the  other  end  of  the  skittle- 
ground  engaged  in  the  sport,  while  the  rest 
of  his  "  pals  "  sat  on  a  seat  alongside  and 
looked  on,  occasionally  eyeing  us  with  con- 
siderable curiosity.  Some  of  them  were  very 
expert  thieves. 

in  passing  through  Church  Lane  we  met 
two  young  lads  dressed  like  costermongers, 
and  a  young  woman  by  their  side  in  a  light 
dirty  cotton  dress  and  black  bonnet.  They 
were  pointed  out  to  us  as  those  base  crea- 
tures who  waylay,  decoy,  and  plunder 
drunken  men  at  night.  AVe  proceeded  to 
Wentworth  Street,  and  entered  a  large 
lodging-house  of  a  very  motley  class  of 
people,  consisting  of  men  working  at  the 
docks,  prostitutes,  and  area-sneaks.  We 
called  at  a  house  in  George  Street,  princi- 
pally occupied  by  females  from  eighteen  to 
thirty  years  of  age,  all  prostitutes.  In 
Thrall  Street  we  entered  a  lodging-house 
where  we  saw  about  thirty  persons  of  both 
sexes,  and  of  different  ages,  assembled, 
consisting  chiefly  of  area-sneaks  and  pick- 
pockets. Here  wc  saw  one  prostitute,  with 
a  remarkably  beautiful  child  on  her  knee, 
seated  at  her  afternoon  meal.  In  the  tap- 
room of  a  public-house  in  Church  Street 
we  found  a  large  pai'ty  of  thieves,  consist- 
ing of  burglars,  pickpockets,  and  area- 
sneaks,  along  with  several  resetters,  one  or 
them  a  Jew.  On  the  walls  of  the  room 
were  pictures  of  notorious  pugilists,  Tom 


LONDON  LABOUlt  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


31?, 


Cribb  and  others.  Several  of  them  had 
the  appearance  of  pugihsts,  in  their  bloated 
and  bruised  countenances,  and  most  of 
them  had  a  rough  aspect,  which  we  found 
to  be  a  general  characteristic  of  the  White- 
chapel  thieves,  as  well  as  of  most  of  the 
thieves  we  saw  in  the  Borough,  and  at 
Lambeth.  Two  of  the  resetters,  who  ap- 
peared to  be  callous,  politic  men,  sneaked 
off  upon  our  seating  ourselves  beside  them. 
One  of  the  band,  as  we  found  on  similar 
occasions,  stood  between  us  and  the  door 
flourishing  a  large  clasp  knife.  We  sat  for 
some  time  over  a  glass  of  ale,  and  he  slunk 
off  to  a  corner  and  resumed  his  seat,  finding 
his  bullying'  attitude  was  of  no  avail.  The 
Jewish  resetter  was  very  social  and  com- 
municative as  he  sat  on  the  table.  The 
more  daring  of  the  band  were  also  frank 
and  good-humoured. 

Being  desirous  to  gain  a  more  intimate 
acquaintance  with  the  haunts  of  the  London 
thieves,  we  were  brought  into  communica- 
tion with  Mr.  Price,  inspector  of  the  lodg- 
ing-houses of  this  district,  who  accom- 
panied us  on  several  visits  over  the  neigh- 
bourhood, one  of  the  chief  rookeries  of 
thieves  in  London. 

Before  setting  out  on  our  inspection  he 
gave  us  the  following  infoj-n. ration  : — 

About  twenty  years  ago  a  number  of 
narrow  streets,  thickly  populated  with 
thieves,  prostitutes,  and  beggars,  were  re- 
moved when  IN'ew  Commercial  (Street  was 
formed,  leading  from  Shoreditch  in  the  di- 
rection of  the  London  Docks,  leaving  a 
wide  space  in  the  midst  of  a  densely  popu- 
lated, neighbourhood,  which  is  favourable 
to  its  sanatory  condition,  and  might  justly 
be  considered  one  of  the  lungs  of  the  me- 
tropolis. The  rookery  in  Spitalfields  we 
purposed  to  visit  is  comprised  within  a 
space  of  about  400  square  yards.  It  is 
bounded  by  Church  Street  Whitechapel, 
East  Brick  Lane,  and  West  Commercial 
Street,  and  contains  800  thieves,  vagabonds, 
beggars,  and  prostitutes,  a  large  proportion 
of  whom  may  be  traced  to  the  old  criminal 
inhabitants  of  the  now  extinct  Essex  Street 
and  old  Rose  Lane. 

For  instance,  a  man  and  woman  lived  for 
many  years  in  George  Yard,  Whitechapel,  a 
narrow,  dirty,  and  overcrowded  street  lead- 
ing from  Whitechapel  into  Wentworth 
Street.  The  man  was  usually  seen  among 
crowds  of  thieves,  gambling  and  associating 
wilh  them.  As  his  family  increased,  in  the 
course  of  time  he  took  a  beershop  and 
lodging-house  for  thieves  in  Thrall  Street. 
His  family  consisted  of  three  boys  and  three 
girls.  His  wife  usually  addressed  the 
young  thieves  as  they  left  her  lodging-house 


in  the  morning,  in  the  hearing  of  her  own 
children,  in  this  manner  ;  "  Now,  my  little 
dears,  do  the  best  you  can,  and  may  God 
bless  you  !" 

The  following  is  a  brief  account  of  their 
children  :■ — 

The   eldest   son   married   a    girl   whose 
father  died  during  his  transportation.     He 
and  his  wife  gained  their  living  by  thieving, 
and  were  frequently  in  custody.     At  last 
he  connected  himself  with   burglars,   was 
tried,  convicted,  and  sentenced  to  six  years' 
penal  servitude.     He  is  now  at  Gibraltar, 
ten  months  of  his  sentence  being  unexpired. 
His  wife  has  been  left  with  three  young 
children  ;  since  his  transportation  she  has 
been   frequently   in    custody   for    robbing 
drunken  men,  and  has  had  an  illegitimate 
child  since  her  husband  left.     Her  eldest 
daughter  was  taken  from  her  about  twelve 
months  ago  by  Mr.  Ashcroft,  secretary  of 
the  Refuge  Aid  Society,   and  placed   in  a 
refuge   in    Albert   Street,   Mile   End    New 
Town,    where   the  Society   maintains  her. 
The  girl  is  eleven  years  of  age,  and  appeared 
pleased  that  she  was  taken  away  from  her 
filthy  abode  and  bad  companions  in  George 
Street.    The  second  son  has  been  repeatedly 
in  custody  for  uttering  base  coin,  and  was 
at  last  convicted  and  transported  for  four 
years.     The  eldest  dau;:hter  married  a  man, 
who  also  was  transported,  and   is   now  a 
returned  convict.     She  was   apprehended, 
convicted,   and   sentenced  to   four    years' 
penal  servitude.    While  in  Newgate  jail,  she 
was  delivered  of  twins,  and  received  a  re- 
prieve, and  has  since  been  in  custody  for 
shoplifting. 

We  went  with  the  inspector  to  Lower 
Keat  Street,  and  entered  a  lodging-house 
there.  Most  of  the  inmates  were  male 
thieves,  from  twelve  to  nineteen  yea.rs  of 
age  and  upwards.  The  husband  of  the 
woman  who  keeps  the  house  is  a  returned 
convict,  and  has  been  in  custody  for  re- 
ceiving stolen  property  from  her  lodgers. 

We  entered  another  lodging-house  in 
this  street,  haunted  by  thieves  of  a  lower 
class.  An  old  woman  was  here  employed  as 
a  deputy  or  servant,  who  formerly  lived 
in  Kent-street  in  the  Borough,  and  kept 
a  public-house  there,  a  resort  of  thieves. 
She  lived  with  a  man  there  for  twenty  years 
and  upwards,  keeping  a  brothel,  and  was 
then  and  is  now  an  old  fence.  We  found 
a  number  of  low  thieves  in  the  house  at 
the  time  of  our  visit.  The  landlord  has 
been  in  custody  for  having  stolen  handker- 
chiefs in  his  possession,  with  the  marks 
taken  out. 

Opposite  to  this  house  is  a  public-house 
resorted  to  by  thieves. 


814 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


We  tlieii  went  to  Lower  George  Street, 
where  we  entered  a  registered  lodging- 
house.  In  three  rooms  we  saw  about  ninety- 
persons  of  both  sexes  and  of  various  ages, 
many  of  them  thieves  and  vagrants.  This 
house  is  not  used  as  a  brothel,  but  some  of 
the  lodgers  cohabit  together  as  man  and 
wife,  which  is  common  m  these  low  neigh- 
bourhoods. 

We  went  to  a  lodging-house  in  Flower- 
and-Dean  Street,  the  keeper  of  which  has 
been  recently  in  prison  for  receiving  from 
his  lodgers.  We  saw  a  number  of  wretched 
mendicants  here.  One  man  had  his  leg 
bound  up  with  rags.  Many  of  the  inmates 
gain  their  livelihood  by  begging,  and  others 
by  thieving.  Few  honest  persons  reside  here. 

We  next  went  to  a  brothel  in  Wentworth 
Street,  kept  by  a  woman,  a  notorious  cha- 
racter. She  has  been  repeatedly  in  custody 
for  robbing  drunken  men,  and  her  husband 
is  now  in  prison  for  felony.  She  is  a  strong 
coarse-looking  woman,  with  her  counten- 
ance bearing  marked  traces  of  unbridled 
passion, — the  type  of  person  we  would  ex- 
pect as  the  keeper  of  a  low  brothel.  She 
had  been  stabbed  on  the  cheek  a  few  days 
previously  by  another  woman,  and  bore 
the  scar  of  the  fresh  wound  at  the  time  of 
our  visit.  The  rooms  of  her  house  were 
wretchedly  furnished,  suitable  to  the  low 
orgies  transacted  in  this  foul  abode.  One 
or  two  withered  prostitutes  were  lounging 
about  the  kitchen. 

We  passed  on  to  a  lodging-house  of  a 
very  different  description,  occupied  by 
industrious  honest  working  people,  which 
we  shall  describe  afterwards  when  we  treat 
of  an  after- visit. 

In  this  locality  we  visited  the  elderly 
woman  living  in  this  neighbourhood  whom 
we  have  referred  to  as  having  blessed  the 
young  thieves.  She  had  a  very  plausible 
condoling  manner,  as  she  sat  with  her  two 
daughters  by  her  side — one  a  young  auburn- 
haired  girl  of  about  fourteen,  with  engaging 
countenance  and  handsome  form,  plainly 
but  neatly  dressed  ;  the  other,  an  ordinary- 
looking  young  woman,  with  a  child  in  her 
arms. 

We  made  another  visit  to  this  rookery 
with  the  inspector  of  police,  and  made  a 
more  minute  survey  of  this  remarkable 
district. 

We  went  into  a  lodging-house  in  George 
Yard.  The  kitchen  was  about  35  feet  in 
length,  and  had  originally  consisted  of  two 
rooms,  the  partition  between  them  being 
removed.  There  was  a  fire-place  in  each  ; 
a  group  of  people,  men,  lads,  and  boys  were 
ranged  along  the  long  tables,  many  of  them 
labourers  at  the  docks. 


The  boys  were  better  dressed  than  the 
wild  young  Arabs  of  the  city,  some  of  them 
in  dark  and  brown  coats  and  tartan  and 
black  caps.  They  sat  on  the  forms  along 
the  sides  of  the  tables,  or  lolled  on  seats 
by  the  fire.  The  apartments  were  papered, 
and  ornamented  with  pictures.  A  picture 
of  the  Great  Eastern  steamship  set  in  a 
frame  was  suspended  over  the  mantelpiece ; 
one  boy  sat  with  his  head  bound  up,  and 
another  with  his  jacket  off,  and  his  white 
shirt  sleeves  exposed.  The  inmates  con- 
sisted of  beggars  and  dock-labourers  seated 
around  the  ample  kitchen,  some  busy  at 
their  different  meals,  and  others  engaged 
in  conversation,  which  was  suspended  on 
our  entrance.  At  the  door  we  saw  the  de- 
puty, a  young  man  decently  dressed.  On 
our  former  visit  we  saw  an  old  man  with 
an  ample  unshorn  beard,  who  works  during 
the  day  as  a  crossing-sweeper.  He  had 
when  young  been  engaged  in  seafaring  life, 
and  has  now  become  an  admirable  picture 
of  Fagin  the  Jew,  as  pictured  by  Charles 
Dickens.  The  beds  are  let  here  at  3^.  a 
night.  The  people  who  usually  lodge  here 
are  crossing-sweepers,  bonepickers,  and 
shoeblacks,  &c. 

We  entered  a  house  in  Wentworth  Street, 
and  passed  through  a  chandler's  shop  into 
the  kitchen,  which  is  about  31  feet  in  length 
and  15  in  breadth.  There  we  found,  as  is 
usual  in  those  lodging  houses,  a  large  fire 
blazing  in  the  grate.  The  room  had  a  wooden 
floor,  and  clothes  were  suspended  on  lines 
beneath  the  rafters.  There  were  two  large 
boilers  on  each  side  of  the  fire  to  supply 
the  lodgers  with  hot  water  for  coffee  or  tea. 
Tables  were  ranged  around  the  wall  on  each 
side,  and  a  motley  company  were  seated 
around  them.  Numbers  of  them  were  busy 
at  supper — coffee,  bread,  fish,  and  potatoes. 
An  elderly  man  sat  in  the  corner  of  the 
room  cobbling  a  pair  of  old  shoes  with  a 
candle  nearly  burned  to  the  socket  placed 
before  him.  Groups  of  elderly  women  were 
also  clustered  around  the  benches,  some 
plainly  but  decently  dressed,  others  in  dirty 
tattered  skirts  and  shabby  shawls,  with 
careworn,  melancholy  countenances.  Some 
were  middle-aged  women,  apparently  the 
wives  of  some  of  the  labourers  there.  A 
young  man  sat  by  their  side,  a  respectable 
mechanic  out  of  work. 

Two  young  lads,  vagrants,  sat  squatted 
by  the  fire,  one  of  them  equipped  in  dirty 
tartan  trowsers,  a  shabby  black  frock-coat 
sadly  torn,  and  brov;n  bonnet.  The  other 
sat  in  his  moleskin  trowsers  and  shirt.  At 
one  of  the  tables  several  young  women  were 
seated  a.t  their  tea,  some  good-looking, 
others   very   plain,   with    coarse   features. 


LONDON  LABOVB  AND  THE  LONDON  POOM. 


315 


An  elderly  woman,  the  servant  of  the  esta- 
blishment, stood  by  the  fire  with  a  towel 
over  her  bare  brown  arm. 

The  tables  around  were  covered  with 
plates,  cups,  and  other  crockery ;  caps, 
jackets,  and  other  articles  of  dress. 

While  in  this  street  the  musical  band  of 
the  ragged  school  at  George  Yard  passed 
by,  with  the  teacher  at  their  head,  and 
many  of  the  scholars  clustered  around  them, 
with  other  juveniles  and  people  of  the  dis- 
trict. Knots  of  people  were  assembled  in 
the  streets  as  we  passed  along. 

We  entered  several  other  lodging-houses 
in  this  locality,  occupied  by  beggars,  dock- 
labourers,  prostitutes,  and  thieves,  ballad- 
singers,  and  patterers  of  the  lowest  class. 

We  went  into  a  house  in  George  Street. 
The  kitchen  was  also  very  large,  about  36 
feet  long  and  24  feet  broad,  and  had  two 
blazing  fires  to  warm  the  apartment  and 
cook  the  food.  Tables  were  ranged  round 
the  room  as  in  the  other  lodging-houses 
alluded  to.  There  were  about  twenty-two 
people  here,  chiefly  young  of  both  sexes. 
There  was  one  middle-aged  bald-headed 
man  among  them.  Many  of  them  were  sad 
and  miserable.  A  young  good-looking  girl, 
not  apparently  above  seventeen  years  of 
age,  sat  by  the  fire  with  a  child  in  her  arms. 
Many  of  the  young  women  had  a  lower- 
ing countenance  and  dissipated  look.  Some 
of  the  young  lads  had  a  more  pleasing  ap- 
pearance, dressed  as  costermongers. 

The  long  tables  were  strewed  with  plates 
and  bowls,  cups  and  saucers.  Some  young 
men  sat  by  reading  the  newspapers,  others 
smoking  their  pipe  and  whiffing  clouds  of 
smoke  around  them.  Some  young  women 
were  sewing,  others  knitting  ;  some  busy 
at  their  supper,  others  lying  asleep,  crouch- 
ing with  their  arms  on  the  tables. 

On  going  into  another  lodging-house  we 
saw  a  number  of  people  of  both  sexes,  and 
of  various  ages,  similar  to  those  described. 
There  we  saw  a  woman  about  thirty,  also 
engaged  knitting,  and  another  reading  Rey- 
nolds' Miscellany.  A  number  of  young 
lads  of  about  seventeen  years  were  smoking 
their  pipe  ;  another  youth,  a  pickpocket, 
was  reading  a  volume  he  had  got  from  a 
neighbouring  library.  Most  of  the  persons 
here  were  prostitutes,  pickpockets,  and 
sneaks.  There  were  about  fifteen  present, 
chiefly  young  people. 

On  passing  through  Flower-and-Dean 
Street  we  saw  a  group  of  young  lads  and 
girls,  all  of  them  thieves,  standing  in  the 
middle  of  the  street. 

We  passed  into  another  lodging-house, 
and  entered  the  kitchen,  which  is  about 
30  feet  long  and  18  feet  broad.     A  large 


fire  was  burning  in  the  grate.  On  the  one 
side  of  the  kitchen  were  tables  and  forms, 
and  the  people  seated  around  them  at 
supper  on  bread  and  herring,  tea  and  coffee. 
There  were  a  number  of  middle-aged  women 
among  them.  On  the  other  side  of  the 
kitchen  were  stalls  as  in  a  cofi'ee-shop.  We 
saw  several  rough-looking  men  here.  There 
was  a  rack  on  the  wall  covered  with  plates, 
ranged  carefully  in  order.  The  tables  were 
littered  with  heaps  of  bottles,  jugs,  books, 
bonnets,  baskets,  and  shirts,  like  a  broker's 
shop. 

An  old  gray-headed  man  sat  at  one  of 
the  tables  with  his  hand  on  his  temples,  a 
picture  of  extreme  misery,  his  trowsers 
old,  greasy,  and  ragj^ed,  an  old  shabby 
ragged  coat,  and  a  pair  of  old  torn  shoes. 
His  face  was  furrowed  with  age,  care,  and 
sorrow ;  his  breast  was  bare,  and  his  head 
bald  in  front.  He  had  a  long  gray  beard. 
His  arms  were  thin  and  skinny,  and  the 
dark  blue  veins  looked  through  the  back 
of  his  hands.  He  was  a  poor  vagrant,  and 
told  us  he  was  eighty-eight  years  of  age. 
There  were  about  forty  persons  present  of 
both  sexes,  and  of  various  ages ;  many  of 
them  young,  and  others  very  old. 

We  passed  on  to  Lower  Keat  Street,  and 
on  going  into  a  low  lodging-house  there  we 
saw  a  number  of  young  prostitutes,  pick- 
pockets, and  sneaks. 

We  visited  another  lodging-house  of  the 
lowest  description,  belonging  to  an  infa- 
mous man  whom  we  have  already  referred 
to.  We  were  shown  upstairs  to  a  large  room 
filled  with  beds,  by  a  coarse-featured  hideous 
old  hag,  with  a  dark  moustache.  Her  hair 
was  gray,  and  her  face  seamed  and  scarred 
with  dark  passions,  as  she  stood  before  us 
with  her  protruding  breasts  and  bloated 
figure.  Her  eyes  were  dark  and  muddy. 
She  had  two  gold  rings  on  one  of  her  fingers, 
and  was  dressed  in  a  dirty  fight  cotton 
gown,  sadly  tattered,  a  red  spotted  soiled 
handkerchief  round  her  neck,  and  a  dirty 
light  apron,  almost  black.  On  observing 
us  looking  at  her,  she  remarked,  "  I  am  an 
old  woman,  and  am  not  so  young  as  I  have 
been.  Instead  of  enjoying  the  fruit  of  my 
hard-wrought  life,  some  other  person  has 
done  it." 

On  examining  one  of  the  beds  in  the 
room,  we  found  the  bedding  to  consist  of 
two  rugs,  two  sheets  and  a  flock  bed,  with 
a  pillow  and  pillow  case,  let  at  3c?.  a  night. 
This  house  is  registered  for  thirty  lodgers. 
Young  and  middle-aged  women,  the  lowest 
prostitutes,  and  thieves  frequent  this 
house  ;  some  with  holes  cut  with  disease 
into  their  brow.  ;D— bl— n  B — 11  is  the  pro- 
prietor of  this  infamous  abode.     We  saw 


316 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


him  as  we  passed  through  the  house :  a 
shiister-looking,  middle-aged  man,  about 
5  feet  7  inches  in  height.  On  leaving  the 
house,  the  old  hag  stood  at  the  foot  of  the 
stair,  with  a  candle  in  her  hand,  a  picture 
of  horrid  misery. 

In  this  locality  we  went  into  another 
infamous  lodging-house,  a  haunt  of  prosti- 
tutes and  thieves,  mostly  young.  There 
was  a  very  interesting  boy  here,  respect- 
ably dressed,  with  a  dark  eye  and  well- 
formed  placid  countenance,  a  pickpocket. 
He  told  us  his  parents  were  dead,  and  he 
had  no  friends  and  no  home.  He  did  not 
show  any  desii-e  to  leave  his  disreputable 
life.  Several  of  them  were  seated  at  their 
supper  on  herrings,  plaice,  butter,  bread, 
and  coffee. 

We  visited  several  of  the  more  respect- 
able lodging-houses  in  George  Yard,  to 
have  a  more  complete  view  of  the  dwellings 
of  the  poor  in  this  locality.  We  entered 
one  lodging-house,  and  passed  into  the 
kitchen,  33  feet  long  by  18  feet  broad. 
There  were  tables  and  forms  planted  round 
the  room,  as  in  the  other  lodging-houses 
noticed,  and  on  the  walls  were  shelves  for 
crockery  ware.  There  was  a  sink  in  the 
corner  of  the  kitchen  for  washing  the 
dishes,  and  a  gasburner  in  the  centre  of 
the  apartment.  The  kitchen  was  well  ven- 
tilated at  the  windows.  There  was  a  large 
fire  burning,  with  a  boiler  on  each  side  of 
the  fire-place.  Over  the  mantelpiece  was 
a  range  of  bright  coffee  and  tea  pots.  Coats 
were  hung  up  on  pegs  against  the  wall,  and 
a  fender  before  the  lire.  Decent-looking 
men  were  seated  around,  some  smoking, 
some  writing,  others  eating  a  plain,  but 
comfortable  supper,  others  lounging  on 
the  seat,  exhausted  with  the  labours  of  the 
day.  In  out-houses  were  ample  washing  ac 
commodation,  and  water-closets.  Attached 
to  this  lodging-house  was  a  reading-room. 
We  went  to  the  bed-rooms,  and  saw  the 
accommodation  and  furniture.  There  were 
iron  bedsteads  with  flock  mattress  and 
bed  ;  on  each  bed  were  two  sheets,  one 
blanket,  and  a  coverlet,  a  pillow-case,  and 
a  pillow.  The  bed-rooms  were  ventilated 
by  a  flue. 

There  is  here  accommodation  for  eighty- 
nine  persons  at  3r/.  a  night,  and  there  are  on 
an  average  sixty  lodgers  each  night.  The  rec- 
tor of  Christ  Church  visits  and  supplies  the 
lodgers  with  tracts  and  religious  services, 
A  register  is  kept  of  all  the  people  who 
lodge  here.  In  this  house  Karls  was  ap- 
prehended, concerned  with  another  party 
in  the  murder  of  Mrs.  Halliday  at  Kings- 
wood  Rectory. 

We  visited  another  lodging-house  in  the 


same  neighbourhood.  The  kitchen  "vras 
large,  with  spacious  windows  in  front. 
There  was  a  large  fireplace,  with  boiler  and 
oven  with  a  large  hot  plate.  The  lodgers 
had  a  respectable  appearance — some  in 
blue  guernseys,  and  others  in  respectable 
dark  dresses.  There  was  also  a  reading- 
room  here,  with  a  dial  over  the  mantel- 
piece. Some  of  the  men  were  reading,  and 
others  engaged  in  vrriting.  There  was  ac- 
commodation for  washing,  water-closets, 
and  excellent  beds.  This  house  belongs  to 
the  same  proprietor  as  the  one  already 
described.  It  is  closed  at  1 2  o'clock,  while 
the  others  are  kept  open  all  night,  and  is 
generally  frequented  by  respectable  lodgers. 

We  also  inspected  another  lodging-house 
in  Thrall  Street  of  a  superior  kind,  where 
beds  are  to  be  had  at  '3^'.i.  a  night.  There 
are  two  superior  lodging-houses  of  the 
same  character,  kept  by  Mr.  Wilmot  and 
Mr.  Argent,  in  Thrall  Street  and  Osborne 
Place,  at  3^d.  and  4(L  a  night. 

We  thus  find  that  alongside  those  low 
lodging-houses  and  brothels,  in  the  very 
bosom  of  that  low  neighbourhood,  there 
are  respectable  lodging-houses  of  different 
gradations  in  price  and  position,  where 
working- people  and  strangers  can  be  ac- 
commodated at  3c/.,  3J.'i.,  and  4(1.  a  night, 
in  which  decency,  cleanliness,  and  morality 
prevail. 

In  the  course  of  our  visits  to  Spitalficlds 
we  found  two  institutions  of  high  value 
and  special  interest — a  ragged  school  and 
a  reformatory  for  young  women.  The 
ragged  school  was  instituted  by  the  Rev. 
Hugh  Allen,  the  incumbent  of  Sr.  .Tude's,  in 
1853.  There  are  at  present  350  ragged 
children  of  both  sexes  attending  it,  aver- 
aging from  four  to  fifteen  years  of  age.  They 
are  taught  by  Mr.  Holland,  a  most  intelli- 
gent and  devoted  teacher,  who  is  exercising 
a  powerful  influence  for  good  in  that  dark 
and  criminal  locality. 

A  female  reformatory  was  lately  insti- 
tuted by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Thornton,  the  present 
incumbent  of  St.  Jude's,  who  labours  with 
unwearied  energy  in  this  district.  This 
asylum  is  in  Wentworth  Street,  and  is 
fitted  to  accommodate  eighteen  persons. 


Narrative  of  a  Pickpocket. 
The  following  recital  was  given  us  by  a 
young  man  who  had  till  lately  been  an 
adroit  pickpocket  in  various  districts  of 
London,  but  has  now  become  a  patterer 
for  his  livelihood.  He  is  about  the  middle 
height,  of  sallow  complexion,  with  a  rich 
dark,  penetrating  eye,  a  moustache  and 
beard.     He   is   a  man   of  tolerably   good 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


817 


education,  and  lias  a  most  intelligent  mind, 
well  furnished  with  reading  and  general 
information.  At  the  time  we  met  him,  he 
was  rather  melancholy  and  crushed  .in 
spirit,  which  he  stated  was  the  result  of 
repeated  imprisonments,  and  the  anxiety 
and  suspense  connected  with  his  wild  crimi- 
nal life,  and  the  heavy  trials  he  has  under- 
gone. The  woman  who  cohabits  with  him 
was  then  in  one  of  the  London  prisons, 
and  he  was  residing  in  a  low  lodging-house 
in  the  west  end  of  the  metropolis.  While 
giving  us  several  exciting  passages  in  his 
narrative,  his  countenance  lightened  up 
with  intense  interest  and  adventurous  ex- 
pression, though  his  general  mien  was 
calm  and  collected.  As  we  endeavoured 
to  inspire  him  with  hope,  in  an  honest 
career,  he  mournfully  shook  his  head  as 
he  looked  forward  to  the  difficulties  in  his 
path.  He  was  then  shabbily  dressed  in  a 
dark  frock-coat,  dai'k  trousers,  and  cap. 
We  give  his  narrative  almost  verbatim  : — 

"1  was  born  in  a  little  hamlet,  iive  miles 
from  Shrewsbury,  in  the  county  of  Shrop- 
shire, in  October  1830,  and  am  now  thirty- 
one  years  of  age.  My  father  was  a  Wesleyan 
minister,  and  died  in  1854,  after  being 
subject  to  the  yellow  jaundice  for  five  or  six 
years,  during  which  time  he  was  not  able 
to  officiate.  My  mother  was  a  Yorkshire 
woman,  and  her  father  kept  a  shoemaker's 
shop  in  the  town  of  Full  Sutton.  I  had 
two  brothers,  one  of  them  older  and  the 
other  younger  than  I,  and  a  sister  two  years 
younger. 

"  I  went  to  school  to  learn  to  write  and 
cipher,  and  had  before  this  learned  to  read 
at  home  with  my  father  and  mother.  We 
had  a  very  happy  home,  and  very  strict  in 
the  way  of  religion.  I  believe  that  my 
father  would  on  no  account  tolerate  such  a 
thing  as  stopping  out  after  nine  o'clock  at 
night,  and  have  heard  my  mother  often 
say  that  all  the  time  she  was  wedded  to 
him,  she  never  had  known  him  the  worse 
of  liquor.  My  father  had  family  worship 
every  night  between  8  and  9  o'clock,  when 
the  curtains  were  drawn  over  the  windows, 
the  candle  was  lighted,  and  each  of  the 
children  was  taught  to  kneel  separately  at 
prayer.  After  reading  the  Bible  and  half 
an  hour's  conversation,  each  one  retired  to 
their  bed.  In  the  morning  my  father  would 
get  up  and  attend  to  a  small  pony  he  had, 
and  w^hen  I  was  very  young  we  had  a  stout 
girl  who  milked  the  cow  and  did  the  dairy 
and  household  work.  The  house  we  lived 
in  was  my  grandfather's  property,  but 
being  a  man  very  fond  of  money,  my 
father  paid  him  the  rent  as  if  he  had  been 
a  stranger. 


"  There  were  two  acres  of  land  attached 
to  the  house,  as  nearly  as  I  can  recollect ; 
about  half  an  acre  was  kept  in  cultivation 
as  a  garden,  and  the  other  was  tilled  and 
set  apart  for  the  pony  and  cow. 

"  Our  people  were  much  respected  in  the 
neighbourhood.  If  there  were  any  bicker- 
ings among  the  neighbours,  they  came  to 
my  father  to  settle  them,  and  anything  he 
said  they  generally  yielded  to  without  a 
murmur.  In  the  winter  time,  when  work 
was  slack  among  the  poor  labouring  people, 
though  my  father  had  little  himself  to  give, 
he  got  money  from  others  to  distribute 
among  those  who  were  the  most  deserving. 
I  lived  very  happy  and  comfortable  at  home, 
but  always  compelled,  though  against 
my  own  inclination,  to  go  twice  to  service 
on  the  Sunday,  and  twice  during  the  week 
(Tuesday  and  Friday).  I  always  seemed 
to  have  a  rebellious  nature  against  these 
religious  services,  and  they  were  a  disagree- 
able task  to  me,  though  my  father  took 
more  pains  with  me  than  with  m}^  brothers 
and  sister.  I  always  rebelled  against  this 
in  my  heart,  though  I  did  not  display  it 
openly. 

"  I  was  a  favourite  with  my  father,  per- 
haps more  so  than  any  of  the  others.  For 
example,  if  Wombwell's  menagerie  would 
come  to  Shrewsbury  for  a  short  time,  he 
would  have  taken  me  instead  of  my 
brothers  to  visit  it,  and  would  there 
speak  of  the  wonders  of  God  and  of 
his  handiwork  in  the  creation  of  animals. 
Everything  tliat  he  said  and  did  was 
tinged  with  religion,  and  religion  of  an 
ascetic  argumentative  turn.  It  was  a 
kind  of  religion  that  seemed  to  banish 
eternally  other  sects  from  happiness  and 
from  heaven. 

"  My  mind  at  this  time  was  injured  by  the 
narrow  rehgious  prejudices  I  saw  around 
me.  We  often  had  ministers  to  dinner  and 
supper  at  our  house,  and  always  after  their 
meals  the  conversation  would  be  sure  to 
turn  into  discussions  on  the  different  points 
of  doctrine.  I  can  recollect  as  well  now  as 
though  it  were  yesterday  the  texts  used  on 
the  various  sides  of  the  question,  and  the 
stress  laid  on  different  passages  to  uphold 
their  arguments.  At  this  time  I  would  be 
sitting  there  greedily  drinking  in  every 
word,  and  as  soon  as  they  were  gone  I 
would  fly  to  the  Bible  and  examine  the 
different  texts  of  Scripture  they  had 
brought  forward,  and  it  seemed  to  produce 
a  feeling  in  my  mind  that  any  religious  opi- 
nions could  be  plausibly  supported  by  it. 
The  arguments  on  these  occasions  generally 
hinged  on  two  main  points,  predestination 
and  election.     My  father's   opinions   were 


318 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


those  of  tlie  Wesleyan  creed,  the  salvatioD 
of  all  through  the  blood  of  Christ. 

"  These  continual  discussions  seemed  to 
steel  my  heart  completely  against  religion. 
They  caused  me  to  be  very  disobedient  and 
unruly,  and  led  to  my  falling  cut  with  my 
grandfather,  who  had  a  good  deal  of  pro- 
perty that  was  expected  to  come  to  our 
family.  Though  I  was  young,  he  bitterly 
resented  this.  In  1839  he  was  accidentally 
drowned,  and  it  was  found  when  his  will 
was  opened  that  I  was  not  mentioned  in  it. 
The  whole  of  his  property  was  left  to  my 
father,  with  the  exception  of  four  houses, 
which  he  had  an  interest  in  till  my  brothers 
and  sister  arrived  at  the  age  of  twenty-one. 
Again  the  property  that  was  left  to  my 
father  for  the  whole  of  his  life  he  had  no 
power  to  will  away  at  his  death,  as  it  went 
to  a  distant  relative  of  my  grandfathers. 

"  This  was  the  first  cause  of  my  leaving 
home.  It  seemed  to  rankle  in  my  boyish 
mind  that  I  was  a  black  sheep,  something 
different  from  my  brothers  and  sister. 

"After  being  several  times  spoken  to  by 
my  father  about  my  quarrelsome  disposition 
with  my  brothers  and  sister,  I  threatened, 
young  as  I  was,  to  burn  the  house  down 
the  first  opportunity  I  got.  This  threat, 
though  not  uttered  in  my  father's  hearing, 
came  to  his  ear,  and  he  gave  me  a  severe 
beating  for  it,  the  first  time  he  ever  cor- 
rected me.  This  was  in  the  summer  of 
1840,  in  the  end  of  May.  I  determined  to 
leave  home,  and  took  nothing  away  but 
what  belonged  to  me,  I  had  four  sove- 
reigns of  pocket  money,  and  the  suit 
of  clothes  I  had  on  and  a  shirt.  I 
walked  to  Shrewsbury  and  took  the  coach 
to  London,  When  I  got  to  London  I  had 
neither  friend  nor  acquaintance,  I  first 
put  up  in  a  coffee-shop  in  the  Mile  End 
Road,  and  lodged  there  for  seven  weeks,  till 
my  money  was  nearly  all  spent. 

"  During  this  time  my  clothes  had  been 
getting  shabby  and  dirty,  having  no  one  to 
look  after  me.  After  being  there  for  seven 
weeks  I  went  to  a  mean  lodging-house  at 
Field  Lane,  Holborn.  There  I  met  with 
characters  I  had  never  seen  before,  and 
heard  language  that  I  had  not  formerly 
heard.  This  was  about  July,  1840,  and  1 
was  about  ten  years  of  age  the  ensuing 
October.  I  stopped  there  about  three 
weeks  doing  nothing.  At  the  end  of  that 
time  I  was  completely  destitute, 

"  The  landlady  took  pity  on  me  as  a  poor 
country  boy  who  had  been  well  brought  up, 
and  kept  me  for  some  days  longer  after  my 
money  was  done.  During  these  few  days  I 
had  very  little  to  eat,  except  what  was 
given  me  by  some  of  the  lodgers  when  they 


got  their  own  meals.  I  often  thought  at 
that  time  of  my  home  in  the  country,  and 
of  what  my  father  and  mother  might  be 
doing,  as  I  had  never  written  to  them  since 
the  day  I  had  first  left  my  home. 

"I  sometimes  was  almost  tempted  to 
write  to  them  and  let  them  know  the  posi- 
tion I  was  in,  as  I  knew  they  would  gladly 
send  me  up  money  to  return  home,  but  my 
stubborn  spirit  was  not  broke  then.  After 
being  totally  destitute  for  two  or  three 
days,  I  was  turned  out  of  doors,  a  little  boy 
in  the  great  world  of  London,  with  no 
friend  to  assist  me,  and  perfectly  ignorant 
of  the  ways  and  means  of  getting  a  living 
in  London. 

"  I  was  taken  by  several  poor  ragged  boys 
to  sleep  in  the  dark  arches  of  the  Adelphi. 
I  often  saw  the  boys  follow  the  male  pas- 
sengers when  the  halfpenny  boats  came  to 
the  Adelphi  stairs,  i.e.,  the  part  of  the 
river  almost  opposite  to  the  Adeljjhi 
Theatre.  I  could  not  at  first  make  out  the 
meaning  of  this,  but  I  soon  found  they 
generally  had  one  or  two  handkerchiefs 
when  the  passengers  left.  At  this  time 
there  was  a  prison-van  in  the  Adelphi 
arches,  without  wheels,  which  was  con- 
structed different  from  the  present  prison- 
van,  as  it  had  no  boxes  in  the  interior. 
The  boys  used  to  take  me  with  them  into 
the  prison- van.  There  we  used  to  meet  a 
man  my  companions  called  '  Larry,'  I  knew 
him  by  no  other  name  for  the  time.  He 
used  to  give  almost  what  price  he  liked  for 
the  handkerchiefs.  If  they  refused  to  give 
them  at  the  price  he  named,  he  would 
threaten  them  in  several  ways.  He  said 
he  would  get  the  other  boys  to  drive  them 
away,  and  not  allow  them  to  get  any  more 
handkerchiefs  there.  If  this  did  not  in- 
timidate them,  he  would  threaten  to  give 
them  in  charge,  so  that  at  last  they  were 
compelled  to  take  whatever  price  he  liked 
to  give  them, 

"  I  have  seen  handkerchiefs,  I  afterwards 
found  out  to  be  of  the  value  of  four  or  five 
shillings,  sold  him  lumped  together  at  dd. 
each. 

"  The  boys,  during  this  time,  had  been 
very  kind  to  me,  sharing  what  they  got 
with  me,  but  always  asking  why  I  did  not 
try  my  hand,  till  at  last  I  was  ashamed 
to  live  any  longer  upon  the  food  they  gave 
me,  without  doing  something  for  myself. 
One  of  the  boys  attached  himself  to  me 
more  than  the  others,  whom  we  used  to 
call  Joe  Muckraw,  who  was  afterwards 
transported,  and  is  now  in  a  comfortable 
position  in  Australia. 

"  Joe  said  to  me,  that  when  the  next  boat 
came  in,  if  any  man  came   out  likely  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


319 


carry  a  good  handkerchief,  he  would  let  me 
have  a  chance  at  it.  I  recollect  when  the 
boat  came  in  that  evening  :  I  think  it  was 
the  last  one,  about  nine  o'clock.  I  saw  an 
elderly  gentleman  step  ashore,  and  a  lady 
with  him.  They  had  a  httle  dog,  with  a 
string  attached  to  it,  that  they  led  along. 
Before  Joe  said  anything  to  me,  he  had 
'  fanned '  the  gentleman's  pocket,  i.e.,  had 
felt  the  pocket  and  knew  there  was  a  hand- 
kerchief. 

"  He  whispered  to  me,  *  Now  Dick,  have 
a  try,'  and  1  went  to  the  old  gentleman's 
side,  trembling  all  the  time,  and  Joe  stand- 
ing close  to  me  in  the  dark,  and  went  with 
him  up  the  steep  hill  of  the  Adelphi.  He 
had  just  passed  an  apple-stall  there,  Joe 
still  following  us,  encouraging  me  all  the 
time,  while  the  old  gentleman  was  en- 
gaged with  the  little  dog.  I  took  out  a 
green  '  kingsman,'  (handkerchief)  next  in 
value  to  a  black  silk  handkerchief.  (They 
are  used  a  good  deal  as  neckerchiefs  by 
costermongers).  The  gentleman  did  not 
perceive  his  loss.  We  immediately  went 
to  the  arches  and  entered  the  van  where 
Larry  was,  and  Joe  said  to  him  '  There  is 
Dick's  first  trial,  and  you  must  give  him  a 
"ray"  for  it,'  i.e.  Is.  6d.  After  a  deal  of 
pressing,  we  got  Is.  for  it. 

"  After  that  I  gained  confidence,  and  in 
the  course  of  a  few  weeks  I  was  considered 
the  cleverest  of  the  little  band,  never 
missing  one  boat  coming  in,  and  getting 
one  or  two  handkerchiefs  on  each  occasion. 
Daring  the  time  we  knew  there  were  no 
boats  coming  we  used  to  waste  our  money 
on  sweets,  and  fruits,  and  went  often  in  the 
evenings  to  the  Victoria  Theatre,  and 
Bower  Saloon,  and  other  places.  When  we 
came  out  at  twelve,  or  half-past  twelve  at 
night,  we   went  to  the  arches   again,  and 

/  slept  in  the  prison-van.     This  was  the  life 

j  I  led  till  January,  1841. 

"  During  that  month  several  men  came 
to  us.  I  did  not  know,  although  I  after- 
wards heard  they  were  brought  by  '  Larry  ' 
to  watch  me,  as  he  had  been  speaking  of  my 
cleverness  at  the  'tail,'  *.e.,  stealing  from 
the  tails  of  gentlemen's  coats,  and  they 
used  to  make  me  presents.  It  seemed  they 
were  not  satisfied  altogether  with  me,  for 
they  did  not  tell  me  what  they  wanted,  nor 
speak  their  mind  to  me.  About  the 
middle  of  the  month  I  was  seized  by  a  gen- 
tleman, who  caught  me  with  his  handker- 
chief in  my  hand.  I  was  taken  to  Bow 
Street  police-station,  and  got  two  months 
in  Westminster  Bridewell. 

"  I  came  out  in  March,  and  when  outside 
the  gate  of  Westminster  Bridewell,  there 
was  a  cab  waiting  for  me,  and  two  of  the 


men  standing  by  who  had  often  made  me 
presents  and  spoken  to  me  in  the  arChes. 
They  asked  mc  if  I  would  go  with  them,  and 
took  me  into  the  cab.  I  was  willing  to  go 
anywhere  to  better  myself,  and  went  with 
them  to  riower-and-Dean  Street,  Brick 
Lane,  Whitechapel.  They  took  me  to  their 
own  home.  One  of  them  had  the  first 
floor  of  a  house  there,  the  other  had  the 
second.  Both  were  living  with  women,  and 
I  found  out  shortly  afterwards  that  these 
men  had  lately  had  a  boy,  but  he  was 
transported  about  that  time,  though  I  did 
not  know  this  then.  They  gave  me  plenty 
to  eat,  and  one  of  the  women,  by  name 
'  Emily,'  washed  and  cleansed  me,  and  I  got 
new  clothes  to  put  on.  For  three  days  I 
was  not  asked  to  do  anything,  but  in  the 
meantime  they  had  been  talking  to  me  of 
going  with  them,  and  having  no  more  to 
do  with  the  boys  at  the  Adelphi,  or  with 
the  'tail,'  but  to  work  at  picking  ladies' 
pockets. 

*•  I  thought  it  strange  at  first,  but  found 
afterwards  that  it  was  more  easy  to  work 
on  a  woman's  pocket  than  upon  a  man's, 
for  this  reason  : — More  jjersons  work  to- 
gether, and  the  boy  is  well  surrounded  by 
companions  older  than  himself,  and  is 
shielded  from  the  eyes  of  the  jDassers-by  ; 
and,  besides,  it  pays  better. 

It  was  on  a  Saturday,  in  company  with 
three  men,  I  set  out  on  an  excursion 
from  Flower-and-Dean  Street  along  Cheap- 
side.  The}'^  were  young  men,  from  nine- 
teen to  twenty-five  jeaxs  of  age,  dressed  in 
fashionable  style.  I  was  clothed  in  the 
suit  given  me  when  I  came  out  of  prison, 
a  beaver-hat,  a  little  surtout-coat  and  trou- 
sers, both  of  black  cloth,  and  a  black  silk 
necktie  and  collar,  dressed  as  a  gentleman's 
son.  We  went  into  a  pastry-cook's  shop  in 
St.  Paul's  Churchyard  about  half-past  two 
in  the  afternoon,  and  had  pastry  there,  and 
they  were  watching  the  ladies  coming  into 
the  shop,  till  at  last  they  followed  one  out, 
taking  me  with  them. 

"  As  this  was  my  first  essay  in  having  any- 
thing to  do  in  stealing  from  a  woman,  I 
believe  they  were  nervous  themselves,  but 
they  had  well  tutored  me  during  the  two 
or  three  days  I  had  been  out  of  prison. 
They  had  stood  against  me  in  the  room 
while  Emily  walked  to  and  fro,  and  I  had 
practised  on  her  pocket  by  taking  out 
sometimes  a  lady's  clasp  purse,  termed  a 
'  portemonnaie,'  and  other  articles  out  of 
her  pocket,  and  thus  I  v/as  not  quite  igno- 
rant of  what  was  expected  of  me.  One 
walked  in  front  of  me,  one  on  my  right 
hand,  and  the  other  in  the  rear,  and  I  had 
the  lady  on  my  left  hand.      I  immediately 


320 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOR. 


'  fanned '  her  (felt  her  pocket),  as  she 
stopped  to  look  in  at  a  hosier's  window, 
when  I  took  her  purse  and  gave  it  to  one  of 
them,  and  we  immediately  went  to  a  house 
in  Giltspur  Street.  We  there  examined 
what  was  in  the  purse.  I  think  there  was 
a  sovereign,  and  about  17s.,  I  cannot  speak 
positively  how  much.  The  purse  was 
thrown  away,  as  is  the  general  rule,  and  we 
went  down  Newgate  Street,  into  Cheapside, 
and  there  we  soon  got  four  more  purses 
that  afternoon,  and  went  home  by  five 
o'clock,  P.M.  I  recollect  how  they  pi'aised 
me  afterwards  that  night  at  home  for  my 
cleverness. 

"  I  think  we  did  not  go  out  again  till  the 
Tuesday,  and  that  and  the  following  day 
we  had  a  good  pull.  It  amounted  to  about 
.19/.  each.  They  always  take  care  to  allow 
the  boy  to  see  what  is  in  the  purse,  and  to 
give  him  his  proper  share  equal  with  the 
others,  because  he  is  their  sole  support. 
If  they  should  lose  him,  they  would  be 
unable  to  do  anything  till  they  got  another. 
Out  of  my  share,  which  was  about  19/.,  I 
bought  a  silver  watch  and  a  gold  chain, 
and  about  this  time  I  also  bought  an  over- 
coat, and  carried  it  on  my  left  arm  to  cover 
my  movements. 

"  A  few  weeks  after  this  we  went  to  Sur- 
rey Gardens,  and  I  got  two  purses  from 
ladies.  In  one  of  them  were  some  French 
coins  and  a  ring,  that  was  afterwards  ad- 
vertised as  either  lost  or  stolen  in  the  gar- 
den. Wc  did  very  well  that  visit,  and  were 
thinking  of  going  again,  when  1  was  caught 
in  Fleet  Street,  and  they  had  no  means  of 
getting  me  away,  though  they  tried  all  they 
could  to  secure  my  escape.  They  could 
not  do  it  without  exposing  themselves  to 
too  much  suspicion.  I  was  sentenced  to 
three  months'  imprisonment  i-n  Bridge 
Street  Bridewell,  Blackfriars,  termed  by 
the  thieves  the  Old  Horse. 

"This  was  shortly  before  Christmas, 
1840.  During  my  imprisonment  I  did  not 
live  on  the  prison  diet,  but  was  kept  on 
good  rations  supplied  to  me  through  the 
kindness  of  my  comrades  out  of  doors  bri- 
bing the  turnkeys.  I  had  tea  of  a  morning, 
bread  and  butter,  and  often  cold  meat. 
Meat  and  all  kinds  of  pastry  was  sent  to 
me  from  a  cook-shop  outside,  and  I  was 
allowed  to  sit  up  later  than  other  j)risoners. 
During  the  time  1  was  in  prison  foi'  these 
three  months  1  learned  to  smoke,  as  cigars 
were  introduced  to  me. 

"  When  1  came  out  we  often  used  to  at- 
tend the  theatres,  and  I  have  often  had  as 
many  as  six  or  seven  ladies'  purses  in  the 
rear  of  the  boxes  during  the  time  they  were 
coming  out.     Tliis  was  the  time  when  the 


pantomimes  were  in  their  full  attraction. 
It  is  easier  to  pick  a  female's  pocket  when 
she  has  several  children  with  her  to  attract 
her  attention  than  if  she  were  there  by 
herself. 

"  We  went  out  once  or  twice  a  week, 
sometimes  stopt  in  a  whole  week,  and  sal- 
lied out  ou  Sunday.  I  often  got  purses 
coming-  down  the  steps  at  Spitalfields' 
Church.  I  believe  I  have  done  so  hun- 
dreds of  times.  This  church  was  near  to 
us,  and  easily  got  at. 

"Yv"e  went  to  Madame  Tussaud's,  Baker 
Street,  and  were  pretty  lucky  there.  At 
this  time  we  hired  horses  and  a  trap  to  go 
down  to  Epsom  races,  but  did  not  take  any 
of  the  women  with  us. 

"I  was  generally  employed  working  in 
the  streets  rather  than  at  places  of  amuse- 
ment, &c.,  and  was  in  dread  that  my  father 
or  some  of  my  friends  might  come  and  see 
me  at  some  of  these. 

"  When  at  the  Epsom  races,  shortly  after 
the  termination  of  the  race  for  the  Derby, 
I  was  induced,  much  against  my  will,  to 
turn  my  hand  upon  two  ladies  as  they  were 
stepping  into  a  carriage,  and  was  detected 
by  the  ladies.  There  was  immediately  an 
outcry,  but  I  was  got  away  by  two  of  my 
comrades.  The  other  threw  himself  in  the 
way,  and  kept  them  back ;  was  taken  up 
on  suspicioii,  committed  for  trial,  and  got 
four  months'  imprisonment. 

"  I  kept  with  the  other  men,  and  we  got 
another  man  in  his  place.  When  his  time 
was  expired  they  went  down  to  meet  him, 
and  he  did  not  go  out  for  some  time  after- 
wards— for  nearly  a  fortnight.  After  that 
we  went  out,  and  had  different  degrees  of 
luck,  and  one  of  the  men  was  seized  with  a 
decline,  and  died  at  Brompton  in  the  hos- 
pital. Like  the  other  stalls,  ho  usually 
went  well-dressed,  and  had  a  good  appear- 
ance. His  chief  work  v/as  to  guard  me  and 
get  me  out  of  difficulty  when  I  was  detected, 
as  I  was  the  support  of  the  band. 

"  About  this  time,  as  nearly  as  I  can  re- 
collect, when  I  was  two  months  over  thirteen 
years  of  age,  I  first  kept  a  woman.  We  had 
apartments,  a  front  and  back  room  of  our 
own.  She  was  a  tall,  thin,  genteel  girl,  about 
fifteen  years  of  age,  and  very  good-looking. 
I  often  ill-used  her  and  beat  her.  She 
bore  it  patiently  till  I  carried  it  too  far,  and 
at  last  she  left  me  in  the  summer  of  1844. 
During  the  time  she  was  with  me — which 
lasted  for  nine  or  ten  months — I  was  very 
fortunate,  and  was  never  without  20/.  or 
30/,  in  my  pocket,  while  she  had  the  same 
in  hers.  I  was  dressed  in  fashionable  stylo, 
and  had  a  gold  watch  and  gold  guard. 

"  Meantime  I  had  been  busy  vv'ith  these 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOIi. 


321 


men,  as  usual  going  to  Cheapside,  St.  Paul's 
Churchyard,  and  Fleet  Street.  3n  the  end 
of  the  year  1844  I  was  taken  up  for  an  at- 
tempt on  a  lady  in  St.  Martin's  Lane,  near 
Ben  Caunt's.  The  conviction  was  brought 
against  me  from  the  Uity,  and  I  got  six 
months  in  Tothill-fields  Prison. 

"  This  was  my  first  real  imprisonment  of 
any  length.  At  first  I  was  a  month  in 
Tothill  Fields,  and  afterwards  three  months 
in  the  City  Bridewell,  Blackfriars,  where  I 
had  a  good  deal  of  indulgence,  and  did  not 
feel  the  imprisonment  so  much.  The  silent 
system  was  strict,  and  being  very  wilful,  I 
was  often  under  punishment.  It  had  such 
an  effect  on  me,  that  for  the  last  six  weeks 
of  my  imprisonment  I  was  in  the  infirmary. 
The  men  came  down  to  meet  me  when  my 
punishment  expired,  and  I  again  accom- 
panied them  to  their  house. 

*' During  the  time  I  had  been  in  prison 
they  had  got  another  boy,  but  they  said 
they  would  willingly  turn  him  away  or  give 
him  to  some  other  men  ;  but  I,  being  self- 
willed,  said  they  might  keep  him.  I  had 
another  reason  for  parting  with  them. 
When  I  went  to  prison  I  had  property 
worth  a  good  deal  of  money.  On  coming 
out  I  found  they  had  sold  it,  and  they  never 
gave  me  value  for  it.  They  pretended  it 
was  laid  out  in  my  defence,  which  I  knew 
was  only  a  pretext. 

"Before  I  was  imprisoned  my  girl  had 
parted  from  me,  which  was  the  beginning 
of  my  misfortunes. 

"  I  would  not  go  to  work  with  them 
afterwards.  I  had  a  little  money,  and  at  a 
public-house  I  met  with  two  men  living 
down  Gravel  Lane,  EatclifFe  Highway.  I 
went  down  there,  and  commenced  working 
with  two  of  them  on  ladies'  pockets,  but  in 
a  different  part  of  the  town.  We  went  to 
Whitechapel  and  the  Commercial  Road  ; 
but  had  not  worked  six  weeks  with  them 
before  I  was  taken  up  again,  and  was  tried 
at  Old  Arbour  Square,  and  got  three 
months'  imprisonment  at  Coldbath  Fields. 
If  I  thought  Tothill  Fields  was  bad,  I  found 
the  other  worse. 

"  When  I  got  out  I  had  no  one  to  meet 
me,  and  thought  I  would  work  by  myself. 
It  was  about  this  time  I  commenced  to 
steal  gentlemen's  watches. 

"  The  first  I  took  was  from  the  fob  of  a 
countryman  in  Smithfield  on  a  market  day. 
It  was  a  silver  watch,  which  we  called  a 
*  Frying  Pan.'  It  had  not  a  guard,  but  an 
old  chain  and  seals.  It  fetched  me  about 
18s.  I  took  off  one  of  the  seals  which  was 
gold,  which  brought  me  as  much  as  the 
watch,  if  not  more.  I  sold  it  to  a  man  I 
was  acquainted  with  in  Field  Lane,  where 


I  first  lodged,  after  leaving  the  coffee-shop 
when  I  first  came  to  London,  and  where 
the  landlady  gave  me  several  nights'  lodging 
gratuitously.  I  repaid  her  the  small  sum 
due  her  for  her  former  kindness  to  me. 

"  I  lodged  there,  and  shortly  after  co- 
habited with  another  female.  She  was  a 
big  stout  woman,  ten  years  older  than  1 ; 
well-made,  but  coarse-featured.  I  did  not 
live  with  her  long — only  three  or  four 
months.  I  was  then  only  fifteen  years  of  age. 
During  that  time  I  always  worked  by  my- 
self. Sometimes  she  would  go  out  with 
me,  but  she  was  no  help  to  me.  I  looked 
out  for  crowds  at  fairs,  at  tires,  and  on  any 
occasion  where  there  was  a  gathering  of 
people,  as  at  this  time  I  generally  confined 
myself  to  watches  and  pins  from  men. 

"  I  was  not  so  lucky  then,  and  barely 
kept  myself  in  respectability.  My  woman 
was  very  extravagant,  and  swallowed  up  all 
I  could  make.  I  lived  with  her  about 
four  months,  when  I  was  taken  up  in  Ex- 
mouth  Street,  Clerkenwell,  and  got  four 
months'  imprisonment  in  Coldbath  Fields 
Prison. 

"  When  my  sentence  was  expired  she 
came  to  meet  me  at  the  gate  of  the  prison, 
and  we  remained  together  only  two  days, 
when  I  heard  reports  that  she  had  been 
unfaithful  to  me.  I  never  charged  her  with 
it,  but  ran  away  from  her. 

"  When  I  left  her  I  went  to  live  in  Charles 
Street,  Drury  Lane.  I  stopped  there  work- 
ing by  myself  for  five  or  six  months,  and 
got  acquainted  with  a  young  woman  who 
has  ever  since  been  devoted  to  me.  She 
is  now  thirty-three  years  of  age,  but  looks 
a  good  deal  older  than  she  is,  and  is  about 
the  middle  height.  We  took  a  room  and 
furnished  it.  I  soon  got  acquainted  with 
some  of  the  swell-mob  at  the  Seven  Dials, 
and  went  working  along  with  three  of  them 
upon  the  ladies'  purses  again.  At  this  time 
I  was  a  great  deal  luckier  with  them  than 
I  had  been  since  I  had  left  Tothill-fields 
Prison.  I  worked  with  them  till  April  1847, 
visiting  the  chief  places  of  public  resort, 
such  as  the  Surrey  Gardens,  Regent's  Park, 
Zoological  Gardens,  Madame  Tussaud's,  the 
Colosseum,  and  other  places.  Other  two 
comrades  and  I  were  arrested  at  the  Colos- 
seum for  picking  a  lady's  pocket.  We  were 
taken  to  Albany  Street  station-house,  and 
the  next  day  committed  for  trial  at  the 
sessions.  I  had  twelve  months'  imprison- 
ment for  this  offence,  and  the  other  two 
got  four  years'  penal  servitude,  on  account 
of  previous  convictions.  I  had  only  sum- 
mary convictions,  which  were  not  produced 
at  the  trial. 

"  At  this  time  summary  convictions  were 


322 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


not  brought  against  a  prisoner  committed 
for  trial. 

"  We  were  frequently  watched  by  the 
police  and  detectives,  who  followed  our 
track,  and  were  often  in  the  same  places 
of  amusement  with  us.  We  knew  them  as 
well  as  they  knew  us,  and  often  eluded  them. 
Their  following  us  has  often  been  the  means 
of  our  doing  nothing  on  many  of  these  oc- 
casions, as  we  knew  their  eye  was  upon  us. 

"  I  came  out  of  prison  three  or  four  days 
before  the  gathering  of  the  Chartists  on 
Kennington  Common.  My  female  friend 
met  me  as  I  came  out. 

"  I  went  to  this  gathering  on  10th  April, 
1848,  along  with  other  three  men.  I  took 
several  ladies'  purses  there,  amounting  to 
31.  or  42.,  when  we  saw  a  gentleman  place  a 
pocketbook  in  the  tail  of  his  coat.  Though 
I  had  done  nothing  at  the  tail  for  a  long 
time,  it  was  too  great  a  temptation,  and  I 
immediately  seized  it.  There  was  a  bundle 
of  bank-notes  in  it — 7  ten-pound  notes,  2 
for  twenty  pounds,  and  5  five-pound  notes. 
We  got  from  the  fence  or  receiver  41.  10s. 
for  each  of  the  5^.,  81.  10s.  for  the  tens,  and 
181.  for  the  20/.  notes. 

"The  same  afternoon  I  took  a  purse  in, 
Trafalgar  Square  with  about  eighteen  sove- 
reigns in  it.  I  kept  walking  in  company 
with  the  same  men  till  the  commencement 
of  1849,  when  I  was  taken  ill  and  laid  up 
with  rheumatism.  I  lost  the  use  of  my 
legs  in  a  great  measure,  and  could  not  walk, 
and  paid  away  my  money  to  physicians. 
Before  I  got  better,  such  articles  as  we  had 
were  disposed  of,  though  my  girl  helped 
me  as  well  as  she  could. 

"In  the  early  part  of  1849,  when  I  was 
not  able  to  go  out  and  do  anything,  Sally, 
who  cohabited  with  me,  went  out  along 
with  another  girl  and  commenced  stealing 
in  omnibuses.  She  was  well-dressed,  and 
had  a  respectable  appearance.  I  did  not 
learn  her  to  pick  pockets,  and  was  averse 
to  it  at  first,  as  I  did  not  wish  to  bring  her 
into  danger.  I  think  she  was  trained  by 
my  pals.  She  was  very  clever,  and  sup- 
ported me  till  I  was  able  to  go  out  again. 
I  had  to  walk  with  a  crutch  for  some  time, 
but  gradually  got  better  and  stronger. 
Some  time  after  that  I  got  into  a  row  at  the 
Seven  Dials,  and  was  sent  for  a  month  to 
Westminster  prison  for  an  assault. 

"  When  I  came  out  I  was  sorry  to  find 
that  Sally  was  taken  up  and  committed  for 
trial  for  an  omnibus  robbery,  and  had  got 
six  months'  imprisonment  at  Westminster. 
This  was  in  1850.  I  succeeded  very  well 
during  the  time  she  was  in  prison  in  pick- 
ing ladies'  pockets  during  the  time  of  the 
Great  Exhibition  at  Hyde  Park. 


"  When  she  came  out,  I  had  nearly  200?. 
by  me.  I  did  not  go  out  for  some  time, 
and  soon  made  the  money  fly,  for  I  was 
then  a  cribbage  player,  and  would  stake  as 
much  as  21.  or  3^.  on  a  game. 

"In  the  end  of  the  year  1851  I  was 
pressed  for  the  first  time  to  have  a  hand 
at  a  crack  in  the  City  along  with  other  two 
men.  I  was  led  through  their  represen- 
tations to  believe  they  were  experienced 
burglars,  but  found  afterwards,  if  they  luere 
experienced  they  were  not  very  clever. 
Though  they  got  a  plan,  they  blundered  in 
the  execution  of  it  in  getting  into  the 
place,  and  went  into  the  wrong  room,  so 
that  they  had  to  get  thro'  another  wall, 
which  caused  us  to  be  so  late  that  it  was 
gray  in  the  morning  before  we  got  away  ; 
and  we  did  not  find  so  much  as  we  ex- 
pected. 

"  At  the  back  of  the  premises  we  cut 
our  way  into  the  passage,  and,  according 
to  the  directions  given  to  us  in  the  plan 
that  had  been  drawn,  we  had  to  go  up  to 
the  second  floor,  and  enter  a  door  there. 
We  found  nothing  in  the  room  we  had 
entered  but  neckties  and  collars,  which 
would  not  have  paid  us  for  bringing  them 
away.  We  then  had  to  work  our  way 
through  a  back  wall,  before  we  got  into 
the  apartment  where  the  silks  were  stored. 
They  cut  through  the  brick  v/all  very 
cleverly.  We  had  all  taken  rum  to  steady 
our  nerve  before  we  went  to  the  work. 

"We  had  gone  up  the  wrong  staircase, 
which  was  the  cause  of  our  having  to  cut 
through  the  wall.  There  was  only  one  man 
that  slept  in  the  house,  and  he  was  in  a 
room  on  the  basement.  We  at  last,  after 
much  labour  and  delay,  got  into  the  right 
room,  pressed  the  bolt  back,  and  found  we 
could  get  away  by  the  other  staircase.  We 
got  silks,  handkerchiefs,  and  other  drapery 
goods,  and  had  about  18?.  each  after  dis- 
posing of  them — which  was  about  two- 
thirds  of  their  value.  We  had  a  cab  to 
carry  away  the  things  for  us  to  the  '  fence ' 
who  received  them. 

"  We  went  to  another  burglar}'-  at  Is- 
lington, and  made  an  entrance  into  the 
house,  but  were  disturbed,  and  ran  away 
over  several  walls  and  gardens. 

"We  attempted  a  third  burglary  in  the 
City.  As  usual  we  had  a  plan  of  it  through 
a  man  that  had  been  at  work  there,  who 
put  it  up  for  us.  This  was  a  shop  in  which 
there  were  a  great  many  Geneva  watches. 
We  got  in  at  this  time  by  the  back  window, 
and  went  upstairs.  We  were  told  that  the 
master  went  away  at  11  o'clock.  On  this 
occasion  he  had  remained  later  than  usual, 
looking  over  his  business  books.    On  see- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


323 


ing  us,  lie  made  an  outcry  and  struggled 
with  us.  Assistance  came  immediately. 
Two  policemen  ran  up  to  the  house.  In 
the  scramble  with  the  man  in  the  house, 
we  tried  to  make  for  the  door.  The  police 
could  not  get  in,  as  the  door  was  bolted. 
We  were  determined  to  make  a  rush  out. 
I  undid  the  chain  and  drew  back  the  bolt. 
I  got  away,  and  had  fled  along  two  or  three 
streets,  when  I  was  stunned  by  a  man  who 
carried  a  closed  umbrella.  Hearing  the  cry 
of  '  Stop  thief!'  he  drew  out  the  umbrella, 
and  I  fell  as  I  was  running.  I  was  there- 
upon taken  back  by  one  of  the  pohce,  and 
found  both  of  the  others  in  custody.  We 
were  committed  for  trial  next  day,  and  sent 
to  Newgate  in  the  meantime  for  detention. 

"My  former  convictions  were  not  brought 
against  me.  My  two  companions  had  been 
previously  at  Newgate,  and  were  sentenced 
the  one  to  ten  years'  and  the  other  to  seven 
years'  penal  servitude,  while  I  got  eighteen 
months'  imprisonment  in  Holloway  prison. 
I  was  the  younger  of  the  party,  and  had  no 
convictions.  I  never  engaged  in  a  burgla-ry 
after  this.  At  this  time  1  was  twenty- two 
or  twenty-three  years  of  age. 

"  I  came  out  of  prison  in  1853,  and  was 
unnerved  for  some  time,  though  my  health 
was  good.  This  was  the  effect  of  the  soli- 
tary confinement. 

"  When  I  came  out,  I  wrote  home  for 
the  first  time  since  I  had  been  in  London, 
and  received  a  letter  back,  stating  that  my 
father  was  dead  after  an  illness  of  several 
years,  and  that  I  was  to  come  home,  adding 
that  if  I  required  money,  they  would  send 
it  me.  Besides,  there  were  several  things 
they  were  to  give  me,  according  to  my 
father's  wishes. 

"I  went  home,  and  had  thoughts  of 
stopping  there.  My  mother  was  not  in 
such  good  position  as  I  expected,  the  pro- 
perty left  by  my  grandfather  having  gone 
to  a  distant  relative  at  my  father's  death. 
She  was  and  is  stili  in  receipt  of  a  weekly 
sum  from  the  old  Wesleyan  fund  for  the 
benefit  of  the  widows  of  ministers. 

"I  went  home  in  the  end  of  1853,  and 
had  the  full  intention  of  stopping  there, 
though  I  promised  to  Sally  to  be  back  in  a 
few  weeks.  I  soon  got  tired  of  country 
life,  though  my  relations  were  very  kind  to 
me,  and  after  remaining  seven  weeks  at 
home,  came  back  to  London  again  about  the 
commencement  of  1854,  and  commenced 
working  by  myself  at  stealing  watches  and 
breast-pins.  I  did  not  work  at  ladies' 
pockets,  unless  I  had  comrades  beside 
me.  I  went  and  mingled  in  the  crowds 
by  myself. 

"  In  the  end  of  1854  I  got  another  six 


months'  imprisonment  at  Hicks's  Hall 
police  court,  and  Vv'as  sent  to  Coldbath- 
Fields,  and  was  told  that  if  I  ever  came 
again  before  the  criminal  authorities,  I 
would  be  transported. 

"  I  came  out  in  1855,  and  have  done  very 
little  since ;  acting  occasionally  as  a  stall 
to  Sally  in  omnibuses,  and  generally  carry- 
ing a  portmanteau  or  something  with  me. 
I  would  generally  sit  in  the  omnibus  on 
the  opposite  side  to  her,  and  endeavour  to 
keep  the  lady,  as  well  as  I  could,  engaged  in 
conversation,  while  she  sat  on  her  right 
hand.  She  got  twelve  months  for  this  in 
1855,  and  during  the  time  she  was  in  West- 
minster prison  I  first  commenced  patter- 
ing in  the  streets.  I  did  not  again  engage 
in  thieving  till  the  time  of  the  illumination 
for  the  peace  in  1856.  In  Hyde  Park  on 
this  occasion  I  took  a  purse  from  a  lady, 
containing  nine  sovereigns  and  some  silver ; 
and  was  living  on  this  money  when  Sally 
was  discharged  at  the  expiry  of  her  sen- 
tence. 

"  When  she  came  out,  I  told  her  what  I 
had  been  doing,  and  found  she  was  much 
altered,  and  seemed  to  have  a  great  dis- 
inclination to  go  out  any  more.  She  did 
not  go  for  some  time.  I  made  a  sufficient 
livelihood  by  pattering  in  the  streets  for 
nearly  two  years,  when  I  got  wet  several 
times,  and  was  laid  up  with  illness  again. 
She  then  became  acquainted  with  a  woman 
who  used  to  go  on  a  diflerent  game,  termed 
shoplifting.  While  the  one  kept  the  shop- 
man engaged,  the  other  would  purloin  a 
piece  of  silk,  or  other  goods.  At  this  time 
she  took  to  drink.  I  found  out  after  this 
she  often  got  things,  and  sold  them,  before 
she  came  home,  on  purpose  to  get  drink. 
News  came  to  me  one  day  that  she  had 
been  taken  up  and  committed  for  trial 
at  Marylebone  police  court.  I  paid  the 
counsel  to  plead  her  case,  and  she  was  ac- 
quitted. 

"  I  then  told  her  if  she  was  not  satisfied 
with  what  I  was  doing  as  patterer,  that  I 
would  commence  my  former  employment. 
So  I  did  for  some  time  during  last  year,  till 
I  had  three  separate  remands  at  the  House 
of  Detention,  ClerkenweU.  The  pohceman 
got  the  stolen  property,  but  was  so  much 
engrossed  taking  me,  he  had  lost  sight  of 
the  prosecutor,  who  was  never  found,  and 
I  got  acquitted. 

"  On  this  occasion  I  told  Sally  I  would 
never  engage  in  stealing  again,  and  I  have 
kept  my  word.  I  know  if  I  had  been  tried 
at  this  time,  and  found  guilty,  I  should  have 
been  transported. 

"  I  have  since  then  got  my  living  by 
pattering  in  the  streets.     I  earn  my  2s,,  or 


32V 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


2s.  6d.  in  an  hour,  or  an  hour  and  a  half  in 
the  evening,  and  can  make  a  shift. 

"  For  six  or  seven  years,  when  engaged 
in  picking  pockets,  I  earned  a  good  deal  of 
money.  Our  house  expenses  many  weeks 
would  average  from  4?.  to  51.,  living  on  the 
best  fare,  and  besides,  we  went  to  theatres, 
and  places  of  amusement,  occasionally  to 
the  Cider  Cellars,  and  the  Coal  Hole. 

"  The  London  pickpockets  are  acquainted 
generally  with  each  other,  and  help  their 
comrades  in  difficulty.  They  frequently 
meet  with  many  of  the  burglars.  A  great 
number  of  the  women  of  pickpockets  and 
burglars  are  shoplifters,  as  they  require  to 
support  themselves  when  their  men  are  in 
prison. 

"A  woman  would  be  considered  useless 
to  a  man  if  she  could  not  get  him  the  use 
of  counsel,  and  keep  him  for  a  few  days 
after  he  comes  out,  which  she  does  by 
shoplifting,  and  picking  pockets  in  omni- 
buses, the  latter  being  termed  '  Maltooling.' 

"  I  have  associated  a  good  deal  with  the 
pickpockets  over  London,  in  different  dis- 
tricts. You  cannot  easily  calculate  their 
weekly  income,  as  it  is  so  precarious,  perhaps 
one  day  getting  201.,  or  30Z.,  and  another 
day  being  totally  unsuccessful.  They  are 
in  general  very  superstitious,  and  if  any- 
thing cross  them,  they  will  do  nothing.  If 
they  see  a  person  they  have  formerly 
robbed,  they  expect  bad  luck,  and  will  not 
attempt  anything, 

"  They  are  very  generous  in  helping  each 
other  when  they  get  into  difficulty,  or 
trouble,  but  have  no  societies,  as  they 
could  not  be  kept  up.  Many  of  them  may 
be  in  prison  five  or  six  months  of  the  year ; 
some  may  get  a  long  penal  servitude,  or 
transportation  ;  or  they  may  have  the  steel 
taken  out  of  them,  and  give  up  this  restless, 
criminal  mode  of  life. 

"  They  do  not  generally  find  stealing 
gentlemen's  watches  so  profitable  as  picking 
ladies'  pockets,  for  this  reason,  that  the 
purse  can  be  thrown  away,  some  of  the 
coins  changed,  and  they  may  set  to  work 
again  immediately ;  whereas,  when  they 
take  a  watch,  they  must  go  immediately  to 
the  fence  with  it :  it  is  not  safe  to  keep  it 
on  their  person.  A  good  silver  watch  will 
now  bring  little  more  than  25s.,  or  30s., 


even  if  the  watch  has  cost  6?.  A  good  gold 
watch  will  not  fetch  above  41.  I  have 
worked  for  two  or  three  hours,  and  have 
got,  perhaps,  six  different  purses  during 
that  time,  the  purses  I  threw  away,  so 
that  the  robbery  may  not  be  traced. 
Suppose  you  take  a  watch,  and  you  place 
it  in  your  pocket,  while  you  have  also  your 
own  watch,  if  you  happen  to  be  detected, 
you  are  taken  and  searched,  and  there  being 
a  second  watch  found  on  you,  the  evidence  is 
complete  against  you. 

"  The  trousers-pockets  are  seldom  picked, 
except  in  a  crowd.  It  is  almost  impossible 
to  do  this  on  any  other  occasion,  such  as 
when  walking  in  the  street.  A  prostitute 
may  occasionally  do  it,  pattering  with  her 
fingers  about  a  man's  person  when  he  is  off 
his  guard. 

"  I  believe  a  large  number  of  the  thieves 
of  London  come  from  the  provinces,  and 
from  the  large  towns,  such  as  Leeds,  Bii- 
mingham,  Sheffield,  Manchester,  and  Liver- 
pool; from  Birmingham  especially,  more 
than  any  other  town  in  England.  There 
are  no  foreigners  pickpockets  in  London  so 
far  as  I  know.  The  cleverest  of  the  native 
London  thieves,  in  general,  are  the  Irish 
cockneys. 

"  I  never  learned  any  business  or  trade, 
and  never  did  a  hard  day's  work  in  my  life, 
and  have  to  take  to  pattering  for  a  live- 
lihood. When  men  in  my  position  take  to 
an  honest  employment,  they  are  sometimes 
pointed  out  by  some  of  the  police  as 
having  been  formerly  convicted  thieves, 
and  are  often  dismissed  from  service,  and 
driven  back  into  criminal  courses. 

"  I  am  a  sceptic  in  my  religious  opinions, 
which  was  a  stumbling-block  in  the  way  of 
several  missionaries,  and  other  philanthro- 
pic men  assisting  me.  I  have  read  Paine, 
and  Volney,  and  Holyoake,  those  infidel 
writeis,  and  have  also  read  the  works  of 
Bulwer,  Dickens,  and  numbers  of  others. 
It  gives  a  zest  to  us  in  our  criminal  life, 
that  we  do  not  know  how  long  we  may 
be  at  liberty  to  enjoy  ourselves.  This 
strengthens  the  attachment  between  pick- 
pockets and  their  women,  who,  I  believe, 
have  a  stronger  liking  to  each  other,  in 
many  cases,  than  married  people." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


325 


HORSE  AND  DOG  STEALERS. 


Horse-stealing. — These  robberies  are  not 
so  extensive  as  they  used  to  be  in  the  me- 
tropohtan  districts.  They  are  generally  con- 
fined to  the  rural  districts,  where  horses  are 
turned  out  to  graze  on  marshes  and  in  pas- 
ture-fields. Horses  are  stolen  by  a  low  un- 
principled class  of  men,  who  travel  the  coun- 
try dealing  in  them,  who  are  termed  "  horse 
coupers,"  and  sometimes  by  the  wander- 
ing gipsies  and  tinkers.  They  journey  from 
place  to  place,  and  observe  where  there  is 
a  good  horse  or  pony,  and  loiter  about  the 
neighbourhood  till  they  get  an  opportunity 
to  steal  it.  This  is  generally  done  in  the 
night  time,  and  in  most  cases  by  one  man. 

After  removing  it  from  the  park,  they 
take  it  away  by  some  by-road,  or  keep 
it  shut  up  in  a  stable  or  outhouse  till  the 
"hue  and  cry"  about  the  robbery  has 
settled  down.  They  then  trim  it  up,  and 
alter  the  appearance  as  much  as  possible, 
and  take  it  to  some  market  at  a  distance, 
and  sell  it — sometimes  at  an  under  price. 
This  is  their  general  mode  of  operation. 
Sometimes  they  proceed  to  London,  and 
dispose  of  it  at  Smithfield  market.  The 
party  that  steals  it,  does  not  generally  take 
it  to  the  market,  but  leaves  it  in  a  quiet 
stable  at  some  house  by  the  way,  till  he 
meets  with  a  low  horse-dealer.  The  thief  is 
often  connected  with  horse-dealers,  but  may 
not  himself  be  one. 

Some  Londoners  are  in  the  habit  of  steal- 
ing horses.  These  often  frequent  the  Old 
Kent-road,  and  are  dressed  as  grooms  or 
stablemen.  They  are  of  various  ages, 
varying  from  twenty  to  sixty  years.  The 
person  who  sells  the  horses  gets  part  of  the 
booty  from  the  horse- stealer. 

The  mode  of  stealing  by  gipsies  is  some- 
what similar.  They  pitch  their  tents  on 
some  Vv'aste  ground  by  the  roadside,  or  on 
the  skirt  of  a  wood,  and  frequently  steal  a 
horse  when  they  get  an  opportunity.  One 
will  take  it  away  who  has  been  keeping  un- 
observed within  the  tent,  and  the  rest  will 
remain  encamped  in  the  locality  as  if 
nothing  had  happened.  They  may  remove 
it  to  a  considerable  distance,  and  get  it 
into  the  covert  of  a  wood,  such  as  Epping 
Forest,  or  some  secluded  spot,  and  take 
the  first  opportunity  to  sell  it. 

Another  class  of  persons  travel  about 
the  country,  dealing  in  small  wares  as 
Cheap  Johns,  who  occasionally  steal  horses, 
or  give  information  to  abandoned  charac- 
ters who  steal  them. 


These  robberies  of  horses  are  generally 
committed  in  rural  districts,  and  are  sel- 
dom done  in  the  metropolis,  as  horses  are 
in  general  looked  after,  or  locked  up  in 
stables.  They  are  occasionally  stolen  in 
the  markets  in  and  around  the  metropolis, 
such  as  Smithfield  and  the  new  market  at 
Islington. 

Sometimes  horses  in  carts,  and  cabs,  and 
other  vehicles  are  removed  by  thieves  in 
the  streets  of  the  metropolis  ;  but  this  is 
only  done  for  a  short  time  until  they  have 
rifled  the  goods.  So  soon  as  they  have 
secured  them,  they  leave  the  horse  and 
vehicle,  which  come  into  the  hands  of  the 
police,  and  are  restored  to  the  owner. 

The  horses  stolen  are  generally  light  and 
nimble,  such  as  those  used  in  phaetons 
and  light  conveyances,  and  not  for  heavy 
carts  or  drays. 

These  robberies  are  detected  in  various 
ways.  For  example,  sometimes  a  valuable 
horse  is  offered  for  sale  at  a  reduced  price 
in  some  market,  which  excites  suspicion. 
At  other  times  the  appearance  of  the  person 
selling  the  horse  is  not  consistent  with 
the  possession  of  such  an  animal.  On  some 
occasions  these  robberies  are  detected  by 
the  police  from  descriptions  forwarded 
from  station  to  station,  and  are  stopped  on 
the  highway. 

Horse- stealers  generally  take  the  horses 
through  backroads,  and  never  pass  through 
tollbars,  if  they  ca,n  avoid  it,  as  they  could 
be  traced.  The  keeper  of  the  toll  might 
give  information  to  the  police,  and  give  a 
i  clue  to  the  way  they  had  gone. 

London  thieves  have  been  known  to  go 
considerable  distances  into  the  country  to 
steal  horses — after  having  learned  that 
horses  could  easily  be  taken  away.  These 
robberies  are  generally  committed  in  the 
spring  and  summer,  v/hen  horses  are  turned 
out  to  grass. 

Number  of  cases  of  horse-stealing  in  the 
metropolitan  districts  for  1860       ..     23 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  City 0 

Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
the  metropolitan  districts  ..     £649 

Dog-stealing. — These  robberies  are  gene- 
rally committed  by  dog-fanciers  and  others 
who  confine  their  attention  to  this  class  of 
felonies.     They  are  persons  of  a  low  class. 


326 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


dressed  variously,  and  are  frequently  fol- 
lowed by  women.  They  steal  fancy  dogs 
ladies  are  fond  of — spaniels,  poodles,  and 
terriers,  sporting -dogs,  such  as  setters  and 
retrievers,  and  also  Newfoundland  dogs. 
These  robberies  are  generally  committed  by 
men  of  various  ages,  but  seldom  by  boys. 
Their  mode  of  operation  is  this  : — In  prowl- 
ing over  the  metropolis,  when  they  see  a 
handsome  dog  with  a  lady  or  gentleman  they 
follow  it  and  see  where  the  person  resides. 
So. soon  as  they  have  ascertained  this  they 
loiter  about  the  house  for  days  with  a  piece 
of  liver  prepared  by  a  certain  process,  and 
soaked  in  some  ingredient  which  dogs  are 
uncommonly  fond  of.  They  are  so  partial 
to  it  they  will  follow  the  stranger  some 
distance  in  preference  to  following  their 
master.  The  thieves  generally  carry  small 
pieces  of  this  to  entice  the  dog  away  with 
them,  when  they  seize  hold  of  it  in  a  con- 
venient place,  and  put  it  into  a  bag  they 
carry  with  them. 

Another  method  of  decoying  dogs  is  by 
having  a  bitch  in  heat.  AVhen  any  va- 
luable dog  follows  it  is  picked  up  and  taken 
home,  when  they  wait  for  the  reward 
offered  by  the  owner  to  return  it,  generally 
from  II.  to  51.  The  loss  of  the  dog  may  be 
advertized  in  the  Times  or  other  news- 
papers, or  by  handbills  circulated  over  the 
district,  when  some  confederate  of  the 
thief  will  negociate  with  the  owner  for  the 
restoration  of  the  dog.  Information  is 
sent  if  he  will  give  a  certain  sum  of  money, 
such  as  1/.,  21.,  or  51.  the  dog  will  be  re- 
stored, if  not  it  will  be  killed.  This  is 
done  to  excite  sympathy. 

Some  dogs  have  been  known  to  be  stolen 
three  or  four  times,  and  taken  back  to  their 
owner  by  rewards.     Sometimes  when  they 


steal  dogs  they  fancy,  they  keep  them  and 
do  not  return  them  to  the  owner. 

There  is  a  class  termed  dog-receivers,  or 
dog-fanciers,  who  undertake  to  return 
stolen  dogs  for  a  consideration.  These 
parties  are  connected  with  the  thieves,  and 
are  what  is  termed  "  in  the  ring,"  that  is, 
in  the  ring  of  thieves.  Dogs  are  frequently 
restored  by  agencies  of  this  description. 
These  parties  receive  dogs  and  let  the 
owners  have  them  back  for  a  certain  sum  of 
money,  while  they  receive  part  of  the  price 
shared  with  the  thief. 

Dog-stealing  is  very  prevalent,  particu- 
larly in  the  West-end  of  the  metropolis,  and 
is  rather  a  profitable  class  of  felony.  These 
thieves  reside  at  the  Seven  Dials,  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  Belgravia,  Chelsea, 
Knightsbridge,  and  low  neighbourhoods, 
some  of  them  men  of  mature  years. 

They  frequently  pick  up  dogs  in  the 
street  when  their  owners  are  not  near. 
But  their  general  mode  is  to  loiter  about 
the  houses  and  entice  them  away  in  the 
manner  described.  Sometimes  they  be- 
long to  the  felon  class,  sometimes  not. 
They  are  often  connected  with  bird-fanciers, 
keepers  of  fighting-dogs,  and  persons  who 
get  up  rat  matches. 

Some  of  those  stolen  are  sent  to  Ger- 
many, where  English  dogs  are  sold  at  a 
high  price. 

Number  of  cases  of  dog-stealing  in  the 
metropolitan  districts  for  1860    ..  15 

Ditto  ditto  in  the  City  ..  1 


16 


Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
the  metropolitan  districts       ..         £134 


HIGHWAY  ROBBERS. 


The  highway  robbers  of  the  present  day 
are  a  very  different  set  from  the  bold  reck- 
less brigands  v/ho  infested  the  metropolis 
and  the  highways  in  its  vicinity  in  former 
times.  There  was  a  bold  dash  in  the  old 
highwaymen,  the  Dick  Turpins  and  Claud 
Du  Vals  of  that  day,  not  to  be  found  in  the 
thieves  of  our  time,  whether  they  lived 
in  the  rookeries  of  St.  Giles's,  Westminster, 
and  the  Borough,  nestling  securely  amid 
dingy  lanes  and  alleys,  densely-clustered  to- 
gether, where  it  was  unsafe  for  even  a  con- 
stable to  enter  ;  or  whether  they  roamed 
at  large  on  Blackheath  and  Hounslow  Heath, 


or  on  Wimbledon  Common,  and  Fiuchley 
Common,  accosting  the  passing  traveller 
pistol  in  hand,  with  the  stern  command, 
'  Stand  and  deliver.' 

The  highwaymen  of  our  day  are  either 
the  sneaking  thieves  we  have  described, 
who  adroitly  slip  their  hands  into  your 
pockets,  or  low  coarse  ruffians  who  follow 
in  the  wake  of  prostitutes,  or  garotte 
drunken  men  in  the  midnight  street,  or 
strike  them  down  by  brutal  violence  with  a 
life-preserver  or  bludgeon. 

These  felonies  are  generally  committed  in 
secluded   spots  and   by-streets,  or   in  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


327 


suburbs  of  the  metropolis.  Many  robberies 
are  committed  on  the  highway  by  snatch- 
ing with  violence  from  the  person.  These 
are  generally  done  in  the  dusk,  and  rarely 
during  the  day.  When  committed  early 
in  the  evening,  they  are  done  in  secluded 
places,  intersected  with  lanes  and  alleys, 
where  the  thieves  have  a  good  opportunity 
to  escape,  such  as  in  the  Borough,  Spital- 
fields,  Shoreditch,Whitechapel,  Drury-lane, 
West-minster,  and  similar  localities.  These 
are  often  done  by  one  person,  at  other 
times  by  two  or  more  in  company,  and 
generally  by  young  men  from  nineteen  years 
and  upwards.  The  mode  of  effecting  it  is 
this.  They  see  a  person  respectably  dressed 
walking  along  the  street,  with  a  silver  or 
gold  chain,  who  appears  to  be  off  his  guard. 
One  of  them  as  he  passes  by  makes  a  snatch 
at  it,  and  runs  down  one  of  the  alleys  or 
along  one  of  the  by-streets. 

Sometimes  the  thief  breaks  the  chain  with 
a  violent  wrench.  At  other  times  the  swivel, 
or  ring  of  the  watch  may  give  way  ;  or  a 
piece  of  the  guard  breaks  off.  The  thief 
occasionally  fails  to  get  the  watch.  In  these 
cases  he  can  seldom  be  identified,  because 
the  party  may  not  have  had  his  eye  on 
him,  and  may  lose  his  presence  of  mind  ; 
and  the  thief  may  have  vanished  swiftly 
out  of  his  sight. 

Should  the  person  to  whom  the  watch 
belongs  run  after  him,  his  companions 
often  try  to  intercept  him,  and  with  this 
view  throw  themselves  in  his  way.  The 
thief  is  seldom  caught  at  the  time,  unless 
he  is  pursued  by  some  person  passing  by, 
who  has  seen  him  commit  the  robbery,  or 
who  may  have  heard  the  cry,  "  Stop  thief." 

These  felonies  are  committed  by  men 
living  in  low  neighbourhoods,  who  are 
generally  known  thieves  ;  and  are  in  most 
cases  done  during  some  disturbance  in  the 
street,  or  in  a  crowd,  or  upon  a  person  the 
worse  of  liquor. 

In  September,  1859,  ThomasDalton,  alias 
Thomas  Davis,  a  stout-made  man  of  about 
thirty  years  of  age,  and  5  ft.  6  inches  high, 
in  company  with  another  man,  Avent  to  the 
regatta  at  Putney,  near  London,  when 
Dalton  snatched  the  watch  of  Mr.  Friar, 
formerly  the  ballet-master  at  Vauxhall- 
gardens.  Mr.  Friar,  being  aware  of  the 
robbery,  suddenly  seized  hold  of  both  the 
men,  when  they  wrestled  with  him.  The 
other  man  got  away,  but  he  retained  his 
hold  of  Dalton.  On  a  policeman  coming 
up  Dalton  dropped  the  watch.  He  was 
committed  to  the  Surrey  Sessions,  tried  on 
15th  September,  1859,  and  sentenced  to 
ten  years'  penal  servitude. 

Dalton  was  one  of  five  prisoners  tried  at 


the  Central  Criminal  Court  in  December, 
1847,  for  the  murder  of  Mr.  Eellchambers, 
at  Westminster,  having  beaten  in  his  brains 
with  an  iron  bar  in  Tothill-street,  West- 
minster during  the  night.  Dalton  was 
then  acquitted.  Sales,  one  of  the  parties 
charged,  was  found  guilty  and  hanged  at 
Newgate. 

They  were  seen  in  the  company  of  the 
deceased  in  a  public-house  in  Orchard- 
street,  Westminster  on  the  night  of  the 
murder,  and  had  followed  him  out  and 
robbed  him  of  his  money,  watch,  and  seals. 
Dalton  had  been  several  times  in  custody, 
for  being  concerned  with  other  persons  in 
plate  robberies ;  sneaking  down  into  areas 
and  opening  the  doors  by  means  of  skele- 
ton keys,  and  carrying  off  the  plate.  One 
of  the  thieves  went,  dressed  as  a  butcher, 
with  an  ox's  tail,  pretending  the  lady  of  the 
house  had  ordered  it.  While  the  servant 
went  upstairs  he  put  the  plate  into  a 
basket  he  carried  with  him,  and  carried  it 
away. 

On  the  23rd  of  March,  1850,  he  was  in 
custody  with  other  three  notorious  house- 
breakers for  attempting  to  steal  plate  in 
Woburn-square  by  skeleton  keys  along  with 
other  four  thieves,  when  he  was  found 
guilty  and  got  three  months'  imprisonment. 
One  of  them  opened  an  area  gate  about  10 
o'clock  in  the  morning,  carrying  a  green- 
baize  cloth  containing  three  French  rolls. 
Finding  the  servant  in  the  kitchen,  clean- 
ing the  plate,  he  told  her  he  had  brought 
the  French  rolls  from  the  baker.  The 
servant,  who  was  an  intelligent  shrewd 
person,  refused  to  go  upstairs  to  her  mis- 
tress. Meantime  two  detective  officers, 
who  had  been  on  the  look-out,  arrested  the 
four  thieves  and  prevented  the  robbery. 

On  the  6th  February,  1854,  he  was  tried 
at  Westminster,  for  snatching  a  watch  from 
a  gentleman  in  Parliament-street,  while 
her  Majesty  was  proceeding  to  open  the 
Houses  of  Parliament.  The  gentleman 
feeling  the  snatch  at  his  watch  laid  hold  of 
Dalton,  when  he  threw  it  down  an  area  in 
front  of  the  Treasury  buildings. 

As  we  have  already  said,  Dalton  was 
afterwards  sentenced  to  transportation. 

Another  remarkable  case  of  highway 
robbery  took  place  several  years  ago  by  a 
man  of  the  name  of  George  Morris.  He 
was  above  five  feet  nine  inches  high,  stout 
made,  with  dark  whiskers,  and  of  gentle- 
manly appearance.  He  snatched  a  watch 
from  a  man  near  the  Surrey  Theatre.  Im- 
mediately on  seizing  hold  of  the  watch  he 
ran  round  St.  George's  Circus  into  the 
Waterloo-road,  with  the  cry  of  stop  thief 
ringing   in   his    ears.      In    running   down 


328 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOL\ 


Waterloo-road  he  threw  himself  down  in- 
tentioaally  into  a  heap  of  dirt  in  the  street, 
when  several  people  who  were  chasing  him, 
and  also  a  policeman,  stumbled  over  him. 
He  then  got  up  as  they  lay  on  the  ground 
and  run  down  a  turning  called  Webber- 
row,  down  Spiller's-court,  and  got  over  a 
closet,  then  mounted  the  roof  of  some  low 
cottages,  and  jumped  off  this  into  the 
garden  at  the  other  side  belonging  to  lofty 
houses  there  under  repair.  Finding  a 
crowd  of  people  and  the  police  close  at  his 
heels  in  the  garden  below,  and  being  ex- 
ceedingly nimble,  he  ran  up  the  ladder  like 
lightning,  to  the  roof  of  the  house.  As 
the  pohcemen  were  about  to  follow  him  he 
took  hold  of  the  ladder  and  threw  it  back, 
preventing  all  further  chase.  He  disap- 
peared from  the  top  of  this  house  and  got 
to  the  roof  of  the  Magdalen  Institution, 
and  would  have  made  his  escape  but  for 
the  prompt  exertions  of  the  police.  Some 
of  them  ran  into  a  builder's  yard  and  got 
several  ladders  and  climbed  up  at  different 
parts  of  the  building  and  pursued  him  on 
the  roof  of  the  house — between  the  chapel 
and  the  governor's  house.  He  stood  at 
bay,  and  threatened  to  kill  the  first  pohce- 
man  who  approached  him,  and  kept  them 
at  defiance  for  half-an-hour. 

Meantime  several  other  policemen  had 
mounted  the  back  part  of  the  chapel  by 
means  of  a  ladder,  unperceived  by  Morris, 
while  the  others  were  keeping  him  in  con- 
versation. On  seeing  them  approach  he 
found  all  hope  of  escape  was  vain,  and  sur- 
rendered himself  into  the  hands  of  the 
officers.  He  was  tried  at  the  Central  Cri- 
minal Court,  and  sentenced  to  transporta- 
tion for  ten  years. 

Not  long  before  he  had  assaulted  a 
woman  in  the  Westminster-road.  There 
was  a  cry  for  the  police,  and  he  ran  down 
Duke-street,  Westminster-road.  On  turn- 
ing the  corner  of  the  street  he  popped  into 
a  doorway.  This  was  in  the  4usk  of  the 
evening.  His  pursuers  ran  past,  thinking 
he  had  gone  into  one  of  the  adjoining 
streets.  As  soon  as  they  had  passed  by  he 
was  seen  to  come  out  and  coolly  walk  back, 
as  if  nothing  had  occurred.  A  neighbour 
who  had  seen  this  gave  him  into  the  cus- 
tody of  the  police  about  lialf-an-hour 
afterwards,  and  he  was  fined  40&'.  for  as- 
saulting the  woman. 

About  this  time  a  woman  complained  to 
a  policeman  at  the  Surrey  Theatre  that  a 
tall,  gentlemanly  man  had  picked  her 
pocket.  The  constable  told  her  he  had 
seen  a  well-known  thief  go  into  a  neigh- 
bouring coffee-shop  dressed  in  black.  He 
took  the  woman  over,  and  she  immediately 


said  that  was  not  the  man.  Sho  was  not 
able  to  identify  him,  as  he  had  turned  his 
coat  inside  out.  The  coat  he  had  on  was 
black  in  the  inside,  and  white  on  the  ex- 
terior, and  could  be  put  on  upon  either 
side.  He  had  in  the  meantime  changed 
the  coat,  and  the  woman  was  thereby  un- 
able to  recognize  him.  This  enabled  him 
on  this  occasion  to  escape  the  ends  of 
justice. 

Highway  robberies  are  also  effected  by 
garotting.  These  are  done  in  similar 
localities  at  dusk,  frequently  in  foggy  nights 
at  certain  seasons  of  the  year,  and  seldom 
in  the  summer  time.  They  are  generally 
done  in  the  by-streets,  and  in  the  winter 
time.  A  ruffian  walks  up  and  throws  his 
arm  round  the  neck  of  a  person  who  has 
a  watch,  or  whom  he  has  noticed  carrying 
money  on  his  person.  One  man  holds  him 
tightly  by  the  neck,  and  generally  attacks 
from  behind,  or  from  the  side.  The  ga- 
rotter  tries  to  get  his  arm  under  his  chin, 
and  presses  it  back,  while  with  the  other 
hand  he  holds  his  neck  firmly  behind.  He 
does  it  so  violently  the  man  is  almost 
strangled,  and  is  unable  to  cry  out.  He 
holds  him  in  this  position  perhaps  for  a 
minute  or  two,  while  his  companions,  one 
or  more,  rifle  his  pockets  of  his  watch  and 
money. 

Should  the  person  struggle  and  resist  he 
is  pressed  so  severely  by  the  neck  that  he 
may  be  driven  insensible.  When  the  rob- 
bery is  effected  they  run  off.  In  general 
they  seize  a  man  when  off  his  guard,  and  it 
may  be  some  time  before  he  recovers  his 
presence  of  mind.  These  are  generally  a 
different  class  of  men  from  the  persons 
who  snatch  the  watch-chain.  They  have 
more  of  the  bull-dog  about  them,  and  are 
generally  strong  men,  and  brutal  in  dispo- 
sition. Many  of  them  are  inveterate 
thieves,  returned  convicts,  ruffians  har- 
dened in  crime.  Their  average  age  is  from 
twenty-five  and  upwards,  and  they  reside 
in  low  infamous  neighbourhoods.  Most  of 
these  depredations  are  committed  in  the 
East-end  of  the  metropolis,  such  as  White- 
chapel  and  its  neighbourhood,  or  the  dark 
slums  in  the  Borough. 

A  remarkable  case  of  garotting  occurred 
in  the  metropolis  in  July,  1856.  Two  men 
went  to  a  jeweller's  shop  in  Mark  Lane 
during  the  day,  when  the  screet  was 
thronged  with  people.  One  of  them  was 
stout-made,  about  five  feet  six  inches  high, 
of  dark  complexion,  and  about  forty-five 
years  of  age.  The  other,  named  James 
Hunter,  alias  Connell,  was  about  five  feet 
ten  inches  high,  of  robust  frame,  with  dark 
whiskers,  dressed  in  the  first  of  fashion. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


329 


One  of  the  thieves  kept  watch  outside 
while  the  other  slipped  in  and  laid  hold, 
in  the  absence  of  the  jeweller,  of  a  lot  of 
valuable  jewellery.  The  shopman,  who 
happened  to  be  in  the  back  parlour,  ran 
into  the  shop  and  seized  him.  On  seeing 
this  his  companion  came  in  from  the  street 
to  assist  him,  knocked  the  shopman  down 
and  gave  him  a  severe  wound  on  the  head, 
when  both  hastily  made  their  escape.  One 
of  them  was  taken  when  he  had  got  a 
small  distance  off  with  some  of  the  jew- 
ellery on  his  person,  such  as  watches,  rings, 
brooches,  &c.,  but  the  other  got  away. 
This  robbery  was  daringly  done  in  the  very 
middle  of  the  day,  near  to  the  Corn  Ex- 
change, while  in  the  heat  of  business.  One 
of  the  robbers  was  taken  and  tried  at  the 
Central  Criminal  Court  in  July,  1856,  and 
sentenced  to  ten  years'  transportation,  hav- 
ing been  previously  convicted  for  felony. 

From  information  received  by  the  police, 
James  Hunter  alias  Clifford  alias  Connell, 
the  other  person  concerned  in  this  rob- 
bery, was  taken  afterwards.  A  good-looking 
young  applewoman  swore  distinctly  he 
was  one  of  those  parties.  In  running  away 
he  had  thrown  down  her  stand  of  apples, 
and  also  threw  her  down  when  she  for  a 
short  time  had  seized  hold  of  him. 

He  was  tried  at  the  Ceuti-al  Criminal 
Court  in  August  1856,  the  following 
sessions,  when  the  prisoner's  counsel 
proved  an  alibi  by  calling  his  convicted  con- 
federate as  a  witness.  His  two  sisters  also 
swore  he  was  in  their  house  at  Lambeth 
Walk  on  the  day  the  robbery  occurred,  and 
had  dinner  and  tea  with  his  mother,  who 
was  an  honest  and  respectable  woman. 

Other  robberies  are  perpetrated  ly  hrutal 
violence  luith  a  life-preserver  or  bludgeon.  It 
is  usually  done  by  one  or  more  brutal  men 
following  a  woman.  The  men  are  gene- 
rally from  thirty  to  forty  years  of  age — 
some  older — carrying  a  life-preserver  or 
bludgeon.  This  is  termed  *'  swinging  the 
stick,"  or  the  "bludgeon  business."  The 
Avoman  walks  forward,  or  loiters  about, 
followed  by  the  men,  who  are  hanging  in 
the  rear.  She  walks  as  if  she  was  a  com- 
mon prostitute,  and  is  often  about  twenty- 
six  or  thirty  years  of  age.  She  picks  up  a 
man  in  the  street,  possibly  the  worse  of 
liquor  ;  she  enters  into  conversation,  and 
decoys  him  to  some  quiet,  secluded  place, 
and  may  there  allow  him  to  take  liberties 
with  her  person,  but  not  to  have  carnal 
connection.  Meantime  she  robs  him  of  his 
watch,  money,  or  other  property,  and  at 
once  makes  off. 

In  sonie  instances  she  is  pursued  by  the 
person,  who  may  have  discovered  his  loss ; 


when  he  is  met  by  one  of  the  men,  who 
runs  up,  stops  him,  and  inquires  the  direc- 
tion to  some  part  of  London,  or  to  some 
street,  or  will  ask  what  he  has  been  doing 
with  his  wife,  and  threaten  to  punish  him 
for  indecent  conduct  to  her.  During  this 
delay  the  woman  may  get  clear  away.  In 
somes  cases  a  quarrel  arises,  and  the  vic- 
tim is  not  only  plundered  of  his  money, 
but  severely  injured  by  a  hfe-preserver  or 
bludgeon. 

Cases  of  this  kind  occasionally  occur  in 
the  East-end  and  the  suburbs  of  London. 
These  women  and  men  are  generally  old 
thieves,  and,  when  convicted,  are  often 
sentenced  to  transportation,  being  in  most 
cases  well  known  to  the  police. 

Sometimes  these  robberies  are  commit- 
ted by  men  without  the  connivance  of 
women,  as  in  a  case  which  occurred  in 
Drury  Lane  in  August  last,  when  a  man 
was  decoyed  by  several  men  from  sym- 
pathy to  accompany  a  drunken  man  to 
a  public-house,  and  was  violently  rob- 
bed. 

In  the  month  of  July  1855  a  woman 
stopt  a  man  in  the  London-road,  South- 
wark,  one  evening  about  twelve  o'clock  at 
night,  and  stole  his  watch.  The  party 
immediately  detected  the  robbery,  and  laid 
hold  of  her.  Upon  this  two  men  came  up 
to  her  rescue,  struck  him  in  the  face,  and 
cut  his  cheek.  They  then  gave  him  an- 
other severe  blow  on  the  head,  and  knocked 
him  down  senseless,  while  calling  out  for 
the  police. 

A  policeman  came  up  at  this  juncture, 
and  laid  hold  of  Taylor,  one  of  the  men, 
and  took  him  into  custody  with  a  life- 
preserver  in  his  hand.  Taylor  was  tried  on 
20th  August,  1855,  at  the  Central  Criminal 
Court,  and  was  sentenced  to  fourteen  years' 
penal  servitude. 

Highway  robberies  by  the  pistol  are 
seldom  committed,  though  occasionally 
such  instances  do  occur.  These  are  seldom 
committed  by  professional  thieves,  as  they 
generally  manage  to  effect  their  object  by 
picking  pockets,  and  in  the  modes  we  have 
just  described. 

The  old  rookeries  of  thieves  are  no  longer 
enveloped  in  mystery  as  formerly.  They 
are  now  visited  by  our  police  inspectors 
and  constables,  and  kept  under  strict  sur- 
veillance. Our  daily  press  brings  the  de- 
tails of  our  modern  highway-men  and  other 
thieves  clearly  to  the  light  of  day  ;  and 
their  deeds  are  no  longer  exaggerated  by  fic- 
titious embellishments  and  exaggerations. 
Our  railways  and  telegraphs,  postal  com- 
munications and  currency  arrangements, 
have  put  an  end  to  mounted  highwaymen, 


J30 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


sucli  as  Dick  Turpin  and  Tom  King.  Were 
such  to  appear  now,  they  would  furnish  a 
rare  piece  of  sport  to  our  bold  and  adroit 
detectives,  and  would  speedily  be  arrested. 

Number  of  felonies  by  highway  robbery  in 

the  metropolitan  districts  for  1860     21 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  City 1 


22 


Value   of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 

the  metropolitan  districts     ..    £98     0 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  City     ..      ..         2  10 

£100  10 


A  Ramble  among  the  Thieves'  Dens  in 
THE  Borough. 

Leaving  the  police-office  at  Stones-end> 
along  with  a  detective-officer,  we  went 
one  afternoon  to  Gunn  Street,  a  narrow 
by-street  off  the  Borough  Eoad,  inhabited 
by  costermongers,  burglars,  and  pick- 
pockets. 

Here  one  of  the  most  daring  gangs  of 
burglars  and  pickpockets  in  London  met 
our  eye,  most  of  them  in  the  dress  of  cos- 
termongers. A  professional  pickpocket,  a 
well-attired  young  man,  was  seated  on  a 
costermonger's  barrow.  He  was  clothed  in 
a  black  cloth  coat,  vest,  and  trousers,  and 
shining  silk  hat,  and  was  smoking  a  pipe, 
with  two  or  three  "  pals  "  by  his  side.  It 
was  then  about  seven  o'clock,  p  m.,  and  as 
clear  as  mid-day.  About  forty  young  men, 
ranging  from  seventeen  to  thirty-five  years 
of  age,  were  engaged  around  a  game  of 
"  pitch  and  toss,"  while  others  were  loung- 
ing idle  in  the  street. 

We  went  forward  through  the  crowd, 
and  stood  for  some  time  alongside.  At 
first  they  may  have  fancied  we  were  come 
to  arrest  one  or  more  of  them,  and  were 
evidently  prepared  to  give  us  a  warm  re- 
ception. On  seeing  us  standing  by  smiling, 
they  recovered  their  good-humour,  and 
most  of  them  continued  to  cluster  toge- 
ther, but  numbers  sneaked  off  to  their 
houses  out  of  sight. 

Here  we  saw  a  tall,  robust  man,  with  a 
dissipated  and  ruffian  look,  smoking  a  long 
pipe,  who  had  been  an  accomplice  in  an 
atrocious  midnight  murder. 

He  had  narrowly  escaped  the  gallows  by 
turning  Queen's  evidence  on  his  com- 
panions. He  is  a  determined  burglar. 
We  could  observe  from  the  brutal,  reso- 
lute, bull-dog  look  of  the  man  that  he  was 


fit  for  any  deed  of  heartless  villany  when 
inflamed  with  strong  drink. 

Three  burglars  stood  in  the  middle  of 
the  crowd,  who  soon  after  left  it  and 
entered  a  beershop  in  the  street.  One  of 
them  was  dressed  like  a  respectable  me- 
chanic. He  was  rather  beneath  the  middle 
height,  stout-made,  with  his  nose  injured 
and  flattened,  possibly  done  in  some  broil. 
Another  was  more  brutal  in  appearance, 
and  more  degraded.  The  third  burglar 
was  not  so  resolute  in  character,  and  ap- 
peared to  be  an  associate  of  the  band. 

Ten  of  the  persons  present  had  been 
previously  convicted  of  robberies.  The 
greater  part,  if  not  the  whole  of  them,  were 
thieves,  or  associates  of  thieves. 

AVe  next  directed  our  way  to  the  Mint,  a 
well-known  harbour  of  low  characters, 
passing  knots  of  thieves  at  the  corners  of 
the  different  streets  as  we  proceeded  along. 
Some  were  sneaks,  and  others  pickpockets. 
In  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Mint  we  found 
a  number  of  children  gamboling  in  the 
streets.  One  in  particular  arrested  our 
attention,  an  interesting  little  girl  of  about 
five  years  of  age,  with  a  sallow  complexion, 
but  most  engaging  countenance,  radiant 
with  innocence  and  hope.  Other  sweet 
little  girls  were  playing  by  her  side,  possibly 
the  children  of  some  of  the  abandoned 
men  and  women  of  the  locality.  How  sad 
to  think  of  these  young  innocents  exposed 
to  the  contamination  of  bad  companion- 
ships around  them,  and  to  the  pernicious 
influence  of  the  bad  example  of  their 
parents  ! 

We  went  into  Evans's  lodging-house, 
noted  as  a  haunt  for  thieves.  Passing 
through  a  group  of  young  women  who 
stood  at  the  doorway,  we  went  downstairs 
to  an  apartment  below  and  saw  about  a 
dozen  of  young  lads  and  girls  seated  around 
a  table  at  a  game  of  cards.  One  of  these 
youths  was  a  notorious  pickpocket,  though 
young  in  years,  and  had  twice  escaped  out 
of  Horsemonger  Lane  gaol.  We  were  in- 
formed there  was  not  a  fourth  of  the  j^er- 
sons  present  who  usually  frequent  the 
house.  After  the  first  panic  was  over  the 
young  people  resumed  their  game,  some 
looking  slyly  at  us,  as  if  not  altogether  sure 
of  our  object.  Others  were  lying  extended 
on  the  benches  along  the  side  of  the  room. 
As  we  were  looking  on  this  curious  scene 
the  women  in  the  flat  above  had  followed 
us  down  and  were  peering  from  the  stair- 
case into  the  apartment  to  try  and  learn 
the  object  of  our  visit.  As  we  left  the 
house  we  took  a  glance  over  our  shoulder 
and  saw  them  standing  at  the  door,  follow- 
inor  our  movements. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


331 


We  bent  our  steps  to  Kent.  Street  and 
entered  a  beershop  there.  There  were  a 
number  of  thieves  and  "  smashers  "  (iitter- 
ers  of  base  coin)  hovering  round  the  bar. 
The  "smashers"  were  ordinary-looking 
men  and  women  of  the  lower  orders.  We 
saw  a  party  of  thieves  in  the  adjoining  taj)- 
room,  and  seated  ourselves  for  a  short  time 
among  them.  One  of  them  was  a  dexte- 
rous swell-mobsman,  who  has  been  several 
times  convicted  and  imprisoned.  A  dark- 
complexioned  little  man,  about  twenty-one 
years  of  age,  an  utterer  of  base  coin,  was 
lounging  in  the  seat  beside  us.  The  swell- 
mobsman  was  evidently  the  leading  man 
among  them.  He  was  a  good-looking  fair- 
haired  youth,  about  twenty  years  of  age, 
smart  and  decided  in  his  movements,  and 
with  a  good  appearance,  very  unlike  a  cri- 
minal. He  occasionally  dresses  in  high 
style,  in  a  superfine  black  suit,  with  white 
hat  and  crape,  and  occasionally  drives  out 
in  fashionable  vehicles. 

We  also  visited  Market  Street,  a  narrow 
by-street  off  the  Borough  Eoad,  a  well- 
known  rookery  of  prostitutes.  A  great  num- 
ber of  simple,  thoughtless  young  girls,  from 
various  parts  of  London  and  the  country, 
leave  their  homes  and  settle  down  here  and 
live  on  prostitution.  Here  we  saw  an  or- 
ganist performing  in  the  street,  surrounded 
by  a  dense  crowd  of  young  prostitutes, 
middle-aged  women,  and  children  of  the 
lower  class.  Two  young  women,  one  with 
her  face  painted,  and  the  other  a  slender 
girl  about  seventeen,  with  an  old  crownless 
straw  bonnet  on  her  head,  and  with  the 
crown  of  it  in  one  hand,  and  a  stick  in  the 
other,  were  dancing  in  wild  frolic  to  the 
strains  of  the  organ,  amid  the  merriment  of 
the  surrounding  crowd,  and  to  the  evident 
amazement  of  the  poor  minstrel,  while 
other  rough-looking  young  dames  were 
skipping  gaily  along  the  street. 

In  a  brothel  in  this  street  an  atrocious 
crime  was  perpetrated  a  few  days  ago  by 
George  Philips,  a  young  miscreant,  termed 
the  Jew-boy,  who  resided  there.  A  sailor, 
recently  returned  from  India,  hapj^ened  to 
enter  this  foul  den.  The  inmates  consisted 
of  the  Jew-boy's  sister,  a  common  prosti- 
tute, who  cohabited  with  Richard  Pitts,  a 
well-known  burglar,  recently  sentenced  to 
transportation  for  ten  years,  another  pros- 
titute named  Irish  Julia,  and  this  young 
villain,  the  Jew.  After  remaining  for  some 
time  the  sailor  told  them  he  was  to  leave 
their  company.  On  hearing  this,  Philips's 
sister  told  her  brother  to  stab  him  to  the 
heart.  He  instantly  took  out  a  knife  from 
his  pocket,  opened  it,  and  stabbed  the 
sailor  beneath  the  collar-bone.     After  com- 


mitting this  atrocious  crime  he  coolly 
wiped  the  knife  on  the  cuff  of  his  guernsey, 
at  the  same  time  stating,  if  the  sailor  had 
not  got  enough  he  would  give  him  the  other 
end  of  the  knife.  The  sailor  fell,  apparently 
mortally  wounded,  and  was  removed  to  St. 
Thomas's  Hospital. 

His  sister,  on  seeing  w^hat  her  brother 
had  done  by  her  order,  desperately  seized 
a  bottle  of  laudanum  in  the  room,  and 
drank  off  part  of  the  contents,  and  still  lies 
in  a  precarious  state. 

In  this  portion  of  Market  Street  we 
understand  every  house,  from  basement 
to  attic,  is  occupied  by  prostitutes  and 
thieves. 

We  entered  an  adjoining  pubHc-house, 
where  three  of  these  young  women  followed 
us  to  the  bar,  anxious  to  know  the  object 
of  our  ■  visiting  the  district.  They  called 
for  a  pint  of  stout,  which  they  drank  off 
heartily,  and  stood  loitering  beside  us  to 
hear  our  conversation,  so  that  they  might 
have  something  to  gossip  about  to  their 
companions.  The  girl  who  frolicked  in  the 
street  with  the  old  bonnet  was  one  of  them, 
and  had  now  laid  this  aside.  She  was  fair- 
haired,  and  good-looking,  but  was  very 
foolish  and  immodest  in  her  movements. 
One  of  her  companions  was  taUer  and  more 
robust,  but  her  conduct  showed  she  was  de- 
based in  her  character,  and  lost  to  all  sense 
of  propriety.  The  other  girl  was  tall  and 
dark-eyed,  and  more  quiet  and  calculating 
in  her  manner  as  she  stood,  in  a  light  cotton 
dress,  silently  leaning  against  the  door-post. 

One  evening  in  September,  about  eight 
o'clock,  we  took  another  ramble  over  the 
criminal  district  of  the  Borough. 

As  we  went  along  Kent  Street  the  lamps 
were  lit,  and  the  shops  in  the  adjoining 
streets  were  illuminated  with  their  flaring 
gas  lights.  On  passing  St.  George's  church 
we  saw  a  crowd  collected  around  a  drunken 
middle-aged  Irishwoman.  It  was  one  of 
those  motley  scenes  one  often  meets  in 
the  streets  of  London.  Young  people  and 
middle-aged,  old  women  and  children  were 
clustered  together,  some  well-dressed, 
others  in  mechanics'  dress,  begrimed  with 
dust  and  sweat,  and  others  hanging  in  rags 
and  tatters.  They  were  collected  around 
this  woman,  who  stood  on  the  pavement, 
while  the  mass  were  gathered  in  the  street, 
many  of  them  looking  on  anxiously  with 
eyes  and  mouth  open,  others  grinning  with 
dehght,  and  some  with  sinister  countenance, 
while  she  gesticulated  wildly,  yet  in  good 
humour,  in  a  strong  Irish  accent,  amid  the 
applause  of  the  auditory. 

We  could  not  hear  the  subject  of  her  ora- 
tion.   On  our  coming  up  to  hor  and  re- 


332 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


maining  for  a  short  time,  curious  to  know 
the  nature  of  the  comedy,  the  woman  went 
away,  followed  by  part  of  the  crowd,  when 
she  appeared  to  take  her  station  again  in 
the  midst  of  them.  AVe  had  no  time  to 
lose,  and  passed  on. 

On  our  proceeding  farther  into  Kent 
Street,  a  good-looking  girl,  evidently  be- 
longing to  the  lower  orders,  stood  in  a 
doorway,  with  beaming  smile,  and  beckoned 
us  to  enter.  She  had  accosted  us  in  like 
manner  in  the  light  of  open  day  on  our 
previous  visit  to  Kent  Street,  while  another 
young  woman,  of  her  own  age  and  size,  ap- 
parently her  sister,  stood  by  her  side.  As 
on  the  former  occasion  we  did  not  trust 
ourselves  to  these  syren  sisters,  but  again 
passed  on,  notwithstanding  urgent  solicita- 
tions to  enter. 

Farther  along  the  street  we  saw  a,  small 
group  of  men  and  boys — thieves  and  ut- 
terers  of  base  coin.  A  young  woman  of 
about  twenty-five  years  of  age  stood  among 
them,  who  was  a  common  prostitute  and 
expert  thief,  although  we  could  scarcely 
have  known  this  from  her  heavy,  stupid- 
looking  countenance,  which  Avas  bloated 
and  dissipated.  One  of  the  group  was  a 
burglar.  He  was  under  the  middle  size, 
pockpitted,  and  had  a  callous,  daring  look 
about  him.  We  had  time  to  study  the 
lines  of  his  face.  They  soon  divined  our 
purpose,  and  skulked  off  in  different  direc- 
tions, as  we  found  the  generality  of  such 
persons  to  do  in  the  course  of  our  visits. 
The  men  were  of  different  ages,  varying 
from  seventeen  to  thirty,  dressed  similar 
to  costermongers. 

We  bent  our  way  to  St.  George's  New 
Town,  a  by-street  off  Kent  Street.  On 
turning  the  corner  from  Kent  Street,  lead- 
ing into  St.  George's  New  Town,  we  saw  a 
cluster  of  men  and  women,  varying  in  age 
from  seventeen  to  forty,  also  dressed  like 
those  just  described.  Most  of  them  were 
convicted  thieves. 

We  then  came  back  to  Mint  Street,  lead- 
ing out  of  High  Street  in  the  Borough  to 
Southwark  Bridge  Eoad,  which,  as  we  have 
said,  is  very  low  and  disreputable. 

Leaving  Mint  Street  and  its  dark,  dis- 
reputable neighbourhood,  we  directed  our 
way  to  Norfolk  Street,  a  very  narrow  street, 
leading  into  Union  Street  in  the  Borough. 
This  locality  is  much  infested  with  pick- 
pockets and  also  with  "  dragsmen,"  i,  e. 
those  persons  who  steal  goods  or  luggage 
from  carts  and  coaches.  At  one  corner  of 
this  street  we  saw  no  less  than  seven  or 
eight  persons  clustered  together,  several  of 
them  convicted  thieves.  They  were  dressed 
similar  to  those  in  the  low  neighbourhoods 
already  described. 


We  then  went  into  Little  Surrey  Street, 
Borough  Road,  where  we  entered  a  beer- 
shop.  Here  we  found  four  men,  from  twenty- 
five  to  thirty-five  years  of  age — expert 
burglars.  One  of  them  appeared  to  be  a  me- 
chanic. He  told  us  he  was  an  engraver.  This 
was  the  same  burglar,  with  his  nose  flat- 
tened, we  had  seen  on  the  previous  occasion 
referred  to.  He  was  an  intelligent,  deter- 
mined man,  and  acted  as  the  head  of  the 
gang.  The  other  two  were  the  companions 
we  had  seen  with  him  in  Gunn  Street. 
All  of  them  were  rather  under  the  middle 
size.  They  were  now  better  dressed  than 
formerly,  and  apparently  on  the  eve  of 
setting  out  to  commit  some  felony.  They 
appeared  trimmed  up  in  working  order. 
A  prostitute,  connected  with  them,  with 
her  eye  blackened,  stood  by  the  bar.  She 
was  also  well-attired,  and  ready  to  accom- 
pany them.  Burglars  of  this  class  often 
have  a  woman  to  go  before  them,  to  carry 
their  housebreaking  tools,  to  the  house  they 
intend  to  enter,  as  they  might  be  arrested 
on  the  way  with  the  tools  in  their  own 
possession.  The  woman  was  tolerably  good- 
looking,  and  on  setting  out,  was  possibly 
getting  primed  with  gin.  The  engraver 
has  been  convicted  several  times  for  pick- 
ing pockets  as  well  as  for  burglary.  The 
other  two  are  convicted  burglars.  There, 
was  a  man  of  about  forty  years  of  age 
seated  beside  them  in  the  beershop,  whom, 
we  learned  was  in  a  decline.  The  burglars 
are  often  liberal  in  supporting  the  invalids 
connected  with  them,  and  the  latter  lend  a. 
subordinate  hand  occasionally  in  their 
nefarious  work,  such  as  in  assisting  to  dis- 
pose of  the  stolen  property.  One  of  their 
old  "  pals"  died  lately,  and  the  burglars  iii 
his  neighbourhood  raised  a  subscription  be- 
tween them  to  defray  his  funeral  expenses. 

We  proceeded  to  Market  Street,  Borough 
Road,  where  we  had  on  the  former  occasion 
observed  the  scene  of  merriment  with  the 
organist  and  the  young  girls.  But  the 
street  had  now  a  very  difterent  appearance. 
Instead  of  the  locality  ringing  with  the 
light-hearted  merriment  and  buffoonery  of 
the  young  girls  and  groups  of  children,  the. 
dark  pall  of  night  was  stretched  over  it. 
At  every  door  as  we  passed  we  saw  a  female 
standing  on  the  outlook  for  persons  to. 
enter  their  dens  of  prostitution  and  crime. 
They  solicited  us  in  whispers  to  enter,  or 
tapped  us  gentl}^  on  the  shoulder,  or  seized 
us  by  the  skirts  of  the  coat.  Some  of  them 
were  young  and  good-looking,  while  others 
were  old  and  bloated.  We  looked  into 
several  of  the  houses  as  we  went  along, 
and  saw  numbers  of  young  prostitutes  in. 
their  best  attire,  seated  by  tho  tables,  or 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


lolling  on  the  seats.  This  part  of  Market 
Street  is  one  of  the  lowest  rookeries  of 
prostitutes  and  thieves  in  London.  Many 
a  young  girl  has  been  ruined  by  entering 
these  low  brothels.  She  may  have  been 
a  servant  out  of  place,  or  she  may  have 
left  her  home  in  the  metropolis,  and  be- 
taken herself  here  to  a  life  of  infamy. 

These  prostitutes  assist  to  maintain  the 
burglars,  pickpockets,  and  other  thieves, 
when  they  are  not  successful  in  their  law- 
less calling.  Some  of  them  are  well-dressed 
and  remarkably  good-looking.  They  oc- 
casionally come  home  with  men  in  cabs 
from  the  difi'erent  theatres,  and  rob  them 
in  their  dwellings,  and  turn  them  uncere- 
moniously into  the  street,  but  do  not  strip 
them  of  their  clothing.  When  their  cash 
is  done,  they  wish  their  company  no  longer. 

In  other  low  districts  in  the  vicinity  of 
Kent  Street,  prostitutes  have  been  con- 
victed for  stealing  the  clothes  of  the  un- 
fortunates who  have  entered  their  dismal 
abodes. 

Leaving  Market  Street  and  the  alleys 
and  slums  of  that  locality  behind  us,  we 
went  along  Newington  Causeway,  a  far 
brighter  and  more  salubrious  scene.  This 
is  a  wide  business  street,  and  one  of  the 
main  streets  on  the  Surrey  side  of  the 
river,  where,  especially  in  the  evenings,  a 
good  deal  of  shopping  is  carried  on. 

The  south  side  of  Newington  Causeway, 
from  Horsemonger  Lane  gaol  to  the  Ele- 
phant and  Castle,  is  crowded  with  shops, 
the  street  being  lit  up  nearly  as  clear  as 
day.  There  are  several  splendid  gin-palaces 
in  this  locality,  generally  crowded  with  mot- 
ley groups  of  people  of  various  ranks  and 
pursuits  ;  and  milliners'  shops,  with  their 
v/indows  gaily  furnished  with  ladies'  bon- 
nets of  every  hue  and  style,  and  ribbons  of 
every  tint ;  and  drapers'  shops  with  cotton 
gown  pieces,  muslins,  collars,  and  gloves 
of  every  form  and  colour.  There  are  many 
boot-  and  shoe-shops,  with  assortments 
of  fancy  shoes  as  well  as  plain.  Up- 
holsterers' shops,  with  carpets  and  rugs  of 
every  pattern,  and  chemists,  with  their  gay- 
coloured  jars,  flaming  like  globes  of  red, 
blue,  green,  and  yellow  fire.  The  street  is 
filled  with  incessant  tides  of  mechanics, 
tradesmen's  wives,  milliners,  dressmakers, 
and  others,  going  shopping  or  returning 
from  their  daily  toil ;  and  many  respect- 
able people  take  their  evening's  walk  along 
this  cheerful  and  bustling  thoroughfare, 
which  is  a  favourite  place  for  promenading. 

In  walking  along  we  noticed  many  young 
men  and  women  in  respectable  attire. 
Here  we  saw  some  young,  genteel  milliners 
and   dressmakers,    and    girls    from    other 


places  of  business,  returning  to  their  homes 
or  lodgings,  at  the  close  of  the  day,  and 
taking  an  occasional  glance  at  the  shop 
windows,  as  they  passed  along.  By  their 
side  we  saw  apparently  some  married 
women,  out  shopping  with  a  new  bonnet, 
or  other  article  of  dress,  carefully  wrapt 
up.  In  another  part  of  the  street  we  saw 
a  shopman  making  love  to  a  pretty  girl, 
with  clustering  ringlets,  who  looked  se- 
renely upon  him  as  he  stood  bareheaded 
outside  the  door  of  a  drapery  establish- 
ment. 

Among  the  busy  throng  of  people  pass- 
ing to  and  fro  we  observed  two  young 
women,  pickpockets,  dressed  in  brown 
cloaks,  like  milliners,  and  in  fancy  bonnets, 
passing  quietly  along.  A  person  who  did 
not  know  them  personally,  could  not  have 
detected  their  criminal  character.  On  fol- 
lowing them  a  short  way,  they  passed  over 
to  the  other  side  of  the  street.  From  their 
features  and  from  the  similarity  of  their 
dress  we  could  have  guessed  them  to  be 
sisters.  They  were  apparently  about  twenty- 
five  years  of  age. 

As  is  generally  the  case  with  such  per- 
sons, on  being  noticed  they  separated  on 
the  other  side  of  the  street  to  prevent  our 
following  their  movements.  One  w^ent  o£f 
in  one  direction,  and  the  other  in  another  ; 
but  meantime  they  had  probably  arranged 
to  meet  each  other  when  out  of  the  officer's 
sight. 

The  Borough  is  chiefly  the  locality  of 
labouring  people  and  small  shopkeepers — 
the  masses  of  the  people — and  has  low 
neighbourhoods  in  many  of  the  by-streets, 
infested  by  the  dangerous  classes.  It  con- 
tains specimens  of  almost  all  kinds  of 
thieves,  from  the  lowest  to  the  most  ex- 
pert, though  for  the  most  part  few  of  the 
swells  reside  here.  Many  of  them  prefer 
to  live  about  the  Kingsland  Road. 

They  occasionally  leave  their  own  dwell- 
ings in  other  parts  of  the  city,  and  come 
here,  and  live  retired  to  be  away  from  the 
surveillance  of  the  pohce  of  their  own 
district. 

There  are  some  expert  '-'cracksmen" 
(burglars)  here,  dressed  in  fashionable  style, 
who  indulge  in  potations  of  brandy  and 
champagne,  and  the  best  of  liquors.  In 
their  appearance  there  is  little  or  no  trace 
of  their  criminal  character.  They  have 
the  look  of  sharp  business  men.  They 
commit  burglaries  at  country  mansions, 
and  sometimes  at  shops  and  warehouses, 
often  extensive,  and  generally  contrive  to 
get  safely  away  with  their  booty. 

These  crack  burglars  generally  live  in 
streets  adjoining  the  New  Kent  Road  and 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Newington  Causeway,  and  groups  of  them 
are  to  be  seen  occasionally  at  the  taverns 
beside  the  Elephant  and  Castle,  where 
they  regale  themselves  luxuriously  on  the 
choicest    wines,   and   are    lavish    of  their 


gold.  From  their  superior  manner  and 
dress  few  could  detect  their  real  character. 
One  might  pass  them  daily  in  the  street, 
and  not  be  able  to  recognize  them. 


HOUSEBREAKERS  AND  BURGLARS. 


The  expert  burglar  is  generally,  very  inge- 
nious in  his  devices,  and  combines  manual 
dexterity  with  courage.  In  his  own  sphere 
the  burglar  in  manual  adroitness  equals  the 
accomplished  pickpocket,  while  in  personal 
daring  he  rivals  our  modern  ruffians  of 
the  highway,  who  perpetrate  garotte  rob- 
beries, or  plunder  their  victims  with  open 
violence. 

Many  of  our  London  burglars  have  been 
trained  from  their  boyhood.  Some  are  the 
children  of  convicted  thieves  ;  some  have 
for  a  time  lived  as  sneaks,  committing 
petty  felonies  when  residing  in  low  lodging- 
houses  ;  others  are  the  children  of  honest 
parents,  mechanics  and  tradesmen,  led  into 
bad  company,  and  driven  into  criminal 
courses. 

In  treating  of  sneaks  we  alluded  to  the 
area-sneak,  and  lobby-sneak,  watching  a 
favourable  opportunity  and  darting  into 
the  kitchen  and  pantry,  and  sometimes 
entering  the  apartments  on  the  first  floor 
and  stealing  the  plate.  We  alluded  to  the 
lead-stealer  finding  his  way  to  the  house- 
top, and  to  the  attic-thief  adroitly  slipping 
downstairs  to  the  ajoartments  below,  and 
carrying  away  valuables,  jewellery,  plate, 
and  money.  Here  we  see  the  x^oints  of 
transition,  from  the  petty  felon  to  the 
daring  midnight  robber  plundering  with 
violence. 

We  shall  in  the  outset  ofi^er  a  few  gene- 
ral remarks  on  the  manner  in  which  house- 
breaking and  burglaries  are  effected  in 
liondon,  and  then  proceed  to  a  more  de- 
tailed account  of  the  various  modes  pur- 
sued in  the  difierent  districts. 

Brealcing  into  houses,  slio^n,  and  ivare- 
hoiises  is  accomphshed  in  various  ways, 
such  as  picking  the  locks  with  skeleton 
keys  ;  inserting  a  thin  instrument  between 
the  sashes  and  undoing  the  catch  of  the 
windows,  which  enables  the  thieves  to  lift  up 
the  under  sash  ;  getting  over  the  walls  at 
the  back,  and  breaking  open  a  door  or 
window  which  is  out  of  sight  of  the  street, 
or  other  public  place  ;  lifting  the  cellar-flap 
or  area-grating;  getting  into  an  empty 
house  next  door,  or  a  few  doors  off,  and 


passing  from  the  roof  to  that  of  the  house 
they  intend  to  rob ;  entering  by  an  attic- 
window,  or  trap-door,  and  if  there  are  neither 
window  nor  door  on  the  roof,  taking  off 
some  of  the  tiles  and  entering  the  house. 
Sometimes  the  thieves  wiU  make  an  entry 
through  a  brick  wall  in  an  adjoining  build- 
ing, or  climb  the  waterspout  to  get  in  at 
the  window.  These  are  the  general  modes 
of  breaking  into  houses. 

Sometimes  when  doors  are  fastened  with 
a  padlock  outside,  and  no  other  lock  on 
the  door,  thieves  will  get  a  padlock  as  near 
like  it  as  possible.  They  wiU  then  break 
off  the  proper  lock,  one  of  them  will  enter 
the  house,  and  an  accomplice  will  put  on  a 
lock  as  like  it  as  possible  to  deceive  the 
police,  while  one  or  more  inside  will  mean- 
time pack  up  the  goods.  Sometimes  a 
well-dressed  thief  waylays  a  servant-girl 
going  out  on  errands  in  the  evening,  pro- 
fesses to  fall  in  love  with  her,  and  gets  into 
her  confidence,  till  she  perhaps  admits  him 
into  the  house  when  her  master  and 
mistress  are  out.  Having  confidence  in 
him  she  shows  him  over  the  house,  and 
informs  him  where  the  valuables  are  kept. 
If  the  house  is  well  secured,  so  that  there 
will  be  difficulty  of  breaking  in  by  night, 
he  manages  to  get  an  accomplice  inside  to 
secrete  himself  till  the  family  has  gone  to 
bed,  when  he  admits  one  or  more  of  his 
companions  into  the  house.  They  pack  up 
all  they  can  lay  hold  of,  such  as  valuables 
and  jewels.  On  such  occasions  there  is 
generally  one  on  the  outlook  outside,  who 
follows  the  policeman  unobserved,  and 
gives  the  signal  to  the  parties  inside  w^hen 
it  is  safe  to  come  out. 

In  warehouses  one  of  the  thieves  fre- 
quently slips  in  at  closing-time,  when  only 
a  few  servants  are  left  behind,  and  are 
busy  shutting  up.  He  secretes  himself 
behind  goods  in  the  warehouse,  and  when 
all  have  retired  for  the  night,  and  the  door 
locked,  he  opens  it  and  lets  in  his  com- 
panions to  pack  up  the  booty.  Should  it 
consist  of  heavy  goods,  they  generally  have 
a  cart  to  take'  it  away.  They  are  some- 
times  afraid  to  engage  a    cabman  unless 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


33: 


they  can  get  him  to  connive  at  the  theft, 
and,  besides,  the  number  of  the  cab  can  be 
taken.  They  get  the  goods  away  in  the 
fohowing  manner.  If  consisting  of  bulky 
articles,  such  as  cloth,  silks,  &c.,  they  fill 
large  bags,  similar  to  sacks,  and  get  as 
much  as  they  think  the  ca»H  can  conve- 
niently hold,  placed  near  the  door.  When 
the  policeman  has  passed  by  on  his  round, 
the  watch  stationed  outside  gives  the 
signal ;  the  door  is  opened,  the  cart  drives 
up,  and  four  or  five  sacks  are  handed  into 
it  by  two  thieves  in  about  a  minute,  when 
the  vehicle  retires.  It  is  loaded  and  goes 
off  sooner  than  a  gentleman  would  take  his 
carpet-bag  and  portmanteau  into  a  cab 
when  going  to  a  railway-station.  The  cart 
proceeds  with  the  driver  in  one  way,  while 
the  thieves  walk  off  in  a  diff"erent  direction. 
They  close  the  outer  door  after  them  when 
they  enter  a  shop  or  warehouse,  most  of 
which  have  spring  locks.  When  the  po- 
liceman comes  round  on  his  beat  he  finds 
the  door  shut,  and  there  is  nothing  to 
excite  his  suspicion.  The  cart  is  never 
seen  loitering  at  the  door  above  a  couple  of 
minutes,  and  does  not  make  its  appear- 
ance on  the  spot  till  the  robbery  is  about 
to  be  committed,  when  the  signal  is  given. 

Lighter  goods,  such  as  jewellery,  or  goods 
of  less  bulk,  are  generally  taken  away  in 
carpet  bags  in  time  to  catch  an  early 
train,  often  about  five  or  sis  o'clock,  and 
the  robbers  being  respectably-dressed,  and 
in  a  neighbourhood  where  they  are  not 
known,  pass  on  in  most  cases  unmolested. 
Sometimes  they  pack  up  the  goods  in 
hampers,  as  if  they  were  going  off  to  some 
railway-station.  When  there  is  no  one 
sleeping  on  the  premises,  and  when  they 
have  come  to  learn  where  the  party  lives 
who  keeps  the  keys,  they  watch  him  home 
at  night  after  locking  up,  and  set  a  watch 
on  his  house,  that  their  confederates  may 
not  be  disturbed  when  rifling  the  premises. 
If  they  are  to  remove  the  goods  in  the 
morning  they  do  it  about  an  hour  be- 
fore the  warehouse  is  usually  023ened,  so 
that  the  neighbours  are  taken  off  their 
guard,  supposing  the  premises  are  opened 
a  little  earlier  than  usual  in  consequence  of 
being  busy.  Sometimes  they  stand  and 
see  the  goods  taken  out,  and  pay  no  par- 
ticular attention  to  it.  In  the  event  of  the 
person  who  keeps  the  keys  coming  up 
sooner  than  usual,  the  man  keeping  watch 
hastens  forward  and  gives  the  signal  to  his 
companions,  if  they  have  not  left  the  ware- 
house.     ^ 

It  often  happens  when  they  have  got  an 
entry  into  a  house,  they  have  to  break  their 
way  into  the  apartments  in  the  interior  to 


reach  the  desired  booty,  such  as  wrenching 
open  an  inner  door  with  a  small  crowbar 
they  term  a  jemmy,  cutting  a  panel  out  of 
a  door,  or  a  partition,  with  a  cutter  similar 
to  a  centrebit,  which  works  with  two  or 
three  knives  ;  this  is  done  very  adroitly  in 
a  short  space  of  time,  and  with  very  little 
noise.  At  other  times,  when  on  the  floor 
above,  they  cut  through  one  or  more  boards 
in  the  flooring,  and  frequently  cut  jjanee  of 
glass  in  the  windows  with  a  knife  or  awl. 

They  get  information  as  to  the  property 
in  warehouses  from  porters  and  others  un- 
wittingly by  leading  them  into  conversa- 
tion regarding  the  goods  on  the  premises, 
the  silks  they  have  got,  &c.,  and  find  out 
the  part  of  the  premises  where  they  are  to 
be  found.  Sometimes  they  go  in  to  inspect 
them  on  the  pretence  of  looking  at  some 
articles  of  merchandise. 

It  occasionally  happens  servants  are  in 
league  with  thieves,  and  give  them  informa- 
tion as  to  the  hour  when  to  come,  and  the 
easiest  way  to  break  in.  Sometimes  ser- 
vants basely  admit  the  thieves  into  the 
premises  to  steal,  and  give  them  impres- 
sions of  the  keys,  which  enables  them 
to  make  other  keys  to  enter  the  house. 
Thieves  sometimes  take  a  blank  key  with- 
out wards,  cover  it  with  wax,  work  it  in  the 
keyhole  against  the  wards  of  the  lock,  and 
by  that  means  the  impression  is  left  in  the 
wax.  They  then  take  it  home  and  make  a 
similar  key.  When  looking  into  the  lock 
they  frequently  strike  a  match  on  the  door- 
way, and  pretend  to  be  hghting  a  pipe  or 
cigar,  which  prevents  passers  by  suspecting 
their  object. 

These  are  the  general  modes  of  house- 
breaking and  burglary  over  the  metropolis, 
but  in  order  that  we  may  have  a  more  vivid 
and  thorough  conception  of  the  subject,  we 
shall  give  a  more  graphic  detail  of  these 
felonies.  We  shall  first  advert  to  breaking 
into  shops  and  warehouses,  and  then 
proceed  to  describe  burglaries  in  various 
parts  of  the  metropolis. 

It  frequently  occurs  that  a  thief  enters  a 
warehouse,  or  large  shop,  and  secretes  him- 
self behind  some  goods,  or  in  the  cellar,  or 
up  the  chimney.  This  could  be  done  at 
any  hour  of  the  day,  but  is  frequently 
managed  when  the  servants  or  shopmen 
are  out  dining  at  mid-day,  or  towards 
evening,  when  the  places  of  business  are 
about  to  be  closed.  The  thief  may  be  re- 
spectably dressed,  or  not,  according  to  the 
nature  of  the  place  of  business.  A  person 
may  call  with  some  fictitious  message, 
and  keep  one  or  more  of  the  servants  or 
shopmen  in  conversation  while  a  confede- 
rate could  meantime  slip  into  the  shop  or 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


warehouse,  and  if  detected  would  seldom 
be  suspected  of  being  connected  with  this 
party.  They  sometimes  hover  for  days  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  shops  and  ware- 
houses they  intend  to  plunder,  and  watch 
the  most  favourable  opportunity  to  effect 
this  object. 

Towards  evening  when  the  servants  are 
all  gone,  and  the  place  of  business  closed, 
the  rest  of  his  companions  come  to  the 
spot,  consisting  of  one  or  more  men,  a 
woman  being  occasionally  employed.  While 
they  are  aware  that  one  of  their  gang  is 
secreted  on  the  premises,  as  a  precaution 
they  sometimes  knock  at  the  door  or  ring 
the  bell  to  ascertain  if  the  servants  or 
shopmen  are  gone.  Should  they  be  linger- 
ing in  the  premises,  arranging  the  goods, 
engaged  with  their  business-books,  ac- 
counts,or  otherwise,  they  ask  for  Mr.  So-and- 
so,  or  have  some  other  fictitious  message. 

On  the  departure  of  the  people  belong- 
ing to  the  shop,  the  thief  inside  generally 
opens  the  door  to  his  companions  on  the 
given  signal,  when  they  proceed  to  rifle  the 
premises  of  Manchester  goods,  cottons, 
silks,  shawls,  satins,  or  otherwise,  and  to 
store  them  into  large  bags  they  bring  with 
them,  which  they  place  beside  the  door, 
when  filled,  to  be  conveniently  carried 
away.  They  wrench  open  the  desks,  money- 
drawers,  and  other  lockfasts  with  a  jemmy, 
chisel,  or  screw-driver,  as  well  as  any  doors 
which  may  be  locked,  occasionally  using 
the  cutter  and  saw,  or  other  tools,  and 
pierce  through  brick  and  other  partition 
walls  with  an  auger  or  other  instrument. 
In  many  cases  the  doors  of  the  apartments 
in  warehouses  are  left  open  so  that  the 
thief  has  free  access  to  the  property. 

Meantime  a  man  or  woman  is  watching 
outside  while  the  thieves  are  busy  plunder- 
ing within,  keeping  a  special  look-out  for 
the  policeman  proceeding  on  his  beat. 
They  have  many  ingenious  expedients  to 
decoy  him  away,  by  conversation  or  other- 
wise. The  policeman  is  generally  from 
fifteen  to  twenty  minutes  in  going  round 
his  beat,  so  that  they  have  ample  time  to 
carry  off  the  booty. 

While  the  thieves  are  busy  collecting 
their  spoil,  the  door  is  shut  with  a  spring 
lock,  or  fastened  with  a  padlock  by  means 
of  a  key  they  may  have  made  for  the  pur- 
pose, so  that  the  policeman  has  no  sus- 
picion of  what  is  passing  within.  The 
former  frequently  remain  for  several  hours 
on  the  premises,  while  a  person  outside  is 
keeping  watch,  waiting  to  hear  their  signal 
when  they  have  got  the  booty  packed  and 
ready.  Should  the  coast  be  clear  outside, 
notice  is  conveyed  to  the  cart  or  cab,  loiter-  j 


ing  somewhere  in  the  vicinity,  or  which 
drives  up  at  a  certain  hour,  when  the  door 
opens.  The  plunder  is  quickly  handed  into 
the  vehicle,  which  drives  smartly  away. 
The  door  is  then  shut,  and  the  robbers 
walk  off,  possibly  in  a  difTerent  direction  to 
that  in  which  the  conveyance  is  gone. 

Burglaries  from  jeivdlers'  shops  are  fre- 
quently effected  by  means  of  skeleton  keys, 
or  otherwise,  by  one  or  more  men.  A 
woman  often  carries  the  tools  to  the  shop, 
and  keeps  watch.  So  soon  as  a  favourable 
opportunity  occurs  they  unlock  the  door 
and  enter  the  premises,  while  a  man  or 
woman  watches  outside,  the  woman  per- 
haps walking  along  the  street  as  though  she 
were  a  common  prostitute,  or  familiarly 
accosting  the  policeman  or  other  persons 
she  meets,  and  decoying  them  away  from 
the  shop.  In  some  cases,  when  she  has  not 
succeeded  in  getting  the  policeman  away, 
she  pretends  to  fall  down  in  a  fit,  when  he 
has  possibly  to  take  her  to  the  nearest  sur- 
geon. Sometimes  the  woman  feigns  to  be 
drunk,  and  is  taken  to  the  police  station, 
which  takes  him  off  his  beat.  In  the  mean- 
while the  parties  inside,  with  jemmy,  chisel, 
saw,  or  other  tools,  and  with  silent  lights 
and  taper  or  dark  lantern,  break  open  the 
glass  cases  and  boxes,  and  steal  gold  and 
silver  Avatches,  gold  chains,  brooches,  pins, 
and  other  jewellery,  which  they  deposit  in 
a  small  carpet-bag,  as  well  as  rifle  money 
from  the  desk. 

Jewellers'  shops  are  sometimes  entered  by 
the  thief  getting  into  an  unoccupied  house 
next  door,  or  two  or  three  houses  otf,  and 
proceeding  along  the  roofs  to  the  attic  or 
roof  of  the  house  to  be  robbed,  and  going  in 
by  the  attic  window,  or  removing  a  few  of 
the  slates.  The  thieves  then  go  downstairs 
and  cut  their  way  through  the  door  or  par- 
tition, and  effect  an  entry  into  the  shop. 

Most  of  the  robberies  in  jewellers'  shops 
have  of  late  years  been  committed  by  means 
of  false  keys,  or  by  cutting  out  a  hole  in  the 
door  or  shutter  with  a  cutter,  which  is 
done  in  a  short  space  of  time,  and  when 
the  instrument  is  moistened  it  makes  very 
little  noise.  This  hole  is  covered  with  a 
piece  of  paper  painted  of  the  same  colour 
as  the  door,  and  is  pasted  on,  which  pre- 
vents the  police  having  any  suspicion. 

Sometimes  jewellers'  shops  are  entered 
by  persons  lodging  in  the  floor  above,  or 
having  access  to  it,  and  then  cutting 
through  the  flooring  and  descending  into 
the  jeweller's  shop  by  means  of  a  rope- 
ladder  they  attach  to  the  floor.  At  other 
times  they  are  entered  by  cutting  through 
the  solid  brick  wall  at  the  back  of  the  shop. 
Several    years    ago    a  very  remarkable 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


337 


burglary  took  place  at  Mr.  Acutt's  large 
linen-drapery  establishment  in  the  West- 
minster Eoad.  About  four  o'clock  in  the 
morning  the  pohceman  on  duty  heard  a 
man  give  the  signal  at  a  shop-door.  The 
constable  believing  thieves  to  be  on  the 
premises  sprung  his  rattle,  roused  up  the 
inmates,  and  got  the  assistance  of  several 
other  constables.  When  they  entered  the 
shop  they  found  upwards  of  30Z.  worth  of 
silks  and  satins,  and  other  valuables  packed 
up  in  bundles  ready  to  be  carried  off. 
They  found  two  thieves  who  had  gained  an 
entrance  by  getting  over  some  closets, 
scaling  a  wall  by  means  of  the  rain-spout, 
and  walking  along  a  high  wall  about  nine 
inches  thick.  They  then  removed  the  sky- 
light at  the  back,  and  let  themselves  down 
into  the  shop  by  a  rope-ladder.  By  this 
means  they  got  into  the  shop  of  Mr.  Acutt. 

On  being  scared  by  the  police  they 
jumped  from  one  house  to  another,  eight 
feet  apart,  over  a  height  of  about  fifty  feet, 
and  there  concealed  themselves  behind  a 
stack  of  chimneys.  Several  policeman 
mounted  to  the  roofs,  but  could  not  find 
them  ;  and  no  one  would  venture  to  leap 
to  the  adjoining  houses,  whither  the  thieves 
had  gone.  An  inspector  of  police  ordered 
two  men  in  plain  clothes  to  be  on  the 
watch,  believing  they  must  be  concealed 
somewhere  on  the  housetops. 

About  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning  a 
man  of  the  name  of  Fitzgerald  was  out  in 
a  back  court  of  an  adjoining  house  wash- 
ing himself,  when  the  thieves  came  down  by 
a  spout  twenty  feet  long  communicating 
with  the  water  cistern.  On  getting  down 
one  of  them  jumped  on  the  back  of  Fitz- 
gerald. He  shouted  out  "  murder  and 
police,"  when  two  constables  came  up  and 
took  both  of  the  thieves  into  custody. 

On  the  trial  it  was  said  the  prisoners' 
women  had  given  several  pounds  to  bribe 
this  man,  and  he  pretended  he  could  not 
identify  them,  and  they  were  acquitted. 
They  have  since  been  transported  for  other 
burglaries. 

One  of  them  was  a  man  of  thirty  years  of 
age,  about  five  feet  nine  inches  high,  slim 
made,  with  a  most  daring  countenance. 
The  other  was  of  middle  stature,  about 
twenty-six  years  of  age,  with  pleasing  ap- 
pearance. 

Another  burglary  took  place  in  a  silk 
warehouse  in  Cheapside  in  1842.  The 
burglars  were  admitted  into  an  adjoining 
carpet  warehouse  by  one  of  the  warehouse- 
men on  a  Saturday  night,  and  broke  through 
a  brick- wall  eight  or  nine  inches  thick,  and 
made  an  entry  into  the  silk  warehouse. 
They  did  not   steal   any  carpets,  as  they 


were  too  bulky.  Goods  were  seen  to  be 
taken  away  by  a  cab  on  the  Sunday  after- 
noon. The  padlock  was  meantime  secure 
on  the  outdoor,  so  that  the  police  had  no 
suspicion. 

The  robbery  was  discovered  on  the 
Monday  morning,  when  it  was  found  from 
1500Z.  to  2000/.  had  been  carried  ofi*,  and 
that  a  100?.  bank  note  had  also  been  taken 
from  the  desk  of  the  carpet  warehouse. 

Soon  after  the  foreman  of  the  latter 
business  establishment  absconded,  and  has 
not  since  been  heard  of,  and  there  is 
strong  suspicion  he  had  connived  with  the 
burglars. 

Number  of  cases  of  breaking  into  shops, 
&c.,    in     the     Metropolitan    districts    for 


1860 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  City 


104 
20 

124 


Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
the  Metropolitan  districts   ..    £1,899     0 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  City     ..  46110 


£2,360  10 


We  shall  now  treat  of  the  burglaries  in 
the  metropolis,  commencing  with  the  lower, 
and  proceeding  to  notice  the  higher  bur- 
glars, termed  the  "cracksmen." 

Burglaries  in  the  working  districts  of  the 
metropolis  are  effected  in  various  ways — by 
one  man  mounting  the  shoulders  of  another 
and  getting  into  a  first-floor  window,  similar 
to  acrobats,  by  chmbing  over  walls  leading 
to  the  rear  of  premises,  cutting  or  breaking 
a  pane  of  glass,  and  then  unfastening  the 
catch  ;  or  by  pushing  back  the  catch  of 
the  window  with  a  sharp  inrstrument,  or 
by  cutting  a  panel  of  a  door  with  a  sharp 
tool,  such  as  an  American  "  auger."  Fre- 
quently they  force  the  lock  of  the  door 
with  a  jemmy.  The  lower  class  of  bur- 
glars who  have  not  proper  tools  sometimes 
use  a  screw-driver  instead  of  a  jemmy.  In 
the  forcing  of  the  locks  of  drawers  or 
boxes,  in  search  of  property,  they  use  a 
small  chisel  with  a  fine  edge,  and  occasion- 
ally an  old  knife. 

There  are  frequently  three  persons  em- 
ployed in  these  burglaries — two  to  enter  a 
house,  and  one  to  keep  watch  outside,  to  see 
that  there  is  no  person  passing  likely  to 
detect.  This  man  is  generally  termed  a 
"crow."     Sometimes    a    woman,   called  a 


"  canary, 
outside. 


carries  the  tools,  and  watches 


These  low  burglars  carry  off  a  booty  of 
such   small   value  that  they  are  necessi- 


33S 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


tated  frequently  to  commit  depredations. 
They  steal  male  and  female  wearing  apparel, 
and  small  articles  of  plate  or  jewellery,  such 
as  teaspoons  or  a  watch. 

They  are  from  seventeen  years  of  age 
and  upwards,  and  reside  in  the  Borough, 
Whitechapel,  St.  Giles,  Shoreditch,  and 
other  low  localities. 

There  is  another  kind  of  burglary  com- 
mitted by  persons  concealing  themselves 
on  the  premises,  which  is  often  done  in 
public-houses.  The  parties  enter  before 
the  house  is  closed,  by  concealing  them- 
selves in  the  coal-cellar,  skittle-ground,  or 
other  place  where  they  are  unobserved 
by  those  in  charge  of  the  house.  These 
burglaries  are  done  by  low  people,  with 
whose  previous  mode  of  living  the  police 
are  generally  not  acquainted.  Very  fre- 
quently they  steal  cigars,  money  in  the  till 
or  on  the  shelves  of  the  bar,  left  to  give 
change  to  customers  in  the  morning.  There 
is  another  mode  of  entering  public-houses, 
by  the  cellar  flaps  from  the  pavement  in 
front  of  the  house,  or  by  going  through  the 
fanlight,  and  stealing  property  as  before 
described,  and  returning  the  same  way, 
sometimes  letting  themselves  out  by  the 
front  door,  \vhich  has  often  a  spring  lock. 

These  burglaries  are  generally  done  at 
midnight,  or  between  1  and  5  o'clock. 

There  is  a  higher  class  of  burglaries  com- 
mitted at  fashionable  residences  over  the 
metropolis,  and'- at  the  mansions  of  the 
gentry  and  nobility,  many  of  them  in  the 
West-end  districts. 

The  houses  to  be  robbed  are  carefully 
watched  for  several  weeks,  sometimes  for 
months,  before  the  burglary  is  attempted. 
The  thieves  take  great  precautions  in  such 
cases.  They  glean  information  secretly  as 
to  the  inmates  of  the  house ;  where  they 
sleep,  and  where  valuable  pro^Jerty  is  kept. 
Sometimes  this  is  done  by  watching  the 
lights  over  the  house  for  successive  nights. 
These  burglaries  are  often  *'  put  up  "  by  the 
persons  who  execute  them.  They  frequently 
get  some  of  their  more  engaging  companions 
to  court  one  of  the  servant  girls,  give  her 
small  presents,  and  gain  her  favour,  with 
the  ultimate  object  of  gaining  access  to  the 
house  and  plundering  it.  At  other  times, 
though  more  rarely,  they  endeavour  to  be- 
come acquainted  with  the  male  servants  of 
the  house— the  butler,  valet,  coachman, 
or  groom.  Sometimes  they  try  to  learn 
from  the  servants  through  other  parties 
becoming  acquainted  with  them,  if  they 
cannot  succeed  themselves.  At  other  times 
they  gather  information  from  tradesmen 
who  are  called  to  the  house  on  jobbing 
work,  such  as  painters,  plumbers,  glaziers. 


bell-hangers,  tinsmiths,  and  others,  some 
of  whom  live  near  the  burglars  in  low 
neighbourhoods,  or  are  frequently  to  be 
seen  in  the  evenings  in  their  company. 
We  can  point  our  finger  at  three  of  these 
base  wretches.  One  of  them  lives  in  White- 
friars,  Fleet  Street,  another  in  Tottenham- 
court  Road,  and  a  third  in  Newell  Street, 
Wardour  Street,  Oxford  Street,  These  three 
persons  get  up  many  of  the  burglaries 
in  the  West-end  and  other  parts  of  the 
metropolis,  where  they  have  work  to  do, 
Avhen  tliey  find  a  suitable  place.  Some  of 
them  have  put  up  burglaries  for  thirteen  or 
fourteen  years,  and  none  of  them  have  been 
detected,  though  suspected  by  the  police. 
They  never  have  a  hand  in  the  burglaries 
themselves,  but  secure  a  part  of  the  booty. 
These  "putters  up"  are  from  thirty  to 
thirty-five  years  of  age,  and  one  of  them 
has  been  convicted  of  a  felony. 

If  the  burglars  cannot  enter  by  the  back 
of  the  premises,  they  go  to  the  first-floor 
windov/  in  front,  where  there  are  no  shut- 
ters. It  matters  not  whether  it  be  pub- 
lic or  not ;  they  v.'ill  enter  in  a  couple  of 
minutes  the  premises  by  cutting  the  glass 
and  undoing  the  catch. 

The  dwelling-houses  in  the  West-end 
have  often  been  entered  by  the  first-floor 
window;  and  servants  have  many  times 
been  wrongfully  charged  with  these  bur- 
glaries, and  lost  their  places  in  consequence. 

Burglars  generally  leave  their  haunts  to 
plunder  about  twelve  o'clock  at  midnight, 
often  driving  up  in  a  cab  to  a  short  distance 
from  the  spot  where  the  burglary  is  to  be 
attempted ;  but  they  frequently  do  not 
enter  the  house  till  one  or  two  in  the 
morning.  In  general,  they  take  some 
liquor,  such  as  gin  and  brandy,  to  keep  up 
their  spirits,  as  they  call  it.  The  one  who 
is  to  watch  outside  generally  takes  up  his 
position  first,  and  the  others  follow.  This 
is  arranged  so  that  the  persons  who  enter 
— generally  tv/o,  sometimes  three — should 
not  be  seen  by  the  policeman  or  others 
near  the  house. 

When  the  latter  come  up,  and  find  their 
companion  at  his  post,  and  see  the  coast 
clear,  they  instantly  proceed  to  enter  the 
house,  in  front  or  behind,  by  the  door  or 
windows.  Expert  burglars  go  separate,  to 
avoid  suspicion. 

On  entering  the  house,  they  go  about  the 
work  very  cautiously  and  quietly,  taking 
oft'  their  shoes,  some  walking  in  their  stock- 
ings, and  others  with  India-rubber  over- 
alls. If  disturbed  they  very  seldom  leave 
their  shoes  or  boots  behind  them. 

Their  chief  object  is  to  get  plate,  jewellery, 
cash,  and  other  valuables.     The  drawing- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


339 


room  is  usually  on  the  first-floor  in  front ; 
sometimes  the  whole  of  the  first-floor  is  a 
drawing-room.  They'often  find  valuabbs  in 
the  drawing-room.  They  search  parlour, 
kitchen,  and  pantry,  and  even  open  the  ser- 
vant's Avorkbox  for  her  small  savings. 

When  they  cannot  get  enough  jewellery 
and  plate  they  carry  off  wearmg  apparel. 
They  often  take  money  in  the  drawing- 
room  from  writing-desks  and  ladies  work- 
boxes.  Experienced  burglars  do  not  spare 
time  and  trouble  to  look  well  for  their 
plunder. 

This  is  the  general  course  adopted  on 
entering  a  dwelling-house.  In  entering  a 
shop,  if  they  can  find  sufficient  money  to 
satisfy  them,  they  do  not  carry  off'  bulky 
j^roperty,  but  if  there  is  no  money  in  the 
desk  or  tills  they  rifle  the  goods,  if  they  are 
of  value. 

In  West-end  robberies  there  are  often 
two  good  cracksmen,  one  to  keep  w^atch 
outside,  while  another  is  busy  at  his  work 
of  plunder  within.  The  person  outside 
has  to  be  on  the  alert,  as  he  has  generally 
to  keep  watch  over  an  experienced  officer, 
and  to  let  his  companions  know  when  it  is 
safe  for  them  to  work  or  to  come  out. 

When  a  catch  is  in  the  centre  of  the 
window  it  is  opened  with  a  knife.  If  there 
should  be  one  on  each  side  they  will  cut  a 
pane  of  glass  in  less  than  fifteen  seconds, 
and  undo  them.  The  burglars  seldom 
think  of  carrying  a  diamond  with  them,  but 
generally  cut  the  glass  with  a  knife,  as  the 
starglazers  do. 

The  shutters  behind  the  window  frame 
are  often  cut  with  what  the  burglars  term 
a  cutter.  It  cuts  with  two  knives,  with  a 
centrebit  stock,  and  makes  a  hole  sufii- 
ciently  large  to  admit  the  burglar's  arm. 

When  the  shutters  are  opened  there  are 
often  iron  bars  to  guard  the  window.  The 
burglars  tie  a  piece  of  strong  cord  or  rope 
about  two  of  the  bars,  and  insert  a  piece  of 
wood  about  a  foot  in  length  betw^een  this 
rope,  and  twist  the  wood.  The  bar  is 
thereby  bent  suflicient  to  allow  them  to 
eater,  or  it  gives  way  in  the  socket.  These 
bars  are  sometimes  forced  asunder  by  a 
small  instrument  called  a  jack,  by  which  a 
worm  worked  by  a  small  handle  displaces 
them.  The  rope  and  stick  are  used  when 
they  have  not  a  jack.  The  latter  can 
be  conveniently  carried  in  the  trousers 
pocket. 

Woodwork,  such  as  shutters,  doors,  and 
partitions,  is  often  cut  in  late  years  with 
the  cutter,  instead  of  the  jemmy,  as  the 
former  is  a  more  effective  tool,  and  makes 
an  opening  more  expeditiously.  With  this 
instrument    a    door    or    shutter    can    be 


pierced  sufficiently  large  to  admit  the  arm 
in  a  few  minutes. 

A  brick  A\all  requires  more  time.  If  there 
are  no  persons  within  hearing,  an  opening 
can  be  made  sufficiently  large  for  a  man  to 
pass  through,  in  an  hour.  If  there  are 
people  near  the  apartment,  it  requires 
to  be  more  softly  done,  and  frequently 
occupies  two  or  three  hours,  even  when 
done  by  an  expert  burglar.  They  gene- 
rally pierce  one  brick  with  an  auger,  and 
displace  it  ;  after  the  first  brick  is  out, 
they  work  Avith  a  jemmy,  and  take  the 
mortar  out,  then  pierce  a  brick  on  the 
other  side  of  the  wall. 

Burglars  cannot  pick  Chubb's  patent 
locks.  The  best  way  to  secure  premises 
where  no  person  sleeps  is  to  have  a  good 
patent  lock  on  the  outer  door,  with  an  iron 
bar  outside  fastened  by  a  imtent  Chubb 
lock.  This  acts  with  double  safety.  If  they 
break  it  oft'  on  the  outside,  the  policeman 
easily  detects  it  when  he  comes  round  on 
his  beat,  which  he  is  sure  to  do  before  they 
have  got  the  other  lock  opened,  and  this 
prevents  them  getting  in  that  way.  If  they 
break  in  from  the  roof,  or  from  the  back, 
by  cutting  round  the  lock  of  an  inside  door, 
they  do  not  get  the  outside  door  opened, 
and  cannot  get  away  any  bulk}^  goods.  By 
this  means  the  warehouse  is  more  safe 
than  if  it  were  fastened  any  other  way. 

Common  locks  on  doors  are  so  easily 
picked  by  thieves  that  no  warehouse  ought 
to  be  left  fastened  in  this  way,  unless  there 
is  a  watchman  over  it. 

Some  cracksmen  have  what  is  called  a 
petter-cutter,  that  is,  a  cutter  for  iron 
safes;  an  instrument  made  similar  to  a 
centrebit,  in  wich  drills  are  fixed.  They 
fasten  this  into  the  keyhole  by  a  screw 
with  a  strong  pressure  outside.  The 
turning  part  is  so  fixed  that  the  drills  cut 
a  piece  out  over  the  keyhole  sufficiently 
large  to  get  to  the  wards  of  the  lock.  They 
then  pull  the  bolt  of  the  lock  back  and 
open  the  door. 

Chubb's  locks  on  iron  safes  are  now 
made  drill  proof,  so  that  they  cannot  be- 
pierced. 

Any  person  sleeping  in  a  room,  with, 
valuable  property  in  his  possession,  ought 
to  have  a  chain  on  the  door,  like  a  street- 
door  cliain,  as  the  common  locks  are  so 
easily  picked,  and  the  masked  thief,  with 
dark  lantern,  can  creep  into  the  room  with- 
out being  heard.  The  rattling  of  the  chain 
is  sure  to  awaken  the  person  sleej)ing. 

Expert  burglars  are  generally  equipped 
with  good  tools.  They  have  a  jemmy,  a 
cutter,  a  dozen  of  betties,  better  known  as 
picklocks,  a  jack  to  remove  iron  bars,  a 


z  2 


340 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB. 


dark  lantern  or  a  taper  and  some  silent 
lights,  and  a  life-preserver,  and  sometimes 
have  a  cord  or  rope  with  them,  which  can 
be  easily  converted  into  a  rope  ladder.  A 
knife  is  often  used  in  place  of  a  chisel  for 
opening  locks,  drawers,  or  desks.  They 
often  carry  masks  on  their  face,  so  that 
they  might  not  be  identified.  The  dark 
lantern  is  very  small,  with  oil  and  cotton 
wick,  and .  sometimes  onl}'-  shows  a  light 
about  the  size  of  a  shilling,  so  that  the  re- 
flection is  not  seen  on  the  street  without. 
Burglars  often  use  the  jemmy  in  place  of 
picklocks.  When  they  go  out  with  their 
tools,  they  usually  carry  them  wrapped  up 
"with  list,  so  that  they  can  throw  them  away 
without  making  a  noise,  should  a  police- 
man stop  them,  or  attempt  to  arrest  them. 
These  are  easily  carried  in  the  coat  pocket, 
as  they  are  not  bulky.  There  are  parties — 
sometimes  old  convicts — who  lend  tools 
out  on  hire. 

When  discovered  by  the  inmates  they 
are  generally  disposed  to  make  their  escape 
rather  than  to  fight,  and  try  to  avoid  vio- 
lence unless  hotly  pursued.  If  driven  to 
extremity,  they  are  ready  to  use  the  life- 
preserver,  jemmy,  or  other  weapon. 

Sometimes  they  carry  a  life-preserver  of 
a  peculiar  style,  consisting  of  a  small  ball 
^attached  to  a  piece  of  gut,  that  fastens 
round  the  wrist.  AVith  this  instrument, 
easily  carried  in  the  palm  of  the  hand,  they 
•can  strike  the  persons  who  oppose  them 
.senseless,  and  severely  injure  them. 

In  going  up  and  down  stairs,  they  often 
■creep  up  not  in  the  centre  but  the  side  of 
the  stair,  to  avoid  being  heard,  as  it 
is  apt  to  creak  beneath  the  footstep,  and 
they  generally  take  oflf  their  shoes  to  move 
more  stealthily  along. 

They  often  use  the  cutter  to  make  an 
■opening  in  the  middle  of  the  panel  suffi- 
ciently large  to  admit  the  arm,  to  undo 
locks  or  bolts  they  cannot  reach  outside. 

Sometimes  when  the  key  is  inside,  and 
the  door  locked,  they  open  it  with  a  small 
pair  of  plyers  ;  others  use  a  long  piece  of 
wire,  with  a  hoop  put  through  the  keyhole 
to  lay  hold  of  the  bowl  of  the  key.  When 
the  hook  is  fastened  in  it,  they  can  as  easily 
undo  the  lock  as  if  they  turned  the  key 
from  the  inside.  Some  burglars  prefer  the 
wire,  others  use  the  plyers.  They  gene- 
rally prefer  the  cutter  to  the  centre-bit  in 
removing  any  woodwork.  It  resembles  the 
centre-bit,  but  takes  a  much  larger  piece 
out,  and  does  so  more  speedily.  The  cutter 
costs  from  lo.s.  to  1/.  In  the  absence 
of  a  cutter,  they  sometimes  work  with  a 
couple  of  gimlets  and  a  knife,  but  this  re- 
quires more  time  and  makes  more  noise, 


though  not   sufficient  to  disturb   the   in- 
mates of  the  house,  if  used  expertly. 

At  the  back  of  the  house  they  enter 
through  the  kitchen  window  on  the  base- 
ment, or  by  the  parlour  window  above  it 
on  the  first  floor,  or  by  the  window  of  the 
staircase  alongside  of  the  latter. 

If  experienced  burglars,  they  listen  at 
the  doors  of  the  apartments,  and  know  by 
the  breathing  in  general  if  the  inmates  are 
sound  asleep.  They  sometimes  begin  tlieir 
operations  by  going  up  to  the  highest  floor, 
and  work  their  way  down,  carrying  ofi"  the 
plunder.  After  having  finished  what  they 
call  their  work,  they  await  the  signal  from 
the  "  watch "  set  outside.  These  signals 
are  sometimes  given  by  one  or  more  coughs ; 
some  give  a  whistle,  or  sing  a  certain  song, 
or  tap  on  the  door  or  shutter,  or  make  a 
particular  cry,  understood  between  the 
parties. 

Should  the  plunder  be  bulky,  they  will 
have  a  cart  or  a  cab,  or  a  costermonger's 
barrow,  ready  on  a  given  signal  to  carry  it 
away.  They  in  general  wait  for  the  time 
when  the  police  are  changed,  if  the  inmates 
are  not  getting  up,  sometimes  coming 
out  at  the  front  door,  but  oftener  at  the 
back. 

A  remarkable  case  of  burglary  was  com- 
mitted in  a  dwelling-house  in  a  fashionable 
square  in  the  West-end  about  twelve 
months  ago,  and  was  eftected  in  this  man- 
ner. One  day  a  well-dressed  young  man 
passed  by  an  area  and  took  special  notice 
of  the  cook,  who  happened  to  be  looking 
out  of  the  window.  Another  day  the  same 
young  man  in  passing  by  accosted  this  ser- 
vant, and  made  an  appointment  to  meet 
her  on  a  certain  occasion  to  go  out  to 
walk.  This  correspondence  lasted  for  a 
short  time,  when  the  young  man  was  in- 
vited to  tea  at  the  house,  to  spend  a  social 
evening.  He  was  accompanied  by  a  "pal" 
of  his,  a  young  Frenchman,  who  courted 
the  housemaid,  while  the  other  made  love 
to  the  cook.  During  their  visit  to  the 
house,  the  family  being  then  absent,  one 
of  the  young  men  pretended  to  be  very 
unwell,  and  thought  a  walk  in  the  garden 
at  the  back  of  the  house  would  be  beneficial 
to  him,  and  was  accompanied  there  by  one 
of  the  servant  girls. 

Meanwhile  the  housemaid  and  her  friend 
had  adjourned  to  one  of  the  upper  rooms. 
It  was  proposed  by  the  Frenchman  that  his 
lady-love  should  partake  of  some  gin  or 
brandy  as  refreshment,  to  which  she  con- 
sented. He  went  out  for  the  purpose  of 
purchasing  it,  while  she  went  down  stairs 
to  the  kitchen.  On  his  going  out  he  left 
the  front-door  open,  by  which  one  of  his 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


341 


confederates,  a  third  party,  entered  the 
house,  and  passed  upstairs,  broke  open 
several  lockfasts,  and  stole  the  whole  of  the 
plate. 

The  Frenchman,  meanwhile,  returned 
with  the  liquor,  and  went  downstairs  to 
the  kitchen,  where  he  made  merry  with 
his  fair  lady  and  her  companions.  When 
they  were  seated  regaling  themselves  over 
this  liquor  the  door-bell  rang.  One  of  the 
girls  went  to  the  door  and  found  no  person 
there.  This  was  a  signal  agreed  on  between 
the  thieves.  One  of  the  young  men  still 
pretending  to  feel  unwell  proposed  to  go 
home  with  his  companion,  promising  to  call 
on  a  future  occasion,  when  they  would  be 
able  to  spend  a  more  comfortable  evening 
than  they  had  done  on  account  of  his  ill- 
ness. 

One  of  the  servants,  on  going  upstairs 
after  their  departure,  found  the  plate  stolen. 
Information  was  given  to  the  police,  when 
these  agreeable  young  men  and  their  un- 
known friend  were  found  to  belong  to  a 
gang  of  most  expert  thieves.  They  were 
tried  at  "Westminster  Sessions  for  this  of- 
fence, and  sentenced  to  three  years'  penal 
servitude. 

About  eighteen  months  ago,  two  despe- 
rate burglars  attempted  to  enter  a  fashion- 
able dwelling-house  at  Westbourne  Park, 
Paddington,  belonging  to  a  merchant  in  the 
City.  One  of  them  was  a  tall,  raw-boned, 
muscular  man,  of  about  twenty-five  years 
of  age,  dressed  in  a  blue  frock  coat,  dark 
cord  trousers,  black  vest  and  beaver  hat. 
The  other  was  a  man  of  thirty  years  of  age, 
short  and  stout,  nearl}"  similarly  attired. 
The  first  had  the  appearance  of  a  black- 
smith, with  a  determined  countenance  ; 
the  other  had  a  more  pleasing  aspect,  yet 
resolute.  They  were  armed  with  a  long 
chisel  and  heavy  crowbar. 

They  got  over  several  walls,  and  came  up 
along  the  back  to  this  dwelling-house  in  the 
centre  of  these  villas,  situated  on  the  edge 
of  the  Great  Western  Pailway.  On  reach- 
ing the  garden  they  went  direct  to  the 
w^indow  of  the  dining-room  on  the  ground- 
floor. 

As  there  had  been  several  burglaries 
committed  in  the  neighbourhood  of  those 
villas  about  this  time,  an  experienced  and 
able  detective  officer  was  sent  out  to  watch. 

While  the  detective,  a  tall,  powerful,  re- 
solute man,  was  sitting  alone  in  the  dusk 
under  a  tree  in  an  adjoining  garden,  and 
another  criminal  officer  was  stationed  a 
short  distance  off,  at  about  two  o'clock  in 
the  morning  the  former  officer  heard  the 
shutters  crash  in  the  windows  of  an  adjoin- 
ing house  nearly  in  front  of  where  he  stood. 


The  burglars  had  approached  so  softly  he 
did  not  hear  their  footsteps,  and  was  not 
aware  of  their  presence  till  then.  On  hear- 
ing this  noise  he  drew  close  to  the  house, 
and  was  seen  by  one  of  the  thieves — the 
shortest  one  called  Jack.  The  detective 
officer  immediately  sprung  his  rattle,  rushed 
on  this  man  and  seized  him,  Ilis  companion 
on  this  ran  from  the  end  of  the  house  and 
struck  the  officer  across  the  back  with  a 
heavy  crowbar.  By  a  sudden  movement 
of  his  body  the  latter  partially  avoided  the 
force  of  the  blow.  Had  it  struck  him  on 
the  head  it  would  have  killed  him  on  the 
spot ;  and  being  a  strong  muscular  man  he 
knocked  the  shorter  man  down  with  a 
heavy  walking-stick  he  had  in  his  hand, 
and  at  the  same  time  rushed  on  his  taller 
companion,  seized  him  by  the  throat,  and 
endeavoured  to  wrench  the  iron  bar  from 
his  grasp. 

The  other  burglar  had  meantime  made 
his  escape  into  an  adjoining  garden,  and 
was  captured,  after  a  desperate  struggle, 
by  the  other  criminal  officer,  who  had  come 
up. 

During  the  scuffle  between  the  officers 
and  burglars  the  proprietor  of  the  house, 
in  a  i^anic,  threw  up  his  bedroom  window 
looking  into  the  garden  at  the  back  of 
the  house,  and,  without  giving  any  call, 
fired  oft'  a  pistol.  He  did  this  to  alarm  the 
neighbourhood,  not  being  aware  that  the 
officers  were  so  near  him,  and  supposing 
that  the  burglars  were  in  his  house. 

The  other  burglar  was  secured  after  a 
determined  struggle,  and  both  were  with 
difficulty  conveyed  to  the  ]\Iarylebone  po- 
lice station  b}'  five  strong  officers.  They 
were  next  day  taken  before  the  magistrates, 
and  charged  with  attempting  to  enter  this 
house,  and  with  assaulting  the  officers  in 
the  execution  of  their  duty.  They  were 
sentenced  to  three  months  each  in  Clerk- 
en  well  prison,  with  hard  labour  for  the  for- 
mer offence,  and  with  a  similar  punishment 
for  the  latter. 

About  two  years  ago  a  burglary  was  com- 
mitted in  Charles  Street,  Gloucester  Ter- 
race, Paddington,  02:)posite  the  Cleveland 
Arms,  by  two  men  and  a  woman.  One  of 
the  men  was  about  forty-six  years  of  age,  an 
old  desperate  burglar,  who  had  been  twice 
transported,  and  was  then  on  ticket-of-leave. 
Shortly  before,  he  had  been  apprehended  in 
St.  George's  burying-ground,  at  the  rear  of 
some  houses  in  the  Bayswater  road,  with 
a  screw-driver,  jemmy,  and  dark  lantern, 
when  he  was  sentenced  to  three  months' 
imprisonment  as  a  rogue  and  vagabond. 

He  was  a  stout  man,  with  very  bushy 
whiskers,    of    a    coarse   appearance.     The 


342 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


other  was  a  young  man  about  nineteen, 
dressed  as  a  mechanic,  of  a  cheerful  coun- 
tenance, with  brown  hair  and  moustache. 
The  woman  was  about  twenty-three  years 
of  age,  short  and  stout,  with  an  engaging 
appearance. 

During  the  night,  they  had  forced  open 
an  iron  grating  in  front  of  a  house  in 
Charles  Street,  Paddington,  and  had  let 
themselves  down  into  the  area.  They  bored 
three  holes  with  a  centre-bit  in  the  door 
of  the  house,  then  cut  the  panel,  and  put 
their  arm  through,  and  undoing  the  fasten- 
ing of  the  door,  got  into  the  kitchen.  From 
this  they  went  up  to  a  door  leading  to  the 
staircase,  which  was  locked.  Tliey  cut 
several  holes  with  the  centre-bit,  and  made 
an  opening  in  this  door  in  like  manner. 
They  then  went  upstairs  to  the  first-floor, 
and  stole  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel, 
and  some  jewellery,  such  as  rings,  studs, 
&c.,  and  also  a  watch. 

The  inmates  w^ere  sleeping  at  the  top 
of  the  house,  and  had  not  been  disturbed 
by  these  operations.  The  property  rifled 
amounted  to  about  15/. 

One  of  the  burglars  left  his  hat  behind 
him  and  a  pair  of  old  boots.  The  detective 
officer  sent  after  them  knew  the  hat  to  be- 
long to  this  old-returned  convict ;  went  to 
Lisson  Grove  and  arrested  both  the  men, 
who  happened  to  be  together,  and  found 
part  of  the  wearing  apparel  upon  them. 
The  remaining  part  of  the  property  was 
traced  as  having  been  pledged  by  the  wo- 
man, who  was  also  apprehended.  They 
were  committed  for  trial  for  the  burglary, 
and  tried  at  the  Old  Bailey.  The  old  man 
being  an  inveterate  offender  was  sentenced 
to  fifteen  years'  penal  servitude  ;  the  others, 
who  had  been  previously  convicted,  to  four 
years';  and  the  girl  to  twelve  mouths'  im- 
prisonment. 

In  the  month  of  October,  1850,  a  bur- 
glary was  committed  by  three  men  in  the 
Regent's  Park,  which  attracted  considerable 
attention.  One  of  them,  named  William 
Dyson,  called  the  Galloway  Doctor,  was  five 
feet  six  inches  high,  pockpitted,  with  pale 
face  and  red  whiskers,  and  about  thirty- 
two  years  of  age  ;  James  Mahon,  alias 
Helmsdale,  five  feet  ten  inches  high,  was 
robust  in  form,  and  aged  thirty-four  years  ; 
John  Mitchell  was  five  feet  six  inches  high, 
stout  made,  with  a  pu£^  nose,  and  aged  forty 
years.  They  entered  the  house  of  Mr. 
Alford,  an  American  merchant,  in  Regent's 
Park,  at  two  o'clock  in  the  morning.  They 
climbed  over  a  back  wall  into  the  garden, 
and  got  in  through  a  back  parlour  window 
by  pushing  back  the  catch  with  a  knife. 
They  then  forced  the  shutters  open  with  a 


jemmy,  got  into  the  back-parlour  where 
the  butler  was  lying  asleep,  and  unlocked 
the  door  to  go  through  the  house,  as  it  was 
known  that  Mr.  Alford  was  very  wealthy. 
When  they  got  on  the  staircase  one  of  their 
feet  shpped,  which  awoke  the  butler,  who 
jumped  up,  and  seized  Dyson  and  Mahon, 
and  wrestled  with  them,  at  the  same  time 
alarming  the  other  inmates  of  the  house. 
He  was  knocked  down  by  a  blow  from  a 
life-preserver,  on  which  the  burglars  made 
their  escape  by  jumping  out  of  the  back- 
parlour  window  again.  The  butler,  on  get- 
ting up,  seized  his  fowling-piece,  which  lay 
loaded  beside  him,  and  told  them  as  they 
were  running  away  to  stop,  or  he  would 
fire  upon  them.  He  fired,  and  shot  Mit- 
chell in  the  back  near  the  shoulder  with 
goose  shot,  as  he  was  getting  over  a  back 
wall  to  make  his  escape. 

The  police,  on  hearing  the  report  of  the 
gun,  came  up  and  secured  Helmsdale  and 
Dyson  in  the  garden,  when  they  were  taken 
to  Marylebone  police  office. 

Soon  after  an  anonymous  letter  was  sent 
to  the  police-station  of  the  M  division 
stating  there  was  a  man  in  Surrey  Street, 
Blackfriars  Road,  lying  in  bed  in  a  certain 
house,  who  had  been  shot  in  the  back  when 
attempting  a  burglary  in  Regent's  Park. 
He  had  on  a  w^oman's  niglitcap  and  night- 
gov/n,  so  that  if  any  one  went  into  the 
room  they  would  fancy  him  to  be  a  female. 
Inspector  Berry  of  the  M  division  went  to 
the  above  house,  and  found  Mitchell  in  bed 
in  female  disguise.  He  was  taken  into 
custody,  and  made  to  dress  in  his  own 
clothes.  On  examining  them  there  were 
holes  in  his  fustian  frock-coat  where  the 
shot  had  passed  through.  He  was  taken  to 
Marylebone  police  court  and  put  alongside 
the  other  two  prisoners,  and  identified  as 
having  been  seen  in  the  nei;j;hbourhood  of 
the  Regent's  Park  on  the  morning  before  the 
burglary  was  committed.  He  had  been 
seen  by  the  police  to  leave  a  notorious 
public-house  frequented  by  burglars,  at  the 
Old  Mint  in  the  Borough.  They  were 
committed  at  the  Central  Criminal  Court, 
tried  on  25th  November,  1850,  convicted, 
and  sentenced  to  be  transported  for  life. 
Helmsdale  having  been  previously  trans- 
ported for  ten  years,  and  Mitchell  and 
Dyson  also  having  been  formerly  convicted. 

We  took  the  particulars  of  the  following- 
burglary  from  the  lips  of  a  man  who  was 
a  few  years  ago  one  of  the  most  experienced 
and  expert  burglars  in  the  metropolis,  and 
give  it  as  an  instance  of  the  ingenuity  and 
daring  of  this  class  of  London  brigands  ;  — 

In  the  year  1850  a  bui-glary  was  at- 
tempted to  be  committed  at  a  furrier's  at 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


343 


the  corner  of 'Regent  Street  near  Oxford 
Street  by  three  cracksmen.  One  of  them, 
Henry  Edgar,  was  about  five  feet  seven 
inches  high,  of  fair  complexion,  with  large 
features,  brown  hair,  and  gentlemanly  ap- 
pearance, dressed  in  elegant  style,  with 
jewellery,  rings,  and  chain,  and  frilled  shirt. 
A  second  party,  Edward  Edgar  Blackwell, 
was  the  son  of  a  respectable  cutler  in  Soho, 
about  five  feet  two  inches  high,  of  fair 
complexion,  teeth  out  in  front,  with  sullen 
look,  also  fashionably  dressed,  though  in- 
ferior to  the  other.  The  third  person  was 
sUm  made,  about  five  feet  six  inches  high, 
dark  complexion,  with  dark  whiskers  and 
genteel  appearance,  a  gentle,  but  keen  dark 
eye,  and  elegantly  dressed. 

They  went  to  a  pubhc-house  between  ten 
and  eleven  o'clock,  when  the  two  former 
went  back  into  a  yard  with  the  pretence  of 
going  to  the  water-closet.  The  publican  did 
not  miss  them.  The  house  was  closed  at 
twelve  o'clock,  and  they  were  not  dis- 
covered. The  third  party  went  out  to  give 
them  their  signals  at  the  time  formerly 
arranged  between  them.  He  did  not  give 
them  any  signal,  but  they,  being  impatient 
£ind  accustomed  to  the  work,  thought  they 
would  try  it  themselves.  They  went  up  by  a 
fire-escape,  and  got  on  to  the  parapet  of  the 
furrier's  house,  at  the  corner  of  Iiegent 
Street.  Here  they  cut  two  panes  of  glass  in 
a  garret  v/indow,  with  a  knife,  at  the  same 
time  removing  the  division  between  them. 
The  servant  going  to  bed  in  the  dark,  dis- 
covered the  two  men.  Giving  no  alarm,  she 
went  down  stairs  to  her  master.  The 
master  came  up,  with  two  loaded  pistols 
in  his  hand,  presented  them  at  the  garret- 
window,  telling  them  if  they  attempted  to 
escape  he  would  shoot  them.  Edward 
Edgar  Blackwell  was  so  frightened  that  he 
lost  his  presence  of  mind,  and  fell  from  the 
parapet  into  the  yard,  a  height  of  three 
storeys,  and  was  killed  on  the  spot.  Henry 
Edgar,  being  more  courageous,  made  a 
desperate  leap  to  the  top  of  a  house  in 
Regent  Street,  and  got  through  a  trap- 
door, and  made  his  way  into  a  second  floor 
front  in  Argyle  Street,  where  people  were 
sleeping,  and  alarmed  them.  To  prevent 
their  taking  him,  he  leaped  from  a  second 
floor  window.  Some  people,  passing-by, 
saw  him  jump  from  the  window,  and  gave 
information  to  the  police.  He  was,  there- 
upon, arrested,  and  conveyed  in  a  cab,  with 
the  dead  body  of  his  "pal,"  to  Vine  Street 
police  station- 
It  was  afterwards  ascertained  that  his 
ankle  was  dislocated,  and  he  was  removed 
to  Middlesex  Hospital,  where  he  was 
watched  eight  hours  by  successive  police- 


men. His  friends  were  allowed  to  see  him, 
and  by  ingenious  means  one  of  them  con- 
trived to  effect  his  escape.  They  conveyed 
him  from  the  hospital  in  a  cab  to  Green 
Street,  Friars  Street,  Blackfriars  Road ; 
then  removed  him  in  a  cab  to  the  Com- 
mercial Road  near  Whitechapel.  Soon 
after,  his  companions  took  a  house  for  him 
in  Corbett's  Place,  Spitaltields,  when  he 
was  given  into  the  hands  of  the  i^olice  by  a 
brother  of  one  of  his  "pals,"  who  went  to 
Vine  Street  station,  and  lodged  informa- 
tion. He  was  arrested  before  he  could 
lay  his  hand  on  his  pistols,  committed  for 
trial,  and  sentenced  to  penal  servitude. 

We  give  the  following  as  an  illustration 
of  the  ingenuity  and  perseverance  of  the 
cracksmen  of  the  metropolis — 

A  burglary  was  committed  some  years 
since,  at  a  warehouse  in  the  City,  where  the 
premises  were  securely  fastened  in  front, 
and  the  servants  were  let  out  by  a  strong 
door  at  the  back,  secured  by  three  strong 
locks.  There  vras  no  one  sleeping  on  the 
premises.  The  burglars  had  fivst  to  make 
keys  to  get  through  the  outer  door  into  the 
premises,  and  had  then  to  get  a  key  to  a 
patent  lock  for  an  iron  door  into  a  private 
counting-house.  They  made  another  key 
for  a  very  strong  safe  which,  when  opened, 
had  a  recess  at  the  bottom  enclosed  with 
folding  doors  also  secured  by  a  patent  lock. 
Before  they  got  to  the  booty  they  had  to 
make  six  keys  of  patent  locks. 

Not  satisfied  with  this,  they  made  a  key 
for  the  patent  lock  of  another  iron  door, 
leading  to  another  portion  of  the  premises 
where  there  was  a  second  iron  safe. 

They  were  occupied  four  months  getting 
the  whole  of  these  keys  to  fit,  and  had  to 
watch  favourable  opportunities  when  the 
police  were  absent  from  that  portion  of 
their  beat. 

The  thieves,'during  the  night,  carried  ofi' 
two  iron  boxes  containing  raihvay-shares, 
bills,  and  similar  property  to  the  extent  of 
13,000?.,  besides  other  valuable  articles. 

Through  the  ingenuity  of  certain  police- 
officers  eniplo3^ed  to  trace  the  robbery,  the 
whole  of  the  scrip  and  documents  were 
recovered  while  certain  unprincipled  Jews 
were  negotiating  to  purchase  them. 

Some  burglars,  after  they  have  secured 
valuable  booty,  do  not  attempt  another 
burglary  for  a  time.  Others  go  out  the 
very  next  night,  and  commit  other  depre- 
dations, as  they  are  avaricious  for  money. 
Some  of  them  lose  it  by  keeping  it  loosely 
in  the  house,  or  placing  it  in  the  bank,  when 
the  women  they  cohabit  with  reap  the 
benefit.  These  females  often  try  to  induce 
them  to  save  money  and  place  it  in  their 


3i4 


LONDON  LABOUR    AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


name  in  the  bank,  so  that  if  their  paramour 
gets  apprehended,  they  have  the  pleasure  of 
spending  his  ill-gotten  wealth. 

Some  cracksmen  succeed  occasionally  in 
rifling  large  quantities  of  valuable  property 
or  money.  In  such  instances  they  live 
luxuriously,  and  spend  large  sums  on  plea- 
sure, women,  wine,  and  gambling.  Some 
of  them  keep  their  females  in  splendid 
style,  and  live  in  furnished  apartments  in 
quiet  respectable  streets.  Others  are  afraid 
to  keep  women,  as  the  latter  are  frequently 
the  cause  of  their  being  brought  to  justice. 

There  are  some  old  burglars  at  present, 
keeping  cabs,  omnibuses,  and  public 
houses,  whose  wealth  has  been  secured 
chiefly  from  plunder  they  have  rifled  from 
premises  with  their  own  hands,  or  received 
from  burglars  since  they  have  abandoned 
their  midnight  work.  They  had  the  self- 
command  to  abandon  their  criminal  courses 
after  a  time,  Avhile  the  most  of  the  others 
have  been  more  shortsighted.  Some  of 
these  persons,  though  abounding  in  wealth, 
receive  stolen  goods,  and  are  ready  to  open 
their  houses  at  any  hour  of  the  night. 

There  are  great  numbers  of  expert  cracks- 
men known  to  the  police  in  different  parts  of 
the  metropolis.  Many  of  these  reside  on 
the  Surrey  side,  about  Waterloo  Road  and 
Kent  Itoad,  in  the  Borough,  Hackney  and 
Kingsland  Roads,  and  other  localities. 
Some  of  them  have  a  fine  appearance,  and 
are  fashionably  dressed,  and  would  not  be 
knov/n,  except  by  persons  personally  ac- 
quainted with  them. 

A  number  of  most  expert  cracksmen  be- 
longing to  the  felon  class  of  Irish  cock- 
neys, have  learned  no  trade,  and  have 
no  fixed  occupation.  Others  come  to  their 
ranks  who  have  been  carpenters  and 
smiths,  brass-finishers,  shoemakers,  me- 
chanics, and  even  tailors.  Sometimes  fast 
young  men  have  taken  to  this  desperate 
mode  of  life.  Some  pickpockets,  daruig 
in  disposition,  or  driven  to  extremity  have 
become  burglars.  In  a  short  time  they  learn 
to  use  their  tools  with  great  expertness  ; 
great  numbers  have  been  trained  by  a  few 
leading  burglars  ;  some  are  as  young  as  six- 
teen or  seventeen  years  ;  others  as  old  as 
forty  or  forty-five — incorrigible  old  convicts. 

Tools  are  secretly  made  for  them  in  Lon- 
don, Sheffield,  Manchester,  Birmingham, 
and  other  places.  Some  burglars  keep  a 
set  of  fine  tools  of  considerable  value. 
Others  have  indifferent  instruments,  and 
are  not  so  expert. 

They  find  very  convenient  agents  in  some 
of  the  cab-drivers  of  the  metropolis,  who 
for  a  piece  of  money  are  very  ready  to  assist 
in  conveying  them  at  night  to  the  neigh- 


bourhood of  the  houses  where  tney  per- 
petrate their  burglaries,  and  in  carrying  off 
the  stolen  property,  and  some  of  the  em- 
ployers of  these  cab-drivers  are  as  willing 
to  I'eceive  it  at  an  underprice. 

They  have  no  difficulty  in  finding  un- 
principled people  to  open  their  houses  to 
receive  the  stolen  property  temporarily  or 
otherwise.  There  are  many  houses  of  well- 
known  receivers  ;  then  there  are  hundreds- 
of  low  public-houses,  beer-shops,  coffee- 
shops,  brothels,  and  other  places  of  bad 
character,  where  they  can  leave  it  for  a 
few  hours,  or  for  days,  placing  one  of  their 
gang  in  the  house  for  a  time,  until  they 
have  an-auged  with  the  receivers  to  pur- 
chase it.  There  are  certain  well-known 
beer-shops  and  public-houses  where  the 
burglars  meet  with  the  receivers.  They 
meet  them  in  beer-shops  in  the  purlieus  of 
Whitechapel,  and  in  the  quieter  public- 
houses  aud  splendid  gin-palaces  of  the 
West-end. 

There  are  a  number  of  French  burglars 
in  London,  who  are  as  ingenious,  daring, 
and  expert  as  the  English.  There  are  also 
some  Germans  and  a  few  Italians,  but  who 
are  not  considered  so  clever. 

Few  of  the  cracksmen  in  the  metropolis, 
are  married — though  some  are.  They  often 
live  with  prostitutes,  or  with  servants,  and 
other  females  they  have  seduced.  Some 
have  children  whom  they  send  to  school^ 
but  many  of  them  have  none.  They  fre- 
quently train  up  some  of  their  boys  to  en- 
ter the  fanlights  or  windows,  and  to  assist 
them  in  their  midnight  villanies. 

While  most  of  the  burglars  are  city- 
trained,  a  number  come  from  Liverpool, 
Manchester,  Birmingham,  Sheffield,  and 
Bristol.  These  occasionally  work  with  the 
London  thieves,  and  the  London  thieves  ga 
occasionally  to  the  provinces  to  work  with 
them.  This  is  done  in  the  event  of  their 
being  well  known  to  the  police. 

For  example,  a  gang  of  Liverpool  thieves 
might  know  a  house  there  where  valuable 
property  could  be  conveniently  reached. 
Their  being  in  the  neighbourhood  might  ex- 
cite suspicion.  Under  these  circumstances 
they  sometimes  send  to  thieves  they  are 
acquainted  with  in  London,  who  proceed 
thither  and  plunder  the  house.  Some- 
times, in  similar  circumstances,  the  London 
burglars  get  persons  from  the  provinces  to 
commit  robberies  in  the  metropolis — both 
parties  sharing  in  the  booty.  In  a  place 
where  they  are  not  known,  they  do  it 
themselves. 

The  burglars  in  our  day  are  not  in  gene- 
ral such  desperate  men  as  those  in  former 
times.     They    are    better    known    to  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


345 


police  than  formerly,  and  are  kept  under 
more  strict  surveillance.  Many  of  the 
cracksmen  have  been  repeatedly  subjected 
to  prison  discipline,  and  have  their  spirits 
in  a  great  measure  subdued.  The  crime  of 
our  country  is  not  so  bold  and  open  as  in 
the  days  of  the  redoubtable  men  whose  dark 
deeds  are  recorded  in  the  Newgate  Ca- 
lendar. It  has  assumed  more  subtle  forms, 
instead  of  bold  swagger  and  defiance — and 
has  more  of  the  secret,  restless,  and  deceit- 
ful character  of  our  great  arch-enemy. 

Number  of  burglaries  in  the  Metropolitan 

districts  for  1860  192 

Ditto  ditto  in  the  City       ..      ..        12 


204 


Value  of  property  abstracted  in  the  Me- 
tropolitan districts £2,852 

Ditto  ditto  in  the  City . .      . .  332 

£3,184 


Narrative  of  a  Burglar. 

The  following  narrative  was  given  us  by 
an  expert  burglar  and  returned  convict  we 
met  one  evening  in  the  West-end  of  the 
metropolis.  For  a  considerable  number  of 
years  he  had  been  engaged  in  a  long  series 
of  burglareis  connected  with  several  gangs 
of  thieves,  and  had  been  so  singularly  cun- 
ning and  adroit  in  his  movements  he  had 
never  been  caught  in  the  act  of  plunder ; 
but  was  at  last  betrayed  into  the  hands  of 
the  police  by  one  of  his  confederates,  who 
had  quarrelled  with  him  while  indulging 
rather  freely  in  liquor.  He  was  often  em- 
ployed as  a  putter  up  of  burglaries  in 
various  parts  of  the  metropolis,  and  was 
generally  an  outsider  on  the  watch  while 
some  of  his  pals  were  rifling  the  house. 
We  visited  him  at  his  house  in  one  of  the 
gloomiest  lanes  in  a  very  low  neighbour- 
hood, inhabited  chiefly  by  thieves  and  pros- 
titutes, and  took  down  from  his  lips  the 
following  recital.  In  the  first  part  of  his 
autobiography  he  was  very  frank  and  can- 
did, but  as  he  proceeded  became  more  slow 
and  calculating  in  his  disclosures.  We 
hinted  to  him  he  was  "  timid."  "  No,"  he 
replied,  "  I  am  not  timid,  but  I  am  cautious, 
which  you  need  not  be  surprised  at."  He 
was  then  seated  by  the  fire  beside  his 
paramour,  a  very  clever  woman,  whose 
history  is  perhaps  as  wild  and  romantic  as 
his  own.  He  is  a  slim-made  man,  beneath 
the  middle  size,  with  a  keen  dark  intelligent 
eye,  and  about  thirty-six  years  of  age.     He 


is  good-looking,  and  very  smart  in  his  move- 
ments, and  was  in  the  attire  of  a  well- 
dressed  mechanic. 

"  I  was  born  in  the  city  of  London  in  the 
year  1825.  My  father  was  foreman  to  a 
coach  and  harness-maker  in  Oxford  Street. 
My  mother,  before  her  marriage,  was  a 
milliner.  They  had  eleven  children,  and  I 
was  the  youngest  but  two.  I  had  six 
brothers  and  four  sisters.  My  father  had 
a  good  salary  coming  in  to  support  his 
family,  and  we  lived  in  comfort  and  respect- 
ability up  to  his  death.  He  died  when  I 
was  only  about  eight  years  old.  My  mother 
was  left  with  eleven  children,  with  very 
scanty  means.  Having  to  support  so  large 
a  family  she  soon  after  became  reduced  in 
circumstances.  My  eldest  brother  was 
subject  to  fits,  and  died  at  the  age  of 
twenty-four  years.  He  occupied  my  father's, 
place  while  he  lived.  My  second  brother 
went  to  work  at  the  same  shop,  but  got 
into  idle  and  dissipated  habits,  and  w^as 
thrown  out  of  employment.  He  afterwards, 
got  a  situation  in  a  lacemakers  shop,  and 
had  to  leave  for  misconduct.  He  then 
went  to  a  druggist's,  and  had  to  leave  fo. 
the  same  cause.  After  this  he  got  a  situa- 
tion as  potman  to  a  public-house,  which 
completed  his  ruin.  He  took  every  oppor- 
tunity to  lead  his  younger  brothers  astray 
instead  of  setting  us  a  good  examjDle. 

"My  brother  next  to  him  in  age  did  not 
follow  his  bad  courses,  but  I  was  not  so 
fortunate.  I  went  to  school  at  Mr.  Low's,. 
Harp  Alley,  Farringdon  Street,  but  I  did 
not  stay  there  long.  At  nine  years  of  age 
I  was  sent  out  to  work,  to  help  to  support 
myself.  I  went  to  work  at  cotton- windings 
and  only  got  3s.  a  week.  I  sometimes 
worked  all  night,  and  had  M.  for  it,  in 
addition  to  my  3s.,  and  often  gained  3s.  a 
week  besides  the  six  days'  wages.  I  was 
very  happy  then  to  think  I  could  earn  so 
much  money,  being  so  young.  At  this 
time  I  was  only  nine  years  of  age.  My 
brother  tried  to  tempt  me  to  pilfer  from 
my  master,  but  he  failed  then .  I  afterwards 
got  a  better  situation  at  a  trunkmaker's  in 
the  City.  There  my  mistress  and  young, 
master  took  a  liking  to  me.  I  was  earning 
7s.  a  week,  and  v;as  only  ten  years  of  age.. 
At  this  time  my  brother  succeeded  in. 
tempting  me  to  rob  my  employers  after  I 
had  been  two  months  in  their  service.  I 
carried  off"  wearing  apparel  and  silver  plate 
to  the  value  of  several  pounds,  which  m}'- 
brother  disposed  of,  while  he  only  gave  me- 
a  few  halfpence.  I  was  suspected  to  be  the 
thief,  and  was  discharged  in  consequence. 
I  got  another  situation  in  a  bookbinder's- 
shop,  and  was  not  eleven  years  old  then.. 


346 


LONDON  LABOUE  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


My  brother  did  not  succeed  for  two  or 
three  months  to  p;et  me  to  plunder  my 
master,  although  he  often  tried  to  prevail 
on  me  to  do  so.  My  master  had  no  plate 
to  lose. 

"  I  used  to  talce  out  boards  of  books  ; 
one  night  my  brother  met  me  coming 
from  the  binder's  with  a  truck  loaded  vnih 
books,  stopt  me,  and  pretended  to  be  very 
kind  by  giving  me  money  to  go  and  buy  a 
pie  at  a  pie-shop.  When  I  came  out  I 
found  the  books  were  gone  and  the  truck 
empty.  My  brother  was  standing  at  the 
door  waiting  me,  but  he  had  companions 
who  meantime  emptied  the  truck  of  the 
whole  of  the  contents,  I  told  him  he  must 
know  who  had  taken  them,  but  he  told  me 
he  did  not.  He  desired  me  to  say  to  my 
master  that  a  strange  man  had  sent  me  to 
get  a  pie  for  him  and  one  for  myself, 
and  when  I  came  back  the  books  and  the 
man  had  both  disappeared.  He  told  me  if 
I  did  not  say  this  1  would  get  myself  into 
trouble  and  him  too.  I  went  and  told  my 
master  the  tale  my  brother  had  told  me. 
He  sent  for  a  policeman,  and  tried  to 
frighten  me  to  tell  the  truth.  I  would  not 
alter  from  what  I  had  told  him,  though  he 
tried  very  hard  to  get  me  to  do  so.  He 
kept  me  till  Saturday  night  and  discharged 
me,  but  endeavoured  in  the  meanwhile  to 
get  me  to  unfold  the  truth,  so  I  was  thrown 
out  of  employment  again. 

"  I  then  went  to  work  at  the  blacking 
trade,  and  had  a  kinder  master  than  ever. 
My  wages  were  7s.  a  week.  I  then  made 
up  my  mind  that  my  brother  should  not 
tempt  me  to  steal  another  time.  I  w^as  in 
this  situation  a  year  and  nine  months  be- 
fore my  brother  succeeded  in  inducing  me 
to  commit  another  robbery.  My  master 
w^as  very  kind  and  generous  to  me,  increased 
my  wages  from  7s.  to  l(3s.  a  week  as  I  was 
becoming  of  more  service  to  him. 

'•  We  made  the  blacking  with  sugar- 
candy  and  other  ingredients.  I  was  the 
only  lad  introduced  into  the  apartment 
where  the  blacking  was  made  and  the  sugar- 
candy  was  kept.  My  brother  tempted  me 
to  bring  him  a  small  quantity  of  sugar- 
candy  at  first.  I  did  so,  and  he  threatened 
to  let  my  mother  know  if  I  did  not  fetch 
more.  At  first  I  took  home  71bs,  of  candy, 
and  at  last  would  carry  off  a  larger  quantity. 
1  used  to  get  a  trifle  of  money  from  my 
brother  for  this.  Being  strongly  attached 
to  him,  up  to  this  time  he  had  great  in- 
fluence over  me. 

"  One  day,  after  bi-inging  him  a  quantity 
of  sugar-candy,  I  watched  him  to  see  where 
he  sold  it.  Ho  went  into  a  shop  in  the 
City   where  the    person    retailed    sweets. 


After  he  came  out  of  the  shop  I  went  in 
and  asked  the  man  in  the  shop  if  he  would 
buy  some  from  me,  as  I  was  the  brother  of 
the  young  man  who  had  just  called  in, 
and  had  got  him  the  sugar-candy.  He 
told  me  he  would  buy  as  much  as  I  liked  to 
bring. 

"  I  used  to  bring  large  quantities  to  him, 
generally  in  the  evening,  and  carried  it  in 
a  bag.  The  sugar-candy  I  should  have 
mixed  in  the  blacking  I  laid  aside  till  I  had 
an  opportunity  of  carrying  it  to  the  re- 
ceiver. M}'  master  continued  to  be  very 
fond  of  me,  and  had  strong  confidence  in 
me  until  I  got  a  young  lad  into  the  shop 
beside  me,  who  knew  what  I  had  been 
doing,  and  informed  him  of  my  conduct. 
He  wanted  to  get  me  discharged,  as  he 
thought  he  would  get  my  situation,  which 
he  did.  He  told  my  master  I  was  plunder- 
ing him  ;  but  my  master  would  not  believe 
him  until  he  pointed  out  a  low  coffee-house 
where  I  used  to  go,  which  was  frequented 
by  bad  characters.  My  master  came  into 
this  den  of  infamy  one  evening  when  I  was 
there,  and  persuaded  me  to  come  away  with 
him,  which  I  did.  He  told  me  he  would  for- 
get all  1  was  guilty  of,  if  I  would  keep  better 
company  and  behave  myself  properly  in 
future.  I  conducted  myself  better  for  about 
a  week,  but  I  had  got  inveigled  into  bad 
company  through  my  brother.  These  lads 
waited  about  my  employer's  premises  for 
me  at  meal-times  and  at  night.  At  last 
they  prevailed  on  me  again  to  go  to  the 
same  coffee-house.  The  young  lad  I  had 
got  into  the  shop  beside  me  soon  found 
means  to  acquaint  my  master.  He  came 
to  see  me  in  the  coffee-house  again  ;  but  I 
had  been  prevailed  on  to  drink  that  even- 
ing, and  was  the  worse  of  intoxicating 
liquor,  although  I  was  not  fourteen  years 
of  age.  My  master  tried  all  manner  of  kind 
means  to  persuade  me  to  leave  that  house, 
but  I  would  not  do  so,  and  insulted  him 
for  his  kindness. 

"  On  the  follow^ing  morning  he  paid  a 
visit  to  my  mother's  house  while  I  was  at 
breakfast.  My  mother  and  he  tried  to  per- 
suade me  to  go  back  and  finish  my  week's 
work,  but  I  was  too  proud,  and  would  not 
go  back.  He  then  i)aid  my  mother  my 
fortnight's  wages,  and  said  if  I  would  at- 
tend church  twice  each  week  he  would  again 
take  me  back  into  his  service.  I  never  at- 
tended any  church  at  all,  for  1  had  then  got 
into  bad  habits,  and  cared  no  more  about 
w^ork. 

"  1  lived  at  home  with  my  mother  for  a 
short  time,  and  she  was  very  kind  to  me, 
and  gave  me  great  indulgence.  She  wished 
me  to  remain  at  home  with  her  to  assist  ia 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOIL 


347 


her  business  as  a  greengrocer,  and  used  to 
allow  me  from  l.s.  to  Is.  ?jd.  of  pocket- 
money  a  day.  My  old  companions  still 
followed  me  about,  and  prevailed  on  me  to 
go  to  the  Victoria  Theatre.  On  one  of  these 
occasions  I  was  much  struck  with  the  play 
of  Oliver  Twist.  I  also  saw  Jack  Sheppard 
performed  there,  and  was  much  impressed 
with  it. 

"  Soon  after  this  I  left  my  mother  s 
house,  and  took  lodgings  at  the  coffee- 
house, where  my  master  found  me,  and 
engaged  in  an  open  criminal  career.  About 
this  time  ladies  generally  carried  reticules 
on  their  arm.  My  companions  were  in  the 
habit  of  following  them  and  cutting  the 
strings,  and  carrying  them  off.  They  some- 
times contained  a  purse  with  money  and 
other  property.  I  occasionally  engaged  in 
these  robberies  for  about  three  months. 
Sometimes  I  succeeded  in  getting  a  consi- 
derable sum  of  money  ;  at  other  times  only 
a  few  shillings. 

"  I  was  afterwards  prevailed  on  to  join 
another  gang  of  thieves,  expert  shoplifters. 
They  generally  confined  themselves  to  the 
stationers'  shops,  and  carried  off  silver 
pencil-cases,  silver  and  gold  mounted 
scent-bottles,  and  other  articles,  and  I  was 
engaged  for  a  month  at  this. 

"  Being  well-dressed,  I  would  go  into  a 
shop  and  price  an  article  of  jewellery,  or 
such  like  valuable,  and  after  getting  it  in 
my  hand  would  dart  out  of  the  shop  with 
it.  I  carried  on  this  system  occasionally, 
and  was  never  apprehended,  and  became 
very  venturesome  in  robbery. 

"  I  was  then  about  sixteen  years  of  age. 
A  young  man  came  from  sea  of  the  name 
of  Philip  Scott,  who  had  in  former  years 
been  a  playmate  of  mine.  He  requested 
me  to  go  to  one  of  the  theatres  with  him, 
when  Jack  Sheppard  was  again  performed. 
We  were  both  remarkably  pleased  with  the 
play,  and  soon  after  determined  to  try  our 
hand  at  housebreaking. 

"  He  knew  of  a  place  in  the  City  where 
some  plate  could  be  got  at.  We  went  out 
one  night  with  a  screw-driver  and  a  knife 
to  plunder  it.  T  assisted  him  in  getting 
over  a  wall  at  the  back  of  the  house.  He 
entered  from  a  back- window  by  pushing  the 
catch  back  with  a  knife.  He  had  not  been 
in  above  three  quarters  of  an  hour  when 
he  handed  me  a  silver  pot  and  cream-jug 
from  the  wall.  I  conveyed  these  to  the 
coffee-shop  in  which  we  lodged,  when  we 
afterwards  disposed  of  them.  The  young 
man  was  well  acquainted  with  this  house, 
as  his  father  was  often  employed'  jobbing 
about  it. 

"  After  this  I  cohabited  with  a  female. 


but  my  '  pal '  did  not,  although  we  lived  in 
the  same  house. 

"Soon  after  we  committed  another  bur- 
glary in  the  south-side  of  the  metropolis,  by 
entering  the  kitchen  window  of  a  private 
house  at  the  back.  I  watched  while  my 
comrade  entered  the  house.  He  cut  a 
pane  of  glass  out,  and  drew  the  catch  back. 
After  gathering  what  plate  he  could  find 
lying  about,  he  went  up-stairs  and  got 
some  more  plate.  We  sold  this  to  a  re- 
ceiver in  Clerkenwell  for  about  91.  18s. 
From  this  house  we  also  carried  off  some 
wearing  apparel.  Each  of  us  took  three 
shirts,  two  coats  and  an  umbrella. 

*'  Some  time  after  this  we  made  up  our 
minds  to  try  another  burglary  in  the  city. 
We  secreted  ourselves  in  a  brewer's  yard 
beside  the  house  we  intended  to  plunder, 
about  eight  o'clock  in  the  evening,  before 
it  was  shut  up.  We  cut  a  panel  out  of  a 
shutter  in  the  dining-room  window  on  the 
first  floor,  but  were  disturbed  when  at- 
tempting this  robbery.  I  ran  off  and  got 
away.  My  companion  was  not  so  for- 
tunate ;  he  was  captured,  and  got  several 
months'  imprisonment. 

"A  week  after  I  joined  two  other  bur- 
glars. We  resolved  to  attempt  a  burglary 
in  a  certain  shop  in  the  East-end  of  the 
metropolis.  There  happened  to  be  a  dog 
in  the  shop.  As  usual  I  kept  watch  out- 
side, while  the  other  two  entered  from  the 
first-floor  window,  which  had  no  shutters. 
So  soon  as  they  got  in  the  dog  barked. 
They  cut  the  dog's  throat  with  a  knife,  and 
began  to  plunder  the  shop  of  pencil  cases, 
scent-bottles,  postage-stamps,  &c.,  and 
went  up-stairs,  and  carried  off  pieces  of 
plate.  The  inmates  of  the  house  slept  in 
the  upper  part  of  the  house.  The  property 
when  brought  to  the  receiver  sold  for 
about  427. 

"Another  burglary  was  committed  by 
us  at  a  haberdasher's  shop  in  the  West- 
end.  While  I  kept  watch,  the  other  two 
climbed  to  the  top  of  a  warehouse  at  the 
back  of  the  shop,  wrenched  open  the 
v.'indow  on  the  roof,  and  having  tied  a 
rope  to  an  iron  bar,  they  lowered  them- 
selves down,  broke  oj^en  the  desks  and 
till,  and  got  a  considerable  sum  of  money, 
nearly  all  in  silver.  They  then  went  to 
the  first-floor  drawing-room  windov/  over 
the  shop,  and  entered.  The  door  cf  this 
room  being  locked,  they  cut  out  a  panel, 
put  their  arm  through  and  forced  back  the 
lock.  They  found  only  a  small  quantity  of 
plate  along  with  a  handsome  gold  watch 
and  chain.  The  few  articles  of  plate  sold 
for  oScS.,  and  the  watch  and  chain  for 
77.  15s. 


348 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"The  thieves  entered  about  one  o'clock 
at  midnight,  and  went  out  about  a  quarter 
past  five  in  the  morning. 

"These  are  the  only  jobs  I  did  with  these 
two  men,  until  my  comrade  came  out  of 
prison,  when  we  commenced  again.  We 
committed  burglaries  in  different  parts  of 
London,  at  silk-mercers,  stationers'  shops, 
and  dwelling-houses — some  of  considerable 
value  ;  in  others  the  booty  was  small. 

"In  these  burglaries  numbers  of  other 
parties  were  engaged  with  us — some  of 
them  belonging  to  the  Borough,  others  to 
St.  Giles's,  Golden  Lane,  St.  Luke's,  and 
other  localities. 

"  In  J  850  I  took  a  part  in  a  burglary  in 
a  shop  in  the  south-side  of  the  metro- 
polis along  with  two  other  parties.  One 
went  inside,  and  the  others  were  on  the 
y/atch  without.  We  got  access  to  the  shop 
by  the  back-yard  of  a  neighbouring  public- 
house,  which  is  usually  effected  in  this 
way.  One  person  goes  to  the  bar,  and  gets 
into  conversation  with  the  barmaid,  while 
one  or  more  of  their  '  pals '  takes  a  favour- 
able opportunity  of  slipping  back  into  the 
yard  or  court  behind  the  house.  This  is 
often  done  about  a  quarter  of  an  hour,  or 
half  an  hour,  before  the  house  is  shut  up. 
The  party  who  kept  the  barmaid  in  con- 
versation, would  go  to  the  back  of  the 
house,  and  assist  the  other  burglar  who 
was  to  enter  the  house  in  getting  over  the 
wall.  So  soon  as  this  is  effected,  his  other 
'  pal '  comes  out  again.  If  the  wall  can  be 
easily  climbed,  the  party  who  enters  lurks 
concealed  in  the  water-closet,  or  some  of 
the  outhouses,  till  the  time  of  effecting  the 
burglary. 

"  The  house  intended  to  be  entered  is 
sometimes  five  or  six  houses  away  from 
this  public-house,  and  sometimes  the  next 
house  to  it. 

"  When  all  is  ready,  the  outside  man 
gives  the  signal.  The  signal  given  from 
the  front,  such  as  a  cough  or  otherwise, 
can  be  heard  by  his  confederate  behind  the 
house.  On  hearing  it  the  latter  begins  his 
work.  In  this  instance  the  burglar  en- 
tered the  premises  by  cuttinci;  open  the 
shutters  of  a  window  in  the  first  floor  to 
the  back.  He  then  cut  a  pane  of  glass, 
and  removed  the  catch,  and  went  down 
stairs  into  the  shop,  and  took  from  a  desk 
about  60/.  in  money,  with  several  valuable 
snufi-boxes  and  other  articles.  He  had  to 
wait  till  the  morning  before  he  could  get  out. 
The  police  seemed  to  have  a  suspicion 
that  all  was  not  right,  but  he  got  out  of  the 
shop  about  the  time  when  the  police  were 
changed. 

"1   was   connected  with    another   bur- 


glary, committed  in  the  same  year  in  the 
West-end  in  a  linendraper's  shop.  It  was 
entered  from  a  public-house  in  the  same 
manner  as  in  the  one  described.  The  same 
pei'son  was  engaged  inside,  while  the  others 
were  stationed  outside.  The  signal  to 
begin  work  was  given  about  one  o'clock. 
He  had  first  to  remove  an  iron  bar  at  the 
first  floor  landing  window  to  the  back, 
which  he  did  with  his  jack.  (The  bars 
had  been  seen  in  the  day-time,  and  we 
bought  this  instrument  to  remove  them.) 
He  removed  the  bar  in  ten  minutes,  cut  a 
pane  of  glass,  and  removed  the  two  catches. 
By  this  means  he  effected  an  entry  into 
the  house,  and  to  his  surprise  found  the 
drawing-room  was  left  unlocked.  He  pro- 
ceeded there,  and  got  nearly  a  whole  service 
of  plate.  After  he  had  gathered  the  plate 
up,  he  made  his  way  toward  the  shop, 
cutting  through  the  door  which  inter- 
cepted him.  He  went  to  the  desk  and 
found  72Z.  in  silver  money,  and  12?.  in 
gold.  He  also  packed  up  half  a  dozen  of 
new  shirts  and  half  a  dozen  of  silk  hand- 
kerchiefs. 

•'  He  was  ready  to  come  out  of  the  house, 
but  a  coffee-stall  being  opposite,  and  the 
policeman  taking  his  coffee  there,  the  out- 
side man  could  not  give  him  the  signal  for 
some  time.  To  the  great  surprise  of  the 
burglar  in  the  shop,  he  heard  the  servant 
coming  down  stairs,  when  he  opened  the 
door,  and  rushed  suddenly  out,  while  the 
policeman  was  on  the  kerb  near  by.  He 
bade  the  policeman  good  morning  as  he 
passed  along  with  two  large  bundles  in  his 
hands. 

"  He  had  not  gone  fifty  yards  round  the 
corner  of  the  street,  before  the  servant 
appeared  at  the  door  and  asked  the  police- 
man as  to  the  person  who  had  just  come  out. 
Along  with  other  two  constables  he  gave 
chase  to  the  burglar,  but,  being  an  active, 
athletic  man,  he  effected  his  escape. 

"  I  v/as  engaged  with  two  others  in  an- 
other burglary  in  the  West-end  soon  after- 
wards. Three  persons  were  engaged  in  it : 
one  to  enter,  and  other  two  '  pals '  to  keep 
watch.  We  got  access  to  the  house  by  a 
mews,  and  got  on  the  top  of  a  wall,  when 
I  gave  the  end  of  a  rope  to  my  companioa 
to  hold  by  while  he  slid  down  on  the  other 
side.  The  house  was  entered  at  the  kitchen, 
window  by  removing  two  narrow  bars  witli 
the  jack,  and  sliding  back  the  catch.  There 
was  no  booty  to  be  found  in  the  kitchen. 
On  going  up-stairs  our  'pal'  got  several 
pieces  of  plate,  and  other  articles.  On 
coming  down  into  the  shop,  he  got  a  quan- 
tity of  receipt-stamps  with  a  few  postage- 
stamps. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


349 


•'  The  putter  up  of  this  robbery  was  a 
connection  of  the  people  of  the  house. 

"  I  was  connected  with  another  burglary 
in  the  south-side  of  the  metropolis.  A 
man  who  frequented  a  pubhc-house  there 
put  up  a  burglary  in  a  stationer's  shop. 
Two  persons  were  engaged  in  it,  and  got 
access  to  the  premises  to  be  plundered 
from  the  public-house.  He  then  climbed 
several  waUs,  and  got  access  to  the  shop  by 
a  fanlight  from  behind.  Here  we  found  a 
large  sum  of  money  in  gold  and  silver, 
which  had  been  deposited  in  a  bureau, 
some  plate,  and  other  articles.  His  '  pal ' 
went  to  him  at  half  past  three,  and  gave 
him  the  signal.  He  came  out  soon  after, 
and  had  only  gone  a  short  distance  off 
when  he  heard  a  call  for  the  police,  and  the 
rattle  of  the  policeman  was  sprung. 

"After  a  desperate  struggle  with  two 
constables,  he  was  arrested  and  taken  to 
the  station,  with  the  stolen  property  in  his 
possession.  He  was  tried  and  found  guilty 
of  committing  the  burglary,  and  for  as- 
saulting the  constables  by  cutting  and 
wounding  them,  and  was  sentenced  to 
fourteen  years'  transportation,  having  been 
four  times  previously  convicted. 

"I  have  been  engaged  in  many  depreda- 
tions from  1840  to  1851,  many  of  which 
were  '  put  up '  by  myself. 

"  In  the  year  1851  I  was  transported 
several  years  for  burglary.  I  returned  home 
on  a  ticket  of  leave  in  1854,  and  was  sent 
back  in  the  following  year  for  harbouring 
a*n  escaped  convict.  1  returned  home  in 
1858,  at  the  expiry  of  my  sentence,  and 
since  that  time  have  abandoned  my  former 
criminal  life." 


Narrative  of  another  Burglar. 

One  evening  as  we  had  occasion  to  be  in  a 
narrow  dark  by-street  in  St.  Giles's,  we 
were  accosted  by  a  burglar — a  returned 
convict  whom  we  had  met  on  a  former 
occasion  in  the  course  of  our  rambles.  We 
had  repeatedly  heard  of  this  person  as  one 
of  the  most  daring  thieves  in  the  metro- 
polis, and  were  on  the  look-out  for  him  at 
the  very  time  when  he  fortunately  crossed 
our  path.  He  is  a  fair-complexioned  man, 
of  thirty-two  years  of  age,  about  5  feet 
2  inches  in  height,  slim  made,  with  a  keen 
grey  eye.  He  was  dressed  in  dark  trousers, 
brown  vest,  and  a  grey  frock  coat  buttoned 
up  to  the  chin,  and  a  cap  drawn  over  his 
eyes.  We  hesitated  at  first  as  to  whether 
this  little  man  was  capable  of  executing 
such  venturesome  feats ;  when  he  led  us 
along  the  dark  street  to  an  adjoining  back- 


court,  took  oflf  his  shoes  and  stockings,  and 
ran  up  a  waterspout  to  the  top  of  a  lofty 
house,  and  slid  down  again  with  surprising 
agility.  Before  we  parted  that  evening,  he 
was  recommended  to  us  by  another  burglar, 
a  returned  convict,  and  by  another  most 
intelligent  young  man,  whom  we  are  sorry 
to  say  has  been  a  convicted  criminal.  He 
afterwards  paid  us  a  visit,  when  we  were 
furnished  with  the  following  recital : — 

•'  I  was  born  in  the  parish  of  St.  Giles's 
in  the  Fields,  in  the  year  1828.  My  father 
was  a  soldier  in  the  British  service  ;  after 
his  discharge  he  lived  for  some  time  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  St.  Giles's.  He  v/as  an 
Irishman  from  the  county  of  Limerick. 
My  mother  belonged  to  Cork.  My  eldest 
sister  was  married  to  a  plasterer  in  London  ; 
my  second  sister  has  been  sentenced  to 
four  years,  and  another  sister  to  five  years' 
transportation,  both  for  stealing  watches 
on  difterent  occasions.  I  have  another 
sister,  who  lately  came  out  of  prison  after 
eighteen  months'  imprisonment,  and  is 
now  living  an  honest  life. 

"  I  was  never  sent  by  my  parents  to 
school,  but  have  learned  to  read  a  little  by 
my  own  exertions  ;  I  have  no  knowledge 
of  writing  and  arithmetic.  I  was  sent  out 
to  get  my  living  at  ten  years  of  age  by  sell- 
ing oranges  in  the  streets  in  a  basket,  and 
was  very  soon  led  into  bad  company.  I 
sometimes  played  at  pitch  and  toss,  which 
trained  me  to  gamble,  and  I  often  lost  my 
money  by  this  means. 

"  I  often  remained  out  all  night,  and  slept 
in  the  dark  arches  of  the  Adelphi  on  straw 
along  with  some  other  boys — one  of  them 
was  a  pickpocket  who  learned  me  to  steal. 
It  was  not  long  before  I  was  apprehended 
and  committed  at  the  Middlesex  Assizes, 
and  received  six  months'  imprisonment. 

"At  this  time  I  learned  to  swim,  and 
was  remarkably  expert  at  it :  when  the 
tide  was  out  I  often  used  to  swim  across 
the  Thames  for  sport.  T  continued  to  pick 
pockets  occasionally  for  two  years,  and  was 
at  one  time  remanded  for  a  week  on  a 
criminal  charge  and  afterwards  discharged. 
I  used  to  take  ladies'  purses  by  myself, 
and  stole  handkerchiefs,  snuff-boxes,  and 
pocketbooks  from  the  tails  of  gentlemen's 
coats. 

"I  left  my  home  on  the  expiry,  of  my  six 
months'  imprisonment  for  stealing  a  pocket- 
book.  My  parents  would  gladly  have  taken 
me  back,  but  I  would  not  go.  At  this  time 
I  associated  with  a  number  of  juvenile 
thieves.  I  had  a  good  suit  of  clothes, 
which  had  been  purchased  before  I  went  to 
prison,  and  having  a  respectable  Jippear- 
ance  I  took  to  shop-lifting.     I  worked  at 


350 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


this  about  seven  months,  when  I  was 
arrested  for  stealing  a  coat  at  a  shop  in  the 
Borough  lioad,  and  was  sentenced  to  three 
months  in  Brixton  Prison. 

"  When  I  got  out  of  prison  I  went  to  St. 
Giles's  and  cohabited  with  a  prostitute.  I 
was  then  about  seventeen  years  of  age.  She 
was  a  fair  girl,  about  five  feet  three  inches 
in  height,  inchned  to  be  stout, — a  very 
handsome  girl,  about  seventeen  years  of  age. 
Her  people  lived  in  Tottenham  Court  Road, 
and  were  very  respectable.  She  had  been 
led  astray  before  I  met  her,  through  the  bad 
influence  of  another  girl,  and  was  a  common 
prostitute.  She  was  very  kind-hearted. 
She  was  not  long  with  me  when  I  engaged 
with  other  two  persons  in  a  housebreaking 
in  the  West-end  of  the  metropolis.  On  the 
basement  of  the  house  we  intended  to 
plunder  was  a  counting-house,  while  the 
upper  floors  were  occupied  by  the  family 
as  a  dwelling-house.  Our  chief  object  was 
to  get  to  the  counting-house,  Avhicli  could 
be  entered  from  the  back.  Our  mode  of 
entering  was  this. — At  one  o'clock  in  the 
morning,  one  of  the  party  was  set  to  watch 
in  the  street,  to  give  us  the  signal  when 
no  one  was  near — a  young  man  was  on 
the  watch,  while  I  and  another  climbed 
up  by  a  waterspout  to  the  roof  of  the 
counting-house.  There  was  no  other  way 
of  getting  in  but  bj-  cutting  the  lead  off  the 
house  and  making  an  opening  sufficient  for 
us  to  pass  through. 

"  The  signal  was  given  to  enter  the  house, 
but  at  this  time  the  policeman  saw  our 
shadow  on  the  roof  and  sprung  his  rattle. 
The  party  who  was  keeping  watch  and  my 
'  pal '  on  the  roof  both  got  away,  but  I  hurt 
myself  in  getting  down  from  the  house-top 
to  the  street.  I  was  apprehended  and 
lodged  in  prison,  and  was  tried  at  Middle- 
sex Assizes  and  sentenced  to  nine  months' 
imprisonment. 

"  So  soon  as  the  time  was  expired,  I  met 
with  another  gang  of  burglars,  more  expert 
than  the  former.  At  this  time  I  lived  at 
Shoreditch,  in  the  East-end  of  the  metro- 
polis. Four  of  us  were  associated  together, 
averaging  from  twenty-two  to  twenty-three 
years  of  age.  We  engaged  in  a  burglary  in 
the  City.  It  was  hard  to  do.  I  was  one  of 
those  selected  to  enter  the  shop  ;  we  had  to 
climb  over  several  walls  before  Vv^e  reached 
the  premises  we  intended  to  plunder.  We 
cut  through  a  panel  of  the  back  door.  On 
finding  my  way  into  the  shop  I  opened  the 
door  to  my  companions.  We  packed  up 
some  silks  and  otiier  goods,  and  remained 
there  very  comfortable  till  the  change  of 
the  policeman  in  the  morning,  when  a  cart 
was  drawn  up  to  the  door,  and  the  outside 


man  gave  us  the  signal.  We  drew  the  bolts 
and  brought  out  the  bags  containing  the 
booty,  put  them  into  the  cart,  and  closed 
the  door  aftsr  us.  We  drove  off  to  our 
lodgings,  and  sent  for  a  person  to  purchase 
the  goods.  We  got  a  considerable  sum  by 
this  burglary,  which  was  divided  among 
us.  I  was  then  about  twenty-two  years  of 
age.  Our  money  was  soon  expended  in 
going  to  theatres  and  in  gambhng,  and  be- 
sides.we  lived  very  expensively  on  the  best 
viands,  with  wines  and  other  liquors. 

"  We  perpetrated  another  burglary  in  the 
West-end.  Three  of  us  were  engaged  in  it ; 
one  was  stationed  to  watch,  while  I  and 
another  pal  had  to  go  in.  We  entered  an 
empty  house  by  skeleton-keys,  and  got  into 
the  next  house  ;  we  lifted  the  trap  off  and 
got  under  the  roof,  and  found  an  under- 
trap  was  fastened  inside.  We  knew  Ave 
could  do  nothing  \vithout  the  assistance  of 
an  umbrella.  My  comrade  went  down  to 
our  pal  on  the  watch,  and  told  him  to  buy 
an  umbrella  from  some  passer-by,  the  night 
being  damp  and  rainy.  We  purchased  one 
from  a  man  in  the  vicinity  for  2.s.  ;  my 
comrade  brought  it  up  to  me  under  the  roof. 
Having  cut  away  several  lathes,  I  made 
an  opening  with  my  knife  in  the  plaster, 
and  inserted  the  closed  umbrella  through 
it,  and  opened  it  with  a  jerk,  to  contain  the 
fixlling  wood  and  plaster.  I  broke  some  of 
the  lathes  off,  and  tore  away  some  of  the 
mortar,  which  fell  in  the  umbrella.  We 
effected  an  entry  into  the  house  from  the 
roof.  On  going  over  the  apartments  we  did 
not  find  what  we  expected ;  after  all  our 
trouble  we  only  got  35/.,  some  trinkets, 
and  one  piece  of  plate. 

"  Burglars  become  more  expert  at  their 
work  by  experience.  Many  of  them  are 
connected  with  some  of  the  first  mechanics 
in  the  metropolis.  Wherever  a  patent  lock 
can  be  found  they  frequently  get  a  key  to 
fit  it.  In  this  way  even  Chubbs  and  Bramahs 
can  be  opened,  as  burglars  endeavour  to 
get  keys  of  this  description  of  locks.  They 
sometimes  give  5/.  for  the  impression  of 
a  single  key.  and  make  one  of  the  same 
description,  which  serves  for  the  same 
size  of  such  locks  on  other  occasions.  An 
experienced  burglar  thereby  has  more  faci- 
lities to  open  locks — even  those  which  are 
patented. 

'*  I  was  connected  with  two  pals  in  an- 
other burglary  in  a  dwelling-house  at  the 
West-end.  It  was  arranged  that  I  should 
enter  the  house,  I  was  lifted  to  the  top  of 
a  wall  about  sixteen  feet  high,  at  the  back 
of  the  premises,  and  had  to  come  down  by 
the  ivy  which  grew  on  the  garden  wall ;  I 
had  to  get  across  another  wall.     The  ivy 


LONDON  LABOUB  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


351 


was  very  thick,  so  that  I  had  to  cut  part  of 
it  away  to  allow  mo  to  get  over.  I  entered 
the  house  by  the  window  without  difficulty, 
having  removed  the  catch  in  the  middle 
with  my  knife.  On  a  dressing-table  in  one 
of  the  bedrooms  I  found  a  gold  watch,  ring 
and  ci^ain,  with  ol.  15s.  in  money,  and 
a  brace  of  double-barrelled  pistols,  which 
I  secured.  In  the  drawing-room  I  found 
some  desert-spoons,  a  punch-ladle,  and 
other  pieces  of  silver  plate — I  looked  to 
them  to  see  they  had  the  proper  mark 
of  silver  ;  I  found  them  to  be  silver,  and 
folded  them  up  carefully  and  put  them 
into  my  pocket.  On  looking  into  some 
concealed  drawers  in  a  cabinet  I  found  a 
will  and  other  papers,  which  I  knev/  were 
of  no  use  to  me  :  I  put  them  back  in  their 
place  and  did  not  destroy  any  of  them.  I 
also  found  several  articles  of  jewellery,  and 
a  few  Irish  one-pound  m>tes.  I  put  them 
all  carefully  in  my  pocket  and  came  to  the 
front-door.  The  signal  was  given  that  the 
cab  was  ready  ;  I  went  out,  drew  the  door 
close  after  me,  and  went  away  with  the 
booty. 

"  I  entered  about  half-past  eleven  o'clock 
at  night,  and  came  out  at  half-past  two 
o'clock.  I  saw  a  servant-girl  sleeping  in 
the  back-kitchen,  and  two  young  ladies 
in  a  back-parlour.  I  did  not  go  up  to  the 
top-floors,  but  heard  them  snoring.  They 
awoke  and  spoke  two  or  three  times,  w^hich 
made  me  be  carefid. 

"  I  went  along  the  passage  very  softl}',  in 
case  I  should  have  awakened  the  two  young 
ladies  in  the  back  parlour  as  v/ell  as  the 
servant  in  the  kitchen.  All  was  so  quiet 
that  the  least  souud  in  the  world  would 
have  disturbed  them. 

"  I  opened  the  door  gently,  and  came  out 
When  the  signal  was  given  by  my  comrades. 
It  was  a  cold,  wet  morning,  which  was 
favourable  to  us,  as  no  one  was  about  the 
street  to  see  us,  and  the  policeman  was 
possibly,  as  on  similar  occasions,  standing 
in  some  corner  smoking  his  pipe.  I  j  umped 
into  the  cab  along  with  my  two  pals,  and 
went  to  Westminster.  The  booty  amounted 
to  a  considerable  sum,  which  was  divided 
among  us.  We  spent  the  next  three  or 
four  weeks  very  merrily  along  with  our 
girls.  On  this  occasion  we  gave  the  cab- 
man two  sovereigns  for  his  trouble,  whether 
the  burglary  came  off  or  not,  and  plenty  of 
drink. 

"  A  short  time  after,  a  person  came  up  to 
me  with  whoni  I  had  associated,  and  played 
cards  over  some  liquor  in  the  West-end. 
He  was  a  young  man  out  of  employment. 
He  thus  accosted  me,  'Jim,  how  are  you 
getting  on  V  I  answered,  '  Pretty  well.'    He 


asked  me  if  I  had  any  job  on  hand.  I  said 
I  had  not.  I  inquired  if  he  had  anything 
for  me  to  do.  He  said  he  would  give  me 
a  turn  at  the  house  of  an  old  mistress 
of  his.  He  told  me  the  dressing-case  with 
jewels  lay  in  a  back  room  on  a  table,  but 
cautioned  me  to  be  very  careful  the  butler 
did  not  see  me,  as  he  was  often  going  up 
and  down  stairs.  Two  of  us  resolved  to 
plunder  the  house.  My  companion  was  on 
the  outside  to  watch,  while  I  had  to  enter 
the  house. 

"  I  got  in  with  a  skeleton  key  while  they 
were  at  supper,  and  got  up  the  stairs  with- 
out any  one  observing  me.  On  going  to 
the  back  room  I  was  disturbed  by  a  young 
lady  coming  up  stairs.  I  ran  up  to  the 
second  floor  above  to  hide  myself,  and 
found  a  bed  in  the  aj^artment.  I  concealed 
myself  underneath  the  bed,  when  the  lady 
and  her  servant  came  into  the  room  with  a 
light.  They  closed  the  door  and  pulled  the 
curtains  down,  when  the  lady  began  to 
undress  in  presence  of  the  servant.  The 
servant  began  to  wash  her  face  and  neck. 
The  lady  was  a  beautiful  young  creature. 
While  lying  under  the  bed  I  distinctly  saw 
the  maid  put  perfume  on  the  lady's  under 
linen.  She  then  began  to  dress  and  deco- 
rate herself,  and  told  the  servant  she  was 
going  out  to  her  supper.  She  said  she 
would  not  be  home  till  two  or  three  o'clock 
in  the  morning,  and  did  not  wish  the  ser- 
vant to  remain  up  for  her,  but  to  leave  the 
lamp  burning.  As  soon  as  she  and  the 
waiting-maid  had  left  the  room,  I  got  out 
of  my  hiding-place,  and  on  looking  around 
saw  but  a  small  booty,  consisting  of  a 
small  locket  and  gold  chain ;  a  gold  pencil- 
case,  and  silver  thimble.  As  I  was  return- 
ing dov/n  stairs  with  them  in  my  pocket  to 
get  to  the  first  floor  back,  I  got  possession 
of  a  case  of  jewels,  which  I  thought  of 
great  value.  I  returned  to  the  hall,  and 
came  out  about  twelve  o'clock  without  any 
signal  from  my  comrade. 

"  On  taking  the  jewels  to  a  person  who 
received  such  plunder,  he  told  us  they  were 
of  small  value,  and  were  not  brilliants  and 
emeralds  as  we  fancied.  They  were  set  in 
pure  gold  of  the  best  quality,  and  only 
brought  us  221. 

"  To  look  at  them  we  fancied  they  w^ould 
have  been  worth  a  much  higher  sum,  and 
were  sadly  disappointed. 

"  Soon  after  we  resolved  on  another 
burglary  in  the  West-end.  One  kept 
watch  without  while  two  of  us  entered  the 
house  by  a  grating  underneath  the  shop 
window,  and  descended  into  the  kitchen  by 
a  rope.  We  got  a  signal  to  work.  The 
first  thing  we  did  was  to  lift  up  the  kitchen 


352 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB, 


wimlow.  When  we  got  in  we  pulled  the 
kitchen  window  down,  drew  down  the 
blind,  and  lighted  our  taper.  Yie  looked 
round  and  saw  nothing  worth  removing. 
We  went  to  the  staircase  to  get  into  the 
shop.  As  we  were  wrenching  open  a  chest 
of  drawers,  a  big  cat  which  happened  to  be 
in  the  room  was  afraid  of  us.  We  got 
pieces  of  meat  out  of  the  safe  and  threw 
them  to  the  cat.  The  animal  was  so  ex- 
cited  that   it  jumped  up  on  the   mantel- 


piece, and  broke  a  number  of  ornaments, 
an   old   gentleman  in  the 


This-  disturbed 

first-floor  front.  He  called  out  to  his 
servant,  '  John,  there  is  somebody  in  the 
house.'  We  had  no  means  of  getting  the 
door  open,  and  had  to  go  out  by  the 
window.  The  old  gentleman  came  down 
stairs  in  his  nightgown  with  a  brace  of 
pistols,  just  as  we  were  going  out  of  the 
window.  He  fired,  but  missed  us.  I 
jumped  so  hastily  that  I  hurt  my  bowels, 
and  was  conveyed  by  my  companions  in  a 
cab  to  V7estminster,  and  lay  there  for  six 
weeks  in  an  enfeebled  condition.  My  money 
was  spent,  and  as  my  young  woman  could 
not  get  any,  my  companions  said  you  had 
better  have  a  meeting  of  our  "pals."  A 
friendly  meeting  was  held,  and  they  col- 
lected about  8^.  to  assist  me. 

"  When  [  recovered,  to  my  gi*eat  loss,  my 
companion  was  taken  on  account  of  a  job 
he  had  been  attempting  in  Regent's  Park. 
He  was  committed  to  the  Old  Bailey,  tried, 
and  transported  for  life.  He  was  a  good 
pal  of  mine,  and  for  a  time  I  supported  his 
wife  and  children.  On  another  occasion,  I 
and  another  comrade  met  a  potman  at  the 
West-end.  He  asked  us  for  something  to 
drink,  as  he  said  he  was  out  of  work.  We 
did  so,  and  also  gave  him  something  to  eat. 
We  entered  into  conversation  with  him. 
He  told  us  about  a  house  he  lately  served 
in,  and  said  there  could  be  a  couple  of 
hundreds  got  there  or  more  before  the 
brewer's  bill  was  paid.  We  found  out 
when  the  brewer's  bill  was  to  be  paid.  We 
asked  the  man  where  this  money  was  kept. 
He  told  us  that  we  would  find  it  in  the 
second-floor  back. 

"  We  made  arrangements  as  to  the  night 
when  we  would  go.  Three  of  us  went  out 
as  usual.  We  found  the  lady  of  the  house 
and  her  daughter  serving  at  the  bar.  We 
had  to  pass  the  bar  to  go  upstairs.  There 
was  a  row  got  up  in  the  tap-room  with  my 
companions.  While  the  landlady  ran  in  to 
see  what  was  the  matter,  and  the  daughter 
ran  out  for  the  policeman,  I  slipped  up- 
stairs, and  got  into  the  room.  The  police- 
man knew  one  of  my  companions  when  he 
came  in,  and  at  once  suspected  there  was 


some  design.  He  asked  if  there  liad  been 
any  more  besides  these  two.  The  landlady 
said  there  was  another.  I  was  coming 
down  stairs  with  the  cash-box  when  I  heard 
this  conversation.  The  constable  asked 
leave  to  search  the  house.  I  ran  with  the 
cash-box  up  the  staircase,  and  looked  in 
the  back  room  to  see  if  there  was  any  place 
to  get  away,  but  there  was  none.  I  took 
the  cash-box  up  to  the  front  garret,  and 
was  trying  to  break  it  open,  but  in  the  con- 
fusion I  could  not. 

"  I  fled  out  of  the  garret  window  and  got 
on  the  roof  to  hide  from  the  policeman. 
My  footsteps  were  observed  on  the  carpet 
and  on  the  gutters  as  I  went  out  and 
slipped  in  the  mud  on  the  roof.  I  intended 
to  throw  the  cash-box  to  my  companions, 
but  they  gave  me  the  signal  to  get  away.  I 
had  just  time  to  take  my  boots  off,  when 
another  constable  came  out  of  the  garret 
window  of  the  other  house,  I  had  no  other 
alternative  but  to  get  along  the  roof  where 
they  could  not  follow  me,  and  besides  1  was 
much  nimbler  than  they.  I  went  to  the 
end  of  the  row  of  houses,  and  did  not  go 
down  the  garret  window  near  me.  Seeing 
a  waterspout  leading  to  a  stable-yard,  I 
slipt  down  it,  and  climbed  up  another 
spout  to  the  roof  of  the  stable.  1  lay  there 
for  five  hours  till  the  police  clianged. 

"  I  managed  to  get  down  and  went  into 
the  stable-yard,  when  the  stable-man  cried 
out,  '  Hollo  !  here  he  is.'  I  saw  there  was 
no  alternative  but  to  fight  for  it.  I  had  a 
jemmy  in  my  pocket.  He  laid  hold  of  me, 
when  I  struck  him  on  the  face  with  it,  and 
he  fell  to  the  ground.  1  fled  to  the  door, 
and  came  out  into  the  main  street,  returned 
into  Piccadilly,  and  passed  through  the 
Park  gates.  On  coming  home  to  West- 
minster I  found  one  of  my  comrades  had 
not  come  home.  We  sent  to  the  police- 
station,  and  learned  he  was  tliere.  AVc 
sent  him  some  provisions,  and  he  gave  us 
notice  in  a  piece  of  paper  concealed  in  | 
some  bread  that  I  should  keep  out  of  the  i 
way  as  the  police  were  after  me,  which  | 
would  aggravate  his  case. 
i  "I  then  went  to  live  at  Whitechapol. 
Meantime  some  clever  detectives  were  on  i 
my  track,  from  information  they  received 
from  the  girls  we  used  to  cohabit  with. 
We  heard  of  this  from  a  quarter  some 
would  not  suspect.  He  told  us  to  keep  out 
of  the  way,  and  that  he  would  let  us  know 
should  he  get  any  further  information.  At 
last  my  companion  was  committed  for 
trial,  tried,  and  sentenced  to  seven  years' 
transportation.  I  did  not  join  in  any  other 
burglary  for  some  time  after  this,  as  the 
police  were  vigilantly  looking  for  me.     1 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  FOOli. 


353 


kept  myself  concealed  in  the  house   of  a 
cigar-maker  in  Whitechapel. 

"Another  pal  and  1  went  one  evening  to 
a  public-house  in  Whitechapel.  My  pal 
was  a  tali,  athletic  young  fellow,  of  about 
nineteen  years,  handsomely  dressed,  with 
gold  ring  and  pin,  intelligent  and  daring. 
We  had  gone  in  to  have  a  glass  of  lum-and- 
water,  when  we  saw  a  sergeant  belonging  to 
a  regiment  of  the  line  sitting  in  front  of 
the  bar.  He  asked  us  if  we  would  have 
anything  to  drink.  We  said  we  would. 
He  called  for  three  glasses  of  brandy-and- 
water,  and  asked  my  companion  if  he  would 
take  a  cigar.  He  did  so.  The  sergeant 
said  he  was  a  fine  young  man,  and  would 
make  an  excellent  soldier.  On  this  he 
pulled  out  a  j)urse  of  money  and  looked 
at  the  time  on  his  gold  watch.  My  com- 
rade looked  to  me  and  gave  me  a  signal, 
at  the  same  time  saying  to  the  soldier, 
'  Sergeant,  I'll  'list,'  He  took  the  shilling 
offered  him,  and  pretended  to  give  him 
his  name  and  address,  giving  a  false  alias, 
so  that  he  should  not  be  able  to  trace 
him. 

"  He  called  for  half  a  pint  of  rum  and 
water,  and  put  down  the  shilling  he  re- 
ceived, from  the  sergeant.  We  took  him 
into  the  bagatelle-room,  and  tried  to  get 
him  to  play  with  us,  as  we  had  a  num- 
ber of  counterfeit  sovereigns  and  forged 
cheques  about  us.  He  would  not  play  ex- 
cept for  a  pint  of  half-and-half.  On  this 
he  left  us,  and  went  in  the  direction  of  the 
barracks  in  Hyde  Park.  My  comrade  said 
to  me,  *  We  shall  not  leave  him  till  we 
have  plundered  him.'  1  was  then  the 
worse  for  liquor.  V/e  followed  him. 
When  he  reached  the  Park  gates  I  whis- 
pered to  my  companion  that  I  would  ga- 
rotte him  if  he  would  assist  me.  He 
said  he  would.  On  this  I  sprung  at  his 
neck.  Being  a  stronger  man  than  I,  he 
struggled  violently.  I  still  kept  hold  of 
him  until  he  became  senseless.  My  com- 
panion took  his  watch,  his  pocket-book, 
papers,  and  money,  consisting  of  some 
pieces  of  gold,  and  a  bl.  note.  We  sold 
the  gold  watch  and  chain  for  87. 

"  Along  with  my  pal,  I  went  into  a 
skittle-ground  in  the  City  to  have  a  game 
at  skittles  by  ourselves,  when  two  skittle- 
sharps  Vt'ho  knew  us  well  quarrelled  with  us 
about  the  game.  My  companion  and  I 
made  a  bet  with  them,  which  we  lost, 
chiefly  owing  to  my  fault,  which  irritated 
him.  He  said,  '  Never  mind ;  there  is 
more  money  in  the  world,  and  we  will  have 
it  ere  long,  or  they  shall  have  us.'  One  of 
the  skittle-sharps  said  to  us  insultingly, 
'  Go  and  thieve  for  more,  and  we  will  play 


you.'  On  this  we  got  angry  at  them.  My 
pal  took  up  his  life-preserver,  and  struck 
the  skittle-sharp  on  the  head. 

"  A  jioliceman  was  sent  for  to  apprehend 
him.  I  put  the  life-preserver  in  the  lire  as 
the  door  was  shut  on  us,  and  we  could  not 
get  away.  On  the  policeman  coming  in  my 
pal  was  to  be  given  in  charge  by  the  land- 
lord and  landlady  of  the  house.  The 
skittle-sharp  who  had  been  struck  rose  up 
bleeding,  and  said  to  the  landlord  and 
landlady,  '  What  do  you  know  of  the  affair  ?  . 
Let  us  settle  the  matter  between  ourselves.' 
The  policeman  declined  to  interfere.  We 
took  brandy- and- water  with  the  skittle - 
sharps,  and  parted  in  the  most  friendly 
terms, 

"  One  day  we  happened  to  see  a  gentleman 
draw  a  pocket-book  out  of  his  coat-pocket, 
and  relieve  a  poor  crossing-sweeper  with  a 
piece  of  silver.  He  returned  it  into  his 
pocket.  I  said  to  my  pal,  '  Here  is  a  piece 
of  money  for  us.'  I  followed  after  him  and 
came  up  to  him  about  Piegent's  Park,  put 
my  hand  into  his  coat-pocket,  seized  the 
pocket-book,  and  passed  it  to  my  comrade. 
An  old  woman  who  kept  an  apple-stall  had 
seen  me  ;  and  when  my  back  was  turned 
went  up  and  told  the  gentleman.  The 
latter  followed  us  until  he  saw  a  policeman, 
while  I  was  not  aware  of  it  ;•  being  eager  to 
know  the  contents  of  the  pocket-book  I 
had  handed  to  my  comrade,  he  being  at  the 
time  in  distress.  We  went  into  a  public- 
house  to  see  the  contents,  and  called  for  a 
glass  of  brandy-and-water.  We  found  there 
were  three  lOZ,  notes  and  a  5/.  note,  and 
two  sovereigns,  with  some  silver.  The 
policeman  meantime  came  in  and  seized 
my  hand,  and  at  the  same  time  took  the 
pocket-book  from  me  before  I  had  time  to 
prevent  him, 

"  The  gentleman  laid  hold  of  my  com- 
panion, but  was  struck  to  the  ground  by 
the  latter.  He  then  assisted  to  rescue  nie 
from  the  policeman.  By  the  assistance  of 
the  potman  and  a  few  men  in  the  taproom, 
they  overpowered  me,  but  my  comrade  got 
away.  I  was  taken  to  the  police  court  and 
committed  for  trial,  and  was  afterwards 
tried  and  sentenced  to  seven  years  trans- 
portation. 

"On  one  occasion,  after  my  return  from 
transportation,  I  and  a  companion  of  mine 
met  a  young  woman  we  were  well  ac- 
quainted with  who  belonged  to  our  own 
class  of  Irish  cockneys.  She  was  then  a 
servant  in  a  family  next  door  to  a  surgeon. 
She  asked  us  how  we  were  getting  on,  and 
treated  us  to  brandy.  We  asked  her  if  we 
could  rifle  her  mistress's  house,  when  she 
said  she  was  very  kind  to  her,  and   she 


2  A 


354 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


would  not  permit  us  to  hurt  a  hair  of  her 
head  or  to  talco  away  a  farthing  of  her 
property.  She  told  us  there  was  a  surgeon 
who  lived  next  door — a  young  man  who 
was  out  at  all  hours  of  the  night,  and 
sometimes  all  night.  She  informed  us 
there  w^as  nobody  in  the  house  but  an  old 
servant  who  slept  up  stairs  in  a  garret. 

"  The  door  opened  by  a  latch-key,  and 
when  the  surgeon,  was  out  the  gas  was 
generaUy  kept  rather  low  in  the  hall.  We 
w^atched  him  go  out  one  evening  at  eleven 
o'clock,  applied  a  key  to  the  door,  and 
entered  the  house.  The  young  woman 
promised  to  give  us  the  signal  when  the 
surgeon  came  in.  We  had  not  been  long 
in  when  we  heard  the  signal  given.  I 
got  under  the  sofa  in  his  surgical  room ; 
tlie  gas  used  to  burn  there  all  night 
while  he  was  out.  My  companion  was 
behind  a  chest  of  drawers  which  stood 
at  a  small  distance  from  the  wall.  As 
the  surgeon  came  in  I  saw  him  take  his 
hat  off,  when  he  sat  down  on  the  sofa 
above  me. 

"  As  he  was  taking  his  boots  off,  he  bent 
down  and  saw  one  of  my  feet  under  the 
sofa.  He  laid  hold  of  it,  and  dragged  me 
from  under  the  sofa.  He  was  a  strong 
man,  and  kneeled  on  my  back  with  my  face 
turned  to  the  floor.  1  gave  a  signal  to  my 
companion  behind  him,  who  struck  him  a 
violent  blow  on  the  back,  not  to  hurt  him, 
but  to  stun  him,  which  felled  him  to 
the  floor.  I  jumped  up  and  ran  out  of  the 
door  with  my  companion.  He  ran  after  us 
and  followed  us  through  the  street  while  I 
ran  in  my  stockings.  Our  female  friend, 
the  servant,  had  the  presence  of  mind  and 
courage  to  run  into  the  house  and  get  my 
boots.  She  carried  them  into  the  house  of 
her  employer,  and  then  looked  out  and 
gave  the  alarm  of  '  Thieves  !'  We  got  a 
booty  of  43/. 

"One  night  I  went  to  an  Irish  penny 
ball  in  St.  Giles's,  and  had  a  dance  with  a 
young  Irish  girl  of- about  nineteen  years  of 
age.  This  was  the  first  time  she  saw  me. 
T  was  a  good  dancer,  and  she  was  much 
pleased  with  me.  She  was  a  beautiful  and 
handsome  girl — a  costermonger,  and  a  good 
dancer.  We  w^ent  out  and  had  some  in- 
toxicating liquor,  which  she  had  not  been 
used  to.  She  wished  me  to  make  her  a 
present  of  a  white  silk  handkerchief,  with 
the  shamrock,  rose,  and  thistle  on  it,  and  a 
harp  in  the  middle,  which  I  could  not 
refuse  her.  She  gave  me  in  exchange  a 
green  handkerchief  from  her  neck.  We 
corresponded  after  this  for  some  time.  She 
did  not  know  then  that  I  was  a  burglar  and 
thief.     She  asked  me  my  occupation,  and  I 


told  her  I  was  a  pianoforte  maker.  One 
night  I  asked  her  to  come  out  with  me  to 
go  to  a  penny  Irish  ball.  I  kept  her  out 
late,  and  seduced  her.  She  did  not  go 
back  to  her  friends  any  more,  but  cohabited 
with  me. 

"  One  night  after  this  we  went  to  a 
public  singing-room,  and  I  got  jealous  by 
her  taking  notice  of  another  young  man. 
I  did  not  speak  to  her  that  night  about  it. 
Next  morning  I  told  her  it  was  better  that 
she  should  go  home  to  her  friends,  as  I 
would  not  live  with  her  any  more. 

"  She  cried  over  it,  and  afterwards  went 
home.  Her  friends  got  her  a  situation  in 
the  West-end  as  a  servant,  but  she  was 
pregnant  at  the  time  with  a  child  to  me. 
She  was  not  long  in  service  before  her 
young  master  fell  in  love  with  her,  and 
kept  her  in  fashionable  style,  which  he  has 
continued  to  do  ever  since.  She  now  lives 
in  elegant  apartments  in  the  West- end, 
and  her  boy,  my  son,  is  getting  a  college 
education.  I  do  not  take  any  notice  of 
them  now. 

"  One  night  on  my  return  from  transport- 
ation I  met  two  old  associates.  They 
asked  me  how  I  vv^as,  and  told  me  they 
were  glad  to  see  me.  1'hey  inquired  how 
I  v;as  getting  on.  I  told  them  I  was  not 
getting  along  very  well.  They  asked  me  if 
1  was  associated  with  any  one.  I  told  them 
I  was  not,  and  was  willing  to  go  out  with 
them  to  a  bit  of  work.  These  men  were 
burglars,  and  wished  me  to  join  them  in 
plundering  a  shop  in  the  metropolis.  I 
told  them  I  did  not  mind  going  with  them. 
They  arranged  I  should  enter  the  shop 
along  v/ith  another  '  pal,'  and  the  other 
was  to  keep  w^atch.  On  the  night  ap- 
pointed for  the  work  we  met  an  old  watch- 
man, and  asked  him  what  o'clock  it  was. 
One  of  our  party  pretended  to  be  drunk, 
and  said  he  would  treat  him  to  two  or 
three  glasses  of  rum.  Meantime  I  and  my 
companion  entered  the  house  by  getting 
over  a  back  wall  and  entering  a  window 
there  by  starring  the  glass,  and  pulling  the 
catch  back.  When  we  got  in  we  did  not 
require  to  break  open  any  lockfast.  We 
packed  up  apparel  of  the  value  of  601, 
We  remained  in  the  shop  till  six  o'clock, 
wdien  the  change  of  ofticers  took  place. 
The  door  was  then  unbolted — a  cab  was 
drawn  up  to  the  shop.  I  shut  the  door 
and  went  off  in  one  direction  on  foot,  while 
one  '  pal '  went  off  in  a  cab,  and  the  other 
to  the  receiver  at  Whitechapel. 

"  I  have  been  engaged  in  about  eighteen 
burglaries  besides  other  depredations,  some 
of  them  in  fashionable  shops  and  dwelling- 
houses   in    the  West-end.    Some  of  them 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


355 


have  been  effected  by  skeleton  keys,  others 
by  climbing  waterspouts,  at  which  I  am 
considered  to  be  extraordinary  mmble,  and 
others  by  obtaining  an  entry  through  the 
doors  or  windows.  I  have  been  imprisoned 
seven  times  in  London  and  elsewhere,  and 
have  been  twice  transported.     Altogether 


I  have  been  in  prison  for  about  fourteen 
years. 

*'  My  first  wife  died  broken-hearted  the 
second  time  I  was  transported.  Since  I 
came  home  this  last  time  I  have  lived  an 
honest,  industrious  life  with  my  second 
wife  and  family." 


PROSTITUTE  THSEVES. 


On  taking  up  this  subject,  although  it  is 
treated  comprehensively  in  another  part 
of  this  work,  v/e  found  it  impossible  to 
draw  an  exact  distinction  between  prosti- 
tution and  the  prostitute  thieves.  Even 
at  the  risk  of  a  little  repetition  we  now 
give  a  short  resume  of  the  whole  subject, 
dwelling  particularly  on  the  part  more 
especially  in  our  province — the  Prostitute 
Thieves  of  London. 

The  prostitution  of  the  metropolis,  so 
widely  ramified  like  a  deadly  upas  tree 
over  the  length  and  breadth  of  its  districts, 
may  be  divided  into  four  classes,  deter- 
mined generally  by  the  personal  qualities, 
bodily  and  mental,  of  the  prostitute,  by 
the  wealth  and  position  of  the  person  who 
supports  her,  and  by  the  localities  in  which 
she  resides  and  gains  her  ignoble  liveli- 
hood. 

The  first  class  consists  of  those  who  are 
supported  by  gentlemen  in  high  position 
in  society,  wealthy  merchants  and  profes- 
sional men,  gentry  and  nobility,  and  are 
kept  as  seclasives. 

The  second  class  consists  of  the  better 
educated  and  more  genteel  girls,  who  live  in 
open  prostitution,  some  of  them  connected 
with  respectable  middle-class  families. 

The  third  class  is  composed  of  domestic 
servants  and  the  daughters  of  labourers, 
mechanics,  and  others  in  the  humbler 
walks  in  life. 

The  fourth  class  comprises  old  worn-out 
prostitutes  sunk  in  poverty  and  debase- 
ment. 

We  may  take  each  class  of  prostitutes 
and  illustrate  it  in  the  order  set  down, 
extending  our  field  of  observation  over  the 
wide  districts  of  the  metropolis  ;  or  we  may 
select  several  leading  districts  as  represent- 
atives of  the  whole,  and  proceed  in  more 
minute  detail.  We  adopt  the  latter  plan,  as 
it  presents  us  with  a  fuller  and  more  graphic 
view  of  the  subject. 

The  first  ckss  consists  of  young  ladies, 
in  many  cases  well-educated  and  well-con- 


nected, such  as  the  daughters  of  professional 
men,  physicians,  lawyers,  clergymen,  and 
military  officers,  as  well  as  of  respectable 
farmers,  merchants,  and  other  middle -class 
people,  and  governesses ;  also  of  many  per- 
sons possessed  of  high  personal  attractions 
— ballet-girls,  milliners,  dressmakers  and 
shop-girls,  chambermaids  and  table-maids 
in  aristocratic  families  or  at  first-class 
hotels.  Many  of  them  are  brought  from 
happy  homes  in  the  provinces  to  London 
by  fashionable  villains,  military  or  civilian, 
and  basely  seduced,  and  kept  to  niiniiiter 
to  their  lust.  Others  are  seduced  in  the 
metropolis  while  residing  with  their  parents, 
or  when  pursuing  their  avocations  in  shops, 
dwelling-houses,  or  hotels. 

Many  a  young  lady  from  the  provinces 
has  been  entrapped  by  wealthy  young  men, 
frequently  young  military  officers,  who 
have  met  them  at  ball-rooms,  where  they 
may  have  shone  in  ail  the  beauty  of  health 
and  innocence,  the  darlings  of  their  home, 
the  pride  of  their  parents'  hearts,  and  the 
"  cynosure  of  every  eye,"  or  these  fashion- 
able rakes  may  have  got  introduced  to 
their  families,  and  been  shown  marked 
kindness.  But  in  return  they  entice  the 
poor  girls  from  their  parents,  dishonour 
them,  and  destroy  the  peace  of  their  homes 
for  ever. 

Many  young  ladies  possessing  fair  accom- 
plishments are  also  entrapped  in  the  metro- 
polis—at the  Argyle  Rooms,  Holborn  As- 
sembly-room, and  other  fashionable.resorts. 
In  many  cases  pretty  young  girls,"s-servants 
in  noblemen's  families,  barmaids,  waiting- 
maids  in  hotels,  and  chambermaids,  may 
have  attracted  the  attention  of  gay  gentle- 
men who  had  induced  them  to  cohabit 
with  them,  or  to  live  in  apartments  pro- 
vided for  them,  where  they  are  kept  in 
grand  style.  Some  are  maintained  at  the 
rate  of  800Z.  a  year,  keep  a  set  of  servants, 
drive  out  in  their  brougham,  and  occasion- 
ally ride  in  Rotten  Row.  Others  are  sup- 
ported at  still  greater  expense. 


2  A  2 


356 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


As  a  general  rule  they  do  not  live  in  the 
same  house  with  the  gentleman,  though 
sometimes  they  do.  Such  women  are  often 
kept  by  wealthy  merchants,  officers  in  the 
army,  members  of*  the  House  of  Com- 
mons and  House  of  Peers,  and  others  in 
high  life. 

As  a  rule  gay  ladies  keep  faithful  to  the 
gentlemen  who  support  them.  Many  of 
them  ride  in  Kotten  Row  with  a  groom  be- 
hind them,  attend  the  theatres  and  operas, 
and  go  to  Brighton,  Ramsgate,  and  Margate, 
and  over  to  Paris. 

When  the  young  women  they  fancy 
are  not  well  educated,  tutors  and  gover- 
nesses are  provided  to  train  them  in  accom- 
plishments, to  enable  them  to  move  with 
elegance  and  grace  in  the  drawing-room,  or 
to  travel  on  the  Continent.  They  are 
taught  French,  music,  drawing,  and  the 
higher  accomplishments. 

Sometimes  these  girls  belong  to  the 
lower  orders  of  society,  and  may  have  been 
selected  for  their  beauty  and  fascination. 
The  daughter  of  a  labouring  man,  a  beauti- 
ful girl,  is  kept  by  a  gentleman  in  high  po- 
sition at  St.  John's  Wood  at  the  rate  of 
SOOl.  a  year.  She  has  now  received  a  lady's 
education,  rides  in  Rotten  Row,  has  a  set 
of  servants,  moves  in  certain  fashionable 
circles,  keeps  aloof  from  the  gaiety  of 
the  Hay  market,  and  lives  as  though  she 
were  a  married  woman. 

Let  us  take  another  illustration.  A  young 
girl  was  brought  up  to  London  several 
years  ago  by  a  military  man.  He  kept  her 
for  three  weeks,  and  then  left  her  in  a 
cofFee-shop  in  Panton  Street  as  a  dressed 
lodger.  She  has  since  been  kept  at  Chelsea 
by  a  gentleman  in  a  Government  situation, 
and  occasionally  drives  out  in  her  chaise 
with  her  groom  behind.  She  frequents  the 
Argyle  Rooms  and  the  cafes,  the  Carlton 
supper-rooms,  and  Sally's.  She  was  brought 
away  from  the  provinces  when  she  was 
seventeen,  and  is  now  about  twenty-five 
years  of  age. 

These  females  are  kept  from  ages  varying 
from  sixteen  and  upwards,  and  live  chiefly 
in  the  suburbs  of  the  metropolis — Bromp- 
ton,  Chelsea,  St.  John's  Wood,  Haverstock 
Hill,  and  on  the  Hampstead  Road. 

This  class  of  ladies  are  often  kept  by 
elderly  men,  military,  naval,  or  otherwise, 
some  of  them  having  vv^ives  and  families. 
Li  such  cases  the  former  sometimes  have  a 
younger  fancy-man.  They  visit  him  by 
private  arrangement,  and  keep  it  very 
quiet.  Occasionally  such  things  do  come 
to  light,  and  the  elderly  gentlemen  part 
with  them. 

They   dress   very   expensively   in   silks, 


satins,  and  muslins,  in  most  fashionable 
style,  glittering  with  costly  jewellery,  per- 
haps of  the  value  of  150/.,  Hke  the  first 
ladies  in  the  land.  Sometimes  they  become 
intemperate,  and  are  abandoned 'by  their 
paramours,  and  in  the  course  of  a  short 
time  pawn  their  jewels  and  fine  dresses, 
and  betake  themselves  to  prostitution  in 
the  Waterloo  Road,  and  ultimately  go  witli 
the  most  degraded  labouring  men  for  a  few 
coppers. 

Many  of  them  are  very  unfortunate,  and 
are  discarded  by  the  gentlemen  who  sup- 
port them  on  the  slightest  caprice,  perhaps 
to  give  way  to  some  other  young  woman. 
To  secure  his  object  he  occasionally  mal- 
treats her,  and  attempts  to  create  a  mis- 
understanding between  them,  or  he  absents 
himself  from  her  for  a  time,  meantime  tak- 
ing care  to  introduce  some  person  stealthily 
into  her  company  to  ensnare  her,  and  find 
some  pretext  to  abandon  her,  so  that  her 
friends  may  have  no  ground  for  an  action 
at  law  against  him. 

In  some  instances  these  females  after 
having  run  their  fashionable  careeet,  get 
married  ;  in  others  they  may  have  managed 
to  save  some  money  to  provide  for  the 
future.  But  in  too  many  cases  they  are 
heartlessly  abandoned  by  the  men  who 
formerly  supported  them,  and  glide  down 
step  by  step  into  lower  degradation,  till 
many  of  them  come  to  the  workhouse,  or 
the  hospital,  or  to  some  secluded  garret, 
or  it  may  be  rush  into  a  suicide's  grave. 
Volumes  might  be  written  on  this  tragical 
theme,  where  fact  would  far  transcend  the 
heart-rending  recitals  of  fiction. 

Having  briefly  adverted  to  the  higher 
order  of  prostitutes,  kept  as  seclusives  by 
men  of  wealth,  high  station,  and  title,  we 
shall  now  turn  our  attention  to  the  open 
prostitutes  who  traverse  the  streets  of  the 
metropolis  for  their  livelihood.  With  this 
view,  we  shall  not  treat  first  of  the  lower 
order  of  prostitutes,  and  proceed  to  the 
higher,  but  keeping  in  mind  the  principle 
with  which  we  started — the  progressive 
downward  nature  of  crime, — we  shall  com- 
mence at  the  higher  order  of  prostitutes, 
and  afterwards  notice  the  more  debased. 
At  the  same  time  we  shall  select  several 
of  the  more  prominent  localities  as  a 
sample  of  the  whole  districts  of  this  vast 
metropolis.  We  shall  notice  the  Hay- 
market,  Bishojigate  Street,  and  Waterloo 
Road,  the  Parks,  Westminster,  and  Rat- 
clifl"  Highway.     We  shall  first  advert  to 

The  Prostitutes  of  the  Haymarket. 

A  STRANGER  on  his  coming  to  London, 
after  visiting   the   Crystal  Palace,  British 


LONDON  LABOmt  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


357 


Museum,  St.  James's  Palace,  and  Bucking- 
ham Palace,  and  other  public  buildings, 
seldom  leaves  the  capital  before  he  makes 
an  evening  visit  to  the  Haymarket  and  Re- 
gent Street.  Struck  as  he  is  with  the  dense 
throng  of  people  who  crowd  along  London 
Bridge,  Fleet  Street,  Cheapside,  Holborn, 
Oxford  Street,  and  the  Strand,,  perhaps  no 
sight  makes  a  more  striking  impression  on 
his  mind  than  the  brilliant  gaiety  of 
Hegent  Street  and  the  Haymarket.  It  is 
not  only  the  architectural  splendour  of  the 
aristocratic  streets  in  that  neighbourhood, 
but  the  brilliant  illumination  of  the  shops, 
cafes,  Turkish  divans,  assembly  halls,  and 
concert  rooms,  and  the  troops  of  elegantly 
dressed  courtesans,  rustling  in  silks  and 
satins,  and  waving  in  laces,  promenading 
along  these  superb  streets  among  throngs 
of  fashionable  people,  and  persons  appa- 
rently of  every  order  and  pursuit,  from  the 
ragged  crossing-sweeper  and  tattered  shoe- 
black to  the  high-bred  gentleman  of  fashion 
and  scion  of  nobility. 

Not  to  speak  of  the  first  class  of  kept 
women,  who  are  supported  by  men  of  opu- 
lence and  rank  in  the  privacy  of  their  own 
dwellings,  the  whole  of  the  other  classes 
are  to  be  found  in  the  Haymarket,  from 
the  beautiful  girl  with  fresh  blooming 
cheek,  newly  arrived  from  the  provinces, 
and  the  pale,  elegant,  young  lady  from  a 
miUiner's  shop  in  the  aristocratic  West- 
end,  to  the  old,  bloated  women  who  have 
grown  grey  in  prostitution,  or  become  in- 
valid through  venereal  disease. 

We  shall  first  advert  to  the  highest  class 
who  walk  the  Haymarket,  which  in  our 
general  classification  we  have  termed  the 
second  class  of  prostitutes. 

They  consist  of  the  better  educated  and 
more  genteel  girls,  some  of  them  connected 
with  respectable  middle-class  families.  We 
do  not  say  that  they  are  well-educated  and 
genteel,  but  either  well-educated  or  gen- 
teel. Some  of  these  girls  have  a  fine  ap- 
pearance, and  are  dressed  in  high  style, 
yet  are  poorly  educated,  and  have  sprung 
from  an  humble  origin.  Others,  who  are 
more  plainly  dressed,  have  had  a  lady's 
education,  and  some  are  not  so  brilliant  in 
their  style,  who  have  come  from  a  middle- 
class  home.  Many  of  these  girls  have  at 
one  time  been  milliners  or  sewing  girls  in 
genteel  houses  in  the  West-end,  and  have 
been  seduced  by  shopmen,  or  by  gentlemen 
of  the  town,  and  after  being  ruined  in 
character,  or  having  quarrelled  with  their 
relatives,  may  have  taken  to  a  life  of  pros- 
titution ;  others  have  been  waiting  maids 
in  hotels,  or  in  service  in  good  families, 
and  have  been  seduced  by  servants  in  the 


family,  or  by  gentlemen  in  the  house,  and 
betaken  themselves  to  a  wild  life  of  plea- 
sure.    A  considerable  number  have  come 
from  the  provinces  to   London,  with  un- 
principled young  men  of  their  acquaintance, 
who  after  a  short  time  have  deserted  them, 
and  some  of  them  have  been  enticed  by 
gay  gentlemen  of  the  West-end,  when  on 
their  provincial  tours.     Others  have  coma 
to  the  metropolis  in  search  of  work,  and 
been    disappointed.      After  spending  the 
money  they  had  with  them,  they  have  re- 
sorted to  the  career  of  a  common  prosti- 
tute.    Others  have  come  from  provincial 
towns,  who  had  not  a  happy  home,  with 
a  stepfather   or   stepmother.        Some  are 
young  milliners   and  dressmakers    at   one 
time  in  business  in  town,  but  being  unfor- 
tunate, are  now  walking  the  Haymarket.  In 
addition  to  these,  many  of   them  are  se- 
clusives  turned  away  or  abandoned  by  the 
persons   who  supported  them,  who  have 
recourse   to   a  gay   life   in  the  West- end 
There  are  also  a  considerable  number  of 
French    girls,     and     a    few    Belgian    and 
German  prostitutes   who    promenade  this 
localit}^     You  see  many  of  them  walking 
along  in   black  silk  cloaks  or  light   grey 
mantles — many  with  silk  paletots  and  wide 
skirts,    extended  by   an    ample    crinoline, 
looking  almost  like  a   pyramid,  with  the 
apex   terminating    at    the  black  or  white 
satin  bonnet,  trimmed  with  waving  ribbons 
and  gay  flowers.     Some  are  to  be  seen  with 
their  cheeks  ruddy  with  rouge,  and  here  and 
there  a  few  rosy  with  health.   Many  of  them 
looking  cold  and  heartless  ;  others  with  an 
interesting  appearance.    We  observe  them 
walking  up   and  down  Regent  Street  and 
the  Haymarket,  often   by  themselves,  one 
or  more  in  company,    sometimes  with    a 
gallant  they  have  picked  up,  calling  at  the 
wine-vaults  or  restaurants  to  get  a  glass  of 
wine  or  gin,  or  sitting  down  in  the  brilliant 
coffee-rooms,  adorned  with  large  mirrors, 
to  a  cup  of  good  bohea  or  coftee.     Many  of 
the  more  faded  prostitutes  ofthis  class  fre- 
quent the  Pavilion  to  meet  gentlemen  and 
enjoy    the  vocal   and  instrumental   music 
over  some  liquor.     Others  of  higher  style 
proceed  to  the  Alhambra  Music  Hail,  or  to 
the    Argyle   Rooms,   rustling  in    splendid 
dresses,   to  spend  the  time  till  midnight, 
when  they  accompany  the  gentlemen  they 
may   have    met    there   to    the    expensive 
supper-rooms    and    night  -  houses    which 
abound  in  the  neighbourhood. 

In  the  course  of  the  evening,  we  see 
many  of  the  girls  proceeding  w^ith  young 
and  middle  aged,  and  sometimes  silver- 
headed  frail  old  men,  to  Oxenden  Street, 
Panton  Street,  and  James  Street,  near  the 


358 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Haymarket,  wliero  they  enter  houses  of 
accommodation,  which  they  prefer  to  going 
Avith  them  to  their  lodgings.  Numbers  of 
French  girls  may  be  seen  in  the  Hay- 
market,  and  the  neighbourhood  of  Tich- 
bourne  Street  and  Great  Windmill  Street, 
many  of  them  in  dark  silk  paletots  and 
white  or  dark  silk  bonnets,  trimmed  v/ith 
gay  ribbons  and  flowers,  or  walking  up 
Regent  Street  in  the  neighbourhood  of  All 
Souls'  Church,  Langham  Place,  and  Port- 
land Place,  or  coming  down  Eegent  Street 
to  Waterloo  Place  and  Pall  j\Iall,  and  hover- 
ing near  the  palatial  mansions  or  the  Clubs  ; 
or  they  might  be  seen  decoying  gents  to 
their  apartments  in  Queen  Street,  off 
Regent's  Quadrant,  from  which  locality 
they  were  lately  forcibly  ejected  by  the 
police.  Most  of  these  French  girls  have 
bulHes,  or  what  they  term  by  a  softer  term 
'fancy  men,'  who  cohabit  with  them. 
These  base  Avretches  live  on  the  prostitu- 
tion of  these  miserable  girls, — hang  as 
loafers  in  their  houses  or  about  the  streets, 
and  many  of  them,  as  we  might  expect,  are 
gamblers  and  swindlers.  Several  of  them, 
we  blush  to  say,  are  political  refugees, 
exiles  for  fighting  at  the  barricades  of 
Paris,  for  the  liberty  of  their  country ; 
while  they  live  here  with  courtesans  in 
the  purlieus  of  Haymarket,  in  the  most 
infamous  and  degrading  of  all  bondage. 

The  generality  of  the  girls  of  the  Hay- 
market  have  no  bullies,  but  live  in  furnished 
apartments — one  or  more — in  various  loca- 
lities of  the  metropolis.  Many  live  in 
Dean  Street,  Soho,  Gerrard  Street,  Soho, 
King  Street,  Soho,  and  Church  Street, 
Soho,  in  Tennison  Street,  Waterloo  Road, 
at  Pimlico  and  Chelsea,  several  of  the 
streets  leading  into  Fitzroy  Square,  and 
other  neighbourhoods,  and  pay  a  weekly 
rent  varying  from  seven  shillings  to  a  guinea, 
which  has  to  be  regularly  paid  on  the  day 
it  is  due.  In  many  cases  little  forbearance 
is  shown  by  their  heartless  landladies,  Many 
of  these  girls  have  gentlemen  who  statedly 
visit  them  at  their  lodgings,  some  of 
whom  are  married  men.  Most  of  them  are 
very  thoughtless  and  extravagant,  with 
handfuls  of  money  to-day,  and  in  poverty 
and  miserable  straits  to-morrow,  driven  to 
the  necessity  of  pawning  their  dresses. 
Hence  there  are  many  changes  in  their 
life.  At  one  time  they  are  in  splendid 
dress,  and  at  another  time  in  the  humblest 
attire  ;  occasionally  they  are  assisted  by  men 
who  are  interested  in  them,  and  restored 
to  their  former  position,  when  they  get 
their  clothes  out  of  the  hands  of  the  pawn- 
broker. Their  living  is  very  iirecarious,  and 
many  of  them  are  occasionally  exposed  to 


privation,  degradation,  and  misery,  as  they 
are  very  improvident.  They  are  frequently 
treated  to  splendid  supj^ers  in  the  Hay- 
market  and  its  vicinity,  where  they  sit 
surrounded  with  splendour,  partaking  of 
costly  viands  amid  lascivious  smiles  ;  but 
the  scene  is  changed  when  you  follow  them 
to  their  own  apartments  in  Soho  or  Chel- 
sea, where  you  find  them  during  the  day, 
lolling  drowsily  on  their  beds,  in  tawdry 
dress,  and  in  sad  dishabille,  with  dishe- 
velled hair,  seedy-looking  countenance,  and 
muddy,  dreary  eyes  —  their  voices  fre- 
quently hoarse  with  bad  humour  and 
miser3'\ 

Large  sums  of  money  are  spent  in  luxu- 
rious riot  in  the  Haymarket ;  but  it  has  not 
been  so  much  frequented  by  the  gentry  and 
nobility  for  several  years  past,  although 
considerable  numbers  are  to  be  seen  in 
the  summer  and  winter  seasons. 

Stra,nge  midnight  scenes  were  wont  to  be 
seen  occasionally  in  Queen  Street,  Regent 
Street,  where  the  French  girls  reside.  Let 
us  take  an  illustration.  Some  fast  man — 
young  or  middle  aged — goes  with  them  to 
the  cafes  and  music  halls,  i^erhaps  pro- 
ceeds to  the  supper  rooms,  and  after  an 
expensive  supper,  retires  with  them  to 
their  domicile  in  Queen  Street.  Meantime 
their  bully  keeps  out  of  sight,  or  sneaks 
behind  the  bed-room  door.  In  many  cases, 
not  contented  with  the  half-guinea  or 
guinea  given  them,  their  usual  hire  for 
prostitution,  they  demand  more  money 
from  their  victim.  On  his  declining  to 
give  it,  they  refuse  to  submit  to  his  plea- 
sure, and  will  not  return  him  his  money. 
The  bully  is  then  called  up,  and  the  silly 
dupe  is  probably  unceremoniously  turned 
out  of  doors. 

There  are  few  felonies  committed  by  this 
class  of  prostitutes,  as  such  an  imputation 
would  be  fatal  to  their  mode  of  livelihood 
in  this  district,  where  they  are  generally 
known,  and  can  be  easily  traced. 

The  second  class  of  prostitutes,  who 
walk  the  Haymarket — the  third  class  in  our 
classification — generally  come  from  the 
lower  orders  of  society.  They  consist  of 
domestic  servants  of  a  plainer  order,  the 
daughters  of  labouring  people,  and  some  of 
a  still  lower  class.  Some  of  these  girls  are 
of  a  very  tender  age — from  thirteen  years 
and  upwards.  You  see  them  wandering 
along  Leicester  Square,  and  about  the  Hay- 
market, Tichbourne  Street,  and  Regent 
Street.  Many  of  them  are  dressed  in  a 
light  cotton  or  merino  gown,  and  ill-suited 
crinoline,  with  light  grey,  or  brown  cloak, 
or  mantle.  Some  with  pork-pie  hat,  and 
waving  feather — white,  blue,  or  red ;  others 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB. 


359 


with  a  slouched  straw-hat.  Some  of  them 
walk  with  a  timid  look,  others  with  effron- 
tery. Some  have  a  look  of  artless  innocence 
and  ingenuousness,  others  very  pert,  callous, 
a,nd  artful.  Some  have  good  features  and 
fine  figures,  others  are  coarse-looking  and 
dumpy,  their  features  and  accent  indicating 
that  they  are  Irish  cockneys.  They  pros- 
titute themselves  for  a  lower  price,  and 
haunt  those  disreputable  coffee-shops  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  the  Haymarket  and  Lei- 
cester Square,  where  you  may  see  the 
bhnds  drawn  down,  and  the  lights  burning 
dimly  within,  with  notices  over  the  door, 
that  '*  beds  are  to  be  had  within." 

Many  of  those  young  girls  —  some  of 
them  good-looking — cohabit  with  young 
pickpockets  about  Drury  Lane,  St.  Giles's, 
Gray's  Inn  Lane,  Holborn,  and  other  locali- 
ties— young  lads  from  fourteen  to  eighteen, 
groups  of  whom  may  be  seen  loitering 
about  the  Haymarket,  a.nd  often  speaking 
to  them.  Numbers  of  these  girls  are  artful 
and  adroit  thieves.  They  follow  persons 
into  the  dark  by-streets  of  these  localities, 
and  are  apt  to  pick  his  pockets,  or  they 
rifle  his  person  when  in  the  bedroom  with 
him  in  low  coffee-houses  and  brothels. 
Some  of  these  girls  come  even  from  Pimlico, 
Waterloo  Eoad,  and  distant  parts  of  the 
metropolis,  to  share  in  the  spoils  of  fast  life 
in  the  Haymarket.  They  occasionahy  take 
watches,  purses,  pins,  and  handkerchiefs 
from  their  silly  dupes  who  go  with  them 
into  those  disreputable  places,  and  fre- 
quently are  not  easily  traced,  as  many  of 
them  are  migratory  in  their  character. 

The  third  and  lowest  class  of  prostitutes 
in  the  Haymarket  —  the  fourth  in  our 
classification — are  worn-out  prostitutes  or 
other  degraded  women,  some  of  them 
married,  yet  equally  degraded  in  character. 

These  faded  and  miserable  wretches  skulk 
about  the  Haymarket,  Regent  Street,  Lei- 
cester Square,  Coventry  Street,  Panton 
Street  and  Piccadilly,  cadging  from  the 
fashionable  people  in  the  street  and  from 
the  prostitutes  passing  along,  and  some- 
times retire  for  prostitution  into  dirty  low 
courts  near  St.  Jcanes'  Street,  Coventry 
Court,  Long's  Court,  Earl's  Court,  and 
Cranbonrne  Passage,  with  shop  boys,  errand 
lads,  petty  thieves,  and  labouring  men,  for 
a  few  paltry  coppers.  Most  of  them  steal 
when  they  can  get  an  opportunity.  Occa- 
sionally a  base  coloured  woman  of  this  class 
may  be  seen  in  the  Haymarket  and  its 
vicinity,  cadging  from  the  gay  girls  and 
gentlemen  in  the  streets.  Many  of  the 
poor  girls  are  glad  to  pay  her  a  sixpence 
occasionally  to  get  rid  of  her  company,  as 
gentlemen    are    often    scared   away   from 


them  by  the  intrusion  of  this  shameless 
hag,  with  her  thick  lips,  sable  black  skin, 
leering  countenance  and  obscene  disgusting 
tongue,  resembling  a  lewd  spirit  of  dark- 
ness from  the  nether  w^orld. 

Numbers  of  the  women  kept  by  the 
wealthy  ^and  the  titled  may  occasionally 
be  seen  in  the  Haymarket,  which  is  the 
only  centre  in  the  metropolis  v/here  all  the 
various  classes  of  prostitutes  meet.  They 
attend  the  Argyle  Rooms  and  the  Alham- 
bra,  and  frequently  indulge  in  the  gaieties 
of  the  supper  rooms,  where  their  broughams 
are  often  seen  drawn  up  at  the  doors.  In 
the  more  respectable  circles  they  may  be 
regarded  with  aversion,  but  they  here 
reign  as  the  prima- donnas  over  the  fast  life 
of  the  West-end. 

Occasionally  genteel  and  beautiful  girls 
in  shops  and  workrooms  in  the  West-end, 
milliners,  dressmakers,  and  shop  girls,  may 
be  seen  flitting  along  Regent  Street  and 
Pall  Mall,  like  bright  birds  of  passage,  to 
meet  v/ith  some  gentleman  on  the  slij,  and 
to  obtain  a  few  quickly-earned  guineas  to 
add  to  their  scanty  salaries.  Sometimes 
a  fashionable  young  widow,  or  beautiful 
young  married  v/oman,  will  find  her  way  in 
those  dark  evenings  to  meet  Vv^ith  some 
rickety  silver-headed  old  captain  loitering 
about  Pall  Mall.  Such  things  are  not 
wondered  at  by  those  acquainted  with  high 
life  in  London. 

We  now  come  to  take  a  survey  of  the 
general  state  of  prostitution  which  prevails 
over  the  metro] )olis,  having  Bishopgate, 
Shoreditch,  and  Waterloo  Road  more  parti- 
cularly in  our  eye  as  a  sample  of  the  other 
districts.  These  prostitutes  in  genera, 
reside  in  the  dingy  lanes  and  courts  off  the 
main  streets  in  these  localities,  and  have 
small  bed-rooms  poorly  furnished,  for  which 
they  pay  four  shillings  and  upwards  a-week. 
They  live  in  disreputable  houses,  occupied 
from  the  basement  to  the  attics  by  prosti- 
tutes— some  young,  others  more  elderly ; 
some  living  alone,  others  cohabiting  with 
some  low  wretch  of  a  man,  a  "  tail " 
pickpocket,  labourer,  or  low  mechanic. 

The  prostitutes  of  these  localities  gene- 
rally belong  to  the  third  and  fourth  class. 
The  better  educated  and  more  genteel  girls 
who  live  by  prostitution  in  most  cases  go 
to  the  Haymarket.  Numbers  may  oc- 
casionally be  seen  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
the  Bank  of  England,  at  Islington,  near  the  • 
Angel  tavern,  in  the  City  Road,  New  North 
Road,  Paddington,  at  the  Elephant  and 
Castle,  and  other  localities ;  thougli  in 
most  cases  they  only  come  out  occasionally 
on  the  sly,  and  are  engaged  in  shops, 
factories,  warerooms,  and  v;orkrooms,  dur- 


360 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


I  ing  the  daj,  or  secluded  in  their  houses, 
j  supported  by  tradesmen,  mechanics,  shop- 
j  men,  clerks,  or  others,  and  only  live  par- 
tially by  prostitution. 

We  shall  refer  to  the  two  classes  of  open 
prostitutes  generally  to  be  seen  over  the 
various  districts  of  the  metropolis,  such  as 
those  residing  in  the  disreputable  neigh- 
bourhoods we  have  mentioned.  Some  of 
the  better  class  have  the  appearance  of  girls 
who  servo  in  coffee-houses,  barmaids,  and 
servants,  and  others  of  the  lower  orders. 
Numbers  of  them  are  good-looking  and 
tolerably  well  dressed.  Some  have  been 
ironing  girls,  and  others  have  sold  small 
wares  on  the  streets,  and  been  engaged  in 
similar  employment. 

Many  of  these  unfortunate  girls  have 
redeeming  traits  in  their  character.  Some 
are  kind-hearted  and  honest,  and  not  a  few 
are  even  generous  and  self-denying.  The 
great  mass,  however,  are  unprincipled 
and  base,  ever  ready  to  take  an  advantage 
when  an  opportunity  occurs.  The  vast 
majority  of  them  are  thieves,  similar  to  the 
third  class  we  have  sketched  in  the  Hay- 
market.  They  not  only  steal  from  the 
persons  they  meet  on  the  street  under  the 
dark  cloud  of  night  in  by-streets  and 
courts,  but  take  men  to  their  houses,  and 
plunder  them.  They  rifle  the  pockets  of 
those  who  go  for  a  short  time  with  them, 
and  steal  their  gold  pins,  watches,  and 
money.  This  is  generally  done  in  low 
houses  of  accommodation.  They  frequently 
decamp  with  the  clothes  of  their  victim, 
who  has  taken  a  bed  with  them  for  the 
night,  and  leave  him  in  a  strange  house  in 
a  state  of  nudity.  Married  men  frequently 
get  into  this  sad  predicament,  but  the 
matter  is  in  most  cases  hushed  up.  When 
it  does  get  abroad,  the  party  robbed, 
to  screen  his  profligacy  from  his  wife  and 
relatives,  pretends  in  many  cases  that  he 
has  been  drugged. 

These  prostitutes,  some  of  them  good- 
looking  and  handsome,  often  accost  men  in 
the  street,  retire  with  them  into  some  by- 
lane  or  by-street,  and  patter  about  their 
pockets,  while  they  encourage  him  to  use 
indecent  freedoms  with  their  persons  ;  and 
while  they  inflame  his  passions,  rifle  his 
pockets,  and  decamp  with  his  money.  This 
is  frequently  done  in  cases  where  the  man 
does  not  have  carnal  connection  with  them. 
They  are  generally  dressed  in  a  light  cot- 
ton or  merino  gown,  a  light  or  brown  mantle, 
a  straw  bonnet  trimmed  with  gaudy  rib- 
bons and  flowers,  and  sometimes  with  a 
pork-pie  hat  and  white  or  red  feather. 

Some  of  these  girls  in  those  lower  locali- 
ties have  better   traits  in  their  character 


than  many  of  the  more  brilliant-dressed 
girls  in  the  Haymarket,  and  are  sometimes 
better  looking.  Not  a  few  of  them  are 
very  sedate,  and  will  not  go  with  any  man 
v;hom  they  do  not  like.  But  there  are 
many  others  more  unscrupulous. 

When  they  meet  a  man  the  worse  of 
liquor,  they  decoy  him  into  a  brothel  and 
get  his  money  from  him,  when  they  try  to 
get  up  a  quarrel  with  him,  and  run  off" 
crying  out  they  are  ill-used  by  the  man. 
They  do  this  frequently  where  they  do  not 
allow  the  drunken  man  to  have  carnal 
dealings  with  them — not  from  a  lustful 
purpose,  but  to  get  his  money  or  other 
property. 

These  girls  are  fifteen  years  of  age  and 
upwards.  Some  of  them,  if  good-looking, 
get  married,  and  are  rescued  from  the  jaws 
of  prostitution.  Others  linger  on  for  a 
time  with  shattered  constitutions,  wasted 
by  grief,  want,  anxiety,  and  irregular  life, 
and  glide  into  premature  graves.  Others 
are  sheltered  in  workhouses,  while  a  con- 
siderable number  become  withered  or 
brutal,  and  degenerate  into  the  lowest  class 
of  abandoned  women. 

We  come  now  to  treat  of  the  lowest 
class  of  prostitutes — those  old  women  of 
the  town  who  prowl  about  the  thorougfarcs 
and  main  streets,  chiefly  in  the  evenings 
and  at  midnight.  They  are  often  dressed 
in  a  shabby,  dirty  cotton  skirt,  faded  dark 
bonnet,  and  old  shoes  ;  some  bloated,  dis- 
sipated, and  brutal  in  appearance ;  others 
pale  and  wasted  by  want  and  sufiering 
Many  of  them  resort  to  /'bilking"  for  a 
livelihood,  that  is,  they  inveigle  persons  to 
low  houses  of  bad  fame,  but  do  not  allow 
them  to  have  criminal  dealings  with  them.. 
Possibly  the  bodies  of  some  may  be  covered 
with  dreadful  disease,  which  they  take 
care  to  conceal.  While  in  these  houses 
they  often  indulge  in  the  grossest  inde- 
cencies, too  abominable  to  be  mentioned, 
with  old  grey-headed  men  on  the  very  edge 
of  the  grave.  IMaiiy  of  these  women  are 
old  convicted  thieves  of  sixty  years  of  age 
and  upwards.  Strange  to  say,  old  men  and 
boys  go  with  these  withered  crones,  and 
sometimes  fashionable  gentlemen  on  a 
lark  are  to  be  seen  walking  arm  in  arm  with 
them,  and  even  to  enter  their  houses.  Few 
of  these  old  women  are  married,  though 
many  of  them  cohabit  with  low  coarse  fel- 
lows, who  wink  at  their  conduct,  and  live 
on  the  proceeds  of  their  obscenities. 

For  example,  in  Granby  Street,  Waterloo 
Road,  there  were  orgies  occasionally  in- 
dulged in  by  such  women,  with  persons 
having  the  appearance  of  gentlemen,  too 
abominable  to  be  mentioned. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


361 


These  belong  to  the  same  class  of  de- 
graded women  who  walk  the  Haymarket, 
and  whom  we  have  described  as  the  most 
abandoned  of  their  sex,  who  go  about 
cadging  and  occasionally  prostituting  them- 
selves to  boys  and  degraded  labouring  men. 
They  live  in  the  lowest  neighbourhoods  in 
the  east  end  of  the  metropoHs,  such  as 
Lower  Whitecross  Street,  Wentworth 
Street,  and  the  low  by-streets  in  Spital- 
fields,  and  in  the  lowest  slums  and  by- 
streets about  the  New  Cut,  Drury  Lane, 
AVestminster,  and  other  low  localities,  with 
dirty,  low  fellows,  dock-labourers,  brick- 
layers' labourers,  and  labourers  at  the 
workyards  and  wharfs. 

They  are  in  general  too  ugly  to  come  out 
during  the  day  with  their  unwashed  slat- 
ternly dress,  and  in  the  evenings  are  often 
seen  prowling  as  cadgers  about  the  streets, 
and  even  in  the  dead  of  night  waylaying 
and  plundering  drunken  men ;  sometimes 
sneaking  about  alone,  at  other  times  two 
in  company,  and  occasionally  with  a  young 
simple  •  girl  by  their  side  to  screen  their 
villainy. 

They  often  resort  to  prostitution  in  the 
dark  by-streets  and  courts  with  the  boys 
and  men  who  resort  to  them,  which  is 
seldom  or  never  done  by  the  younger  girls, 
except  by  a  few  outcast  or  debased  crea- 
tures among  them,  who  might  justly  be 
comprised  in  the  lowest  class. 

We  now  have  to  notice  the  "picking- 
up"  women,  who  generally  cohabit  with 
pickpockets,  burglars,  clerks,  shopmen,  and 
others.  Their  object  is  to  get  liquor  and 
money  from  persons  as  though  they  were 
prostitutes,  without  resorting  to  prosti- 
tution. For  example,  we  see  two  well- 
dressed  young  women  in  the  attire  of 
milliners  or  dressmakers  proceeding  along 
the  City  Road  in  the  direction  of  the  Angel 
tavern,  Islington.  They  see  a  gentleman 
pass,  and  cast  a  wistful  look  at  him.  He 
returns  the  glance.  They  walk  on  a  short 
distance,  and  look  round.  The  gentleman 
in  many  cases  turns  round  likewise.  He 
will  then  get  a  nod  or  bow  from  one  of 
them.  They  will  walk  slowly,  and  look 
round  again.  On  his  going  up  to  them, 
they  will  enter  into  conversation.  They 
ask  the  gentleman  to  treat  them,  if  he 
should  not  first  offer  to  do  so.  They 
will  then  proceed  to  a  gin-palace,  where  he 
will  give  them  possibly  a  glass  of  wine. 
He  will  ask  one  of  them  where  she  lives. 
She  will  perhaps  reply :  "  I  am  afraid  to 
tell  you.  If  you  were  to  come  to  my  house, 
it  might  come  to  the  knowledge  of  my  hus- 
band, and  he  would  nearly  kill  me  ;"  adding 

1  don't    mind  seeing  you  again,  and  we 


will  then  get  better  acquainted ! "  Ulti- 
mately it  may  be  arranged  to  go  to  some 
place  which  she  has  chanced  to  know,  for 
the  purpose  of  prostitution,  leaving  the 
other  young  woman  to  wait  for  her  out- 
side. The  gentleman  will  then  possibly 
give  a  sum  of  money.  She  will  either  say 
it  is  not  sufficient,  and  will  not  allow  him 
to  have  connection  with  her,  or  she  may 
say  she  cannot  allow  him  for  certain 
reasons  ;  or  she  may  make  an  excuse  that 
she  requires  to  go  down-stairs  on  a  press- 
ing errand  for  a  moment,  or  to  speak  to 
the  landlady,  when  she  decamps.  Some- 
times robbing  him  of  his  watch,  or  purse, 
in  addition  to  the  sum  he  gave  her. 

If  he  should  raise  an  alarm  the  occupier 
of  the  house  will  request  him  to  give  her  a 
sum  of  money  for  the  use  of  the  room,  and 
if  there  is  any  objection  made  to  pay  it,  he 
receives  ill-treatment  and  is  turned  into  the 
street. 

On  other  occasions  a  young  woman  will 
pretend  she  is  unmariied,  and  will,  in  a 
similar  ingenious  way,  endeavour  to  get 
money  from  parties  she  meets  in  the 
street,  and  try  to  escape  in  a  similar  way, 
without  allowing  him  to  have  connection 
with  her.  She  frequently  manages  to  steal 
his  v/atch  and  to  rifle  his  pockets  while  he 
may  be  off  his  guard. 

The  object  of  these  women  is  to  get  the 
wages  of  prostitution  and  an  opportunity 
of  stealing,  without  incurring  the  anger  of 
their  paramour  by  prostituting  their  bodies 
to  other  men.  It  happens  occasionally  they 
are  outwitted,  as  their  schemes  are  begin- 
ning to  be  x^retty  well  known.  Their  pre- 
texts are  sometimes  evaded,  and  cases 
occur  where  they  yield  to  prostitution 
rather  than  give  back  the  money  they  have 
received,  which  classes  them  among  prosti- 
tutes and  thieves.  Some  women  resort  to 
this  as  a  shift  in  case  of  necessity,  while 
others  pursue  it  as.  a  mode  of  livelihood  in 
different  localities  of  London. 

These  persons  are  to  be  found  over  the 
chief  districts  of  the  metropolis ;  miserable, 
poorly-dressed  females,  as  well  as  respect- 
able-looking young  women.  Some  of  the 
poorer  sort  are  to  be  found  about  Shore- 
ditch,  Whitechapel,  Lambeth,  and  the 
Borough.  Others  of  the  better  sort,  in 
appearance,  are  to  be  met  with  in  the  City 
Road,  New  North  Road,  King  s  Cross,  and 
Paddmgton. 

Hired  Prostitutes. — There  are  a  number 
of  female  prostitutes  kept  by  Jewesses  and 
English  women  of  low  character.  These 
girls  are  dressed  in  good  style,  in  silks  and 
light  musHn  and  cotton  dresses,  with  their 


562 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


hair  put  up  in  ringlets  or  in  fancy  nets. 
They  are  niostlj''  from  seventeen  to  twenty- 
two  years  of  age,  some  younger  and  others 
older,  some  with  false  hair  and  ringlets. 
The  brothels  we  refer  to  are  chiefly  about 
the  West-end.  There  is  often  a  cigar-shop 
attached  to  them,  and  the  best  looking 
girls  are  generally  found  standhig  by  the 
doors,  or  ogling  through  the  windows  to 
decoy  the  j)a,ssers-by  into  their  infamous 
dens.  Some  of  these  girls  have  been 
prostitutes  from  their  girlhood,  and  belong 
to  the  lowest  class  in  society,  their  mothers 
having  been  prostitutes  before  them.  Seve- 
ral have  been  in  these  houses  for  a  con- 
siderable number  of  years,  who  have  kept 
their  appearance  better  than  other  prosti- 
tutes who  have  had  a  more  changeable  and 
precarious  mode  of  livelihood.  Strange  to 
say,  some  look  nearly  as  young  and  as 
fresh  as  they  did  ten  years  ago. 

You  seldom  see  the  old  execrable  hags 
who  keep  these  houses  loitering  about  the 
doors  or  standing  at  the  windows.  They 
generally  keep  out  of  sight,  but  are  some- 
times to  be  seen  peering  through  the  edge 
of  the  window- blinds,  which  are  generally- 
drawn  down,  in  the  first  floor  above ;  or  you 
may  occasionally  see  them  in  the  back 
parlour,  skulking  about.  They  are  often 
very  stout,  and  look  like  matrons  in  the 
maturity  of  life.  They  take  gentlemen  into 
their  houses  during  the  day  as  well  as  during 
the  evening,  but  mostly  in  the  evening. 

The  girls  are  then  dressed  in  gaudy 
finery,  with  shining  head-dresses  and  jew^el- 
lery  glittering  on  their  breast  over  their 
light  dresses.  Yet  there  is  a  low  vulgarity 
in  their  appearance  which  repels  and  dis- 
gusts ;  th.ey  look,  in  many  cases,  so  sensual 
and  debased.  They  use  no  art  to  conceal 
the  life  they  are  leading,  as  some  other 
prostitutes  do,  who  try  so  far  to  screen  the 
baseness  of  their  profligacy. 

They  generally  keep  old  female  servants 
they  call  "slaveys"  to  do  the  drudgery 
work  of  the  house.  These  degraded  women 
live  in  the  house  with  them,  wash  their 
clothes,  get  their  meals  ready,  clean  their 
boots,  brush  their  clothes,  run  errands  for 
them  out  of  doors,  and  show  gentlemen 
into  the  bed-rooms. 

There  is  often  a  man  in  these  brothels, 
a  paramour  of  the  old  bawd,  who  is  a  loafer 
about  the  house,  and  is  occasionally  em- 
ployed to  act  as  a  bully.  These  men  arc 
in  general  rough-looking  men,  dressed  in 
black  shabby  clothes,  and  in  many  cases 
look  more  degraded  than  common  thieves. 
Some  are  dissipated  and  pale,  others  are 
bloated,  their  faces  covered  with  pimjiles 
and  blotches. 


As  we  pass  along  Wych  Street,  Strand, 
in  the  dark  evenings,  we  see  several  of  the 
brothels  we  refer  to.  There  the  cigar  shops 
are  lit  up,  and  tlie  girls  are  arrayed  in  their 
best  attire,  and  beaming  their  most  inviting 
smiles  to  entrap  the  unwary.  We  may  see 
brilliant  lights  in  the  rooms  on  the  flat 
above  through  chinks  in  the  shutters  and 
blinds,  where  orgies  are  nightly  transacted 
too  gross  and  disgusting  to  mention. 

Brothels  of  the  same  kind  are  to  be  found 
in  Exeter  Street  andChandos  Street,  (Strand, 
and  other  localities  of  the  metropolis. 

Those  girls  occasionally  walk  the  Strand 
and  Holborn  to  decoy  gentlemen  into  their 
dwellings.  The}'  generally  belong  to  the 
third  class  of  prostitutes  and  the  lowest 
class  of  society.  Some  may  have  come 
down  through  dissipation  from  the  second 
class,  and  have  formerly  been  in  better  po- 
sitions. They  do  not  steal  from  persons 
when  sober,  as  they  could  be  so  easily  de- 
tected, and  as  this  would  injure  the  brothel ; 
but  they  occasionally  pilfer  from  drunken 
men,  where  they  are  able  to  do  it  with  im- 
punity. Some  of  them  occasionally  get  as 
much  money  as  many  of  the  more  genteel 
girls  in  the  Haymarl:et. 

They  never  take  clothes  from  the  gentle- 
men wdio  enter  their  houses,  but  occasion- 
ally give  him  rough  treatment  should  he 
enter  their  house  without  plenty  of  money 
in  his  purse. 

They  chiefly  confine  their  pilfering  de- 
predations to  drunken  men.  As  they  walk 
in  the  evenings  along  the  crowded  thorough- 
fares lighted  up  by  the  street  lamps,  and 
the  bright  illuD:iination  of  the  shop  win- 
dows, the  "  slaveys  "  walk  frequently  at  a 
short  distance  behind  them,  to  see  that  the)'- 
do  not  receive  gentlemen  without  the 
knowledge  of  the  keepers  of  the  brothel, 
and  to  watch  that  they  do  not  run  away 
with  the  clothes.  The  slavey's  are  paid 
something  additional  for  every  gentleman 
the  girls  go  with,  which  stimulates  them  to 
look  better  after  them,  and  promotes  the 
selfish  ends  of  the  execrable  old  bawd  who 
hires  them. 

Park  Women. — There  are  three  kinds  of 
women  who  usually  resort  to  the  j^arks. 
We  find  numbers  of  kept  women  of  the 
highest  class  maintained  by  persons  in  high 
life,  such  as  have  been  governesses,  ladies- 
maids,  and  the  daughters  of  respectable 
tradesmen  and  others,  promenading  in 
Hyde  Park.  They  live  in  fashionable  style 
at  Brompton  and  other  localities.  In  sum- 
mer they  come  to  the  park  about  half-past 
five  or  six  in  the  afternoon.  There  are 
not  so  many  in  the  winter  time,  when  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


3g: 


season  is  cold,  and  the  landscape  faded. 
While  gentlemen  and  ladies  are  taking 
their  evening's  ride,  these  ladies  often  walk 
along  Eotten  Row  as  far  as  Kensington 
Gardens,  and  frequently  have  a  little  pet 
dog,  with  a  ribbon  or  string  attached  to 
it. 

These  females  are  dressed  in  the  most 
fashionable  and  expensive  style,  in  silk 
and  satin  dresses,  with  expensive  shawls, 
mantles,  or  paletots,  and  have  light  muslin 
dresses  in  summer.  On  such  occasions 
there  are  great  numbers  of  fashionable 
gentlemen  riding  on  horseback  and  walking 
along  the  side  of  the  drive. 

There  are  a  great  many  seats  placed  on 
the  grass  at  Eotten  Kow  in  the  summer, 
where  these  ladies  sit  and  talk  with  gentle- 
men. They  are  generally  from  eighteen  to 
twenty-four  years  of  age,  in  the  full  bloom 
of  life  and  beauty.  The  gentlemen  consist 
of  blooming  youths  and  old  tottering  gal- 
lants of  sixty,  civilians  and  military,  pro- 
fessional men,  gentry,  and  nobility. 

These  ladies  sit  chatting  together  with 
hundreds  of  people  seated  around  them  in 
this  gay  promenade.  Many  assignations 
are  thus  made  as  to  when  and  where  to 
meet.  They  are  sometimes  seated  close  by 
the  Serpentine  under  the  trees  in  the  dusk 
of  the  summer  evenings,  and  middle-aged 
gentlemen — sometimes  elderly — often  come 
and  meet  them,  and  sit  and  converse  be- 
side them  under  the  starlit  gloom  of  the 
park,  with  few  persons  near  them. 

There  is  another  class  of  females  who 
visit  the  parks,  consisting  of  servants  and 
the  daughters  of  labouring  men  and  poor 
mechanics.  In  general,  they  are  poorly 
educated,  but  respectably  dressed,  and  be- 
long, according  to  our  classification,  to  the 
third  class  of  prostitutes.  They  generally 
come  out  in  the  evening  for  the  purpose  of 
prostitution.  Many  of  them  are  fresh- 
looking,  averaging  in  age  from  fifteen  to 
twenty-five,  and  are  to  be  found  all  over 
the  park,  chiefly  from  Stanhope  Gate  to 
Victoria  Gate,  where  they  sit  on  the  seats 
with  men  of  respectable  appearance — 
tradesmen  and  others.  These  females  often 
use  indecent  liberties  with  gentlemen  with- 
out having  connexion  with  them.  This  is 
done  in  the  evening  from  dusk  up  to  the 
time  of  shutting  the  park,  and  during  this 
sensual  excitement  robberies  are  frequently 
effected  by  the  women  of  purses,  watches, 
pins,  and  other  property.  Information  is 
sometimes  given  to  the  jaohce,  but  these 
felonies  are  often  concealed  by  the  persons 
plundered,  as  they  are  ashamed  to  make  it 
known.  Many  of  these  dupes  are  married 
men,  who  would  be  sadly  disgraced  were 


the  news  to  come  to  the  ears  of  their  wives 
and  families. 

A  third  class  of  females  who  attend  the 
parks  are  the  lowest  old  prostitutes,  dissi- 
pated, debased  wretches,  from  twenty-five 
to  fifty  years  of  age.  They  generally  fre- 
quent the  Lovers'  Walk,  from  Grosvenor 
Gate  to  the  statue  of  Achilles,  and  aie  to 
be  seen  in  other  parts  of  the  park  near  the 
Marble  Arch. 

They  are  miserably  dressed,  many  of  them 
having  barely  rags  to  cover  their  wretched- 
ness. They  are  utterly  shameless  in  their 
habits.  We  find  them  dressed  in  a  dirty 
cotton  gown,  nearly  black,  an  old  faded 
ragged  shawl  and  tattered  old  boots,  with 
scarcely  a  sole  to  them.  Some  are  blotched 
in  appearance;  others  are  pale,  shrivelled, 
and  haggard,  miserable  spectacles. 

They  may  sometimes  be  seen  sitting  on 
the  settles  in  the  parks  from  dusk  till  the 
time  of  closing  the  gates  of  the  j^ark. 
These  women  indulge  in  the  same  obscene 
practices  as  the  girls  we  have  already  men- 
tioned, with  a  lower  class  c  f  people,  such 
as  gentleraen's  servants,  labouring  men, 
and  low  mechanics,  and  sometimes  have 
connexion  v/ith  them  in  the  j)ark.  On 
such  occasions,  these  filthy  hags  are  busy 
rifling  the  pockets  of  their  victims. 

Soldierfi'  Women. — There  is  only  one  class 
of  prostitutes  termed  soldiers'  women, 
who  live  in  Westminster.  They  chiefly 
reside  in  the  courts  leading  out  of  Orchard 
Street,  St.  Ann  Street,  Old  Pye  Street, 
New  Pye  Street,  Castle  Lane,  Gardener's 
Lane,  York  Street,  and  Blue  Anchor  Yard. 
They  are  from  sixteen  to  thirty  years  of  age, 
and  several  even  older.  Some  have  been 
in  the  streets  for  seventeen  years  and  up- 
wards. They  live  in  the  greatest  poverty, 
covered  with  rags  and  filth,  and  many  of 
them  covered  with  horrid  sores,  and  erup- 
tions on  their  body,  arms,  and  legs,  jjresent- 
ing  in  many  cases  a  revolting  appearance. 
Many  of  them  have  not  the  delicacy  of 
females,  and  live  as  pigs  in  a  sty.  This  is 
not  exaggeration.  On  the  ofiicers  of  police 
entering  their  houses,  they  often  find  them 
in  a  state  of  nudity.  They  have  no  feeling 
of  shame,  and  conduct  themselves  v>ith  the 
greatest  indifference.  Two  of  them  gene- 
rally occupy  a  room.  They  often  take  two 
other  lodgers  into  their  room,  and  lie  on 
the  floor.  Their  furniture  consists  of  an 
old  deal  table,  one  or  two  old  rickety 
chairs,  a  few  broken  cups  and  saucers,  a 
wooden  table,  a  wash-hand  basin  and 
chamber  utensil,  and  an  old  sha.ttered  bed- 
stead with  scarcely  any  bedding.  These 
rooms — generally  about  ten   feet  square — 


3G4 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ai-e  let  under  the  uame  of  furnished  apart- 
ments, and  there  is  generally  a  deputy  em- 
ployed to  collect  the  rents  of  the  house. 
These  girls  pay  on  an  average  3s.  6d.  or  4s. 
of  weekly  rent.  Many  of  them  pay  8d.  or 
lOd.  for  the  room  per  day,  as  the  landladies 
do  not  trust  them  a  week's  rent.  They 
often  come  home  drunk  about  twelve  or 
one  o'clock  at  midnight. 

They  generally  get  up  in  the  morning 
about  eight  or  nine  o'clock.  If  they  have 
any  coppers  they  get  in  something  to  eat. 
Food  is  seldom  seen  in  their  cupboards,  as 
they  generally  have  only  enough  for  the 
occasion.  After  they  have  had  their  break- 
fast— a  cup  of  tea  or  coffee  and  bread — 
they  chat  with  each  other  over  the  past 
night's  adventures,  and  pass  the  time  till 
evening. 

In  the  middle  of  the  day  they  sometimes 
wash  their  skirt,  the  only  decent  garment 
many  of  them  have — their  under  clothing 
being  a  tissue  of  rags — starch  and  iron  it, 
and  get  it  ready  towards  the  evening,  when 
they  wash  themselves  and  sally  forth  again. 

In  the  evening,  most  of  them  go  to  some 
low  pubHc-house,  and  sit  in  company  with 
soldiers,  who  drink  and  carouse  with  them. 
The  soldiers  who  sit  with  them  generally 
belong  to  the  Foot  Guards,  Scots  Fusileers, 
Coldstream,  and  Grenadier  Guards. 

The  Life  Guardsmen  do  not  generally 
associate  with  this  class.  If  a  stray  soldier 
of  the  line  in  other  regiments  should 
happen  to  come  on  a  furlough  to  this 
district,  some  of  the  prostitutes  decoy  him 
to  their  house,  and  get  money  from  him 
professedly  for  prostitution.  They  slip  out 
of  the  room  while  he  is  asleep  in  bed,  and 
soend  the  money  they  have  got  with  the 
Foot  Guards.  .Sometimes  they  bring  one 
of  the  Foot  Guards  to  bully  him  out  of  the 
room.  They  treat  civihans  in  a  similar 
manner. 

Some  of  them  dress  and  go  out  and  walk 
with  the  soldiers  during  the  day,  but  this 
is  seldom.  In  general  they  do  not  go  out 
till  the  evening  at  dusk. 

In  some  instances  the  soldiers  remain 
absent  in  the  evening,  and  manage  to  avoid 
the  patrols,  and  stop  carousing  with  these 
girls  till  the  public-houses  close  at  four 
o'clock  in  the  morning,  when  they  go  with 
these  prostitutes  to  their  dens,  nnd  often 
remain  the  whole  of  next  day — sometimes 
remaining  for  a  fortnight  with  them. 

Some  of  these  females  are  young,  strong, 
healthy  girls  rr,  When  they  have  been  for 
some  years  in  this  mode  of  life,  they  become 
dissipated  in  appearance,  and  their  consti- 
tution is  often  broken  up  by  their  irregular 
wild  life.     The  younger  girls  keep  them- 


selves more  reserved  for  a  time,  but  the 
bad  example  of  the  others  very  soon  induces 
them  to  abandon  themselves  to  all  kinds  of 
dissipation. 

If  a  young  woman  is  so  unfortunate  as  to 
come  among  them  and  to  keep  herself 
reserved,  the  others  bully  her  out  of  it, 
unless  she  go  to  the  same  excess  of  dissipa- 
tion as  themselves. 

Their  mode  of  stealing  is  to  get  people 
to  their  houses,  where  they  plunder  them. 
A  sober  man  seldom  thinks  of  going  to 
their  infamous  abodes.  In  most  cases  the 
persons  who  go  are  the  worse  for  liquor. 
On  their  way  home  they  go  into  a  public- 
house  with  the  girls,  after  which  they 
accompany  them  to  their  room,  where  they 
get  some  more  liquor. 

The  companions  of  a  girl  may  see  her 
coming  home  with  a  man,  and  may  sup- 
pose him,  from  his  appearance,  to  have 
money.  They  come  into  the  house,  and 
get  a  portion  of  the  drink.  In  some  in- 
stances the  drunken  person  gives  the 
woman  money  to  go  out  for  drink,  when 
she  decamps,  and  gets  some  of  the  prosti- 
tutes in  the  adjoining  room  to  bully  him 
out  of  the  place.  In  other  instances  the 
girls  wait  their  time  till  he  goes  to  sleep, 
when  they  plunder  him. 

There  are  seldom  fastenings  on  their 
doors,  which  are  never  locked.  There  is 
an  understanding  between  parties  in  the 
same  house,  and  some  persons  in  the  ad- 
joining rooms  enter  while  the  man  is  in  bed, 
and  carry  away  his  clothes  and  money. 
He  cannot  accuse  the  girl  in  the  room,  as 
she  is  lying  in  bed  beside  him. 

In  some  cases  the  girl  disappears  during 
the  night,  and  leaves  the  man  naked  in  the 
room.  She  may  remove  to  some  other 
neighbourhood  if  the  booty  is  of  value, 
and  live  in  some  other  part  of  Westminster. 
The  dupe  is  seldom  or  never  able  to  identify 
her,  as  he  may  have  been  mlich  the  worse 
for  liquor  while  in  her  company. 

These  prostitutes  chiefly  look  out  for 
drunken  men,  whom  they  decoy  to  their 
houses,  and  afterwards  plunder.  They 
prowl  along  Parliament  Street  and  "White- 
hall Place,  and  other  streets  in  the  vicinity. 
A  great  number  of  them  go  as  far  as 
Knightsbridge,  where  there  are  concert 
rooms.  They  loiter  about  these  localities  till 
these  places  close,  and  are  to  be  seen  about 
the  doors  of  those  public-houses  where 
persons  resort  after  leaving  the  concert 
rooms.  When  they  pick  up  a  drunken 
man  they  bring  him  home  in  the  manner 
already  described. 

Many  of  these  girls  come  from  different 
parts   of  the  country,  and  have  formerly 


LONDON  ijABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


365 


been  servants  m  town.  A  good  number 
liave  been  orphans  left  without  friends,  and 
have  been  basely  seduced.  The  relatives 
of  some  have  taken  them  home  into  the 
provinces,  but  they  have  come  back  again 
to  London. 

The  police  constables  often  find  as  many 
as  four  girls  in  one  small  room  at  night — 
two  lying  on  a  miserable  bed,  and  two 
lying  on  the  hard  floor,  with  scarcely  any 
covering  but  their  petticoat  thrown  over 
them.  Two  soldiers  are  frequently  found 
lying  in  the  room  with  them,  or  one  is  seen 
lying  between  two  girls. 

It  is  surprising  that  any  soldiers,  how- 
ever poor,  who  have  an  ordinary  regard  to 
decency,  should  lie  down  among  such  heaps 
of  filthy  rags  ;  far  less  should  we  expect 
j  such  base  and  unmanly  conduct  from  the 
I  Queen's  Foot  Guards,  when  we  look  to  the 
I  fine  appearance  and  manly  bearing  of  many 
!  of  them  on  parade.  It  kindles  our  indigna- 
I  tion  when  we  learn  that  not  a  few  of  those 
I  poor  degraded  females  were  formerly  in  the 
I  service   of  respectable   families,  and  were 
i  there  seduced  and  driven  to  open  prostitu- 
I  tion  by  some  of  these  unprincipled  soldiers, 
who  still  add  to  their  villainy  the  despicable 
crime  of  basely  plundering  the  poor  girls 
they  have  ruined  of  the  wretched  earnings 
of  their  dishonour  and  crime. 

To  the  honour  of  the  regiments  of  Foot 

Guards,  we  are   happy  to   say   there   are 

many   noble   and   excellent  men   in   their 

ranks,  who  reflect  high  credit  on  our  army 

by  their  exemplary  character,  and  who  are 

as  benevolent  in  heart  as  they  are  brave  on 

I  the  battle-field.     Some  of  these  go  to  the 

}  other  side  of  the  street  to  avoid  meeting 

j  with  their  fellow-soldiers  when  associated 

I  with  degraded  women.  The  others  we  refer 

I  to  are  heartless  ruffians  in  their  conduct, 

and  a  disgi-ace  to  the  British  service. 

j  Sailors^  Women. — There  are  two  classes  of 
I  prostitutes  termed  sailors'  women  to  be 
I  found  in  Eatcliff  Highway,  near  the  Lon- 
j  don  Docks,  at  the  east  end  of  the  metro- 
j  polls.  These  belong  to  the  third  and  fourth 
I  classes  in  our  classification  of  the  prosti- 
!  tutes  of  London. 

The  better  of  the  two  classes  are  gene- 
rally composed  of  younger  and  more  re- 
spectable-looking girls,  most  of  them  re- 
siding in  the  neighbourhood,  others  coming 
from  a  distance.  The  generality  of  them 
reside  in  the  Highway  and  in  Palmer's 
Folly,  Albert  Square,  Albert  Street,  Seven 
Star  Alley,  and  other  adjacent  streets  and 
alleys.  A  few  strange  girls  come  occa- 
sionally from  the  Surrey  side,  such  as  Kent 
Street  and  other  localities  in  the  Borough, 


and  remain  for  a  few  days  only,  as  they 
may  have  committed  some  depredation  in 
their  own  district,  and  wish  to  be  away  for 
a  short  time  from  the  surveillance  of  the 
police.  In  like  manner  some  of  the  girls 
residing  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Ratchft' 
Highway,  when  they  have  plundered  a 
sailor,  leave  the  locality  for  a  short  time, 
till  the  ship  to  v;hich  he  belonged  has  set 
sail,  when  they  return  again.  There  are  a 
number  of  very  good-looking  girls  of  this 
class,  most  of  them  Irish  cockneys.  There 
are  also  a  few  German  and  Dutch  prosti- 
tutes who  frequent  the  Highway  who  live 
in  Albert  Street.  These  foreign  girls  do  not 
have  bullies  or  fancy  men.  Some  of  them 
are  good  looking,  and  some  are  not.  They 
generally  frequent  the  German  and  Dutch 
music  and  dancing  saloons  in  Eatcliff 
Highway.  Both  of  them  attend  the  public- 
house  with  the  Swedish  flag.  This  class  of 
girls  frequents  the  various  saloons  in  the 
Highway.  They  do  not  generally  steal 
money  or  watches  when  they  are  well  paid, 
and  but  few  steal  the  sailor's  clothes. 

They  dress  tolerably  well,  in  silk  and 
merino  gowns  with  crinolines,  and  bonnets 
gaily  attired  with  flowers  and  ribbons. 
Many  of  them  have  velvet  stripes  across 
the  breast  and  back  of  their  gowns,  and 
large  brooches  with  the  portrait  of  a  sailor 
encased  in  them.  They  generally  lay  their 
hair  back  in  front  in  the  French  style. 

Some  of  them  have  fancy  men,  and  others 
have  not.  Their  fancy  men  in  many  cases 
are  watermen,  but  being  lazy  in  inclination 
they  hang  about  as  loafers,  and  live  on  the 
prostitution  and  crime  of  the  girls  they 
cohabit  with.  These  females  take  their 
dupes  to  their  own  houses  or  into  low 
coffee-houses  and  brothels,  or  other  houses 
of  accommodation.  Some  of  them  allow 
the  sailors  to  have  connexion  wuth  them  ; 
others  who  cohabit  with  watermen  and 
others,  pretend  to  be  prostitutes,  and  allow 
men  to  take  indecent  liberties  with  them, 
but  seldom  or  never  allow  them  to  proceed 
farther. 

There  is  another  class  of  prostitutes  to 
be  found  in  Ptatcliff  Highway,  more  dissi- 
pated and  abandoned  than  those  Ave  have 
noticed.  They  reside  in  or  near  Bhiegate 
Fields,  Angel  Gardens,  and  other  streets 
and  lanes  in  that  neighbourhood.  Many 
of  them  have  a  robust,  coarse,  masculine 
frame,  some  of  them  with  great  protruding 
breasts.  A  few  of  the  same  class  come 
from  a  distance,  followed  by  a  low,  brutal 
man.  The  latter  are  termed  "  cross-girls." 
They  pick  up  a  sailor,  take  him  into  some 
dark  by-street  as  if  for  the  purpose  of  j)ros- 
titution,  get  all  the  money  they  can  from 


366 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


him,  and  seldom  allow  carnal  connexion. 
If  possible,  so  soon  as  they  have  effected 
their  purpose,  thev  run  away ;  this  is 
termed  "bilking." 

The  rough-looking  prostitutes  of  this 
class  seldom  attend  the  music  saloons,  as 
they  would  be  far  outshone  in  personal 
appearance  by  the  younger  girls  of  the 
other  class  referred  to.  We  see  them  late  I 
in  the  evening  skulking  about  the  dark 
lanes,  or  patrolling  the  streets,  on  the 
watch  for  drunken  sailors,  whom  they  take 
into  low  coffee-houses  and  beer-shops,  and 
sometimes  drug  by  putting  snuff,  or  other 
ingredients — sometimes  laudanum — in  his 
liquor.  They  look  out  for  north  country 
sea-captains  and  sailors  just  come  ashore, 
and  sometimes  visit  their  ships  lying  in 
the  river,  at  King  James's  Stair,  Wapping, 
Eatcliff  Cross,  Horsefcrry,  Eegent's  Canal 
Dock,  Stone  Stairs,  or  New  Crane  Stairs, 
Shadwell. 

Some  of  these  brutal  women  have  bullies, 
convicted     thieves,    who    are    sometimes 


dressed  as  sailors  ;  some  of  them  are  river 
pirates,  and  from  their  childhood  have  led 
a  criminal  life. 

The  average  age  of  these  prostitutes 
is  from-  twenty  to  thirty-four.  Many 
are  slovenly  dressed,  and  very  dissipated 
and  callous  in  appearance.  Some  of  them 
are  women  of  colour,  whom  we  have  seen 
brought  to  the  police  station  at  King 
Davids  Lane,  charged  with  plunderiug 
coloured  sailors  of  their  money  and  clothes. 

Number  of  felonies  in  the  metropo- 
litan districts,  by  prostitutes,  during 
1860 692 

Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City  .         .         102 


•94 


Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
the  metropolitan  districts       .         £2,651 
Ditto,  ditto,  in  the  City     .         .      323 

£2,974 


FELONIES  ON  THE  RIVER  THAMES. 


There  are  a  great  number  of  robberies  of 
various  descriptions  committed  on  the 
Thames  by  different  parties.  These  de- 
predations differ  in  value,  from  the  little 
ragged  mudlark  stealing  a  piece  of  rope  or 
a  few  handfuls  of  coals  from  a  barge,  to  the 
lighterman  carrying  off  bales  of  silk  several 
hundred  pounds  in  value.  When  we  look 
to  the  long  lines  of  shipping  along  each  side 
of  the  river,  and  the  crowds  of  barges  and 
steamers  that  daily  ply  along  its  bosom, 
and  the  dense  shipping  in  its  docks,  laden 
with  untold  wealth,  we  are  surprised  at  the 
comparatively  small  aggregate  amount  of 
these  felonies. 

The  Mudlarks. 

They  generally  consist  of  boys  and  girls, 
varying  in  age  from  eight  to  fourteen  or 
fifteen ;  with  some  persons  of  more  advanced 
years.  For  the  most  part  they  are  ragged, 
and  in  a  very  filthy  state,  and  are  a  peculiar 
class,  confined  to  the  river.  The  parents  of 
many  of  them  are  coalwhippers — Irish  cock- 
neys— employed  getting  coals  out  of  the 
ships,  and  their  mothers  frequently  sell 
fruit  in  the  street.  Their  practice  is  to 
get  between  the  barges,  and  one  of  them 
lifting  the  other  up  will  knock  lumps  of 
coal   into  the   mud,  v\'liich   the}'-  pick  up 


afterwards  ;  or  if  a  barge  is  ladened  with 
iron,  one  will  get  into  it  and  throw  iron 
out  to  the  other,  and  watch  an  opportunity 
to  carry  away  the  plunder  in  bags  to  the 
nearest  marine-storeshop. 

They  sell  the  coals  among  the  lowest 
class  of  people  for  a  few  halfpence.  The 
police  make  numerous  detections  of  these 
offences.  Some  of  the  mudlarks  receive 
a  short  term  of  imprisonment,  from  three 
weeks  to  a  month,  and  others  two  months 
with  three  years  in  a  reformatory.  Some 
of  them  are  old  women  of  the  lowest  grade, 
from  fifty  to  sixty,  who  occasionally  wade 
in  the  mud  up  to  the  knees.  One  of  them 
may  be  seen  beside  the  Thames  Police- 
office,  Wapping,  picking  up  coals  in  the  bed 
of  the  river,  who  appears  to  be  about  sixty- 
five  years  of  age.  She  is  a  robust  woman, 
dressed  in  an  old  cotton  gown,  with  an  old 
straw  bonnet  tied  round  with  a  handker- 
chief, and  wanders  about  without  shoes  and 
stockings.  This  person  has  never  been  in 
custody.  She  may  often  be  seen  walking 
tlirough  the  streets  in  the  neighbourhood 
with  a  bag  of  coals  on  her  head. 

In  the  neighbourhood  of  Blackfriars 
Bridge  clusters  of  mudlarks  of  various  ages 
may  be  seen  from  ten  to  fifty  years,  young 
girls  and  old  women,  as  well  as  boys. 

They  are  mostly  at  work  along  the  coal 


LONDON  LABOUR  ANT)  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


367 


wliarves  where  the  barges  are  lying  a- 
ground,  such  as  at  Shadwell  and  Wapping, 
along  Bankside,  Borough  ;  above  Waterloo 
Bridi^e,  and  from  the  Temple  down  to  St. 
Paul's  Wharf.  Some  of  them  pay  visits  to 
the  City  Gasworks,  and  steal  coke  and  coal 
from  their  barges,  where  the  police  have 
made  many  detections. 

As  soon  as  the  tide  is  out  they  make  their 
appearance,  and  remain  till  it  comes  in. 
Many  of  them  commence  their  career  with 
stealing  rope  or  coals  from  the  barges,  then 
proceed  to  take  copper  from  the  vessels, 
and  afterwards  go  down  into  the  cabins 
and  commit  piracy. 

These  mudlarks  are  generally  strong 
and  healthy,  though  their  clothes  are  in 
rags.  Their  fathers  are  robust  men.  By 
going  too  often  to  the  public-house  they 
keep  their  faujilies  in  destitution,  and  the 
mothers  of  the  poor  children  are  glad  to 
get  a  few  pence  in  whatever  way  they  can. 

Sweeping  Boys. 

This  class  of  boys  sail  about  the  river  in 
very  old  boats,  and  go  on  board  empty 
craft  with  the  pretext  of  sweeping  them. 
They  enter  barges  of  all  descri})tions,  laden 
with  coffee,  sugar,  rice,  raid  other  goods, 
and  steal  anything  they  can  lay  their  hands 
on,  often  abstracting  headfasts,  ropes, 
chains,  &c.  In  some  instances  they  cut  the 
bags  and  steal  the  contents,  and  dispose  of 
the  booty  to  marine-store-dealers.  They 
are  generally  very  ragged  and  wretched  in 
appearance,  and  if  pursued  take  to  the 
water  like  a  rat,  splashing  through  the 
nuid,  and  may  be  seen  doing  so  when 
chased  by  the  police.  In  general  they  are 
expert  swimmers.  Their  ages  range  from 
twelve  to  sixteen.  They  are  dressed  similar 
to  the  other  ragged  boys  over  the  metro- 
polis. The  fathers  of  most  of  them  are 
coalwhip})ers,  but  many  of  them  are  or- 
X)hans.  They  are  strong,  healthy  boys, 
and  some  of  them  sleep  in  empty  barges, 
others  in  low  lodging-houses  at  'M.  a  night. 
Some  live  in  empty  houses,  and  many  of 
them  have  not  had  a  shirt  on  for  six 
months,  and  their  rags  are  covered  with 
vermin. 

In  the  summer  many  sleep  in  open  barges, 
and  often  in  the  winter,  when  they  cover 
themselves  with  old  mats,  sacks,  or  tar- 
paulins. Their  bodies  are  inured  to  this 
inclement  life.  They  never  go  to  church, 
and  few  of  them  have  been  to  school. 

Two  little  boys  of  this  class,  the  one 
nine  and  the  other  eleven  years  of  age, 
lived  for  six  months  on  board  an  old  useless 
barge  at  Berinondsey,  and  for  other  five 


months  in  an  old  uninhabited  house,  and 
had  not  a  clean  shirt  on  during  all  that 
time.  At  night  they  covered  themselves 
with  old  mats  and  sacks,  their  clothes  being 
in  a  wretched  state.  Seeing  them  in  this 
neglected  condition,  an  inspector  of  police 
took  them  into  custody  and  brought  them 
before  a  magistrate,  with  the  view  to  get 
them  provided  for.  The  magistrate  sent 
them  to  the  workhouse  for  shelter. 

These  boys  are  of  the  same  class  with 
the  mudlarks  before  referred  to,  but  are 
generally  a  few  years  older. 

Sellers  of  Small  Wares. 

Felonies  are  occasionally  committed  by 
boys  who  go  on  board  vessels  with  baskets 
containing  combs,  knives,  laces,  &c.,  giving 
them  in  exchange  for  pieces  of  rope,  some- 
times getting  fat  and  bones  from  the  cooks. 
In  many  instances  the  owners  are  robbed 
])y  the  crew  giving  away  ropes  belonging 
to  the  ship  for  such  wares.  These  parties 
occasionally  pilfer  any  small  article  they 
see  lying  about  the  ship,  sometimes  carry- 
ing off  watches  when  they  have  an  oppor- 
tunity. They  generally  try  to  get  on  board 
foreign  vessels  about  to  sail,  so  that  when 
robberies  are  committed  the  parties  do  not 
remain  to  prosecute  them,  and  the  thieves 
are  consequently  discharged. 

They  are  generally  from  fourteen  to 
eighteen  years  of  age,  and  many  of  them 
reside  with  their  parents  in  Eosemary  Lane 
and  other  low  neighbourhoods  about  the 
East- end. 

This  is  a  peculiar  class  of  boys  who  con- 
fine their  attention  to  the  ships,  barges, 
and  coasting  vessels,  and  do  not  commit 
felonies  in  other  parts  of  the  metropolis. 

Labourers  on  Board  Ship,  &c. 

These  men  are  employed  to  discharge 
cargoes  on  board  steam  vessels  arriving 
from  the  coast,  and  also  foreign  vessels. 
They  are  frequently  detected  pilfering  by 
the  police,  and  secreting  about  their  clothes 
small  quantities  of  tallow,  coffee,  sugar, 
meat,  and  other  portable  goods.  These 
parties  abstract  articles  from  the  hold,  but 
do  not  go  down  into  the  cabins.  They  have 
ample  opportimity  of  breaking  open  some 
of  the  boxes  and  packages,  and  of  extracting 
part  of  the  contents.  x\s  they  have  no 
facility  to  get  large  quantities  on  shore, 
they  confine  themselves  to  petty  pilfering. 
Most  of  their  booty  is  kept  for  their  own 
consumption,  unless  they  succeed  in  carry- 
ing off  a  large  quantity,  which  rarely  occurs. 
In  these  cases  they  dispose  of  it  at  a  chand- 
ler's shop. 


368 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Dredgemen  or  Fishermen.  j 

These  are  men  who  are  in  the  habit  of 
coming  out  early  in  the  morning,  as  the  ] 
tide  may  suit,  for  the  purpose  of  dredging 
from  the  bed  of  the  river  coals  which  .are 
occasionally  spilled  in  weighing  when  being 
transferred  into  the  barges.  If  these  parties 
are  not  successful  in  getting  coals  thsre, 
they  invariably  go  alongside  of  a  leaded 
barge  and  carry  off  coals  and  throw  a 
quantity  of  mud  over  them,  to  make  it 
appear  as  if  they  had  got  them  from  the 
bed  of  the  river.  The  j^olice  have  made 
numerous  detections.  Some  have  been 
imprisoned,  and  others  have  been  trans- 
ported. The  same  class  of  men  go  along- 
side of  vessels  and  steal  the  copper  funnels 
and  ropes,  and  go  to  the  nearest  landing 
place  to  sell  them  to  marine -store-dealers, 
who  are  always  in  readiness  to  receive  any- 
thing brought  to  them.  The  doors  are 
readily  opened  to  them,  early  and  late. 

To  deceive  the  police  these  unprincipled 
dealers  have  carts  calhng  every  morning  at 
their  shops  to  take  away  the  metals  and 
other  goods  they  may  have  bought  during 
the  previous  day  and  night. 

Smuggling. 

Numerous  articles  of  contraband  goods 
are  smuggled  by  seamen  on  their  arrival 
from  foreign  ports,  such  as  tobacco,  liquors, 
shawls,  handkerchiefs,  &c. 

Several  years  ago  an  officer  in  the  Thames 
police  was  on  duty  at  five  in  the  morning. 
While  rowing  by  the  Tower  he  saw  in  the 
dusk  two  chimney  sweeps  in  a  boat  leaving 
a  steam  vessel,  having  with  them  two  bags 
of  soot.  He  boarded  the  boat  along  with 
two  officers,  and  asked  them  if  they  had 
anything  in  their  possession  liable  to  Cus- 
tom-house duty.  They  answered  they  had 
not.  Upon  searching  the  bags  of  soot  he 
found  several  packages  of  foreign  manufac- 
tured tobacco,  weighing  48lbs.  The  parties 
were  arrested  and  ^akeu  to  the  police  sta- 
tion, and  were  fined  100^.  each,  or  six 
months'  imprisonment.  Not  being  able  to 
pay  they,  were  imprisoned. 

These  two  sweeps  had  no  doubt  carried 
on  this  illegal  traffic  for  some  time,  being 
employed  on  the  arrival  of  the  boats  to 
clean  the  funnels  and  the  flues  of  the 
boilers. 

Some  time  ago  a  sailor  came  ashore  late 
at  night  at  the  Shad  well  Dock,  who  had 
just  arrived  from  America.  According  to 
the  usual  custom  he  was  searched,  when 
several  pounds  of  tobacco  were  found  con- 
cealed about  his  person.     He  was  tried  at 


the  police  court,  and  sentencea  to  pay  a 
small  fine. 

In  July,  185S,  about  midnight,  a  police 
constable  was  passing  East  Lane,  Bermond- 
sey,  when  he  saw  a  bag  at  the  top  of  a 
street,  containing  something  rather  bulky, 
which  aroused  his  suspicions.  On  proceed- 
ing farther  he  saw  a  man  carrying  another 
bag  up  the  street  from  a  boat  in  the  river. 
He  got  the  assistance  of  another  constable, 
and  apprehended  the  man  carrying  the 
bag,  and  also  the  waterman  that  conveyed 
it  ashore.  The  two  bags  were  found  to 
contain  229  lbs.  of  Cavendish  tobacco.  Both 
persons  were  detained  in  the  Thames 
police  station,  and  taken  before  a  magi- 
strate at  Southwark  police  court.  Prose- 
cution was  ordered  by  the  Board  of 
Customs,  and  both  were  fined  1001.  each, 
and  in  default  sentenced  to  six  raonths' 
imprisonment.  Being  unable  to  pay  the 
fine,  they  suffered  imprisonment. 

In  February,  1860,  information  was  given 
to  an  inspector  of  the  Thames  police  of  a 
smuggling  traffic  which  was  being  carried 
on  in  the  Shadwell  Basin,  London  Docks, 
from  an  American  vessel  named  the 
Amazon.  The  steward  was  in  the  practice 
of  carrying  the  tobacco  about  a  certain 
hour  in  the  morning  from  the  vessel 
through  a  private  gate  at  the  Shadwell 
Basin.  Vigilant  watch  was  kept  over  this 
gate  by  the  inspector,  with  the  assistance 
of  a  constable.  About  eight  o'clock  in  the 
morning  he  saw  a  man  coming  up  who 
ansYv^ered  the  description  given  him.  He 
followed  him  into  a  tobacconist's  shop  in 
King  David  Lane,  Shadwell.  The  officer 
on  going  in  saw  a  carpet  bag  handed  over 
the  counter.  He  seized  it,  and  brought 
the  man  with  him  to  the  police  station.  A 
communication  was  then  made  to  the 
Board  of  Customs,  who  sent  an  officer  to 
the  Thames  police  station.  On  making 
search  on  board  the  ship,  they  found  about 
two  cwt.  of  tobacco.  The  man  was  tried, 
and  sentenced  to  pay  a  fine  of  100/.,  or 
suffer  six  months'  im^jrisonment. 

Feloni?:s  by  Lightermen. 

Numerous  depredations  are  perpetrated 
by  lightermen,  employed  to  navigate  barges 
by  the  owners  of  various  steam-vessels  in 
the  river  or  in  the  docks,  and  are  uitrusted 
with  valuable  cargoes,  the  value  varying 
from  20/.  to  20,000/.  They  have  been 
assisted  in  these  robberies  by  persons  little 
suspected  by  the  public,  but  well  known  to 
the  police. 

They  have  got  cargoes  from  vessels  in 
the  wharves,  or  docks,  to  convey  for  trans- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


369 


shipment  and  delivery  along  different  parts 
of  the  river,  and  manage  on  their  way  to 
abstract  part  of  the  cargo  they  are  in 
charge  of.  Sometimes  these  robberies  are 
effected  on  the  way,  sometimes  when  they 
are  waiting  outside  the  dock  for  the  tide  to 
go  in.  When  they  have  not  such  articles 
on  board  their  own  barges,  tliey  remove 
cargoes  from  other  craft  while  the  crew 
may  be  on  shore  at  sujjper,  or  otherwise. 
Sometimes  they  carry  away  articles  about 
their  person,  such  as  tobacco,  brandy,  wine, 
opium,  tea,  &c. 

They  occasionally  steal  an  empty  barge, 
and  go  alongside  of  another  barge  as  if 
they  were  legally  employed  to  put  the  cargo 
into  another  craft,  and  turn  the  barge  into 
some  convenient  place,  where  they  may 
have  a  cart  or  van  in  readiness  to  remove 
the  property.  Sometimes  they  have  a  cab 
for  this  purpose.  Two  days  often  elapse 
before  the  police  get  information  of  these 
robberies. 

In  one  instance  a  barge  w^as  taken  up 
Bow  Creek,  with  about  twenty  bundles  of 
whalebone  and  twenty  bags  of  saltpetre, 
which  were  conveyed  away  in  a  van  to  the 
city.  The  police  traced  the  booty  to  a 
marine  store-dealer.  The  value  of  the  pro- 
perty was  400?.  Two  well-known  thieves 
were  tried  for  the  robbery,  but  were  ac- 
quitted. 

In  April,  1858,  Thomas  Turnbull  and 
Charles  Turnbull,  brothers,  both  lighter- 
men and  notorious  river  thieves,  were 
charged  with  a  robbery  from  two  barges  at 
Wapping.  Two  lightermen  were  in  charge 
of  two  barges  laden,  the  one  with  lac  dye, 
and  the  other  with  cases  of  wire,  near  to 
the  entrance  of  the  London  Docks.  These 
men  having  gone  on  shore  for  refreshment, 
the  two  thieves  rowed  an  empty  barge 
alongside  the  two  barges,  and  took  one 
chest  of  lac  dye  from  one  of  them,  and  a 
case  of  wire  card  from  the  other,  in  value 
about  25Z.  They  took  the  barge  with  the 
stolen  property  over  to  Kotherhithe,  and 
landed  at  the  Elephant  Stairs,  where  it  was 
conveyed  away  in  a  cart.  The  property 
was  never  recovered,  but  the  police,  after 
making  great  exertions,  got  sufficient  evi- 
dence to  convict  the  parties,  who  were 
sentenced  to  eighteen  months  each  at  the 
Central  Criminal  Court. 

These  unprincipled  lightermen  could  get 
a  good  livelihood  by  honest  labour,  varying 
from  30s.  to  21.  a  week  ;  but  they  are  dis- 
sipated and  idle  in  their  habits,  and  resort 
to  thieving.  They  often  spend  their  time 
in  dancing  and  concert-rooms,  and  are  to 
be  seen  at  the  Mahagony  Bar  at  Close 
Square  and  Paddy's  Goose,  EatclifFe  High- 


way. They  generally  cohabit  with  prosti- 
tutes. They  are  a  different  class  of  men 
from  the  tier-rangers,  or  river  pirates,  who 
also  live  with  prostitutes.  The  lighter- 
men's women  are  generally  smart  and  well- 
dressed,  and  do  not  belong  to  the  lowest 
order  as  those  of  the  tier-rangers  do.  The 
ages  of  this  class  of  thieves  generally  range 
from  twenty  to  thirty  years. 

The  Eiver  Pirates. 

This  cluss  of  robberies  is  committed 
among  the  shipping  on  both  sides  of  the 
river,  from  London  Bridge  to  Greenhithe, 
but  is  most  prevalent  from  London  Bridge 
to  the  entrance  of  the  West  India  Dock. 
The  depredations  are  committed  in  the 
docks  as  well  as  on  the  river,  but  not  so 
much  in  the  former,  as  they  are  better  pro- 
tected. Bobberies  in  the  docks  are  gene- 
rally done  in  the  daytime.  In  the  river, 
the  chief  object  the  thieves  have  in  view 
is  to  enter  the  vessel  at  midnight,  as  they 
know  that  when  vessels  arrive  the  seamen 
are  often  fatigued  and  worn  out,  and  they 
get  a  favourable  opportunity  of  getting 
on  board  and  stealing.  They  steal  from 
all  classes  of  vessels,  but  chiefly  from 
brigs  and  barges.  They  take  any  boat 
from  the  shore  and  go  on  board  the  vessels, 
as  if  they  were  seamen,  being  dressed  as 
watermen  and  seamen.  When  they  get  on 
board  they  go  to  the  cabin  or  forecastle. 
Their  chief  object  is  to  secure  wearing  ap- 
parel and  money.  Watches  are  often  to 
be  found  hanging  up  in  the  cabin,  and 
clothes  are  also  to  be  found  there.  In  the 
forecastle  the  clothes  are  generally  con- 
tained in  a  bag  hanging  up  by  the  side  or 
bow  of  the  shif).  After  they  have  effected 
their  purpose  they  row  ashore  and  turn  the 
boat  adrift. 

There  is  another  mode  of  stealing  they 
adopt.  They  get  on  board  the  ships  as  if 
they  belonged  to  some  of  them,  and  repre- 
sent they  belong  to  a  certain  ship  in  a  line 
of  vessels  commonly  called  a  "  tier."  They 
proceed  to  the  forecastle,  where  if  they 
find  no  one  moving  about,  they  go  down 
and  plunder.  If  they  are  seen  by  any  of 
the  crew  they  pretend  they  belong  to  some 
other  ship,  and  ask  if  this  ship  is  named  so 
and  so.  They  then  say  they  cannot  get  on 
board  their  own  ship,  and  wish  the  crew  to 
allow  them  to  remain  for  the  night. 

In  many  instances  the  stolen  property  is 
found  on  their  person,  such  as  coats,  vests, 
trousers,  boots,  &c.,  and  their  own  clothes 
are  left  behind.  They  are  generally  from 
eighteen  to  thirty  years  of  age,  and  are 
powerful  athletic  men. 


2  B 


370 


.ONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


These  robberies  are  greatly  on  the  de- 
crease, owing  to  the  vigilance  of  the  pohce. 

Several  years  ago  there  was  a  cry  of  po- 
lice between  twelve  and  two  o'clock  mid- 
night on  board  a  vessel  lying  in  Union  'J'ier, 
Wapping.  The  crew  of  a  police  galley  pro- 
ceeded to  the  spot,  and  ascertained  that 
two  thieves  had  been  on  board  a  vessel 
there,  and  had  concealed  themselves  some- 
where in  it,  or  in  the  barges  alongside. 
After  searching  some  time  they  discovered 
a  notorious  river  thief  in  one  of  the  barges. 
He  was  a  stout  made  man,  about  five  feet 
nine  inches  in  height,  and  twenty-two  years 
of  age.  A  desperate  struggle  ensued  be- 
tween him  and  the  police.  He  struck  the 
inspector  with  a  heavy  iron  bar  on  the 
back  a  very  severe  blow,  which  rendered 
him  henceforth  unfit  for  active  duty. 
The  pirate  resisted  with  great  desperation, 
and  defied  the  police  for  some  time. 

At  last  they  drew  their  cutlasses,  and 
succeeded  in  taking  him.  He  was  brought 
to  the  police  station,  convicted,  and  sen- 
tenced to  three  months'  imprisonment.  He 
was  afterwards  indicted  for  the  assault  on 
the  inspector,  and  sentenced  to  fifteen 
months'  hard  labour.  Since  that  time  he 
has  been  transported  twice  for  similar 
offences. 

A  few  years  since  several  river  pirates 
were  suspected  of  being  on  board  a  vessel 
at  Bermondsey,  where  they  had  stolen  a 
silver  watch  from  the  cabin.  One  of  the 
gang  was  detected  by  the  crew  of  the  vessel 
and  detained.  The  crew  shouted  out  for  the 
police,  when  three  of  their  pals  drew  up  to 
the  side  of  the  vessel  in  a  small  boat,  repre- 
senting themselves  to  be  policemen,  with 
numbers  chalked  on  their  coats.  The  cap- 
tain of  the  vessel  gave  the  man  into  their 
custody,  and  handed  over  the  watch  to  one 
of  them.  Next  morning  the  captain  went 
to  the  police-station  to  see  if  the  party  was 
there.  It  was  then  the  police  heard  of  the 
robbery,  when  it  was  found  the  supposed 
officers  and  the  thief  were  a  party  of  river 
pirates  who  had  infested  the  river  for  a 
long  time.  As  the  ship  was  just  setting 
sail. the  case  was  dropped. 

Some  time  ago  three  constables  went  on 
duty  at  midnight  in  consequence  of  a  num- 
ber of  midnight  robberies  having  been 
committed  all  over  the  river,  especially  at 
Deptford,  from  the  ships  lying  there.  They 
went  out  in  a  private  boat  in  plain  clothes. 
On  getting  to  Deptford  they  ^^roceeded  up 
the  creek.  After  remaining  there  in  the 
dusk  about  an  hour  they  heard  a  loud 
knocking,  and  suspected  that  some  one  was 
taking  the  copper  from  the  bottom  of  a 
vessel  lying  there. 


The  constables  drew  up  to  the  vessel 
with  their  boat,  and  found  two  men  with  a 
quantity  of  copper  in  a  boat,  with  chisels 
and  a  chopper  they  had  been  using.  They 
arrested  them,  and  were  coming  out  of  the 
creek  with  the  two  boats  when  they  dis- 
covered two  other  notorious  river  thieves 
climbing  down  the  chains  of  a  vessel  lying 
alongside  the  wharf.  They  had  been  down 
in  the  forecastle,  and  having  disturbed 
the  crew  were  making  their  escape  when 
the  ofl&cers  saw  them. 

The  officers  thereupon  made  for  the 
vessel,  and  succeeded  in  apprehending  them, 
and  took  them  into  their  boat  after  a  des- 
perate resistance. 

The  first  two  were  convicted  and  sen- 
tenced, one  to  three  months,  and  the  other 
to  six  months'  imprisonment,  and  the  latter 
were  sentenced  to  three  months  each  in 
Maidstone  gaol. 

The  Commissioners  of  Police  rewarded 
the  constables  with  a  gratuity  for  their 
vigilance  and  gallant  conduct. 

Many  of  these  tier-rangers  or  river  pirates 
have  a  ruffianly  appearance,  and  generally 
live  wdth  prostitutes,  on  both  sides  of  the 
river,  at  St.  George's,  Bluegate-fields,  the 
Borough,  and  Bermondsey. 

They  confine  themselves  to  robberies  on 
the  river,  and  are  frequently  transported  by 
the  time  they  are  thirty  years  of  age. 
Occasionally  a  returned  convict  comes  back 
for  a  time,  when  he  generally  resumes  his 
former  villanies,  and  is  again  sent  abroad. 

These  tier-rangers  in  most  cases  have 
sprung  from  the  ranks  of  the  mudlarks,  and 
step  by  step  have  advanced  further  in 
crime,  until  they  have  become  callous 
brutal  ruffians,  living  as  brigands  on  the 
sides  of  the  river. 

Number  of  felonies,  &c.,  on  the  river 
Thames  in  the  metropolitan  districts  for 
1860     -----    203 

Yalue  of  property  abstracted  there- 
by -  -  -  -  £712 


Narrative  of  a  Mudlark. 

The  following  narrative  was  given  us  by  a 
mudlark  we  found  on  a  float  on  the  river 
Thames  at  Millwall,  to  the  eastward  of 
Ratcliffe  Highway.  He  was  then  engaged, 
while  the  tide  was  in,  gathering  chips  of  I 
wood  in  an  old  basket.  We  went  to  the  | 
river  side  along  with  his  younger  brother,  a 
boy  of  about  eleven  years  of  age,  we  saw 
loitering  in  the  vicinity.  On  our  calHng 
to  him,  he  got  the  use  of  a  boat  lying  near, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  DOOIL 


371 


ami  came  toward  us  with  alacrity.  He 
was  an  Irish  lad  of  about  thirteen  years  of 
age,  strong  and  healthy  in  appearance,  with 
Irish  features  and  accent.  He  was  dressed 
in  a  brown  fustian  coat  and  vest,  dirty  greasy 
canvas  trousers  roughly-patched,  striped 
shirt  with  the  collar  folded  down,  and  a 
cap  with  a  peak. 

"  I  was  born  in  the  county  of  Kerry  in 
Ireland  in  the  year  1847,  and  am  now  about 
thirteen  years  of  age.  My  father  was  a 
ploughman,  and  then  lived  on  a  farm  in  the 
service  of  a  farmer,  but  now  works  at 
loading  ships  in  the  London  docks.  I  have 
three  brothers  and  one  sister.  Two  of  my 
brothers  are  older  than  I.  One  of  them  is 
about  sixteen,  and  the  other  about  eighteen 
years  of  age.  My  eldest  brother  is  a  sea- 
man on  board  a  screwship,  now  on  a  voy- 
age to  Hamburg  ;  and  the  other  is  a  seaman 
now  on  his  way  to  Naples.  My  youngest 
brother  you  saw  beside  me  at  the  river  side. 
My  sister  is  only  five  years  of  age,  and  was 
born  in  London.  The  rest  of  the  family 
were  all  born  in  Ireland.  Our  family 
came  to  London  about  seven  years  ago, 
since  which  time  my  father  has  worked 
at  the  London  Docks.  He  is  a  strong-bodied 
man  of  about  thirty-four  years  of  age.  I  was 
sent  to  school  along  with  my  elder  brothers 
for  about  three  years,  and  learned  reading, 
writing,  and  arithmetic.  I  was  able  to 
read  tolerably  well,  but  was  not  so  pro- 
ficient in  writing  and  arithmetic.  One  of 
my  brothers  has  been  about  three  years,  and 
the  other  about  five  years  at  sea. 

"About  two  years  ago  I  left  school,  and 
commenced  to  work  as  a  mudlark  on  the 
river,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Millwall, 
picking  up  pieces  of  coal  and  iron,  and 
copper,  and  bits  of  canvas  on  the  bed  of 
the  river,  or  of  wood  floating  on  the  surface. 
I  commenced  this  work  with  a  little  boy  of 
the  name  of  Fitzgerald.  When  the  barge- 
men heave  coals  to  be  carried  from  their 
barge  to  the  shore,  pieces  drop  into  the 
water  among  the  mud,  which  we  afterwards 
pick  up.  Sometimes  we  wade  in  the  mud 
to  the  ancle,  at  other  times  to  the  knee. 
Sometimes  pieces  of  coal  do  not  sink,  but 
remain  on  the  surface  of  the  mud  ;  at  other 
times  we  seek  for  them  with  our  hands  and 
feet. 

"  Sometimes  we  get  as  many  coals  about 
one  barge  as  sell  for  Qd.  On  other  occasions 
we  work  for  days,  and  only  get  perhaps  as 
much  as  sells  for  Qd.  The  most  I  ever 
gathered  in  one  day,  or  saw  any  of  my 
companions  gather,  was  about  a  shilling's 
worth.  We  generally  have  a  bag  or  a  basket 
to  put  the  articles  we  gather  into.  I  have 
sometimes  got  so  much  at  one  time,  that  it 


filled  my  basket  twice — before  the  tide 
went  back.  I  sell  the  coals  to  the  poor 
people  in  the  neighbourhood,  such  as  in 
Mary  Street  and  Charles  Street,  and  return 
again  and  fill  my  bag  or  basket  and  take 
them  home  or  sell  them  to  the  neighbours. 
I  generally  manage  to  get  as  manj'-  a  day 
as  sell  for  8c/. 

"  In  addition  to  this,  I  often  gather  a 
basket  of  wood  on  the  banks  of  the  river, 
consisting  of  small  pieces  chipped  off  planks 
to  build  the  ships  or  barges,  which  are 
carried  down  with  the  current  and  driven 
ashore.  Sometimes  I  gather  four  or  five 
baskets  of  these  in  a  day.  When  I  get  a 
small  quantity  they  are  always  taken 
home  to  my  mother.  When  successful  in 
finding  several  basketfuls,  I  generally  sell 
part  of  them  and  take  the  rest  home.  These 
chips  or  stray  pieces  of  wood  are  often 
lying  on  the  shore  or  among  the  mud,  or 
about  the  floating  logs  ;  and  at  other  times 
I  seize  pieces  of  wood  floating  down  the 
river  a  small  distance  off;  I  take  a  boat 
lying  near  and  row  out  to  the  spot  and 
pick  them  up.  In  this  way  I  sometimes 
get  pretty  large  beams  of  timber.  On  an 
average  I  get  Ad.  or  6:/.  a-day  by  finding 
and  selling  pieces  of  wood  ;  some  days  only 
making  2d.,  and  at  other  times  od.  We 
sell  the  wood  to  the  same  persons  who  buy 
the  coals. 

"  We  often  find  among  the  mud,  in  the 
bed  of  the  river,  pieces  of  iron ;  such  as 
rivets  out  of  ships,  and  what  is  termed 
washers  and  other  articles  cast  away  or 
dropped  in  the  iron-yards  in  building  shijDS 
and  barges.  We  get  these  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  Limehouse,  where  they  build  boats 
and  vessels.  I  generally  get  some  pieces  of 
iron  every  day,  which  sells  at  \d.  a  pound, 
and  often  make  Id.or  'id.  a-day,  sometimes 
3ri.,  at  other  times  only  a  farthing.  We  sell 
these  to  the  difierent  marine  store  dealers  in 
the  locality. 

"  We  occasionally  get  coj^per  outside 
Young's  dock.  Sometimes  it  is  new  and  at 
other  times  it  is  old.  It  is  cut  from  the 
side  of  the  ship  when  it  is  being  repaired, 
and  falls  down  into  the  mud.  When  the 
pieces  are  large  they  are  generally  picked 
up  by  the  workmen  ;  when  small  they  do 
not  put  themselves  to  the  trouble  of  picking 
them  up.  The  mudlarks  wade  into  the  bed 
of  the  river  and  gather  uj)  these  and  sell 
them  to  the  marine  store  dealer.  The  old 
copper  sells  at  l^d.  a  pound,  the  new  copper 
at  a  higher  price.  lonly  get  copper  occa- 
sionally, though  I  go  every  day  to  seek  for  it, 

"  Pieces  of  rope  are  occasionally  dropped 
or  thrown  overboard  from  the  ships  or 
barges  and  are  found  embedded  in  the  mud- 


2  B  2 


:;72 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


We  do  not  tind  much  of  this,  but  some- 
times get  small  pieces,  liope  is  sold  to  the 
marine  store  dealers  at  ^d.  a  pound.  We 
also  get  pieces  of  canvas,  which  sells  at  ^d. 
a  povmd.  I  have  on  some  occasions  got  as 
much  as  three  pounds. 

"  We  also  pick  up  pieces  of  fat  along  the 
river-side.  Sometimes  we  get  four  or  five 
pounds  and  sell  it  at  f  (/.  a  pound  at  the 
marine  stores  ;  these  are  thrown  overboard 
by  the  cooks  in  the  ships,  and  after  floating 
on  the  river  are  driven  on  shore. 

"  I  generally  rise  in  the  morning  at  six 
o'clock,  and  go  down  to  the  river-side  with 
my  youngest  brother  you  saw  beside  me  at 
the  barges.  When  the  tide  is  out  we  pick  up 
pieces  of  coal,  iron,  copper,  rope  and  canvas. 
When  the  tide  is  in  we  pick  up  chips  of 
wood.  We  go  upon  logs,  such  as  those  you 
saw  me  upon  with  my  basket,  and  gather 
them  there. 

"  In  the  winter  time  we  do  not  work  so 
many  hours  as  in  the  summer ;  yet  in 
winter  we  generally  are  more  successful 
than  in  the  long  days  of  summer.  A  good 
number  of  boys  wade  in  summer  who  do 
not  come  in  winter  on  account  of  the  cold. 
There  are  generally  thirteen  or  fourteen 
mudlarks  about  Limehouse  in  the  summer, 
and  about  six  boys  steadily  there  in  the 
winter,  who  are  strong  and  hardy,  and  well 
able  to  endure  the  cold. 

"  The  old  men  do  not  make  so  much  as 
the  boys  because  they  are  not  so  active  ; 
they  often  do  not  make  more  than  6d.  a 
day  while  we  make  Is.  or  Is.  6d. 

*'  Some  of  the  mudlarks  are  orphan  boys 
and  have  no  home.  In  the  summer  time 
they  often  sleep  in  the  barges  or  in  sheds 
or  stables  or  cow-houses,  Avith  their  clothes 
on.  Some  of  them  have  not  a  shirt,  others 
have  a  tattered  shirt  which  is  never  washed, 
as  they  have  no  father  nor  mother,  nor 
friend  to  care  for  them.  Some  of  these 
orphan  lads  have  good  warm  clothing ; 
others  are  ragged  and  dirty,  and  covered 
with  vermin. 

"  The  mudlarks  generally  have  a  pound  of 
bread  to  breakfast,  and  a  pint  of  beer  when 
they  can  afford  it.  They  do  not  go  to 
coffee-shops,  not  being  allowed  to  go  in,  as 
they  are  apt  to  steal  the  men's  'grub.' 
They  often  have  no  dinner,  but  when  they 
are  able  they  have  a  pound  of  bread  and  id. 
worth  of  cheese.  I  never  saw  any  of  them 
take  supper. 

"  The  boys  who  are  out  all  night  lie 
down  to  sleep  when  it  is  dark,  and  rise  as 
early  as  daylight.  Sometimes  they  buy  an 
article  of  dress,  a  jacket,  cap,  or  pair  of 
trousers  from  a  dolly  or  rag-shop.  They 
got  a  pair  of  trousers  for  '3d.  or  4d.,  an  old 


jacket  for  2d,  and  an  old  cap  for  ^d  or  Id' 
When  they  have  money  they  take  a  bed 
in  a  low  lodging-house  for  2d.  or  3d.  a 
night. 

"We  are  often  chased  by  the  Thames' 
police  and  the  watermen,  as  the  mudlarks 
are  generally  known  to  be  thieves.  I  take 
what  I  can  get  as  well  as  the  rest  when  I 
get  an  opportunity. 

"  We  often  go  on  board  of  coal  barges 
and  knock  or  throw  pieces  of  coal  over  into 
the  mud,  and  afterwards  come  and  take 
them  away.  We  also  carry  off  pieces  of 
rope,  or  iron,  or  anything  we  can  lay  our 
hands  on  and  easily  carry  off.  We  often 
take  a  boat  and  row  on  board  of  empty 
barges  and  steal  small  articles,  such  as 
pieces  of  canvas  or  iron,  and  go  down  into 
the  cabins  of  the  barges  for  this  purpose, 
and  are  frequently  driven  off  by  the  police 
and  bargemen.  The  Thames'  police  often 
come  upon  us  and  carry  off  our  bags  and 
baskets  with  the  contents. 

"  The  mudlarks  are  generally  good  swim- 
mers. When  a  bargeman  gets  hold  of  them 
in  his  barge  on  the  river,  he  often  throws 
them  into  the  river,  when  they  swim  ashore 
and  then  take  off  their  wet  clothes  and  dry 
them.  They  are  often  seized  by  the  police 
in  boats,  in  the  middle  of  the  river,  and 
thrown  overboard,  when  they  swim  to  the 
shore.  I  have  been  chased  twice  by  a 
police  galley. 

*'  On  one  occasion  I  was  swimming  a  con- 
siderable way  out  in  the  river  when  I  saw 
two  or  three  barges  near  me,  and  no  one  in 
them.  I  leaped  on  board  of  one  and  went 
down  into  the  cabin,  when  some  of  the 
Thames'  police  in  a  galley  rowed  up  to  me. 
I  ran  down  naked  beneath  the  deck  of  the 
barge  and  closed  the  hatches,  and  fastened 
the  staple  with  a  piece  of  iron  lying  near, 
so  that  they  could  not  get  in  to  take  me. 
They  tried  to  open  the  hatch,  but  could 
not  do  it.  After  remaining  for  half-an-hour 
I  heard  the  boat  move  off.  On  leaving  the 
barge  they  rowed  ashore  to  get  my  clothes, 
but  a  person  on  the  shore  took  them  away, 
so  that  they  could  not  find  them.  After  I 
saw  them  proceed  a  considerable  distance 
up  the  river  I  swam  ashore  and  got  my 
clothes  again. 

"  One  day,  about  three  o'clock  in  the 
afternoon,  as  I  was  at  Young's  Dock,  I  saw  a 
large  piece  of  copper  drop  down  the  side  of 
a  vessel  which  was  being  repaired.  On  the 
same  evening,  as  a  ship  was  coming  out 
of  the  docks,  I  stripped  off  my  clothes  and 
dived  down  several  feet,  seized  the  sheet  of 
copper  and  carried  it  away,  swimming  by 
the  side  of  the  vessel.  As  it  was  dark,  I 
was  not  observed  by  the  crew  nor  by  any 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND    THE  LONDON  POOR. 


378 


of  the  men  who  opened  the  gates  of  the 
dock.  I  fetched  it  to  the  shore,  and  sold 
it  that  night  to  a  marine  store  dealer. 

"  I  have  been  in  the  habit  of  stealing 
pieces  of  rope,  lumps  of  coal,  and  other 
articles  for  the  last  two  years  ;  but  my 
parents  do  not  know  of  this.     I  have  never 


been  tried  before  the  poHce  court  for  any 
felony. 

*'  It  is  my  intention  to  go  to  sea,  as  my 
brothers  have  done,  so  soon  as  I  can  find  a 
captain  to  take  me  on  board  his  ship.  I 
would  like  this  much  better  than  to  be  a 
coal-heaver  on  the  river." 


RECEIVERS  OF  STOLEN  PROPERTY, 


When  we  look  to  the  number  of  com- 
mon thieves  prowling  over  the  metropolis 
— the  thousands  living  daily  on  beggary, 
prostitution,  and  crime — we  naturally  ex- 
pect to  find  extensive  machineries  for  the  re- 
ceiving of  stolen  property.  These  receivers 
are  to  be  found  in  different  grades  of  society, 
from  the  keeper  of  the  miserable  low 
lodging-houses  and  dolly  shops  in  Petticoat 
Lane,  Rosemary  Lane,  and  Spitalfields,  in 
the  East-end,  and  Dudley  Street  and  Drury 
Lane  in  the  West-end  of  the  metropolis,  to 
the  pawnbroker  in  Cheapside,  the  Strand, 
and  Fleet  Street,  and  the  opulent  Jews  of 
Houndsditch  and  its  vicinity,  whose  coffers 
are  said  to  be  overflowing  with  gold. 

Dolly  Shops. — As  we  walk  along  Dudley 
Street,  near  the  Seven  Dials, — the  Petticoat 
Lane  of  the  West-end, — a  curious  scene  pre- 
sents itself  to  our  notice.  There  we  do  not 
find  a  colony  of  Jews,  as  in  the  East-end, 
but  a  colony  of  Irish  shopkeepers,  with  a 
few  cockneys  and  Jews  intermingled  among 
them.  Dudley  Street  is  a  noted  mart  for 
old  clothes,  consisting  principally  of  male 
and  female  apparel,  and  second-hand  boots 
and  shoes. 

We  pass  by  several  shops  without  sign 
boards — which  by  the  way  is  a  characteris- 
tic of  this  strange  by-street — where  boots 
and  shoes,  in  general  sadly  worn,  are  exposed 
on  shelves  under  the  window,  or  carefully 
ranged  in  rows  on  the  pavement  before  the 
shop.  We  find  a  middle-aged  or  elderly 
Irishman  with  his  leathern  apron,  or  a 
young  Irish  girl  brushing  shoes  at  the  door, 
in  Irish  accent  inviting  customers  to  enter 
their  shop. 

We  also  observe  old  clothes  stores,  where 
male  apparel  is  suspended  on  wooden  rods 
before  the  door,  and  trousers,  vests,  and 
coats  of  different  descriptions,  piled  on 
chairs  in  front  of  the  shop,  or  exposed  in 
the  dirty  unwashed  windows,  while  the 
shopmen  loiter  before  the  door,  hailing  the 
customers  as  they  pass  by. 

Alongside  of  these  we  see  what  is  more 
strictly  called  dolly  or  leaving  shops, — the 


fertile  hot-beds  of  crime.  The  dolly  shop 
is  often  termed  an  unlicensed  pawn-shop. 
Around  the  doorway,  in  some  cases  of  ordi- 
nary size,  in  others  more  spacious,  we  see 
a  great  assortment  of  articles,  chiefly  of 
female  dress,  suspended  on  the  wall, — petti- 
coats, skirts,  stays,  gowns,  shawls,  and 
bonnets  of  all  patterns  and  sizes,  the  gowns 
being  mostly  of  dirty  cotton,  spotted  and 
striped  ;  also  children's  petticoats  of  dif- 
ferent kinds,  shirt-fronts,  collars,  hand- 
kerchiefs, and  neckerchiefs  exposed  in  the 
window.  As  we  look  into  these  suspicious- 
looking  shops  we  see  large  piles  of  female 
apparel,  with  articles  of  men's  dress  heaped 
around  the  walls,  or  deposited  in  bundle.s 
and  paper  packages  on  shelves  around  the 
shop,  with  strings  of  clothes  hung  across 
the  apartment  to  dry,  or  offered  for  sale. 
We  find  in  some  of  the  back-rooms,  stores 
of  shabby  old  clothes,  and  one  or  more 
women  of  various  ages  loitering  about. 

In  the  evening  these  dolly  shops  are  dimly 
lighted,  and  look  still  more  gloomy  and 
forbidding  than  during  the  day. 

Many  of  these  people  buy  other  articles 
besides  clothes.  They  are  in  the  habit  of 
receiving  articles  left  with  them,  and 
charge  2d.  or  Sd.  a  shilling  on  the  articles, 
if  redeemed  in  a  week.  If  not  redeemed 
for  a  week,  or  other  specified  time,  they 
sell  the  articles,  and  dispose  of  them, 
having  given  the  party  a  miserably  small 
sum,  perhaps  only  a  sixth  or  eighth  part 
of  their  value.  These  shops  are  frequented 
by  common  thieves,  and  by  poor  dissipated 
creatures  living  in  the  dark  slums  and 
alleys  in  the  vicinity,  or  residing  in  low  lodg- 
ing-houses. The  persons  who  keep  them 
often  conceal  the  articles  deposited  with 
them  from  the  knowledge  of  the  police, 
and  get  punished  as  receivers  of  stolen 
property.  Numbers  of  such  cases  occur 
over  the  metropolis  in  low  neighbourhoods. 
For  this  reason  the  keepers  of  these  shops 
are  often  compelled  to  remove  to  other 
localities. 

The  articles  they  receive,  such  as  old 
male  and  female  wearing  apparel,  are  also 


374 


LONDON  LABOVR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


resetted  by  keepers  of  low  coffee-house  and 
lodging-bouses,  and  are  occasionally  bought 
by  chandlers,  low  hairdressers,  and  others. 

They  also  receive  workmen's  tools  of  an 
inferior  quality,  and  cheap  articles  of  house- 
hold furniture,  books,  &c.,  from  poor  dis- 
sipated people,  beggars,  and  thieves  ;many 
of  which  would  be  rejected  by  the  licensed 
pawnbrokers. 

They  are  frequently  visited  by  the  wives 
and  daughters  of  the  poorest  labouring 
people,  and  others,  who  deposit  wearing 
apparel,  or  bed-linen,  with  them  for  a  small 
piece  of  money  when  they  are  in  want  of 
food,  or  when  they  wish  to  get  some  in- 
toxicating liquor,  in  which  many  of  them 
indulge  too  freely.  They  are  also  haunted 
by  the  lowest  prostitutes  on  like  errands. 
The  keepers  of  dolly  shops  give  more  in- 
dulgence to  their  regular  customers  than 
they  do  to  strangers.  They  charge  a  less  sum 
from  them,  and  keep  their  articles  longer 
before  disposing  of  them. 

It  frequently  occurs  that  these  low  traders 
are  very  unscrupulous,  and  sell  the  pro- 
perty deposited  with  them,  when  they  can 
make  a  small  piece  of  money  thereby. 

There  is  a  pretty  extensive  traffic  carried 
on  in  the  numerous  dolly-shops  scattered 
over  the  metropolis,  as  we  may  find  from 
the  extensive  stores  heaped  up  in  their 
apartments,  in  many  cases  in  such  dense 
piles  as  almost  to  exclude  the  light  of  day, 
and  from  the  groups  of  wretched  creatures 
who  frequent  them  —  particularly  in  the 
evenings. 

The  principal  trade  in  old  clothes  is  in 
the  East-end  of  the  metropolis — in  Rose- 
mary Lane,  Petticoat  Lane,  and  the  dark 
by-streets  and  alleys  in  the  neighbour- 
hood, but  chiefly  at  the  Old  Clothes  Ex- 
change, where  huge  bales  are  sold  in 
small  quantities  to  crowds  of  traders,  and 
sent  off  to  various  parts  of  Scotland,  Eng- 
land, and  Ireland,  and  exported  abroad. 
The  average  weekly  trade  has  been  esti- 
mated at  about  1,500/. 

Fawnbrokers,  &c. —  A  great  amount  of 
valuable  stolen  property  passes  into  the 
hands  of  pawnbrokers  and  private  re- 
ceivers. The  pawnbrokers  often  give  only 
a  third  or  fourth  of  the  value  of  the  ar- 
ticle deposited  with  them,  which  lies  se- 
cure in  their  hands  for  twelve  months. 

A  good  many  of  them  deal  honestly  in 
their  way,  and  are  termed  respectable 
dealers ;  but  some  of  them  deal  in  an 
illegal  manner,  and  are  punished  as  re- 
ceivers. Many  of  those  who  are  reputed 
as  the  most  respectable  pawnbrokers,  re- 
ceive stolen  plate,  jewellery,  watches,  &c. 

When  2^Z(t^e   is   stolen,  it  is  sometimes 


carried  away  on  the  night  of  the  robbery  in 
a  cab,  or  other  conveyance,  to  the  house  of 
the  burglars.  Some  thieves  take  it  to  a 
low  beershop,  where  they  lodge  for  the 
night ;  others  to  coffee-shops ;  others  to 
persons  living  in  private  houses,  pretend- 
ing possibly  to  be  bootmakers,  watch- 
makers, copper-plate  printers,  tailors, 
marine  store-dealers,  &c.  Such  parties  are 
private  receivers  well-known  to  the  bur- 
glars. The  doors  of  their  houses  are  opened 
at  any  time  of  the  night. 

Burglars  frequently  let  them  know  pre- 
viously when  they  are  going  to  work,  and 
what  they  expect  to  get,  and  the  crucible 
or  silver  pot  is  kept  ready  on  a  slow  fire  to 
receive  the  silver  plate,  sometimes  marked 
with  the  crest  of  the  owner.  Within  a 
quarter  of  an  hour  a  large  quantity  is 
melted  down.  The  burglar  does  not  stay  to 
see  the  plate  melted,  but  makes  his  bargain, 
gets  his  money,  and  goes  away. 

These  private  receivers  have  generally 
an  ounce  and  a  quarter  for  their  ounce  of 
silver,  and  the  thief  is  obliged  to  submit, 
after  he  has  gone  into  the  house.  The 
former  are  understood  in  many  cases  to  keep 
quantities  of  silver  on  hand  before  they 
soil  it  to  some  of  the  refiners,  or  other 
dealers,  who  give  them  a  higher  price  for 
it,  generally  4s.  lOd.  per  ounce.  The  bur- 
glar himself  obtains  only  from  3.s.  Gd.  to 
4s.  an  ounce. 

The  receivers  we  refer  to — well-known 
to  the  cracksmen  of  the  metropolis — live 
at  White  Hart  Yard,  Catharine  Street, 
Strand;  Vinegar  Yard,  Catharine  Street, 
Strand  ;  Russell  Street,  Covent  Garden  ; 
Gravel  Lane  ;  LTnion  Street ;  Friars  Street, 
Blackfriars'  Road  ;  Oakley  Street,  West- 
minster Road  ;  Eagle  Street,  Holborn ; 
King  Street,  Seven  Dials  ;  Wardour  Street, 
Oxford  Street  ;  Tottenham  Place,  Totten- 
ham Court  Eoad  ;  Upper  x\fton  Place,  New- 
port Market ;  George's  Street,  Hampstead 
Road  ;  Clarendon  Street,  Somers  Town  ;  Phi- 
lip's Buildings,  Somers  Town  ;  New  North- 
Place  and  Judd  Street,  Gray's  Inn  Road  ; 
Red  Lion  Street,  Clerkenwell ;  Wilderness 
Row,  Clerkenwell  ;  Golden  Lane  ;  Banner 
Street ;  Banner  Row  ;  Long  Alley  ;  Tim 
Street  ;  Middlesex  Street,  Whitechapel  ; 
Brick  Lane,  Whitechapel  ;  PLalfmoon  Pas- 
sage, Union  Street,  Spitalfrelds  ;  White- 
chapel Road  ;  Commercial  Poad  ;  Rosemary 
Lane,  and  other  localities. 

Tliese  persons  receive  plate,  silk,  satins, 
and  other  valuable  booty. 

There  are  also  several  refiners  in  different 
parts  of  the  metropolis  who  generally  have 
silver  i:)ots  or  crucibles  on  the  fire  ready  to 
melt  whatever  plate  may  be  taken  in.  Some 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


375 


of  them  are  German  'Jews,  others  are  Eng- 
lish people. 

These  furnaces  are  generally  in  a  small 
workshop  or  parlom"  at  the  back  of  the 
shop.  These  receivers  profess  to  sell  jewel- 
lery, lace,  and  other  articles,  which  are  ex- 
posed in  the  shop  windows.  They  are 
licensed  to  buy  gold  and  silver,  and  offer  to 
give  fair  value  for  precious  stones. 

The  jetuellery  stolen  is  taken  to  these 
same  fences  and  sold  at  less  than  a  third  of 
its  value.  The  names  are  then  erased,  and 
the  articles  are  taken  to  pieces,  and  sold 
to  different  jewellers  over  the  metropolis. 
Stolen  bank  notes  and  jewellery  are  often 
sent  abroad  by  these  fences  to  avoid  detec- 
tion. 

The  following  prices  are  generally  received 
from  the  fences  for  stolen  bank-notes  : — 
For  a  £5  bank-note,  from  £4  to  £4  10s. 
„      10        do.  „      £8  15s.  to  £9. 

„      20        do.        about  £16  10s. 
„      50        do.  „      £35. 

As  the  notes  rise  in  value  they  give  a 
smaller  proportionate  sum  for  them,  as 
they  may  have  more  trouble  in  getting 
them  exchanged. 

Silks  and  satins^  and  such  like  goods,  are 
often  conveyed  to  the  fence  in  a  cab  on  the 
night  or  morning  the  robbery  is  effected  ; 
the  dealer  generally  gets  previous  notice, 
and  expects  to  receive  them. 

In  addition  to  the  watch  set  at  the 
house  where  the  robbery  is  to  be  com- 
mitted, there  is  often  a  watch  stationed 
near  the  house  of  the  receiver  to  look  after 
the  movements  of  the  policeman  in  his 
locality.  One  of  the  burglars  goes  in  the  cab 
direct  from  the  shop  or  warehouse  where 
the  robbery  has  been  committed  to  the 
house  of  the  receiver,  and  possibly  at  a 
short  distance  from  the  house  gets  a  quiet 
signal  from  the  watch  as  to  whether  it  is 
safe  to  approach.  If  not,  he  can  make  a 
detour  with  the  cab,  and  come  back  a  little 
afterwards  when  the  coast  is  clear.  The 
burglar  and  the  cabman  remove  the  bags 
of  goods  into  the  house  of  the  receiver, 
when  the  vehicle  drives  off.  The  driver  of 
the  cab  is  generally  paid  according  to  the 
value  of  the  booty. 

Sometimes  these  goods  are  taken  to  a 
coffee-house,  where  the  people  are  ac- 
quainted with  the  burglars,  and  where  one 
of  the  burglars  remains  till  the  booty  is 
sold  and  removed,  or  otherwise  dis230sed 
of.  The  fence,  who  has  got  notice  of  the 
plunder  from  some  of  the  thieves,  often 
comes  and  takes  it  away  himself.  The 
keeper  of  the  coffee-house  is  well  paid  for 
his  trouble. 

Silks  and  satins  are  generally  sold  to  the 


fence  at  Is.  a  yard,  whatever  the  quality  of 
the  fabric.  Silk  handkerchiefs  of  excellent 
quality  are  sold  at  Is.  each ;  good  broad- 
cloth from  4s.  to  5s.  a  yard,  possibly  worth 
from  11.  Is.  to  11.  5s.  ;  neckties,  sold  in  the 
shops  from  Is.  Qd.  to  2s.  each,  are  given 
away  for  4d  to  Qd.  each  ;  kid-gloves,  worth 
from  2s.  to  3s.  6cZ.,  are  sold  at  Qd.  a  pair  ; 
and  women's  boots,  worth  from  6s.  Qd.  to 
10s.  6(i.,  are  given  for  2s. 

Silks  and  satins  of  the  value  of  4,500?. 
have  been  sold  for  515/,  the  chief  propor- 
tion of  the  spoil  thus  coming  into  the  hands 
of  the  unprincipled  receiver. 

Numerous  cases  of  receiving  stolen  pro- 
perty are  tried  at  our  police-courts  and 
sessions,  as  well  as  at  the  Old  Bailey.  We 
shaU  only  adduce  one  illustration. 

Some  time  ago  a  bale  of  goods  was  stolen 
from  a  passage  in  a  warehouse  in  the  City. 
The  case  was  put  in  the  hands  of  the  police. 
They  were  a  peculiar  class  of  goods.  Infor- 
mation was  given  to  persons  in  that  line 
of  business.  A  few  weeks  after  it  Avas 
ascertained  that  the  stolen  property  had 
been  offered  for  sale  by  a  person  who  pro- 
duced a  sample.  They  were  ultimately 
traced  to  a  place  in  the  City,  not  far  distant 
from  where  they  had  been  stolen.  They 
were  seized  by  two  officers  of  police.  The 
man  who  was  selling  them  was  an  agent, 
and  had  no  hand  in  the  robbery.  He  would 
not  give  up  the  name  of  the  person  who 
had  sent  them  to  him.  He  was  taken  into 
custody,  and  he  and  the  goods  were  sent 
to  the  police  station. 

Seeing  the  dilemma  in  which  he  was 
placed,  this  man,  when  in  custody,  stated 
that  he  had  received  the  goods  from  a  well 
known  Jewish  dealer,  who  was  thereupon 
arrested.  On  searching  his  premises  the 
officers  found  a  great  part  of  the  booty  of 
twelve  burglaries,  and  of  three  other  rob- 
beries, one  of  them  being  a  quantity  of 
jewellery  of  great  value,  the  whole  of  the 
property  amounting  to  from  2000Z.  to  3000/. 

He  was  tried,  convicted,  and  sentenced 
to  fourteen  years'  transiDortation. 

From  the  statistics  of  the  metropolitan 
police  we  find  the  number  of  houses  of  bad 
character,  which  may  be  used  to  receive 
stolen  property,  to  be  as  follo'ws  : — 

163  houses  of  receivers  of  stolen  goods. 

255  public- houses,  j 

103  beer-shops.       I  rn  i.    i?  xi  • 

1 54  coffee-shops.    '>  ^^^  ^^^^^^  ^^  *^^^^^^ 

101  other  suspect- 
ed houses. 
1,706  brothels  and  houses  of  ill-fame. 

361  tramps'  lodging-houses. 

2  843 


and  prostitutes. 


376 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


Narrative  op  a  Returned  Convict. 

We  give  the  following  brief  autobiography 
of  a  person  who  has  recently  returned  from 
one  of  our  penal  settlements,  having  been 
transported  for  life.  In  character  he  is 
very  different  from  the  generality  of  our 
London  thieves,  having  hot  African  blood 
in  his  veins  and  being  a  man  of  passionate, 
unbridled  character.  He  was  formerly  a 
daring  highway  robber.  He  was  intro- 
duced to  us  accidentally  in  Drury-lane,  by 
a  Bow-street  police  officer,  who  occasionally 
acts  as  a  detective.  On  this  occasion  the 
latter  displayed  very  little  tact  and  discre- 
tion, which  made  it  exceedingly  difficult  for 
us  to  get  from  him  even  the  following  brief 
tale  : — 

"  I  was  born  in  a  tent  at  Southampton, 
on  the  skirts  of  a  forest,  among  the  gipsies, 
my  father  and  mother  being  of  that  stock 
of  people.  We  had  generally  about  seven 
or  eight  tents  in  our  encampment,  and  were 
frequently  in  the  forest  between  Surrey  and 
Southampton.  The  chief  of  our  gang, 
termed  the  gipsey  king,  had  great  influence 
among  us.  He  was  then  a  very  old,  silver- 
headed  man,  and  had  a  great  number  of 
children.  I  learned  when  a  boy  to  play  the 
violin,  and  was  tolerably  •  expert  at  it.  I 
went  to  the  public-houses  and  other  dwell- 
ings in  the  neighbourhood,  with  three  or 
four  other  gipsey  boys,  who  played  the 
triangle  and  drum,  as  some  of  the  Italian 
minstrels  do.  We  went  during  the  day  and 
often  in  the  evening.  At  other  times  we 
had  amusement  beside  the  tents,  jumping, 
running,  and  single-stick,  and  begged  from 
the  people  passing  by  in  the  vehicles  or  on 
foot. 

"  During  the  day  some  of  the  men  of  our 
tribe  went  about  the  district,  and  looked  out 
over  the  fields  for  horses  which  would  suit 
them,  and  came  during  the  night  and  stole 
them  away.  They  never  carried  away 
horses  from  the  stables.  They  generally  got 
their  booty  along  the  by-roads,  and  took 
them  to  the  fairs  in  the  neighbourhood  and 
sold  them,  usually  for  about  101.  or  12Z. 
The  horses  they  stole  were  generally 
light  and  nimble,  such  as  might  be  useful 
to  themselves;  They  disfigured  them  by 
putting  a  false  mark  on  them,  and  by  clip- 
ping their  mane  and  tail.  When  a  horse  is 
in  good  order  they  keep  it  for  a  time  till  it 
becomes  more  thin  and  lank,  to  make  it 
look  older.  They  let  the  horse  generally 
go  loose  on  the  side  of  a  road  at  a  distance 
from  their  encampment,  till  they  have  an 
opportunity  to  sell  it ;  and  it  is  generally 
placed  alongside  one  or  two  other  horses, 
so  that  it  is  not  so  much  observed.     The 


same  person  who  steals  it  frequently  takes 
it  to  the  fair  to  be  sold. 

"  The  gipsies  are  not  so  much  addicted 
to  stealing  from  farms  as  is  generally  sup- 
posed. They  are  assisted  in  gaining  a  live- 
lihood by  their  wives  and  other  women 
going  over  the  district  telling  fortunes. 
Some  of  them  take  to  hawking  for  a  liveli- 
hood. This  is  done  by  boys  and  girls,  as 
well  as  old  men  and  women.  They  sell 
baskets,  brushes,  brooms,  and  other 
articles. 

j-fct,"  1  spent  my  early  years  wandering 
among  the  gipsies  till  I  was  thirteen  years 
of  age,  and  was  generally  employed  going 
about  the  country  with  my  violin,  along 
with  some  of  my  brothers. 

"  My  father  died  when  I  was  about  six 
years  of  age.  A  lady  in  Southampton,  of 
the  Methodist  connexion,  took  an  interest 
in  my  brothers  and  me,  and  we  settled 
there  with  our  mother,  and  afterwards 
learned  coach -making.  I  lived  with  my 
mother  in  Southampton  for  five  or  six 
years.  My  brothers  were  well-behaved,  in- 
dustrious boys,  but  I  was  wild  and  dis- 
obedient. 

"  The  first  depredation  I  committed  was 
when  thirteen  years  old.  I  robbed  my 
mother  of  a  box  of  old-fashioned  coins  and 
other  articles,  and  went  to  Canterbury, 
where  I  got  into  company  with  prostitutes 
and  thieves.  The  little  money  I  had  was 
soon  spent. 

"After  this  I  broke  the  window  of  a 
pawnbroker's  shop  as  a  cart  was  passing 
by,  put  my  hand  through  the  broken  pane 
of  glass,  and  carried  off  a  bowl  of  gold 
and  silver  coins,  and  ran  off  with  them  and 
made  my  way  to  Chatham. 

"  Some  time  after  this  I  was,  one  day  at 
noon,  in  the  highway  between  Chatham  and 
Woolwich,  when  I  saw  a  carriage  come  up. 
The  postillion  was  driving  the  horses 
smartly  along.  A  gentleman  and  lady  were 
inside,  and  the  butler  and  a  female  servant 
were  on  the  seat  behind.  I  leaped  on  the 
back  of  the  conveyance  as  it  was  driving 
past,  and  took  away  the  portmanteau  with 
the  butler's  clothes,  and  carried  it  off  to 
the  adjoining  woods.  1  sold  them  to  a  Jew 
at  Southampton  for  31.  or  41. 

"  tShortly  after  I  came  up  to  London,  and 
became  acquainted  with  a  gang  of  young 
thieves  in  Eatcliffe  Highway.  I  lived  in 
a  coffee-house  there  for  about  eighteen 
months.  The  boys  gained  their  livelihood 
picking  gentlemen's  pockets,  at  which  I  soon 
became  expert.  After  this  1  joined  a  gang  of 
men,  and  jHcked  ladies'  pockets,  and  re- 
sided for  some  time  at  Whitechapel. 

"  Several  years  after  I  engaged  with  some 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB. 


other  men  in  highway  robbery.  I  recollect 
on  one  occasion  we  learned  that  a  person 
was  in  the  habit  of  going  to  one  of  the  City 
banks  once  a  week  for  a  large  sum  of  money 
— possibly  to  pay  his  workmen.  He  was 
generally  in  the  habit  of  calling  at  other 
places  in  town  on  business,  and  carried  the 
money  with  him  in  a  blue  serge  bag.  We 
followed  him  from  the  bank  to  several 
places  where  he  made  calls,  until  he  came 
to  a  quiet  by-street,  near  London  bridge. 
It  was  a  dark  wintry  night,  and  very  stormy. 
I  rushed  upon  him  and  garotted  him,  while 
one  of  my  companions  plundered  him  of 
his  bag.  He  was  a  stout  old  man,  dressed 
like  a  farmer.  I  was  then  about  twenty- 
two  years  of  age. 

"  At  this  time  I  went  to  music  and 
dancing  saloons,  and  played  on  my  violin. 

"  Soon  after  I  went  to  a  fair  at  Maidstone 
with  several  thieves,  all  young  men  like 
myself.  One  of  us  saw  a  farmer  in  the 
market,  a  robust  middle-aged  man,  take  out 
his  purse  with  a  large  sum  of  money.  We 
followed  him  from  the  market.  I  went  a 
little  in  advance  of  my  companions  for  a 


distance  of  sixteen  miles,  till  we  came  to  a 
lonely  cross  turning  surrounded  with  woods. 
The  night  happened  to  be  dark.  I  went  up 
to  him  and  seized  him  by  the  leg,  and 
pulled  him  violently  off  his  horse,  and  my 
companions  came  up  to  assist  me.  While 
he  lay  on  the  ground  we  rifled  his  pockets 
of  a  purse  containing  about  500/,  and  some 
silver  money.  He  did  not  make  very  much 
resistance  and  we  did  not  injure  him.  We 
came  back  to  London  and  shared  the  booty 
among  us. 

*'  About  the  time  of  the  great  gathering 
of  the  Chartists  on  Kennington  Common, 
in  1848,  I  broke  into  a  pawnbroker's  shop 
in  the  metropolis,  and  stole  jewellery  to  the 
amount  of  2,000/.,  consisting  of  watches, 
rings,  &c.,  and  also  carried  oft'  some  money. 
I  sold  the  jewels  to  a  Jewish  receiver  for 
about  500Z.  1  was  arrested  some  time  after, 
and  tried  for  this  offence,  and  sentenced  to 
transportation  for  lite. 

"  I  returned  from  one  of  the  penal  settle- 
ments about  a  year  ago,  and  have  since  led 
an  honest  life." 


COINING. 


This  class  of  felonies  is  as  prevalent  as 
ever  in  the  metropolis,  and  is  carried  on  in 
many  of  the  low  neighbourhoods. 

It  is  generally  effected  in  this  way.  Take 
a  shilling,  or  other  sterling  coin,  scour  it 
well  with  soap  and  water  ;  dry  it,  and  then 
grease  it  with  suet  or  tallow ;  partly  wipe 
this  off,  but  not  wholly.  Take  some  plaster 
of  Paris,  and  make  a  collar  either  of  paper 
or  tin.  Pour  the  plaster  of  Paris  on  the 
piece  of  coin  in  the  collar  or  band  round 
it.  Leave  it  until  it  sets  or  hardens,  when 
the  impression  will  be  made.  You  turn  it 
up  and  the  piece  sticks  in  the  mould.  Turn 
the  reverse  side,  and  you  take  a  similar 
impression  from  it ;  then  you  have  the 
mould  complete.  You  put  the  pieces  of 
the  mould  together,  and  then  pare  it.  You 
make  a  channel  in  order  to  pour  the  metal 
into  it  in  a  state  of  fusion,  having  the  neck 
of  the  channel  as  small  as  possible.  The 
smaller  the  channel  the  less  the  imperfec- 
tion in  the  "knerling." 

You  noiake  claws  to  the  mould,  so  that  it 
will  stick  together  while  you  pour  the 
metal  into  it.  But  before  doing  so,  you 
must  properly  dry  it.  If  you  pour  the 
hot  metal  into  it  when  damp,  it  will  fly  in 


pieces.  This  is  the  general  process  by 
which  counterfeit  coin  is  made.  When  you 
have  your  coin  cast,  there  is  a  "gat,"  or 
piece  of  refuse  metal,  sticks  to  it.  You 
pair  this  off"  with  a  pair  of  scissors  or  a 
knife — generally  a  pair  of  scissors — then 
you  file  the  edges  of  the  coin  to  perfect  the 
''  knerling." 

The  coin  is  then  considered  finished, 
except  the  coating.  At  this  time  it  is  of 
a  bluish  colour,  and  not  in  a  state  fit  for 
circulation,  as  the  colour  would  excite 
suspicion. 

You  get  a  galvanic  battery  with  nitric 
acid  and  sulphuric  acid,  a  mixture  of  each 
diluted  in  water  to  a  certain  strength.  You 
then  get  some  cyanide  and  attach  a  copper 
wire  to  a  screw  of  the  battery.  Immerse 
that  in  the  cyanide  of  silver  when  the  pro- 
cess of  electro-plating  commences. 

The  coin  has  to  pass  through  another 
process.  Get  a  little  lampblack  and  oil, 
and  make  it  into  a  sort  of  composition, 
"  slumming  "  the  coin  with  it.  This  takes 
the  bright  colour  away,  and  makes  it  fit 
for  circulation.  Then  wrap  the  coins  up 
separately  in  paper  so  as  to  prevent  them 
rubbing.     When  coiners  are  going  to  cir- 


378 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


culate  them,  they  take  them  up  and  rub 
each  piece  separately.  The  counterfeit  coin 
will  then  have  the  greatest  resemblance  to 
genuine  coin,  if  well-manufactured. 

While  this  is  the  general  mode  by  which 
it  is  made,  a  skilful  artificer,  or  keen-eyed 
detective  can  trace  the  workmanship  of 
different  makers. 

Counterfeit  coin  is  manufactured  by 
various  classes  of  people — costermongers, 
mechanics,  tailors,  and  others — and  is 
generally  confined  to  the  lower  classes  of 
various  ages.  Girls  of  thirteen  years  of  age 
sometimes  assist  in  making  it. 

It  is  made  in  Westminster,  Clerkenwell, 
the  Borough,  Lambeth,  Drury  Lane,  the 
Seven  Dials,  Lisson  Grove,  and  other  low 
neighbourhoods  of  the  metropolis,  at  all 
hours  of  the  day  and  night. 

There  are  generally  two  persons  engaged 
in  making  it — sometimes  four.  In  nine 
cases  out  of  ten,  men  and  women  are  em- 
ployed in  it  together.  The  man  generally 
holds  the  mould  with  an  iron  clamp,  that 
is  an  iron  hook  doubled  in  the  shape  of 
plyers  or  tongues  to  prevent  the  heat  from 
burning  their  hands.  The  women  generally 
pour  the  metal  into  it.  One  person  could 
make  the  coin  alone,  but  this  would  be  too 
tedious.  While  engaged  in  this  work,  they 
fasten  the  doors  of  their  room  or  dwelling, 
and  have  generally  a  person  on  the  look-out 
they  term  a  "crow,"  in  case  the  officers  of 
justice  should  make  their  appearance,  and 
detect  them  in  the  act. 

The  officers  make  a  simultaneous  rush 
into  the  house  after  having  forced  open  the 
door  with  a  blow  from  a  sledge-hammer, 
so  as  to  detect  the  parties  in  the  very  act 
of  coining.  On  such  occasions  the  men 
endeavour  to  destroy  the  mould,  while  the 
v/omen  throw  the  counterfeit  coin  into 
the  fire,  or  into  the  melted  metal,  which 
effectually  injures  it.  This  is  done  to  pre- 
vent the  officers  getting  these  articles  into 
their  possession,  as  evidence  against  them. 

The  coiners  frequently  throw  the  hot 
metal  at  the  officers,  or  the  acids  they  use 
in  their  coining  processes,  or  they  attempt 
to  strike  them  with  a  chair  or  stool,  or 
other  weapon  that  comes  in  their  way.  In 
most  cases  they  resist  until  they  are  over- 
powered and  secured. 

Counterfeit  coin  is  generally  made  of 
Britannia  metal  spoons  and  other  ingre- 
dients, and  very  seldom  of  pewter  pots, 
though  formerly  this  was  the  case. 

Sometimes  four  impressions  are  cast 
from  each  mould  at  the  same  instant ;  in 
other  cases  two  or  three.  If  too  near  each 
other  the  powerful  heat  of  the  metal  in 
casting  half-crowns  or  crowns  would  make 


the  mould  fly.  Hence  there  must  be  spaces 
between  each  impression.  Smaller  coins, 
such  as  sixpences  or  shilhngs,  can  be  placed 
nearer  each  other  in  the  mould.  On  each 
occasion  when  they  cast  f  he  coin  they  blow 
the  dust  off  the  mould  to  keep  it  perfectly 
clear,  so  as  not  to  injure  in  the  slightest 
degree  the  impression.  When  the  latter 
is  imperfect  a  new  mould  must  be  made. 
The  coiner  can  use  the  same  mould  again 
in  less  than  a  minute  to  make  other  coun- 
terfeit coins. 

Sometimes  a  quart  basinful  is  made  on  a 
single  occasion  ;  at  other  times  a  very  small 
quantity  only. 

The  coiners  have  agents  at  different 
public-houses  to  dispose  of  their  counter- 
feit coin,  and  some  of  them  stand  in  the 
street  to  sell  it.  Sometimes  it  is  sold  to 
their  private  agents  in  their  own  dwellings, 
or  sent  out  to  parties  who  purchase  it  from 
them.  The  latter  parties  generally  pay  Id. 
for  a  shilling's  worth.  Then  these  agents 
sell  it  to  the  utterers  for  2d.  a  shilling,  3c?. 
for  two  shillings,  3^d.  for  a  half-crown,  and 
4d.  a  crown.  Some  coiners  charge  5d.  for 
five  shillings'  worth. 

The  detection  of  counterfeit  coin  in  the 
metropolis  is  under  the  able  management 
of  Mr.  Brennan,  a  skilful  and  experienced 
public  officer,  who  keeps  a  keen  surveil- 
lance over  this  department  of  crime. 

In  1855  Mr.  Brennan,  along  with  In- 
spector Bryant  of  G  division,  and  other 
officers,  went  to  the  neighbourhood  of  Kent 
Street  for  the  purpose  of  apprehending  a 
person  of  the  name  of  Green,  better  known 
by  the  cognomen  of  "  Charcoal."  The 
street  door  was  open,  and  the  officers  pro- 
ceeded to  the  top  floor  up  a  winding  stair- 
case. The  house  consisted  of  three  floors. 
On  passing  upstairs  they  were  met  by  three 
men  on  the  top  landing,  very  robust,  their 
ages  averaging  from  twenty-four  to  thirty- 
six.  One  of  them,  named  Brown,  was  a 
noted  Devonshire  wrestler,  and  a  powerful- 
bodied  man. 

These  men  attempted  to  force  their  way 
down.  Mr.  Brennan  manfully  resisted  and 
tried  to  keep  them  up,  and  force  them  back 
into  the  room.  Brown  leaped  over  him 
while  struggling  with  the  other  two.  On 
Mr.  Brennan's  son  and  Insi3ector  Bryant 
coming  up  to  his  assistance,  the  other  two 
men  were  arrested  and  secured  in  the  yard. 
A  third  man  came  out  of  the  room  and 
was  passing  by  Mr.  Brennan,  and  in  doing 
so  hit  him  on  the  head  with  a  saucej^an, 
and  forced  him  against  the  staircase  win- 
dow. His  son  came  up  to  his  a.ssistance, 
when  he  struck  this  new  assailant  on  the 
arm  with  a  crowbar,  and  partially  disabled 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOM. 


37i* 


him.  At  this  time  th©  frame  of  the  stair- 
case window  gave  way,  and  he  fell  into  the 
court. 

One  of  the  men  in  the  house  jumped  from 
the  window  of  the  staircase  on  the  roof  of 
a  shed,  and  fell  right  through  it,  and  was 
followed  by  Cor^stable  Neville  of  the  G 
division,  who  jumped  after  him  and  secured 
him.  The  former  was  a  man  of  about  five 
feet  eight  inches  high,  powerfully  built. 
Other  two  men  were  beat  back  into  the 
room  and  secured  along  with  two  women. 
Five  out  of  a  party  of  seven  men  were 
arrested,  and  the  other  two  effected  their 
escape.  The  ofl&cers  only  expected  to  see 
one  man  and  a  woman  coining  in  this 
house. 

After  they  succeeded  in  forcing  the  two 
men  back  into  the  room,  the  man  named 
"  Charcoal "  struggled  desperately,  and  used 
every  effort  to  smash  the  mould.  They 
found  sufficient  fragments  of  it  as  evidence 
against  them  that  they  had  been  making 
half-crowns,  shillings,  and  sixpences,  be- 
sides a  large  quantity  of  counterfeit  coin. 

The  officers  were  obliged  to  remain  in  the 
house  and  yard  until  they  sent  to  the  po- 
lice station  for  additional  assistance.  The 
prisoners  were  tried  at  the  Old  Bailey  and 
sentenced  to  various  terms  of  imprison- 
ment, from  six  months  to  fourteen  years. 
The  Recorder  from  the  bench  recommended 
to  Mr.  Brennan  a  compensation  of  10/.  for 
the  manly  and  efficient  part  he  had  acted 
on  this  trying  occasion. 

In  1845  Mr.  Brennan  received  informa- 
tion that  a  man  who  resided  at  Bath  Place, 
Old  Street  Road,  was  making  counterfeit 
coin.  This  house  consisted  of  two  rooms, 
the  one  above  the  other.  Mr.  Brennan 
went  there,  accompanied  by  Sergeant  Cole 
of  the  G  division,  leaving  a  police  constable 
at  the  end  of  the  court.  He  broke  open 
the  door  with  a  sledge-hammer,  and  at- 
tempted to  run  upstairs,  and  was  met  at 
the  door  by  the  coiner,  who  tried  to  rush 
back  into  the  room,  when  the  former  seized 
him  by  a  leathern  apron  he  had  on.  In  the 
struggle  both  he  and  Mr.  Brennan  were 
hurled  down  to  the  bottom  of  the  staircase, 
a  distance  of  eleven  steps.  The  officer  was 
severely  injured  on  the  back  of  the  head, 
and  the  coiner's  knee  struck  against  his 
belly,  yet  this  brave  officer,  though  se- 
verely injured,  kept  hold  of  the  coiner. 

At  this  time  Cole  was  struggling  with 
the  coiner's  wife  and  daughter,  while  their 
bull-dog  seized  him  by  the  leg  of  his  trou- 
sers. The  dog  kept  hold  of  him  for  about 
twenty-five  minutes.  Latterly  the  three 
parties  were  secured. 

Meanwhile  the  constable  whom  he  had 


left  at  the  end  of  the  court  heard  the  dis- 
turbance, and  entered  and  assisted  in  se- 
curing the  prisoners. 

The  woman  was  tall  and  masculine  in 
appearance,  and  the  girl  was  thirteen  years 
of  age. 

On  securing  this  desperate  coiner  Mr. 
Brennan  proceeded  upstairs,  and  found 
four  galvanic  batteries  in  full  play,  and 
about  five  hundred  pieces  of  counterfeit 
coin  in  various  stages  of  manufacture — 
crowns,  half-crowns,  shillings,  and  six- 
pences. The  prisoner  was  committed  to 
Newgate  for  trial.  His  wife  was  acquitted, 
she  having  acted  under  his  direction.  He 
was  sentenced  to  fifteen  years'  transporta- 
tion. The  girl  was  sentenced  to  two  years' 
imprisonment  for  the  exceedingly  active 
part  she  had  taken  in  the  affair. 

Mr.  Brennan  on  this  occasion  was  se- 
verely injured  in  his  gallant  struggle. 

Several  years  ago  Mr.  Brennan  went  to 
apprehend  a  man  of  the  name  of  Morris 
near  Westminster.  The  street-door  of  the 
house,  which  consisted  of  three  stories,  was 
shut,  but  was  suddenly  burst  open  by  the 
blow  of  a  sledge-hammer.  On  running  up 
to  the  top  floor  he  found  his  hat  struck 
against  something,  and  found  there  was  a 
flap  let  down  over  the  "  well "  of  the  stair- 
case, which  was  dreadfully  armed  with 
iron  spii^os  of  about  three  or  four  inches 
long,  and  about  the  same  distance  apart, 
and  it  seemed  utterly  impossible  to  force  it 

Tae  man  meantime  effected  his  escape 
thiough  the  roof,  and  ran  along  the  roofs 
and  jumped  a  depth  of  twenty-five  feet  on 
the  roof  of  a  shed,  and  was  much  injured. 
He  was  carried  away  by  his  friends  to 
Birmingham,  and  kept  in  an  hospital  till 
he  recovered.  He  then  left  London  for  two 
years. 

Afterwards  he  made  his  appearance  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  Kent  Street  in  the 
Borough,  where  Mr,  Brennan  went  to  ap- 
prehend him,  assisted  by  several  other 
officers.  He  paid  him  a  visit  at  seven 
o'clock  on  a  winter's  evening.  The  coiner 
was  sitting  in  the  middle  of  the  floor 
making  half-crowns.  One  of  the  windows 
of  the  house  was  open.  On  hearing  the 
officers  approach  he  jumped  clean  out  of 
the  window  on  the  back  of  an  officer  who 
was  stationed  there  to  watch — the  height 
of  one  story.  Mr.  Brennan  followed  him 
as  he  ran  off  without  his  coat  along  some 
adjoining  streets,  and  caught  sight  of  him 
passing  through  a  back  door  that  led  into 
some  gardens.  Here  he  fled  into  a  house, 
the  floor  of  which  went  down  a  step.  There 
was  a  bed  in  the  room  with  three  children 


380 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOIL 


in  it.  Mr.  Brennan  missed  his  footing,  and 
fell  across  the  bed,  and  narrowly  escaped 
injuring  one  of  the  children  by  the  fall. 
The  father  and  mother  of  the  children  were 
standing  at  the  fire.  The  man  stepped 
forward  to  the  officer  and  was  about  to  use 
violence,  when  Mr.  Brennan  told  him  who 
he  was  and  his  errand,  which  quieted  him. 

Meantime  Mr.  Brennan  tripped  up  the 
coiner  as  he  was  endeavouring  to  escape, 
and  threw  him  on  the  floor,  secured  him 
and  put  him  into  a  cab,  where  a  low  mob, 
which  had  meantime  gathered  in  this 
disreputable  neighbourhood,  tried  to  rescue 
the  coiner  from  the  hands  of  the  officers. 
They  threw  brickbats,  stones,  and  other 
missiles  to  rescue  the  prisoner. 

While  the  officers  were  conveying  him  to 
the  police-station  this  coiner  while  hand- 
cuffed endeavoured  to  throw  himself  in  a 
fit  of  frantic  passion  beneath  the  wheels  of 
a  waggon  to  destroy  himself,  but  was 
prevented  by  the  officers.  When  in  Horse- 
monger  Gaol  he  refused  for  a  time  to  take 
any  food. 

He  was  tried  at  the  Old  Bailey,  and 
sentenced  to  thirty  years'  transportation 
for  coining  and  assaulting  the  officers  in  the 
execution  of  their  duty. 

Number  of  cases  of  coining  in  the  metro- 
politan districts  for  1860     .         .       .     6 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  City  .     0 

6 
Number  of  cases  of  putting   or   uttering 
base  coin,  &c.,  in  the  metropolitan  dis- 
tricts        616 


Forgers. 
Forgery  is  the  fraudulent  making  or  alter- 
ing a  written  instrument,  to  the  detri- 
ment of  another  person.  To  constitute  a 
forgery  it  is  not  necessary  that  the  whole 
instrument  should  be  fictitious.  Making 
an  insertion,  alteration,  or  erasure,  on  any 
material  part  of  a  genuine  document,  by 
which  any  of  the  lieges  may  be  defrauded  ; 
the  insertion  of  a  false  signature  to  a  true 
instrument,  or  a  real  signature  to  a  false 
one,  or  the  altering  of  the  date  of  a  bill 
after  acceptance,  are  all  forgeries.  There 
are  different  classes  of  these.  For  example, 
there  are  forgeries  of  bank  notes,  of  cheques, 
of  acceptances,  wills,  and  other  documents. 
JJank  Notes. — There  are  many  forgeries 
of  Bank  of  England  notes,  executed  princi- 
pally at  Birmingham.  In  the  engraving 
and  general  appearance  the  counterfeit  so 
closely  resembles  the  genuine  note,  that  an 
inexperienced  eye  might  be  easily  deceived. 


The  best  way  to  detect  them  is  carefully  to 
look  to  the  water- mark  embossed  in  the 
paper,  which  is  not  like  a  genuine  note. 
When  the  back  of  the  former  is  carefully 
inspected,  the  water-mark  will  be  found  to 
be  indented,  or  pressed  into  the  paper. 
The  paper  of  a  forged  note  is  generally  of  a 
darker  colour  than  a- good  one.  To  take 
persons  off  their  guard,  forgers  frequently 
make  the  notes  very  dirty,  so  as  to  give 
them  the  appearance  of  a  much-worn  good 
note.  They  are  frequently  uttered  by  pre- 
tended horse-dealers,  in  fairs  and  markets, 
and  at  hotels  and  public-houses  by  persons 
who  pretend  to  be  travellers,  and  who 
order  goods  from  tradespeople  in  the  pro- 
vincial towns,  and  pay  them  with  forged 
notes.  This  is  often  done  before  banking- 
hours  on  the  Monday,  when  they  might  be 
detected,  but  by  this  time  the  person  who 
may  have  offered  them  has  left  the  town. 
This  is  the  common  way  of  putting  them 
off  in  London  and  the  other  towns  in  Eng- 
land. Sometimes  they  utter  them  by  sentl- 
ing  a  woman,  dressed  as  a  servant,  to  a  pub- 
lic-house or  to  a  tradesman  for  some  article, 
and  in  this  manner  get  them  exchanged — 
perhaps  giving  the  address  of  her  master 
as  residing  in  the  vicinity,  which  is  sure  to 
be  false.  Tradesmen  are  frequently  taken 
off  their  guard  by  this  means,  and  give  an 
article,  often  of  small  value,  with  the  change 
in  return  for  a  note.  They  sometimes 
do  not  discover  it  to  be  false  till  several 
days  afterwards,  when  it  is  taken  to  the 
bank  and  detected  tliere. 

An  experienced  banking  clerk  or  a  keen- 
eyed  detective,  accustomed  to  inspect 
such  notes,  know  them  at  once.  It  some- 
times happens  they  are  so  well  executed 
that  they  pass  through  provincial  banks, 
and  are  not  detected  till  they  come  to  the 
Bank  of  England. 

They  generally  consist  of  51.  or  10?.  notes, 
and  are  given  to  agents  who  sell  them  to 
the  utterer,  and  the  makers  are  not  known 
to  them.  Knowingly  to  have  in  our  pos- 
session a  forged  bank  note,  without  a  law- 
ful excuse,  the  proof  of  which  lies  on  the 
party  charged,  or  to  have  forging  instru- 
ments in  our  possession,  is  a  criminal  of- 
fence. 

There  are  also  forged  notes  of  provincial 
banks,  but  these  are  not  so  numerous  as 
those  of  the  Bank  of  England.  The  pro- 
vincial banks  have  generally  colours  and 
engine -turned  engraving  on  their  notes. 
Some  have  a  portion  of  the  note  pink, 
green,  or  other  colours,  more  difficult  and 
expensive  to  forge  than  the  Bank  of  Eng- 
land note,  which  is  on  plain  paper  with  an 
elaborate  water-mark. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


381 


Numerous  cases  occur  before  the  crimi- 
nal courts,  where  utterers  of  forged  notes 
are  convicted  and  punished. 

A  case  of  this  kind  was  tried  at  Guildhall, 
in  October,  1861.  A  marine-store  dealer  in 
Lower  Whitecross-street  was  charged  with 
feloniously  uttering  two  forged  Bank  of 
England  notes  for  5/.  and  10/.,  with  the  in- 
tent to  defraud  Mr.  Crouch,  the  proprietor 
of  the  "  Queen's  Head  "  tavern,  in  White- 
cross  Street. 

The  store-dealer  had  waited  on  him  to 
get  them  exchanged.  Mr.  Crouch  paid 
them  to  his  distiller,  who  took  them  to  the 
Bank  of  England,  when  they  were  sent  back, 
detected  as  forgeries. 

The  prisoner  was  committed  to  Newgate. 

Many  forged  notes  of  the  Bank  of  Eng- 
land are  now  in  circulation.  They  may  be 
detected  by  wetting  them,  when  the  water- 
mark disappears.  The  vignette  is  often 
clumsily  engraved.  In  other  respects  the 
forgery  is  cleverly  executed. 

Cheques. — A  cheque  is  a  draft  or  order  on 
a  banker,  by  a  person  who  has  money  in  the 
bank,  directing  the  banker  to  pay  the  sum 
named  therein  to  the  bearer  or  the  person 
named  in  the  cheque,  which  must  be  signed 
by  the  drawer.  Cheques  are  generally  pay- 
able to  the  bearer,  but  sometimes  made 
payable  to  the  person  who  is  named  there- 
in. The  place  of  issue  must  be  named,  and 
the  check  must  bear  the  date  of  issue.  A 
crossed  cheque  has  the  name  of  a  banker 
written  across  the  face  of  it,  and  must  be 
paid  through  that  banker.  If  presented  by 
any  other  person  it  is  not  paid  without 
rigid  inquiry.  The  word  banker  includes 
any  person,  corporation,  or  Joint-Stock 
Company,  acting  as  bankers. 

The  form  of  the  cheque  is  seldom  forged  ; 
it  is  generally  the  signature.  Sometimes 
the  body  of  the  cheque  that  contains  the 
genuine  signature  is  forged.  For  instance, 
in  a  cheque  for  eight  pounds  the  letter  "  y  " 
may  be  added  to  the  word  "  eight,"  which 
makes  it  "  eighty  ;"  and  a  cypher  appended 
to  the  figure  "  8  "  making  it  "  80,"  to  cor- 
respond with  the  writing.  The  forms  of 
cheques  are  frequently  obtained  by  means  of 
a  forged  order,  such  as  A  knowing  B  to 
have  an  account  at  a  bank,  A  writes  a 
letter  to  the  banker  purporting  to  come 
from  B,  asking  for  a  cheque-book,  which  the 
banker  frequently  sends  on  the  faith  of  the 
letter'  being  genuine.  Sometimes  cheque- 
books are  stolen  by  burglars  and  other 
thieves  who  enter  business  premises.  By 
some  device  they  get  the  signature  of  a 
person  who  has  money  in  that  bank,  and 
forge  it  to  the  stolen  cheques.  It  has 
been  known  for  forgers  who  wanted  to  ob- 


tain money  from  a  bank,  to  go  to  a  solicitor 
whom  they  knew  kept  a  bank  account. 
One  of  them  would  instruct  the  solicitor  to 
enter  an  action  against  one  of  his  con- 
federates for  a  pretended  debt.  After  pro- 
ceedings had  been  instituted  the  party 
would  pay  the  amount  claimed  to  the  soli- 
citor ;  and  his  companion,  who  had  given 
instructions  in  reference  to  the  action,  then 
goes  and  gets  a  cheque  for  the  amount, 
and  by  that  means  obtains  the  genuine 
signature,  and  is  enabled  to  insert  a  fac- 
simile of  it  in  forged  cheques.  By  this 
means  he  obtains  money  from  the  bank. 
Cases  of  this  kind  very  frequently  occur. 

Sometimes  forgeries  are  done  by  clerks 
and  others  who  have  an  opportunity  of 
getting  the  signature  of  their  employer. 
They  forge  his  name,  or  alter  the  body  of 
the  cheque.  In  many  commercial  houses 
the  body  of  the  cheque  is  filled  up  by  the 
confidential  clerk  and  taken  to  the  head  of 
the  firm,  who  signs  it.  These  forgeries  are 
sometimes  for  a  small  sum,  at  other  times 
for  a  large  amount. 

Several  cases  of  uttering  forged  cheques 
were  lately  tried  before  the  police-courts. 

A  respectable-looking  young  woman,  who 
described  herself  as  a  domestic  servant, 
was  brought  before  the  Lord  Mayor,  charged 
with  uttering  a  cheque  for  5/.  18s.,  pur- 
porting to  be  signed  by  Mr.  W.  P.  Ben- 
nett, with  intent  to  defraud  a  banking  firm 
in  London.  She  had  recently  been  on  a 
visit  to  London,  and  had  been  lent  a  small 
sum  of  money  by  another  servant  in  town, 
along  with  some  dresses,  amounting  to 
10s.  6d. 

On  the  30th  October  the  latter  young 
woman  received  a  letter  from  the  prisoner, 
enclosing  a  forged  cheque,  and  at  the  same 
time  stating  that  a  young  man  with  whom 
she  had  been  keeping  company  had  died, 
and  had  given  her  this  cheque  to  get  cashed. 
If  the  servant  could  not  get  away  to  get 
the  cheque  cashed,  the  prisoner  wished  her 
to  lend  her  what  she  was  able,  to  go  to  the 
young  man's  funeral.  On  presenting  the 
cheque  at  the  banker's  the  forgery  was  dis- 
covered. 

It  appeared  from  the  evidence  that  the 
prisoner  had  been  lodging  in  the  same 
house  with  Mr.  Bennett,  whose  signature 
she  forged. 

A  young  man  of  respectable  appearance 
residing  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Fleet 
Street,  was  tried  at  Guildhall  lately,  charged 
with  uttering  a  cheque  for  61.,  well  knowing 
the  same  to  be  a  forgery.  He  had  gone  to 
the  landlord  of  a  public-house  in  Essex 
Street,  Bouverie  Street,  and  asked  him  to 
cash  it.     It  was  drawn  by  Josiah  Evans  in 


382 


LONDON  LABOUIi  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


favour  of  C.  B.  Bennett,  Esq.,  and  indorsed 
by  the  latter.  The  cheque  was  on  Sir  Benja- 
min Hajward,  Bart.,  &  Co.,  of  Manchester. 
When  presented  at  the  bank,  it  was  re- 
turned with  a  note  stating  that  no  such 
person  had  an  accovmt  there,  and  they  did 
not  know  any  of  the  names.  The  criminal 
was  then  arrested,  and  committed  for  trial. 

Forged  Acxcptance. — A  bill  of  exchange  is 
a  mercantile  contract  written  on  a  slip  of 
paper,  whereby  one  person  requests  an- 
other to  pay  money  on  his  account  to  a 
third  person  at  the  time  therein  specified. 
The  person  who  draws  the  bill  is  termed 
the  drawer,  the  party  to  whom  it  is  ad- 
dressed before  acceptance  is  called  the 
drawee — afterwards  the  acceptor.  The 
party  for  whom  it  is  drawn  is  termed  the 
payee,  who  indorses  the  bill,  and  is  then 
styled  the  indorser,  and  the  party  to  whom 
he  transfers  it  is  called  the  indorsee.  The 
person  in  possession  of  the  bill  is  termed 
the  holder. 

An  acceptance  is  an  engagement  to  pay 
the  bill,  the  person  writing  the  word  ac- 
cepted across  the  bill  with  his  name 
under  it.  This  maybe  absolute  or  qualified. 
An  absolute  acceptance  is  an  engagement  to 
pay  the  bill  according  to  its  request.  A 
qualified  acceptance  undertakes  to  do  it 
conditionally. 

Bills  are  either  inland  or  foreign.  The 
inland  bill  is  on  one  piece  of  paper  ;  foreign 
bills  generally  consist  of  three  parts  called  a 
"set;"  so  that  should  the  bearer  lose  one, 
he  may  receive  payment  for  the  other. 
Each  part  contains  a  condition  that  it  shall 
be  paid  provided  the  others  are  unpaid. 
These  bills  require  to  have  a  stamp  of 
proper  value  to  make  them  valid. 

Forgeries  of  bills  seldom  consist  of  the 
whole  bill,  but  either  the  acceptor's  sig- 
nature, or  that  of  the  drawer,  or  the  in- 
dorser. Sometimes  the  contents  of  the 
bill  is  altered  to  make  it  payable  earlier. 

These  forgeries  are  not  so  numerous,  and 
are  frequently  done  by  parties  who  get  the 
bills  in  a  surreptitious  way.  It  often  hap- 
pens that  one  party  draws  the  bill  in  an- 
other name,  foi-ging  the  acceptance,  and 
passes  it  to  a  third  party  who  is  innocent 
of  the  foi-gery.  If  the  person  who  forged 
the  acceptance,  pays  the  money  to  the 
bank  where  the  bill  is  payable  when  it  is 
due,  the  forgery  is  not  detected.  When  he 
is  not  able  to  pay  in  the  money  it  is  dis- 
covered. It  happens  in  this  way  :  A  B  and 
C  are  commercial  men,  A  stands  well  in 
the  commercial  world  ;  B  draws  a  bill  in 
his  name,  and  without  his  knowledge.  The 
name  of  A  being  good,  the  bill  passes  to  C 
without  any  suspicion.     If  B  can  meet  it 


at  the  time  it  is  due,  A  does  not  know  that 
his  name  has  been  used. 

If  the  bill  is  not  paid  at  the  proper  time, 
C  takes  it  to  A,  and  thus  discovers  the 
forgery. 

Forged  Wills. — A  will  is  a  written  docu- 
ment in  which  the  testator  disposes  of  his 
property  after  his  death.  It  is  not  neces- 
sary that  it  should  be  written  on  stamped 
paper,  as  no  stamp  duty  is  required  till  the 
death  of  the  testator,  when  the  will  is 
proved  in  court  in  the  district  where  he 
resided.  The  essentials  are  that  it  should 
be  legible,  and  so  intelligible,  that  the  tes- 
tator's intention  can  be  clearly  understood. 

If  the  will  is  not  signed  by  the  testator, 
it  must  be  signed  by  some  other  person  by 
his  direction,  and  in  his  presence  ;  two  or 
more  witnesses  being  present  who  must 
attest  that  the  will  was  signed,  and  the  sig- 
nature acknowledged  by  the  testator  in 
their  presence. 

No  will  is  valid  unless  signed  at  the  foot 
of  the  page,  or  at  the  end  by  the  testator,  or 
by  some  other  person  in  his  presence,  and 
by  his  direction.  Marriage  revokes  a  will 
previously  made. 

A  codicil  is  a  supplement,  or  addition  to 
the  will,  altering  some  part,  or  making  an 
addition.  It  may  be  written  on  the  same 
document,  or  on  another  paper,  and  folded 
up  with  the  original  instrument.  There 
can  only  be  one  will,  yet  there  may  be  a 
number  of  codicils  attached  to  it,  and  the 
l^st  is  equally  binding  as  the  first,  if  they 
are  not  contradictory. 

Forgeries  of  wills  are  generally  done  by 
relations,  who  get  a  fictitious  will  prepared 
in  their  favour  contrary  to  the  genuine 
will.  On  the  death  of  the  supposed  tes- 
tator, the  forged  will  is  put  forth  as  the 
genuine  one,  and  the  other  is  destroyed. 

All  parties  expecting  property  on  the 
death  of  a  relative  or  friend,  and  finding 
none,  should  be  careful  to  have  the  signa- 
tures of  the  witnesses  examined,  to  test 
whether  they  are  genuine  ;  and  also  the 
signature  of  the  testator. 

Every  will  can  be  seen  at  the  district 
court,  where  they  are  proved,  on  the  pay- 
ment of  a  shilling.  Such  an  examination 
is  the  only  likely  method  of  detecting  the 
forgery. 

There  are  several  other  classes  of  forgery 
in  addition  to  those  already  noticed,  such  as 
forging  certificates  of  character,  and  bills 
of  lading. 

A  case  of  the  latter  kind  was  recently 
tried  at  Guildhall.  A  merchant,  near  the 
Haymarket,  and  an  artist  also  in  the  West- 
end,  were  arraigned  with  having  feloniously 
forged  and  altered  certain  bills  of  lading ; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOJL 


383 


one  of  these  represented  ten  casks  of  alkali 
amounting  to  the  value  of  84Z.,  and  another, 
twenty-six  casks  of  alkali  worth  140/.,  with 
the  intention  of  defrauding  certain  mer- 
chants in  London.  All  the  bills  of  lading 
were  with  one  exception  to  a  certain  extent 
genuine,  that  is,  were  filled  up  in  the  first 
instance.  But  after  being  signed  by  the 
wharfinger,  they  were  altered  by  the  intro- 
duction of  words  and  figures,  to  represent 
a  larger  quantity  of  goods  than  had  been 
shipped.  The  prisoners  were  committed 
for  trial. 


Number  of  cases  of  forgery  in  the  metro- 
politan districts  for  the  year  1860 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  Oity 


27 
20 

47 


Amount   of  loss  thereby  in  the  metro- 
politan districts      ..  ..  ..      £2o4 

Ditto  ditto  in  the  City         ..       736 

£990 


CHEATS. 


Embezzlers. 


This  is  the  crime  of  a  servant  appropria- 
ting to  his  own  use  the  money  or  goods 
received  by  him  on  account  of  his  master, 
and  is  perpetrated  in  the  metropolis  by 
persons  both  in  inferior  and  superior  posi- 
tions. 

Were  a  party  to  advance  money  or  goods 
to  an  acquaintance  or  friend,  for  which  the 
latter  did  not  give  a  proper  return,  the  case 
v;ould  be  difierent,  and  require  to  be  sued 
for  in  a  civil  action. 

Embezzlement  is  often  committed  by 
journeymen  bakers  entrusted  by  their 
employers  with  quantities  of  bread  to  dis- 
tribute to  customers  in  different  parts  of 
the  metropolis,  by  brewer  s  draymen  de- 
livering malt  liquors,  by  carmen  and  others 
engaged  in  their  various  errands.  A  case 
of  this  kind  occurred  recently.  A  carman 
in  the  service  of  a  coal  merchant  in  the 
West-end  was  charged  with  embezzling 
61.  Is.  6d.  He  had  been  in  the  habit  of 
going  out  with  coals  to  customers,  and  was 
empowered  to  receive  the  money,  but  had 
gone  into  a  public-house  on  his  return,  got 
intoxicated,  and  lost  the  whole  of  his  cash. 
He  was  tried  at  Westminster  Police  Court, 
and  sentenced  to  pay  a  fine  of  lOl.  with 
costs.  This  crime  is  frequent  among  this 
class.  The  chief  inducements  which  lead 
to  it  are  the  habits  of  drinking,  prevalent 
among  them,  gambling  in  beer-shops,  at- 
tending music-saloons,  such  as  the  Mogul, 
Drury  Lane,  and  Paddy's  Goose,  Eatclifte 
Hi2;hway,  and  attending  running  matches. 
Their  pay  is  not  sufficient  to  enable 
them  to  indulge  in  those  habits,  and  this 
leads  them  to  commit  the  crime  of  embezzle- 
ment. 


Persons  in  trade  frequently  send  out 
their  shopmen  to  receive  orders,  and  ob- 
tain payment  for  goods  supplied  to  families 
at  their  residence,  and  are  occasionally  en- 
trusted with  goods  on  stalls.  In  June, 
1861,  a  respectable-looking  young  man,  was 
placed  at  the  bar  of  the  Southwark  Police 
Court,  charged  with  having  embezzled  39Z., 
the  property  of  a  bookselling  firm  in  the 
Strand.  He  had  been  entrusted  with  a 
stall  where  he  sold  books  and  newspapers, 
and  was  called  to  account  for  the  receij^ts 
daily.  One  day  he  neglected  to  send  81., 
the  receipts  of  the  previous  Saturday,  and 
for  other  seven  days  he  had  given  no  proper 
count  and  reckoning.  Pie  admitted  the 
neglect,  and  confessed  he  had  appropriated 
the  money.  He  was  paid  at  the  rate  of 
11.  10s.  a  month,  which  with  commission 
amounted  to  about  61.  or  71. 

A  clerk  and  salesman  in  the  service  of  a 
draper  in  Camberwell,  was  charged  with 
embezzling  various  sums  of  money  belong- 
ing to  his  employer.  It  was  his  duty  each 
night  to  account  for  the  goods  he  disposed 
of,  and  the  money  he  received.  One  morn- 
ing he  went  out  with  a  quantity  of  goods, 
and  did  not  return  at  the  proper  time, 
when  his  employer  found  him  in  a  beer- 
shop  in  the  Blackfriars  Road.  On  asking 
him  what  had  become  of  the  goods,  he 
replied  he  had  left  them  at  a  public-house 
in  the  Borough,  which  was  untrue.  In  the 
account-book  found  upon  him  it  was  ascer- 
tained that  he  had  received  several  sums  of 
money  he  had  not  accoun«ted  for. 

A  robbery  by  a  young  man  of  this  class 
was  very  ingeniously  detected  a  few  weeks 
ago,  and  brought  before  the  Marlborough 
Police  Court. 

A  shopman  to  a  cheesemonger  in  Oxford 


384 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Street  was  charged  with  steahng  money 
from  the  tiU.  He  had  been  in  his  em- 
ployer's service  for  ten  months,  and  served 
at  the  counter  along  with  three  other  shop- 
men. The  cheesemonger  having  found  a 
considerable  deficiency  in  his  receipts  sus- 
pected his  honesty,  especially  as  he  was  in 
the  habit  of  attending  places  of  amuse- 
ment, and  indulging  in  other  extravagances 
he  knew  were  beyond  his  means.  He 
marked  three  half-crowns,  and  put  them  in 
the  till  to  which  the  young  man  had  access. 
Soon  after  he  saw  the  latter  put  in  his 
hand,  and  take  out  a  piece  of  money.  He 
made  an  excuse  to  send  the  shopman  out 
for  a  moment,  and  on  examining  the  till, 
missed  one  of  the  marked  pieces  of  money. 
He  thereupon  gave  information  to  the  po- 
lice, and  again  placed  money  in  the  till 
similarly  marked,  leaving  a  police-officer 
on  the  watch.  The  shopman  was  again 
detected,  he  was  then  arrested,  and  taken 
to  the  police-station. 

Many  young  men  of  this  class  are  wretch- 
edly paid  by  their  employers,  and  have 
barely  enough  to  maintain  them  and  keep 
them  in  decent  clothing.  Many  of  them 
spend  their  money  foolishly  on  extravagant 
dress,  or  associating  with  girls,  attending 
music-saloons,  such  as  Weston's,  in  Hol- 
born  ;  the  Pavilion,  near  the  Haymarket ; 
Canterbury  Hall ;  the  Philharmonic,  Isling- 
ton ;  and  others.  Some  frequent  the  Gre- 
cian Theatre,  City  Road,  and  other  gay 
resorts,  and  are  led  into  crime.  In  one 
season  eighteen  girls  were  known  to  have 
been  seduced  by  fast  young  men,  and  to  be- 
come prostitutes  through  attending  rnusic- 
saloons  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Tottenham 
Court  Road. 

Embezzlements  are  occasionally  commit- 
ted by  females  of  various  classes.  Some 
of  them,  by  fraudulent  representations,  ob- 
tain goods  from  various  tradesmen,  con- 
sisting of  candles,  soap,  sugar,  as  on  ac- 
count of  their  customers.  Some  women  of 
y  higher  class,  such  as  dressmakers,  and 
others,  are  entrusted  with  merinos,  silks, 
satins,  and  other  drapery  goods  which  they 
embezzle. 

A  young  married  woman  was  lately  tried 
at  Guildhall,  on  a  charge  of  disposing 
of  a  quantity  of  silk  entrusted  to  her. 
It  appeared  from  the  evidence  of  the 
salesman  of  the  silk  manufacturer,  that 
this  female  applied  to  him  for  work,  at 
same  time  producing  a  written  recommend- 
ation, purporting  to  come  from  a  person 
known  by  the  firm.  Materials  to  the  value 
of  51.  15s.  were  given  her  to  be  wrought  up 
into  an  article  of  dress.  On  applying  for 
it  at  the  proper  time,  he  found  she  had  sold 


the  materials,  and  had  left  her  lodging. 
While  the  work  was  supposed  to  be  in  pro- 
gress, the  firm  had  also  given  her  21.  13s., 
on  partial  payment.  She  pleaded  poverty 
as  the  cause  of  her  embezzling  the  goods. 

Parties  connected  with  public  societies 
occasionally  embezzle  the  money  commit- 
ted to  their  charge.  The  secretary  of  a 
friendly  society  in  the  east-end,  was  brought 
before  the  Thames  Police  Court,  charged 
with  embezzling  various  sums  of  money 
he  had  received  on  account  of  the  society. 
The  secretary  of  another  friendly  society 
on  the  Surrey  side,  was  lately  charged  at 
Southwark  Police  Court  with  embezzling 
upwards  of  1 00/.  This  society  has  branches 
in  all  parts  of  the  kingdom,  but  the  central 
office  is  in  the  metropolis.  The  secretary 
had  been  in  their  service  for  upwards  of 
two  years,  at  a  fixed  salary.  It  was  his 
duty  to  receive  contributions  from  the 
country,  and  town  members ;  and  to  account 
for  the  same  to  the  treasurer.  He  recently 
absconded,  when  large  defalcations  were 
discovered  amounting  to  upwards  of  100/. 

A  considerable  number  of  embezzlements 
are  committed  by  commercial  travellers, 
and  by  clerks  in  lawyers'  offices,  banks,  com- 
mercial firms,  and  government  offices.  Some 
of  them  of  great  and  serious  amounts. 

Tradesmen  and  others  in  the  middle 
class,  and  some  respectable  labouring  men, 
and  mechanics,  place  their  sons  in  count- 
ing-houses, or  other  establishments  supe- 
rior to  their  ov/n  p)osition ;  these  foolishly 
try  to  maintain  the  appearance  of  their 
fellow-clerks  who  have  ampler  pecuniary 
means.  This  often  leads  to  embezzling 
the  property  of  the  employer  or  firm. 

Crimes  of  this  class  are  occasionally  com- 
mitted by  lawyers'  clerks,  who  are  in  many 
cases  wretchedly  paid,  as  well  as  by  some 
who  have  handsome  salaries.  Numerous 
embezzlements  are  also  perpetrated  in  com- 
mercial firms,  by  their  servants  ;  some  of 
them  to  the  value  of  many  thousand  pounds. 

A  commercial  traveller  was  lately  brought 
up  at  the  Mansion  House,  charged  with 
embezzlement.  It  appears  he  travelled  for 
a  firm  in  the  City,  and  had  been  above  ten 
years  in  their  service  at  a  salary  of  1/.  Is. 
per  day.  It  was  his  duty  to  take  orders 
and  collect  accounts  as  they  became  due. 
Some  days  he  received  from  the  customers 
certain  sums  and  afterwards  paid  a  less 
amount  to  the  firm,  keeping  the  rest  of  the 
money  in  his  hands,  which  he  appropriated. 
Another  day  he  received  a  sum  of  money 
he  never  accounted  for.  He  was  committed 
for  trial. 

An  embezzlement  was  committed  by  a 
cashier  to  a  commercial  firm  in  the  Cit3^ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


385 


It  appeared  from  tlie  evidence,  he  had  been 
in  the  service  of  his  employers  for  ten  years, 
and  kept  the  petty  cash-book  ;  with  an  ac- 
count of  all  sums  paid.  He  had  to  account 
for  the  amounts  given  him  as  petty  cash, 
and  for  disbursements  whenever  he  should 
be  called. 

From  the  extravagant  style  in  which  he 
was  living,  which  reached  the  ear  of  the 
firm,  their  suspicions  were  aroused,  and 
one  of  them  asked  him  to  bring  his  books 
into  the  counting-house,  and  render  the 
customary  account  of  the  petty  cash.  His 
employer  discovered  the  balance  of  some  of 
the  pages  did  not  correspond  with  the 
balance  brought  forward,  and  asked  the 
cashier  to  account  for  it ;  when  he  acknow- 
ledged that  he  had  appropriated  the  dif- 
ference to  his  own  use. 

Several  items  were  then  pointed  out, 
ranging  over  a  number  of  months,  in  which 
he  had  plundered  his  employers  of  several 
hundred  pounds.  This  was  efi'ected  in  a 
very  simple  way  ;  by  carrying  the  balance 
of  the  cash  in  hand  to  the  top  of  next  page 
100/.  less  than  it  was  on  the  preceding 
page,  and  by  calling  the  disbursements 
when  his  employers  checked  the  accounts, 
100?.  more  than  they  really  were. 

The  books  of  commercial  firms  are  fre- 
quently falsified  in  other  modes,  to  effect 
embezzlements. 

These  defalcations  often  arise  from  fast 
}ife,  extravagant  habits,  and  gambling. 
Many  fashionable  clerks  in  lawyers'  offices, 
banks,  and  Government  offices,  frequent 
the  Oxford  and  Alhambra  music  halls,  the 
West-end  theatres,  concerts,  and  operas. 
They  attend  the  Holborn  Assembly-room 
and  the  Argyle  Rooms,  and  are  frequently 
to  be  seen  at  masked  balls,  and  at  Cremorne 
Gardens  during  the  season.  They  occasion- 
ally indulge  in  midnight  carousals  in  the 
Turkish  divans  and  supper-rooms.  Some 
Government  clerks  have  high  salaries,  and 
keep  a  mistress  in  fashionable  style,  with 
brougham  and  coachman,  and  footman; 
others  maintain  their  family  in  a  style 
their  salary  is  unable  to  support,  all  of 
which  lead  them  step  by  step  to  embezzle- 
ment and  ruin. 

Number  of  cases  of  embezzlement  in  the 
Metropolitan  districts  for  1860     ..      223 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  City        . .       70 

293 
Value  of  money  and  property  abstracted 
thereby  in  the  Metropolitan  districts— 

£5,271 
Ditto  ditto  in  the  City     , .        2,660 


£7,931 


Magsmen,  or  Sharpers. 

This  is  a  peculiar  class  of  unprincipled 
men,  who  play  tricks  with  cards,  skittles,  &c. 
t&c,  and  lay  wagers  with  the  view  of  cheat- 
ing those  strangers  who  may  have  the  mis- 
fortune to  be  in  their  company. 

Their  mode  of  operation  is  this :  There 
are  generally  three  of  them  in  a  gang — 
seldom  or  never  less.  They  go  out  to- 
gether, but  do  not  walk  beside  each  other 
when  they  are  at  work.  One  may  be  on 
the  one  side  of  the  street,  and  the  other 
two  arm-in-arm  on  the  other.  They  gene- 
rally dress  well,  and  in  various  styles,  some 
are  attired  as  gentlemen,  others  as  country 
farmers.  In  one  gang,  a  sharper  is  dressed 
as  a  coachman  in  livery,  and  in  another 
they  have  a  confederate  attired  as  a  parson, 
and  wearing  green  spectacles. 

Many  of  them  start  early  in  the  morn- 
ing from  the  bottom  of  Holborn  Hill,  and 
branch  off  in  difi^erent  directions  in  search 
of  dupes.  They  frequent  Fleet  Street, 
Oxford  Street,  Strand,  Eegent  Street,  Shore- 
ditch,  Whitechapel,  Commercial  Road,  the 
vicinity  of  the  railway  stations,  and  the 
docks.  They  are  generally  to  be  seen  wan- 
dering about  the  streets  till  four  o'clock  in 
the  afternoon,  unless  they  have  succeeded 
in  picking  up  a  stranger  hkely  to  be  a  victim. 
They  visit  the  British  Museum,  St.  Paul's, 
Westminster  Abbey,  and  the  Crystal  Pa- 
lace, &c.,  and  on  market  days  attend  the 
fairs. 

The  person  who  walks  the  street  in  front 
of  the  gang,  is  generally  the  most  engaging 
and  social ;  che  other  two  keep  in  sight, 
and  watch  his  movements.  As  the  former 
proceeds  along  he  keenly  observes  the  per- 
sons passing.  If  he  sees  a  countryman  or  a 
foreigner  pass  who  appears  to  have  money, 
or  a  person  loitering  by  a  shop-window,  he 
steps  up  to  him  and  probably  enters  into 
conversation  regarding  some  object  in  sight. 

For  instance,  in  passing  Somerset  House 
in  the  Strand,  he  will  go  up  to  him  and  ask 
what  noble  building  that  is,  hinting  at  the 
same  time  that  he  is  a  stranger  in  London. 
It  frequently  occurs  that  the  individual 
he  addresses  is  also  a  stranger  in  London. 
Having  entered  into  conversation,  the  first 
object  he  has  in  view  is  to  learn  from  the 
person  the  locality  to  which  he  belongs. 
The  sharp  informs  him  he  has  some  rela- 
tion there,  or  knows  some  person  in  the 
town  or  district.  (Many  of  the  magsmen 
have  travelled  a  good  deal,  and  are  ac- 
quainted with  many  localities,  some  of  them 
speak  several  foreign  languages.)  He  may 
then  represent  that  he  has  a  good  deal  of 
property,  and  is  going  back  to  this  village 


2  C 


J86 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


to  give  so  much  money  to  the  poor.  It 
sometimes  occurs  in  the  course  of  conver- 
sation he  proposes  to  give  the  stranger  a 
sum  of  money  to  distribute  among  the 
poor  of  his  district,  as  he  is  speciahy  in- 
terested in  them,  and  may  at  the  same  time 
produce  his  pocket-book,  with  a  bundle  of 
flash  notes.  This  may  occur  in  walking 
along  the  street.  He  will  then  propose  to 
enter  a  beer-shop,  or  gin-palace  to  have  a 
glass  of  ale  or  wine.  They  go  in  accordingly. 
When  standing  at  the  bar,  or  seated  in  the 
parlour,  one  of  his  confederates,  enters,  and 
calls  for  a  glass  of  liquor. 

This  party  appears  to  be  a  total  stranger 
to  his  companion.  He  soon  enters  as  it 
were  casually  into  conversation,  and  they 
possibly  speak  of  their  bodily  strength.  A 
bet  is  made  that  one  of  them  cannot  throw 
a  weight  as  many  yards  as  the  other.  They 
make  a  wager,  and  the  stranger  is  asked  to 
go  with  them  as  a  referee,  to  decide  the 
bet.  They  may  call  a  cab,  and  adjourn  to 
some  well-known  skittle-alley.  On  going 
there  they  find  another  confederate,  who 
also  pretends  to  be  unacquainted  with  the 
others.  One  of  the  two  who  made  the 
wager  as  to  throwing  the  weight  may  pace 
the  skittle-ground  to  find  its  dimensions, 
and  pretend  it  is  not  long  enough. 

They  will  then  possibly  propose  to  have 
a  game  at  skittles,  and  will  bet  with  each 
other  that  they  will  throw  down  the  pins 
in  so  many  throws. 

The  sharp  who  introduced  the  stranger, 
and  assumes  to  be  his  friend,  always  is 
allowed  to  win,  perhaps  from  5s.  to  10s.,  or 
more,  as  the  case  may  be.  He  plays  well, 
and  the  other  is  not  so  good.  Up  to  this 
time  the  intended  victim  has  no  hand  in 
the  game.  Another  bet  is  made,  and  the 
stranger  is  possibly  induced  to  join  in  it 
with  his  agreeable  companion,  and  it  is 
generally  arranged  that  he  wins  the  first 
time. 

He  is  persuaded  to  bet  for  a  higher 
amount  by  himself,  and  not  in  partnership, 
which  he  loses,  and  continues  to  do  so 
every  time  till  he  has  lost  all  he  possessed. 

He  is  invariably  called  out  to  the  bar  by 
the  man  who  introduced  him  to  the  house, 
when  they  have  a  glass  together,  and  in  the 
meantime  the  others  escape. 

The  sharp  will  say  to  the  victim  after 
staying  there  a  short  time,  "  I  believe  these 
men  not  to  be  honest ;  I'll  go  and  see  where 
they  have  gone,  and  try  and  get  your  money 
back."  He  goes  out  with  the  pretence  of 
looking  after  them,  and  walks  off.  The 
victim  proceeds  in  search  of  them,  and  finds 
they  have  decamped  leaving  him  penniless. 

They  have  a  very  ingenious  mode  of  find- 


ing out  if  the  person  they  accost  has  money 
in  his  pocket.  This  is  done  after  he  is  in- 
troduced into  the  public-house  when  get- 
ting a  glass  of  ale.  The  second  confederate 
comes  in  invariably.  The  two  magsmen 
begin  to  converse  as  to  the  money  they 
have  with  them.  One  pretends  he  has  so 
much  money,  which  the  other  will  dispute. 
They  possibly  appear  to  get  very  angry, 
and  one  of  them  makes  a  bet  that  he  can 
produce  more  money  than  any  in  the  com- 
pany. They  then  take  out  their  cash,  and 
induce  the  stranger  to  do  so,  to  find  which 
of  them  has  got  the  highest  amount.  They 
thus  learn  how  much  money  he  has  in  his 
possession. 

When  they  find  he  has  a  sufficient  sum, 
they  adjourn  to  a  house  they  are  accustomed 
to  use  for  the  purpose  of  paying  the  sum 
lost  by  the  wager.  It  generally  happens 
the  stranger  has  most,  and  wins  the 
bet. 

On  arriving  at  this  house  they  wish  a 
stamped  receipt  for  the  cash.  Being  a 
stranger  he  is  asked  as  a  security  to  leave 
something  as  a  deposit  till  he  returns.  At 
the  same  time  this  sharp  takes  out  a  bag  of 
money  containing  medals  instead  of  sove- 
reigns, or  a  pocket-book  with  flash  notes. 

He  soon  comes  back  with  a  receipt  stamp, 
but  a  dispute  invariably  arises  whether  it 
will  do.  He  suggests  that  seme  one  else 
should  go  and  get  one.  The  stranger  is 
urged  to  go  for  one.  In  the  same  manner 
he  leaves  money  on  the  table  as  a  security 
that  he  will  return. 

He  may  not  know  where  to  get  the  re- 
ceipt stamp,  and  one  of  them  proposes  to 
accompany  him.  They  walk  along  some 
distance  together,  when  this  man  will  say, 
"  I  don't  much  like  these  two  men  you 
have  left  your  money  with  ;  do  you  know 
them  ?'  He  wiU  then  advise  him  to  go 
back,  and  see  if  his  cash  is  all  right.  On 
his  return  he  finds  them  both  gone,  and  his 
money  has  also  disappeared. 

We  shall  now  notice  several  of  the  tricks 
they  practise  to  delude  their  victims. 

The  Card  tricks. — These  are  not  often 
practised  in  London  but  generally  at 
racecourses  and  country  fairs,  or  where  any 
pastime  is  going  on.  Only  three  cards  are 
used.  There  is  one  picture  card  along 
with  two  others.  They  play  with  them 
generally  on  the  ground  or  on  their  knee. 
There  are  always  several  persons  in  a  gang 
at  this  game.  One  works  the  cards,  shufi- 
ling  them  together,  and  then  deals  them  on 
the  ground.  They  bet  two  to  one  no  one 
will  find  the  picture  card  (the  Knave,  King, 
or  Queen).  One  of  the  confederates  makes 
a  bet  that  he  can  find  it,  and  throws  down 


o 

X 

m 

o 

pa 

1—1 

a 

H 
« 

o 
o 


o 

tin 

CO 

« 

w 
?^ 

o 

2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  FOOR. 


387 


a  sovereign  or  half-sovereign,  as  the  case 
may  be. 

He  picks  up  one  of  the  cards,  which  will 
be  the  picture  card,  or  the  one  they  pro- 
pose to  find.  The  sharp  dealing  the  cards 
bets  that  no  one  will  find  the  same  card 
again.  Some  simpleton  in  the  crowd  will 
possibly  bet  from  1/.  to  10^.  that  ne  can  find 
it.  He  picks  up  a  card,  which  is  not  the 
picture  card  and  cannot  be,  as  it  has  been 
secretly  removed  from  the  pack,  and  ano- 
ther card  has  been  substituted  in  its  place. 

Skittles. — They  generally  depend  on  the 
ability  of  one  of  their  gang  when  engaged 
in  this  game,  so  that  he  shall  be  able  to 
take  the  advantage  when  wanted.  When 
they  bet  and  find  their  opponent  is  expert, 
he  is  expected  to  be  able  to  beat  him.  In 
every  gang  there  is  generally  one  superior 
player.  He  may  pretend  to  play  indif- 
ferently for  a  time,  but  has  generally  su- 
perior skill,  and  wins  the  bet. 

Thimble  and  Pea, — It  is  done  in  this  way. 
There  are  three  thimbles  and  a  pea.  These 
are  generally  worked  by  a  man  dressed  as 
a  countryman,  with  a  smock-frock,  at 
country  fairs,  race-courses,  and  other  places 
without  the  metropolitan  police  district. 
They  commence  by  working  the  pea  from 
one  thimble  to  another,  similar  to  the  card 
trick,  and  bet  in  the  same  way  until  some 
person  in  the  company — not  a  confederate 
— will  bet  that  he  can  find  the  pea.  He 
lifts  up  one  of  the  thimbles  and  ascertains 
that  it  is  not  there.  Meantime  the  pea  has 
been  removed.  It  is  secreted  under  the 
thumb  nail  of  the  sharp,  and  is  not  under 
either  of  the  thimbles. 

TJie  Loch. — While  the  sharps  are  seated  in 
a  convenient  house  with  their  dupe,  a  man, 
a  confederate  of  theirs,  may  come  in, 
dressed  as  a  hawker,  offering  various  articles 
for  sale.  He  will  produce  a  lock  which  can 
be  easily  opened  by  a  key  in  their  presence. 
He  throws  the  lock  down  on  the  table  and 
bets  any  one  in  the  room  they  cannot  open 
it.  One  of  his  companions  will  make  a  bet 
that  he  can  open  it.  He  takes  it  up,  opens 
it  easily,  and  wins  the  wager. 

He  will  show  the  stranger  how  it  is 
opened  ;  after  which,  by  a  swift  movement 
of  his  hand,  he  substitutes  another  similar 
lock  in  its  place  which  cannot  be  opened. 
The  former  is  induced  possibly  to  bet  that 
he  is  able  to  open  it. 

The  lock  is  handed  to  him  ;  he  thinks  it 
is  the  same  and  tries  to  open  it,  but  does 
not  succeed,  and  loses  his  wager. 

There  are  various  other  tricks  somewhat 
of  a  similar  character,  on  which  they  lay 
wagers  an  J  plunder  their  dupes.  They  have 
a  considerable  number  of  moves  with  cards. 


and  are  ever  inventing  new  dodges  or 
"  pulls  "  as  they  term  them. 

They  chiefly  confine  themselves  on  most 
occasions  to  the  tricks  we  have  noticed. 
Sometimes,  however,  they  j^lay  at  whist, 
cribbage,  roulette,  loo,  and  other  card 
games,  and  manage  to  get  the  advantage  in 
many  ways.  One  of  them  will  look  at  the 
cards  of  his  opponent  when  playing,  and 
will  telegraph  to  some  of  the  others  by 
various  signs  and  motions,  understood 
among  themselves,  but  unintelHgible  to  a 
stranger. 

The  same  sharpers  who  walk  the  streets 
of  London  attend  country  fairs  and  race- 
courses, in  different  dress  and  appearance, 
as  if  they  had  no  connexion  with  each 
other. 

It  often  happens  one  of  them  is  arrested 
for  these  offences  and  is  remanded.  Before 
the  expiry  of  the  time  his  confederates  ge- 
nerally manage  to  see  the  dupe,  and  restore 
his  property  on  the  condition  he  shall  keep 
out  of  the  way  and  allow  the  case  to  drop. 
The  female  who  cohabits  with  him,  or  pos- 
sibly his  wife,  may  call  on  him  for  this  pur- 
pose, and  give  him  part  or  the  whole  of  his 
money. 

Their  ages  average  from  twenty  to  sixty 
years.  Many  of  them  are  married  and  have 
families ;  others  cohabit  with  well-dressed 
women — pickpockets  and  shoplifters. 

Some  are  in  better  condition  than  others. 
They  are  occasionally  shabbily  dressed  and 
in  needy  condition  ;  at  other  times  in  most 
respectable  attire — some  appear  as  men  of 
fashion. 

They  are  generally  very  heartless  in  plun- 
dering their  dupes.  Not  content  with 
stripping  him  of  the  money  he  may  have 
on  his  person — sometimes  a  large  sum — 
they  try  to  get  the  cash  he  has  deposited  in 
the  bank,  and  strip  him  of  his  watch  and 
chain,  leaving  him  without  a  shilling  in  his 
pocket. 

There  is  no  formal  association  between 
the  several  gangs,  yet  from  their  movements 
there  appears  to  be  an  understanding  be- 
tween them.  For  example,  if  a  certain 
gang  has  plundered  a  victim  in  Oxford 
Street,  it  will  likely  remove  to  another  dis- 
trict for  a  time,  and  another  party  of  mags- 
men  will  take  their  place. 

Magsmen  are  of  various  grades.  Some 
are  broken-down  tradesmen,  others  have 
been  brokers  and  publicans  and  french- 
polishers,  while  part  of  their  number  are 
convicted  felons.  Numbers  of  them  are  bet- 
ting-men and  attend  races ;  indeed  most  of 
them  are  connected  with  this  disreputable 
class.  Many  of  them  reside  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood  of   Waterloo  lload   and   King's 

2  c  2 


388 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


Cross,  and  in  quiet  streets  over  the  metro- 
polis. 

They  are  frequently  brought  before  the 
police-courts,  charged  with  conspiracy  with 
intent  to  defraud  ;  but  the  matter  is  in 
general  secretly  arranged  with  the  prose- 
cutor, and  the  case  is  allowed  to  drop. 

Sometimes  when  the  sharps  cannot  ma- 
nage to  defraud  the  strangers  they  meet 
with,  they  snatch  their  money  from  them 
with  violence. 

In  the  beginning  of  November,  1861, 
two  sharps  were  brought  before  the  Croy- 
don police-court,  charged  with  being  con- 
cerned, with  others  not  in  custody,  in 
stealing  116?.,  the  property  of  a  baker, 
residing  in  the  country. 

As  the  prosecutor,  a  young  man,  was 
going  along  a  country  road  he  met  one  of 
the  sharps  and  a  man  not  in  custody.  At 
this  time  there  were  four  men  on  the  road 
playing  cards.  lie  remained  for  a  few 
minutes  looking  at  them.  The  man  who 
was  the  companion  of  the  sharp  asked 
him  to  accompany  him  to  a  railway  hotel, 
and  ordered  a  glass  of  ale  for  himself. 

A  man  not  in  custody  then  asked  a  sharp 
to  lend  him  some  money,  saying  he  would 
get  him  good  security ;  upon  which  the 
latter  offered  to  lend  him  the  sum  of  oOl. 
at  five  per  cent,  interest.  On  the  stranger 
being  represented  to  this  person  as  a  friend, 
lie  offered  to  lend  him  as  large  a  sum  of 
money  as  he  could  produce  himself,  to 
show  that  he  was  a  respectable  and  sub- 
stantial person.  The  sharp  then  told  the 
baker  to  go  home  and  get  100?.  and  he 
would  lend  him  that  sum.  He  did  so,  one 
of  the  sharps  accompanying  him  nearly  all 
the  way  to  his  house.  The  dupe  returned 
with  a  10?.  note.  They  told  him  it  was  not 
enough,  and  wished  him  to  leave  it  in  their 
hands  and  to  bring  100?.  He  went  out 
leaving  the  10?.  on  the  table  as  security  for 
his  coming  back  with  more  money. 

He  returned  with  100?.  in  bank  notes  and 
gold  and  counted  it  out  on  the  table. 
The  sharp  pretended  then  to  be  willing  to 
lend  100?.  at  five  per  cent.,  but  added  that  he 
must  have  a  stamped  receipt.  The  dupe  left 
his  money  on  the  table  covered  with  his 
handkerchief,  and  went  out  to  get  a  stamp, 
and  on  his  return  found  the  sharps  and  his 
money  had  disappeared. 

A  few  days  after,  the  victim  happening  to 
be  in  London,  saw  one  of  them  in  the 
street,  and  gave  him  into  custody. 

A  few  weeks  ago  three  skittle-sharj^s, 
well-dressed  men,  were  brought  before  the 
South wark  poUce  court,  charged  with  rob- 
bing a  country  waiter  of  40?.  in  Bank 
of  England  notes.     It  appeared  from  the 


evidence,  that  the  prosecutor  met  a  man 
in  High  Street,  Southwark,  on  an  afternoon, 
who  offered  to  show  him  the  way  to  the 
Borough  Road.  They  entered  a  public- 
house  on  the  way,  when  the  other  prisonery 
came  in.  One  of  them  pulled  out  a  number 
of  notes,  and  said  he  had  just  come  into 
j)ossession  of  a  fortune.  It  was  suggested,  in 
the  course  of  conversation,  they  should  go 
to  another  house  to  throw  a  weight,  and  the 
prosecutor  was  to  go  and  see  they  had  fair 
play. 

They  accordingly  went  to  another  house, 
but  instead  of  throwing  the  weight,  skittles 
were  introduced,  and  they  played  several 
games.  The  prosecutor  lost  a  sovereign, 
which  was  all  the  money  he  had  with  him. 
One  of  the  sharps  bet  20?.  that  the  Avaiter 
could  not  produce  60?.  within  three  hours. 
He  accepted  the  bet  and  went  with  two  of 
them  to  Blackheath,  and  returned  to  the 
public  house  with  the  money,  amounting  to 
40?.  in  bank  notes  and  20?.  in  gold.  They 
went  to  the  skittle-ground,  when  one  of 
them  snatched  the  notes  out  of  his  hand, 
and  they  all  decamped. 

They  were  apprehended  that  night  by 
Mr.  Jones,  detective  at  Tower  Street  sta- 
tion. 

The  statistics  of  this  class  of  crime  will 
be  given  when  we  come  to  treat  of 
swindlers. 


SWINDLEKS. 

Swindling  is  carried  on  very  extensively 
in  the  metropolis  in  different  classes  of 
society,  from  the  young  man  who  strolls 
into  a  coffeehouse  in  Shoreditch  or  Bishops- 
gate,  and  decamps  without  paying  his 
night's  lodging,  to  the  fashionable  rogue 
who  attends  the  brilliant  assemblies  in  the 
West-end.  It  occurs  in  private  life  and 
in  the  commercial  world  in  different  depart- 
ments of  business.  Large  quantities  of 
goods  are  sent  from  the  provinces  to  par- 
ties in  London,  who  give  orders  and  are 
entirely  unknown  to  those  who  send  them, 
and  fictitious  references  are  given,  or 
references  to  confederates  in  town  con- 
nected with  them. 

We  select  a  few  illustrations  of  various 
modes  of  swindling  which  prevail  over  the 
metropohs. 

A  young  man  calls  at  a  coffeehouse,  or 
hotel,  or  a  private  lodging,  and  represents 
that  he  is  the  son  of  a  gentleman  in  good 
position,  or  that  he  is  in  possession  of 
certain  property,  left  him  by  his  friends, 
or  that  he  has  a  situation  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood, and  after  a  few  days  or  weeks 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


389 


decamps  without  paying  his  bill,  perhaps 
leaving  behind  him  an  empty  carpet  bag, 
or  a  trunk,  containing  a  few  articles  of  no 
value. 

An  ingenious  case  of  swindling  occurred 
in  the  City  some  time  since.  A  fashionably 
attired  young  man  occupied  a  small  office 
in  White  Lion  Court,  Cornhill,  London.  It 
contained  no  furniture,  except  two  chairs 
and  a  desk.  He  obtained  a  number  of 
bracelets  from  different  jewellers,  and 
^  quantities  of  goods  from  different  trades- 
*  men  to  a  considerable  amount,  under  false 
pretences.  He  was  apprehended  and  tried 
before  the  police  court,  and  sentenced  to 
twelve  months'  imprisonment  with  hard 
labour. 

At  the  time  of  his  arrest  he  had  obtained 
possession  of  a  handsome  residence  at 
Abbey  Wood,  Kent,  which  was  evidently  in- 
tended as  a  place  of  reference,  where  no 
doubt  he  purposed  to  carry  on  a  profitable 
system  of  swindling. 

Swindlers  have  many  ingenious  modes  of 
obtaining  goods,  sometimes  to  a  very  con- 
siderable amount,  from  credulous  trades- 
men, who  are  too  often  ready  to  be  duped 
by  their  unprincipled  devices.  For  example, 
some  of  them  of  respectable  or  fashionable 
appearance  may  pretend  they  are  about  to 
be  married,  and  wish  to  have  their  house 
furnished.  They  give  their  name  and  ad- 
dress, and  to  avoid  suspicion  may  even 
.arrange  particulars  as  to  the  manner  in 
which  the  money  is  to  be  paid.  A  case  of 
this  kind  occurred  in  Grove  Terrace,  where 
a  furniture-dealer  was  requested  to  call  on 
a  swindler  by  a  person  who  pretended  to 
be  his  servant,  and  received  directions  to 
send  him  various  articles  of  furniture.  The 
goods  were  accordingly  sent  to  the  house. 
On  a  subsequent  day  the  servant  called  oti 
him  at  his  premises,  with  a  well-dressed 
young  lady,  whom  she  introduced  as  the 
intended  wife  of  her  employer,  and  said 
they  had  called  to  select  some  more 
goods.  They  selected  a  variety  of  articles, 
and  desired  they  should  be  added  to  the 
account.  One  day  the  tradesman  called 
for  payment,  and  was  told  the  gentleman 
was  then  out  of  town,  but  would  call  on 
him  as  soon  as  he  returned.  Soon  after 
he  made  another  call  at  the  house,  which 
he  found  closed  up,  and  that  he  had  been 
heartlessly  duped.  The  value  of  the  goods 
amounted  to  58Z.  18s.  M. 

Swindling  is  occasionally  earned  on  in 
the  West-end  in  a  bold  and  brilliant  style 
by  persons  of  fashionable  appearance  and 
elegant  address.  A  lady-like  person  who 
assumed  the  name  of  Mrs.  Gordon,  and 
sometimes  Mrs.  Major  Gordon,   and  who 


represented  her  husband  to  be  in  India, 
succeeded  in  obtaining  goods  from  differ- 
ent tradesmen  and  mercantile  establish- 
ments at  the  West-end  to  a  great  amount, 
and  gave  references  to  a  resi^ectable  firm 
as  her  agents.  Possessing  a  lady-like  ap- 
pearance and  address,  she  easily  succeeded 
in  obtaining  a  furnished  residence  at  St. 
John's  Wood,  and  applied  to  a  livery  stable- 
keeper  for  the  loan  of  a  brougham,  hired 
a  coachman,  and  got  a  suit  of  livery  for  him, 
and  appeared  in  West-end  assemblies  as  a 
lady  of  fashion.  After  staying  about  a  fort- 
night at  St.  John's  Wood  she  left  suddenly, 
without  settling  with  any  of  her  creditors. 
She  addressed  a  letter  to  each  of  them, 
requesting  that  their  account  should  be 
sent  to  her  agents,  and  payment  would  be 
made  as  soon  as  Captain  Gordon's  affairs 
were  settled.  She  expressed  regret  that 
she  had  been  called  away  so  abruptly  on 
urgent  business. 

IShe  was  usually  accompanied  by  a  little 
girl,  about  eleven  years  of  age,  her  daugh- 
ter, and  by  an  elderly  woman,  who  attended 
to  domestic  duties. 

She  was  afterwards  convicted  at  Maryle- 
bone  police  court,  under  the  name  of  Mrs. 
Helen  Murray,  charged  with  obtaining 
large  quantities  of  goods  from  West-end 
tradesmen  by  fraudulent  means. 

A  considerable  traffic  in  commercial 
swindling  in  various  forms  is  carried  on  in 
London.  Sometimes  fraudulently  under 
the  name  of  another  well-known  firm  ;  at 
other  times  under  the  name  of  a  fictitious 
firm. 

A  case  of  this  kind  was  tried  at  the 
Liverpool  assizes,  which  illustrates  the 
fraudulent  system  we  refer  to.  Charles 
Howard  and  John  Owen  were  indicted  for 
obtaining  goods  on  false  pretences.  In 
other  counts  of  their  indictment  they  were 
charged  with  having  conspired  with  an- 
other man  named  Bonar  Russell — not  in 
custody — with  obtaining  goods  under  false 
pretences.  The  prosecutor  Thomas  Par- 
kenson  Luthwaite,  a  currier  at  Barton  in 
Westmoreland,  received  an  order  by  letter 
from  John  Howard  and  Co.  of  Droylesden, 
near  Manchester,  desiring  him  to  send  them 
a  certain  quantity  of  leather,  and  reference 
was  given  as  to  their  respectability.  The 
prosecutor  sent  the  leather  and  a  letter  by 
post  containing  the  invoice.  The  leather 
duly  arrived  at  Droylesden  ;  but  the  police 
having  received  information  gave  notice  to 
the  railway  officials  to  detain  it,  until  they 
got  further  knowledge  concerning  them. 
Howard  and  Russell  went  to  the  station, 
but  were  told  they  could  not  get  the 
leather,    as    there   was   no   such  firm    as 


390 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Howard  and  Co.  at  Droylesden.  Howard 
replied  that  there  was — that  he  lived  there. 
It  was  subsequently  arranged  that  the 
goods  should  be  delivered,  on  the  party 
producing  a  formal  order.  On  the  next  day, 
Owen  came  with  a  horse  and  cart  to  Droy- 
lesden station,  and  asked  for  the  goods,  at 
the  same  time  producing  his  order. 

They  were  delivered  to  him,  when  he 
l^ut  them  in  his  cart  and  drove  off.  Two 
officers  of  pohce  in  plain  clothes  accosted 
him,  and  asked  for  a  ride  in  his  cart  which 
he  refused.  The  officers  followed  him,  and 
found  he  did  not  go  to  Droylesden,  but  to 
a  house  at  Hulme  near  Manchester,  as  he 
had  been  directed.  This  house  was  searched, 
and  Howard  and'  Russell  were  arrested. 
Howard  having  been  admitted  to  bail,  did 
not  appear  at  the  trial. 

On  farther  inquiries  it  was  found  there 
was  no  such  firm  as  John  Howard  and  Co. 
at  Droylesden,  but  that  Howard  and  Russell 
had  taken  a  house  there  which  was  not 
furnished,  and  where  they  went  occasion- 
ally to  receive  letters  addressed  to  How^ard 
and  Co.,  Droylesden.  Owen  was  acquitted; 
Howard  was  found  guilty  of  conspiracy 
with  intent  to  defraud. 

A  number  of  cases  occur  where  swind- 
lers attempt  to  cheat  different  societies  in 
various  ways.  Two  men  were  tried  at  the 
police  court  a  few  days  ago  for  unlawfully 
attempting  to  cheat  and  defraud  a  loan 
society  to  obtain  5/.  The  prisoners  formed 
part  of  a  gang  of  swindlers,  who  operated 
in  this  way  : — Some  of  them  took  a  house 
for  the  purpose  of  giving  references  to 
others,  who  applied  to  loan  societies  for  an 
advance  of  money,  and  produced  false 
receipts  for  rent  and  taxes.  They  had 
carried  on  this  system  for  years,  and  many 
of  them  had  been  convicted.  Some  of  the 
gang  formerly  had  an  office  in  Holborn, 
where  they  defrauded  young  men  in  search 
of  situations  by  getting  them  to  leave  a 
sum  of  money  as  security.  They  were 
tried  and  convicted  on  this  charge. 

There  is  another  heartless  system  of  base 
swindling  perpetrated  by  a  class  of  cheats, 
who  pretend  to  assist  parties  in  getting 
situations,  and  hold  out  flaming  induce- 
ments through  advertisements  in  the  news- 
papers to  working  men,  servants,  clerks, 
teachers,  clergymen,  and  others  ;  and  con- 
trive to  get  a  large  income  by  duping  the 
pubhc. 

A  swindler  contrived  to  obtain  sums  of 
5s.  each  in  postage  stamps,  or  post-office 
orders,  from  a  large  number  of  people, 
under  pretence  of  obtaining  situations  for 
them  as  farm  bailiffs.  An  advertisement 
was  inserted  in  the  newspaper,  and  in  reply 


to   the    several  applicants,    a    letter  was 
returned,  stating  that  although  the  appli- 
cant was  among  the  leading  competitors 
another  party  had  secured  the  place.     At 
the  same  time  another  attempt  was  made 
to  inveigle  the  dupe,  under  the  pretence 
of    paying    another  fee   of  5s,,  with   the 
hope  of  obtaining  a   similar  situation   in 
prospect.     The  swindler  intimated  that  the 
only  interest  he  had  in  the  matter  was  the 
agent's  fee,  charged  alike  to  the  employer 
and  the  employed,  and   generally  paid   in 
advance.     He  desired  that  letters  addressed 
to  him  should  be   directed  to  42,  Sydney 
Street,    Chorlton-upon-Medlock.     He    had 
an  empty  house  there,  taken  for  the  pur- 
pose, with  the  convenience  of  a  letter-box 
in  the  door  into  which  the  postman  drop- 
ped letters  twice  a  .day.     A  woman  came 
immediately  after  each  post  and  took  them 
away. 

On  arresting  the  woman,  the  officers 
found  in  her  basket  87  letters,  44  of  them 
containing  5s.  in  postage  stamps,  or  a  post- 
office  order  payable  to  the  swindler  himself. 
Nearly  all  the  others  were  letters  from 
persons  at  a  distance  from  a  post  office,  who 
were  unable  to  remit  the  5s.,  but  promised 
to  send  the  money  when  they  got  an  op- 
portunity. 

On  a  subsequent  day,  120  letters  were 
taken  out  of  the  letter-box,  most  of  them 
containing  a  remittance,  This  system  had 
been  in  operation  for  a  month.  One  day 
190  letters  were  delivered  by  one  post.  It 
was  estimated  that  no  fewer  than  3000 
letters  had  come  in  during  the  month, 
most  of  them  enclosing  5s.  ;  and  it  is  sup- 
posed the  swindler  had  received  about 
700Z.,  a  handsome  return  for  the  price  of  a 
few  advertisements  in  newspapers,  a  few 
lithographed  circulars,  a  few  postage- 
stamps,  and  a  quarter  of  a  year's  rent  of 
an  empty  house. 

Another  case  of  a  similar  kind,  occurred 
at  the  Maidstone  assizes.  Henry  Moreton, 
aged  43,  a  tall  gentlemanly  man,  and  a 
young  woman  aged  19  years,  were  indicted 
for  conspiring  to  obtain  goods  and  money 
by  false  pretences.  The  name  given  by 
the  male  prisoner  was  known  to  be  an  as- 
sumed one.  It  was  stated  that  he  was 
well  connected  and  formerly  in  a  good 
position  in  society. 

At  the  trial,  a  witness  deposed  that  an 
advertisement  had  appeared  in  a  Comish 
newspaper,  addressed  to  Cornish  miners, 
stating  they  could  be  sent  out  to  Australia 
by  an  English  gold-mining  company,  and 
would  be  paid  201.  of  wages  per  month,  to 
commence  on  their  arrival  at  the  mines. 
The  advertisement  also  stated  that  if  Is.  or 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


twelve  postage  stamps  were  sent  to  Mr. 
Henry  Moreton,  Chatham,  a  copy  of  the 
stamped  agreement  and  full  particulars 
as  to  the  company,  would  be  given. 

The  prisoner  was  arrested,  and  41  letters 
found  in  his  possession,  addressed  to 
"  Mr.  H.  Moreton,  Chatham :"  25  of  the 
letters  contained  twelve  postage  stamps 
each  and  some  of  them  had  Is.  inside.  It 
was  ascertained  the  female  cohabited  with 
him.  It  appeared  that  he  had  pawned  482 
stamps  on  the  14th  February,  for  1/.  15s.,  289 
on  the  21st,  for  II.,  and  744  on  another  day. 

Eighty-two  letters  came  iu  one  day  chiefly 
from  Ireland  and  Cornwall. 

On  searching  a  box  in  his  room  they 
found  a  large  quantity  of  Irish  and  Cornish 
newspapers,  many  of  them  containing  the 
advertisement  referred  to. 

He  was  found  guilty,  and  was  sentenced 
to  hard  labour  for  fifteen  months.  The 
young  woman  was  acquitted. 

The  judge,  in  passing  sentence,  observed 
that  the  prisoner  had  been  convicted  of 
swindling  poor  people,  and  his  being  re- 
spectably connected  aggravated  the  case. 

We  give  the  following  illustration  of  an 
English  swindler's  adventures  on  the  Con- 
tinent. 

A  married  couple  were  tried  at  Pau,  on  a 
charge  of  swindling.  The  husband  repre- 
sented himself  to  be  the  son  of  a  colonel  in 
the  English  army  and  of  a  Neapolitan  prin- 
cess. His  wife  pretended  to  be  the 
daughter  of  an  English  general.  They  said 
they  were  allied  to  the  families  of  the 
Dukes  of  Norfolk,  Leinster,  and  Devon- 
shire. They  came  in  a  post-chaise  to  the 
Hotel  de  France,  accompanied  by  several 
servants,  lived  in  the  style  of  persons  of 
the  highest  rank,  and  run  up  a  bill  of 
6000  francs.  As  the  landlord  declined  to 
give  credit  for  more,  they  took  a  chateau, 
which  they  got  fitted  up  in  a  costly  way. 
They  paid  2500  francs  for  rent,  and  were 
largely  in  debt  to  the  butcher,  tailor,  grocer, 
and  others.  The  lady  affected  to  be  very 
pious,  and  gave  895  francs  to  the  abbe  for 
masses. 

An  English  lady  who  came  from  Brussels 
to  give  evidence,  stated  that  her  husband 
had  paid  50,000  francs  to  release  them  from 
a  debtors'  prison  at  Cologne,  as  he  believed 
them  to  be  what  they  represented.  It  was 
shown  at  the  trial  that  they  had  received 
letters  from  Lord  Grey,  the  King  of  Hol- 
land, and  other  distinguished  personages. 
They  were  convicted  of  swindling,  and  con- 
demned to  one  year's  imprisonment,  or  to 
pay  a  fine  of  200  francs. 

On  hearing  the  sentence  the  woman 
uttered  a  piercing  cry  and  fainted  in  her 


391 


They 


husband's  arms,  but  soon  recovered 
were  then  removed  to  prison. 

The  assumption  of  a  variety  of  names, 
some  of  them  of  a  high-sounding  and 
pretentious  character,  is  resorted  to  by 
swindlers  giving  orders  for  goods  by  letter 
from  a  distance— an  address  is  also  assumed 
of  a  nature  weU  calculated  to  deceive :  as 
an  instance,  we  may  mention  that  an  indi- 
vidual has  for  a  long  period  of  time  fared 
sumptuously  upon  the  plunder  obtained  by 
his  fraudulent  transactions,  of  whose  aliases 
and  pseudo  residences  the  following  are 
but  a  few  : — 

Creighton  Beauchamp  Harper  ;  the  Rus- 
sets, near  Edenbridge. 

Beauchamp  Harper  ;  Albion  House,  Kye. 
Charles  Creighton  Beauchamp   Harper ; 
ditto. 

Neanberrie  Harper,  M.  N.  I.  :  The  Broad- 
lands,  Winchelsea. 

Beauchamp  Harper ;  Halden  House. 
Lewes, 

R.  E.  Beresford  ;  The  Oaklands,  Chelms- 
ford. 

The  majority  of  these  residencies  existed 
only  in  the  imagination  of  this  indefatigable 
cosmopolite.  In  some  cases  he  had  chris- 
tened a  paltry  tenement  let  at  the  rent  of 
a  few  shilhngs  per  week  "  House  ;"  a  small 
cottage  in  Albion  Place,  Rye,  being  magni- 
fied into  '•  Albion  House."  When  an  ad- 
dress is  assumed  having  no  existence,  his 
plan  is  to  request  the  postmaster  of  the 
district  to  send  the  letters,  &c.,  to  his  real 
address — generally  some  little  distance  off 
— a  similar  notice  also  being  given  at  the 
nearest  railway  station.  The  goods  ordered 
are  generally  of  such  a  nature  as  to  lull 
suspicion,  viz.,  a  gun,  as  "  I  am  going  to  a 
friend's  grounds  to  shoot  and  1  want  one 
immediately;"  "a  silver  cornet;"  "two 
umbrellas,  one  for  me  and  one  for  Mrs. 
Harper  ;"  "  a  fashionable  bonnet  with  extra 
strings,  young  looking,  for  Mrs.  Harper  ;" 
"  white  lace  frock  for  Miss  Harper,  imme- 
diately ;"  "a  violet-coloured  velvet  bonnet 
for  my  sister,"  &c.,  &c.,  &c.,  ad  infinitum. 

A  person,  pretending  to  be  a  German 
baron,  some  time  ago  ordered  and  received 
goods  to  a  large  amount  from  merchants  in 
Glasgow.  It  was  ascertained  he  was  a 
swindler.  He  was  a  man  of  about  forty 
years  of  age,  5  feet  8  inches  high,  and  was 
accompanied  by  a  lady  about  twenty-five 
years  of  age.  They  were  both  well-educated 
people,  and  could  speak  the  English  lan- 
guage fluently. 

A  fellow,  assuming  the  name  of  the  Rev. 
Mr.  Williams,  pursued  a  romantic  and  ad- 
venturous career  of  swindling  in  different 
positions  in  society,  and  was  an  adept  in 


392 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


deception.  On  one  occasion,  by  means  of 
forged  credentials,  he  obtained  an  appoint- 
ment as  curate  in  Northamptonshire,  where 
he  conducted  himself  for  some  time  with  a 
most  sanctimonious  air.  Several  marriages 
were  celebrated  by  him,  which  were  appa- 
rently satisfactorily  performed.  He  ob- 
tained many  articles  of  jewellery  from  firms 
in  London,  who  were  deceived  by  his  ap- 
pearance and  position.  He  wrote  several 
modes  of  handwriting,  and  had  a  plausible 
manner  of  insinuating  himself  into  the  good 
graces  of  his  victims. 

He  died  a  very  tragical  death.  Having 
been  arrested  for  swindling  he  was  taken 
to  Northampton.  On  his  arrival  at  the 
railway  station  there,  he  threw  himself 
across  the  rails  and  was  crushed  to  death 
by  the  train. 

There  is  a  mode  of  extracting  money  from 
the  unwary,  practised  by  a  gang  of  swindlers 
by  means  of  mock  auctions.  They  dispose 
of  watches,  never  intended  to  keep  time, 


and  other  spurious  articles,  and  have  con- 
federates, or  decoys,  who  pretend  to  bid  for 
the  goods  at  the  auctions,  and  sometimes 
buy  them  at  an  under  price  ;  but  they  are 
by  arrangement  returned  soon  after,  and 
again  offered  for  sale. 

We  have  been  favoured  with  some  of  the 
foregoing  particulars  by  the  ofiScials  of 
Stubbs'  Mercantile  Offices  ;  the  courtesy  of 
the  secretary  having  also  placed  the  register 
of  that  extensive  establishment  at  our  ser- 
vice. 

Number  of  cases  of  fraud  and  conspiracy 
with  intent  to  defraud  in  the  Metropolitan 
districts  for  I860  ..  ..  325 

Ditto  ditto  in  the  City       ..  51 

376 

Value  of  property  thereby  abstracted  in 
the  Metropolitan  district  ..    £3,443 

Ditto  ditto  in  the  City      ..       2,429 

£5,872 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


393 


BEGGARS  AND  CHEATS. 


In  primitive  times  beggars  were  recog- 
nised as  a  legitimate  component  part  in 
the  fabric  of  society.  Socially,  and  apart 
from  state  government,  there  were,  during 
the  patriarchal  period,  three  states  of  the 
community,  and  these  were  the  landowners, 
their  servants,  and  the  dependants  of  both 
— beggars.  There  was  no  disgrace  at- 
tached to  the  name  of  beggar  at  this  time, 
for  those  who  lived  by  charity  were  per- 
sons who  were  either  too  old  to  work  or  were 
incapacitated  from  work  by  bodily  afflic- 
tion. This  being  the  condition  of  the 
beggars  of  the  early  ages,  it  was  considered 
no  less  a  sacred  than  a  social  duty  to  pro- 
tect them  and  relieve  their  wants.  Many 
illustrious  names,  both  in  sacred  and 
profane  history,  are  associated  with  sys- 
tematic mendicancy,  and  the  very  name  of 
"  beggar  "  has  derived  a  sort  of  classic  dig- 
nity from  this  circumstance.  Beggars  are 
frequently  mentioned  with  honour  in  the 
Old  Testament ;  and  in  the  New,  one  of  the 
most  touching  incidents  in  our  Lord's  his- 
tory has  reference  to  "  a  certain  beggar 
named  Lazarus,  which  was  laid  at  the  rich 
man's  gate."  Nor  must  it  be  forgotten 
that  the  father  of  poetry,  the  immortal 
Homer,  was  a  beggar  and  blind,  and  went 
about  singing  his  own  verses  to  excite 
charity.  The  name  of  Belisarius  is  more 
closely  associated  with  the  begging  exploits 
ascribed  to  him  than  with  his  great  histo- 
rical conquests.  "  Give  a  halfpenny  to  a 
poor  man  "  was  as  familiar  a  phrase  in 
Latin  in  the  old  world  as  it  is  to-day  in 
the  streets  of  London.  It  would  be  tedious 
to  enumerate  all  the  instances  of  honour- 
able beggary  which  are  celebrated  in  his- 
tory, or  even  to  glance  at  the  most  notable 
of  them  ;  it  will  be  enough  for  the  purpose 
we  have  in  view  if  I  direct  attention  to 
the  aspects  of  beggary  at  a  few  marked 
periods  of  history. 

It  will  be  found  that  imposture  in  beg- 
gary has  invariably  been  the  offspring  of  a 
high  state  of  civilization,  and  has  generally 
had  its  origin  in  large  towns.  When  men- 
dicancy assumes  this  form  it  becomes  a 
public  nuisance,  and  imperatively  calls  for 
prohibitive  laws.  The  beggar  whose  po- 
verty is  not  real,  but  assumed,  is  no  longer 
a  beggar  in  the  true  sense  of  the  word, 
but  a  cheat  and  an  impostor,  and  as  such 
lie  is  naturally  regarded,  not  as  an  object  for 
compassion,  but  as  an  enemy  to  the  state. 
In  all  times,  however,  the  real  beggar — 


{ the  poor  wretch  who  has  no  means  of 
gaining  a  livelihood  by  his  labour,  the 
afflicted  outcast,  the  aged,  the  fors:j,ken, 
and  the  weak — has  invariably  commanded 
the  respect  and  excited  the  compassion  of 
his  more  fortunate  fellow-men.  The  traces 
of  this  consideration  for  beggars  which  we 
find  in  history  are  not  a  little  remarkable. 
In  the  early  Saxon  times  the  relief  of  beg- 
gars was  one  of  the  most  honourable  duties 
of  the  mistress  of  the  house.  Our  beau- 
tiful English  word  "  lady  "  derives  its  origin 
from  this  practice.  The  mistress  of  a 
Saxon  household  gave  away  bread  with  her 
own  hand  to  the  poor,  and  thence  she  was 
called  "  lef  day,"  or  bread  giver,  which  at 
a  later  period  was  rendered  into  lady.  A 
well-known  incident  in  the  life  of  Alfred 
the  Great  shows  how  sacred  a  duty  the 
giving  of  alms  was  regarded  at  that  period. 
In  early  times  beggary  had  even  a  roman- 
tic aspect.  Poets  celebrated  the  wander- 
ings of  beggars  in  so  attractive  a  manner 
that  great  personages  would  sometimes 
envy  the  condition  of  the  ragged  mendi- 
cant and  imitate  his  mode  of  life.  James 
V.  of  Scotland  was  so  enamoured  of  the 
life  of  the  gaberlunzie  man  that  he  assumed 
his  wallet  and  tattered  garments,  and  wan- 
dered about  among  his  subjects  begging 
from  door  to  door,  and  singing  ballads  for 
a  supper  and  a  night's  lodging.  The  beg- 
gar's profession  was  held  in  respect  at  that 
time,  for  it  had  not  yet  become  associated 
with  imposture  ;  and  as  the  country  beg- 
gars were  also  ballad-singers  and  story- 
tellers, their  visits  were  rather  welcome 
than  otherwise.  It  must  also  be  taken 
into  account  that  beggars  were  not  nume- 
rous at  this  period. 

It  would  appear  that  beggars  first  began 
to  swarm  and  become  troublesome  and 
importunate  shortly  after  the  Reformation. 
The  immediate  cause  of  this  was  the  abo- 
lition and  spoliation  of  the  monasteries  and 
religious  houses  by  Henry  VIII.  What- 
ever amount  of  evil  they  may  have  done, 
the  monasteries  did  one  good  thing — they 
assisted  the  poor  and  provided  for  many 
persons  who  were  unable  to  provide  for 
themselves.  When  the  monasteries  were 
demolished  and  their  revenues  confiscated, 
these  dependent  persons  were  cast  upon 
the  world  to  seek  bread  where  they  could 
find  it.  As  many  of  them  were  totally  un- 
accustomed to  labour,  they  had  no  resource 
but  to  beof.     The  result  was  that  the  coun- 


394 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


try  was  soon  overrun  with  beggars,  many 
of  whom  exacted  alms  by  violence  and  by 
threats.  In  the  course  of  the  next  i-eign 
we  hear  of  legislative  enactments  for  the 
suppression  of  beggary.  The  first  efforts 
in  this  direction  wholly  failed  to  abate  the 
nuisance,  and  more  stringent  acts  were 
passed.  In  the  reign  of  Charles  II.  begging 
had  become  so  profitable  that  a  great  many 
Irish  came  over  to  this  country  to  pursue 
it  as  a  trade. 

The  evil  then  became  so  intolerable  that 
a  royal  proclamation  was  issued,  specially 
directed  to  check  the  importation  of  beggars 
from  Ireland.  It  is  intituled  "  A  Procla- 
mation for  the  speedy  renderino;  away  of 
the  Irishe  Beggars  out  of  this  Kingdome 
into  their  owne  Countrie  and  for  the  Sup- 
pressing and  Ordering  of  Kogues  and  Va- 
gabonds according  to  the  Laws,"  which 
recites  that :  "  Whereas  this  realme  hath  of 
late  been  pestered  with  great  numbers  of 
Irishe  beggars  who  hve  here  idly  and  dan- 
gerously, and  are  of  ill  example  to  the 
natives  of  this  kingdome  ;  and,  whereas 
the  multitude  of  English  rogues  and  vaga- 
bonds doe  much  more  abound  than  in  for- 
mer tymes — some  wandering  and  begging 
under  the  colour  of  soldiers  and  mariners, 
others  under  the  pretext  of  impotent  per- 
sons, whereby  they  become  a  burthen  to 
the  good  people  of  the  land,  all  which  hap- 
peneth  by  the  neglect  of  the  due  execution 
of  the  lawes,  formerly  with  great  providence 
made,  for  relief  of  the  true  poore  and  indi- 
gent, and  for  the  punishment  of  sturdy 
rogues  and  vagabonds;  for  the  reforming 
therefore  of  soe  great  a  mischiefe,  and  to 
prevent  the  many  dangers  which  will  ensue 
by  the  neglect  thereof,  the  king,  by  the 
advice  of  his  privy  council  and  of  his 
judges,  commands  that  all  the  laws  and 
statutes  now  in  force  for  the  punishment 
of  rogues  and  vagabonds  be  duly  putt  in 
execution ;  and  more  particularly  that  all 
Irishe  beggars,  which  now  are  in  any  part 
of  this  kingdome,  wandering  or  begging, 
under  what  pretence  soever,  shall  forthwith 
depart  this  realme  and  return  to  their  owne 
countries,  and  there  abide."  And  it  is 
further  directed  that  all  such  beggars  "  shall 
be  conveyed  from  constable  to  constable  to 
Bristoll,  Mynhead,  Barstable,  Chester,  Lyre- 
pool,  Milford-haven,  and  Workington,  or 
such  of  them  as  shall  be  most  convenient." 

We  see  by  this  that  the  state  of  mendi- 
cancy in  1629,  was  very  much  what  it  is  now, 
and  that  the  artifices  and  dodges  resorted 
to  at  that  period  were  very  similar  to,  and 
in  many  cases,  exactly  the  same,  as  the  more 
modern  impostures  which  I  shall  have  to 
expose  in  the  succeeding  pages. 


THE  ORIGIN  AND  HISTORY  OF 
THE  POOR  LAWS. 

An  Act  passed  in  1536  (27  Henry  VIIL 
c.  25)  is  the  first  by  which  voluntary  cha- 
rity was  converted  into  compulsory  pay- 
ment. It  enacts  that  the  head  officers  of 
every  parish  to  which  the  impotent  or 
able-bodied  poor  may  resort  under  the  pro- 
visions of  the  Act  of  1531,  shall  receive  and 
keep  them,  so  that  none  shall  be  com- 
pelled to  beg  openly.  The  able-bodied 
were  to  be  kej)t  to  constant  labour,  and 
every  parish  making  default,  was  to  forfeit 
20s.  a  month.  The  money  required  for  the 
support  of  the  poor,  was  to  be  collected 
partly  by  the  head  ofi&cers  of  corporate 
towns  and  the  churchwardens  of  parishes, 
and  partly  was  to  be  derived  from  collec- 
tions in  the  churches,  and  on  various  occa- 
sions where  the  clergy  had  opportunities 
for  exhorting  the  people  to  charity.  Alma- 
giving  beyond  the  town  or  parish  was  pro- 
hibited on  forfeiture  of  ten  times  the 
amount  given.  A  " sturdy  beggar"  was  to 
be  whipped  the  first  time  he  was  detected 
in  begging  ;  to  have  his  right  ear  cropped 
for  the  second  offence  ;  and  if  again  guilty 
of  begging  was  to  be  indicted  for  "  wander- 
ing, loitering,  and  idleness,"  and  if  con- 
victed was  "  to  suffer  execution  of  death 
as  a  felon  and  an  enemy  of  the  Common- 
wealth." The  severity  of  this  act  prevented 
its  execution,  and  it  was  repealed  by  1 
Edward  VI.  c.  3  (1547).  Under  this 
statute,  every  able-bodied  person  who 
should  not  apply  himself  to  some  honest 
labour,  or  offer  to  serve  for  even  meat  and 
drink,  was  to  be  taken  for  a  vagabond, 
branded  on  the  shoulder  and  adjudged  a 
slave  for  two  years  to  any  one  who  should 
demand  him,  to  be  fed  on  bread  and  water 
and  refuse  meat  and  made  to  work  by  being 
beaten,  chained,  or  otherwise  treated.  If 
he  ran  away  during  the  two  years,  he  was 
to  be  branded  on  the  cheek  and  adjudged  a 
slave  for  life,  and  if  he  ran  away  again  he 
was  to  suffer  death  as  a  felon.  If  not  de- 
manded as  a  slave  he  was  to  be  kept  to 
hard  labour  on  the  highway  in  chains. 
The  impotent  poor  were  to  be  passed  to 
their  place  of  birth  or  settlement  from  the 
hands  of  one  parish  constable  to  those  of 
another. 

The  statute  was  repealed  three  years 
afterwards  and  that  of  1531  was  revived. 
In  1551  an  Act  was  passed  which  directed 
that  a  book  should  be  kept  in  every  parish 
containing  the  names  of  the  householders 
and  of  the  impotent  poor  ;  that  collectors 
of  alms  should  be  appointed  who  should 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


>95 


"  gently  ask  eveiy  man  and  woman  what 
they  of  their  charity  will  give  weekly  to 
the  rehef  of  the  poor."  If  any  one  able  to 
give  should  refuse,  or  discourage  others 
from  giving,  the  ministers  and  church- 
wardens were  to  exhort  him,  and  faihng  of 
success,  the  bishop  was  to  admonish  him 
on  the  subject.  This  Act,  and  another 
made  to  enforce  it,  which  was  passed^  in 
1555,  were  wholly  ineffectual,  and  in  1563 
it  was  re-enacted  (5  Ehzabeth  c.  3),  with 
the  addition  that  any  person  able  to  con- 
tribute and  refusing  should  be  cited  by  the 
bishop  to  appear  at  the  next  sessions  before 
the  justices,  where  if  he  would  not  be  per- 
suaded to  give,  the  justices  were  to  tax  him 
according  to  their  discretion,  and  on  his 
refusal  he  was  to  be  committed  to  gaol  un- 
til the  sum  taxed  should  be  paid,  with  all 
arrears. 

The  next  statute  on  the  subject,  which 
was  passed  in  1572  (14  Ehz.  c.  5),  shows 
how  ineffectual  the  previous  statutes  had 
been.  It  enacted  that  all  rogues,  vaga- 
bonds and  sturdy  beggars,  including  in  this 
description  "  all  persons  whole  and  mightj^ 
in  body,  able  to  labour,  not  having  land  or 
master,  nor  using  any  lawful  merchandise, 
craft  or  mystery,  and  all  common  labourers, 
able  in  body,  loitering  and  refusing  to  work 
for  such  reasonable  wage  as  is  commonly 
given,"  should  "  for  the  first  offence  be 
grievously  whipped  and  burned  through 
the  gristle  of  the  right  ear  with  a  hot  iron 
of  the  compass  of  an  inch  about  ;"  for  the 
second  should  be  deemed  felons  ;  and  for 
the  third  should  suffer  death  as  felons 
without  benefit  of  clergy. 

For  the  relief  and  sustentation  of  the 
aged  and  impotent  poor,  the  justices  of  the 
peace  within  their  several  districts  were 
"  by  their  good  discretion "  to  tax  and 
assess  all  the  inhabitants  dwelling  therein. 
Any  one  refusing  to  contribute  was  to  be 
imprisoned  until  he  should  comply  with 
the  assessment.  By  the  statutes  39  of 
Elizabeth,  c.  3  and  4  (1598,)  every  able- 
bodied  person  refusing  to  work  for  the 
ordinary  wages  was  to  be  "  openly  whipped 
until  his  body  should  be  bloody,  and  forth- 
with sent  from  parish  to  parish,  the  most 
strait  way  to  the  parish  where  he  was 
born,  there  to  put  himself  to  labour  as  a 
true  subject  ought  to  do." 

The  next  Act,  the  43  Elizabeth,  c.  2,  has 
been  in  operation  from  the  time  of  its 
enactment  in  1601  to  the  present  day.  A 
change  in  the  mode  of  administration  was, 
however,  effected  by  the  Poor  Law  Amend- 
ment Act  (4  and  5  Wm.  IV.  c.  76)  which  was 
passed  in  1834.  During  that  long  period 
manv  abuses  crept  into  the  administration 


of  the  laws  relating  to  the  poor,  so  that  in 
practice  their  operation  impaired  the  cha- 
racter of  the  most   numerous   class,   and 
was  injurious  to  the  whole  country.     In  its 
original   provisions   the  Act   of  Elizabeth 
directed  the  overseers  of  the  poor  in  every 
parish  to   "  take  order  for  setting  to  work, 
the    children   of  all  such  parents  as   shall 
not  be   thought    able  to   maintain   their 
children,"  as  well  as  all  such  persons  as, 
having  no  means  to  maintain  them,  use  no 
ordinary  trade  to  get  their  living  by.     For 
this   purpose    they    were   empowered   to 
raise  weekly,  or  otherwise,  by  "taxation  of 
every  inhabitant,  parson,  vicar,  and  other  ; 
and  of  every  occupier  of  lands,   houses, 
tithes,  mines,  &c.,  such  sums  of  money  as 
they  shall  require  for  providing  a  sufficient 
stock  of  flax,  hemp,  wool  and  other  ware, 
or  stuff  to  set  the  poor  on  work  ;   and  also 
competent  sums  for  relief  of  lame,  blind, 
old  and  impotent  persons,  and  for  putting 
out  children  as  apprentices."     Power  was 
given  to  the  justices  to  send  to  the  house 
of  correction  or  common  gaol  all  persons 
who  would  not  work.     The  churchwardens 
and  overseers  were  further  empowered  to 
build  poor  houses  at  the   charge   of  the 
parish  for  the  reception  of  the  impotent 
poor  only.     The  justices  were  further  em- 
powered to  assess  all  persons   of  sufficient 
ability  for  the  relief  and  maintenance  of 
their  children,  grandchildren,  and  parents. 
The  parish  officers  were  also  empowered  to 
bind  as  apprentices  any  children  who  should 
be  chargeable  to  the  parish. 

These  simple  provisions  were  in  course 
of  time  greatly  perverted,  and  many  abuses 
were  introduced  into  the  administration  of 
the  poor  law.  One  of  the  most  mischievous 
practices  was  that  which  was  established 
by  the  justices  for  the  county  of  Berks  in 
1795,  when,  in  order  to  meet  the  wants  of 
the  labouring  population,  caused  by  the 
high  price  of  provisions,  an  allowance  in 
proportion  to  the  number  of  his  family  was 
made  out  of  the  parish  fund  to  every 
labourer  who  applied  for  relief.  This 
allowance  fluctuated  with  the  price  of  the 
gallon  loaf  of  second  flour,  and  the  scale 
was  so  adjusted  as  to  return  to  each  family 
the  sum  which  in  given  number  of  loaves 
would  cost  beyond  the  price  in  years  of  or- 
dinary abundance.  This  plan  was  conceived 
in  a  spirit  of.benevolence  ;  but  the  readi- 
ness with  which  it  was-  adopted  in  all  parts 
of  England  clearly  shows  the  want  of  sound 
views  on  the  subject.  Under  the  allowance 
system  the  labourer  received  a  part  of  his 
means  of  subsistence  in  the  form  of  a  parish 
gift,  and  as  the  fund  out  of  which  it  was 
provided  was  raised  from  the  contributions 


396 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  those  who  did  not  employ  labourers,  as 
well  as  of  those  who  did,  their  employers 
being  able  in  part  to  burthen  others  with 
the  payment  for  their  labour  had  a  direct 
interest  in  perpetuating  the  system. 
Those  who  employed  labourers  -looked 
upon  the  parish  contribution  as  part  of  the 
fund  out  of  which  they  were  to  be  paid, 
and  accordingly  lowered  their  rate  of  wages. 
The  labourers  also  looked  on  the  fund  as  a 
source  of  wage.  The  consequence  was, 
that  the  labourer  looked  to  the  parish,  and 
as  a  matter  of  right,  without  any  regard  to 
his  real  wants,  and  he  received  the  wages 
of  his  labour  as  only  one  and  a  secondary 
source  of  the  means  of  subsistence.  His 
character  as  a  labourer  became  of  less 
value,  his  value  as  a  labourer  being  thus 
diminished,  under  the  combined  operation 
of  these  two  causes. 

In  1832  a  commission  was  appointed  by 
the  Crown,  under  whose  direction  inquiries 
were  made  through  England  and  Wales,  and 
the  actual  condition  of  the  labouring  classes 
in  every  parish  was  ascertained,  with  the 
view  of  showing  the  evils  of  the  existing 
practice  and  of  suggesting  some  remedy. 

The  labour  of  this  inquiry  was  great ; 
but  in  a  short  time  a  report  was  presented 
by  the  commissioners,  which  explained  the 
operation  of  the  law  as  administered,  with 
its  eflfects  upon  different  classes,  and  sug- 
gested remedial  measures.  This  report 
was  presented  in  1834,  and  was  followed 
by  the  passing  of  the  Poor  Law  Amend- 
ment Act  (4  and  5  Wm.  IV.  c.  76)  in  August 
of  the  same  year.  This  Act  was  again 
amended  by  the  7  and  8  Victoria,  c.  101 
(9th  August  1844). 

The  chief  provisions  of  this  law  are  the 
appointment  of  a  central  board  of  three 
commissioners  in  London  for  the  general 
superintendence  and  control  of  all  bodies 
charged  with  the  management  of  funds  for 
the  rehef  of  the  poor.  There  are  nine 
assistant  commissioners  ;  each  of  whom 
has  a  district ;  the  assistant  commissioners 
are  appointed  by  and  removable  by  the 
commissioners ;  and  the  whole  is  under  the 
direction  of  the  President  of  the  Poor  Law 
Board.  The  administration  of  relief  to 
the  poor  is  under  the  control  of  the  com- 
missioners, who  make  rules  and  regulations 
for  the  purpose.  They  are  empowered  to 
order  workhouses  to  be  built,  hired,  altered, 
or  enlarged,  with  the  consent  of  a  majority 
of  a  board  of  guardians.  They  have  the 
power  of  uniting  several  parishes  for  the 
purposes  of  a  more  effective  and  economical 
administration  of  poor  relief,  but  so  that 
the  actual  charge  in  respect  to  its  own  poor 
is  defrayed  by  each  parish.     These  united 


parishes  or  unions  are  managed  by  Boards 
of  Guardians,  annually  elected  by  the  rate- 
payers of  the  various  parishes ;  but  the 
masters  of  the  workhouses  and  other  paid 
ofl&cers  are  under  the  orders  of  the  com- 
missioners, and  removable  by  them.  The 
system  of  paying  wages  partly  out  of  poor- 
rates  is  discontinued,  and,  except  in  ordi- 
nary cases,  of  which  the  commissioners 
are  the  judges,  the  relief  is  only  to  be 
given  to  able-bodied  persons,  or  to  their 
families,  within  the  walls  of  the  work- 
house. 

A  glance  at  some  of  the  clauses  of  the 
Act  7  and  8  Victoria  will  show  the  present 
condition  of  the  machinery  of  the  Poor 
Law,  as  regards  the  latest  reforms. 

Chapter  101,  sect.  12,  empowers  the 
Poor  Law  Commissioners  to  prescribe  the 
duties  of  the  masters  to  whom  poor  chil- 
dren may  be  apprenticed,  and  the  terms 
and  conditions  of  the  indentures  of  appren- 
ticeship :  and  no  poor  children  are  in  future 
to  be  apprenticed  by  the  overseers  of  any 
parish  included  in  any  union,  or  subject 
to  a  Board  of  Guardians  under  the  pro- 
visions of  the  4  and  5  Wm.  IV.  c.  76  ;  but 
it  is  declared  to  be  lawful  for  the  guardians 
of  such  union  or  parish  to  bind  poor 
children  apprentices.  The  13th  section 
abolishes  so  much  of  the  43  Eliz.,  c.  2,  and 
of  the  8  and  9  William  III.  c.  3,  and  of  all 
other  Acts,  as  compels  any  person  to  re- 
ceive any  poor  child  as  an  apprentice. 

The  14th  and  following  sections  make 
some  new  regulations  as  to  the  number  of 
votes  of  owners  of  property  and  rate- 
payers in  the  election  of  guardians  and  in 
other  cases  where  the  consent  of  the 
owners  and  rate-payers  is  required  for  any 
of  the  purposes  of  the  4  and  5  Wm.  IV. 
c.  76. 

The  18th  section  empowers  the  com- 
missioners, having  due  regard  to  the  relative 
population  or  circumstances  of  any  parish, 
included  in  a  union,  to  alter  the  number 
of  guardians  to  be  elected  for  such  parish 
without  such  consent  as  is  required  by  the 
Act  of  AVilham. 

This  section  also  empowers  the  com- 
missioners to  divide  parishes  which  have 
more  than  20,000  inhabitants,  according 
to  the  census  then  last  published,  into 
wards  for  the  purpose  of  electing  guardians, 
and  to  determine  the  number  of  guardians 
to  be  elected  for  each  ward. 

The  25th  section  provides  that  so  long 
as  any  woman's  husband  is  beyond  the 
seas,  or  in  custody  of  the  law,  or  in  con- 
finement in  a  licensed  house  or  asylum  as 
a  lunatic  or  idiot,  all  relief  c;iven  to  such 
a  woman,  or  to  her  child  or  children,  shall 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  VOOJt. 


397 


be  given  in  the  same  manner,  and  subject 
to  the  same  conditions  as  if  she  was  a 
widow ;  but  the  obHgation  or  habihty  of 
the  husband  in  respect  of  such  relief  con- 
tinues as  before. 

The  26th  section  empowers  the  guar- 
dians of  a  parish  or  union  to  give  rehef  to 
widows  under  certain  conditions,  who  at 
the  time  of  their  husband's  death  were 
resident  with  them  in  some  place  other 
than  the  parish  of  their  legal  settlement, 
and  not  situated  in  any  union  in  which 
such  parish  is  comprised. 

The  32nd  section  provides  that  the  com- 
missioners may  combine  parishes  and 
unions  in  England  for  the  audit  of  ac- 
counts. By  the  40th  section  the  commis- 
sioners may,  subject  to  certain  restrictions 
there  mentioned,  combine  unions  or  pa- 
rishes not  in  union,  or  such  parishes  and 
unions,  into  school  districts  for  the  ma- 
nagement of  any  class  or  classes  of  infant 
poor  not  above  the  age  of  16  years,  being 
chargeable  to  any  such  parish  or  union, 
or  who  are  deserted  by  their  parents,  or 
whose  parent,  or  surviving  parent,  or 
guardians  are  consenting  to  the  placing  of 
such  children  in  the  school  of  such  district. 

Bj'  the  41st  section  the  commissioners 
are  empowered  to  declare  parishes,  or 
unions,  or  parishes  and  unions  within  the 
district  of  the  metropolitan  police,  or  the 
city  of  London,  &c.,  to  be  combined  into 
districts  for  the  purpose  of  founding  and 
managing  asylums  for  the  temporary  relief 
and  setting  to  work  therein  of  destitute 
homeless  poor  who  are  not  charged  with 
any  ofience,  and  who  may  apply  for  relief, 
or  become  chargeable  to  the  poors'  rates 
within  any  such  parish  or  union. 

Statistics  of  the  Poor  Laws. 

The  salaries  and  expenses  of  the  com- 
missioners for  carrying  into  execution  the 
Poor  Law  Acts  in  England  and  Ireland 
amount  to  about  565000/. 

The  following  statements  will  show  the 
number  of  paupers,  and  the  amounts  ex- 
pended in  relieving  their  wants  at  various 
periods  since  the  year  1783. 

The  average  sum  expended  for  the  years  1783, 


,  and  1785,  was 

£1,912,241 

1801 

4,017,871 

1811 

6,656,105 

1821 

,       6,959,249 

1831 

6,798,888 

1832 

7,036,969 

1833 

6,790,799 

1834       . 

6,317,254 

1835 

5,526,418 

1836 

4,717,630 

Years. 
1837 
1838 
1839 
1840 
1841 
1842 
1843 
1844 
1860 


£. 

4,044,741 
4,123,604 
4,421,714 
4,576,965 
4,760,929 
4,911,498 
5,208,027 
4,976,093 
5,454,964 


Number  of  indoor  and  outdoor  paupers  relieved 
durmg  the  following  years : 

Proportion  per  cent. 

to  Population. 

12 

13 

9 

9-3 
4-3 


Paupers, 

1803 

.     1 

,040,716 

1815 

.     1 

,319,851 

1832 

.      1 

,429,356 

1844 

.      1 

,477,561 

1860 


844,633 


In  the  last  report  of  the  Poor  Law  Board 
(that  for  1860)  it  is  stated  that  for  twenty - 
two  yeai's  preceding  the  Poor  Law  Amend- 
ment Act  in  1834  the  average  annual 
disbursement  for  the  relief  of  the  poor  was 
6,505,037/.,  while  for  the  subsequent  25 
years  it  has  only  been  5,169,073/.,  the  sup- 
posed annual  saving  by  the  new  law  being 
1,335,964/.  The  average  annual  cost  of  the 
new  union-workhouses  has  been  about 
200,000/.,  and  the  salaries  of  the  paid 
Union-officers  about  600,000/. 

The  strikes  of  1860  told  severely  upon 
the  returns.  On  July  1st,  1860,  there  were 
1,751  able-bodied  men  receiving  relief  more 
than  on  the  same  day  of  the  previous 
year.  On  new  year's  day  of  1860  there 
were  40,972  more  persons  of  all  classes 
in  receipt  of  relief  than  on  the  first  day  of 
the  preceding  year.  There  were  6,720  more 
able-bodied  men  in  receipt  of  rehef,  and 
7,026  more  able-bodied  women. 

Report  of  the  Poor  Law  Board  (1860)  ► 

The  usual  statistics  of  this  report  show 
that  in  the  year  1860  the  sum  of  5,454,964/. 
was  expended  for  the  relief  of  the  poor  in 
England  and  Wales,  being  at  the  rate  per 
head  of  the  estimated  population,  of  5s.  6c/. 
The  net  annual  value  of  the  rateable  pro- 
perty at  the  present  time  (1860)  is  71  mil- 
lions. 

The  inefficiency  of  the  Poor  Law  to  meet 
the  wants  of  the  destitute  in  times  of  great 
and  prevailing  distress  has  been  demon- 
strated over  and  over  again,  and  at  no 
period  more  pointedly  and  decisively  than 
during  the  year  1860.  On  this  subject- 
we  subjoin  the  remarks  of  a  writer  in 
the  Times  (Feb.  11,  1861).  "It  is  an 
admitted  and  notorious  fact,  that  after  a 
fortnight's  frost  the  police  courts  were 
besieged  by  thousands  who   professed  te 


3^8 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


be  starving;  tlie  magistrates  and  officers 
of  the  court  undertook  the  office  of  almoners 
in  addition  to  their  other  laborious  du- 
ties ;  the  public  poured  in  their  contri- 
butions as  they  would  for  the  victims 
of  a  terrible  disaster ;  for  a  time  we  had 
in  a  dozen  places  a  scene  that  rather  took 
one  back  to  the  indiscriminate  dole  before 
the  convent  door,  or  the  largess  Hung  by 
the  hand  among  the  crowd  at  a  royal  pro- 
gress than  to  an  institution  or  custom  of 
this  sensible  age.  To  some  it  naturally 
occurred  that  the  Poor  Law  ought  to  have 
dispensed  with  this  extraordinary  exhibi- 
tion ;  to  others  that  no  law  could  meet  the 

emergency It  was  the  saturnalia 

if  not  of  mendicancy,  at  least  of  destitution. 
The  police  stood  aside  while  beggars  pos- 
sessed the  thoroughfares  on  the  sole  plea 
of  an  extraordinary  visitation.  There  was 
a  fortnight's  frost,  so  it  was  allowable  to 
one  class  to  hold  a  midnight  fair  on  the 
Serpentine,  and  to  another  to  insist  on 
being  maintained  at  the  expense  of  the 
public.  Was  all  this  right  and  proper? 
We  had  thought  that  the  race  of  sturdy 
vagrants  and  valiant  beggars  was  extinct, 
or  at  least  that  they  dared  no  longer  show 
themselves.  But  here  they  were  in  open 
day  like  the  wretches  which  are  said  to 
emerge  out  of  darkness  on  the  day  of  a 

revolution AVhen  such  is  the  fact, 

and  when  it  is  now  admitted  by  all  to  have 
been  not  only  exceptional,  but  highly  ex- 
ceptionable, we  may  leave  others  to  find 
out  the  right  shoulders  on  which  the 
blame  should  be  laid.  For  our  part  we 
hold  that  a  Poor  Law  ought  to  be  as  proof 
against  a  long  frost,  or  any  other  general 
visitation — and  there  are  many  more  se- 
rious— as  a  ship  ought  to  be  against  a 
storm,  or  an  embankment  against  an  inun- 
dation." 

On  the  occasion  here  referred  to  the 
Poor  Law  gave  relief  to  23,000 ;  but  sent 
away  17,000  empty-handed,  who  would 
have  starved  but  for  the  open-handed 
charity  of  the  public,  dispensed  in  the 
most  liberal  spirit  by  the  metropolitan 
magistrates. 

Mendicancy  has  always  increased  to  an 
alarming  extent  after  a  war,  and  during 
the  time  of  war,  if  it  has  been  protracted. 
There  is  no  doubt  that  the  calamities  of 
war  reduce  many  respectable  persons  to 
want ;  but  at  the  same  time  the  circum- 
stances which  attend  a  period  of  commo- 
tion and  trouble  always  afiford  opportuni- 
ties to  impostors.  Mendicancy  had  reached 
a  fearful  pitch  during  the  last  great  war  with 
France  ;  and  in  1816,  the  year  after  the 
battle  of  Waterloo,  the  large  towns   were  j 


so  infested  by  beggars  of  every  description 
that  it  was  deemed  necessary  to  appoint  a 
select  committee  of  the  House  of  Commons 
to  consider  what  could  be  done  to  abate  the 
nuisance.  The  report  of  this  committee 
furnishes  some  interesting  particulars  of 
the  begging  impostures  of  the  time  and  of 
the  gains  of  beggars. 

Street  Beggars  in  1816. 

It  was  clearly  proved  that  a  man  with  a 
dog  got  30s.  in  one  day. 

Two  houses  in  St.  Giles's  frequented  by 
from  200  to  300  beggars.  It  was  proved 
that  each  beggar  made  on  an  average  from 
3s.  to  5s.  a  day.  They  had  grand  suppers 
at  midnight,  and  drank  and  sang  songs 
until  day-break. 

A  negro  beggar  retired  to  the  West 
Indies,  with  a  fortune  of  1,500^. 

The  value  of  15s.  20s.  and  30s.  found 
upon  ordinary  street  beggars.  They  get 
more  by  begging  than  they  can  by  work  ; 
they  get  so  much  by  begging  that  they 
never  apply  for  parochial  relief. 

A  manufacturer  in  Spitalfields  stated 
that  there  were  instances  of  his  own  people 
leaving  profitable  work  for  the  purpose  of 
begging. 

It  was  proved  that  many  beggars  paid 
50s.  a  week  for  their  board. 

Beggars  stated  that  they  go  through  40 
streets  in  a  day,  and  that  it  is  a  poor  street 
that  does  not  yield  2d. 

Beggars  are  furnished  with  children  at 
houses  in  Whitechapel  and  Shoreditch ; 
some  who  look  like  twins. 

A  woman  with  twins  who  never  grew 
older  sat  for  ten  years  at  the  corner  of  a 
street. 

Children  let  out  by  the  day,  who  carried 
to  their  parents  2s.  6d.  a  day  as  the  price 
paid  by  the  persons  who  hired  them. 

A  little  boy  and  a  httle  girl  earned  8s. 
a  day.  An  instance  is  stated  of  an  old 
woman  who  kept  a  night  school  for  in- 
structing children  in  the  street  language, 
and  how  to  beg. 

The  number  of  beggars  infesting  London 
at  this  time  (1816)  was  computed  to  be 
16,000,  of  which  6,300  were  Irish.  We 
glean  further  from  the  report  respecting 
them. 

It  appears  by  the  evidence  of  the  person 
who  contracts  for  carrying  vagrants  in  and 
through  the  county  of  Middlesex,  that  he 
has  passed  as  many  as  12,000  or  13,000  in  a 
year ;  but  no  estimate  can  be  formed  from 
that,  as  many  of  them  are  passed  several 
times  in  the  course  of  the  year.  And  it  is 
proved  that  these  people  are  in  the  course 
of  eight  or  ten  days  in  the  same  situation  j 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  FOOB. 


599 


as  they  find  no  difficulty  in  escaping  as 
soon  as  they  are  out  of  the  hands  of  the 
Middlesex  contractor. 

A  magistrate  in  the  office  at  Whitechapel, 
thinks  there  is  not  one  who  is  not  worth- 
less. 

The  rector  of  Saint  Clement  Danes  de- 
scribes them  as  living  very  well,  especially 
if  they  are  pretty  well  maimed,  blind,  or 
if  they  have  children. 

Beggars  scarify  their  feet  to  make  the 
blood  come ;  share  considerable  sums  of 
money,  and  get  scandalously  drunk, 
quarrel,  and  fight,  and  one  teaches  the 
other  the  mode  of  extorting  money  ;  they 
are  the  worst  of  characters,  blasphemous 
and  abusive  ;  when  they  are  detected  as 
impostors  in  one  parish  they  go  into  an- 
other. 

They  eat  no  broken  victuals  ;  but  have 
ham,  beef,  &c. 

Forty  or  fifty  sleep  in  a  house,  and  are 
locked  in  lest  they  should  carry  anything 
away,  and  are  let  out  in  the  morning  all 
at  once. 

Tear  their  clothes  for  an  appearance  of 
distress. 

Beggars  assemble  in  a  morning,  and  agree 
what  route  each  shall  take.  At  some  of 
the  houses,  the  knives  and  forks  chained 
to  the  tables,  and  other  articles  chained  to 
the  walls. 

Mendicant  Pensioners. 

Some  who  have  pensions  as  soldiers  or 
sailors  were  among  those  who  apply  by 
letters  for  charity  ;  one  sailor  who  had  lost 
a  leg  is  one  of  the  most  violent  and  despe- 
rate characters  in  the  metropolis. 

Among  beggars  of  the  very  worst  class 
there  are  about  30  Greenwich  pensioners, 
who  have  instruments  of  music,  and  go 
about  in  parties. 

A  marine  who  complained  that  he  had 
but  71.  a  year  pension,  said  he  could  make 
a  day's  work  in  an  hour  in  any  square  in 
London. 

A  pensioner  who  had  18^.  a  year  from 
Chelsea,  when  taken  up  for  begging  had 
bank-notes  concealed  in  his  waistcoat,  and 
on  many  of  that  description  frequently  8s. 
10s.  or  12s.  are  found,  that  they  have  got  in 
a  day. 

Chelsea  pensioners  beg  in  all  directions 
at  periods  between  the  receipts  of  their 
pensions. 

A  Chelsea  pensioner  who  receives  Is.  6d. 
a  day  is  one  of  the  most  notorious  beggars 
who  infest  the  town. 

A  Greenwich  pensioner  of  71.  a  j^'ear, 
gets  from  5s.  to  10s.  for  writing  begging 
letters. 


Begging  Letter  Writers  in  1816. 

Some  thousand  applications  by  letters  are 
made  for  charity  to  ladies,  noblemen,  and 
gentlemen  in  the  metropolis  ;  two  thousand 
on  an  average  were  within  the  knowledge 
of  one  individual  who  was  employed  to 
make  inquiries.  Several  persons  subsist 
by  writing  letters  ;  one  woman  profits  by 
the  practice,  who  receives  a  guinea  a  week 
as  a  legacy  from  a  relation,  and  has  laid 
out  200/.  in  the  funds.  Letters  have  been 
written  by  the  same  person  in  five  or  six 
difi'erent  hands. 

Persons  who  write  begging  letters  are 
called  twopenny-post  beggars. 

A  man  who  keeps  a  school  writes  beg- 
ging letters  for  2d.  each. 

These  extracts,  culled  here  and  there 
from  a  voluminous  report,  will  suflB.ce  to 
give  an  idea  of  the  state  of  mendicancy  in 
the  metropolis  at  the  beginning  of  the  cen- 
tury. The  public  were  so  shocked  and 
startled  by  the  systematic  impostures  that 
were  brought  to  light  that  an  effort  was 
made  to  protect  the  charitable  by  means 
of  an  organized  system  of  inquiry  into 
the  character,  and  condition  of  all  persons 
who  were  found  begging.  The  result  of 
this  effort  was  the  establishment  in  1818 
of  the  now  well-known 

Mendicity  Society. 

The  object  of  this  Society  was  to  protect 
noblemen,  gentlemen,  and  other  persons 
accustomed  to  dispense  large  sums  in  cha- 
rity from  being  imposed  upon  by  cheats 
and  pretenders,  and  at  the  same  time  to 
provide,  on  behalf  of  the  public,  a  police 
system,  whose  sole  and  special  function 
should  be  the  suppression  of  mendicancy. 

The  plan  of  the  Society  is  as  follows  : — 
The  subscribers  receive  printed  tickets 
from  the  Society,  and  these  they  give  to  beg- 
gars instead  of  money.  The  ticket  refers 
the  beggar  to  the  Society's  office,  and  there 
his  case  is  enquired  into.  If  he  be  a  de- 
serving person  relief  is  afforded  him  from 
funds  placed  at  the  disposal  of  the  Society 
by  its  subscribers.  If  he  is  found  to  be  an 
impostor  he  is  arrested  and  prosecuted  at 
the  instance  of  the  Society.  '^^  Governors  of 
this  Society  may  obtain  tickets  for  dis- 
tribution at  any  time.  The  annual  payment 
of  one  guinea  constitutes  the  donor  a  go- 
vernor, and  the  payment  of  ten  guineas  at 
one  time,  or  within  one  year,  a  governor 
for  life.  A  system  of  inquiry  into  the 
merits  of  persons  who  are  in  the  habit  of 
BEGGING  BY  LETTER  has  been  incorporated 


400 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


with  the  Society's  proceedings,  and  the  fol- 
lowing persons  are  entitled  to  refer  such 
letters  to  the  office  for  investigation,  it 
being  understood  that  the  eventual  grant 
of  relief  rests  with  the  subscriber  sending 
the  case : — 

I.  All  contributors  to  the  general  funds 

of  the  Society  to  the  amount  of 
twenty  guineas. 

II.  All  contributors  to  the  general  funds 

of  the  Society  to  the  amount  of 
ten  guineas,  and  who  also  subscribe 
ONE  GUINEA  annually. 

III.  All  subscribers  of  two  guineas  and 
upwards  per  annum. 

So  successful  have  been  the  efforts  of  this 
Society  in  protectingi;  the  charitable  from 
the  depredations  of  begging-letter  writers 
and  other  mendicants,  that  now  almost 
every  public  man  whose  prominent  posi- 
tion marks  him  out  for  their  appeals,  con- 
tributes to  the  Society,  either  by  subscrip- 
tions or  donation.  The  Queen  herself  is 
the  Patron ;  the  President  is  the  Marquis 
of  Westminster,  and  among  the  Vice-Pre- 
sidents may  be  counted  three  dukes,  three 
marquises,  eight  earls,  one  viscount,  a 
bishop,  and  a  long  list  of  lords  and  mem- 
bers of  parliament.  Altogether  the  Society 
has  about  2,400  subscribers,  whose  dona- 
tions and  subscriptions  range  from  lOOZ. 
and  501.  to  21.  and  1/.  The  total  amount 
of  the  Society's  income  for  i860  was 
3,913?.  14s.  2(L,  of  which  3,010?  13s.  9d. 
was  derived  from  subscriptions  and  dona- 
tions, the  remainder  being  derived  from 
legacies,  interest  on  stock  and  the  profits 
of  the  Society's  works.  The  expenditure 
for  the  same  year  was  3,169?.  16s,  lOc?.,  and 
the  amount  expended  in  the  relief  of  men- 
dicants, 906?.  9s. 

The  meals  given  in  1860  to  persons  who 
were  found  to  be  deserving  were  42,192. 

The  unregistered  cases  (that  is,  those 
not  thought  to  require  a  special  investiga- 
tion) were  4 ,  224,  and  the  registered  cases 
430. 

The  vagrants  apprehended  were  739  ;  of 
whom  350  were  convicted. 

The  following  Table  sets  forth  the  whole 
of  the  cases  that  came  under  the  notice  of 
the  Society  in  1860. 


Number  of  registered  cases  in  1860     . 

Of  which  there  a})peared  to  belong — 
To  parishes  in  London  .  .  .      151 


430 


Country 

Ireland 

Scotland 

Wales 

France 

East  Indies 


142 

82 
0 


West  Indies 

America 

Italy  . 

Africa 

China 

Switzerland 

Germany 

Poland 

Unknown     . 


430 


Alleged  causes  of  distress. 

Want  of  employment 

Age  and  intivmity    .... 

Failure  in  business  .... 

Foreigners  and  others  desirous  of  re- 
turning home       .... 

Sickness  and  accidents 

Want  of  clothing     .... 

Loss  of  stock,  tools,  &c.     . 

Loss  of  character     .... 

Loss  of  relations  and  friends  by  death, 
desertion,  imprisonment,  &;c. . 


395 
1 
1 


430 


The  various 
follows  :- 


cases  were  disposed   of  as 


lieferrod  to  London  parishes  ;  most  of  whom 
were  admitted  into  workhouses,  or  obtained 
relief  through  the  interference  of  the  Societj', 
some  being  previously  relieved  with  money, 
food,  and  clothing  .  .  .  .15 

Relieved  with  clothing  and  sent  to  their  respec- 
tive parishes  .....        9 

Provided  with  situations,  clothing,  tools,  goods, 
or  other  means  of  effectually  supporting 
themselves   ......       S 

New  apprehended  cases  by  the  Society's  con- 
.stables  during  1860  :  a  large  number  of  whom 
were  committed  by  the  magistrates  as  va- 
grants ;  others  w^'"*'  referred  to  the  Society, 
and  sent  to  work,  the  men  at  the  mill,  and 
stone-breaking,  and  the  women  at  oakum- 
picking ;  and  several  were  assisted  with  the 
means  of  returning  home  .  .  .   STfT 

Proved  on  investigation  to  be  undeserving       .        4 

Employed  at  the  mill  and  oakum  picking  (not 
apprehended  cases)  ....        1 

Placed  in  hospitals  and  assisted  with  clothing       4r 

Relieved  weekly,  where  distress  appeared  tem- 
porary, and  clothes,  blankets,  shoes,  &c, 
oiven  ......     IS 


Total 


.   400 


The  following  Table  exhibits  a  statement 
of  the  Society's  proceedings  from  the  first 
year  of  its  formation  to  the  year  1860  : — 


Years. 

1818 
1819 
1820 
1821 


Cases  registered.    ."^Sued.  Meals  given. 
..     3,284     ... 
..     4,682     ... 
..     4,54(>     ... 
..     2,339     ... 


385  ... 

16,827 

580  ... 

33,013 

559  ... 

46,407 

324  ... 

28.542 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


401 


Years. 

Cases  registered 

Brouc:;ht  ford. 

1822 

...      2,235     .. 

1823 

...     1,493     .. 

1824 

...      1,441     .. 

1825 

...      1,096     .. 

182(; 

833     .. 

1827 

806     .. 

1828 

...     1,284     .. 

1829 

671     .. 

1830 

848     .. 

1831 

...     1,285     .. 

1832 

...     1,040     .. 

1833 

624     .. 

1834 

...     1,226     .. 

1835 

...     1,408     .. 

1836 

946     .. 

1837 

...      1,087     .. 

1838 

...     1,041     .. 

1839 

...     1,055     .. 

1840 

706     .. 

1841 

997     .. 

1842 

...     1,233     .. 

1843 

...     1,148     .. 

1844 

...     1,184     .. 

1845 

...     1,001     .. 

1846 

980     .. 

1847 

910     .. 

1848 

...     1,161     .. 

1849 

...     1,043     .. 

1850 

787     .. 

1851 

...     1,150     .. 

1852 

658     .. 

1853 

419     .. 

1854 

332     .. 

1855 

235     .. 

1856 

325     .. 

1857 

354     .. 

1858 

329     .. 

1859 

364     .. 

1860 

430     .. 

Vagrants 
committed. 

Meals 

givei 

287  . 

.     22,232 

193  . 

.     20 

,152 

195  . 

.     25 

396 

381  . 

.     19 

,600 

300  . 

.     22 

972 

403  . 

.     35 

892 

786  . 

.     21 

066 

602  .. 

.     26 

288 

— 

.   105 

488 

— 

.     79 

156 

— 

.     73 

315 

— 

.     37, 

074 

652  .. 

.     30 

513 

1,510   .. 

.     84 

717 

1,004  .. 

.     68 

134 

1,090  .. 

.     87 

454 

873  .. 

.   155, 

348 

962   .. 

.  110, 

943 

752  .. 

.  113, 

502 

1,119  .. 

.  195, 

625 

1,306  .. 

.  128 

914 

1,018  .. 

.  167 

126 

937  .. 

.  174 

229 

868  .. 

.  105 

139 

778  .. 

.  148 

569 

625  .. 

.  239 

171 

979  . 

.  148 

661 

905  .. 

.     64 

251 

570  . 

.     94 

106 

900  .. 

.   102 

140 

607  .. 

.     67 

985 

354  .. 

.     62 

788 

326   .. 

.     52 

212 

239  .. 

.     52 

731 

293   .. 

.     49 

806 

358  . 

.     54 

074 

298  . 

.     43 

836 

305  . 

.     40 

,256 

350  . 

.     42 

,192 

51,016  24 Jl?.-    3,357,834 

Total  number  of  cT,pprehended  cases  in  1860: — • 
Committed  ...         ...         ...       350 

Discharged  ...       389 

739 

Non-registered  cases  during  the  year  4,224 
Kegistered  cases  ...  ...  ...       430 

4,654 

I  will  now  give  a  few  examples  of  the 
cases  which  ordinarily  come  under  the 
notice  of  the  Society. 

A  Deserving  Case. 
A.  L.  and  her  sister,  the  one  a  widow, 
70,  the  other  a  single  woman,  55,  applied 
for  relief  under  the  following  circum- 
stances. They  had  for  many  years  been 
supporting  themselves  by  making  chil- 
dren's leather-covered  toy  balls,  at  one 
time  earning  a  comfortable  living;  but 
their  means  were  reduced  from  time  to 
time  by  the  introduction  of  India-rubber 
and  gutta-percha,  until  at  last  five  pence 


per  dozen  was  all  they  could  obtain  for 
their  labour  ;  and  it  required  both  to  apply 
themselves  for  many  hours  to  earn  that 
small  amount ;  still,  to  avoid  the  work- 
house, they  toiled  on,  until  the  destruction 
of  Messrs.  Payne's  toy  warehouse  in  Hol- 
born,  which  threw  them  entirely  out  of 
work,  and  reduced  them  to  absolute  want. 
It  was  thus  they  were  found  in  the  winter 
having  been  frequently  without  food,  fire, 
or  candle,  nearly  perishing  with  cold,  and 
in  fear  of  being  turned  into  the  streets  for 
arrears  of  rent.  Inquiry  having  been  in- 
stituted as  to  their  character,  which  was 
found  to  be  exceedingly  good,  they  were 
relieved  for  three  months  with  money  and 
food  weekly,  besides  bedding  and  clothing 
being  given  to  them  from  the  Society's 
stores. 

Another. 

E.W.,  the  applicant,  a  widow  of  a  journey- 
man carpenter,  who,  in  consequence  of  his 
protracted  illness  and  want  of  employment, 
was  at  the  time  of  his  death  destitute,  and 
in  her  confinement  at  the  time  she  was 
visited  by  the  Society.  She  had  three 
young  children  incapable  of  contributing 
to  their  own  support,  and  the  parish  offi- 
cers in  consequence  were  relieving  her 
with  a  trifle  weekly  ;  but  she  was  in  a  very 
low  state  for  want  of  nourishment.  The 
referee  expressed  it  as  his  opinion  that  she 
Avas  a  very  deserving  woman,  and  that  on 
two  or  three  occasions  he  had  afibrded  her 
assistance,  and  had  much  pleasure  in  re- 
commending her  case.  Assistance  was  in 
consequence  given  her  for  several  weeks, 
for  which  she  appeared  very  grateful. 

An  Impostor. 

J.  C.  This  man,  who  has  been  seven- 
teen times  apprehended  by  the  Society's 
constables,  and  as  many  more  by  the  po- 
lice, was  taken  into  custody  for  begging. 
He  is  an  old  man,  and  his  age  usually 
excites  the  sympathy  of  the  public  ;  but 
he  is  a  gross  impostor,  and  for  the  last 
fifteen  years  has  been  about  the  streets, 
imposing  upon  the  benevolent.  He  has 
been  convicted  of  stealing  books,  news- 
papers, and  on  one  occasion  an  inkstand 
from  a  coftee  house.  His  appeals  to  the 
benevolent  in  the  streets  are  very  pertina- 
cious, and  persons  frequently  give  him 
money  for  the  purpose  of  getting  rid  of 
him.  He  had,  when  last  taken  into 
custody,  21.  9s.  Ad.  secreted  about  his 
person,  part  in  his  stockings,  which  he 
stated  had  been  given  to  him  to  enable 
him  to  leave  the  country,  and  a  variety  of 
what  he  represented  to  be  original  verse^^ 


2  ]3 


402 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 


was  found  in  his  possession  and  produced 
before  tlio  magistrate,  to  whom  he  ap- 
pealed to  sympathise  with  a  poor  author. 
-'  Pray,  sir,"  said  he,  "  look  at  my  verses  : 
you  will  find  that  they  are  such  as  would 
be  written  by  a  man  of  scholastic  attain- 
ments ;  they  breathe  a  sentiment  of  love 
and  charity,  and  of  generosity  to  the  poor ; 
they  are  of  scientific  interest,  and  fit  for 
the  perusal  of  royalty."  His  sentence  to 
a  month's  imprisonment  only  evidently 
surprised  him,  for  which  he  thanked  the 
magistrate  ;  but  he  continued  in  a  sup- 
pressed tone  of  voice :  "  But,  sir,  what 
about  my  money?"  On  being  informed 
that,  on  account  of  his  age,  it  should  be 
returned  to  him  when  his  time  of  impri- 
sonment expired,  he  indulged  in  a  rhapsody 
of  delight,  but  begged  that  his  emotion 
might  not  be  misconstrued.  "  It  is  not 
the  love  of  money,  sir,"  addressing  the 
magistrate,  "that  moves  me  thus  ;  it  is  a 
far  higher  feeling ;  I  have  an  affectionate 
heart,  sir, — it  is  gratitude." 

Another  Impostor. 

E.  M.  0.  This  man  applied  for  relief 
during  the  severity  of  the  winter  of 
18G0-1,  representing  himself  as  in  much 
distress  for  want  of  employment ;  that  he 
had  a  wife  ill  at  home,  confined  to  her  bed, 
and  having  been  for  a  long  time  out  of 
work,  his  three  children  were  wanting  food. 
Work  was  accordingly  given  to  him  at  the 
Society's  mill,  and  he  w£us  supplied  with 
food  for  the  immediate  wants  of  his  family, 
pending  inquiry  into  the  truthfulness  of 
his  story.  It  was  found  that  he  was  a 
single  man,  who,  for  deceptive  purposes, 
had  adopted  the  name  of  a  woman  with 
whom  he  was  hving,  and  who  had  se- 
parated from  her  husband  but  a  short  time 
previously,  and  was  tutoring  her  children 
in  all  imaginable  kinds  of  vice.  It  was  also 
ascertained  that  the  police  had  strict 
orders  to  watch  the  man's  movements,  for 
he  was  known  as  an  associate  of  characters 
of  the  worst  description.  He  was  con- 
sequently discharged  from  the  Society's 
works,  with  a  caution  against  applying  to 
the  benevolent  for  their  sympathy  in  the 
future. 

The  following  is  the  case  of  a  person 
who  applied  for  charity  by  letter,  whose 
case  was  found  to  be  a  deserving  one : — 

J.  W.  A  middle-aged  man  of  creditable 
appearance,  who  had  for  many  years  ob- 
tained a  livelihood  for  himself  and  family 
(consisting  of  his  wife  and  six  children) 
as  a  clerk  and  salesman  to  a  respectable 
firm,    being   thrown   out    of  his  situation 


through  his  employer's  embarrassed  circum- 
stances, became  gradually  reduced  to  des- 
titution, and  therefore  made  application 
for  assistance  to  a  subscriber  to  the  So- 
ciety. It  appeared  upon  investigation  that 
he  had  been  most  regular  in  his  attention 
to  his  duties,  strictly  honest,  industrious, 
and  sober,  and  just  at  the  time  of  the  in- 
quiry it  fortunately  happened  that  he  pro- 
cured another  situation,  but  was  hampered 
with  trifling  debts  which  he  incurred  while 
out  of  employment,  which  it  was  neces- 
sary to  discharge,  as  well  as  procure  suit- 
able clothing.  His  character  havinp;  proved 
satisfactory,  the  subscriber  applied  to 
directed  a  handsome  donation  to  be  ap- 
propriated to  his  assistance,  whereby  he 
was  enabled  to  overcome  his  difi&culties. 
He  showed  himself  most  grateful  for  the 
assistance. 

I  shall  now,  by  way  of  contrast,  give 
the  case  of  two  beggars  by  letter,  who  were 
found  to  be  rank  impostors : — 

H.  G.  This  man  and  his  wife  have  been 
known  to  the  Society  for  many  years  as 
two  of  the  most  persevering  and  impudent 
impostors  that  ever  came  under  its  cog- 
nizance. The  man,  although  possessing 
considerable  ability,  and  having  a  respect- 
able situation  as  a  clerk  in  a  public  insti- 
tution, had  become  such  an  habitual 
drunkard  as  to  be  quite  reckless  as  to  what 
false  rejDresentations  he  put  forth  to  ob- 
tain charitable  assistance  ;  and  finding  him- 
self detected  in  his  various  fabricated  tales 
of  distress,  had  the  impudence  to  apply  to 
a  subscriber  by  letter,  wherein  he  repre- 
sented that  his  wife  had  died  after  several 
months'  severe  afiliction,  which  upon  in- 
quiry turned  out  untrue,  his  wife  being 
alive  and  well,  and  they  were  living  to- 
gether at  the  very  time  the  letter  was 
written.  Notwithstanding  he  was  thus 
foiled  in  his  endeavours  to  impose,  a  few 
weeks  afterwards  the  wife  had  the  assur- 
ance to  send  a  letter  to  another  subscriber, 
craving  assistance  on  account  of  the  death 
of  her  husband,  and  in  order  to  carry  out 
the  deception  she  dressed  herself  in 
widow's  weeds.  The  gentleman  applied  to, 
however,  having  some  misgivings  as  to  her 
representations,  fortunately  forwarded  her 
appeal  to  the  Society,  where  it  was  ascer- 
tained that  her  husband  was  also  alive  and 
well. 

A  Well-Educated  Beggar. 

J.  R.  P.  r.  A  man  about  45  years  of 
age,  the  son  of  a  much  respected  clergy- 
man in  Lancashire,  who  had  received  a 
good  classical  education,  and  was  capable 
of  gaining  an  excellent  livelihood,  applied 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


403 


to  various  persons  for  aid,  in  consequence, 
as  he  said,  of  being  in  great  distress 
through  want  of  a  situation.  He  carefully 
selected  those  gentlemen  who  were  well 
acquainted  with,  and  respected,  his  father, 
some  of  whom,  mistrusting  his  represen- 
tations, forwarded  the  letters  to  th^  Mendi- 
city Society  for  inquiry,  which  proved  the 
applicant  to  be  a  most  depraved  character, 
who  had  been  a  source  of  great  trouble  to 
his  parents  for  many  years,  they  having 
provided  him  with  situations  (as  teacher  in 
various  respectable  establishments)  from 
time  to  time,  and  also  furnished  him  with 
means  of  clothing  himself  respectably  ;  but 
on  every  occasion  he  remained  in  his  em- 
ployment but  a  very  short  time,  before  he 
gave  way  to  his  propensity  to  drink,  and 
so  disgraced  himself  that  his  employers 
were  glad  to  get  rid  of  him  ;  whereupon  he 
made  away  with  his  clothing  to  indulge 
his  vicious  propensity. 

I  will  now  proceed  to  give  an  account  of 
the  beggars  of  London,  as  they  have  come 
under  my  notice  in  the  course  of  the  pre- 
sent inquiry. 

BEGGING-LETTER  WEITERS. 

Foremost  among  beggars,  by  right  of  pre- 
tension to  blighted  prospects  and  correct 
penmanship,  stands  the  Begging-Letter 
Writer.  He  is  the  connecting  link  between 
mendicity  and  the  observance  of  external 
respectability.  He  affects  white  cravats, 
soft  hands,  and  filbert  nails.  He  oils  his 
hair,  cleans  his  boots,  and  wears  a  porten- 
tous stick-up  collar.  The  light  of  other 
days  of  gentility  and  comfort  casts  a  halo 
of  ''deportment"  over  his  well-brushed, 
white-seamed  coat,  his  carefully  darned 
black-cloth  gloves,  and  pudgy  gaiters.  He 
invariably  carries  an  umbrella,  and  wears  a 
hat  with  an  enormous  brim.  His  once 
raven  hair  is  turning  grey,  and  his  well- 
shaved  whiskerless  cheeks  are  blue  as  with 
gunpowder  tattoo.  He  uses  the  plainest 
and  most  respectable  of  cotton  pocket- 
handkerchiefs,  and  keeps  his  references  as 
to  character  in  the  most  irreproachable  of 
shabby  leather  pocket-books.  His  mouth 
is  heavy,  his  under-lip  thick,  sensual,  and 
lowering,  and  his  general  expression  of 
pious  resignation  contr9,dicted  by  rest- 
less, bloodshot  eyes,  that  flash  from  side 
to  side,  quick  to  perceive  the  approach  of 
a  compassionate-looking  clergyman,  a  fe- 
male devotee,  or  a  keen-scented  member 
of  the  Society  for  the  Suppression  of  Men- 
dicity. 

Among  the  many  varieties  of  mendacious 
beggars,  there  is  none  so  detestable  as  this 


hypocritical  scoundrel,  who,  witli  an  osten- 
tatiously-submissive air,  and  false  pretence 
of  faded  fortunes,  tells  his  plausible  tale  of 
undeserved  suffering,  and  extracts  from  the 
hearts  and  pockets  of  the  superficially 
good-hearted  their  S3''mpathy  and  coin. 
His  calling  is  a  special  one,  and  requires 
study,  perseverance,  and  some  personal 
advantages.  The  begging-letter  writer 
must  write  a  good  hand,  speak  grammati- 
cally, and  have  that  shrewd  perception  of 
character  peculiar  to  fortune-tellers,  horo- 
scopists,  cheap-jacks,  and  pedlars.  He 
"  must  read  and  write,  and  cast  accounts  ;" 
have  an  intuitive  knowledge  of  the  "  no- 
bility and  landed  gentr}^ ;"  be  a  keen 
physiognomist,  and  an  adept  at  imitation 
of  handwritings,  old  documents,  quaint 
ancient  orthography,  and  the  like.  He 
must  possess  an  artistic  eye  for  costume, 
an  unfaltering  courage,  and  have  tears  and 
hysterics  at  immediate  command. 

His  great  stock-in-trade  is  his  register. 
There  he  carefully  notes  down  the  names, 
addresses,  and  mental  peculiarities  of  his 
victims,  and  the  character  and  pretence 
under  which  he  robbed  them  of  their 
bounty.  It  would  not  do  to  tell  the  same 
person  the  same  story  twice,  as  once  hap- 
pened to  an  unusually  audacious  member 
of  the  fraternity,  who  had  obtained  money 
from  an  old  lady  for  the  purpose  of  bury- 
ing his  wife,  for  whose  loss  he,  of  course, 
expressed  the  deepest  grief.  Confident  in 
the  old  lady's  kindness  of  heart  and  weak- 
ness of  memory,  three  months  after  his 
bereavement  he  again  posted  himself  before 
the  lady's  door,  and  gave  vent  to  violent 
emotion. 

"Dear  me!"  thought  the  old  lady, 
"  there's  that  poor  man  who  lost  his  wife 
some  time  ago."  She  opened  the  window, 
and,  bidding  the  vagabond  draw  nearer, 
asked  him  what  trouble  he  was  in  at  pre- 
sent. 

After  repeated  questioning  the  fellow 
gurgled  out,  "  That  the  wife  of  his  bosom, 
the  mother  of  his  children,  had  left  him. 
for  that  bourne  from  which  no  traveller 
returns,  and  that  owing  to  a  series  of  un- 
precedented and  unexpected  misfortunes 
he  had  not  sufficient  money  to  defray  the 
funeral  expenses,  and — ' 

"  Oh,  nonsense  !"  interrupted  the  old 
lady.  "  You  lost  your  wife  a  quarter  of  a 
year  ago.  You  couldn't  lose  her  twice ; 
and  as  to  marrying  again,  and  losing 
again  in  that  short  time,  it  is  quite  im- 
possible !" 

I  subjoin  some  extracts  from  a  Eegister 
kept  by  a  begging-letter  writer,  and  who 
was  detected  and  punished  : — 


2  D  2 


404 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


CheUenham.  May  14,  1842. 

Rev.  John  Ftjrby. — Springwood  Villa. — Low 
Church. — Fond  of  architecture — Dugdale's  JIo- 
nastica — Son  of  architect — Lost  his  life  in  the 
*'  Charon,"  U.S.  packet— £2,  and  suit  of  clothes 
— Got  reference. 

Mrs.  Branxholme. —  Clematis  Cottage — Widow 
— Through  Kev.  Furby,  £3  and  prayer-bock. 

Gloucester.  May  30. 

Mrs.  Captain  Daxiei.s. Street. — Widow 

— Son  drowned  off  Cape,  as  purser  of  same  ship, 
"  The  Thetis  -"'—£5  and  old  sea-chest.  N.B. : 
Vamosed  next  day — Captain  returned  from  Lon- 
don—Gaff blown  in  county  paper.  Mem. :  Not 
to  visit  neighbourhood  for  four  years. 


Lincoln. 
Andrew  Taggart.- 


street. 


J^^nc  19. 
Gentleman- 


Great  abolitionist  of  slave  trade — As  tradesman 
from  U.S.,  who  had  lost  his  custom  by  aiding 
slope  of  fugitive  female  slave — By  name  Kaomi 
Brown — £5.  N.B. :  To  work  him  again,  for  he 
is  good. 

Grantham.  July  1. 

Charles  James  Campion. — Westby  House. — 
Gentleman — Literary — Writes  plays  and  novels — 
As  distant  relative  of  George  Frederick  Cooke,  and 
burnt-out  bookseller — £2  2s.  N.B.  :  Gave  me 
some  of  his  own  books  to  read — Such  trash — 
Cadger  in  one — No  more  like  cadger  than  Fm 
like  Bobby  Peel— Went  to  him  again  on  5th — 
Told  him  thought  it  wonderful,  and  the  best 
thing  out  since  Vicar  of  Wakefield — Gave  me  £1 
more — Very  good  man — To  be  seen  to  for  the 
future. 


Huntingdon. 
Mrs.  Siddick. — 


July  15. 
Street. — Widow — Cranky 


— Baptist — As  member  of  persuasion  from  perse- 
cution of  worldly-minded  relatives — £10— Gave 
her  address  in  London — Good  for  a  £o  every 
yeai- — Recognized  inspector — Leave  to-night. 

There  are,  of  course,  many  varieties  of 
the  begging-letter  writer;  but  although 
each  and  all  of  them  have  the  same  pre- 
tensions to  former  respectability,  their 
mode  of  levying  contributions  is  entirely 
different.  There  are  but  few  who  possess 
the  versatility  of  their  great  master — 
Bampfylde  Moore  Carew  ;  and  it  is  usual 
for  every  member  of  the  fraternity  to  chalk 
out  for  himself  a  particular  "  line  "  of  im- 
position— a  course  of  conduct  that  renders 
him  perfect  in  the  part  he  plays,  makes 
his  references  and  certificates  continually 
available,  and  prevents  him  from  "jostling  " 
or  coming  into  collision  with  others  of  his 
calling  who  might  be  "  on  the  same  lay  as 
himself,  and  spoil  his  game  !"  Among  the 
many  specimens,  one  of  the  most  promi- 
nent is  the 

Decayed  Gentleman. 
The  conversation  of  this  class  of  mendi- 


cant is  of  former  greatness,  of  acquaintance 
among  the  nobility  and  gentry  of  a  par- 
ticular county — always  a  distant  one  from 
the  scene  of  operations — of  hunting,  races, 
balls,  meets,  appointments  to  the  magis- 
tracy, lord-lieutenants,  contested  elections, 
and  marriages  in  high  life.  The  knowledge 
of  the  things  of  which  he  talks  so  fluentl}^ 
is  gleaned  from  files  of  old  county  news- 
l^apers.  When  at  fault,  or  to  use  his  own 
phrase,  "  pounded,"  a  ready  wit,  a  depre- 
cating shrug,  and  a  few  words,  such  as, 
"Perhaps  I'm  mistaken — I  used  to  visit 
a  good  deal  there,  and  was  introduced 
to  so  many  who  have  forgotten  me  now 
— my  memory  is  failing,  like  everything 
else"  —  extricate  him  from  his  difficulty, 
and  increase  his  capital  of  past  prosperity 
and  present  poverty.  The  decayed  gentle- 
man is  also  a  great  authority  on  wines — by 
right  of  a  famous  sample — his  father  "laid 
down"  in  eighteen  eleven,  "the  comet  year 
you  know,"  and  is  not  o.  little  severe  upon 
his  past  extravagance.  He  relishes  the  re- 
trospection of  the  heavy  losses  he  endured 
at  Newmarket,  Doncaster,  and  Epsom  in 
"  forty-two  and  three,"  and  is  pathetic  on 
the  subject  of  the  death  of  William  Scott. 
The  cause  of  his  ruin  he  attributes  usually 
to  a  suit  in  the  Court  of  Chancery,  or  the 
"  fatal  and  calamitous  Encumbered  Irish 
Estates  Bill."  He  is  a  florid  impostor,  and 
has  a  jaunty  sonorous  way  of  using  his 
clean,  threadbare,  silk  pocket-handkerchief, 
that  carries  conviction  even  to  the  most 
sceptical. 

It  is  not  uncommon  to  find  among  these 
degraded  mendicants  one  who  has  really 
been  a  gentleman,  as  far  as  birth  and  edu- 
cation go,  but  whose  excesses  and  extrava- 
gances have  reduced  him  to  mendicity. 
Such  cases  are  the  most  hopeless.  Un- 
mindful of  decent  pride,  and  that  true  gen- 
tility that  rises  superior  to  circumstance, 
and  finds  no  soil  upon  the  money  earned 
by  labour,  the  lying,  drunken,  sodden 
wretch  considers  work  "  beneath  him ;" 
upon  the  shifting  quicksands  of  his  own 
vices  rears  an  edifice  of  vagabond  vanity, 
and  persuades  himself  that,  by  forfeiting 
his  manhood,  he  vindicates  his  right  to  the 
character  of  gentleman. 

The  letters  written  by  this  class  of  beg- 
gar generally  run  as  follows.  My  readers 
will,  of  course,  understand  that  the  names 
and  places  mentioned  are  the  only  portions 
of  the  epistles  that  are  fictitious. 

*'  Three  Mermaids  Inn,  Pond  Lane. 

April  — ,  ] 8    . 
"Sir,  or  Madam, 

"  Although  I  have  not  the  honour  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOM. 


4o: 


be  personally  acquainted  with  you,  I  have 
had  the  advantage  of  an  introduction  to  a 
member  of  your  family,  Major  Sherbrook, 
when  with  his  regiment  at  Malta ;  and  my 
present  disadvantageous  circumstances  em- 
boldens me  to  write  to  you,  for  the  claims 
of  affliction  upon  the  heart  of  the  compas- 
sionate are  among  the  holiest  of  those  kin- 
dred ties  that  bind  man  to  his  fellow- 
being. 

"  My  father  was  a  large  landed  proprietor 

at   Peddlethorpe,  shire.      I,   his   only 

son,  had  every  advantage  that  birth  and 
fortune  could  give  me  claim  to.  From  an 
informality  in  the  wording  of  my  father's 
will,  the  dishonesty  of  an  attorney,  and  the 
rapacity  of  some  of  my  poor  late  father's 
distant  relatives,  the  property  was,  at  his 
death,  thrown  into  Chancery,  and  for  the 
last  four  years  I  have  been  reduced  to — 
comparatively  speaking — starvation. 
•  "  With  the  few  relics  of  my  former  pros- 
perity I  have  long  since  parted.  My 
valued  books,  and,  I  am  ashamed  to  own, 
my  clothes,  are  gone.  I  am  now  in  the  last 
stage  of  destitution,  and,  1  regret  to  say, 
in  debt  to  the  worthy  landlord  of  the 
tavern  from  which  I  write  this,  to  the 
amount  of  eight  and  sixpence.  My  object 
in  coming  to  this  part  of  the  country  was 
to  see  an  old  friend,  whom  I  had  hoped 
would  have  assisted  me.  We  were  on  the 
same  form  together  at  Rugby — Mr.  Joseph 
Thurwood  of  Coi3esthorpe.  Alas  !  I  find 
that  he  died  three  months  ago. 

"  I  most  respectfully  beg  of  you  to  grant 
me  some  trifling  assistance.  As  in  my 
days  of  prosperity  I  trust  my  heart  was 
never  deaf  to  the  voice  of  entreaty,  nor  my 
purse  closed  to  the  wants  of  the  necessi- 
tous ;  so  dear  sir,  or  madam,  I  hope  that 
my  request  will  not  be  considered  by  you 
as  impertinent  or  intrusive. 

"  I  have  the  honour  to  enclose  you  some 
testimonials  as  to  my  character  and  former 
station  in  society  ;  and  trusting  that  the 
Almighty  Being  may  never  visit  you  with 
that  affliction  which  it  has  been  His  all- 
wise  purpose  to  heap  on  me,  I  am 
"  Your  most  humble  and 

"  Obhged  servant, 
"  Frederick  Maurice  Stanhope, 
"  Formerly  of  Stanhope  House, shire." 

The  Broken-down  Teadesman 

is  a  sort  of  retail  dealer  in  the  same  de- 
scription of  article  as  the  decayed  gentle- 
man. The  unexpected  breaking  of  fourteen 
of  the  most  respectable  banking-houses  in 
New  York,  or  the  loss  of  the  cargoes  of  two 
vessels  in  the  late  autumnal  gales,  or  the 
suspension  of  payment  of  Haul,  Strong,  and 


Chates,  "joined  and  combined  together 
with  the  present  commercial  crisis,  has 
been  the  means  of  bringing  him  down  to 
his  present  deplorable  situation,"  as  his 
letter  runs.  His  references  are  mostly 
from  churchwardens,  bankers,  and  dissent- 
ing clergymen,  and  he  carries  about  a  ficti- 
tious set  of  books— day-book,  ledger,  and 
petty-cash-book,  containing  entries  of  debts 
of  large  amounts,  and  a  dazzling  display  of 
the  neatest  and  most  immaculate  of  com- 
mercial cyphering.  His  conversation,  like 
his  correspondence,  is  a  queer  jumble  of 
arithmetic  and  scripture.  He  has  a  wife 
whose  appearance  is  in  itself  a  small  in- 
come. She  folds  the  hardest-working-look- 
ing of  hands  across  the  cleanest  of  white 
aprons,  and  curtseys  with  the  humility  of 
a  pew-opener.  The  clothes  of  the  worthy 
couple  are  shabby,  but  their  persons  and 
linen  are  rigorously  clean.  Their  cheeks 
shine  with  yellow  soap,  as  if  they  were 
rasped  and  bee's-waxed  every  morning. 
The  male  impostor,  when  fleecing  a  vic- 
tim, has  a  habit  of  washing  his  hands 
"with  invisible  soap  and  imperceptible 
water,"  as  though  he  were  waiting  on  a 
customer.  The  wedded  pair — and,  gene- 
rally, they  are  really  married — are  of  con- 
genial dispositions  and  domestic  turn  of 
mind,  and  get  drunk,  and  fight  each  other, 
or  go  half-price  to  the  play  according  to 
their  humour.  It  is  usually  jealousy  that 
betrays  them.  The  husband  is  unfaithful, 
and  the  wife  "  peaches  ;"  through  her 
agency  the  police  are  put  upon  the  track, 
and  the  broken-down  tradesman  is  com- 
mitted. In  prison  he  professes  extreme 
penitence,  and  has  a  turn  for  scriptural 
quotation,  that  stands  him  in  good  stead. 

On  his  release  he  takes  to  itinerant 
preaching,  or  political  lecturing.  What 
becomes  of  him  after  those  last  resources 
it  is  difficult  to  determine.  The  chances 
are  that  he  again  writes  begging  letters, 
but  "  on  a  different  lay." 

The  Distressed  Scholar 

is  another  variety  of  the  same  species,  a 
connecting  link  between  the  self-glorifi- 
cation of  the  decayed  gentleman  and  the 
humility  of  the  broken-down  tradesman. 
He  is  generally  in  want  of  money  to  pay 
his  raihvay-fare,  or  coach-hire  to  the  noi'th 
of  England,  where  he  has  a  situation  as 
usher  to  an  academy — or  he  cannot  seek 
for  a  situation  for  want  of  "  those  clothes 
which  sad  necessity  has  compelled  him  to 
part  with  for  temporary  convenience."  His 
letters,  written  in  the  best  small  hand,  with 
the  finest  of  upstrokes  and  fattest  of  down- 
strokes,  are  after  this  fashion  : 


40G 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOUR. 


"  Star  Temperance  Coffee  House, 
"  Gravel  Walk. 

"  Sir,  or  Madam, 

"  I  have  the  honour  to  lay  my  case 
before  you,  humbly  entreating  your  kind 
consideration. 

"I  am  a  tutor,  and  was  educated  at 
St. 's  College,  Cambridge.  My  last  situa- 
tion was  with  the  Rev.  Mr.  Cross,  Laburnum 
House,  near  Dorking.  I  profess  English, 
Latin,  Greek,  mathematics,  and  the  liigher 
branches  of  arithmetic,  and  am  well  read 
in  general  literature,  ancient  and  modern, 
'  Rudem  esse  omnino  in  nostris  poetis  est 
inertissima^  signitifc  signum.' 

"  I  am  at  present  under  engagement  to 
superintend  the  scholastic  establishment 
of  Mr.  Tighthand  of  the  classical  and  com- 
mercial  academy  • ,    Cumberland,    but 

have  not  the  means  of  defraying  the  ex- 
penses of  my  journey,  nor  of  appearing 
with  becoming  decency  before  my  new 
employer  and  my  pupils. 

"  My  w^ardrobe  is  all  pledged  for  an 
amount  incommensurate  with  its  value, 
and  I  humbly  and  respectfully  lay  my  case 
before  you,  and  implore  you  for  assistance, 
or  even  a  temporary  accommodation. 

"  I  am  aware  that  impostors,  armed  with 
specious  stories,  often  impose  on  the  kind- 
hearted  and  the  credulous.  '  Nervi  atque 
artus  est  sapientiae — non  temere  credere.' 
I  have  therefore  the  honour  to  forward  you 
the  enclosed  testimonials  from  my  former 
employers  and  others  as  to  my  character 
and  capacity. 

"  That  you  may  never  be  placed  in  such 
circumstances  as  to  compel  you  to  indite 
such  an  epistle  as  the  one  I  am  at  present 
penning  is  my  most  fervent  wish.  Rely 
upon  it,  generous  sir — or  madam — that, 
should  you  afford  me  the  means  of  gaining 
an  honourable  competence,  you  shall  never 
have  to  repent  your  timely  benevolence. 
If,  however,  I  should  be  unsuccessful  in 
my  present  apphcation,  I  must  endeavour 
to  console  myself  with  the  words  of  the 
great  poet.  'yEtas  ipsa  solatium  omnibus 
afFert,'  or  with  the  diviner  precept :  'And 
this  too  shall  pass  away.' 

"  I  have,  sir — or  madam— the  honour 
to  be 

"  Your  humble  and  obedient  servant, 
"  Horace  Humm." 
A  gracefully  flourished  swan,  with  the 
date  in  German  text  on  his  left  wing,  ter- 
minates the  letter. 

The  Kaggs  Family. 

This  case  of  cleverly  organized  swindling 
fell  beneath  the  writer's  personal  observa- 
tion. 


In  a  paved  court,  dignified  with  the 
name  of  a  market,  leading  into  one  of  the 
principal  thoroughfares  of  London,  dwelt 
a  family  whom,  from  fear  of  an  action  for 
libel  which,  should  they  ever  read  these 
lines,  they  would  assuredly  bring,  I  will 
call  Kaggs.  Mr.  Kaggs,  the  head  of  the 
family,  had  commenced  hfe  in  the  service 
of  a  nobleman.  He  was  a  tall,  portly  man, 
with  a  short  nose,  broad  truculent  mouth, 
and  a  light,  moist  eye.  His  personal  ad- 
vantages and  general  conduct  obtained 
him  promotion,  and  raised  him  from  the 
servants'  hall  to  the  pantry.  When  he 
was  thirty  years  of  age,  he  was  butler  in 
the  family  of  a  country  gentleman,  whose 
youngest  daughter  fell  in  love,  ran  away 
with,  and — married  him.  The  angry  father 
closed  his  doors  against  them,  and  steeled 
his  heart  to  the  pathetic  appeals  addressed 
to  him  by  every  post.  Mr.  Kaggs,  unable 
to  obtain  a  character  from  his  last  place, 
found  himself  shut  out  from  his  former 
occupation.  His  wife  gave  promise  of 
making  an  increase  to  the  numbers  of  the 
family,  and  to  use  Mr.  Kaggs's  own  pantry 
vernacular,  "he  was  flyblown  and  frost- 
bitten every  joint  of  him." 

It  was  then  that  he  first  conceived  the 
idea  of  making  his  wife's  birth  and  parent- 
age a  source  of  present  income  and  pro- 
vision for  old  age.  She  was  an  excellent 
penwoman,  and  for  some  months  had  had 
great  practice  in  the  composition  of  beg- 
ging letters  to  her  father.  Mr.  Kaggs's 
appearance  being  martial  and  imposing, 
he  collected  what  information  he  could 
find  upon  the  subject,  and  passed  himself 
off  for  a  young  Englishman  of  good  family, 
who  had  been  an  officer  in  the  Sj)anisli 
army,  and  served  "under  Evans!"  Mrs. 
Kaggs's  knowledge  of  the  county  families 
stood  them  in  good  stead,  and  they  begged 
themselves  through  England,  Scotland,  and 
Wales,  and  lived  in  a  sort  of  vulgar  luxury, 
at  no  cost  but  invention,  falsehood,  and  a 
ream  or  so  of  paper. 

It  was  some  few  years  ago  that  I  first 
made  their  acquaintance.  Mrs.  Kaggs  had 
bloomed  into  a  fine  elderly  woman,  and 
Mr.  Kaggs's  nose  and  stomach  had  widened 
to  that  appearance  of  fatherly  responsibi- 
lity and  parochial  importance  that  was 
most  to  be  desired.  The  wife  had  sunk  to 
the  husband's  level,  and  had  brought  up 
her  children  to  tread  in  the  same  path. 
Their  family,  though  not  numerous,  was  a 
blessing  to  them,  for  each  child,  some  way 
or  other,  contrived  to  bring  in  money.  It 
was  their  parents'  pride  that  they  had 
given  their  offspring  a  liberal  education. 
As  soon  as  they  were  of  an  age  capable  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


407 


receiving  instruction,  they  were  placed  at 
a  respectable  boarding-school,  and,  al- 
though they  only  stayed  in  it  one  half-year, 
they  went  to  another  estabhshment  for  the 
next  half-year,  and  so  managed  to  pick  up 
a  good  miscellaneous  education,  and  at  the 
same  time  save  their  parents  the  cost  of 
board  and  lodging. 

James  Juhan  Kaggs,  the  eldest  and  only 
son,  was  in  AustraHa,  "  doing  well,"  as  his 
mamma  would  often  say — though  in  what 
particular  business  or  profession  was  a 
subject  on  which  she  preserved  a  discreet 
silence.  As  I  never  saw  the  young  man 
in  question,  I  am  unable  to  furnish  any 
information  respecting  him. 

Catherine  Kaggs,  the  eldest  daughter, 
was  an  ugly  and  vulgar  girl,  on  whom  a 
genteel  education  and  her  mother's  ex- 
ample of  elegance  and  refinement  had  been 
thrown  away.  Kitty  was  a  sort  of  Cin- 
derella in  the  family,  and  being  possessed 
of  neither  tact  nor  manner  to  levy  contri- 
butions on  the  charitable,  was  sentenced 
to  an  out-door  employment,  for  which  she 
was  well  fitted.  She  sold  flowers  in  the 
thoroughfare,  near  the  market. 

The  second  daughter,  Betsey,  was  the 
pride  of  her  father  and  mother,  and  the 
mainstay  of  the  family.  Tall,  thin,  and 
elegant,  interesting  rather  than  pretty,  her 
pale  face  and  subdued  manners,  her  long 
eyelashes,  soft  voice,  and  fine  hands,  were 
the  very  requisites  for  the  personation  of 
beggared  gentility  and  dilapidated  aristo- 
cracy. Mrs.  Kaggs  often  said,  "  That  poor 
Kitty  was  her  father's  girl,  a  Kaggs  all  over 
— but  that  Bessie  was  a  Thornclifie  (her 
own  maiden  name)  and  a  lady  every  inch  !" 

The  other  children  were  a  boy  and  girl 
of  five  and  three  years  old,  who  called  Mrs. 
Kaggs  "  Mamma,"  but  who  appeared  much 
too  young  to  belong  to  that  lady  in  any 
relation  but  that  of  grand-children.  Kitty, 
the  flower  girl,  was  passionately  fond  of 
them,  and  "  Bessie "  patronized  them  in 
her  meek,  maidenly  way,  and  called  them 
her  dear  brother  and  sister. 

In  the  height  of  the  season  Miss  Bessie 
Kaggs,  attired  in  shabby  black  silk,  dark 
shawl,  and  plain  bonnet,  would  sally  forth 
to  the  most  aristocratic  and  fashionable 
squares,  attended  by  her  father  in  a  white 
neck-cloth,  carrying  in  one  hand  a  small 
and  fragile  basket,  and  in  the  other  a  heavy 
and  respectable  umbrella.  Arrived  at  the 
mansion  of  the  intended  victim.  Miss  Bessie 
would  give  a  pretentious  knock,  and  relieve 
her  father  of  the  burthen  of  the  fragile 
basket.  As  the  door  opened,  she  would 
desire  her  parent,  who  was  supposed  to  be 
a  faithful  retainer,  to  wait,  and  Mr.  Kaggs 


would  touch  his  hat  respectfully  and  retire 
meekly  to  the  corner  of  the  square,  and 
watch  the  placards  in  the  public-house  in 
the  next  street. 

"Is  Lady  within.?"    Miss    Betsey 

would  inquire  of  the  servant. 

If  the  porter  replied  that  his  lady  was 
out,  or  that  she  could  not  receive  visitors, 
except  by  appointment.  Miss  Betsey  would 
boldly  demand  pen,  ink,  and  paper,  and  sit 
down  and  write,  in  a  delicate,  lady's  hand, 
to  the  following  efi'ect : — 

*'  Miss  Thirlbrook  presents  her  compli- 
ments to  the  Countess  of  ,  and  most 

respectfully  requests  the  honour  of  enrol- 
ling the  Countess's  name  among  the  list  of 
ladies  who  are  kindly  aiding  her  in  dispos- 
ing of  a  few  necessaries  for  the  toilette. 

"  Miss  Thirlbrook  is  reduced  to  this  ex- 
treme measure  from  the  sad  requirements 
of  her  infirm  father,  formerly  an  officer  in 
his  Majesty's  — d  Begiment,  who,  from  a 
position  of  comfort  and  affluence,  is  now 
compelled  to  seek  aid  fi-om  the  charitable, 
and  to  rely  on  the  feeble  exertions  of  his 
daughter :  a  confirmed  cripple  and  valetu- 
dinarian, he  has  no  other  resource. 

"  The  well-known  charity  of  the  Countess 

of  has   induced   Miss  Thirlbrook  to 

make  this  intrusion  on  her  time.  Miss  T. 
will  do  herself  the  honour  of  waiting  upon 
her  ladyship  on  Thursday,  when  she 
earnestly  entreats  the  favour  of  an  inter- 
view, or  an  inspection  of  the  few  articles 
she  has  to  dispose  of." 
Monday. 

This  carefully  concocted  letter — so  differ- 
ent from  the  usual  appeals — containing  no 
references  to  other  persons  as  to  character 
or  antecedents,  generally  had  its  effect, 
and  in  a  few  days  Miss  Betsey  would  find 

herself  tete-a-tSte  with  the  Countess . 

On  entering  the  room  she  would  make  a 
profound  curtsey,  and,  after  thanking  her 
ladyship  for  the  honour,  would  open  the 
fragile  basket,  which  contained  a  few 
bottles  of  scent,  some  fancy  soaps,  orna- 
mental envelopes,  and  perforated  note- 
papers. 

"Sit  down.  Miss  Thirlbrook,"  the  Coun- 
tess would  open  the  conversation.  "  I  see 
the  articles.  Your  note,  I  think,  men- 
tioned  something   of  your   being  in  less 

fortunate " 

Miss  Betsey  would  lower  her  ej'-elashes 
and  bend  her  head — not  too  deferentially, 
but  as  if  bowing  to  circumstances  for  her 
father — her  dear  father's  sake — for  this 
was  imphed  by  her  admirably  concealed 
histrionic  capability. 

The  lady  would  then  suggest  that  she 
had  a  great  many  claims  upon  her  con- 


408 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


aideration,  and  would  delicately  inquire 
into  the  pedigree  and  circumstances  of 
Lieutenant  Thirlbrook,  formerly  of  his 
Majesty's  — d  iJegiment. 

Miss  Betsey's  replies  were  neither  too 
ready  nor  too  glib.  She  sufiered  herself 
to  be  drawn  out,  but  did  not  advance  a 
statement,  and  so  established  in  her 
patroness's  mind  the  idea  that  she  had 
to  deal  with  a  very  superior  person.  The 
sum  of  the  story  of  this  interesting  scion 
of  a  fallen  house  was,  that  her  father  was 
an  old  Peninsular  officer — as  would  be 
seen  by  a  reference  to  the  Army  List  (Miss 
Betsey  had  found  the  name  in  an  old  list) ; 
that  he  had  left  the  service  duri«g  the 
peace  in  1814  ;  that  a  ruinous  lawsuit, 
arising  from  railway  speculations,  and  an 
absconding  agent,  had  reduced  them  to — 
to — to  their  present  position — and  that 
six  years  ago,  an  old  wound — received  at 
Barossa — had  broken  out,  and  laid  her 
father  helpless  on  a  sick  bed.  "I  know 
that  these  articles,"  Betsey  would  conclude, 
pointing  to  the  fancy  soaps  and  stationery, 
"are  not  such  j)erhai)3  as  your  ladyship  is 
accustomed  to  ;  but  if  you  would  kindly 
aid  me  by  purchasing  some  of  them — if 
ever  so  few — you  would  materially  assist 
us ;  and  I  hope  that — that  we  should  not 
prove — either  undeserving  or  ungrateful." 

When,  as  sometimes  happened,  ladies 
paid  a  visit  to  Lieut.  Thirlbrook,  every- 
thing was  prepared  for  their  reception  with 
a  dramatic  regard  for  propriety.  The 
garret  was  made  as  clean  and  as  uncomfort- 
able as  possible.  Mr.  Kaggs  was  put  to 
bed,  and  the  purpled  pinkness  of  his  com- 
plexion toned  down  with  violet  powder 
and  cosmetics.  A  white  handkerchief, 
with  the  Thirlbrook  crest  in  a  corner,  was 
carelessly  dropped  upon  the  coverlid.  A 
few  physic  bottles,  an  old  United  Service 
paper,  and  a  ponderous  Bible  lay  upon  a 
ricketty  round  table  beside  him.  Mrs. 
Kaggs  was  propped  up  with  pillows  in  an 
arm-chair  near  the  fireplace,  and  desired 
to  look  rheumatic  and  resigned.  Kitty 
was  sent  out  of  the  way  ;  and  the  two 
children  were  dressed  up  in  shabby  black, 
and  promised  plums  if  they  would  keep 
quiet.  Miss  Betsey  herself,  in  grey  stutif 
and  an  apron,  meek,  mild,  and  matronly 
beyond  her  years,  glided  about  softly,  like 
a  Sister  of  Mercy  connected  with  the 
family. 

My  readers  must  understand  that  Mr. 
Kaggs  was  the  sole  tenant  of  the  house  he 
lived  in,  though  he  pretended  that  he  only 
occupied  the  garrets  as  a  lodger. 

During  the  stay  of  the  fashionable  Sa- 
maritans Lieut.  Thirlbrook — who  had  re- 


ceived a  wound  in  his  leg  at  Barossa,  under 
the  Duke — would  say  but  little,  but  now 
and  then  his  mouth  would  twitch  as  with 
suppressed  pain.  The  visitors  were  gene- 
rally much  moved  at  the  distressing  scene. 
The  gallant  veteran — the  helpless  old  lady 
— the  sad  and  silent  children — and  the 
ministering  angel  of  a  daughter,  were  an 
impressive  spectacle.  The  ladies  would 
promise  to  exert  themselves  among  their 
friends,  and  do  all  in  their  power  to  relieve 
them. 

"Miss  Thirlbrook,"  they  would  ask,  as 
Miss  Betsey  attended  them  to  the  street- 
door,  "those  dear  children  are  not  your 
brother  and  sister,  are  they  ?" 

Betsey  vv'ould  suppress  a  sigh,  and  say, 
"  They  are  the  son  and  daughter  of  my 
poor  brother,  who  was  a  surgeon  in  the 
Navy — they  are  orphans.  My  brother  died 
on  the  Cold  Coast,  and  his  poor  wife  soon 
followed  him.  She  was  delicate,  and  could 
not  bear  up  against  the  shock.  The  poor 
things  have  only  us  to  look  to,  and  we  do 
for  them  what  little  lies  in  our  power." 

This  last  stroke  was  a  climax,  "She 
never  mentioned  them  before  1"  thought 
the  ladies,  "  What  delicacy  !  What  high 
feeling!  These  are  not  common  beggars, 
who  make  an  exaggerated  statement  of 
their  griefs," 

"Miss  Thirlbrook,  I  am  sure  you  will 
pardon  me  for  making  the  ofi'er ;  but  those 
dear  children  upstairs  do  not  look  strong, 
1  hope  you  will  not  be  offended  by  my 
ofFerins:  to  send  them  a  luncheon  now  and 
then 
— to  do  them  good." 

Miss  Betsey  would  curtsey,  lower  her 
eyelids,  and  say,  softly,  "Thev  a7'e  not 
strong." 

"  I'll  send  my  servant  as  soon  as  I  get 
home.  Pray  use  this  trifle  for  the  present," 
(the  lady  would  take  out  her  purse,)  "  and 
good  morning.  Miss  Thirlbrook.  I  must 
shake  hands  with  you.  I  consider  myself 
fortunate  in  having  made  your  acquaint- 
ance." 

Betsey's  eyes  would  fill  with  tears,  and 
as  she  held  the  door  open,  the  expression 
of  her  face  would  plainly  say :  "  Not  only 
for  myself,  oh  dear  and  charitable  ladies, 
but  for  my  father — my  poor  father — who 
was  wounded,  at  Barossa,  in  the  leg — do 
I  thank  you  from  the  depths  of  a  profoundly 
grateful  heart." 

When  the  basket  arrived,  Miss  Betsey 
would  sit  down  with  her  worthy  parents 
and  enjoy  whatever  poultry  or  meat  had 
not  been  touched ;  but  anything  that  had 
been  cut,  anything  "  second-hand,"  that 
dainty   and    haughty  young    lady    would 


a  few  delicacies — nourishing  things 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOIL 


409 


instruct  her  sister  Kitty  to  give  to  tlie 
poor  beggars. 

This  system  of  swindling  could  not,  of 
course,  last  many  years,  and  when  the 
west  end  of  London  became  too  hot  to 
hold  them,  the  indefatigable  Kaggses  put  an 
advertisement  into  the  Thnes  and  Morning 
Post,  addressed  to  the  charitable  and  hu- 
mane, saying  that  "a  poor,  but  respect- 
able family,  required  a  small  sum  to  enable 
them  to  make  up  the  amount  of  their 
passage  to  Australia,  and  that  they  could 
give  the  highest  references  as  to  character. 

The  old  certificates  were  hawked  about, 
and  for  more  than  two  years  they  drove  a 
roaring  trade  in  money,  outfits,  and  neces- 
saries for  a  voyage.  Mr.  Kaggs,  too,  made 
a  fortunate  hit.  He  purchased  an  old 
piano,  and  raffled  it  at  five  shillings  a  head. 
Each  of  his  own  family  took  a  chance.  At 
the  first  raffle  Miss  Betsey  won  it,  at  the 
second.  Miss  Kitty,  on  the  third,  Mr.  Kaggs, 
on  the  fourth,  his  faithful  partner,  and  on 
the  fifth  and  last  time,  a  particular  friend 
of  Miss  Kitty's,  a  young  lady  in  the  green- 
grocery line.  This  invaluable  piece  of 
furniture  was  eventually  disposed  of  by 
private  contract  to  a  dealer  in  Barret's 
Court,  Oxford  Street,  and,  a  few  days  after, 
the  Kaggs  family  really  sailed  for  Mel- 
bourne, and  I  have  never  since  heard  of 
them. 

Among  the  begging-letter  fraternity  there 
are  not  a  few  persons  who  affect  to  be 
literary  men.  They  have  at  one  time  or 
another  been  able  to  publish  a  pamphlet,  a 
poem,  or  a  song — generally  a  patriotic  one, 
and  copies  of  these  works — they  always 
call  them  "  works  " — they  constantly  carry 
about  with  them  to  be  ready  for  any  cus- 
tomer who  may  turn  up.  I  have  known  a 
notable  member  of  this  class  of  beggars  for 
some  years.  He  was  introduced  to  me  as 
a  literary  man  by  an  innocent  friend  who 
really  believed  in  his  talent.  He  greeted 
me  as  a  brother  craftsman,  and  immediately 
took  from  the  breast-pocket  of  his  thread- 
bare surtout  a  copy  of  one  of  his  works. 
"  Allow  me,"  he  said,  "  to  present  you  with 
my  latest  work ;  it  is  dedicated,  you  will 
perceive,  to  the  Right  Honourable  the  Earl 
of  Derby — here  is  a  letter  from  his  lordship 
complimenting  me  in  the  most  handsome 
terms;"  and  before  I  could  look  into  the 
book,  the  author  produced  from  a  well- 
worn  black  pocket-book  a  dirty  letter  dis- 
tinguished by  a  large  red  seal.  Sure 
enough  it  was  a  genuine  letter  beginning 
"  The  Earl  of  Derby  presents  his  compli- 
ments," and  going  on  to  acknowledge  the 
receipt   of  a  copy  of  Mr.  Driver's  work. 


Mr.  Driver — I  will  call  my  author  by  that 
name — produced  a  great  many  other  letters, 
all  from  persons  of  distinction,  and  the 
polite  terms  in  which  they  were  expressed 
astonished  me  not  a  little.  I  soon,  how- 
ever, discovered  the  key  to  all  this  con- 
descension. The  work  was  a  political  one, 
glorifying  the  Conservative  party,  and 
abounding  with  all  sorts  of  old-fashioned 
Tory  sentiments.  The  letters  Mr.  Driver 
showed  me  Avere  of  course  all  from  tories. 
The  "  work "  was  quite  a  curiosity.  It 
was  called  a  political  novel.  It  had  for 
its  motto,  "Pro  Eege,Lege,  Aris  et  Focis," 
and  the  dedication  to  the  l\ight  Honourable 
the  Earl  of  Derby  was  displayed  over  a 
whole  page  in  epitaph  fashion.  At  the 
close  of  our  interview  Mr.  Driver  pointed 
out  to  me  that  the  price  of  the  work  was 
two  shillings.  Understanding  the  hint,  I 
gave  him  that  amount,  when  he  called  for 
pen  and  ink,  and  wrote  on  the  fly  leaf  of 
the  work,  "  To ,  Esq.,  with  the  sin- 
cere regards  of  the  author. — J.  Fitzharding 
Driver."  On  looking  over  the  book — it  was 
a  mere  paper-covered  pamphlet  of  some 
hundred  pages — I  found  that  the  story  was 
not  completed.  I  mentioned  this  to  Mr. 
Driver  the  next  time  I  met  him,  and  he 
explained  that  he  meant  to  go  to  press — 
that  was  a  favourite  expression  of  his — to 
go  to  press  with  the  second  volume  shortly. 
Ten  years,  however,  have  elapsed  since 
then,  and  Mr.  Driver  has  not  yet  gone  tc 
press  with  his  second  volume.  The  last 
time  I  met  him  he  offered  me  the  original 
volume  as  his  "  last  new  work,"  which  he 
presumed  I  had  never  seen.  He  also  in- 
formed me  that  he  was  about  to  publish  a 
patriotic  song  in  honour  of  the  Queen. 
Would  I  subscribe  for  a  copy — only  three- 
and-sixpence — and  he  would  leave  it  for 
me  ?  Mr.  Driver  had  forgotten  that  I  had 
subscribed  for  this  very  song  eight  years 
previously.  He  showed  me  the  selfsame 
MS.  of  the  new  national  anthem,  which  I 
had  perused  so  long  ago.  The  paper  had 
become  as  soft  and  limp  and  dingy  as  a 
Scotch  one-pound  note,  but  it  had  been 
worth  a  good  many  one-pound  notes  to 
Mr.  Fitzharding  Driver.  Mr.  Driver  has 
lived  upon  this  as  yet  unpublished  song, 
and  that  unfinished  political  novel,  for  ten 
years  and  more.  I  have  seen  him  often 
enough  to  know  exactly  his  modus  operandi. 
Though  practically  a  beggar  Mr.  Driver  is 
no  great  rogue.  Were  you  to  dress  him 
well,  he  might  pass  for  a  nobleman.  As  it 
is,  in  his  shabby  genteel  clothes  he  looks  a 
broken-down  swell.  And  so  in  fact  he  is. 
In  his  young  days  he  had  plenty  of  money, 
and  went  the  pace  among  the  young  bloods 


410 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB. 


of  Bond  Street.  Mr.  Driver's  young  daj's 
were  the  days  of  the  Kegent.  He  drove  a 
dashing  phaeton-and-four  then,  and  lounged 
and  gambled,  and  lived  the  life  of  a  man 
about  town  He  tells  you  all  that  with 
great  pride,  and  also  how  he  came  to  grief, 
though  this  part  of  the  story  is  not  so 
clear.  There  is  no  doubt  that  he  had  con- 
siderable acquaintance  among  great  people 
in  his  prosperous  days.  He  lives  now 
upon  his  works,  and  the  public-house 
parlours  of  the  purlieus  of  the  west-end 
serve  him  as  publishing  houses.  He  is  a 
great  pohtical  disputant,  and  his  company 
is  not  unwelcome  in  those  quarters.  He 
enters,  takes  his  seat,  drinks  his  glass, 
joins  in  the  conversation,  and,  as  he  says 
himself,  shows  that  he  is  a  man  of  parts. 
In  this  way  he  makes  friends  among  the 
tradesmen  who  visit  these  resorts.  They 
soon  find  out  that  he  is  poor,  and  an  author, 
and  moved  both  to  pity  and  admiration, 
each  member  of  the  company  purchases  a 
copy  of  that  uu  finished  political  novel,  or 
subscribes  for  that  new  patriotic  song, 
which  I  expect  will  yet  be  in  the  womb  of 
the  press  when  the  crack  of  doom  comes. 
I  think  Mr.  Driver  has  pretty  well  used  up 
all  the  quiet  parlours  of  W.  district  by  this 
time.  Not  long  ago  I  had  a  letter  from 
him  enclosing  a  prospectus  of  a  new  work 
to  be  entitled  "  Whiggery,  or  the  Decline 
of  England,"  and  soliciting  a  subscription 
to  enable  him  to  go  to  press  with  the  first 
edition.  I  have  no  doubt  that  every  con- 
servative member  of  both  houses  of  Par- 
liament has  had  a  copy  of  that  prospectus. 
Mr.  Fitzharding  Driver  will  call  at  their 
houses  for  an  answer,  and  some  entirely 
out  of  easy  charity,  and  others  from  a  party 
feeling  of  delight  at  the  prospect  of  the 
Whigs  being  abused  in  a  book  even  by 
this  poor  beggar,  will  send  him  down  half- 
crowns,  and  enable  the  poor  wretch  to  eat 
and  drink  for  a  few  months  longer.  On 
more  than  one  occasion  while  I  have  known 
him,  Mr.  Driver  has  been  on  the  point  of 
"  being  well  off  again,"  to  use  his  own  ex- 
pression. His  behaviour  under  the  pros- 
pect was  characteristic  of  the  man,  his 
antecedents,  and  his  mode  of  life.  He 
touched  up  his  seedy  clothes,  had  some 
cotton-velvet  facings  put  to  his  thread- 
bare surtout,  revived  his  hat,  mounted  a 
pair  of  shabby  patent-leather  boots,  pro- 
vided himself  with  a  penny  cane,  adorned 
with  an  old  silk  tassel,  and  appeared  each 
day  with  a  flower  in  his  button-hole.  In 
addition  to  these  he  had  sewn  into  the 
breast  of  his  surtout  a  bit  of  parti-coloured 
ribbon  to  look  like  a  decoration.  In  this 
guise  he  came  up   to   me  at  the   Crystal 


Palace  one  day,  and  appeared  to  be  in  great 
glee.  His  ogling  and  mysterious  manner 
puzzled  me.  Judge  of  my  astonishment 
when  this  hoary,  old,  tottering,  toothless 
beggar  informed  me,  with  many  self-satisfied 
chuckles,  that  a  rich  widow,  "  a  fine  dash- 
ing woman,  sir,"  had  fallen  in  love  with 
him,  and  was  going  to  marry  him.  The 
marriage  did  not  come  oif,  the  pile  is  worn 
away  from  the  velvet  facings,  the  patent- 
leather  boots  have  become  mere  shapeless 
flaps  of  leather,  the  old  broad-brimmed 
hat  is  past  the  power  of  reviver,  and  the 
Bond  Street  buck  of  the  days  of  the  Regent 
now  wanders  from  public-house  to  public- 
house  selling  lucifer-matches.  He  still 
however  carries  with  him  a  copy  of  his 
"  work,"  the  limp  and  worn  MS.  of  his 
anthem,  and  the  prospectus  of  "  Whiggery, 
or  the  Decline  of  England."  These  and 
the  letters  from  distinguished  personages 
stand  him  in  better  stead  than  the  lucifer- 
matches,  when  he  lights  upon  persons  of 
congenial  sympathies. 

Advertising  Begging-letter  Writers. 

Among  many  begging-letter  writers  who 
appealed  to  sentiment,  the  most  notorious 
and  successful  was  a  man  of  the  name  of 
Thomas  Stone,  ahas  Stanley,  alias  Newton. 
Pie  had  been  in  early  life  transported  for 
forgery,  and  afterwards  was  tried  for  per- 
jury ;  and  when  his  ordinary  methods  of 
raising  money  had  been  detected  and  ex- 
posed, he  resorted  to  the  ingenious  expe- 
dient of  sending  an  advertisement  to  the 
Times,  of  which  the  following  is  a  copy  : — 

''  To  the  Charitable  and  Affluent. 

"  x\t  the  eleventh  hour  a  young  and  most 
unfortunate  lady  is  driven  by  great  distress 
to  solicit  from  those  charitable  and  humane 
persons  who  ever  derive  pleasure  from  be- 
nevolent acts,  some  little  pecuniary  assist- 
ance. The  advertiser's  condition  is  almost 
hopeless,  being,  alas !  friendless,  and  re- 
duced to  the  last  extremity.  The  smallest 
aid  would  be  most  thankfully  acknowledged, 
and  the  fullest  explanation  given.  Direct 
Miss  T.  C.  M.,  Post-office,  Great  Randolph 
St.,  Camden  New  Town." 

This  touching  appeal  was  read  by  a  phi- 
lanthropic gentleman,  who  sent  the  ad- 
vertiser 51.,  and  afterwards  1/.  more,  to 
which  he  received  a  reply  in  the  following 
words : — 

*'  Sir, — I  again  offer  my  gratitude  for  your 
charitable  kindness.  I  am  quite  unable  to 
speak  the  promptings  of  my  heart  for  your 
great  goodness  to  me,  an  entire  stranger,  but 
you  may  believe  me,  sir,  I  am  very  sin- 
cerelv  thankful.     You  will,  I  am  sure,  be 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


411 


happy  to  hear  I  have  paid  the  few  trifling 
demands  upon  me,  and  also  obtained  suf- 
ficient of  my  wearing  apparel  to  make  a 
decent  appearance;  but  it  has  swallowed 
up  the  whole  of  your  generous  bounty,  or  I 
should  this  day  have  moved  to  the  Hamp- 
stead  Road,  where  a  far  more  comfortable 
lodging  has  been  ofifered  me,  and  where, 
sir,"  if  you  would  condescend  to  call  I 
would  cheerfully  and  with  pleasure  relate 
my  circumstances  in  connexion  with  my 
past  history,  and  I  do  hope  you  might 
consider  me  worthy  of  your  further  notice. 
But  it  is  my  earnest  desire  to  support  my- 
self and  my  dearest  child  by  my  own  in- 
dustry. As  I  mentioned  before,  I  have 
youth  and  health,  and  have  received  a 
good  education,  but  alas !  I  fear  I  shall 
have  a  great  difficulty  in  obtaining  em- 
ployment such  as  I  desire,  for  I  have  fallen ! 
I  am  a  mother,  and  my  dear  i)oor  boy  is  the 
child  of  sin.  But  1  was  deceived — cruelly 
deceived  by  a  base  and  heartless  villain. 
A  licence  was  purchased  for  our  marriage ; 
I  believed  all ;  my  heart  knew  no  guile  ; 
the  deceptions  of  the  world  I  had  scarcely 
ever  heard  of ;  but  too  soon  I  found  my- 
self destroyed  and  lost,  the  best  affections 
of  my  heart  trampled  upon,  and  myself 
infamous  and  disgraced.  But  I  did  not 
continue  to  live  in  sin.  Oh  no !  I  des- 
pised and  loathed  the  villain  who  so 
deceived  me.  Neither  have  I  received, 
nor  would  I,  one  shilling  from  him.  I 
think  I  stated  in  my  first  letter  I  am  the 
daughter  of  a  deceased  merchant ;  such  is 
the  case ;  and  had  I  some  friends  to  in- 
terest themselves  for  me,  I  do  think  it 
would  be  found  I  am  entitled  to  some  pro- 
perty ;  however,  it  would  be  first  necessary 
to  explain  personally  every  circumstance, 
and  to  you,  sir,  I  would  unreservedly  ex- 
plain all.  And  oh !  I  do  earnestly  hope 
you  would,  after  hearing  my  sad  tale,  think 
there  was  some  little  palliation  of  my  guilt. 
"  In  answer  to  the  advertisement  1  had 
inserted,  I  received  many  offers  of  assist- 
ance, but  they  contained  overtures  of  such 
a  nature  that  I  could  not  allow  myself  to 
reply  to  any  of  them.  You,  sir,  have  been 
my  best  friend,  and  may  God  bless  you  for 
your  sympathy  and  kindness.  I  am  very 
desirous  to  remove,  but  cannot  do  so  with- 
out a  little  money  in  my  pocket.  Your 
charity  has  enabled  me  to  provide  all  1 
required,  and  paid  that  which  I  owed, 
which  has  been  a  great  relief  to  my  mind. 
I  hope  and  trust  that  you  will  not  think 
me  covetous  or  encroaching  upon  your 
goodness,  in  asking  you  to  assist  me  with 
a  small  sum  further,  for  the  purpose  named. 
Should  you,  however,  decline  to  do  so,  be- 


lieve me,  I  should  be  equally  grateful ;  and 
it  is  most  painful  and  repugnant  to  my  feel- 
ings to  ask,  but  I  know  not  to  whom  else  to 
apply.  Entreating  your  early  reply,  how- 
ever it  may  result,  and  with  every  good 
wish,  and  the  sincerest  and  warmest  acknow- 
ledgments of  my  heart,  believe,  sir,  always 
your  most  thankful  and  humble  servant, 
"  Frances  Thorpe. 
"  Please  direct  T.  C.  M.,  Post-office,  Crown 
Street,  Gray's  Inn  Eoad." 

With  the  same  sort  of  tale,  varyinc:  the 
signature  to  Fanny  Lyons,  Mary  Whit- 
more,  and  Fanny  Hamilton,  &c.,  Mr.  Stone 
continued  to  victimize  the  public,  until  the 
Society  for  the  Suppression  of  Mendicity 
laid  him  by  the  heels.  He  was  committed 
for  trial  at  Clerkenwell  Sessions,  and  sen- 
tenced to  transportation  for  seven  years, 

I  must  content  myself  with  these  few 
specimens  of  the  begging-letter  impostors  ; 
it  would  be  impossible  to  describe  every 
variety.  Sometimes  they  are  printers, 
whose  premises  have  been  destroyed  by 
fire  ;  at  others,  young  women  who  have 
been  ruined  by  noblemen  and  are  anxious 
to  retrieve  themselves  ;  or  widows  of  naval 
officers  who  have  perished  in  action  or  by 
sickness.  There  was  a  long  run  upon  '•'  aged 
clergymen,  whose  sands  of  life  were  ^ist 
running  out,"  but  the  fraud  became  so 
common  that  it  was  soon  "  blown." 

The  greatest  blow  that  was  ever  struck 
at  this  species  of  imposition  was  the  esta- 
bhshment  of  the  Begging-Letter  Depart- 
ment by  the  Society  for  the  Suppression  of 
Mendicity.  In  the  very  first  case  they  in- 
vestigated they  found  the  writer — who  had 
penned  a  most  touching  letter  to  a  well- 
known  nobleman — crouching  in  a  fireless 
garret  in  one  of  the  worst  and  lowest 
neighbourhoods  of  London.  This  man 
was  discovered  to  be  the  owner  and  occu- 
pier of  a  handsomely-furnished  house  in 
another  part  of  the  town,  where  his  wife 
and  family  lived  in  luxury.  The  following 
is  a  specimen  of  a  most  artful  begging 
letter  from  America. 

EllicoVs  Mills,  Howard  Co.,  Maryland, 
United  States, 

June  6,  1859. 
"  My  dearest  Friend, 

"  Why — why  have  you  not  written, 
and  sent  me  the  usual  remittances  ?  Your 
silence  has  caused  me  the  greatest  uneasi- 
ness. Poor  dear  Frederick  is  dying  and  we 
are  in  the  extremest  want.  The  period  to 
hear  from  you  has  past  some  time,  and  no 
letter.  It  is  very  strange !  What  can  it 
mean? 


412 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  In  a  short  time  your  poor  suffering  son 
will  be  at  rest.  I  shall  then  trouble  you 
no  more  ;  but — oh  !  I  beseech  you,  do  not 
permit  your  poor  son  to  die  in  want.  I 
have  expended  my  last  shilling  to  procure 
him  those  little  necessaries  he  must  and 
shall  have.  Little  did  1  think  when,  long, 
long  years  ago,  1  deserted  all,  that  you  might 
be  free  and  happy,  that  you  would  fail  me 
in  this  terrible  hour  of  affliction — but  you 
have  not — I  know  you  have  not.  You 
must  have  sent,  and  the  letter  miscarried. 
Your  poor  dying  son  sends  his  fondest 
love.  Poor  dear  fellow ! — he  has  never 
known  a  father's  care  ;  still,  from  a  child, 
he  has  prayed  for,  revered,  and  loved  you 
— he  is  now  going  to  his  Father  in  heaven, 
and,  when  he  is  gone  my  widowed  heart 
will  break.  When  I  look  back  upon  the 
long  past,  although  broken-hearted  and 
crushed  to  the  earth,  yet  I  cannot  tutor 
my  heart  to  regret  it,  for  I  dearly  loved  you. 
Yes,  and  proved  it,  dearest  friend,  by  for- 
saking and  fleeing  with  my  poor  fatherless 
boy  to  this  strange  and  distant  land,  that 
you  might  be  free  and  happy  with  those  so 
worthy  of  you  ;  and,  believe  me  when  I  say, 
that  your  happiness  has  been  my  constant 
prayer.  In  consequence  of  poor  dear 
Frederick's  sickness  we  are  in  the  greatest 
distress  and  want.  1  have  been  compelled 
to  forego  all  exertion,  and  attend  solely 
upon  him  ;  therefore,  do,  I  pray  you,  send 
me,  without  an  instant's  delay,  a  lOZ.  note. 
I  must  have  it,  or  I  shall  go  mad.  Your 
poor  suffering  boy  must  not  die  in  misery 
and  want.  Send  the  money  by  return 
mail,  and  send  a  Bank  of  England  note,  for 
I  am  now  miles  away  from  where  I  could 
get  a  draught  cashed.  1  came  here  for  the 
benefit  of  poor  dear  Frederick,  but  I  fear  it 
has  done  him  no  good.  We  are  now  among 
strangers,  and  in  the  most  abject  distress, 
and  unless  you  send  soon,  your  afflicted  un- 
offending boy  will  starve  to  death.  I  can 
no  longer  bear  up  against  poverty,  sickness, 
and  your  unkindness  ;  but  you  must  have 
sent ;  your  good,  kind  heart  would  not 
permit  you  to  let  us  die  in  want.  God 
bless  you,  and  keep  you  and  yours.  May 
you  be  supremely  happy !  Bless  you !  In 
mercy  send  soon,  for  we  are  in  extremest 
want. 

"  llemaining  faithfully, 

"Your  dearest  friend, 
"  Kate  Stanley. 

"  Pay  the  postage  of  your  letter  to  me,  or 
I  shall  not  be  able  to  obtain  it,  for  I  am 
selling  everything  to  live." 

The  above  affecting  letter  was  received 
by  the  widow  of  a   London  merchant  six 


months  after  his  death.  The  affair  was 
investigated  and  proved  to  be  an  im- 
posture.    The  moral  character  of  Mr. ■ 

had  been  irreproachable.  American  beg- 
ging-letter writers  read  the  obituaries 
in  English  newspapers  and  ply  their  trade, 
while  the  loss  of  the  bereaved  relatives  of 
the  man  whose  memory  they  malign  is 
recent. 


Ashamed  Beggars. 

By  the  above  title  I  mean  those  tall,  lant- 
horn-jawed  men,  in  seedy  well-brushed 
clothes,  who,  with  a  ticket  on  their  breasts, 
on  which  a  short  but  piteous  tale  is  written 
in  the  most  respectable  of  large-hand,  and 
with  a  few  boxes  of  lucifer-matches  in  their 
hands,  make  no  appeal  by  word  of  mouth, 
but  invoke  the  charity  of  passers-by  by 
meek  glances  and  imploring  looks — fellows 
who,  having  no  talent  for  "  patter,"  are 
gifted  with  great  powers  of  facial  pathos, 
and  make  expression  of  feature  stand  in 
lieu  of  vocal  supplication.  For  some  years 
I  have  watched  a  specimen  of  this  class, 
who  has  a  regular  "  beat "  at  the  west  end 
of  London.  He  is  a  tall  man,  with  thin 
legs  and  arms,  and  a  slightly-protuberant 
stomach.  His  "  costume  "  (I  use  the  word 
advisedly,  for  he  is  really  a  great  actor  of 
pantomime,)  consists  of  an  old  black  dress- 
coat,  carefully  buttoned,  but  left  sufficiently 
open  at  the  top  to  show  a  spotlessly  white 
shirt,  and  at  the  bottom,  to  exhibit  an  old 
grey  waistcoat ;  and  a  snowy  apron,  which 
he  wears  after  the  fashion  of  a  Freemason, 
forgetting  that  real  tradesmen  are  never 
seen  in  their  aprons  except  behind  the 
counter.  A  pair  of  tight,  dark,  shabby 
trousers,  black  gaiters  without  an  absent 
button,  and  heavy  shoes  of  the  severest 
thickness,  cover  his  nether  man.  Bound 
his  neck  is  a  red  worsted  comforter,  which 
neatly  tied  at  the  throat,  descends  straight 
and  formally  beneath  his  coat,  and  exhibits 
two  fringed  ends,  which  fall,  in  agreeable 
contrast  of  colour,  over  the  before-men- 
tioned apron.  I  never  remember  seeing  a 
beggar  of  this  class  without  an  apron  and 
a  worsted  comforter — they  would  appear 
to  be  his  stock-in-trade,  a  necessary  por- 
tion of  his  outfit ;  the  white  apron  to  re- 
lieve the  sombre  hue  of  his  habiliments, 
and  show  up  their  well-brushed  shabbiness  ; 
the  scarlet  comforter  to  contrast  with  the 
cadaverous  complexion  which  he  owes  to 
art  or  nature.  In  winter  the  comforter 
also  serves  as  an  advertisement  that  his 
great-coat  is  gone. 

The  man  1  am  describing  wears  a  "  pad  " 
round  his  neck,  on  which  is  written — 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


41:3 


Kind  Friends  and  Christian  Brethren  1 

I  was  once  a 

Respectable  Tradesman, 

doing  a  Good  Business  ; 

till  Misfortune  reduced  me  to 

this  Pass  ! 

Be  kind  enough  to  Buy 

some  of  the  Articles  I  oft'er, 

and  you  will  confer  a 

Heal  Charity ! 

In  his  hands,  on  which  he  wears  scnipu- 
lously-darned  mittens,  he  carries  a  box  or 
two  of  matches,  or  a  few  quires  of  note- 
paper  or  envelopes,  and  half-a-dozen  small 
sticks  of  seahng-wax.  He  is  also  furnished 
with  a  shabby-genteel  looking  boy  of  about 
nine  years  old,  who  wears  a  Shakesperian 
collar,  and  the  regulation  worsted  comforter, 
the  ends  of  which  nearly  trail  upon  the 
ground.  The  poor  child,  whose  features 
do  not  in  the  least  resemble  the  man's,  and 
who,  too  young  to  be  his  son,  is  too  old  to 
be  his  grandson,  keeps  his  little  hands  in 
his  large  pockets,  and  tries  to  look  as  un- 
happy and  half-starved  as  he  can. 

But  the  face  of  the  beggar  is  a  marvel- 
lous exhibition  !  His  acting  is  admirable  ! 
Christian  resignation  and  its  consequent 
fortitude  are  written  on  his  brow.  His 
eyes  roll  imploringly,  but  no  sound  escapes 
him.  The  expression  of  his  features  almost 
pronounces,  "  Christian  friend,  purchase  my 
humble  wares,  for  /  scorn  to  beg.  I  am 
starving,  but  tortures  shall  not  wring  the 
humiliating  secret  from  my  lips."  He  exer- 
cises a  singular  fascination  over  old  ladies, 
who  slide  coppers  into  his  hand  quickly, 
as  if  afraid  that  they  shall  hurt  his  feelings. 
He  pockets  the  money,  heaves  a  sigh,  and 
darts  an  abashed  and  grateful  look  at  them 
that  makes  them  feel  how  keenly  he  appre- 
ciates their  delicacy.  When  the  snow  is 
on  the  ground  he  now  and  then  introduces 
a  little  shiver,  and  with  a  well-worn  pocket- 
handkerchief  stifles  a  cough  that  he  inti- 
mates by,  a  desj)airing  dropping  of  his  eye- 
lids, is  slowly  killing  him. 

The  Swell  Beggar. 

A  singular  variety  of  this  sort  of  mendi- 
cant used  to  be  seen  some  years  ago  in  the 
streets  of  Cambridge.  He  had  been  a  gen- 
tleman of  property,  and  had  studied  at  one 
of  the  colleges.  Race- courses,  biUiard- 
tables,  and  general  gambling  liad  reduced 
hira  to  beggary  ;  but  he  was  too  proud  to 
ask  alms.  As  the  "  Ashamed  Beggar  "  for- 
tifies himself  with  a  "  pad,"  this  swell- 
beggar  armed  himself  with  a  broom.  He 
swept  a  crossing.  His  clothes — he  always 
wore  evening-dress — were  miserably  ragged 
and  shabby  ;  his  hat  was  a  broken  Gibus, 


but  he  managed  to  have  good  and  fashion- 
able boots  ;  and  his  shirt  collar,  and  wrist- 
bands were  changed  every  day.  A  white 
cambric  handkerchief  peeped  from  his  coat- 
tail  pocket,  and  a  gold  eye-glass  dangled 
from  his  neck.  His  hands  were  lady-like  ; 
his  nails  well-kept  ;  and  it  was  impossible 
to  look  at  him  without  a  mingled  feeling  of 
pity  and  amusement. 

His  plan  of  operations  was   to   station 
himself  at    his    crossing  at  the  time   the 
ladies   of  Cambridge  were   out   shopping. 
His  antics  were  curiously  funn3^    Dangling 
his    broom    between   his   fore-finger    and 
thumb,  as  if  it  were  a  light  umbrella  or 
riding-whip,  he  would  arrive  at  his  stand, 
and  look  up  at  the  sky  to  see  what  sort  of 
weather   might  be  expected.     Then  tuck- 
ing the  broom  beneath  his  arm  he  would 
take   off    his   gloves,   fold    them    together 
and  put  them  into  his  coat-pockets,  sweep 
his  crossing   carefully,  and  when  he  had 
finished,  look  at  it  with  admiration.     When 
ladies  crossed,  he  would  remove  his  broken 
hat,  and  smile  with  great  benignity,    dis- 
playing   at   the  same    time   a   fine  set   of 
teeth.       On    wet    days    his   attentions   to 
the  fair  sex  knew  no  bounds.     He  would 
run  before  them  and  wipe  away  every  little 
puddle  in  their  path.     On  receiving  a  gra- 
tuity,  which  was   generally   in   silver,    he 
would  remove  his  hat  and  bow  gracefully 
and    gratefully.     When  gentlemen  walked 
over  his  crossing  he  would  stop  them,  and, 
holding   his   hat   in   the    true    mendicant 
fashion,    request   the    loan   of    a   shilling. 
With  many  he  was   a   regular  pensioner. 
When  a  mechanic   or  poor-looking  person 
offered  him  a  copper,  he  would  take  it,  and 
smile  his  thanks  with  a  patronising  air,  but 
he  never  took  off  his  hat  to  less  than  six- 
pence.    He  was  a  jovial  and  boastful  beg- 
gar, and  had  a  habit  of  jerking  at  his  stand- 
up  collar,  and  pulling  at  his  imperial  cox- 
combically.     When  he  considered  his  day's 
work  over,  he  would  put  on  his  gloves,  and, 
dangling  his  broom  in  his  careless  elegant 
way,  trip  home  to  his  lodging.     He  never 
used  a  broom  but  one  day,  and  gave  the  old 
ones  to  his  landlady.     The  undergraduates 
were  kind  to  him,  and  encouraged  his  fol- 
lies ;  but  the  college  dons  looked  coldly  on 
him,  and  when  they  passed  him  he  would 
assume  an  expression  of  impertinent  in- 
difference as  if  he  cut  them.     1  never  heard 
what  became  of  hira.      When  I  last  saw 
him  he  looked  between  forty  and  fifty  years 
of  age. 

Clean  Family  Beggars. 

Clean  Family  Beggars  are  those  who  beg 
or  sing  in  the  streets,  in  numbers  varyinj^ 


414 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


from  four  to  seven.  I  need  only  particu- 
larize one  "gang"  or  "party,"  as  their 
appearance  and  method  of  begging  will  do 
as  a  sample  of  all  others. 

Beggars  of  this  class  group  themselves 
artistically.  A  broken-down  looking  man, 
in  the  last  stage  of  seediness,  walks  hand- 
in-hand  with  a  pale-faced,  interesting  little 
girl.  His  wife  trudges  on  his  other  side,  a 
baby  in  one  arm  ;  a  child  just  able  to  walk 
steadies  itself  by  the  hand  that  is  disen- 
gaged ;  two  or  three  other  children  cling 
about  the  skirts  of  her  gown,  one  occasion- 
ally detaching  himself  or  herself — as  a  kind 
of  rear  or  advanced  guard  from  the  main 
body — to  cub  off  stragglers  and  pounce 
upon  falling  halfpence,  or  look  piteously 
into  the  face  of  a  passer-by.  The  clothes  of 
the  whole  troop  are  in  that  state  when 
seediness  is  dropping  into  rags ;  but  their 
hands  and  faces  are  perfectly  clean — their 
skins  literally  shine — perhaps  from  the 
effect  of  a  plentiful  use  of  soap,  which  they 
do  not  wash  off  before  drying  themselves  with 
a  towel.  The  complexions  of  the  smaller 
children,  in  particular,  glitter  like  sand- 
paper, and  their  eyes  are  half-closed,  and 
their  noses  corrugated,  as  with  constant  and 
compulsory  ablution.  The  baby  is  a  won- 
derful specimen  of  washing  and  getting-up 
of  ornamental  linen.  Altogether,  the  Clean 
Family  Beggars  form  a  most  attractive 
picture  for  quiet  and  respectable  streets, 
and  "  pose  "  themselves  for  the  admiration 
of  the  thrifty  matrons,  who  are  their  best 
supporters. 

Sometimes  the  children  of  the  Clean 
Family  Beggars  sing — sometimes  the  father 
"patters."  This  morning  a  group  passed 
my  window,  who  both  sang  and  "pattered." 
The  mother  was  absent,  and  the  two  eldest 
girls  knitted  and  crochetted  as  they  walked 
along.  The  burthen  of  the  song  which  the 
children  shrieked  out  in  thin  treble,  was, 

*'  And  the  wild  flowers  are  springing  on  the  plain." 

The  rest  of  the  words  were  undistinguish- 
able.  When  the  little  ones  had  finished, 
the  man,  who  evidently  prided  himself 
upon  his  powers  of  eloquence,  began,  in  a 
loud,  authoritative,  oratorical  tone  : — 

"  My  dear  friends, — It  is  with  great  pain, 
and  affliction,  and  trouble,  that  I  present 
myself  and  my  poo — oor  family  before 
you,  in  this  wretched  situation,  at  the  pre- 
sent moment ;  but  what  can  I  do  ?  Work 
I  cannot  obtain,  and  my  little  family  ask  me 
for  bread  !  Yes,  my  dear  friends — my  little 
family  ask  me  for  bread !  Oh,  my  dear 
friends,  conceive  what  your  feelin's  would 
be,  if,  like  me,  at  the  present  moment  your 
poo — oor  dear  children  asked  for   bread, 


and  you  had  it  not  to  give  them !  What 
then  could  you  do?  God  send,  my  dear 
friends,  that  no  individual,  no  father  of  a 
family,  nor  mother,  nor  other  individual, 
tvith  children,  will  ever,  or  ever  may  be 
drove  to  do  what — or,  I  should  say,  that 
which  I  am  now  a-doing  of,  at  the  present 
moment.  If  any  one  in  this  street,  or  in 
the  next,  or  in  any  of  the  streets  in  this 
affluent  neighbourhood,  had  found  their- 
selves  in  the  situation,  in  which  I  was 
placed  this  morning,  it  would  be  hard  to 
say  what  they  could,  or  would  have  done  ; 
and  I  assure  you,  my  dear  friends, — yes,  I 
assure  you,  from  my  heart,  that  it  is  very 
possible  that  many  might  have  been  drove 
to  have  done,  or  do  worse,  than  what  I  am 
a  doing  of,  for  the  sake  of  my  poo — oor 
family,  at  the  present  moment,  if  they 
had  been  drove,  by  suffering,  as  I  and  my 
poo — oor  wife  have  been  the  morning  of 
this  very  day.  My  wife,  my  kind  friends, 
is  now  unfortunately  ill  through  unmerited 
starvation,  and  is  ill  a-bed,  from  which,  at 
the  present  moment,  she  cannot  rise. 
Want  we  have  known  together,  my  dear 
friends,  and  so  has  our  poo — oor  family, 
and  bab}'',  only  eight  months  old.  God 
send,  my  dear  friends,  that  none  of  you, 
and  none  of  your  dear  babes,  and  families, 
that  no  individual,  which  now  is  listening 
to  my  deep  distress,  at  the  present  mo- 
ment, may  ever  know  the  sufiferin's  to 
which  we  have  been  reduced,  is  my  fervent 
prayer !  All  I  want  to  obtain  is  a  meal's 
victuals  for  my  poo — oor  family  !" 

(Here  the  man  caught  my  eye,  and  imme- 
diately shifted  his  ground.) 

"  You  will  ask  me,  my  dear  friends,"  he 
continued,  in  an  argumentative  manner, 
"you  will  ask  me  how  and  why  it  is,  and 
what  is  the  reason,  which  I  cannot  obtain 
work  ?  Alas !  my  dear  friends,  it  is  unfor- 
tunately so  at  the  present  moment.  I  am 
a  silk-weaver  in  Bethnal  Green,  by  trade, 
and  the  noo  International  Treaty  with 
France,  which  Mr.  Cobden — "  (here  he 
kept  his  eye  on  me,  as  if  the  political 
reason  were  intended  for  my  especial 
behoof) — "which  Mr.  Cohden,  my  dear 
friends,  was  depooted  to  go  to  the  French 
emperor,  Louis  Napoleon,  to  agree  upon, 
betwixt  this  country  and  Frajace,  which 
the  French  manufacturers  sends  goods 
into  this  country,  without  paying  no  dooty, 
and  undersells  the  native  manufacturers, 
though,  my  dear  friends,  our  workman- 
ship is  as  good,  and  English  silk  as  genu- 
ine as  French,  I  do  assure  you.  Least- 
ways, there  is  no  difference,  except  in 
pattern,  and,  through  the  neglect  of  them 
as  ought  to  look  after  it  better,  that  is,  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


41i 


see  we  had  the  best  designs  ;  for  design  is 
the  only  thing — I  mean  design  and  pattern 
— in  which  they  can  outdo  us  ;  and  also, 
my  dear  friends,  ladies  as  go  to  shops  will 
ask  for  foreign  goods — it  is  more  to  their 
taste  than  English,  at  the  present  moment ; 
and  so  it  is,  that  many  poo — oor  families 
at  Bethnal  Green  and  Spitalfields— and 
Coventry  likewise,  is  redooced  to  the 
situation  which  I  myself — that  is,  to  ask 
your  charity — am  a  doing  of — at  the 
present  moment." 

I  gave  a  little  girl  a  penny,  and  the  man, 
still  fixing  me  with  his  eye,  continued — 

"  You  will  ask  me,  my  dear  friends, 
praps,  how  it  is  that  I  do  not  apply  to  the 
parish?  why  not  to  get  relief  for  myself, 
my  de — ar  wife,  and  little  family?  My 
kind  friends,  you  do  not  know  the  state  in 
which  things  is  with  the  poor  weavers  of 
Bethnal  Green,  and,  at  the  present  moment, 
Spitalfields  likewise.  It  comes  of  the  want 
of  knowledge  of  the  real  state  of  this  rich 
and  'appy  country,  its  material  prosperity 
and  resources,  which  you.  at  this  end  of 
the  town,  can  form  no  idea  of.  There  is 
now  sixteen  or  seventeen  thousand  people 
out  of  work.  Yes,  my  dear  friends,  in 
about  two  parishes,  there  is  sixteen  or 
seventeen  thousand  individuals — I  mean, 
of  course,  counting  their  poo — oor  families 
and  all,  which  at  the  present  moment, 
cannot  obtain  bread.  Oh,  my  dear  friends, 
how  grateful  ought  you  be  to  God  that 
you  and  your  dear  families,  are  not  out  of 
work,  and  can  obtain  a  meal's  victuals,  and 
are  not  like  the  sufferin'  weavers  of  Bethnal 
Green — and  Spitalfields,  and  Coventry 
likewise,  through  the  loss  of  trade  ;  for, 
my  dear  friends,  if  you  were  like  me,  forced 
to  what  I  am  doing  now  at  the  present 
moment,  &c.,  &c.,  &c." 

NAVAL  AND  MILITARY  BEGGARS 

are  most  frequently  met  with  in  towns 
situated  at  some  distance  from  a  seaport  or 
a  garrison.  As  they  are  distinct  speci- 
mens of  the  same  tribe,  they  must  be  sepa- 
rately classified.  The  more  familiar  nui- 
sance is  the 

Turnpike  Sailor. 

This  sort  of  vagabond  has  two  lays,  the 
"merchant"  lay,  and  the  "R'yal  Navy" 
lay.  He  adopts  either  one  or  the  other 
according  to  the  exigencies  of  his  wardrobe, 
his  locality,  or  the  person  he  is  addressing. 
He  is  generally  the  offspring  of  some  in- 
habitant of  the  most  notorious  haunts  of  a 
seaport  town,  and  has  seldom  been  at  sea, 
or  when  he  has,  has  run  away  after  the  first 
voyage.     His  slang  of  seamanship  has  been 


picked  up  at  the  lowest  public-houses  in 
the  filthiest  slums  that  offer  diversion  to 
the  genuine  sailor. 

When  on  the  "  merchant  lay  "  his  attire 
consists  of  a  pair  of  tattered  trousers,  an 
old  guernsey-shirt,  and  a  torn  straw-hat. 
One  of  his  principal  points  of  "  costume  " 
is  his  bare  feet.  His  black  silk  handker- 
chief is  knotted  jauntily  round  his  throat 
after  the  most  approved  models  at  the 
heads  of  penny  ballads,  and  the  outsides  of 
songs.  He  wears  small  gold  earrings,  and 
has  short  curly  hair  in  the  highest  and 
most  offensive  state  of  glossy  greasiness. 
His  hands  and  arms  are  carefully  tattooed — 
a  foul  anchor,  or  a  long-haired  mermaid 
sitting  on  her  tail  and  making  her  toilette, 
being  the  favourite  cartoons.  In  his  gait 
he  endeavours  to  counterfeit  the  roll  of  a 
true  seaman,  but  his  hard  feet,  knock-knees, 
and  imperceptibly  acquired  turnpike-trot 
betray  him.  His  face  bears  the  stamp  of 
diabolically  low  cunning,  and  it  is  im- 
possible to  look  at  him  without  an  asso- 
ciation with  a  police-court.  His  complexion 
is  coarse  and  tallowy,  and  has  none  of  the 
manly  bronze  that  exposure  to  the  weather, 
and  watching  the  horizon  give  to  the  real  tar. 

I  Vv'as  once  walking  with  a  gentleman 
who  had  spent  the  earlier  portion  of  his 
life  at  sea,  when  a  turnpike  sailor  shufiled 
on  before  us.  We  had  just  been  convers- 
ing on  nautical  affairs,  and  I  said  to  him — 

"  Now,  there  is  a  brother  sailor  in  dis- 
tress ;  of  course  you  will  give  him  some- 
thing ?" 

"  lie  a  sailor !"  said  my  friend,  with 
great  disgust.     "  Did  you  see  him  spit  ?" 

The  fellow  had  that  moment  expec- 
torated. 

I  answered  that  I  had. 

"  He  spit  to  wind'ard  !"  said  my  friend. 

"  What  of  that  ?"  said  I. 

"  A  regular  landsman's  trick,"  observed 
my  friend.  "A  real  sailor  never  spits  to 
wind'ard.      WJiy,  he  could^nt." 

We  soon  passed  the  fellow,  who  pulled  at 
a  curl  upon  his  forehead,  and  began  in  a 
gruff  voice,  intended  to  convey  the  idea  of 
hardships,  storms,  shipwrecks,  battles, 
and  privations.  "  God — bless — your — 
'onors — give — a — copper — to  —  a,  —  poor — 
sailor— as — hasn't — spliced — the  —  main — 
jaw — since — the— day — 'fore — yesterday — 
at — eight — bells — God — love  —  yer — 'onors 
— do  !  —  I — a  vent — tasted — sin' — the — day 
— 'fore  —  yesterday — so — drop — a  —  cop — 
poor — seaman — do." 

My  friend  turned  round  and  looked  the 
beggar  full  in  the  face. 

*'  What  ship  ?"  he  asked,  quickl3^ 

1'he  fellow  answered  glibly. 


41G 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH, 


'-  What  captain  ?"  pursued  my  friend. 

The  fellow  again  replied  boldly,  though 
his  eyes  wandered  uneasily. 

''What  cargo.?"  asked  mj  inexorable 
companion. 

The  beggar  was  not  at  fault,  but  an- 
swered correctly. 

The  name  of  the  port,  the  reason  of  his 
discharge,  and  other  questions  were  asked 
and  answered ;  but  the  man  was  evidently 
beginning  to  be  embarrassed.  My  friend 
pulled  out  his  purse  as  if  to  give  him  some- 
thing. 

"  What  are  you  doing  here  ?"  continued 
the  indefatigable  inquirer.  "  Did  you 
leave  the  coast  for  the  purpose  of  trying  to 
find  a  ship  here  V     (We  were  in  Leicester.) 

The  man  stammered  and  pulled  at  his 
useful  forelock  to  get  time  to  collect  his 
thoughts  and  invent  a  good  lie. 

"  He  had  a  friend  in  them  parts  as  he 
thought  could  help  him." 

"  How  long  since  you  were  up  the 
Baltic?" 

"  Year — and — a — ai  f, — yer — 'onor.' ' 

"  Do  you  know  Kiel  ?" 

''  Yes, — yer — 'onor." 

"D'ye  know  the  'British  Flag'  on  the 
quay  there  T' 

"  Yes, — yer — 'onor." 

"  Been  there  often  ?" 

"  Yes, — yer — 'onor." 

"  Does  Nick  Johnson  still  keep  it?" 

"  Yes, — yer — 'onor." 

"  Then,"  said  my  friend,  after  giving  vent 
to  a  strong  opinion  as  to  the  beggar's 
voracity,  "  I'd  advise  you  to  be  off  quickly, 
for  there's  a  policeman,  and  if  I  get  within 
hail  of  him  1  shall  tell  him  you're  an  im- 
postor. There's  no  such  house  on  the 
quay.     Get  out,  you  scoundrel !" 

The  fellow  shuffled  off,  looking  curses, 
but  not  daring  to  express  them. 

On  the  "  ll'yal  Navy"  lay,  the  turnpike 
sailor  assumes  different  habiliments,  and 
altogether  a  smarter  trim.  He  wears  coarse 
blue  trousers  symmetrically  cut  about  the 
hips,  and  baggy  over  the  foot.  A  "jumper," 
or  loose  shirt  of  the  same  material,  a  tar- 
paulin hat,  with  the  name  of  a  vessel  in 
letters  of  faded  gold,  is  struck  on  the  back 
of  his  neck,  and  he  has  a  piece  of  whipcord, 
or  "lanyard"  round  his  waist,  to  which  is 
suspended  a  jack-knife,  which  if  of  but 
little  service  in  fighting  the  battles  of  his 
country  has  stood  him  in  good  stead  in 
silencing  the  cackling  of  any  stray  jjoultry 
that  crossed  his  road,  or  in  frightening 
into  liberality  the  female  tenant  of  a  soli- 
tary cottage.  This  "  patter,"  or  "  blob,"  is 
of  Plymouth,  Portsmouth,  Cawsen'  Bay, 
Hamoaze — ships  paid  oif,  prize-money,  tho 


bo'sen  and  the  first  le'tenant.  He  is  always 
an  able-bodied,  never  an  ordinary  seaman, 
and  cannot  get  a  ship  "  becos "  orders 
is  at  the  Hadmiralty  as  no  more  isn't  to 
be  put  into  commission.  Like  the  fictitious 
merchant-sailor  he  calls  every  landsman 
"your  honour,"  in  accordance  with  the 
conventional  rule  observed  by  the  jack  tars 
in  nautical  dramas.  He  exhibits  a  stale 
plug  of  tobacco,  and  replaces  it  in  his  jaw 
with  ostentatious  gusto.  His  chief  victims 
are  imaginative  boys  fresh  from  "  Eobinson 
Crusoe,"  and  "Tales  of  the  Ocean,"  and  old 
ladies  who  have  relatives  at  sea.  For 
many  months  after  a  naval  battle  he  is  in 
full  force,  and  in  inland  towns  tells  highly- 
spiced  narratives  of  the  adventures  of  his 
own  ship  and  its  gallant  crew  in  action. 
He  is  profuse  in  references  to  *'  the  cap'en," 
and  interlards  his  account  with,  "  and  the 
cap'en  turns  round,  and  he  says  to  me,  he 
say& — "  He  feels  the  pulse  of  his  listener's 
credulity  through  their  eyes,  and  throws 
the  hatchet  with  the  enthusiasm  of  an 
artist.  "  When  we  boarded  'em,"  I  heard 
one  of  these  vagabonds  say — "  oh,  when 
we  boarded  'em  !"  but  it  is  beyond  the 
power  of  my  feeble  pen  to  relate  the  deeds 
of  the  turnpike  true  blue,  and  his  ship  and 
its  gallant,  gallant  crew,  when  they  boarded 
'em,  I  let  him  run  out  his  yarn,  and  then 
said,  "  I  saw  the  account  of  the  action  in 
the  papers,  but  they  said  nothing  of  board- 
ing. As  1  read  it,  the  enemy  were  in  too 
shallow  water  to  render  that  manoeuvre 
possible  ;  but  that  till  they  struck  their 
Hag,  and  the  boats  went  out  to  take  pos- 
session, the  vessels  were  more  than  half  a 
mile  apart." 

This  would  have  posed  an  ordinary 
humbug,  but  the  able-bodied  liar  imme- 
diately, and  with  great  apparent  disgust, 
said,     "The   papers!    the    noo— o — o — s- 

}>apers !  d n  the  noo — o — o — s — papers. 

You  don't  believe  what  they  says,  sure/y. 
Look  how  they  sarved  out  old  Charley 
Napier.  Why,  sir,  I  was  there,  and  I  ought 
to  knoiu." 

At  times  the  turnpike  sailor  roars  out  a 
song  in  praise  of  British  valour  by  sea  ; 
but  of  late  this  "  lay  "  has  been  unfrequent. 
At  others  he  borrows  an  interesting-look- 
ing little  girl,  and  tying  his  arm  up  in  a 
sling,  adds  his  wounds  and  a  motherless 
infant  to  his  other  claims  upon  the  public 
sympathy.  After  a  heavy  gale  and  the  loss  of 
several  vessels,  he  appears  with  a  fresh  tale 
and  a  new  suit  of  carefully  chosen  rags. 
When  all  these  resources  fail  him  he  is 
compelled  to  turn  merchant,  or  "  duffer," 
and  invests  a  small  capital  in  a  few  hundred 
of  the  worst,  and  a  dozen  or  two  of  the  very 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


417 


best,  cigars.  If  he  be  possessed  of  no 
capital  he  steals  them.  He  allows  his 
whiskers  to  grow  round  his  face,  and  lubri- 
cates them  in  the  same  liberal  manner  as 
his  shining  hair.  He  buys  a  pea-coat, 
smart  waistcoat,  and  vohiminous  trousers, 
discards  his  black  neckerchief  for  a  scarlet 
one,  the  ends  of  which  run  through  a 
massive  ring.  He  wears  a  large  pair  of 
braces  over  his  waistcoat,  and  assumes  a 
half-foreign  air,  as  of  a  mariner  just  re- 
turned from  distant  climes.  He  accosts 
you  in  the  streets  mysteriously,  and  asks 
you  if  you  want  "  a  few  good  cigars  ?"  He 
tells  you  they  are  smuggled,  that  he  "  run" 
them  himself,  and  that  the  *'  Custom-'us 
horficers"  are  after  him.  I  need  hardly 
inform  my  reader  that  the  cigar  he  offers 
as  a  sample  is  excellent,  and  that,  should 
he  be  weak  enough  to  purchase  a  few  boxes 
,he  will  not  find  them  ''according  to 
sample."  Not  un frequently,  the  cigar- 
"  duff'er "  lures  his  victim  to  some  low 
tavern  to  receive  his  goods,  where  in  lieu 
of  tobacco,  shawls,  and  laces,  he  finds  a 
number  of  cut-throat-looking  confederates, 
who  plunder  and  illtreat  him. 

It  must  not  be  forgotten  that  at  times  a 
begging  sailor  may  be  met,  who  has  really 
been  a  seaman,  and  who  is  a  proper  object 
of  benevolence.  When  it  is  so,  he  is  inva- 
riably a  man  past  middle  age,  and  offers 
for  sale  or  exhibition  a  model  of  a  man-of- 
war  or  a  few  toy  yachts.  He  has  but  little 
to  say  for  himself,  and  is  too  glad  for  the 
gift  of  a  pair  of  landsmen's  trousers  to  trou- 
ble himself  about  their  anti-nautical  cut. 
in  fact,  the  real  seaman  does  not  care  for 
costume,  and  is  as  frequently  seen  in  an 
old  shooting-coat  as  a  torn  jacket ;  but 
despite  his  habiliments,  the  true  salt  oozes 
out  in  the  broad  hands  that  dangle  heavily 
from  the  wrists,  as  if  wanting  to  grip  a 
rope  or  a  handspike  ;  in  the  tender  feet 
accustomed  to  the  smooth  planks  of 
the  deck,  and  in  the  settled,  far-off' look  of 
the  weather-beaten  head,  with  its  fixed  ex- 
pression of  the  aristocracy  of  subordinar 
tion. 

In  conclusion,  a  real  sailor  is  seldom  or 
never  seen  inland,  where  he  can  have  no 
chance  of  employment,  and  is  removed 
from  the  sight  of  the  sea,  docks,  shipmates, 
and  all  things  dear  and  familiar  to  him. 
He  carries  his  papers  about  him  in  a  small 
tin  box,  addresses  those  who  speak  to  him 
as  "sir"  and  "marm,"  and  never  as  "your 
honour"  or  "  my  lady  ;"  is  rather  taciturn 
than  talkative,  and  rarely  brags  of  what  he 
has  seen,  or  done,  or  seen  done.  In  these 
and  all  other  respects  he  is  the  exact  oppo- 
site of  the  turnpike  sailor. 


Stkeet  Campaigners. 


Soldier  beggars  may  be  divided  into 
three  classes  :  those  who  really  have  been 
soldiers  and  are  reduced  to  mendicancy, 
those  who  have  been  ejected  from  the 
army  for  misconduct,  and  those  with  whom 
the  mihtary  dress  and  bearing  are  pure 
assumptions. 

The  difference  between  these  varieties  is 
so  distinct  as  to  be  easily  detected.  The 
first,  or  soldier  proper,  has  all  the  evi- 
dence of  drill  and  barrack  life  about  him  ; 
the  eye  that  always  "fronts"  the  person 
he  addresses ;  the  sjmre  habit,  high  cheek- 
bones, regulation  whisker,  stifi'  chin,  and 
deeply-marked  line  beneath  from  ear  to  ear. 
He  carries  his  papers  about  him,  and  when 
he  has  been  wounded  or  seen  service,  is 
modest  and  retiring  as  to  his  share  of 
glory.  He  can  give  little  information  as 
to  the  incidents  of  an  engagement,  except 
as  regards  the  deeds  of  his  own  company, 
and  in  conversation  speaks  more  of  tho 
personal  quahties  of  his  officers  and  com- 
rades than  of  their  feats  of  valour.  Try 
him  which  way  you  will  he  never  will  con- 
fess that  he  has  killed  a  man.  He  com- 
pensates himself  for  his  silence  on  the 
subject  of  fighting  by  excessive  grumbling 
as  to  the  provisions,  quarters,  &c.,  to 
which  he  has  been  forced  to  submit  in  the 
course  of  his  career.  He  generally  has  a 
wife  marching  by  his  side— a  tall  strapping 
woman,  who  looks  as  if  a  long  course  of 
washing  at  the  barracks  had  made  her  half 
a  soldier.  Ragged  though  he  be,  there  is 
a  certain  smartness  about  the  soldier  pro- 
per, observable  in  the  polish  of  his  boots, 
the  cock  of  his  cap,  and  the  disposition  of 
the  leather  strap  under  his  lower  lip.  He 
invariably  carries  a  stick,  and  when  a  sol- 
dier passes  him,  casts  on  him  an  odd  sort 
of  look,  half  envying,  half  pitying,  as  if  he 
said,  "  Though  you  are  better  fed  than  I, 
you  are  not  so  free  !" 

The  soldier  proper  has  various  occupa- 
tions. He  does  not  pass  all  his  time  in 
begging  :  he  will  hold  a  horse,  clean  knives 
and  boots,  sit  as  a  model  to  an  artist,  and 
occasionally  take  a  turn  at  the  wash-tub. 
Begging  he  abhors,  and  is  only  driven  to  it 
as  a  last  resource. 

If  my  readers  would  inquire  why  a  man 
so  ready  to  work  should  not  be  able  to  ob- 
tain employment,  he  will  r-eceive  the  answer 
that  universally  applies  to  all  questions  of 
hardship  among  the  humbler  classes — the 
vice  of  the  discharged  soldier  is  intem- 
perance. 

The  second  sort  of  soldier-beggar  is  one 
of  the  most  dangerous  and  violent  of  men- 


2  E 


418 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOIt, 


dicants.  Untaniable  even  by  regimental 
discipline,  insubordinate  by  nature,  he  has 
been  fhrust  out  from  the  army  to  prey 
upon  society.  He  begs  but  seldom,  and  is 
dangerous  to  meet  with  after  dark  upon  a 
lonely  road,  or  in  a  sequestered  lane.  In- 
deed, though  he  has  every  right  to  be 
classed  among  those  who  will  not  work,  he 
is  not  thoroughly  a  beggar,  but  wi^l  be  met 
with  again,  and  receive  fuller  justice  at  our 
hands,  in  the,  to  him,  more  congenial  cata- 
logue of  thieves. 

The  third  sort  of  street  campaigner  is  a 
perfect  impostor,  who  being  endowed, 
either  by  accident  or  art,  with  a  broken 
limb  or  dam^aged  feature,  puts  on  an  old 
military  coat,  as  he  would  assume  the 
dress  of  a  frozen -out  gardener,  distressed 
dock-yard  labourer,  burnt-out  tradesman, 
or  scalded  mechanic.  He  is  imitative,  and 
in  his  time  plays  many  parts.  He  "  gets 
np"  his  costume  with  the  same  attention 
to  detail  as  the  turnpike  sailor.  In  crowded 
busy  streets  he  "  stands  pad,"  that  is,  with 
a  written  statement  of  his  hard  case  slung 
round  his  neck,  like  a  label  round  a  de- 
canter. His  bearing  is  most  military  ;  he 
keeps  his  neck  straight,  his  chin  in,  and  his 
thumbs  to  the  outside  seams  of  his  trou- 
sers ;  he  is  stiff  as  an  embalmed  prepara- 
tion, for  which,  but  for  the  motion  of  his 
eyes,  yoxx  might  mistake  him.  In  quiet 
streets  and  in  the  country  he  discards  his 
"pad"  and  begs  "  on  the  blob,"  that  is,  he 
"  patters "  to  the  passers-by,  and  invites 
their  sympathy  by  word  of  mouth.  He  is 
an  ingenious  and  fertile  liar,  and  seizes  oc- 
casions such  as  the  late  war  in  the  Crimea 
and  the  mutiny  in  India  as  good  distant 
grounds  on  which  to  build  his  fictions. 

I  was  walking  in  a  high-road,  when 
I  was  accosted  by  a  fellow  dressed  in  an 
old  military  tunic,  a  forage-cap  like  a 
charity  boy's,  and  tattered  trousers,  who 
limped  along  barefoot  by  the  aid  of  a  stick. 
His  right  sleeve  was  empty,  and  tied  up  to 
a  button-hole  at  his  breast,  a  la  Nelson. 

"Please  your  honour,"  he  began,  in  a 
doleful  exhausted  voice,  "  bestow  your  cha- 
rity on  a  poor  soldier  which  lost  his  right 
arm  at  the  glorious  battle  of  Inkermann." 
I  looked  at  him,  and  having  considerable 
experience  in  this  kind  of  imposition,  could 
at  once  detect  that  he  was  "  acting*." 

"  To  what  regiment  did  you  belong?"  I 
asked. 

"TheThirty  — ,  sir." 
I  looked  at  his  button  and  read  Thirty  — 
"  I  haven't  tasted  bit  o'  food,  sir,  since 
yesterday  at  half-past  four,  and  then  a  lady 
give  me  a  cruster  bread,"  he  continued. 
"  The  Thirty  — !"   I  repeated.    "  I  knew 


the  Thirty  — .     Let  me  see — who  was  the 
colonel  ?" 

The  man  gave  me  a  name,  with  which  I 
suppose  he  was  provided. 

"  How  long  were  you  in  the  Thirty  —  .?' 
I  inquired. 

"  Five  year,  sir." 

"  I  had  a  schoolfellow  in  that  regiment, 
Captain  Thorpe,  a  tall  man  with  red  whis- 
kers— did  you  know  him  .^" 

"  There  was  a  captain,  sir,  with  large  red 
whiskers,  and  I  think  his  name  was  Thorpe  ; 
but  he  warn't  captain  of  my  company,  so  I 
didn't  know  for  certain,"  replied  the  man, 
after  an  affected  hesitation. 

"  The  Thirty  —  was  one  of  the  first  of 
our  regiments  that  landed,  I  think  ?"  I  re- 
marked. 

"  Yes,  your  honour,  it  were." 
"  You  impudent  impostor !"  I  said  ;  "  the 
Thirty  —  did  not  go  out  till  the  spring  of 
'55.     How  dare  you  tell  me  you  belonged 
to  it?" 

The  fellow  blenched  for  a  moment,  but 
rallied  and  said,  "  1  didn't  like  to  contra- 
dict your  honour  for  fear  you  should  be 
angry  and  wouldn't  give  me  nothing." 

"  That's  very  polite  of  you,"  I  said,  "  but 
still  I  have  a  great  mind  to  give  you  into 
custody.  Stay  ;  tell  me  who  and  what  you 
are,  and  I  will  give  you  a  shilling  and  let 
you  go." 

He  looked  up  and  down  the  road,  mea- 
sured me  with  his  eye,  abandoned  the  idea 
of  resistance,  and  replied  : 

"  Well,  your  honour,  if  you  wont  be  too 
hard  on  a  poor  man  which  finds  it  hard 
to  get  a  crust  anyhow  or  way,  I  don' t 
mind  telling  you  I  never  was  a  soldier." 
I  give  his  narrative  as  he  related  it  to  me. 

"  I  don't  know  who  my  parents  ever  was. 
The  fust  thing  as  I  remember  was  the 
river  side  (the  Thames),  and  running  in  low 
tide  to  find  things.  I  used  to  beg,  hold 
bosses,  and  sleejj  under  dry  arches.  I 
don't  remember  how  I  got  any  clothes. 
I  never  had  a  pair  of  shoes  or  stockings 
till  I  was  almost  a  man.  I  fancy  I  am  now 
nearly  forty  years  of  age. 

"  An  old  woman  as  kep  a  rag  and  iron 
shop  by  the  water-side  give  me  a  lodging 
once  for  two  years.  We  used  to  call  her 
'  Nanny  ;'  but  she  turned  me  out  when  she 
caught  me  taking  some  old  nails  and  a 
brass  cock  out  of  her  shop  ;  I  was  hungry 
when  I  done  it  ,for  the  old  gal  gi'  me  no 
grub,  nothing  but  the  bare  floor  for  a  bed. 
"  I  have  been  a  beggar  all  my  life,  and 
begged  in  all  sorts  o'  ways  and  all  sorts 
o'  lays.  I  don't  mean  to  say  that  if  I  see 
anything  laying  about  handy  that  I  don't 
mouch  it  (i.  c.    steal  it).     Once  a  gentle- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH, 


419 


man  took  me  into  his  house  as  his  servant. 
He  was  a  very  kind  man  ;  I  had  a  good 
place,  swell  clothes,  and  beef  and  beer  as 
much  as  I  liked  ;  but  I  couldn't  stand  the 
life,  and  I  run  away. 

"  The  loss  o'  my  arm,  sir,  was  the  best 
thing  as  ever  happen'd  to  me  :  it's  been  a 
living  to  me  ;  I  turn  out  wdth  it  on  all  sorts 
o'  lays,  and  it's  as  good  as  a  pension.  1  lost 
it  poaching  ;  my  mate's  gun  went  off  by 
accident,  and  the  shot  went  into  my  arm, 
I  neglected  it,  and  at  last  was  obliged  to  go 
to  a  orspital  and  have  it  off.  The  sur- 
geon as  ampitated  it  said  that  a  little  longer 
and  it  would  ha'  mortilied. 

"  The  Crimea's  been  a  good  dodge  to  a 
many,  but  it's  getting  stale  ;  all  dodges  are 
getting  stale  ;  square  coves  {L  e.,  honest 
folks)  are  so  wide  awake." 

"  Don't  you  think  you  would  have  found 
it  more  profitable,  had  you  taken  to  labour 
or  some  honester  calling  than  your  present 
one  ?"  I  asked. 

"  \Vell,  sir,  p'raps  I  might,"  he  replied ; 
"  but  going  on  the  square  is  so  dreadfully 
confining." 

FOREIGN  BEGGAES. 

These  beggars  appeal  to  the  sympathies 
as  "strangers" — in  a  foreign  land,  away 
from  friends  and  kindred,  unable  to  make 
their  wants  known,  or  to  seek  work,  from 
ignorance  of  the  language. 

In  exposing  the  shams  and  swindles  that 
are  set  to  catch  the  unwary,  I  have  no  wish 
to  check  the  current  of  real  benevolence. 
Cases  of  distress  exist,  which  it  is  a  plea- 
sure and  a  duty  to  relieve.  I  only  expose 
the  "dodges"  of  the  beggar  by  profession 
— the  beggar  by  trade — the  beggar  who 
lives  by  begging,  and  nothing  else,  except, 
as  in  most  cases,  where  he  makes  the  two 
ends  of  idleness  and  self-indulgence  meet, 
■ — by  thieving. 

Foreign  beggars  are  generally  so  mixed 
up  with  political  events,  that  in  treating  of 
them,  it  is  more  than  usually  difficult  to 
detect  imposition  from  misfortune.  Many 
high-hearted  patriots  have  been  driven  to 
this  country  by  tyrants  and  their  tools, 
but  it  will  not  do  to  mistake  every  vaga- 
bond refugee  for  a  noble  exile,  or  to  accept 
as  a  fact  that  a  man  who  cannot  live  in 
his  own  country,  is  necessarily  persecuted 
and  unfortunate,  and  has  a  claim  to  be 
helped  to  live  in  this. 

The  neighbourhood  of  Leicester  Square 
is,  to  the  foreign  political  exile,  the  foreign 
political  spy,  the  foreign  fraudulent  trades- 
man, the  foreign  escaped  thief,  and  the 
foreign  convict  who   has  served  his  time. 


what,  in  the  middle-ages,  sanctuary  was  to 
the  murderer.  In  this  modern  Alsatia — 
happily  for  us,  guarded  by  native  policemen 
and  detectives  of  every  nation  in  the  world — 
plots  are  hatched,  fulminating  powder  pre- 
pared, detonating-balls  manufactured,  and 
infernal  machines  invented,  which,  wielded 
by  the  hands  of  men  whose  opinions  are  so 
far  beyond  the  age  in  which  they  live,  that 
their  native  land  has  cast  them  out  for  ever  ; 
are  destined  to  overthrow  despotic  govern- 
ments, restore  the  liberty  of  the  subject, 
and,  in  a  wholesale  sort  of  way,  regenerate 
the  rights  of  man. 

Political  spies  are  the  monied  class  among 
these  philanthropic  desperadoes.  The 
political  regenerators,  unless  furnished  with 
means  from  some  special  fund,  are  the 
most  miserable  and  abject.  Mr.  Thackeray 
has  observed  that  whenever  an  Irishman  is 
in  difficulties  he  always  finds  another  Irish- 
man w^orse  off  than  himself,  who  talks  over 
creditors,  borrows  money,  runs  errands, 
and  makes  himself  generally  useful  to  his 
incarcerated  fellow-countryman.  This  ob- 
servation will  apply  equally  to  foreigners. 

There  is  a  timid  sort  of  refugee,  who 
lacking  the  courage  to  arrive  at  political 
eminence  or  cash,  by  means  of  steel,  or 
poison,  is  a  hanger-on  of  his  bolder  and 
less  scrupulous  compatriot.  This  man, 
when  deserted  by  his  patron,  is  forced  to 
beg.  The  statement  that  he  makes  as  to 
his  reasons  for  leaving  the  dear  native  land 
that  the  majority  of  foreigners  are  so  ready 
to  sing  songs  in  praise  of,  and  to  quit, 
must  be,  of  course,  received  with  caution. 

The  Frexcii  Beggar. 

My  reader  has  most  likely,  in  a  quiet 
street,  met  a  shabby  little  man,  who  stares 
about  him  in  a  confused  manner,  as  if  he 
had  lost  his  way.  As  soon  as  he  sees  a 
decently-dressed  person  he  shuffles  up  to 
him,  and  taking  off  a  "casquette"  with 
considerably  more  brim  than  body,  makes 
a  slight  bow,  and  says  in  a  plaintive  voice. 
"Parlez  Francais,  m'sieu?" 

If  you  stop  and,  in  an  unguarded  mo- 
ment, answer  "  Qui,"  the  beggar  takes  from 
his  breast-pocket  a  greasy  leather  book, 
from  which  he  extracts  a  piece  of  carefully 
folded  paper,  which  he  hands  you  with  a 
pathetic  shrug. 

The  paper,  when  opened,  contains  a  small 
slip,  on  which  is  written  in  a  light,  foreign 
hand — 

"  You  are  requested  to  direct  the  bearer 
to  the  place  to  which  he  desires  to  go,  as 
he  cannot  speak  English !" 

The  beggar  then,  with  a  profusion  of 
bows,  points  to  the  larger  paper. 


420 


LONVON  LABOUR  AND  TILE  LONDON  I'OOli, 


"  Mais,  m'sieu,  ayez  la  bonte  de  lire.  C'est 
Anglais." 

The  larger  paper  contains  a  statement  in 
French  and  English,  that  the  bearer  Jean 
Baptiste  Dupout  is  a  native  of  Troyes, 
Champagne,  and  a  fan-maker  by  trade  ;  that 
paralysis  in  the  hand  has  deprived  him  of 
the  po^Yer  of  working ;  that  he  came  to 
England  to  find  a  daughter,  who  had 
married  an  Englishman  and  was  dwelling 
in  Westminster,  but  that  when  he  arrived 
he  found  they  had  parted  for  Austraha  ; 
that  he  is  fifty-two  years  of  age,  and  is  a 
deserving  object  of  compassion,  having  no 
means  of  returning  to  Troyes,  being  an 
entire  stranger  to  England,  and  having  no 
acquaintances  or  friends  to  assist  him. 

This  statement  is  without  any  signature, 
but  no  sooner  have  you  read  it  than  the 
beggar,  who  would  seem  to  have  a  bhnd 
credence  in  the  efficacy  of  documents,  draws 
from  his  pocket-book  a  certificate  of  birth, 
a  register  of  marriage,  a  passport,  and  a 
permission  to  embark,  which,  being  all  in 
a  state  of  crumpled  greasiness,  and  printed 
and  written  in  French,  so  startles  and 
confounds  the  reader,  that  he  drops  some- 
thing into  the  man's  hand  and  passes  on. 

I  have  been  often  stopped  by  this  sort  of 
beggar.  In  the  last  case  I  met  with  I  held 
a  long  talk  with  the  man — of  course,  in  his 
own  language,  for  he  will  seldom  or  never 
be  betrayed  into  admitting  that  he  has 
any  knowledge  of  English. 

"  Parlez  FranQais,  m'sieu  ?" 

"Yes,  I  do,"  I  answered.  "Wliat  do 
you  want  ?" 

"  Deign,  monsieur,  to  have  the  bounty  to 
read  this  paper  which  I  have  the  honour  to 
present  to  monsieur." 

"  Oh,  never  mind  the  papers  !"  I  said, 
shortly.     "  Can't  you  speak  English  ?" 

"Alas,  monsieur,  no !" 

"  Speak  French,  then !" 

My  quick  speaking  rather  confused  the 
fellow,  who  said  that  he  was  without  bread, 
and  without  asylum ;  that  he  was  a  tour- 
neur  and  ebeniste  (turner,  worker  in  ebony 
and  ivory,  and  cabinet-maker  in  general) 
by  trade,  that  he  was  a  stranger,  and 
wished  to  raise  sufficient  money  to  enable 
him  to  return  to  France. 

*'  AVhy  did  you  come  over  to  England  .?" 
I  asked. 

"  I  came  to  work  in  London,"  he  said, 
after  pretending  not  to  miderstand  my 
question  the  first  time. 

"Where?"  I  inquired. 

Kt  first  I  understood  him  to  answer 
Sheffield,  but  I  at  last  made  out  that  he 
meant  Smithfield. 

"  What  was  your  master's  name  ?" 


"I  do  not  comprehend,  monsieur — if 
monsieur  will  deign  to  read — " 

"  You  comprehend  me  perfectly  wel?; 
don't  pretend  that  you  don't — that  is  only 
shufflini;;  (tracasserie). 

"  The  name  of  my  master  was  Johnson." 

"  Why  did  you  leave  him  ?"  I  inquired. 

"  He  is  dead,  monsieur." 

*'  Why  did  you  not  return  to  France  at 
his  death  F"  was  my  next  question. 

"  Monsieur,  I  tried  to  obtain  work  in 
England,"  said  the  beggar. 

"How  long  did  you  work  for  Mr. 
Johnson  ?" 

"  There  was  a  long  time,  monsieur,  that — " 

"  How  long  ?"  I  repeated.  "  How  many 
years  ?" 

"  Since  two  years." 

"And  did  you  live  in  London  two  years, 
and  all  that  time  learn  to  speak  no 
EngHsh  r' 

"  Ah,  monsieur,  you  embarrass  me.  If 
monsieur  will  not  deign  to  aid  me,  it  must 
be  that  I  seek  elsewhere — " 

"But  tell  me  how  it  was  you  learnt  no 
English,"  I  persisted. 

"  Ah,  monsieur,  my  comrades  in  ths 
shop  ■were  all  French."' 

"  And  you  \vant  to  get  back  to  Franco  ?" 

"Ah,  monsieur,  it  is  the  hope  of  mv 
life." 

"  Come  to  me  to-morrow  morning  at 
eleven  o'clock — there  is  my  address."  1 
gave  him  the  envelope  of  a  letter.  "  I  am 
well  acquainted  with  the  French  Consul  at 
London  Bridge,  and  at  my  intercession  I 
am  sure  that  he  will  get  you  a  free  passage 
to  Calais;  if  not,  and  1  find  he  considei's 
your  story  true,  I  will  send  you  at  my  ov/n 
exj^ense.     Good  night !" 

Of  course  the  man  did  not  call  in  the 
morning,  and  I  saw  no  more  of  him. 

Destituit^  Poles. 

It  is  now  many  years  since  the  people  of 
this  country  evinced  a  strong  sympathy 
for  Polish  refugees.  Their  gallant  struggle, 
compulsory  exile,  and  utter  national  and 
domestic  ruin  raised  them  warm  friends  in 
England  ;  and  committees  for  the  relief  of 
destitute  Poles,  halls  for  the  benefit  of 
destitute  Poles,  and  subscriptions  for  the 
relief  of  the  destitute  Poles  were  got  up  in 
every  market-town.  Shelter  and  suste- 
nance were  afi'orded  to  many  gentlemen  of 
undoubted  integrity,  who  found  themselves 
penniless  in  a  strange  land,  and  the  aris- 
tocracy feted  and  caressed  the  best-born 
and  most  gallant.  To  be  a  Pole,  and  in 
distress,  was  almost  a  sufficient  intro- 
duction, and  there  were  few  English  fami- 
lies   who    did   not  entertain   as  friend  or 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOU. 


421 


viyitor  one  of  tliese  unfortunate  and  suffer- 
ing patriots. 

80  excellent  an  opportunity  for  that  class 
of  foreign  swindlers  which  haunt  roulette- 
tables,  and  are  the  pest  of  second-rate 
hotels  abroad,  was  of  course  made  use  of. 
Crowds  of  adventurers,  "  got  up  "  in  furs, 
and  cloaks,  and  playhouse  dresses,  with 
padded  breasts  and  long  moustachios, 
flocked  to  England,  and  assuming  the  title 
of  count,  and  giving  out  that  their  patri- 
mony had  been  sequestered  by  the  Em- 
peror of  Russia,  easily  obtained  a  hearing 
and  a  footing  in  many  English  families, 
whose  heads  would  not  have  received  one 
of  their  own  countrymen  except  with  the 
usual  credentials. 

John  Bull's  partiality  for  foreigners  is 
one  of  his  well-known  weaknesses  ;  and 
valets,  cooks,  and  couriers  in  their  masters 
clothes,  and  sometimes  with  the  titles  of 
that  master  whom  they  had  seen  shot  down 
in  battle,  found  themselves  objects  of 
national  sympathy  and  attention.  Their 
success  among  the  fair  sex  was  extra- 
ordinary ;  and  many  penniless  adventurers, 
with  no  accomplishments  beyond  card- 
sharping,  and  a  foreign  hotel  waiter's 
smattering  of  continental  languages,  allied 
themselves  to  families  of  wealth  and  re- 
spectability. All,  of  course,  were  not  so 
fortunate  ;  and  after  some  persons  had  been 
victimized,  a  few  inquiries  made,  and  the 
real  refugee  gentlemen  and  soldiers  had  in- 
dignantly repudiated  any  knowledge  of  the 
swindlers  or  their  pretensions,  the  pseudo- 
Polish  exiles  were  compelled  to  return  to 
their  former  occupations.  The  least  able 
and  least  fortunate  were  forced  to  beg,  and 
adopted  exactly  the  same  tactics  as  the 
French  beggar,  except  that  instead  of  cer- 
titicates  of  birth,  and  passports,  he  exhibited 
false  military  documents,  and  told  lying 
tales  of  regimental  services,  liussian  prisons, 
and  miraculous  escapes. 

The  "  destitute  Pole  "is  seldom  met  with 
now,  and  would  hardly  have  demanded  a 
notice  if  I  had  not  thought  it  right  to  show 
how  soon  the  unsuccessful  cheat  or  swindler 
drops  down  into  the  beggar,  and  to  what  a 
height  the  "  Polish  fever "  raged  some 
thirty  years  ago.  It  would  be  injustice  to  a 
noble  nation  if  I  did  not  inform  my  reader 
that  but  few  of  the  false  claimants  to 
British  sympathy  were  Poles  at  alb  They 
were  Ptussians,  Frenchmen,  Hungarians, 
Austrians,  Prussians,  and  Germans  of  all 
sorts. 

The  career  of  one  fellow  will  serve  to 
show  with  what  little  ingenuity  the  credu- 
lous can  be  imposed  on.  His  real  name  is 
lost  among  his  numerous  aliases,  neither  do 


I  know  whether  he  commenced  life  as  a 
soldier,  or  as  a  valet ;  but  1  think  it  pro- 
bable that  he  had  combined  those  occupa- 
tions and  been  regimental  servant  to  an 
ofhcer.  Pie  came  to  London  in  the  year 
1833  under  the  name  of  Count  Stanislas 
Soltiewski,  of  Ostralenka ;  possessed  of  a 
handsome  person  and  invulnerable  au- 
dacity, he  was  soon  received  into  decent 
society,  and  in  1837  married  a  lady  of 
some  fortune,  squandered  her  money,  and 
deserted  her.  He  then  changed  his  name 
to  Levieczin,  and  travelled  from  town  to 
town,  giving  political  lectures  at  town- 
halls,  assembly-rooms,  and  theatres.  In 
1842  he  called  himself  Doctor  Telecki,  said 
he  was  a  native  of  Smolensk,  and  set  up  a 
practice  in  Manchester,  where  he  contracted 
a  large  amount  of  debts.  From  Manchester 
he  eloped  with  one  of  his  patients,  a  young 
lady  to  whom  he  was  married  in  1845,  in 
Dublin,  in  which  place  he  again  en- 
deavoured to  practise  as  a  physician.  He 
soon  involved  himself  in  difficulties,  and 
quitted  Dublin,  taking  with  him  funds 
which  had  been  entrusted  to  him  as  trea- 
surer of  a  charitable  institution.  Pie  left 
his  second  wdfe,  and  formed  a  connexion 
with  another  woman,  travelled  about, 
giving  scientific  lectures,  and  sometimes 
doing  feats  of  legerdemain.  He  again 
married  a  widow  lady  who  had  some 
four  or  five  hundred  pounds,  which  he 
spent,  after  which  he  deserted  her.  He 
then  became  the  scourge  and  terror  of 
hotel-keepers,  and  went  from  tavern  to 
tavern  living  on  every  luxury,  and,  when 
asked  for  money,  decamijing,  and  leaving 
behind  him  nothing  but  portmanteaus 
filled  with  straw  and  bricks.  He  returned 
to  England  and  obtained  a  situation  in  a 
respectable  academy  as  a  teacher  of  French 
and  the  guitar.  Here  he  called  himself 
Count  Hohenbreitenstein-Boitzenburg. 

Under  this  name  he  seduced  a  young 
lady,  w^hom  he  persuaded  he  could  not 
marry  on  account  of  her  being  a  Protestant, 
and  of  his  being  a  Count  of  the  Holy  Roman 
Empire  in  the  pontifical  degree.  By 
threatening  exposure  he  extracted  a  large 
sum  of  money  from  her  friends,  with  which 
he  returned  to  London,  where  he  lived  for 
some  time  by  begging  letters,  and  obtaining 
money  on  various  false  pretences.  His 
first  wife  discovered  him,  and  he  was 
charged  with  bigamy,  but  owing  to  some 
technical  informality  was  not  convicted. 
He  then  enlisted  in  the  87th  regiment, 
from  which  he  shortly  after  deserted.  He 
became  the  associate  of  thieves  and  the 
prostitutes  who  live  in  the  neighbourhood 
of  Waterloo   Road.     After  being    several 


422 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOIL 


times  imprisoned  for  petty  thefts  lie  at 
length  earned  a  miserable  living  by  con- 
juring in  low  public-houses,  where  he 
announced  himself  as  the  celebrated  Polish 
professor  of  legerdemain,  Count  Makvicz. 

He  died  in  August,  1852,  and,  oddly 
enough,  in  a  garret  in  Poland  Street,  Oxford 
Street. 

Of  modern  Polish  swindlers  and  beggars, 
the  most  renowned  is  Adolphus  Czapolinski. 
This  "  shabby  genteel  man  of  military  ap- 
pearance"— I  quote  the  daily  papers, — "  has 
been  several  times  incarcerated,  has  again 
offended,  and  been  again  imprisoned.  His 
fraudulent  practices  were  first  discovered 
in  1860."  The  following  is  from  the  Times, 
of  June  the  5th  of  that  year  : — 

"Bow  Street, — A  military-looking  man, 
who  said  his  name  was  Lorenzo  Noodt,  and 
that  he  had  served  as  captain  in  one  of  our 
foreign  legions  during  the  Crimean  war, 
was  brought  before  Mr.  Henry  on  a  charge 
of  attempting  to  obtain  money  by  false  and 
fraudulent  pretences  from  the  Countess  of 
Waldegrave." 

Mr.  George  Granville  Harcourt  (the  hus- 
band of  Lady  Waldegrave,  deposed  : 

"  I  saw  the  prisoner  to-day  at  my  house 
in  Carlton  Gardens,  where  he  called  by  my 
request  in  reference  to  a  letter  which  Lady 
AValdegrave  had  received  from  him.  It  was 
a  letter  soliciting  charitable  contributions, 
and  enclosing  three  papers.  The  first  pur- 
ported to  be  a  note  from  Lady  Staflbrd, 
enclosing  a  post-office  order  for  3/.  I  know 
her  ladyship's  handwriting,  and  this  is  like 
it,  but  I  cannot  say  whether  it  is  genuine. 
The  second  is  apparently  a  note  from  Colonel 
Macdonald,  sending  him  a  post-office  order 
for  41.  on  the  part  of  the  Duke  of  Cambridge, 
The  third  is  a  note  purporting  to  be  written 
by  the  secretary  of  the  Duke  d'Aumale. 
This  note  states  that  the  duke  approves 
this  person's  departure  for  Italy,  and  desires 
his  secretary  to  send  him  51.  We  were 
persuaded  that  it  could  not  be  genuine,  in 
the  first  place,  as  we  have  the  honour  of 
being  intimate  with  the  Duke  d'Aumale. 
We  perfectly  well  knew  that  he  would  not 
say  to  this  individual,  or  to  any  one  else, 
that  he  approved  his  departure  for  Italy  ; 
in  the  second  place,  there  are  mistakes 
in  the  French  which  render  it  impossible 
that  the  duke's  secretary  should  have 
written  it  ;  in  the  third  place,  the  name  is 
not  that  of  the  secretary,  though  resembling 
it.  Under  all  the  circumstances,  I  took  an 
opportunity  of  asking  both  the  secretary 
and  the  Duke  d'Aumale  whether  they  had 
any  knowledge  of  this  communication,  and 
they  stated  that  they  knew  nothing  of  it. 
The  duke  said  that  it  was  very  disagreeable 


to  him  that  he  should  be  supposed  to  be 
interfei'ing  to  forward  the  departure  of  ]3er- 
sons  to  Italy,  which  would  produce  an  im- 
pression that  he  was  meddling  in  the  affairs 
of  that  country.  I  wrote  to  the  prisoner 
to  call  on  me,  in  order  to  receive  back  his 
papers.  At  first  another  man  called,  but 
on  his  addressing  me  in  French  I  said, 
'  You  are  an  Italian,  not  a  German.  I  want 
to  see  the  captain  himself.'  To-day  the 
prisoner  called.  I  showed  the  papers,  and 
asked  him  if  they  were  the  letters  he  had 
received,  and  if  he  had  received  the  money 
referred  to  in  those  letters.  To  both  ques- 
tions he  replied  in  the  affirmative.  The 
officer  Horsford,  with  whom  I  had  commu- 
nicated in  the  meanwhile,  was  in  the  next 
room.  I  called  him  in,  and  he  went  up  to 
Captain  Noodt,  telling  him  he  was  his  pri- 
soner. He  asked  why  ?  Horsford  replied, 
for  attempting  to  obtain  money  by  means 
of  a  forged  letter.  He  then  begged  me  not 
to  ruin  him,  and  said  that  the  letter  was 
not  written  by  him." 

The  prisoner's  letter  to  Lady  Waldegrave 
was  then  read  as  follows  : — 

"  ]\riLADT  Countess, 

"  I  am  foreigner,  but  have  the  rank  of 
captain  by  my  service  under  English  colours 
in  tlie  Crimean  war,  being  appointed  by 
her  Majesty's  brevet,  I  have  struggled 
very  hard,  after  having  been  discharged 
from  the  service,  but,  happily,  I  have  been 
temporarily  assisted  by  some  persons  of 
distinction,  and  the  Duke  of  Cambridge. 
To-day,  milady  Countess,  I  have  in  object 
to  ameliorate  or  better  my  condition,  going 
to  accept  service  in  Italian  lawful  army, 
where  by  the  danger  I  may  obtain  advance- 
ment. Being  poor,  I  am  obliged  to  solicit 
of  my  noble  patrons  towards  my  journey. 
The  Due  d'Aum!lle,  the  Marchioness  of 
Stafford,  &c.,  kindly  granted  me  their  con- 
tributions. Knowing  your  ladyship's  con- 
nexion with  those  noble  persons,  I  take  the 
liberty  of  soliciting  yoiu-  ladj^ship's  kind  con- 
tribution to  raise  any  funds  for  my  outfit 
and  journey.  In  '  appui '  of  my  statements  I 
enclose  my  captain's  commission  and  letters, 
and,  in  recommending  myself  to  your  lady- 
ship's consideration,  I  present  my  homage, 
and  remain, 

"  Your  humble  servant, 

"  Captain  L,  B.  Noodt," 

The  letter  of  the  pretended  secretary  was 
as  follows : — 

"Monsieur  le  Capitaine, 

"  Son  altesse  Monseigneur  le  Due  d'Au- 
male approuve  votre  depart  pour  I'ltalie, 
et  pour  vous  aider  dans  la  depensc  de  votre 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOJl. 


42'5 


voyage  m'a  charge  de  vous  transmettre  5/., 
ci  inclus,  que  vous  m'obligerez  de  m'en 
accuser  la  reception. 

"Agreez,  monsieur  le  capitaine,  I'assur- 
ance  de  ma  consideration  distinguee. 
"  Votre  humble  serviteur, 

"Chs.  Codleuvrier,  Sec." 

The  prisoner,  iuhoapj)eared  m.uch  agitated, 
acknowledged  the  dishonesty  of  his  con- 
duct, but  appealed  to  the  pity  of  Mr.  Har- 
court,  saying  that  he  had  suffered  great 
hardships,  and  had  been  driven  to  this  act 
by  want.  It  was  sad  that  an  officer  bearing 
the  Quee7i's  commission  should  he  so  humiliated. 
The  letter  was  not  written  by  himself,  but 
by  a  Frenchman  who  led  him  into  it. 

Mr.  Henry  said  he  had  brought  the  hu- 
miliation on  himself.  He  must  be  well 
aware  that  the  crime  of  forgery  was  pun- 
ished as  severely  in  his  own  country  as 
here.  The  prisoner  should  have  the  oppor- 
tunity of  producing  the  writer  of  the  letter, 
or  of  designating  him  to  the  police.  On 
the  recommendiition  to  mercy  of  Mr.  Har- 
court,  he  was  only  sentenced  to  one  month's 
imprisonment. 

On  July  the  9th  he  was  brought  up  to 
Marlborough  Street  by  Horsford,  the  officer 
of  the  Mendicity  Society,  charged  with  ob- 
taining by  false  and  fraudulent  pretences 
the  sum  of  3/.  from  Lady  ^Stafford.  Since 
his  imprisonment  it  had  been  discovered 
that  his  real  name  was  Adolphus  Czapo- 
linski,  and  that  he  was  a  Pole.  The  real 
Captain  Noodt  was  in  a  distant  part  of  the 
kingdom,  and  Czapolinski  had  obtained 
surreptitious  possession  of  his  commission, 
and  assumed  his  name.  The  indefatigable 
Mr.  Horsford  had  placed  himself  in  com- 
munication with  the  secretary  of  the  Polish 
Association,  who  had  known  the  prisoner 
(Czapolinski)  for  twenty-five  years.  It 
would  seem  that  in  early  life  he  had  been 
engaged  under  various  foreign  powers,  and 
in  1835  he  came  to  this  country  and  earned 
a  scanty  maintenance  as  a  teacher  of  lan- 
guages ;  that  he  was  addicted  to  drinking, 
begging,  and  thieving,  and  upon  one  occa- 
sion, when  usher  in  a  school,  he  robbed 
the  pupils  of  their  clothes,  and  even  fleeced 
them  of  their  trifling  pocket-money.  While 
in  the  House  of  Detention  he  bad  written 
to  Captain  Wood,  the  secretary  of  the  M  en- 
dicity  Society,  offering  to  turn  approver. 
The  letter  in  question  ran  thus  : — ■ 

"  Sir, — Permit  me  to  make  you  a  request, 
which  is,  not  to  press  your  prosecution 
against  me,  and  I  most  solemnly  promise 
you  that  for  this  favour  all  my  endeavours 
will  be  to  render  you  every  assistance  for 
all  the  information  you  should  require.     I 


was  very  wrong  to  not  speak  to  you  when 
I  was  at  your  office,  but  really  1  was  not 
guilty  of  tliis  charge,  because  the  letter 
containing  the  post-office  order  was  de- 
livered to  Captain  Noodt.  I  was  only  the 
messenger  from  Lad}^  Stafford. 

"Look,  Captain  Wood,  I  know  much, 
and  no  one  can  be  so  able  to  render  you 
the  assistance  and  information  of  all  the 
foreigners  than  me.  Neither  any  of  your 
officers  could  find  the  way ;  but  if  you  charge 
me  to  undertake  to  find  I  will,  on  only  one 
condition — that  you  will  stop  the  prosecu- 
tion. The  six  weeks  of  detention  were 
quite  sufficient  punishment  to  liie  for  the 
first  time  ;  and  let  it  be  understood  that 
for  your  condescension  to  stop  the  prose- 
cution all  my  services  shall  be  at  your 
orders,  whenever  you  shall  require,  without 
any  remuneration.  My  offers  will  be  very 
advantageous  to  you  under  every  respect. 
Send  any  of  your  clerks  to  speak  with  me 
to  make  my  covenant  with  you,  and  you 
will  be  better  convinced  of  my  good  inten- 
tions to  be  serviceable  to  you. 
"  I  am,  &c., 

"A.  Czapolinski." 

He  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  im- 
prisonment and  hard  labour. 

Czapolinski  is  one  of  the  most  extra- 
ordinary of  the  beggars  of  the  present  day. 
He  raises  money  both  by  personal  applica- 
tion and  by  letter.  He  has  been  known  to 
make  from  201.  to  601.  per  day.  He  is  a 
great  gambler,  and  has  been  seen  to  lose 
— and  to  pay — upwards  of  100/.  at  a  gam- 
bling house  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Lei- 
cester Square  in  the  course  of  a  single  night 
and  morning. 

Hindoo  Beggars 

Are  those  spare,  snake-eyed  Asiatics  wdio 
walk  the  streets,  coolly  dressed  in  Man- 
chester cottons,  or  chintz  of  a  pattern  com- 
monly used  for  bed-furniture,  to  which  the 
resemblance  is  carried  out  by  the  dark, 
polished  colour  of  the  thin  limbs  which  it 
envelopes.  They  very  often  affect  to  be 
converts  to  the  Christian  religion,  and  give 
away  tracts  ;  with  the  intention  of  entrap- 
ping the  sympathy  of  elderly  ladies.  They 
assert  that  they  have  been  high-caste  Brah- 
mins, but  as  untruth,  even  when  not  acting 
professionally,  is  habitual  to  them,  there  is 
not  the  slightest  dependence  to  be  placed  on 
w^hat  they  say.  Sometimes,  in  the  winter, 
they  "  do  shallow,"  that  is,  stand  on  the 
kerb-stone  of  the  pavement,  in  their  thin, 
ragged  clothes,  and  shiver  as  with  cold  and 
hunger,  or  crouch  against  a  wall  and  whine 
like  a  whipped  animal ;  at  others  they  turn 


424 


LONDON  LABOVU  AND  THE  LONDON  ^OOJi, 


out  with  a  sraaH,  barrel-shaped  drum,  on 
which  they  make  a  monotonous  noise  with 
their  fingers,  to  wliich  music  they  sing  and 
dance.  Or  they  will  "stand  pad  with  a 
fakement,"  i.  e.  wear  a  placard  upon  their 
breasts,  that  describes  them  as  natives  of 
Madagascar,  in  distress,  converts  to  Chris- 
tianity, anxious  to  get  to  a  seaport  where 
they  can  work  their  passage  back.  This  is 
a  favourite  artifice  with  Lascars — or  they 
will  sell  lucifers,  or  sweep  a  crossing,  or  do 
anything  where  their  picturesque  appear- 
ance, of  which  they  are  proud  and  con- 
scious, can  be  effectively  displayed.  They 
are  as  cunning  as  they  look,  and  can  detect 
a  sympathetic  face  among  a  crowd.  They 
never  beg  of  soldiers,  or  sailors,  to  whom 
they  always  give  a  wide  berth  as  they  pass 
them  in  the  streets. 

From  the  extraordinary  mendacity  of 
this  race  of  beggars — a  mendacity  that 
never  falters,  hesitates,  or  stumbles,  but 
flows  on  in  an  unbroken  stream  of  false- 
hood,— it  is  difficult  to  obtain  any  reliable 
information  respecting  them.  I  have,  how- 
ever, many  reasons  for  believing  that  the 
following  statement,  which  was  made  to 
me  by  a  very  dirty  and  distressed  Indian, 
is  moderately  true.  The  man  spoke  English 
like  a  cockne^^  of  the  lowest  order.  I  shall 
not  attempt  to  describe  the  peculiar  accent 
or  construction  which  he  occasionally  gave 
to  it. 

*'  My  name  is  Joaleeka.  I  do  not  know 
where  I  was  born.  I  never  knew  my  father. 
I  remember  my  mother  very  well.  From 
the  first  of  my  remembrance  I  was  at 
Dumdum,  where  I  was  servant  to  a  Eu- 
ropean officer — a  great  man — a  prince — 
who  had  more  than  a  hundred  servants 
beside  me.  When  he  went  away  to  fight, 
I  followed  among  others — I  was  with  the 
baggage.  I  never  fought  myself,  but  1  have 
heard  the  men  (Sepoys)  say  that  the 
prince,  or  general,  or  colonel,  liked  nothing 
so  well  as  fighting,  except  tiger-hunting, 
lie  was  a  wonderful  man,  and  his  soldiers 
liked  him  very  much.  I  travelled  over  a 
great  part  of  India  with  Europeans.  I  went 
up  country  as  far  as  Secunderabad,  and 
learned  to  speak  English  very  well — so  well 
that,  when  1  was  quite  a  young  man,  I  was 
often  employed  as  interpreter,  for  I  caught 
up  diff*erent  Indian  languages  quickly.  At 
last  I  got  to  interpret  so  well  that  I  was 

recommended  to ,  a  great  native  prince 

who  was  coming  over  to  England.  I  was 
not  his  interpreter,  but  interjDreter  to  his 
servants.  We  came  to  London,  We  stopped 
in  an  hotel  in  Vere-street,  Oxford-street. 
We  stayed  here  some  time.  Then  my  chief 
went  over  to  Paris,  but  he  did  not  take  all 


his  servants  with  him.  I  stopped  at  the 
hotel  to  interpret  for  those  who  remained. 
It  was  during  this  time  that  I  formed  a 
connexion  with  a  white  woman.  She  was 
a  servant  in  the  hotel.  I  broke  my  caste, 
and  from  that  moment  I  knew  that  it  would 
not  do  for  me  to  go  back  to  India.  The 
girl  fell  in  the  family-way,  and  was  sent 
out  of  the  house.  My  fellow-servants  knew 
of  it,  and  as  man}'  of  them  hated  me,  I 
knew  that  they  would  tell  my  master  on 
his  return.  I  also  knew  that  by  the 
English  laws  in  England  I  was  a  free  man, 
and  that  my  master  could  not  take  me 
back  against  my  will.  If  I  had  gone  back, 
I  should  have  been  put  to  death  for  break- 
ing my  caste.  When  my  master  returned 
from  France,  he  sent  for  me.  He  told  me 
that  ho  had  heard  of  my  breaking  my 
caste,  and  of  the  girl,  but  that  he  should 
take  no  notice  of  it ;  that  I  was  to  return 
to  Calcutta  with  him,  where  he  would  get 
me  employment  with  some  European 
officer  ;  that  I  need  not  fear,  as  he  would 
order  his  servants  to  keep  silent  on  the 
subject.  I  salaamed  and  thanked  him,  and 
said  I  was  his  slave  for  ever  ;  but  at  the 
same  time  I  knew  that  he  would  break  his 
word,  and  that  when  he  had  me  in  his 
power,  he  would  put  me  to  death.  He  was 
9  v-3ry  severe  man  about  caste.  I  attended 
to  all  my  duties  as  before,  and  all  believed 
that  I  was  going  back  to  India — but  the 
very  morning  that  my  master  started  for 
the  coast,  I  ran  away.  I  changed  my 
clothes  at  the  house  of  a  girl  I  knew — not 
the  same  one  as  I  had  known  at  the  hotel, 
but  another.  This  one  lived  at  Seven  Dials. 
I  stopped  in-doors  for  many  days,  till  this 
girl,  who  could  read  newspapers,  told  me 
that  my  master  had  sailed  away.  I  felt 
very  glad,  for  though  I  knew  my  master 
could  not  force  me  to  go  back  with  him, 
yet  I  was  afraid  for  all  that,  for  he  knew 
the  King  and  the  Queen,  and  had  been 
invited  by  the  Lord  Mayor  to  the  City.  I 
liked  England  better  than  India,  and 
English  women  have  been  very  kind  to  rae. 
I  think  English  women  are  the  handsomest 
in  the  world.  The  girl  in  whose  house  I 
hid,  showed  me  how  to  beg.  She  persuaded 
me  to  turn  Christian,  because  she  thouglit 
that  it  would  do  me  good — so  I  turned 
Christian.  I  do  not  know  what  it  means, 
but  I  am  a  Christian,  and  have  been  for 
many  years,  I  married  that  girl  for  some 
time.  I  have  been  married  several  times. 
I  do  not  mean  to  say  that  I  have  ever  been 
to  church  as  rich  folks  do  ;  but  I  have  been 
married  without  that.  Sometimes  I  do 
well,  and  sometimes  badly.  I  often  get  a 
pound  or  two  by  interpreting.     I  am  not 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  tOOlL 


U^ 


at  all  afraid  of  meeting  any  Indian  who 
knew  me,  for  if  they  said  anything  I  did 
not  like,  I  should  call  out  "Police!"  I 
know  the  law  better  than  I  did.  Every 
thing  is  free  in  England.  You  can  do  what 
you  like,  if  you  can  pay,  or  are  not  found 
out.  I  do  not  like  policemen.  After  the 
mutiny  in  1857  I  did  very  badly.  No  one 
would  look  at  a  poor  Indian  then — much 
less  give  to  him.  I  knew  that  the  English 
v»^ould  put  it  down  soon,  because  I  know 
what  those  rascals  over  there  are  like.  1 
am  living  now  in  Charles  Street,  Drury 
Lane.  I  have  been  married  to  my  present 
wife  six  years.  We  have  three  children 
and  one  dead.  My  eldest  is  now  in  the 
hospital  with  a  bad  arm.  I  swept  a  cross- 
ing for  two  years  ;  that  was  just  before  the 
mutiny.  All  that  knew  me  used  to  chaff 
me  about  it,  and  call  me  Johnny  Sepoy. 
My  present  wife  is  Irish,  and  fought  two 
women  about  it.  They  were  taken  to  Bow- 
street  by  a  policeman,  but  the  judge  would 
not  hear  them.  My  wife  is  a  very  good 
wife  to  me,  but  she  gets  drunk  too  often. 
If  it  were  not  for  that,  I  should  like  her 
better.  I  ran  away  from  her  once,  but  she 
came  after  me  with  all  the  children.  Some- 
times I  make  twelve  shillings  a  week.  I 
could  make  much  more  by  interpreting, 
but  I  do  not  like  to  go  among  the  nasty 
natives  of  my  country.  I  believe  I  am 
more  than  fifty  years  of  age." 

Negro  Beggars. 

The  negro  beggar  so  nearly  resembles 
the  Hindoo  that  what  I  have  said  of  one, 
I  could  almost  say  of  the  other.  I'here  are, 
however,  these  points  of  difference.  The 
negro  mendicant,  who  is  usually  an  Ameri- 
can negro,  never  studies  the  picturesque 
in  his  attire.  He  relies  on  the  abject 
misery  and  down-trodden  despair  of  his 
appearance,  and  generally  represents  him- 
self as  a  fugitive  slave — with  this  excep- 
tion, his  methods  of  levying  contributions 
are  precisely  the  same  as  his  lighter- 
skinned  brother's. 

Some  years  ago  it  was  a  common  thing 
to  see  a  negro  with  tracts  in  his  hand,  and 
a  placard  upon  his  breast,  upon  which  was 
a  wood-cut  of  a  black  man,  kneeling,  his 
wrists  heavily  chained,  his  arms  held  high 
in  supphcation,  and  round  the  picture, 
forming  a  sort  of  proscenium  or  frame,  the 
words  :  *' Am  I  not  a  man  and  a  brother  ?" 
At  the  time  that  the  suppression  of  the 
slave  trade  created  so  much  excitement, 
this  was  so  excellent  a  "  dodge  "  that  many 
white  beggars,  fortunate  enough  to  possess 
a  flattish  or  turned-up  nose,  dyed  themselves 
hlack  and  "  stood  pad "  as   real  Africans, 


The  imposture,  however,  was  soon  detected 
and  punished. 

There  are  but  few  negro  beggars  to  b  e 
seen  now.  It  is  only  common  fairness  to 
say  that  negroes  seldom,  if  ever,  shirk 
work.  Their  only  trouble  is  to  obtain  it. 
Those  who  have  seen  the  many  negroes 
employed  in  Liverpool,  will  know  that  they 
are  hard-working,  patient,  and,  too  often, 
underpaid.  A  negro  will  sweep  a  crossing, 
run  errands,  black  boots,  clean  knives  and 
forks,  or  dig,  for  a  crust  and  a  few  pence. 
The  few  impostors  among  them  are  to  be 
found  among  those  who  go  about  giving 
lectures  on  the  horrors  of  slavery,  and 
singing  variations  on  the  "escapes"  in 
that  famous  book  '  Uncle  Tom's  Cabin.' 
Negro  servants  are  seldom  read  of  in 
police  reports,  and  are  generally  found  to 
give  satisfaction  to  their  employers.  In 
the  east  end  of  London  negro  beggars  are 
to  be  met  with,  but  they  are  seldom  beg- 
gars by  profession.  Whenever  they  are 
out  of  work  they  have  no  scruples,  but 
50  into  the  streets,  take  off  their  hats,  and 
eg  directly. 

1  was  accosted  by  one  in  Whitechapel, 
fi'om  whom  I  obtained  the  following  state- 
ment : — 

"My  father  was  a  slave,  so  was  my 
mother.  I  have  heard  my  father  say  so.  I 
have  heard  them  tell  how  they  got  away, 
but  I  forget  all  about  it.  It  was  before  I 
was  born.  I  am  the  eldest  son.  I  had 
only  one  brother.  Three  years  after  his 
birth  my  mother  died.  My  father  was  a 
shoe-black  in  New  York.  He  very  often 
had  not  enough  to  eat.  My  brother  got  a 
place  as  a  servant,  but  I  went  out  in  the 
streets  to  do  what  I  could.  About  the 
same  time  that  my  father,  who  was  an  old 
man,  died,  my  brother  lost  his  place.  We 
agreed  to  come  to  England  together.  My 
brother  had  been  living  with  some  Bri- 
tishers, and  he  had  heard  them  say  that 
over  here  niggers  were  as  good  as  whites  ; 
and  that  the  whites  did  not  look  down  on 
them  and  illtreat  them,  as  they  do  in 
New  York.  We  went  about  and  got  odd 
jobs  on  the  quay,  and  at  last  we  hid  our- 
selves in  the  hold  of  a  vessel,  bound  for 
Liverpool.  I  do  not  know  how  long  we 
were  hid,  but  I  remember  we  were  terribly 
frightened  lest  we  should  be  found  out 
before  the  ship  got  under  weigh.  At  last 
hunger  forced  us  out,  and  we  rapped  at 
the  hatches  ;  at  first  we  were  not  heard, 
but  when  we  shouted  out,  they  opened 
the  hatches,  and  took  us  on  deck.  They 
flogged  us  very  severely,  and  treated  us 
shamefully  all  the  voyage.  When  we  got 
to  Liverpool,  we  begged  and  got  odd  jobs. 


42o 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOH. 


At  last  we  got  engaged  in  a  travelling 
circus,  where  we  were  servants,  and  used 
to  ride  about  with  the  band  in  beautiful 
dresses,  but  the  grooms  treated  us  so 
cruelly  that  we  were  forced  to  run  away 
from  that.  1  forget  the  name  of  the  place 
that  we  were  performing  at,  but  it  was  not 
a  day's  walk  from  London.  We  begged 
about  for  some  time.  At  last,  my  brother — 
his  name  is  Aaron — got  to  clean  the  knives 
and  forks  at  a  slap-bang  (an  eating-house) 
in  the  city.  He  was  very  fortunate,  and 
used  to  save  some  bits  for  me.  He  never 
takes  any  notice  of  me  now.  He  is  doing 
very  well.  He  lives  with  a  great  gentleman 
in  Hare  wood-square,  and  has  a  coat  with 
silver  buttons,  and  a  gold-laced  hat.  He 
is  very  proud,  and  1  do  not  think  would 
speak  to  me  if  he  saw  me.  I  don't  know 
how  I  live,  or  how  much  I  get  a  week.  1 
do  porter's  v/ork  mostly,  but  I  do  anything 
I  can  get.  I  beg  more  than  half  the  year, 
I  have  no  regular  lodging.  I  sleep  where 
I  can.  When  I  am  in  luck,  I  have  a  bed. 
It  costs  me  threepence.  At  some  places 
they  don't  care  to  take  a  man  of  colour  in. 
1  sometimes  get  work  in  Newgate-market, 
carrying  meat,  but  not  often.  Ladies  give 
me  halfpence  oftener  than  men.  The 
butchers  call  me  '  Othello,'  and  ask  me 
why  I  killed  my  wife.  I  have  tried  to  get 
aboard  a  ship,  but  they  won't  have  me.  1 
don't  know  how  old  I  am,  but  I  know  that 
when  we  got  to  I^ondon,  it  was  the  time 
the  Great  Exhibition  was  about.  I  can  lift 
almost  any  weight  when  I  have  had  a  bit 
of  something  to  eat.  I  don't  care  for  beer. 
I  like  rum  best,  I  have  often  got  drunk, 
but  never  when  I  paid  for  it  myself." 


The  following  cases  of  genuine  distress 
fell  under  my  notice.  My  readers  will  ob- 
serve the  difference  of  tone,  the  absence  of 
clap-trap,  and  desire  to  enlarge  upon  a 
harrowing  fact  of  those  unfortunates  who 
have  been  reduced  to  beggary,  compared 
with  the  practised  shuffle  and  conventional 
whine  of  the  mendicant  by  profession. 

I  was  standing  with  a  friend  at  the 
counter  of  a  tavern  in  Oxford  Street,  when 
a  man  came  in  and  asked  me  to  help  him 
with  a  penny. 

I  saw  at  a  glance  that  he  was  a  workman 
at  some  hard-working  trade.  His  face  was 
bronzed,  and  his  large,  hard  hands  were 
unmistakably  the  hands  of  a  labourer.  He 
kept  his  eyes  fixed  on  me  as  he  spoke,  and 
begged  with  a  short  pipe  in  his  mouth. 

I  asked  him  if  he  would  have  some  beer? 

'•  Thank  ye,  sir,  I  don't  want  beer  so  much 
as  I  want  a  penny  loaf.     I  haven't  tasted 


since  morn,  and  I'm  not  the  man  I  wag 
fifteen  year  ago,  and  I  feel  it." 

"  Will  you  have  some  bread-and-cheese 
and  beerV"  I  asked. 

*'  Thank  ye,  sir  ;  bread-and-cheese  and 
beer,  and  thank  ye,  sir ;  for  I'm  beginning 
to  feel  I  want  something." 

I  asked  the  man  several  questions,  and 
he  made  the  following  statement : — 

"  I'm  a  miner,  sir,  and  I've  been  working 
lately  five  mile  from  Castleton  in  Darby- 
shire.  Why  did  I  leave  it  ?  L)o  you  want 
me  to  tell  the  truth,  now — the  real  truth  ? 
Well  then  I'll  tell  you  the  real  truth.  I  got 
drunk — you  asked  me  for  the  real  truth, 
and  now  you've  got  it.  I've  been  a  miner 
all  my  life,  and  been  engaged  in  all  the 
great  public  works.  I  call  a  miner  a  man 
as  can  sink  a  shaft  in  anything,  barring  he's 
not  stopped  by  water.  I've  got  a  wife  and 
two  children.  I  left  them  at  Castleton. 
They're  all  right.  I  left  them  some  money, 
I've  worked  in  eighteen  inches  o'  coal.  I 
mean  in  a  chamber  only  eighteen  inches 
wide.  You  lay  on  your  side  and  pick  like 
this.  (Here  he  threw  himself  on  the  floor, 
and  imitated  the  action  of  a  coal-miner 
with  his  pick.)  I've  worked  under  young 
Mr.  Brunei  very  often.  He  were  not  at  all 
a  gentleman  unlike  you,  sir,  only  he  were 
darker.  My  last  wages  was  six  shilling  a- 
day.  I  expect  soon  to  be  in  work  again, 
for  I  know  lots  o'  miners  in  London,  and  I 
know  where  they  want  hands.  I  could  get 
a  bed  and  a  shilling  this  minute  if  I  knew 
where  my  mates  lived  ;  but  to-day,  when  I 
got  to  the  place  where  they  work,  they'd 
gone  home,  and  I  couldn't  find  out  in  what 
part  of  London  they  lived.  We  miners 
always  assist  each  other,  when  we're  on 
the  road.  I've  worked  in  lead  and  coi^per, 
sir,  as  well  as  coal,  and  have  been  a  very 
good  man  in  my  time.  I  am  just  forty 
year  old,  and  I  think  I've  used  myself  too 
much  when  I  were  young.  I  knows  the 
Cornish  mines  well.  I'm  sure  to  get  work 
in  the  course  of  the  week,  for  I'm  well 
known  to  many  on  'em  up  at  Netting  Hill. 
1  once  worked  in  a  mine  where  there  were  a 
pressure  of  fifty  pound  to  the  square  foot 
of  air.  You  have  to  take  your  time  about 
everything  you  do  there — you  can't  work 
hard  in  a  place  like  that.  Thank  you,  sir, 
much  obliged  to  you," 

One  evening  in  the  parish  of  Marylebono 
an  old  man  who  was  selling  lucifer- matches 
put  his  finger  to  his  forehead,  and  offered 
me  a  box.  *'  Ha'penny  a  box,  sir,"  he 
said. 

I  told  him  to  follow  me  ;  an  old  woman 
also  accompanied  us.  He  made  the  follow- 
ino:  statement ; — 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


427 


"My  name  is  John  Wood — that's  my 
wife.  I  am  sixty-five  years  of  age;  she's 
seventy-five — ten  years  oJder  tlian  1  am. 
I  kept  a  shop  round  this  street,  sir,  four- 
and-twenty  years.  I've  got  a  settlement 
in  this  parish,  but  we  neither  of  us  hke  to 
go  into  the  union — they'd  separate  us,  and 
we  hke  to  be  together  for  the  httle  time 
we  shall  be  here.  The  reason  we  went  to 
the  bad  was,  I  took  a  shop  at  Woohvich,  and 
the  very  week  I  opened  it,  I  don't  know 
how  many  hundred  men  were  not  dis- 
charged from  the  Arsenal  and  Dockyard. 
1  lost  £350  there  ;  after  that  we  tried  many 
things  ;  but  everything  failed.  This  is  not 
a  living.  I  stood  four  hours  last  night, 
and  took  tv.'opence-ha'penny.  We  lodge 
in  Warde's  Buildings.  We  pay  one  and 
ninepence  a- week.  We've  got  sticks  of 
our  own, — that  is  a  bed,  and  a  table.  We 
are  both  of  us  half-starved.  It  is  hard  — 
very  hard.  I'm  as  weak  as  a  rat,  and  so  is  my 
wdfe.  We've  tried  to  d.o  something  better, 
but  we  can't.  If  I  could  get  some  of  the 
folks  that  once  knew  me  to  assist  me,  I 
might  buy  a  few  things,  and  make  a  living 
out  of  them.  We've  been  round  to  'em  to 
ask  'em,  but  they  don't  seem  inclined  to 
help  us.  People  don't,  sir,  when  you're 
poor.  I  used  to  feel  that  myself  one  time, 
but  I  know  better  now.  Good  night,  sir, 
and  thank  you." 

In  the  same  neighbourhood  I  saw  an 
elderly  man  who  looked  as  if  he  would  beg 
of  me  if  he  dared.  I  turned  round  to  look 
at  him,  and  saw  that  his  eyes  were  red  as 
if  with  crying,  and  that  he  carried  a  rag  in 
his  hand  with  which  he  kept  dabbing  them. 
I  gave  him  a  few  pence. 

"  Thank  you,  sir,"  he  said  ;  "  God  bless 
you.  Excuse  me,  sir,  but  my  eyes  is  bad — 
I  suffer  from  the  erysipelas — that  is  what 
brought  me  to  this.  Kindness  rather  over- 
coroes  me — I've  not  been  much  used  to  it 
of  late." 

He  made  the  following  statement : 

"  I  have  been  a  gentleman's  servant, 
sir,  but  I  lost  my  place  through  the  erysi- 
pelas. I  was  mad  with  it,  and  confined  in 
Bedlam  for  four  years.     The  last  place  I 

was  in  service  at  was  Sir  H H 's 

(he  mentioned   the  name  of  an  eminent 

banker).     Sir  H ■  was  very  kind  to  me. 

I  clean  his  door-plate  now,  for  which  I  get 
a  shilling  a-week — that's  ail  the  dependence 
I  have  nov/.     The  servants  behave  bad  to 

me.     Sir  H said  that  I  was  to  go  into 

the  kitchen  now  and  then  ;  but  they  never 
give  me  anything.  I  don't  get  half  enough 
to  eat,  and  it  makes  me  very  weak.  I'm 
weak  enough  naturally,  and  going  without 
makes  me  worse.     I  lodge  over  in  West- 


minster. I  pay  threepence  a-night,  or 
eighteenpence  a-week.  There  are  three 
others  in  the  same  room  as  me.  I  hold 
horses  sometimes,  and  clean  knives  and 
forks  when  I  can  get  it  to  do  ;  but  pe()i)le 
hke  younger  men  than  me  to  do  odd  jobs. 
1  can't  do  things  quick  enough,  and  I'm  so 
nervous  that  I  ain't  handy.  I  can  go  into 
the  workhouse,  and  I  think  I  shall  in  the 
winter  ;  but  the  confinement  of  it  is  terrible 
to  me.  I'd  like  to  keep  out  of  it  if  I  can. 
My  shilhng  a-week  don't  pay  my  rent,  and 
I  find  it  very  hard  to  get  on  at  all.  No- 
body can  tell  what  I  go  through.  I  suppose 
I  must  go  into  the  w^orkhouse  at  last. 
They're  not  over  kind  to  you  when  you're 
in.  Every  day  the  first  thing  I  try  to  get 
is  the  threepence  for  my  lodging.  I  pay 
nightly,  then  I  don't  have  anything  to  pay 
on  Sundays,  I  don't  know  any  trade  ; 
gentlemen's  servants  never  do.  I  used  to 
have  the  best  of  everything  when  I  was  in 
service.  God  bless  you,  sir,  and  thank 
you.     I'm  very  much  obliged  to  you. 

DISASTER  BEGGARS. 

This  class  of  street  beggars  includes  ship- 
wrecked mariners,  blown-up  miners,  burnt- 
out  tradesmen,  and  lucifer  droppers.  The 
majority  of  them  are  impostors,  as  is  the 
case  with  all  beggars  who  pursue  begging 
pertinaciously  and  systematically.  There 
are  no  doubt  genuine  cases  to  be  met  with, 
but  they  are  very  few,  and  they  rarely  ob 
trude  themselves.  Of  the  shipwrecked 
muriners  I  have  already  given  examples 
imder  the  head  of  Naval  and  Military  Beg- 
gars. Another  class  of  them,  to  which  i 
have  not  referred,  is  familiar  to  the  Lon- 
don public  in  connection  with  rudely  exe- 
cuted paintings  representing  either  a  ship- 
wreck, or  more  commonly  the  destruction 
of  a  boat  by  a  whale  in  the  North  Seas, 
This  painting  they  spread  upon  the  pave- 
ment, fixing  it  at  the  corners,  if  the  day  be 
windy,  with  stones.  There  are  generally 
two  men  in  attendance,  and  in  most  cases 
one  of  the  two  has  lost  an  arm  or  a  leg. 
Occasionally  both  of  them  have  the  ad- 
vantage of  being  deprived  of  cither  one  or 
two  limbs.  Their  misfortune  so  far  is  not 
to  be  questioned.  A  man  who  has  lost 
both  arms,  or  even  one,  is  scarcely  in  a 
position  to  earn  his  living  by  labour,  and 
is  therefore  a  fit  object  for  charity.  It  is 
found,  however,  that  in  most  instances  the 
stories  of  their  misfortunes  printed  under- 
neath their  pictures  are  simply  inventions, 
and  very  often  the  pretended  sailor  has 
never  been  to  sea  at  all.  In  one  case  which 
I  specially  investigated,  the  man  had  been 
a  bricklayer,  and  had  broken  both  his  arms 


428 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


by  falling  from  a  scaffold.  He  received 
some  little  compensation  at  the  time,  but 
when  that  was  spent  he  went  into  the 
streets  to  beg,  carrying  a  paper  on  his 
breast  describing  the  cause  of  his  misfor- 
tune. His  first  efforts  were  not  success- 
ful. His  appearance  (dressed  as  he  was  in 
workman's  clothes)  was  not  sufficiently 
picturesque  to  attract  attention,  and  his 
story  was  of  too  ordinary  a  kind  to  excite 
much  interest.  He  had  a  very  hard  life  of 
it  for  some  length  of  time  ;  for,  in  addition 
to  the  drawback  arising  from  the  uninte- 
resting nature  of  his  case,  he  had  had  no 
experience  in  the  art  of  begging,  and  his 
takings  were  barely  sufficient  to  procure 
bread.  From  this  point  I  will  let  him  tell 
his  own  story  : — 

A  Shipwrecked  Mariner. 

"  I  had  only  taken  a  penn}''  all  day,  and 
I  had  had  no  breakfast,  and  I  spent  the 
penny  in  a  loaf.  I  was  three  nights  be- 
hind for  my  lodging,  and  I  knew  the  door 
would  be  shut  in  my  face  if  I  did  not  take 
home  sixpence.  I  thought  I  would  go  to 
the  workhouse,  and  perhaps  I  might  get  a 
supper  and  a  lodging  for  that  night.  I 
was  in  Tottenham  Court-road  by  the  cha- 
pel, and  it  was  past  ten  o'clock.  The  peo23le 
were  thinning  away,  and  there  seemed  no 
chance  of  anything.  So  says  I  to  myself 
I'll  start  down  the  New  Road  to  the  work- 
'ouse.  I  knew  there  was  a  work'ouse  down 
that  way,  for  I  worked  at  a  'ouse  next  it 
once,  and  I  used  to  think  the  old  paupers 
looked  comfortable  like.  It  came  across 
me  all  at  once,  that  I  one  time  said  to  one 
of  my  mates,  as  we  was  sitting  on  the  scaf- 
old,  smoking  our  pipes,  and  looking  over 
the  work'ouse  wall,  '  Jem,  them  old  chaps 
there  seems  to  do  it  pretty  tidy  ;  they  have 
their  soup  and  bread,  and  a  bed  to  lie  on, 
and  their  bit  o'  baccy,  and  they  comes  out 
o'  a  arternoon  and  baskes  in  the  sun,  and 
has  their  chat,  and  don't  seem  to  do  no 
work  to  hurt  'em.'  And  Jem  he  says, 
'  it's  a  great  hinstitooshin,  Enery,'  says  he, 
for  you  see  Jem  was  a  bit  of  a  scollard,  and 
could  talk  just  like  a  book.  '  I  don't  know 
about  a  hinstitooshin,  Jem,'  says  I,  'but 
what  I  does  know  is  that  a  man  might  do 
wuss  nor  goe  in  there  and  have  his  grub 
and  his  baccy  regular,  without  nought  to 
stress  him,  like  them  old  chaps.'  Some- 
how or  other  that  'ere  conversation  came 
across  me,  and  off  I  started  to  the  work- 
'ouse. When  I  came  to  the  gate  I  saw  a 
lot  of  poor  women  and  children  sitting  on 
the  pavement  round  it.  They  couldn't 
have  been  hungrier  than  me,  but  they  were 
awful  ragged,  and  their  case  looked  wuss. 


I  didn't  like  to  go  in  among  them,  and  I 
watched  a  while  a  little  way  off.  One 
woman  kep  on  ringing  the  bell  for  a  long 
time,  and  nobody  came,  and  then  she  got 
desperate,  and  kep  a-pulling  and  ringing 
like  she  was  mad,  and  at  last  a  fat  man  came 
out  and  swore  at  her  and  drove  them  all 
away.  I  didn't  think  there  was  much 
chance  for  me  if  they  druv  away  women 
and  kids,  and  such  as  them,  but  1  thought 
I  would  try  as  I  was  a  cripple,  and  had  lost 
both  my  arms.  So  I  stepped  across  the 
road,  and  was  just  agoing  to  try  and  pull 
the  bell  with  my  two  poor  stumps  when 
some  one  tapped  me  on  the  shoulder.  I 
turned  round  and  saw  it  was  a  sailor-like 
man,  without  ne'er  an  arm  like  myself, 
only  his  were  cut  off  short  at  the  shoulder. 
'  What  are  you  agoing  to  do  ?'  says  he,  '  I 
was  agoing  to  trv  and  ring  the  work'ouse 
bell,' says  I.  '  What  for  r  says  he.  'To 
ask  to  be  took  in,'  says  I.  And  then  the 
sailor  mau  looks  at  me  in  a  steady  kind  of 
way,  and  says,  '  Want  to  get  into  the  work- 
'ouse, and  you  got  ne'er  an  arm  ?  Your'e 
a  infant,'  says  he.  *  If  you  had  only  lost 
one  on  'em  now,  I  could  forgive  you,  but—' 
'But  surely,'  says  I,  ' it's  a  greater  misfor- 
tune to  lose  two  nor  one  ;  half  a  loaf's 
better  nor  no  bread,  they  say.'  '  You're  a 
infant,'  says  he  again.  '  One  off  aint  no 
good  ;  both  on  'em's  the  thing.  Have  you 
a  mind  to  earn  a  honest  living,'  says  he, 
quite  sharp.  'I  have,'  says  I;  'anything 
for  a  honest  crust.'  '  Then,'  says  he,  '  come 
along  o'  me.'  So  I  went  with  the  sailor 
man  to  his  lodging  in  Whitechai^el,  and  a 
very  tidy  place  it  was,  and  we  had  beef- 
steaks and  half  a  gallon  o'beer,  and  a  pipe, 
and  then  he  told  me  what  he  wanted  me 
to  do.  I  was  to  dress  like  him  in  a  sailor's 
jacket  and  trousers  and  a  straw  'at,  and 
stand  o'  one  side  of  a  picture  of  a  ship- 
wreck, vile  he  stood  on  the  'tother.  And 
I  consented,  and  he  learned  me  some  sailors' 
patter,  and  at  the  end  of  the  week  he  got 
me  the  togs,  and  then  1  went  out  with 
him.  We  did  only  middlin  the  first  day, 
but  after  a  bit  the  coppers  tumbled  in  like 
winkin'.  It  was  so  affectin'  to  see  two 
mariners  without  ne'er  an  arm  between 
them,  and  we  had  crowds  round  us.  At 
the  end  of  the  week  we  shared  two  pound 
and  seven  shillings,  which  was  more  nor  a 
pound  than  my  mate  ever  did  by  his  self. 
He  always  said  it  was  pilin'  the  hagony  to 
have  two  without  ne'er  an  arm.  My  mate 
used  to  say  to  me,  '  Enery,  if  your  stumps 
had  only  been  a  trifle  shorter,  we  might 
ha'  made  a  fortun  by  this  time  ;  but  you 
waggle  them,  you  see,  and  that  frightens 
the  old  ladies.'     I  did  well  when  Trafalgar 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


429 


Jack  was  alive.  That  was  my  mate,  sir  ; 
but  he  died  of  the  cholera,  and  I  joined 
another  pal  who  had  a  wooden  leg;  but  he 
was  rough  to  the  kids,  and  got  us  both  into 
trouble.  How  do  1  mean  rough  to  the 
kids?  Why,  you  see,  the  kids  used  to 
swarm  round  us  to  look  at  the  pictur 
just  like  flies  round  a  sugar-cask,  and  that 
crabbed  the  business.  My  mate  got  savage 
with  them  sometimes,  and  clouted  their 
heads,  and  one  day  the  mother  o'  one  o' 
the  brats  came  up  a-screaming  awful  and 
give  Timber  Bill,  as  we  called  him,  into 
custody,  and  he  was  committed  for  a  rogue 
and  vagabond.  Timber  Bill  went  into  the 
nigger  line  arterwards  and  did  well.  You 
may  have  seen  him,  sir.  He  plays  the 
tambourine,  and  dances,  and  the  folks 
laugli  at  his  wooden  leg,  and  the  coppers 
come  in  in  style.  Yes,  I'm  still  in  the  old 
line,  but  it's  a  bad  business  nov/." 

Blown-up  Miners. 

These  are  simply  a  variety  of  the  large 
class  of  beggars  who  get  their  living  in  the 
streets,  chiefly  by  frequenting  public-houses 
and  whining  a  tale  of  distress.  The  impos- 
tors among  them — and  they  are  by  far  the 
greater  number — do  not  keep  np  the  cha- 
racter of  blown-up  miners  all  the  year 
round,  but  time  the  assumption  to  suit 
some  disaster  which  may  give  colour  to 
their  tale.  After  a  serious  coal-mine  acci- 
dent "blown-up  miners"  swarm  in  such 
numbers  all  over  the  town  that  one  might 
suppose  the  whole  of  the  coal-hands  of  the 
north  had  been  blown  south  by  one  ex- 
plosion. The  blown-up  miner  has  the 
general  appearance  of  a  navvy ;  he  wears 
njoleskin  trousers  turned  up  nearly  to  the 
knees,  a  pair  of  heavy-laced  boots,  a  sleeved 
waistcoat,  and  commonly  a  shapeless  felt 
liat  of  the  wide-awake  fashion.  He  wears 
his  striped  shirt  open  at  the  neck,  showing 
a  weather -browned  and  brawny  chest.  The 
state  of  his  hands  and  the  colour  of  his 
skin  show  that  he  has  been  accustomed  to 
liard  work,  but  his  healthy  look  and  fresh 
colour  give  the  lie  direct  to  his  statement 
that  he  has  spent  nearly  the  whole  of  his 
life  in  working  in  the  dark  many  hundred 
feet  beneath  the  surface  of  the  earth. 
Many  of  them  do  not  j^retend  that  they 
have  been  injured  by  the  explosion  of  the 
mine,  but  only  that  they  have  been  thrown 
out  of  work.  These  are  mostly  excavators 
and  bricklayers'  labourers,  who  are  out  of 
employ  in  consequence  of  a  stoppage  of 
the  works  on  which  they  have  been  en- 
gaged, or  more  often,  as  1  have  proved  by 
inquiry,  in  consequence  of  their  own  mis- 
conduct  in   getting   drunk  and  absenting 


themselves  from  their  labour.  These  im- 
postors are  easily  detected.  If  you  cross- 
question  them  as  to  the  truth  of  their 
stories,  and  refer  to  names  and  places 
which  they  ought  to  be  acquainted  with  if 
their  representations  were  genuine,  they 
become  insolent  and  move  away  from  you. 
There  are  others,  however,  who  are  more 
artful,  and  whose  tales  are  borne  out  by 
every  external  appearance,  and  also  by  a 
complete  knowledge  of  the  places  whence 
they  pretend  to  have  come.  These  men, 
though  sturdy  and  horny-fisted,  have  a 
haggard,  pallid  look,  which  seems  to  accord 
well  with  the  occupation  of  the  miner. 
They  can  converse  about  mining  opera- 
tions, they  describe  minutely  the  inci- 
dents of  the  accident  by  which  they  suf- 
fered, and  they  have  the  names  of  coal- 
owners  and  gangsmen  ever  ready  on  their 
tongues.  In  addition  to  this  they  bare 
some  part  of  their  bodies — the  leg  or  the 
arm — and  show  you  what  looks  like  a  huge 
scald  or  burn.  These  are  rank  impostors, 
denizens  of  Wcntworth-street  and  Brick- 
lane,  and  who  were  never  nearer  to  York- 
shire than  Mile-end  gate  in  their  lives. 
Having  met  with  one  or  two  specimens 
of  "  real  "  distressed  miners,  I  can  speak 
with  great  certainty  of  the  characteristics 
which  mark  out  the  impostor.  For  many 
years  past  there  has  always  been  an  abun- 
dance of  work  for  miners  and  navigators  ; 
indeed  the  labour  of  the  latter  has  often 
been  at  a  premium  ;  cases  of  distress  arise 
among  them  only  from  two  causes— ill- 
health  and  bodily  disaster.  If  they  are  in 
health  and  found  begging  it  is  invariably 
during  a  long  journey  from  one  part  of  the 
country  to  another.  The  look  and  manner 
of  these  miners  forbids  the  idea  of  their 
being  systematic  mendicants  or  impostors. 
They  want  something  to  help  them  on  the 
road,  and  they  will  be  as  grateful  for  a 
hunck  of  bread  and  cheese  as  for  money. 
If  you  cross-question  these  men  they  never 
show  an  uncomfortable  sense  of  being 
under  examination,  but  answer  you  frankly 
as  if  you  were  merely  holding  a  friendly 
conversation  with  them.  Miners  are  very 
charitable  to  each  other,  and  they  think  it 
no  shame  to  seek  aid  of  their  betters  when 
they  really  need  it.  Of  the  device  called 
the  "  scaldrum  dodge,"  by  which  beggars 
of  this  class  produce  artificial  sores,  1  shall 
have  to  treat  by-and-bye. 

Burnt-out  Tradesmen. 

With  many  begging  impostors  the  as- 
sumption of  the  "  burnt-out  tradesman  " 
is  simply  a  change  of  character  to  suit  cir- 
cumstances ;  with  others  it  is  a  fixed  and 


430 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


settled  role.  The  burnt-out  tradesman 
does  not  beg  in  the  streets  by  day ;  he 
comes  out  at  night,  and  his  favourite 
haunts  are  the  private  bars  of  public- 
liousos  frequented  by  good  company.  Jn 
the  day-time  he  begs  by  a  petition,  which 
he  leaves  at  the  houses  of  charitable  persons 
with  an  intimation  that  he  will  call  again 
in  an  hour.  In  the  evening  he  is  made 
up  for  his  part.  He  lurks  about  a  public- 
house  until  he  sees  a  goodly  company 
assembled  in  the  private  bar,  and  then, 
when  the  "gents,"  as  he  calls  them,  appear 
to  be  getting  happy  and  comfortable,  he 
suddenly  appears  among  them,  and  moves 
them  by  the  striking  contrast  which  his 
personal  appearance  and  condition  offers 
to  theirs.  Like  many  others  of  his  class 
he  has  studied  human  nature  to  some 
purpose,  and  he  knows  at  a  glance  the 
natures  with  which  he  has  to  deal.  Noisy 
and  thoughtless  young  men,  like  clerks  and 
shopmen,  he  avoids.  They  are  generally 
too  much  occupied  with  themselves  to 
think  of  him  or  his  misfortunes  ;  and 
having  had  no  experience  of  a  responsible 
position,  the  case  of  a  reduced  tradesman 
does  not  come  home  to  them.  A  quiet 
and  sedate  company  of  middle-aged  trades- 
men best  suits  his  purpose.  They  know 
the  difficulties  and  dangers  of  trade,  and 
maybe  there  are  some  of  them  who  are 
conscious  that  ruin  is  impending  over 
themselves.  To  feeling  men  of  this  class 
it  is  a  terrible  shock  to  see  a  man,  who  has 
once  been  well-to-do  like  themselves,  re- 
duced to  get  a  living  by  begging.  1  he 
burnt-out  tradesman's  appearance  gives 
peculiar  force  to  his  appeal.  He  is  dressed 
in  a  suit  of  black,  greasy  and  thread- 
bare, which  looks  like  the  last  shreds  of 
the  dress  suit  which  he  wore  on  high  days 
and  holidays,  when  he  was  thriving  and 
prosperous.  His  black  satin  stock,  too, 
is  evidently  a  relict  of  better  days.  His 
hat  is  almost  napless ;  but  it  is  well 
brushed — indicating  care  and  neatness  on 
the  part  of  its  owner.  His  shoes  are  mere 
shapeless  envelopes  of  leather,  but  the 
uppers  are  carefully  polished,  and  the 
strings  neatly  tied.  When  the  burnt-out 
tradesman  enters  a  bar  he  allows  his  ap- 
pearance to  have  its  due  effect  before  he 
opens  his  mouth,  or  makes  any  other  de- 
monstration whatever.  In  this  he  seems 
to  imitate  the  practice  of  the  favourite 
comedian,  who  calculates  upon  being  able 
to  bespeak  the  favour  of  his  audience  by 
merely  showing  his  face.  The  beggar, 
after  remaining  motionless  for  a  moment, 
to  allow  the  company  fully  to  contemplate 
his   miserable  appearance,   suddenly  and 


unexpectedly  advances  one  of  his  hands, 
which  until  now  has  been  concealed  be- 
hind his  coat,  and  exposes  to  view  a  box 
of  matches.  Nothing  can  surpass  the 
artistic  skill  of  this  mute  ap23eal.  The 
respectable  look,  and  the  poor,  worn 
clohes,  first  of  all — the  patient,  broken- 
hearted glance  accompanied  by  a  gentle 
sigh— and  then  the  box  of  matches  !  What 
need  of  a  word  spoken.  Can  you  not  read 
the  whole  history?  Once  a  prosperous 
tradesman,  the  head  of  a  family,  surrounded 
by  many  friends.  Now,  through  misfor- 
tune, cast  out  of  house  and  home,  deserted 
by  his  friends,  and  reduced  to  wander  the 
streets  and  sell  matches  to  get  his  children 
bread.  Reduced  to  sell  paltry  matches  ! 
he  who  was  in  a  large  way  once,  and  kept 
clerks  to  register  his  wholesale  transac- 
tions !  It  is  seldom  that  this  artist  re- 
quires to  speak.  No  words  will  move  men 
who  can  resist  so  powerful  an  appeal. 
When  he  does  speak  he  does  not  require 
to  say  more  than — "  I  am  an  unfortunate 
tradesman,  who  lost  everything  I  possessed 
in  the  world  by  a  disastrous  tire — "  Here 
the  halfpence  interrupt  his  story,  and  he 
has  no  need  to  utter  another  word,  except 
to  mutter  his  humble  thanks. 

There  are  a  great  many  beggars  of  this 
class,  and  they  nearly  all  pursue  the  same 
method.  They  are  most  successful  among 
tradesmen  of  the  middle  class,  and  among 
the  poor  working  people.  One  of  them 
told  me  that  the  wives  of  working  men 
were,  according  to  his  experience,  the  most 
tender-hearted  in  London.  "  The  upper 
classes,  the  swells,  aint  no  good,"  he  said  ; 
"  they  subscribe  to  the  Mendicity  Society, 
and  they  thinks  every  beggar  an  imposture. 
The  half-and-half  swells,  shopmen  and  the 
likes,  aint  got  no  hearts,  and  they  aint  got 
no  money,  and  what's  the  good.  Trades- 
men that  aint  over  well  off  have  a  fellow 
feeling  ;  but  the  workmen's  wives  out  a- 
marketing  of  a  Saturday  night  are  no 
trouble.  They  always  carries  coppers — 
change  out  of  sixpence  or  a  something — 
in  their  hands,  and  when  I  goes  in  where 
they  are  a  havin'  their  daffies — that's  drops 
o'  gin,  sir — they  looks  at  me,  and  says, 
'  Poor  man  !'  and  drops  the  coppers,  what- 
ever it  is,  into  m.y  hand,  and  p'raps  asks 
me  to  have  a  half-pint  o'  beer  besides. 
They're  good  souls,  the  workmen's  wives." 

There  is  a  well-known  beggar  of  this 
class  who  dresses  in  a  most  unexception- 
able manner.  His  black  clothes  are  K.ew 
and  glossy,  his  hat  and  boots  are  good,  and 
to  heighten  the  effect  he  wears  a  spotless 
white  choker.  He  is  known  at  the  west 
end   by    tlie    name    of    the    "Bishop    of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOIL 


431 


London."  His  aspect  is  decidedly  clerical. 
He  has  a  fat  face,  a  double  chin,  his  hat 
turns  up  extensively  at  the  brim,  and,  as  I 
have  said,  he  wears  a  white  neck-cloth. 
When  he  enters  a  bar  the  company  inm- 
gine  that  he  is  about  to  order  a  bottle  of 
champagne  at  least;  but  when  he  looks 
round  and  produces  the  inevitable  box  of 
matches,  the  first  impression  gives  way 
either  to  compassion  or  extreme  wonder. 
So  far  as  my  experience  ser\^es  me,  this 
dodge  is  not  so  successful  as  the  one  I  have 
just  described.  A  person  with  the  most 
ordinary  reasoning  powers  must  know  that 
a  man  who  possesses  clothes  like  those 
need  not  be  in  want  of  bread  ;  but  if  the 
power  of  reasoning  were  universally  allotted 
to  mankind,  there  would  be  a  poor  chance 
for  the  professional  beggar.  There  never 
was  a  time  or  place  in  which  there  were 
not  to  be  found  men  anxious  to  avoid 
labour,  and  yet  to  live  in  ease  and  enjoy- 
ment, and  there  never  was  a  time  in  which 
other  men  were  not,  from  their  sympathy, 
their  fears,  or  their  superstition,  ready  to 
assist  the  necessitous,  or  those  who  ap- 
])eared  to  be  so,  and  liable  to  be  imposed 
upon  or  intimidated,  according  as  the 
beggar  is  crafty  or  bold. 

As  a  rule  the  burnt-out  tradesmen  whom 
I  have  described  are  impostors,  who  make 
more  by  begging  than  many  of  those  who 
relieve  them  earn  by  hard  and  honest 
labour.  The  petitions  which  they  leave 
at  houses  are  very  cleverly  drawn  out.  They 
are  generally  the  composition  of  the  pro- 
fessional screevers,  whose  practices  I  shall 
have  to  describe  by-and-by.  They  have  a 
circumstantial  account  of  the  fire  by  which 
the  applicant  "lost  his  all,"  and  sometimes 
furnish  an  inventory  of  the  goods  that 
were  destroyed.  They  are  attested  by  the 
names  of  clergymen,  churchwardens,  and 
other  responsible  persons,  whose  signatures 
are  imitated  with  consummate  art  in  every 
variety  of  ink.  Some  specimens  of  these 
petitions  and  begging  letters  will  be  found 
under  the  head  of  "  Dependants  of 
Beggars." 

Lucifer  Droppers. 

The  lucifer  droj^pers  are  impostors  to  a 
man — to  a  boy — to  a  girl.  Men  seldom, 
if  ever,  practise  this  "  dodge."  It  is  chil- 
dren's work  ;  and  the  artful  way  in  which 
boys  and  girls  of  tender  years  pursue  it, 
shows  how  systematically  the  seeds  of 
mendicancy  and  crime  are  implanted  in  the 
hearts  of  the  young  Arab  tribes  of  London. 
The  artfulness  of  this  device  is  of  the  most 
diabolical  kind ;  for  it  trades  not  alone 
upon  deception,  but  upon  exciting  sym- 


pathy with  the  guilty  at  the  expense  of 
the  innocent.  A  boy  or  a  girl  takes  up  a 
position  on  the  pavement  of  a  busy  street, 
such  as  Cheapside  or  the  Strand.  He,  or 
she — it  is  generally  a  girl — carries  a  box  or 
two  of  lucifer  matches,  which  she  offers  for 
sale.  In  passing  to  and  fro  she  artfully 
contrives  to  get  in  the  way  of  some  gentle- 
man who  is  hurrying  along.  He  knocks 
against  her  and  upsets  the  matches  which 
fall  in  the  mud.  The  girl  immediatelv 
begins  to  ciy  and  howl.  The  bystanders, 
who  are  ignorant  of  the  trick,  exclain-j  in 
indignation  against  the  gentleman  who 
has  caused  a  poor  girl  such  serious  loss, 
and  the  result  is  that  either  the  gentleman, 
to  escape  being  hooted,  or  the  ignorant 
passers-by,  in  false  compassion,  give  the 
girl  money.  White  peppermint  lozenges 
are  more  often  used  than  lucifers.  It  looks 
a  hopeless  case,  indeed,  when  a  trayful  of 
white  lozenges  fall  in  the  mud. 

Bodily  Afflicted  Beggars. 

Beggars  who  excite  charity  by  exhibit- 
ing sores  and  bodily  deformities  are  not  so 
commonly  to  be  met  with  in  London  as 
they  were  some  years  ago.  The  officers  of 
the  Mendicity  Society  have  cleared  the 
streets  of  nearly  all  the  impostors,  and  the 
few  who  remain  are  blind  men  and  cripples. 
Many  of  the  blind  men  are  under  the  pro- 
tection of  a  Society,  which  furnishes  them 
with  books  printed  in  raised  type  which 
they  decipher  by  the  touch.  Others  pro- 
vide their  own  books,  and  are  allowed  to 
sit  on  door  steps  or  in  the  recesses  of  the 
bridges  without  molestation  from  the  po- 
lice. It  has  been  found  on  inquiry  that 
these  afflicted  persons  are  really  what  they 
appear  to  be — poor,  helpless,  bhnd  crea- 
tures, who  are  totally  incapacitated  from 
earning  a  hving,  and  whom  it  would  be 
heartless  cruelty  to  drive  into  the  work- 
house, where  no  provision  is  made^for  their 
peculiar  wants. 

The  bodily  afflicted  beggars  of  London 
exhibit  seven  varieties.  1.  Those  having 
real  or  pretended  sores,  vulgarly  known  as 
the  "  Scaldrum  Dodge."  2.  Having  swollen 
legs.  3.  Being  crippled,  deformed,  maimed, 
or  paralyzed.  4.  Being  blind.  5.  Being 
subject  to  fits.  6.  Being  in  a  decline.  7. 
"Shallow  Coves,"  or  those  who  exhibit 
themselves  in  the  streets,  half-clad,  espe- 
cially in  cold  weather. 

First,  then,  as  to  those  having  real  or 
pretended  sores.  As  I  have  said,  there  are 
few  beggars  of  this  class  left.  When  the 
officers  of  the  Mendicity  Society  first 
directed  their  attention  to  the  suppression 
of  this  form  of  mendicancy,  it  was  found 


432 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOli. 


that  the  great  majority  of  those  who  ex- 
hibit sores  were  unmitigated  impostors. 
Jn  nearly  all  the  cases  investigated  the 
sores  did  not  proceed  from  natural  causes, 
but  were  either  wilfully  produced  or  simu- 
lated. A  few  had  lacerated  their  flesh  in 
reality  ;  but  the  majority  had  resorted  to 
the  less  painful  operation  known  as  the 
"  Scaldrum  DC'dge."  This  consists  in  co- 
vering a  portion  of  the  leg  or  arm  with 
soap  to  the  thickness  of  a  plaister,  and 
then  saturating  the  whole  with  vinegar. 
The  vinegar  causes  the  soap  to  blister  and 
assume  a  festering  appearance,  and  thus 
the  passer-by  is  led  to  believe  that  the 
beggar  is  suftering  from  a  real  sore.  So  well 
does  this  simple  device  simulate  a  sore  that 
the  deception  is  not  to  be  detected  even  by 
close  inspection.  The  "  Scaldrum  Dodge  "  is 
a  trick  of  very  recent  introduction  among 
the  London  beggars.  It  is  a  concomitant 
of  the  advance  of  science  and  the  progress 
of  the  art  of  adulteration.  It  came  in  with 
penny  postage,  daguerreotypes,  and  other 
modern  innovations  of  a  like  description. 
In  less  scientific  periods  within  the  present 
century  it  was  wholly  unknown  ;  and  sores 
were  produced  by  burns  and  lacerations 
which  the  mendicants  inflicted  upon  them- 
selves with  a  ruthless  hand.  An  old  man 
who  has  been  a  beggar  all  his  life,  informed 
me  that  he  had  known  a  man  prick  the 
flesh  of  his  leg  all  over,  in  order  to  produce 
blood  and  give  the  appearance  of  an  ulcer- 
ous desease.  This  man  is  a  cripple  and 
walks  about  upon  crutches,  selling  stay 
laces.  He  is  now  upwards  of  seventy  years 
of  age.  At  my  solicitation  he  made  the 
following  statement  without  any  apparent 
reserve. 

Seventy  Years  a  Beggar. 

"  I  have  been  a  beggar  ever  since  I  was 
that  high — ever  since  I  could  walk.  No, 
I  was  not  born  a  cripple.  I  was  thirty 
years  of  age  before  I  broke  my  leg.  That 
was  an  accident.  A  horse  and  cart  drove 
over  me  in  Westminster.  Well ;  yes  1  was 
drunk.  I  was  able-bodied  enough  before 
that.  I  was  turned  out  to  beg  by  my 
mother.  My  father,  I've. heard,  was  a  sol- 
dier ;  he  went  to  Egypt,  or  some  foreign 
part,  and  never  came  baclv.  I  never  was 
learnt  any  trade  but  begging,  and  I  couldn't 
turn  my  hand  to  nothing  else.  I  might 
have  been  learnt  the  shoemaking;  but 
what  was  the  use  ?  Begging  was  a  better 
trade  then ;  it  isn't  now  though.  There 
was  fine  times  when  the  French  war  was 
on,  I  lived  in  Westminster  then.  A  man 
as  they  called  Copenhagen  Jack,  took  a 
fanc}^  to  me,  and  made  me  his  valet.     I 


waited  upon,  fetched  his  drink,  and  so 
forth.  Copenhagen  Jaclc  was  a  captain ; 
no  not  in  the  army,  nor  in  the  navy 
neither.  He  was  the  captain  of  the  Pye- 
Street  beggars.  There  was  nigh  two  himdred 
of  them  lived  in  two  large  houses,  and  Jack 
directed  them.  Jack's  word  was  law,  I 
assure  you.  The  boys — Jack  called  them 
his  boys,  but  there  was  old  men  among 
them,  and  old  women  too — used  to  come 
up  before  the  captain  every  morning  be- 
fore starting  out  for  the  day,  to  get  their 
orders.  The  captain  divided  out  the  dis- 
tricts for  then],  and  each  man  took  his 
beat  according  to  his  directions.  It  was 
share  and  share  alike,  with  an  extra  for  the 
captain.  There  was  all  manner  of  "lays  " 
yes,  cripples  and  darkies.  We  called  them 
as  did  the  blmd  dodge,  darkies, — and 
"shakers"  them  as  had  fits, — and  ship- 
wrecked mariners,  and  —  the  scaldrum 
dodge,  no  ;  that's  new ;  but  I  know  what 
you  mean.  They  did  the  real  thing  then — 
scrape  the  skin  off"  their  feet  with  a  bit  of 
glass  until  the  blood  came.  Those  were 
fine  times  for  beggars.  I've  known  many 
of  'em  bring  in  as  much  as  thirty  shillings 
a  day,  some  twenty,  some  fifteen.  If  a 
man  brought  home  no  more  than  five  or 
six  sliillmgs,  the  captain  would  enter  him, 
make  a  note  of  him,  and  change  his  beat. 
Yes,  we  lived  well,  I've  known  fifty  sit 
down  to  a  splendid  supper,  geese  and  tur- 
keys, and  all  that,  and  keep  it  up  imtil 
daylight,  with  songs  and  toasts.  No ;  I 
didn't  beg  then  ;  but  I  did  before,  and  I 
did  after,  I  begged  after,  when  the  cap- 
tain came  to  misfortune.  He  went  a  walk- 
king  one  day  in  his  best  clothes,  and  got 
pressed,  and  never  came  back,  and  there 
was  a  mutiny  among  them  in  Pye-Street, 
and  I  nearly  got  murdered.  You  see,  they 
were  jealous  of  me,  because  the  captain 
pettied  me.  I  used  to  dress  in  top-boots 
and  a  red  coat  when  I  waited  on  the  cap- 
tain, it  was  his  fancy.  Romancing  1  I 
don't  know  what  you  mean.  Telling  lies, 
oh !  It's  true  by  — — .  There's  nothing 
like  it  nowadays.     Tlie|  new    pohce    and 

this  b Mendicity  Society  has  spoilt  it 

all.  Well,  they  skinned  me  ;  took  oft"  my 
fine  coat  and  boots,  and  sent  me  out  on 
the  orphan  lay  in  tatters.  I  sat  and 
cried  all  da}''  on  the  door  steps,  for  I  was 
really  miserable  now  my  friend  was  gone, 
and  I  got  lots  of  halfpence,  and  silver  too, 
and  when  I  took  home  the  swag,  they 
danced  round  me  and  swore  that  they 
would  elect  me  captain  if  I  went  on  like 
that ;  but  there  was  a  new  captain  made, 
and  when  they  had  their  fun  out,  he  came 
and  took  the  money  away,  and  kicked  me 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


433 


under  the  table.  I  ran  away  the  next  day, 
and  went  to  a  house  in  St.  Giles's,  where  I 
was  better  treated.  There  was  no  captain 
the4:'e ;  the  landlord  managed  the  house, 
and  nobody  was  master  but  him.  There 
was  nigh  a  hundred  beggars  in  that  house, 
and  some  two  or  three  hundred  more  in 
the  houses  next  it.  The  houses  are  not 
standing  now.  They  were  taken  down 
when  New  Oxford-street  was  built ;  they 
stood  on  the  north  side.  Yes  ;  we  lived  well 
in  St.  Giles's — as  well  as  we  did  in  West- 
minster. I  have  earned  8, 10, 15,  ay,  80  shil- 
lings a  day,  and  more  nor  that  sometimes. 
I  can't  earn  one  shilling  now.  The  folks 
don't  give  as  they  did.  They  think  every 
body  an  imposture  now.  And  then  the 
police  won't  let  you  alone.  No  ;  I  told  you 
before,  I  never  was  anything  else  but  a 
beggar.  How  could  I  ?  It  was  the  trade 
1  was  brought  up  to.  A  man  must  follow 
his  trade.  No  doubt  I  shall  die  a  beggar, 
and  the  parish  will  bury  me." 

Having  Swollen  Legs. 

Beggars  who  lie  on  the  pavement  and 
expose  swollen  legs,  are  very  rarely  to  be 
met  with  now.  The  imposture  has  been 
entirely  suppressed  by  the  police  and  the 
officers  of  the  Mendicity  Society.  This  is 
one  of  the  shallowest  of  all  the  many 
"dodges"  of  the  London  beggars.  On  re- 
flection any  one,  however  slightly  ac- 
quainted with  the  various  forms  of  disease, 
must  know  that  a  mere  swelling  cannot  be 
a  normal  or  chronic  condition  of  the 
human  body.  A  swelling  might  last  a  few 
days,  or  a  week ;  but  a  swelling  of  several 
years'  standing  is  only  to  be  referred  to  the 
continued  application  of  a  poisonous  oint- 
ment, or  to  the  binding  of  the  limb  with 
ligatures,  so  as  to  confine  the  blood  and 
puff  the  skin. 

Cripples. 

Various  kinds  of  cripples  are  still  to  be 
found,  begging  in  the  streetKS  of  London. 
As  a  rule  the  police  do  not  interfere  with 
them,  unless  they  know  them  to  be  im- 
postors. A  certain  number  of  well-known 
cripples  have  acquired  a  sort  of  pre- 
scriptive right  to  beg  where  they  please. 
The  public  will  be  familiar  with  the  per- 
sonal appearance  of  many  of  them.  There 
is  the  tall  man  on  crutches,  with  his  foot 
in  a  sling,  Avho  sells  stay  laces  ;  the  poor 
wretch  without  hands,  who  crouches  on 
the  pavement  and  writes  with  the  stumps 
of  his  arms  ;  the  crab-like  man  without 
legs,  who  sits  strapped  to  a  board,  and 
walks  upon  his  hands  ;  the  legless  man  who 
propels   himself  in   a  little  carriage,  con- 


structed on  the  velocipede  principle ;  the 
idiotic-looking  youth,  who  "stands  pad 
with  a  fakement,"  shaking  in  every  limb  as 
if  he  were  under  the  influence  of  galvanism. 
These  mendicants  are  not  considered  to  be 
impostors,  and  are  allowed  to  pursue  beg- 
ging as  a  regular  calling.  I  cannot  think, 
however,  that  the  police  exercise  a  wise 
discretion  in  permitting  some  of  the  more 
hideous  of  these  beggars  to  infest  the 
streets.  Instances  are  on  record  of  nervous 
females  having  been  seriously  frightened, 
and  even  injured,  by  seeing  men  without 
legs  or  arms  crawling  at  their  feet.  A  case 
is  within  my  own  knowledge,  where  the 
sight  of  a  man  without  legs  or  arms  had 
such  an  effect  upon  a  lady  in  the  family 
way  that  her  child  was  born  in  all  respects 
the  very  counterpart  of  the  object  that 
alarmed  her.  It  had  neither  legs  nor  arms. 
This  occurrence  took  place  at  Brighton 
about  eleven  years  ago.  I  have  frequently 
seen  ladies  start  and  shudder  when  the 
crab-like  man  I  have  referred  to  has  sud- 
denly appeared,  hopping  along  at  their  feet. 
I  am  surprised  that  there  is  no  home  or 
institution  for  cripples  of  this  class.  They 
are  certainly  deserving  of  sjaiipathy  and 
aid  ;  for  they  are  utterly  incapacitated  from 
any  kind  of  labour.  Impostors  are  con- 
stantly starting  up  among  this  class  of 
beggars  ;  but  they  do  not  remain  long  un- 
detected. A  man  was  lately  found  beg. 
ging,  who  pretended  that  he  had  lost  his 
right  arm.  The  deception  at  the  first 
glance  was  perfect.  His  right  sleeve  hung 
loose  at  his  side,  and  there  appeared  to  be 
nothing  left  of  his  arm  but  a  short  stump. 
On  being  examined  at  the  police  office,  his 
arm  was  found  strapped  to  his  side,  and 
the  stump  turned  out  to  be  a  stuffing  of 
bran.  Another  man  simulated  a  broken 
leg  by  doubling  up  that  limb  and  strapping 
his  foot  and  ankle  to  his  thigh.  Paralysis 
is  frequently  simulated  with  success  until 
the  actor  is  brought  before  the  police  sur- 
geon, when  the  cheat  is  immediately  de- 
tected. 

A  Blind  Beggar. 

A  blind  beggar,  led  by  a  dog,  whom  T  ac- 
costed in  the  street,  made  the  following  vo- 
luntary statement.  I  should  mention  that 
he  seemed  very  willing  to  answer  my  ques- 
tions, and  while  he  was  talking  kept  con- 
tinually feeling  my  clothes  with  his  finger 
and  thumb.  The  object  of  this,  I  fancy, 
must  have  been  to  discover  whether  I  was 
what  persons  of  his  class  call  a  "gentle- 
man" or  a  poor  man.  AVhether  he  had 
any  thoughts  of  my  being  an  officer  1  can- 
not say. 


2  F 


434 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


"  I  am  sixty  years  of  age :  you  wouldn't 
think  it,  perliaps,  but  I  am.  No,  I  was 
not  born  blind  ;  1  lost  my  sight  in  the  small- 
pox, five  and  twenty  years  ago.  I  have 
been  begging  on  the  streets  eighteen  years. 
Yes,  my  dog  knows  the  way  home.  How 
did  I  teach  him  that?  why,  when  I  had 
him  first,  the  cabmen  and  busmen  took 
him  out  to  Camden  Town,  and  Westmin- 
ster, and  other  places,  and  then  let  him 
go.  He  soon  learnt  to  find  his  way  home. 
No,  he  is  not  the  dog  I  had  originally  ;  that 
one  died  ;  he  was  five  and  twenty  years  old 
when  he  died.  Yes,  that  was  a  very  old  age 
for  a  dog.  1  had  this  one  about  five  years 
ago.  Don't  get  as  much  as  I  used  to  do  ? 
No,  no,  my  friend.  I  make  about  a  shil- 
ling a-day,  never— scarcely  never — more, 
sometimes  less — a  good  deal  less  ;  but  some 
folks  are  very  kind  to  me.  I  live  at  Poole's - 
l)lace.  Mount  Pleasant.  There  are  a  good 
many  engineers  about  there,  and  their 
wives  are  very  kind  to  me ;  they  have  al- 
ways a  halfpenny  for  me  when  I  go  that 
way.  I  have  my  beats.  I  don't  often 
come  down  this  way  (Gower-street),  only 
once  a  month.  I  always  keep  on  this  side 
of  Tottenham  Court-road  ;  I  never  go  over 
the  road  ;  my  dog  knows  that.  I  am  going 
down  there,"  (pointmg)  ;  "  that's  Chenies- 
street.  Oh,  I  know  where  I  am  :  next  turn- 
ing to  the  right  is  Alfred -street,  the  next 
to  the  left  is  Francis-street,  and  when  I 
get  to  the  end  of  that  the  dog  will  stop ; 
but  I  know  as  well  as  him.  Yes,  he's  a 
good  dog,  but  never  the  dog  I  used  to 
have  ;  he  used  always  to  stop  when  there 
was  anybody  near,  and  pull  when  there 
was  nobody.  He  was  what  I.  call  a  steady 
dog,  this  one  is  young  and  foolish  like  ;  he 
stops  sometimes  dead,  and  I  goes  on  talk- 
ing, thinking  there  is  a  lady  or  gentleman 
near ;  but  it's  only  other  dogs  that  he's 
stopping  to  have  a  word  with.  No,  no,  no, 
sir."  This  he  said  when  I  dropped  some 
more  coppers  into  his  hat,  having  pre- 
viously given  him  a  penny.  "'  I  don't  Avant 
that.  1  think  I  kn  3w  your  voice,  sir  ;  Pm 
sure  I've  heard  it  before.  No  !  ah,  then 
I'm  mistaken."  Here  again  he  felt  my 
coat  and  waistcoat  with  an  inquiring  touch  : 
apparently  satisfied,  he  continued,  "  I'll  tell 
you,  sir,  what  I  wouldn't  tell  to  every  one  ; 
I've  as  nice  a  little  place  at  Mount  Pleasant 
as  you  would  desire  to  see.  You  wouldn't 
think  I  was  obliged  to  beg  if  you  saw  it. 
Why,  sir,  I  beg  many  times  when  I've  as 
much  as  sixteen  shillings  in  my  pocket ; 
leastwise  not  in  my  pocket,  but  at  home. 
Why  you  see,  sir,  there's  the  winter 
months  coming  on,  and  I  lays  by  what  I 
can  against  the  wet  days,  when  I  can't  go 


out.  There's  no  harm  in  that,  sir.  Well, 
now,  sir,  I'll  tell  you :  there's  a  man  up 
there  in  Sussex-street  that  I  know,  and  he 
said  to  me  just  now,  as  I  was  passing  the 
public  house,  '  Come  in,  John,  and  have  a 
drop  of  something.'  *  No,  thank  ye,'  says 
],  '  I  don't  want  drink  ;  if  you  want  to  give 
me  anything  give  me  the  money.'  'No,' 
says  he,  *  I  won't  do  that,  but  if  you  come 
in  and  have  something  to  drink  I'll  give 
you  sixpence.'  Well,  sir,  1  wouldn't  go. 
It  wouldn't  do,  you  know,  for  the  likes  of 
me,  a  blind  man  getting  his  living  by  beg- 
ging, to  be  seen  in  a  public-house;  the 
people  wouldn't  know,  sir,  whether  it  was 
my  money  that  was  paying  for  it  or  not. 
I  never  go  into  a  public-house  ;  I  has  my 
drop  at  home.  Oh,  yes,  I  am  tired — tired 
of  it;  but  I'll  tell  you,  sir,  I  think  I'll  get 
out  of  it  soon.  Do  you  know  how  that  is, 
sir  ?  Well,  I  think  I  shall  get  on  to  Day 
and  Martin's  Charity  in  October ;  Pm  pro- 
mised votes,  and  I'm  in  hopes  this  time. 
God  bless  you,  sir." 

There  was  for  many  years  in  the  city  a 
blind  man  with  a  dog,  who  was  discovered 
to  be  a  rank  impostor.  The  boys  found  it 
out  long  before  the  police  did.  They  used 
to  try  and  take  the  money  out  of  the  little 
basket  that  the  dog  carried  in  his  mouth, 
but  they  never  succeeded.  The  moment  a 
boy  approached  the  basket  the  blind  man 
ran  at  him  with  his  stick,  which  proved,  of 
course,  that  the  fellow  could  see.  Some  of 
my  readers  may  recollect  seeing  in  the 
papers  an  account  of  a  respectable  young 
girl  who  ran  away  from  her  home  and  took 
up  with  this  blind  man.  She  cohabited 
with  him,  in  fact,  and  it  was  found  that 
they  lived  in  extravagance  and  luxary  on 
the  blind  beggar's  daily  takings. 

Beggars  subject  to  Fits 

are  impostors,  I  ma}^  say,  wholly  without 
exception.  Some  of  them  are  the  associates 
and  agents  of  thieves,  and  fall  dov^n  in  the 
street  in  assumed  fits  in  order  to  collect  a 
crowd  and  aff'ord  a  favourable  opportunity 
to  the  pickpockets,  with  whom  they  are  in 
league.  The  simulation  of  fits  is  no  mean 
branch  of  the  beggar's  art  of  deception. 
The  various  symptoms — the  agitation  of 
the  muscles,  the  turning  up  of  the  whites 
of  the  eyes,  the  pallor  of  the  face  and  the 
rigidity  of  the  mouth  and  jaw — are  imitated 
to  a  nicety  ;  and  these  symptoms  are  some- 
times accompanied  by  copious  frothing  at 
the  mouth.  I  asked  Mr.  Horsford,  of  the 
Mendicity  Society,  how  this  was  done,  and 
received  the  laconic  answer — "  Soap."  And 
this  brought  to  my  memory  that  I  had 
once  seer,  an  actor  charge  his  mouth  with 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOND  ON  POOF, 


435 


a  small  piece  of  soup  to  give  due  vraissem- 
hlance  to  the  last  scene  of  Sir  Oiles  Over- 
reach. I  was  shown  an  old  woman  who 
was  in  the  habit  of  falling  down  in  assumed 
fits  simply  to  get  brandy.  She  looked  very 
aged  and  poor,  and  I  was  told  she  generally 
had  her  fits  when  some  well-dressed  gentle- 
man was  passing  with  a  lady  on  his  arm. 
She  generally  chose  the  scene  of  her  per- 
formance close  to  the  door  of  a  public- 
house,  into  which  some  compassionate 
person  might  conveniently  carry  her.  She 
was  never  heard  to  speak  in  her  fits  except 
to  groan  and  mutter  "  brandy,"  when  that 
remedy  did  not  appear  to  suggest  itself  to 
those  who  came  to  her  aid.  An  officer  said 
to  me,  "  I  have  known  that  old  woman  have 
so  many  fits  in  the  course  of  the  day  that 
she  has  been  found  lying  in  the  guttor  dead 
drunk  from  the  eff"ect  of  repeated  restora- 
tives. She  has  been  apprehended  and  pu- 
nished over  and  over  again,  but  she  returns 
to  the  old  dodge  the  minute  she  gets  out. 
She  is  on  the  parish  ;  but  she  gets  money 
as  well  as  brandy  by  her  shamming." 

I  have  heard  that  there  are  persons  who 
purposely  fall  into  the  Serpentine  in  order 
to  be  taken  to  the  receiving- house  of  the  Hu- 
mane Society,  and  recovered  with  brandy. 
One  man  repeated  the  trick  so  often  that 
at  last  the  Society's  men  refused  to  go  to 
his  aid.  It  is  needless  to  say  that  he  soon 
found  his  way  out  of  the  water  unaided, 
when  he  saw  that  his  dodge  was  detected. 

Being  in  a  Decline. 

No  form  of  poverty  and  misfortune  is 
better  calculated  to  move  the  hearts  of  the 
compassionate  than  this.  You  see  crouching 
in  a  corner,  a  pale-faced,  wan  young  man, 
apparently  in  the  very  last  stage  of  con- 
sumption. His  eyes  are  sunk  in  his  head, 
his  jaw  drops,  and  you  can  almost  see  his 
bones  through  his  pallid  skin.  He  appears 
too  exhausted  to  speak  ;  he  coughs  at  inter- 
vals, and  places  his  hand  on  his  chest  as  if 
in  extreme  pain.  After  a  fit  of  coughing 
he  pants  pitifully,  and  bows  his  head  feebly 
as  if  he  were  about  to  die  on  the  spot.  It 
will  be  noticed,  however,  as  a  peculiarity 
distinguishing  nearly  all  these  beggars,  that 
the  suff'erers  wear  a  white  cloth  bound 
round  their  heads  overtopped  by  a  black 
cap.  It  is  this  white  cloth,  coupled  with  a 
few  slight  artistic  touches  of  colour  to  the 
face,  that  produces  the  interesting  look  of 
decline.  Any  person  who  is  thin  and  of 
sallow  complexion  may  produce  the  same 
effect  by  putting  on  a  white  night- cap,  and 
applying  a  little  pink  colour  round  the  eyes. 
It  is  the  simple  rule  observed  by  comedians, 
when  they  make  up  for  a  sick  man  or  a 


ghost.  These  beggars  are  all  impostors ; 
and  they  are  now  so  well  known  to  the 
police  that  they  never  venture  to  take  up  a 
fixed  position  during  the  day,  but  pursue 
their  nefarious  calling  at  night  at  pubhc- 
houses  and  other  resorts  where  they  can 
readily  make  themselves  scarce  should  an 
officer  happen  to  spy  them  out. 

"Shallow  Coves." 

This  is  the  slang  name  given  to  beggars 
who  exhibit  themselves  in  the  streets  half 
clad,  especially  in  cold  weather.  There  are 
a  great  many  of  these  beggars  in  London, 
and  they  are  enabled  to  ply  their  trade 
upon  the  sympathies  of  the  public  with 
very  little  check,  owing  to  the  fact  that 
they  mostly  frequent  quiet  streets,  and 
make  a  point  of  moving  on  whenever  they 
see  a  policeman  approaching.  A  notorious 
"shallow  cove,"  who  frequents  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  Strand  and  St.  Martin's 
Lane,  must  be  well  known  to  many  of  my 
readers.  His  practice  is  to  stand  at  the 
windows  of  bakers  and  confectioners,  and 
gaze  with  an  eager  famished  look  at  the 
bread  and  other  eatables.  His  almost 
naked  state,  his  hollow,  glaring  eye,  like 
that  of  a  famished  dog,  his  long  thin  cheek, 
his  matted  hair,  his  repeated  shrugs  of  un- 
easiness as  if  he  were  suffering  from  cold  or 
vermin,  present  such  a  spectacle  of  wretch- 
edness as  the  imagination  could  never 
conceive.  He  has  no  shirt,  as  you  can  see 
by  his  open  breast ;  his  coat  is  a  thing  of 
mere  shreds  ;  his  trousers,  torn  away  in 
picturesque  jags  at  the  knees,  are  his  only 
other  covering,  except  a  dirty  sodden-look- 
ing round-crowned  brown  felt  hat,  which 
he  slouches  over  his  forehead  in  a  manner 
which  greatly  heightens  his  aspect  of  misery. 
I  was  completely  taken  in  when  I  first  saw 
this  man  greedily  glaring  in  at  a  baker's 
window  in  St.  Martin's  Lane.  I  gave  him 
twopence  to  procure  a  loaf,  and  waited  to 
see  him  buy  it,  anxious  to  have  the  satis- 
faction of  seeing  him  appease  such  extreme 
hunger  as  I  had  never — I  thought — wit- 
nessed before.  He  did  not  enter  the  shop 
with  the  alacrity  I  expected.  He  seemed 
to  hesitate,  and  presently  I  could  see  that 
he  was  casting  stealthy  glances  at  me.  I 
remained  where  I  was,  watching  him  ;  and 
at  last  when  he  saw  1  was  determined  to 
wait,  he  entered  the  shop.  I  saw  him 
speak  to  the  woman  at  the  counter  and 
point  at  something  ;  but  he  made  no  pur- 
chase, and  came  out  without  the  bread, 
which  I  thought  he  would  have  devoured 
like  a  wolf,  when  he  obtained  the  money 
to  procure  it.  Seeing  me  still  watching  him, 
he   moved    away    rapidly.     I  entered  the 


2  F  2 


436 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


shop,  and  asked  if  he  had  bought  any- 
thing. *'  Not  he,  he  don't  want  any  bread," 
said  the  mistress  of  the  shop,  "  1  wish  the 
poHce  would  lock  him  up,  or  drive  him 
away  from  here,  for  he's  a  regular  nuisance. 
He  pretends  to  be  hungry,  and  then  when 
people  give  him  anything,  he  comes  in  here 
and  asks  if  I  can  sell  him  any  bits.  He 
knows  I  won't,  and  he  don't  want  'em.  Ho 
is  a  regular  old  soldier,  he  is,  sir." 

I  received  confirmation  of  this  account 
from  Mr.  Horsford,  who  said  that  the 
fellow  had  been  sent  to  prison  at  least 
thirty  times.  The  moment  he  gets  out  he 
I'esorts  to  his  old  practices.  On  one  occasion, 
when  he  was  taken,  he  had  thirteenjshillings 
in  his  pocket, — in  coppers,  sixpences  and 
threepenny  and  fourpenny  bits.  Soft- 
hearted old  ladies  who  frequent  the  pastry- 
cooks are  his  chief  victims. 

"  Shallow  coves  "  have  recently  taken  to 
Sunday  begging.  They  go  round  the  quiet 
streets  in  pairs,  and  sing  psalm  tunes  during 
church  hours.  Tiiey  walk  barefooted, 
without  hats,  and  expose  their  breasts  to 
show  that  they  have  no  under  clothing. 

'I'lie  "shallow  cove"  is  a  very  pitiable 
sight  in  winter,  standing  half  naked,  with  his 
bare  feet  on  the  cold  stones,  But  give  him 
a  suit  of  clothes  and  shoes  and  stockings, 
and  the  next  day  he  will  be  as  naked  and 
as  wretched-looking  as  he  is  to-day.  Naked- 
ness and  shivers  are  his  stock  in  trade. 

Famished  Beggars. 

The  famished  beggars,  that  is,  those  who 
"  make  up  "  to  look  as  if  they  were  starv- 
ing, pursue  an  infinite  variety  of  dodges. 
The  most  common  of  all  is  to  stand  in  some 
prominent  place  with  a  placard  on  the 
breast,  bearing  an  inscription  to  the  effect 
that  the  beggar  is  "  starving,"  or  that  he 
has  "  a  large  family  entirely  dependent 
upon  him."  The  appeal  is  sometimes 
made  more  forcible  by  its  brevity,  and  the 
card  bears  the  single  word,  "Destitute." 
In  every  case  where  the  beggar  endeavours 
to  convey  starvation  by  his  looks  and 
dress  it  may  be  relied  upon  that  he  is  an 
impostor,  a  lazy  fellow,  who  prefers  beg- 
ging to  work,  because  it  requires  less  exer- 
tion and  brings  him  more  money.  There 
are  some,  however, — blind  men  and  old 
persons — who  "  stand  pad,"  that  is  to  say, 
beg  by  the  exhibition  of  a  written  or 
printed  paper,  who  are  not  impostors ; 
they  are  really  poor  persons  who  are  in- 
capacitated from  work,  and  who  beg  from 
day  to  day  to  earn  a  living.  But  these 
beggars  do  not  got  up  an  appearance  of 
being  starved,  and  indeed  some  of  them 
look  V(.'V\  fat  and  comfortable. 


The  beggars  who  chalk  on  the  pavement 
"  I  am  starving,"  in  a  round  scholastic 
hand,  are  not  of  this  class.  It  does  not  re- 
quire much  reflection  to  discern  the  true 
character  of  such  mendicants.  As  I  have 
frequently  had  occasion  to  observe,  the 
man  who  begs  day  after  day,  and  counts 
his  gains  at  the  rate  of  from  twelve  to 
twenty  shillings  a  week,  cannot  be  starving. 
You  pass  one  of  these  beggars  in  the  morn- 
ing, and  you  hear  the  coppers  chinking  on 
the  pavement  as  they  are  thrown  to  him 
by  the  thoughtless  or  the  credulous  ;  you 
pass  him  again  in  the  evening,  and  there 
is  still  the  inscription  "  I  am  starving." 
Tins  beggar  adds  hypocrisy  to  his  other 
vices.  By  his  writing  on  the  pavement  he 
would  give  you  to  understand  that  he  is 
too  much  ashamed  to  beg  by  word  of 
mouth.  As  he  crouches  beside  his  in- 
scription he  hides  his  head.  The  writing, 
too,  is  a  false  pretence.  *'  I  am  starving  " 
is  written  in  so  good  a  hand  that  you  are 
led  to  believe  that  the  wretch  before  you 
has  had  a  good  education,  that  he  has 
seen  better  days,  and  is  now  the  victim  of 
misfortune,  perhaps  wholly  undeserved. 
It  should  be  known,  however,  that  many 
of  these  beggars  cannot  write  at  all ;  they 
could  not  write  another  sentence  excej^t 
"lam  starving"  if  it  were  to  save  their 
li\  GS.  There  are  persons  who  teach  the 
art  of  writing  certain  sentences  to  beggars, 
but  their  pupils  learn  to  trace  the  letters 
mechanically.  This  is  the  case  with  the 
persons  who  draw  in  coloured  chalk  on  the 
pavement.  They  can  draw  a  mackerel,  a 
broken  plate,  a  head  of  Christ,  and  a  cer- 
tain stereotyped  sea-view  with  a  setting 
sun,  but  they  cannot  draw  anything  else, 
and  these  they  trace  upon  a  principle  ut- 
terly unknown  to  art.  There  is  one  beg- 
gar of  tliis  class  who  frequents  the  King's- 
Cross  end  of  the  New  Eoad,  who  writes  his 
specimens  backwards,  and  who  cannot  do 
it  any  other  way.  He  covers  a  large  flag- 
stone with  "copies  "  in  various  hands,  and 
they  are  all  executed  in  the  true  "  copper- 
plate "  style.  They  are  all,  however,  written 
backwards. 

The  distinction  made  by  the  magistrates 
and  the  police  betvv-een  those  who  draw 
coloured  views  and  those  who  merely  write 
"  I  am  starving"  in  wdiite chalk,  exhibits  a 
nicety  of  discrimination  which  is  not  a 
little  anuising.  When  the  officers  of  the 
Mendicity  Society  first  began  to  enforce 
their  powers  with  rigour  (in  consequence 
of  the  alarming  increase  of  mendicancy) 
they  arrested  these  flag-stone  artists  vvdth 
others.  The  magistrates,  however,  showed 
an  imwilHngness  to  commit  them,  and  at 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


437 


xength  it  was  laid  down  as  a  rule  that  these 
men  should  not  be  molested  unless  they 
ohstructed  a  thoroughfare  or  created  a  dis- 
turbance. This  decision  was  grounded 
upon  the  consideration  that  these  street 
artists  did  some  actual  work  for  the  money 
they  received  from  the  public ;  they  drew 
a  picture  and  exhibited  it,  and  might 
therefore  be  fairly  regarded  as  pursuing  an 
art.  So  the  chalkers  of  mackerel  were 
placed  in  the  category  of  privileged  street 
exhibitors.  The  "  1  am  starving  "  dodgb, 
however,  has  been  almost  entirely  sup- 
pressed by  the  pei'ssvering  activity  of  Mr. 
Jlorsford  and  his  brother  officers  of  the 
Mendicity  Society. 

One  of  the  latest  devices  of  famished 
beggars  which  has  come  under  my  notice 
I  shall  denominate 

The  Choking  Dodge. 

A  wretched-looking  man,  in  a  state  of 
semi- nudity,  having  the  appearance  of 
being  half  starved  and  exhausted,  either 
from  want  of  food  or  from  having  walked 
a  long  way,  sat  down  one  day  on  the  door- 
step of  the  house  oj^posite  mine.  I  was 
struck  by  his  wretched  and  forlorn  appear- 
ance, and  particularly  by  his  downcast 
looks.  It  seemed  as  if  misery  had  not 
only  worn  him  to  the  bone,  but  had  crushed 
all  his  humanity  out  of  him.  He  was 
more  like  a  feeble  beast,  dying  of  exhaustion 
and  grovelling  in  the  dust,  than  a  man. 
Presently  he  took  out  a  crust  of  dr}^  bread 
and  attempted  to  eat  it.  It  was  easy  to  see 
that  it  was  a  hard  crust,  as  hard  as  stone, 
and  dirty,  as  if  it  had  lain  for  some  days 
in  the  street.  The  wretch  gnawed  at  it  as 
a  starved  dog  gnaws  at  a  bone.  The  crust 
was  not  only  hard,  but  the  beggar's  jaws 
seemed  to  want  the  power  of  mastication. 
It  seemed  as  if  he  liad  hungered  so  long 
that  food  was  now  too  late.  At  length  he 
managed  to  bite  off  a  piece ;  but  now  ano- 
ther phase  of  his  feebleness  was  manifested 
— he  could  not  swallow  it.  He  tried  to  get 
it  down,  and  it  stuck  in  his  throat.  You 
have  seen  a  dog  with  a  bone  in  his  throat, 
jerking  his  head  up  and  down  in  his  effort 
to  swallow :  that  was  the  action  of  this 
poor  wretch  on  the  door-step.  I  could  not 
but  be  moved  by  this  spectacle,  and  I 
opened  the  window  and  called  to  the  man. 
He  took  no  heed  of  me.  I  called  again. 
Still  no  heed  ;  misery  had  blunted  all  his 
faculties.  He  seemed  to  desire  nothing 
but  to  sit  there  and  choke.  I  wont  over 
to  him,  and,  tapping  him  on  the  shoulder, 
gave  him  twopence,  and  told  him  to  go  to 
the  public  house  and  get  some  beer  to  wash 
down  his  hard  meal.    He  rose  slowly,  gave 


me  a  look  of  thanks,  and  went  away  in  the 
direction  of  the  tavern.  He  walked  more 
briskly  than  I  could  have  conceived  possi- 
ble in  his  case,  and  something  prompted  me 
to  watch  him.  I  stood  at  my  door  looking 
after  him,  and  when  he  got  near  the  pub- 
lic-house he  turned  round.  I  knew  at 
once  that  he  was  looking  to  see  if  I  were 
watching  him.  The  next  minute  he  turned 
aside  as  if  to  enter  the  pubhc-house.  The 
entrance  stood  back  from  the  frontage  of 
the  street,  and  I  could  not  tell,  from  where 
I  stood,  whether  he  had  gone  into  the 
house  or  not.  I  crossed  to  the  other 
side,  where  I  could  see  him  without  being 
noticed.  He  had  not  entered  the  house, 
but  was  standing  by  the  door.  When 
he  had  stood  there  for  a  few  minutes 
he  peeped  out  cautiously,  and  looked  down 
the  street  towards  the  place  where  he 
had  left  me.  Being  aj^parently  satisfied 
that  all  was  right,  he  emerged  from  the 
recess  and  walked  on.  I  was  now  deter- 
mined to  watch  him  further.  I  had  not 
long  to  wait  for  conclusive  evidence  of  the 
imposture  which  I  now  more  than  sus- 
i^ected.  The  man  walked  slowly  along 
until  he  saw  some  persons  at  a  first-floor 
window,  when  he  immediately  sat  down 
on  a  door-step  opposite  and  repeated  the 
elaborate  performance  with  the  hard  crust 
which  I  have  already  described.  This  I 
saw  him  do  four  times  before  he  left  the 
street,  in  each  case  getting  money.  It  is 
needless  to  say  that  this  fellow  was  a  rank 
impostor.  One  of  his  class  was  appre- 
hended some  time  ago — it  might  have  been 
this  very  man — and  no  less  than  seven  shil- 
lings were  found  upon  him.  These  men 
frequent  quiet  bye-streets,  and  never,  or 
rarely,  beg  in  the  busy  thoroughfares.  I 
will  give  another  case,  which  I  shall  call 

The  Offal-Eater. 

The  most  notable  instance  of  this  variety 
of  the  famished  beggars  which  has  come 
under  my  notice  is  that  of  a  little  old  man 
who  frequents  the  neighbourhood  of  Rus- 
sell-square. I  have  known  him  now  for  two 
years,  and  I  have  seen  him  repeat  his  per- 
formance at  least  a  score  of  times.  The 
man  has  the  appearance  of  a  cutler.  He 
wears  a  very  old  and  worn,  but  not  ragged, 
velveteen  coat  with  large  side  jDockets,  a 
pair  of  sailor's  blue  trousers  a  good  deal 
patched,  a  very,  very  bad  pair  of  shoes,  and 
a  chimney-pot  hat,  which  seems  to  have 
braved  the  wind  and  rain  for  many  years, 
been  consigned  to  a  dust-bin,  and  then 
recovered  for  wear.  He  is  below  the  aver- 
age height,  and  appears  to  be  about  seventy 
years  of  age.     This  little  old  man  makes 


438 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


his  appearance  in  my  street  about  eleven 
o'clock  in  the  forenoon.  He  walks  down 
the  pavement  listlessly,  rubbing  his  hands 
and  looking  about  him  on  every  side  in  a 
vacant  bewildered  manner,  as  if  all  the 
world  were  strange  to  him,  and  he  had  no 
home,  no  friend,  and  no  purpose  on  the 
face  of  the  earth.  Every  now  and  then  he 
stops  and  turns  his  face  towards  the  street, 
moving  himself  uneasily  in  his  clothes,  as 
as  if  he  were  troubled  with  vermin.  All 
this  time  he  is  munching  and  mumbling 
some  food  in  a  manner  suggestive  of  a 
total  want  of  teeth.  As  he  pauses  he  looks 
about  as  if  in  search  of  something.  Pre- 
sently you  see  him  pick  up  a  small  piece  of 
bread  which  has  been  thrown  out  to  the 
sparrows.  He  wipes  it  upon  his  velveteen 
coat  and  begins  to  eat  it.  It  is  a  long  pro- 
cess. He  will  stand  opposite  your  window 
for  full  ten  minutes  mumbhng  that  small 
piece  of  bread,  but  he  never  looks  up  to 
inspire' compassion  or  charity;  he  trusts 
to  his  pitiful  mumblings  to  produce  the 
desired  effect,  and  he  is  not  disappointed. 
Coppers  are  flung  to  him  from  every  win- 
dow, and  he  picks  them  up  slowly  and  list- 
lessly, as  if  he  did  not  expect  such  aid, 
and  scarcely  knew  how  to  apply  it.  I 
have  given  him  money  several  times,  but 
that  does  not  prevent  him  from  returning 
again  and  again  to  stand  opposite  my  win- 
dows and  mumble  crusts  picked  out  of  the 
mud  in  the  streets.  One  day  I  gave  him  a 
lump  of  good  bread,  but  in  an  hour  after  I 
found  him  in  an  adjacent  street  exciting 
charity  in  the  usual  way.  This  convinced 
me  that  he  was  an  artful  systematic  beg- 
gar, and  this  impression  was  fully  con- 
firmed on  my  following  him  into  a  low 
beer-shop  in  St.  Giles's  and  finding  him 
comfortably  seated  with  his  feet  up  in  a 
chair,  smoking  a  long  pipe,  and  discussing 
a  pot  of  ale.  He  knew  me  in  a  moment, 
dropped  his  feet  from  the  chair,  and  tried 
to  hide  his  pipe.  Since  that  occasion  he 
has  never  come  my  way. 

PETTY  TRADING  BEGGAES. 

This  is  perhaps  the  most  numerous 
class  of  beggars  in  London.  Their  trading 
in  such  articles  as  lucifers,  boot-laces, 
cabbage-nets,  tapes,  cottons,  shirt-buttons, 
and  the  like,  is  in  most  cases  a  mere 
"blind"  to  evade  the  law  ai3plying  to 
mendicants  and  vagrants.  There  are  very 
few  of  the  street  vendors  of  such  petty 
articles  as  lucifers  and  shirt-buttons  who 
can  make  a  living  from  the  profits  of  their 
trade.  Indeed  they  do  not  calculate  upon 
doing  so.     The   box   of  matches,  or   the 


little  deal  box  of  cottons,  is  used  simply  as 
a  passport  to  the  resorts  of  the  charitable. 
The  police  are  obliged  to  respect  the  trader, 
though  they  know  very  well  that  under 
the  disguise  of  the  itinerant  merchant 
there  lurks  a  beggar. 

Beggars  of  this  class  use  their  trade  to 
excite  compassion  and  obtain  a  gift  rather 
than  to  effect  a  sale.  A  poor  half-clad 
wretch  stands  by  the  kerb  exposing  for 
sale  a  single  box  of  matches,  the  price 
being  "  only  a  halfpenny."  A  charitable 
person  passes  by  and  drops  a  halfpenny  or 
a  penny  into  the  poor  man's  hand,  and 
disdains  to  take  the  matches.  In  this 
way  a  single  box  will  be  sufficient  for  a 
whole  evening's  trading,  unless  some  person 
should  insist  upon  an  actual  "  transaction," 
when  the  beggar  is  obliged  to  procure 
another  box  at  the  nearest  oilman's. 
There  are  very  few  articles  upon  which  an 
actual  profit  is  made  by  legitimate  sale. 
Porcelain  shirt-buttons,  a  favourite  commo- 
dity of  the  petty  trading  beggars,  would  not 
yield  the  price  of  a  single  meal  unless  the 
seller  could  dispose  of  at  least  twenty 
dozen  in  a  day.  Cottons,  stay-laces,  and 
the  like,  can  now  be  obtained  so  cheaply  at 
the  shops,  that  no  one  thinks  of  buying 
these  articles  in  the  streets  unless  it  be  in  a 
charitable  mood.  Almost  the  only  commo- 
dities in  which  a  legitimate  trade  is  carried 
on  by  the  petty  traders  of  the  streets  are 
floAvers,  songs,  knives,  combs,  braces, 
purses,  portmonnaies.  The  sellers  of 
knives,  combs,  &c.,  are  to  a  certain  extent 
legitimate  traders,  and  do  not  calculate 
upon  charity.  They  are  cheats,  perhaps, 
but  not  beggars.  The  vendors  of  flowers 
and  songs,  though  they  really  make  an 
effort  to  sell  their  goods,  and  often  realize 
a  tolerable  profit,  are  nevertheless  beggars, 
and  trust  to  increase  their  earnings  by  ob- 
taining money  without  giving  an  equiva- 
lent. A  great  many  children  are  sent  out 
by  their  parents  to  sell  flowers  during  the 
summer  and  autumn.  They  find  their 
best  market  in  the  bars  of  public-houses, 
and  especially  those  frequented  by  prosti- 
tutes. If  none  else  give  prostitutes  a  good 
character,  the  very  poor  do.  "  I  don't 
know  what  we  should  do  but  for  them," 
said  an  old  beggar-woman  to  me  one  day. 
"  They  are  good-hearted  souls — always  kind 
to  the  poor.  I  hope  God  will  forgive 
them."  I  have  had  many  examples  of  this 
sympathy  for  misfortune  and  poverty  on 
the  part  of  the  fallen  women  of  the  streets. 
A  fellow  feeling  no  doubt  makes  them 
wondrous  kind.  They  know  what  it  is  to 
be  cast  off,  and  spurned,  and  despised ; 
they  know,  too,  what  it  is  to  starve,  and. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOB. 


■loJ 


like  the  beggars,  they  are  subject  to  the 
stern  "move  on"  of  the  policeman. 

The  relations  which  subsist  between  the 
prostitutes  and  the  beggars  reveal  some 
curious  traits.  Beggars  will  enter  a  public- 
house  because  they  see  some  Vv'omen  at 
the  bar  who  will  assist  their  suit.  They 
otter  their  little  wares  to  some  gentlemen 
at  the  bar,  and  the  women  will  say,  "  Give 
the  poor  devil  something,"  or  "  buy  bou- 
quets for  us,"  or  if  the  commodity  should 
be  laces  or  buttons,  they  say,  "  Don't  take 
the  poor  old  woman's  things  ;  give  her  the 
money."  And  the  gentlemen,  just  to  show 
oft",  and  appear  liberal,  do  as  tney  are  told. 
Possibly,  but  for  the  pleading  of  their  gay 
companions,  they  would  have  answered 
the  appeal  with  a  curse  and  gruff  command 
to  begone.  I  once  saw  an  old  woman  kiss 
a  bedizened  prostitute's  hand,  in  real 
gratitude  for  a  service  of  this  kind.  I 
don't  know  that  I  ever  witnessed  anything 
more  touching  in  my  life.  The  woman, 
who  a  few  minutes  before  had  been  flaunt- 
ing about  the  bar  in  the  reckless  manner 
peculiar  to  her  class,  was  quite  moved  by 
the  old  beggar's  act,  and  I  saw  a  tear 
mount  in  her  eye  and  slowly  trickle  down 
her  painted  cheek,  making  a  white  channel 
through  the  rouge  as  it  fell.  But  in  a 
moment  she  dashed  it  away,  and  the  next 
was  flaunting  and  singing  as  before.  Pros- 
titutes are  afraid  to  remain  long  under 
the  influence  of  good  thoughts.  They 
recal  their  days  of  innocence,  and  over- 
power them  with  an  intolerable  sadness 
— a  sadness  which  springs  of  remorse. 
The  gay  women  assume  airs  of  patronage 
towards  the  beggars,  and  as  such  are  looked 
up  to  ;  but  a  beggar-woman,  however  poor, 
and  however  miserable,  if  she  is  conscious 
of  being  virtuous,  is  always  sensible  of  her 
superiority  in  that  respect.  She  is  thank- 
ful for  the  kindness  of  the  "  gay  lady,"  and 
extols  her  goodness  of  heart ;  but  she  pities 
while  she  admires,  and  mutters  as  a  last 
word,  "May  God  forgive  her^,'  Thus  does 
one  touch  of  nature  make  all  the  world 
akin,  and  thus  does  virtue  survive  all  the 
buftets  of  evil  fortune  to  raise  even  a 
beggar  to  the  level  of  the  most  worthy, 
and  be  a  treasure  dearer  and  brighter  than 
all  the  pleasures  of  the  world. 

The  sellers  of  flowers  and  songs  are 
chiefly  bojs  and  young  girls.  They  buy 
their  flowers  in  Covent  Garden,  when  the 
refuse  of  the  market  is  cleared  out,  and 
make  them  up  into  small  bouquets,  which 
they  sell  for  a  penny.  When  the  flower 
season  is  over  they  sell  songs — those 
familiar  productions  of  Eyle,  Catnach  and 
company,  which,  it  is  said,  the  great  Lord 


Macaulay  was  wont  to  collect  and  treasure 
up  as  collateral  evidences  of  history.  Some 
of  the  boys  who  pursue  this  traffic  are 
masters  of  all  the  trades  that  appertain  to 
begging.  I  have  traced  one  boy,  by  the 
identifying  mark  of  a  most  villanous  squint, 
through  a  career  of  ten  years.  When  J  first 
saw  him  he  was  a  mere  child  of  about  four 
years  of  age.  His  mother  sent  him  with  a 
ragged  little  girl  (his  sister)  into  public- 
house  bars  to  beg.  Their  diminutive  size  at- 
tracted attention  and  excited  charity.  By- 
and-by,  possibly  in  consequence  of  the 
interference  of  the  police,  they  carried 
pennyworths  of  flowers  with  them,  at  other 
times  matches,  and  at  others  halfpenny 
sheets  of  songs.  After  this  the  boy  and 
the  girl  appeared  dressed  in  sailor's  cos- 
tume, (both  as  boys,)  and  sung  duets.  I 
remember  that  one  of  the  duets,  which 
had  a  spoken  part,  was  not  very  decent ; 
the  poor  children  evidently  did  not  under- 
stand what  they  said ;  but  the  thoughtless 
people  at  the  bar  laughed  and  gave  them 
money.  By-and-by  the  boy  became  too 
big  for  this  kind  of  work,  and  I  next  met 
him  selling  fuzees.  After  the  lapse  of  about 
a  year  he  started  in  the  shoe-black  line.  His 
station  was  at  the  end  of  Endell  Street, 
near  the  baths  ;  but  as  he  did  not  belong 
to  one  of  the  regularly  organized  brigades, 
he  was  hunted  about  by  the  police,  and 
could  not  make  a  living.  On  the  death 
of  the  crossing-sweeper  at  the  corner  he 
succeeded  to  that  functionary's  broom,  and 
in  his  new  capacity  was  regarded  by  the 
police  as  a  useful  member  of  society.  The 
last  time  I  saw  him  he  was  in  possession 
of  a  costermonger's  barrow  selling  mackerel. 
He  had  grown  a  big  strong  fellow,  but  I 
had  no  difficulty  in  identifying  the  little 
squinting  child,  who  begged,  and  sold 
flowers  and  songs  in  public-house  bars,  Avith 
the  strong  loud-lunged  vendor  of  mackerel. 
I  suppose  this  young  beggar  may  be  said 
to  have  pursued  an  honourable  career,  and 
raised  himself  in  the  world.  Many  who 
have  such  an  introduction  to  life  finish 
their  course  in  a  penal  settlement. 

There  are  not  a  few  v/ho  assume  the 
appearance  of  petty  traders  for  the  purpose 
of  committing  thefts,  such  as  picking  a 
gentleman's  pocket  when  he  is  intoxicated, 
and  slinking  into  parlours  to  steal  baga- 
telle balls.  Police  spies  occasionally  dis- 
guise themselves  as  petty  traders.  There 
is  a  well-known  man  who  goes  about  with 
a  bag  of  nuts,  betting  that  he  will  tell 
within  two  how  many  you  take  up  in  your 
hand.  This  man  is  said  to  be  a  police  spy. 
I  have  not  been  able  to  ascertain  whether 
this  is  true  or  not ;  but  I  am  satisfied  that 


440 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOIL 


the  man  does  not  get  his  hving  by  his  nut 
trick.  In  the  day-time  he  appears  without 
his  nuts,  dressed  in  a  suit  of  black,  and 
looking  certainly  not  unlike  a  i:)ol iceman 
in  mufti. 

Among  the  j^etty  trading  beggars  there 
are  a  good  many  idiots  and  half-witted 
creatures,  who  obtain  a  living — and  a  very 
good  one  too — by  dancing  in  a  grotesque 
and  idiotic  manner  on  the  pavement  to 
amuse  children.  Some  of  them  are  not 
such  idiots  as  they  appear,  but  assume 
a  half-witted  appearance  to  give  oddness  to 
their  performance,  and  excite  compassion 
for  their  misfortune.  The  street  boys  are 
the  avengers  of  this  imposition  upon  so- 
ciety. 

The  idiot  performer  has  a  sad  life  of  it 
when  the  boys  gather  about  him.  They 
pull  his  clothes,  knock  off  his  hat,  and 
pelt  him  with  lime  and  mud.  But  this 
persecution  sometimes  redounds  to  his 
advantage  ;  for  when  the  grown-up  folks 
see  him  treated  thus,  they  pity  him  the 
more.  These  beggars  always  take  care  to 
carry  something  to  offer  for  sale.  Half- 
penny songs  are  most  commonly  the  mer- 
chandise. 

The  little  half-witted  Italian  man  who 
used  to  go  about  grinding  an  organ  that 
"had  no  inside  to  it,"  as  the  boys  said, 
was  a  beggar  of  this  class,  and  I  really 
think  he  traded  on  his  constant  persecution 
by  the  gamins.  Music,  of  course,  he  made 
none,  for  there  was  only  one  string  left  in 
his  battered  organ ;  but  he  always  acted  so 
as  to  conve}^  the  idea  that  the  boys  had 
destroyed  his  instrument.  He  would  turn 
away  at  the  handle  in  a  desperate  way,  as 
if  he  were  determined  to  spare  no  effort  to 
please  his  patrons  ;  but  nothing  ever  came 
of  it  but  a  feeble  tink-a-tink  at  long- 
intervals.  If  his  organ  could  at  any  time 
have  been  spoiled,  certainly  the  boys  might 
have  done  it ;  for  their  great  delight  was  to 
put  stones  in  it,  and  batter  in  its  deal  back 
with  sticks.  I  am  informed  that  this  man 
had  a  good  deal  more  of  the  rogue  than  of 
the  fool  in  his  composition.  A  gentleman 
offered  to  have  his  organ  repaired  for  him  ; 
but  he  declined ;  and  at  length  when  the 
one  remaining  string  gave  way  he  would 
only  have  that  one  mended.  It  was  his 
"  dodge  "  to  grind  the  air,  and  appear  to  be 
unconscious  that  he  was  not  discoursing? 
most  eloquent  music. 

Tract-selling  in  the  streets  is  a  line 
peculiar  to  the  Hindoos.  I  find  that  the 
tracts  are  given  to  them  by  religious  people, 
and  that  they  are  bought  by  religious 
jjeople,  who  are  not  unfrequently  the  very 
same   persons   who    provided   the   tracts. 


Ver}'  few  petty  trading  beggars  take  to 
tract-selling  from  their  own  inspiration  ; 
for  in  good  sooth  it  does  not  pay,  except 
when  conducted  on  the  principle  I  have 
just  indicated.  Some  find  it  convenient 
to  exhibit  tracts  simply  to  evade  the  law 
applying  to  beggars  and  vagrants ;  but  they 
do  not  use  them  if  they  can  procure  a 
more  popular  article.  In  these  remarks 
it  is  very  far  from  my  intention  to  speak 
of  "  religious  people  "  with  any  disrespect. 
I  merely  use  the  ex])ression  "religious 
people"  to  denote  those  who  employ 
themselves  actively  and  constantly  in  dis- 
seminating religious  publications  among 
the  people.  Their  motives  and  their  efforts 
are  most  praiseworthy,  and  my  only  regret 
is  that  their  labours  are  not  rewarded  by  a 
larger  measure  of  success. 

An  Author's  Wife. 

In  the  course  of  my  inquiry  into  the 
habits,  condition,  and  mode  of  life  of  the 
petty  trading  beggars  of  London,  I  met 
with  a  young  woman  who  alleged  that  the 
publications  she  sold  were  the  production 
of  her  husband.  I  encountered  her  at  the 
bar  of  a  tavern,  where  I  was  occupied  in 
looking  out  for  "specimens"  of  the  class 
of  beggars,  which  I  am  now  describing. 
She  entered  the  bar  modestly  and  with 
seeming  diffidence.  She  had  some  printed 
sheets  in  her  hand.  I  asked  her  what  they 
were.  She  handed  me  a  sheet.  It  was 
entitled  the  Pretty  Girls  of  London.  It 
was  only  a  portion  of  the  work,  and  on  the 
last  page  was  printed  "  to  be  continued." 
"  Do  you  bring  this  out  in  numbers  ?"  I 
asked.  "Yes,  sir,"  she  replied,  "it  is 
written  by  my  husband,  and  he  is  con- 
tinuing it  from  time  to  time."  "  Are  you 
then  his  publisher  V  I  inquired.  "  Yes, 
sir,  my  husband  is  ill  a-bed,  and  I  am 
obliged  to  go  out  and  sell  his  work  for 
him .?"  I  looked  through  the  sheet,  and  I 
saw  that  it  was  not  a  very  decent  work. 
"Have  you  ever  read  this?"  I  enquired. 
"  Oh  yes,  sir,  and  I  think  it's  very  clever ; 
don't  you  think  so,  sir  ?"  It  certainly  was 
written  with  some  little  ability,  and  I  said 
so  ;  but  I  objected  to  its  morality.  Upon 
which  she  replied,  "  But  it's  what  takes, 
sir."  She  sold  several  copies  while  I  was 
present,  at  twopence  each  ;  but  one  or  two 
gave  her  fourpence  and  sixpence.  As  she 
was  leaving  I  made  further  inquiries  about 
her  husband.  She  said  he  was  an  author 
by  profession,  and  had  seen  better  days. 
He  was  very  ill,  and  unable  to  work.  I 
asked  her,  to  give  me  his  address  as  I  might 
be  of  some  assistance  to  him.  This  request 
seemed  to  perplex  her  ;  and  at  length  she 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOli. 


441 


said,  she  was  afraid  her  husband  would 
not  hke  to  see  me  ;  he  was  very  proud.  I 
have  since  ascertained  that  this  author's 
])retty  httic  wife  is  a  dangerous  impostor. 
She  hves,  or  did  hve  at  the  time  I  met  her, 
at  the  back  of  Clare  Market,  with  a  man 
(not  her  husband)  who  was  well  known  to 
the  police  as  a  notorious  begging-letter 
writer.  He  was  not  the  author  of  anything 
but  those  artful  appeals,  with  forged  signa- 
tures, of  which  I  have  given  specimens 
under  the  heading  of  "  Screevers."  I  was 
also  assured  by  an  officer  that  the  pretended 
authors  wife  had  on  one  occasion  been 
concerned  in  decoying  a  young  man  to  a 
low  lodging  near  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields,  where 
the  unsuspecting  youth  was  robbed  and 
maltreated. 


DEPENDANTS  OF  BEGGARS. 

The  dependants  of  beggars  may  be  di- 
vided into  screevers  proper;  i.e.,  writers 
of  "  slums  and  fakements  "  for  those  who 
live  by  "  screeving,"  and  referees,  or  those 
who  give  characters  to  professional  beg- 
gars when  references  are  required.  Beg- 
gars are  generally  born  and  bred  to  the 
business.  Their  fathers  and  mothers  were 
beggars  before  them,  and  they  have  an  here- 
ditary right  to  the  calling.  The  exceptions 
to  this  rule  are  those  who  have  fallen  into 
mendicancy,  and  follow  it  from  necessity, 
and  those  who  have  flown  to  it  in  a  mo- 
ment of  distress,  and  finding  it  more  lu- 
crative than  they  supposed,  adopted  it 
from  choice.  Hence  it  follows  that  the 
majority  are  entirely  destitute  of  educa- 
tion ;  and  by  education  I  mean  the  primary 
arts  of  reading  and  writing.  Where  there 
is  demand  there  is  supply,  and  the  wants 
of  mendicants  who  found  their  account  in 
"  pads,"  and  *'  slums,"  and  "  fakements," 
created  "  screevers." 

The  antecedents  of  the  screever  are 
always  more  or  less — and  generally  more 
— disreputable.  He  has  been  a  fraudulent 
clerk  imprisoned  for  embezzlement ;  or  a 
highly-respected  treasurer  to  a  philanthro- 
pic society,  who  has  made  off  witli  the 
funds  entrusted  to  him ;  or  a  petty  forger, 
whose  family  have  purchased  silence,  and 
"hushed  up"  a  scandal;  or,  more  fre- 
quently, that  most  dangerous  of  convicts, 
the  half-educated  convict — who  has  served 
his  time  or  escaped  his  bonds. 

Too  proud  to  beg  himself,  or,  more  pro- 
bably, too  well  known  to  the  police  to  dare 
face  daylight ;  ignorant  of  any  honest  call- 
ing, or  too  idle  to  practise  it ;  without 
courage  to  turn  thief  or  informer  ;  lazy, 


dissolute,  and  self-indulgent,  the  screever 
turns  his  little  education  to  the  worst  of 
j^urposes,  and  prepares  the  forgery  he  leaves 
tlie  more  fearless  cadger  to  utter. 

The  following  are  specimens  of  the 
screevers  work,  copied  from  the  original 
documents  in  the  possession  of  Mr.  Hors- 
ford,  of  the  Mendicity  Society  : — 

"Parish  ofBattersea  ; 
,   County  of  Surrey. 

"  This  memorial  sheweth  that  Mr.  Alex- 
ander Fyfe,  a  native  of  Port  Glasgow  N.B. 
and.  for  several  years  carrying  on  the  busi- 
ness of  a  NURSERY  and  SEEDSMAN  in 
this  parish,  became  security  for  his  son  in 
law  Andrew  Talfour  of  Bay  st.  Port  Glas- 
gow who  in  October  last  privately  disposed 
of  his  effects  and  absconded  to  the  colonies, 
leaving  his  wife  and  six  children  totally 
unprovided  for  and  the  said  Mr.  Alexander 
Fyfe  responsible  for  the  sum  of  £l3o0. 
the  sudden  reverse  of  fortune  together  with 
other  domestic  afflictions  so  preyed  on  the 
mind  of  Mr.  Fyfe  that  he  is  now  an  inmate 
of  a  LUNATIC  ASYLUM. 

"  The  said  Mr.  Fyfe  together  with  his 
family  have  hitherto  maintained  the  cha- 
racter of  HONESTY  and  INDUSTRY  in 
consideration  of  which  I  have  been  ear- 
nestly solicited  by  a  few  Benevolent  per- 
sons to  draw  up  this  statement  on  behalf 
of  the  bereaved  family.  I  have  therefore 
taken  on  myself  the  responsibillity  of  so 
doing  trusting  those  whom  Providence  has 
given  the  means  will  lend  their  timely  aid 
in  rescuing  a  respectable  family  from  the 
ruin  that  inevitably  awaits  them. 

"  GIVEN  under  my  Hand  at  the  VESTRY 
in  the  aforesaid  parish  of  Battersea  and 
County  of  Surrey  this  Twenty-Fourth  day 
of  February  in  the  year  of  Our  Lord  1851." 


John  Thomas  Freeman, 

£ 

Vestry  ClerL 
J.  S.  Jenkinson     

£5 

0 

Vicar  of  Battersea. 

Watson  and  Co 

£5 

.John  Forster  &  Co 

5 

lievd.  J.  Twining          

2 

2 

Alderman  J.  Humphery 

8ir  George  Pollock        

5 
5 

Southlands. 

£. 

Henry  Mitten        

2 

Wm.  Downs 

2 

Oak  wharf. 

Mrs.  Broadley  Wilson 

Sir  Henry  B.  Houghton 
Mrs.  Adml  Colin  Campbell  .. 
Col.  J.  Mc  Donall 

1 

£5 

1 

.£5 

.1 
paid. 

Anonymous 

.     2 

442 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Mrs.  Col.  Forbes £3 

Col.  W.  Mace    paid      5 

P.  IT.  Gillespie      5 

Minister  of  the  Scotch  Church 
Battersea  Rise 

3d  March  /31 
Messrs.  Moffiit,  Gillespie  &  Co.     5 


pd. 


My  readers  will  perceive  that  the  above 
document  is  written  in  a  semi-legal  style, 
with  a  profuse  amount  of  large  capitals, 
and  minute  particularity  in  describing  loca- 
lities, though  here  and  there  au  almost 
ostentatious  indifference  exists  upon  the 
same  points.  Thus  we  are  told  that  the 
parish  of  Battersea  is  in  the  county  of 
Surrey,  and  that  Port  Glasgow  is  in  North 
Britain,  while  on  the  other  hand  we  are 
only  informed  that  the  absconding  Andrew 
Talfour,  of  Bay  Street,  Port  Glasgow,  N.B., 
made  off  to  the  colonies,  which,  considering 
the  vast  extent  of  our  colonial  possessions, 
is  vague,  to  say  the  least  of  it.  It  must 
also  be  allowed  that,  the  beginning  the 
word  "benevolent "  in  the  second  paragraph 
with  a  capital  B  is  equally  to  the  credit  of 
the  writer's  head  and  heart.  It  is  odd 
that  after  having  spelt  "  responsible  "  so 
correctly,  the  writer  should  have  indulged  a 
playful  fancy  with  "  responsibiffity  ;"  but 
perhaps  trifling  orthographical  lapses  may 
be  in  keeping  with  the  assumed  character  of 
vestry-clerk.  Critically  speaking,  the  weak 
point  of  this  composition  is  its  punctua- 
tion ;  its  strong  point  the  concluding  para- 
graph, "  the  GIVEN  under  my  hand  at  the 
VESTRY,"  which  carries  with  it  the  double 
weight  of  a  'royal  proclamation,  and  the 
business-like'  formality  of  an  Admiralty 
contract ;  but  'the  composition  and  cali- 
graphy  are  trifles — the  real  genius  lies  in 
the  signatures. 

I  wish  my  readers  could  see  the  names 
attached  to  this  "Memorial"  as  they  lay 
before  me.  The  first,  "  J.  S.  Jenkinson," 
is  written  in  the  most  clerical  of  hands ; 
"  Watson  and  Co."  is  round  and  commer- 
cial ;  "  John  Eorster  &  Co."  the  same  ; 
the  "  Revd  J.  Twining"  scholarly  and 
easy  ;  "  Alderman  J.  Humphery  "  stiff  and 
upright.  These  names  are  evidently  copied 
from  the  Ked  Book  and  Directory  ;  some 
are  purely  fictitious ;  many  are  cleverly 
executed  forgeries. 

The  ingenuity  of  the  concocter  and  com- 
piler— of  the  sympathiser  with  the  woes 
of  Mr.  Alexander  Fyfe  of  Port  Glasgow, 
N.B. — was  exercised  in  vain.  The  im- 
posture was  detected  ;  he  was  taken  to  a 
police-court,  condemned,  and  sentenced. 

Here  is  the  case  of  another  unfortunate 
Scotchman  from  the  pen  of  the  same  gifted 
author.      The   handwriting,  the  wording, 


the  capitals,  and  the  N.B.'s,  are  identical 
with  those  of  the  warm-hearted  vestry- 
clerk  of  Battersea. 

"  These  are  to  certify  that  Mr.  Alexr.  Mal- 
colm Ship-Owner  and  General  Merchant, 
was  on  his  passage  from  FRASERBURGH. 
ABERDEENSHIRE.  N.B.  on  the  night  of 
the  3d.  inst  when  his  vessel  the  Susan  and 
Mary  of  Fraserburgh  laden  with  Corn  was 
run  down  by  a  "  steamer  name  unknown  " 
the  Crew  consisting  of  Six  persons  nar- 
rowly escaping  with  their  lives. 

"Mr.  Malcolm  sustained  a  loss  of  property 
by  the  appalling  event  to  the  amount  of 
£370.  and  being  a  person  of  exemplary  cha- 
racter with  a  numerous  family  entirely  de- 
pending upon  him  for  support  his  case  has 
excited  the  greatest  sympathy,  it  has  there- 
fore been  proposed  by  a  few  of  his  friends 
to  enter  into  a  subscription  on  his  behalf 
with  a  view  of  raising  by  voluntary  contri- 
butions a  sufficient  sum  to  release  him 
from  his  present  embarrassed  situation. 

"  I  have  known  him  for  several  years  a 
constant  trader  to  this  wharf,  and  consider 
him  worthy  of  every  sympathy." 

Leith  and  Glasgow  Wharf)  Joseph  Adams  £5  0  0 
London  May  6th.  1847    {Geo.  Carroll        5 

A.  Nichol  &  Sons  pd 5 

P.  Laurie 
Vivian  &  Sons 


J.  H.  Petty     ... 
Messi-s.  Drummond 
Cranford  Colvin  &  Co 
Baring  Bx'others 
Curries  &  Co.  ... 
Jono.  Price 
Keid,  Irving  &  Co 


£5  pd. 
£3 

5 

3 

5 
£5 


3 
2  pd 


The  signatures  attached  to  this  are  imi- 
tations of  the  handwriting  of  various  firms, 
each  distinct,  individual,  and  apparently 
genuine. 

The  next  "  scree ve  "  takes  the  form  of  a 
resolution  at  a  public  meeting  : — 

<'Notting-Hill,  District 
Parish  of  Kensington 

August  6th,  1857 

"  The  Gentry  and  Clergy  of  this  neigh- 
bourhood wiU  no  doubt  remember  that  the 
late  Mr.  Edward  Wyatt,  (for  many  years  a 
respectable  tradesman  in  this  parish)  died 
in  embarrassed  circumstances  in  1855, 
leaving  a  Widow  and  Seven  Children  to- 
tally unprovided  for,  the  eldest  of  whom  a 
fine  Girl  19  years  of  age  having  been  a 
Cripple  from  her  Birth  has  received  a  liberal 
education  and  is  considered  a  competent 
person  to  superintend  a  SEMINARY  for 
the  tuition  of  young  females  which  would 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


443 


materially  assist  her  Mother  in  supporting 
a  numerous  family. 

"  A  meeting  was  convened  on  Monday 
evening  the  3rd  inst  (the  Revd  J.  P.  Gall, 
Incumbent  of  St.  Jcyans,  in  the  Chair) 
when  it  was  unanimously  proposed  to  enter 
into  a  subscription  with  a  view  of  raising 
by  voluntary  contributions  the  sum  of  £40 
in  order  to  establish  the  afflicted  girl  in 
this  praiseworthy  undertaking,  I  have  been 
instructed  by  the  Parochial  Authorities  to 
draw  up  this  statement  and  therefore  take 
upon  myself  the  responsibility  of  so  doing 
knowing  the  case  to  be  one  meriting  sym- 
pathy. 

"Signed 

By  order  of  the  Chairman 
Keuben  Green 
Subscriptions  received  j  Vestry  Clerk" 

at  the  Meeting, 
£11  13     6 

RevdJ.  P.  Gill     £1     0     0 

Mrs.  W.  Money    10     0 

Chushington £1 

Mrs  Coventry     paid     10/ 

J.  &W.  S.  Huntley! 

Addison  Terrace   >           pd       ...  1     1 
Notting  Hill     ) 

Mrs.  Cribb         pd        5     0 

The  Misses  Shorland     7     6 

Mrs  Harris     5     0 

Miss  Hall  Lansdowne  Crescent     ...  10/ 

W.  Atkinson             pd         ...  5     0 

Thos  Jacomb 5     0 

Miss  J.  Robertson         paid  ...  5     0 

The  Misses  Howard      5     0 


pd 


The  above  letter  is  written  in  a  better 
style  than  those  preceding  it.  Great  talent 
is  exhibited  in  the  imitations  of  '•  lady's- 
hand."  The  signatures  "  Mrs.  Coventry," 
"Mrs.  Cribb,"  "The  Misses  Howard,"  and 
"Mrs.  Harris"  (surely  this  screever  must 
have  been  familiar  with  the  works  of 
Dickens),  are  excellently  done,  but  are  sur- 
passed by  the  clever  execution  of  the  letters 
forming  the  names,  "  The  Misses  Shorland  " 
and  "  Miss  Hall  Lansdowne  Crescent,"  which 
are  masterpieces  of  feminine  caligraphy. 

The  following  note  was  sent  to  its  ad- 
dress, accompanied  by  a  memorial  in  one 
of  the  House  of  Commons  envelopes,  but 
the  faulty  grammar,  so  unlike  the  style  in 
which  a  member  of  Parliament  ought  to 
write,  betrayed  it. 

"  Committee  Room  No,  3 

House  of  Commons 
"  Mr.  J.  Whatman  presents  his  respectful 
compliments  to  the  Revd.  W.  Smith  Mar- 
riott at  the  earnest  request  of  the  poor 
families  (whose  case  will  be  fully  explained 
on  perusal  of  the  accompanying  document 


in  the  bearer's  possession),  begs  to  submit 
it  for  that  gentlemen's  charitable  consi- 
deration. 

"The  persons  whom  this  concerns  are 
natives  of  Cranbrook  Gondhurst,  Brench- 
ley  &c  and  bears  unexceptionable  charac- 
ters, they  have  the  honor  of  knowing  Mr. 
IMarriott  at  Worsmorden  and  trust  he  will 
add  his  signature  to  the  list  of  subscribers, 
for  which  favour  they  will  feel  grateful. 

"J.  Whatman  takes  more  than  ordinary 
interest  in  this  case  having  a  knowledge  of 
its  authenticity,  he  therefore  trusts  that 
the  motives  which  actuates  him  in  com- 
plying with  the  request  will  be  deemed  a 
sufficient  apology. 

Friday  Evening 
May  28,  1858" 

"  This  Memorial  sheweth  that  Mr.  Henry 
Shepherd  a  General  Carrier  from  EWELL, 
CHEAM,  SCJTTON  &c.  to  LONDON  VIA 
Mitchem,  Morden,  Tooting  and  Clapham, 
was  returning  home  on  the  Evening  of 
Thursday  the  26th  inst  when  near  the 
Elephant  and  Castle,  his  Horse  took  fright 
at  a  Band  of  street  Musicians  and  ran  off 
at  a  furious  pace,  the  Van  coming  in  con- 
tact with  a  Timber  carriage  was  dashed  to 
pieces,  the  Animal  received  such  injuries 
as  caused  its  death,  and  Mr.  SHEPHERD 
endeavouring  to  save  the  property  entrusted 
to  his  care  for  delivery  had  his  Right  Leg 
fractured  and  is  now  an  inmate  of  GUYS 
HOSPITAL. 

"  On  further  investigation  We  find  his  loss 
exceeds  £70.  and  knowing  him  to  be  an 
Industrious,  Honest  man,  with  a  large 
family  depending  upon  his  exertions  for 
support  We  earnestly  beg  leave  to  recom- 
mend his  case  to  the  notice  of  the  Gentry 
and  Clergy  of  his  neighbourhood,  trusting 
their  united  Donations  in  conjunction  with 
our  mutual  assistance  will  release  a  deserv- 
ing family  from  their  present  unfortunate 
position  in  life. 


Hands  this  30th  day  of 
August  in  the  Year  of 

£ 
•William  Harmer   2 

Our  Lord  1858" 

J 

Geo.  Stone  Ewell    ... 

...  £2 

Sir  Geo.  L.  Glyn     ... 

... 

...       2     2 

F.  Gosling       

.  .  . 

...       2     2 

Revd  W.  H.  Vernon 

... 

...£l 

Morton  Stubbs 

•  .  • 

...     1     1 

Sutton 

Edmund  Antrobus. . . 

•  a  • 

..< 

...£2     2 

pd  to  Bearer 

2d/9th/58 

W.  R.  G.  Farmer  ... 

... 

... 

...  £2     2 

pd. 

Revd.  R.  Bouchier... 


£2  pd. 


4-ii 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOlL 


My  readers  must  admire  the  ingenuity 
of  this  letter.  The  VIA  Mitchem  looks 
so  formal  and  convincing.  The  grouping 
of  the  circumstances— the  "  local  colour- 
ing," as  the  critics  would  call  it,  which 
contributed  to  the  ruin  of  the  ill-fated 
general  carrier  Henry  Shepherd — is  ex- 
cellent.— "Near  the  Elephant  and  Castle 
his  horse  took  fright  at  a  band  of  street 
musicians. "  What  more  natural  ?  "  Ran 
off  at  a  furious  pace.  The  van,  coming  in 
contact  with  a  timber  carriage,  was  dashed 
to  pieces.  The  Animal,"  not  the  horse — 
that  would  have  been  tautological,  and 
Animal  with  a  capital  A.  "The  Animal 
received  such  injuries  as  caused  its  death, 
and  Mr.  Shepherd,  endeavouring  to  save 
tlie  property  entrusted  to  his  care — ."  Ad- 
mirable man  !  Devoted  carrier  ! — leaving 
his  van  to  smash— his  horse  to  perish  as 
they  might,  that  the  goods  confided  to  him 
might  receive  no  hurt.  "  .  .  .  .  endeavour- 
ing to  save  the  property  entrusted  to  his 
care  for  delivery,  had  his  right  leg  fractured, 
and  is  now  an  inmate  of  Guy's  Hospital." 

This  is  as  well  conceived  and  carried  out 
as  Sheridan's  pistol-bullet  that  misses  its 
mark,  "strikes  a  bronze  Hercules  in  the 
mantel-piece,  glances  off  through  the 
window,  and  wounds  the  postman  who  was 
coming  to  the  door  with  a  double  letter 
from  Northamptonshire  !" 

The  word  "  Paid  "  and  its  abbreviation  pd. 
is  scattered  here  and  there  artistically 
among  the  subscriptions.  A  small  note 
in  a  different  hand,  in  a  corner  of  the  last 
page  shov/s  the  fate  of  industry  and  talent 
misapplied.     It  runs  : — 

"  Taken  from  Thos.  Shepherd,  Sept.  13. 
Mansion  House.  Lord  Mayor  Sir  A.  Garden. 
Committed  for  3  months. 

"  J.  W.  HORSFORD." 

The  last  instance  I  shall  cite  is  pecuHar, 
from  the  elaborate  nature  of  the  deception, 
and  from  containing  a  forgery  of  the  signa- 
ture of  Lord  Brougham.  The  screever,  in 
this  case,  has  taken  a  regularly  printed 
Warrant,  Execution,  or  Distress  for  Rent, 
filled  it  up  with  the  name  of  Mrs.  Julia 
Thompson,  &c.,  and  placed  an  imaginary 
inventory  to  a  fictitious  seizure.  The  word 
"Patent"  is  spelt  *'  Pattent,"  which  might 
be  allowable  in  a  broker's  man,  but  when 
"Ewer"  is  written  "Ure,"  1  think  he  is 
too  hard  upon  the  orthography  peculiar  to 
the  officers  of  the  Sherifl:'  of  Middlesex, 
particularly  as  it  is  evident  from  tlie  rest 
of  the  filling-in  of  the  form  that  the  error 
is  intentional.  Not  only  law  but  science 
is  invoked  in  aid  of  this   capital   case  of 


sham  real  distress.  "  Pleuro-Pneumonia '' 
looks  veterinary  and  veracious  enough  to 
carry  conviction  to  the  hearts  of  the  most 
sceptical. 


2  s « ot 

tn  o  S   Ff=1 


.2  M 


\c .:::; 


>•-. 


o  c  C  a*  .2 

&  £  u  ^  ^ 
rt   K  ^  o  & 

o  '^  g  U  .S 

a.  ■—  *J   O  2 

2.H 

o  ■-; 

(-,   c:  r—  > 


•25.3 


o'^  ia   %   V.  ^ 

bc.S/=  a  p  o 
.   CO  -.J  c  o  <; 

C3     'JO  "r-  —  ^ 

=  ;5  -§  S I  £ 

o « 2  i  -^  - 

o  ii<  I-  <i>  3 


"  TAKE  NOTICE,  That  by 
the  authority  and  on  the  be- 
half of  your  Landlord,  ^Dios. 
Young,  I  have  this  Sixteenth 
day  of  April  in  the  year  of  Our 
Lord  One  thousand  eight  hun- 
dred and  fifty-six  distrained 
the  several  goods  and  chattels 
specified  in  the  (Schedule  or 
Inventory  hereinunder  written 
in 

19  Praed  Street 

iu  the  Parish  of 
Paddington  in  the  County  of 
Middlesex,  for  Twenty-nine 
pounds,  being  Twelve  Months 
and  arrears  Rent  due  to  the 
said  Mr.  Thos.  Young 

at  Ninth  Febry  last 
and  if  you  shall  not  pay  the 
said  Twelve  Months  and 
Arrears  Rent  so  due  and  in 
arrear  as  aforesaid  together  with  the  costs 
and  charges  of  this  distress  or  replevy  the 
said  goods  and  chattels  within  five  days 
from  the  date  hereof  I  shall  cause  the  said 
goods  and  chattels  to  be  appraised  and 
sold,  pursuant  to  the  statute  in  that  case 
made  and  provided. 

"Given  under   iny   hand   the   day  and 
3'^ear  above  written. 

"J.  W.  Russell. 
"  Sworn  Broker,  &c. 

"  To  Mrs.  Juha  Thompson." 

Tlio  Scliedule  or  Inventory  above  referred  to  : — 

Mahogany  Drawers 

Mahogany  Dining  Tables 

Six  Mahogany  Seated  Chairs 

Two  Arm  Do.         Do. 

One  Eight-Day  clock 

Six  Oil  Paintings  Gilt  J'rames 

One  Large  Pier  Glass 

Carpet  and  Hearthrug 

Fender  and  Fire-irons 

Quantity  of  Chimney  Ornaments 

Six  Kitchen  Chairs 

One  Long  Table  Deal 

One  Large  Copper  Boiler 

Two  Copper  Kettles 

Pattent  Mangle 

One  Large  Water  Butt 

Two  Washing  Tubs 

1^  Doz.  of  Knifes  and  Forkes 

Quantity  of  Earthenwaie  &:c.  i!v:c. 

Two  Feather  Beds  &  Bedding 

One  Flock      Do  Do. 

Two  T>Iahogany  Beiistcads 

One  French         Do 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


445 


Washhand  stand  lire  &c. 
Two  Hair  Mattiesi^^e.> 
Three  Bedroom  Chaii's 
One  set  of  Bedroom  Carpeting 
Staircase  Carpeting,  Brass  Hods  &c 
One  Milch  Cow 
One  Cart  Mare 
One  Dung  Cart 
One  Wheelbariovv 
Three  Cwt.  of  Hay 
Quantity  of  Manure 
And  Sundry  Dairy  Utensils 
&c.  &o,  &c. 

On  the  bad:  of  this  legal  document  is 
written  : 

"  This  memorial  sheweth  that  Mrs.  Julia 
Thompson,  widow,  Cowkeeper  and  Dairy- 
woman  has  since  the  demise  of  her  hus- 
band which  took  place  in  1849  supported 
a  family  consisting  of  six  children  by  the 
assistance  of  a  small  Dairy  the  Pleuro- 
pneumonia a  disease  Among  Cattle  has 
prevailed  in  the  neighbourhood  for  several 
weeks  during  which  time  she  has  lost  five 
Milch  Cows  estimated  at  £7o.  ,,  ,,  which 
will  end  in  her  entire  ruin  unless  aided  by 
the  Hands  of  the  Benevolent  whose  Dona- 
tions in  conjunction  with  Our  mutual  as- 
sistance will  We  trust  enable  Mrs. Thompson 
to  realize  some  part   of  her  lost  property 


louow  ner  J3usiness  xis  ue 
H.  Peters 

£3 

3     0 

April  17th,  185G 

Chaplin  k  Home 

.£2 

Mrs.  Gore 

.    1 

Revd  J.  W.  Buckley  . . 

2 

Revd  John  Miles 

*.      1 

Mrs.  J.  Shaw 

<2 

paid 

C.  Lushington 

'.     3 

3 

W.  H.  Orrasby 

.      2 

C.  Molyneux 

.      1 

Miss  Ferrers  . . 

0 

paid 

W.Emmitt 

2 

2 

Anonymous    .. 

.      2 

0 

Misses  Gregg . . 

.      2 

2 

Miss  Browne  .. 

.      1 

J.  B.  White  &  Bros  . . 

.      3 

pd 

Thos  Slater     . . 

.      2 

W.  T.  Bird 

2 

pd. 

Miss  Hamilton 

<> 

paid 

Revd.  J.  A.  Toole      . , 

2 

paid 

Mr.  Hopgood 

.      2 

Paid 

A  Friend  to  the  Widow 

.      3 

3 

Paid  to 

I\Ir.  Pegg 

Richd  Green  . . 

.  £2 

pd 

Revd  A.  M.  Campbell 

.      3 

W.  P.  France 

.      1 

W.  M.  N.  Reilly 

.      2 

2 

Mrs.  Forbes   . . 

2 

pd 

R.  Gurney 

'.      1 

J.  Spurling    . . 

2 

pd 

Geo.  R.  Ward 

.'      1 

Miss  Brown    . . 

2 

Mrs  Needham 

o 

•          .J 

Paid 

Mr  Davidson  . .  . ,  . .  £2 

Mrs.  H.  Scott  Waring  ..      3     3 

Mrs  Hall        11 

Saml.  Venables  . .  . .      2 

Revd.  A.  Taylor         ..  ..1 

Revd.  H.  V.  Le  Bas  . .  . .      1 

Thomas  Bunting        . .  . .      2     pd. 

Mrs  &  Miss  Vullamy  . .      3 

Revd.  C.SmalW     '  ..  ..      5 

Miss  Smalley ..  '         ..  ..      3 

Lord  Biougham  . .  . .      2 

The  two  most  notorious  "  screcvers"  of 
the  present  day  are  LIr.  Sullivan  and  Mr,, 
Johnson  of  Westminster,  or  as  he  is  proud 
of  being  called,  "  Johnson  the  Schemer." 

Referees 

are  generally  keepers  of  low  lodging-houses, 
brothels,  &c.,  or  small  tradesmen  who  sup- 
ply thieves  and  beggars  with  chandlery,  &:c. 
When  applied  to  for  the  cliaracter  of  any 
of  their  friends  and  confederates,  they  give 
them  an  excellent  recommendation — but 
are  careful  not  to  overdo  it.  With  that 
highest  sort  of  artfulness  that  conceals  art- 
fulness, they  -know  when  to  stop,  and 
seldom  or  never  betray  themselves  by  say- 
ing too  much. 

"Mrs.  Simmons!"  said  one  of  them  in 
answer  to  an  application  for  character — 
"  ah,  yes,  sir,  I  known  her  a  good  many 
years,  and  a  very  honest,  hard-working,  in- 
dustrious, sober  sort  of  a  person  I  always 
knowed  her  to  be,  at  least  as  far  as  /  see — 
I  never  see  nothing  wrong  in  the  woman 
for  my  part.  The  carliest-uppest,  and 
downest-latest  woman  1  ever  see,  and  well 
she  need  be,  with  that  family  of  hers — nine 
on  'em,  and  the  eldest  girl  a  idiot.  When 
first  I  knew  her,  sir,  her  husband  was  alive, 
and  then  Susan — that's  the  idiot,  sir,  were 
a  babe  in  arms — her  husband  was  a  bad 
man  to  her,  sir — the  way  that  man  drunk 
and  spent  his  money  among  all  the  lowest 
girls  and  corner-coves  was  awful  to  see, — 
I  mean  by  corner-coves  them  sort  of  men 
who  is  always  a  standing  at  the  corners  of 
the  streets  and  chaffing  respectable  folks  a 
passing  by — we  call  them  corner-coves 
al^out  here  ;  but  as  to  poor  Mrs.  Simmons, 
sir,  that  husband  of  hers  tret  her  awful — 
though  he's  dead  and  gone  now,  jjoor  man, 
and  perhaps  I  have  no  right  to  speak  ill  on 
the  dead.  He  had  some  money  with  her 
too — two  hundred  pound  1  heard— her 
father  was  a  builder  in  a  small  way — and 
lived  out  towards  Fulham — a  very  deserv- 
ing woman  I  always  found  her,  sir,  and  I 
have  helped  her  a  little  bit  myself,  not 
much  of  course,  for  my  circumstances 
would  not  allow  of  it ;  I've  a  wife  and  fa- 
mily myself — and  I  have  often  been  wish- 


446 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ful  I  could  help  her  more,  but  what  can  a 
man  do  as  has  to  pay  his  rent  and  taxes, 
and  bring  up  his  family  respectable  ?  When 
her  last  baby  but  two  had  the  ring-worm 
we  helped  her  now  and  then  with  a  loaf  of 
bread — poor  thing — it  ran  right  through 
the  family,  that  ring-worm  did — six  on 
'em  had  it  at  the  same  time,  she  told  us — 
and  then  they  took  the  measles — the  most 
unluckiest  family  in  catching  things  as  goes 
about  I  never  saw — but  as  to  Mrs.  Simmons 
herself,  sir,  poor  thing— a  more  hard- 
workinger  and  honester  woman  I  never, 
&c.,  &c.,  &c." 

DISTRESSED  OPERATIVE  BEGGARS. 

All  beggars  are  ingenious  enough  to  make 
capital  of  public  events.  They  read  the 
newspapers,  judge  the  bent  of  popular 
sympathy,  and  decide  on  the  "lay  "  to  be 
adopted.  The  "Times  "informs  its  readers 
that  two  or  three  hundred  English  naviga- 
tors have  been  suddenly  turned  adrift  in 
France.  The  native  labourers  object  to 
the  employment  of  aliens,  and  our  stalwart 
countrymen  have  been  subjected  to  in- 
sult as  well  as  privation.  The  beggar's 
course  is  taken  ;  he  goes  to  Petticoat  Lane, 
purchases  a  white  smock  frock,  a  purple  or 
red  plush  waistcoat  profusely  ornamented 
with  wooden  buttons,  a  coloured  cotton 
neckerchief,  and  a  red  nightcap.  If  pro- 
curable "  in  the  Lane,"  he  also  buys  a 
pair  of  coarse-ribbed  grey  worsted-stock- 
ings, and  boots  whose  enormous  weight  is 
increased  by  several  pounds  of  iron  nails  in 
their  thick  soles  ;  even  then  he  is  not  per- 
fect, he  seeks  a  rag  and  bottle  and  old  iron 
shop — your  genuine  artist-beggar  never  asks 
for  what  is  new,  he  prefers  the  worn,  the 
used,  the  ragged  and  the  rusty — and  bar- 
gains for  a  spade.  The  proprietor  of  the  shop 
knows  perfectly  well  that  his  customer  re- 
quires an  article  for  show,  not  service,  and 
they  part  with  a  mutual  grin,  and  the 
next  day  every  street  swarms  with  groups 
of  distressed  navigators.  Popular  feeling 
is  on  their  side,  and  halfpence  shower 
round  them.  Meanwhile  the  poor  fellows 
for  whom  all  this  generous  indignation  is 
evoked  are  waiting  in  crowds  at  a  French 
port  till  the  British  Consul  passed  them 
over  to  their  native  soil  as  paupers. 

The  same  tactics  are  pursued  with  manu- 
factures. Beggars  read  the  list  of  patents, 
and  watch  the  effect  of  every  fresh  dis- 
covery in  mechanics  on  the  operatives  of 
Lancashire  and  Yorkshire.  A  new  machine 
is  patented.  So  many  hands  are  thrown 
out  of  work.  So  many  beggars,  who  have 
never  seen  Lancashire,  except  when  on  the 


tramp,  are  heard  in  London.  A  strike 
takes  f)lace  at  several  mills,  pretended 
"  hands  "  next  day  parade  the  streets.  Even 
the  variability  of  our  climate  is  pressed 
into  the  "  cadging  "  service  ;  a  frost  locks 
up  the  rivers,  and  hardens  the  earth,  rusty 
spades  and  gardening  tools  are  in  demand, 
and  the  indefatigable  beggar  takes  the 
pavement  in  another  "  fancy  dress."  Every 
social  shipwreck  is  watched  and  turned  to 
account  by  these  systematic  land-wreckers, 
who  have  reduced  false  signals  to  a  regular 
code,  and  beg  by  rule  and  line  and  chart 
and  compass. 

Starved-out  Manufacturers 

parade  in  gangs  of  four  and  five,  or  with 
squahd  wives  and  a  few  children.  They  wear 
paper-caps  and  white  aprons  with  "bibs" 
to  them,  or  a  sort  of  cross-barred  pinafore, 
called  in  the  manufacturing  districts  a 
"  chequer-brat."  Sometimes  they  make  a 
"  pitch,"  that  is,  stand  face  to  face,  turning 
their  backs  upon  a  heartless  world,  and 
sing.    The  well-known  ditty  of 

"  We  are  all  the  way  from  Manches-ter 
And  we've  got  no  work  to  do  !" 

set  to  the  tune  of,  "  Oh  let  us  be  joyful," 
was  first  introduced  by  this  class  of  beggars. 
Or  they  will  carry  tapes,  stay-laces,  and 
papers  of  buttons,  and  throw  imploring 
looks  from  side  to  side,  and  beg  by  imph- 
cation.  Or  they  will  cock  their  chins  up 
in  the  air,  so  as  to  display  the  unpleasantly 
prominent  apples  in  their  bony  throats,  and 
drone  a  psalm.  When  they  go  out  "  on 
the  blob,"  they  make  a  long  oration,  not 
in  the  Lancashire  or  Yorkshire  dialects, 
but  in  a  cockney  voice,  of  a  strong  White- 
chapel  flavour.  The  substance  of  the  speech 
varies  but  slightly  from  the  "  patter  "  of 
the  hand-loom  weaver  ;  indeed,  the  Notting- 
ham "  driz "  or  lace-man,  the  hand  on 
strike,  the  distressed  weaver,  and  the 
"  operative "  beggar,  generally  bear  so 
strong  a  resemblance  to  each  other,  that 
they  not  only  look  like  but  sometimes  posi- 
tively are  one  and  the  same  person. 

Unemployed  Agriculturists 
and 
Feozen-out  Gardeners 

are  seen  during  a  frost  in  gangs  of  'from 
six  to  twenty.  Two  gangs  generally 
"  work "  together,  that  is,  while  one  gang 
begs  at  one  end  of  a  street,  a  second  gang 
begs  at  the  other.  Their  mode  of  procedure 
their  "  programme,"  is  very  simple.  Upon 
the  spades  which  they  carry  is  chalked 
"  frozen-out !"  or  "  starving !"  and  they  en- 
hance the  effect   of  this  "slum    or   fake- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


447 


ment,"  by  shouting  out  sturdily  "  frozen 
out,"  "We're  all  frozen-out!"  The  gardeners 
diflfer  from  the  agriculturists  or  "navvies" 
in  their  costume.  They  affect  aprons  and 
old  straw  hats,  their  manner  is  less  demon- 
strative, and  their  tones  less  rusty  and  unme- 
lodious.  The  "  navvies  "  roar  ;  the  gardeners 
squeak.  The  navvies'  petition  is  made 
loud  and  lustily,  as  by  men  used  to  work 
in  clay  and  rock ;  the  gardeners'  voice  is 
meek  and  mild,  as  of  a  gentle  nature  trained 
to  tend  on  fruits  and  flowers.  The  young 
bulky,  sinewy  beggar  plays  navvy ;  the 
shrivelled,  gravelly,  pottering,  elderly  cadger 
performs  gardener. 

There  can  be  no  doubt  that  in  times  of 
hardship  many  honest  labourers  are  forced 
into  the  streets  to  beg.  A  poor  hard- 
working man,  whose  children  cry  to  him 
for  food,  can  feel  no  scruple  in  soliciting 
charity,— against  such  the  writer  of  these 
pages  would  urge  nothing  ;  all  credit  to  the 
motive  that  compels  them  unwillingly  to 
ask  alms  ;  all  honour  to  the  feeling  that 
prompts  the  listener  to  give.  It  is  not  the 
purpose  of  the  author  of  this  work  to  write 
down  every  mendicant  an  impostor,  or 
every  almsgiver  a  fool ;  on  the  contrary, 
he  knows  how  much  real  distress,  and 
how  much  real  benevolence  exist,  and  he 
would  but  step  between  the  open  hand  of 
true  charity,  and  the  itching  palm  of  the 
professional  beggar,  who  stands  between 
the  misery  that  asks  and  the  philanthropy 
that  would  relieve. 

The  winter  of  1860-61  was  a  fine  harvest 
for  the  "  frozen  out "  impostors,  some  few 
of  whom,  happily,  reaped  the  reward  of 
their  deserts  in  the  police-courts.  Three 
strong  hearty  men  were  brought  up  at  one 
office  ;  they  said  that  they  were  starving, 
and  they  came  from  Horselydown ;  when 
searched  six  shillings  and  elevenpence 
were  found  upon  them ;  they  reiterated 
that  they  were  starving  and  were  out  of 
work,  on  which  the  sitting  magistrate 
kindly  provided  them  with  both  food  and 
employment,  by  sentencing  them  to  seven 
days'  hard  labour. 

The  "  profits  "  of  the  frozen-out  gardener 
and  agriculturist  are  very  large,  and  gene- 
rally quadruples  the  sum  earned  by  honest 
labour.  In  the  February  of  1861,  four  of 
these  "distressed  navvies"  went  into  a 
public-house  to  divide  the  "  swag  "  they 
had  procured  by  one  day's  shouting.  Each 
had  a  handkerchief  filled  with  bread  and 
meat  and  cheese.  They  called  for  pots  of 
porter  and  drank  heartily,  and  when  the 
reckoning  was  paid  and  the  spoils  equally 
divided,  the  share  of  each  man  was  seven 
shilhngs. 


The  credulity  of  the  public  upon  one 
point  has  often  surprised  me.  A  man 
comes  out  into  the  streets  to  say  that  he  is 
starving,  a  few  halfpence  are  thrown  to 
him.  If  really  hungry  he  would  make  for 
the  nearest  baker's  shop  ;  but  no,  he  picks 
up  the  coppers,  pockets  them,  and  pro- 
claims again  that  he  is  starving,  though  he 
has  the  means  of  obtaining  food  in  his 
fingers.  Not  that  this  obvious  anachronism 
stops  the  current  of  benevolence  or  the 
chink  of  coin  upon  the  stones — the  fainting, 
famished  fellow  walks  leisurely  up  the 
street,  and  still  bellows  out  in  notes  of 
thunder,  "I  am  starving!"  If  one  of  my 
readers  will  try  when  faint  and  exhausted 
to  produce  the  same  tone  in  the  open  air, 
he  will  realize  the  impossibility  of  shouting 
and  starving  simultaneously. 

Hand -LOOM  Weavers   and   Othees    de- 
prived OF  THEIR  Living  by  Machinery. 

As  has  been  before  stated,  the  regular 
beggar  seizes  on  the  latest  pretext  for  a 
plausible  tale  of  woe.  Improvements  in 
mechanics,  and  consequent  cheapness  to  the 
many,  are  usually  the  causes  of  loss  to  the 
few.  The  sufterings  of  this  minority  is 
immediately  turned  to  account  by  veteran 
cadgers,  who  rush  to  their  wardrobes  of 
well-chosen  rags,  attire  themselves  in  appro- 
priate costume,  and  ply  their  calling  with 
the  last  grievance  out.  When  unprovided 
with  "  patter,"  they  seek  the  literati  of 
their  class,  and  buy  a  speech  ;  this  they 
partly  commit  to  memory-,  and  trust  to 
their  own  ingenuity  to  improvise  any  little 
touches  that  may  prove  effective.  Many 
"  scree  vers,  slum-scribblers,  and  fakement- 
dodgers  "  eke  out  a  living  by  this  sort  of 
authorship.  Real  operatives  seldom  stir 
from  their  own  locality.  The  sympathy  of 
their  fellows,  their  natural  habits,  and  the 
occasional  relief  afibrded  by  the  parish 
bind  them  to  their  homes,  and  the  "  dis- 
tressed weaver "  is  generally  a  spurious 
metropolitan  production.  The  following  is 
a  copy  of  one  of  their  prepared  orations  : 

"My  kind  Christian  Friends, 

"  We  are  poor  working-men  from 

which  cannot  obtain  bread  by  our  labour, 
owing  to  the  new  alterations  and  inventions 
which  the  master-manufacturers  have  in- 
troduced, which  spares  them  the  cost  of 
employing  hands,  and  does  the  work  by 
machinery  instead.  Yes,  kind  friends, 
machinery  and  steam-engines  now  does 
the  work,  which  formerly  was  done  by  our 
hands  and  work  and  labour.  Our  masters 
have  turned  us  off,  and  we  are  without 
bread  and  knowing  no  other  trade  but  that 


448 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOIL 


Avhicli  we  was  born  and  bred  to,  we  are 
compelled  to  ask  your  kind  assistance,  for 
which,  be  sure  of  it,  we  shall  be  ever 
grateful.  As  we  have  said,  masters  now 
employs  machinery  and  steam-engines 
instead  of  men,  forgetting  that  steam- 
engines  have  no  families  of  wives  or  chil- 
dren, and  consequently  are  not  called  on 
to  provide  for  them.  We  are  without  bread 
to  put  into  our  mouths,  also  our  wives  and 
children  are  the  same.  Foreign  competition 
has  drove  our  masters  to  this  step,  and  we 
working-men  are  the  sufferers  thereby. 
Kind  friends,  drop  your  compassion  on  us  : 
the  smallest  trifle  will  be  thankfully 
received,  and  God  w'ill  bless  you  for  the 
relief  you  give  to  us.  May  you  never  know 
what  it  is  to  be  as  we  are  now,  drove  from 
our  work,  and  forced  to  come  out  into  the 
streets  to  beg  your  charity  from  door  to 
door.  Have  pity  on  us,  for  our  situation  is 
most  wretched.  Our  wives  and  families 
are  starving,  our  children  cry  to  us  for 
bread,  and  we  have  none  to  give  them. 
Oh,  my  friends,  look  down  on  us  with 
compassion.     We    are   poor  working-men, 

weavers  from which  cannot  obtain 

bread  by  our  labour  owing  to  the  new  in- 
ventions in  machinery,  which,  &c,  &c.  etc. 

In  concluding  this  section  of  our  work, 
I  would  commend  to  the  notice  of  my 
readers  the  following  observations  on  alms- 
giving :— 

The  poor  will  never  cease  from  the 
land.  There  always  will  be  exceptional 
excesses  and  outbreaks  of  distress  that  no 
plan  could  have  provided  against,  and 
there  always  will  be  those  who  stand  with 
open  palm  to  receive,  in  the  face  of  heaven, 
our    tribute    of   gratitude   for    our    own 


happier  lot.  Yet  there  is  a  duty  of  the 
head  as  well  as  of  the  heart,  and  Ave  are 
bound  as  much  to  use  our  reason  as  to 
minister  of  our  abundance.  The  same 
heaven  that  has  rewarded  our  labours,  and 
filled  our  garners  or  our  coffers,  or  at  least, 
given  us  favour  in  the  sight  of  merchants 
and  bankers,  has  given  us  also  brains,  and 
consequently  a  charge  to  employ  them. 
So  we  are  bound  to  sift  appeals,  and  con- 
sider how  best  to  direct  our  benevolence. 
Whoever  thinks  that  charity  consists  in 
mere  giving,  and  that  he  has  only  to  put 
his  hand  in  his  pocket,  or  draw  a  check  in 
favour  of  somebody  who  is  very  much  in 
want  of  money,  and  looks  very  grateful  for 
favours  to  be  received,  will  find  himself 
taught  better,  if  not  in  the  school  of  ad- 
versity, at  least  by  many  a  hard  lesson 
of  kindness  thrown  away,  or  perhaps  ver}^ 
brutishly  repaid.  As  animals  have  their 
habits,  so  there  is  a  large  class  of  mankind 
whose  single  cleverness  is  that  of  repre- 
senting themselves  as  justly  and  naturally 
dependent  on  the  assistance  of  others,  who 
look  paupers  from  their  birth,  who  seek 
givers  and  forsake  those  who  have  given 
as  naturally  as  a  tree  sends  its  roots  into 
new  soil  and  deserts  the  exhausted.  It  is 
the  office  of  reason — reason  improved  by 
experience — to  teach  us  not  to  waste  our 
own  interest  and  our  resources  on  beings 
that  will  be  content  to  live  on  our  bounty, 
and  will  never  return  a  moral  profit  to  our 
charitable  industry.  The  great  opportuni- 
ties or  the  mighty  powers  that  heaven  may 
have  given  us,  it  never  meant  to  be  lavished 
on  mere  human  animals  who  eat,  drink 
and  sleep,  and  whose  only  instinct  is  to 
find  out  a  new  caterer  when  the  old  one  is 
exhausted. 


449 


APPENDIX. 


MAPS  AND  TABLES 

ILLUSTEATING  THE  CEIMINAL  STATISTICS  OF  EACH  OF  THE  COUNTIES 
OF  ENGLAND  AND  WALES  IN  1851. 


Map  showing  the  Density  of  the  Population    .. 

Table  of  ditto   .. 
Map  showing  the  Intensity  of  Criminality 

Table  of  ditto   .. 
Map  showing  the  Intensity  of  Ignorance 

Table  of  ditto    .. 

Table  of  Ignorance  among  Criminals   . . 

Table  of  Eelative  Degrees  of  Criminality   . . 

Comparative  Educational  Tables 
Map  showing  the  Number  of  Illegitimate  Children 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  the  Number  of  Early  Marriages 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  the  Number  op  Females 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  shov/ing  Committals  for  Eape 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  Committals  for  Carnally  abusing  Girls 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  Cojimittals  for  Disorderly  Houses 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  Concealment  of  Births 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  Attesipts  at  Miscarriage 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  Assaults  with  Intent 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  Committals  for  Bigamy 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  Committals  for  Abduction 

Table  of  ditto 
Map  showing  the  Criminality  of  Females  .. 

Table  of  ditto 


.. 

.  451 

.. 

452 

*. 

.  455 

•  • 

45G 

•  •          •  t 

..  459 

•  t       .. 

460 

.. 

..  462 

•  • 

464 

•  t         •  • 

.  465 

.. 

467 

•  •                         •  • 

..  468 

,, 

471 

•  •         •  • 

..  472 

.. 

475 

.. 

..  476 

.. 

477 

.. 

..  479 

.. 

481 

.. 

.  482 

.. 

485 

•  •         •  •         • 

.  486 

•  •          •  • 

489 

.. 

.  490 

.. 

493 

•  •         ••         • 

.  494 

■  •         *  • 

497 

•  •         •  •         t 

.  498 

.. 

499 

•  •        •• 

.  500 

•  1         •  • 

501 

( •         •  •         • 

.  502 

.. 

503 

« •          •  •          • 

.  504 

2  G 


451 


MAP 

SHOWING  THE  NUMBER  OF  PERSONS  TO  EVERY  100  ACRES ; 

OR 

THE    DENSITY    OE    THE    PaPOLATION 


IN   EACH   OP   THE   COUNTIES   OP 

ENGLAND    AND    WAXES 
IN  1851 


*:(;*  The  counties  printed  hlacTc 
are  those  in  which  the  Population 
^^      is  above  the  average  density. 

The  counties  left  white 
are  those  in  which  the  Po- 
^  •   pulation  is  helotu  the  ave- 
age  density. 

The  average    has  been 
calculated  from  the 
last  returns  of  the 
^^      Registrar-General. 


2a2 


[452 


o 

W 

PQ 
H 


D2 

<i 

p 
;^ 

H 

O 
Q 

;^ 


O 
H 

O 
Ph 

fa 

H 

I^ 
O 

X 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


•9snon 
xpvB  o\  suos 


00 


)^ 


•asnoH 

S3IDB  JO  •OJvI 


A<  .^  .V;  00  r- rt  ih  .^  ib  r-cft  wciib'^cossd^c-.  65*   b-.  n  ^  n  ia  i^  b-.'S  -^  b^  iri  r^\  it 


•aosjoj 

1{DU3  OJ 
SOJDB  JO  'O^ 


.  O  lO  C^  to  O!  t^  1^ 


•sajoTj  001 
xjDEa  OJ  suos 
-jaj  JO  -ojsi 


>fli>.c<5eoo<ir^pp>p5pio  «pp<N>pp:o-p-^eop'pepcppipppi»>0  7J"wpp 

<N  O  "—I 


•i5-it8r 

uopvindoj 

JO  9STJ3JDUI 


;  Tl<  irj  r-1  (N  CC  O  r^t^ 
r-1  <N  — 


■"'3  3 


^   ^  CO 


t>.t^r~-'M  tt  >0  tN  «  C:  t>.  rt  05  :0  <^  K^  CO  -^  >0  =;  "sD  O-l  Cll^  c^  '^  — <  O 

0^o;Mf-<~co^'OOoTcC-<coc?cn«0(^c^-^o•o^^cococ^-*0■^'0■-C'^^■0^^ 
c^02-TC:<M'0  02Cot^i-^-^^— .C-.  t^'O^'OcocCit^o  —  OCT.  i>.<»'i'>o^r:f3w 


C-.  ■<*  o  «  OS  oi  r^ 
03  >o  r^u^  c^  CO  00 
j>.p-.  CO  00  -y  ;o'^ 


'•JU9D  lad 

sasnoH 

JO  aSBaiDuj 


00  p  •;^eop^^^(^I  •^(n  (^l0^^osc<l  osco— iccjo^oo-^poo<>)-*o:c  pr^j>p«p 
>J5r^'b!^ocr5•^('5>--"f5«^'.OrrAlOO'^^^:  i^rf  <N  CO  -i"  t>.i^  bicb'<r640)<Ncbo5'b 


o  S  o  =S 

^1  r 


t^Oogjro^jot-^-i'SOScocni-^coc^ooooicocsoocoj^-^'^Ci  —  r^r^—  o  — 
^-^coco3:o-^cor-.'MO-rt^>o^^oo^^-™'l■I:^|^5'l•C5^-.^oco^">oc.  cCTfo-^'iw 
oococct^.-—  o~.  — i^TrTS;iccirHCocoi>.r-c-*-H-<j<~co««cO'-ix— •ooos::=i-i 


>  i;  CI  goo 

,3  OrH 


c;  CO  o  'O  "O  ci  -^  — ■  o;  'T  — 1  o  ro  o  ■■■:  t^  c.  "O  'JO  -r  ;., .  , _  _    

■^ojfr-oocj'ccoooioco'-'i^-oco  —  — •c<oi--'o<>joococi— ?or-ir-i<Mcos:c;oo 


•yuipimg 

sasncH 

JO  jaqiunjsi 


CO-HO^-0)COOOCO>OOOiO-^fOC;-^fMCOWC5',0«Ci30-*  l-~.>fl  03  (M  CO  t^ 'N  -f  CO 

OJ— •O5c;>0'0coc^cct-i0:coc;co— 'COO  r^c:  j^t->.  oo-^cooocoOr^'—ro  —  cocmco 

i-H  (N        (Nt-«ro  (N  TT  l--»0)  lO  CO  C3        04        OJ'l'— i»CO<>-i->r(NC';(Nr-i        i-lC0005'<rO 

-^  CI  to  f-i 


S  o.i::.ti 


^    p 


=  32 


cococoi-^o?03-<-^co-i"~rOr— lcoOr-cocoC5'^"coco(^^ooc:'-<coco^o~cocol--. 
^^coo^^'t''>^:o-1— ■•ocoio'-ooooo-r— ioC5C^-^i~--<i^coo3'M'O00  55t->.fM  r-. — 
•oio  —  r--.^i'f^OTO<o:ococ^C5'-<co'.OTri.or3C^-^co-^0'<i*co-^r-iC'-^o  —  t>. 

-^'p-Tr-Trr -^-^CrCO '-^C0C0-'3^        rH        »Ct-^r-^CO<Np^CO>-- ©J^pS        cJ  «5  CO  •*  CO  o 


r'?;<j 


C3    Q> 

3::: 

CTij) 


-fMr-COC;-*  —  Ot-)"— 'OICO'CCO-^OJCCCOMI^OO— ■COOClIv.'Mrt'MCOOO— <SiCO 

c;  "O  ^  r-  -f'  '-I  t  ■-  X  o  i^  00  00  00  '.o  "o  t^  CO  CO  CO  CO  CI  C!  f  -f  o »»  ■>!  o  'I'  «-^  o:  o  1^  '■") 
CO  't*  (N  i^  »  (N  t>>  -1*  '-I  t^  C5  CO  r;  -cT  ~.  ^  CO  ^  o>  CO  i^  r;  -"  CI  uo  T  c;  en  00  i^  uo  o  -^  tt 


>C;C0OOOOOOOO~C;S~OC>OOC5O='OOOC>OC0OOSOO 


CO  T-i  00  —  ir:  t^  c:  00 


;  -M  CO  :0: 1^  CO 


C-)  "*  -<i"o  CO  00  c:  CO  CO  CO  o  c:  j.>.i.o  ^r  (n  cj  r--  «f5  co  -^  co  <»  co  ■-'  ^o  t   5  w  o  i-^ c;  't 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


453 


i--:  ^r  "^  -^  "5  -f 

.01—1 

«5 

0 

1>.(M  CO  »  OS  ip 

■  ill  -^ 

9 

OffOOI^'Ol^ 

(M 

i^M  nx  r^io  CO 

««  -^  CM  "M-^ 

.  0;  O) 

(Ncocor^wfs    •■^-^ 


rl  ■*  05  Ol  t^>--.-0  50  05 

oco^i"^t^c;Cr-<co 


COCiOfOJ>l{> 
<M  1^  CO  C  ^  O 
•^  C^  CO  O  l-*l^ 


3^  Ji" 


O  CO  O  -^  CO  (M 
O  '--'-■-!:!  f^  <M 

CO  t^  CO  -^  C^  02 

<>r-^c:  c-i  fM  rH 
t^-r  O)  (M  CO  2 

r-c  OJ  — .  I—  Ci 


.  CO  o 

O  O 
CN  CO 


CO  CO  •^'  05  c;  »o 

tN  CO  --C  CO  CO  :X 
CO  CN  O  CC  I";  30 

coio  c;  CO  COCO 

CO  CO  OJ  f— '  "^l  CO 
1-1  (M        r-<  — 1  CO 


(M  ri<  03  —1  es  C3 

»o  t-^ 

0 

<b-*o  M  — 0 

;=5-i 

0 

CO 

coco  CO  C5— it^ 

i::£2 

fN 

c  COCO  —it^-r 

»OC0J>;=^COr--i 

-* 

CO  ~  — <  CI  C2  — ' 

10  10 

>C  CV  f-«  ■*  T  ^ 

'"' 

CO 

^-.C:  — 1 10  0  t^ 

coo 

CO 
CO 

CO  0  t^lO  t^r-H 

<N  CO  1— 1  — 1  irt  K 

■t^>o 

CO 

tOOi-1 10  lor^ 

1-1                         CO 

CO  fN 

eo 

I" 

C;!--.-^  —  (M  -^ 

.^^ 

CO 

c  t^c:r-»co^ 

coci    i-ii^sa 

CO 

•«O05 

CO 

0  05  0  CO  CO  Cs 

OC5 

03 

01  0  c:  (M  >c  CO 

CM  CO 

CN  COiO  (M  l-^'T 

•  t^CN 

05 

(N-*        tN  O)  CO 

CO  10 

CN 

*"* 

»o 

OCN  tT  CO  >0  C: 

CO  CO  (M  O  O  CO 


CO  1-1 


s 


00c  000 

00 

CJi  C2  0^  w  t^  10 

r^SCO 

i^t^O  03  0-.  CI 

.  ■rCt>. 

-■-t"  0 

ct^ 

CO 

(N(M 

C2  t>»Q^  CO  03  CO 
^  Coft  IC  «  CO 

■^  -< 

•  02  CO 

-rcoi^r3r-.t^ 

rt              r-l        10 

CO-* 

^  o 


•S^^ 


¥-^x: 


c^  }?  3 


;  re  oj.t:  o  o  i»  ,, 


^ 


EH 

< 

Ph 
O 

Ph 

W 

Eh 

O 

!>H 

Eh 

)— t 

pq 

Eh 
O 

o 

I— I 
P^ 
<^ 
PM 

O 
O 


CpcpcN 

03  ch  ifl 


IN  ip  o 

•^60  « 


O  1-1 


Oip 

«5>h 


;ij  I-  re  re 


c  c 


■§s|§ 


^         >• 


c^U! 


C-P-       c  g 


«cS 

■"  £  ^  '--^  -H  0)  g  — 

<«>.:«•"  i>5't:>0  (U 

cc/cut;^-.-'"' 

3        f»^  i;  "  e  ..  1.0 


s  s  I'  3 -So  s  cS 
S-^  c  o  be.?  R  c 

'^  »  aS  5.9  0  5L 


OJ   O  3  'i-i  '-^   — 

u  u      re  o      CO  <-> 


<»  p  p  CO  ip  o  IJJ 

C3  lb  1^  o  "^  r>.  CO 

<N  O)  Oq  CO  CO  CO  -^ 


C  CO  p  «5  ip  CO  CO  p  t^Tfi  JN.'p  O  ip 
O4«^^C0C0-^C0r^— CCr^COCO-^ 
■-l'^0^3•^-^'COcoco•*C0CNC^^•^co 


p  t>.(N  10  ■*  CO  UO 


l-»r^OC0i>.(M  CO 


CO<MCOOCCO<N-*-^COCOr^CO(M 


O  «J 

3  E'l- 
re-Co  X 

~  C  C  o 
—  p  w 


'S 


3 
re 

>H 


CO  CO  03  CO  p -rf  Cp 

CO  oi  63  jf^  fo  -^  d<i 

CO  ■^  10  ■^  ■^  t~- >0 


3 

-TV  3 


3  ■ 

13  tf  ffi  O  W ; 


.533 


C  o--ti;  c- 


>i2  3ii?_S5^  _S  « 


< 


s  ft. 
"e  s 


«. 


B--  »-  £   > 


-=        rt 


o 


►^>'0 


re  „ 

,3   )-.  ii  Oi 

3  1;;f'5:  6 

"S  t)  -^  <-> 

1^  a  M  >-■ 

•-  re  o 


^1-1 


w 

CO   02 

w 

<i    ^ 

Eh 

0 

0 

^  pel 

0  M 

HH     Ph 

EH 

P^ 

<  fe 

W 

k:1  0 

P-i 

p 

0 

Png 

hi 

^ 

H 

p:5  t^ 

T**  'i'  V  '.'^  ^^"?  '*pppci>pipMMCOCOCp^  J>.CO  —  OCOCNOCpCNCNO 

*pcoP3^<— ii— loco  r^i^r^ih  -^  "^  CO  ^  CO  — •  03  33  i^  o  I'o  I'o  ^  c^]  o  C2  60  i!b  (>a 

'^T^'^l'-ir^-^-.^COCOCOeOCOCOCOCOCOCOCOS^OlCNCNCNCNMCNO^MS^S 


Serf 


0)  3 


CO 
►— ( 

EH 

O 

O 

o 

CO 


CO 

p^ 

O 
_  < 
EH    o 

o 

PP    >H 
P5 


i  i  s  s  s  g^s^  i  i  s  I  g  s  s  s  s  Ig  s  §  3.S  g 


re  ^^ 

c~  CD 

3     IH     L^ 

3  0  0) 


ci 

£  3 

»-  re 
o  0) 


O  '^ 

a  o 

CO  Eh 


pppcpM(j5co>p«pco>p>pp     ^^ 
C2  o  tt  w  P3 10  P5  <>i  lb  CO  >h  lb  CO      05 

>OO.rliCCCOCOCOCO»ClCD»Q«Cl«5        -^P 


re  0) 


CI-  '-'  '-' 
S  re  5  2/=^  a^  =5-2 


re  53 

.3   =. 
Mo 

S£ 

S  3 
00, 


455 


MAP 

SHOWING  THE  NUMBER  OF  THE  CRIMINAL  OFFENDERS  TO  EVERY 
10,000  OF  THE  POPULATION  ; 


THE  INTENSITY  OE  THE  CEIMINALITY 


IN  EACH  COUNTY  OF 


ENGLAND     AND    WALES. 


***   The  counties  printed  black 
are  those  in  which  the  number  of 
Criminals  is  above  the  average. 
The  counties  left  white  are  those 
m  which    the  number  of 
Criminals  is  beiow  the  ave- 
rage. 
Tlie  average  has   been 
calculated  from  the 
returns  for  the  last 
ten  years. 


4ryj 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 

CO 

pq 
»-? 

(=1 

!z; 
<1 
t^ 

fe5 

»— H 

CO 

t— 1 
EH 

O 

o 

EH 

P4 

(— 1 
ft 

W 

EH 

O 

EH 

1— t 

1— t 
P^ 
O 

W 

EH 

V— » 

o 
W 

CO 

« 

EH 

i 

p:? 

<i 
ft 

o 

EH 
P^ 

pq 
ft 

W 

EH 

Number  of 

Criminals  to 

every  10,000  of 

Population. 

(NO-*l^«0OrH»0T^O00r^r^Q0U-SrH'5j<U^T-HC0l0Oi-IC<I->T00C00iCSi0iJt--05t-C0 

O«0O-*(N00t^O-M1-^i-0SC0C0t^-*O00Jt^C<l-*00r-->*<00r-lt^00^05t^t^ir:!^ 
rHr-lC<Jr-l(M                 i-Hr-(r-(          i— IC<JC<<i— tr- IrHj— ir-(i— (C^i-Si— li— 1          tHi-Hi-Hi— li-(rHr-lr-li-t 

Proportion 
to  the 

c 
o 

■Tj<CNOS0500^t^'^C<lT-IO.-(OiO«005a>C<Ir-li^^^OirHOOrHCOOr-IC<1000r-l 
lO(M00l-'!*-^O'5j<OC0t>-(N00i— li^<OOC000G0O»O0005>-H^^0ii— lJ^O>0^0'y:!r-l 

«oo-^o^(^^^c^X:^<x^(^^koco-<*^ol>.^oo^ril^'<;J1^o»r50(^^oo»ot'•cc>w:5kOlO'^«o 

j—l  rH                          pH                                                                                                    pH 
I-H 

Average 
per  Year 

»0C000^00i-IC0'*l.--C0O00r—  C0»OC<1O'*>-l'5Ht^C000V010C0t-C0C0(MO00T-IO 
OOr-IC30COCiOOCO«000»OOSCO^OCOOSOO«OOOOiOO«Oa5rHOSCOCOO>COCO<0  1—  CO'-H'^ 
i-lC<5(M(M00(Ni-l!?qi:^(M<M?0O(M(M          OS'^CO^tMCMt-CMCNCOC^l          COC500>00 

rH                                 CO                  ■•f                                                                              rH          rH 

,    TO 

Oo 

1 

»0VOOOi-lk0<:0iH(MC0pHt^lOC<J<M(M00(M'!^<r>C<>C0"*05l^-O0000OOr-l(MrH00 

lOCOOO«OOOrHCO'<*IJ>.COOJ:~X--COkOC^a5^^rHOOt^COOOH<HHCOtOCOCO(>10  00iHCi 
OOpH^OOCOOiOOWftOOOOOiCOCO^MOiOOlOOOOiOOCDOi^rHOSCOO-JCi^C^a^O^ 

rH*" o'5'(>rc<roo"c<rrH"c<ft-r of c<rco'o"c<rc~f    arHrco''-5irc<r(M"t-rc<r<M'co!?f"    oic^'^c>\a<:> 

rH                                 CO                  'ctH                                                                              r-i          p-( 

•a 

n 

u 
O 

."s 

ti 
2 

1 

to 

S 
O 

>H 

0) 

ll< 

O 
>-> 
a> 
.Q 
E 

o 

o 

CO 
rH 

rHoo(^^<^^o<:o«o»o^^-ooorHO<^^loooooooo<^^coloooco^<^^t^i^^«ococN^o 

07H^OOC<^'<^xoOC5kr5COCM»OrHOi>-0'*0(^^COCOOH^OO(NVOC<^OVOOOlOt—  CO 
rHCO<MCOOSC^rHG^OOrHCO':OOSC<lC'3          CiCOCOOi^^t^(>;C<JCO(M          C0i-<^0':tt0 

CO                  CO                                                                              iH          tH 

OO 

rHCOC<»COOO(>JrHC<»GOCOCOOO(MCO          Ci(M(?qiOoOCO«OCO(NCOCO          COOOt^OOrH 
..          rH                                 CO                  CO                                                                              rH           iH 

o6 

00 
r-l 

-*00->*OC<IO^H<t^-*05CNOOO-*0000-*'r)0005i>.TH-*itOCM^OOOOOVO'r> 

OCOTH-<i<J:^i^CO«:>CMOOCOOO-*l.-^-*OC<)l-^'*0»OC500C20«OOi»OC>OOC^C<JOias 

(NCOCOtNOCMTHCMOSCMCOCDOC-ICOrHOl^COlOOOtMCOCOtMCOCN          COOOt^rH'tjiC^ 

,  .    jH                               ...      ..^    rH                        rH  CO                 ^                                                                         r— i          rH 

00 
I-H 

00>OVOkOiHrHO-<*Oii>-05COC<I(MiH050i?OU-:iCOOC<1rHCOC55COOiTHi>.-^t^OOO»0 
l>.C0i-^^0i>.'*C<Jr-<^*<Oi:^C:>CnrH050000l0C0Oi'^0010'!H00^*i0i-«1<C0  1.^C0(MOrH 
iHCOCOC^JOOCOrHdOSCOCqcOOtMC^          CO'*ICOlOiHC^l^C<JrHCOC^          (Mt>.l:^OlOCO 

rH                                 CO                  O                                                                              rH          iH 

CO 
'^ 
OO 

r-t 

100CO«Ot-oi^-t^rHl005(M^COCOTHkO(MOOCirHt-OOC5000?OJ:^>HOO'-irHCO 
00lO00i>.C000'*I:^CN(M-*O00i0-*00rHl^lOrHHirH(Mi^~^D000<I(M<MC:>OOi—  »0 

iHC<i<MC<iir^(MiH(MJL-^c<j(MtooorH(M       cooco'*o(Ml^-c^^^H(:^^<^^       c^;t^«ooo-^cs 

CO                 'tf 

^* 

OO 
T-H 

XCO?00:i00(M00C0O00C0H<05«0^00'— ifMOOOSOOCMC^ICSl:—  OiOOCOCOC5l>-l.—  c<» 
l0C000C000  1--rHC0Cqr-iO»O(M(M-*00C0  1OC<100-<^05'<*<<3>C0CDOC<JO.l^THp-lCr>-^ 
rH<MCM(M?0C<liHiHi--.<MC<1^05<M(M          000OC0  0'D'*tHCOC0rH(MC-3          COCOOi>-'*C^ 

00 
i-H 

ooJt^ol^^l:^c»ooo5»oco50cOIHOlHC5IHCOI-^(^^^^oooO'rJ^-*oococooiOJ^^-lOOrH 

00000005Jt>-«3COJ:^iHOt^Oit^COt^l>.iHOSOOH<C^t^OOOiCS>':i<05<N-^COrHOOCO-<9< 
7H(MC^G<(i:^C^iHCMl>.(MC0100Cq(M          C500-^lOO(Mi>.(NC<JCOC<»         '^OlOOO«OOS 

rH                                 Cq                  -rJH                                                               rH 

CO 
'^ 
00 
i-H 

C<l00C01>.00iH0iC<IO<MOOC000l0001:^i>.asC0OiH(MOOC0000i^i^':0V0U-5  1— 
0<Mr-ilOrHOO(M-*kOOrHOOCOCOCOr»l>.OtD«0'^00  1^05»OC<ICOCO'U5  1'^t-COeO 
C<1  CO  CO  CM  O  CO  iH  CO  t-  (M  CO  I>  rH  (M  Gsj          05  O  »0  O  CM  <M  t-  CM  (N  CO  CO          lO  Oi  «3  rH  lO  CO 
tH                                                    rH                               CO                 -tJI                                                                         jH 

'^ 
00 
r-l 

05COb-iHCO(M^(M«5TH?OOOCMOiOOOO»01^^CMt^'+l':t<OOtOVO-*-*COO<X)CMlOt^t^ 

(MC0t^-^0000rHCM-H-«i<?0l0Ok0C0':0k00i05OCi':DO'*'<*<l^C0'>^l^^OC0C<)rH 

<MCO(MC^O(MiHCOt~C^CMl>>CMCMCO          iH-rJ<'^vr50C<lOOCOCMCOCO          -5}<rHl>.'<lHlOO 

rH                                                    rH                        rHrt<-^*<                                                           rHrHiH 

>* 
00 
>— I 

pH?Ot^OCOVOiHt-t^'^lOi>.COl005(MC<It~'»as?0'#COC<100iCO-^«OrHir^Oi<MCO 
05O00-^-^0S»Ot-0000rH-*C0H<rHiX)CO00^'^00?0J0-*CM(r-lC^Ii— irHOil^-lOOOCM 
rHCO<MCMOi(MiH!M?OC<lCMCOC^<MCO          OiC»^CO»OCOCOCOCMCOCO          -^Oi^OO-rJiCa 

jH                               CO                 CO                                                                         iH 

<  O 

-las 

COCOOSl^CJSr-'CMOiCOCOt^CO^C'SOOCMOirHrHCO-rJ^COCOOt^'^iHpHlMOOCOCOt— 
00C0^^r-(01C0-*IC0C000'X>OrHi-^^rJ<C0CM'*irH0i«0Cil^00OiHlClr-<'#(»C'3i— ' 
O  !>■  Oi  1:^  C3S  Oi  t^  CM  t--  !>•  t^  CO  »0  00  rH   OS  (M  CM  50  C-1^  OO^  O^  -*^  ^^J>^  O^ir-^t^  CO  ^-^  O^  ^  CO  C^ 
rH~-<srcrcr^CrC£ro"-*'~CM'od'cM''l>ri>l  co''i>ri0^rH"jt>^Co"o''-*"ar«rr-tJ^^                                               Ci   >0  m 
CM0S'<tl000S'*00lOkOl--<CC0O0S?0lO0000CMl--*«OiHO(»00O<M'*^'^t-t^<MC0 
iHTHrHTHC0C0iHCMO7HC0C0-«l<          rH          »0  CO^C^^  COi—  rH-*CMCMr»r-l          CM'^JfCOlOCOO 

rH                 j-T 

COUNTIES. 

l-slll  III"  il-s  i  illfs  i  i  §i  i-gf  ^s^ltisfi  1 

p:ip:)PHOOOOftftftftHOWWWMH:;i-:qh-^S^t^^^^OP^aja2c/3:/jcca2 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


45^ 


CO«pT7HOiO-rHCN-rt* 


<MC000C50i?0OC0 
lO  '-O  <M  C<!  05  1—  i>-  OO 
O-^CMVOCOOOCOi-H 


-<*  Ci        -^  O  Oi  c<j  -* 


kO  C<1  '■il  O  O  CO  lO 

7-1  C<J 


<MC31C0O(M05<OI>. 
U5  Oi  irj  ?0  i:^  CO  '^ 


000i-<tliJD10OOO 
C00it-~COCOCOC<1»0 
■^  !>■         ■>*(  iO  VO  C<J  CO 


00>(MC000500i— I 
•^  <X)  -^  ?0  CO  C<1  kO 


CO  O  ^  -*  05  -H^  -*  ?0 

-*  o       -<ti  <:o  so  c<)  lO 

T-H  (M 


0iOC0it0«0»0i-<l>- 

co  ^  CO  o  o  o:>  iO  i— 
»o  o       xo  lo  oo  c^^  CO 


-tliOOsoOi^^'^COCO 

o  -^"  jt-I'  T-T  -^  ?o  CO  o6^ 

(M^^HVO-rtl^CCOiCO 
CO  ^  C^  CM  CO  CO  lO 


•^ 

!= 


^  "S  s  »,  ^ 

ra  tj  c«  *r  ;-! 

<2  c3  ai  ^  o 

••'  b>-  h>*  ti>-  ui*^ 


r^  Is  cc 


o 

CO 


00 


CO 

00r-<]r-OC0C10iC0 

C<l 

»T-I  O  CO  t^  7-1  CO  OO  OO 
^05CO-*<OrH(M00t^ 

^ 

^-^11  05          ^  CO  (^-(M  -* 

Jt^ 

T-H 

CM 

CO 

ooocct^uricoco 

r- 1 

0000  1--C0Oi-HrHi— 1 

oo 

^  CO          CO  CO  05  CO  CO 

CO 

I—I 

G<1 

■ 

CO 

<M  O  t^  CM  CS  (M  OO  ^ 

T-* 

Oi-lO»Ou:i<MCOr-l 

CO 

u:5  Ci         '■41  CO  O  CO  kO 

o 

CO 


CO 
(M 


<M 


CO 

C7i 

OS 

CO 

Oi 

CO  i^  Ol 

CO 

o 

O 

CO 

^ 

t- 

CO 

I— 1 

CO 

CM 

CO 

■^  X^ 

CO 

»o 

I— 1 

CM  -rfl 

(M 

ccT 
CM 


05 
CM 


Oi 

OCOC5>0005COc3il>. 

O 

VOOCO-^OOSi^CXJ 

CO 

U5  O          ^  CO  ^  <M  CO 

T-l                          CM 

CO 

C<1 


00 


CO 


ft 


w 


o 

O 
p:? 


CO  'T  o:  "O  c  'o  — .  i^  oi  CO 

I -^  »  cT  cT  ~ -T  c?  CO -1^  "O 

C-.  O  Ol  o  «■  o  c  c  o  o 
CO  O  O)  «0  tv.  ~.  rt  CO  lO  t^ 


^  g  G 

5^o 


■>ffNt^>OC<5W— •Ojrpaj 

ovcTooTcTccoco-^i-C 

— lO^C^<MtNC^C^CSC^O» 


■^  •^  -^  c  '-■:  ~  M  «fl  o".  -^ 


eco(N'*coooo©)->tcp 
■<r  — 't~>.co  o  'rt  (N  ec-^  o 

•-^c  cc  t^ift -^co  i-i  o  c; 

rcLoo-ot-^coc^s--— T 


>ott^;o;D5Dt^r-^r-^t-C 


OC5--(NCOr>.COl3;«OCO 
t^CO'O'OCO  —  COCOCOOS 
OJCOO^lC^C-tC^C^COC^C?! 


^7 


J>:t 


-^  CI  CO  ■*  lO  CS  t^  CO  0-.  o 
COCOCOCOcoCOCOCOCO-fl" 
COODCOCDC003  03C3COCO 


dJ        .'li 


H     < 


r-i  (N  CO -^  >-~  tct^cc  o;  o      2 

C3COCOCOCCCOC5CC03CC         '^ 


"§.§^58 


ih  'o  i  "h  t^c5  ^^6^^ 


to  -^  0-1  O  0-.  t^  O  CO  CM  CO 

0(Nioc?--''*rCoco?o 


O  O  o  '^  ^  ' 


C".  pciff:cp«^»Tfo;(N 
ioc:  O^(>)C0(J-iC3C0 


CO  i^to  CI  -H  ct:  CO  o  «o  — 1 

COUO—iCOCOOC^'OCNt^ 
I  LO  '-O  f^  O  t-^  oT  CO  CO  -rf  CO 


»ocsi^cooc;-<cMco-* 


COO'N-rftDCOCl-H— <lO 


i(M(M<M0^C^C0eOC0CO 


f-(-*COC:CO;DCM^t^O 
CO  oT  ffl  CO  ■*  M5  J>1  tC  eo  CO 


flj    ij 


-^  (M  CO  ■*  Lo  coi>.cc  05  0     ;::; 


^  PI  CO  "*  uo  «D  t^cc  cr:  o 

OlfMC^CNfNO^IMCNCgcO 

COO3O5COO5COeOCC0CCO 


H     < 


■*  CO  o  J-- CO  e<i  csi^spcN  7<9Jcoep'^>P7»'i>i'7i9'<»c^7^ 


h  o 


oO 


C    6fl 


4^  aT^"^  o£  ^-2  ^5  oiS  g-^^ij'tst: 


c 

QJ   S   P 
^-^  3  2  rt  C-^  S 

^^,^.  5  5^6-2 

b  i;  s 

3  O  -5 


^   C/3 

H    Si    "-l        . 

r      ^    S    ^ 

t*-  '-'  rt  •-" 

d. 
o 

CI. 


cb  'h  Tf  M  c<i  .^  o  c;  C".  oo  6j  6oi^i:^t>-t~^r»i>' 

CMO^O^CN(NCMC<I'-Hi-li-ii-ir-li-»i-iF-lr-l«i-l 


o  OJ  53  b  S-5 


•r  ti  '^  ^  ~  t>  ==  o 
C  >  <,  iJ^  U  !>  PC  -j: 


5^ 


OJ  3^        g-C 

'"  5  Ji  -3  5  g  ■ 
X  to  ?;  B.c  fcj=^ 

i.  ;>  )j  ^  x  o  x  i-c  ► 


459 


MAP 

SHOWING  THE  NUMBER  WHO  SIGNED  THE  MARRIAGE  REGISTER  WITH  MARKS 
IN  EVERY  100  PERSONS  MARRIED ; 


THE  INTENSITY  OE  IGNORANCE 


IN   EACH   COUNTY   OP 


ENGLAND    AND    WALES. 


***  The     counties    printed 
black  are    those    in   which  the 
number  who  signed    the    Mar- 
riage   Register  with     Marks  is 
abort;  the  A\erage. 
Tlie  counties    left  white  are 
s  those  in  which  the  number  who 
signed  the  Marriage  Re- 
gister witli  Marks  isbelotv 
the  Average. 

The  Average  has  been 
calculated  for  the  ten 
years  from  1^39  to  1848, 


;^Jv:iVse:c 


0^ 


L._ 


46  J 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 

m 
S 

a 

O 

PC* 

O 
t3 

w 

CO 

<< 
1— 1 

CO 
1— ( 

^ 

O 
O 

w 

Eh 

P4 
O 

o 
o 

»-) 

w 

»— t 

o 

w 

Eh 

u5 
P4 

:2; 
o 
1—1 

EH 

52; 
D 

a 

E^ 
02 

M 
P^ 
<1 

^ 

P^ 
Pq 
EH 

M 

l-H 
1— 1 

p^ 
p^ 
<1 

a 

EH 

p 

t— 1 
02 

0 

w 

•aaiiiOAv 
aijj  Moiaq 
puu  OAOqu 

oo>oioo»o»0iooooovr:iioo»ooo>o»r50^o»ooo»oi00>;~ooo 
0  0  c^i  (>5  lb  c<i  T-  c<>  0  0  0  >b  (^  cq  vo  ffvi  0  0  CN  (f<i  io  t^  >o  w  0  lb 

-*(Mr-(i— Ir—CO          <Mi— It-iCMi— (          COC<>C<1CO                  iO-*ii— i          CO                  <MCJ          p-HCpC<J 

-i- -J- -f- -i- 4- -i- *    *    *    *    *    Hh-*    Hh-i-Hk*    -i-Th*    *    -i-Hh-l-*     -F*    -i-Hf-+-*     4- -H 

No.  of  Per- 
sons who 

signed  with 
Marks  in 
every  100 
married. 

CD(M05»OtO»r5»005(MCO?OOlCT— l':*<C5<NC<J.— IOiCOCi?OCOOO(M050iOOi— <-^<MCO 
lO'Tt<-i^-<<->^-Tji(MC0C0C0C0»OC0'<4<iO-*C0»O-<*<C0i-H^->*'^<M'*C0-<*'"*-<+iC0iO-<*' 

14 

lCJC^OOiOOO?DO-*0005l:^COOOT-HOOOiOOCO«0«Ot^iO'!*<C005lO-*-*OCOt^C<IO 
M<Cn>-*iOOi-H(>1i--i-rj<'r)<COc:iCOG<IlOCO':C>C<l<NCOC^'IOOCOC<l^050COCOO>-5  0-."' 
O^O^Cl  CO  '^^(M  lO-«tlt^OOOOCOiOO'>iJ<lO»D-*i-H^<r'iOOOCO  r-^i^  CO  rH  lO^  kO^  C5_  CO_^  C^ 
J-Ti-T        i-TcN^cT        T-Tc^T        (M"c<rc<r        r-T        C<ri>^r-T'C<rio''r-i'c<ri-H''r-rrH'               r-T  C^T  t-h" ''l^"  CM 

I-H 

h2 

-<*<OC5COt^«OCO'*(^*^OOOOOi«Oi— lO'^ir— iCDOiiOCOCMlOCOOCOCiOOOOt^t^ 
»Ol^l:^'*T-HlOO-^C000?£>C0  1-~<O0000C0C0lOlO<r>»O'*<M00iOC0C0Ci<Mt^>-HlO 
-*^Oi^Tj<^lO  O^T— 1  (M  rH  -<^  ->*  CO  C5  00_(M  >0  CO  «0  C<1^  (M  CO  C<l^  O  O^  00^  <^l,  ^^  <^  <^  <^^  <^., '^'^  ^  °°, 

o"  o"  or  co" -^"  (rq'urr'^"i>^ocro"c''co"o"o''t}r»o"oo"-«4<i-H'«ru:i'co''co'' T-H*" b^                          CO  (M 

rHi-(          T-((N<M          rHCM          (MCMCM          i-i          <Nl^i-HC<»iOrHC<lr-(r-(rH                i-i<Mr-i^(M 

l-H 

03 

CS 
m 

'Eo 

aj 
P^ 

a> 
bo 

.2 
'£< 

i-< 

ee 

■•J 
<u 

us 

0 

<n 

<u 

s 

p^ 

u 

m 

<u 

t4 

flj 

s 
52; 

QO 

CO 

j-H 

C0'Tl0i00C0CDOi:^rHC0l:^0t)^C0C0O'-<rHi-(ir>C0'*10(M00OC0C0i-<OV0C0':t< 
OOOi(MO-«J1lOi^OO(>5C<ICDOCOrH-t*<COCO^COCOJt-OCO(M<r)'*i-HOtOi-COO 
OrH0iC0l0r-IC0C0CiC5C0OC0-<*O-^-Thi-H-rtH-^-^kOC0C0C0t--00r-lC0C0C0^C>)  CO^ 

r- 1  i-T        r-Tc^Tfjq^        r-Tr-T        (M^i-Tc^T        i-T        CM*"  OO  i-T  of  icT  t-T  <>r  r-T  r-T  i-T               r-Tc^i-HiOcq 

I— 1 

T-H 

i>-00«OC0  7— ((MOCMCMT-iCOt^iO^t^COCiOOOiOS^OCOCOOlOOlfMtMCOOSCOiO 
»OrHOi— lCqoC<ICOCO-*t^i:^r-f(M'*COCOOO(MkOCOC<JCOiOOiCOCOlOC>tiCOi— i!MC^ 
0>i-H^05<Mr-^rHl0C0t^0iC00i(N->*O'*iOlOC0r-H^C0i^l-^(>li-H<X)00i-HiOT-H^O^^_^C0_ 

I-T    7-rc<rc<r    r-rc<r    c-fr-rc^r          (^^':£^^-^"(^f»b'^-^(^^"I-H"T-^r-^       T-rc<r(>ro'or 

I— 1 

00 

-*l^-*00001>»l>.-*^*<»OOOCOOOCO(MO»OOi05<r)CO(M'*t^'^-*005->!*<(MUr5C:>0> 
C<lCOi:^0500-^-^CM0  1;--.<r>05l:^OCOi001:^«OC£>OOi^':0-*COOOOi-*COOO(MOO 
i-H^  r-1^  O^  CO^  CO  ^9<<:0»0(MOSC07-HCO'OrH'^OOt^Oi— Ir-H0i05  ^<M  CO  CO          lO^  «0^  i-H^  C5^  CO^ 

r-ri-rr-ri-H"c<r(M"    j-Tco"    c^'c^'c^t    r-r    c^'cTr-Tc^roi-rc^f i-rr-TrH'"       T-r<M"(N'-^'"c<r 

CM 

id 

00 

l-H 

100VOr-li>.OOi— l(M(MC0»Ot000C0C0'*"#t-00C<JCOC1O>-TtH'rHOrHC000Q0r-lr-l<X) 
CTSt^t^Jt^t^COOO-^i— IC0Jt^-*l:^0>i0C0'*t-i-HC0kOCM<M<OT-HO>C0J:^<N0>C00iC0 
G>^0^05"^l^COiOeOCOOCOC<liOlO>--<^Or-iVi(M-<*H|>^i— IXO<MO^OO          "^'^'"1,  ""i,"^ 

i-Ti-T    r-rc<r<N''    i-rco''r-rc<r(?q~(>r    t-t    c<rc<rr-rc<ro~i-rco''i-rrH"c<r       i-rc<r(M"io~c^* 

00 
l-H 

OCSOOOCOi— tOiOVOlO»0  1:^t^COOOCO(MO>l0007-HCOi-HT-HrHC005C5<;OCOi>>t—  -* 
i-Hi>-r-HC0O-*Oi0»0-rtHCMk0  1^.-HC0r-HO»0O0i-*(MO-*rHl000CC>0i'*t^C0O 
rH_0^0>CO-^T-HlO-^OOiOOi-HC<IOO'*1000l005i-<CMOi'<^000500          -^O^OjOSCO 

T-<  I-T      r-r(?4'c<r     T-Tco"     r-Tc^Tc^T      r-T      (m" cT i-T r-T ccT r-T c^ i-T      i-T  -.     T-T (N  I-T oo" c<r 

r— ( 

CO 

00 
r-i 

COi-H<MT-l<:0-*COT-l005r-IOC'DOiCOOiCOOiX)Cft><^OCOM<CO<M05t^(M-*010-* 
<MT-HOOCOi:OC300kOO-^l>-r-HaiOOOCOiOC<lT-HOi— ii— ii— (Or- i->^<MCiO51OT-HC0C<I 
Oi— i00(MC0C<llOC005->^t~r-IC0i;0O-^»O00-^05-^T— lOO-^Olr—CJ          C0«OO5COrH 

r-Ti-T      i-Tcfcjq"     i-Tcn"      r-Tc^Tc^r     r-T     c^" t-T r-T i-T »d" i-T c<f i-T r-T i-T          T-TcCrH^co  cm" 

l-H 

00 
I— ( 

rHCO(»Oi«D(M05r-lrH(MOC<IJt^CO^COOOC005C<JVOr-i(MO»0(Nt^C5COCOCJii01r^ 

eNCOr-HOOOii— IC0C0i^l0C0CD05-^i0^^C0(N0000-*0^C0(MCC'*l00iC0-*i0C0O 

05  O^Oi  CO^O  CO^IO  '^''*  00  OO  O  i-l  O  Ol  '<:)<  ^^«0  rH^O  O  O  CXJ^CN^Oi  CO  Oi         »0_ «0^ O^ O^ O^ 

i-h"        j-Tc^C^"        r-Toi"        rHC^C^"                      CM '^^  i-T  C-f  lO  i-T  (m"  r-T        r-T               r-T  C^T  r-T  CO  Cm" 

rH 
^** 
00 
T-H 

C0T-(O»0O00t^i— <'<*U:5i— IC0  1-^<MJ^C0O<:0r-(-rtH(MC0-*l:^00iOi— llOl:^lO0i(M(M 
»OCOCN05lOCM<M(M'*0000-rf<C<l»0  10  1^0iOOt^-*OOT— lX:^0^:HkO(M050-Tt<0-tt1 
OS  O^OO  '^^CO^'-H^^  CO  t-  t-  O  r-J^CO  lO  O  '<4<  ^^  O  (M  r-H  <N^  <M  O  CO^i-H  «0  OS  i-H  -"^^  i>^  O^  O^  CO 

th    i-Tcfc^r    i-tcn"    ci^G^Tc^T    i-h"    c<r«o"r-r(M~o'~ i-rc^ri-H^T-Ti-r      r-rc<rc<rcoc<r 

0 
'^ 
CO 
rH 

00>-HCO<MOOOC00  1:--.OCO»Oi-HCOiOWr5(MCtl'*40S05t^(M05'*'«S<>-HC^OOCOr-'Ur5CO 
-*COOt^i— ('5j<C005r-ICOOOT— i-Tt<C0'rt<?0000SOOC00Si>.C0C0<Mi:00S«0OO'!t<l0 
rH^  rH^O^CO^  ITS  i-H   O  ^  OO  OS  O  <N^  O  ^0'5j<COt^lO(M»0  CO  t- x^  C<J^t^  CS          O^CO^OO  O  CO 

rH^rH^r-Tr-rc^r  of         r^  rH          CM^C^Tc^T         T-^         (m" ^ r-T of  O  T-H  (M  i-T r-T  i-T                i-T (n"  i-''" '*" o( 

05 
CO 
00 
rH 

(MCDOSOSCOOOT-HCOOO-rJ^OSdOST-H.-Hi— l-H<-+l^*C0»O0001lOC0VOt^O-*C0C0 
»-HC0i^«0-*i0t-^C<IO(MOC0(M<©C00SC0>— lC5^:t^CO-*OOCO^r-(<^lT-^-rt^O^-"OOt^ 
T-J^O^OS  (M^CO^i— I  -<*  lO  CO  !>.  OS^CS^CO  xJ<i-HCO-«ti-*-*OSr-ICO-*  CO  i-i^l:^  CO  i-H  CO^  CO  CO  CO^  rH 
i-Ti-T        T-H^cTc^f        rH"c<r        rn'rH^C^r        r^        O^  ^  i-^  r^  ^  i-^  Q^  i-^  i-^  r-^               rn"  Cq"  t-T  CO"  ci 

T-i 

6  " 

>-i    ™    OJ 

1^ 

0000-*0^(M(MCOOOOCOOOCOCO^-*COOOOfMC1^^00<r)COOCOOOC<IOO 
VOC»C<IOOCOOSl>.U:5r-X0  1-(Mi-iC0  1-OasCOCOCOC5CO-t<OSCX>COrHrHCO(MCOCSOO 
00^  »0  OS^t^  r-H^OOOCOCOCOt^(MOS<MOSOSOO-*^iOVOOrHOT-HCOCM  t-^^  <M  t--_C<}^I>^ 
TH'<^^rH''<^fo-5l^<^^CO''oo''(^^0  -^"CO"  r-T  rn"         00'''*'CO"»0  rH'"c<rCo"co'-<4<'-«l<'(?q'         CO"  Co"  icT  00  -«:ti" 

CO                  CO 

0 

^3 

•73                                                                                                            o    t-    g                              o 

'    '     *  bo   ■  J  ? ^     ■     '     ■     '  fc."     '     '  « ■£    '  o--^  «     '     '     *■■£-■     ■ 

mppP^OOooPPPPMOWWMWH^t^^SS^^^^OPHCCcoccajM 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


461 


iooo>pooo»p>o 

•^  f-{       coc-acoi— ICO'* 
♦    *    *    *    Hf- -I- -}-•+- -i- 


OOOOi-HCOOIt^OOiO 

1-H  O  CO  O  lO  i-~  -^  '^  Ol 
(M-^-^C^lOOOOOoOCO 


■Tjit^C<J050CO<^^005 
OOt^i— it—  (Mt^'^OS'* 
I— IkOCOOlOl—  ^*lCO(N 

(n"  '*"  -rjT  (jcf  lo"  od"  oo"  oo"  o" 


OSr- llOVOCOCOOi— li— I 
cot—  lOCOCM-^COlOi— I 
OCOOOi— (OCOOSOiCO 

<M  I— I  c<r      I— Ti— Ti—i  7—1  '^ 


'^CMOO'— <T— It— -*CO 
COr-Ht-CNOOt—  CJiOO 
r-llOOOC^-TtioOt-ast- 

"  r-T  ,-h"  c<r  ^^ 


<M 


(N 


co^ot—  »o-^io<:ooo 

t—  Oit—  COOO-^OSi— It— 

cm"  i-T  c<f      i-T  co"  co"  c<f  -^'^ 


lot— coict^ — *  ot— t- 

CX)<Mi— l(MC<It— t—  COi— I 

t-H-rtllOCMiOOJOit-O 


IOCOU5COC<I0005'*0 

0-^r-H05G<li:M0505C:5 
CM^*^r-|lOO<OCOi— I 


c^-^(Mu:it-ooco>oco 

(M«0>O000000OC<IOJ 
I— ICOOi— <^>010050 


OOOr~IC00005(M(M 
tDOOt-OiOOiOiOqcO 
<N-*-«tir-l<X>OCOOlO 

CN  I— I  <>r      I— Tco^r-i  co"-*"^ 


CO  (M  (>^  U1  >0  rH  C5  00  (M 
<MVOi— lOJOSOCOCMQO 
T-^-*  lO  r-H  -tH  (M  ^  O  CO 
C<1  I— I  I— I         J— T  Co"  i-h"  CO^  -^"^ 


■^00-rHO?0?D-*'+lfM 
t—  «OOiOOCOCO:0^lO 
COCM'^t-  (MLOCOi— li— I 
0"'':jr  ?0  Co"  ko"  'S  lO  OcT 

1-t  (M 


cj    O 

1)  O)  !S  ^  m 
tn  M  fc-i  03  "ti 
tj    M    c5     OJ  ^^ 

rn  rn  &•  !^ 


TH'^J4COt-0CCMTjHiOt- 
<yqC0C0(M^»O^iOiO 

o 

o 


o 

lO 

o 


CO 

o 

CO 


i-H'TtioOT-lfMC^OOOilO 

CO 

»ocoiO(M^a5ooi-ico 

CO 

•Tj<iOOiC0--0— iCOC^JiO 

CO 

C<Jr-l(N          r-i-rtlClCOlO 

t:- 

r-\ 

1—1 

7—1 

oo 


t>r 

o 


CO 


OS 


OO-^t-O-^ICOOSOD 

-* 

OOOC5t—  U^COCMCSt— 

CO 

r-<-^G<)7— liOOSt—  CJiOO 

CO 

(Mr-ICN          r-l(MO<M^ 

Oi 

I— 1 

05 

CO^ 


o 

CD 


o 


CO 
CM 


t3      • 
bo  05 

r-H    r^ 

o    rt 


ft 

Ph 

o 
o 

I— < 
Eh 
^ 

O 

o 

1-3 

EH 

O 
O 

p^ 

O 

HH 
ft 

o 

l-H 

Eh 


<u 


.t^    Cj    c^    £ 

C  ^  C  ?^ 


O    O) 

^  > 
rt'S 


■«^'^^cs>p  05  M  r^ 

o  -^  Ah -^  "H  »  » 
c^  ^  o<  tN 


1-*   *****  -4—4- 


W 


>p  O  >p  o 


ip  lO  >p  O  p  o  o 

M  -^O)        (N  •*  iM 


OogO'b'b(>JC^2S 


-H  M"  'f^  c; 


.-(t-^p-^  T'  ^'5  <^ 
i  05  -^  r^  c;  t—  ■<r 

lO  "^  r- 1  ^H 

******* 


S  »> 

•C  §  o- 
S  «  3 
S        O 

a  o 


o2  • 

53  a 
^  o 
5  S    • 
to  Jo 


******** 


■2:  i:*:.^ 


«g 


^ 


^  S  5  -c  i2  "S  O.P 


-2  nS  ^ 


iH3Sbb335oai 


1    "C^ 

C  S  — 


««  to 


'^•j-  ns  rt  ^ 
1—1^3'^ 


'•r  Qj  c^  CN  -H 


-^?O<7i'p05pp05 
r-c  C^  —  (N  — 1  1—  ■-« 

******** 


cb  c^  "b  c>i  c^  "h  i  'O  >b 


O  ip  p  ip  «5  p  p  >p 

CO  CO  ro  CM  .-H  -^ 

******** 


f^-*  C<l  tT  tp 

-(-*  *  *  * 


o  ©  p  p  >p 


■^-H05-r)<C<5-^05t^(N 

'■^  ■^  c:;  fM  (N  I— I  ■-> 


r— topoppt»^ 
li;  o  c  o  c^  •?)'  o  * 

>«  lO  »0  CO  <N  >-< 

*     A.      ****** 


t— (Nl— — •  CI 


■«  s: 

a  « 

s  « 


i       S^JZ  3  O  «  S 


S  ►>!     .  ^  ^ 

°o  -^  u  o  b 
"u  2  <u  e  3 


O  9  S 


eif-^ 


be-' 


a»  o 


3^0  S.Sg  «  5 


."        OT3. 


6        ^^S 


CfiiJ 


O   K 
Eh 


P^ 
ft 


t— <     <H 

P^     P^ 

p:5   W 


OiC:c;coco:0'0-^'t<N'5qo3i--.«5>-HCO 

COCOCOCOCOCOCOC^COCOCOOKMC^tMi-H 


o 

^ 
^ 

w 

o 

w  w 

Eh 

Oi 

r/) 

fe 

< 

HH 

W 

C/J 

r:) 

1— 1 

f=H 

<1 

^ 

p:5 

t) 

O 

o 

^ 

o 

Ct3 

1— 1 

fe 

P^ 

o 

1— I 

in 

H 

W 

M 

EH 

w  12; 

£H  CO 

ft  "^ 

§  g 

^  ^  ft' 

^  a  s 

o  S  P^ 

ffl  fe.  <i 

P5  E=3  2 

pq  EH  5 

pq  02  O 

^  i-H  GO 

g  Ci5  p^ 

t)  piq  pq 

^  P^  Ph 


'^S 


0)  =s  •>  c 


3  c  a)  ^<u 


1~   '-^  f .JL   i-"   )^   t-,   ^  *T   cyi   »>   r*    ^    rji   w 

S.Sx^  O  30g  gS  g3a;§^.^ 


C:  t^w  i« -I*  (M  c<l  fN  O  c;  OT  c;  CO  CO  » «o 'S  >0  >C 't  CO  03  CJ  — 1 1-1  •-! 


Ex: 


Cic  >H  Q>  ^ 


«oSx2^S^^«So5>v-c«=-S'2sS 
53^?^333'rt3-C^05oooSoa>-S§ 


!  4'J2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


1^    sl 

. 

Q 
^ 

-W    O    5    U5 

0:!l:^CiV_0'^0S-*OCit^^(>lCiOC0C5C0OCpG0b-C<lT^ 

< 

p^l- 

(M                                        I— 1  <M  F-H                  (N  1— 1  ^  CM                  c<|  ^  ,_(  c-i  r-(  T— (          r-i                         (M          i— 1                  i—l 

Hh*    -F  *    -{-*    *    *    *    HH-i-Th*    Hh  4- +- +- -i- *    *    *    *    -i"-i-*    *    *    *     H — I—*    *    -i- * 

« 

t%<%^ 

^ 

0.  S       "« 

C5 

H-*_J 

o 
0^2 

lil 

^ 

u2t:-n>. 

c»ooooic»ooioot-c>:i(?oioooi^3'^c»'» 

m 

oo-^o-^--in)cb-^t--oo(>^6iooorHCQcbcboo.':-'*ii^^^ 

TjtCOCOCOCOCMC^O^tMCOCOCOCM-^-^COCOCOtMCMeMCMCOCOfMCOCOCO-^COC-lCOCOCN 

p^ 

« .ti  o  <u 

o 

, 

pq 

o  ^^  b 

1— 1 

w^  3 

-*lOt-.t^kOi>.XO-rH05«5-<^(MOiCOCi»OCi'*00-rH?£!CO<"0-^VOOt^OSt^OCOCOCOfM 

H 

>     3    >H 

l>'C;i05i^i-H00C0':0O0000^0OOr-iC<JrH-+ir-i(MlOt^l-Ci>OO0i          ->#(M0Oi-<l-CO 

O 

o 

CO                         Cq                  C<<iMt-It— 1          COCOi— Ir-lO          (M                  i— 1              .i— ICOrHCOriCl 

I— 1                  J— ( 

O  w 

»OrHOCNO>O^C5  1^-*(N-*t^l—  k0CMl0'#CiC0-TlC0?0--HOOC00iOO-^OC0-+< 

&H 

'*lOJ:^i-^iOt—  V0'^00?D'*IC<100(M0Sl0aS'+li.^--t<C0^0iO-K>0O>-t^00i^OC0C^<r>C-.I 

i^-0i05I>.r-l00C0OO00C0lOa;C>r-HG^,— i':t(rH(MV0  1-.i—  0:ikOC3CJ          -<*<'>JOOt— li^CC 

1^; 

iS  >. 

OO                         (^^                  ClCMr-tr-i          COCOj-Hr-lO          <M                  i-H           -.      j-HCOi-lCOr-iCM 

w 

p2 

7—1                  r-H 

fx< 

o6 

Oit~(Nr-lT— ICOt-.'^xri^O-^COOOO^DOOOJIMt^O^^i^COlr^'^COt—OSCO'^t^CiO 

& 

^^ 

l:^(M0000  1--00C0«0Ci00?^CNi--r-l'*C0OCC00C0C005-*0iiOO>t-)— (T-(r^C500t' *i 

1— 1 

oo 

7— i                  CO                         CM          I— l(M(Mr— Ir-I          COCO          i-HCO          (M                  i— 1                  i— (COf-iCOt— iCO 

PI 

m 
^ 

rH 

r-t                  T— ( 

i>^ 

M<OiO»Oi:0»OC<Jr-lt^COi:^M<CO(Mi— li— |VOC0^«OOi— ICOOC3iiOOlO(M«DCO'*C-.  CO 

<:o<ool^~co(^^co'>^ocio>loa5r-^(^^c^^ooooc>ooooociLCi^Oia)r-l^— iccr-'io^-r 

M-t 

< 

"* 

EH 

OO 

i-lT-l          COi-i                  CO                  C-<C<li-Hr-i          CO(M           r-iCM          C^                                        t-(C<J<MCOt-I72 

T—l 

I-H                  I— 1 

>H 

P 

<u 

CO 

CO00C500COO:)COCO00'*00CN»-O^C<l^i—  l-^COlOi^VOi— (i^iOOO-^OOCi'!*<COCOO>00 

CO 

o 

1— 1 

'jh 

-^ 

C000001>.C500'^CO-^CC>t--^COCOCOi— ICOCViC5CMI.^-<tlX^OO-^OOCO          OOC^lOiOlO  — 

^ 

oo 

C<J                        (N                 C<)C<J                       CMOj-ii-HCN                                            C<lr-HC<J.-iCs 

O 

rH 

r-\                  r-l 

h- 1 

Eh 

lO 

^0500500rHO:)r-ICO«OOOOCOOC<lT-iCOJr-C<IO-^-Ht-'*05CO(N-THOOCOCNCOCO 

Ml 

tOl-^OS^OOOOiCNlOi— IOO<»COr-i05CiCOO(MCOi-HCOCO»00''tii:^Oii— lOCilO^r-HCM 

u 

OO 

Cq                        C<?                 r-l(M                        COOr-tCNO^r-i                               r-i(Nr-i(MrHCM 

p^ 
o 

tH 

i-H                  rH 

P^ 

pq 

, 

w 

'S 

'"tl 

TH\OrHl:^C5»OT— (rHl0C0C0air-'C0iHt^TH(MVO-*C0t~C>O<0O^00'*lO«O'*C0e0 

s 

-^ 

OOi>.C3Ji>-10«C''*50COt-COTH)— ICOiHC^OClCOCOCOCC>OiOiC».HCO          CO-OG^OCiCO 

P 

2 

OO 

C<J                        <M          rHC^CN          iH          COOSiHiHOi          (M                 rH                 jHCOrHCOr-lCN 

Eh 

^ 

3 

r-< 

Eh 

CO 

P 

o 

o 

CO 

OOOCOOeD<Mi>-l>--!*<»OOOOt-OOCOOCOJ>-T-(COOS-<tlC^O<Nt-.CO»OCOCiCO^CO 

W 

% 

MH 

00'<+lrHCOCOOOC01>.C:>CJ5CiCiCOOOi<MCOCNCOCOCOt^C005t~-THrHrHi— iCOlOi— lOSOl 

EH 

OO 

I— 1          CO                         Cq                  CNCOiH                  CO'^THr-iO          (>»                 rHi— 1          (MCOi— ICOi— lC<J 

O 

G 

^ 

I— 1                     tH 

12; 

1 

c<i 

OC0C<J00C0Oi0C<I^k000»O-*t~C5(MrHj>.rHC0OC000rH00(M0irHC0C0C0»J:i00O 

<J 

HH 

^ 

I— IrHi— li--.COOO-*Oi^X>-0005i— l<3T-iCMl^-^-*C0Ot^OrH40O05!— it^OOOCCOOO 

o 

CO 

pq 

o 

OO 
rH 

J— ItHiH          CO                         rH                  C^-^rHrH           COCii— liHOO          COiH          jH                  iHCOi— l-^iHCO 

rH 

i-q 

o 

^ 

<1 

<u 

r-3 

Olr^b-O^(MC0«0«0OiX)(MOrHOiHC0«0OCiOCN0000Viri,HC0iHfMC<J00-*^-H 

•< 

,a 

-* 

OiOiOOOiCOCOCMO-^OiVOOJt^Ol-^C^llOlOCOCiOOiHiOTH-^aiO          COIOCO(MC0  1^ 

p^ 

a 

3 

OO 

1—1 

CO                         tH                  COCOtHtH          CO  ^OrH          OirHCMiH                  rH          rHCOiHCOrHCM 

o 

!25 

^ 

C3 
►— 1 

o 

(MiHt^lOOlOOOO-!Hl-^COI>-C<JOCOCOr-lrH05a5C<J-^'^C<Jt^QO^          OOt-i-i'HO 

-rj< 

tr-CMOCOJC^OiCO^OOCOOStMC-ICOCOOOilOrHOOOiOOSOOCO      1    t-r-i0  1.-0Cl 

CO 

iHiH          CO                         iHtH          CMOOtHi-h          (MCOrHrHOO          (>?                  rHrHliH^CNC-^C^CO 

fin 
O 

l-H 

rH 

EH 

OS 

0iC00i0i»0iH05M<00-+IOC0'^C<It^O00C0THl>-l:^C0V0?0'#^C0-<*<CDTHl0C0X-U:> 

CO 

C0O00t->-C000C0J>-'*00i—  'HC^O-*CS-^-<a<';HiHCNOOCOOS<MC:>rH          COOO— ICOCO  — 

^ 

OO 

rH                  G^                         jH                  (MCOr-liH          COiHrHrHOJ          (?1                  iHrH          rHCN(MC<lr-ICO 

O 

1— t 

T-^ 

-*1 

T-HCO^Oi-*-*OCOVOOOOOOb-CJiCOt^(MC<IC5000Cqi^TH-*OOOOOit^»i5HHir^rHO 

00rH00-^C>0iC0C0^^C)^C0C0fMC0Ir^H<C0rHkOC0  1^fM0>rHC0O(MOC0«0r-iiH(M 

H 

THCO(NCMOiCNrH<Ni>.<N(M«00(MC<J          CS-^^-^CNCNt^CMCNCOCO          COCiCOOOO 

W 

^15U'-S 

rH                               CO                -"t*                                                                        rH          rH 

EH 

<go 

;  o 
w 

1    ■  ■ 

02 

pq 
i-q 

EH 

O 
O 

Ti ^•£a3S-'--°..* 

iii-i  1  l-sl-fll  i  ill  i  =  1  Sis  i-g-i-sl>§|ii  Hi  f 

pqpqpqooooPP«ftPqci3KSW!^KqPHqSSS!2;;2;|2;OP^cococ«r^a2GO 

b^ 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


46' 


CO  CM  (M  I—I 


lOCSlOCO^OrHCOlO 
COCOt— iCNCOC^ICOCO 


oo 

CO 


»0  CO          rH  (M  -^  O  »0 
I-H  CO          I— 1  (M  ^  rH  I— t 

CiCiOO-^OlOCOCO 

CO 

T-l-^Jt^l:^>01:^iOC5 

XO 

lO  CO         i-H  CM  ^*<  O  lO 

lO 

rH  CO         r-1  <M  ^  T-(  T-l 

ir- 

CO 

CO  i^^Si  ^  <M  Oi  CO  O 

T-\ 

to  -*          CD  CO  I— 1  CO  -* 

Oi 

T-H  '^          j-l  <N  «0  i-H  CM 

«o 

Oi 

«o^^ooC5ooeo)>. 

o 

CO  (N          I— 1  (M  C<l  (M  CO 

iO 

rH  CO         r-i  C^  lO  r-1  r-l 

o 

Oi 

t-H'+lOi— iXOCOOiOO 
'lO  CO  (M  O  Oi  lO  !>.  O 


1- 

b-  -r-^ 

IfJ  O  00  T-l 

CO 

oo 

O  CO  i-H 

CO  I— 1  !»  00  oo 

CO 

(M 

cq  CO 

1-i 

T-l 

t-  CO  O  H^  '^  t^  oo 

1-^ 

T-H 

CO 

o 

O  "^  o 

00 

o 

T-l 

c<« 

l-H 

(N  -^  r-1 

T-\ 

COtMOOCNi— lO'* 
-rtH  CS5  r— I  Ml  C<I  )— •  t- 

T-H  CO  rH  Cq  to  7— I  tH 


CO 


.T-^COlO^-.OCO(MOO 
05  0  CM  kO  t^  (M  CO 

T-H  CO  j-H  CA  Ir-  rH  rH 


OO 
(M 


coco»r5co■^•?-^(^J^o 

1-  O  -*  -^   CO  Oi  CO 

rH  -^  jH  (M  lO  rH 


O 
(M 

05 


COCOCD^>OC<IOCO 

OO 

1^^  C5i 

M< 

i^  1:^  iH 

CO 

lO 

IH  CO 

JH 

(M  O  i-i 

I— 1 

o 

OS 

COCOOO<M05CO'Tt<00 
>-  03  CO  CO  kO  OO  O 

tH  (?q  j-H  rH  lO  T-\ 


CO 
05 
tH 
CO 


00CirHC<I-^00'*VO 
OiVO-<3HCOOit^t^CO 
■^  C5  ->!J1  »0  CO  Cq  "^ 


"  2 

m    Lj    w 


rt    11  "    o 


CD  "^     t- 

tj   J^  "Xj   "^ 


^^^^^^^ 


M2 


CC 


O  -< 
EH 


H  W  cfl 

J  S  ^ 

<  5  ^ 

S  ci  H 

S  Cd  tn 

S  <  ca 

OS  .  ♦« 

o  c«  K 

H  K  -' 


g    W    Oh 

2  K  ^ 
r^  c.  cj 


U 
O 


O  fc 

ffi  <^   n 

S  <  o 

1<  12!  H 
H 


•paujvui  001 
Xj3Aa  ui  s}iaBiv 
qjiM  pauSis  oqM 
suosaaj  jo  'oivi 


•Jod  JO  (X»0'OT 

Aj3A3  ui  SIBUiai 

-IU1U3  JO  -ON 


•pauiBui  001 

X.T3A3  UI  S5{JBI^ 

qjiM  paugis  oqM 
suosjaj  jo  'oiii 


•doj  JO  OOO'OI 
Xj3Aa  UI  syaxx 
-tuiuQ  jb  -OM 


CO rr -sr  •*  lo  c<5 ■<*'  0^ -<r -^  «5 >o -"T  ""r  c<5  ■*  CO '^  CO 'T  CO      »o- 


o  u 


s 

T3  S  tS  *-     , 


So 
fccH 

C  t3T3  _ 

■£  i  =5  *2  ■»  *"  S 


^;3 


c.S-n      x£s>S=S:^oCc 


O^  t:  *j  tn 


tog  t? 
^  g  Ol 


3.2 


bCO 

<0- 


•c  o 
H 


Pi" 
OS 


<ccr, 


t«  — o 
o  ^go5i-icacoco"*t^OiC50 

|62 '--^'- 


~       0.5J 


Oq| 


en  5: 

Q 


1^ 


C!7H05>n!p^o50'H 

-^  t-^t^OD  (N  ■^  «  <h  i 


9iJC 


&qs 


J^JTSSS 


O  m 


C       co_, 

CO  JJ"^ 

O  o  S    - 

(A  CA    C 


c  .S .-  ^ 


is 


5^  ;^-B 


o£2 


U.i3 


■cJ   :  c  £  <u  s 


Q  -S  ■?<  >fl  *^ '?  ?* 

^    g  f^  O  A<  oq  CO 


S6 

OlS 


;.^>^(>qt^Cql>.FHH05>pH< 

i  g  tt  tp  -rr  lb  >o  J--0;  f>.f^o 


p 


.^  o  ■§  "o  J 

O  oj  O.E  3 


>-  8 

o&q 


g-bc 


«*>■  S  ^ 

- ,—  a;  rt 


j-.K3o5S^  0^x03.. 
P  *3:^cjmc«^WOScq  H 


o.S  c^ 

O)   C    >-'    '^ 


^1^  • 
.  &  10 

«  3  S 

to    ^    ^ 

K 1;^  i 

i  Q)  o  o 


P^ 


D 
O 

§^ 

H  fa 
^  O 
3 


ic  o  c--i^>o  eoc  «p7<  7<  pg:^~lfl-<l<  ^  05^^Mg5Cp  >p 
,1h  .^  o  c  o  o  i  c:  c:  00  CO  f^i^t^r^f^tb  >b  'b  h-  -^  d> 

COCOCOCOCOCO00GM<M!MC\|0^(»(MC<l(NC^0^C^C<IC^r-l 


a 


•cfo, 


S2  9 


S^ 


^|ilSSoSo-gog|3-.c| 
OtfOc/JxWl^iuJxJOSPc^t^^JU 


~  ^  :  S  -^ 

Si  «     •  «     •  O 
3        ^         C 

^^sp^ 


s  S  H  2 


p«MO>OMMCi>CClOS>p-;t<r--ip05COrfCOCO 

05        >o -^  o  o  6;  cj  63  r-.il  H"  H- -rj"  4<  ■?)< -rp  «  CO  o)  o>i  (>j 

^  ■^■^TT-'S'COCOCOCOCOCOCOCOCOCOeOCOCOCOCOCO 


a:  s 

H  h  U  S      d 


-d-c 

&.0 


P  3 

-S^Si^S^''-3!rta'o£S'cjci^3>-.u 

^'3«rt005^j::0303<U0330 

P3cflW,j^2cfi^o^c«!«PQti;PKP;2; 


^    c; 


.Ot3 

0;    CS 


>i2 


464 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Percentage  below  the  Average.        ^      Percentage  above  the  Average. 


Bedford 

Berks 

Bucks 

Cambridge 

Chester 

Cornwall 

Cumberland 

Derby 

Devon 

Dorset 

Durham 

Essex 

Gloucester 

Hereford 

Hertford 

Hunts 

Kent . 

Lancaster 

Leicester 

Lincoln 

Middlesex 

Monmouth 

Norfolk 

Northampton 

Northumberland 

Nottingham 

Oxford 

Kutland 

Salop . 

Somerset 

Southampton 

Stafford 

Suffolk 

Surrey 

Sussex 

Warwick 

Westmorlani 

Wilts 

Worcester 

York 

North  Wales 

South  Wales 


O 
O 

DO      - 

3i      c 

z>     < 

OS 

o 

o 

)_t  Or 

0 

)     c 

c 

■>    c 

3     0      C 

c 
•    a 

3       C~ 

0 

0 

...ij 

^ 

I. 

;»•- 

1 

.... 



..... 

— 

— 

—  - 

-— 

--[ 

.\ 

r'T"T""'r:r 
rn  1 

« 

< 

^ 

j 'T" 

-p--    1  _ 

— J 

i 

.... 

r 

:.:. 

"1 

.'J 

... 

1^ 

1 

— - 

_ 

4 

.... 

I 



--1    1 

"y^ 

;:: 



z 

z 

"    J     "i""*^ 

^^ 

^ 



::< 

5^ 

..... 

i 

-J 

— 

-.- 

z 

i " 

......... 

^ 

i> 

7" 



---■ 

■— 

z 

z.j:.. 

— - 

.^ 

^ 

N 

,. 

... 

.__T-. 




1 

... 

i  ' 

^/ 

--^ 

1 

— 

i  "' 



« 

^ 

-.U 

\ 



1 

z. 

|- 

,., 

-I 

'^V^ 

-7 1  ___[_■»■ 

:r- 

■: 

— 

.... 

... 

— - 

^^ 







r 

^ 

^ 

->,.. 

.... 

1 

— 

F 

L 

..... 

— - 

< 

^?? 

<r 

rj^ 

L... 

7- 

.... 



.... 

.... 

. 

^^T^S 



1 

1 

i 

[ 

>1 

^" — 

1   ' 

r"" 

\ 

/ 

f 

[.... 

L... 

— 

.... 

'"y 

> 

^ 
p 

h- 

.... 

.... 

.... 



— 

... 

— 

.._. 

.... 

... 

N, 

^ 

:^ 

— - 

— ■ 

... 

... 

i    ' 

-^ 

_. 

rrr 

^ 

.... 

.... 

.... 

... 

.... 

— - 

....I 

"" 

■-- 

1 

—  - 

— 

«s= 

— 

r 

i 
"**« 

1 

1 

1 

rT^ 

— - 

--' 

....  1 

.... 

^^==^ 

-  ■ 

_— 

..... 

:.;.' 

-— 

— - 

— - 

— 

— 

rr- 

^ 

1 

lT 

.... 

...L.i_.. 

... 
.... 

1 

^. 

u ' 

^^ 

^- 

— 

... 

-  — 

.... 

1    ^ 

1  1  r 

r"" 

1: 

^3 


—      <^ 


^ 


SI- 
S' 


t-'CD        00-^05tnrf^(WtOI-«!>,.0000000000 
o>o        000       00000!;ri-IC^CO->^iO«Ot>.0005CD 


•sSvaaAy  oq;  Avojaq  oSu^uaojgj 


•aSejaAy  9i^;  SAoq^B  99B:)uaDj8<j 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


465   j 


p^ 
o 

a 

Eh 
O 

>H 
EH 

»— ( 

CO 

« 

I— I 
O 

w 

Eh 


t-H 
EH 

O 

O 

<«1 
rt 

a 

EH 

o 


52; 

O 
t— I 

EH 


0£«J   611 

«j  c  > 

.a 


^00      ■< 


i;^  2  ^  C 


>  05 -^  i  o  iji  r-o^ 

.  fN  -T  C^  <>4  —        n 

*  *  *  It  •«•  *  » 


■*  (N  (N  -<  — 


a  ,;  .^  if»  C-.  00 

^1  <N  -<  CO  01 

^l  ■ 

«  i;.  *  *  * 


1.5  05  VI 


4"   3 

XCQc 


JS-HS^ 


'  X^  Sit!  a^tS 


*-•— ;      .»* 


rt  C  -^ 
3  O  3  S 


•j3    • 
^   (U   3_ 

<u  S  c  5 - 


a, 


lO-.-H.-igior^'pc!'.  ocj-^iN-ir-.  coptp 
]OOD«bioi  —  >hsvc;c'.  ?533cboj(>iib-o 
-        -       —    '  n  o\ -T -V —•  ( 


<N  ?0  O  t>.0  >0  0-^00<N'*M©— <M^»*l 


3  O 


irae  . 
=  -  !•- 

i^'^gS^olsl'^  PASS'S 

,9jO.3   4|34)3O(j0^S;33 


3-0 
O  M 

"3 
o  a) 


-i  «> 


*  -5 

*  .3 


EH 

•—I 
CO 

w 
p 


EH 

< 
O 

o 

EH 

-si 
Eh 


o  ^ 


rt 


Eh 

is 


a 

Eh 

a  ^ 

EH 


tejj  60 

C-3  <u  I 

CI   C   > 

SJ  «   <u 

ft.  >^ 


_• »-  o 


****** 


•-3S03<« 


S  « 


a  S 


0  (N  Q  w  Oir^-OiOje^ia  Tt  <N  00  «o  ©»  55  >fl  «t>.o 

kO -^  S -^  <?<  «  ■» -^  I- (N  '*■  CO  fX  — •        rt  —  to        —I 

******************** 


!5?^S^ 


3-3 


^-2 

O    01 

21 


•3 

o)  «!  3 


—  I- 


a»  o> 
<u  0> 

.as 

a>  o 

Jen 


•j;"3  <u 

41   ^    O 


On)'"  « 

O   VI 


'^  c  *»  s 

K    ~    ~  «i^.2 


Tl>  c^  CO  f5  , 


•5    J' 


3  0)_  S    •-= 

ill  ill 


CO 

rt 

O 

o-*i 

t-H,^ 

EH 

< 

O 


r;   _rf  I— I 


PS 


r      <^ 

o  o 


OiifleooosfOto-HO 


t^CJ  o  »  10  >o  O  (N  N  ©« 

CO  CO  CO  (N  -H  F-i -. 

********** 


V 


rt 


«■«     Sis-? 


•3  C 


0<U-S0X.3  4> 

ZQxcnQOJP 


o  o. 
52  p. 

§*■§ 

«  3 

HS 

*  2 

*o 

*  a 


I3       ^ 


3 
0 
H 

co»>.oej— ie^coN.eoc5 

-»'-Ht>.C0'fl>OC0— 'CCCO 
<N(N(NCO<NN<NCN(NeO 

•pauiBjaaD 

-SB  aq  ^ou 

pino3  uoij 

-onajsu'i 

t3!S0i-<'NCiOCe<0'>J 

CCCOOJCO--OCOO..»'t>.05 
to  tC  »  t^OS  •■O^-^-T'* 

'UOIJ 
-3l\IJSU[ 

aouaclns 

t>.CtM;CrrrMC0CO0505 

•liaAvaiiiAV 

puB  p'b3j 

oj  a(qv 

'^^coco  —  -<>0»>.tpifl'l< 

•*(NO«C0— 0<?5(N05 
(>)IN(NO»(NIN<N-HO^(N 

•itljoajiad 

-UII  aiiJM 

puB  pWaj 

0%  aiqv 

.^e:(MO«5»005(N©-H 

CO  >o  lo  CO  tC  kf5 -"^  ■*  to  rC 

•aiuM 

JO    pBai 

0%  aiqcuQ 

toca©eoco-^oocoo»-i 

OV  ««  (N  CN  J--.©  CO  01  «0  Oi 

"_  ©  ?<  1-^  >-H  25  "(r  »  ©  «5 
CO  C5  0?  ®  oT  t-C  t~^i>^  0  oi 

•sjuaA 

C5©rt  (N  CO-*  »0  «!»--.» 

cocoooco  cooocoooooco 

oa   M   O 

H    »    H 

C5  OS 

W    1^  CO 

A    H3  00 

-<  '-H 


o    « 


G  o 

QQ  m  (< 

W  «  P^ 

EH  O 


O    CS 
!z3 


S  00 

M    pa    O  00 

PO    O    O  r-( 

EH 


'pauiB^jaD 

-SB  aq  50U 

p[noa  uoi? 

-DnJisu'i 

©lflt^'l<'^rH©C0IOO: 

^  ■«>•  (jj  CO  0;  .*  CO  r^tp  0 

(NiN(N0JIN01(>lMMrt 

•uoij 
-onjjsui 
jouadns 

«Cp.q'<J)Tj>-«J>c0C0  0-lO» 

©©©©©©©©©© 

puB  peaj 
o»  aiqv 

©  65v^55csooo5t^t>.d: 

•Xnaajiad 

-Ull   B^lllA 

puB  pBaj 
oj  aiqv 

COt-.l-^CJ©CO'^— lOlSO 

-^>o-oco»o<coioa5S 
rt  >b  tb  oc  r^c-,  CO  0-.  <»  'J? 

•ajuM 

JO  pBaj 

oj  aiqBUQ 

>crtSrtc^3wcpci 

rtr^m'Ti'^c:©©  —  ~ 
cOrtrtrtrttNrtrtrtrt 

Years 

O;©-H(MC0  1<U53t^05 

»MCOC0C0WC0CCCOCO 

*>  ^  ■ti  >•  J.   4> 

".  0>«  (u  I-  «3 
«J=  O  S  O  — 

•3  ^  c:S  ts  «> 

2  («  5  o  <*3 

i=5S2  so 
3"t; 


3"t;  e*-3  s* 
1-1  "  .3  55  a  " 
t^  «-  ?^  rt  2 

-^  J3  T3   ••'*H 

^"S  X  _^o  . 

£rt  «  <:t^  ^>. 

"•    rt  5  u  3  ?^  0> 
"     S  O  S  Cl   ~  4) 

*£.5  ^B-"  g. 

o  >s  3  c  £ 


'J  n 


fi' 


467 


MAP 

SHOWING 

THE    NUMBER    OF    ILLEGITIMATE    CHILDREN 

IN    EVERY    1000    BIETHS, 

IN   EACH   COUNTY   OP 

ENGLAND     AND     WALES. 


*♦*  The  counties  printed  black  are  thoec  in 
""^^^-^     which  the  number  of  Illegitimate   Births  is 
jDui'lTcary   ^^^^ggj:   above  the  Average. 

The  counties  left  white  are 

those  in  which  the  number  of 

Illegitimate  Births    is    below 

the  Average. 

The  Average  is  taken  for 

__      four  years  (as  long  as  the  re- 

^     turns  will  allow). 


Th&  Average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is  67  in  every  1000. 


2h2 


468 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 

93  ^ 

OJ(»-^*<0(»«)(^qo5M»p'^-^kO(^5l■^(»■^o»o>»pw(»^»-^ 

< 

u«  *  2  s 

'^fr--^r^C^O>FHoJ:5F^Oo4jl6iW<»OJ-^^r^O<b«booO»bwi)t^ 

i-trH-I-*     COG<lCOC<J(N*     p-lrH*     -^-f-CMr-li— li— 1*     -^CNOr-l-i-COr-li— !-<♦<*     .—(^-(Mco 

P4 

4-4-            4-*    -t-Hh*         *    *         4-      ♦    *    4-4-      *    *    4-*         +--!-*    4-      *         Hh » 

H 

a 
ti-i  •"  _ 

0  (u| 

-1-  • 

o 

0    ««r-.J3 

t»0>0«OOib-OOTHOeOOOM<OG<IC50'<*<i^Oi«OOOJ>OOCOr-(«0«OOiCOOO>W5M< 

»— 1 

t,t-f.«>00'<fO00»0<»<»C0OOt-rll»£JI>.Jb-'»'«»<'<*<OC0t>.0»t^>«0J<©?0C000'<«l 

E-« 

r-(                                            rt                                                          i-t 

55 

PA 
ft 

S 

5 

o£Er 

o»»oo^ocoo<^lo^^-OiW«p^oolt-c»05«oo^-.■<^<»f5«p^p05I^ 

?»« 

c^c^4H»hrHi^6>(?^o>'^<bcb>ho(»0'^cN(?^ib-^ooi«bMO« 

•»o 

T-li-lr-trHr-<<?^         r-(r-<i-Hf-(i-<r-(i— li— l<NrHi-Hi— Ir-tC^C^         r-tr-li— trHi-li— lr-1r-(i-Hr-(<M 

0 

^2 

EH 

1 

fe 

?s 

g> 

«Oi-lWiCOOO"*0>«000(M-*i-IQO-<*OOCO«3<NCOOOOJ">*«OUiOO«OOOi:-COr-llOCO 

CO  Tt<  «  ">*  rH  »0  O  ;0  CO  CO  00  <»  t- (M  CO         Oi  CO  O  00  <M  C<»  CO  -«J<  «0  00  CO          O  00  !>•  CO  0(3  Oi 

l-H 

1 

•pi 

>    M 

CO 

<P. 

1-1                                                                                «               <N         r-l                                                      i-l 

-<1 

^ 

■* 

^ 

ft^ 

-«14COOi'*^«0»OCOCOO<r>vr5COOr--l-^->*<i>.r-<<Ni--IO»OCOOCOCOr-(0>OiC<>OC<IrH 

''*-^»oo»I-HcokO(^^^-.t^OiookoOJ>oo50soocoooo^-oscO'^cooo<r)oooT-l?ooor^ 

-^ 

^  c« 

COOO<MCO»OrHkOO(MCO<M-^i— lO»0C00S«0C0<M00O-^«0i>.(Mk0rH»0e000C0O«0 

ft 
52; 

cd  0 

1 

i-(r-(i-(i-(->4<<M<N(MCOr-(CO<MCOrHr-t          CO(NC<JCOOOr-i>Oi-(C<»COr-(          C^COC<»kOCOCO 

(M 

000?0'<l<0100000i>.«OOi-*i^COt^OOU5'5j<«Or-tOOOJ«OrHCJ><£>r-lkO<MOOiCOeO»0 

•< 

JU 

CO 

COI~-OOI>-OCO"— iC0«0kOC0C0<»«00i0>Q0C00»0>OC0i— (i>.C0«0-<}lC0C0OC0-«»<T-( 

0 

** 

S 

CO-'i^CO^OkOCOOOOCOOOOt-.CqcO         OJCO»OOOO^COCO'>*«Ot:^CO         «oooi^'*ooa» 

■1 

lA 

-• 

r-1                                                                                      ICS                C<«          rt                                                          r-» 

^ 

09 

J= 

m 

e 

tl 

525 

2 

05 

. 

(MOOl»(M'<i<>OOS'>!j<000>(MOO'>*00050t^r-lcOf-lCOVO»00»0«OOCO?OOOOJ(350 

a 

a> 

^ 

ocooi-^cDi— |<M^-^oo^HOJc^^ko«ooo^»t~coi>.<otooio>r-l^>.oocooiOJooO'*co 

1— 1 

■»! 

rt 

03 

CO">!*<<N^OOCO«t-COOO»Ot~(MCO          Ol'ttiOir^lMCMG^COi^t^CO         lOt^CO'iJ^OOOl 

>> 

E 

r-«                                                                                      O                C<<         i-(                                                          r-( 

w 

El 

^ 
S 

s 

'S 

1 

pA. 

0>G^O>i>.Ot^i-iOOirHi-ICO»OVO'*OOOh-^W5'*COOOOOIr^OO^OOOr-lCOOr-4 

s 

>»> 

<M 

CO 

'<t<t^(MO0iC0-<*<t^00e0<Mt-^O.— iOO>05<MM<>OC0-*C^t^(MC0C0^«0r-IQ0»Oi— 1 

eo 

0 

CO 

C0"^C0'><<»-iO«0':000C000C0C0C0->!i<r-(OQ0«000<M0^-*'^«000'<l<          «OOOt^C<JO>0> 

e 

u* 

f^ 

rH                                                                               T-(  »0                (J^         »-•    .  ..                                                 r-l 

EH 

-2 

s 

. 

s 

«0 

>OC000T-(00?0t^C<J0>'<K'*00i-IC0(M'»V00>OC000t--*O00»000!M«0C0'*Ot~O 

t— < 

e 

VfiOC<|->*00i^'*t^00'X)O00r-l»:^Oi-iT-iC<J-<*-»*<-^-^(M-^O0iC0»0t^OO'>*C0»O 

EH 

CO 

C0'ii<C0'<l<rH»0?0C0t^C000kO00<M'^rHO0SC000OG^-<J*'<*l«000C0          <©Oit^C<JCJJOO 

hH 

^^ 

1—1                                                                               i-H  iO                (N          ?-(                                                          rt 

CU 

^ 

.1 

J"  jj 

«00iC0«00>'*>O-*O(M0i0ir-l?0t^»005?000C0i— (OSb-OOi—li— li— i«OVOi:^i-<CO-J<(M 

t-H 

s 

ho  TO 

•^050>oocn>»ooo^^^oco(^^cocO'^oi-^o^o^-ooooo50>I-looI— ic<Joi^ir~oocir-io> 

0 

C0t^'rt<C0u:i(>100OCNr-(J:-C0C0l-^C0O-5fH(MC0C0C0'*O0iC000C<>t^'*C<:)<r)'^O-^ 

0 

e 

>  M 

^lO-<*<CO(Mi-(»OOOCOlC5COOC<><MkOC<JOOCOt^G<l'>!»<«5CO<r>0>OOkO          CDCOrHCiOO 

0 

<s. 

r-ir-(                i-(fHr-(rH                       i— lt-J—(»Oi-H                                            i— li-tr-lr-t<N 

P3 

1 

s^^ 

m 

^f-E 

'*kr>-*CO«Ob-T-tVO(MO>«OCO'rJ^'>*l005«OCO(>)OCOV01r^'Ti<CO'*«OU:)Oi05?0(MirtOO 

t) 

OOOiOO^Oii— I'^OSCDC^,— c^O'<ii00051»COC<>i— i-*t<C<ia500t^(M-^00(M05O(MJ>-kO«O 

3     !«<«  -^ 

C0r-!0>lOC0OO(M00l00>C0-^0>»Oi— lOOOVOVOXrSOiCOCOOOlOOOOOOkOt^OiOOi 

J2; 

^ 

!^««S 

**< 

ir^coi>.»Oi— ix:ico(M'*o-«nt-<CT)Oi— loococoo50i^-T-^<^^^^^~oo<^^oco«ot^(^^1— < 

(^ 

S 

SSS2 

r~lC<JrH<N>0-*<MCO«0(M«i'<*<'.J(i-lCq         t^05<M'<»<r-((MUr5C<«COCO<?^          <N»0'<l<t^'5}<00 

w 

EH 

J2; 

* 

* 
* 

H  0 

0 

tn 

a5 

CQ 

H 

(3 

'^                                                              o  5r,  PI                 o 

liillll^iil,||||,|||j|lllti|Jj|ir 

«m«o5ooPPPPW^WWWM^^;3!^!^tzi;2;^5z50P§^^M!2dQt^ 

-si 

Eh 

-«1 

0 
u 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


469 


»0'*C0OOO-*'<*< 

r-l«D05C0r-(5O«OJ^^ 

-i-r-l  (N  Hh*      -i-r-l  -i- 

*     -F                    Hh 

OOCOt-OSCOT-IOOfN 

1;- 

«O»O00CO?Ot^^^-i:^ 

CO 

Ot-C0C0C50>lr-J:^ 

CO 

^t^T-l-*^CO<MCO 

^n 

r-i 

(MrHOCOOilOt^CO 

O 

<r>C0»0Oi^k0-*O 

y—t 

<»00i— (0«0i— IQOCO 

•^ 

-rtl          I— 1 

Ir- 

CO 

ir^CO'*-*000500-* 

(M 

-*(M(M(Mi— It— ICOCO 

■^ 

«DCCOOX--«OCOC<J 

CO 

<N  CO          (M  CM  <X>  CO  kO 

OS 

T— ( 

->* 

tH 

coa>Ci05coo(MO 

i- 

(Mt^-iHCO»OOCOO 

':*< 

CCCOi— I-^VOp-IOOCO 

i^- 

•^          rH 

CD 

CO 

VOOC5lO(>500r-l 

lO 

OlCO'^QOi— iCOCOt- 

C<l 

tOOOr-(-*OOQOOq 

l-H 

-^            l-H 

CO 

CO 

05»Ob-0SV0i:^-^«0 

OJ 

tDCO'*M^COT-HkOkO 

»o 

?OOOi-(lOGOCOOO<M 

<N 

-<*<          r-l 

OO 

CO 

t^OSOir-^OOCOcMt^ 

T-l 

lO^:^^^-G<ll':ocoi-0 

''H 

«Ot-i— 1»0   t—  CMOO-^ 

(M 

^      J-< 

00^ 

CO 

CO^COCNOi-Hi^i:^ 

(?^ 

r-iCOC5lO^^«Oi— lTj< 

Oi 

CO  i.-  1-  (M  rH  OO  OO  O 

t- 

Oi  -^h  r-l  1-  O  t^  O  OO 

-* 

>—*                  1— 1  VO  tH  rH 

»o 

»o 

■*0OOt)OOi— i-^OOOO 

o 

kOCOi^OCO^CDOO 

t- 

-*0iOO»0-<ti<Ni— 1 

I-H 

ooGoi^-aiOi— icocM 

Oi 

CO  O          C-1  ^  CO  '^  t^ 

7—1 

<M 

c^ 

CI 

r^         • 

PI 

rt 

'TJ      • 

PI 

ce 

bo 

c     • 

'^                      to    w 

pel 

,0      00 

Sussex 

Warwi 

Westm 

Wilts 

Worce. 

York 

North 

South 

si 

Fh 

o 

H 

O 
H. 

w 

ho" 
w 

c: 
a: 


O   o)   (u  33 
'^   ^(0     I 

W 


O  es 


(N  rH  m  CtJ  rt  rl  <N  (N  1-1  1-1 -^  r-l  i-H         rH  r-i 


Eg 


.     O  «i  e  ■ 

O  -,  3  C- 


2  S3  o  ■«  o  S 

CS  S  CO  ^ 


w  CO  M  05C;o;t>.t>.t>.t-.t>.t>.>o-*  ■*  o 


:      J=  S.2 

r-   £  53 


i-r  >-l 


**     -s  -a  — 

.-.CO 


s  ~.s 


a,';s^'Scg°030(u^ajo^o-sS3xr: 


5!a  *  E  i- 
I'^e  go 


o  ,.  M    . 

tsi-i 

W 


MS 

O    "3 

SH 


c^  t^co  o 


c  ^ 


.2^ 


5.S 


O  rt  c ' 
—  "S  P  < 
o  „  5  p. 


Ci  a     C.  >0  05  W  «>J  ?S(>)  t>.l-N.(M  Oi 

aT-S    «ovico->r(Mco«U').-i«(M 


^S 


g  55    M  w  o  ;o  «o 'o  Tf  rr  CO  CO  1-1 

i,    tc    '-^  i-l  i-" 


1  c  .s;  ■>  1- 

:  fid-"  b  o 


S    50    g  SC  J    U 


iSl 


SC  ■? 


"i^ 


^  B  S 
5j~  >• 


2;  xi  »-  i  <" 


C-C3 

g 
Is 


I  rt    QJ 


??S|1 


o)  j-  c  S  _,  o  P   • 


o  P 


!=;      _,  *i  t;?  m  c  H 


t«  5  g 


.5^5  s  g  o "  3^  ^^  S  s;  o  §  s  52 


< 


05'f5005>-lC;r>.>C^O;0505f.,l-^tOCOfN(Mr-iOCj0503 


tck-  2 


=  iSi!rt5-^^35^SOc3^X04jg0  3-- 


^'S 


;l^ 


■«       S 


•^  5  =, 

Sis  S     >- 


471 


MAP 


snowiNQ 


THE    NUMBER   OF   EARLY   MARRIAGES   AMONGST   MALES 
IN    EVERY    1000    MARRIAGES, 

IN   EACH   COUNTY   OP 

ENGLAND   AND   WALES. 


***  The  counties  printed  hlack  are  those  in 
which  the  number  of  Improvident  Marriages  is 
above  the  Average. 

The  counties  left  white  are  those  in  wjjich  tlie 
^.___  number  of  Improvident  Marriages 

is  below  the  Average. 

The  Average  is  taken 
for  five  years  (as  long  as 
the  returns  will  allow). 


472 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


t— ( 

o 
o 

< 

w 

"-A 
»— I 

CO 


PE< 


< 

CO 

■Si 

CO 

w 

<1 

t— I 

o 

^ 

r=^ 

1— 1 

tos 

H 

C 

O 

g 
e 

CO 

?^, 

"W 

W 

Ph 

^ 

<1 

W 
P 

^ 

p 

< 

Cx] 

« 

,    o 

O    ^ 

■s 


^ 


P^ 
< 
pq 

o 

p^ 

pq 

pq         I 

w      ^ 

^     * 

O 

W 

CO 

P>q 
P^l 
&^ 


•  of"" 

S^^  o  - 


eo(>Jc<Joo'ocot^Oi0505ec)C^o->*oo?0'*Cico>oo»ocjOJt^«OMOiC'i-rf< 

IOt— li—  l--.C<J(?qC<l-+--^   -f— r-"   CC*      cot—  CC-^r— 'OO*      lOCOr- iCO*      -^4- 1— (O^   -f— -^   -ti 
I— I  4 ( — I h-*     *  #  *     -V—       *     4— I—"  *     -f (—       *     *     M — I—       -i—       *     *  *     4— 


«-  MS 

o  ea  5 

•25  ^ 


^OCOM^t—  I— (rHl0CX)(M»0(M(M-*CiO«0O0i0iC0»0U-lC0O-*00i— ICCVOCNCOO 
C0M<05G^iOCC>OC000<M-*IOOt—  I— (CO-<*iCOt—  inoOO'+iOCNlOUrjO-lCir-Hi— It-— 
(MrHi— iCNi-Hi— li— ir—i  I— li— IC<li— (  (MCOi— (i— II— Ir-i  i— If— (r-(i—li— (i—li— <  i— li— li— 4 


s  ^^ 

O   C3   a> 

>:  c  w 

o  <«  <-i 
M5 


<  a 


oiGO-*(^:)-*(^^co«oc^i>.u:s^-.(^^^-.»ooicooosoloooooT-^050«o«oos^--^o(^^ 

I— < 


(?qOii7<'^»0«p^<Nr^CSOOi«OJt-.JC^05r-Hq^lO»OCp-r^ 


050cocbaDOOT^ibr^doi>.cooocbot~6iC^ko 


<r>OiO>'+'C50r-lrH»0(Mt—  COi— li— IC<JC0OC0t-O<Nt—  t—  COOOOOi— 1>— iCOOOO 
CN00COC<lr— ICOt— It— i—  urS'^^OOlr^VOi— lUrSi— (OC<l'*i'*->*COi— iCO-ctit--C<|lO»0':0^^ 
ro  ..^   r<l   r^\  M^  -^-w  1F-H   ro  ro   _j   f(-i   rf^  r^^  •*4j  •.m   ^^  *«4i  r^\  r<\  r-r\  ^-u  ^-t  r^\  r^  rc\ 


C<lr-(i— ICO^COr-((MCOi— IM<'<i<CO 


»     I 1      »*.•»     T— 1      N^i^     V,M       ^^^       ^^^      ^^T"      ^*-'      r— 1      ^^^      ^^»     *.-» 


CO  CO  OO 


io-*c<iiooi— lUtii—ii— It— 0'<*<0i— (ix>»o>ooioi— iOiOi^Hi>-->^eo-^cot— CiCioo 
ocot:-o»ooocociO»Oi— l<^^tl:^r^t>.-^I— iio^jHi— iococor-iooco»o       -*-<*<t>-cs 

T—l  i—li— I  I— ti— li— li— (  I— lOlr— li— ICOi— li— It— (  i— l(M 


H-o 


O^-^OC000t-C0'*0Sl000'*t—  05t-05t—  ^*(MOt—  »O^CXO(Mt-t-»OoOlOCi 
03^^:*4CMa>^:t<i^»Ot-lOCOt—  »01010CO^^COO.— ICOCOCO-^'^I—  OOt-CNCO 
I— lC50i«©OOC5COOOi>.(Ni— lOOCNOt—  000(MC<Jt—  CO^OCOt—  OOi— (t^t—  OOC<> 
i-T  j-Tc^Ti-T         T-Tr-T         (jq^C^r-T         r-T         Co'cO^i-Tc^Tt^         C^Ti-rr-Ti-r  r-Tr-T-^ 


-<*<05(Mt-0^tl-*t—  -^COOiOOOIt—  dCO-^Oit-t—  ?Ot-CO?OOiOOO>OOt— -^^lOQO 
<Ni— iCOC<|lOC:'t—  UDOOO-^i— lOlOOOCNt—  -*<MUti-*a5O>00i— iCOCO<MCO-^0500 
lOCOCO»Ot^-<*ii— (->ti»OC<l»0^t-         C0(NOt-t>.l0kOr-l00»O'<^OC<»         (Mt>-CO-^ 


OOi—ICOOOCOi— It-  »0  Ot-Oi<MC<)G<l<M  C^l^'^t—  05t—  'O'^i—IOOi—ICOOOt—  1—1  t—  t— 

I— It—  I— <<>i^3i^Cit— co^oo<r)t--'*050c<ico^tiococooooi—  '^aicoi—t—  COO 

<Mt— IC<lCO^CO         CN-^rH'^'^CO         r-ti— iCOOOCOiO'*i-|kO(MCqcOi— (  ----- 

(N  7-1 


CO  ICi  c^ 


«OOt—  OOOOCWCi-^t—  U^i— ICOt—  cot—  OOO^COCO-»ti--*Oit—  Ot-COlOCiOOi 

OJt-COi— ICOCOCOOCMkOr— iCNCO  <£>CO(MOC<)COa3-^i:Or-lt—  COVO  »010t—  I—I 

r-lr— I  »— li— I  I— li— li— I  i—li— li— li— lOq  I— li—i  T—l  I— I  CO 


1— l-*Oir-4C<ICO"<*40i— leOC^r-IOt—  CO-*t-Ot-t—  OOt-'^t-U^C^JCO-^r-IOs-^lO 
(MOt—  I— It—  I— l05t--0«D<:DT-l'*->^05C5«OCOt—  I— IC<ll0-*00»OOC0C0^0r-lO-^ 
C^C^rHCOCOCO         (M^i— l-'^'^CO         i— I         »OCO(N-rl<'cJ<rH^C<JC<JCOi— (  r-iCOCOO 

C<<  rH  T-i 


u:5'!*<<r>'»C<JCOCOC<lt— t--<*ICO'*^00(MOOCOUr50CM>:*i'rfiOt-COi— It— lOIOt-  I— I 
r— It— t—  OJCOCOC<JOOOilO(M(MT— It— lCO-«*lOt—  C<li— iCM'^-'tli— lOSi— IIOt—IUJt— ICDOi 
I— I  I— 1  I— It— <T— I  I— It—  i—lr-(COi— It— It— (  i— ICO 


OOi— '«OO5VOMIC0O5t—  OCO^O-^hOt—  OOi-^1— ICO'JOt—  C<)«00»OCO-<!*<»OVCOUr5 
C0005-«^kOCOCOCOCOCO«Or-lT— ICOCMt— lirjC»C<IiOO-rtit—  (Ml— I<X>10t— ICDOOt—  CO 
(M(MrHCO-<*lCOT— l<MCOT-l'*'<i<-^  <Mf— ii:Ot—  CO-*COi— l^r^lCOCOCOi— I  r-iCOCOCO 


OOOIt—  (M-^OOO-^-^OCOCDOi— iCOCiOOU^O(MOiCOCO(M0005iX>-^C<ICOOkO 

ocoooi— lococ^oo'^i— (i—icoi— iccc<ic<ic:)K^oocvi-*iai— lOicoo       ?ocoooo 

I— I  r— Ir— (  T— li— I  I— It— It— I  i— iOt— I  CO  i— It— I  r- 1  i— It— IC^ 


«OC<l»OOOt—  OOVOCO<Mt— lOOtOOOi— IOSt— I'TtlO^OiOt—  CiC0-rf<C0l0OC000C0'*00 
T-IOOt—  O(M-*'*i-rt<i0C0<^C0t—  COC-lOiT— i<N>OCOt—  -*-«ti»0(Xi«OaST— It— iCMi— Ir-I 
C<Jt-It— !CO-<*iCOt— IC<«COt— l-^}l-«*<CO         CI  COt—  CO-<i<-*i-l-«^CO(MCOT— I  i— ICO'^J^OO 

CM  T-I 


COt— lO0i>0-^-^C0l0-rtlOC0(NOt—  r-IC^C>OOlOOOOCOC005COtMOC^C35i— too 
O«0C000t—  00>Ot—  OiCOT— ICOCOi— It—  "^i— I'^COi—ICOCOt-—  cot—  COlO  ■^^rtor^^^ 

vj  v^  «— ij  *~i<  v.^  H^  ("^  .^  M^  /'v*^  -^  — ^  __^ 


I— I  O  T— I  T— (  CO 


CO  »0  00  t- 
(M 


t-cor-i-^*<coc<jooco-*vnico->*ot— ooo-^oococ^joit-t— GiOi(^^o->*looH^ 

COCOOO(>J05t— lOOt—  CMkA»OlC>l0^i— It—  OOt— ICOOCOt— ICOi— It— ICOt—  r^-rtll—  t—  CO 
CMt— Ir— ICOCOCO  OqCOi— ICO-^CO         (MCO^COCOCO(Mr-l-<;tiCOtMCOT— I  i— ICOCO^ 

<M  i-l 


(M(M«C>lOCO<^i— lCO-*C<IC<>»OCO»OCOt—  COi— <0(M0500-*i050000COC<l«0-^t—  >0 
OU^COt— IIOCOCOOOOOCOOOC^COt— lOOt—  OCOCDi— I'tiCMCD'OCO-^lO  CO-'tlt—  i— i 

r— I  r— It— I  r— li— I  OOf-Ht— iCMi—ii— It— I  i— l(M 


3  2  S  *  Si" 
c  >  E  tj<i:2! 


0(MxJ(00-^00-*-»*lOit--*OOQOOiVOOi»Ot-(M05»COiOOi-l'*-*M<«005U-^l— 

cocNt— (M«Oi— ieour5t-oco^<x>-<*ioiocooo(M«c>»ocioO"^coo'o<^a5iocoo 

0iC00i'«*<t-»0O0ik0(MT-li-H^k0«0O-<;t<C0t—  OOOOOOCOt— |iX>r-iC-1i— Ir-lW^i— lOOO 

r-T    j-rc^c^ri-rr-T'^T-rc's'c^c'i'    i-r    ■«*'ooT-H'c<r'rrT-rco'i-rc<rc<fT-r    i— Tco'co'-*" 


vS  ^  ^  -"     - 


*j  'rt  n;} 


3     rt  .:a 


pqp=lpqOOOOO«PlQpt5Cl5KaffiWH-5H:ih-:5SS:2;:^^!2;OPH 


a 

j2     O)     (U 


«:2 

aj    o 

"s  i 

3    o 


(U 


,o  ^  -c 


t3 
Ti   s 


CO  S  ? 

»-|  ^  s 

c<J    O  c  *3 

u:i  in  xj:i  x/1 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


47;5 


I— I^OSCO»Oi— IClCSiCOOi 
(NO^r-H*     ♦     (Mi— (CO-«jiCO 

Hh*    -t-  Hh-Hh-i-*    * 


i-HCOCMt-^COOCOlr^O 
(M  «0  i-l  4-<M   lO  CO  CO  CO  CO 

COr-<Oi— IOO-*i-Ht>.t-<M 

<0050COC~l«0"::iOOt-C30 


C-i:DOOO<MOO«Ot^l>-0 
»Oi— ICO^'tlCOO'OOCNCO 


,-li350^«pb-0»peOqOrH 


00>OOOlOt^C<«050lO 
(M 


OOcX)OO^lOOOOi(MO 
(MOOOOt^r-ir-HOCMfr-CO 
1— t  T— I  1— 1  T-H  CO  I— I 


OC00001:^05(MOS(M05 
0>0  1---*(MCOrH-^Oi>- 


OOOOJC^r- IGOCOOD'*!— Ii— I 
COCO<M^'X>t^QO^#«0>0 


0»CO-<*0?0-^l:^->*lO-* 
CO^OCOO         (MC<lCO(MCO 
CM 


O  (M 

1—1 

(M 

o 

oo 

■^  -<:»^  ■*  1>- 

(M  CO 

I— 1 

on 

oo 

o 

O  1:^  CM  rH 

■«ii  lO  -5j<  -rl< 

CO  O  i:^  (M  -^     1 

(M 

r-lC'OVOJr^O'^COOO«Oi>- 
OfMlOCO-rtlCJOOCDCOl-^ 
•rl<lOCO-^  CM^OOr-ICO 

CM 


COOOOOOt— lOOi— l-^OCX) 

t- 

COOCilOrHOOCOt^T-l 

OO 

rH               7—1         r-l  CM  OS         J— 1 

CM 

CO 

t^lOOCO-^VOi— ICOOO 
CDC0<M00'*'-0<MC»O00 
CO-'tiCOCO  (M-<*^OCMCM 

CM 


CO 


CO 


CO 


r-IO<M-^7H«P«pCOi>-CO 
I— i«O(M'MC0i— li— IrHCOCO 

CO 
CO 
(M 

CO 
CO 


Oi 

I— I 

CO 


CM 


«o 

O  CM  ?0  i^ 

O  CM  O 

C5 

I— ( 

CO 

CO 

CM 

CO 

o 

c^ 

o  oo  -* 

T— 1 

I— 1 

i^ 

CO 

"■ii 

■^ 

CO 

uri 

CM  <M  O  <M  CO 
<M 

05 
I— t 

C0O05CMC0»O0i-*0iO     1 

r-l 

CMt—  l-^i— 1          I— 400O5X>'U^ 

Oi 

r-t                 CO          i-t          X^          i-l      1 

o 

1 

CO 

COCOCOC01r-a5COIr-t^O» 

O 

c<iooi^t^i-(050i-+icocq 

CO 

tH                 T-H                         £—          r-l 

kO 

lO 

o 
o 

cT 

CO 


C5COlOlOCO-^-rtii— liOi— 1 

CO 

C0O0it^<MC0'O^*<C0'*l 

T— 1 

r- 1  I— 1         I— 1         I— 1  GO  CX)         I— 1 

CO 

CO 

CO 

oT 


lO^CVaOOt—  rHOOlOCO 

O 

iHOOCOCOr-Hr-llOCMt-i—l 

I— 1 

I-l                 I— 1           1— 1  I— 1  <»          tH 

la, 

lO 

eOOi-iOCOi-iCOOSCOi:^ 

CO 

lC)»0C0OC0000i05^*<C0 

'^ 

■^lOC^CO'iJICOt^COCOCO 

r-l 

C<1  iO  CO  Ot)          rH  CO  '^i  CO  '^ 

Oi 

I— 1 

CO 

rH 

^  X 
^  "' 


M    t-i    «   *r    ;-! 


-ft -^ 


6o  o 

03    C 


aooQcc^f^^^>^!^r/2 


cs  2 
w  ■= 
>  S 

cfi  S 

o 

W  g 


O 

< 


Oh 

cd  o 

<J  u 

^^ 

c«  O 
H 

w 

<u 
S 

H  -r 

^  s 

\  ^  ^ 

a 

ri     ^ 

E    .4- 


ci 

IN  -H  0»C  «  —  c; 

si 

fN  -^  C-3        -I-  C3  eo 

«   . 

■X-  -x-  -^  -x-  *  *  * 

0.2 

<fa 

dS 

(5^S 

'     c 

o  — 

rtoe^'-'st^cr.  o 
ci  o  C-:  oi  M       n 

e^ 

*  «»  *  *  If  * 

<:^ 

In  No. 
of 

Illegiti- 
mate 
Births. 

—  Oii-^c:«eot^ 

ID  -^  -^  (N  -H 

.^  •«  e  B  ^  aj 
^  G'^  y  e  c 


f  O  Xi  >-  '-'  3 


3  5 


£  9 

§1 

-^  to 


■S2> 

■"  O  (I) 
C  1^  »- 


.o.S 


s  ?? 


»  *  » 


2-0  »C  rt  c  o 


i      3  o  ,!g 


OX5 

*-  c 


15  5 


^s| — 

to    ^ 

ss  S'  a 
?  .2  « -r  o 

■^  «"«  ^  «5  s; 

£>a  R  s  £  f^ 


i( 


<u 

o  ts 


bCtn 
O  rt 

HS 


>> 


Is! 


-w  t>.-^  <M(MCCOM-^OJ»3;-*C:-H 


CO  —i  (M      ri  ~: 


t^  — 1  'O  CO  -^  CO  (N  . 


'1  .* 

CO<M        (NrO        ^tN._» 


—      «     o 


S  Sj 


«  < 


O-H      I    rH- 


H  "O  CO  '>J 


>r:  Ci  'O 

CO  ^  .-H 
*    ^-    -it 


^•s 


<1>       \       -.  ..H 

3-    V      S 


tort-" 


-■  ~  ~    S  ■*  COCI  C-l  CN  rH^  ■ 


»OCO(>4(NCO— ■rHrH— IrH 


►e  •"  Ci 


J         -.C         .         .         .      r. 


U    to 


TS   (-1    iH 


li 

c«0 


•tj  ~  s: 

g  «  S 

o.  «»  's 

J,  e  o 


'4 


li 

i3         \<Q>A 


3  a> 

2  * 

O  a. 


«  a; 


O)     t^ 


<    ^ 
tf  o 


^rHeoeo»fl-f'03CN>o>o-*»n-HkniMiM! 

COCO(MCN(M(M-H-H  —  ©ooioseowcoj 


:.o 


CO    .«? 

fa 


•ii^g'? 


■•£  c  )H  (u 


S'H^ 


i?u?cic;z;c«c«Scjcj-72c«SQc«5;;2; 


< 


>>  OJ  CO 


CO 


<u  ca 


K    O 
w 

o 


o 

W 
O 


cc  >o  r>.o  -^  • 


2;  .0  ip    2    . 

2  '^^  5   0  :  <u 

■5  M  S  Tj      I    ti). 

<<  Hi  a     tiO_-  -c  • 


:  :S  : 


3  '^ 


ICOCCt^tOlO(»COl^?0 
)C0(M(MC^CNO4(M— li-ir- 


cn     «j  s     u> 


-    s 


2     3  o- 


•13 


-nr-  n  "?    •  -r- 


S  C 


^     .2.5  O  §3  3 


fe*^-::: 


— 12  ^ 


0'hJgc^tfGcju;^c/3c«S;2;^c^CS3c« 


>  W   03 


c  05  OT  >o  ■ 


<u 


S2  S  ci  w 


"1^ 

1^ 


'3  5 


S-H 


.Sit: 

oi  a> 


■  -s 


3bfl-       ■Su^-S.ii  S    *J« 

3  rt  c  C  S  o  •!?  o  o  S  3  I  c  3  o  g  53 1<  ^ 

m  U  ^  ^  X  ^,  W  >  ^  -o  cJ:  J  2  K  O  c):  C  O  ^ 


5  I  ^ 
E  S'S 

ill 

3      s^-s 

tf.O)  S  bo 

5c^S 

gs-,  =* 

fS«g 

*->  C  (l)_ 

x:"  g  3 

*J  O)  g  cs 

.2  I  o  fi 

*  !*mo 

•5?    n.-  3 


■3  C 
^.^ 
n^  ft) 

.3  o 

H  oa 


Map  No,  VI. 


475 


MAP 

SHOWING 

THE    NUMBER    OF    FEMALES    TO    EVERY    100    MALES 

IN   EACH   OP   THE   COUNTIES   OP 

,m-.  ENGLAND    &  WALES. 


***  The  counties  printed  black 
are  those  in  which  the  proportion  of 
Females  to  Males  is  above  the  Ave- 
rage. 

The  counties  left  white  are  those 
in  which  the  proportion  of  Females 
to  Males  is  below  the  Average. 


The  Average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is  105  Females  to  every  100  Males. 


47G 
Table  No.  VIII. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Ct5 
W 

<j  < 
^  o 

o  ^ 

CO    ^ 

M 


aj  .2  a;  O  > 
c-c  S  «  S 


-  o  ""  5.i: 
5    S^n 


o  ■"*■  >o  -f  :o  C5  — I 

******* 


^t! 


oEiirt 


O—       »'0»fl'flwi<N'-< 


s  5i 


^  <  -S 


s 

8* 


,«s  "^^^  ^ 


Oc 


y.  S 


*********«******^t** 


&c    Si 


2  3  o  2  <u  £  3^ 

"•2  S  3  i  o  o 


S  o 


too— .ooasoos-^o-^f^ 
************ 


cjto«o«'»i'c>5nco«co-^f-i 

****iH«****** 


E  03 
O  3 


.S  3 


■H-s  5 

—  ■£  ° 
.2J.!2   .~ 

C  }?•§ 

3  ^-Si  B 

S|S| 

<u  7  5:0) 

^■2.2  !3 
■"  o  <«  2 

ft)   O   4J    « 

2c£| 

a)'3  ~  ~ 
O-S  — "" 

0)      >-.    .> 

>-  £  « 

u  S  3   <0 
'^  C  OJ  o 

*  S-^  — 

*  t;! 

*  (u  »r.23 


O  tq 

EH   Ph 
cc  o 


CO   M 


Eh 

5^^ 


X  5 

2  3  S  c  2.^-  c  s«t: 

■-^«Jo3<uoOO 


■*  s 


■3 

IH    3 

>■  — ■ 


c:qfe; 
o 

°^ 

Eh  W 

Sow 

CO       fe 

coo 

W  H-3  CO 
E-t 


3     .  "tf  a)     .no 

oO  aj  S  !n  S  Ccu 

2S.^1<I''* 


3  £  >>S 


-(-*  *  *      -*-*  *  -1— i-*  *  ■*-*  *  *  * 


Of>.;0-^©<»05  0^t;»ODt>.»y  Oit>.«po;  O;  O  03  03  05 
*  *  ■\-~*  -<-*  *****  -♦-*  *  *  H-*  *  *  #    *  *  «  * 


03«  M,^  IOJ-..P5  i-«— <i>.ai  oc^as'M— ii-<»'^-*Ci-*'Nto--«-*aico-<-H  .-ij^jM^  w-^-nM-^eqc^c^ 


OOOOOOOO-hOC.  O^C2OOOOOC5r-.05OO©  005  05  O 


oooooooo 


3 

=  •3 


xs-S  ^i  S  <u 

0)  0)  3  c«£ 


:  <u 


SJ 


Q  3  01  aj 
UUQQ 


O  3  !2 


3  O) 


<u  3 


^^^SgScs 


-3    0   0) 


"  S 


h^hJ^^ 


3-^  C  T3 

2S6  .  •        o  .      .  .  .  a  .  .  . 

o  o  o  oT<  315  §  g  i<  3  3  s^-SS-S.® 


Map  No.  VII. 


477 


MAP 

snowiNG 

THE    NUMBER   OF   PERSONS    COMMITTED    FOR   RAPE 

IN    EVERY    10,000,000    OF    THE    POPULATION, 

IN    THE    SEVEJIAL   COUNTIES   OF 


ENGLAND  AND  WALES. 


*♦*  The  counties  printed  black  are 
those  in  which  the  number  committed 
for  Rape  is  above  the  Average. 

Tlie  counties  ieft  white  are  those  in 
which    the    number    committed    for 
Rape  is  below 
the  Average. 

The  Average 
has  been  cal- 
culated for  the 
ten  years  from 

841  to  1850. 


The  Average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is  68  in  every  10,000,000  People. 
Monmouth  {the  highest)  171  „  „ 

Nottingham  {the  lowest)  28         „  „ 


478 


Table  IX. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUB  LONDON  POOR. 


O 

EH 

P5 

a 

EH 

I— I 
h^ 

*^ 
d3 
!2; 
pq 

o 

»— t 
EH 

5z; 

o 
o 

EH 


w 

EH 

o 

EH 
►-H 
»J 

-^ 


O 

EH 


■III 

o    - 
c    * 

01 

O100-*;-H0O          'p-^C5VpoOMOOOOU':icOOOSOOi5p»'^?000-^»0<»(N(N 

*      *      oil— ICO            -^(M(M(>J0OOO-i-C^l— IC<)rH(M-i-kO*      "^COHf-rHkOCOC^*      rHr-iOrHr-iCN 

r-H  ♦     H—       *     *     *     *     4--{-        *     i-(  *     *     *           ;):           I— 1  -i-        *     *     Hh-i-        *     -{-'—'*     *     * 
4-                                                                 -i-                                    -h-                                                     +- 

No.  committed 

annually   for 

Rape  in  every 

10,000.000 

Persons. 

OC<J«0»0«0001>-OOOi0^ir^«50i.--lCO<>1000-tj(«ot^COCOir>000'*C<lt^i:^0.--llCCO 

co<o^ooc^^<^5l^^TJ^-<^iO(^^c^^coo'<*^»ocolo^-<•co«c>i^o>x^•>0(^^o>oo^oot-'!J<^oo 

r— (         I— 1                                     I— 1  rH                1—1                                            I— (                                                                 1— 1 

11 

1-1 

1 
Total 
for  10 
Years. 

ooc<l<^qoO'*t^<^I^-.OJi^~(^Jooui•<*coo'*^«oco»oos05»f50oolO(^^kO'-ooJ1-lOvol>. 

r-l(rqi-1»OC<^         tH<M         '^t1-<*<C^          (M          COOip-(i-l)-ICqCOrHr-1          I-l          r-(CMC<)0OC<»COi-1 

r-t 

6 

-a 

0) 

E 

1 

1 

o 
H 

1 

o 

00 

I-l 

tH  Cq  <N  Ol  «0  <N       •  i-t*»0'T^"<!t<  Cfq  t^      :rHr-ICOOij-H(MOikOOi'»*<      -rHi-l       •OCOi-ICO(N'>:*<      ; 

»— 1 

r-lr-lU:5T-ICqC<J(NrH      ;      tO  (M  <*J1  rHC^i-KM-gi'*      :.-lT-IU3(MCO.HrH       :      :C^XOi>.CO'*r-t 
.      .                                                                     .1-1                                                .      ,                ,-1 

.  o6 

OO 

T-t 

i-ico    :t-ii— to    :    :  ^  1-i  "t*  ^  r-t    i^    :r-<<N    r^^jivo    t^^jtr-i    :>-ieoi-H    :eo'*<oMko    • 

1>^ 

OO 

»— I 

:      •O^C^r-l      :      :i-l-«i1rHi>.(MC<»ClT-t       :  rn  ■t^  iHCOkOi-HCl      :(N       :rH      '(NCOCOOOCN^       : 
.      .                         .      .                                                          .       -rH               1-1                   .             .            . 

00 

r-t 

:    :    :(Mt-.cocq(M»o    \  o>-^  (?tvh^6o    :rHoo<N    rcMot-    :tHt-ico    :rH-<*<rHococo<M 

.      .      .                                                .                                         .                           .  r-1                    .                           .                       r-i 

-GO 
"rl 

:                    ...                                                       .i-(..r-l                           .... 

%l5 
-^ 
00 
T— 1 

•  CO  »>•      •■^  <yi  CO  ^  T-(      :10C<lt>-      :0      :0O<MCqi-)00W5CO(NCOj-lrH      ;CqCO'<tl'«il       -rn       • 
.           r-H               .               .           I— 1                                                                               .                                       .               : 

CO 
OO 

•  T-l  <M      :  t-  i-H    ;  :*ft3'»6  COOO(N<M      •      •      :t^i-l<M(Mr-l(N'<*<rH«O<MCqrH(MC0'<}i00<N«OC^ 
:                       .                       .                                                       ...           rH                   I—I 

:^;aH'';L(      •  Oj  rH      •      '  r-l  tH  CM  O  'rH      f  «0      :  0-Qb'-e»yrH  CO(NrH      ;      :i-l      ;      :<N      tr-i'tJiCOr-l'^ 
•:                      .       .                         r-i              .              .'r-i                         r-i                      ..... 

1-5 

OO 

T-1 

<Nr-lT-lrH  rHi>.      t      :i-1       :(N^      ;      ;      :i-1i-100rH      ;OJCO(NCCr-l      '.r-t      ;      :C<J->*l«Or-1      ;lO 

o  o 

<  O 
ft. 

COCOOSt^OiT— ld<rsOOtOt^CO->5t1COOO(NO»r-li— l<0'<i1COCO«Ob»-^i— li— IG<l»00«0«Ot-.-^ 
OOCO^O-^i— IOi«0-«9lCOOOOO«30r-lt^'*^^COCM-«*ii— lOStOOit^OO»Oi— llOi— l-«*100CCr-1-^ 
Ot^0it-->OiOSlVG<Jt^t~t~C0O00T-l^C^C^C^«OC0|(X)O'*^-rJ<^i>^Ot-^t^C0VOO_^C00i 

rT -*"  o"  cT  irT  oT  to^  cT -rjT  (^^  ocT  of  ^-^  t-T  OO  xC  irtT  i-T  jt~r  oo"  o"  mT  oT  o -*'' oi^ 

OI0^-^C»C5i^00U^VOl:~«0C0O0i'^O0000Olt^-*«0i— (0'>200CO(M-^VOt— i>.(MCO(M 
^^rHr-(COCOrHCN»OrHCO0O-5ii          r-1          »Cioo<NCOX-i-1'«l<CN(N<Mr-1          <N-<tlCOkOCOOCO 

i-T          i-T 

•^                                .    .    . 
a 

fflpqia::)OOC.:)OPPPftWOWWWWh^hJi^SS!2;^&)2;OP^o2oQOQOQocooiXi 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


r79 


CO  Oi  t-  rH  CO  Oi  \0 
tb  C-1  05  -*  I— (  lO  OO 
CO  -it-  CO  "^  T—l  kO  -»t^ 


CO  O  lO  00  o  o  »o 

■^jl  X>-  OS  0»  ^  CO  CO 


Oi  '<1<  CO  -5j<  C^  1?^  o 

rH   '    c<i  cq  O  A(  <>l 


CR  'jjl  CO  -*  (M  <M  O 
1-1  <M  C^  O  r-<  C^ 


CO      :  CO  CO  Wti  CM  C^ 


CO    :  I— I  CO  o    :  CO 


c<i    :  oi    :-^  c^  CO 


I— <    T-H    t-»  J— I    7— i 


-*  <M  00 1-    :  CO 


i-(  rH  (M  (M  r-l 


'-il      :  <N  <M  <N      :  r-( 


r-(      :  (N  -^  CO      -CO 


CO 


CO 


OS 
CO 


00 


O      :  CO  rH  (M  (M  CO 

GO 

;    :  CO  th  lo  CO    : 

OO 
1^- 

OC  -*  i>.  -*  I—I  T-l  O 
>C)  OS  CO  Jt—  «0  O  CO 

o_ '^^  oo^  »o  ^_^  1— (^ -* 

mT  t^  r-T  mT  CD  <;o"  crT 
-^  »0  ^*<  '^  CO  oj  CO 

'^          C^  <N  CD  CO  O 

CO 

^^ 

Oo" 

J-H 
OS^ 
CO*" 

T-l 

Total  for  England  ) 
and  Wales        .  ) 

VTarwick 
Westmorland 
Wilts      . 

Worcester 
York       . 
North  Wales 
South  Wales 

u  <«  S  >- 
>_  o  CQ  a> 

t«  .-S  01  « 

'^'^  >  3 

R  £  2  c 
•~  «^  o»Si 

S'm  O  m  !^ 

<u  c  ■»-'  o  2 
^  _S  c  P  i^ 
*-S  o  =  «' 
=4-1 -S-^  bcb 

C  ''5        ir! 
-  *-"  o 

cS  V.  t2  — 

.•~  O)  ,Q  ^  ~ 
■C        P  D  C 

C  lU  o;  JS 

o  3  t;  iS   " 

4-j   C   ra   TO    Qj 

.?  CJ  a;  S; 
c  m  ii  a3 
,0)  t:^j3 
^  «  S  2  o 

.-205  2:2  2 

>      C  lA  m 
''      9-.^  > 

•O    .  «  O  oj 

3e  °—  - 

CO       c  3  >; 
"  0)  o  o  § 

^  "*   .  Si1« 

«!     (11     "«     f^J= 

w;  4)  D  ui^ 

^  <j  c3  >«  g 
*fc^  *^  e*_i  ^  rt 

o.ti  o  rt  P 

*^  O  c        <" 
c       S.P  o 

^.    S  =  rt 
'•Si -5  5  = 

w)  u  aj '-3  ?!  i 
-    fc£'£  t«  " 


<U   C   O   O 


**^    Sj    P 


01    O) 


ti-^pS 
tr„  P  o  -^ 


^o 

^^ 
few 

o 
w 

<  a  . 
r  ^'^ 

Shu 
^> 

tf ;  ■ 


^■< 

=£ 

^« 

uS 

a. '"' 

Hoau 
H 


'  C:  C>  '^  J;^ 

'*  *  -it  »  ^ 


)  c;t>r^ec  coo 
<  .^  "O  cb  «  « -^ 
****** 


tp-^  foosos  «  « -ri 


Cl  Ol  CO  M  t^  O^ 


)  05  OS  TT  CO  CO  (N  •-> 


S;   5J  "»-,  SJ 


.2  ^fc. 


5     o 


"!^?> 


>  3  a>  2  3 


35  o-a  § 

CO  s  S^ 

C  So  5 

t:  —  -^  ^ 

O   ?>   5,  v.^ 

5  ■;;  5-., 
u  K  ^  ^  O  a;  Jo  iz  J  ^  C 


ifl  ,1^  lb  lb  CO  c^  . 


05  ip  —  o>  c;  ci 

04  5^  _  _ 
******- 


UK 


-a  £S  S 

■C  C  nS  CO  « 

5  :^  'j^  "5  3  fe  •; 


^p*J>.i:.'iii;^ 

CCt«cflSaau 


OOSt^OiCiOCO        t>.C0C5  00  gjClS:  3i  03  32 

****************** 


COC:  C;'0;Oo:-^iOO'P7-'-i<COO<»C005W 
63  'b  i  CO  o  i  3~.  C;  ib  f:  <^i  c;  r--..^  >^  o  00  » 
O  »C  O  T  -^r  CO  "N  *>!  'M  'M  '>*  ^-^  -^  ^^  •"*  — * 

****************** 


s       5  ^  £  «^ 

U  .~  s  -s  s  a  ^ 


tfS 


£6 


«  C 
P-U 


*  ^ 

*  55  t? 

*  ?i  « 

J.  1) 


eo-^-'J'c^ojoiiNLogsocot^c:  C-.  ■C.'Ja 
>bir--..^c;'»'6>—iosi»or^i'---^  „  p 

CO  —         «0  (M  •— I  -"J"  tM  •*  —  —  /i!    H 


CJ  60 

—  p-oT 
w3  ^s-  ;!3 


cooiiflto-'i'inoTiCOOscoxco 
oo<boi>bc5i5'b't<it>»'— lOcocc 

************* 


c:« 


•2  ,^  o*  s  S  i's  5  » 

S      »J     .^         ■" 
log  S       ©"v  S 

r,  br  rvJ   i:    *>   2    ^ 


OJ^  C  P  2 

P  §  J  «^  S  5^  2 

^O  3  !g  °  3  g  O  ° 


S  «j  2 
"So 


60      '^ 


U 


a,  °  a3  go 

p-g  ?f  « 

cu  p  >  a> 

a!  >  «  §    " 


c    s  £•- 

i-H      i-H      CQ 


•^t>.CO  6^  C0C3  CO  t^S;   h 

CO        o  ->  —  <M  jg 


i  s 


l-s-s^i^s-s^^^lp., 

^OOo3a>jj<i'3°°3l;aJ 

^  Z  cfl  U  Q  ^  g :/}  ^  >*  00  CT.  M 


C  P  fl>  %-t 

^  3^  o 


'^    ■"=?>;•§ 

m  ^  <u  ■kj  .1- 

^,  2  5^  2  s  ■"-> 
•~  S  R.  ~  .5 
«  s  s  s  .§  g 


Tj*  CO  Ci  CO  ^^00  '^  ^Oi 

050>b^ai£5oi(NO),je 
(N  — ococococo        t:  1 


»io-*coco>fscoipO'^coeo 

A(0>beo--i-^'— itbcioci 

--  (>)  CN        CO  ^-^O^ 

*********** 


oeooi'p^7"'ri<><os'?> 
ooi--cococ;C;i.^(N 

*********** 


-.Sg 


CJ    «     ^ 

p.  <u  tj 


'  "c  sq  c>-. 


3-C   >- 
4,^   O 

UI^U 


Ot*- 

0 

3 

0 

k< 

> 

'/) 

0 

3 

*  £2 
£u 


p:c5^c_W 

S^a^8S§ 

O  ^  i-i  K  ^,      0-E3 

H  ci  "1  o  a:  o  >  o 


(OJfM— iOOt>>«r>>0'CC0C^<N--C:CiC 


riS  cs 
S>  S 

s 


UD3S 


*j  c  to  .    . 

0)   P-B 


•  p 


C  CO 

CO<M 

• 

a 

rt 

0) 

cj 

c 

^•5 

.  o 


t^;ccooi--.totOco>rtcoO'*t>-coc 
<0  r,.>0  ■*  ■*  (N  <N  O)  CS05  05  c:  cot>.i>.r>. 

§g,  ------- 


g    5 


S  2 


S 
p' 
°  3 

Seq 


.0  M  cS  0^ 


^   '  -a  £  £  <u 


0  CI 

CO 

t^;o 

I  1^ 

0_   4> 

So 

p5 

^0 

<S 

5Iap  No.  VIII.  MAP 

SHOWING     THE    NUMBER   OF 

PERSONS     COMMITTED     FOR    CARNALLY     ABUSING     GIRLS 

BETWEEN  THE  AGE  OF  TEN  AND  TWELVE  YEARS 

IN     EVERY     10,000,000     OF     THE     POPULATIONi 

IN    THE   SEVEKAL   COUNTIES   OF 


481 


ENGLAND  AND  WALES. 


*»*  The  counties  printed  black  are 
those  ill  which  the  number  committed 
for  this  ofTence  is  above  the  Average. 

The  counties  left  white  are  those  in 
which  the  number  committed  for  the 
lame  offence  is  below  the  Average. 

The  Average  has  been  calculated 
for  the  ten  years  from  l«4l  to  liiiO. 


The  Average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is  3  in  every  10,000,000  Peo])U. 
Westmoreland  {the  highest)  17  „  „ 


21 


482 


Tabli^  X. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


o 

o 
< 

W 

)— ( 

CO 


t— I 

Eh 

o 
o 


<1 


o 


EH 


S5 

EH  pq 

^  s 

f^    CO 

ft  p^ 


W 

EH 

O 

>H 

E-i 
I— I 


O 

eq 
W 
Eh 

Ct3 
O 

w 

CO 

)^ 

pq 
<! 


>-  e  C  5J  !< 

.2  0  0 

ot-i>«oi>-      oooocr)      t^oooi>.coco       t-oot^oooooco       001^0 

■*-»  J3  _C    W3 

o^otoocb       00000       ?booo?bM<?:>       "ioocboooooc^:)       0000 

S  '^tS  - 

O^COOCO          00>000>          CDOOO'OCOCO          «000«OOOOOOCO          <OOfOO 

&  .  s  2  - 

>— '    -t— <:0   I— (r-H            r_|^Hi— (1— I.— (            4-,— lr-(i— lCO*-i-           T-Hj— ll— !-}->— I-— I"— 'r- li— 'r-H            r-lrH    -J— i-H 

4—        -(—-{—•{—         4—4—*     *     *                    *      -t— *     4-                         -t-*      *            *#*#*4_         :«:#             * 

d,  a;  5; -a 

1 

^U-a^* 

1 

•a     § 

■Si  c=> 

.«'~0    EC 

^ 

■nm 
ally 

son 

;  XO  ^:J<  «0  CO  M CC  >0      •  ?0      •  -^  (M  -^  C-0  CO      '      *  »-"5 l-^  CO      ;      :  0      : 

S2^S 

>— '                          .           g^r-l                                •      •             •      • 

"gS-:^ 

0  rt  s 

?:     S 

5  " 

3  re 

;r-i(Mi— (coi— 1     •    :    •    •    tr-Hd    •i—i    jco-^i-irH'^    •    -t— 1    ;    •    •    :    :coi— 1    :    ;co    ; 

••.•.••••   ^    .    .         .    •         • 

<< 

"re^  J^ 

0^2 

:i— (C^ii— (corH 1— ic^     *i— I     •oo-<tii— irH-^ti     •     'i— 1     •     •     '     ;     'COi— 1     •     -co     ; 

•                                                              •         •         •          .          •                              11                                             f— 1         la                    •••••                              ..                   • 

'^<2>^ 

, 

0 

»H 

iO 

:;; 1—1 1— !••••; :*:;:: 

e« 

00 

0 

I— ( 

TS 

05 

C 

-* 

.    ::::::::::    •:::::  <M    :  rH  c^    ::;::;::  rH  rH_  ::  i-i    : 

e« 

00 

•    ...•• •*•••        •            •            •• 

0 

I— 1 

<M 

0 

00 
00 

c? 

•*••*•*"*••            *•        '•        •••••• 

I—I 

0> 

s 

::  oi    :::::::::•:::'-'::•  c^    :::::::::::::    : 

<u 

00 

s 

I— 1 

«o 

■«*< 

■fcc 

00 

bo 

B 

1—1 

in 

3 

10 

^ 

-«*< 

cr> 

>. 

j—i 

c« 

C 

!3 

"^ 

■^ 

::    t    :  ^^    *;:''•'::  '-I    !»—*:::  rH    ::::;::;  rH    :;::    ; 

00 

•T3 

T— 1 

0) 

CO 

■^ 

^ 

:  f-H    :  r-w    :    •    : ::  (m    :    *    •  <m    :::.:::::::•:    : 

s 

00 

s 

0 

T-1 

<J 

. 

u 

s 

3 

CO 

c 

re 

• 

0 

-^ 

H 

00 

T—l 

fi 

eocoo5t^Oii-i(r^Oiooi:oir^co-:HcococqosrHi-i<r>^coeo«ot^'<i<r-ii-i(M>ooco?oi~-^ 

a)  0        • 

0OCO>O-^i— l05«0-^C000C0?DOr— lXr^-^-^«OC<|-^T— l05C0051>-COkOi— (kOi— i-«:tiOOCOi— i-rfl 

Aver 

opul 

fro 

1041 

r-(r-ir-lr-(COCOr-(C<«^i-tO'DCO'^          t-I          lOOOC<>COi^T-i'tiiC^<MCqi-l          <N->^C0OC0«000 

Ph 

I-H                  1-1 

■^ 

C 

s 

^                                                                                   o   t;   c                ,       o 

0 

:5 -sill  si-el  gl  y  islfs  i  11^  i-g^-s-l^-s  g-illi  gi 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


483 


O  i>-  CO  CO  Jt^  o  o 

o  i)  0:1  CO  «b  cz)  o> 

Ci  CO  00  00  CO  o  o 

1—1    M<    4--*    *!-!)-( 


t:^  ^  f£>  r-< 


-    T— I    T— I    "tl    CI 


10 


I— I  r-l  ^  CI 


CO 


CO  -t<  i^  ^  1— (  r-(  O 
>-"5  Ci  CO  1^  CO  CO  C3 
'."S  ^ifi  00  O  -ffi  I— I  -h 

-^  1-^1— T-riT  co"  CO  CO 

— H  O  "*  ^*i  OD  Oi  CO 
-fi  <M  C-^  CO  CO  kO 


co"" 


=^    ■^-'    "    o    k/i  -';  ^ 

rj     3^  rzj    o     fe    *■'    3 


T3 


to  f) 

rz      O 

Wrt 


rt  -M  c 
o  «  o 


C  0)  ~*' 

Cx:  a; 

ftoS 
•c.S-r 

-  c;  1> 


tfl  C  ci 

«   5  O) 

J=  O  bo 
— T  ^ 

T  5  « 

0)   ui  -^ 

•-I   t*  ., 

sea  ri 


z,  o  ^ 

^  ?J  S 

OJ  2  c 

^  rt  o 


5^ 


QJ  — 

*;  p  £ 

£  CO 
j-i  rt  > 

£-^^^ 


(U  c  3 


p 

rAc 

rt   U5 

^ 

«  =* 

CJ 

<ii  S 

K 

ij  ^ 
Hu 

c; 

h 

Sifi 

n 

C 

^  ■« 

*n::5i 


•—  ■< 

^^ 

US" 


o    .  > 
cs-^  2  rt 

OJ    C    >    O 

S  a*  o  § 


o  E  *-•  '^ 


*  *  *  ^  * 


C5  c:  c:  c:  c  C5  R 
fj  ->!  c^  ~:  —  -^  5 
******  Q 


^  J^  CH  ^  »0  (>»  ^H 


•«J"  -1"  CO  CO  — ' 


C  O  l>- 1-^  CO  CO  ~ 

i  o  i  iscr:  CO 
c;  —  IS  w  CO  CO  < 


05  05 


oiroo 

.coo© 


V.«^  "» 


■     i^     C 

i  I)  2 


^g-^ 


^    ~.    *5    rs 


0-5;      ■  ^ 

3  O  vj     '  '^ 
j=  £  fe  U  C  <K 


3  ir"  i-  3  —  r3  a 
rt  aj  (u  -  <u  ^  ~' 


X  S  tc*  *  *  *  * 

2  tc  J.  ; — ; — ; 

S"^"^  :  :  :  :  : 


"^S'aooS'oo 


2   S-^    3rt 

£•0;=:  O  o 
o.  rt.s  M 
cs      jr  «-  S 

(U  o        o 

ii  S  ?  3  C 

»-i  y  —  •"   ? 

<U  M    g    *= 

~  *;  c  ?■  ■"  '^ 
«      «  So  £  S 

*   rt  J3  OJ  p-  o 


tr 

tij 

rr, 

— ■ 

0 

0) 

OJ 

fc 

>- 

O       ^        M 
O  E  -^  rt 


<»  >h  i  ib  ^ 


■o 


Ci  c;  o 

(>4  <>)  >^ 


cc  1^; 


C-.  c:  «o  OS  i^«>o  c.  -^  9:  '^■^~  "t"-  95 
^  ^  t-eo  i;  "h  .^  1^  c>i  «  >o  o  CO  -^  <?i      r;  10  -^ 
********************** 


^  o 

o  a 


■a 
-t-* 


6   Si 

^  rtt. 

O    s;    -  ■• 

a  S 

55< 


f-co  t>>t>.5i 


g  Z    000 

^B     .000 


©ooooosocjopopor^rt 
ocoioiiosiocooOsM 
!3000C;C::;C50C;csOOC;—  CO 


•5  ■«  =  h 


********************** 


83  !"  to  *  ^ 

a>  j2  OJ  >,.^ 

.  ^5  aj  y  a^  "S: 

v2  P  o  t;  s 


^^•o 


C^^i 


3  3 


:  rt.fi£ 
■  p^  p 


■_    '"P  £  3 


,-c  :'«-'H-c§§  :■££ 

'  Cm    ^^    C  ♦->  ■•->    C    —    r>  pC 

.  53  O  ,j  Ci  4-1  t-  P 


'  rt-3   3  X   C   O  C 


;Si 


<u    -'/ire, 

i:  i-t:  p  i;  c  3 

-     "    0)    3    "   3   ^ 


:  :  o  '  • 

•  M  o.  :  : 

•  01  p     •  • 
P  X 


"5-2  Ei:  ^r;  3  £ 

'  --  0)  3  o  cc  o  •-  "= 


H 

o 

O 


Eh 


^     .-3  S 

^•3  3  n 


<u  .2  u 

-*  3  rt  o  =i  o^S 


a>  >,^P  '*'« 
X  -  >• «  «  o  ej 

■""3  —  ..  a>  ,,  i« 

Bj*"  ^ x:     tj  t« 

a^^^'l  -  3 
rt  !;1  tctc^  B  S 
Ci5.£Pg&^ 


££ 
^   3 


t^oi->.cocot-»rcccr-. 


5i  « 


p  ©cop  CO  o 

^  i^  n  i: 


oc©©i^©c© 


?:?9 

<a  o  © 

d;  .°  •§  3  2 

'^^  ^  ******************  * 


■^  CO  Pt  T^  r^-^  Ci  c;  >c 
C:  C  "C  --r  c~.  t^  (j)  il  ^ 


;p>ccps5-«i'si>flp 
s  i  CO  >b  is  3".  j^Os  "h 

**    ****** 


ipip  — cpoSCOdS: 
«f;(>j/-..^cso(>i 

(NrMCN  —  —  -1 
********* 


;^^V--=; 


*   ^  ^ 
-•o'^ 


O       3 


(2,  •»  R  a.  S 


u     .  :::•   \^ 


T3    . 
rt  C 


p  <u  c  •/■. 

rt  -^  3  o 
£  '«  3  y 

^'•-s|5-|iJ||3S2cg|-^|| 


w  c  OJ  a>    ■ 


^it£j 

5^  ^  rt  rt 
■~   5J  «£> 

~  s  ^  o  o 


'nj:^»P'S  ^3  rttS 
8^  3  £^  °  Ji^ 
.£  c  3  ^  <u  i^  5  lu 


:  :  :.=>  :  :  :  :  • 

•  :  •  £  :  •  :_:  = 

3:Pc/:;2;>-c/;'Xa;0 


w  J.  p  c;  K  ■/, 

r^ffi>Wp 

HcKCPC) 


CO  CO  CO  CO  e^  -^ 


■-3      -S       p  >- 

-  <fii  o  S2  j;  o  >.g       !S-5; 
4ji-3'f;;<^-^'"'^:i<"'Po"' 
253-0-3  Se  £ti  Ssi^^o;^ 


♦-^  rt 
Ji-rt^ 


;*>^  rt 


Map  No.  IX. 


485 


MAP 


SHOWINa    THE   NUMBER  OP 


PERSONS    COMMITTED    FOR    KEEPING    DISORDERLY    HOUSES 
IN    EVERY    10,000,000    OF    THE    POPULATION, 


IN   THE  SEVERAL   COUNTIES   OP 


ENGLAND  AND  WALES,' 

*♦*  The  counties  printed  black  are 
those  in  which  the  number  of  persons 
committed  for  keeping  disorderly 
houses  is  above  the  Average. 

The  counties  left  white  are  those  in 
which  the  number  of  persons  com- 
mitted for  keeping  disorderly  houses 
is  below  the  Average. 

The  Average  is  calculated  for  10 
years. 

The  counties  having  no  number  af- 
fixed to  them  are  those  in  which  there 
have  been  no  committals  for  the  above 
offence  during  the  last  10 
years. 


L 


The  Average  for  England  and  Wales  is  79  in  every  10,000,000  of  the  Population, 
"  Middlesex  {the  highest)  is  296  „ 


486 


Table  XL 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


EH 

52; 

O 
O 


EH 


W2  M 

«  O 
«S 
^a 

wS 
po 

Q  M 
EH<1 

^< 

^^ 

pqCtJ 


P.B! 

c  i  * 

5^0  = 

0  >  0  ^ 

oooocNr-^ocoo>Mc-ocq-«flco>-^<^-<*^t-oo^>.^»<^^MT-l050ooo-*M<ursco<^^o><uD 

■^2^01       '  <^'-^0(^^looou::)05(^:)eo-^o<^>oo505,^o^^-cco(^^-^co^^o<^^OM<0(^o656>c^ 

0  rtt  0   - 

■O-^Oi-^-t-COC^OOtD'OcOOSO^CMOrHOCOaJi— (l^lOOOi— (C000001^-<»<iO<»C5»0  00 

n,     S  §  •« 

>— (*l— 1*               Tf-l:******       4_*      **r-l**CS**4-*.— 1*1— I**-;;**** 

Pro 
Cent 
bfclo 
t  del 
* 

*         *                                                                              HH            4-                       *         * 

•3  4)o      0 

;0      :C<>C00}0S000>0iC<J«005(M"*O^C0C0O'^t-Ot^C0      'C-l       •!— lOdOlCOOOOi 

O^'S^^  3 

.->*       .CSOOOO         C<J(MiO         »00(Mi--.         00i-(CC>OSC0i-(00>O      Ii-l       .C^J'^COC^I         CO 

''rto-og- 

1-1                                               rH                      i-t               <M 

ic        f^^ 

^  a 

C3 

2  to 

2  s 

.Oi       .'*COOO»^C<ICOU^C?J(>;-*0-*'«*<CO-*COO»0^-^0010       ,01       .VOOOOIl^i— I'i^CO 

II 

:              :COcbAHAli-tCq,ll                         -*C<lr-i                  T^r^:              :r-li-(r-»01 

CO                kO 

C3  —i  2 

:      ;Ci^COOOr-(C<?<Ol005<M'*0^'^CO-^CO«OkO«0-<*<COU-5      'd      ;kO00C<lt-rH'*CO 

0        « 

.      .                COCOi— (          1— 1         rH          <MrH                       -"il          C^r— 1                i— (r-l.             •         rli—li-l         C^ 

°  Vc   <U 

CO                VO 

0 
0 

:    :    ;    :co<M    •    -rHi— i-*    •    •    •    -r-t    •  ^    •    •  t-~    't-hi— ico    •    •    •    -I— (ccfMi— '    :    : 

QO 

•       .       .       .                      .       .                 I— 1....              .              ..<M.                 r-i       .       .       .       .                                   .. 

1—1 

OJ 

-<*< 

:    :    :    :c<j^    ;    :i-i    ;    ;    -r-t    •    -i-i    "(Mr-icoci    'T-ir-i    •    •    :    •    :  r-t    :»o    ;    ;    ; 

00 

•    •     •     •              .     •         •     •     .         •    •         .  '"^           t^    •              •         ... 

T— 1 

to 

c» 

:    :    :    irH';**    ;    I'-iHrH    •    :    -cm    •    •    'ci    't-fM    •    •  r-i    :    :    •    :    :    :    :"*<    :    :    : 

0 

00 

•      •      •      •                    •       •                    ...             ...  CO      .         -<*i      .      .             

r-1 

>4 

:    :    :    :i-i»oc<j    :-«^    -c^    •  r-t  r-i    •    •    •-*    -r-it-icq    •    -r-t    •    •    •    :    :i-irH    :    :    : 

0 

00 
I— t 

•    •    .    .                .        .        .            .    :    :  rH    .      10        ... 

>-l 

to 

«D 

.3 

00 
I— ( 

0 

. 

■^ 

::::<Mci::::::c<j"<*::  ^::t^r-t    ::::::    :c<jcqc<):c^: 

01 

CO 
I— 1 

•    .    .    •            :        :        .    .  (M    .    .  CO        .::::.. 

s 

.  1 

s 

0 
u 

0 

.0 

^        :  r-i    :    :"<*<F-i    ;c<j    :    :    ;    :u^ci    :c<j    -t-   :(M'*c-^<m    •    :    :    :    trHiOrn    ;    :co    : 

00                       ••                 ..5^.1-1                  .. 

r-l                                                                                                                                                          >— ' 

g 

CO 

:    :   :   :cot--rH    :i-i    ;   :   -i-icm    :    •   to    -(Mi-h    :   -(m    :   :   •    -i-ir-i    :   •   •ijSi-* 

;^ 

00 
1-4 

.        .        .        .                                                      .        .        .                           .         .        .Tj<.            CO..                 ....                          ...I-H 

:■<*<    :    :<Mcor-i    :co    :cocqoi    :    ;    -r-fio    :cot-    •    :o    :    :t-i    :rH    :    :o^   :■-(    : 

00 

.       .r-l                      .              .                             ...IC5.0..              ••              .              •• 

1 

I— ( 

.  1 

^        :  "*    :    :  -*  "^  t-^    :  (m  co    :    :  o  co    :    :    :  »o    •  i-h  «o    ;    ;  oo    ;    ;    ;    :  c-i  i^   :  i-h    :    •  c^ 

QQ                        •                        •.                                                  .                                     ..                                     ...0O«CO..                        ....                                    .                        ,. 

r-t 

c               (^5oooit^05rH(^^cftooco^^-co-*(^^oo(^^osr-^rHO'*<^oco«o^^'^I-^I-l(^^koolr><£>t^'+^ 

(UO       ^5            (X)0»0-*r-HOiCO-^COCOCO?DOi— lt^-<*-<*«OC<I'<Jii— (Oi^OOilr^OOVOF— lUri,— IM^COCOi— (-^ 

Wr:;  go            O^l^^Oi^t--  Oi^01^t-^(>T^t-^i-  t^CC  U5^CO^i-H^05^(>J^C^T^«0  C^l^                                                                                         CO  Ci^Ci 

>?iS            (NOS->*OOOi^OO>OlOi^«OC0005<X500000C<>t^'>^?Or-(OOOOOCO(M-!*<lOi^t—  ClCOCl 

CU                                                                                                                                rl               I— 1 

1               1 

1    ./ 

TS 

M         1 = 

H       ! 

"^                                                                                                  0    rr    2                            c 

COUN 

ii|ii  Ill-ill  g  iiii  c  1.111  iiiiii  o4iii  ri 

1 

1 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


487  ' 


O  ^^-  (N  C-J  i^ 

t^  o 

1 

1^ 

o 

00  -^ 

CO 

CO 

o 

kO 

u-:i 

lO  '"^ 

CO 

Ci 

o 

* 

f: 

f     4- 

* 

* 

-H 

« 

-rH 

Ci  CO  '-D 

o 

o 

Ci 

C-S  rj  CO  o 

lO 

t^ 

i-i 

lO  C-1  00  ?o 

U-5 

M 

»o 

T— 1 

c<>  oo 

' 

CO 

CO 

J— t 

>0  O;  00  CO  »o  <M 

. 

lO 

»— 1 

c<« 

00 

* 

CO 

CO 
1— i 

; 

o  cr^ 

--0 

*• 

'  1 

CO 

as 

: 

: 

:  <M 

"* 

: 

OO 

• 

:m 

r-H   r-1 

»>• 

O 

I— 1 

•«lt 

: 

:  ^ 

^ 

: 

OS 
05 

CI 

: 

rH  CI 

CO 

: 

oo 

: 

:    : 

'•O 

l-H 

: 

CO 
00 

r-H 

: 

:    : 

I— 1 
I— t 

tH 

If- 

oo 

1— t 

. 

. 

•    7—1 

I— ' 

. 

»o 

' 

.    T-t 

(^^ 

* 

I— 1 

o 

''' 

rH  O-i 

'>Z 

: 

CO 
CO 

CM 

: 

;  I— 1 

: 

198 

CO 

-* 

Ir^  ^ 

r-< 

I— 1 

o 

CO 

>o 

as 

CO  t^ 

iO 

CO 

oo 

)0 

^o 

-^ 

cc  »o 

"* 

r-H 

^ 

■«*l 

-* 

r^ 

T— (     M< 

CD 

CO 

CO 

oo 

'^ 

».i 

--hi  --t< 

00 

Oi 

CO 

I— I 

~i^ 

CM  (M 

CO 

kO 

co" 

T— ( 

'Ti       • 

C 

^ 

, 

.      , 

, 

^ 

, 

c3 

'rt 

m 

be  en 

c 

!U 

0) 

c    O 

rt 

t-i 

rt 

rt 

f^^- 

o 

s 

rt 

u 

rz;    o 

o   o 

3 

+^  a 

^ 

^ 

^P= 

o 

H 

J 

w 
o 

aJ 
o 
en 


o«J 

01  o 


01  ^ 


0>   4^ 

'  >  o 
,<9, 


c ""  •=  •£ 
^  o'"u 


OCV— lO 


t>.ic  Ti<Ti<!0  5oc-<csrt  t^t>.t-«cc  CO  c;  t>.!o  ecT- 


-r  03-^  o 


^§    oo  o  0050-.  coco  Jo  c»  ccr^.'O'^'':  o  T  «  c^cs 


*******-K-^«-**-St-X-****-X-** 


■     1    <u 


-,  Lei  ID  ^ 

■^  K   4-^  -^  "^  i-i  n  ij 


p3 


5-.G 


oS 


S5  > 


1"^ 


g03£^0aiS0X-S-^(l.>rt--«'g0 


II 


rt  .'42   O) 

4J   o  rt  yj 


..i         C 


oi-s 


<  != 


O) 


cS 


o' 

, 

>>o 

;z; 

<4-l 

o 

o 

(1) 

3 
C 

X 

c 

Q 

H 1 — 1- 

?S5 

5  3  O 


I1^ 

^  i  ^  s^' 

^'a^  «j  5  a3 

6         >-53: 


5  rO 


so 


^■^ 
<»  o 


**-X-***^-5t*-*** 


3   U   O 


S   3 

a* 


■^°^ 
CJ  Si  e 

O  £  Sb 
.S  3  0» 

Qc5 
K"t:  * 

CJ       S 
^  CJ  s 
e  '^ 
coo 

c  S  » 

if  SI 

X    &-CJ 
O  O   °Cu 

*->X    O   K 

^^  e  "^ 
CS  B  -e  ti 

"■     o  *j  aj 
Jt  ^  rf-  (1/ 

Em  ^ 


£i         > 


S.VS5  »r5lhlO>0»O^^C7«COCOCOCO(MC^(M(NOJC^r^-<  — 


CdO 


x^  ra  17. 
•- '/)  ^ 


Hr  t«  '-^  K,  >J 

cgOQfc  I 
rt  ►^  o 

H I  p  H  5 


ffi^:! 


qj    O)    -* 

3  pti 
^  5  o 

CO)? 


•c! 

^^u)Oi<d'SBSwj*5 
3  5  H  3  >^  5  O  03—  3 


>  I-  o  >-i       -^  V  -^ 


o)  o  <»-  ^  O.  a> 


£  :iJ 


:£  i  <«  c 


^.^^ 


^j:fcti£O.Ci5^=g'e^  =  ';fc-_„ 


^^^S^^^:^OQ^:r5c^,2o^c^Qwi^^:S«^Ci:)^ 


<o  CO  ^  CO  '^^  ^^  CO 


CJ  i  >  oj.O 
xl  o  c  w  a; 

■3  c  t:  o  in 


2u 


3  : 


Map  No.  X. 


489 


MAP 

SHOWING    THE   KUMBEU    OP    CASES    OF 


CONCEALING      THE      BIRTHS      OF      INFANTS 

IN    EVERY    10,000    ILLEGITIMATE    BIRTHS, 

IN    EACn    COUNTY   OF 

ENGLAND  &  WALES 


*^i*  The  counties  printed  black 
are  those  in  which  the  number  of 
caies  is  above  the  Average. 

The  counties  left  white  are  those 
in  which  the  number  of  cases  is 
below  the  Average. 

The  Average  is  taken  for  the  last 
ten  years. 


\)  .  ;   .  :  .^^^      s^      "-^ 


Lhv2s  Ifi- 


■SUys^^}^^ 


The  Average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is  17  t/i  everu  10,000  illegitimate  births. 

„  „       Surrey  {the  highest)  39         „  „ 

.,  „       Huntingdon,  and,  Rutland  {the  lotvest)    0  „  „ 


400 


Table  XII. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


H 

w 

H 

O 

Eri 

P 

P^ 

< 

C5 

a 

P^ 

w 

H 

>-4 

P» 

r/3 

W 

^ 

<i1 

P- 

r^ 

Q 

1^ 

<1 

Q 

:>2 

12; 

iH 

< 

ki 

v^< 

cb 

Sh 

^2; 

^ 

M 

»— ( 

o 

o 

V— ^ 

r-l 

H 

-yJ 

'^, 

1— ( 

tJ 

?1^ 

O 

o 

&q 

o 

pq 


CSO'^^CO^COOOOO 


5-,  >_j  I,.  -T^  -^  w  w^  -_.  ^  w  --.  o  o  t;h  <»  <»  7^  9>  00  »p  oo  «p  -*  p  «p  ^s  t:- 

t-  lO  C^  O  1-  CO  O  CO  lO  CM  O  CM  '^  r-l  «0  --H  1~  r-l  CM  lO  1-  CO  O  r-l  r-i  rH 


COOIOI. i'OOOCMOOC5COtOCO«DI'5 

(Mr-(i-lkOo;>    i-lC^G^CMC^CMC^r-l 


vo  »o  cq 

VO 

o 

r-H 

r— ( 

OS 

Ci 

P_, 

CO 

M 

'rt< 

t~ 

(M 

fM 

-* 

Ol 

o 

H- 

■^ 

-)- 

i-i 

+- 

*: 

-1 — 

+- 

4- 

■  (M  O  05  OO  »0  O  VO  (M  t—  »0  CO 
;  C<J    I— I  C^  (M  CO  r-l  o< 


^  05  t-  t—  CM  05  -^ 

i-H  I— 1  CO  >— '  CI  CO  c^^ 


CO  «0  CO  ^o 
I— t  (M  r—l  C^ 


EH 


o 


(MOCOt^«OOiOCOCOOC5^<Ml>.'0   :C<IOr-ICO'*OOr^pip'^ 


r^rH(>lClC^cbr-tr-l       i- 


(MOC0  1>-CO<r)lOOOCOOCS«0(Ml-^0      JfMOi— ICOfiCOi—lOO-* 
r-l  r-ipH  CMr-lr-ti-t(M  .(MkOr-lC^iO  C^ 


O  7-1  I— I  '^  CO  rH 


(M  CO  rH  ->*  -^ 


OS  O  CO  CO  O  >o  «o 


oi  c^  <^^  c<j  (?^  CO 


0-5  lO  Ol  T-H  '-0  Cti  CO 


c<j  CI  c:^ 


CO    'rHi-irHF-ic^    ;    ;cM    :    ;    :o<M<M»o    :c<i    :tH    :    : 


^  CO  ■>!  C-;  r-i  -*  i-l  '<*<       :  r-1  CI 


c<»<Mr-(    ;»ooiF-i:io«o    :    :t^    :co 


rH       ••«^C^COC<Ji— •r-'       :r-lrH 


rH  rH       •       •  CO  CI  ^  r-l  -^H  r-(  .-I       ;  r-Ht--      :  r-l  CO       ;  O  CO       ;       :  r-l       •.  <M  C-l  O  01  CI  '^  O       \       :  .  ^  CO 


rH       :  C^  rH  0<l  C^       *.  rH       ;       ;  CO  !>•  rH  01   O  C<1  rH  C^l 


,-^o\    \'>^    \Q^.^    :    :    :  t-  o  ^    :    :    :  ^  ^o    :  t-  i-    ;  co  c-i  cm    :    :    :  c<«  rH  co  -o  o  xo  c<j  rn    \^^ 


T-{       :01C^1       :       :CC       tOlrHrH       :       :       :Cq-*C<lrHOCSlrHrH       :       :       :       :C-5rHOrHClCOrHrHrHrHCO 


•  ^   rH  -rtl   -"^ 


C^l  '■^  CI  rH  Ol  rH 


CO  00  rHC^CO-^CSrH 


O  0) 


OrH10COCO-+<OiCDCCC-7-*<rHOC-^COCOC/5ClCOppC»;2<«0»OCO«OOOb-COrHgM 
r?^rc>,-^01^<^COAO»O^H^+l(MCMC»l:^COOC5l^COC<^<OCO^-rHC0005->4^-^'^0•^00 
??^M^rH".  ^cSSowSoOl^ClCO  OOUrSOO-.C^OO^OOOCO  COOOi^COCOOOOOi-llOO 


'Td 


to    •  ^ 


O     <U    Cl     ctf 

PQHPPO 


C 

• 

,     , 

rt 

»H 

rl 

^ 

a> 

,o 

en 

ID 

C! 

s 

^ 

o 

3 

ooo 

^ 

Ti    rH 

a> 

>^  S 

■•-> 

y 

OT 

t4 

in 

o 

;-4    :-■ 

c 
-1 

Oi     4)     O     3     in 


« 

^ 

"S^  •   • 

d 

§^ 

rt    3 

'TIS 

0) 
in 

s  s 

nj    o 

l-S-^ 

o 
o 

^<2 
5  S 

O     O 

3 

outh 
taffo 
uffol 

>^  « 


c 


u   to   rt   4)  rs   o 


pft  PPfxlOK 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


401 


•^  -•:  -JO 

1 

'Ci      l-J     T-l 

->!    CO  T-4 

*     *     * 

(N   ^   O 

1- 

r— 1  I— 1  r— t 

r-4 

a  cn  Oi 

O 

■^           l-H 

lO 

«o 

a  (Ti  Oi 

o 

•^           r— 1 

lO 

<x> 

»0  r-i  -rH 

CO 

CO 

I-  CJ  CO 

^-^ 

i.^ 

lO  rH        • 

o 

CO 

O       •  (M 

o 

t—t 

;o 

•^   r-(  G<J 

CO 

t^ 

■«*     :  (M 

CO 

lO 

CO   CI  rH 

b- 

OO 

lO  <M   C^ 

CO 

CO 

Ci        •   T-l 

05 

* 

-* 

CO    :  <M 

r-H 

* 

O 

^'i  t^  CO 

o 

o  ^  o 

T-H 

■-I  00   00 

-<* 

'<!t<          r-t 

t- 

CO 

nd      • 

fl 

•             «             • 

ni 

tci  w) 

O      o 

rt  "^ 

P^IS 

•^^ 

5^^ 

.>  -==  ^ 

--  '^ 

o   o    § 

E^ 

OS 

PiS 
O 


CQ 


>si  ^-^  ^  Oi  Ci  f>x  a>  -^  'ff  ^  !^.  ■*n>.oi  -^  t^  p     C". 


>  c 
01.:: 


'  •  ^,  ii  p>  rf"  io  Oi  i^o:  ^  &i  c-.  n 

*********** 


OC203C0  -r 

TT  ~  "^  -^    '        <>» 


.  MS 


•5«>^o 


"    ;j    J.  -O 


CI.  •■r; 

5  rt  o 

^  ^  =  n  £  > 


^  to  S 

■•"  bl2  fc*  5 


ait: 
";s  !£  >-  — 

a,  uja  o 

}-•      U     fT*      ^ 

•    •    •£  a3  g  aj 
o      a)  c-S  « 

2  j2  >  oj «  ,; 

o  O  §  j=  ^'-.  i; 


o  ..- 

ot;  _ 


,0  oi 


:  -2  c  '^ ! 


!      O 


12;  03 


o  3  ca  3  o  O  oj  a> 


Cfi  O  c«  2  73  H 


55  : 

3  W-.3 


>"2 


"a 


ip  -T"  O   . 

,*  *  *  * 


C5  tso- 


>>2 
*  c.ti 

—  W3 


•5^ 


OO  o 

o  b 

*  * 


r-    «    S 
■*    ^    S 


«  5  w 


■-  fco"^ 


S  >< 


«.^  ,  1-1 

a3  3  a3rj=  rt^Zr.t! 

m  c«  ^-1  ;>  H       ;:;  CQ 


^v. 


i=^3 


-bj33 

•EZ 


u 


o 


o   -  b 


«  I-  o 


v  3 

t£  3 

aj£  O 
o.^  >  o 

t-  ?■==      o 
C  >3  p  4)^ 

^^^^  * 


a) 


U4  a  >^ 

■^  S!  o 

S  > 


►i  aj 
—  SJ= 

2(S 


fa  O  fa 
O  h  o 


Off 

cd  £ 
w  3 


H  f:  ^ 

ITi  ^  iC 

W  ►J  H 

br  S  '-' 

'-'  u  12: 

.  o 

o  S"" 

H  re  a: 

^  H  h 


CQ  M 

D  W 

Eh  :?:    . 

>,  fa  s 

■^  fa  H 


t>.tN.i--5  >OT»'Ttcoco<N05>-'  oc;  c;r>.ts  'O  M  o  o 


it  u 


St  c 


■CQ 


O  cd 


c« 


!2:  ^  M 

O  H  H 

■'  Di  <1 

O  S 

fa  '-' 

°^ 

fa  O 


u55;2;c^uc«ac^«><;2::B3K;o2ffl;2;oKci 

o;  r^o  oc;c5coa5t3to^>'i'f5'fWO)'N(N(Mc:c:co 
c3C^c^c^(?^(^^o^<^^(^^<>^(^^csl^^c•^!^^(^^C^!>^<^^^-^^-ll-l 


J    2 . 
o    s 

O     O 


O 

P.    5 
E==  3 

^-    5    "!    O 
1-1  -H  3  c 

I-  3  i-  ?: 

3  O  C 


1^^ 


30Cji^aj.2.3l^a)^-'-°33Saj03'SoC 


51 AP  No.  XI. 


49: 


MAP 

SHOWING    THE   NUMBER   OF    PROVED   CASKS   OP 


ATTEMPTING    TO    PROCURE    THE    MISCARRIAGE     OF    WOMEN 
IN    EVERY    10,000    ILLEGITIMATE    BIRTHS, 

IN   THE   SEVERAL   COUNTIES   OF 

ENGLAND  AND  WALES. 


»»*  The  counties  printed  black 
are  those  in  wliich  the  cases  are 
a6oi'e  the  Average. 

The  counties  left  white  are  those 
in  which  the  number  of  cases  is 
below  the  Average. 

The  Average  is  calculated  for  ten 
years. 


The  Average  for  England  and  Wales  is  1  in  every  10,000  illegitimate  lirths. 
„  „       Sxissex  {t/ie  highest)         6       „  „  >f 


491: 


Tabi.k  XIII. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


w 


o 

E-i 
< 


o 


12; 

^ 

< 

fx< 

>A 

O 

C»5 

:;^ 

w 

H 

e> 

*«i 

U4 

t—i 

o 

p^ 

P5 

CO 

H 

t3 

S 

o 

W 

o 

w 

Eh 

H 

"^ 

w 

W 

P^ 

p:? 

D 

W 

r-) 

(K 

o 

P^ 

rt 

« 

fin 

W 

O 

W 

fcri 

E-i 

rn 

H 

Vu. 

Ph 

O 

S 

tH 

W 

Fh 

H 

(—4 

H 

I-:; 

-< 

-< 

^ 

1— 1 

a 

t— t 

rt 

o 

Ci5 

a 

H 

e? 

^ 

o 

a 

PP 
< 


Ti 

^ 

« 

b 

o 

c 

01  <; 

re 

C 

CJ 

t-l 

C3 

•s 

0) 

C 

C 

c 

O 

3 

' 

^ 

:u-n 

U^ 

-^ 

•X- 

*  ^*  *  4-V-*  4^-H-1t  *  -Jr 


ospo 

i  o  i  o 


c-p 


90 


~io    ;  i  o  i  b  i;  o 


'  ^■-*  ^  *  *  * 


PPP99P   ;99 


■5>.||  .^ 

J:  O)  i>33 


•  -bo 


—   O        •    C    L-    -H  'T 


• «  -<    •  tc  •^ 


■ '-'    ■    ■  ec  <M    ■  'M  c^ 


'-H    ■— <    !    '-^c^— '"M    "-jr-,  — 'r; oi-^    '-^rs    '    •    •;o    •■-1 


•  -H     •     •  0»  (M 


•  -.  ro  r-i  01    •  ^  T!f-<  rs 


M  -.     •  T  C<5     •     •      ■  O     •  --1 


C   1, 

rt  Z  _2  .c 
■<  rt  <^® 


c^  ;c  ^^  '^1  t^  '•'^  ^■- 
co  •^  rt  -"J*  —  o  iz 


'  K  =5  »  0  r;  o  =  r-. 


c  r>.«  — .  If;  r;  -M  '^  "  vr 


~  ~  i).  o>i  '^1  CO  i^  0^  c~.  c;  r—cc  01  c>  "o  t»—  ^  o  c;  -"t  -p  -r  ~  -•  ^  o  —  r^  "O  ~  i"-'";  -r  _ 
•^  s;  ?;  »  -c  iX*i  c<5      c.  '-ri  >o  x  c-i  o-i  crt  ;c  cc  rt      cr  c:  t^rt  co  =:  a;  » '^  •■■:  w  —  w  rt 


• 

•   '  tfl  ' 

^^ 

13 

1^ 

a 

rks 
cks 
mbr 
este 

5; 

»^ 

^ 

0) 

0>  3  f9^ 

0 

csascQuuu 

1*  -^  r- 

%j^  9 

U    tH  »^ 

3  01  o> 


u  >-.  <" 

o  3  ;2 


■s'H'H 


-  03      c  p^     _ 


5KKEW^^iJ<=^S;2;^!2;;z;dcic«xc«cHx':«J-j;? 


01  ■-  o 


01   O) 

•'rt'rt 


1^  ^  ^ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


495 


o 

<% 

cicu 
<o 

—  75 

HQ 

£:^ 


-I  Pi 

^  c   i>   -'^ 

HI  E  5  <^ 


In  No. 

of 
Illegiti- 
mate 
Births. 

C  "h  -0  05 
-H  <M  -^  Ol 
*   *   *  * 

c 

* 

In  No. 

of  At- 
tempts 
at    Mis- 
carriage 

OOOO 
-T  c:  CO  CO 

O 

o 

1 

c*   "*^  •«  ^    O    :^    r"! 

g  ^  -5  ^  Z  Q  ^  ^  ^ 


.^3E 


!J§H 


uH 


-  "*  -i:  "^ 

o  £  o 
S  >  C  eo 


r>.3-.  fj  -b  -^  !b  r^i  is  ib  «b 
■<i<  oj      —  — c  ..o      o) 


J  p  o  o  o  c 
tc3j.oooioo 
jo  eg  eoococ; 


5  O  O  O  CO  CO  CM    I      I     I      i 


•~-2  ^Da 

•~  e  §  S 

i'-~'-"  o  3  =  a^  >< 

o  DaoaclO 


a^ 


^  o  OS  <^  £  °  — 

J  Z  CTj  £/:•  Z  c/j  >  c-i 


>  o  > 

'      o 


—   S'"  <U  rt 

9  rt  o  rt  E  -^ 

- mS1=^ 

•PS      <=o 
.22  E***  >.-^ 

~  '^  ^  o  P  5 


E    <"^ 

SI    r:*    e  ; 


>p  3;  »  so  C5  -^  1 
.^r^io  ->!  o  t^i 

—  CO  CO  (N  ' 


o  ^  *^ .-  tc     o 


oooo  o  o 

=000000 


■T  CO  O)  C-t  CN  — 


Si^. 


•S  s  o 


"C  •«  ^  5 


^  cS  tn 
^'       ^ 

S     ^^     S  7 

£0t«    >-  4).S    2 

I      •   U.'£,  ^    ?7— 


§55 


i.'5ip-^-*C0-^»'^O';1"P>pff0'.'5>;'J 

An.^ooxci-otb-io-^'^o.^-^ 

.-.  —  CN  —  (N  — ■        —CO        -T 


5.25^*******^**^**** 


a,  c>.  15 


o;:; 


»>    B-    S    'S  J! 


17,   ^  ^  >-»2 


IZU 


O)    01 


2  2     o  2  rt=  o2 


<U  O^r  c 


l-SSO' 


^  --  s  P  : 

•S  «  i  -s;  "sc 

•Sf  a.  o>  S  '^  "  rt    - 

1^-2  43   §   o   3   ES 

O  UQOW 


zs 

JO  O 


d-i2.22  to 

t-H  o  *i-  •*-*  ^ 
"  *^  rt  o 


6  = 


oppp  I  looopppp  to 

0000  opooopo      o 

00001  |coo— ooo|o 


'cjIS 


C3 


-•X- 


'pj;>.C5!pe093ppp7<--iM>pi;O2C. 

oi>.io-^-*««eoi^i>»>oo;c;.— ■ 

04  —  l^l->.'.C;O«'5>O>O-«t"-»tC0<MOJ'-i 


,    55   5   «   60   2 


|-S  ^  R. 


is 


^grx£t;s-ix££:|s|„:^s<; 
■rt:^cs25y^£«:gfc-£cfgp^ 


O   IUX3 


toO  Eo 
di  i-i 

CO  cJ  g 
•t-tk<  to  "^  to 
•  53.2®  tl 

3j=  c.;2.r! 

Of-i  — 5!  i^ 
oi  -J  — 


SS 


cop: 

o  o  o< 
000: 

CO  "M  CO  I 


goE 


S  S     w-^ -o 


■X-  *  *  *  * 


;  to  ? 

^     •^•2  c 


iptp 


'^  — J= 


o^QCoo).- „ 


.  '''^— 

■3  •  S-5 

*1  *"  >  ? 

<22-^^ 


S    .  a; 

rt   U)   3 


^.2-5 


*>-'  ^  .si 


>ppo 
:  000 
>00  O 


*  -x-  *  -x-  *  -x- 


poo  I  po  p 

o  o<=>     000 

O  •><  CO 


o  o  -^f-x ! 


: -1  fN  M -^  p  eo  » 


■x  *  *  *  *  * 


05 


■fJ  «    o   » 

S  «  3 

a  »  55  33 

e  S  ?  B  c 

t^  ^    ^  "^  lO 


.1% 

dj  r  > 


2  :g:iJ-2-E 

S«52'^4)<u2f 


a»  m  o 


'  S  »- 


•5  'S'  >-  ^itra 

>«  -2  C3  C  e 

^^  CS  o  V  3 

■•*»  "-.J  00  q^    TO 


-a 

E^ 
--=-21 
c<S:s  ;i  E 

S033ZO 


Cd^anK>.QZ« 


h^  HH  |J«  <-• 
*U  "^  ^ 


2oSZ;j 


W>' 


BiW 


2      .      ,-rHr™rHr^rHO< 


>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOO 


O  t«  ° 


.03 

o.q' 


a>  s 

bO(« 


aj  E 


.E  o 


jjSe-c 


c«> 


C3  O  ts 
.0  05 


•c  ■■ 


5  3 

mP5c 


SS 


.. ..  „  o  3 

c«Zi-imq50CjQQ 


..„.      „C2<«D.a)-c:a)i:!« 
^aj3Sox3-§g5a^- 


^io-<t<Tti-<i«'tcococoin 

:  s  :  :  :  : 

:2  :s  :  : 

;  o  o  o»r  OJ3  01  «>  3 

3;2;qz^u;jQ3:cq 


u 


497 


Map  No.  XII. 

MAP 

SHOWIKO  THE   NUMBER  OP   PERSONS  COMMITTED   FOR 

ASSAULTS,    WITH    INTENT    TO    RAVISH    AND    CARNALLY    ABUSE, 

IN  EVERY  1,000,000  OF  THE  POPULATION, 
IN   THE   SEVERAL   COUNTIES   OF 

.-?=:=.  ENGLAND  &  WALES. 


***  The  counties  printed  black 
are  those  in  which  the  number  com- 
mitted for  this  offence  is  above  the 
Average. 

The  counties  left  white  are  those 
in  which  the  number  committed  for 
the  same  offence  is  below  the  Ave- 
rafi;e. 

The  Average  has  been  calculated 
for  the  ten  years,  from  1341  to  1^50. 


Tke  Average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is  83  in  every  1,000,000  people. 

,y  „       Worcester  {the  highest)  139         „  „ 

n  „      South  Wales  {the  lowest)  33  „  „ 


2  K 


H  ^^ 

S  5  -^3  «s^ 
$  H  U 

"^  5  n  ^ 

H  :g  5  Q 

1-1   1-1   <  17    Sm  _ 

Hoi  ^^  «  tf  S 
t3    .  ^  a  ^;  fe  8 

O  tf  o  "^  >        o 
"^  WH  >  5  D  ^ 

S  H  O  Pi  S  H  ci 

tH  fe  -sJ  2  en  5  > 

f^  o  J  H  <;  S  a 


lii    ,X20'0<"-Q  Si  ^  S  el's  O  S  ;:r£  ti  bill's  Titi'S 
.  — ^  /s.\  ro  ^^  i-^  r'*  "^ 


«2222§oSSoSo|S®5^^«^ 


S  o  1 1-C-.  o  M  2S  ;:^  c^  2; -■  ^^  ^  ^  ^ST     ^  ?  S?  213121* 


rrri^  CO  .-co  M  «  c^i  <^i  CO  g^  •7' ^^^  T- ^  9  ^^^ 3; 5  i:  :,  J,  «  4f  o  <Ja  CO  2  « -- 


Map  No.  XIII. 


MAP 

SHOWING    THE   NUMBER   OF   PERSONS   COMMITTED    FOR 

BIGAMY 

IN  EVERY  100,000  MARRIAGES, 

IN   THE  SEVERAL   COUNTIES   OP 


499 


ENGLAND  AND  WALES. 


^  ***  The  counties  printed  black  are  those 
in  which  the  number  committed  for  this 
oMcnce  is  nbavu  the  average. 
The  counties  left  white  are  those  in  which 
the  number  committed    for  the 
same  offence  is  below  the  average. 
The  average   is  calculated   for 
the  ten  years,  from  1841  to  183(). 


If 


The  average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is  59  m  every  100,000  Marrlaqes. 
n  „     Chester  (the  highest)  259 


2k 


500 

Table  XV. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


03     kv4       ^ 


U,  c« 


2  . 

.2  » 

s 


•*^    tn   <ji    ^ 


<^  H  > 

><  s  > 
IS  o  w 
<  u 

i^ 


oS3a;.S^5  =  co5SS;--gs 


O)  o 

£5233:;: 


>J<i^  5 


^lil-s^<2|| 


:fe.ii  J?  o 


£■3 


C  >f5  -*  »-»M  CO  "O  «  (N 
«5(N(NO5C0t>.«2!C;Ci 


S3  o 


o  !^  ^  W 

<  a:  £  2 
o  H  o  a 


s 


s 


■2  a^ 
.C  3  rt  3-5  C;2  0)^ 

u  u  1-1 Q  c«  S  S I  :s 


Q 
< 
o 

o 

en 

U 

H 

at  oa 


Percentage 
above  and  below 

the  Average, 
t  denotes   above. 
*        „       below. 

03  >p  pt^CSTf  (>J7<CC05-*'pO)COp-^C5(MCO?SCMOlG505-*WOO«5  0-.  (M  p  rt  t>.  05  ^  CO  t^  ^     .  u^  (5>| 

«2»gcaso^.^fj«2-*Tp(ys3cbo«;5Ai6chcoooi<?o6i<>ia-.  ooj'-^b                                        't^.^ 

■*        OCDCOCO  — ■*-<l"        CCOCO        OOM-^^CO— «CO«03-T«5  C;  =  rr  ■Ot-N.OjOBl'O     ''— .t>.o<     .-**>. 

**  **  •^*  -I-***-*-*  *-t-i'**  ^^*  *  -1— t-jt  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  **  *  ••-*  -t-*  ***** 

No.  com- 
mitted An- 
nually in 
everylOO.OOO 
Marriages. 

CM-*    .cmo-.  eo»fl  «c<i05t>osoe<3    .•»*cm-*»'-i>Q05O5;c-*-<»'    •    •— i«t>.«pco  w  C5cm-<  cm  co  05  — t^ 

s 

•aUijaaAV 
IKnuuv 

c>6 

.  eo  ^.  CM  ro  C0 1"  ^  05  to  ■'I' ■'1' 
.osbi'^Orl.oc^o.^o 

.OM>7<CM-HTt<CMOeMrHt-^«5 
CM              rl 

.«;giicg50MC5T»<©CMOM(>ic'.  a5^^ 

•©©©•^©Tr©CM©©r^t>«©0 

M 

•sjBaA  01 

«t^ 

•Mt^CM«5O-«l'-H03CO-*-<t 
to        -H        rt        CM        ^ 

•  CM  -<  CM  'I  ■*  CM©(M-^t^lf5 
CM  •-I         r—  0  -H  .-c 
CM                -■ 

•>QO5«JO5(Ne0-*©CMCMeMOiC0t>. 
i-l        ■">"        CM              —H  t>. 

CM 

i 

bo 

n 

k< 

.2 

-c 
<u 

1 

g 

8 

u 

01 

.a 
g 

3 

O 

H 

o 

2 

-Hco  ;   ^o'   ;   ;«^   :   :   ; 

--S 

Oa-^CM  CM 

:  :  : 

•     'MO^-*     .«0     •-<     • 

•  ^eo-^    • 

3 

00 

OD 
05 
05 
00 

•"J- 

05 

-  : 

i-iOi     •  (N     • «     •  'i'     ■  ©<     • 

.-<05 

■C0O5(N-H 

•  :  : 

.     .^    .(Ni-iiQ     .(N     . 

1  CO  OS -H  CM 

3 

:-^  , 

.«Oi-ii-i     •«^'*     •«•-' 

•05 

CM©     -CM 

--  : 

.     .-.     -CO    ;^(N^- 

«-*(NpH 

§ 

•  (N 

•CM     J     •     •-< 

w     ;     ;-H    _ 

<^S 

>-iCM    ;    ; 

l-<  fH 

•   . »^ -<    ••^    -CO   • 

CMt>.     -PN 

S 

•<N    ;(J<TOi-i 

^Wrt-i    ; 

"Sm 

,-i05    .-H     . 

coco 

-«F^   .(N   •eO'^co   '^i-)0>   •    ' 

S 

•eq    '(N    ^-H 

"^11.' 

<^§ 

.CO-H      • 

''    .' 

._   ._    .o_«    ._rt.,).©,_ 

s 

-^  :  : 

JtO-HCO    |<N 

'^'^  *  .'  ; 

(N  05  rH  ■»)<  01 -I  CM 

^^ 

§ 

fH      .          fH       •  (71       ■          fH 

WW 

" 

5 

CO 

•  CM     ; 

-H--     ;r-<     ;CM 

rt^iC'-^ 

CM  CO  0     • -^  ©  CM  CO -H      •     • 

•^  CM^i-l  10     -CM     •     • 

CO!0^i-< 

© 

CM 

•V 
05 

-.-^  : 

•t-.     .      .  r^      . 

CO      -rt      •      • 

••O"      •      -COCMrH      .F-      J      • 

-<CM    ;eo    ;t>.  ;>-i    ;    ; 

•  ;o-^    . 

s 

i 

-H^  : 

•  ■*     -CM     -^ 

•CMCM-^     ; 

•CMCO'-CO'"*;*; 

CM  rl     .  ^     .  CM     ;  CO     •      1 

•  CO    ;-H 

s 

Average 

Marriages 

for  10  years, 

from 

1839-48. 

CM05tpC505-rC*O)C^t^30--O«C0i23C^C»3J0Sa5CMC;;r00>0oar-^»-*5C05«;J05 

OiCM05co»o-rc;o3w--c05--'-*oo5•*oo^^^'^l^c^P''^0'^'^'■^''5.'^^.-|^c^•-^■-^CMco«5t>.rt•a 
F^     I.H  c^cm'-<"^'"'^f4"cmcm  CO             .^tC-4"cM  <o -JfOrHOM  CMi-*"     M  wcJ-«f  oTocM  w     i-TcM  CO  oi-^r 

H 

H 

S5 

O 

u 

1 

/ 

c 

1 
60   . 

C 

iS 

H 

Northumberland 

Nottingham     . 

Oxford     . 

Rutland    . 

Salop         .        . 

Somerset 

Southampton 

Stafford  . 

Suffolk    .       .       , 

Surrey     .        . 

Sussex      ,        . 

Warwick 

Westmorland 

Wilts 

Worcester 

York 

North  Wales   . 

South  Wales   . 

73 
01   0>   3 

oaoacQ 

Cambridge 

Chester    . 

Cornwall 

Cumberland 

Derby 

Devon 

Dorset     . 

Durham  . 

Essex 

Gloucester 

Hereford 

Hertford 

c 

3 

Kent 

Lancaster 

Leicester 

Lincoln    . 
Middlesex 
Monmouth 
Norfolk    . 
Northampton 

h 
O  S 

5?: 


Map  No.  XIV. 


501 


MAP 

SHOWING    THE    NUMBER   OF    PERSONS   COMMITTED   FOR 

ABDUCTION 

IN  EVERY  10,000,000  OF  THE  MALE  POPULATION, 

IN    THE   SEVERAL   COUNTIES   OF 


ENGLAND   AND  WALES. 


***  The  counties  printed  black  are  those 
In  which  the  number  committed  for  this 
offence  is  above  the  average. 

The  counties  left  ivhite  are  those  in 
which  the  number  committed  for  the  same 
onence  is  below  the  average. 

The  average  is  calculated  for 
the  ten  years,  from  la41  to  ia50. 


Tlu  Average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is    3  in  every  10,000,000  of  the  Male  Population, 

»  '>       Nottingham  and  Bucks  {the  highest)      14  each 


')02 


Table  XVI. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


ci 

O  "C 


e>;<Nc— oc.ococ;cocooooc.ocooco«occoooco 


?  3        =5. 


en  < 

o  u 

O  K 


Q 

2  2 


>  5 
-  o 


2J5 


~^ 


•"t  Tf  «  c  o  o;  eo  t>.t>. 


Q 
Q 

< 

b 
O 

O 

u 
Op 


a 

< 


5 

-a 

e8 

o    . 
c    « 

i 

Si^-Si*  it***********  +-*  *****  ?-"* 

*  *  * 

* 

«9 
■«-* 

-4  ^  oi  ^  — 
-t-*  1-*  * 

* 

* 

2 
* 

No.  com- 
mitted An- 
nually in 

every 

10,000,000 

Males. 

•o-*^    ;;•;;;;••;    •;e<:M;;<N;;    1*^2    IJIII'^I*^:''*! 

n 

IBnuuy 

T"^ 

o^ 

i-.(N 

« 

o< 

cq 

?5 

•SJB3A    01 
10}  IBJOX 

-^t^ 

(N 

-H(N 

« 

(N 

<N 

04 

c 

.2 

u 

3 

.Q 
<5 

s 
a 
8 

i 
1 

1 

- 

- 

: 

- 

: 

" 

■* 

5 

2 

• 

: 

OS 
S3 

- 

« 

(N 

OS 

- 

-^ 

« 

2 

- 

- 

2 

: 

1        = 

2 

- 

'^ 

-* 

- 

■<t 

-r 

2 

: 

CO 

;<0 

l-H 

t>. 

5 

OS 

:« 

(N 

: 

CO 

Average 

Male 

Population 

l«4I-50. 

t^o  55  ^  <M  >3  c;  <N  >rt  S  "^  ''^  S  ~  -^  ^  ~  ^  °^ 
OS  rC  cT  cT  «  CO —^ -1^ «  <N  o  ;c  oT  ;:  c^  ss -.^  tC — 

•«CS®S0C:25O50^«>W=S-.COl-<J>3S(NC-.  —  - 

SS  t>.»l'  —  «  W  rt  O  t^-,£  t^  — 

_f>.--oos=sc-^s^c:«--^ 

23  =  g222  =  "2lS5 

C;  —  «  L- 

l.pilil 

•iii*22-i"ii 

(N        --  —  SC  "  <N 

r^ 

"-r  c^c^r- 
cj  o  o  ..- 

o 

OS 

CO 

o 

X 

0 

3 

Si 

3C 

• 
■  i 

'i  : 

n  I 
:  C 

;Ci 

S 

n 

i 

b 

2  = 

5C 

5C 

5  ; 

5C: 

c 

< 

;  « 
53 

;  1- 

! 
u 

'2 

c 

a 

- 

c 

Si 

.-  c 

c 

c 
c 

c 

C 

X 

c 

a 

V. 

a 
1 

C 

E 

« 

t 
_c 

c 

2 

C 

1 

c 
c 

1 

"s 

c 
c/: 

c 
c 

c 

£ 

T 
C 

If 

3  : 

i 

« 

•c 

1 

>- 

c 
£ 

a 

1 
1 

c 

a 
c 

2 

4 

-*- 
3 

c 

-a   ' 
c 
_2 

"3:  * 
c 

■2s 

r 


Map  No.  XV. 


603 


MAP 


THE 


SHOWINa 

CRIMINALITY      OF      FEMALES 

IN  EVERY  100,000  OF  THE  FEMALE  POPULATION, 
IK   EACH   COUNTY   OF 

ENGLAND   AND  WALES. 


***  The  counties  printed  black  are  those 
in  which  the  number  of  Criminal  Females 
is  above  the  average. 

The  counties  left  white  are  those  in 
which  the  number  of  Criminal  Females  is 
below  the  average. 

The  average  is  taken  for  the  last  10  years. 


Tlie  Average  for  all  England  and  Wales  is  62  in  every  100,000  of  the  Female  Population. 
n  n     Middlesex  {the  highest)        110  „  ,, 

n  „    Derby  {tJie  lowest)^  23  „  „ 


^^^  Table  XVII. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


?<  X<  "  41  C  5^  '*' 


H 

I— I 

i 
5 

«:« 

<  < 

So 

<  < 


< 
» 

o 

H 

t) 
o 

<! 

>; 

H 
<3 
»J 

U 

05 

U 

a: 

H 
O 

o 

X 
» 

H 


•SIBUtUIII3 
-a J    JO    8SBI9AV 

am  MO[9q  puB 


•SIBUIUIU3 

3IBW00l'AjaA3 

Ol  SIBUIUIIJ3 

aiBuiaj  JO  -OM 


io  >h  6i  I  i^'O  ^s.!35  r>.ds  SM"^ii>»05-^c:Tj"Fl.oi:c;-^-^ii^rt>—>«-^owM  i^oo  -^  w  os  ro  i 


•SIBUIIUUO 

3FW  JO  ayBjaAV 

aqi  Mopq  puB 

aAoqB  aSBjuaaJaj 

•SJBUIUIU3  aiBin 

■9J   JO  a^BiaAV 

aqi  Avopq  puB 

3AoqB  aSB^usDiaj 


1— «— f-*  +-*   *****   ■)—<—*—«-*  *  1— t-*  •*-*  ^-*  *   *  -)-*  *  -(_+—)-.♦_*  *  H-*  H— t-*  *  * 


05 -T*  O  O  O  W  'O  'JJ  O  ©1  C  <N  ib '■>  !br-»05  Ah  OJ  Ot>.C:l>.M  "O  O  C5'fj  djW  CQrtt^ljj  <©  -^  t)<  t^ ^-. UJ  TT  » 
*  *  *  *  -4-*  ******  •<—>-*  *  *  -<-*  *  I—)-*  ******  -I-*  -t-*  •*-*  ^-*  *  t-*  *  * 


•uonBindoj 
»l«IM  JO  OOO'OOl 

kl3\3  Ul  SIBUIUI 

-U3  aiBw  JO  •6>i 


•uop 
-Bindoj  aiBuiaj 
JO  OOO'OOl  ^3Aa 

UI  SIBUIUIU3 

ajBiua  j  JO  •b>i 

•05- 1 1-8 1  'JBaj^jad 

«  SIBUIUIU3  aiBi^ 

JO  -ojj  a^BiOAV 


C01>.CD>Ot^(N©000-)»Or.lC0iOK5<N'*t>.00©— ■Oir>.0:>n(MO©CO-*-*0:COt>.tO'CX>C<5tO(N05i-cC<5 


siBiuuiUQ  aiBiuaj 
JO  'ojisi  aSBjaAv 


w»OP5©Tt'©05©©-*  "^  t>.'»  (>j  >7«  CO  Oir>.0)  i-^(N  i>>-^  <>j  Ci  !p  yi  ^  ?p  '-p  f^p  ?5?''?'®y^?^'P^':'' 

©  <h  (N  rf  ij  -^  i'^6;  .^roo5Mf3i«(NJ-^o?6;'hP3r5'^'ii~^co>^»bo:©-^<3D-^3;£2r:;  t^SJ  '2  2^—' 
(>< -"t  3^  CO  t^!:;  « (M  C5  "*  >n  r^oj  Ti<  (>i  1-1  CD -^  ■*  cc  (N  « 1— '  CO  >o  •* -"f      co 'O  — <  cotN.co  ossc      tcccoio-^ 


c;  O  fM  I-  CO  'I'  i^CV  .— iC00033COtOCCfN  1^3?  C^  LT  CO 
(><->J'3^C0t^COC0CNC51''CJ>O5Tj<(Mi-iCD^-*CC2J 

»— «  #-H  I-H  I— I  00  © 


t>.<N  iC  »f5  ©  © 
■^       ©©  Q  lO-H 


•saB3A 

UaX  U?  SIBUIUIUQ 

aiBuiaj  [Bibx 


coiccoS'TC.  ovw©'r— ... 
©»OfN-^©-rr^oi  —  cocooo 

O)  •»  OJ  C0l--©C0O4  ©-"TiO  t>. 


osr:{Oi'-i'!oco»ocoo5(N-^05'Oco©i-^©  —  (N<»t>©05W<ti-iC^©-i'©f2-^t^C223**^ST"i5r2 
-H  CO  —  ■*  CO -^  T}>  (N  o:  CO  CO  © -T -T  (M  r-1  ©  itj 'T  *~»  05  ©  OS  CO  o:  CO  CO      >o  CO  (N  ©rococo©      -r©2J^''* 


„_rt        O,        rt  ^CO        — 


t>.Olt>Tf©©©t^-^-HiO-<1>C0't©'O©©«.—  «O05©TS<-rt>.'f-*r-.©©©©lO-HC2©MO4t2rJS2; 

— i«5*)eO©©C0(N(N©-*©0;-<t"0^r-©r-iC0©'l'»^©O4©C0C0        0>0  Ol  ©  t^ti-©  •*        ^»— ■'T©CO 

-^  CN  rl  (M  ©  OS         »^  „r->.^  <Ni——l  •-"CO  r-< 

e^CJ'-i'N©TO-^>ft©CO(N  "CCO  <N  ©  00  C^  (N  I^r^CO  'I'  ©  CO  -^  CO  K5  ©  ift  "O  'f5  ©  »>•©  tM  Oi  ©  ©  ©  •«»■  15  >fl 

(N1'OJC0©©C0tN(NiOt-»l^©U5C0'-'©©C0e0(M©J>.C0-"*"C0C0'-'©'«'  —  l-^'Ot^©©   tfj— '■*©■* 

(N        <N        —        1-1©      <N  ,—  ,-1,-.    (M   rH      ■-<  CO   -< 


— <'OtM-^i^©t-~.i"©— i-HU5-<-(N©oi*<(N©©©r>.coi><©-i'— •r-'.oj-Ht^— (^^©c<5©•»r©©'-l©t>• 

O4i0(><-^©l-^C0<N©«5©©©'OO<i-ft^OT>«'©t^©'rC0'O©-*        ©-^COOQ©— <05t>.       ©(M>0©<N 
^  <N  (>)  r-<  CO  — ■  — <  —  _  „  O^  CO  i—  r-  CO         — < 


— .   ©  ^  -H 


1-1        -H        (N        «  f^  CN 


S  E  eg:? 


II 


•3   "*J.^   — 


l(amauuu5QQCC^o3:Ii:2JJJp^^^>'^ 


its 

^  re  O 
cr '/}  a. 


o 

a. 

111 


l^j^s? 


►"^  o  o  o 


& 


