James  Devon 


^/i^^/^-»^ 


LONDON   LABOUE 


LONDON  POOK. 


THE  LONDON  STBEET-FOLK.. 


ix>vt)On:  r::iXTEr  by  vr.  ci>ow;ji  and  ho.N^,  s'A>!Ko:sn  stiikr 


LONDON  LABOUR 


AND   THE 


LONDON  POOE; 


CTCLOPiEDLl  OF  THE  COXDITIOX  MD  EARNINGS 


THOSE  THAT  WILL  WOEK, 
THOSE  THAT  CANNOT  WORK,  AND 
THOSE  THAT  WILL  NOT  WORK. 

BY 

HENRY  MAYHEW. 
THE    LONDON    STREET-FOLK; 

COMPRISING. 
STREET  SELLERS.  .  STREET  PERFORMERS. 


STREET  BUYERS. 
STBEFI  FINDERS. 


STREET  ARTIZANS. 
STREET  LABOURERS. 


WITH  NUMKROUS   HiLUSTB ATION  S    PKOM  PHOTOQBAPHS. 

VOLUME  II. 

LONDON: 
GRIFFIN,    BOHN,    AND    COMPANY, 

STATIONERS'  HALL  COURT. 
1861. 


CONTENTS 


VOLTOIE  11. 


THE  STKEET-FOLK. 

PAcr: 
lifTBODUCTION      -----------1 

Street-Sellebs  of  Secoxd-haxd  Articles          __-_--  5 
Street-Sellers  op  Lite  Anijials  --------47 

Streett-Sellers  of  Mineral  Prodlctions  A^T>  Natural  Curiosities          -         -  81 

The  Street-Buyers    ----------  1C3 

The  Street-Jevs's        ----------  115 

Street-Finders  or  Collecttors       --«_----  13G 

The  Streets  of  Lonix)x       -_•„-----  181 

Chiiixet-Sweepers       ---..^-----  338 

Cbossino-Sweepers      -~^....-...  465 


LIST  OF  ILLUSTRATIONS. 


PAGE 

A  View  in  PEmcoAT-LAifE  _----_-«       35 

A  View  is  Rosemaby-Lane  --------39 

The  Street  Dog-belleb        ---------54 

Stbeet-Selleb  op  Bibds'-Nests       _-----__       72 

The  Crippled  Street  Bird-seller  -------       qq 

Thk  Jew  Old-clothks  Man  -         --         -         -         -         -         -         -118 

The  Bone-Gbubbeb     ----------     133 

The  Mxhj-Labk  _--__-_--_     155 

The  London  Dustman  ---------     172 

View  of  a  Dust-yabd  ---------     2O8 

The  London  Scavenges       ---------     226 

Street  Obderlies       ----------     253 

The  Able-Bodied  Pauper  Street-Sweepeb        ------     262 

The  Bubbish-Carteb  -         ---------     289 

The  London  Sweep    ----------     346 

One  of  the  few  remaining  Climbinq-Sweeps     ------     354 

The  Milkmaid's  Garland    ---------370 

The  Sweep's  Home     -------___     373 

The  Seweb-Hunter    ----------     383 

Mode  of  Cleansing  Cesspools        --_----_     406 

Flushing  the  Sewebs  -------«_     424 

Tms  Bat-Catcuebs  of  the  Sewers  -------     43^ 

LONDOV  NiaHTMEN         ------,--_       433 

The  Bearded  Obossino-Sweepeb  at  the  Exchange  -  -  -  _  -  471 
The  Cbossino-Sweepeb  that  has  been  a  Maid-Servant  -  -  -  _  479 
The  Ibish  OBOflSiNO-SwEEpEB  -----.--43X 

The  Oin»>LiGOKD  Cbossing-S weeper  at  Chanceby-Lanb  -         -         -         -     483 

The  Bot  CBOflsrao-SwiKPERS  -------.494 


LONDON    LABOUR 


AND 


THE     LONDON    POOR 


VOL.  II. 


THE     STREET-FOLK. 

BOOK    THE    SECOND. 


INTEODUCTION. 


Ih  commencing  a  new  volume  I  would  devote  a 
few  pages  to  the  consideration  of  the  import  of  the 
facts  already  collected  concerning  the  London 
Street- Folk,  not  only  as  regards  the  street-people 
themselves,  but  also  in  connection  with  the  general 
society  of  which  they  form  so  large  a  proportion. 

The  precise  extent  of  the  proportion  which  the 
Street-Traders  bear  to  the  rest  of  the  Metropoli- 
tan Population  is  the  first  point  to  be  evolved  ;  for 
the  want,  the  ignorance,  and  the  vice  of  a  street- 
life  being  in  a  direct  ratio  to  the  numbers,  it  be- 
comes of  capital  importance  that  we  should  know 
how  many  are  seeking  to  pick  up  a  livelihood  in 
the  public  thoroughfares.  This  is  the  more  essen- 
tial because  the  Government  returns  never  have 
given  us,  and  probably  never  tvill  give  us,  any 
correct  information  respecting  it.  The  Census  of 
1841  set  down  the  "  Hawkers,  Hucksters,  and 
Pedlars"  of  the  Metropolis  as  numbering  2045; 
and  from  the  inquiries  I  have  made  among  the 
street-sellers  as  to  the  means  taken  to  obtain  a  full 
account  of  their  numbers  for  the  next  population 
return,  the  Census  of  1851  appears  likely  to  be 
about  as  correct  in  its  statements  concerning  the 
Street  Traders  and  Performers  as  the  one  which 
preceded  it 

According  to  the  accounts  which  have  been  col- 
lected daring  the  progress  of  this  work,  the  number 
of  the  London  Street-People,  so  far  as  the  inquiry 
has  gone,  it  upwards  of  40,000.  This  sum  is  made 
up  of  30,000  Costermongers ;  2000  Street-Sellers 
of  "Green-Stuff,"  as  Watercresses,  Chick  weed,  and 
Groundsell,  Turf,  &c. ;  4000  Street-Sellers  of  Eat- 
ables and  Drinkables;  1000  selling  Stationery, 
Bonks,  Papers,  and  Engravings  in  the  streets ; 
and  4000  other  street-sellers  vending  manufac- 
tured articles,  either  of  metal,  crockery,  textile, 
chemical,  or  miscellaneous  substances,  making  al- 
together 41,000,  or  in  round  numbers  say  40,000 
individuals.  The  30,000  costermongers  may  be 
said  to  include  12,000  men,  6000  women,  and 
12,000  children. 

The  above  numbers  comprise  the  main  body  of 
people  selling  in  the  London  streets ;  hence  if  we 
assert  that,  with  the  vendors  of  second-hand  articles, 
*s  old  meul,  glass,  linen,  clothes,  Ac,  and  mineral 
productions,  such  ns  coke,  salt,  and  sand,  there  are 
•bout  46,000  street-traders  in  the  Metropolis,  we 
shall  not,  I  am  satisfied,  be  very  far  from  the  truth. 


The  value  of  the  Capital,  or  Stock  in  Trade,  of 
these  people,  though  individually  trifling,  amounts, 
collectively,  to  a  considerable  sum  of  money — in- 
deed, to  very  nearly  40,000/.,  or  at  the  rate  of 
about  1/.  per  head.  Under  the  term  Capital  are 
included  the  donkeys,  barrows,  baskets,  stalls, 
trays,  boards,  and  goods  belonging  to  the  several 
street-traders  ;  and  though  the  stock  of  the  water- 
cress, the  small- ware,  the  lucifer,  the  flower,  or  the 
chickweed  and  groundsell  seller  may  not  exceed  in 
value  1 5.,  and  the  basket  or  tray  upon  which  it  is 
carried  barely  half  that  sum,  that  of  the  more 
prosperous  costermonger,  possessed  of  his  barrow 
and  donkey ;  or  of  the  Cheap  John,  with  his  cart 
filled  with  hardware ;  or  the  Packman,  Avith  his 
bale  of  soft  wares  at  his  back,  may  be  worth  almost 
as  many  pounds  as  the  others  are  pence. 

The  gross  amount  of  trade  done  by  the  London 
Street-Sellers  in  the  course  of  the  year  is  so  large 
that  the  mind  is  at  first  unable  to  comprehend  how, 
without  reckless  extravagance,  want  can  be  in  any 
way  associated  with  the  class.  After  the  most 
cautious  calculation,  the  results  having  been  checked 
and  re-checked  in  a  variety  of  ways,  so  that  the  con- 
clusion arrived  at  might  be  somewhat  near  and 
certainly  not  beyond  the  truth,  it  appears  that  the 
"  takings  "  of  the  London  Street-Sellers  cannot  be 
said  to  be  less  than  2,500,000/.  per  annum.  But 
vast  as  this  sum  may  seem,  and  especially  when 
considered  as  only  a  portion  of  the  annual  expen- 
diture of  the  Metropolitan  Poor,  still,  when  we  come 
to  spread  the  gross  yearly  receipts  over  40,000 
people,  we  find  that  the  individual  tiikings  are  but 
62/.  per  annum,  which  (allowing  the  rate  of  profit 
to  be  in  all  cases  even  50  per  cent.,  though  1  am 
convinced  it  is  often  much  less)  gives  to  each  street- 
trader  an  annual  income  of  20/.  Vis.  id.,  or  within 
a  fraction  of  8.?.  a  week,  all  the  year  round.  And 
when  we  come  to  deduct  from  this  the  loss  by 
perishable  articles,  the  keep  of  donkeys,  the  wear 
and  tear,  or  hire,  of  barrows — the  cost  of  stalls  and 
baskets,  together  with  the  interest  on  stock-money 
(generally  at  the  rate  of  4«.  a  week — and  often 
la.  a  day — for  1/.,  or  1040/.  percent,  per  annum), 
we  may  with  safety  assert  that  the  avera;ie  gain  or 
clear  income  of  the  Metropolitan  Sireet-Sellers  is 
rather  under  than  over  It.  iid.  a  week.  Some  of 
the  more  expert  street-traders  may  clear  lOj.  or 
even  16«.  weekly  throughout  the  year,  while  the 


No.  I.  Vol  n. 


B 


2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


weekly  profit  of  the  less  expert,  the  old  people, 
and  the  children,  may  be  said  to  be  35.  Qd.  These 
incomes,  however,  are  the  average  of  the  gross 
yearly  profits  rather  than  the  regular  weekly  gains  ; 
the  consequence  is,  that  though  they  might  be 
sufficient  to  keep  the  majority  of  the  street- sellers 
in  comparative  comfort,  were  they  constant  and 
capable  of  being  relied  upon,  from  week  to  week 
— but  being  variable  and  uncertain,  ftnd  rising 
sometimes  from  nothing  in  the  winter  to  1/.  a  week 
in  tin;  summer,  when  street  commodities  are  plen- 
tiful and  cheap,  and  the  poorer  classes  have  money 
wherewith  to  purchase  them  —  and  fluctuating 
moreover,  even  at  the  best  of  times,  according  as 
the  weather  is  wet  or  fine,  and  the  traffic  of  the 
streets  consequently  diminished  or  augmented — 
it  is  but  natural  that  the  people  subject  to  such 
alternations  should  lack  the  prudence  and  tempe- 


rance of  those  whose  incomes  are  more  regular 
and  uniform. 

To  place  the  above  facts  clearly  before  the 
reader  the  following  table  has  been  prepared.  The 
first  column  states  the  titles  of  the  several  classes 
of  street-sellers ;  the  second,  the  number  of  indi- 
viduals belonging  to  each  of  these  classes ;  the 
third,  the  value  of  their  respective  capitals  or  stock 
in  trade;  the  fourth,  the  gross  amount  of  trade  done 
by  them  respectively  every  year  ;  the  fifth,  the  ave- 
rage yearly  takings  of  each  class  ;  and  the  sixth, 
their  average  weekly  gains.  This  gives  us,  as  it 
were,  a  bird's-eye  view  of  the  earnings  and  pecu- 
niary condition  of  the  various  kinds  of  street- 
sellers  already  treated  of.  It  is  here  cited,  as  in- 
deed all  the  statistics  in  this  work  are,  as  an  ap- 
proximation to  the  truth  rather  than  a  definite 
and  accurate  result. 


DKSCRirXIOX   OF   CLASS. 

Number 

of 
Persons 
1    in  each 
Class. 

Gross 
amount  of 
capital,  or 
stock  ill 
trade  be- 
longing  to 
each  class. 

Gross  amount  of  trade 

annually  done  by  each 

class. 

Average 
yearly 

receipts 
per 
head. 

Average 
weekly 
gains. 

CoSTERMONaERS  '.                                        ") 

Street-Sellers  of  Wet  Fish   .     . 

Dry  fish     .     , 

„           Shell  Fish      . 

„         „            Green  Fruit  . 
„         „            Dry  Fruit .     .    )■ 
,,         „            Vegetables     . 

Game,  Poultry, 

Rabbits,  &c. 

„         „            Flowers,  Roots, 

&c.  ...    J 

Street-Sellers  of  Green  Stuff. 

Watercresses*^ 

Chickweed,      Groundsell,      and 

Plantain  ^ 

Turf-Cutters  and  Sellers .     .     . 
Street-Sellers  of  Eatables  and 

Drinkables 

Street-Sellers   of    Stationery, 
Literature,  and  the  Fine 

Arts 

Street- Sellers     of     Manufac- 
tured  Articles    of    Metal, 
Crockery  and  Glass,  Textile, 
Chemical,     or     Miscellaneous 
Substances 

30,000  »> 

1,000 

1,000 
40 

4,000 
1,000 

4,000 

£ 

25,000 

87 

42 

20 

9,000 
400 

2,800 

1,177,200 
127,000 
156,600 

1,460,800 
332,400 

1,000                   1- 
292,200 

625,600 
80,000 
14,800 

2,181,200  j 

13,900 

14,000 
570 

203,100 
33,400 

188,200 

£60 

13 

14 
14 

60 
30 

47 

8*. 

3*.  U. 

5s. 
5s.  6d. 

10*. 
Ss. 

10s. 

41,040 

£37,529 

£2,634,370 

£60 

Ss. 

*  The  definition  of  a  Costermonger  strictly  includes  only  such  individuals  as  confine  themselves  to 
the  sale  of  the  produce  of  the  Green  and  Fruit  Markets  :  the  term  is  here  restricted  to  that  signification. 

^  This  number  includes  Men,  Women,  and  Children. 

'^  The  Watercress  trade  is  carried  on  in  the  streets,  principally  by  old  people  and  children.  The 
chief  mart  to  which  the  street-sellers  of  cresses  resort  is  Faningdon-market,  a  place  which  but  few 
or  none  of  the  regular  Costermongers  attend. 

d  The  Chickweed  and  Groundsell  Sellers  and  the  Turf-Cutters'  traffic  has  but  little  expense  con- 
nected with  it,  and  their  trade  is  therefore  nearly  all  profit. 


LONDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Now,  according  to  the  above  estimate,  it  would 
appear  that  the  gross  annual  receipts  of  the  entire 
body  of  street-sellers  (for  there  are  many  besides 
those  above  specified — as  for  instance,  the  vendors 
of  second-hand  articles,  &c.)  may  be  estimated  in 
round  numbers  at  3,000,000/.  sterling,  and  their 
clear  income  at  about  1,000,000/.  per  annum. 
Hence,  we  are  enabled  to  perceive  the  importance 
of  the  apparently  insignificiint  traffic  of  the  streets  ; 
for  were  the  street- traders  to  be  prohibited  from 
pursuing  their  calling,  and  so  forced  to  apply  for 
relief  at  the  several  metropolitan  unions,  the  poor- 
rates  would  be  at  the  least  doubled.  The  total 
sum  expended  in  the  relief  of  the  London  poor, 
during  1848,  was  725,000/.,  but  this  we  see  is 
hardly  three-fourths  of  the  income  of  the  street- 
traders.  Those,  therefore,  who  would  put  an  end 
to  the  commerce  of  our  streets,  should  reflect 
whether  they  would  like  to  do  so  at  the  cost 
of  doubling  the  present  poor-rates  [and  of  reducing 
one-fortieth  part  of  the  entire  metropolitan  popu- 
lation from  a  state  of  comparative  independence  to 
absolute  pauperism. 

However  unsatisfactory  it  may  be  to  the  aristo- 
cratic pride  of  the  wealthy  commercial  classes,  it 
cannot  be  denied  that  a  very  important  element  of 
the  trade  of  this  vast  capital — this  marvellous 
centre  of  the  commerce  of  the  world — I  cite  the 
stereotype  phrases  of  civic  eloquence,  for  they 
are  at  least  truths — it  is  still  undeniable,  I  say, 
that  a  large  proportion  of  the  commerce  of  the 
capital  of  Great  Britain  is  in  the  hands  of  the 
Street- Folk.  This  simple  enunciation  might  appear 
a  mere  platitude  were  it  not  that  the  street-sellers 
are  a  proscribed  class.  They  are  driven  from 
stations  to  which  long  possession  might  have  been 
thought  to  give  them  a  quasi  legal  right;  driven 
from  them  at  the  capricious  desire  of  the  shop- 
keepers, some  of  whom  have  had  bitter  reason,  by 
the  diminution  of  their  own  business,  to  repent 
their  interference.  They  are  bandied  about  at  the 
will  of  a  police-officer.  They  must  "move  on" 
and  not  obstruct  a  thoroughfare  which  may  be 
crammed  and  blocked  with  the  carriages  of  the 
wealthy  until  to  cross  the  road  on  foot  is  a  danger. 
They  are,  in  fine,  a  body  numbering  thousands, 
who  are  allowed  to  live  in  the  prosecution  of  the 
most  ancient  of  all  trades,  sale  or  barter  in  the 
open  air,  6y  sufferance  alone.  They  are  classed  as 
unauthorized  or  illegal  and  intrusive  traders,  though 
they  "  turn  over  "  millioiu  in  a  year. 

The  authorities,  it  is  true,  do  not  sanction  any 
general  arbitrary  enforcement  of  the  legal  pro- 
scription of  the  Street-Polk,  but  they  have  no  option 
if  a  section  of  shopkeepers  choose  to  say  to  them, 
"  Drive  away  from  our  doors  these  street-people." 
It  appears  to  be  sufficient  for  an  inferior  class  of 
tradesmen — for  such  the  meddlers  with  the  street- 
folk  generally  seem  to  be — merely  to  desire  such 
a  removal  in  order  to  accomplish  it.  It  is  not 
necessary  for  them  to  say  in  excuse,  "  We  pay 
heavy  rents,  and  rates,  and  taxes,  and  are  forced  to 
let  our  lodgings  accordingly ;  we  pay  fur  licences,  and 
some  of  us  as  well  pay  fines  forgiving  short  weight 
to  poor  people,  and  that,  too,  when  it  is  hardly  safe 
to  give  short  weight  to  our  richer  patrons;  but 


what  rates,  taxes,  or  licences  do  these  street- 
traders  pay  1  Their  lodgings  may  be  dear  enough, 
but  their  rates  are  nominally  nothing"  (being 
charged  in  the  rent  of  their  rooms).  "  From  taxes 
they  are  blessedly  exempt.  They  are  called  upon 
to  pay  no  imposts  on  their  property  or  income ; 
they  defray  merely  the  trifling  duties  on  their 
tobacco,  beer,  tea,  sugar,  coffee  "  (though  these  by 
the  way — the  chief  articles  in  the  excise  and 
customs  returns — make  up  one-half  of  the  revenue 
of  the  country).  "  They  ought  to  be  put  down. 
We  can  supply  all  that  is  wanting.  What  may 
become  of  thein  is  simply  their  own  concern." 

The  Act  50  Geo.  III.,  c.  41,  requires  that  every 
person  "  carrying  to  sell  or  exposing  to  sale  any 
goods,  wares,  or  merchandize,"  shall  pay  a  yearly 
duty.  I3ut  according  to  s.  23,  "  nothing  in  this 
Act  shall  extend  to  prohibit  any  person  or  persons 
from  selling  (by  hawking  in  the  streets)  any  printed 
papers  licensed  by  authority;  or  any  fish,  fruit,  or 
victuals."  Among  the  privileged  articles  are  also 
included  barm  or  yeast,  and  coals.  The  same  Act, 
moreover,  contains  nothing  to  prohibit  the  maker 
of  any  home-manufacture  from  exposing  his  goods 
to  sale  in  any  town-market  or  fair,  nor  any  tinker, 
cooper,  glazier,  or  other  artizau,  from  going  about 
and  carrying  the  materials  of  his  business.  The 
unlicensed  itinerant  vendors  of  such  things  how- 
ever as  lucifer-matches,  boot-laces,  braces,  fuzees,  or 
any  wares  indeed,  not  of  their  own  manufacture, 
are  violators  of  the  law,  and  subject  to  a  penalty 
of  10/.,  or  three  months'  imprisonment  for  each 
offence.  It  is  in  practice,  however,  only  in  the 
hawking  of  such  articles  as  those  on  which  the 
duty  is  heavy  and  of  considerable  value  to  the 
revenue  (such  as  tea,  tobacco,  or  cigars),  that  there 
is  any  actual  check  in  the  London  streets. 

Nevertheless,  a  large  proportion  of  the  street- 
trading  without  a  licence  is  contrary  to  law,  and 
the  people  seeking  to  obtain  a  living  by  such 
means  are  strictly  liable  to  fine  or  imprisonment, 
while  even  those  street- traders  whom  the  Act 
specially  exempts — as  for  instance  the  street-sellers 
of  fish,  fruit,  and  vegetables,  and  of  eatables  and 
drinkables,  as  well  as  the  street  arlizans,  and  who 
are  said  to  have  the  right  of  "  exposing  their 
goods  to  sale  in  any  market  or  fair  in  every  city, 
borough,  town-corporate,  and  market-town  " — even 
these,  I  say,  are  liable  to  be  punished  for  obstruct- 
ing the  highway  whenever  they  attempt  to  do  to. 

Now  these  are  surely  anomalies  which  it  is 
high  time,  in  these  free-trude  days,  should  cease. 
The  endeavour  to  obtain  an  Iwnest  and  inde- 
pendent livelihood  sliould  sidjject  no  man  to  fine 
or  imprisonment;  nor  should  the  poor  hawker — 
the  neediest  perhaps  of  all  tradesmen — be  required 
to  pay  4/.  a  year  for  the  liberty  to  carry  on  his 
business  when  the  wealthy  shopkeeper  ciin  do  so 
"  scot-free."  Moreover,  it  is  a  glaring  iniquity 
that  the  rich  tradesman  should  have  it  in  his 
power,  by  complaining  to  the  police,  to  deprive  his 
poorer  rival  of  the  right  to  dispose  of  his  good«  in 
the  streets.  It  is  often  said,  in  justification,  that 
ns  the  shopkeepers  pay  the  principal  portion  of 
the  rates  and  taxes,  tlicy  must  be  protected  in 
the  exercise  of  tiieir  business.     But  this,  in  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


first  place,  is  far  from  the  truth.  As  regards  the 
taxes,  the  poorer  classes  pay  nearly  half  of  the 
national  imposts  :  they  pay  the  chief  portion  of 
the  malt  duty,  and  that  is  in  round  numbers 
5,000,000/.  a  year ;  the  greater  part  of  the  spirit 
duty,  which  is  4,350,000^;  the  tobacco  duty, 
4,260,000/. ;  the  sugar  duty,  4,500,000/. ;  and 
the  duty  on  tea,  5,330,000/. ;  making  altogether 
23,430,000/.,  out  of  about  50,000,000/.  Con- 
cerning the  rates,  however,  it  is  not  so  easy  to 
estimate  what  proportion  the  poor  people  con- 
tribute towards  the  local  burdens  of  the  country ; 
but  if  they  are  householders,  they  have  to  pay 
quota  of  the  parish  and  county  expenses  directly, 
and,  if  lodgers,  indirectly  in  the  rent  of  their 
apartments.  Hence  it  is  evident,  that  to  consider 
the  street-sellers  unworthy  of  being  protected  in 
the  exercise  of  their  calling  because  they  pay 
neither  rates  nor  taxes,  is  to  commit  a  gross  in- 
justice, not  only  to  the  street-sellers  themselves  by 
forcing  them  to  contribute  in  their  tea  and  sugar, 
their  beer,  gin,  and  tobacco,  towards  the  expenses 
of  a  Government  which  exerts  itself  rather  to 
injure  than  benefit  them,  but  likewise  to  the  rate- 
payers of  the  parish ;  for  it  is  a  necessary  conse- 
quence, if  the  shopkeepers  have  the  power  to 
deprive  the  street-dealers  of  their  living  whenever 
the  out-of  door  tradesmen  are  thought  to  interfere 
with  the  business  of  those  indoors  (perhaps  by 
underselling  them),  that  the  street-dealers,  being 
unable  to  live  by  their  own  labour,  must  betake 
themselves  to  the  union  and  live  upon  the  labour 
of  the  parishioners,  and  thus  the  shopkeepers 
may  be  said  to  enrich  themselves  at  the  expense, 
not  only  of  the  poor  street-people,  but  likewise 
of  their  brother  ratepayers. 

Nor  can  it  be  said  that  the  Street-Sellers  are 
interlopers  upon  these  occasions,  for  if  ancient 
custom  be  referred  to,  it  will  be  found  that  the 
Shopkeepers  are  the  real  intruders,  they  having 
succeeded  the  Hawkers,  who  were,  in  truth,  the 
original  distributors  of  the  produce  of  the  country. 

Sut  though  no  body  of  Shopkeepers,  nor, 
indeed,  any  other  class  of  people  individually, 
should  possess  the  power  to  deprive  the  Hawkers 
of  what  is  often  the  last  shift  of  struggling 
independence — the  sale  of  a  few  goods  in  the 
street — still  it  is  evident  that  the  general  con- 
venience of  the  public  must  be  consulted,  and 
that,  were  the  Street-Traders  to  be  allowed  the 
right  of  pitching  in  any  thoroughfare  they  pleased, 
many  of  our  principal  streets  would  be  blocked  up 
with  costers'  barrows,  and  the  kerb  of  Kegent- 
street  possibly  crowded  like  that  of  the  New  Cut, 
with  the  hawkers  and  hucksters  that  would  be 
Bure  to  resort  thither;  while  those  thoroughfares 
which,  like  Fleet-street  and  Cheapside,  are  now 
almost  impassable  at  certain  times  of  the  day,  | 
from  the  increased  traffic  of  the  City,  would  be 
rendered  still  more  impervious  by  the  throngs  of 
street-sellers  that  the  crowd  alone  would  be  sure 
to  attract  to  the  spot. 

Under  the  circumstancr'S,  therefore,  it  becomes 
necessary  that  we  should  provide  for  the  vast 
body  of  Street-Sellers  some  authorized  place  of 
resort,  where  they  might  be   both  entitled  and 


permitted  to  obtain  an  honest  living  according  to 
Act  of  Parliament.  To  think  for  a  moment  of 
"putting  down"  street-trading  is  to  be  at  once 
ignorant  of  the  numbers  and  character  of  the 
people  pursuing  it.  To  pass  an  Act  declaring 
50,000  individuals  rogues  and  vagabonds,  would 
be  to  fill  our  prisons  or  our  workhouses  with  men 
who  would  willingly  earn  their  own  living.  Be- 
sides, the  poor  mil  buy  of  the  poor.  Subject  the 
petty  trader  to  fine  and  imprisonment  as  you 
please,  still  the  very  sympathy  and  patronage  of 
the  petty  purchaser  will  in  this  country  always 
call  into  existence  a  large  body  of  purveyors  to 
the  poorer  classes.  I  would  suggest,  therefore, 
and  I  do  so  after  much  consideration,  and  an 
earnest  desire  to  meet  all  the  difficulties  of  the 
case,  that  a  number  of  "  poor  men's  markets  "  be 
established  throughout  London,  by  the  purchase 
or  rental  of  plots  of  ground  in  the  neighbourhood 
of  the  present  street-markets  ;  that  a  small  toll  be 
paid  by  each  of  the  Street-Sellers  attending  such 
markets,  for  the  right  to  vend  their  goods  there — 
that  the  keeper  or  beadle  of  each  market  be  like- 
wise an  Inspector  of  Weights  and  Measures, 
and  that  any  hawker  found  using  "  slangs "  of 
any  kind,  or  resorting  to  any  imposition  what- 
ever, be  prohibited  entering  the  market  for  the 
future — that  the  conduct  and  regulation  of  the 
markets  be  under  the  direction  of  a  committee 
consisting  of  an  equal  number  of  shareholders, 
sellers,  and  working  men — the  latter  as  repre- 
sentatives of  the  buyers — and  that  the  surplus 
funds  (if  any,  after  paying  all  expenses,  together 
with  a  fair  interest  to  the  shareholders  of  the 
market)  should  be  devoted  to  the  education  of 
the  children  of  the  hawkers  before  and  after  the 
hours  of  sale.  There  might  also  be  a  penny 
savings'-bank  in  connection  with  each  of  the  mar- 
kets, and  a  person  stationed  at  the  gates  on  the 
conclusion  of  the  day's  business,  to  collect  all  he 
could  from  the  hawkers  as  they  left. 

There  are  already  a  sufficient  number  of  poor- 
markets  established  at  the  East  end  of  the 
town — though  of  a  different  character,  such  as 
the  Old  Clothes  Exchange — to  prove  the  prac- 
ticability of  the  proposed  plan  among  even  the 
pettiest  traders.  And  I  am  convinced,  after  long 
deliberation,  that  such  institutions  could  not  but 
tend  to  produce  a  rapid  and  marked  improvement 
in  the  character  of  the  London  Hawkers. 

This  is  the  only  way  evident  to  me  of  meeting 
the  evil  of  our  present  street-life — an  evil  which 
is  increasing  every  day,  and  which  threatens,  ere 
long,  almost  to  overwhelm  us  Avith  its  abomina- 
tions. To  revile  the  street-people  is  stark  folly. 
Their  ignorance  is  no  demerit  to  them,  even  as  it 
is  no  merit  to  us  to  know  the  little  that  we 
do.  If  we  really  wish  the  people  better,  let 
us,  I  say  again,  do  for  them  what  others  have 
done  for  us,  .and  without  which  (humiliating  as 
it  may  be  to  our  pride)  we  should  most  assuredly 
have  been  as  they  are.  It  is  the  continued  for- 
getfulness  of  this  truth — a  truth  which  our 
wretched  self-conceit  is  constantly  driving  from 
our  minds — that  prevents  our  stirring  to  improve 
the  condition  of  these  poor  people ;  though,  if  we 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


knew  bat  the  whole  of  the  facts  concerning 
them,  and  their  sufferings  and  feelings,  our  very- 
fears  alone  for  the  safety  of  the  state  would  be 
sufficient  to  make  us  do  something  in  their  behalf, 
I  am  quite  satisfied,  from  all  I  have  seen,  that 
there  are  thousands  in  this  great  metropolis  ready 
to  rush  forth,  on  the  least  evidence  of  a  rising  of 
the  people,  to  commit  the  most  savage  and  revolt- 
ing excesses — men  who  have  no  knowledge  of 
the  government  of  the  country  but  as  an  armed 
despotism,  preventing  their  earning  their  living, 
and  who  hate  all  law,  because  it  is  made  to  appear 
to  them  merely  as  an  organised  tyranny — men, 
too,  who  have  neither  religious  nor  moral  princi- 
ples to  restrain  the  exercise  of  their  grossest  pas- 
sions when  once  roused,  and  men  who,  from  our 
very  neglect  of  them,  are  necessarily  and  essen- 
tially the  dangerous  classes,  whose  existence  we 
either  rail  at  or  deplore. 

The  rate  of  increase  among  the  street-traders  it 
ii  almost  impossible  to  arrive  at.  The  population 
returns  afford  us  no  data  for  the  calculation,  and 
the  street-people  themselves  are  unable  to  supply 
the  least  information  on  the  subject ;  all  they  can 
tell  us  is,  that  about  20  years  ago  they  took  a 
guinea  for  every  shilling  that  they  get  now.  This 
heavy  reduction  of  their  receipts  they  attribute  to 
the  cheapness  of  commodities,  and  the  necessity 
to  carry  and  sell  a  greater  quantity  of  goods  in 
order  to  get  the  same  profit,  as  well  as  to  the  in- 
crease in  the  number  of  street-traders ;  but  when 
questioned  as  to  the  extent  of  such  increase,  their 
answers  are  of  the  vaguest  possible  kind.  Arrang- 
ing the  street-people,  however,  as  we  have  done, 
into  three  distinct  classes,  according  to  the  causes 
which  have  led  to  their  induction  into  a  street- 
life,  viz.,  those  who  are  born  and  bred  to  the 
•treets — those  who  take  to  the  streets  —  and 
those  who  are  driven  to  the  streets,  it  is  evident 
that  the  main  elements  of  any  extraordinary  in- 
crease of  the  street-folk  must  be  sought  for  among 
the  two  latter  classes.  Among  the  first  the  in- 
crease will,  at  the  utmost,  be  at  the  same  rate 
M  the  ordinary  increase  of  the  population — viz., 
1^  percent,  per  annum;  for  the  English  coster- 
mongers  and  street-traders  in  general  appear  to 
be  remarkable  rather  for  the  small  than  the  large 
number  of  their  children,  so  that,  even  supposing 
all  the  boys  and  girls  of  the  street-sellers  to  be 
brought  up  to  the  same  mode  of  life  as  their 
fiither,  we  could  not  thus  account  for  any  enor- 
mous increase  among  the  street-folk.  With  those, 
however,  who  lake  to  the  streets  from  the  love  of 
a  "  roving  life,"  or  the  desire  to  "  shake  a  free 
1^" — to  quote  the  phrases  of  the  men  them- 
felves— or  are  driven  to  the  streets  from  an  ina- 
bility to  obtain  employment  at  the  pursuit  to 
which  they  have  been  accustomed,  the  case  is  far 
diffiu-ent. 


That  there  is  every  day  a  greater  difficulty  for 
working  men  to  live  by  their  labour — either  from 
the  paucity  of  work,  or  from  the  scanty  remunera- 
tion given  for  it — surely  no  one  will  be  disposed  to 
question  when  every  one  is  crying  out  that  the 
country  is  over-populated.  Such  being  the  case,  it 
is  evident  that  tiie  number  of  mechanics  in  the 
streets  must  be  daily  augmenting,  for,  as  I  have 
before  said,  street-trading  is  the  last  shift  of  an  un- 
employed artizan  to  keep  himself  and  his  family 
from  the  "  Union."  The  workman  out  of  work, 
sooner  than  starve  or  go  to  the  parish  for  relief, 
takes  to  making  up  and  vending  on  his  own  ac- 
count the  articles  of  his  craft,  whilst  the  underpaid 
workman,  sooner  than  coHtinue  toiling  from  morn- 
ing till  midnight  for  a  bare  subsistence,  resorts  to 
the  easier  trade  of  buying  and  selling.  Again, 
even  among  the  less  industrious  of  the  working 
classes,  the  general  decline  in  wages  has  tended, 
and  is  continually  tending,  to  make  their  labour 
more  and  more  irksome  to  them.  There  is  a  cant 
abroad  at  the  present  day,  that  there  is  a  special 
pleasure  in  industry,  and  hence  we  are  taught 
to  regard  all  those  who  object  to  work  as  apper- 
taining to  the  class  of  natural  vagabonds ;  but 
where  is  the  man  among  us  that  loves  labour  1 
for  work  or  labour  is  merely  that  which  is  irk- 
some to  perform,  and  which  every  man  requires 
a  certain  amount  of  remuneration  to  induce  him 
to  perform.  If  men  really  loved  work  they  would 
pay  to  be  .allowed  to  do  it  rather  than  re- 
quire to  be  paid  for  doing  it.  That  occupation 
which  is  agreeable  to  us  we  call  amusement,  and 
that  and  that  only  which  is  disagreeable  we  term 
labour,  or  drudgery,  according  to  the  intensity  of 
its  irksomeness.  Hence  as  the  amount  of  remu- 
neration given  by  way  of  inducement  to  a  man  to 
go  through  a  certain  amount  of  work  becomes  re- 
duced, so  does  the  stimulus  to  work  become  wea- 
kened, and  this,  through  the  decline  of  wages, 
is  what  is  daily  taking  place  among  us.  Our  ope- 
ratives are  continually  ceasing  to  be  producers, 
and  passing  from  the  creators  of  wealth  into  the 
exchangers  or  distributors  of  it ;  becoming  mere 
tradesmen,  subsisting  on  the  labour  of  other 
people  rather  than  their  own,  and  so  adding  to 
the  very  non-producers,  the  great  number  of 
whom  is  the  main  cause  of  the  poverty  of  those 
who  make  all  our  riches.  To  teach  a  people 
the  difficulty  of  living  by  labour  is  to  inculcaie  the 
most  dangerous  of  all  lessons,  and  this  is  what 
we  are  daily  doing.  Our  trading  classes  are  in- 
creasing at  a  most  enormous  rate,  and  so  giving 
rise  to  that  exceeding  competition,  and  conse- 
quently, to  that  continual  reduction  of  prices — all 
of  which  must  ultimately  fall  upon  the  working 
man.  This  appears  to  me  to  be  the  main  cause  of 
the  increase  of  the  London  street  people,  and  one 
for  which  I  cindidly  confess  I  see  no  remedy. 


OP  THE  STREET-SELLERS  OF  SECOND-HAND  ARTICLES. 


I-  HATB  already  treated  of  the  street-commerce  in 
Mch  things  as  are  presented  to  the  public  in  the  form 
in  which  they  are  to  be  cooked,  eaten,  drank,  or  used. 


They  have  comprised  the  necessaries,  delicacies, 
or  luxuries  of  the  street;  they  have  been  either  the 
raw  food  or  preparations  ready  cooked  or  mixed  for 


6 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR, 


immediate  consximption,  as  in  the  case  of  the  street 
eatables  and  drinkables ;  or  else  they  were  the 
proceeds  of  taste  (or  its  substitute)  in  art  or  litera- 
ture, or  of  usefulness  or  ingenuity  in  manufacture. 

All  these  many  objects  of  street-commerce  may 
be  classified  in  one  well-known  word  ;  tliey  are 
bought  and  sold  first-hand.  I  have  next  to  deal 
with  the  second-hand  sellers  of  our  streets  ;  and 
in  this  division  perhaps  will  be  found  more  that  is 
novel,  curious,  and  interesting,  than  in  that  just 
completed. 

jyir.  Babbage,  in  liis  "Economy  of  Machinery 
and  Manufactures,"  says,  concerning  the  employ- 
ment of  materials  of  little  value  :  "  The  worn-out 
saucepan  and  tin-ware  of  our  kitchens,  when  beyond 
the  reach  of  the  tinker's  art,  are  not  utterly  worth- 
less. We  sometimes  meet  carts  loaded  with  old 
tin  kettles  and  worn-out  iron  coal-skuttles  traver- 
sing our  streets.  These  have  not  yet  completed 
their  useful  course  ;  the  less  corroded  parts  are 
cut  into  strips,  punched  with  small  holes,  and 
varnished  with  a  coarse  black  varnish  for  the  use 
of  the  trunk-maker,  who  protects  the  edges  and 
angles  of  his  boxes  with  them  ;  the  remainder  are 
conveyed  to  the  manufacturing  chemists  in  the 
outskirts,  who  employ  them  in  combination  with 
pyroligneous  acid,  in  making  a  black  dye  for  the 
use  of  calico-printeis." 

Mr.  Babbage  has  here  indicated  one  portion 
of  the  nature  of  the  street-trade  in  second- 
hand articles — the  application  of  worn-out  mate- 
rials to  a  new  purpose.  But  this  second-hand 
commerce  of  the  streets — for  a  street-commerce  it 
mainly  is,  both  in  selling  and  buying — has  a  far 
greater  extent  than  that  above  indicated,  and  many 
ramifications.  Under  the  present  head  I  shall 
treat  only  of  street  sellers,  unless  when  a  street 
purchase  may  be  so  intimately  connected  with  a 
street  sale  that  for  the  better  understanding  of  the 
subject  it  may  be  necessary  to  sketch  both.  Of 
the  Street-Buyers  and  the  Street-Finders, 
or  Collectors,  both  connected  with  the  second- 
hand trade,  I  shall  treat  separately. 

In  London,  where  many,  in  order  to  live,  struggle 
to  extract  a  meal  from  the  possession  of  an  article 
which  seems  utterly  worthless,  nothing  must  be 
wasted.  Many  a  thing  which  in  a  country  town 
is  kicked  by  the  penniless  out  of  their  path  even, 
or  examined  and  left  as  meet  only  for  the  scavenger's 
cart,  will  in  London  be  snatched  up  as  a  prize  ;  it 
is  money's  worth.  A  crushed  and  torn  bonnet,  for 
instance,  or,  better  still,  an  old  hat,  napless,  shape- 
less, crownless,  and  brimless,  will  be  picked  up  in 
the  street,  and  carefully  placed  in  a  bag  with 
similar  things  by  one  class  of  street-folk — the 
Street-Finders.  And  to  tempt  the  well-to-do  to 
$eU  their  second-hand  goods,  the  street-trader 
oflfers  the  barter  of  shapely  china  or  shining  glass 
vessels  ;  or  blooming  fuchsias  or  fragrant  geraniums 
for  "the  rubbish,"  or  else,  in  the  spirit  of  the 
hero  of  the  fairy  tale,  he  exchanges,  "  new  lamps 
for  old." 

Of  the  street  sale  of  second-hand  articles,  with 
all  the  collateral  or  incidental  matter  bearing  im- 
mediately on  the  subject,  I  shall  treat  under  the 
following  heads,  or  under  such  heads  as  really 


constitute  the  staple  of  the  business,  dismissing 
such  as  may  be  trifling  or  exceptional.  Of  these 
traffickers,  then,  there  are  five  classes,  the  mere 
enumeration  of  the  objects  of  their  traffic  being 
curious  enough  : — 

1.  Tlie  Street-Sellers  of  Old  Metal  A  Hides,  such 
as  knives,  forks,  and  butchers'  steels  ;  saws,  ham- 
mers, pincers,  files,  screw-drivers,  planes,  chisels, 
and  other  tools  (more  frequently  those  of  the 
workers  in  wood  than  of  other  artisans)  ;  old 
scissors  and  shears ;  locks,  keys,  and  hinges ; 
shovels,  fire-irons,  trivets,  chimney-cranes,  fen- 
ders, and  fire-guards ;  warming-pans  (but  rarely 
now) ;  flat  and  Italian  irons,  curling-tongs ;  rings, 
horse-shoes,  and  nails ;  coffee  and  tea-pots,  urns, 
trays,  and  canisters ;  pewter  measures  ;  scales  and 
weights  ;  bed-screws  and  keys  ;  candlesticks  and 
snuffers ;  niggards,  generally  called  niggers  (i.  e., 
false  bottoms  for  grates)  ;  tobacco  and  snuff-boxes 
and  spittoons ;  door-plates,  numbers,  knockers, 
and  escutcheons ;  dog-collars  and  dog-chains  (and 
other  chains)  ;  gridirons  ;  razors ;  coffee-mills ; 
lamps ;  swords  and  daggers ;  gun  and  pistol- 
barrels  and  locks  (and  occasionally  the  entire 
weapon)  ;  bronze  and  cast  metal  figures  ;  table, 
chair,  and  sofa  castors;  bell-pulls  and  bells ;  the 
larger  buckles  and  other  metal  (most  frequently 
brass)  articles  of  harness  furniture;  compositors' 
sticks  (the  depositories  of  the  type  in  the  first 
instance)  ;  the  multifarious  kinds  of  tin-wares ; 
stamps  ;  cork-screws  ;  barrel-taps  ;  ink-stands  ;  a 
multiplicity  of  culinary  vessels  and  of  old  metal  lids; 
footmen,  broken  machinery,  and  parts  of  machinery, 
as  odd  wheels,  and  screws  of  all  sizes,  &c.,  &c. 

2.  Tlie  Street-Sellers  of  Old  Linen,  Cotton,  and 
Woollen  Articles,  such  as  old  sheeting  for  towels; 
old  curtains  of  dimity,  muslin,  cotton,  or  moreen  ; 
carpeting;  blanketing  for  house-scouring  clothe; 
ticking  for  beds  and  pillows;  sacking  for  different 
purposes,  according  to  its  substance  and  quality; 
fringes  ;  and  stocking-legs  for  the  supply  of  "job- 
bing worsted,"  and  for  re-footing. 

I  may  here  observe  that  in  the  street-trade, 
second-hand  linen  or  cotton  is  often  made  to  pay 
a  double  debt.  The  shirt-collars  sold,  sometimes 
to  a  considerable  extent  and  very  cheap,  in  the 
street-markets,  are  made  out  of  linen  which  has 
previously  been  used  in  some  other  form ;  so  is  it 
with  white  waistcoats  and  other  habiliments.  Of 
the  street-folk  who  vend  such  wares  I  shall  speak 
chiefly  in  the  fourth  division  of  this  subject,  viz.  the 
second-hand  street-sellers  of  miscellaneous  articles. 

3.  The  Street-Sellers  of  Old  Glass  and  Crockery, 
including  the  variety  of  bottles,  odd,  or  in  sets, 
or  in  broken  sets ;  pans,  pitchers,  wash-hand 
basins,  and  other  crockery  utensils  ;  china  orna- 
ments ;  pier,  convex,  and  toilet  glfisses  (often 
without  the  frames)  ;  pocket  ink-bottles  ;  wine, 
beer,  and  liqueur  glasses ;  decanters ;  glass  fish- 
bowls  (occasionally);  salt-cellars;  sugar-basins; 
and  lamp  and  gas  glasses. 

4.  The  Street- Sellers  of  Miscellaneous  Articles. 
These  are  such  as  cannot  properly  be  classed  under 
any  of  the  three  preceding  heads,  and  include  a 
mass  of  miscellaneous  commodities  :  Accordions 
and  other  musical  instruments  ;    brushes   of  all 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


descriptions ;  shaving-boxes  and  razor-strops  ; 
baskets  of  many  kinds ;  stuffed  birds,  with  and 
without  frames;  pictures,  with  and  without 
frames ;  desks,  work-boxes,  tea-caddies,  and 
many  articles  of  old  furniture;  boot-jacks  and 
hooks  ;  shoe-horns  ;  cartouche-boxes  ;  pocket  and 
opera  glasses ;  rules,  and  measures  in  frames  ; 
iHickgammon,  and  chess  or  draught  boards  and 
men,  and  dice ;  boxes  of  dominoes  ;  cribbage- 
boards  and  boxes,  sometimes  with  old  packs  of 
cards  ;  pope-boards  (boards  used  in  playing  the 
game  of  "  Pope,"  or  "Pope  Joan,"  though  rarely 
Been  now);  "  tish,"  or  card  counters  of  bone,  ivory, 
or  mother  of  pearl  (an  equal  rarity) ;  microscopes 
(occasionally) ;  an  extensive  variety  of  broken  or 
£aded  things,  new  or  long  kept,  such  as  magic- 
lanterns,  dissected  maps  or  histories,  &c.,  from  the 
toy  warehouses  and  shops;  Dutch  clocks;  baro- 
meters ;  wooden  trays ;  shells ;  music  and  books 
(the  latter  being  often  odd  volumes  of  old  novels) ; 
tee-totums,  and  similar  playthings ;  ladies'  head- 
combs  ;  umbrellas  and  parasols  ;  fishing-rods  and 
nets ;  reins,  and  other  parts  of  cart,  gig,  and 
"  two-horse  "  harness ;  boxes  full  of  "  odds  and 
ends  "  of  old  leather,  such  as  water-pipes  ;  and  a 
mass  of  imperfect  metal  things,  which  had  "better 
be  described,"  said  an  old  dealer,  "  as  from  a 
needle  to  an  anchor," 

5.  The  Slreet-Sellers  of  Old  Apparel,  including 
the  body  habiliments,  constituting  alike  men's, 
women's,  boys',  girls',  and  infants'  attire  :  as  well 
as  hats,  caps,  gloves,  belts,  and  stockings  ;  shirts 
and  shirt-fronts  ("dickeys");  handkerchiefs, 
stocks,  and  neck-ties;  furs,  such  as  victorines, 
boas,  tippets,  and  edgings ;  beavers  and  bonnets  ; 
and  the  other  several,  and  sometimes  not  easily 
describable,  articles  whicij  constitute  female  fashion- 
able or  ordinary  wear, 

I  may  here  observe,  that  of  the  wares  which 
once  formed  a  portion  of  the  stock  of  the  street- 
sellers  of  the  fourth  and  fifth  divisions,  but  which 
are  now  no  longer  objects  of  street  sale,  were,  till 
within  the  last  few  years,  fans ;  back  and  shoulder 
boards  (to  make  girls  grow  straight  !) ;  several 
things  at  one  time  thought  indispensable  to  every 
well-nurtured  child,  such  as  a  coral  and  bells  ; 
\tt\U,  sashes,  scabbards,  epaulettes,  feathers  or 
plumes,  hard  leather  stocks,  and  other  indications 
of  the  volunteer,  militia,  and  general  military 
spirit  of  the  early  part  of  the  present  century. 

Before  proceeding  immediately  with  my  sub- 
ject, I  may  say  a  few  words  concerning  what  is, 
in  the  estimation  of  some,  a  second-hand  raHtier.  I 
I  allude  to  the  many  uses  to  which  that  which  is 
regarded,  and  indeed  termed,  "  ofFal,"  or  "  refuse," 
or  "  waste,"  is  put  in  a  populous  city.  This  may 
be  evidenced  in  the  multiform  uses  to  which  the 
"  affitl  "  of  the  animals  which  are  slaughtered  for 
our  use  are  put  It  is  still  more  curiously  shown 
in  the  us^-s  of  the  offal  of  the  animals  which  are 
killed,  not  for  our  use,  but  for  that  of  our  dogs 
and  caU;  and  to  this  part  of  the  subject  I  shall 
more  especially  confine  the  remarks  1  have  to 
make.  My  observations  on  the  uses  of  other 
waste  articles  will  be  found  in  another  place. 


What  in  the  butcher's  trade  is  considered  the 
offal  of  a  bullock,  was  explained  by  Mr.  Deputy 
Hicks,  before  the  last  Select  Committee  of  the 
House  of  Commons  on  Sniithtield  Market :  "  The 
carcass,"  he  said,  "as  it  hangs  clear  of  everything 
else,  is  the  carcass,  and  all  else  constitutes  the 
olfal." 

The  carcass  may  be  briefly  termed  the  four 
quarters,  whereas  the  offal  then  comprises  the 
hide,  which  in  the  average-sized  bullock  that  is 
slaughtered  in  London  is  worth  125.;  but  with  the 
hide  are  sold  the  horns,  which  are  worth  about 
\Qd.  to  the  comb-makers,  who  use  them  to  make 
their  "  tortoise-shell "  articles,  and  for  similar 
purposes.  The  hoofs  are  worth  2d.  to  the  giue- 
makers,  or  prussiate  of  potash  manufacturers. 
What  "  comes  out  of  a  bullock,"  to  use  the  trade 
term,  is  the  liver,  the  lights  (or  lungs),  the  stomach, 
the  intestinal  canal  (sometimes  3t)  yards  when 
extended),  and  the  gall  duct.  These  portions, 
with  the  legs  (called  "feet"  in  the  trade),  form 
what  is  styled  the  tripe-man's  portion,  and  are 
disposed  of  to  him  by  the  butcher  for  5s.  ^d. 
Separately,  the  value  of  the  liver  is  Sci.,  of  the 
lights,  Qd.  (both  for  dogs'-meat),  and  of  the  legs 
which  are  worked  into  tooth-brush  handles, 
dominoes,  &c.,  \s.  The  remaining  3a'.  id.  is  the 
worth  of  the  other  portion.  The  heart  averages 
rather  more  than  Is, ;  the  kidneys  the  same  ;  the 
head,  Is.  9rf.  ;  the  blood  (which  is  "  let  down  the 
drain  "  in  all  but  the  larger  slauijhtering  houses) 
li(i. (being  Zd.  for  9  gallons)  ;  the  tallow  (7  stone) 
14s.;  and  the  tail,  I  was  told,  '•  from  nothing  to 
2s.,"  averaging  about  GcZ, ;  the  tongue,  2s.  Qd. 
Thus  the  otfal  sells,  altogether,  first  hand,  for 
1/,  18s,  6rf. 

I  will  now  show  the  uses  to  which  what  is  far 
more  decidedly  pronounced  "  oUal,"  and  what  is 
much  more  "  second-hand  "  in  popular  estimation, 
viz.,  a  dead  horse,  is  put,  and  even  a  dead  horse's 
offal,  and  I  will  then  show  the  difference  in  this 
curious  trade  between  the  Parisian  and  London 
horse  offal. 

The  greatest  horse-slaughtering  establishments 
in  France  are  at  Montfaucon,  a  short  distance 
from  the  capital.  When  the  animal  has  been 
killed,  it  is  "  cut  up,"  and  the  choicer  portions  of 
the  flesh  are  eaten  by  the  work-people  of  the 
establishment,  and  by  the  hangers-on  and  jobbers 
who  haunt  the  locality  of  such  phices,  and  are 
often  men  of  a  desperate  character.  The  rest  of 
the  carcass  is  sold  for  the  feeding  of  dogs,  cats, 
pigs,  and  poultry,  a  portion  being  also  devoted  to 
purposes  of  manure.  The  flesh  on  a  horse  of 
average  size  and  fatness  is  350  lbs.,  which  sells 
for  1/.  12s.  6rf.  But  this  is  only  one  of  the  uses  of 
the  dead  animal. 

The  skin  is  sold  to  a  tanner  for  10s.  Qd.  The 
hoofs  to  a  manufacturer  of  sal  ammonia,  or  similar 
preparations,  or  of  Prussian  blue,  or  to  a  comb  or 
toy-maker,  for  Is.  Ad.  The  old  shoes  and  the 
shoe-nails  are  worth  2.id.  The  hair  of  the  mane 
and  tail  realizes  \^d.  The  tendons  are  disposed 
of,  either  fresh  or  dried,  to  glue-makers  for  M. — 
a  pound  of  dried  tendons  (separated  from  the 
muscles)  being  about  the  average  per  horse.     The 


B  8 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


bones  are  bought  by  the  turners,  cutlers,  fan- 
makers,  and  the  makers  of  ivory  black  and  sal 
ammoniac,  90  lbs.  being  an  average  weight  of  the 
animal's  bones,  and  realizing  2s.  The  intestines 
wrought  into  the  different  preparations  required  of 
the  gut-makers,  or  for  manure,  are  worth  2c?. 

The  blood  is  used  by  the  sugar-refiners,  and  by 
the  fatteners  of  poultry,  pigeons,  and  turkeys 
(which  devour  it  greedily),  or  else  for  manure. 
When  required  for  manure  it  is  dried — 20  lbs.  of 
dried  blood,  which  is  the  average  weight,  being 
Avorth  I,?.  9rf.  The  fat  is  removed  from  the  car- 
cass and  melted  down.  It  is  in  demand  for  the 
making  of  gas,  of  soap,  and  (when  very  fine)  of — 
bear's  grease  ;  also  for  the  dubbing  or  grease 
applied  to  harness  and  to  shoe-leather.  This  fat 
when  consumed  in  lamps  communicates  a  greater 
portion  of  heat  than  does  oil,  and  is  therefore 
preferred  by  the  makers  of  glass  toys,  and  by 
enamellers  and  polishers.  A  horse  at  Montfaucon 
ha^  been  known  to  yield  60  lbs.  of  fat,  but  this  is 
an  extreme  case ;  a  yield  of  12  lbs.  is  the  produce 
of  a  horse  in  fair  condition,  but  at  these  slaughter- 
houses there  are  so  many  lean  and  sorry  jades 
that  8  lbs.  may  be  taken  as  an  average  of  fat,  and 
at  a  value  of  Qd.  per  lb.  Nor  does  the  list  end 
here  ;  the  dead  and  putrid  flesh  is  made  to  teem 
with  life,  and  to  produce  food  for  other  living 
creatures.  A  pile  of  pieces  of  flesh,  six  inches  in 
height,  layer  on  layer,  is  slightly  covered  with  hay 
or  straw ;  the  flies  soon  deposit  their  eggs  in  the 
attractive  matter,  and  thus  maggots  are  bred,  the 
most  of  which  are  used  as  food  for  pheasants,  and 
in  a  smaller  degree  of  domestic  fowls,  and  as  baits 
for  fish.  These  maggots  give,  or  are  supposed  to 
give,  a  "  game  flavour "  to  poultry,  and  a  very 
"  high  "  flavour  to  pheasants.  One  horse's  flesh 
thus  produces  maggots  worth  Is.  bd.  The  total 
amount,  then,  realized  on  the  dead  horse,  which 
may  cost  lOs.  Qd.,  is  as  follows  : — 

£  s.  d. 
The  flesh  .  .  .  1  12  6 
The  skill  .  .  .  0  10  6 
The  hoofs  .  .  .  0  14 
The  shoes  and  nails  .         0     0     2;^ 

The  mane  and  tail  .         .         0     0     1^ 
The  tendons  .         .         0     0     3 

The  bones       .         .         .         0     2     0 
The  intestines  .         .         0     0     2 

The  blood        .         .         .         0     19 
The  fat  .         .         .         0     4     0 

The  maggots  .         .         .         0     15 


£2  14  3 
The  carcass  of  a  French  horse  is  also  made 
available  in  another  way,  and  which  relates  to  a 
subject  I  have  lately  treated  of — the  destruction  of 
rats ;  but  this  is  not  a  regularly-accruing  emolu- 
ment. Montfaucon  swarms  with  rats,  and  to  kill 
them  the  carcass  of  a  horse  is  placed  in  a  room, 
into  which  the  rats  gain  access  through  openings  in 
the  floor  contrived  for  the  purpose.  At  night  the 
rats  are  lured  by  their  keenness  of  scent  to  the 
room,  and  lured  in  numbers;  the  openings  are 
then  closed,  and  they  are  prisoners.  In  one  room 
16,000  were  killed   in  four  weeks.     The  Paris 


furriers  gave  from  three  to  four  francs  for  100 
skins,  80  that,  taking  the  average  at  3«.  of  our 
money,  16,000  rat-skins  would  return  2il. 

In  London  the  uses  of  the  dead  horse's  flesh, 
bones,  blood,  &c.,  are  different. 

Horse-flesh  is  not — as  yet — a  portion  of  human 
food  in  this  country.  In  a  recent  parliamentary 
inquirj'',  witnesses  were  examined  as  to  whether 
horse-flesh  was  used  by  the  sausage-mnkers. 
There  was  some  presumption  that  such  might  be 
the  case,  but  no  direct  evidence.  I  found,  how- 
ever, among  butchers  who  had  the  best  means  of 
knowing,  a  strong  conviction  that  such  ^pas  the 
case.  One  highly-respectable  tradesman  told  me 
he  was  as  certain  of  it  as  that  it  was  the  month 
of  June,  though,  if  called  upon  to  produce  legal 
evidence  proving  either  that  such  was  the  sausage- 
makers'  practice,  or  that  this  was  the  month  of 
June,  he  might  fail  in  both  instances. 

I  found  among  street-people  who  dealt  in  pro- 
visions a  strong,  or,  at  any  rate,  a  strongly-ex- 
pressed, opinion  that  the  tongues,  kidneys,  and 
hearts  of  horses  were  sold  as  those  of  oxen.  One 
man  told  me,  somewhat  triumphantly,  as  a  result 
of  his  ingenuity  in  deduction,  that  he  had  thoughts 
at  one  time  of  trying  to  establish  himself  in  a 
cats'-meat  walk,  and  made  inquiries  into  the  nature 
of  the  calling  :  "I  'm  satisfied  the  'osses'  arts,"  ho 
said,  "  is  sold  for  beastesses' ;  'cause  you  see,  sir, 
there 's  nothing  as  'ud  be  better  liked  for  favour- 
ite cats  and  pet  dogs,  than  a  nice  piece  of  'art,  but 
yen  do  you  see  the  'osses'  'arts  on  a  barrow "?  If 
they  don't  go  to  the  cats,  vere  does  they  go  to  ] 
Vy,  to  the  Christians." 

I  am_  assured,  however,  by  tradesmen  whose 
interest  (to  say  nothing  of  other  considerations) 
would  probably  make  them  glad  to  expose  such 
practices,  that  this  substitution  of  the  equine  for 
the  bovine  heart  is  not  attempted,  and  is  hardly 
possible.  The  bullock's  heart,  kidneys,  and 
tongue,  are  so  different  in  shape  (the  heart,  more 
especially),  and  in  the  colour  of  the  fat,  while  the 
rough  tip  of  the  ox's  tongue  is  not  found  in  that  of 
the  horse,  that  this  second-hand,  or  offal  kind  of 
animal  food  could  not  be  palmed  off  upon  any  one 
who  had  ever  purchased  the  heart,  kidneys,  or 
tongue  of  an  ox.  "  If  the  horse's  tongue  be  used 
as  a  substitute  for  that  of  any  other,"  said  one 
butcher  to  me,  "it  is  for  the  dried  reindeer's  — 
a  savoury  dish  for  the  breakfast  table  !"  Since 
writing  the  above,  I  have  had  convincing  proof 
given  me  that  the  horses'  tongues  are  cured  and 
sold  as  ''neats."  The  heart  and  kidneys  are  also 
palmed,  I  find,  for  those  of  oxen  !  !  Thus,  in  one 
respect,  there  is  a  material  difference  between 
the  usages,  in  respect  of  this  food,  between  Paris 
and  London. 

One  tradesman,  in  a  large  way  of  business — 
with  many  injunctions  that  I  should  make  no 
allusion  that  miglit  lead  to  his  being  known,  as  he 
said  it  might  be  his  ruin,  even  though  he  never 
slaughtered  the  meat  he  sold,  but  was,  iu  fact,  a 
dead  salesman  or  a  vendor  of  meat  consigned  to 
him — one  tradesman,  I  say,  told  me  that  he  fan- 
cied there  was  an  unreasonable  objection  to  the 
eating  of  horse-flesh  among  us.     The  horse  was 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


9 


quite  afi  dainty  in  his  food  as  the  ox,  he  was 
quite  as  graminivorous,  and  shrunk  more,  from  a 
nicer  sense  of  smell,  from  anythinar  pertaining  to  a 
contact  with  animal  food  than  did  the  ox.  The 
principal  objection  lies  in  the  number  of  diseased 
horses  sold  at  the  knackers.  My  informant  rea- 
soned only  from  analogy,  as  he  had  never  tasted 
horse-flesh ;  but  a  great-uncle  of  his,  he  told  me, 
had  relished  it  highly  in  the  peninsular  war. 

The  uses  to  which  a  horse's  carcass  are  put  in 
London  are  these : — The  skin,  for  tanning,  sells  for 
6«.  as  a  low  average ;  the  hoofs,  for  glue,  are 
worth  Id. ;  the  shoes  and  nails,  l^^d.  ;  the  mane 
and  tail,  \\d.  ;  the  bones,  which  in  London  (as 
it  was  described  to  me)  are  "  cracked  up "  for 
manure,  bring  1*.  Qd. ;  the  fat  is  melted  down 
and  used  for  cart-grease  and  common  harness 
oil ;  one  person  acquainted  with  the  trade  thought 
that  the  average  yield  of  fat  was  10  lbs.  per 
horse  ("taking  it  low"),  another  that  it  was 
12  lbs.  ("taking  it  square"),  so  that  if  11  lbs. 
be  accepted  as  an  average,  the  fat,  at  2rf.  per  lb., 
would  realize  1«.  lOrf.  Of  the  tendons  no  use  is 
made ;  of  the  blood  none ;  and  no  maggots  are 
reared  upon  putrid  horse-Hesh,  but  a  butcher,  who 
had  been  twenty  years  a  farmer  also,  told  me  that 
he  knew  from  experience  that  there  was  nothing 
so  good  as  maggots  for  the  fattening  of  poultry, 
and  he  thought,  from  what  I  told  him  of  maggot- 
breeding  in  Moiitfaucon,  that  we  were  behind  the 
French  in  this  respect. 

.  Thus  the  English  dead  horse— the  vendor  re- 
ceiving on  an  average  1^.  from  the  knacker, — 
realizes  the  following  amount,  without  including 
the  knacker's  profit  in  disposing  of  the  flesh  to 
the  cats'-meat  man ;  but  computing  it  merely  at 
2/.  we  have  the  subjoined  receipts  : — 

X,     8      d. 
The  flesh  (averaging  2  cwt., 

sold  at  2irf.  per  lb.  .         .200 
The  skin    .         .         .         .060 
The  hoofs  .         .         .        .002 
The  shoes  and  nails     .         .     0     0     1^ 
The  bones  .         .         .016 

The  fat      .         .         .         .     0     1  10 
The  tendons        .         .         .000 

The  tongue,  &c.  .         , ]   ] 

The  blood  .        .        .        .000 
The  intestines    .         .         .000 


X'2  9  74 
The  French  dead  horse,  then,  is  made  a  source 
of  nearly  5*.  higher  receipt  than  the  English. 
On  my  inquiring  the  reason  of  this  difference,  and 
wh/  the  blood,  &c.,  were  not  made  available,  I 
was  told  that  the  demand  by  the  Prussian  blue 
manufacturers  and  the  sugar  refiners  was  so  fully 
supplied,  and  over-supplied,  from  the  great  cattle 
staiighter-honses,  that  the  private  butchers,  fur  the 
trifling  sum  to  be  gained,  let  tiie  blood  be  wasted. 
One  bullock  lUughterer  in  Fox  and  Knot-yard, 
who  kills  180  cattle  in  a  week,  receives  only  \l. 
for  the  blood  of  the  whole  number,  which  is  re- 
ceived in  a  well  in  the  slaughterhouse.  The 
amount  paid  for  blood  a  few  year's  back  was  more 
tbao  double  \U  present  rate.    Under  these  circum- 


stances, I  was  told,  it  would  be  useless  trying  to 
turn  the  wasted  offal  of  a  horse  to  any  profitiible 
purpose.  There  is,  I  am  told,  on  an  average, 
1000  horses  slaughtered  every  week  in  London, 
and  tliis,  at  21.  IO5.  each  animal,  would  make  the 
value  of  the  dead  horses  of  the  metropolis  amount 
to  130,000/.  per  annum. 

Were  it  not  that  I  might  be  dwelling  too  long 
on  the  subject,  I  might  point  out  how  the  otfal  of 
the  skins  was  made  to  subserve  other  purposes  from 
the  Bermondsey  tiin-yards ;  and  how  the  parings 
and  scrapings  went  to  the  makers  of  glue  and  size, 
and  the  hair  to  the  builders  to  mix  with  lime, 
&c.,&c. 

I  may  instance  another  thing  in  which  the 
worth  of  what  in  many  places  is  valueless  refuse 
is  exemplified,  in  the  matter  of  "  waste,"  as  waste 
paper  is  always  called  in  the  trade.  Paper  in  all 
its  glossiest  freshness  is  but  a  reproduction  of  what 
had  become  in  some  measure  "  waste,"  viz.  the 
rags  of  the  cotton  or  linen  fabric  after  serving  their 
original  purpose.  There  is  a  body  of  men  in 
London  who  occupy  themselves  entirely  in  col- 
lecting waste  paper.  It  is  no  matter  of  what  kind; 
a  small  prayer-book,  a  once  perfumed  and  welcome 
love-note,  lawyers'  or  tailors'  bills,  acts  of  parlia- 
ment, and  double  sheets  of  the  Times,  form  portions 
of  the  waste  dealer's  stock.  Tons  upon  tons  are 
thus  consumed  yearly.  Books  of  every  descrip- 
tion are  ingredients  of  this  wjiste,  and  in  every 
language;  modern  poems  or  pamphlets  and  old 
romances  (perfect  or  imperfect),  Shakespeare, 
Moliere,  Bibles,  music,  histories,  stories,  magazines, 
tracts  to  convert  the  heathen  or  to  prove  how 
easily  and  how  immensely  our  national  and  indivi- 
dual wealth  might  be  enhanced,  the  prospectuses 
of  a  thousand  companies,  each  certain  to  prove  a 
mine  of  wealth,  schemes  to  pay  off  the  national 
debt,  or  recommendations  to  wipe  it  off,  auctioneers' 
catalogues  and  long-kept  letters,  children's  copy- 
books and  last  century  ledgers,  printed  effusions 
which  have  progressed  no  further  than  the  unfolded 
sheets,  uncut  works  and  books  mouldy  from  age — 
all  these  things  are  found  in  the  insatiate  bag  of 
the  waste  collector,  who  of  late  has  been  worried 
because  he  could  not  supply  enough  !  "  I  don't 
know  how  it  is,  sir,"  said  one  waste  collector,  with 
whom  I  had  some  conversation  on  the  subject  of 
street-sold  books,  with  which  business  he  was  also 
connected,  "  I  can't  make  it  out,  but  paper  gets 
scarcer  or  else  1  'm  out  of  luck.  Just  at  this  tmie 
my  family  and  me  really  couldn't  live  on  my  waste 
if  we  had  to  depend  entirely  upon  it." 

I  am  assured  that  in  no  place  in  the  world  is 
this  traffic  carried  on  to  anything  approaching  the 
extent  that  it  is  in  London.  When  I  treat  of  the 
street-buyers  I  shall  have  some  curious  information 
to  publibh  on  the  subject.  I  do  but  allude  to  it 
here  as  one  strongly  illustrative  of  "second-hand" 
appliances. 

Of  the  Stbeet-Sbllers  of  Second-Hand 

Metal  Articles. 

I  UAVB  in  the  preceding  remarks  specified  the 

wares  sold  by  the  vendors  of   the  second-hand 

articles  of   metal   manufacture,  or   (as    they  are 


10 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


called  in  the  streets)  the  "  old  ructal "  men.  The 
several  articles  I  have  specified  may  never  be  all 
found  at  one  time  upon  one  stall,  but  they  are 
all  found  on  the  respective  stalls.  "  Aye,  sir," 
said  one  old  man  whom  I  conversed  with,  "  and 
there's  more  things  every  now  and  then  comes  to 
the  stalls,  and  there  used  to  be  still  more  when  I 
were  young,  but  I  can't  call  them  all  to  mind,  for 
times  is  worse  with  me,  and  so  my  memory  fails. 
But  there  used  to  be  a  good  many  bayonets,  and 
iron  tinder-boxes,  and  steels  for  striking  lights;  I 
can  remember  them." 

Some  of  the  sellers  have  strong  heavy  barrows, 
which  they  wheel  from  street  to  street.  As  this  \ 
requires  a  considerable  exertion  of  strength,  such  ; 
part  of  the  trade  is  carried  on  by  strong  men, 
generally  of  the  costermongering  class.  The 
weight  to  be  propelled  is  about  300  lbs.  Of  this 
class  there  are  now  a  few,  rarely  more  than  half-a- 
dozen,  wiio  sell  on  commission  in  the  way  I  have 
described  concerning  the  swag-barrowmen. 

These  are  the  "  old  metal  swags "  of  street 
classification,  but  their  remuneration  is  less  fixed 
than  that  of  the  other  swag-barrowmen.  It  is  some- 
times a  quarter,  sometimes  a  third,  and  some- 
times even  a  half  of  the  amount  taken.  The 
men  carrying  on  this  traffic  are  the  servants  of 
the  marine-store  dealers,  or  vendors  of  old  metal 
articles,  who  keep  shops.  If  one  of  these  people 
be  "  lumbered  up,"  that  is,  if  lie  find  his  stock 
increase  too  rapidly,  lie  furnishes  a  barrow,  and 
sends  a  man  into  the  streets  with  it,  to  sell  what 
the  shopkeeper  may  find  to  be  excessive.  Some- 
times if  the  tradesman  can  gain  only  the  merest 
trifle  more  than  lie  could  gain  from  the  people 
who  buy  for  the  melting-pot,  he  is  satisfied. 

There  is,  or  perhaps  was,  an  opinion  prevalent 
that  the  street  "  old  metals  "  in  this  way  of  busi- 
ness got  rid  of  stolen  goods  in  such  a  manner  as 
the  readiest  mode  of  sale,  some  of  which  were 
purposely  rusted,  and  sold  at  almost  any  price, 
so  that  they  brought  but  a  profit  to  the  "  fence," 
whose  payment  to  the  thief  was  little  more  than 
the  price  of  old  metal  at  the  foundry.  I  under- 
stand, however,  that  this  course  is  not  now  pur- 
sued, nor  is  it  likely  that  it  ever  was  pursued  to 
any  extent.  The  street-seller  is  directly  under 
the  eye  of  the  police,  and  when  there  is  a  search 
for  stolen  goods,  it  is  not  very  likely  that  they 
would  be  paraded,  however  battered  or  rusted  for 
the  purpose,  before  men  who  possessed  descriptions 
of  all  goods  stolen.  Until  the  establishment  of 
the  present  sj-^stem  of  police,  this  might  have  been 
an  occasional  practice.  One  street-seller  had  even 
heard,  and  he  "  had  it  from  the  man  what  did  it," 
that  a  last-maker's  shop  was  some  years  back 
broken  into  in  the  expectation  that  money  would 
be  met  with,  but  none  was  found  ;  arid  as  the 
thieves  could  not  bring  away  such  heavy  lumbering 
things  as  lasts,  they  cursed  their  ill-luck,  and 
brought  away  such  tools  as  they  could  stow  about 
their  persons,  and  cover  with  their  loose  great 
coats.  These  were  the  large  knives,  fixed  to 
swivels,  and  resembling  a  small  scythe,  used  by 
the  artizan  to  rough  hew  the  block  of  beech- 
wood  ;  and  a  variety  of  excellent  rasps  and  files 


(for  they  must  be  of  the  best),  necessary  for  the 
completion  of  the  last.  These  very  tools  were,  in 
ten  days  after  the  robbery,  sold  from  a  street- 
barrow. 

The  second-hand  metal  goods  are  sold  from 
stalls  as  well  as  from  barrows,  and  these  stalls  are 
often  tended  by  women  whose  husbands  may  be 
in  some  other  branch  of  street-commerce.  One  of 
these  stalls  I  saw  in  the  care  of  a  stout  elderly 
Jewess,  who  was  fast  asleep,  nodding  over  her 
locks  and  keys.  She  was  awakened  by  the 
passing  policeman,  lest  her  stock  should  be  pil- 
fered by  the  boys  :  "  Come,  wake  up,  mother,  and 
shake  yourself,"  he  said,  "  I  shall  catch  a  weazel 
asleep  next." 

Some  of  these  barrows  and  stalls  are  heaped 
with  the  goods,  and  some  are  very  scantily  sup- 
plied, but  the  barrows  are  by  far  the  best  stocked. 
Many  of  them  (especially  the  swag)  look  like 
collections  of  the  different  stages  of  rust,  from  its 
incipient  spots  to  its  full  possession  of  the  entire 
metal.  But  amongst  these  seemingly  useless 
things  there  is  a  gleam  of  brass  or  plated  ware. 
On  one  barrow  I  saw  an  old  brass  door-plate,  on 
which  was  engraven  the  name  of  a  late  learned 
judge,  Baron  B ;  another  had  formerly,  an- 
nounced the  residence  of  a  dignitary  of  the  church, 
the  Rev.  Mr. . 

The  second-hand  metal-sellers  are  to  be  seen 
in  all  the  street-markets,  especially  on  the  Saturday 
nights;  also  in  Poplar,  Limehouse,  and  the  Com- 
mercial-road, in  Golden-lane,  and  in  Old-street 
and  Old-street-road,  St.  Luke's,  in  Hoxton  and 
Shoreditch,  in  the  Westminster  Broadway,  and 
the  Whitechapel-road,  in  Rosemary-lane,  and  in 
the  district  where  perhaps  every  street  callintr  is 
pursued,  but  where  some  special  street-trades 
seem  peculiar  to  the  genius  of  the  place,  in  Petti- 
coat-lane. A  person  unacquainted  with  the  last- 
named  locality  may  have  formed  an  opinion  that 
Petticoat-lane  is  merely  a  lane  or  street.  But 
Petticoat-lane  gives  its  name  to  a  little  district. 
It  embraces  Sandys-row,  Artillery-passage,  Artil- 
lery-lane, Frying-pan-alley,  Catherine  Wheel- 
alley,  Tripe-yard,  Fisher's-alley,  Wentworth- 
street,  Harper's-alley,  Marlborough-court,  Broad- 
place,  Providence-place,  Ellison-street,  Swan-court, 
Little  Love-court,  Hutchinsonstreet,  Little  Mid- 
dlesex-street, Hebrew-place,  Boar's-head-yard, 
Black-horse-yard,  ]\Iiddlesex-street,  Stoney-lane, 
Meeting-house-yard,  Gravel-lane,  White-street, 
Culler-street,  and  Borer's-lane,  until  the  wayfarer 
emerges  into  what  appears  the  repose  and  spa- 
ciousness of  Devonshire-square,  Bishopsgate-street, 
up  Borer's-lane,  or  into  what  in  the  contrast 
really  looks  like  the  aristocratic  thoroughfare  of 
the  Aldgate  High-street,  down  Middlesex-street; 
or  into  Houndsditch  through  the  halls  of  the  Old 
Clothes  Exchange. 

All  these  narrow  streets,  lanes,  rows,  pas- 
sages, alleys,  yards,  courts,  and  places,  are  the 
sites  of  the  street-trade  carried  on  in  this  quarter. 
The  whole  neighbourhood  rings  with  street  cries, 
many  uttered  in  those  strange  east-end  Jewish 
tones  which  do  not  sound  like  English.  Mixed 
with    the   incessant  invitations  to   buy  Hebrew 


A    VIEW    IN    ROSEMARY-LANE. 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ill 


dainties,  or  the  "  sheepest  pargains,"  is  occasion- 
ally heard  the  guttural  utterance  of  the  Erse 
tongue,  for  the  "  native  Irish,"  as  they  are  some- 
times called,  are  iu  possession  of  some  portion  of 
the  street-traffic  of  Petticoat-lane,  the  original  Rag 
Fair.  The  savour  of  the  place  is  moreover  peculiar. 
There  is  fresh  fish,  and  dried  fish,  and  fish  being 
ffied  in  a  style  peculiar  to  the  Jews  ;  there  is  the 
fustiness  of  old  clothes ;  there  is  the  odour  from 
the  pans  on  which  (still  in  the  Jewish  fashion) 
frizzle  and  hiss  pieces  of  meat  and  onions ;  pud- 
dings are  boiling  and  enveloped  in  steam ;  cakes 
with  strange  names  are  hot  from  the  oven  ;  tubs 
of  big  pickled  cucumbers  or  of  onions  give  a  sort 
of  acidity  to  the  atmosphere ;  lemons  and  oranges 
abound ;  and  altogether  the  scene  is  not  only  such 
88  can  only  be  seen  in  London,  but  only  such  as 
can  be  seen  in  this  one  part  of  the  metropolis. 

When  I  treat  of  the  street-Jews,  I  shall  have 
information  highly  curious  to  communicate,  and 
when  I  come  to  the  fifth  division  of  my  present  i 
subject,  I  shall  more  particularly  describe  Petticoat-  \ 
lane,   as   the   head-quarters   of   the   second-hand  j 
clothes  business. 

I  have  here  alluded  to  the  character  of  this 
quarter  as  being  one  much  resorted  to  formerly, 
and  still  largely  used  by  the  sellers  of  second- 
hand metal  goods.  Here  I  was  informed  that  a 
■trong-built  man,  known  as  Jack,  or  (appropriately 
enough)  as  Iron  Jack,  had,  until  his  death  six  or 
■even  years  ago,  one  of  the  best-stocked  barrows 
in  London.  This,  in  spite  of  remonstrances,  and 
by  a  powerful  exercise  of  his  strength,  the  man 
lilted,  as  it  were,  on  to  the  narrow  foot-path, 
and  every  passer-by  had  his  attention  directed 
almost  perforce  to  the  contents  of  the  barrow,  for 
he  must  make  a  "  detour"  to  advance  on  iiis  way. 
One  of  this  man's  favourite  pitches  was  close  to 
the  lofty  walls  of  what,  before  the  change  in  their 
charter,  was  one  of  the  East  India  Company's 
vast  warehouses.  The  contrast  to  any  one  who 
indulged  a  thought  on  the  subject — and  there  is 
great  food  for  thought  in  Petticoat-lane — was 
•triking  enough.  Here  towered  the  store-house 
of  costly  teas,  and  silks,  and  spices,  and  indigo  ; 
while  at  its  foot  was  carried  on  the  most  minute, 
and  apparently  worthless  of  all  street-trades,  rusty 
icrews  and  nails,  such  as  only  few  would  care  to 
pick  up  in  the  street,  being  objects  of  earnest 
bargaining  ! 

An  experienced  man  in  the  business,  who 
thought  be  was  *'  turned  50,  or  somewhere  about 
that,"  gave  me  the  following  account  of  his  trade, 
his  customers,  &c. 

"  I  've  been  in  roost  street-trades,"  he  said, "  and 
was  bom  to  it,  like,  for  my  mother  was  a  rag- 
gatherer — not  a  bad  business  once— and  I  helped 
ber.  I  never  saw  my  father,  but  he  was  a  soldier, 
and  it's  supposed  lust  his  life  in  foreign  parts. 
Mo,  I  don't  remember  ever  having  heard  what 
foreign  part*,  and  it  don't  matter.  Well,  perhaps, 
this  if  about  as  tidy  a  trade  for  a  bit  of  bread  as 
any  that 's  going  now.  Perhaps  selling  iish  may 
be  better,  but  that 's  to  a  man  what  knows  fish 
well.  I  can't  say  I  ever  did.  1  'm  more  a  dab 
at  cooking  it  (with  a  laugh).     I  like  a  bloater  best 


on  what 's  .in  Irish  gridiron.  Do  you  know  what 
that  is,  sirl  I  know,  though  I'm  not  Irish,  but 
I  married  an  Irish  wife,  and  as  good  a  woman  as 
ever  was  a  wife.  It's  done  on  the  tongs,  sir,  laid 
across  the  fire,  and  the  bloater  's  laid  across  the 
tongs.  Some  says  it's  best  turned  and  turned 
very  quick  on  the  coals  themselves,  but  the  tongs 
is  best,  for  you  can  raise  or  lower."  [My  infor- 
mant seemed  interested  in  his  account  of  this  and 
other  modes  of  cookery,  which  I  need  not  detail.] 
"  This  is  really  a  very  trying  trade.  0^,  I  mean 
it  tries  a  man's  patience  so.  Why,  it  was  in 
Easter  week  a  man  dressed  like  a  gentleman — but 
I  don't  think  he  was  a  real  gentleman— looked 
out  some  bolts,  and  a  hammer  head,  and  other 
things,  odds  and  ends,  and  they  came  to  lQ\d. 
He  said  he  'd  give  6</.  *  Sixpence  ! '  says  I;  '  why 
d'you  think  I  stole 'em  V  *  Well,' says  he, 'if 
I  didn't  think  you  'd  stole  'em,  I  shouldn't  have 
come  to  youJ  I  don't  think  he  was  joking. 
Well,  sir,  we  got  to  high  words,  and  I  said,  '  Then 
I  'm  d — d  if  you  have  them  for  less  than  Is.* 
And  a  bit  of  a  crowd  began  to  gather,  they  was 
most  boys,  but  the  p'liceman  came  up,  as  slow  as 
you  please,  and  so  my  friend  flings  down  \s.,  and 
puts  the  things  in  his  pocket  and  marches  off, 
with  a  few  boys  to  keep  him  company.  That 's 
the  way  one's  temper  's  tried.  Well,  it 's  hard  to 
say  what  sells  best.  A  Intch-lock  and  keys  goes 
off  quick.  I  've  had  them  from  2d.  to  Qd. ;  but 
it's  only  the  lower-priced  things  as  sells  now  in 
any  trade.  Bolts  is  a  fairish  slock,  and  so  is  all 
sorts  of  tools.  Well,  not  saws  so  much  as  such 
things  as  screwdrivers,  or  hammers,  or  choppers, 
or  tools  that  if  they  're  rusty  people  can  clean  up 
theirselves.  Saws  ain't  so  easy  to  manage  ;  bed- 
keys  is  good.  No,  I  don't  clean  the  metal  up 
unless  it  s  very  bad  ;  I  think  things  don't  sell  so 
well  that  way.  People 's  jealous  that  they  're 
just  done  up  on  purpose  to  deceive,  though  they 
may  cost  only  \d.  or  2rf.  There  's  that  cheese- 
cutter  now,  it 's  getting  rustier  and  there  '11  be 
very  likely  a  better  chance  to  sell  it.  This  is  how 
it  is,  sir,  1  know.  You  see  if  a  man  's  going  to 
buy  old  metal,  and  he  sees  it  all  rough  and  rusty, 
he  says  to  himself,  *  Well,  there 's  no  gammon  | 
about  it;  I  can  just  see  what  it  is.'  Then  folks 
like  to  clean  up  a  thing  theirselves,  and  it 's  as  if 
it  was  something  made  from  their  own  cleverness. 
That  was  just  my  feeling,  sir,  when  I  bought  old 
metals  for  my  own  use,  before  I  was  in  the  trade, 
and  I  goes  by  that.  O,  working  people  's  by  far 
my  best  customers.  Many  of  'cm 's  very  fond  of 
jobbing  about  their  rooms  or  their  houses,  and  they 
come  to  such  as  me.  Tiien  a  many  has  fancies 
for  pigeons,  or  rabbits,  or  poultry,  or  dogs,  and 
they  mostly  make  up  the  places  for  them  their- 
selves, and  as  money's  an  object,  why  them  sort 
ot  fancy  people  buys  hinges,  and  locks,  and  tcrewi, 
and  hammers,  and  what  they  want  of  me.  A 
clever  mechanic  can  turn  his  hand  to  most  things 
that  he  wants  for  his  own  use.  I  know  a  shoe- 
maker that  makes  beautiful  rabbit-hutches  and 
sells  them  along  with  his  prize  cattle,  as  I  calls 
his  great  big  lung-eared  rabbits.  Perhaps  I  take 
2i.  Qd.  or  Zs.  a  day,  and  it 's  about  half  profit. 


12 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Yes,  this  time  of  the  year  I  make  good  10s.  6rf. 
a  week,  but  in  winter  not  Is.  a  day.  That 
would  be  very  poor  pickings  for  two  people 
to  live  on,  and  I  can't  do  without  my  drop 
of  beer,  but  my  wife  has  constant  work  with 
a  first-rate  laundress  at  Mile  End,  and  so  we  rub 
on,  for  we  'vc  no  family  living." 

This  informant  told  nie  further  of  the  way  in 
which  the  old  metal  stocks  sold  in  tlie  streets 
were  provided  ;  but  that  branch  of  the  subject 
relates  to  street-buying.  Some  of  the  street-sellers, 
however,  buy  their  stocks  of  the  shopkeepers, 

I  find  a  difficulty  in  estimating  the  number  of 
the  second-hand  metal-ware  street-sellers.  Many 
of  the  stalls  or  barrows  are  the  property  of  the 
marine-store  shopkeepers,  or  old  metal  dealers 
(marine  stores  being  about  the  only  things 
the  marine-store  men  do  not  sell),  and  these 
are  generally  placed  near  the  shop,  being 
indeed  a  portion  of  its  contents  out  of  door^s. 
Some  of  the  marine-store  men  (a  class  of  traders, 
by  the  by,  not  superior  to  street-sellers,  making 
no  "  odious "  comparison  as  to  the  honesty  of 
the  two),  when  they  have  purchased  largely — the 
refuse  iron  for  instance  after  a  house  has  been 
pulled  down — establish  two  or  three  pitches  in  the 
street,  confiding  the  stalls  or  barrows  to  their 
wives  and  children.  I  was  told  by  several  in  the 
trade  that  there  were  200  old  metal  sellers  in  the 
streets,  but  from  the  best  information  at  my  com- 
mand not  more  than  50  appear  to  be  strictly 
s<ree^selle^s,  unconnected  with  shop-keeping. 
Estimating  a  weekly  receipt,  per  individual,  of 
155.  (half  being  protit),  the  yearly  street  outlay 
among  this  body  alone  amounts  to  1950/, 

Of  the  Street-Selleks  of  Second-Hand 

Metal  Trays,  &c. 

There  are  still  some  few  portions    of   the    old 

metal  trade  in  the  streets  which  require  specific 

mention. 

Among  these  is  the  sale  of  second-hand  trays, 
occasionally  with  such  things  as  bread-baskets. 
Instead  of  these  wares,  however,  being  matters  of 
daily  traffic,  they  are  offered  in  the  streets  only  at 
intervals,  and  generally  on  the  Saturday  and 
Monday  evenings,  while  a  few  are  hawked  to 
public-houses.  An  Irishman,  a  rather  melancholy 
looking  man,  but  possessed  of  some  humour,  gave 
me  the  following  account.  His  dress  was  a  worn 
suit,  such  as  masons  work  in  ;  but  I  have  seldom 
seen  so  coarse,  and  never  on  an  Irishman  of  his 
class,  except  on  a  Sunday,  so  clean  a  shirt,  and  he 
made  as  free  a  display  of  it  as  if  it  were  the 
choicest  cambric.  He  washed  it,  he  told  me,  with 
his  own  hands,  as  he  had  neither  wife,  nor  mo- 
ther, nor  sister.  "  I  was  a  cow-keeper's  man, 
j-our  honour,"  he  said,  "  and  he  sent  milk  to 
Dublin,  I  thought  I  might  do  betthur,  and  I  got 
to  Liverpool,  ai.a  walked  here.  Have  I  done 
betthur,  is  it  ]  Sorry  a  betthur.  Would  I  like 
to  returren  to  Dublin  ?  Well,  perhaps,  plaze  God, 
I  '11  do  betthur  here  yit.  I  've  sould  a  power  of 
different  things  in  tlie  sthreets,  but  I  'm  off  for 
counthry  work  now.  I  have  a  few  thcrrays  left 
if  your  honour  wants  such  a  thing.     I  first  sould 


a  few  for  a  man  I  lodged  along  wid  in  Kent-street, 
when  he  was  sick,  and  so  I  got  to  know  the 
therrade.  He  tould  me  to  say,  and  it  's  the 
therruth,  if  anybody  said,  '  They're  only  second- 
hand,' that  they  was  all  the  betthur  for  that,  for 
if  they  hadn't  been  real  good  therrays  at  first, 
they  would  niver  have  lived  to  be  second-hand  ones. 
I  calls  the  bigghur  thcrrays  butlers,  and  the 
smhaller,  waithers.  It's  a  poor  therrade.  One 
woman  '11  say,  '  Pooh  !  ould-fashioned  things.' 
'  Will,  thin,  ma'am,'  I  '11  say,  'a  good  thing  like 
this  is  niver  ould-fashioned,  no  more  than  the 
bhutiful  mate  and  berrid,  and  the  bhutiful  new 
praties  a  coming  in,  that  you  '11  be  atin  off  of  it, 
and  thratin'  your  husband  to,  God  save  him.  No 
lady  iver  goes  to  supper  widout  her  therray.' 
Yes,  indeed,  thin,  and  it  is  a  poor  therrade.  It 's 
tlie  bhutiful  therrays  I  've  sould  for  Qd.  I  buys 
them  of  a  shop  which  dales  in  sich  things.  The 
perrofit  !  Sorry  a  perrofit  is  there  in  it  at  all  at 
ail ;  but  I  thries  to  make  Ad.  out  of  Is.  If  I 
makes  Qd.  of  a  night  it's  good  worruk," 

These  trays  are  usually  carried  under  the  arm, 
and  are  sometimes  piled  on  a  stool  or  small 
stand,  in  a  street  market.  The  prices  are  from 
2rf.  to  10<^.,  sometimes  \s.  The  stronger  descrip- 
tions are  sold  to  street-sellers  to  display  their 
goods  upon,  as  much  as  to  any  other  class.  Wo- 
men and  children  occasionally  sell  them,  but  it 
is  one  of  the  callings  which  seems  to  be  disap- 
pearing from  the  streets.  From  two  men,  who 
were  familiar  with  this  and  other  second-hand 
trades,  I  heard  the  following  reasons  assigned  for 
the  decadence.  One  man  thought  it  was  owing  to 
"  swag-trays "  being  got  up  so  common  and  so 
cheap,  but  to  look  "  stunning  Avell,",  at  least  as 
long  as  the  shininess  lasted.  The  other  contended 
that  poor  working  people  had  enough  to  do  now- 
a-days  to  get  something  to  eat,  without  thinking 
of  a  tray  to  put  it  on. 

If  20  persons,  and  that  I  am  told  is  about  the 
number  of  sellers,  take  in  the  one  or  two  nights' 
sale  4*.  a  week  each,  on  second-hand  trays  (33  per 
cent,  being  the  rate  of  profit),  the  street  ex- 
penditure is  208/,  in  a  year. 

In  other  second-hand  metal  articles  there  is 
now  and  then  a  separate  trade.  Two  or  three 
sets  of  sm^W  fire-irons  may  be  offered  in  a  street- 
market  on  a  Saturday  night ;  or  a  small  stock  of 
fiat  and  Italian  irons  for  the  laundresses,  who 
work  cheap  and  must  buy  second-hand;  or  a 
collection  of  tools  in  the  same  way  ;  but  these  are 
accidental  sales,  and  are  but  ramifications  from  the 
general  "old  metal"  trade  that  I  have  ^described. 
Perhaps,  in  the  sale  of  these  second-hand  articles, 
20  people  may  be  regularly  employed,  and  300/, 
yearly  may  be  taken. 

In  Petticoat-lane,  Rosemary-lane,  Wliitecross- 
street,  Ratcliff-highway,  and  in  the  street-markets 
generally,  are  lo  be  seen  men,  women,  and 
children  selling  dinner  knives  and  forks,  razors, 
pockel-knivijs,  and  scissors.  Tlie  pocket-knives 
and  scissors  are  kept  well  oiled,  so  that  the  wea- 
ther does  not  rust  them.  Tiiese  goods  have  been 
mostly  repaired,  ground,  and  polished  for  street- 
commerce.     The  women  and  children  selling  these 


LOyDO.y  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


13 


articles  are  the  wives  and  families  of  the  men 
■who  repair,  grind,  and  polish  them,  and  who 
belong,  correctly  speaking,  to  the  class  of  street- 
artiz.ans,  under  which  head  they  will  be  more 
particularly  treated  of.  It  is  the  fame  also  with 
the  street-vendors  of  second-hand  tin  saucepans 
and  other  vessels  (a  trade,  by  the  way,  which  is 
rapidly  decreasing),  for  these  are  generally  made 
of  the  old  drums  of  machines  retinned,  or  are  old 
saucepans  and  pots  mended  for  use  by  the  vendors, 
who  are  mostly  working  tinmen,  and  appertain 
to  the  artizan  class. 

Of  thb  Strekt-Sellers  of  Second-Hand 
Linen,  &c. 
I  KOW  come  to  the  second  variety  of  the  several 
kinds  of  street-sellers  of  secondhand  articles. 
The  accounts  of  the  street-trade  in  second-hand 
linens,  however,  need  be  but  brief;  for  none  of 
the  callings  I  have  now  to  notice  supply  a  mode  of 
subsistence  to  the  street-sellers  independently  of 
other  pursuits.  They  are  resorted  to  whenever 
an  opportunity  or  a  prospect  of  remuneration 
presents  itself  by  the  class  of  general  street-sellers, 
women  as  well  as  men — the  women  being  the 
most  numerous.  The  sale  of  these  articles  is  on 
the  Saturday  and  Monday  nights,  in  the  street- 
markets,  and  daily  in  Petticoat  and  Kosemary 
lanes. 

One  of  the  most  saleable  of  all  the  second-hand 
textile  commodities  of  the  streets,  is  an  article  the 
demand  for  which  is  certainly  creditable  to  the 
poorer  and  the  working-classes  of  London — 
towels.  The  principal  supply  of  this  street-towel- 
ling is  obtained  from  the  several  barracks  in  and 
near  London.  They  are  a  portion  of  what  were 
the  sheets  (of  strong  linen)  of  the  soldiers'  beds, 
which  are  periodically  renewed,  and  the  old  sheet- 
ing is  then  sold  to  a  contractor,  of  whom  the 
street-folk  buy  it,  and  wash  and  prepare  it  for 
market.  It  is  sold  to  the  street-traders  at  id.  per 
pound,  1  lb.  making  eight  penny  towels  ;  some  (in- 
ferior) is  as  low  as  2d.  The  principal  demand  is 
by  the  working-classes.  i 

"  Why,  for  one  time,  sir,"  said  a  street-seller 
to  me,  "  there  wasn't  much  towelling  in  tiie 
streets,  and  I  got  a  tidy  lot,  just  when  I  knew 
it  would  go  off,  like  a  thief  round  a  corner.  I 
pitched  in  Whitecross-street,  and  not  far  from  a 
woman  that  was  making  a  great  noise,  and  had  a 
good  lot  of  people  about  her,  for  cheap  mackarel 
weren't  so  very  plenty  then  as  they  are  now. 
'  Here  'a  your  cheap  mack'rel,'  shouts  she,  '  cheap, 
cheap,  cheap  mac-mac-macnific/trei.  Then  /  be- 
gins :  '  Here  's  your  cheap  towelling  ;  cheap,  cheap, 
cheap,  tow  tow-tow-<oif-ellingB.  Here's  towels  a 
penny  a  piece,  and  two  for  twopence,  or  a  double 
family  towel  for  twopence.'  I  soon  had  a  greater 
cro^d  than  she  had.  O,  yes  !  I  gives  'em  a  good 
history  of  what  I  has  to  sell ;  patters,  as  you  call 
it ;  a  man  that  can't  isn't  fit  for  the  streets. 
'  Here's  what  every  wife  should  buy  for  her  bus- 
bind,  and  every  htuband  for  his  wife,'  I  goes  on. 
'  Doinrstic  happiness  is  then  secured.  If  a  has- 
bind  licks  his  wife,  or  a  wife  licks  her  husband,  a 
Xn\\>'\  i<t  the  handiest  and  most  innocent  thing  it 


can  be  done  with,  and  if  it 's  wet  it  gives  you  a 
strong  clipper  on  the  cheek,  as  every  respectable 
m.irried  person  knows  as  well  as  I  do.  A  clipper 
that  way  always  does  me  good,  and  I  'm  satisfied 
it  does  more  good  to  a  gentleman  than  a  lady.' 
Alwa5's  patter  for  the  women,  sir,  if  you  wants  to 
sell.  Yes,  towels  is  good  sale  in  London,  but  I 
prefer  country  business.  I  'm  three  times  as  much 
in  the  country  as  in  town,  and  I  'm  just  oft"  to 
Ascot  to  sell  cards,  and  do  a  little  singing,  and 
then  I  '11  perhaps  take  a  round  to  Bath  and  Bris- 
tol, but  Bath  's  not  what  it  was  once." 

Another  street-seller  told  me  that,  as  far  as  his 
experience  went,  Monday  night  was  a  better  time 
for  the  sale  of  second-hand  sheetings,  &c.,  than 
Saturday,  as  on  Monday  the  wives  of  the  working- 
classes  who  sought  to  buy  cheaply  what  was 
needed  for  household  use,  usually  went  out  to 
make  their  purchases.  The  Satuiday-night's  mart 
is  more  one  for  immediate  necessities,  either  for  the 
Sunday's  dinner  or  the  Sunday's  wear.  It  appears 
to  me  that  in  all  these  little  distinctions — of  which 
street-folk  tell  you,  quite  unconscious  that  they 
tell  anything  new — there  is  something  of  the  his- 
tory of  the  character  of  a  people, 

"  Wrappers,"  or  "  bale-stuff","  as  it  is  sometimes 
styled,  are  also  sold  in  the  streets  as  secondhand 
goods.  These  are  what  have  formed  the  covers  of 
the  packages  of  manufactures,  and  are  bought 
(most  frequently  by  the  Jews)  at  the  wholesale 
warehouses  or  the  larger  retail  shops,  and  re-sold 
to  the  street-people,  usually  at  l^d.  and  2d.  per 
pound.  These  goods  are  sometimes  sold  entire, 
but  are  far  more  often  cut  into  suitable  sizes  for 
towels,  strong  aprons,  &c.  They  soon  get 
"  bleached,"  I  was  told,  by  washing  and  wear. 

"  JJuiiit"  linen  or  calico  is  also  sold  in  the 
streets  as  a  second-hand  article.  On  the  occasion 
of  a  tire  at  any  tradesman's,  whose  stock  of  drapery 
had  been  injured,  the  damaged  wares  are  bought 
by  the  Jewish  or  other  keepers  of  the  haberdashery 
swag-shops.  Some  of  these  are  sold  by  the  second- 
hand street  dealers,  but  the  traffic  for  such  articles 
is  greater  among  the  hawkers.  Of  this  I  have 
already  given  an  account.  The  street-sale  of  these 
burnt  (and  sometimes  designedly  burnt)  wares  is 
in  pieces,  generally  from  6(/.  to  \s.  Qd.  each,  or  in 
yards,  frequently  at  Qd.  per  yard,  but  of  course 
the  price  varies  with  the  quality. 

I  believe  that  no  second-hand  sheets  are  sold  in 
the  streets  as  sheets,  for  when  tolerably  good  they 
are  received  at  the  pawn-shops,  and  if  indifferent, 
at  the  dolly-shops,  or  illegal  pawn-shops.  Street 
folk  have  told  me  of  sheets  being  sold  in  the  street- 
markets,  but  so  rarely  as  merely  to  supply  an 
exception.  In  Petticoat-lane,  indeed,  they  are 
sold,  but  it  is  mostly  by  the  Jew  shopkeepers, 
who  also  expose  their  goods  in  the  streets,  and  they 
are  sold  by  them  very  often  to  street-traders,  who 
convert  them  into  other  purposes. 

The  statistics  of  this  trade  present  great  diffi- 
culties. The  second-hand  linen,  *cc.,  is  not  a 
regular  street  trafHc.  It  may  be  offered  to  the 
public  20  days  or  nights  in  a  month,  or  not  one. 
If  a  "job-lot"'  have  been  secured,  the  second-hand 
street-seller  may  confine  hinuelf  to  that  especial 


14 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


stock.  If  his  means  compel  him  to  offer  only  a 
paucity  of  second-hand  goods,  he  may  sell  but  one 
kind.  Generally,  however,  the  same  man  or 
woman  trades  in  two,  three,  or  more  of  the  second- 
hand textile  productions  which  I  have  specified, 
and  it  is  hardly  one  street-seller  out  of  20,  who  if 
he  have  cleared  his  IO5.  in  a  given  time,  by  vend- 
ing different  articles,  can  tell  the  relative  amount  he 
cleared  on  each.  The  trade  is,  therefore,  irregular, 
and  is  but  a  consequence,  or — as  one  street-seller 
very  well  expressed  it — a  "tail"  of  other  trades. 
For  instance,  if  there  has  been  a  great  auction  of 
any  corn-merchant's  effects,  there  will  be  more  sack- 
ing than  usual  in  the  street-markets  ;  if  there  have 
been  sales,  beyond  the  average  extent,  of  old 
household  furniture,  there  will  be  a  more  ample 
street  stock  of  curtains,  carpeting,  fringes,  &c.  Of 
the  articles  I  have  enumerated  the  sale  of  second- 
hand linen,  more  especially  that  from  the  barrack- 
stores,  is  the  largest  of  any. 

The  most  intelligent  man  whom  I  met  with  in 
this  trade  calculated  that  there  were  80  of  these 
second-hand  street-folk  plying  their  trade  two 
nights  in  the  week ;  that  they  took  85.  each 
weekly,  about  half  of  it  being  profit ;  thus  the 
street  expenditure  would  be  1664^.  per  annum. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand 
Curtains. 
Sbookd-Hand  Curtains,  but  only  good  ones,  I 
was  assured,  can  now  be  sold  in  the  streets. 
"  because  common  new  ones  can  be  had  so  cheap." 
The  "  good  second-hands,"  however,  sell  readily. 
The  most  saleable  of  all  second-hand  curtains  are 
those  of  chintz,  especially  old-fashioned  chintz, 
now  a  scarce  article ;  the  next  in  demand  are 
what  were  described  to  me  as  "  good  check,"  or 
the  blue  and  white  cotton  curtains.  White  dimity 
curtains,  though  now  rarely  seen  in  a  street- 
market,  are  not  bought  to  be  re-used  as  curtains 
— "  there  's  too  much  washing  about  them  for 
London  " — but  for  petticoats,  the  covering  of  large 
pincushions,  dressing-table  covers,  &c.,  and  for  the 
last-mentioned  purpose  they  are  bought  by  the 
householders  of  a  small  tenement  who  let  a  "well- 
furnished"  bed-room  or  two. 

The  uses  to  which  the  second-hand  chintz  or 
check  curtains  are  put,  are  often  for  "Waterloo" 
or  "tent"  beds.  It  is  common  for  a  single 
woman,  struggling  to  "  get  a  decent  roof  over  her 
head,"  or  for  a  young  couple  wishing  to  improve 
their  comforts  in  furniture,  to  do  so  piece-meal. 
An  old  bedstead  of  a  better  sort  may  first  be  pur- 
chased, and  so  on  to  the  concluding  "  decency," 
or,  in  the  estimation  of  some  poor  persons,  "  dig- 
nity "  of  curtains.  These  persons  are  customers 
of  the  street-sellers  —  the  secondhand  curtains 
costing  them  from  %d.  to  1*.  Qd. 

Moreen  curtains  have  also  a  good  sale.  They 
are  bought  by  working  people  (and  by  some  of  the 
dealers  in  second-hand  furniture)  for  the  re-cover- 
ing of  sofas,  which  had  become  ragged,  the  defi- 
ciency of  stuffing  being  supplied  with  hay  (which 
is  likewise  the  "  stuffing  "  of  the  new  sofas  sold 
by  the  "  linen-drapers,"  or  "  slaughter-houses." 
Moreen  curtains,  too,  are  sometimes  cut  into  pieces. 


for  the  re-covering  of  old  horse-hair  chairs,  for 
which  purpose  they  are  sold  at  M.  each  piece. 

Second-hand  curtains  are  moreover  cut  into  por- 
tions and  sold  for  the  hanging  of  the  testers  of 
bedsteads,  but  almost  entirely  for  what  the  street- 
sellers  call  "  half-teesters,"  These  are  required 
for  the  Waterloo  bedsteads,  "  and  if  it 's  a  nice 
thing,  sir,"  said  one  woman,  "  and  perticler  if  it 's 
a  chintz,  and  to  be  had  for  6rf.,  the  women  '11 
fight  for  it." 

The  second-hand  curtains,  when  sold  entire,  are 
from  &d.  to  25.  Qd.  One  man  had  lately  sold  a 
pair  of  "good  moreens,  only  faded,  but  dyeing  's 
cheap,"  for  Zs.  6d. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Car- 
peting, Flannels,  Stocking-legs,  &c.,  &c. 
I  CLASS  these  second-hand  wares  together,  as  they 
are  all  of  woollen  materials. 

Carpeting  has  a  fair  sale,  and  in  the  streets  is 
vended  not  as  an  entire  floor  or  stair-carpet,  but  in 
pieces.  The  floor-carpet  pieces  are  from  2d.  to 
I5.  each ;  the  stair-carpet  pieces  are  from  Id.  to 
id.  a.  yard.  Hearth-rugs  are  very  rarely  offered 
to  street-customers,  but  when  offered  are  sold  from 
4:d.  to  I5.  Drugget  is  also  sold  in  the  same  way 
as  the  floor-carpeting,  and  sometimes  for  house- 
scouring  cloths. 

"  I  've  sold  carpet,  sir,"  said  a  woman  street- 
seller,  who  called  all  descriptions  —  rugs  and 
drugget  too — by  that  title;  "and  I  would  like  to 
sell  it  regular,  but  my  old  man — he  buys  every- 
thing— says  it  can't  be  had  regular.  I  've  sold 
many  things  in  the  streets,  but  I  'd  rather  sell  good 
second-hand  in  carpet  or  curtains,  or  fur  in  winter, 
than  anything  else.  They  're  nicer  people  as  buys 
them.  It  would  be  a  good  business  if  it  was 
regular.  Ah  !  indeed,  in  my  time,  and  before  I 
was  married,  I  have  sold  different  things  in  a 
different  way  ;  but  I  'd  rather  not  talk  about  that, 
and  I  make  no  complaints,  for  seeing  what  I  see. 
I  'm  not  so  badly  off.  Them  as  buys  carpet  are 
very  particular — I  've  known  them  take  a  tape 
out  of  their  pockets  and  measure— but  they're 
honourable  customers.  If  they  're  satisfied  they 
buy,  most  of  them  does,  at  once  ;  without  any  of 
your  '  is  that  the  lowest]'  as  ladies  asks  in  shops, 
and  that  when  they  don't  think  of  buying,  either. 
Carpet  is  bought  by  working  people,  and  they  use 
it  for  hearth-rugs,  and  for  bed-sides,  and  such  like. 
I  know  it  by  what  I've  heard  them  say  when  I've 
been  selling.  One  Monday  evening,  five  or  six 
years  back,  I  took  10s.  9tZ.  in  carpet;  there  had 
been  some  great  sales  at  old  houses,  and  a  good 
quantity  of  carpet  and  curtains  was  sold  in  the 
streets.  Perhaps  I  cleared  '6s.  6d.  on  that  10s.  9d. 
But  to  take  4s.  or  5s.  is  good  work  now,  and  often 
not  more  than  Sd.  in  the  Is.  profit.  Still,  it 's 
a  pretty  good  business,  when  you  can  get  a  stock 
of  second-hands  of  different  kinds  to  keep  you 
going  constantly." 

What  in  the  street-trade  is  known  as  "Flannels" 
is  for  the  most  part  second-hand  blankets,  which 
having  been  worn  as  bed  furniture,  and  then  very 
probably,  or  at  the  same  time,  used  for  ironing 
cloths,   are    found   in  the  street-markets,  where 


LONDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


15 


they  are  purchased  for  flannel  petticoats  for  the 
children  of  the  poor,  or  when  not  good  enough  for 
such  use,  for  house  cloths,  at  \d.  each. 

The  trade  in  stocking  legs  is  considerable.  In 
these  legs  the  feet  have  been  cut  ofl-j  further  darn- 
ing being  impossible,  and  the  fragment  of  the 
•tocking  which  is  worth  preserving  is  sold  to  the 
careful  housewives  who  attach  to  it  a  new  foot. 
Sometimes  for  winter  wear  a  new  cheap  sock  is 
attached  to  the  footless  hose.  These  legs  sell 
from  \d.  to  Zd.  the  pair,  but  very  rarely  Zd.,  and 
only  when  of  the  best  quality,  though  the  legs  would 
not  be  saleable  in  the  streets  at  all,  had  they  not 
been  of  a  good  manufacture  originally.  Men's  hose 
are  sold  in  this  way  more  largely  than  women's. 

The  trade  in  second-hand  stockings  is  very  con- 
siderable, but  they  form  a  part  of  the  second-hand 
apparel  of  street-commerce,  and  I  shall  notice 
them  under  that  head. 

Op  the  Stkeet-Skller3  of  Second-hakd  Bed- 

TICKIKQ,  SaCKIKQ,  FrINQE,  &C. 

For  bed-ticking  there  is  generally  a  ready  sale, 
but  I  was  told  "not  near  so  ready  as  it  was  a  dozen 
year  or  more  back."  One  reason  which  I  heard 
assigned  for  this  was,  that  new  ticking  was  made 
BO  cheap  (being  a  thin  common  cotton,  for  the 
lining  of  common  carpet-bags,  portmanteaus,  &c., 
that  poor  persons  scrupled  to  give  any  equivalent 
price  for  good  sound  second-hand  linen  bed-tick- 
ing, "  though,"  said  a  dealer,  "  it  '11  still  wear  out 
half  a  dozen  of  their  new  slop  rigs.  I  should 
like  a  few  of  them  there  slop-masters,  that 's 
making  fortius  out  of  foolish  or  greedy  folks,  to 
have  to  live  a  few  weeks  in  the  streets  by  this  sort 
of  second-hand  trade ;  they  'd  hear  what  was 
thought  of  them  then  by  all  sensible  people,  which 
aren't  so  many  as  they  should  be  by  a  precious 
long  sight." 

The  ticking  sold  in  the  street  is  bought  for  the 
patching  of  beds  and  for  the  making  of  pillows 
and  bolsters,  and  for  these  purposes  is  sold  in 
pieces  at  from  2d.  to  id.  as  the  most  frequent  price. 
One  woman  who  used  to  sell  bed-ticking,  but  not 
lately,  told  me  that  she  knew  poor  women  who 
cared  nothing  for  such  convenience  themselves, 
buy  ticking  to  make  pillows  for  their  children. 

Secondhand  Sacking  is  sold  without  much  dif- 
ficulty in  the  street-markets,  and  usually  in  pieces 
at  from  2d.  to  6rf.  This  sacking  has  been  part  of 
a  com  sack,  or  of  the  strong  package  in  which 
some  kinds  of  goods  are  dispatched  by  sea  or 
railway.  It  is  bought  for  the  mending  of  bed- 
stead sacking,  and  for  the  making  of  porters' 
knots,  &c. 

Second-hand  Fringe  is  still  in  fair  demand,  but 
though  cheaper  than  ever,  does  not,  I  am  assured, 
"  sell  so  well  as  when  it  was  dearer."  Many  of 
my  readers  will  have  remarked,  when  they  have 
been  passing  the  apartments  occupied  by  the 
working  class,  that  the  valance  fixed  from  the 
top  of  the  window  has  its  adornment  of  fringe  ;  a 
blind  is  sometimes  adorned  in  a  similar  manner, 
and  so  is  the  valance  from  the  tester  of  a  bedstead. 
For  such  uses  the  second-hand  fringe  is  bought  in 


the  street-markets  in  pieces,  sometimei.  called 
*'  quantities,"  of  from  Id.  to  1*. 

Second'/uind  Table-cloths  used  to  be  an  article 
of  street-traffic  to  some  extent.  If  offered  at  all 
now — and  one  man,  though  he  was  a  regular 
street-seller,  thonght  he  had  not  seen  one  offered 
in  a  market  this  year — they  are  worn  things  such 
as  will  not  be  taken  by  the  pawnbrokers,  while 
the  dolly-shop  people  would  advance  no  more 
than  the  table-cloth  might  be  worth  for  the  rag- 
bag. The  glazed  table-covers,  now  in  such 
general  use,  are  not  as  yet  sold  second-hand  in  the 
streets. 

I  was  told  by  a  street-seller  that  he  had  heard 
an  old  man  (since  dead),  who  was  a  buyer  of 
second-hand  goods,  say  that  in  the  old  times,  after 
a  great  sale  by  auction — as  at  Wanstead-house 
(Mr.  Wellesley  Pole's),  about  30  years  ago — the 
open-air  trade  was  very  brisk,  as  the  street-sellers, 
like  the  shop-traders,  proclaimed  all  their  second- 
hand wares  as  having  been  bought  at  "  the  great 
sale."  For  some  years  no  such  "  rme  "  has  been 
practised  by  street-folk. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  of  Second-Hand 
Glass  and  Crockery. 
These  sellers  are  another  class  who  are  fast  dis- 
appearing from  the  streets  of  London.  Before 
glass  and  crockery,  but  more  especially  glass, 
became  so  low-priced  when  new,  the  second-hand 
glass-man  was  one  of  the  most  prosperous  of  the 
open-air  traders ;  he  is  now  so  much  the  reverse 
that  he  must  generally  mix  up  some  other  calling 
with  his  original  business.  One  man,  whose 
address  was  given  to  me  as  an  experienced  glass- 
man,  I  found  selling  mackarel  and  "pound 
crabs,"  and  complaining  bitterly  that  mackjirel 
were  high,  and  that  he  could  make  nothing  out 
of  them  that  week  at  2d.  each,  for  poor  persons, 
he  told  me,  would  not  give  more.  "  Yes,  sir,"  he 
said,  "  I  've  been  in  most  trades,  besides  having 
been  a  pot-boy,  both  boy  and  man,  and  I  don't 
like  this  fish-trade  at  all.  I  could  get  a  pot-boy's 
place  again,  but  I  'm  not  so  strong  as  I  were,  and 
it 's  slavish  work  in  the  place  I  could  get;  and  a 
man  that's  not  so  young  as  he  was  once  is 
chaffed  so  by  the  young  lads  and  fellows  in  the 
tap-room  and  the  skittle-ground.  For  this  last 
three  year  or  more  I  had  to  do  something  in  ad- 
dition to  my  glass  for  a  crust.  Before  I  dropped 
it  as  a  bad  consarn,  I  sold  old  shoes  as  well 
as  old  ghiss,  and  made  both  ends  meet  that  way, 
a  leather  end  and  a  glass  end.  I  sold  off  my 
glass  to  a  rag  and  bottle  shop  for  9».,  far  less  than 
it  were  worth,  and  I  swopped  my  shoes  for  my 
fish-stall,  and  water-tub,  and  3*.  in  money.  I  '11 
be  out  of  this  trade  before  long.  The  glass  was 
good  once;  I  've  made  my  16«.  and  20«.  a  week 
at  it :  I  don't  know  how  long  that  is  ago,  but  it's 
a  good  long  time.  Latterly  I  could  do  no  busi- 
ness at  all  in  it,  or  hardly  any.  The  old  shoes 
was  middling,  because  they're  a  free-selling  thing, 
but  somehow  it  seems  awkward  mixing  up  any 
other  trade  with  your  glass." 

The  stall  or  barrow  of  a  "second-hand  glass- 
man"  presented,  and  still,  in  a  smaller  degree. 


16 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


presents,  a  variety  of  articles,  and  a  variety  of 
colours,  but  over  the  whole  prevails  that  haziness 
which  seems  to  be  considered  proper  to  this  trade. 
Even  in  the  largest  rag  and  bottle  shops,  the 
second-hand  bottles  always  look  dingy.  "It 
wouldn't  pay  to  wash  them  all,"  said  one  shop- 
keeper to  me,  **  so  we  washes  none ;  indeed,  I 
b'lieve  people  would  rather  buy  them  as  they  is, 
and  clean  them  themselves." 

The  street-assortment  of  second-hand  glass  may 
be  described  as  one  of  "odds  and  ends" — odd 
goblets,  odd  wine-glasses,  odd  decanters,  odd  cruet- 
bottles,  salt-cellars,  and  mustard-pots ;  together 
with  a  variety  of  "tops"  to  fit  mustard-pots  or 
butter-glasses,  and  of  "  stoppers"  to  fit  any  sized 
bottle,  the  latter  articles  being  generally  the  most 
profitable.  Occasionally  may  still  be  seen  a  blue 
spirit-decanter,  one  of  aset  of  three,  with  "brandy," 
in  faded  gold  letters,  upon  it,  or  a  brass  or  plated 
label,  as  dingy  as  the  bottle,  hung  by  a  fine  wire- 
chain  round  the  neck.  Blue  finger-glasses  sold 
very  well  for  use  as  sugar-basins  to  the  wives  of 
the  better-off  working-people  or  small  tradesmen. 
One  man,  apparently  about  40,  who  had  been  in 
this  trade  in  his  youth,  and  whom  I  questioned  as 
to  what  was  the  quality  of  his  stock,  told  me  of 
the  demand  for  "  blue  sugars,"  and  pointed  out  to 
me  one  which  happened  to  be  on  a  stand  by  the 
door  of  a  rag  and  bottle  shop.  When  I  mentioned  its 
original  use,  he  asked  further  about  it,  and  after  my 
answers  seemed  sceptical  on  the  subject.  "  People 
that  's  quality,"  he  said,  "  that 's  my  notion  on  it, 
that  hasn't  neither  to  yarn  their  dinner,  nor  to 
cook  it,  but  just  open  their  mouths  and  eat  it,  can't 
dirty  their  hands  so  at  dinner  as  to  have  glasses  to 
wash  'era  in  arterards.  But  there  's  queer  ways 
everywhere." 

At  one  time  what  were  called  "  doctors'  bottles" 
formed  a  portion  of  the  second-hand  stock  I  am 
describing.  These  were  phials  bought  by  the  poorer 
people,  in  which  to  obtain  some  physician's  gratui- 
tous prescription  from  the  chemist's  shop,  or  the  time- 
honoured  nostrum  of  some  wonderful  old  woman. 
For  a  very  long  period,  it  must  be  borne  in  mind, 
all  kinds  of  glass  wares  were  dear.  Small  glass 
frames,  to  cover  flower-roots,  were  also  sold 
at  these  stalls,  as  were  fragments  of  looking-glass. 
Beneath  his  stall  or  barrow,  the  "  old  glass-raau  " 
often  had  a  few  old  wine  or  beer-bottles  for  sale. 

At  the  period  before  cast-glass  was  so  common, 
and,  indeed,  subsequently,  until  glass  became 
cheap,  it  was  not  unusual  to  see  at.  the  second- 
hand stalls,  rich  cut-glass  vessels  which  had  been 
broken  and  cemented,  for  sale  at  a  low  figure,  the 
glass-man  being  often  a  mender.  It  was  the  same 
with  China  punch-bowls,  and  the  costlier  kind  of 
dishes,  but  this  part  of  the  trade  is  now  unknown. 

There  is  one  curious  sort  of  ornament  still  to  be 
met  with  at  these  stalls — wide-mouthed  bottles, 
embellished  with  coloured  patterns  of  flowers, 
birds,  &c.,  generally  cut  from  "  furniture  prints," 
and  kept  close  against  the  sides  of  the  interior  by 
the  salt  with  which  the  bottles  are  filled.  A 
few  second-hand  pitchers,  teapots,  &c.,  are  still 
sold  at  from  Id.  to  Qd. 

There  are  now  not  above  six  men  (of  the  ordi- 


nary street  selling  class)  who  carry  on  this  trade 
regularly.  Sometimes  twelve  stalls  or  barrows 
may  be  seen  ;  sometimes  one,  and  sometimes  none. 
Calculating  that  each  of  the  six  dealers  takes  12«. 
weekly,  with  a  profit  of  C^.  or  7s.,  we  find  187Z.  4s. 
expended  in  this  department  of  street-commerce. 
The  principal  place  for  the  trade  is  in  Uigh-street, 
Whitechapel. 

Of  tub  Street- Sellers  of  Second-Hand 

mlsokllaneous  articles. 

I   HAVE  in  a  former  page   specified  some  of  the 

goods  which  make  up  the  sum  of  the  second-hand 

miscellaneous  commerce  of  the  streets  of  London. 

I  may  premise  that  the  trader  of  this  class  is  a 
sort  of  street  broker;  and  it  is  no  more  possible 
minutely  to  detail  his  especial  traffic  in  the  several 
articles  of  his  stock,  than  it  would  be  to  give  a  spe- 
cific account  of  each  and  several  of  the  "  sundries" 
to  be  found  in  the  closets  or  corners  of  an  old-furni- 
ture broker's  or  marine-store  seller's  premises,  in 
describing  his  general  business. 

The  members  of  this  trade  (as  will  be  shown  in 
the  subsequent  statements)  are  also  "miscella- 
neous" in  their  character.  A  few  have  known 
liberal  educations,  and  have  been  established  in 
liberal  professions  j  others  have  been  artisans  or 
shopkeepers,  but  the  mass  are  of  the  general  class 
of  street-sellers. 

I  will  first  treat  of  the  Second-Hand  Street- 
Sellers  of  Articles  for  Amusement,  giving  a  wide 
interpretation  to  the  word  "amusement." 

The  backgammon,  chess,  draught,  and  cribbage- 
boards  of  the  second-hand  trade  have  originally 
been  of  good  quality — some  indeed  of  a  very 
superior  manufacture ;  otherwise  the  "  cheap 
Germans  "  (as  I  heard  the  low-priced  foreign  goods 
from  the  swag-shops  called)  would  by  their  supe- 
rior cheapness  have  rendered  the  business  a  nullity. 
The  backgammon-boards  are  bought  of  brokers, 
when  they  are  often  in  a  worn,  unhinged,  and 
what  may  be  called  ragged  condition.  The 
street-seller  "  trims  tliem  up,"  but  in  this  there 
is  nothing  of  artisanship,  although  it  requires 
some  little  taste  and  some  dexterity  of  finger.  A 
new  hinge  or  two,  or  old  hinges  re-screwed,  and  a 
little  pasting  of  leather  and  sometimes  the  applica- 
tion of  strips  of  bookbinder's  gold,  is  all  that  is 
required.  The  backgammon-boards  are  some- 
times oifered  in  the  streets  by  an  itinerant;  some- 
times (and  more  frequently  than  otherwise  in  a 
deplorable  state,  the  points  of  the  table  being 
hardly  distinguishable)  they  are  part  of  the  furni- 
ture of  a  second-hand  stall.  I  have  seen  one  at 
an  old  book-stall,  but  most  usually  they  are 
vended  by  being  hawked  to  the  better  sort  of 
public-houses,  and  there  they  are  more  frequently 
disposed  of  by  raffle  than  by  sale.  It  is  not  once 
in  a  thousand  times,  I  am  informed,  that  second- 
hand "men"  are  sold  with  the  board.  Before  the 
board  has  gone  through  its  series  of  hands  to  the 
street-seller,  the  men  have  been  lost  or  scattered. 
New  men  are  sometimes  sold  or  raffled  with  the 
backgammon-boards  (as  with  the  draught)  at  from 
Qd.  to  2s.  6d.  the  set,  the  best  being  of  box-wood. 

Chess-boards  and  men — for  without  the  men  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


17 


course  a  draught,  or  the  top  of  n  backgaramon- 
board  suffices  for  chess  —  are  a  coiuniodity 
now  rarely  at  the  disposal  of  the  street-sellers  ; 
and,  as  these  means  of  a  lei-surely  and  abstruse 
amuaement  ore  not  of  a  ready  sale,  the  second- 
hand dealers  do  not  "look  out"  for  them,  but 
merely  speculate  in  them  when  the  article  '*'  falls 
in  their  way"  and  seems  a  palpable  bargain. 
Occisionally,  a  second-hand  chess  appai'atus  is 
still  sold  by  the  street  folk.  One  man — upon 
whose  veracity  I  have  every  reason  to  rely — told 
me  that  he  once  sold  a  beauiiful  set  of  ivory  men 
and  a  handsome  "leather  board"  (second-hand) 
to  a  gentleman  who  accosted  him  as  he  saw  him 
carry  them  along  the  street  for  sjile,  inviting  him 
to  step  in  doors,  when  the  gentleman's  residence 
was  reached.  The  chess-men  were  then  arranged 
and  examined,  and  the  seller  asked  3/.  Zs.  for 
them,  at  once  closing  with  the  offer  of  3/. ;  "  for 
I  foiuid,  sir,"  he  said,  "  I  had  a  gentleman  to  do 
with,  for  he  told  me  he  thought  tliey  were  really 
cheap  at  3/.,  and  he  would  give  me  that."  Another 
dealer  in  second-hand  articles,  when  I  asked  him 
if  he  had  ever  sold  chess-boards  and  men,  replied, 
"  Ouly  twice,  sir,  and  then  at  4*-.  ajid  5s.  the  set ; 
they  was  poor.  I  've  seen  chess  played,  and  I 
should  say  it's  a  rum  game;  but  I  know  nothing 
about  it.  I  once  had  a  old  gent  for  a  customer, 
and  he  was  as  nice  and  quiet  a  old  gent  as  could 
be,  and  I  always  called  on  him  when  I  thought  I 
had  a  curus  old  tea-caddy,  or  knife-box,  or  any- 
thing that  way.  He  didn't  buy  once  in  twenty 
calls,  but  he  always  gave  me  something  for  my 
trouble.  He  used  to  play  at  chess  with  another 
old  gent,  and  if,  after  his  servant  had  told  him 
I  'd  come,  I  waited  'til  1  could  wait  no  longer, 
and  then  knocked  at  his  room  door,  he  swore  like 
a  trooper. 

Draughtboards  are  sold  at  from  Zd.  to  Is. 
second-hand.  Cribbage- boards,  also  second-hand, 
and  sometimes  with  cards,  are  only  sold,  I  am  in- 
formed, when  they  are  very  bad,  at  from  \d.  to 
Zd.,  or  very  good,  at  from  2a-.  <od.  to  5s.  One 
street-seller  told  me  that  he  once  sold  a  "  Chinee" 
cribbage-board  for  18*.,  which  cost  him  10s.  "  It 
was  a  most  beautiful  thing,"  he  stated,  "  and  was 
very  high-worked,  and  was  inlaid  with  ivory,  and 
with  green  ivory  too." 

The  Dice  required  for  the  playing  of  backgam- 
mon, or  for  any  purpose,  are  bought  of  the  waiters 
at  the  club  houses,  generally  at  2^.  the  dozen  sets. 
They  are  retailed  at  about  25  per  cent,  profit. 
Dice  in  this  way  are  readily  disposed  of  by  the 
street-people,  as  they  are  looked  upon  as  "  true," 
and  are  only  about  a  sixth  of  the  price  they  could 
be  obtained  for  new  ones  in  the  duly-stamped 
covers.  A  few  dice  are  sold  at  6(/.  to  Is.  the 
set,  but  they  are  old  and  battered. 

There  are  but  two  men  who  support  themselves 
wholly  by  the  street-sale  and  the  hawking  of  the 
diflfcrent  boards,  &c.,  I  liave  described.  There 
are  two,  three,  or  sometimes  four  occasional  par- 
ticipanu  in  the  trade.  Of  these  one  held  a  com- 
mission in  Her  Majesty's  service,  but  was  ruined 
by  gttming,  and  when  unable  to  live  by  any  other 
means,  he  sells  the  implements  with  which  he  ha  i 


been  but  too  familiar.  "  He  lost  everything  in 
Jermyn-street,"  a  man  wiio  was  sometimes  his 
comrade  in  the  sale  of  these  articles  said  to  me, 
"  but  he  is  a  very  gentlemanly  and  respectable 
man." 

The  profits  in  this  trade  are  very  uncertain.  A 
man  who  was  engaged  in  it  told  me  that  one 
week  he  had  cleared  '11. ,  and  the  next,  with  greater 
pains-taking,  did  not  sell  a  single  thing. 

The  other  articles  which  are  a  portion  of  the 
second-hand  miscellaneous  trade  of  this  nature  are 
sold  as  often,  or  more  often,  at  stalls  tlian  else- 
where. Dominoes,  for  instance,  may  be  seen  in 
the  winter,  and  they  are  offered  only  in  the 
winter,  on  perhaps  20  stalls.  They  are  sold 
at  from  4<:/.  a  set,  and  I  heard  of  one  superior  set 
■which  were  described  to  me  us  "  brass-pinned," 
being  sold  in  a  handsome  box  for  5s.,  the  shop 
price  having  been  los.  The  great  sale  of  dominoes 
is  at  Christmas. 

Pope-Joan  boards,  which,  I  was  told,  were 
fifteen  years  ago  sold  readily  in  the  streets,  and 
were  examined  closely  by  the  purchasers  (who 
were  mostly  the  wives  of  tradesmen),  to  see  that 
the  print  or  paint  announcing  the  partitions  for 
"intrigue,"  "matrimony,"  "friendship,"  "Pope," 
&c.,  were  perfect,  are  now  never,  or  rarely,  seen. 
Formerly  the  price  was  Is.  to  Is.  9rf.  In  the 
present  year  I  could  hear  of  but  one  man  who 
had  even  offered  a  Pope-board  for  sale  in  the 
street,  and  he  sold  it,  though  almost  new, 
for  Zd. 

"  Fish,"  or  the  bone,  ivory,  or  mother-o'-pearl 
card  counters  in  the  shape  of  fish,  or  sometimes 
in  a  circular  form,  used  to  be  sold  second-hand  as 
freely  as  the  Pope-boards,  and  are  now  as  nirely  to 
be  seen. 

Until  about  20  years  ago,  as  well  as  I  can  fix 
upon  a  term  from  the  information  I  received,  the 
apparatus  for  a  game  known  as  the  "  Devil  among 
the  tailors  "  was  a  portion  of  the  miscellaneous 
second-hand  trade  or  hawking  of  the  streets.  In 
it  a  top  was  set  spinning  on  a  long  board,  and 
the  result  depended  upon  the  number  of  men,  or 
"  tailors,"  knocked  down  by  the  "  devil "  (top) 
of  each  player,  these  tailors  being  stationed, 
numbered,  and  scored  (when  knocked  down)  in 
the  same  way  as  when  the  balls  are  propelled  into 
tlie  numbered  sockets  in  a  bagatelle-board.  I  nm 
moreover  told  that  in  the  same  second-hand  calling 
were  boards  known  as  "  solitaire-boards."  These 
were  round  boards,  with  a  certain  number  of 
holes,  in  cadh  of  which  was  a  peg.  One  peg  was 
removed  at  the  selection  of  the  player,  and  the 
game  consisted  in  taking  each  remaining  peg,  by 
advancing  another  over  its  head  into  any  vacant 
hole,  and  if  at  the  end  of  the  game  onlv  one  peg 
remained  in  the  board,  the  player  won  ;  iT  winning 
it  could  be  called  when  the  game  could  only  bo 
played  by  one  person,  and  was  for  "solitary" 
amusement.  Chinese  puzzles,  sometimes  on  a  large 
scale,  were  then  also  a  part  of  the  second-hand 
traffic  of  the  streets.  These  are  a  scries  of  thin 
woods  in  geometrical  shapes,  which  may  be  fitted 
into  certain  forms  or  patterns  contained  in  a  book, 
or  on  a  sheet.    These  puzzles  are  sold  in  the  streets 


18 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


still,  but  in  smaller  quantity  and  diminished  size. 
Different  games  played  with  the  teetotum  were 
also  a  part  of  second-hand  street-sale,  but  none  of 
these  bygone  pastimes  were  vended  to  any 
extent. 

From  the  best  data  I  have  been  able  to  obtain 
it  appears  that  the  amount  received  by  the  street- 
sellers  or  street-hawkers  \i\  the  8.ale  of  these 
second-hand  articles  of  amusement  is  10^.  weekly, 
about  half  being  profit,  divided  in  the  proportions 
I  have  intimated,  as  respects  the  number  of  street- 
sellers  and  the  periods  of  sale ;  or  520/.  expended 
yearly. 

I  should  have  stated  that  the  principal  cus- 
tomers of  this  branch  of  second-hand  traders  are 
found  in  the  public-houses  and  at  the  cigar-shops, 
where  the  goods  are  carried  by  street-sellers,  who 
hawk  from  place  to  place. 

These  dealers  also  attend  the  neighbouring,  and, 
frequently  in  the  summer,  the  more  distant  races, 
where  for  dice  and  the  better  quality  of  their 
"boards,"  &c.,  they  generally  find  a  prompt 
market.  The  sale  at  the  fairs  consists  only  of  the 
lowest-priced  goods,  and  in  a  very  scant  proportion 
compared  to  the  races. 

Of  the  Street-Sellehs  of  Second-hand 
Musical  Instruments. 
Of  this  trade  there  are  two  branches  ;  the  sale  of 
instruments  which  are  really  second-hand,  and  the 
sale  of  those  which  are  pretendedly  so ;  in  other 
words,  an  honest  and  a  dishonest  business.  As 
in  street  estimation  the  whole  is  a  second-hand 
calling,  I  shall  so  deal  with  it. 

At  this  season  of  the  year,  when  fairs  are 
frequent  and  the  river  steamers  with  their  bands 
of  music  run  oft  and  regularly,  and  out-door  music 
may  be  played  until  late,  the  calling  of  the  street- 
musician  is  "  at  its  best."  In  the  winter  he  is 
not  unfrequently  starving,  especially  if  he  be  what 
is  called  "a  chance  hand,"  and  have  not  the 
privilege  of  playing  in  public-houses  when  the 
weather  renders  it  impossible  to  collect  a  street 
audience.  Such  persons  are  often  compelled  to 
part  with  their  instruments,  which  they  offer  in 
the  streets  or  the  public-houses,  for  the  pawn- 
brokers have  been  so  often  "  stuck"  (taken  in) 
with  inferior  instruments,  that  it  is  difficult  to 
pledge  even  a  really  good  violin.  With  some  of 
these  musical  men  it  goes  hard  to  part  with  their 
instruments,  as  they  have  their  full  share  of  the 
pride  of  art.  Some,  however,  sell  them  recklessly  } 
and  at  almost  any  price,  to  obtain  the  means  of 
prolonging  a  drunken  carouse. 

From  a  man  who  is  now  a  dealer  in  second- 
hand musical  instruments,  and  is  also  a  musician, 
I  had  #le  following  account  of  his  start  in  the 
second-hand  trade,  and  of  his  feelings  when  he 
first  had  to  part  with  his  fiddle. 

"  I  was  a  gentleman's  footboy,"  he  said,  "when 
I  was  young,  but  I  was  always  very  fond  of  music, 
and  60  was  my  father  before  me.  He  was  a  tJiilor 
in  a  village  in  Suffolk  and  used  to  play  the  bass- 
fiddle  at  church.  I  hardly  know  how  or  when  I 
learned  to  play,  but  I  seemed  to  grow  up  to  it. 
There  was  two  neighbours  used  to  call  at  my 


father's  and  practise,  and  one  or  other  was  always 
showing  me  something,  and  so  I  learned  to  play 
very  well.  Everybody  said  so.  Before  I  was 
twelve,  I  've  played  nearly  all  night  at  a  dance  in 
a  farm-house.  I  never  played  on  anything  but 
the  violin.  You  must  stick  to  one  instrument,  or 
you  're  not  up  to  the  mark  on  any  if  you  keep 
changing.  When  I  got  a  place  as  footboy  it  was 
in  a  gentleman's  family  in  the  country,  and  I 
never  was  so  happy  as  when  master  and  mistress 
was  out  dining,  and  I  could  play  to  the  servants 
in  the  kitchen  or  the  servants'  hall.  Sometimes 
they  got  up  a  bit  of  a  dance  to  my  violin.  If 
there  was  a  dance  at  Christmas  at  any  of  the 
tenants',  they  often  got  leave  for  me  to  go  and  play. 
It  was  very  little  money  I  got  given,  but  ioo 
much  drink.  At  last  master  said,  he  hired  me  to 
be  his  servant  and  not  for  a  parish  fiddler,  so  I 
must  drop  it.  I  left  him  not  long  after — he  got  so 
cross  and  snappish.  In  my  next  place — no,  the 
next  but  one — I  was  on  board  wages,  in  London, 
a  goodish  bit,  as  the  family, were  travelling,  and 
I  had  time  on  my  hands,  and  used  to  go  and  play  at 
public-houses  of  a  night,  just  for  the  amusement 
of  the  company  at  first,  but  I  soon  got  to  know 
other  musicians  and  made  a  little  money.  Yes, 
indeed,  1  could  have  saved  money  easily  then, 
but  I  didn't;  I  got  too  fond  of  a  public-house 
life  for  that,  and  was  never  easy  at  home." 

I  need  not  very  closely  pursue  this  man's  course 
to  the  streets,  but  merely  intimate  it.  He  had 
several  places,  remaining  in  some  a  year  or  more, 
in  others  two,  three,  or  six  months,  but  always 
unsettled.  On  leaving  his  last  place  he  married  a 
fellow-servant,  older  than  himself,  who  had  saved 
"  a  goodish  bit  of  money,"  and  they  took  a  beer- 
shop  in  Bermondsey.  A  "free  and  easy"  (con- 
cert), both  vocal  and  instrumental,  was  held  in 
the  house,  the  man  playing  regularly,  and  the 
business  went  on,  not  unprosperously,  until  the 
wife  died  in  child-bed,  the  child  surviving.  After 
this  everything  went  wrong,  and  at  last  the  man 
was  "sold  up,"  and  was  penniless.  For  three  or 
four  years  he  lived  precariously  on  what  he  could 
earn  as  a  musician,  until  about  six  or  seven  years 
ago,  when  one  bitter  winter's  night  he  was  with- 
out a  farthing,  and  had  laboured  all  day  in  the  vain 
endeavour  to  earn  a  meal.  His  son,  a  boy  then  of 
five,  had  been  sent  home  to  him,  and  an  old  woman 
with  whom  he  had  placed  the  lad  was  incessantly 
dunning  for  125.  due  for  the  child's  maintenance. 
The  landlord  clamoured  for  15^.  arrear  of  rent  for 
a  furnished  room,  and  the  hapless  musician  did 
not  possess  one  thing  which  he  could  convert  into 
money  except  his  fiddle.  He  must  leave  his  room 
next  day.  He  had  held  no  intercourse  with  his 
friends  in  the  country  since  he  heard  of  his  father's 
death  some  years  before,  and  was,  indeed,  resource- 
less.  After  dwelling  on  the  many  excellences  of 
his  violin,  which  he  had  purchased,  "  a  dead  bar- 
gain," for  3/.  155.,  he  said  :  "  Well,  sir,  I  sat  down 
by  the  last  bit  of  coal  in  the  place,  and  sat  a  long 
time  thinking,  and  didn't  know  what  to  do.  There 
was  nothing  to  hinder  nie  going  out  in  tlie  morn- 
ing, and  working  the  streets  with  a  mate,  as  I  'd 
done  before,  but  then  there  was  little  James  that 


LOJVDOS  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


19 


was  sleeping  there  in  his  bed.  He  was  very  deli- 
cate then,  and  to  drag  him  about  and  let  him 
sleep  in  lodging-houses  would  have  killed  him,  I 
knew.  But  then  I  couldn't  think  of  parting  with 
my  violin.  I  felt  I  should  never  again  have  such 
another.  I  felt  as  if  to  part  with  it  was  parting  with 
my  last  prop,  for  what  was  I  to  do  ?  I  sat  a  long 
time  thinking,  with  ray  instrument  on  my  knees, 
'til — I  'm  sure  I  don't  know  how  to  describe  it — 
I  felt  as  if  I  was  drunk,  though  I  hadn't  even 
tasted  beer.  So  I  went  out  boldly,  just  as  if  I 
teas  drunk,  and  with  a  deal  of  trouble  persuaded 
a  landlord  I  knew  to  lend  me  1^  on  my  instru- 
ment, and  keep  it  by  him  for  three  months,  'til 
I  could  redeem  it.  I  have  it  now,  sir.  Next 
day  I  satisfied  my  two  creditors  by  paying  each 
half,  and  a  week's  rent  in  advance,  and  I  walked 
off  to  a  shop  in  Soho,  where  I  bought  a  dirty  old 
instalment,  broken  in  parts,  for  25.  Zd.  I  was 
great  part  of  the  day  in  doing  it  up,  and  in  the 
evening  earned  Id.  by  playing  solos  by  Watchorn's 
door,  and  the  Crown  and  Cushion,  and  the  Lord 
Rodney,  which  are  all  in  the  "Westminster-road. 
I  lodged  in  Stangate-street.  There  was  a  young 
man — he  looked  like  a  respectable  mechanic — gave 
me  \d.,  and  said  :  *  I  wonder  how  you  can  use 
your  fingers  at  all  such  a  freezing  night.  It  seems 
a  good  fiddle.'  I  assure  you,  sir,  I  was  surprised 
myself  to  find  what  I  could  do  with  my  instru- 
ment. *  There  's  a  beer-shop  over  the  way,'  says 
the  young  man,  '  step  in,  and  I  '11  pay  for  a  pint, 
and  try  my  hand  at  it.'  And  so  it  was  done,  and 
I  sold  him  my  fiddle  for  7*.  6d.  No,  sir,  there 
was  no  tJike  in  ;  it  was  worth  the  money.  I  'd 
have  sold  it  now  that  I've  got  a  connection  for 
half  a  guinea.  Next  day  I  bought  such  another 
instrument  at  the  same  shop  for  3.T.,  and  sold  it 
after  a  while  for  6*.,  having  done  it  up,  in  course. 
This  it  was  that  first  put  it  into  my  head  to 
start  selling  second-hand  instruments,  and  so  I 
began.  Now  I  'm  known  as  a  man  to  be  depended 
on,  and  with  my  second-hand  business,  and  en- 
gagements every  now  and  then  as  a  musician,  I  do 
middling." 

In  this  manner  is  the  honest  second-hand  street- 
business  in  musical  instruments  carried  on.  It  is 
unially  done  by  hawking.  A  few,  however,  are  sold 
at  miscellaneous  stalls,  but  they  are  generally  such 
as  require  repair,  and  are  often  without  the  bow, 
&c.  The  persons  carrying  on  the  trade  have  all, 
as  fiftr  as  I  could  ascertain,  been  musicians. 

Of  the  street-sale  of  musical  instruments  by 
drunken  members  of  the  "  profession  "  I  need  say 
little,  as  it  is  exceptional,  though  it  is  certainly  a 
branch  of  the  trade,  for  so  numerous  is  the  body 
of  street-musicians,  and  of  so  many  classes  is  it 
composed,  that  this  description  of  second-hand 
business  is  being  constantly  transacted,  and  often 
to  the  profit  of  the  more  wary  dealers  in  these 
goods.  The  statistics  I  shall  show  at  the  close  of 
my  remarks  on  this  subject. 

Or  THB  Musio  "  DumiRa." 
SmcoMD-  Hand    Guxtaks  are  vended   by  the 
street-sellers.  The  price  varies  from  7*.  6d.  to  15*. 
Barjti  form  no  portion  of  the  second-hand  business 


of  the  streets.  A  drum  is  occasionally,  and  only 
occasionally,  sold  to  a  showman,  but  the  chief 
second-hand  traffic  is  in  violins.  Accordions,  both 
new  and  old,  used  to  sell  readily  in  the  streets, 
either  from  stalls  or  in  hawking,  "  but,"  said  a 
man  who  had  formerly  sold  them,  "  they  have 
been  regularly  'duffed*  out  of  the  streets,  so  much 
cheap  rubbish  is  made  to  sell.  There  's  next  to 
nothing  done  in  them  now.  If  one  's  offered  to  a 
man  that 's  no  judge  of  it,  he  '11  be  sure  you  want 
to  cheat  him,  and  perhaps  abuse  you ;  if  he  be  a 
judge,  of  course  it 's  no  go,  unless  with  a  really 
good  article." 

Among  the  purchasers  of  second-hand  musical 
instruments  are  those  of  the  working-classes  who 
wish  to  "  practise,"  and  the  great  number  of  street- 
musicians,  street-showmen,  and  the  indifferently 
paid  members  of  the  orchestras  of  minor  (and  not 
always  of  minor)  theatres.  Few  of  this  class 
ever  buy  new  instruments.  There  are  sometimes, 
I  am  informed,  as  many  as  50  persons,  one-fourth 
being  women,  engaged  in  this  second-hand  sale. 
Sometimes,  as  at  present,  there  are  not  above  half 
the  number.  A  broker  who  was  engaged  in  the 
traffic  estimated — and  an  intelligent  street-seller 
agreed  in  the  computation — that,  take  the  year 
through,  at  least  25  individuals  were  regularly,  but 
few  of  them  fully,  occupied  with  this  traffic,  and 
that  their  weekly  takings  averaged  30s.  each,  or  an 
aggregate  yearly  amount  of  190^.  The  weekly 
profits  run  from  IO5.  to  155.,  and  sometimes  the 
well-known  dealers  clear  40s.  or  60s.  a  week, 
while  others  do  not  take  5s.  Of  this  amount 
about  two-thirds  is  expended  on  violins,  and  one- 
tenth  of  the  whole,  or  nearly  a  tenth,  on  "  duffing  " 
instruments  sold  as  second-hand,  in  which  depart- 
ment of  the  business  the  amount  "  turned  over" 
used  to  be  twice,  and  even  thrice  as  much.  The 
sellers  have  nearly  all  been  musicians  in  some 
capacity,  the  women  being  the  wives  or  connections 
of  the  men. 

What  I  have  called  the  "dishonest  trade"  is 
known  among  the  street-folk  as  "  music-duffing." 
Among  the  swag-shopkeepers,  at  one  place  in 
Houndsditch  more  especially,  are  dealers  in 
"  duffing  fiddles."  These  are  German-made  in- 
struments, and  are  sold  to  the  street-folk  at  2s.  6rf. 
or  3s.  each,  bow  and  all.  When  purchased  by  the 
music-duffers,  they  are  discoloured  so  as  to  be 
made  to  look  old.  A  music-duffer,  assuming  the 
way  of  a  roan  half-drunk,  will  enter  a  public- 
house  or  accost  any  party  in  the  street,  saying : 
*'  Here,  I  must  have  money,  for  I  won't  go  home 
'til  morning,  'til  morning,  'til  morning,  I  won't  go 
home  'til  morning,  'til  daylight  does  appear.  And 
so  I  may  as  well  sell  my  old  fiddle  myself  as  take 
it  to  a  rogue  of  a  broker.  Try  it  anybody,  it 's  a 
fine  old  tone,  equal  to  any  Cremonar.  It  cost  me 
two  guineas  and  another  fiddle,  and  a  good  'un  too, 
in  exchange,  but  I  may  as  well  be  my  own  broker, 
for  I  must  have  money  any  how,  and  I  '11  sell  it 
for  10«." 

Possibly  a  bargain  is  struck  for  5*. ;  for  the 
duffing  violin  is  perhaps  purposely  damaged  in 
some  slight  way,  so  as  to  appear  easily  reparable, 


Ho.  xxvm. 


20 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


and  any  deficiency  in  tone  may  be  attributed  to 
that  defect,  which  was  of  course  occasioned  by  the 
drunkenness  of  the  possessor.  Or  possibly  the 
tone  of  the  instrument  may  not  be  bad,  but  it 
may  be  made  of  such  unsound  materials,  and  in 
Buch  a  slop-way,  though  looking  well  to  a  little- 
practised  eye,  that  it  will  soon  fall  to  pieces.  One 
man  told  me  that  he  had  often  done  the  music- 
duffing,  and  had  sold  trash  violins  for  IO5.,  155.,  and 
even  20*.,  "  according,"  he  said,  "  to  the  thickness 
of  the  buyer's  head,"  but  that  was  ten  or  twelve 
years  ago. 

It  appears  that  when  an  impetus  was  given  to 
the  musical  taste  of  the  country  by  the  establish- 
ment of  cheap  singing  schools,  or  of  music  classes, 
(called  at  one  time  "  singing  for  the  million  "),  or 
by  the  prevalence  of  cheap  concerts,  where  good 
music  was  heard,  this  duffing  trade  flourished, 
but  now,  I  am  assured,  it  is  not  more  than  a 
quarter  of  what  it  was.  "  There  '11  always  be  some- 
thing done  in  it,"  said  the  informant  I  have  before 
quoted,  "  as  long  as  you  can  find  young  men 
that 's  conceited  about  their  musical  talents,  fond 
of  taking  their  medicine  (drinking).  If  I  've 
gone  into  a  public-house  room  where  I  've  seen  a 
young  gent  that 's  bought  a  duffing  fiddle  of  me, 
it  don't  happen  once  in  twenty  times  that  he  com- 
plains and  blows  up  about  it,  and  only  then, 
perhapSjif  he  happens  to  be  drunkish,  when  people 
don't  much  mind  what 's  said,  and  so  it  does  me  no 
harm.  People 's  too  proud  to  confess  that  they  're 
ever  '  done '  at  any  time  or  in  anything.  Why, 
such  gents  has  pretended,  when  I  've  sold  'em  a 
duffer,  and  seen  them  afterwards,  that  they  've 
done  me ! " 

Nor  is  it  to  violins  that  this  duffing  or  sham 
second-hand  trade  is  confined.  At  the  swag- 
shops  duffi.ng  cornopeans,  French  horns,  and  cla- 
rionets are  vended  to  the  street-folk.  One  of 
these  cornopeans  maybe  bought  for  145. ;  a  French 
horn  for  10s.  ;  and  a  clarionet  for  7s.  Qd. ;  or  as  a 
general  rule  at  one-fourth  of  the  price  of  a  pro- 
perly-made instrument  sold  as  reasonably  as 
possible.  These  things  are  also  made  to  look  old, 
and  are  disposed  of  in  the  same  manner  as  the 
duffing  violins.  The  sale,  however,  is  and  was 
always  limited,  for  "  if  there  be  one  working 
man,"  I  was  told,  "  or  a  man  of  any  sort  not  pro- 
fessional in  music,  that  tries  his  wind  and  his 
fingers  on  a  clarionet,  there  's  a  dozen  trying  their 
touch  and  execution  on  a  violin." 

Another  way  in  which  the  duffing  music  trade 
at  one  time  was  made  available  as  a  second-hand 
business  was  this  : — A  band  would  play  before  a 
pawnbroker's  door,  and  the  duffing  German  brass 
instruments  might  be  well-toned  enough,  the  in- 
feriority consisting  chiefly  in  the  materials,  but 
which  were  so  polished  up  as  to  appear  of  the  best. 
Some  member  of  the  band  would  then  offer  his 
brass  instrument  in  pledge,  and  often  obtain  an 
advance  of  more  than  he  had  paid  for  it. 

One  man  who  had  been  himself  engaged  in 
what  he  called  this  "artful"  business,  told  me 
that  when  two  pawnbrokers,  whom  he  knew, 
found  that  they  had  been  tricked  into  advancing 
15*.  on  cornopeans,  which  they  could  buy  new  in 


Houndsditch  for  14s.,  they  got  him  to  drop  the 
tickets  of  the  pledge,  which  they  drew  out  for  the 
purpose,  in  the  streets.  These  were  picked  up  by 
some  passer-by — and  as  there  is  a  very  common 
feeling  that  there  is  no  harm,  or  indeed  rather  a 
merit,  in  cheating  a  pawnbroker  or  a  tax-gatherer — 
the  instruments  were  soon  redeemed  by  the  fortu- 
nate finder,  or  the  person  to  whom  he  had  disposed 
of  his  prize.  Nor  did  the  roguery  end  here.  The 
same  man  told  me  that  he  had,  in  collusion  with  a 
pawbroker,  dropped  tickets  of  (sham)  second-hand 
musiciil  instruments,  which  he  had  bought  new  at 
a  swag-shop  for  the  very  purpose,  the  amount  on 
the  duplicate  being  double  the  cost,  and  as  it  ia 
known  that  the  pawnbrokers  do  not  advance  the 
value  of  any  article,  the  finders  were  gulled  into 
redeeming  the  pledge,  as  an  advantageous  bar- 
gain. "  13ut  I  've  left  off  all  that  dodging  now, 
sir,"  said  the  man  with  a  sort  of  a  grunt,  which 
seemed  half  a  sigh  and  half  a  laugh ;  **  I  've  left 
it  off  entirely,  for  I  found  I  was  getting  into 
trouble." 

The  derivation  of  the  term  "  duffing  "  I  am  un- 
able to  discover.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Dixon  says,  in 
his  "  Dovecote  and  Aviary,"  that  the  term 
"  Duffer"  applied  to  pigeons,  is  a  corruption  of 
Dovehouse, — but  query  ?  In  the  slang  dictionaries 
a  "  Dvffer  "  is  explained  as  ♦'  a  man  who  hawks 
things ;"  hence  it  would  be  equivalent  to  Pedlar, 
which  means  strictly  beggar — being  from  the 
Dutch  Bedclaar,  and  the  German  Bettler. 

Op  the  Stkbet-Sellers  of  Second-Hand 
Weapons, 
The  sale  of  second-hand  pistols,  for  to  that  weapon 
the  street-sellers'  or  hawkers'  trade  in  arras  seems 
confined,  is  larger  than  might  be  cursorily  ima- 
gined. 

There  must  be  something  seductive  about  the 
possession  of  a  pistol,  for  I  am  assured  by  persons 
familiar  with  the  trade,  that  they  have  sold  them 
to  men  who  were  ignorant,  when  first  invited  to 
purchase,  how  the  weapon  was  loaded  or  dis- 
charged, and  seemed  half  afraid  to  handle  it. 
Perhaps  the  possession  imparts  a  sense  of  security. 

The  pistols  which  are  sometimes  seen  on  the 
street-stalls  are  almost  always  old,  rusted,  or  bat- 
tered, and  are  useless  to  any  one  except  to  those 
who  can  repair  and  clean  them  for  sale. 

There  are  three  men  now  selling  new  or  second- 
hand pistols,  I  am  told,  who  have  been  gunmakers. 

This  trade  is  carried  on  almost  entirely  by 
hawking  to  public-houses.  I  heard  of  no  one 
who  depended  solely  upon  it,  "  but  this  is  the 
way,"  one  intelligent  man  stated  to  me,  "  if  I  am 
buying  second-hand  things  at  a  broker's,  or  in 
Petticoat -lane,  or  an3'-where,  and  there  's  a  pistol 
that  seems  cheap,  I  '11  buy  it  as  readily  as  any- 
thing I  know,  and  I  '11  soon  sell  it  at  a  public- 
house,  or  I  '11  get  it  rafHed  for.  Second-hand  pis- 
tols sell  better  than  new  by  such  as  me.  If  I  was 
to  offer  a  new  one  I  should  be  told  it  was  some 
]3rummagem  slop  rubbish.  If  there 's  a  little 
silver-plate  let  into  the  wood  of  the  pistol,  and  a 
crest  or  initials  engraved  on  it — I  've  got  it  done 
sometimes — there's  a   better  chance  of  sale,  for 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


21 


people  think  it 's  been  made  for  somebody  of  con- 
sequence that  wouldn't  be  fobbed  oflF  with  an  infe- 
rior thing.  I  don't  think  I  've  often  sold  pistols 
to  working-men,  but  I've  known  them  join  in 
raffles  for  them,  and  the  winner  has  often  wanted 
to  sell  it  back  to  me,  and  has  sold  it  to  somebody. 
It 's  tradesmen  that  buy,  or  gentlefolks,  if  you  can 
get  at  them.  A  pistol 's  a  sort  of  a  plaything  with 
them." 

On  my  talking  with  a  street-dealer  concerning 
the  street-trade  in  second-hand  pistols,  he  pro- 
duced a  handsome  pistol  from  his  pocket.  I  in- 
quired if  it  was  customary  for  men  in  his  way 
of  life  to  carry  pistols,  and  he  expressed  his 
conviction  that  it  was,  but  only  when  tra- 
velling in  the  country,  and  in  possession  of 
money  or  valuable  stock.  "  I  gave  only  7«.  Qd. 
for  this  pistol,"  he  said,  "  and  have  refused  lO*.  6rf. 
for  it,  for  I  shall  get  a  better  price,  as  it 's  an  ex- 
cellent article,  on  some  of  my  rounds  in  town,  I 
bought  it  to  take  to  Ascot  races  with  me,  and  have 
it  with  me  now,  but  it  'snot  Joaded,  for  I  'm  going 
to  Moulsey  Hurst,  where  Hampton  races  are 
held.  You  're  not  safe  if  you  travel  after  a  great- 
muster  at  a  race  by  yourself  without  a  pistol. 
Many  a  poor  fellow  like  me  has  been  robbed,  and 
the  public  hear  nothing  about  it,  or  say  it 's  all 
gammon.  At  Ascot,  sir,  I  trusted  my  money  to  a 
booth-keeper  I  knew,  as  a  few  men  slept  in  his 
booth,  and  he  put  my  bit  of  tin  with  his  own 
under  his  head  where  he  slept,  for  safe  keeping. 
There's  a  little  doing  in  second-hand  pistols  to 
such  as  me,  but  we  generally  sell  them  again." 

Of  secowd-lMiid  guns,  or  other  offensive  weapons, 
there  is  no  street  sale.  A  few  "  life-presei-vers," 
•ome  of  gutta  percha,  are  hawked,  but  they  fire 
generally  new.  Bullets  and  powder  are  not  sold 
by  the  pistol-hawkers,  but  a  moiUd  for  the  casting 
of  bullets  is  frequently  sold  along  with  the  weapon. 

Of  these  second-hand  pistol-sellers  there  are  now, 
I  am  told,  more  than  there  were  last  year.  "  I 
really  believe,"  said  one  man,  laughing,  b«it  I 
beard  a  similar  account  from  others,  "  people  were 
afraid  the  foreigners  coming  to  the  Great  Exhibi- 
tion had  some  mischief  in  their  noddles,  and  so  a 
pistol  was  wanted  for  protection.  In  my  opinion, 
a  pistol 's  just  one  of  the  tilings  that  people  don't 
think  of  buying,  'til  it 's  shown  to  them,  and  then 
they  're  tempted  to  have  it." 

The  principal  street-sale,  independently  of  the 
hawking  to  public-houses,  is  in  such  places  as  Rat- 
cliffe-highway,  where  the  mates  and  petty  officers 
of  ships  are  accosted  and  invited  to  buy  a  good 
second-band  pistol.  The  wares  thus  vended  are 
generally  of  a  well-made  sort. 

In  this  traffic,  which  is  known  as  a  "straggling" 
trade,  pursued  by  men  who  arc  at  the  same  time 

rrsuing  other  street-callings,  it  may  be  estimated, 
am  assured,  that  there  are  20  men  engaged, 
each  taking  as  an  average  1/.  a  week.  In  some 
weeks  a  man  may  take  51. ;  in  the  next  month  he 
may  sell  no  weapons  at  all.  From  80  to  50  per 
cent,  is  the  usual  rate  of  profit,  and  the  yearly 
street  outlay  on  these  second-hand  offensive  or  de- 
fensive weapons  is  1040/. 
One  man  who  "did  a  little  in  pistols"  told  me. 


"  that  25  or  30  years  ago,  when  he  was  a  boy,  his 
father  sometimes  cleared  21.  a  week  in  the  street- 
sale  and  hawking  of  second-hand  hoxing-gloves, 
and  that  he  himself  had  sometimes  carried  the 
'gloves'  in  his  hand,  and  pistols  in  his  pocket  for 
sale,  but  that  now  boxing-gloves  were  in  no  de- 
mand whatever  among  street-buyers,  and  were  '  a 
complete  drug.'  He  used  to  sell  them  at  3*'.  the 
set,  which  is  four  gloves." 

Op  the  Sxbeet-Sellers  of  Second-hand 
Curiosities. 
Several  of  the  things  known  in  the  street-trade 
as  "  curiosities  "  can  hardly  be  styled  second-hand 
with  any  propriety,  but  they  are  so  styled  in  the 
streets,  and  are  usually  vended  by  street-merchants 
who  trade  in  second-hand  wares. 

Curiosities  are  displayed,  I  cannot  say  tempt- 
ingly (except  perhaps  to  a  sanguine  antiquarian), 
for  there  is  a  great  dinginess  in  the  display,  on 
stalls.  One  man  whom  I  met  wheeling  his  barrow 
in  High-street,  Camden-town,  gave  me  an  account 
of  his  trade.  He  was  dirtily  rather  than  meanly 
clad,  and  had  a  very  self-satisfied  expression  of 
face.  The  principal  things  on  his  barrow  were 
coins,  shells,  and  old  buckles,  with  a  pair  of  the 
very  high  and  wooden-heeled  slices,  worn  in  the 
earlier  part  of  the  last  century. 

The  coins  were  all  of  copper,  and  certainly  did 
not  lack  variety.  Among  them  were  tokens,  but 
none  very  old.  There  was  the  head  of  "  Charles 
Marquis  Cornwallis  "  looking  fierce  in  a  cocked 
hat,  while  on  the  reverse  was  Fame  with  her 
trumpet  and  a  wreath,  and  banners  at  her  feet, 
with  the  superscription  :  "  His  fame  resounds 
from  east  to  west,"  There  was  a  head  of  Welling- 
ton with  the  date  1811,  and  the  legend  of  "  Vin- 
cit  amor  patriaj."  Also  "  The  R.  Hon.  W.  Pitt, 
Lord  Warden  Cinque  Ports,"  looking  courtly  in  a 
bag  wig,  with  his  hair  bruslied  from  his  brow  into 
what  the  curiosity -seller  called  a  "  topping."  This 
was  announced  as  a  "  Cinque  Ports  token  payable 
at  Dover,"  and  was  dated  1794.  *'  Wellingtons," 
said  the  man,  "  is  cheap ;  that  one  's  only  a  half- 
penny, but  here 's  one  here,  sir,  as  you  seem  to 
understand  coins,  as  I  hope  to  get  2d.  for,  and  will 
take  no  less.  It's  'J.  Lackington,  1794,'  you 
see,  and  on  the  back  there  's  a  Fame,  and  round 
her  is  written — and  it 's  a  good  spccinient  of  a  coin 
— '  Halfpenny  of  Lackington,  Allen  k,  Co., 
cheapest  booksellers  in  the  world.'  That 's  scarcer 
and  more  vallyballer  than  Wellingtons  or  Nelsons 
either."  Of  the  current  coin  of  the  realm,  I  saw 
none  older  than  Charles  II.,  and  but  one  of  his 
reign,  and  little  legible.  Indeed  the  reverse  had 
been  ground  quite  smooth,  and  some  one  had  en- 
graved upon  it  "  Charles  Dryland  Tunbridg."  A 
small  **  e  "  over  the  "  g  "  of  Tunbridg  perfected 
the  orthography.  This,  the  street-seller  said,  was 
a  "  love-token  "  as  well  as  an  old  coin,  and  "  them 
love-tokens  was  getting  scarce."  Of  foreign  and 
colonial  coins  there  were  perhaps  QO.  The  oldest 
I  saw  was  one  of  Louis  XV.  of  France  and  Na- 
varre, 1774.  There  was  one  alio  of  the  "  Re- 
publiquc  Francaise"  when  Napoleon  was  First 
Consul.     The  colon-al  coins  were  more  numerous 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


than  the  foreign.  There  was  the  "  One  Penny- 
token  "  of  Lower  Canada ;  the  "  one  quarter 
anna "  of  the  East  India  Company  ;  the  "  half 
stiver  of  the  colonics  of  Essequibo  and  Dema- 
rara  ; "  the  "  halfpenny  token  of  the  province  of 
Nova  Scotia,"  &c.  &c.  There  were  also  counter- 
feit halfcrowns  and  bank  tokens  worn  from  their 
simulated  silver  to  rank  copper.  The  principle 
on  which  this  man  "  priced "  his  coins,  as  he 
called  it,  Avas  simple  enough.  What  was  the 
size  of  a  halfpenny  he  asked  a  penny  for;  the  size 
of  a  penny  coin  was  Id.  "  It 's  a  difficult  trade 
19  mine,  sir,"  he  said,  "  to  carry  on  properly,  for 
you  may  be  so  easily  taken  in,  if  you  're  not  a 
judge  of  coins  and  other  curiosities." 

The  shells  of  this  man's  stock  in  trade  he  called 
*' conks"  and  "king conks."  He  had  no  "clamps" 
then,  he  told  me,  but  they  sold  pretty  well ;  he 
described  them  as  "  two  shells  together,  one  fitting 
inside  the  other."  He  also  had  sold  what  he  called 
"  African  cowries,"  which  were  as  "  big  as  a  pint 
pot,"  and  the  smaller  cowries,  which  were  "  money 
in  India,  for  his  father  was  a  soldier  and  had  been 
there  and  saw  it."  The  shells  are  sold  from  Id. 
to  2g.  M. 

The  old  buckles  were  such  as  tised  to  be  worn 
on  shoes,  but  the  plate  was  all  worn  off,  and 
"  such  like  curiosities,"  the  man  told  me,  "  got 
scarcer  and  scarcer." 

Many  of  the  stalls  which  are  seen  in  the 
streets  are  the  property  of  adjacent  shop  or  store- 
keepers, and  there  are  not  now,  I  am  informed, 
more  than  six  men  who  carry  on  this  trade  apart 
from  other  commerce.  Their  average  takings  are 
155.  weekly  each  man,  about  two-thirds  being 
profit,  or  234^.  in  a  year.  Some  of  the  stands 
are  in  Great  Wyld-street,  but  they  are  chiefly  the 
property  of  the  second-hand  furniture  brokers. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand 
Telescopes  and  Pocket  Q-lasses. 
In  the  sale  of  second-hand  telescopes  only  one 
man  is  now  engaged  in  any  extensive  way,  except 
on  mere  chance  occasions.  Fourteen  or  fifteen 
years  ago,  I  was  informed,  there  was  a  consider- 
able street  sale  in  small  telescopes  at  I5.  each. 
They  were  made  at  Birmingham,  my  informant 
believed,  but  were  sold  as  second-hand  goods  in 
London.     Of  this  trade  there  is  now  no  remains. 

The  principal  seller  of  second-hand  telescopes 
takes  a  stand  on  Tower  Hill  or  by  the  Coal 
Exchange,  and  his  customers,  as  he  sells  excellent 
"glasses,"  are  mostly  sea-faring  men.  He  has  sold, 
and  still  sells,  telescopes  from  11.  IQs.  to  ^l.  each, 
the  purchasers  generally  "  trying "  them,  with 
strict  examination,  from  Tower  Hill,  or  on  the 
Custom-House  Quay.  There  are,  in  addition  to 
this  street-seller,  six  and  sometimes  eight  others, 
who  offer  telescopes  to  persons  about  the  docks  or 
wharfs,  who  may  be  going  some  voyage.  These 
are  as  often  new  as  second-hand,  but  the  second- 
hand articles  are  preferred.  This,  however,  is 
a  Jewish  trade  ^which  will  be  treated  of  under 
another  head. 

An  old  opera-glass,  or  the  smaller  articles  best 
known    as    "pocket-glasses,"    are     occasionally 


hawked  to  public-houses  and  offered  in  the  streets, 
but  so  little  is  done  in  them  that  I  can  obtain 
no  statistics.  A  spectacle  seller  told  me  that  he 
had  once  tried  to  sell  two  second-hand  opera- 
glasses  at  25.  Qd.  each,  in  the  street,  and  then  in 
the  public-houses,  but  was  laughed  at  by  the 
people  who  were  usually  his  customers.  "  Opera- 
glasses  !  "  they  said,  "  why,  what  did  they  want 
with  opera-glasses?  wait  until  they  had  opera- 
boxes."  He  sold  the  glasses  at  last  to  a  shop- 
keeper. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  of  other  Miscel- 
laneous Second-Hand  Articles. 
The  other  second-hand  articles  sold  in  the  streets 
I  will  give  under  one  head,  specifying  the  different 
characteristics  of  the  trade,  when  any  striking 
peculiarities  exist.  To  give  a  detail  of  the  whole 
trade,  or  rather  of  the  several  kinds  of  articles  in 
the  whole  trade,  is  impossible.  I  shall  therefore 
select  only  such  as  are  sold  the  more  extensively, 
or  present  any  novel  or  curious  features  of  second- 
hand street-commerce. 

Wnting-desksy  tea-caddies,  dressing-cases,  and 
kni/e-boxes  used  to  be  a  ready  sale,  I  was  in- 
formed, when  "good  second-hand;"  but  they  are 
"got  up"  now  so  cheaply  by  the  poor  fancy  cabinet- 
makers who  work  for  the  "  slaughterers,"  or  furni- 
ture warehouses,  and  for  some  of  the  general- 
dealing  swag-shops,  that  the  sale  of  anything 
second-hand  is  greatly  diminished.  In  fact  I  was 
told  that  as  regards  second-hand  writing-desks  and 
dressing-cases,  it  might  be  said  there  was  "  no 
trade  at  all  now."  A  few,  however,  are  still  to 
be  seen  at  miscellaneous  stalls,  and  are  occasion- 
ally, j^  but  very  rarely,  offered  at  a  public-house 
"  used "  by  artisans  who  may  be  considered 
"judges"  of  work.  The  tea-caddies  are  the  things 
which  are  in  best  demand.  "  Working  people  buy 
them,"  I  was  informed,  and  "working  people's 
wives.  When  women  are  the  customers  they  look 
closely  at  the  lock  and  key,  as  they  keep  'my 
uncle's  cards'  there"  (pawnbroker's  duplicates). 

One  man  had  lately  sold  second-hand  tea- 
caddies  at  9d.,  Is.,  and  Is.  Bd.  each,  and  cleared 
25.  in  a  day  when  he  had  stock  and  devoted  his 
time  to  this  sale.  He  could  not  persevere  in  it  if 
he  wished,  he  told  me,  as  he  might  lose  a  day  in 
looking  out  for  the  caddies ;  he  might  go  to  fifty 
brokers  and  not  find  one  caddy  cheap  enough  for 
his  purpose. 

Bruslies  are  sold  second-hand  in  considerable 
quantities  in  the  streets,  and  are  usually  vended 
at  stalls.  Shoe-brushes  are  in  the  best  demand, 
and  are  generally  sold,  when  in  good  condition,  at 
I5.  the  set,  the  cost  to  the  street-seller  being  ^d. 
They  are  bought,  I  was  told,  by  the  people  who 
clean  their  own  shoes,  or  have  to  clean  other 
people's.  Clothes'  brushes  are  not  sold  to  any 
extent,  as  the  "  hard  brush"  of  the  shoe  set  is  used 
by  working  people  for  a  clothes'  brush.  Of  late, 
I  am  told,  second-hand  brushes  have  sold  more 
freely  than  ever.  They  were  hardly  to  be  had 
just  when  wanted,  in  a  sufficient  quantity,  for  the 
demand  by  persons  going  to  Epsom  and  Ascot 
races,  who  carry  a  brush  of  little  value  with  them, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


23 


to  bruflh  the  dust  gathered  on  the  road  from  their 
coats.  The  coster-girls  buy  very  hard  brushes, 
indeed  mere  stumps,  with  which  they  brush 
radishes ;  these  brushes  are  vended  at  the  street- 
stalls  at  Id.  each. 

In  Stuffed  Birds  for  the  embellishment  of  the 
walls  of  a  room,  there  is  still  a  small  second-hand 
street  sale,  but  none  now  in  images  or  chimney-piece 
ornaments.  "  Why,"  said  one  dealer,  "  I  can  now 
buy  new  figures  for  9rf.,  such  as  not  many  years 
ago  cost  7^.,  80  what  chance  of  a  second-hand 
Bade  is  there]"  The  stuffed  birds  which  sell  the 
best  are  starlings.  They  are  all  sold  as  second- 
hand, but  are  often  "made  up"  for  street-traffic; 
an  old  bird  or  two,  I  was  told,  in  a  new  case,  or  a 
new  bird  in  an  old  case.  Last  Saturday  evening 
one  man  told  me  he  had  sold  two  "  long  cases"  of 
starlings  and  small  birds  for  2s.  Qd.  each.  There 
are  no  stuffed  parrots  or  foreign  birds  in  this  sale, 
and  no  pheasants  or  other  game,  except  sometimes 
wretched  old  things  which  are  sold  because  they 
happen  to  be  in  a  case. 

The  street-trade  in  second-hand  Lasts  is  confined 
principally  to  Petticoat  and  Rosemary  lanes,  where 
they  are  bought  by  the  "garret-masters"  in 
the  shoemaking  trade  who  supply  the  large  whole- 
sale warehouses ;  that  is  to  say,  by  small  masters 
who  find  their  own  materials  and  sell  the  boots 
and  shoes  by  the  dozen  pairs.  The  lasts  are 
bought  also  by  mechanics,  street-sellers,  and  other 
poor  persons  who  cobble  their  own  shoes.  A 
shoemaker  told  me  that  he  occasionally  bought 
a  last  at  a  street  stall,  or  rather  from  street 
hampers  in  Petticoat  and  Eosemary  lanes,  and  it 
seemed  to  him  that  second-hand  stores  of  street 
lasts  got  neither  bigger  nor  smaller :  "  I  suppose 
it 's  this  way,"  he  reasoned ;  "  the  garret-master 
bays  lasts  to  do  the  slop-snobbing  cheap,  mostly 
women's  lasts,  and  he  dies  or  is  done  up  and  goes 
to  the  "great  house,"  and  his  lasts  find  their  way 
back  to  the  streets.  You  notice,  sir,  the  first  time 
you  're  in  Kosemary-lane,  how  little  a  great  many 
of  the  lasts  have  been  used,  and  that  shows  what 
a  terrible  necessity  there  was  to  part  with  them. 
In  some  there 's  hardly  any  peg-marks  at  all." 
The  lasts  are  sold  from  Id.  to  Zd.  each,  or  twice 
that  amount  in  pairs,  "rights  and  lefts,"  accord- 
ing to  the  size  and  the  condition.  There  are  about 
20  street  last-sellers  in  the  second-hand  trade  of 
London — "at  least  20,"  one  man  said,  after  he 
seemed  to  have  been  making  a  mental  calculation 
on  Um  rabjsct. 

Seooiidrhand  hameu  is  sold  largely,  and  when 
good  is  sold  very  readily.  There  is,  I  am  told, 
far  less  slop-work  in  harness-making  than  in  shoe- 
making  or  in  the  other  trades,  such  as  tailoring, 
and  "many  a  lady's  pony  harness,"  it  was  said  to 
me  by  a  second-hand  dealer,  "goes  next  to  a 
tradesman,  and  next  to  a  costermonger's  donkey, 
•nd  if  it's  been  good  leather  to  begin  with — as 
it  will  if  it  was  made  for  a  lady — why  the  traces 
11  stand  clouting,  and  patching,  and  piecing,  and 
mending  for  a  long  time,  and  they  'II  do  to  cobble 
oUL  boots  Ust  of  all,  for  old  leather  '11  wear  just 
in  treading,  when  it  might  snap  at  a  puIL  (iive 
me  a  good  quality  to  begin  with,  sir,  and  it 's 


serviceable  to  the  end."  In  my  inquiries  among 
the  costerraongers  I  ascertained  that  if  one  of  that 
body  started  his  donkey,  or  rose  from  that  to  his 
pony,  he  never  bought  new  harness,  unless 
it  were  a  new  collar  if  he  had  a  regard  for  the 
comfort  of  his  beast,  but  bought  old  harness,  and 
"  did  it  up "  himself,  often  using  iron  rivets, 
or  clenched  nails,  to  reunite  the  broken  parts, 
where,  of  course,  a  harness-maker  would  apply  a 
patch.  Nor  is  it  the  costermongers  alone  who 
buy  all  their  harness  second-hand.  The  sweep, 
whose  stock  of  soot  is  large  enough  to  require  the 
help  of  an  ass  and  a  cart  in  its  transport ;  the 
collector  of  bones  and  offal  from  the  butchers* 
slaughter-houses  or  shops  ;  and  the  many  who 
may  be  considered  as  co-traders  with  the  coster- 
monger  class — the  greengrocer,  the  street  coal- 
seller  by  retail,  the  salt-sellers,  the  gravel  and 
sand  dealer  (a  few  have  small  carts) — all,  indeed, 
of  that  class  of  traders,  buy  their  harness  second- 
hand, and  generally  in  the  streets.  The  chief  sale 
of  second-hand  harness  is  on  the  Friday  afternoons, 
in  Smithfield.  The  more  especial  street-sale  is  in 
Petticoat  and  Eosemary  lanes,  and  in  the  many 
off-streets  and  alleys  which  may  be  called  the  tri- 
butaries to  those  great  second-hand  marts.  There 
is  no  sale  of  these  wares  in  the  Saturday  night 
markets,  for  in  the  crush  and  bustle  generally 
prevailing  there  at  such  times,  no  room  could 
be  found  for  things  requiring  so  much  space  as 
sets  of  second-hand  harness,  and  no  time  suffi- 
ciently to  examine  them.  "  There 's  so  much  to 
look  at,  you  understand,  sir,"  said  one  second- 
hand street-trader,  who  did  a  little  in  harness 
as  well  as  in  barrows,  "  if  you  wants  a  decent 
set,  and  don't  grudge  a  shilling  or  two — and 
I  never  grudges  them  myself  when  I  has  em — so 
that  it  takes  a  little  time.  You  must  see  that  the 
buckles  has  good  tongues— and  it 's  a  sort  of  joke 

in  the  trade  that  a  bad  tongue 's  a  d d  bad 

thing — and  that  the  pannel  of  the  pad  ain't  as 
hard  as  a  board  (flocks  is  the  best  stuffing,  sir), 
and  that  the  bit,  if  it 's  rusty,  can  be  polished  up, 
for  a  animal  no  more  likes  a  rusty  bit  in  his 
mouth  than  we  likes  a  musty  bit  of  bread  in 
our'n.  0,  a  man  as  treats  his  ass  as  a  ass 
ought  to  be  treated — and  it 's  just  the  same  if  he 
has  a  pony — can't  be  too  perticler.  If  I  had  my 
way  I  'd  'act  a  law  making  people  perticler  about 
'osses'  and  asses*  shoes.  If  your  boot  pinches  you, 
sir,  you  can  sing  out  to  your  bootmaker,  but  a  ass 
can't  blow  up  a  jEarrier."  It  seems  to  me  that  in 
these  homely  remarks  of  my  informant,  there  is, 
so  to  speak,  a  sound  practical  kindliness.  There 
can  be  little  doubt  that  a  fellow  who  maltreats  his 
ass  or  his  dog,  maltreats  his  wife  and  children 
when  he  dares. 

Clocks  are  sold  second-hand,  but  only  by  three 
or  four  foreigners,  Dutchmen  or  Germans,  who 
hawk  them  and  sell  them  at  2s.  6d.  or  3s. 
each,  Dutch  clocks  only  been  disposed  of  io  this 
way.  These  traders,  therefore,  come  under  the 
head  of  SxBKET-FoaKioNKas.  "  Ay,"  one  street- 
seller  remarked  to  me,  "  it 's  only  Dutch  now  as 
is  second-banded  in  the  streets,  but  it  '11  soon  bo 
Americans.    The  swags  is  some  of  them  hung  up 


24 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


with  Slick's;"  [so  he  called  the  American  clocks, 
meaning  the  "  Sam  Slicks"  in  reference  to  Mr. 
Justice  Hallyburton's  work  of  that  title  ;]  "they're 
hung  up  with  'em,  sir,  and  no  relation  whatsomever 
(pawnbroker)  '11  give  a  printed  character  of  'cm 
(a  duplicate),  and  so  they  must  come  to  the  streets, 
and  jolly  cheap  they'll  be.''  The  foreigners  who 
sell  the  second-hand  Dutch  clocks  sell  also  new 
clocks  of  the  same  manufacture,  and  often  on 
tally,  Is.  a  week  being  the  usual  payment. 

CaHoxiche-hoxes  are  sold  at  the  miscellaneous 
stalls,  but  only  after  there  has  been  what  I  heard 
called  a  "  Tower  sale "  (sale  of  military  stores). 
"When  bought  of  the  street-sellers,  the  use  of  these 
boxes  is  far  more  peaceful  than  that  for  which 
they  were  manufactured.  Instead  of  the  recep- 
tacles of  cartridges,  the  divisions  are  converted 
into  nail  boxes,  each  with  its  different  assortment, 
or  contain  the  smaller  kinds  of  tools,  such  as  awl- 
blades.  These  boxes  are  sold  in  the  streets  at 
^d.  or  1(^,  each,  and  are  bought  by  jobbing  shoe- 
makers more  than  by  any  other  class. 

Of  the  other  second-hand  commodities  of  the 
streets,  I  may  observe  that  in  Trinkets  the  trade 
is  altogether  Jewish  ;  in  Majis,  with  frames,  it  is 
now  a  nonentity,  and  so  it  is  with  Fishing-rods, 
Cricket-bats,  <Lc. 

In  Umbrellas  and  Parasols  the  second-hand 
traffic  is  large,  but  those  vended  in  the  streets  are 
nearly  all  "  done  up  "  for  street-sale  by  the  class 
known  as  "  Mush,"  or  more  properly  "  Mushroom 
Fakers,"  that  is  to  say,  the  makers  or  fakers 
{facerc — the  slang  fakement  being  simply  a  cor- 
ruption of  the  h&lhi  facimentiim)  of  those  articles 
■which  are  similar  in  shape  to  mushrooms.  I  shall 
treat  of  this  class  and  the  goods  they  sell  under 
the  head  of  Street- Artisans.  The  collectors  of  Old 
Umbrellas  and  Parasols  are  the  same  persons  as 
collect  the  second-hand  habiliments  of  male  and 
female  attire. 

The  men  and  women  engaged  in  the  street- 
commerce  carried  on  in  second-hand  articles  are, 
in  all  respects,  a  more  mixed  class  than  the  gene- 
rality of  street-sellers.  Some  hawk  in  the  streets 
goods  which  they  also  display  in  their  shops,  or 
in  the  windowless  apartments  known  as  their 
shops.  Some  are  not  in  possession  of  shops,  but 
often  buy  their  wares  of  those  who  are.  Some 
collect  or  purchase  the  articles  they  vend;  others 
collect  them  by  barter.  The  itinerant  crock-man, 
the  root-seller,  the  glazed  table-cover  seller,  the 
hawker  of  spars  and  worked  stone,  and  even  the 
costermonger  of  tlie  morning,  is  the  dealer  in 
second-hand  articles  of  the  afternoon  and  evening. 
The  costermonger  is,  moreover,  often  the  buyer 
and  seller  of  second-hand  harness  in  Smithfield. 
I  may  point  out  again,  also,  what  a  multifariousness 
of  wares  passes  in  the  course  of  a  month  through 
the  hands  of  a  general  street-seller ;  at  one  time 
new  goods,  at  another  second-hand ;  sometimes 
he  is  stiitionary  at  a  pitch  vending  "  lots,"  or 
"  swag  toys ;"  at  others  itinerant,  selling  braces, 
belts,  and  hose. 

I  found  no  miscellaneous  dealer  who  could  tell 
me  of  the  proportionate  receipts  from  the  various 


articles  he  dealt  in  even  for  the  last  month.  He 
"  did  well "  in  this,  and  badly  in  the  other  trade, 
but  beyond  such  vague  statements  there  is  no  pre- 
cise information  to  be  had.  It  should  be  recol- 
lected that  the  street-sellers  do  not  keep  accounts, 
or  those  documents  would  supply  references.  "  It  'g 
all  headwork  with  us,"  a  street-seller  said,  some- 
what boastingly,  to  me,  as  if  the  ignorance  of 
book-keeping  was  rather  commendable. 

Op  Second-hand  Store  Shops. 
Perhaps  it  may  add  to  the  completeness  of  the 
information  here  given  concerning  the  trading  in 
old  refuse  articles,  and  especially  those  of  a  mis- 
cellaneous character,  the  manner  in  which,  and 
the  parties  by  whom  the  business  is  carried  on, 
if  I  conclude  this  branch  of  the  subject  by  an 
account  of  the  shops  of  the  second-hand  dealers. 
The  distance  between  the  class  of  these  shop- 
keepers and  of  the  stall  and  barrow-keepers 
I  have  described  is  not  great.  It  may  be  said 
to  be  merely  from  the  street  to  within  doors. 
Marine-store  dealers  have  often  in  their  start  in 
life  been  street-sellers,  not  unfrequently  coster- 
mongers,  and  street  sellers  they  again  become  if 
their  ventures  be  unsuccessful.  Some  of  them, 
however,  make  a  good  deal  of  money  in  what 
may  be  best  understood  as  a  "  hugger-mugger 
way." 

On  this  subject  I  cannot  do  better  than  quote 
Mr.  Dickens,  one  of  the  most  minute  and  truthful 
of  observers : — 

"  The  reader  must  often  have  perceived  in  some 
by-street,  in  a  poor  neighbourhood,  a  small  dirty 
shop,  exposing  for  sale  the  most  extraordinary  and 
confused  jumble  of  old,  worn-out,  wretched  arti- 
cles, that  can  well  be  imagined.  Our  wonder  at 
their  ever  having  been  bought,  is  only  to  be 
equalled  by  our  astonishment  at  the  idea  of  their 
ever  being  sold  again.  On  a  board,  at  the  side  of 
the  door,  are  placed  about  twenty  books — all  odd 
volumes ;  and  as  many  wine-glasses — all  different 
patterns  ;  several  locks,  an  old  earthenware  pan, 
full  of  rusty  keys ;  two  or  three  gaudy  chimney 
ornaments  — cracked,  of  course;  the  remains  of  a 
lustre,  without  any  drops  ;  a  round  frame  like  a 
capital  0,  which  has  once  held  a  mirror ;  a  flute, 
complete  with  the  exception  of  the  middle  joint ; 
a  pair  of  curling-irons ;  and  a  tinder-box.  In 
front  of  the  shop-window,  are  ranged  some  half- 
dozen  high-backed  chairs,  with  spinal  complaints 
and  wasted  legs ;  a  corner  cupboard ;  two  or 
three  very  dark  mahogany  tables  with  flaps  like 
mathematical  problems ;  some  pickle-bottles,  some 
surgeons'  ditto,  with  gilt  labels  and  without 
stoppers ;  an  unframed  portrait  of  some  lady  who 
flourished  about  the  beginning  of  the  thirteenth 
century,  by  an  artist  who  never  flourished  at  all ; 
an  incalculable  host  of  miscellanies  of  every  de- 
scription, including  armour  and  cabinets,  rags  and 
bones,  fenders  and  street-door  knockers,  fire-iron8> 
wearing-apparel  and  bedding,  a  hall-lamp,  and  a 
room-door.  Imagine,  in  addition  to  this  incon- 
gruous mass,  a  black  doll  in  a  white  frock,  with 
two  faces — one  looking  up  the  street,  and  the 
other  looking  down,  swinging  over  the  door;  a 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


25 


board  with  the  squeezed-up  inscription  '  Dealer  in 
marine  stores,'  in  lanky  white  letters,  whose 
height  is  strangely  out  of  proportion  to  their 
width ;  and  you  have  before  you  precisely  the 
kind  of  shop  to  which  we  wish  to  direct  your 
attention. 

"  Although  the  same  heterogeneous  mixture  of 
things  will  be  found  at  all  these  places,  it  is 
curious  to  observe  how  truly  and  accurately  some 
of  the  minor  articles  which  are  exposed  for  sale — 
articles  of  wearing-app;irel,  for  instance — mark  the 
character  of  the  neighbourhood.  Take  Drury- 
lane  and  Covent-garden  for  example. 

"  This  is  essentially  a  theatrical  neighbourhood. 
There  is  not  a  potboy  in  the  vicinity  who  is  not, 
to  a  greater  or  less  extent,  a  dramatic  character. 
The  errand-boys  and  chandlers'-shop-keepers*  sons, 
are  all  stage-struck  :  they  *  get  up'  plays  in  back 
kitchens  hired  for  the  purpose,  and  will  stand 
before  a  shop-window  for  hours,  contemplating  a 
great  stiiring  portrait  of  'Hx.  somebody  or  other, 
of  the  Eoyal  Coburg  Theatre,  *as  he  appeared  in 
the  character  of  Tongo  tlie  Denounced.'  The 
consequence  is,  that  there  is  not  a  marine-store 
shop  in  the  neighbourhood,  which  does  not  exhibit 
for  sale  some  faded  articles  of  dramatic  finery, 
such  as  three  or  four  pairs  of  soiled  buff  boots 
with  turn-over  red  tops,  heretofore  worn  by  a 
*  fourth  robber,'  or  '  fifth  mob ; '  a  pair  of  rusty 
broad-swords,  a  few  gauntlets,  and  certain  re- 
splendent ornaments,  which,  if  they  were  yellow 
instead  of  white,  might  be  taken  for  insurance 
plates  of  the  Sun  Fire-office.  There  are  several 
of  these  shops  in  the  narrow  streets  and  dirty 
courts,  of  which  there  are  so  many  near  the 
national  theatres,  and  they  all  have  tempting 
goods  of  this  description,  with  the  addition,  per- 
haps, of  a  lady's  pink  dress  covered  with  span- 
gles; white  wreaths,  stage  shoes,  and  a  tiara  like 
a  tin  lamp  reflector.  They  have  been  purchased  of 
some  wretched  supernumeraries,  or  sixth-rate 
actors,  and  are  now  offered  for  the  benefit  of  the 
rising  generation,  who,  on  condition  of  making 
certain  weekly  payments,  amounting  in  the  whole 
to  about  ten  times  their  value,  may  avail  them- 
selves  of  such  desirable  bargains. 

"  Let  UB  take  a  very  different  quarter,  and 
apply  it  to  the  same  test  Look  at  a  marine-store 
dealer's,  in  that  reservoir  of  dirt,  drunkenness, 
and  drabs :  tliieves,  oysters,  baked  potatoes,  and 
pickled  salmon  —  Katclilf- high  way.  Here,  the 
wearing-apparel  is  all  nautical.  Rough  blue 
jackets,  with  mother-of-pearl  buttons,  oil-skin  hats, 
coarse  checked  shirts,  and  large  canvass  trousers 
that  look  as  if  they  were  made  tor  a  pair  of  bodies 
instead  of  a  pair  of  kgs,  are  the  staple  commo- 
ditie*.  Then,  there  are  large  bunches  of  cotton 
pocke^bandkercbiefs,  in  colour  and  pattern  unlike 
any  one  ever  saw  before,  with  the  exception  of 
those  on  the  Jwcks  of  the  three  young  ladies  with- 
out bonneU  who  passed  just  now.  The  furniture 
is  much  the  same  a«  elsewhere,  with  the  addition 
of  one  or  two  models  of  ships,  and  some  old 
prints  of  naval  engagements  in  still  older  frames. 
In  the  window  are  a  few  compasses,  a  small  tray 
contamiog  nlrer  watches  in  clumsy  thick  cases; 


and  tobacco-boxes,  the  lid  of  each  ornamented 
with  a  ship,  or  an  anchor,  or  some  such  trophy. 
A  sailor  generally  pawns  or  sells  all  he  has  before 
he  has  been  long  ashore,  and  if  he  does  not,  some 
favoured  companion  kindly  saves  him  the  trouble. 
In  cither  case,  it  is  an  even  chance  that  he  after- 
wards unconsciously  repurchases  the  same  things 
at  a  higher  price  than  he  gave  for  them  at  first. 

"  Agiiin  :  pay  a  visit,  with  a  similar  object,  to  a 
part  of  London,  as  xmlike  both  of  these  as  they 
are  to  each  other.  Cross  over  to  the  Siirry  side, 
and  look  at  such  shops  of  this  description  as  are 
to  be  found  near  the  King's  Bench  prison,  and  in 
'  the  Kules.'  How  different,  and  how  strikingly 
illustrative  of  the  decay  of  some  of  the  unfortunate 
residents  in  this  part  of  the  metropolis  !  Impri- 
sonment and  neglect  have  done  their  work.  There 
is  contamination  in  the  profligate  denizens  of  a 
debtors'  prison  ;  old  friends  have  fallen  off;  the 
recollection  of  former  prosperity  has  passed  away; 
and  with  it  all  thoughts  for  the  past,  all  care  for 
the  future.  First,  watches  and  rings,  then  cloaks, 
coats,  and  all  the  more  expensive  articles  of  dress, 
have  found  tlieir  way  to  the  pawnbroker's.  That 
miserable  resource  has  failed  at  last,  and  the  sale 
of  some  trifling  article  at  one  of  these  shops,  has 
been  the  only  mode  left  of  raising  a  shilling  or 
two,  to  meet  the  urgent  demands  of  the  moment. 
Dressing-cases  and  writing-desks,  too  old  to  pawn 
but  too  good  to  keep ;  guns,  fishing-rods,  musical 
instruments,  all  in  the  same  condition;  liave  first 
been  sold,  and  the  sacrifice  has  been  but  slightly 
felt.  ]3ut  hunger  must  be  allayed,  and  what  has 
already  become  a  habit,  is  easily  resorted  to, 
when  an  emergency  arises.  Light  articles  of 
clothing,  first  of  the  ruined  man,  then  of  his  wife, 
at  last  of  their  children,  even  of  the  youngest, 
have  been  parted  with,  piecemeal.  There  they 
are,  thrown  carelessly  together  until  a  purchaser 
presents  himself,  old,  and  patched  and  repaired, 
it  is  true ;  but  the  make  and  materials  tell  of 
better  days  :  and  the  older  they  are,  the  greater 
the  misery  and  destitution  of  those  whom  they 
once  adorned." 

Of  tub  Strest-sellebs  of  Second-hand 
Apparel. 
Thr  multifariousness  of  the  articles  of  this  trade 
is  limited  only  by  what  the  uncertainty  of  the 
climate,  the  caprices  of  fashion,  or  the  established 
styles  of  apparel  in  the  kingdom,  have  caused  to 
bo  worn,  flung  aside,  and  re  worn  as  a  revival  of 
an  obsolete  style.  It  is  to  be  remarked,  however, 
that  of  the  old-fashioned  styles  none  that  are 
costly  have  been  revived.  Laced  coats,  and  em- 
broidered and  lappeted  waistcoats,  have  long  dis- 
appeared from  second-hand  traffic — the  last  stage 
of  fashions — and  indeed  from  all  places  but  court 
or  fiincy  balls  and  the  theatre. 

The  great  mart  for  second-hand  apparel  was, 
in  the  last  century,  in  Monmotith-street ;  now, 
by  one  of  those  arbitrary,  and  iilmost  always 
inappropriate,  changes  in  the  nomcnchtture  of 
streeU,  termed  Dudley-street,  Seven  Dials.  "  Mon> 
mouth-street  finery"  was  a  common  term  to  ex- 
press tawdrincss  and  pretence.    Now  Monmouth- 


C  8 


26 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


street,  for  its  new  name  is  hardly  legitimated, 
has  no  finery.  Its  second-hand  wares  are  almost 
wholly  confined  to  old  boots  and  shoes,  which  are 
vamped  up  with  a  good  deal  of  trickery ;  so  much  so 
that  a  shoemaker,  himself  in  the  poorer  practice 
of  the  "  gentle  craft,"  told  me  that  blacking  and 
brown  paper  were  the  materials  of  Monmouth- 
street  cobbling.  Almost  every  master  in  Mon- 
mouth-street  now  is,  I  am  told,  an  Irishman  ;  and 
the  great  majority  of  the  workmen  are  Irishmen 
also.  There  were  a  few  Jews  and  a  few  cock- 
neys in  this  well-known  street  a  year  or  two 
back,  but  now  this  branch  of  the  second-hand 
trade  is  really  in  the  hands  of  what  may  be 
called  a  clan.  A  little  business  is  carried  on  in 
second-hand  apparel,  as  well  as  boots  and  shoes, 
but  it  is  insignificant. 

The  head-quarters  of  this  second-hand  trade 
are  now  in  Petticoat  and  Eosemary  lanes,  espe- 
cially in  Petticoat-lane,  and  the  traffic  there 
carried  on  may  be  called  enormous.  As  in  other 
departments  of  commerce,  both  in  our  own  capital, 
in  many  of  our  older  cities,  and  in  the  cities  of 
the  Continent,  the  locality  appropriated  to  this 
traffic  is  one  of  narrow  streets,  dark  alleys,  and 
most  oppressive  crowding.  The  traders  seem  to 
judge  of  a  Kag-fair  garment,  whether  a  cotton 
frock  or  a  ducal  coachman's  great-coat,  by  the 
touch,  more  reliably  than  by  the  sight ;  they  in- 
spect, so  to  speak,  with  their  fingers  more  than 
their  eyes.  But  the  business  in  Petticoat  and 
Rosemary  lanes  is  mostly  of  a  retail  character. 
The  wholesale  mart — for  the  trade  in  old  clothes 
has  both  a  wholesale  and  retail  form — is  in  a  place 
of  especial  curiosity,  and  one  of  which,  as  being 
little  known,  I  shall  first  speak. 

Of  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange. 
The  trade  in  second-hand  apparel  is  one  of  the 
most  ancient  of  callings,  and  is  known  in  almost 
every  country,  but  anything  like  the  Old  Clothes 
Exchange  of  the  Jewish  quarter  of  London,  in 
the  extent  and  order  of  its  business,  is  unequalled 
in  the  world.  There  is  indeed  no  other  such 
place,  and  it  is  rather  remarkable  that  a  business 
occupying  so  many  persons,  and  requiring  such 
facilities  for  examination  and  arrangement,  should 
not  until  the  year  1843  have  had  its  regulated 
proceedings.  The  Old  Clothes  Exchange  is  the 
latest  of  the  central  marts,  established  in  the  me- 
tropolis. 

Smithfield,  or  the  Cattle  Exchange,  is  the 
oldest  of  all  the  markets ;  it  is  mentioned  as  a 
place  for  the  sale  of  horses  in  the  time  of  Henry 
II.  Billingsgate,  or  the  Fish  Exchange,  is  of 
ancient,  but  uncertain  era.  Covent  Garden — the 
largest  Fruit,  Vegetable,  and  Flower  Exchange — 
first  became  established  as  the  centre  of  such  com- 
merce in  the  reign  of  Charles  II. ;  the  establish- 
ment of  the  Borough  and  Spitalfields  markets,  as 
other  marts  for  the  sale  of  fruits,  vegetables,  and 
flowers,  being  nearly  as  ancient.  The  Royal 
Exchange  dates  from  the  days  of  Queen  Elizabeth, 
and  the  Bank  of  England  and  the  Stock-Exchange 
from  those  of  William  III.,  while  the  present  pre- 
mises for  the  Corn  and  Coal  Exchanges  are  modern. 


Were  it  possible  to  obtain  the  statistics  of  the 
last  quarter  of  a  century,  it  would,  perhaps,  be 
found  that  in  none  of  the  important  interests 
I  have  mentioned  has  there  been  a  greater  in- 
crease of  business  than  in  the  trade  in  old  clothes. 
Whether  this  purports  a  high  degree  of  national 
prosperity  or  not,  it  is  not  my  business  at  present 
to  inquire,  and  be  it  as  it  may,  it  is  certain  that, 
until  the  last  few  years,  the  trade  in  old  clothes 
used  to  be  carried  on  entirely  in  the  open  air,  and 
this  in  the  localities  which  I  have  pointed  out  in 
my  account  of  the  trade  in  old  metal  (p.  10,  vol.  ii.) 
as  comprising  the  Petticoat-lane  district.  The  old 
clothes  trade  was  also  pursued  in  Rosemary-lane, 
but  then — and  so  indeed  it  is  now — this  was  but  a 
branch  of  the  more  ^centralized  commerce  of  Petti- 
coat-lane. The  head-quarters  of  the  traffic  at 
that  time  were  confined  to  a  space  not  more  than 
ten  square  yards,  adjoining  Cutler-street.  The 
chief  traffic  elsewhere  was  originally  in  Cutler- 
street,  White-street,  Carter-street,  and  in  Harrow- 
alley — the  districts  of  the  celebrated  Rag-fair. 

The  confusion  and  clamour  before  the  institu- 
tion of  the  present  arrangements  Avere  extreme. 
Great  as  was  the  extent  of  the  business  transacted, 
people  wondered  how  it  could  be  accomplished,  for 
it  always  appeared  to  a  stranger,  that  there  could 
be  no  order  whatever  in  all  the  disorder.  The 
wrangling  was  incessant,  nor  were  the  trade- 
contests  always  confined  to  wrangling  alone.  The 
passions  of  the  Irish  often  drove  them  to  resort  to 
cufis,  kicks,  and  blows,  which  the  Jews,  although 
with  a  better  command  over  their  tempers,  were 
not  slack  in  returning.  The  East  India  Company, 
some  of  whose  warehouses  adjoined  the  market, 
frequently  complained  to  the  city  authorities  of 
the  nuisance.  Complaints  from  other  quarters 
were  also  frequent,  and  sometimes  as  many  as 
200  constables  were  necessary  to  restore  or  enforce 
order.  The  nuisance,  however,  like  many  a 
public  nuisance,  was  left  to  remedy  itself,  or 
rather  it  was  left  to  be  remedied  by  individual 
enterprise.  Mr.  L.  Isaac,  the  present  proprietor, 
purchased  the  houses  which  then  filled  up  the  back 
of  Phil's-buildings,  and  formed  the  present  Old 
Clothes  Exchange.  This  was  eight  years  ago ; 
now  there  are  no  more  policemen  in  the  locality 
than  in  other  equally  populous  parts. 

Of  Old  Clothes  Exchanges  there  are  now 
two,  both  adjacent,  the  one  first  opened  by  Mr. 
Isaac  being  the  most  important.  This  is  100 
feet  by  70,  and  is  the  mart  to  which  the  collectors 
of  the  cast-off  apparel  of  the  metropolis  bring  their 
goods  for  sale.  The  goods  are  sold  wholesale  and 
retail,  for  an  old  clothes  merchant  will  buy  either 
a  single  hat,  or  an  entire  wardrobe,  or  a  sackful 
of  shoes, — I  need  not  say  pairs,  for  odd  shoes 
are  not  rejected.  In  one  department  of  "  Isaac's 
Exchange,"  however,  the  goods  are  not  sold  to 
parties  who  buy  for  their  own  wearing,  but  to  the 
old  clothes  merchant,  who  buys  to  sell  again.  In 
this  portion  of  the  mart  are  90  stalls,  averaging 
about  six  square  feet  each. 

In  another  department,  which  communicates 
with  the  first,  and  is  two-thirds  of  the  size,  are 
assembled  such  traders  as  buy  the  old  garments  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


27 


dispose  of  them,  either  after  a  process  of  cleaning, 
or  when  they  have  been  repaired  and  renovated. 
These  buyers  are  generally  shopkeepers,  residing 
in  the  old  clothes  districts  of  Marylebone-lane, 
Holywell-street,  Monmouth-street,  Union-street 
(Borough),  Saffron-hill  (Field-lane),  Drury-lane, 
Shoreditch,  the  Waterloo-road,  and  other  places 
of  which  I  shall  have  to  speak  hereafter. 

The  difference  between  the  first  and  second 
class  of  buyers  above  mentioned,  is  really  that  of 
the  merchant  and  the  retail  shopkeeper.  The  one 
buys  literally  anything  presented  to  him  which  is 
vendible,  and  in  any  quantity,  for  the  supply  of 
the  wholesale  dealers  from  distant  parts,  or  for 
exportation,  or  for  the  general  trade  of  London. 
The  other  purchases  what  suits  his  individual 
trade,  and  is  likely  to  suit  regular  or  promiscuous 
customers. 

In  another  part  of  the  same  market  is  carried 
on  the  retail  old  clothes  trade  to  any  one — shop- 
keeper, artisan,  clerk,  eostermonger,  or  gentlemen. 
This  indeed,  is  partially  the  case  in  the  other 
parts.  "  Yesh,  inteet,"  said  a  Hebrew  trader, 
whom  I  conversed  with  on  the  subject,  "  I  shall 
be  clad  to  shell  you  one  coat,  sir.  Dish  von  is 
shust  your  shize;  it  is  verra  sheep,  and  vosh 
made  by  one  tip-top  shnip."  Indeed,  the  keenness 
and  anxiety  to  trade — whenever  trade  seems 
possible — causes  many  of  the  frequenters  of  these 
marts  to  infringe  the  arrangements  as  to  the 
manner  of  the  traffic,  though  the  proprietors 
endeavour  to  cause  the  regulations  to  be  strictly 
adhered  to. 

The  second  Exchange,  which  is  a  few  yards 
apart  from  the  other  is  known  as  Simmons  and 
Levy's  Clothes  Exchange,  and  is  unemployed,  for 
it«  more  especial  business  purposes,  except  in 
the  mornings.  The  commerce  is  then  wholesale, 
for  here  are  sold  collections  of  unredeemed  pledges 
in  wearing  apparel,  consigned  there  by  the  pawn- 
brokers, or  the  buyers  at  the  auctions  of  unre- 
deemed goods;  as  well  as  draughts  from  the 
stocks  of  the  wardrobe  dealers;  a  quantity  of 
military  or  naval  stores,  and^  such  like  articles. 
In  the  afternoon  the  stalls  are  occupied  by  retail 
dealers.  The  ground  is  about  as  large  as  the  first- 
mentioned  exchange,  but  is  longer  and  narrower. 

In  neither  of  these  places  is  there  even  an 
attempt  at  architectural  elegance,  or  even  neat- 
ness. The  stalls  and  partitions  are  of  unpainted 
wood,  the  walls  are  bare,  the  only  care  that 
seems  to  be  manifested  is  that  the  places  should 
be  dry.  In  the  first  instance  the  plainness  was 
no  doubt  a  necessity  from  motives  of  prudence,  as 
the  establishments  were  merely  speculations,  and 
now  everything  but  bminet*  seems  to  be  disre- 
garded. The  Old  Clothes  Exchanges  have  as- 
suredly one  recommendation  as  they  are  now 
seen — their  appropriateness.  They  have  a  tbread- 
bwe,  patched,  and  second-hand  look.  The  dresses 
worn  by  the  dealers,  and  the  dresses  they  deal 
io,  an  all  in  accordance  with  the  genius  of  the 
plao*.  But  the  eagemeM,  crowding,  and  energy, 
are  tbe  grand  features  of  the  scene ;  and  of  ^1 
the  nuuiy  curious  sights  in  London  there  is  none 
so  pictureeque  (from  the  various  costumes  of  the 


buyers  and  sellers),  none  so  novel,  and  none  so 
animated  as  that  of  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange. 

Business  is  carried  on  in  the  wholesale  depart- 
ment of  the  Old  Clothes  Exchanges  every  day 
during  the  week;  and  in  the  retail  on  each  day 
except  the  Hebrew  Sabbath  (Saturday).  The 
Jews  in  the  old  clothes  trade  observe  strictly  the 
command  that  on  their  Sabbath  day  they  shall  do 
no  manner  of  work,  for  on  a  visit  I  paid  to  the 
Exchange  last  Saturday,  not  a  single  Jew  could  I 
see  engaged  in  any  business.  But  though  the 
Hebrew  Sabbath  is  observed  by  the  Jews  and 
disregarded  by  the  Christians,  the  Christian 
Sabbath,  on  the  other  hand,  is  disregarded  by  Jew 
and  Christian  alike,  some  few  of  the  Irish  ex- 
cepted, who  may  occasionally  go  to  early  mass, 
and  attend  at  the  Exchange  afterwards.  Sunday, 
therefore,  in  "  Kag-fair,"  is  like  the  other  days  of 
the  week  (Saturday  excepted) ;  business  closes  on 
the  Sunday,  however,  at  2  instead  of  6. 

On  the  Saturday  the  keen  Jew- traders  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  the  Exchanges  may  be  seen 
standing  at  their  doors — after  the  synagogue  hours 
— or  looking  out  of  their  windows,  dressed  in  their 
best.  The  dress  of  the  men  is  for  the  most  part 
not  distinguishable  from  that  of  the  English  on 
the  Sunday,  except  that  there  may  be  a  greater 
glitter  of  rings  and  watch-guards.  The  dress  of 
the  women  is  of  every  kind;  becoming,  handsome, 
rich,  tawdry,  but  seldom  neat. 

Op  the  Wholesale  Business  at  the  Old 
Clothes  Exchanqb. 
A  considerable  quantity  of  the  old  clothes  dis- 
posed of  at  the  Exchange  are  bought  by  mer- 
chants from  Ireland.  They  are  then  packed  in 
bales  by  porters,  regularly  employed  for  the 
purpose,  and  who  literally  build  them  up  square 
and  compact.  These  bales  are  each  worth  from 
50/.  to  300/.,  though  seldom  300/.,  and  it  is 
curious  to  reflect  from  how  many  classes 
the  pile  of  old  garments  has  been  collected 
—  how  many  privations  have  been  endured 
before  some  of  these  habiliments  found  their 
way  into  the  possession  of  tho  old  clothes- 
man — what  besotted  debauchery  put  others  in 
his  possession — with  what  cool  calculation  others 
v/ere  disposed  of — how  many  were  procured  for 
money,  and  how  many  by  the  tempting  offers  of 
flowers,  glass,  crockery,  spars,  table-covers,  lace, 
or  millinery — what  was  the  clothing  which  could 
first  be  spared  when  rent  was  to  be  defrayed  or 
bread  to,be  bought,  and  what  was  treasured  until  the 
last — in  what  scenes  of  gaiety  or  gravity,  in  the 
opera-house  or  the  senate,  had  the  perhaps  departed 
wearers  of  some  of  that  heap  of  old  clothes 
figured — through  how  many  possessors,  and  again 
through  what  new  scenes  of  middle-class  or 
artizan  comfort  had  these  dresses  passed,  or  through 
what  accidents  of  "  genteel "  privation  and  desti- 
tution— and  lastly  through  what  necessities  of 
squalid  wretchedness  and  low  debauchery. 

Every  kind  of  old  attire,  from  tho  hiahest  to 
the  very  lowest,  I  was  emphatically  told,  wa« 
sent  to  Ireknd. 

Some  of  the  balet  are  composed  of  garments 


28 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


originally  made  for  the  labouring  classes.  These 
are  made  up  of  every  description  of  colour  and 
material — cloth,  corduroy,  woollen  cords,  fustian, 
moleskin,  flannel,  velveteen,  plaids,  and  the  several 
varieties  of  those  substances.  In  them  are  to  be 
seen  coats,  greatcoats,  jackets,  trousers,  and 
breeches,  but  no  other  habiliments,  such  as  boots, 
shirts,  or  stockings.  I  was  told  by  a  gentleman, 
who  between  40  and  50  years  ago  Avas  familiar 
with  the  liberty  and  poorer  parts  of  Dublin,  that 
the  most  coveted  and  the  most  saleable  of  all 
second-hand  apparel  was  that  of  leather  breeches, 
worn  commonly  in  some  of  the  country  parts 
of  England  half  a  century  back,  and  sent 
in  considerable  quantities  at  that  time  from 
Loudon  to  Ireland.  These  nether  habiliments 
were  coveted  because,  as  the  Dublin  sellers  would 
say,  they  *'  would  Avear  for  ever,  and  look  illigant 
after  that,"  Buckskin  breeches  are  now  never 
worn  except  by  grooms  in  their  liveries,  and 
gentlemen  when  hunting,  so  that  the  trade  in 
them  in  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange,  and  their  ex- 
portation to  Ireland,  are  at  an  end.  The  next  most 
saleable  thing — I  may  mention,  incidentally — 
vended  cheap  and  second-hand  in  Dublin,  to  the 
poor  Irishmen  of  the  period  I  speak  of,  was  a 
wig  !  And  happy  was  the  man  who  could  wear 
two,  one  over  the  other. 

«  Some  of  the  Irish  buyers  who  are  regular  fre- 
quenters of  the  London  Old  Clothes  Exchange, 
take  a  small  apartment,  often  a  garret  or  a  cellar, 
in  Petticoat-lane  or  its  vicinity,  and  to  this  room 
they  convey  their  purchases  until  a  sufficient  stock 
has  been  collected.  Among  these  old  clothes  the 
Irish  possessors  cook,  or  at  any  rate  eat,  their 
meals,  and  upon  them  they  sleep.  I  did  not  hear 
that  such  dealers  were  more  than  ordinarily  un- 
healthy ;  though  it  may,  perhaps,  be  assumed  that 
such  habits  are  fatal  to  health.  What  may  be  the 
average  duration  of  life  among  old  clothes  sellers 
who  live  in  the  midst  of  their  wares,  I  do  not 
know,  and  believe  that  no  facts  have  been  col- 
lected on  the  subject;  but  I  certainly  saw  among 
them  some  very  old  men. 

Other  wholesale  buyers  from  Ireland  occupy 
decent  lodgings  in  the  neighbourhood — decent 
considering  the  locality.  In  Phil's-buildings,  a 
kind  of  wide  alley  which  forms  one  of  the  ap- 
proaches to  the  Exchange,  are  eight  respectable 
apartments,  almost  always  let  to  the  Irish  old 
clothes  merchants. 

Tradesmen  of  the  same  class  come  also  from 
the  large  towns  of  England  and  Scotland  to  buy 
for  their  customers  some  of  the  left-ofF  clothes  of 
London. 

Nor  is  this  the  extent  of  the  wholesale  trade. 
Bales  of  old  clothes  are  exported  to  Belgium  and 
Holland,  but  principally  to  Holland.  Of  the 
quantity  of  goods  thus  exported  to  the  Continent 
not  above  one-half,  perhaps,  can  be  called  old 
clothes,  while  among  these  the  old  livery  suits  are  in 
the  best  demand.  The  other  goods  of  this  foreign 
trade  are  old  serges,  duffles,  carpeting,  drugget, 
and  heavy  woollen  goods  generally,  of  all  the 
descriptions  which  I  have  before  enumerated  as 
parcel  of  the  second-hand  trade  of  the  streets. 


Old  merino  curtains,  and  any  second-hand  decora- 
tions of  fringes,  woollen  lace,  &c.,  are  in  demand 
for  Holland. 

Twelve  bales,  averaging  somewhere  about  100^. 
each  in  value,  but  not  fully  100^.,  are  sent  direct 
every  week  of  the  year  from  the  Old  Clothes 
Exchange  to  distant  places,  and  this  is  not  the 
whole  of  the  traffic,  apart  from  what  is  done  retail. 
I  am  informed  on  the  best  authority,  that  the 
average  trade  may  be  stated  at  1500/.  a  week 
all  the  year  round.  When  I  come  to  the 
conclusion  of  the  subject,  however,  I  shall  be 
able  to  present  statistics  of  the  amount  turned 
over  in  the  respective  branches  of  the  old 
clothes  trade,  as  well  as  of  the  number  of  the 
traffickers,  only  one-fourth  of  whom  are  now 
Jews. 

The  conversation  which  goes  on  in  the  Old 
Clothes  Exchange  during  business  hours,  apart 
from  the  "  larking  "  of  the  young  sweet-stuff  and 
orange  or  cake-sellers,  is  all  concerning  business, 
but  there  is,  even  while  business  is  being  trans- 
acted, a  frequent  interchange  of  jokes,  and  even  of 
practical  jokes.  The  business  talk— I  was  told 
by  an  old  clothes  collector,  and  I  heard  similar 
remarks — is  often  to  the  following  effect : — 

"  How  much  is  this  here  ]  "  says  the  man  who 
comes  to  buy.  "  One  pound  live,"  replies  the 
Jew  seller.  "  I  won't  give  you  above  half  the 
money."  "  Half  de  money,"  cries  the  salesman, 
"  I  can't  take  dat.  Vat  above  the  16s.  dat  you 
offer  now  vill  you  give  for  it  ?  Vill  j'ou  give  me 
eighteen?  Veil,  come,  give  ush  your  money,  I  've 
got  ma  rent  to  pay,"  But  the  man  says,  "  I  only 
bid  you  12s.  Qd.,  and  I  shan't  give  no  more," 
And  then,  if  the  seller  finds  he  can  get  him  to 
"  spring"  or  advance  no  further,  he  says,  "  I  shup- 
posh  I  musht  take  your  money  even  if  I  loosh  by 
it.  You  'II  be  a  better  cushtomer  anoder  time." 
[This  is  still  a  common  "  deal,"  I  am  assured  by 
one  who  began  the  business  at  13  years  old,  and 
is  now  upwards  of  60  years  of  age.  The  Pet- 
ticoat-laner  will  always  ask  at  least  twice  as 
much  as  he  means  to  take] 

For  a  more  detailed  account  of  the  mode  of 
business  as  conducted  at  the  Old  Clothes  Ex- 
change I  refer  the  reader  to  p.  368,  vol,  i.  Sub- 
sequent visits  have  shown  me  nothing  to  alter  in 
that  description,  although  written  (in  one  of  my 
letters  in  the  Morning  Chronicle),  nearly  two 
years  ago.  I  have  merely  to  add  that  I  have 
there  mentioned  the  receipt  of  a  halfpenny  toll ; 
but  this,  I  find,  is  not  levied  on  Saturdays  and 
Sundays. 

I  ought  not  to  omit  stating  that  pilfering  one 
from  another  by  the  poor  persons  who  have  col- 
lected the  second-hand  garments,  and  have  carried 
them  to  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange  to  dispose  of, 
is  of  very  rare  occurrence.  This  is  the  more  com- 
mendable, for  many  of  tlie  wares  could  not  be 
identified  by  their  OAvner,  as  he  had  procured 
them  only  that  morning.  If,  as  happens  often 
enough,  a  man  carried  a  dozen  pairs  of  old 
shoes  to  the  Exchange,  and  one  pair  were  stolen,  he 
might  have  some  difficulty  in  swearing  to  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


29 


identity  of  the  pair  purloined.  It  is  true  that 
the  Jews,  and  crock-men,  and  others,  who  collect, 
by  sale  or  barter,  masses  of  old  clothes,  note  all 
their  defects  very  minutely,  and  might  have  no 
moral  doubt  as  to  identity,  nevertheless  the 
magistrate  would  probably  conclude  that  the  legal 
evidence — were  it  only  circumstantial — was  insuf- 
cient.  The  young  thieves,  however,  who  flock 
from  the  low  lodging-houses  in  the  neighbour- 
hood, are  an  especial  trouble  in  Petticoat-lane, 
where  the  people  robbed  are  generally  too  busy, 
and  the  article  stolen  of  too  little  value,  to  induce 
a  prosecution — a  knowledge  which  the  juvenile 
pilferer  is  not  slow  in  acquiring.  Sometimes  when 
these  boys  are  caught  pUfering,  they  are  severely 
beaten,  especially  by  the  women,  who  are  aided 
by  the  men,  if  the  thief  offers  any  formidable  re- 
Bistance,  or  struggles  to  return  the  blows. 

Of  the  Uses  op  Second-hakb  Garments. 
I  HAVE  now  to  describe  the.  uses  to  which  the 
several  kinds  of  garments  which  constitute  the 
commerce  of  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange  are  de- 
voted, whether  it  be  merely  in  the  re-sale  of  the 
apparel,  to  be  worn  in  its  original  form  or  in  a 
repaired  or  renovated  form;  or  whether  it  be 
"worked  up"  into  other  habiliments,  or  be  useful 
for  the  making  of  other  descriptions  of  woollen 
hhricB ;  or  else  whether  it  be  fit  merely  for  its  last 
stages — the  rag-bag  for  the  paper-maker,  or  the 
manure  heap  for  the  hop-grower. 

Each  'Meft-off"  garment  has  its  peculiar  after 
VMS,  according  to  its  material  and  condition.  The 
practised  eye  of  the  old  clothes  man  at  once  era- 
braces  every  capability  of  the  apparel,  and  the 
amount  which  these  capabilities  will  realize  ;  whe- 
ther they  be  woollen,  linen,  cotton,  leathern,  or 
silken  goods ;  or  whether  they  be  articles  which 
cannot  be  classed  under  any  of  those  designations, 
such  as  macintoshes  and  furs. 

A  surtout  coat  is  the  most  serviceable  of  any 
second-hand  clothing,  originally  good.  It  can 
be  rebuffed,  re-collared,  or  the  skirts  re-lined  with 
new  or  old  silk,  or  with  a  substitute  for  silk. 
It  can  be  "restored"  if  the  seams  be  white  and 
the  general  appearance  what  is  best  understood 
by  the  expressive  word  "seedy."  This  restora- 
tion is  a  sort  of  re-dyeing,  or  rather  re-colouring, 
by  the  application  of  gall  and  logwood  with  a 
•mall  portion  of  copperas.  If  the  under  sleeve  be 
worn,  as  it  often  is  by  those  whose  avocations  are 
sedentary,  it  is  renewed,  and  frequently  with  a 
second-hand  piece  of  cloth  "  to  match,"  so  that 
there  is  no  perceptible  difference  between  the 
renewal  and  the  other  parts.  Many  an  honest 
artisan  in  this  way  beeomei  possMsed  of  his 
Sunday  frock-coat,  as  does  many  a  smarter  clerk 
or  tkvfnmn,  impressed  with  a  regard  to  his  per- 
sonal appearance. 

In  Uie  last  century,  I  may  here  obeenre,  and 
perhaps  in  the  early  part  of  the  present,  when 
woollen  cloth  was  much  dearer,  mnch  more  sub- 
■tantkl,  and  therefore  much  more  durable,  it  was 
eoBMoa  for  eeonomists  to  hare  a  good  coat "  turned." 
It  WM  taken  to  pieces  by  the  tailor  and  re-made. 


the  inner  part  becoming  the  outer.  This  mode 
prevailed  alike  in  France  and  England ;  for  Mo- 
lidre  makes  his  miser,  Uarpagon,  magnanimously 
resolve  to  incur  the  cost  of  his  many-years'-old 
coat  being  "  turned,"  for  the  celebration  of  his 
expected  marriage  with  a  young  and  wealthy 
bride.  This  way  of  dealing  with  a  second-hand 
garment  is  not  so  general  now  as  it  was  fermerly 
iu  London,  nor  is  it  in  the  country. 

If  the  surtout  be  incapable  of  restoration  to 
the  appearance  of  a  "  respectable "  garment,  the 
skirts  are  sold  for  the  making  of  cloth  caps; 
or  for  the  material  of  boys'  or  "  youths' "  waist- 
coats ;  or  for  "  poor  country  curates'  gaiters ;  but 
not  so  much  now  as  they  once  were.  The  poor 
journeymen  parsons,"  I  was  told,  "  now  goes 
for  the  new  slops;  they're  often  green,  and  is 
had  by  'vertisements,  and  bills,  and  them  books 
about  fashions  which  is  all  over  both  coun- 
try and  town.  Do  you  know,  sir,  why  them 
there  books  is  always  made  so  small  1  The  leaves 
is  about  four  inches  square.  That 's  to  prevent 
their  being  any  use  as  waste  paper.  I  '11  back  a 
coat  such  as  is  sometimes  sold  by  a  gentleman's 
servant  to  wear  out  two  new  slops." 

Cloaks  are  things  of  as  ready  sale  as  any  kind 
of  old  garments.  If  good,  or  even  reparable,  they 
are  in  demand  both  for  the  home  and  foreign 
trades,  as  cloaks;  if  too  far  gone,  which  is  but 
rarely  the  case,  they  are  especially  available  for 
the  same  purposes  as  the  surtout.  The  same  may 
be  said  of  the  great-coat. 

JJrets-coats  are  far  less  useful,  as  if  cleaned  up 
and  repaired  they  are  not  in  demand  among  the 
working  classes,  and  the  clerks  and  shopmen  on 
small  salaries  are  often  tempted  by  the  price,  I 
was  told,  to  buy  some  wretched  new  slop  thing 
rather  than  a  superior  coat  second-hand.  The 
dress-coats,  however,  are  lued  for  caps.  Sometimes 
a  coat,  for  which  the  collector  may  have  given 
9d.,  is  cut  up  for  the  repairs  of  better  garments. 

Trousers  are  re-seated  and  repaired  where  the 
material  is  strong  enough;  and  they  are,  I  am 
informed,  now  about  the  only  habiliment  which  is 
ever  "  turned,"  and  that  but  exceptionally.  The 
repairs  to  trousers  arc  more  readily  effected  than 
those  to  coats,  and  trousers  are  freely  bought  by 
the  collectors,  and  as  freely  re-bought  by  the 
public. 

Waittcoata — I  still  speak  of  woollen  fabrics — 
are  sometimes  used  in  cap-making,  and  were  used 
in  guiter-making.  But  generally,  at  the  present 
time,  the  worn  edges  are  cut  away,  the  buttons 
renewed  or  replaced  by  a  new  set,  sometimes  of 
glittering  glass,  the  button-holes  repaired  or  their 
jaggedness  gummed  down,  and  so  the  waistcoat 
is  reproduced  as  a  waistcoat,  a  size  smaller. 
Sometimes  a  "  vest,"  as  waistcoats  are  occasionally 
called,  is  used  by  the  cheap  boot-makers  for  the 
"  legs"  of  a  woman's  cloth  booU,  either  laced  or 
buttoned,  but  not  n  quarter  as  much  as  they  would 
be,  I  was  told,  if  the  buttons  and  button-holes  of 
the  waistcoat  would  "  do  again"  in  the  boot. 

Nor  is  the  woollen  garment,  if  too  thin,  too 
worn,  or  too  rotten  to  be  devoted  to  any  of  the 
uses  I  have  specified,  flung  away  as  worthless.     To 


30 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  traders  in  second-hand  apparel,  or  in  the  re- 
mains of  second-hand  apparel,  a  dust-hole  is  an 
unknown  receptacle.  The  woollen  rag,  for  so  it 
is  then  considered,  when  unravelled  can  be  made 
available  for  the  manufacture  of  cheap  yarns, 
being  mixed  with  new  wool.  It  is  more  probable, 
however,  that  the  piece  of  woollen  fabric  which 
has  been  rejected  by  those  who  make  or  mend, 
and  who  must  make  or  mend  so  cheaply  that  the 
veriest  vagrant  may  be  their  customer,  is  formed 
not  only  into  a  new  material,  but  into  a  material 
which  sometimes  is  made  into  a  new  garment. 
These  garments  are  inferior  to  tliose  woven  of  new 
wool,  both  in  look  and  wear ;  but  in  some  articles 
the  re-manufacture  is  beautiful.  The  fabric  thus 
snatched,  as  it  were,  from  the  ruins  of  cloth,  is 
known  as  shoddy,  the  chief  seat  of  manufacture 
being  in  Dewsbury,  a  small  town  in  Yorkshire. 
The  old  material,  when  duly  prepared,  is  torn 
into  wool  again  by  means  of  fine  machinery,  but 
the  recovered  wool  is  shorter  in  its  fibre  and 
more  brittle  in  its  nature ;  it  is,  indeed,  more  a 
woollen  pulp  than  a  wool. 

Touching  this  peculiar  branch  of  manufacture, 
I  will  here  cite  from  the  Morning  Chronicle  a 
brief  description  of  a  Shoddy  Mill,  so  that  the 
reader  may  have  as  comprehensive  a  knowledge 
as  possible  of  the  several  uses  to  which  his  left- 
off  clothes  may  be  put. 

"  The  small  town  of  Dewsbury  holds,  in  the 
woollen  district,  very  much  the  same  position 
which  Oldham  does  in  the  cotton  country — the 
spinning  and  preparing  of  Avaste  and  refuse  ma- 
terials. To  this  stuff  the  name  of  "shoddy"  is 
given,  but  the  real  and  orthodox  "  shoddy  "  is  a 
production  of  the  Avoollen  districts,  and  consists 
of  the  second-hand  wool  manufactured  by  the 
tearing  up,  or  rather  the  grinding,  of  woollen  rags 
by  means  of  coarse  willows,  called  devils;  the 
operation  of  which  sends  forth  choking  clouds  of 
dry  pungent  dirt  and  floating  fibres — the  real  and 
original  "  devil's  dust."  Having  been,  by  the 
agency  of  the  machinery  in  question,  reduced  to 
something  like  the  original  raw  material,  fresh 
wool  is  added  to  the  pulp  ia  different  proportions, 
according  to  the  quality  of  the  stuff  to  be  manu- 
factured, and  the  mingled  material  is  at  length 
reworked  in  the  usual  way  into  a  little  serviceable 
cloth. 

"  There  are  some  shoddy  mills  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  Huddersfield,  but  the  mean  little  town 
of  Dewsbury  may  be  taken  as  the  metropolis  of 
the  manufacture.  Some  mills  are  devoted  solely 
to  the  sorting,  preparing,  and  grinding  of  rags, 
which  are  worked  up  in  the  neighbouring  factories. 
Here  great  bales,  choke  full  of  filthy  tatters,  lie 
scattered  about  the  yard,  while  the  continual 
arrival  of  loaded  waggons  keeps  adding  to  the 
heap.  A  glance  at  the  exterior  of  these  mills 
shows  their  character.  The  walls  and  part  of 
the  roof  are  covered  with  the  thick  clinging  dust 
and  fibre,  which  ascends  in  choky  volumes  from  the 
open  doors  and  glassless  windows  of  the  ground 
floor,  and  which  also  pours  forth  from  a  chimney, 
constructed  for  the  purpose,  exactly  like  smoke. 
The  mill  is  covered  as  with  a  mildewy  fungus,  and 


upon  the  gray  slates  of  the  roof  the  frowzy 
deposit  is  often  not  less  than  two  inches  in  depth. 

In  the  upper  story  of  these  mills  the  rags  are 
stored.  A  great  ware-room  is  piled  in  many 
places  from  the  floor  to  the  ceiling  with  bales  of 
woollen  rags,  torn  strips  and  tatters  of  every 
colour  peeping  out  from  the  bursting  depositories. 
There  is  hardly  a  country  in  Europe  which  does 
not  contribute  its  quota  of  material  to  the  shoddy 
manufacturer.  Eags  are  brought  from  France, 
Germany,  and  in  great  quantities  from  Belgium. 
Denmark,  I  understand,  is  favourably  looked  upon 
by  the  tatter  merchants,  being  fertile  in  morsels  of 
clothing,  of  fair  quality.  Of  domestic  rags,  the 
Scotch  bear  off  the  palm  ;  and  possibly  no  one 
will  be  surprised  to  hear,  that  of  all  rags  Irish 
rags  are  the  most  worn,  the  filthiest,  and  gene- 
rally the  most  unprofitable.  The  gradations  of 
value  in  the  world  of  rags  are  indeed  remarkable. 
I  was  shown  rags  worth  50i.  per  ton,  and  rags 
worth  only  30^.  The  best  class  is  formed  of  the 
remains  of  fine  cloth,  the  produce  of  which,  eked 
out  with  a  few  bundles  of  fresh  wool,  is  destined 
to  go  forth  to  the  world  again  as  broad  cloth,  or 
at  all  events  as  pilot  cloth.  Fragments  of  damask 
and  skirts  of  merino  dresses  form  the  staple  of 
middle-class  rags ;  and  even  the  very  worst  bales 
— they  appear  unmitigated  mashes  of  frowzy 
filth — afford  here  and  there  some  fragments  of 
calico,  which  are  wrought  up  into  brown  paper. 
The  refuse  of  all,  mixed  with  the  stuff  which  even 
the  shoddy-making  devil  rejects,  is  packed  off  to 
the  agricultural  districts  for  use  as  manure,  to  fer- 
tilize the  hop-gardens  of  Kent. 

"  Under  the  rag  ware-room  is  the  sorting  and 
picking  room.  Here  the  bales  are  opened,  and 
their  contents  piled  in  close,  poverty-smelling 
masses,  upon  the  floor.  The  operatives  are  en- 
tirely women.  They  sit  upon  low  stools,  or  half 
sunk  and  half  enthroned  amid  heaps  of  the  filthy 
goods,  busily  employed  in  arranging  them  accord- 
ing to  the  colour  and  the  quality  of  the  morsels, 
and  from  the  more  pretending  quality  of  rags 
carefully  ripping  out  every  particle  of  cotton 
which  they  can  detect.  Piles  of  rags  of  different 
sorts,  dozens  of  feet  high,  are  the  obvious  fruits 
of  their  labour.  All  these  women  are  over  eigh- 
teen years  of  age,  and  the  wages  which  they  are 
paid  for  ten  hours'  work  are  6*\  per  week.  They 
look  squalid  and  dirty  enough ;  but  all  of  them 
chatter  and  several  sing  over  their  noisome  la- 
bour. The  atmosphere  of  the  room  is  close  and 
oppressive  ;  and  although  no  particularly  offensive 
smell  is  perceptible,  there  is  a  choky,  mildewy 
sort  of  odour — a  hot)  moist  exhalation — arising 
from  the  sodden  smouldering  piles,  as  the  work- 
women toss  armfuls  of  rags  from  one  heap  to 
another.  This  species  of  work  is  the  lowest  and 
foulest  which  any  phase  of  the  factory  system  can 
show. 

"  The  devils  are  upon  the  ground  floor.  The 
choking  dust  bursts  out  from  door  and  window, 
and  it  is  not  until  a  minute  or  so  that  the  visitor 
can  see  the  workmen  moving  amid  the  clouds, 
catching  up  armfuls  of  the  sorted  rags  and  tossing 
them  into  the  machine  to  be  torn  into  fibry  frag- 


LOITDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


31 


ments  by  the  whirling  revolutions  of  its  teeth. 
The  place  in  which  this  is  done  is  a  large  bare 
room — the  uncovered  beams  above,  the  roiigh 
stone  walls,  and  the  woodwork  of  the  unglazed 
windows  being  as  it  were  furred  over  Avith  cling- 
ing woolly  matter.  On  the  floor,  the  dust  and 
coarse  filaments  lie  as  if  'it  had  been  snowing 
snuff.'  The  workmen  are  coated  with  the  flying 
powder.  They  wear  bandages  over  their  mouths, 
so  as  to  prevent  as  much  ns  possible  the  inhalation 
of  the  dust,  and  seem  loath  to  remove  the  protec- 
tion for  a  moment.  The  rag  grinders,  with  their 
squalid,  dust-strewn  garments,  powdered  to  a  dull 
grayish  hue,  and  with  their  bandages  tied  over 
the  greater  part  of  their  faces,  move  about  like 
reanimated  mummies  in  their  swathings,  looking 
most  ghastly.  The  wages  of  these  poor  creatures 
do  not  exceed  7j>-.  or  %s.  a  week.  The  men  are 
much  better  paid,  none  of  them  making  less  than 
18*.  a  week,  and  many  earning  as  much  as  22s. 
Not  one  of  them,  however,  will  admit  that  he 
found  the  trade  injurious.  The  dust  tickles  them 
a  little,  they  say,  that  is  all.  They  feel  it  most 
of  a  Monday  morning,  after  being  all  Sunday  in 
the  fresh  air.  When  they  first  take  to  the  work 
it  hurts  their  throats  a  little,  but  they  drink  mint 
tea,  and  that  soon  cures  them.  They  are  all 
more  or  less  subject  to  '  shoddy  fever,'  they  con- 
fess, especially  after  tenting  the  grinding  of  the 
very  dusty  sorts  of  stuff — worsted  stockings,  for 
ex.imple.  The  shoddy  fever  is  a  sort  of  stuffing 
of  the  head  and  nose,  with  sore  throat,  and  it 
sometimes  forces  them  to  give  over  work  for  two 
or  three  days,  or  at  most  a  week ;  but  the  dis- 
order, the  workmen  say,  is  not  faUU,  and  leaves 
no  particularly  bad  eftects. 

"  In  spite  of  all  this,  however,  it  is  manifestly 
impossible  for  human  lungs  to  breathe  under  such 
circumstances  without  suffering.  The  visitor  ex- 
posed to  the  atmosphere  for  ten  minutes  expe- 
riences an  unpleasant  choky  sensation  in  the 
throat,  which  lasts  all  the  remainder  of  the  day. 
The  rag  grinders,  moreover,  according  to  the  best 
accounts,  are  very  subject  to  asthmatic  complaints, 
particularly  when  the  air  is  dull  and  warm.  The 
shoddy  fever  is  said  to  be  like  a  bad  cold,  with 
constant  acrid  running  from  the  nose,  and  a  great 
deal  of  expectoration.  It  is  when  there  is  a  par- 
ticularly dirty  lot  of  nigs  to  be  ground  that  the 
people  are  usually  attacked  in  this  way,  but  the 
fever  seldom  keeps  them  more  than  two  or  three 
days  from  their  work. 

"  In  other  mills  the  rags  are  not  only  ground,  but 
the  shoddy  is  worked  up  into  coarse  bad  'cloth,  a 
great  proportion  of  which  is  sent  to  America  for 
slave  clothing  (and  much  now  sold  to  the  slop- 
shops). 

"After  the  rags  have  been  devilled  into  shoddy, 
the  remaining  processes  are  much  the  same,  al- 
though conducted  in  a  coarser  way,  as  those 
performed  in  the  manufacture  of  woollen  cloth. 
The  weaving  is,  for  the  most  part,  carried  on  at 
the  homes  of  the  workpeople.  The  domestic 
anmngements  consist,  in  every  case,  of  two  tokna- 
bly  large  rooms,  one  above  the  other,  with  a  cellar 
b«ne»th — a  plan  of  construction  called  in  York- 


shire a  "  house  and  a  chamber."  The  chamber 
has  generally  a  bed  amid  the  looms.  The  weavers 
complain  of  irregular  work  and  diminished  wages. 
Their  average  pay,  one  week  with  another,  with 
their  wives  to  wind  for  them — i.  e.,  to  place  tlio 
thread  upon  the  bobbin  which  goes  into  the  shuttle 
— is  hardly  so  much  as  10s.  a  week.  They  work 
long  hours,  often  fourteen  per  day.  Sometimes 
the  weaver  is  a  small  capitalist  with  perhaps  half 
a  dozen  looms,  and  a  hand-jenny  for  spinning 
thread,  the  workpeople  being  within  his  own 
family  as  regular  apprentices  and  journeymen." 

Dr.  Hemingway,  a  gentleman  who  has  a  large 
practice  in  the  shoddy  district,  has  given  the  follow- 
ing information  touching  the  "  shoddy  fever"  : — 

'•  The  disease  popularly  known  as  '  shoddy 
fever,'  and  which  is  of  frequent  occurrence,  is  a 
species  of  bronchitis,  caused  by  the  irritating  effect 
of  the  floating  particles  of  dust  upon  the  mucous 
membrane  of  the  trachea  and  its  ramifications.  In 
general,  the  attack  is  easily  cured — particularly  if 
the  patient  has  not  been  for  any  length  of  lime 
exposed  to  the  exciting  cause — by  effervescing 
saline  draughts  to  allay  the  symptomatic  febrile 
action,  followed  by  expectorants  to  relieve  the 
mucous  membrane  of  the  irritating  dust ;  but  a 
long  continuance  of  employment  in  the  contami- 
nated atmosphere,  bringing  on  as  it  does  repeated 
attacks  of  the  disease,  is  too  apt,  in  the  end,  to 
undermine  the  constitution,  and  produce  a  train  of 
pectoral  diseases,  often  closing  with  pulmonary 
consumption.  Ophthalmic  attacks  are  by  no 
means  uncommon  among  the  shoddy-grinders,  some 
of  whom,  however,  wear  wire-gauze  spectJides  to 
protect  the  eyes.  As  regards  the  effect  of  the 
occupation  upon  health,  it  may  shorten  life  by 
about  five  years  on  a  rough  average,  taking,  of 
course,  as  the  point  of  comparison,  the  average 
longevity  of  the  district  in  which  the  manufacture 
is  carried  on." 

"Shoddy  fever"  is,  in  fact,  a  modification  of 
the  very  fatal  disease  induced  by  what  is  ciilled 
"dry  grinding"  at  Sheffield;  but  of  course  the 
particles  of  woollen  filament  are  less  fatal  in  their 
influence  than  the  floating  steel  dust  produced  by 
the  operation  in  question. 

At  one  time  shoddy  cloth  was  not  good  and 
firm  enough  to  be  used  for  other  purposes  than 
such  as  padding  by  tailors,  and  in  the  inner  linings 
of  carriages,  by  coach-builders.  It  was  not  used 
for  purposes  which  would  expose  it  to  stress,  but 
only  to  a  moderate  wear  or  friction.  Now  shoddy, 
which  modem  improvements  have  made  suscep- 
tible of  receiving  a  fine  dye  (it  always  looked  a 
dead  colour  at  one  period),  is  made  into  cloth  for 
soldiers'  and  sailors'  uniforms  and  for  pilot-coats  ; 
into  blanketing,  drugget,  stair  and  other  carpeting, 
and  into  those  beautiful  table-covers,  with  their 
rich  woolh-n  look,  on  which  elegantly  drawn  and 
elaborately  coloured  designs  are  printed  through 
the  application  of  aquafortis.  Thus  the  rags 
which  the  befigar  could  no  longer  hang  about  him 
to  cover  his  nakedness,  may  be  a  component  of  the 
soldier's  or  sailor's  uniform,  the  carpet  of  a  palace, 
or  the  library  table-cover  of  a  prime-minister. 

There  is  vet  another  use  for  old  woollen  clothes. 


32 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


What  is  not  good  for  shoddy  is  good  for  manure, 
and  more  especially  for  the  manure  prepared  by 
the  agriculturists  in  Kent,  Sussex,  and  Hereford- 
shire, for  the  culture  of  a  difficult  plant — hops. 
It  is  good  also  for  corn  land  (judiciously  used), 
so  that  we  again  have  the  remains  of  the  old 
garment  in  our  beer  or  our  bread. 

I  have  hitherto  spoken  of  woollen  fabrics.  The 
garments  of  other  materials  are  seldom  diverted 
from  their  original  use,  for  as  long  as  they  will 
hold  together  they  can  be  sold  for  exportation  to 
Ireland,  though  of  course  for  very  trifling  amounts. 

The  black  Velvet  and  Satin  Waistcoats — the 
latter  now  so  commonly  worn — are  almost  always 
resold  as  waistcoats,  and  oft  enough,  when  re- 
bound and  rebuttoned,  make  a  very  respectable 
looking  garment.  Nothing  sells  better  to  the 
working-classes  than  a  good  second-hand  vest  of 
the  two  materials  of  satin  or  velvet.  If  the  satin, 
however,  be  so  worn  and  frayed  that  mending  is 
impossible,  the  back,  if  not  in  the  same  plight,  is 
removed  for  rebacking  of  any  waistcoat,  and  the 
satin  thrown  away,  one  of  the  few  things  which 
in  its  last  stage  is  utterly  valueless.  It  is  the 
same  with  silk  waistcoats,  and  for  the  most  part 
with  velvet,  but  a  velvet  waistcoat  may  be  thrown 
in  the  refuse  heap  with  the  woollen  rags  for 
manure.  The  coloured  waistcoats  of  silk  or  velvet 
are  dealt  with  in  the  same  way.  At  one  time, 
when  under-waistcoats  were  worn,  the  edges  being 
just  discernible,  quantities  were  made  out  of  the 
full  waistcoats  where  a  sufficiency  of  the  stuff  was 
unworn.  This  fashion  is  now  becoming  less  and 
less  followed,  and  is  principally  in  vogue  in  the 
matter  of  white  under-waistcoats.  For  the  jean 
and  other  vests — even  if  a  mixture  of  materials — 
there  is  the  same  use  as  what  I  have  described  of 
the  black  satin,  and  failing  that,  they  are  gene- 
rally transferable  to  the  rag-bag. 

Hats  have  become  in  greater  demand  than  ever 
among  the  street- buyers  since  the  introduction 
into  the  London  trade,  and  to  so  great  an  extent, 
of  the  silk,  velvet,  French,  or  Parisian  hats.  The 
construction  of  these  hats  is  the  same,  and  the 
easy  way  in  which  the  hat-bodies  are  made,  has 
caused  a  number  of  poor  persons,  with  no  previous 
knowledge  of  hat-making,  to  enter  into  the  trade. 
"  There  's  hundreds  starving  at  it,"  said  a  hat- 
manufacturer  to  me,  "in  Bennondsej^,  Lock's- 
fields,  and  the  Borough ;  ay,  hundreds."  This 
facility  in  the  making  of  the  bodies  of  the  new 
silk  hats  is  quite  as  available  in  the  restoration  of 
the  bodies  of  the  old  hats,  as  I  shall  show  from 
the  information  of  a  highly-intelligent  artisan, 
who  told  me  that  of  all  people  he  disliked  rich 
slop-sellers ;  but  there  was  another  class  which  he 
disliked  more,  and  that  was  rich  slop-buyers. 

The  bodies  of  the  stuff  or  beaver  hats  of  the 
best  quality  are  made  of  a  firm  felt,  wrought  up  of 
fine  wool,  rabbits'  hair,  &c,,  and  at  once  elastic, 
firm,  and  light.  Over  this  is  placed  the  nap,  pre- 
pared from  the  hair  of  the  beaver.  The  bodies  of 
the  silk  hats  are  made  of  calico,  which  is  blocked 
(as  indeed  is  the  felt)  and  stiffened  and  pasted  up 
until  "  only  a  hat-maker  can  tell/'  as  it  was  ex- 


pressed to  me,  "  good  sound  bodies  from  bad ;  and 
the  slop-masters  go  for  the  cheap  and  bad."  The 
covering  is  not  a  nap  of  any  hair,  but  is  of  silk  or 
velvet  (the  words  are  used  indifferently  in  the 
trade)  manufactured  for  the  purpose.  Thus  if  an 
old  hat  be  broken,  or  rather  crushed  out  of  all 
shape,  the  body  can  be  glazed  and  sized  up  again 
so  as  to  suit  the  slop  hatter,  if  sold  to  him  as  a 
body,  and  that  whether  it  be  of  felt  or  calico.  If, 
however,  the  silk  cover  of  the  hat  be  not  worn 
utterly  away,  the  body,  without  stripping  off  the 
cover,  can  be  re-blocked  and  re-set,  and  the  silk- 
velvet  trimmed  up  and  "  set,"  or  re-dyed,  and  a 
decent  hat  is  sometimes  produced  by  these  means. 
More  frequently,  however,  a  steeping  shower  of 
rain  destroys  the  whole  fabric. 

Second-hand  Ca^s  are  rarely  brought  into  this 
trade. 

Such  things  as  drawers,  flannel  waistcoats,  and 
what  is  sometimes  called  *'  inner  wear,"  sell  very 
well  when  washed  up,  patched — for  patches  do 
not  matter  in  a  garment  hidden  from  the  eye 
when  worn — or  mended  in  any  manner.  Flannel 
waistcoats  and  drawers  are  often  in  demand  by 
the  street-sellers  and  the  street-labourers,  as  they 
are  considered  "good  against  the  rheumatics." 
These  habiliments  are  often  sold  unrepaired,  having 
been  merely  washed,  as  the  poor  men's  wives  may 
be  competent  to  execute  an  easy  bit  of  tailoring; 
or  perhaps  the  men  themselves,  if  they  have  been 
reared  as  mechanics ;  and  they  believe  (perhaps 
erroneously)  that  so  they  obtain  a  better  bargain. 
Shirts  are  repaired  and  sold  as  shirts,  or  for  old 
linen ;  the  trade  is  not  large. 

Men's  Stockings  are  darned  up,  but  only  when 
there  is  little  to  be  done  in  darning,  as  they  are 
retailed  at  Id.  the  pair.  The  sale  is  not  very 
great,  for  the  supply  is  not.  "  Lots  might  be  sold," 
I  was  informed,  "  if  they  was  to  be  had,  for  them 
flash  coves  never  cares  what  they  wears  under 
their  Wellingtons." 

The  Women's  Apparel  is  sold  to  be  re-worn  in 
its  original  form  quite  as  frequently,  or  more  fre- 
quently, than  it  is  mended  up  by  the  sellers ;  the 
purchasers  often  preferring  to  make  the  alterations 
themselves.  A  gown  of  stuff,  cotton,  or  any 
material,  if  full-sized,  is  frequently  bought  and 
altered  to  fit  a  smaller  person  or  a  child,  and  so 
the  worn  parts  may  be  cut  away.  It  is  very 
rarely  also  that  the  apparel  of  the  middle-classes 
is  made  into  any  other  article,  with  the  sole  ex- 
ception, perhaps,  of  silk  goxvns.  If  a  silk  gown 
be  not  too  much  frayed,  it  is  easily  cleaned  and 
polished  up,  so  as  to  present  a  new  gloss,  and  is 
sold  readily  enough ;  but  if  it  be  too  far  gone  for 
this  process,  the  old  clothes  renovator  is  often 
puzzled  as  to  what  uses  to  put  it.  A  portion  of  a 
black  silk  dress  may  be  serviceable  to  re-line  the 
cuffs  of  the  better  kind>f  coats.  There  is  seldom 
enough,  I  was  told,  to  re-line  the  two  skirts  of  a 
surtout,  and  it  is  difficult  to  match  old  silk ;  a 
man  used  to  buying  a  good  second-hand  surtout,  I 
was  assured,  would  soon  detect  a  difference  in  the 
shade  of  the  silk,  if  the  skirts  were  re-lined  from 
the  remains  of  different  gowns,  and  say,  "  I  '11  not 
give  any  such  money  for  that  piebald   thing." 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


33 


Skirts  may  be  sometimes  re-lined  this  way  on  the 
getting  np  of  frock  coats,  but  very  rarely.  There 
is  the  same  difficulty  in  using  a  coloured  silk  gown 
for  the  re-covering  of  a  parasol.  The  quantity 
may  not  be  enough  for  the  gores,  and  cannot  be 
matched  to  satisfy  the  eye,  for  the  buyer  of  a  silk 
parasol  even  in  Rosemary-lane  may  be  expected  to 
be  critical.  "When  there  is  enough  of  good  silk 
for  the  purposes  I  have  mentioned,  then,  it  must 
be  borne  in  mind,  the  gown  may  be  more  valuable, 
because  saleable  to  be  re-worn  as  a  gown.  It  is 
the  same  with  satin  dresses,  but  only  a  few  of 
them,  in  comparison  with  the  silk,  are  to  be  seen 
at  the  Old  Clothes'  Exchange. 

Among  the  purposes  to  which  portions  of  worn 
silk  gowns  are  put  are  the  making  of  spencers 
for  little  girls  (usually  by  the  purchasers,  or  by 
the  dress-maker,  who  goes  out  to  work  for  Is.  a 
day),  of  children's  bonnets,  for  the  lining  of 
women's  bonnets,  the  re-lining  of  muflFs  and  fur- 
tippets,  the  patching  of  quilts  (once  a  rather 
fiajhionable  thing),  the  inner  lining  or  curtains  to  a 
book-case,  and  other  household  appliances  of  a 
like  kind.  This  kind  of  silk,  too,  no  matter  in 
how  minute  pieces,  is  bought  by  the  fancy  cabinet- 
makers (the  small  masters)  for  the  lining  of  their 
dressing-cases  and  work-boxes  supplied  to  the 
warehouses,  but  these  poor  artisans  have  neither 
means  nor  leisure  to  buy  such  articles  of  those 
connected  with  the  traffic  of  the  Old  Clothes'  Ex- 
change, but  must  purchase  it,  of  course  at  an  en- 
hanced price,  of  a  broker  who  has  bought  it  at 
the  Exchange,  or  in  some  establishment  connected 
with  it.  The  second-hand  silk  is  bought  also  for 
the  dressing  of  dolls  for  the  toy-shops,  and  for  the 
lining  of  some  toys.  The  hat-manufacturers  of 
the  cheaper  sort,  at  one  time,  used  second-hand 
silk  for  the  padded  lining  of  hats,  but  such  is 
rarely  the  practice  now.  It  was  once  used  in  the 
same  manner  by  the  bookbinders  for  lining  the 
inner  part  of  the  back  of  a  book.  If  there  be 
any  part  of  silk  in  a  dress  not  suitable  for  any  of 
these  purposes  it  is  wasted,  or  what  is  accounted 
wasted,  although  it  may  have  been  in  wear  for 
years.  It  is  somewhat  remarkable,  that  while 
woollen  and  even  cotton  goods  can  be  "shoddied" — 
and  if  they  are  too  rotten  for  that,  they  are  made 
available  for  manure,  or  in  the  manufacture  of  paper 
— no  use  is  made  of  the  refuse  of  silk.  Though  one  of 
the^most  beautiful  and  costly  of  textile  fabrics,  its 
"  remains  "  are  thrown  aside,  when  a  beggar's  rags 
are  preserved  and  made  profitable.  There  can  be 
little  doubt  that  silk,  like  cotton,  could  be  shoddied, 
but  whether  such  a  speculation  would  be  remune- 
rative or  not  is  no  part  of  my  present  inquiry. 

There  is  not,  a«  I  shall  subsequently  show,  so 
great  an  exportation  of  female  attire  as  might  be 
expected  in  comparison  with  male  apparel ;  the 
poorer  claMes  of  the  metropolis  being  too  anxious 
to  get  any  decent  gown  when  within  their  slender 


iStayy,  imleM  of  superior  make  and  in  good 
condition,  are  little  bought  by  the  classes  who  are 
the  chief  customers  of  the  old-clothes'  men  in 
London.  I  did  not  hear  any  reason  for  this  from 
any  of  the  old*c]othei'  people.     One  man  thought. 


if  there  was  a  family  of  daughters,  the  stays 
which  had  became  too  small  for  the  elder  girl  we're 
altered  for  the  younger,  and  that  poor  women  liked 
to  mend  their  old  stays  as  long  as  they  would  stick 
together.  Perhaps,  there  may  be  some  repugnance 
— especially  among  the  class  of  servant-maids 
who  have  not  had  "to  rough  it" — to  wear  street- 
j  collected  stays;  a  repugnance  not,  perhaps,  felt 
in  the  wearing  of  a  gown  which  probably  can  be 
washed,  and  is  not  worn  so  near  the  person.  The 
stays  that  are  collected  are  for  the  most  part  ex- 
ported, a  great  portion  being  sent  to  Ireland.  If 
they  are  "  worn  to  rags,"  the  bones  are  taken  out; 
but  in  the  slop-made  stays,  it  is  not  whalebone, 
but  wood  that  is  used  to  give,  or  preserve  the  due 
shape  of  the  corset,  and  then  the  stays  are 
valueless. 

Old  Stockings  are  of  great  sale  both  for  home 
wear  and  foreign  trade.  In  the  trade  of  women's 
stockings  there  has  been  in  the  last  20  or  25 
years  a  considerable  change.  Before  that  period 
black  stockings  were  worn  by  servant  girls,  and 
the  families  of  working  people  and  small  trades- 
men ;  they  "  saved  washing.  Now,  even  in  Petti- 
coat-lane, women's  stockings  are  white,  or  "  mot- 
tled," or  some  light-coloured,  very  rarely  black. 
I  have  heard  this  change  attributed  to  what  is 
rather  vaguely  called  "  pride."  May  it  not  be 
owing  to  a  more  cultivated  sense  of  cleanliness  1 
The  women's  stockings  are  sold  darned  and 
undarned,  and  at  (retail)  prices  from  \d.  to  Ad. ; 
\d.  or  2d.  being  the  most  frequent  prices. 

The  2>etticoais  and  other  under  clothing  are  not 
much  bought  second-hand  by  the  poor  women  of 
London,  and  are  exported. 

Women's  caps  used  to  be  sold  second-hand,  I 
was  told,  both  in  the  streets  and  the  shops,  but 
long  ago,  and  before  muslin  and  needlework  were 
so  cheap. 

I  heard  of  one  article  which  formerly  supplied 
considerable  "stuff"  (the  word  used)  for  second- 
hand pm^oses,  and  was  a  part,  but  never  a  con- 
siderable part,  of  the  trade  at  Rag-fair.  These 
were  the  "pillions,"  or  large,  firm,  solid  cushions 
which  were  attached  to  a  saddle,  so  that  a  horse 
"  carried  double."  Fifty  years  ago  the  farmer  and 
his  wife,  of  the  more  prosperous  order,  went 
regularly  to  church  and  market  on  one  horse,  a 
pillion  sustaining  the  good  dame.  To  the  best 
sort  of  these  pillions  was  appended  what  was 
called  the  "  pillion  cloth,"  often  of  a  fine,  but  thin 
quality,  which  being  really  a  sort  of  housing  to 
the  horse,  cut  straight  and  with  few  if  any  seams, 
was  an  excellent  material  for  what  I  am  informed 
was  formerly  called  "  making  and  mending."  The 
colour  was  almost  exclusively  drab  or  blue.  The 
pillion  on  which  the  squire's  lady  rode — and 
Sheridan  makes  his  Lady  Teazle  deny  "the 
pillion  and  the  coach-horse,"  the  butler  being  her 
cavalier — was  a  perfect  piece  of  upholstery,  set  off 
with  lace  and  fringes,  which  again  were  excellent 
for  secondhand  sale.  Such  a  means  of  convey- 
ance may  still  linger  in  some  secluded  country 
parts,  but  it  is  generally  speaking  obsolete. 

Boots  and  Shoes  arc  not  to  be.  had,  I  am  told, 
in  anfficient  quantity  for  the  demand  from  the 


34 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


slop-shops,  the  "  translators,"  and  the  second-hand 
dealers.  Great  quantities  of  second-hand  boots  and 
shoes  are  sent  to  Ireland  to  be  "translated"  there. 
Of  all  the  wares  in  this  traffic,  the  clothing  for  the 
feet  is  what  is  most  easily  prepared  to  cheat  the 
eye  of  the  inexperienced,  the  imposition  having 
the  aids  of  heel-ball,  &c.,  to  fill  up  crevices,  and 
of  blacking  to  hide  defects.  Even  when  the 
boots  or  shoes  are  so  worn  out  that  no  one  will 
put  a  pair  on  his  feet,  though  purchaseable  for 
about  Id.,  the  insoles  are  ripped  out;  the  soles,  if 
there  be  a  sufficiency  of  leather,  are  shaped  into 
insoles  for  children's  shoes,  and  these  insoles  are 
sold  in  bundles  of  two  dozen  pairs  at  2d.  the 
bundle.  So  long  as  the  boot  or  shoe  be  not  in  many 
holes,  it  can  be  cobblered  up  in  Monraouth-street 
or  elsewhere.  Of  the  "translating"  business 
transacted  in  those  localities  I  had  the  follow- 
ing interesting  account  from  a  man  who  was 
lately  engaged  in  it. 

"  Translation,  as  I  understand  it  (said  my  in- 
formant), is  this — to  take  a  worn,  old  pair  of  shoes 
or  boots,  and  by  repairing  them  make  them  appear 
as  if  left  off  with  hardly  any  wear — as  if  they 
were  only  soiled.  I  '11  tell  you  the  way  they 
manage  in  Monmouth-street.  There  are  in  the 
trade  '  horses'  heads ' — a  *  horse's  head  '  is  the  foot 
of  a  boot  with  sole  and  heel,  and  part  of  a  front — 
the  back  and  the  remainder  of  the  front  having 
been  used  for  refooting  boots.     There  are  also 

*  stand-bottoms  '  and '  lick-ups.'  A  *  stand-bottom  ' 
is  where  the  shoe  appears  to  be  only  soiled,  and  a 
'  lick-up '  is  a  boot  or  shoe  re-lasted  to  take  the 
wrinkles  out,  the  edges  of  the  soles  having  been 
rasped  and  squared,  and  then  blacked  up  to  hide 
blemishes,  and  the  bottom  covered  with  a  /  smo- 
ther,' which  I  will  describe.  There  is  another 
article  called  a  *  flyer/  that  is,  a  shoe  soled  with- 
out having  been  welted.     In  Monmouth-street  a 

*  horse's  head  '  is  generally  retailed  at  25.  Qd.,  but 
some  fetch  45.  &d. — that 's  the  extreme  price. 
They  cost  the  translator  from  Is.  a  dozen  pair  to 
85.,  but  those  at  85.  are  good,  and  are  used  for 
the  making  up  of  Wellington  boots.  Some 
'horses'  heads' — such  as  are  cut  off  that  the  boots 
may  be  re-footed  on  account  of  old  fashion,  or  a 
misfit,  when  hardly  worn— fetch  2*.  6cZ.  a  pair, 
and  they  are  made  up  as  new-footed  boots,  and 
sell  from  IO5.  to  155.  The  average  price  of  feet 
(that  is,  for  the  '  horse's  head,'  as  we  call  it)  is 
4(Z,,  and  a  pair  of  .backs  say  2d.  ;  the  back  is 
attached  loosely  by  chair  stitching,  as  it  is  called, 
to  tiie  heel,  instead  of  being  stitched  to  the  in- 
sole, as  in  a  new  boot.  The  wages  for  all  this  is 
I5.  id.  in  Monraouth-street  (in  Union-street,  Bo- 
rough, Is.  6d.) ;  but  I  was  told  by  a  master  that 
he  had  got  the  work  done  in  Gray's-inn-lane  at  9d. 
Put  it,  liowever,  at  I5.  id.  wages — then,  with  id. 
and  2d.  for  the  feet  and  back,  we  have  Is.  lOd. 
outlay  (the  workman  finds  his  own  grindery),  and 
8d.  profit  on  each  pair  sold  at  a  rate  of  '2s.  6d. 
Some  masters  will  sell  from  70  to  80  pairs  per 
week  :   that  'a   under  the   mark  ;    and  that 's  in 

*  horses'  heads '  alone.  One  man  employs,  or  did 
latel}'  employ,  seven  men  on  *  horses'  heads ' 
solely.     The   profit   generally,  in   fair  shops,  in 


'stand-bottoms,'  is  from  I5.  6d.  to  25,  per  pair,  as 
they  sell  generally  at  85.  6d.  One  man  takes,  or 
did  take,  100/.  in  a  day  (it  was  calculated  as  an 
average)  over  the  counter,  and  all  for  the  sort  of 
shoes  I  have  described.  The  profit  of  a  *  lick-up  ' 
is  the  same  as  that  of  a  '  stand-bottom.'  To  show 
the  villanous  way  the  *  stand-bottoms '  are  got 
up,  I  will  tell  you  this.  You  have  seen  a  broken 
upper-leather;  well,  we  place  a  piece  of  leather, 
waxed,  underneath  the  broken  part,  on  which  we 
set  a  few  stitches  through  and  through.  When 
dry  and  finished,  we  take  what  is  called  a  '  soft- 
heel-ball  '  and  '  smother '  it  over,  so  that  it  some- 
times would  deceive  a  currier,  as  it  appears  like 
the  upper  leather.  With  regard  to  the  bottoms, 
the  worn  part  of  the  sole  is  opened  from  the  edge, 
a  piece  of  leather  is  made  to  fit  exactly  into  the 
hole  or  worn  part,  and  it  is  then  nailed  and  filed 
untl  level.  Paste  is  then  applied,  and  '  smother  ' 
put  over  the  part,  and  that  imitates  the  dust  of  the 
road.  This  *  smother '  is  obtained  from  the  dust 
of  the  room.  It  is  placed  in  a  silk  stocking,  tied 
at  both  ends,  and  then  shook  through,  just  like  a 
powder-pufF,  only  we  shake  at  both  ends.  It  is 
powdered  out  into  our  leather  apron,  and  mixed 
with  a  certain  preparation  which  I  will  describe 
to  you  (he  did  so),  but  I  would  rather  not  have 
it  published,  as  it  would  lead  others  to  practise 
similar  deceptions.  I  believe  there  are  about 
2000  translators,  so  you  may  judge  of  the  extent 
of  the  trade  ;  and  translators  are  more  constantly 
employed  than  any  other  branch  of  the  business. 
Many  make  a  great  deal  of  money.  A  journeyman 
translator  can  earn  from  85.  to  45.  a  day.  You 
can  give  the  average  at  2O5.  a  week,  as  the  wages 
are  good.  It  must  be  good,  for  we  have  25.  for 
soling,  heeling,  and  welting  a  pair  of  boots  ;  and 
some  men  don't  get  more  for  making  them.  Mon- 
mouth-street is  nothing  like  what  it  was  ;  as  to 
curious  old  garments,  that's  all  gone.  There's 
not  one  English  master  in  the  translating  business 
in  Monmouth-street — they  are  all  Irish;  and 
there  is  now  hardly  an  English  workman  there — 
perhaps  not  one.  I  believe  that  all  the  tradesmen  in 
Monmouth-street  make  their  workmen  lodge  with 
them.  I  was  lodging  with  one  before  I  married  a 
little  while  ago,  and  I  know  the  system  to  be  the 
same  now  as  it  was  then,  unless,  indeed,  it  be  al- 
tered for  the  worse.  To  show  how  disgusting  these 
lodgings  must  be,  I  will  state  this : — I  knew  a 
Komari  Catholic,  who  was  attentive  to  his  religious 
duties,  but  when  pronounced  on  the  point  of  death, 
and  believing  firmly  that  he  was  dying,  he  would 
not  have  his  priest  administer  extreme  unction,  for 
the  room  was  in  such  a  filthy  and  revolting  state 
he  would  not  allow  him  to  see  it.  Five  men 
worked  and  slept  in  that  room,  and  they  were 
working  and  sleeping  there  in  the  man's  illness — 
all  the  time  that  his  life  was  despaired  of.  He  was 
ill  nine  weeks.  Unless  the  working  shoemaker 
lodged  there  he  would  not  be  employed.  Each 
man  pays  25.  a  week.  I  was  there  once,  but  I 
couldn't  sleep  in  such  a  den  ;  and  five  nights  out 
of  the  seven  I  slept  at  my  mother's,  but  my  lodg- 
ing had  to  be  paid  all  the  same.  These  men 
(myself  excepted)    were   all    Irish,   and  all  tee- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


35 


totallers,  as  waa  the  master.  How  often  was 
the  room  cleaned  out,  do  you  say  ]  Never,  sir, 
never.  The  refuse  of  the  men's  labour  waa  gene- 
rally burnt,  smudged  away  in  the  grate,  smelling 
terribly.  It  would  stifle  you,  though  it  didn't  me, 
because  I  got  used  to  it.  I  lodged  in  Union-street 
once.  My  employer  had  a  room  known  as  the 
'  barracks ;'  every  lodger  paid  him  25.  6d.  a  week. 
Five  men  worked  and  slept  there,  and  three  were 
ritters — that  is,  men  who  paid  Is.  a  week  to  sit 
there  aud  work,  lodging  elsewhere.  A  little  be- 
fore that  there  were  six  sitters.  The  furniture 
was  one  table,  one  chair,  and  two  beds.  There 
waa  no  place  for  purposes  of  decency  :  it  fell  to 
bits  firom  decay,  and  was  never  repaired.  This 
barrack  man  always  stopped  the  2s.  6d.  for  lodg- 
ing, if  he  gave  you  only  that  amount  of  work  in 
the  week.  The  beds  were  decent  enough  ;  but 
as  to  Monmouth-street  !  you  don't  see  a  clean 
sheet  there  for  nine  weeks ;  and,  recollect,  such 
snobs  are  dirty  fellows.  There  was  no  chair  in 
the  Monmouth-street  room  that  I  have  spoken  of, 
the  men  having  only  their  seats  used  at  work  ; 
but  when  the  beds  were  let  down  for  the  night, 
the  seats  had  to  be  placed  in  the  fire-place  because 
tliere  was  no  space  for  them  in  the  room.  In 
many  houses  in  Monmouth-street  there  is  a  sys- 
tem of  sub-letling  among  the  journeymen.  In  one 
room  lodged  a  man  and  his  wife  (a  laundress 
worked  there),  four  children,  and  two  single 
young  men.  The  wife  was  actually  delivered  in 
this  room  whilst  the  men  kept  at  their  work — 
they  never  lost  an  hour's  work  ;  nor  is  this  an 
unusnal  case — it 's  not  an  isolated  case  at  all.  I 
could  instance  ten  or  twelve  cases  of  two  or  three 
married  people  living  in  one  room  in  that  street. 
The  rats  have  scampered  over  the  beds  that  lay 
huddled  together  in  the  kitchen.  The  husband  of 
the  wife  confined  as  I  have  described  paid  4*.  a 
week,  and  the  two  single  men  paid  2^.  a  week  each, 
so  the  master  was  rent  free  ;  sind  he  received  from 
each  man  Is.  Gd.  a  week  for  tea  (without  sugar), 
and  no  bread  and  butter,  and  2d.  a  day  for  pota- 
toes— that 's  the  regular  charge." 

In  connection  with  the  translation  of  old  boots 
and  shoes,  I  have  obtained  the  following  statistics. 
There 


In  Drury-lane  and  ttreds  adjacent,  about. ...    fiO  shops. 

Seven-dull               do.  do.    ....  lUC)  do. 

Monmouth-itrcet      do.  do 40  do. 

Hanway-court,  Oxford-«treet  do 4  do. 

LiMon-KTove  do.  do 100  do. 

Paddington  do.  do 30  do. 

Petticoat-Une  (sbopt,  stands.  &c.)    do 200  do. 

Somcnr-town  do.  do M  do. 

FleM-lane,  SaRYon-hUl  do 40  do. 

Clerkeowell  do 30  do. 

Bcthnal-green.  Spltalflelda  do.    100  do. 

~             ir-lane,  Ace.  do.    ....    30  do. 


774  thopi , 

employing  upwards  of  2000  men  in  making-up 
and  repairing  old  boota  and  shoes  ;  besides  hun- 
dred! of  poor  men  and  women  who  strive  for  a 
cmst  by  buying  and  selling  the  old  material,  pre- 
viooflly  to  translating  it,  and  by  mending  op  what 
will  mend.  Tbey  or  their  children  stand  in  the 
•treet  and  try  to  sell  thera. 


Monmouth-street,  now  the  great  old  shoe  dis- 
trict, has  been  "  sketched"  by  Mr.  Dickens,  not  as 
regards  its  connection  with  the  subject  of  street- 
sale  or  of  any  particular  trade,  but  as  to  its 
general  character  and  appearance.  I  first  cite  Mr. 
Dickens'  description  of  the  Seven  Dials,  of  which 
Monmouth-street  is  a  seventh  : — 

"The  stranger  who  finds  himself  in  'The  Dials' 
for  the  first  time,  and  stands,  Belzoni-like,  at  the 
entrance  of  seven  obscure  passages,  uncertain 
which  to  take,  will  see  enough  around  him  to 
keep  his  curiosity  and  attention  awake  for  no 
inconsiderable  time.  From  the  irregular  square 
into  which  he  has  plunged,  the  streets  and  courts 
dart  in  all  directions,  until  they  are  lost  in  the 
unwholesome  vapour  which  hangs  over  the  house- 
tops, and  renders  the  dirty  perspective  uncertain 
and  confined  ;  and,  lounging  at  every  comer,  as  if 
they  came  there  to  take  a  few  gasps  of  such  fresh 
air  as  has  found  its  way  so  far,  but  is  too  much 
exhausted  already,  to  be  enabled  to  force  itself 
into  the  narrow  alleys  around,  are  groups  of 
people,  whose  appearance  and  dwellings  would  fill 
any  mind  but  a  regular  Londoner's  with  astonish- 
ment. 

"  In  addition  to  the  numerous  groups  who  are 
idling  about  the  gin-shops  and  squabbling  in  the 
centre  of  the  road,  every  post  in  the  open  space 
has  its  occupant,  who  leans  against  it  for  hours, 
with  listless  perseverance.  It  is  odd  enough  that 
one  class  of  men  in  London  appear  to  have  no 
enjoyment  beyond  lenning  against  posts.  We 
never  saw  a  regular  bricklayer's  labourer  take  any 
other  recreation,  fighting  excepted.  Pass  through 
St.  Giles's  in  the  evening  of  a  week-day,  there 
they  are  in  their  fustian  dresses,  spotted  wiih 
brick-dust  and  whitewash,  leaning  against  posts. 
Walk  through  Seven  Dials  on  Sunday  morning  : 
there  they  are  again,  drab  or  light  corduroy 
trowsers,  131ucher  boots,  blue  coats,  and  great 
yellow  waistcoats,  leaning  against  posts.  The 
idea  of  a  man  dressing  himself  in  his  best  clothes, 
to  lean  against  a  post  all  day  ! 

"  The  peculiar  character  of  these  streets,  and 
the  close  resemblance  each  one  bears  to  its  neigh- 
bour, by  no  means  tends  to  decrease  the  bewilder- 
ment in  which  the  unexperienced  wayfarer  through 
'the  Dials'  finds  himself  involved.  He  traversea 
streets  of  dirty,  straggling  houses,  with  now  and 
then  an  unexpected  court,  composed  of  buildings 
as  ill-proportioned  and  deformed  as  the  half-naked 
children  that  wallow  in  the  kennels.  Here  and 
there,  a  little  dark  chandler's  shop,  with  a  cracked 
bell  hung  up  behind  the  door  to  announce  the  en- 
trance of  a  customer,  or  betray  the  presence  of 
some  young  gentleman  in  whom  a  passion  for  shop 
tills  haa  developed  itaelf  at  an  early  age ;  others, 
as  if  for  support,  against  some  handsome  lofty 
building,  which  usurps  the  place  of  a  low  dingy 
public-house ;  long  rows  of  broken  and  patched 
windows  expoac  planta  that  may  have  flouriahed 
when  '  The  Diala '  were  built,  in  vessels  aa  dirty 
aa  '  The  Diala '  themselves ;  and  shopa  for  the 
purchaae  of  raga,  bonea,  old  iron,  and  kitchcn- 
atuif,  vie  in  cleanjineaa  with  the  bird-fanciers  and 
rabbit-dealers,  which  one  might  buicy  ao  many 


36 


LOKDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


arks,  but  for  the  irresistible  conviction  that  no 
bird  in  its  proper  senses,  who  was  permitted  to 
leave  one  of  them  would  ever  come  back  again. 
Brokers'  shops,  which  would  seem  to  have  been 
established  by  humane  individuals,  as  refuges  for 
destitute  bugs,  interspersed  with  announcements 
of  day-schools,  penny  theatres,  petition-writers, 
mangles,  and  music  for  balls  or  routs,  complete  the 
*  still-life  '  of  the  subject ;  and  dirty  men,  filthy 
■women,  squalid  children,  fluttering  shuttlecocks, 
noisy  battledores,  reeking  pipes,  bad  fruit,  more 
than  doubtful  oysters,  attenuated  cats,  depressed 
dogs,  and  anatomical  fowls,  are  its  cheerful  accom- 
paniments. 

"  If  the  external  appearance  of  the  houses,  or 
a  glance  at  their  inhabitants,  present  but  few  at- 
tractions, a  closer  acquaintance  with  either  is  little 
calculated  to  alter  one's  first  impression.  Every 
room  has  its  separate  tenant,  and  every  tenant  is, 
by  the  same  mysterious  dispensation  which  causes 
a  country  curate  to  'increase  and  multiply'  most 
marvellously,  generally  the  head  of  a  numerous 
family. 

"  The  man  in  the  shop,  perhaps,  is  in  the  baked 
'jemmy'  line,  or  the  fire-wood  and  hearth-stone 
line,  or  any  other  line  which  requires  a  floating 
capital  of  eighteen  pence  or  thereabouts  :  and  he 
and  his  family  live  in  the  shop,  and  the  small  back 
parlour  behind  it.  Then  there  is  an  Irish  la- 
bourer and  his  family^  in  the  back  kitchen,  and 
a  jobbing-man  —  carpet-beater  and  so  forth — 
with  his  family,  in  the  front  one.  In  the  front 
one  pair  there  's  another  man  with  another  wife 
and  family,  and  in  the  back  one-pair  there 's  *  a 
young  'oman  as  takes  in  tambour-work,  and 
dresses  quite  genteel,'  who  talks  a  good  deal 
about  '  my  friend,'  and  can't  *  abear  anything  low,' 
The  second  floor  front,  and  the  rest  of  the  lodgers, 
are  just  a  second  edition  of  the  people  below,  ex- 
cept a  shabby-genteel  man  in  the  back  attic,  who 
has  his  half-pint  of  coffee  every  morning  from  the 
coffee-shop  next  door  but  one,  which  boasts  a  little 
front  den  called  a  coffee-room,  with  a  tire-place, 
over  which  is  an  inscription,  politely  requesting 
that,  '  to  prevent  mistakes,'  customers  will  *  please 
to  pay  on  delivery.'  The  shabby-genteel  man  is 
an  object  of  some  mystery,  but  as  he  leads  a  life 
of  seclusion,  and  never  was  known  to  buy  any- 
thing beyond  an  occasional  pen,  except  half-pints 
of  coffee,  penny  loaves,  and  ha'porths  of  ink,  his 
fellow-lodgers  very  naturally  suppose  him  to  be  an 
author;  and  rumours  are  current  in  the  Dials, 
that  he  writes  poems  for  Mr.  Warren. 

"  Now  any  body  who  passed  through  the  Dials 
on  a  hot  summer's  evening,  and  saw  the  different 
women  of  the  house  gossiping  on  the  steps,  would 
be  apt  to  think  that  all  was  harmony  among  them, 
and  that  a  more  primitive  set  of  people  than  the 
native  Diallers  could  not  be  imagined.  Alas  !  the 
man  in  the  shop  illtreats  his  family ;  the  carpet- 
beater  extends  his  professional  pursuits  to  his  wife  ; 
the  one-pair  front  has  an  undying  feud  with  the 
two-pair  front,  in  consequence  of  the  two-pair 
front  persisting  in  dancing  over  his  (the  one-pair 
front's)  head,  when  he  and  his  &mily  have  retired 
for  the  night;  the  two-pair  back  will  interfere 


with  the  front  kitchen's  children ;  the  Irishman 
comes  home  drunk  every  other  night,  and  attacks 
every  body ;  and  the  one-pair  back  screams  at 
everything.  Animosities  spring  up  between  floor 
and  floor ;  the  very  cellar  asserts  his  equality. 
Mrs.  A.  'smacks'  Mrs.  B.'s  child  for  'making 
faces.'  Mrs.  B.  forthwith  throws  cold  water  over 
Mrs.  A.'s  child  for  '  calling  names.'  The  husbands 
are  embroiled — the  quarrel  becomes  general — an 
assault  is  the  consequence,  and  a  police-ofiicer  the 
result." 

Of  Monmouth-street  the  same  author  says  : — 

"  We  have  always  entertained  a  particular 
attachment  towards  Monmouth-street,  as  the  only 
true  and  real  emporium  for  second-hand  wearing 
apparel.  Monmouth-street  is  venerable  from  its 
antiquity,  and  respectable  from  its  usefulness. 
Holywell-street  we  despise  ;  the  red-headed  and 
red-whiskered  Jews  who  forcibly  haul  you  into 
their  squalid  houses,  and  thrust  you  into  a  suit  of 
clothes  whether  you  will  or  not,  we  detest. 

"  The  inhabitants  of  Monmouth-street  are  a 
distinct  class;  a  peaceable  and  retiring  race,  who 
immure  themselves  for  the  most  part  in  deep 
cellars,  or  small  back  parlours,  and  who  seldom 
come  forth  into  the  world,  except  in  the  dusk  and 
coolness  of  evening,  when  they  may  be  seen 
seated,  in  chairs  on  the  pavement,  smoking  their 
pipes,  or  watching  the  gambols  of  their  engaging 
children  as  they  revel  in  the  gutter,  a  happy  troop 
of  infantine  scavengers.  Their  countenances  bear 
a  thoughtful  and  a  dirty  cast,  certain  indications 
of  their  love  of  traflic ;  and  their  habitations  are 
distinguished  by  that  disregard  of  outward  ap- 
pearance, and  neglect  of  personal  comfort,  so 
common  among  people  who  are  constantly  im- 
mersed in  profound  speculations,  and  deeply  en- 
gaged in  sedentary  pursuits. 

"  Through  every  alteration  and  every  change 
Monmouth-street  has  still  remained  the  burial- 
place  of  the  fashions;  and  such,  to  judge  from  all 
present  appearances,  it  will  remain  until  there  are 
no  more  fashions  to  bury." 

^  Op  the  Streex-Sbliebs  op  Petticoat  and 

Rosemary-Lanes. 
Immediately  connected  with  the  trade  of  the 
central  mart  for  old  clothes  are  the  adjoining  streets 
of  Petticoat-lane,  and  those  of  the  not  very  dis- 
tant Rosemary-lane.  In  these  localities  is  a 
second-hand  garment-seller  at  almost  every  step, 
but  the  whole  stock  of  these  traders,  decent, 
frowsy,  half-rotten,  or  smart  and  good  habilments, 
has  first  passed  through  the  channel  of  the  Ex- 
change. The  men  who  sell  these  goods  have  all 
bought  them  at  the  Exchange — the  exceptions 
being  insignificant — so  that  tliis  street-sale  is  but 
an  extension  of  the  trade  of  the  central  mart, 
with  the  addition  that  the  wares  have  been  made 
ready  for  use. 

A  cursory  observation  might  lead  an  inexpe- 
rienced person  to  the  conclusion,  that  these  old 
clothes  traders  who  are  standing  by  the  bundles  of 
gowns,  or  lines  of  coats,  hanging  trom  their  door- 
posts, or  in  the  place  from  which  the  window  has 
been  removed,  or  at  the  sides  of  their  houses,  or 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


87 


piled  in  the  street  before  them,  are  drowsy  people, 
for  they  seem  to  sit  among  [their  property,  lost 
in  thought,  or  caring  only  for  the  fumes  of  a 
pipe.  But  let  any  one  indicate,  even  by  an  ap- 
proving glance,  the  likelihood  of  his  becoming  a 
customer,  and  see  if  there  be  any  lack  of  diligence 
in  business.  Some,  indeed,  pertinaciously  invite 
attention  to  their  wares ;  some  (and  often  well- 
dressed  women)  leave  their  premises  a  few  yards 
to  accost  a  stranger  pointing  to  a  "  good  dress- 
coat"  or  "an  excellent  frock"  (coat).  I  am  told 
that  this  practice  is  less  pursued  than  it  was,  and 
it  seems  that  the  solicitations  are  now  addressed 
chiefly  to  strangers.  These  strangers,  persons 
happening  to  be  passing,  or  visitors  from  curiosity, 
are  at  once  recognised  ;  for  as  in  all  not  very  ex- 
tended localities,  where  the  inhabitants  pursue  a 
similar  calling,  they  are,  as  regards  their  know- 
ledge of  one  another,  as  the  members  of  one 
fiunily.  Thus  a  stranger  is  as  easily  recognised 
as  he  would  be  in  a  little  rustic  hamlet  where 
a  strange  face  is  not  seen  once  a  quarter. 
Indeed  so  narrow  are  some  of  the  streets  and 
alleys  in  this  quarter,  and  so  little  is  there  of 
privacy,  owing  to  the  removal,  in  warm  weather, 
eren  of  the  casements,  that  the  room  is  com- 
manded in  all  its  domestic  details ;  and  as  among 
these  details  there  is  generally  a  further  display  of 
goods  similar  to  the  articles  outside,  the  jammed- 
np  places  really  look  like  a  great  family  house 
with  merely  a  sort  of  channel,  dignified  by  the 
name  of  a  street,  between  the  right  and  left  suites 
of  apartments. 

In  one  off-street,  where  on  a  Sunday  there  is  a 
considerable  demand  for  Jewish  sweet-meats  by 
Christian  boys,  and  a  little  sly,  and  perhaps  not 
very  successful  gambling  on  the  part  of  the  in- 
genuous youth  to  possess  themselves  of  these  con- 
fectionaries  at  the  easiest  rate,  there  arc  some 
mounds  of  builders*  rubbish  upon  which,  if  an  in- 
qaisitire  person  ascended,  he  could  command  the 
details  of  the  upper  rooms,  probably  the  bed 
chambers — if  in  their  crowded  apartments  these 
traders  can  find  spaces  for  beds. 

It  must  not  be  supposed  that  old  clothes  are 
more  than  the  great  staple  of  the  traffic  of  this 
district.  Wherever  persons  are  assembled  there 
are  certain  to  be  purveyors  of  provisions  and  of 
cool  or  hot  drinks  for  warm  or  cold  weather.  The 
interior  of  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange  has  its 
oyster-stall,  its  fountain  of  ginger-beer,  its  coffee- 
house, and  ale-house,  and  a  troop  of  peripatetic 
traders,  boys  principally,  carrying  trays.  Outside 
the  walls  of  the  Exchange  this  trade  is  still 
thicker.  A  Jew  boy  thrusts  a  tin  of  highly-glazed 
cakes  and  pastry  under  the  people's  noses  here ; 
and  on  the  other  side  a  basket  of  oranges  regales 
the  same  sense  by  its  proximity.  At  the  next 
8t«p  the  thorooghiare  is  interrupted  by  a  gaudy- 
looking  gioger-beer,  lemonade,  nupberryade,  and 
nectar  fountain ; "  a  halfpenny  a  glass,  a  halfpenny 
a  glass,  sparkling  lemonade  I "  shouts  the  vendor 
as  you  pass.  The  fountain  and  the  glasses  glitter 
in  the  sun,  the  varnish  of  the  wood-work  shines, 
the  lemonade  really  does  sparkle,  and  all  looks 
th«  owner.     Close  by  is  a  brawny 


young  Irishman,  his  red  beard  unshorn  for  per- 
haps ten  days,  and  his  neck,  where  it  had  been 
exposed  to  the  weather,  a  far  deeper  red  than  his 
beard,  and  he  is  carrying  a  small  basket  of  nuts, 
and  selling  them  as  gravely  as  if  they  were  articles 
suited  to  his  strength.  A  little  lower  is  the  cry, 
in  a  woman's  voice,  "  Fish,  fried  fish  !  Ha'penny ; 
fish,  fried  fish  !  "  and  so  monotonously  and  me- 
chanically is  it  ejaculated  that  one  might  think 
the  seller's  life  was  passed  in  uttering  these  few 
words,  even  as  a  rooli's  is  in  crying  "  Caw,  caw." 
Here  I  saw  a  poor  Irishwoman  who  had  a  child 
on  her  back  buy  a  piece  of  this  fish  (which  may 
be  had  "hot"  or  "cold"),  and  tear  out  a  piece 
with  her  teeth,  and  this  with  all  the  eagerness  and 
relish  of  appetite  or  hunger;  first  eating  the 
brown  outside  and  then  sucking  the  bone.  I  never 
saw  fish  look  firmer  or  whiter.  That  fried  fish  is 
to  be  procured  is  manifest  to  more  senses  than 
one,  for  you  can  hear  the  sound  of  its  being  fried, 
and  smell  the  fumes  from  the  oil.  In  an  open 
window  opposite  frizzle  on  an  old  tray,  small 
pieces  of  thinly-cut  meat,  with  a  mixture  of 
onions,  kept  hot  by  being  placed  over  an  old  pan 
containing  charcoal.  In  another  room  a  mess  of 
batter  is  smoking  over  a  grate.  "  Penny  a  lot, 
oysters,"  resounds  from  different  parts.  Some  of 
the  sellers  command  two  streets  by  establishing 
their  stalls  or  tubs  at  a  corner.  Lads  pass,  carry- 
ing sweet-stuff  on  trays.  I  observed  one  very 
dark-eyed  Hebrew  boy  chewing  the  hard-bake  he 
vended — if  it  were  not  a  substitute — with  an  ex- 
pression of  great  enjoyment.  Heaped-up  trays 
of  fresh-looking  sponge-cakes  are  carried  in  tempt- 
ing pyramids.  Youths  have  stocks  of  large  hard- 
looking  biscuits,  and  walk  aboutcrying,  "Ha'penny 
biscuits,  ha'penny ;  three  a  penny,  biscuits ; " 
these,  with  a  morsel  of  cheese,  often  supply  a 
dinner  or  a  luncheon.  Dates  and  figs,  as  dry  as 
they  are  cheap,  constitute  the  stock  in  trade  of 
other  street-sellers.  "  Coker-nuts "  are  sold  in 
pieces  and  entire  ;  the  Jew  boy,  when  he  invites 
to  the  purchase  of  an  entire  nut,  shaking  it  at 
the  ear  of  the  customer.  I  was  told  by  a  coster- 
monger  that  these  juveniles  had  a  way  of  drum- 
ming with  their  fingers  on  the  shell  so  as  to 
satisfy  a  "  green "  customer  that  the  nut  offered 
was  a  sound  ^ne. 

Such  are  the  summer  eatables  and  drinkables 
which  I  have  lately  seen  vended  in  the  Petticoat- 
lane  district.  In  winter  there  are,  as  long  as  day- 
light lasts— and  in  no  other  locality  perhaps  does 
it  last  so  short  a  time— other  street  provisions, 
and,  if  possible,  greater  zeal  in  selling  them,  the 
hours  of  business  being  circumscribed.  There  is 
then  the  potiito-can  and  the  hot  elder-wine  appa- 
ratus, and  smoking  pies  and  puddings,  and  roasted 
apples  and  chestnuts,  and  walnuts,  and  the  several 
fruits  which  ripen  in  the  autumn — apples,  pearl, 
&c. 

Hitherto  I  have  spoken  only  of  such  eatables 
and  drinkables  as  are  ready  for  consumption,  but 
to  these  the  trade  in  the  Petticoat-lane  district 
is  by  no  means  confined.  There  is  fresh  fish, 
generally  of  the  cheaper  kinds,  and  smoked  or 
dried  fish  (smoked  salmon,  moreover,  is  sold  ready 


Ka  ZZIX. 


38 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


cooked),  and  costermongers'  barrows,  with  their 
loads  of  green  vegetables,  looking  almost  out  of 
place  amidst  the  surrounding  dinginess.  The  cries 
of  "  Fine  cauliflowers,"  "  Large  penny  cabbages," 
"  Eight  a  shilling,  mackarel,"  "  Eels,  live  eels," 
mix  strangely  with  the  hubbub  of  the  busier 
street 

Other  street-sellers  also  abound.  Tou  meet  one 
man  who  says  mysteriously,  and  rather  bluntly, 
**  Buy  a  good  knife,  governor."  His  tone  is  re- 
markable, and  if  it  attract  j^ention,  he  may  hint 
that  he  has  smuggled  goods  which  he  mmt  sell 
anyhow.  Such  men,  I  am  told,  look  out  mostly 
for  seamen,  who  often  resort  to  Petticoat-lane ; 
for  idle  men  like  sailors  on  shore,  and  idle  uncul- 
tivated men  often  love  to  lounge  where  there  is 
bustle.  Pocket  and  pen  knives  and  scissors, 
"  Penny  a  piece,  penny  a  pair,"  rubbed  over  with 
oil,  both  to  hide  and  prevent  rust,  are  carried  on 
trays,  and  spread  on  stalls,  some  stalls  consisting 
of  merelj'  a  tea-chest  lid  on  a  stool.  Another 
man,  carrying  perhaps  a  sponge  in  his  hand,  and 
well-dressed,  asks  you,  in  a  subdued  voice,  if  you 
want  a  good  razor,  as  if  he  almost  suspected  that 
you  meditated  suicide,  and  were  looking  out  for 
the  means  !  This  is  another  ruse  to  introduce 
smuggled  (or  "duffer's")  goods.  Account-books 
are  hawked.  "  Penny-a-quire,"  shouts  the  itinerant 
street  stationer  (who,  if  questioned,  always  de- 
clares he  said  "  Penny  half  quire  "),  "  Stockings, 
stockings,  two  pence  a  pair."  "  Here  'a  your 
chewl-ry ;  penny,  a  penny ;  pick  'em  and  choose 
'em."  [I  may  remark  that  outside  the  window 
of  one  shop,  or  rather  parlour,  if  there  be  any  such 
distinction  here,  I  saw  the  handsomest,  as  far  as 
I  am  able  to  judge,  and  the  best  cheap  jewellery  I 
ever  saw  in  the  streets.]  '•'  Pencils,  sir,  pencils  ; 
steel-pens,  steel-pens  ;  ha'penny,  penny  ;  pencils, 
steel-pens ;  sealing-wax,  wax,  wax,  wax  !  "  shouts 
one,  "  Green  peas,  ha'penny  a  pint ! ''  cries  another. 

These  things,  however,  are  but  the  accompani- 
ments of  the  main  traffic.  But  as  such  things 
accompany  all  traffic,  not  on  a  small  scale,  and 
may  be  found  in  almost  every  metropolitan  tho- 
roughfare, where  the  police  are  not  required,  by 
the  householders,  to  interfere,  I  will  point  out,  to 
show  the  distinctive  character  of  the  street-trade 
in  this  part,  what  is  not  sold  and  not  encouraged. 
I  saw  no  old  books.  There  were  no  flowers ;  no 
music,  which  indeed  could  not  be  heard  except  at 
the  outskirts  of  the  din ;  and  no  beggars  plying 
their  vocation  among  the  trading  class. 

Another  peculiarity  pertaining  alike  to  this  shop 
and  street  locality  is,  that  everything  is  at  the  veriest 
minimum  of  price  ;  though  it  may  not  be  asked,  it 
will  assuredly  be  taken.  The  bottle  of  lemonade 
which  is  elsewhere  a  penny  is  here  a  halfpenny. 
The  tarts,  which  among  the  street-sellers  about  the 
Koyal  Exchange  are  a  halfpenny  each,  are  here 
a  farthing.  When  lemons  are  two  a-penny  in 
St.  George's-market,  Oxford-street,  as  the  long 
line  of  street  stalls  towards  the  western  extremity 
is  called— they  are  three  and  four  a-penny  in 
Petticoat  and  Rosemary  lanes.  Certainly  there 
is  a  difference  in  size  between  the  dearer  and  the 
cheaper  tarts  and  lemons,  and  perhaps  there  is  a 


difference  in  quality  also,  but  the  rule  of  a  mini- 
mized cheapness  has  no  exceptions  in  this  cheap- 
trading  quarter. 

But  Petticoat-lane  is  essentially  the  old  clothes 
district.  Embracing  the  streets  and  alleys  adja- 
cent to  Petticoat-lane,  and  including  the  rows  of 
old  boots  and  shoes  on  the  ground,  there  is 
perhaps  between  two  and  three  miles  of  old  clothes. 
Petticoat-lane  proper  is  long  and  narrow,  and  to  look 
down  it  is  to  look  down  a  vista  of  many  coloured 
garments,  alike  on  the  sides  and  on  the  ground.  The 
effect  sometimes  is  very  striking,  from  tho  variety 
of  hues,  and  the  constant  flitting,  or  gathering,  of 
the  crowd  into  little  groups  of  bargainers.  Gowns 
of  every  shade  and  every  pattern  are  hanging  up, 
but  none,  perhaps,  look  either  bright  or  white ;  it 
is  a  vista  of  dinginess,  but  many  coloured  dingi- 
ness, as  regards  female  attire.  Dress  coats,  frock 
coats,  great  coats,  livery  and  game-keepers'  coats, 
paletots,  tunics,  trowsers,  knee-breeches,  waist- 
coats, capes,  pilot  coats,  working  jackets,  plaids, 
hats,  dressing  gowns,  shirts,  Guernsey  frocks,  are 
all  displayed.  The  predominant  colours  are  black 
and  blue,  but  there  is  every  colour;  the  light  drab 
of  some  aristocratic  livery ;  the  dull  brown-green 
of  velveteen  ;  the  deep  blue  of  a  pilot  jacket ;  the 
variegated  figures  of  the  shawl  dressing-gown  ;  the 
glossy  black  of  the  restored  garments ;  the  shine 
of  newly  turpentined  black  satin  waistcoats  ;  the 
scarlet  and  green  of  some  flaming  tartan ;  these 
things — mixed  with  the  hues  of  the  women's 
garments,  spotted  and  striped — certainly  present 
a  scene  which  cannot  be  beheld  in  any  other  part 
of  the  greatest  city  of  the  world,  nor  in  any  other 
portion  of  the  world  itself. 

The  ground  has  also  its  array  of  colours.  It  is 
covered  with  lines  of  boots  and  shoes,  their  shining 
black  relieved  here  and  there  by  the  admixture 
of  females'  boots,  with  drab,  green,  plum  or 
lavender-coloured  "  legs,"  as  the  upper  part  of  the 
boot  is  always  called  in  the  trade.  There  is,  too, 
an  admixture  of  men's  "button-boots"  with  drab 
cloth  legs ;  and  of  a  few  red,  yellow,  and  russet 
coloured  slippers ;  and  of  children's  coloured  mo- 
rocco boots  and  shoes.  Handkerchiefs,  sometimes 
of  a  gaudy  orange  pattern,  are  heaped  on  a  chair. 
Lace  and  muslins  occupy  small  stands  or  are 
spread  on  the  ground.  Black  and  drab  and  straw 
hats  are  hung  up,  or  piled  one  upon  another  and 
kept  from  falling  by  means  of  strings  ;  while,  in- 
cessantly threading  their  way  through  all  this 
intricacy,  is  a  mass  of  people,   some   of   whose 

j  dresses  speak  of  a  recent  purchase  in  the  lane. 

j  I  have  said  little  of  the  shopkeepers  of  Petti- 
coat-lane, nor  is  it  requisite  for  the  full  elucida- 
tion of  my  present  subject  (which  relates  more 
especially  to  street-sale),  that  I  should  treat  of 
them  otherwise  than  as  being  in  a  great  degree 
connected  with  street-trade.  They  stand  in  the 
street  (in  front  of  their  premises),  they  trade  in 
the  street,  they  smoke  and  read  the  papers  in  the 
street ;  and  indeed  the  greater  part  of  their  lives 
seems  passed  in  the  street,  for,  as  I  have  elsewhere 
remarked,  the  Saturday's  or  Sabbath's  recreation 
to  some  of  them,  after  synagogue  hours,  seems  to 
be  to  stand  by  their  doors  looking  about  them. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


39 


In  the  earlier  periods  of  the  day — the  Jewish 
Sabbath  excepted,  when  there  is  no  market  at  all 
in  Petticoat-lane,  not  even  among  the  Irisii  and 
other  old  clothes  people,  or  a  mere  nothing  of  a 
market — the  goods  of  these  shops  seem  consigned 
to  the  care  of  the  wives  and  female  members  of  the 
families  of  the  proprietors.  The  Old  Clothes  Ex- 
change, like  other  places  known  by  the  name — 
the  Royal  Exchange,  for  example — has  its  daily 
season  of  "high  change."  This  is,  in  summer, 
from  about  half-past  two  to  five,  in  winter,  from 
two  to  four  o'clock.  At  those  hours  the  crock- 
man,  and  the  bartering  costermonger,  and  the  Jew 
collector,  have  sought  the  Exchange  with  their 
respective  bargains;  and  business  there,  and  in  the 
whole  district,  is  at  its  fullest  tide.  Before  this 
hour  the  master  of  the  shop  or  store  (the  latter 
may  be  the  more  appropriate  word)  is  absent 
buying,  collecting,  or  tninsactiug  any  business 
which  requires  him  to  leave  home.  It  is  curious 
to  observe  how,  during  this  absence,  the  women, 
but  with  most  wary  eyes  to  the  business,  sit  in 
the  street  carrj-ing  on  their  domestic  occupations. 
Some,  with  their  young  children  about  them,  are 
shelling  peas ;  some  are  trimming  vegetables ; 
some  plying  their  needles ;  some  of  the  smaller 
traders'  wives,  as  well  as  the  street-sellers  with  a 
"  pitch,"  are  eating  dinners  out  of  basins  (laid 
aside  when  a  customer  approaches),  and  occasion- 
ally some  may  be  engaged  in  what  Mrs.  Trollope 
has  called  (in  noticing  a  similar  procedure  in  the 
boxes  of  an  American  theatre)  "the  most  maternal 
of  all  offices."  The  females  I  saw  thus  occupied 
were  principally  Jewesses,  for  though  those  re- 
sorting to  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange  and  its  con- 
comitant branches  may  be  but  one-fourth  Jews, 
more  than  half  of  the  remainder  being  Irish 
people,  the  householders  or  shopkeepers  of  the 
locality,  when  capital  is  needed,  are  generally 
Israelites. 

It  must  be  borne  in  mind  that,  in  describing 
Petticoat-lane,  I  have  described  it  as  seen  on  a 
fine  sammer's  day,  when  the  business  is  at  its 
height.  Until  an  hour  or  two  after  midday  the 
district  is  quiet,  and  on  very  rainy  days  its  aspect 
is  sufficiently  lamenUible,  for  then  it  appears 
actually  deserted.  Perhaps  on  a  winter's  Saturday 
night — as  the  Jewish  Sablj^th  terminates  at  sun- 
set— the  scene  may  be  the  most  striking  of  all. 
The  flaring  lights  from  uncovered  gas,  from  fat- 
fed  lamps,  from  the  paper-shaded  candles,  and  the 
many  ways  in  which  the  poorer  street- folk  throw 
some  illumination  over  their  goods,  produce  a 
multiplicity  of  lights  and  shadows,  which,  thrown 
and  blended  over  the  old  clothes  hanging  up  along 
the  line  of  street,  cause  them  to  assume  mysterious 
forms,  and  if  the  wind  be  high  make  them,  as  they 
are  blown  to  and  fro,  look  more  mysterious  still. 

On  one  of  my  visits  to  Petticoat-lane  I  saw 
two  foreign  Jews — from  Smyrna  I  was  informed. 
An  old  street-seller  told  mc  Le  believed  it  was 
their  first  visit  to  the  district.  But,  new  as  the 
scene  might  be  to  them,  they  looked  on  impas- 
sively at  all  they  saw.  They  wore  the  handsome 
and  peculiar  dresses  of  their  country.  A  glance 
wu  cut  after  tbcm  l)y  the  Petticoat-lane  people. 


but  that  was  all.  In  the  Strand  they  would  have 
attracted  considerable  attention  ;  not  a  few  heads 
would  have  been  turned  back  to  gaze  after  them  ; 
but  it  seems  that  only  to  those  who  may  possibly 
be  customers  is  any  notice  paid  in  Petticoat-lane. 

KOSEMARY-LANE. 

Rosemary-lane,  which  has  in  vain  been  re- 
christened  Royal  Mint-street,  is  from  half  to  three- 
quarters  of  a  mile  long — that  is,  if  we  include 
only  the  portion  which  runs  from  the  junction  of 
Leman  and  Dock  streets  (near  the  London  Docks) 
to  Sparrow-corner,  where  it  abuts  on  the  Minories. 
Beyond  the  Leman-street  termination  of  Rose- 
mary-lane, and  stretching  on  into  Shadwell,  are 
many  streets  of  a  similar  character  as  regards  the 
street  and  shop  supply  of  articles  to  the  poor ; 
but  as  the  old  clothes  trade  is  only  occasionally 
carried  on  there,  I  shall  here  deal  with  Rosemary- 
lane  proper. 

This  lane  partakes  of  some  of  the  characteris- 
tics of  Petticoat-lane,  but  without  its  so  strongly 
marked  peculiarities.  Rosemary-lane  is  wider  and 
airier,  the  houses  on  each  side  are  loftier  (in  se- 
veral parts),  and  there  is  an  approach  to  a  gin 
palace,  a  thing  unknown  in  Petticoat-lane:  there 
is  no  room  for  such  a  structure  there. 

Rosemary-lane,  like  the  quarter  I  have  last 
described,  has  its  off-streets,  into  which  the  traffic 
stretches.  Some  of  these  off-streets  are  narrower, 
dirtier,  poorer  in  all  respects  than  Rosemary-lane 
itself,  which  indeed  can  hardly  be  stigmatized  as 
very  dirty.  These  are  Glasshouse-street,  Rus- 
sell-court, Hairbrine-court,  Parson's-court,  Blue 
Anchor-yard  (one  of  the  poorest  places  and  with 
a  half-built  look),  Darby-street,  Cartwright-street, 
Peter' s-court,  Princes-street,  Queen-street,  and  be- 
yond these  and  in  the  direction  of  the  Minories, 
Rosemary-lane  becomes  Sharp's-buildings  and 
Sparrow-corner.  There  arc  other  small  non- 
thoroughfare  courts,  sometimes  called  blind  alleys, 
to  which  no  name  is  attached,  but  which  are  very 
well  known  to  the  neighbourhood  as  Union-court, 
&c.  ;  but  as  these  are  not  scenes  of  street-traffic, 
although  they  may  be  the  abodes  of  street-traf- 
fickers, they  require  no  especial  notice. 

The  dwellers  in  the  neighbourhood  or  the  off- 
streets  of  Rosemary-lane,  differ  from  those  of 
Petticoat-lane  by  the  proximity  of  the  former 
place  to  the  Thames.  The  lodgings  here  are 
occupied  by  dredgers,  ballast-heavers,  coal-whip- 
pers,  watermen,  lumpers,  and  others  whoso  trade 
is  connected  with  the  river,  as  well  as  the  slop- 
workers  and  sweaters  working  for  the  Minories. 
The  poverty  of  these  workers  compels  them  to 
lodge  wherever  the  rent  of  the  rooms  is  the 
lowest.  As  a  few  of  the  wives  of  the  ballast- 
heavers,  &c.,  are  street-sellers  in  or  about  Rose- 
mary-lane, the  locality  is  often  sought  by  them. 
About  Petticoat-lane  the  off-streets  are  mostly 
occupied  by  the  old  clothes  merchants. 

In  Rosemary-lane  is  a  greater  stredtrade,  as 
regards  things  placed  on  the  ground  for  retail  sale, 
&c.,  than  in  Petticoat-lane  ;  for  though  the  traffic 
in  the  last-mentioned  lano  is  by  far  the  greatest, 
it  la  more  connected  with  the  shopi,  and  fewer 


40 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


traders  wliose  dealings  are  strictly  those  of  the 
street  alone  resort  to  it.  Rosemary-lane,  too,  is 
more  Irish.  There  are  some  cheap  lodging-houses 
in  the  courts,  &c.,  to  which  the  poor  Irish  flock  ; 
and  as  they  are  very  frequently  street-sellers,  on 
busy  days  the  quarter  abounds  with  them.  At  every 
step  you  hear  the  Erse  tongue,  and  meet  with  the 
Irish  physiognomy ;  Jews  and  Jewesses  are  also 
seen  in  the  street,  and  they  abound  in  the  shops. 
The  street-traffic  does  not  begin  until  about  one 
o'clock,  except  as  regards  the  vegetable,  fish,  and 
oyster-stalls,  &c.;  but  the  chief  business  of  this 
lane,  which  is  as  inappropriately  as  that  of  Petti- 
coat is  suitably  named,  is  in  the  vending  of  the 
articles  which  have  often  been  thrown  aside  as 
refuse,  but  from  which  numbers  in  London  wring 
an  existence. 

One  side  of  the  lane  is  covered  with  old  boots 
and  shoes  ;  old  clothes,  both  men's,  women's,  and 
children's ;  new  lace  for  edgings,  and  a  variety  of 
cheap  prints  and  muslins  (also  new) ;  hats  and 
bonnets;  pots,  and  often  of  the  commonest  kinds; 
tins ;  old  knives  and  forks,  old  scissors,  and  old 
metal  articles  generally ;  here  and  there  is  a  stall 
of  cheap  bread  or  American  cheese,  or  what  is 
announced  as  American  ;  old  glass  ;  diflferent  de- 
scriptions of  second-hand  furniture  of  the  smaller 
size,  such  as  children's  chairs,  bellows,  &c.  Mixed 
with  these,  but  only  very  scantily,  are  a  few  bright- 
looking  swag-barrows,  with  china  ornaments,  toys, 
&c.  Some  of  the  wares  are  spread  on  the  ground 
on  wrappers,  or  pieces  of  matting  or  carpet ;  and 
some,  as  the  pots,  are  occasionally  placed  on  straw. 
The  cotton  prints  are  often  heaped  on  the  ground; 
where  are  also  ranges  or  heaps  of  boots  and  shoes, 
and  piles  of  old  clothes,  or  hats,  or  umbrellas. 
Other  traders  place  their  goods  on  stalls  or  bar- 
rows, or  over  an  old  chair  or  clothes-horse.  And 
amidst  all  this  motley  display  the  buyers  and 
sellers  smoke,  and  shout,  and  doze,  and  bargain, 
and  wrangle,  and  eat  and  drink  tea  and  coffee, 
and  sometimes  beer.  Altogether  Rosemary-lane  is 
more  of  a  street  market  than  is  Petticoat-lane. 

This  district,  like  the  one  I  have  first  described, 
is  infested  with  young  thieves  and  vagrants  from 
the  neighbouring  lodging-houses,  who  may  be  seen 
running  about,  often  bare-footed,  bare-necked,  and 
shirtless,  but  "  larking "  one  with  another,  and 
what  may  be  best  understood  as  "  full  of  fun." 
In  what  way  these  lads  dispose  of  their  plunder, 
and  how  their  plunder  is  in  any  way  connected 
with  the  trade  of  these  parts,  I  shall  show  in  my 
account  of  the  Thieves.  One  pickpocket  told  me 
that  there  was  no  person  whom  he  delighted  so 
much  to  steal  from  as  any  Petticoat-laner  with 
whom  he  had  professional  dealings  ! 

In  Rosemary-lane  there  is  a  busy  Sunday  morn- 
ing trade ;  there  is  a  street-trade,  also,  on  the 
Saturday  afternoons,  but  the  greater  part  of  the 
shops  are  then  closed,  and  the  Jews  do  not  parti- 
cipate in  the  commerce  until  after  sunset. 

The  two  marts  I  have  thus  fully  described  differ 
from  all  other  street-markets,  for  in  these  two 
second-hand  garments,  and  second-hand  merchan- 
dize generally  (although  but  in  a  small  proportion), 
are  the  grand  staple  of  the  traffic.     At  the  other 


street-markets,  the  second-hand  commerce  is  the 
exception. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  of  Men's  Second- 
hand Clothes. 
In  the  following  accounts  of  street-selling,  I  shall 
not  mix  up  any  account  of  the  retailers'  modes  of 
buying,  collecting,  repairing,  or  "  restoring"  the  se- 
cond-hand garments,  otherwise  than  incidentally.  I 
have  already  sketched  the  systems  pursued,  and 
more  will  have  to  be  said  concerning  them  under  the 
head  of  Street-Buyers.  Neither  have  I  thought 
it  necessary,  in  the  further  accounts  I  have  col- 
lected, to  confine  myself  to  the  trade  carried  on  in 
the  Petticoat  and  Rosemary-lane  districts.  The 
greater  portion  relates  to  those  places,  but  my  aim, 
of  course,  is  to  give  an  account  which  will  show 
the  character  of  the  second-hand  trade  of  the  me- 
tropolis generally. 

"  People  should  remember,"  said  an  intelligent 
shoemaker  (not  a  street-seller)  with  whom  I  had 
some  conversation  about  cobbling  for  the  streets, 
"that  such  places  as  Rosemary- lane  have  their 
uses  this  way.  But  for  them  a  very  poor  indus- 
trious widow,  say,  with  only  2(Z.  or  Zd.  to  spare, 
couldn't  get  a  pair  of  shoes  for  her  child  ;  whereas 
now,  for  2d.  or  3c?.,  she  can  get  them  there,  of 
some  sort  or  other.  There  's  a  sort  of  decency, 
too,  in  wearing  shoes.  And  what 's  more,  sir — 
for  I  've  bought  old  coats  and  other  clothes  in  Rose- 
mary-lane, both  for  my  own  wear  and  my  family's, 
and  know  something  about  it — how  is  a  poor  crea- 
ture to  get  such  a  decency  as  a  petticoat  for  a  poor 
little  girl,  if  she  'd  only  a  penny,  unless  there  were 
such  places  T 

In  the  present  state  of  the  very  poor,  it  may  be 
that  such  places  as  those  described  have,  on  the 
principle  that  half  a  loaf  is  better  than  no  bread, 
their  benefits.  But  whether  the  state  of  things  in 
which  an  industrious  widow,  or  a  host  of  in- 
dustrious persons,  can  spare  but  Id.  for  a  child's 
clothing  (and  nothing,  perhaps,  for  their  own),  is 
one  to  be  lauded  in  a  Christian  country,  is  another 
question,  fraught  with  grave  political  and  social 
considerations. 

The  man  from  whom  I  received  the  following 
account  of  the  sale  of  men's  wearing  apparel  was 
apparently  between  SO-and  40  years  of  age.  His 
face  presented  something  of  the  Jewish  physio- 
gnomy, but  he  was  a  Christian,  he  said,  though  he 
never  had  time  to  go  to  church  or  chapel,  and 
Sunday  was  often  a  busy  day ;  besides,  a  man 
must  live  as  others  in  his  way  lived.  He  had 
been  connected  with  the  sale  of  old  clothes  all 
his  life,  as  were  his  parents,  so  that  his  existence 
had  been  monotonous  enough,  for  he  had  never 
been  more  than  five  miles,  he  thought,  from 
Whitechapel,  the  neighbourhood  where  he  was 
born.  In  winter  he  liked  a  concert,  and  was  fond 
of  a  hand  at  cribbage,  but  he  didn't  care  for  the 
play.  His  goods  he  sometimes  spread  on  the 
ground — at  other  times  he  had  a  stall  or  a  "  horse  " 
(clothes-horse). 

"My  customers,"  he  said,  "are  nearly  all 
working  people,  some  of  them  very  poor,  and 
with  large  families.     For  anything  I  know,  some 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


41 


of  tbem  works  with  their  heads,  though,  as  well, 
and  not  their  hands,  for  I  've  noticed  that  their 
hands  is  smallish  and  seems  smoothish,  and  suits 
a  tight  sleeve  very  well.  I  don't  know  what 
they  are.  How  should  11  I  asks  no  questions, 
and  they  '11  tell  me  no  fibs.  To  such  as  them  I 
sell  coats  mostly;  indeed,  very  little  else.  They  're 
often  very  perticler  about  the  fit,  and  often  asks, 
'  Does  it  look  as  if  it  was  made  for  me?'  Some- 
times they  is  seedy,  very  seedy,  and  comes  to 
such  as  me,  most  likely,  'cause  we  're  cheaper 
than  the  shops.  They  don't  like  to  try  things  on 
in  the  street,  and  I  can  always  take  a  decent 
customer,  or  one  as  looks  sich,  in  there,  to  try  on 
(pointing  to  a  coifee-shop).  Bob-tailed  coats 
(dress-coats)  is  far  the  cheapest.  I  've  sold  them 
as  low  as  \s.,  but  not  often ;  at  2s.  and  3^.  often 
enough ;  and  sometimes  as  high  as  5s.  Perhaps 
a  8^.  or  Zs.  6d.  coat  goes  off  as  well  as  any,  but 
bob-tailed  coats  is  little  asked  for.  Now,  I  've 
never  had  a  frock  (surtout  or  frock  coat),  as  well 
as  I  can  remember,  under  25.  6d.,  except  one  that 
stuck  by  me  a  long  time,  and  I  sold  it  at  last  for 
20d.,  which  was  2d.  less  than  what  it  cost.  It 
was  only  a  poor  thing,  in  course,  but  it  had  such 
a  rum-coloured  velvet  collar,  that  was  faded,  and 
had  had  a  bit  let  in,  and  was  all  sorts  of  shades, 
and  that  hindered  its  selling,  I  fancy.  Velvet 
collars  isn't  worn  now,  and  I  'm  glad  of  it.  Old 
coats  goes  better  with  their  own  collars  (collars  of 
the  same  cloth  as  the  body  of  the  coat).  For 
frocks,  I  've  got  as  much  as  7s.  6d.,  and  cheap  at 
it  too,  sir.  Well,  perhaps  (laughing)  at  an  odd 
time  they  wasn't  so  very  cheap,  but  that 's  all  in 
the  way  of  trade.  About  4s.  6d.  or  5^.  is  perhaps 
the  ticket  that  a  frock  goes  off  best  at.  It's 
working  people  that  buys  frocks  most,  and  often 
working  people's  wives  or  mothers — that  is  as  far 
as  I  knows.  They  're  capital  judges  as  to  what  '11 
fit  their  men;  and  if  they  satisfy  me  it's  all  right, 
I  'm  always  ready  to  undertake  to  change  it  for 
another  if  it  don't  fit.  0,  no,  I  never  agree  to 
give  back  the  money  if  it  don't  fit;  in  course 
not;  that  wouldn't  be  business. 

"  No,  sir,  we  're  very  little  troubled  with  people 
larking.  I  have  had  young  fellows  come,  half 
drunk,  even  though  it  might  be  Sunday  morning, 
and  say,  '  Guv'ner,  what  'U  you  give  me  to  wear 
that  coat  for  you,  and  show  off  your  cutV  We 
don't  stand  much  of  their  nonsense.  I  don't 
know  what  such  coves  are.  Perhaps  'torneys' 
joumeymen,  or  pot-boys  out  for  a  Sunday  morn- 
ing's spree."  [This  was  said  with  a  bitterness 
that  surprised  me  in  so  quiet-speaking  a  man.] 
"  Id  greatcoats  and  cloaks  I  don't  do  much,  but 
it's  a  very  good  sale  when  you  can  offer  them 
well  worth  the  money.  I  've  got  10s.  often  for 
a]  greatcoat,  and  higher  and  lower,  oftener 
lower  in  course ;  but  lOt.  u  about  the  card  for  a 
good  thing.  It's  the  like  with  cloaks.  Paletots 
don't  sell  well.  They're  mostly  thinner  and 
poorer  cloth  to  begin  with  at  the  tailors — them 
new-£uhioned  named  things  often  is  so— and  so 
they  show  when  hard  worn.  Why  no,  sir,  they  can 
be  done  up,  certably;  anything  can  be  touched 
np;  bat  they  get  thio«  you  see,  and  there's  no- 


thing to  work  upon  as  there  is  in  a  good  cloth 
greatcoat.  You  '11  excuse  me,  sir,  but  I  saw  you 
a  little  bit  since  take  one  of  them  there  square 
books  that  a  man  gives  away  to  people  coming 
this  way,  as  if  to  knock  up  the  second-hand 
business,  but  he  won't,  though ;  I  '11  tell  you  how 
them  slops,  if  they  come  more  into  wear,  is  sure 
to  injure  us.  If  people  gets  to  wear  them  low- 
figured  things,  more  and  more,  as  they  possibly 
may,  why  where 's  the  second-hand  things  to 
come  from]  I'm  not  a  tailor,  but  I  understands 
about  clothes,  and  I  believe  that  no  person  ever 
saw  anything  green  in  my  eye.  And  if  you  find 
a  slop  thing  marked  a  guinea,  I  don't  care  what 
it  is,  but  I  '11  undertake  that  you  shall  get  one 
that  '11  wear  longer,  and  look  better  to  the  very 
last,  second-hand,  at  less  than  half  the  money, 
plenty  less.  It  was  good  stuff  and  good  make  at 
first,  and  hasn't  been  abused,  and  that's  the 
reason  why  it  always  bangs  a  slop,  because  it  was 
good  to  begin  with. 

"  Trousers  sells  pretty  well.  I  sell  them,  cloth 
ones,  from  6d.  up  to  4s.  They're  cheaper  if 
they  're  not  cloth,  but  very  seldom  less  or  so  low 
as  Qd.  Yes,  the  cloth  ones  at  that  is  poor  worn 
things,  and  little  things  too.  They  're  not  men's, 
they're  youth's  or  boy's  size.  Good  strong  cords 
goes  off  very  well  at  Is.  and  Is.  6d.,  or  higher. 
Irish  bricklayers  buys  them,  and  paviours,  and 
such  like.  It 's  easy  to  fit  a  man  with  a  pair  of 
second-hand  trousers.  I  can  tell  by  his  build 
what  '11  fit  him  directly.  Tweeds  and  summer 
trousers  is  middling,  but  washing  things  sells 
worse  and  worse.  It 's  an  expense,  and  expenses 
don't  suit  my  customers — not  a  bit  of  it. 

"  Waistcoats  isn't  in  no  great  call.  They  're 
often  worn  very  hard  under  any  sort  of  a  tidy 
coat,  for  a  tidy  coat  can  be  buttoned  over  any- 
thing that's  '  dicky,' and  so,  you  see,  many  of 
'em  's  half-way  to  the  rag-shop  before  they  comes 
to  us.  Well,  I  'm  sure  I  can  hardly  say  what 
sort  of  people  goes  most  for  weskets  "  [so  he  pro- 
nounced it].  "If  they're  light,  or  there's  any- 
thing '  fancy '  about  them,  I  thinks  it 's  mothers 
as  makes  them  up  for  their  sons.  What  with  the 
strings  at  the  back  and  such  like,  it  aint  hard  to 
make  a  wesket  fit.  They  're  poor  people  as 
buys  certainly,  but  genteel  people  buys  such  things 
as  fancy  weskets,  or  how  do  you  suppose  they  'd 
all  be  got  through  ]  0,  there 's  ladies  comes  here 
for  a  bargain,  I  can  tell  you,  and  gentlemen,  too; 
and  many  on  'em  would  go  through  fire  for  one. 
Second-hand  satins  (waistcoats)  is  good  still,  but 
they  don't  fetch  the  tin  they  did.  I  've  sold  wes- 
kets from  li^c^.  to  4s.  Well,  it's  hard  to  say 
what  the  three-ha'pennies  is  made  of ;  all  sorts  of 
things  ;  we  calls  them  '  serge.'  Three-pence  is  a 
common  price  for  a  little  wesket.  There  's  no 
under-weskets  wanted  now,  and  there  's  no  rolling 
collars.  It  was  better  for  us  when  there  was,  as 
there  was  more  stuff  to  work  on.  The  double- 
breasted  geU  scarcer,  too.  Fashions  grows  to  be 
cheap  things  now-a-days. 

"  I  can't  tell  you  anything  about  knee-breeches; 
they  don't  come  into  my  trade,  and  they  're  never 
asked  for.     Gaitera  is  no  go  either.    Liveriei  isn't 


42 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


a  street-trade.  I  fancy  all  those  sort  of  things 
is  sent  abroad.  I  don't  know  where.  Perhaps 
where  people  doesn't  know  they  was  liveries.  I 
wouldn't  wear  an  old  livery  coat,  if  it  was  the 
I  Queen's,  for  five  bob.  I  don't  think  wearing  one 
would  hinder  trade.  You  may  have  seen  a  black 
man  in  a  fine  livery  giving  away  bills  of  a  slop  in 
Holborn.  If  we  was  to  have  such  a  thing  we  'd 
be  pulled  up  (apprehended)  for  obstructing. 

"  I  sells  a  few  children's  (children's  clothes), 
but  only  a  few,  and  I  can't  say  so  much  about 
them.  They  sells  pretty  freely  though,  and  to 
very  decent  people.  If  they  're  good,  then  they  're 
ready  for  use.  If  they  ain't  anything  very  prime, 
they  can  be  mended — that  is,  if  they  was  good  to 
begin  with.  But  children's  woollen  togs  is  mostly 
hardworn  and  fit  only  for  the  *  devil '  (the  machine 
which  tears  them  up  for  shoddy).  I  've  sold  suits, 
which  was  tunics  and  trousers,  but  no  weskets, 
for  3*.  6d.  when  they  was  tidy.  That 's  a  common 
price. 

"  Well,  really,  I  hardly  know  how  much  I 
make  every  week ;  far  too  little,  I  know  that.  I 
could  no  more  tell  you  how  many  coats  I  sell  in  a 
year,  or  how  many  weskets,  than  I  could  tell  you 
how  many  days  was  fine,  and  how  many  wasn't. 
I  can  carry  all  in  my  head,  and  so  I  keeps  no 
accounts.  I  know  exactly  what  every  single 
thing  I  sell  has  cost  me.  In  course  I  must  know 
that.  I  dare  say  I  may  clear  about  125.  bud 
weeks,  and  I85.  good  weeks,  more  and  less  both 
ways,  and  there's  more  bad  weeks  than  good.  I 
have  cleared  505.  in  a  good  week ;  and  when  it 's 
been  nothing  but  fog  and  wet,  I  haven't  cleared 
35.  6d,  But  mine  's  a  better  business  than  com- 
mon, perhaps.  I  can't  say  what  others  clears ; 
more  and  less  than  I  does." 

The  profit  in  this  trade,  from  the  best  informa- 
tion I  could  obtain,  ruus  about  50  per  cent. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  op  Second-hand  ^ 
Boots  and  Shoes. 
The  man  who  gave  me  the  following  account  of 
this  trade  had  been  familiar  with  it  a  good  many 
years,  fifteen  he  believed,  but  Avas  by  no  means 
certain.  I  saw  at  his  lodgings  a  man  who  was 
finishing  his  day's  work  there,  in  cobbling  and 
*' translating."  He  was  not  in  the  employ  of  my 
informant,  who  had  two  rooms,  or  rather  a  floor  ; 
he  slept  in  one  and  let  the  other  to  the  "  trans- 
lator" who  was  a  relation,  he  told  me,  and  they 
went  on  very  well  together,  as  he  (the  street- 
seller)  liked  to  sit  and  smoke  his  pipe  of  a  night 
in  the  translator's  room,  which  was  much  larger 
than  his  own ;  and  sometimes,  when  times  were 
"pretty  bobbish,"  they  clubbed  together  for  a 
good  supper  of  tripe,  or  had  a  "  prime  hot  Jemmy 
a-piece,"  with  a  drop  of  good  beer.  A  "  Jemmy" 
is  a  baked  sheep's  head.  The  room  was  tidy 
enough,  but  had  the  strong  odour  of  shoemaker's 
wax  proper  to  the  craft. 

"  I  've  been  in  a  good  many  street-trades,  and 
others  too,"  said  my  informant,  "  since  you  want 
to  know,  and  for  a  good  purpose  as  well  as  I  can 
understand  it.  I  was  a  'prentice  to  a  shoemaker 
in  Northampton,  with  a  lot  more ;  why,  it  was 


more  like  a  factory  than  anything  else,  was  my 
master's,  and  the  place  we  worked  in  was  so  con- 
fined and  hot,  and  we  couldn't  open  the  window, 
that  it  was  worse  than  the  East  Ingees.  0,  I 
know  what  they  is.  I  've  been  there.  I  was  so 
badly  treated  I  ran  away  from  my  master,  for  I 
had  only  a  father,  and  ho  cared  nothing  about  me, 
and  so  I  broke  my  indentures.  After  a  good  bit 
of  knocking  about  and  living  as  I  could,  and 
starviug  when  I  couldn't,  but  I  never  thought  of 
going  back  to  Northampton,  I  'listed  and  was  a 
good  bit  in  the  Ingees.  Well,  never  mind,  sir, 
how  long,  or  what  happened  me  when  I  was 
soldier.  I  did  nothing  wrong,  and  that  ain't  what 
you  was  asking  about,  and  I  'd  rather  say  no  more 
about  it." 

I  have  met  with  other  street-folk,  who  had 
been  soldiers,  and  who  were  fond  of  talking  of 
their  "  service,"  often  enough  to  grumble  about  it, 
so  that  I  am  almost  tempted  to  think  my  in- 
formant had  deserted,  but  I  questioned  him  no 
further  on  the  subject. 

"  I  had  my  ups  and  downs  again,  sir,"  he  con- 
tinued, "  when  I  got  back  to  England.  God  bless 
us  all ;  I  'm  very  fond  of  children,  but  I  never 
married,  and  when  I  've  been  at  the  worst,  I  've 
been  really  glad  that  I  hadn't  no  one  depending 
on  me.  It 's  bad  enough  for  oneself,  but  when 
there  '3  others  as  you  must  love,  what  must  it  be 
then  1  1  've  smoked  a  pipe  when  I  was  troubled 
in  mind,  and  couldn't  get  a  meal,  but  could  only 
get  a  pipe,  and  baccy 's  shamefully  dear  here  ;  but 
if  I  'd  had  a  young  daughter  now,  what  good  would 
it  have  been  my  smoking  a  pipe  to  comfort  her  ? 
I  've  seen  that  in  people  that 's  akin  to  me,  and  has 
been  badly  off,  and  with  families.  I  had  a  friend 
or  two  in  London,  and  I  applied  to  them  when  I 
couldn't  hold  out  no  longer,  and  they  gave  me  a 
bit  of  a  rise,  so  I  began  as  a  costermonger.  I  was 
living  among  them  as  was  in  that  line.  Well,  now, 
it 's  a  pleasant  life  in  fine  weather.  Why  it  was 
onlj'-  this  morning  Joe  (the  translator)  was  reading 
the  paper  at  breakfast  time ; — he  gets  it  from  the 
public-house,  and  if  it 's  two,  three,  or  four  day's 
old,  it 's  just  as  good  for  us ; — and  there  was 
10,000  pines  had  been  received  from  the  West 
Ingees.  There  's  a  chance  for  the  costermongers, 
says  I,  if  they  don't  go  off  too  dear.  Then  cherries 
is  in  ;  and  I  was  beginning  to  wish  I  was  a 
costermonger  myself  still,  but  my  present  trade  is 
surer.  My  boots  and  shoes  '11  keep.  They  don't 
spoil  in  hot  weather.  Cherries  and  strawberries 
does,  and  if  it  comes  thunder  and  wet,  you  can't 
sell.  I  worked  a  barrow,  and  sometimes  had  only 
a  bit  of  a  pitch,  for  a  matter  of  two  year,  perhaps, 
and  then  I  got  into  this  trade,  as  I  understood  it. 
I  sells  all  sorts,  but  not  so  much  women's  or 
children's. 

"  Why,  as  to  prices,  there  's  two  sorts  of  prices. 
You  may  sell  as  you  buy,  or  you  may  sell  new 
soled  and  heeled.  They  're  never  new  welted  for 
the  streets.  It  wouldn't  pay  a  bit.  Not  long 
since  I  had  a  pair  of  very  good  Oxonians  that  had 
been  new  Avclted,  and  the  very  first  day  I  had 
them  on  sale — it  was  a  dull  drizzly  day — a  lad 
tried  to  prig  them.     I  just  caught  him  in  time. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


43 


Did  I  give  him  in  charge  1  I  hope  I  've  more  sense. 
I  've  been  robbed  before,  and  I  've  caught  young 
rips  in  the  act  If  it 's  boots  or  shoes  they  've 
tried  to  prig,  I  gives  them  a  stirruping  with  which- 
ever it  is,  and  a  kick,  and  lets  them  go." 

"  Men's  shoes,  the  regular  sort,  isn't  a  very 
good  sale.  I  get  from  lOrf.  to  is.  6d.  a  pair  ;  but 
the  high  priced  'uns  is  either  soled  and  heeled, 
and  mudded  well,  or  they  've  been  real  Avell-made 
things,  and  not  much  worn.  I  've  had  gentle- 
men's shooting-shoes  sometimes,  that 's  flung  aside 
for  the  least  thing.  The  plain  shoes  don't  go  off 
at  all.  I  think  people  likes  something  to  cover 
their  stocking-feet  more.  For  cloth  button-boots 
I  get  from  Is. — that's  the  lowest  I  ever  sold  at — 
to  2s.  6d,  The  price  is  according  to  what  condi- 
tion the  things  is  in,  and  what 's  been  done  to 
them,  but  there 's  no  regular  price.  They  're  not 
such  good  sale  as  they  would  be,  because  they 
soon  show  worn.  The  black  '  legs  '  gets  to  look 
very  seamy,  and  it 's  a  sort  of  boot  that  won't 
stand  much  knocking  about,  if  it  ain't  right  well 
made  at  first.  I  've  been  selling  Oxonian  button- 
overs  (*  Oxonian '  shoes,  which  cover  the  instep, 
and  are  closed  by  being  buttoned  instead  of  being 
stringed  through  four  or  five  holes)  at  35.  6d.  and 
4j.  but  they  was  really  good,  and  soled  and 
heeled ;  others  I  sell  at  Is.  6<l.  to  2^.  3rf.  or 
2a.  6d.  Bluchers  is  from  Is.  to  3^.  6d.  Welling- 
tons from  1*. — yes,  indeed,  I  've  had  them  as  low 
as  1*.,  and  perhaps  they  weren't  very  cheap  at 
that,  them  very  low-priced  things  never  is,  neither 
new  nor  old — from  Is.  to  5s.  ;  but  Wellingtons  is 
more  for  the  shops  than  the  street.  I  do  a  little 
in  children's  boots  and  shoes.  I  sell  them  from 
Zd.  to  15d.  Yes,  you  can  buy  lower  than  Zd., 
but  I  'm  not  in  that  way.  They  sell  quite  as 
qaick,  or  quicker,  than  anything,  I  've  sold 
children's  boots  to  poor  women  that  wanted  shoe- 
ing fur  worse  than  the  child  ;  aye,  many  a  time, 
air.  Top  boots  (they  're  called  *  Jockeys  '  in  the 
trade)  isn't  sold  in  the  streets.  I  've  never  had 
any,  and  I  don't  see  them  with  others  in  my  line. 
0  no,  there  's  no  such  thing  as  Hessians  or  back- 
straps  (a  top-boot  without  the  light-coloured  top) 
in  my  trade  now.  Yes,  I  always  have  a  seat 
bandy  where  anybody  can  try  on  anything  in  the 
itreet ;  no,  sir,  no  boot-hooks  nor  shoe-horn  ;  shoe- 
horns is  rather  going  out,  I  think.  If  what  we 
■ell  in  the  streets  won't  go  on  without  them  they 
won't  be  sold  at  all.  A  good  many  will  buy  if 
the  thing's  only  big  enough— they  can't  bear 
pinching,  and  don't  much  care  for  a  fine  fit 

"  Well,  I  suppose  I  take  from  ZOs.  to  40».  a 
week,  lis.  is  about  my  profit — that  'a  as  to  the 
year  through. 

"I  sell  little  for  women's  wear,  though  I  do  sell 
their  boots  and  shoes  sometimes." 

Or  THB  Strxst-Sili.kb8  or  Old  Hats. 
Thb  two  street-sellers  of  old  coats,  waistcoats, 
and  trousers,  and  of  boots  and  shoes,  whose  state- 
ments precede  this  account,  confined  their  trade, 
generally,  to  the  second-hand  merchandize  I 
nave  mentioned  as  more  especially  constituting 
their   stock.      But    this    arrangement  does  not 


wholly  prevail.  There  are  many  street-traders 
"in  second-hand,"  perhaps  two-thirds  of  the  whole 
number,  who  sell  indiscriminately  anything  which 
they  can  buy,  or  what  they  hope  to  turn  out  an 
advantage ;  but  even  they  prefer  to  deal  more  in 
one  particular  kind  of  merchandize  than  another, 
and  this  is  most  of  all  the  case  as  concerns  tho 
street-sale  of  old  boots  and  shoes.  Hats,  how- 
ever, are  among  the  second-hand  wares  which  the 
street-seller  rarely  vends  unconnected  with  other 
stock.  I  was  told  that  this  might  be  owing  to  the 
hats  sold  in  the  streets  being  usually  suitable  only 
for  one  class,  grown  men  ;  while  clothes  and  boots 
and  shoes  are  for  boys  as  well  as  men.  Caps  may 
supersede  the  use  of  hats,  but  nothing  can  super- 
sede the  use  of  boots  or  shoes,  which  form  the 
steadiest  second-hand  street-trade  of  any. 

There  are,  however,  occasions,  when  a  street- 
seller  exerts  himself  to  become  possessed  of  a 
cheap  stock  of  hats,  by  the  well-known  process  of 
*'  taking  a  quantity,"  and  sells  them  without,  or 
with  but  a  small  admixture  of  other  goods.  One 
man  who  had  been  lately  so  occupied,  gave  me 
the  following  account.  He  was  of  Irish  parentage, 
but  there  was  little  distinctive  in  his  accent  : — 

"  Hats,"  he  said,  "  are  about  the  awkwardest 
things  of  any  for  the  streets.  Do  as  you  will, 
they  require  a  deal  of  room,  so  that  what  you  '11 
mostly  see  isn't  hats  quite  ready  to  put  on  your 
head  and  walk  away  in.  but  to  be  made  ready. 
I  've  sold  hats  that  way  though,  I  mean  ready  to 
wear,  and  my  father  before  nie  has  sold  hundreds 
— yes,  I  've  been  in  the  trade  all  my  life — and  it 's 
the  best  way  for  a  profit.  You  get,  perhaps,  the 
old  hat  in,  or  you  buy  it  at  \d.  or  2d.  as  may  be, 
and  so  you  kill  two  birds.  But  there  's  very  little 
of  that  trade  except  on  Saturday  nights  or  Sunday 
mornings.  People  wants  a  decent  tile  for  Sundays 
and  don't  care  for  work-days.  I  never  hawks 
hats,  but  I  sells  to  those  as  do.  My  customers  for 
hats  are  mechanics,  with  an  odd  clerk  or  two. 
Yes,  indeed,  I  sell  hats  now  and  then  to  my  own 
countrymen  to  go  decent  to  mass  in.  I  go  to 
mass  myself  as  often  as  I  can ;  sometimes  I  go  to 
vespers.  No,  the  Irish  in  this  trade  ain't  so  good 
in  going  to  chapel  as  they  ought,  but  it  tjikes  such 
a  time ;  not  just  while  you  're  there,  but  in  shaving, 
and  washing,  and  getting  ready.  My  wife  helps 
me  in  selling  second-hand  things ;  she  's  a  better 
hand  than  I  am.  I  have  two  boys;  they're 
young  yet,  and  I  don't  know  what  we  shall  bring 
them  up  to ;  perhaps  to  our  own  business  ;  and 
children  seems  to  fall  naturally  into  it,  I  think, 
when  their  fathers  and  mothers  is  in  it.  They  're 
at  school  now. 

"  I  have  sold  hats  from  M.  to  3*.  6(Z.,  but  very 
seldom  Zs.  6d.  The  Zs.  6d.  ones  would  wear  out 
two  new  gossamers,  I  know.  It 's  seldom  you 
see  beaver  hats  in  the  street-trade  now,  they  're 
nearly  all  silk.  They  say  the  beavers  have  got 
scarce  in  foreign  parts  where  they  're  caught.  I 
haven't  an  idea  how  many  hats  I  sell  in  a  year, 
for  I  don't  stick  to  hats,  you  see,  sir,  but  I  like 
doing  in  them  as  well  or  better  than  in  anything 
else.  Sometimes  I  've  sold  nothing  but  hats  for 
weeks  together,  wholesale  and  retail  that  is.    It's 


D  8 


44 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


only  the  regular-shaped  hats  I  can  sell.  If  you 
oflfer  swells'  hats,  people  '11  say  :  '  I  may  as  well 
buy  a  new  "  wide-awake  "  at  once.'  I  have  made 
2O5.  in  a  week  on  hats  alone.  But  if  I  confined 
my  trade  to  them  now,  I  don't  suppose  I  could 
clear  55.  one  week  with  another  the  year  through. 
It 's  only  the  hawkers  that  can  sell  them  in  wet 
weather.  I  wish  we  could  sell  under  cover  in  all 
the  places  where  there 's  what  you  call  '  street- 
markets.'  It  would  save  poor  people  that  lives 
by  the  street  many  a  twopence  by  their  things 
not  being  spoiled,  and  by  people  not  heeding  the 
rain  to  go  and  examine  them." 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  op  Women's  Second- 
hand Apparel. 
This  trade,  as  regards  the  sale  to  retail  cus- 
tomers in  the  streets,  is  almost  entirely  in  the 
hands  of  women,  seven-eighths  of  whom  are  the 
wives,  relatives,  or  connections  of  the  men  who 
deal  in  second-hand  male  apparel.  But  gowns, 
cloaks,  bonnets,  &c.,  are  collected  more  largely  by 
men  than  by  women,  and  the  wholesale  old 
clothes'  merchants  of  course  deal  in  every  sort  of 
habiliment.  Petticoat  and  Rosemary-lanes  are  the 
grand  marts  for  this  street-sale,  but  in  Whitecross- 
street,  Leather-lane,  Old-street  (St.  Luke's),  and 
some  similar  Saturday-night  markets  in  poor 
neighbourhoods,  women's  second-hand  apparel  is 
sometimes  offered.  "  It  is  often  of  little  use  offer- 
ing it  in  the  latter  places,"  I  was  told  by  a  lace- 
seller  who  had  sometimes  tried  to  do  business  in 
second-hand  shawls  and  cloaks,  "  because  you  are 
sure  to  hear,  *  Oh,  we  can  get  them  far  cheaper  in 
Petticoat-lane,  when  we  like  to  go  as  far.'  " 

The  different  portions  of  female  dress  are  shown 
and  sold  in  the  street,  as  I  have  described  in  my 
account  of  Rosemary-lane,  and  of  the  trading  of 
the  men  selling  second-hand  male  apparel.  There 
is  not  so  much  attention  paid  to  "  set  off"  gowns 
that  there  is  to  set  off  coats.  "  If  the  gown  be  a 
washing  gown,"  I  was  informed,  "it  is  sure  to 
have  to  be  washed  before  it  can  be  worn,  and  so 
it  is  no  use  bothering  with  it,  and  paying  for 
soap  and  labour  beforehand.  If  it  be  woollen,  or 
some  stuff  that  wont  wash,  it  has  almost  always 
to  be  altered  before  it  is  worn,  and  so  it  is  no 
use  doing  it  up  perhaps  to  be  altered  again." 
Silk  goods,  however,  are  carefully  enough  re- 
glossed  and  repaired.  Most  of  the  others  "just 
take  their  chance." 

A  good-looking  Irishwoman  gave  me  the  follow- 
ing account.  She  had  come  to  London  and  had 
been  a  few  years  in  service,  where  she  saved  a  little 
money,  when  she  married  a  cousin,  but  in  what 
degree  of  cousinship  she  did  not  know.  She 
then  took  part  in  his  avocation  as  a  crockman, 
and  subsequently  as  a  street-seller  of  second-hand 
clothes. 

"  Why,  yis,  thin  and  indeed,  sir,"  she  said,  "  I 
did  feel  rather  quare  in  my  new  trade,  going  about 
from  house  to  house,  the  Commercial-road  and 
Stepney  way,  but  I  soon  got  not  to  mind,  and 
indeed  thin  it  don't  matter  much  what  way  one 
gets  one's  living,  so  long  as  it  '&  honest.  0,  yis, 
I  know  there  'a  goings  on  in  old  clothes  that  isn't 


always  honest,  but  my  husband's  a  fair  dealing 
man.  I  felt  quarer,  too,  whin  I  had  to  sell  in  the 
strate,  but  I  soon  got  used  to  that,  too ;  and  it 's 
not  such  slavish  work  as  the  'crocks.'  But  we 
sometimes  '  crocks  '  in  the  mornings  a  little  still, 
and  sells  in  the  evenings.  No,  not  what  we  've 
collected  —  for  that  goes  to  Mr.  Isaac's  market 
almost  always — but  stock  that 's  ready  for  wear. 

"  For  Cotton  Gowns  I  've  got  from  ^d.  to 
2s.  Zd.  0,  yis,  and  indeed  thin,  there  's  gowns 
chaper,  id.  and  6(/.,  but  there's  nothing  to  be  got 
out  of  them,  and  we  don't  sell  them.  From  9ci. 
to  \%d.  is  the  commonest  price.  It's  poor  people 
as  buys :  0,  yis,  and  indeed  thin  it  is,  thim  as 
has  families,  and  must  look  about  thim.  Many  '• 
the  poor  woman  that 's  said  to  me,  '  Well,  and 
indeed,  marm,  it  isn't  ray  inclination  to  chapen 
anybody  as  I  thinks  is  fair,  and  I  was  brought  up 
quite  different  to  buying  old  gowns,  I  assure  you' 
— yis,  that 's  often  said  ;  no,  sir,  it  isn't  my  coun- 
trywomen that  says  it  (laughing),  it 's  yours.  *  I 
wouldn't  think,'  says  she,  *  of  offering  you  \d.  less 
than  Is.,  marm,  for  that  frock  for  my  daughter, 
marm,  but  it 's  such  a  hard  fight  to  live.'  Och, 
thin,  and  it  is  indeed  ;  but  to  hear  some  of  them 
talk  you'd  think  they  was  born  ladies.  Stuff- 
gowns  is  from  2d.  to  8c?.  higher  than  cotton,  but 
ihey  don't  sell  near  so  well.  I  hardly  know  why. 
Cotton  washes,  and  if  a  dacent  woman  gets  a 
chape  second-hand  cotton,  she  washes  and  does  it 
up,  and  it  seems  to  come  to  her  fresh  and  new. 
That  can't  be  done  with  stuff.  *SV/^-  is  very  little 
in  my  way,  but  silk  gowns  sell  from  3s.  Qd.  to  43. 
Of  satin  and  velvet  gowns  I  can  tell  you  no- 
thing ;  they  're  never  in  the  streets. 

"  Second-Iutnd  Bonnets  is  a  very  poor  sale — 
very.  The  milliners,  poor  craitchers,  as  makes 
them  up  and  sells  them  in  the  strate,  has  the 
greatest  sale,  but  they  makes  very  little  by  it. 
Their  bonnets  looks  new,  you  see,  sir,  and  close 
and  nice  for  poor  women.  I  've  sold  bonnets  from 
Qd.  to  3s.  &d.,  and  some  of  them  cost  3^.  But 
whin  they  git  faded  and  out  of  fashion,  they  're 
of  no  vally  at  all  at  all.  Shawls  is  a  very  little 
sale  ;  very  little.  I  've  got  from  Qd.  to  2s.  Qd. 
for  them.  Plaid  shawls  is  as  good  as  any,  at 
about  Is.  Qd. ;  but  they  're  a  winter  trade.  Cloaks 
(they  are  what  in  the  dress-making  trade  are  called 
mantles)  isn't  much  of  a  call.  I  've  had  them 
from  Is.  Qd.  as  high  as  7s. — but  only  once 
7s.,  and  it  was  good  silk.  They  're  not  a  sort 
of  wear  that  suits  poor  people.  Will  and 
indeed  thin,  I  hardly  know  who  buys  them 
second-hand.  Perhaps  bad  women  buys  a  few, 
or  they  get  men  to  buy  them  for  them.  I  think 
your  misses  don't  buy  much  second-hand  thin  in 
gineral ;  the  less  the  better,  the  likes  of  them ; 
yis,  indeed,  sir.  Stays  I  don't  sell,  but  you  can 
buy  them  from  2>d.  to  15d. ;  it's  a  small  trade. 
And  I  don't  sell  Under  Clothing,  or  only  now  and 
thin,  except  Children's.  Dear  me,  I  can  hardly 
tell  the  prices  I  get  for  the  poor  little  things' 
dress— I  've  a  little  giil  myself — the  prices  vary 
so,  just  as  the  frocks  and  other  things  is  made  for 
big  children  or  little,  and  what  they  're  made  of. 
I  've  sold  frocks — they  sell  best  on  Saturday  and 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


45 


Monday  nights — from  2d.  to  Is.  6d.  Little  pet- 
ticoats is  Id.  to  Sd. ;  shifts  is  Id.  and  2d.,  and  so 
is  little  shirts.  If  thej  wasn't  so  low  there  would 
be  more  rags  than  there  is,  and  sure  there's 
plinty. 

"  Will,  thin  and  indeed,  I  don't  know  what  we 
make  in  a  week,  and  if  I  did,  why  should  I  tell  1 
0,  yes,  sir,  I  know  from  the  gentleman  that  sent 
you  to  me  that  you  're  asking  for  a  good  purpose  : 
yis,  indeed,  thin  ;  but  I  ralely  can't  say.  "We  do 
pritty  well,  God's  name  be  praised  !  Perhaps  a 
good  second-hand  gown  trade  and  such  like  is 
worth  from  10s.  to  15s.  a  week,  and  nearer  15s. 
than  10*.  ivery  week;  but  that's  a,  good  second- 
hand trade  you  understand,  sir.  A  poor  trade 's 
about  half  that,  perhaps.  But  thin  my  husband 
sells  men's  wear  as  well.  Yis,  indeed,  and  I  find 
time  to  go  to  mass,  and  I  soon  got  my  husband  to 
go  after  we  was  married,  for  he'd  got  to  neglect  it, 
Grod  be  praised ;  and  what 's  all  you  can  get  here 
compared  to  making  your  sowl "  [saving  your  soul 
— making  your  soul  is  not  an  uncommon  phrase 
among  some  of  the  Irish  people].      "  Och,  and 

indeed  thin,  sir,  if  you  've  met  Father ,  you  've 

met  a  good  gintleman." 

Of  the  street-selling  of  women  and  children's 
secondhand  boots  and  s/ioes,  I  need  say  but  little, 
a*  they  form  part  of  the  stock  of  the  men's  ware, 
and  are  sold  by  the  same  men,  not  unfrequently 
assisted  by  their  wives.  The  best  sale  is  for  black 
cloth  boots,  whether  laced  or  buttoned,  but  the 
prices  run  only  from  5d.  to  Is.  9d.  If  the  "  legs" 
of  a  second-hand  pair  be  good,  they  are  worth  5d., 
no  matter  what  the  leather  portion,  including  the 
soles,  may  be.  Coloured  boots  sell  very  in- 
differently. Children's  boots  and  shoes  are  sold 
from  2d.  to  15<^. 

Of  THB  Stbkbt-Sellebs  OF  Secojtd-hakd 

FUKS. 

Of  furs  the  street-sale  is  prompt  enough,  or  used 
to  be  prompt ;  but  not  so  much  so,  I  am  told, 
last  season,  as  formerly.  A  fur  tippet  is  readily 
bought  for  the  sake  of  warmth  by  women  who 
thrive  pretty  well  in  the  keeping  of  coffee-stalls, 
or  any  calling  which  requires  attendance  during 
the  night,  or  in  the  chilliness  of  early  morning, 
even  in  summer,  by  those  who  go  out  at  early 
hours  to  their  work.  By  such  persons  a  big  tip- 
pet is  readily  bought  when  the  money  is  not  an 
impediment,  and  to  many  it  if  a  strong  recom- 
mendation, that  when  new,  the  tippet,  most 
likely,  waa  worn  by  a  real  lady.  So  I  was 
aHured  by  a  person  familiar  with  the  trade. 

One  female  street  seller  had  three  stalls  or 
stands  in  the  New  Cut  (when  it  was  a  great  street 
market),  about  two  years  back,  and  all  for  the 
•tie  of  Mcond'hand  furs.  She  has  now  a  small 
•bop  in  seeond-hand  wearing  apparel  (women's) 
Moiamlly,  furs  being  of  course  included.  The 
MMUMM  carried  on  in  the  street  (almost  always 
"  the  Cut ")  by  the  fur-seller  in  question,  who  was 
both  indDstrions  and  respectable,  was  very  con- 
siderable. On  a  Monday  she  has  not  unfrequently 
taken  IL,  ooe^alf  of^  which,  indeed  more  than 


half,  was  profit,  for  the  street-seller  bought  in  the 
summer,  when  furs  "  were  no  money  at  all,"  and 
sold  in  the  winter,  when  they  "  were  really  tin, 
and  no  mistake."  Before  the  season  began,  she 
sometimes  had  a  small  room  nearly  full  of  furs. 

This  trade  is  less  confined  to  Petticoat-lane  and 
the  old  clothes  district,  as  regards  the  supply  to 
retail  customers,  than  is  anything  else  connected 
with  dress.  But  the  fur  trade  is  now  small.  The 
money,  prudence,  and  forethought  necessary  to 
enable  a  fur-seller  to  buy  in  the  summer,  for 
ample  profit  in  the  winter,  as  regards  street-trade, 
is  not  in  accordance  with  the  habits  of  the  general 
run  of  street-sellers,  who  think  but  of  the  present, 
or  hardly  think  even  of  that. 

The  old  furs,"like  all  the  other  old  articles  of 
wearing  apparel,  whether  garbs  of  what  may  be 
accounted  primary  necessaries,  as  shoes,  or  mere 
comforts  or  adornments,  as  boas  or  muffs,  are 
bought  in  the  first  instance  at  the  Old  Clothes 
Exchange,  and  so  find  their  way  to  the  street- 
sellers.  The  exceptions  as  to  this  first  transaction 
in  the  trade  I  now  speak  of,  are  very  trifling,  and, 
perhaps,  more  trifling  than  in  other  articles,  for 
one  great  supply  of  furs,  I  am  informed,  is  from 
their  being  swopped  in  the  spring  and  summer  for 
flowers  with  the  "  root-sellers,"  who  carry  them  to 
the  Exchange. 

Last  winter  there  were  sometimes  as  many  as 
ten  persons — three-fourths  of  the  number  of  second- 
hand fur  sellers,  which  fluctuates,  being  women — 
with  fur-stands.  They  frequent  the  street-markets 
on  the  Saturday  and  Monday  nights,  not  confining 
themselves  to  any  one  market  in  particular.  The 
best  sale  is  for  Ftcr  Tippets,  and  chiefly  of  the 
darker  colours.  These  are  bought,  one  of  the 
dealers  informed  me,  frequently  by  maid-servants, 
who  could  run  of  errands  in  them  in  the  dark,  or 
wear  them  in  wet  weather.  They  are  sold  from 
Is.  Qd.  to  4s.  6^.,  about  28.  or  2s.  Qd.  being  a 
common  charge.  Children's  tippets  "  go  oflF  well," 
from  Qd.  to  Is.  Zd.  Boas  are  not  vended  to  half 
the  extent  of  tippets,  although  they  are  lower- 
priced,  one  of  tolerably  good  gray  squirrel  being 
Is.  Qd.  The  reason  of  the  difference  in  the  demand 
is  that  boas  arc  as  much  an  ornament  as  a  garment, 
while  the  tippet  answers  the  purpose  of  a  shawl. 
Muffs  are  not  at  all  vendible  in  the  streets,  the 
few  that  are  disposed  of  being  principally  for  child- 
ren. As  muffs  are  not  generally  used  by  maid- 
servants, or  by  the  families  of  the  working  classes, 
the  absence  of  demand  in  the  second-hand  traffic 
is  easily  accounted  for.  They  are  bought  some- 
times to  cut  up  for  other  purposes.  Viclorines 
are  disposed  of  readily  enough  at  from  Is.  to  2*.  dd., 
as  are  Cuff's,  from  id.  to  8d. 

One  man,  who  told  me  that  a  few  years  since  he 
and  his  wife  used  to  sell  second-hand  furs  in  the 
street,  was  of  opinion  that  his  best  customers  were 
women  of  the  town,  who  were  tolerably  well- 
dressed,  and  who  required  some  further  protection 
from  the  night  air.  He  could  readily  sell  any 
"  tidy"  article,  tippet,  boa,  or  muff,  to  those  females, 
if  they  had  from  2s.  6d.  to  6*.  at  command.  He 
had  so  sold  them  in  Clare-market,  in  Tottenham- 
court-road,  and  the  BrilL 


46 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Op  the  Second-Hand  Sellers  of  Smithpield- 

MARKET. 

No  small  part  of  the  second-hand  trade  of  Lon- 
don is  ciirried  on  in  the  market-place  of  Smithfield, 
on  the  Friday  afternoons.  Here  is  a  mart  for 
almost  everj-thing  which  is  required  for  the  har- 
nessing of  beasts  of  draught,  or  is  required  for 
any  means  of  propulsion  or  locomotion,  either  as  a 
whole  vehicle,  or  in  its  several  parts,  needed  by 
street-traders  :  also  of  the  machines,  vessels,  scales, 
weights,  measures,  baskets,  stands,  and  all  other 
appliances  of  street-trade. 

The  scene  is  animated  and  peculiar.  Apart 
from  the  horse,  ass,  and  goat  trade  (of  which  I 
shall  give  an  account  hereafter),  it  is  a  grand 
Second-hand  Costermongers'  Exchange.  The 
trade  is  not  confined  to  that  large  body,  though 
they  are  the  principal  merchants,  but  includes 
greengrocers  (often  the  costermonger  in  a  shop), 
carmen,  and  others.  It  is,  moreover,  a  favourite 
resort  of  the  purveyors  of  street-provisions  and 
beverages,  of  street  dainties  and  luxuries.  Of 
this  class  some  of  the  most  prosperous  are  those 
who  are  "  well  known  in  Smithfield." 

The  space  devoted  to  this  second-hand  com- 
merce and  its  accompaniments,  runs  from  St. 
Bartholomew's  Hospital  towards  Long-lane,  but 
isolated  peripatetic  traders  are  found  in  all  parts 
of  the  space  not  devoted  to  the  exhibition  of  cattle 
or  of  horses.  The  crowd  on  the  day  of  my  visit 
was  considerable,  but  from  several  I  heard  the 
not-alwa3's-very- veracious  remarks  of  "  Nothing 
doing"  and  "  There  's  nobody  at  all  here  to-day." 
The  weather  was  sultry,  and  at  every  few  yards 
arose  the  cry  from  men  and  boys,  "  Ginger-beer, 
ha'penny  a  glass  !  Ha'penny  a  glass,"  or  "  Iced 
lemonade  here  !  Iced  raspberriade,  as  cold  as  ice, 
ha'penny  a  glass,  only  a  ha'penny  !  "  A  boy  was 
elevated  on  a  board  at  the  end  of  a  splendid  affair 
of  this  kind.  It  was  a  square  built  vehicle,  the 
top  being  about  7  feet  by  4,  and  flat  and  sur- 
mounted by  the  lemonade  fountain  ;  long,  narrow, 
champagne  glasses,  holding  a  raspberry  coloured 
liquid,  frothed  up  exceedingly,  were  ranged  round, 
and  the  beverage  dispensed  by  a  woman,  the 
mother  or  employer  of  the  boy  who  was  bawling. 
The  sides  of  the  machine,  which  stood  on  wheels, 
were  a  bright,  shiny  blue,  and  on  them  sprawled 
the  lion  and  unicorn  in  gorgeous  heraldry,  yellow 
and  gold,  the  artist  being,  according  to  a  pro- 
minent announcement,  a  "  herald  painter."  The 
apparatus  was  handsome,  but  with  that  exaggera- 
tion of  handsomeness  which  attracts  the  high  and 
low  vulgar,  who  cannot  distinguish  between  gaudi- 
ness  and  beauty.  The  sale  was  brisk.  The 
ginger-beer  sold  in  the  market  was  generally  dis- 
pensed from  carts,  and  here  I  noticed,  what 
occurs  yearly  in  street-commerce,  an  innovation  on 
the  established  system  of  the  trade.  Several 
sellers  disposed  of  their  ginger-beer  in  clear  glass 
bottles,  somewhat  larger  and  fuller-necked  than 
those  introduced  by  M.  Soyer  for  the  sale  of  liis 
"nectar,"  and  the  liquid  was  drank  out  of  the 
bottle  the  moment  the  cork  was  undrawn,  and  so 
the  necessity  of  a  glass  was  obviated. 


Near  the  herald-fyainter's  work,  of  which  I 
have  just  spoken,  stood  a  very  humble  stall  on 
which  were  loaves  of  bread,  and  round  the  loaves 
were  pieces  of  fried  fish  and  slices  of  bread  on 
plates,  all  remarkably  clean.  "  Oysters  !  Peuny-a 
lot  !  Penny-a-lot,  oysters  ! "  was  the  cry,  the 
most  frequently  heard  after  that  of  ginger-beer, 
&c.  "  Cherries  !  Twopence  a-pound  !  Penny-a 
pound,  cherries!"  "Fruit-pies!  Try  my  fruit- 
pies  ! "  The  most  famous  dealer  in  all  kinds  of 
penny  pies  is,  however,  not  a  pedestrian,  but  an 
equestrian  hawker.  He  drives  a  very  smart, 
handsome  pie-cart,  sitting  behind  after  the  manner 
of  the  Hansom  cabmen,  the  lifting  up  of  a  lid 
below  his  knees  displaying  his  large  stock  of  pies. 
His  "  drag"  is  whisked  along  rapidly  by  a  brisk 
chestnut  ponej',  Avell-harnessed.  The  "  whole  set 
out,"  I  was  informed,  poney  included,  cost  60^. 
when  new.  The  proprietor  is  a  keen  Chartist  and 
teetotaller,  and  loses  no  opportunity  to  inculcate 
to  his  customers  the  excellence  of  teetotalism,  as 
well  as  of  his  pies.  "  Milk  !  ha'penny  a  pint ! 
ha'penny  a  pint,  good  milk!"  is  another  cry. 
"Raspberry cream  !  Iced raspberrj'-cream, ha'penny 
a  glass  !  "  This  street-seller  had  a  capital  trade. 
Street-ices,  or  rather  ice-creams,  were  somewhat  of 
a  failure  last  year,  more  especially  in  Greenwich- 
park,  but  this  year  they  seem  likely  to  succeed. 
The  Smithfield  man  sold  them  in  very  small 
glasses,  which  he  merely  dipped  into  a  vessel  at 
his  feet,  and  so  filled  them  with  the  cream.  The 
consumers  had  to  use  their  fingers  instead  of  a 
spoon,  and  no  few  seemed  puzzled  how  to  eat  their 
ice,  and  were  grievously  troubled  by  its  getting 
among  their  teeth.  I  heard  one  drover  mutter 
that  he  felt  "  as  if  it  had  snowed  in  his  belly  • " 
Perhaps  at  Smithfield-market  on  the  Friday  after- 
noons every  street-trade  in  eatables  and  drinkables 
has  its  representative,  with  the  exception  of  such 
things  as  sweet-stuff,  curds  and  whey,  &c.,  which 
are  bought  chiefly  by  women  and  children.  There 
were  plum-dough,  plum-cake,  pastry,  pea-soup, 
whelks,  periwinkles,  ham-sandwiches,  hot-eels, 
oranges,  &c.,  &c.,  &c. 

These  things  are  the  usual  accompaniment  of 
street-markets,  and  I  now  come  to  the  subject 
matter  of  the  work,  the  sale  of  second-hand 
articles. 

In  this  trade,  since  the  introduction  of  a  new 
arrangement  two  months  ago,  there  has  been  a 
great  change.  The  vendors  are  not  allowed  to 
vend  barrows  in  the  market,  unless  indeed  with  a 
poney  or  donkey  harnessed  to  them,  or  unless 
they  are  wheeled  about  by  the  owner,  and  they 
are  not  allowed  to  spread  their  wares  on  the 
ground.  When  it  is  considered  of  what  those 
wares  are  composed,  the  awkwardness  of  the 
arrangement,  to  the  sales-people,  may  be  under- 
stood. They  consist  of  second-hand  collars,  pads, 
saddles,  bridles,  bits,  traces,  every  description  of 
worn  harness,  whole  or  in  parts ;  the  wheels, 
springs,  axles,  &c.,  of  barrows  and  carts ;  the 
beams,  chains,  and  bodies  of  scales ; — these,  per- 
haps, are  the  chief  things  which  are  sold  sepa- 
rately, as  parts  of  a  whole.  The  traders  have  now 
no  other  option  but  to  carry  them  as  they  best 


THE    STREET     DOG-SELLER. 


LONDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


47 


can,  and  offer  them  for  sale.  You  saw  men  who 
reitUy  appear  clad  in  harness.  Portions  were 
fastened  round  their  bodies,  collars  slung  on  their 
arms,  pads  or  small  cart-saddles,'  with  their  shaft- 
gear,  were  planted  on  their  shoulders.  Some 
carried  merely  a  collar,  or  a  harness  bridle, 
or  even  a  bit  or  a  pair  of  spurs.  It  was  the 
same  with  the  springs,  &c.,  of  the  barrows 
and  small  carts.  They  were  carried  under 
men's  arms,  or  poised  on  their  shoulders.  The 
wheels  and  other  things  which  are  too  heavy 
for  such  modes  of  transport  had  to  be  placed  in 
some  sort  of  vehicle,  and  in  the  vehicles  might  be 
seen  trestles,  &c 

The  complaints  on  the  part  of  the  second-hand 
sellers  were  neither  few  nor  mild  :  "  If  it  had 
been  a  fat  ox  that  had  to  be  accommodated,"  said 
one,  "  before  he  was  roasted  for  an  alderman, 
they  *d  have  found  some  way  to  do  it.  But  it 
don't  matter  for  poor  men ;  though  why  we 
shouldn't  be  suited  with  a  market  as  well  as 
richer  people  is  not  the  ticket,  that 's  the  fact." 

These  arrangements  are  already  beginning  to  be 
infringed,  and  will  be  more  and  more  infringed,  j 
for  such  is  always  the  case.     The  reason  why  they 
were  adopted  was  that  the  ground  was  so  littered, 
that  there  was  not  room  for  the  donkey  traffic  and 


other  requirements  of  the  market.  The  donkeys, 
when  "  shown,"  under  the  old  arrangement,  often 
trod  on  boards  of  old  metal,  &c.,  spread  on  the 
ground,  and  tripped,  sometimes  to  their  injury,  in 
consequence.  Prior  to  the  change,  about  twenty 
persons  used  to  come  from  Petticoat-lane,  &c.,  and 
spread  their  old  metal  or  other  stores  on  the 
ground. 

Of  these  there  are  now  none.  These  Petticoat- 
laners,  I  was  told  by  a  Smithfield  frequenter, 
were  men  "  who  knew  the  price  of  old  rags," — a 
new  phrase  expressive  of  their  knowingness  and 
keenness  in  trade. 

The  statistics  of  this  trade  will  be  found  under 
that  head  ;  the  prices  are  often  much  higher  and 
much  lower.  I  speak  of  the  regular  trades.  I 
have  not  included  the  sale  of  the  superior  butchers' 
carts,  &c.,  as  that  is  a  traffic  not  in  the  hands  of 
the  regular  second-hand  street-sellers.  I  have  not 
thought  it  requisite  to  speak  of  the  hawking 
of  whips,  sticks,  wash-leathers,  brushes,  curry- 
combs, &c.,  &c.,  of  which  I  have  already  treated 
distinctively. 

The  accounts  of  the  Capital  and  Income  of  the 
Street-Sellers  of  Second-Hand  Articles  I  am 
obliged  to  defer  till  a  future  occasion. 


OF  THE  STREET -SELLERS  OF  LIVE  ANIMALS. 


Thb  live  animals  sold  in  the  streets  include  beasts,  I 
birds,  fish,  and  reptiles,  all  sold  in  the  streets  of 
London. 

The  class  of  men  carrying  on  this  business — for  ! 
they  are  nearly  all  men — is  mixed ;  but  the  ma-  1 
jority  are  of  a  half-sporting  and  half-vagrant  kind. 
One  informant  told  me  that  the  bird-catchers,  for 
instance,  when  young,  as  more  than  three-fourths 
of  them  are,  were  those  who  "  liked  to  be  after  a 
loose  end,"  first  catching  their  birds,  as  a  sort  of 
■porting  business,  and  then  sometimes  selling  them 
in  the  streets,  but  far  more  frequently  disposing  of 
them  in  the  bird-shops.  "  Some  of  these  boys," 
a  bird-seller  in  a  large  way  of  business  said  to  me, 
"used  to  become  rat-catchers  or  dog-sellers,  but 
there  's  not  such  great  openings  in  the  rat  and  dog 
line  DOW.  As  far  as  I  know,  they  're  the  same 
lads,  or  just  the  same  sort  of  lads,  anyhow,  as  you 
may  see  '  helping/  holding  horses,  or  things  like 
that,  at  concerns  like  them  small  races  at  Peck- 
ham  or  Chalk  Farm,  or  helping  any  way  at  the 
foot-races  at  Camberwell."  There  is  in  this  bird- 
catching  a  strong  manifestation  of  the  vagrant 
spirit.  To  rise  long  before  daybreak ;  to  walk 
some  mile*  before  daybreak ;  from  the  earliest 
dawn  to  wait  in  some  field,  or  common,  or  wood, 
watching  the  capture  of  the  birds ;  then  a  long 
trudge  to  town  to  dispose  of  the  fluttering  cap- 
tives ;  all  this  is  done  cheerfully,  because  there  are 
about  it  the  irresistible  charms,  to  this  class,  of 
excitement,  variety,  and  free  and  open-air  life. 
Nor  do  these  charms  appear  one  whit  weakened 
when,  as  happens  often  enough,  all  this  early  mom 
boaineat  is  earriad  on  fiwtiog. 


The  old  men  in  the  bird-catching  business  are 
not  to  be  ranked  as  to  their  enjoyment  of  it  with 
the  juveniles,  for  these  old  men  are  sometimes 
infirm,  and  can  but,  as  one  of  them  said  to  me 
some  time  ago,  "  hobble  about  it."  But  they  have 
the  same  spirit,  or  the  sparks  of  it.  And  in  this 
part  of  the  trade  is  one  of  the  curious  character- 
istics of  a  street-life,  or  rather  of  an  open-air 
pursuit  for  the  requirements  of  a  street-trade.  A 
man,  worn  out  for  other  purposes,  incapable  of 
anything  but  a  passive,  or  sort  of  lazy  labour — 
such  as  lying  in  a  field  and  watching  the  action  of 
his  trap-cages — will  yet  in  a  summer's  morning, 
decrepid  as  he  may  be,  possess  himself  of  a  dozen 
or  even  a  score  of  the  very  freest  and  most  aspir- 
ing of  all  our  English  small  birds,  a  creature  of  the 
air  beyond  other  birds  of  his  "  order  " — to  use  an 
ornithological  term — of  sky-larks. 

The  dog-sellers  are  of  a  sporting,  trading, 
idling  class.  Their  sport  is  now  the  rat-hunt,  or 
the  ferret-match,  or  the  dog-fight ;  as  it  was  with 
the  predecessors  of  their  stamp,  the  cock-fight; 
the  bull,  bear,  and  badger  bait ;  the  shrove-tide 
cock-shy,  or  the  duck  hunt.  Their  trading  spirit 
is  akin  to  that  of  the  higher-class  sporting  frater- 
nity, the  trading  members  of  the  turf.  They  love 
to  sell  and  to  bargain,  always  with  a  quiet  exulta- 
tion at  the  time — a  matter  of  loud  tavern  boast 
afterwards,  perhaps,  as  respects  the  street-folk — 
how  they  "  do"  a  customer,  or  "  do"  one  another. 
"  It 's  not  cheating,"  was  the  remark  and  apology 
of  a  very  famous  jockey  of  the  old  times,  touching 
such  measures;  "it's  not  cheating,  it's  outwit- 
ting."   Perhapt^tbis  ezpreMcs  the  code  of  honesty 


48 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  such  traders ;  not  to  cheat,  but  to  outwit  or 
over-reach.  Mixed  with  such  traders,  however, 
are  found  a  few  quiet,  plodding,  fair-dealing  men, 
whom  it  is  difficult  to  classify,  otherwise  than  that 
they  are  "in  the  line,  just  because  they  likes  it." 
The  idling  of  these  street-sellers  is  a  part  of  their 
business.  To  walk  by  the  hour  up  and  down  a 
street,  and  with  no  manual  labour  except  to  clean 
their  dogs'  kennels,  and  to  carry  them  in  their 
arms,  is  but  an  idleness,  although,  as  some  of  these 
men  will  tell  you,  "  they  work  hard  at  it." 

Under  the  respective  heads  of  dog  and  bird- 
sellers,  I  shall  give  more  detailed  characteristics  of 
the  class,  as  well  as  of  the  varying  qualities  and 
inducements  of  the  buyers. 

The  street-sellers  of  foreign  birds,  such  as  par- 
rots, parroquets,  and  cockatoos  ;  of  gold  and  silver 
fish ;  of  goats,  tortoises,  rabbits,  leverets,  hedge- 
hogs ;  and  the  collectors  of  snails,  worms,  frogs, 
and  toads,  are  also  a  mixed  body.  Foreigners, 
Jews,  seamen,  countrymen,  costermongers,  and 
boys  form  a  part,  and  of  them  I  shall  give  a  de- 
scription under  the  several  heads.  The  promi- 
nently-characterized street-sellers  are  the  traders 
in  dogs  and  birds. 

Of  the  former  Street-Sellers,  "  Fikders," 

Stealers,  and  Restorers  of  Dogs. 
Before  I  describe  the  present  condition  of  the 
street-trade  in  dogs,  which  is  principally  in 
spaniels,  or  in  the  description  well  known  as  lap- 
dogs,  I  will  give  an  account  of  the  former  condi- 
tion of  the  trade,  if  trade  it  can  properly  be 
called,  for  the  "  finders  "  and  "  stealers  "  of  dogs 
were  the  more  especial  subjects  of  a  parlia- 
mentary inquiry,  from  which  I  derive  the  official 
information  on  the  matter.  The  Report  of  the 
Committee  was  ordered  by  the  House  of  Com- 
mons to  be  printed,  July  26,  1844. 

In  their  Report  the  Committee  observe,  con- 
cerning the  value  of  pet  dogs  : — "  From  the  evi- 
dence of  various  witnesses  it  appears,  that  in  one 
case  a  spaniel  was  sold  for  105/.,  and  in  another, 
under  a  sheriff's  execution,  for  95/.  at  the  hammer; 
and  50/.  or  60/.  are  not  unfrequently  given  for 
fancy  dogs  of  first-rate  breed  and  beauty."  The 
hundred  guineas'  dog  above  alluded  to  was  a 
"  black  and  tan  King  Charles's  spaniel ;" — indeed, 
Mr.  Dowling,  the  editor  of  BelUs  Life  in  London, 
said,  in  his  evidence  before  the  Committee,  "  I 
have  known  as  much  as  150/.  given  for  a  dog." 
He  said  afterwards :  "  There  are  certain  marks 
about  the  eyes  and  otherwise,  which  are  con- 
sidered *  properties  ;'  and  it  depends  entirely  upon 
the  property  which  a  dog  possesses  as  to  its 
value." 

I  need  not  dwell  on  the  general  fondness  of  the 
English  for  dogs,  otherwise  than  as  regards  what 
were  the  grand  objects  of  the  dog-finders'  search 
— ladies'  small  spaniels  and  lap-dogs,  or,  as  they 
are  sometimes  called,  "carriage-dogs,"  by  their 
being  the  companions  of  ladies  inside  their  car- 
riages. These  animals  first  became  fashionable 
by  the  fondness  of  Charles  II.  for  them.  That 
monarch  allowed  them  undisturbed  possession  of 
the  gilded  chairs  in  his  palace  of  Whitehall,  and 


seldom  took  his  accustomed  walk  in  the  park  with- 
out a  tribe  of  them  at  his  heels.  So  "  fashionable  " 
were  spaniels  at  that  time  and  afterwards,  that  in 
1712  Pope  made  the  chief  of  all  his  sylphs  and 
sylphides  the  guard  of  a  lady's  lapdog.  The 
fashion  has  long  continued,  and  still  continues ; 
and  it  was  on  this  fashionable  fondness  for  a  toy, 
and  on  the  regard  of  many  others  for  the  noble 
and  affectionate  qualities  of  the  dog,  that  a  traffic 
was  established  in  London,  which  became  so  ex- 
tensive and  so  lucrative,  that  the  legislature  inter- 
fered, in  1844,  for  the  purpose  of  checking  it. 

I  cannot  better  show  the  extent  and  lucra- 
tiveness  of  this  trade,  than  by  citing  a  list  which 
one  of  the  witnesses  before  Parliament,  Mr.  W. 
Bishop,  a  gunmaker,  delivered  in  to  the  Com- 
mittee, of  *'  cases  in  which  money  had  recently 
been  extorted  from  the  owners  of  dogs  by  dog- 
stealers  and  their  confederates."  There  is  no  ex- 
planation of  the  space  of  time  included  under  the 
vague  term  "  recently  ;"  but  the  return  shows  that 
151  ladies  and  gentlemen  had  been  the  victims  of 
the  dog-stealers  or  dog-finders,  for  in  this  business 
the  words  were,  and  still  are  to  a  degree,  syno- 
nymes,  and  of  these  62  had  been  so  victimized 
in  1843  and  in  the  six  months  of  1844,  from 
January  to  July.  The  total  amount  shown 
by  Mr.  Bishop  to  have  been  paid  for  the 
restoration  of  stolen  dogs  was  977/.  4s.  Qd.,  or  an 
average  of  6/.  IO5.  per  individual  practised  upon. 
This  large  sum,  it  is  stated  on  the  authority  of 
the  Committee,  was  only  that  which  came  within 
Mr.  Bishop's  knowledge,  and  formed,  perhaps, 
"  but  a  tenth  part  in  amount"  of  the  whole  extor- 
tion. Mr.  Bishop  was  himself  in  the  habit  of 
doing  business  "in  obtaining  the  restitution  of 
dogs,"  and  had  once  known  18/. — the  dog-stealers 
asked  25/. — given  for  the  restitution  of  a  spaniel. 
The  full  amount  realized  by  this  dog-stealing  was, 
according  to  the  above  proportion,  9772/.  bs.  In 
1843,  227/.  35.  6c/.  was  so  realized,  and 
97/.  14s.  Qd.  in  the  six  months  of  1844,  within 
Mr.  Bishop's  personal  knowledge  ;  and  if  this  be 
likewise  a  tenth  of  the  whole  of  the  commerce 
in  this  line,  a  year's  business,  it  appears,  averaged 
2166/.  to  the  stealers  or  finders  of  dogs.  I  select 
a  few  names  from  the  list  of  those  robbed  of  dogs, 
either  from  the  amount  paid,  or  because  the  names 
are  well  known.  The  first  payment  cited  is  from 
a  public  board,  who  owned  a  dog  in  their  corporate 
capacity  : 

£  s.  d. 
Board  of  Green  Cloth  .  .800 
Hon.  W.  Ashley  (v.  t.*)  .  .  15  0  0 
Sir  F.  Burdett  .         .         .660 

Colonel  Udney  (v.  t.)  .  .  12  0  0 
Duke  of  Cambridge  .         .     30     0     0    i 

Count  Kielmansegge  .         .900 

Mr.  Orby  Hunter  (v.  t.)  .  .  15  0  0 
Mrs.  Holmes  (v.  t.)  .  .  .  50  0  0 
Sir  Richard  Phillips  (v.  t.)  .     20     0     0 

The  French  Amdassador  .  .  1  11  6 
Sir  R.  Peel  .  .  .  .200 
Edw.  Morris,  Esq.    .        .        .     17     0     0 

*  "v.  t."  signifies  "  various  times,"  of  theft  and  of 
"  restoration." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


49 


£ 

s. 

d. 

15 

0 

0 

5 

0 

0 

25 

0 

0 

22 

0 

0 

3 

0 

0 

2 

0 

0 

10 

0 

0 

5 

0 

0 

12 

0 

0 

8 

0 

0 

12 

0 

0 

10 

0 

0 

7 

0 

0 

12 

12 

0 

15 

0 

0 

14 

14 

0 

15 

0 

0 

6 

0 

0 

12 

0 

0 

2 

2 

0 

10 

10 

0 

14 

0 

0 

4 

10 

0 

10 

0 

0 

Mr*.  Bam  (v.  t.) 

Duchess  of  Sutherland 

Wyndham  Bruce,  Esq.  (v.  t.) 

Capt,  Alexander  (v.  t) 

Sir  De  Lacy  Evans  . 

Judge  Litiledale 

Leonino  Ippolito,  Esq.  (v.  t.) 

Mr.  Commissioner  Rae 

Lord  Cholmoudeley  (v.  t.)  . 

Earl  Stanhope 

Countess  of  Charlemont  (v.  t.  in 

1S43) 

Lord  Alfred  Paget    . 

Count  Leodoffe  (v.  t.) 

Mr.  Thome  (whipmaker)  '.  • 

Mr.  White  (v.  t.)      . 

Col.  Barnard  (v.  t )   . 

Mr.  T.  Holmes 

Earl  of  Winchelsea  . 

Lord  Whamcliffe  (v.  t.)     . 

Hon.  Mrs.  Dyce  Sombre    . 

M.  Ude  (v.  t.)  ... 

Count  Batthyany 

Bishop  of  Ely 

Count  D'Orsay 

Thus  these  36  ladies  and  gentlemen  paid 
438/.  5s.  6d.  to  rescue  their  dogs  from  professional 
dog-stealers,  or  an  average,  per  individual,  of  up- 
wards of  12/. 

These  dog  appropriators,  as  they  found  that 
they  could  levy  contributions  not  only  on  roj-alty, 
foreign  ambassadors,  peers,  courtiers,  and  ladies  of 
rank,  but  on  public  bodies,  and  on  the  dignitaries 
of  the  state,  the  law,  the  army,  and  the  church, 
became  bolder  and  more  expert  in  their  avocations 
— a  boldness  which  was  encouraged  by  the  exist- 
ing law.  Prior  to  the  parliamentary  inquiry,  dog- 
stealing  was  not  an  indictable  offence.  To  show 
this,  Mr.  Commissioner  Mayne  quoted  Blackstone 
to  the  Committee :  "  As  to  those  animals  which 
do  not  serve  for  food,  and  which  therefore  the  law 
holds  to  have  no  intrinsic  value,  as  dogs  of  all 
sorts,  and  other  creatures  kept  for  whim  and  plea- 
sure— though  a  man  may  have  a  base  property 
therein,  and  maintain  a  civil  action  for  the  loss  of 
them,  yet  they  are  not  of  such  estimation  as  that 
the  crime  of  stealing  them  amounts  to  larceny." 
The  only  mode  of  punishment  for  dog-stealing  was 
by  summary  conviction,  the  penalty  being  fine  or 
imprisonment;  but  Mr.  Commissioner  Mayne  did 
not  know  of  any  instance  of  a  dog-stealer  being 
sent  to  prison  in  default  of  payment.  Although  the 
law  recognised  no  property  in  a  dog,  the  animal 
wa«  taxed ;  and  it  was  complained  at  the  time 
that  an  unhappy  lady  might  have  to  pay  tax  for 
the  full  term  upon  her  dog,  perhaps  a  year  and  a 
half  after  he  had  been  stolen  from  her.  One  old 
offender,  who  stole  the  Duke  of  Beaufort's  dog,  was 
transported,  not  for  stealing  the  dog,  but  his  collar. 

The  difficulty  of  proving  the  positive  theft  of  a 
dog  was  extreme.  In  most  cases,  where  the  man 
was  not  seen  actually  to  seize  a  dog  which  could 
be  identified,  he  escaped  when  carried  before  a 
■Mgistrate.     "  The  dog-stealers,"  said   Inspector 


Shackell,  "  generally  go  two  together ;  they  have 
a  piece  of  liver ;  they  say  it  is  merely  bullock's 
liver,  which  will  entice  or  tame  the  wildest  or 
savagest  dog  which  there  can  be  in  any  yard  ; 
they  give  it  him,  and  take  him  from  his  chain. 
At  other  times,"  continues  Mr.  Shackell,  "  they 
will  go  in  the  street  with  a  little  dog,  rubbed  over 
Avith  some  sort  of  stuff,  and  will  entice  valuable 

dogs  away If  there  is  a  dog  lost  or 

stolen,  it  is  generally  known  within  five  or  six 
hours  where  that  dog  is,  and  they  know  almost 
exactly  what  they  can  get  for  it,  so  that  it  is  a 
regular  system  of  plunder."  Mr.  G.  White, 
"  dealer  in  live  stock,  dogs,  and  other  animals," 
and  at  one  time  a  "  dealer  in  lions,  and  tigers,  and 
all  sorts  of  things,"  said  of  the  dog-stealers  :  "  In 
turning  the  corners  of  streets  there  are  two  or 
three  of  them  together ;  one  will  snatch  up  a  dog 
and  put  into  his  apron,  and  the  others  will  stop 
the  lady  and  say,  *  What  is  the  matter  V  and  di- 
rect the  party  who  has  lost  the  dog  in  a  contrary 
direction  to  that  taken." 

In  this  business  were  engaged  from  50  to 
60  men,  half  of  them  actual  stealers  of  the 
animals.  The  others  were  the  receivers,  and  the 
go-betweens  or  "restorers."  The  thief  kept 
the  dog  perhaps  for  a  day  or  two  at  some  public- 
house,  and  he  then  took  it  to  a  dog-dealer  with 
whom  he  was  connected  in  the  way  of  business. 
These  dealers  carried  on  a  trade  in  "  honest 
dogs,"  as  one  of  the  witnesses  styled  them  (mean- 
ing dogs  honestly  acquired),  but  some  of  them 
dealt  principally  with  the  dog-stealers.  Their 
depots  could  not  be  entered  by  the  police,  being 
private  premises,  without  a  search-warrant — and 
direct  evidence  was  necessary  to  obtain  a  search- 
warrant — and  of  course  a  stranger  in  quest  of  a 
stolen  dog  would  not  bo  admitted.  Some  of  the 
dog-dealers  would  not  purchase  or  receive  dogs 
known  to  have  been  stolen,  but  others  bought 
and  speculated  in  them.  If  an  advertisement 
appeared  offering  a  reward  for  the  dog,  a  negotia- 
tion was  entered  into.  If  no  reward  was  offered, 
the  owner  of  the  dog,  who  was  always  either 
known  or  made  out,  was  waited  upon  by  a  re- 
storer, who  undertook  "  to  restore  the  dog  if  terms 
could  be  come  to."  A  dog  belonging  to  Colonel 
Fox  was  once  kept  six  weeks  before  the  thieves 
would  consent  to  the  Colonel's  tenns.  One  of  the 
most  successful  restorers  was  a  shoemaker,  and 
mixed  little  with  the  actual  stealers;  tho  dog- 
dealers,  however,  acted  as  restorers  frequently 
enough.  If  the  person  robbed  paid  a  good  round 
sum  for  the  restoration  of  a  dog,  and  paid  it 
speedily,  the  animal  was  almost  certain  to  be 
stolen  a  second  time,  and  a  higher  sum  was  then 
demanded.  Sometimes  the  thieves  threatened 
that  if  they  were  any  longer  trifled  with  they 
would  inflict  torture  on  the  dog,  or  cut  its  throat. 
One  lady,  Miss  Brown  of  Bol ton-street,  was  so 
worried  by  these  threats,  and  by  having  twice  to 
redeem  her  dog,  "that  she  has  left  England," 
said  Mr.  Bishop,  "and  I  really  do  believe  for  the 
sake  of  keeping  the  dog."  It  docs  not  appear,  as 
far  as  the  evidence  shows,  that  these  threats  of 
torture  or  death  were  ever  carried  into  execution; 


50 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


gome  of  the  witnesses  had  merely  heard  of  such 

things. 

The  shoemaker  alluded  to  was  named  Taylor, 
and  Inspector  Shackell  thus  describes  this  person's 
way  of  transacting  business  in  the  dog  "  restoring" 
line :  "  There  is  a  man  named  Taylor,  who  is  one 
of  the  greatest  restorers  in  London  of  stolen  dogs, 
through  Mr.  Bishop."  [Mr.  Bishop  was  a  gun- 
maker  in  Bond-street.]  "  It  is  a  disgrace  to 
London  that  any  person  should  encourage  a  man 
like  that  to  go  to  extort  money  from  ladies  and 
gentlemen,  especially  a  respectable  man.  A  gen- 
tleman applied  to  me  to  get  a  valuable  dog  that 
was  stolen,  with  a  chain  on  his  neck,  and  the 
name  on  the  collar;  and  I  heard  Mr,  Bishop  him- 
self say  that  it  cost  QL;  that  it  could  not  be  got 
for  less.  Capt.  Vansittart  (the  owner  of  the  dog) 
came  out;  I  asked  him  particularly,  *  Will  you 
give  me  a  description  of  the  dog  on  a  piece  of 
paper,'  and  that  is  his  writing  (producing  a  paper). 
I  went  and  made  inquiry;  and  the  captain  him- 
self, who  lives  in  Belgrave-square,  said  he  had  no 
objection  to  give  il.  for  the  recovery  of  the  dog, 
but  would  not  give  the  Ql.  I  went  and  took  a 
good  deal  of  trouble  about  it.  I  found  out  that 
Taylor  went  first  to  ascertain  what  the  owner  of 
the  dog  would  give  for  it,  and  then  went  and 
offered  1^.  for  the  dog,  then  21.,  and  at  last  pur- 
chased it  for  3^. ;  and  went  and  told  Capt,  Van- 
sittart that  he  had  given  4^.  for  the  dog;  and  the 
dog  went  back  through  the  hands  of  Mr.  Bishop." 

The  "restorers"  had,  it  appears,  the  lion's  share 
in  the  profits  of  this  business.  One  witness  had 
known  of  as  much  as  ten  guineas  being  given  for 
the  recovery  of  a  favourite  spaniel,  or,  as  the  wit- 
ness styled  it,  for  "  working  a  dog  back,"  and 
only  two  of  these  guineas  being  received  by  "  the 
party."  The  wronged  individual,  thus  delicately 
intimated  as  the  "  party,"  was  the  thief.  The 
same  witness,  Mr.  Hobdell,  knew  \il.  given  for 
the  restoration  of  a  little  red  Scotch  terrier,  which 
he,  as  a  dog-dealer,  valued  at  four  shillings  ! 

One  of  the  coolest  instances  of  the  organization 
and  boldness  of  the  dog-stealers  was  in  the  case 
of  Mr,  Fitzroy  Kelly's  "  favourite  Scotch  terrier," 
The  "  parties,"  possessing  it  through  theft,  asked 
121.  for  it,  and  urged  that  it  was  a  reasonable 
offer,  considering  the  trouble  they  were  obliged  to 
take.  "  The  dog-stealers  were  obliged  to  watch 
every  night,"  they  contended,  through  Mr,  Bishop, 
"  and  very  diligently ;  Mr.  Kelly  kept  them  out 
very  late  from  their  homes,  before  they  could  get 
the  dog  ;  he  used  to  go  out  to  dinner  or  down  to 
the  Temple,  and  take  the  dog  with  him  ;  they  had 
a  deal  of  trouble  before  they  could  get  it."  So  Mr. 
Kelly  was  expected  not  only  to  pay  more  than  the 
Talue  of  his  dog,  but  an  extra  amount  on  account 
of  the  care  he  had  taken  of  his  terrier,  and  for  the 
trouble  his  vigilance  had  given  to  the  thieves  ! 
The  matter  was  settled  at  QL  Mr.  Kelly's  case 
was  but  one  instance. 

Among  the  most  successful  of  the  practitioners 
in     this    street-finding    business    were     Messrs. 
"  Ginger"  and  "  Carrots,"   but    a  parliamentary  j 
witness  was  inclined  to  believe  that  Ginger  and 
Carrots  were  nicknames  for  the  same  individual. 


one  Barrett;  although  he  had  been  in  custody 
several  times,  he  was  considered  "  a  very  superior 
dog-stealer." 

•  If  the  stolen  dog  were  of  little  value,  it  was 
safest  for  the  stealers  to  turn  him  loose ;  if  he 
were  of  value,  and  unowned  and  unsought  for,  there 
was  a  ready  market  abroad.  The  stewards, 
stokers,  or  seamen  of  the  Ostend,  Antwerp,  Rot- 
terdam, Hamburgh,  and  all  the  French  steamers, 
readily  bought  stolen  fancy  dogs;  sometimes  twenty 
to  thirty  were  taken  at  a  voyage.  A  ste\^ard, 
indeed,  has  given  \2l.  for  a  stolen  spaniel  as  a 
private  speculation.  Dealers,  too,  came  occasion- 
ally from  Paris,  and  bought  numbers  of  these 
animals,  and  at  what  the  dog  foragers  considered 
fair  prices.  One  of  the  witnesses  (Mr.  Baker,  a 
game  dealer  in  Leadenhall-market)  said  : — "  I 
have  seen  perhaps  twenty  or  thirty  dogs  tied  up  in 
a  little  room,  and  I  should  suppose  every  one  of 
them  was  stolen  ;  a  reward  not  sufficiently  high 
being  offered  for  their  restoration,  the  parties  get 
more  money  by  taking  them  on  board  the  different 
steam-ships  and  selling  them  to  persons  on  board, 
or  to  people  coming  to  this  country  to  buy  dogs 
and  take  tliem  abroad," 

The  following  statement,  derived  from  Mr. 
Mayne's  evidence,  shows  the  extent  of  the  dog- 
stealing  business,  l3ut  only  as  far  as  came  under 
the  cognizance  of  the  police.  It  shows  the 
number  of  dogs  "lost"  or  "  stolen,"  and  of  per- 
sons "  charged"  with  the  offence,  and  "  convicted" 
or  "  discharged."  Nearly  all  the  dogs  returned  as 
lost,  I  may  observe,  were  stolen,  but  there  was  no 
evidence  to  show  the  positive  theft : — 


Dogs 
Stolen. 

Dogs 
Lost. 

Persons 
Charged. 

Con- 
victed. 

Dis- 
charged. 

1841 

43 

621 

61 

19 

32 

1842 

64 

561 

45 

17 

28 

1843 

60 

606 

38 

18 

20 

In  what  proportion  the  police-known  thefts 
stood  to  the  whole  number,  there  was  no  evidence 
given ;  nor,  I  suppose,  could  it  be  given. 

The  dog-stealers  were  not  considered  to  be  con- 
nected with  housebreakers,  though  they  might 
frequent  the  same  public-houses.  Mr.  Mayne 
pronounced  these  dog-stealers  a  genus,  a  peculiar 
class,  "what  they  call  dog-fanciers  and  dog- 
stealers;  a  sort  of  half-sporting,  betting  characters." 

The  law  on  the  subject  of  dog-stealing  (8  and  9 
Vict.,  c.  47)  now  is,  that  "  If  any  person  shall 
steal  any  dog,  every  such  offender  shall  be  deemed 
guilty  of  a  misdemeanor,  and,  being  convicted 
thereof  before  any  two  or  more  justices  of  the 
peace,  shall,  for  the  first  offence,  at  the  discretion 
of  the  said  justices,  either  be  committed  to  the 
common  gaol  or  house  of  correction,  there  to  be 
imprisoned  only,  or  be  imprisoned  and  kept  to  hard 
labour,  for  any  term  not  exceeding  six  calendar 
months,  or  shall  forfeit  and  pay  over  and  above 
the  value  of  the  said  dog  such  sum  of  money,  not 
exceeding  20^.,  as  to  the  said  justices  shall  seem 
meet.     And  if    any   person    so   convicted    shall 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


61 


afterwards  be  guilty  of  the  same  offence,  every 
such  offender  shall  be  guilty  of  an  indictable  mis- 
demeanor, and,  being  convicted  thereof,  shall  be 
liable  to  suffer  such  punishment,  by  fine  or  im- 
prisonment, with  or  without  hard  labour,  or  by 
both,  as  the  court  in  its  discretion  shall  award, 
provided  such  imprisonment  do  not  exceed  eighteen 
months." 

Of  a  Dog-"  Fikdbk." — A  "Lubker's" 
Career. 
CoHCERKiNQ  a  dog-finder,  I  received  the  following 
account  from  one  who  had  received  the  education 
of  a  gentleman,  but  whom  circumstances  had 
driven  to  an  association  with  the  vagrant  class, 
and  who  has  written  the  dog-finder's  biography 
from  personal  knowledge — a  biography  which  shows 
the  variety  that  often  characterizes  the  career  of 
the  "  lurker,"  or  street-adventurer. 

"  If  your  readers,"  writes  my  informant,  "have 
passed  the  Rubicon  of  *  forty  years  in  the  wilder- 
ness,' memory  must  bring  back  the  time  when 
the  feet  of  their  childish  pilgrimage  have  trodden 
a  beautiful  grass-plot — now  converted  into  Bel- 
grave-square  ;  when  Pimlico  was  a  *  village  out  of 
town,'  and  the  *  five  fields'  of  Chelsea  were  fields 
indeed.  To  write  the  biography  of  a  living  cha- 
racter is  always  delicate,  as  to  embrace  all  its  par- 
ticulars is  difficult ;  but  of  the  truthfulness  of  my 
account  there  is  no  question. 

"  Probably  about  the  year  of  the  great  frost 
(1814),  a  French  Protestant  refugee,  named  La 
Roche,  sought  asylum  in  this  country,  not  from 
persecution,  but  from  difficulties  of  a  commercial 
character.  He  built  for  himself,  in  Chelsea,  a 
cottage  of  wood,  nondescript  in  shape,  but  pleasant 
in  locality,  and  with  ample  accommodations  for 
himself  and  his  son.  Wife  he  had  none.  This 
little  bazaar  of  mud  and  sticks  was  surrounded 
with  a  bench  of  rude  construction,  on  which  the 
Sunday  visitors  to  Ranelagh  used  to  sit  and  sip 
their  curds  and  whey,  while  from  the  entrance — 
fer  removed  in  those  days  from  competition — 

'  There  stood  uprear'd,  as  ensign  of  the  place, 
Of  blue  and  red  and  white,  a  checquer'a  mace. 
On  which  the  paper  lantern  hung  to  tell 
How  cheap  its  owner  shaved  you,  and  how  well.' 

Things  went  on  smoothly  for  a  dozen  years,  when 
the  old  Frenchman  departed  this  life. 

"His  boy  carried  on  the  business  for  a  few 
months,  when  frequent  complaints  of  *  Sunday 
gambling '  on  the  premises,  and  loud  whispers  of 
•uipicion  relative  to  the  concealment  of  stolen 
goods,  induced  '  Chelsea  George  ' — the  name  the 
youth  had  acquired — to  sell  the  good- will  of  the 
house,  fixtures,  and  all,  and  at  the  eastern  ex- 
tremity of  London  to  embark  in  business  as  a 
•  mush  or  mushroom-faker.'  Independently  of 
bis  appropriation  of  nrabrellas,  proper  to  the  mush- 
&ker's  calling,  Chelsea  George  was  by  no  means 
•crupulons  concerning  other  little  matters  within 
his  reach,  and  if  the  proprietors  of  the  'swell 
cribs'  within  his  'beat'  had  no  'umbrellas  to  mend,' 
or  '  old  'ans  to  sell,'  he  would  ease  the  pegs  in  the 
pM«age  of  the  incumbrance  of  a  greatcoat,  and 
telegraph  the  «une  out  of  tight  (by  a  colleague), 


while  the  servant  went  in  to  make  the  desired 
inquiries.  At  last  he  was  '  bowl'd  out'  in  the 
very  act  of  '  nailing  a  yack '  (stealing  a  watch). 
He  *  expiated,'  as  it  is  called,  this  offence  by  three 
months'  exercise  on  the  'cockchafer'  (tread-mill). 
Unaccustomed  as  yet  to  the  novelty  of  the  exer- 
cise, he  fell  through  the  wheel  and  breke  one  of 
his  legs.  He  was,  of  course,  pennitted  to  finish 
his  time  in  the  infirmary  of  the  prison,  and  on  his 
liberation  was  presented  with  five  pounds  out  of 
'  the  Sheriffs'  Fund.' 

"Although,  as  I  have  before  stated,  he  had 
never  been  out  of  England  since  his  childhood, 
he  had  some  little  hereditary  knowledge  of  the 
French  language,  and  by  the  kind  and  voluntary 
recommendation  of  one  of  the  police-magistrates  of 
the  metropolis,  he  was  engaged  by  an  Irish  gentle- 
man proceeding  to  the  Continent  as  a  sort  of 
supernumerary  servant,  to  'make  himself  generally 
useful,'  As  the  gentleman  was  unmarried,  and 
mostly  stayed  at  hotels,  George  was  to  have  per- 
manent wages  and  *  find  himself,'  a  condition  he 
invariably  fulfilled,  if  anything  was  left  in  his 
way.  Frequent  intemperance,  neglect  of  duty, 
and  unaccountable  departures  of  property  from  the 
portmanteau  of  his  master,  led  to  his  dismissal, 
and  Chelsea  George  was  left,  without  friends  or 
character,  to  those  resources  which  have  supported 
him  for  some  thirty  years. 

"  During  his  '  umbrella'  enterprise  he  had  lived 
in  lodging-houses  of  the  lowest  kind,  and  of  course 
mingled  with  the  most  depraved  society,  espe- 
cially with  the  vast  army  of  trading  sturdy  men- 
dicants, male  and  female,  young  and  old,  who 
assume  every  guise  of  poverty,  misfortune,  and 
disease,  which  craft  and  ingenuity  can  devise  or 
well-tutored  hypocrisy  can  imitate.  Thus  ini- 
tiated, Chelsea  George  could  '  go  upon  any  lurk,* 
could  be  in  the  last  stage  of  consumption — actually 
in  his  dying  hour — but  now  and  then  convalescent 
for  years  and  years  together.  He  could  take  fits 
and  counterfeit  blindness,  be  a  respectable  broken- 
down  tradesman,  or  a  soldier  maimed  in  the  ser- 
vice, and  dismissed  without  a  pension. 

"  Thus  qualified,  no  vicissitudes  could  be  either 
very  new  or  very  perplexing,  and  he  commenced 
operations  without  delay,  and  pursued  them  long 
without  desertion.  The  'first  move'  in  his  men- 
dicant career  was  tahing  them  on  the  fly;  which 
means  meeting  the  gentry  on  their  walks, 
and  beseeching  or  at  times  menacing  them  till 
something  is  given  ;  something  in  general  teas 
given  to  get  rid  of  the  annoyance,  and,  till  the 
'  game  got  stale,'  an  hour's  work,  morning  and 
evening,  produced  a  harvest  of  success,  and  minis- 
tered to  an  occasion  of  debauchery. 

"  His  less  popular,  but  more  upright  father,  had 
once  been  a  dog-fancier,  and  George,  after  many 
years  vicissitude,  at  length  took  a  '  fancy '  to  the 
same  profession,  but  not  on  any  principles  recog- 
nised by  commercial  laws.  With  what  success  he 
has  practised,  the  ladies  and  gentlemen  about  the 
West-end  have  known,  to  their  loss  and  disappoint- 
ment, for  more  than  fifteen  years  past. 

"  Although  the  police  have  been  and  still  are 
on  the  alert,  George  ba«,  in  erery  initance,  hitherto 


52 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


escaped  punishment,  while  numerous  detections 
connected  with  escape  have  enabled  the  offender 
to  hold  these  officials  at  defiance.  The  'modus 
operandi '  upon  which  George  proceeds  is  to 
varnish  his  hands  with  a  sort  of  gelatine,  com- 
posed of  the  coarsest  pieces  of  liver,  fried,  pul- 
verised, and  mixed  up  with  tincture  of  myrrh." 
[This  is  the  composition  of  which  Inspector 
Shackell  spoke  before  the  Select  Committee, 
but  he  did  not  seem  to  know  of  what  the  lure 
was  concocted.  My  correspondent  continues]  : 
"  Chelsea  George  caresses  every  animal  who 
seems  'a  likely  spec,'  and  when  his  fingers  have 
been  nibbed  over  the  dogs'  noses  they  become  easy 
and  perhaps  willing  captives.  A  bag  carried  for 
the  purpose,  receives  the  victim,  and  away  goes 
George,  bag  and  all,  to  his  printer's  in  Seven 
Dials.  Two  bills  and  no  less — two  and  no  more, 
for  such  is  George's  style  of  work — are  issued  to 
describe  the  animal  that  has  thus  been  found, 
and  which  will  be  'restored  to  its  owner  on  pa)'- 
ment  of  expenses.'  One  of  these  George  puts  in 
his  pocket,  the  other  he  pastes  up  at  a  public- 
house  whose  landlord  is  'fly'  to  its  meaning,  and 
poor  '  bow-wow  '  is  sold  to  a  '  dealer  in  dogs,'  not 
very  far  from  Sharp's  alley.  In  course  of  time 
the  dog  is  discovered ;  the  possessor  refers  to  the 
'establishment'  where  he  bought  it;  the  'dealer 
makes  himself  square,'  by  giving  the  address  of 
'the  chap  he  bought  'un  of,'  and  Chelsea  George 
shows  a  copy  of  the  advertisement,  calls  in  the 
publican  as  a  witness,  and  leaves  the  place  *  without 
the  slightest  imputation  on  his  character.'  Of  this 
man's  earnings  I  cannot  speak  with  precision  :  it  is 
probable  that  in  a  '  good  year '  his  clear  income  is 
2001. ;  in  a  bad  year  but'lOO/.,  but,  as  he  is  very 
adroit,  I  am  inclined  to  believe  that  the  '  good ' 
years  somewhat  predominate,  and  that  the  average 
income  may  therefore  exceed  150/.  yearly." 

Op  the  Present  Street- Sellers  of  Dogs, 
It  will  have  been  noticed  that  in  the  accounts  I 
have  given  of  the  former  street-transactions  in 
dogs,  there  is  no  mention  of  the  sellers.  The  in- 
formation I  have  adduced  is  a  condensation  of  the 
evidence  given  before  the  Select  Committee  of  the 
House  of  Commons,  and  the  inqxiiry  related  only 
to  the  stealing,  finding,  and  restoring  of  dogs,  the 
selling  being  but  an  incidental  part  of  the  evidence. 
Then,  however,  as  now,  the  street-sellers  were  not 
implicated  in  the  thefts  or  restitution  of  dogs, 
"just  except,"  one  man  told  me,  "as  there  was  a 
black  sheep  or  two  in  every  flock."  The  black 
sheep,  however,  of  this  street-calling  more  fre- 
quently meddled  with  restoring,  than  with  "  find- 
ing." 

Another  street  dog- seller,  an  intelligent  man, — 
who,  however  did  not  know  so  much  as  my  first 
informant  of  the  state  of  the  trade  in  the  olden 
time, — expressed  a  positive  opinion,  that  no  dog- 
stealer  was  now  a  street-hawker  ("  hawker"  was 
the  word  I  found  these  men  use).  His  reasons  for 
this  opinion,  in  addition  to  his  own  judgment  from 
personal  knowledge,  are  cogent  enough  ;  "  It  isn't 
possible,  sir,"  he  said,  "and  this  is  the  reason 
why.     We  are  not  a  large  body  of  men.     We 


stick  pretty  closely,  when  we  are  out,  to  the  same 
places.  We  are  as  well-known  to  the  police,  as 
any  men  whom  they  most  know,  by  sight  at  any 
rate,  from  meeting  them  every  day.  Now,  if  a 
lady  or  gentleman  has  lost  a  dog,  or  it's  been 
stolen  or  strayed — and  the  most  petted  will  some- 
times stray  unaccountably  and  follow  some  stranger 
or  other — why  where  does  she,  and  he,  and  all 
the  family,  and  all  the  servants,  first  look  for  the 
lost  animal  ?  Why,  where,  but  at  the  dogs  we 
are  hawking  ]  No,  sir,  it  can't  be  done  now,  and 
it  isn't  done  in  my  knowledge,  and  it  oughtn't  to 
be  done.  I  'd  rather  make  5s.  on  an  honest  dog 
than  51.  on  one  that  wasn't,  if  there  was  no  risk 
about  it  either."  Other  information  convinces  me 
that  this  statement  is  correct. 

Of  these  street-sellers  or  hawkers  there  are  now 
about  twenty-five.  There  may  be,  however,  but 
twenty,  if  so  many,  on  any  given  day  in  the  streets, 
as  there  are  always  some  detained  at  home  by 
other  avocations  connected  with  their  line  of  life. 
The  places  they  chiefly  frequent  are  the  Quadrant 
and  Regent-street  generally,  but  the  Quadrant  far 
the  most.  Indeed  before  the  removal  of  the 
colonnade,  one-half  at  least  of  all  the  dog-sellers 
of  London  would  resort  there  on  a  very  wet  day, 
as  they  had  the  advantage  of  shelter,  and  gene- 
rally of  finding  a  crowd  assembled,  either  lounging 
to  pass  the  time,  or  waiting  "  for  a  fair  fit,"  and  so 
with  leisure  to  look  at  dogs.  The  other  places  are 
the  West-end  squares,  the  banks  of  the  Serpentine, 
Charing-cross,  the  Royal  Exchange,  and  the  Bank 
of  England,  and  the  Parks  generally.  They  visit, 
too,  any  public  place  to  which  there  may  be  a  tem- 
porary attraction  of  the  classes  likely  to  be  pur- 
chasers—  a  mere  crowd  of  people,  I  was  told, 
was  no  good  to  the  dog-hawkers,  it  must  be  a 
crowd  of  people  that  had  money — such  as  the 
assemblage  of  ladies  and  gentlemen  who  crowd 
the  windows  of  Whitehall  and  Parliament-street, 
when  the  Queen  opens  or  prorogues  the  houses. 
These  spectators  fill  the  street  and  the  Horse- 
guards'  portion  of  the  park  as  soon  as  the  street 
mass  has  dispersed,  and  they  often  afford  the 
means  of  a  good  day's  work  to  the  dog  people. 

Two  dogs,  carefully  cleaned  and  combed,  or 
brushed,  are  carried  in  a  man's  arms  for  street- 
vending.  A  fine  chain  is  generally  attached  to  a 
neat  collar,  so  that  the  dog  can  be  relieved  from 
the  cramped  feel  he  will  experience  if  kept  off  his 
feet  too  long.  In  carrying  these  little  animals  for 
sale — for  it  is  the  smaller  dogs  which  are  carried 
— the  men  certainly  display  them  to  the  best  ad- 
vantage. Their  longer  silken  ears,  their  prominent 
dark  eyes  and  black  noses,  and  the  delicacy  of 
their  fore-paws,  are  made  as  prominent  as  possible, 
and  present  what  the  masses  very  well  call  "  quite 
a  pictur."  I  have  alluded  to  the  display  of  the 
Spaniels,  as  they  constitute  considerably  more 
than  half  of  the  street  trade  in  dogs,  the  "  King 
Charleses"  and  the  "  Blenheims"  being  disposed  of 
in  nearly  equal  quantities.  They  are  sold  for  lap- 
dogs,  pets,  carriage  companions  or  companions  in 
a  walk,  and  are  often  intelligent  and  alFectionate. 
Their  colours  are  black,  black  and  tan,  white  and 
liver-colour,  chestnut,  black  and  white,  and  entirely 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


53 


white,  with  many  shades  of  these  hues,  and  inter- 
blendings  of  them,  one  with  another,  and  with 
gray. 

The  small  Teitiers  are,  however,  coming  more 
into  fashion,  or,  as  the  hawkers  call  it,  into 
"  vogue."  They  are  usually  black,  with  tanned 
muzzles  and  feet,  and  with  a  keen  look,  their 
hair  being  short  and  smooth.  Some,  however,  are 
preferred  with  long  and  somewhat  wiry  hair,  and 
the  colour  is  often  strongly  mixed  with  gray.  A 
small  Isle  of  Skye  terrier — but  few,  I  was  in- 
formed know  a  "  real  Skye  " — is  sometimes  car- 
ried in  the  streets,  as  well  as  the  little  rough 
dogs  known  as  Scotch  terriers.  When  a  street- 
seller  has  a  litter  of  terrier  pups,  he  invariably 
selects  the  handsomest  for  the  streets,  for  it 
happens — my  informant  did  not  know  why,  but 
he  and  others  were  positive  that  so  it  was — that 
the  handsomest  is  the  worst;  "the  worst,"  it 
must  be  understood  as  regards  the  possession  of 
choice  sporting  qualities,  more  especially  of  pluck. 
The  terrier's  education,  as  regards  his  prowess  in 
a  rat-pit,  is  accordingly  neglected ;  and  if  a  gen- 
tleman ask,  "  Will  he  kill  rats'?"  the  answer  is  in 
the  negative ;  but  this  is  no  disparagement  to  the 
Siile,  because  the  dog  is  sold,  perhaps,  for  a  lady's 
pet,  and  is  not  wanted  to  kill  rats,  or  to  "  fight 
any  dog  of  his  weight." 

The  Pugs,  for  which,  40  to  50  years  ago,  and, 
in  a  diminished  degree,  30  years  back,  there  was, 
in  the  phrase  of  the  day,  "quite  a  rage,"  pro- 
vided only  the  pug  was  hideous,  are  now  never 
cflfered  in  the  streets,  or  bo  rarely,  that  a  well- 
known  dealer  assjired  me  he  had  only  sold  one  in 
the  streets  for  two  years.  A  Leadenhall  trades- 
man, fond  of  dogs,  but  in  no  way  connected  with 
the  trade,  told  me  that  it  came  to  be  looked  upon, 
that  a  pug  was  a  fit  companion  for  only  snappish 
old  maids,  and  "  so  the  women  wouldn't  have  them 
any  longer,  least  of  all  the  old  maids." 

Frenck  Poodles  are  also  of  rare  street-sale. 
One  man  had  a  white  poodle  two  or  three  years 
ago,  so  fat  and  so  round,  that  a  lady,  who  priced 
it,  was  told  by  a  gentleman  with  her,  that  if 
the  head  and  the  short  legs  were  removed,  and 
the  inside  scooped  out,  the  animal  would  make  a 
capital  muff;  yet  even  that  poodle  was  difficult 
of  sale  at  50/. 

Occasionally  also  an  Italian  Greyhound,  seem- 
ing cold  and  shivery  on  the  warmest  days,  is 
borne  in  a  hawker's  arms,  or  if  following  on  foot, 
trembling  and  looking  sad,  as  if  mentally  mur- 
muring at  the  climate. 

In  such  places  as  the  banks  of  the  Serpentine, 
or  in  the  Begent's-park,  the  hawker  docs  not 
carry  his  dogs  in  his  arms,  so  much  as  let  them 
trot  along  with  him  in  a  body,  and  they  arc  sure 
to  attract  attention  ;  or  ho  sits  down,  and  they 
play  or  sleep  about  bim.  One  dealer  told  me  that 
children  often  took  such  a  fancy  for  a  pretty 
spaniel,  that  it  was  difficult  fur  cither  mother, 
govcniess,  or  nurse,  to  drag  them  away  until  the 
man  was  requested  to  call  in  the  evening,  bringing 
with  bim  the  dog,  which  was  very  often  bought, 
or  the  hawker  recompensed  fur  his  loss  of  time. 
But  aometime*  the  dogdealera,  I    beard  from 


several,  meet  with  great  shabbiness  among  rich 
people,  who  recklessly  give  them  no  small  trouble, 
and  sometimes  put  them  to  expense  without  the 
slightest  return,  or  even  an  acknowledgment  or  a 
word  of  apology.  "  There  's  one  advantage  in  my 
trade,"  said  a  dealer  in  live  animals,  "  we  always 
has  to  do  with  principals.  There  'a  never  a  lady 
would  let  her  most  favouritest  maid  choose  her  dog 
for  her.     So  no  parkisits." 

The  species  which  I  have  enumerated  are  all 
that  are  now  sold  in  the  streets,  with  the  excep- 
tion of  an  odd  "plum-pudding,"  or  coach-dog  (the 
white  dog  with  dark  spots  which  runs  after  car- 
riages), or  an  odd  bull-dog,  or  bull-terrier,  or 
indeed  with  the  exception  ot  "odd  dogs"  of  every 
kind.  The  hawkers  are,  however,  connected  with 
the  trade  in  sporting  dogs,  and  often  through  the 
medium  of  their  street  traffic,  as  I  shall  show 
under  the  next  head  of  my  subject. 

There  is  one  peculiarity  in  the  hawking  of  fancy 
dogs,  which  distinguishes  it  from  all  other  branches 
of  street-commerce.  The  purchasers  are  all  of  the 
wealthier  class.  This  has  had  its  influence  on  the 
manners  of  the  dog-sellers.  They  will  be  found, 
in  the  majority  of  cases,  quiet  and  deferential 
men,  but  without  servility,  and  with  little  of  the 
quality  of  speech  ;  and  I  speak  only  of  speech 
which  among  English  people  is  known  as 
"gammon,"  and  among  Irish  people  as  "blar- 
ney." This  manner  is  common  to  many;  to  the 
established  trainer  of  race-horses  for  instance, 
who  is  in  constant  communication  with  persons  in 
a  very  superior  position  in  life  to  his  own,  and  to 
whom  he  is  exceedingly  deferential.  But  the 
trainer  feels  that  in  all  points  connected  with  his 
not  very  easy  business,  as  well,  perhaps,  as  in 
general  turf  knowingness,  his  royal  highness  (as 
was  the  case  once),  or  his  grace,  or  my  lord,  or  Sir 
John,  was  inferior  to  himself;  and  so  with  all  his 
deference  there  mingles  a  strain  of  quiet  contempt, 
or  rather,  perhaps,  of  conscious  superiorit}',  which 
is  one  ingredient  in  the  formation  of  the  manners  I 
have  hastily  sketched. 

The  customers  of  the  street-hawkers  of  dogs  are 
ladies  and  gentlemen,  who  buy  what  may  have 
attracted  their  admiration.  The  kept  mistresses 
of  the  wealthier  classes  are  often  excellent  cus- 
tomers. "  Many  of  'em,  I  know,"  was  said  to 
me,  "  dotes  on  a  nice  spaniel.  Yes,  and  I  've 
known  gentlemen  buy  dogs  for  their  misses ;  I 
couldn't  be  mistaken  when  I  might  be  sent  on 
with  them,  which  was  part  of  the  bargain.  If  it 
was  a  two-guinea  dog  or  so,  I  was  told  never  to 
give  a  hint  of  the  price  to  the  servant,  or  to  any- 
body. /  know  why.  It 's  easy  for  a  gentleman 
that  wants  to  please  a  lady,  and  not  to  lay  out  any 
great  matter  of  tin,  to  say  that  what  had  really 
cost  him  two  guineas,  cost  him  twenty."  If  one 
of  the  working  classes,  or  a  small  tradesman,  buy 
a  dog  in  the  streets,  it  is  generally  because  he  is 
"  of  a  fancy  turn,"  and  breeds  a  few  dogs,  and 
traffics  in  them  in  hopes  of  profit. 

The  homes  of  the  dog-hawkers,  as  far  as  I  had 
means  of  ascertaining — and  all  I  saw  were  of  the 
same  character — are  comfortable  and  very  cleanly. 
The  small  spaniels,  terrierS|  &&, — I  do  not  now 


64 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


allude  to  sporting  dogs — are  generally  kept  in 
kennels,  or  in  small  wooden  houses  erected  for  the 
purpose  in  a  back  garden  or  yard.  These  abodes 
are  generally  in  some  open  court,  or  little  square 
or  "  grove,"  where  there  is  a  free  access  of  air. 
An  old  man  who  was  sitting  at  his  door  in  the 
Bummer  evening,  when  I  called  upon  a  dog-seller, 
and  had  to  wait  a  short  time,  told  me  that  so 
quiet  were  his  next-door  neighbour's  (the  street- 
hawker's)  dogs,  that  for  some  weeks,  he  did  not 
know  his  newly-come  neighbour  was  a  dog-man  ; 
although  he  was  an  old  nervous  man  himself,  and 
couldn't  bear  any  unpleasant  noise  or  smell.  The 
scrupulous  observance  of  cleanliness  is  necessary 
in  the  rearing  or  keeping  of  small  fancy  dogs,  for 
without  such  observance  the  dog  would  have  a 
disagreeable  odour  about  it,  enough  to  repel  any 
lady-buyer.  It  is  a  not  uncommon  declaration 
among  dog-sellers  that  the  animals  are  "  as  sweet 
as  nuts."  Let  it  be  remembered  that  I  have  been 
describing  the  class  of  regular  dog-sellers,  making, 
by  an  open  and  established  trade,  a  tolerable 
livelihood. 

The  spaniels,  terriers,  &c.,  the  stock  of  these 
hawkers,  are  either  bred  by  them— and  they  all 
breed  a  few  or  a  good  many  dogs — or  they  are 
purchased  of  dog-dealers  (not  street-sellers),  or  of 
people  who  having  a  good  fancy  breed  of  "  King 
Charleses,"  or  "  Blenheims,"  rear  dogs,  and  sell 
them  by  the  litter  to  the  hawkers.  The  hawkers 
also  buy  dogs  brought  to  them,  "  in  the  way  of 
business,"  but  they  are  wary  how  they  buy  any 
animal  suspected  to  be  stolen,  or  they  may  get 
into  "  trouble."  One  man,  a  carver  and  gilder,  I 
was  informed,  some  ten  years  back,  made  a  good 
deal  of  money  by  his  "black-patched"  spaniels. 
These  dogs  had  a  remarkable  black  patch  over 
their  eyes,  and  so  fond  was  the  dog-fancier,  or 
breeder  of  them,  that  when  he  disposed  of  them 
to  street-sellers  or  others,  he  usually  gave  a  por- 
trait of  the  animals,  of  his  own  rude  painting,  into 
the  bargain.  These  paintings  he  also  sold,  slightly 
framed,  and  I  have  seen  them — but  not  so  much 
j  lately — offered  in  the  streets,  and  hung  up  in 
I  poor  persons'  rooms.  This  man  lived  in  York- 
square,  behind  the  Colosseum,  then  a  not  very 
reputable  quarter.  It  is  now  Munster-square,  and 
of  a  reformed  character,  but  the  seller  of  dogs  and 
the  donor  of  their  portraits  has  for  some  time  been 
lost  sight  of. 

The  prices  at  which  fancy-dogs  are  sold  in  the 
streets  are  about  the  same  for  all  kinds.  They 
run  from  10s.  to  bl.  5s.,  but  are  very  rarely  so 
low  as  10s.,  as  "  it 's  only  a  very  scrubby  thing  for 
that."  Two  and  three  guineas  are  frequent  street 
prices  for  a  spaniel  or  small  terrier.  Of  the  dogs 
sold,  as  I  have  before  stated,  more  than  one-half 
are  spaniels.  Of  the  remainder,  more  than  one-half 
are  terriers ;  and  the  surplusage,  after  this  reckon- 
ing, is  composed  in  about  equal  numbers  of  the 
other  dogs  I  have  mentioned.  The  exportation 
of  dogs  is  not  above  a  twentieth  of  what  it  was 
before  the  appointment  of  the  Select  Committee, 
but  a  French  or  Belgium  dealer  sometimes  comes 
to  London  to  buy  dogs. 

It  is  not  easy  to  fix  upon  any  per-centage  as  to 


the  profit  of  the  street  dog-sellers.  There  is  the 
keep  and  the  rearing  of  the  animal  to  consider  ; 
and  there  is  the  same  uncertainty  in  the  traffic  as 
in  all  traffics  which  depend,  not  upon  a  demand 
for  use,  but  on  the  caprices  of  fashion,  or — to  use 
the  more  appropriate  word,  when  writing  on  such 
a  subject — of  "  fancy."  A  hawker  may  sell  three 
dogs  in  one  day,  without  any  extraordinary  effort, 
or,  in  the  same  manner  of  trading,  and  frequenting 
the  very  same  places,  may  sell  only  one  in  three 
days.  In  the  winter,  the  dogs  are  sometimes  of- 
fere'd  in  public  houses,  but  seldom  as  regards  the 
higher-priced  animals. 

From  the  best  data  I  can  command,  it  appears 
that  each  hawker  sells  "  three  dogs  and  a  half,  if 
you  take  it  that  way,  splitting  a  dog  like,  every 
week  the  year  through  ;  that  is,  sir,  four  or  five 
one  w.eek  in  the  summer,  when  trade  's  brisk  and 
days  are  long,  and  only  two  or  three  the  next 
week,  when  trade  may  be  flat,  and  in  winter 
when  there  isn't  the  same  chance."  Calculating, 
then,  that  seven  dogs  are  sold  by  each  hawker  in  a 
fortnight,  at  an  average  price  of  50s.  each,  which 
is  not  a  high  average,  and  supposing  that  but 
twenty  men  are  trading  in  this  line  the  year 
through,  we  find  that  no  less  a  sum  than  9100^. 
is  yearly  expended  in  this  street-trade.  The  weekly 
profit  of  the  hawker  is  from  25s.  to  40s.  More 
than  seven-eighths  of  these  dogs  are  bred  in  this 
country,  Italian  greyhounds  included. 

A  hawker  of  dogs  gave  me  a  statement  of  his 
life,  but  it  presented  so  little  of  incident  or  of 
change,  that  I  need  not  report  it.  He  had  as- 
sisted and  then  succeeded  his  father  in  the  busi- 
ness; was  a  pains-taking,  temperate,  and  in- 
dustrious man,  seldom  taking  even  a  glass  of  ale, 
so  that  the  tenour  of  his  way  had  been  even,  and 
he  was  prosperous  enough. 

I  will  next  give  an  account  of  the  connection 
of  the  hawkers  of  dogs  with  the  **  sporting  "  or 
"  fancy  "  part  of  the  business  ;  and  of  the  present 
state  of  dog  "  finding,"  to  show  the  change  since 
the  parliamentary  investigation. 

I  may  observe  that  in  this  traffic  the  word 
**  fancy  "  has  two  significations.  A  dog  recom- 
mended by  its  beauty,  or  any  peculiarity,  so  that 
it  be  suitable  for  a  pet-dog,  is  a  "  fancy  "  animal ; 
so  is  he  if  he  be  a  fighter,  or  a  killer  of  rats,  however 
ugly  or  common-looking ;  but  the  term  "  sporting 
dog  "  seems  to  become  more  and  more  used  in  this 
case  :  nor  is  the  first-mentioned  use  of  the  word 
"  fancy,"  at  all  strained  or  very  original,  for  it  is 
lexicographically  defined  as  "  an  opinion  bred 
rather  by  the  imagination  than  the  reason,  in- 
clination, liking,  caprice,  humour,  whim,  frolick, 
idle  scheme,  vagary." 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  op  Sporting  Dogs. 
The  use,  if  use  it  may  be  styled,  of  sporting,  or 
fighting  dogs,  is  now  a  mere  nothing  to  what  it 
once  was.  There  are  many,  sports — an  appellation 
of  many  a  brute  cruelty — which  have  become  ex- 
tinct, some  of  them  long  extinct.  Herds  of  bears, 
for  instance,  were  once  maintained  in  this  country, 
merely  to  be  baited  by  dogs.  It  was  even  a  part 
of  royal  merry-making.     It  was  a  sport  altogether 


LOIfDOir  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


55 


congenial  to  the  spirit  of  Henry  VIII.;  and  when 
his  daughter,  then  Queen  Mary,  visited  her  sister 
Elixabeth  at  Hatfield  House,  now  the  residence 
of  the  Marquess  of  Salisbury,  there  was  a  bear- 
baiting  for  their  delectation— a/^e;-  mass.  Queen 
Elizabeth,  on  her  accession  to  the  throne,  seems 
to  have  been  very  partial  to  the  baiting  of  bears 
and  of  bulls ;  for  she  not  unfrequently  welcomed 
a  foreign  ambassador  with  such  exhibitions.  The 
historians  of  the  day  intimate — they  dared  do  no 
more — that  Elizabeth  affected  these  rough  sports 
the  most  in  the  decline  of  life,  when  she  wished 
to  seem  still  sprightly  .[active,  and  healthful,  in  the 
eyes  of  her  courtiers  and  her  subjects.  Laneham, 
whose  veracity  has  not  been  impeached — though 
Sir  Walter  Scott  has  pronounced  him  to  be  as 
thorough  a  coxcomb  as  ever  blotted  paper — thus 
describes  a  bear-bait  in  presence  of  the  Queen, 
and  after  quoting  his  description  I  gladly  leave 
the  subject.  I  make  the  citation  in  order  to  show 
and  contrast  the  former  with  the  present  use  of 
sporting  dogs. 

"  It  was  a  sport  very  pleasant  to  see  the  bear, 
with  his  pink  eyes  leering  after  his  enemies,  ap- 
proach ;  the  nimbleness  and  wait  of  the  dog  to 
take  his  advantage  ;  and  the  force  and  experience 
of  the  bear  again  to  avoid  his  assaults :  if  he  were 
bitten  in  one  place,  how  he  would  pinch  in  an- 
other to  get  free ;  that  if  he  were  taken"  once, 
then  by  what  shift  with  biting,  with  clawing, 
with  roaring,  with  tossing  and  tumbling,  he  would 
work  and  wind  himself  from  them  ;  and,  when  he 
was  loose,  to  shake  his  ears  twice  or  thrice,  with 
the  blood  and  the  slaver  hanging  about  his  phy- 
siognomy. " 

The  suffering  which  constituted  the  great  de- 
light of  the  $pori  was  even  worse  than  this,  in 
bull-baiting,  fur  the  bull  gored  or  tossed  the  dogs 
to  death  more  frequently  than  the  bear  worried 
or  crushed  them. 

The  principal  place  for  the  carrying  on  of  these 
barbarities  was  at  Paris  Garden,  not  far  from  St. 
Saviour's  Church,  Southwark.  The  clamour,  and 
wrangling,  and  reviling,  with  and  without  blows, 
at  these  places,  gave  a  proverbial  expression  to  the 
lang^ge.  "  The  place  was  like  a  bear-garden," 
for  "  gardens"  they  were  called.  These  pastimes 
beguiled  the  Sunday  afternoons  more  than  any 
other  time,  and  were  among  the  chief  delights  of 
the  people,  "  until,"  writes  Dr.  Henry,  collating 
the  opinions  of  the  historians  of  the  day,  "  until 
the  reBned  amusements  of  the  drama,  possessing 
themselves  by  degrees  of  the  public  taste,  if  they 
did  not  mend  the  morals  of  the  age,  at  least  forced 
brutal  barbarity  to  quit  the  stage." 

Of  this  sport  in  Queen  Anne's  days,  Strutt's 
industry  has  collected  advertisements  telling  of 
bear  and  bull-baiting  at  Hockley-in-the-Hole, 
and  "  Tuttle "-fields,  Westminster,  and  of  dog- 
fights at  the  same  places.  Marylebonc  was 
another  locality  famous  for  these  pastimes,  and 
for  it«  breed  of  mastiflfs,  which  dogs  were  most 
used  for  baiting  the  bears,  whilst  bull-dogs 
were  the  antagonists  of  the  bull.  Gay,  who 
was  a  nfficiently  close  obterver,  and  a  close 
ohHtntx  of   street-life  too,   as  is  well  shown  in 


his  "  Trivia,"  specifies  these  localities    in  one  of 
his  fables  : — 

"  Both  Hockley-hole  and  Mary-bone 
The  combats  of  my  dog  have  known." 

Hockley-hole  was  not  far  from  Smithfield-market. 

In  the  same  localities  the  practice  of  these 
sports  lingered,  becoming  less  and  less  every  year, 
until  about  the  middle  of  the  last  century.  In 
the  country,  bull-baiting  was  practised  twenty 
times  more  commonly  than  bear-baiting ;  for  bulls 
were  plentiful,  and  bears  were  not.  There  are, 
perhaps,  none  of  our  older  country  towns  without 
the  relic  of  its  bull-ring — a  strong  iron  ring  in- 
serted into  a  large  stone  in  the  pavement,  to  which 
the  baited  bull  was  tied ;  or  a  knowledge  of  the 
site  where  the  bull-ring  was.  The  deeds  of  the 
baiting-dogs  were  long  talked  of  by  the  vulgar. 
These  sports,  and  the  dog-fights,  maintained  the 
great  demand  for  sporting  dogs  in  former  times. 

The  only  sporting  dogs  now  in  request — apart, 
of  course,  from  hunting  and  shooting  (remnants 
of  the  old  barbarous  delight  in  torture  or 
slaughter),  for  I  am  treating  only  of  the  street- 
trade,  to  which  fox-hounds,  harriers,  pointers, 
setters,  cockers,  &c.,  &c.,  are  unknown  —  are 
terriers  and  bull-terriers.  Bull-dogs  cannot  now 
be  classed  as  sporting,  but  only  as  fancy  dogs,  for 
they  are  not  good  fighters,  I  was  informed,  one 
with  another,  their  mouths  being  too  small. 

The  way  in  which  the  sale  of  sporting  dogs  is 
connected  with  street-traffic  is  in  this  wise  :  Oc- 
casionally a  sporting-dog  is  offered  for  sale  in  the 
streets,  and  then,  of  course,  the  trade  is  direct.  At 
other  times,  gentlemen  buying  or  pricing  the 
smaller  dogs,  ask  the  cost  of  a  bull-dog,  or  a  bull- 
terrier  or  rat-terrier,  and  the  street-seller  at  once 
offers  to  supply  them,  and  either  conducts  them  to 
a  dog-dealer's,  with  whom  he  may  be  commercially 
connected,  and  where  they  can  purchase  those 
dogs,  or  he  waits  upon  them  &t  their  residences 
with  some  "likely  animals."  A  dog-dealer  told 
me  that  he  hardly  knew  what  made  many  gentle- 
men so  fond  of  bull-dogs,  and  they  were  "  tlie 
fonder  on  'em  the  more  blackguarder  and  varmint- 
looking  the  creatures  was,"  although  now  they 
were  useless  for  sport,  and  the  great  praise  of  a 
bulldog,  "  never  flew  but  at  head  in  his  life,"  was 
no  longer  to  be  given  to  him,  as  there  were  no 
bulls  at  whose  heads  he  could  now  fly. 

Another  dog-dealer  informed  me — with  what 
truth  as  to  the  judgment  concerning  horses  I  do 
not  know,  but  no  doubt  with  accuracy  as  to  the 
purchase  of  the  dogs — that  Ibrahim  Pacha,  when 
in  London,  thought  little  of  the  horses  which  he 
saw,  but  was  delighted  with  the  bull-dogs,  "  and 
he  weren't  so  werry  unlike  one  in  the  face  his- 
self,''  was  said  at  the  time  by  some  of  the  fancy. 
Ibrahim,  it  seems,  bought  two  of  the  finest 
and  largest  bull-dogs  in  London,  of  Bill  George, 
giving  no  less  than  70/.  for  the  twain.  The  bull- 
dogs now  sold  by  the  street-folk,  or  through  their 
agency  in  the  way  I  have  described,  are  from 
bl.  to  26/.  each.  The  bull-terriers,  of  the  best 
blood,  are  about  the  same  price,  or  perhaps  10  to 
16  per  cent,  lower,  and  rarely  attaining  the  tip- 
top price. 


No.  XXX. 


56 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  bull-terriers,  as  I  have  stated,  are  now  the 
chief  fighting-dogs,  but  the  patrons  of  those  com- 
bats— of  those  small  imitations  of  the  savage  tastes 
of  the  Roman  Colosseum,  may  deplore  the  decay 
of  the  amusement.  From  the  beginning,  until  well 
on  to  the  termination  of  the  last  century,  it  was 
not  uncommon  to  see  announcements  of  "  twenty 
dogs  to  fight  for  a  collar,"  though  such  advertise- 
ments were  far  more  common  at  the  commence- 
ment than  towards  the  close  of  the  century.  Until 
within  these  twelve  years,  indeed,  dog-matches 
were  not  unfrequent  in  London,  and  the  favourite 
time  for  the  regalement  was  on  Sunday  mornings. 
There  were  dog-pits  in  Westminster,  and  elsewhere, 
to  which  the  admission  was  not  very  easy,  for 
only  known  persons  were  allowed  to  enter.  The 
expense  was  considerable,  the  risk  of  punishment 
was  not  a  trifle,  and  it  is  evident  that  this  Sunday 
game  was  not  supported  by  the  poor  or  working 
classes.  Now  dog-fights  are  rare.  "  There  's  not 
any  public  dog-fights,"  I  was  told,  "  and  very 
seldom  any  in  a  pit  at  a  public-house,  but  there  's 
a  good  deal  of  it,  I  know,  at  the  private  houses  of 
the  nols."  I  may  observe  that  "  the  nobs"  is  a 
common  designation  for  the  rich  among  these  sport- 
ing people. 

There  are,  however,  occasionally  dog-fights  in  a 
Bporting-house,  and  the  order  of  the  combat  is 
thus  described  to  me :  "  "We  '11  say  now  that  it 's  a 
scratch  fight ;  two  dogs  have  each  their  corner  of 
a  pit,  and  they  're  set  to  fight.  They  '11  fight 
on  till  they  go  down  together,  and  then  if  one 
leave  hold,  he  's  sponged.  Then  they  fight  again. 
If  a  dog  has  the  worst  of  it  he  mustn't  be  picked 
up,  but  if  he  gets  into  his  corner,  then  he  can 
stay  for  as  long  as  may  be  agreed  upon,  minute 
or  half-minute  time,  or  more  than  a  minute.  If 
a  dog  won't  go  to  the  scratch  out  of  his  corner, 
he  loses  the  fight.  If  they  fight  on,  why  to 
settle  it,  one  must  be  killed — though  that  very 
seldom  happens,  for  if  a  dog's  very  much  pu- 
nished, he  creeps  to  his  corner  and  don't  come  out 
to  time,  and  so  the  fight 's  settled.  Sometimes 
it 's  agreed  beforehand,  that  the  master  of  a  dog 
may  give  in  for  him;  sometimes  that  isn't  to  be 
allowed  ;  but  there  's  next  to  nothing  of  this  now, 
unless  it 's  in  private  among  the  nobs." 

It  has  been  said  that  a  sportsman — perhaps  in 
the  relations  of  life  a  benevolent  man — when  he 
has  failed  to  kill  a  grouse  or  pheasant  outright,  and 
proceeds  to  grasp  the  fluttering  and  agonised  bird 
and  smash  its  skull  against  the  barrel  of  his  gun, 
reconciles  himself  to  the  suflferings  he  inflicts  by 
the  pritle  of  art,  the  consciousness  of  skill — he  has 
brought  down  his  bird  at  a  long  shot ;  that,  too, 
when  he  cares  nothing  for  the  possession  of  the 
bird.  The  same  feeling  hardens  him  against  the 
most  piteous,  woman-like  cry  of  the  hare,  so  shot 
that  it  cannot  run.  Be  this  as  it  may,  it  cannot 
be  urged  that  in  matching  a  favourite  dog  there 
can  be  any  such  feeling  to  destroy  the  sympathy. 
The  men  who  thus  amuse  themselves  are  then 
utterly  insensible  to  any  pang  at  the  infliction  of 
pain  upon  animals,  witnessing  the  infliction  of  it 
merely  for  a  passing  excitement :  and  in  this 
insensibility  the  whole  race  who  cater  to  such 


recreations  of  the  wealthy,  as  well  as  the  wealthy 
themselves,  participate.  There  is  another  feeling 
too  at  work,  and  one  proper  to  the  sporting  cha- 
racter— every  man  of  this  class  considers  the 
glories  of  his  horse  or  his  dog  his  own,  a  feeling 
very  dear  to  selfishness. 

The  main  sport  now,  however,  in  which  dogs 
are  the  agents  is  rat-hunting.  It  is  called  hunting, 
but  as  the  rats  are  all  confined  in  a  pit  it  is  more 
like  mere  killing.  Of  this  sport  I  have  given 
some  account  under  the  head  of  rat-catching.  The 
dogs  used  are  all  terriers,  and  are  often  the  property 
of  the  street-sellers.  The  most  accomplished  of 
this  terrier  race  was  the  famous  dog  Billy,  the 
eclipse  of  the  rat  pit.  He  is  now  enshrined — for 
a  stuff"ed  carcase  is  all  that  remains  of  Bill}- — in 
a  case  in  the  possession  of  Charley  Heslop  of 
the  Seven  Bells  behind  St.  Giles's  Church,  with 
whom  Billy  lived  and  died.  His  great  feat  Avas 
that  he  killed  100  rats  in  five  minutes.  I  under- 
stand, however,  that  it  is  still  a  moot  point  in  the 
sporting  world,  whether  Billy  did  or  did  not 
exceed  the  five  minutes  by  a  very  few  seconds.  A 
merely  average  terrier  will  easily  kill  fifty  rats  in 
a  pit  in  eight  minutes,  but  many  far  exceed  such  a 
number.  One  dealer  told  me  that  he  would  back 
a  terrier  bitch  which  did  not  weigh  12  lbs.  to  kill 
100  rats  in  six  minutes.  The  price  of  these  dogs 
ranges  with  that  of  the  bull- terriers. 

The  passion  for  rat-hunting  is  evidently  on  the 
increase,  and  seems  to  have  attained  the  popu- 
larity once  vouchsafed  to  cock-fighting.  There 
are  now  about  seventy  regular  pits  in  London, 
besides  a  few  that  are  nm  up  for  temporary  pur- 
poses. The  landlord  of  a  house  in  the  Borough, 
familiar  with  these  sports,  told  me  that  they 
would  soon  have  to  breed  rats  for  a  sufficient 
supply! 

But  it  is  not  for  the  encounter  with  dogs  alone, 
the  issue  being  that  so  many  rats  shall  be  killed 
in  a  given  time,  that  these  vermin  are  becoming  a 
trade  commodity.  Another  use  for  them  is  an- 
nounced in  the  following  card  : — 

A  FERRET  MATCH. 

A  Rare  Evening's  Sport  for  the  Fancy  will  take  place 
at  the 


STREET.    NEW    ROAD, 


On  Tuesday  Euening  next,  May  27. 


Mr. 


has  backed  his  Ferret  against  Mr.  W.  B 's  Ferret  to 

kill  6  Rats  each,  for  lOj,  a-side. 

He  is  still  open  to  match  his  Ferret  for  £\  to  £5  to  kill 
against  any  other  Ferret  in  London. 


Two  other  Matches  with  Terriers  will  come  qff  the  same 
Evening. 

Matches  take  place  every Evening.    Rats  always 

on  hand  for  the  accommodation  of  Gentlemen  to  try 
their  dogs. 

Under  the  Management  of 

As  a  rat-killer,  a  ferret  is  not  to  be  compared 
to  a  dog ;    but   his  use  is  to  kill  rats  in  holes, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR 


57 


inaccessible  to  dogs,  or  to  drive  the  vermin  out  of 
their  holes  into  some  open  space,  where  they  can 
be  destroyed.  Ferrets  are  worth  from  1/.  to  41. 
They  are  not  animals  of  street-sale. 

The  management  of  these  sports  is  principally 
in  the  hands  of  the  street  dog-sellers,  as  indeed  is 
the  dog-trade  generally.  They  are  the  breeders, 
dealers,  and  sellers.  They  are  compelled,  as  it 
were,  to  exhibit  their  dogs  in  the  streets,  that 
they  may  attract  the  attention  of  the  rich,  who 
would  not  seek  them  in  their  homes  in  the  suburbs. 
The  evening  business  in  rat-hunting,  &c.,  for  such 
it  is  principally,  perhaps  doubles  the  incomes  I 
have  specified  as  earned  merely  by  sireet-sale.  The 
amount  "  turned  over  "  in  the  trade  in  sporting- 
dogs  yearly  in  London,  was  computed  for  me  by 
one  of  the'  traders  at  from  12,000/.  to  15,000/. 
He  could  not,  however,  lay  down  any  very  precise 
statistics,  as  some  bull-dogs,  bull-terriers,  &c.,  were 
bred  by  butchers,  tanners,  publicans,  horse-dealers, 
and  others,  and  disposed  of  privately. 

In  ray  account  of  the  former  condition  of  the 
dog-trade,  I  had  to  dwell  principally  on  the  steal- 
ing and  restoring  of  dogs.  This  is  now  the  least 
part  of  the  subject.  The  alteration  in  the  law, 
consequent  upon  the  parliamentary  inquiry,  soon 
wrought  a  great  change,  especially  the  enactment 
of  the  6th  Sect,  in  the  Act  8  and  9  Vict.  c.  47. 
*'  Any  person  who  shall  corruptly  take  any  money 
or  reward,  directly  or  indirectly,  under  pretence 
or  upon  account  of  aiding  any  person  to  recover 
any  dog  which  shall  have  been  stolen,  or  which 
shall  be  in  the  possession  of  any  person  not  being 
the  owner  thereof,  shall  be  gtiilty  of  a  misdemean- 
our, and  punishable  accordingly." 

There  may  now,  lam  informed,  be  half  a  dozen 
fellows  who  make  a  precarious  living  by  dog-steal- 
ing. These  men  generally  keep  out  of  the  way 
of  the  street  dog-sellers,  who  would  not  scruple, 
they  assure  me,  to  denounce  their  practices,  as 
the  more  security  a  purchaser  feels  in  the  property 
and  possession  of  a  dog,  the  better  it  is  for  the 
regular  business.  One  of  these  dog-stealers,  dressed 
like  a  lime-burner — they  generally  appear  as  me- 
chanics— was  lately  seen  to  attempt  the  enticing 
away  of  a  dog.  Any  idle  good-for-nothing  fel- 
low, slinking  about  the  streets,  would  also,  I 
waa  informed,  seize  any  stray  dog  within  his 
Teach,  and  sell  it  for  any  trifle  he  could  obtain. 
One  dealer  told  me  that  there  might  still  be  a 
little  doing  in  the  "restoring"  way,  and  with 
that  way  of  life  were  still  mixed  up  names  which 
figured  in  the  parliamentary  inquiry,  but  it  was 
a  mere  nothing  to  what  it  was  formerly. 

From  a  man  acquainted  with  the  dog  business 
I  bad  the  following  account.  My  informant  was 
not  at  present  connected  with  the  dog  and  rat 
basinets,  but  he  seemed  to  hare  what  is  called  a 
"  hankering  aft4>r  it."  He  had  been  a  pot-boy  in 
bis  youth,  and  had  assisted  at  the  bar  of  public- 
houses,  and  so  had  acquired  a  taste  for  sporting,  as 
■ome  *'  fancy  coves  "  were  among  the  frequenters 
of  the  tap-room  and  skittle-ground.  lie  had 
tpeenlated  a  little  in  dogs,  which  a  friend  reared, 
and  be  told  to  the  pttblic-hou«e  customers.     "  At 


last  I  went  slap  into  the  dog-trade,"  he  said, 
"  but  I  did  no  good  at  all.  There  's  a  way  to  do 
it,  I  dare  say,  or  perhaps  you  must  wait  to  get 
known,  but  then  you  may  starve  as  you  wait.  I 
tried  Smithfield  first — it 's  a  good  bit  since,  but  I 
can't  say  how  long — and  I  had  a  couple  of  tidy 
little  terriers  that  we'd  bred  ;  I  thought  I  'd  begin 
cheap  to  turn  over  money  quick,  so  I  asked  12s. 
a-piece  for  them.  0,  in  course  they  weren't  a 
werry  pure  sort.  But  I  couldn't  sell  at  all.  If  a 
grazier,  or  a  butcher,  or  anybody  looked  at  them, 
and  asked  their  figure,  they  'd  say,  *  Twelve 
sliil'.ings  !  a  dog  what  ain't  worth  more  nor  12^. 
ain't  worth  a  d n  I '  I  asked  one  gent  a  sove- 
reign, but  there  was  a  lad  near  that  sung  out, 
*  Why,  you  only  axed  125.  a  bit  since ;  ain't  you 
a-coming  itl'  After  that,  I  was  glad  to  get  away. 
I  had  five  dogs  when  I  started,  and  about  11, 8s.  Gd. 
in  money,  and  some  middling  clothes ;  but  my 
money  soon  went,  for  I  could  do  no  business,  and 
there  was  the  rent,  and  then  the  dogs  must  be 
properly  fed,  or  they  'd  soon  show  it.  At  last, 
when  things  grew  uncommon  taper,  I  almost 
grudged  the  poor  things  their  meat  and  their  sop, 
for  they  were  filling  their  bellies,  and  I  was  an 
'ung'ring.  I  got  so  seedy,  too,  that  it  was  no  use 
trying  the  streets,  for  any  one  would  think  I  'd 
stole  the  dogs.  So  I  sold  them  one  by  one.  I 
think  I  got  about  5s.  apiece  for  them,  for  people 
took  their  advantage  on  me.  After  that  I  fasted 
oft  enough.  I  helped  about  the  pits,  and  looked 
out  for  jobs  of  any  kind,  cleaning  knives  and  spit- 
toons at  a  public-house,  and  such-like,  for  a  bite 
and  sup.  And  I  sometimes  got  leave  to  sit  up  all 
night  in  a  stable  or  any  out-house  with  a  live  rat 
trap  that  I  could  always  borrow,  and  catch  rats  to 
sell  to  the  dealers.  If  I  could  get  three  lively  rats 
in  a  night,  it  was  good  work,  for  it  was  as  good  as 
Is.  to  me.  I  sometimes  won  a  pint,  or  a  tanner, 
when  I  could  cover  it,  by  betting  on  a  rat-hnnt 
with  helpers  like  myself — but  it  was  only  a  few 
places  we  were  let  into,  just  where  I  was  known 
— 'cause  I  'm  a  good  judge  of  a  dog,  you  see,  and 
if  I  had  it  to  try  over  again,  I  think  I  could  knock  a 
tidy  living  out  of  dog-selling.  Yes,rdlike  to  try  well 
enough,  but  it's  no  use  trying  if  you  haven't  a 
fairish  bit  of  money.  I  'd  only  myself  to  keep  all  this 
time,  but  that  was  one  too  many.  I  got  leave  to  sleep 
in  hay-lofts,  or  stables,  or  anywhere,  and  I  have 
slept  in  the  park.  I  don't  know  how  many 
months  I  was  living  this  way.  I  got  not  to  mind 
it  much  at  last.  Then  I  got  to  carry  out  the  day 
and  night  beers  for  a  potman  what  had  hurt  his 
foot  and  couldn't  walk  quick  and  long  enough  for 
supplying  his  beer,  as  there  was  five  rounds  every 
day.  He  lent  me  an  apron  and  a  jacket  to  be 
decent.  After  that  I  got  a  potman's  situation. 
No,  I  'm  not  much  in  the  dog  and  rat  line  now, 
and  don't  see  much  of  it,  for  I  've  very  little 
opportunity.  But  I  've  a  very  nice  Scotch  terrier 
to  sell  if  you  should  be  wanting  such  a  thing,  or 
hear  of  any  of  your  friends  wanting  one.  Jt  '$ 
dirt  cheap  at  30*,,  just  about  a  year  old.  Yes,  I 
generally  has  a  dog,  and  swops  and  sella.  Most 
masters  allows  that  in  a  quiet  respectable  way." 


68 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Of  the  Strbet-Sellkrs  of  Live  Birds. 


The  hiidi-sellers  in  the  streets  are  also  the  bird- 
catchers  in  the  fields,  plains,  heaths,  and  woods, 
which  still  surround  the  metropolis ;  and  in  com- 
pliance with  established  precedent  it  may  be 
proper  that  I  should  give  an  account  of  the  catch- 
ing, before  I  proceed  to  any  further  statement  of 
the  procedures  subsequent  thereunto.  The  bird- 
catchers  are  precisely  what  I  have  described  them 
in  my  introductory  remarks.  An  intelligent  man, 
versed  in  every  part  of  the  bird  business,  and  well 
acquainted  with  the  character  of  all  engaged  in  it, 
said  they  might  be  represented  as  of  "  the  fancy," 
in  a  small  way,  and  always  glad  to  run  after,  and 
full  of  admiration  of,  fighting  men.  The  bird- 
catcher's  life  is  one  essentially  vagrant ;  a  few 
gipsies  pursue  it,  and  they  mix  little  in  street- 
trades,  except  as  regards  tinkering;  and  the  mass, 
not  gipsies,  who  become  bird-catchers,  rarely  leave 
it  for  any  other  avocation.  They  "  catch  "  unto 
old  age.  During  last  winter  two  men  died  in  the 
parish  of  Clerkenwell,  both  turned  seventy,  and 
both  bird-catchers — a  profession  they  had  followed 
from  the  age  of  six. 

The  mode  of  catching  I  will  briefly  describe. 
It  is  principally  effected  by  means  of  nets.  A 
bird-net  is  about  twelve  yards  square ;  it  is  spread 
flat  upon  the  ground,  to  which  it  is  secured  by 
four  "  stars,"  These  are  iron  pins,  which  are 
inserted  in  the  field,  and  hold  the  net,  but  so  that 
the  two  "wings,"  or  "flaps,"  which  are  indeed  the 
sides  of  the  nets,  are  not  confined  by  the  stars. 
In  the  middle  of  the  net  is  a  cage  with  a  fine  wire 
roof,  widely  worked,  containing  the  "  call-bird." 
This  bird  is  trained  to  sing  loudly  and  cheerily, 
great  care  being  bestowed  upon  its  tuition,  and 
its  song  attracts  the  wild  birds.  Sometimes  a 
few  stuffed  birds  are  spread  about  the  cage  as  if 
a  flock  were  already  assembling  there.  The  bird- 
catcher  lies  flat  and  motionless  on  the  ground,  20 
or  30  yards  distant  from  the  edge  of  the  net.  As 
soon  as  he  considers  that  a  sufliiciency  of  birds 
have  congregated  around  his  decoy,  he  rapidly 
draws  towards  him  a  line,  called  the  "pull-line," 
of  which  he  has  kept  hold.  This  is  so  loopfd  and 
run  within  the  edges  of  the  net,  that  on  being 
smartly  pulled,  the  two  wings  of  the  net  collapse 
and  fly  together,  the  stars  still  keeping  their  hold, 
and  the  net  encircles  the  cage  of  the  call-bird,  and 
incloses  in  its  folds  all  the  wild  birds  allured 
round  it.  In  fact  it  then  resembles  a  great  cage 
of  net-work.  The  captives  are  secured  in  cages — 
the  call-bird  continuing  to  sing  as  if  in  mockery  of 
their  struggles — or  in  hampers  proper  for  the 
purpose,  which  are  carried  on  the  man's  back  to 
London. 

The  use  of  the  call-bird  as  a  means  of  decoy  is 
very  ancient.  Sometimes — and  more  especially 
in  the  dark,  as  in  the  taking  of  nightingales — the 
bird-catcher  imitates  the  notes  of  the  birds  to  be 
captured.  A  small  instrument  has  also  been  used 
for  the  purpose,  and  to  this  Chaucer,  although 
figuratively,  alludes :  "  So,  the  birde  is  begyled 
with  the  merry  voice  of  the  foulers'  whistel,  when 
it  is  closed  in  your  nette." 


Sometimes,  in  the  pride  of  the  season,  a  bird- 
catcher  engages  a  costermonger's  poney  or  donkey 
cart,  and  perhaps  his  boy,  the  better  to  convey 
the  birds  to  town.  The  net  and  its  apparatus 
cost  1/.  The  call-bird,  if  he  have  a  good  wild 
note — goldfinches  and  linnets  being  principally  bo 
used — is  worth  10s.  at  the  least. 

The  bird-cather's  life  has  many,  and  to  the 
constitution  of  some  minds,  irresistible  charms. 
There  is  the  excitement  of  "sport"  —  not  the 
headlong  excitement  of  the  chase,  where  the  blood 
is  stirred  by  motion  and  exercise — but  slill  sport 
surpassing  that  of  the  angler,  who  plies  his  finest 
art  to  capture  one  fish  at  a  time,  while  the  bird- 
catcher  despises  an  individual  capture,  but  seeks 
to  ensnare  a  flock  at  one  twitch  of  a  line.  There 
is,  moreover,  the  attraction  of  idleness,  at  least  for 
intervals,  and  sometimes  long  intervals — perhaps 
the  great  charm  of  fishing — and  basking  in  the 
lazy  sunshine,  to  watch  the  progress  of  the  snares. 
Birds,  however,  and  more  especially  linnets,  are 
caught  in  the  winter,  when  it  is  not  quite  such 
holiday  work.  A  bird-dealer  (not  a  street-seller) 
told  me  that  the  greatest  number  of  birds  he  had 
ever  heard  of  as  having  been  caught  at  one  pull 
was  nearly  200.  My  informant  happened  to  be 
present  on  the  occasion.  "Pulls"  of  50,  100, 
and  150  are  not  very  unfrequent  when  the  young 
broods  are  all  on  the  wing. 

Of  the  bird-catchers,  including  all  who  reside 
in  Woolwich,  Greenwich,  Hounslow,  Isleworth, 
Barnet,  Uxbridge,  and  places  of  similar  distance, 
all  working  for  the  London  market,  there  are 
about  200.  The  localities  where  these  men 
"  catch,"  are  the  neighbourhoods  of  the  places  I 
have  mentioned  as  their  residences,  and  at  Hollo- 
vi^ay,  Hampstead,  Highgate,  Finchley,  Battersea, 
Blackheath,  Putney,  Mortlake,  Chiswick,  Rich- 
mond, Hampton,  Kingston,  Eltham,  Carshalton, 
Streatham,  the  Tootmgs,  Woodford,  Epping, 
Snaresbrook,  Walthamslow,  Tottenham,  Edmon- 
ton— wherever,  in  fine,  are  open  fields,  plains,  or 
commons  around  the  metropolis. 

I  will  first  enumerate  the  several  birds  sold  in 
the  streets,  as  well  as  the  supply  to  the  shops  by 
the  bird-catchers.  I  have  had  recourse  to  the 
best  sources  of  information.  Of  the  number  of 
birds  which  I  shall  specify  as  "  supplied,"  or 
"  caught,"  it  must  be  remembered  that  a  not-very- 
small  proportion  die  before  they  can  be  trained  to 
song,  or  inured  to  a  cage  life.  I  shall  also  give 
the  street  prices.  All  the  birds  are  caught  by  the 
nets  with  call-birds,  excepting  such  as  I  shall 
notice.     I  take  the  singing  birds  first. 

The  Linnet  is  the  cheapest  and  among  the  most 
numerous  of  what  may  be  called  the  London-caught 
birds,  for  it  is  caught  in  the  nearer  suburbs,  such 
as  Holloway.  The  linnet,  however, — the  brown 
linnet  being  the  species — is  not  easily  reared,  and 
for  some  time  ill  brooks  confinement.  About  one- 
half  of  those  birds  die  after  having  been  caged  a 
few  days.  The  other  evening  a  bird-catcher 
supplied  26  fine  linnets  to  a  shopkeeper  in  Pen- 
tonville,  and  next  morning  ten  were  dead.  But 
in  some  of  those  bird  shops,  and  bird  chambers 
connected  with  the  shops,  the  heat  at  the  time 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


69 


the  new  broods  are  caught  and  caged,  is  ex- 
ccMire;  and  the  atmosphere,  from  the  crowded 
and  compulsory  fellowship  of  pigeons,  and  all 
descriptions  of  small  birds,  with  white  rats, 
hedgehogs,  guinea-pigs,  and  other  creatures,  is 
often  very  foul ;  so  that  the  wonder  is,  not  that 
•0  many  die,  but  that  so  many  survive. 

Some  bird-connoisseurs  prefer  the  note  of  the 
linnet  to  that  of  the  canary,  but  this  is  far  from  a 
general  preference.  The  young  birds  are  sold  in 
the  streets  at  8d.  and  4rf,  each  ;  the  older  birds, 
which  are  accustomed  to  sing  in  their  cages,  from 
1*.  to  2t.  6d.  The  "  catch "  of  linnets — none 
being  imported — may  be  estimated,  for  London 
alone,  at  70,000  yearly.  The  mortality  I  have 
mentioned  is  confined  chiefly  to  that  year's  brood. 
One- tenth  of  the  catch  is  sold  in  the  streets.  Of 
the  quality  of  the  street-sold  birds  I  shall  speak 
hereafter. 

The  Bullfinch,  which  is  bold,  familiar,  docile, 
and  easily  attached,  is  a  favourite  cage-bird  among 
the  Londoners ;  I  speak  of  course  as  regards  the 
body  of  the  people.  It  is  as  readily  sold  in  the 
streets  as  any  other  singing  bird.  Piping  bull- 
finches are  also  a  part  of  street-trade,  but  only  to 
a  small  extent,  and  with  bird-sellers  who  can 
carry  them  from  their  street  pitches,  or  call  on 
their  rounds,  at  places  where  they  are  known,  to 
exhibit  the  powers  of  the  bird.  The  piping  is 
taught  to  these  finches  when  very  young,  and  they 
must  be  brought  up  by  their  tutor,  and  be  familiar 
with  him.  When  little  more  than  two  months 
old,  they  begin  to  whistle,  and  then  their  training 
as  pipers  must  commence.  This  tuition,  among 
professional  bullfinch-trainers,  is  systematic.  They 
have  schools  of  birds,  and  teach  in  bird-classes  of 
firom  four  to  seven  members  in  each,  six  being  a 
frequent  number.  These  classes,  when  their  edu- 
cation commences,  are  kept  unfed  for  a  longer 
time  than  they  have  been  accustomed  to,  and  they 
are  placed  in  a  darkened  room.  The  bird  is  wake- 
ful and  attentive  from  the  want  of  his  food,  and 
the  tune  he  is  to  learn  is  played  several  times  on 
an  instrument  made  for  the  purpose,  and  known 
M  a  bird-organ,  its  notes  resembling  those  of  the 
bnllfinch.  For  an  hour  or  two  the  young  pupils  mope 
silently,  but  they  gradually  begin  to  imitate  the 
notes  of  the  music  played  to  them.  When  one 
commences — and  he  is  looked  upon  as  the  most 
likely  to  make  a  good  piper — the  others  soon 
follow  his  example.  The  light  is  then  admitted 
and  a  portion  of  food,  but  not  a  full  meal,  is  given 
to  the  birds.  Thus,  by  degrees,  by  the  playing 
on  the  bird-organ  (a  fiute  is  sometimes  used),  by 
the  admission  of  light,  which  is  always  agreeable 
to  the  finch,  and  by  the  reward  of  more  and  more, 
and  sometimes  more  relishable  food,  the  pupil 
"  practises  "  the  notes  he  bears  continuously.  The 
birds  are  then  given  into  the  care  of  boys,  who 
attend  to  them  without  intermission  in  a  similar 
way,  their  original  teacher  still  overlooking,  prais- 
ing, or  rating  his  scholars,  till  they  acquire  a 
tone  which  they  pipe  as  long  as  they  live.  It  is 
■aid,  however,  that  only  five  per  cent,  of  the  num- 
ber taught  pipe  in  perfect  harmony.  The  bull- 
finch is  often  pettish  in  his  piping,  and  will  in 


many  instances  not  pipe  at  all,  unless  in  the 
presence  of  some  one  who  feeds  it,  or  to  whom  it 
has  become  attached. 

The  system  of  training  I  have  described  is  that 
practised  by  the  Germans,  who  have  for  many 
years  supplied  this  country  with  the  best  piping 
bulltinches.  Some  of  the  dealers  will  undertake 
to  procure  English-taught  bullfinches  which  will 
pipe  as  well  as  the  foreigners,  but  I  am  told 
that  this  is  a  prejudice,  if  not  a  trick,  of 
trade.  The  mode  of  teaching  in  this  country,  by 
barbers,  weavers,  and  bird-fanciers  generally,  who 
seek  for  a  profit  from  their  pains-taking,  is'  some- 
what similar  to  that  which  I  have  detailed,  but 
with  far  less  elaborateness.  The  price  of  a  piping 
bullfinch  is  about  three  guineas.  These  pipers  are 
also  reared  and  taught  in  Leicestershire  and  Nor- 
folk, and  sent  to  London,  as  are  the  singing  bull- 
finches which  do  not  "  pipe." 

The  bullfinches  netted  near  London  are  caught 
more  numerously  about  Hounslow  than  elsewhere. 
In  hard  winters  they  are  abundant  in  th'e  out- 
skirts of  the  metropolis.  The  yearly  supply, 
including  those  sent  from  Norfolk,  &c.,  is  about 
30,000.  The  bullfinch  is  "hearty  compared  to 
the  linnet,"  I  was  told,  but  of  the  amount  which 
are  the  objects  of  trade,  not  more  than  two-thirds 
live  many  weeks.  The  price  of  a  good  young 
bullfinch  is  2s.  6d.  and  3^.  They  are  often  sold 
in  the  streets  for  Is.  The  hawking  or  street 
trade  comprises  about  a  tenth  of  the  whole. 

The  sale  of  piping  bullfinches  is,  of  course, 
small,  as  only  the  rich  can  aiford  to  buy  them.  A 
dealer  estimated  it  at  about  400  yearly. 

The  Goldfinch  is  also  in  demand  by  street  cus- 
tomers, and  is  a  favourite  from  its  liveliness, 
beauty,  and  sometimes  sagacity.  It  is,  moreover, 
the  longest  lived  of  our  caged  small  birds,  and  will 
frequently  live  to  the  age  of  fifteen  or  sixteen 
years.  A  goldfinch  has  been  known  to  exist 
twenty-three  years  in  a  cage.  Small  birds,  gene- 
rally, rarely  live  more  than  nine  years.  This 
finch  is  also  in  demand  because  it  most  readily  of 
any  bird  pairs  with  the  canary,  the  produce  being 
known  as  a  "mule,"  which,  from  its  prettiness 
and  powers  of  song,  is  often  highly  valued. 

Goldfinches  are  sold  in  the  streets  at  from  6rf. 
to  1*.  each,  and  when  there  is  an  extra  catch,  and 
they  are  nearly  all  caught  about  London,  and  the 
shops  are  fully  stocked,  at  Zd.  and  4rf.  each.  The 
yearly  catch  is  about  the  same  as  that  of  the  linnet, 
or  70,000,  the  mortality  being  perhaps  30  per 
cent.  If  any  one  casts  his  eye  over  the  stock  of 
hopping,  chirping  little  creatures  in  the  window  of 
a  bird-shop,  or  in  the  close  array  of  small  cages 
hung  outside,  or  at  the  stock  of  a  street-seller,  he 
will  be  struck  by  the  preponderating  number  of 
goldfinches.  No  doubt  the  dealer,  like  any  other 
shopkeeper,  dresses  his  window  to  the  best  advan- 
tage, putting  forward  his  smartest  and  prettiest 
birds.  The  demand  for  the  goldfinch,  especially 
among  women,  is  steady  and  regular.  The  street- 
sale  is  a  tenth  of  the  whole. 

The  Chaffinch  is  in  less  request  than  either  of 
its  congeners,  the  bullfinch  or  the  goldfinch,  but 
the  catch  is  about  half  that  of  the  bullfinch,  and 


60 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


with  the  same  rate  of  mortality.  The  prices  are 
also  the  same. 

Greenfinches  (called  (jreen  hirds,  or  sometimes 
green  linnets,  in  the  streets)  are  in  still  smaller 
request  than  are  chaffinches,  and  that  to  about 
one-half.  Even  this  smaller  stock  is  little  sale- 
able, as  the  bird  is  regarded  as  "  only  a  middling 
singer."  They  are  sold  in  the  open  air,  at  2rf.  and 
Zd.  each,  but  a  good  "  green  bird"  is  worth  2s.  6rf. 

Larks  are  of  good  sale  and  regular  supply, 
being  perhaps  more  readily  caught  than  other 
birds,  as  in  winter  they  congregate  in  large 
quantities.  It  may  be  thought,  to  witness  the 
restless  throwing  up  of  the  head  of  the  caged 
sky-lark,  as  if  he  were  longing  for  a  soar  in  the 
air,  that  he  was  very  impaiient  of  restraint.  This 
does  not  appear  to  be  so  much  the  fact,  as  the 
lark  adapts  himself  to  the  poor  confines  of  his 
prison — poor  indeed  for  a  bird  who  soars  higher 
and  longer  than  any  of  his  class — more  rapidly 
than  other  wild  birds,  like  the  linnet,  &c.  The 
mortality  of  larks,  however,  approaches  one-third. 

The  yearly  ''  take"  of  larks  is  60,000.  This  in- 
cludes sky-laiks,  wood-larks,  tit-larks,  and  mud- 
larks. The  sky-lark  is  in  far  better  demand  than 
any  of  the  others  for  his  "stoutness  of  song,"  but 
some  prefer  the  tit-lark,  from  the  very  absence  of 
such  stoutness.  "  Fresh-catched"  larks  are  vended 
in  the  streets  at  6rf.  and  %d.,  but  a  seasoned  bird 
is  worth  Is.  6d.     One-tenth  is  the  street-sale. 

The  larks  for  the  supply  of  fashionable  tables 
are  never  provided  by  the  London  bird-catchers, 
who  catch  only  "  singing  larks,"  for  the  shop  and 
street-traffic.  The  edible  laiks  used  to  be  highly 
esteemed  in  pies,  but  they  are  now  generally 
roasted  for  consumption.  They  are  principally  the 
produce  of  Cambridgeshire,  with  some  from  Bed- 
fordshire, and  are  sent  direct  (killed)  to  Leaden- 
hall-raarket,  where  about  215,000  are  sold  yearly, 
being  nearly  two-thirds  of  the  gross  London  con- 
sumption. 

It  is  only  within  these  twelve  or  fifteen  years 
that  the  London  dealers  have  cared  to  trade  to  any 
extent  in  Nightingales,  but  tiiey  are  now  a  part 
of  the  stock  of  every  bird-shop  of  the  more  flourish- 
ing class.  Before  that  they  were  merely  exceptional 
as  cage-birds.  As  it  is,  the  "  domestication,"  if 
the  word  be  allowable  with  reference  to  the  night- 
ingale, is  but  partial.  Like  all  migratory  birds, 
when  the  season  for  migration  .'ipproaches,  the 
caged  nightingale  shows  symptoms  of  great  un- 
easiness, dashing  himself  against  the  wires  of  his 
cage  or  his  aviary,  and  sometimes  dying  in  a  few 
days.  Many  of  the  nightuigales,  however,  let  the 
season  pass  away  without  showiiig  any  conscious- 
ness that  it  was,  with  the  race  of  birds  to  which 
they  belonged,  one  for  a  change  of  place.  To 
induce  the  nightingale  to  sing  in  the  daylight,  a 
paper  cover  is  often  placed  over  the  cage,  which 
may  be  gradually  and  gradually  withdrawn  until 
it  can  be  dispi-nsed  with.  This  is  to  induce  the 
appearance  of  twilight  or  night.  On  the  subject 
of  this  night-singing,  however,  I  will  cite  a  short 
passage.    . 

"  The  Nightingale  is  usually  supposed  to  with- 
hold bis  notes  till  the  sun  has  set,  and  then  to  be 


I  the  only  songster  left.  This  is,  however,  not 
quite  true,  for  he  sings  in  the  day,  often  as  sweetly 
land  as  powerfully  as  at  night;  but  amidst  the 
'  general  chorus  of  other  singing  birds,  his  efforts 
are  little  noticed.  Neither  is  he  by  any  means 
the  only  feathered  musician  of  the  night.  The 
Wood-lark  will,  to  a  very  late  hour,  pour  forth  its 
rich  notes,  flying  in  circles  round  the  female,  when 
sitting  on  her  nest.  The  Sky-lark,  too,  may 
frequently  be  heard  till  near  midnight  high  in  the 
air,  soaring  as  if  in  the  brightness  of  a  summer's 
morning.  Again  we  have  listened  with  pleasure 
long  alter  dark  to  the  warblings  of  a  Thrush,  and 
been  awakened  at  two  in  the  morning  by  its 
sweet  serenade."  It  appears,  however,  that  this 
night-singing,  as  regards  England,  is  on  fine 
summer  nights  when  the  darkness  is  never  very 
dense.  In  lar  northern  climates  larks  sing  all  ni^ht. 
I  am  inclined  to  believe  that  the  mortality 
among  nightingales,  before  they  are  reconciled  to 
their  new  life,  is  higher  than  that  of  any  other 
bird,  and  much  exceeding  one-half.  The  dealers 
may  be  unwilling  to  admit  this;  but  such  mor- 
tality is,  I  have  been  assured  on  good  authority, 
the  case ;  besides  that,  the  habits  of  the  nightin- 
gale unfit  him  for  a  cage  existence. 

The  capture  of  the  nightingale  is  among  the 
most  difficult  achievements  of  the  profession.  None 
are  caught  nearer  than  Epping,  and  the  ca tellers 
travel  considerable  distances  before  they  have  a 
chance  of  success.  These  birds  are  caught  at  night, 
and  more  often  by  their  captor's  imitation  of  the 
nightingale's  note,  than  with  the  aid  of  the  call- 
bird.  Perhaps  1000  nightingales  are  reared  yearly 
in  London,  of  which  three-fourths  may  be,  more 
or  less,  songsters.  The  inferior  birds  are  sold  at 
about  2s.  each,  the  street-sale  not  reaching  100, 
but  the  birds,  "caged  and  singing,"  are  worth  1^. 
each,  when  of  the  best;  and  IO5.  12s.  and  15s. 
each  when  approaching  the  best.  The  mortality  I 
have  estimated. 

Redbreasts  are  a  portion  of  the  street-sold  birds, 
but  the  catch  is  not  large,  not  exceeding  30U0, 
with  a  mortality  of  about  a  third.  Even  this  num- 
ber, small  as  it  is,  when  compared  with  tlie  numbers 
of  other  singing  birds  sold,  is  got  rid  of  with  diffi- 
culty. There  is  a  popular  feeling  repugnant  to 
the  imprisonment,  or  coercion  in  any  way,  of 
"  a  robin,"  and  this,  no  doubt  has  its  influence  in 
moderating  the  demand,  'ihe  redbreast  is  sold, 
when  young,  both  in  the  shops  and  streets  for  Is., 
when  caged  and  singing,  sometimes  for  \l.  These 
birds  are  considered  to  sing  best  by  candlelight. 
The  street-sale  is  a  fifth,  or  sometimes  a  quarter, 
all  young  birds,  or  with  the  rarest  exceptions. 

The  Thriish,  Throstle,  or  (in  Scottish  poetry) 
Mavis,  is  of  good  sale.  It  is  reared  by  hand,  for 
the  London  market,  in  manj'  of  the  villages  and 
small  towns  at  no  great  distance,  the  nests  being 
robbed  of  the  young,  wherever  tliey  can  be 
found.  The  nestling  food  of  the  infant  thrush 
is  grubs,  worms,  and  snails,  with  an  occasional 
moth  or  butterfly.  On  tiiis  kind  of  diet  the 
young  thrushes  are  reared  until  they  are  old 
enough  for  sale  to  the  shopkeeper,  or  to  any 
private   patron.     Thrushes  are  also   netted,   but 


LOXDON LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


61 


those  reared  by  hand  are  much  the  best,  as  such 
a  rearing  disposes  the  bird  the  more  to  enjoy  his 
cage  life,  as  he  has  never  experienced  the  delights 
of  the  free  hedges  and  thickets.  This  process 
the  catchers  call  "  rising "  from  the  nest.  A 
throstle  thus  "  rose  "  soon  becomes  familiar  with 
his  owner — always  supposing  that  he  be  properly 
fed  and  his  cage  duly  cleaned,  for  all  birds  detest 
dirt — and  among  the  working-men  of  England  no 
bird  is  a  greater  favourite  than  the  thrush  ;  indeed 
few  other  birds  are  held  in  such  liking  by  the 
artisiin  class.  About  a  fourth  of  the  thrushes 
supplied  to  the  metropolitan  traders  have  been 
thus  "  rose,"  and  as  they  must  be  sufficiently  grown 
before  they  will  be  received  by  the  dealers,  the 
mortiility  among  them,  when  once  able  to  feed 
themselves,  in  their  wicker-work  cages,  is  but 
small.  Perhaps  somewhere  about  a  fourth  perish 
in  this  hand-rearing,  and  some  men,  the  aristo- 
crats of  the  trade,  let  a  number  go  when  they 
have  ascertained  that  they  are  hens,  as  these  men 
exert  themselves  to  bring  up  thrushes  to  sing  well, 
and  then  they  command  good  prices.  Uften  enough, 
however,  the  hens  are  sold  cheap  in  the  streets. 
Among  the  catch  supplied  by  netting,  there  is  a 
mortality  of  perhaps  m«re  than  a  third.  The 
whole  take  is  about  35,000.  Of  the  sale  the 
streets  have  a  tenth  proportion.  The  prices  run 
from  2i.  QU.  and  3*.  for  the  "  fresh-caught,"  and 
10*.,  l/.,and  as  much  as  21.  for  a  seasoned  throstle 
in  high  song.  Indeed  I  may  observe  that  for  any 
singing  bird,  which  is  considered  greatly  to  excel 
its  mates,  a  high  price  is  obtainable. 

liUukbirdt  appear  to  be  less  prized  in  London 
than  thrushes,  fur,  though  with  a  melluwer  note, 
the  blackbird  is  not  so  free  a  singer  in  captivity. 
They  are  "rose"  and  netted  in  the  same  manner 
tA  the  thrush,  but  the  supply  is  less  by  one-fifth. 
The  prices,  mortality,  street-sale,  &c.,  are  in  the 
same  ratio. 

The  street-sale  of  Canaries  is  not  large;  not 
so  large,  I  am  assured  by  wen  in  the  trade,  as  it 
was  six  or  seven  years  ago,  more  especially  as  re- 
garded the  higher-priced  birds  of  this  open-air 
traffic.  Canaries  are  now  never  brought  from  the 
group  of  islands,  thirteen  in  number,  situate  in  the 
North  Atlantic  and  near  the  African  coast,  and 
from  which  they  derive  their  name.  To  these 
islands  and  to  these  alone  (as  far  as  is  known  to 
oriiiihologiats)  are  they  indigenous.  The  canary  is 
a  slow  flyer  uud  soon  wearied  ;  this  is  one  reason 
no  doubt  for  its  not  migrating.  This  delightful 
songster  was  first  brought  into  England  in  the 
reign  of  Khaabeth,  at  the  era  when  so  many 
foreign  luxuries  (as  they  were  then  considered, 
and  stigmatised  accordingly)  were  introduced; 
of  these  were  potatoes,  tobacco,  turkeys,  necta- 
rines, and  canaiies.  I  have  seen  no  account  of 
what  was  the  cost  of  a  canary-bird  when  first 
importt^-d,  but  there  is  nu  doubt  that  they  were 
very  dear,  as  they  were  found  only  in  the  abodes 
of  the  wealthy.  This  bird-trade  seems,  more- 
over, to  have  been  so  profitable  to  the  Spaniards, 
then  and  now  the  possessors  of  the  isles,  that  a 
goveniuieiit  order  fur  the  killing  or  setting  at 
liberty  of  all  ben  canaries,  caught  with  the  males, 


was  issued  in  order  that  the  breed  might  be  con- 
fined to  its  native  country ;  a  decree  not  attended 
with  successful  results  as  regards  the  intention  of 
the  then  ruling  powers. 

The  foreign  supply  to  this  country  is  now  prin- 
cipally from  Holland  and  Germany,  where  canaries 
are  reared  in  great  numbers,  with  that  care  which 
the  Dutch  in  especial  bestow  upon  everything  on 
which  money-making  depends,  and  whence  they 
are  sent  or  brought  over  in  the  spring  of  every  year, 
when  from  nine  to  twelve  months  old.  Thirty 
years  ago,  the  Tyrolese  were  the  principal  breeders 
and  purveyors  of  canaries  for  the  London  market. 
From  about  the  era  of  the  peace  of  1814,  on  the 
first  abdication  of  Napoleon,  for  ten  or  twelve 
years  they  brought  over  about  2000  birds  yearly. 
They  travelled  the  whole  way  on  foot,  carrying 
the  birds  in  cages  on  their  backs,  until  they 
reached  whatever  port  in  France  or  the  Nether- 
lands (as  Belgium  then  was)  they  might  be  bound 
for.  The  price  of  a  canary  of  an  average  quality  was 
then  from  6*.  to  8s.  (3c/.,  and  a  fair  proportion 
were  street-sold.  At  that  period,  I  was  told,  the 
principal  open-air  sale  for  canaries  (and  it  is  only 
of  that  I  now  write)  was  in  AYhitechapel  and 
Bethnal-green.  All  who  are  familiar  with  those 
localities  may  smile  to  think  that  the  birds  chirp- 
ing and  singing  in  these  especially  urban  places, 
were  bred  for  such  street-traffic  in  the  valleys  of 
the  Khajtian  Al^^s !  I  presume  that  it  was  the 
greater  rapidity  of  communication,  and  the  conse- 
quent diminished  cost  of  carriage,  between  Eng- 
land, Holland,  and  Germany,  that  caused  the 
Tyrolese  to  abandon  the  trade  as  one  unremune- 
rative — even  to  men  who  will  live  on  bread, 
onions,  and  water. 

I  have,  perhaps,  dwelt  somewhat  at  length  on 
this  portion  of  the  subject,  but  it  is  the  most 
curious  portion  of  all,  for  the  canary  is  the  only 
one  of  all  our  singing-birds  which  is  soldi/  a 
household  thing.  Linnets,  finches,  larks,  night- 
ingales, thrushes,  and  blackbirds,  are  all  free 
denizens  of  the  open  air,  as  well  as  prisoners  in 
our  rooms,  but  the  canary  with  us  is  unknown  in  a 
wild  stale.  "  Though  not  very  handy,"  wrote,  in 
1848,  a  very  observant  naturalist,  the  late  Dr. 
Stanley,  Bishop  of  Norwich,  "canaries  might  pos- 
sibly be  naturalized  in  our  country,  by  putting 
their  eggs  in  the  nests  of  sparrows,  chaffinches, 
or  other  similar  birds.  The  experiment  has  been 
partially  tried  in  Berkshire,  where  a  pvrson  for 
yeara  kept  them  in  an  exposed  aviary  out  of  doors, 
and  where  they  seemed  to  suffer  no  inconvenience 
from  the  severest  weather." 

The  breeaiiig  of  tan.iries  in  this  country  for  the 
London  supply  has  greatly  increased.  Tht-y  are 
bred  in  Leicester  and  Norwich,  weavers  being 
generally  fond  of  birds.  In  London  itself,  also, 
they  are  bred  to  a  greater  extent  than  used  to  be 
the  case,  barbers  being  among  the  moat  assiduous 
rearers  of  the  canary.  A  dealer  who  trades  in 
both  foreign  and  home-bred  birds  thought  that 
the  supply  from  the  country,  and  from  the  Con- 
tinent, was  about  the  tame,  bUOO  to  UOOU  each, 
not  including  what  were  sold  by  the  barberc,  who 
are  regarded  as  "  fanciers,"  not  to  say  interlopers, 


B  8 


62 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


by  the  dealers.  No  species  of  birds  are  ever 
bred  by  the  shop-dealers.  The  price  of  a  brisk 
canary  is  65.  or  65. ;  but  they  are  sold  in  the  streets 
as  low  as  \s.  each,  a  small  cage  worth  Qd.  being 
sometimes  included.  These,  however,  are  hens. 
As  in  the  life  of  a  canary  there  is  no  transition 
from  freedom  to  enthral ment,  for  they  are  in  a 
cage  in  the  egg,  and  all  their  lives  afterwards, 
they  are  subject  to  a  far  lower  rate  of  mortality 
than  other  street-sold  birds.  A  sixteenth  of  the 
number  above  stated  as  forming  the  gross  supply 
are  sold  in  the  streets. 

The  foregoing  enumeration  includes  all  the 
singing-birds  of  street-traffic  and  street-folk's 
supply.  The  trade  I  have  thus  sketched  is  cer- 
tainly one  highly  curious.  We  find  that  there  is 
round  London  a  perfect  belt  of  men,  employed 
from  the  first  blush  of  a  summer's  dawn,  through 
the  heats  of  noon,  in  many  instances  during  the 
night,  and  in  the  chills  of  winter;  and  all  labour- 
ing to  give  to  city-pent  men  of  humble  means  one 
of  the  peculiar  pleasures  of  the  country — the  song 
of  the  birds.  It  must  not  be  supposed  that  I  would 
intimate  that  the  bird-catcher's  life,  as  regards  his 
field  and  wood  pursuits,  is  one  of  hardship.  On 
the  contrarj',  it  seems  to  me  to  be  the  very  one 
which,  perhaps  unsuspected  by  himself,  is  best 
suited  to  his  tastes  and  inclinations.  Nor  can  we 
think  similar  pursuits  partake  much  of  hardship 
when  we  find  independent  men  follow  them  for 
mere  sport,  to  be  rid  of  lassitude. 

But  the  detail  of  the  birds  captured  for  the 
Londoners  by  no  means  ends  here.  I  have  yet 
to  describe  those  which  are  not  songsters,  and  which 
are  a  staple  of  street-traffic  to  a  greater  degree 
than  birds  of  song.  Of  these  my  notice  may  be 
brief. 

The  trade  in  Sparrows  is  almost  exclusively  a 
street-trade  and,  numerically  considered,  not  an 
inconsiderable  one.  They  are  netted  in  quantities 
in  every  open  place  near  London,  and  in  many 
places  in  London.  It  is  common  enough  for  a 
bird-catcher  to  obtain  leave  to  catch  sparrows 
in  a  wood-yard,  a  brick-field,  or  places  where 
is  an  open  space  certain  to  be  frequented  by 
these  bold  and  familiar  birds.  The  sparrows  are 
sold  in  the  streets  generally  at  Id.  each,  some- 
times halfpenny,  and  sometimes  \\d.,  and  for  no 
purpose  of  enjoyment  (as  in  the  case  of  the  cheap 
songbirds),  but  merely  as  playthings  for  children  ; 
in  other  words,  for  creatures  wilfully  or  igno- 
rantly  to  be  tortured.  Strings  are  tied  to  their 
legs  and  so  they  have  a  certain  degree  of  freedom, 
but  when  they  offer  to  fly  away  they  are  checked, 
and  kept  fluttering  in  the  air  as  a  child  will  flutter 
a  kite.  One  man  told  me  that  he  had  sometimes 
sold  as  many  as  200  sparrows  in  the  back  streets 
about  Smithfield  on  a  fine  Sunday.  These  birds 
are  not  kept  in  cages,  and  so  they  can  only  be 
bought  for  a  plaything.  They  oft  enough  escape 
from  their  persecutors. 

But  it  is  not  merely  for  the  sport  of  children 
that  sparrows  are  purveyed,  but  for  that  of  grown 
men,  or — as  Charles  Lamb,  if  I  remember  rightly. 


qualifies  it,  when  he  draws  a  Pentonville  sports- 
man with  a  little  shrubbery  for  his  preserve — for 
grown  cockneys.  The  birds  for  adult  recreation 
are  shot  in  sparrow-matches ;  the  gentleman 
slaughtering  the  most  being,  of  course,  the  hero  of 
a  sparrow  "  hattm."  One  dealer  told  me  that  he 
had  frequently  supplied  dozens  of  sparrows  for 
these  matches,  at  2s.  the  dozen,  but  they  were  re- 
quired to  be  fine  bold  birds  !  One  dealer  thought 
that  during  the  summer  months  there  were  as 
many  sparrows  caught  close  to  and  within  Lon- 
don as  there  were  goldfinches  in  the' less  urban 
districts.  These  birds  are  sold  direct  from  the 
hands  of  the  catcher,  so  that  it  is  less  easy  to 
arrive  at  statistics  than  when  there  is  the"^  in- 
tervention of  dealers  who  know  the  extent  of 
the  trade  carried  on.  I  was  told  by  several,  who 
had  no  desire  to  exaggerate,  that  to  estimate  this 
sparrow-sale  at  10,000  yearly,  sold  to  children 
and  idlers  in  the  streets,  was  too  low,  but  at  that 
estimate,  the  outlay,  at  Id.  a  sparrow,  would 'be 
850^.  The  adult  sportsmen  may  slaughter  half 
that  number  yearly  in  addition.  The  sporting 
sparrows  are  derived  from  the  shopkeepers,  Avho, 
when  they  receive  the  opder,  instruct  the  catchers 
to  go  to  work. 

Starlings  used  to  be  sold  in  very  great  quanti- 
ties in  the  streets,  but  the  trade  is  now  but  the 
shadow  of  its  former  state.  The  starling,  too,  is 
far  less  numerous  than  it  was,  and  has  lost  much 
of  its  popularity.  It  is  now  seldom  seen  in  flocks 
of  more  than  40,  and  it  is  rare  to  see  a  flock  at 
all,  although  these  birds  at  one  period  mustered 
in  congregations  of  hundreds  and  even  thousands. 
Euins,  and  the  roofs  of  ancient  houses  and 
barns — for  they  love  the  old  and  decaying  build- 
ings— were  once  covered  with  them.  The  starling 
was  moreover  the  poor  man's  and  the  peasant's 
parrot.  He  was  taught  to  speak,  and  sometimes 
to  swear.  But  now  the  starling,  save  as  re- 
gards his  own  note,  is  mute.  He  is  seldom  tamed 
or  domesticated  and  taught  tricks.  It  is  true 
starlings  may  be  seen  carried  on  sticks  in  the 
street  as  if  the  tamest  of  the  tame,  but  they  are 
"  braced."  Tapes  are  passed  round  their  bodies, 
and  so  managed  that  the  bird  cannot  escape  from 
the  stick,  while  his  fetters  are  concealed  by  his 
feathers,  the  street-seller  of  course  objecting  to 
allow  his  birds  to  be  handled. 

Starlings  are  caught  chiefly  Ilford  way,  I  was 
told,  and  about  Turnham-green.  Some  are  "rose" 
from  the  nest.  The  price  is  from  %d.  to  2s.  each. 
About  -3000  are  sold  annually,  half  in  the  streets. 
After  having  been  braced,  or  ill-used,  the  starling, 
if  kept  as  a  solitary  bird,  will  often  mope  and 
die. 

Jackdaws  and  Magpies  are  in  less  demand  than 
might  be  expected  from  their  vivacity.  Many  of 
the  other  birds  are  supplied  the  year  round,  but 
daws  and  pies  for  only  about  two  months,  from  the 
middle  of  June  to  the  middle  of  August.  The 
price  is  from  Qd.  to  Is.  and  about  1000  are  thus 
disposed  of,  in  equal  quantities,  one-half  in  the 
streets.  These  birds  are  for  the  most  part  reared 
from  the  nest,  but  little  pains  appear  to  be  taken 
with  them. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


63 


The  Redpoie  is  rather  a  favourite  bird  among 
street-buyers,  especially  where  children  are  al- 
lowed to  choose  birds  from  a  stock.  I  am  told 
that  they  most  frequently  select  a  goldfinch  or  a 
redpoie.  These  birds  are  supplied  for  .ibout  two 
months.  About  800  or  1000  is  the  extent  of  the 
take.  The  mortality  and  prices  are  the  same  as 
with  the  goldfinch,  but  a  goldfinch  in  high  song 
is  worth  twice  as  much  as  the  best  redpoie. 
About  a  third  of  the  sale  of  the  redpoie  is  in  the 
streets. 

There  are  also  150  or  200  Black-caps  sold  an- 
nually in  the  open  air,  at  from  Zd.  to  bd,  each. 

These  are  the  chief  birds,  then,  that  constitute 
the  trade  of  the  streets,  with  the  addition  of  an 
occasional  yellow-hammer,  wren,  jay,  or  even 
cuckoo.  They  also,  with  the  addition  of  pigeons, 
form  the  stock  of  the  bird-shops. 

I  have  shown  the  number  of  birds  caught,  the 
number  which  survive  for  sale,  and  the  cost ;  and, 
as  usual,  under  the  head  of  "  Statistics,"  will  be 
shown  the  whole  annual  expenditure.  This,  how- 
ever, is  but  a  portion  of  the  London  outlay  on 
birds.  There  is,  in  addition,  the  cost  of  their 
cages  and  of  their  daily  food.  The  commonest 
and  smallest  cage  costs  6rf,,  a  frequent  price  being 
1».  A  thrush's  basket-cage  cannot  be  bought, 
imless  rubbish,  under  2^.  M.  I  have  previously 
shown  the  amount  paid  for  the  green  food  of 
birds,  and  for  their  turfs,  &c.,  for  these  are  all 
branches  of  street-commerce.  Of  their  other  food, 
such  as  rape  and  canary-seed,  German  paste, 
chopped  eggs,  biscuit,  &c.,  I  need  but  intimate 
the  extent  by  showing  what  birds  will  consume, 
as  it  is  not  a  portion  of  street-trade. 

A  goldfinch,  it  has  been  proved  by  experimen- 
talising ornithologists,  will  consume  90  grains,  in 
weight,  of  canary-seed  in  24  hours.  A  green- 
finch, for  whose  use  80  grains  of  wheat  were 
weighed  out,  ate  79  of  them  in  24  hours ;  and,  on 
another  occasion  ate,  in  the  same  space  of  time, 
100  grains  of  a  paste  of  eggs  and  flour.  Sixteen 
canaries  consumed  100  grains'  weight  of  food,  each 
bird,  in  24  hours.  The  amount  of  provision  thus 
eaten  was  about  one-sixth  of  the  full  weight  of 
the  bird's  bodv,  or  an  equivalent,  were  a  man  to 
swallow  victuals  in  the  same  proportion,  of  25  Jbs. 
in  24  hours.  I  may  remark,  moreover,  that  the 
destruction  of  caterpillar^,  insects,  worms,  &c., 
by  the  small  birds,  is  enormous,  especially  during 
the  infancy  of  their  nestlings.  A  pair  of  sparrows 
fed  their  brood  3G  times  an  hour  for  14  hours 
of  a  long  spring  day,  and,  it  was  calculated,  ad- 
ministered to  them  in  one  week  3400  caterpillars. 
A  pair  of  chaffinches,  also,  carried  nearly  as  great 
a  number  of  caterpillars  for  the  maintenance  of 
their  young. 

The  singing-birds  sold  in  the  street  are  offered 
either  singly  in  small  cages,  when  the  cage  is 
•old  with  the  bird,  or  they  are  displayed  in 
a  little  flock  in  a  long  cage,  the  buyer  selecting 
any  he  prefers.  They  always  appear  lively  in 
the  streets,  or  indeed  a  sale  would  b«  hopeless, 
for  no  one  would  buy  a  dull  or  sick  bird.  The 
captiret  are  seen  to  hop  and  heard  to  chirp,  but 


they  are  not  often  heard  to  sing  when  thus  offered 
to  the  public,  and  it  requires  some  little  attention 
to  judge  what  is  but  an  impatient  flutter,  and 
what  is  the  fruit  of  mere  hilarity. 

The  places  where  the  street-sellers  more  espe- 
cially offer  their  birds  are — Sraithfield,  Clerken- 
well-green,  Lisson-grove,  the  City  and  New  roads. 
Shepherdess-walk,  Old  Street-road,  Shoreditch' 
Spitalfields,  Whitechapel,  Tower-hill,  Ratcliffe- 
highway,  Commercial-road  East,  Poplar,  Billings- 
gate, Westminster  Broadway,  Covent-garden, 
Blackfriars-road,  Bermondsey  (mostly  about  Dock- 
head),  and  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Borough 
Market.  The  street-sellers  are  also  itinerant, 
carrying  the  birds  in  cages,  holding  them  up  to 
tempt  the  notice  of  people  whom  they  see  at 
the  windows,  or  calling  at  the  houses.  The  sale 
used  to  be  very  considerable  in  the  "Cut"  and 
Lambeth-walk.  Sometimes  the  cages  with  their 
inmates"are  fastened  to  any  contiguous  rail ;  some- 
times they  are  placed  on  a  bench  or  stall ;  and 
occasionally  in  cages  on  the  ground. 

To  say  nothing,  in  this  place,  of  the  rogueries 
of  the  bird-trade,  I  will  proceed  to  show  how  the 
street-sold  birds  are  frequently  inferior  to  those  in 
the  shops.  The  catcher,  as  I  have  stated,  is  also 
the  street-seller.  He  may  reach  the  Dials,  or 
whatever  quarter  the  dealer  he  supplies  may  re- 
side in,  with  perhaps  30  linnets  and  as  many 
goldfinches.  The  dealer  selects  24  of  each,  re- 
fusing the  remaining  dozen,  on  account  of  their 
being  hens,  or  hurt,  or  weakly  birds.  The  man  then 
resorts  to  the  street  to  effect  a  sale  of  that  dozen, 
and  thus  the  streets  have  the  refuse  of  the  shops. 
On  the  other  hand,  however,  when  the  season  is  at 
its  height,  and  the  take  of  birds  is  the  largest,  as 
at  this  time  of  year,  the  shops  are  "  stocked." 
The  cages  and  recesses  are  full,  and  the  dealer's 
anxiety  is  to  sell  before  he  purchases  more  birds. 
The  catchers  proceed  in  their  avocation ;  they 
must  dispose  of  their  stock ;  the  shopkeeper  will 
not  buy  "  at  any  figure,"  and  so  the  streets  are 
again  resorted  to,  and  in  this  way  fine  birds  are 
often  sold  very  cheap.  Both  these  liabilities  pre- 
vail the  year  through,  but  most  in  the  summer, 
and  keep  up  a  sort  of  poise;  but  I  apprehend  that 
the  majority,  perhaps  the  great  majority,  of  the 
street-sold  birds,  are  of  an  inferior  sort,  but  then 
the  price  is  much  lower.  On  occasions  when  the 
bird-trade  is  overdone,  the  catchers  will  sell  a 
few  squirrels,  or  gather  snails  for  the  shops. 

The  buyers  of  singing-birds  are  eminently  the 
working  people,  along  with  the  class  of  trades- 
men whose  means  and  disposition  are  of  the 
same  character  ns  those  of  the  artisan.  Grooms 
and  coachmen  are  frequently  fond  of  birds; 
many  are  kept  in  the  several  mews,  and  often  the 
larger  singing-birds,  such  as  blackbirds  and 
thrushes.  The  fondness  of  a  whole  body  of 
artificers  for  any  particular  bird,  animal,  or  flower, 
is  remarkable.  No  better  instance  need  be  cited 
than  that  of  the  Spitalfields  weavers.  In  the 
days  of  their  prosperity  they  were  the  cultivators 
of  choice  tulips,  afterwards,  though  not  in  so  full  a 
degree,  of  dahlias,  and  their  pigeons  were  the 
best  "fliers"  in  Bngland.      These   things   were 


64 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


accomplished  with  little  cost,  comparatively,  for 
the  weavers  were  engaged  in  tasks,  grateful  and 
natural  to  their  tastes  and  habitudes ;  and  what 
was  expense  in  the  garden  or  aviary  of  the  rich, 
was  an  exercise  of  skill  and  industry  on  the  part 
of  the  silk-weaver.  The  humanising  and  even 
refining  influence  of  such  pursuits  is  very  great, 
and  as  regards  these  pure  pleasures  it  is  not  seldom 
that  the  refinement  which  can  appreciate  tliera  has 
proceeded  not  to  hwi  from  the  artisans.  The  opera- 
tives have  often  been  in  the  van  of  those  who  have 
led  the  public  taste  from  delighting  in  the  cruelty 
and  barbarity  of  bear  and  bull-baiting  and  of 
cock-fighting — among  the  worst  of  all  possible 
schools,  and  very  influential  those  schools  were — 
to  the  delight  in  some  of  the  most  beautiful  works 
of  nature.  It  is  easy  to  picture  the  difference  of 
mood  between  a  man  going  home  from  a  dog-fight 
at  night,  or  going  home  from  a  visit  to  his  flowers, 
or  from  an  examination  to  satisfy  himself  that  his 
birds  were  "  all  right."  The  families  of  the  two 
men  felt  the  difference.  Many  of  the  rich  appear 
to  remain  mere  savages  in  their  tastes  and  sports. 
Battues,  lion  and  hippopotamus  hunting,  &c., — all 
are  mere  civilized  barbarisms.  When  shall  we 
learn,  as  Wordsworth  says, 

"  Never  to  blend  our  pleasure  or  our  pride 
With  sorrow  of  the  meanest  thing  that  feels." 

But  the  change  in  Spitalfields  is  great.  Since 
the  prevalence  of  low  wages  the  weaver's  garden 
has  disappeared,  and  his  pigeon-cote,  even  if  its 
timbers  have  not  rotted  away,  is  no  longer  stocked 
with  carriers,  dragoons,  horsemen,  jacobins,  monks, 
poulters,  turtles,  tumblers,  fantails,  and  the  many 
varieties  of  what  is  in  itself  a  variety — the  fancy- 
pigeon.  A  thrush,  or  a  linnet,  may  still  sing  to 
the  clatter  of  the  loom,  but  that  is  all.  The 
culture  of  the  tulip,  the  dahlia,  and  (sometimes) 
of  the  fuclisia,  was  attended,  as  I  have  said,  with 
small  cost,  still  it  u-as  cost,  and  the  weaver,  as 
wages  grew  lower,  could  not  afford  either  the  out- 
lay or  the  loss  of  time,  Q^o  cultivate  flowers,  or 
rear  doves,  so  as  to  make  them  a  means  of  sub- 
sistence, requires  a  man's  whole  time,  and  to 
such  things  the  Spitalfields  man  did  not  devote  his 
time,  but  his  leisure. 

The  readers  who  have  perused  this  work  from 
its  first  appearance  will  have  noticed  how  fre- 
quently I  have  had  to  comment  on  the  always 
realized  indication  of  good  conduct,  and  of  a 
superior  taste  and  generally  a  superior  intelli- 
gence, when  I  have  found  the  rooms  of  working 
people  contain  flowers  and  birds.  I  could  adduce 
many  instances.  I  have  seen  and  heard  birds  in 
the  rooms  of  tailors,  shoemakers,  coopers,  cabinet- 
makers, hatters,  dressmakers,  curriers,  and  street- 
sellers, — all  people  of  the  best  class.  One  of  the 
most  striking,  indeed,  was  the  room  of  a  street- 
coniectioner.  His  family  attended  to  the  sale  of 
the  sweets,  and  he  was  greatly  occupied  at  home 
in  their  manufacture,  and  worked  away  at  his 
peppermint-rock,  in  the  very  heart  of  one  of  the 
thickliest  populated  parts  of  London,  surrounded 
by  the  song  of  thrushes,  linnets,  and  gold- 
finches, all  kept,  not  for  profit,  but  because  he 
"loved"    to    have    them    about    him.      I   have 


seldom  met  a  man  who  impressed  me  more 
favourably. 

The  flowers  in  the  room  are  more  attributable 
to  the  superintending  taste  of  a  wife  or  daughter, 
and  are  found  in  the  ajjartments  of  the  same  class 
of  people. 

There  is  a  marked  difference  between  the  buyers 
or  keepers  of  birds  and  of  dogs  in  the  working 
classes,  especially  when  the  dog  is  of  a  sporting 
or  "  varmint "  sort.  Such  a  dog-keeper  is  often 
abroad  and  so  his  home  becomes  neglected ;  he  is 
interested  about  rat-hunts,  knows  the  odds  on 
or  against  the  dog's  chance  to  dispatch  his  rats 
in  the  time  allotted,  loses  much  time  and  cus- 
tomers, his  employers  grumbling  that  tlie  work  is 
so  slowly  executed,  and  so  custom  or  work  falls 
off.  The  bird-lover,  on  the  other  hand,  is  gene- 
rally a  more  domestic,  and,  perhaps  consequently, 
a  more  prosperous  and  contented  man.  It  is 
curious  to  mark  the  refining  qualities  of  parti- 
cular trades.  I  do  not  remember  seeing  a  bull- 
dog in  the  possession  of  any  of  the  Spitalfields 
silk-weavers  :  with  them  all  was  flowers  and  birds. 
The  same  I  observed  with  the  tailors  and  other 
kindred  occupations.  With  slaughterers,  however, 
and  drovers,  and  Billingsgatemen,  and  coachmen, 
and  cabmen,  whose  callings  naturally  tend  to 
blunt  the  sympathy  with  suffering,  the  gentler 
tastes  are  comparatively  unknown.  The  dogs  are 
almost  all  of  the  "varmint"  kind,  kept  either  for 
rat-killing,  fighting,  or  else  for  their  ugliness. 
For  "  pet  "  or  "  fancy  "  dogs  they  have  no  feeling, 
and  in  singing  birds  they  find  little  or  no 
delight. 

Of  the  Bibd-Catchers  who  ake  Street- 
Sellers. 
The   street-sellers  of  birds  are  called  by  them- 
selves "hawkers,"  and  sometimes  "bird  hawkers." 

Among  the  bird-catchers  I  did  not  hear  of  any 
very  prominent  characters  at  present,  three  of  the 
best  known  and  most  prominent  having  died 
within  these  ten  months,  I  found  among  all  I 
saw  the  vagrant  characteristics  I  have  mentioned, 
and  often  united  with  a  quietness  of  speech  and 
manner  which  might  surprise  those  who  do  not 
know  that  any  pursuit  which  entails  frequent  si- 
lence, watchfulness,  and  solitude,  forms  such  man- 
ners. Perhaps  the  man  most  talked  of  by  his  fel- 
low-labourers, was  Old  Gilham,  who  died  latel}'. 
Gilhara  was  his  real  name,  for  among  the  bird- 
catchers  there  is  not  that  prevalence  of  nicknames 
which  I  found  among  the  costermongers  and 
patterers.  One  reason  no  doubt  is,  that  these 
bird-folk  do  not  meet  regularly  in  the  markets. 
It  is  rarely,  however,  that  thej'know  each  other's 
surnames.  Old  Grilham  being  an  exception.  It  is 
Old  Tom,  or  Young  Mick,  or  Jack,  or  Dick, 
among  them.     I  heard  of  no  John  or  llichard. 

For  60  years,  almost  without  intermission,  Old 
Gilhaiu  caught  birds.  I  am  assured  that  to  stJite 
that  his  "  catch"  during  this  long  period  averaged 
100  a  week,  hens  included,  is  within  the  mark, 
for  he  was  a  most  indefatigable  man ;  even  at  that 
computiition,  however,  he  would  have  been  the 
captor,  in  his  lifetime,  of  three  hundred  and  twelve 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR, 


65 


thousand  birds  !  A  bird-catcher  who  used  some- 
times to  start  in  the  morning  with  Old  Gilham, 
and  walk  with  him  until  their  roads  diverged,  told 
me  that  of  late  years  the  old  man's  talk  was  a 
good  deal  of  where  he  had  captured  his  birds  in 
the  old  times  :  *  Why,  Ned,'  he  would  say  to  me, 
proceeded  his  companion,  'I  've  catched  gold- 
finches in  lots  at  Chalk  Farm,  and  all  where 
there 's  that  railway  smoke  and  noise  just  by  the 
hill  (Primrose  Hill).  I  can't  think  where  they  '11 
drite  all  the  birds  to  by  and  bye.  I  dare  say 
the  hrst  time  the  birds  saw  a  railway  with  its 
smoke,  and  noisa  to  frighten  them,  and  all  the 
fire  too,  they  just  thought  it  was  the  devil  was 
come.'  He  wasn't  a  fool,  wasn't  old  Gilham,  sir. 
'  Why,'  he  'd  go  on  for  to  say,  '  I  've  laid  many  a 
day  at  Ball's  Pond  there,  where  it 's  nothing  but 
a  lot  of  houses  now,  and  catched  himdreds  of 
birds.  And  I  've  catched  them  where  there  's  all 
them  grand  squares  Pimlico  way,  and  in  Britannia 
Fields,  and  at  White  Condic.  What  with  all 
these  buildings,  and  them  barbers,  I  don't  know 
what  the  bird-trade  '11  come  to.  It 's  hard  for  a 
poor  man  to  have  to  go  to  Finchley  for  birds  that 
he  could  have  catched  at  HoUoway  once,  but 
people  never  thinks  of  that  When  I  were  young 
I  could  make  three  times  as  much  as  I  do  now. 
I  've  got  a  pound  for  a  good  sound  chaffinch  as  I 
brought  up  myself.'  Ah,  poor  old  Gilham,  sir ; 
I  wish  you  could  have  seen  him,  he  'd  have  told 
you  of  some  queer  changes  in  his  time." 

A  shopkeeper  informed  me  that  a  bird-catcher 
had  talked  to  him  of  even  "  queerer  "  changes.  This 
man  died  eight  or  ten  years  ago  at  an  advanced 
age,  but  beyond  the  fact  of  his  oflFering  birds  oc- 
casionally at  my  informant's  shop,  where  he  was 
known  merely  as  "  the  old  man,"  he  could  tell 
me  nothing  of  the  ancient  bird-catcher,  except  that 
he  was  very  fond  of  a  talk,  and  used  to  tell  how 
he  had  catched  birds  between  fifty  and  sixty  years, 
and  had  often,  when  a  lad,  catched  them  where 
many  a  dock  in  London  now  stands.  "  Where 
there '»  many  a  big  ship  now  in  deep  water,  I  've 
catched  flocks  of  birds.  I  never  catched  birds 
to  be  sure  at  them  docks,"  he  would  add,  "  as  was 
dug  out  of  the  houses.  Why,  master,  you  '11  re- 
member their  pulling  down  St.  Katherine's  Church, 
and  all  them  rummy  streets  the  t'other  side  of  the 
Tower,  for  a  dock."  As  I  find  that  the  first  dock 
constructed  on  the  north  side  of  the  Thames, 
the  West  India  dock,  was  not  commenced  until 
the  year  1800,  there  seems  no  reason  to  dis- 
credit the  bird-catcher's  statement.  Among 
other  classes  of  street-sellers  I  have  had  to  remark 
the  little  observation  they  extended  to  the  changes 
all  around,  such  as  the  extension  of  street- traffic 
to  miles  and  miles  of  suburbs,  unknown  till  re- 
cently. Two  thousand  miles  of  houses  have  been 
boilt  in  London  within  the  last  20  years.  But 
with  the  bird-catchers  this  want  of  observance  is 
not  so  marked.  Of  necessity  thoy  must  notice 
the  changes  which  have  added  to  the  fatigues  and 
difficulties  of  their  calling,  by  compelling  them, 
liteimlly,  to  "  go  further  a-held." 

A  young  man,  rather  tall,  and  evidently  active, 
but  very  thin,  gave  me  the  following  account   His 


manners  were  quiet  and  his  voice  low.  His  dress 
could  not  so  well  be  called  mean  as  hard  worn, 
with  the  unmistakable  look  of  much  of  the  attire 
of  his  class,  that  it  was  not  made  for  the  wearer ; 
his  surtout,  for  instance,  which  was  fastened  in 
front  by  two  buttons,  reached  down  to  his  ancles, 
and  could  have  inclosed  a  bigger  man.  He  resided 
in  St.  Luke's,  in  which  parish  there  are  more  bird- 
catchers  living  than  in  any  other.  The  furniture 
of  his  room  was  very  simple.  A  heavy  old  sofa, 
in  the  well  of  which  was  a  bed,  a  table,  two  chairs, 
a  fender,  a  small  closet  containing  a  few  pots  and 
tins,  and  some  twenty  empty  bird-cages  of  different 
sizes  hung  against  the  walla.  In  a  sort  of  wooden 
loft,  which  had  originally  been  constructed,  he 
believed,  for  the  breeding  of  fancy-pigeons,  and 
which  was  erected  on  the  roof,  were  about  a  dozen 
or  two  of  cages,  some  old  and  broken,  and  in 
them  a  few  live  goldfinches,  which  hopped  about 
very  merrily.  They  were  all  this  year's  birds, 
and  my  informant,  who  had  "a  little  connec- 
tion of  his  own,"  was  rearing  them  in  hopes 
they  would  turn  out  good  specs,  quite  "  birds 
beyond  the  run  of  the  streets."  The  place  and 
the  cages,  each  bird  having  its  own  little  cage, 
were  very  clean,  but  at  the  time  of  my  visit 
the  loft  was  exceedingly  hot,  as  the  day  was  one 
of  the  sultriest.  Lest  this  heat  should  prove  too 
great  for  the  finches,  the  timbers  on  all  sides  were 
well  wetted  and  re-wetted  at  intervals,  for  about 
an  hour  at  noon,  at  which  time  only  was  the  sun 
full  on  the  loft. 

"  I  shall  soon  liave  more  birds,  sir,"  he  said, 
"  but  you  see  I  only  put  aside  here  such  as  are 
the  very  best  of  the  take ;  all  cocks,  of  course.  0, 
I  've  been  in  the  trade  all  my  life ;  I  've  had  a 
turn  at  other  things,  certainly,  but  this  life  suits 
me  best,  I  think,  because  I  have  my  health  best 
in  it.  My  father — he  's  been  dead  a  goodish  bit 
— was  a  bird-catcher  as  well,  and  he  used  to  take 
me  out  with  him  as  soon  as  I  was  strong  enough  ; 
when  I  was  about  ten,  I  suppose.  I  don't  re- 
member my  mother.  Father  was  brought  up  to 
brick-making.  I  believe  that  most  of  the  bird- 
catchers  that  have  been  trades,  and  that 's  not 
half  a  quarter  perhaps,  were  brick-makers,  or 
something  that  way.  Well,  I  don't  know  the 
reason.  The  brick-making  was,  in  my  father's 
young  days,  carried  on  more  in  the  country,  and 
the  bird-catchers  used  to  fall  in  with  the  brick- 
makers,  and  so  perhaps  that  led  to  it.  I  've  heard 
my  father  tell  of  an  old  soldier  that  had  been  dis- 
charged with  a  pension  being  the  luckiest  bird- 
catcher  he  knowed.  The  soldier  was  a  catcher  be- 
fore he  first  listed,  and  he  listed  drunk.  I  once 
— yes,  sir,  I  dare  say  that's  fifteen  year  back,  for  I 
was  quite  a  lad — walked  with  my  father  and  cap- 
tain" (the  pensioner's  sobriquet)  "till  they  parted 
for  work,  and  I  remember  very  well  I  heard  him  tell 
how,  when  on  march  in  Portingal — I  think  that  '■ 
what  he  called  it,  but  it 's  in  foreign  parU — be  saw 
flocks  of  birds;  he  wished  he  could  be  after  catch* 
ing  them,  for  he  was  well  tired  of  sogering.  I  wa« 
sent  to  school  twice  or  thrico,  and  can  read  a  little 
and  write  a  little;  and  I  should  like  reading  better 
if  I  could  manage  it  better.   I  read  a  penny  number, 


66 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


or  the  'police'  in  a  newspaper,  now  and  then,  but 
very  seldom.  But  on  a  fine  day  I  luxted  being  at 
school.  I  wanted  to  be  at  work,  to  make  some- 
thing at  bird-catching.  If  a  boy  can  make  money, 
why  shouldn't  he  1  And  if  I  'd  had  a  net,  or 
cage,  and  a  mule  of  my  own,  then,  I  thought,  I 
could  make  money."  [I  may  observe  that  the 
mule  longed  for  by  my  informant  was  a  "cross" 
between  two  birds,  and  was  wanted  for 
the  decoy.  Some  bird-catchers  contend  tliat  a 
mule  makes  the  best  call-bird  of  any ;  others 
that  the  natural  note  of  a  linnet,  for  instance, 
was  more  alluring  than  the  song  of  a  mule  be- 
tween a  linnet  and  a  goldfinch.  One  birdman 
told  me  that  the  excellence  of  a  mule  was,  that 
it  had  been  bred  and  taught  by  its  master,  had 
never  been  at  large,  and  was  '"'  better  to  manage  ;" 
it  was  bolder,  too,  in  a  cage,  and  its  notes  were 
often  loud  and  ringing,  and  might  be  heard  to  a 
considerable  distance.] 

"  1  couldn't  stick  to  school,  sir,"  my  informant 
continued,  "and  I  don't  know  why,  lest  it  be  that 
one  man 's  best  suited  for  one  business,  and  another 
for  another.  That  may  be  seen  every  day.  I  was 
sent  on  trial  to  a  shoemaker,  and  after  tl)at  to  a 
roperaakcr,  for  father  didn't  seem  to  like  my 
growing  up  and  being  a  bird-catcher,  like  he  was. 
But  I  never  felt  well,  and  knew  I  should  never  be 
any  great  hand  at  them  trades,  and  so  when  my 
poor  father  went  off  rather  sudden,  I  took  to  the 
catching  at  once  and  had  all  his  traps.  Perhaps, 
but  I  can't  say  to  a  niceness,  that  was  eleven 
year  back.  Do  I  like  the  business,  do  you  say, 
sir  ?  Well,  I  'm  forced  to  like  it,  for  I  've  no 
other  to  live  by."  [The  reader  will  have  remarked 
how  this  man  attributed  the  course  he  pursued, 
evidently  from  natural  inclination,  to  its  being 
the  best  and  most  healthful  means  of  subsist- 
ence in  his  power.]  "  Last  Monday,  for  my 
dealers  like  birds  on  a  Monday  or  Tuesday 
best,  and  then  they  've  the  week  before  them, — I 
went  to  catch  in  the  fields  this  side  of  Barnet,  and 
started  before  two  in  the  morning,  when  it  was 
neither  light  nor  dark.  You  nm-st  get  to  your 
place  before  daylight  to  be  ready  for  the  first 
Hight,  and  have  time  to  lay  your  net  properly. 
"VN'hen  I 'd  done  that,  I  lay  down  and  smoked. 
No,  smoke  don't  scare  the  birds  ;  I  think  they  're 
rather  drawn  to  notice  anything  new,  if  all 's  quite 
quiet.  Well,  the  first  pull  I  had  about  90  birds, 
nearlj'  all  linnets.  There  was,  as  well  as  I  can 
remember,  three  hedge-sparrows  among  them,  and 
two  larks,  and  one  or  two  other  birds.  Yes, 
there  's  always  a  terrible  flutter  and  row  when 
you  make  a  catch,  and  often  regular  fights  in  the 
net.  I  tiien  sorted  my  birds,  and  let  the  hens  go, 
for  I  didn't  want  to  be  bothered  with  them.  I 
might  let  such  a  thing  as  35  hens  go  out  of  rather 
more  than  an  80  take,  for  I  've  always  found, 
in  catching  young  broods,  that  I  've  drawn  more 
cocks  than  hens.  How  do  I  know  the  diflference 
when  the  birds  are  so  young?  As  easy  as  light 
from  dark.  You  must  lift  up  the  wing,  quite 
tender,  and  you  '11  find  that  a  cock  linnet  has 
black,  or  nearly  black,  feathers  on  his  shoulder, 
where  the  hens  are  a  deal  lighter.     Then  tlie  cock 


has  a  broader  and  whiter  stripe  on  tlie  wing  than 
the  hen  has.  It 's  quite  easy  to  distinguish,  quite. 
A  cock  goldfinch  is  straighter  and  more  larger  in 
general  than  a  hen,  and  has  a  broader  white  on 
his  wing,  as  the  cock  linnet  has  ;  he  's  blackjround 
the  beak  and  the  eye  too,  and  a  hen  's  greenish 
thereabouts.  There 's  some  gray-pates  (young 
birds)  would  deceive  any  one  until  he  opens  their 
wings.  Well,  I  went  on,  sir,  until  about  one 
o'clock,  or  a  little  after,  as  well  as  I  could  tell  from 
the  sun,  and  then  came  away  with  about  100 
singing  birds.  I  sold  them  in  the  lump  to  three 
shopkeepers  at  2s.  ^d.  and  2s.  6d.  the  doxen. 
That  was  a  good  day,  sir;  a  very  lucky  day.  I 
got  about  17s.,  the  best  I  ever  did  but  once,  when 
I  made  19s.  in  a  day. 

"  Yes,  it 's  hard  work  is  mine,  because  there  'g 
such  a  long  walking  home  when  you  've  done 
catching.  0,  Avheu  you  're  at  work  it 's  not  work 
but  almost  a  pleasure.  I  've  laid  for  hours  though, 
without  a  catch.  I  smoke  to  pass  the  time  when 
I  'm  watching ;  sometimes  I  read  a  bit  if  I  've 
had  anything  to  take  with  me  to  read ;  then  at 
other  times  I  thinks.  If  you  don't  get  a  catch 
for  hours,  it 's  only  like  an  angler  without  a  nib- 
ble. 0, 1  don't  know  what  I  think  about ;  about 
nothing,  perhaps.  Yes,  I  've  had  a  friend  or  two 
go  out  catching  with  me  just  for  the  amusement. 
They  must  lie  about  and  wait  as  I  do.  We  have 
a  little  talk  of  course  :  well,  perhaps  about  sport- 
ing ;  no,  not  horse-racing,  I  care  nothing  for  that, 
but  it 's  hardly  business  taking  any  one  with  you. 
I  supply  the  dealers  and  hawk  as  well.  Perhaps 
I  make  12s.  a  week  the  lyear  through.  Some 
weeks  I  've  made  between  3^.  and  4.L,  and  in 
winter,  when  there  's  rain  every  day,  perhaps  I 
haven't  cleared  a  penny  in  a  fortnight.  That's 
the  worst  of  it.  But  I  make  more  than  others 
because  I  have  a  connection  and  raise  good  birds. 

"  Sometimes  I  'm  stopped  by  the  farmers  when 
I  'm  at  work,  but  not  often,  though  there  is  some 
of  'era  very  obstinate.  It 's  no  use,  for  if  a  catch- 
er's net  has  to  be  taken  from  one  part  of  a  farm, 
after  he  's  had  the  trouble  of  laying  it,  why  it  must 
be  laid  in  another  part.  Some  country  people  likes 
to  have  their  birds  cutched." 

My  informant  supplied  shopkeepers  and 
hawked  his  birds  in  the  streets  and  to  the  houses. 
He  had  a  connection,  he  said,  and  could  generally 
get  through  them,  but  he  had  sometimes  put  a 
bird  or  two  in  a  fancy  house.  These  are  the  pub- 
lic-houses resorted  to  by  "  the  fancy,"  in  some  of 
which  may  be  seen  two  or  three  dozen  singing- 
birds  for  sale  on  commission,  through  the  agency 
of  the  landlord  or  the  waiter.  They  are  the  pro- 
perty of  hawkers  or  dealers,  and  must  be  good 
birds,  or  they  will  not  be  admitted. 

The  number  of  birds  caught,  and  the  propor- 
tion sold  in  the  streets,  I  have  already  stated. 
The  number  of  bird-catchers,  I  may  repeat,  is 
about  the  same  as  that  of  street  bird-sellers,  200. 

Of  the  Crippled  Street  Bird-Seller. 
From  the  bird-seller  whose  portrait  will  be  given 
in  the  next  number  of  this  work  I  have   received 
the  following  account.     The  statement  [^previously 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


67 


given  was  that  of  a  catcher  and  street-seller,  as 
are  the  great  majority  in  the  trade ;  the  following 
narrative  is  that  of  one  who,  from  his  infirmities, 
is  merely  a  8treet-»e//«*. 

The  poor  man's  deformity  may  be  best  under- 
stood by  describing  it  in  his  own  words  :  "  I 
have  no  ancle."  His  right  leg  is  emaciated,  the 
bone  is  smaller  than  that  of  his  other  leg  (which 
is  not  deformed),  and  there  is  no  ancle  joint. 
The  joints  of  the  wrists  and  shoulders  are  also 
defective,  though  not  utterly  wanting,  as  in  the 
ancle.  In  walking  this  poor  cripple  seems  to 
advance  by  means  of  a  series  of  jerks.  He  uses 
his  deformed  leg,  but  must  tread,  or  rather  support 
his  body,  on  the  ball  of  the  misformed  foot, 
while  he  advances  his  sound  leg ;  then,  with  a 
twist  of  his  body,  after  he  has  advanced  and 
stands  upon  his  undeformed  leg  and  foot,  he 
throws  forward  the  crippled  part  of  his  frame 
by  the  jerk  I  have  spoken  of.  His  arms  are 
usually  pressed  against  his  ribs  as  he  walks, 
and  convey  to  a  spectator  the  notion  tliat  he  is 
unable  to  raise  them  from  that  position.  This, 
however,  is  not  the  case ;  he  can  raise  them,  not 
as  a  sound  man  does,  but  with  an  effort  and  a 
contortion  of  his  body  to  humour  the  effort.  His 
speech  is  also  defective,  his  words  being  brought 
out,  as  it  were,  by  jerks ;  he  has  to  prepare  him- 
self, and  to  throw  up  his  chin,  in  order  to  con- 
verse, and  then  he  speaks  with  difficulty.  His 
face  is  sun-burnt  and  healthy-lookinir.  His  dress 
was  a  fustian  coat  with  full  skirts,  cloth  trowsers 
somewhat  patched,  and  a  clean  coarse  shirt.  His 
right  shoe  was  suited  to  his  deformity,  and  was 
strapped  with  a  sort  of  leather  belt  round  the 
lower  part  of  the  leg. 

A  considerable  number  of  book-stall  keepers, 
as  well  as  costermongers,  swag-barrowmen,  ginger- 
beer  and  lemonade  sellers,  orange-women,  sweet- 
fluff  vendors,  root-sellers,  and  others,  have  esta- 
blished their  pitches — souie  of  them  having  stalls 
with  a  cover,  like  a  roof — from  Whitt-chapel  work- 
bouse  to  the  Mile  End  turnpike-gale;  near  the 
gate  they  are  congregated  most  thickly,  and  there 
they  are  mixed  with  persons  seated  on  the  forms 
belonging  to  adjacent  innkeepers,  whicli  are  placed 
there  to  allow  any  one  to  have  his  beer  and 
tobacco  in  the  open  air.  Among  these  street- 
sellers  and  beer-drinkers  is  seated  the  crippled 
bird  seller,  generally  motionless. 

His  home  is  near  the  Jews'  burial-ground,  and 
in  one  of  the  many  '•  places''  which  by  a  mis- 
nomer, occasiontfd  by  the  change  tn  the  character 
and  appearance  of  what  xttre  the  outskirts,  are 
still  called  "  Pleasant."  On  seeking  him  here,  I 
had  S4)nie  little  diflicnity  in  finding  (he  house,  and 
asking  a  string  nf  men,  who  wtre  chopping  fire* 
wood  in  an  adjoining  court,  for  the  man  I  wanted, 
mentioning  bis  name,  no  one  knew  anything 
about  him  ;  though  when  I  spoke  of  his  calling, 
"  O, '  they  said,  "  you  want  Old  Billy."  I  then 
found  Billy  at  his  accustomed  pitch,  with  a  very 
small  stock  of  birds  in  two  large  cages  on  the 
ground  beside  him,  and  he  accompanied  me  to  his 
residencf.  The  room  in  which  we  rat  had  a  pile 
of  fire>wood  opposite  the  door ;   the  iron  of  the 


upper  part  of  the  door-latch  being  wanting  was 
replaced  by  a  piece  of  wood — and  on  the  pHe  sat 
a  tame  jackdaw,  with  the  inquisitive  and  askant 
look  peculiar  to  the  bird.  Above  the  pile  was  a 
large  cage,  containing  a  jjiy — a  bird  seldom  sold 
in  the  streets  now — and  a  thrush,  in  different 
compartments.  A  table,  three  chairs,  and  a  ham- 
per or  two  used  in  the  wood-cutting,  completed 
the  furniture.  Outside  the  house  were  cages  con- 
taining larks,  goldfinches,  and  a  very  fine  sUirling, 
of  whose  promising  abilities  the  bird-seller's  sister 
had  so  favourable  an  opinion  that  she  intended  to 
try  and  teach  it  to  talk,  although  that  was  very 
seldom  done  now. 

The  following  is  the  st'itement  I  obtained  from 
the  poor  fellow.  The  man's  sister  was  present  at 
his  desire,  as  he  was  afraid  I  could  not  undersutnd 
him,  owing  to  the  indistinctness  of  his  speech  ; 
but  that  was  easy  enough,  after  awhile,  with  a 
little  patience  and  attention. 

"  I  was  born  a  cripple,  sir,"  he  said,  "  and  I 
shall  die  one.  I  was  burn  at  Lewisham,  but  I 
don't  remember  living  in  any  place  but  London. 
I  remember  being  at  Stroud  though,  where  my 
father  had  taken  me,  and  bathed  me  often  in  the 
sea  himself,  thinking  it  ni'ght  do  me  good.  I  've 
heard  him  say,  too,  that  when  I  was  very  young 
he  took  me  to  almost  every  ho.«pital  in  London, 
but  it  was  of  no  use.  My  father  and  mother 
were  as  kind  to  me  and  as  good  parents  as  could 
be.  He 's  been  dead  nineteen  years,  and  my 
mother  died  before  him.  Father  was  very  poor, 
almost  as  poor  as  I  am.  He  worked  in  a  brick- 
field, but  work  weren't  regular.  I  couldn't  walk 
at  all  until  I  was  six  years  old,  and  I  was  between 
nine  and  ten  before  I  could  get  up  and  down 
stairs  by  myself.  I  used  to  slide  down  before,  as 
well  as  I  could,  and  had  to  be  carried  up.  "When 
I  could  get  about  and  went  among  other  boys,  I 
was  in  great  distress,  I  was  teased  so.  Life  was 
a  burthen  to  me,  as  I  've  read  something  about. 
They  u.sed  to  taunt  me  by  offering  to  jump  uie"  (in- 
vite him  to  a  jumping  match),  "  and  to  say,  I  '11  run 
you  a  race  on  one  leg.  They  were  bad  to  me  then, 
and  they  are  now.  I  've  sometimes  tat  down  and 
cried,  but  not  often.  No,  sir,  I  can't  say  that  1  ever 
wished  I  was  dead.  I  hardly  know  why  I  cried. 
I  suppose  bec.iu^^e  I  was  miserable.  I  learned  to 
read  at  a  Sunday  school,  where  I  went  a  long  time. 
I  like  reading.  I  read  the  Bil)le  and  tracts,  no- 
thing else;  never  u  new.«paper.  It  don't  come  in 
my  way,  and  if  it  did  I  sh.iuldn'i  look  at  it,  lor  I 
can't  lead  over  weL  and  it's  nothing  to  m>  wiio  's 
king  or  who  '»  queen.  It  am  never  have  anyiliiiig 
to  do  with  nie.  It  don't  take  my  attention. 
There'll  be  no  ciiange  for  me  in  this  world.  When 
I  was  thirteen  my  father  put  me  into  the  bird 
trade.  He  knew  a  good  many  cauhers.  1  've  been 
bird-selling  in  the  streets  for  six-and-twenty  years 
and  more,  for  I  was  39  the  24th  of  last  January. 
Father  didn't  know  what  better  he  could  put  me 
to,  as  I  hadn't  the  right  u.ie  of  my  hands  or  feet, 
and  at  first  I  did  very  well.  I  liked  the  birds 
and  do  still.  I  used  to  think  at  first  that  they 
was  like  me  ;  they  was  prisoners,  and  1  was  a 
cripple.     At   first    I    sold   birds   in    Poplar,  and 


6S 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Limehouse,  and  Blackwall,  and  was  a  help  to  my 
parents,  for  I  cleared  95.  or  10s.  every  week.  But 
now,  oh  dear,  I  don't  know  where  all  the  money 's 
gone  to.  I  think  there  'b  very  little  left  in  the 
country.  I  've  sold  larks,  linnets,  and  goldfinches, 
to  captains  of  ships  to  take  to  the  West  Indies. 
I  've  sold  them,  too,  to  go  to  Port  Philip.  0,  and 
almost  all  those  foreign  parts.  They  bring  foreign 
birds  here,  and  take  back  London  birds.  I  don't 
know  anything  about  foreign  birds.  I  know 
there  's  men  dressed  as  sailors  going  about  selling 
them ;  they  're  duffers — I  mean  the  men.  There  's 
a  neighbour  of  mine,  that 's  very  likely  nevef  been 
20  miles  out  of  London,  and  when  he  hawks 
birds  he  always  dresses  like  a  countryman,  and 
duffs  that  way. 

"  When  my  father  died,"  continued  the  man, 
"I  was  completely  upset;  everything  in  the  world 
was  upset.  I  was  forced  to  go  into  the  workhouse, 
and  I  was  there  between  four  and  five  months. 
0,  I  hated  it.  I  'd  rather  live  on  a  penny  loaf  a 
day  than  be  in  it  again.  I  'ye  never  been  near 
the  parish  since,  though  I  've  often  had  nothing  to 
eat  many  a  day.  I  'd.  rather  be  lamer  than  I  am, 
and  be  oftener  called  silly  Billy — and  that  some- 
times makes  me  dreadful  wild — than  be  in  the 
workhouse.  It  was  starvation,  but  then  I  know 
I  'm  a  hearty  eater,  very  hearty.  Just  now  I 
know  I  could  eat  a  shilling  plate  of  meat,  but  for 
all  that  I  very  seldom  taste  meat.  I  live  on  bread 
and  butter  and  tea,  sometimes  bread  without 
butter.  When  I  have  it  I  eat  a  quartern  loaf  at 
three  meals.  It  depends  upon  how  I  'm  off.  My 
health  's  good.  I  never  feel  in  any  pain  now  ;  I 
did  when  I  first  got  to  walk,  in  great  pain.  Beer 
I  often  don't  taste  once  in  two  or  three  months, 
and  this  very  hot  weather  one  can't  help  longing 
for  a  drop,  when  you  see  people  drinking  it  all 
sides  of  you,  but  they  have  the  use  of  their  limbs." 
[Here  two  little  girls  and  a  boy  rushed  into  the 
room,  for  they  had  but  to  open  the  door  from  the 
outside,  and,  evidently  to  tease  the  poor  fellow, 
loudly  demanded  "  a  ha'penny  bird."  When  the 
sister  bad  driven  them  away,  my  informant  con- 
tinued.] "  I  'm  still  greatly  teased,  sir,  with 
children ;  yes,  and  with  men  too,  both  when 
they  're  drunk  and  sober.  I  think  grown  persons 
are  the  worst.  They  swear  and  use  bad  language 
to  me.  I  'm  sure  I  don  't  know  why.  I  know 
no  name  they  call  me  by  in  particular  when  I  'm 
teased,  if  it  isn't  *  Old  Hypocrite.'  I  can  't  say 
why  they  call  me  *  hypocrite.'  I  suppose  because 
they  know  no  better.  Yes,  I  think  I  'm  religious, 
rather.  I  would  be  more  so,  if  I  had  clothes.  I 
get  to  chapel  sometimes."  [A  resident  near  the 
bird-seller's  pitch,  with  whom  I  had  some  conver- 
sation, told  me  of  "Billy"  being  sometimes  teased 
in  the  way  described.  Some  years  ago,  he  believed 
it  was  at  Limehouse,  my  informant  heard  a  gen- 
tlemanly-looking man,  tipsy,  d — n  the  street  bird- 
seller  for  Mr.  Hohbler,  and  bid  him  go  to  the 
Mansion  House,  or  to  h — 1.  I  asked  the  cripple 
about  this,  but  he  had  no  recollection  of  it ;  and,  as 
he  evidently  did  not  understand  the  allusion  to 
Mr.  Hobbler,  I  was  not  surprised  at  his  forgetful- 
ness.] 


"  I  like  to  sit  out  in  the  lunshine  selling  ray 
birds,"  he  said.  ♦'  If  it  'b  rainy,  and  I  can't  go  out, 
because  it  would  be  of  no  use,  I  'm  moped  to  death. 
I  stay  at  home  and  read  a  little ;  or  I  chop  a  little 
fire-wood,  but  you  may  be  very  sure,  sir,  its  little 
I  can  do  that  way.  I  never  associate  with  the 
neighbours.  I  never  had  any  pleasure,  such  as 
going  to  a  fair,  or  like  that.  I  don't  remember 
having  ever  spent  a  penny  in  a  place  of  amuse- 
ment in  my  life.  Yes,  1  've  often  sat  all  day  in 
the  sun,  and  of  course  a  deal  of  thoughts  goes 
through  my  head.  I  think,  shall  I  be  able  to 
afford  myself  plenty  of  bread  when  I  get  home  1 
And  I  think  of  the  next  world  sometimes,  and  feel 
quite  sure,  quite,  that  I  shan't  be  a  cripple  there. 
Yes,  that 's  a  comfort,  for  this  world  will  never 
be  any  good  to  me.  I  feel  that  I  shall  be  a  poor 
starving  cripple,  till  I  end,  perhaps,  in  the  work- 
house. Other  poor  men  can  get  married,  but  not 
such  as  me.  But  I  never  was  in  love  in  ray  life, 
never."  [Among  the  vagrants  and  beggars,  I 
may  observe,  there  are  men  more  terribly  deformed 
than  the  bird-seller,  who  are  married,  or  living  in 
concubinage.]  "  Yes,  sir,"  he  proceeded,  "  I  'm 
quite  reconciled  to  my  lameness,  quite ;  and  have 
been  for  years.  0,  no,  I  never  fret  about  that 
now ;  but  about  starving,  perhaps,  and  the  work- 
house. 

"  Before  father  died,  the  parish  allowed  us  I5.  Qd. 
and  a  quartern  loaf  a  week ;  but  after  he  was  buried, 
they  'd  allow  me  nothing ;  they  'd  only  admit  me 
into  the  house.  I  hadn't  a  penny  allowed  to  me 
when  I  discharged  myself  and  came  out.  I  hardly 
know  how  ever  I  did  manage  to  get  a  start  again 
with  the  birds.  I  knew  a  good  many  catchers, 
and  they  trusted  me.  Yes,  they  was  all  poor 
men.  I  did  pretty  tidy  by  bits,  but  only  when  it 
was  fine  weather,  until  these  five  years  or  so, 
when  things  got  terrible  bad.  Particularly  just  the 
two  last  years  with  me.  Do  you  think  times  are 
likely  to  mend,  sir,  with  poor  people  ]  If  work- 
ing-men had  only  money,  they  'd  buy  innocent 
things  like  birds  to  amuse  them  at  home ;  but  if 
they  can't  get  the  money,  as  I  've  heard  them  say 
when  they  've  been  pricing  my  stock,  why  in 
course  they  can't  spend  it." 

"  Yes,  indeed,"  said  the  sister,  "  trade  's  very 
bad.  Where  my  husband  and  I  once  earned  18*. 
at  the  fire-wood,  and  then  15s.,  we  can't  now 
earn  12s.  the  two  of  us,  slave  as  hard  as  we  will.  I 
always  dread  the  winter  a-coming.  Though  there 
may  be  more  fire-wood  wanted,  there  's  greater  ex- 
penses, and  it 's  a  terrible  time  for  such  as  us." 

*'  I  dream  sometimes,  sir,"  the  cripple  resumed 
in  answer  to  my  question,  "  but  not  often.  I 
often  have  more  than  once  dreamed  I  was  starving 
and  dying  of  hunger.  I  remember  that,  for  I 
woke  in  a  tremble.  But  most  dreams  is  soon 
forgot.  I  've  never  seemed  to  myself  to  be  a 
cripple  in  my  dreams.  Well,  I  can't  explain  how, 
but  I  feel  as  if  my  limbs  was  all  free  like — 
so  beautiful.  I  dream  most  about  starving 
I  think,  than  about  anything  else.  Perhaps 
that's  when  I  have  to  go  to  sleep  hungry.  I 
sleep  very  well,  though,  take  it  altogether.  If  I 
had    only  plenty  to   live  upon  there  would  be 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


69 


nobody  happier.  I  'm  happy  enough  when  times 
is  middling  with  me,  only  one  feels  it  won't  last. 
I  like  a  joke  as  well  as  anybody  when  times  is 
good  ;  but  that 's  been  very  seldom  lately. 

"  It 's  all  small  birds  I  sell  in  the  street  now, 
except  at  a  very  odd  time.  That  jackdaw  there, 
sir,  he 's  a  very  fine  bird.  I  've  tamed  him  my- 
self, and  he 's  as  tame  as  a  dog.  My  sister 's  a 
very  good  hand  among  birds,  and  helps  me.  She 
once  taught  a  linnet  to  say  'Joey'  as  plain  as  you 
can  speak  it  yourself,  sir.  I  buy  birds  of  different 
catchers,  but  haven't  money  to  buy  the  better 
kinds,  as  I  have  to  sell  at  d(/.,  and  Ad.,  and  6(f. 
mostly.  If  I  had  a  pound  to  lay  out  in  a  few 
nice  cages  and  good  birds,  I  think  I  could  do 
middling,  this  fine  weather  particler,  for  I  'm  a 
very  good  judge  of  birds,  and  know  how  to 
manage  them  as  well  as  anybodj'.  Then  birds  is 
rather  dearer  to  buy  than  they  was  when  I  was 
first  in  the  trade.  The  catchers  have  to  go  further, 
and  I  'm  afeared  the  birds  is  getting  scarcer,  and 
•o  there 's  more  time  taken  up.  I  buy  of  several 
catchers.  The  last  whole  day  that  I  was  at  my 
pitch  I  sold  nine  birds,  and  took  about  Zs.  If  I 
could  buy  birds  ever  so  cheap,  there's  always 
such  losses  by  their  dying.  I  've  had  three  parts 
of  my  young  linnets  die,  do  what  I  might,  but 
not  often  so  many.  Then  if  they  die  all  the  food 
they  've  had  is  lost.  There  goes  all  for  nothing 
the  rape  and  flax-seed  for  your  linnets,  canary  and 
flax  for  your  goldfinches,  chopped  eggs  for  your 
nightingales,  and  German  paste  for  your  sky-larks. 
I've  made  my  own  German  paste  when  I've 
wanted  a  sufficient  quantity.  It's  made  of  pea- 
meal,  treacle,  hog's-lard,  and  moss-seed.  I  sell 
more  goldfinches  than  anything  else.  I  used  to 
■ell  a  good  many  sparrows  for  shooting,  but  I 
haven't  done  anything  that  way  these  eight  or 
nine  years.  It's  a  fash'nable  sport  still,  I  hear. 
I  've  reared  nightingales  that  sung  beautiful,  and 
have  sold  them  at  As.  a  piece,  which  was  very 
cheap.  They  often  die  when  the  time  for  their 
departure  comes.  A  shopkeeper  as  supplied  such 
as  I  've  sold  would  have  charged  H.  a  piece  for 
them.  One  of  my  favouritest  birds  is  redpoles, 
but  they  're  only  sold  in  the  season.  I  think  it 's 
one  of  the  most  knowingest  little  birds  that  is ; 
more  knowing  than  the  goldfinch,  in  my  opinion. 

"  My  ctutomers  are  all  working  people,  all  of 
tb«m.  I  sell  to  nobody  else  ;  I  make  \s.  or  5$. ; 
I  call  5#.  a  good  week  at  this  time  of  year,  when 
the  weather  loiti.  I  lodge  with  a  married  sister; 
her  hufband  's  a  wood-chopper,  and  I  pay  It.  6(Z. 
a  week,  which  is  cheap,  for  I  've  no  sticks  of  my 
own.  If  I  earn  it.  there 's  only  2t.  6d.  left  to 
live  on  the  week  through.  In  winter,  when  I  can 
make  next  to  nothing,  and  must  keep  my  birds, 
it  i»  terrible — oh  yes,  eir,  if  you  believe  me,  ter* 
rible  r 

Op  tbb  Tuo&fl  of  thb  BiKty-DvtrMBB. 
Thi  tricks  practieed  by  the  bird-tellers  are  frequent 
and  ■ystematic.  The  other  day  a  man  connected 
with  the  bird-trade  had  to  visit  Hollo  way,  the 
City,  aud  Berroondser.  In  Holloway  he  saw  six 
men,  §em»  of  whom  he  recognised  u  regular  bird- 


catchers  and  street-sellers,  offering  sham  birds  ;  in 
the  City  he  found  twelve  ;  and  in  Bemiondsey 
six,  as  well  as  he  could  depend  upon  his  memory. 
These,  he  thought,  did  not  constitute  more  than 
a  half  of  the  number  now  at  work  as  bird-"  duf- 
fers," not  including  the  sellers  of  foreign  birds. 
In  the  summer,  indeed,  the  duffers  are  most 
numerous,  for  birds  are  cheapest  then,  and  these 
tricksters,  to  economise  time,  I  presume,  buy  of 
other  catchers  any  cheap  hens  suited  to  their  pur- 
pose. Some  of  them,  I  am  told,  never  catch  their 
birds  at  all,  but  purchase  them. 

The  greenfinch  is  the  bird  on  which  these  men's 
art  is  most  commonly  practised,  its  light-coloured 
plumage  suiting  it  to  their  purposes.  I  have  heard 
these  people  styled  "  bird-swindlers,"  but  by  street- 
traders  I  heard  them  called  "  bird-duffers,"  yet  there 
appears  to  be  no  very  distinctive  name  for  them. 
They  are  nearly  all  men,  as  is  the  case  in  the  bird 
trade  generally,  although  the  wives  may  occasionally 
assist  in  the  street-sale.  The  means  of  deception, 
as  regards  the  greenfinch  especially,  are  from  paint. 
One  aim  of  these  artists  is  to  make  their  finch  re- 
semble some  curious  foreign  bird,  "  not  often  to 
be  sold  so  cheap,  or  to  be  sold  at  all  in  this 
country."  They  study  the  birds  in  the  window  of 
the  naturalists'  shops  for  this  purpose.  Sometimes 
they  declare  these  painted  birds  are  young  Java 
sparrows  (at  onetime  "a  fashionable  bird"),  or 
St.  Helena  birds,  or  French  or  Italian  finches. 
They  sometimes  get  5s.  for  such  a  "  duffing  bird;" 
one  man  has  been  known  to  boast  that  he  once  got 
a  sovereign.  I  am  told,  however,  by  n  bird- 
catcher  who  had  himself  supplied  birds  to  these 
men  for  duffing,  that  they  complained  of  the  trade 
growing  worse  and  worse. 

It  is  usually  a  hen  which  is  painted,  for  the  hen 
is  by  far  the  cheapest  purchase,  and  while  the 
poor  thing  is  being  offered  for  sale  by  the  duffers, 
she  has  an  unlimited  supply  of  hemp-seed,  with- 
out other  food,  and  hemp-seed  beyond  a  proper 
quantity,  is  a  very  strong  stimulus.  This  makes 
the  hen  look  brisk  and  bold,  but  if  newly  caught, 
as  is  usually  the  case,  she  will  perhaps  be  found 
dead  next  morning.  The  duffer  will  object  to  his 
bird  being  handled  on  account  of  its  timidity  ; 
"but  it- is  timid  only  with  strangers  I"  When 
you've  had  him  a  week,  ma'am,"  such  a  bird- 
seller  will  say,  "  you  '11  find  him  as  lovesome  and 
tame  as  can  be."  One  jealous  lady,  when  asked 
6t.  for  a  "  very  fine  Italian  finch,  an  excellent 
singer,"  refused  to  buy,  but  offered  a  deposit  of 
2t.  6d.,  if  the  man  would  leave  his  bird  and  cage, 
for  the  trial  of  the  bird's  song,  for  two  or  three 
days.  The  duffer  agreed ;  and  was  bold  enough 
to  call  on  the  third  day  to  hear  the  result.  The 
bird  was  dead,  and  after  mnrmuring  a  little  at  the 
lady's  mismanagement,  and  at  the  loss  he  had 
been  subjected  to,  the  man  brought  away  his  cage. 
He  boasted  of  this  to  a  dealer's  assistant  who 
mentioned  it  to  me,  and  expressed  his  conviction 
that  it  was  true  enough.  The  paints  used  for  the 
transformation  of  native  birds  into  foreign  are 
bought  at  the  colour-shops,  and  applied  with 
camel-hair  brushes  in  the  usual  way. 

When  canaries  are  "a  bad  colour,"  or  hare 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


grown  a  paler  yellow  from  age,  they  are  re-dyed, 
by  the  application  of  a  colour  sold  at  the  colour- 
shops,  and  known  as  "the  Queen's  yellow."  Black- 
birds are  dyed  a  deeper  black,  the  "grit"  off  a 
frying-pan  being  used  for  the  purpose.  The  same 
thing  is  done  to  heighten  the  gloss  and  blackness 
of  a  jackdaw,  I  was  told,  by  a  man  who  acknow- 
ledged he  had  duffed  a  little ;  "people  liked  a  gay 
bright  colour."  In  the  same  way  the  tints  of  the 
goldfinch  ore  heightened  by  the  application  of 
paint.  It  is  common  enough,  moreover,  for  a  man 
to  paint  the  beaks  and  legs  of  the  birds.  It  is 
chiefly  the  smaller  birds  which  are  thus  made  the 
means  of  cheating. 

Almost  all  the  "duffing  birds"  are  hawked.  If 
a  young  hen  be  passed  oft'  for  a  good  singing  bird, 
without  being  painted,  as  a  cock  in  his  second 
singing  year,  she  is  "  brisked  up"  with  hemp-seed, 
is  half  tipsy  in  fact,  and  so  passed  off  deceitfully. 
As  it  is  very  rarely  that  even  the  male  birds  will 
sing  in  the  streets,  this  is  often  a  successful  ruse, 
the  bird  appearing  so  lively. 

A  dealer  calculated  for  me,  from  his  own  know- 
ledge, that  2000  small  birds  were  "  duffed"  yearly, 
at  an  average  of  from  2s.  Qd.  to  3s.  each. 

As  yet  I  have  only  spoken  of  the  "  duffing"  of 
English  birds,  but  similar  tricks  are  practised  with 
the  foreign  birds. 

In  parrot-selling  there  is  a  good  deal  of  "  duffing." 
The  birds  are  "painted  up,"  as  I  have  described  in 
the  case  of  the  greenfinches,  &c.  Varnish  is  also  used 
to  render  the  colours  brighter;  the  legs  and  beak 
are  frequently  varnished.  Sometimes  a  spot  of  red 
is  introduced,  for  as  one  of  these  duffers  observed 
to  a  dealer  in  English  birds,  "the  more  outlandish 
you  make  them  look,  the  better 's  the  chance  to 
sell."  Sometimes  there  is  little  injury  done  by 
this  paint  and  varnish,  which  disappear  gradually 
when  the  parrot  is  in  the  cage  of  a  purchaser ; 
but  in  some  instances  when  the  bird  picks  him- 
self where  he  has  been  painted,  he  dies  from  the 
deleterious  compound.  Of  this  mortality,  however, 
there  is  nothing  approaching  that  among  the 
duffed  small  birds. 

Occasionally  the  duffers  carry  really  fine  cock- 
atoos, &c.,  and  if  they  can  obtain  admittance  into  a 
lady's  house,  to  display  the  beauty  of  the  bird, 
they  will  pretend  to  be  in  possession  of  smuggled 
silk,  &c.,  made  of  course  for  duffing  purposes. 
The  bird-duffers  are  usually  dressed  as  seamen, 
and  sometimes  pretend  they  must  sell  the  bird 
before  the  ship  sails,  for  a  parting  spree,  or  to  get 
the  poor  thing  a  good  home.  This  trade,  however, 
has  from  all  that  1  can  learn,  and  in  the  words  of  an 
informant,  "  seen  its  best  days."  There  are  now 
sometimes  six  men  thus  engaged ;  sometimes 
none  :  and  when  one  of  these  men  is  "  hard  up," 
he  finds  it  difficult  to  start  again  in  a  business  for 
which  a  capital  of  about  1^  is  necessary,  as  a  cage 
is  wanted  generally.  The  duffers  buy  the  very 
lowest  priced  birds,  and  have  been  known  to  get 
2L  10s.  for  what  cost  but  8s.,  but  that  is  a  very 
rare  occurrence,  and  the  men  are  very  poor,  and 
perhaps  more  dissipated  than  the  generality  of 
street-sellers,  Parrot  duffing,  moreover,  is  seldom 
carried  on  regularly  by  any  one,  for  he  will  often 


duff  cigars  and  other  things  in  preference,  or  per- 
haps vend  really  smuggled  and  good  cigars  or 
tobccco.  Perhaps  150  parrots,  paroquets,  or  cock- 
atoos, are  sold  in  this  way  annually,  at  from  15s. 
to  1/.  10s.  each,  but  hardly  averaging  1/.,  as  the 
duffer  will  sell,  or  raffle,  the  bird  for  a  small  sum 
if  he  cannot  dispose  of  it  otherwise. 

Of  the  Strket-Sbllbrs  op  Forhign  Birds. 
This  trade  is  curious,  but  far  from  extensive  as 
regards  street-sale.  There  is,  moreover,  contrary 
to  what  might  be  expected,  a  good  deal  of  "  duf- 
fing" about  it.  The  "duffer"  in  English  birds 
disguises  them  so  that  they  shall  look  like  foreign- 
ers ;  the  duffer  in  what  are  unquestionably  foreign 
birds  disguises  them  that  they  may  look  m<yre 
foreign — more  Indian  than  in  the  Indies. 

The  word  "Duffer,"  I  may  mention,  appears 
to  be  connected  with  the  German  Durffen,  to  want, 
to  be  needy,  and  so  to  mean  literally  a  needy  or 
indigent  man,  even  as  the  word  Pedlar  has  the 
same  origin — being  derived  from  the  German 
Bettler,  and  the  Dutch  Bedelaar—?i  beggar.  The 
verb  Durffen  means  also  to  dare,  to  be  so  bold  as 
to  do  ;  hence,  to  Durff\  or  Duff\  would  signify  to 
resort  to  any  impudent  trick. 

The  supply  of  parrots,  paroquets,  cockatoos, 
Java  sparrows,  or  St.  Helena  birds,  is  not  in  the 
regular  way  of  consignment  from  a  merchant 
abroad  to  one  in  London.  The  commanders  and 
mates  of  merchant  vessels  bring  over  large  quan- 
tities ;  and  often  enough  the  seamen  are  allowed 
to  bring  parrots  or  cockatoos  in  the  homeward- 
bound  ship  from  the  Indies  or  the  African  coast, 
or  from  other  tropical  countries,  either  to  beguile 
the  tedium  of  the  voyage,  for  presents  to  their 
friends,  or,  as  in  some  cases,  for  sale  on  their 
reaching  an  English  port.  More,  I  am  assured, 
although  statistics  are  hardly  possible  on  such  a 
subject,  are  brought  to  London,  and  perhaps  by 
one-third,  than  to  all  the  other  ports  of  Great 
Britain  collectively.  Even  on  board  the  vessels 
of  the  royal  navy,  the  importation  of  parrots  used 
to  be  allowed  as  a  sort  of  boon  to  the  seamen,  I 
was  told  by  an  old  naval  officer  that  once,  after  a 
long  detention  on  the  west  coast  of  Africa,  his 
ship  was  ordered  home,  and,  as  an  acknowledg- 
ment of  the  good  behaviour  of  his  men,  he  per- 
mitted them  to  bring  parrots,  cockatoos,  or  any 
foreign  birds,  home  with  them,  not  limiting  the 
number,  but  of  course  under  the  inspection  of  the 
petty  officers,  that  there  might  be  no  violation  of 
the  cleanliness  which  always  distinguishes  a  vessel 
of  war.  Along  the  African  coast,  to  the  south- 
ward of  Sierra  Leone,  the  men  were  not  allowed  to 
land,  both  on  account  of  the  unhealthiness  of  the 
shores,  and  of  the  surf,  which  rendered  landing 
highly  dangerous,  a  danger,  however,  which  the 
seamen  would  not  have  scrupled  to  brave,  and 
recklessly  enough,  for  any  impulse  of  the  minute. 
As  if  by  instinct,  however,  the  natives  seemed  to 
know  what  was  wanted,  for  they  came  off  from 
the  shores  in  their  light  canoes,  which  danced  like 
feathers  on  the  surf,  and  brought  boat-loads  of 
birds;  these  the  seamen  bought  of  them,  or  pos- 
sessed themselves  of  in  the  way  of  barter. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


71 


Before  the  ship  took  her  final  departure,  how- 
ever, she  was  reported  as  utterly  uninhabitable 
below,  from  the  incessant  din  arid  clamour  :  "  We 
might  as  well  have  a  pack  of  women  aboard,  sir," 
was  the  ungallant  remark  of  one  of  the  petty 
officers  to  his  commander.  Orders  were  then 
given  that  the  parrots,  &c.,  should  be  "  thinned," 
80  that  there  might  not  be  such  an  unceasing  noise. 
This  was  accordingly  done.  How  many  were  set 
at  liberty  and  made  for  the  shore — for  the  seamen 
iu  this  instance  did  not  kill  them  for  their  skins, 
as  is  not  uufrequently  the  case — the  commander 
did  not  know.  lie  could  but  conjecture  ;  and  he 
conjectured  that  something  like  a  thousand  were 
released  ;  and  even  after  that,  and  after  the  mor- 
tality which  tiikes  place  among  these  birds  in  the 
course  of  a  long  voyage,  a  very  great  number 
were  brought  to  Plymouth.  Of  these,  again,  a 
great  number  were  sent  or  conveyed  under  the 
care  of  the  sailors  to  London,  when  the  ship  was 
paid  off.  The  same  officer  endeavoured  on  this 
Toyage  to  bring  home  some  very  large  pine-apples, 
which  flavoured,  and  most  deliciously,  parts  of  the 
ship  when  she  had  been  a  long  time  at  sea;  but  every 
one  of  them  rotted,  and  had  to  be  thrown  over- 
board.    He  fell  into  the  error,  Captain said, 

of  having  the  finest  fruit  selected  for  the  experi- 
ment ;  an  error  which  the  Bahama  merchants 
had  avoided,  and  consequently  they  succeeded 
where  he  failed.  How  the  sailors  fed  the  parrots, 
my  informant  could  hardly  guess,  but  they  brought 
a  number  of  very  fine  birds  to  England,  some  of 
them  with  well-cultivated  powers  of  speech. 

This,  as  I  shall  show,  is  one  of  the  ways  by 
which  the  London  supply  of  parrots,  &c.,  is  ob- 
tained ;  but  the  permission,  as  to  the  importation 
of  these  brightly-feathered  birds,  is,  I  understand, 
rarely  allowed  at  present  to  the  seamen  in  the 
royal  navy.  The  fiir  greater  supply,  indeed  more 
than  90  per  cent,  of  the  whole  of  the  birds  im- 
ported, is  from  the  merchant-service.  I  have  al- 
ready stated,  on  the  very  best  authority,  the 
motives  whicli  induce  merchant-seamen  to  bring 
over  parrots  and  cockatoos.  That  to  bring  them 
over  is  an  inducement  to  some  to  engage  in  an 
African  voyage  is  shown  by  the  following  state- 
ment, whith  was  made  to  me,  in  the  course  of  a 
long  inquiry,  published  in  my  letters  in  the 
Morning  Chronicle,  concerning  the  condition  of 
the  merchant-seamen. 

"  I  would  never  go  to  that  African  coast  again, 
only  I  make  a  pound  or  two  in  birds.  We  buy 
parroU,  gray  parroU  chiefly,  of  the  natives,  who 
come  aboard  in  their  canoes.  We  sometimes  pay 
6*.  or  7«.,  in  Africa,  for  a  fine  bird.  I  have 
known  200  parrots  on  board ;  they  make  a 
precious  noise;  but  half  the  birds  die  before  they 
get  to  Engknd.  Some  captains  won't  allow 
parrots." 

When  the  seamen  have  settled  themselves  after 
landing  in  England,  they  perhaps  find  that  there  is 
no  room  in  their  boarding-houses  for  their  parrots ; 
these  birds  are  not  admitted  into  the  Sailors'  Home  ; 
the  seamen's  friends  are  stocked  with  the  birds, 
and  look  upon  another  parrot  as  but  another 
inuuder,  an  unwelcome  pentioaer.   There  remains 


but  one  course — to  sell  the  birds,  and  they  are 
generally  sold  to  a  highly  respectable  man,  Mr. 
M.  Samuel,  of  Upper  East  Smith  field ;  and  it  is  from 
him,  though  not  always  directly,  that  the  shop- 
keepers and  street-sellers  derive  their  stock-in- 
trade.  There  is  also  a  further  motive  for  the  dis- 
posal of  parrots,  paroquets,  and  cockatoos  to  a 
merchant.  The  seafaring  owner  of  those  really 
magnificent  birds,  perhaps,  squanders  his  money, 
perhaps  he  gets  "skinned"  (stripped  of  his  clothes 
and  money  from  being  hocussed,  or  tempted  to 
helpless  drunkenness),  or  he  chooses  to  sell  them, 
and  he  or  his  boarding-house  keeper  takes  the  birds 
to  Mr,  Samuel,  and  sells  them  for  what  he  can 
get;  but  I  heard  from  three  very  intelligent  sea- 
men whom  I  met  with  in  the  course  of  my  inquiry, 
and  by  mere  chance,  that  Mr.  Samuel's  price  was 
fair  and  his  money  sure,  considering  everything, 
for  there  is  usually  a  qualification  to  every  praise. 
It  is  certainly  surprising,  under  these  circumstances, 
that  such  numbers  of  these  birds  should  thus  be 
disposed  of. 

Parrots  are  as  gladly,  or  more  gladly,  pot  rid  of, 
in  any  manner,  in  different  regions  in  the  conti- 
nents of  Asia  and  America,  than  with  us  are  even 
rats  from  a  granary.  Dr.  Stanley,  after  speaking 
of  the  beauty  of  a  flight  of  parrots,  says  : — "  The 
husbandman  who  sees  them  hastening  through 
the  air,  with  loud  and  impatient  screams,  looks 
upon  them  with  dismay  and  detestation,  knowing 
that  the  produce  of  his  labour  and  industry  is  in 
jeopardy,  when  visited  by  such  a  voracious  multi- 
tude of  pilferers,  who,  like  the  locusts  of  Egypt, 
desolate  whole  tracts  of  country  by  their  unsparing 
ravages."  A  contrast  with  their  harmlessness,  in  a 
gilded  cage  in  the  houses  of  the  wealthy,  with  us  ! 
The  destructiveness  of  these  birds,  is  then,  one 
reason  why  seamen  can  obtain  them  so  readily  and 
cheaply,  for  the  natives  take  pleasure  in  catching 
them ;  while  as  to  plentifulness,  the  tropical  re- 
gions teem  with  bird,  as  with  insect  and  reptile, 
life. 

Of  parrots,  paroquets,  and  cockatoos,  there  are 
8000  imported  to  London  in  the  way  I  have  de- 
scribed, and  in  about  equal  proportions.  They 
are  sold,  wholesale,  from  bt.  to  30i.  each. 

There  are  now  only  three  men  selling  these 
brilliant  birds  regularly  in  the  streets,  and  in  the 
fair  way  of  trade ;  but  there  are  sometimes  as 
many  as  18  so  engaged.  The  price  given  by  a 
hawker  for  a  cockatoo,  &c.,  is  8».  or  10*.,  and 
they  are  retailed  at  from  \5s.  to  30«.,  or  more,  "  if 
it  can  be  got."  The  purchasers  are  the  wealthier 
classes  who  can  afford  to  indulge  their  tastes.  Of 
late  years,  however,  I  am  told,  a  parrot  or  a 
cockatoo  seems  to  be  considered  indispensable  to 
an  inn  (not  a  gin-palace),  and  the  innkeepers  have 
been  among  the  best  customers  of  the  street  parrot- 
sellers.  In  the  neighbourhood  of  the  docks,  and 
indeed  along  the  whole  river  side  below  London- 
bridge,  it  is  almost  impossible  for  a  street-seller  to 
dispose  of  a  parrot  to  nn  innkeeper,  or  indeed  to 
any  one,  as  they  are  supplied  by  the  seamen.  A 
parrot  which  has  been  tiught  to  tilk  is  worth  from 
4/.  to  10/,,  according  to  its  proficiency  in  speech. 
About  500  of  these  birds  are  sold  yearly  by  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


street-hawkers,  at  an  outlay  to  the  public  of  from 
600^.  to  QOQl. 

Java  sparrows,  from  the  East  Indies,  and  from 
the  Islands  of  the  Archipelago,  are  brought  to 
London,  but  considerable  quantities  die  during  the 
voyage  and  in  this  country ;  for,  though  hardy 
enough,  not  more  than  one  in  three  survives  being 
"  taken  off  the  paddy  seed."  About  10,000,  how- 
ever, are  sold  annually,  in  London,  at  Is.  6d.  each, 
but  a  very  small  proportion  by  street-hawking,  as 
the  Java  sparrows  are  chiefly  in  demand  for  the 
aviaries  of  the  rich  in  town  and  country.  In  some 
years  not  above  100  may  be  sold  in  the  streets  ; 
in  others,  as  many  as  500. 

In  St.  Helena  birds,  known  also  as  wax-bills 
and  red-backs,  there  is  a  trade  to  the  same  extent, 
both  as  regards  number  and  price  ;  but  the  street- 
sale  is  perhaps  10  percent,  lower. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  op  Birds'-Nests. 
The  young  gypsy-looking  lad,  who  gave  me  the 
following  account  of  the  sale  of  birds'-nests  in  the 
streets,  was  peculiarly  picturesque  in  his  appear- 
ance. He  wore  a  dirty-looking  smock-frock  with 
large  pockets  at  the  side ;  he  had  no  shirt ;  and  his 
long  black  hair  himg  in  curls  about  him,  contrasting 
strongly  with  his  bare  white  neck  and  chest,  jThe 
broad-brimmed  brown  Italian-looking  hat,  broken 
in  and  ragged  at  the  top,  threw  a  dark  half-mask- 
like shadow  over  the  upper  part  of  his  face.  His 
feet  were  bare  and  black  with  mud  :  he  carried  in 
one  hand  his  basket  of  nests,  dotted  with  their 
many-coloured  eggs;  in  the  other  he  held  a  live 
snake,  that  writhed  and  twisted  as  its  metallic- 
looking  skin  glistened  in  the  sun  ;  now  over,  and 
now  round,  the  thick  knotty  bough  of  a  tree  that 
he  used  for  a  stick.  The  portrait  of  the  youth  is 
here  given.  I  have  never  seen  so  picturesque  a 
specimen  of  the  English  nomade.  He  said,  in 
answer  to  my  inquiries  :— 

"  I  am  a  seller  of  birds'-nesties,  snakes,  slow- 
worms,  adders,  'effets' — lizards  is  their  common 
name — hedgehogs  (for  killing  black  beetles)  ;  frogs 
(for  the  French — they  eats  'em) ;  snails  (for  birds) ; 
that's  all  I  sell  in  the  summertime.  In  the 
winter  I  get  all  kinds  of  wild  flowers  and  roots, 
primroses, '  butter-cups' and  daisies,  and  snow-drops, 
and  '  backing'  off  of  trees ;  ('  backing'  it 's  called, 
because  it 's  used  to  put  at  the  back  of  nosegays, 
it 's  got  off  the  yew  trees,  and  is  the  green  yew 
fern.  I  gather  bulrushes  in  the  summer-time, 
besides  what  I  told  you;  some  buys  bulrushes 
for  stuffing;  they're  the  fairy  rushes  the  small 
ones,  and  the  big  ones  is  bulrushes.  The  small 
ones  is  used  for  '  stuffing,'  that  is,  for  showing 
off  the  birds  as  is  stuffed,  and  make  'em  seem 
as  if  they  was  alive  in  their  cases,  and  among 
the  rushes;  I  sell  them  to  the  bird-stuffers  at 
Id.  a  dozen.  The  big  rushes  the  boys  buys  to 
play  with  and  beat  one  another — on  a  Sunday 
evening  mostly.  The  birds'-nesties  I  get  from  Id. 
to  Zd.  apiece  for.  I  never  have  young  birds,  t  can 
never  sell  'em ;  you  see  the  young  things  generally 
dies  of  the  cramp  before  you  can  get  rid  of  them, 
I  sell  the  birds'-nesties  in  the  streets;  the  three- 
penny ones  has   six   eggs,   a   half-penny  a  egg. 


The  linnets  has  mostly  four  eggs,  they're  4d. 
the  nest ;  they  're  for  putting  under  canaries, 
and  being  hatched  by  them.  The  thrushes  has 
from  four  to  five — five  is  the  most  ;  they  're 
2rf, ;  they  're  merely  for  cur  'osi  tj' — glass  cases 
or  anything  like  that.  Moor- hens,  wot  build 
on  the  moors,  has  from  eight  to  nine  eggs,  and 
is  Id.  a-piece ;  they  're  for  hatching  underneath 
a  bantam-fowl,  the  same  as  partridges.  Chaf- 
finches has  five  eggs;  they're  'dd.,  and  is  for 
cur'osity.  Hedge-sparrows,  five  eggs  ;  they  're 
the  same  price  as  the  other,  and  is  for  cur'osity. 
The  Bottletit — the  nest  and  the  bough  are  al- 
ways put  in  glass  cases  ;  it 's  a  long  hanging 
nest,  like  a  bottle,  with  a  hole  about  as  big  as  a 
sixpence,  and  there  's  mostly  as  many  as  eighteen 
eggs;  they've  been  known  to  lay  thirty-three. 
To  the  house-sparrow  there  is  five  eggs ;  they  're 
Id.  The  yellow-hammers,  with  five  eggs,  is  2d. 
The  water-wagtails,  with  four  eggs,  2d.  Black- 
birds, with  five  eggs,  2d.  The  golden-crest  wren, 
with  ten  eggs — it  has  a  very  handsome  nest — is 
6d,  Bulfinches,  four  eggs,  Is. ;  they  're  for  hatch- 
ing, and  the  bulfinch  is  a  very  dear  bird.  Crows, 
four  eggs.  Ad.  Magpies,  four  eggs,  Ad.  Starlings, 
five  eggs,  Bd.  The  egg-chats,  five  eggs,  2d.  Grold- 
finches,  five  eggs,  6d.,  for  hatching.  Martins,  five 
eggs,  dd.  The  swallow,  four  eggs,  6d  ;  it 's  so  dear 
because  the  nest  is  such  a  cur'osity,  they  build  up 
again  the  house.  The  butcher-birds — hedge-mur- 
derers some  calls  them,  for  the  number  of  birds  they 
kills — five  eggs,  Zd.  The  cuckoo — they  never  has 
a  nest,  but  lays  in  the  hedge-sparrow's ;  there  's 
only  one  egg  (it 's  very  rare  you  see  the  two,  they 
has  been  got,  but  that's  seldom)  that  is  Ad.,  the 
egg  is  such  a  cur'osity.  The  greenfinches  has 
four  or  five  eggs,  and  is  Bd.  The  sparrer-hawk  has 
four  eggs,  and  they  're  6d.  The  reed-sparrow— 
they  builds  in  the  reeds  close  where  the  bul- 
rushes grow ;  they  has  four  eggs,  and  is  2d.  The 
wood-pigeon  has  two  eggs,  and  they  're  Ad.  The 
horned  owl,  four  eggs ;  they  're  6d.  The  wood- 
pecker— I  never  see  no  more  nor  two — they  're 
6d.  the  two;  they're  a  great  cur'osity,  very 
seldom  found.  The  kingfishers  has  four  eggs,  and 
is  6d.     That 's  all  I  know  of. 

"  I  gets  the  eggs  mostly  from  Wftham  and 
Chelmsford, in  Essex;  Chelmsford  is  20  mile  from 
Whitechapel  Church,  and  Witham,  8  mile  further. 
I  know  more  about  them  parts  than  anywhere 
else,  being  used  to  go  after  moss  for  Mr.  Butler,  of 
the  herb-shop  in  Covent  Garden.  Sometimes  I  go 
to  Shirley  Common  and  Shirley  Wood,  that 's  three 
miles  from  Croydon,  and  Croydon  is  ten  from 
Westminster-bridge.  When  I  'm  out  bird-nesting 
I  take  all  the  cross  country  roads  across  fields  and 
into  the  woods.  I  begin  bird-nesting  in  May 
and  leave  off  about  August,  and  then  comes  the  bul- 
rushing,  and  they  last  till  Christmas;  and  after  that 
comes  the  roots  and  wild  flowers,  which  serves  me 
up  to  May  again.  I  go  out  bird-nesting  three 
times  a  Aveek.  I  go  away  at  night,  and  come  up 
on  the  morning  of  the  day  after,  I  'm  away  a 
day  and  two  nights.  I  start  between  one  and 
two  in  the  morning  and  walk  all  night — for  the 
coolness — you  see  the  weather 's  so  hot  you  can't 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


do  it  in  the  daytime.  When  I  get  down  I  go  to 
sleep  for  a  couple  of  hours.  I  '  skipper  it '  — turn 
in  under  a  hedge  or  anywhere.  I  get  down  about 
nine  in  the  morning,  at  Chelmsford,  and  about 
one  if  I  go  to  Witham.  After  I  've  had  my  sleep 
I  start  off  to  get  my  nests  and  things.  I  climb  the 
trees,  often  I  go  up  a  dozen  in  the  day,  and 
many  a  time  there  'a  nothing  in  the  nest  Avhen  I 
get  up,  I  only  fell  once  ;  I  got  on  the  end  of  the 
bou^h  and  slipped  off.  I  p'isoned  my  foot  once 
with  the  stagnant  water  going  after  the  bulrushes, 
— there  was  horseleeches,  and  effets,  and  all  kinds 
of  things  in  the  water,  and  they  stung  me,  I 
think.  I  couldn't  use  my  foot  hardly  for  ^ix 
weeks  afterwards,  and  was  obliged  to  have  a 
■tick  to  walk  with.  I  couldn't  get  about  at  all 
for  four  days,  and  should  have  starved  if  it  hadn't 
been  that  a  young  man  kept  me.  He  was  a  printer 
by  trade,  and  almost  a  stranger  to  me,  only  he 
seed  me  and  took  pity  on  me.  When  I  fell  off  the 
bough  I  wasn't  much  hurt,  nothing  to  speak  of.  The 
hoase-sparrow  is  the  worst  nest  of  all  to  take ; 
it 's  no  value  either  when  it  is  got,  and  is  the  most 
difficult  of  all  to  get  at.  You  has  to  get  up  a  spa- 
rapet  (a  parapet)  of  a  house,  and  either  to  get 
permission,  or  run  the  risk  of  going  after  it  with- 
out. Partridges'  eggs  (they  has  no  nest)  they  gives 
you  six  months  for,  if  they  see  you  selling  them, 
because  it 's  game,  and  I  haven't  no  licence  ;  but 
while  you  're  hawking,  that  is  showing  'em,  they 
can't  touch  you.  The  owl  is  a  very  difficult  nest 
to  get,  they  builds  so  high  in  the  trees.  The 
bottle-tit  is  a  hard  nest  to  find  ;  you  may  go  all 
the  year  round,  and,  perhaps,  only  get  one.  The 
nest  I  like  best  to  get  is  the  chaffinch,  because 
they  're  in  the  hedge,  and  is  no  bother.  Oh,  you 
hasn't  got  the  skylark  down,  sir  ;  they  builds  on 
the  ground,  and  has  live  eggs;  I  sell  them  for  id. 
The  robin-redbreast  has  five  eggs,  too,  and  is  Zd. 
The  ringdove  has  two  eggs,  and  is  6(Z.  The  tit- 
lark— that 's  five  blue  eggs,  and  very  rare — I  get 
id.  for  them.  The  jay  has  five  eggs,  and  a  flat 
nest,  very  wiry,  indeed  ;  it 's  a  ground  bird  ; 
that's  1«. — the  egg  is  just  like  a  partridge  egg. 
When  I  first  took  a  kingfisher's  nest,  I  didn't 
know  the  name  of  it,  and  I  kept  wondering  what 
it  was.  I  daresay  I  asked  three,  dozen  people, 
and  none  of  them  could  tell  me.  At  last  a  bird- 
fancier,  the  lame  man  at  the  Mile-end  gate,  told 
me  what  it  was.  I  likes  to  get  the  nestles  to  sell, 
but  I  bavn't  no  fancy  for  birds.  Sometimes  I 
get  squirrels'  nesties  with  the  young  in  'em — about 
four  of  'em  there  mostly  is,  and  they  're  the  only 
young  things  I  lake — the  young  birds  I  leaves  ; 
they  're  no  good  to  me.  The  four  squirrels  brings 
me  from  6<.  to  %$.  After  I  takes  a  bird's  nest,  the 
old  bird  comes  dancing  over  it,  chirupping,  and 
crying,  and  flying  all  about.  When  they  lose 
their  nest  they  wander  about,  and  don't  know 
where  to  go.  Oftentimes  I  wouldn't  take  them  if 
it  wasn't  for  the  want  of  the  victuals,  it  seems 
such  a  pity  to  disturb  'em  after  they  've  made 
their  little  bits  of  places.  Bats  I  never  take  my- 
self—-I  can't  get  over  'em.  If  I  has  ao  order  for 
'em,  I  boys  'em  of  boys. 

"  I  mostly  ttart  off  into  the  country  on  Monday 


and  come  up  on  Wednesday.  The  most  nesties  as 
ever  I  took  is  twenty-two,  and  I  generally  get  about 
twelve  or  thirteen.  These,  if  I  've  an  order,  I 
sell  directly,  or  else  I  may  be  two  days,  and  some- 
times longer,  hawking  them  in  the  street.  Directly 
I  've  sold  them  I  go  off  again  that  night,  if  it 's 
fine ;  though  I  often  go  in  the  wet,  and  then  I 
borrow  a  tarpaulin  of  a  man  in  the  street  where  I 
live.  If  I  've  a  quick  sale  I  get  down  and  back 
three  times  in  a  week,  but  then  I  don't  go  so  far 
as  Witham,  sometimes  only  to  Rumford ;  that  is 
12  miles  from  Whitechapel  Church.  I  never  got 
an  order  from  a  bird-fancier;  they  gets  all  the 
eggs  they  want  of  the  countrymen  who  comes  up 
to  market. 

"  It 's  gentlemen  I  gets  my  orders  of,  and  then 
mostly  they  tells  me  to  bring 'em  one  nest  of  every 
kind  I  can  get  hold  of,  and  that  will  often  last  me 
three  months  in  the  summer.  There  's  one  gentle- 
man as  I  sells  to  is  a  wholesale  dealer  in  window- 
glass — and  he  has  a  hobby  for  them.  He  puts 
'em  into  glass  cases,  and  makes  presents  of  'em 
to  his  friends.  Ho  has  been  one  of  my  best  cus- 
tomers. I  've  sold  him  a  hundred  nesties,  I  'm 
sure.  There  's  a  doctor  at  Dalston  I  sell  a  great 
number  to — he  's  taking  one  of  every  kind  of  me 
now.  The  most  of  my  customers  is  stray  ones  in 
the  streets.  They  're  generally  boys.  I  sells  a 
nest  now  and  tiien  to  a  lady  with  a  child ;  but 
the  boys  of  twelve  to  fifteen  years  of  age  is  my 
best  friends.  They  buy  'em  only  for  cur'osity. 
I  sold  three  partridges'  eggs  yesterday  to  a  gen- 
tlemen, and  he  said  he  would  put  them  under  a 
bantam  he  'd  got,  and  hatch  'em. 

"  The  snakes,  and  adders,  and  slow-worms  I  get 
from  where  there 's  moss  or  a  deal  of  grass. 
Sunny  weather's  the  best  for  them,  they  won't 
come  out  when  it 's  cold ;  then  I  go  to  a  dung- 
heap,  and  turn  it  over.  Sometimes,  I  find  five  or 
six  there,  but  never  so  large  as  the  one  I  had 
to-day,  that 's  a  yard  and  five  inches  long,  and 
three-quarters  of  a  pound  weight.  Snakes  is  bs. 
a  pound.  I  sell  all  I  can  get  to  Mr.  Butler,  of 
Covent-garden.  He  keeps  'em  alive,  for  they  're 
no  good  dead.  I  think  it's  for  the  skin  they're 
kept.  Some  buys  'em  to  dissect :  a  gentleman 
in  Theobalds-road  does  so,  and  so  he  does  hedge- 
hogs. Some  buys  'em  for  stuffing,  and  others 
for  cur'osities.  Adders  is  the  same  price  as 
snakes,  6s.  a  pound  after  they  first  comes  in, 
when  they  're  10«.  Adders  is  wanted  dead ; 
it 's  only  the  fat  and  skin  that 's  of  any  value ; 
the  fat  is  used  for  curing  p'isoned  wounds,  and 
the  skin  is  used  for  any  one  as  has  cut  their 
heads.  Farmers  buys  the  fat,  and  rubs  it  into 
the  wound  when  they  gets  bitten  or  stung  by 
anything  p'isonous.  I  kill  the  adders  with  a 
stick,  or,  when  I  has  shoes,  I  jumps  on  'em. 
Some  fine  days  I  get  four  or  five  snakes  at  a 
time ;  but  then  they  're  mostly  small,  and  won't 
weigh  above  half  a  pound.  I  don't  get  many 
addt-rs — they  don't  weigh  many  ounces,  adders 
don't— and  I  mostly  has  9rf.  apiece  for  each  I 
geU.     I  sells  them  to  Mr.  Butler  as  well. 

"  The  hedgehogs  is  \i.  each  ;  I  geU  them  mostly 
in  Essex.     I've  took  one  hedgehog  with  thres 


No.  XXXI. 


74 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


young  ones,  and  sold  the  lot  for  25.  Qd.  People 
in  the  streets  bought  them  of  me — they  're  wanted 
to  kill  the  black-beetles;  they  're  fed  on  bread  and 
milk,  and  they  '11  suck  a  cow  quite  dry  in  their 
wild  state.  They  eat  adders,  and  can't  be  p'isoned, 
at  least  it  says  so  in  a  book  I  've  got  about  'era  at 
borne. 

"  The  eifets  I  gets  orders  for  in  the  streets.  Gen- 
tlemen gives  me  their  cards,  and  tells  me  to  bring 
them  one ;  they  're  2d.  apiece.  I  get  them  at 
Hampstead  and  Highgate,  from  the  ponds. 
They  're  wanted  for  cur'osity. 

"  The  snails  and  frogs  1  sell  to  Frenchmen.  I 
don't  know  what  part  they  eat  of  the  frog,  but  I 
know  they  buy  them,  and  the  dandelion  root. 
The  frogs  is  6rf.  and  Is.  a  dozen.  They  like  the 
yellow-bellied  ones,  the  others  they're  afraid  is 
toads.  They  always  pick  out  the  yellow-bellied 
first;  I  don't  know  how  to  feed  'em,  or  else  I 
might  fatten  them.  Many  people  swallows  young 
frogs,  they  're  reckoned  very  good  things  to  clear 
the  inside.  The  frogs  I  catch  in  ponds  and  ditches 
up  at  Hampstead  and  Highgate,  but  I  only  get 
them  when  I  've  a  order.  I  've  had  a  order  for 
as  many  as  six  dozen,  but  that  was  for  the  French 
hotel  in  Leicester-square  ;  but  I  have  sold  three 
dozen  a  week  to  one  man,  a  Frenchman,  as 
keeps  a  cigar  shop  in  R — r's-court. 

''The  snails  I  sell  by  the  pailful— at  2s.  Qd. 
the  pail.  There  is  some  hundreds  in  a  pail. 
The  wet  weather  is  the  best  times  for  catching 
'em  ;  the  French  people  eats  'era.  They  boils  'em 
first  to  get  'em  out  of  the  shell  and  get  rid  of 
the  green  froth ;  then  they  boils  them  again,  and 
after  that  in  vinegar.  They  eats  'em  hot,  but 
some  of  the  foreigners  likes  'em  cold.  They  say 
they  're  better,  if  possible,  than  whelks.  I  used 
to  sell  a  great  many  to  a  lady  and  gentleman 
in  Soho-square,  and  to  many  of  the  French  I  sell 
Is.'s  worth,  that 's  about  three  or  four  quarts. 
Some  persons  buys  snails  for  birds,  and  some  to 
strengthen  a  sickly  child's  back;  they  rub  the 
back  all  over  with  the  snails,  and  a  very  good 
thing  they  tell  me  it  is.  I  used  to  take  2s.'8  worth 
a  week  to  one  woman  ;  it 's  the  green  froth  that 
does  the  greatest  good.  There  are  two  more 
birds'-nest  sellers  besides  myself,  they  don't  do  as 
many  as  me  the  two  of  'em.  They  're  very  naked, 
their  things  is  all  to  ribbins ;  they  only  go  into 
the  country  once  in  a  fortnight.  They  was  never 
nothing,  no  trade — they  never  was  in  place — from 
what  I  've  heard — either  of  them.  I  reckon  I  sell 
about  20  nestles  a  week  take  one  week  with 
another,  and  that  I  do  for  four  months  in  the  year. 
(This  altogether  makes  320  nests.)  Yes,  I  should 
say,  I  do  sell  about  300  birds'-nests  every  year, 
and  the  other  two,  I  'm  sure,  don't  sell  half  that. 
Indeed  they  don't  want  to  sell ;  they  does  better 
by  what  they  gets  give  to  them.  I  can't  say 
what  they  takes,  they  're  Irish,  and  I  never  was  in 
conversation  with  them.  I  get  about  4s.  to  5s. 
for  the  20  nests,  that  's  between  2d.  and  Zd. 
apiece.  I  sell  about  a  couple  of  snakes  every 
week,  and  for  some  of  them  I  get  Is.,  and 
for  the  big  ones  2s.  6d. ;  but  them  I  seldom 
find.     I  've  only  had  three  hedgehogs  this  season, 


and  I  've  done  a  little  in  snails  and  frogs,  perhaps 
about  Is.  The  many  foreigners  in  London  this 
season  hasn't  done  me  no  good.  I  haven't  been  to 
Leicester-square  lately,  or  perhaps  I  might  have 
got  a  large  order  or  two  for  frogs." 

Life  op  a  Bird's-Nest  Seller. 
"  I  am  22  years  of  age.  My  father  was  a  dyer, 
and  I  Avas  brought  up  to  the  same  trade.  My 
father  lived  at  Arundel,  in  Sussex,  and  kept  a 
shop  there.  He  had  a  good  business  as  dyer, 
scourer,  calico  glazer,  and  furniture  cleaner.  I 
have  heard  mother  say  his  business  in  Arun- 
del brought  him  in  300^.  a  year  at  least.  He  had 
eight  men  in  his  employ,  and  none  under  30s.  a 
Aveek.  I  had  two  brothers  and  one  sister,  but 
one  of  my  brothers  is  since  dead.  Mother  died 
five  years  ago  in  the  Consumption  Hospital, 
at  Chelsea,  just  after  it  was  built.  I  was  very 
young  indeed  when  father  died ;  I  can  hardly 
remember  him.  He  died  in  Middlesex  Hospital : 
he  had  abscesses  all  over  him ;  there  were  six-and- 
thirty  at  the  time  of  his  death.  I  've  heard 
mother  say  many  times  that  she  thinked  it  was 
through  exerting  himself  too  much  at  his  business 
that  he  fell  ill.  The  ruin  of  father  was  owing 
to  his  house  being  burnt  down  ;  the  fire  broke  out 
at  two  in  the  morning ;  he  wasn't  insured  :  I 
don't  remember  the  fire  ;  I  've  only  heerd  mother 
talk  about  it.  It  was  the  ruin  of  us  all  she  used 
to  tell  me ;  father  had  so  much  work  belonging  to 
other  people ;  a  deal  of  moreen  curtains,  five  or 
six  hundred  yards.  It  was  of  no  use  his  trying 
to  start  again  :  he  lost  all  his  glazing  machines 
and  tubs,  and  his  drugs  and  '  punches.'  From 
what  I  've  heerd  from  mother  they  was  worth 
some  hundreds.  The  Duke  of  Norfolk,  after  the 
fire,  gave  a  good  lot  of  money  to  the  poor  people 
whose  things  father  had  to  clean,  and  father  him- 
self came  up  to  London.  I  wasn't  two  year  old 
when  that  happened.  We  all  come  up  with  father, 
and  he  opened  a  shop  in  London  and  bought  all 
new  things.  He  had  got  a  bit  of  money  left, 
and  mother's  uncle  lent  him  60^.  We  lived  two 
doors  from  the  stage  door  of  the  Queen's  Theatre, 
in  Pitt- street,  Charlotte-street,  Fitzroy-square ; 
but  father  didn't  do  much  in  London  ;  he  had  a 
new  connection  to  make,  and  when  he  died  his 
things  was  sold  for  the  rent  of  the  house.  There 
was  only  money  enough  to  bury  him.  I  don't 
know  how  long  ago  that  was,  but  I  think  it  was 
about  three  years  after  our  coming  to  London,  for 
I  've  heerd  mother  say  I  was  six  years  old  when 
father  died.  After  father's  death  mother  borrowed 
some  more  money  of  her  uncle,  who  was  well  to 
do.  He  was  perfumer  to  her  Majesty  :  he  's  dead 
now,  and  left  the  business  to  his  foreman.  The 
business  was  worth  2000i.  His  wife,  my  mother's 
aunt,  is  alive  still,  and  though  she  's  a  woman  of 
large  property,  she  won't  so  much  as  look  at  me. 
She  keeps  her  carriage  and  two  footmen  ;  her 
address  is,  Mrs.  Lewis,  No.  10,  Porchester-ter- 
race,  Bayswater.  I  have  been  in  her  draw- 
ing-room two  or  three  times,  I  used  to  take 
letters  to  her  from  mother :  she  was  very  kind 
to  me  then,  and  give  me  several  half-crowns.    She 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


75 


knows  the  state  I  am  in  now.  A  young  man 
wrote  a  letter  to  her,  saying  I  had  no  clothes  to 
look  after  work  in,  and  that  I  was  near  sUirving, 
but  she  sent  no  answer  to  it.  The  last  time  I 
called  at  her  house  she  sent  me  down  nothing, 
and  bid  the  servant  tell  me  not  to  come  any  more. 
Ever  since  I  've  wanted  it  I  've  never  had  nothing 
from  her,  but  before  that  she  used  to  give  me 
something  whenever  I  took  a  letter  from  mother 
to  her.  The  last  half-crown  I  got  at  her  house 
was  from  the  cook,  who  gave  it  me  out  of  her 
own  money  because  she  'd  known  my  mother. 

"  I  've  got  a  grandmother  living  in  Woburn- 
place;  she's  in  service  there,  and  been  in  the 
fiimily  for  twenty  years.  The  gentleman  died 
lately  and  left  her  half  his  properly.  He  was  a 
foreigner  and  had  no  relations  here.  My  grand- 
mother used  to  be  very  good  to  me,  and  when  I 
first  got  out  of  work  she  always  gave  me  some- 
thing when  I  called,  and  had  me  down  in  her 
room.  She  was  housekeeper  then.  She  never 
oflFered  to  get  me  a  situation,  but  only  gave  me  a 
meal  of  victuals  and  a  shilling  or  eighteen-pence 
whenever  I  called.  I  was  tidy  in  my  dress 
then.  At  last  a  new  footman  came,  and  he  told 
me  as  I  wasn't  to  call  again ;  he  said,  the  family 
didn't  allow  no  followers.  I  *ve  never  seen  my 
grandmother  since  that  time  but  once,  and  then  I 
was  passing  with  my  basket  of  birds'  nests  in  my 
hand  just  as  she  was  coming  out  of  the  door.  I  was 
dressed  about  the  same  then  as  you  seed  me  yester- 
day. I  was  without  a  shirt  to  my  back.  I  don't 
think  she  saw  me,  and  I  was  ashamed  to  let  her  see 
me  as  I  was.  She  was  kind  enough  to  me,  that  is, 
she  wouldn't  mind  about  giving  me  a  shilling  or  so 
at  a  time,  but  she  never  would  do  nothing  else  for 
me,  and  yet  she  had  got  plenty  of  money  in  the 
bank,  and  a  gold  watch,  and  all,  at  her  side. 

After  father  died,  as  I  was  saying,  mother 
got  some  money  from  her  uncle  and  set  up  on  her 
own  account ;  she  took  in  glazing  for  the  trade. 
Father  had  a  few  shops  that  he  worked  for,  and 
they  employed  mother  after  his  death.  She  kept 
on  at  this  for  eighteen  months  and  then  she  got 
married  again.  Before  this  an  uncle  of  mine,  my 
father's  brother,  who  kept  some  lime-kilns  down 
in  Bury  St.  Edmunds,  consented  to  take  my 
brother  and  sister  and  provide  for  them,  and  four 
or  five  year  ago  he  got  them  both  into  the  Duke 
of  Norfolk's  service,  and  there  they  are  now. 
They're  nerer  seen  me  since  I  was  a  child  but  once, 
and  that  wa«  a  few  year  ago.  I  've  never  sent 
to  thera  to  say  how  badly  I  was  off.  They  're 
younger  than  I  am,  and  can  only  just  take  care  of 
theirselves.  When  mother  mjirried  again,  her 
husband  came  to  live  at  the  hoiue ;  he  was  a  dyer. 
He  behaved  Tery  well  to  me.  Mother  wouldn'i 
tend  me  down  to  uncle's,  the  was  too  fond  of  me. 
I  wat  tent  to  school  for  about  eighteen  months, 
and  after  that  I  used  to  ntsist  in  the  glazing  at 
home,  and  to  I  went  on  very  comfortable  fur  tome 
time.  Nine  year  ago  I  went  to  work  at  a  French 
dyer's,  in  Uathbone- place.  My  itep-fiither  got  me 
there,  and  there  I  ttopped  six  year.  I  lived  in 
the  boote  after  the  first  eighteen  months  of  my 
terrice.    Five  yew  ago  mother  fell  ill ;  the  bad 


been  ailing  many  years,  and  she  got  admitted  into 
the  Consumption  Hospital,  at  Brompton.  She  was 
there  just  upon  three  months  and  was  coming  out 
the  next  day  (her  term  was  up),  when  she  died 
on  the  over  night.  After  that  my  step-father 
altered  very  much  towards  me.  He  didn't  want 
me  at  home  at  all.  He  told  me  so  a  fortnight 
after  mother  was  in  her  grave.  He  took  to 
drinking  very  hearty  directly  she  was  gone.  He 
would  do  anytliing  for  me  before  that.  He  used 
to  take  me  with  him  to  every  place  of  amusement 
what  he  went  to,  but  when  he  took  to  drinking 
he  quite  changed  ;  then  he  got  to  beat  me,  and  at 
last  he  told  me  I  needn't  come  there  any  more. 

"  After  that,  I  still  kept  working  in  Rathbone- 
place,  and  got  a  lodging  of  my  own ;  I  used  to  have 
9*.  a  week  where  I  was,  and  I  paid  2s.  a  week  for 
my  bed,  and  washing,  and  mending.  I  had  half  a 
room  with  a  man  and  his  wife ;  I  went  on  so  for 
about  two  years,  and  then  I  was  took  bad  with  the 
scarlet  fever  and  went  to  Gray's-inn-lane  hospital. 
After  I  was  cured  of  the  scarlet  fever,  I  had  the 
brain  fever,  and  was  near  my  death;  I  was  alto- 
gether eight  weeks  in  the  hospital,  and  when  I 
come  out  I  could  get  no  work  where  I  had  been 
before.  The  master's  nephew  had  come  from 
Paris,  and  they  had  all  French  hands  in  the  house. 
He  wouldn't  employ  an  English  hand  at  all. 
He  give  me  a  trifle  of  money,  and  told  me  he 
would  pay  my  lodgings  for  a  week  or  two  while  I 
looked  for  work.  I  sought  all  about  and  couldn't 
find  any  ;  this  was  about  three  year  ago.  People 
wouldn't  have  me  because  I  didn't  know  nothing 
about  the  English  mode  of  business.  I  couldn't 
even  tell  the  names  of  the  English  drugs,  having 
been  brought  up  in  a  French  house.  At  last,  my 
master  got  tired  of  paying  for  my  lodging,  and  1 
used  to  try  and  pick  up  a  few  pence  in  the  streets 
by  carrying  boxes  and  holding  horses,  it  was  all 
as  I  could  get  to  do  ;  1  tried  all  I  could  to  find 
employment,  and  they  was  the  only  jobs  I  could 
get.  But  I  couldn't  make  enough  for  my  lodging 
this  way,  and  over  and  over  again  I  've  had  to 
sleep  out.  Then  I  used  to  walk  the  streets  most 
of  the  night,  or  lie  about  in  the  markets  till 
morning  came  in  the  hopes  of  getting  a  job. 
I  'm  a  very  little  cater,  and  perhaps  that 's  the 
luckiest  thing  for  such  as  me;  half  a  pound  of 
bread  and  a  few  potatoes  will  do  me  for  the  day. 
If  I  could  afford  it,  I  used  to  get  a  ha'porth 
of  coffee  and  a  ha'porth  of  sugar,  and  make  it  do 
twice.  Sometimes  I  used  to  have  victuals  give  to 
me,  sometimes  I  went  without  altogether;  and 
sometimes  I  couldn't  eat.     I  can't  always. 

"Six  weeks  after  I  had  been  knocking  about  in 
the  streets  in  the  manner  I  've  told  you,  a  man  I 
met  in  Covent-Gardeu  market  told  me  he  wat 
going  into  the  country  to  get  some  roots  (it  wat 
in  the  winter  time  and  cold  indeed ;  I  wat 
dressed  about  the  tame  at  I  am  now,  only  I  had 
a  pair  of  boots) ;  and  he  taid  if  I  chose  to  go 
with  him,  he  'd  give  me  half  of  whatever  he 
earned.  I  went  to  Croydon  and  got  tome  prim- 
roses; my  share  came  to  9d.,  and  that  wat  quite  a 
God-send  to  me,  after  getting  nothing.  Sometimes 
before  that  I'd  been  two  dayt  without  tattbg 


76 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


anything;  and  when  I  got  some  victuals  after 
that,  I  couldn't  touch  them.  All  I  felt  was  giddy; 
I  wasn't  to  say  hungry,  only  weak  and  sicklified. 
I  went  with  this  mnn  after  the  roots  two  or  three 
times ;  he  took  me  to  oblige  me,  and  show  me 
the  way  how  to  get  a  bit  of  food  for  myself;  after 
that,  when  I  got  to  know  all  about  it,  I  went  to 
get  roots  on  my  own  account.  I  never  felt  a 
wish  to  take  nothing  when  I  was  very  hard  up. 
Sometimes  when  I  got  cold  and  was  tired,  walk- 
ing about  and  weak  from  not  having  had  nothing  to 
eat,  I  used  to  think  I  'd  break  a  window  and  take 
something  out  to  get  locked  up ;  but  I  could 
never  make  my  mind  up  to  it;  they  never  hurt 
me,  I  'd  say  to  myself.  1  do  fancy  though,  if 
anybody  had  refused  me  a  bit  of  bread,  I  should 
have  done  something  again  them,  but  I  couldn't, 
do  you  see,  in  cold  blood  like. 

"  When  the  summer  came  round  a  gentleman 
whom  I  seed  in  the  market  asked  me  if  I  'd  get 
him  half  a  dozen  nestles — he  didn't  mind  what 
they  was,  so  long  as  they  was  small,  and  of  dif- 
ferent kinds — and  as  I  'd  come  across  a  many  in 
my  trips  after  the  flowers,  I  told  him  I  would  do 
so — and  that  first  put  it  into  my  head  ;  and  I  've 
been  doing  that  every  summer  since  then.  It 's 
poor  work,  though,  at  the  best.  Often  and  often 
I  have  to  walk  30  miles  out  without  any  victuals 
to  take  with  me,  or  money  to  get  any,  and  30 
miles  again  back,  and  bring  with  me  about  a 
dozen  nestles ;  and,  perhaps,  if  I  'd  no  order  for 
them,  and  was  forced  to  sell  them  to  the  boys,  I 
shouldn't  get  more  than  a  shilling  for  the  lot  after 
all.  When  the  time  comes  round  for  it,  I  go 
Christmasing  and  getting  holly,  but  that's  more 
dangerous  work  than  bird-nesting;  the  farmers 
don't  mind  your  taking  the  nestles,  as  it  prevents 
the  young  birds  from  growing  up  and  eating  their 
corn.  The  greater  part  of  the  holly  used  in  Lon- 
don for  trimming  up  the  churches  and  sticking  in 
the  puddings,  is  stolen  by  such  as  me,  at  the  risk 
of  getting  six  months  for  it.  The  farmers  brings 
a  good  lot  to  market,  but  we  is  obligated  to  steal 
it.  Take  one  week  with  another,  I  'm  sure  I 
don't  make  above  os.  You  can  tell  that  to  look 
at  me.  I  don't  drink,  and  I  don't  gamble  ;  so 
you  can  judge  how  much  I  get  when  I  've  had  to 
pawn  my  shirt  for  a  meal.  All  last  week  I  only 
sold  two  nestles — they  was  a  partridge's  and  a 
yellow-hammer's:  for  one  I  got  hd.,  and  the  other 
Zd.,  and  I  had  been  thirteen  miles  to  get  them. 
I  got  beside  that  a  fourpenny  piece  for  some 
chickweed  which  I'd  been  up  to  Highgate  to 
gather  for  a  man  with  a  bad  leg  (it's  the  best 
thing  there  is  for  a  poultice  to  a  wound),  and  then 
I  earned  another  4c/.  by  some  mash  (marsh)  mal- 
low leaves  (that  there  was  to  purify  the  blood  of 
a  poor  woman)  :  that,  with  Ad.  that  a  gentleman 
give  to  me,  was  all  I  got  last  week  ;  Is.  9c/.  I  think 
it  is  altogether.  I  had  some  victuals  give  to  me  in 
the  street,  or  else  I  daresay  I  should  have  had  to 
go  without ;  but,  as  it  was,  I  gave  the  money  to 
the  man  and  his  wife  I  live  with.  You  see  they 
had  nothing,  and  as  they  're  good  to  me  when  I 
want,  why,  I  did  what  I  could  for  them.  I  've 
tried  to  get  out  of  my  present  life,  but  there 


seems  to  be  an  ill  luck  again  me.  Sometimes  I 
gets  a  good  turn.  A  gentleman  gives  me  an 
order,  and  then  I  saves  a  shilling  or  eighteen- 
pence,  so  as  to  buy  something  with  that  I  can  sell 
again  in  the  streets ;  but  a  wet  day  is  sure  to 
come,  and  then  I  'm  cracked  up,  obligated  to  eat 
it  all  away.  Once  I  got  to  sell  fish.  A  gentle- 
man give  me  a  crown-piece  in  the  street,  and  I 
borrowed  a  barrow  at  2d.  a  day,  and  did  pietty 
well  for  a  time.  In  three  weeks  I  had  saved 
I85. ;  then  I  got  an  order  for  a  sack  of  moss 
from  one  of  the  flower-sellers,  and  I  went  down 
to  Chelmsford,  and  stopped  for  the  night  in 
Lower  Nelson-street,  at  the  sign  of  "  The  Three 
Queens."  I  had  my  money  safe  in  my  fob  the 
night  be'fore,  and  a  good  pair  of  boots  to  my  feet 
then ;  when  I  woke  in  the  morning  my  boots  was 
gone,  and  on  feeling  in  my  fob  my  money  was 
gone  too.  There  was  four  beds  in  the  rooms, 
feather  and  flock ;  the  feather  ones  was  id.,  and 
the  flock  Zd.  for  a  single  one,  and  2^d.  each 
person  for  a  double  one.  There  was  six  people 
in  the  room  that  night,  and  one  of  'em  was  gone 
before  I  awoke — he  was  a  cadger — and  had  took 
my  money  with  him.  I  complained  to  the  land- 
lord— they  call  him  Greorge — but  it  was  no  good  ; 
all  I  could  get  was  some  victuals.  So  I  've  been 
obliged  to  keep  to  birds'-nesting  ever  since. 

"  I  've  never  been  in  prison  but  once.  I  was  took 
up  for  begging.  I  was  merely  leaning  again  the 
railings  of  Tavistock-square  with  my  birds'-nesties 
in  my  hand,  and  the  policemen  took  me  otf  to 
Clerkenwell,  but  the  magistrates,  instead  of  send- 
ing me  to  prison,  gave  me  2?.  out  of  the  poors'- 
box.  I  feel  it  very  much  going  about  without 
shoes  or  without  shirt,  and  exposed  to  all  wea- 
thers, and  often  out  all  night.  The  doctor  at 
the  hospital  in  Gray's-inn-lane  gave  me  two 
flannels,  and  told  me  that  whatever  I  did  I  was 
to  keep  myself  wrapped  up ;  but  what 's  the  use 
of  saying  that  to  such  as  me  who  is  obligated  to 
pawn  the  shirt  off  our  back  for  food  the  first  wet 
day  as  comes  ]  If  you  haven't  got  money  to  pay 
for  your  bed  at  a  lodging-house,  you  must  take 
the  shirt  off  your  back  and  leave  it  with  them,  or 
else  they  '11  turn  you  out.  I  know  many  such. 
Sometimes  I  go  to  an  artist.  I  had  bs.  when  I  was 
d rawed  before  the  Queen.  I  wasn't  'xactly 
drawed  before  her,  but  my  portrait  was  shown  to 
her,  and  I  was  told  that  if  I  'd  be  there  I  might 
receive  a  trifle.  I  was  drawed  as  a  gipsy 
fiddler.  Mr.  Oakley  in  Regent-street  was  the 
gentleman  as  did  it.  I  was  dressed  in  some  things 
he  got  for  me.  I  had  an  Italian's  hat,  one  with 
a  broad  brim  and  a  peaked  crown,  a  red  plush 
waistcoat,  and  a  yellow  hankercher  tied  in  a  good 
many  knots  round  my  neck.  I  'd  a  black  velveteen 
Newmarket-cut  coat,  Avith  very  large  pearl  but- 
tons, and  a  pair  of  black  knee-breeches  tied  with 
fine  red  strings.  Then  I  'd  blue  stripe  stockings 
and  high-ancle  boots  with  very  thin  soles.  I  'd  a 
fiddle  in  one  hand  and  a  bow  in  the  other.  The 
gentleman  said  he  drawed  me  for  my  head  of  hair. 
I've  never  been  a  gipsy,  but  he  told  me  he 
didn't  mind  that,  for  I  should  make  as  good  a 
gipsy  fiddler    as    the  real  thing.      The    artists 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


77 


mostly  give  me  2s.  I  've  only  been  three  times. 
I  only  wish  I  could  get  away  from  my  present 
life.  Indeed  I  would  do  any  work  if  I  could  get 
it.  I  *m  sure  I  could  have  a  good  character  from 
my  masters  in  Rathbone-place,  for  I  never  done 
nothing  wrong.  But  if  I  couldn't  get  work  I 
might  very  well,  if  I  'd  money  enough,  get  a 
few  flowers  to  sell.  As  it  is  it 's  more  than  any  one 
can  do  to  save  at  bird-nesting,  and  I  'm  sure  I  'm 
as  prudent  as  e'er  a  one  in  the  streets.  I  never 
took  the  pledge,  but  still  I  never  take  no  beer  nor 
spirits— I  never  did.  Mother  told  me  never  to 
touch  'em,  and  I  haven't  tasted  a  drop.  I  've 
often  been  in  a  public-house  selling  my  things,  and 
people  has  oflfered  me  sometliing  to  drink,  but  I 
never  touch  any.  I  can't  tell  why  I  dislike  doing  so 
— but  something  seems  to  tell  me  not  to  taste  such 
stuff.  I  don't  know  whether  it 's  what  my  mother 
said  to  me.  I  know  I  was  very  fond  of  her,  but 
I  don't  say  it 's  that  altogether  as  makes  me  do  it. 
I  don't  feel  to  want  it.  I  smoke  a  good  bit, 
and  would  sooner  have  a  bit  of  baccy  than  a 
meal  at  any  time.  I  could  get  a  goodish  rig- 
out  in  the  lane  for  a  few  shillings.  A  pair  of 
boots  would  cost  me  2s.,  and  a  coat  I  could  get 
for  2s.  6d.  I  go  to  a  ragged  school  three  times  a 
week  if  I  can,  for  I  'm  but  a  poor  scholar  still,  and 
I  should  like  to  know  how  to  read ;  it 's  always 
handy  you  know,  sir." 

This  lad  has  been  supplied  with  a  suit  of 
clothes  and  sufficient  money  to  start  him  in  some 
of  the  better  kind  of  street-trades.  It  was  thought 
advisable  not  to  put  him  to  any  more  settled  occu- 
pation on  account  of  the  vagrant  habits  he  has 
necessarily  acquired  during  his  bird-nesting  career. 
Before  doing  this  he  was  employed  as  errand-boy 
for  a  week,  with  the  object  of  testing  his  trust- 
worthiness, and  was  found  both  honest  and  atten- 
tive. He  appears  a  prudent  lad,  but  of  course  it 
is  diffictilt,  as  yet,  to  speak  positively  as  to  his 
character.  He  has,  however,  been  assured  that  if 
he  shows  a  disposition  to  follow  some  more  re- 
putable calling  he  shall  at  least  be  put  in  the  way 
of  so  doing. 

Or  TBB  Stkskt-Sbu.eb8  of  Squirrels. 

The  street  squirrel-sellers  are  generally  the  same 
men  as  are  engaged  in  the  open-air  traffic  in  c.ige- 
birds.  There  are,  however,  about  six  men  who 
devote  themselves  more  particularly  to  squirrel- 
selling,  while  as  many  more  sometimes  "  take  a 
turn  at  it."  The  squirrel  is  usually  carried  in 
the  vendor's  arms,  or  is  held  against  the  front  of 
hi«  coat,  so  that  the  animal's  long  bushy  tail  is 
■een  to  advantage.  There  is  usuiilly  a  red  leather 
collar  round  it«  neck,  to  which  is  attached  some 
•lender  string,  but  so  contrived  that  the  squirrel 
shall  not  appear  to  be  a  prisoner,  nor  in  general — 
although  perhaps  the  hawker  became  possessed 
of  his  squirrel  only  that  morning— does  the  animal 
•bow  any  symptoms  of  fear. 

The  chief  places  in  which  squirrels  are  offered 
for  sale,  are  Biegent-street  and  the  Royal  Bxchange, 
but  ther  are  offered  also  in  all  the  principal 
thoroighfow    etpeeially  at  the  West  Bnd.    The 


I  purchasers  are  gentlefolk,  tradespeople,  and  a  few 
I  of  the  Avorking  classes  who  are  fond  of  animals. 
I  The  wealthier  persons  usually  buy  the  squirrels 
;  for  their  children,  and,  even  after  the  free  life  of 
;  the  woods,  the  animal  seems  happy  enough  in  the 
I  revolving  cage,  in  which  it  "  thinks  it  climbs." 
I       The  prices  charged  are  from  2s.  to  5s.,  "  or  more 
if  it  can  be  got, "  from  a  third  to  a  half  being  profit. 
i  The  sellers  will  oft  enough  state,  if  questioned, 
j  that  they  caught  the  squirrels  in  Epping  Forest, 
or    Caen    Wood,    or   any  place    sufficiently  near 
London,  but  such  is  hardly  ever  the  case,  for  the 
squirrels  are  bought  by  them  of  the  dealers  in  live 
animals.     Countrymen  will  sometimes  catch  a  few 
squirrels  and  bring  them  to   London,  and   nine 
times    out    of  ten    they  sell    them  to  the  shop- 
keepers.     To  sell  three  squirrels  a  day  in  the 
street  is  accounted  good  work. 

I  am  assured  by  the  best-informed  parties  that 
for  five  months  of  the  year  there  are  20  men 
selling  squirrels  in  the  streets,  at  from  20  to  60 
per  cent,  profit,  and  that  they  average  a  weekly 
sale  of  six  each.  The  average  price  is  from  2s.  to 
2s.  6d.,  although  not  very  long  ago  one  man  sold 
a  "  wonderfully  fine  squirrel "  in  the  street  for 
three  half-crowns,  but  they  are  sometimes  parted 
with  for  Is.  6d.  or  less,  rather  than  be  kept  over- 
night. Thus  2400  squirrels  are  vended  yearly  in 
the  streets,  at  a  cost  to  the  public  of  240/. 

Op  thk  Strebt-Sbllers  of  LEVBRBts,  Wild 
Rabbits,  etc. 

There  are  a  few  leverets,  or  young  hares,  »old  in 
the  streets,  and  they  are  vended  for  the  most  part 
in  the  suburbs,  where  the  houses  are  somewhat 
detached,  and  where  there  are  plenty  of  gardens. 
The  softness  and  gentleness  of  the  leveret's  look 
pleases  children,  more  especially  girls,  I  am  in- 
formed, and  it  is  usually  through  their  importu- 
nity that  the  young  hares  are  bought,  in  order 
that  they  may  be  fed  from  the  garden,  and  run 
tame  about  an  out- house.  The  leverets  thus 
sold,  however,  as  regards  nine  out  of  ten, 
soon  die.  They  are  rarely  supplied  with  their 
natural  food,  and  all  their  natural  habits  are 
interrupted.  Threy  are  in  constant  fear  and  dan- 
ger, moreover,  from  both  dogs  and  cats.  One 
shopkeeper  who  sold  fancy  rabbits  in  a  street  off 
the  Westminster-road  told  me  that  he  had  once 
tried  to  tame  and  rear  leverets  in  hutches,  as  he 
did  rabbits,  but  to  no  purpose.  He  had  no  doubt 
it  might  be  done,  he  said,  but  not  in  a  shop  or  a 
small  house.  Three  or  four  leverets  are  hawked 
by  the  street- people  in  one  basket  and  are  seen 
lying  on  hay,  the  basket  having  either  a  wide- 
worked  lid,  or  a  net  thrown  over  it  The  hawkers 
of  live  poultry  sell  the  most  leverets,  but  they  are 
vended  also  by  the  ainging-bird  sellers.  The 
animals  are  nearly  all  bought,  for  this  traffic,  at 
Leadenhall,  and  are  retailed  at  Is.  to  2*.  each, 
one-third  to  one  half  being  profit.  Perhaps  800 
are  sold  this  way  yearly,  producing  221.  10#. 

About  400  young  wild  rabbiu  are  sold  in  the 
street  in  a  similar  way,  but  at  lower  suma,  from 
Sd.  to  6d.  each,  id.  being  the  mott  frequent  rate. 


78 


LOiVDOy  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  yearly  outlay  is  thns  61.  IZs.     They  thrive, 
in  confinement,  no  better  than  the  leverets. 

Of  the  Street-Sellers  op  Gold  and 
Silver  Fish. 
Of  these  dealers,  residents  in  London,  there  are 
about  70  ;  but  during  my  inquiry  (at  tlie  begin- 
ning of  July)  there  were  not  20  in  town.  One 
of  their  body  knew  of  ten  who  were  at  work  live- 
fish  selling,  and  there  might  be  as  many  more, 
he  thought,  "working"  the  remoter  suburbs  of 
Blackheath,  Croydon,  Richmond,  Twickenham, 
Isleworth,  or  wherever  there  are  villa  re- 
sidences of  the  wealthy.  This  is  the  season  when 
the  gold  and  silver  fish-sellers,  who  are  altogether 
a  distinct  class  from  the  bird-sellers  of  the  streets, 
resort  to  the  country,  to  vend  their  glass  globes, 
with  the  glittering  fish  swimming  ceaselessly 
round  and  round.  The  gold  fish-hawkers  are, 
for  the  rjibst  part,  of  the  very  best  class  of  the 
street-sellers.  One  of  the  principal  fish-sellers  is 
in  winter  a  street-vendor  of  cough  drops,  hore- 
hound  cand}'-,  coltsfoot-sticks,  and  other  medicinal 
confectionaries,  which  he  himself  manufactures. 
Another  leading  gold-fish  seller  is  a  costermonger 
now  "on  pine  apples."  A  third,  "  with  a  good 
connection  among  the  innkeepers,"  is  in  the 
autumn  and  winter  a  hawker  of  game  and 
poultry. 

There  are  in  London  three  wholesale  dealers  in 
gold  and  silver  fish ;  two  of  whom — one  in  the 
Kingsland-road  and  the  other  close  by  Billings- 
gate— supply  more  especially  the  street-sellers, 
and  the  street-traffic  is  considerable.  Gold  fish 
is  one  of  the  things  which  people  buy  when 
brought  to  their  doors,  but  which  they  seldom 
care  to  "order."  The  importunity  of  children 
when  a  man  unexpectedly  tempts  them  with  a 
display  of  such  brilliant  creatures  as  gold  fish,  is 
another  great  promotive  of  the  street-trade  ;  and 
the  street-traders  are  the  best  customers  of  the 
wholesale  purveyors,  buying  somewhere  about 
three-fourths  of  their  whole  stock.  The  dealers 
keep  their  fish  in  tanks  suited  to  the  purpose,  but 
goldfish  are  never  bred  in  London.  The  English- 
reared  gold  fish  are  "raised"  for  the  most  part,  as 
respects  the  London  market,  in  several  places  in 
Essex.  In  some  parts  they  are  bred  in  warm 
ponds,  the  water  being  heated  by  the  steam  from 
adjacent  machinery,  and  in  some  places  they  are 
found  to  thrive  well.  Some  are  imported  from 
France,  Holland,  and  Belgium ;  some  are  brought 
from  the  Indies,  and  are  usually  sold  to  the 
dealers  to  improve  their  breed,  which  every 
now  and  then,  I  was  told,  "  required  a  foreign 
mixture,  or  they  didn't  keep  up  their  colour." 
The  Indian  and  foreign  fish,  however,  are  also 
sold  in  the  streets ;  the  dealers,  or  rather  the 
Essex  breeders,  who  are  often  in  London, 
have  "just  the  pick  of  them,"  usually  through 
the  agency  of  their  town  customers.  The  English- 
reared  gold  fish  are  not  much  short  of  three- 
fourths  of  the  whole  supply,  as  the  importation 
of  these  fishes  is  troublesome ;  and  unless  they 
are  sent  under  the  care  of  a  competent  person,  or 
unless  the  master  or  steward  of  a  vessel  is  made 


to  incur  a  share  in  the  venture,  by  being  paid 
80  much  freight-money  for  as  many  gold  and 
silver  fishes  as  are  landed  in  good  health,  and 
nothing  for  the  dead  or  dying,  it  is  very  hazardous 
sending  them  on  shipboard  at  all,  as  in  case  of 
neglect  they  may  all  die  during  the  voyage. 

The  gold  and  silver  fish  are  of  the  carp  species, 
and  are  natives  of  China,  but  they  were  first  in- 
troduced into  this  country  from  Portugal  about 
1690.  Some  are  still  brought  from  Portugal. 
They  have  been  common  in  England  for  about  120 
years. 

These  fish  are  known  in  the  street-trade  as 
"globe"  and  "pond"  fish.  The  distinction  is 
not  one  of  species,  nor  even  of  the  "variety"  of  a 
species,  but  merely  a  distinction  of  size.  The 
larger  fish  are  "pond;"  the  smaller,  "globe." 
But  the  difference  on  which  the  street-sellers 
principally  dwell  is  that  the  pond  fish  are  far 
more  troublesome  to  keep  by  them  in  a  "slack 
time,"  as  they  must  be  fed  and  tended  most 
sedulously.  Their  food  is  stale  bread  or  biscuit. 
The  "  globe"  fish  are  not  fed  at  all  by  the  street- 
dealer,  as  the  animalcules  and  the  minute  insects 
in  the  water  suffice  for  their  food.  Soft,  rain,  or 
sometimes  Thames  water,  is  used  for  the  filling  of 
the  globe  containing  a  street-seller's  gold  fish,  the 
water  being  changed  twice  a  day,  at  a  public- 
house  or  elsewhere,  when  the  hawker  is  on  a' 
round.  Spring-water  is  usually  rejected,  as  the 
soft  water  contains  "  more  feed."  One  man,  how- 
ever, told  me  he  had  recourse  to  the  street-pumps 
for  a  renewal  of  water,  twice,  or  occasionally 
thrice  a  day,  when  the  weather  was  sultr\' ;  but 
spring  or  well  water  "  wouldn't  do  at  all."  He 
was  quite  unconscious  that  he  was  using  it  from 
the  pump. 

The  wholesale  price  of  these  fish  ranges  from 
5s.  to  ISs.  per  dozen,  with  a  higher  charge  for 
"  picked  fish,"  when  high  prices  must  be  paid. 
The  cost  of  "large  silvers,"  for  instance,  which  are 
scarcer  than  "  large  golds,"  so  I  heard  them  called, 
is  sometimes  5s.  apiece,  even  to  a  retailer,  and 
rarely  less  than  3s.  6d.  The  most  frequent  price, 
retail  from  the  hawker — for  almost  all  the  fish 
are  hawked,  but  only  there,  I  presume,  for  a  tem- 
porary purpose — is  2s.  the  pair.  The  gold  fish 
are  now  always  hawked  in  glass  globes,  con- 
taining about  a  dozen  occupants,  within  a  diameter 
of  twelve  inches.  These  globes  are  sold  by  the 
hawker,  or,  if  ordered,  supplied  by  him  on  his 
next  round  that  way,  the  pi  ice  being  about 
2s.  Glass  globes,  for  the  display  of  gold  fish, 
are  indeed  manufactured  at  from  6d.  to  IZ.  10s. 
each,  but  2s.  or  2s.  6cl.  is  the  usual  limit  to 
the  price  of  those  vended  in  the  street.  The 
fish  are  lifted  out  of  the  water  in  the  globe  to  con- 
sign to  a  purchaser,  by  being  caught  in  a  neat  net, 
of  fine  and  different-coloured  cordage,  always 
carried  by  the  hawker,  and  manufactured -for  the 
trade  at  2s.  the  dozen.  Neat  bandies  for  these 
nets,  of  stained  or  plain  wood,  are  Is.  the  dozen. 
The  dealers  avoid  touching  the  fish  with  their 
hands.  Both  gold  fish  and  glass  globes  are  much 
cheaper  than  they  were  ten  years  ago ;  the  globes 
are  cheaper,  of  course,  since  the  alteration  in  the 


Loynoy  labour  and  the  London  poor. 


•9 


tax  on  glass,  and  the  street-sellers  are,  numerically, 
nearly  double  what  they  were. 

From  a  well-looking  and  well-spoken  youth  of 
21  or  22,  I  had  the  foliowiiig  account.  He  was 
the  son,  and  grandson,  of  costennongers,  but  was 
— perhaps,  in  consequence  of  his  gold-fish  selling 
lying  among  a  class  not  usually  the  costermongera' 
customers—  of  more  refined  manners  than  the  gene- 
rality of  the  costers'  children. 

"  I  've  been  in  the  streets,  sir,"  he  said,  "  help- 
ing my  father,  until  I  was  old  enough  to  sell  on 
my  own  account,  since  I  was  six  years  old.  Yes, 
I  like  a  street  life,  I'll  tell  yoxt,  the  plain,  truth, 
for  I  vasptU  by  my  father  to  a  paperstainei',  and 
found  I  couldn't  bear  to  stay  tJt  doors.  It  would 
have  ailed  me.  Gold  fish  are  as  good  a  thing  to 
sell  as  anything  else,  perhaps,  but  I  've  been  a 
costermonger  as  well,  and  have  sold  both  fruit 
and  good  fish — salmon  and  fine  soles.  Gold  fish 
are  not  good  for  eating.  I  tried  one  once,  just  out 
of  curiosity,  and  it  tasted  very  bitter  indeed  ;  I 
tasted  it  boiled.  I  've  worked  both  town  and 
country  on  gold  fish.  I  've  served  both  Brighton 
and  Hastings.  The  fish  were  sent  to  me  by  rail, 
in  vessels  with  air-holes,  when  I  wanted  more.  I 
never  stopped  at  lodging-houses,  but  at  respectable 
public-houses,  where  1  could  be  well  suited  in  the 
care  of  my  fish.  It 's  an  expense,  but  there  's  no 
help  for  it."'  [A  costermonger,  when  I  questioned 
him  on  the  subject,  told  me  that  he  had  sometimes 
sold  gold  fish  in  the  country,  and  though  he  had 
often  enough  slept  in  common  lodging-houses,  he 
never  could  carry  his  fish  there,  for  he  felt  satis- 
fied, alihoiuth  he  had  never  tested  the  fact,  that 
in  nine  out  of  ten  such  places,  the  fish,  in  the 
summer  season,  would  half  of  them  die  during  the 
night  from  the  foul  air.]  *•  Gold  fish  sell  better  in 
the  country  than  town,"  the  street-d(»ler  continued ; 
"  much  better.  They  're  more  thought  of  in  the 
country.  My  father's  sold  them  all  over  the  world, 
as  the  saying  is.  I  've  sold  both  foreign  and 
Knglioh  fish.  I  prefer  English.  They  're  the 
hardiest ;  Essex  fish.  The  foreign — I  don't  just 
know  what  part — are  bred  in  milk  ponds;  kept 
fresh  and  sweet,  of  course  ;  and  when  they  're 
brought  here,  and  come  to  be  put  in  cold  water, 
they  soon  die.  In  Essex  they  're  bred  in  cold 
water.  They  live  about  three  years;  that's  their 
lifetime  if  they  're  properly  seen  to.  I  don't  know 
what  kind  of  fish  gold  fish  are.  I  've  heard  that 
they  first  came  from  China.  No,  I  can't  read,  and 
I  'm  very  sorry  for  it.  If  I  have  time  next  winter 
I  '11  get  Lauglit.  Gentlemen  sometimes  ask  roe  to 
•it  down,  and  talk  to  me  about  fish,  and  their  his- 
tory (natural  history),  and  I  'm  often  ata  loss,  which 
I  mightn't  be  if  I  could  read.  If  I  have  fish  left 
after  my  day's  work,  I  never  let  them  stay  in  the 
globe  I  'vo  hawked  them  in,  but  put  them  into  a 
large  pan,  a  tub  sometimes,  three-parts  full  of 
water,  where  they  have  room.  My  customers  are 
ladies  and  gentlemen,  but  I  have  sold  to  shop- 
keepers, such  as  buttermen,  that  often  show  gold 
fish  and  flowers  in  their  shops.  The  fish  don't 
live  long  in  the  very  small  globes,  but  they  're  put 
in  them  sometimei  just  to  satisfy  children.  I  've 
sold  as  many  as  two  doxen  at  a  time  to  stock  a 


pond  in  a  gentleman's  garden.  It 's  the  best  sale 
a  little  way  out  of  town,  in  any  direction.  I  sell 
six  dozen  a  week,  I  think,  one  week  with  another  ; 
they'll  run  as  to  price  at  Is.  apiece.  That  six 
dozen  includes  what  I  sell  both  in  town  and 
country.  Perhaps  I  sell  them  nearly  three-parts 
of  the  year.  Some  hawk  all  the  year,  but  it 's  a 
poor  winter  trade.  Yes,  I  make  a  very  fair 
living  ;  2*.  6d.  or  3s.  or  so,  a  day,  perhaps,  on 
gold  fish,  when  the  weather  suits." 

A  man,  to  whom  I  was  referred  as  an  expe- 
rienced gold  fish-seller,  had  just  returned,  when  I 
saw  him,  from  the  sale  of  a  stock  of  new  potitoes, 
peas,  &c.,  which  he  "  worked"  in  a  donkey  cart. 
He  had  not  this  season,  he  said,  started  in  the 
gold-fish  line,  and  did  very  little  last  year  in  it,  as 
his  costermongering  trade  kept  steady,  but  his 
wife  thought  gold  fish-selling  was  a  better  trade, 
and  she  always  siccompanied  him  in  his  street 
rounds ;  so  he  might  take  to  it  again.  In  his 
youth  he  was  in  the  service  of  an  old  lady  who 
had  several  pets,  and  among  them  were  gold  fish, 
of  which  she  was  very  proud,  always  endeavour- 
ing to  procure  the  finest,  a  street-seller  being  sure 
of  her  as  a  customer  if  he  had  fish  larger  or 
deeper  or  brighter-coloured  than  usual.  She  kept 
them  both  in  stone  cibterns,  or  small  ponds,  in  her 
garden,  and  in  glass  globes  in  the  house.  Of  these 
fish  my  informant  had  the  care,  and  was  often  com- 
mended for  his  good  management  of  them.  After 
his  mistress's  death  he  was  very  unlucky,  he  said, 
in  his  places.  Hislastmaster  having  been  implicated, 
he  believed,  in  some  gambling  and  bill-discount- 
ing transactions,  left  the  kingdom  suddenly, 
and  my  informant  was  without  a  character,  for 
the  master  he  served  previously  to  the  one  who 
went  off  so  abruptly  was  dead,  and  a  cliaracter 
two  years  back  was  of  no  use,"  for  people  said, 
"  But  where  have  you  been  living  since  1  Let  me 
know  all  about  that."  The  man  did  not  know 
what  to  do,  for  his  money  was  soon  exhausted  : 
"  I  had  nothing  left,"  he  said,  "  which  I  could 
turn  into  money  except  a  very  good  great  coat, 
which  had  belonged  to  my  last  master,  and  which 
was  given  to  me  becaiise  he  went  off  without 
paying  me  my  wages.  I  thought  of  'listing,  for 
I  was  tired  of  a  footman's  life,  almost  always  in 
the  house  in  such  jylaces  as  I  had,  but  I  was 
too  old,  I  feared,  and  if  I  could  have  got  over 
that  I  knew  I  should  be  rejected  because  I  was 
getting  bald.  I  was  sitting  thinking  whatever 
could  be  done — I  wasn't  married  then — and  had 
nobody  to  consult  with  ;  when  I  heard  the  very 
man  as  used  to  serve  my  old  lady  crying  gold 
fish  in  the  street  It  struck  me  all  of  a  heap,  and 
I  wonder  I  hadn't  thought  of  it  before,  when  I 
recollected  how  well  I  'd  managed  the  fish,  that 
I  'd  sell  gold  fish  too,  and  hawk  it  as  he  did,  as  it 
didn't  seem  such  a  bad  trade.  So  I  asked  the 
man  all  about  it,  and  he  told  me,  and  I  raised  a 
sovereign  on  my  great  coat,  and  that  was  my  start 
in  the  streets.  I  was  nervous,  and  a  little  'shamed 
at  first,  but  I  soon  got  over  that,  and  in  time 
turned  my  hand  to  fruit  and  other  things.  Gold 
fish  saved  my  life,. sir;  I  do  believe  that,  f<>r  I 
might  have  pined  into  a  consumption  if  I  'd  been 


F  8 


80 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


without  something  to  do,  and  something  to  eat 
much  longer." 

If  we  calculate,  in  order  to  allow  for  the  cessa- 
tion of  the  trade  during  the  winter,  and  often  in  the 
summer  when  costerraongering  is  at  its  best,  that 
but  half  the  above-mentioned  number  of  gold-fish 
sellers  hawk  in  the  streets  and  that  for  but  half  a 
year,  each  selling  six  dozen  weekly  at  125.  the 
dozen,  we  find  65,620  fish  sold,  at  an  outlay  of 
3276^.  As  the  country  is  also  "worked"  by 
the  London  street-sellers,  and  the  supply  is  derived 
from  London,  the  number  and  amount  may  be 
doubled  to  include  this  traffic,  or  131,040  fish 
sold,  and  6552^.  expended. 

Of  the  Strbkt-Sellers  of  Tortoises. 
The  number  of  tortoises  sold  in  the  streets  of 
London  is  far  greater  than  might  be  imagined,  for 
it  is  a   creature  of  no  utility,  and   one  which  is 
inanimate  in  this  country  for  half  its  life. 

Of  live  tortoises,  there  are  20,000  annually  im- 
ported from  the  port  of  Mogadore  in  Morocco. 
They  are  not  brought  over,  as  are  the  parrots,  &c., 
of  which  I  have  spoken,  for  amusement  or  as  pri- 
vate ventures  of  the  seamen,  but  are  regularly 
consigned  from  Jewish  houses  in  Mogadore,  to 
Jewish  merchants  in  London.  They  are  a  freight 
of  which  little  care  is  taken,  as  they  are  brought 
over  principally  as  ballast  in  the  ship's  hold,  where 
they  remain  torpid. 

The  street-sellers  of  tortoises  are  costermongers 
of  the  smarter  class.  Sometimes  the  vendors  of 
shells  and  foreign  birds  "  work  "  also  a  few  tor- 
toises, and  occasionally  a  wholesale  dealer  (the 
consignee  of  the  Jewish  house  in  Africa)  will 
send  out  his  own  servants  to  sell  barrow-loads 
of  tortoises  in  the  street  on  his  own  account. 
They  are  regularly  ranged  on  the  barrows,  and 
certainly  present  a  curious  appearance — half- 
alive  creatures  as  they  are  (when  the  weather 
is  not  of  the  warmest),  brought  from  another 
continent  for  sale  by  thousands  in  the  streets 
of  London,  and  retention  in  the  gardens  and 
grounds  of  our  civic  villas.  Of  the  number 
imported,  one-half,  or  10,000,  are  yearly  sold  in 
the  streets  by  the  several  open-air  dealers  I  have 
mentioned.  The  wholesale  price  is  from  45.  to  Qs. 
the  dozen ;  they  are  retailed  from  Qd.  to  I5.,  a 
very  fine  well-grown  tortoise  being  sometimes 
worth  2s.  M.  The  mass,  however,  are  sold  at 
6«?.  to  9ci.  each,  but  many  fetch  I5.  They 
are  bought  for  children,  and  to  keep  in  gardens  as 
I  have  said,  and  when  properly  fed  on  lettuce 
leaves,  spinach,  and  similar  vegetables,  or  on 
white  bread  sopped  in  water,  will  live  a  long 
time.  If  the  tortoise  be  neglected  in  a  garden, 
and  have  no  access  to  his  favourite  food,  he  will 
eat  almost  any  green  thing  which  comes  in  his 
way,  and  so  may  commit  ravages.  During  the 
winter,  and  the  later  autumn  and  earlier  spring, 
the  tortoise  is  torpid,  and  may  be  kept  in  a 
drawer  or  any  recess,  until  the  approach  of  Bum- 
mer "  thaws  "  him,  as  I  heard  it  called. 

Calculating  the  average  price  of  tortoises  in 
street-sale  at  8(/.  each,  we  find  upwards  of  333/. 
thus  expended  yearly. 


Of  the  Street-Sellers  of  Snails,  Frogs, 
Worms,  Snakes,  Hedgehogs,  eto. 

I  class  together  these  several  kinds  of  live  crea- 
tures, as  they  are  all  "  gathered  "  and  sold  by  the 
same  persons — principally  by  the  men  who  supply 
bird-food,  of  whom  I  have  given  accounts  in  my 
statements  concerning  groundsel,  chickweed,  plain- 
tain,  and  turf-selling. 

The  principal  snail-sellers,  however,  are  the 
turf-cutters,  who  are  young  and  active  men,  while 
the  groundsel-sellers  are  often  old  and  infirm  and 
incapable  of  working  all  night,  as  the  necessities 
of  the  snail-trade  often  require.  Of  turf-cutters 
there  were,  at  the  time  of  my  inquiry  last  winter, 
42  in  London,  and  of  these  full  one-third  are  re- 
gular purveyors  of  snails,  such  being  the  daintier 
diet  of  the  caged  blackbirds  and  thrushes.  These 
men  obtain  their  supply  of  snails  in  the  market- 
gardens,  the  proprietors  willingly  granting  leave  to 
any  known  or  duly  recommended  person  who  will 
rid  them  of  these  depredators.  Seven-eighths  of 
the  quantity  gathered  are  sold  to  the  bird-dealers, 
to  whom  the  price  is  2d.  a  quart.  The  other 
eighth  is  sold  on  a  street  round  at  from  Zd.  to  6c?. 
the  quart.  A  quart  contains  at  least  80  snails, 
not  heaped  up,  their  shells  being  measured  along 
with  them.  One  man  told  me  there  were  "  100 
snails  to  a  fair  quart." 

When  it  is  moonlight  at  this  season  of  the  year, 
the  snail  gatherers  sometimes  work  all  night ;  at 
other  times  from  an  hour  before  sunset  to  the 
decline  of  daylight,  the  work  being  resumed  at 
the  dawn.  To  gather  12  quarts  in  a  night,  or  a 
long  evening  and  morning,  is  accounted  a  pros- 
perous harvest.  Half  that  quantity  is  "  pretty 
tidy."     An  experienced  man  said  to  me  : — 

*•'  The  best  snail  grounds,  sir,  you  may  take  my 
word  for  it,  is  in  Putney  and  Barnes.  It 's  the 
'  greys '  we  go  for,  the  fellows  with  the  shells  on 
'em ;  the  black  snails  or  slugs  is  no  good  to  us.  I 
think  snails  is  the  slowest  got  money  of  any.  I 
don't  suppose  they  get 's  scarcer,  but  there 's  good 
seasons  tor  snails  and  there 's  bad.  Warm  and 
wet  is  best.  We  don't  take  the  little  'uns.  They 
come  next  year.  I  may  make  1/.  a  year,  or  a 
little  more,  in  snails.  In  winter  there  's  hardly 
anything  done  in  them,  and  the  snails  is  on  the 
ground ;  in  summer  they  're  on  the  walls  or  leaves. 
They'll  keep  six  months  without  injury;  they'll 
keep  the  winter  round  indeed  in  a  proper  place." 

I  am  informed  that  the  14  snail  gatherers 
on  the  average  gather  six  dozen  quarts  each  in  a 
year,  which  supplies  a  total  of  12,096  quarts,  or 
individually,  1,189,440  snails.  The  labourers  in 
the  gardens,  I  am  informed,  may  gather  somewhat 
more  than  an  equal  quantity, — all  being  sold  to 
the  bird-shops ;  so  that  altogether  the  supply  of 
snails  for  the  caged  thrushes  and  blackbirds  of 
London  is  about  two  millions  and  a  half.  Com- 
puting them  at  24,000  quarts,  and  only  at  2d.  a 
quart,  the  outlay  is  200/.  per  annum. 

The  Frogs  sold  by  street-people  are,  at  the  rate 
of  about  36  dozen  a  year,  disposed  of  in  equal 
proportion  to  University  and  King's  Colleges. 
Only  two  men  collect  the  frogs,  one  for  each  hoe- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


81 


pitaL  '  They  are  charged  Id.  each  : — "  I  've  some- 
"  said  one  of  the  frog-purveyors,  "  come  on 
■where  I  could  have  got  six  or  seven  dozen 
in  a  day,  but  that 's  mostly  been  when  I  didn't 
want  them.  At  other  times  I  'vegone  days  with- 
out collaring  a  single  frog.  I  only  want  them  four 
times  a  year,  and  four  or  five  dozen  at  a  time. 
The  low  part  of  Hampstead  's  the  best  ground  for 
them,  I  think.  The  doctors  like  big  fellows.  They 
keep  them  in  water  'til  they  're  wanted  to  dissect." 
Oiie  man  thought  that  there  might  be  50  more 
frogs  or  upwards  ordered  yearly,  through  the  bird- 
shops,  for  experiments  under  air-pumps,  &c.  This 
gives  abont  600  frogs  sold  yearly  by  the  street- 
people.  One  year,  however,  I  was  told,  the  supply 
was  larger,  for  a  Caraberwell  gentleman  ordered  40 
frogs  to  stock  a  watery  place  at  the  foot  of  his 
garden,  as  he  liked  to  hear  and  see  them. 

The  Toad  trade  is  almost  a  nonentity,"    One  j 
man,  who  was  confident  he  had  as  good  a  trade  in 
that  line  as  any  of  his  fellows,  told  me  that  last 
year  he  only  supplied  one  toad  ;  in  one  year,  he 


forgot  the  precise  time,  he  collected  ten.  He  was 
confident  that  from  12  to  24  a  j-ear  was  now 
the  extent  of  the  toad  trade,  perhaps  20.  There 
was  no  regular  price,  and  the  men  only  "  work  to 
order."  "  It 's  just  what  'ihe  shopkeeper,  mostly 
a  herbalist,  likes  to  give."  I  was  told,  from  \d.  to 
Qd.  according  to  size.  "  I  don't  know  what  they  're 
wanted  for,  something  about  the  doctors,  I  believe. 
But  if  you  want  any  toads,  sir,  for  anything,  I 
know  a  place  between  Hampstead  and  Willesden, 
where  there  's  real  stunners." 

Worms  are  collected  in  small  quantities  by  the 
street-sellers,  and  very  grudgingly,  for  they  are  to 
be  supplied  gratuitously  to  the  shopkeepers  who 
are  the  customers  of  the  turf-cutters,  and  snail 
and  worm  collectors.  "  They  expects  it  as  a 
parquisite,  like."  One  man  told  me  that  they  only- 
gathered  ground  worms  for  the  bird-fanciers. 

Of  the  Snakes  and  Hedgehogs  I  have  already 
spoken,  when  treating  of  the  collection  of  birds'- 
nests.  I  am  told  that  Bome  few  glovhwormt  are 
collected.  1 


OF   THE    STREET-SELLERS   OF   MINERAL   PRODUCTIONS 
AND   NATURAL   CURIOSITIES. 


Thi  class  of  which  I  have  now  to  treat,  includ- 
ing as  it  does  the  street-sellers  of  coal,  coke,  fcin- 
turf,  salt,  and  sand,  seem  to  have  been  called 
into  existence  principally  by  the  necessities  of 
the  poorer  classes.  As  the  earnings  of  thou- 
sands of  men,  in  all  the  slop,  "  slaughter-house," 
or  "  scamping  "  branches  of  tailoring,  shoe- 
making,  cabinet-making,  joining,  &c.  have  be- 
come lower  and  lower,  they  are  compelled  to 
purchase  the  indispensable  articles  of  daily  con- 
sumption in  the  smallest  quantities,  and  at  irregu- 
lar times,  just  as  the  money  is  in  their  possession. 
This  is  more  especially  the  case  as  regards 
chamber-masters  and  garret-masters  (among  the 
shoemakers)  and  cabinet-makers,  who,  as  they  are 
small  masters,  and  working  on  their  own  account, 
have  not  even  such  a  regularity  of  pajrment  as  the 
jonmeyman  of  the  slop-tailor.  Among  these  poor 
artisans,  moreover,  the  wife  must  slave  with  the 
husband,  and  it  is  often  an  object  with  them  to 
•ave  the  time  lost  in  going  out  to  the  chandler's- 
shop  or  the  coal-shed,  to  have  such  things  as  coal, 
and  coke  brought  to  their  very  doors,  and  vended 
in  the  smallest  quantities.  It  is  the  same  with 
the  women  who  work  for  the  slop-shirt  merchants, 
&C.,  or  make  cap-fronts,  &c.,  on  their  own  account, 
for  the  supply  of  the  shopkeepers,  or  the  whole- 
sale swag-men,  who  sell  low-priced  millinery.  The 
street-sellers  of  the  class  I  have  now  to  notice  are, 
then,  the  principal  purveyors  of  the  very  poor. 

The  men  engaged  in  the  street-sale  of  coal  and 
eoke — the  chief  articles  of  this  branch  of  the 
■treet-sale-  are  of  the  eostemonger  class,  as,  in* 
deed,  is  tisaally  the  case  where  an  exercise  of 
bodily  strength  is  reqtiisite.  Costermonffers,  too, 
are  Wtter  versed  than  any  other  street-folk  in  the 
nuutagrment  of  barrows,  carts,  asses,  ponies,  or 
hortea,  so  that  when  these  rebicles  and  these 


animals  are  a  necessary  part  of  any  open-air 
business,  it  will  generally  be  found  in  the  hands 
of  the  coster  class. 

Nor  is  this  branch  of  the  street-traffic  confined 
solely  to  articles  of  necessity.  Under  my  present 
enumeration  will  be  found  the  street-sale  of  shells, 
an  ornament  of  the  mantel-piece  above  the  fire- 
grate to  which  coal  is  a  necessity. 

The  present  division  will  complete  the  subject 
of  Street  Sale  in  the  metropolis. 

Of  the  Strkkt-Sellbbs  of  Coals. 
AocoRDiKO  to  the  returns  of  the  coal  market  for 
the  last  few  years,  there  has  been  imported  into 
London,  on  an  average,  3,500,000  tons  of  sea- 
borne coal  annually.  Besides  this  immense  supply, 
the  various  railways  have  lately  poured  in  a  con- 
tinuous stream  of  the  same  commodity  from  the 
inland  districts,  which  has  found  a  ready  sale 
without  sensibly  affecting  the  accustomed  vend  of 
the  north  country  coals,  long  established  on  the 
Coal  Exchange. 

To  the  very  poor  the  importance  of  coal  can  be 
scarcely  estimated.  Physiological  and  medical 
writers  tell  us  that  carbonaceous  food  is  that  which 
produces  heat  in  the  body,  and  is  therefore  the 
fuel  of  the  system.  Experience  tells  us  that  this 
is  true;  for  who  that  has  had  an  opportunity  of 
visiting  the  habitations  of  the  poor — the  dwellers 
in  ill-furnished  rooms  and  garrets — has  not  re- 
marked the  more  than  half-starved  slop  needle- 
woman, the  wretched  half-naked  'children  of  the 
casually  employed  labourer,  as  the  dock-man,  or 
those  whose  earnings  are  extorted  from  them  by 
their  employers,  soch  as  the  ballast-man,  sitting 
crouched  around  the  smouldering  embers  in  the 
place  where  the  fire  ought  to  bel  The  reason  of 
this  is,  becawe  the  system  of  the  sufferer  by  long 


82 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


want  of  food  has  been  deprived  of  the  necessary 
mteraal  heat,  and  so  seeks  instinctively  to  supply 
the  deficiency  by  imbibing  it  from  some  outward 
source.  It  is  on  this  account  chiefly,  I  believe, 
that  I  have  found  the  ill-paid  and  ill-fed  work- 
people prize  -warmth  almost  more  than  food. 
Among  the  poorest  Irish,  I  have  invariably  found 
them  crowding  round  the  wretched  fire  when  they 
had  nothing  to  eat. 

The  census  returns  of  the  present  year  (ac- 
cording to  the  accounts  published  in  the  news- 
papers) estimate  the  number  of  the  inhabitants 
of  London  at  2,363,141,  and  the  number  of  inha- 
bited houses  as  307,722.  Now  if  we  take  into 
consideration  that  in  the  immense  suburbs  of  the 
metropolis,  there  are  branching  off  from  almost 
every  street,  labyrinths  of  courts  and  alleys, 
teeming  with  human  beings,  and  that  almost 
every  room  has  its  separate  family — for  it  takes  a 
multitude  of  poor  to  make  one  rich  man — we  may 
be  able  to  arrive  at  the  conclusion  that  by  far  the 
greater  proportion  of  coals  brought  into  London 
are  consumed  by  the  poorer  classes.  It  is  on  this 
account  of  the  highest  importance,  that  honesty 
should  be  the  characteristic  of  those  engaged  in 
the  vend  and  distribution  of  an  article  so  neces- 
sary not  only  to  the  comfort  but  to  the  very 
existence  of  the  great  masses  of  the  population. 

The  modes  in  which  the  coals  imported  into 
London  are  distributed  to  the  various  classes  of 
consumers  are  worthy  of  observation,  as  they  un- 
mistakably exhibit  not  only  the  wealth  of  the 
few,  but  the  poverty  of  the  many.  The  inhabit- 
ants of  Belgravia,  the  wealthy  shopkeepers,  and 
many  others  periodically  see  at  their  doors  the 
well-loaded  waggon  of  the  coal  merchant,  with  two 
or  three  swarthy  "  coal-porters  "  bending  beneath 
the  black  heavy  sacks,  in  the  act  of  laying  in  the 
10  or  20  tons  for  yearly  or  half-yearly  consump- 
tion. But  this  class  is  supplied  from  a  very 
different  quarter  from  that  of  the  artizans,  la- 
bourers, and  many  others,  who,  being  unable  to 
spare  money  sufficient  to  lay  in  at  once  a  ton  or 
two  of  coals,  must  have  recourse  to  other  means. 
To  meet  their  limited  resources,  there  may  be 
found  in  every  part,  always  in  back  streets,  per- 
sons known  as  coal-shed  men,  who  get  the  coals 
from  the  merchant  in  7,  14,  or  20  tons  at  a  time, 
and  retail  them  from  \  cwt,  upwards.  The  coal- 
shed  men  are  a  very  numerous  class,  for  there 
is  not  a  low  neighbourhood  in  any  part  of  the  city 
which  contains  not  two  or  three  of  them  in  every 
street. 

There  is  yet  another  class  of  purchasers  of 
coals,  however,  which  I  have  called  the  '  very 
poor,'  —  the  inhabitants  of  two  pairs  back — the 
dwellers  in  garrets,  &c.  It  seems  to  have  been 
for  the  purpose  of  meeting  the  wants  of  this  class 
that  the  street-sellers  of  coals  have  sprung  into  ex- 
istence. Those  who  know  nothing  of  the. decent 
pride  which  often  lingers  among  the  famishing  poor, 
can  scarcely  be  expected  to  comprehend  the  great 
boon  that  the  street-sellers  of  coals,  if  they  could 
only  be  made  honest  and  conscientious  dealers, 
are  calculated  to  confer  on  these  people.  "  I 
have  seen,"  saya  a  correspondent,  "  the  starveling 


child  of  misery,  in  the  gloom  of  the  evening, 
steal  timidly  into  the  shop  of  the  coal-shed  man, 
and  in  a  tremulous  voice  ask,  as  if  begging  a 
great  favour,  for  seven  liound  of  coals.  Tlie  coal- 
shed  man  has  set  down  his  pint  of  beer,  taken 
the  pipe  from  his  mouth,  blowing  after  it  a  cloud 
of  smoke,  and  in  a  gruff  voice,  at  which  the  little 
wretch  has  shrunk  up  (if  it  were  possible)  into 
a  less  space  than  famine  had  already  reduced  her 
to,  and   demanded  — *  Who  told  you  as   how  I 

sarves  seven  pound  o'  coal  1 — Go  to  Bill  C he 

may  sarve  you  if  he  likes — I  won't,  and  that's  an 
end  on  't — I  wonders  what  people  wants  with  seven 
pound  o'  coal.'  The  coal-shed  man,  after  delivering 
himself  of  this  enlightened  observation,  has  pla- 
cidly resumed  his  pipe,  while  the  poor  child, 
gliding  out  into  the  drizzling  sleet,  disappeared  in 
the  darkness." 

The  street-sellers  vend  any  quantity  at  the 
very  door  of  the  purchaser,  without  rendering  it 
necessary  for  them  to  expose  their  poverty  to  the 
prying  eyes  of  the  neighbourhood  ;  and,  as  I  have 
said  were  the  street  dealers  only  honest,  they 
would  be  conferring  a  great  boon  upon  the  poorer 
portion  of  the  people,  but  unhappily  it  is  scarcely 
possible  for  them  to  be  so,  and  realize  a  profit  for 
themselves.  The  police  reports  of  the  last  year 
show  that  many  of  the  coal  merchants,  standing 
high  in  the  estimation  of  the  world,  have  been 
heavily  fined  for  using  false  weights ;  and,  did 
the  present  inquiry  admit  of  it,  there  might  be 
mentioned  many  other  infamous  practices  by 
which  the  public  are  shamefully  plundered  in  this 
commodity,  and  which  go  far  to  prove  that  the 
coal  trade,  in  ioto,  is  a  gigantic  fraud.  May 
I  ask  how  it  is  possible  for  the  street-sellers,  with 
such  examples  of  barefaced  dishonesty  before  their 
eyes,  even  to  dream  of  acting  honestly  1  If  not 
actually  certain,  yet  strongly  suspecting,  that  they 
themselves  are  defrauded  by  the  merchant,  how 
can  it  be  otherwise  than  that  they  should  resort 
to  every  possible  mode  of  defrauding  their  cus- 
tomers, and  so  add  to  the  already  almost  unen- 
durable burdens  of  the  poorest  of  the  poor,  who 
by  one  means  or  other  are  made  to  bear  all  the 
burdens  of  the  country  ? 

The  usual  quantity  of  coals  consumed  in  the 
poorest  rooms,  in  which  a  family  resides,  is  ^  cwt. 
per  week  in  summer,  and  1  cwt.  do.  in  winter, 
or  about  2  tons  per  annum. 

The  street  sale  of  coals  was  carried  on  to  a  con- 
siderable extent  during  the  earlier  part  of  the  last 
century,  "  small  coalmen  "  being  among  the  regular 
street-traders.  The  best  known  of  these  was  Tom 
Britton,  who  died  through  fright  occasioned  by  a 
practical  joke.  He  was  a  great  fosterer  of  a  taste 
for  music  among  the  people;  for,  after  hawking 
his  coals  during  the  day,  he  had  a  musical  gather- 
ing in  his  humble  abode  in  the  evening,  to  which 
many  distinguished  persons  resorted.  This  is 
alluded  to  in  the  lines,  by  Hughes,  under  Tom 
Britten's  portrait,  and  the  allusion,  according  to 
the,  poetic  fashion  of  the  time  being  made  by  means 
of  a  strained  classicality  : — 

"  Cyllenius  so,  as  fables  tell,  and  Jove, 
Came  willing  guests  to  poor  Philemon's  grove." 


THE    CRIPPLED    STREET    BIRD-SELLER, 

[From  a  Dagu«rrtotn>«  by  Bbard.] 


L0ND02T  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  trade  seems  to  have  disappeared  gradually, 
but  has  recently  been  revived  in  another  form. 

Some  few  years  ago  an  ingenious  and  enterprising 
coitermonger,  during  a  "  slack"  in  his  own  busi- 
ness, conceived  the  idea  of  purchasing  some  of  the 
refuse  of  the  coals  at  the  wharfs,  conveying  them 
round  the  poorer  localities  of  his  beat,  in  his  ass- 
or  pony-cart,  and  vending  them  to  "  room-keepers" 
and  others,  in  small  quantities  and  at  a  reduced 
rate,  so  as  to  undersell  the  coal-shed  men,  while 
making  for  himself  a  considerable  profit.  The 
example  was  not  lost  upon  his  fraternity,  and  no 
long  time  had  elapsed  before  many  others  had  started 
in  the  same  line  ;  this  eventually  took  so  much 
custom  from  the  regular  coal-shed  m^n,  that,  as  a 
matter  of  self-defence,  those  among  them  who  had 
a  horse  and  cart,  found  it  necessary  to  compete 
with  the  originators  of  the  system  in  their  own 
way,  and,  being  possessed  of  more  ample  means, 
they  succeeded,  in  a  great  measure,  in  driving 
the  costers  out  of  the  field.  The  success  of  the 
coal-shed  men  was  for  a  time  so  well  followed 
up,  that  they  began  by  degrees  to  edge  away 
from  the  lanes  and  alleys,  extending  their  excur- 
sions into  quarters  somewhat  more  aristocratic,  and 
even  there  establishing  a  trade  amongst  those  who 
had  previously  taken  their  ton  or  half  ton  of  coals 
from  the  "  brass-plate  merchant,"  as  he  is  called 
in  the  trade,  being  a  person  who  merely  procures 
orders  for  coals,  gets  some  merchant  who  buys 
in  the  coal  market  to  execute  them  in  his  name, 
and  manages  to  make  a  living  by  the  profits  of 
these  transactions.  Some  of  this  latter  class  con- 
sequently found  themselves  compelled  to  adopt  a 
mode  of  doing  their  business  somewhat  similar,  and 
for  that  purpose  hired  vans  from  the  proprietors 
of  those  vehicles,  loaded  them  with  sacks  of  coals, 
drove  round  among  their  customers,  prepared  to 
furnish  them  with  sacks  or  half  sacks,  as  they 
felt  disposed.  Finally,  many  of  the  van  pro- 
prietors themselves,  finding  that  business  might 
be  done  in  this  way,  started  in  the  line,  and,  being 
in  general  men  of  some  means,  established  it  as  a 
regular  trade.  The  van  proprietors  at  the  present 
time  do  the  greater  part  of  the  business,  but  there 
may  occasionally  be  seen,  employed  in  this  traffic, 
all  sorts  of  conveyances,  from  the  donkey-cart  of  the 
costermonger,  or  dock  labourer,  the  latter  of  whom 
endeavours  to  make  up  for  the  miserable  pittance 
he  can  earn  at  the  rate  of  fourpence  per  hour,  by 
the  profits  of  this  calling,  to  the  aristocratic  van, 
drawn  along  by  two  plump,  well-fed  horses,  the 
property  of  a  man  worth  800/.  or  900/. 

The  Tan  of  the  street-seller  of  coals  is  easily 
distinguished  from  the  waggon  of  the  regular 
merchant.  The  merchant's  waggon  is  always 
loaded  with  sacks  standing  perpendicularly;  it  is 
drawn  by  four  immense  horses,  and  is  driven  along 
by  a  gaunt  figure,  begrimed  with  coal-dust,  and 
**  sporting"  ancle  boots,  or  shoes  and  gaiters,  white, 
or  what  ought  to  be  white,  stockings,  velvet  knee- 
breeches,  short  tarry  smock-frock,  and  a  huge  fen- 
tail  bat  slouching  half-way  down  his  back.  The 
street-seller's  vehicle,  on  the  contrary,  has  the  coals 
shot  into  it  without  sacks;  while,  on  a  tailboard, 
extending  behind,  lie  weights  and  scales.     It  i« 


most  frequently  drawn  by  one  horse,  but  some- 
times by  two,  with  bells  above  their  collars  jing- 
ling as  they  go,  or  else  the  driver  at  intervals 
rings  a  bell  like  a  dustman's,  to  announce  hia 
approach  to  the  neighbourhood. 

The  street-sellers  formerly  purchased  their  coals 
from  any  of  the  merchants  along  the  river-side; 
generally  the  refuse,  or  what  remained  after  the 
best  had  been  picked  out  by  "  skreening "  or 
otherwise ;  but  always  taking  a  third  or  fourth 
quality  as  most  suitable  for  their  piurpose.  But 
since  the  erection  of  machinery  for  getting  coals 
out  of  the  ships  in  the  Regent's  Canal  basin,  they 
have  resorted  to  that  place,  as  the  coals  are  at 
once  shot  from  the  box  in  which  they  are  raised 
from  the  hold  of  the  ship,  into  the  cart  or  van, 
saving  all  the  trouble  of  being  filled  in  sacks  by 
coal  porters,  and  carried  on  their  backs  from  the 
ship,  barge,  or  heap,  preparatory  to  their  being 
emptied  into  the  van  ;  thus  getting  them  at  a 
cheaper  rate,  and  consequently  being  enabled  to 
realize  a  greater  profit. 

Since  the  introduction  of  inland  coals,  also,  by 
the  railways,  many  of  the  street-sellers  have 
either  wholly,  or  in  part,  taken  to  sell  them  on 
account  of  the  lower  rate  at  which  they  can  be 
purchased ;  sometimes  they  vend  them  unmixed, 
but  more  frequently  they  mix  them  up  with  "  the 
small "  of  north  country  coals  of  better  quality,  and 
palm  off  the  compound  as  "genuine  Wallsend  direct 
from  the  ship  :"  this  (together  with  short  weights) 
being,  in  fact,  the  principal  source  of  their  profit. 

It  occasionally  happens  that  a  merchant  pur- 
chases in  the  market  a  cargo  of  coals  which 
turns  out  to  be  damaged,  very  small,  or  of  in- 
ferior quality.  In  such  cases  he  usually  refuses  to 
take  them,  and  it  is  difficult  to  dispose  of  them  in 
any  regular  way  of  trade.  Such  cargoes,  or  parts 
of  cargoes,  are  consequently  at  times  bought  up  by 
some  of  the  more  wealthy  van  proprietors  engaged 
in  the  coal  line,  who  realize  on  them  a  great  profit. 
To  commence  business  as  a  street-seller  of 
coals  requires  little  capital  beyond  the  possession 
of  a  horse  and  cart.  The  merchants  in  all  cases 
let  street-sellers  have  any  quantity  of  coals  they 
may  require  till  they  are  able  to  dispose  of  them ; 
and  the  street-trade  being  a  ready-money  business, 
they  can  go  on  from  day  to  day,  or  from  week  to 
week,  according  to  their  pre-arrangements,  so  that, 
as  far  as  the  commodity  in  which  they  deal  is  con- 
cerned, there  is  no  outlay  of  capital  whatever. 

There  are  about  30  two-horse  vans  continimlly 
engaged  in  this  trade,  the  price  of  each  van 
being  70/.  This  gives  .  .  .  ^621 00 
100  horses  at  20/.  each  .  .  .  1200 
160  carts  at  10/.  each  .  .  .  1600 
160  horses  at  10/.  each  .         .         1600 

20  donkey  or  pony  carts,  value  1  /.  each  20 

20  donkeys  or  ponies  at  1/.  10«.  each  30 

Making  a  total  of  210  vehicles  conti- 
nually employed,  which,  with  the  horses,  — 
&c.,  may  be  valued  at          .         .         .         6560 

This  sum,  with  the  price  of  210  aetf 
of  weighu  and  scales,  at  1/.  10«.  per  set  816 


Makes  a  total  of 


£tMb 


84 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


This  may  be  fairly  set  dovm  as  the  gross  amount 
of  capital  at  present  employed  in  the  street-sale  of 
coals. 

It  is  somewhat  difficult  to  ascertain  correctly 
the  amount  of  coals  distributed  in  this  way  among 
the  poorer  classes.  But  I  have  found  that  they 
generally  take  two  turns  per  day ;  that  is  they 
go  to  the  wharfs  in  the  morning,  get  their  vans 
or  carts  loaded,  and  proceed  on  their  various 
rounds.  This  first  turn  usually  occupies  them 
till  dinner-time,  after  which  they  get  another  load, 
which  is  sufficient  to  keep  them  employed  till 
night.  Now  if  we  allow  each  van  to  carry  two 
and  a  half  tons,  it  will  make  for  all  150  tons  per 
day,  or  900  tons  per  week.  In  the  same  manner 
allowing  the  160  carts  to  carry  a  ton  each,  it  will 
give  320  tons  per  day,  or  1920  tons  per  week,  and 
the  twenty  pony  carts  half  a  ton  each,  40  tons  per 
day,  or  240  tons  per  week,  making  a  total  of  3060 
tons  per  week,  or  159,120  tons  per  annum.  This 
quantity  purchased  from  the  merchants  at  14s.  6d. 
per  ton  amounts  to  115,362^.  annually,  and  sold 
at  the  rate  of  1*.  per  cwt.,  or  1^.  per  ton,  leaves 
6s.  6d.  per  ton  profit,  or  a  total  profit  of  43,758/., 
and  this  profit  divided  according  to  the  foregoing 
account  gives  the  subjoined  amounts,  viz. : — 

To  each  two-horse  van  regularly  employed 
throughout  the  year,  a  profit  of    .     .     £429       0 

To  each  one-horse  cart,  ditto,  ditto,       171     12 

To  each  pony  cart,  ditto,  ditto,  121     12 

From  which  must,  of  course,  be  made  the  neces- 
sary deductions  for  the  keep  of  the  animals  and 
the  repair  of  vehicles,  harness,  &c. 

The  keep  of  a  good  horse  is  10s.  per  week ;  a 
pony  6s.  Three  horses  can  be  kept  for  the  price 
of  two,  and  so  on;  the  more  there  are,  the  less  cost 
for  each. 

The  localities  where  the  street-sellers  of  coals 
may  most  frequently  be  met  with,  are  Blackwall, 
Poplar,  Limehouse,  Stepney,  St.  George's  East, 
Twig  Folly,  Bethnal  Green,  Spitalfields,  Shore- 
ditch,  Kingsland,  Haggerstone,  and  Islington.  It 
is  somewhat  remarkable  that  they  are  almost  un- 
known on  the  south  side  of  the  Thames,  and  are 
seldom  or  never  to  be  encountered  in  the  low 
streets  and  lanes  in  Westminster  lying  contiguous 
to  the  river,  nor  in  the  vicinity  of  Marylebone, 
nor  in  any  place  farther  west  than  Shoreditch  ; 
this  is  on  account  of  the  distance  from  the  Regent's 
Canal  basin  precluding  the  possibility  of  their 
making  more  than  one  turn  in  the  day,  which 
would  greatly  diminish  their  profits,  even  though 
they  might  get  a  higlier  price  for  their  com- 
modity. 

It  maybe  observed  that  the  foregoing  statement 
in  figures  is  rather  under  the  mark  than  otherwise, 
as  it  is  founded  on  the  amount  of  coals  purchased 
at  a  certain  rate,  and  sold  at  a  certain  profit, 
without  taking  into  account  any  of  the  "  dodges" 
which  almost  all  classes  of  coal  dealers,  from  the 
highest  to  the  lowest,  are  known  to  practise,  so 
that  the  rate  of  profit  arising  from  this  business 
may  be  fairly  supposed  to  amount  to  much  more 
than  the  above  account  can  show  in  figures. 

I  received  the  following  statement  from  a  person 
engaged  in  the  street  traffic  :— 


"  I  kept  a  coal-shed  and  greengrocer's  shop, 
and  as  I  had  a  son  grown  up,  I  wanted  to  get 
something  for  him  to  do ;  so  about  six  years  ago, 
having  a  pony  and  cart,  and  seeing  others  selling 
coals  through  the  street,  I  thought  I  'd  make  him 

try  his  hand  at  it.     I  went  to  Mr.  B 's,  at 

Whiting's  wharf,  and  got  the  cart  loaded,  and  sent 
my  son  round  our  own  neighbourhood.  I  found 
that  he  soon  disposed  of  them,  and  so  he  went  on 
by  degrees.  People  think  we  get  a  great  deal  of 
profit,  but  we  don't  get  near  as  much  as  they 
think.  I  paid  16s.  a  ton  all  the  winter  for  coals 
and  sold  them  for  a  shilling  a  hundred,  and  when 
I  came  to  feed  the  horse  I  found  that  he  '11 
nearly  eat  it  all  up.  A  horse's  belly  is  not  so 
easy  to  fill.  I  don't  think  my  son  earns  much  more 
now,  in  summer,  than  feeds  the  horse.  It 's  dif- 
ferent in  winter ;  he  does  not  sell  more  nor  half 
a  ton  a  day  now  the  weather 's  so  warm.  In 
winter  he  can  always  sell  a  ton  at  the  least,  and 
sometimes  two,  and  on  the  Saturday  he  might  sell 
three  or  four.  My  cart  holds  a  ton ;  the  vans  hold 
from  two  to  three  tons.  I  can't  exactly  tell  how 
many  people  are  engaged  in  selling  coals  in  the 
street,  but  there  are  a  great  many,  that 's  certain. 
About  eight  o'clock  what  a  number  of  carts  and 
vans  you  '11  see  about  the  Regent's  Canal !  They 
like  to  get  away  before  breakfast,  because  then 
they  may  have  another  turn  after  dinner.  There 's 
a  great  many  go  to  other  places  for  coals.  The 
people  who  have  vans  do  much  better  than  those 
with  the  carts,  because  they  carry  so  much  that 
they  save  time.  There  are  no  great  secrets  in 
our  business ;  we  haven't  the  same  chance  of  '  doing 
the  thing '  as  the  merchants  have.  They  can  mix 
the  coals  up  as  they  like  for  their  customers, 
and  sell  them  for  best ;  all  we  can  do  is  to  buy 
a  low  quality;  then  we  may  lose  our  customers 
if  we  play  any  tricks.  To  be  sure,  after  that 
we  can  go  to  parts  where  we're  not  known. 
I  don't  use  light  weights,  but  I  know  it 's  done 
by  a  good  man)'-,  and  they  mix  up  small  coals 
a  good  deal,  and  that  of  course  helps  their 
profits.  My  son  generally  goes  four  or  five  miles 
before  he  sells  a  ton  of  coals,  and  in  summer 
weather  a  great  deal  farther.  It 's  hard-earned 
money  that 's  got  at  it,  I  can  tell  you.  My  cart  is 
worth  12/. ;  I  have  a  van  worth  20/.  I  wouldn't 
take  20/.  for  my  horse.  My  van  holds  two  tons 
of  coals,  and  the  horse  draws  it  easily,  I  send 
the  van  out  in  the  winter  when  there  's  a  good 
call,  but  in  the  summer  I  only  send  it  out  on  the 
Saturday.  I  never  calculated  how  much  profit  I 
made.  I  haven't  the  least  idea  how  mucti  is  got 
by  it,  but  I  'm  sure  there  's  not  near  as  much  as 
you  say.  Why,  if  there  was,  I  ought  to  have 
made  a  fortune  by  this  time."  [It  is  right  I  should 
state  that  I  received  the  foregoing  account  of  the 
profits  of  the  street  trade  in  coals  from  one  prac- 
ticilly  and  eminently  acquainted  with  it.]  "  Some 
in  the  trade  have  done  very  well,  but  they  were 
well  enough  off  before.  I  know  very  well  I  '11 
never  make  a  fortune  at  anything;  I  '11  be 
satisfied  if  I  keep  moving  along,  so  as  to  keep 
out  of  the  Onion," 

As  to  the  habits  of  the  street-sellers  of  coals. 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


85 


they  are  as  various  as  their  different  circumstances 
will  admit;  but  they  closely  resemble  each  other 
in  one  general  characteristic — their  provident  and 
careful  habits.  Many  of  them  have  risen  from 
struggling  costermongers,  to  be  men  of  substance, 
with  carts,  vans,  and  horses  of  their  own.  Some 
of  the  more  wealthy  of  the  class  may  be  met  with 
now  and  then  in  the  parlours  of  respectiible  public 
houses,  where  they  smoke  their  pipes,  sip  their 
brandy  and  water,  and  are  remarkable  for  the 
shrewdness  of  their  remarks.  They  mingle  freely 
with  the  respectable  tradesmen  of  their  own 
localities,  and  may  be  seen,  especially  on  the 
Sunday  afternoons,  with  their  wives  and  showily- 
dressed  daughters  in  the  gardens  of  the  New 
Globe,  or  Green  Dragon — the  Cremorne  and  Vaux- 
hall  of  the  east.  I  visited  the  house  of  one  of 
those  who  I  was  told  had  originally  been  a  coster- 
monger.  The  front  portion  of  the  shop  was 
almost  filled  with  coals,  he  having  added  to  his 
occupation  of  street-seller  the  business  of  a  coal- 
shed  man ;  this  his  wife  and  a  little  boy  managed 
in  his  absence;  while,  true  to  his  early  training, 
the  window-ledge  and  a  bench  before  it  were 
heaped  up  with  cabbages,  onions,  and  other  vege- 
tables. In  an  open  space  opposite  his  door,  I 
observed  a  one-horse  cart  and  two  or  three  trucks 
with  his  name  painted  thereon.  At  his  invitation, 
I  passed  through  what  may  be  termed  the  shop, 
and  entered  the  parlour,  a  neat  room  nicely 
carpeted,  with  a  round  table  in  the  centre,  chairs 
ranged  primly  round  the  walls,  and  a  long  looking- 
glass  reflecting  the  china  shepherds  and  shep- 
herdesses on  the  mantel-piece,  while,  framed  and 
glazed,  all  around  were  highly-coloured  prints, 
among  which,  Dick  Turpin,  in  flash  red  coat, 
j  gallantly  clearing  the  toll-gate  in  his  celebrated 
j  ride  to  York,  and  Jack  Sheppard  lowering  himself 
down  from  the  window  of  the  lock-up  house,  were 
I  most  conspicuous.  In  the  window  lay  a  few 
books,  and  one  or  two  old  copies  of  BelCs  Life. 
Among  the  well-thumbed  books,  I  picked  out  the 
Netcyate  Calendar,  and  the  "  Calendar  of  Oi-rers" 
at  he  called  it,  of  which  he  expressed  a  very  high 
opinion.  "  Lor  bless  you,"  he  exclaimed,  "  them 
there  stories  is  the  vonderfuUest  in  the  vorld  !  I  'd 
nerer  ba  believed  it,  if  I  adn't  seed  it  vith  my 
own  two  hies,  but  there  can't  be  no  mistake  ven 
I  read  it  hout  o'  the  book,  can  there,  now  ?  I 
jist  asks  yer  that  ere  plain  question." 

Of  hit  career  he  gave  me  the  following  ac- 
count : — "  I  To«  at  von  time  a  coster,  riglarly 
brought  up  to  the  business,  the  times  vas  good 
then ;  but  lor,  ve  used  to  lush  at  sich  a  rate  ! 
About  ten  year  ago,  I  ses  to  meself,  I  say  Bill, 
I  'm  blowed  if  this  here  game  'ill  do  any  longer. 
I  had  a  good  moke  (donkey),  and  a  tidyish  box 
or  a  cart ;  so  vot  does  I  do,  but  goes  and  sees  von 
o'  my  old  pals  that  gits  into  the  coal-line  some- 
how. He  and  I  goes  to  the  Bell  and  Siven 
Mackerels  in  the  Alilo  End  Road,  and  then  he 
tells  me  all  he  knnwed,  and  takes  me  along  vith 
histelf,  and  from  that  time  I  sticks  to  the  coals. 

"  I  niver  cared  much  about  the  lush  myself,  and 
Ten  I  got  avay  front  the  old  uns,  I  didn't  mind  it 
no  how;  bat  Jack  my  pal  vot  *  awful  lutby  cove, 


he  couldn't  do  no  good  at  nothink,  votsomever; 
he  died  they  say  of  lirium  trumans"  [not  under- 
standing what  he  meant,  I  inquired  of  what  it 
was  he  died]  ;  "  why,  of  lirium  trumans,  vich  I 
takes  to  be  too  much  of  Trueman  and  Hanbury's 
heavy  ;  so  I  takes  varnin  by  poor  Jack,  and  cuts 
the  lush ;  but  if  you  thinks  as  ve  don't  enjoy 
ourselves  sometimes,  I  tells  you,  you  don't  know 
nothink  about  it,  I  'm  gittin  on  like  a  riglar  house 
a  fire." 

Op  the  Strebt-Sbllers  of  Coke. 

Amono  the  occupations  that  have  sprung  up  of 
late  years  is  that  of  the  purchase  and  distribution 
of  the  refuse  cinders  or  coke  obtained  from  the 
different  gas-works,  which  are  supplied  at  a  much 
cheaper  rate  than  coal.  Several  of  the  larger  gas 
companies  burn  as  many  as  100,000  tons  of  coals 
per  annum,  and  some  even  more,  and  every 
ton  thus  burnt  is  stated  to  leave  behind  two  chal- 
drons of  coke,  returning  to  such  companies  50 
per  cent,  of  their  outlay  upon  the  coal.  The  dis- 
tribution of  coke  is  of  the  utmost  importance  to 
those  whose  poverty  forces  them  to  use  it  instead  of 
coal. 

It  is  supposed  that  the  ten  gas  companies  in  and 
about  the  metropolis  produce  at  least  1,400,000 
chaldrons  of  coke,  which  are  distributed  to  the 
poorer  classes  by  vans,  one-horse  carts,  donkey 
carts,  trucks,  and  itinerant  vendors  who  carry  one, 
and  in  some  cases  two  sacks  lashed  together  on 
their  backs,  from  house  to  house. 

The  van  proprietors  are  those  who,  having 
capital,  contract  with  the  companies  at  a  fixed 
rate  per  chaldron  the  year  through,  and  supply 
the  numerous  retail  shops  at  the  current  price, 
adding  '3d.  per  chaldron  for  carriage ;  thus 
speculating  upon  the  rise  or  fall  of  the  article,  and 
in  most  cases  carrying  on  a  very  lucrative  business. 
This  class  numbers  about  100  persons,  and  are  to 
be  distinguished  by  the  words  "  coke  contractor," 
painted  on  a  showy  ground  on  the  exterior  of  their 
handsome  well-made  vehicles  ;  they  add  to  their 
ordinary  business  the  occupation  of  conveying  to 
their  destination  the  coke  that  the  companies  sell 
from  time  to  time.  These  men  have  generally  a 
capiUil,  or  a  reputation  for  capital,  to  the  extent  of 
400/.  or  500/.,  and  in  some  cases  more,  and 
they  usually  enter  into  their  contracts  with  the 
companies  in  the  summer,  when  but  small  quan- 
tities of  fuel  are  required,  and  the  gas-works  are 
incommoded  for  want  of  space  to  contain  the 
quantity  made.  They  are  consequently  able,  by 
their  command  of  means,  to  make  advantageous 
bargains,  and  several  instances  are  known  of  men 
starting  with  a  wheelbarrow  in  this  calling  and 
who  are  now  the  owners  of  the  dwellings  in  which 
they  reside,  and  have  goods,  vans,  and  carts 
besides. 

Another  class,  to  whom  may  be  applied  much 
that  has  been  said  of  the  van  proprietors,  are  th« 
possessors  of  one-horse  carts,  who  iu  many  instances 
keep  small  shops  for  the  sale  of  greens,  coals,  &c. 
These  men  arc  scattered  over  the  whole  metro- 
polis, but  as  they  do  not  exclusively  obtain  tbeir 


86 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


living  by  vending  this  article,  they  do  not  properly 
belong  to  this  portion  of  the  inquiry. 

A  very  numerous  portion  of  the  distributors  of 
coke  are  the  donkey-cart  men,  who  are  to  be  seen 
in  all  the  poorer  localities  with  a  quantity  shot  in 
the  bottom  of  their  cart,  and  two  or  three  sacks 
on  the  top  or  fastened  underneath — for  it  is  of  a 
light  nature — ready  to  meet  the  demand,  crying 
"  Coke  !  coke  !  coke  !"  morning,  noon,  and  night. 
This  they  sell  as  low  as  Id.  per  busliel,  coke 
having,  in  consequence  of  the  cheapness  of  coals, 
been  sold  at  the  gas-works  by  the  single  sack 
as  low  as  Id.,  and  although  there  is  here  a 
seeming  contradiction — that  of  a  man  selling  and 
living  by  the  loss — such  is  not  in  reality  the  case. 
It  should  be  remembered  that  a  bushel  of  good 
coke  will  weigh  40  lbs.,  and  that  the  bushels  of 
these  men  rarely  exceed  25  lbs. ;  so  that  it  will 
be  seen  that  by  this  unprincipled  mode  of  dealing 
they  can  seemingly  sell  for  less  than  they  give, 
and  yet  realize  a  good  profit.  The  two  last  classes 
are  those  who  own  a  truck  or  wheelbarrow  or  are 
the  fortunate  possessors  of  an  athletic  frame  and 
broad  shoulders,  who  roam  about  near  the  vicinity 
of  the  gas-works,  soliciting  custom,  obtaining  ready 
cash  if  possible,  but  in  most  cases  leaving  one  sack 
on  credit,  and  obtaining  a  profit  of  from  2d.,  Zd., 
4rf.,  or  more.  These  men  are  to  be  seen  going 
firom  house  to  house  cleverly  regulating  their 
arrival  to  such  times  as  when  the  head  of  the 
family  returns  home  with  his  weekly  wage,  and 
in  possession  of  ready  cash  enough  to  make  a 
bargain  with  the  coke  contractor.  Another  fact 
in  connection  with  this  class,  many  of  Avhom  are 
women,  who  employ  boys  to  drag  or  carry  their 
wares  to  their  customers,  is  this  :  when  they  fail 
through  any  cause,  they  put  their  walk  up  for  sale, 
and  find  no  difficulty  to  obtain  purchasers  from 
21.  to  as  high  as  8^.,  10/.,  and  \2l.  The  street- 
sellers  of  coke  number  in  all  not  less  than  1500 
persons,  who  maybe  thus  divided  :  van  proprietors, 
100;  single  horse  carts,  300;  donkey-cart  men, 
500 ;  trucks,  wheelbarrows,  and  "  physical  force 
men,"  650 ;  and  women  about  50,  who  penetrate  to 
all  the  densely-crowded  districts  about  town  dis- 
tributing this  useful  article ;  the  major  portion  of 
those  who  are  of  anything  like  sober  habits, 
live  in  comfort ;  and  in  spite  of  the  opinion  held 
by  many,  that  the  consumption  of  coke  is  injurious 
to  health  and  sight,  they  carry  on  a  large  and 
increasing  business. 

At  the  present  time  coke  may  be  purchased  at 
the  gas  factories  at  6s.  per  chaldron;  but  in  winter 
it  generally  rises  to  10s.,  so  that,  taking  the  ave- 
rage, 8*.,  it  will  be  found,  that  the  gas  factories  of 
the  metropolis  realize  no  less  a  sum  than  560,000/. 
per  annum,  by  the  coke  produced  in  tlie  course  of 
their  operations.  And  4s.  per  chaldron  being 
considered  a  fair  profit,  it  will  be  found,  that 
the  total  profit  arising  from  its  sale  by  the  various 
vendors  is  280,000/. 

It  is  impossible  to  arrive  with  any  degree  of 
certainty  at  the  actual  amount  of  business  done  by 
each  of  the  above-named  classes,  and  the  profits 
consequent  on  that  business:  by  dividing  the 
above  amount  equally  among  all  the  coke  sellers, 


it  will  be  found  to  give  186/.  per  annum  to  each 
person.  But  it  will  be  at  once  seen,  that  the 
same  rule  holds  good  in  the  coke  trade  that  has 
already  been  explained  in  connection  with  coals : 
those  possessing  vans  reaping  the  largest  amount 
of  profit;  the  one-horse  cart  men  next;  then  the 
donkey  carts,  trucks,  and  wheelbarrows;  and,  least 
of  all,  the  "  backers,"  as  they  are  sometimes  called. 
Concerning  tlie  amount  of  capital  invested  in 
the  street-sale  of  coals  it  may  be  estimated  as 
follows : — 

If  we  allow  70/.  for  each  of  the  100 

vans,  it  will  give £7,000 

20/.  for  each  of  the  horses  .  .  2,000 
300  carts  at  10/.  each  .  .  .  3,000 
300  horses  at  10/.  each  .  .  .  3,000 
500  donkey-carts  at  11.  each      .         .  600 

500  donkeys  at  1/.  each    ...  500 

200  trucks  and  barrows  at  10s.  each  .  100 


making  a  total  of         ...         .  ^£16,000 

To  this  must  be  added 

4800  sacks  for  the  100  vans  at 
3s.  6d  each 840     0     0 

3600  sacks  for  the  300  carts     .       630     0     0 

3000       „       „        500  donkey 
carts 525     0     0 

1652       „        „        550    trucks 

and  backers 288  15     0 

300       „       „  50  women.         52  10     0 


£18,336     5     0 


Which  being  added  to  the  value  of  vans, 
carts,  and  horses  employed  in  the  street- 
sale  of  coals,  viz.         .         .         .         . 

gives  a  capital  of       .         .         . 


,865 


£252,015 


employed  in  the  street-sale  of  coal  and 
coke. 

The  profits  of  both  these  trades  added 
together,  namely,  that  on  coals      .         .      43,758 
and  the  profit  on  coke  .         .         .    280,000 


shows  a  total  profit  of  .  .  .  £323,768 
to  be  divided  among  1710  persons,  who  compose 
the  class  of  itinerant  coal  and  coke  vendors  of  the 
metropolis. 

The  following  statement  as  to  the  street-sale  of 
coke  was  given  by  a  man  in  good  circumstances, 
who  had  been  engaged  in  the  business  for  many 
years : — 

"  I  am  a  native  of  the  south  of  Ireland.  More 
nor  twenty  years  ago  I  came  to  London.  I  had 
friends  here  working  in  a  gas  factory,  and  afther 
a  time  they  managed  to  get  me  into  the  work  too. 
My  business  was  to  keep  the  coals  to  the  stokers, 
and  when  they  emptied  the  retorts  to  wheel  the 
coke  in  barrows  and  empty  it  on  the  coke  heap. 
I  worked  for  four  or  five  years,  off  and  on,  at  this 
place.  I  was  sometimes  put  out  of  work  in  the 
summer-time,  because  they  don't  want  as  many 
hands  then.  There's  not  near  so  much  gas  burned 
in  summer,  and  then,  of  cour»e,  it  takes  less  hands 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


87 


to  make  it  Wen,  at  last  I  got  to  be  a  stoker ;  I  had 
betther  wages  thin,  and  a  couple  of  pots  of  beer 
in  the  day.  It  was  dhreadful  hard  work,  and  as 
hot,  aye,  as  if  you  were  in  the  inside  of  an  oven. 
I  don't  know  how  I  ever  stood  it.  Be  me  soul,  I 
don't  know  how  anybody  stands  it;  it's  the  divil's 
place  of  all  you  erer  saw  in  your  life,  standing 
there  before  them  retorts  with  a  long  heavy  rake, 
puUin  out  the  red-hot  coke  for  the  bare  life,  and 
then  there 's  the  rake  red-hot  in  your  hands,  and 
the  hissin  and  the  bubblin  of  the  wather,  and  the 
smoke  and  the  smell — it's  fit  to  melt  a  man  like  a 
rowl  of  fresh  butther.  I  wasn't  a  bit  too  fond  of 
\X,  at  any  rate,  for  it  'ud  kill  a  horse  ;  so  I  ses  to 
the  wife,  '  I  can't  stand  this  much  longer,  Peggy.' 
Well,  behold  you,  Peggy  begins  to  crj'  and  wring 
her  hands,  thinkin  we'd  starve  ;  but  I  knew  a 
grate  dale  betther  nor  that,  for  I  was  two  or  three 
times  dhrinkin  with  some  of  thim  that  carry  the 
coke  out  of  the  yard  in  sacks  to  sell  to  the  poor 
people,  and  they  had  twice  as  much  money  to 
spind  as  me,  that  was  working  like  a  horse  from 
mornin  to  night.  I  had  a  pound  or  two  by  me, 
for  I  was  always  savin,  and  by  this  time  I  knew 
a  grate  many  people  round  about ;  so  off  I  goes, 
and  asks  one  and  another  to  take  a  sack  of  coke 
from  me,  and  bein  knoun  in  the  yard,  and 
standin  a  dhrop  o'  dhrink  now  and  thin  for  the 
fillers,  I  alway  got  good  measure,  and  so  I  used 
to  make  four  sacks  out  of  three,  and  often  three 
out  of  two.  Well,  at  last  I  got  tired  carryin 
sacks  on  me  back  all  day,  and  now  I  know  I  was 
a  fool  for  doin  it  at  all,  for  it 's  asier  to  dhrag  a 
thruck  with  five  or  six  sacks  than  to  carry  one  : 
so  I  got  a  second-hand  thruck  for  little  or  nothin, 
and  thin  I  was  able  to  do  five  times  as  much 
work  in  half  the  time.  At  l^^t,  I  took  a  notion 
of  puttin  BO  much  every  Sathurday  night  in  the 
savin  bank,  and  faith,  sir,  that  was  the  lucky 
notion  for  me,  although  Peggy  wouldn't  hear  of 
it  at  all  at  all.  She  swore  the  bank  'ud  be  broke, 
and  said  she  could  keep  the  goold  safer  in  her 
own  stockin ;  that  thim  gintlemin  in  banks  were 
all  a  set  of  blickards,  and  only  desaved  the  poor 
people  into  givin  them  their  money  to  keep  it  thim- 
selves.  But  in  spite  of  Peggy  I  put  the  money  in, 
and  it  was  well  for  me  that  I  did  so,  for  in  a 
short  time  I  could  count  up  30  or  40  guineas 
in  bank,  and  whin  Peggy  saw  that  the  bank 
wasn't  broke  she  was  quite  satisfied ;  so  one  day 
I  ses  to  myself.  What  the  divil's  the  use  of  mc 
breakin  my  heart  mornin,  noon,  and  night,  dhrag- 
gin  a  thruck  behind  me,  whin  ever  so  little  a  bit 
of  a  horse  would  dhrag  ten  time  as  much  as  I 
can?  so  off  I  set  to  Smithfieid,  and  bought  a 
•toot  stomp  of  a  horse  for  12/.  \Q$.,  and  thin  wint 
to  a  sale  and  bought  an  ould  cart  for  little  or 
nothin,  and  in  less  nor  a  month  I  had  every 
fartbin  back  again  in  the  bank.  Well,  afther 
this,  I  made  more  and  more  every  day,  and 
findin  that  I  paid  more  for  the  coke  in  winther 
than  in  summer,  I  thought  as  I  had  money  if  I 
coold  only  get  a  place  to  put  a  good  lot  in  summer 
to  sell  in  winther  it  would  be  a  good  thing ;  so  I 
begun  to  look  about,  and  found  this  house  for 
sale,  so  I  bought  it  out  and  out.     It  was  an  ould 


house  to  be  sure ;  but  it's  sthrong  enough,  and  dune 
up  well  enough  for  a  poor  man — besides  there's  the 
yard,  and  see  in  that  yard  there's  a  hape  o'coke  for 
the  winther.  I  'm  buyin  it  up  now,  an  it  'ill  turn 
a  nice  pinny  whin  the  could  weather  comes  again. 
To  make  a  long  story  short,  I  needn't  call  the 
king  my  cousin.  I  'm  sure  any  one  can  do  well, 
if  he  likes ;  but  I  don't  mane  that  thej--  can  do 
well  brakin  their  heart  workin  ;  divil  a  one  that 
sticks  to  work  'ill  ever  be  a  hapenny  above  a 
beggar ;  and  I  know  if  I  'd  stuck  to  it  myself  I  'd 
be  a  grate  dale  worse  off  now  than  the  first  day, 
for  I  'm  not  so  young  nor  near  so  sthrong  as  I 
was  thin,  and  if  I  hadn't  lift  it  off  in  time  I  'd 
have  nothin  at  all  to  look  to  in  a  few  years  more 
but  to  ind  my  days  in  the  workhouse — bad  luck 
to  it." 

Op  the  Street-Sellers  op  Tan-Turp. 

Tanturj  is  oak  bark  made  into  turf  after  its 
virtues  have  been  exhausted  in  the  tan-pits.  To 
make  it  into  turf  the  manufacturers  have  a  mill 
which  is  turned  by  horse-power,  in  which  they 
grind  the  bark  to  a  considerable  degree  of  fineness, 
after  which  it  is  shaped  by  a  mould  into  thin 
cakes  about  six  inches  square,  put  out  to  dry  and 
harden,  and  when  thoroughly^  hardened  it  is  fit 
for  sale  and  for  all  the  uses  for  which  it  is  in- 
tended. 

There  is  only  one  place  in  London  or  its  neigh- 
bourhood where  there  are  tan-pits — in  Bermond- 
sey — and  there  only  is  the  turf  made.  There  are 
not  more  than  a  dozen  persons  in  London  engaged 
in  the  sale  of  this  commodity  in  the  streets,  and 
they  are  all  of  the  tribe  of  the  costermongers. 
The  usual  capital  necessary  for  starting  in  the  line 
being  a  donkey  and  cart,  with  9«.  or  10«.  to  pur- 
chase a  few  hundreds  of  the  turf. 

There  is  a  tradition  extant,  even  at  the  present 
day,  that  during  the  prevalence  of  the  plajgue  in 
London  the  houses  where  the  tan-turf  was  used 
in  a  great  measure  escaped  that  awful  visitation  ; 
and  to  this  moment  many  people  purchase  and 
burn  it  in  their  houses  on  account  of  the  peculiar 
smell,  and  under  the  belief  that  it  is  efficacious  in 
repelling  infectious  diseases  from  the  localities  in 
which  it  is  used. 

The  other  purposes  for  which  it  is  used  are 
for  forming  a  sort  of  compost  or  manure  for 
plants  of  the  heath  kind,  which  delight  in  a 
soil  of  this  description,  growing  naturally  among 
mosses  and  bogs  where  the  peat  fuel  is  obtained. 
It  is  used  also  by  small  bakers  for  heating  their 
ovens,  as  preferable  fur  their  purposes,  and  more 
economical  than  any  other  description  of  fuel. 
Sometimes  it  is  used  for  burning  under  coppers  ; 
and  very  often  for  keeping  alight  during  the  night, 
on  account  of  the  slowness  of  its  decomposition 
by  fire,  for  a  single  cake  will  continue  burning 
for  a  whole  night,  will  be  found  in  the  morning 
completely  enveloped  in  a  white  ash,  which,  on 
being  removed,  discovers  the  live  embers  in  the 
centre. 

The  rate  at  which  the  tan  turf  is  sold  to  the 
dealers,  at  the  ton-piu,  is  from  Qd.  to  M,  per  bun- 


88 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


dred  cakes.  Those  at  9rf.  per  hundred  are  perfect 
and  unbroken,  while  those  at  6rf.  have  been  injured 
in  some  way  or  other.  The  quality  of  the  article, 
however,  remains  the  same,  and  by  purchasing 
some  of  each  sort  the  vendors  are  able  to  make 
somewhat  more  profit,  Avhich  may  be,  on  an  ave- 
rage, about  4^rf.  per  hundred,  as  they  sell  it 
at  Is. 

While   seeking  information  on  this  subject  I 

obtained  the  address  of  a  person  in  T mews, 

T square,  engaged  in  the  business.    Running 

out  of  the  square  is  a  narrow  street,  which,  about 
mid-way  through,  leads  on  the  right-hand  side  to 
a  narrow  alley,  at  the  bottom  of  which  is  the 
mews,  consisting  of  merely  an  oblong  court, 
surrounded  by  stables  of  the  very  smallest  dimen- 
sions, not  one  of  them  being  more  than  twelve  feet 
square.  Three  or  four  men,  in  the  long  waist- 
coats and  full  breeches  peculiar  to  persons  en- 
gaged among  horses,  were  lounging  about,  and, 
with  the  exception  of  the  horses,  appeared  to  be 
the  only  inhabitants  of  the  place.  On  inquiring 
of  one  of  the  loungers,  I  was  shown  a  stable  in 
one  corner  of  the  court,  the  wide  door  of  which 
stood  open.  On  entering  I  found  it  occupied  by 
a  donkej'-cart,  containing  a  couple  of  hundred 
cakes  of  tan-turf;  another  old  donkey-cart  was 
turned  up  opposite,  the  tailboard  resting  on  the 
ground,  the  shafts  pointing  to  the  ceiling,  while  a 
cock  and  two  or  three  draggle-tailed  hens  were 
composing  themselves  to  roost  on  the  front  portion 
of  the  cart  between  the  shafts.  Within  the  space 
thus  inclosed  by  the  two  carts  lay  a  donkey  and 
two  dogs,  that  seemed  keeping  him  company, 
and  were  busily  engaged  in  mumbling  and 
crunching  some  old  bones.  On  the  wall  hung 
"  Jack's  harness."  In  one  corner  of  the  ceiling 
was  an  opening  giving  access  to  the  place  above, 
which  was  reached  by  means  of  a  long  ladder. 
On  ascending  this  I  found  myself  in  a  very  small 
attic,  with  a  sloping  ceiling  on  both  sides.  In  the 
highest  part,  the  middle  of  the  room,  it  was 
not  more  than  six  feet  high,  but  at  the  sides  it 
was  not  more  than  three  feet.  In  this  confined 
apartment  stood  a  stump  bedstead,  taking  up  the 
greater  portion  of  the  floor.  In  a  corner  alongside 
tlie  fire-place  I  noticed  what  appeared  to  be  a 
small  turn-up  bedstead.  A  little  ricketty  deal 
table,  an  old  smoke-dried  Dutch  clock,  and  a  poor 
old  woman,  withered  and  worn,  were  the  only 
other  things  to  be  seen  in  the  place.  The  old 
woman  had  been  better  oflF,  and,  as  is  not  uncom- 
mon under  such  circumstances,  she  endeavoured 
to  make  her  circumstances  appear  better  than 
they  really  were.  She  made  the  following  state- 
ment : — 

*•  My  husband  was  23  years  selling  the 
tan  turf.  There  used  to  be  a  great  deal  more 
of  it  sold  than  there  is  now ;  people  don't  seem  to 
think  so  much  of  it  now,  as  they  once  did,  but 
there  are  some  who  still  use  it.  There  's  an  old 
lady  in  Kentish-town,  who  must  have  it  regu- 
larly; she  bums  it  on  account  of  the  smell,  and 
has  burned  it  for  many  years  :  my  husband  used 
to  serve  her.  There  's  an  old  doctor  at  Hampstead 
i     — or  rather  he  was  there,  for  he  died  a  few  days 


ago — he  always  bought  a  deal  of  it,  but  I  don't 
know  whether  he. burned  it  or  not;  he  used  to 
buy  500  or  600  at  a  time,  he  was  a  very  good 
customer,  and  we  miss  him  now.  The  gar- 
deners buy  some  of  it,  for  their  plants,  they  say 
it  makes  good  manure,  though  you  wouldn't 
think  so  to  look  at  it,  it 's  so  hard  and  dry.  My 
husband  is  dead  three  years ;  we  were  better  off 
when  he  was  alive ;  he  was  a  very  sober  and 
careful  man,  and  never  put  anything  to  waste. 
My  youngest  son  goes  with  the  cart  now ;  he  don't 
do  as  well  as  his  father,  poor  little  fellow !  he  *s 
only  fourteen  years  of  age,  but  he  does  very  well 
for  a  boy  of  his  age.  He  sometimes  travels  30 
miles  of  a  day,  and  can't  sell  a  load — sometimes 
not  half  a  load ;  and  then  he  comes  home  of  a 
night  so  footsore  that  you'd  pity  him.  Some- 
times he 's  not  able  to  stir  out,  for  a  day  or  two, 
but  he  must  do  something  for  a  living;  there's 
nothing  to  be  got  by  idleness.  The  cart  will  hold 
1000  or  1200,  and  if  he  could  sell  that  every 
day  we  'd  do  very  well ;  it  would  leave  us  about 
Zs.  6d.  profit,  after  keeping  the  donkey.  It 
costs  9d.  a  day  to  keep  our  donkey;  he  's  young 
yet,  but  he  promises  to  be  a  good  strong 
animal,  and  I  like  to  keep  him  Avell,  even  if 
I  go  short  myself,  for  what  could  we  do  with- 
out him  1  I  believe  there  are  one  or  two  per- 
sons selling  tan-turf  who  use  trucks,  but  they  're 
strong ;  besides  they  can't  do  much  with  a 
truck,  they  can't  travel  as  far  with  a  truck 
as  a  donkey  can,  and  they  can't  take  as  much 
out  with  them.  My  son  goes  of  a  morning  to 
Bermondsey  for  a  load,  and  is  back  by  break- 
fast time ;  from  this  to  Bermondsey  is  a  long 
way — then  he  goes  out  and  travels  all  round 
Kentish-town  and«  Hampstead,  and  what  with 
going  up  one  street  and  down  another,  by  the 
time  he  comes  home  at  night,  he  don't  travel  less 
than  from  25  to  30  miles  a  day.  I  have  another 
son,  the  eldest.  He  used  to  go  with  his  father 
when  he  was  filive  ;  he  was  reared  to  the  business, 
but  after  he  died  he  thought  it  was  useless  for 
both  to  go  out  with  the  cart,  so  he  left  it  to  the  little 
fellow,  and  now  the  eldest  works  among  horses. 
He  don't  do  much,  only  gets  an  odd  job  now  and 
then  among  the  ostlers,  and  earns  a  shilling  now 
and  then.  They  're  both  good  lads,  and  would  do 
well  if  they  could  ;  they  do  as  well  as  they  can, 
and  I  have  a  right  to  be  thankful  for  it." 

The  poor  woman,  notwithstanding  the  extra- 
ordinary place  in  which  she  lived,  and  the  con- 
fined dimensions  of  her  single  apartment  (I  ascer- 
tained that  the  two  sons  slept  in  the  stump  bed- 
stead, while  she  used  the  turn-up),  was  nevertheless 
cleanly  in  her  person  and  apparel,  and  superior  in 
many  respects  to  persons  of  the  same  class,  and  I 
give  her  statement  verbatim,  as  it  corroborates,  in 
almost  every  particular,  the  statement  of  the  un- 
fortunate seller  of  salt,  who  is  afflicted  with  a 
drunken  disorderly  wife,  and  who  is  also  a  man 
superior  to  the  people  with  whom  he  is  compelled 
to  associate,  but  who  in  evident  bitterness  of  spirit 
made  this  assertion  :  "  Bad  as  I  'm  off  now,  if  I 
had  only  a  careful  partner,  1  wouldn't  want  for 
anything." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


89 


Concerning  the  dogs  that  I  have  spoken  of  as 
being  with  the  donkey,  there  is  a  curious  story. 
During  his  rounds  the  donkey  frequently  met  the 
bitch,  and  an  extraordinary  friendship  grew  up 
between  the  two  animals,  so  that  the  dog  at  last 
forsook  its  owner,  and  followed  the  donkey  in  all 
his  travels.  For  some  time  back  she  has  accom- 
panied him  home,  together  with  her  puppy,  and 
they  all  sleep  corily  together  during  the  night, 
Jack  taking  especial  care  not  to  hurt  the  young 
one.  In  the  morning,  when  about  to  go  out  for 
the  day's  work,  it  is  of  no  use  to  expect  Jack  to 
go  without  his  friends,  as  he  will  not  budge  an 
inch,  so  he  is  humoured  in  his  whim.  The  puppy, 
when  tired,  is  put  into  the  cart,  and  the  mother 
j  forages  for  her  living  along  the  way  ;  the  poor 
woman  not  being  able  to  feed  them.  The  owner 
of  the  dogs  came  to  see  them  on  the  day  previous 
to  ray  visit. 

Op  the  Street-Sbllkrs  op  Salt. 

Until  a  few  years  after  the  repeal  of  the  duty  on 
the  salt,  there  were  no  street-sellers  of  it.  It  was 
first  taxed  in  the  time  of  William  III.,  and  during 
the  war  with  Napoleon  the  impost  was  155.  the 
bushel,  or  nearly  thirty  times  the  cost  of  the 
article  taxed.  The  duty  was  finally  repealed  in 
1823.  When  the  tax  was  at  the  highest,  salt 
was  smuggled  most  extensively,  and  retailed  at 
4d.  and  4^d.  the  pound.  A  licence  to  sell  it  was 
also  necessary.  Street  salt-selling  is  therefore  a 
trade  of  some  twenty  years  standing.  Consider- 
ing the  vast  consumption  of  salt,  and  the  trifling 
amount  of  capital  necessary  to  start  in  the  business, 
it  might  be  expected  that  the  street-sellers  would 
be  a  numerous  class,  but  they  do  not  number  above 
150  at  the  outside.  The  reason  assigned  by  a 
well-informed  man  was,  that  in  every  part  of 
London  there  are  such  vast  numbers  of  shop- 
keepers who  deal  in  salt. 

About  one-half  of  those  employed  in 
street  salt-selling  have  donkeys  and 
carts,  and  the  rest  use  the  two-wheeled 
barrow  of  the  costerraonger,  to  which 
class  the  street  salt-sellers,  gene- 
rally, belong.  The  value  of  the 
donkey  and  cart  may  be  about  21.  5s. 
on  an  average,  so  that  75  of  the 
number  possessing  donkeys  and  carts 
will  have  a  capital  among  them  equal 
to  the  sum  of         .        .        .        £168  15    0 

The  barrows  of  the  remainder  are 
worth  about  lOs.  each,  which  will 
amount  to 

To  sell  3  cwt  of  salt  in  a  day  is  con- 
tidered  good  work  ;  and  this,  if  pur- 
chased at  2s.  per  cwt.,  gives  for  stock- 
money  the  sum  toUl  of    . 


37  10    0 


0     0 


Thos  the  amount  of  capital  which 
nuiT  be  reasonably  assumed  to  be 
embarked  in  this  bosincss  is  £251 


6     0 


The  street-sellers  pay  at  the  rate  of  2#.  per  cwt. 


for  the  salt,  and  retail  it  at  3  lbs.  for  Id.,  which 
leaves  Is.  Id.  profit  on  every  cwt.  One  day  with 
another,  taking  wet  and  dry,  for  from  the  nature 
of  the  article  it  cannot  be  hawked  in  wet  weather 
the  street-sellers  dispose  of  about  2^  cwt.  per  day^ 
or  18  tons  15 cwt,  per  day  for  all  hands,  which,  de^ 
ducting  Sundays,  makes  5825  tons  in  the  course 
of  the  year.  The  profit  of  Is.  Id.  per  cwt.  amounts 
to  a  yearly  aggregate  profit  of  63 10^.  8*.  id.,  or 
about  42/.  per  annum  for  each  person  in  the  trade. 

The  salt  dealers,  generally,  endeavour  to  in- 
crease their  profits  by  the  sale  of  mustard,  and 
sometimes  by  the  sale  of  rock-salt,  which  is  used 
for  horses ;  but  in  these  things  they  do  little,  the 
most  profit  they  can  realize  in  a  day  averaging 
about  id. 

The  salt  men  who  merely  use  the  barrow  are 
much  better  off  than  the  donkey-cart  men ;  the 
former  are  young  men,  active  and  strong,  well 
able  to  drive  their  truck  or  barrow  about  from  one 
place  to  another,  and  they  can  thereby  save  the 
original  price  and  subsequent  keep  of  the  donkey. 
The  latter  are  in  general  old  men,  broken  down 
and  weak,  or  lads.  The  daily  cost  of  keeping  a 
donkey  is  from  6d.  to  9d.;  if  we  reckon  7^rf.  as 
the  average,  it  will  annually  amount  to  III.  Ss.  Id. 
the  year,  which  will  reduce  the  profit  of  i2l. 
to  about  30/.,  and  so  leave  a  balance  of  11/.  8^.  Id. 
in  favour  of  the  truck  or  barrow  man. 

There  are  nine  or  ten  places  where  the  street- 
sellers  purchase  the  salt : — Moore's,  at  Paddington, 
who  get  their  salt  by  the  canal,  from  Staffordshire; 
Welling's,  at  Battle-bridge ;  Baillie,  of  Thames-  ^ 
street,  &c.  Great  quantities  are  brought  to  London 
by  the  different  railways.  The  street-sellers  have 
all  regular  beats,  and  seldom  intrude  on  each 
other,  though  it  sometimes  happens,  especially 
when  any  quarrel  occurs  among  them,  that  they 
oppose  and  undersell  one  another  in  order  to  secure 
the  customers. 

During  my  inquiries  on  this  subject,  I  visited 
Church-lane,  Bloomsbury,  to  see  a  street-seller, 
about  seven  in  the  evening.  Since  the  alterations 
in  St.  Giles's,  Church-lane  has  become  one  of  the 
most  crowded  places  in  London.  The  houses, 
none  of  which  are  high,  are  all  old,  time-blackened, 
and  dilapidated,  with  shattered  window-frames 
and  broken  panes.  Stretching  across  the  narrow 
street,  from  all  the  upper  windows,  might  be  seen 
lines  crossing  and  recrossing  each  other,  on  which 
hung  yellow-looking  shirts,  stockings,  women's 
caps,  and  handkerchiefs  looking  like  soiled  and 
torn  paper,  and  throwing  the  whole  lane  into 
shade.  Beneath  this  ragged  canopy,  the  street 
literally  swarmed  with  human  beings — young  and 
old,  men  and  women,  boys  and  girls,  wandering 
about  amidst  all  kinds  of  discordant  sounds.  The 
footpaths  on  both  sides  of  the  narrow  street  were 
occupied  here  and  there  by  groups  of  men  and 
boys,  some  sitting  on  the  flags  and  others  leaning 
against  the  wall,  while  their  feet,  in  most  instances 
bare,  dabbled  in  the  black  channel  alongside  the 
kerb,  which  being  disturbed  sent  up  a  sickening 
stench.  Some  of  these  groups  were  playing  cards 
for  money,  which  lay  on  the  ground  near  them. 
Men  and  women  at  intervals  lay  stretched  out  in 


90 


LONDON  LAROUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Bleep  on  the  pathway  ;  over  these  the  passengers 
■were  obliged  to  jump;  in  some  instances  they  stood 
on  their  backs  as  they  stepped  over  them,  and 
then  the  sleeper  languidly  raised  his  head,  growled 
out  a  drowsy  oath,  and  slept  again.  Three  or  four 
women,  with  bloated  countenances,  blood-shot 
eyes,  and  the  veins  of  their  necks  swollen  and 
distended  till  they  resembled  strong  cords,  stag- 
gered about  violently  quarrelling  at  the  top  of 
their  drunken  voices. 

The  street  salt-seller — whom  I  had  great  dif- 
ficulty in  finding  in  such  a  place — was  a  man  of 
about  50,  rather  sickly  in  his  look.  He  wore 
an  old  cloth  cap  without  a  peak,  a  sort  of 
dun-coloured  waistcoat,  patched  and  cobbled,  a 
strong  check  shirt,  not  remarkable  for  its  clean- 
liness, and  what  seemed  to  me  to  be  an  old  pair 
of  buckskin  breeches,  with  fragments  hanging 
loose  about  them  like  fringes.  To  the  covering  of 
his  feet — I  can  hardly  say  shoes— there  seemed  to 
be  neither  soles  nor  uppers.  How  they  kept  on 
was  a  mystery. 

In  answer  to  my  questions,  he  made  the  follow- 
ing statement,  in  language  not  to  be  anticipated 
from  his  dress,  or  the  place  in  which  he  resided  : 
"  For  many  years  I  lived  by  the  sale  of  toys,  such 
as  little  chairs,  tables,  and  a  variety  of  other  little 
things  which  I  made  myself  and  sold  in  the 
streets;  and  I  used  to  make  a  good  deal  of  money 
by  them ;  I  might  have  done  well,  but  when  a 
man  hasn't  got  a  careful  partner,  it 's  of  no  use 
what  he  does,  he  '11  never  get  on,  he  may  as  well 
give  it  up  at  once,  for  the  money  '11  go  out  ten 
times  as  fast  as  he  can  bring  it  in.  I  hadn't  the 
good  fortune  to  have  a  careful  woman,  but  one 
who,  when  I  wouldn't  give  her  money  to  waste 
and  destroy,  took  out  my  property  and  made 
money  of  it  to  drink ;  where  a  bad  example  like 
that  is  set,  it's  sure  to  be  followed;  the  good 
example  is  seldom  taken,  but  there  's  no  fear  of 
the  bad  one.  You  may  want  to  find  out  where 
the  evil  lies,  I  tell  you  it  lies  in  that  pint  pot,  and 
in  that  quart  pot,  and  if  it  wasn't  for  so  many 
pots  and  so  many  pints,  there  wouldn't  be  half  so 
much  misery  as  there  is.  I  know  that  from  my  own 
case.  I  used  to  sell  toys,  but  since  the  foreign 
things  were  let  come  over,  I  couldn't  make  any- 
thing of  them,  and  was  obliged  to  give  them  up. 
I  was  forced  to  do  something  for  a  living,  for  a 
half  loaf  is  better  than  no  bread  at  all,  so  seeing 
two  or  three  selling  salt,  I  took  to  it  myself.  I  buy 
my  salt  at  Moore's  wharf,  Paddington  ;  I  consider 
it  the  purest;  I  could  get  salt  3cZ.  or  2d.  the  cwt., 
or  even  cheaper,  but  I  'd  rather  have  the  best.  A 
man  's  not  ashamed  when  he  knows  his  articles 
are  good.  Some  buy  the  cheap  salt,  of  course 
they  make  more  profit.  We  never  sell  by 
measure,  always  by  weight ;  some  of  the  street 
weights,  a  good  many  of  them,  are  slangs,  but  I 
believe  they  are  as  honest  as  many  of  the  shop- 
keepers after  all ;  every  one  does  the  best  he  can 
to  cheat  everj'body  else.  I  go  two  or  three  even- 
ings in  the  week,  or  as  often  as  I  want  it,  to  the 
wharf  for  a  load.  I  'm  going  there  to-night,  three 
miles  out  and  three  miles  in.  I  sell,  considering 
everything,  about  2  cwt.  a  day;  I  sold  1^  to-day. 


but  to-morrow  (Saturday)  I  '11  sell  3  or  4  cwt., 
and  perhaps  more.  I  pay  2s.  the  cwt.  for  it,  and 
make  about  \s.  a  cwt.  profit  on  that.  I  sold  six- 
pennyworth  of  mustard  to-day;  it  might  bring  me 
in  2d.  profit,  every  little  makes  something.  If  I 
wasn't  so  weak  and  broke  down,  I  wouldn't 
trouble  myself  with  a  donkey,  it 's  so  expensive ; 
I  'd  easily  manage  to  drive  about  all  I  'd  sell,  and 
then  I  'd  save  the  expense.  It  costs  me  Id.  or 
8c/.  a  day  to  keep  him,  besides  other  things.  I 
got  him  a  set  of  shoes  yesterday,  I  said  I  'd  shoe 
him  first  and  myself  afterwards;  so  you  see  there's 
other  expenses.  There 's  my  son,  too,  paid  oflT  the 
other  day  from  the  Prince  of  Wales,  after  a  four 
years'  voyage,  and  he  came  home  without  a  six- 
pence in  his  pocket.  He  might  have  done  some- 
thing for  me,  but  I  couldn't  expect  anything  else 
frdm  him  after  the  example  that  was  set  to  him. 
Even  now,  bad  as  I  am,  I  wouldn't  want  for  any- 
thing if  I  had  a  careful  woman ;  but  she 's  a 
shocking  drunkard,  and  I  can  do  nothing  with  her." 
This  poor  fellow's  mind  was  so  full  of  his  domestic 
troubles  that  he  recurred  to  them  again  and  again, 
and  was  more  inclined  to  talk  about  what  so 
nearly  concerned  himself  than  on  any  matter  of 
business. 

Op  the  Street-Sellers  of  Sand. 
Two  kinds  of  sand  only  are  sold  in  the  streets, 
scouring  or  floor  sand,  and  bird  sand  for  birds. 
In  scouring  sand  the  trade  is  inconsiderable  to 
what  it  was,  saw-dust  having  greatly  super- 
seded it  in  the  gin-palace,  the  tap-room,  and  the 
butcher's  shop.  Of  the  supply  of  sand,  a  man,  who 
was  working  at  the  time  on  Hampstead-heath, 
gave  the  following  account : — "I  've  been  employed 
here  for  five-and-thirty  years,  under  Sir  Thomas 
Wilson.  Times  are  greatly  changed,  sir;  we 
used  to  have  from  25  to  30  carts  a  day  hawking 
sand,  and  taking  six  or  seven  men  to  fill  them 
every  morning ;  besides  large  quantities  which 
went  to  brass-founders,  and  for  cleaning  dentists' 
cutlery,  for  stone-sawing,  lead  and  silver  casting, 
and  5uch  like.  This  heath,  sir,  contains  about 
every  kind  of  sand,  but  Sir  Thomas  won't  allow 
us  to  dig  it.  The  greatest  number  of  carts  filled 
now  is  eight  or  ten  a  day,  which  I  fill  myself. 
Sir  Thomas  has  raised  the  price  from  3s.  Qd. 
to  4s.  a  load,  of  about  2^  tons.  Bless  you, 
sir,  some  years  ago,  one  might  go  into  St. 
Luke's,  and  sell  five  or  six  cart-loads  of  house- 
sand  a  week ;  now,  a  man  may  roar  himself 
hoarse,  and  not  sell  a  load  in  a  fortnight.  Saw- 
dust is  used  in  all  the  public-houses  and  gin- 
palaces.  People  's  sprung  up  who  don't  use  sand 
at  all ;  and  many  of  the  old  people  are  too  poor  to 
buy  it.  The  men  who  get  sand  here  now  are  old 
customers,  who  carry  it  all  over  the  town,  and 
round  HoUoway,  Islington,  and  such  parts.  Twelve 
year  ago  I  would  have  taken  here  QL  or  11.  in  a 
morning,  to-day  I  have  only  taken  9s.  Fine 
weather  is  greatly  against  the  sale  of  house-sand  ; 
in  wet,  dirty  weather,  the  sale  is  greater." 

One  street  sand-seller  gave  the  following  account 
of  his  calling  : — 

"  I  have  been  in  the  sand  business,  man  and 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


91 


boy,  for  40  yeart.  I  was  at  it  when  I  was  12 
years  old,  and  am  now  62.  I  used  to  have  two 
carts  hawking  sand,  but  it  wouldn't  pay,  so  I  have 
just  that  one  you  see  there.  Hawking  sand  is  a 
poor  job  now.  I  send  two  men  with  that  'ere  cart, 
and  pay  one  of  'em  St.  4rf.  and  the  other  3^.  a  day. 
Now,  with  beer-money,  2s.  a  week,  to  the  man  at 
the  heath,  and  turnpike  gates,  I  reckon  every  load 
of  sand  to  cost  me  5s.  Add  to  that  6s.  4d.  for 
the  two  men,  the  wear  and  tear,  and  horse's  keep 
(and,  to  do  a  horse  justice,  you  cannot  in  these 
cheap  times  keep  him  at  less  than  10*.  a  week, 
in  dear  seasons,  it  will  cost  15s.),  and  you  will 
find  each  load  of  sand  stands  me  in  a  good  sum. 
So  suppose  we  get  a  guinea  a  load,  you  see  we 
have  no  great  pull.  Then  there  's  the  licence,  8/. 
a  year.  Many  years  ago  we  resisted  this,  and 
got  Mr.  Humphreys  to  defend  us  before  the  magis- 
trates at  Clerkenwell ;  but  we  were  '  cast,'  several 
hawkers  were  fined  10/.,  and  I  was  brought  up 
bef ire  old  Sir  Richard  Bimie,  at  Bow-street,  and 
had  to  find  bail  that  I  would  not  sell  another 
bushel  of  sand  till  I  took  out  a  licence.  Soon  after 
that  Sir  Thomas  Wilson  shut  up  the  heath  from 
us  ;  he  said  he  would  not  have  it  cut  about  any 
more,  for  that  a  poor  animal  could  not  pick  up  a 
crumb  without  being  in  danger  of  breaking  its 
leg.  This  was  just  after  we  took  out  our  licences, 
and,  as  we  'd  paid  dearly  for  being  allowed  to 
sell  the  sand,  some  of  us,  and  I  was  one,  we  waited 
upon  Sir  Thomas,  and  asked  to  be  allowed  to  work 
out  our  licences,  which  was  granted,  and  we  have 
gone  on  ever  since.  My  men  work  very  hard 
for  their  money,  sir ;  they  are  up  at  3  o'clock 
of  the  morning,  and  are  knocking  about  the  streets, 
perhaps  till  5  or  6  o'clock  in  the  evening." 

The  yellow  house-sand  is  also  found  at  Kings- 
land,  and  at  the  Kensington  Qravel-pits;  but  at 
the  latter  place  street-sellers  are  not  supplied. 
The  sand  here  is  very  fine,  and  mostly  disposed 
of  to  plasterers.  There  is  also  some  of  this  kind 
of  sand  at  Wandsworth.  In  the  street-selling  of 
house-sand,  there  are  now  not  above  30  men 
employed,  and  few  of  these  trade  on  their  own 
account.  Reckoning  the  horses  and  carts  em- 
ployed in  the  trade  at  the  same  price  as  our 
Camden-towu  informant  sets  on  his  stock,  we  have 
20  horses,  at  10/.  each,  and  20  carts,  at  3/.  each, 
with  3  baskets  to  each,  at  2s.  apiece,  making 
a  total  of  236/.  of  capital  employed  in  the  carry- 
ing machinery  of  the  street-selling  of  sand.  Al- 
lowing 'is.  a  day  for  each  man,  the  wages  would 
amount  for  80  men  to  27/.  weekly ;  and  the  ex- 
penses for  horses'  keep,  at  lOs.  a  head,  would 
give,  for  20  horses,  10/.  weekly,  making  a  total 
of  38/.  weekly,  or  an  annual  expenditure  for  man 
and  bona  of  2496/.  Calculating  the  sale  at  a  load 
per  day,  for  each  horse  and  cart,  at  21s.  a  load, 
we  have  6573/.  annually  expended  in  the  pur- 
diase  of  house  or  floor-sand. 

Bird-sand,  or  the  fine  and  dry  sand  required 
ibr  the  us«  of  cage-birds,  is  now  obtained  al- 
together of  a  market  gardener  in  Hackney.  It 
ia  told  at  8ci.  the  barrow-load ;  as  much  being 
■kovdlod  on  to  a  coster's  barrow  <'at  it  will 
cwry."    A  good««ised  barrow  holds  8|  boaheU; 


a  smaller  size,  8  bushels,  and  the  buyer  is  also 
the  shoveller.  Three-fourths  of  the  quantity  con- 
veyed by  the  street-sellers  from  Hackney  is  sold 
to  the  bird-shop  keepers  at  6rf.  for  3  pecks.  The 
remainder  is  disposed  of  to  such  customers  as 
purchase  it  in  the  street,  or  is  delivered  at  private 
houses,  which  receive  a  regular  supply.  The 
usual  charge  to  the  general  public  is  a  halfpenny 
or  a  penny  for  sand  to  fill  any  vessel  brought  to 
contain  it.  A  penny  a  gallon  is  perhaps  an  average 
price  in  this  retail  trade. 

A  man,  "  in  a  good  way  of  business,"  disposes 
of  a  barrow-load  once  a  week ;  the  others  once  a 
fortnight.  In  wet  or  windy  weather  great  care 
is  necessary,  and  much  trouble  incurred  in  supply- 
ing this  sand  to  the  street-sellers,  and  again  in 
their  vending  it  in  the  streets.  The  street-vendors 
are  the  same  men  as  supply  the  turf,  &c.,  for  cage- 
birds,  of  whom  I  have  treated,  p.  156,  vol.  i. 
They  are  40  in  number,  and  although  they  do  not 
all  supply  sand,  a  matter  beyond  the  strength  of 
the  old  and  infirm,  a  few  costermongers  convey  a 
barrow-load  of  sand  now  and  then  to  the  bird- 
sellers,  and  this  addition  ensures  the  weekly  sup- 
ply of  40  barrow-loads.  Calculating  these  at  the 
wholesale,  or  bird-dealer's  price — 2s,  Zd.  a  barrow 
being  an  average — we  find  234/.  yearly  expended 
in  this  sand.  What  is  vended  at  2s.  3(/.  costs  but 
8rf.  at  the  wholesale  price ;  but  the  profit  is 
hardly  earned  considering  the  labour  of  wheeling 
a  heavy  barrow  of  sand  for  miles,  and  the  trouble 
of  keeping  over  night  what  is  unsold  during  the 
day. 

Op  tub  Stkeet-Sellers  of  Suells. 
The  street-trade  in  shells  presents  the  characteris- 
tics I  have  before  had  to  notice  as  reganis  the 
trade  in  what  are  not  necessaries,  or  an  approach 
to  necessaries,  in  contradistinction  of  what  men 
must  have  to  eat  or  wear.  Shells,  such  as  the 
green  snail,  ear  shell,  and  others  of  that  class, 
though  extensively  used  for  inhiying  in  a  variety 
of  ornamental  works,  are  comparatively  of  little 
value  ;  for  no  matter  how  useful,  if  shells  are  only 
well  known,  they  are  considered  of  but  little  im- 
portance; while  those  which  are  rarely  seen,  no 
matter  how  insignificant  in  appearance,  command 
extraordinary  prices.  As  an  instance  I  may 
mention  that  on  the  23rd  of  June  there  was  pur- 
chased by  Mr.  Sowerby,  shell-dealer,  at  a  public 
sale  in  King-street,  Covent-garden,  a  small  shell 
not  two  inches  long,  broken  and  damaged,  and 
withal  what  is  called  a  "  dead  shell,"  for  the  sum 
of  30  guineas.  It  was  described  as  the  Conut 
Olory  Mary,  and  had  it  only  been  perfect  would 
have  fetched  100  guineas. 

Shells,  such  as  conches,  cowries,  preen  snails, 
and  ear  shells  (the  latter  being  so  called  from  their 
resemblance  to  the  human  ear),  are  imported  in 
large  quantities,  as  parts  of  cargoes,  and  are  sold 
to  the  large  dealers  by  weight.  Conch  shells  are 
sold  at  8i.  per  cwt ;  cowries  and  clams  from  1 0*. 
to  \2s.  per  cwt ;  the  green  snail,  used  for  inlaying, 
fetches  from  1/.  to  1/.  10*.  per  cwt. ;  and  the  ear 
shell,  on  account  of  iu  superior  quality  and  richer 
variety  of  coloum,  at  much  at  3/.  and  HI.  per  cwt. 


No.  XXZII. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  conches  are  found  only  among  the  "West  India 
Islands,  and  are  used  principally  for  garden  orna- 
ments and  grotto-work.  The  others  come  prin- 
cipally from  the  Indian  Ocean  and  the  China  seas, 
and  are  used  as  well  for  chimney  ornaments,  as 
for  inlaying,  for  the  tops  of  work-tables  and  other 
ornamental  furniture. 

The  shells  which  are  considered  of  the  most 
value  are  almost  invariably  small,  and  of  an  end- 
less variety  of  shape.  They  are  called  **  cabinet" 
shells,,  and  are  brought  from  all  parts  of  the  world 
— land  as  well  as  sea — lakes,  rivers,  and  oceans 
furnishing  specimens  to  the  collection.  The  Austra- 
lian forests  are  continually  ransacked  to  bring 
to  light  new  varieties.  I  have  been  informed 
that  there  is  not  a  river  in  England  but  contains 
valuable  shells;  that  even  in  the  Thames  there 
are  shells  worth  from  10s.  to  1^.  each.  I  have 
been  shown  a  shell  of  the  snail  kind,  found  in 
the  woods  of  New  Holland,  and  purchased  by 
a  dealer  for  21.,  and  on  Avhich  he  confidently 
reckoned  to  make  a  considerable  profit. 

Although  "  cabinet "  shells  are  collected  from 
all  parts,  yet  by  far  the  greater  number  come 
from  the  Indian  Ocean.  They  are  generally  col- 
lected by  the  natives,  who  sell  them  to  captains 
and  mates  of  vessels  trading  to  those  parts,  and 
very  often  to  sailors,  all  of  whom  frequently 
speculate  to  a  considerable  extent  in  these  things, 
and  have  no  difficulty  in  disposing  of  them  as 
soon  as  they  arrive  in  this  country,  for  there  is 
not  a  shell  dealer  in  London  who  has  not  a  regular 
staff  of  persons  stationed  at  Gravesend  to  board 
the  homeward-bound  ships  at  the  Nore,  and  some- 
times as  far  off  as  the  Downs,  for  the  purpose  of 
purchasing  shells.  It  usually  happens  that  when 
three  or  four  of  these  persons  meet  on  board  the 
same  ship,  an  animated  competition  takes  place,  so 
that  the  shells  on  board  are  generally  bought  up  long 
before  the  ship  arrives  at  London.  Many  persons 
from  this  country  go  out  to  various  parts  of  the 
world  for  the  sole  purpose  of  procuring  shells, 
and  they  may  be  found  from  the  western  coast  of 
Africa  to  the  shores  of  New  South  Wales,  along 
the  Persian  Gulf,  in  Ceylon,  the  Malaccas, 
China,  and  the  Islands  of  the  Pacific,  where  they 
employ  the  natives  in  dredging  the  bed  of  the 
ocean,  and  are  by  this  means  continually  adding 
to  the  almost  innumerable  varieties  which  are 
already  known. 

To  show  the  extraordinary  request  in  which 
shells  are  held  in  almost  every  place,  while  I  was 
in  the  shop  of  Mr.  J.  C.  Jamrach,  naturalist,  and 
agent  to  the  Zoological  Society  at  Amsterdam — one 
of  the  largest  dealers  in  London,  and  to  whom  I 
am  indebted  for  much  valuable  information  on 
this  subject — a  person,  a  native  of  High 
Germany,  was  present.  He  had  arrived  in  Lon- 
don the  day  before,  and  had  purchased  on  that 
day  a  collection  of  shells  of  a  low  quality  for 
which  he  paid  Mr.  Jamrach  36Z.  ;  to  this  he 
added  a  few  birds.  Placing  his  purchase  in  a  box 
furnished  with  a  leather  strap,  he  slung  it  over 
his  shoulder,  shook  hands  with  Mr.  Jamrach,  and 
departed.  Mr.  Jamrach  informed  me  that  the  next 
morning  he  was  to  start  by  steam  for  Eotterdam, 


then  continue  his  journey  up  the  Rhine  to  a  cer- 
tain point,  from  whence  he  was  to  travel  on  foot 
from  one  place  to  another,  till  he  could  dispose  of 
his  commodities  ;  after  which  he  would  return  to 
London,  as  the  great  mart  for  a  fresh  supply.  He 
was  only  a  very  poor  man,  but  there  are  a  great 
many  others  far  better  off,  continually  coming  back- 
wards and  forwards,  who  are  able  to  purchase  a 
larger  stock  of  shells  and  birds,  and  who,  in  the 
course  of  their  peregrinations,  wander  through  the 
greater  part  of  Germany,  extending  their  excur- 
sions sometimes  through  Austria,  the  Tyrol,  and 
the  north  of  Italy.  A  visit  to  the  premises  of 
Mr.  Jamrach,  Ratcliff-highway,  or  Mr.  Samuel, 
Upper  East  Smith  field,  would  well  repay  the 
curious  observer.  The  front  portion  of  Mr.  Jam- 
rach's  house  is  taken  up  with  a  wonderful  variety 
of  strange  birds  that  keep  up  an  everlasting 
screaming ;  in  another  portion  of  the  house  are 
collected  confusedly  together  heaps  of  nondescript 
articles,  which  might  appear  to  the  uninitiated 
worth  little  or  nothing,  but  on  which  the  possessor 
places  great  value.  In  a  yard  behind  the  house, 
immured  in  iron  cages,  are  some  of  the  larger 
species  of  birds,  and  some  beautiful  varieties  of 
foreign  animals — while  in  large  presses  ranged 
round  the  other  rooms,  and  furnished  with  nu- 
merous drawers,  are  placed  his  real  valuables,  the 
cabinet  shells.  The  establishment  of  Mr.  Samuel 
is  equally  curious. 

In  London,  the  dealers  in  shells,  keeping  shops 
for  the  sale  of  them,  amount  to  no  more  than 
ten ;  they  are  all  doing  a  large  business,  and  are 
men  of  good  capital,  which  may  be  proved  by  the 
following  quotation  from  the  day-books  of  one  of 
the  class  for  the  present  year,  viz. : — 

Shells  sold  in  February      .     .     .  £275  0  0 

Ditto,  ditto,  March 471  0  0 

Ditto,  ditto,  April 1389  0  0 

Ditto,  ditto.  May 475  0  0 

Total £2610     0     0 

Profit  on  same,  February  .     .     .  £75  12  0 

Ditto,  ditto,  March 140     0  0 

Ditto,  ditto,  April 323     0  0 

Ditto,  ditto,  May 127     0  0 

Total £665  12     0 

Besides  these  there  are  about  20  private 
dealers  who  do  not  keep  shops,  but  who  never- 
theless do  a  considerable  business  in  this  line 
among  persons  at  the  West  End  of  London.  All 
shell  dealers  add  to  that  occupation  the  sale  of 
foreign  birds  and  curiosities. 

There  is  yet  another  class  of  persons  who  seem 
to  be  engaged  in  the  sale  of  shells,  but  it  is  only 
seeming.  They  are  dressed  as  sailors,  and  appear 
at  all  times  to  have  just  come  ashore  after  a  long 
voyage,  as  a  man  usually  follows  them  with  that 
sort  of  canvas  bag  in  use  among  sailors,  in  which 
they  stow  away  their  clothes;  the  men  themselves 
go  on  before  carrying  a  parrot  or  some  rare  bird  in 
one  hand,  and  in  the  other  a  large  shell.  These 
men  are  the  "duffers"  of  whom  I  have  spoken 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


93 


in  my  account  of  the  sale  of  foreign  birds.  They 
make  shells  a  more  frequent  mediuna  for  the  in- 
troduction of  their  real  avocation,  as  a  shell  is 
a  far  less  troublesome  thing  either  to  hawk  or 
keep  by  them  than  a  parrot. 

I  now  give  a  description  of  these  men,  as  general 
duffers,  and  from  good  authority. 

"  They  are  known  by  jthe  name  of  *  duffei's,'  and 
have  an  exceedingly  cunning  mode  of  transacting 
their  business.  They  are  all  united  in  some  secret 
bond ;  they  have  persons  also  bound  to  them, 
who  are  skilled  in  making  shawls  in  imitation  of 
those  imported  from  China,  and  who,  according  to 
the  terms  of  their  agreement,  must  not  work  for 
any  other  persons.  The  duffers,  from  time  to  time, 
furnish  these  persons  with  designs  for  shawls,  such 
as  caimot  be  got  in  this  country,  which,  when 
completed,  they  (the  duffers)  conceal  about  their 
persons,  and  start  forward  on  their  travels.  They 
contrive  to  gain  admission  to  respectable  houses 
by  means  of  shells  and  sometimes  of  birds,  which 
they  purchase  from  the  regular  dealers,  but  always 
those  of  a  low  quality ;  after  which  they  con- 
trive to  introduce  the  shawls,  their  real  business, 
for  which  they  sometimes  have  realized  prices 
varying  from  51.  to  20/.  In  many  instances,  the 
cheat  is  soon  discovered,  when  the  duffers  imme- 
diately decamp,  to  make  place  for  a  fresh  batch, 
who  have  been  long  enough  out  of  London  to 
make  their  faces  unknown  to  their  former  victims. 
These  remain  till  they  also  find  danger  threaten 
them,  when  they  again  start  away,  and  others 
immediately  take  their  place.  While  away  from 
London,  they  travel  through  all  parts  of  the 
country,  driving  a  good  trade  among  the  coun* 
try  gentlemen's  houses;  and  sometimes  visiting 
the  seaports,  such  as  Liverpool,  Portsmouth,  and 
Plymouth." 

An  instance  of  the  skill  with  which  the  duffers 
sometimes  do  business,  is  the  following.  One  of 
these  persons  some  time  ago  came  into  the  shop  of 
a  shell  dealer,  having  with  him  a  beautiful  speci- 
men of  a  three-coloured  cockatoo,  for  which  he 
asked  10/.  The  shell  dealer  declined  the  purchase 
at  that  price,  saying,  that  he  sold  these  birds  at  il. 
a  piece,  but  offered  to  give  3/.  lOj.  for  it,  which 
was  at  once  accepted  ;  while  pocketing  the  money, 
the  man  remarked  that  he  had  paid  ten  guineas 
for  that  bird.  The  shell  dealer,  surprised  that  so 
good  a  judge  should  be  induced  to  give  so  much 
more  than  the  value  of  the  bird,  was  desirous  of 
bearing  further,  when  the  duffer  made  this  stitc- 
ment : — **  I  went  the  other  day  to  a  gentleman's 
house,  he  was  an  old  officer,  where  I  saw  this 
bird,  and,  in  order  to  get  introduced,  I  offered  to 
ptircbase  it.  The  gentleman  said  he  knew  it  was 
a  valuable  bird,  and  couldn't  think  of  taking  less 
than  ten  guineas.  I  then  offered  to  barter  for  it, 
and  produced  a  abawl,  for  which  I  asked  twenty- 
fire  guineas,  but  offered  to  take  fifteen  guineas 
and  the  bird.  This  was  at  length  agreed  to,  and 
DOW,  having  sold  it  for  3/.  10^.,  it  makes  19/.  Bs. 
I  got  for  the  shawl,  and  not  a  bad  day's  work 
either." 

Of  shells  there  are  about  a  million  of  the  eom> 
moner  aorU  bought  by  the  London  ftreet-tellert  at 


Zs.  'the  gross.  They  are  retailed  at  Id.  apiece, 
or  I2s.  the  gross,  when  sold  separately ;  a  large 
proportion,  as  is  the  case  with  many  articles  of 
taste  or  curiosity  rather  than  of  usefulness,  being 
sold  by  the  London  street-folk  on  country  rounds  ; 
some  of  these  rounds  stretch  half-way  to  Bristol 
or  to  Liverpool. 

Op  tue  River  Beer-Sellers,  or  Purl-Men. 
There  is  yet  another  class  of  itinerant  dealers 
who,  if  not  traders  in  the  streets,  are  traders  in 
what  was  once  termed  the  silent  highway — the 
river  beer-sellers,  or  purl-men,  as  they  are  more 
commonly  called.  These  should  strictly  have  been 
included  among  the  sellers  of  eatables  and  drink- 
ables ;  they  have,  however,  been  kept  distinct, 
being  a  peculiar  class,  and  having  little  in  common 
with  the  other  out-door  sellers. 

I  will  begin  my  account  of  the  river-sellers  by 
enumerating  the  numerous  classes  of  labourers, 
amounting  to  many  thousands,  who  get  their 
living  by  plying  their  respective  avocations  on  the 
river,  and  who  constitute  the  customers  of  these 
men.  There  are  first  the  sailors  on  board  the 
com,  coal,  and  timber  ships  ;  then  the  "  lumpers," 
or  those  engaged  in  discharging  the  timber  ships ; 
the  "  stevedores,"  or  those  engaged  in  stowing 
craft ;  and  the  "  riggers,"  or  those  engaged  in 
rigging  them;  ballast- heavers,  ballast-getters,  corn- 
porters,  coal-whippers,  watermen  and  lightermen, 
and  coal-porters,  who,  although  engaged  in  carrying 
sacks  of  coal  from  the  barges  or  ships  at  the  river's 
side  to  the  shore,  where  there  are  public-houses, 
nevertheless,  when  hard  worked  and  pressed  for 
time,  frequently  avail  themselves  of  the  presence 
of  the  purl-man  to  quench  their  thirst,  and  to 
naval  stimulate  them  to  further  exertion. 

It  would  be  a  remarkable  circumstance  if  the 
fact  of  so  many  persons  continually  employed  in 
severe  labour,  and  who,  of  course,  are  at  times  in 
want  of  refreshment,  had  not  called  into  existence 
a  class  to  supply  that  which  was  evidently  re- 
quired ;  under  one  form  or  the  otlier,  therefore, 
river-dealers  boast  of  an  antiquity  as  old  as  the 
navel  commerce  of  the  country. 

The  prototype  of  the  river  bcer-seller  of  the 
present  day  is  the  bumboat-man.  Bumboats  (or 
rather  ^auwi-boats,  that  is  to  say,  the  boats  of  the 
harbour,  from  the  German  Daum,  a  haven  or  bar) 
are  known  in  every  port  where  ships  are  obliged  to 
anchor  at  a  distance  from  the  shore.  They  are 
stored  with  a  large  assortment  of  articles,  such  as  are 
likely  to  be  required  by  people  after  a  long  voyage. 
Previously  to  the  fornmtion  of  the  various  dock* 
on  the  Thames,  they  were  very  numerous  on  the 
river,  and  drove  a  good  trade  with  the  homeward- 
bound  shipping.  But  since  the  docks  came  into 
requisition,  and  steam-tugs  brought  the  ship* 
from  the  mouth  of  the  river  to  the  dock  entrance, 
their  business  died  away,  and  they  gradually  dji« 
appeared  ;  so  that  a  bumboat  on  the  Thames  at 
the  present  day  would  be  a  sort  of  curiosity,  a 
relic  of  times  past. 

In  former  times  it  was  not  in  the  power  of  any 
person  who  chose  to  follow  the  calling  of  a  bum* 
boat  nuui  on  the  Thamef.      The  Trinity  Com* 


94 


LONDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pany  had  the  power  of  granting  licences  for  this 
purpose.  Whether  they  were  restrained  by  some 
special  clause  in  their  charter,  or  not,  from  giving 
licences  indiscriminately,  it  is  difficult  to  say. 
But  it  is  certain  that  none  got  a  licence  but  a 
sailor — one  who  had  "served  his  country;"  and 
it  was  quite  common  in  those  days  to  see  an  old 
fellow  with  a  pair  of  wooden  legs,  perhaps  blind 
of  an  eye,  or  wanting  an  arm,  and  witli  a  face 
rugged  as  a  rock,  plying  about  among  the  shipping, 
accompanied  by  a  boy  whose  duty  it  was  to  carry 
the  articles  to  the  purchasers  on  shipboard,  and 
help  in  the  management  of  the  boat.  In  the 
first  or  second  year  of  the  reign  of  her  present 
Majesty,  however,  when  the  original  bumboat- 
men  had  long  degenerated  into  the  mere  beer- 
sellers,  and  any  one  who  wished  traded  in  this  line 
on  the  river  (the  Trinity  Company  having  for  many 
years  paid  no  attention  to  the  matter),  an  inquirj' 
took  place,  which  resulted  in  a  regulation  that 
all  the  beer-sellers  or  purl-men  should  thence- 
forward be  regularly  licensed  for  the  river-sale  of 
beer  and  spirits  from  the  \Vaterman's  Hall,  which 
regulation  is  in  force  to  the  present  time. 

It  appears  to  have  been  the  pr.ictice  at  some 
time  or  other  in  this  country  to  infuse  wormwood  ^ 
into  beer  or  ale  previous  to  drinking  it,  either  to 
make  it  sufficiently  bitter,  or  for  some  medicinal 
purpose.  This  mixture  was  called  inirl — why  I 
know  not,  but  Bailey,  the  philologist  of  the 
seventeenth  centurj'^,  so  designates  it.  The  drink 
originally  sold  on  the  river  was  purl,  or  this 
mixture,  whence  the  title,  purl-man.  Now,  how- 
ever, the  wormwood  is  unknown ;  and  what  is 
sold  under  the  name  of  purl  is  beer  warmed  nearly 
to  boiling  heat,  and  flavoured  with  gin,  sugar, 
and  ginger.  The  river-sellers,  however,  still  retain 
the  name,  of  ^jwrZ-men,  though  there  is  not  one  of 
them  with  whom  I  have  conversed  that  has  the 
remotest  idea  of  the  meaning  of  it. 

To  set  up  as  a  purl-man,  some  acquaintance 
with  the  river,  and  a  certain  degree  of  skill  in 
the  management  of  a  boat,  are  absolutely  neces- 
sary;  as,  from  the  frequently-crowded  state  of  the 
pool,  and  the  rapidity  with  which  the  steamers 
pass  and  repass,  twisting  and  wriggling  their  way 
through  craft  of  every  description,  the  unskilful 
adventurer  would  run  in  continual  danger  of 
having  his  boat  crushed  like  a  nutshell.  The 
purl-men,  however,  through  long  practice,  are 
scarcely  inferior  to  the  watermen  themselves  in 
the  management  of  their  boats  ;  and  they  may  be 
seen  at  all  times  easily  working  their  way  through 
every  obstruction,  now  shooting  athwart  the  bows 
of  a  Dutch  galliot  or  sailing-barge,  then  dropping 
astern  to  allow  a  steam-boat  to  pass  till  they  at 
length  reach  the  less  troubled  waters  between  the 
tiers  of  shipping. 

The  first  thingrequired  to  becomea  purl-man  is  to 
procure  a  licence  from  the  Waterman's  Hall,  which 
costs  35.  Qd.  per  annum.  The  next  requisite  is 
the  possession  of  a  boat.  The  boats  used  are  all 
in  the  form  of  skiffs,  rather  short,  but  of  a  good 
breadth,  and  therefore  less  liable  to  capsize  through 
the  swell  of  the  steauiers,  or  through  any  other 
cause.     Thus  equipped  he  then  goes  to  some  of  the 


small  breweries,  where  he  getg  two  "pins,"  or 
small  casks  of  beer,  each  containing  eighteen  pots; 
after  this  he  furnishes  himself  with  a  quart  or  two 
of  gin  from  some  publican,  which  he  carries  in 
a  tin  vessel  with  a  long  neck,  like  a  bottle — an 
iron  or  tin  vessel  to  hold  the  fire,  with  holes  drilled 
all  round  to  admit  the  air  and  keep  the  fuel  burn- 
ing, and  a  huge  bell,  by  no  means  the  least  im- 
portant portion  of  his  fit  out.  Placing  his  two 
pins  of  beer  on  a  frame  in  the  stern  of  the  boat, 
the  spiles  loosened  and  the  brass  cocks  fitted  in, 
and  with  his  tin  gin  bottle  close  to  his  hand  be- 
neath the  seat,  two  or  three  measures  of  various 
sizes,  a  black  tin  pot  for  heating  the  beer,  and  his 
fire  pan  secured  on  the  bottom  of  the  boat,  and 
sending  up  a  black  smoke,  he  takes  his  seat  early 
in  the  morning  and  pulls  away  from  the  shore, 
resting  now  and  then  on  his  oars,  to  ring  the 
heavy  bell  that  announces  his  approach.  Those 
on  board  the  vessels  requiring  refreshment,  when 
they  hear  the  bell,  hail  "Purl ahoy;"  in  an  instant 
the  oars  are  resumed,  and  the  purl-man  is  quickly 
alongside  the  ship. 

The  bell  of  the  purl-man  not  unfrequently  per- 
forms another  very  important  office.  During  the 
winter,  when  dense  fogs  settle  down  on  the  river, 
even  the  regular  watermen  sometimes  lose  them- 
selves, and  flounder  about  bewildered  perhaps  for 
hours.  The  direction  once  lost,  their  shouting  is 
unheeded  or  imheard.  The  purl-man's  bell,  how- 
ever, reaches  the  ear  through  the  siirroimding 
gloom,  and  indicates  his  position ;  when  near 
enough  to  hear  the  hail  of  his  customers,  he  makes 
his  way  unerringly  to  the  spot  by  now  and  then 
sounding  his  bell ;  this  is  immediately  answered 
by  another  shout,  so  that  in  a  short  time  the  glare 
of  his  fire  may  be  distinguished  as  he  emerges 
from  the  darkness,  and  glides  noiselessly  alongside 
the  ship  where  he  is  wanted. 

The  amount  of  capital  necessary  to  start  in  the 
purl  line  may  be  as  follows  : — I  have  said  that  the 
boats  are  all  of  the  skiif  kind — generally  old  ones, 
which  they  patch  up  and  repair  at  but  little  cost. 
They  purchase  these  boats  at  from  3/.  to  6/.  each. 
If  we  take  the  average  of  these  two  sums,  the 
items  will  be — • 


£  s. 

d. 

Boat    . 

4  10 

0 

Pewter  measures  . 

0     5 

0 

Warming-pot 

0     1 

6 

Fire  stove     . 

0     5 

0 

Gallon  can   . 

0    2 

6 

Two  pins  of  beer  . 

0     8 

0 

Quart  of  gin 

0     2 

6 

Sugar  and  ginger  . 

0     1 

0 

Licence 

0     3 

6 

Total  £5  19 

0 

Thus  it  requires,  at  the  very  least,  a  capital  of 
61.  to  set  up  as  a  purl-man. 

Since  the  Waterman's  Hall  has  had  the  granting 
of  licences,  there  have  been  upwards  of  140 
issued  ;  but  out  of  the  possessors  of  these  many  are 
dead,  some  have  left  for  other  business,  and  others 
are  too  old  and  feeble  to  follow  the  occupation 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


95 


any  longer,  bo  that  out  of  the  whole  number 
there  remain  only  35  purl-men  on  the  river, 
and  these  are  thus  divided  :  —  23  ply  their 
trade  in  what  is  called  "the  pool,"  that  is,  from 
Execution  Dock  to  RatcliflF  Cross,  among  the 
coal-laden  ships,  and  do  a  tolerable  business 
amongst  the  sailors  and  the  hard-working  and 
thirsty  coal-whippers ;  8  purl-men  follow  their 
calling  from  Execution  Dock  to  London  Bridge, 
and  sell  their  commodity  among  the  ships  loaded 
with  com,  potatoes,  &c. ;  and  4  are  known  to  fre- 
quent the  various  reaches  below  Limehouse  Hole, 
where  the  colliers  are  obliged  to  lie  at  times  in 
sections,  waiting  till  they  are  sold  on  the  Coal 
Exchange,  and  some  even  go  down  the  river  as 
far  as  the  ballast-lighters  of  the  Trinity  Company, 
for  the  purpose  of  supplying  the  ballast  getters. 
The  purl-men  cannot^sell  much  to  the  unfortunate 
ballast- heavers,  for  they  are  suffering  under  all 
the  horrors  of  an  abominable  truck  system,  and 
are  compelled  to  take  from  the  publicans  about 
Wnpping  and  Shad  well,  who  ai-e  their  employers, 
large  quantities  of  filthy  stuff  compounded  espe- 
cially for  their  use,  for  which  they  are  charged 
exorbitant  prices,  being  thus  and  in  a  variety  of 
other  ways  mercilessly  robbed  of  their  earnings,  so 
that  they  and  their  families  are  left  in  a  state  of 
almost  utter  destitution.  One  of  the  purl  men, 
whose  boat  is  No.  44,  has  hoops  like  those  used 
by  gipsies  for  pitching  their  tents;  these  he  fastens 
to  each  side  of  the  boat,  over  which  he  draws  a 
tarred  canvas  covering,  water-proof,  and  beneath 
this  he  sleeps  the  greater  part  of  the  year,  seldom 
going  ashore  except  for  the  purpose  of  getting  a 
fresh  supply  of  liquors  for  trade,  or  food  for  himself. 
He  generally  casts  anchor  in  some  unfrequented 
nook  down  the  river,  where  he  enjoys  all  the  quiet 
of  8  Thames  hermit,  after  the  labour  of  the  day. 
To  obtain  the  necessary  heat  during  the  winter,  he 
fits  a  funnel  to  his  fire-stove  to  carry  away  the 
smoke,  and  thus  warmed  he  sleeps  away  in  defiance 
of  the  severest  weather. 

It  appears  from  the  facts  above  given  that  210/. 
is  the  gross  amount  of  capital  employed  in  this 
business.  On  an  average  all  the  year  round 
each  purl-man  sells  two  "pins"  of  beer  weekly, 
independent  of  gin  ;  but  little  gin  is  thus  sold 
in  the  summer,  but  in  the  winter  a  considerable 
quantity  of  it  is  used  in  making  the  purl.  The 
men  purchase  the  beer  at  4*.  per  pin,  and  sell  it 
at  id.  per  pot,  which  leaves  them  a  profit  of  As.  on 
the  two  pins,  and,  allowing  them  6(/.  per  day  profit 
on  the  gin,  it  gives  1/.  Is.  per  week  profit  to  each, 
or  a  total  to  all  hands  of  ill.  5«.  per  week,  and  a 
gross  total  of  2457/.  profit  made  on  the  sale  of 
98,280  gallons  of  beer,  beside  gin  sold  on  the 
Thames  in  the  course  of  the  year.  From  this 
amount  must  be  deducted  818/.  10«.,  which  is 
paid  to  boys,  at  the  rate  of  Zs.  6(/.  per  week ;  it 
being  necessary  for  each  purlman  to  employ  a 
lad  to  take  care  of  the  boat  while  he  is  on  board 
the  ships  senring  bis  customers,  or  traversing  the 
tiers.  This  deduction  being  made  leaves  61/.  2s. 
per  annum  to  each  purl- man  as  the  profit  on  his 
year's  trading. 

The    present    race    of   porl-men,   unlike    the 


weather-beaten  tars  who  in  former  times  alone 
were  licensed,  are  generally  young  men,  who 
have  been  in  the  habit  of  following  some  river 
employment,  and  who,  either  from  some  accident 
having  befallen  them  in  the  course  of  their  work, 
or  from  their  preferring  the  easier  task  of  sitting 
in  their  boat  and  rowing  leisurely  about  to  con- 
tinuous labour,  have  started  in  the  line,  and  ulti- 
mately superseded  the  old  river  dealers.  This  is 
easily  explained.  No  man  labouring  on  the  river 
would  purchase  from  a  stranger  when  he  knew 
that  his  own  fellow-workman  was  afloat,  and  was 
prepared  to  serve  him  with  as  good  an  article; 
besides  he  might  not  have  money,  and  a  stranger 
could  not  be  expected  to  give  trust,  but  his  old 
acquaintance  would  make  little  scruple  in  doing  so. 
In  this  way  the  customers  of  the  purl-men  are 
secured  ;  and  many  of  these  people  do  so  much 
more  than  the  average  amount  of  business  above 
stated,  that  it  is  no  unusual  thing  to  see  some 
of  them,  after  four  or  five  years  on  the  river, 
take  a  public-house,  spring  up  into  the  rank  of 
licensed  victuallers,  and  finally  become  men  of 
substance. 

I  conversed  with  one  who  had  been  a  coal- 
whipper.  He  stated  that  he  had  met  with  an 
accident  while  at  work  which  prevented  hun  from 
following  coal-whipping  any  longer.  He  had  fallen 
from  the  ship's  side  into  a  barge,  and  was  for  a  long 
time  in  the  hospital.  When  he  came  out  he  found 
he  could  not  work,  and  had  no  other  prospect 
before  him  but  the  union.  "  I  thought  I  'd 
be  by  this  time  toes  up  in  Stepney  churchyard," 
he  said,  "and  grinning  at  the  lid  of  an  old  coffin." 
In  this  extremity  a  neighbour,  a  waterman,  who 
had  long  known  him,  advised  him  to  take  to  the 
purl  business,  and  gave  him  not  only  the  advice, 
but  sufficient  money  to  enable  him  to  put  it  in 
practice.  The  man  accordingly  got  a  boat,  and 
was  soon  afloat  among  his  old  workmates.  In 
this  line  he  now  makes  out  a  living  for  himself 
and  his  family,  and  reckons  himself  able  to  clear, 
one  week  with  the  other,  from  18*.  to  20».  "  I 
should  do  much  better,"  he  Siiid,  "  if  people 
would  only  pay  what  they  owe ;  but  'there  are 
some  who  never  think  of  paying  anything."  He 
has  between  10/.  and  20/.  due  to  him,  and 
never  expects  to  get  a  farthing  of  it. 

The  following  is  the  form  of  licence  issued  by 
the  Watermen's  Company : — 

INCORPORATED  1827. 
BUMBOAT. 


of 


Height  5  fteet  8\      I  hereby  certify  that 
inche»,  30  years       -  •'  ' 

of  age,  dark 
half,  Milow  com- 
plexion. 

2nd  <k  3rd  Vic. 
csp.  47,  sec.  25. 


,  in  the  parish  of 
in  the  county  of  Middle* 
sex,  is  this  day  registered  in  a 
__^ ^  book  of  the  Company  of  the  Mas- 
ter,' Wardens,  and  Commonalty  of  Watermen  and 
Lightermen  of  the  river  Thames,  kept  for  that 
purpose,  to  use,  work,  or  navigate  a  boat  called 
a  skiff,  named  ,  number  , 

for  the  purpose  of  selling,  disposing  of,  or  exposing 
for  sale  to  and  amongst  the  seamen,  or  other  per- 


96 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


sons  employed  in  and  about  any  of  the  ships  or 
vessels  upon  the  said  river,  any  liquors,  slops,  or 
other  articles  whatsoever,  between  London  Bridge 
and  Limehouse  Hole  ;  but  the  said  boat  is  not  to 
be  used  on  the  said  river  for  any  other  purpose 
than  the  aforesaid. 

Waterman's  Hall, 

Jas.  Banton,  Clerh 

Beside  the  regular  purl-men,  or,  as  they  may  be 
called,  bnmboat-men,  there  are  two  or  three  others 
who,  perhaps  unable  to  purchase  a  boat,  and  take 
out  the  licence,  have  nevertheless  for  a  number  of 
years  contrived  to  carry  on  a  traffic  in  spirits 
among  the  ships  in  the  Thames.  Their  practice  is 
to  carry  a  flat  tin  bottle  concealed  about  their  per- 
son, with  which  they  go  on  board  the  first  ship  in 
a  tier,  where  they  are  well  known  by  those  who 
may  be  there  employed.  If  the  seamen  wish  for 
any  spirit  the  river-vendor  immediately  supplies 
it,  entering  the  name  of  the  customers  served,  as 
none  of  the  vendors  ever  receive,  at  the  time  of  sale, 
any  money  for  what  they  dispose  of;  they  keep 
an  account  till  their  customers  receive  their  wages, 
when  they  always  contrive  to  be  present,  and  in 
general  succeed  in  getting  what  is  owing  to  them. 
What  their  profits  are  it  is  impossible  to  tell, 
perhaps  they  may  equal  those  of  the  regular  purl- 
man,  for  they  go  on  board  of  almost  every  ship 
in  the  course  of  the  day.  When  their  tin  bottle 
is  empty  they  go  on  shore  to  replenish  it,  doing  so 
time  after  time  if  necessary. 

It  is  remarkable  that  although  these  people  are 
perfectly  well  known  to  every  purl-man  on  the 
river,  who  have  seen  them  day  by  day,  for  many 
years  going  on  board  the  various  ships,  and  are 


thoroughly  cognizant  of  the  purpose  of  their  visits, 
there  has  never  been  any  information  laid  against 
them,  nor  have  they  been  in  any  way  interrupted 
in  their*  business. 

There  is  one  of  these  river  spirit-sellers  who 
has  pursued  the  avocation  for  the  greater  part  of 
his  life ;  he  is  a  native  of  the  south  of  Ireland, 
now  very  old,  and  a  little  shrivelled-up  man. 
He  may  still  be  seen  every  day,  going  from  ship 
to  ship  by  scrambling  over  the  quarters  where 
they  are  lashed  together  in  tiers — a  feat  sometimes 
attended  with  danger  to  the  young  and  strong; 
yet  he  works  his  way  with  the  agility  of  a  man 
of  20,  gets  on  board  the  ship  he  wants,  and 
when  there,  Avere  he  not  so  well  known,  he 
might  be  thought  to  be  some  official  sent  to  take 
an'  inventory  of  the  contents  of  the  ship,  for  he 
has  at  all  times  an  ink-bottle  hanging  from  one  of 
his  coat  buttons,  a  pen  stuck  over  his  ear,  spec- 
tacles on  his  nose,  a  book  in  his  hand,  and  really 
has  all  the  appearance  of  a  man  determined  on  doing 
business  of  some  sort  or  other.  He  possesses  a  sort 
of  ubiquity,  for  go  where  you  will  through  any  part 
of  the  pool  you  are  sure  to  meet  him.  He  seems 
to  be  expected  everywhere  ;  no  one  appears  to  be 
surprised  at  his  presence.  Captains  and  mates 
pass  him  by  unnoticed  and  unquestioned.  As  sud- 
denly as  he  comes  does  he  disappear,  to  start  up  in 
some  other  place.  His  visits  are  so  regular,  that 
it  would  scarcely  look  like  being  on  board  ship  if 

"  old  D ,  the  whiskey  man,"  as  he  is  called, 

did  not  make  his  appearance  some  time  during  the 
day,  for  he  seems  to  be  in  some  strange  way 
identified  with  the  river,  and  with  every  ship  that 
frequents  it. 


OF  THE  NUMBERS,  CAPITAL,  AND  INCOME  OF  THE  STREET- 
SELLERS  OF  SECOND-HAND  ARTICLES,  LIVE  ANIMALS, 
MINERAL  PRODUCTIONS,  ETC. 


The  hawkers  of  second-hand  articles,  live  animals, 
mineral  productions,  and  natural  curiosities,  form, 
as  we  have  seen,  large  important  classes  of  the 
street-sellers.  According  to  the  facts  already  given, 
there  appear  to  be  at  present  in  the  streets,  90  sel- 
lers of  metal  wares,  including  the  sellers  of  second- 
hand trays  and  Italian-irons ;  30  sellers  of  old 
linen,  as  wrappers  and  towelling ;  80  vendors  of 
second-hand  (burnt)  linen  and  calico  ;  30  sellers  of 
curtains ;  30  sellers  of  carpeting,  &c. ;  30  sellers 
of  bed-ticking,  &c. ;  6  sellers  of  old  crockery  and 
glass ;  25  sellers  of  old  musical  instruments ;  6 
vendors  of  second-hand  weapons  ;  6  sellers  of  old 
curiosities ;  6  vendors  of  telescopes  and  pocket 
glasses;  30  to  40  sellers  of  other  miscellaneous 
second-hand  articles;  100  sellers  of  men's  second- 
hand clothes  ;  30  sellers  of  old  boots  and  shoes  ; 
15  vendors  of  old  hats ;  50  sellers  of  women's 
second-hand  apparel ;  30  vendors  of  second-hand 
bonnets,  and  10  sellers  of  old  furs;  116  sellers  of 
second-hand  articles  at  Smithfield-market ; — 
making  altogether  725  street-sellers  of  second- 
hand commodities. 

But  some  of  the  above  trades  are  of  a  tem- 


porary character  only,  as  in  the  case  of  the  ven- 
dors of  old  linen  towelling  or  wrappers,  carpets, 
bed-ticking,  &c. — the  same  persons  who  sell  the 
one  often  selling  the  others ;  the  towels  and 
wrappers,  moreover,  are  offered  for  sale  only  on 
the  Monday  and  Saturday  nights.  Assuming, 
then,  that  upwards  of  100  or  one-sixth  of  the 
above  number  sell  two  different  second-hand 
articles,  or  are  not  continually  employed  at  that 
department  of  street-traffic,  we  find  the  total  num- 
ber of  street-sellers  belonging  to  this  class  to  be 
about  500. 

Concerning  the  mimber  selling  live  animals  in 
the  streets,  there  are  50  men  vending  fancy  and 
sporting  dogs ;  200  sellers  and  "  duffers  "  of 
English  birds ;  10  sellers  of  parrots  and  other 
foreign  birds ;  3  sellers  of  birds'-nests,  &c. ;  20 
vendors  of  squirrels ;  6  sellers  of  leverets  and 
wild  rabbits ;  35  vendors  of  gold  and  silver  fish  ; 
20  vendors  of  tortoises;  and  14  sellers  of  snails, 
frogs,  worms,  &c. ;  or,  allowing  for  the  temporary 
and  mixed  character  of  many  of  these  trades,  we 
may  say  that  there  are  200  constantly  engaged 
in  this  branch  of  street-commerce. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


97 


Then  of  the  street-sellers  of  mineral  productions  1 
and  natural  curiosities,  there  are  216  vendors  of  I 
coals;  1500  sellers   of  coke;  14   sellers   of  tan- 
turf;  150  vendors  of  salt;  70  sellers   of  sand; 
26  sellers  of  shells;  or  1969  in  all.     From  this  j 
number  the  sellers  of  shells  must  be  deducted,  ns 
the  shell-trade  is  not  a  special  branch  of  street- 
traffic.     We  may,  therefore,  assert  that  the  number 
of  people  engaged  in  this  latter   class  of  street- 
business  amounts  to  about  1900. 

Now,  adding  all  these  suras  together,  we  have 
the  following  table  as  to  the  numbers  of  indivi- 
duals comprised  in  the, /iJ-5<  division  of  the  London 
street-folk,  viz.  the  street-sellers  : — 

1.  Costermongers  (including  men, 
women,  and  children  engaged  in  the 
sale  of  fish,  fruit,  vegetables,  game, 
poultry,  flowers,  &c.) 80,000 

2.  Street-sellers  of  "green  stuflF," 
including    water-cresses,    chickweed 

and  gra'n'sel,  turf,  &c 2,000 

3.  Street-sellers  of  eatables  and 
drinkables 4,000 

4.  Street-sellers  of  stationery,  lite- 
rature, and  fine  arts 1,000 

5.  Street-sellers  of  manufactured 
articles  of  meul,  crockery,  glass,  tex- 
tile, chemical,  and  miscellaneous  sub- 
•tances 4,000 

6.  Street-sellers  of  second-hand 
articles,  including  the  sellers  of  old 
metal  articles,  old  glass,  old  linen,  old 
clothes,  old  shoes,  &c 500 

7.  Street-sellers  of  live  animals,  as 
dogs,  birds,  gold  and  silver  fish,  squir- 
rels, leverets,  tortoises,  snails,  &c.      .  200 

8.  Street-sellers  of  mineral  produc- 
tions and  natural  curiosities,  as  coals, 

coke,  tan-turf,  salt,  sand,  shells,  &c.  1,900 


Total  Number  of  Street-Sellers   43,640 

These  numbers,  it  should  be  remembered,  are 
given  rather  as  an  approximation  to  the  truth 
than  as  the  absolute  fact.  It  would  therefore  be 
safer  to  say,  making  all  due  allowance  for  the 
temporary  and  mixid  character  of  many  branches 
of  street-commerce,  that  there  are  about  40,000 
people  engaged  in  selling  articles  in  the  streets  of 
London.  I  am  induced  to  believe  that  this  is 
very  near  the  real  number  of  street-sellers,  from 
the  w/toUtaU  returns  of  the  places  where  the 
street-sellers  purchase  their  goods,  and  which  I 
have  always  made  a  point  of  collecting  from  the 
best  authorities  connected  with  the  various 
branches  of  street-traffic.  The  statistics  of  the 
fish  and  green  markets,  the  swag-shops,  the 
old  clothes  exchange,  the  bird-dealers,  which  I 
have  caused  to  be  collected  for  the  first  time 
in  this  country,  all  tend  to  corroborate  this  esti- 
mate. 

The  next  iJoct  to  be  evolved  is  the  amount  of 
capital  invested  in  the  street-sale  of  Second-hand 
Articles,  of  Live  Animals,  and  of  Mineral  Produc- 
tions. And,  first,  as  to  the  money  employed  in 
the  Second-hand  Street-Trade. 


The  following  tables  will  show  the  amount  of 
capital  invested  in  this  branch  of  street-business. 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Metal  Wares. 

30  stalls,  5s.  each  ;  20  barrows,  1^.  £    s.    d. 
each  ;  stock-money  for  50  vendors,  at 

105.  per  head 52  10     0 

Street- Sellei's  of  Second-hand  Metal  Trays. 

Stock-money  for  20  sellers,  at  5s. 

each       500 

Street-Sellers  of  othei'  Second-hand  Metal  Articles, 
cu  Italian  and  Flat  Irons. 

Stock-money  for  20  vendors,  at  5s. 
each;  20  stalls,  at  35.  each.     ...       800 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Linen,  ike. 
Stock-money  for  30  vendors,  at  5s. 
per  head 7  10     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  i^umt)  Linen  and 
Calico. 

Stock-money  for  80  vendors,  at  10*. 
each 40     0     0 

Street- Sellers  of  Second-hand  Curtains. 

Stock-money  for  30  sellers,  at  5s. 
each 7  10     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Carpeting,  Flannels, 
Stocking-legs,  ^c. 

Stock-money  for  30  sellers,  at  6s. 
each 900 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Bed-ticking, 
Sacking,  Fringe,  ^c. 
Stock-money  for  30  sellers,  at  4^. 

each 600 

Street- Sellers  of  Second-hand  Glass  and  Crockery. 

6  barrows,  15*.  each  ;  6  baskets, 
\s.  %d.  each  ;  stock-money  for  6  ven- 
dors, at  55.  each 6     9     0 

Street-Selleis  of  Second-hand  Miscellaneous 
Articles. 

Stock-money  for  5  vendors,  at  155. 

each 3  15     0 

Street-Sellers  and  Duffers  qf  Second-hand  Music. 

Stock-money  for  25  sellers,  at  1^ 

each 25     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Secondhand  Weapons. 

Stock-money  for  6  vendors,  at  1/. 

each 600 

Street-Sellers  qf  Second-hand  Curiosities. 

6  barrows,  155.  each;  stock-money 
for  6  vendors,  at  155.  per  head     .     .       9     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Telescopes  and 
Pocket- Glasses. 

Stock-money  for  6  vendors,  at  4/. 
each  .    . 24     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  other  Miscellaneous  Articles. 

80  stalls,  55.  each ;  stock-money  for 
80  sellers,  at  15*.  each 80    0     0 


Q  8 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


Street-Sell&rs  qf  MeiCs  Second-hand  Clothes. 
100  linen  bags,  at  25.  each  ;  stock-      £    s.    d. 
money  for  100  sellers,  at  153.  each   .     85     0     0 
Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Boots  and  Shoes. 
10  stalls,  at  35.  each ;  30  baskets,  at 
2s.  6d.   each;   stock- money    for    30 
seUers,  at  10*.  each 20     5     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Secondhand  Hats. 

30  irons,two  to  each  man,  at  25.  each; 
60  blocks,  at  Is.  Qd.  per  block;  stock- 
money  for  15  vendors,  at  IO5.  each  .     15     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Women's  Second-hand  Apparel. 

Stock-money  for  50  sellers,  at  10*. 
each ;  60  baskets,  at  25.  6d.  each     .     31     5     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Bonnets. 

10  umbrellas,  at  3s.  each ;  30  bas- 
kets, at  2s.  6d.  each ;  stock-money 
for  30  sellers,  at  55.  each     .     .     .     .     12  15     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Furs. 

Stock-money  for  10  vendors,  at 
7s.  6d.  each. 3  15     0 

Street- Sellers  of  Second-hand  Articles  in 
Synithfield-  market. 

30  sellers  of  harness  sets  and  "col- 
lars, at  an  average  capital  of  155.  each ; 
6  sellers  of  saddles  and  pads,  at  155. 
each ;  10  sellers  of  bits,  at  35.  each  ;  6 
sellers  of  wheel-springs  and  trays,  at 
155.  each ;  6  sellers  of  boards  and 
trestles  for  stalls,  at  IO5.  each ;  20 
sellers  of  barrows,  small  carts,  and 
trucks,  at  51.  each  ;  6  sellers  of  goat 
carriages,  at  3^.  each  ;  6  sellers  of 
shooting  galleries  and  guns  for  ditto, 
and  drums  for  costers,  at  155.  each  ; 
10  sellers  of  measures,  weights,  and 
scales,  at  255.  each  ;  5  sellers  of  po- 
tato cans  and  roasted-chestnut  appa- 
ratus, at  5/.  each  ;  3  sellers  of  ginger- 
beer  trucks,  at  61.  each ;  6  sellers  of 
pea-soup  cans  and  pickled-eel  kettles, 
155.  each ;  2  sellers  of  elder-wine 
vessels,  at  155.  each.  Thus  we  find 
that  the  average  number  of  street- 
sellers  frequenting  Smithfield-market 
once  a  week  is  116,  and  the  average 
capital 217     0     0 


Total  aitount   of  Capital   be- 

LONGIKO      TO       StBEET-SELLEES        OP 

Second-hand  Articles     ...     .  621  14    0 

Steebt-Sbllers'of  Live  Animals. 
Street-Sellers  of  Dogs. 

Stock-money  for  20  sellers  (in- 
cluding kennels  and  keep),  at  5^.  155. 
each  seller .  115     0     0 

Slreet-Sellei's  and  Duffers  of  Birds  {English). 

2400  small  cages  (reckoning  12  to 


each  seller),  at  Qd.  each  ;  1200  long  £  s.  d. 
cages  (allowing  6  cages  to  each  seller), 
at  25.  each  ;  1800  large  cages  (avera- 
ging 9  cages  to  each  seller),  at  2s.  6d. 
each.  Stock-money  for  200  sellers,  at 
2O5.  each 605     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Parrots,  d'C. 

20  cages,  at  IO5.  each;  stock- 
money  for  10  sellers,  at  305.  each      .     25     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Birds'-Nests. 

3  hamper  baskets,  at  6d.  each  .     .  16 

Street-Sellers  of  Squirrels. 

Stock-money  for  20  vendors,  at  IO5. 
each 10     0     0 

Street- Sellers  of  Leverets,  Wild  Rabbits,  d'c. 

6  baskets,  at  25.  each ;  stock-money 
for  6  vendors,  at  55.  each     ....       220 

Street-Sellers  of  Gold  and  Silver  Pish. 

35  glass  globes,  at  25.  each;  35 
small  nets,  at  6d.  each  ;  stock-money 
for  35  vendors,  at  155.  each     ...     30  12     6 

Street-Sellers  of  Tortoises. 

Stock-money  for  20  vendors,  at  IO5. 
each 25     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Snails,  Frogs,   Worms,  Snakes, 
Hedgehogs,  cf;c. 

14  baskets,  at  I5.  each    ....  14     0 


Total  amount  of  Capital  be- 
LONGiNO  to  Street-Sellers  of  Live 
Animals 798  10     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Mineral  Productions  and 
Natural  Curiosities. 

Street- Sellers  of  Coals. 

30  two-horse  vans,  at  701.  each ;  100 
horses,  at  20^.  each ;  100  carts,  at  10^. 
each ;  160  horses,  at  10/.  each ;  20 
donkey  or  pony  carts,  at  1/.  each  ;  20 
donkeys  or  ponies,  at  1^  IO5.  each; 
210  sets  of  weights  and  scales,  at 
1/.  IO5.  each;  stock-money  for  210 
vendors,  at  21.  each 7,485     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Coke. 

100  vans,  at  70/.  each ;  100  horses, 
at  20/.  each  ;  300  carts,  at  10/.  each; 
300  horses,  at  10/.  each;  500  donkey- 
carts,  at  1/.  each  ;  500  donkeys,  at  1/. 
each ;  200  trucks  and  barrows,  at  IO5. 
each ;  4800  sacks  for  the  100  vans,  at 
35.  6d.  each  ;  3600  sacks  for  the  300 
carts ;  3000  sacks  for  the  500  don- 
key carts ;  1652  sacks  for  the  550 
trucks  and  barrows ;  300  sacks  for 
the  50  women;  stock-money  for  1500 
vendors,  at  11.  per  head    .     .     .     19,936  12     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Tan- Turf. 

12  donkeys  and  carts,  at  21.  each  ; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


99 


2  trucks,  at  155.  each  ;  stock-money      £    t.   d. 
for  14  vendors,  at  lOj.  each     ...     82  10     0 

Strtet-Selleri  of  Salt. 
75  donkeys  and  carts,  at   21.  5s. 
each  ;   75    barrows,   at    10^.    each  ; 
stock-money  for  150  vendors,  at  6*. 
each 251     5     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Sand. 
20  horsefl,  at  10/.  each ;  20  carts, 
at  3/.  each  ;  60  Wskets,  at  2s.  each  ; 
wages  of  30  men,  at  Zs.  per  day  for 
each ;  expenses  fur  keep  of  20  horses, 
at  10s.  per  head ;  estimated  stock- 
money  for  30  sellers,  at  5s.  each ;  40 
barrows,  at  15s.  each  ;  stock-money 
for  the  barrow-men,  at  Is.  6d.  each  .  320     5     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Shells. 
Stock-money  for  70  vendors,  at  5*. 
each 17  10     0 

Total    Capital    bblonqiko    to 

STREET-SELLKItS    OF    Ml5ERAL    PRO- 
DUCTIONS, ETC 28,043     2     0 

Rivei'-Sellers  of  Purl. 
35  boats,  at  Al.  10s.  each ;  35  sets 
of  measures,  at  5s.  the  set ;  35  warm- 
ing pots,  at  Is.  6d.  each ;  35  fire-stoves, 
at  5s.  each  ;  35  gallon  cans,  at  2^.  6d. 
each  ;  70  "  pins"  of  beer,  at  is.  per 
"  pin ;"  35  quarts  of  gin,  at  2s.  6d. 
the  quart ;  85  licences,  at  Zs.  6d. ; 
stock-money  for  spice,  8k.,  at  1*.  each  208     5     0 

Hence  it  would  appear  that  the  gross  amount 
of  property  belonging  to  the  street-sellers  may  be 
reckoned  as  follows  : — 

Value  of  stock-in-trade  belonging 
to  costermongers 25,000     0     0 

Ditto  street-sellers  of  green-stuff  .  149     0     0 

Ditto     street-sellers     of    eatables 
and  drinkables 9,000     0     0 

Ditto   street-sellers  of    stationery, 
literature,  and  the  fine  arts      .     .     .  400     0     0 

Ditto    street-sellers    of    manufac- 
tured articles  .     * 2,800     0     0 

Ditto  street-sellers  of  second-hand 
articles 621  14     0 

Ditto  street-sellers  of  live  animals    798  10     0 

Ditto     street-sellers    of     mineral 
productions,  &c 28,043    2     0 

Ditto  river-sellen  of  purl    .     .     .  208     5    0 

Total  Amouxt  of  Capital  bi- 

LOROIHO    TO    THl    LoiDOK     StRXKT- 

SsLLMf .    .    .    .    67,023  11     0 

The  gross  value  of  the  stock  in  trade  of  the 
London  street-sellen  may  then  be  estimated  at 
about  60,000/. 

Ixoom,  OK  "  Takihos,"  of  thi  Strbbt^bluus 

OF  SaOOHD-HAJID  AkTIOLBS. 

We  have  now  to  oMiinato  the  receipts  of  each  of 
the  above-BMaUonod  claMa*. 


Street-Sellers  of  Second-Juind  ^fetal  Wares. 

I  was  told  hy  several  in  this  trade  £  s.  d. 
that  there  were  200  old  metal  sellers 
in  the  streets,  but,  from  the  best  in- 
formation at  my  command,  not  more 
than  50  appear  to  be  strictly  street- 
sellers,  unconnected  with  shopkeep- 
ing.  Estimating  a  weekly  receipt, 
per  individual,  of  15s.  (half  being 
profit),  the  yearly  street  outlay 
among  this  body  amounts  to  ,  .  1,950  '  0  0 
Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Metal- Ti-ays,  Ac. 

Calculating  that  20  persons  take  in 
the  one  or  two  nights*  sale  45.  Ji  week 
each,  on  second-ihand  trays  (33  per 
cent,  being  the  rate  of  profit),  the 
street  expenditure  amounts  yearly  to  208  0  0 
Street- Sellers  qf  otiier  Second-luind  Metal  Articles, 
as  Italian  and  Flat  Irons,  ike. 

There  are,  I  am  informed,  20  per- 
sons selling  Italian  and  fiat  irons  re- 
gularly throughout  the  year  in  the 
streets  of  London  ;  each  takes  upon 
an  average  6«.  weekly,  which  gives 
an  annual  expenditure  of  upwards  of  312  0  0 
Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Linen,  dr. 

There  are  at  present  30  men  and 
women  who  sell  towelling  and  can- 
vas wrappers  in  the  streets  on  Satur- 
day and  Monday  nights,  each  taking 
in  the  sale  of  those  articles  95.  per 
week,  thus  giving  an  annual  outlay 

of 702     0     0 

Street-Sellers  qf  Second-hand  {burnt)  Linen  and 
Calico. 

The  most  intelligent  man  whom  I 
met  with  in  this  trade  calculated  that 
there  were  80  of  these  eecpnd-hand 
street-folk  plying  their  trade  two 
nights  in  the  week;  and  that  they 
took  8*.  each  weekly,  about  half  of  it 
being  profit ;  thus  the  annual  street 
expenditure  would  be  ...  .  1,664  0  0 
Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Curtains. 

From  the  best  data  at  my  command 
there  are  30  individuals  who  are  en- 
gaged in  the  street-sale  of  second- 
band  curtains,  and  reckoning  the 
weekly  takings  of  each  to  be  55.,  we 
find  the  yearly  sum  spent  in  the  streets 
upon  second-hand  curtains  amounts  to  390  0  0 
Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Carpeting,  Flannels, 
Stocking-legs,  d'c. 

lam  informed  that  the  same  persons 
selling  curtidns  sell  also  second-hand 
carpeting,  &c. ;  their  weekly  average 
takings  appear  to  be  about  Ci.  each 
in  the  sale  of  the  above  articles,  thus 
we  have  a  yearly  outlay  of.  .  .  .  468  0  0 
Street-SdUrt  qf  Second-hand  Bed-ticking, 
Sacking,  JfVinge,  Ac. 

The  street-sellers  of  curtains,  car* 


100 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR, 


£    s.   d. 


peting,  &c.,  of  whom  there  are  30, 
are  also  the  street-sellers  of  bed-tick- 
ing, sacking,  fringe,  &c.  Their  weekly- 
takings  for  the  sale  of  these  articles 
amount  to  4s.  each.  Hence  we  find 
that  the  sum  spent  yearly  in  the 
streets  upon  the  purchase  of  bed-tick- 
ing, &c.,  amounts  to ^312     0     0 

,  Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Glass  and 
Crockery. 
Calculating  that  each  of  the  six 
dealers  takes  12s.  weekly,  with  a 
profit  of  6s.  or  7s.,  we  find  there  is 
annually  expended  in  this  department 
of  street-commerce    .     ...     .     .     .187     4     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Miscellaneotts 
Articles. 

From  the  best  data  I  have  been 
able  to  obtain,  it  appears  that  there 
are  five  street-sellers  engaged  in  the 
sale  of  these  second-hand  articles  of 
amusement,  and  the  receipts  of  the 
whole  are  10^.  weekly,  about  half 
being  profit,  thus  giving  a  yearly  ex- 
penditure of 520     0     0 

Street-Sellers  and  Duffers  of  Second-hand  Music. 

A  broker  who  was  engaged  in  this 
traffic  estimated — and  an  intelligent 
street-seller  agreed  in  the  computation 
—that,  take  the  year  through,  at  least 
25  individuals  are  regularly,  but  few 
of  them  fully,  occupied  with  this 
traffic,  and  that  their  weekly  takings 
average  30s.  each,  or  an  aggregate 
yearly  amount  of  1950^.  The  weekly 
profits  run  from  10s.  to  15s.,  and 
sometimes  the  well-known  dealers 
clear  40s.  or  50s.  a  week,  while  others 
do  not  take  5s 1,950     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Weapons. 
In  this  traffic  it  may  be  estimated, 
I  am  assured,  that  there  are  20  men 
engaged,  each  taking,  as  an  average,  1^. 
a  week.  In  some  weeks  a  man  may 
take  51.;  in  the  next  month  he  may 
sell  no  weapons  at  all.  From  30  to 
50  per  cent,  is  the  usual  rate  of  profit, 
and  the  yearly  street  outlay  on  these 
second-hand  offensive  or  defensive 
weapons  is 1,040     0     0 

Street- Sellers  of  Second-hand  Curiosities. 
There  are  not  now  more  than  six 
men  who  carry  on  this  trade  apart 
from  other  commerce.  Their  average 
takings  are  15s.  weekly  each  man, 
about  two-thirds  being  profit,  or 
early 234     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Secondhand  Telescopies  and 
Pocket-QUisses. 

There  are  only  six  men  at  present 
engaged  in  the  sale  of  telescopes  and 
pocket-glasses,     and     their    weekly 


average  takings  are  30s.  each,  giving     £      s.   d. 
a  yearly  expenditure  in  the  streets  of  468     0     0 

Street-Sellers  qf  other  Second-hand  Miscellaneous 
Articles. 
If  we  reckon  that  there  are  30 
street-sellers  carrying  on  a  traffic  in 
second-hand  miscellaneous  articles, 
and  that  each  takes  10s.  weekly,  we 
find  the  annual  outlay  in  the  streets 
upon  these  articles  amounts  to      .     .  780     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Men's  Second-hand  Clothes. 

The  street-sale  of  men's  second- 
hand wearing  apparel  is  carried  on 
principally  by  the  Irish  and  others. 
From  the  best  information  I  can 
gather,  there  appear  to  be  upwards 
of  1200  old  clothes  men  buying 
left-oif  apparel  in  the  metropolis, 
one-third  of  whom  are  Irish.  There 
are,  however,  not  more  than  100  of 
these  who  sell  in  the  streets  the 
articles  they  collect ;  the  average- 
takings  of  each  of  the  sellers  are 
about  20s.  weekly,  their  trading 
being  chiefly  on  the  Saturday  nights 
and  Sunday  mornings.  Their  profits 
are  from  50  to  60  per  cent.  Esti- 
mating the  number  of  sellers  at  100, 
and  their  weekly  takings  at  20s.  each, 
we  have  an  annual  expenditure  of     5,200     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Boots  and  Shoes. 
There  are  at  present  about  30  in- 
dividuals engaged  in  the  street-sale 
of  second-hand  boots  and  shoes  of  all 
kinds;  some  take  as  much  as  30s. 
weekly,  while  others  do  not  take 
more  than  half  that  amount;  their 
profits  being  about  50  per  cent. 
Beckoning  that  the  weekly  average 
takings  are  20s.  each,  we  have  a 
yearly  expenditure  on  second-hand 
boots  and  shoes  of 1,560     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Hats. 
Throughout  the  year  there  are 
not  more  than  15  men  constantly 
"  working "  this  branch  of  street- 
traffic.  The  average  weekly  gains 
of  each  are  about  10s.,  and  in 
order  to  clear  that  sum  they  must 
take  20s.  Hence  the  gross  gains  of 
the  class  will  be  390/.  per  annum, 
while  the  sum  yearly  expended  in  the 
streets  upon  second-hand  hats  will 
amount  altogether  to 780     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Women's  Second-hand  Apparel. 

The  number  of  persons  engaged  in 
the  street-sale  of  women's  second- 
hand apparel  is  about  50,  each  of 
whom  take,  upon  an  average,  15s.  per 
week  ;  one-half  of  this  is  clear  gain. 
Thus  we  find  the  annual  outlay  in 


THE      BONE-GRUBBER. 

IFtam  a  Daguartolnm  by  Bbabd. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


101 


the  streets  upon  women's  second-hand     £      s.   d. 
apparel  is  no  less  than    ....     1,950     0     0 
Street-Sellers  qf  Second-hand  Bonnets. 
There  are  at   present   30  persons 
(nearly  one-half  of  whom  are  milliners, 
and  the  others  street-sellers)  who  sell 
second-hand  straw  and  other  bonnets ; 
some  of  these  are  placed  in  an  um- 
brella   turned    upside    down,   while 
others  are  spread  upon  a  wrapper  on 
the  stones.     The  average  takings  of 
this  class  of  street-sellers  are  about 
12s,  each  per  week,  and  their  clear  gains 
not  more  than  one-half,  thus  giving  a 
yearly  expenditure  of 936     0     0 

Slreet-Silleis  qf  Second-hand  Furs. 

During  fire  months  of  the  year  there 
are  as  many  as  8  or  12  persons  who 
•ell  furs  in  the  street  markets  on 
Saturday  nights,  Sunday  mornings, 
and  Monday  nights.  The  weekly 
average  takings  of  each  is  about  12«., 
nearly  three-fourths  of  which  is  clear 
profit.  Reckoning  that  10  individual* 
are  engaged  20  weeks  during  the  year, 
and  that  each  of  these  takes  weekly 
12^.,  we  find*  the  sum  annually 
expended    in    the    streets    on    furs 

amounts  to 120     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Second-hand  Articles  in  Smith- 
field-market. 

I  am  informed,  by  those  who  are  in 
a  position  to  know,  that  there  are  sold 
on  an  average  every  year  in  Smith- 
field-market  about  624  sets  of  harness, 
at  lis.  per  set;  1560  collars,  at  2s. 
each;  686  pads,  at  Is.  each;  1560 
saddles,  at  5«.  each ;  936  bits,  at  M. 
each;  520  pair  of  wheels,  at  IOj.  per 
pair ;  624  pair  of  springs,  at  %s.  id. 
per  pair;  832  pair  of  trestles,  at 
2s.  6d.  per  pair ;  520  boards,  at  is. 
each;  1820  barrows,  at  25s.  each; 
312  trucks,  at  60i.  each ;  208  trays, 
at  Is.  Zd.  each;  1040  small  carts,  at 
63«.  each  ;  156  goat-carriages,  at  20s. 
each;  520  shooting-galleries,  at  lis. 
each ;  312  gons  for  shooting-galleriefl, 
at  10«.  each ;  1040  dmms  for  costers, 
at  Zs.  each;  2080  measures,  at  Zd. 
each;  2080  pair  of  large  scales,  at 
5s.  pet  pair;  2080  pair  of  hand- 
scales,  at  5d.  per  pair;  80  roasted 
chestnut-apparatus,  at  20s.  each  ;  100 
ginger-beer  trucks,  at  80s.  each ;  20 
eel-kettles,  at  6s.  each;  100  potato- 
cans,  at  17s.  each  ;  10  pea-toap  cans, 
at  5s.  each;  40  elderwine  vessels,  at 
8#.  each;  giring  a  yearly  expendi- 
ture of   10.242    8     8 


Total  Sum  ov  MomiT  Aitkuallt 

TAKBlf  BT  TBI  STmin-SlLUSBfl  OF 

Saooro-BAKD  AasiOLis .    .    .  83,461    1    4 


*TRKET- Sellers  ov  Livk  Animals. 


Street-Sellers  of  Dogs  {Fancy  PsU). 
^  From  the  best  data  it  appears  that  £  s.  d. 
each  hawker  sells  "four  or  five 
occasionally  in  one  week  in  the  sum- 
mer, when  trade's  brisk  and  days 
are  long,  and  only  two  or  three 
the  next  week,  when  trade  may  be 
flat,  and  during  each  week  in  winter, 
when  there  isn't  the  same  chance." 
Calculating,  then,  that  seven  dogs  are 
sold  by  each  hawker  in  a  fortnight, 
at  an  average  price  of  505.  each 
(many  fetch  3^.,  4/.,  and  5^.),  and  sup- 
posing that  but  20  men  are  trad- 
ing in  this  line  the  year  through,  we 
find  that  no  less  a  sura  is  yearly  ex- 
pended in  this  street-trade  than .     .9,100     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Sporting  Dogs. 
The  amount  "  turned  over  "  in  the 
trade  in  sporting  dogs  yearly,  in  Lon- 
don, is  computed  by  the  best  informed 
at  about 12,000     0     0 

Street-Sellers  and  Duffers  qf  Live  Birds. 

(English). 

There  are  in  the  metropolis  200 
street-sellers  of  English  birds,  who 
may  be  said  to  sell  among  them  7000 
linnets,  at  3d.  each ;  3000  bullfinches, 
at  2s.  6d.  each;  400  piping  bullfinches, 
at  63*.  each;  7000  goldfinches,  at 
9rf.  each  ;  1500  chaffinches,  at  2s.  6d. 
each  ;  700  greenfinches,  at  3flf.  each  ; 
6000  larks,  at  Is.  each ;  200  nightin- 
gales, at  Is.  each ;  600  redbreasts,  at 
Is.  each ;  3500  thrushes  and  thrustles, 
at  2s.  6d.  each;  1400  blackbirds,  at 
2s.  6d.  each  ;  1000  canaries,  at  Is. 
each;  10,000  sparrows,  at  Id.  each; 
1500  starlings,  at  1^.  6d.  each  ;  500 
magpies  and  jackdaws,  at  9d.  each ; 
300  redpoles,  at9rf.  each  ;  150  black- 
caps, at  id.  each;  2000  "duffed" 
birds,  at  2s.  6d.  each.  Thus  making 
the  sum  annimlly  expended  in  the 
purchase  of  birds  in  the  streets, 
amount  to 8,624  12    2 

Street-Sellers  of  Parrots,  tke. 

The  number  of  individuals  at  pre- 
sent hawking  parrots  and  other  foreign 
birds  in  the  streets  is  10,  who  sell 
among  them  during  the  year  about 
500  birds.  Reckoning  each  bird  to 
sell  at  1/.,  we  find  the  annual  outlay 
upon  parrots  bought  in  the  streets  to 
be  500/. ;  adding'to  this  the  sale  of 
110  Java  sparrows  and  St  Helena 
birds,  as  Wax-bills  and  Red-beaks  at 
Is.  6d.  each,  we  have  for  the  sum 
yearly  expended  in  the  streets  on  the 
sale  of  foreign  birds 508     5     0 


102 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Street-Sellers  of  Birds'-Nests. 


There  are  at  present  only  three  £  s.  d. 
persons  hawking  birds'-nests,  &c.,  in 
the  streets  during  the  season,  which 
lasts  from  May  to  August;  these 
street-sellers  sell  among  them  400 
nests,  at  2^d.  each ;  144  snakes,  at 
I5.  6d.  each;  4  hedgehogs,  at  Is.  each; 
and  about  2s.'a  worth  of  snails.  This 
makes  the  weekly  income  of  each 
amount  to  about  8s.  6d.  during  a 
period  of  12  weeks  in  the  summer, 
and  the  sum  annually  expended  on 
these  articles  to  come  to      ....     15     6     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Squirrels. 
For  five  months  of  the  year  there 
are  20  men  selling  squirrels  in  the 
streets,  at  from  20  to  50  per  cent, 
profit,  and  averaging  a  weekly  sale  of 
six  each.  The  average  price  is  from 
25.  to  2s.  6d.  Thus  2400  squirrels 
are  vended  yearly  in  the  streets,  at 
a  cost  to  the  public  of 240     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Leverets,'  Wild  Rabbits,  <kc. 

During  the  year  there  are  about 
six  individuals  exposing  for  sale  in  the 
streets  young  hares  and  wild  rabbits. 
These  persons  sell  among  them  300 
leverets,  at  Is.  Qd.  each ;  and  400 
young  wild-rabbits,  at  id.  each,  giving 
a  yearly  outlay  of 29     3     4 

Street-Sellers  of  Gold  and  Silver  Fish. 
If  we  calculate,  in  order  to  allow 
for  the  cessation  of  the  trade  during  the 
winter,  and  often  in  the  summer  when 
costermongering  is  at  its  best,  that 
but  35  gold-fish  sellers  hawk  in  the 
streets  and  that  for  but  half  a  year, 
each  selling  six  dozen  weekly,  at  12s. 
the  dozen,  we  find  65,520  fish  sold, 
at  an  outlay  of 3,276     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Tortoises. 

Estimating  the  number  of  indivi- 
duals selling  tortoises  to  be  20,  and 
the  number  of  tortoises  sold  to  be 
10,000,  at  an  average  price  ©f  Sd. 
each,  we  find  there  is  expended  yearly 
upon  these  creatures  upwards  of  .  .  333  6  8 
Street- Sellers  of  Snails,  Frogs,  d:c. 

There  are  14  snail  gatherers,  and 
they,  on  an  average,  gather  six  dozen 
quarts  each  in  a  year,  which  supplies 
a  total  of  12,096  quarts  of  snails. 
The  labourers  in  the  gardens,  I  am 
informed,  gather  somewhat  more  than 
an  equal  quantity,  the  greater  part 
being  sold  to  the  bird-shops;  so  that 
altogether  the  supply  of  snails  for 
the  caged  thrushes  and  blackbirds  of 
London  is  about  two  millions  and  a 
half.  Computing  them  at  24,000 
quarts,  and  at  2d.  a  quart,  the  annual 


outlay  is  20QI.     Besides  snails,  there      £•]  s. 
are  collected  annually  500  frogs  and  18 
toads,  at  \d.  each,  giving  a  yearly 
expenditure  of 202     3 


Total,  or  Gross  "  Takings,"  op  the 
Street-Sellers  of  Live  Ani- 
mals      23,868  16    4 

Income,  or  "  Takings,"  of  the  Street-Sellers 
OF  Mineral  Productions  and  Natural 
Curiosities. 

Street-Sellers  of  Coals. 

The  number  of  individuals  engaged 
in  the  street-sale  of  coals  is  210; 
these  distribute  2940  tons  of  coals 
weekly,  giving  an  annual  trade  of 
152,880  tons,  at  1^.  per  ton,  and  con- 
sequently a  yearly  expenditure  by 
the  poor  of 152,880     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Coke. 

The  number  of  individuals  engaged 
in  the  street-sale  of  coke  is  1500; 
and  the  total  quantity  of  coke  sold 
annually  in  the  streets  is  computed 
at  about  1,400,000  chaldrons.  These 
are  purchased  at  the  gas  factories  at 
an  average  price  of  8s.  per  chaldron. 
Reckoning  that  this  is  sold  at  4s,  per 
chaldron  for  profit,  we  find  that  the 
total  gains  of  the  whole  class  amount 
to  280,000^.  per  annum,  and  their 
gross  annual  takings  to    .     .     .     840,000     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Tan- Turf. 
The  number  of  tan-turf  sellers  in 
the  metropolis  is  estimated  at  14 ; 
each  of  these  dispose  of,  upon  an 
average,  20,000  per  week,  during 
the  year;  selling  them  at  Is.  per 
hundred,  and  realizing  a  profit  of 
4^0?.  for  each  hundred.  This  makes 
the  annual  outlay  in  the  street-sale  of 
the  above  article  amount  to       .     .7,280     0     0 

Street-Sellers  of  Salt. 

There  are  at  present  150  indi- 
viduals hawking  salt  in  the  several 
streets  of  London;  each  of  these  pay 
at  the  rate  of  2s.  per  cwt.  for  the  salt, 
and  retail  it  at  3  lbs.  for  Id.,  which 
leaves  Is.  Id.  profit  on  every  cwt. 
One  day  with  another,  wet  and  dry, 
each  of  the  street-sellers  disposes  of 
about  2 J  cwt.,  or  18  tons  15  cwt. 
per  day  for  all  hands,  and  this,  de- 
ducting Sundays,  makes  5868  tons 
15  cwt.  in  the  course  of  the  year. 
The  profit  of  Is.  Id.  per  cwt. 
amounts  to  a  yearly  aggregate  profit 
of  6357^.  16s.  Bd.,  or  about  42^. 
per  annum  for  each  person  in  the 
trade;  while  the  sum  annually  ex- 
pended upon  this  article  in  the  streets 
amounts  to 18,095     6     3 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


103 


Stred-SeUtrs  of  Sand.        £    s.   d. 

Calculating  the  sale  at  a  load  of 
nnd  j)er  day,  for  each  horse  and  cart, 
at  21«.  per  load,  we  find  the  sura 
annually  expended  in  house  -  sand 
to  be  6573/. ;  adding  to  this  the  sum 
of  234/.  spent  yearly  in  bird-sand, 
the  total  street-expenditure  is  .  6,807  0  0 
Street-Sellers  of  Shells. 

There  are  about  50  individuals 
disposing  of  shells  at  different  periods 
of  the  year.  These  sell  among  them 
1,000,000  at  \d.  each,  giving  an 
annual  expenditure  of    .     .     .     .     4,166  13     4 

Total,  or  Gross  Takikgs,  of  the 
Street-Sellers  of  Mineral  Pro- 

DUCTIOKS     AND     NaTCRAL      CURI- 
OSITIES     £1,029,228  19     7 


Rivei'-Sellers  of  Purl. 
There  are  at  present  35  men  follow- 
ing the  trade  of  purl-selling  on  the 
river  Thames  to  colliers.  The  weekly 
profits  of  this  class  amount  to  117/.  55. 
per  week,  and  yearly  to  6097/.,  while 
their  annual  takings  is   .     .     .     .     8,190     0     0 

Now,  adding  together  the  above  and  the  other 
foregone  results,  we  arrive  at  the  following  esti- 
mate as  to  the  amount  of  money  annually  expended 
on  the  several  articles  purchased  in  the  streets  of 
the  metropolis. 


"Wet "fish    ....  £1,177,200        £ 

Dry  fish 127,000 

Shellfish 156,600 

Fish  of  all  kinds  .     .  £1,460,800 

Vegetables  ....  £292,400 
Green  fruit  ....  332,200 
Dry  fruit 1,000 

Fruit  and  Vegetables      .     .     .     .        625,600 

Game,  poultry,  rabbits,  &c.      ...  80,000 

Flowers,  roots,  &c 14,800 

Water-cresses 13,900 

Chick  weed,  gru'nsel,  and  turf  for  birds  14,570 

Eatables  and  drinkables 203,100 

Stationery,  literature,  and  fine  arts    .  83,400 

Manufactured  articles 188,200 

Second-hand  articles 29,900 

Live  animals  {including  dogs,  birds, 

and  goldfish) 29,300 

Mineral  productions  (<M  coals,  coke, 

salt,  sand,  <!:c.) 1,022,700 

Total  Sum  bxpended  upon  thb 
VARIOUS  Articles  vended  by  the 
Streei-Sellbrs £3,716,270 

Hence  it  appears  that  the  street-sellers,  of  all 
ages,  in  the  metropolis  are  about  forty  thousand 
in  number — their  stock-in-trade  is  worth  about 
sixty  thousand  pounds — and  their  gross  annual 
takings  or  receipts  amount  to  no  less  than  three 
millions  and  a  half  sterling. 


OF    THE    STREET-BUYERS. 


\ 


Tbs  persons  who  traverse  the  streets,  or  call 
periodically  at  certain  places  to  purchase  articles 
which  are  usually  sold  at  the  door  or  within  the 
house,  are — according  to  the  division  1  laid  down 
in  the  first  number  of  this  work — Street-Buyers. 
The  largest,  and,  in  every  respect,  the  most 
remarkable  body  of  these  traders,  are  the  buyers 
of  old  clothes,  and  of  them  I  shall  speak  sepa- 
rately, devoting  at  the  same  time  some  space  to 
the  Strset-Jkws.  It  will  also  be  necessary  to 
give  a  brief  account  of  the  Jews  generally,  for 
they  are  still  a  peculiar  race,  and  street  and  shop- 
trading  among  them  are  in  many  respects  closely 
blended. 

The  principal  things  bought  by  the  itinerant 
purchasers  consist  of  waste-paper,  hare  and  rabbit 
skins,  old  umbrellas  and  parasols,  bottles  and  glass, 
broken  metal,  rags,  dripping,  grease,  bones,  tea- 
leavet,  and  old  clothes. 

With  the  exception  of  the  buyers  of  waste-paper, 
among  whom  are  many  active,  energetic,  and 
intelligent  men,  the  street-buyers  are  of  the  lower 
sort,  lK>th  as  to  means  and  intelligence.  The  only 
farther  exception,  perhaps,  which  I  need  notice 
here  is,  that  among  some  umbrella-buyers,  there  is 
considemUe  smartness,  and  sometimes,  in  the  re- 
pair or  MimwbI  of  the  ribs,  &&,  a  slight  degree 
of  skOL   Th«  other  street-purchasers — such  as  the 


hare-skin  and  old  metal  and  rag  buyers,  are  often 
old  and  infirm  people  of  both  sexes,  of  whom — 
perhaps  by  reason  of  their  infirmities — not  a  few 
have  been  in  the  trade  from  their  childhood,  and 
are  as  well  known  by  sight  in  their  respective 
rounds,  as  was  the  "  long-remembered  beggar  "  in 
former  times. 

It  is  usually  the  lot  of  a  poor  person  who  has 
been  driven  to  the  streets,  or  has  adopted  such  a 
life  when  an  adult,  to  sell  trilling  things — such 
as  are  light  to  carry  and  require  a  small  outlay — 
in  advanced  age.  Old  men  and  women  totter  about 
offering  lucifer-raalches,  boot  and  stay-laces,  penny 
memorandum  books,  and  such  like.  But  the  elder 
portion  of  the  street-folk  I  have  now  to  speak  of 
do  not  sell,  but  buy.  The  street-seller  commends 
his  wares,  their  cheapness,  and  excellence.  The 
same  sort  of  man,  when  a  buyer,  depreciates  every- 
thing offered  to  him,  in  order  to  ensure  a  cheaper 
bargain,  while  many  of  the  things  thus  obtained 
find  their  way  into  street-sale,  and  are  then  as 
much  commended  for  cheapness  and  goodness,  ns 
if  they  were  the  stock-in-trade  of  an  acute  slop 
advertisement-monger,  and  this  is  done  sometimes 
by  the  very  man  who,  when  a  buyer,  condemned 
them  as  utteriy  valueless,  fiut  this  is  common  to 
all  trades. 


101 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUB  LONDON  POOR. 


Of  the  Street-Buyers  of  Rags,  Broken 
Metal,  Bottles,  Glass,  and  Bones. 

I  CLASS  all  these  articles  under  one  head,  for,  on 
inquiry,  I  find  no  individual  supporting  himself 
by  the  trading  in  any  one  of  them.  I  shall, 
therefore,  describe  the  buyers  of  rags,  broken 
metal,  bottles,  glass,  and  bones,  as  a  body  of  street- 
traders,  but  take  the  articles  in  which  they  traffic 
seriatim,  pointing  out  in  what  degree  they  are,  or 
have  been,  wholly  or  partially,  the  staple  of  several 
distinct  callings. 

The  traders  in  these  things  are  not  unpros- 
perous  men.  The  poor  creatures  who  may  be 
seen  picking  up  rags  in  the  street  are  "  street- 
finders,"  and  not  buyers.  It  is  the  same  with  the 
poor  old  men  who  may  be  seen  bending  under 
an  unsavoury  sack  of  bones.  The  bones  have 
been  found,  or  have  been  given  for  charity,  and 
are  not  purchased.  One  feeble  old  man  whom  I 
met  with,  his  eyes  fixed  on  the  middle  of  the 
carriage-way  in  the  Old  St.  Pancras-road,  and  with 
whom  I  had  some  conversation,  told  me  that  the 
best  friend  he  had  in  the  world  was  a  gentleman 
who  lived  in  a  large  house  near  the  Regent's-park, 
and  gave  him  the  bones  which  his  dogs  had  done 
with  !  "  If  I  can  only  see  hisself,  sir,"  said  the 
old  man,  "  he  's  sure  to  give  me  any  coppers  he 
has  in  his  coat-pocket,  and  that 's  a  very  great 
thing  to  a  poor  man  like  me.  0,  yes,  I  '11  buy 
bones,  if  I  have  any  ha'pence,  rather  than  go 
without  them ;  but  I  pick  them  up,  or  have  them 
given  to  me  mostly." 

The  street-buyers,  who  are  only  buyers,  have 
barrows,  sometimes  even  carts  with  donkeys,  and, 
as  they  themselves  describe  it,  they  "  buy  every- 
thing." These  men  are  little  seen  in  London,  for 
they  "work"  the  more  secluded  courts,  streets, 
and  alleys,  when  in  town  ;  but  their  most  fre- 
quented rounds  are  the  poorer  parts  of  the 
populous  suburbs.  There  are  many  in  Croydon, 
Woolwich,  Greenwich,  and  Deptford.  "  It 's  no 
use,"  a  man  who  had  been  in  the  trade  said  to 
me,  "  such  as  us  calling  at  fine  houses  to  know  if 
they  've  any  old  keys  to  sell !  No,  we  trades 
with  the  poor."  Often,  however,  they  deal  with 
the  servants  of  the  wealthy;  and  their  usual 
mode  of  business  in  such  cases  is  to  leave  a  bill 
at  the  house  a  few  hours  previous  to  their  visit. 
This  document  has  frequently  the  royal  arms  at 
the  head  of  it,  and  asserts  that  the  "firm"  has 

been  established  since  the  year  ,  which  is 

seldom  less  than  half  a  century.  The  hand-bill 
usually  consists  of  a  short  preface  as  to  the  in- 
creased demand  for  rags  on  the  part  of  the  paper- 
makers,  and  this  is  followed  by  a  liberal  offer  to 
give  the  very  best  prices  for  any  old  linen,  or  old 
metal,  bottles,  rope,  stair-rods,  locks,  keys,  drip- 
ping, carpeting,  &c.,  "  in  fact,  no  rubbish  or  lumber, 
however  worthless,  will  be  refused;"  and  gene- 
rally concludes  with  a  request  that  this  "bill" 
may  be  shown  to  the  mistress  of  the  house  and 
preserved,  as  it  will  be  called  for  in  a  couple  of 
hours. 

The  papers  are  delivered  by  one  of  the  "  firm," 
who  marks  on  the  door  a  sign  indicative  of  the 


houses  at  which  the  bill  has  been  taken  in,  and 
the  probable  reception  there  of  the  gentleman  who 
is  to  follow  him.  The  road  taken  is  also  pointed 
by  marks  before  explained,  see  vol.  i.  pp.  218  and 
247.  These  men  are  residents  in  all  quarters 
within  20  miles  of  London,  being  most  nume- 
rous in  the  places  at  no  great  distance  from  the 
Thames.  They  work  their  way  from  their  sub- 
urban residences  to  London,  which,  of  course,  is 
the  mart,  or  "  exchange,"  for  their  wares.  The 
reason  why  the  suburbs  are  preferred  is  that  in 
those  parts  the  possessors  of  such  things  as  broken 
metal,  &c.,  cannot  so  readily  resort  to  a  marine- 
store  dealer's  as  they  can  in  town.  I  am  in- 
formed, however,  that  the  shops  of  the  marine- 
store  men  are  on  the  increase  in  the  more  densely- 
peopled  suburbs ;  still  the  dwellings  of  the  poor 
are  often  widely  scattered  in  those  parts,  and  few 
will  go  a  mile  to  sell  any  old  thing.  They  wait 
in  preference,  unless  very  needy,  for  the  visit  of 
the  street-buyer. 

A  good  many  years  ago — perhaps  until  30  years 
back — rags,  and  especially  white  and  good  linen 
rags,  were  among  the  things  most  zealously  in- 
quired for  by  street-buyers,  and  then  2>d.  a  pound 
was  a  price  readily  paid.  Subsequently  the  paper- 
manufacturers  brought  to  great  and  economical 
perfection  the  process  of  boiling  rags  in  lye  and 
bleaching  them  with  chlorine,  so  that  colour  became 
less  a  desideratum.  A  few  years  after  the  peace 
of  1815,  moreover,  the  foreign  trade  in  rags  in- 
creased rapidly.  At  the  present  time,  about  1200 
tons  of  woollen  rags,  and  upwards  of  10,000  tons 
of  linen  rags,  are  imported  yearly.  These  10,000 
tons  give  us  but  a  vague  notion  of  the  real 
amount.  I  may  therefore  mention  that,  when 
reduced  to  a  more  definite  quantity,  they  show  a 
total  of  no  less  than  twenty-two  millions  four 
hundred  thousand  pounds.  The  woollen  rags 
are  imported  the  most  largely  from  Hamburg  and 
Bremen,  the  price  being  from  5^.  to  17/.  the  ton. 
Linen  rags,  which  average  nearly  20/.  the  ton,  are 
imported  from  the  same  places,  and  from  several 
Italian  ports,  more  especially  those  in  Sicily. 
Among  these  ports  are  Palermo,  Messina,  Ancona, 
Leghorn,  and  Trieste  (the  Trieste  rags  being  ga- 
thered in  Hungary).  The  value  of  the  nigs  an- 
nually brought  to  this  country  is  no  less  than 
200,000/.  What  the  native  rags  may  be  worth, 
there  are  no  facts  on  which  to  ground  an  estimate  ; 
but  supposing  each  person  of  the  20,000,000 
in  Great  Britain  to  produce  one  pound  of  ragg 
annually,  then  the  rags  of  this  country  may  be 
valued  at  very  nearly  the  same  price  as  the  foreign 
ones,  so  that  the  gross  value  of  the  rags  of  Great 
Britain  imported  and  produced  at  home,  would,  in 
such  a  case,  amount  to  400,000/.  From  France, 
Belgium,  Holland,  Spain,  and  other  continental 
kingdoms,  the  exportation  of  rags  is  prohibited, 
nor  can  so  bulky  and  low-priced  a  commodity  be 
smuggled  to  advantage. 

Of  this  large  sum  of  rags,  which  is  independent 
of  what  is  collected  in  the  United  Kingdom,  the 
Americans  are  purchasers  on  an  extensive  scale. 
The  wear  of  cotton  is  almost  unknown  in  many 
parts  of  Italy,  Germany,  and  Hungary;  and  al- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


105 


although  the  linen  in  use  is  coarse  and,  compared 
to  the  Irish,  Scotch,  or  English,  rudely  manu- 
fnctured,  the  foreign  rags  are  generally  linen,  and 
therefore  are  preferred  at  the  paper  mills.  The 
street-buyers  in  this  country,  however,  make  less 
distinction  than  ever,  as  regards  price,  between 
linen  and  cotton  rags. 

The  linen  rag-buying  is  still  prosecuted  exten- 
sively by  itinerant  "  gatherers"  in  the  country,  and 
in  the  further  neighbourhoods  of  London,  but  the 
collection  is  not  to  the  extent  it  was  formerly. 
The  price  is  lower,  and,  owing  to  the  foreign  trade, 
the  demand  is  less  urgent ;  so  common,  too,  is  now 
the  wear  of  cotton,  and  so  much  smaller  that  of 
linen,  that  many  people  will  not  sell  linen  rags,  but 
reserve  them  for  use  in  case  of  cuts  and  wounds, 
or  for  giving  to  their  poor  neighbours  on  any  such 
emergency.  This  was  done  doubtlessly  to  as 
great,  or  to  a  greater  extent,  in  the  old  times,  but 
linen  rags  were  more  plentiful  then,  for  cotton 
shirting  was  not  woven  to  the  perfection  seen  at 
present,  and  many  good  country  housewives  spun 
their  own  linen  sheetings  and  shirtings. 

A  street-buyer  of  the  class  1  have  described, 
upon  presenting  iiimself  at  any  house,  offers  to  buy 
ngs,  broken  metal,  or  glass,  and  for  rags  especially 
there  is  often  a  serious  bargaining,  and  sometimes, 
I  was  told  by  an  itinerant  street-seller,  who  had 
been  an  ear-witness,  a  little  joking  not  of  the  most 
delicate  kind.  For  coloured  rags  these  men  give 
\d.  a  pound,  or  \d.  for  three  pounds  ;  for  inferior 
white  rags  \d.  a  pound,  and  up  to  \\d.  ;  for  the 
best,  2d.  the  pound.  It  is  common,  however,  and 
even  more  common,  I  am  assured,  among  masters 
of  the  old  rag  and  bottle  shops,  than  among  street- 
buyers,  to  announce  2d.  or  Zd.,  or  even  as  much 
as  6<<.,  for  the  best  rags,  but,  somehow  or  other,  the 
rags  taken  for  sale  to  those  buyers  never  are  of 
the  best.  To  offer  6/i.  a  pound  for  rags  is  ridicu- 
lous, but  such  an  offer  may  be  seen  at  some  rag- 
shops,  the  figure  Q,  perhaps,  crowning  a  painting 
of  a  large  plum-pudding,  as  a  representation  of 
what  may  be  a  Christmas  result,  merely  from  the 
thrifty  preservation  of  rags,  grease,  and  dripping. 
Some  of  the  street-buyers,  when  working  the 
suburbs  or  the  country,  attach  a  similar  "  illus- 
tration" to  their  barrows  or  carts.  I  saw  the 
winter  placard  of  one  of  these  men,  which  he 
WM  reserving  for  a  country  excursion  as  far  as 
Rochester,  "  when  the  plum-pudding  time  whs 
•-coming."  In  this  pictorial  advertisement  a  man 
and  woman,  very  florid  and  full-faced,  were  on 
the  point  of  enjoying  a  huge  plum-pudding,  the 
man  flourishing  a  large  knife,  and  looking  very 
hospitable.  On  a  scroll  which  issued  from  his 
mouth  were  the  words  :  "  From  our  rags  I     The 

best  prices  given   by  ,  of    London." 

I      The   woman   in  like  manner  exclaimed  :    "  From 
I     dripping   and  house  fat  !     The  best  prices  given 

by ,  of  London." 

This  roan  told  me  that  at  some  timet,  both  in 
town  and  country,  he  did  not  buy  a  pound  of  n^s 
in  a  week.  He  had  heard  the  old  hands  in  the 
trade  say,  that  20  or  30  years  back  they  could 
''ffaiber"  (the  word  generally  used  for  buying)  twice 
ud  three  ttmei  m  muxj  nga  m  at  prMent.    My 


formant  attributed  this  change  to  two  causes, 
depending  more  upon  what  he  had  heard  from 
experienced  street-buyers  than  upon  his  own 
knowledge.  At  one  time  it  was  common  for  a 
mistress  to  allow  her  maidservant  to  "  keep  a 
rag-bag,"  in  which  all  refuse  linen,  &c.,  was  col- 
lected for  sale  for  the  servant's  behoof;  a  privilege 
now  rarely  accorded.  The  other  cause  was  that 
working-people's  wives  had  less  money  at  their  com- 
mand now  than  they  had  formerly,  so  that  instead 
of  gathering  a  good  heap  for  the  man  who  called 
on  them  periodically,  they  ran  to  a  marine  store- 
shop  and  sold  them  by  one,  two,  and  three  penny- 
worths at  a  time.  This  related  to  all  the  things 
in  the  street-buyer's  trade,  as  well  as  to  rags. 

"  I  've  known  this  trade  ten  years  or  so,"  said 
my  informant,  "  I  was  a  costemionger  before  that, 
and  I  work  coster-work  now  in  the  summer,  and 
buy  things  in  the  winter.  Before  Christmas  is  the 
best  time  for  second-hand  trade.  When  I  set  out 
on  a  country  round — and  I  've  gone  as  far  as 
Guildford  and  Maidstone,  and  St.  Alban's — I  lays 
in  as  great  a  stock  of  glass '  and  crocks  as  I  can 
raise  money  for,  or  as  my  donkey  or  pony — I  've 
had  both,  but  I  'm  working  a  ass  now — can  drag 
without  distressing  him.  I  swops  my  crocks  for 
anythink  in  the  second-hand  way,  and  when  I  've 
got  through  them  I  buys  outright,  and  so  works 
my  way  back  to  London.  I  bring  back  what  I  've 
bought  in  the  crates  and  hampers  I  've  had  to 
pack  the  crocks  in.  The  first  year  as  I  started  I  got 
hold  of  a  few  very  tidy  rags,  coloured  things 
mostly.  The  Jew  I  sold  'em  to  when  I  got  home 
again  gave  me  more  than  I  expected.  0,  lord  no, 
not  more  than  I  asked  !  He  told  me,  too,  that  he  'd 
buy  any  more  I  might  have,  as  they  was  wanted 
at  some  town  not  very  far  oft^  where  there  was  a 
call  for  them  for  patching  quilts.  I  haven't  heard 
of  a  call  for  any  that  way  since.  I  get  less  and 
less  rags  every  year,  I  think.  Well,  I  can't  say 
what  I  got  last  year;  perhaps  about  two  stone. 
No,  none  of  them  was  woollen.  They  're  things 
as  people 's  seldom  satisfied  with  the  price  for,  is 
rags.  I  've  bought  muslin  window  curtains  or 
frocks  as  was  worn,  and  good  for  nothink4)ut  rags, 
but  there  always  seems  such  a  lot,  and  they  weighs 
so  light  and  comes  to  so  little,  that  there  's  sure 
to  be  grumbling.  I  've  sometimes  bought  a  lot  of 
old  clothes,  by  the  lump,  or  I  've  swopped  crocks 
for  them,  and  among  them  there  's  frequently  been 
things  as  the  Jew  in  Petticoat-lane,  what  I 
sells  them  to,  has  put  o'  one  side  as  rags.  If 
I  'd  offered  to  give  rag  prices,  them  as  I  got  'em 
of  would  have  been  offended,  and  have  thought  I 
wanted  to  cheat.  When  you  get  a  lot  at  one  go, 
and  'specially  if  it 's  for  crocks,  you  must  make 
the  best  of  them.  This  for  that,  and  t'other  for 
t'other.  I  stay  at  the  beer-shops  and  little  inns 
in  the  country.  Some  of  the  landlords  looks  very  shy 
•t  one,  if  you  're  a  stranger,  acause,  if  the  police 
detectives  is  after  anythink,  they  go  as  hawkers, 
or  barrowmen,  or  somethink  that  way."  [This 
statement  as  to  the  police  is  correct ;  but  the  man 
did  not  know  how  it  came  to  his  knowledge  ;  he 
had  "  heard  of  it,"  he  believed.]  "  I  've  very 
seldom   slept  in  a  common   lodging-house.     I'd 


106 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


rather  sleep  on  my  barrow."  [I  have  before  had 
occasion  to  remark  the  aversion  of  the  coster- 
monger  class  to  sleep  in  low  lodging-houses. 
These  men,  almost  always,  and  from  the  necessi- 
ties of  their  calling,  have  rooms  of  their  own  in 
London  ;  so  that,  I  presume,  they  hate  to  sleep 
171  public,  as  the  accommodation  for  repose  in 
many  a  lodging-house  may  very  well  be  called.  At 
any  rate  the  costermongers,  of  all  classes  of  street- 
sellers,  when  on  their  countrj-  excursions,  resort 
the  least  to  the  lodging-houses.]  "  The  last  round 
I  had  in  the  country,  as  far  as  Heading  and  Pang- 
bourne,  I  was  away  about  five  weeks,  I  think, 
and  came  back  a  better  man  by  a  pound  ;  that 
was  all.  I  mean  I  had  30  shillings'  worth  of 
things  to  start  with,  and  when  I  'd  got  back, 
and  turned  my  rags,  and  old  metal,  and  things 
into  money,  I  had  50s.  To  be  sure  Jenny  (the 
ass)  and  me  lived  well  all  the  time,  and  I  bought 
a  pair  of  half-boots  and  a  pair  of  stockings  at 
Reading,  so  it  weren't  so  bad.  Yes,  sir,  there 's 
nothing  I  likes  better  than  a  turn  into  the 
country.  It  does  one's  health  good,  if  it  don't 
turn  out  so  well  for  profits  as  it  might." 

My  informant,  the  rag-dealer,  belonged  to  the 
best  order  of  costennongers ;  one  proof  of  this  was 
in  the  evident  care  which  he  had  bestowed  on 
Jenny,  his  donkey.  There  were  no  loose  hairs  on 
her  hide,  and  her  harness  was  clean  and  whole, 
and  I  observed  after  a  pause  to  transact  business  on 
his  round,  that  the  animal  held  her  head  towards 
her  master  to  be  scratched,  and  was  petted  with  a 
mouthful  of  green  grass  and  clover,  which  the 
costermonger  had  in  a  comer  of  his  vehicle. 

Tailors  cxUtings,  which  consist  of  cloth,  satin, 
lining  materials,  fustian,  waistcoatings,  silk,  &c., 
are  among  the  things  which  the  street-buyers  are 
the  most  anxious  to  become  possessed  of  on  a 
country  round ;  for,  as  will  be  easily  understood 
by  those  who  have  read  the  accounts  before  given 
of  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange,  and  of  Petticoat 
and  Rosemary  lanes,  they  are  available  for  many 
purposes  in  London. 

Dressmakers  cuttings  are  also  a  portion  of  the 
street-buyer's  country  traffic,  but  to  no  great  ex- 
tent, and  hardly  ever,  I  am  told,  unless  the  street- 
buyer,  which  is  not  often  the  case,  be  accompanied 
on  his  round  by  his  wife.  In  town,  tailor's  cut- 
tings are  usually  sold  to  the  piece-brokers,  who 
call  or  send  men  round  to  the  shops  or  work- 
shops for  the  purpose  of  buying  them,  and  it  is 
the  same  with  the  dressmaker's  cuttings. 

Old  metal,  or  broken  metal,  for  I  heard  one 
appellation  used  as  frequently  as  the  other,  is 
bought  by  the  same  description  of  traders.  This 
trade,  however,  is  prosecuted  in  town  by  the 
street-buyers  more  largely  than  in  the  country,  and 
so  differs  from  the  rag  business.  The  carriage  of 
old  iron  bolts  and  bars  is  exceedingly  cumbersome ; 
nor  can  metal  be  packed  or  stowed  away  like  old 
clothes  or  rags.  This  makes  the  street-buyer 
indifferent  as  to  the  collecting  of  what  I  heard 
one  of  them  call  "country  iron."  By  "metal" 
the  street-folk  often  mean  copper  (most  especially), 
brass,  or  pewter,  in  contradistinction  to  the  cheaper 
substances  of  iron  or  lead.    In  the  country  they  are 


most  anxious  to  buy  "  metal ;"  whereas,  in  town, 
they  as  readily  purchase  "iron."  When  the 
street-buyers  give  merely  the  worth  of  any  metal 
by  weight  to  be  disposed  of,  in  order  to  be  re- 
melted,  or  re-wrought  in  some  manner,  by  the 
manufacturers,  the  following  are  the  average 
prices  : — Copper,  6d.  per  lb. ;  pewter,  5d. ;  brass, 
5d.;  iron,  6  lbs.  for  Id.,  and  8  lbs.  for  2d.  (a 
smaller  quantity  than  6  lbs.  is  seldom  bought)  ; 
and  Id.  and  l\d.  per  lb.  for  lead.  Old  zinc  is  not  a 
metal  which  "  comes  in  the  way  "  of  the  street- 
buyer,  nor — as  one  of  them  told  me  with  a  laugh 
— old  silver.  Tin  is  never  bought  by  weight  in 
the  streets. 

It  must  be  understood  that  the  prices  I  have 
mentioned  are  those  given  for  old  or  broken 
metal,  valueless  unless  for  re-working.  When  an 
old  metal  article  is  still  available,  or  may  be 
easily  made  available,  for  the  use  for  which  it 
was  designed,  the  street-purchase  is  by  "  the 
piece,"  rather  than  the  weight. 

The  broken  pans,  scuttles,  kettles,  &c.,  con- 
cerning one  of  the  uses  of  which  I  have  quoted 
Mr.  Babbage,  in  page  6  of  the  present  volume,  as 
t(j  the  conversion  of  these  worn-out  vessels  into 
the  light  and  japanned  edgings,  or  clasps,  called 
"  clamps,"  or  "  clips,"  by  the  trunk-makers,  and 
used  to  protect  or  strengthen  the  comers  of  boxes 
and  packing-cases,  are  purchased  sometimes  by 
the  street-buyers,  but  fall  more  properly  under  the 
head  of  what  constitutes  a  portion  of  the  stock-in- 
trade  of  the  street-finder.  They  are  not  bought 
by  weight,  but  so  much  for  the  pan,  perhaps  so 
much  along  with  other  things;  a  halfpenny,  a 
penny,  or  occasionally  two-pence,  and  often  only 
a  farthing,  or  three  pans  for  a  penny.  The  uses 
for  these  things  which  the  street-buyers  have  more 
especially  in  view,  are  not  those  mentioned  by  Mr. 
Babbage  (the  trunk  clamps),  but  the  conversion 
of  them  into  the  "  iron  shovels,"  or  strong  dust- 
pans sold  in  the  streets.  One  street  artisan  sup- 
ports himself  and  his  family  by  the  making  of  dust- 
pans from  such  grimy  old  vessels. 

As  in  the  result  of  my  inquiry  among  the  street- 
sellers  of  old  metal,  I  am  of  opinion  that  the  street- 
buyers  also  are  not  generally  mixed  up  with  the 
receipt  of  stolen  goods.  That  they  may  be  so  to 
some  extent  is  probable  enough  ;  in  the  same  pro- 
portion, perhaps,  as  highly  respectable  tradesmen 
have  been  known  to  buy  the  goods  of  fraudulent 
bankrupts,  and  others.  The  street-buyers  are 
low  itinerants,  seen  regularly  by  the  police  and 
easy  to  be  traced,  and  therefore,  for  one  reason, 
cautious.  In  one  of  my  inquiries  among  the 
young  thieves  and  pickpockets  in  the  low  lodg- 
ing-houses, I  heard  frequent  accounts  of  their 
selling  the  metal  goods  they  stole,  to  "fences," 
and  in  one  particular  instance,  to  the  mistress 
of  a  lodging-house,  who  had  conveniences  for  the 
melting  of  pewter  pots  (called  "  cats  and  kittens  " 
by  the  young  thieves,  according  to  the  size  of 
the  vessels),  but  I  never  heard  them  speak  of  any 
connection,  or  indeed  any  transactions,  with  street- 
folk. 

Among  the  things  purchased  in  great  quantities 
by  the  street-buyers  of  old  metal  are  keys.     The 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


107 


key*  80  bought  are  of  every  size,  are  gene- 
rally very  rusty,  and  present  every  form  of 
manufacture,  from  the  simplest  to  the  most 
complex  wards.  On  my  inquiring  how  such 
a  number  of  keys  without  locks  came  to  be  of- 
fered for  street-sale,  I  was  informed  that  there 
were  often  duplicate  or  triplicate  keys  to  one  lock, 
and  that  in  sales  of  household  furniture,  for  in- 
stance, there  were  often  numbers  of  odd  keys 
found  about  the  premises  and  sold  "  in  a  lump  ; " 
that  locks  were  often  spoiled  and  unsaleable,  wear- 
ing out  long  before  the  keys.  Twopence  a  dozen  is 
an  usual  price  for  a  dozen  "mixed  keys,"  to  a 
street-buyer.  Bolts  are  also  freely  bought  by  the 
street-people,  as  are  holdfasts,  bed-keys,  and  screws, 
•'and  everything," I  was  told, "  which  some  one  or 
other  among  the  poor  is  always  a-wanting." 

A  little  old  man,  who  had  been  many  years  a 
street-buyer,  gave  me  an  account  of  his  purchases 
of  bottles  and  glass.  This  man  had  been  a  soldier 
in  bis  youth ;  had  known,  as  he  said,  "  many  ups 
and  downs;"  and  occasionally  wheels  a  barrow, 
somewhat  larger  and  shallower  than  those  used 
by  masons,  from  which  he  vends  iron  and  tin 
wares,  such  as  cheap  gridirons,  stands  for  hand- 
irons,  dust-pans,  dripping  trays,  &c.  As  he  sold 
these  wares,  he  offered  to  buy,  or  swop  for,  any 
second-band  commodities.  "'  As  to  the  bottle  and 
glass  buying,  sir,"  he  said,  "  it 's  dead  and  buried 
in  the  streets,  and  in  the  country  too.  I  've 
known  the  day  when  I  've  cleared  21.  in  a 
week  by  buying  old  things  in  a  country  round. 
How  long  was  that  ago,  do  you  say,  sir  ]  Why 
perhaps  twenty  years;  yes,  more  than  twenty. 
Now,  I  'd  hardly  pick  up  odd  glass  in  the  street." 
[He  called  imperfect  glass  wares  "  odd  glass."  ] 
"0,  I  don't  know  what's  brought  about  such  a 
change,  but  everything  changes.  I  can't  say 
anything  about  the  duty  on  glass.  No,  I  never 
paid  any  duty  on  my  glass ;  it  ain't  likely.  I  buy 
glass  still,  certainly  I  do,  but  I  think  if  I  depended 
on  it  I  should  be  wishing  myself  in  the  East  Injes 
again,  rather  than  such  a  poor  cons<arn  of  a  busi- 
ness— d n  me  if  I  shouldn  't.     The  last  glass 

bargain  I  made  about  two  months  back,  down 
Limehouse-way,  and  about  the  Commercial-road, 
I  cleared  Id.  by ;  and  then  I  had  to  wheel 
what  I  bought — it  was  chiefly  bottles — about  five 
mile.  It 's  a  trade  would  starve  a  cat,  the  buying 
of  old  glass.  I  never  bought  glass  by  weight,  but 
I  've  heard  of  some  giving  a  halfpenny  and  a 
penny  a  pound.  I  always  bought  by  the  piece  : 
from  a  halfpenny  to  a  shilling  (but  that '%  long 
since)  for  a  bottle ;  and  farthings  and  halfpennies, 
and  higher  and  sometimes  lower,  for  wine  and  other 
glasses  as  was  chipped  or  cracked,  or  damaged,  for 
they  could  be  sold  in  them  days.  People's  got  proud 
now,  I  fancy  that's  one  thing,  and  must  have  every- 
thing slap.  O,  I  do  middling:  I  live  by  one  thing  or 
other,  and  when  I  die  there  '11  just  be  enough  to 
bory  the  old  man."  [This  is  the  first  street-trader 
I  have  met  with  who  made  such  a  statement  as  to 
haring  provided  for  his  interment,  though  I  have 
beard  these  men  occasionally  express  repugnance 
at  the  thoughts  of  being  buried  by  the  parish.]  **  I 
have  a  daughter,  that 's  all  my  family  now ;  she 


does  well  as  a  laundress,  and  is  a  real  good  sort ; 
I  have  my  dinner  with  her  every  Sunday.  She 's 
a  widow  without  any  young  ones.  I  often  go 
to  church,  both  with  my  daughter  and  by  myself, 
on  Sunday  evenings.  It  does  one  good.  I  'm 
fond  of  the  music  and  singing  too.  The  sermon  I 
can  very  seldom  make  anything  of,  as  I  can't  hear 
well  if  any  one 's  a  good  way  off  me  when  he  's 
saying  anythink.  I  buy  a  little  old  metal  some- 
times, but  it 's  coming  to  be  all  up  with  street 
glass-people ;  everybody  seems  to  run  with  their 
things  to  the  ragand-bottle-shops." 

The  same  body  of  traders  buy  also  old  sacking, 
carpeting,  and  moreen  bed-curtains  and  mndow- 
hangings;  but  the  trade  in  them  is  sufficiently 
described  in  my  account  of  the  buying  of  rags,  for 
it  is  carried  on  in  the  same  way,  so  much  per 
pound  (Id.  or  l^d.  or  2d.),  or  so  much  for  the  lot. 

Of  Bones  I  have  already  spoken.  They  are 
bought  by  any  street-collector  with  a  cart,  on 
his  roimd  in  town,  at  a  halfpenny  a  pound,  or 
three  pounds  for  a  penny ;  but  it  is  a  trade,  on 
account  of  the  awkwardness  of  carriage,  little 
cared  for  by  the  regular  street-buyers.  Men,  con- 
nected with  some  bone-grinding-mill,  go  round 
with  a  horse  and  cart  to  the  knackers  and 
butchers  to  collect  bones;  but  this  is  a  portion, 
not  of  street,  but  of  the  mill-owner's,  business. 
These  bones  are  ground  for  manure,  which  is  ex- 
tensively used  by  the  agriculturists,  having  been 
first  introduced  in  Yorkshire  and  Lincolnshire 
about  30  years  ago.  The  importation  of  bones  is 
now  very  great ;  more  than  three  times  as  much 
as  it  was  20  years  back.  The  value  of  the  foreign 
bones  imported  is  estimated  at  upwards  of  300,00UZ. 
yearl}'.  They  are  brought  from  South  America  (along 
with  hides),  from  Germany,  Holland,  and  Belgium. 

The  men  who  most  care  to  collect  bones  in  the 
streets  of  London  are  old  and  infirm,  and  they 
barter  toys  for  them  with  poor  children ;  for  those 
children  sometimes  gather  bones  in  the  streets  and 
put  them  on  one  side,  or  get  them  from  dustholes, 
for  the  sake  of  exchanging  them  for  a  plaything; 
or,  indeed,  for  selling  them  to  any  shopkeeper,  and 
many  of  the  rag-and-bottle- tradesmen  buy  bones. 
The  toys  most  used  for  this  barter  are  paper 
"wind-mills."  These  toy-barterers,  when  they 
have  a  few  pence,  will  buy  bones  of  children 
or  any  others,  if  they  cannot  become  possessed  of 
them  otherwise ;  but  the  carriage  of  the  bones  is  a 
great  obstacle  to  much  being  done  in  this  business. 

In  the  regular  way  of  street-buying,  such  as  I 
have  described  it,  there  are  about  100  men  in  London 
and  the  suburbs.  Some  buy  only  during  a  portion 
of  the  year,  and  none  perhaps  (except  in  the  way 
of  barter)  the  year  round.  They  are  chiefly  of  the 
costermonger  class,  some  of  the  street-buyers  how- 
ever, have  been  carmen's  servants,  or  connected 
with  trades  in  which  they  had  the  care  of  a  horse 
and  cart,  and  so  became  habituated  to  a  street-life. 

There  are  still  many  other  ways  in  which  the 
commerce  in  refuse  and  the  second-hand  street-trade 
is  supplied.  As  the  windmill-seller  for  bones,  so  will 
the  puppet-show  man  for  old  bottles  or  broken 
table-spoons,  or  almost  any  old  trifle,  allow  children 
to  regale  their  eyes  on  the  beauties  of  his  exhibition. 


108 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  trade  expenditure  of  the  street-buyers  it  is 
not  easy  to  estimate.  Their  calling  is  so  mixed 
with  selling  and  bartering,  that  very  probably  not 
one  among  them  can  tell  what  he  expends  in 
huyinff,  as  a  separate  branch  of  his  business.  If 
100  men  expend  15s.  each  weekly,  in  the  pur- 
chase of  rags,  old  metal,  &c.,  and  if  this  trade  be 
prosecuted  for  30  weeks  of  the  year,  we  find 
2250/.  so  expended.  The  profits  of  the  buyers 
range  from  20  to  100  per  cent. 
Of  the  "  Kag-and-Bottle,"  and  the  "  Marine- 
Store,"  Shops. 
The  principal  purchasers  of  any  refuse  or 
worn-out  articles  are  the  proprietors  of  the  rag- 
and-bottle-shops.  Some  of  these  men  make 
a  good  deal  of  money,  and  not  unfrequently 
unite  with  the  business  the  letting  out  of  vans 
for  the  conveyance  of  furniture,  or  for  pleasure 
excursions,  to  such  places  as  Hampton  Court. 
The  stench  in  these  shops  is  positively  sickening. 
Here  in  a  small  apartment  may  be  a  pile  of  rags, 
a  sack-full  of  bones,  the  many  varieties  of  grease 
and  "  kitchen-stuff,"  corrupting  an  atmosphere 
which,  even  without  such  accompaniments,  would 
be  too  close.  The  windows  are  often  crowded  with 
bottles,  which  exclude  the  light ;  while  the  floor 
and  shelves  are  thick  with  grease  and  dirt.  The 
inmates  seem  unconscious  of  this  foulness, — and 
one  comparatively  wealthy  man,  who  showed  me 
his  horses,  the  stable  being  like  a  drawing-room 
compared  to  his  shop,  in  speaking  of  the  many 
deaths  among  his  children,  could  not  conjecture 
to  what  cause  it  could  be  owing.  This  indiffer- 
ence to  dirt  and  stench  is  the  more  remarkable, 
as  many  of  the  shopkeepers  have  been  gentlemen's 
servants,  and  were  therefore  once  accustomed  to 
cleanliness  and  order.  The  door-posts  and  win- 
dows of  the  rag-and-bottle-shops  are  often  closely 
placarded,  and  the  front  of  the  house  is  sometimes 
one  glaring  colour,  blue  or  red ;  so  that  the  place 
may  be  at  once  recognised,  even  by  the  illiterate, 
as  the  "  red  house,"  or  the  "  blue  house."  If 
these  men  are  not  exactly  street-buyers,  they  are 
street-billers,  continually  distributing  hand-bills, 
but  more  especially  before  Christmas.  The  more 
aristocratic,  however,  now  send  round  cards,  and 
to  the  following  purport :  — 
No.  —  No.  — 

THE  HOUSE  TS  'S 

RAG,    BOTTLE,   AND    KITCHEN    STUFF 
WAREHOUSE, 

STREET,  TOWN, 

Where  you  can  obtain  Gold  and  Silver  to  any  amount. 
ESTABLISHED    . 

THE    HIGHEST   PRICE    GIVEN 

For  all  the  undermentioned  articles,  viz; 


Old  Copper,  Brass,  Pew- 
ter, iic. 
Lead,  Iron,  Zinc,  Steel, 

&c.,  &c. 
Old    Horse    Hair,    Mat- 
tresses, &c. 
Old  Books,  Waste  Paper, 

<kc. 
All   kinds  of    Coloured 
Rags 

The  utmost  value  given  for  all  kinds  of  Wearing 

Apparel. 

Furniture  and  Lumber  of  every  description  bought,  and 

full  value  given  at  his  Miscellaneous  Warehouse. 

Articles  sent  for. 


Wax  and  Sptrm  Pieces 
Kitchen  Stuff,  &c. 
Wine  &  Beer  Bottle* 
Eau  de  Cologne,  Soda 

Water 
Doctors'  Bottles,  <fcc. 
White  Linen  Rags 
Bones,  Phials,  &  Broken 

Flint  Glass 


Some  content  themselves  with  sending  hand* 
bills  to  the  houses  in  their  neighbourhood,  which 
many  of  the  cheap  printers  keep  in  type,  so  that 
an  alteration  in  the  name  and  address  is  all  which 
is  necessary  for  any  customer. 

I  heard  that  suspicions  were  entertained  that  it 
was  to  some  of  these  traders  that  the  facilities 
with  which  servants  could  dispose  of  their  pilfer- 
ings  might  be  attributed,  and  that  a  stray  silver 
spoon  might  enhance  the  weight  and  price 
of  kitchen-stuff.  It  is  not  pertaining  to  my 
present  subject  to  enter  into  the  consideration  of 
such  a  matter ;  and  I  might  not  have  alluded  to 
it,  had  not  I  found  the  regular  street-buyers  fond 
of  expressing  an  opinion  of  the  indifferent  honesty 
of  this  body  of  traders ;  but  my  readers  may 
have  remarked  how  readily  the  street-people  have, 
on  several  occasions,  justified  (as  they  seem  to 
think)  their  own  delinquencies  by  quoting  what 
they  declared  were  as  great  and  as  frequent 
delinquencies  on  the  part  of  shopkeepers :  "  I 
know  very  well,"  said  an  intelligent  street-seller 
on  one  occasion,  "  that  two  wrongs  can  never 
make  a  right ;  but  tricks  that  shopkeepers  practise 
to  grow  rich  upon  we  must  practise,  just  as  they 
do,  to  live  at  all.  As  long  as  they  give  short 
weight  and  short  measure,  the  streets  can't  help 
doing  the  same." 

Tlie  rag-and-hottle  and  the  marine-store  shops 
are  in  many  instances  but  different  names  for  the 
same  description  of  business.  The  chief  distinction 
appears  to  be  this  :  the  marine-store  shopkeepers 
(proper)  do  not  meddle  with  what  is  a  very  prin- 
cipal object  of  traffic  with  the  rag-and-bottle  man, 
the  purchase  of  dripping,  as  well  as  of  every  kind 
of  refuse  in  the  way  of  fat  or  grease.  The  marine- 
store  man,  too,  is  more  miscellaneous  in  his 
w^ares  than  his  contemporary  of  the  rag-and-bottle- 
store,  as  the  former  will  purchase  any  of  the 
smaller  articles  of  household  furniture,  old  tea- 
caddies,  knife-boxes,  fire-irons,  books,  pictures, 
draughts  and  backgammon  boards,  bird-cages, 
Dutch  clocks,  cups  and  saucers,  tools  and  brushes. 
The-rag-and-bottle  tradesman  will  readily  pur- 
chase any  of  these  things  to  be  disposed  of  as 
old  metal  or  waste-paper,  but  his  brother  trades- 
man buys  them  to  be  re-sold  and  re-used  for  the 
purposes  for  which  they  were  originally  manu- 
factured. When  furniture,  however,  is  the  staple 
of  one  of  these  second-hand  storehouses,  the 
proprietor  is  a  furniture-broker,  and  not  a  marine- 
store  dealer.  If,  again,  the  dealer  in  these  stores 
confine  his  business  to  the  purchase  of  old  metals, 
for  instance,  he  is  classed  as  an  old  metal  dealer, 
collecting  it  or  buying  it  of  collectors,  for  sale  to 
iron-founders,  coppersmiths,  brass-founders,  and 
plumbers.  In  perhaps  the  majority  of  instances 
there  is  little  or  no  distinction  between  the  esta- 
blishments I  have  spoken  of.  The  dolli/  business 
is  common  to  both,  but  most  common  to  the  marine- 
store  dealer,  and  of  it  1  shall  speak  afterwards. 

These  shops  are  exceedingly  numerous.  Per- 
haps in  the  poorer  and  smaller  streets  they  are 
more  numerous  even  than  the  chandlers'  or  the 
beer-sellers'  places.     At  the  corner  of  a  small 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOE. 


109 


street,  both  in  town  and  the  nearer  suburbs,  will 
frequently  be  found  the  chandler's  shop,  for  the 
sale  of  small  quantities  of  cheese,  bacon,  groceries, 
&C.,  to  the  poor.  Lower  down  may  be  seen  the 
beer-seller's;  and  in  the  same  street  there  is  certain 
to  be  one  rag-and-bottle  or  marine-store  shop,  very 
often  two,  and  not  unfrequently  another  in  some 
adjacent  court. 

I  was  referred  to  the  owner  of  a  marine-store 
shop,  as  to  a  respectable  man,  keeping  a  store  of  the 
best  class.  Here  the  counter,  or  table,  or  whatever 
it  is  to  be  called,  for  it  was  somewhat  nonde- 
script, by  an  ingenious  contrivance  could  be  pushed 
out  into  the  street,  so  that  in  bad  weather  the 
goods  which  were  at  other  times  exposed  in  the 
street  could  be  drawn  inside  without  trouble. 
The  gliisa  frames  of  the  window  were  removable, 
and  were  placed  on  one  side  in  the  shop,  for  in 
the  summer  an  open  casement  seemed  to  be 
preferred.  This  is  one  of  the  remaining  old  trade 
customs  still  seen  in  London  ;  for  previously  to 
the  great  fire  in  1666,  and  the  subsequent  re- 
building of  the  city,  shops  with  open  casements, 
and  protected  from  the  weather  by  overhanging 
caves,  or  by  a  sloping  wooden  roof,  were  general. 

The  house  I  visited  was  an  old  one, and  abounded 
in  closets  and  recesses.  The  fire-place,  which 
apparently  had  been  large,  was  removed,  and  the 
space  was  occupied  with  a  mass  of  old  iron  of  every 
kind  ;  all  this  was  destined  for  the  furnace  of 
the  iron-founder,  wrought  iron  being  preferred  for 
several  of  the  requirements  of  that  trade.  A 
chest  or  range  of  very  old  drawers,  with  defaced 
or  worn-out  labels — once  a  grocer's  or  a  chemist's 
— was  stuffed,  in  every  drawer,  with  old  horse- 
shoe nails  (valuable  for  steel  manufacturers),  and 
hone  and  donkey  shoes  ;  brass  knobs  ;  glass 
stoppers  ;  small  bottles  (among  them  a  number 
of  the  cheap  cast  "hartshorn  bottles");  broken 
pieces  of  brass  and  copper ;  small  tools  (such  as 
shoemakers'  and  harness-makers'  awls),  punches, 
gimlets,  plane-irons,  hammer  heads,  &c. ;  odd  do- 
minoes, dice,  and  backgammon-men  ;  lock  escut- 
cheons, keys,  and  the  smaller  sort  of  locks,  espe- 
cially padlocks ;  in  fine,  any  small  thing  which 
could  be  stowed  away  in  such  a  place. 

In  one  corner  of  the  shop  had  been  thrown, 
the  evening  before,  a  mass  of  old  iron,  then  just 
bought.  It  consisted  of  a  number  of  screws  of 
different  lengths  and  substance ;  of  broken  bars 
and  rails;  of  the  odds  and  ends  of  the  cogged 
wheels  of  machinery,  broken  up  or  worn  out ;  of 
odd-looking  spikes,  and  rings,  and  links ;  all 
heaped  together  and  scarcely  distinguishable. 
These  things  had  all  to  be  assorted ;  some  to 
be  fold  for  re-ase  in  their  then  form  ;  the  others  to 
be  sold  that  they  might  be  melted  and  cast  into 
other  forms.  The  floor  was  intricate  with  hampers 
of  bottle* ;  heaps  of  old  boots  and  shoes ;  old 
decks  and  work-boxes;  pictures  (all  modem) 
with  and  without  frames ;  waste-paper,  the  most 
of  it  of  quarto,  and  lome  larger  sized,  soiled  or 
torn,  and  strung  closely  together  in  weights  of 
from  2  to  7  lbs. ;  and  a  fire-proof  safe,  staffed 
with  old  fringes,  tassels,  and  other  upholstery- 
goods,  worn  and  dtsooloafed.     The  miscellaneous 


wares  were  carried  out  into  the  street,  and  ranged 
by  the  door-posts  as  well  aa  in  front  of  the  house. 
In  some  small  out-houses  in  the  yard  were  piles 
of  old  iron  and  tin  pans,  and  of  the  broken  or 
separate  parts  of  harness. 

From  the  proprietor  of  this  establishment  I  had 
the  following  account : — • 

"  I  've  been  in  the  business  more  than  a  dozen 
years.  Before  that,  I  was  an  auctioneer's,  and  then 
a  furniture  broker's,  porter.  I  wasn't  brought  up  to 
any  regular  trade,  but  just  to  jobbing  about,  and 
a  bad  trade  it  is,  as  all  trades  is  that  ain't  regular 
employ  for  a  man.  I  had  some  money  when  my 
father  died — he  kept  a  chandler's  shop — and  I 
bought  a  marine."  [An  elliptical  form  of  speech 
among  these  traders.]  "I  gave  10^.  for  the  stock, 
and  6/.  for  entrance  and  good-will,  and  agreed 
to  pay  what  rents  and  rates  was  due.  It  was  a 
smallish  stock  then,  for  the  business  had  been 
neglected,  but  I  have  no  reason  to  be  sorry  for 
my  bargain,  though  it  might  have  been  better. 
There  's  lots  tiiken  in  about  good-wills,  but  perhaps 
not  so  many  in  my  way  of  business,  because  we  're 
rather  'fly  to  a  dodge.'  It 's  a  confined  sort  of  life, 
but  there  'a  no  help  for  that.  Why,  as  to  ray  way 
of  trade,  you  'd  be  surprised,  what  different  sorts 
of  people  come  to  my  shop.  I  don't  mean  the 
regular  hands  ;  but  the  chance  comers.  I  've  had 
men  dressed  like  gentlemen— and  no  doubt  they 
was  respectable  when  they  was  sober — bring  two 
or  three  books,  or  a  nice  cigar  case,  or  anythink 
that  don't  show  in  their  pockets,  and  say,  when  as 
drunk  as  blazes,  *  Give  me  what  you  can  for  this ; 
I  want  it  sold  for  a  particular  purpose.'  That  par- 
ticular purpose  was  more  drink,  I  should  say;  and 
I  've  known  the  same  men  come  back  in  less  than 
a  week,  and  buy  what  they  'd  sold  me  at  a  little 
extra,  and  be  glad  if  I  had  it  by  me  still.  0,  we 
sees  a  deal  of  things  in  this  way  of  life.  Yes, 
poor  people  run  to  such  as  me.  I  've  known  them 
come  with  such  things  as  teapots,  and  old  hair 
mattresses,  and  flock  beds,  and  then  I  'm  sure 
they  're  hard  up — reduced  for  a  meal.  I  don't 
like  buying  big  things  like  mattresses,  though  I  do 
purchase  'em  sometimes.  Some  of  these  sellers  are 
as  keen  as  Jews  at  a  bargain ;  others  seem  only 
anxious  to  get  rid  of  the  things  and  have  hold  of 
some  bit  of  money  anyhow.  Yes,  sir,  I  've  known 
their  hands  tremble  to  receive  the  money,  and 
mostly  the  women's.  They  haven't  been  used  to 
it,  I  know,  when  that  'fl  the  case.  Perhaps  they 
comes  to  sell  to  me  what  the  pawns  won't  tike  in, 
and  what  they  wpuldn't  like  to  be  seen  selling  to 
any  of  the  men  that  goes  about  buying  things  in 
the  street. 

"  Why,  I  'vo  bought  evcrythink ;  at  sales  by 
auction  there's  often  'lots'  made  up  of  differ- 
ent things,  and  they  goes  for  very  little.  I 
buy  of  people,  too,  that  come  to  nic,  and  of  the 
regular  hands  that  supply  such  shops  as  mine.  I 
sell  retail,  and  I  sell  to  hawkers.  I  sell  to 
anybody,  for  gentlemen  '11  come  into  my  sh^p  to 
buy  anythink  that 's  took  their  fancy  in  passing. 
Yes,  I  've  bought  old  oil  paintings.  I  've  heard 
of  some  being  bought  by  people  in  ray  way  as 
have  tamed   out  stunners,  and  was  sold   for  a 


No.  XXZIII. 


H 


110 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


hundred  pounds  or  more,  and  cost,  perhaps,  half- 
a-crown  or  only  a  shilling.  I  never  experienced 
such  a  tiling  myself.  There 's  a  good  deal  of  gammon 
about  it.  Well,  it  'a  hardly  possible  to  say  anything 
about  a  scale  of  prices.  I  give  2d.  for  an  old  tfn 
or  metal  teapot,  or  an  old  saucepan,  and  some- 
times, two  days  after  I  've  bouglit  such  a  thing, 
I  've  sold  it  for  3(^.  to  the  man  or  woman  I  've 
bought  it  of.  I  '11  sell  cheaper  to  them  than  to  any- 
body else,  because  they  come  to  me  in  two  ways — 
both  as  sellers  and  buyers.  For  pictures  I've  given 
from  Zd.  to  Is.  I  fancy  they  're  among  the  last 
things  some  sorts  of  poor  people,  which  is  a  bit 
fanciful,  parts  with.  I  've  bought  them  of 
hawkers,  but  often  I  refuse  them,  as  they  've  given 
more  than  I  could  get.  Pictures  requires  a  judge. 
Some  brought  to  me  was  published  by  newspapers 
and  them  sort  of  people.  Waste-paper  I  buy  as 
it  comes.  I  can't  read  very  much,  and  don't  un- 
derstand about  books.  I  take  the  backs  off  and 
■weighs  them,  and  gives  \d.,  and  l^d.,  and  2tZ. 
a  pound,  and  there  's  an  end.  I  sell  them  at 
about  \d.  a  pound  profit,  or  sometimes  less,  to  men 
as  we  calls  'waste'  men.  It's  a  poor  part  of 
our  business,  but  the  books  and  paper  takes  up 
little  room,  and  then  it 's  clean  and  can  be  stowed 
anywhere,  and  is  a  sure  sale.  Well,  the  people 
as  sells  'waste'  to  me  is  not  such  as  can  read,  I 
think;  I  don't  know  what  they  is;  perhaps  they  're 
such  as  obtains  possession  of  the  books  and  what- 
not after  the  death  of  old  folks,  and  gets  them 
out  of  the  way  as  quick  as  they  can.  I  know 
nothink  about  what  they  are.  Last  week,  a  man 
in  black — he  didn't  seem  rich — came  into  my 
shop  and  looked  at  some  old  books,  and  said  '  Have 
you  any  black  lead?  He  didn't  speak  plain,  and 
I  could  hardly  catch  him.  I  said,  *  No,  sir,  I  don't 
sell  black  lead,  but  you  '11  get  it  at  No.  27,'  but 
he  answered,  '  Not  black  lead,  but  black  letter,' 
speaking  very  pointed.  I  said,  *  No,'  and  I 
haven't  a  notion  what  he  meant. 

"  Metal  (copper)  that  I  give  5cZ.  or  6\d.  for, 
I  can  sell  to  the  merchants  from  Q\d.  to  %d.  the 
pound.  It 's  no  great  trade,  for  they  '11  often 
throw  things  out  of  the  lot  and  say  they  're  not 
metal.  Sometimes,  it  would  hardly  be  a  farthing 
in  a  shilling,  if  it  war'n't  for  the  draught  in  the 
scales.  When  we  buys  metal,  we  don't  notice  the 
quarters  of  the  pounds ;  all  under  a  quarter  goes 
for  nothink.  When  we  buys  iron,  all  under  half 
pounds  counts  nothink.  So  when  we  buys  by  the 
pound,  and  sells  by  the  hundredweight,  there 's  a 
little  help  from  this,  which  we  calls  the  draught. 

"  Glass  bottles  of  all  qualities  I  buys  at  three 
for  a  halfpenny,  and  sometimes  four,  up  to  2d.  a- 
piece  for  'good  stouts'  (bottled-porter  vessels),  but 
very  seldom  indeed  2(Z.,  unless  it's  something  very 
prime  and  big  like  the  old  quarts  (quart  bottles).  I 
seldom  meddles  with  decanters.  It 's  very  few 
decanters  as  is  offered  to  me,  either  little  or  big, 
and  I  'm  shy  of  them  when  they  are.  There  's 
such  a  change  in  glass.  Them  as  buys  in  the 
streets  brings  me  next  to  nothing  now  to  buy ; 
they  both  brought  and  bought  a  lot  ten  year  back 
and  later.  I  never  was  in  the  street-trade  in 
second-hand,  but  it 's  not  what  it  was.     I  sell  in 


the  streets,  when  I  put  things  outside,  and  know 
all  about  the  trade. 

"  It  ain't  a  fortnight  back  since  a  smart  female 
servant,  in  slap-up  black,  sold  me  a  basket-full  of 
doctor's  bottles.  I  knew  her  master,  and  he  hadn't 
been  buried  a  week  before  she  come  to  mo,  and 
she  said,  '  missus  is  glad  to  get  rid  of  them,  for  they 
makes  her  cry.'  They  often  say  their  raissusses 
sends  things,  and  that  they  're  not  on  no  account 
to  take  less  than  so  much.  That 's  true  at  times, 
and  at  times  it  ain't.  I  gives  from  \\d.  to  Zd.  a 
dozen  for  good  new  bottles.  I  'm  sure  I  can't 
say  what  I  give  for  other  odds  and  ends  ;  iust  as 
they  're  good,  bad,  or  indifferent.  It's  a  queer  trade. 
Well,  I  pay  ni}--  way,  but  I  don't  know  what  I  clear 
a  week — about  21.  I  dare  say,  but  then  there  's 
rent,  rates,  and  taxes  to  pay,  and  other  expenses." 

The  Dolly  system  is  peculiar  to  the  rag- 
and-bottle  man,  as  well  as  to  the  marine-store 
dealer.  The  name  is  derived  from  the  black 
wooden  doll,  in  white  apparel,  which  generally 
hangs  dangling  over  the  door  of  the  marine-store 
shops,  or  of  the  "  rag-and-bottles,"  but  more  fre- 
quently the  last-mentioned.  This  type  of  the 
business  is  sometimes  swung  above  their  doors  by 
those  who  are  not  dolly-shop  keepers.  The  dolly- 
shops  are  essentially  pawn-s!iops,  and  pawn-shops 
for  the  very  poorest.  There  are  many  articles 
which  the  regular  pawnbrokers  decline  to  accept 
as  pledges.  Among  these  things  are  blankets,  rugs, 
clocks,  flock-beds,  common  pictures,  '•'  translated  " 
boots,  mended  trowsers,  kettles,  saucepans,  trays, 
&c.  Such  things  are  usually  styled  "  lumber."  A 
poor  person  driven  to  the  necessity  of  raising  a 
few  pence,  and  unwilling  to  part  finally  with  his 
lumber,  goes  to  the  dolly-man,  and  for  the  merest 
trifle  advanced,  deposits  one  or  other  of  the  articles 
I  have  mentioned,  or  something  similar.  For  an 
advance  of  2d.  or  Zd.,  a  halfpenny  a  week  is 
charged,  but  the  charge  is  the  same  if  the  pledge 
be  redeemed  next  day.  If  the  interest  be  paid  at 
the  week's  end,  another  If?,  is  occasionally  advanced, 
and  no  extra  charge  exacted  for  interest.  If  the 
interest  be  not  paid  at  the  week  or  fortnight's  end, 
the  article  is  forfeited,  and  is  sold  at  a  large  profit 
by  the  dolly-shop  man.  For  4c?.  or  Qd.  advanced, 
the  weekly  interest  is  Id.)  for  dd.  it  is  \\d.; 
for  Is.  it  is  2d.,  and  2d.  on  each  Is.  up  to  5s., 
beyond  which  sum  the  "dolly"  will  rarely  go;  in 
fact,  he  will  rarely  advance  as  much.  Two  poor 
Irish  flower  girls,  whom  I  saw  in  the  course  of  my 
inquiry  into  that  part  of  street-traffic,  had  in  the 
winter  very  often  to  pledge  the  rug  under  which 
they  slept  at  a  dolly-shop  in  the  morning  for  Qd., 
in  order  to  provide  themselves  with  stock-money 
to  buy  forced  violets,  and  had  to  redeem  it  on 
their  return  in  the  evening,  when  they  could,  for 
7d.  Thus  Qd.  a  week  was  sometimes  paid  for  a 
daily  advance  of  that  sum.  Some  of  these  "illicit" 
pawnbrokers  even  give  tickets. 

This  incidental  mention  of  what  is  really  an 
immense  trade,  as  regards  the  number  of  pledges, 
is  all  that  is  necessary  under  the  present  head  of 
inquiry,  but  I  purpose  entering  into  this  branch 
of  the  subject  fully  and  minutely  when  I  come  to 
treat  of  the  class  of  "  distributors." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Ill 


The  invjuities  to  which  the  poor  are  subject  are 
posiuvely  monstrous.  A  halfpenny  a  day  interest 
on  a  loan  of  2d.  is  at  the  rate  of  7280  2>^  ^^^t- 
per  annum  ! 

Or  TUE  BrTERS  of  KiTcnEN-SicFF,  Grease, 
AXD  Drippikg. 
This  body  of  traders  cannot  be  classed  as  street- 
buyers,  so  that  only  a  brief  account  is  here  neces- 
sary. The  buyers  are  not  now  chance  people, 
itinerant  on  any  round,  as  at  one  period  they 
were  to  a  great  extent,  but  they  are  the  proprietors 
of  the  rag  and  bottle  and  marine-store  shops,  or 
those  they  employ. 

In  this  business  there  has  been  a  considerable 
change.  Until  of  late  years  women,  often  wear- 
ing suspiciously  large  cloaks  and  carrying  baskets, 
ventured  into  perhaps  every  area  in  London,  and 
asked  for  the  cook  at  every  house  where  they 
thought  a  cook  might  be  kept,  and  this  often  at 
early  morning.  If  the  well-cloaked  woman  was 
known,  business  could  be  trnnsncted  without 
delay :  if  she  were  a  stranger,  she  recommended 
herself  by  offering  very  liberal  terms  for  "  kitchen- 
stuff.''  The  cook's,  or  kitchen-maid's,  or  servant- 
of-all-work's  "  perquisites,"  were  then  generally 
disposed  of  to  these  collectors,  some  of  whom  were 
charwomen  in  the  houses  they  resorted  to  for  the 
purchase  of  the  kitchen-stuff.  They  were  often 
satisfied  to  purchase  the  dripping,  &c.,  by  the 
lump,  estimating  the  weight  and  the  value  by  the 
eye.  In  this  tniffic  was  frequently  mixed  up  a 
good  deal  of  pilfering,  directly  or  indirectly.  Silver 
spoons  were  thus  disposed  of.  Candles,  purposely 
broken  and  crushed,  were  often  part  of  the  grease ; 
in  the  drippinc,  butter  occasionally  added  to  the 
weight ;  in  the  "  stock "  (the  remains  of  meat 
boiled  down  for  the  making  of  soup)  were  some- 
tiroes  portions  of  excellent  meat  fresh  from  the 
joints  which  had  been  carved  at  table;  and  among 
the  broken  bread,  might  be  frequently  seen  small 
loaves,  unbroken. 

There  is  no  doubt  that  this  mode  of  traffic  by 
itinerant  charwomen,  &c.,  is  still  carried  on,  but 
to  a  much  snialier  extent  than  formerly.  The 
cook's  perquisites  are  in  many  cases  sold  under 
the  inspection  of  the  mistress,  according  to  agree- 
ment ;  or  taken  to  the  shop  by  the  cook  or  some 
fellow-servant ;  or  else  sent  for  by  the  shopkeeper. 
This  is  done  to  check  the  confidential,  direct,  and 
immediate  trade-intercourse  between  merely  two 
individiuils,  the  buyer  and  seller,  by  making  the 
transaction  more  open  and  regular.  I  did  not  hear 
of  any  persons  who  merely  purchase  the  kitchen- 
stuff,  as  ttrect-buyerfl,  and  sell  it  at  once  to  the 
tallow-melter  or  the  soap-boiler  ;  it  appears  all  to 
tind  itji  way  to  the  shops  I  have  described,  even 
when  bought  by  charwomen  ;  while  the  »hop- 
keepers  tend  for  it  or  receive  it  in  the  way  I 
have  stated,  so  that  there  u  bat  little  of  street 
traffic  in  the  matter. 

One  uf  these  shopkeepers  told  me  that  in  this 
tradiiitr,  as  far  as  his  own  opinion  went,  there  was 
as  much  trickery  as  ever,  and  that  many  gentle- 
,     folk  quietly  made  up  their  minds  to  submit  to  it, 
while  others,  be  said,  "kept  the  house  in  hot 


water  "  by  resisting  it.  I  found,  however,  the 
general  opinion  to  be,  that  wlien  servants  could 
only  dispose  of  these  things  to  known  people,  the 
responsibility  of  the  buyer  as  well  as  the  seller 
was  increased,  and  acted  as  a  preventive  check. 

The  price  for  kitchen-stuff  is  Id.  and  l\d.  the 
pound  ;  for  dripping — used  by  the  poor  as  a  sub- 
stitute for  butter — S^e?.  to  5c^ 

Of  the  Sxreet-IBuyeus  of  Hare  and 
Rabbit  Skins. 
These  buyers  are  for  the  most  part  poor,  old,  or 
infirm  people,  and  I  am  informed  that  the  majority 
have  been  in  some  street  business,  and  often  as 
buyers,  all  their  lives.  Besides  having  derived 
this  information  from  well-informed  persons,  I  may 
point  out  that  this  is  but  a  reasonable  view  of  the 
case.  If  a  mechanic,  a  labourer,  or  a  gentleman's 
servant,  resorts  to  the  streets  for  his  bread,  or 
because  he  is  of  a  vagrant  "  turn,"  he  does  not 
become  a  htiyer,  but'a  seller.  Street-selling  is  the 
easier  process.  It  is  easy  for  a  man  to  ascer- 
tain that  oysters,  for  example,  are  sold  wholesale 
at  Billingsgate,  and  if  he  buy  a  bushel  (as  in 
the  present  summer)  for  5s.,  it  is  not  difficult 
to  find  out  how  many  he  can  afford  fur  "  a  penny 
a  lot."  But  the  street-buyer  must  not  only  know 
what  to  give,  for  hare-skins  for  instance,  but  what 
he  can  depend  upon  getting  from  the  hat-manu- 
facturers, or  hat-furriers,  and  upon  having  a  regular 
market.  Thus  a  double  street-trade  knowledge  is 
necessary,  and  a  novice  will  not  care  to  meddle 
with  any  form  of  open-air  traffic  but  the  simplest. 
Neither  is  street-buying  (old  clothes  excepted) 
generally  cared  for  by  adults  who  have  health  and 
strength. 

In  the  course  of  a  former  inquiry  I  received  an 
account  of  hareskin-buying  from  a  woman,  upwards 
of  fifty,  who  had  been  in  the  trade,  she  told  me, 
from  childhood,  "  as  was  her  mother  before  her." 
The  husbandj  who  was  lame,  and  older  than  his 
wife,  had  been  all  his  life  a  field-catcher  of  birds, 
and  a  street-seller  of  hearth-stones.  They  had 
been  married  31  years,  and  resided  in  a  garret 
of  a  house,  in  a  street  off  Drury-lane — a  small 
room,  with  a  close  smell  about  it.  The  room  was 
not  unfurnished — it  was,  in  fact,  crowded.  There 
were  bird-cages,  with  and  without  birds,  over  what 
uas  once  a  bed  ;  for  the  bed,  just  prior  to  my  visit, 
had  been  sold  to  pay  the  rent,  and  a  month's  rent 
was  again  in  arrear  ;  and  there  were  bird-cages  on 
the  wall  by  the  door,  and  bird-cages  over  the 
mantelshelf.  There  was  furniture,  too,  and 
crockery ;  and  a  vile  oil  painting  of  "  still  life  ;" 
but  an  eye  used  to  the  furniture  in  the  rooms  of 
the  poor  could  at  once  perceive  that  there  was  not 
one  article  which  could  be  sold  to  a  broker  or 
marine-store  dealer,  or  pledged  at  a  pawn-shop. 
I  was  told  the  man  and  woman  both  drank  hard. 
The  woman  said  : — 

"  I  've  sold  hareskins  all  my  life,  sir,  and  was 
bom  in  L')ndon  ;  but  when  hareskins  isn't  in, 
I  sells  flowers.  I  goes  about  now  (in  November) 
for  my  skins  every  day,  wet  or  dry,  and  all  day 
long-that  is,  till  it's  dark.  To-day  I've  not 
bid  out  a  penny,  but  then  it 's  been  such  a  day 


112 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


for  rain.  I  reckon  that  if  I  gets  hold  of  eighteen 
bare  and  rabbit  skins  in  a  day,  that  is  my  greatest 
day's  work.  I  gives  Id.  for  good  hares,  what 's 
not  riddled  much,  and  sells  them  all  for  2  Jc?.  I  sells 
what  I  pick  up,  by  the  twelve  or  the  twenty,  if 
I  can  afford  to  keep  them  by  me  till  that  num- 
ber's  gathered,  to  a  Jew.  I  don't  know  what  is 
done  witli  them.  I  can't  tell  you  just  what  use 
they  're  for — something  about  hats."  [The  Jew 
was  no  doubt  a  hat-furrier,  or  supplying  a  hat- 
furrier.]  "  Jews  gives  us  better  prices  than 
Christians,  and  buys  readier;  so  I  find.  Last 
week  I  sold  all  I  bought  for  35.  6c?.  I  take 
some  Aveeks  as  much  as  8s.  for  what  I  pick 
up,  and  if  I  could  get  that  every  week  I  should 
think  myself  a  ladj-.  The  profit  left  me  a  clear 
half-crown.  There's  no  difference  in  any  per- 
ticler  year — only  that  things  gets  worse.  The 
game  laws,  as  far  as  I  knows,  hasn't  made  no 
difference  in  my  trade.  Indeed,  I  can't  say  I 
knows  anything  about  game  laws  at  all,  or  hears 
anything  consarning  'em.  I  goes  along  the  squares 
and  streets.  I  buys  most  at  gentlemen's  houses. 
We  never  calls  at  hotels.  The  servants,  and  the 
women  that  chars,  and  washes,  and  jobs,  mannges 
it  there.  Hareskins  is  in — leastways  I  c'lects 
them — from  September  to  the  end  of  March, 
when  hares,  they  says,  goes  mad,  I  can't  say 
what  I  makes  one  week  with  another — perhaps 
25.  6c?.  may  be  cleared  every  week." 

These  buyers  go  regular  rounds,  carrying  the 
skins  in  their  hands,  and  crying,  "  Any  hare- 
fikins,  cook  ?  Hareskins."  It  is  for  the  most 
part  a  winter  trade ;  but  some  collect  the  skins 
all  the  year  round,  as  the  hares  are  now  vended 
the  year  through;  but  by  far  the  most  are 
gathered  in  the  winter.  Grouse  may  not  be 
killed  excepting  from  the  12th,  and  black-game 
from  the  20th  of  August  to  the  10th  of  De- 
cember ;  partridges  from  the  1st  of  September  to 
the  1st  of  February ;  while  the  pheasant  suffers 
a  shorter  season  of  slaughter,  from  the  1st  of 
October  to  the  1st  of  February ;  but  there  is  no 
time  restriction  as  to  the  killing  of  hares  or  of 
rabbits,  though  custom  causes- a  cessation  for  a 
few  months. 

A  lame  man,  apparently  between  50  and  60, 
with  a  knowing  look,  gave  me  the  following  ac- 
count. "When  I  saw  him  he  was  carrying  a  few 
tins,  chiefly  small  dripping-pans,  under  his  arm, 
which  he  offered  for  sale  as  he  went  his  round 
collecting  hare  and  rabbit-skins,  of  which  he  carried 
but  one.  He  had  been  in  the  streets  all  his  life, 
as  his  mother — he  never  knew  any  father — was  a 
rag-gatherer,  and  at  the  same  time  a  street-seller 
of  the  old  brimstone  matches  and  papers  of  pins. 
My  informant  assisted  his  mother  to  make  and 
then  to  sell  the  matches.  On  her  last  illness  she 
was  received  into  St.  Giles's  workhouse,  her  son 
supporting  himself  out  of  it;  she  had  been  dead 
many  years.  lie  could  not  read,  and  had  never 
been  in  a  church  or  chapel  in  his  life.  "  He  had 
been  married,"  he  said,  "  for  about  a  dozen  years, 
and  had  a  very  good  wife,  who  was  also  a  street- 
trader  until  her  death ;  but  "  we  didn't  go  to  church 
or  anywhere  to  be  married,"  he  told  me,  in  reply  to 


my  question,  "  for  we  really  couldn't  afford  to  pay 
the  parson,  and  so  we  took  one  another's  words. 
If  it 's  so  good  to  go  to  church  for  being  mar- 
ried, it  oughtn't  to  cost  a  poor  man  nothing ;  he 
shouldn't  be  charged  for  being  good.  I  doesn't 
do  any  business  in  town,  but  has  my  regular 
rounds.  This  is  my  Kentish  and  Camden-town 
day.  I  buys  most  from  the  servants  at  the  bet- 
termost  houses,  and  I  'd  rather  buy  of  them  than 
the  missusses,  for  some  missusses  sells  their  own 
skins,  and  they  often  want  a  deal  for  'em.  Why, 
just  arter  last  Christmas,  a  young  lady  in  that 
there  house  (pointing  to  it),  after  ordering  me 
round  to  the  back-door,  came  to  me  with  two 
hareskins.  They  certainly  was  fine  skins — werry 
fine.  I  said  I'd  give  \\d.  'Come  now,  my 
good  man,'  says  she,"  and  the  man  mimicked  her 
voice,  "'let  me  have  no  nonsense.  I  can't  be 
deceived  any  longer,  either  by  you  or  my  ser- 
vants ;  so  give  me  8<?.,  and  go  about  your  busi- 
ness.' Well,  I  went  about  my  business  ;  and  a 
woman  called  to  buy  them,  and  offered  id.  for 
the  two,  and  the  lady  was  so  wild,  the  servant 
told  me  arter;  howsomever  she  only  got  id.  at  last. 
She 's  a  regular  screw,  but  a  fine-dressed  one.  I 
don't  know  that  there  's  been  any  change  in  my 
business  since  hares  was  sold  in  the  shops.  If 
there's  more  skins  to  sell,  there's  more  poor 
people  to  buy.  I  never  tasted  hares'  flesh  in  my 
life,  though  I  've  gathered  so  many  of  their  skins. 
I  've  smelt  it  when  they  've  been  roasting  them 
where  I  've  called,  but  don't  think  I  could  eat 
any.  I  live  on  bread  and  butter  and  tea,  or 
milk  sometimes  in  hot  weather,  and  get  a  bite  of 
fried  fish  or  anything  when  I  'm  out,  and  a  drop 
of  beer  and  a  smoke  when  I  get  home,  if  I  can 
afford  it.  I  don't  smoke  in  my  own  place,  I  uses 
a  beer-shop.  I  pay  I5.  Qd.  a  week  for  a  small 
room ;  I  want  little  but  a  bed  in  it,  and  have  my 
own.  I  owe  three  weeks'  rent  now;  but  I  do 
best  both  with  tins  and  hareskins  in  the  cold 
weather.  Monday 's  my  best  day.  0,  as  to  rab- 
bit-skins, I  do  werry  little  in  them.  Them  as 
sells  them  gets  the  skins.  Still  there  is  a  few  to 
be  picked  up  ;  such  as  them  as  has  been  sent 
as  presents  from  the  country.  Good  rabbit-skins 
is  about  the  same  price  as  hares,  or  perhaps 
a  halfpenny  lower,  take  them,  all  through.  I 
generally  clears  M.  a  dozen  on  my  hare  and 
rabbit-skins,  and  sometimes  %d.  Yes,  I  should 
say  that  for  about  eight  months  I  gathers  four 
dozen  every  week,  often  five  dozen.  I  suppose  I 
make  55.  or  65.  a  week  all  the  year,  with  one 
thing  or  other,  and  a  lame  man  can't  do  wonders, 
I  never  begged  in  my  life,  but  I  've  twice  had 
help  from  the  parish,  and  that  only  when  I  was 
very  bad  (ill).  0,  I  suppose  -I  shall  end  in  the 
great  house." 

There  are,  as  closely  as  I  can  ascertain,  at 
least  50  persons  buying  skins  in  the  street ;  and 
calculating  that  each  collects  50  skins  weekly  for 
32  weeks  of  the  year,  we  find  80,000  to  be  the 
total.  This  is  a  reasonable  computation,  for  there 
are  upwards  of  102,000  hares  consigned  yearly 
to  Newgate  and  Leadenhall  markets ;  while  the 
rabbits   sold   yearly  in   London  amount  to  about 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


113 


1,000,000;  but,  as  I  have  shown,  very  few  of 
their  skins  are  disposed  of  to  street- buyers. 

Of  the  Sxreet-Bctehs  of  Waste  (Paper). 
Betokd  all  others  the  street-piirchase  of  waste 
paper  is  the  most  curious  of  any  in  the  hands  of 
the  class  I  now  treat  of.  Some  may  have  formed 
the  notion  that  waste  paper  is  merely  that  which 
is  soiled  or  torn,  or  old  numbers  of  newspapers,  or 
other  periodical  publications;  but  this  is  merely  a 
portion  of  the  trade,  as  the  subsequent  account 
will  show. 

The  men  engaged  in  this  business  have  not 
onfrequently  an  apartment,  or  a  large  closet,  or 
recess,  for  the  reception  of  their  purchases  of  paper. 
They  collect  their  paper  street  by  street,  calling 
upon  every  publisher,  coffee-shi<p  keeper,  printer, 
or  publican  (but  rarely  on  a  publican),  who  may 
be  a  seller  of  "  waste."  I  heard  the  refuse  paper 
called  nothing  but  "  waste "  after  the  general 
elliptical  fashion.  Attorneys'  offices  are  often 
Tisited  by  these  buyers,  as  are  the  offices  of  public 
men,  such  as  tax  or  rate  collectors,  generally. 

One  man  told  me  that  until  about  ten  years 
ago,  and  while  he  was  a  youth,  he  was  em- 
ployed by  a  relation  in  the  trade  to  carry  out 
waste  paper  sold  to,  or  ordered  by  cheesemongers, 
Ac,  but  that  he  never  "collected,"  or  bought 
paper  himself.  At  last  he  thought  he  would 
start  on  his  own  account,  and  the  first  person  he 
called  upon,  he  said,  was  a  rich  landlady,  not  far 
from  Hungerford-market,  whom  he  saw  sometimes 
at  her  bar,  and  who  was  always  very  civil.  He 
took  an  opportunity  to  ask  her  if  she  "  happened 
to  have  any  waste  in  the  house,  or  would  have 
any  in  a  week  or  so  V  Seeing  the  landlady  look 
surprised  and  not  very  weU  pit  ased  at  what  cer- 
tainly appeared  an  impertinent  inquiry,  he  has- 
tened to  explain  that  he  meant  old  newspapers,  or 
anything  that  way,  which  he  would  be  glad  to 
buy  at  so  much  a  pound.  The  landlady  however 
took  in  but  one  daily  and  one  weekly  paper  (both 
sent  into  the  countiy  when  a  day  or  so  old),  and 
having  had  no  dealings  with  men  of  my  inform- 
ant's avocation,  could  not  understand  his  object  in 
putting  such  questions. 

Every  kind  of  paper  is  purchased  by  the 
"  waste-men."  One  of  these  dealers  said  to  me  ; 
"  I  've  often  in  my  time  '  cleared  out '  a  lawyer's 
office.  I  've  bought  old  briefs,  and  other  law 
papers,  and  '  forms '  that  weren't  the  regular  forms 

then,  and  any  d d  thing  they  had  in  my  line. 

You  '11  excuse  me,  sir,  but  1  couldn't  help  thinking 
what  a  lot  of  misery  was  caused,  perhaps,  by  the 
ewts.  of  waste  I  've  bought  at  such  places.  If  my 
Cather  hadn't  got  mixed  up  with  law  he  wouldn't 
hate  been  rnmed,  and  bis  children  wouldn't  have 
had  ittch  ft  hard  fight  of  it ;  so  I  hate  law.  All 
that  happened  when  I  was  a  child,  and  I  never 
understood  the  right*  or  the  wrongs  of  it,  and 
don't  like  to  think  of  people  that 's  so  foolish.  I 
gave  l^d.  a  pound  for  all  I  bcmght  at  the  lawyers, 
and  done  pretty  well  with  it,  but  very  likely 
that's  the  only  good  turn  such  paper  ever  did 
any  one— nnless  it  were  the  lawyers  themselves." 

The  waste^lealers  do  not  confine  their  purcbaMS 


to  the  tradesmen  I  have  mentioned.  They  buy 
of  any  one,  and  sometimes  act  as  middlemen  or 
brokers.  For  instance,  many  small  sUitioners  and 
newsvendors,  sometimes  tobacconists  in  no  exten- 
sive way  of  trade,  sometimes  chandlers,  announce 
by  a  bill  in  their  windows,  "  Waste  Paper  Bought 
and  Sold  in  any  Quantity,"  while  more  frequently 
perhaps  the  trade  is  carried  on,  as  an  understood 
part  of  these  small  shopmen's  business,  without 
any  announcement.  Thus  the  shop-buyers  have 
much  miscellaneous  waste  brought  to  them,  and 
perhaps  for  only  some  particular  kind  have  they  a 
demand  by  their  retail  customers.  The  regular 
itinerant  waste  dealer  then  calls  and  "  clears  out 
everything"  the  "everything"  being  not  an  un- 
meaning word.  One  man,  who  "  did  largely  in 
waste,"  at  my  request  endeavoured  to  enumerate 
all  the  kinds  of  paper  he  had  purchased  as  waste, 
and  the  packages  of  paper  he  showed  me,  ready 
for  delivery  to  his  customers  on  the  following  day, 
confirmed  all  he  said  as  he  opened  them  and 
showed  me  of  what  they  were  composed.  He  had 
dealt,  he  said — and  he  took  great  pains  and  great 
interest  in  the  inquiry,  as  one  very  curious,  and 
was  a  respectable  and  intelligent  man — in  "books 
on  every  subject"  [I  give  his  own  words]  "on  which 
a  book  can  be  written."  After  a  little  considera- 
tion he  added  :  "  Well,  perhaps  even/  subject  is  a 
wide  range ;  but  if  there  are  any  exceptions,  it 's 
on  subjects  not  known  to  a  busy  man  like  me, 
who  is  occupied  from  morning  till  night  every 
week  day.  The  only  worldly  labour  I  do  on  a 
Sunday  is  to  take  my  family's  dinner  to  the  bake- 
house, bring  it  home  after  chapel,  and  read  Lloyd's 
Weekly.  I  've  had  Bibles — the  backs  are  taken  off 
in  the  waste  trade,  or  it  wouldn't  be  lair  weight — 
Testaments,  Prayer-books,  Companions  to  the  Altar, 
and  Sermons  and  religious  works.  Yes,  I  've 
had  the  Roman  Catholic  books,  as  is  used  in  their 
public  worship — at  least  so  I  suppose,  for  I  never 
was  in  a  Roman  Catholic  chapel.  Well,  it 's  hard 
to  say  about  proportions,  but  in  my  opinion,  as 
far  as  it 's  good  for  anything,  I  've  not  had  them 
in  anything  like  the  proportion  that  I  've  had 
Prayer-books,  and  Watts'  and  Wesley's  hymns. 
More  shame ;  but  you  see,  sir,  perhaps  a  godly 
old  man  dies,  and  those  that  follow  him  care  nothing 
for  hymn-books,  and  so  they  come  to  such  as  me, 
for  they  're  so  cheap  now  they  're  not  to  be  sold 
second-hand  at  all,  I  fancy.  I  've  dealt  in  tragedies 
and  comedies,  old  and  new,  cut  and  uncut — they  're 
best  uncut,  for  you  can  make  them  into  sheets 
then — and  farces,  and  books  of  the  opera.  I  've 
had  scientific  and  medical  works  of  every  possible 
kind,  and  histories,  and  travels,  and  lives,  and 
memoirs.  I  needn't  go  through  them — every- 
thing, from  a  needle  to  an  anclior,  as  the  saying 
is.  Poetry,  ay,  many  a  hundred  weight ;  Latin 
and  Greek  (sometimes),  and  French,  and  other 
foreign  langtuiges.  Well  now,  sir,  as  you  mention 
it,  I  think  I  never  did  have  a  Hebrew  work ;  I 
think  not,  and  I  know  the  Hebrew  letters  when  I 
see  them.  Black  letter,  not  once  in  a  couple  of 
years ;  no,  nor  in  three  or  four  years,  when  I 
tliiuk  of  it.  I  have  met  with  it,  but  I  always  take 
anything   I  've   got  that   way  to   Mr. ,  the 


114 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


bookseller,  who  uses  a  poor  man  well.  Don't  you 
think,  sir,  I  "m  complaining  of  poverty  ;  though 
I  have  been  very  poor,  when  I  was  recovering 
from  cholera  at  the  first  break-out  of  it,  and  I  'm 
anything  but  rich  now.  Pamphlets  I  've  had  by 
the  ton,  in  my  time ;  I  think  we  should  both  be 
tired  if  I  could  go  through  all  they  were  about. 
Very  many  v.-ere  religious,  more  'a  the  pity.  I  've 
heard  of  a  page  round  a  quarter  of  cheese,  though, 
touching  a  ni:in's  heart," 

In  corroboration  of  my  informant's  statement,  I 
may  mention  that  in  the  course  of  my  inquiry  into 
the  condition  of  the  fixncy  cabinet-makers  of  the 
metropolis,  one  elderly  and  very  intelligent  man, 
a  first-rate  artisan  in  skill,  told  me  he  had  been  so 
reduced  in  the  world  by  the  underselling  of  slop- 
masters  (called  "butchers"  or  "slaughterers,"  by 
the  workmen  in  the  trade),  that  though  in  his 
youth  he  could  take  in  the  News  and  Examiner 
papers  (each  he  believed  9c?.  at  that  time,  but  was 
not  certain),  he  could  afford,  and  enjoyed,  no  read- 
ing when  I  saw  him  last  autumn,  bej'ond  the 
book-leaves  in  which  he  received  his  quarter  of 
cheese,  his  small  piece  of  bacon  or  fresh  meat,  or 
his  saveloys  ;  and  his  wife  schemed  to  go  to  the 
shops  who  "wrapped  up  their  things  from  books," 
in  order  that  he  might  have  something  to  read 
after  his  day's  work. 

My  informant  went  .on  with  his  specification  : 
"  Missionary  papers  of  all  kinds.  Parliamentary 
papers,  but  not  so  often  new  ones,  very  largely. 
Railway  prospectuses,  with  plans  to  some  of  them, 
nice  engravings;  and  the  same  with  other  joint- 
stock  companies.  Children's  copy-books,  and 
cyphering-books.  Old  account-books  of  every  kind. 
A  good  many  j^ears  ago,  I  had  some  that  must 
have  belonged  to  a  West  End  perfumer,  there  was 
such  French  items  for  Lady  this,  or  the  Honour- 
able Captain  that.  I  remember  there  was  an 
Hon.  Capt.  G.,  and  almost  at  every  second  page 
was  *100  tooth-picks,  3s.  Qd.'  I  think  it  was 
35.  Qd.)  in  arranging  this  sort  of  waste  one  now 
and  then  gives  a  glance  to  it.  Dictionaries  of  every 
sort,  I  've  had,  but  not  so  commonly.  Music 
books,  lots  of  them.  Manuscripts,  but  only  if 
they  're  rather  old ;  well,  20  or  30  years  or  so  : 
I  call  that  old.  Letters  on  every  possible  subject, 
but  not,  in  my  experience,  any  very  modern  ones. 
An  old  man  dies,  you  see,  and  his  papers  are  sold 
off,  letters  and  all ;  that 's  the  way ;  get  rid  of 
all  the  old  rubbish,  as  soon  as  the  old  boy 's 
pointing  his  toes  to  the  sky.  What 's  ofd  letters 
worth,  when  the  writers  are  dead  and  buried] 
why,  perhaps  \\d.  a  pound,  and  it's  a  rattling 
big  letter  that  will  weigh  half-an-ounce.  0,  it 's 
a  queer  trade,  but  there  's  many  worse." 

The  letters  which  I  saw  in  another  waste- 
dealer's  possession  were  45  in  number,  a  small 
collection,  I  was  told ;  for  the  most  part  they  were 
very  dull  and  common-place.  Among  them, 
however,  was  the  following,  in  an  elegant,  and 
I  presume  a  female  hand,  but  not  in  the  modern 
fashionable  style  of  handwriting.  The  letter 
is  evidently  old,  the  address  is  of  West-end 
gentility,  but  I  leave  out  name  and  other  parti- 
cularities : — 


"  Mrs.  [it  is   not    easy  to   judge  whether  the 

flourished  letters  are  '  Mrs."  or  'Miss,'  but  certainly 

more  like  '  Mrs.']  Mrs. (Zoological  Artist)  ^l^csents 

her  compliments  to  Mr. ,  and  being  commissioned 

to  communicate  with  a  gentleman  of  the  name,  recently 
arrived  at  Charing-cross,  and  presumed  by  description 
to  be  himself,  in  a  matter  of  delicacy  and  confidence,  in- 
dispensably verbal ;  begs  to  say,  that  if  interested  in  the 
ecclaircissement  and  necessary  to  the  same,  she  may  be 
found  in  attendance,  any  afternoon  of  the  current  week, 
from  3  to  G  o'clock,  and  no  other  hours. 

" street, square. 

"  Monday  Morn,  for  the  aftn.,  at  home." 

Among  the  books  destined  to  a  butcher,  I 
found  three  perfect  numbers  of  a  sixpenny  perio- 
dical, published  a  few  years  back.  Three,  or 
rather  two  and  a  half,  numbers  of  a  shilling 
periodical,  with  "  coloured  engravings  of  the 
fashions."  Two  (imperfect)  volumes  of  French 
Plays,  an  excellent  edition ;  among  the  plays 
were  Athalie,  Iphigenie,  Phedre,  Les  Freres 
Ennemis,  Alexandre,  Andromaque,  Les  Plai- 
deurs,  and  Esther.  A  music  sheet,  headed  "  A 
lonely  thing  I  would  not  be."  A  few  pages 
of  what  seems  to  have  been  a  book  of  tales  : 
"  Album  d'un  Sourd-Muet "  (36  pages  in  the 
pamphlet  form,  quite  new).  All  these  constituted 
about  twopennyworth  to  the  butcher.  Notwith- 
standing the  variety  of  sources  from  which  the 
supply  is  derived,  I  heard  from  several  quarters 
that  "  waste  never  was  so  scarce  "  as  at  present ; 
it  was  hardly  to  be  had  at  all. 

The  purchasers  of  the  waste-paper  from  the 
collectors  are  cheesemongers,  buttermen,  butchers, 
fishmongers,  poulterers,  pork  and  sausage-sellers, 
sweet-stuff-sellers,  tobacconists,  chandlers — and 
indeed  all  who  sell  provisions  or  such  luxuries  as 
I  have  mentioned  in  retail.  Some  of  the  whole- 
sale provision  houses  buy  very  largely  and  sell  the 
waste  again  to  their  customers,  who  pay  more  for 
it  by  such  a  medium  of  purchase,  but  they  have 
it  thus  on  credit.  Any  retail  trader  in  provisions 
at  all  "  in  a  large  way,"  will  readily  buy  six  or 
seven  cwt.  at  a  time.  The  price  given  by  them 
varies  from  l\d.  to  Z\d.  the  pound,  but  it  is  very 
rarely  either  so  low  or  so  high.  The  average  price 
may  be  taken  at  I85,  the  cwt.,  which  is  not  quite 
2d,  a  pound,  and  at  this  rate  I  learn  from  the 
best-informed  parties  there  are  twelve  tons  sold 
weekly,  or  1624  tons  yearly  (1,397,760  lbs.),  at 
the  cost  of  11,232^.  One  man  in  the  trade  was 
confident  the  value  of  the  waste  paper  sold  could 
not  be  less  than  12,000/.  in  a  year. 

There  are  about  60  men  in  this  trade,  nearly 
50  of  whom  live  entirely,  as  it  was  described  to 
me,  "  by  their  waste,"  and  bring  up  their  families 
upon  it.  The  others  unite  some  other  avocation 
with  it.  The  earnings  of  the  regular  collectors 
vary  from  15s.  weekly  to  35s.  accordingly  as  they 
meet  with  a  supply  on  favourable  terms,  or,  as  they 
call  it,  "  a  good  pull  in  a  lot  of  waste."  They 
usually  reside  in  a  private  room  with  a  recess,  or 
a  second  room,  in  which  they  sort,  pjick,  and  keep 
their  paper. 

One  of  these  traders  told  me  that  he  was 
satisfied  that  stolen  paper  seldom  found  its  way, 
directly,  into  the  collectors'  hands,  "  particularly 
publisher's  paper,"  he  added.  "  Why,  not  long 
since  there  was  a  lot  of  sheets  stolen  from  Alder- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


115 


man  Kelly's  warehouse,  and  the  thief  didn't  take 
them  to  a  waste  dealer ;  he  knew  better.  He 
took  them,  sir,  to  a  tradesman  in  a  large  respect- 
able way  over  the  water — a  man  that  uses  great 
lots  of  waste — and  sold  them  at  just  what  was 
handed  to  him  :  I  suppose  no  questions  asked. 
The  thief  was  tried  and  convicted,  but  nothing 
was  done  to  the  buyer." 

It  must  not  be  supposed  that  the  waste-paper 
used  by  the  London  tradesmen  costs  no  more  than 
12,000/.  in  a  year.  A  large  quantity  is  bought 
direct  by  butchers  and  others  from  poor  persons 
going  to  them  with  a  small  quantity  of  their 
own  accumulating,  or  with  such  things  as  copy- 
books. 

Op  the  Street-Buyers  o»  Umbrellas 
AKD  Parasols. 

The  street-traders  in  old  umbrellas  and  parasols 
are  numerous,  but  the  buying  is  but  one  part,  and 
the  least  skilled  part,  of  the  business.  Men,  some 
tolerably  well-dressed,  some  swarthy-looking,  like 
gipsies,  and  some  with  a  vagabond  aspect,  may  be 
seen  in  all  quarters  of  the  town  and  suburbs, 
carrj-ing  a  few  ragged-looking  umbrellas,  or  the 
sticks  or  ribs  of  umbrellas,  under  their  arms,  and 
crying  **  Umbrellas  to  mend,"  or  "  Any  old  um- 
brellas to  sell  \"  The  traffickers  in  umbrellas  are 
also  the  crockmen,  who  are  always  glad  to  ob- 
tain them  in  barter,  and  who  merely  dispose  of 
them  at  the  Old  Clothes  Exchange,  or  in  Petti- 
coat-lane. 

The  umbrella-menders  are  known  by  an  ap- 
pellation of  an  appropriateness  not  uncommon  in 
street  language.  They  are  mushroom-faiers. 
The  form  of  the  expanded  umbrella  resembles 
that  of  a  mushroom,  and  it  has  the  further  charac- 
teristic of  being  rapidly  or  suddenly  raised,  the 


mushroom  itself  springing  up  and  attaining  its  full 
size  in  a  very  brief  space  of  time.  The  term, 
however,  like  all  street  or  popular  terras  or  phrases) 
has  become  very  generally  condensed  among  those 
who  carry  on  the  trade — they  are  now  vutsfc- 
fakers,  a  word  which,  to  any  one  who  has  not 
heard  the  term  in  full,  is  as  meaningless  as  any 
in  the  vocabulary  of  slang. 

The  mushroom-fiikers  will  repair  any  umbrella 
on  the  owner's  premises,  and  their  work  is  often 
done  adroitly,  I  am  informed,  and  as  often 
bunglingly,  or,  in  the  trade  term,  "  botched."  So 
far  there  is  no  traffic  in  the  business,  the  mushroom- 
faker  simply  performing  a  piece  of  handicraft,  and 
being  paid  for  the  job.  But  there  is  another  class 
of  street-folk  who  buy  the  old  umbrellas  in  Petti- 
coat-lane, or  of  the  street  buyer  or  collector,  and 
"  sometimes,"  as  one  of  these  men  said  to  me, 
"  we  are  our  own  buyers  on  a  round."  They  mend 
the  umbrellas — some  of  their  wives,  I  am  assured, 
being  adepts  as  well  as  themselves — and  offer  them 
for  sale  on  the  approaches  to  the  bridges,  and  at 
the  corners  of  streets. 

The  street  umbrella  trade  is  really  curious.  Not 
so  very  many  years  back  the  use  of  an  umbrella 
by  a  man  \^'as  regarded  as  partaking  of  effeminacy, 
but  now  they  are  sold  in  thousands  in  the  streets, 
and  in  the  second-hand  shops  of  Monmouth-street 
and  such  places.  One  of  these  street-traders  told 
me  that  he  had  lately  sold,  but  not  to  an  extent 
which  might  encourage  him  to  proceed,  old  silk 
umbrellas  in  the  street  for  gentlemen  to  protect 
themselves  from  the  rays  of  the  sun. 

The  purchase  of  umbrellas  is  in  a  groat  degree 
mixed  up  with  that  of  old  clothes,  of  which  I  have 
soon  to  treat ;  but  from  what  I  have  stated  it  is 
evident  that  the  umbrella  trade  is  most  connected 
with  street-artisanship,  and  under  that  head  1 
shall  describe  it. 


OF    THE     STREET-JEWS. 


ALinocoH  my  present  inquiry  relates  to  London 
life  in  London  streets,  it  is  necessary  that  I  should 
briefly  treat  of  the  Jews  generally,  as  an  integral, 
but  distinct  and  peculiar  part  of  fctreet-life. 

That  this  ancient  people  were  engaged  in  what 
may  be  called  street-traffic  in  the  earlier  ages  of 
oar  history,  as  well  as  in  the  importation  of  spices, 
furs,  fine  leather,  armour,  drugs,  and  general 
merchandise,  there  can  be  no  doubt ;  nevertheless 
cunurrning  this  part  of  the  subject  there  are  but 
the  most  meagre  accounts. 

Jews  were  settled  in  England  as  early  as  730, 
and  during  the  sway  of  the  Saxon  kings.  They 
increased  in  number  after  the  era  of  the  Con- 
quest ;  but  it  was  not  until  the  rapacity  to  which 
they  were  exposed  in  the  reign  of  Stephen  had 
in  a  great  measure  exhausted  itself,  and  until 
the  measures  of  Henry  II.  had  given  encourage- 
ment to  commerce,  and  some  degree  of  security 
to  propertr  in  cities  or  congregated  communities, 
that  the  Jews  in  England  becaune  numerous  and 
wealthy.     They  then  became  active  and  enter- 


prising attendants  at  fairs,  where  the  greater 
portion  of  the  internal  trade  of  the  kingdom  was 
carried  on,  and  especially  the  traffic  in  the  more 
valuable  commodities,  such  as  plate,  jewels, 
armour,  cloths,  wines,  spices,  horses,  cattle,  &c. 
The  agents  of  the  great  prelates  and  barons,  and 
even  of  the  ruling  princes,  purchased  what  they 
required  at  these  fairs.  St.  Giles's  fair,  held  at 
St.  Giles's  hill,  not  far  from  Winchester,  con- 
tinued sixteen  days.  The  fair  was,  as  it  were, 
a  temporary  city.  There  were  streets  of  tents 
in  every  direction,  in  which  the  traders  offered 
and  displayed  their  wares.  During  the  con- 
tinuance of  the  fair,  business  was  strictly  prohi- 
bited in  Winchester,  Southampton,  and  in  every 
place  within  seven  miles  of  St.  Giles's  hill. 
Among  the  tent-owners  at  such  fairs  were  the 
Jews. 

At  this  period  the  Jews  may  be  considered  as 
one  of  the  bodies  of  "merchant-stranger*,"  as 
they  were  called,  settled  in  England  for  purposes 
of  commerce.     Among  the  other  bodies  of  these     j 


116 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  strangers  "  were  the  Gferman  "  merchants  of  the 
steel-yard,"  the  Lombards,  the  Caursini  of  Rome, 
the  "  merchants  of  the  staple,"  and  others.  These 
were  all  corporations,  and  thriving  corporations 
(when  unmolested),  and  the  Jews  had  also  their 
Jewerie,  or  Judaisme,  not  for  a  "  corporation  " 
merely,  but  also  for  the  requirements  of  their 
faith  and  worship,  and  for  their  living  together. 
The  London  Jewerie  was  established  in  a  place 
of  which  no  vestige  of  its  establishment  now  re- 
mains beyond  the  name — the  Old  Jewry.  Here 
was  erected  the  first  synagogue  of  the  Jews  in 
England,  which  was  defaced  or  demolished, 
Maitland  states,  by  the  citizens,  after  they  had 
slain  700  Jews  (other  accounts  represent  that 
number  as  greatly  exaggerated).  This  took  place 
in  1263,  during  one  of  the  many  disturbances  in 
the  uneasy  reign  of  Henry  III. 

All  this  time  the  Jews  amassed  wealth  by  trade 
and  usury,  in  spite  of  their  being  plundered  and 
maltreated  by  the  princes  and  other  potentates — 
every  one  has  heard  of  King  John's  having  a 
Jew's  teeth  drawn — and  in  spite  of  their  being 
reviled  by  the  priests  and  hated  by  the  people. 
The  sovereigns  generally  encouraged  "  merchant- 
strangers."  When  the  city  of  London,  in  1289, 
petitioned  Edward  I.  for  "  the  expulsion  of  all 
merchant-strangers,"  that  monarch  answered, 
with  all  a  monarch's  peculiar  regard  for  "  great " 
men  and  "  great "  men  only,  "  No !  the  mer- 
chant-strangers are  useful  and  beneficial  to  the 
great  men  of  the  kingdom,  and  I  will  not  ex- 
pel them."  But  though  the  King  encouraged, 
the  people  detested,  all  foreign  traders,  though 
not  with  the  same  intensity  as  they  detested 
and  contemned  the  Jews,  for  in  that  detes- 
tation a  strong  religious  feeling  was  an  ele- 
ment. Of  this  dislike  to  the  merchant-strangers, 
very  many  instances  might  be  cited,  but  I  need 
give  only  one.  In  1379,  nearly  a  century  after 
the  banishment  of  the  Jews,  a  Genoese  merchant, 
a  man  of  great  wealth,  petitioned  Eichard  II.  for 
permission  to  deposit  goods  for  safe  keeping  in 
Southampton  Castle,  promising  to  introduce  so 
large  a  share  of  the  commerce  of  tlie  East  into 
England,  that  pepper  should  be  4rf.  a  pound. 
"  Yet  the  Londoners,"  writes  Walsingham,  but  in 
£he  quaint  monkish  Latin  of  the  day,  "  enemies 
to  the  prosperity  of  their  country,  hired  assas- 
sins, who  murdered  the  merchant  in  the  street. 
After  this,  what  stranger  will  trust  his  person 
among  a  people  so  faithless  and  so  crueU  who  will 
not  dread  our  treachery,  and  abhor  our  name  ?" 

In  1290,  by  a  decree  of  Edward  I.,  the  Jews 
were  banished  out  of  England.  The  causes  as- 
signed for  this  summary  act,  were  "their  ex- 
tortions, their  debasing  and  diminishing  the  coin, 
and  for  other  crimes."  I  need  not  enter  into  the 
merits  or  demerits  of  the  Jews  of  that  age,  but  it 
is  certain  that  any  ridiculous  charge,  any  which  it 
was  impossible  could  be  true,  was  an  excuse  for 
the  plundering  of  them  at  the  hands  of  the 
rich,  and  the  persecution  of  them  at  the  hands 
of  the  people.  At  the  period  of  this  banish- 
ment, their  number  is  represented  by  the  con- 
temporaneous   historians    to    have    been    about 


16,000,  a  number  most  probably  exaggerated,  as 
perhaps  all  statements  of  the  numbers  of  a  people 
are  when  no  statistical  knowledge  has  been  ac- 
quired. During  this  period  of  their  abode  in 
England,  the  Jews  were  protected  as  the  villeins 
or  bondsmen  of  the  king,  a  protection  disre- 
garded by  the  commonalty,  and  only  giving  to  the 
executive  government  greater  facilities  of  extortion 
and  oppression. 

In  1655  an  Amsterdam  Jew,  Eabbi  Manasseh 
Ben-Israel,  whose  name  is  still  highly  esteemed 
among  his  countrymen,  addressed  Cromwell  on  the 
behalf  of  the  Jews  that  they  should  be  re-admitted 
into  England  with  the  sanction,  and  under  the 
protection,  of  the  law.  Despite  the  absence  of  such 
sanction,  they  had  resided  and  of  course  traded  in 
this  country,  but  in  small  numbers,  and  trading 
often  in  indirect  and  sometimes  in  contniband 
ways.  Chaucer,  writing  in  the  days  of  Richard  II., 
three  reigns  after  their  expulsion,  speaks  of  Jews 
as  living  in  England.  It  is  reputed  that,  in  the 
reigns  of  Elizabeth  and  the  first  James,  they  sup- 
plied, at  great  profit,  the  materials  required  by  the 
alchyraists  for  their  experiments  in  the  transmuta- 
tion of  metals.  In  Elizabeth's  reign,  too,  Jewish 
physicians  were  highly  esteemed  in  England.  The 
Queen  at  one  time  confided  the  care  of  her  health 
to  RodrigoLopez,  a  Hebrew,  who,  however,  was 
convicted  of  an  attempt  to  poison  his  royal  mistress. 
Francis  I.,  of  France,  carried  his  opinion  of  Jewish 
medical  skill  to  a  great  height ;  he  refused  on  one 
occasion,  during  an  illness,  to  be  attended  by  the 
most  eminent  of  the  Israelitish  physicians,  because 
the  learned  man  had  just  before  been  converted  to 
Christianity.  The  most  Christian  king,  therefore, 
applied  to  his  ally,  the  Turkish  sultan,  Solyman 
II.,  who  sent  him  "a  true  hardened  Jew,"  by 
whose  directions  Francis  drank  asses'  milk  and  re- 
covered. 

Cromwell's  response  to  the  application  of  Man- 
asseh Ben  Israel  was  favourable ;  but  the  Appor- 
tion of  the  Puritans,  and  more  especially  of  Prynne, 
prevented  any  public  declaration  on  the  subject. 
In  1656,  however,  the  Jews  began  to  arrive  and 
establish  themselves  in  England,  but  not  until  after 
the  restoration  of  Charles  II,,  in  1660,  could  it 
be  said  that,  as  a  body,  they  were  settled  in  Eng- 
land. They  arrived  from  time  to  time,  and  with- 
out any  formal  sanction  being  either  granted  or 
refused.  One  reason  alleged  at  the  time  was,  that 
the  Jews  were  well  known  to  be  money-lenders, 
and  Charles  and  his  courtiers  were  as  well  known 
money-borrowers  ! 

I  now  come  to  the  character  and  establishment 
of  the  Jews  in  the  capacity  in  which  I  have  more 
especially  to  describe  them  —  as  street-traders. 
There  appears  no  reason  to  doubt  that  they  com- 
menced their  principal  street  traffic,  the  collecting 
of  old  clothes,  soon  after  their  settlement  in  London. 
At  any  rate  the  cry  and  calling  of  the  Jew  old 
clothesman  were  so  established,  30  or  40  years 
after  their  return,  or  early  in  the  last  century,  that 
one  of  them  is  delineated  in  Tempest's  "  Cries  of 
London,"  published  about  that  period.  In  this 
work  the  street  Jew  is  represented  as  very  different 
in  his  appearance  to  that  which  he  presents  in  our 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


117 


day.  Instead  of  merely  a  dingy  bag,  hung  empty 
over  his  arm,  or  carried,  when  partially  or  wholly 
filled,  on  his  shoulder,  he  is  depicted  as  wearing, 
or  rather  carrying,  three  cocked  hats,  one  over  the 
other,  upon  his  head  ;  a  muflF,  with  a  scarf  or  large 
handkerchief  over  it,  is  attached  to  his  right  hand 
and  arm,  and  two  dress  swords  occupy  his  left 
hand.  The  apparel  which  he  himself  wears  is  of 
the  full-skirted  style  of  the  day,  and  his  long  hair, 
or  periwig,  descends  to  his  shoulders.  This  dif- 
ference in  appearance,  however,  between  the  street 
Jew  of  1700  and  of  a  century  and  a  half  later,  is 
simply  the  effect  of  circumstances,  and  indicates 
no  change  in  the  character  of  the  man.  Were  it 
now  the  fashion  for  gentlemen  to  wear  muffs, 
swords,  and  cocked  hats,  the  Jew  would  again 
have  them  in  his  possession. 

During  the  eighteenth  century  the  popular  feel- 
ing ran  very  high  against  the  Jews,  although  to 
the  masses  they  were  almost  strangers,  except  aa 
men  employed  in  the  not- very- formidable  occupa- 
tion of  collecting  and  vending  second-hand  clothes. 
The  old  feeling  against  them  seems  to  have  lin- 
gered among  the  English  people,  and  their  own 
greed  in  many  instances  engendered  other  and 
lawful  causes  of  dislike,  by  their  resorting  to  un- 
lawful and  debasing  pursuits.  They  were  consi- 
dered— and  with  that  exaggeration  of  belief  dear 
to  any  ignorant  community — aa  an  entire  people 
of  misers,  usurers,  extortioners,  receivers  of  stolen 
goods,  cheats,  brothel-keepers,  aheriff's-officers, 
clippers  and  sweaters  of  the  coin  of  the  realm, 
gaming-house  keepers ;  in  fine,  the  charges,  or 
rather  the  accusati,on8,  of  carrying  on  every  dis- 
reputable trade,  and  none  else,  were  "  bundled  at 
their  doors."  That  there  was  too  much  foundation 
for  many  of  these  accusations,  and  still  is,  no  rea- 
sonable Jew  can  now  deny ;  that  the  wholesale 
prejudice  against  them  was  absurd,  is  equally  in- 
disputable. 

So  strong  was  this  popular  feeling  against  the 
Israelites,  that  it  not  only  influenced,  and  not  only 
controlled  the  legistlature,  but  it  coerced  the  Houses 
of  Parliament  to  repeal,  in  1754,  an  act  which 
they  had  passed  the  previous  session,  and  that  act 
was  merely  to  enable  foreign  Jews  to  be  natural- 
ized without  being  required  to  take  the  sacrament! 
It  was  at  that  time,  and  while  the  popular  ferment 
was  at  its  height,  unsafe  for  a  Hebrew  old  clothes- 
man,  however  harmless  a  man,  and  however  long 
and  well  known  on  his  beat,  to  ply  his  street- 
calling  openly ;  for  he  was  often  beaten  and  mal- 
treated. Mobs,  riots,  pillagings,  and  attacks  upon 
the  houses  of  the  Jews  were  frequent,  and  one  of 
the  favourite  cries  of  the  mob  was  certainly  among 
the  moet  preposterously  st'jpid  of  any  which  ever 
tickled  the  ear  and  satitticd  the  mind  of  the 
ignorant : — 

"  No  Jews ! 

No  wooden  shoes  I  *  " 

Some  mob-leader,  with  a  taste  for  rhyme,  had  in 
this  distich  cleverly  blended  the  prejudice  against 
the  Jews  with  the  easily  excited  but  vague  fears 
of  a  French  invaaion,  which  was  in  some  strange 
way  typified  to  the  apprehensions  of  the  vulgar  as 
connected  with  slavery,  popery,  the  compulsory 


wearing  of  wooden  shoes  {sabots),  and  the  eating 
of  frogs  !  And  this  sort  of  feeling  was  often  re- 
venged on  the  street-Jew,  as  a  man  mixed  up 
with  wooden  shoes !  Cumberland,  in  the  comedy 
of  "The  Jew,"  and  some  time  afterwards  Miss 
Edgeworth,  in  the  tale  of  "  Harrington  and  Or- 
mond,"  and  both  at  the  request  of  Jews,  wrote 
to  moderate  this  rabid  prejudice. 

In  what  estimation  the  street,  and,  incidentally, 
all  classes  of  Jews  are  held  at  the  present  time, 
will  be  seen  in  the  course  of  my  remarks ;  and  in 
the  narratives  to  be  given.  I  may  here  observe, 
however,  that  among  some  the  dominant  feeling 
against  the  Jews  on  account  of  their  faith  still 
flourishes,  as  is  shown  by  the  following  statement : 
— A  gentleman  of  my  acquaintance  was  one 
evening,  about  twilight,  walking  down  Brydges- 
street,  Covent-garden,  when  an  elderly  Jew  was 
preceding  him,  apparently  on  his  return  from  a 
day's  work,  as  an  old  clothesman.  His  bag  acci- 
dentally touched  the  bonnet  of  a  dashing  woman 
of  the  town,  who  was  passing,  and  she  turned 
round,  abused  the  Jew,  and  spat  at  him,  saying 
with  an  oath :  "  You  old  rags  humbug  !  Foat 
can't  do  that ! " — an  allusion  to  a  vulgar  notion 
that  Jews  have  been  unable  to  do  more  than 
slobber,  since  spitting  on  the  Saviour. 

The  number  of  Jews  now  in  England  is  com- 
puted at  35,000.  This  is  the  result  at  which  the 
Chief  Rabbi  arrived  a  few  years  ago,  after  collect- 
ing all  the  statistical  information  at  his  command. 
Of  these  35,000,  more  than  one-half,  or  about 
18,000,  reside  in  London.  I  am  informed  that 
there  may  now  be  a  small  increase  to  this  popu- 
lation, but  only  small,  for  many  Jews  have  emi- 
j  grated — some  to  California.  A  few  years  ago — 
I  a  circumstance  mentioned  in  my  account  of  the 
I  Street-Sellers  of  Jewellery— there  were  a  number 
of  Jews  known  as  "  hawkers,"  or  "  travellers," 
who  traverse  every  part  of  Enghuid  selling 
watches,  gold  and  silver  pencil-cases,  eye-glasses, 
and  all  the  more  portable  descriptions  of  jewellery, 
as  well  as  thermometers,  barometers,  telescopes, 
and  microscopes.  This  trade  is  now  little  pursued, 
except  by  the  stationary  dealers ;  and  the  Jews 
who  carried  it  on,  and  who  were  chiefly  foreign 
Jews,  have  emigrated  to  America.  The  foreign 
Jews  who,  though  a  fluctuating  body,  are  always 
numerous  in  London,  are  included  in  the  compu- 
tation of  18,000;  of  this  population  two-thirds 
reside  in  the  city,  or  the  streets  adjacent  to  the 
eastern  boundaries  of  the  city. 

Ojf  THE  Trades  and  Locauties  of  tub 
Street-Jews. 
The  trades  which  the  Jews  most  affect,  I  was 
told  by  one  of  themselves,  are  those  in  which,  aa 
they  describe  it,  "there's  a  chance;"  that  is,  they 
prefer  a  trade  in  such  commodity  as  is  not  sub- 
jected to  a  fixed  price,  so  that  there  may  bo 
abundant  scope  for  speculation,  and  something 
like  a  gambler's  chance  for  profit  or  loss.  In 
this  way,  Sir  Walter  Scott  has  said,  trade  has 
"all  the  fascination  of  gambling,  without  the 
moral  guilt;"  but  the  absence  of  moral  guilt  in 
conuection  with  such  trading  is  certainly  dubious. 


113 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  wholesale  trades  in  foreign  commodities 
which  are  now  principally  or  solely  in  the  hands  of 
the  Jews,  often  as  importers  and  exporters,  are, 
watches  and  jewels,  sponges — fruits,  especially  green 
fruits,  such  as  oranges,  lemons,  grapes,  walnuts, 
cocoa-nuts,  &c.,  and  dates  among  dried  fruits — 
shells,  tortoises,  parrots  and  foreign  birds,  curiosi- 
ties, ostrich  feathers,  Enutfs,  cigars,  and  pipes: 
but  cigars  far  more  extensively  at  one  time. 

The  localities  in  which  these  wholesale  and  re- 
tail traders  reside  are  mostly  at  the  East-end — in- 
deed the  Jews  of  London,  as  a  congregated  body, 
have  been,  from  the  times  when  their  numbers 
were  sufficient  to  institute  a  "  settlement "  or 
"  colony,"  peculiar  to  themselves,  always  resident 
in  the  eastern  quarter  of  the  metropolis. 

Of  course  a  wealthy  Jew  millionaire — mer- 
chant, stock-jobber,  or  stock-broker — resides  where 
he  pleases — in  a  villa  near  the  Marquis  of  Hert- 
ford's in  the  Regent's-park,  a  mansion  near  the 
Duke  of  Wellington's  in  Piccadilly,  a  house  and 
grounds  at  Clapham  or  Stamford-hill ;  but  these 
are  exceptions.  The  quarters  of  the  Jews  are  not  dif- 
ficult to  describe.  The  trading-class  in  the  capacity 
of  shopkeepers,  warehousemen,  or  manufacturers, 
are  the  thickest  in  Houndsditch,  Aldgate,  and  the 
Minories,  more  especially  as  regards  the  "  swag- 
shops"  and  the  manufacture  and  sale  of  wearing 
apparel.  The  wholesale  dealers  in  fruit  are  in 
Duke's-place  and  Pudding-lane  (Thames-street), 
but  the  superior  retail  Jew  fruiterers — some  of 
whose  shops  are  remarkable  for  the  beauty  of 
their  frait — are  in  Cheapside,  Oxford-street,  Picca- 
dilly, and  most  of  all  in  Covent-garden  market. 
The  inferior  jewellers  (some  of  whom  deal  with 
the  first  shops)  are  also  at  the  East-end,  about 
Whitechapel,  Bevis-marks,  and  Houndsditch ;  the 
wealthier  goldsmiths  and  watchmakers  having, 
like  other  tradesmen  of  the  class,  their  shops  in 
the  superior  thoroughfares.  The  great  congrega- 
tion of  working  watchmakers  is  in  Clerken- 
well,  but  in  that  locality  there  are  only  a  few 
Jews.  The  Hebrew  dealers  in  second-hand  gar- 
ments, and  second-hand  wares  generally,  are 
located  about  Petticoat-lane,  the  peculiarities  of 
■which  place  I  have  lately  described.  The  manu- 
facturers of  such  things  as  cigars,  pencils,  and  seal- 
ing-wax; the  wholesale  importers  of  sponge,  bristles 
and  toys,  the  dealers  in  quills  and  in  "looking- 
glasses,"  reside  in  large  private-looking  houses,  when 
display  is  not  needed  for  purposes  of  business,  in 
such  parts  as  Maunsell-street,  Great  Prcscott-street, 
Great  Ailie-street,  Leman-street,  and  other  parts 
of  the  eastern  quarter  known  as  Goodman's-fields. 
The  wholesale  dealers  in  foreign  birds  and  shells, 
and  in  the  many  foreign  things  known  as  "  curio- 
sities," reside  in  East  Smithfield,  Ratcliffe-highway, 
High-street  (Shadwell),  or  in  some  of  the  parts 
adjacent  to  the  Thames.  In  the  long  range  of 
river-side  streets,  stretching  from  the  Tower  to 
Poplar  and  Blackwall,  are  Jews,  who  fulfil  the 
many  capacities  of  slop-sellers,  &c.,  called  into  ex- 
ercise by  the  requirements  of  seafaring  people  on 
their  return  from  or  commencement  of  a  voyage. 
A  few  Jews  keep  boarding-houses  for  sailors  in 
Shadwell  and  Wapping.      Of  the  localities  and 


abodes  of  the  poorest  of  the  Jews  I  shall  speak 
hereafter. 

Concerning  the  street-trades  pursued  by  the 
Jews,  I  believe  there  is  not  at  present  a  single  one 
of  which  they  can  be  said  to  have  a  monopoly  ; 
nor  in  any  one  branch  of  the  street-traffic  are 
there  so  many  of  the  Jew  traders  as  there  were  a 
few  years  back. 

This  remarkable  change  is  thus  to  be  accounted 
for.  Strange  as  the  fact  may  appear,  the  Jew  has 
been  undersold  in  the  streets,  and  he  has  been 
beaten  on  what  might  be  called  his  own  ground 
— the  buying  of  old  clothes.  The  Jew  boys, 
and  the  feebler  and  elder  Jews,  had,  until  some 
twelve  or  fifteen  years  back,  almost  the  monopoly 
of  orange  and  lemon  street-selling,  or  street-hawk- 
ing. The  costermonger  class  had  possession  of 
the  theatre  doors  and  the  approaches  to  the 
theatres  ;  they  had,  too,  occasionally  their  barrows 
full  of  oranges ;  but  the  Jews  were  the  daily,  as- 
siduous, and  itinerant  street-sellers  of  this  most 
popular  of  foreign,  and  perhaps  of  all,  fniits.  In 
their  hopes  of  sale  they  followed  any  one  a  mile 
if  encouraged,  even  by  a  few  approving  glances. 
The  great  theatre  of  this  traffic  was  in  the  stage- 
coach yards  in  such  inns  as  the  Bull  and  Mouth, 
(St,  Martin's-le-Grand),  the  Belle  Sauvage  (Lud- 
gate-hill),  the  Saracen's  Head  (Snow-hill),  the 
Bull  (Aldgate),  the  Swan-with-two-Necks  (Lad- 
lane,  City),  the  George  and  Blue  Boar  (Holborn), 
the  White  Horse  (Fetter-lane),  and  other  such 
places.  They  were  seen  too,  "  with  all  their  eyes 
about  them,"  as  one  infonnant  expressed  it,  out- 
side the  inns  where  the  coaches  stopped  to  take 
up  passengers — at  the  White  Horse  Cellar  in 
Piccadilly,  for  instance,  and  the  Angel  and  the 
(now  defunct)  Peacock  in  Islington.  A  commer- 
cial traveller  told  me  that  he  could  never  leave 
town  by  any  "mail"  or  "stage,"  without  being 
besieged  by  a  small  army  of  Sew  boys,  who  most 
pertinaciously  offered  him  oranges,  lemons,  sponges, 
combs,  pocket-books,  pencils,  sealing-wax,  paper, 
many-bladed  pen-knives,  razors,  pocket-mirrors, 
and  shaving-boxes — as  if  a  man  could  not  possibly 
quit  the  metropolis  without  requiring  a  stock  of 
such  commodities.  In  the  whole  of  these  trades, 
unless  in  some  degree  in  sponges  and  blacklead- 
pencils,  the  Jew  is  now  out-numbered  or  dis- 
placed. 

I  have  before  alluded  to  the  underselling  of 
the  Jew  boy  by  the  Irish  boy  in  the  street-orange 
trade ;  but  the  characteristics  of  the  change  are  so 
peculiar,  that  a  further  notice  is  necessary.  It  is 
curious  to  observe  that  the  most  assiduous,  and 
hitherto  the  most  successful  of  street-traders,  were 
supplanted,  not  by  a  more  persevering  or  more 
skilful  body  of  street-sellers,  but  simply  by  a  more 
starving  body. 

Some  few  years  since  poor  Irish  people,  and 
chiefly  those  connected  with  the  culture  of  the 
land,  "came  over"  to  this  country  in  great 
numbers,  actuated  either  by  vague  hopes 
of  "bettering  themselves"  by  emigration,  or 
working  on  the  railways,  or  else  influenced  by 
the  restlessness  common  to  an  impoverished 
people.     These  men,  when  unable  to  obtiiin  em- 


-  ^•^rf^x^:. 


THE    JEW    OLD-CLOTHES    MAN. 
Clo',  Cr.c',  Cio'. 


I'tT'-lO'yi  f  ?i    li  K  >  R D. ] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


119 


ployment,  without  scrapie  became  street-sellers. 
Not  only  did  the  adults  resort  to  street-traffic, 
generally  in  its  simplest  forms,  such  as  hawking 
fruit,  but  the  children,  by  %hom  they  were  ac- 
companied from  Ireland,  in  great  numbers,  were 
put  into  the  trade ;  and  if  two  or  three  children 
earned  2d.  a  day  each,  and  their  parents  M.  or  Qd. 
each,  or  even  id.,  the  subsistence  of  the  family  was 
better  than  they  could  obtain  in  the  midst  of  the 
miseries  of  the  southern  and  western  part  of  the 
Sister  Isle.  An  Irish  boy  of  fourteen,  having  to 
support  himself  by  street-trade,  as  was  often  the 
case,  owing  to  the  death  of  parents  and  to  divers 
casualties,  would  undersell  the  Jew  boys  similarly 
circumstanced. 

The  Irish  boy  could  live  harder  than  the  Jew — 
often  in  his  own  country  he  subsisted  on  a  stolen 
turnip  a  day ;  he  could  lodge  harder — lodge  for  Id. 
a  night  in  any  noisome  den,  or  sleep  in  the  open 
air,  which  is  seldom  done  by  the  Jew  boy ;  he 
could  dispense  with  the  use  of  shoes  and  stock- 
ings— a  dispensation  at  which  his  rival  in  trade 
revolted ;  he  drank  only  water,  or  if  he  took  tea 
or  cofifee,  it  was  as  a  meal,  and  not  merely  as  a 
beverage ;  to  crown  the  whole,  the  city-bred  Jew 
boy  required  some  evening  recreation,  the  penny 
or  twopenny  concert,  or  a  game  at  draughts  or 
dominoes ;  but  this  the  Irish  boy,  country  bred, 
never  thought  of,  for  his  sole  luxury  was  a  deep 
sleep,  and,  being  regardless  or  ignorant  of  all 
such  recreations,  he  worked  longer  hours,  and  so 
sold  more  oranges,  than  his  Hebrew  competitor. 
Thus,  as  the  Munster  or  Connaught  lad  could  live 
on  less  than  the  young  denizen  of  Petticoat-lane, 
be  could  sell  at  smaller  profit,  and  did  so  sell, 
until  gradually  the  Hebrew  youths  were  displaced 
by  the  Irish  in  the  street  orange  trade. 

It  is  the  same,  or  the  same  in  a  degree,  with 
other  street-trades,  which  were  at  one  time  all  but 
monopolised  by  the  Jew  adults.  Among  these 
were  the  street-sale  of  spectacles  and  sponges. 
The  prevalence  of  slop-work  and  slop-wages,  and 
the  frequent  difficulty  of  obtaining  properly-re- 
munerated employment — the  pinch  of  want,  in 
short — have  driven  many  mechanics  to  street- 
traffic  ;  so  that  the  numbers  of  street-traffickers 
have  been  augmented,  while  no  small  portion  of 
the  new  comers  have  adopted  the  more  knowing 
street  avocations,  formerly  pursued  only  by  the 
Jew». 

Of  the  other  class  of  street-traders  who  have 
interfered  largely  with  the  old-clothes  trade, 
which,  at  one  time,  people  seemed  to  consider  a 
sort  of  birthright  among  the  Jews,  I  have 
already  spoken,  when  treating  of  the  dealings  of 
the  crockmen  in  bartering  glass  and  cr&ckery-ware 
for  second-hand  apparel.  These  traders  now 
obtain  aa  many  old  clothes  aa  the  Jew  clothes 
men  themselves;  for,  with  a  great  number  of 
"ladiea,"  the  offer  of  an  ornament  of  glass  or 
spar,  or  of  a  beautiful  and  fragrant  pLint,  is  more 
attractive  than  the  offer  of  a  small  sum  of  money, 
for  the  ptircbaM  of  the  left  off  garments  of  the 
family. 

The  crockmen  are  usually  strong  and  in  the 
prime  of  youth  or  manhood,  and  are  capable  of 


carrying  heavy  burdens  of  glass  or  china-wares, 
for  which  the  Jews  are  either  incompetent  or  dis- 
inclined. 

Some  of  the  Jews  which  have  been  thus  dis- 
placed from  the  street-traffic  have  emigrated  to 
America,  with  the  assistance  of  their  brethren. 

The  principal  street-trades  of  the  Jews  are  now 
in  sponges,  spectacles,  combs,  pencils,  accordions, 
cakes,  sweetmeats,  drugs,  and  fruits  of  all  kinds; 
but,  in  all  these  trades,  unless  perhaps  in  drugs, 
they  are  in  a  minority  compared  with  the  "  Chris- 
tian "  street-sellers. 

There  is  not  among  the  Jew  street-sellers  gene- 
rally anything  of  the  concubinage  or  cohabitation 
common  among  the  costermongers.  Marriage  is 
the  rule. 

Op  the  Jew  Old-Clothbs  Men. 
Fifty  years  ago  the  appearance  of  the  street- Jews, 
engaged  in  the  purchase  of  second-hand  clothes, 
was  different  to  what  it  is  at  the  present  time. 
The  Jew  then  had  far  more  of  the  distinctive 
garb  and  aspect  of  a  foreigner.  He  not  unfre- 
quently  wore  the  gabardine,  which  is  never  seen 
now  in  the  streets,  but  some  of  the  long  loose 
frock  coats  worn  by  the  Jew  clothes'  buyers  re- 
semble it.  At  that  period,  too,  the  Jew's  long 
beard  was  far  more  distinctive  than  it  is  in  this 
hirsute  generation. 

In  other  respects  the  street-Jew  is  unchanged. 
Now,  as  during  the  last  century,  he  traverses 
every  street,  square,  and  road,  with  the  mo- 
notonous cry,  sometimes  like  a  bleat,  of  "  Clo' ! 
Clo*  !"  On  this  head,  however,  I  have  previously 
remarked,  when  describing  the  street  Jew  of  a 
hundred  years  ago. 

In  an  inquiry  into  the  condition  of  the  old- 
clothes  dealers  a  year  and  a  half  ago,  a  Jew  gave 
me  the  following  account.  He  told  me,  at  the 
commencement  of  his  statement,  that  he  was  of 
opinion  that  his  people  were  far  more  speculative 
than  the  Gentiles,  and  therefore  the  English  liked 
better  to  deal  with  them.  "  Our  people,"  he  said, 
"  will  be  out  all  day  in  the  wet,  and  begrudge 
themselves  a  bit  of  anything  to  eat  till  they  go 
home,  and  then,  may  be,  they  '11  gamble  away  their 
crown,  just  for  the  love  of  speculation."  My  in- 
formant, who  could  write  or  speak  several  lan- 
guages, and  had  been  50  years  in  the  business, 
then  said,  "  I  am  no  bigot ;  indeed  I  do  not  care 
where  I  buy  my  meat,  so  long  as  I  can  get  it.  I 
often  go  into  the  Minories  and  buy  some,  without 
looking  to  how  it  has  been  killed,  or  whether  it 
has  a  seal  on  it  or  not." 

He  then  gave  me  some  account  of  the  Jewish 
children,  and  the  number  of  men  in  the  trade, 
which  I  have  embodied  under  the  proper  heads. 
The  itinerant  Jew  clothes  man,  he  told  me,  was 
generally  the  son  of  a  former  old-clothes  man,  but 
some  were  cigar-makers,  or  pencil-makers,  taking 
to  the  clothes  business  when  those  trades  were 
slack  ;  but  that  nineteen  out  of  twenty  had  been 
born  to  it.  If  the  parents  of  the  Jew  boy  are 
poor,  and  the  boy  a  sharp  lad,  he  generally  com- 
mences business  at  ten  years  of  age,  by  selling 
lemons,  or  some  trifle  in  the  streets,  and  so,  as  he 


ICO 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


expressed  it,  the  boy  "  gets  a  round,"  or  street-con- 
nection, by  becoming  known  to  the  neighbour- 
hoods he  visits.  If  he  sees  a  servant,  he  will, 
when  selling  his  lemons,  ask  if  she  have  any  old 
shoes  or  old  clothes,  and  offer  to  be  a  purchaser. 
If  the  clothes  should  come  to  more  than  the  Jew 
boy  has  in  his  pocket,  he  leaves  what  silver  he 
has  as  "  an  earnest  upon  them,"  and  then  seeks 
some  regular  Jew  clothes  man,  who  will  advance 
the  purchase  money.  This  the  old  Jew  agrees  to 
do  upon  the  understanding  that  he  is  to  have 
*'  half  Rybeck,"  that  is,  a  moiety  of  the  profit,  and 
then  he  will  accompany  the  boy  to  the  house,  to 
pass  his  judgment  on  the  goods,  and  satisfy  him- 
self that  the  stripling  has  not  made  a  blind  bar- 
gain, an  error  into  which  he  very  rarely  falls. 
After  this  he  goes  with  the  lad  to  Petticoat-lane, 
and  there  they  share  whatever  money  the  clothes 
may  bring  over  and  above  what  has  been  paid  for 
them.  By  such  means  the  Jew  boy  gets  his  know- 
ledge of  the  old-clothes  business  ;  and  so  quick  are 
these  lads  generally,  that  in  the  course  of  two 
months  they  will  acquire  sufficient  experience  in 
connection  with  the  trade  to  begin  dealing  on 
their  own  account.  There  are  some,  he  told  me, 
as  sharp  at  1 5  as  men  of  50. 

"It  is  very  seldom,"  my  informant  stated, 
**  very  seldom  indeed,  that  a  Jew  clothes  man 
takes  away  any  of  the  property  of  the  house  he 
may  be  called  into.  I  expect  there's  a  good 
many  of  'em,"  he  continued,  for  he  sometimes 
spoke  of  his  co-traders,  as  if  they  were  not  of  his 
own  class,  "is  fond  of  cheating — that  is,  they 
won't  mind  giving  only  2s.  for  a  thing  that 's 
worth  5*.  They  are  fond  of  money,  and  will  do 
almost  anything  to  get  it.  Jews  are  perhaps  the 
most  money-loving  peopla  in  all  England.  There 
are  certainly  some  old-clothes  men  who  will  buy 
articles  at  such  a  price  that  they  must  know  them 
to  have  been  stolen.  Their  rule,  however,  is  to 
ask  no  questions,  and  to  get  as  cheap  an  article  as 
possible.  A  Jew  clothes  man  is  seldom  or  never 
seen  in  liquor.  They  gamble  for  money,  either  at 
their  own  homes  or  at  public-houses.  The 
favourite  games  are  tossing,  dominoes,  and  cards. 
I  was  informed,  by  one  of  the  people,  that  he  had 
seen  as  much  as  30/.  in  silver  ai.d  gold  lying  upon 
the  ground  when  two  parties  had  been  playing  at 
throwing  three  halfpence  in  the  air.  On  a  Satur- 
day, some  gamble  away  the  morning  and  the 
greater  part  of  the  afternoon."  [Saturday,  I  need 
hardly  say,  is  the  Hebrew  Sabbath.]  "  They  meet 
in  some  secret  back  place,  .ibout  ten,  and  begin 
playing  for  '  one  a  time ' — that  is,  tossing  up 
three  halfpence,  and  stiiking  Is.  on  the  result. 
Other  Jews,  and  a  few  Christians,  will  gather 
round  and  bet.  Sometimes  the  bets  laid  by  the 
Jew  bystanders  are  as  high  as  21.  each ;  and  on 
more  than  one  occasion  the  old-clothes  men  have 
wagered  as  much  as  50/.,  but  only  after  great 
gains  at  gambling.  Some,  if  they  can,  will  cheat, 
by  means  of  a  halfpenny  with  a  head  or  a  tail  on 
both  sides,  called  a  *  gray.'  The  play  lasts  till 
the  Sabbath  is  nearly  over,  and  then  they  go  to 
business  or  the  theatre.  They  seldom  or  never 
Kiy  a  word  while  they  are  losing,  but  merely 


stamp  on  the  ground ;  it  is  dangerous,  though,  to 
interfere  when  luck  runs  against  them.  The  rule 
is,  when  a  man  is  l^ing  to  let  him  alone.  I  have 
known  them  play  for  three  hours  together,  and 
nothing  be  said  all  that  time  but  *  head  '  or  '  tail.' 
They  seldom  go  to  synagogue,  and  on  a  Sunday 
evening  have  card  parties  at  their  own  houses. 
They  seldom  eat  anything  on  their  rounds.  The 
reason  is,  not  because  they  object  to  eat  meat 
killed  by  a  Christian,  but  because  they  are  afraid 
of  losing  a  '  deal,'  or  the  chance  of  buying  a  lot  of 
old  clothes  by  delay.  They  are  generally  too 
lazy  to  light  their  own  fires  before  they  start  of  a 
morning,  and  nineteen  out  of  twenty  obtain  their 
breakfasts  at  the  coffee-shops  about  Houndsditch. 

"  When  they  return  from  their  day's  work  they 
have  mostly  some  stew  ready,  prepared  by  their 
parents  or  wife.  If  they  are  not  family  men  they 
go  to  an  eating-house.  This  is  sometimes  a 
Jewish  house,  but  if  no  one  is  looking  they  creep 
into  a  Christian  *  cook-shop,'  not  being  particular 
about  eating  *tryfer' — that  is,  meat  which  has 
been  killed  by  a  Christian.  Those  that  are  single 
generally  go  to  a  neighbour  and  agree  with  him 
to  be  boarded  on  the  Sabbath ;  and  for  this  the 
charge  is  generally  about  2s.  Qd.  On  a  Saturday 
there  's  cold  fish  for  breakfast  and  supper  ;  indeed, 
a  Jew  would  pawn  the  shirt  off  his  back  sooner 
than  go  without  fish  then ;  and  in  holiday-time 
he  will  have  it,  if  he  has  to  get  it  out  of  the 
stones.  It  is  not  reckoned  a  holiday  unless  there 's 
fish." 

"  Forty  years  ago  I  have  made  as  much  as  5/. 
in  a  week  by  the  purchase  of  old  clothes  in  the 
streets,"  said  a  Jew  informant.  "  Upon  an  average 
then,  I  could  earn  weekly  about  21.  But  now 
things  are  different.  People  are  more  wide  awake. 
Every  one  knows  the  value  of  an  old  coat  now- 
a-days.  The  women  know  more  than  the  men.  The 
general  average,  I  think,  take  the  good  weeks 
with  the  bad  throughout  the  year,  is  about  H.  a 
week  ;  some  weeks  we  get  21.,  and  some  scarcely 
nothing." 

I  was  told  by  a  Jewish  professional  gentleman 
that  the  account  of  the  spirit  of  gambling  preva- 
lent among  his  people  was  correct,  but  the  amounts 
said  to  be  staked,  he  thought,  rare  or  exaggerated. 

The  Jew  old-clothes  men  are  generally  far  more 
cleanly  in  their  habits  than  the  poorer  classes  of 
English  people.  Their  hands  they  always  wash 
before  their  meals,  and  this  is  done  whether  the 
party  be  a  strict  Jew  or  "  Meshumet,"  a  convert, 
or  apostate  from  Judaism.  Neither  will  the 
Israelite  ever  use  the  same  knife  to  cut  his  meat 
that  he  previously  used  to  spread  his  butter,  and 
he  will  not  even  put  his  meat  on  a  plate  that  haa 
had  butter  on  it ;  nor  will  he  use  for  his  soup  the 
spoon  that  has  had  melted  butter  in  it.  This  ob- 
jection to  mix  butter  with  meat  is  carried  so  far, 
that,  after  partaking  of  the  one,  Jews  will  not 
eat  of  the  other  for  the  space  of  two  hours.  The 
Jews  are  generally,  when  married,  most  exemplary 
family  men.  There  are  few  fonder  fathers  than 
they  are,  and  they  will  starve  themselves  sooner 
than  their  wives  and  children  should  want. 
Whatever  their  faulu  may  be,  they  are  good 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


121 


fathers,  husbands,  and  sons.  Their  principal- 
characteristic  is  their  extreme  love  of  money ;  and, 
though  the  strict  Jew  does  not  trade  himself  on 
the  Sabbath,  he  may  not  object  to  employ  either 
one  of  his  tribe,  or  a  Gentile,  to  do  so  for  him. 

The  capit;il  required  for  commencing  in  the 
old-clothes  line  is  generally  about  1/.  This  the 
Jew  frequently  borrows,  especially  after  holiday- 
time,  for  then  he  has  generally  spent  all  his  earn- 
ings, unless  he  be  a  provident  man.  When  his 
stock-money  is  exhausted,  he  goes  either  to  a 
neighbour  or  to  a  publican  in  the  vicinity,  and 
borrows  II.  on  the  Monday  morning,  "  to  strike  a 
light  with,"  as  he  calls  it,  and  agrees  to  return  it 
on  the  Friday  evening,  with  Is,  interest  for  the 
loan.  This  he  always  pays  back.  If  he  was  to 
sell  the  coat  otT  his  back  he  would  do  this,  I  am 
told,  because  to  fail  in  so  doing  would  be  to  pre- 
vent his  obtaining  any  stock-money  for  the  future. 
"With  this  capital  he  starts  on  his  rounds  about 
eight  in  the  morning,  and  I  am  assured  he  will 
frequently  begin  his  work  without  tasting  food, 
rather  than  break  into  the  borrowed  stock-money. 
Each  man  has  his  particular  walk,  and  never  in- 
terferes with  that  of  his  neighbour  ;  indeed,  while 
upon  another's  beat  he  will  seldom  cry  for  clothes. 
Sometimes  they  go  half  "  Rybeck  "  together — 
that  is,  they  will  share  the  profits  of  the  day's  busi- 
ness, and  when  they  agree  to  do  this  the  one  will 
take  one  street,  and  the  other  another.  The  lov/er 
the  neighbourhood  the  more  old  clothes  are  there 
for  sale.  At  the  east  end  of  the  town  they  like 
the  neighbourhoods  frequented  by  sailors,  and 
there  they  purchase  of  the  girls  and  the  women 
the  sailors'  jackets  and  trowscrs.  But  they  buy 
most  of  the  Petticoat-lane,  the  Old-Clothes  Ex- 
change, and  the  marine-store  dealers;  for  as  the  Jew 
clothes  man  never  travels  the  streets  by  night-time, 
the  parties  who  then  have  old  clothes  to  dispose 
of  usually  sell  them  to  the  marine-store  or  second- 
hand dealers  over-night,  and  the  Jew  buys  them 
in  the  morning.  The  first  thing  that  he  does  on 
his  rounds  is  to  seek  out  these  shops,  and  see 
what  he  can  pick  up  there.  A  very  great  amount 
of  business  is  done  by  the  Jew  clothes  man  at  the 
marine-store  shops  at  the  west  as  well  as  at  the 
east  end  of  London. 

At  the  West-end  the  itinerant  clothes  men  pre- 
fer the  mews  at  the  back  of  gentlemen's  houses 
to  all  other  places,  or  else  the  streets  where  the 
little  tradesmen  and  small  genteel  families  reside. 
My  informant  assured  me  that  he  had  once  bought 
a  Bishop's  hat  of  his  lordship's  servant  for  1$.  6d. 
on  a  Sunday  morning. 

These  traders,  as  I  have  elsewhere  stated,  live 
at  the  Kast^nd  of  the  town.  The  greater  number 
of  them  reside  in  Portsoken  Ward,  Houndsditch  ; 
and  their  favourite  localities  in  this  district  are 
either  Cobb's-yanI,  Roper's-building,  or  Went- 
worth-street  They  mostly  occupy  small  houses, 
about  4s.  6d.  a  week  rent,  and  live  with  their 
families.  They  are  generally  sober  men.  It  is 
seldom  that  a  Jew  leaves  bis  bouse  and  owes  his 
Undlord  money  ;  and  if  his  goods  should  be  seized 
the  rest  of  bi«  tribe  will  go  roond  and  collect  what 
is  owing. 


The  rooms  occupied  by  the  old-clothes  men  are 
far  from  being  so  comfortable  as  those  of  the  Eng- 
lish artizans  whose  earnings  are  not  superior  to 
the  gains  of  these  clothes  men.  Those  which  I 
saw  had  all  a  littered  look  ;  the  furniture  was  old 
and  scant,  and  the  apartment  seemed  neither 
shop,  parlour,  nor  bed-room.  For  domestic  and 
family  men,  as  some  of  the  Jew  old-clothes  men 
are,  they  seem  very  indifferent  to  the  comforts  of 
a  home. 

I  have  spoken  of  "  Tryfer,"  or  meat  killed  in 
the  Christian  fashion.  Now,  the  meat  killed  ac- 
cording to  the  Jewish  law  is  known  as  "  Coshar," 
and  a  strict  Jew  will  eat  none  other.  In  one  of 
my  letters  in  the  Morning  Chronicle  on  the  meat 
markets  of  London,  there  appeared  the  following 
statement,  respecting  the  Jew  butchers  in  White- 
chapel-market. 

"  To  a  portion  of  the  meat  here  exposed  for 
sale,  may  be  seen  attached  the  peculiar  seal  which 
shows  that  the  animal  was  killed  conformably  to 
the  Jewish  rites.  According  to  the  injunctions  of 
this  religion  the" beast  must  die  from  its  throat 
being  cut,  instead  of  being  knocked  on  the  head. 
The  slaughterer  of  the  cattle  for  Jewish  con- 
sumption, moreover,  must  be  a  Jew.  Two 
slaughterers  are  appointed  by  the  Jewish  autho- 
rities of  the  synagogue,  and  they  can  employ 
others,  who  must  be  likewise  Jews,  as  assistants. 
The  slaughterers  I  saw  were  quiet-looking  and 
quiet-mannered  men.  When  the  animal  is 
slaughtered  and  skinned,  an  examiner  (also  ap- 
pointed by  the  synagogue)  carefully  inspects  the 
'  inside.'  '  If  the  lights  be  grown  to  the  ribs,' 
said  my  informant,  who  had  had  many  years'  ex- 
perience in  this  branch  of  the  meat  trade,  *  or  if 
the  lungs  have  any  disease,  or  if  there  be  any 
disease  anywhere,  the  meat  is  prononnced  unfit 
for  the  food  of  the  Jews,  and  is  sent  entire  to  a 
carcase  butcher  to  be  sold  to  the  Christians.  This, 
however,  does  not  happen  once  in  20  times.'  To 
the  parts  exposed  for  sale,  when  the  slaughtering 
has  been  according  to  the  Jewish  law,  there  is 
attached  a  leaden  seal,  stamped  in  Hebrew  cha- 
racters with  the  name  of  the  examining  party 
sealing.  In  this  way,  as  I  ascertained  from  the 
slaughterers,  are  killed  weekly  from  120  to  140 
bullocks,  from  400  to  500  sheep  and  lambs,  and 
about  30  calves.  All  the  parts  of  the  animal  thus 
slaughtered  may  be  and  are  eaten  by  the  Jews, 
but  three-fourths  of  the  purchase  of  this  meat  is 
confined,  as  regards  the  Jews,  to  the  fore-quarters 
of  the  respective  animals;  the  hind-quarters,  being 
the  choicer  parts,  are  sent  to  Newgate  or  Leaden- 
hallmarkets  for  sale  on  commission,"  The  Hebrew 
butchers  consider  that  the  Christian  mode  of 
slanghter  is  a  far  less  painful  death  to  the  ox 
than  was  the  Jewish. 

I  am  informed  that  of  the  Jew  Old-Clothes  Men 
there  are  now  only  from  600  to  600  in  London  ; 
at  one  time  there  might  have  been  1000,  Their 
average  earnings  may  be  something  short  of  20«,  a 
week  in  second-hand  clothes  alone ;  but  the 
gains  are  difficult  to  estimate. 


122 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Op  a  Jew  Street-Seller. 


An  elderly  man,  who,  at  the  time  I  saw  him,  was 
vending  spectacles,  or  bartering  them  for  old 
clothes,  old  books,  or  any  second-hand  articles, 
gave  me  an  account  of  his  street-life,  but  it  pre- 
sented little  remarkable  beyond  the  not  unusual 
vicissitudes  of  the  lives  of  those  of  his  class. 

He  had  been  in  every  street-trade,  and  had  on 
four  occasions  travelled  all  over  England,  selling 
quills,  sealing-wax,  pencils,  sponges,  braces,  cheap 
or  superior  jewellery,  thermometers,  and  pictures. 
He  had  sold  barometers  in  the  mountainous  parts 
of  Cumberland,  sometimes  walking  for  hours 
without  seeing  man  or  woman.  "  /  liked  it  then," 
he  said,  "/or  /  was  young  and  strong,  and 
didn't  care  to  sleep  tvnce  in  the  same  town.  I  was 
afterwards  in  the  old-clothes  line.  I  buy  a  few 
odd  hats  and  light  things  still,  but  I  'm  not  able 
to  carry  heavy  weights,  as  my  breath  is  getting 
rather  short."  [I  find  that  the  Jews  generally 
object  to  the  more  laborious  kinds  of  street-traffic] 
"  Yes,  I  've  been  twice  to  Ireland,  and  sold  a 
good  many  quills  in  Dublin,  for  I  crossed  over 
from  Liverpool.  Quills  and  wax  were  a  great 
trade  with  us  once;  now  it's  quite  different. 
I  've  had  as  much  as  60^.  of  my  own,  and  that 
more  than  half-a-dozen  times,  but  all  of  it  went 
in  speculations.  Yes,  some  went  in  gambling.  I 
had  a  share  in  a  gaming-booth  at  the  races,  for 
three  years.  0, 1  dare  say  that 's  more  than  20 
years  back ;  but  we  did  very  little  good.  There 
was  such  fees  to  pay  for  the  tent  on  a  race- 
ground,  and  often  such  delays  between  the  races 
in  the  different  towns,  and  bribes  to  be  given  to 
the  town-officers — such  as  town-sergeants  and  chief 
constables,  and  I  hardly  know  who — and  so  many 
expenses  altogether,  that  the  profits  were  mostly 
swamped.  Once  at  Newcastle  races  there  was  a 
fight  among  the  pitmen,  and  our  tent  was  in  their 
way,  and  was  demolished  almost  to  bits.  A  deal 
of  the  money  was  lost  or  stolen.  I  don't  know  how 
much,  but  not  near  so  much  as  my  partners  wanted 
to  make  out.  I  wasn't  on  the  spot  just  at  the 
time.  I  got  married  after  that,  and  took  a  shop 
in  the  second-hand  clothes  line  in  Bristol,  but  my 
wife  died  in  child-bed  in  less  than  a  year,  and  the 
shop  didn't  answer ;  so  I  got  sick  of  it,  and  at 
last  got  rid  of  it.  0,  I  work  both  the  country 
and  London  still.  I  shall  take  a  turn  into  Kent 
in  a  day  or  two.  I  suppose  I  clear  between  10s. 
and  20a.  a  week  in  anything,  and  as  I  've  only 
myself,  I  do  middling,  and  am  ready  for  another 
chance  if  any  likely  speculation  offers.  I  lodge 
with  a  relation,  and  sometimes  live  with  his 
family.  No,  I  never  touch  any  meat  but  *  Coshar.' 
I  suppose  my  meat  now  costs  me  6d.  or  7d.  a  day, 
but  it  has  cost  me  ten  times  that — and  2d.  for  beer 
in  addition." 

I  am  informed  that  there  are  about  60  adult 
Jews  (besides  old-clothes  men)  in  the  streets 
selling  fruit,  cakes,  pencils,  spectacles,  sponge, 
accordions,  drugs,  &c. 

Of  the  Jew-Bot  Stbeet-Sbllkkj. 
I  HAVE  ascertained,  and  from  sources  where  no 


ignorance  on  the  subject  could  prevail,  that  there 
are  now  in  the  streets  of  London,  rather  more  than 
100  Jew-boys  engaged  principally  in  fruit  and 
cake-selling  in  the  streets.  Very  few  Jewesses 
are  itinerant  street-sellers.  Most  of  the  older  Jews 
thus  engaged  have  been  street-sellers  from  their 
boyhood.  The  young  Jews  who  ply  in  street- 
callings,  however,  are  all  men  in  matters  of  traffic, 
almost  before  they  cease,  in  years,  to  be  children. 
In  addition  to  the  Jew-boy  street-sellers  above 
enumerated,  there  are  from  50  to  100,  but  usually 
about  50,  who  are  occasional,  or  "casual"  street- 
traders,  vending  for  the  most  part  cocoa-nuts  and" 
grapes,  and  confining  their  sales  chiefly  to  the 
Sundays. 

On  the  subject  of  the  street-Jew  boys,  a  Hebrew 
gentleman  said  to  me  :  "  When  we  speak  of  street- 
Jew  boys,  it  should  be  understood,  that  the  great 
majority  of  them  are  but  little  more  conversant 
with  or  interested  in  the  religion  of  their  fathers, 
than  are  the  costermonger  boys  of  whom  you  have 
written.  They  are  Jews  by  the  accident  of  their 
birth,  as  others  in  the  same  way,  with  equal  igno- 
rance of  the  assumed  faith,  are  Christians." 

I  received  from  a  Jew  boy  the  following  ac- 
count of  his  trading  pursuits  and  individual  aspi- 
rations. There  was  somewhat  of  a  thickness  in  his 
utterance,  otherwise  his  speech  was  but  little  dis- 
tinguishable from  that  of  an  English  street-boy. 
His  physiognomy  was  decidedly  Jewish,  but  not 
of  the  handsomer  type.  His  hair  was  light- 
coloured,  but  clean,  and  apparently  well  brushed, 
without  being  oiled,  or,  as  I  heard  a  street-boy 
style  it,  "jgreased";  it  was  long,  and  hesaid  his 
aunt  told  him  it  "wanted  cutting  sadly  ;"  but  he 
"liked  it  that  way;"  indeed,  he  kept  dashing 
his  curls  from  ^^his  eyes,  and  back  from  his  tem- 
ples, as  he  was  conversing,  as  if  he  were  some- 
what vain  of  doing  so.  He  was  dressed  in  a 
corduroy  suit,  old  but  not  ragged,  and  wore  a 
tolerably  clean,  very  coarse,  and  altogether  button- 
less  shirt,  which  he  said  "  was  made  for  one  bigger 
than  me,  sir."  He  had  bought  it  for  9^f^.  in  Petti- 
coat-lane, and  accounted  it  a  bargain,  as  its  wear 
would  be  durable.  He  was  selling  sponges  when 
I  saw  him,  and  of  the  commonest  kind,  offering  a 
large  piece  for  Zd.,  which  (he  admitted)  would  be 
rubbed  to  bits  in  no  time.  This  sponge,  I  should 
mention,  is  frequently  "dressed"  with  sulphuric 
acid,  and  an  eminent  surgeon  informed  me  that 
on  his  servant  attempting  to  clean  his  black  dress 
coat  with  a  sponge  that  he  had  newly  bought  in 
the  streets,  the  colour  of  the  garment,  to  his  horror, 
changed  to  a  bright  purple.  The  Jew  boy  said — 
"  I  believe  I  'm  twelve.  I  've  been  to  school, 
but  it 's  long  since,  and  my  mother  was  very  ill 
then,  and  I  was  forced  to  go  out  in  the  streets  to 
have  a  chance.  I  never  was  kept  to  school.  I 
can't  read;  I 've  forgot  all  about  it.  I'd  rather 
now  that  I  could  read,  but  very  likely  I  could 
soon  learn  if  I  could  only  spare  time,  but  if  I 
stay  long  in  the  house  I  feel  sick;  it's  not 
healthy.  0,  no,  sir,  inside  or  out  it  would  be  all 
the  same  to  me,  just  to  make  a  living  and  keep  my 
health.  I  can't  say  how  long  it  is  since  I  began 
to  sell,  it 's  a  good  long  time ;  one  must  do  some- 


LOA^DON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


123 


thing.  I  could  keep  myself  now,  and  do  some- 
times, but  my  father  —  I  live  with  him  (my 
mother 's  dead)  is  often  laid  up.  "Would  you  like 
to  see  him,  sir?  He  knows  a  deal.  No,  he 
can't  write,  but  he  can  read  a  little.  Can  I  speak 
Hebrew?  Well,  I  know  what  you  mean.  0, 
no,  I  can't.  I  don't  go  to  synagogue ;  I  haven't 
time.  My  father  goes,  but  only  sometimes ;  so 
he  says,  and  he  tells  me  to  look  out,  for  we  must 
both  go  by-and-by."  [I  began  to  ask  him  what 
he  knew  of  Joseph,  and  others  recorded  in  the  Old 
Testament,  but  he  bristled  up,  and  asked  if  I 
wanted  to  make  a  Meshumet  (a  convert)  of  him  X\ 
"  I  haTe  sold  all  sorts  of  things,"  he  continued, 
"  oranges,  and  lemons,  and  sponges,  and  nuts,  and 
sweets.  I  should  like  to  have  a  r^  good  ginger- 
beer  fountain  of  my  own ;  but  I  must  wait,  and 
there  's  many  in  the  trade.  I  only  go  with  boys 
of  my  own  sort.  I  sell  to  all  sorts  of  boys, 
but  that 's  nothing.  Very  likely  they  're  Christians, 
but  that 's  nothing  to  me.  I  don't  know  what 's 
the  difference  between  a  Jew  and  Christian,  and 
I  don't  want  to  talk  about  it.  The  Meshumets 
are  never  any  good.  Anybody  will  tell  you  that. 
Yes,  I  like  music  and  can  sing  a  bit  I  get  to  a 
penny  and  sometimes  a  two-penny  concert.  No, 
I  haven't  been  to  Sussex  Hall — I  know  where  it 
is — I  shouldn't  understand  it.  You  get  in  for 
nothing,  that's  one  thing.  I've  heard  of  Baron 
Kothschild.  He  has  more  money  than  I  could 
count  in  shillings  in  a  year.  I  don't  know  about 
bis  wanting  to  get  into  parliament,  or  what  it 
means  ;  but  he  's  sure  to  do  it  or  anything  else, 
with  his  money.  He 's  very  charitable,  I  've 
heard.  I  don't  know  whether  he's  a  German 
Jew,  or  a  Portegee,  or  what.  He  *s  a  cut  above 
me,  a  precious  sight  I  only  wish  he  was  my 
uncle.  I  can't  say  what  I  should  do  if  I  had  his 
money.  Perhaps  I  should  go  a  travelling,  and  see 
everything  everywhere.  I  don't  know  how  long 
the  Jews  have  been  in  England;  always  per- 
haps. Yes,  I  know  there  's  Jews  in  other  countries. 
This  sponge  is  Greek  sponge,  but  I  don't  know 
where  it 's  grown,  only  it 's  in  foreign  parts.  Jeru- 
salem I  Yes,  I  've  heard  of  it  I  'm  of  no  tribe 
that  I  know  of.  I  buy  what  I  eat  about  Petticoat- 
lane.  No,  I  don't  like  fish,  but  the  stews,  and 
the  onions  with  them  is  beautiful  for  two-pence  ; 
yoa  may  get  a  pennor'th.  The  pickles — cowcum- 
bers  is  best — are  stunning.  But  they  're  plummiest 
with  a  bit  of  cheese  or  anything  cold — that's 
my  opinion,  but  you  may  think  different.  Pork  ! 
Ah  I  No,  I  never  touched  it ;  I  'd  as  soon  eat  a 
cat ;  so  would  my  father.  No,  sir,  I  don't  think 
pork  smells  nice  in  a  cook-shop,  but  some  Jew 
boys,  as  I  knows,  thinks  it  does.  I  don't  know 
why  it  shouldn't  b«  eaten,  only  that  it 's  wrong  to 
eat  it  No,  I  never  touched  a  ham-sandwich,  but 
other  Jew  boyi  have,  and  laughed  at  it,  I  know. 
**  I  don't  know  what  I  make  in  a  week.  I 
think  I  make  as  much  on  one  thing  as  on  another. 
I've  sold  strawberries,  and  cherries,  and  goose- 
berries, and  nuts  and  walnuts  in  the  season.  0, 
as  to  what  I  make,  that's  nothing  to  nobody. 
Sometimes  dd.  a  day,  sometimes  Is.;  sometimes  a 
little  more,  and  sometimes  nothing.     No,  I  never 


sells  inferior  things  if  I  can  help  it,  but  if  one 
hasn't  stock-money  one  must  do  as  one  can,  but  it 
isn't  80  easy  to  try  it  on.  There  was  a  boy 
beaten  by  a  woman  not  long  since  for  selling  a 
big  pottle  of  strawberries  that  was  rubbish  all 
under  the  toppers.  It  was  all  strawberry  leaves, 
and  crushed  strawberries,  and  such  like.  She 
wanted  to  take  back  from  him  the  two-pence  she  'd 
paid  for  it,  and  got  hold  of  his  pockets  and  there 
was  a  regular  fight,  but  she  didn't  get  a  farthing 
back  though  she  tried  her  very  hardest,  'cause  he 
slipped  from  her  and  hooked  it  So  you  see  it 's 
dangerous  to  try  it  on."  [This  last  remark  was 
made  gravely  enough,  but  the  lad  told  of  the  feat 
with  such  manifest  glee,  that  I'm  inclined  to 
believe  that  he  himself  was  the  culprit  in  question.] 
"  Yes,  it  was  a  Jew  boy  it  happened  to,  but  other 
boys  in  the  streets  is  just  the  same.  Do  I  like 
the  streets  ?  I  can't  say  I  do,  there 's  too  little 
to  be  made  in  them.  No,  I  wouldn't  like  to  go 
to  school,  nor  to  he  in  a  shop,  nor  he  anybody  s 
servant  hut  my  own.  0,  I  don't  know  what  I 
shall  be  when  I  'ra  grown  up.  I  shall  take  ray 
chance  like  others." 

Of  the  Pursuits,  Dwellings,  Traffic,  etc., 
OP  THE  Jew-Boy  Street-Sellers. 
To  speak  of  the  street  Jew-boys  as  regards  their 
traffic,  manners,  haunts,  and  associations,  is  to 
speak  of  the  same  class  of  boys  who  may  not  be 
employed  regularly  in  street-sale,  but  are  the 
comrades  of  those  who  are ;  a  class,  who,  on  any 
cessation  of  their  employment  in  cigar  manufac- 
tories, or  indeed  any  capacity,  will  apply  them- 
selves temporarily  to  street-selling,  for  it  seems  to 
these  poor  and  uneducated  lads  a  sort  of  natural 
vocation. 

These  youths,  uncontrolled  or  incontrollahle  by 
their  parents  (who  are  of  the  lowest  class  of  the 
Jews,  and  who  often,  I  am  told,  care  little  about  the 
matter, so  longas  the  child  can  earn  his  own  mainte- 
nance), frequently  in  the  evenings,  after  their  day's 
work,  resort  to  coffee-shops,  in  preference  even  to 
a  cheap  concert-room.  In  these  places  they  amuse 
themselves  as  men  might  do  in  a  tavern  where  the 
landlord  leaves  his  guests  to  their  own  caprices. 
Sometimes  one  of  them  reads  aloud  from  some 
exciting  or  degrading  book,  the  lads  who  are 
unable  to  read  listening  with  all  the  intentness 
with  which  many  of  the  imeducated  attend  to  any 
one  reading.  The  reading  is,  however,  not  unfre- 
quently  interrupted  by  rude  comments  from  the 
listeners.  If  a  newspaper  be  read,  the  "police," 
or  "crimes,"  are  mostly  the  parts  preferred.  But 
the  most  approved  way  of  passing  the  evening, 
among  the  Jew  boys,  is  to  pky  at  draughts,  do- 
minoes, or  cribbage,  and  to  bet  on  tho  play. 
Draughts  and  dominoes  are  unpractised  among 
the  costermonger  boys,  but  some  of  tho  young 
Jews  are  adepts  in  those  games. 

A  gentleman  who  took  an  interest  in  the  Jew 
lads  told  me  that  he  had  often  heard  the  sort  of 
reading  and  comments  I  have  described,  when  ho 
had  called  to  talk  to  and  perhaps  expostulate  with 
these  youths  in  a  coffee-shop,  but  he  informed  me 
that  they  seldom  regarded  any  expostulation,  and 


124 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


seemed  to  be  little  restrained  by  the  presence  of 
a  stranger,  the  lads  all  muttering  and  laughing  in 
a  box  among  themselves.  I  saw  seven  of  them, 
a  little  after  eight  in  the  evening,  in  a  coffee-shop 
in  the  London-road, — although  it  is  not  much  of 
a  Jewish  locality, — and  two  of  them  were  playing 
at  draughts  for  coffee,  while  the  others  looked  on, 
betting  halfpennies  or  pennies  with  all  the  eager- 
ness of  gamblers,  unrestrained  in  their  expressions 
of  delight  or  disappointment  as  they  thought  they 
were  winning  or  losing,  and  commenting  on  the 
moves  with  all  the  assurance  of  connoisseurship ; 
sometimes  they  squabbled  angrily  and  then  sud- 
denly dropped  their  voices,  as  the  master  of  the 
coffee-shop  had  once  or  twice  cautioned  them  to 
be  quiet. 

The  dwellings  of  boys  such  ns  these  are  among 
the  worst  in  London,  as  regards  ventilation,  com- 
fort, or  cleanliness.  Tliey  reside  in  the  courts 
and  recesses  about  Whitechapel  and  Petticoat- 
lane,  and  generally  in  a  garret.  If  not  orphans 
they  usually  dwell  with  their  father.  I  am  told  that 
the  care  of  a  mother  is  almost  indispensable  to  a 
poor  Jew  boy,  and  having  that  care  he  seldom 
becomes  an  outcast.  The  Jewesses  and  Jew  girls 
are  rarely  itinerant  street-sellers — not  in  the  pro- 
portion of  one  to  twelve,  compared  with  the  men 
and  boj's;  in  this  respect  therefore  the  street  Jews 
differ  widely  from  the  English  costemiongers  and 
the  street  Irish,  nor  are  the  Hebrew  females  even 
stall-keepers  in  the  same  proportion. 

One  Jew  boy's  lodging  which  I  visited  was  in 
a  back  garret,  low  and  small.  The  boy  lived  with 
his  father  (a  street-seller  of  fruit),  and  the  room 
was  very  bare.  A  few  sacks  were  thrown  over 
an  old  palliass,  a  blanket  seemed  to  be  used  for 
a  quilt;  there  were  no  fire-irons  nor  fender;  no 
cooking  utensils.  Beside  the  bed  was  an  old 
chest,  serving  for  a  chair,  while  a  board  resting 
on  a  trestle  did  duty  for  a  table  (this  was  once, 
I  presume,  a  small  street-stall).  The  one  not  ver}- 
large  window  was  thick  with  dirt  and  patched  all 
over.  Altogether  I  have  seldom  seen  a  more 
wretched  apartment.  The  man,  I  was  told,  was 
addicted  to  drinking. 

The  callings  of  which  the  Jew  boys  have  the 
monopoly  are  not  connected  with  the  sale  of  any 
especial  article,  but  rather  with  such  things  as  pre- 
sent a  variety  from  those  ordinarily  offered  in  the 
streets,  such  as  cakes,  sweetmeats,  fried  fish,  and 
(in  the  winter)  elder  wine.  The  cakes  known  as 
"boolers" — a  mixture  of  egg,  flour,  and  candied 
orange  or  lemon  peel,  cut  very  thin,  and  with  a 
slight  colouring  from  saffron  or  something  similar — 
are  nowsold  principally, and  used  to  be  sold  exclu- 
sively, by  the  Jew  boys.  Almond  cakes  (little 
round  cakes  of  crushed  almonds)  are  at  present 
vended  by  the  Jew  boys,  and  their  sponge  biscuits 
are  in  demand.  All  these  dainties  are  bought 
by  the  street-lads  of  the  Jew  pastry-cooks.  The 
difference  in  these  cakes,  in  their  sweetmeats,  and 
their  elder  wine,  is  that  there  is  a  dash  of  spice 
about  them  not  ordinarily  met  with.  It  is  the 
same  with  the  fried  fish,  a  little  spice  or  pepper 
being  blended  with  the  oil.  In  the  street-sale  of 
pickles  the  Jews  have  also  the  monopoly ;  these. 


however,  are  seldom  hawked,  but  generally  sold 
from  windows  and  door-steads.  The  pickles  are 
cucumbers  or  gherkins,  and  onions — a  large  cu- 
cumber being  2d.,  and  the  smaller  \d.  .and  ^d. 

The  faults  of  the  Jew  lad  are  an  eagerness  to 
make  money  by  any  means,  so  that  he  often  grows 
up  a  cheat,  a  trickster,  a  receiver  of  stolen  goods, 
though  seldom  a  thief,  for  he  leaves  that  to  others. 
He  is  content  to  profit  by  the  thief's  work,  but 
seldom  steals  himself,  however  he  may  cheat. 
Some  of  these  lads  become  rich  men ;  others  are 
vagabonds  all  tlieir  lives.  None  of  the  Jew  lads 
confine  themselves  to  the  sale  of  any  one  article, 
nor  do  they  seem  to  prefer  one  branch  of  street- 
traffic  to  another.  Even  those  who  cannot  read 
are  exceedingly  quick. 

I  may  here  observe  in  connection  with  the  re- 
ceipt of  stolen  goods,  tliat  I  shall  deal  with  this 
subject  in  my  account  of  the  London  Thieves. 
I  shall  also  show  the  connection  of  Jewesses  and 
Jews  with  the  j^^'ostiUUion  of  the  metropolis,  in 
my  forthcoming  exposition  of  the  London  Pros- 
titutes. 

Oii"  THE  Street  Jewesses  and  Street 
Jew- Girls. 
I  hate  mentioned  that  the  Jewesses  and  the 
young  Jew  girls,  compared  with  the  adult  Jews  and 
Jew  boys,  are  not  street-traders  in  anything  like 
the  proportion  which  the  females  were  found  to  bear 
to  the  males  among  the  Irish  street-folk  and  the 
English  costemiongers.  There  are,  however,  a  few 
Jewish  females  who  are  itinerant  street-sellers  as 
w^ell  as  stall  keepers,  in  tlie  proportion,  perhaps, 
of  one  female  to  seven  or  eight  males.  The 
majority  of  the  street  Jew-girls  whom  I  saw  on  a 
round  were  accompanied  by  boys  who  were  re- 
presented to  be  their  brothers,  and  I  have  little 
doubt  such  was  the  facts,  for  these  young  Jewesses, 
although  often  pert  and  ignorant,  are  not  unchaste. 
Of  this  I  was  assured  by  a  medical  gentleman 
who  could  speak  with  sufficient  positiveness  on  the 
subject. 

Fruit  is  generally  sold  by  these  boys  and  girls 
together,  the  lad  driving  the  barrow,  and  the  girl 
inviting  custom  and  handing  the  purchases  to  the 
buyers.  In  tending  a  little  stall  or  a  basket  at  a 
regular  pitch,  with  such  things  as  cherries  or  straw- 
berries, the  little  Jewess  differs  only  from  her 
street-selling  sisters  in  being  a  brisker  trader.  The 
stalls,  with  a  few  old  knives  or  scissors,  or  odds 
and  ends  of  laces,  that  are  tended  by  the  Jew 
girls  in  the  streets  in  the  Jewish  quarters  (I  am 
told  there  are  not  above  a  dozen  of  them)  are 
generally  near  the  shops  and  within  sight  of  their 
parents  or  friends.  One  little  Jewess,  with  whom 
I  had  some  conversation,  had  not  even  heard  the 
name  of  the  Chief  llabbi,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Adler,  and 
knew  nothing  of  any  distinction  between  German 
and  Portuguese  Jews ;  she  had,  I  am  inclined  to 
believe,  never  heard  of  either.  I  am  told  that 
the  whole,  or  nearly  the  whole,  of  these  young 
female  traders  reside  with  parents  or  friends,  and 
that  there  is  among  them  far  less  than  the  average 
number  of  runaways.  One  Jew  told  me  he  thought 
that  the  young  female  members  of  his  tribe  did 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


125 


not  tramp  with  the  juveniles  of  the  other  sex-— 
no,  not  in  the  proportion  of  one  to  a  hundred  in 
comparison,  he  Sviid  with  a  hiugh,  with  "  young 
women  of  the  Christian  persuasion."  My  in- 
formant had  means  of  knowing  this  fact,  as  although 
•till  a  young  man,  he  had  traversed  the  greater 
part  of  England  hawking  perfumer}',  which  he 
had  abandoned  as  a  bad  trade.  A  wire-worker, 
long  familiar  with  tramping  and  going  into  the 
country — a  man  upon  whose  word  I  have  every 
reason  to  rely — told  me  that  he  could  not  remember 
a  single  instance  of  his  having  seen  a  young 
Jewess  "travelling"  with  a  boy. 

There  are  a  few  adult  Jewesses  who  are  itinerant 
traders,  but  very  few.  I  met  with  one  who  carried 
on  her  arm  a  not  very  large  basket,  filled  with 
glass  wares ;  chiefly  salt-cellars,  cigar-ash  plates, 
blue  glass  dessert  plates,  vinegar-cruets,  and  such 
like.  The  greater  part  of  her  wares  appeared  to 
be  blue,  and  she  carried  nothing  but  glass.  She 
was  a  good-looking  and  neatly-dressed  woman. 
She  peeped  in  at  each  shop-door,  and  up  at  tiie 
windows  of  every  private  house,  in  the  street  in 
which  I  met  hej,  crying,  "  Clo',  old  clo'  !"  She 
bartered  her  glass  for  old  clothes,  or  bought  the 
garments,  dealing  principally  in  female  attire,  and 
almost  entirely  with  women.  She  declined  to  say 
anything  about  her  family  or  her  circumstances, 
except  that  she  had  nothing  that  way  to  comphiin 
about,  but — when  I  had  used  some  names  I  had 
authority  to  make  mention  of — she  said  she  would, 
with  pleasure,  tell  me  all  about  her  trade,  which 
■he  carried  on  rather  than  do  nothing.  "  When 
I  hawk,"  she  said  with  an  English  accent,  her  face 
being  unmistakeably  Jewish,  "  I  hawk  only  good 
glass,  and  it  can  hardly  be  called  hawking,  as  I 
swop  it  for  more  than  I  sell  it.  I  always  ask  for 
the  mistress,  and  if  she  wants  any  of  my  glass  we 
come  to  a  bargain  if  we  can.  0,  it 's  ridiculous  to 
■ee  what  things  some  ladies — I  suppose  they  must 
be  called  ladies — offer  for  my  glass.  Children's 
green  or  blue  gauze  veils,  torn  or  faded,  and  not 
worth  picking  up,  because  no  use  whatever ;  old 
ribbons,  not  worth  dyeing,  and  old  frocks,  not 
worth  washing.  People  say,  '  as  keen  as  a  Jew,' 
but  ladies  can't  think  we  *re  very  keen  when  they 
offer  us  such  rubbish.  I  do  most  at  the  middle 
kind  of  houses,  both  shops  and  private.  I  some- 
times give  a  little  money  for  such  a  thing  as  a 
shawl,  or  a  fur  tippet,  as  well  as  my  glass — but 
only  when  I  can't  help  it — to  secure  a  bargain. 
Sometimes,  but  not  often,  I  get  the  old  thing  and 
a  trifle  for  my  glass.  Occasionally  I  buy  out- 
right I  don't  do  much,  there 's  so  many  in  the 
line,  and  I  don't  go  out  regularly.  I  can't  say 
how  many  women  are  in  my  way — very  few  ;  0, 
I  do  middling.  I  told  you  I  had  no  complaints 
to  make.  I  don't  calculate  my  profits  or  what  I 
•ell.  My  family  do  that  and  I  don't  trouble  my- 
•elt" 

Or  THB  Sthaooooks  ard  tui  Religion  ov 

THB  StEIBT  AHD  OTHSE  JbW8. 

Tub  Jews  in  this  country  are  classed  as  "  Por- 
and  "  German."     Among  them  are  no 
of  tribes,  but  there  is  of  rites  and 


ceremonies,  as  is  set  forth  in  the  following  extract 
(which  shows  also  the  mode  of  government)  from 
a  Jewish  writer  :  "  The  Spanish  and  Portuguese 
Congregation  of  Jews,  who  are  also  called  Sephar- 
din  (from  the  word  Sepharad,  which  signifies 
Spain  in  Hebrew),  are  distinct  from  the  German 
and  Polish  Jews  in  their  ritual  service.  The 
prayers  both  daily  and  for  the  Sabbath  materially 
dirtVr  from  each  other,  and  the  festival  praj'ers 
differ  still  more.  Hence  the  Portuguese  Jews 
have  a  distinct  prayer-book,  and  the  German  Jews 
likewise. 

"  The  fundamental  laws  are  equally  observed  by 
both  sects,  but  in  the  ceremonial  worship  there 
exists  numerous  differences.  The  Portuguese  Jews 
eat  some  food  during  the  Paosover,  which  the 
German  Jews  are  prohibited  doing  by  some  Rab- 
bis, but  their  authority  is  not  acknowledged  by 
the  Portuguese  Rahbis.  Nor  are  the  present 
ecclesiastical  authorities  in  London  of  the  two 
sects  the  same.  The  Portuguese  Jews  have  their 
own  Rabbis,  and  the  German  have  their  own. 
The  German  Jews  are  much  more  numerous 
than  the  Portuguese  ;  the  chief  Rabbi  of  the 
German  Jews  is  the  Rev.  Dr.  Nathan  Marcus 
Adler,  late  Chief  Rabbi  of  Hanover,  who  wears 
no  beard,  and  dresses  in  the  German  costume. 
The  presiding  Rabbi  of  the  Portuguese  Jews  is 
the  Rev.  David  Meldola,  a  native  of  Leghorn ; 
his  father  filled  the  same  office  in  London.  Each 
chief  Rabbi  is  supported  by  three  other  Rabbis, 
called  Dayamin,  which  signifies  in  Hebrew 
*  Judges.'  Every  Monday  and  Thursday  the 
Chief  Rabbi  of  the  German  Jews,  Dr.  Adler, 
supported  by  his  three  colleagues,  sits  for  two  hours 
in  the  Rabbinical  College  (Beth  Humedrash), 
Smith's-buildings,  Leadenhall-street,  to  attend  to 
all  applications  from  the  German  Jews,  which 
may  be  brought  before  him,  and  which  are 
decided  according  to  the  Jewish  law.  Many  dis- 
putes between  Jews  in  religious  matters  are  settled 
in  this  m:inner ;  and  if  the  Lord  Mayor  or  any 
other  magistrate  is  told  that  the  matter  has  already 
been  settled  by  the  Jewish  Rabbi  he  seldom  in- 
terferes. This  applies  only  to  civil  and  not  to 
criminal  c.ises.  The  Portuguese  Jews  have  their 
own  hospitil  and  their  own  dchools.  Both  con- 
gregations have  their  representatives  in  the  Board 
of  Deputies  of  British  Jews,  which  board  is  ac- 
knowledged by  government,  and  is  triennial.  Sir 
Moses  Monteftore,  a  Jew  of  great  wealth,  who 
distinguished  himself  by  his  mission  to  Damascus, 
during  the  persecution  of  the  Jews  in  that  place, 
and  also  by  his  mission  to  Russia,  some  years  ago, 
is  the  President  of  the  Board.  A  if  political 
matters,  calling  for  communications  with  govern- 
ment, are  within  the  province  of  that  useful 
board." 

The  Jews  have  eight  synagogues  in  London, 
besides  some  smaller  places  which  may  pcrh.-ips, 
adopting  the  language  of  another  church,  be  called 
synagogues  of  ease.  The  great  synagogue  in 
Duke's-place  (a  locality  of  which  I  have  often  had 
to  speak)  is  the  largest,  but  the  new  synagogue, 
St.  Helen's,  Bishopgate,  is  the  one  which  most 
betokens  the  wealth  of  the  worshippers.     It  is 


126 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


rich  with  ornaments,  marble,  nnd  painted  glass ; 
the  parenient  is  of  painted  marble,  and  presents  a 
perfect  round,  while  the  ceiling  is  a  half  dome. 
There  are  besides  these  the  Hamburg  Synagogue, 
in  Fenchurch-street ;  the  Portuguese  Synagogue, 
in  Bevis-marks;  two  smaller  places,  in  Cutler- 
street  and  Gun-yard,  Houndsditch,  known  as 
Polish  Synagogues ;  the  Maiden-lane  (Covent-gar- 
den),  Sj'nagogue;  the  Western  Synagogue,  St. 
Alban's-place,  Pall-mall ;  and  the  West  Lon- 
don Synagogue  of  British  Jews,  Margaret- 
street,  Cavendish-square,  The  last-mentioned 
is  .the  most  aristocratic  of  the  synagogues. 
The  service  there  is  curtailed,  the  ritual  abbre- 
■^-iated,  and  the  days  of  observance  of  the 
Jewish  festival  reduced  from  two  to  one.  This 
alteration  is  strongly  protested  against  by  the 
other  Jews,  and  the  practices  of  this  synagogue 
seem  to  show  a  yielding  to  the  exactions  or  re- 
quirements of  the  wealthy.  In  the  old  days,  and 
in  almost  every  country  in  Europe,  it  was  held  to 
be  sinful  even  for  a  king — reverenced  and  privileged 
as  such  a  potentate  then  was — to  prosecute  any 
undertaking  before  he  heard  mass.  In  some 
states  it  was  said  in  reproach  of  a  noble  or  a  sove- 
reign, "  he  breakfasts  before  he  hears  mass,"  and, 
to  meet  the  impatience  of  the  Great,  "  hunting 
masses,"  as  they  w^ere  styled,  or  epitomes  of  the 
full  service,  Avere  introduced.  The  Jews,  some 
eight  or  nine  years  back  in  this  country,  seem  to 
have  followed  this  example  ;  such  was  the  case,  at 
least,  as  regards  London  and  the  wealthier  of  the 
professors  of  thia  ancient  faith. 

The  sjTiagogues  are  not  well  attended,  the  con- 
gregations being  smaller  in  proportion  to  the  popu- 
lation than  those  of  the  Church  of  England. 
Neither,  during  the  observance  of  the  Jewish 
worship,  is  there  any  especial  manifestation  of  the 
service  being  regarded  as  of  a  sacred  and  divinely- 
ordained  character.  There  is  a  buzzing  talk 
among  the  attendants  during  the  ceremony,  and 
an  absence  of  seriousness  and  attention.  Some  of 
the  Jews,  however,  show  the  greatest  devotion, 
and  the  same  may  be  said  of  the  Jewesses,  who 
sit  apart  in  the  synagogues,  and  are  not  required 
to  attend  so  regularly  as  the  men. 

I  should  not  have  alluded  to  this  absence  of  the 
solemnities  of  devotion,  as  regards  the  congrega- 
tions of  the  Hebrews,  had  I  not  heard  it  regretted 
by  Hebrews  themselves.  "  It  is  shocking,"  one 
said.  Another  remarked,  "  To  attend  the  syna- 
gogue is  looked  upon  too  much  as  a  matter  of 
bitsiness ;  but  perhaps  there  is  the  same  spirit  in 
some  of  the  Christian  churches." 

As  to  the  street-Jews,  religion  is  little  known 
among  them,  or  little  cared  for.  They  are  indif- 
ferent to  it — not  to  such  a  degree,  indeed,  as  the 
costermongers,  for  they  are  not  so  ignorant  a 
class — but  yet  contrasting  strongly  in  their  neglect 
with  the  religious  intensity  of  the  majority  of  the 
Boman  Catholic  Irish  of  the  streets.  In  common 
justice  I  must  give  the  remark  of  a  Hebrew  mer- 
chant with  whom  I  had  some  conversation  on  the 
subject : — "  I  can't  say  much  about  street-Jews, for 
my  engagements  lead  me  away  from  them,  and  I 
don't  know  much  about  street-Christians.     But  if 


out  of  a  hundred  Jews  you  find  that  only  ten  of 
them  care  for  their  religion,  how  many  out  of  a 
hundred  Christians  of  any  sort  will  care  about 
theirs  1  Will  ten  of  them  care?  If  you  answer, 
but  they  are  only  nominal  Christians,  my  reply  is, 
the  Jews  are  only  nominal  Jews — Jews  by  birth, 
and  not  by  faith." 

Among  the  Jews  I  conversed  with — and  of 
course  only  the  more  intelligent  understood,  or 
were  at  all  interested  in,  the  question — I  heard 
the  most  contemptuous  denunciation  of  all  converts 
from  Judaism.  One  learned  informant,  who  was 
b}"-  no  means  blind  to  the  short-comings  of  his  own 
people,  expressed  his  conviction  that  no  Jew  had 
ever  been  really  converted.  He  had  abandoned 
his  faith  from  interested  motives.  On  this  subject 
I  am  not  called  upon  to  express  any  opinion,  and 
merely  mention  it  to  show  a  prevalent  feeling 
among  the  class  I  am  describing. 

The  street-Jews,  including  the  majority  of  the 
more  prosperous  and  most  numerous  class  among 
them,  the  old-clothes  men,  are  far  from  being 
religious  in  feeling,  or  well  versed  in  their  faith, 
and  are,  perhaps,  in  that  respect  on  a  level  with 
the  mass  of  the  members  of  the  Church  of  Eng- 
land ;  I  say  of  the  Church  of  England,  because 
of  that  church  the  many  who  do  not  profess  re- 
ligion are  usually  accounted  members. 

In  the  Rabbinical  College,  I  may  add,  is  the 
finest  Jewish  library  in  the  world.  It  has  been 
collected  for  several  generations  under  the  care  of 
the  Chief  Rabbis.  The  public  are  admitted, 
having  first  obtained  tickets,  given  gratuitously,  at 
the  Chief  Rabbi's  residence  in  Crosby-square. 

Of  the  Politics,  Literature,  and  Amuse- 
ments OF  THE  Jews: 
Perhaps  there  is  no  people  in  the  world,  possess- 
ing the  average  amount  of  intelligence  in  busy 
communities,  who  care  so  little  for  politics  as  the 
general  body  of  the  Jews.  The  wealthy  classes 
may  take  an  interest  in  the  matter,  but  I  am 
assured,  and  by  those  who  know  their  countrymen 
well,  that  even  with  them  such  a  quality  as 
patriotism  is  a  mere  word.  This  may  be  ac- 
counted for  in  a  great  measure,  perhaps,  from  an 
hereditary  feeling.  The  Jew  could  hardly  be  ex- 
pected to  love  a  land,  or  to  strive  for  the  promotion 
of  its  general  welfare,  where  he  felt  he  was  but  a 
sojourner,  and  where  he  was  at  the  best  but 
tolerated  and  often  proscribed.  But  this  feeling 
becomes  highly  reprehensible  when  it  extends — 
as  I  am  assured  it  does  among  many  of  the  rich 
Jews— to  their  own  people,  for  whom,  apart  from 
conventionalities,  say  my  informants,  t/cey  care 
nothing  whatever ;  for  so  long  as  they  are  undis- 
turbed in  money-getting  at  home,  their  brethren 
may  be  persecuted  all  over  the  world,  while  the 
rich  Jew  merely  shrugs  his  shoulders.  An  honour- 
able exception,  however,  exists  in  Sir  Moses  Monte- 
fiore,  who  has  honourably  distinguished  himself  in 
the  relief  of  his  persecuted  brethren  on  more  than 
one  occasion.  The  great  of  the  earth  no  longer  spit 
upon  the  gabardine  of  the  Jewish  millionaire,  nor 
do  they  draw  his  teeth  to  get  his  money,  but  the 
great  Jew  capitalists,  with  powerful  influence  in 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


12i 


many  a  government,  do  not  seek  to  direct  that  in- 
fluence for  the  bettering  of  the  lot  of  their  poorer 
brethren,  who,  at  the  same  time,  brook  the  re- 
strictions and  indignities  which  tliey  have  to  suffer 
with  a  perfect  philosophy.  In  fact,  the  Jews  have 
often  been  the  props  of  the  courts  who  have  per- 
secuted them  ;  that  is  to  say,  two  or  three  Jewish 
firms  occasionally  have  not  hesitated  to  lend  mil- 
lions to  the  governments  by  whom  they  and  their 
people  have  been  systematically  degraded  and 
oppressed. 

I  was  told  by  a  Hebrew  gentleman  (a  pro- 
fessional man)  that  so  little  did  the  Jews  them- 
selves care  for  "  Jewish  emancipation,"  that  he 
questioned  if  one  man  in  ten,  actuated  solely  bj' 
his  own  feelings,  would  trouble  himself  to  walk 
the  length  of  the  street  in  which  he  lived  to 
secure  Baron  Rothschild's  admission  into  the  House 
of  Commons.  This  apathy,  my  informant  urged 
with  perfect  truth,  in  nowise  affected  the  merits 
of  the  question,  though  he  was  convinced  it  formed 
a  great  obstacle  to  Baron  Rothschild's  success; 
"  for  governmeiits,"  he  said,  "  won't  give  boons 
to  people  who  don't  care  for  them  ;  and,  though 
this  is  called  a  boon,  I  look  upon  it  as  only  a 

When  such  is  the  feeling  of  the  comparatively 
wealtliier  Jews,  no  one  can  wonder  that  I  found 
among  the  Jewish  street-sellers  and  old-clothes 
men  with  whom  I  talked  on  the  subject — and 
their  more  influential  brethren  gave  me  every 
facility  to  prosecute  my  inquiry  among  them — a 
perfect  indifference  to,  and  nearly  as  perfect  an 
ignorance  of,  politics.  Perhaps  no  men  buy  so 
few  newspapers,  and  read  them  so  little,  as  the 
Jews  generally.  The  street-traders,  when  I 
alluded  to  the  subject,  said  they  read  little  but 
the  "  Police  Reports." 

Among  the  body  of  the  Jews  there  is  little  love 
of  Ltterattire.  They  read  far  less  (let  it  be  re- 
membered I  have  acquired  all  this  information  from 
Jews  themselves,  and  from  men  who  could  not  be 
mistaken  in  the  matter),  and  are  far  less  familiar 
with  English  authorship,  either  historical  or 
b'terary,  than  are  the  poorer  English  artizans. 
Neither  do  the  wealthiest  classes  of  the  Jews 
cire  to  foster  literature  among  their  own  people. 
One  author,  a  short  time  ago,  failing  to  interest 
the  English  Jews,  to  promote  the  publication 
of  his  work,  went  to  the  United  Statcp,  and 
his  book  was  issued  in  Philadelphia,  the  city  of 
Qtukers  ! 

The  Aroasements  of  the  Jews— and  here  I 
■peak  more  especially  of  the  street  or  open-air 
traders— are  the  theatres  and  concert-rooms.  The 
City  of  London  Theatre,  the  Standard  Theatre, 
and  other  playhouses  at  the  East-end  of  London, 
are  greatly  resorted  to  by  the  Jews,  and  more 
eipecially  by  the  younger  members  of  tho  body, 
who  •ometimee  constitute  a  rather  obstreperous 
gallery.  The  cheap  concerts  which  they  patronize 
are  generally  of  a  superior  order,  for  the  Jews 
arc  fond  of  rauaic,  and  among  them  have  been 
many  eminent  composers  and  performers,  so  that 
the  trash  and  jingle  which  delights  the  costcrmon- 
ger  class  would  not  please  the  street  Jew  boys ; 


hence  their  concerts  are  superior  to  the  general 
run  of  cheap  concerts,  and  are  almost  always 
''  got  up  "  by  their  own  people. 

Sussex-hall,  in  Leadenhall-street,  is  chiefly  sup- 
ported by  Israelites ;  there  the  "  Jews'  and 
General  Literary  and  Scientific  Institution"  is 
established,  with  reading-rooms  and  a  library ; 
and  there  lectures,  concerts,  &c.,  are  given  as 
at  similar  institutions.  Of  late,  on  every  Friday 
evening,  Sussex-hall  has  been  thrown  open  to 
the  general  public,  without  any  charge  for  ad- 
mission, and  lectures  have  been  delivered  gra- 
tuitously, on  literature,  science,  art,  and 
general  subjects,  which  have  attracted  crowded 
audiences.  The  lecturers  are  chiefly  Jews,  but 
the  lectures  are  neither  theological  nor  sectarian. 
The  lecturers  are  Mr.  M.  H.  Bresslau,  the  Rev. 
B.  II.  Ascher,  Mr.  J.  L.  Levison  (of  Brighton), 
and  Mr.  Clarke,  a  merchant  in  the  City,  a  Chris- 
tian, whose  lectures  are  very  popular  among  the 
Jews.  The  behaviour  of  the  Jew  attendants,  and 
the  others,  the  Jews  being  the  majority,  is  de- 
corous. They  seem  "to  like  to  receive  infomia-* 
tion,"  I  was  told  ;  and  a  gentleman  connected 
with  the  hall  argued  that  this  attention  showed  a 
readiness  for  proper  instruction,  when  given  in  an 
attractive  form,  which  favoured  the  opinion  that 
the  young  Jews,  when  not  thrown  in  childhood  into 
the  vortex  of  money-making,  were  very  easily 
teachable,  while  their  natural  quickness  made 
them  both  ready  and  willing  to  be  taught. 

My  old-clothes  buying  informant  mentioned 
a  Jewish  eating-house.  I  visited  one  in  the 
Jew  quarter,  but  saw  nothing  to  distinguish  it 
from  Christian  resorts  of  the  same  character  and 
cheapness  (the  "  plate  "  of  good  hot  meat  costing 
Ad.,  and  vegetables  'id),  except  that  it  was  fuller 
of  Jews  than  of  Christians,  by  three  to  two,  per- 
haps, and  that  there  was  no  "  pork"  in  the"  waiter's 
specification  of  the  fore. 

Of  the  Charities,  Schools,  and  Education 
OP  THE  Jews. 

The  Jewish  charities  are  highly  honourable  to 
the  body,  for  they  allow  none  of  their  people  to  live 
or  die  in  a  parish  workhouse.  It  is  true  that  among 
the  Jews  in  London  there  are  many  individuals 
of  immense  wealth;  but  there  are  also  many  rich 
Christians  who  care  not  one  jot  for  the  need  of 
their  brethren.  It  must  be  borne  in  mind  also, 
that  not  only  do  tho  Jews  voluntarily  support 
their  own  poor  and  institutions,  but  they  con- 
tribute— compulsorily  it  is  true — their  quota  to 
the  support  of  the  English  poor  and  church  ;  and, 
indeed,  pay  their  duo  proportion  of  all  the  parlia- 
mentary or  local  imposts.  This  is  the  more 
honourable  and  the  more  remarkable  among  the 
Jews,  when  we  recollect  their  indisputable  greed 
of  money. 

If  a  Jew  be  worn  out  in  his  old  age,  and 
unable  to  maintain  himself,  he  is  either  supported 
by  the  contributions  of  his  friends,  or  out  of  some 
local  or  general  fund,  or  provided  for  in  some 
asylum,  and  all  this  seems  to  bo  done  with  a 
less  than  ordinary  fuss  and  display,  so  that  the 


No.  XXXIY. 


128 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


recipient   of   the   charity   feels   himself    more    ai 
pensioner  than  a  pauj)er.  I 

The  Jews'  Hospital,  in  the  Mile-end  Road,  is  an 
extensive  building,  into  which  feeble  old  men  and 
destitute  children  of  both  sexes  are  admitted. 
Here  the  boys  are  taught  trades,  and  the  girls 
qualified  for  respectable  domestic  service.  The 
"Widows'  Home,  in  Duke-street,  Aldgate,  is  for 
poor  Hebrew  widows.  The  Orphan  Asylum, 
built  at  the  cost  of  Mr.  A.  L.  Moses,  and  sup- 
ported by  subscription,  now  contiiins  14  girls 
and  8  boys ;  a  school  is  attached  to  the  asylum, 
which  is  in  the  Tenter  Ground,  Groodman's-fields. 
The  Hand -in -Hand  Asylum,  for  decayed  old 
people,  men  and  women,  is  in  Duke's-place,  Aid- 
gate.  There  are  likewise  alms-houses  for  the 
Jews,  erected  also  by  Mr.  A.  L,  Moses,  at  Mile- 
end,  and  other  alms-houses,  erected  by  Mr.  Joel 
Emanuel,  in  Wellclose-square,  near  the  Tower. 
There  are,  further,  three  institutions  for  granting 
marriage  dowers  to  fatherless  children ;  an  insti- 
tution in  Bevis-marks,  for  the  burial  of  the  poor 
of  the  congregation  ;  "  Beth  Holim  ;  "  a  house 
for  the  reception  of  the  sick  poor,  and  of  poor 
lying-in  women  belonging  to  tlie  congregation  of 
the  Spanish  and  Portuguese  Jews;  "  Magasim 
Zobim,"  for  lending  money  to  aid  apprenticeships 
among  boys,  to  fit  girls  for  good  domestic  ser- 
vice, and  for  helping  poor  children  to  proceed  to 
foreign  parts,  when  it  is  believed  that  the  change 
will  be  advantageous  to  them ;  and  *'  Noten  Le- 
bem  Larcebim;"  to  distribute  bread  to  the  poor 
of  the  congregation  on  the  day  preceding  the  Sab- 
bath. 

I  am  assured  that  these  institutions  are  well- 
managed,  and  that,  if  the  charities  are  abused 
by  being  dispensed  to  undeserving  objects,  it  is 
usually  with  the  knowledge  of  the  managers, 
who  often  let  the  abuse  pass,  as  a  smaller  evil 
than  driving  a  man  to  theft  or  subjecting  him  to 
the  chance  of  starvation.  One  gentleman,  fa- 
miliar with  most  of  these  establishments,  said  to 
me  with  a  laugh,  '•'  I  believe,  if  you  have  had 
any  conversation  with  the  gentlemen  who  manage 
these  matters,  you  will  have  concluded  that  they 
are  not  the  people  to  be  imposed  upon  very 
easily." 

There  are  seven  Jewish  schools  in  London,  four 
in  the  city,  and  three  at  the  West-end,  all  sup- 
ported by  voluntary  contributions.  The  Jews' 
Free  School,  in  Bell- lane,  Spitalfields,  is  the 
largest,  and  is  adapted  for  the  education  of  no 
fewer  than  1200  boys  and  girls.  The  late  Ba- 
roness de  Rothschild  provided  clothing,  yearly,  for 
all  the  pupils  in  the  school.  In  the  Infant  School, 
Houndsditch,  are  about  400  little  scholars.  There 
are  also  the  Orphan  Asylum  School,  previously 
mentioned ;  the  Western  Jewish  schools,  for  girls, 
in  Dean-street,  and,  for  boys,  in  Greek-street, 
Soho,  but  considered  as  one  establishment;  and 
the  West  Metropolitan  School,  for  girls,  in  Little 
Queen-street,  and,  for  boys,  in  High  Holborn, 
also  considered  as  one  establishment. 

Notwithstanding  these  means  of  education,  the 
body  of  the  poorer,  or  what  in  other  callings  might 
be  termed  the  working-classes,  are  not  even  tole- 


rably well  educated ;  they  are  indifferent  to  the 
matter.  With  many,  the  multiplication  table 
seems  to  constitute  what  they  think  the  acme,  of 
all  knowledge  needful  to  a  man.  The  great 
majority  of  the  Jew  boys,  in  the  street,  cannot 
read.  A  smaller  portion  can  read,  but  so  im- 
perfectly that  their  ability  to  read  detracts  nothing 
from  their  ignorance.  So  neglectful  or  so  neces- 
sitous (but  I  heard  the  ignorance  attributed  to 
neglect  far  more  frequently  than  necessity)  are  the 
poorer  Jews,  and  so  soon  do  they  take  their 
children  away  from  school,  "  to  learn  and  do  some- 
thing for  themselves,"  and  so  irregular  is  their 
attendance,  on  the  plea  that  the  time  cannot  be 
spared,  and  the  boy  must  do  something  for  him- 
self, that  many  children  leave  the  free-schools  not 
only  about  as  ignorant  .as  when  they  entered 
them,  but  almost  with  an  incentive  to  continued 
ignorance ;  for  they  knew  nothing  of  reading, 
except  that  to  acquire  its  rudiments  is  a  pain,  a 
labour,  and  a  restraint.  On  some  of  the  Jew 
boys  the  vagrant  spirit  is  strong;  they  will  be 
itinerants,  if  not  wanderers, — though  this  is  a 
spirit  in  no  way  confined  to  the  Jew  boys. 

Although  the  Avealthier  Jews  may  be  induced 
to  give  money  towards  the  support  of  their  poor, 
I  heard  strong  strictures  passed  upon  them  con- 
cerning their  indifference  towards  their  brethren 
in  all  other  respects.  Even  if  they  subscribed  to 
a  school,  they  never  cared  whether  or  not  it  was 
attended,  and  that,  much  as  was  done,  far  more 
was  in  the  power  of  so  wealthy  and  distinct  a 
people.  "  This  is  all  the  more  inexcusable,"  was 
said  to  me  by  a  Jev/,  "  because  there  are  so  many 
rich  Jews  in  London,  and  if  they  exerted  find  ex- 
ercised a  broader  liberality,  as  they  might  in  in- 
stituting Jewish  colleges,  for  instance,  to  promote 
knowledge  among  the  middle-classes,  and  if  they 
cared  more  about  employing  their  own  people, 
their  liberality  would  be  far  more  fully  felt  than 
similar  conduct  in  a  Christian,  because  they  have 
a  smaller  sphere  to  influence.  As  to  employing 
their  own  people,  there  are  numbers  of  the  rich 
Jews  who  will  employ  any  stranger  in  preference, 
if  he  work  a  penny  a  week  cheaper.  This  sort  of 
clan  employment,"  continued  my  Jew  informant, 
"  should  never  be  exclusive,  but  there  might,  I 
think,  be  a  judicious  preference." 

I  shall  now  proceed  to  set  forth  an  account  of 
the  sums  yearly  subscribed  for  purposes  of  educa- 
tion and  charity  by  the  Jews. 

The  Jews'  Free  School  in  Spitalfields  is  sup- 
ported by  voluntary  contributions  to  the  amount  of 
about  1200/.  yearly.  To  this  sum  a  few  Christians 
contribute,  as  to  some  other  Hebrew  institutions 
(which  I  shall  specify),  while  Jews  often  are 
liberal  supporters  of  Christian  public  charities — 
indeed,  some  of  the  wealthier  Jews  are  looked 
upon  by  the  members  of  their  own  faith  as  inclined 
to  act  more  generously  where  Christian  charities, 
with  the  prestige  of  high  aristocratic  and  fashion- 
able patronage,  are  in  question,  than  towards  their 
own  institutions.  To  the  Jews'  Free  School  the 
Court  of  Common  Council  of  the  Corporation  of 
London  lately  granted  100/.,  through  the  exertions 
of  Mr.  Benjamin  S.  Phillips,  of  Newgate-street,  a 


LOSDOy  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


129 


member  of  the  court.  The  Baroness  Lionel  de 
Rithschild  (as  I  have  formerly  stated  of  the  late 
Bnroness)  supplies  clothing  for  the  scholars.  The 
school  ia  adapted  for  the  reception  of  1200  boys 
and  girls  in  equal  proportion ;  about  900  is  the 
aveni:.v  attendance. 

Til.'  Jews'  Infant  School  in  Houndsditch,  with 
an  average  attendance  approaching  400,  is  simi- 
larly supported  at  a  cost  of  from  800/.  to  1000/. 
yearly. 

The  Orphan  Asylum  School,  in  Goodman's- 
fields,  receives  a  somewhat  larger  support,  but  in 
the  expenditure  is  the  cost  of  an  asylum  (before 
mentioned,  and  containing  22  inmates).  The 
funds  are  about  1500/.  yearly.  Christians  sub- 
scribe to  this  institution  also — Mr.  Frederick  Peel, 
M.P.,  taking  great  interest  in  it.  The  attendance 
I  of  pupils  is  from  300  to  400. 
j  It  might  be  tedious  to  enumerate   the   other 

schools,  after  having  described  the  principal ;  I  will 
merely  add,  therefore,  that  the  yearly  contributions 
to  each  are  from  700/.  to  1000/.,  and  the  pupils 
taught  in  each  from  200  to  400.  Of  these  further 
schools  there  are  four  already  specified. 

The  Jews'  Hospital,  at  Mile  End,  is  maintained 
at  a  yearly  cost  of  about  3000/.,  to  which 
Christians  contribute,  but  not  to  a  twentieth  of 
the  amount  collected.  The  persons  benefited  are 
worn-out  old  men,  and  destitute  children,  while 
the  number  of  aUnspeople  is  from  150  to  200 
yearly. 

The  other  two  Asylums,  &c.,  which  I  have 
specified,  are  maintained  at  a  cost  of  about  800/. 
each,  as  a  yearly  average,  and  the  Almshouses, 
three  in  number,  at  about  half  that  sum.  The 
persons  relieved  by  these  last-mentioned  institu- 
tions number  about  250,  two-thirds,  or  there- 
abouts, being  in  the  asylums. 

The  Loan  Societies  are  three :  the  Jewish 
Ladies  Visiting  and  Benevolent  Loan  Society ; 
the  Linusarian  Loan  Society  (why  called  Linusa- 
rian  a  learned  Hebrew  scholar  could  not  inform 
me,  although  he  had  asked  the  question  of  others) ; 
and  the  Magasim  Zobim  (the  Good  Deeds),  a  Por- 
tuguese Jews'  Loan  Society. 

The  business  of  these  three  societies  is  con- 
ducted on  the  same  principle.  Money  is  lent  on 
personal  or  any  security  approved  by  the  managers, 
and  no  interest  is  charged  to  the  borrower.  The 
amount  lent  yearly  is  from  600/.  to  700/.  by  each 
society,  the  whole  being  repaid  and  with  sufficient 
punctuality  ;  a  few  weeks'  "  grace  "  is  occasionally 
allowed  in  the  erent  of  illness  or  any  unforeseen 
event.  The  Loan  Societies  have  not  yet  found  it 
necessary  to  proceed  against  any  of  their  debtors ; 
my  informant  thought  this  forbearance  extended 
over  six  years. 

There  is  not  among  the  Jewish  street  traders, 
as  among  the  costcmiongers  and  others,  a  class 
forming  part,  or  having  once  formed  part  of  them- 
selves, and  living  by  usury  and  loan  mongering, 
where  they  have  amassed  a  few  pounds.  What- 
ever may  be  thought  of  the  Jews'  usurious  dealings 
as  regards  the  general  public,  the  poorer  classes  of 
their  peopie  are  not  subjected  to  the  exactions  of 
usur}-,  with  all  its  clogs  to  a  struggling  man's 


well-doing.  Sometimes  the  amount  required  bv 
an  old-clothes  man,  or  other  street- trader  i's 
obtained  by  or  for  him  at  one  of  these  loan 
societies.  Sometimes  it  is  advanced  by  the  usual 
buyer  of  the  second-hand  garments  collected  bv  the 
street-Jew.  No  security  in  such  cases  is  given  beVond 
— strange  as  it  may  sound — the  personal  honour 
of  an  old-clothes  man  !  An  experienced  man  told 
me,  that  taking  all  the  class  of  Jew  street-sellers, 
who  are  a  very  fluctuating  body,  with  the  excep- 
tion of  the  old-clotiies  men,  the  sum  thus  ad- 
vanced as  stock-money  to  them  might  be  seldom 
less  in  any  one  year  than  300/.,  and  seldom  more 
than  500/.  There  is  a  prevalent  notion  that 
the  poorer  Jews,  when  seeking  charity,  are  sup- 
plied with  goods  for  street-sale  by  their  wealthy 
brethren,  and  never  with  money — this  appears  to 
be  unfounded. 

Now  to  sum  up  the  above  items  we  find  that  the 
yearly  cost  of  the  Jewish  schools  is  about  7000/., 
supplying  the  means  of  instruction  to  3000  chil- 
dren (out  of  a  population  of  18,000  of  all  ages, 
one-half  of  whom,  perhaps,  are  under  20  years). 
The  yearly  outlay  in  the  asylums,  i^c,  is,  it  ap- 
pears, 5800/.  annually,  benefiting  or  maintaining 
about  420  individuals  (at  a  cost  of  nearly  14/. 
per  head).  If  we  add  no  more  than  200/.  yearly 
for  the  minor  charities  or  institutions  I  have  pre- 
viously alluded  to,  we  find  14,000/.  expended 
annually  in  the  public  schools  .and  charities  of  the 
Jews  of  London,  independently  of  about  2000/., 
which  is  the  amount  of  the  loans  to  those  requiring 
temporary  aid. 

We  have  before  seen  that  the  number  of 
Jews  in  London  is  estimated  by  the  best  informed 
at  about  18,000  ;  hence  it  would  appear  that  the 
charitable  donations  of  the  Jews  of  London 
amount  on  an  average  to  a  little  less  than  1/.  per 
head.  Let  us  compare  this  with  the  benevolence 
of  the  Christians.  At  the  same  ratio  the  sum  de- 
voted to  the  charities  of  England  and  Wales 
should  be  very  nearly  16,000.000/.,  but,  accord- 
ing to  the  most  liberal  estimates,  it  does  not 
reach  half  that  amount ;  the  rent  of  the  land  and 
other  fixed  property,  together  with  the  interest 
of  the  money  left  for  charitable  purposes  in  Eng- 
land and  Wales,  is  1,200,000/.  If,  however,  wo 
add  to  the  voluntary  contributions  the  sum  raised 
compulsorily  by  assessment  in  aid  of  the  poor 
(about  7,000.000/.  per  annum),  the  ratio  of  the 
English  Christian's  contributions  to  his  needy 
brethren  throughout  the  country  will  be  very 
nearly  the  same  as  that  of  the  Jew's.  Moreover, 
if  we  turn  our  attention  to  the  benevolent  bequests 
and  donations  of  the  Christians  of  London,  we 
shall  find  that  their  munificence  does  not  fiill  fiir 
short  of  that  of  the  metropolitan  Jews.  The 
gross  amounts  of  the  charitable  contributionc  of 
London  are  given  below,  together  with  the  num- 
bers of  institutions ;  and  it  will  thus  be  seen  that 
the  sum  devoted  to  such  purposes  amounts  to  no 
less  than  1,704,733/.,  or  upwards  of  a  million  and 
three-qtiarters  sterling  for  a  population  of  about 
two  millions ! 


130 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Income       Income 
citrived        dcriveil 
from  volun-      from 
tary  oontri-    property, 
butions. 

12  General  medical  hospitals  .  £31,265  £111,641 

60  Medical  charities  for  spe- 
cial purposes 27,974        68,690 

35  General  dispensaries    .     .     11,470  2,954 

12  Preservation  of  life  and 

public  morals       ....       8,730  2,773 

18  Reclaiming  the  fallen  and 
staying  the  progress  of 
crime 16,299        13,737 

14  Relief  of  general  destitu- 
tion and  distress      .     .     .     20,646  3,234 

12  Relief  of  specified  dis- 
tress      19,473        10,408 

14  Aiding   the  resources  of 

the  industrious   ....       4,677  2,569 

11  For  the  blind,  deaf,  and 

dumb 11,965        22,797 

103  Colleges,   hospitals,  and 

other  asylimis  for  the  aged       5,857        77,190 

16  Charitable  pension  societies     15,790  3,199 

74  Charitable  and  provident, 

chiefly  for  specified  classes     19,905        83,322 

31  Asylums  for  orphans  and 

other  necessitous  children  .     55,466        25,549 

10  Educational  foundations  .     15,000        78,112 
4  Charitable  modern  ditto  .       4,000  9,300 

40  School  societies,  religious 
books,  church  aiding,  and 
Christian  visidngs,  &c.       .159,853      153,336 

35  Bible  and  missionary .     .  494,494        63,058 


491  Total 1,022,864      741,869 

In  connection  with  the  statistical  part  of  this 
subject  I  may  mention  that  the  Chief  Rabbis  each 
receive  1200^.  a  year ;  the  Readers  of  the  Syna- 
gogues, of  whom  there  are  twelve  in  London,  from 
300^.  to  400/.  a  year  each  ;  the  Secretaries  of  the 
Synagogues,  of  whom  there  are  also  twelve,  from 
200/.  to  300/.  each  ;  the  twelve  under  Secretaries 
from  100/.  to  150/.  ;  and  six  Dayanim  100/.  a  year 
each.  These  last-mentioned  officers  are  looked 
upon  by  many  of  the  Jews,  as  the  "  poor  curates" 
may  be  by  the  members  of  the  Church  of  Eng- 
land —  as  being  exceedingly  under-paid.  The 
functions  of  the  Dayanim  have  been  already  men- 
tioned, and,  I  may  add,  that  they  must  have  re- 
ceived expensive  scholarly  educations,  as  for  about 
four  hours  daily  they  have  to  read  the  Talmud 
in  the  places  of  worship. 

The  yearly  payment  of  these  sacerdotal  officials, 
then,  independent  of  otlier  outlay,  amounts  to 
about  11,700/.;  this  is  raised  from  the  profits  of 
the  seats  in  the  synagogues  and  voluntary  con- 
tributions, donations,  subscriptions,  bequests, 
&c.,  among  the  Jews. 

I  have  before  spoken  of  a  Board  of  Deputies, 
in  connection  with  the  Jews,  and  now  proceed  to 
describe  its  constitution.  It  is  not  a  parliament 
among  the  Jews,  I  am  told,  nor  a  governing 
power,  but  what  may  be  called  a  directing  or 
regulating  body.     It  is  authorized  by  the  body  of 


Jews,  and  recognised  by  her  Majesty's  Govern- 
ment, as  an  established  corporation,  with  powers 
to  treat  and  determine  on  matters  of  civil  and 
political  policy  affecting  the  condition  of  the 
Hebrews  in  this  country,  and  interferes  in  no  way 
with  religious  matters.  It  is  neither  a  metro- 
politan nor  a  local  nor  a  detached  board,  but,  as 
far  as  the  Jews  in  England  may  be  so  described, 
a  national  board.  This  board  is  elected  triennially. 
The  electors  are  the  "  seat-holders  "  in  the  Jewish 
synagogues;  that  is  to  say,  they  belong  to  the  class 
of  Jews  Vi^ho  promote  the  support  of  the  syna- 
gogues by  renting  seats,  and  so  paying  towards 
the  cost  of  those  establishments. 

There  are  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland, 
about  1000  of  these  seat-holders  exercising  the 
franchise,  or  rather  entitled  to  exercise  it,  but  many 
of  them  arc  indifferent  to  the  privilege,  as  is  often 
testified  by  the  apathy  shown  on  the  days  of 
election.  Perhaps  three-fourths  of  the  privileged 
number  may  vote.  The  services  of  the  re- 
presentatives are  gratuitous,  and  no  qualifica- 
tion is  required,  but  the  elected  are  usually  the 
leading  metropolitan  Jews.  The  proportion  of 
the  electors  voting  is  in  the  ratio  of  the  deputies 
elected.  London  returns  12  deputies;  Liver- 
pool, 2  ;  Manchester,  2 ;  Birmingham,  2  ;  Edin- 
burgh, Dublin,  (the  only  places  in  either  Scotland 
or  Ireland  returning  deputies),  Dover,  Portsmouth, 
Southampton,  Plymouth,  Canterbury,  Norwich, 
Swansea,  Newcastle-on-Tyne,  and  two  other  places 
(according  to  the  number  of  seat-holders),  each 
one  deputy,  thus  making  up  the  number  to  3t\ 
On  election  days  the  attendance,  as  I  have  said, 
is  often  small,  but  fluctuating  according  to  an}' 
cause  of  excitement,  which,  however,  is  but  sel- 
dom. 

The  question  which  has  of  late  been  discussed 
by  this  Board,  and  which  is  now  under  consider- 
ation, and  negotiation  with  the  Education  Com- 
missioners of  her  Majesty's  Privy  Council,  is  the 
obtaining  a  grant  of  money  in  the  same  proportion 
as  it  has  been  granted  to  other  educational 
establishments.  Nothing  has  as  yet  been  given 
to  the  Jewish  schools,  and  the  matter  is  still  un- 
determined. 

With  religious  or  sacerdotal  questions  the  Board 
of  Deputies  does  not,  oris  not  required  to  meddle;  it 
leaves  all  such  matters  to  the  bodies  or  tribunals  I 
have  mentioned.  Indeed  the  deputies  concern  them- 
selves only  with  what  may  be  called  the  public 
interests  of  the  Jews,  both  as  a  part  of  the  com- 
munity and  as  a  distinct  people.  The  Jewish 
institutions,  however,  are  not  an  exception  to  the 
absence  of  unanimity  among  the  professors  of  the 
same  creeds,  for  the  members  of  the  Reform  Syna- 
gogue in  Margaret-street,  Cavendish-square,  are 
not  recognised  as  entitled  to  vote,  and  do  not 
vote,  accordingly,  in  the  election  of  the  Jewisli 
deputies.  Indeed,  the  Reform  members,  whose 
synagogue  was  established  eight  years  ago,  were 
formally  excommunicated  by  a  declaration  of  tlic 
late  Chief  Rabbi,  but  this  seems  now  to  be  re- 
garded as  a  mere  matter  of  form,  for  the  mem- 
bers have  lately  partaken  of  all  the  rites  to 
which  orthodox  Jews  are  entitled. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


131 


j        Oj  thb  Fciteral  Cebemosies,  Fasts,  and 

-CVSTOMS   OF   THE   JeVTS. 

I  The  funeral  ceremonies  of  the  Jews  are  among 
the  things  which  tend  to  preserve  the  distinctness 
and  peculiarity  of  this  people.  Sometimes,  though 
now  rarely,  the  nearest  relatives  of  the  deceased 
wear  sackcloth  (a  coarse  crape),  and  throw  ashes 
and  dust  on  their  hair,  for  the  term  during  which 
the  corpse  remains  unburied,  this  term  being  the 
same  as  among  Christians.  When  the  corpse  is 
carried  to  the  Jews'  burial-ground  for  interment 
the  coffin  is  frequently  opened,  and  the  corpse 
addressed,  in  a  Hebrew  formula,  by  any  relative, 
friend,  or  acquaintance  who  may  be  present. 
The  words  are  to  the  following  purport :  "  If  1 
have  done  anything  that  might  be  offensive — 
pardon,  pardon,  pardon."  After  that  the  coffin  is 
carried  round  the  burial-ground  in  a  circuit,  chil- 
dren chanting  the  90th  Psalm  in  its  original 
Hebrew,  "  a  prayer  of  Moses,  the  man  of  God." 
The  passages  which  the  air  causes  to  be  most 
emphatic  are  these  verses  : — 

"  3.  Thou  turnest  man  to  destruction ;  and 
sayest.  Return,  ye  children  of  men. 

"  4.  For  a  thousand  years  in  thy  sight  are  but 
as  yesterday  when  it  is  past,  and  as  a  watch  in 
the  night. 

"  5.  Thou  earnest  them  away  as  with  a  flood  ; 
they  are  as  a  sleep :  in  the  morning  they  are  like 
grass  which  groweth  up. 

"  6.  In  the  morning  it  flourisheth,  and  grow- 
eth up;  in  the  evening  it  is  cut  down,  and 
withereth. 

**  10.  The  days  of  onr  years  are  threescore 
years  and  ten ;  and  if  by  reason  of  strength  they 
be  fourscore  years,  yet  m  their  strength  labour 
and  sorrow ;  for  it  is  soon  cut  off,  and  we  fly 
away." 

The  coffin  is  then  carried  into  a  tent,  and  the 
funeral  prayers,  in  Hebrew,  are  read.  When  it 
has  been  lowered  into  the  grave,  the  relatives, 
and  indeed  all  the  attendants  at  the  interment, 
fill  up  the  grave,  shovelling  in  the  earth.  In  the 
Jews'  burial-ground  are  no  distinctions,  no  vaults 
or  provisions  for  aristocratic  sepulture.  The  very 
rich  and  the  very  poor,  the  outcast  woman  and  the 
virtuous  and  prosperous  gentlewoman,  "  grossly 
fiuniliar,  side  by  side  consume."  A  Jewish  funeral 
is  a  matter  of  fiigh  solemnity. 

The  burial  fees  are  12*.  for  children,  and  from 
21.  to  3/.  for  adults.  These  fees  are  not  the  pro- 
perty of  the  parties  officating,  but  form  a  portion 
of  the  synagogue  funds  for  general  purposes,  pay- 
ment of  officers,  &c.  No  fees  are  charged  to  the 
relatives  of  poor  Jews. 

Two  fasu  are  rigidly  observed  by  the  Jews, 
and  even  by  those  Jews  who  are  usually  indiffer- 
ent to  the  observances  of  their  religion.  These 
are  the  Black  Fast,  in  commemoration  of  the 
destruction  of  Jerusalem,  and  the  White  Fast,  in 
commemoration  of  the  atonement  On  each  of 
those  occasions  the  Jews  abstain  altogether  from 
food  for  24  hours,  or  from  sunset  to  sunset. 


Op  the  Jew  Street- Sellers  of  Accordions, 

AND   OF   THEIR   StREET    McSICAL   PURSUITS. 

I  CONCLUDE  my  account  of  the  Street-Jews  with 
an  account  of  the  accordion  sellers. 

Although  the  Jews,  as  a  people,  are  musical, 
they  are  little  concerned  at  present  either  in  the 
sale  of  musical  instruments  in  the  streets,  or  in 
street-music  or  singing.  Until  within  a  few  years, 
however,  the  street-sale  of  accordions  was  carried 
on  by  itinerant  Jews,  and  had  previously  been 
carried  on  most  extensively  in  the  country,  even 
in  the  far  north  of  England.  Some  years  back 
well-dressed  Jews  "travelled"  with  stocks  of 
accordions.  In  many  country  towns  and  in  gen- 
tlemen's country  mansions,  in  taverns,  and  schools 
also,  these  accordions  were  then  a  novelty.  The 
Jew  could  play  on  the  instrument,  and  carried  a 
book  of  instructions,  which  usually  formed  part  of 
the  bargain,  and  by  the  aid  of  which,  he  made  out, 
any  one,  even  without  previous  knowledge  of  the 
practical  art  of  music,  could  easily  teach  himself 
— nothing  but  a  little  practice  in  fingering  being 
wanted  to  make  a  good  accordion-player.  At  first 
the  accordions  sold  by  the  Jew  hawkers  were 
good,  two  guineas  being  no  unusual  price  to  be 
paid  for  one,  even  to  a  street-seller,  while  ten  and 
twenty  shillings  were  the  lower  charges.  But  the 
accordions  were  in  a  few  years  "  made  slop," 
cheap  instruments  being  sent  to  this  country  from 
Germany,  and  sold  at  less  than  half  their  former 
price,  until  the  charge  fell  as  low  as  3s.  Qd.  or  even 
2s.  M. — but  only  for  "  rubbish,"  I  was  told. 
When  the  fragility  and  inferior  musical  qualities 
of  these  instruments  came  to  be  known,  it  was 
found  almost  impossible  to  sell  in  the  streets  even 
superior  instruments,  however  reasonable  in  price, 
and  thus  the  trade  sunk  to  a  nonentity.  So  little 
demand  is  there  now  for  these  instruments  that  no 
pawnbroker,  I  am  assured,  will  advance  money  on 
one,  however  well  made. 

The  itinerant  accordion. trade  was  always  much 
greater  in  the  country  than  in  London,  for  in 
town,  I  was  told,  few  would  be  troubled  to  try,  or 
even  listen,  to  the  tones  of  an  accordion  played  by 
a  street-seller,  at  their  own  doors,  or  in  their 
houses.  While  there  were  100  or  120  Jews 
hawking  accordions  in  the  counta-y,  there  would 
not  be  20  in  London,  including  even  the  suburbs, 
where  the  sale  was  the  best. 

Calculating  that,  when  the  trade  was  at  its  best, 
130  Jews  hawked  accordions  in  town  and 
country,  and  that  each  sold  three  a  week,  at  an 
averjige  price  of  20s.  each,  or  six  in  a  week  at  an 
average  price  of  10s.  each,  the  profit  being  from 
60  to  100  per  cent.,  we  find  upwards  of  20,000/. 
expended  in  the  course  of  the  year  in  accordions 
of  which,  however,  little  more  than  a  sixth  part,  or 
about  3000/.,  was  expended  in  London.  This  was 
only  when  the  trade  had  all  the  recommendations 
of  novelty,  and  in  the  following  year  perhaps  not 
half  the  amount  was  realized.  One  informant 
thought  that  the  year  1828-9  was  the  best  for  the 
sale  of  these  instruments,  but  he  spoke  only  from 
memory.  At  the  present  time  I  could  not  find  or 
hear  of  one  street-Jew  selling  accordions ;  I  re- 


182 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


member,  however,  having  seen  one  within  the 
present  year.  Most  of  the  Jews  who  travelled 
with  them  have  emigrated. 

It  is  very  rarely  indeed  that,  fond  as  the  Jews 
are  of  music,  any  of  them  are  to  be  found  in  the 
bands  of  street-mnsicians,  or  of  such  street-per- 
formers as  the  Ethiopian  serenaders.  If  there  be 
any,  I  was  told,  they  were  probably  not  pure 
Jews,  but  of  Christian  parentage  on  one  side  or 
the  other,  and  not  associating  with  their  own 
people.  At  the  cheap  concert-rooms,  however, 
Jews  are  frequently  singers,  but  rarely  the 
Jewesses,  while  some  of  the  twopenny  concerts 
at  the  East-end  are  got  up  and  mainly  patron- 
ized by  the  poorer  class  of  Jews.  Jews  are  also 
to  be  found  occasionally  among  the  supernume- 
raries of  the  theatres  ;  but,  when  not  professionally 
engaged,  these  still  live  among  their  own  people, 
I  asked  one  young  Jew  who  occasionally  sang  at 
a  cheap  concert-room,  what  description  of  songs 
they  usually  sung,  and  he  answered  "  all  kinds." 
He,  it  seems,  sang  comic  songs,  but  his  friend 
Barney,  who  had  just  left  him,  sang  sentimental 
songs.  He  earned  Is.  and  sometimes  2s.,  but 
more  frequently  Is.,  three  or  four  nights  in  the 
week,  as  he  had  no  regular  engagement.  In  the 
daytime  he  worked  at  cigar-making,  but  did  not 
like  it,  it  was  "  so  confining."  He  had  likewise 
sung,  but  gratuitously,  at  concerts  got  up  for  the 
benefit  of  any  person  "  bad  off."  He  knew  nothing 
of  the  science  and  art  of  music.  Of  the  superior 
class  of  Jew  vocalists  and  composers,  it  is  not  of 
course  necessary  here  to  speak,  as  thej'  do  not 
come  within  the  scope  of  my  present  subject.  Of 
Hebrew  youths  thus  employed  in  cheap  and  de- 
sultory concert-singing,  there  are  in  the  winter 
season,  I  am  told,  from  100  to  150,  few,  if  any, 
depending  entirely  upon  their  professional  exer- 
tions, but  being  in  circumstances  similar  to  those 
of  my  young  informant. 

Of   the   STREET-BtJYEES  OF   HoGS'-WaSH. 

The  trade  in  hogs'-wash,  or  in  the  refuse  of  the 
table,  is  by  no  means  insignificant.  The  street- 
buyers  are  of  the  costermonger  class,  and  some  of 
them  have  been  costermongers,  and  "  when  not 
kept  going  regular  on  wash,"  I  was  told,  are 
"costers  still,"  but  with  the  advantage  of  having 
donkeys,  ponies,  or  horses  and  carts,  and  fre- 
quently shops,  as  the  majority  of  the  wash-buyers 
have ;  for  they  are  often  greengrocers  as  well  as 
costermongers. 

The  hogs'  food  obtained  by  these  street-folk, 
or,  as  I  most  frequently  heard  it  called,  the 
"  wash,"  is  procured  from  the  eating-houses,  the 
coflFee-houses  which  are  also  eating-houses  (with 
"hot  joints  from  12  to  4"),  the  hotels,  the  club- 
houses, the  larger  mansions,  and  the  public  insti- 
tutions. It  is  composed  of  the  scum  and  lees  of 
all  broths  and  soups ;  of  the  washings  of  cooking 
utensils,  and  of  the  dishes  and  plates  used  at 
dinners  and  suppers  ;  of  small  pieces  of  meat  left 
on  the  plates  of  the  diners  in  taverns,  clubs,  or 
cook-shops  ;  of  pieces  of  potato,  or  any  remains  of 
vegetables ;  of  any  viands,  such  as  puddings,  left 
in  the  plates  in  the  same  manner;  of  gristle;  of 


pieces  of  stale  bread,  or  bread  left  at  table  ;  occa- 
sionally of  meat  kept,  whether  cooked  or  un- 
cooked, until  "  blown,"  and  unfit  for  consump- 
tion (one  man  told  me  that  he  had  found  whole 
legs  of  mutton  in  the  wash  he  bought  from  a 
great  eating-house,  but  very  rarely)  :  of  potato- 
peelings  ;  of  old  and  bad  potatoes  ;  of  "stock,"  or 
the  remains  of  meat  stewed  for  soup,  which  was 
not  good  enough  for  sale  to  be  re-used  by  the 
poor;  of  parings  of  every  kind  of  cheese  or 
meat ;  and  of  the  many  things  which  are  con- 
sidered "  only  fit  for  pigs." 

It  is  not  always,  however,  that  the  unconsumed 
food  of  great  houses  or  of  public  bodies  (where  the 
dinners  are  a  part  of  the  institution)  goes  to  the 
wash-tub.  At  Buckingham-palace,  I  am  told,  it 
is  given  to  poor  people  who  have  tickets  for  the 
receipt  of  it.  At  Lincoln's-inn  the  refuse  or 
leavings  of  the  bar  dinners  are  sold  to  men  who 
retail  them,  usually  small  chandlers,  and  the  poor 
people,  who  have  the  means,  buy  this  broken 
meat  very  readily  at  id.,  6d.,  and  8d.  the  pound, 
which  is  cheap  for  good  cooked  meat.  Pie-crust, 
obtained  by  its  purveyors  in  the  same  way,  is 
sold,  perhaps  with  a  small  portion  of  the  contents 
of  the  pie,  in  penny  and  twopenny-worths.  A 
man  familiar  with  this  trade  told  me  that  among 
the  best  customers  for  this  kind  of  second-hand 
food  were  women  of  the  town  of  the  poorer  class, 
who  were  always  ready,  whenever  they  had  a 
few  pence  at  command,  to  buy  what  was  tastj', 
cheap,  and  ready-cooked,  because  "  they  hadn't 
no  trouble  with  it,  but  only  just  to  eat  it." 

One  of  the  principal  sources  of  the  "  wash " 
supply  is  the  cook-shops,  or  eating-houses,  where 
the  "  leavings  "  on  the  plates  are  either  the  per- 
quisites of  the  waiters  or  waitresses,  or  looked 
sharply  after  by  master  or  mistress.  There  are 
also  in  these  places  the  remains  of  soups,  and  the 
potato-peelings,  &c.,  of  which  I  have  spoken, 
together  with  the  keen  appropriation  to  a  profit- 
able use  of  every  crumb  and  scrap — when  it  is  a 
portion  of  the  gains  of  a  servant,  or  when  it  adds 
to  the  receipts  of  the  proprietor.  In  calculating 
the  purchase-value  of  the  good-will  of  an  eating- 
house,  the  "  wash  "  is  as  carefully  considered  as  is 
the  number  of  daily  guests. 

One  of  the  principal  street-buyers  from  the 
eating-houses,  and  in  several  parts  of  town,  is  | 
Jemmy  Divine,  of  Lambeth.  He  is  a  pig-dealer, 
but  also  sells  his  wash  to  others  who  keep  pigs. 
He  sends  round  a  cart  and  horse  under  the  care 
of  a  boy,  or  of  a  man,  whom  he  may  have  em- 
ployed, or  drives  it  himself,  and  he  often  has  more 
carts  than  one.  In  his  cart  are  two  or  three  tubs, 
well  secured,  so  that  they  may  not  be  jostled  out, 
into  which  the  wash  is  deposited.  He  contracts 
by  the  week,  month,  or  quarter,  with  hotel-keepers 
and  others,  for  their  wash,  paying  from  10/.  to  as 
high  as  501.  a  year,  about  20/.  being  an  average 
for  well-frequented  taverns  and  "  dining-rooms." 
The  wash-tubs  on  the  premises  of  these  buyers 
are  often  oflfensive,  sometimes  sending  forth  very 
sour  smells. 

In  Sharp's-alley,  Smithfield,  is  another  man 
buying  quantities  of  wash,  and  buying  fat  and 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


133 


grease  extensively.  There  is  one  also  in  Prince's- 
street,  Lambeth,  who  makes  it  his  sole  business 
to  collect  hogs'-wash  ;  he  was  formerly  a  coal- 
heaver  and  wretchedly  poor,  but  is  now  able  to 
make  a  decent  livelihood  in  this  trade,  keeping  a 
pony  and  cart  He  generally  keeps  about  30 
pigs,  but  also  sells  hogs'  food  retail  to  any  pig- 
keeper,  the  price  being  id.  to  6ci.  a  pail-full,  ac- 
cording to  the  quality,  as  the  collectors  are  always 
anxious  to  have  the  wash  "  rich,"  and  will  not 
buy  it  if  cabbage-leaves  or  the  parings  of  green 
T^etables  form  a  part  of  it.  This  man  and  the 
others  often  employ  lads  to  go  round  for  wash, 
paying  them  2».  a  week,  and  finding  them  in  board. 
They  are  the  same  class  of  boys  as  those  I  have 
described  as  coster-boys,  and  are  often  strong 
young  fellows.  These  lads — or  men  hired  for  the 
purpose — are  sometimes  sent  round  to  the  smaller 
cook-shops  and  to  private  houses,  where  the  wash  is 
given  to  them  for  the  trouble  of  carrying  it  away, 
in  preference  to  its  being  thrown  down  the  drain. 
Sometimes  only  \d.  a  pail  is  paid  by  the  street- 
buyer,  provided  the  stuff  be  taken  away  punctually 
and  regularly.  These  youths  or  men  carry  pails 
after  the  fashion  of  a  milkman. 

The  supply  from  the  workhouses  is  very  large. 
It  is  often  that  the  paupers  do  not  eat  all  the 
rice-pudding  allowed,  or  all  the  bread,  while  soup 
is  frequently  left,  and  potatoes ;  and  these  leavings 
are  worthless,  except  for  pig-meat,  as  they  would 
soon  turn  sour.  It  is  the  same,  though  not  to  the 
lame  extent,  in  the  prisons. 

What  I  have  said  of  some  of  the  larger  eating- 
hoosea  relates  also  to  the  club-houses. 

There  are  a  number  of  wash-buyers  in  the 
suburbs,  who  purchase,  or  obtain  their  stock  gra- 
tuitously, at  gentlemen's  houses,  and  retail  it 
either  to  those  who  feed  pigs  as  a  business,  or 
else  to  the  many,  I  was  told,  who  live  a  little 
way  out  of  town,  and  "  like  to  grow  their  own 
bacon."  Many  of  these  men  perform  the  work 
themselves,  without  a  horse  and  cart,  and  are  on 
their  feet  every  day  and  all  day  long,  except  on 
Sundays,  carrying  hogs'-wash  from  the  seller,  or  to 
the  buyer.  One  man,  who  had  been  in  this  trade 
at  Woolwich,  told  me  that  he  kept  pigs  at  one 
time,  but  ceased  to  do  so,  as  his  customers  often 
murmured  at  the  thin  quality  of  the  wash,  declar- 
mg  that  he  gave  all  the  best  to  his  own  animals. 

If  it  be  estimated  that  there  are  200  men  daily 
buying  hogs'-wash  in  London  and  the  suburbs, 
within  15  miles,  and  that  each  collect3  only  20 
pails  per  day,  paying  2d.  per  pail  (thus  allowing 
for  wliat  is  collected  without  purchase),  we  find 
10,400^.  expended  annually  in  buying  hogs'-wash. 

Of  the  Strbbt-Buiebs  o»  Tea-Leaves. 
An  extensive  trade,  but  less  extensive,  I  am  in- 
formed, than  it  was  a  few  years  ago,  is  carried  on 
in  t«a-ieaves,  or  in  the  leaves  of  the  herb  after 
their  baring  been  subjected,  in  the  usual  way,  to 
decoction.  These  leares  are,  so  to  speak,  re- 
manufactured,  ia  spite  of  great  risk  and  frequent 
exposure,  and  in  defiance  of  the  law.  The  17th 
Geo.  III.,  e.  29,  if  positiTO  and  stringent  on  the 
subject  :— 


"  Every  person,  whether  a  dealer  in  or  seller 
of  tea,  or  not,  who  shall  dye  or  fabricate  any  sloe- 
leaves,  liquorice-leaves  or  the  leaves  of  tea  that 
have  been  used,  or  the  leaves  of  the  ash,  elder  or 
other  tree,  shrub  or  plant,  in  imitation  of  tea,  or 
who  shall  mix  or  colour  such  leaves  with  terra 
Japonica,  copperas,  sugar,  molasses,  clay,  logwood 
or  other  ingredient,  or  who  shall  sell  or  expose  to 
sale,  or  have  in  custody,  any  such  adulterations 
in  imit;ition  of  tea,  shall  for  every  pound  forfeit, 
on  conviction,  by  the  oath  of  one  witness,  before 
one  justice,  5^. ;  or,  on  non-payment,  be  committed 
to  the  House  of  Correction  for  not  more  than 
twelve  or  less  than  six  months." 

The  same  act  also  authorizes  a  magistrate,  on  the 
oath  of  an  excise  officer,  or  any  one,  by  whom  he 
suspects  this  illicit  trade  to  be  carried  on,  to  seize 
the  herbs,  or  spurious  teas,  and  the  whole  appa- 
ratus that  may  be  found  on  the  premises,  the 
herbs  to  be  burnt  and  the  other  articles  sold,  the 
proceeds  of  such  a  sale,  after  the  payment  of  ex- 
penses, going  half  to  the  informer  and  half  to  the 
poor  of  the  parish. 

It  appears  evident,  from  the  words  of  this  act 
which  I  have  italicised,  that  the  use  of  tea-leaves 
for  the  robbery  of  the  public  and  the  defrauding 
of  the  revenue  has  been  long  in  practice.  The 
extract  also  shows  what  other  cheats  were  formerly 
resorted  to — the  substitutes  most  popular  with  the 
tea-manufacturers  at  one  time  being  sloe-leaves.  If, 
however,  one-tenth  of  the  statemeats  touching  the 
applications  of  the  leaves  of  the  sloe-tree,  and  of  the 
juice  of  its  sour,  astringent  fruit,  during  the  war- 
time, had  any  foundation  in  truth,  the  sloe  must 
have  been  regarded  commercially  as  one  of  the 
most  valuable  of  our  native  productions,  supplying 
our  ladies  with  their  tea,  and  our  gentlemen  with 
their  port-wine. 

Women  and  men,  three-fourths  of  the  number 
being  women,  go  about  buying  tea-leaves  of  the 
female  servants  in  the  larger,  and  of  the  shop- 
keepers' wives  in  the  smaller,  houses.  But  the 
great  purveyors  of  these  things  are  the  char- 
women. In  the  houses  where  they  char  the  tea- 
leaves  are  often  reserved  for  them  to  be  thrown  on 
the  carpets  when  swept,  as  a  means  of  allaying  the 
dust,  or  else  they  form  a  part  of  their  perquisites, 
and  are  often  asked  for  if  not  offered.  The  mis- 
tress of  a  coffee-shop  told  me  that  her  charwoman, 
employed  in  cleaning  every  other  morning,  had 
the  tea-leaves  as  a  part  of  her  remuneration,  or  as 
a  matter  of  course.  What  the  charwoman  did 
with  them  her  employer  never  inquired,  although 
she  was  always  anxious  to  obtain  tliem,  and  she 
referred  me  to  the  poor  woman  in  question,  I 
found  her  in  a  very  clean  apartment  on  the  second 
floor  of  a  decent  house  in  Soraers-town ;  a  strong 
hale  woman,  with  what  may  be  called  an  indus- 
trious look.  She  was  middle-aged,  and  a  widow, 
with  one  daughter,  then  a  nursemaid  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood, and  had  regular  employment. 

"  Yes,"  she  said,  •'  I  get  the  tea-leaves  when- 
ever I  can,  and  the  most  at  two  coffee-shops  that 
I  work  at,  but  neither  of  them  have  so  many  as 
they  used  to  have.  I  think  it 's  because  cocoa  'a 
come  so  much  to  be  asked  for  in  them,  and  ao 


134 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


they  sell  less  tea.  I  buy  tea-leaves  only  at  one 
place.  It 's  a  very  large  family,  and  I  give  the 
servant  ^d.  and  sometimes  Zd.  or  2.d.  a  fortnight 
for  them,  but  I  'm  nothing  in  pocket,  for  the 
young  girl  is  a  bit  of  a  relation  of  mine,  and  it 's 
like  a  trifle  of  pocket-money  for  her.  She  gives  a 
penny  every  time  she  goes  to  her  chapel,  and  so 
do  I ;  there  's  a  box  for  it  fixed  near  the  door.  0 
yes,  her  mistress  knows  I  buy  them,  for  her 
mistress  knew  me  before  she  was  married,  and 
that's  about  15  or  16  years  since.  When  I've 
got  this  basin  (producing  it)  full  I  sell  it,  generally 
for  id.  I  don't  know  what  the  leaves  in  it  will 
weigh,  and  I  have  never  sold  them  by  weight,  but 
I  believe  some  have.  Perhaps  they  might  weigh, 
as  damp  as  some  of  them  arc,  about  a  pound.  I 
sell  them  to  a  chandler  now.  I  have  sold  them  to  a 
rag-and-bottle-shop.  I  've  had  men  and  Avomen  call 
upon  me  and  offer  to  buy  them,  but  not  lately,  and 
I  never  liked  the  looks  of  them,  and  never  sold 
them  any.  I  don't  know  what  they  're  wanted 
for,  but  I  've  heard  that  they  're  mixed  with  new 
tea.  I  have  nothing  to  do  with  that.  I  get  them 
honestly  and  sell  them  honestly,  and  that 's  all  I 
can  say  about  it.  Every  little  helps,  and  if  rich 
people  won't  pay  poor  people  properly,  then  poor 
people  can't  be  expected  to  be  very  nice.  But  I 
don't  complain,  and  that's  all  I  know  about  it." 

The  chandler  in  question  knew  nothing  of  the 
trade  in  tea-leaves,  he  said ;  he  bought  none,  and 
he  did  not  know  that  any  of  the  shopkeepers  did, 
and  he  could  not  form  a  notion  what  they  could 
be  wanted  for,  if  it  wasn't  to  sweep  carpets  ! 

This  mode  of  buying  or  collecting  is,  I  am 
told  the  commonest  mode  of  any,  and  it  certainly 
presents  some  peculiarities.  The  leaves  Avhich 
are  to  form  the  spurious  tea  are  collected,  in 
great  measure,  by  a  class  who  are  perhaps  more 
likely  than  any  other  to  have  themselves  to 
buy  and  drink  the  stuff  which  they  have  helped 
to  produce  !  By  charwomen  and  washer-women 
a  "  nice  cup  of  tea"  in  the  afternoon  duidng 
their  work  is  generally  classed  among  the 
comforts  of  existence,  yet  they  are  the  very  per- 
sons who  sell  the  tea-leaves  which  are  to  make 
their  ''much  prized  beverage."  It  is  curious 
to  reflect  also,  that  as  tea-leaves  are  used  indis- 
criminately for  being  re-made  into  what  is  con- 
sidered new  tea,  what  must  be  the  strength  of  our 
tea  in  a  few  years.  Now  all  housewives  complain 
that  twice  the  quantity  of  tea  is  required  to  make 
the  infusion  of  the  same  strength  as  formerly,  and 
if  the  collection  of  old  tea-leaves  continues,  and  the 
refuse  leaves  are  to  be  dried  and  re-dried  perpe- 
tualh',  surely  we  must  get  to  use  pounds  where 
we  now  do  ounces. 

A  man  formerly  in  the  tea-leaf  business,  and 
very  anxious  not  to  be  known — but  upon  whose 
information,  I  am  assured  from  a  respectable 
source,  full  reliance  may  be  placed — ^gave  me  the 
following  account : — 

"  My  father  kept  a  little  shop  in  the  general 
line,  and  I  helped  him;  so  I  was  partly  brought 
up  to  the  small  way.  But  I  was  adrift  by  my- 
self when  I  was  quite  young — 18  or  so  perhaps. 
I  can  read  and  write  well  enough,  but  I  was 


rather  of  too  gay  a  turn  to  be  steady.  Besides, 
father  was  very  poor  at  times,  and  could  seldom 
pay  me  anything,  if  I  worked  ever  so.  He  was 
very  fond  of  his  belly  too,  and  I  've  known  him, 
Avhen  he's  had  a  bit  of  luck,  or  a  run  of  business, 
go  and  stuff  hisself  with  fat  roast  pork  at  a 
cook-shop  till  he  could  hardly  waddle,  and  then 
come  home  and  lock  hisself  upstairs  in  his  bed- 
room and  sleep  three  parts  of  the  afternoon.  (My 
mother  was  dead.)  But  father  was  a  kind-hearted 
man  for  all  that,  and  for  all  his  roast  pork,  was  as 
thin  as  a  whipping-post.  I  kept  myself  when  I 
left  him,  just  off  and  on  like,  by  collecting 
grease,  and  all  that ;  it  can't  be  done  so  easy  now, 
I  fancy  ;  so  I  got  into  the  tea-leaf  business,  but 
father  had  nothing  to  do  with  it.  An  elderly 
sort  of  a  woman  who  I  met  with  in  my  collecting, 
and  who  seemed  to  take  a  sort  of  fancy  to  me,  put 
me  up  to  the  leaves.  She  was  an  out-and-out 
hand  at  anything  that  way  herself.  Then  I  bought 
tea-leaves  with  other  things,  for  I  suppose  for  four 
or  five  years.  How  long  ago  is  iti  0,  never 
mind,  sir,  a  few  years,  I  bought  them  at  many 
sorts  of  houses,  and  carried  a  box  of  needles,  and 
odds  and  ends,  as  a  sort  of  introduction.  There 
wasn't  much  of  that  wanted  though,  for  I  called, 
when  I  could,  soon  in  the  mornings  before  the 
family  was  up,  and  some  ladies  don't  get  up  till 
10  or  11  you  know.  The  masters  wasn't  much  ; 
it  was  the  mistresses  I  cared  about,  because  they 
are  often  such  Tartars  to  the  maids  and  always 
a-poking  in  the  way. 

"  I  've  tried  to  do  business  in  the  great  lords' 
houses  in  the  squares  and  about  the  parks,  but 
there  was  mostly  somebody  about  there  to  hinder 
you.  Besides,  the  servants  in  such  places  are 
often  on  board  Avages,  and  often,  when  they  're 
not  on  board  wages,  find  their  own  tea  and  sugar, 
and  little  of  the  tea-leaves  is  saved  when  every 
one  has  a  separate  pot  of  tea ;  so  there 's  no  good 
to  be  done  there.  Large  houses  in  trade  where 
a  number  of  young-  men  is  boarded,  drapers  or 
grocers,  is  among  the  best  places,  as  there  is  often  a 
housekeeper  there  to  deal  with,  and  no  mistress 
to  bother.  I  always  bought  by  the  lot.  If  you 
offered  to  weigh  you  would  not  be  able  to  clear 
anything,  as  they  'd  be  sure  to  give  the  leaves  a 
extra  wetting.  I  put  handfuUs  of  the  leaves  to 
my  nose,  and  could  tell  from  the  smell  whether 
they  were  hard  drawn  or  not.  When  they  isn't 
hard  drawn  they  answer  best,  and  them  I  put 
to  one  side.  I  had  a  bag  like  a  lawyer's  blue 
bag,  with  three  divisions 'in  it,  to  put  my  leaves 
into,  and  so  keep  them  'sunder.  Yes,  I  've  bought 
of  charwomen,  but  somehow  I  think  they  did'nt 
much  admire  selling  to  me.  I  hardly  know  how 
I  made  them  out,  but  one  told  me  of  another. 
They  like  the  shops  better  for  their  leaves,  I 
think ;  because  they  can  get  a  bit  of  cheese,  or 
snuff,  or  candles  for  them  there ;  though  I  don't 
know  much  about  the  shop-work  in  this  line. 
I  've  often  been  tried  to  be  took  in  by  the  ser- 
vants. I  've  found  leaves  in  the  lot  offered  to 
me  to  buy  what  was  all  dusty,  and  had  been  used 
for  sweeping;  and  if  I'd  sold  them  with  my 
stock  they  'd  have  been  stopped  out  of  the  next 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


135 


money.  I  've  had  tea-leaves  given  me  by  servants 
oft  enough,  for  I  used  to  sweetheart  them  a  bit, 
just  to  get  over  them  ;  and  they've  laughed,  and 
asked  me  whatever  I  could  want  with  them.  As 
for  price,  why,  I  judged  what  a  lot  was  worth, 
and  gave  accordingly — from  Irf.  to  \s.  I  never 
gave  more  than  \s.  for  any  one  lot  at  a  time,  and 
that  had  been  put  to  one  side  for  me  in  a  large 
concern,  for  about  a  fortnight  I  suppose.  I  can't 
say  how  many  people  had  been  tea'd  on  them. 
If  it  was  a  housekeeper,  or  anybody  that  way, 
that  I  bought  of,  there  was  never  anything  said 
about  what  they  was  wanted  for.  "What  did  I 
want  them  fori  Why,  to  sell  again ;  and  though 
hini  OS  1  sold  them  to  never  said  so,  I  knew  they 
was  to  dry  over  again.  I  know  nothing  about 
who  he  waa,  or  where  he  lived.  The  woman  I 
told  you  of  sent  him  to  me.  I  suppose  I  cleared 
about  10s.  a  week  on  them,  and  did  a  little  in 
other  things  beside;  perhaps  I  cleared  rather 
more  than  \0s.  on  leaves  some  weeks,  and  5s.  at 
others.  The  party  as  called  upon  me  once  a  week 
to  buy  my  leaves  was  a  very  polite  man,  and  seemed 
quite  the  gentleman.  There  was  no  weighing. 
He  examined  the  lot,  and  said  '  so  much.'  He 
wouldn't  stand  'bating,  or  be  kept  haggling ;  and 
his  money  was  down,  and  no  nonsense.  What 
cost  me  5«.  I  very  likely  got  three  half-crowns 
for.  It  was  no  great  trade,  if  you  consider  the 
trouble.  I  've  sometimes  carried  the  leaves  that 
he  'd  packed  in  papers,  and  put  into  a  carpet-bag, 
where  there  was  others,  to  a  coffee-shop  j  they 
always  had  'till  called  for'  marked  on  a  card 
then.  I  asked  no  questions,  but  just  left  them. 
There  was  two,  and  sometimes  four  boys,  as  used 
to  bring  me  leaves  on  Saturday  nights.  I  think 
they  was  charwomen's  sons,  but  I  don't  know  for 
a  positive,  and  I  don't  know  how  they  made  me 
out.  I  think  I  was  one  of  the  tip-tops  of  the 
trade  at  one  time ;  some  weeks  I  *ve  laid  out  a 
SOT.  (sovereign)  in  leaves.  I  haven't  a  not-ion 
how  many 'sin  the  line,  or  what's  doing  now; 
but  much  the  game  I  've  no  doubt.  I  'm  glad 
I've  done  with  it" 

I  am  told  by  those  who  are  as  well-informed  on 
the  subject  as  is  perhaps  possible,  when  a  surrep- 
titious and  dishonest  traffic  is  the  sul^ject  of  inquiry, 
that  although  less  spurious  tea  is  sold,  there  are 
more  makers  of  it.  Two  of  the  principal  manu- 
facturers have  of  late,  however,  been  prevented 
carrying  on  the  business  by  the  intervention  of 
tlie  excise  officers.  The  spurious  tea-men  are 
als'>  til-  buyers  of  "wrecked  tea,"  that  is,  of  tea 
which  has  been  part  of  the  salvage  of  a  wrecked 
Teste],  and  is  damaged  or  spoiled  entirely  by 
tl)e  salt  water.  This  is  re-dried  and  dyed,  so  ns 
to  appear  fresh  and  new.  It  is  dyed  with 
Fnusian  blue,  which  gives  it  what  an  ex- 
tensive tea-dealer  descrilied  to  me  as  an  "  in- 
t«oaely  fine  green."  It  it  then  mixed  with  the 
coonnonest  Gunpowder  teas  and  with  the  strongest 
Yoaog  Uysons,  and  has  always  a  kind  of  "me- 
tallic"  finell,  somewhat  like   that  of  a  copper 


vessel  after  friction  in  its  cleaning.  These  teas  are 
usually  sold  at  4s.  the  pound. 

Sloe-leaves  for  spurious  tea,  as  I  have  before 
stated,  were  in  extensive  use,  but  this  manufac- 
ture ceased  to  exist  about  20  years  ago.  Now 
the  spurious  material  consists  only  of  the  old  tea- 
leaves,  at  least  so  far  as  experienced  tradesmen 
know.  The  adulteration  is,  however,  I  am  as- 
sured, more  skilfully  conducted  thfin  it  used  to 
be,  and  its  staple  is  of  far  easier  procuration. 
The  law,  though  it  makes  the  use  of  old  tea- 
leaves,  as  components  of  what  is  called  tea, 
punishable,  is  nevertheless  silent  as  to  their  sale 
or  purchase ;  they  can  be  collected,  therefore,  with 
a  comparative  impunity. 

The  tea-leaves  are  dried,  dyed  (or  re-dyed), 
and  shrivelled  on  plates  of  hot  metal,  carefully 
tended.  The  dyes  used  are  those  I  have  men- 
tioned. These  teas,  when  mixed,  are  hawked  in 
the  countr}',  but  not  in  town,  and  are  sold  to  the 
hawkers  at  7  lbs.  for  21s.  The  quarters  of 
pounds  are  retailed  at  Is.  A  tea-dealer  told  me 
that  he  could  recognise  this  adulterated  commo- 
dity, but  it  was  only  a  person  skilled  in  teas  who 
could  do  so,  by  its  coarse  look.  For  green  tea — 
the  mixture  to  which  the  prepared  leaves  are  mostly 
devoted — the  old  tea  is  blended  with  the  com- 
monest Gunpowders  and  Hysons.  No  dye,  I  am 
told,  is  required  when  black  tea  is  thus  re-made ; 
but  I  know  that  plumbago  is  often  used  to  simu- 
late the  bloom.  The  inferior  shopkeepers  sell 
this  adulterated  tea,  especially  in  neighbourhoods 
where  the  poor  Irish  congregate,  or  any  of  the 
lowest  class  of  the  poor  Knglish. 

To  obtain  the  statistics  of  a  trade  which  exists 
in  spite  not  only  of  the  vigilance  of  the  excise 
and  police  officers  but  of  public  reprobation,  and 
which  is  essentially  a  secret  trade,  is  not  possible. 
I  heard  some,  who  were  likely  to  be  well-in- 
formed, conjecture — for  it  cannot  honestly  be  called 
more  than  a  conjecture — that  between  500  and 
1000  lbs.,  perhaps  700  lbs.,  of  old  tea-leaves  were 
made  up  weekly  in  London ;  but  of  this  he 
thought  that  about  an  eighth  was  spoilt  by  burn- 
ing in  the  process  of  drying. 

Another  gentleman,  however,  thought  that,  at 
the  very  least,  double  the  above  quantity  of  old 
tea-leaves  was  weekly  manufactured  into  new 
tea.  According  to  his  estimate,  and  he  was  no 
mean  authority,  no  less  than  1600  lbs.  weekly, 
or  78,000  lbs.  per  annum  of  this  trash  are  yearly 
poured  into  the  London  market.  The  average 
consumption  of  tea  is  about  1^  lb.  per  annum  for 
each  man,  woman,  or  child  in  the  kingdom ; 
coffee  being  the  pHncij'al  unfermcnted  beverage 
of  the  poor.  Those,  however,  of  the  poorest  who 
drink  tea  consume  about  two  ounces  per  week 
(half  an  ounce  serving  them  twice),  or  one  pound 
in  the  course  of  every  two  months.  This  makes 
the  annual  consumption  of  the  adult  tea-drinking 
poor  amount  to  6  lbs.,  and  it  is  upon  this  class 
the  spurious  tea  is  chiefly  foisted. 


13(3 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


OF   THE    STREET-FINDERS   OR   COLLECTORS. 


These  men,  for  by  far  the  great  majority  are  men, 
may  be  divided,  according  to  the  nature  of  their 
occupations,  into  three  classes  : — 

1.  The  bone-grubbers  and  rag-gatherer?,  who 
are,  indeed,  the  same  individuals,  the  pure-finders, 
and  the  cigar-end  and  old  wood  collectors. 

2.  The  dredgermen,  the  mud-larks,  and  the 
sewer-hunters. 

3.  The  dustmen  and  nigbtmen,  the  sweeps  and 
the  scavengers. 

The  first  class  go  abroad  daily  to  find  in  the 
streets,  and  carry  away  with  them  such  things  as 
bones,  rags,  "  pure  "  (or  dogs'-dung),  which  no  one 
appropriates.  These  they  sell,  and  on  that  sale 
support  a  wretched  life.  The  second  class  of 
people  are  also  as  strictly  finders ;  but  their  in- 
dustry, or  rather  their  laboiu*,  is  confined  to  the 
river,  or  to  that  subterranean  city  of  sewerage 
unto  which  the  Thames  supplies  the  great  outlets. 
These  persons  may  not  be  immediately  connected 
with  the  streets  of  Loudon,  but  their  pursuits  are 
carried  on  in  the  open  air  (if  the  sewer-air  may 
be  so  included),  and  are  all,  at  any  rate,  out-of- 
door  avocations.  The  third  class  is  distinct  from 
either  of  these,  as  the  labourers  comprised  in  it 
are  not  finders,  but  collectors  or  removers  of  the 
dirt  and  filth  of  our  streets  and  houses,  and  of  the 
soot  of  our  chimneys. 

The  two  first  classes  also  diflfer  from  the  third 
in  the  fact  that  the  sweeps,  dustmen,  scavengers, 
&c.,  are  paid  (and  often  large  sums)  for  the  re- 
moval of  the  refuse  they  collect;  whereas  the 
bone-grubbers,  and  mud-larks,  and  pure-finders, 
and  dredgermen,  and  sewer-hunters,  get  for  their 
pains  only  the  value  of  the  articles  they  gather. 

Herein,  too,  lies  a  broad  distinction  between  the 
street-finder,  or  collector,  and  the  street-buyer : 
though  both  deal  principally  with  refuse,  the 
buyer  pays  for  what  he  is  permitted  to  take  away; 
whereas  the  finder  or  collector  is  either  paid  (like 
the  sweep),  or  else  he  neither  pays  nor  is  paid 
(like  the  bone-grubber),  for  the  refuse  that  he 
removes. 

The  third  class  of  street-collectors  also  presents 
another  and  a  markedly  distinctive  characteristic. 
They  act  in  the  capacity  of  servants,  and  do  not 
depend  upon  chance  for  the  result  of  their  day's 
labour,  but  are  put  to  stated  tasks,  being  employed 
and  paid  a  fixed  sura  for  their  work.  To  this 
description,  however,  some  of  the  sweeps  present  an 
exception ;  as  when  the  sweep  works  on  his  own 
account,  or,  as  it  is  worded,  "  is  his  own  master." 

The  public  health  requires  the  periodical  clean- 
ing of  the  streets,  and  the  removal  of  the  refuse 
matter  from  our  dwellings  ;  and  the  man  who  con- 
tracts to  carry  on  this  work  is  decidedly  a  street- 
collector;  for  on  what  he  collects  or  removes  depends 
the  amount  of  his  remuneration.  Thus  a  wealthy 
contractor  for  the  public  scavengery,  is  as  entirely 
one  of  the  st^ee^folk  as  the  unskilled  and  ig- 
norant labourer  he  employs.     Tiie  master  lives, 


and,  in  many  instances,  has  become  rich,  on  the 
results  of  his  street  employment;  for,  of  course, 
the  actual  workmen  are  but  as  the  agents  or 
sources  of  his  profit.  Even  the  collection  of 
"pure"  (dogs'-dung)  in  the  streets,  if  conducted 
by  the  servants  of  any  tanner  or  leather  dresser, 
either  for  the  purposes  of  his  own  trade  or  for 
sale  to  others,  might  be  the  occupation  of  a  wealthy 
man,  deriving  a  small  profit  from  the  labour  of 
each  particular  collector.  The  same  may  also  be 
said  of  bone-grubbing,  or  any  similar  occupation, 
however  insignificant,  and  now  abandoned  to  the 
outcast. 

Were  the  collection  of  mud  and  dust  carried  on 
by  a  number  of  distinct  individuals — that  is  to 
say,  were  each  individual  dustman  and  scavenger 
to  collect  on  his  own  account,  there  is  no  doubt 
that  no  one  man  could  amass  a  fortune  by  such 
means — while  if  the  collection  of  bones  and  rags 
and  even  dogs'-dung  were  carried  on  "  in  the  large 
way,"  that  is  to  say,  by  a  number  of  individual 
collectors  working  for  one  "  head  man,"  even  the 
picking  up  of  the  most  abject  refuse  of  the  metro- 
polis might  become  the  source  of  great  riches. 

The  bone-grubber  and  the  mud-lark  (the 
searcher  for  refuse  on  the  banks  of  the  river) 
differ  little  in  their  pursuits  or  in  their  character- 
istics, excepting  that  the  mud-larks  are  generally 
boys,  which  is  more  an  accidental  than  a  definite 
distinction.  The  grubbers  are  with  a  few  excep- 
tions stupid,  unconscious  of  their  degradation,  and 
with  little  anxiety  to  be  relieved  from  it.  They 
are  usually  tacitiu-n,  but  this  taciturn  habit  is 
common  to  men  whose  callings,  if  they  cannot  be 
called  solitary,  are  pursued  with  little  communi- 
cation with  others.  I  was  informed  by  a  man 
who  once  kept  a  little  beer-shop  near  Friar-street, 
South wark  Bridge-road  (where  then  and  still,  he 
thought,  was  a  bone-grinding  establishment),  that 
the  bone-grubbers  who  carried  their  sacks  of  bones 
thither  sometimes  had  a  pint  of  beer  at  his  house 
when  they  had  received  their  money.  They 
usually  sat,  he  told  me,  silently  looking  at  the 
corners  of  the  floor — for  they  rarely  lifted  their 
eyes  up — as  if  they  were  expecting  to  see  some  bones 
or  refuse  there  available  for  their  bags.  Of  this 
inertion,  perhaps  fatigue  and  despair  may  be  a 
part.  I  asked  some  questions  of  a  man  of  this 
class  whom  I  saw  pick  up  in  a  road  in  the  suburbs 
something  that  appeared  to  have  been  a  coarse 
canvas  apron,  although  it  was  wet  after  a  night's 
rain  and  half  covered  with  mud.  I  inquired  of 
him  what  he  thought  about  when  he  trudged  along 
looking  on  the  ground  on  every  side.  His  answer 
was,  "  Of  nothing,  sir."  I  believe  that  no  better 
description  could  be  given  of  that  vacuity  of  mind 
or  mental  inactivity  which  seems  to  form  a  part 
of  the  most  degraded  callings.  The  minds  of  such 
men,  even  without  an  approach  to  idiotcy,  appear 
to  be  a  blank.  One  characteristic  of  these  poor 
fellows,  bone-grubbers  and  mud-larks,  is  that  they 


fits. 


-  m 


jgffWkn^ 


-~Ts 


-■iit^tr^^^ 


T  ii  E      II  U  D  -  L  A  R  K. 

iFrom  a  Daguerrmtyfm  hy  Okaro.] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


137 


are  very  poor,  although  I  am  told  some  of  them, 
the  older  men,  have  among  the  poor  the  reputa- 
tion of  being  misers.  It  ia  not  unusual  for  the 
youths  belonging  to  these  callings  to  live  with 
their  parents  and  give  them  the  amount  of  their 
earnings. 

The  sewer-huntera  are  again  distinct,  and  a  far 
more  intelligent  and  adventuroua  clasa  ;  but  they 
vork  in  gangs.  They  must  be  familiar  with  the 
course  of  the  tides,  or  they  might  be  drowned  at 
high  water.  They  must  have  quick  eyes  too,  not 
merely  to  descry  the  objects  of  their  search,  but 
to  mark  the  points  and  bearings  of  the  subterra- 
neous roads  they  traverse  ;  in  a  word,  "  to  know 
their  way  underground."  There  is,  moreover, 
some  spirit  of  daring  in  venturing  into  a  dark, 
solitary  sewer,  the  chart  being  only  in  the  memory, 
and  in  braving  the  possibility  of  noxious  vapours, 
and  the  by  no  means  insignificant  dangers  of  the 
rats  infesting  these  places. 

The  dredgermen,  the  finders  of  the  water,  are 
again  distinct,  as  being  watermen,  and  working  in 
boats.  In  some  foreign  parts,  in  Naples,  for  in- 
stance, men  carrying  on  similar  pursuits  are  also 
divers  for  anything  lost  in  the  bay  or  its  confluent 
waters.  One  of  these  men,  known 'some  years 
ago  as  "  the  Fish,"  could  remain  (at  least,  so  say 
those  whom  there  is  no  reason  to  doubt)  three 
hours  imder  the  water  without  rising  to  the  sur- 
face to  take  breath.  He  was,  it  is  said,  web- 
footed,  naturally,  and  partially  web-fingered.  The 
King  of  the  Two  Sicilies  once  threw  a  silver  cup 
into  the  sea  for  "  the  Fish  "  to  bring  up  and  retain 
as  a  reward,  but  the  poor  diver  was  never  seen 
again.  It  was  believed  that  he  got  entangled 
among  the  weeds  on  the  rocks,  and  so  perished. 
The  dredgermen  are  necessarily  well  acqmiinted 
with  the  sets  of  the  tide  and  the  course  of 
the  currents  in  the  Thames.  Every  one  of 
these  men  works  on  his  own  account,  being  as  it 
were  a  "  small  master,"  which,  indeed,  is  one  of 
the  great  attractions  of  open-air  pursuits.  The 
dredgermen  also  depend  for  their  maintenance 
upon  the  sale  of  what  they  find,  or  the  rewards 
they  receive. 

It  is  otherwise,  however,  as  was  before  observed, 
with  the  third  class  of  the  street-finders,  or  rather 
collectors.  In  all  the  capacities  of  dustmen, 
nightmen,  scavengers,  and  sweeps,  the  employers 
of  the  men  are  paid  to  do  the  work,  the  proceeds 
of  the  street-collection  forming  only  a  portion  of 
the  employer's  remuneration.  The  sweep  has  the 
Boot  in  addition  to  his  %d.  or  1«.;  the  master 
scavenger  has  a  payment  from  the  parish  funds  to 
sweep  the  streets,  though  the  clearance  of  the 
cesspools,  &c.,  in  private  houses,  may  be  an  in- 
dividual baripdm  The  whole  refuse  of  the 
streets  belongs  to  the  contractor  to  make  the  best 
of,  but  it  must  bo  cleared  away,  and  so  must  the 
contents  of  a  dust-bin;  for  if  a  mass  of  dirt  become 
offensiTe,  the  householder  may  be  indicted  for  a 
nuisance,  and  municipal  by-laws  require  its  re- 
aovaL  It  is  thus  made  a  matter  of  compulsion 
that  the  dust  be  removed  from  a  private  house ; 
but  it  is  otherwise  with  the  soot.  Why  a  man 
should  be  permitted  to  let  soot  accumulate  in  his 


chimney — perhaps  exposing  himself,  his  family, 
his  lodgers,  and  his  neighbours  to  the  dangers  of 
fire,  it  may  not  be  easy  to  accoimt  for,  especially 
when  we  bear  in  mind  that  the  same  man  may  not 
accumulate  cabbage-leaves  and  fish-tails  in  his  yard. 

The  dustmen  are  of  the  plodding  class  of  labour- 
ers, mere  labourers,  who  require  only  bodily 
power,  and  possess  little  or  no  mental  develop- 
ment. Many  of  the  agricultural  labourers  are  of 
this  order,  and  the  dustman  often  seems  to  be  the 
stolid  ploughman,  modified  by  a  residence  in  a 
city,  and  engaged  in  a  peculiar  calling.  They  are 
generally  uninformed,  and  no  few  of  them  are 
dustmen  because  their  fathers  were.  The  same 
may  be  said  of  nightmen  and  scavengers.  At  one 
time  it  was  a  popular,  or  rather  a  vulgar  notion 
that  many  dustmen  had  become  possessed  of  large 
sums,  from  the  plate,  coins,  and  valuables  they 
found  in  clearing  the  dust-bins  —  a  manifest 
absurdity;  but  I  was  told  by  a  marine-store 
dealer  that  he  had  known  a  young  woman,  a 
dustman's  daughter,  sell  silver  spoons  to  a  neigh- 
bouring marine-store  man,  who  was  "not  very 
particular." 

The  circumstances  and  character  of  the  chimney- 
sweeps have,  since  Parliament  "  put  down "  the 
climbing  boys,  undergone  considerable  change. 
The  sufferings  of  many  of  the  climbing  boys  were 
very  great.  They  were  often  ill-lodged,  ill-fed, 
barely-clad,  forced  to  ascend  hot  and  narrow  flues, 
and  subject  to  diseases — such  as  the  chimney- 
sweep's cancer — peculiar  to  their  calling.  The 
child  hated  his  trade,  and  was  easily  tempted  to 
be  a  thief,  for  prison  was  an  asylum ;  or  he  grew 
up  a  morose  tyrannical  fellow  as  journeyman  or 
master.  Some  of  the  young  sweeps  became  very 
bold  thieves  and  house-breakers,  and  the  most 
remarkable,  as  far  as  personal  daring  is  concerned : 
the  boldest  feat. of  escape  from  Kewgate  was  per- 
formed by  a  youth  who  had  been  brought  up  a 
chimney-sweep.  lie  climbed  up  the  two  bare 
rugged  walls  of  a  corner  of  the  interior  of  the 
prison,  in  the  open  air,  to  the  height  of  some  60 
feet.  lie  had  only  the  use  of  his  hands,  knees, 
and  feet,  and  a  single  slip,  from  fear  or  pain, 
would  have  been  death ;  he  surmounted  a  parapet 
after  this  climbing,  and  gained  the  roof,  but  was 
recaptured  before  he  could  get  clear  away.  He 
was,  moreover,  a  sickly,  and  reputed  a  cowardly, 
young  man,  and  ended  his  career  in  this  country 
by  being  transported. 

A  master  sweep,  now  in  middle  age,  and  a  man 
"  well  to  do,"  told  me  that  when  a  mere  child  he 
had  been  apprenticed  out  of  the  workhouse  to  a 
sweep,  such  being  at  that  time  a  common  occurrence. 
He  had  undergone,  he  said,  great  hardships  while 
learning  his  business,  and  was  long,  from  the  in- 
diflferent  character  of  his  class,  ashamed  of  being 
a  sweep,  both  as  journeyman  and  master  ;  but  the 
sweeps  were  so  much  improved  in  character  now, 
that  he  no  longer  felt  himself  disgraced  in  his 
calling. 

The  sweeps  are  more  intelligent  than  the  mere 
ordinary  labourers  I  have  written  of  under  this 
head,  but  they  are,  of  course,  far  from  being  aji 
educated  body. 


138 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  further  and  more  minute  characteristics  of 
the  curious  class  of  street-finders  or  collectors  will 
be  found  in  the  particular  details  and  statements. 

Among  the  finders  there  is  perhaps  the  greatest 
poverty  existing,  they  being  tlie  very  lowest  class 
of  all  the  street-people.  Many  of  the  very  old 
live  on  the  hard  dirty  crusts  they  pick  up  out  of 
the  roads  in  the  course  of  their  rounds,  washing 
them  and  steeping  them  in  water  before  they  eat 
them.  Probably  that  vacuity  of  mind  which  is  a 
distinguishing  feature  of  the  class  is  the  mere 
atony  or  emaciation  of  the  mental  faculties  pro- 
ceeding from — though  often  producing  in  the  want 
of  energy  that  it  necessarily  begets — the  extreme 
•wretchedness  of  the  class.  But  even  their  liberty 
and  a  crust— as  it  frequently  literally  is — appears 
preferable  to  these  people  to  the  restrictions  of 
the  workhouse.  Those  who  are  unable  to  com- 
prehend the  inertia  of  both  body  and  mind  be- 
gotten bj'  the  despair  of  long-continued  misfortune 
are  referred  to  page  357  of  the  first  volume  of  this 
work,  where  it  will  be  found  that  a  tinman,  in 
speaking  of  the  misery  connected  with  the  early 
part  of  his  street-career,  describes  the  effect  of 
extreme  want  as  producing  not  only  an  absence  of 
all  hope,  but  even  of  a  desire  to  better  the  con- 
dition. Those,  however,  who  have  studied  the 
mysterious  connection  between  body  and  mind, 
and  observed  what  different  creatures  they  them- 
selves are  before  and  after  dinner,  can  well  under- 
stand that  a  long-continued  deficiency  of  food 
must  have  the  same  weakening  effect  on  the  muscles 
of  the  mind  and  energy  of  the  thoughts  and  will, 
as  it  has  on  the  limbs  themselves. 

Occasionally  it  will  be  found  that  the  utter 
abjectness  of  the  bone-grubbers  has  arisen  from 
the  want  of  energy  begotten  by  intemperate 
habits.  The  workman  has  nothing  but  this  same 
energy  to  live  upon,  and  the  permanent  effect  of 
stimulating  liquors  is  to  produce  an  amount  of  de- 
pression corresponding  to  the  excitement  momen- 
tarily caused  by  them  in  the  frame.  The  operative, 
therefore,  who  spends  his  earnings  on  "  drink," 
not  only  squanders  them  on  a  brutalising  luxury, 
but  deprives  himself  of  the  power,  and  conse- 
quently of  the  disposition,  to  work  for  more,  and 
hence  that  idleness,  carelessness,  and  neglect  which 
are  the  distinctive  qualities  of  the  drunkard, 
and  sooner  or  later  compass  his  ruin. 

For  the  poor  wretched  children  who  are  reared 
to  this  the  lowest  trade  of  all,  surely  even  the 
most  insensible  and  unimaginative  must  feel  the 
acutest  pity.  There  is,  however,  this  consolation  : 
I  have  heard  of  none,  with  the  exception  of  the 
more  prosperous  sewer-hunters  and  dredgermen, 
who  have  remained  all  their  lives  at  street-finding. 
Still  there  remains  much  to  be  done  by  all  those 
who  are  impressed  with  a  sense  of  the  trust  that 
has  been  confided  to  them,  in  the  possession  of  those 
endowments  which  render  their  lot  in  this  world 
so  much  more  easy  than  that  of  the  less  lucky 
street-finders. 

Bone-Grubbebs  and  Rag-Gathebers. 
The  habits  of  the  bone-grubbers  and  rag-gather- 
ers, the  "  pure,"  or  dogs'-dung  collectors,  and  the 


cigar-end  finders,  are  necessarily  similar.  All 
lead  a  wandering,  unsettled  sort  of  life,  being 
compelled  to  be  continually  on  foot,  and  to  travel 
many  miles  every  day  in  search  of  the  articles  in 
which  they  deal.  They  seldom  have  any  fixed 
place  of  abode,  and  are  mostly  to  be  found  at 
night  in  one  or  other  of  the  low  lodging-houses 
throughout  London.  The  majority  are,  moreover, 
persons  who  have  been  brought  up  to  other  em- 
ployments, but  who  from  some  failing  or  mishap 
have  been  reduced  to  such  a  state  of  distress  that 
they  were  obliged  to  take  to  their  present  occupa- 
tion, and  have  never  after  been  able  to  get  away 
from  it. 

Of  the  whole  class  it  is  considered  that  there 
are  from  800  to  1000  resident  in  London,  one- 
half  of  whom,  at  the  least,  sleep  in  the  cheap 
lodging-houses.  The  Government  returns  esti- 
mate the  number  of  mendicants'  lodging-houses 
in  London  to  be  upwards  of  200.  Allowing  two 
bone-grubbers  and  pure-finders  to  frequent  each 
of  these  lodging-houses,  there  will  be  upwards  of 
400  availing  themselves  of  such  nightly  shelters. 
As  many  more,  I  am  told,  live  in  garrets  and 
ill-furnished  rooms  in  the  lowest  neighbourhoods. 
There  is  no  instance  on  record  of  any  of  the  class 
renting  even  the  smallest  house  for  himself. 

Moreover  there  are  in  London  during  the 
winter  a  number  of  persons  called  "  trampers," 
who  employ  themselves  at  that  season  in  street- 
finding.  These  people  are  in  the  summer  country 
labourers  of  some  sort,  but  as  soon  as  the  harvest 
and  potato-getting  and  hop-picking  are  over,  and 
they  can  find  nothing  else  to  do  in  the  country, 
they  come  back  to  London  to  avail  themselves  of 
the  shelter  of  the  night  asylums  or  refuges  for  the 
destitute  (usually  called  "straw-yards"  by  the 
poor),  for  if  they  remained  in  the  provinces  at 
that  period  of  the  year  they  would  be  forced  to 
have  recourse  to  the  unions,  and  as  they  can  only 
stay  one  night  in  each  place  they  would  be 
obliged  to  travel  from  ten  to  fifteen  miles  per 
day,  to  which  in  the  winter  they  have  a  strong 
objection.  They  come  up  to  London  in  the 
winter,  not  to  look  for  any  regular  work  or  em- 
ployment, but  because  they  know  that  they  can 
have  a  nightly  shelter,  and  bread  night  and 
morning  for  nothing,  during  that  season,  and  can 
during  the  day  collect  bones,  rags,  &c.  As  soon  : 
as  the  "  straw-yards "  close,  which  is  generally  \ 
about  the  beginning  of  April,  the  "trampers" 
again  start  off  to  the  country  in  small  bands  of 
two  or  three,  and  without  any  fixed  residence 
keep  wandering  about  all  the  summer,  sometimes 
begging  their  way  through  the  villages  and  sleep- 
ing in  the  casual  wards  of  the  unions,  and  some- 
times, when  hard  driven,  working  at  hay-making 
or  any  other  light  labour. 

Those  among  the  bone-grubbers  who  do  not 
belong  to  the  regular  "trampers"  have  been 
either  navvies,  or  men  who  have  not  been  able 
to  obtain  employment  at  their  own  business,  and 
have  been  driven  to  it  by  necessity  as  a  means  of 
obtaining  a  little  bread  for  the  time  being,  and 
without  any  intention  of  pursuing  the  calling 
regularly;  but,  as  I  have  said,  when  once  in  the 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


139 


i     business   they  cannot  leave  it,  for  at  least  they 
i     make  certain  of  getting  a  few  halfpence  by  it,  and 
j     their  present  necessity  does  not  allow  tliem  time 
'      to  look  after  other  employment.     There  are  many 
!     of  the  street-tinders  who  are  old  men  and  women, 
and  many  very  young  children  who  have  no  other 
means  of  living.      Since  the  famine  in  Ireland 
vast  numbers  of  that  unfortunate  people,  particu- 
larly boys  and  girls,  have  been  engaged  in  gather- 
ing bones  and  rags  in  the  streets. 

The  bone-picker  and  rag  gatherer  may  be  known 
at  once  by  the  greasy  bag  which  he  carries  on  his 
back.  Usually  he  has  a  stick  in  his  hand,  and 
this  is  armed  with  a  spike  or  hook,  for  the  pur- 
pose of  more  easily  turning  over  the  heaps  of 
ashes  or  dirt  that  are  thrown  out  of  the  houses, 
and  discovering  whether  they  contain  anything 
that  is  saleable  at  the  rag  and-bottle  or  marine- 
store  shop.  The  bone-grubber  generally  seeks  out 
the  narrow  Lack  streets,  where  dust  and  refuse 
are  cast,  or  where  any  dust-bins  are  accessible. 
The  articles  for  which  he  chiefly  searches  are  rags 
and  bones — rags  he  prefers — but  waste  metal, 
such  as  bits  of  lead,  pewter,  copper,  brass,  or  old 
iron,  he  prizes  above  all.  Whatever  he  meets 
with  that  he  knows  to  be  in  any  way  saleable  he 
puts  into  the  bag  at  his  back.  He  often  tinds  large 
lumps  of  bread  which  have  been  thrown  out  as 
waste  by  the  servants,  and  occasionally  the  house- 
keepers will  give  him  some  bones  on  which  there 
is  a  little  meat  remaining;  these  constitute  the 
morning  meal  of  most  of  the  class.  One  of  my 
informants  had  a  large  rump  of  beef  bone  given  to 
him  a  few  days  previous  to  my  seeing  him,  on 
which  "there  was  not  less  than  a  pound  of 
meat." 

The  bone-pickers  and  rag-gatherers  are  all  early 
risers.  They  have  all  their  sepamte  beats  or  dis- 
tricts, and  it  is  most  important  to  them  that  they 
should  reach  their  district  before  any  one  else  of 
the  same  class  can  go  over  the  ground.  Some  of 
the  beats  lie  as  far  as  Feckham,  Clapham,  Ham- 
mersmith, Hampstcad,  Bow,  Stratford,  and  indeed 
all  parts  within  about  tire  miles  of  London.  In 
summer  time  they  rise  at  two  in  the  morning, 
and  sometimes  earlier.  It  is  not  quite  light  at 
this  hour— but  bones  and  rags  can  be  discovered 
before  daybreak.  The  "  grubbers "  scour  all 
quarters  of  London,  but  abound  more  particu- 
larly in  the  suburbs.  In  the  neighbourhood  of 
petticoat-lane  and  Kagfair,  however,  they  are  the 
most  numerous  on  account  of  the  greater  quantity 
of  rags  which  the  Jews  have  to  throw  out.  It 
usually  takes  the  bone-picker  from  seven  to  nine 
hours  to  go  over  his  rounds,  during  which  time 
he  travels  from  20  to  30  miles  with  a  qtmrter 
to  a  half  hundredweight  on  his  back.  In  the 
summer  he  ustudly  reaches  home  about  eleven 
of  the  day,  and  iu  the  winter  about  one  or  tv^. 
On  his  return  home  be  proceeds  to  sort  the  con- 
tent* of  his  bag.  He  separates  the  rags  from  the 
bones,  and  these  again  from  the  old  metal  (if  he 
be  lucky  enough  to  hare  fuund  any).  He  divides 
the  rags  into  various  lots,  according  as  they  are 
white  or  coloured  ;  and  if  he  have  picked  up  any 
pieces  of  canvaa  or  sacking,  he  makes  these  also 


into  a  separate  parcel.  When  he  has  finished 
the  sorting  he  takes  his  several  lots  to  the  rag- 
shop  or  the  marine-store  dealer,  and  realizes  upon 
>  them  whatever  they  may  be  worth.  For  the 
white  rags  he  gets  from  ^d.  to  Zd.  per  pound, 
according  as  they  are  clean  or  soiled.  The  white 
rags  are  very  difficult  to  be  found  ;  they  are  mostly 
very  dirty,  and  are  therefore  sold  with  the  coloured 
ones  at  the  rate  of  about  5  lbs.  for  2d.  The 
bones  are  usually  sold  with  the  coloured  rags 
at  one  and  the  same  price.  For  fragments  of 
canvas  or  sacking  the  grubber  gets  about  three- 
farthings  a  pound ;  and  old  bniss,  copper,  and 
pewter  about  Ad.  (the  marine-store  keepers  say 
5(^.),  and  old  iron  one  farthing  per  pound,  or  six 
pounds  for  1(/.  The  bone-grubber  thinks  he  has 
done  an  excellent  day's  work  if  he  can  earn  8cZ.; 
and  some  of  them,  especially  the  very  old  and  the 
very  young,  do  not  earn  more  than  from  2d.  to 
Zd.  a  day.  To  make  IQd.  a  day,  at  the  present 
price  of  rags  and  bones,  a  man  must  be  remark- 
ably active  and  strong, — "  ay  !  and  lucky,  too," 
adds  my  informant.  The  average  amount  of  earn- 
ings, I  am  told,  varies  from  about  Qd.  to  Srf.  per 
day,  or  from  35.  to  4*.  a  week ;  and  the  highest 
amount  that  a  man,  the  most  brisk  and  persevering 
at  the  business,  can  by  any  possibility  earn  in 
one  week  is  about  bs.,  but  this  can  only  be  accom- 
plished by  great  good  fortune  and  industry — the 
usual  weekly  gains  are  about  half  that  sura.  In 
bad  weather  the  bone-grubber  cannot  do  so  well, 
because  the  rags  are  wet,  and  then  they  cannot 
sell  them.  The  majority  pick  up  bones  only  in 
wet  weather ;  those  who  do  gather  rags  during 
or  after  rain  are  obliged  to  wash  and  dry  them 
before  they  can  sell  them.  The  state  of  the 
shoes  of  the  rag  and  bone-picker  is  a  very  import- 
ant matter  to  him ;  for  if  he  be  well  shod  he  can 
get  quickly  over  the  ground ;  but  he  is  frequently 
lamed,  and  unable  to  make  any  progress  from  the 
blisters  and  gashes  on  his  feet,  occasioned  by  the 
want  of  proper  shoes. 

Sometimes  the  bone-grubbers  will  pick  up  a 
stray  sixpence  or  a  shilling  that  has  been  dropped 
in  the  street.  "  The  handkerchief  I  have  round 
my  neck,"  said  one  whom  I  saw,  "  I  picked  up 
with  \s.  in  the  corner.  The  greatest  prize  I 
ever  found  was  the  brass  cap  of  the  nave  of  a 
coach-wheel ;  and  I  did  once  find  a  quarter  of  a 
pound  of  tobacco  in  Sun-street,  Bishopsgaie.  The 
best  bit  of  luck  of  all  that  I  ever  had  was  finding 
a  cheque  for  12^  15*.  lying  in  the  gateway  of  the 
mourning-coach  yard  in  Titchbome-street,  Hay- 
market  I  was  going  to  light  my  pipe  with  it, 
indeed  I  picked  it  up  for  that  purpose,  and  then 
saw  it  was  a  cheque.  It  was  on  the  London  and 
County  Bank,  21,  Lombard-street.  I  took  it 
there,  and  got  10«.  for  finding  it.  I  went  there 
in  my  rags,  as  I  am  now,  and  the  cashier  stared 
a  bit  at  me.  The  cheque  was  drawn  by  a  Mr. 
Knibb,  and  payable  to  a  Mr.  Cox.  I  did  think  I 
should  have  got  the  odd  15«.  though." 

It  has  been  stated  that  the  average  amount  of 
the  eaniings  of  the  bone-pickers  is  6^/.  per  day,  or 
Z».  per  week,  being  11.  16«.  per  annum  for  each 
person.     It  has  also  been  r.hown  that  the  number 


140 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  persons  engaged  in  the  business  may  be  esti- 
mated at  about  800  ;  hence  the  earnings  of  the 
entire  number  will  amount  to  the  sura  of  20^.  per 
day,  or  120/.  per  week,  which  gives  6240/.  as  the 
annual  earnings  of  the  bone-pickers  and  rag- 
gatherers  of  London.  It  may  also  be  computed 
that  each  of  the  grubbers  gathers  on  an  average 
20  lbs.  weight  of  bone  and  rags ;  and  reckoning 
the  bones  to  constitute  three-fourths  of  the  entire 
•weight,  we  thus  find  that  the  gross  quantity  of 
these  articles  gathered  by  the  street-finders  in  the 
course  of  the  year,  amounts  to  3,744,000  lbs.  of 
bones,  and  1,240,000  lbs.  of  rags. 

Between  the  London  and  St.  Katherine's  Docks 
and  Rosemary  Lane,  there  is  a  large  district  inter- 
laced with  narrow  lanes,  courts,  and  alleys  rami- 
fying into  each  other  in  the  most  intricate  and  dis- 
orderly manner,  insomuch  that  it  would  be  no 
easy  matter  for  a  stranger  to  work  his  way  through 
the  interminable  confusion  without  the  aid  of  a 
guide,  resident  in  and  well  conversant  with  the 
locality.  The  houses  are  of  the  poorest  description, 
and  seem  as  if  they  tumbled  into  their  places  at 
random.  Foul  channels,  huge  dust-heaps,  and  a 
variety  of  other  unsightly  objects,  occupy  every 
open  space,  and  dabbling  among  these  are  crowds 
of  ragged  dirty  children  who  grub  and  wallow,  as  if 
in  their  native  element.  None  reside  in  these  places 
but  the  poorest  and  most  wretched  of  the  popula- 
tion, and,  as  might  almost  be  expected,  this,  the 
cheapest  and  filthiest  locality  of  London,  is  the 
head-quarters  of  the  bone-grubbers  and  other 
street-finders.  I  have  ascertained  on  the  best  au- 
thority, that  from  the  centre  of  this  place,  within 
a  circle  of  a  mile  in  diameter,  there  dwell  not 
less  than  200  persons  of  this  class.  In  this  quarter 
I  found  a  bone-gmbber  who  gave  me  the  following 
account  of  himself : — 

"  I  was  born  in  Liverpool,  and  when  about  14 
years  of  age,  my  father  died.  He  used  to  work  about 
the  Docks,  and  I  used  to  run  on  errands  for  any 
person  who  wanted  me.  I  managed  to  live  by 
this  after  my  father's  death  for  three  or  four 
years.  I  had  a  brother  older  than  myself,  who 
went  to  France  to  work  on  the  railroads,  and  when 
I  was  about  18  he  sent  for  me,  and  got  me  to  Avork 
with  himself  on  the  Paris  and  Rouen  Railway, 
under  McKenzie  and  Brassy,  who  had  the  con- 
tract. I  worked  on  the  railroads  in  France  for 
four  years,  till  the  disturbance  broke  out,  and  then 
we  all  got  notice  to  leave  the  country.  I  lodged 
at  that  time  with  a  countryman,  and  had  12/., 
which  I  had  saved  out  of  my  earnings.  This  sum 
I  gave  to  my  countryman  to  keep  for  me  till  we  got 
to  London,  as  I  did  not  like  to  have  it  about  me, 
for  fear  I  'd  lose  it  The  French  people  paid  our 
fare  from  Rouen  to  Havre  by  the  railway,  and 
there  put  us  on  board  a  steamer  to  Southampton. 
There  was  about  50  of  us  altogether.  When 
we  got  to  Southampton,  we  all  went  before  the 
mayor;  we  told  him  about  how  we  had  been 
driven  out  of  France,  and  lie  gave  us  a  shilling  a 
piece ;  he  sent  some  one  with  us,  too,  to  get  us  a 
lodging,  and  told  us  to  come  again  the  next  day. 
In  the  morning  the  mayor  gave  every  one  who 
was  able  to  walk  half-a-crown,  and  for  those  who 


were  not  able  he  paid  their  fare  to  London  on  the 
railroad.  I  had  a  sore  leg  at  the  time,  and  I  came 
up  by  the  train,  and  when  I  gave  up  my  ticket  at 
the  station,  the  gentleman  gave  me  a  shilling  more. 
'  I  couldn't  find  the  man  I  had  given  my  money  to, 
because  he  had  walked  up  ;  and  I  went  before  the 
Lord  Mayor  to  ask  his  advice ;  he  gave  me  2s.  Qd. 
I  looked  for  work  everywhere,  but  could  get 
nothing  to  do ;  and  when  the  2s.  &d.  was  all 
spent,  I  heard  that  the  man  who  had  my  money 
was  on  the  London  and  York  Railway  in  the 
country;  however,  I  couldn't  get  that  far  for 
want  of  money  then ;  so  I  went  again  before  the 
Lord  Mayor,  and  he  gave  me  two  more,  but 
told  me  not  to  trouble  him  any  further.  I  told 
the  Lord  Mayor  about  the  money,  and  then  he  sent 
an  officer  with  me,  who  put  me  into  a  carriage  on 
the  railway.  When  I  got  down  to  where  the 
man  was  at  work,  he  wouldn't  give  me  a  farthing; 
I  had  given  him  the  money  without  any  witness 
bring  present,  and  he  said  I  could  do  nothing, 
because  it  was  done  in  another  country.  I  staid 
down  there  more  than  a  week  trying  to  get  work 
on  the  railroad,  but  could  not.  I  had  no  money 
and  was  nearly  starved,  when  two  or  three  took 
pity  on  me,  and  made  up  four  or  five  shillings  for 
me,  to  take  me  back  again  to  London.  I  tried  all 
I  could  to  get  something  to  do,  till  the  money  was 
nearly  gone ;  and  then  I  took  to  selling  lucifers, 
and  the  fly-papers  that  they  use  in  the  shops,  and 
little  things  like  that ;  but  I  could  do  no  good  at 
this  work,  there  was  too  many  at  it  before  me, 
and  they  knew  more  about  it  than  I  did.  At 
last,  I  got  so  bad  off  I  didn't  know  what  to  do ; 
but  seeing  a  great  many  about  here  gathering 
bones  and  rags,  I  thought  I  'd  do  so  too — a  poor 
fellow  must  do  something.  I  was  advised  to  do 
so,  and  I  have  been  at  it  ever  since.  I  forgot  to 
tell  you  that  my  brother  died  in  France.  We  had 
good  wages  there,  four  francs  a  day,  or  35.  4(/, 
English ;  I  don't  make  more  than  3cZ.  or  Ad.  and 
sometimes  6c/.  a  day  at  bone-picking.  I  don't  go 
out  before  daylight  to  gather  anything,  because 
the  police  takes  my  bag  and  throws  all  I  've  ga- 
thered about  the  street  to  see  if  I  have  anything 
stolen  in  it.  I  never  stole  anything  in  all  my  life, 
indeed  I  'd  do  anything  before  I  'd  steal.  Many 
a  night  I  've  slept  under  an  arch  of  the  railway 
when  I  hadn't  a  penny  to  pay  for  my  bed ;  but 
whenever  the  police  find  me  that  way,  they  make 
me  and  the  rest  get  up,  and  drive  us  on,  and  tell 
us  to  keep  moving.  I  don't  go  out  on  wet  days, 
there 's  no  use  in  it,  as  the  things  won't  be  bought. 
I  can't  wash  and  dry  them,  because  I  'm  in  a 
lodging-house.  There 's  a  great  deal  more  than  a 
100  bone-pickers  about  here,  men,  women,  and 
children.  The  Jews  in  this  lane  and  up  in  Petti- 
coat-lane give  a  good  deal  of  victuals  away  on  the 
Saturday.  They  sometimes  call  one  of  us  in  from 
the  street  to  light  the  fire  for  them,  or  take  oflf  the 
kettle,  as  they  must  not  do  anything  themselves 
on  the  Sabbath  ;  and  then  they  put  some  food  on 
the  footpath,  and  throw  rags  and  bones  into  the 
street  for  us,  because  they  must  not  hand  anything 
to  us.  There  are  some  about  here  who  get  a 
couple  of  shillings'  worth  of  goods,   and  go   on 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


141 


board  the  ships  in  the  Docks,  and  exchange  them 
for  bones  and  bits  of  old  canvas  among  tlje  sailors  ; 
I  'd  buy  and  do  so  too  if  I  only  had  the  money,  but 
can't  get  it.  The  summer  is  the  worst  time  for  us, 
the  winter  is  much  better,  for  there  is  more  meat 
used  in  winter,  and  then  there  are  more  bones." 
(Others  say  differently.)  "  I  intend  to  go  to  the 
country  this  season,  and  try  to  get  something  to 
do  at  the  hay-making  and  harvest.  I  make  about 
2*.  6rf.  a  week,  and  the  way  I  manage  is  this : 
sometimes  I  get  a  piece  of  bread  about  12  o'clock, 
and  I  make  my  breakfast  of  that  and  cold  water  ; 
Tery  seldom  I  have  any  dinner, — unless  I  earn  M. 
I  can't  get  any, — and  then  I  have  a  basin  of  nice 
Boup,  or  a  penn'orth  of  plum-pudding  and  a  couple 
of  baked  'tatoes.  At  night  I  get  \d.  worth  of 
coffee,  \d.  worth  of  sugar,  and  \\d.  «\'orth  of 
bread,  and  then  I  have  2(/.  a  night  left  for  my 
lodging ;  I  always  try  to  manage  that,  for  I  'd  do 
anything  sooner  than  stop  out  all  night.  I  'm 
always  happy  the  day  when  I  make  id.,  for  then 
I  know  I  won't  have  to  sleep  in  the  street.  The 
winter  before  last,  there  was  a  straw-yard  down 
in  Black  Jack's-alley,  where  we  used  to  go  after 
six  o'clock  in  the  evening,  and  get  ^  lb.  of  bread, 
and  another  ^  lb.  in  the  morning,  and  then  we  'd 
gather  what  we  could  in  the  daytime  and  buy 
Tictuala  with  what  we  got  for  it.  We  were  well 
off  then,  but  the  straw-yard  wasn't  open  at  all  last 
winter.  There  used  to  be  300  of  us  in  there  of  a 
night,  a  great  many  of  the  dock-labourers  and  their 
femilies  were  there,  for  no  work  was  to  be  got  in 
the  docks  ;  so  they  weren't  able  to  pay  rent,  and 
were  obliged  to  go  in.  I  've  lost  my  health  since  I 
took  to  bone-picking,  through  the  wet  and  cold  in 
the  winter,  for  I  've  scarcely  any  clothes,  and  the 
wet  gets  to  my  feet  through  the  old  shoes ;  this 
caused  fcie  last  winter  to  be  nine  weeks  in  the 
hospital  of  the  Whitechapel  workhouse." 

The  narrator  of  this  tale  seemed  so  dejected 
and  broken  in  spirit,  that  it  was  with  difficulty 
his  story  was  elicited  from  him.  He  was  evi- 
dently labouring  under  incipient  consumption.  I 
have  every  reason  to  believe  that  he  made  a 
truthful  statement, — indeed,  he  did  not  appear  to 
me  to  have  sufficient  intellect  to  invent  a  false- 
hood. It  is  a  curious  fact,  indeed,  with  reference 
to  the  London  street-finders  generally,  that  they 
seem  to  possess  less  rational  power  than  any  other 
claM.  They  appear  utterly  incapable  of  trading 
eren  in  the  most  trifling  commodities,  probably 
from  the  fiict  that  buying  articles  for  the  purpose 
of  selling  them  at  a  profit,  requires  an  exercise  of 
the  mind  to  which  they  feel  themselves  incapable. 
B^[ging,  too,  requires  some  ingenuity  or  tact,  in 
order  to  more  the  sympathies  of  the  well-to-do, 
and  the  street-finders  being  incompetent  for  this, 
they  work  on  day  after  day  as  long  as  they  are 
able  to  crawl  about  in  pursuit  of  their  unprofit- 
able calling.  This  cannot  be  fairly  said  of  the 
younger  members  of  this  class,  who  arc  sent  into 
the  street*  by  their  parents,  and  many  of  whom 
are  afterwards  able  to  find  some  moro  reputable 
and  more  lucrative  employment.  As  a  body  of 
r>eople,  however,  young  and  old,  they  mostly  ex- 
hibit the  same  stupid,  half-witted  appearance. 


To  show  how  bone-grubbers  occasionally  manage 
to  obtain  shelter  during  the  night,  the  following 
incident  may  not  be  out  of  place.  A  few  morn- 
ings past  I  accidentally  encountered  one  of  this 
class  in  a  narrow  back  lane  ;  his  ragged  coat — the 
colour  of  the  rubbish  among  which  he  toiled — was 
greased  over,  probably  with  the  fat  of  the  bones  he 
gathered,  and  being  mixed  with  the  dust  it  seemed 
as  if  the  man  were  covered  with  bird-lime.  His 
shoes — torn  and  tied  on  his  feet  with  pieces  of  cord 
— had  doubtlessly  been  picked  out  of  some  dust-bin, 
while  his  greasy  bag  and  stick  unmistakably 
announced  his  calling.  Desirous  of  obtaining  all 
the  information  possible  on  this  subject,  I  asked 
him  a  few  questions,  took  his  address,  which  he 
gave  without  hesitation,  and  bade  him  call  on  me 
in  the  evening.  At  the  time  appointed,  however, 
he  did  not  appear ;  on  the  following  day  therefore 
I  made  way  to  the  address  he  had  given,  and  on 
reaching  the  spot  I  was  astonished  to  find  the  house 
in  which  he  had  said  he  lived  was  uninhabited. 
A  padlock  was  on  the  door,  the  boards  of  which 
were  parting  with  age.  There  was  not  a  whole 
pane  of  glass  in  any  of  the  windows,  and  the 
frames  of  many  of  them  were  shattered  or  de- 
molished. Some  persons  in  the  neighbourhood, 
noticing  me  eyeing  the  place,  asked  whom  I 
wanted.  On  my  telling  the  man's  name,  which  it 
appeared  he  had  not  dreamt  of  disguising,  I  was 
informed  that  he  bad  left  the  day  before,  saying  he 
had  met  the  landlord  in  the  morning  (for  such  it 
turned  out  he  had  fancied  me  to  be),  and  that  the 
gentleman  had  wanted  him  to  come  to  his  house,  but 
he  was  afraid  to  go  lest  he  should  be  sent  to  prison 
for  breaking  into  the  phice.  I  found,  on  inspec- 
tion, that  the  premises,  though  locked  up,  could 
be  entered  by  the  rear,  one  of  the  window-frames 
having  been  removed,  so  that  admission  could 
be  obtained  through  the  aperture.  Availing  my- 
self of  the  same  mode  of  ingress,  I  proceeded  to 
examine  the  premises.  Nothing  could  well  be 
more  dismal  or  dreary  than  the  interior.  The 
floors  were  rotting  with  damp  and  mildew,  espe- 
cially near  the  windows,  where  the  wet  found 
easy  entrance.  The  walls  were  even  slimy  and 
discoloured,  and  everything  bore  the  appearance 
of  desolation.  In  one  corner  was  strewn  a  bundle 
of  dirty  straw,  which  doubtlessly  had  served  the 
bone-grubber  for  a  bed,  while  scattered  about  the 
floor  were  pieces  of  bones,  and  small  fragments  of 
dirty  rags,  sufficient  to  indicate  the  calling  of  the 
late  inmate.  He  had  had  but  little  difficulty  in 
removing  his  property,  seeing  that  it  consisted 
solely  of  his  bag  and  his  stick. 

The  following  paragraph  concerning  the  chiffo- 
niers or  rag-gatherers  of  Paris  appeared  in  the 
London  journals  a  few  weeks  since :  — 

"  The  fraternal  association  of  rag-gatherers 
(chiffoniers)  gave  a  grand  banquet  on  Saturday 
last  (2l8t  of  June).  It  took  place  at  a  public- 
house  called  the  Pot  Tricolore,  near  the  Barrihe 
de  Fontainhlcau,  which  is  frequented  by  the  rag- 
gathering  fraternity.  In  this  house  there  are 
three  rooms,  each  of  which  is  spcciallv  doroted  to 
the  use  of  different  classes  of  rag-gatherers  ;  one, 
the  least  dirty,  is  called  the  '  Chamber  of  Peers,' 


142 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


nnd  is  occupied  by  the  first  class — that  is,  those 
who  possess  a  basket  in  a  good  state,  and  a  crook 
ornamented  with  copper  ;  the  second,  called  the 
'  Chamber  of  Deputies,'  belonging  to  the  second 
class,  is  much  less  comfortable,  and  those  who 
attend  it  have  baskets  and  crooks  not  of  first-rate 
quality ;  the  third  room  is  in  a  dilapidated  condi- 
tion, and  is  frequented  by  the  lowest  class  of 
rag-gatherers  who  have  no  basket  or  crook,  and 
who  place  what  they  find  in  the  streets  in  a  piece 
of  sackcloth.  They  call  themselves  the  'Reunion 
des  Vrais  Proletaires.'  The  name  of  each  room 
is  written  in  chalk  above  the  door ;  and  generally 
such  strict  etiquette  is  observed  among  the  rag- 
gatherers  that  no  one  goes  into  the  apartment  not 
occupied  by  his  own  class.  At  Saturday's  ban- 
quet, however,  all  distinctions  of  rank  were  laid 
aside,  and  delegates  of  each  class  united  frater- 
nally. The  president  was  the  oldest  rag-gatherer 
in  Paris ;  his  age  is  88,  and  he  is  called  '  the 
Emperor.'  The  'oanquet  consisted  of  a  sort  of 
olla  i^odnda,  which  the  master  of  the  establish- 
ment pompously  called  giheloite,  though  of  what 
animal  it  was  composed  it  was  impossible  to  say. 
It  Avas  served  up  in  huge  earthen  dishes,  and 
before  it  was  allowed  to  be  touched  payment  was 
demanded  and  obtained ;  the  other  articles  were 
also  paid  for  as  soon  as  they  were  brought  in  ; 
and  a  deposit  was  exacted  as  a  security  for  the 
plates,  knives,  and  forks.  Tiie  wine,  or  what  did 
■duty  as  such,  was  contained  in  an  earthen  pot 
called  the  Petit  Pere  Noir,  and  was  filled  from  a 
gigantic  vessel  named  Le  Moricaud.  The  dinner 
was  concluded  by  each  guest  taking  a  small  glass 
of  brand}'.  Business  was  then  proceeded  to. 
It  consisted  in  the  reading  and  adoption  of  the 
statutes  of  the  association,  followed  by  the  drink- 
ing of  numerous  toasts  to  the  president,  to  the 
prosperity  of  rag-gathering,  to  the  imion  of  rag- 
gatherers,  &c.  A  collection  amounting  to  6/.  75c. 
was  raised  for  sick  members  of  the  fraternity. 
The  guests  then  dispersed  ;  but  several  of  them 
remained  at  the  counter  until  they  had  consumed 
in  brandy  the  amount  deposited  as  security  for 
the  crockery,  knives,  and  forks." 

Of  IDE  "  Pure  "-Fi>'DErvS, 
DoGs'-dung  is  called  "Pure,"  from  its  cleansing 
and  purifying  properties. 

The  name  of  "  Pure-finders,"  however,  has  been 
applied  to  the  men  engaged  in  collecting  dogs'- 
dung  from  the  public  streets  only,  within  the  last 
20  or  30  years.  Previous  to  this  period  there  ap- 
pears to  have  been  no  men  engaged  in  the  busi- 
ness, old  women  alone  g.ithered  the  substance, 
and  they  were  known  by  the  name  of  "  hunters," 
which  signifies  properly  gatherers  of  rags;  and  thus 
plainly  intimates  that  the  rag-gatherers  originally 
added  the  collecting  of  "  Pure"  to  their  original 
and  proper  vocation.  Hence  it  appears  that  the 
bone-grubbers,  rag-gatherers,  and  pure-finders, 
constituted  formerly  but  one  class  of  people,  and 
even  now  they  have,  aa  I  have  stated,  kindred 
characteristics. 

The  pure-finders  meet  with  a  ready  market  forall 
the  dogs'-dung  they  are  able  to  collect,  at  the  nume- 


rous tanyards  in  Bermondsey,  where  they  sell  it  by 
the  stal)le-bucket  full,  and  get  from  St/,  to  lOrf. 
per  bucket,  and  sometimes  \s.  and  Is.  2d.  for  it, 
according  to  its  quality.  The  "  dry  limy-looking 
sort"  fetches  the  highest  price  at  some  yards,  as  it 
is  found  to  possess  more  of  the  alkaline,  or  purify- 
ing properties  ;  but  others  are  found  to  prefer  the 
dark  moist  quality.  Strange  as  it  may  appear, 
the  preference  for  a  particular  kind  has  suggested 
to  the  finders  of  Pure  the  idea  of  adulterating  it 
to  a  very  considerable  extent;  this  is  effected  by 
means  of  mortar  broken  away  from  old  walls,  and 
mixid  up  with  the  whole  mass,  which  it  closely 
resembles ;  in  some  cases,  however,  the  mortar  is 
rolled  into  small  balls  similar  to  those  found. 
Hence  it  would  appear,  that  there  is  no  business 
or  trade,  however  insignificant  or  contemptible, 
without  its  own  peculiar  and  appropriate  tricks. 

The  pure-finders  are  in  their  habits  and  mode 
of  proceeding  nearly  similar  to  the  bone-grubbers. 
Many  of  the  pure-finders  are,  however,  better  in 
circumstances,  the  men  especially,  as  they  earn 
more  money.  They  are  also,  to  a  certain  extent, 
a  better  educated  class.  Some  of  the  regular  col- 
lectors of  this  substance  have  been  mechanics,  and 
others  small  tradesmen,  Avho  have  been  reduced. 
Those  pure-finders  who  have  "a  good  connection," 
and  have  been  granted  permission  to  cleanse  some 
kennels,  obtain  a  very  fair  living  at  the  business, 
earning  from  IO5.  to  15s.  a  week.  These,  how- 
ever, are  very  few;  the  majority  have  to  seek  the 
article  in  the  streets,  .nnd  by  such  means  they 
can  obtiiin  only  from  6s.  to  10s.  a  week.  The 
average  weekly  earnings  of  this  class  are  thought 
to  be  about  7s.  6c^. 

From  all  the  inquiries  I  have  made  on  this  sub- 
ject, I  have  found  that  there  cannot  be  less  than 
from  200  to  300  persons  constantly  engaged  solely 
in  this  business.  There  are  about  30  tanyards 
large  and  small  in  Bermondsey,  and  these  all  have 
their  regular  Pure  collectors  from  whom  they 
obtain  tlie  article.  Leomont  and  Roberts's,  Baving- 
tons',  Beech's,  Murrell's,  Cheeseman's,  Powell's, 
Jones's,  Jourdans',  Kent's,  Moorcroft's,  and  Davis's, 
are  among  the  largest  establishments,  and  some 
idea  of  the  amount  of  business  done  in  some  of 
these  yards  may  be  formed  from  the  fact,  that  the 
proprietors  severally  employ  from  300  to  500  tan- 
ners. At  Leomont  and  Eoberts's  there  are  23  re- 
gular street-finders,  who  supply  them  with  pure, 
but  this  is  a  large  establishment,  and  the  number 
supplying  them  is  considered  far  be3'ond  the 
average  quantity;  moreover,  Messrs.  Leomont  and 
Roberts  do  more  business  in  the  particular  branch 
of  tanning  in  which  the  article  is  principally  used, 
viz.,  in  dressing  the  leather  for  book-covers,  kid- 
gloves,  and  a  variety  of  other  articles.  Some  of 
the  other  tanyards,  especially  the  smaller  ones, 
take  the  substance  only  as  they  happen  to  want  it, 
and  others  again  employ  but  a  limited  number  of 
hands.  If,  therefore,  we  strike  an  average,  and 
reduce  the  number  supplying  each  of  the  several 
yards  to  eight,  we  shall  have  240  persons  re- 
gularly engaged  in  the  business:  besides  these,  it 
may  be  said  that  numbers  of  the  starving  and 
destitute  Irish  have  tiken  to  picking  up  the  ma- 


LONDOJ^  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


143 


terial,  but  not  knowing  where  to  sell  it,  or  how  to 
dispose  of  it,  they  part  with  it  for  2d.  or  Zd.  the 
pail-full  to  the  reguhir  purveyors  of  it  to  the  tan- 
yards,  who  of  course  make  a  considerable  profit 
by  the  transaction.  The  children  of  the  poor 
Irish  are  usually  employed  in  this  manner,  but 
they  also  pick  up  rags  and  bones,  and  anything 
ebe  which  may  fall  in  their  way. 

I  have  stated  that  some  of  the  pure-finders, 
especially  the  men,  earn  a  considerable  sum  of 
money  per  week ;  their  gains  are  sometimes  as 
much  as  15*. ;  indeed  I  am  assured  that  seven  years 
ago,  when  they  got  from  Zs.  to  4*.  per  pail  for  the 
pure,  that  many  of  them  would  not  exchange  their  j 
position  with  that  of  the  best  paid  mechanic  in 
London.  Now,  however,  the  cjise  is  altered,  for 
there  are  twenty  now  at  the  business  for  every 
one  who  followed  it  then  ;  hence  each  collects 
80  much  the  less  in  quantity,  and,  moreover, 
from  the  competition  gets  so  much  less  for  the 
article.  Some  of  the  collectors  at  present  do 
not  earn  3^.  per  week,  but  these  are  mostly  old 
women  who  are  feeble  and  unable  to  get  over  the 
ground  quickly  ;  others  make  5s.  and  65.  in  the 
course  of  the  week,  while  the  most  active  and  j 
those  who  clean  out  the  kennels  of  the  dog  fanciers  ! 
may  occasionally  make  9*.  and  I1I*.  and  even  \5s. 
a  week  still,  but  this  is  of  very  nire  occurrence. 
Allowing  the  finders,  one  with  the  other,  to  earn 
on  an  average  5*.  per  week,  it  would  give  the 
annual  earnings  of  each  to  be  13/.,  while  the 
income  of  the  whole  200  would  amount  to  50/.  a 
week,  or  2600/.  per  annum.  The  kennel  "  pure  " 
is  not  much  valued,  indeed  many  of  the  tinners 
will  not  even  buy  it,  the  reason  is  that  the 
dogs  of  the  "  £finciers  "  are  fed  on  almost  any- 
thing, to  save  expense  ;  the  kennel  cleaners  con- 
sequently take  the  precaution  of  mixing  it  with 
what  is  found  in  the  street,  previous  to  offering  it 
for  sale. 

The  pure-finder  may  at  once  be  distinguished 
from  the  bonegrubber  and  rag-gatherer  ;  the 
latter,  as  I  have  before  mentioned,  carries  a  bag, 
and  usually  a  stick  armed  with  a  spike,  while  he 
is  most  frequently  to  be  met  with  in  back  streets, 
narrow  lanes,  yards  and  other  places,  where  dust 
and  rubbish  are  likely  to  be  thrown  out  from  the 
adjacent  houses.  The  pure-finder,  on  the  contrary, 
is  often  found  in  the  open  streets,  as  dogs  wander 
where  they  like.  The  pure-finders  always  carry 
a  handle  basket,  generally  with  a  cover,  to  hide 
the  contents,  and  have  their  right  hand  covered 
with  a  black  leather  glove ;  many  of  them,  how- 
ever, dispense  with  the  glove,  as  they  say  it  is 
much  easier  to  wash  their  hands  than  to  keep  the 
glove  fit  for  use.  The  women  gt-ncnilly  have  a 
large  pocket  fur  the  reception  of  such  rags  as  they 
may  chance  to  fall  in  with,  but  they  pick  up  those 
only  of  the  very  best  quality,  and  will  not  go  out 
of  their  way  to  search  even  for  them.  Thus 
equipped  they  may  be  seen  pursuing  their  avoca- 
tion in  almost  every  street  in  and  about  London, 
excepting  such  streets  as  are  now  cleansed  by 
the  "street  orderlies,"  of  whom  the  pure-finders 
grievously  complain,  as  being  an  unwarrantable 
interference  with  the  privileges  of  their  class. 


The  pure  collected  is  used  by  leather-dressers 
and  tanners,  and  more  especially  by  those  engaged  { 
in  the  manufacture  of  morocco  and  kid  leather 
from  the  skins  of  old  and  young  goats,  of  which 
skins  great  numbers  are  imported,  and  of  the 
roans  and  lixrabskins  which  are  the  sham  morocco 
and  kids  of  the  "  slop "  leather  trade,  and  are 
used  by  the  better  class  of  shoemakers,  book- 
binders, and  glovers,  for  the  inferior  requirements 
of  their  business.  Pure  is  also  used  by  tanners, 
as  is  pigeon's  dung,  for  the  tanning  of  the  thinner 
kinds  of  leather,  such  .is  calf-skins,  for  which 
purpose  it  is  placed  in  pits  with  an  admixture  of 
lime  and  bark. 

In  the  m  inufacture  of  moroccos  and  roans  the 
pure  is  rubbed  by  the  hands  of  the  workman  into 
the  skin  he  is  dressing.  This  is  done  to  "purify" 
the  leather,  I  was  told  by  an  intelligent  leather- 
dresser,  and  from  that  term  the  word  "  pure"  has 
originated.  The  dung  has  astringent  as  well  as 
highly  alkaline,  or,  to  use  the  expression  of  my 
informant,  "  scouring,"  qualities.  "When  the  pure 
has  been  rubbed  into  the  flesh  and  grain  of  the 
skin  (the  "  flesh"  being  originally  the  interior,  and 
the  "grain"  the  exterior  part  of  the  cuticle),  and 
the  skin,  thus  purified,  has  been  hung  up  to  be 
dried,  the  dung  removes,  as  it  were,  all  such 
moisture  as,  if  allowed  to  remain,  would  tend  to 
make  the  leather  unsound  or  imperfectly  dressed. 
This  imperfect  dressing,  moreover,  gives  a  dis- 
greeable  smell  to  the  leather — and  leather-buyers 
often  use  both  nose  and  tongue  in  making  their 
purchases — and  would  consequently  prevent  that 
agreeable  odour  being  imparted  to  the  skin  which 
is  found  in  some  kinds  of  morocco  and  kid.  The 
peculiar  odour  of  the  Russia  leather,  so  agreeable 
in  the  libraries  of  the  rich,  is  derived  from  the 
bark  of  young  birch  trees.  It  is  now  manufac- 
tured in  13ormondsey. 

Among  the  morocco  manufacturers,  especially 
among  the  old  operatives,  there  is  often  a  scarcity 
of  employment,  and  they  then  dress  a  few  roans, 
which  they  hawk  to  the  cheap  warehouses,  or 
sell  to  the  wholesale  shoemakers  on  their  own 
account.  These  men  usually  reside  in  small  gar- 
rets in  the  poorer  parts  of  liermondsey,  and  carry 
on  their  trade  in  their  own  rooms,  using  and 
keeping  the  pure  there;  hence  the  "homes"  of 
these  poor  men  are  peculiarly  uncomfortable,  if 
not  unhealthy.  Some  of  these  poor  fellows  or 
their  wives  collect  the  pure  themselves,  often 
starting  at  daylight  for  the  purpose ;  they  more 
frequently,  however,  buy  it  of  a  regular  finder. 

The  number  of  pure-finders  I  heard  estimated, 
by  a  man  well  acquainted  with  the  tanning  and 
other  departments  of  the  leather  trade,  at  from 
200  to  250.  The  finders,  I  was  informed  by  the 
same  person,  collected  about  a  pail-full  a  day,  clear- 
ing 6<.  a  week  in  the  summer — \s.  and  1j?.  2d. 
being  the  charge  for  a  pail-full  ;  in  the  short  days 
of  winter,  however,  and  in  bad  weather,  they 
could  not  collect  five  pail-fulls  in  a  week. 

In  the  wretched  locality  already  referred  to  as 
lying  between  the  Docks  and  Rosemary-lane,  redo- 
lent of  filth  and  pregnant  with  pestilential  diseases, 
and  whither  all  the  outcasts  of  the  metropolitan 


144 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


population  seem  to  be  drawn,  either  in  the  hope  of 
finding  fitting  associates  and  companions  in  their 
wretchedness  (for  there  is  doubtlessly  something 
attractive  and  agreeable  to  them  in  such  companion- 
ship), or  else  for  the  purpose  of  hiding  themselves 
and  their  shifts  and  struggles  for  existence  from  the 
world,— in  this  dismal  quarter,  and  branching  from 
one  of  the  many  narrow  lanes  which  interlace  it, 
there  is  a  little  court  with  about  half-a-dozen 
houses  of  the  very  smallest  dimensions,  consisting 
of  merely  two  rooms,  one  over  the  other.  Here 
in  one  of  the  upper  rooms  (the  lower  one  of  the 
same  house  being  occupied  by  another  family  and 
apparently  filled  with  little  r.agged  children),  I 
discerned,  after  considerable  difficulty,  an  old 
woman,  a  Pure-finder.  When  I  opened  the  door 
the  little  light  that  struggled  through  the  small 
window,  the  many  broken  panes  of  which  were 
stuffed  with  old  rags,  was  not  sufficient  to  enable 
me  to  perceive  who  or  what  was  in  the  room. 
After  a  short  time,  however,  I  began  to  make  out 
an  old  chair  standing  near  the  fire-place,  and  then 
to  discover  a  poor  old  woman  resembling  a  bundle 
of  rags  and  filth  stretched  on  some  dirty  straw  in 
the  corner  of  the  apartment.  The  place  was  bare 
and  almost  naked.  There  was  nothing  in  it  ex- 
cept a  couple  of  old  tin  kettles  and  a  basket,  and 
some  broken  crockeryware  in  the  recess  of  the 
window.  To  my  astonishment  I  found  this 
wretched  creature  to  be,  to  a  certain  extent,  a 
"superior"  woman ;  she  could  read  and  write  well, 
spoke  correctly,  and  appeared  to  have  been  a 
person  of  natural  good  sense,  though  broken  up 
with  age,  want,  and  infirmity,  so  that  she  was 
characterized  by  all  that  dull  and  hardened 
stupidity  of  manner  which  I  have  noticed  in  the 
class.     She  made  the  following  statement : — 

"  I  am  about  60  years  of  age.  My  father  was  a 
milkman,  and  very  well  off;  he  had  a  barn  and  a 
great  many  cows.  I  was  kept  at  school  till  I  was 
thirteen  or  fourteen  years  of  age ;  about  that 
time  my  father  died,  and  then  I  was  taken  home 
to  help  my  mother  in  the  business.  After  a 
while  things  went  wrong ;  the  cows  began  to  die, 
and  mother,  alleging  she  could  not  manage  the 
business  herself,  married  again,  I  soon  found  out 
the  difference.  Glad  to  get  away,  anywhere  out 
of  the  house,  I  married  a  sailor,  and  was  verj"- 
comfortable  with  him  for  some  years ;  as  he  made 
short  voyages,  and  was  often  at  home,  and  always 
left  me  half  his  pay.  At  last  he  was  pressed, 
when  at  home  with  me,  and  sent  away ;  I  forget 
now  where  he  was  sent  to,  but  I  never  saw  him 
from  that  day  to  this.  The  only  thing  I  know  is 
that  some  sailors  came  to  me  four  or  five  years 
after,  and  told  me  that  he  deserted  from  the  ship 
in  which  he  had  gone  out,  and  got  on  board  the 
Neptune,  East  Indiaman,  bound  for  Bombay, 
where  he  acted  as  boatswain's  mate;  some 
little  time  afterwards,  he  had  got  intoxicated 
while  the  ship  was  lying  in  harbour,  and,  going 
down  the  side  to  get  into  a  bumboat,  and  buy  more 
drink,  he  had  fallen  overboard  and  was  drowned. 
I  got  some  money  that  was  due  to  him  from  the 
India  House,  and,  after  that  was  all  gone,  I  went 
into    service,    in    the    Mile-eud    Road.      There  I 


I  stayed  for  several  years,  till  I  met  my  second 
husband,  who  was  bred  to  the  water,  too,  but  as 
a  waterman  on  the  river.  We  did  very  well 
together  for  a  long  time,  till  he  lost  his  'health. 
He  became  paralyzed  like,  and  was  deprived  of 
the  use  of  all  one  side,  and  nearly  lost  the  sight 
of  one  of  his  eyes ;  this  was  not  very  con- 
spicuous at  first,  but  when  we  came  to  get  pinched, 
and  to  be  badly  off,  then  any  one  might  have  seen 
that  there  was  something  the  matter  with  his 
eye.  Then  we  parted  with  everything  we  had  in  the 
world ;  and,  at  last,  when  we  had  no  other  means 
of  living  left,  we  were  advised  to  take  to  gathering 
*  Pure.'  At  first  I  couldn't  endure  the  business ;  I 
couldn't  bear  to  eat  a  morsel,  and  I  was  obliged  to 
discontinue  it  for  a  long  time.  My  husband  kept  j 
at  it  though,  for  he  could  do  that  well  enough, 
only  he  couldn't  walk  as  fast  as  he  ought.  He 
couldn't  lift  his  hands  as  high  as  his  head,  but  he 
managed  to  work  under  him,  and  so  put  the  Pure 
in  the  basket.  When  I  saw  that  he,  poor  fellow, 
couldn't  make  enough  to  keep  us  both,  I  took 
heart  and  went  out  again,  and  used  to  gather 
more  than  he  did ;  that 's  fifteen  years  ago  now ; 
the  times  were  good  then,  and  we  used  to  do  very 
well.  If  we  only  gathered  a  pail-fuU  in  the  daj-, 
we  could  live  very  well ;  but  we  could  do  much 
more  than  that,  for  there  wasn't  near  so  many  at 
the  business  then,  and  the  Pure  was  easier  to  be 
had.  For  my  part  I  can't  tell  where  all  the  poor 
creatures  have  come  from  of  late  years ;  the  world 
seems  growing  worse  and  worse  every  day.  They 
have  pulled  down  the  price  of  Pure,  that 's  certain ; 
but  the  poor  things  must  do  something,  they  can't 
starve  while  there's  anything  to  be  got.  Why, 
no  later  than  six  or  seven  years  ago,  it  was  as 
high  as  3^.  Qd.  and  45.  a  pail-full,  and  a  ready  sale 
for  as  much  of  it  as  you  could  get ;  but  now  you 
can  only  get  Is.  and  in  some  places  Is.  2d.  a 
pail-full ;  and,  as  I  said  before,  tliere  are  so  many 
at  it,  that  there  is  not  much  left  for  a  poor  old 
creature  like  me  to  find.  The  men  that  are  strong 
and  smart  get  the  most,  of  course,  and  some  of 
them  do  very  well,  at  least  they  manage  to  live. 
Six  years  ago,  my  husband  complained  that  he 
was  ill,  in  the  evening,  and  laj-  down  in  the  bed — 
we  lived  in  Whitechapel  then — he  took  a  fit  of 
coughing,  and  was  smothered  in  his  own  blood. 

0  dear  "  (tlie  poor  old  soul  here  ejaculated),  "  what 
troubles  I  have  gone  through!  I  had  eight  chil- 
dren at  one  time,  and  there  is  not  one  of  them 
alive  now.  My  daughter  lived  to  30  years  of 
age,  and  then  she  died  in  childbirth,  and,  since 
then,  I  have  had  nobody  in  the  wide  world  to 
care  for  me — none  but  myself,  all  alone  as  I  am. 
After  my  husband's  death  I  couldn't  do  much, 
and  all  my  things  went  away,  one  by  one,  until 
I've  nothing  but  bare  walls,  and  that's  the 
reason  why  I  was  vexed  at  first  at  your  coming  in, 
sir.  I  was  yesterday  out  all  day,  and  went  round 
Aldgate,  Whitechapel,  St.  George's  East,  Stepney, 
Bow,  and  Bromley,  and  then  came  home ;  after 
that,  I  went  over  to  Berraondsey,  and  there  I  got 
only  6d.  for  my  pains.  To-day  I  wasn't  out  at 
all ;  I  wasn't  well ;  I  had  a  bad  headache,  and 

1  'm  so  much  afraid  of  the  fevers  that  are  all  aboit 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


145 


Ijere — though  I  don't  know  why  I  should  be 
afraid  of  them — I  was  lying  down,  when  you 
came,  to  get  rid  of  my  pains.  There 's  such  a  diz- 
siness  in  my  head  now,  I  feel  as  if  it  didn't  belong 
to  me.  Ko,  I  have  earned  no  money  today.  I 
have  had  a  piece  of  dried  bread  that  I  steeped  in 
water  to  eat.  I  haven't  eat  anything  else  to-day  ; 
)[)at,  pray,  sir,  don't  tell  anybody  of  ir.  I  could 
never  bear  the  thought  of  going  into  the  '  great 
house'  [workhouse]  ;  I'm  so  used  to  the  air,  that 
I  'd  sooner  die  in  the  street,  as  many  I  know  have 
done.  I've  known  several  of  our  people,  who 
have  sat  down  in  the  street  with  their  basket 
alongside  them,  and  died.  I  knew  one  not  long 
ago,  who  took  ill  just  as  she  was  stooping  down 
to  gather  up  the  Pure,  and  fell  on  her  face ;  she 
was  taken  to  the  London  Hospital,  and  died  at 
three  o'clock  in  the  morning.  I  'd  sooner  die  like 
them  than  be  deprived  of  my  liberty,  and  be  pre- 
vented from  going  about  where  I  liked.  No,  I  '11 
never  go  into  the  workhouse ;  my  master  is  kind 
to  me"  [the  tanner  whom  she  supplies].  "  When 
I  'ra  ill,  he  sometimes  gives  me  a  sixpence ;  but 
there 's  one  gentleman  has  done  us  great  harm,  by 
forcing  so  many  into  the  business.  He 's  a  poor- 
law  guardian,  and  when  any  poor  person  applies 
for  relief,  he  tells  them  to  go  and  gather  Pure, 
and  that  he'll  buy  it  of  them  (for  he's  in  the 
line),  and  so  the  parish,  you  see,  don't  have  to 
give  anything,  and  that 's  one  way  that  so  many 
nave  come  into  the  trade  of  late,  that  the  likes  of 
me  can  do  little  or  no  good  at  it.  Almost  every 
one  I  've  ever  known  engaged  at  Pure-finding  were 
people  who  were  better  off  once.  I  knew  a  man 
who  went  by  the  name  of  Brown,  who  picked  up 
Pure  for  years  before  I  went  to  it ;  he  was  a  very 
quiet  man  ;  he  used  to  lodge  in  Blue  Anchor-yard, 
and  seldom  used  to  speak  to  anybody.  We  two 
used  to  talk  together  sometimes,  but  never  much. 
One  morning  he  was  found  dead  in  his  bed  ;  it 
was  of  a  Tuesday  morning,  and  he  was  buried 
about  12  o'clock  on  the  Friday  following.  About 
6  o'clock  on  that  afternoon,  three  or  four  gentle- 
men came  searching  all  through  this  place,  looking 
for  a  man  named  Brown,  and  ofiering  a  reward  to 
any  who  would  find  him  out;  there  was  a  whole 
crowd  about  them  when  I  came  up.  One  of  the 
gentlemen  said  that  the  man  they  wanted  liad  lost 
the  first  finger  of  his  right  hand,  and  then  I  knew 
that  it  was  the  man  that  had  been  buried  only 
that  morning.  Would  you  believe  it,  Mr.  Brown 
was  a  real  gentleman  all  the  time,  and  had 
a  luge  estate,  of  I  don't  know  how  man v  thousand 
|K>unds,  just  left  him,  and  the  lawyers  had  adver- 
tised and  searched  everywhere  for  him,  but  never 
found  him,  you  may  say,  till  ho  was  dead.  We 
discovered  that  bis  name  was  not  Brown ;  he  had 
only  taken  that  name  to  bide  bis  real  one,  which, 
of  Goane,  he  did  not  want  any  one  to  know.  I  've 
often  thought  of  him,  poor  man,  and  all  the  misery 
he  micht  have  been  spared,  if  tlie  good  news  had 
01'  \  ••ar  or  two  sooner." 

tormant,  a  Purexollector,  was  ori- 
gi  Mancbeater  cotton  '—■*■■  --H  '   '' 

K  nation  in  a  large  ( 

1  .  nrv  on.-   vear  ex« 


his  regular  income  was  150^  "  This,"  he  says, 
"  I  lost  through  drink  and  neglect.  My  master 
was  exceedingly  kind  to  me,  and  has  even  assisted 
me  since  I  left  his  employ.  He  bore  with  me 
patiently  for  many  years,  but  the  love  of  drink 
was  80  strong  upon  me  that  it  was  impossible  for 
him  to  keep  me  any  longer."  He  has  often  been 
drunk,  he  tells  me,  for  three  months  together  ; 
and  he  is  now  so  reduced  that  he  is  ashamed  to 
be  seen.  When  at  his  master's  it  was  his  duty 
to  carve  and  help  the  other  assistants  belonging 
to  the  establishment,  and  his  hand  used  to  shake 
80  violently  that  he  has  been  ashamed  to  lift  the 
gravy  spoon. 

At  breakfast  he  has  frequently  waited  till  all 
the  young  men  had  left  the  table  before  he  ven- 
tured to  taste  his  tea  ;  and  immediately,  when  he 
was  alone,  he  has  bent  his  head  down  to  his  cup 
to  drink,  being  utterly  incapable  of  raising  it  to 
his  lips.  He  says  he  is  a  living  example  of  the 
degrading  influence  of  drink.  All  his  friends 
have  deserted  him.  He  has  suffered  enough,  he 
tells  me,  to  make  him  give  it  up.  He  earned  the 
week  before  I  saw  him  6s.  'M. ;  and  the  week 
before  that,  6s. 

13efore  leaving  me  I  prevailed  upon  the  man  to 
"  take  the  pledge."  Tiiis  is  now  eighteen  months 
ago,  and  I  have  not  seen  him  since. 

Of  the  Cigar-end  Finders. 
There  are,  strictly  speaking,  none  who  make  a 
living  by  picking  up  the  ends  of  cigars  thrown 
away  as  useless  by  the  smokers  in  the  streets, 
but  there  are  very  many  who  employ  themselves 
from  time  to  timein  collecting  them.  Almost  all  the 
street-finders,  when  they  meet  with  such  things, 
pick  them  up,  and  keep  them  in  a  pocket  set 
apart  for  that  purpose.  The  men  allow  the  ends 
to  accumulate  till  they  amount  to  two  or  three 
pounds  weight,  and  then  some  dispose  of  them  to  a 
person  residing  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Rose- 
mary-lane, who  buys  them  all  up  at  from  M.  to 
\0(L  per  pound,  according  to  their  length  and 
quality.  The  long  ends  ai-e  considered  the  best, 
as  I  am  told  there  is  more  sound  tobacco  in  them, 
uninjured  by  the  moisture  of  the  mouth.  The 
children  of  the  poor  Irish,  in  particular,  scour 
Ratcliff-highway,  the  Commercial-road,  Wile-end- 
road,  and  all  the  leading  thoroughfares  of  the 
East,  and  every  place  where  cigar  smokers  are 
likely  to  take  an  evening's  promenade.  The 
quantity  that  each  of  them  collects  is  very  trifling 
indeed  —  perhaps  not  more  than  a  handful  during 
a  morning's  search.  I  am  informed,  by  an  intelli- 
gent man  living  in  the  midst  of  them,  that  these 
children  go  out  in  tiie  morning  not  only  to  gather 
cigar-ends,  but  to  pick  up  out  of  dust  bins,  and 
from  amongst  rubbish  in  the  streets,  the  smallest 
scraps  and  crusts  of  bread,  no  matter  how  hard 
or  filthy  they  may  be.  These  they  put  into  a 
little  bag  which  they  carry  for  the  purpose,  and, 
after  they  have  gone  theirroundsand  collected  what- 
ever they  can,  they  take  the  cigar-ends  to  the  man 
•  '  '  tliem — sometimes  getting  not  more  than 
or  a  penny  for  their  morning's  coUec- 
!|ii«  thry  buy  h  hairpenny  or  a  penny 


146 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


worth  of  oatmeal,  which  they  mix  up  with  a  large 
quantity  of  water,  and  after  washing  and  steeping 
the  hard  and  dirty  crusts,  they  put  them  into  the 
pot  or  kettle  and  boil  all  together.  Of  this  mass 
the  whole  family  partake,  and  it  often  constitutes 
all  the  food  they  taste  in  the  course  of  the  day. 

1  have  often  seen  the  bone-grubbers  eat  the  black 
and  soddened  crusts  they  have  picked  up  out  of 
the  gutter. 

It  would,  indeed,  be  a  hopeless  task  to  make 
any  attempt  to  get  at  the  number  of  persons  who 
occasionally  or  otherwise  pick  up  cigar-ends  with 
the  view  of  selling  them  again.  For  this  purpose 
almost  all  who  ransack  the  streets  of  London  for  a 
living  may  be  computed  as  belonging  to  the  class; 
and  to  these  should  be  added  the  children  of  the 
thousands  of  destitute  Irish  who  have  inundated 
the  metropolis  within  the  last  few  years,  and  who 
are  to  be  found  huddled  together  in  all  the  low 
neighbourhoods  in  every  suburb  of  the  City. 
What  quantity  is  collected,  or  the  amount  of 
money  obtained  for  the  ends,  there  are  no  means 
of  ascertaining. 

Let  us,  however,  make  a  conjecture.  There  are 
in  round  numbers  300,000  inhabited  houses  in  the 
metropolis  ;  and  allowing  the  married  people  living 
in  apartments  to  be  equal  in  number  to  the  un- 
married "'  housekeepers,"  we  may  compute  that  the 
number  of  families  in  London  is  about  the  same 
as  the  inhabited  houses.  Assuming  one  young  or 
old  gentleman  in  every  ten  of  these  families  to 
smoke  one  cigar  per  diem  in  the  public  thorough- 
fares, we  have  30,000  cigar-ends  daily,  or  210,000 
weekly  cast  away  in  the  London  streets.  Now, 
reckoning  150  cigars  to  go  to  a  pound,  we  may 
assume  that  each  end  so  cast  away  weighs  about 
the  thousandth  part  of  a  pound ;  consequently 
the  gross  weight  of  the  ends  flung  into  the  gutter 
will,  in  the  course  of  the  week,  amount  to  about 

2  cwt. ;  and  calculating  that  only  a  sixth  part  of 
these  are  picked  up  by  the  finders,  it  follows 
that  there  is  very  nearly  a  ton  of  refuse  tobacco 
collected  annually  in  the  metropolitan  thorough- 
fares. 

The  aristocratic  quarters  of  the  City  and  the 
vicinity  of  theatres  and  casinos  are  the  best  for 
the  cigar-end  finders.  In  the  Strand,  Regent- 
street,  and  the  more  fashionable  thoroughfares, 
I  am  told,  there  are  many  ends  picked  up  ;  but 
even  in  these  places  they  do  not  exclusively 
furnish  a  means  of  living  to  any  of  the  finders. 
All  the  collectors  sell  them  to  some  other  person, 
who  acts  as  middle-man  in  the  business.  How 
he  disposes  of  the  ends  is  unknown,  but  it  is 
supposed  that  they  are  resold  to  some  of  the 
large  manufacturers  of  cigars,  and  go  to  form  the 
component  part  of  a  new  stock  of  the  "  best 
Havannahs  ;  "  or,  in  other  words,  they  are  worked 
up  again  to  be  again  castaway,  and  again  collected 
by  the  finders,  and  so  on  perhaps,  till  the  millen- 
nium comes.  Some  suppose  them  to  be  cut  up  and 
mixed  with  the  common  smoking  tobacco,  and 
others  that  they  are  used  in  making  snufF.  There 
are,  I  am  assured,  five  persons  residing  in  different 
parts  of  London,  who  are  known  to  purchase  the 
cigar-ends. 


In  Naples  the  sale  of  cigar-ends  is  a  regular 
street-traffic,  the  street-seller  carrying  them  in  a 
small  box  suspended  round  the  neck.  In  Paris, 
also,  le  Remasseur  de  Cigares  is  a  well-known 
occupation  :  the  "  ends"  thus  collected  are  sold  as 
cheap  tobacco  to  the  poor.  In  the  low  lodging- 
houses  of  London  the  ends,  when  dried,  are  cut 
up,  and  frequently  vended  by  the  finders  to  such 
of  their  fellow-lodgers  as  are  anxious  to  enjoy 
their  pipe  at  the  cheapest  possible  rate. 

Of  the  Old  Wood  Gathereks. 
All  that  has  been  said  of  the  cigar-end  finders 
may,  in  a  great  measure,  apply  to  the  wood- 
gatherers.  No  one  can  make  a  living  exclusively 
by  the  gathering  of  wood,  and  those  who  do  gather 
it,  gather  as  well  rags,  bones,  and  bits  of  metal. 
They  gather  it,  indeed,  as  an  adjunct  to  their 
other  findings,  en  the  principle  that  "  every  little 
helps."  Those,  however,  who  most  frequently  look 
for  wood  are  the  very  old  and  feeble,  and  the  very 
young,  who  are  both  unable  to  travel  far,  or  to 
carry  a  heavy  burden,  and  they  may  occasionally 
be  seen  crawling  about  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
any  new  buildings  in  the  course  of  construction,  or 
old  ones  in  the  course  of  demolition,  and  picking  up 
small  odds  and  ends  of  wood  and  chips  swept  out 
amongst  dirt  and  shavings  ;  these  they  deposit  in  a 
bag  or  basket  which  they  carry  for  that  purpose. 
Should  there  happen  to  be  what  they  call  "  puU- 
ing-down  work,"  that  is,  taking  down  old  houses, 
or  palings,  the  place  is  immediately  beset  by  a 
number  of  wood-gatherers,  young  and  old,  and 
in  general  all  the  poor  people  of  the  locality  join 
with  them,  to  obtain  their  share  of  the  spoil. 
What  the  poor  get  they  take  home  and  burn,  but 
the  wood-gatherers  sell  all  they  procure  for  some 
small  trifle. 

Some  short  time  ago  a  portion  of  the  wood-pave- 
ment in  the  city  was  being  removed ;  a  large  num- 
ber of  the  old  blocks,  which  were  much  worn  and 
of  no  further  use,  were  thrown  aside,  and  became 
the  perquisite  of  the  wood-gatherers.  During  the 
repair  of  the  street,  the  spot  was  constantly  be- 
sieged by  a  motley  mob  of  men,  women,  and  chil- 
dren, who,  in  many  instances,  struggled  and  fought 
for  the  wood  rejected  as  worthless.  This  wood 
they  either  sold  for  a  trifle  as  they  got  it,  or  took 
home  and  split,  and  made  into  bundles  for  sale 
as  firewood. 

All  the  mudlarks  (of  whom  I  shall  treat 
specially)  pick  up  wood  and  chips  on  the  bank  of 
the  river ;  these  they  sell  to  poor  people  in  their 
own  neighbourhood.  They  sometimes  "find" 
large  pieces  of  a  greater  weight  than  they  can 
carry ;  in  such  cases  they  get  some  other  mud- 
lark to  help  them  with  the  load,  and  the  two 
"go  halves"  in  the  produce.  The  only  parties 
among  the  street-finders  who  do  not  pick  up  wood 
are  the  Pure-collectors  and  the  sewer-hunters,  or, 
as  they  call  themselves,  shore-workers,  both  of 
whom  pass  it  by  as  of  no  value. 

It  is  impossible  to  estimate  the  quantity  of 
wood  which  is  thus  gathered,  or  what  the  amount 
may  be  which  the  collector  realizes  in  the  course 
of  the  year. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


147 


Or  THX  Drkdoebs,  or  River  Finders. 

The  dredgermen  of  the  Thames,  or  river  finders, 
naturally  occupy  the  same  place  with  reference 
to  the  street-finders,  as  the  purlmen  or  river  beer- 
sellers  do  to  those  who  get  their  living  by  selling 
in  the  streets.  It  would  be  in  itself  a  curious 
inquiry  to  trace  the  origin  of  the  manifold  occu- 
pations in  which  men  are  found  to  be  engaged  in 
the  present  day,  and  to  note  how  promptly  every 
circumstance  and  occurrence  was  laid  hold  of,  as  it 
happened  to  arise,  which  appeared  to  have  any 
tendency  to  open  up  a  new  occupation,  and  to 
mark  the  gradual  progress,  till  it  became  a  regu- 
larly-established employment,  followed  by  a 
separate  class  of  people,  fenced  round  by  rules 
and  customs  of  their  own,  and  who  at  length  grew 
to  be  both  in  their  habits  and  peculiarities  plainly 
distinct  from  the  other  classes  among  whom  they 
chanced  to  be  located. 

There  has  been  no  historian  among  the  dredgers 
of  the  Thames  to  record  the  commencement  of  the 
business,  and  the  utmost  that  any  of  the  river- 
fiiiderg  ciin  tell  is  that  his  father  had  been  a 
dredger,  and  so  had  his  father  before  him,  and  that 
that  '$  the  reason  why  they  are  dredgers  also.  But 
no  such  people  as  dredgers  were  known  on  the 
Thames  in  remote  days ;  and  before  London  had  be- 
come an  important  trading  port,  where  nothing  was 
likely  to  be  got  for  the  searching,  it  is  not  probable 
that  people  would  have  been  induced  to  search.  In 
those  days,  the  only  things  searched  for  in  the  river 
were  the  bodies  of  pyersons  drowned,  accidentally 
or  otherwise.  For  this  purpose,  the  Thames 
fishermen  of  all  others,  appeared  to  be  the  best 
adapted.  They  were  on  the  spot  at  all  times,  and 
had  various  sorts  of  tackle,  such  as  nets,  lines, 
books,  &c.  The  fishermen  well  understood  every- 
thing connected  with  the  river,  such  as  the  various 
%eU  of  the  tide,  and  the  nature  of  the  bottom,  and 
they  were  therefore  on  such  occasions  invariably 
applied  to  for  these  purposes. 

It  is  known  to  all  who  remember  anything  of 
Old  London  Bridge,  that  at  certiin  times  of  the 
tide,  in  consequence  of  the  velocity  with  which 
the  water  nuhed  through  the  narrow  apertures 
which  the  arches  then  afforded  for  its  passage, 
to  bring  a  boat  in  safety  through  the  bridge 
was  a  feat  to  be  attempted  only  by  the  skilful  and 
experienced.  This  feat  was  known  as  "  shoot- 
ing" London  Bridge;  and  it  was  no  unusual 
thing  for  accidents  to  bappt'n  even  to  the  most 
expert  In  fact,  numeroiu  accidents  occurred  at 
this  bridge,  and  at  such  times  valuable  articles 
were  sometimes  lost,  for  which  high  rewards  were 
offered  to  the  finder.  Here  again  the  fishermen 
came  into  requisition,  the  small  drag-net,  which 
thej  u«ed  while  rowing,  offering  itself  for  the 
purpose ;  for,  by  fixing  an  iron  frame  round  the 
mouth  of  the  dragnet,  this  part  of  it,  from  its 
specific  gravity,  sunk  first  to  the  bottom,  and  con- 
sequently scraped  along  aa  they  pulled  forward, 
collecting  into  the  net  everything  that  came  in  its 
w»y  ;  when  it  was  nearly  filled,  which  the  rower 
always  knew  by  the  weight,  it  was  hauled  up  to 


the  surface,  its  contents  examined,  and  the  object 
lost  generally  recovered. 

It  is  thus  apparent  that  the  fishermen  of  the 
Thames  were  the  men  originally  employed  as 
dredgermen ;  though  casually,  indeed,  at  first, 
and  according  as  circumstances  occurred  requiring 
their  services.  By  degrees,  however,  as  the  com- 
merce of  the  river  increased,  and  a  greater  number 
of  articles  fell  overboard  from  the  shipping,  they 
came  to  be  more  frequently  called  into  requisition, 
and  80  they  were  naturally  led  to  adopt  the 
dredging  as  part  and  parcel  of  their  business. 
Thus  it  remains  to  the  present  day. 

The  fishermen  all  serve  a  regular  apprentice- 
ship, as  they  say  themselves,  "  duly  and  truly  " 
for  seven  years.  During  the  time  of  their  ap- 
prenticeship they  are  (or  rather,  in  former  times 
they  were)  obliged  to  sleep  in  their  master's  boat 
at  night  to  take  care  of  his  property,  and  were 
subject  to  many  other  curious  regulations,  which 
are  foreign  to  this  subject. 

I  have  said  that  the  fishermen  of  the  Thames 
to  the  present  day  unite  the  dredging  to  their 
proper  calling.  By  this  I  mean  that  they  employ 
themselves  in  fishing  during  the  summer  and 
autumn,  either  from  Barking  Creek  downwards, 
or  from  Chelsea  Reach  upwards,  catching  dabs, 
flounders,  eels,  and  other  sorts  of  fish  for  the 
London  markets.  But  in  winter  when  the  days 
are  short  and  cold,  and  the  weather  stormy,  they 
prefer  stopping  at  home,  and  dredging  the  bed  of 
the  river  for  anything  they  may  chance  to  find. 
There  are  others,  however,  wh»  have  started 
wholly  in  the  dredging  line,  there  being  no  hin- 
drance or  impediment  to  any  one  doing  so,  nor  any 
licence  required  for  the  purpose  :  these  dredge  the 
river  winter  and  summer  alike,  and  are,  in  fact, 
the  only  real  dredgermen  of  the  present  day 
living  solely  by  that  occupation. 

There  are  in  all  about  100  dredgermen  at  work 
on  the  river,  and  these  are  located  as  follows  : — 

Dredger- 
men. 
From  Putney  to  Vauxhall  there  are  .  20 
From  Vauxhall  to  London-bridge  .  .  40 
From  London-bridge  to  Deptford  .  .  20 
And  from  Deptford  to  Gravesend      .     .     20 

100 
All  these  reside,  in  general,  on  the  south 
side  of  the  Thames,  the  two  places  most  fre- 
quented by  them  being  Lambeth  and  Rother- 
hiihe.  They  do  not,  however,  confine  themselves 
to  the  neighbourhoods  wherein  they  reside,  but 
extend  their  operations  to  all  parts  of  the  river, 
where  it  is  likely  that  they  may  pick  up  any- 
thing ;  and  it  is  perfectly  marvellous  with  what 
rapidity  the  intelligence  of  any  accident  calculated 
to  afford  them  employment  is  spread  among  them ; 
for  should  a  loaded  coal  barge  be  sunk  over  night, 
by  daylight  the  next  morning  every  drcdgerman 
would  bo  sure  to  be  upon  the  spot,  prepared  to 
collect  what  he  could  from  the  wreck  at  the 
bottom  of  the  river. 

The  boats  of  the  dredgermen  are  of  a  peculiar 
shape.     They  have  no  stern,  but  are  the  same 


148 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


fore  and  aft.  They  are  called  Peter  boats,  but 
not  one  of  the  men  with  whom  I  spoke  had  the 
least  idea  as  to  the  origin  of  the  name.  These  boats 
are  to  be  had  at  almost  all  prices,  according  to  their 
condition  and  age — from  30^.  to  20^.  The  boats 
used  by  the  fishermen  dredgermen  are  decidedly 
the  most  valuable.  One  with  the  other,  perhaps 
the  whole  may  average  10^.  each  ;  and  this  sum 
will  give  lOuO/.  as  the  value  of  the  entire  number. 
A  complete  set  of  tackle,  including  drags,  will 
cost  2L,  which  comes  to  200/.  for  all  hands ;  and 
thus  we  have  the  sum  of  1200/.  as  the  amount 
of  capital  invested  in  the  dredging  of  the  Thames. 

It  is  by  no  means  an  easy  matter  to  form  any 
estimate  of  the  earnings  of  the  dredgermen,  as  they 
are  a  matter  of  mere  chance.  In  former  years, 
when  Indiamen  and  all  the  foreign  shipping  lay 
in  the  river,  the  river  finders  were  in  the  habit  of 
doing  a  good  business,  not  only  in  their  own  line, 
through  the  greater  quantities  of  rope,  bones,  and 
other  things  which  then  were  thrown  or  fell  over- 
board, but  they  also  contrived  to  smuggle  ashore 
great  quantities  of  tobacco,  tea,  spirits,  and  other 
contraband  articles,  and  thought  it  a  bad  day's 
work  when  they  did  not  earn  a  pound  inde- 
pendent of  their  dredging.  An  old  dredger  told 
me  he  had  often  in  those  days  made  51.  before 
breakfast  time.  After  the  excavation  of  the  va- 
rious docks,  and  after  the  larger  shipping  had 
departed  from  the  river,  the  finders  were  obliged 
to  content  themselves  with  the  chances  of  mere 
dredging;  and  even  then,  I  am  informed,  they 
were  in  the  habit  of  earning  one  week  with 
another  throughout  the  year,  about  25s.  per  week, 
each,  or  65007.  per  annum  among  all.  Latterly, 
however,  the  earnings  of  these  men  have  greatly 
fallen  oiF,  especially  in  the  summer,  for  then  thej"^ 
cannot  get  so  good  a  price  for  the  coal  they  find 
as  in  the  winter — Qd.  per  bushel  being  the  sum- 
mer price ;  and,  as  they  consider  three  bushels  a 
good  day's  work,  their  earnings  at  this  period  of 
the  year  amount  only  to  \s.  6d  per  day,  except- 
ing when  they  happen  to  pick  up  some  bones  or 
pieces  of  metal,  or  to  find  a  dead  body  for  which 
there  is  a  reward.  In  the  winter,  however,  the 
dredgermen  can  readily  get  1«.  per  bushel  for  all 
the  coals  they  find  ;  and  far  more  coals  are  to  be 
found  then  than  in  summer,  for  there  are  more 
colliers  in  the  river,  and  far  more  accidents  at 
that  season.  Coal  barges  are  often  sunk  in  the 
winter,  and  on  such  occasions  they  make  a  good 
harvest.  Moreover  there  is  the  finding  of  bodies, 
for  which  they  not  only  get  the  reward,  but  65., 
which  they  call  inquest  money ;  together  with 
many  other  chances,  such  as  the  finding  of  money 
and  valuables  among  the  rubbish  they  bring  up 
from  the  bottom ;  but  as  the  last-mentioned  are 
accidents  happening  throughout  the  year,  I  am 
inclined  to  think  that  they  have  understated  the 
amount  which  they  are  in  the  habit  of  realizing 
even  in  the  summer. 

The  dredgers,  as  a  class,  may  be  said  to  be 
altogether  uneducated,  not  half  a  dozen  out  of 
the  whole  number  being  able  to  read  their  own 
name,  and  only  one  or  two  to  write  it ;  this  se- 
l^'ct    fpw  are   considered    by  \\\it   re«t   as  perfect 


prodigies.     "Lor'  bless  you!"  said  one,  "I  on'y 

wish  you  'd  'ear  Bill  S read  ;  I  on'y  jist  wish 

you'd  'car  him.  Why  that  ere  13111  can  read 
faster  nor  a  dog  can  trot.  And,  what 's  more,  I 
seed  hira  write  an  ole  letter  hisself,  ev'ry  word  on 
it  !  What  do  you  think  0'  that  now  1"  The  igno- 
rance of  the  dredgermen  may  be  accounted  for 
by  the  men  taking  so  early  to  the  water ;  the 
bustle  and  excitement  of  the  river  being  far  more 
attractive  to  them  than  the  routine  of  a  school. 
Almost  as  soon  as  they  are  able  to  do  anything, 
the  dredgermen's  boys  are  taken  by  their  fathers 
afloat  to  assist  in  picking  out  the  coals,  bones, 
and  other  things  of  any  use,  from  the  midst  of 
the  rubbish  brought  up  in  their  drag-nets  ;  or  else 
the  lads  are  sent  on  board  as  assistants  to  one  or 
other  of  the  fishermen  during  their  fishing  voy- 
ages. When  once  engaged  in  this  way  it  has  been 
found  impossible  afterwards  to  keep  the  youths  from 
the  water;  and  if  they  have  learned  anything 
previously  they  very  soon  forget  it. 

It  might  be  expected  that  the  dredgers,  in  a 
manner  depending  on  chance  for  their  livelihood, 
and  leading  a  restless  sort  of  life  on  the  Avater, 
would  closely  resemble  the  costerraongers  in  their 
habits  ;  but  it  is  far  otherwise.  There  can  be  no  two 
classes  more  dissimilar,  except  in  their  hatred  of 
restraint.  The  dredgers  are  sober  and  steady ; 
gambling  is  unknown  .amongst  them;  and  they 
are,  to  an  extraordinary  degree,  laborious,  perse- 
vering, and  patient.  They  are  in  general  men  of 
short  stature,  but  square  built,  strong,  and  capable 
of  enduring  great  fatigue,  and  have  a  silent  and 
thoughtful  look.  Being  almost  always  alone,  and 
studying  how  they  may  best  succeed  in  finding 
what  they  seek,  marking  the  various  sets  of  the 
tide,  and  the  direction  in  which  things  falling 
into  the  water  at  a  particular  place  must  neces- 
sarily be  carried,  the}'  become  the  very  opposite 
to  the  other  river  people,  especially  to  the  water- 
men, who  are  brawling  and  clamorous,  and  de- 
light in  continually  "chaffing"  each  other.  In 
consequence  of  the  sober  and  industrious  habits 
of  the  dredgermen  their  homes  are,  as  they  say, 
"  pretty  fair  "  foi;^  working  men,  though  there  is 
nothing  very  luxurious  to  be  found  in  them,  nor 
indeed  anything  beyond  what  is  absolutely  ne- 
cessary. After  their  day's  work,  especially  if 
they  have  "  done  well,"  these  men  smoke  a  pipe 
over  a  pint  or  two  of  beer  at  the  nearest  public- 
house,  get  home  early  to  bed,  and  if  the  tide 
answers  may  be  found  on  the  river  patiently 
dredging  away  at  two  or  three  o'clock  in  the 
morning. 

Whenever  a  loaded  coal  barge  happens  to  sink, 
as  I  have  already  intimated,  it  is  surprising  how 
short  a  time  elapses  before  that  part  of  the  river 
is  alive  with  the  dredgers.  They  flock  thither 
from  all  parts.  The  river  on  such  occasions  pre- 
sents a  very  animated  appearance.  At  first  they 
are  all  in  a  group,  and  apparently  in  confusion, 
crossing  and  re-crossing  each  other's  course ;  some 
with  their  oars  pulled  in  while  they  examine  the 
contents  of  their  nets,  and  empty  the  coals  into 
the  bottom  of  their  boats ;  others  rowing  and 
tugging  against  the  stream,  to  obtain  an   advan- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


149 


tageons  position  for  the  next  cast ;  and  when 
they  consider  they  have  found  this,  down  go  the 
dredging-nets  to  the  bottom,  and  away  they  row 
again  with  the  stream,  as  if  pulling  for  a  wager, 
till  they  find  by  the  weight  of  their  net  that  it  is 
fall ;  then  they  at  once  stop,  haul  it  to  the  sur- 
face, and  commence  another  course.  Others  who 
hare  been  successful  in  getting  their  boats  loaded 
may  be  seen  pushing  away  from  the  main  body, 
and  making  towards  the  shore.  Here  they  busily 
employ  themselves,  with  what  help  they  can  get, 
in  emptying  the  boat  of  her  cargo — carrying  it 
ashore  in  old  coal  baskets,  bushel  measures,  or  any- 
thing else  which  will  suit  their  purpose;  and  when 
this  is  completed  they  pull  out  again  to  join  their 
comrades,  and  comnience  afresh.  They  continue 
working  thus  till  the  returning  tide  puts  an  end 
to  their  labours,  but  these  are  resumed  after  the 
tide  has  fallen  to  a  certain  depth  ;  and  so  they  go 
on,  working  night  and  day  while  there  is  anything 
to  be  got. 

The  dredgerman  and  his  boat  may  be  imme- 
diately distingnished  from  all  others;  there  is 
nothing  similar  to  them  on  the  river.  The  sharp 
cutwater  fore  and  aft,  and  short  rounded  appear- 
ance of  the  vessel,  marks  it  out  at  once  from  the 
skiff  or  wherry  of  the  waterman.  There  is,  too, 
always  the  appearance  of  labour  about  the  boat, 
like  a  ship  returning  after  a  long  voyage,  daubed 
and  filthy,  and  looking  sadly  in  need  of  a  tho- 
rough cleansing.  The  grappling  irons  are  over 
the  bow,  resting  on  a  coil  of  rope  ;  while  the  other 
end  of  the  boat  is  filled  with  coals,  bones,  and 
old  rope,  mixed  with  the  mud  of  the  river.  The 
ropes  of  the  dredging-net  hang  over  the  side.  A 
•hort  stoat  figure,  with  a  face  soiled  and  blackened 
with  perspiration,  and  surmounted  by  a  tarred 
•ou'-wester,  the  bodf  habited  in  a  soiled  check 
•hirt,  with  the  sleeves  turned  up  above  the  elbows, 
and  exhibiting  a  pair  of  sunburnt  brawny  arms,  is 
palling  at  the  sculls,  not  with  the  ease  and  light- 
ness of  the  waterman,  but  toiling  and  tugging 
away  like  a  galley  slave,  as  he  scours  the  bed  of 
the  river  with  his  dredging-net  in  search  of  some 
hoped-for  prize. 

The  dredgers,  as  was  before'stated,  are  the  men 
who  find  almost  all  the  bodies  of  persons  drowned. 
If  there  be  a  reward  offered  for  the  recovery  of  a 
body,  numbers  of  the  dredgers  will  at  once  en- 
deavour to  obtain  it,  while  if  there  be  no  reward, 
there  is  at  least  the  inquest  money  to  be  had — 
betide  other  chances.  What  these  chances  are 
may  be  inferred  from  the  well-known  fiict,  that 
no  body  recovered  by  a  dredgerman  ever  happens 
to  have  any  money  about  it,  when  brought  to 
■hore.  There  may,  indeed,  be  a  watch  in  the  fob 
or  waistcoat  pocke^,  for  that  article  would  be  likely 
to  bo  traced.  There  may,  too,  be  a  purse  or 
pocket-book  forthcoming,  bat  somehow  it  is  in- 
▼ariably  empty.  The  dredgers  cannot  by  any 
rcMoning  or  argument  be  made  to  comprehend  that 
there  it  anything  like  dishonesty  in  emptying  the 
pockets  of  a  dead  man.  They  consider  them  as  their 
just  perquisites.  They  say  that  any  one  who 
finds  a  body  does  precisely  the  sam«»,  and  that  if 
they  did  not  do  to  the  police  would.  After  having 


had  all  the  trouble  and  labour,  they  allege  that 
they  have  a  much  better  right  to  whatever  is  to 
be  got,  than  the  police  who  have  had  nothing  what- 
ever to  do  with  it.  There  are  also  people  who 
shrewdly  suspect  that  some  of  the  coals  from  the 
barges  lying  in  the  river,  very  often  find  their  way 
into  the  dredgers'  boats,  especially  when  the 
dredgers  are  engaged  in  night- work ;  and  there 
are  even  some  who  do  not  hold  them  guiltless  of, 
now  and  then,  when  opportunity  oifers,  smuggling 
things  ashore  from  many  of  the  steamers  coming 
from  foreign  parts.  But  such  things,  I  repeat, 
the  dredgers  consider  in  the  fair  way  of  their 
business. 

One  of  the  most  industrious,  and  I  believe  one 
of  the  most  skilful  and  successful  of  this  peculiar 
class,  gave  me  the  following  epitome  of  his  histor}'. 

"  Father  was  a  dredger,  and  grandfather  afore 
him  ;  grandfather  was  a  dredger  and  a  fisherman 
too.  A'most  as  soon  as  I  was  able  to  crawl,  father 
took  me  with  him  in  the  boat  to  help  him  to  pick 
the  coals,  and  bones,  and  other  things  out  of  the 
net,  and  to  use  me  to  the  water.  When  I  got  bigger 
and  stronger,  I  was  sent  to  the  parish  school,  but 
I  didn't  like  it  half  as  well  as  the  boat,  and 
couldn't  be  got  to  stay  two  days  together.  At  last 
I  went  above  bridge,  and  went  along  with  a  fish- 
erman, and  used  to  sleep  in  the  boat  every  night. 
I  liked  to  sleep  in  the  boat ;  I  used  to  be  as  com- 
fortable as  could  be.  Lor  bless  you  !  there's  a  tilt 
to  them  boats,  and  no  rain  can't  git  at  you.  I  used 
to  lie  awake  of  a  night  in  them  times,  and  listen 
to  the  water  slapping  ag'in  the  boat,  and  think  it 
fine  fun.  I  might  a  got  bound  'prentice,  but  I  got 
aboard  a  smack,  where  I  stayed  three  or  four 
year,  and  if  I  'd  a  stayed  there,  I  'd  a  liked  it 
much  better.  But  I  heerd  as  how  father  was  ill, 
so  I  com'd  home,  and  took  to  the  dredging,  and 
am  at  it  off  and  on  ever  since.  I  got  no  larnin', 
how  could  1 1  There 's  on'y  one  or  two  of  us 
dredgers  as  knows  anything  of  larnin',  and  they  're 
no  better  off  than  the  rest.  Larnin  's  no  use  to  a 
dredger,  he  hasn't  got  no  time  to  read  ;  and  if  he 
had,  why  it  wouldn't  tell  him  where  the  holes  and 
furrows  is  at  the  bottom  of  the  river,  and  where 
things  is  to  be  found.  To  be  sure  there  's  holes 
and  furrows  at  the  bottom.  I  know  a  good  many. 
I  know  a  furrow  off  Lime'us  Point,  no  wider 
nor  the  dredge,  and  I  can  go  there,  and  when 
others  can't  git  anything  but  stones  and  mud,  I 
can  git  four  or  five  bushel  o'  coal.  You  see  they  lay 
there ;  they  get  in  with  the  set  of  the  tide,  and 
can't  git  out  so  easy  like.  Dredgers  don't  do  so 
well  now  as  they  used  to  do.  You  know  Pelican 
Stairs  1  well,  before  the  Docks  was  built,  when 
the  ships  lay  there,  I  could  go  under  Pelican  Pier 
and  pick  up  four  or  five  shilling  of  a  morning. 
What  was  that  tho'  to  father?  I  hear  him  say  he 
often  made  5/.  afore  breakfast,  and  nobody  ever 
the  wiser.  Them  were  fine  times  !  there  was  a 
good  livin'  to  be  picked  up  on  the  water  them 
days.  About  ten  year  ago,  the  fishermen  at 
Lambeth,  them  as  sarves  their  time  '  duly  and 
truly'  thought  to  put  us  off  the  water,  and  went 
afore  the  Lord  Mayor,  but  they  couldn't  do  no- 
think  after  all.     They  do  better  nor  us,  at  they  go 


150 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


fishin'  all  the  summer,  when  the  dredgin'  is  bad, 
and  come  back  in  winter.  Some  on  us  down 
here"  [Rotherhithe]  "go  a  deal-portering  in  the 
summer,  or  unloading  'tatoes,  or  anything  else 
we  can  get;  when  we  have  nothin'  else  to 
do,  we  go  on  the  river.  Father  don't  dredge 
now,  he  's  too  old  for  that ;  it  takes  a  man  to  be 
strong  to  dredge,  so  father  goes  to  ship  scrapin'. 
He  on'y  sits  on  a  plank  outside  the  ship,  and 
scrapes  off  the  old  tar  with  a  scraper.  We  docs  very 
well  for  all  that — why  he  can  make  his  half  a  bull 
a  day  \2s.  Q(l!\  when  he  gits  work,  but  that's  not 
always;  howsomever  I  helps  the  old  man  at 
times,  when  I  'm  able.  I  've  found  a  good  many 
bodies.  I  got  a  many  rewards,  and  a  tidy  bit 
of  inquest  money.  There  's  5s.  Qd.  inquest  money 
at  Rotherhithe,  and  on'y  a  shillin'  at  Deptford  ;  I 
can't  make  out  how  that  is,  but  that 's  all  they 
give,  I  know.  I  never  finds  anythink  on  the  bodies. 
Lor  bless  you !  people  don't  have  anythink  in  their 
pockets  when  they  gits  drowned,  they  are  not 
such  fools  as  all  that.  Do  you  see  them  two  marks 
there  on  the  back  of  my  hand  ]  Well,  one  day — I 
was  on'y  young  then — I  was  grabblin'  for  old  rope 
in  Church  Hole,  when  I  brings  up  a  body,  and 
just  as  I  was  fixing  the  rope  on  his  leg  to  tow  him 
ashore,  two  swells  comes  down  in  a  skiff,  and  lays 
hold  of  the  painter  of  my  boat,  and  tows  me 
ashore.  The  hook  of  the  drag  went  right  thro' 
the  trowsers  of  the  drowned  man  and  my  hand, 
and  I  couldn't  let  go  no  how,  and  tho'  I  roared 
out  like  mad,  the  swells  didn't  care,  but  dragged 
me  into  the  stairs.  When  I  got  there,  my  arm, 
and  the  corpse's  shoe  and  trowsers,  was  all  kivered 
with  my  blood.  What  do  you  think  the  gents 
said  ? — why,  they  told  me  as  how  they  had  done 
me  good,  in  towin'  the  body  in,  and  ran  away  up 
the  stairs.  Tho'  times  ain't  near  so  good  as  they 
was,  I  manages  purty  tidy,  and  hasn't  got  no 
occasion  to  hollor  much  ;  but  there  's  some  of  the 
dredgers  as  would  hollor,  if  they  was  ever  so  well 
off." 

Of  the  Sewer- Hunters. 
Some  few  years  ago,  the  main  sewers,  having  their 
outlets  on  the  river  side,  were  completely  open, 
so  that  any  person  desirous  of  exploring  their 
dark  and  uninviting  recesses  might  enter  at  the 
river  side,  and  wander  away,  provided  he  could 
withstand  the  combination  of  villanous  stenches 
which  met  hira  at  every  step,  for  many  miles, 
in  any  direction.  At  that  time  it  was  a  thing  of 
very  frequent  occurrence,  especially  at  the  spring 
tides,  for  the  water  to  rush  into  the  sewers, 
pouring  through  them  like  a  torrent,  and  then 
to  burst  up  through  the  gratings  into  the 
streets,  flooding  all  the  low-lying  districts  in  the 
vicinity  of  the  river,  till  the  streets  of  Shadwell 
and  Wapping  resembled  a  Dutch  town,  inter- 
sected by  a  series  of  muddy  canals.  Of  late, 
however,  to  remedy  this  defect,  the  Commission- 
ers have  had  a  strong  brick  wall  built  within 
the  entrance  to  the  several  sewers.  In  each  of 
these  brick  walls  there  is  an  opening  covered  by  a 
strong  iron  door,  which  hangs  from  the  top  and 
is  so  arranged  that  when  the  tide  is  low  the  rush 


of  the  water  and  other  filth  on  the  inner  side, 
forces  it  back  and  allows  the  contents  of  the  sewer 
to  pass  into  the  river,  whilst  when  the  tide  rises 
the  door  is  forced  so  close  against  the  wall  by 
the  pressure  of  the  water  outside  that  none  can 
by  any  possibility  enter,  and  thus  the  river 
neighbourhoods  are  secured  from  the  deluges  which 
were  heretofore  of  such  frequent  occurrence. 

Were  it  not  a  notorious  fact,  it  might  perhaps 
be  thought  impossible,  that  men  could  be  found 
who,  for  the  chance  of  obtaining  a  living  of  some 
sort  or  other,  would,  day  after  day,  and  year  after 
year,  continue  to  travel  through  these  underground 
channels  for  the  ofFscouring  of  the  city ;  but  such 
is  the  case  even  at  the  present  moment.  In 
former  times,  however,  this  custom  prevailed  much 
more  than  now,  for  in  those  days  the  sewers  I 
were  entirely  open  and  presented  no  obstacle  to 
an}^  one  desirous  of  entering  them.  Many  won- 
drous tales  are  still  told  among  the  people  of  men 
having  lost  their  way  in  the  sewers,  and  of  hav- 
ing wandered  among  the  filthy  passages — their 
lights  extinguished  by  the  noisome  vapours — till, 
faint  and  overpowered,  they  dropped  down  and 
died  on  the  spot.  Other  stories  are  told  of  sewer- 
hunters  beset  by  myriads  of  enormous  rats,  and 
slaying  thousands  of  them  in  their  struggle  for 
life,  till  at  length  the  swarms  of  the  savage  things 
overpowered  them,  and  in  a  few  days  afterwards 
their  skeletons  were  discovered  picked  to  the  very 
bones.  Since  the  iron  doors,  however,  have  been 
placed  on  the  main  sewers  a  prohibition  has  been 
issued  against  entering  them,  and  a  reward  of  5^. 
offered  to  any  person  giving  information  so  as  to 
lead  to  the  conviction  of  any  offender.  Neverthe- 
less many  still  travel  through  these  foul  laby- 
rinths, in  search  of  such  valuables  as  may  have 
found  their  way  down  the  drains. 

The  persons  who  are  in  the  habit  of  searching 
the  sewers,  call  themselves  "shore-men"  or  "shore- 
workers."  They  belong,  in  a  certain  degree,  to  the 
same  class  as  the  "  mud-larks,"  that  is  to  say,  they 
travel  through  the  mud  along  shore  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  ship-building  and  ship-breaking  yards, 
for  the  purpose  of  picking  up  copper  nails,  bolts, 
iron,  and  old  rope.  The  shore-men,  however, 
do  not  collect  the  lumps  of  coal  and  wood  they 
meet  with  on  their  way,  but  leave  them  as  the 
proper  perquisites  of  the  mud-larks.  The  sewer- 
hunters  were  formerly,  and  indeed  are  still,  called 
by  the  name  of  "  Toshers,"  the  articles  which  they 
pick  up  in  the  course  of  their  wanderings  along 
shore  being  known  among  themselves  by  the 
general  term  "  tosh,"  a  word  more  particularly 
applied  by  them  to  anything  made  of  copper. 
These  "  Toshers  "  may  be  seen,  especially  on  the 
Surrey  side  of  the  Thames,  habited  in  long  greasy 
velveteen  coats,  furnished  with  pockets  of  vast  capa- 
city, and  their  nether  limbs  encased  in  dirty  canvas 
trowsers,  and  any  old  slops  of  shoes,  that  may  be 
fit  only  for  wading  through  the  mud.  They  cany 
a  bag  on  their  back,  and  in  their  hand  a  pole  seven 
or  eight  feet  long,  on  one  end  of  which  there  is 
a  large  iron  hoe.  The  uses  of  this  instrument  are 
various  ;  with  it  they  try  the  ground  wherever  it 
appears  unsafe,  before  venturing  on  it,  and,  when 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


151 


assured  of  its  safety,  walk  forward  steadying  their 
footsteps  with  the  statF.  Should  they,  as  often 
happens,  even  to  the  most  experienced,  sink  in 
some  quagmire,  they  immediately  throw  out  the 
long  pole  armed  with  the  hoe,  which  is  always 
held  uppermost  for  this  purpose,  and  with  it  seizing 
hold  of  any  object  within  their  reach,  are  thereby 
enabled  to  draw  themselves  out  ;  without 
the  pole,  however,  their  danger  would  be 
greater,  for  the  more  they  struggled  to  extricate 
themselves  from  such  places,  the  deeper  they 
would  sink ;  and  even  with  it,  they  might  perish, 
I  am  told,  in  some  part,  if  there  were  nobody  at 
hand  to  render  them  assistance.  Finally,  they 
make  iise  of  this  pole  to  rake  about  the  mud 
when  searching  for  iron,  copper,  rope,  and  bones. 
They  mostly  exhibit  great  skill  in  discovering 
these  thmgs  in  unlikely  places,  and  have  a  know- 
ledge of  the  various  sets  of  the  tide,  calculated  to 
carry  articles  to  particular  points,  almost  equal  to 
the  dredgermen  themselves.  Although  they  can- 
not "  pick  up  "  as  much  now  as  they  formerly 
did,  they  are  still  able  to  make  what  they  call  a 
fair  living,  and  can  afford  to  look  down  with  a 
species  of  aristocratic  contempt  on  the  puny  efforts 
of  their  less  fortunate  brethren  the  "  mudlarks." 

To  enter  the  sewers  and  explore  them  to  any 
considerable  distance  is  considered,  even  by  those 
acquainted  with  what  is  termed  "  working  the 
shores,"  an  adventure  of  no  small  risk.  There  are 
a  variety  of  perils  to  be  encountered  in  such 
places.  The  brick-work  in  many  parts — especially 
in  the  old  sewers — has  become  rotten  through  the 
continual  action  of  the  putrefying  matter  and 
moisture,  and  parts  have  fallen  down  and  choked 
up  the  passage  with  heaps  of  rubbish ;  over  these 
obstructions,  nevertheless,  the  sewer-hunters  have 
to  scramble  "  in  the  best  way  they  can."  In 
such  parts  they  are  careful  not  to  touch  the  brick- 
work over  head,  for  the  slightest  tap  might 
bring  down  an  avalanche  of  old  bricks  and 
earth,  and  severely  injure  them,  if  not  bury  them 
in  the  rubbish.  Since  the  construction  of  the 
new  sewers,  the  old  ones  are  in  general  aban- 
doned by  the  "hunters;"  but  in  many  places  the 
formerchannelscrossand  re-cross  those  recently  con- 
structed, and  in  the  old  sewers  a  person  is  very  likely 
to  lose  his  way.  It  is  dangerous  to  venture  far  into 
any  of  the  smaller  sewers  branching  off  from  the 
main,  for  in  this  the  "  hunters"  h;ive  to  stoop  low 
down  in  order  to  proceed  ;  and,  from  the  confined 
space,  there  are  often  accumulated  in  such  places, 
large  quantities  of  foul  air,  which,  as  one  of  them 
st.-it«d,  will  "  cause  instantious  death."  Moreover, 
iar  from  there  being  any  romance  in  the  tales  told 
of  the  rau,  these  vermin  are  really  numerous  and 
formidable  in  the  sewers,  and  have  been  known, 
I  am  assured,  to  attack  men  when  alone,  and 
eren  sometimes  when  accompanied  by  others, 
with  Mch  fury  that  the  people  have  escaped  from 
them  with  difficulty.  They  are  particularly 
ferocious  and  dangerous,  if  they  be  driven  into 
■OOM  comer  whence  they  cannot  escape,  when 
they  will  immediately  fly  at  any  one  that  opposes 
th<*ir  progress.  I  received  a  similar  account  to 
this  from  one  of  the  London  flatbennea.     There 


are  moreover,  in  some  quarters,  ditches  or  trenches 
which  are  tilled  as  the  water  rushes  up  the  sewers 
with  the  tide ;  in  these  ditches  the  water  is  re- 
tained by  a  sluice,  which  is  shut  down  at  high 
tide,  and  lifted  again  at  low  tide,  when  it  rushes 
down  the  sewers  with  all  the  violence  of  a 
mountain  torrent,  sweeping  everything  before  it. 
If  the  sewer-hunter  be  not  close  to  some  brunch 
sewer,  so  that  he  can  run  into  it,  whenever  the 
opening  of  these  sluices  takes  place,  he  must  in- 
evitably perish.  The  trenches  or  water  reser- 
voirs for  the  cleansing  of  the  sewers  are  chiefly  on 
the  south  side  of  the  river,  and,  as  a  proof  of  the 
great  danger  to  which  the  sewer-hunters  are  ex- 
posed in  such  cases,  it  may  be  stated,  that  not 
very  long  ago,  a  sewer  on  the  south  side  of  the 
Thames  was  opened  to  be  repaired  ;  a  long  ladder 
reached  to  the  bottom  of  the  sewer,  down  which 
the  bricklayer's  labourer  was  going  with  a  hod  of 
bricks,  when  the  rush  of  water  from  the  sluice, 
struck  the  bottom  of  the  ladder,  and  instantly 
swept  away  ladder,  labourer,  and  all.  The  brick- 
layer fortunately  was  enjoying  his  "pint  and  pipe" 
at  a  neighbouring  public- house.  The  labourer  was 
found  by  my  informant,  a  "  shore-worker,"'  near 
the  mouth  of  the  sewer  quite  dead,  battered,  and 
disfigured  in  a  frightful  manner.  There  was  like- 
wise great  danger  in  former  times  from  the  rising 
of  the  tide  in  the  sewers,  so  that  it  was  necessary 
for  the  shore-men  to  have  quitted  them  before  the 
water  had  got  any  height  within  the  entrance. 
At  present,  however,  this  is  obviated  in  those 
sewers  where  the  main  is  furnished  with  an  iron 
door  towards  the  river. 

The  shore- workers,  when  about  to  enter  the 
sewers,  provide  themselves,  in  addition  to  the  long 
hoe  already  described,  with  a  canvas  apron,  which 
they  tie  round  them,  and  a  dark  lantern  similar  to 
a  policeman's  ;  this  they  strap  before  theni  on  their 
right  breast,  in  such  a  manner  that  on  removing  the 
shade,  the  bull's-eye  throws  the  light  straight  for- 
ward when  they  are  in  an  erect  position,  and  enables 
them  to  see  everything  in  advance  of  them  for 
some  distance ;  but  when  they  stoop,  it  throws  the 
light  directly  under  them,  so  that  they  can  then 
distinctly  see  any  object  at  their  feet.  The 
sewer-hunters  usually  go  in  gangs  of  three  or  four 
for  the  sake  of  company,  and  in  order  that  they 
may  be  the  better  able  to  defend  themselves  from 
the  rats.  The  old  hands  who  have  been  often  up 
(and  every  gang  endeavours  to  include  at  least  one 
experienced  person),  travel  a  long  distance,  not 
only  through  the  main  sewers,  but  also  through 
many  of  the  branches.  Whenever  the  shore-men 
come  near  a  street  grating,  they  close  their  lanterns 
and  watch  their  opportunity  of  gliding  silently 
past  unobserved,  for  otherwise  a  crowd  might 
collect  over  head  and  intimate  to  the  policeman  on 
duty,  that  there  were  persons  wandering  in  the 
sewers  below.  The  shore- workers  never  take 
dogs  with  them,  lest  their  barking  when  hunting 
the  rats  might  excite  attention.  As  the  men  go 
along  they  search  tiie  bottom  of  the  sewer,  raking 
away  the  mud  with  their  hoe,  and  pick,  from  be- 
tween the  crevices  of  the  brick-work,  money,  or 
anything  else  that  may  have  lodged  there.     There 


K  8 


152 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


are  in  many  parts  of  the  sewers  holes  where  the 
brick-work  has  been  worn  away,  and  in  these  holes 
clusters  of  articles  are  found,  which  have  been 
washed  into  them  from  time  to  time,  and  perhaps 
been  collecting  there  for  years ;  such  as  pieces  of 
iron,  nails,  various  scraps  of  metal,  coins  of  every 
description,  all  rusted  into  a  mass  like  a  rock,  and 
weighing  from  a  half  hundred  to  two  hundred 
weight  altogether.  These  "  conglomerates"  of 
metul  are  too  heavy  for  the  men  to  take  out  of  the 
sewers,  so  that  if  unable  to  break  them  up,  they 
are  compelled  to  leave  them  behind  ;  and  there 
are  very  many  such  masses,  I  am  informed,  lying  in 
the  sewers  at  this  moment,  of  immense  weight,  and 
growing  larger  every  day  by  continual  additions. 
The  shore-men  find  great  quantities  of  money — 
of  copper  money  especially  ;  sometimes  they  dive 
their  arm  down  to  the  elbow  in  the  mud  and 
filth  and  bring  up  shillings,  sixpences,  half-crowns, 
and  occasionally  half-sovereigns  and  sovereigns. 
They  always  find  the  coins  standing  edge  upper- 
most between  the  bricks  in  the  bottom,  where  the 
mortar  has  been  worn  away.  The  sewer-hunters 
occasionally  find  plate,  such  as  spoons,  ladles,  silver- 
handled  knives  and  forks,  mugs  and  drinking 
cups,  and  now  and  then  articles  of  jewellery  ;  but 
even  while  thus  "  in  luck"  as  they  call  it,  they  do 
not  omit  to  fill  the  bags  on  their  backs  with  the 
more  cumbrous  articles  they  meet  with — such  as 
metals  of  every  description,  rope  and  bones.  There 
is  always  a  great  quantity  of  these  things  to  be 
met  with  in  the  sewers,  they  being  continually 
washed  down  from  the  cesspools  and  drains  of  the 
houses.  When  the  sewer-hunters  consider  they 
have  searched  long  enough,  or  when  they  have 
found  as  much  as  they  can  conveniently  take 
away,  the  gang  leave  the  sewers  and,  adjourning  to 
the  nearest  of  their  homes,  count  out  the  money 
they  have  picked  up,  and  proceed  to  dispose  of  the 
old  metal,  bones,  rope,  &c. ;  this  done,  they  then,  as 
they  term  it,  "whack"  the  whole  lot;  that  is, 
they  divide  it  equally  among  all  hands.  At  these 
divisions,  I  am  assured,  it  frequently  occurs  that 
each  member  of  the  gang  will  realise  from  305.  to 
21. — this  at  least  was  a  frequent  occurrence  some 
few  years  ago.  Of  late,  however,  the  shore-men  are 
obliged  to  use  far  more  caution,  as  the  police,  and 
especially  those  connected  with  the  river,  who  are 
more  on  the  alert,  as  well  as  many  of  the  coal- 
merchants  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  sewers, 
would  give  information  if  they  saw  any  suspicious 
persons  approaching  them. 

The  principal  localities  in  which  the  shore- 
hunters  reside  are  in  Mint-square,  Mint-street, 
and  Kent-street,  in  the  Borous,'h — Snow*s-fields, 
Bermondsey — ^and  that  never-failing  locality  be- 
tween the  London  Docks  and  Rosemary-lane 
which  appears  to  be  a  concentration  of  all  the 
misery  of  the  kingdom.  There  were  known  to 
be  a  few  years  ago  nearly  200  sewer-hunters, 
or  "  toshers,"  and,  incredible  as  it  may  appear,  I 
have  satisfied  myself  that,  taking  one  week  with 
another,  they  could  not  be  said  to  make  much 
short  of  2/.  per  week.  Their  probable  gains,  I 
was  told,  were  about  6«.  per  day  all  the  year 
round.     At  this  rate  the  property  recovered  from 


the  sewers  of  London  would  have  amounted  to 
no  less  than  20,000i,  per  annum,  which  would 
make  the  amount  of  property  lost  down  the  drains 
of  each  house  amount  to  \s.  id.  a  year.  The 
shore-hunters  of  the  present  day  greatly  com- 
plain of  the  recent  restrictions,  and  inveigh 
in  no  measured  terms  against  the  constituted 
authorities.  "  They  won't  let  us  in  to  work  the 
shores,"  say  they,  "  cause  there  's  a  little  danger. 
They  fears  as  how  we  '11  get  suffocated,  at  least 
they  tells  us  so ;  but  they  don't  care  if  we  get 
starved  !  no,  they  doesn't  mind  nothink  about 
that." 

It  is,  however,  more  than  suspected  that  these 
men  find  plenty  of  means  to  evade  the  vigilance 
of  the  sewer  officials,  and  continue  quietly  to  reap 
a  considerable  harvest,  gathered  whence  it  might 
otherwise  have  rotted  in  obscurity. 

The  sewer-hunters,  strange  as  it  may  appear, 
are  certainly  smart  fellows,  and  take  decided 
precedence  of  all  the  other  "  finders  "  of  London, 
whether  by  land  or  water,  both  on  account  of  the 
greater  amount  of  their  earnings,  and  the  skill 
and  courage  they  manifest  in  the  pursuit  of  their 
dangerous  employment.  But  like  all  who  make 
a  living  as  it  were  by  a  game  of  chance,  plodding, 
carefulness,  and  saving  habits  cannot  be  reckoned 
among  their  virtues  ;  they  are  improvident,  even 
to  a  proverb.  With  their  gains,  superior  even  to 
those  of  the  better-paid  artizans,  and  far  beyond 
the  amount  received  by  man}'^  clerks,  who  have 
to  maintain  a  "respectable  appearance,"  the  shore- 
men might,  with  but  ordinary  prudence,  live 
well,  have  comfortable  homes,  and  even  be  able 
to  save  sufficient  to  provide  for  themselves  in  their 
old  age.  Their  practice,  however,  is  directly  the 
reverse.  They  no  sooner  make  a  "  haul,"  as  they 
say,  than  they  adjourn  to  some  low  public-house 
in  the  neighbourhood,  and  seldom  leave  till 
empty  pockets  and  hungry  stomachs  drive  them 
forth  to  procure  the  means  for  a  fresh  debauch. 
It  is  principally  on  this  account  that,  despite 
their  large  gains,  they  are  to  be  found  located  in 
the  most  wretched  quarter  of  the  metropolis. 

It  might  be  supposed  that  the  sewer-huntera 
(passing  much  of  their  time  in  the  midst  of  the 
noisome  vapours  generated  by  the  sewers,  the 
odour  of  which,  escaping  upwards  from  the  grat- 
ings in  the  streets,  is  dreaded  and  shunned  by  all 
as  something  pestilential)  would  exhibit  in  their 
pallid  faces  the  unmistakable  evidence  of  their 
unhealthy  employment.  But  this  is  far  from  the 
fact.  Strange  to  say,  the  sewer-hunters  are  strong, 
robust,  and  healthy  men,  generally  florid  in  their 
complexion,  while  many  of  them  know  illness 
only  by  name.  Some  of  the  elder  men,  who  head 
the  gangs  when  exploring  the  sewers,  are  between 
60  and  80  years  of  age,  and  have  followed  the 
employment  during  their  whole  lives.  The  men 
appear  to  have  a  fixed  belief  that  the  odour  of 
the  sewers  contributes  in  a  variety  of  ways  to 
their  general  health ;  nevertheless,  they  admit 
that  accidents  occasionally  occur  from  the  air  in 
some  places  being  fully  impregnated  with  mephitic 
gas. 

I  found  one  of  these  men,  from  whom  I  derived 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


153 


much  information,  and  who  is  really  an  active  \ 
intelligent  man,  in  a  conrt  off  Rosemary-iane,  j 
Access  is  gained  to  this  court  through  a  dark 
narrow  entrance,  scarcely  wider  than  a  doorway,  j 
running  beneath  the  first  floor  of  one  of  the  j 
houses  in  the  adjoining  street.  The  court  itself  is 
about  50  yards  long,  and  not  more  than  three 
jrards  wide,  surrounded  by  lofty  wooden  houses, 
with  jutting  abutments  in  nifiny  of  the  upper  1 
stories  that  almost  exclude  the  light,  and  give  them 
the  appearance  of  being  about  to  tumble  down 
upon  the  heads  of  the  intruders.  This  court  is 
densely  inhabited ;  every  room  has  its  own  family, 
more  or  less  in  number ;  and  in  many  of  them, 
I  am  assured,  there  are  two  families  residing,  the 
better  to  enable  the  one  to  whom  the  room  is  let 
to  p:iy  the  rent.  At  the  time  of  my  visit,  which 
was  in  the  evening,  after  the  inmates  had  returned 
from  their  various  employments,  some  quarrel  had 
arisen  among  them.  The  court  was  so  thronged 
with  the  friends  of  the  contending  individuals  and 
spectators  of  the  fight  that  I  was  obliged  to  stand 
at  the  entrance,  unable  to  force  my  way  through 
the  dense  multitude,  while  labourers  and  street- 
folk  witli  shaggy  heads,  and  women  with  dirty 
caps  and  fuzzy  hair,  thronged  every  window 
above,  and  peered  down  anxiously  at  the  affray. 
There  must  have  been  some  hundreds  of  people 
collected  there,  and  yet  all  were  inhabitants  of 
this  very  court,  for  the  noise  of  the  quarrel  had 
not  yet  reached  the  street.  On  wondering  at  the 
number,  my  informant,  when  the  noise  had  ceased, 
explained  the  matter  as  follows :  "  You  see,  sir, 
there  's  more  than  80  houses  in  this  here  court, 
and  there's  not  less  than  eight  rooms  in  every 
house  ;  now  there 's  nine  or  ten  people  in  some  of 
the  rooms,  I  knows,  but  just  say  four  in  every 
room,  and  calculate  what  that  there  comes  to."  I 
did,  and  found  it,  to  my  surprise,  to  be  960. 
*'  Well,"  continued  my  informant,  chuckling  and 
rubbing  his  hands  in  evident  delight  at  the  re- 
mit, "  you  may  as  well  just  tack  a  couple  a 
kvndred  on  to  the  tail  o'  them  for  make-weight, 
as  we  're  not  wcrry  pertikler  about  a  hundred 
or  two  one  way  or  the  other  in  these  here 
places." 

In  this  court,  up  three  flights  of  narrow  stairs 
that  creaked  and  trembled  at  every  footstep,  and 
in  an  ill-furnished  garret,  dwelt  the  shore- worker 
— a  man  who,  had  he  been  careful,  according  to 
bis  own  account  at  least,  might  have  money  in  the 
bank  and  be  the  proprietor  of  the  house  in  which 
he  lived.  The  sewer-hunters,  like  the  street-people, 
are  all  known  by  some  peculiar  nickname,  derived 
chiefly  from  some  personal  charncteristic.  It 
would  be  a  waste  of  time  to  inquire  for  them  by 
their  right  names,  even  if  you  were  acquainted 
with  them,  for  none  else  would  know  them,  and 
no  intelligence  concerning  them  could  be  ob- 
tained ;  while  under  the  title  of  Lanky  Bill, 
Long  Tom,  One-eyed  George,  Shor^armed  Jack, 
they  are  known  to  every  one. 

My  informant,  who  is  also  dignified  with  a  title, 
or  as  he  calls  it  a  "  handle  to  his  name,"  gave  me 
the  following  account  of  himself :  "  I  was  bom  in 
Birmingham,  but  afore  I  recollects  anythink,  we 


came  to  London.  The  first  thing  I  remembers  is 
being  down  on  the  shore  at  Cuckold's  P'int,  when 
the  tide  was  out  and  up  to  ray  knees  in  mud,  and 
a  gitting  down  deeper  and  deeper  every  minute  till 
I  was  picked  up  by  one  of  the  shore-workers.  I 
used  to  git  down  there  every  day,  to  look  at  the 
ships  and  boats  a  sailing  up  and  down  ;  I  'd  niver 
be  tired  a  looking  at  them  at  that  time.  At  last 
father  'prenticed  me  to  a  blacksmith  in  Bermondsey, 
and  th^i  I  couldii't  git  down,  to  the  river  when  I 
liked,  so  I  got  to  hate  the  forge  and  the  fire,  and 
lloicing  the  bellows,  and  couldn't  stand  the  con- 
finement no  how, — at  last  I  cuts  and  runs.  After 
some  time  they  gits  me  back  ag'in,  but  I  cuts  ag'in. 
I  was  determined  not  to  stand  it.  I  wouldn't  go 
home  for  fear  I  'd  be  sent  back,  so  I  goes  down  to 
Cuckold's  P'int  and  there  I  sits  near  half  the  day, 
when  who  should  I  see  but  the  old  un  as  had 
picked  me  up  out  of  the  mud  when  I  was  a 
sinking.  I  tells  him  all  about  it,  and  he  takes  me 
home  along  with  hisself,  and  gits  me  a  bag  and  an 
0,  and  takes  me  out  next  day,  and  shows  me 
what  to  do,  and  shows  me  the  dangerous  places, 
and  the  places  what  are  safe,  and  how  to  rake  in 
the  mud  for  rope,  and  bones,  and  iron,  and  that 's 
the  way  I  corned  to  be  a  shore-worker.  Lor'  bless 
you,  I  've  worked  Cuckold's  P'int  for  more  nor 
twenty  year.  I  know  places  where  you  'd  go  over 
head  and  ears  in  the  mud,  and  jist  alongside  on 
'em  you  may  walk  as  safe  as  you  can  on  this  floor. 
But  it  don't  do  for  a  stranger  to  try  it,  he  'd  wery 
soon  git  in,  and  it 's  not  so  easy  to  git  out  agin, 
I  can  tell  you.  I  stay'd  with  the  old  un  a  long 
time,  and  we  used  to  git  lots  o'  tin,  specially  when 
we  'd  go  to  work  the  sewers.  I  liked  that  well 
enough.  I  could  git  into  small  places  where  the 
old  un  couldn't,  and  when  I  'd  got  near  the  grating 
in  the  street,  I  'd  search  about  in  the  bottom  of  the 
sewer  ;  I  'd  put  down  my  arm  to  my  shoulder  in 
the  mud  and  bring  up  shillings  and  half-crowns, 
and  lots  of  coppers,  and  plenty  other  things.  I 
once  found  a  silver  jug  as  big  as  a  quart  pot,  and 
often  found  spoons  and  knives  and  forks  and  every 
thing  you  can  think  of.  Bless  your  heart  the 
smells  nothink  ;  it's  a  roughish  smell  at  first,  but 
nothink  near  so  bad  as  you  thinks,  'cause,  you 
see,  there  's  sich  lots  o'  water  always  a  coming 
down  the  sewer,  and  the  air  gits  in  from  the 
gratings,  and  that  helps  to  sweeten  it  a  bit. 
There  's  some  places,  'specially  in  the  old  sewers, 
where  they  say  there  's  foul  air,  and  they  tells  me 
the  foul  air  'ill  cause  instantious  death,  but  I  niver 
met  with  anythink  of  the  kind,  and  I  think  if 
there  was  sich  a  thing  I  should  know  somethink 
about  it,  for  I  've  worked  the  sewers,  off  and  on, 
for  twenty  year.  When  we  comes  to  a  narrow- 
place  as  we  don't  know,  we  takes  the  candle  out 
of  the  lantern  and  fastens  it  on  the  hend  of  the 
0,  and  then  runs  it  up  the  sewer,  and  if  the  light 
stays  in,  we  knows  as  there  a'n't  no  danger.  We 
used  to  go  up  the  city  sewer  at  Blackfriars-bridge, 
but  that 's  stopped  up  now  ;  it 's  boarded  across 
inside.  The  city  wouldn't  let  us  up  if  they  knew 
it,  'cause  of  the  danger,  they  say,  but  they  don't 
care  if  we  hav'n't  got  nothink  to  eat  nor  a  place  to 
put  our  heads  in,  while  there  's  plenty  of  money 


154 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


lying  there  and  good  for  nobody.  If  you  was 
caught  up  it  and  brought  afore  the  Lord  Mayor, 
he  'd  give  you  fourteen  days  on  it,  as  safe  as  the 
bellows,  so  a  pood  many  on  us  now  is  afraid  to 
wenture  in.  We  don't  wenture  as  we  used  to, 
but  still  it's  done  at  times.  There  's  a  many  places 
as  I  knows  on  where  the  bricks  has  fallen  down, 
and  that  there  's  dangerous ;  it 's  so  delaberated 
that  if  you  touches  it  with  your  head  or  with  the 
hend  of  the  o,  it  'ill  all  come  down  atop  o'  you. 
I  've  often  seed  as  many  as  a  hundred  rats  at  once, 
and  they  're  woppers  in  the  sewers,  I  can  tell  you; 
them  there  water  rats,  too,  is  far  more  ferociouser 
than  any  other  rats,  and  they  'd  think  nothink  of 
tnckling  a  man,  if  they  found  they  couldn't  get 
away  no  how,  but  if  they  can  why  they  runs  byand 
gits  out  o'  the  road.  I  knows  a  chap  as  the  rats 
tackled  in  the  sewers ;  they  bit  him  hawfuUy  :  you 
must  ha'  heard  on  it ;  it  was  him  as  the  water- 
men went  in  arter  when  they  heard  him  a  shouting 
as  they  was  a  rowin'  by.  Only  for  the  watermen 
the  rats  would  ha'  done  for  him,  safe  enough.  Do 
you  recollect  hearing  on  the  man  as  was  found  in 
the  sewers  about  twelve  ye<ar  ago  ? — oh  you  must — 
the  rats  eat  every  bit  of  him,  and  left  nothink  but 
his  bones.  I  knowed  him  well,  he  was  a  rig'lar 
shore-worker. 

"  The  rats  is  wery  dangerous,  that 's  sartain,  but 
we  always  goes  three  or  four  on  us  together,  and 
the  varmint 's  too  wide  awake  to  tackle  us  then, 
for  they  know  they  'd  git  off  second  best.  You  can 
go  a  long  way  in  the  sewers  if  you  like  ;  I  don't 
know  how  fer.  I  niver  was  at  the  end  on 
them  myself,  for  a  cove  can't  stop  in  longer  than 
six  or  seven  hour,  'cause  of  the  tide ;  you  must 
be  out  before  that 's  up.  There 's  a  many 
branches  on  ivery  side,  but  we  don't  go  into 
all ;  we  go  where  we  know,  and  where  we  're 
always  sure  to  find  somethink.  I  know  a 
place  now  where  there  's  more  than  two  or  three 
hundred  weight  of  metal  all  rusted  together,  and 
plenty  of  money  among  it  too  ;  but  it  's  too  heavy 
to  carry  it  out,  so  it  'ill  stop  there  I  s'pose  till 
the  world  comes  to  an  end.  I  often  brought 
out  a  piece  of  metal  half  a  hundred  in  weight, 
and  took  it  under  the  harch  of  the  bridge,  and 
broke  it  up  with  a  large  stone  to  pick  out  the 
money.  I  've  found  sovereigns  and  half  sovereigns 
over  and  over  ag'in,  and  three  on  us  has  often 
cleared  a  couple  of  pound  apiece  in  one  day  out 
of  the  sewers.  But  we  no  sooner  got  the  money 
than  the  publican  had  it.  I  only  wish  I  'd  back 
all  the  money  I  've  guv  to  the  publican,  and  I 
wouldn't  care  how  the  wind  blew  for  the  rest  of 
my  life.  I  never  thought  about  taking  a  hammer 
along  with  me  into  the  sewer,  no;  I  never  thought 
I  'd  want  it.  You  can't  go  in  every  day,  the  tides 
don't  answer,  and  they  're  so  pertikler  now,  far 
more  pertikler  than  formerly ;  if  you  was  known 
to  touch  the  traps,  you  'd  git  hauled  up  afore  the 
beak.  It  's  done  for  all  that,  and  though  there  is 
so  many  eyes  about.  The  "  Johnnys "  on  the 
water  are  always  on  the  look  out,  and  if  they  sees 
any  on  us  about,  we  has  to  cut  our  lucky.  We 
shore-workers  sometimes  does  very  well  other 
ways.     When  we  hears  of  a  tire  anywheres,  we 


goes  and  watches  where  they  shoots  the  rubbish, 
and  then  we  goes  and  sifts  it  over,  and  washes  it 
afterwards,  then  all  the  metal  sinks  to  the  bottom. 
The  way  we  does  it  is  this  here  :  we  takes  a 
barrel  cut  in  half,  and  fills  it  with  water,  and  then 
we  shovels  in  the  siftings,  and  stirs  'em  round  and 
round  and  round  with  a  stick ;  then  we  throws 
out  that  water  and  puts  in  some  fresh,  and  stirs 
that  there  round  ag'in  ;  arter  some  time  the  water 
gets  clear,  and  every  thing  heavy  's  fell  to  the  bot- 
tom, and  then  we  sees  what  it  is  and  picks  it  out. 
I  've  made  from  a  pound  to  thirty  shilling  a  day,  at 
that  there  work  on  lead  alone.  The  time  the  Parlia- 
ment Houses  was  burnt,  the  rubbish  was  shot  in 
Hyde  Park,  and  Long  J —  and  I  goes  to  work  it, 
and  while  we  were  at  it,  we  didn't  make  less  nor 
three  pounds  apiece  a  day;  we  found  sovereigns 
and  half  sovereigns,  and  lots  of  silver  half  melted 
away,  and  jewellery,  such  as  rings,  and  stones, 
and  brooches ;  but  we  never  got  half  paid  for 
them.  I  found  two  sets  of  bracelets  for  a  lady's 
arms,  and  took  'em  to  a  jeweller,  and  he  tried 
them  jist  where  the  "great "  heat  had  melted  the 
catch  away,  and  found  they  was  only  metal  double 
plated,  or  else  he  said  as  how  he  'd  give  us  thirty 
pounds  for  them  ;  howsomever,  we  takes  them 
down  to  a  Jew  in  Petticoat-lane,  who  used  to  buy 
things  of  us,  and  he  gives  us  11.  10s.  for  'em.  We 
found  so  many  things,  that  at  last  Long  J —  and 
I  got  to  quarrel  about  the  "  whacking ; "  there  was 
cheatiu'  a  goin'  on ;  it  wasn't  all  fair  and  above 
board  as  it  ought  to  be,  so  we  gits  to  fightin',  and 
kicks  up  sich  a  jolly  row,  that  they  wouldn't  let 
us  work  no  more,  and  takes  and  buries  the  whole 
on  the  rubbish.  There  's  plenty  o'  things  under 
the  ground  along  with  it  now,  if  anybody  could 
git  at  them.  There  was  jist  two  loads  o'  rubbish 
shot  at  one  time  in  Bishop  Bonner's-fields,  which  | 
I  worked  by  myself,  and  what  do  you  think  I 
made  out  of  that  there  1 — why  I  made  3/.  5s.  The 
rubbish  was  got  out  of  a  cellar,  what  hadn't  been 
stirred  for  fifty  year  or  more,  so  I  thinks  there 
ought  to  be  somethink  in  it,  and  I  keeps  my  eye 
on  it,  and  watches  where  it  's  shot ;  then  I  turns 
to  work,  and  the  first  thing  I  gits  hold  on  is  a 
chain,  which  I  takes  to  be  copper;  it  was  so 
dirty,  but  it  turned  out  to  be  all  solid  goold,  and 
I  gets  1^.  55.  for  it  from  the  Jew  ;  arter  that  I 
finds  lots  o'  coppers,  and  silver  money,  and  many 
things  besides.  The  reason  Hikes  this  sort  of  life 
is,  'caiise  I  can  sit  down,  wlien  I  likes,  and  nobody 
can't  order  me  about.  Wlmn  I  'm  hard  up,  I 
knovjs  as  hoio  I  must  work,  and  then  I  goes  at  it 
like  sticks  a  breaking  ;  and  tho'  the  times  isn't  as 
they  was,  I  can  go  now  and  pick  up  my  four  or 
five  bob  a  day,  where  another  wouldn't  know  how 
to  get  a  brass  farden." 

There  is  a  strange  tale  in  existence  among  the 
shore-workers,  of  a  race  of  wild  hogs  inhabiting  the 
sewers  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Hampstead.  The 
story  runs,  that  a  sow  in  young,  by  some  accident 
got  down  the  sewer  through  an  opening,  and, 
wandering  away  from  the  spot,  littered  and  reared 
her  offspring  in  the  drain,  feeding  on  the  oflal 
and  garbage  washed  into  it  continually.  Here,  it 
is  alleged,  the  breed  multiplied  exceedingly,  and 


THE     LONDON     DUSTMAN. 
Dust    Hoi  !     Dust   Hoi  ! 

[From  a  Dajrutrreottfpt  hy  BcARO.] 


LOynON^  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


155 


have  become  almost  as  ferocious  as  they  are 
numerous.  This  story,  apocryphal  as  it  seems, 
has  nevertheless  its  believers,  and  it  is  ingeniously 
aigued,  that  the  reason  why  none  of  the  subterra- 
nean animals  have  been  able  to  make  their  way  to 
the  light  of  day  is,  that  they  could  only  do  so  by 
reaching  the  mouth  of  the  sewer  at  the  river-side, 
while,  in  order  to  arrive  at  that  point,  they  must 
necessarily  encounter  the  Fleet  ditch,  which  runs 
toW-ards  the  river  with  great  rapidity,  and  as  it  is 
the  obstinate  nature  of  a  pig  to  swim  against  the 
stream,  the  wild  hogs  of  the  sewers  invariably 
work  their  way  back  to  their  original  quarters,  and 
are  thus  never  to  be  seen.  What  seems  strange 
in  the  matter  is,  that  the  inhabitants  of  Hamp- 
stead  never  have  been  known  to  see  any  of  these 
animals  pass  beneath  the  gratings,  nor  to  have 
been  disturbed  by  their  gruntings.  The  reader 
of  course  cjin  believe  as  much  of  the  story  as  he 
pleases,  and  it  is  right  to  inform  him  that  the  sewer- 
hunters  themselves  have  never  yet  encountered 
any  of  the  fabulous  monsters  of  the  Hampstead 


Of  thb  Mud-Larks. 
There  is  another  class  who  may  be  termed  river- 
finders,  although  their  occupation  is  connected 
only  with  the  shore  ;  they  are  commonly  known 
by  the  name  of  "  mud-larks,"  from  being  compelled, 
in  order  to  obtain  the  articles  they  seek,  to  wade 
sometimes  up  to  their  middle  through  the  mud  left 
on  the  shore  by  the  retiring  tide.  These  poor 
creatures  are  certainly  about  the  most  deplorable 
in  their  appearance  of  any  I  have  met  with  in  the 
course  of  nay  inquiries.  They  may  be  seen  of  all 
ages,  from  mere  childhood  to  positive  decrepitude, 
crawling  among  the  barges  at  the  various  wharfs 
along  the  river ;  it  cannot  be  said  that  they  are  clad 
in  rags,  for  they  are  scarcely  half  covered  by  the 
tattered  indescribable  things  that  serve  them  for 
clothing ;  their  bodies  are  grimed  with  the  foul 
■oil  of  the  river,  and  their  torn  garments  stiffened 
up  like  boards  with  dirt  of  every  possible  de- 
scription. 

Among  the  mud-larks  may  be  seen  many  old 
women, and  itis  indeed  pitiable  to  behold  them,  espe- 
cially during  the  winter,  bent  nearly  double  with  age 
and  infirmity,  paddling  and  groping  among  the 
wet  mud  for  small  pieces  of  coal,  chips  of  wood, 
or  any  sort  of  refuse  washed  up  by  the  tide.  These 
women  always  have  with  them  an  old  basket  or 
an  old  tin  kettle,  in  which  they  put  whatever  they 
chance  to  find.  It  usually  takes  them  a  whole 
tide  to  fill  this  receptacle,  but  when  filled,  it  is  as 
much  as  the  feeble  old  creatures  are  able  to  carry 
home. 

The  mud-larks  generally  live  in  some  court 
or  alley  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  river, 
and,  as  the  tide  recedes,  crowds  of  boys  and 
little  girls,  some  old  men,  and  many  old  women, 
may  be  observed  loitering  about  the  various 
stairs,  watching  eagerly  for  the  opportunity  to 
commence  their  labours.  When  the  tide  is  suffi- 
ciently low  they  scatter  themselves  along  the 
shore,  separating  from  each  other,  and  soon  dis- 
appcw  among  the  craft  lying  about  in  every  direc' 


tion.  This  is  the  case  on  both  sides  of  the  river, 
as  high  up  as  there  is  anything  to  be  found,  ex- 
tending as  far  as  Vauxhall-bridge,  and  as  low  down 
as  Woolwich.  The  nmd-larks  themselves,  how- 
ever, know  only  those  who  reside  near  them,  and 
whom  they  are  accustomed  to  meet  in  their  daily 
pursuits  ;  indeed,  with  but  few  exceptions,  these 
people  are  dull,  and  apparently  stupid  ;  this  is  ob- 
servable particularly  among  the  boys  and  girls,  who, 
when  engaged  in  searching  the  mud,  hold  but 
little  converse  one  with  another.  The  men  and 
women  may  be  passed  and  repassed,  but  they 
notice  no  one  ;  they  never  speak,  but  with  a  stolid 
look  of  wretchedness  they  plash  their  way  through 
the  mire,  their  bodies  bent  down  while  they  peer 
anxiously  about,  and  occasionally  stoop  to  pick  up 
some  paltry  treasure  that  falls  in  their  way. 

The  mud-larks  collect  whatever  they  happen  to 
find,  such  as  coals,  bits  of  old-iron,  rope,  bones, 
and  copper  nails  that  drop  from  ships  while  lying 
or  repairing  along  shore.  Copper  nails  are  the 
most  valuable  of  all  the  articles  they  find,  but 
these  they  seldom  obtain,  as  they  are  always 
driven  fi-om  the  neighbourhood  of  a  ship  while 
being  new-sheathed.  Sometimes  the  younger 
and  bolder  mud-larks  venture  on  sweeping  some 
empty  coal-barge,  and  one  little  fellow  with  whom 
I  spoke,  having  been  lately  caught  in  the  act  of 
so  doing,  had  to  undergo  for  the  offence  seven 
days'  imprisonment  in  the  House  of  Correction : 
this,  he  says,  he  liked  much  better  than  mud-larking, 
for  while  he  staid  there  he  wore  a  coat  and  shoes 
and  stockings,  and  though  he  had  not  over  much 
to  eat,  he  certainly  was  never  afiraid  of  going  to 
bed  without  anything  at  all — as  he  often  had  to 
do  when  at  liberty.  He  thought  he  would  try 
it  on  again  in  the  winter,  he  told  me,  saying,  it 
would  be  so  comfortable  to  have  clothes  and  shoes 
and  stockings  then,  and  not  be  obliged  to  go  into 
the  cold  wet  mud  of  a  morning.  ! 

The  coals  that  the  mud-larks  find,  they  sell  to  j 
the  poor  people  of  the  neighbourhood  at  \d.  per 
pot,  holding  about  14  lbs.  The  iron  and  bones 
and  rope  and  copper  nails  which  they  collect,  they 
sell  at  the  rag-shops.  They  dispose  of  the  iron 
at  5  lbs.  for  It/.,  the  bones  at  3  lbs,  a  \d.,  rope 
a  irf,  per  lb,  wet,  and  %d.  per  lb,  dry,  and  cop- 
per nails  at  the  rate  of  Ad.  per  lb.  They  oc- 
casionally pick  up  tools,  such  as  saws  and  ham- 
mers ;  these  they  dispose  of  to  the  seamen  for 
biscuit  and  meat,  and  sometimes  sell  them  at 
the  rag-shops  for  a  few  halfpence.  In  this  man- 
ner they  earn  from  2Jrf,  to  M.  per  day,  but 
rarely  the  latter  sum ;  their  average  gains  may 
be  estimated  at  about  M.  per  day.  The  boys, 
after  leaving  the  river,  sometimes  scrape  their 
trousers,  and  frequent  the  cab-stands,  and  try  to 
earn  a  trifle  by  opening  the  cab-doors  for  those 
who  enter  them,  or  by  holding  gentlemen's  horses. 
Some  of  them  go,  in  the  evening,  to  a  ragged 
school,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  which  they  live ; 
more,  as  they  say,  because  other  boys  go  there, 
than  from  any  desire  to  learn. 

At  one  of  the  stairs  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
the  pool,  I  collected  about  a  dozen  of  these  uu> 
fortunate  children :   there  was  not  one  of  them 


156 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


over  twelve  years  of  age,  and  many  of  them  were 
but  six.    It  would  be  almost  impossible  to  describe 
the  wretched  group,  so  motley  was  their  appear- 
ance, so  extraordinary  their  dress,  and  so  stolid 
and  inexpressive  their  countenances.   Some  carried 
baskets,  filled  with  the  produce  of  their  morning's 
work,  and  others  old  tin  kettles  with  iron  handles. 
Some,  for  want  of  these  articles,  had  old  hats  filled 
with  the  bones  and  coals  they  had  picked  up ;  and 
others,  more  needy  still,  had  actually  taken  the 
caps  from  their  own  heads,  and  filled  them  with 
what  they  had  happened  to  find.     The  muddy 
slush  was  dripping  from  their  clothes  and  utensils, 
and  forming  a  puddle  in  which  they  stood.    There 
did  not  appear  to  be  among  the  whole  group  as 
many  filthy  cotton  rags  to  their  backs  as,  when 
stitched  together,  would  have  been  sufficient  to 
form  the  material  of  one  shirt.     There  were  the 
remnants  of  one  or  two  jackets  among  them,  but 
so  begrimed  and  tattered  that  it  would  have  been 
difficult  to  have  determined  either  the  original  ma- 
terial or  make  of  the  garment.     On  questioning 
one,  he  said  his  father  was  a  coal-backer ;    he  had 
been  dead  eight  years ;  the  boy  was  nine  years 
old.    His  mother  was  alive  ;  she  went  out  charing 
and  washing  when  she  could  get  any  such  work 
to  do.    She  had  Is.  a  day  when  she  could  get  em- 
ployment, but  that  was  not  often  ;  he  remembered 
once  to  have  had  a  pair  of  shoes,  but  it  was  a  long 
time  since.     "  It  is  very  cold  in  winter,"  he  said, 
"to  stand  in  the  mud  without  shoes,"  but  he  did 
not  mind  it  in  summer.    He  had  been  three  years 
mud-larking,  and  supposed  he  should  remain  a 
mud-lark  all  his  life.    What  else  could  he  be  1  for 
there  was  nothing  else  that  he  knew  how  to  do. 
Some  days  he  earned  \d.,  and  some  days  4c?. ;  he 
never  earned  %d.  in  one  day,   that  would  have 
been  a  "jolly  lot  of  money."     He   never  found 
a  saw  or  a  hammer,  he  "only  wished"  he  could, 
they  would  be  glad  to  get  hold  of  them  at  the 
dolly's.      He    had    been   one    month   at   school 
before    he   went    mud-larking.      Some  time  ago 
he  had  gone  to   the   ragged-school;    but   he   no 
longer  went  there,  for  he  forgot  it.     He  could 
neither  read  nor  write,  and  did  not  think  he  could 
learn  if  he  tried  "  ever  so  much."    He  didn't  know 
what  religion  his  father  and  mother  were,  nor  did 
know  what  religion  meant.     God  was  God,   he 
said.      He   had  heard  he  was  good,  but  didn't 
know  what  good  he  was  to  him.     He  thought  he 
was   a  Christian,  but   he   didn't   know  what   a 
Christian  was.     He  had  heard  of  Jesus  Christ 
once,  when  he  went  to  a  CathoFic  chapel,  but  he 
never  heard  tell  of  who  or  what  he  was,  and 
didn't   "particular   care"   about  knowing.      His 
father  and  mother  were  born  in  Aberdeen,  but  he 
didn't  know  where  Aberdeen  was.      London  was 
England,  and  England,  he  said,  was  in  London, 
but  he  couldn't  tell  in  what  part.     He  could  not 
tell  where  he  would  go  to  when  he  died,  and 
didn't  believe  any  one  could  tell  that.     Prayers,  he 
told  me,  were  what  people  said  to  themselves  at 
night.     He  never  said  any,  and  didn't  know  any  ; 
his  mother  sometimes  used  to  speak  to  him  about 
them,  but  he  could  never  learn  any.     His  mother 
didn't  go  to  church  or  to  chapel,  because  she  had 


no  clothes.  All  the  money  he  got  he  gave  to  his 
mother,  and  she  bought  bread  with  it,  and  when 
they  had  no  money  they  lived  the  best  way  they 
could. 

Such  was  the  amount  of  intelligence  manifested 
by  this  unfortunate  child. 

Another  was  only  seven  years  old.  He  stated 
that  his  father  was  a  sailor  who  had  been  hurt  on 
board  ship,  and  been  unable  to  go  to  sea  for  the 
last  two  years.  He  had  two  brothers  and  a  sister, 
one  of  them  older  than  himself;  and  his  elder 
brother  was  a  mud-lark  like  himself.  The  two 
had  been  mud-larking  more  than  a  year;  they 
went  because  they  saw  other  boys  go,  and  knew 
that  they  got  money  for  the  things  they  found. 
They  were  often  hungry,  and  glad  to  do  anything 
to  get  something  to  eat.  Their  father  was  not 
able  to  earn  anything,  and  their  mother  could  get 
but  little  to  do.  They  gave  all  the  money  they 
earned  to  their  mother.  They  didn't  gamble,  and 
play  at  pitch  and  toss  when  they  had  got  some 
money,  but  some  of  the  big  boys  did  on  the 
Sunday,  when  they  didn't  go  a  mud-larking.  He 
couldn't  tell  why  they  did  nothing  on  a  Sunday, 
"  only  they  didn't ; "  though  sometimes  they  looked 
about  to  see  where  the  best  place  would  be  on  the 
next  day.  He  didn't  go  to  the  ragged  school ;  he 
should  like  to  know  how  to  read  a  book,  though  he 
couldn't  tell  what  good  it  would  do  him.  He 
didn't  like  mud  larking,  would  be  glad  of  some- 
thing else,  but  didn't  know  anything  else  that  he 
could  do. 

Another  of  the  boys  was  the  son  of  a  dock 
labourer, — casually  employed.  He  was  between 
seven  and  eight  years  of  age,  and  his  sister,  who 
was  also  a  mud-lark,  formed  one  of  the  group. 
The  mother  of  these  two  was  dead,  and  there 
were  three  children  younger  than  themselves. 

The  rest  of  the  histories  may  easily  be  imagined, 
for  there  was  a  painful  uniformity  in  the  stories 
of  all  the  children  :  they  were  either  the  chil- 
dren of  the  very  poor,  who,  by  their  own  im- 
providence or  some  overwhelming  calamity,  had 
been  reduced  to  the  extremity  of  distress,  or  else 
they  were  orphans,  and  compelled  from  utter 
destitution  to  seek  for  the  means  of  appeasing  their 
hunger  in  the  mud  of  the  river.  That  the  majority 
of  this  class  are  ignorant,  and  without  even  the 
rudiments  of  education,  and  that  many  of  them 
from  time  to  time  are  committed  to  prison  for  petty 
thefts,  cannot  be  wondered  at.  Nor  can  it  even 
excite  our  astonishment  that,  once  within  the  walls 
of  a  prison,  and  finding  how  much  more  comfort- 
able it  is  than  their  previous  condition,  they  should 
return  to  it  repeatedly.  As  for  the  females 
growing  up  under  such  circumstances,  the  worst 
may  be  anticipated  of  them ;  and  in  proof  of  this 
I  have  found,  upon  inquiry,  that  very  many  of  the 
unfortunate  creatures  who  swell  the  tide  of  prosti- 
tution in  IlatcliflF-highw.iy,  and  other  low  neigh- 
bourhoods in  the  East  of  London,  have  originally 
been  mud-larks ;  and  only  remained  at  that  occu- 
pation till  such  time  as  they  were  capable  of 
adopting  the  more  easy  and  more  lucrative  life  of 
the  prostitute. 

As  to  the  numbers  and  earnings  of  the  mud- 


LOA^DOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


157 


larks,  the  following  calculations  fall  short  of,  rather 
than  exceed,  the  truth.  From  Execution  Dock  to 
the  lower  part  of  Liraehouse  Hole,  there  are  14 
stairs  or  landing-places,  by  which  the  mud-larks 
descend  to  the  shore  in  order  to  pursue  their 
employment.  There  are  about  as  many  on  the 
opposite  side  of  the  water  similarly  frequented. 

At  King  James'  Stairs,  in  Wapping  Wall,  which 
is  nearly  a  central  position,  from  40  to  50  mud- 
larks go  down  daily  to  the  river ;  the  mud-larks 
"  using"  the  other  stairs  are  not  so  numerous.  If, 
therefore,  we  reckon  the  number  of  stairs  on  both 
sides  01  the  river  at  28,  and  the  average  number 
of  mud-larks  frequenting  them  at  10  each,  we 
shall  have  a  total  of  280.  Each  mud-lark,  it 
has  been  shown,  earns  on  an  average  Zd.  a  day,  or 
\t.  6d.  per  week  ;  so  that  the  annual  earnings  of 
each  will  be  3/.  18*.,  or  say  il.,  a  year,  and  hence 
the  gross  earnings  of  the  280  will  amount  to  rather 
more  than  1000/.  per  annum. 

But  there  are,  in  addition  to  the  mud-larks  em- 
ployed in  the  neighbourhood  of  what  may  be 
called  the  pool,  many  others  who  work  down  the 
river  at  various  places  as  far  as  Black  wall,  on  the  one 
side,  and  at  Deptford,  Greenwich,  jind  Woolwich, 
on  the  other.  These  frequent  the  neighbourhoods 
of  the  various  "yards"  along  shore,  where  vessels 
are  being  built ;  and  whence,  at  certain  times, 
chips,  small  pieces  of  wood,  bits  of  iron,  and 
copper  nails,  are  washed  out  into  the  river.  There 
is  but  little  doubt  that  this  portion  of  the  class 
earn  much  more  than  the  mud-larks  of  the  pool, 
seeing  that  they  are  especially  convenient  to  the 
places  where  the  iron  vessels  are  constructed ;  so 
that  the  presumption  is,  that  the  number  of  mud- 
larks "at  work"  on  the  banks  of  the  Thames 
(especially  if  we  include  those  above  bridge),  and 
the  value  of  the  property  extracted  by  them  from 
the  mud  of  the  river,  may  be  fairly  estimated  at 
double  that  which  is  stated  above,  or  say  550 
gaining  2000/.  per  annum. 

As  an  illustration  of  the  doctrines  I  have  en- 
deavoured to  enforce  throughout  this  publication, 
I  cite  the  following  history  of  one  of  the  above 
class.  It  may  serve  to  teach  those  who  are  still 
sceptical  as  to  the  degrading  influence  of  circum- 
stances upon  the  poor,  that  many  of  the  humbler 
cUsses,  if  placed  in  the  same  easy  position  as  our- 
selves, would  become,  perhaps,  quite  as  "  respect- 
able" members  of  society. 

The  lad  of  whom  I  speak  was  discovered  by 
me  now  nearly  two  years  ago  "  mud-larking "  on 
the  banks  of  the  river  near  the  docks.  He  was 
a  quick,  intelligent  little  fellow,  and  had  been  at 
the  business,  he  told  me,  about  three  years.  He 
had  taken  to  mud-larking,  he  said,  because  his 
clothes  were  too  bad  for  him  to  look  for  any- 
thing better.  He  worked  every  day,  with  20 
or  30  boys,  who  might  all  he  seen  at  day- 
break with  their  trowsers  tucked  up,  groping 
about,  and  picking  out  the  pieces  of  coal  from 
the  mud  on  the  banks  of  the  Thames.  He  went 
into  the  river  up  to  his  knees,  and  in  searching 
the  mod  he  often  ran  pieces  of  gUss  and  long 
nails  into  his  feet.  When  this  was  the  case,  he 
went  boBw  Mid  dressed  the  wounds,  but  returned 


to  the  river-side  directly,  "  for  should  the  tide 
come  up,"  he  added,  "  without  my  having  found 
something,  why  I  must  starve  till  next  low  tide." 
In  the  very  cold  weather  he  and  his  other  shoe- 
less companions  used  to  stand  in  the  hot  water 
that  ran  down  the  river  side  from  some  of  the 
steam-factories,  to  warm  their  frozen  feet. 

At  first  he  found  it  difficult  to  keep  his  footing 
in  the  mud,  and  he  had  known  many  beginners 
fall  in.  He  came  to  my  house,  at  my  request,  the 
morning  after  my  first  meeting  with  him.  It 
was  the  depth  of  winter,  and  the  poor  little  fellow 
was  nearly  destitute  of  clothing.  His  trousers 
were  worn  away  up  to  his  knees,  he  had  no  shirt, 
and  his  legs  and  feet  (which  were  bare)  were 
covered  with  chilblains.  On  being  questioned  by 
me  he  gave  the  following  account  of  his  life  : — 

He  was  fourteen  years  old.  He  had  two 
sisters,  one  fifteen  and  the  other  twelve  years  of 
age.  His  father  had  been  dead  nine  years.  The 
man  had  been  a  coal-whipper,  and,  from  getting 
his  work  from  one  of  the  publican  employers  in 
those  days,  had  become  a  confirmed  drunkard. 
When  he  married  he  held  a  situation  in  a  ware- 
house, where  his  wife  managed  the  first  year  to 
save  il.  10s.  out  of  her  husband's  earnings ;  but 
from  the  day  he  took  to  coal- whipping  she  had 
never  saved  one  halfpenny,  indeed  she  and  her 
children  were  often  left  to  starve.  The  man 
(whilst  in  a  state  of  intoxication)  had  fallen  be- 
tween two  barges,  and  the  injuries  he  received 
had  been  so  severe  that  he  had  lingered  in  a 
helpless  state  for  three  years  before  his  death. 
After  her  husband's  decease  the  poor  woman's 
neighbours  subscribed  1/.  55.  for  her;  with  this 
sum  she  opened  a  greengrocer's  shop,  and  got  on 
very  well  for  five  years. 

When  the  boy  was  nine  years  old  his  mother 
sent  him  to  the  Red  Lion  school  at  Green-bank, 
near  Old  Gravel-lane,  Ratcliflfe-highway;  she  paid 
Id.  a  week  for  his  learning.  He  remained  there 
for  a  year;  then  the  potato-rot  came,  and  his 
mother  lost  upon  all  she  bought.  About  the 
same  time  two  of  her  customers  died  30s.  in  her 
debt;  this  loss,  together  with  the  potato-disease, 
completely  ruined  her,  and  the  whole  family  had 
been  in  the  greatest  poverty  from  that  period. 
Then  she  was  obliged  to  take  all  her  children 
from  their  school,  that  they  might  help  to  keep 
themselves  as  best  they  could.  Her  eldest  girl 
sold  fish  in  the  streets,  and  the  boy  went  to  the 
river-side  to  "pick  up"  his  living.  The  change, 
however,  was  so  great  that  shortly  afterwards 
the  little  fellow  lay  ill  eighteen  weeks  with  the 
ague.  As  soon  as  the  boy  recovered  his  mother 
and  his  two  sisters  were  "  taken  bad "  with 
a  fever.  The  poor  woman  went  into  the  "  Great 
House, "  and  the  children  were  taken  to  the  Fever 
Hospital.  When  the  mother  returned  home  she 
was  too  weak  to  work,  and  all  she  had  to  depend 
on  was  what  her  boy  brought  from  the  river. 
They  had  nothing  to  eat  and  no  money  until 
the  little  fellow  had  been  down  to  the  shore  and 
picked  up  some  coals,  selling  them  for  a  trifie. 
"  And  hard  enough  he  had  to  work  for  what  hd 
got,  poor  boy,"  said  his  mother  to  me  oo  «  future 


158 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


occasion,  sobbing;  "still  he  never  complained, 
but  was  quite  proud  when  he  broujj:ht  home 
enough  for  us  to  get  a  bit  of  meat  with  ;  and 
when  he  has  sometimes  seen  me  down-hearted, 
he  has  clung  round  my  neck,  and  assured  me 
that  one  day  God  would  see  us  cared  for  if  I 
would  put  my  trust  in  Him,"  As  soon  as  his 
mother  was  well  enough  she  sold  fruit  in  the 
streets,  or  went  out  washing  when  she  could  get 
a  day's  work. 

The  lad  suffered  much  from  the  pieces  of  broken 
glass  in  the  mud.  Some  little  time  before  I  met 
with  him  he  had  run  a  copper  nail  into  his  foot. 
This  lamed  him  for  three  months,  and  his  mother 
was  obliged  to  carry  him  on  her  back  every  morn- 
ing to  the  doctor.  As  soon,  however,  as  he  could 
"  hobble "  (to  use  his  mother's  own  words)  he 
went  back  to  the  river,  and  often  returned  (after 
many  hours'  hard  work  in  the  mud)  with  only  a 
few  pieces  of  coal,  not  enough  to  sell  even  to  get 
them  a  bit  of  bread.  One  evening,  as  he  was 
warming  his  feet  in  the  water  that  ran  from  a 
steam  factory,  he  heard  some  boys  talking  about 
the  Ragged  School  in  High-street,  Wapping. 

"They  was  saying  what  they  used  to  learn 
there,"  added  the  boy.  "  They  asked  me  to  come 
along  with  them  for  it  was  great  fun.  They  told 
me  that  all  the  boys  used  to  be  laughing  and 
making  game  of  the  master.  They  said  they  used 
to  put  out  the  gas  and  chuck  the  slates  all  about. 
They  told  me,  too,  that  there  was  a  good  fire  there, 
80  I  went  to  have  a  warm  and  see  what  it  was 
like.  When  I  got  there  the  master  was  very 
kind  to  me.  They  used  to  give  us  tea-parties,  and 
to  keep  us  quiet  they  used  to  show  us  the  magic 
lantern.  I  soon  got  to  like  going  there,  and  went 
every  night  for  six  months.  There  was  about  40  or 
60  boys  in  the  school.  The  most  of  them  was 
thieves,  and  they  used  to  go  thieving  the  coals  out 
of  barges  along  shore,  and  cutting  the  ropes  off  ships, 
and  going  and  selling  it  at  the  rag-shops.  They 
used  to  get|(i.  a  lb.  for  the  rope  when  dry,  and  \d. 
when  wet  Some  used  to  steal  pudding  out  of  shops 
and  hand  it  to  those  outside,  and  the  last  boy  it 
was  handed  to  would  go  off  with  it.  They  used  to 
steal  bacon  and  bread  sometimes  as  well.  About 
half  of  the  boys  at  the  school  was  thieves.  Some  had 
work  to  do  at  ironmongers,  lead-factories,  engineers, 
soap-boilers,  and  so  on,  and  some  had  no  work 
to  do  and  was  good  boys  still.  After  we  came 
out  of  school  at  nine  o'clock  at  night,  some  of  ttie 
bad  boys  would  go  a  thieving,  perhaps  half-a-dozen 
and  from  that  to  eight  would  go  out  in  a  gang 
together.     There  was  one  big  boy  of  the  name  of 

C ;  he  was  18  years  old,  and  is  in  prison  now 

for  stealing  bacon  ;  I  think  he  is  in  the  House  of 

Correction.     This  C used  to  go  out  of  school 

before  any  of  us,  and  wait  outside  the  door  as  the 
other  boys  came  out.  Then  he  would  call  the 
boys  he  wanted  for  his  gangs  on  one  side,  and  tell 
them  where  to  go  and  steal.  He  used  to  look  out 
in  the  daytime  for  shops  where  things  could  be 
*  prigged,'  and  at  night  he  would  tell  the  boys  to 
go  to  them.  He  was  called  the  captain  of  the 
gangs.  He  had  about  three  gangs  altogether  with 
him,  and  there  were  from  six  to  eight  boys  in  each 


gang.  The  boys  used  to  bring  what  they  stole  to 
C ,  and  he  used  to  share  it  with  them.  I  be- 
longed to  one  of  the  gangs.  There  were  six  boys 
altogether  in  my  gang ;  the  biggest  lad,  that 
knovved  all  about  the  thieving,  was  the  captain  of 

the  gang  I  was  in,  and  0 was  captain  over  him 

and  over  all  of  us. 

"  There  was  two  brothers  of  them ;  you  seed 
them,  sir,  the  night  you  first  met  me.     The  other 

boys,  as  was  in  my  gang,  was  B B ,  and 

B L ,  and  W B ,  and  a  boy  we 

used  to  call  'Tim;'  these,  with  myself,  used  to 
make  up  one  of  the  gangs,  and  we  all  of  us  used 
to  go  a  thieving  every  night  after  school-hours. 
When  the  tide  would  be  right  up,  and  we 
had  nothing  to  do  along  shore,  we   used   to  go 

thieving  in  the  daytime  as  well.     It  was  B 

B ,  and    B L ,  as  first  put  me  up 

to  go  thieving;  they  took  me  with  them,  one 
night,  up  the  lane  [New  Gravel-lane],  and  I  see 
them  take  some  bread  out  of  a  baker's,  and  they 
wasn't  found  out ;  and,  after  that,  I  used  to  go 

with    them    regular.      Then    I    joined    G 's 

gang;  and,  after  that,   C came  and  told  us 

that  his  gang  could  do  better  than  oum,  and  he 
asked  us  to  join  our  gang  to  his'n,  and  we  did  so. 
Sometimes  we  used  to  make  35.  or  is.  a  day; 
or  about  Qd.  apiece.  While  waiting  outside  the 
school-doors,  before  they  opened,  we  used  to  plan 
up  where  we  would  go  thieving  after  school  was 
over.  I  was  taken  up  once  for  thieving  coals 
myself,  but  I  was  let  go  again." 

I  was  so  much  struck  with  the  boy's  truth- 
fulness of  manner,  that  I  asked  him,  would,  he 
really  lead  a  different  life,  if  he  saw  a  means 
of  so  doing  1  He  assured  me  he  would,  and 
begged  me  earnestly  to  try  him.  Upon  his 
leaving  me,  2s.  were  given  him  for  his  trouble. 
This  small  sum  (I  afterwards  learned)  kept  the 
family  for  more  than  a  fortnight.  The  girl  laid  it 
out  in  sprats  (it  being  then  winter-time) ;  these 
she  sold  in  the  streets. 

I  mentioned  the  fact  to  a  literary  friend,  who 
interested  himself  in  the  boy's  welfare ;  and  even- 
tually succeeded  in  procuring  him  a  situation  at  an 
eminent  printer's.  The  subjoined  letter  will  show 
how  the  lad  conducted  himself  while  there. 

"  Whitefriars,  April  22, 1850. 
"Messrs.  Bradbury  and  Evans  beg  to  say  that  the 
boy  J.  C.  has  conducted  himself  in  a  very  satisfactory 
manner  since  he  has  been  in  their  employment." 

The  same  literary  friend  took  the  girl  into  his 
service.  She  is  in  a  situation  still,  though  not  in 
the  same  family. 

The  boy  now  holds  a  good  situation  at  one  of  the 
daily  newspaper  offices.  So  well  has  he  behaved 
himself,  that,  a  few  weeks  since,  his  wages  were 
increased  from  6«.  to  9s.  per  week.  His  mother 
(owing  to  the  boy's  exertions)  has  now  a  little 
shop,  and  is  doing  well. 

This  simple  story  requires  no  comments,  and  is 
narrated  here  in  the  hope  that  it  may  teach  many 
to  know  how  often  the  poor  boys  reared  in  the 
gutter  are  thieves,  merely  because  society  forbids 
them  being  honest  lads. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


159 


0*   THB   toHDOir  DlSTMBN,    NiGHTMKN,    SWKEPS, 
AND    SCAVEKGEKS. 

Tbbsb  men  constitute  a  large  body,  and  are  a 
daM  who,  all  things  considered,  do  their  work 
silently  and  efficiently.  Almost  without  the  cog- 
nisance of  the  mass  of  the  people,  the  refuse  is 
removed  from  our  streets  and  houses;  and  London, 
as  if  in  the  care  of  a  tidy  housewife,  is  always 
being  cleaned.  Great  as  are  the  faults  and  ab- 
surdities of  many  parts  of  our  system  of  public 
cleansing,  nevertheless,  when  compared  with  the 
state  of  things  in  any  continental  capital,  the 
superiority  of  the  metropolis  of  Great  Britain  is 
indisputable. 

In  all  this  matter  there  is  little  merit  to  be 
attributed  to  the  workmen,  except  that  they  may 
be  well  drilled ;  for  the  majority  of  them  are  as 
moch  machines,  apart  from  their  animation,  as  are 
the  cane  and  whalebone  made  to  cleanse  the 
chimney,  or  the  clumsy-looking  machine  which, 
in  its  progress,  is  a  vehicular  scavenger,  sweeping 
u  it  goes. 


These  public  cleansers  are  to  be  thus  classi- 
fied :— 

1.  Dustmen,  or  those  who  empty  and  remove 
the  collection  of  ashes,  bones,  vegetables,  &c., 
deposited  in  the  dust-bins,  or  other  refuse  recep- 
tacles throughout  the  metropolis. 

2.  Nightmen,  or  those  who  remove  the  contents 
of  the  cesspools. 

3.  Sweeps,  or  those  who  remove  the  soot  from 
the  chimneys. 

4.  Scavengers,  or  those  who  remove  the  dirt 
from  the  streets,  roads,  and  markets. 

Let  me,  however,  before  proceeding  further 
with  the  subject,  lay  before  the  reader  the  follow- 
ing important  return  as  to  the  extent  and  contents 
of  this  prodigious  city  :  for  this  document  I  am 
indebted  to  the  Commissioners  of  Police,  gentle- 
men from  whom  I  have  derived  the  most  valiialile 
information  since  the  commencement  of  my  in- 
quiries, and  to  whose  courtesy  and  consideration 
I  am  anxious  to  acknowledge  my  many  obliga- 
tions. 


RETDEN  SHOWING  THE  EXTENT,  POPULATION,  AND  POLICE  FORCE  IN  THE 
METKOPOLITAN  POLICE  DISTRICT  AND  THE  CITY  OF  LONDON  IN  SEPTEM- 
BER, 1850. 


Area (in  square  miles) 

Parishes 

Streets,  Roads,  &c.  (length  of,  in  miles) 
Number  of  Houses  inhabited    . 
„  „         uninhabited 

„  „         being  built 

Population 

Police  Force 


Metropolitan  Police  District*. 


Inner 
District  t. 


91 

82 

1,700 

289,912 

11,868 

4.634 

1,986,629 

4,844 


Outer 
District. 


609i 

136 

1,936 

59.995 

1,437 

1,097 

850,831 

660 


Total. 

TOOi 

218 

3,636 

349,907 

13,:i05 

5,731 

2,836,960 

6.604 


City  of 
London  %, 


1| 
97 

60 

15,613 

3S7 

23 

125,000 

668 


Grand 
Total. 


702i 

315 

3.686 

865,520 

13,692 

5,754 

2,461,960 

6,072 


18tA  September,  1850. 


lies  ftom  Charing  Cross ;  the 
on  the  S.,  Epsom ;  on  the  E., 


♦  The  Metropolitan  Police  District  comprises  a  circle,  the  radius  of  which  is  13 
cstmn*  btMindary  on  ihe  N.  include*  the  parish  of  Chcshunt  and  South  Mimms 
DsKPnham  and  Crayford  ;  and  on  the  W.,  Uxbridee  and  Staines 

t  The  inner  district  includes  the  parish  of  St.  John,  Hampstead,  on  the  N. ;  Tooting  and  Streatham  on  the  S. ; 
Ealing  and  Brentford  on  the  W. ;  and  Greenwich  on  the  E. 

The  Registrar  General's  District  is  equal,  or  nearly  so,  to  the  inner  Metropolitan  Police  District. 

t  The  City  of  London  is  bounded  on  the  S.  by  the  River,  on  the  E.  by  Whitechapel,  on  the  W.  by  Chancery 
Lane,  and  N.  by  Finsbury. 


The  total  here  given  can  hardly  be  considered  as 
the  dimensions  of  the  metropolis ;  though,  where 
the  capiul  begins  and  ends,  it  is  difficult  to  say. 
If,  however.  London  be  regarded  as  concentring 
within  the  Inner  Police  District,  then,  adding  the 
extent  and  contents  of  that  district  to  those  of  the 
City,  as  above  detailed,  we  have  the  subjoined  sute- 
ment  as  to  the  dimensions  and  inhabitants  of  the 
Metropolis  Proper. 

Area  92|  square  miles. 

Parishes  .179 

Length  of  street,  roads,  &C.  1750  miles. 

Ntmiber    of     inhabited  1    a^,,  roK 
bouses       .         .       ;  ^^^'^26 

Ditto  uninhabited  .     12,255 

!» ' r  '     '•  .        4657 

2.111.629 


But  if  the  extent  of  even  this  "  inner  district  " 
be  so  vast  as  almost  to  overpower  the  mind  with 
its  magnitude — if  its  population  be  greater  than 
that  of  the  entire  kingdom  of  Hanover,  and  almost 
equal  to  that  of  the  republic  of  Switzerland — if 
its  houses  be  so  numerous  that  placed  side  by  side 
they  would  form  one  continuous  line  of  dwellings 
from  its  centre  to  Moscow — if  its  streets  and  roads 
be  nearly  equal  in  length  to  one  quarter  of  the 
diameter  of  the  earth  itself, — what  a  task  must  the 
cleansing  of  such  a  bricken  wilderness  be,  and  yet, 
assuredly,  though  it  be  by  far  the  greatest,  it  is 
at  the  same  time  by  far  the  cleanest  city  in  the 
world. 

The  removal  of  tbe  refuse  of  a  large  town  is, 
perhaps,  one  of  the  most  important  of  social  ope- 
rations. Not  only  is  it  necessary  for  the  well- 
heinjr  of  «  xpoi  aggregation  of  people    that  th.- 


r 


160 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ordure  should  be  removed  from  both  within  and 
around  their  dwellinga  as  soon  as  it  is  generated, 
but  nature,  ever  working  in  a  circle  and  repro- 
ducing in  the  same  ratio  as  she  destroys,  has  made 
this  same  ordure  not  only  the  cause  of  present 
disease  when  allowed  to  remain  within  the  city, 
but  the  means  of  future  health  and  sustenance 
when  removed  to  the  fields. 

In  a  leading  article  in  the  Morning  Chronicle, 
written  about  two  years  since,  I  said — 

"  That  man  gets  his  bones  from  the  rocks  and 
his  muscles  from  the  atmosphere,  is  beyond  all 
doubt.  The  iron  in  his  blood  and  the  lime  in 
his  teeth  were  originally  in  the  soil.  But  these 
could  not  be  in  his  body  unless  they  had  pre- 
viously formed  part  of  his  food.  And  yet  we  can 
neither  live  on  air  nor  on  stones.  We  cannot 
grow  fat  upon  lime,  and  iron  is  positively  indi- 
gestible in  our  stomachs.  It  is  by  means  of  the 
vegetable  creation  alone  that  we  are  enabled  to 
convert  the  mineral  into  flesh  and  blood.  The 
only  apparent  use  of  herbs  and  plants  is  to  change 
the  inorganic  earth,  air,  and  water,  into  organic 
substances  fitted  for  the  nutrition  of  animals. 
The  little  lichen,  which,  by  means  of  the  oxalic 
acid  that  it  secretes,  decomposes  the  rocks  to  which 
it  clings,  and  fits  their  lime  for  '  assimilation  '  with 
higher  organisms,  is,  as  it  were,  but  the  primitive 
bone-maker  of  the  world.  By  what  subtle  trans- 
mutation inorganic  nature  is  changed  into  organic, 
and  dead  inert  matter  quickened  with  life,  is  far 
beyond  us  even  to  conjecture.  Suffice  it  that  an 
express  apparatus  is  required  for  the  process — a 
special  mechanism  to  convert  the  'crust  of  the 
earth,'  as  it  is  called,  into  food  for  man  and  beast. 

"  Now,  in  Nature  everything  moves  in  a  circle 
— perpetually  changing,  and  yet  ever  returning 
to  the  point  whence  it  started.  Our  bodies  are 
continually  decomposing  and  recomposiug — indeed, 
the  very  process  of  breathing  is  but  one  of  de- 
composition. As  animals  live  on  vegetables,  even 
so  is  the  refuse  of  the  animal  the  vegetable's  food. 
The  carbonic  acid  which  comes  from  our  lungs, 
and  which  is  poison  for  us  to  inhale,  is  not  only 
the  vital  air  of  plants,  but  positively  their  nutri- 
ment. With  the  same  wondrous  economy  that 
marks  all  creation,  it  has  been  ordained  that  what 
is  unfitted  for  the  support  of  the  superior  organisms, 
is  of  all  substances  the  best  adapted  to  give 
strength  and  vigour  to  the  inferior.  That  which 
we  excrete  as  pollution  to  our  system,  they  secrete 
as  nourishment  to  theirs.  Plants  are  not  only 
Nature's  scavengers  but  Nature's  purifiers.  They 
remove  the  filth  from  the  earth,  as  well  as  dis- 
infect the  atmosphere,  and  fit  it  to  be  breathed  by 
a  higher  order  of  beings.  Without  the  vegetable 
creation  the  animal  could  neither  have  been  nor 
be.  Plants  not  only  fitted  the  earth  originally  for 
the  residence  of  man  and  the  brute,  but  to  this 
day  they  continue  to  render  it  habitable  to  us. 
For  this  end  their  nature  has  been  made  the  very 
antithesis  to  ours.  The  process  by  which  we  live 
is  the  process  by  which  they  are  destroyed.  That 
which  supports  rt-spiration  in  us  produces  putrefac- 
tion in  them.  What  our  lungs  throw  off,  their  lungs 
absorb — what  our  bodies  reject,  their  roots  imbibe.  } 


"  Hence,  in  order  that  the  balance  of  waste 
and  supply  should  be  maintained— that  the  prin- 
ciple of  universal  compensation  should  be  kept  up, 
and  that  what  is  rejected  by  us  should  go  to  the 
sustenance  of  plants.  Nature  has  given  us  several 
instinctive  motives  to  remove  our  refuse  from  us. 
She  has  not  only  constituted  that  which  we  egest 
the  most  loathsome  of  all  things  to  our  senses  and 
imagination,  but  she  has  rendered  its  effluvium 
highly  pernicious  to  our  health — sulphuretted 
hydrogen  being  at  once  the  most  deleterious  and 
offensive  of  all  gases.  Consequently,  as  in  all  other 
cases  where  the  great  law  of  Nature  has  to  be 
enforced  by  special  sanctions,  a  double  motive  has 
been  given  us  to  do  that  which  it  is  necessary  for  us 
to  do,  and  thus  it  has  been  made  not  only  advan- 
tageous to  us  to  remove  our  refuse  to  the  fields, 
but  positively  detrimental  to  our  health,  and  dis- 
gusting to  our  senses,  to  keep  it  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  our  houses. 

"  In  every  well-regulated  State,  therefore,  an 
effective  and  rapid  means  for  carrying  off  the  or- 
dure of  the  people  to  a  locality  where  it  may  be 
fruitful  instead  of  destructive,  becomes  a  most  im- 
portant consideration.  Both  the  health  and  the 
wealth  of  the  nation  depend  upon  it.  If  to  make  two 
blades  of  wheat  grow  where  one  grew  before  is  to 
confer  a  benefit  on  the  Avorld,  surely  to  remove 
that  which  will  enable  us  at  once  to  do  this,  and 
to  purify  the  very  air  which  we  breathe,  as  well 
as  the  water  which  we  drink,  must  be  a  still  greater 
boon  to  society.  It  is,  in  fact,  to  give  the  com- 
munity not  only  a  double  amount  of  food,  but  a 
double  amount  of  health  to  enjoy  it.  We  are  now 
beginning  to  understand  this.  Up  to  the  present 
time  we  have  only  thought  of  removing  our  refuse 
— the  idea  of  using  it  never  entered  our  minds. 
It  was  not  until  science  taught  us  the  dependence 
of  one  order  of  creation  upon  another,  that  we 
began  to  see  that  what  appeared  worse  than  worth- 
less to  us  was  Nature's  capital — wealth  set  aside 
forfutit,re  jprodtictioji." 

In  connection  with  this  part  of  the  subject, 
viz.,  the  use  of  human  refuse,  I  would  here  draw 
attention  to  those  erroneous  notions,  as  to  the 
multiplication  of  the  people,  which  teach  us  to 
look  upon  the  increase  of  the  population  beyond 
certain  limits  as  the  greatest  possible  evil  that  can 
befall  a  communit}'.  Population,  it  is  said,  mul- 
tiplies itself  in  a  geometrical  ratio,  whereas  the 
produce  of  the  land  is  increased  only  in  arith- 
metical proportion ;  that  is  to  say,  while  the 
people  are  augmented  after  the  rate  of — 

2        4        8        16        32        64 
the  quantity  of  food  for  them  can  be  extended 
only  in  the  following  degrees  : — 

2  4  6  8  10  12 
The  cause  of  this  is  said  to  be  that,  after  a  certain 
stage  in  the  cultivation  of  the  soil,  the  increase 
of  the  produce  from  land  is  not  in  proportion  to 
the  increase  of  labour  devoted  to  it ;  that  is  to 
say,  doubling  the  labour  does  not  double  the 
crop  ;  and  hence  it  is  asserted  that  the  human 
race  increasing  at  a  quicker  rate  than  the  food, 
insufficient  sustenance  must  be  the  necessary  lot 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


161 


of  a  portion  of  the  people  in  every  densely-popu- 
lated community. 

That  men  of  intelligence  and  education  should 
have  been  persuaded  by  so  plausible  a  doctrine  at 
the  time  of  its  first  promulgation  may  be  readily 
conceived,  for  then  the  notions  concerning  organic 
chemistry  were  vague  in  the  extreme,  and  the 
great  universal  law  of  Waste  and  Supply  remained 
to  be  fully  developed ;  but  that  men  pretending 
to  the  least  scientific  knowledge  should  in  these 
days  be  found  advocating  the  Population  Theory 
is  only  another  of  the  many  proofs  of  the  indispo- 
sition of  even  the  strongest  minds  to  abandon 
their  pet  prejudices.  Assuredly  Malthus  and 
Liebig  are  incompatible.  If  the  new  notions  as 
to  the  chemistry  of  vegetation  be  true,  then  must 
the  old  notions  as  to  population  be  utterly  un- 
founded. If  what  we  excrete  plants  secrete — if 
what  we  exhale  they  inspire — if  our  refuse  is  their 
food — then  it  follows  that  to  increase  the  population 
is  to  increase  the  quantity  of  manure,  while  to  in- 
crease the  manure  is  to  augment  the  food  of  plants, 
and  consequently  the  plants  themselves.  If  the 
plants  nourish  us,  we  at  least  nourish  them.  It 
seems  never  to  have  occurred  to  the  economists 
that  plants  themselves  required  sustenance,  and 
consequently  they  never  troubled  themselves  to 
inquire  whence  they  derived  the  elements  of  their 
growth.  Had  they  done  this  they  would  never  have 
even  expected  that  a  double  quantity  of  mere 
labour  upon  the  soil  should  have  doubled  the  pro- 
duce ;  but  they  would  rather  have  seen  that  it  was 
utterly  impossible  for  the  produce  to  be  doubled 
without  the  food  in  the  soil  being  doubled  like- 
wise ;  that  is  to  say,  they  would  have  perceived 
that  plants  could  not,  whatever  the  labour  exerted 
upon  their  cultivation,  extract  the  elements  of 
their  organization  from  the  earth  and  air,  unless 
those  elements  previously  existed  in  the  land  and 
atmosphere  in  which  they  grew,  and  that  such 
elements,  moreover,  could  not  exist  there  without 
some  organic  being  to  egest  them. 

This  doctrine  of  the  universal  Compensation 
extending  throughout  the  material  world,  and 
more  especially  through  the  animal  and  vegetable 
kingdom,  is,  perhaps,  one  of  the  grandest  and 
most  consoling  that  science  has  yet  revealed  to 
us,  making  each  mutually  dependent  on  the 
other,  and  so  contributing  each  to  the  other's 
support.  Moreover  it  is  the  more  comforting,  as 
enabling  us  almost  to  demonstrate  the  falsity  of  a 
creed  which  is  opposed  to  every  generous  impulse 
of  oor  nature,  and  which  is  utterly  irreconcilable 
with  the  attributes  of  the  Creator. 

"  Thanks  to  organic  chemistry,"  I  said  two 
yean  ago  in  the  Morning  Chronicle,  "  we  are 
beginning  to  wake  up.  Science  has  taught  us 
tliat  the  remoTal  of  the  ordure  of  towns  to  the 
fields  is  a  question  that  concerns  not  only  our 
health,  but,  what  is  a  far  more  important  con- 
sideration with  us,  our  breeches  pockets.  What 
we,  in  our  ignorance,  had  misuken  for  refuse  of 
the  vilest  kind,  we  have  n»w  learned  to  regard  as 
being,  with  ref«?rence  to  iu  fertilizing  virtues,  *  u 
precious  ore,  running  in  rich  veins  beneath  the 
snriact  of  our  sueots.'     WberMS,  if  allowed  to 


reek  and  seethe  in  cesspools  within  scent  of  our 
very  hearths,  or  to  pollute  the  water  that  we 
use  to  quench  our  thirst  and  cook  our  food,  it 
becomes,  like  all  wealth  badly  applied,  converted 
into  '  poison : '  as  Romeo  says  of  gold  to  the 
apothecary — 

♦  Doing  more  murders  in  this  loathsome  world 
Than  those  poor  compounds  which  thou  mayst  not 
sell.' 

"  Formerly,  in  our  eagerness  to  get  rid  of  the 
pollution,  we  had  literally  not  looked  beyond  our 
noses  :  hence  our  only  care  was  to  carry  off  the 
nuisance  from  the  immediate  vicinity  of  our  own 
residences.  It  was  no  matter  to  us  what  became 
of  it,  so  long  as  it  did  not  taint  the  atmosphere 
around  us.  This  the  very  instincts  of  our  nature 
had  made  objectionable  to  us ;  so  we  laid  down 
just  as  many  drains  and  sewers  as  would  carry 
our  night-soil  to  the  nearest  stream  ;  and  thus, 
instead  of  poisoning  the  air  that  we  breathed,  we 
poisoned  the  water  that  we  drank.  Then,  as  the 
town  extended — for  cities,  like  mosaic  work,  are 
put  together  piecemeal — street  being  dovetailed  to 
street,  like  county  to  county  in  our  children's  geo- 
graphical puzzles — each  new  row  of  houses  tailed 
on  its  drains  to  those  of  its  neighbours,  without  any 
inquiry  being  made  as  to  whether  they  were  on 
the  same  level  or  not.  The  consequence  of  this 
is,  that  the  sewers  in  many  parts  of  our  metropolis 
are  subject  to  an  ebb  and  flood  like  their  central 
stream,  so  that  the  pollution  which  they  remove 
at  low-water,  they  regularly  bring  back  at  high- 
water  to  the  very  doors  of  the  houses  whence 
they  carried  it. 

"  According  to  the  average  of  the  returns,  from 
1841  to  1846,  we  are  paying  two  millions  every 
year  for  guano,  bone-dust,  and  other  foreign  fer- 
tilizers of  our  soil.  In  1845,  we  employed  no 
fewer  than  683  ships  to  bring  home  220,000  tons 
of  animal  manure  from  Ichaboe  alone;  and  yet 
we  are  every  day  emptying  into  the  Thames 
115,000  tons  of  a  substance  which  has  been 
proved  to  be  possessed  of  even  greater  fertilizing 
powers.  With  200  tons  of  the  sewage  that  we 
are  wont  to  regard  as  refuse,  applied  to  the  irriga- 
tion of  one  acre  of  meadow  land,  seven  crops,  we 
are  told,  have  been  produced  in  the  year,  each  of 
them  worth  from  6/.  to  7/. ;  so  that,  considering 
the  produce  to  have  been  doubled  by  these  means, 
we  have  an  increase  of  upwards  of  20^.  per  acre  per 
annum  effected  by  the  application  of  that  refuse  to 
the  surface  of  our  fields.  This  return  is  at  the  rate 
of  10/.  for  every  100  tons  of  sewage  ;  and,  since 
the  total  amount  of  refuse  discharged  into  the 
Thames  from  the  sewers  of  the  metropolis  is,  in 
round  numbers,  40,000,000  tons  per  annum,  it 
follows  that,  according  to  such  estimate,  we  are 
positively  wasting  4,000, OOOf.  of  money  every  year  ; 
or,  rather,  it  costs  us  tlcat  amount  to  poison  Oie 
vxiters  about  us.  Or,  granting  that  the  fertiliz- 
ing power  of  the  metropolitan  refuse  is — as  it  is 
said  to  be — as  great  for  arable  as  for  pasture- 
Unds,  then  for  every  200  tons  of  manure  that 
we  now  cast  away,  we  might  have  an  increase  of 
at  least  20  bushels  of  com  per  acre.  Conse- 
I  queutly  the  entire  40,000,000  tons  of  sewage,  if 


162 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


applied  to  fatten  the  land  instead  of  to  poison  the 
water,  would,  at  such  a  rate  of  increase,  swell 
our  produce  to  the  extent  of  4,000,000  bushels 
of  wheat  per  annum.  Calculating  then  that  each 
of  these  bushels  would  yield  16  quartern  loaves, 
it  would  follow  that  we  fling  into  the  Thames  no 
less  than  246,000,000  lbs.  of  bread  every  year; 
or,  still  worse,  by  pouring  into  the  river  that 
which,  if  spread  upon  our  fields,  woidd  enable 
thousands  to  live,  we  convert  the  elements  of 
life  and  health  into  the  germs  of  disease  and 
death,  changing  into  slow  but  certain  poisons  that 
which,  in  the  subtle  transmutation  of  organic 
nature,  would  become  acres  of  life-sustaining 
grain."  I  shall  have  more  to  say  subsequently 
on  this  waste  and  its  consequences. 

These  considerations  show  how  vastly  import- 


ant it  is  that  in  the  best  of  all  possible  ways 
we  should  collect,  remove,  and  use  the  scavengerj' 
and  exi;rementitious  matter  of  our  streets  and 
houses. 

Now  the  removal  of  the  refuse  of  London  ia 
no  slight  task,  consisting,  as  it  does,  of  the  cleans- 
ing of  1750  miles  of  streets  and  roads;  of  col-; 
lecting  the  dust  from  300,000  dust-bins  ;  of 
emptying  (according  to  the  returns  of  the  Board 
of  Health)  the  same  number  of  cesspools,  and 
sweeping  near  upon  3,000,000  chimneys. 

A  task  so  vast  it  might  naturally  be  imagined 
would  give  employment  to  a  number  of  hands, 
and  yet,  if  we  trusted  the  returns  of  the  Occupa- 
tion Abstract  of  1841,  the  whole  of  these  stupen- 
dous operations  are  performed  by  a  limited  number 
of  individuals. 


RETURN  OF  THE  NUMBER.  OF  SWEEPS,  DUSTMEN,  AND  NiGHTMEN  IN  tMe 
METROPOLIS,  ACCORDINa  TO  THE  CENSUS  OP  ISil. 


Total. 

Males. 

Females. 

20  years  and 
upwards. 

Under  20. 

20  years  and 
upwards. 

Under  20. 

Chimney  Sweepers 

Scavengers  and  Nightmen      .     .    . 

1033 

254 

619 

227 

370 
10 

44 

17 

I  am  informed  by  persons  in  the  trade  that  the 
"  females "  here  mentioned  as  chimney-sweepers, 
and  scavengers,  and  nightmen,  must  be  such  widows 
or  daughters  of  sweeps  and  nightmen  as  have  suc- 
ceeded to  their  businesses,  for  that  no  women  work 
at  such  trades  ;  excepting,  perhaps,  in  the  manage- 
ment and  care  of  the  soot,  in  assisting  to  empty  and 
fill  the  bags.  Many  females,  however,  are  em- 
ployed in  sifting  dust,  but  the  calling  of  the  dust- 
man and  dustwoman  is  not  so  much  as  noticed  in 
the  population  returns. 

According  to  the  occupation  abstract  of  the 
previous  decennial  period,  the  number  of  males 
of  20  years  and  upwards  (for  none  others  were 
mentioned)  pursuing  the  same  callings  in  the 
metropolis  in  1831,  were  as  follows  : — 

Soot  and  chimney-sweepers  .     .     .  421 
Nightmen  and  scavengers     .     .     .130 

Hence  the  increase  in  the  adult  male  operatives 
belonging  to  these  trades,  between  1831  and  1841, 
was,  for  Chimney-sweeps,  198  ;  and  Scavengers 
and  Nightmen,  97. 

But  these  returns  are  preposterously  incorrect. 
In  the  first  place  it  was  not  until  1842  that  the 
parliamentary  enactment  prohibiting  the  further 
employment  of  climbing-boys  for  the  purpose  of 
sweeping  chimneys  came  into  operation.  At  that 
time  the  number  of  inhabited  houses  in  the 
metropolis  was  in  round  numbers  250,000, 
and  calculating  these  to  have  contained  only 
eight  rooms  each,  there  would  have  been  at  the 
least  2,000,000  chimneys  to  sweep.  Now,  accord- 
ing to  the  government  returns  above  cited — the 
London  climbing-boys  (for  the  masters  did  not  and 
could  not  climb)  in  1841  numbered  only  370  ;  at 
which  rate  there  would  lutv  yie-'n  bm   "n^  >kiv  td 


no  less  than  5400  chimneys  !  Pursuing  the  same 
mode  of  testing  the  validity  of  the  "  official "  state- 
ments, we  find,  as  the  nightmen  generally  work 
in  gangs  of  four,  that  each  of  the  63,  or  say  64, 
gangs  comprised  in  the  census  returns,  would  have 
had  4000  cesspools  to  empty  of  their  contents ; 
while,  working  both  as  scavengers  and  nightmen 
(for,  according  to  the  census,  they  were  the  only 
individuals  following  those  occupations  in  London), 
they  would  after  their  nocturnal  labours  have 
had  about  27  miles  of  streets  and  roads  to 
cleanse — a  feat  which  would  certainly  have 
thrown  the  scavengering  prowess  of  Hercules 
into  the  shade. 

Under  the  respective  heads  of  the  dustmen, 
nightmen,  sweeps,  and  scavengers,  I  shall  gi^-e  an 
account  of  the  numbers,  &c.,  employed,  and  a  re- 
sume of  the  whole.  It  will  be  sufficient  here  to 
mention  that  my  investigations  lead  to  the  con- 
clusion that,  of  men  working  as  dustmen  (a  portion 
of  whom  are  employed  as  nightmen  and  scaven- 
gers) there  are  at  present  about  1800  in  the 
metropolis.  The  census  of  1841,  as  I  have 
pointed  out,  mentions  no  dustman  whatever  ! 

But  I  have  so  often  had  instances  of  the  defects 
of  this  national  numbering  of  the  people  that  J  have 
long  since  ceased  to  place  much  faith  in  its  returns 
connected  with  the  humbler  grades  of  labour. 
The  costermongers,  for  example,  I  estimate  at 
about  10,000,  whereas  the  government  reports,  as 
has  been  before  mentioned,  ignore  the  very  exist- 
ence of  such  a  class  of  people,  and  make  the 
entire  hawkers,  hucksters,  and  pedlars  of  the 
metropolis  to  amount  to  no  more  than  2045, 
Again,  the  London  "coal  labourers,  heavers,  and 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


163 


h 


only  1700  in  nnmber;  I  find,  however,  that  there 
are  no  lew  than  1800  "  registered  "  coal-whippers, 
and  as  many  coal  porters ;  so  that  I  am  in  no  way 
inclined  to  give  great  credence  to  the  "  official 
enumerations."  The  difficulties  which  beset  the 
perfection  of  such  a  document  are  almost  in- 
superable, and  I  hare  already  heard  of  returns 
for  thft  forthcoming  document,  made  by  ignorant 
people  as  to  their  occupations,  which  already  go 
f:ir  to  nullify  the  facts  in  connection  with  the 
employment  of  the  ignorant  and  profligate  classes 
of  the  metropolis. 

Before  quitting  this  part  of  the  subject,  viz., 
the  extent  of  surface,  the  length  of  streets,  and 
the  number  of  houses  throughout  the  metropolis 
requiring  to  be  continually  cleansed  of  their  refuse, 
as  well  as  the  number  of  people  as  continually  en- 
gaged in  80  cleansing  them,  let  me  here  append 
the  last  returns  of  the  Registrar  General,  copied 
from  the  census  of  1S51,  as  to  the  dimensions 
and  contents  of  the  metropolis  according  to  that 
functionary,  ao  that  they  may  be  compared  with 
those  of  the  metropolitan  police  before  given. 

In  Weale's  "  London  Exhibited,"  which  is  by 
far  the  most  comprehensive  description  of  the 
metropolis  that  I  have  seen,  it  is  stated  that  it  is 
"only  possible  to  adopt  a  general  idea  of  the 
giant  city,"  as  its  precise  boundaries  and  extent 
cannot  be  defined.  On  the  north  of  the  Thames, 
we  are  told,  London  extends  to  Edmonton  and 
Finchley ;  on  the  west  it  stretches  to  Acton  and 
Hammersmith  ;  on  the  east  it  reaches  Leyton  and 
Ham ;  while  on  the  south  of  the  Thames  the 
metropolis  is  said  to  embrace  Wandsworth, 
Streatham,  Lewishani,  Woolwich,  and  Plumstead. 
"  To  each  of  these  points,"  says  Mr.  Weale,  but 
upon  iriiat  authority  he  does  not  inform  us,  "  con- 
streets  of  houses  reach  ;  but  the  solid 
of  houses  lies  within  narrow  bounds — with 
several  long  arms  extending  from  it.  The 
greatest  length  of  street,  from  east  to  west,"  he 
adds,  "  is  about  fourteen  miles,  and  from  north  to 
south  about  thirteen  miles.  The  solid  mass  is 
about  seven  miles  by  four  miles,  so  that  the 
ground  covered  with  houses  is  not  less  than  20 
square  miles." 

Mr.McCulloch,inhi8"Xon<;ont;il850-61,"ha8 
a  passage  to  the  same  effect.  He  says,  "  The  con- 
tinned  and  rapid  increase  of  buildings  renders  it 
difficult  to  ascertain  the  extent  of  the  metropolis 
at  any  particular  period.  If  we  include  in  it  those 
parts  only  that  present  a  solid  mass  of  houses,  its 
length  from  east  to  west  nuiy  be  taken  at  six 
mOeSy  and  iU  breadth  from  north  to  south  at 
•boot  three  mUm  aad  a  half.  There  is,  however, 
a  neaify  eontinnoiu  line  of  houses  from  Blackwall 
to  Ohebea,  a  distance  of  about  seven  miles,  and 
ban  Walworth  to  HoUoway,  of  four  and  a  half 
milet.  The  extent  of  sur&ce  covered  by  buildings 
is  eetimated  at  about  sixteen  square  miles,  or 
above  10,000  acres,  so  that  H.  Say,  the  cele- 
bcated  French  economist,  did  not  really  indulge  in 
fa^rperbole  when  he  said,  '  Londru  n'ut  plus  une 
vUu :  ^tA  une  pnmnee  eouverU  de  maitoru  I  * 
(iMtdoo  is  no  longer  a  town :  it  is  a  province 
covered  wHh  hoaies).'* 


The  Government  authorities,  however,  appear 
to  have  verj'  different  notions  from  either  of  tiie 
above  gentlemen  as  to  the  extent  of  the  metro- 
polis. 

The  limits  of  London,  as  at  present  laid  down 
by  the  Registrar  General,  include  176  parishes, 
besides  several  precincts,  liberties,  and  extra-paro- 
chial places,  comprising  altogether  about  115 
square  miles.  According  to  the  old  bills  of  mor- 
tality, London  formerly  included  only  148  pa- 
rishes, which  were  located  as  follows  : — 

Parishes  within  the  walls  of  the  city    .     .     97 

Parishes  without  the  walls 17 

Parishes  in  the  city  and  liberties  of  West- 
minster        10 

Out  parishes  in  Middlesex  and  Surrey      ,     24 

148 
The  parishes  which  have  been  annexed  to  the 
above  at  different  periods  since  the  commencement 
of  the  present  century  are  : — 

Parishes  added  by  the  late  Mr.  Rickman 
(see  Pop.  Abstracts,  1801-31)  (including 
Chelsea,  Kensington,  Paddington,  St. 
Marylebone,  and  St.  Pancras)     ....       5 

Parishes  added  by  the  Registrar  General, 
1838  (including  Hammersmith,  Fulham, 
Stoke  Newington,  Stratford-le-Bow,  Brom- 
ley, Camberwell,  Deptford,  Greenwich,  and 
Woolwich) 10 

Parishes  added  by  the  Registrar  General 
in  1844  (including  Claphara,  Battersea, 
Wandsworth,  Putney,  Lower  Tooting,  and 
Streatham) 6 

Parishes  added  by  the  Registrar  General  in 
1846  (comprising  Hampstead,  Charlton, 
Plumstead,  Eltham,  Lee,  Kidbroke,  and 
Lewisham) 7 

Total  number  of  parishes  in  the  metropolis, 
as  defined  by  the  Registrar  General     .     .  176 

The  extent  of  London,  according  to  the  limits 
assigned  to  it  at  the  several  periods  above  men- 
tioned, was — 

Stat.  Acres.  Sq.  miles. 
London  within  the  old  bills 

of  mortality,  from  1726  .     21,080         32 
London,  within    the   limits 

adopted  by  the  late  Mr. 

Rickman,  1801-31     .     .     29,850        46 
London,  within   the   limits 

adopted  by  the  Registrar 

General,  1833-43      .     .     44,850         70 
London,   within  the   limits 

adopted  by  the  Registrar 

General,  1844-46      .     .     55,660        87 
London,  within   the  limits 

adopted  by  the  Registrar 

General  in  1847-51  .    .     74,070      115 

"London,"  observes  Mr.  Weale,  "has  now 
swallowed  up  many  cities,  towns,  villages,  and 
separate  jurisdictions.  The  four  commonwealths,  or 
kinj?(loms,  of  the  Middle  Saxons,  East  Saxons,  tho 
South  Rick,  and  the  Kentwaras,  once  ruled  over 


No.  XXXVI. 


164 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


its  surface.  It  now  embraces  the  episcopal  cities 
of  London  and  Westminster,  the  towns  of  Wool- 
wich, Deptford,  and  Wandsworth,  the  watering 
places  of  Harapstead,  Highgate,  Islington,  Acton, 
and  Kilburn,  the  fishing  town  of  Barking,  tlie 
once  secluded  and  ancient  villages  of  Ham,  llorn- 
sey,  Sydenham,  Lee,  Kensington,  Fulham,  Lam- 
beth, Clapham,  Paddington,   Hackney,    Chelsea, 


Stoke  Newington,  Newington  Butts,  Plumstead, 
and  many  others. 

The  176  parishes  now  included  by  the  Registrar 
General  witliin  the  boundaries  of  the  metropolis,  are 
arranged  by  him  into  five  districts,  of  which  the 
areas,  population,  and  number  of  inhabited  houses 
were  on  the  31st  of  March,  1851,  as  undermen- 
tioned : — 


TABLE  SHOWING  THE  AREA,  NUMBER  OF  INHABITED  HOUSES,  AND  POPU- 
LATION OF  THE  DIFFERENT  PARTS  OF  THE  METROPOLIS,  1841-51. 


Statute 

Population. 

Inhabited  Houses. 

Divisions  of  Metropolis.  " 

Acres. 

1841. 

]851. 

1841. 

1851. 

West  Districts. 

Kensington           .... 

7,860 

74,898 

119,990 

10,962 

17,292 

Chelsea        . 

, 

780 

40,243 

56,543 

5,648 

7,629 

St.  George's,  Hanover-square 

1,090 

66,657 

73,207 

7,630 

8,795 

Westminster 

840 

56,802 

65,609 

6,439 

6,647 

St.  Martin's-in-the-Fields 

260 

25,132 

24,557 

2,439 

2,323 

St.  James's,  Westminster 

165 

37,457 

36,426 

3,590 

3,460 

NoKTu  Districts. 

Marylebone 

1,490 

138,383 

157,679 

14,169 

15,955 

Hampstead  (added  1846) 

2,070 

10,109 

11,986 

1,411 

1,719 

Pancras 

2,600 

129,909 

167,198 

14,766 

18,731 

Islington 

8,050 

55,779 

95,154 

8,508 

13,558 

Hackney     . 

3,950 

42,328 

58,424 

7,192 

9,861 

Cektral  Districts. 

St.  Giles's    . 

250 

54,378 

54,062 

4,959 

4,778 

Strand 

163 

43,667 

44,446 

4,327 

3,938 

Holbom'^  . 

188 

44,532 

46,571 

4,603 

4,517 

Clerkenwell 

320 

56,799 

64,705 

6,946 

7,259 

St.  Luke's    . 

240 

49,908 

64,058 

6,385 

6,421 

East  London 

1  t230 

39,718 

44,407 

4,796 

4,785 

West  London 

29,188 

28,829 

3,010 

2,745 

London,  City  of  . 

J370 

66,009 

55,908 

7,921 

7,329 

East  Districts. 

Shoreditch  . 

620 

83,564 

109,209 

12,642 

15,433 

Bethnal  Green     . 

760 

74,20S 

90,170 

11,782 

13,370 

Whitechapel 

316 

71,879 

79,756 

8,834 

8,832 

St.  George's  in  the  East 

230 

41,416 

48,375 

■       5,9S5 

6,151 

Stepney 

2,518 

90,831 

110,669 

14,364 

16,346 

Poplar 

1,250 

31,171 

47,157 

6,066 

6,882 

South  Districts. 

St.  Saviour's,  Southwark 

* 

83,027 

35,729 

4,659 

4,613 

St.  Olave's,  Southwark . 

* 

19,869 

19,367 

2,523 

2,365 

Bermondsey 

620 

35,002 

48,128 

5,674 

7,095 

St.  George's,  Southwark 

*590 

46,718 

51,825 

6,663 

7,005 

Newington  . 

630 

54,693 

64,805 

9,370 

10,468 

Lambeth      . 

3,640 

116,072 

139,240 

17,791 

20,520 

Wandsworth  (added  1843) 

10,800 

39,918 

60,770 

6,459 

8,290 

Camber  well          . 

4,570 

39,931 

54,668 

6,843 

9,417 

Rotherhithe 

690 

13,940 

17,778 

2,420 

2,834 

Greenwich  . 

4,570 

81,125 

99,404 

11,995 

14,423 

Lewisham  (added  1846) 

16,350 

-.    23,051 

34,831 

3,966 

6,936 

Total  London  Division       .         . 

74,070 

1,948,369 

2,361,640 

262,737 

307,722 

*  The  area  of  the  districts  of  St.  Saviour  and  St.  Olave  is  included  in  that  returned  for  St.  Gcorpje,  Southwark. 
t  The  area  here  sUted  is  that  of  the  city  without  the  walls,  and  includes  White  Friars  precinct  and  Holy 

Trinitv.  Minories,  both  beloninng  ^o  other  districts.  

X.  Thi^  area  is  that  of  the  city  within  the  walls,  and  does  not  include  White  Fnars,  which  belongs  to  the  district  = 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


165 


In  order  to  be  aWe  to  compare  the  average 
density  of  the  population  in  the  various  parts  of 
London,  I  have  made  a  calculation  as  to  the  num- 
ber of  persons  and  houses  to  the  acre,  as  well  as  the 
number  of  inhabitants  to  each  house.  I  have 
also  computed  the  annual  rate  of  increase  of  the 
population  from  1841-51,  in  the  several  localities 
here  mentioned,  and  append  the  result.     It  will 


be  seen  that,  while  what  are  popularly  known  as 
the  suburbs  have  increased,  both  in  "houses  and 
population,  at  a  considerable  rate,  some  of  the  more 
central  parts  of  London,  on  the  contrary,  have  de- 
creased not  only  in  the  number  of  people,  but  in 
the  number  of  dwellings  as  well.  This  has  been  the 
case  in  St.  Martin's-in-the-Fields,  St.  James's, 
Westminster,  St.  Giles's,  and  the  City  of  London, 


TABLE  SHOWING  THE  INCREASE  OF  THE  POPULATION  AND  INHABITED 
HOUSES,  AS  WELL  AS  THE  NUMBER  OF  PEOPLE  AND  HOUSES  TO  EACH 
ACRE,  AND  THE  NUMBER  OF  PERSONS  TO  EACH  HOUSE  IN  THE  DIF- 
FERENT PARTS  OF  THE  METROPOLIS  IN  1841-51. 


Yearly  In- 

Yearly  In- 

Number of 

Number  of 

crease  of  Po- 

crease of  In- 

Number of 

Inhabited 

Persons  to 

pulation  per 

habited 

People  to  the 

Houses  to  the 

each 

annum,  from 

Houses,  from 

Acre,  1851. 

Acre,  1851. 

House, 

1841-51. 

1841-51. 

1851. 

West  Districts. 

Kensington           .... 

4,509-2 

6330 

15-2 

2-2 

6-9] 

Chelsea        . 

1,630-0 

198-1 

72-4 

9-7 

'  7-4, 

St  George's,  Hanover-square 

6550 

11-6 

67-1 

8-0 

8-3 

Westminster 

880-7 

20-3 

80-4 

8-2 

9-8 

St.  Martin's-in-the-Fields 

deer.  57-5» 

deer.  11-6* 

94-3 

8-9 

10-5 

St.  James's,  Westminster 

•103-1* 

13-0* 

220-7 

20-9 

10-5 

North  Districts. 

Marylebone 

1,926-6 

178-6 

105-8 

10-3 

9-8 

Hampstead  . 

187-7 

30-8 

5-7 

•8 

6-9 

St.  Pancras  . 

3,722-9 

396-5 

64-3 

7-2 

8-9 

Islington 

3,937-5 

505-0 

31-5 

4-4 

7-0 

Hackney      . 

1,609-6 

719-2 

14-7 

2-3 

5-5 

Ckhtral  Districts 

St.  Gilet'i    . 

deer.  31-6* 

<i<cr.  18-1» 

216-2 

191 

11-3 

Strand 

77-9 

deer.  38-9* 

272-2 

24-1 

11-2 

Holbom      . 

203-9 

deer.    8-6* 

247-7 

240 

10-3 

Clerkenwell 

790-6 

31-3 

202-2 

22-6 

8-9' 

St.  Lake's  . 

415-0 

3-6 

225-2 

26-7 

8-4 

East  and  West  London 

4330 

deer.  27-6» 

318-4 

32-7 

9-7 

London  City 

deer.  10-1* 

deer.  59-2" 

151-0 

19-8 

7-6 

East  Districts. 

Shoreditch  . 

2,564-5 

279-1 

176-1 

24-8 

7-0 

Bethnal-green 

1,596-4 

158-8 

118-6 

17-5 

6-7 

Whitechapel 

787-7 

deer.      -2* 

252-3 

27-9 

90 

St.  George'i-in-the-East 

696.9 

16-6 

210-3 

26-7 

7-8 

Stepney       , 

1,983-8 

198-2 

43-9 

6-4 

6-7 

Poplar         .... 

1,598-6 

181-6 

37-7 

55 

6-8 

South  Districts. 

St  SsTiour'i,  St  Olave's,  and  St 

George's,  Southwark 

730-7 

13-8 

181-2 

23-7 

7-6 

Bermondsey 

1,312-6 

1421 

77-6 

112 

6-7 

Newington 

1,011-2 

109-8 

102-8 

16-6 

61 

Lambeth      .... 

2,316-8 

272-9 

38-2 

5Q 

67 

Wandsworth 

1,085-2 

183-1 

4-7 

•7 

6-1 

Camberwell 

1,473-7 

257-4 

12-4 

2-0 

5-3 

Rotherhithe 

383-8 

41-4 

25-7 

41 

G-2 

Greenwich 

1,827-9 

242-8 

21-7 

3-1 

6-3 

Lewisbam   .... 

1,178-0 

197-0 

21 

•3 

5-Q 

Toul  for  all  London 

41,827-1 

4,498-6 

81-8 

4-1 

7-6 

•toceTsJl^**^"**''*"  "***  number  of  inhabited  hotues  in  these  dlitricts  has  decreased  annually  to   this  extent 


166 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


By  the  above  table  we  perceive  tliat  St.  Mar- 
tin's-in-the-Fiolds,  St.  James's,  Westminster,  St. 
Giles's, the  Strand.and  the  City  have  all  decreased 
both  in  popnlation  and  houses  since  1841.  The 
population  has  diminished  most  of  all  in  St. 
James's,  and  the  houses  the  most  in  the  City.  The 
suburban  districts,  however,  such  as  Chelsea, 
Marj'lebone,  St.  Pancras,  Islington,  Hackney, 
Shoreditch,  Bethnal-green,  Stepney-,  Poplar,  Ber- 
mondsey,  Newington,  Lambeth,  Wandsworth, 
Camberwell,  Greenwich,  and  Lewisham,  have  all 
increased  greatly  within  the  last  ten  years,  both 
in  dwellings  and  people.  The  greatest  increase  of 
the  population,  as  well  as  houses^  has  been  in 
Kensington,  where  the  yearly  addition  has  been 
4500  people,  and  630  houses. 

The  more  densely-populated  districts  are,  St. 
James's,  Westminster,  St.  Giles's,  the  Strand, 
Holborn,  Clerkenwell,  St.  Luke,  Whitcchapel,  and 
St.  George's-in-the-East,  in  all  of  which  places  there 
are  upwards  of  200  people  to  the  acre,  while  in 
East  and  West  London,  iu  which  the  population  is 
the  most  dense  of  all,  the  number  of  people  ex- 
ceeds 300  to  the  acre.  The  least  densely  popu- 
lated districts  are  Hampstead,  Wandsworth,  and 
Lewisham,  where  the  people  are  nut  more  than 
six,  and  as  few  as  two  to  the  acre. 

The  districts  in  which   there  are  the  greatest 
number  of  houses  to  a  given  space,  are  St.  James's, 
Westminster,  the  Strand,  Holborn,  Clerkenwell, 
St.  Luke's,  Shoreditch,  and  St.  George's-in-the-East, 
in  all  of  which  localities  there  are  upwards  of  2U  i 
dwellings  to   each  acre  of  ground,  while  in  East 
and  W"e3t  London,  which  is  the  most  closely  built  j 
over  of  all,   the  number  of  houses  to  each  acre  i 
are  as  many  as  32.     Hampstead  and   Lewisham  j 
appear  to  be  the  most  open  districts ;  for  there  the 
houses  are  not  more  than  eight  and  three  to  every 
ten  acres  of  ground. 

The  localities  in  which  the  houses  are  the 
most  crowded  with  inmates  are  the  Strand  and 
St.  Giles's,  where  therearemore  than  eleven  people 
to  each  house,  and  St.  Mariin's-in-the-Fields,  and 
St.  James's,  "Westminster,  and  Holborn,  where  each 
house  has  on  an  average  ten  inmates,  while  in 
Lewisham  and  Wandsworth  the  houses  are  the 
least  crowded,  for  there  we  find  only  five  people 
to  every  house. 

Now,  comparing  this  return  with  that  of  the 
metropolitan  police,  we  have  the  following  results 
as  to  the  extent  and  contents  of  the  Metropolis 
Proper  : — 

According  According 

to  to  Metro - 

Registrar  politan 

General.  Police. 

Area  (in  statute  acres)     .        74,070  68,880 

Parisiies 176  179 

^Wes  "^.     '^^^^']'^}    307,722       305,525 
Population  !     .     .     .     .    2,361,040     2,111,629 

Hence  it  will  be  seen  that  both  the  extent  and 
contents  of  theae  two  returns  differ  most  mate- 
rially. 

Ist.  The  superficies  of  the  Registrar  General's 
metropolig  is   very   nearly  13   square  miles,   or 


15,190  statute  acres,  greater  than  the  metro- 
polis of  the  police  commissioners. 

2nd.  The  number  of  inhabited  houses  is  2197 
more  in  the  one  than  in  the  other. 

3rd.  The  population  of  London,  according  to 
the  Registrar  General's  limits,  is  250,011,  or  a 
quarter  of  a  million,  more  than  it  is  according  to 
the  limits  of  the  metropolitan  police. 

It  were  much  to  be  desired  that  some  more 
definite  and  scientific  mode,  not  only  of  limiting, 
but  of  dividing  the  metropolis,  were  to  be  adopted. 
At  present  there  are,  perhaps,  as  many  diff(?rent 
metropolises,  so  to  speak,  aud  as  many  different 
modes  of  apportioning  the  several  parts  of  the 
whole  into  districts,  as  there  are  public  bodies 
whose  operations  are  specially  confined  to  the 
capital.  The  Registrar  Genenil  has,  as  we  have 
seen,  one  metropolis  divided  into  western,  nor- 
thern, central,  eastern,  and  southern  districts.  The 
metropolitan  police  commissioners  have  another 
metropolis  apportioned  into  its  A  divisions,  B 
divisions,  and  so  forth  ;  and  the  Post  Ofllce  has 
a  third  metropolis  parcelled  out  in  a  totally 
different  manner  ;  while  the  London  City  Mission, 
the  Scripture  Readers,  the  Ragged  Schools,  and  the 
many  other  similar  metropolitan  institutions,  all 
seem  to  delight  in  creating  a  distinct  metropolis 
for  themselves,  thus  tending  to  make  the  statis- 
tical "confusion  worse  confounded." 

Of  the  Dustmen  op  London. 
Dust  and  rubbish  accumulate  in  houses  from  a 
variety  of  causes,  but  principally  from  the  residuum 
of  fires,  the  white  ash  and  cinders,  or  small  frag- 
ments of  unconsumed  coke,  giving  rise  to  by  far 
the  greater  quantity.  Some  notion  of  the  vast 
amount  of  this  refuse  annually  produced  in  Lon- 
don may  be  formed  from  the  fact  that  the  con- 
sumption of  coal  in  the  metropolis  is,  according  to 
the  official  returns,  3,500,000  tons  per  annum, 
which  is  at  the  rate  of  a  little  more  than  11 
tons  per  house  ;  the  poorer  families,  it  is  true,  do 
not  burn  more  than  2  tons  in  the  course  of  the 
year,  but  then  many  such  families  reside  in  the 
same  house,  and  hence  the  average  will  appear  in 
no  way  excessive.  Now  the  ashes  and  cinders 
arising  from  this  enormous  consumption  of  coal 
would,  it  is  evident,  if  allowed  to  lie  scattered 
about  in  such  a  place  as  London,  render,  ere  long, 
not  only  the  back  streets,  but  even  the  impor- 
tant tlioroughfares,  filthy  and  impassable.  Upon 
the  Officers  of  the  various  parishes,  therefore,  has 
devolved  the  duty  of  seeing  that  the  refuse  of  the 
fuel  consumed  througliout  London  is  removed 
almost  as  fast  as  produced ;  this  they  do  by  entering 
into  an  agreement  for  the  clearance  of  the  "  dust- 
bins "  of  the  parishioners  as  often  as  required, 
with  some  person  who  possesses  all  necessary 
appliances  for  the  purpose — such  as  horses,  carts, 
baskets,  and  shovels,  together  with  a  plot  of 
waste  ground  whereon  to  deposit  the  refuse.  The 
persons  with  whom  this  agreement  is  made  are 
called  "  dust-contractors,"  and  are  generally  men 
of  considerable  wealth. 

The  collection  of  "  dust,"  is  now,  more  properly 
speaking,  the  removal  of  it.    The  collection  of  au 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


167 


article  implies  the  voluntary  seeking  after  it,  and 
this  the  dustmen  can  hardly  be  said  to  do;  for  though 
they  parade  the  streets  shouting  for  the  dust  as 
they  go,  they  do  so  rather  to  fulfil  a  certain  duty 
they  have  undertaken  to  perform  than  in  any 
expectation  of  profit  to  be  derived  from  the  sale 
of  the  article. 

Formerly  the  custom  was  otherwise  ;  but  then, 
as  will  be  seen  hereafter,  the  residuum  of  the  Lon- 
don fuel  was  far  more  valuable.  Not  many  years 
ago  it  was  the  practice  for  the  various  master  dust- 
men to  send  in  their  tenders  to  the  vestry,  on  a  cer- 
tain day  appointed  for  the  purpose,  offering  to  pay  a 
considerable  sum  yearly  to  the  parish  authorities 
for  lilH^rly  to  collect  the  dust  from  the  several 
houses.  The  sum  formerly  paid  to  the  parish 
of  Shadwell,  for  instance,  though  not  a  very 
extensive  one,  amounted  to  between  400/.  or 
600/.  per  annum  ;  but  then  there  was  an  immense 
demand  for  the  article,  and  the  contractors  were 
xuiable  to  furnish  a  sufficient  supply  from  London  ; 
ships  were  frequently  freighted  with  it  from  other 
parts,  especially  from  Newcastle  and  the  northern 
ports,  and  at  that  time  it  formed  an  article  of 
considerable  international  commerce — the  price 
being  from  15i.  to  1/.  per  chaldron.  Of  late  years, 
however,  the  demand  has  fallen  off  greatly,  while 
the  supply  has  been  progressively  increasing,  owing 
to  the  extension  of  the  metropolis,  bo  that  the 
C:>r.tnutor8  have  not  only  declined  paying  any- 
thii;g  ior  liberty  to  collect  it,  but  now  stipulate 
to  receive  a  ceruiin  sura  for  the  removal  of  it.  It 
need  hardly  be  staUd  that  the  parishes  always 
employ  the  man  who  requires  the  least  money  for 
the  performance  of  what  has  now  become  a 
matter  of  duty  rather  than  an  object  of  desire. 
Some  idea  may  be  formed  of  the  change  which 
ha«  taken  place  in  this  business,  from  the  fact, 
that  the  aforesaid  parish  of  Shadwell,  which  for- 
merly received  the  sum  of  450/.  per  annum  for 
liberty  to  collect  the  dust,  now  pays  the  Contractor 
the  sura  of  240/.  per  nnnum  for  its  removal. 

The  Ooart  of  Sewers  of  the  City  of  London,  in 
1846,  through  the  advice  of  Mr.  Cochrane,  the 
president  of  the  National  Philanthropic  Associa- 
tion, were  able  to  obtain  from  the  contractors 
the  anm  of  5U00/.  ior  liberty  to  clear  away  the 
dirt  from  the  streets  and  the  dust  from  the 
bins  and  houses  in  that  district.  The  year  follow- 
ing, however,  the  contractors  entered  into  a  com- 
bination, and  came  to  a  resolution  not  to  bid  so 
high  for  the  privilege ;  the  result  was,  that  they 
obtained  their  contracts  at  an  expense  of  2200/. 
By  acting  on  the  same  principle  in  the  year 
after,  they  not  only  offered  no  premium  what- 
ever fat  the  contract,  but  the  City  Conimis- 
rioners  of  Sewers  were  obliged  to  pay  them  the 
sum  of  800/.  for  remoriog  the  refuse,  and  at  pre- 
sent the  amount  paid  by  the  City  is  a«  much  ai 
4^00/.  I  This  is  divided  among  four  great  con- 
tracton,  and  would,  if  equally  apportioned,  give 
them  1250/.  each. 

I  subjoin  a  list  of  the  names  of  the  principal 
contractors  aod  the  parishes  for  which  they  are 


DISTRICTS  COXTRACTED  NAMKS  OF 

FOa.  CONTRACTORS. 

/"Redding. 

Four  divisions  of  the  City,  -j  j^'^nnott. 

(j!  Gould. ' 

Finsbury -square J.Gould. 

St.  Luke's H.  Dodd. 

Shoreditch Ditto 

Norton  Folgate J.  Gould. 

Bcthnal-green E.  Newman. 

I  lolborn Pratt  and  Se well. 

Hatton-Rarden Ditto. 

IsliDRton .Stroud,  Brickmaker. 

St.  Martin's AVm.  Sinnott,  Junior. 

St.  Mary-le-Strand J.  Gore. 

St.  Sepulchre Ditto. 

Savoy Ditt  >. 

St.  Clement  Danes Rook. 

St.  Janus's,  Clerkenwell  . .  H.  Dodd. 

St.  John's,       ditto J.Gould. 

St.  Maruaret's, Westminster  W.  Heame. 

St.  John's,  ditto SUpIeton  and  Holdsworth. 

Lambeth W.  Heame. 

Chelsea. C.  Humphries. 

St.  Marylebone J.  Gore. 

Blackfriars-bridge Jenkins. 

St.  Paul's,  Covent-garden ..  W.  Sinnott. 

Piccadilly H.  Tame. 

Regent-street  andPall-mall  W.  Ridding. 

St.  George's,  Hanover-sq.  H.  Tame. 

Paddington C.  Humphries. 

Camden-town Milton. 

St.  Paneras,  S.W.  Division  W.  Stanleton. 

Southampton  estate C.  Starkey. 

Skinner's  ditto H.  Nortii. 

Brewer's  ditto C.  Starkey. 

Cromerditto Ditto. 

Calthorpe  ditto Ditto. 

Bedford  ditto Gore. 

Doughty  ditto Martin. 

Union  ditto  J.  Gore. 

Foundling  ditto Pratt  and  SewelL 

Harrison  ditto Martin. 

St.  Ann's,  Soho J.  Gore. 

Whitechapel Parsons, 

Goswell-street Redding. 

Commercial-road,  East .. ..  J.  Sinnott. 

Mile-end Newman. 

Borough . .     Heame. 

Bcnnondsey The  parish. 

Kensington H.  Tame. 

St.  r.iles's-in-the-Field»  and 

St.  George's,  Bloomsbury  Redding. 

Shadwell Wectley. 

St,  George's-in-the-East  ..  Ditto. 

Battle-bridge Starkey. 

Berkeley-square Clutterbuck. 

St.  George's,  Pimlico  Re<iding. 

Woods  and  Forests Ditto. 

St.  Botolph Westley. 

St.  John's,  Wapping Ditto. 

Somcrs-town H.  North. 

Kentish-town J.  Gore. 

Rolls  (Liberty  of  the) Pratt  and  Sewell. 

Edward-square,  Kensington  C.  Humphries. 

All  the  metropolitan  parishes  now  pay  the 
contractors  various  amounts  for  the  removal  of  the 
dust,  and  I  am  credibly  infonned  that  there  is  a 
system  of  underletting  and  jobbing  in  the  dust 
contracts  extensively  carried  on.  The  contractor 
for  a  certain  parish  is  often  a  different  person  from 
the  master  doing  the  work,  who  is  unknown  in 
the  contract.  Occasionally  the  work  would  ap- 
pear to  be  subdivided  and  underlet  a  second  time. 

The  parish  of  St.  Paneras  is  split  into  no 
less  than  21  districts,  each  district  having  a 
separate  and  independent  "Board,"  who  are 
geneniUy  at  war  with  each  other,  and  make 
sepamte  contracts  for  their  several  divisions. 
This  id  also  the  case  in  other  large  parishcB, 
and  these  and  other  considerations  confirm 
me   in   the  conclusion  that    of  large    and   small 


16S 


LOXDOJV  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


dust-contractors,  job-master3,  and  middle-men,  of 
one  kind  or  the  other,  throughout  the  metropolis, 
there  cannot  be  less  than  the  number  I  have 
stated — 90.  With  the  exception  of  Bermondsey, 
there  are  no  parishes  who  remove  their  own  dust. 
It  is  difficult  to  arrive  at  any  absolute  statement 
as  to  the  gross  amount .  paid  by  the  different 
parishes  for  the  removal  of  the  entire  dust  of  the 
metropolis.  From  Shadwell  the  contractor,  as  we 
have  seen,  receives  250^. ;  from  the  city  the  four 
contractors  receive  as  much  as  5000^. ;  but  there 
are  many  small  parishes  in  London  which  do  not 
pay  above  a  tithe  of  the  last-mentioned  sum.  Let 
us,  therefore,  assume,  that  one  with  another,  the 
several  metropolitan  parishes  pay  200^.  a  year 
each  to  the  dust  contractor.  According  to  the 
returns  before  given,  there  are  176  parishes  in 
London.  Hence,  the  gross  amount  paid  for  the 
removal  of  the  entire  dust  of  tlie  metropolis  will 
be  between  30,000^.  and  40,000/.  per  annum. 

The  removal  of  the  dust  throughout  the  metro- 
polis, is,  therefore,  carried  on  by  a  number  of  persons 
called  Contractors,  who  undertake,  as  has  been 
stated,  for  a  certain  sum,  to  cart  away  the  refuse 
from  the  houses  as  frequently  as  the  inhabitants 
desire  it.  To  ascertain  the  precise  numbers  of 
these  contractors  is  a  task  of  much  greater  diffi- 
culty than  might  at  first  be  conceived. 

The  London  Post  Office  Directory  gives  the 
following  number  of  tradesmen  connected  with 
the  removal  of  refuse  from  the  houses  and  streets 
of  the  metropolis. 

Dustmen  .  .  .  .  .  9 
Scavengers  .  .  .  .10 
Nightmen  .         .         .         .14 

Sweeps 32 

But  these  numbers  are  obviously  incomplete,  for 
even  a  cursory  passenger  through  London  must 
have  noticed  a  greater  number  of  names  upon  the 
various  dust  carts  to  be  met  with  in  the  streets 
than  are  here  set  down. 

A  dust- contractor,  who  has  been  in  the  business 
upwards  of  20  years,  stated  that,  from  his  know- 
ledge of  the  trade,  he  should  suppose  that  at  pre- 
sent there  might  be  about  80  or  90  contractors  in 
the  metropolis.  Now,  according  to  the  returns 
before  given,  there  are  within  the  limits  of  the 
Metropolitan  Police  District  176  parishes,  and 
comparing  this  with  my  informant's  statement,  that 
many  persons  contract  for  more  than  one  parish 
(of  which,  indeed,  he  himself  is  an  instance),  there 
remains  but  little  reason  to  doubt  the  correctness 
of  his  supposition — that  there  are,  in  all,  between 
80  or  90  dust-contractors,  large  and  small, 
connected  with  the  metropolis.  Assuming  the 
aggregate  number  to  be  88,  there  would  be  one 
contractor  to  every  two  parishes. 

These  dust-contractors  are  likewise  the  con- 
tractors for  the  cleansing  of  the  streets,  except 
where  that  duty  is  performed  by  tlve  Street-Order- 
lies ;  they  are  also  the  persons  who  undertake 
the  emptying  of  the  cesspools  in  their  neighbour- 
hood ;  the  latter  operation,  however,  is  effected  by 
an  arrangement  between  themselves  and  the  land- 
lords of  the  premises,  and  forms  no  part  of  their 
parochial  contracts.     At  the  office  of  the  Street 


Orderlies  in  Leicester  Square,  they  have  know- 
ledge of  only  30  contractors  connected  with  the 
metropolis;  but  this  is  evidently  defective,  and  refers 
to  the  '•  large  masters"  alone ;  leaving  out  of  all  con- 
sideration, as  it  does,  the  host  of  small  contractors 
scattered  up  and  down  the  metropolis,  who  are  able 
to  employ  only  two  or  three  carts  and  six  or  seven 
men  each ;  many  of  such  small  contractors  being 
merely  master  sweeps  who  have  managed  to  "  get 
on  a  little  in  the  world,"  and  who  are  now  able  to 
contract,  "in  a  small  way,"  for  the  removal  of 
dust,  street-sweepings,  and  night-soil.  Moreover, 
many  of  even  the  "great  contractors"  being  un- 
willing to  venture  upon  an  outlay  of  capital  for 
carts,  horses,  &c.,  when  their  contract  is  only  for 
a  year,  and  may  pass  at  the  end  of  that  time 
into  the  hands  of  any  one  who  may  underbid 
them — many  such,  I  repeat,  are  in  the  habit  of 
underletting  a  portion  of  their  contract  to  others 
possessing  the  necessary  appliances,  or  of  entering 
into  partnership  with  them.  The  latter  is  the  case 
in  the  parish  of  Shadwell,  where  a  person  having 
carts  and  horses  shares  the  profits  with  the  original 
contractor.  The  agreement  made  on  such  occa- 
sions is,  of  course,  a  secret,  though  the  practice 
is  by  no  means  uncommon;  indeed,  there  is 
so  much  secrecy  maintained  concerning  all  matters 
connected  with  this  business,  that  the  inquiry  is 
beset  with  every  possible  difficulty.  The  gentle- 
man who  communicated  to  me  the  amount  paid 
by  the  parish  of  Shadwell,  and  who  infomied  me, 
moreover,  that  parishes  in  his  neighbourhood  paid 
twice  and  three  times  more  than  Shadwell  did, 
hinted  to  me  the  difficulties  I  should  experience  at 
the  commencement  of  my  inquiry,  and  I  have 
certainly  found  his  opinion  correct  to  the  letter. 
I  have  ascertained  that  in  one  yard  intimidation 
was  resorted  to,  and  the  men  were  threatened 
with  instant  dismissal  if  they  gave  me  any  infor- 
mation but  such  as  was  calculated  to  mislead. 

I  soon  discovered,  indeed,  that  it  was  impossible 
to  place  any  reliance  on  what  some  of  the  contrac- 
tors said ;  and  here  I  may  repeat  that  the  indisputa- 
ble result  of  my  inquiries  has  been  to  meet  with  far 
more  deception  and  equivocation  from  employers 
generally  than  from  the  employed  ;  working  men 
have  little  or  no  motive  for  mis-stating  their  wages ; 
they  know  well  that  the  ordinary  rates  of  remu- 
neration for  their  labour  are  easily  ascertainable 
from  other  members  of  the  trade,  and  seldom  or 
never  object  to  produce  accounts  of  their  earnings, 
whenever  they  have  been  in  the  habit  of  keeping 
such  things.  With  employers,  however,  the  case 
is  far  different ;  to  seek  to  ascertain  from  them 
the  profits  of  their  trade  is  to  meet  with  evasion 
and  prevarication  at  every  turn ;  they  seem  to 
feel  that  their  gains  are  dishonestly  large,  and 
hence  resort  to  every  means  to  prevent  them  being 
made  public.  That  I  have  met  with  many  ho- 
nourable exceptions  to  this  rule,  I  most  cheerfully 
acknowledge ;  but  that  the  majority  of  tradesmen 
are  neither  so  frank,  communicative,  nor  truthful, 
as  the  men  in  their  employ,  the  whole  of  my  in- 
vestigations go  to  prove.  I  have  already,  in  the 
Morning  Chronicle,  recorded  the  character  of  my 
interviews  with  an  eminent  Jew  slop-tailor,  an 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


160 


army  clothier,  and  an  enterprising  free-trade  stay- 
maker  (a  gentleman  who  subscribed  his  100 
guineas  to  the  League),  and  I  must  in  candour 
confess  that  now,  after  two  years'  experience,  I 
have  found  the  industrious  poor  a  thousand-fold 
more  veracious  than  the  trading  rich. 

With  respect  to  the  amount  of  business  done  by 
these  contractors,  or  gross  quantity  of  dust  collected 
by  them  in  the  course  of  the  year,  it  would  appear 
that  each  employs,  on  an  average,  about  20  men, 
which  makes  the  number  of  men  employed  as  dust- 
men through  the  streets  of  London  amount  to  1800. 
This,  as  has  been  previously  stated,  is  grossly  at 
variance  with  the  number  given  in  the  Census  of 
1841,  which  computes  the  dustmen  in  the  metro- 
polis at  only  254.  But,  as  I  said  before,  I  have 
long  ceased  to  place  confidence  in  the  government 
retums.on  such  subjects.  According  to  the  above 
estimate  of  254,  and  deducting  from  this  number 
the  88  master-dustmen,  there  would  be  only  166 
labouring  men  to  empty  the  300,000  dust  bins  of 
London,  and  as  these  men  always  work  in  couples, 
it  follows  that  every  two  dustmen  would  have  to 
remove  the  refuse  from  about  3600  houses;  so 
that  assuming  each  bin  to  require  emptying 
once  every  six  weeks  they  would  have  to  cart 
away  the  dust  from  2400  houses  every  month, 
or  600  every  week,  which  is  at  the  rate  of  100 
a  day  !  and  as  each  dust-bin  contains  about  half  a 
load,  it  would  follow  that  at  this  rate  each  cart 
would  have  to  collect  50  loads  of  dust  daily, 
whereas  5  loads  is  the  average  day's  work. 

Computing  the  London  dust-contractors  at  90, 
and  the  inhabited  houses  at  300,000,  it  follows 
that  each  contractor  would  have  3333  houses  to 
remove  the  refuse  from.  Now  it  has  been  calcu- 
lated that  the  ashes  and  cinders  alone  from  each 
house  average  about  three  loads  per  annum,  so 
that  each  contractor  would  have,  in  round  num- 
bert,  10,000  loads  of  dust  to  remove  in  the  course 
of  the  year.  I  find,  from  inquiries,  that  every 
two  dustmen  carry  to  the  yard  about  five  loads  a 
day,  or  about  1 500  loads  in  the  course  of  the  year, 
so  that  at  this  rate,  there  must  be  between  six 
and  seven  carts,  and  twelve  and  fourteen  col- 
lectors employed  by  each  master.  But  this  is 
exclusive  of  the  men  employed  in  the  yards. 
In  one  yard  that  I  visited  there  were  fourteen 
people  busily  employed.  Six  of  these  were 
women,  who  were  occupied  in  sifting,  and  they 
were  attended  by  three  men  who  shovelled  the 
dust  into  their  sieves,  and  the  foreman,  who  was 
hard  at  work  loosening  and  dragging  down  the 
dust  from  the  heap,  ready  for  the  "  fillers-in," 
Besides  these  there  were  two  carts  and  four  men 
engaged  in  conveying  the  sifted  dust  to  the  barges 
alongside  the  wharf.  At  a  larger  dust-yard,  that 
formerly  stood  on  the  banks  of  the  Kegent's-canal, 
I  am  informed  that  there  were  sometimes  as 
many  as  127  people  at  work.  It  is  but  a  small 
yard,  which  has  not  30  to  40  labourers  connected 
with  it;  and  the  lesser  dust-yards  have  gene- 
rally (rom  four  to  eight  sifters,  and  six  or  seven 
carts.  There  are,  therefore,  employed  in  a  me- 
dium-sized yard  twelve  collectors  or  cartmen, 
six  sifters,  and  three  fillers-in,  besides  the  foreman 


or  forewoman,  making  altogether  22  persons ;  so 
that,  computing  the  contractors  at  90,  and  allow- 
ing 20  men  to  be  employed  by  each,  there  would 
be  1800  men  thus  occupied  in  the  metropolis, 
which  appears  to  be  very  near  the  truth. 

One  who  has  been  all  his  life  connected  with 
the  business  estimated  that  there  must  be  about 
ten  dustmen  to  each  metropolitan  parish,  large  and 
small.  In  Marylebone  he  believed  there  were 
eighteen  dust-carts,  with  two  men  to  each,  out 
every  day ;  in  some  small  parishes,  however,  two 
men  are  sufficient.  There  would  be  more  men 
employed,  he  said,  but  some  masters  contracted 
for  two  or  three  parishes,  and  so  "  kept  the  same 
men  going,"  working  them  hard,  and  enlarging 
their  regular  rounds.  Calculating,  then,  that  ten 
men  are  employed  to  each  of  the  176  metropoli- 
tan parishes,  we  have  1760  dustmen  in  London. 
The  suburban  parishes,  my  informant  told  me^ 
were  as  well  "dustmaned"  as  any  he  knew; 
for  the  residents  in  such  parts  were  more  particular 
about  their  dust  than  in  busier  places. 

It  is  curious  to  observe  how  closely  the  num- 
ber of  men  engaged  in  the  collection  of  the  '*  dust " 
from  the  coals  burnt  in  London  agrees,  according 
to  the  above  estimate,  with  the  number  of  men 
engaged  in  delivering  the  coals  to  be  burnt.  The 
coal-whippers,  who  "  discharge  the  colliers,"  are 
about  1800,  and  the  coal-porters,  who  carry  the 
coals  from  the  barges  to  the  merchants'  wagons, 
are  about  the  same  in  number.  The  amount  of 
residuum  from  coal  after  burning  cannot,  of  course, 
be  equal  either  in  bulk  or  weight  to  the  original 
substance ;  but  considering  that  the  collection  of 
the  dust  is  a  much  slower  operation  than  the  de- 
livery of  the  coals,  the  difference  is  easily  ac- 
counted for. 

We  may  arrive,  approximately,  at  the  quantity 
of  dust  annually  produced  in  London,  in  the  fol- 
lowing manner : — 

The  consumption  of  coal  in  London,  per  annum, 
is  about  3,500,000  tons,  exclusive  of  what  is 
brought  to  the  metropolis  per  rail.  Coals  are 
made  up  of  the  following  component  parts,  viz. 
(1)  the  inorganic  and  fixed  elements ;  that  is 
to  say,  the  ashes,  or  the  bones,  as  it  were,  of  the 
fossil  trees,  which  cannot  be  burnt ;  (2)  coke,  or 
the  residuary  carbon,  after  being  deprived  of  the 
volatile  matter;  (3)  the  volatile  matter  itself 
given  off  during  combustion  in  the  form  of  flame 
and  smoke. 

The  relative  proportions  of  these  materials  in 
the  various  kinds  of  coals  arc  as  follows  . — 

Carbon,  Volatile, 

per  cent.         per  cent. 

^Tafs    °'     ^'"}  40  to  60     60  to  40 
Newcastle         or  1 

"  house  "  coals.  J 
Lancashire      and 
Yorkshire  coals. 
South    Welsh   or  I    o-i  .    ok 

" steam"  coals.  ^  ^^^''^^ 
Anthracite         or,    ^^^^^ 


67 
50  to  60 


87 

35  to  40 
11  to  15 
None 


Ashes, 
per  cent. 

10 
5 
4 

3 
a  little. 


"  stone  "  coals. 

In  the  metropolis  the  Newcastle  coal  is  chiefly 


170 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


used,  and  this,  we  perceive,  yields  five  per  cent, 
ashes  and  about  67  per  cent,  carbon.  But  a  con- 
siderable part  of  the  carbon  is  converted  into 
carbonic  acid  during  combustion;  if,  therefore, 
we  assume  that  two-thirds  of  the  carbon  are 
thus  consumed,  and  that  the  remaining  third  re- 
mains behind  in  the  form  of  cinder,  we  shall 
have  about  25  per  cent,  of  "dust"  from  every 
ton  of  coal.  On  inquiry  of  those  who  have 
had  long  experience  in  this  matter,  I  find  that 
a  ton  of  coal  may  be  fairly  said  on  an  average 
to  yield  about  one-fourth  its  weight  in  dust; 
hence  the  gross  amount  of  "dust"  annually  pro- 
duced in  London  would  be  900,000  tons,  or  about 
three  tons  per  house  per  annum. 

It  is  impossible  to  obtain  any  definite  statistics 
on  this  part  of  the  subject.  Not  one  in  every 
ten  of  the  contractors  keeps  any  account  of 
the  amount  that  comes  into  the  "  yard,"  An 
intelligent  and  communicative  gentleman  whom  I 
consulted  on  this  matter,  could  give  me  no  in- 
formation on  this  subject  that  was  in  any  way 
satisfactory.  I  have,  however,  endeavoured  to 
check  the  preceding  estimate  in  the  following 
manner.  There  are  in  London  upwards  of  300,000 
inhabited  houses,  and  each  house  furnishes  a 
certain  quota  of  dust  to  the  general  stock.  I  have 
ascertained  that  an  average-sized  house  will  pro- 
duce, in  the  course  of  a  year,  about  three  cart-loads 
of  dust,  while  each  cart  holds  about  40  bushels 
(baskets) — what  the  dustmen  call  a  chaldron. 
There  are,  of  course,  many  houses  in  the  metro- 
polis which  furnish  three  and  four  times  this 
amount  of  dust,  but  against  these  may  be  placed 
the  vast  preponderance  of  small  and  poor  houses 
in  London  and  the  suburbs,  where  there  is  not 
one  quarter  of  the  quantity  produced,  owing  to 
the  small  amount  of  fuel  consumed.  Estimating, 
then,  the  average  annual  quantity  of  dust  from 
each  house  at  three  loads,  or  chaldrons,  and  the 
houses  at  300,000,  it  follows  that  the  gross 
quantity  collected  throughout  the  metropolis  will 
be  about  900,000  chaldrons  per  annum. 

The  next  part  of  the  subject  is — what  becomes 
of  this  vast  quantity  of  dust — to  what  use  it  is 
applied. 

The  dust  thus  collected  is  used  for  two  pur- 
poses, (1)  as  a  manure  for  land  of  a  peculiar 
quality ;  and  (2)  for  making  bricks.  The  fine 
portion  of  the  house-dust  called  "  soil,"  and  sepa- 
rated from  the  "  brieze,"  or  coarser  portion,  by 
sifting,  is  found  to  be  peculiarly  fitted  for  what 
is  called  breaking  up  a  marshy  heathy  soil  at  its 
first  cultivation,  owing  not  only  to  the  dry  nature 
of  the  dust,  but  to  its  possessing  in  an  eminent 
degree  a  highly  separating  quality,  almost,  if  not 
quite,  equal  to  sand.  In  former  years  the  demand 
for  this  finer  dust  was  very  great,  and  barges  were 
continually  in  the  river  waiting  their  turn  to  be 
loaded  with  it  for  some  distant  part  of  the  country. 
At  that  time  the  contractors  were  unable  to  supply 
the  demand,  and  easily  got  1^.  per  chaldron  for  as 
much  as  they  could  furnish,  and  then,  as  I  have 
stated,  many  ships  were  in  the  habit  of  bringing 
cargoes  of  it  from  the  North,  and  of  realizing  a 
good  profit  on  the  transaction.     Of  late  years, 


however — and  particularly,  I  am  told,  since  the 
repeal  of  the  corn-laws — this  branch  of  the  busi- 
ness has  dwindled  to  nothing.  The  contractors  say 
that  the  farmers  do  not  cultivate  their  land  now 
as  they  used  ;  it  will  not  pay  them,  and  instead, 
therefore,  of  bringing  fresh  land  into  tillage,  and 
especially  such  as  requires  this  sort  of  manure, 
they  are  laying  down  that  which  they  previously 
had  in  cultivation,  and  turning  it  into  pasture 
grounds.  It  is  principally  on  this  account,  say  the 
contractors,  that  we  cannot  sell  the  dust  we  collect 
so  well  or  so  readily  as  formerly.  There  are,  how- 
ever, some  cargoes  of  the  dust  still  taken,  par- 
ticularly to  the  lowlands  in  the  neighbourhood 
of  Barking,  and  such  other  places  in  the  vicinity 
of  the  metropolis  as  are  enabled  to  realize  a 
greater  profit,  by  growing  for  the  London  markets. 
Nevertheless,  the  contractors  are  obliged  now  to 
dispose  of  the  dust  at  2s.  Qd.  per  chaldron,  and 
sometimes  less. 

The  finer  dust  is  also  used  to  mix  with  the 
clay  for  making  bricks,  and  barge-loads  are  con- 
tinually shipped  off  for  this  purpose.  The  fine 
ashes  are  added  to  the  clay  in  the  proportion  of 
one-fifth  ashes  to  four-fifths  clay,  or  60  chaldrons 
to  240  cubic  yards,  which  is  sufficient  to  make 
100,000  bricks  (where  much  sand  is  mixed  with 
the  clay  a  smaller  proportion  of  ashes  may  be 
used).  This  quantity  requires  also  the  addition 
of  about  15  chaldrons,  or,  if  mild,  of  about  12 
chaldrons  of  "  brieze,"  to  aid  the  burning.  The 
ashes  are  made  to  mix  with  the  clay  by  collecting 
it  into  a  sort  of  reservoir  fitted  up  for  the  pur- 
pose ;  water  in  great  quantities  is  let  in  upon 
it,  and  it  is  then  stirred  till  it  resembles  a  fine 
thin  paste,  in  which  state  the  dust  easily  mingles 
with  every  part  of  it.  In  this  condition  it  is  left 
till  the  water  either  soaks  into  the  earth,  or  goes 
off  by  evaporation,  when  the  bricks  are  moulded 
in  the  usual  manner,  the  dust  forming  a  compo- 
nent part  of  them. 

The  ashes,  or  cindered  matter,  which  are  thus 
dispersed  throughout  the  substance  of  the  clay, 
become,  in  the  process  of  burning,  gradually 
ignited  and  consumed.  But  the  "  brieze  "  (from 
the  French  Inser,  to  break  or  crush),  that  is  to 
say,  the  coarser  portion  of  the  coal-ash,  is  like- 
wise used  in  the  burning  of  the  bricks.  The 
small  spaces  left  among  the  lowest  courses  of  the 
bricks  in  the  kiln,  or  "clamp,"  are  filled  with 
"brieze,"  and  a  thick  layer  of  the  same  material  is 
spread  on  the  top  of  the  kilns,  when  full.  Fre- 
quently the  "  brieze'"  is  mixed  with  small  coals,  and 
after  having  been  burnt  the  ashes  are  collected, 
and  then  mixed  with  the  clay  to  form  new  bricks. 
The  highest  price  at  present  given  for  "  brieze  " 
is  35.  per  ton. 

The  price  of  the  dust  used  by  the  brickmakers 
has  likewise  been  reduced;  this  the  contractors 
account  for  by  saying  that  there  are  fewer  brick- 
fields than  formerly  near  London,  as  they  have 
been  nearly  all  built  over.  They  assert,  that 
while  the  amount  of  dust  and  cinders  has  increased 
proportionately  to  the  increase  of  the  houses,  the 
demand  for  the  article  has  decreased  in  a  like 
ratio ;    and    that,  moreover,  the  greater  portion 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


171 


of  the  briekfl  now  used  in  London  for  the  new 
buildings  come  from  other  quarters.  Such  dust, 
however,  as  the  contractors  sell  to  the  brick- 
nwkers,  they  in  general  undertake,  for  a  certain 
tarn,  to  cart  to  the  brick-fields,  though  it  often 
happens  that  the  brick-makers'  carts  coming  into 
town  with  their  loads  of  bricks  to  new  buildings, 
call  on  their  return  at  the  dust-yards,  and  carry 
thence  a  load  of  dust  or  cinders  back,  and  so 
save  the  price  of  cartage. 

But  during  the  operation  of  sifting  the  dust, 
many  things  are  found  which  are  useless  for  either 
manure  or  brick-making,  such  as  oyster  shells, 
old  bricks,  old  boots  and  shoes,  old  tin  kettles, 
old  rags  and  bones,  &c.  These  are  used  for 
varions  purposes. 

The  bricks,  &c.,  are  sold  for  sinking  beneath 
foondations,  where  a  thick  layer  of  concrete  is 
spread  over  them.  Many  old  bricks,  too,  are 
used  in  making  new  roads,  especially  where  the 
land,  is  low  and  marshy.  The  old  tin  goes  to 
form  the  japanned  fastenings  for  the  corners  of 
trunks,  as  well  as  to  other  persons,  who  re- 
manufacture  it  into  a  variety  of  articles.  The 
old  shoes  are  sold  to  the  London  shoemakers,  who 
nse  them  as  stuffing  between  the  in-sole  and 
the  outer  one ;  but  by  far  the  greater  quantity  is 
sold  to  the  manufacturers  of  Prussian  blue,  that 
substance  being  formed  out  of  refuse  animal 
matter.  The  rags  and  bones  are  of  course  dis- 
posed of  at  the  usual  places — the  marine-store 
shops. 

A  dust-heap,  therefore,  may  be  briefly  said  to 
be  composed  of  the  following  things,  which  are 
•eyerally  applied  to  the  following  uses  : — 

1.  "  Soil,"  or  fine  dust,  sold  to  brickmakers 
for  Bnking  bricks,  and  to  farmers  for  manure,  es- 
pecially for  clover. 

2.  "  Brieze,"  or  cinders,  sold  to  brickmakers, 
for  burning  bricks. 

8.  Itngs,  bones,  and  old  metal,  sold  to  marine- 
•tore  dealers. 

4.  Old  tin  and  iron  vessels,  sold  for  "  clamps  " 
to  trunks,  &c.,  and  for  making  copperas. 

5.  Old  bricks  and  oyster  shells,  sold  to  builders, 
for  sinking  foundations,  and  forming  ronds. 

6.  Old  boots  and  shoes,  sold  to  Prussian-blue 
manidacturers. 

7.  Money  and  jewellery,  kept,  or  sold  to  Jews. 
The  dust-yards,  or  places   where   the  dust  is 

collected  and  sifted,  are  generally  situated  in  the 
inbarbs,  and  they  may  be  found  all  round  London, 
sometimes  occupying  open  spaces  adjoining  back 
streets  and  lanes,  and  surrounded  by  the  low 
mean  houses  of  the  p«v>r:  frcnupntly,  however, 
they  cover  a  large  ext.  his, 

and  there  the  dost  is  ;  :  in 

a  conical   heap,  and  L:. ......  . ;....  .i^.,,. . ...nice 

of  a  Tolcanie  momtain.  The  reason  why  the 
dost-beap*  are  confined  principally  to  the  suburbs 
is,  that  more  space  is  to  be  fooad  in  the  out- 
skirts than  in  a  thickly-peopled  and  oeirtml  locality. 
Moreover,  the  fear  of  indictments  for  nuisance  has 
bad  considerable  influence  in  the  matter,  for  it 
was  not  untuual  for  the  yards  in  former  times,  to 
be  located  within  the   boandariei  of  the    city. 


i  They  are  now,  however,  scattered  round  London, 
and   always    placed  as   near  as  possible  to    the 
I  river,  or    to    some    canal   communicating   there- 
:  with.        In    St.     George's,    Shad  well,    Katcliffe, 
I  Limehouse,  Poplar,  and  Blackwall,  on  the  north 
I  side  of  the  Thames,  and  in  RedrifFe,  Bermondsey, 
;  and  Rotherhithe,  on  the   south,   they  are  to  be 
!  found  near   the  Thames.     The  object  of  this  is, 
'  that  by  far  the  greater  quantity  of  the  soil  or 
ashes  is  conveyed  in  sailing-barges,  holding  from 
70   to    100   tons    each,    to    Feversham,    Sitting- 
bourne,  and  other  places  in  Kent,  which  are  the 
great    brick-making    manufactories   for    London. 
These  barges   come   up   invariably   loaded    with 
bricks,  and  take  home  in  return  a  cargo  of  soil 
Other  dust-yards  are  situated  contiguous  to  the 
Regent's   and  the    Surrey  canal ;    and    for    the 
same  reason  as  above  stated — for  the  convenience 
of  water  carriage.     Moreover,  adjoining  the  Lime- 
house  cut,  which  is  a  branch  of  the  Lea  River, 
other    dust-yards   may    be     found ;    and    again 
travelling  to  the  opposite  end  of  the  metropolis, 
we  discover  them  not  only  at  Paddingtou  on  the 
banks  of  the  canal,  but    at    Maiden-lane   in    a 
similar  position.     Some  time  since  there  was  an 
immense    dust-heap    in    the    neighbourhood     of 
Gray's-inn-lane,  which  sold  for  20,000/. ;  but  that 
was  in  the  days  when  15*.  and  1/.  per  chaldron 
could  easily  be  procured  for  the  dust.     According 
to  the  present  rate,  not  a  tithe  of  that  amount 
could  have  been  realized  upon  it. 

A  visit  to  any  of  the  large  metropolitan  dust- 
yards  is  far  from  uninteresting.  Near  the  centre 
of  the  yard  rises  the  highest  heap,  composed  of 
what  is  called  the  "  soil,"  or  finer  portion  of  the 
dust  used  for  manure.  Around  this  heap  are 
numerous  lesser  heaps,  consisting  of  the  mixed 
dust  and  rubbish  carted  in  and  shot  down  previous 
to  sifting.  Among  these  heaps  are  many  women 
and  old  men  with  sieves  made  of  iron,  all  busily 
engaged  in  separating  the  "  brieze "  from  the 
"soil."  Thereis  likewise  another  large  heap  in  some 
other  part  of  the  yard,  composed  of  the  cinders 
or  "  brieze "  waiting  to  be  shipped  off  to  the 
brickfields.  The  whole  yard  seems  alive,  some 
sifting  and  others  shovelling  the  sifted  soil  on  to 
the  heap,  while  every  now  and  then  the  dust- 
carts return  to  discharge  their  loads,  and  pro- 
ceed again  on  their  rounds  for  a  fresh  supply. 
Cocks  and  hens  keep  up  a  continual  scratching  and 
cackling  among  the  heaps,  and  numerous  pigs  seem 
to  find  great  delight  in  rooting  incessantly  about 
after  the  garbage  and  ofSil  collected  from  the 
houses  and  markets. 

In  a  dust-yard  lately  visited  the  sifters 
formed  a  curious  sight;  they  were  almost 
up  to  their  middle  in  dust,  ranged  in  a  semi- 
circle in  front  of  that  part  of  the  heap  which 
was  being  "worked;"  each  had  before  her  a 
small  mound  of  soil  which  had  fallen  through  her 
sieve  and  formed  a  sort  of  embankment,  behind 
which  she  stood.  The  .ippearance  of  the  entire 
group  at  their  work  was  most  peculiar.  Their 
coarse  dirty  cotton  gowns  were  tucked  up  behind 
them,  their  arms  were  bared  above  their  elbows, 
their  bbck  bonneU  crushed  anA  battered  like 


172 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


those  of  fish-women ;  over  their  gowns  they 
wore  a  strong  leathern  apron,  extending  from 
their  necks  to  the  extremities  of  their  petticoats, 
while  over  this,  again,  was  another  leathern  apron, 
shorter,  thickly  padded,  and  fastened  by  a  stout 
string  or  strap  round  the  waist.  In  the  process 
of  their  work  they  pushed  the  sieve  from  them 
and  drew  it  back  again  with  apparent  violence, 
striking  it  against  the  outer  leathern  apron  with 
such  force  that  it  produced  each  time  a  hollow 
sound,  like  a  blow  on  the  tenor  drum.  All  the 
women  present  were  middle  aged,  with  the  excep- 
tion of  one  who  Avas  very  old — 68  years  of  age 
she  told  me — and  had  been  at  the  business  from 
a  girl.  She  was  the  daughter  of  a  dustman,  the 
wife,  or  woman  of  a  dustman,  and  the  mother  of 
several  young  dustmen — sons  and  grandsons — all 
at  work  at  the  dust-yards  at  the  east  end  of  the 
metropolis. 

We  now  come  to  speak  of  the  labourers  engaged 
in  collecting,  sifting,  or  shipping  off  the  dust  of 
the  metropolis. 

The  dustmen,  scavengers,  and  nightmen  are,  to 
a  certain  extent,  the  same  people.  The  contrac- 
tors generally  agree  with  the  various  parishes  to 
remove  both  the  dust  from  the  houses  and  th'e 
mud  from  the  streets;  the  men  in  their  em- 
ploy are  indiscriminately  engaged  in  these  two 
diverse  occupations,  collecting  the  dust  to-day,  and 
often  cleansing  the  streets  on  the  morrow,  and  are 
designated  either  dustmen  or  scavengers,  accord- 
ing to  their  particular  avocation  at  the  moment. 
The  case  is  somewhat  diiferent,  however,  with 
respect  to  the  nightmen.  Tliere  is  no  such  thing 
as  a  contract  with  the  parish  for  removing  the 
nightsoil.  This  is  done  by  private  agreement 
with  the  landlord  of  the  premises  whence  the  soil 
has  to  be  removed.  When  a  cesspool  requires 
emptying,  the  occupying  tenant  communicates  with 
the  landlord,  who  makes  an  arrangement  with  a 
dust-contractor  or  sweep-nightman  for  this  pur- 
pose. This  operation  is  totally  distinct  from  the 
regular  or  daily  labour  of  the  dust-contractor's 
men,  who  receive  extra  pay  for  it;  sometimes 
one  set  go  out  at  night  and  sometimes  another, 
according  either  to  the  selection  of  the  master  or 
the  inclination  of  the  men.  There  are,  however, 
some  dustmen  who  have  never  been  at  work 
as  nightmen,  and  could  not  be  induced  to  do  so, 
from  an  invincible  antipathy  to  the  employment ; 
still,  such  instances  are  few,  for  the  men  generally 
go  whenever  they  can,  and  occasionally  engage  in 
nightwork  for  employers  unconnected  with  their 
masters.  It  is  calculated  that  there  are  some  hun- 
dreds of  men  employed  nightly  in  the  removal  of 
the  nightsoil  of  the  metropolis  during  the  summer 
and  autumn,  and  as  these  men  have  often  to  work 
at  dust-collecting  or  cleansing  the  streets  on  the 
following  day,  it  is  evident  that  the  same  persons 
cannot  be  thus  employed  every  night;  accordingly 
the  ordinary  practice  is  for  the  dustmen  to  "  take 
it  in  turns,"  thus  allowing  each  set  to  be  em- 
ployed every  third  night,  and  to  have  two  nights' 
rest  in  the  interim. 

The  men,  therefore,  who  collect  the  dust  on 
one  day  may  be  cleaning  the  streets  on  the  next. 


especially  during  wet  weather,  and  engaged  at 
night,  perhaps,  twice  during  the  week,  in  re- 
moving nightsoil ;  so  that  it  is  difficult  to  arrive 
at  any  precise  notion  as  to  the  number  of  persons 
engaged  in  any  one  of  these  branches  j)er  se. 

But  these  labourers  not  only  work  indiscri- 
minately at  the  collection  of  dust,  the  cleansing 
of  the  streets,  or  the  removal  of  nightsoil,  but 
they  are  employed  almost  as  indiscriminately  at 
the  various  branches  of  the  dust  business ;  witli 
this  qualification,  however,  that  few  men  apply 
themselves  continuously-to  any  one  branch  of  the 
business.  The  labourers  employed  in  a  dust-j-aid 
may  be  divided  into  two  classes  :  those  paid  Ly 
the  contractor;  and  those  paid  by  the  foreman  or 
forewoman  of  the  dust-heap,  commonly  called 
hill-man  or  hill-woman. 

They  are  as  follows  : — 

I.  Labourers  paib  by  the  Contractors,  or, 

1.  Yard  foretnan,  or  superintendent.  Tliis 
duty  is  often  perfoimed  by  the  master, 
especially  in  small  contracts. 

2.  Gangers  or  dust-collectors.  These  are 
called  "fillers"  and  "carriers,"  from  the 
practice  of  one  of  the  men  who  go  out  with 
the  cart  filling  the  basket,  and  the  other 
carrying  it  on  his  shoulder  to  the  vehicle. 

3.  Loaders  of  carts  in  the  dust-yard  for  ship- 
ment. 

4.  Carriers  of  cinders  to  the  cinder-heap,  or 
bricks  to  the  brick-heap. 

5.  Foreman  ox  forewoman  of  the  heap. 

II.  Labourers    paid  by  the    hill-man  or 

HILL-WOMAN. 

1.  Sifters,  who  are  generally  women,  and 
mostly  the  wives  or  concubines  of  the 
dustmen,  but  sometimes  the  wives  of  badly- 
paid  labourers. 

2.  Fillers-in,  or  shovellers  of  dust  into  the 
sieves  of  the  sifters  (one  man  being  allowed 
to  every  two  or  three  women). 

3.  Carriers  off  of  bones,  rags,  metal,  and  other 
perquisites  to  the  various  heaps;  these  are 
mostly  children  of  the  dustmen. 

A  medium-sized  dust-yard  will  employ  about 
twelve  collectors,  three  fillers-in,  six  sifters,  and 
one  foreman  or  forewoman ;  while  a  large  yard 
will  afford  work  to  about  150  people. 

There  are  four  different  modes  of  payment 
prevalent  among  the  several  labourers  employed 
at  the  metropolitan  dust-yards  : — (1)  by  the  day; 
(2)  by  the  piece  or  load ;  (3)  by  the  lump ;  (4) 
by  perquisites. 

1st.  The  foreman  of  the  yard,  where  the  master 
does  not  perform  this  duty  himself,  is  generally 
one  of  the  regular  dustmen  picked  out  by  the 
master,  for  this  purpose.  He  is  paid,  the  sum  of 
2s.  6d.  per  day,  or  15s.  per  week.  In  large  yards 
there  are  sometimes  two  and  even  three  yard- 
foremen  at  the  same  rate  of  wages.  Their  duty  is 
merely  to  superintend  the  work.  They  do  not 
labour  themselves,  and  their  exemption  in  this 
respect  is  considered,  and  indeed  looked  en 
by  themselves,  as  a  sort  of  premium  for  good 
services. 

2nd.  The  gangers  or  collectors  are  generally 


"^  '^^i'C 


THE      LONDON       SWEEP 

\Vri)m  a  Dogumrtoli/pe  In  Dkard.] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


173 


paid  M.  per  load  for  erery  load  they  bring  into 
the  yard.  This  is,  of  course,  piece  work,  for  the 
more  hours  the  men  work  the  more  loads  will 
they  be  enabled  to  bring,  and  the  more  pay  will 
thev  receive.  There  are  some  yards  where  the 
carters  get  only  ^d.  per  load,  as,  for  instance,  at 
Paddington.  The  Paddingtonmen,  however,  are  not 
considered  inferior  workmen  to  the  rest  of  their 
fellows,  but  merely  to  be  worse  paid.  In  1826,  or 
26  years  ago,  the  carters  had  Is.  M.  per  load ;  but 
at  that  time  the  contractors  were  able  to  get  \l. 
per  chaldron  for  the  soil  and  "  brieze  "  or  cinders ; 
then  it  began  to  fall  in  value,  and  according  to  the 
decrease  in  the  price  of  these  commodities,  so 
have  the  wages  of  the  dust-collectors  been  reduced. 
It  will  be  at  once  seen  that  the  reduction  in  the 
wages  of  the  dustmen  bears  no  proportion  to  the 
reduction  in  the  price  of  soil  and  cinders,  but  it 
must  be  borne  in  mind  that  whereas  the  con- 
tractors formerly  paid  large  sums  for  liberty  to 
collect  the  dust,  they  now  are  paid  large  sums  to 
remove  it.  This  in  some  measure  helps  to  account 
for  the  apparent  disproportion,  and  tends,  perhaps, 
to  equalize  the  matter.  The  gangers,  therefore, 
have  id.  each,  per  load  when  best  paid.  They 
consider  from  four  to  six  loads  a  good  day's  work, 
for  where  the  contract  is  large,  extending  over 
several  parishes,  they  often  have  to  travel  a  long 
way  for  a  load.  It  thus  happens  that  while  the 
men  employed  by  the  Whitechapel  contractor 
can,  when  doing  their  utmost,  manage  to  bring 
only  four  loads  a  day  to  the  yard,  which  is 
lituated  in  a  place  called  the  "  ruins  "  in  Lower 
Shadwell,  the  men  employed  by  the  Shadwell 
contractor  can  easilygeteightornine  loads  in  a  day. 
Five  loads  are  about  an  average  day's  work,  and 
this  gives  them  \s.  %\d.  per  day  each,  or  IO5. 
per  week.  In  addition  to  this,  the  men  have 
their  perquisites  "  in  aid  of  wages."  The  collec- 
tors are  in  the  habit  of  getting  beer  or  money  in 
lieu  thereof,  at  nearly  all  the  houses  from  which 
they  remove  the  dust,  the  public  being  thus  in  a 
manner  compelled  to  make  up  the  rate  of  wages, 
which  should  be  paid  by  the  employer,  so  that 
what  is  given  to  benefit  the  men  really  goes  to 
the  master,  who  invariably  reduces  the  wages  to 
the  precise  amount  of  the  perquisites  obtained. 
This  is  the  main  evil  of  the  "  perquisite  system 
of  payment"  (a  system  of  which  the  mode  of 
paying  wnit<'r8  may  l)e  taken  as  the  special  type), 
Aj  :.  '■''     ■   ■       -119  effects  of  this  mode 

Oi  ith  the  London  dust- 

I      ni-  ,  ■         Ij  as  it  were,  to  extort 

fr 'm  the  public  that  portion  of  their  fair  earnings 
of  which  their  master  deprives  them ;  hence,  how  can 

I      wc  wonder  that  they  make  i  t  a  rule  when  they  receive 

I  n-'ither  beer  nor  money  from  a  house  to  make  as 
gr«it  a  mess  a»  possible  the  next  time  they  come, 
scattering  the  dust  and  cinders  about  in  such  a 
manner,  that,  soonfM*  than  have  any  trouble  with 
l"    ri,  !<-";i!'-  t::     '"  "  "     '  '"     •  look  for? 

11:  :      :  ,  !ri  I  have 

:  his  per- 
.:  -.;.  .  :  r  {:.■■  a  t  v..  ■  : . ,  v,/,  ;  ;.i  ■  :  Uiy,  5\d.  ; 
'j  :• -'l.-iy.  •;./.  ;  U'r.iii.--,.l,iy,   1  ^/.  ;  Ti.iir.sdiiy,  7rf,  ; 

I      Friday,  SJc/. ;  and  Saturday,  5t/.  This  he  received 


in  money,  and  was  independent  of  beer.  He  had 
on  the  same  week  drawn  rather  more  than  five  loads 
each  day,  to  the  yard,  which  made  his  gross  earnings 
for  the  week,  wages  and  perquisites  together,  to  be 
14.^.  O^d.  which  he  considers  to  be  a  fair  average 
of  his  weekly  earnings  as  connected  with  dust. 

3rd.  The  loaders  of  the  carts  for  shipment  are 
the  same  persons  as  those  who  collect  the  dust, 
but  thus  employed  for  the  time  being.  The  pay 
for  this  work  is  by  the  "  piece "  also,  2d.  per 
chaldron  between  four  persons  being  the  usual 
rate,  or  \d.  per  man.  The  men  so  engaged 
have  no  perquisites.  The  barges  into  which  they 
shoot  the  soil  or  "brieze,"  as  the  case  may  be, 
hold  from  50  to  70  chaldrons,  and  they  consider 
the  loading  of  one  of  these  barges  a  good  day's 
work.  The  average  cargo  is  about  60  chaldrons, 
which  gives  them  2*.  6d.  per  day,  or  somewhat 
more  than  their  average  earnings  when  collecting, 

4th.  The  carriers  of  cinders  to  the  cinder 
heap.  I  have  mentioned  that,  ranged  round  the 
sifters  in  the  dust-yard,  are  a  number  of  baskets, 
into  which  are  put  the  various  things  found  among 
the  dust,  some  of  these  being  the  property  of  the 
master,  and  others  the  perquisites  of  the  hill  man 
or  woman,  as  the  case  may  be.  The  cinders  and 
old  bricks  are  the  property  of  the  master,  and  to 
remove  them  to  their  proper  heaps  boys  are  em- 
ployed by  him  at  Is.  per  day.  These  boys  are 
almost  universally  the  children  of  dustmen  and 
sifters  at  work  in  the  yard,  and  thus  not  only 
help  to  increase  the  earnings  of  the  family,  but 
qualify  themselves  to  become  the  dustmen  of  a 
future  day. 

5th,  The  hill-man  or  hill-woman.  The  hill- 
man  enters  into  an  agreement  with  the  contractor 
to  sift  all  the  dust  in  the  yard  throughout  the  year 
at  so  much  per  load  and  perquisites.  The  usual 
sum  per  load  is  6d.,  nor  have  I  been  able  to  ascer- 
tain that  any  of  these  people  undertake  to  do  it  at 
a  less  price.  Such  is  the  amount  paid  by  the 
contractor  for  Whitechapel.  The  perquisites  of 
the  hill-man  or  hill-woman,  are  rags,  bones,  pieces 
of  old  metal,  old  tin  or  iron  vessels,  old  boots  and 
shoes,  .ind  one-half  of  the  money,  jewellery,  or  other 
valuables  that  may  be  found  by  the  sifters. 

The  hill-man  or  hill-woman  employs  the  follow- 
ing persons,  and  pays  them  at  the  following  rates, 

Ist.  The  sifters  are  paid  Is.  per  day  when 
employed,  but  the  employment  is  not  constant. 
The  work  cannot  be  pursued  in  wet  weather,  and 
the  services  of  the  sifters  are  required  only  when 
a  large  heap  has  accumulated,  as  they  can  sift 
much  foster  than  the  dust  can  be  collected.  The 
employment  is  therefore  precarious ;  the  payment 
has  not,  for  the  last  30  years  at  least,  been  more 
than  Is.  per  day,  but  the  perquisites  were  greater. 
They  formerly  were  allowed  one-half  of  whatever 
was  found ;  of  late  years,  however,  the  hill-man  has 
gradually  reduced  the  perquisites  "  first  one  thing 
and  then  another,"  until  the  only  one  they  have 
now  remaining  is  half  of  whatever  money  or  other 
valuable  article  may  bo  found  in  the  process  of 
sifting.  These  valuables  the  sifters  often  pocket, 
if  able  to  do  so  unperceived,  but  if  discovered  in  the 
attempt,  they  are  immediately  discharged. 


174 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


2nd.  ''The  fillers-in,"  or  ehovellers  of  dust 
into  the  sieves  of  sifters,  are  in  general  any  poor 
fellows  who  may  be  straggling  about  in  searcli  of 
employment.  They  are  sometimes,  however,  the 
grown-up  boys  of  dustmen,  not  yet  permanently 
engaged  by  the  contractor.  These  are  paid  2s. 
per  day  for  their  labour,  but  they  are  considered 
more  as  casualty  men,  though  it  often  happens,  if 
"hands"  are  wanted,  that  they  are  regularly  en- 
gaged by  the  contractors,  and  become  regular  dust- 
men for  the  remainder  of  their  lives. 

3rd.  The  little  fellows,  the  children  of  the 
dustmen,  who  follow  their  mothers  to  the  yard, 
and  help  them  to  pick  rags,  bones,  &c.,  out  of  the 
sieve  and  put  them  into  the  baskets,  as  soon  as 
they  are  able  to  carry  a  basket  between  two  of 
them  to  the  separate  heaps,  are  paid  Zd.  or  id. 
per  day  for  this  work  by  the  hill-man. 

The  wages  of  the  dustmen  have  been  increased 
within  the  last  seven  years  from  Qd.  per  load  to 
8c4  among  the  large  contractors — the  "  small 
masters,"  however,  still  continue  to  pay  Qd.  per 
load.  This  increase  in  the  rate  of  remuneration 
was  owing  to  the  men  complaining  to  the  com- 
missioners that  they  were  not  able  to  live  upon 
what  they  earned  at  Qd. ;  an  enquiry  was  made 
into  the  truth  of  the  men's  assertion,  and  the  re- 
sult was  that  the  coramisioners  decided  upon  letting 
the  contracts  to  such  parties  only  as  would  under- 
take to  pay  a  fair  price  to  their  workmen.  The 
contractors,  accordingly,  increased  the  remunera- 
tion of  the  labourers;  since  then  the  principal  mas- 
ters have  paid  M.  per  load  to  the  collectors.  It  is 
right  I  should  add,  that  I  could  not  hear — though 
I  made  special  enquiries  on  the  subject — that  the 
wages  had  been  in  any  one  instance  reduced  since 
Free-trade  has  come  into  operation. 

The  usual  hours  of  labour  vary  according  to 
the  mode  of  payment.  The  "  collectors,"  or  men 
out  with  the  cart,  being  paid  by  the  load,  work 
as  long  as  the  light  lasts;  the  "fillers-in"  and 
sifters,  on  the  other  hand,  being  paid  by  the  day, 
work  the  ordinary  hours,  viz.,  from  six  to  six, 
with  the  regular  intervals  for  meals. 

The  summer  is  the  worst  time  for  all  hands,  for 
then  the  dust  decreases  in  quantity;  the  collectors, 
however,  make  up  for  the  "slackness"  at  this 
period  by  nightwork,  and,  being  paid  by  the 
"  piece"  or  load  at  the  dust  business,  are  not  dis- 
charged when  their  employment  is  less  brisk. 

It  has  been  shown  that  the  dustmen  who  per- 
ambulate the  streets  usually  collect  five  loads  in  a 
day  ;  this,  at  %d.  per  load,  leaves  them  about 
Is.  M.  each,  and  so  makes  their  weekly  earnings 
amount  to  about  10s.  per  week.  Moreover, 
there  are  the  "  perquisites "  from  the  houses 
whence  they  remove  the  dust ;  and  further, 
the  dust-collectors  are  frequently  employed  at 
the  night- work,  which  is  always  a  distinct  mat- 
ter from  the  dust-collecting,  &c.,  and  paid  for 
independent  of  their  regular  weekly  wages,  so 
that,  from  all  I  can  gather,  the  average  wage*  of 
the  men  appear  to  be  rather  more  than  15s. 
Some  admitted  to  me,  that  in  busy  times  they 
often  earned  25».  a  week. 

Then,  again,  dustwork,  as  with  the  weaving  of 


silk,  is  a  kind  of  family  work.  The  husband, 
wife,  and  children  (unfortunately)  all  work  at  it. 
The  consequence  is,  that  the  earnings  of  the  whole 
have  to  be  added  together  in  orfler  to  arrive  at 
a  notion  of  the  aggregate  gains. 

The  following  may  therefore  be  taken  as  a  fair 
average  of  the  earnings  of  a  dustman  and  his 
family  wJien  in  full  employment.  The  elder  boys 
when  able  to  earn  Is.  a  day  set  up  for  them- 
selves, and  do  not  allow  their  wages  to  go  into 
the  common  purse. 

£•    s.    d.     £.    s.    d, 

Man,  5  loads  per  day, 
or  30  loads  per  week,  at 
id.  per  load       .     .     .     .010     0 

Perquisites,  or  beer 
money 0     2     9^ 

Night-work  for  2  nights 
a  week 0     5     0 


Woman,  or  sifter,  per 
week,  at  Is.  per  day    .     .  0 

Perquisites,  say  Zd.  a 
day 0 

Child,  Zd.  per  day,  car- 
rying rags,  bones,  &c.       .  — 


1     6 


0  17     9«- 


0     7     G 


0     1     G 


Total  .     1     6     9i~ 

These  are  the  earnings,  it  should  be  borne  in 
mind,  of  a  family  in  full  employment.  Perhaps 
it  may  be  fairly  said  that  the  earnings  of  the 
single  men  are,  on  an  average,  15s.  a  week,  and 
11.  for  the  family  men  all  the  year  round. 

Now,  when  we  remember  that  the  wages  of 
many  agricultural  labourers  are  but  8s.  a  week, 
and  the  earnings  of  many  needlewomen  not  Qd,  a 
day,  it  must  be  confessed  that  the  remuneration 
of  the  dustmen,  and  even  of  the  dustwomen,  is 
comparatively  high.  This  certainly  is  not  due 
to  what  Adam  Smith,  in  his  chapter  on  the 
Difference  of  Wages,  terms  the  "  disagreeable- 
ness  of  the  employment."  "  The  wages  of  la- 
bour," he  says,  "  vary  with  the  ease  or  hardship, 
the  cleanliness  or  dirtiness,  the  honourableness 
or  dishonourableness,  of  the  employment."  It 
will  be  seen  —  when  we  come  to  treat  of 
the  nightmen — that  the  most  offensive,  and  per- 
haps the  least  honourable,  of  all  trades,  is  far  from 
ranking  among  the  best  paid,  as  it  should,  if  the 
above  principle  held  good.  That  the  disagreeable- 
ness  of  the  occupation  may  in  a  measure  tend  to 
decrease  the  competition  among  the  labourers, 
there  cannot  be  the  least  doubt,  but  that  it  will 
consequently  induce,  as  political  economy  would 
have  us  believe,  a  larger  amount  of  wages  to  accrue 
to  each  of  the  labourers,  is  certainly  another  of 
the  many  assertions  of  that  science  which  must 
be  pronounced  "  not  proven."  For  the  dustmen 
are  paid,  if  anything,  less,  and  certainly  not  more, 
than  the  usual  rate  of  payment  to  the  London 
labourers;  and  if  the  earnings  rank  high,  as 
times  go,  it  is  because  all  the  members  of  the 
family,  from  the  very  earliest  age,  are  able  to 
work  at  the  business,  and  so  add  to  the  general 
gains. 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


175 


The  dustmen  are,  generally  speaking,  an  he- 
reditary race ;  when  children  they  are  reared  in 
the  dust-yard,  and  are  habituated  to  the  work 
gradually  as  they  grow  up,  after  which,  almost  as 
a  natural  consequence,  they  follow  the  business 
for  the  remainder  of  their  lives.  These  may 
be  said  to  be  bom-and-bred  dustmen.  The  num- 
bers of  the  regular  men  are,  however,  from  time 
to  time  recruited  from  the  ranks  of  the  many  ill- 
paid  labourers  with  which  London  abounds. 
When  hands  are  wanted  for  any  special  occasion 
an  employer  has  only  to  go  to  any  of  the  dock- 
gates,  to  find  at  all  times  hundreds  of  starving 
wretches  anxiously  watching  for  the  chance  of 
getting  something  to  do,  even  at  the  rate  of  id. 
per  hour.  As  the  operation  of  emptying  a  dust- 
bin requires  only  the  ability  to  handle  a  shovel, 
which  every  labonring  man  can  manage,  all  work- 
men, however  unskilled,  can  at  once  engage  in 
the  occupation;  and  it  often  happens  that  the 
men  thus  casu^ly  employed  remain  at  the  calling 
for  the  remainder  of  their  lives.  There  are  no 
houses  of  call  whence  the  men  are  taken  on 
when  wanting  work.  There  are  certainly  public- 
houses,  which  are  denominated  houses  of  call,  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  every  dust-yard,  but  these 
are  merely  the  drinking  shops  of  the  men,  whither 
they  resort  of  an  evening  after  the  labour  of  the 
day  is  accomplished,  and  whence  they  are  fur- 
nished in  the  course  of  the  afternoon  with  beer ; 
but  such  houses  cannot  be  said  to  constitute  the 
dustman's  "labour-market,"  as  in  the  tailoring 
and  other  trades,  they  being  never  resorted  to 
as  hiring-placcs,  but  rather  used  by  the  men  only 
when  hired.  If  a  master  have  not  enough 
"  hands  "  he  usually  inquires  among  his  men,  who 
mostly  know  some  who — owing,  perhaps,  to  the 
failure  of  their  previous  master  in  getting  his 
nstial  contract — are  only  casually  employed  at 
other  places.  Such  men  are  immediately  en- 
gaged in  preference  to  others  ;  but  if  these  cannot 
be  found,  the  contractors  at  once  have  recourse  to 
the  system  already  stated. 

The  manner  in  which  the  dust  is  collected  is  very 
simple.  The  "filler"  and  the  "carrier"  perambulate 
the  streets  with  a  heavily-built  high  box  cart,  which 
is  mostly  coated  with  a  thick  crustof  filth, and  drawn 
by  a  clumsy-looking  horse.  These  men  used,  before 
the  passing  of  the  late  Street  Act,  to  ring  a  dull- 
sounding  bell  so  as  to  give  notice  to  housekeepers 
of  their  l^pcoacb,  but  now  they  merely  cry,  in  a 
Immim  ■■■MMfa'al  voice,  "  Dust  oy-eh  ! '  Two  men 
aoeomimy  tka  cart,  which  is  fumished  with  a  short 
ladder  and  two  shovels  and  baskets.  These  baskets 
one  of  the  men  fills  from  the  dust-bin,  and  then 
helps  them  alternately,  as  fast  as  they  are  filled, 
upon  the  shoulder  of  the  other  man,  who  carries 
them  one  by  one  to  the  cart,  which  is  placed  im- 
mediately alongside  the  pavement  in  front  of  the 
hoase  where  they  are  at  work.  The  carrier 
mounts  up  the  side  of  the  cart  by  means  of  the 
Udder,  discharges  into  it  the  contents  of  the 
basket  on  his  shoulder,  and  then  returns  below 
for  the  other  basket  which  his  mate  has  filled  for 
him  in  the  interim.  This  process  is  pursued  till 
all  is  deandawmy,  and  repeated  at  different  houses 


till  the  cart  is  fully  loaded  ;  then  the  men  make 
the  best  of  their  way  to  the  dust-yard,  where 
they  shoot  the  contents  of  the  cart  on  to  the 
heap,  and  again  proceed  on  their  regular  rounds. 

The  dustmen,  in  their  appearance,  very  much 
resemble  the  waggoners  of  the  coal-merchants. 
They  generally  wear  knee-breeches,  with  ancle 
boots  or  gaiters,  short  dirty  smockfrocks  or  coarse 
gray  jackets,  and  fantail  hats.  In  one  particular, 
however,  they  are  at  first  sight  distinguishable 
from  the  coal-merchants'  men,  for  the  latter  are 
invariably  black  from  coal  dust,  while  the  dust- 
men, on  the  contrary,  are  gray  with  ashes. 

In  their  personal  appearance  the  dustmen  are 
mostly  tall  stalwart  fellows;  there  is  notliing  sickly- 
looking  about  them,  and  yet  a  considerable  part 
of  their  time  is  passed  in  the  yards  and  in  the 
midst  of  effluvia  most  offensive,  and,  if  we  believe 
"zymotic  theorists," as  unhealthy  to  those  unaccus- 
tomed to  them  ;  nevertheless,  the  children,  who 
may  be  said  to  be  reared  in  the  yard  and  to  have 
inhaled  the  stench  of  the  dust-heap  with  their 
first  breath,  are  healthy  and  strong.  It  is  said, 
moreover,  that  during  the  plague  in  London  the 
dustmen  were  the  persons  who  carted  away  the 
dead,  and  it  remains  a  tradition  among  the  class 
to  the  present  day,  that  not  one  of  them  died  of 
the  plague,  even  during  its  greatest  ravages.  In 
Paris,  too,  it  is  well  known,  that,  during  the  cho- 
lera of  1849,  the  quarter  of  Belleville,  where 
the  night-soil  and  refuse  of  the  city  is  deposited, 
escaped  the  freest  from  the  pestilence ;  and  in 
London  the  dustmen  boast  that,  during  both  the 
recent  visitations  of  the  cholera,  they  were  alto- 
gether exempt  from  the  disease.  "Look  at  that 
fellow,  sir  !"  said  one  of  the  dust-contractors  to 
me,  pointing  to  his  son,  who  was  a  stout  red- 
cheeked  young  man  of  about  twenty.  "  Do  you 
see  anything  ailing  about  him  ]  Well,  he  has  been 
in  the  yard  since  he  was  bom.  There  stands 
my  house  just  at  the  gate,  so  you  see  he  hadn't 
far  to  travel,  and  when  quite  a  child  he  used  to 
play  and  root  away  here  among  the  dust  all  his 
time.  I  don't  think  he  ever  had  a  day's  illness 
in  his  life.  The  people  about  the  yard  are  all 
used  to  the  smell  and  don't  complain  about  it. 
It 's  all  stuff  and  nonsense,  all  this  talk  about 
dust-yards  being  unhealthy.  I  've  never  done 
anything  else  all  my  days  and  I  don't  think  I 
look  very  ill.  I  shouldn't  wonder  now  but  what 
I  'd  be  set  down  as  being  fresh  from  the  sea-sido 
by  those  very  fellows  that  write  all  this  trash  about 
a  matter  that  they  don't  know  just  t/cat  about ;"  and 
he  snapped  his  fingers  contemptuously  in  the  air, 
and,  thrusting  both  hands  into  his  breeches  pockets, 
strutted  about,  apparently  satisfied  that  he  had  the 
best  of  the  argument.  He  was,  in  fact,  a  stout, 
jolly,  red-faced  man.  Indeed,  the  dustmen,  as 
a  class,  appear  to  be  healthy,  strong  men,  and 
extraordinary  instances  of  longevity  are  common 
among  them.  I  heard  of  one  dustman  who  lived 
to  be  115  years;  another,  named  Wood,  died  at 
100;  and  the  well-known  Richard  Tyrrell  died 
only  a  short  time  back  at  the  advanced  age  of  97. 
The  misfortune  is,  that  we  have  no  large  series  of 
Cuts  on  this  subject,  bo  that  the  longevity  and 


176 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


health  of  the  dustmen  might  be  compared  with 
those  of  other  classes. 

In  ahuost  all  their  habits  the  Dustmen  are 
similar  to  the  Costermongers,  with  the  exception 
that  they  seem  to  want  their  cunning  and  natural 
quickness,  and  that  they  have  little  or  no  pre- 
dilection for  gaming.  Costermongers,  however, 
are  essentially  traders,  and  all  trade  is  a  species 
of  gambling — the  risking  of  a  certain  sum  of  money 
to  obtain  more ;  hence  spring,  perhaps,  the  gam- 
bling propensities  of  low  traders,  such  as  costers, 
and  Jew  clothes-men ;  and  hence,  too,  that  natural 
sharpness  which  characterizes  the  same  classes. 
The  dustmen,  on  the  contrary,  have  regular  em- 
ployment and  something  like  regular  wages,  and 
therefore  rest  content  with  what  they  can  earn  in 
their  usual  way  of  business. 

Very  few  of  them  understand  cards,  and  I  could 
not  learn  that  they  ever  play  at  "  pitch  and  toss." 
I  remarked,  however,  a  number  of  parallel  lines 
such  as  are  used  for  playing  "  shove  halfpenny," 
on  a  deal  table  in  the  tap-room  frequented  by 
them.  The  great  amusement  of  their  evenings 
seems  to  be,  to  smoke  as  many  pipes  of  tobacco 
and  drink  as  many  pots  of  beer  as  possible. 

I  believe  it  will  be  found  that  all  persons  in  the 
habit  of  driving  horses,  such  as  cabmen,  'busmen, 
stage-coach  drivers,  &c.,  are  peculiarly  partial  to  in- 
toxicating drinks.  The  cause  of  this  I  leave 
others  to  determine,  merely  observing  that  there 
would  seem  to  be  two  reasons  for  it :  the  first  is, 
their  frequent  stopping  at  public-houses  to  water  or 
change  their  horses,  so  that  the  idea  of  drinking 
is  repeatedly  suggested  to  their  minds  even  if  the 
practice  be  not  txxjecttd  of  them  ;  while  the  second 
reason  is,  that  being  out  continually  in  the  wet, 
they  resort  to  stimulating  liquors  as  a  preventive  to 
"  colds  "  until  at  length  a  habit  of  drinking  is 
formed.  Moreover,  from  the  mere  fact  of  passing 
continually  through  the  air,  they  are  enabled  to 
drink  a  greater  quantity  with  comparative  im- 
punity. Be  the  cause,  however,  what  it  may,  the 
dustmen  spend  a  large  proportion  of  their  earnings 
in  drink.  There  is  always  some  public-house  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  the  dust-yard,  where  they 
obtain  credit  from  one  week  to  another,  and 
here  they  may  be  found  every  night  from  the 
moment  their  work  is  done,  drinking,  and 
smoking  their  long  pipes — their  principal  amuse- 
ment consisting  in  "chaffing"  each  other.  This 
"chaffing"  consists  of  a  species  of  scurrilous  jokes 
supposed  to  be  given  and  taken  in  good  part,  and 
the  noise  and  uproar  occasioned  thereby  increases 
as  the  night  advances,  and  as  the  men  get  heated 
with  liquor.  Sometimes  the  joking  ends  in  a 
general  quarrel ;  the  next  morning,  however,  they 
are  all  as  good  friends  as  ever,  and  mutually  agree 
in  laying  the  blame  on  the  "  cussed  drink." 

One-half,  at  least,  of  the  dustmen's  earnings,  is, 
I  am  assured,  expended  in  drink,  both  man  and 
woman  assisting  in  squandering  their  money  in  this 
way.  They  usually  live  in  rooms  for  which  they 
pay  from  1«.  6rf.  to  2«.  per  week  rent,  three  or  four 
dust-men  and  their  wives  frequently  lodging  in  the 
same  house.  These  rooms  are  cheerless-looking, 
and  almost  unfurnished — and  are  always  situate 


in  some  low  street  or  lane  not  far  from  the  dust- 
3'ard.  The  men  have  rarely  any  clothes  but  those 
in  which  they  work.  For  their  breakfast  the  dustmen 
on  their  rounds  mostly  go  to  some  cheap  coffee- 
house, where  they  get  a  pint  or  half-pint  of  coffee, 
taking  their  bread  with  them  as  a  matter  of  eco- 
nomy. Their  midday  meal  is  taken  in  the  public- 
house,  and  is  almost  always  bread  and  cheese  and 
beer,  or  else  a  saveloy  or  a  piece  of  fat  pork  or 
bacon,  and  at  night  they  mostly  "  wind  up  "  by 
deep  potations  at  their  favourite  house  of  call. 

There  are  many  dustmen  now  advanced  in  years 
born  and  reared  at  the  East-end  of  London,  who 
have  never  in  the  whole  course  of  their  lives  been 
as  far  west  as  Temple-bar,  who  know  nothing 
whatever  of  the  affairs  of  the  comitry,  and  who 
have  never  attended  a  place  of  worship.  As  an 
instance  of  the  extreme  ignorance  of  these  people, 
I  may  mention  that  I  was  furnished  by  one  of  the 
contractors  with  the  address  of  a  dustman  whom 
his  master  considered  to  be  one  of  the  most  in- 
telligent men  in  his  employ.  Being  desirous  of 
hearing  his  statement  from  his  own  lips  I  sent  for 
the  man,  and  after  some  conversation  with  him 
was  proceeding  to  note  down  what  he  said,  when 
the  moment  I  opened  my  note-book  and  took  the 
pencil  in  my  hand,  he  started  up,  exclaiming, — 
"  No,  no  !  I  '11   have   none  of  that  there  work — 

I  'ra  not  such  a  b fool  as  you  takes  me  to  be 

— I  doesn't  understand  it,  I  tells  you,  and  I  '11 
not  have  it,  now  that 's  plain;" — and  so  saying 
he  ran  out  of  the  room,  and  descended  the  entire 
flight  of  stairs  in  two  jumps.  I  followed  him  to 
explain,  but  unfortunately  the  pencil  was  still  in 
one  hand  and  the  book  in  the  other,  and  imme- 
diately I  made  my  appearance  at  the  door  he 
took  to  his  heels,  again  with  three  others  Avho 
seemed  to  be  waiting  for  him  there.  One  of  the 
most  difficult  points  in  my  labours  is  to  make  such 
men  as  these  comprehend  the  object  or  iise  of  my 
investigations. 

Among  20  men  whom  I  met  in  one  yard,  there 
were  only  five  who  could  read,  and  only  two  out 
of  that  five  could  write,  even  imperfectly.  These 
two  are  looked  up  to  by  their  companions  as  pro- 
digies of  learning  and  are  listened  to  as  oracles, 
on  all  occasions,  being  believed  to  understand 
every  subject  thoroughly.  It  need  hardly  be 
added,  however,  that  their  acquirements  are  of 
the  most  meagre  character. 

The  dustmen  are  very  partial  to  a  song,  and 
always  prefer  one  of  the  doggrel  street  ballads, 
with  what  they  call  a  "  jolly  chorus  "  in  which, 
during  their  festivities,  they  all  join  with  stento- 
rian voices.  At  the  conclusion  there  is  usually 
a  loud  stamping  of  feet  and  rattling  of  quart  pots 
on  the  table,  expressive  of  their  approbation. 

The  dustmen  never  frequent  the  twopenny 
hops,  but  sometimes  make  up  a  party  for  the 
"  theaytre."  They  generally  go  in  a  body  with 
their  wives,  if  married,  and  their  "  gals,"  if  single. 
They  are  always  to  be  found  in  the  gallery,  and 
greatly  enjoy  the  melodramas  performed  at  the  se- 
cond-class minor  theatres,  especially  if  there  be 
plenty  of  murdering  scenes  in  them.  The  Gar- 
rick,  previous  to  its  being  burnt,  was  a  favourite 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


177 


resort  of  the  East-end  dastmen.  Since  that  period 
they  have  patronized  the  Pavilion  and  the  City 
of  London. 

The  politics  of  the  dustmen  are  on  a  par  with 
their  literary  attainments — they  cannot  be  said 
to  have  any.  I  cannot  say  that  they  are 
Chartists,  for  they  have  no  very  clear  know- 
ledge of  what  "the  charter"  requires.  They 
certainly  have  a  confused  notion  that  it  is  some- 
thing against  the  Government,  and  that  the 
enactment  of  it  would  make  them  all  right ;  but 
as  to  the  nature  of  the  benefits  which  it  would 
confer  upon  them,  or  in  what  manner  it  would  be 
likely  to  operate  upon  their  interest,  they  have 
not,  as  a  body,  the  slightest  idea.  They  have 
a  deep-rooted  antipathy  to  the  police,  the  magis- 
trates, and  ail  connected  with  the  administration 
of  justice,  looking  upon  them  as  their  natural 
enemies.  They  associate  with  none  but  them- 
selves ;  and  in  the  public-houses  where  they 
resort  there  is  a  room  set  apart  for  the  special 
use  of  the  "  dusties,"  as  they  are  called,  where  no 
others  are  allowed  to  intrude,  except  introduced 
by  one  of  themselves,  or  at  the  special  desire  of 
the  majority  of  the  party,  and  on  such  occasions 
the  stranger  is  treated  with  great  respect  and 
consideration. 

As  to  tiie  morals  of  these  people,  it  may  easily 
be  supposed  that  they  are  not  of  an  over-strict 
character.  One  of  the  contractors  said  to  me, 
"  I  'd  just  trust  one  of  them  as  far  as  I  could 
fling  a  bull  by  the  tail;  hut  then,"  he  added, 
with  a  callousness  that  proved  the  laxity  of 
discipline  among  the  men  was  due  more  to  his 
neglect  of  his  duty  to  them  than  from  any 
•pecial  perversity  on  their  parts,  "that's 
none  of  my  business;  they  do  my  tcork,  and 
Hint's  all  I  tcant  with  them,  and  all  I  care 
about.  You  see  they're  not  like  other  people, 
they  're  reared  to  it.  Their  fathers  before  them 
were  dastmen,  and  when  lads  they  go  into  the 
yard  as  sifters,  and  when  tiiey  grow  up 
they  take  to  the  shovel,  and  go  out  with  the 
carts.  They  learn  all  they  know  in  the  dust- 
yards,  and  you  may  judge  from  that  what  their 
learning  is  likely  to  be.  If  they  find  anything 
among  the  dust  you  may  be  sure  that  neither 
you  nor  I  will  ever  hear  anything  about  it ; 
ignorant  as  they  are,  they  know  a  little  too  much 
for  that.  They  know,  as  well  as  here  and  there 
one,  where  the  dolly-shop  is  ;  hut,  as  I  said 
hefwe,  (hat '«  noTie  of  my  business.  Let  every  one 
look  out  for  themselves,  as  I  do,  and  then  they 
need  not  care  for  any  one."  [With  such  masters 
profewing  rach  principles — though  it  should  be 
itated  that  the  sentiments  expressed  on  this  occa- 
tion  are  but  similar  to  what  I  hear  from  the 
lower  class  of  traders  every  day — how  can  it  be 
expected  that  these  poor  fellows  can  be  above  tlie 
level  of  the  mere  beasts  of  burden  that  they 
use.]  **As  to  their  women,"  continued  the 
master,  ''  I  don't  trouble  my  head  about  such 
thing*.  I  believe  the  dustmen  are  as  good  to  them  as 
other  men ;  and  I  'm  sure  their  wives  would  be  as 
good  as  other  women,  if  they  only  had  the  chance 
of  the  best.     But  you  see  they  're  all  such  fellows 


for  drink  that  they  spend  most  of  their  money 
that  way,  and  then  starve  the  poor  women,  and 
knock  them  about  at  a  shocking  rate,  so  that 
they  have  the  life  of  dogs,  or  worse.  I  don't 
wonder  at  anything  they  do.  Yes,  they're 
all  married,  as  far  as  I  know ;  that  is,  they  live 
together  as  man  and  wife,  though  they're  not 
very  particular,  certainly,  about  the  ceremony. 
The  fact  is,  a  regular  dustman  don't  understand 
much  about  such  matters,  and,  I  believe,  don't 
care  much,  either." 

From  all  I  could  learn  on  this  subject,  it  would 
appear  that,  for  one  dustman  that  is  married,  20 
live  with  women,  but  remain  constant  to  them  ; 
indeed,  both  men  and  women  abide  faithfully  by 
each  other,  and  for  this  reason — the  woman  earns 
nearly  half  as  much  as  the  man.  If  the  men 
and  women  were  careful  and  prudent,  they  might, 
I  am  assured,  live  well  and  comfortable  ;  but  by  far 
the  greater  portion  of  the  earnings  of  both  go  to 
the  publican,  for  I  am  informed,  on  competent 
authority,  that  a  dustman  will  not  think  of  sitting 
down  for  a  spree  without  his  woman.  The  children, 
as  soon  as  they  are  able  to  go  into  the  yard,  help 
their  mothers  in  picking  out  the  rags,  bones,  &c., 
from  the  sieve,  and  in  putting  them  in  the  basket. 
They  are  never  sent  to  school,  and  as  soon  as  they 
are  sufficiently  strong  are  mostly  employed  in  some 
capacity  or  other  by  the  contractor,  and  in  due 
time  become  dustmen  themselves.  Some  of  the 
children,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  river,  are 
mud-larks,  and  others  are  bone-grubbers  and  rag- 
gatherers,  on  a  small  scale ;  neglected  and  thrown 
on  their  own  resources  at  an  early  age,  without 
any  but  the  most  depraved  to  guide  them,  it  is  no 
wonder  to  find  that  many  of  them  turn  thieves.  To 
this  state  of  the  case  there  are,  however,  some  few 
exceptions. 

Some  of  the  dustmen  are  prudent  well-behaved 
men  and  have  decent  homes  ;  many  of  this  class 
have  been  agricultural  labourers,  who  by  distress, 
or  from  some  other  cause,  have  found  their  way  to 
London.  This  was  the  case  with  one  whom  I 
talked  with:  he  had  been  a  labourer  in  Essex, 
employed  by  a  farmer  named  Izzod,  whom  he 
spoke  of  as  being  a  kind  good  man.  Mr.  Izzod 
had  a  large  farm  on  the  Earl  of  Mornington's 
estate,  and  after  he  had  sunk  his  capital  in  the 
improvement  of  the  land,  and  was  about  to 
reap  the  fruits  of  his  labour  and  his  money,  the 
farmer  was  ejected  at  a  moment's  notice,  beggared 
and  broken-hearted.  This  occurred  near  Roydon, 
in  Essex.  The  labourer,  finding  it  difficult  to  obtain 
work  in  the  country,  came  to  London,  and,  dis- 
covering a  cousin  of  his  engaged  in  adust-yard,  got 
employed  through  him  at  the  same  place,  where 
he  remains  to  the  present  day.  This  man  was 
well  clothed,  he  had  good  strong  lace  boots,  gray 
worsted  stockings,  a  stout  pair  of  corduroy  breeches, 
a  short  smockfrock  and  fantail.  He  has  kept 
himself  aloof,  I  am  told,  from  the  dninkenness  and 
dissipation  of  the  dustmen.  He  says  that  many 
of  the  new  hands  that  get  to  dustwork  are  me- 
chanics or  people  who  have  been  "better  off,"  and 
that  these  get  thinking  about  what  they  have  been, 
till  to  drown  their  care  they  take  to  drinking,  and 


178 


LOJVDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


often  become,  in  the  course  of  a  year  or  so,  worse 
than  the  "  old  hands  "  who  have  been  reared  to 
the  business  and  have  "  nothing  at  all  to  think 
about." 

Among  the  dustmen  there  is  no  "  Society  "  nor 
"  Benefit  Club,"  specially  devoted  to  the  class — 
no  provident  institution  whence  they  can  obtain 
"relief"  in  the  event  of  sickness  or  accident. 
The  consequence  is  that,  when  ill  or  injured,  they 
are  obliged  to  obtain  letters  of  admission  to  some 
of  the  hospitals,  and  there  remain  till  cured.  In 
cases  of  total  incapacity  for  labour,  their  inva- 
riable refuge  is  the  workhouse ;  indeed  they  look 
forward  (v/henever  they  foresee  at  all)  to  this 
asylum  as  their  resting-place  in  old  age,  with  the 
greatest  equanimity,  and  talk  of  it  as  "  the  house  " 
par  excellence,  or  as  "  the  big  house,"  "  the  great 
house,"  or  "the  old  house."  There  are,  however, 
scattered  about  in  every  part  of  London  numerous 
benefit  clubs  made  up  of  working-men  of  every 
description,  such  as  Old  Friends,  Odd  Fellows, 
Foresters,  and  Birmingham  societies,  and  with 
some  one  or  other  of  these  the  better  class  of 
dustmen  are  connected.  The  general  rule,  how- 
ever, is,  that  the  men  engaged  in  this  trade  be- 
long to  no  benefit  club  whatever,  and  that  in 
the  season  of  their  adversity  they  are  utterly 
unprovided  for,  and  consequently  become  burdens 
to  the  parishes  wherein  they  happen  to  reside. 

I  visited  a  large  dust-yard  at  the  east  end  of 
London,  for  the  purpose  of  getting  a  statement 
from  one  of  the  men.  My  informant  was,  at  the 
time  of  my  visit,  shovelling  the  sifted  soil  from 
one  of  the  lesser  heaps,  and,  by  a  great  effort  of 
strength  and  activity,  pitching  each  shovel-full  to 
the  top  of  a  lofty  mound,  somewhat  resembling  a 
pyramid.  Opposite  to  him  stood  a  little  woman, 
stoutly  made,  and  with  her  arms  bare  above  the 
elbow ;  she  was  his  partner  in  the  work,  and  was 
pitching  shovel-full  for  shovel-full  with  hi.m  to  the 
summit  of  the  heap.  She  wore  an  old  soiled 
cotton  gown,  open  in  front,  and  tucked  up  behind 
in  the  fashion  of  the  last  century.  She  had 
clouts  of  old  rags  tied  round  her  ancles  to  prevent 
the  dust  from  getting  into  her  shoes,  a  sort  of 
coarse  towel  fastened  in  front  for  an  apron,  and  a 
red  handkerchief  bound  tightly  round  her  head. 
In  this  trim  she  worked  away,  and  not  only  kept 
pace  with  the  man,  but  often  threw  two  shovels 
for  his  one,  although  he  was  a  tall,  powerful 
fellow.  She  smiled  when  she  saw  me  noticing 
her,  and  seemed  to  continue  her  work  with  greater 
assiduity.  I  learned  that  she  was  deaf,  and  spoke 
so  indistinctly  that  no  stranger  could  understand 
her.  She  had  also  a  defect  in  her  sight,  which 
latter  circumstance  had  compelled  her  to  abandon 
the  sifting,  as  she  could  not  well  distinguish  the 
various  articles  found  in  the  dust-heap.  The  poor 
creature  had  therefore  taken  to  the  shovel,  and  now 
works  with  it  every  day,  doing  the  labour  of  the 
strongest  men. 

From  the  man  above  referred  to  I  obtained  the 
following  statement: — "  Father  vos  a  dustie; — 
vos  at  it  all  his  life,  and  grandfather  afore  him  for 
I  can't  tell  how  long.  Father  vos  alius  a  rum  'un  ; 
— sich  a  beggar  for  lush.     Vhy  I  'm  blowed  if  he 


vouldn't  lush  as  much  as  half-a-dozen  on  'em  can 
lush  now;  somehow  the  dusties  hasn't  got  the 
stuff  in  'em  as  they  used  to  have.  A  few  year 
ago  tiie  fellers  'u'd  think  nothink  o'  lushin  avay 
for  five  or  six  days  without  niver  going  anigh  their 
home.  I  niver  vos  at  a  school  in  all  my  life ;  I 
don't  know  what  it's  good  for.  It  may  be  wery 
well  for  the  likes  o'  you,  but  I  doesn't  know  it 
'u'd  do  a  dustie  any  good.  You  see,  vcn  I'm 
not  out  wiih  the  cart,  I  digs  here  all  day;  and 
p'raps  I  'ra  up  all  night,  and  digs  avay  agen  the 
next  day.  Vot  does  I  care  for  reading,  or  any- 
think  of  that  there  kind,  ven  I  gets  home  arter 
my  vork  ]  I  tell  you  vot  I  likes,  though  !  vhy,  I  jist 
likes  two  or  three  pipes  o'  baccer,  and  a  pot  or  two 
of  good  heavy  and  a  song,  and  then  I  tumbles  in 
with  my  Sail,  and  I  'm  as  happy  as  here  and 
there  von.  That  there  Sail  of  mine  *s  a  stunner — 
a  riglar  stunner.  There  ain't  never  a  voman  can 
sift  a  heap  quickerer  nor  my  Sail.  Sometimes 
she  yarns  as  much  as  I  does ;  the  only  thing  is, 
she 's  sitch  a  beggar  for  lush,  that  there  Sail  of 
mine,  and  then  she  kicks  up  sitch  jolly  rows,  you 
niver  see  the  like  in  your  life.  That  there 's  the 
only  fault,  as  I  know  on,  in  Sail;  but,  barring 
that,  she  's  a  hout-and-houter,  and  worth  a  half-a- 
dozen  of  t'  other  sifters — pick  'em  out  vare  you 
likes.  No,  we  ain't  married  'zactly,  though  it 's  all 
one  for  all  that,  I  sticks  to  Sail,  and  Sail  sticks 
to  I,  and  there 's  an  end  on 't : — vot  is  it  to  any 
von  ]  I  rec'lects  a-picking  the  rags  and  things  out 
of  mother's  sieve,  when  I  were  a  young  'un,  and  a 
putting  'em  all  in  the  heap  jist  as  it  might  be 
there.  I  vos  alius  in  a  dust-yard.  I  don't  think 
I  could  do  no  how  in  no  other  place.  You  see  I 
vouldn't  be  'appy  like;  I  only  knows  how  to 
vork  at  the  dust  'cause  I'm  used  to  it,  and  so 
vos  father  afore  me,  and  I  '11  stick  to  it  as  long  as 
I  can.  I  yarns  about  half-a-buU  [2s.  6f?.]  a  day, 
take  one  day  with  another.  Sail  sometimes  yarns 
as  much,  and  ven  I  goes  out  at  night  I  yams  a 
bob  or  two  more,  and  so  I  gits  along  pretty  tidy; 
sometimes  yarnin  more  and  sometimes  yarnin  less. 
I  niver  vos  sick  as  I  knows  on ;  I  've  been 
queerish  of  a  morning  a  good  many  times,  but  I 
doesn't  call  that  sickness ;  it 's  only  the  lush  and 
nothink  more.  The  smells  nothink  at  all,  ven 
you  gits  used  to  it.  Lor'  bless  you  !  you  'd  think 
nothink  on  it  in  a  veek's  time, — no,  no  more  nor 
I  do.  There 's  tventy  on  us  vorks  here — riglar. 
I  don't  think  there 's  von  on  'em  'cept  Scratchey 
Jack  can  read,  but  he  can  do  it  stunning;  he's 
out  vith  the  cart  now,  but  he 's  the  chap  as  can 
patter  to  you  as  long  as  he  likes." 

Concerning  the  capital  and  income  of  the  Lon- 
don dust  business,  the  following  estimate  may  be 
given  as  to  the  amount  of  property  invested  in 
and  accruing  to  the  trade. 

It  has  been  computed  that  there  are  90  con- 
tractors, large  and  small ;  of  these  upwards  of  two- 
thirds,  or  ;ibout  35,  may  be  said  to  be  in  a  con- 
siderable way  of  business,  possessing  many  carta 
and  horses,  as  well  as  employing  a  large  body  of 
people ;  some  yards  have  as  many  as  150  hands 
connected  with  them.  The  remaining  65  masters 
are  composed  of  "  small  men,"  some  of  whom  are 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


179 


known  as  "rnnning  dustmen,"  that  is  to  say,  per- 
sons who  collect  the  dust  without  any  sanction 
from  the  parish  ;  but  the  number  belonging  to  tliis 
class  has  considerably  diminished  since  the  great 
deterioration  in  the  price  of  "  brieze."  Assuming, 
then,  that  the  great  and  little  master  dustmen 
employ  on  an  average  between  six  and  seven  carts 
each,  we  have  the  following  statement  as  to  the 

Capital  op  thk  London  Dust  Trade. 

'     600  Carts,  at  20/.  each      ...  £12,000 

600  Horses,  at  25/.  each    .     .     .  15,000 

600  Sets  of  harness,  at  21.  per  set.  1,200 

600  Ladders,  at  5s.  each    ...  150 

1200  Baskets,  at  2^.  each    ...  120 

1200  Shovels,  at  2*.  each     .    .     .  120 


Being  a  total  capital  of 


£28,590 


If,  therefore,  we  assert  that  the  capital  of  this 
trade  is  between  25,000/.  and  30,000/.  in  valm-, 
we  shall  not  be  far  wrong  either  vrny. 

Of  the  annual  income  of  the  same  trade,  it  is 
almost  impossible  to  arrive  at  any  positive  results ; 
but,  in  the  absence  of  all  authentic  information  on 
the  subject,  we  may  make  the  subjoined  conjec- 
ture. 

Income  op  the  London  Dcst  Thade. 

Sum  paid  to  contractors  for  the  re- 
moval of  diut  from  the  176  metropo- 
litan parishes,  at  200/.  each  parish    .       £35,200 

Sum  obtained  for  900,000  loads  of 
dust,  at  2*.  6d.  per  load  .         .        .        112,500 

£147,700 


Thu«  it  would  appear  that  the  total  income  of 
the  dust  trade  may  be  taken  at  between  145,000/. 
and  150,000/.  per  annum. 

Against  this  we  have  to  set  the  yearly  out- 
goings of  the  business,  which  may  be  rouglily 
estimated  as  follows  : — 

ExPEKDirUKE  or  THE   LOHDON   DCST   TrADE. 

Wages  of  1800  labourers,  at  lOs.  a 
week  each  (including  sifters  and  car- 
riers)     £46,800 

Keep  of  600  horses,  at  10^.  a  week 
each 15,600 

Wear  and  tear  of  stock  in  trade     .  4000 

Rent  for  90  yards,  at  100/.  a  year 
each  (large  and  small)      .        .        .  9000 

£75,400 


Tbe  above  estimates  give  us  the  following  ag- 
gregate results  : — 

Total  yearly  incomingt  of  tbe  Lon- 
don dust  trade         ....     £147,700 

Total  yearly  out-goings  75,400 

.  Total  yearly  profit     £72,300 


Hence  it  would  appear  that  the  profits  of  the 
dnst^ontractors  are  very  nearly  at  the  rate  of 
100/.  per  cent  on  their  expenditure.     I  do  not 


think  I  have  over  estimated  the  incomings,  or 
under  estimated  the  out-goings  ;  at  least  I  have 
striven  to  avoid  doing  so,  in  order  that  no  in- 
justice might  be  done  to  the  members  of  the 
trade. 

This  aggregate  profit,  when  divided  among  the 
90  contractors,  will  make  the  clear  gains  of  each 
master  dustman  amount  to  about  800/.  per  annum  : 
of  course  some  derive  considerably  more  than  this 
amount,  and  some  considerably  less. 

Op  the  London  Sewerage  and  Scavkngery. 
The  subject  I  have  now  to  treat— principally  as 
regards  street-labour,  but  generally  in  its  sanitary, 
social,  and  economical  bearings — may  really  be 
termed  vast.  It  is  of  the  cleansing  of  a  capital  city, 
with  its  thousjvnds  of  miles  of  streets  and  roads 
on  the  surface,  and  its  thousands  of  miles  of 
sewers  and  drains  under  the  surface  of  the  eartli. 
And  first  let  me  deal  with  the  subject  in  a  his- 
torical point  of  view. 

Public  scavengery  or  street-cleansing,  from  the 
earliest  periods  of  our  history,  since  nmnicipal 
authority  regulated  the  internal  economy  of  our 
cities,  has  been  an  object  of  some  attention.  In 
the  records  of  all  our  civic  corporations  may  be 
found  bye-laws,  or  some  equivalent  measure,  to 
enforce  the  cleansing  of  the  streets.  But  these 
regulations  were  little  enforced.  It  was  ordered 
thaf  the  streets  should  be  swept,  but  often  enough 
men  were  not  employed  by  the  authorities  to 
sweep  them ;  until  after  the  great  fire  of  London, 
and  in  many  parts  for  years  after  that,  the  trades- 
man's apprentice  swept  tlie  dirt  from  the  front  of 
his  master's  house,  and  left  it  in  the  street,  to  be 
removed  at  the  leisure  of  the  scavenger.  This 
was  in  the  streets  most  famous  for  the  wealth 
and  commercial  energy  of  the  inhabitants.  The 
streets  inhabited  by  the  poor,  until  about  the 
beginning  of  the  present  century,  were  rarely 
swept  at  all.  The  unevenness  of  the  pavement, 
the  accumulation  of  wet  and  mud  in  rainy 
weather,  the  want  of  foot-paths,  and  sometimes 
even  of  grates  and  kennels,  made  Cowper,  in  one 
of  his  letters,  describe  a  perambulation  of  some  of 
these  streets  as  "  going  by  water." 

Even  this  stite  of  things  was,  however,  an 
improvement.  In  the  accounts  of  the  London 
street-broils  and  fights,  from  the  reign  of  Henry 
III.,  more  especially  during  the  war  of  the 
Roseii,  down  to  the  civil  war  which  terminated 
in  the  beheading  of  Charles  I.,  mention  is  more 
or  less  made  of  the  combatants  having  availed 
themselves  of  the  shelter  of  the  rubbish  in  the 
streets.  These  mounds  of  rubbish  were  then 
kinds  of  street-barricades,  opposing  the  progress 
of  passengers,  like  the  piles  of  overturned  omni- 
buses and  other  vehicles  of  the  modern  French 
street-combatants.  There  is  no  doubt  that  in  the 
older  times  these  mounds  were  composed,  first, 
of  the  earth  dug  out  for  the  foundation  of  some 
building,  or  the  sinking  of  some  well,  or  (later 
on)  the  formation  of  some  drain  ;  for  these  works 
were  often  long  in  hand,  not  only  from  the  inter- 
ruptions of  civil  strife  and  from  want  of  funds, 
but  from  indifference,  owing  to  the  long  delay  in 


180 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


their  completion,  and  were  often  altogether  aban- 
doned. After  dusk  the  streets  of  the  capital  of 
England  could  not  be  traversed  without  lanterns 
or  torches.  This  was  the  case  until  the  last 
40  or  50  years  in  nearly  all  the  smaller  towns  of 
England,  but  there  the  darkness  was  the  prin- 
cipal obstacle ;  in  the  inferior  parts  of  "  Old 
London,"  however,  there  were  the  additional  in- 
conveniences of  broken  limbs  and  robbery. 

It  would  be  easy  to  adduce  instances  from  the 
olden  writers  in  proof  of  all  the  above  statements, 
but  it  seems  idle  to  cite  proofs  of  what  is  known 
to  all. 

The  care  of  the  streets,  however,  as  regards 
the  removal  of  the  dirt,  or,  as  the  weather  might 
be,  the  dust  and  mud,  seems  never  to  have  been 
much  of  a  national  consideration.  It  was  left  to 
the  corporations  and  the  parishes.  Each  of  these 
had  its  own  especial  arrangements  for  tlie  collec- 
tion and  removal  of  dirt  in  its  own  streets ;  and 
as  each  parochial  or  municipal  system  generally 
differed  in  some  respect  or  other,  taken  as  a 
whole,  there  was  no  one  general  mode  or  system 
adopted.  To  all  this  the  street-management  of 
our  own  days,  in  the  respect  of  scavengery,  and, 
as  I  shall  show,  of  sewerage,  presents  a  decided 
improvement.  This  improvement  in  street-ma- 
nagement is  not  attributable  to  any  public  agita- 
tion—to any  public,  and,  far  less,  national  mani- 
festation of  feeling.  It  was  debated  sometimes 
in  courts  of  Common  Council,  in  ward  and 
parochial  meetings,  but  the  public  generally  seem 
to  have  taken  no  express  interest  in  the  matter. 
The  improvement  seems  to  have  established  itself 
gradually  from  the  improved  tastes  and  habits  of 
the  people. 

Although  generally  left  to  the  local  powers,  the 
subject  of  street-cleansing  and  management,  how- 
ever, has  not  been  entirely  overlooked  by  Parlia- 
ment. Among  parliamentary  enactments  is  the 
measure  best  known  as  "Michael  Angelo  Taylor's 
Act,"  passed  early  in  the  present  century,  which 
requires  all  householders  every  morning  to  re- 
move from  the  front  of  their  premises  any  snow 
which  may  have  fallen  during  the  night,  &c.,  &.c.  ; 
the  late  Police  Acts  also  embrace  subordinately 
the  subject  of  street-management 

On  the  other  hand  the  sewers  have  long  been 
the  object  of  national  care.  "  The  daily  great 
damages  and  losses  which  have  happened  in  many 
and  divers  parts  of  this  realm"  (I  give  the  spirit 
of  the  preamble  of  several  Acts  of  Parliament), 
"  as  well  by  the  reason  of  the  outrageous  flow- 
ings,  surges,  and  course  of  the  river  in  and  upon 
the  marsh  grounds  and  other  low  places,  hereto- 
fore through  public  wisdom  won  and  made  pro- 
fitable for  the  great  commonwealth  of  this  realm, 
as  also  by  occasion  of  land  waters  and  other  out- 
rageous springs  in  and  upon  meadows,  pastures, 
and  other  low  grounds  adjoining  to  rivers,  floods, 
and  other  water-courses,"  caused  parliamentary 
attention  to  be  given  to  the  subject. 

Until  towards  the  latter  part  of  the  last  cen- 
tury, however,  the  streets  even  of  the  better  order 
were  often  flooded  during  heavy  and  continuous 
rains,  owing  to  the  sewers  and  drains  having 


been  choked,  so  that  the  sewage  forced  its  w^ny 
through  the  gratings  into  the  streets  and  yards, 
flooding  all  the  underground  apartments  and 
often  the  ground  floors  of  the  houses,  as  well  as 
the  public  thoroughfares  with  filth. 

It  is  not  many  months  since  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  so  modern  a  locality  as  Waterloo- 
bridge  was  flooded  in  this  manner,  and  boats  were 
used  in  the  Belvidere  and  York- roads.  On  the 
1st  of  August,  1846,  after  a  tremendous  storm  of 
thunder,  hail,  and  rain,  miles  of  the  capital  were 
literally  under  water ;  hundreds  of  publicans' 
beer-cellars  contained  far  more  water  than  beer, 
and  the  damage  done  was  enormous.  These  facts 
show  that  though  much  has  been  accomplished 
towards  the  efficient  sewerage  of  the  metropolis, 
much  remains  to  be  accomplished  still. 

The  first  statute  on  the  subject  of  the  public 
sewerage  was  as  early  as  the  9th  year  of  the 
reign  of  Henry  III.  There  were  enactments,  also, 
in  most  of  the  succeeding  reigns,  but  they  were 
all  partial  and  conflicting,  and  related  more  to 
local  desiderata  than  to  any  system  of  sewerage 
for  the  public  benefit,  until  the  reign  of  Henry 
VIII.,  when  the  "  Bill  of  Sewers "  was  passed 
(in  1631).  This  act  provided  for  a  more  general 
system  of  sewerage  in  the  cities  and  towns  of  the 
kingdom,  requiring  the  main  channels  to  be  of 
certain  depths  and  dimensions,  according  to  the 
localities,  situation,  &c.  In  many  parts  of  the 
country  the  sewerage  is  still  carried  on  according 
to  the  provisions  in  the  act  of  Henry  VIII.,  but 
those  provisions  were  modified,  altered,  or  "  ex- 
plained," by  many  subsequent  statutes. 

Any  uniformity  which  might  have  arisen  from 
the  observance  of  the  same  principles  of  sewerage 
was  effectually  checked  by  the  measures  adopted 
in  London,  more  especially  during  the  last  100 
years.  As  the  metropolis  increased  new  sewerage 
became  necessary,  and  new  local  bodies  were 
formed  for  its  management.  These  were  known 
as  the  Commissions  of  Sewers,  and  the  members 
of  those  bodies  acted  independently  one  of  another, 
under  the  authority  of  their  own  Acts  of  Parlia- 
ment, each  having  its  own  board,  engineers,  clerks, 
officers,  and  workmen.  Each  commission  was  con- 
fined to  its  own  district,  and  did  what  was  accounted 
best  for  its  own  district  with  little  regard  to  any 
general  plan  of  sewerage,  so  that  London  was,  and 
in  a'  great  measure  is,  sewered  upon  different 
principles,  as  to  the  size  of  the  sewers  and  drains, 
the  rates  of  inclination,  &c.  &c.  In  1847  there 
were  eight  of  these  districts  and  bodies :  the  City 
of  London,  the  Tower  Hamlets,  Saint  Katherine's, 
Poplar  and  Blackwall,  Holborn  and  Finsbury, 
Westminster  and  part  of  Middlesex,  Surrey  and 
Kent,  and  Greenwich.  In  1848  these  several 
bodies  were  concentrated  by  act  of  parliament, 
and  entitled  the  "  Metropolitan  Commission  of 
Sewers  ;"  but  the  City  of  London,  as  appears  to 
be  the  case  with  every  parliamentary  measure 
affecting  the  metropolis,  presents  an  exception,  as 
it  retains  a  separate  jurisdiction,  and  is  not  under 
the  control  of  the  general  commissioners,  to  whom 
parliament  has  given  authority  over  such  matters. 

The  management  of  the  metropolitan  scaven- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


181 


eery  and  sewerage,  therefore,  differs  in  this  respect. 
The  BOiTeogery  is  committed  to  the  care  of  the 
several  parishes,  each  making  its  own  contract  ; 
the  lewerage  is  consigned  by  Parliament  to  a 
body  of  commissioners.  In  both  instances,  how- 
ever, the  expenses  are  paid  out  of  local  rates. 

I  shall  now  proceed  to  treat  of  each  of  these 
subjects  separately,  beginning  witli  the  cleansing 
of  the  streets. 

Of  the  Streets  of  London. 
Therb  are  now  three  modes  of  pavement  in  the 
streets  of  the  metropolis. 

1.  Th«  ttont  pavement  (commonly  composed 
of  Aberdeen  granite). 

2.  The  macadamized  jiawmtnt,  or  rather  road. 

3.  The  wood  favem^nt. 

The  stone  pnvenent  has  generally,  in  the  several 
towns  of  England,  been  composed  of  whatever 
material  the  quarries  or  rocks  of  the  neighbour- 
hood supplied,  limestone  being  often  thus 
jised.  In  some  places,  where  there  were  no 
quarries  available,  the  stones  of  a  river  or  rivulet- 
eide  were  used,  but  these  were  rounded  and 
slippery,  and  often  formed  but  a  rugged  pathway. 
For  Loudon  pavement,  the  neighbourhood  not 
being  rich  in  stone  quarries,  granite  has  usually 
been  brought  by  water  from  Scotland,  and  a  small 
qnantity  from  (jruernsey  for  the  pavement  of  the 
streets.  The  stone  pavement  is  made  by  the 
placing  of  the  granite  stones,  hewn  and  shaped 
ready  for  the  purpose,  side  by  side,  with  a  foun- 
dation of  concrete.  The  concrete  now  used  for 
the  London  street-pavement  is  Tiiames  ballast, 
composed  of  shingles,  or  small  stones,  and  mixed 
with  iis^  9tc. 

MMBdMBization  was  not  introduced  into  the 
strettt  of  London  until  about  25  years  ago. 
Before  that,  it  had  been  carried  to  what  was 
accounted  a  great  degree  of  perfection  on  many  of 
the  principal  mail  and  coach  roads.  Some  50 
miles  on  the  Great  North  Road,  or  that  between 
London  and  Carlisle,  were  often  pointed  out  as  an 
admirable  specimen  of  road-makingon  Mac  Adam's 
principles.  This  road  was  well  known  in  the  old 
coaching  days  as  Leming-lane,  running  from 
Boroughbridge  to  Greta  Bridge,  in  Yorkshire. 

The  first  thoroughfare  in  London  which  was 
macadamized,  a  word  adapted  from  the  name  of 
Sir  W.  Mac  Adam,  the  originator  or  great  improver 
of  the  system,  was  St.  James' s-square  ;  after  that, 
some  of  the  smaller  streets  in  the  aristocratic 
pvisbe*  of  Su  James  and  St.  George  were 
thtM  paved,  and  then,  bat  not  without  great  oppo- 
•itioB,  PiecadiUy.  The  opposttioa  to  the  macadom- 
ixingof  the  Utter  thmroagh&re  assumed aMMtylmM. 
Independently  of  the  cooflictmg  etateaiente  a«  to 
eztcavagaaee  and  eeonomy,  it  was  urged  by  the 
oopeaeate,  that  the  daet  and  dirt  of  the  new  style 
of  paving  would  cause  the  street  to  be  deserted  by 
the  arietocracy--4hat  the  noiseleMaees  of  the  traffic 
wonld  eatue  the  deaths  of  the  de«f  and  inftrm— - 
that  the  aristocracy  promoted  this  new-fasffled 
ttieet^nalnng,  that  they  might  the  better  "  sleep 
o'  nights,"  ragardleM  of  aU  else.  One  wnter  eepe- 
cially  xegNlted  that  the  Duke  of  Qaeeaebetry, 


popularly  known  as  "Old  Q.,"  who  resided  at  the 
western  end  of  Piccadilly,  had  not  lived  to  enjoy, 
undisturbed  by  vulgar  noises,  his  bed  of  down, 
until  it  was  his  hour  to  rise  and  tiike  his  bath  of 
perfumed  milk  !  In  short,  there  was  all  the  fuss 
and  absurdity  which  so  often  ch<u*acterise  local 
contests. 

The  macadamized  street  is  made  by  a  layer 
of  stones,  broken  small  and  regular  in  size, 
and  spread  evenly  over  the  road,  so  that  the 
pressure  and  friction  of  the  traffic  will  knead, 
grind,  crush,  and  knit  them  into  one  compact 
surface.  Until  road-making  became  better 
understood,  or  until  the  early  part  of  the 
present  centur}',  the  roads  even  in  the  suburbs 
immediately  connected  with  London,  such 
as  Islington,  Kingsland,  Stoke  Newington,  and 
Hackney,  were  "  repaired  when  they  wanted  it." 
If  there  were  a  "  rut,"  or  a  hole,  it  was  filled  up  or 
covered  over  with  stones,  and  as  tlie  drivers  usually 
avoided  such  parts,  for  the  sake  of  their  horses' 
feet,  another  rut  was  speedily  formed  alongside  of 
the  original  one.  Under  the  old  system,  road-mend- 
ing was  patch-work  ;  defects  were  sought  to  be 
remedied,  but  there  was  little  or  no  knowledge  of 
constructing  or  of  reconstructing  the  surface  as  a 
whole. 

The  wood  pavement  came  last,  and  was  not 
established,  even  partially,  until  eleven  or  twelve 
years  ago.  One  of  the  earliest  places  so  paved  was 
the  Old  Bailey,  in  order  that  the  noise  of  the  street- 
traffic  might  be  deadened  in  the  Criminal  Courts. 
The  same  plan  was  adopted  alongside  some  of  the 
churches,  and  other  public  buildings,  where  ex- 
ternal quietude,  or,  at  any  rate,  diminished 
noise,  was  desired.  At  the  first,  there  were 
great  complaints  made,  and  frequent  expostulations 
addressed  to  the  editors  of  the  newspapers,  as  to  the 
slipperiness  of  the  wooden  ways.  The  wood 
pavement  is  formed  of  blocks  of  wood,  generally 
deal,  fitted  to  one  another  by  grooves,  by  joints, 
or  by  shape,  for  close  adjustment.  They  are 
placed  on  the  road  over  a  body  of  concrete,  in  the 
same  way  as  granite. 

"  In  constructing  roads,  or  rather  streets, 
through  towns  or  cities,  where  the  amount  of 
traffic  is  considerable,  it  will  be  found  desirable," 
says  Mr.  Law,  in  liis  '  Treatise  on  the  Con- 
structing and  Repairing  of  Roads,'  "  to  pave 
their  surface.  -The  advantages  belonging  to  pave- 
ments in  such  situations  over  macadamized  roads 
arc  considerable  ;  where  the  latter  are  exposed  to 
an  incessant  and  heavy  traffic,  their  surface  be- 
comes rapidly  worn,  rendering  constant  repairs 
requisite,  wUeh  are  not  only  attended  with  very 
hetivy  eaifniae,  hut  also  render  the  road  very 
tm^enfeant  for  being  travelled  upon  while  being 
done;  they  also  require  much  more  attention  in 
the  way  of  scraping  or  sweeping,  and  in  raking  in 
ruts.  And  some  difficulty  wonld  be  experienced 
in  towns  to  find  places  in  which  the  materials, 
which  would  be  constantly  wanted  for  repairing 
the  road,  could  be  deposited.  In  dry  weather  the 
macadamized  road  would  always  be  dusty,  and  in 
wet  weather  it  would  be  covered  with  mud.  The 
only  advantage  which  such  a  road  really  possesses 


No.  XZXVII. 


182 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


over  a  pavement  is  the  less  noise  produced  by- 
carriages  in  passing  over  it ;  but  this  advantnge  is 
ver\'  small  when  the  pavement  is  properly  laid," 

Concerning  wood  pavements  the  same  gentle- 
man says,  "  Of  late  years  wood  has  been  intro- 
duced as  a  material  for  paving  streets,  and  has 
been  rather  extensively  employed  both  in  Kussia 
and  America.  It  has  been  tried  in  various  parts 
of  London,  and  generally  with  small  success,  the 
cause  of  its  failure  being  identical  with  the  cause 
of  the  enormous  sums  being  spent  annually  in  the 
repairs  of  the  streets  generally,  namely,  the  want  of 
a  proper  foundation;  a  want  which  was  sooner 
felt  with  wood  than  with  granite,  in  consequence 
of  the  less  weight  and  inertia  of  the  wood.  The 
comfort  resulting  from  the  use  of  wooden  pave- 
ment, both  to  those  who  travelled,  and  those  who 
lived  in  the  streets,  from  the  diminished  jolting 
and  noise,  was  so  great,  that  it  is  just  matter  of 
surprise  that  so  little  care  was  taken  in  forming 
that  which  a  very  little  consideration  would  have 
shown  to  be  indispensable  to  its  success,  namely, 
a  good  foundation.  Slipperiness  of  its  surface,  in 
particular  states  of  the  weather,  was  also  found  to 
be  a  disadvantage  belonging  to  wooden  pavement ; 
but  means  might  be  devised  which  would  render 
its  surfiice  at  all  times  safe,  and  afford  a  secure 
footing  for  horses.  As  regards  durability,  it  has 
scarcely  been  used  for  a  sufficient  period  to  allow 
a  comparison  being  made  with  other  materials, 
but  from  the  result  of  some  observations  com- 
municated by  Mr.  Hope  to  the  Scottish  Society  of 
Arts,  it  appears  that  wooden  blocks  when  placed 
with  the  end  of  the  grain  exposed,  wear  lets  tlian 
granite.  At  first  sight,  this  result  might  appear 
questionable,  but  it  is  a  well-ascertained  fact  that, 
where  wood  and  iron  move  in  contact  in 
machinery,  the  iron  generally  wears  more  rapidly 
than  the  wood,  the  reason  appearing  to  be,  that 
the  surface  of  the  wood  soon  becomes  covered 
with  particles  of  dust  and  grit,  which  become 
partially  embedded  in  it,  and,  while  they  serve  to 
protect  the  wood,  convert  its  surface  into  a  species 
of  file,  which  rapidly  wears  away  whatever  it  rubs 
against" 

Such  then  are  the  different  modes  of  construct- 
ing the  London  roads  or  streets.  I  shall  now 
endeavour  to  show  the  relative  length,  and  relative 
cost  of  the  streets  thus  severally  prepared  for  the 
commercial,  professional,  and  pleasurable  transit  of 
the  metropolis. 

The  comparative  extent  of  the  macadamized,  of 
the  stone,  and  of  the  wood  pavement  of  the  streets 
of  the  metropolis  has  not  as  yet  been  ascertained, 
for  no  general  account  has  appeared  condensing 
the  reports,  returns,  accounts,  &c.,  of  the  several 
specific  bodies  of  management  into  one  grand  total. 

It  is,  however,  possible  to  arrive  at  an  approxi- 
mation as  to  the  comparative  extent  I  have  spoken 
of ;  and  in  this  attempt  at  approximation,  in  the 
absence  of  all  means  of  a  definite  statistical  com- 
putation, I  have  had  the  assistance  of  an  expe- 
rienced and  practical  surveyor,  familiar  with  the 
subject. 

Macadamization  prevails  beyond  the  following 
boundaries : — 


North  of  the  New-road  and  of  its  extension,  as 
the  City-road,  and  westward  of  the  New-road's 
junction  with  Lisson-grove. 

Westward  of  Park-lane  and  of  the  West-end 
parks. 

Eastward  of  Brick-lane  (Spitalfields)  and  of  the 
Whitechapel  High-street. 

Southward  (on  the  Surrey  side)  from  the  New- 
cut  and  Long-lane,  Bermondsey,  and  both  in 
the  eastern  and  western  direction  of  Southwark, 
Lambeth,  and  the  other  southern  parishes. 

Stone  pavement,  on  the  other  hand,  prevails  in 
the  district  which  may  be  said  to  be  within  this 
boundary,  bearing  down  upon  the  Thames  in  all 
directions. 

It  is,  doubtlessly,  the  fact  that  in  both  the  dis- 
tricts thus  indicated  exceptions  to  the  general  rule 
may  prevail — that  in  one,  for  instance,  there 
may  be  some  miles  of  macadamized  way,  and  in 
the  other  some  miles  of  granite  pavements  ;  but 
such  exceptions,  I  am  told  by  a  Commissioner 
of  Paving,  may  fairly  be  dismissed  as  balancing 
each  other. 

The  wooden  pavement,  I  am  informed  on  the 
same  authority,  does  not  now  comprise  five  miles 
of  the  London  thoroughfares ;  little  notice,  there- 
fore, need  be  taken  of  it. 

The  miles  of  streets  in  the  City  in  which  stone 
only  affords  the  street  medium  of  locomotion  are 
50.  The  stone  pavement  in  the  localities  outside 
of  this  area  are  six  times,  or  approaching  to  seven 
times,  the  extent  of  that  in  the  City.  I  have  no 
actual  admeasurement  to  demonstrate  this  point, 
for  none  exists,  and  no  private  individual  can 
offer  to  measure  hundreds  of  miles  of  streets  in 
order  to  ascertain  the  composition  of  their  sur- 
face. But  the  calculation  has  been  made  for  me 
by  a  gentleman  thoroughly  conversant  with  the 
subject,  and  well  acquainted  with  the  general 
relative  proportion  of  the  defined  districts, 
parishes,  and  boroughs  of  the  metropolis. 

We  have  thus  the  following  result,  as  regards 
the  inner  police  district,  or  Metropolis  Proper  : — 

Miles. 

Granite  paved  streets 400 

Macadamized  ditto  (or  roads)     .     ,     .  1350 

Wood  ditto 5 

Total  .  .  .1755 
This  may  appear  a  disproportionate  estimate, 
but  when  it  is  remembered  that  the  inner  police 
district  of  the  metropolis  extends  as  far  as  Hamp- 
stead.  Tooting,  Brentford,  and  Greenwich,  it  will 
be  readily  perceived  that  the  relative  proportions 
of  the  macadamized  and  paved  roads  are  much 
about  the  same  as  is  here  stated. 

As  to  the  cost  of  these  several  roads,  I  will, 
before  entering  upon  that  part  of  the  subject, 
state  the  prices  of  the  different  materials  used  in 
their  manufacture. 

Aberdeen  granite  is  now  \l.  5s.  per  ton,  de- 
livered, and  prepared  for  paving,  or,  as  it  is  often 
called,  "  pitching."  A  ton  of  "  seven  inch " 
granite,  that  is,  granite  sunk  seven  inches  in  the 
ground,  will  cover  from  two  and  three-quarters  to 
three  square  yards,  superficial  measure,  or  nine 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDON  POOR, 


183 


feet  per  yard.  The  cost,  labour  included,  is, 
therefore,  from  9*.  to  12*.  the  square  yard.  This 
appears  very  costly ;  but  in  some  of  the  more 
quiet  streets,  such  as  those  in  the  immediate 
neighbourhood  of  Golden  and  Fitzroy-squares,  a 
good  granite  pavement  will  endure  for  20  years, 
requiring  little  repair.  In  other  streets,  such  as 
Cheapside,  for  instance,  it  lasts  from  three  to  four 
years,  without  repavement  being  necessary,  sup- 
posing the  best  construction  has  been  originally 
adopted. 

For  macadamized  streets,  where  there  is  a  traffic 
like  that  of  Tottenham  Court-road,  three  layers  of 
small  broken  granite  a  year  are  necessary ;  the 
cost  of  this  repavement  being  about  25.  ^d.  a 
yard  superficial  measure.  The  repairs  and  re- 
kyings  on  macadamized  roads  of  regular  traffic 
range  from  As.  to  6j.  Qd.  yearly,  the  square  yard. 

Tiie  wood  pavement,  which  endures,  with  a 
trifling  outlay  for  repairs,  for  about  three  years, 
costs,  on  an  average,  \\s.  the  square  yard. 

The  concrete  used  as  a  foundation  in  this 
street-construction  costs  45.  Qd.  a  cube  yard,  or 
27  feet,  by  which  admeasurement  it  is  always 
calculated.  A  cube  yard  of  Thames  ballast  weighs 
about  li  ton. 

Tiie  average  cost  of  street-building,  new,  taking 
an  average  breadth,  or  about  ten  yards,  from  foot- 
path to  footpath,  is  then — 


Granite  built 
Macadamized 
Wood     .     . 


Per  MUe. 
f.    8.    d. 
96     0     0 
44     0     0 
83     0     0 


Or,  as  a  total, 

400  miles  of  granite  paved  streets 
at  £96  per  mUe      ....  33,400     0    0 
I         1350  macadamized    ditto,    at 

I  £44  per  mile 59,400     0     0 

j         5  wood  ditto,  at  £88  per  mile  .       440     0    0 
i 


I  98,240     0     0 

'         This,  then  (about  £100,000),  is  the  original 
'     cost  of  the  roads  of  the  metropolis. 
\         The  cost  of  repairs,  &c.,  annually,  is  shown  by 
the  amount  of  the  paving  rate,  which  may  be 
taken  a«  an  average. 

£       8.    d. 
400  miles  of  granite,  at  20».  per 

mile 400    0     0 

13j0     macadamised    ditto,     at 

£13  it.  per  mile       .     .     .      17,820     0     0 
5  wood*  ditto,  at  20*.  per  mile  5     0     0 


Total 


.  18,225     0     0 
According  to  a  "  General  Survey  of  the  Metro- 
politan Highways,"  by  Mr.  Thomas  Hughes,  the 
principal  roads  leading  out  of  London  are  : — 

1.  The  Cambridge  Road,  from  Shoreditch 
through  Kiogsland. 

•  ThU  reUtc*  merely  to  the  repmlrs  to  the  wooden 
pA\nnrat,  bat  If  a  renewal  of  the  blocks  be  neceuary, 
then  ihr  coat aMRMche*  that  of  a  new  road;  and  a  re- 
nrwal  U  cootUtnd  neccMary  about  ouce  in  three  years. 


2.  The  Epping  and  Clidmsford  Roads,  from 
Whitechapel,  through  Bow  and  Stratford. 

3.  The  Barking  Road,  along  the  Commercial 
Eoad  past  Limehouse. 

4.  The  Dover  Road,  from  the  Elephant  and 
Castle,  across  Blackheath. 

5.  The  Brighton  Roads,  (a)  through  Croydon, 
(b)  through  Sutton. 

6.  The  Guildford  Road,  along  the  "Westminster 
Road  through  Battersea  and  Wandsworth. 

7.  T/ie  Staines,  or  Great  Western  Road,  from 
Knightsbridge  through  Brentford. 

8.  The  Amersham  and  Aylesbury  Road,  along 
the  Harrow  Road,  and  through  Harrow-on-the- 
Hill. 

9.  The  St.  Alban's  Road,  along  the  Edge  ware 
Road  through  Elstree. 

10.  The  Oxford  Road,  from  Bays  water  through 
Ealing. 

11.  The  Great      \ 

Holyhead  Road.       f    From    Islington,    by  and 

12.  The  Great      I        through  Barnet. 
North  Road.  ) 

As  to  the  amount  of  resistance  to  traction 
offered  by  different  kinds  of  pavement,  or  the  same 
pavement  under  different  circumst.inces,  the  follow- 
ing are  the  general  results  of  the  experiments 
made  by  M.  Morin,  at  the  expense  of  the  French 
Government : — 

Ist.  The  traction  is  directly  proportional  to  the 
load,  and  inversely  proportional  to  the  diameter  of 
the  wheel. 

2nd.  Upon  a  paved,  or  hard  macadamized  road, 
the  resistance  is  independent  of  the  width  of  the 
tire,  when  it  exceeds  from  three  to  four  inches. 

3rd.  At  a  walking  pace  the  traction  is  the  same, 
under  the  same  circumstances,  for  carriages  with 
springs  and  without  them. 

4th.  Upon  hard  macadamized,  and  upon  paved 
roads,  the  traction  increases  with  the  velocity :  the 
increments  of  traction  being  directly  proportional 
to  the  increments  of  velocity  above  the  velocity 
3*28  feet  per  second,  or  about  2J  miles  per  hour. 
The  equal  increment  of  traction  thus  due  to  each 
equal  increment  of  velocity  is  less  as  the  road  is 
more  smooth,  and  the  carriage  less  rigid  or  better 
hung. 

6th.  Upon  soft  roads  of  earth,  or  sand,  or  turf, 
or  roads  fresh  and  thickly  gravelled,  the  traction  is 
independent  of  the  velocity. 

6th.  Upon  a  well-made  and  compact  pavement 
of  hewn  stones,  the  traction  at  a  walking  pace  is 
not  more  than  three-fourths  of  that  upon  the  best 
macadamized  roads  under  similar  circumstances; 
at  a  trotting  pace  it  is  equal  to  it. 

7th.  The  destruction  of  the  road  is  in  all  cases 
greater,  as  the  diameters  of  the  wheels  are  less, 
and  it  is  greater  in  carriages  without  than  with 
springs. 

In  Sir  H.  Parnell's  book  on  roads,  p.  73,  we  are 
told  that  Sir  John  Macneill,  by  means  of  an  in- 
strument invented  by  himself  for  measuring  the 
tractive  force  required  on  dilferent  kinds  of  road, 
obtained  the  following  general  results  as  to  the 
power  requisite  to  move  a  ton  weight  under  ordi- 
nary circumstances,  at  a  very  low  Telocity. 


184 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Description  of  Road. 


On  a  well-made  pavement      .     .     . 

On  a  road  made  with  six  inches  of 
broken  stone  of  gn^at  hardness, 
laid  either  on  a  foundation  of  large 
stones,  set  in  the  form  of  a  pave- 
ment, or  upon  a  bottoming  of  con- 
crete       

On  an  old  flint  road,  or  a  road  made 
with  a  thick  coating  of  broken 
stone,  laid  on  earth 

On  a  road  made  with  a  thick  coating 
of  gravel,  laid  on  earth       ,     .     . 


Force,  In 
pounds,  re- 
quired to 
move  a  ton. 


83 


46 


65 
147 


In  the  same  Avork  the  relative  degrees  of  resist- 
ance to  traction  on  the  several  kinds  of  roads  are 
thus  expressed  : — 

On  a  timber  surface 2 

On  a  paved  road 2 

On  a  well-made  broken  stone  road,  in  a 

dry  clean  state 5 

On    a   well-made    broken   stone    road, 

covered  with  dust 8 

On  a  well-made  broken  stone  road,  wet 

and  muddy 10 

On   a  gravel  or  flint    road,  in    a   dry 

clean  state 13 

On   a   gravel    or  flint  road,  in    a    wet 

muddy  state 32 

Or  THE  Traffic  of  London. 

I  HAVE  shown  (at  p.  159,  vol.  ii.)  that  the  num- 
ber of  miles  of  streets  included  in  the  Inner  Dis- 
trict of  the  Metropolitan  Police  is  1750. 

Mr.  Peter  Cunningham,  in  his  excellent  "Hand- 
book of  Modern  London,"  tells  us  that  "the 
streets  of  the  Metropolis,  if  put  together,  would 
measure  3000  miles  in  length  ;"  but  he  does  not 
inform  us  what  limits  he  assigns  to  the  said 
metropolis ;  it  would  seem,  however,  that  he 
refers  to  the  Outer  Police  District :  and  in  an- 
other place  he  cites  the  following  as  the  extent  of 
some  of  the  principal  thoroughfares  : — 
New-road  .  .  5115  yds.  long,  or  nearly  3  miles. 
Oxford-street  .     2304         „  „        1^  „ 

Regent- street  .1730         „  „        1     ,, 

Piccadilly  .  .  1690  „ 
City -road  .  .  1690  „ 
Strand  .     .     .     1396         „ 

Of  the  two  great  lines  of  streets  parallel  to  the 
river,  the  one  extending  along  Oxford-street,  Hol- 
bom,  Cheapside,  Comhill,  and  Whitechapel  to  the 
Regent's-canal,  Mile-end,  is,  says  Mr.  McCulloch, 
"above  six  miles  in  length;"  while  that  which 
stretches  from  Knightsbridge  along  Piccadilly,  the 
Haymarket,  Pall-mall  East,  the  Strand,  Fleet- 
street,  Watling-street,  Eastcheap,  Tower-street, 
and  so  on  by  Ratcliflfe-highway  to  the  West  India 
Docks,  is,  according  to  the  same  authority,  about 
equal  in  length  to  the  other.  Mr.  Weale  asserts, 
as  we  have  already  seen,  that  the  greatest  length 
of  street  from  east  to  west  is  about  fourteen  miles, 


and  from  north  to  south  about  thirteen  miles.  The 
number  of  streets  in  London  is  snid  to  be  1 0,000, 
though  upon  what  authority  the  statement  is 
made,  and  within  what  compass  it  is  meant  to  be 
applied,  I  have  not  been  able  to  ascertain.  It  is 
calculated,  however,  that  there  are  1900  miles  of 
gas  "mains"  laid  down  in  London  and  the 
suburbs ;  so  that  adopting  the  estimate  of  the 
Commissioners  of  Police,  or  1760  miles  of  streets, 
within  an  area  of  about  90  square  miles,  we  can- 
not go  far  wrong. 

Now,  as  to  the  amount  of  traffic  that  takes 
place  daily  over  this  vast  extent  of  paved  road,  it 
is  almost  impossible  to  predicate  anything  defi- 
nitely. As  yet  there  are  only  a  few  crude  facts 
existing  in  connection  with  the  subject.  All  we 
know  is,  that  the  London  streets  are  daily  tra- 
versed by  1500  omnibuses— such  Avas  the  number 
of  drivers  licensed  by  the  Metropolitan  Com- 
missioners in  1850 — and  about  3000  cabs— the 
number  of  drivers  licensed  in  1850  was  5000, 
but  many  "cabs"  have  a  day  and  night  driver  as 
well,  and  the  Return  from  the  Stamp  and  Tax 
Oflice  cited  below,  represents  the  number  of 
licensed  cabriolets,  in  1849,  at  2846  :  besides 
these  public  conveyances,  there  are  the  private  car- 
riages and  carts,  so  that  the  metropolitan  vehicles 
may  be  said  to  employ  altogether  upwards  of 
20,000  horses. 

In  the  Morning  Chronicle  I  said,  when  treat- 
ing of  the  London  omnibus-drivers  and  conductors  : 
— "  The  average  journey,  as  regards  the  distance 
travelled  by  each  omnibus,  is  six  miles,  and 
that  distance  is,  in  some  cases,  travelled  twelve 
times  a  day,  or  as  it  is  called,  'six  there  and 
six  back.'  Some  omnibuses  perl^orm  the  journey 
only  ten  times  a  day,  and  some,  but  a  minority, 
a  less  number  of  times.  Now,  takintr  t!ie 
average  distance  travelled  by  each  omnibus  at 
between  45  and  50  miles  a  day — and  this,  I  am 
assured,  on  the  best  authority,  is  within  the  mark, 
while  60  miles  a  day  might  exceed  it — and  com- 
puting the  omnibuses  running  daily  at  1500,  we 
find  *a  travel,'  as  it  was  worded  to  me,  of  up- 
Avards  of  70,000  miles  daily,  or  a  yearly  'travel' 
of  more  than  25.000,000  miles ;  an  extent 
Avhich  is  upwards  of  a  thousand  times  more  than 
the  circumference  of  the  earth ;  and  that  this  esti- 
mate in  no  way  exceeds  the  truth  is  proved  by 
the  sum  annually  paid  to  the  Excise  for  'mileage,' 
which  amounts  on  an  average  to  9^.  each  *  bus ' 
per  month,  or  collectively  to  162,000/.  per  annum, 
and  this,  at  14<:^.  per  mile  (the  rate  of  duty 
charged),  gives  25,920,000  miles  as  the  aggregate 
distance  travelled  by  the  entire  number  of  omni- 
buses every  year  through  the  London  streets." 

The  distance  travelled  by  the  London  cabs  may 
be  estimated  as  follows  : — Each  driver  may  be 
said  to  receive  on  an  average  10^.  a  day  all  the 
year  through.  Now,  the  number  of  licences  prove 
that  there  are  5000  cab  drivers  in  London,  and  as 
each  of  these  must  travel  at  the  least  ten  miles  in 
order  to  obtain  the  daily  lO.t.,  we  may  safely 
assert  that  the  whole  5000  go  over  50,000 
miles  of  ground  a  <3ay,  or,  in  round  numbers, 
18,250,000  miles  in  the  course  of  the  year. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


185 


According  to  a  return  obtained  by  Mr.  Charles 
Cochrane  from  the  Stamp  and  Tax  Office,  Somerset 
Honse,  there  were  in  the  metropolis,  in  1849-50, 
the  following  number  of  horses  : — 

Private  carriage,  job,  and  cart  horses  (in 

London) 3,633 

Ditto    ...  (in  "Westminster)     6,339 

Cabriolets    licensed    2Si€    (baring     two 

horses  each) 6,692 

Omnibuses   licensed    1350    (four   horses 

each) 5,500 


Total  number  of  bones  in  the  metropolis    21,214 

I  am  assured,  by  persons  well  acquainted  with 
the  omnibus  trade,  that  the  number  of  omnibus 
hones  here  cited  is  far  too  low — as  many  proprie- 
tors employ  ten  horses  to  each  "  bus,"  and  none 
less  than  six.  Hence  we  may  fairly  assume  that 
there  are  at  the  least  25,000  horses  at  work  every 
day  in  the  streets  of  London,  Besides  the  horses 
above  mentioned,  it  is  estimated  that  the  number 
daily  coming  to  the  metropolis  from  the  surround- 
ing parts  is  3000  ;  and  calculating  that  each  of  the 
25,000,  which  may  be  said  to  be  at  work  out  of 
the  entire  number,  travels  eight  miles  a  day,  the 
aggregate  length  of  ground  gone  over  by  the  whole 
would  amount  to  200,000  miles  per  diem,  or 
about  70,000,000  miles  throughout  the  year. 
There  are,  as  we  have  seen,  upwards  of  1750 
miles  of  streets  in  London.  It  follows,  therefore, 
thai  each  piece  of  pavement  would  be  traversed 
no  less  than  40,000  limes  per  annum,  or  upwards 
of  a  hundred  times  a  day,  by  some  horse  or 
yehicle. 

As  I  baid  before,  the  facts  that  have  been  col- 
lected concerning  the  absolute  traffic  of  the  seve- 
ral parts  of  London  are  of  the  most  meagre  des- 
cription. The  only  observations  of  any  character 
that  have  been  made  upon  the  subject  are — as 
hx  as  my  knowledge  goes — those  of  M.  D'Arcey, 
which  are  contained  iu  a  French  report  upon  the 
roads  of  London,  as  compared  with  those  of 
I     Paris, 

I  This  gentleman,  speaking  of  the  relative  number 
I  of  Tehicles  passing  and  repassing  over  certain  parts 
of  the  two  capitals,  says  :— "  The  Boulevards  of 
Paris  are  the  parts  where  the  greatest  traffic  takes 
]dace.  On  the  Boulevard  det  Vajjucim  there  pass, 
OTOry  24  boon,  i*070  horses  drawing  carriages ; 
on  the  Boulevard  det  ItalUnt,  10,750  ;  Boulevard 
Fomoniire,  7720 ;  BonUvard  St.  Denis,  9609 ; 
Boulevard  dee  FUUt  du  Calvaire,  5856  :  general 
vrenge  of  the  abore,  8600.  Rue  du  Faubourg 
St.  AntoiiUt  4300;  Avenue  det  Champs  Elyiies, 
8959.  At  London,  in  Pall  Mall,  opposite  Her 
Jl^eftty's  Theatre,  there  pass  at  least  800  car- 
riages every  hour.  On  London-bridge  the  number 
of  vehicles  pasting  and  repassing  is  not  less  than 
18,000  eTery  hour.  On  Westminster  bridge  the 
annual  tniffic  amounU  to  8,000,000  horses  at  the 
least.  By  this  it  will  be  seen  that  the  trafiic  in 
Paris  does  not  amount  to  one  half  of  what  i(  is  in 
tbo  streets  of  London." 


Of  the  Dust  akd  Dikt  op  the  Streets 
OF  London. 

We  have  merely  to  reflect  upon  the  vast  amount 
of  traffic  just  shown  to  be  daily  going  on  through- 
out London -to  think  of  the' 70,000,000  miles 
of  journey  through  the  metropolis  annually  per- 
formed by  the  entire  vehicles  (which  is  more 
than  two-thirds  the  distance  from  the  earth  to 
the  sun) — to  bear  in  mind  tliat  each  part  of  Lou- 
don is  on  the  average  gone  over  and  over  again 
40,000  times  in  the  course  of  the  year,  and  some 
parts  as  many  as  13,000  times  in  a  day — and 
that  every  horse  and  vehicle  by  which  the  streets 
are  traversed  are  furnished,  the  one  with  four 
iron-bound  hoofs,  and  the  other  with  iron-bound 
wheels — to  have  an  imperfect  idea  of  the  enor- 
mous weights  and  friction  continually  operating 
upon  the  surface  of  the  streets — as  well  as  the 
amount  of  grinding  and  pulverising,  and  wear 
and  tear,  that  must  be  perpetually  taking  place  in 
the  paving-stones  and  macadamized  roads  of  Lon- 
don ;  and  thus  we  may  be  able  to  form  some  men- 
tal estimate  as  to  the  quantity  of  dust  and  dirt 
annually  produced  by  these  means  alone. 

But  the  table  in  pp.  186-7,  which  has  been  col- 
lected at  great  trouble,  will  give  us  still  more  accu- 
rate notions  on  the  subject.  It  is  not  given  as  per- 
fect, but  as  being  the  best  information,  in  the  ab- 
sence of  positive  returns,  that  was  procurable  even 
from  the  best  informed. 

Here,  then,  we  liav<?  an  aggregate  total  of  dust 
collected  from  the  pnncij^al  parts  of  the  metro- 
polis amounting  to  no  less  than  141,460  loads. 
'Ihe  value  of  this  refuse  is  said  to  be  as  much  as 
21,22 W.  85.,  but  of  this  and  more  I  shall  speak 
hereafter.  At  present  I  merely  seek  to  give  the 
reader  a  general  notion  upon  the  matter.  I  wish 
to  show  him,  before  treating  of  the  labourers  en- 
gaged in  the  scavenging  of  the  London  streets, 
tlie  amount  of  work  they  have  to  do. 

Of  the  Street-Dust  of  London,  and  the 
Lobs  and  Injurt  occasioned  by  it. 

The  daily  and  nightly  grinding  of  thou- 
sands of  wheels,  the  iron  friction  of  so  many 
horses'  hoofs,  the  evacuations  of  horses  and  cattle, 
and  the  ceaseless  motion  of  pedestrians,  all  de- 
composing the  substance  of  our  streets  and  roads, 
give  rise  to  many  distinct  kinds  of  street-dirt. 
These  are  severally  known  as 

(1)  Dust. 

(2)  Ilorse-dung  and  cattle-manure. 

(3)  ^fud,  when  mixed  with  water  and  with 
geneial  refuse,  such  as  the  remains  of  fruit  and 
other  things  thrown  into  the  street  and  swept 
together. 

(4)  Surface-unter  when  mixed  with  street- 
sewage. 

These  productions  I  shall  treat  severally,  and 
first  of  the  street-dust. 

The  *' detritus"  of  the  streeU  of  London 
assumes  many  forms,  and  is  known  by  many 
names,  according  as  it  is  combined  with  more  or 
lest  water. 


186 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


i 

X 

W 

EH 

P 

EH 

< 

^ 

rn 

p 

H? 

PI 

a 

< 

Q 

H 

-»1 

< 

5Zi 

P4 

a 

EH 

O 

EH 

w 

^ 

w 

C5 

hJ 

EH 

i-l 

*-* 

8 

^ 

-«1 

is; 

rt 

o 

H-t 

W 

DQ 

» 

w 

Ch 

w 

w 

3 

K 

fH 

Ce] 

H 

s 

^ 

s 

g 

« 

M 

^ 

1 

p 
^ 

-Si 

< 

-< 

p^ 

O 

»^ 

>2 

O 

Q 

p^ 

^ 

ft 

DQ 

-^ 

2 

O 
PA 

DQ 
EH 

P4 

W 

o 

i==i 

^ 

r^ 

W 

w 

m 

p^ 

F^ 

H 

^ 

w 

p 

EH 

fi« 

Iz; 

O 

5z; 

P^ 

t— • 

;z; 

&H 

>^ 

o 

^ 

r/7 

r/> 

< 

t— 1 
> 

O 

« 

s 

«i1 

P4 

8 

o 

o 

» 

ft 

EH 

p 

&H 

rr* 

s     . 

d3 

o 

;z: 

02 

^    2 

o 

^^ 

W 

Ig 

i-:i 

W 

P^         PC4 

<3 

EH 

o    o 

E-i 

<5 


u,  Ss  5  a)  (u 


2? 
II 


o'3  SJ 


EC  >J 


-I 


^1 


.^joooocoococoooscocooo©©©©©©©©©©©©©© 


iiiiiis5ii&ii§i2iiii§iiiiiiiiiiiiii 


1^  F^  «  F-l  l-(  ^  »|  ! 


MS  « •«  t^oi  ©  ©  «o  w  t^2  ©  tc  t>.e©  «)  rf  •*  •*  t 


l«5««««COWP5«««f5  t>.^ 


W*  «  MS  1-1  eo  09  •^  >~  "5  00  •«1<  •^  >0  ©  >fl  <N  «  «  ■"f  t^«  • 


I  O^p-ceq  !-(««•«*  r-ifNOioioq  Cl(?^- 


«o  >0'*'<i"'aj>.t>.©( 


.g2j^n.©«5orr^,r 


>«>fl«»l(N(NO<0^(N»J<N50©t^ 


)W«<N«»ft>r>©<NiM©e5n(N'«*'©n( 


l«-*(M<NOlC 


le^o^sc'^'O 


E  c 


??so 


9  <u 


3 


=  sa 


?^l^s. 


si 


d 

OS  o: 

•a  tt^" 
^•.Sc" 

3    3    1-. 


1  :i 

'•O  o^  aj 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


187 


...    .^^ 


ce«««ae<«e^«cxc©n©«©ioo  —  «toos««o«os5©«aus-*»3  =  »-*«5-*i"-To©©«i'*''S'cocf5co 


e'«MMno»<«>o«»eoeeo-«M'«o«eo'«©eo'««e«c<9'«eo»'4'ncoo«coto-<ro)eooio«o»cooo«Oi-i>Qm-«(cni 


e50«»^ne«©e:F^«««»0««i-i«ow<O'*'*«(N< 


'P3«(N«(N(Nn(N««i»INn(N«n«(N«W(N< 


ieo^»^i-<-4'*'*^e<5w-Hr-ic<^Mn<?<(N. 


««0^(NF^«r-l<N<N^rtrt' 


o  <o  « t-»«o  t>.c. «  M  t>.t*c  '«oi>Qcsn'^Ma)>Q'«'V<c  t>.w  «5w«i»-*->»'«so>*w«r«iS«s«ooo-^to>o«5'^>«'* 


t^o«o«<ee:iQeno«iQioc«no«m©ae«©«oneooieo>0'«n«eono<e)^'<ro4'«c3c3-<"4<o«-<iio«'<«'nconno4 


"  S  c 

,°OuS  cs'ts  -  — 


E 

i'  c  c  s  a 

■s  E  5  «  o 


w  S  w  c  »: 


EC   8J 

sis 


E 


Is 


^il 


i{yK|ll'  "' 


£3  C£  t„ 


53 


o^;«o  22522  22  2  £ 


aaco:cga.agggssasgssaJisQzazas(HgasQQSi£sQS(§Q5ppb'Qoocb 


(0    wtaceSuZ 


"■  Ceo*!;— £  t'*ca'"e=  Ef 
X '/.  A  w  •-;  s '«  P  C;  m  ^  ^  £  w  in  X  n  ^  U  9S  Q  W  W  M  ( 


OU 


f 

•  -I 

ffflilil 


8i 


tils    ^ 


2  «»  C>i i^ 


©» 

© 

©IN 

- 

5?a 

?5 

?< 

•+4 

«;*■ 

>. 

>, 

>> 

■SO 

in 

og 

1 

■S2    -3 
1:3    I 


«      ^ 


ES     S 


iili 


<o    o 


183 


L&NDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


1st.  In  a  perfectly  dry  state,  so  that  the  par- 
ticles no  longer  exist  either  in  a  state  of  cohesion 
or  aggregation,  but  are  minutely  divided  and  dis- 
tinct, it  is  known  by  the  name  of  "  dust." 

2nd.  When  iu  combination  with  a  small  quan- 
tity of  water,  so  that  it  assumes  the  consistency 
of  a  pap,  the  particles  being  neither  free  to  move 
nor  yet  able  to  resist  pressure,  the  detritus  is 
known  by  the  name  of  "mac  mud,"  or  simply 
"  mud,"  according  as  it  proceeds  from  a  macadam- 
ized or  stone  paved  road. 

3rd.  When  in  combination  with  a  greater  qunn- 
tity  of  water,  so  that  it  is  rendered  almost 
liquid,  it  is  known  as  "  slop-dirt." 

4th.  When  in  combination  with  a  still  greater 
quantity  of  water,  so  that  it  is  capable  of  running 
oflf  into  the  sewers,  it  is  known  by  the  name  of 
"  street  surface-water." 

The  mud  of  the  streets  of  London  is  then 
merely  the  dust  or  detritus  of  the  granite  of 
which  they  are  composed,  agglutinated  either  with 
rain  or  the  water  from  the  watering-carts.  Gra- 
nite consists  of  silex,  felspar,  and  mica.  Silex  is 
sand,  while  felspar  and  mica  are  also  silex  in 
combination  with  alumina  (clay),  and  either  potash 
or  magnesia.  Hence  it  would  appear  to  be  owing 
to  the  affinity  of  the  alumina  or  clay  for  moisture, 
as  well  as  the  property  of  silex  to  "  gelatinize " 
with  water  under  certain  conditions,  that  the 
particles  of  dry  dust  derive  their  property  of 
agglutinating,  when  wetted,  and  so  forming  what 
is  termed  "mud" — cither  "mac,"  or  simple  mud, 
according,  as  I  said  before,  to  the  nature  of  the 
paving  on  ^vhich  it  is  formed. 

By  dust  the  street-cleansers  mean  the  collection 
of  every  kind  of  refuse  in  the  dust-bins ;  but  I 
here  speak,  of  course,  of  the  fine  particles  of  earthy 
matter  produced  by  the  attrition  of  our  roads 
when  in  a  dry  state.  Street-dust  is,  more  properly 
speaking,  mud  deprived  of  its  moisture  by  evapo- 
ration. Miss  Landon  (L.  E.  L.)  used  to  describe 
the  London  dust  as  "mud  in  high  spirits,"  and 
perhaps  no  figure  of  speech  could  convey  a 
better  notion  of  its  character. 

In  some  parts  of  the  suburbs  on  windy  days 
London  is  a  perfect  dust-mill,  and  althougli  the 
dust  maj'  be  allayed  by  the  agency  of  the  water- 
carts  (by  which  means  it  is  again  cojiverted  into 
"mac,"  or  mud),  it  is  not  often  thoroughly  allayed, 
and  is  a  source  of  considerable  loss,  labour,  and 
annoyance.  Street-dust  is  not  collected  for  any 
useful  purpose,  so  that  as  there  is  no  return  to  be 
balanced  against  its  prejudicial  effects  it  rt-raains 
only  to  calculate  the  quantity  of  it  annually  pro- 
duced, and  thus  to  arrive  at  the  extent  of  the 
mischief. 

Street-dust  is  disintegrated  granite,  that  is,  pul- 
verized quartz  ajid  felspar,  felspar  being  princi- 
pally composed  of  alumiua  or  clay,  and  qimrtz 
silex  or  sand  ;  it  is  the  result  of  tlie  attrition,  or 
in  a  word  it  is  the  detHtus,  of  the  stones  used  in 
pavements  and  in  macadamization  ;  it  is  further 
composed  of  the  pulverization  of  all  horse  and 
cattle-dung,  and  of  the  almost  imperceptible,  but 
still,  I  am  assured,  existent  powder  which  aiises 


from  the  friction  of  the  wooden  pavement  even 
when  kept  moist.  In  the  roads  of  the  nearest 
suburbs,  even  around  such  places  as  the  Rcgent's- 
park,  at  many  seasons  this  dust  is  produced 
largely,  so  that  very  often  an  open  window  for 
the  enjoyment  of  fresh  air  i.^  one  for  the  intrusion 
of  fresh  dust.  This  may  be  less  the  case  in  the 
busier  and  more  frequently-watered  thoroughfares, 
but  even  there  the  annoyance  is  great. 

I  find  in  the  "  Reports"  in  which  this  subject 
is  mentioned  but  little  said  concerning  the  in- 
fluence of  dust  upon  the  public  health.  Dr. 
Arnott,  however,  is  very  explicit  on  the  subject, 
"  It  is,"  says  he,  "  scarcely  conceivable  that  the 
immense  quantities  of  granite  dust,  pounded  by 
one  or  two  hundred  thousand  pairs  of  wheels  (!) 
working  on  macadamized  streets,  should  not 
greatly  injure  the  public  health.  In  houses  bor- 
dering such  streets  or  roads  it  is  found  that,  not- 
withstanding the  practice  of  watering,  the  furni- 
ture is  often  covered  with  dust,  even  more  than 
once  in  the  day,  so  that  writing  on  it  with  the 
finger  becomes  legible,  and  the  lungs  and  air 
tubes  of  the  inhabitants,  with  a  moist  lining  to 
detain  the  dust,  are  constantly  pumping  in  the  same 
atmosphere.  The  passengers  by  a  stage-coach  in 
dry  weather,  when  the  wind  is  moving  with  them 
so  as  to  keep  them  enveloped  in  the  cloud  of  dust 
raised  by  the  horses'  feet  and  the  Avheels  of  the 
coach,  have  their  clothes  soon  saturated  to  white- 
ness, and  their  lungs  are  charged  in  a  correspond- 
ing degree,  A  gentleman  who  rode  only  20 
miles  in  this  way  had  afterwards  to  cough  and  ex- 
pectorate for  ten  days  to  clear  his  chest  ngain." 

In  order  that  the  deleteriousness  to  health  in- 
cident to  the  inhalation  of  these  fine  and  offensive 
particles  may  be  the  better  estimated,  I  may 
add,  that  in  every  24  hours  an  adult  breathes 
36  hogsheads  of  air ;  and  Mr.  Erasmus  AVilson, 
in  his  admirable  work  on  the  Skin,  has  the  fol- 
lowing passage  concerning  the  extent  of  surface 
presented  by  the  lungs  : — 

"  The  lungs  receive  the  atmospheric  air  through 
the  windpipe.  At  the  root  of  the  neck  the  wind- 
pipe, or  trachea,  divides  into  two  branches,  called 
bronchi,  and  each  bronchus,  upon  entering  its 
respective  lung,  divides  into  an  infinity  of  small 
tube's  ;  the  latter  terminate  in  small  pouches, 
called  air-cells,  and  a  number  of  these  little 
air-cells  communicate  together  at  the  extremity 
of  each  small  tube.  The  number  of  air-cells  in 
the  two  lungs  has  been  estimated  at  1,744,000,000, 
and  the  extent  of  the  skin  which  lines  the  cells 
and  tubes  together  at  1500  square  feet.  This  cal- 
culation of  the  nimiber  of  air-cells,  and  the  extent 
of  the  lining  membrane,  rests,  1  believe,  on  the 
authority  of  Dr.  Addison  of  Malvern." 

V^hat  is  the  amount  of  atmospherical  granite, 
dung,  and  refuse-dust  received  in  a  given  period 
into  the  human  lungs,  has  never,  I  am  informed, 
been  ascertained  even  by  approximation  ;  but  ac- 
cording to  the  above  facts  it  must  be  something 
fearful  to  contemplate. 

After  this  brief  recital  of  what  is  known  concern- 
ing the  sanitary  part  of  the  question,  I  proceed  to 
consider  the  damage  and  loss  occasioned  by  street- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


1S9 


dust.  In  no  one  respect,  perhaps,  can  this  be 
ascertained  with  perfect  precision,  but  still  even 
a  rough  approximation  to  the  extent  of  the  evil 
IB  of  value,  as  giving  us  more  definite  ideas  on  the 
subject. 

It  will  be  seen,  on  reference  to  the  preceding 
table,  that  the  quantity  of  street-refuse  collected 
in  dry  weather  throughout  the  metropolis  is  be- 
tween 300  and  400  cart-loads  daily,  or  upwards 
of  100,000  cart-loads,  the  greater  propoiiion  of 
which  may  be  termed  street-dust. 

The  damage  occasioned  by  the  street-dust 
arises  from  ita  penetrating,  before  removal,  the 
atmosphere  both  without  and  within  our  houses, 
and  consists  in  the  soiling  of  wearing  apparel,  the 
injury  of  the  stock-in-trade  of  shopkeepers,  and 
of  household  furniture. 

Washing  is,  of  course,  dependent  upon  the 
duration  of  time  in  which  it  is  proper,  in  the 
estimation  of  the  several  classes  of  society,  to 
retxdn  wearing  apparel  upon  the  person,  on  the 
bed  or  the  table,  without  what  is  termed  a 
"change;"  and  this  duration  of  time  with  thou- 
sands of  both  men  and  women  is  often  deter- 
mined by  the  presence  or  absence  of  dirt  on  the 
garment ;  and  not  arbitrarily,  as  among  wealthier 
people,  with  whom  a  clean  shirt  every  morning, 
and  a  clean  table-cloth  every  one,  two,  three,  or 
more  days,  as  may  happen,  are  regarded  as  thiags 
of  course,  no  matter  what  may  be  the  state  of  the 
displaced  linen. 

The  Board  of  Health,  in  one  of  their  Eeports, 
speak  very  decisively  and  definitely  on  this  sub- 
ject. "  Common  observation  of  the  rate  at  which 
the  skin,  linen,  and  clothes  (not  to  speak  of  paper, 
books,  prints,  and  furniture)  become  dirty  in  the 
metropolis,"  say  they,  "as  compared  with  the  time 
that  elapses  before  a  proportionate  amount  of 
deterionition  aud  imcleanliness  is  communicated  in 
the  rural  districts,  will  warrant  the  estimate,  that 
full  one-lioJf  die  expeiue  of  xoashing  to  maintain 
a  passable  degree  of  cleanliness,  is  rendered  ne- 
cessary by  the  excess  of  smoke  generated  in  open 
fires,  and  the  excess  of  dust  arising  from  the  im- 
perfect scavenging  qf  the  roads  and  streets.  Per- 
sons engaged  in  washing  linen  on  a  large  scale, 
state  that  it  is  dirtied  in  the  crowded  parts  of  the 
metropolis  in  one-third  the  time  in  which  the  like 
degree  of  nncleanliness  would  be  produced  in  a 
rural  district ;  but  nil  attest  the  fact,  that  linen  is 
more  rapidly  destroyed  by  washing  than  by  the 
wear  on  the  person.  The  expense  of  the  more 
rapid  destruction  of  linen  must  be  added  to  the 
extra  sxpense  ^  <■  -  ■"'  •  —  These  expenses  and 
inconvenience**,  :  [)ortion  of  which  are 

due  to  local  mn  ition,  occasion  an.  extra 

expenditure  <if  upnnjud*  tf  tiro  to  three  millions 
per  antium — exclusive  of  the  injury  done  to  the 
general  health  and  the  medical  aud  other  expenses 
conseqoent  thereon." 

Here,  then,  we  find  the  evil  effects  of  the  im- 
perfect scavenging  of  the  metropolis  estimated  at 
between  two  and  three  millions  sterling  per  annum, 
and  this  in  the  mere  matter  of  extra  washing  and 
its  necessary  concomitant  extra  wear  and  tear  of 
clothes. 


As  this  estimate,  however,  appears  to  me 
to  exaggerate  the  evil  beyond  all  due  bounds,  I 
will  proceed  to  adduce  a  few  facts,  bearing  upon 
the  point :  and  first  as  to  the  expense  of  washing. 

In  order  to  ascertain  as  accurately  as  possible, 
the  actual  washing  expenses  of  labouring  men  and 
their  families  whose  washing  was  done  at  home, 
Mr.  John  Bullar,  the  Honorary  Secretary  to  the 
Association  for  the  Promotion  of  Baths  and  Wash- 
houses,  tells  us  in  a  Report  presented  to  Parliament, 
"that  inquiries  were  made  of  several  hundred 
families  of  labouring  men,  and  it  was  found  that, 
taking  the  icifes  labour  as  worth  5s.  a  'week!  the 
total  cost  of  washing  at  home,  for  a  man  and  wife 
and  four  children,  averaged  very  closely  on  25.  6d 
a  week,  =  5d.  a  head.  The  cost  of  coals,  soda, 
soap,  starch,  blue,  and  sometimes  water,  was 
rather  less  than  one-third  of  the  amount.  The 
time  occupied  was  rarely  less  than  two  days,  and 
more  often  extended  into  a  third  day,  so  that  the 
value  of  the  labour  was  rather  more  than  two- 
thirds  of  the  amount. 

"  The  cost  of  washing  to  single  men  among  the 
labouring  classes,  whose  washing  expenditure 
might  be  expected  to  be  on  a  very  low  scale,  such 
as  hod-men  and  street-sweepers,  was  found  to  be 
i\d.  a  head. 

"  The  cost  of  washing  to  very  small  tradesmen 
could  not  be  safely  estimated  at  much  more  than 
6rf.  a  head  a  week. 

"  It  may,  perhaps,"  'continues  the  Report,  "  be 
safe  to  reckon  the  weekly  washing  expenses  of  the 
poorer  half  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  metropolis  at 
not  exceeding  Qd.  a  head  ;  but  the  expenditure  for 
washing  rapidly  increases  as  the  inquiry  ascends 
into  what  are  called  the  '  middle  classes.' 

"  The  washing  expenses  of  families  in  which 
servants  aro  employed  may  be  considered  as 
double  that  of  the  servants',  and,  therefore,  as 
ranging  from  Is.  Qd.  to  55.  a  week  a  head. 

"There  is  considerable  difficulty  in  ascertaining 
with  any  exacthess  the  washing  expenditure  of 
private  families,  but  the  conclusion  is  that,  taking 
the  whole  populfltion,  the  washing  bills  of  London 
are  nearly  Is.  a  week  a  head,  or  5,000,000/.  a  year. 

"  Of  course,"  adds  Mr.  Bullar,  "  I  give  this  as 
but  a  rough  estimate,  and  many  exceptions  may 
easily  be  taken  to  it ;  but  I  feel  pretty  confident 
that  it  is  not  vert/ far  from  the  truth." 

As  I  before  stated,  I  am  in  no  way  disposed 
to  go  to  the  extent  of  the  calculation  here  made. 
It  appears  to  me  that  in  parliamentary  investiga- 
tions by  the  agency  of  select  committees,  or  by 
gentlemen  appointed  to  report  on  any  subject, 
there  is  an  aptitude  to  deal  with  the  whole 
body  of  the  people  as  if  they  were  earning  the 
wages  of  well  and  regularly-employed  labourers, 
or  even  mechanics.  To  suppose  that  the  starv- 
ing ballast-heaver,  the  victim  of  a  vicious  truck 
system,  which  condemns  him  to  poverty  and 
drunkenness,  or  the  sweep,  or  the  dustman, 
or  the  street-seller — all  very  numerous  classes — 
expends  1*.  a  week  in  his  wasliing,  is  far  beyond 
the  fact.  Still  less  is  expended  in  the  washing 
of  these  people's  children.  Kven  the  well-con- 
ducted asuaasit  with  two  clean  shirts  a  week 


190 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


(costing  him  Qd.),  with  the  washing  of  stockings, 
&c.  (costing  \d.  or  2d.),  does  not  expend  I5.  a 
week ;  so  that,  though  the  washing  bills  of  many 
ladies  and  of  some  gentlemen  may  average  10s. 
weekly,  if  we  consider  how  few  are  rich  and 
how  many  poor,  the  extra  payment  seems  insuffi- 
cient to  make  up  the  average  of  the  weekly 
shilling  for  the  washing  of  all  classes. 

A  prosperous  and  respectable  master  green- 
grocer, who  was  what  may  be  called  **  particular  " 
in  his  dress,  as  he  had  been  a  gentleman's  servant, 
and  was  now  in  the  habit  of  waiting  upon  the 
wealthy  persons  in  his  neighbourhood,  told  me 
that  the  following  was  the  average  of  his  washing 
bill.  He  was  a  bachelor ;  all  his  washing  was 
put  out,  and  he  considered  his  expenditure  far 
above  the  average  of  his  class,  as  many  used  no 
night-shirt,  but  slept  in  tlie  shirts  they  wore  during 
the  day,  and  paid  only  2>d.,  and  even  less,  per 
shirt  to  their  washer-woman,  and  perhaps,  and 
more  especially  in  winter,  made  one  shirt  last  the 
week. 


Two  shirts  (per  week) 

Stockings  .         .         .         •         • 

Night-shirt  (worn  two  weeks  ge- 
nerally, average  per  week) 

Sheets,  blankets,  and  other  house- 
hold linens  or  woollens    . 

Handkerchiefs   .... 


Id. 
1 

01 
2 

\ld. 


My  informant  was  satisfied  that  he  had  put  his 
expenditure  at  the  highest.  I  also  ascertained  that 
an  industrious  wife,  who  was  able  to  attend  to  her 
household  matters,  could  wash  the  clothes  of  a 
small  tradesman's  familj', — for  a  man,  his  wife, 
and  four  small  children,—"  well,"  at  the  following 
rate : — 

1  lb.  soap  .         .         .         .         ^d.  or  5c?. 
Soda  and  starch  .         .         04 

^  cwt.  coals  (extra)      .         .         3 4 

or  less  than  1  Id.  per  head. 

In  this  calculation  it  will  be  seen  the  cheapest 
soap  is  reckoned,  and  that  tliere  is  no  aUowance 
for  the  wifes  labour.  When  I  pointed  out  the 
latter  circumstance,  my  informant  said  :  "  I  look 
on  it  that  the  washing  labour  is  part  of  the  wife's 
keep,  or  what  she  gives  in  return  for  it ;  and  that 
as  she  'd  have  to  be  kept  if  she  didn't  do  it,  why 
there  shouldn't  be  no  mention  of  it.  If  she  was 
working  for  others  it  would  be  quite  different, 
but  washing  is  a  family  matter  ;  that 's  my  way 
of  looking  at  it.  Coke,  too,  is  often  used  instead 
of  coals ;  besides,  a  bit  of  bacon,  or  potatoes,  or 
the  tea-kettle,  will  have  to  be  boiled,  and  that 's 
managed  along  with  the  hot  water  for  the  suds, 
and  would  have  to  be  done  anyhow,  especially  in 
winter." 

One  decent  woman,  who  had  five  children, 
"  all  under  eight,"  told  me  she  often  sat  up  half, 
and  sometimes  the  whole  night  to  wash,  when 
busy  other  ways.    She  was  not  in  poverty,   for 


she  earned  "  a  good  bit "  in  going  out  to  cook,  and 
her  husband  was  employed  by  a  pork-butcher. 

I  may  further  add,  that  a  great  many  single  men 
wash  their  own  clothes.  Many  of  the  street-sellers  in 
particular  do  this ;  so  do  such  of  the  poor  as  live  in 
their  own  rooms,  and  occasionally  the  dwellers  in 
the  low  lodging-houses.  One  street-seller  of  ham 
sandwiches,  whose  aprons,  sleeves,  and  tray-cloth, 
were  remarkably  white,  told  me  that  he  washed 
them  himself,  as  well  as  his  shirt,  &c.,  and  that 
it  was  the  common  practice  with  his  class.  This 
washing — his  aprons,  tray-cloths,  shirts,  and  stock- 
ings included — cost  Iiim,  every  three  weeks,  i\d. 
or  5d.  for  1  lb.  of  soap,  which  is  less  than  l.^cZ.  a 
week.  Among  such  people  it  is  considered  that  the 
washing  of  a  shirt  is,  as  they  say,  "a  penn'orth  of 
soap,  and  the  stockings  in,"  meaning  that  a  penny 
outlay  is  sufficient  to  wash  for  both. 

But  not  only  does  Mr.  BuUar's  estimate  exceed 
the  truth  as  regards  the  cost  of  washing  among 
the  poorer  classes,  but  it  also  errs  in  the  propor- 
tion they  are  said  to  bear  to  the  other  ranks  of 
society.  That  gentleman  speaks  of  "  the  poorer 
half  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  metropolis,"  as  if 
the  rich  and  poor  were  equal  in  numbers  !  but 
with  all  deference,  it  will  be  found  that  the  ratio  be- 
tween the  well-to-do  and  the  needy  is  as  1  to  2,  that 
is  to  say,  the  property  and  income-tax  returns  teach 
us  there  are  at  least  two  persons  with  an  income  Z/e^ow 
150?.  per  annum,  to  every  one  having  an  income 
above  it.  Hence,  the  population  of  London  being, 
within  a  fraction,  2,400,000  ;  the  numbers  of  the 
metropolitan  well-to-do  and  needy  would  be  re- 
spectively 800,000  and  1,600,000,  and,  allowing 
the  cost  of  the  washing  of  the  former  to  average 
Is.  per  head  (adults  and  children),  and,  the  wash- 
ing of  the  labouring  classes  to  come  to  2d.  a  head, 
young  and  old  (the  expense  of  the  materials,  when 
the  work  is  done  at  home,  average,  it  has  been 
shown,  about  l^d.  for  each  member  of  the  family), 
we  shall  then  have  the  following  statement : — 

Annual  cost  of  washing  for  800,000 

people,  at  Is.  per  head  per  week  .  £2,080,000 

Annual  cost  of  washing  for  1,600,000 

people,  at  2d.  per  head  per  week  .        693,333 


Total  cost  of  washing  of  metropolis  £2,773,333 

I  am  convinced,  low  as  the  estimate  of  2d.  a 
week  may  appear  for  all  whose  incomes  are  under 
150?.  a  year,  from  many  considerations,  that 
the  above  computation  is  rather  over  than  under 
the  truth.  As,  for  instance,  Mr.  Hawes  has  said 
concerning  the  consumption  of  soap  in  the  metro- 
polis, —  "  Careful  inquiry  has  proved  that  the 
quantity  used  is  much  greater  than  that  indicated 
by  the  Excise  returns ;  but  reducing  the  results 
obtained  by  inquiry  in  one  uniform  proportion, 
the  quantity  used  by  the  labouring  classes  earning 
from  10s.  to  30s.  per  week  is  30  lbs.  each  per 
annum,  including  every  member  of  the  familj-. 
Dividing  the  population  of  the  metropolis  into 
three  classes:  (1)  the  wealthy;  (2)  the  shop- 
keepers and  tradesmen ;  (3)  labourers  and  the 
poor,  and  allowing  15  lbs.,  lOllis.,  a:id  dibs,  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


191 


each  regpcctirely,  the  consumption  of  the  metro- 
polia  will  be  nearly  200  tons  per  week,"  The 
cost  of  each  ton  of  soap  Mr.  Hawes  estimates 
at  i5l. 

Professor  Clarke,  however,  computes  the  metro- 
politan consumption  of  soap  at  250  toiu  per 
week,  and  the  cost  per  ton  at  50/. 

According  to  the  above  estimates, 
the  total  quantity  of  soap  used  every 
year  in  the  metropolis  is  12,000  tons, 
and  this,  at  50/.  per  ton,  comes  to     .      £600,000 

Professor  Clarke  reckons  the  gross 
consumption  of  soda  in  the  metropolis, 
at  250  tons  per  month,  costing  10/.  a 
ton ;  hence  for  the  year  the  con- 
sumption will  be  3000  tons,  cost- 
ing             30,000 

The  cost  of  water,  according  to  the 
tame  authority,  is  os.  id.  per  head 
per  annum,  and  this,  for  the  whole 
metropolis,  amounts  to 400,000 

Estimating  the  cost  of  the  coals  used 
in  heating  the  water  to  be  equal  to 
that  of  the  soap,  we  have  for  the 
gross  expense  of  fuel  annually  con- 
sumed in  washing 600,000 

There  are  21,000  laundresses  in 

London,    and,  calculating   that  the 

wages  of  these  average  10^.  a  week 

each  all  the  year  round,  the  gross 

sum  paid   to  them,   would    be     in 

round  numbers 550,000 

Profit  of  employers,  say  ....  550,000 
Add  for  sundries,  as  starch,  &c.     .  50,000 


Total  cost  of  washing  of  metropolis  £2,780,000 

Hence  it  would  appear,  that  viewed  either  by 
the  individual  expense  of  the  great  bulk  of  society, 
or  else  by  the  aggregate  cost  of  the  materials  and 
labour  used  in  cleansing  the  clothes  of  the  people 
of  London,  the  total  sum  annually  expended  in 
the  washing  of  the  metropolis  may  be  estimated 
at  the  out*ide  at  two  millions  and  three  quarters 
sterling  per  annum,  or  about  1/.  Zs.  id.  per  head. 

And  yet,  though  the  data  for  the  calculation 
here  given,  as  to  tlie  cost  and  quantity  of  the 
principal  mate-rials  used  in  cleansing  the  clothes  of 
London,  arc  derived  from  the  same  Keportas  that 
in  which  the  expense  of  the  metropolitan  washing 
is  estimated  at  5,000,000/.  per  annum,  the  Board 
of  Health  do  not  hesitate  in  that  document  to  say 
that, — "  Of  the  fairness  of  the  estimate  of  the 
expense  of  washing  to  the  higher  and  middle 
classes,  and  to  the  great  bulk  of  the  householders, 
and  the  better  clius  of  artizans,  we  entertain 
no  doubt  whatever.  Whatsoever  deductions,  if 
aoy,  may  be  made  from  the  above  estimate,  it  is, 


nevertheless,  an  under-estimate  for  maintaining, 
at  the  present  expense  of  washing,  a  proper 
amount  of  cleanliness  in  linen." 

Proceeding,  however,  with  the  calculation  as  to 
the  loss  from  the  imperfect  scavenging  of  the 
metropolis,  we  have  the  following  results  : — • 

LOSS  FBOM  DUST  AND  DIRT  IN  THE  STREETS  OP 
THE  METROPOLIS,  OWING  TO  THE  EXTRA 
WASHING   ENTAILED   THEREBY. 

According  to  the  Board  of  Health, 
taking  the  yearly  amount  of  the  wash- 
ing of  the  metropolis  at  5,000,000/., 
and  assuming  the  washing  to  be 
doubled  by  street-dirt,  the  loss  will  be  £2,500,000 

Calculating  the  washing,  however, 
for  reasons  above  adduced,  to  be  only 
2,750,000/.,  and  to  be  as  much  again 
as  it  might  be  under  an  improved 
system  of  scavenging,  the  loss  will  be     1,375,000 

Or  calculating,  as  a  minimum,  that 
the  remediable  loss  is  less  than  one- 
half,  the  cost  is £1,000,000 

Hence  it  would  appear  that  the  loss  from 
dust  and  dirt  is  really  enormous. 

In  a  work  entitled  "  Sanatory  Progress,"  being 
the  Fifth  Report  of  the  National  Philanthropic 
Association,  I  find  a  calculation  as  to  the  losses 
sustained  from  dust  and  dirt  upon  our  clothes. 
Owing  to  the  increased  wear  from  daily  brushing 
to  remove  the  dust,  and  occasional  scraping  to 
remove  the  mud,  the  loss  is  estimated  at  from 
3/.  to  11.  per  annum  for  each  well-dressed  man 
and  woman,  and  1/.  for  inferiorly-dressed  persons, 
including  their  Sunday  and  holiday  clothing. 

I  inquired  of  a  West-end  tailor,  who  previously 
to  his  establishment  in  business  had  himself  been 
an  operative,  and  had  had  experience  both  in 
town  and  country  as  to  the  wear  of  clothes,  and  I 
learned  from  him  the  following  particulars. 

With  regard  to  the  clothes  of  the  wealthy 
classes,  of  those  who  could  always  command  a 
carriage  in  bad  weather,  there  are  no  means  of 
judging  as  to  the  loss  caused  by  bad  scavengery. 

Aly  informant,  however,  obliged  me  with  the 
following  calculations,  the  results  of  his  experience. 
His  trade  is  what  I  may  describe  as  a  medium 
business,  between  the  low  slop  and  the  high 
fashionable  trades.  The  garments  of  »/hich  he 
spoke  were  those  worn  by  clerks,  shopmen, 
students,  tradesmen,  town-travellers,  and  others 
not  engaged  in  menial  or  handicraft  labour. 

Altogether,  and  after  consulting  his  books  rela- 
tive to  town  and  country  customers,  my  informant 
thought  it  might  be  easy  to  substantiate  the  fol- 
lowing estimate  as  regards  the  duration  and  cost 
of  clothes  in  town  and  comitry  among  the  classes 
I  have  specified. 


192 

TABLE  SH( 

LONDON 
)WING  THE 

LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOl 

r  POOR. 

rHES  WORN 

COMPARATIVE  COST  OF  CLO 
AND  COUNTRY. 

IN  TOWN 

Garments. 

Original  cost. 

Town. 

Country. 

DifFerence  of 

Duration. 

Annual  cost. 

Duration. 

Annual  cost. 

Coat 

Waistcoat 
Trowsera  . 

£    s.    d. 
2  10     0 
0  15     0 
15    0 

Years. 
2 

£    s.    d. 
15     0 
0     6     0 
10    0 

Years. 
3 
3 
2 

£    s.     d. 
0  16     8 
0     5     0 
0  12     6 

£    s.     d. 
0     8     4 
0     10 
0     7     6 

Total  Suit . 

4  10     0 

2  11     0 

1  14    2 

0  16  10 

Here,  then,  it  appears  that  the  annual  outlay 
for  clothes  in  town,  by  the  classes  I  have  specified, 
is  about  '2,1.  l\s.;  while  the  annual  outlay  in  the 
countrj'  for  the  same  garments  is  1^.  14s.  2d. ; 
the  difference  of  expense  being  16«.  lOcZ.  per 
annum.  I  consulted  another  tailor  on  the  sub- 
ject, and  his  estimate  was  a  trifle  above  that  of 
my  informant. 

I  should  remark  that  the  proportion  thus  adduced 
holds,  wliatever  he  the  number  of  garments  worn 
in  the  year,  or  in  a  series  of  years,  for  the  calcu- 
lation was  made  not  as  to  individual  garments, 
but  as  to  the  general  wear,  evinced  by  the  average 
outlay,  as  shown  in  the  tradesman's  books,  of  the 
same  class  of  persons  in  town  and  country. 

In  the  calculation  given  in  the  publication  of 
the  National  Philanthropic  Association,  the  loss 
on  a  well-dressed  Londoner's  clothing,  arising  from 
excessive  dust  and  dirt,  is  estimated  at  from  3«. 
to  'tl.  per  annum.  By  the  above  table  it  will 
be  seen  that  the  clothes  which  cost  1^.  14s.  2d. 
per  annum  in  the  cleanliness  of  a  country  abode, 
cost  2.1.  lis.,  or,  within  a  fraction,  half  as  much 
again,  in  the  uncleanliness  of  a  London  atmo- 
sphere and  roads.  If,  therefore,  any  London  in- 
habitant, of  the  classes  I  have  specified,  expend 
four  times  2.1.  lis.  in  his  clothes  yearly,  as 
many  do,  or  10^.  4s.,  he  loses  3f.  5s.  4rf.,  or 
5s.  id.  more  than  the  minimum  mentioned  in 
the  Report  alluded  to. 

Now  estimating  21.  10s.  as  the  yearly  tailor's 
bill  among  the  well-to-do  (boys  and  men),  and  cal- 
culating that  one-sixth  of  the  metropolitan  popula- 
tion (that  is,  half  of  the  one-third  who  may  be 
said  to  belong  to  the  class  having  incomes  above 
160^.  a  year)  spend  this  sum  yearly  in  clothes,  we 
have  the  following  statement :  — 

AaaBEaATK  Loss  upon  Cloihes  wobn  in  London. 

£         jr.  d. 

400,000  persons  living  in 
London  expend  in  clothing  (at 
21.  10s.  per  annum)    ....  1,000,000     0     0 

400,000  persons  living  in  bet- 
ter atmospheres  in  rural  parts, 
and  with  the  same  stock  of 
clothes,  expend  one-third  less, 
or 666,666  13    4 


Diflfcrenr^    333,333    6    8 


It  would  be  pushing  the  inquiry  to  exceeding 
minuteness  were  I  to  enter  into  calculations  as  to 
the  comparative  expense  of  boots,  hats,  and  ladies' 
dresses  worn  in  town  and  country  ;  suffice  it,  that 
competent  persons  in  each  of  the  vestiary  trades 
have  been  seen,  and  averages  drawn  for  the  accounts 
of  their  town  and  country  customers. 

All  things,  then,  being  duly  considered,  the  fol- 
lowing conclusion  would  seem  to  be  warranted 
by  the  facts  : — 

Annual  cost  of  clothes  to  800,000  of 
the  metropolitan  population  (those 
belonging  to  the  class  who  have  in- 
comes above  \bOl.  per  annum)  at  4.1. 
per  year  each £3,200,000 

Annual  cost  of  clothes  to  1,600,000 
of  the  metropolitan  population  (those 
belonging  to  the  class  who  have  in- 
comes below  1501.  per  annum),  at  1^. 
per  year  each 1,600,000 


£4,800,000 
Annual  cost  of  the  same  clothes  if 
worn  in  the  country 3,600,000 

Extra  expense  annually  entailed  by 
dust  and  dirt  of  metropolis  .  .  .  £1,200,000 
In  the  above  estimate  I  have  included  the  cost 
of  wear  and  tear  of  linen  from  extra  w^ashing 
when  worn  in  London,  and  this  has  been  stated 
on  the  authority  of  the  Board  of  Health  to  be 
double  that  of  linen  worn  in  the  country. 

In  connection  with  this  subject  I  may  cite  the 
following  curious  calculation,  taken  from  a  Parlia- 
mentary Report,  as  to  the  cost  of  a  working  man's 
new  shirt,  comprising  four  yards  of  strong  calico. 
Material. — Cotton  at  Qd.  per  lb.  d. 

\\  lb.,  with  loss  thereupon  ....      8'25 
Manufacture, —  d. 

Spinning 2'25 

Weaving 3'00 

Profit -25 

5-50 


Bleaching  about 


13-75 
1-25 


15-00 
Grey  (calico)  \Z*lM.-\-M.  (making)  «=  Is.  lOjc^. 
Bleached     .     15rf.    '\-9d.      „         =2s. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


193 


As  regards  th«  loss  and  damage  occasioned  by 
the  injury  to  household  furniture  and  decorations, 
and  to  stocks-in-trade,  which  is  another  important 
consideration  connected  with  this  subject,  I  find 
the  following  statement  in  the  Report  of  the  Phi- 
lanthropic Institution  : — "  The  loss  by  goods 
and  furniture  is  incalculable :  shopkeepers  lose 
from  10/.  to  150/.  a-year  by  the  spoiling  of  their 
goods  for  sale  ;  dealers  in  provisions  especially, 
who  cannot  expose  them  without  being  de- 
teriorated in  value,  from  the  dust  that  is  in- 
cessantly settling  upon  them.  Nor  is  it  much 
better  with  clothiers  of  all  kinds : — Mr.  Holmes, 
shawl  merchant,  in  Regent-street,  has  stated  that 
his    losses   from    road-dust    alone    exceed    150Z. 

per  annum." "  In  a   communication 

with  Mr.  Mivart,  respecting  the  expenses  of  mud 
and  road-dust  to  him,  that  gentleman  stated  that 
the  rent  of  the  four  houses  of  which  his  hotel  is 
composed,  was  896/. ;  and  that  he  could  not  (con- 
sidering the  cost  of  cleaning  and  servants)  estimate 
the  expense  of  repairing  the  damage  done  by  the 
dirt  and  dust,  carried  and  blown  into  these  houses, 
at  a  less  annual  sum  than  that  of  his  rent ! " 
.  An  upholsterer  obliged  me  with  the  following 
calculations,  but  so  many  were  the  materials,  and  so 
different  the  rates  of  wear  or  the  liability  to  injury 
in  different  materials  in  his  trade^  that  he  could 
only  calculate  generally. 

The  same  quality,  colour,  and  pattern  of  cur- 
tains, silk  damasks,  which  he  had  furnished  to  a 
house  in  town,  and  to  a  country  house  belonging 
to  the  same  gentleman,  looked  far  fresher  and 
better  after  five  years'  wear  in  the  country  than 
after  three  in  town.  Both  windows  had  a  southern 
aspect,  but  the  occupant  would  have  his  windows 
partially  open  unles*  the  weather  was  cold,  foggy, 
or  rainy.  It  was  the  same,  or  nearly  the  same, 
he  thought,  with  the  carpets  on  the  two  places,  for 
London  dost  was  highly  injurious  to  all  the  better 
qualities  of  carpets.  He  was  satisfied,  also,  it  was 
the  same  generally  in  upholstery  work  subjected 
to  town  dust. 

I  inquired  at  several  West-end  and  city  shops, 
and  of  different  descriptions  of  tradesmen,  of  the 
injury  done  to  their  shop  and  shop- window  goods 
by  the  dust,  but  I  found  none  who  had  made  any 
calculations  on  the  subject  All,  however,  agreed 
that  the  dust  was  an  excessive  annoyance,  and  en- 
tailed great  expense ;  a  ladies'  shoemaker  and  a 
bookseller  expressed  this  particularly — on  the  ne- 
cessity of  making  the  window  a  sort  of  small 
glass-house  to  exclude  the  dust,  which,  after  all, 
was  not  sufficiently  excluded.  All  thought,  or 
with  but  one  hesitating  exception,  that  the  esti- 
mation as  to  the  loss  sustained  by  the  Messrs. 
Holmes,  considering  the  extent  of  their  premises, 
and  the  richness  of  the  goods  displayed  in  the 
windows,  &c,  was  not  in  excess. 

I  can,  then,  but  indicate  the  injury  to  household 
furniture  and  stock-in-trade  as  a  corroboration  of 
all  that  has  been  advanced  touching  the  damaging 
effects  of  road  dirt 


Of  the  HoRSE-DiJNa  op  the  Streets  op 
London. 

"  Familiarity  with  streets  of  crowded  traffic 
deadens  the  senses  to  the  perception  of  their 
actual  condition.  Strangers  coming  from  the 
country  frequently  describe  the  streets  of  London 
as  smelling  of  dung  like  a  stable-yard." 

Such  is  one  of  the  statements  in  a  Report  sub- 
mitted to  Parliament,  and  there  is  no  reason  to 
doubt  the  fact  Every  English  visitor  to  a  French 
city,  for  instance,  must  have  detected  street-odours 
of  which  the  inhabitants  wefe  utterly  unconscious. 
In  a  work  which  between  20  and  30  years  ago 
was  deservedly  popular,  Mathews's  "  Diary  of 
an  Invalid,"  it  is  mentioned  that  an  English  lady 
complaining  of  the  villanous  rankness  of  the  air 
in  the  first  French  town  she  entered — Calais,  if  I 
remember  rightly — received  the  comfortable  as- 
surance, "It  is  the  smell  of  the  Continent,  ma'am." 
Even  in  Cologne  itself,  the  "  most  stinking  city 
of  Europe,"  as  it  has  been  termed,  the  citizens 
are  insensible  to  the  foul  airs  of  their  streets,  and 
yet  possess  great  skill  in  manufacturing  perfumed 
and  distilled  waters  for  the  toilet,  pluming  them- 
selves on  the  delicacy  and  discrimination  of  their 
nasal  organs.  What  we  perceive  in  other  cities, 
as  strangers,  those  who  visit  London  detect  in 
our  streets — that  they  smell  of  dung  like  stable- 
yards.  It  is  idle  for  London  denizens,  because 
they  are  unconscious  of  the  fact,  to  deny  the 
existence  of  any  such  effluvia.  I  have  met  with 
nightmen  who  have  told  me  that  there  was 
"  nothing  particular"  in  the  smell  of  the  cesspools 
they  were  emptying ;  they  "  hardly  perceived  it." 
One  man  said,  "  Why,  it 's  like  the  sort  of  stuff 
I  've  smelt  in  them  ladies'  smelling-bottles."  An 
eminent  tallow-melter  said,  in  the  course  of  his 
evidence  before  Parliament  during  a  sanitary  in- 
quirj',  that  the  smell  from  the  tallow-melting  on 
his  premises  was  not  only  healthful  and  reviving 
— for  invalids  came  to  inhale  it — but  agreeable. 
I  mention  these  facts  to  meet  the  scepticism 
which  the  official  assertion  as  to  the  stable-like 
odour  of  the  streets  may,  perhaps,  provoke. 
When,  however,  I  state  the  quantity  of  horse- 
dung  and  "  cattle-droppings "  voided  in  the 
streets,  all  incredulity,  I  doubt  not,  will  be  re- 
moved. 

"  It  has  been  ascertained,"  says  the  Report  of 
the  National  Philanthropic  Association,  "  that 
four-fifths  of  the  street-dirt  consist  of  horse  and 
cattle-droppings." 

Let  us,  therefore,  endeavour  to  arrive  at  de- 
finite notions  as  to  the  absolute  quantity  of  this 
element  of  street-dirt 

And,  first,  as  to  the  number  of  cattle  and  horses 
traversing  the  streets  of  London. 

In  the  course  of  an  inquiry  in  November, 
1850,  into  Smithfieldmarket,  I  adduced  the  fol- 
lowing results  as  to  the  number  of  cattle  entering 
the  metropolis,  deriving  the  information  from  the 
experience  of  Mr.  Deputy  Hicks,  confirmed  by 
returns  to  Parliament,  by  the  amount  of  tolls,  and 
further  ratified  by  the  opinion  of  some  of  the 
most  experienced   "live   salesmen"  and   "dead 


194 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


salesmen  "  (sellers  on  commission  of  live  and  dead 
cattle),  whose  assistcuice  I  had  the  pleasure  of 
obtaining. 

The  return  is  of  the  stock  anntuilly  sold  in 
Smithfield-market,  and  includes  not  only  English 
but  foreign  beasts,  sheep, and  calves;  the  latter  ave- 
raging weekly  in  1848  (the  latest  return  then  pub- 
lished), beasts,  590;  sheep,  2478  ;  and  calves,  248. 
224,000  horned  cattle. 
1,550,000  sheep. 
27,300  calves. 
40,000  pigs. 

Total   .     .     1,841,300. 

I  may  remark  that  this  is  not  a  criterion  of 
the  consumption  of  animal  food  in  the  metropolis, 
for  there  are,  besides  the  above,  the  daily  sup- 
plies from  the  country  to  the  "  dead  salesmen." 
The  preceding  return,  however,  is  sufficient  for 
my  present  purpose,  which  is  to  show  the  quan- 
tity of  cattle  manure  "dropped"  in  London. 

The  number  of  cattle  entering  the  metropolis, 
then,  are  1,841,300  per  annum. 

The  number  of  horses  daily  traversing  the  me- 
tropolis has  been  already  set  forth.  By  a  return 
obtained  by  Mr.  Charles  Cochrane  from  the  Stamp 
and  Tax  Office,  we  have  seen  that  there  are 
altogether 

In  London  and  Westminster,  of  pri- 
vate carriage,  job,  and  cart  horses  .     .     .  10,022 

Cab  horses 6,692 

Omnibus  horses 5,500 

Horses  daily  coming  to  metropolis  .     .     3,000 


Total  number  of  horses  daily  in  London  24,214 


The  total  here  given  includes  the  returns  of 
horses  which  were  either  taxed  or  the  property  of 
those  who  employ  them  in  hackney-carriages  in 
the  metropolis.  13ut  the  whole  of  those  24,214 
horses  are  not  at  work  in  the  streets  every  daj'. 
Perhaps  it  might  be  an  approximation  to  the 
truth,  if  we  reckoned  five-sixths  of  the  horses  as 
being  worked  regularly  in  the  public  thorough- 
fares ;  so  that  we  arrive  at  the  conclusion  that 
20,000  horses  are  daily  worked  in  the  metro- 
polis ;  and  hence  we  have  an  aggregate  of 
7,300,000  horses  traversing  the  streets  of  London 
in  the  twelvemonth.  The  beasts,  sheep,  calves, 
and  pigs  driven  and  conveyed  to  and  from  Smith- 
field  are,  we  have  seen,  1,841,300  in  number. 
These,  added  together,  make  up  a  total  of 
9,141,300  animals  appearing  annually  in  the 
London  thoroughfares.  The  circumstance  of 
Smithfield  cattle-market  being  held  but  twice  a 
week  in  no  way  detracts  from  the  amount  here 
given ;  for  as  the  gross  number  of  individual 
cattle  coming  to  that  market  in  the  course  of  the 
year  is  given,  each  animal  is  estimated  as  appear- 
ing only  once  in  the  metropolis. 

The  next  point  for  consideration  is — what  is  the 
quantity  of  dung  dropped  by  each  of  the  above 
animals  while  in  the  public  thoroughfares  ? 

Concerning  the  quantity  of  excretions  passed 
by  a  horse  in  the  course  of  24  hours  there  have 
been  some  valuable  experiments  made  by  phi- 
losophers whose  names  alone  are  a  sufficient 
guarantee  for  the  accuracy  of  their  researches. 

The  following  Table  from  Boussingault's  expe- 
riments is  copied  from  the  "  Annales  de  Chimie 
et  de  Physique,"  t.  Ixxi. 


FOOD    CONSUMED 


BY    AND    EXCRETIONS    OF    A    HORSE    IN    TWENTY-FOUR 
HOURS. 


Food. 

Excretions. 

Weight  in  a 

fresh  state  in 

grammes. 

Weight  in  a 
fresh  state      i 
in  pounds.      | 

Weight  in  a 

f  redi  state  la 

grammes. 

Weight  in  a 
ficSx  state 
in  pounds. 

Hay       .     .     . 
Oats       .     .     . 

7,500 
2,270 

lbs.    oz.              ! 
20     0 

Excrements     . 
Urine    .     .     . 

14,250 
1,3^ 

lbs.    oz. 

88     2 

3    7 

Water    .     .     . 

9,770 
16,000 

26     1 
42  10 

Total      .     . 

25,770 

68  11 

Total   .     .     . 

15,580 

41     9 

Here  it  will  be  seen  that  the  quantity  of  solid 
food  given  to  the  horse  in  the  course  of  the  24 
hours  amounted  only  to  26  lbs. ;  whereas  it  is 
stated  in  the  Report  of  the  National  Philanthropic 
Association,  on  the  authority  of  the  veterinary 
surgeon  to  the  Life  Guards,  that  the  regulation 
horse  rations  in  all  cavalry  regiments  is  30  lbs. 
of  solid  food;  viz.,  10  lbs.  of  oats,  12  lbs.  of 
hay,  together  with  8  lbs.  of  straw,  for  the  horse 
to  lie  upon  and  munch  at  his  leisure.     "This 


quantity  of  solid  food,  with  five  gallons  of  water, 
is  considered  sufficient,"  we  are  told,  "for  all 
regimental  horses,  who  have  but  little  work  to 
perform,  in  comparison  Avith  the  draught  horses 
of  the  metropolis,  many  of  which  consume  daily 
35  lbs.  and  upwards  of  solid  food,  with  at  least 
six  gallons  of  water, 

"  At  a  conference  held  with  the  secretary  and 
professors  of  the  Veterinary  College  in  College- 
street,    Camden-town,"    continues     the    Report, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


195 


gentlemen  kindly  undertook  to  institute 
a  feriM  of  experiments  in  this  department  of 
equine  physiology ;  the  subject  being  one  which 
iotereated  themselves,  professionally,  as  well  as 
the  council  of  the  National  Philanthropic  Asso- 
ciation. The  experiments  were  carefiiliy  con- 
ducted under  the  superintendence  of  Professor 
Yarnell.  The  food,  driuk,  and  voidances  of 
aeveral  horses,  kept  in  suble  all  day  long,  were 
separately  weighed  and  measured  ;  and  the  fol- 
lowing were  the  results  with  an  auiraal  of  medium 
size  and  sound  health : — 

"  '  Boyal  Veterinary  College, 
Sept.  29,  1849. 

"  *  Brown  horse  of  middle  size  ate  in 
24  hours,  of  hay,  16 lbs.;  oats,  10 lbs. ; 
chaff,  4  lbs. ;  in  all 301bs. 

Drank  of  water,  in  24  hours,  6  gal- 
lons, or 48  lbs. 


Total 
Voided  in  the  form  of  feces 


78  lbs. 
49  lbs. 


Allowance  for  nutrition,   supply   of 
waste  in  system,  perspiration,  and  urine      29  lbs. 
(Signed) 
"  *  Georqb  Varheli, 

" '  Demonstrator  of  Anatomy.' " 

Here  we  find  the  excretions  to  be  II  lbs. 
more  than  those  of  the  French  horse  experimented 
upon  by  M.  Boussingault ;  but  then  the  solid 
food  given  to  the  English  horse  was  4  lbs.  more, 
Vkd  liie  liquid  upwards  of  7  lbs.  extra. 

We  may  then,  perhaps,  assume,  without  fear  of 
erring,  that  the  excrements  voided  by  horses  in 
the  oeorse  of  24  hours,  weigh,  at  the  least, 
45  lbs. 

Hence  the  gross  quantity  of  dung  produced  by 
the  7,300,000  horses  which  traverse  the  London 
streets  in  the  course  of  the  twelvemonth  will  be 
7,300,000  X  45,  or  328,500,000  lbs.,  which  is 
upwards  of  146,651  tons.  But  these  horses 
cannot  be  said  to  be  at  work  above  six  hours 
each  day  ;  we  must,  therefore,  divide  the  above 
quantity  by  four,  and  thus  we  find  that  there  are 
36,662  tons  of  horse-dung  annually  dropped  in 
the  streets  of  London. 

I  am  informed,  on  good  authority,  that  the 
eraouUions  of  an  ox,  in  24  hours,  will,  on  the 
average,  exceed  those  of  a  horse  in  weight  by 
about  a  fifteenth,  while,  if  the  ox  be  disturbed 
by  being  driven,  the  excretions  will  exceed  the 
horse's  by  about  a  twelfth.  As  the  oxen  are  not 
driven  in  the  streets,  or  detained  in  the  market 
for  so  loo^  «  peried  at  kocses  are  out  at  work,  it 
may  be  fiur  to  eeis|Nite  that  tkeir  droppings  are 
about  the  same,  individually,  as  those  ^  the 
horses. 

Henee,as  there  are  224,000  homed  cattle  yeariy 
bro«|ht  to  London,  we  have  224,000x45  lbs. 
-  10,080,000  lbs.,  or  4500  tons,  for  the  gross 
quantity  of  ordure  dropped  by  this  number  of 
animals  in  the  course  of  24  hours,  so  that,  divid- 
ing by  4,  as  before,  we  find  that  there  are  1125 


tons  of  ordure  annually  dropped  by  the  "  horoed 
cattle"  in  the  streets  of  London. 

Concerning  the  sheep,  I  am  told  that  it  may 
be  computed  that  the  ordure  of  five  sheep  is  about 
equal  in  weight  to  that  of  two  oxen.  As  regards 
the  other  animals  it  may  be  said  that  their 
*•  droppings"  are  insignificant,  the  pigs  and  calves 
being  very  generally  carted  to  and  from  the  market, 
as,  indeed,  are  some  of  the  fatter  and  more  valuable 
sheep  and  lambs.  All  these  facts  being  taken  into 
consideration,  I  am  told,  by  a  regular  frequenter 
of  Smithfield  market,  that  it  will  be  best  to  cal- 
culate the  droppings  of  each  of  the  1,617,300 
sheep,  calves,  and  pigs  yearly  coming  to  the  me- 
tropolis at  about  one-fourth  of  those  of  the  homed 
cattle;  so  that  multiplying  1,617,300  by  10,  instead 
of  45,  we  have  16,173,000  lbs.,  or  7220  tons,  for 
the  weight  of  ordure  deposited  by  the  entire  num- 
ber of  sheep,  calves,  and  pigs  annually  brought  to 
the  metropolis,  and  then  dividing  this  by  4,  as 
usual,  we  find  that  the  droppings  of  the  calves, 
sheep,  and  pigs  in  the  streets  of  London  amount 
to  1805  tons  per  annum. 

Now  putting  together  all  the  preceding  items 
we  obtain  the  following  results  : — 
Gross    Weight     op     the    HoRSE-DxjNa    and 

Cattle-Droppings   annually    deposited  in 

THE  Streets  of  London : — 

Tons. 

Horse-dung 36,662 

Droppings  of  horned  cattle      .     .     .     1,125 

Droppings  of  sheep,  calves,  and  pigs     1,805 

39,592 

Hence  we  perceive  that  the  gross  weight  of 
animal  excretions  dropped  in  the  public  thorough- 
fares of  the  metropolis  is  about  40,000  tons 
per  annum,  or,  in  round  numbers,  770  tons  every 
week-day— say  100  tons  a  day. 

This,  I  am  well  aware,  is  a  low  estimate,  but 
it  appears  to  me  that  the  facts  will  not  warrant 
any  other  conclusion.  And  yet  the  Board  of 
Health,  who  seem  to  delight  in  "large"  estimates, 
represent  the  amount  of  animal  manure  deposited 
in  the  streets  of  London  at  no  less  than  200,000 
tons  per  annum. 

"  Between  the  Quadrant  in  Regent-street  and 
Oxford-street,"  says  the  first  Report  on  the  Supply 
of  Water  to  the  Metropolis,  "  a  distance  of  a  third 
of  a  mile,  three  loads,  on  the  average,  of  dirt,  almost 
all  horse-dung,  are  removed  daily.  On  an  esti- 
mate made  from  the  working  of  the  street-sweep- 
ing machine,  in  one  quarter  of  the  City  of  London, 
which  includes  lines  of  considerable  traffic,  the 
quantity  of  dung  dropped  must  be  upwards  of  60 
tons,  or  about  20,000  tons  per  annum,  and  this, 
on  a  City  district,  which  comprises  about  one- 
twentieth  only  of  the  covered  area  of  the  metropolis, 
though  within  that  area  there  is  the  greatest  pro- 
portionate amount  of  traffic.  Though  the  data  are 
extremely  imperfect,  it  is  considered  that  the 
horse-dung  which  falls  in  the  streets  of  the  whole 
metropolis  cannot  be  lets  than  200,000  tons  a 
year." 

Hence,  although  the  data  are  imperfect,  the 
Board  of  Health  do  not  hesitate  to  conclude  that 


196 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  gross  quantity  of  horse-dung  dropped  through- 
out every  part  of  London — back  streets  and  all — 
is  equal  to  one-half  of  that  let  fall  in  the  greatest 
London  thoroughfares.  According  to  this  esti- 
mate, all  and  every  of  the  24,000  London  horses 
must  void,  in  the  course  of  the  six  hours  that  they 
are  at  work  in  the  streets,  not  less  than  51  lbs.  of 
excrement,  which  is  at  the  rate  of  very  nearly 
2  cwt.  in  the  course  of  the  day,  or  voiding  only 
49  lbs.  in  the  twenty-four  hours,  they  must  remain 
out  altogether,  and  never  return  to  the  stable  for 
rest!!! 

Mr.  Cochrane  is  far  less  hazardous  than  the 
Board  of  Health,  and  appears  to  me  to  arrive  at 
his  result  in  a  more  scientific  and  conclusive 
manner.  He  goes  first  to  the  Stamp  Office  to 
ascertain  the  number  of  horses  in  the  metropolis, 
and  then  requests  the  professors  of  the  Veterinary 
College  to  estimate  the  average  quantity  of  excre- 
tions produced  by  a  horse  in  the  course  of  24 
hours.  All  this  accords  with  the  soundest  prin- 
ciples of  inquiry,  and  stands  out  in  startling  con- 
trast with  the  unphilosophical  plan  pursued  by  the 
Board  of  Health,  who  obtain  the  result  of  the 
most  crowded  thoroughfare,  and  then  halving 
this,  frame  an  exaggerated  estimate  for  the  whole 
of  the  metropolis. 

But  Mr.  Cochrane  himself  appears  to  me  to 
exceed  that  just  caution  which  is  so  necessary  in 
all  st4itistical  calculations.  Having  ascertained 
that  a  horse  voids  49  lbs.  of  dung  in  the  course  of 
24  hours,  be  makes  the  whole  of  the  24,214  horses 
in  the  metropolis  drop  30  lbs,  daily  in  the  streets, 
80  that,  according  to  his  estimate,  not  only  must 
every  horse  in  London  be  out  every  day,  but  he 
must  be  at  work  in  the  public  thoroughfares  for 
very  nearly  15  hours  out  of  the  24  ! 

The  following  is  the  estimate  made  by  Mr. 
Cochrane : — 

Daily  weight  of  manure  deposited  in  the  streets 
by  24,214  horses  X  30  lbs.  =  726,420  lbs., 
or  324  tons,  5  cwt.,  100  lbs. 

Weekly  weight,  2270  tons,  1  cwt.,  28  lbs. 

Annual  weight,  118,043  tons,  5  cwt. 

Tons  or  cart-loads  deposited  annually,  valued  at 
65.  X  118,043  =  35,412?.  19*.  U. 

It  has,  then,  been  here  shown  that,  assuming 
the  number  of  horses  worked  daily  in  the  streets 
of  London  to  be  20,000,  and  each  to  be  out 
six  hours  per  diem,  which,  it  appears  to  me, 
is  all  that  can  be  fairly  reckoned,  the  quantity 
of  horse -dung  dropped  weekly  is  about  700 
tons,  so  that,  including  the  horses  of  the  cavalry 
regiments  in  London,  which  of  course  are  not 
comprised  in  the  Stamp-Office  returns,  as  well 
as  the  animals  taken  to  Smithfield,  we  may,  per- 
haps, assert  that  the  annual  ordure  let  fall  in  the 
London  streets  amounts,  at  the  outside,  to  some- 
where about  1000  tons  weekly,  or  62,000  tons 
per  annum. 

The  next  question  becomes — what  is  done  with 
this  vast  amount  of  filth  1 

The  Board  of  Health  is  a  much  better  guide 
upon  this  point  than  upon  the  matter  of  quantity  : 
"  Much  of  the  horse-dung  dropped  in  the  London 


streets,  under  ordinary  circumstances,"  we  are  told, 
"  dries  and  is  pulverized,  and  with  the  common 
soil  is  carried  into  houses  as  dust,  and  dirties 
clothes  and  furniture.  The  odour  arising  from 
the  surface  evaporation  of  the  streets  when  they 
are  wet  is  chiefly  from  horse-dung.  Susceptible 
persons  often  feel  this  evaporation,  after  partial 
wetting,  to  be  highly  oppressive.  The  surface-water 
discharged  into  sewers  from  the  streets  and  roofs 
of  houses  is  found  to  contain  as  much  filth  as  the 
soil-water  from  the  house-drains." 

Here,  then,  we  perceive  that  the  whole 
of  the  animal  manure  let  fall  in  the  streets 
is  worse  than  wasted,  and  yet  we  are  assured  that 
it  is  an  article,  which,  if  properly  collected,  is  of 
considerable  value.  "  It  is,"  says  the  Heport  of 
the  National  Philanthropic  Association,  "  an 
article  of  Agricultural  and  Horticultural  commerce 
which  has  ever  maintained  a  high  value  with  the 
farmers  and  market-gardeners,  wherever  con- 
veniently obtainable.  When  these  cattle-droppings 
can  be  collected  unmixed,  in  dry  weather,  they 
bear  an  -acknowledged  value  by  the  grazier  and 
root-grow«r  ;' — there  being  no  other  kind  of  manure 
which  fertilizes  the  land  so  bounteously.  Mr. 
Mamock,  Curator  of  the  Royal  Botanical  Society, 
has  valued  them  at  from  6^.  to  IO5.  per  load;  ac- 
cording to  the  season  of  the  year.  The  United 
Paving  Board  of  St.  Giles  and  St.  George,  since 
the  introduction  of  the  Street  Orderly  System  into 
their  parishes,  has  wisely  had  it  collected  in  a  state 
separate  from  all  admixture,  and  sold  it  at  highly 
remunerative  prices,  rendering  it  the  means  of 
considerably  lessening  the  expense  of  cleansing 
the  streets." 

Now,  assuming  the  value  of  the  street-dropped 
manure  to  be  6s,  per  ton  when  collected  free 
from  dirt,  Ave  have  the  following  statement 
as  to  the  value  of  the  horse  and  cattle-voidances 
let  fall  in  the  streets  of  London : — 
52,000  tons  of  cattle-droppings, 

at  6s.  per  ton £15,600     0     0 

Mr,   Cochrane,  who  considers  the  quantity  of 
animal-droppings   to  be  much  greater,  attaches  of 
course  a  greater  value  to  the  aggregate  quantity. 
His  computation  is  as  follows  ; — • 
118,043  tons  of  cattle-droppings, 

at  Qs.  per  ton £35,412  19     6 

It  seems  to  me  that  the  calculations  of  the 
quantity  of  horse  and  cattle-dung  in  the  streets, 
are  based  on  such  well-authenticated  and  scientific 
foundations,  that  their  accuracy  can  hardly  be  dis- 
puted, unless  it  be  that  a  higher  average  might 
fairly  be  shown. 

Whatever  estimate  be  adopted,  the  worth  of 
street-dropped  animal  manure,  if  properly  secured 
and  made  properly  disposable,  is  great  and  indis- 
putable ;  most  assuredly  between  10,000^.  and 
20,000/.  in  value. 

Of  Street  "Mac"  and  other  Mud. 
First  of  that  kind  of  mud  known  by  the  name 
of  "  mac." 

The  scavengers  call  mud  all  that  is  swept  from 
the  granite  or  wood  pavements,  in  contradistinction 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


to  "  mac,"  which  is  both  scraped  and  swept  on  the 
macadamized  roads.  The  mud  is  usually  carted 
apart  from  the  "  mnc,"  but  some  contractors  cause 
their  men  to  shovel  every  kind  of  dirt  they  meet 
with  mto  the  same  cart. 

The  introduction  of  Mac  Adam's  system  of  road- 
making  into  the  streets  of  London  called  into 
existence  a  new  element  in  what  is  accounted  street 
refuse.  Until  of  late  years  little  attention  was 
paid  to  "  Mac,"  for  it  was  considered  in  no  way  dis- 
tinct from  other  kinds  of  street-dirt,  nor  as  being 
likely  to  possess  properties  which  might  adapt  it 
for  any  other  use  than  that  of  a  component  part 
of  agricultural  manure. 

"  Mac  "  is  found  principally  on  the  roads  from 
which  it  derives  its  name,  and  is,  indeed,  the 
grinding  and  pounding  of  the  imbedded  pieces  of 
granite,  which  are  the  staple  of  those  roads.  It 
is,  perhaps,  the  most  adhesive  street-dirt  known, 
as  respects  the  London  specimen  of  it;  for  the 
exceeding  traffic  works  and  kneads  it  into  a  paste 
which  it  is  difficult  to  remove  from  the  texture  of 
any  garment  splashed  or  soiled  with  it. 

'•'Mac  "  is  carted  away  by  the  scavengers  in  great 
quantities,  being  shovelled,  in  a  state  of  more  or 
less  fluidity  or  solidity,  according  to  the  weather, 
from  the  road-side  into  their  carts.  Quantities 
are  also  swept  with  the  rain  into  the  drains  of 
the  streets,  and  not  unfrequently  quantities  are 
found  deposited  in  the  sewers. 

The  following  passage  from  "Sanatory  Pro- 
gress," a  work  before  alluded  to,  cites  the  opinion 
of  Lord  Congleton  as  to  the  necessity  of  con- 
tinually removing  the  mud  from  roads.  I  may 
add  that  Lord  Congleton's  work  on  road-making  is  of 
high  authority,  and  has  frequently  been  appealed 
to  in  parliamentary  discussions,  inquiries,  and 
reports  on  the  subject. 

"  The  late  Lord  Congleton  (Sir  Henry  Par- 
nell)  stated  before  a  Committee  of  the  House  of 
Commons,  in  June,  1838,  'a  road  should  be 
cleansed  from  time  to  time,  so  as  never  to  have 
half  an  inch  of  mud  upon  it ;  and  this  is  particularly 
DeoesMury  to  be  attended  to  where  the  materials 
are  weak;  for,  if  the  surface  be  not  kept  clean,  so 
as  to  admit  of  its  becoming  dry  in  the  intervals 
between  showers  of  rain,  it  will  be  rapidly  worn 
away.'  How  truly,"  adds  the  Report,  "is  his 
Lordship's  opinion  verified  every  day  on  the  mac- 
adamized roads  in  and  around  London  t  *  *  * 
•  •  •  The  horse-manure  and  other  filth  are 
there  allowed  to  accumulate,  and  to  be  carried 
abojit  by  the  horses  and  carriage- wheels  ;  the 
road  is  formed  into  cavities  and  mud-hollows, 
which,  being  wetted  by  the  rain  and  the  con- 
stantly plying  vatertng-cart',  retain  the  same. 
Thus,  not  only  are  vast  quantities  of  offensive 
mud  formed,  but  puddles  and  pools  of  water  also ; 
which  water,  not  being  allowed  to  run  off  to  the 
lide  gutter,  by  declivity,  owing  to  the  mud  em- 
baniments  which  surround  it,  naturally  percolates 
through  the  surface  qf  the  road,  dissolving  and 
loofening  the  soft  earthy  matrix  by  which  the 
broken  granite  is  surrounded  and  fixed." 

The  quantity  of  "  mac  "  produced  is  the  next 
consideration,  and  in  endeavouring  to  aKertain  this 


there  are  no  specific  data,  though  there  are  what, 
under  other  circumstances,  might  be  called  circum- 
stantial or  inferential  evidence. 

I  have  shown  both  the  length  -)f  the  streets 
and  roads  and  the  proportion  which  might  be 
pronounced  macadiimized  ways  in  the  Metropolis 
Proper.  But  as  in  the  macadamized  proportion 
many  thoroughfares  cannot  be  strictly  considered 
as  yielding  "  mac,"  I  Avill  assume  that  the  roads 
and  streets  producing  this  kind  of  dirt,  more  or  less 
fully,  are  1200  miles  in  length. 

On  the  busier  macadamized  roads  in  the  vicinity 
of  what  may  be  called  the  interior  of  London,  it  is 
common,  I  was  told  by  experienced  men,  in  average 
weather,  to  collect  daily  two  cart-loads  of  what  is 
called  mac,  from  every  mile  of  road.  The  mass  of 
such  road-produce,  however,  is  mixed,  though  the 
"  mac "  unquestionably  predominates.  It  was 
described  to  me  as  mac,  general  dirt,  and  drop- 
pings, more  than  the  half  being  "  mac."  In  wet 
weather  there  is  at  least  twenty  times  more  "mac  " 
than  dung  scavenged ;  but  in  dry  weather  the 
dung  and  other  street-refuse  constitute,  perhaps, 
somewhat  less  than  three-fourths  of  each  cart- 
load. The  "mac"  in  dry  weather  is  derived 
chiefly  from  the  fluid  from  the  watering  carts 
mixing  with  the  dust,  and  so  forming  a  paste 
capable  of  being  removed  by  the  scraper  of  the 
scavenger. 

It  may  be  fair  to  assume  that  every  mile  of  the 
roads  in  question,  some  of  them  being  of  consider- 
able width,  yields  at  least  one  cart-load  of  "  mac," 
as  a  daily  average,  Sunday  of  course  excepted.  An 
intelligent  man,  who  had  the  management  of  the 
"  mac"  and  other  street  collections  in  a  contractor's 
wharf,  told  me  that  in  a  load  of  "  mac  "  carted  from 
the  road  to  any  place  of  deposit,  there  was  (I  now 
use  his  own  words)  "  a  good  deal  of  water ;  for 
there 's  great  difference,"  he  added,  "  in  the  stijf- 
ness  of  the  "mac"  on  different  roads,  that  seem  very 
much  the  same  to  look  at.  But  that  don't  signify 
a  halfpenny-piece,"  he  said,  "  for  if  the*  mac 'is 
wanted  for  any  purpose,  and  let  be  for  a  little 
time,  you  see,  sir,  the  water  will  dry  up,  and  leave 
the  proper  stuff.  I  haven 't  any  doubt  whatever  that 
two  loads  a  mile  are  collected  in  the  way  you  've 
been  told,  and  that  a  load  and  a  quarter  of  the 
two  is  '  mac,'  though  after  the  water  is  dried  up  out 
of  it  there  mightn't  be  much  more  th.in  a  load. 
So  if  you  want  to  calculate  what  the  quantity  of 
'  mac '  is  by  itself,  I  think  you  had  best  say  one 
load  a  mile." 

But  it  is  only  in  the  more  frequented  ap- 
proaches to  the  City  or  the  West-end,  such  as  the 
Knightsbridge-road,  the  New-road,  the  Old  Kent- 
road,  and  thoroughfares  of  similar  character  as  re- 
gards the  extent  of  traffic,  that  two  loads  of  refuse 
are  daily  collected.  On  the  more  distant  roads, 
beyond  the  bounds  traversed  by  the  omnibuses 
for  instance,  or  beyond  the  roads  resorted  to  by 
the  market  gardeners  on  their  way  to  the  metro- 
politan "  green  "  markets,  the  supply  of  street-re- 
fuse is  hardly  a  quarter  as  great ;  one  man  thought 
it  was  a  third,  and  another  only  a  sixth  of  a  load 
a  day  in  quiet  places. 

Calculating  then,  in  order  to  be  within  the  mark, 


198 


LOXDON^  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


that  the  macadamized  roads  aflford  daily  two 
loadg  of  dirt  pfer  mile,  and  reckoning  the  great 
macadamized  streets  at  100  miles  in  length,  we 
have  the  following  results  : — 
Quantity  of  Street-Refuse  collected  from 
thb  more  fkequehxed  macadamized  tho- 
roughfares. 

Loads. 

100  miles,  2  loads  per  day      .     .     .        200 

„         Weekly  amount     .     .     .     1,200 

„         Yearly  amount      .     .     .  62,400 

Proportion  of  "  Mao  "  in  the  above. 

100  miles,  1  load  per  day  ....        100 

„         Weekly 600 

Yearly 31,200 

To  this  amount  must  be  added  the  quantity 
supplied  by  the  more  distant  and  less  frequented 
roads  situate  within  the  precincts  of  the  Metro- 
polis Proper.  These  I  will  estimate  at  one-eighth 
less  than  that  of  the  roads  of  greater  traffic. 
Some  of  the  more  quiet  thoroughfares,  I  should 
add,  are  not  scavenged  more  than  once  a  week, 
and  some  less  frequently ;  but  on  some  there  is 
considerable  traffic. 
Quantity   of    Street-Refuse  collected  from 

THE     LESS     frequented      MACADAMIZED     ThO- 
ROUQHFARES. 

Loads, 
1100  miles,  \  load  per  day     .     .     .        275 

Weekly 1,650 

Yearly 85,800 

The  proportion  of  mac  to  the  gross  dirt  col- 
lected is  greater  in  the  more  distant  roads  than 
•what  I  have  already  described,  but  to  be  safe  I 
will  adopt  the  same  ratio. 

Proportion  of  "  Mac." 

Loads. 
1100  miles  of  road,  ^  load  per  day  .        137 
„  Weekly    ...        825 

Yearly  .  .  .  42,900 
Yearly  Total  of  the  Gross  Quantity  of 
Street-Refuse,  with  the  Proportionate 
Quantity  of  "  Mac  "  collected  from  the 
macadamized  thoroughfares  of  the  me- 
tropolis. 


100  miles  of  macadamized 

roads     

1100  miles      ditto      ditto 


Street 
Refuse. 


Cart-loads. 

62,400 
85,800 

148.200 


'Mac.' 


31,200 
42,900 

74,100 


Thus  upwards  of  74,000  cart-loads  of  "  mac " 
are,  at  a  low  computation,  annually  scraped  and 
swept  from  the  metropolitan  thoroughfares. 

So  far  as  to  the  quantity  of  "  mac  "  collected, 
and  now  as  to  its  vms. 

" '  Mac,'  or  Macadam"  says  one  of  Mr, 
Cochrane's  Reports,  "  ia  a  grand  prize  to  the 
scavenging  contractor,  who  find*  ready  vend  and 
a  high  price  for  it  among  the  builders  and  brich- 


makers.  Those  who  paid  for  the  road — and 
their  survey  or:",  ■possibly — know  nothing  of  its 
value,  or  of  their  own  loss  by  its  removal  from 
the  road  ;  they  consider  it  in  the  light  of  dirt — 
offensive  dirt — and  are  glad  to  pay  the  scavenger 
for  carrying  it  away !  When  the  broom  comes, 
the  scavenger's  men  take  care  to  go  deep  enough  ; 
and  many  of  them  are,  moreover,  instructed  to 
keep  the  '  mac '  as  free  from  admixture  with 
foreign  substances  as  possible  ;  for,  though  cattle- 
dung  be  valuable  enough  in  itself,  the  '  7nac'  loses 
its  value  to  the  builder  and  brickmaker  by  being 
mixed  with  it.  Indeed,  both  are  valuable  fur 
their  respective  uses  if  kept  separate,  not  other- 
wise." 

On  my  first  making  inquiries  as  to  tlie  uses  and 
value  of  "mac,"  I  was  frequently  told  that  it  was 
utterly  valueless,  and  that  great  trouble  and  ex- 
pense were  incurred  in  merely  getting  rid  of  it. 
That  this  is  the  case  with  many  contractors  is, 
doubtlessly,  the  fact ;  for  now,  unless  the  "  mac," 
or,  rather,  the  general  road-dirt,  be  ordered,  or  a 
market  for  it  be  assured,  it  must  be  got  rid  of 
without  a  remuneration.  Even  when  the  con- 
tractor can  shoot  the  "mac"  in  his  own  yard,  and 
keep  it  there  for  a  customer,  there  is  the  cost  of 
re-loading  and  re-carting;  a  cost  which  a  customer 
requiring  to  use  it  at  any  distance  may  not  choose 
to  incur.  Great  quantities  of  "mac,"  therefore,  are 
wasted ;  and  more  would  be  wasted,  were  there 
places  to  waste  it  in. 

Let  me,  therefore,  before  speaking  of  the  uses 
and  sale  of  it,  point  out  some  of  the  reasons  for 
this  wasting  of  the  "mac"  with  other  street-dirt.  In 
the  first  place,  the  weight  of  a  cart-load  of  street- 
refuse  of  any  kind  is  usually  estimated  at  a  ton  ; 
but  I  am  assured  that  the  weight  of  a  cart-load 
of  "  stiff  mac  "  is  a  ton  and  a  quarter  at  the  least; 
and  this  weight  becomes  so  trying  to  a  scavenger's 
horse,  as  the  day's  work  advances,  that  the  con- 
tractor, to  spare  the  animal,  is  often  glad  to  get 
rid  of  the  "mac"  in  any  manner  and  without  any 
remuneration.  Thousands  of  loads  of  "'  mac,"  or 
rather  of  mixed  street-dirt,  have  for  this,  and 
other  reasons,  been  thrown  away ;  and  no  small 
quantity  has  been  thrown  down  the  gulley-holes, 
to  find  its  way  into  that  main  metropolitan  sewer, 
the  Thames.  Of  this  matter,  liowever,  I  shall 
have  to  speak  hereafter. 

There  is  no  doubt  that  it  is  common  for  con- 
tractors to  represent  the  "mac"  they  collect  as 
being  utterly  valueless,  and  indeed  an  incum- 
brance. The  "  mixed  mac,"  as  I  have  said,  may 
be  so.  Some  contractors  urge,  especially  in  their 
bargains  with  the  parish  board,  that  all  kinds  of 
street  dirt  are  not  only  worthless,  but  expensive 
to  be  got  rid  of.  Five  or  six  years  ago,  this  was 
urged  very  strenuously,  for  then  there  was  what 
was  accounted  a  combination  among  the  con- 
tractors. The  south-west  district  of  St.  Pancras, 
until  within  the  last  six  years,  received  from  the 
contractor  for  the  public  scavengery,  100/.  for  the 
year's  aggregation  of  street  and  house  dirt.  Since 
then,  however,  they  have  had  to  pay  him  500/. 
for  removing  it. 

Notwithstanding  the  reluctance  of  some  of  the 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDOX  POOR, 


199 


contractor  to  give  infonnation  on  this,  or  indeed 
any  subject  connected  with  their  trade,  I  have 
ascertained  from  indubitable  authority,  that  "mac" 
is  disposed  of  in  the  following  manner.  Some, 
bfut  this  is  mostly  the  mixed  kind,  is  got  rid  of 
in  a»y  manner;  it  has  even  been  diluted  with 
water  so  as  to  be  driven  down  the  drains.  Some 
it  mixed  with  the  general  street  ordure — about  a 
quarter  of  "  mac,"  I  was  told,  to  three-quarters  of 
dung  and  street  mud — and  shipped  off  in  barges 
as  manure.  Some  is  given  to  builders,  when  they 
require  it  for  the  foundations  of  any  edifices  that 
are  "  handy,"  or  rather  it  is  carted  thither  for  a 
nominal  price,  such  as  a  trifle  as  beer-money  for 
th«  men.  Some,  however,  is  sold  for  the  same 
porpote,  the  contractors  alleging  that  the  charge 
ia  merely  for  cartage.  Some,  again,  is  given  away 
or  sold  (with  the  like  allegation)  for  purposes  of 
leTeUing,  of  filling  up  cavities,  or  repairing  un- 
eTCBBesses  in  any  groimd  where  improvements  are 
being  carried  on;  and,  finally,  some  is  sold  to 
masons,  plasterers,  and  brickmakers,  for  the  pur- 
poses of  their  trade. 

Even  for  such  purposes  as  "  filling  up,"  there 
must  be  in  the  "  mixed  mac  "  supplied,  at  least  a 
considerable  preponderance  of  the  pure  material, 
or  there  would  not  be,  as  I  heard  it  expressed,  a 
sufficient  "  setting  "  for  what  was  required. 

As  a  set-off  to  what  is  sold,  however,  I  may 
here  state  that  30*.  has  been  paid  for  the  privilege 
of  depositing  a  barge-load  of  mixed  street  dirt  in 
Battersea- fields,  merely  to  get  rid  of  it. 

The  priucipal  use  of  the  unmixed  "  mac"  is  as  a 
component  part  of  the  mortar,  or  lime,  of  the 
mason  in  the  exterior,  and  of  the  plasterer  in  the 
interior,  construction  of  buildings,  and  as  an  in- 
gredient of  the  mill  in  brick -groimds. 

The  accounts  I  rsceived  of  the  properties  of 
"mac"  from  the  vendors  of  it,  were  very  con- 
tradictory. One  man,  until  Litely  connected  with 
its  sale,  informed  me  that  as  far  as  his  own  ex- 
perience extended,  "mac"  was  most  in  demand 
among  scimping  builders,  and  slop  brickmakers, 
who  looked  only  to  what  was  cheap.  To  a 
notorious  "  scamper,"  he  one  morning  sent  three 
cart-loads  of  "  mac  "  at  1*.  a  load,  all  to  be  used  in 
the  erection  of  the  skeleton  of  one  not  very  large 
house;  and  he  believed  that  when  it  was  used 
instead  of  sand  with  lime,  it  was  for  inferior  work 
only,  and  was  mixed,  either  for  masons'  or  plaster- 
ers' work,  with  bad,  low-priced  mortar.  Another 
man,  with  equal  knowledge  of  the  trade,  however, 
represented  "  mac  "  as  a  most  valuable  article  for 
tlie  bnikier's  ptirpoaes,  it  was  "  so  binding"  and  this 
he  repeated  emphatically.  A  working  builder 
told  me  that  "moc  "  was  as  good  as  the  best  sand ; 
it  made  the  mortar  "bang,"  and  without  either 
that  or  sand,  the  lime  would  "  brittle  "  away. 

"  Mac"  may  be  said  to  be  composed  of  pulverised 
granite  and  rain  water.  Ghranite  is  composed  of 
quarts,  felspar,  and  mica,  each  in  granular  crys- 
tals. Hence,  alumina  being  clay,  and  silex  a  sub- 
stance  which  has  a  strong  tendency  tocntcr  into  com- 
bination with  the  lime  of  the  mortar,  the  pulverizing 
of  gnmite  teada  t»  fvodoce  a  mbstance  which  hat 
nerrisMiily  great  binding  and  indnrating  properties. 


From  this  reduction  of  "  mac  "  to  its  elements, 
it  is  manifest  that  it  possesses  qualities  highly 
valuable  in  promoting  the  cohesive  property  of 
mortar,  so  that,  were  greater  attention  paid  to  its 
collection  by  the  scavenger,  there  would,  in  all 
probability,  be  an  improved  demand  for  the  article, 
for  I  find  that  it  is  already  used  in  the  prosecution 
of  some  of  the  best  masons'  work.  On  this  head 
I  can  cite  the  authority  of  a  gentleman,  at  once  a 
scientific  and  practical  architect,  who  said  to 
me — 

*' '  Mac'  is  used  by  many  respectable  builders  for 
making  mortar.  The  objection  to  it  is,  that  it 
usually  contains  much  extraneous  decaying  mat- 
ter." 

Increased  care  in  the  collection  of  the  material 
would,  perhaps,  remove  this  cause  of  complaint. 

I  heard  of  one  ^Yest-end  builder,  employing 
many  hands,  however,  who  had  totally  or  partially 
discontinued  the  use  of  "  mac,"  as  he  had  met  with 
some  which  he  considered  showed  itself  hnttle  in 
the  plastering  of  wiills. 

"  Mac,"  is  pounded,  and  sometimes  sifted,  when 
required  for  use,  and  is  then  mixed  and  "  worked 
up"  with  the  lime  for  mortar,  in  the  same  way  as 
sand.  By  the  brickmakers  it  is  mixed  with  the 
clay,  ground,  and  formed  into  bricks  in  a  similar 
manner. 

Of  the  proportion  sold  to  builders,  plasterers, 
and  brickmakers,  severally,  I  could  learn  no  pre- 
cise particulars.  The  general  opinion  appears  to 
be,  that  "mac"  is  sold  most  to  brickmakers,  and  that 
it  would  find  even  a  greater  sale  with  them,  were 
not  brick-fields  becoming  more  and  more  remote. 
I  moreover  found  it  universally  admitted,  that 
"mac"  was  in  less  demand — some  said  by  one- 
half — than  it  was  five  or  six  years  back. 

Such  are  the  ■iises  of  "mac,"  and  we  now  come  to 
the  question  of  its  value. 

The  price  of  the  purer  "mac"  seems,  from  the 
best  infonnation  I  can  procure,  to  have  varied  con- 
siderably. It  is  now  generally  cheap.  I  did  not 
hear  any  very  sufficing  reason  advanced  to  account 
for  the  depreciation,  but  one  of  the  contractors  ex- 
pressed an  opinion  that  this  was  owing  to  the 
"  disturbed"  state  of  the  trade.  Since  the  passing 
of  the  Sanitary  Bill,  the  contractors  for  the  public 
Ecavengery  have  been  prevented  "  shooting  "  any 
valueless  street-dirt,  or  dirt  "  not  worth  carriage  " 
in  convenient  waste-places,  ns  they  were  once  in 
the  habit  of  doing.  Their  yards  and  wharfs  are 
generally  full,  so  that,  to  avoid  committing  a 
nuisance,  the  contractor  will  not  unfrcqucntly 
sell  his  "mac"  at  reduced  rates,  and  be  glad  thus  to 

get  rid  of  it.     To  this  cause  especially  Mr. 

attributed  the  deterioration  in  the  price  of  "  mac," 
but  if  he  had  convenience,  he  told  me,  and  any 
change  was  made  in  the  present  arrangements,  he 
would  not  scruple  to  store  1000  loads  for  the  de- 
mands of  next  summer,  as  a  speculation.  I  am  of 
opinion,  moreover,  notwithstanding  what  seemed 
something  very  like  unanimity  of  opinion  on  the 
part  of  the  sellers  of  "  mac,"  that  what  is  given 
or  thrown  away  is  usually,  if  not  always,  mixed 
or  inferior  "mac,"  and  that  what  is  sold  at  the 


No.  XXXTIIL 


N 


200 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


lowest  rate  is  only  a  degree  or  two  Letter ;  unless, 
indeed,  it  be  under  the  immediate  pressure  of  some 
of  the  circumstances  I  have  pointed  out,  as  want 
of  room,  &c. 

On  inquiring  the  price  of  "mjic,"  I  believe  the 
answer  of  a  vendor  will  almost  invariably  be 
found  to  be  "  a  shilling  a  load ; "  a  little  further  in- 
quiry, however,  shows  that  an  extra  sum  may  have 
to  be  paid.  A  builder,  who  gave  me  the  inform- 
ation, asked  a  parish  contractor  the  price  of  "  mac." 
The  contractor  at  once  offered  to  supply  him  with 
500  loads  at  \s.  a  load,  if  the  "mac  "  were  ordered 
beforehand,  and  could  be  shot  at  once ;  but  it 
would  be  Qd.  a  mile  extra  if  delivered  a  mile  out 
of  the  mac-seller's  parish  circuit,  or  more  than  a 
mile  from  his  yard ;  while,  if  extra  care  were  to 
be  taken  in  the  collection  of  the  "  mac,"  it  would  be 
2d.,  Zd.,  id.,  or  Qd.  a  load  higher.  This,  it  must 
be  understood,  was  the  price  of  "  wet  mac." 

Good  "cirymac,"  that  is  to  say,  "mac"  ready 
for  use,  is  sold  to  the  builder  or  the  brick- 
maker  at  from  2s.  to  35.  the  load  ;  25.  Qd.,  or 
Bometliing  very  near  it,  being  now  about  an 
average  price.  It  is  dried  in  the  contractor's  yard 
by  being  exposed  to  the  sun,  or  it  is  sometimes 
protected  from  the  weather  by  a  shed,  while  being 
dried.  More  wet  "  mac "  would  be  shot  for  the 
trade,  and  kept  until  dry,  but  for  want  of  room  in 
the  contractors'  yards  and  wharfs ;  for  "  mac"  must 
give  way  to  the  more  valuable  dung,  and  the  dust 
and  ashes  from  the  bins.  The  best  "mac "is  some- 
times described  as  "  country  mac,"  that  is  to  say, 
it  is  collected  from  those  suburban  roads  where  it 
is  likely  to  be  little  mixed  with  dung,  &c. 

A  contractor  told  me  that  during  the  last 
twelve  months  he  had  sold  300  loads  of  "mac;" 
he  had  no  account  of  what  he  had  given  away, 
to  be  rid  of  it,  or  of  what  he  had  sold  at  nominal 
prices.  Another  contractor,  I  was  told  by  his 
managing  man,  sold  last  year  about  400  loads. 
But  both  these  parties  are  "  in  a  large  way," 
and  do  not  supply  the  data  upon  which  to  found 
a  calculation  as  to  an  average  yearly  sale ;  for 
though  in  the  metropolis  there  are,  according  to 
the  list  I  have  given  in  p.  167  of  the  present 
volume,  63  contracts,  for  cleansing  the  metro- 
polis, without  including  the  more  remote  suburbs, 
such  as  Greenwich,  Lewisham,  Tooting,  Streatham, 
Ealing,  Brentford,  and  others — still  some  of  the 
districts  contracted  for  yield  no  "  mac  "  at  all. 

From  what  I  consider  good  authority,  I  may 
venture  upon  the  following  moderate  computation 
as  to  the  quantity  of  "  mac  "  sold  last  year. 

Estimating  the  number  of  contracts  for  cleansing 
the  more  central  parishes  at  35,  and  adding  20 
for  all  the  outlying  parishes  of  the  metropolis — 
in  some  of  which  the  supply  of  road  "mac"  is  very 
fine,  and  by  no  means  scarce — it  may  be  accurate 
enough  to  state  that,  out  of  the  55  individual  con- 
tracts, 300  loads  of  "  mac  "  were  sold  by  each  in 
the  course  of  last  year.  This  gives  16,500  loads 
of  "mac"  disposed  of  per  annum.  It  may,  moreover, 
be  a  reasonable  estimate  to  consider  this  "mac,"  wet 
and  dry  together,  as  fetching  I5.  Qd.  a  load,  so  that 
we  have  for  the  sum  realized  the  following 
result : — 


16.500  loads  of  "mac,"  at  I5.  Qd. 
per  load ^61237  10 

It  may  probably  be  considered  by  the  con- 
tractors that  I5.  Qd.  is  too  high  an  average  of  price 
per  load :  if  the  price  be  minimized  the  result 
will  be — 

16,500   loads  of   "mac,"  at  1^.  per 
load £825 

Then  if  we  divide  the  first  estimate  among  the 
55  contractors,  we  find  that  they  receive  upwards 
of  221.  each;  the  second  estimate  gives  nearly 
\5l.  each. 

I  repeat,  that  in  this  inquiry  I  can  but  approxi- 
mate. One  gentleman  told  me  he  thought  the 
quantity  of  "  mac"  thus  sold  in  the  year  was  twice 
1600  loads ;  another  asserted  that  it  was  not  1000. 
I  am  assured,  however,  that  my  calculation  does 
not  exceed  the  truth. 

I  have  given  the  full  quantity  of  "mac,"  as  nearly, 
I  believe,  as  it  can  be  computed,  to  be  yielded  by  the 
metropolitan  thoroughfares ;  the  surplusage,  after 
deducting  the  1600  loads  sold,  must  be  regarded  as 
consisting  of  mixed,  and  therefore  useless,  "  mac  ;  " 
that  is  to  say,  "  mac"  rendered  so  thin  by  continuous 
wet  weather,  that  it  is  little  worth ;  "  mac  "  wasted 
because  it  is  not  storeable  in  the  contractor's 
yard  ;  and  "  mac  "  used  as  a  component  part  of  a 
barge-load  of  manure. 

In  the  course  of  my  inquiries  I  heard  it  very 
generally  stated  that  until  five  or  six  years  ago 
25.  6fZ.  might  be  considered  a  regular  price  for  a 
load  of  "  mac,"  while  4s.,  5s.,  or  even  6s.  have  been 
paid  to  one  contractor,  according  to  his  own  ac- 
count, for  the  better  kind  of  this  commodity. 

Of  the  Mud  of  the  Streets. 
The  dirt  yielded  by  a  macadamized  road,  no 
matter  what  the  composition,  is  always  termed 
by  the  scavengers  "mac;"  what  is  yielded  by  a 
granite-paved  way  is  always  "  mud."  Mixed  mud 
and  "  mac  "  are  generally  looked  upon  as  useless. 

I  inquired  of  one  man,  connected  with  a  con- 
tractor's wharf,  if  he  could  readily  distinguish  the 
difference  between  "mac"  and  other  street  or 
mixed  dirts,  and  he  told  me  that  he  could  do  so, 
more  especially  when  the  stuff  was  sufficiently 
dried  or  set,  at  a  glance.  "  If  mac  was  darker," 
he  said,  "  it  always  looked  brighter  than  other 
street-dirts,  as  if  all  the  colour  was  not  ground 
out  of  the  stone."  He  pointed  out  the  different 
kinds,  and  his  definition  seemed  to  me  not  a  bad 
one,  although  it  may  require  a  practised  eye  to 
make  the  distinction  readily. 

Street-mud  is  only  partially  mud,  for  mud  is 
earthy  particles  saturated  with  water,  and  in  the 
composition  of  the  scavenger's  street-mud  are 
dung,  general  refuse  (such  as  straw  and  vegetable 
remains),  and  the  many  things  which  in  poor 
neighbourhoods  are  still  thrown  upon  the  pave- 
ment. 

In  the  busier  thoroughfares  of  the  metropolis — 
apart  from  the  City,  where  there  is  no  macadam- 
ization  requiring  notice — it  is  almost  impossible  to 
keep  street  "mac"  and  mud  distinct,  even  if  the 
scavengers  cared  more  to  do  so  than  is  the  case  at 
present ;  for  a  waggon,  or  any  other  vehicle,  eu- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


201 


tering  a  street  pared  with  blocks  of  wrought  granite 
from  a  macadamized  road  must  convey  "mac" 
amongst  mud  ;  both  "mac"  and  mud,  however,  as 
I  have  suted,  are  the  most  valuable  separately. 

In  a  Report  on  the  Supply  of  Water,  Appendix 
No.  III.,  Mr.  Holland,  Upper  Stamford-street, 
Waterloo-road,  is  stated  to  have  said,  in  reply  to 
a  question  on  the  subject : — ''  Suppose  the  in- 
habitants of  one  parish  are  desirous  of  having 
their  streets  in  good  order  and  clean :  unless  the 
adjoining  districts  concur,  a  great  and  unjust  ex- 
pense is  imposed  upon  the  cleaner  parish ;  because 
every  vehicle  which  passes  from  a  dirty  on  to  a 
clean  street  carries  dirt  from  the  former  to  the 
latter,  and  renders  cleanliness  more  difficult  and 
expensive.  The  inhabitants  of  London  have  an 
interest  in  the  condition  of  other  streets  besides 
those  of  their  own  parish.  Besides  the  inhabit- 
ants of  Regent-street,  for  instance,  all  the  riders 
in  the  5000  vehicles  that  daily  pass  through  that 
great  thoroughfare  arc  affected  by  its  condition ; 
and  the  inhabitants  of  Regent-street,  who  have  to 
bear  the  cost  of  keeping  that  street  in  good  repair 
and  well  cleansed, /o?-  others'  benefit  as  icell  as  for 
their  own,  may  fairly  feel  aggrieved  if  they  do 
not  experience  the  benefits  of  good  and  clean 
streets  when  they  go  into  other  districts." 

In  the  admixture  of  street-dirt  there  is  this 
inaterial  difference — the  dung,  which  spoils  good 
"  mac,"  makes  good  mud  more  valuable. 

After  having  treated  so  fully  of  the  road-pro- 
duce of  "mac,"  there  seems  no  necessity  to  say  more 
about  mud  than  to  consider  its  quantity,  its  value, 
and  its  uses. 

In  the  Haymarket.  which  is  about  an  eighth  of 
a  mile  in  length,  and  18  yards  in  width,  a  load 
and  a  half  of  street-mud  is  collected  daily  (Sun- 
days excepted),  take  the  year  through.  As  a 
fanner  or  market-gardener  will  give  Zs.  a  load  for 
common  street-mud,  and  cart  it  away  at  his  own 
cost,  we  find  that  were  all  this  mud  sold  sepa- 
rately, at  the  ordinary  rate,  the  yearly  receipt 
for  one  street  alone  would  be  70/.  4*.  This 
public  way,  however,  furnishes  no  criterion  of  the 
general  mud-produce  of  the  metropolis.  We  must, 
therefore,  adopt  some  other  basis  for  a  calculation ; 
and  I  have  mentioned  the  Haymarket  merely  to 
show  the  great  extent  of  street-dirt  accruing  in  a 
largely-frequented  locality. 

But  to  obtain  other  data  is  a  matter  of  no  small 
difficulty  where  returns  are  not  published  nor  even 
kept.  I  hare,  however,  been  fortunate  enough  to 
obtain  the  assistance  of  gentlemen  whose  public 
employnent  has  given  them  the  best  means  of 
forming  an  accurate  opinion. 

The  street  mud  from  the  Haymarket,  it  has 
been  positively  ascertained,  is  1  ^  load  each  wet  day 
theyear  through.  Fleet  street,  Ludgatehill,  Cheap- 
side,  Newgale-street,  the  '*  off"  parts  of  St.  Paul's 
Church-yard,  Comhill,  Leadenhall- street,  Bishops- 
gate-street,  the  free  bridges,  with  many  other 
places  where  locomotion  liever  ceases,  are,  in  pro- 
portion to  their  width,  as  productive  of  street  mud 
M  the  Haymarket. 

Were  the  Haymarket  a  mile  in  length,  it  would 
■opply,  at  its  present  rate  of  traffic,  to  the  scaren- 


ger  6  loads  of  street  mud  daily,  or  36  loads  for  the 
scavenger's  working  week.  In  this  yield,  how- 
ever, I  am  assured  by  practical  men,  the  Hay- 
market is  six  times  in  excess  of  the  average  streets ; 
and  when  compared  with  even  "  great  business" 
thoroughfares,  of  a  narrow  character,  such  as 
Watling-street,  Bow-lane,  Old-change,  and  other 
thoroughfares  off  Cheapside  and  Comhill,  the 
produce  of  the  Haymarket  is  from  10  to  40  per 
cent,  in  excess. 

I  am  assured,  however,  and  especially  by  a 
gentleman  who  had  looked  closely  into  the  matter 
— as  he  at  one  time  had  been  engaged  in  preparing 
estimates  for  a  projected  company  purposing  to 
deal  with  street-manures — that  the  50  miles  of 
the  City  may  be  safely  calculated  as  yielding 
daily  \\  load  of  street  mud  per  mile.  Narrow 
streets — Thames-street  for  instance,  which  is 
about  three-quarters  of  a  mile  long  — yield  from  2^ 
to  3.^  loads  daily,  according  to  the  season  ;  but  a 
number  of  off-streets  and  open  places,  such  as  Long- 
alley,  Alderman's-walk,  America-square,  Monu- 
ment-yard, Bridge  water- square,  Austin-friars,  and 
the  like,  are  either  streets  without  horse- thorough- 
fares, or  are  seldom  traversed  by  vehicles.  If,  then, 
we  calculate  that  there  are  100  miles  of  paved  streets 
adjoining  the  City,  and  yielding  the  same  quantity 
of  street  mud  daily  as  the  above  estimate,  and 
200  more  miles  in  the  less  central  parts  of  the 
metropolis,  yielding  only  half  that  quantit}',  we 
find  the  following  daily  sum  during  the  wet  sea- 
son : — 

Loads. 

150  miles  of  paved  streets,  yielding  1^ 
load  of  street  mud  per  mile     ....  225 

200  miles  of  paved  streets,  yielding  ^ 
load  of  street  mud  per  mile     ....  150 


Weekly  amount  of  street  mud  during 

the  wet  season 

Total  ditto  for  six  months  in  the  year 


375 

2,250 
58,500 


63,000  loads  of  street  mud,  at  35.  per 
load £8775 

The  great  sale  for  this  mud,  perhaps  nine- 
teen-twentieths,  is  from  the  barges.  A  barge 
of  street-manure,  about  one-fourth  (more  or 
less)  "  mac,"  or  rather  "  mac"  mixed  with  its  street 
proportion  of  dung,  &c.,  and  three-fourths  mud, 
dung,  &c.,  contains  from  30  to  40  tons,  or  as 
many  loads.  These  manure  barges  are  often  to 
be  seen  on  the  Thames,  but  nearly  three-fourths 
of  them  are  found  on  the  canals,  especially  the 
Paddington,  the  Regent's,  and  the  Surrey,  these 
being  the  most  immediately  connected  with  the 
interior  part  of  the  metropolis.  A  barge-load  of 
this  manure  is  usually  sold  at  from  5/.  to  6/. 
Calculating  its  average  weight  at  35  tons,  and  its 
average  sale  at  5/.  10».,  the  price  is  rather  more 
than  3«.  a  load.  "Common  street  mud,"  I  have 
been  informed  on  good  authority,  "  fetches  3«.  per 
load  from  the  fanner,  when  he  himself  carts  it 
away.'' 

The  price  of  the  barge-load  of  manure  is  tolera- 
bly uniform,  for  the  quality  is  generally  the  same. 


202 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Some  of  the  best,  because  the  cleanest,  street  mud 
— as  it  is  mixed  only  with  horse-dung — is  ob- 
tained from  the  wood  streets,  but  this  mode  of 
pavement  is  so  circumscribed  that  tlie  contractors 
pay  no  regard  to  its  manure  produce,  as  a  general 
rule,  and  mix  it  carelessly  with  the  rest.  Such, 
at  least,  is  the  account  tiiey  themselves  give,  and 
they  generally  represent  that  the  street  manure 
is,  owing  to  the  outlay  for  cartage  and  boatage, 
little  remunerative  to  them  at  the  prices  they 
obtain  ;  notwitlistauding,  they  are  paid  to  remove 
it  from  the  streets.  Indeed,  I  heard  of  one  con- 
tractor who  was  said  to  be  so  dissatisfied  with  the 
demand  for,  and  the  prices  fetched  by,  his  street- 
manure,  that  he  has  rented  a  few  acres  not  far 
from  the  Regent's  Canal,  to  test  the  efficacy  of 
street  dirt  as  a  fertilizer,  and  to  ascertain  if  to  cul- 
tivate might  not  be  more  profitable  than  to  sell. 

Of  the  Surface-Waxeh  of  the  Steeets 
of  loxdon. 

The  consideration  of  what  Professor  Way  has 
called  the  "  street  waters  "  of  the  metropolis,  is 
one  of  as  great  moment  as  any  of  those  I  have 
previously  treated  in  my  details  concerning  street 
refuse,  whether  "  mac,"  mud,  or  dung.  Indeed, 
water  enters  largely  into  the  composition  of  the 
two  former  substances,  while  even  the  street 
dung  is  greatly  affected  by  the  rain. 

The  feeders  of  the  street,  as  regards  the  street 
surface-water,  are  principally  the  rains.  I  will 
first  consider  the  amount  of  surface-water  supplied 
by  the  rain  descending  upon  the  area  of  the 
metropolis :  upon  the  roofs  of  the  houses,  and 
the  pavement  of  the  streets  and  roads. 

The  depth  of  rain  falling  in  London  in  the 
different  months,  according  to  the  observations 
and  calculations  of  the  most  eminent  meteorolo- 
gists, is  as  follows : — 


Depth  of  Rain  in 
inches. 

c 

"sl 

pi 
111 

Months. 

Royal  Society, 
according  to 
observation. 

Howard,  ac- 
cording to 
observation. 

111 

C.S 

II 

January  .... 
February  . . 

March 

April 

afay 

June 

July   

August 

September . 

October 

November  . 
December  . 

1-56 
1-4.5 
1-36 
1-55 
1-67 
1-98 
2-44 
2-37 
2-07 
2-46 
2-58 
1-65 

l-0(»7 
l-G-)3 
1-542 
1-719 
2-036 
1-964 
2-592 
2-134 
1-644 
2-872 
2-637 
2-489 

i-4a3 

0-746 
1-440 
1-786 
1-85  J 
1-830 
2-516 
1-453 
2-193 
2-073 
2-400 
2-426 

Winter. 
5-868 

Summer. 
6-682 

Autumn. 
7-441 

14-4 
15-8 

12-7 

14-0 
15-8 
11-8 
16-1 
16-3 
12-3 
16-2 
150 

17-7 

Totals 1  24-04  1  25-179   '.  22-199 

24-8(14 

178-1 

The  rainfall  in  London,  according  to  a  ten 
years'  average  of  the  Royal  Society's  observations, 
amounts  to  23  inches ;  in  1848  it  was  as  high  as 
28  inches,  and  in  1847  as  low  as  15  inches.  The 
depth  of  rain  annually  falling  near  London  is 
stated  by  Mr.  Luke  Howard  to  be,  on  an  average 


of  23  years  (1797-1819),  as  much  ns  25'179 
inches.  Mr.  Daniel  says  that  the  average  annual 
fall  is  23^j,  inches.  The  mean  of  the  observa- 
tions made  at  Greenwich  between  the  years  1838 
and  1849  was  24-84  inches. 

The  following  extract  from  an  account  of  the 
"  Soft  Water  Springs  of  the  Surrey  Sands,"  by 
the  Hon.  Wm.  Napier,  is  interesting. 

'•'  The  amount  of  rainfall,"  says  the  Author, 
"  is  taken  from  a  register  kept  at  the  Roj'al 
Military  College,  Sandhurst,  from  the  year  1818 
to  1846. 

"  The  average  fall  of  the  last  15  years,  during 
which  time  the  register  appears  to  have  been 
correctly  kept,  is  22*64  inches.  I  consider  this 
to  be  a  very  low  estimate,  however,  of  the 
average  rainfall  over  the  whole  district.  The  fall 
on  the  ranges  of  the  Hindhead  must  considerably 
exceed  this  amount,  for  I  find  in  White's  '  Sel- 
borne,'  a  register  for  ten  years  at  that  place; 
the  greatest  fall  being  in  1782,  50*26  inches,  the 
lowest,  in  1788,  22'50  inches,  and  the  average  of 
all  37*58  inches.  The  elevation  of  the  Hindhead 
is  about  800  feet  above  mean  tide. 

"  With  reference  to  the  measurement  of  rain- 
fall, it  is  difficult  indeed  to  obtain  more  than  a 
very  approximate  idea  for  a  given  district  of  not 
very  great  extent ;  the  method  of  measurement  is 
so  uncertain,  as  liable  to  be  affected  by  currents 
of  air  and  evaporation.  It  is  Avell  known  that 
elevated  regions  attract  by  condensation  more 
rain  than  low  lands,  and  yet  a  rain-gauge  placed 
on  the  ground  will  register  a  greater  fall  than 
one  placed  immediately,  and  even  at  a  small 
height,  above  it. 

"  M.  Arago  has  shown  from  12  years'  observa- 
tions at  Paris,  that  the  average  depth  of  rain  on 
the  terrace  of  the  Observatory  was  19' 88  inches, 
while  30  yards  lower  it  was  22-21  inches.  Dr. 
Heberden  has  shown  the  rainfall  on  the  top  of 
Westminster  Cathedral,  during  a  certain  period  to 
be  only  12-09  inches,  and  at  a  lower  level  on  the 
top  of  a  house  in  the  neighbourhood  to  be  22-608 
inches.  This  fact  has  been  observed  all  over  the 
world,  and  I  can  only  account  for  it  as  arising 
partly  from  the  greater  amount  of  condensation  the 
nearer  the  earth's  surface,  but  probably  also  from 
currents  of  air  depriving  a  rain-gauge  at  a  high 
elevation  of  its  fair  share." 

The  results  of  the  above  observations,  as  to  the 
yearly  quantity  of  rain  falling  in  the  metropolis, 
may  be  summed  up  as  follows  :— 

Inches  of 
Ilain  falling 
Annually. 
Royal  Society  (average  of  20  years)  24-04 
Mr.  Howard  (average  of  23  years)  .  25*179 
Professor  DanieU  ....  22*199 
Dr.  Heberden         ....     22-608 


Mean 


23*506 


The  "  mean  mean,"  or  average  of  all  the 
averages  here  given  is  within  a  fraction  the 
average  of  the  Royal  Society's  Observations  for 
10  years,  and  this  is  the  quantity  that  I  shall 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


203 


adopt  in  my  calculations  as  to  the  gross  volume 
of  rain  fcilling  over  the  entire  area  of  London. 
■  I  hare  shown,  by  a  defciil  of  the  respective 
districts  in  the  Registrar  General's  department, 
that  the  metropolis  contains  74,070  statute  acres. 
Every  square  inch  of  this  extent,  as  garden, 
arable,  or  pasture  ground,  or  as  road  or  street, 
or  waste  place,  or  house,  or  inclosed  yard  or  lawn, 
of  course  receives  its  modicum  of  rain.  Each 
acre  comprises  6,272,640  square  inches,  and  we 
thus  find  the  whole  metropolitan  area  to  contain 
a  number  of  square  inches,  almost  beyond  the 
terms  of  popular  arithmetic,  and  best  expressible 
in  figures. 

Area  of  metropolis  in  square  inches, 
464,614,444,800.  Now,  multiplying  these  four 
hundred  and  sixty  four  thousand,  six  hnndred  and 
fourteen  millions,  four  hundred  and  forty-four 
thousand,  eight  hundred  square  inches,  by  23, 
the  number  of  inches  of  rain  felling  every  year 
in  London,  we  have  the  following  result : — 

Total  quantity  of  rain  falling  yearly  in  the  me- 
tropolis, 10,686,132,230,400  cubic  inches. 

Then,  as  a  fraction  more  than  277}  cubic 
inches  .of  water  represent  a  weight  of  10  lbs., 
and  an  admeasurement  of  a  gallon,  we  have  the 
following  further  results  : — 


Yearly  Rain-1 
fidl  in  the 
Metropolis  J 


Weight  in  pounds 
and  tons. 


385,399,721 ,220  lbs., 

or 

172,053,447  tons. 


Admeasurement 
in  gallons. 


38,539,972,122  gals. 


The  total  quantity  of  water  mechanically  sup- 
plied every  day  to  the  metropolis  is  said  to  be  in 
round  numbers  55,000,000  gallons,  the  amount 
being  made  up  in  the  following  manner  : — 

Dailt  Meciiasical  Supply  op  Water  to 
Metkopolis. 


Sources  of  Supply. 
New  River    . 
East  London 
Chelsea 

West  MiddleMX 
Grand  Junction 
Lambeth 


.\vcrage  No.  of 
Gallons  per  day. 
.  14,149,315 
.  8,829,462 
.  3,940,730 
.  3,334,054 
.  3,532,013 
3,077,260 


Southwark  and  Vauxhall  6,313,716 
Kent  ....  1,079,311 
Hampstead    .  .       427,468 

Total  from  Companiet  44,883,829 

Artesian  Wells  .  8,000,000 

Land  Spring  Pumps        .  8,000,000 

Totd  daily        .        .  56,888,829 

TiAmtT  MsoBAncii.  Supply  or  Water. 

From  Companies      .        .    16,200,000,000  gals. 

„      Artesian  Wells        .       1,920,000,000     „ 

„      Land  Spring  Pumps.       1,096,000,000    „ 

Total  yearly         .        .     19,216,000,000    „ 

Hence  it  wonlJ  appear  that  the  rain  falling  in 

ndon  m  tlie  oonne  of  the  year  is  rather  more 


than  double  that  of  the  entire  quantity  of  water  an- 
nually supplied  to  the  metropolis  by  mechanical 
means,  the  rain-water  being  to  the  other  as  2*005 
to  1-000. 

Now,  in  order  to  ascertain  what  proportion  of 
the  entire  volume  of  rain  comes  under  the  deno- 
mination of  street  surface-water,  we  must  first 
deduct  firom  the  gross  quantity  falling  the  amount 
said  to  be  caught,  and  which,  in  contradistinction 
to  that  mechanically  supplied  to  the  houses  of  the 
metropolis  is  termed,  "  catch."  This  is  estimated 
at  1,000,000  gallons  per  diem,  or  365,000,000 
gallons  yearly. 

But  we  must  also  subtract  from  the  gross  quan- 
tity of  rain-water  that  which  falls  on  the  roofs  as 
well  as  on  the  ^  back  premises "  and  yards  of 
houses,  and  is  carried  off  directly  to  the  drains 
without  appearing  in  the  streets.  This  must  be  a 
considerable  proportion  of  the  whole,  since  the 
streets  themselves,  allowing  them  to  be  ten  yards 
■wide  on  an  average,  would  seem  to  occupy  only 
about  one-tenth  part  of  the  entire  metropolitan 
area,  so  that  the  rain  falling  directly  upon  the  pub- 
lic thoroughfares  will  be  but  a  tithe  of  the  aggre- 
gate quantity.  But  the  surface-water  of  the 
streets  is  increased  largely  by  tributary  shoots 
from  courts  and  drainless  houses,  and  hence  we 
may  fairly  assume  the  natural  supply  to  be 
doubled  by  such  means.  At  this  rate  the  volume 
of  rain-water  annually  poured  into  and  upon  the 
metropolitan  thoroughfares  by  natural  means,  will 
be  between  five  and  six  thousand  millions  of 
gallons,  or  one  hundred  times  the  quantity  that  is 
daily  supplied  to  the  houses  of  the  metropolis  by 
mechanical  agency. 

Still  only  a  part  of  this  quantity  appears  in  the 
form  of  surface-water,  for  a  considerable  portion  of 
it  is  absorbed  by  the  ground  on  which  it  falls — 
especially  in  dry  weather — serving  either  to  "  lay 
the  dust,"  or  to  convert  it  into  mud.  Due  regard, 
therefore,  being  had  to  all  these  considerations, 
we  cannot,  consistently  with  that  caution  which  is 
necessary  in  all  statistical  inquiries,  estimate  the  sur- 
face-water of  the  London  streets  at  more  than  one 
thousand  millions  of  gallons  per  annum,  or  twenty 
times  the  daily  mechanical  supply  to  the  houses 
of  the  entire  metropolis,  and  which  it  has  been 
asserted  is  sufiicient  to  exhaust  a  lake  covering  the 
area  of  St.  James's-park,  30  inches  in  depth. 

The  qimntity  of  water  annually  poured  upon  the 
streets  in  the  process  of  what  is  termed  "  watering  " 
amounts,  according  to  the  returns  of  the  Board  of 
Health,  to  275,000,000  gallons  per  annum  !  But 
as  this  seldom  or  never  assumes  the  form  of  street 
surface-water,  it  need  form  no  part  of  the  present 
estimate. 

What  proportion  of  the  thousand  million  gallons 
of  "  slop  dirt "  produced  annually  in  the  London 
streets  is  carried  off  down  the  drains,  and  what 
proportion  is  ladled  up  by  the  scavengers,  I  have 
no  means  of  ascertaining,  but  that  vast  quantities 
run  away  into  the  sewers  and  there  form  large 
deposits  of  mud,  everything  tends  to  prove. 

Mr.  Lovick,  on  being  asked,  "  IIow  many  loads 
of  deposit  have  been  reraovsd  in  any  one  week  in 
the  Surrey  and  Kent  district  ?    What  is  the  total 


204 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


quantity  of  deposit  removed  in  any  one  week  in 
the  whole  of  the  metropolitan  district?"  replied  : 

"  It  is  difficult,  if  not  impossible,  to  ascertain 
correctly  the  quantity  removed,  owing  to  the 
variety  of  forms  of  sewers  and  the  ever-var}'ing 
forms  assumed  by  the  deposit  from  the  action  of 
varying  volumes  of  water ;  but  I  have  had  obser- 
vations made  on  the  rate  of  accumulation,  from 
which  I  have  been  enabled  roughly  to  approximate 
it.  In  one  week,  in  the  Surrey  and  Kent  district, 
about  1000  yards  were  removed.  In  one  week, 
in  the  whole  of  the  metropolitan  districts,  includ- 
ing the  Surrey  and  Kent  district,  between  4000 
and  5000  yards  were  removed ;  but  in  portions  of 
the  districts  these  operations  were  not  in  pro- 
gress," 

It  is  not  here  stated  of  what  the  deposit  con- 
sisted, but  there  is  no  doubt  that  "  mac"  from  the 
streets  formed  a  great  portion  of  it.  Neither 
is  it  stated  what  period  of  time  had  sufficed  for 
the  accumulation ;  but  it  is  evident  enough  that 


such  deposits  in  the  course  of  a  year  must  be  very 
great. 

The  street  surface-water  has  been  analyzed  by 
Professor  Way,  and  found  to  yield  different  con- 
stituents according  to  the  different  pavements  from 
which  it  has  been  discharged.  The  results  are  as 
follows : — 

"Examination  of  Samples  of  Water  from  Street 
Drainage,  taken  from  the  Gullies  in  the  Sewers 
during  Vie  rain  of  6lh  Mai/,  1860. 

"  The  waters  were  all  more  or  less  turbid,  and 
some  of  them  gave  off  very  noxious  odours,  due 
principally  to  the  escape  of  sulphuretted  hydrogen 
gas. 

**  Some  of  them  were  alkaline  to  test-paper,  but 
the  majority  were  neutral. 

"  The  following  table  exhibits  the  quantity  of 
matter  (both  in  solution  and  in  solid  state)  con- 
tained in  an  imperial  gallon  of  each  specimen. 


"STREET  WATERS. 


Number 

Quality 

Quality 

Residue  in  an  Imperial  Gallon. 

of 

Name  of  Street. 

of 
Paving. 

of 
Traffic. 

Bottle. 

Soluble. 

Insoluble. 

Both. 

Grains. 

Grains. 

Grains. 

1 

Duke-Street,  Manchester-square   . 

Macadam 

Middling 

92-80 

105-95 

198-75 

7 

Foley-street  (upper  part)     . 

„ 

Little 

9513 

116-30 

211-43 

5 

Gower-street      ,         ,         ,         . 

Granite 

Middling 

126-00 

168  30 

294-30 

12 

Norton-street     .... 

» 

Little 

123-87 

300 

126-87 

3 

Hampstead-road  (above  tLe  canal) 

Ballasted 

Great 

9600 

84-00 

18000 

4 

Ferdinand-street 

Middling 

44-00 

48-30 

92-30 

2 

Ferdinand-place 

Little 

60-80 

34-30 

8510 

10 

Oxford-street     .... 

Granite 

Great 

276-23 

637-10 

813-33 

6 

»              «... 

Macadam 

» 

194-62 

390-30 

684-92 

11 

„              .... 

AYood 

» 

34-00 

5-00 

39-00 

"  The  influence  of  the  quality  of  the  paving  on 
the  composition  of  the  drainage  water,"  says  Pjo- 
fessor  Way,  "  is  well  seen  in  the  specimens  Nos. 
10,  6,  and  11,  all  of  them  from  Oxford-street,  the 
traffic  being  described  as  *  Great.' 

"  The  quantity  of  soluble  salts  is  here  found  to 
be  greatest  from  the  granite  matter  from  the  mac- 
adamized road,  and  very  inconsiderable  from  the 
wood  pavement. 

"  The  same  relation  between  the  granite  and 
macadam  pavement  seems  to  hold  good  in  the 
other  instances;  the  granite  for  any  quality  of 
traffic  affording  more  soluble  salts  to  the  water 
than  the  macadam. 

"  The  ballasted  pavement  holds  a  position  in- 
termediate between  the  macadam  and  tie  wood, 
giving  more  soluble  salts  than  the  wood,  but  less 
than  the  macadam. 

"  The  quantity  of  solid  (insoluble)  matter  in  the 
different  samples  of  water,  which  is  a  measure  of 
the  mechanical  waste  of  the  different  kinds  of 
jaavement,  appears  also  to  follow  the  same  relation 
as  that  of  the  soluble  salts;  that  is  to  say,  granite 
greatest,    next    macadam,   then    ballasted,    and. 


lastly,  wood  pavement,  which  affords  a  quantity 
of  solid  deposit  almost  too  small  to  deserve 
notice. 

"  The  influence  of  the  quality  of  traffic  on  the 
composition  of  the  different  specimens  of  drainage 
is  well  marked  in  nearly  all  cases ;  the  greatest 
amount  of  matter  both  insoluble  and  soluble  being 
found  in  the  water  obtained  from  the  streets  of 
great  traffic. 

"  The  following  table  shows  the  composition 
of  the  soluble  salts  of  four  specimens,  two  of  them 
being  from  the  granite,  and  two  from  the  macadam 
pavement. 

"  It  appears  from  the  title  that  the  granite 
furnishes  little  or  no  magnesia  to  the  water,  whilst 
the  quantity  from  the  macadam  is  considerable. 

"  On  the  other  hand,  the  quantity  of  potash 
is  far  greatest  in  the  water  derived  from  the 
granite. 

"  The  traffic,  as  was  before  seen,  has  a  very 
great  influence  on  the  quantity  of  the  soluble 
salts.  It  seems  alsQ  to  influence  their  composi- 
tion, for  we  find  no  carbonates  either  in  the  water 
from  the  granite,  or  that  from  the  macadam,  where 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


205 


the  traffic  i«  little ;  whereaa,  when  it  is  great, 
carbonates  of  lime  and  potash  are  found  in  the 
water  in  large  quantity,  a  circumstance  which  is 


no  doubt  attributable  to  the  action  of  decaying 
organic  matter  oa  the  mmeral  substances  of  the 
pavement. 


•;,  "ANALYSIS    OF    THE    SOLUBLE    MATTER    IN    DIFFERENT    SPECIMENS   OF 
STREET  DRAINAGE  WATER. 


Grains  in  an  Imperial  Gallon. 

Great  Traffic 

Little  Traffic. 

Granite. 

Macadam. 

Granite. 

Macadam. 

No.  10, 

No.  6. 

No.  12. 

No.  7. 

Water  of  combination   and  some  soluble 

organic  matter 

77-56 

29-07 

22-72 

13-73 

SUica 

•51 

2-81 

... 

... 

Carbonic  Acid 

15-84 

12-23 

None 

None 

Sulphuric  Acid 

36-49 

38-23 

46-48 

34-08 

Lime 

6-65 

13-38 

25-90 

16-10 

Magnesia 

None 

23-51 

Trace 

3-50 

Oxide  of  Iron  and  Alumina,  with  a  little 

Phosphate  of  Lime       .... 

2-58 

'    1-25 

... 

Chloride  of  Potassium      .... 

None 

10-99 

None 

2-79 

„          Sodium          .... 

63-84 

44-88 

18-44 

19-70 

Potash 

82-76 

18-27 

8-75 

5-23 

Soda 

... 

... 

1-58 

... 

276-23 

194-62 

123-87 

95-13 

"  The  insoluble  matter  in  the  waters  consists  of 
the  comminuted  material  of  the  road  itself,  with 
■mall  fragments  of  straw  and  broken  dung. 

"  The  quantity  of  soluble  salts  (especially  of 
falts  of  potash)  in  many  of  these  samples  of  water 
is  quite  as  great,  and  in  some  cases  greater,  than 
that  found  in  the  samples  of  sewer-water  that 
have  been  examined ;  and  it  is  open  to  question 
and  further  inquiry,  whether  the  water  obtained 
from  the  street-drainage  of  a  crowded  city  might 
not  often  be  of  nearly  equal  value  as  liquid  ma- 
nure with  the  sewer-water  with  which  it  is  at 
present  allowed  to  mix." 

With  regard  to  the  "  ballasted  pavement"  men- 
tioned by  Professor  Way,  I  may  observe  that  it 
cannot  be  considered  a  «<7-ee<-pavement,  unless 
exceptionally.  It  is  fonned  principally  of  Thames 
ballast  mixed  with  gravel,  and  is  used  in  the 
coiutruction  of  what  are  usually  private  or  plea- 
sure walks,  such  as  the  "gravel  walks"  in  the 
inclosures  of  some  of  the  parks,  and  upon  Prim- 
ruse- hill,  &c 

Ov  TBI  MASm  SCATXXOXBS  n  FORMER  TiMES. 

DsoRAPKD  as  the  occupation  of  the  scavenger 
nuy  b«  in  public  estimation ;  though  "  I  'd  rather 
■weep  the  streets"  may  be  a  common  remark 
expressive  of  the  lowest  deep  of  humiliation  among 
those  who  never  handled  a  besom  in  their  lives  ; 
yet  the  very  existence  of  a  large  body  who  are 
public  cleansers  betokens  civilization.  Their 
occupation,  indeed,  was  defined,  or  rather  was 
csublisbed  or  confirmed,  in  the  early  periods  of 
our  history,  when  municipal  regulations  were  a 
■ort  of  charter  of  civic  protection,  of  civic  liberties, 
and  of  general  progress. 


The  noun  Scavenger  is  said  by  lexicographers 
to  be  derived  from  the  German  schalcn,  to  shave 
or  scrape,  "  applied  to  those  who  scrape  and  clear 
away  the  filth  from  public  streets  or  other  places." 
The  more  direct  derivation,  however,  is  from  the 
Danish  verb  skaver,  the  Saxon  equivalent  of 
which  is  sceafan,  whence  the  English  shave. 
Formerly  the  word  was  written  Scavager,  and 
meant  simply  one  who  was  engaged  in  removing 
the  Scrapeage  or  Raieage  (the  working  men,  it 
will^  be  seen,  were  termed  also  "  rakers  ")  from  the 
surface  of  the  streets.  Hence  it  would  appear 
that  there  is  no  authority  for  the  verb  to  scavenge, 
which  has  lately  come  into  use.  The  term  from 
which  the  personal  substantive  is  directly  made, 
is  scavage,  a  word  formed  from  the  verb  in  the  same 
manner  as  sewage  and  rullage  (now  fashionably 
corrupted  into  rubbish),  and  meaning  the  refuse 
which  is  or  should  be  scraped  away  from  the 
roads.  The  Latin  equivalent  from  the  Danish 
verb  skave,  is  scahere. 

I  believe  that  the  first  mention  of  a  scavenger 
in  our  earlier  classical  literature,  is  by  Bishop 
Hall,  one  of  the  lights  of  the  Reformation,  in  one 
of  his  "  Satires." 

"  To  see  the  Pope's  blacke  knight,  a  cloaked  frere, 
Sweating  in  the  channel  like  a  scavengere" 

Many  similar  passages  firom  the  old  poets  and 
dramatists  might  be  adduced,  but  I  will  con- 
tent myself  with  one  from  the  "  Martial  Maid  " 
of  Beiiumont  and  Fletcher,  as  bearing  immedijitcly 
on  the  topic  I  have  to  discuss : — 

"  Do  I  not  know  thee  for  the  alffuaxier. 
Whose  (iunghil  alt  the ixirith  tcavengcr* 
Could  never  rid." 

Johnson   define*  a  scavenger  to  be  "a  petty 


206 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


magistrate,  whose  province  is  to  keep  the  streets 
clean;"  and  in  the  earlier  times,  certainly  the 
scavenger  was  an  officer  to  whom  a  certain 
authority  was  deputed,  as  to  beadles  and  others. 

One  or  two  of  these  officials  were  appointed, 
according  to  the  municipal  or  by-laws  of  the  City 
of  London,  not  to  each  parish,  but  to  each  ward. 
Of  course,  in  the  good  old  days,  nothing  could  be 
done  unless  under  "  the  sanction  of  an  oath,"  and 
the  scavengers  were  sworn  accordingly  on  the 
Gospel,  the  following  being  the  form  as  given  in 
the  black  letter  of  the  laws  itlating  to  the  city  in 
the  time  of  Henry  VIII. 

"  The  Oath  of  Scavagers,  or  Scavengers,  of  the 
Ward. 

"  Yeshal  swear.  That  ye  shal  wel  and  diligently 
oversee  that  the  pavements  in  every  Ward  be  wel 
and  rightfully  repaired,  and  not  haunsed  to  the 
noyaunce  of  the  neighbours ;  and  that  the  Ways, 
Streets,  and  Lanes,  be  kept  clean  from  Donge  and 
other  Filth,  for  the  Honesty  of  the  City.  And 
that  all  the  Chimneys,  Kedosses,  and  Furnaces,  be 
made  of  Stone  for  Defence  of  Fire.  And  if  ye 
know  any  such  ye  shall  shew  it  to  the  Alderman, 
that  he  may  make  due  Redress  therefore.  And 
this  ye  shall  not  lene.     So  help  you  Grod."* 

To  aid  the  scavengers  in  their  execution  of  the 
duties  of  the  office,  the  following  among  others 
were  the  injunctions  of  the  civic  law.  They  in- 
dicate the  former  state  of  the  streets  of  London 
better  than  any  description,  A  "  Goung  (or  dung) 
fermour  "  appears  to  be  a  nightman,  a  dung-carrier 
or  bearer,  the  servant  of  the  master  or  ward 
scavenger. 

"  No  Goungfermour  shall  spill  any  ordure  in  the 
Street,  under  pain  of  Thirteen  Shillings  and  Four 
Pence. 

"  No  Goungfermour  shall  carry  any  ordure  till 
after  nine  of  the  clock  in  the  Night,  under  pain  of 
Thirteen  Shillings  and  Four  Pence.  No  man 
shall  cast  any  urine  boles,  or  ordure  boles,  into 
the  Streets  by  Day  or  Night,  afore  the  Hour  of 
nine  in  the  Night.  And  also  he  shall  not  cast  it 
out,  but  bring  it  down  and  lay  it  in  the  Canel, 
under  Pain  of  Three  Shillings  and  Four  Pence. 
And  if  he  do  so  cast  it  upon  any  Person's  Head, 
the  Person  ^to  have  a  lawful  Recompense,  if  he 
have  hurt  thereby. 

"  No  man  shall  bury  any  Dung,  or  Goung, 
within  the  Liberties  of  this  City,  under  Pain  of 
Forty  Shillings." 

I  will  not  dwell  on  the  state  of  things  which 
caused  such  enactments  to  be  necessary,  or  on  the 
barbarism  of  the  law  which  ordered  a  lawful  re- 
compense to  any  person  assailed  in  the  manner 
intimated,  only  when  he  had  "  hurt  thereby." 

These  laws  were  for  the  government  of  the  city, 
Avhere  a  body  of  scavengers  was  sometimes  called 

*  "  Haunsed "  is  explained  by  Strype  to  signify 
"made  too  higii,"  and  the  "  Itedosses ^'  to  be  "  Rere- 
doughs."  A  mason  informed  me  that  he  believed  these 
Redosses  were  what  were  known  in  some  old  country- 
houses  as  "  Back-Flues,"  or  flues  connecting  any  fire- 
grate in  the  out-ofRces  with  the  main  chimney.  The 
term  "  lene"  is  the  Teutonic  Lehn,  and  signifies  "let, 
lease,"  or  literally  loan. 


a  "  street-ward."  Until  about  the  reign  of  Charles 
II.,  however,  to  legislate  concerning  such  matters 
for  the  city  was  to  legislate  for  the  metropolis,  as 
Southwark  was  then  more  or  less  under  the  city 
jurisdiction,  and  the  houses  of  the  nobility  on  the 
north  bank  of  the  Thames  (the  Strand),  would 
hardly  require  the  services  of  a  public  scavenger. 
As  new  parishes  or  districts  became  populous, 
and  estiiblished  outside  the  city  boundaries,  the 
authorities  seem  to  have  regulated  the  public 
scavengery  after  the  fashion  of  the  city ;  but  the 
whole,  in  every  respect  of  cleanliness,  propriety, 
regularity,  or  celerity,  was  most  grievously  de- 
fective. 

Some  time  about  the  middle  of  the  last  century, 
the  scavengers  were  considered  and  pronounced  by 
the  administrators  or  explainers  of  municipal  law, 
to  be  "  two  officers  chosen  yearly  in  each  parish 
in  London  and  the  suburbs,  by  the  constables, 
churchwardens,  and  other  inhabitants,"  and  their 
business  was  declared  to  be,  that  they  should 
"hire  persons  called 'rakers,' with  carts  to  clean 
the  streets,  and  carry  away  the  dirt  and  filth 
thereof,  under  a  penalty  of  40s." 

The  scavengers  thus  appointed  we  should  now 
term  surveyors.  There  is  little  reason  to  doubt 
that  in  the  old  times  the  duly-appointed  scavagers 
or  scavengers,  laboured  in  their  vocation  them- 
selves, and  employed  such  a  number  of  additional 
hands  as  they  accounted  necessary;  but  how  or 
when  the  master  scavenger  ceased  to  be  a  labourer, 
.and  how  or  when  the  office  became  merely  nominal, 
I  can  find  no  information.  So  little  attention  ap- 
pears to  have  been  paid  to  this  really  important  mat- 
ter, that  there  are  hardly  any  records  concerning  it. 
The  law  was  satisfied  to  lay  down  provisions  for 
street-cleansing,  but  to  enforce  these  provisions 
was  left  to  chance,  or  to  some  idle,  corrupt,  or  in- 
efficient officer  or  body. 

Neither  can  I  find  any  precise  account  of  what 
was  formerly  done  with  the  dirt  swept  and 
scraped  from  the  streets,  which  seems  always  to 
have  been  left  to  the  discretion  of  the  scavenger 
to  deal  with  as  he  pleased,  and  such  is  still  the 
case  in  a  great  measure.  Some  of  this  dirt  I  find, 
however,  promoted  "  the  goodly  nutriment  of  the 
land  "  about  London,  and  some  was  "  delivered  in 
waste  places  apart  from  habitations."  These  waste 
places  seem  to  have  been  the  nuclei  of  the  pre- 
sent dust-yards,  and  were  sometimes  "  presented," 
that  is,  the}'-  were  reported  by  a  jury  of  nuisances 
(or  under  other  titles),  as  "places  of  obscene  re- 
sort," for  lewd  and  disorderly  persons,  the  lewd 
and  disorderly  persons  consisting  chiefly  of  the 
very  poor,  who  came  to  search  among  the  rubbish 
for  anything  that  might  be  valuable  or  saleable; 
for  there  were  frequent  rumours  of  treasure  or 
plate  being  temporarily  hidden  in  such  places  by 
thieves.  Some  outcast  wretches,  moreover,  slept 
within  the  shelter  of  these  scavengers'  places,  and 
occasionally  a  vigilant  officer— even  down  to  our 
own  times,  or  within  these  few  years — appre- 
hended such  wretches,  charged  them  with  destitu- 
tion, and  had  them  punished  accordingly.  Much 
of  the  street  refuse  thus  "  delivered,"  especially  the 
"  dry  rubbish,  "was  thrown  into  the  streets  from 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


207 


hoiuefl  nnder  repair,  &c.,  (I  now  speak  of  the 
past  century,)  and  no  use  seems  to  have  been  made 
of  any  part  of  it  unless  any  one  requiring  a  load 
or  two  of  rubbish  chose  to  Citrt  it  away. 

I  have  given  this  sketch  to  show  what  master 
scavengers  were  in  the  olden  times,  and  I  now 
proceed  to  point  out  what  is  the  present  condition 
of  the  trade. 

Op  the  Several  Modes  and  Characteristics 

OF  Street- Cleaksing. 
Wh  here  come  to  the  practical  part  of  this  com- 
plex subject.  We  have  ascertained  the  length  of 
the  ttreets  of  London — we  have  estimated  the 
amount  of  daily,  weekly,  and  yearly  traffic — cal- 
culated the  quantity  of  mud,  dung,  "  mac,"  dust, 
and  surface-water  formed  and  collected  annually 
throughout  the  metropolis — we  have  endeavoured 
to  arrive  at  some  notion  as  to  the  injury  done  by 
all  this  vast  amount  of  filth  owing  to  what  the 
Board  of  Health  has  termed  "  imperfect  scaveng- 
ing,"— and  w^e  now  come  to  treat  of  the  means  by 
which  the  loads  of  street  refuse — the  loads  of 
dust — loads  of  "  mac  "  and  mud,  and  the  tons  of 
dung,  are  severally  and  collectively  removed 
throughout  the  year. 

There  are  two  distinct,  and,  in  a  measure, 
diametrically  opposed,  methods  of  street-cleansing 
at  present  in  operation. 

1.  That  which  consists  in  cleaning  the  streets 
when  dirtied. 

2.  That  which  consists  in  cleaning  them  and 
letpiny  them  clean. 

These  modes  of  scavenging  may  not  appear,  to 
those  who  have  paid  but  little  attention  to  the 
matter,  to  be  vert/  widely  different  means  of 
effectinff  tlie  tailM  object  The  one,  however,  re- 
moTM  the  refiue  from  the  streets  (sooner  or  later) 
after  it  keu  heet^  formed,  whereas  the  other  re- 
moves it  09  fast  as  it  is  formed.  By  the  latter 
method  the  streets  are  never  allowed  to  get  dirty 
— by  the  former  they  must  be  dirty  before  they 
are  cleansed. 

The  plan  of  street-cleansing  before  dirtied,  or  the 
pre-scavenging  system,  is  of  recent  introduction, 
being  the  mode  adopted  by  the  "  street-orderlies  ;" 
that  of  cleansing  after  having  dirtied,  or  the  post- 
scavenging  system,  is  (so  for  as  the  more  gene- 
ral or  common  method  is  concerned)  the  same  as 
that  panued  two  centuries  ago.  I  shall  speak 
of  each  of  these  modes  in  due  course,  beginning 
with  that  last  mentioned. 

By  the  ordinary  method  of  scavenging,  the  dirt 
k  still  swept  or  scraped  to  one  side  of  the 
public  way,  then  shovelled  into  a  cart  and  con- 
veyed to  the  place  of  deposit  In  wet  weather 
the  dirt  swept  or  scraped  to  one  side  is  so 
liquified  that  it  is  known  as  "slop,"  and  is 
"lifted"  into  the  cart  in  shovels  hollowed  like 
•ugar-spoons.  The  only  change  of  which  I  have 
heard  in  this  mode  of  scavenging  was  in  one  of 
the  tools.  Until  about  nine  years  ago  birch,  or 
oocMionally  heather,  brooms  or  besoms  were  used 
by  the  street-sweepers,  but  they  soon  became 
cloggsd  in  dirty  weather,  and  then,  as  one  working 
MtTMifer  explained  it  to  me,  "  they  scattered  and 


drove  the  dirt  to  the  sides  'stead  of  making  it  go 
right  ahead  as  you  wants  it."  The  material  now 
used  for  the  street-sweeper's  broom  is  known  as 
"  bass,"  and  consists  of  the  stems  or  branches  of 
a  New  Zealand  plant,  a  substance  which  has  con- 
siderable strength  and  elasticity  of  fibre,  and  both 
"  SAveeps  "  and"  scrapes"  in  the  process  of  scaveng- 
ing. The  broom  itself,  too,  is  differently  constructed, 
having  divisions  between  the  several  insertions  of 
bass  in  the  wooden  block  of  the  head,  so  that  clog- 
ging is  less  frequent,  and  cleaning  easier,  whereas 
the  birch  broom  consisted  of  a  close  mass  of  twigs, 
and  thus  scattered  while  it  swept  the  dirt.  There 
was,  of  course,  some  outcry  on  the  part  of  the 
"  established-order-of-things  "  gentry  among  sca- 
vengers, against  the  innovation,  but  it  is  now 
general.  As  all  the  scavengers,  no  matter  how 
they  vary  in  other  respects,  work  with  the  brooms 
described,  this  one  mention  of  the  change  will 
suffice.  No  doubt  the  cleansing  of  the  streets  is 
accomplished  with  greater  efficiency  and  with 
greater  celerity  than  it  was,  but  the  mere  pro- 
cess of  manual  toil  is  little  altered. 

In  a  work  like  the  present,  however,  we  have 
more  particularly  to  deal  with  the  labourers  en- 
gaged ;  and,  viewing  the  subject  in  this  light,  we 
may  arrange  the  several  modes  of  street-cleansing 
into  the  four  following  divisions  : — 

1.  By  paid  manual-labourers,  or  men  employed 
by  the  contractors,  and  paid  in  the  ordinary  ways 
of  wages. 

2.  By  paid  "  Machine  "-labourers,  differing  from 
the  first  only  or  mainly  in  the  means  by  which 
they  attain  their  end. 

3.  By  pauper  labourers,  or  men  employed  by 
the  parishes  in  which  they  are  set  to  work,  and 
either  paid  in  money  or  in  food,  or  maintained  in 
the  workhouses. 

4.  By  street-orderlies,  or  men  employed  by 
philanthropists — a  body  of  workmen  with  par- 
ticular regulations  and  more  organized  than  other 
scavengers. 

By  one  or  other  of  these  modes  of  scavengery 
all  the  public  ways  of  the  metropolis  are  cleansed  ; 
and  the  subject  is  most  peculiar,  as  including  within 
itself  all  the  several  varieties  of  labour,  if  we  ex- 
cept that  of  women  and  children — viz.,  manual 
labour,  mechanical  labour,  pauper  labour,  and  phi- 
lanthropic labour. 

By  these  several  varieties  of  labour  the  high- 
ways and  by-ways  of  the  entire  metropolis  are 
cleansed,  with  one  exception — the  Mews,  con- 
cerning which  a  few  words  here  may  not  be  out  of 
place.  All  these  localities,  whether  they  be  what 
are  styled  Private  or  Gentlemen's  Mews,  or  Pub- 
lic Mews,  where  stables,  coach-houses,  and  dwell- 
ing-rooms above  them,  may  be  taken  by  any 
one  (a  good  many  of  such  places  being,  moreover, 
public  or  partial  thoroughfares)  ;  or  whether  they  be 
job-masters'  or  cab-proprietors' mews ;  are  scavenged 
by  the  occupants,  for  the  manure  is  valuable.  The 
mews  of  London,  indeed,  constitute  a  world  of 
their  own.  They  are  tenanted  by  one  class — 
coachmen  and  grooms,  with  their  wives  and 
families — men  who  are  devoted  to  one  pursuit,  the 
care  of  horses  and  carriages ;  who  live  and  asso- 


208 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ciate  one  among  another ;  whose  talk  is  of  horses 
(with  something  about  masters  and  mistresses)  as 
if  to  ride  or  to  drive  were  the  great  ends  of  human 
existence,  and  who  thus  live  as  much  together  as 
the  Jews  in  their  compulsory  quarters  in  Rome. 
The  mews  are  also  the  "  chambers  "  of  unemployed 
coachmen  and  grooms,  and  I  am  told  that  the  very 
sicknesses  known  in  such  places  have  their  own 
peculiarities.  These,  however,  form  matter  for 
fiUure  inquirj'. 

Concerning  the  private  scavenging  of  the  metro- 
politan mews,  the  Medical  Times,  of  July  26, 
1851,  contains  a  letter  from  Mr.  C.  Cochrane,  in 
which  that  gentleman  says : — 

*'  It  will  be  found,  that  in  all  the  mews  through- 
out the  metropolis,  the  manure  produced  from  each 
stable  is  packed  up  in  a  separate  stack,  until  there 
is  sufBcient  for  a  load  for  some  market-gardener  or 
farmer  to  remove.  The  groom  or  stable-man  makes 
an  arrangement,  or  agreement  as  it  is  called,  with 
the  market-gardener,  to  remove  it  at  his  con- 
venience, and  a  gratuity  of  Is.  or  Is.  6rf.  per  load  is 
usually  presented  to  the  stable-man.  In  some 
places  there  are  dung-pits  containing  the  collect- 
ings of  a  fortnight's  dung,  which,  when  disturbed 
for  removal,  casts  out  an  offensive  effluvium,  as 
sickening  as  it  is  disgusting  to  the  whole  neigh- 
bourhood. In  consequence  of  the  arrangement  in 
question,  if  a  third  party  wished  to  buy  some  of 
this  manure,  he  could  not  get  it ;  and  if  he  wished 
to  get  rid  of  any  by  giving  it  away,  the  stable- 
man would  not  receive  it,  as  it  would  not  be  re- 
moved sufficiently  quick  by  the  farmer.  The  re- 
sult is,  that  whilst  the  air  is  rendered  offensive  and 
insalubrious,  manure  becomes  difficult  to  be  re- 
moved or  disposed  of,  and  frequently  is  washed 
away  into  the  sewer. 

"  Of  this  manure  there  are  always  (at  a  mode- 
rate computation)  remaining  daily,  in  the  mews 
and  stable-yards  of  the  metropolis,  at  least  2000 
cart-loads. 

"  To  rem'edy  these  evils,  I  would  suggest  that 
a  brief  Act  of  Parliament  should  be  passed,  giving 
municipal  and  parochial  authorities  the  same  com- 
plete control  over  the  manure  as  they  have  over 
the  'ashes,'  with  the  provision,  that  owners 
should  have  the  right  of  removing  it  themselves 
for  their  own  use ;  but  if  they  did  not  do  so 
daily,  then  the  control  to  return  to  the  above 
authorities,  who  should  have  the  right  of  selling 
it,  and  placing  the  proceeds  in  the  parish  funds. 
By  this  simple  means  immense  quantities  of 
valuable  manure  would  be  saved  for  the  purposes 
of  agriculture — food  would  be  rendered  cheaper 
and  more  abundant — more  people  would  be  em- 
ployed— whilst  the  metropolis  would  be  rendered 
clean,  sweet,  and  healthy." 

I  may  dismiss  this  part  of  the  subject  with  the 
remark,  that  I  was  informed  that  the  mews'  ma- 
nure was  in  regular  demand  and  of  ready  sale, 
being  removed  by  the  market-gardeners  with 
greater  facility  than  can  street-dirt,  which  the 
contractors  with  the  parishes  prefer  to  vend  by  the 
barge-load. 

Having  enumerated  the  four  several  modes  of 
street-cleansing,  I  will  now  proceed  to  point  out 


briefly  the  characteristics  of  each  class  of  cleansing. 
This  will  also  denote  the  quality  of  the  employers 
and  the  nature  of  the  employment. 

1.  The  Paid  Manual  Labourers  constitute  the 
bulk  of  those  engaged  in  scavenging,  and  the 
chief  pay-masters  are  the  contractors.  Many  of 
these  labourers  consider  themselves  the  only 
"  regular  hands,"  having  been  "  brought  up  to  the 
business;"  but  unemployed  or  destitute  labourers 
or  mechanics,  or  reduced  tradesmen,  will  often 
endeavour  to  obtain  employment  in  street-sweep- 
ing ;  this  is  the  necessary  evil  of  all  unskilled 
labour,  for  since  every  one  can  do  it  (without  pre- 
vious apprenticeship),  it  follows  that  the  beaton- 
out  artisans  or  discarded  trade  assistants,  beg- 
gared tradesmen,  or  reduced  gentlemen,  must 
necessarily  resort  to  it  as  their  only  means  of  in- 
dependent support;  and  hence  the  reason  why 
dock  labour  and  street  labour,  and  indeed  all  the 
several  forms  of  unskilled  work,  have  a  tendency  to 
be  overstocked  with  hands — the  umkilled  occupa- 
tions being,  as  it  were,  the  sink  for  all  the  refuse 
skilled  labour  and  beggared  industry  of  the  coun- 
try. 

The  "contractors,"  like  other  employers,  are 
separated  by  their  men  into  two  classes — such  as, 
in  more  refined  callings,  are  often  designated  the 
"  honourable  "  and  "  dishonourable  "  traders — ac- 
cording as  they  pay  or  do  not  pay  what  is  reputed 
"  fair  wages." 

I  caimot  say  that  I  heard  any  especial  appella- 
tion given  by  the  working  scavengers  to  the 
better-paying  class  of  employers,  unless  it  were 
the  expressive  style  of  "good-'uns."  The  inferior 
paying  class,  however,  are  very  generally  known 
among  their  work-people  as  "  scurfs." 

2.  T/te  Street-sweeping  Machine  Labourers. — 
Of  the  men  employed  .as  "attendant"  scavengers, 
for  so  they  may  be  termed,  in  connection  with 
these  mechanical  and  vehicular  street-sweepers, 
little  need  here  be  said,  for  they  are  generally  of 
the  class  of  ordinary  scavengers.  It  may,  how- 
ever, be  necessary  to  explain  that  each  of  those 
machines  must  have  the  street  refuse,  for  the 
"lick-in"  of  the  machine,  swept  into  a  straight 
line  wherever  there  is  the  slightest  slope  at  the 
sides  of  a  street  towards  the  foot-path ;  the  same, 
too,  must  sometimes  be  done,  if  the  pavement  be 
at  all  broken,  even  when  the  progress  of  the 
machine  is,  what  I  heard,  not  very  appropriately, 
termed  "  plain  sailing."  Sometimes,  also,  men 
follow  the  course  of  the  street-sweeping  machine, 
to  "  sweep  up  "  any  dirt  missed  or  scattered,  as 
the  vehicle  proceeds  on  a  straightforward  course, 
for  at  all  to  diverge  would  be  to  make  the  labour, 
where  the  machine  alone  is  used,  almost  double. 

3.  Tlie  Pauper,  or  Parish-employed  Scavengers 
present  characteristics  peculiarly  their  own,  as  re- 
gards open-air  labour  in  London.  They  are  em- 
ployed less  to  cleanse  the  streets,  than  to  prevent 
their  being  chargeable  to  the  poor's  rate  as  out- 
door recipients,  or  as  inmates  of  the  workhouses. 
When  paid,  they  receive  a  lower  amount  of  wages 
than  any  other  scavengers,  and  they  are  some- 
times paid  in  food  as  well  as  in  money,  while  a 
difference  may  be  made  between  the  wages  of  the 


L02fD0^  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


209 


married  and  of  the  unmarried  men,  and  even  be- 
tween the  married  men  who  have  and  have  not 
children;  some,  again,  are  employed  in  scavenging 
without  any  money  receipt,  their  maintenance  in 
the  workhouse  being  considered  a  sufficient  re- 
turn for  the  fruits  of  their  toil. 

Some  of  these  men  are  feeble,  some  are  un- 
skilful (even  in  tasks  in  which  skill  is  but  little 
of  an  element),  and  most  of  them  are  dissatisfied 
workmen.  Their  ranks  comprise,  or  may  com- 
prise, men  who  have  filled  very  diflferent  situa- 
tions in  life.  It  is  mentioned  in  the  second 
edition  of  one  of  the  publications  of  the  National 
Philanthropic  Association,  '*  Sanatory  Progress  " 
(1850),  "that  the  once  high-salaried  cashier  of  a 
West-end  bank  died  lately  in  St.  Pancras- 
workhouse  ; — that  the  architect  of  several  of  the 
most  fashionable  West  end  club-houses  is  now 
an  inmate  of  St.  James's-workhouse ; — and  that 
the  architect  of  St.  Pancras'  New  Church  lately 
died  in  a  back  garret  in  Somers-to'wn.  "  These 
recent  instances  (a  few  out  of  many) "  says  the 
writer,  "prove  that  *  wealth  has  wings,'  and  that 
Genius  and  Industry  have  but  leaden  feet,  when 
overtaken  by  Adversity.  A  late  number  of  the 
Oldbe  newspaper  states  that,  '  among  the  police 
constables  on  the  Great  Western  lUxilway,  there 
are  at  present  eight  members  of  the  Royal  College 
of  Surgeons,  and  three  solicitors;' — and  the 
Limerick  Examiner,  a  few  weeks  ago,  announced 
the  &ct,  that  '  a  gentlewoman  is  now  an  inmate 
of  the  workhouse  of  that  city,  whose  husband,  a 
few  years  ago,  filled  the  office  of  High  Sheriff  of 
the  county.' " 

I  do  not  know  that  either  the  cashier  or  the 
architect  in  the  two  workhouses  in  question  was 
employed  as  a  street-sweeper. 

This  Mcond  class,  then,  are  situated  differently 
to  the  paid  street-sweepers  (or  No.  1  of  the  present 
division),  who  may  be  considered,  more  or  less, 
independent  or  self-supporting  labourers,  while  the 
paupers  are,  of  course,  dependent. 

4.  Tke  "Street  Orderlies" — These  men  present 
another  distinct  body.  They  are  not  merely  in  the 
employment,  but  many  of  them  are  under  the  care, 
of  the  National  Philanthropic  Association,  which 
was  founded  by,  and  is  now  under  the  presidency 
of,  Mr.  Cochrane.  The  objects  of  this  society,  as 
iziX  as  regards  the  street  orderlies'  existence  as  a 
class  of  scavengers,  are  sufficiently  indicated  in  its 
title,  which  declares  it  to  be  "  For  the  Promotion 
of  Street  Cleanliness  and  the  Employment  of  the 
Poor;  so  that  able-bodied  men  may  be  prevented 
from  borthening  the  parish  rates,  and  preserved 
independent  of  workhouse  alms  and  degradation. 
Supported  by  the  contributions  of  the  benevolent." 

The  street  orderlies,  men  and  boys,  are  paid  a 
fixed  weekly  wage,  a  certain  sum  being  stopped 
from  those  single  men  who  reside  in  houses 
rented  for  them  by  tba  oasociation,  where  their 
naalty  -washing,  &c»  an  pcvrided.  Among  them 
are  men  of  maay  calUngi,  and  mom  educated  and 
accomplished  persons. 

The  system  of  street  orderlyism  is,  moreorer, 
distingaished  by  one  attribute  unknown  to  any 
other  mode ;  it  is  an  effort,  persevered  in,  despite 


of  many  hindrances  and  difficulties,  to  amend  our 
street  scavengery,  indeed  to  reform  it  altogether; 
so  that  dust  and  dirt  may  be  checked  in  their  very 
origination. 

The  corporation,  if  I  may  so  describe  it,  of 
the  street  orderlies,  presents  characteristics,  again, 
varying  from  the  other  orders  of  what  can  only 
be  looked  upon  either  as  the  self-supporting  or 
pauper  workers. 

These,  then,  are  the  several  modes  or  methods  of 
street-scavengery,  and  they  show  the  following : — 

Classes  op  Strebt-Swbepino  Euployers. 

(1.)  Traders,  who  undertake  contracts  for 
scavengery  as  a  speculation.  Under  this  de- 
nomination may  be  classed  the  contractors  with 
parishes,  districts,  boards,  liberties,  divisions  and 
subdivisions  of  parishes,  markets,  &c. 

(2.)  Parishes,  who  employ  the  men  as  a  matter 
of  parochial  policy,  with  a  view  to  the  reduction 
of  the  rates,  and  with  little  regard  to  the  men. 

(3.)  Philanthropists,  who  seek,  more  particu- 
larly, to  benefit  the  men  whom  they  employ, 
while  they  strive  to  promote  the  public  good  by 
increasing  public  cleanliness  and  order. 

Under  the  head  of  "  Traders"  are  the  con- 
tractors with  the  parishes,  &c.,  and  the  proprietors 
of  the  sweeping-machines,  who  are  in  the  same 
capacity  as  the  "regular  contractors"  respecting 
their  dealings  with  labourers,  but  who  substitute 
mechanical  for  manual  operations. 

Of  these  several  classes  of  masters  engaged  in 
the  scavengery  of  the  metropolis  I  have  much  to 
say,  and,  for  the  clearer  saying  of  it,  I  shall  treat 
each  of  the  several  varieties  of  labour  separately. 

Op  thb  Contractors  fob  SoAyiproERT. 
Thb  scavenging  of  the  streets  of  the  metropolis  is 
performed  directly  or  indirectly  by  the  authorities 
of  the  several  parishes  "  without  the  City,"  who 
have  the  power  to  levy  rates  for  the  cleansing  of 
the  various  districts ;  within  the  City,  however, 
the  office  is  executed  under  the  direction  of  the 
Court  of  Sewers. 

When  the  cleansing  of  the  streets  is  performed 
indirectly  by  either  the  parochial  or  civic  authori- 
ties, it  is  efiFected  by  contractors,  that  is  to  say,  by 
traders  who  undertake  for  a  certain  sum  to  re- 
move the  street-refuse  at  stated  intervals  and 
under  express  conditions,  and  who  employ  paid 
servants  to  execute  the  work  for  them.  When  it 
is  performed  directly,  the  authorities  employ  la- 
bourers, generally  from  the  workhouse,  and  usujilly 
enter  into  an  agreement  with  some  contractor  for 
the  use  of  his  carts  and  appliances,  together  with 
the  right  to  deposit  in  his  wharf  or  yard  the  refuse 
removed  from  the  streets. 

I  shall  treat  first  of  the  indirect  mode  of 
scavenging — that  is  to  say,  of  cleansing  the  streets 
by  contract — beginning  with  the  contractors, 
setting  forth,  as  near  as  possible,  the  receipts  and 
expenditure  in  connection  with  the  trade,  and 
then  proceeding  in  due  order  to  treat  of  the 
labourers  employed  by  them  in  the  perfommnce 
of  the  task. 

Some  of  the  contractors  agree  with  the  parochial 


210 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


or  district  authorities  to  remove  the  dust  from  the 
house-bins  as  well  as  the  dirt  from  the  streets 
under  one  and  the  same  contract;  some  undertake 
to  execute  these  two  offices  under  separate  con- 
tracts ;  and  some  to  perform  only  one  of  them. 
It  is  most  customary,  however,  for  the  same  con- 
tractor to  serve  the  parish,  especially  the  larger 
parishes,  in  both  capacities. 

There  is  no  established  or  legally  required 
form  of  agreement  between  a  contractor  and  his 
principals;  it  is  a  bargain  in  which  each  side 
strives  to  get  the  best  of  it,  but  in  which  the 
parish  representatives  have  often  to  contend 
against  something  looking  like  a  monopoly ;  a 
very  common  occurrence  in  our  day  when  capital- 
ists choose  to  combine,  which  is  legal,  or  unno- 
ticed, but  very  heinous  on  the  part  of  the 
working  men,  whose  capital  is  only  in  their 
strength  or  skill.  One  contractor,  on  being  ques- 
tioned by  a  gentleman  officially  connected  with  a 
large  district,  as  to  the  existence  of  combination, 
laughed  at  such  a  notion,  but  said  there  might  be 
"  a  sort  of  understanding  one  among  another,"  as 
among  people  who  "  must  look  to  their  own  in- 
terests, and  see  which  way  the  cat  jumped  ;  " 
concluding  with  the  undeniable  assertion  that 
"  no  man  ought  reasonably  to  be  expected  to  ruin 
himself  for  a  parish." 

There  does  not  appear,  however,  to  have  been 
any  countervailing  qualities  on  the  part  of  the 
parishes  to  this  understanding  among  the  con- 
tractors ;  for  some  of  the  authorities  have  found 
themselves,  when  a  new  or  a  renewed  contract 
was  in  question,  suddenly  "  on  the  other  side  of 
the  hedge."  Thus,  in  the  south-west  district  of 
St.  Pancras,  the  contractor,  five  or  six  years  ago, 
paid  lOOZ.  |5er  annum  for  the  removal  and  possession 
of  the  street-dirt,  &c. ;  but  the  following  year  the 
district  authorities  had  to  pay  him  500/.  for  the 
same  labour  and  with  the  same  privileges !  Other 
changes  took  place,  and  in  1848-9  a  contractor 
again  paid  the  district  95^  I  have  shown,  too, 
that  in  Shadwell  the  dust-contractor  now  receives 
450Z.  per  annum,  whereas  he  formerly  ^aiV^  240/. 
To  prove,  however,  that  a  spirit  of  combination 
does  occasionally  exist  among  these  contractors,  I 
may  cite  the  following  minute  from  one  of  the 
parish  books. 

Extract  from  Minute-hooJc,  Nov.  7,  1839. 
Letter  C,  Folio  437. 

"  Commissioner's  Office, 
"  30,  Howland-street, 
"  Nov.  7,  1839. 
"  Report  of  the  Paving  Committee  to  the  General 
Board,  relating  to  the  watering  the  district  for 
the  past  year. 

"  Your  Committee  beg  leave  to  report  that  for 
the  past  three  years  the  sums  paid  by  contract  for 
watering  were  respectively  : — 

"For  1836 £230 

„    1837 220 

„    1838 200 

"  That  in  the  month  of  February  in  the  present 
year  the  Board  advertised  in  the  usual  manner  for 


tenders  to  water  the  district,  when  the  following 
were  received,  viz. : — 

« Mr.  Darke £815 

„    Gore 318 

„    Nicholls       ....       312 

„    Starkey 285 

which  was  the  lowest. 

"  Your  Committee,  anxious  to  prevent  any  in- 
crease in  the  watering-rate  from  being  levied,  and 
considering  the  amount  required  by  the  contrac- 
tors for  this  service  as  excessive  and  exorbitant, 
and  even  evincing  a  spirit  of  combination,  resolved 
to  make  an  inroad  upon  this  system,  and  after 
much  trouble  and  attention  adopted  other  mea- 
sures for  watering  the  district,  the  results  of 
which  they  have  great  pleasure  in  presenting  to 
the  Board,  by  which  it  will  be  seen  that  a  saving 
over  the  very  lowest  of  the  above  tenders  of 
102/.  35.  has  been  effected  ;  the  sum  of  18/.  I85. 
has  been  paid  for  pauper  labour  at  the  same  time. 
Your  Committee  regret  that,  notwithstanding  the 
efforts  of  themselves  and  their  officers,  the  state  of 
insubordination  and  insult  of  most  of  the  paupers 
(in  spite  of  all  encouragement  to  industry)  was 
such,  that  the  Committee,  on  the  12th  of  July 
last,  were  reluctantly  compelled  to  discontinue 
their  services.  The  Committee  cannot  but  con- 
gratulate the  Board  upon  the  result  of  their 
experiment,  which  will  have  the  effect  of  breaking 
up  a  spirit  of  combination  highly  dangerous  to  the 
community  at  large,  at  the  same  time  that  their 
labours  have  caused  a  very  considerable  saving  to 
the  ratepayers ;  and  they  trust  the  work,  con- 
sidering all  the  numerous  disadvantages  under 
which  they  have  laboured,  has  been  performed  in 
a  satisfactory  manner, 

"P.  Cunningham, 
"  Surveyor, 
"  30,  Howland-street,  Fitzroy-square." 

The  following  regulations  sufficiently  show  the 
nature  of  the  agreements  made  between  the  con- 
tractors and  the  authorities  as  to  the  cleansing  of 
the  more  important  thoroughfares  especially.  It 
will  be  seen  that  in  the  regulations  I  quote  every 
street,  court,  or  alley,  must  now  be  swept  daily,  a 
practice  which  has  only  been  adopted  within  these 
few  years  in  the  City. 

"  Sewers'  Office,  Guildhall,  London,  Rakers' 
Duties,*  Midsummer,  1851,  to  Midsummer, 
1852. 

"  Cleansing. 
"  The  whole  surface  of  every  Carriage-way, 
Court,  and  Alley  shall  be  swept  every  day  (Sundays 
excepted),  and  all  mud,  dust,  filth,  and  rubbish, 
all  frozen  or  partially  frozen  matter,  and  snow, 
animal  and  vegetable  matter,  and  everything 
offensive  or  injurious,  shall  be  properly  pecked, 
scraped,  swept  up,  and  carted  away  therefrom  ; 
and  the  iron  gutters  laid  across  or  along  the  foot- 
ways, the  air-grates  over  the  sewers,  the  guUey- 

*  The  reader  will  remember  that  in  the  historical 
sketch  given  of  the  progress  of  public  scavengery.  the 
word  '*  Rakers"  occurred  in  connection  with  the  sworn 
master  scavengers,  &c.,  A:c. ;  the  word  is  now  unknown 
to  the  tiade,  except  that  it  appears  on  city  documents. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


211 


grates  in  the  carriage-way  of  the  streets  respec- 
tively; and  all  public  urinals  are  to  be  daily  raked 
out,  swept,  and  made  clean  and  clear  from  all 
obstructions;  and  the  Contractor  or  Contractors 
shall,  in  time  of  frost,  continually  keep  the 
channels  in  the  Streets  and  Places  clear  for  water 
to  run  off :  and  cleanse  and  cart  away  refuse 
hogan  or  gravel  (when  called  upon  by  the  Inspector 
to  do  so)  from  all  streets  newly  paved. 

"  The  Mud  and  Dirt,  &c.,  is  to  be  carted  away 
immediately  that  it  is  swept  up. 

"  N.B.  The  Inspector  of  the  District  may,  at 
any  time  he  may  think  it  necessary,  order  any 
Street  or  Place  to  be  cleansed  and  swept  a  second 
time  in  any  one  day,  and  the  Contractor  or  Con- 
tractors are  thereupon  bound  to  do  the  same. 

"  The  Markets  and  their  approaches  are  also  to 
be  thus  cleansed  DAILY,  and  the  approaches 
thereto  respectively  are  also  to  be  thus  cleansed  at 
inch  an  hour  in  the  night  of  Saturday  in  each 
week  as  the  Inspector  of  the  District  may  direct. 
"  Every  Street,  Lane,  Square,  Yard,  Court, 
Alley,  Passage,  and  Place  (except  certain  main 
Streets  hereinafter  enumerated),  are  to  be  thus 
cleansed  within  the  following  hours  Daily  : 
namely — 

"In  the  months  of  April,  May,  June,  July, 
August,  and  September.  To  be  begun  not 
earlier  than  4  o'Clock  in  the  morning,  and 
finished  not  later  than  1  o'Clock  in  the  after- 
noon. 
**  In  the  months  of  October,  November,  December, 
January,  February,  and  March.  To  be  begun 
not  earlier  than  5  o'Clock  in  the  morning,  and 
finished  not  later  than  2  o'Clock  in  the  after- 
noon. 

*'  The  following  main  Streets  are  to  be  cleansed 
DAILY  throughout  the  year  (except  Sundays), 
to  be  begun  not  earlier  than  4  o'Clock  in  the 
morning,  and  finished  not  later  than  9  o'Clock  in 
the  morning. 


Fleet  Street 

Ludgate  Hill  and  Street 

St.  Paul's  Church  Yard 

Cheapside 

Newgate  Street 

Poultry 

Watling  Street,  Budge 
Row,  and  Cannon  St. 

Mansion  House  Street 

Comhill 

Leadcnhall  Street 

Aldgate  Street  and  Aid- 
gate 

KingWilliam  Street  and 
London  Bridge 

Fenchurch  Street 

Hoi  bom 

Holbom  Bridge 

Skinner  Street 


I  Old  Bailey 
Lombard  Street 
New  Bridge  Street 
Farringdon  Street 
Aldersgate  Street 
St.  Martin-le-grand 
Prince's  Street 
Moorgate  Street 
The  Street  called  '  The 

Pavement' 
Finsbury  Place,  South 
Gracechurch  Street 
Bishopsgate  St.,  within 

and  without 
The  Minories 
Wood  Street 
Gresham  Street 
Coleman  Street. 


"  N.B.  In  times  of  frost  and  snow  these  hours 
of  executing  the  work  may  be  extended  at  the 
discretion  of  the  Local  Commissioners." 

The  other  conditions  relate  to  the  removal  of 
the  dust  from  the  bouses  (a  subject  I  have  already 


treated),  and  specify  the  fines,  varying  from  \l.  to 
5/.,  to  be  paid  by  the  contractors,  for  the  violation 
or  neglect  of  any  of  the  provisions  of  the  contract. 
It  is  further  required  that  "  Each  Foreman, 
Sweeper,  and  Dustman,  in  the  employ  of  either  cf 
the  Contractors,"  (of  whom  there  are  four,  Messrs. 
Sinnott,  Kooke,  Reddin,  and  Gould),  "  will  be  re- 
quired to  wear  a  Badge  on  the  arm  with  these 
words  thereon, — 

"  *  London  Sewers, 
NO.  — 
Guildhall,' 
by  which  means  any  one  having  cause  of  complaint 
against  any  of  the  men  in  the  performance  of  their 
several  duties,  may,  by  taking  down  the  number 
of  the  man  and  applying  at  the  Sewers'  Office, 
Guildhall,  have  reference  to  his  name  and  em- 
ployer. 

"  Any  man  working  without  his  Badge,  for 
each  day  he  offends,  the  Contractor  is  liable  to 
the  penalty  of  Five  Shillings. 

"  All  the  sweepings  of  the  Streets,  and  all  the 
dust  and  ashes  from  the  Houses,  are  to  be  entirely 
carted  away  from  the  City  of  London,  on  a 
Penalty  of  Ten  Pounds  for  each  cart-load." 

These  terms  sufficiently  show  the  general  nature 
of  the  contracts  in  question  ;  the  principal  differ- 
ence being  that  in  some  parts,  the  contractor  is  not 
required  to  sweep  the  streets  more  than  once,  twice, 
or  thrice  a  week  in  ordinary  weather. 

The  number  of  individuals  in  London  styling 
themselves  Master  Scavengers  is  34.  Of  these, 
10  are  at  present  without  a  contract  either  for 
dust  or  scavenging,  and  5  have  a  contract  for 
removing  the  dust  only  ;  so  that,  deducting  these 
two  numbers,  the  gross  number  34  is  re- 
duced to  19  scavenging  contractors.  Of  the 
latter  number  16  are  in  a  large  way  of  busi- 
ness, having  large  yards,  possessing  several  carts 
and  some  waggons,  and  employing  a  vast  number 
of  men  daily  in  sweeping  the  streets,  carting 
rubbish,  &c.  The  other  3  masters,  however, 
are  only  in  a  small  way  of  business,  being  persons 
of  more  limited  means.  A  large  master  scavenger 
employs  from  3  to  18  carts,  and  from  18  to 
upwards  of  40  men  at  scavengery  alone,  while 
a  small  master  employs  only  from  1  to  3  carts 
and  from  3  to  6  men.  By  the  table  I  have 
given,  p.  186,  vol.  ii.,  it  is  shown  that  there  are 
62  contracts  between  the  several  district  authori- 
ties and  master  scavengers,  and  nineteen  contrac- 
tors, without  counting  members  of  the  same  family, 
as  distinct  individuals  ;  this  gives  an  average  of 
nearly  three  distinct  contracts  per  individual. 
The  contracts  arc  usually  for  a  twelvemonth. 

Although  the  table  above  referred  to  shows 
but  19  contractors  for  public  scavenging,  there 
are,  as  I  have  said,  more,  or  about  24,  in  Lon- 
don, most  of  them  in  a  "  large  way,"  and  next  year 
some  of  those  who  have  no  contracts  at  present 
may  enter  into  agreements  with  the  parishes.  The 
smallness  of  this  number,  when  we  consider  the 
vast  extent  of  the  metropolis,  confirms  the  notion 
of  the  sort  of  monopoly  and  combination  to  which 
I  have  alluded.  In  the  Post-Office  Directory  for 
1851    there   are  no  names  under  the   heads  of 


212 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


Scavencrers  or  Dustmen,  but  under  the  head  of 
"  Rubbish  Carters,"  28  are  given,  9  names  being 
marked  as  "Dust  Contractors" and  10  as  "Night- 
men." 

Of  large  contractors,  however,  there  are,  as  I 
have  said,  about  24,  but  they  may  not  all  obtain 
contracts  every  year,  and  in  this  number  are  in- 
cluded different  members  of  the  same  family  or 
firra,  who  may  undertake  specific  contracts,  al- 
though in  the  trade  it  is  looked  upon  as  "  one 
concern."  The  smaller  contractors  were  repre- 
sented to  me .  as  rather  more  numerous  than  the 
others,  and  perhaps  numbered  40,  but  it  is  not 
easy  to  define  what  is  to  be  accounted  a  contractor. 
In  the  table  given  in  pp.  213,  214, 1  cite  only  7  as 
being  the  better  known.  The  others  may  be  con- 
sidered as  small  rubbish-carters  and  flying-dustmen. 

There  are  yet  other  transactions  in  which  the 
contractors  are  engaged  with  the  parishes,  inde- 
pendently of  their  undertaking  the  whole  labour 
of  street  and  house  cleansing.  In  the  parishes 
where  pauper,  or  "poor"  labour  is  resorted  to — 
for  it  is  not  always  that  the  men  employed  by 
the  parishes  are  positive  "  paupers,"  but  rather 
the  unemployed  poor  of  the  parish  —  in  such 
parishes,  I  say,  an  agreement  is  entered  into  with 
a  contractor  for  the  deposit  of  the  collected  street 
dirt  at  his  yard  or  wharf.  For  such  deposit  the 
contractor  must  of  course  be  paid,  as  it  is  really 
an  occupation  and  renting  of  a  portion  of  his 
premises  for  a  specific  purpose.  The  street  dirt, 
however,  is  usually  left  to  the  disposal  of  the  con- 
tractor, for  his  own  profit,  and  where  he  once 
paid  50^.  for  the  possession  of  the  street-collected 
dirt  of  a  parish,  collected  by  labour  which  was  no 
cost  to  him,  he  may  now  receive  half  of  such  601., 
or  whatever  the  terms  of  the  agreement  may  be. 
I  heard  of  one  contractor  who  lately  received  2bl. 
where  he  once  paid  60^. 

In  another  way,  too,  contractors  are  employed 
by  parishes.  Where  pauper  or  poor  labour  in 
street  cleansing  is  the  practice,  a  contractor's  horses, 
carts,  and  cart-drivers  are  hired  for  the  convey- 
ance of  the  dirt  from  the  streets.  This  of  course 
is  for  a  specific  payment,  and  is  in  reality  the  work 
of  the  tradesmen  who  in  the  Post  Office  Directory 
are  described  as  "  Eubbish  Carters,"  and  of  whom 
I  shall  have  to  speak  afterwards.  Some  parishes 
or  paving  boards  have,  however,  their  own  horses 
and  vehicles,  but  in  the  other  respects  they  have 
dealings  with  the  contractors. 

To  come  to  as  correct  a  conclusion  as  possible 
in  this  complicated  and  involved  matter,  I  have 
obtained  the  aid  of  some  gentlemen  long  familiar 
with  such  procedures.  One  of  them  said  that  to 
procure  the  accounts  of  such  transactions  for  a 
series  of  years,  with  all  their  chops  and  changes, 
or  to  obtain  a  perfectly  precise  return,  for  any 
three  years,  affecting  the  whole  metropolis,  would 
be  the  work  of  a  parliamentary  commission  with 
full  powers  "  to  send  for  papers,"  &c.,  &c.,  and 
that  even  then  the  result  might  not  be  satisfactory 
as  a  clear  exposition.  However,  with  the  aid  of 
the  gentlemen  alluded  to,  I  venture  upon  the 
following  approximation. 

As   my   present   inquiry   relates   only  to   the 


Scavenging  Contractors  in  the  metropolis,  I  will 
take  the  number  of  districts,  markets,  &c.,  which 
are  specified  in  the  table,  p.  186,  vol.  ii.  These 
are  83  in  number,  of  which  29  are  shown  to  be 
scavenged  by  the  "  parish."  I  will  not  involve  in 
this  computation  any  of  the  more  rural  places 
which  may  happen  to  be  in  the  outskirts  of  the 
metropolitan  area,  but  I  will  take  the  contracts  as 
54,  where  the  contractors  do  the  entire  work,  and 
as  29  where  they  are  but  the  rubbish-carters  and 
dirt  receivers  of  the  parishes. 

I  am  assured  that  it  is  a  fair  calculation  that 
the  scavengery  of  the  streets,  apart  from  the  re- 
moval of  the  dust  from  the  houses,  costs  in  pay- 
ments to  the  contractors,  150/.  as  an  average,  to 
each  of  the  several  54  districts ;  and  that  in  the 
29  localities  in  which  the  streets  are  cleansed  by 
parish  labour,  the  sum  paid  is  at  the  rate  of  50/. 
per  locality,  some  of  them,  as  the  five  districts  of 
Marylebone  for  instance,  being  very  large.  This 
is  calculated  regardless  of  the  cases  where  parishes 
may  have  their  own  horses  and  vehicles,  for  the 
cost  to  the  rate-payers  may  not  be  very  materially 
different,  between  paying  for  the  hire  of  carts  and 
horses,  and  investing  capital  in  their  purchase  and 
incurring  the  expense  of  wear  and  tear.  The  ac- 
count then  stands  thus  : — 

Parish  payment  on  54  contracts,  150^. 
each £8100 

Parish   payment   on   29  contracts,  501. 
each 1450 


Yearly  total  sum  paid  for  Scavenging  of 
the  Metropolis £9550 

or,  apportioned  among  19  contractors,  upwards  of 
500/.  each;  and  among  83  contracts,  about  115/. 
per  contract.  Even  if  other  contractors  are  em- 
ployed where  parish  labour  is  pursued,  the  cost 
to  the  rate-payers  is  the  same.  This  calculation 
is  made,  as  far  as  possible,  as  regards  scavengery 
alone ;  and  is  independent  of  the  value  of  the 
refuse  collected.  It  is  about  the  scavengery  that 
the  grand  fight  takes  place  between  the  parishes 
and  contractors;  the  house  dust,  being  uninjured 
by  rain  or  street  surface-water,  is  more  available 
for  trade  purposes. 

From  this  it  would  appear  that  the  cost  of 
cleansing  the  streets  of  London  may  be  estimated 
in  round  numbers  at  10,000/.  per  annum. 

The  next  point  in  the  inquiry  is.  What  is  the 
value  of  the  street  dirt  annually  collected  ? 

The  price  I  have  adduced  for  the  dirt  gained 
from  the  streets  is  3«.  per  load,  which  is  a  very 
reasonable  average.  If  the  load  be  dung,  or  even 
chiefly  dung,  it  is  worth  5s.  or  Qs.  With  the 
proportion  of  dung  and  street  refuse  to  be  found 
in  such  a  thoroughfare  as  the  Haymarket,  in  dry, 
or  comparatively  dry  weather,  a  load,  weighing 
about  a  ton,  is  worth  about  3*.  in  the  purchaser's 
own  cart.  On  the  other  hand,  as  I  have  shown 
that  quantities  of  mixed  or  slop  "  mac  "  have  to  be 
wasted,  that  some  is  sold  at  a  nominal  price,  and 
a  good  deal  at  1*.  the  load,  Zs.  is  certainly  a  fair 
average. 

Thus  the  annual  sum  of  the  street-dirt,  as  re- 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


213 


A  TABLE  SHOWING  THE  NUMBER  OF  MEN  AND  CARTS  EM- 
PLOYED  IN  COLLECTING  DUST,  IN  SCAVENGERY,  AND  AT 
RUBBISH  CARTING,  AS  WELL  AS  THE  NUMBER  OF  MEN, 
WOMEN,  AND  BOYS  WORKING  IN  THE  DUST-YARDS  OF  THE 
SEVERAL  METROPOLITAN  CONTRACTORS. 


Contractors  (Large). 


Mr. 


Dodd 

Gould    

Redding    

(Jore  

Rooke    

StapIeton&Holdsworth 

Tame     

Starkey , 

Newman    , 

Pratt  and  Sewell  ... 
W.  Sinnott,  Sen.  ... 

J.  Sinnott 

Westley    

Parsons 

Heame 

Humphries    

Calvert 


Number'  ,      . 
of  Men  Number 
em-      of  Carts 
ployed.      ««^- 


Contracton  ^mall), 

Mr.  North    

„    Milton  

„    Jenkins 

„    Stroud  

„    Martin  

„    Clutterbuck  

„    W.  Sinnott,  Jon.  . 


Contractors,  bat  not  having 

any  contract  at  present, 

only  carting  nibbisb,  &c. 

Mr.  Darke    , 

„    Tomkins    

„    J.  Coopv 

„    T.  Conper,  Sen. 

„    AthiU    

„    Bamett  (lately  sold  o£f) 

M    Brown  

n    Bllii 


Bmmerson. 


20 
20 
32 
32 
16 
10 
20 
10 

8 
10 
28 

8 
10 
10 
18 
20 


278 


S2 


10 

10 

16 

16 

8 

5 

10 

5 

4 

5 

14 

4 

6 

5 

9 

10 

3 


139 


16 


Scavoagery. 


Rubbish  Carting.      Working  iu  the  Yard. 


Number| 
Number  of  Carts,  Number 


of  Men 

em- 
ployed. 


26 

28 

41 

18 

16 

11 

5 

22 

23 

4 

5 

16 

18 

18 

7 

4 


262 


2 
none. 

5 
none. 

6 
none, 
ditto. 


13 


Wag 
gons,  or 

Ma- 
chines 
used. 


13 

11 

18 

7 


3 

2 

1 
none. 


107 


1 
none. 

1 
none. 

3 
none, 
ditto. 


of  Men 

em- 
ployed. 


Number 

of  Carts 

used 


20 

11 

22 
none. 

16 

10 

12 

none. 

8 

20 
none, 
ditto, 
ditto, 
ditto. 
20 


152 


4 
none, 
ditto, 
ditto, 
ditto. 

5 


15 


04 


20 

11 

22 
none. 

16 

10 

12 

none. 

8 

20 
none, 
ditto, 
ditto, 
ditto. 

20 
6 
7 


Number 
of  Men 

em- 
ployed. 


men  em- 
ployed. 


152 


4 
none, 
ditto, 
ditto, 
ditto. 

5 

6 


15 


8 

12 
6 

4 
6 

10 
6 

94 


5 
5 
4 
2 

4 
4 
4 
4 
2 
5 
none. 
3 
2 
3 


Number  Number 
of  Wo-  of  Boys 


61 


IS- 
IS 

12 
20 


12 

8 

6 

15 

none.' 


12 


161 


work- 
ing. 


4 
4 
4 
6 
3 
2 
2 
3 
2 
2 
5 
none. 
2 
1 
3 
3 
2 


48 


10 


214 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"Woods  and  Forests  , 

Regent-street  and  Pall-mall 
St.  Martin's 

Parishes. 

Kensington* 

Chelsea  * 

St.  George's,  Hanover-sq.*  , 
St.  Margaret' 5,  Westminster' 

Piccadilly*   

St.  Ann's,  Soho* 

Paddington  *    

St.Marylebone*  (5  Districts) 
St.  James's,  "Westminster.. 

Hampstead   \ 

Highgate 

Islington*    

Hackney  

St.  Clement  Danes  *     

Commercial-road,  East*  .. 

Poplar  

Bermondsey 

Newington    

Lambeth  * 

Ditto  (Christchurch) 

"Wandsworth     

Camberwell  and  "Walworth 

Rotherhithe  

Greenwich    

Deptford   

Woolwich 

Lewisham 

Total  for  Parishes     


Total  for  large  contractors  . 
Total  for  small  contractors  . 

Total  for  machines    

Total  for  street  orderlies  ... 


Gross  total 


Dust. 


Men.        Carts. 


none, 
ditto, 
ditto. 


none, 
ditto, 
ditto. 


No  parochial  re- 
moval of  dust, 
ditto. 


4 
6 
8 

4 

4 

8 

6 

4 

4 
none, 
ditto. 


56 


278 
32 


366 


3 
4 

"2 

2 

4 

3 

2 

2 
none, 
ditto 


28 


139 
16 


183 


Scavengers. 


218 


262 
13 
25 
60 


578 


Men.    Carts. 


2  machines,    none. 
2         „  ditto. 

4  „  ditto. 


3  Tv:iggons. 

3  cnrts. 

1 

3 

2 

3 

3 

1 

2 

2 

2 

2 


50  carts. 
3  waggons. 

107 
5 

8  machines. 
9 


none, 
ditto, 
ditto. 


Employed  in  Yard. 


Men.  Women.  Children 


none, 
ditto, 
ditto, 


179  carts. 
3  waggons. 


152 
15 


167 


152 
15 


167 


16 


none, 
ditto, 
ditto. 


iQ 


161 
26 


none, 
ditto, 
ditto. 


233 


16 


Men.  Carts. 

Totil  employed  at  dust  366  183 

„  „  scavenging    578  179 

,,  „  rubbish  c.irting 167  167 

„     (men,  women,  and  children),  in  yard  396 

Total  employed  in  the  removal  of  house  and  street  refuse  1507  529 

*  The  parishes  marked  thus  *  have  their  dustmen  and  dust-carts,  as  well  as  the  rubbish  carting  and  the  indi- 
viduals in  the  dust-yard,  reckoned  in  the  numbers  employed  by  the  contractors. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


gards  the  quantity  collected  by  the  contracting 
«carengers  (as  sliuwu  in  the  table  given  at  page 
1S6),  is,  in  round  numbers,  89,000  cart-loads; 
that  collected  by  parish  labour,  with  or  without 
the  aid  of  the  street-sweeping  machines,  at  62,000 
cart-loads,  or  a  total  (I  do  not  include  what  is 
collected  by  the  orderlies)  of  141,000  loads. 

This  result  shows,  then,  that  the  contractors 
yearly  collect  by  scavenging  the  streets  with  their 
own  paid  labourers,  and  receive  as  the  produce  of 
pauper  labour,  as  follows  : — 


Loads  of 
Street  Dirt. 

Per 
Load. 

8*. 

Total. 

By  Contractors      . 
By  Parishes     .     . 

89,000 
52,000 

£13,850 
7,800 

Total    .     .      141,000 

£21,150 

or  a  value  of  rather  more  than  1113/.  as  the  re- 
turn to  each  individual  contractor  in  the  table,  or 
about  255/.  as  the  average  on  each  contract. 
As,  however,  the  whole  of  the  parish-collected 
manure  does  not  come  into  the  hands  of  the 
contractors,  it  will  be  fair,  I  am  assured,  to 
compute  the  total  at  19,000/.,  a  sum  of  1000/.  to 
each  contractor,  or  nearly  229/.  on  each  contract. 

It  would  appear,  then,  that  the  total  receipts  of 
the  contractors  for  the  scavenging  of  London 
amount  to  very  nearly  30,000/. ;  that  is  to  say, 
10,000/.  as  remuneration  for  the  office,  and 
20,000/.  as  the  value  of  the  dirt  collected.  But 
against  this  sum  as  received,  we  have  to  set  the 
gross  expense  of  wages  paid  to  men,  wear  and 
tear  of  carts  and  appliances,  rent  of  wharfs, 
interest  for  money,  &c. 

Concerning  the  amount  paid  in  wages,  it  ap- 
pears by  the  table  at  pp.  186,  187,  that  the  men 
employed  by  the  scavenging  contractors  in  wet 
weather,  are  260  daily  (being  nearly  half  of 
the  whole  force  of  531  men,  the  orderlies 
excepted).  In  dry  weather,  however,  there  are 
only  194  men  employed.  I  will  therefore  calcu- 
late upon  194  men  employed  daily,  and  66  em- 
ployed half  the  year,  making  the  total  of  260.  By 
the  table  here  given,  it  will  be  seen  that  the  total 
number  of  scavengers  employed  by  the  large  and 
small  contractors,  is  275. 


Number  of  Men. 

Weekly  Wage. 

Yearly. 

194  (for  12  months) 
66  (for  6  months) 

16*.* 
16/. 

£8070    8*. 
1372  16*. 

Total    .    . 

£9448    4s. 

There  remains  now  to  show  the  amonnt  of 

capital  which  a  large  contractor  mutt  embark  in 
bis  business:  I  include  the  amount  of  rent,  and  the 
expenditure  on  what  must  be  provided  for  busi- 
ness purposes,  and  which  is  sabject  to  wear  and 
tear,  to  decay,  and  loss. 

♦  I  have  eonputed  all  the  weekly  wafcs  at  1(U.. 
though  SOTM  of  ihe  men  are  f>aid  only  io.  By  object  in 
this  u  toflvetheeomncton  the  benefit  of  thedlflerence. 


£      *. 

d. 

3,759     0 

0 

96     0 

0 

5,750     0 

0 

460     0 

0 

22  10 

0 

15     0 

0 

5,000     0 

0 

15,102  10 

0 

215 


There  are  not  now,  I  am  -told,  more  than  twelve 
scavengers'  wharfs  and  20  yards  (the  wharf  being 
also  a  yard)  in  the  possession  of  the  contractors  in 
regular  work.  These  are  the  larger  contractors, 
and  their  capital,  I  am  assured,  may  be  thus  esti- 
mated : — 

CAriTAL   OF   THE    MASTER   SCAVENGERS. 


179  Carts,  21/.  each 

3  Waggons,  32/.  each    . 
230  Horses,  25/.  each 
230  Sets  of  harness,  2/.  each 
600  Brooms,  9d.  each 
300  Shovels,  Is.  each 
100  Barges,  50/.  each 

Total      . 


I  have  estimated  according  to  what  may  be  the 
present  value,  not  the  original  cost,  of  the  imple- 
ments, vehicles,  &c.  A  broom,  when  new,  costs 
Is.  2(/.,  and  is  worn  out  in  two  or  three  weeks. 
A  shovel,  when  new,  costs  2^. 

The  following  appears  to  be  the 

Yearly   Expenditure  of  tue  Master 
Scavengers. 

£    s.  d. 

Wages  to  working  scavengers  (as 
before  shown) 9,443  0  0 

Wages  to  48  bargemen,  engaged  in 
unloading  the  vessels  with  street-dirt, 
4  men  to  each  of  12  wharfs,  at  16*. 
weekly  wage 1,996  0  0 

Keep  of  300  horses  (26/.  each)     .     7,800  0  0 

Wear  and  tear  (say  15  per  cent, 
on  capital) 2,250  0  0 

Rent  of  20  wharfs  and  yards 
(average  100/.  each)         .         .         .     2,000  0  0 

Interest  on  16,000/.  capital,  at  10 
per  cent. 1,500  0  0 


£24,989  0  0 


I  have  endeavoured  in  this  estimate  to  confine 
myself,  as  much  as  possible,  to  the  separate  subject 
of  scavengery,  but  it  must  be  borne  in  mind  that 
as  the  large  contractors  are  dustmen  as  well  as 
scavengers,  the  great  charges  for  rent  and  barges 
cannot  be  considered  as  incurred  solely  on  account 
of  the  street-dirt  trade.  Including,  then,  the  pay- 
ments from  parishes,  the  accoimt  will  8t;iud 
thus  :— 

Yearly  Receipts  of  Master  Scavekoers. 
From  Parishes  ....  £9,450 
From  Manure,  &c.         .        ,         .   19,000 

Total  Income  ....  £28,450 
Deduct  yearly  Expenditure        .       25,000 

Profit        ,       £3,450 

This  gives  a  profit  of  nearly  182/.  to  each  con- 
tractor, if  equally  apportioned,  or  a  little  more 
than  41/.  on  each  contract  for  street-scavenging 


216 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR, 


alone,  and  a  profit  no  doubt  affected  by  circum- 
stances which  cannot  very  well  be  reduced  to 
figures.  The  profit  may  appear  small,  but  it  should 
be  remembered  that  it  is  independent  of  the  profits 
on  the  dust 

Of  the  Contractors'  (or  Employers') 
Premises,  &c. 
At  page  171  of  the  present  volume  I  have  de- 
scribed one  of  the  j-ards  devoted  to  the  trade  in 
house-dust,  and  I  have  little  to  say  in  addition 
regarding  the  premises  of  the  contracting  or  em- 
ploying scavengers.  They  are  the  same  places. 
and  the  industrious  pursuits  carried  on  there,  and 
the  division  and  subdivision  of  labour,  relate  far 
more  to  the  dustmen's  department  than  to  the 
scavengers'.  When  the  produce  of  the  sweeping 
of  the  streets  has  been  thrown  into  the  cart,  it  is 
so  far  ready  for  use  that  it  has  not  to  be  sifted  or 
prepared,  as  has  the  house-dust,  for  the  formation 
of  brieze,  &c.,  the  "mac  "  being  sifted  by  the 
purchaser. 

These  yards  or  wharfs  are  far  less  numerous 
and  better  conducted  now  than  they  were  ten 
years  ago.  They  are  at  present  fast  disappearing 
from  the  banks  of  the  Thames  (there  is,  how- 
ever, one  still  at  "Whitefriars  and  one  at  Milbank). 
They  are  chiefly  to  be  found  on  the  banks  of  the 
canals.  Some  of  the  principal  wharfs  near 
Maiden-lane,  St.  Pancras,  are  to  be  found  among 
unpaven,  or  ill-paved,  or  imperfectly  macadamized 
roads,  along  which  run  rows  of  what  were  once 
evidently  pleasant  suburban  cottages,  with  their 
green  porches  and  their  trained  woodbine,  clematis, 
jasmine,  or  monthly  roses ;  these  tenements,  how- 
ever, are  now  occupied  chiefly  by  the  labourers  at 
the  adjacent  stone,  coal,  lime,  timber,  dust,  and 
general  wharfs.  Some  of  the  cottages  still  pre- 
sented, on  my  visits,  a  blooming  display  of  dahlias 
and  other  autumnal  flowers ;  and  in  one  comer  of 
a  very  large  and  very  black-looking  dust-yard,  in 
which  rose  a  huge  mound  of  dirt,  was  the  cottage 
residence  of  the  man  who  remained  in  charge  of 
the  wharf  all  night,  and  whose  comfortable-look- 
ing abode  was  embedded  in  flowers,  blooming 
luxuriantly.  The  gay-tinted  holly-hocks  and 
dahlias  are  in  striking  contrast  with  the  dinginess 
of  the  dust-yards,  while  the  canal  flows  along, 
dark,  sluggish,  and  muddy,  as  if  to  be  in  keep- 
ing with  the  wharf  it  washes. 

The  dust-yards  must  not  be  confounded  with 
the  "  night-yards,"  or  the  places  where  the  con- 
tents of  the  cess-pools  are  deposited,  places  which, 
since  the  passing  of  the  Sanatory  Act,  are  rapidly 
disappearing. 

Upon  entering  a  dust-yard  there  is  generally 
found  a  heavy  oppressive  sort  of  atmosphere, 
more  especially  in  wet  or  damp  weather.  This  is 
owing  to  the  tendency  of  charcoal  to  absorb  gases, 
and  to  part  with  them  on  being  saturated  with 
moisture.  The  cinder-heaps  of  the  several  dust- 
yards,  with  their  million  pores,  are  so  many  huge 
gasometers  retaining  all  the  offensive  gases  arising 
from  the  putrefying  organic  matters  which  usually 
accompany  them,  and  partingwith  such  gases  imme- 
diately on  a  fall  of  rain.     It  would  be  a  curious 


calculation  to  estimate  the  quantity  of  deleterious 
gas  thus  poured  into  the  atmosphere  after  a 
slight  shower. 

The  question  has  been  raised  as  to  the  propriety 
of  devoting  some  special  locality  to  the  purposes 
of  dust-yards,  and  it  is  certainly  a  question  de- 
serving public  attention. 

The  chief  disposal  of  the  street  manure  is  from 
barges,  sent  by  the  Thames  or  along  the  canals, 
and  sold  to  farmers  and  gardeners.  In  the  larger 
wharfs,  and  in  those  considered  removed  from 
the  imputation  of  "  scurfdom,"  six  men,  and  often 
but  four,  are  employed  to  load  a  barge  which 
contains  from  30  to  40  tons.  In  such  cases  the 
dust-yard  and  the  wharf  are  one  and  the  same 
place.  The  contents  of  these  barges  are  mixed, 
about  one-fourth  being  "  mac,"  the  rest  street-mud 
and  dung.  This  admixture,  on  board  the  vessel, 
is  called  by  the  bargemen  and  the  contractors' 
servants  at  the  wharfs  Leicester  (properly  Laesta, 
a  load).  "We  have  the  same  term  at  the  end  of 
our  word  bal-^as^ 

I  am  assured  by  a  wharfinger,  who  has  every 
means  of  forming  a  correct  judgment,  it  may 
be  estimated  that  there  are  dispatched  from  the 
contractors'  wharfs  twelve  barges  daily,  freighted 
with  street-manure.  This  is  independent  of  the 
house-dust  barged  to  the  country  brick-fields. 
The  weight  of  the  cargo  of  a  barge  of  manure 
is  about  40  tons;  36  tons  being  a  low  average. 
This  gives  3744  barge-loads,  or  132,784  tons, 
or  loads,  yearly  ;  for  it  must  be  recollected 
that  the  dirt  gathered  by  pauper  labour  is  dis- 
patched from  the  contractors'  yards  or  wharfs, 
as  well  as  that  collected  by  the  immediate  servants 
of  the  contractors.  The  price  per  barge-load  at 
the  canal,  basin,  or  wharf,  in  the  country  parts 
where  agriculture  flourishes,  is  from  51.  to  6/., 
making  a  total  of  20,594^.  The  difference  of  that 
sum,  and  the  total  given  in  the  table  (21,147^.) 
may  be  accounted  for  on  the  supposition  that  the 
remainder  is  sold  in  the  yards  and  carted  away 
thence.  The  slop  and  valueless  dirt  is  not  included 
in  this  calculation. 

Of  the  Working  Soavenqebs  under  the 
Contractors. 
I  HAVE  now  to  deal  with  what  throughout  the 
Avhole  course  of  my  inquiry  into  the  state  of 
London  Labour  and  the  London  Poor  I  have  con- 
sidered the  great  object  of  investigation — ^the 
condition  and  characteristics  of  the  working  men  ; 
and  what  is  more  immediately  the  *•  labour  ques- 
tion," the  relation  of  the  labourer  to  his  employer, 
as  to  rates  of  payment,  modes  of  payment,  hiring 
of  labourers,  constancy  or  inconstancy  of  work, 
supply  of  hands,  the  many  points  concerning 
wages,  perquisites,  family  work,  and  parochial  or 
club  relief. 

First,  I  shall  give  an  account  of  the  class  em- 
ployment, together  with  the  labour  season  and 
earnings  of  the  labourers,  or  "economical"  part  of 
the  subject.  I  shall  then  pass  to  the  social  points, 
concerning  their  homes,  general  expenditure, 
&c.,  and  then  to  the  more  moral  and  intellectual 
questions  of  education,  literature,  politics,  religion. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


217 


mmriagc,  Mid  concubinage  of  tlie  men  and  of  their 
famines.  All  this  will  refer,  it  should  be  remem- 
bered, only  to  the  working  scavagers  in  the 
honourable  or  better  -  paid  trade ;  the  cheaper 
labourers  I  shall  treat  separately  as  a  distinct 
class ;  the  details  in  both  cases  I  shall  illustrate 
with  the  statement  of  men  of  the  class  de- 
scribed. 

The  first  part  of  this  multifarious  subject  apper- 
tains to  the  division  of  labour.  This  in  the 
■cavaging  trade  consists  rather  of  that  kind  of 
**  gang-work  "  which  Mr.  Wakefield  styles  "simple 
co-operation,"  or  the  working  together  of  a  number 
of  people  at  the  same  thing, as  opposed  to  "complex 
co-operation,"  or  the  working  together  of  a  number 
at  different  branches  of  the  same  thing.  Simple 
co-operation  is  of  course  the  ruder  kind ;  but  even 
this,  rude  as  it  appears,  is  far  from  being  bar- 
baric, "  The  savages  of  New  Holland,"  we  are 
told,  "never  help  each  other  even  in  the  most 
simple  operations ;  and  their  condition  is  hardly 
superior — in  some  respects  it  is  inferior — to  that 
of  the  wild  animals  which  they  now  and  then 
catch." 

As  an  instance  of  the  advantages  of  **  simple 
co-operation,"  Mr.  Wakefield  tells  us  that  '*  in  a 
▼ast  nmnber  of  simple  operations  performed  by 
human  exertion,  it  is  quite  obvious  that  two  men 
working  together  will  do  more  than  four,  or  four 
times  four  men,  each  of  whom  should  work  alone. 
In  the  lifting  of  heavy  weights,  for  example,  in 
the  felling  of  trees,  in  the  gathering  of  much  hay 
and  com  during  a  short  period  of  fine  weather, 
in  draining  a  large  extent  of  land  during  the 
short  season  when  such  a  work  may  be  properly 
conducted,  in  the  pulling  of  ropes  on  board  ship, 
in  the  rowng  of  large  boats,  in  some  mining 
operations,  in  the  erection  of  a  scaffolding  for  a 
building,  and  in  the  breaking  of  stones  for  the 
repair  of  a  road,  so  that  the  whole  road  shall 
always  be  kept  in  good  repair— in  all  these 
simple  operations,  and  thousands  more,  it  is 
absolutely  necessary  that  many  persons  should 
work  together  at  the  same  time,  in  the  same  place, 
and  in  the  same  way." 

To  the  above  instances  of  simple  co-operation, 
or  gang-working,  as  it  may  be  briefly  styled  in 
Saxon  English,  Mr.  Wakefield  might  have  added 
dock  labour  and  scavaging. 

The  principle  of  complex  co-operation,  however, 
is  not  entirely  unknown  in  the  public  cleansing 
trade.  This  business  consists  of  as  many  branches 
as  thers  are  distinct  kinds  of  refuse,  and  these 

rar  to  Iw  ibnr.  There  are  (1)  the  wet  and  (2) 
drjr  AoiMS-N6ue  (or  dust  and  night-soil), 
and  (8)  tlM  w«t  and  (4)  the  dry  streettei\we  (or 
mad  and  nthfassh) ;  and  in  these  four  different 
brandMt  of  tke  «ae  feaaral  trade  the  principle 
of  Comdex  co-openUion  is  found  commonly, 
though  not  invariably,  to  prevail 

The  diibrenoe  «•  to  the  cUus  employments  of 
^  gencfal  body  of  public  cleansers— the  dust- 
Ben,  ttiMi-aweepers,  uightmen,  and  rubbish 
earten — Memf  to  be  this:— any  nightman  will 
work  as  a  dustman  or  scavager ;  but  it  is  not  all 
the  dustmen  and  scavagcrs  who   will   work  as 


nightmen.  The  reason  is  almost  obvious.  The 
avocations  of  the  dustman  and  the  nightman  are 
in  some  degree  hereditary.  A  rude  man  provides 
for  the  future  maintenance  of  his  sons  in  the  way 
which  is  most  patent  to  his  notice;  he  makes  the 
boy  share  in  his  own  labour,  and  grow  up  unfit 
for  anything  else. 

The  regular  working  scavagers  are  then  gene- 
rally a  distinct  class  from  the  working  dustmen, 
and  are  all  paid  by  the  week,  while  the  dustmen 
are  paid  by  the  load.  In  very  wet  weather,  when 
there  is  a  great  quantity  of  "  slop  "  in  the  streets, 
a  dustman  is  often  called  upon  to  lend  a  helping 
hand,  and  sometimes  when  a  working  scavager 
is  out  of  employ,  in  order  to  keep  himself  from 
want,  he  goes  to  a  "job  of  dust  work,"  but  sel- 
dom from  any  other  cause. 

In  a  parish  where  there  is  a  crowded  popula- 
tion, the  dustman's  labours  consume,  on  an 
average,  from  six  to  eight  hours  a  day.  In 
scavagery,  the  average  hours  of  daily  work  are 
twelve  (Sundays  of  course  excepted),  but  they  some- 
times extended  to  fifteen,  and  ev«n  sixteen  hours, 
in  places  of  great  business  trafiic;  while  in  very 
fine  dry  weather,  the  twelve  hours  may  be 
abridged  by  two,  three,  four,  or  even  more.  Thus 
it  is  manifest  that  the  consumption  of  time  alone 
prevents  tlie  same  working  men  being  simulta- 
neously dustmen  and  scavagers.  In  the  more 
remote  and  quiet  parishes,  however,  and  under  the 
management  of  the  smaller  contractors,  the  oppo- 
site arrangement  frequently  exists;  the  operative  is 
a  scavager  one  day,  and  a  dustman  the  next.  This 
is  not  the  case  in  the  busier  districts,  and  with  the 
large  contractors,  unless  exceptionally,  or  on  an 
emergency. 

If  the  scavagers  or  dustmen  have  completed 
their  street  and  house  labours  in  a  shorter  time 
than  usual,  there  is  generally  some  sort  of  em- 
ployment for  them  in  the  yards  or  wharfs  of  the 
contractors,  or  they  may  sometimes  avjiil  them- 
selves of  their  leisure  to  enjoy  themselves  in  their 
own  way.  In  many  parts,  indeed,  as  I  have 
shown,  the  street-sweeping  must  be  finished  by 
noon,  or  earlier. 

Concerning  the  division  of  labour,  it  may  be 
said,  that  the  principle  of  complex  co-operation  in 
the  scavaging  trade  exists  only  in  its  rudest  form, 
for  the  characteristics  distinguishing  the  labour  of 
the  working  scavagers  are  far  from  being  of  that 
complicated  nature  common  to  many  other  callings. 

As  regards  the  act  of  sweeping  or  scraping  the 
streets,  the  labour  is  performed  by  the  fjanysmati 
and  his  gang.  The  gangsman  usually  loads  the 
cart,  and  occasionally,  when  a  number  are  em- 
ployed in  a  district,  acts  as  a  foreman  by  superin- 
tending them,  and  giving  directions;  he  is  a 
working  scavager,  but  has  the  office  of  over- 
looker confided  to  him,  and  receives  a  higher 
amount  of  wage  than  the  others. 

For  the  completion  of  the  stree^work  there  are 
the  one-horse  carmen  and  the  two-horse  carmen, 
who  are  also  working  scavagers,  and  so  called 
from  their  having  to  load  the  carts  drawn  by  one 
or  two  horses.  These  are  the  men  who  shovel 
into  the  cart  the  dirt  swept  or  scraped  to  one 


^o.  XXXIX. 


218 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


side  of  the  public  way  by  the  gang  (some  of  it 
mere  slop),  and  then  drive  the  cart  to  its  desti- 
nation, which  is  generally  their  master's  yard. 
Thus  far  only  does  the  street-labour  extend.  The 
carmen  have  the  care  of  the  vehicles  in  cleaning 
them,  greasing  the  wheels,  and  such  like,  but  the 
horses  are  usually  groomed  by  stablemen,  who  are 
not  employed  in  the  streets. 

The  division  of  labour,  then,  among  the  work- 
ing scavagers,  may  be  said  to  be  as  follows  : — 

1st.  The  ganger,  whose  office  it  is  to  superin- 
tend the  gang,  and  shovel  the  dirt  into  the  cart. 

2nd.  The  gang,  which  consists  of  from  three  to 
ten  or  twelve  men,  who  sweep  in  a  row  and  collect 
the  dirt  in  heaps  ready  for  the  ganger  to  shovel 
into  the  cart. 

8rd.  The  carman  (one-horse  or  two-horse,  as 
the  case  maj'  be),  who  attends  to  the  horse  and 
cart,  brushes  the  dirt  into  the  ganger's  shovel,  and 
assists  the  ganger  in  wet  sloppy  weather  in  cart- 
ing the  dirt,  and  then  takes  the  mud  to  the  place 
where  it  is  deposited. 

There  is  only  one  mode  of  payment  for  the  above 
labours  pursued  among  the  master  scavagers,  and 
that  is  by  the  week. 

Ist.  The  ganger  receives  a  weekly  salary  of 
I85.  when  working  for  an  "  honourable  "  master  ; 
with  a  "  scurf,"  however,  the  ganger's  pay  is  but 
\Qs.  a  week. 

2nd.  The  gang  receive  in  a  large  establishment 
each  16*.  per  week,  but  in  a  small  one  they  usually 
get  from  145.  to  155.  a  week.  When  working 
for  a  small  master  they  have  often,  by  working 
over  hours,  to  "make  eight  days  to  the  week 
instead  of  six." 

3rd.  The  one-horse  carman  receives  I65.  a  week 
in  a  large,  and  15*.  in  a  small  establishment. 

4th.  The  two-horse  carman  receives  I85.  weekly, 
but  is  employed  only  by  the  larger  masters. 
On  the  opposite  page  I  give  a  table  on  this 

Some  of  these  men  are  paid  by  the  day,  some 
by  the  week,  and  some  on  Wednesdays  and 
Saturdays,  perhaps  in  about  equal  proportions, 
the  "  casuals  "  being  mostly  paid  by  the  day,  and 
the  regular  hands  (with  some  exceptions  among 
the  scurfs)  once  or  twice  a  week.  The  chance 
hands  are  sometimes  engaged  for  a  half  day, 
and,  as  I  was  told,  "jump  at  a  bob  and  a  joey 
(I5.  4(Z.),  or  at  a  bob."  I  heard  of  one  contractor 
who*  not  unfrequently  said  to  any  foreman  or 
gangsman  who  mentioned  to  him  the  applications 
for  work,  "  0,  give  the  poor  devils  a  turn,  if  it 's 
only  for  a  day  now  and  then." 

Piece-v:or]c,  or,  as  the  scavagers  call  it,  "  by  the 
load,"  did  at  one  time  prevail,  but  not  to  any  great 
extent.  The  prices  varied,  according  to  the  nature 
and  the  state  of  the  road,  from  2s.  to  2s.  Qd.  the 
load.  The  system  of  piece-work  was  never  liked 
by  the  men ;  it  seems  to  have  been  resorted  to 
less  as  a  system,  or  mode  of  labour,  than  to  insure 
assiduity  on  the  part  of  the  working  scavagers, 
when  a  rapid  street-cleansing  was  desirable.  It 
was  rather  in  the  favour  of  the  working  man's 
individual  emoluments  than  otherwise,  as  may  be 
ehown  in  the  following  way.     In  Battle-bridge, 


four  men  collect  five  loads  in  dry,  and  six  men 
seven  loads  in  wet  weather.  If  the  average 
piece  hire  be  2s.  3(7.  a  load,  it  is  2s.  ^\d.  for  each 
of  the  five  men's  day's  work;  if  2s.  2d.  a  load,  it 
is  2s.  %\d.  (the  regular  wage,  and  an  extra  half- 
penny) ;  if  2s.,  it  is  2s.  6c^. ;  and  if  less  (which 
has  been  paid),  the  day's  wage  is  not  lower  than 
2s.  At  the  lowest  rates,  however,  the  men,  I 
was  informed,  could  not  be  induced  to  take  the 
necessary  pains,  as  they  iconld  struggle  to  "  make 
up  half-a-crown ;"  while,  if  the  streets  were 
scavaged  in  a  slovenly  manner,  the  contractor 
was  sure  to  hear  from  his  friends  of  the  parish 
that  he  was  not  acting  up  to  his  contract.  I 
could  not  hear  of  any  men  now  set  to  piece-work 
within  the  precincts  of  the  places  specified  in  the 
table.  This  extra  work  and  scamping  work  are 
the  two  great  evils  of  the  piece  system. 

In  their  payments  to  their  men  the  contractors 
show  a  superiority  to  the  practices  of  some  traders, 
and  even  of  some  dock-companies — the  men  are 
never  paid  at  public-houses ;  the  payment,  more- 
over, is  always  in  money.  One  contractor  told 
me  that  he  would  like  all  his  men  to  be  tee- 
totallers, if  he  could  get  them,  though  he  was  not 
one  himself. 

But  these  remarks  refer  only  to  the  nominal 
wages  of  the  scavagers ;  and  I  find  the  nominal 
wages  of  operatives  in  many  cases  are  widely  dif- 
ferent (either  from  some  additions  by  way  of 
perquisites,  &c.,  or  deductions  by  way  of  fines, 
&c.,  but  oftener  the  latter)  from  the  actual 
wages  received  by  them.  Again,  the  average 
wages,  or  gross  yearly  income  of  the  casually- 
employed  men,  are  very  different  from  those  of 
the  constant  hands ;  so  are  the  gains  of  a  par- 
ticular individual  often  no  criterion  of  the  general 
or  average  earnings  of  the  trade.  Indeed  I  find 
that  the  several  varieties  of  wages  may  be  classi- 
fied as  follows : — 

1.  Nominal  Wages. — Those  said  to  be  paid  in 
a  trade. 

2.  Actual  Wages. — Those  o-eally  received,  and 
which  are  equal  to  the  nominal  wages,  jahis 
the  additions  to,  or  mimes  the  deductions  from, 
them. 

8.  Casual  Wages.— The  earnings  of  the  men 
who  are  only  occasionally  employed. 

4.  Average  Casual  or  Constant  Wages. — Those 
obtained  throughout  the  year  by  such  as  are 
either  occasionally  or  regularly  employed. 

5.  Individual  Wages.  —  Those  of  particular 
hands,  whether  belonging  to  the  scurf  or  honour- 
able trade,  whether  working  long  or  short  hours, 
whether  partially  or  fully  employed,  and  the  like. 

6.  General  Wages. —  Or  the  average  wages  of 
the  whole  trade,  constant  or  casual,  fully  or  par- 
tially employed,  honourable  or  scurf,  long  and 
short  hour  men,  &c.,  &c.,  all  lumped  together  and 
the  mean  taken  of  the  whole. 

Now  in  the  preceding  account  of  the  working 
scavagers'  mode  and  rate  of  payment  I  have 
spoken  only  of  the  nominal  wages ;  and  in  order 
to  arrive  at  their  actual  wages  we  must,  as  we 
have  seen,  ascertain  what  additions  and  what 
deductions  are  generally  made  to  and  from  this 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


219 


» 
o 

W       . 
O  O 


PS   2 

H   > 


«p. 

P  is 


I"' 

«  o 


1    ^ 

.      o 

B 

CO 

.J 


J 


"Si 


s^ 


3 


I  I 

e  S  S 

I  i  I 

C3  3  U 

5.  7  -a 


£     •-     "3: 

—  c3—  3 


is*  Q 


s     -s 


6     d 

(5   5 


o   c 


—  3 


^i   5    ^ 


S  «      c  s      o      *" 

O  3       --  (S        t)        O 

« o     t:  ><    "u     3 


11    "     ^° 


s  pi 


St  15 


-So.  'ntc  ;r!-2e'° 

o3     -•£  cj  o  g  a<  S 

«  S    .  g  >.-  J.5  jTia 
H        h        H     H 


s-s 


?2     2 


£    "*• 


|3, 


III 


6     6 
Q     Q 


tillis 

3-0  C  O** 


<3  .ji 

1 1 


.-o  -?: 


«  O  S 


;3     <3 


c  t  5  >  he 

3    -S    c 


P.  :S 


•Hi§g 


2.    .§   S.  sg-£5 


5g 
e-3S 


^1  ii 


220 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


amount.  The  deductions  in  the  honourable  trade 
are,  as  usual,  inconsiderable. 

All  the  tools  used  by  operative  scavagers  are 
supplied  to  them  by  their  employers — the  tools 
being  only  brooms  and  shovels ;  and  for  this 
supply  there  are  no  sto;pimges  to  cover  the  ex- 
pense. 

Neither  b}'-  fiiies  nor  by  way  of  security  are 
the  men's  wages  reduced. 

The  truck  si/stem,  moreover,  is  xinknown,  and 
has  never  prevailed  in  the  trade.  I  heard  of  only 
one  instance  of  an  approach  to  it.  A  yard  fore- 
man, some  years  ago,  who  had  a  great  deal  of 
influence  with  his  employer,  had  a  chandler's- 
shop,  managed  by  his  wife,  and  it  was  broadly 
intimated  to  the  men  that  they  must  make  their 
purchases  there.  Complaints,  however,  were 
made  to  the  contractor,  and  the  foreman  dis- 
missed. One  man  of  whom  I  inquired  did  not 
even  know  what  the  "truck  system"  meant;  and 
when  informed,  thought  they  were  "  pretty  safe  " 
from  it,  as  the  contractor  had  nothing  which  he 
coiUd  truck  with  the  men,  and  if  "  he  polls  us 
hisself,"  the  man  said,  "  he  's  not  likely  to  let 
anybody  else  do  it." 

There  are,  moreover,  no  trade-payments  to  which 
the  men  are  subjected;  there  are  no  trade-societies 
among  the  working  men,  no  benefit  nor  sick  clubs; 
neither  do  parochial  relief  and  family  labour 
characterize  the  regular  hands  in  the  honourable 
trade,  although  in  sickness  they  may  have  no  other 
resource. 

Indeed,  the  working  scavagers  employed  by 
the  more  honourable  portion  of  the  trade,  instead 
of  having  any  deductions  made  from  their  nominal 
wages,  have  rather  additions  to  them  in  the  form  of 
perquisites  coming  from  the  public.  These  perqui- 
sites consist  of  allowances  of  beer-money,  obtained 
in  the  same  manner  as  the  dustmen — not  through 
the  medium  of  their  employers  (though,  to  say 
the  least,  through  their  sufferance),  but  from  the 
householders  of  the  parish  in  which  their  labours 
are  prosecuted. 

The  scavagers,  it  seems,  are  not  required  to 
sweep  any  places  considered  "  private,"  nor  even 
to  sweep  the  public  foot-paths ;  and  when  they  do 
sweep  or  carry  away  the  refuse  of  a  butcher's 
premises,  for  instance — for,  by  law,  the  butcher  is 
required  to  do  so  himself — they  receive  a  gratuity. 
In  the  contract  entered  into  by  the  city  sca- 
vagers, it  is  expressly  covenanted  that  no  men 
employed  shall  accept  gratuities  from  the  house- 
holders; a  condition  little  or  not  at  all  regarded, 
though  I  am  told  that  these  gratuities  become  less 
every  year.  I  am  informed  also  by  an  ex- 
perienced butcher,  who  had  at  one  time  a  private 
slaughter-house  in  the  Borough,  that,  until^within 
these  six  or  seven  years,  he  thought  the  sca- 
vagers, and  even  the  dustmen,  would  carry  away 
entrails,  &c,,  in  the  carts,  from  the  butcher's  and 
the  knacker's  premises,  for  an  allowance. 

I  cannot  learn  that  the  contractors,  whether  of 
the  honourable  or  scurf  trade,  take  any  advantage 
of  these  '"'allowances."  A  working  scavager  re- 
ceives the  same  wage,  when  he  enjoys  what  I 
heard  called  in   another   trade    "the  height  of 


perquisites,"  or  is  employed  in  a  locality  where 
there  are  no  such  additions  to  his  wages.  I 
believe,  however,  that  the  contracting  scavagers 
let  their  best  and  steadiest  hands  have  the  best 
perquisited  work. 

These  perquisites,  I  am  assured,  average  from  1*. 
to  2.^  a  week,  but  one  butcher  told  me  he  thought 
Is.  6d.  might  be  rather  too  high  an  average,  for  a 
pint  of  beer  {2d.)  was  the  customary  sum  given, 
and  that  was,  or  ought  to  be,  divided  among  the 
gang.  "  In  my  opinion,"  he  said,  "  there  '11  be 
no  allowances  in  a  year  or  two."  By  the  amount 
of  these  perquisites,  then,  the  scavagei's'  gains  are 
so  far  enhanced. 

The  wages,  therefore,  of  an  operative  scavager 
in  full  employ,  and  working  for  the  "  honourable" 
portion  of  the  trade,  may  be  thus  expressed : — 

Nominal  weekly  Avages  .         .         .         .16s. 

Perquisites  in  the  form  of  allowances 
for  beer  from  the  public      .         .         .         .2s. 


Actual  weekly  wages 


.  11 


Op  the  "Casual  Hands"  among. ina 
Scavagers. 

Of  the  scavagers  proper  there  are,  as  in  all 
classes  of  unskilled  labour,  that  is  to  say,  of 
labour  which  requires  no  previous  apprenticeship, 
and  to  which  any  one  can  "  turn  his  hand  "  on  an 
emergency,  two  distinct  orders  of  workmen,  "  the 
regulars  and  casuals  "  to  adopt  the  trade  terms  ; 
that  is  to  say,  the  labourers  consist  of  those 
who  have  been  many  years  at  the  trade,  con- 
stantly employed  at  it,  and  those  who  have  but 
recently  taken  to  it  as  a  means  of  obtaining  a 
subsistence  after  their  ordinary  resoxxrces  have 
failed.  This  mixture  of  constant  and  casual  hands 
is,  moreover,  a  necessary  consequence  of  all  trades 
which  depend  upon  the  seasons,  and  in  which  an 
additional  number  of  labourers  are  required  at 
different  periods.  Such  is  necessarily  the  case 
with  dock  labour,  where  an  easterly  wind  pre- 
vailing for  several  days  deprives  thousands  of 
work,  and  where  the  change  from  a  foul  to  a  fair 
wind  causes  an  equally  inordinate  demand  for 
workmen.  The  same  temporary  increase  of  employ- 
ment takes  place  in  the  agricultural  districts  at 
harvesting  time,  and  the  same  among  the  hop 
growers  in  the  picking  season  ;  and  it  will  be 
hereafter  seen  that  there  are  the  same  labour 
fluctuations  in  the  scavaging  trade,  a  greater  or 
lesser  number  of  hands  being  required,  of  course, 
according  as  the  season  is  wet  or  dry. 

This  occasional  increase  of  employment,  though 
a  benefit  in  some  few  cases  (as  enabling  a  man 
suddenly  deprived  of  his  ordinary  means  of  living 
to  obtain  "a  job  of  work"  until  he  can  "turn 
himself  round"),  is  generally  a  most  alarming 
evil  in  a  State.  What  are  the  casual  hands  to  do 
when  the  extra  employment  ceases  1  Those  who 
have  paid  attention  to  the  subject  of  dock  labour 
and  the  subject  of  casual  labour  in  general,  may 
form  some  notion  of  the  vast  mass  of  misery 
that  must  be  generally  existing  in  London.    The 


L0ND02f^  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


221 


subject  of  hop-picking  again  belongs  to  the  same 
question.  Here  are  thousands  of  the  very  poorest 
employed  only  for  a  few  days  in  the  year.  What, 
the  mind  naturally  asks,  do  they  after  their 
short  term  of  honest  independence  has  ceased  ? 
With  dock  labour  the  poor  man's  bread  depends 
upon  the  very  winds  ;  in  scavaging  and  in 
street  life  -generally  it  depends  upon  the  rain;  and 
in  market-gardening,  harvesting,  hop-picking,  and 
the  like,  it  depends  upon  the  sunshine.  How 
many  thousands  in  this  huge  metropolis  have  to 
look  immediately  to  the  very  elements  for  their 
bread,  it  is  overwhelming  to  contemplate ;  and 
yet,  with  all  this  fitfulness  of  employment  we 
wonder  that  an  extended  knowledge  of  reading 
and  writing  does  not  produce  a  decrease  of  crime  ! 
We  should,  however,  aak  ourselves  whether  men 
can  stay  their  hunger  with  alphabets  or  grow  fat 
on  spelling  books  ;  and  wanting  employment,  and 
consequently  food,  and  objecting  to  the  incarcera- 
tion of  the  workhouse,  can  we  be  astonished — 
indeed  is  it  not  a  natural  law — that  they  should 
help  themselves  to  the  property  of  others  ] 

Concembg  the  "  regular  hands "  of  the  con- 
tracting scavagers,  it  may,  perhaps,  be  reasonable 
to  compute  that  little  short  of  one-half  of  them 
have  been  "  to  the  manner  bom."  The  others 
are,  as  I  have  said,  what  these  regular  hands 
call  *'  casuals,"  or  "  casualties."  As  an  instance 
of  the  peculiar  mixture  of  the  regular  and  casual 
hands  in  the  scavaging  trade,  I  may  state  that 
one  of  my  informants  told  me  he  had,  at  one 
period,  under  his  immediate  direction,  fourteen 
men,  of  whom  the  former  occupations  had  been 
at  follow*  : — 

7  Always  Scavagers  (or  dustmen,  and  six 
of  them  nightmen  when  required). 

1  Pot-boy  at  a  public-house  (but  only  as  a  boy). 

1  Stable-man  (also  nightman). 

1  Formerly  a  pugilist,  then  a  showman's  a«- 
listant. 

1  Navvy. 

1  Ploughman  (nightman  occasionally). 

2  Unknown,  one  of  them  saying,  but  gaining 

no  belief,  that  he  had  once  been  a  gentle- 
man. 


14 


In  my  account  of  the  street  orderlies  will  be 
given  an  interesting  and  elaborate  statement  of 
the  former  avocations,  the  habitt,  expenditure, 
&c.,  of  a  body  of  strect-tweepers,  67  in  number. 
This  table  will  be  found  very  curious,  as  showing 
what  chuMf  of  men  have  been  driven  to  street- 
sweeping,  but  it  will  not  furnish  a  criterion  of 
the  character  of  the  *'  regular  handi "  employed 
bj  the  contractors. 

The  "casuals"  or  the  "casual  tie*"  (alwayscalled 
among  the  men  "  cazzclties  "),  may  be  more  pro- 
perly described  as  men  whose  employment  is  ac- 
cidental, chanceful,  or  uncertain.  The  regular 
hands  of  the  tcavngers  are  apt  to  designate  any 
new  comer,  even  for  a  permanence,  any  sweeper 


not  reared  to  or  versed  in  the  business,  a  casual 
("cazzel").  I  shall,  however,  here  deal  with  the 
"  casual  hands,"  not  only  as  hands  newly  intro- 
duced into  the  trade,  but  as  men  of  chanceful 
and  irregular  employment. 

These  persons  are  now,  I  understand,  numerous 
in  all  branches  of  unskilled  labour,  willing  to  un- 
dertake or  attempt  any  kind  of  work,  but  perhaps 
there  is  a  greater  tendency  on  the  part  of  the 
surplus  unskilled  to  turn  to  scavaging,  from  the 
fact  that  any  broken-down  man  seems  to  account 
himself  competent  to  sweep  the  streets. 

To  ascertain  the  number  of  these  casual  or  out- 
side labourers  in  the  scavaging  trade  is  difficult, 
for,  as  I  have  said,  they  are  willing  in  their  need 
to  attempt  any  kind  of  work,  and  so  may  be 
"  casuals "  in  divers  departments  of  unskilled 
labour. 

I  do  not  think  that  I  can  better  approximate 
the  number  of  casuals  than  by  quoting  the  opinion 
of  a  contracting  scavager  familiar  with  his  work- 
men and  their  ways.  He  considered  that  there 
were  always  nearly  as  many  hands  on  the  look-out 
for  a  job  in  the  streets,  as  there  were  regularly 
employed  at  the  business  by  the  large  contractors; 
this  I  have  shown  to^be  262,  let  us  estimate  there- 
fore the  number  of  casuals  at  200. 

According  to  the  table  I  have  given  at  pp.  213, 
214,  the  number  of  men  regularly  or  constantly 
employed  at  the  metropolitan  trade  is  as  fol- 
lows:— 

Scavagers  employed  by  large  contractors     .     262 
Ditto  small  contractors  .         .         ,       13 

Ditto  machines     .....       25 

Ditto  parishes 218 

Ditto  street-orderlies     ....       60 

Total  working  scavagers  in  London     .     578 

But  the  prior  table  given  at  pp.  186,  187, 
shows  the  number  of  scavagers  employed  through- 
out the  metropolis  in  wet  and  dry  weather  {eX' 
chmve  of  the  street-orderlies)  to  be  as  follows : — 

Scavagers  employed  in  wet  weather  .         .     531 
Ditto  in  dry  weather     ....     368 

Difference 173 

Hence  it  would  appear  that  about  one-third  less 
hands  are  required  in  the  dry  than  in  the  wet 
season  of  the  year.  The  170  hands,  then,  dis- 
charged in  the  dry  season  arc  the  casually  em- 
ployed men,  but  the  whole  of  these  170  are  not 
turned  adrift  immediately  they  are  no  longer 
wanted,  some  being  kept  on  "  odd  jobs"  in  the 
yard,  &c. ;  nor  can  that  number  be  said  to  repre- 
sent t^  entire  amount  of  the  surplus  labour  in 
the  tnme  ;  but  only  that  portion  of  it  which  does 
obtain  even  casual  employment.  After  much 
trouble,  and  taking  the  average  of  various  state- 
ments, it  would  appear  that  the  number  of 
casualty  or  quantity  of  occasional  surplus  labour 
in  the  scavaging  trade  may  be  represented  at 
between  200  and  250  hands. 

The  scavaging  trade,  however,  is  not,  I  am  in- 
formed, so  overstocked  with  labourers  now  as  it 


222 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


was  formerly.  Seven  years  ago,  and  from  that  to 
ten,  there  were  usually  between  200  and  300 
hands  out  of  work  ;  this  was  owing  to  there  being 
a  less  extent  of  paved  streets,  and  comparatively 
few  contractors ;  the  scavaging  work,  moreover, 
was  "  scamped,"  the  men,  to  use  their  own 
phrase,  "  licking  the  work  over  any  how,"  so  that 
fewer  hands  were  required.  Now,  however, 
the  inhabitants  are  more  particular,  I  am  told, 
**  about  the  crooks  and  corners,"  and  require  the 
streets  to  be  swept  ofiener.  Formerly  a  gang  of 
operative  scavagers  would  only  collect  six  loads 
of  dirt  a  day,  but  now  a  gang  will  collect  nine 
loads  daily.  The  causes  to  which  the  surplus  of 
labourers  at  present  may  be  attributed  are,  I 
find,  as  follows  : — Each  operative  has  to  do  nearly 
double  the  work  to  what  he  formerly  did,  the  extra 
cleansing  of  the  streets  having  tended  not  only  to 
employ  more  hands,  but  to  make  each  of  those 
employed  do  more  work.  The  result  has,  how- 
ever been  followed  by  an  increase  in  the  wages  of 
the  operatives  ;  seven  years  ago  the  labourers  re- 
ceived but  Is.  a  day,  and  the  ganger  2s.  Qd.,  but 
now  the  labourers  receive  25.  8(^.  a  day,  and  the 
ganger  3s. 

In  the  city  the  men  have  to  work  very  long 
hours,  sometimes  as  many  as  18  hours  a  day  with- 
out any  extra  pay.  This  practice  of  overworking 
is,  I  find,  carried  on  to  a  great  extent,  even  with 
those  master  scavagers  who  pay  the  regular 
wages.  One  man  told  me  that  when  he  worked 
for  a  certain  large  master,  whom  he  named,  he  has 
many  times  been  out  at  work  28  hours  in  the  wet 
(saturated  to  the  skin)  without  having  any  rest. 
This  plan  of  overworking,  again,  is  generally 
adopted  by  the  small  masters,  whose  men,  after 
they  have  done  a  regular  day's  labour,  are  set  to 
work  in  the  yard,  sometimes  toiling  18  hours  a 
day,  and  usually  not  less  than  16  hours  daily. 
Often  80  tired  and  weary  are  the  men,  that  when 
they  rise  in  the  morning  to  piursue  their  daily 
labour,  they  feel  as  fatigued  as  when  they  went  to 
bed.  "  Fpcquently,"  said  one  of  my  informants, 
"have  I  gone  to  bed  so  worn  out,  that  I  haven't  been 
able  to  sleep.  However  "  (he  added),  "  there  is  the 
work  to  be  done,  and  we  must  do  it  or  be  off." 

This  system  of  overwork,  especially  in  those 
trades  where  the  quantity  of  work  to  be  done  is 
in  a  measure  fixed,  I  find  to  be  a  far  more  in- 
fluential cause  of  surplus  labour  than  "  over 
population."  The  mere  number  of  labourers  in  a 
trade  is,  ^)er  se,  no  criterion  as  to  the  quantity  of 
labour  employed  in  it ;  to  arrive  at  this  three 
things  are  required  : — 

(1)  The  number  of  hands ; 

(2)  The  hours  of  labour; 

(3)  The  rate  of  Labouring  ; 

for  it  is  a  mere  point  of  arithmetic,  thift  if  the 
hands  in  the  scavaging  trade  work  18  hours  a  day, 
there  must  be  one-third  less  men  employed  than 
there  otherwise  would,  or  in  other  words  one- 
third  of  the  men  who  are  in  work  must  be  thus 
deprived  of  it.  This  is  one  of  the  crying  evils  of 
the  day,  and  which  the  economists,  filled  as  they 
are  with  their  over-population  theories,  have  en- 
tirely overlooked. 


There  are  262  men  employed  in  the  Metropo- 
litan Scavaging  Trade  ;  one-half  of  these  at  the 
least  may  be  said  to  work  16  hours  per  diem  in- 
stead of  12,  or  one-third  longer  than  they  should  ; 
so  that  if  the  hours  of  labour  in  this  trade  were 
restricted  to  the  usual  day's  work,  there  would  be 
employment  for  one-sixth  more  hands,  or  nearly 
50  individuals  extra. 

The  other  causes  of  the  present  amount  of  sur- 
plus labour  are — 

The  many  hands  thrown  out  of  employment  by 
the  discontinuance  of  railway  works. 

A  less  demand  for  unskilled  labour  in  agricul- 
tural districts,  or  a  smaller  remuneration  for  it. 

A  less  demand  for  some  branches  of  labour  (as 
ostlers,  &c.),  by  the  introduction  of  machinery 
(applied  to  roads),  or  through  the  caprices  of 
fashion. 

It  should,  however,  be  remembered,  that  men 
often  found  their  opinions  of  such  causes  on  pre- 
judices, or  express  them  according  to  their  class 
interests,  and  it  is  only  a  few  employers  of  un- 
skilled labourers  who  care  to  inquire  into  the 
antecedent  circumstances  of  men  who  ask  for 
work. 

As  regards  the  population  part  of  the  question, 
it  cannot  be  said  that  the  surplus  labour  of  the 
scavaging  trade  is  referable  to  any  inordinate  in- 
crease in  the  families  of  the  men.  Those  who  are 
married  appear  to  have,  on  the  average,  four  chil- 
dren, and  about  one-half  of  the  men  have  no  family 
at  all.  Early  marriages  are  by  no  means  usual. 
Of  the  casual  hands,  however,  full  three-fourths 
are  married,  and  one-half  have  families. 

There  are  not  more  than  ten  or  a  dozen  Irish 
labourers  who  have  taken  to  the  scavaging,  though 
several  have  "  tried  it  on ;"  the  regular  hands  say 
that  the  Irish  are  too  lazy  to  continue  at  the  trade ; 
but  surely  the  labour  of  the  hodman,  in  which 
the  Irish  seem  to  delight,  is  sufficient  to  disprove 
this  assertion,  be  the  cause  what  it  may.  About 
one-fourth  of  the  scavagers  entering  the  sca- 
vaging trade  as  casual  hands  have  been  agricul- 
tural labourers,  and  have  come  up  to  London  from 
the  several  agricultural  districts  in  quest  of  work; 
about  the  same  proportion  appear  to  have  been 
connected  with  horses,  such  as  ostlers,  carmen, 
&c. 

The  h-isJc  and  slack  seasons  in  the  scavaging 
trade  depend  upon  the  state  of  the  weather.  In 
the  depth  of  winter,  owing  to  the  shortness  of 
the  days,  more  hands  are  usually  required  for 
street  cleansing;  but  a  "clear  frost"  renders  the 
scavager's  labour  in  little  demand.  In  the  win- 
ter, too,  his  work  is  generally  the  hardest,  and 
the  hardest  of  all  when  there  is  snow,  which  soon 
becomes  mud  in  London  streets;  and  though  a 
continued  frost  is  a  sort  of  lull  to  the  scavagers' 
labour,  after  "a  great  thaw"  his  strength  is  taxed 
to  the  uttennost;  and  then,  indeed,  new  hands 
have  had  to  be  put  on.  At  the  West  End,  in  the 
height  of  the  summer,  which  is  usually  the  height 
of  the  fashionable  season,  there  is  again  a  more 
than  usual  requirement  of  scavaging  industry  in 
wet  weather;  but  perhaps  the  greatest  exercise  of 
such  industry  is  after  a  series  of  the  fogs  peculiar 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUB  LONDON  POOR, 


223 


to  the  London  atmosphere,  when  the  men  cannot  | 
tie  to  sweep.  The  table  I  have  given  shows  the 
influence  of  the  weather,  as  on  wet  days  531  men 
are  employed,  and  on  dry  days  only  358 ;  this,  how- 
ever, does  not  influence  the  Street-Orderly  system, 
as  under  it  the  men  are  employed  every  day,  un- 
less the  weather  make  it  an  actual  impossibility. 

According  to  the  rain  table  given  at  p.  202, 
there  would  appear  to  be,  on  an  average  of  23 
years,  178  wet  days  in  London  out  of  the  365, 
that  is  to  say,  about  100  in  every  205  days  are 
"  rainy  ones.'  The  months  having  the  greatest 
and  least  number  of  wet  days  are  as  follows : — 

No.  of  days  in 

the  month  in 

whicli  rain 

falls. 

17 

16 

15 

U 

12 

11 


December        .         .         i         . 
July,  August,  October 
February,  May,  November 
January,  April 
March,  September   . 

June 

Hence  it  would  appear  that  June  is  the  least  and 
December  the  most  showery  month  in  the  course 
of  the  year ;  the  greatest  qxianiily  of  rain  falling 
in  any  month  is,  however,  in  October,  and  the 
least  quantity  in  March.  The  number  of  wet 
days,  and  the  quantity  of  rain  falling  in  each  half 
of  the  year,  may  be  expressed  as  follows  : — 

Total 

Total  in      depth 

No.  of     of  rain 

wet        falling 

days,     in  inches. 

The  first  six  months  in  the  year 

ending  June  there  are  .         .84         10 
The  second  six  months  in  the 

year  ending  December  there  are  93  14 
Hence  we  perceive  that  the  quantity  of  work  for 
the  scavagers  would  fluctuate  in  the  first  and 
last  half  of  the  year  in  the  proportion  of  10  to  14, 
which  is  very  nearly  in  the  ratio  of  358  to  531,  which 
are  the  numbers  of  hands  given  in  table  pp.  186, 
187,  as  those  employed  in  wet  and  dry  weather 
throughout  the  metropolis. 

If,  then,  the  labour  in  the  scavaging  trade 
varies  in  the  proportion  of  5  to  7,  that  is  to  say, 
that  5  hands  arc  required  at  one  period  and  7  at 
another  to  execute  the  work,  the  question  con- 
•cquently  becomes,  how  do  the  2  casuals  who 
.  .  ;■-  '  ,vrged  out  of  every  7  obtain  their  living 
wet  seaton  is  over] 

V.  ..:;  .'I  sea vager  is  out  of  employ,  he  seldom 
or  never  applies  to  the  parish ;  this  he  does,  I  am 
iuformod,  only  when  he. is  fairly  "beaten  out" 
through  sickness  or  old  age,  for  the  men  "  hate 
the  thought  of  going  to  the  big  house  "  (the  union 
workhouse).  An  unemployed  operative  scjivager 
will  go  from  yard  to  yard  and  offer  his  services 
to  do  anything  in  the  dust  trade  or  any  other 
kind  of  employment  in  connection  with  du«t  or 
scavaging. 

'i' -  "••  ---y-'-—  -^-  ^porative  scavager  who 

is  ■<  work  at  that  trade 

for  ■  g  the  year,  and  the  re- 

Duuniug  portion  of  Li«  tiine  i«  occupied  either  at 


rubbish-carting  or  brick-carting,  or  else  he  gets  a 
job  for  a  month  or  two  in  a  dust-yard. 

Many  of  these  men  seem  to  form  a  body  of 
street-jobbers  or  operative  labourers,  ready  to  work 
at  the  docks,  to  be  navvies  (when  strong  enough), 
bricklayers'  labourers,  street-sweepers,  carriers  of 
trunks  or  parcels,  window-cleaners,  errand-goers, 
porters,  and  (occasionally)  nightracn.  Few  of 
the  class  seem  to  apply  themselves  to  trading;^  as 
in  the  costermonger  Hue.  They  are  the  loungers 
about  the  boundaries  of  trading,  but  seldom  take 
any  onward  steps.  The  street-sweeper  of  this 
week,  a  "casual"  hand,  maybe  a  rubbish-carter 
or  a  labourer  about  buildings  the  next,  or  he  may 
be  a  starving  man  for  days  together,  and  the  more 
he  is  starving  with  the  less  energy  will  he  exert 
himself  to  obtain  work  :  "it's  not  in"  a  starving 
or  ill-fed  man  to  exert  himself  otherwise  th;m 
what  may  be  called  iiasdvehj  ;  this  is  well  known 
to  all  who  have  paid  attention  to  the  subject.  The 
want  of  energy  and  carelessness  begotten  by  want 
of  food  was  well  described  by  the  tinman,  at  p. 
355  in  vol.  i. 

One  casual  hand  told  me  that  last  year  he  was 
out  of  work  altogether  three  months,  and  the  year 
before  not  more  than  six  weeks,  and  during  the  six 
weeks  he  got  a  day's  work  sometimes  at  rubbish 
carting  and  sometimes  at  loading  bricks.  Their 
wives  are  often  employed  in  the  yards  as  sifters, 
and  their  boys,  wlicn  big  enough,  work  also  at 
the  heap,  either  in  carrying  ofl^  or  else  as  fillers- 
in ;  if  there  are  any  girls,  one  is  generally  left  at 
home  to  look  after  the  rest  and  get  the  meals 
ready  for  the  other  members  of  the  family.  If 
any  of  the  children  go  to  school,  they  are  usually 
sent  to  a  ragged  school  in  the  neighbourhood, 
though  they  seldom  attend  the  school  more  than 
two  or  three  times  during  the  week. 

The  additional  hands  employed  in  wet  weather 
are  either  men  who  at  other  times  work  in  the 
yards,  or  such  as  have  their  "  turns  "  in  street- 
sweeping,  if  not  regularly  employed.  There  ap- 
pears, however,  to  be  little  of  system  in  the 
arrangement.  If  more  hands  are  wanted,  the 
gangsman,  who  receives  his  orders  from  the  con- 
tractor or  the  contractor's  managing  man,  is  told 
to  put  on  so  many  new  hands,  and  over-night  he 
has  but  to  tell  any  of  the  men  at  work  that  Jack, 
and  Bob,  and  Bill  will  be  wanted  in  the  morning, 
and  they,  if  not  employed  in  other  work,  appear 
accordingly. 

There  is  nothing,  however,  which  can  bo  desig- 
nated a  lahour  marktt  appertaining  to  the  trade. 
No  "  house  of  cjill,"  no  trade  society.  If  men 
seek  such  employment,  they  must  apply  at  the 
contractor's  premises,  and  I  am  assured  that  poor 
men  nol  unfrequently  nsk  the  scavagors  whom 
they  see  at  work  in  the  streets  where  to  apply 
"  for  a  job,"  and  sometimes  receive  gruff  or  abusive 
replies.  But  though  there  is  nothing  like  a  labour 
market  in  the  scavager's  trade,  the  employers  have 
not  to  "  look  out  "  for  men,  for  I  was  told  by  one 
of  their  foremen,  that  he  would  undertake,  if 
necessary,  which  it  never  wa*,  by  a  mere  "  round 
of  the  docks,"  to  select  200  new  hale  men,  of  all 
claMei,  and  ttrong  ones,  too,  if  properly  fed,  who 


224 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


in  a  few  days  would  be  tolerable  street-sweepers. 
It  is  a  calling  to  which  agricultural  labourers  are 
glad  to  resort,  and  a  calling  to  which  any 
labourer  or  any  mechanic  may  resort,  more  espe- 
cially as  regards  sweeping  or  scraping,  apart  from 
shovelling,  which  is  regarded  as  something  like 
the  high  art  of  the  business. 

We  now  come  to  estimate  the  earnings  of  the 
casual  hands,  whose  yearly  incomes  must,  of 
course,  be  very  different  from  those  of  the  regu- 
lars. The  constant  weekly  wages  of  any  work- 
man are  of  course  the  average  of  his  casual — and 
hence  we  shall  find  thfe  wages  of  those  who  are 
regularly  employed  far  exceed  those  of  the  occa- 
sionally employed  men : — 

£    s.    cJ. 
Nominal  yearly  wages  at  scavaging 

for  25  weeks  in  the  year,  at  16». 

per  week 20'l6     0 

Perquisites  for  26  weeks,  at  2s.       .       2  12     0 


Actual  yearly  wages  at  scavaging  .  23  8  0 
Nominal  and  actual  weekly  wages 

at  rubbish  carting  for  20  weeks  in 

the  year,  at  125.  .         .         .     12     0     0 

Unemployed  six  weeks  in  the  year .       0     0     0 


85    8     0 


Gross  yearly  earnings    . 


Average  casual  or  constant  weekly 

wages  throughout  the  year  .         .  15     4 1 

Hence  the  difference  between  the  earnings  of 
the  casual  and  the  regular  hand  would  appear  to 
be  one-sixth.  But  the  great  evil  of  all  casual 
labour  is  the  uncertainty  of  the  income — for  where 
there  is  the  greatest  chance  connected  with  an  em- 
plojTnent,  there  is  not  only  the  greatest  necessity 
for  pro\-idence,  but  unfortunately  the  greatest  ten- 
dency to  improvidence.  It  is  only  when  a  man's 
income  becomes  regular  and  fixed  that  he  grows 
thrifty,  and  lays  by  for  the  future  ;  but  where  all 
is  chance-work  there  is  but  little  ground  for  rea- 
soning, and  the  accident  which  assisted  the  man 
out  of  his  difficulties  at  one  period  is  continu- 
ally expected  to  do  the  same  good  turn  for  him  at 
another.  Hence  the  casual  hand,  who  passes 
the  half  of  the  year  on  ISs.,  and  twenty  weeks 
on  125.,  and  six  weeJcs  on  nothing,  lives  a  life  of 
excess  both  ways — of  excess  of  "  guzzling"  when 
in  work,  and  excess  of  privation  when  out  of  it — 
oscillating,  as  it  were,  between  surfeit  and  starv- 
ation. 

A  man  who  had  worked  in  an  iron-foundry, 
but  who  had  **  lost  his  work  "  (I  believe  through 
some  misconduct)  and  was  glad  to  get  employment 
as  a  street-sweeper,  as  he  had  a  good  recommenda- 
tion to  a  contractor,  told  me  that  "  the  misery  of 
the  thing"  was  the  want  of  regular  work.  "  I  've 
worked,"  he  said,  "for  a  good  master  for  four 
months  an  end  at  2s.  ^d.  a  day,  and  they  were  prime 
times.  Then  I  hadn't  a  stroke  of  work  for  a 
fortnight,  and  very  little  for  two  months,  and  if 
my  wife  hadn't  had  middling  work  with  a  laundress 
we  might  have  starved,  or  I  might  have  made  a 
hole  in  the  Thames,  for  it 's  no  good  living  to  be 
miserable  and  feel  you  can't  help  yourself  any 


how.  We  was  sometimes  half-starved,  as  it  was. 
I  'd  rather  at  this  minute  have  regular  work  at 
105.  a  week  all  the  year  round,  than  have  chance- 
work  that  I  could  earn  205.  a  week  at.  I  once 
had  155.  in  relief  from  the  parish,  and  a  doctor  to 
attend  us,  when  my  wife  and  I  was  both  laid  up 
sick.  0,  there 's  no  difference  in  the  way  of  doing 
the  work,  whatever  wages  you  're  on  for;  the 
streets  must  be  swept  clean,  of  course.  The  plan  *s 
the  same,  and  there 's  the  same  sort  of  manage- 
ment, any  how." 

Statement  op  a  "jReqular  SoAVAaEB." 

The  following  statement  of  his  business,  his 
sentiments,  and,  indeed,  of  the  subjects  which 
concerned  him,  or  about  which  he  was  questioned, 
was  given  to  me  by  a  street-sweeper,  so  he 
called  himself,  for  I  have  found  some  of  these 
men  not  to  relish  the  appellation  of  "  scavager." 
He  was  a  short,  sturdy,  somewhat  red-faced  man, 
without  anything  particular  in  his  appearance  to 
distinguish  him  from  the  mass  of  mere  labourers, 
but  with  the  sodden  and  sometimes  dogged  look  of 
a  man  contented  in  his  ignorance,  and — for  it  ig 
not  a  very  uncommon  case — rather  proud  of  it. 

"  I  don't  know  how  old  I  am,"  he  said — I  have 
observed,  by  the  by,  that  there  is  not  any  exces- 
sive vulgarity  in  these  men's  tones  or  accent  so 
much  as  grossness  in  some  of  their  expressions— 
"  and  I  can't  see  what  that  consams  any  one,  as 
I 's  old  enough  to  have  a  jolly  rough  beard,  and  so 
can  take  care  of  myself.  I  should  think  so.  My 
father  was  a  sweeper,  and  I  wanted  to  be  a  water- 
man, but  father — he  hasn't  been  dead  long— 
didn't  like  the  thoughts  on  it,  as  he  said  they 
was  all  drownded  one  time  or  'nother ;  so  I  ran 
away  and  tried  my  hand  as  a  Jack-in-the-water, 
but  I  was  starved  back  in  a  week,  and  got  a  h 
of  a  clouting.  After  that  I  sifted  a  bit  in  a 
dust-yard,  and  helped  in  any  way;  and  I  was 
sent  to  help  at  and  larn  honey-pot  and  other 
pot  making,  at  Deptford ;  but  honey-pots  was  a 
great  thing  in  the  business.  Master's  fore- 
man married  a  relation  of  mine,  some  way  or 
other.  I  never  tasted  honey,  but  I  've  heered  it's 
like  sugar  and  butter  mixed.  The  pots 
was  often  wanted  to  look  like  foreign  pots;  I 
don't  know  nothing  what  was  meant  by  it ;  some 

b dodge  or  other.      No,  the  trade  didn't  suit 

me  at  all,  master,  so  I  left.  I  don't  know  why 
it  didn't  suit  me ;  cause  it  didn't.  Just  then, 
father  had  hurt  his  hand  and  arm,  in  a  jam  again' 
a  cart,  and  so,  as  I  was  a  big  lad,  I  got  to  take  his 

place,  and  gave  every  satisfaction  to   Mr.  . 

Yes,  he  was  a  contractor  and  a  great  man.  I 
can't  say  as  I  knows  how  contracting 's  done ; 
but  it 's  a  bargain  atween  man  and  man.  So  I 
got  on.  I  'm  now  looked  on  as  a  stunning  good 
workman,  I  can  tell  you. 

"  Well,  I  can't  say  as  I  thinks  sweeping  the 
streets  is  hard  work.  I  'd  rather  sweep  two  hours 
than  shovel  one.  It  tires  one  's  arms  and  back  so, 
to  go  on  shovelling.  You  can't  change,  you  see,  sir, 
and  the  same  parts  keeps  getting  gripped  more  and 
more.     Then  you  must  mind  your  eye,  if  you  're 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


225 


shovelling  slop  into  a  cart,  perticler  so ;  or  some 
feller  may  run  off  with  a  complaint  that  he  's  been 
splashed  o'  purpose.  Is  a  man  ever  splashed  o' 
purpose]  No,  sir,  not  as  I  knows  on,  in  coorse 
not  [Laughing.]     Why  should  he  ] 

"  The  streets  must  be  done  as  tliey  're  done  now. 
It  always  was  so,  and  will  always  be  so.  Did  I  ever 
hear  what  London  streets  were  like  a  thousand 
years  ago?  It's  nothing  to  me,  but  they  must 
have  been  like  what  they  is  now.  Yes,  there 
was  always  streets,  or  how  was  people  that  has 
tin  to  get  their  coals  taken  to  them,  and  how  was 
the  public-houses  to  get  their  beer  ]  It 's  talking 
nonsense,  talking  that  way,  a-asking  sich  questions." 
[As  the  scavager  seemed  likely  to  lose  his  tem- 
per, I  changed  the  subject  of  conversation.] 

"  Yes,"  he  continued,  "  I  have  good  health. 
I  never  had  a  doctor  but  twice  ;  once  was  for  a 
hurt,  and  the  t'other  I  won't  tell  on.  Well,  I 
think  nightwork  's  healthful  enough,  but  I  '11  not 
say  BO  much  for  it  as  you  may  hear  some  on  'em 
say.  I  don't  like  it,  but  I  do  it  when  I 's  ob- 
ligated under  a  necessity.  It  pays  one  as  over- 
work ;  and  werry  like  more  one 's  in  it,  more  one 
may  be  suited.  I  reckon  no  men  works  harder 
nor  sich  as  me.  0,  as  to  poor  journeymen  tailors 
and  sich  like,  I  knows  they  're  stunning  badly  off, 
and  many  of  their  masters  is  the  hardest  of  beg- 
gars. I  have  a  nephew  as  works  for  a  Jew  slop, 
but  I  don't  reckon  that  work  ;  anybody  might  do 
it.  You  think  not,  sir]  Werry  well,  it's  all 
the  same.  No,  I  won't  say  as  I  could  make  a 
veskit,  but  I  've  sowed  my  own  buttons  on  to 
one  afore  now. 

"Yes,  I've  heered  on  the  Board  of  Health. 
Tkey  've  put  down  some  night-yards,  and  if  they 
goes  on  putting  down  more,  what 's  to  become  of 
the  night-soil  ]  I  can't  think  what  they  're  up  to  ; 
but  if  they  don't  touch  wages,  it  may  be  all 
right  in  the  end  on  it.  I  don't  know  that  them 
there  consams  does  touch  wages,  but  one 's  nate- 
rally  afeard  on  'em.  I  could  read  a  little  when  I 
was  a  child,  but  I  can't  now  for  want  of  practice, 
or  I  might  know  more  about  it.  I  yarns  my 
money  gallows  hard,  and  requires  support  to  do 
hard  work,  and  if  wages  goes  down,  one 's  strength 
goes  down.  I  'm  a  man  as  understands  what 
things  belongs.  I  was  once  out  of  work,  through 
a  mistake,  for  a  good  many  weeks,  perhaps  five 
or  six  or  more;  I  lamed  then  what  short  grub 
meant.  I  got  a  drop  of  beer  and  a  crust  some- 
tiflses  with  men  as  I  knowed,  or  I  might  have 
dropped  in  the  street.  What  did  I  do  to  pass  my 
tone  when  I  was  out  of  work  ]  Snrtinly  the  days 
seemed  wery  long ;  but  I  went  about  and  called  at 
dust-yards,  till  I  didn't  like  to  go  too  often ;  and 
I  met  men  I  know'd  at  tap-rooms,  and  spent  time 
that  way,  and  axed  if  there  was  any  openings  for 
work.  I  're  been  out  of  collar  odd  weeks  now 
and  then,  but  when  this  happened,  I  'd  been 
on  slack  work  a  goodish  bit,  and  was  bad  for 
rent  three  weeks  and  more.  My  rent  was  2$.  ft 
week  then ;  its  li.  \id.  now,  and  my  own  traps. 

"  No,  I  can't  lay  I  was  sorry  when  I  was 
forced  to  be  idle  that  way,  that  I  hadn't  kept  up 
my  reading,  nor  tried  to  keep  it  up,  because  I 


couldn't  then  have  settled  down  my  mind  to 
read ;  I  know  I  couldn't.  I  likes  to  hear  the 
paper  read  well  enough,  if  I's  resting;  but  old 
Bill,  as  often  wolunteers  to  read,  has  to  spell  the 
hard  words  so,  that  one  can't  tell  what  the 
devil  he  's  reading  about.  I  never  heers  anything 
about  books ;  I  never  heered  of  Robinson  Crusoe, 
if  it  wasn't  once  at  the  Wic.  [Victoria  Theatre] ; 
I  think  there  was  some  sich  a  name  there.  He 
lived  on  a  deserted  island,  did  he,  sir,  all  by  his- 
self  ]  Well,  I  think,  now  you  mentions  it,  I  have 
heered  on  him.  But  one  needn't  believe  all  one 
hears,  whether  out  of  books  or  not.  I  don't  know 
much  good  that  ever  anybody  as  I  knows  ever  got 
out  of  books;  they're  fittest  for  idle  people. 
Sartinly  I  've  seen  working  people  reading  in 
coffee-shops;  but  they  might  as  well  be  resting 
theirselves  to  keep  up  their  strength.  Do  I  think 
so  ]  I  'in  sure  on  it,  master,  I  sometimes  spends 
a  few  browns  a-going  to  the  play ;  mostly  about 
Christmas.  It's  werry  fine  and  grand  at  the 
Wic,  that 's  the  place  I  goes  to  most ;  both  the 
pantomimers  and  t'  other  things  is  werry  stun- 
ning. I  can't  say  how  much  I  spends  a  year  in 
plays  ;  I  keeps  no  account ;  perhaps  5s.  or  so  in  a 
year,  including  expenses,  sich  as  beer,  when  one 
goes  out  after  a  stopper  on  the  stage.  I  don't 
keep  no  accounts  of  what  I  gets,  or  what  I 
spends,  it  would  be  no  use;  money  comes  and  it 

goes,  and  it  often  goes  a  d d  sight  faster  than 

it  comes;  so  it  seems  to  me,  though  I  ain't  in 
debt  just  at  this  time. 

"  I  never  goes  to  any  church  or  chapel.  Some- 
times I  hasn't  clothes  as  is  fit,  and  I  s'pose  I 
couldn't  be  admitted  into  sich  fine  places  in  my 
working  dress.  I  was  once  in  a  church,  but  felt 
queer,  as  one  does  in  them  strange  places,  and 
never  went  again.  They  're  fittest  for  rich  people. 
Yes,  I  've  heered  about  religion  and  about  God 
Almighty,  }Yhat  religion  have  I  heered  on? 
Why,  the  regular  religion.  I  'm  satisfied  with 
what  I  knows  and  feels  about  it,  and  that's 
enough  about  it.     I  came  to  tell  you  about  trade 

and  work,  because  Mr, told  me  it  might  do 

good ;   but  religion  hasn't  nothing  to  do  with  it. 

Yes,  Mr.  's  a  good  master,  and  a  religious 

man ;  but  I  've  known  masters  as  didn't  care  a 
d — n  for  religion,  as  good  as  him;  and  so  you 
see  it  comes  to  much  the  same  thing.  I  cares 
nothing  about  politics  neither ;  but  I  'm  a  chartist. 

"  I  'm  not  a  married  man.  I  was  a-going  to  be 
married  to  a  young  woman  as  lived  with  me  a 
goodiah  bit  as  my  housekeeper"  [this  he  said  very 
demurely] ;  "  but  she  went  to  the  hopping  to 
yarn  a  few  shillings  for  herself,  and  never  came 
back.  I  heered  that  she  'd  taken  up  with  an 
Irish  hawker,  but  I  can't  say  as  to  the  rights  on 
it.  Did  I  fret  about  her]  Perhaps  not;  but  I 
was  wexed. 

"  I  'm  sure  I  can't  say  what  I  spends  my  wages 
in.  I  sometimes  makes  12s.  CcZ.  a  week,  and 
sometimes  better  than  21^,  with  night-work.  I 
suppose  grub  costs  Is.  a  day,  and  beer  (!</.;  but  I 
keeps  no  accounts.  I  buy  ready-cooked  meat; 
often  cold  b'iled  beef,  and  cats  it  at  any  tap-room. 
I  have  meat  every  day ;  mostly  more  than  once  a 


223 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


day.  Wegetables  I  don't  care  about,  only  ingaiis 
and  cabbage,  if  you  can  get  it  smoking  hot,  with 
plenty  of  pepper.  The  rest  of  my  tin  goes  for 
rent  and  baccy  and  togs,  and  a  little  drop  of  gin 
now  and  then." 

Tiie  stiteraent  I  have  given  is  sufficiently  ex- 
plicit of  the  general  opinions  of  the  "regular 
scavagers "  concerning  literature,  politics,  and 
religion.  On  these  subjects  the  great  majority  of 
the  regular  scavagers  have  no  opinions  at  all,  or 
opinions  distorted,  even  when  the  facts  seem  clear 
and  obvious,  by  ignorance,  often  united  with  its 
nearest  of  kin,  prejudice  and  suspiciousness.  I 
am  inclined  to  think,  however,  that  the  man 
whose  narrative  I  noted  down  was  more  dogged 
in  his  ignorance  than  the  body  of  his  fellows. 
All  the  intelligent  men  with  whom  I  conversed, 
and  whose  avocations  had  made  them  familiar  for 
years  with  this  class,  concurred  in  representing 
them  as  grossly  ignorant. 

This  description  of  the  scavagers'  ignorance, 
(X'C,  it  must  be  remembered,  applies  only  to  the 
"regular  hands."  Those  who  have  joined  the 
ranks  of  the  street-sweepers  from  other  callings  are 
more  intelligent,  and  sometimes  more  temperate. 

The  system  of  concubinage,  with  a  great  de- 
gree of  fidelity  in  the  couple  living  together  with- 
out the  sanction  of  the  law — such  as  I  have 
described  as  prevalent  among  the  costermongers 
and  dustmen — is  also  prevalent  among  the  regular 
scavagers. 

I  did  not  hear  of  habitual  unkindness  from  the 
parents  to  the  children  born  out  of  wedlock, 
but  there  is  habitual  neglect  of  all  or  much  which 
a  child  should  be  taught — a  neglect  growing  out  of 
ignorance.  I  heard  of  two  scavagers  with  large 
families,  of  whom  the  treatment  was  sometimes 
very  harsh,  and  at  others  mere  petting. 

Education,  or  rather  the  ability  to  read  and 
write,  is  not  common  among  the  adults  in  this 
calling,  80  that  it  cannot  be  expected  to  be  found 
among  their  children.  Some  labouring  men, 
ignorant  themselves,  but  not  perhaps  constituting 
a  class  or  a  clique  like  the  regular  scavagers,  try 
hard  to  procure  for  their  children  the  knowledge, 
the  want  of  which  they  usually  think  has  barred 
their  own  progress  in  life.  Other  ignorant  men, 
mixing  only  with  "their  own  sort,"  as  is  generally 
the  case  with  the  regular  scavagers,  and  in  the 
several  branches  of  the  business,  often  think  and 
say  that  what  tlceij  did  without  their  children 
could  do  without  also.  I  even  heard  it  said  by 
one  scavager  that  it  wasn't  right  a  child  should 
ever  think  himself  wiser  than  his  father.  A  man 
who  knew,  in  the  way  of  his  business  as  a  private 
contractor  for  night-work,  &c.,  a  great  many 
regular  scavagers,  "  ran  them  over,"  and  came  to 
the  conclusion  that  about  four  or  five  out  of 
twenty  could  read,  ill  or  tolerably  well,  and  about 
three  out  of  forty  could  write.  He  told  me,  more- 
over, that  one  of  the  most  intelligent  fellows  gene- 
rally whom  he  knew  among  them,  a  man  whom 
he  had  heard  read  well  enough,  and  always  un- 
derstood to  be  a  tolerable  writer,  the  other  day 
brought  a  letter  from  his  son,  a  soldier  abroad  with 
his  regiment  in  Lower  Canada,  and  requested  my 


informant  to  read  it  to  him,  as  "  that  kind  of 
writing,"  although  plain  enough,  was  "  beyond 
him."  The  son,  in  writing,  had  availed  himself 
of  the  superior  skill  of  a  corporal  in  his  company, 
so  that  the  letter,  on  family  matters  .and  feelings, 
was  written  by  deputy  and  read  by  deputy.  The 
costermongers,  I  have  shown,  when  tiieinselves  un- 
able to  read,  have  evinced  a  fondness  for  listening 
to  exciting  stories  of  courts  and  aristocracies,  and 
have  even  bought  penny  periodicals  to  have  their 
contents  read  to  them.  The  scavagers  appear  to 
have  no  taste  for  this  mode  of  enjoying  them- 
selves ;  but  then  their  leisure  is  far  more  circum- 
scribed than  that  of  the  costermongers. 

It  must  be  borne  in  mind  that  I  have  all  along 
spoken  of  the  regular  (many  of  them  hereditary) 
scavagers  employed  by  the  more  liberal  contractors. 

There  are  yet  accounts  of  habitations,  state- 
ments of  wages,  &c.,  &c.,  to  be  given,  in  connection 
with  men  working  for  the  honourable  masters, 
before  proceeding  to  the  scurf- traders. 

The  working  scavagers  usually  reside  in  the 
neighbourhood  of  the  dust-yards,  occupying  "second- 
floor  backs,"  kitchens  (where  the  entire  house  is 
sublet,  a  system  often  fraught  with  great  extor- 
tion), or  garrets ;  they  usually,  and  perhaps  always, 
when  married,  or  what  they  consider  "  as  good," 
have  their  own  furniture.  The  rent  runs  from 
Is.  Qd.  to  25.  Zd.  weekly,  an  average  being  I5.  2d. 
or  Is.  lOd.  One  room  which  I  was  in  was  but 
barely  furnished, — a  sort  of  dresser,  servmg  also 
for  a  table;  a  chest;  three  chairs  (one  almost 
bottomU'ss) ;  an  old  turn-up  bedstead,  a  Dutch 
clock,  with  the  minute-hand  broken,  or  as  tiie 
scavnger  very  well  called  it  when  he  saw  me 
looking  at  it,  "a  stump;"  an  old  "corner  cup- 
board,' and  some  pots  and  domestic  utensils  in  a 
closet  without  a  door,  but  retaining  a  portion  of 
the  hinges  on  which  a  door  had  swung.  The  rent 
was  Is.  lOd.,  with  a  frequent  intimation  that  it 
ought  to  be  2.S.  The  place  was  clean  enough,  and 
the  scavager  seemed  proud  of  it,  assuring  me  that 
his  old  woman  (wife  or  concubine)  was  "a  good 
sort,"  and  kept  things  as  nice  as  ever  she  could, 
washing  everything  herself,  Avhere  "other  old 
women  lushed."  The  only  ornaments  in  the 
room  were  three  profiles  of  children,  cut  in  black 
paper  and  pasted  upon  white  card,  tacked  to  the 
wall  over  the  fire-place,  for  mantel-shelf  there  was 
none,  while  one  of  the  three  profiles,  that  of  the 
eldest  child  (then  dead),  was  "framed,"  with  a 
glass,  and  a  sort  of  bronze  or  "  cast  "  frame,  cost- 
ing, I  was  told,  IM.  This  was  the  apartment  of 
a  man  in  regular  employ  (with  but  a  few  excep- 
tions). 

Another  scavager  with  whom  I  had  some 
conversation  about  his  labours  as  a  nightman,  for 
he  was  both,  gave  me  a  full  account  of  his  own. 
diet,  which  I  find  to  be  sufficiently  specific  as  to 
that  of  his  class  generally,  but  only  of  the  regular 
hands. 

The  diet  of  the  regular  working  scavager  (or  . 
nightman)  seems  generally  to  differ  from  that  of  i 
mechanics,  and  perhaps  of  other  working  men, 
in  the  respect  of  his  being  fonder  of  salt  and 
itrong-fiavoured  food.  I  have  before  made  tiie  same 


THE      LONDON      SCAVENGER. 

IFrom  a  l)agUfrr«!ttype by  Oearo.] 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


227 


remark  concerning  the  diet  of  the  poor  generally. 
I  do  not  mean,  however,  that  the  scav^ers  are 
fond  of  snch  animal  food  as  is  called  "  high,"  for 
I  did  not  hear  that  nightmen  or  scavagers  were 
more  tolerant  of  what  approached  putridity  than 
other  labouring  men,  and,  despite  their  calling, 
might  sicken  at  the  rankness  of  some  haunches 
of  venison;  but  they  have  a  great  relish  for 
highly-salted  cold  boiled  beef,  bacon,  or  pork,  with 
a  saucer-full  of  red  pickled  cabbage,  or  dingy- 
looking  pickled  onions,  or  one  or  two  big,  strong, 
raw  onions,  of  which  most  of  them  seem  as  fond 
as  Spaniards  of  garlic.  This  sort  of  meat,  some- 
times profusely  mustarded,  is  often  eaten  in  the 
beershops  with  thick  "shives"  of  bread,  cut  into 
big  mouthfuls  with  a  clasp  pocket-knife,  while 
vegetables,  unless  indeed  the  beer-shop  can  supply 
a  plate  of  smoking  hot  potatoes,  are  uncared  for. 
The  drink  is  usually  beer.  The  same  style  of 
eating  and  the  same  kind  of  food  characterize  the 
scavager  and  nightman,  when  taking  his  meal  at 
home  with  his  wife  or  family ;  but  so  irregular, 
and  often  of  necessity,  are  these  men's  hours,  that 
they  may  be  said  to  have  no  homes,  merely  places 
to  sleep  or  dose  in. 

A  working  scavager  and  nightman  calculated 
for  me  his  expenses  in  eating  and  drinking,  and 
other  necessaries,  for  the  previous  week.  He 
had  earned  155.,  but  1*.  of  this  went  to  pay  off 
an  advance  of  5s.  made  to  him  by  the  keeper  of  a 
beer-ihop,  or,  as  he  called  it,  a  "  jerry." 

Daily.       Weekly. 
d.  s.     d. 

Bent  of  an  nnfomished  room  1     9 

Washing  (average)   ....  3 

[The   man  himself  washed 

the   dress    in   which    he 

worked,    and     generally 

washed  his  own  stockinga.] 
Sharing  (when  twice  a  week)  1 

Tobacco 1  7 

[Short  pipes  are  given  to 

these   men   at  the   beer« 

■hops,    or    public-houses 

which  they  •*uie."l 

Beer 4  24 

[He  usually  spent  more  than 

id.  a  day  in  beer,  he  said, 

*'  it  was  only  a  pot ;  "  but 

this  week  more  beer  than 

usual  had  bem  given  to 

him  in  nigbtwork.] 

Gin 2  12 

[The  Mune  with  gin.] 
Cocoa  (pint  at  a  cotfee-shop)  .     1^  10^ 

Bread  (qoartem  loaf)    (some- 

timet5\d.)    ...         .6  B    Q 

BoUed  nit  beef  (f  lb.  or  \  lb. 
daily,  "as  ba^ppened,"  for 
two  meals,  Od.  per  pound, 

average 4  2    4 

Pickles  or  Onions    .     .     .     .     0^  1} 

Butter 1 

Soap 1 

18    2i 


Perhaps  this  informant  was  excessive  in  his 
drink.  I  believe  he  was  so ;  the  others  not 
drinking  so  much  regularly.  The  odd  9d.,hc  told 
me,  he  paid  to  "  a  snob,"  because  he  said  he  was 
going  to  send  his  half-boots  to  be  mended. 

This  man  informed  me  he  wasa  "  widdur,"  having 
lost  his  old  'oman,  and  ho  got  all  his  meals  at  a 
beer  or  cofFee-shop.  Sometimes,  when  he  was  a 
street-sweeper  by  day  and  a  nightman  by  night, 
he  had  earned  205.  to  225. ;  and  then  he  could 
have  his  pound  of  salt  meat  a  day,  for  three  meals, 
with  a  "  baked  tatur  or  so,  when  they  was  in." 
I  inquired  as  to  the  apparently  low  charge  of  6d. 
per  pound  for  cooked  meat,  but  I  found  that  the 
man  had  stated  what  was  correct.  In  many  parts 
good  boiled  "  brisket,"  fresh  cut,  is  7d.  and  8c?. 
per  lb.,  with  mustird  into  the  bargain ;  and  the 
cook-shop  keepers  (not '  the  eating-house  people) 
who  sell  boiled  hams,  beef,  &c.,  in  retail,  but  not 
to  be  eaten  on  the  premises,  vend  the  hard  re- 
mains of  a  brisket,  and  sometimes  of  a  round,  for 
6d.,  or  even  less  (also  with  mustard),  and  the 
scavagers  like  this  better  than  any  other  food.  In 
the  brisk  times  my  informant  sometimes  had  "  a 
hot  cut "  from  a  shop  on  a  Sunday,  and  a  more 
liberal  allowance  of  beer  and  gin.  If  he  had  any 
piece  of  clothing  to  buy  he  always  bought  it  at 
once,  before  his  money  went  for  other  things. 
These  were  his  proceedings  when  business  wag 
brisk. 

In  slacker  times  his  diet  was  on  another 
footing.  He  then  made  his  supper,  or  second 
meal,  for  tea  he  seldom  touched,  on  "fagots." 
This  preparation  of  baked  meats  costs  Id.  hot — 
but  it  is  seldom  sold  hot  except  in  the  evening — 
and  ^d.,  or  more  frequently  two  for  l^d.,  cold. 
It  is  a  sort  of  cake,  roll,  or  ball,  a  number  being 
baked  at  a  time,  and  is  made  of  chopped  liver 
and  lights,  mixed  with  gravy,  and  wrapped  in 
pieces  of  pig's  caul.  It  weighs  six  ounces,  so 
that  it  is  unquestionably  a  cheap,  and,  to  the 
scavager,  a  savoury  meal ;  but  to  other  nostrils 
its  odour  is  not  seductive.  My  informant  re- 
gretted the  capital  fagots  he  used  to  get  at  a  shop 
when  he  worked  in  Lambeth;  superior  to  anything 
he  had  been  able  to  meet  with  on  the  Middlesex 
side  of  the  water.  Or  he  dined  off  a  saveloy, 
costing  Id.,  and  bread ;  or  bought  a  pennyworth 
of  strong  cheese,  and  a  farthing's  worth  of  onions. 
He  would  further  reduce  his  daily  expenditure  on 
cocoa  (or  coffee  sometimes)  to  Id.,  and  his  bread 
to  three-quarters  of  a  loaf.  He  ate,  however,  in 
average  times,  a  quarter  of  a  quartern  loaf  to  his 
breakfast  (sometimes  buying  a  halfpennyworth  of 
butter),  a  quarter  or  more  to  liis  dinner,  the  same 
to  his  supper,  and  the  other,  with  an  onion  for  a 
relish,  to  nis  beer.  He  was  a  great  bread  eater, 
he  said  ;  but  sometimes,  if  he  slept  in  the  day- 
time, half  a  loaf  would  "stand  over  to  next  day." 
He  was  always  hungriest  when  at  work  among 
the  street-mud  or  night-soil,  or  when  he  had 
finished  work. 

On  my  asking  him  if  he  meant  that  he  par- 
took of  the  meals  he  had  described  daily,  "he 
answered  "  no,"  but  that  was  moftly  what  he 
had ;  and  if  he  bought  a  bit  of  cold  boiled,  or 


228 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


even  roast  pork,  "what  offered  cheap,"  the  ex- 
pense was  about  the  same.  "When  he  was  drink- 
ing, and  he  did  "make  a  break  sometimes,"  he 
ate  nothing,  and  "  wasn't  inclined  to,"  and  he 
seemed  rather  to  plume  himself  on  this,  as  a  point 
of  economy.  He  had  tasted  fruit  pies,  but  cared 
nothing  for  them ;  but  liked  four  penn'orth  of  a 
hot  meat  or  giblet  pie  on  a  Sunday.  Batter- 
pudding  he  only  liked  if  smoking  hot ;  and  it  was 
**' uncommon  improved,"  he  said,  "with  an  ingan!" 
Kum  he  preferred  to  gin,  only  it  was  dearer,  but 
most  of  the  scavagers,  he  thought,  liked  Old  Tom 
(gin)  best ;  but  "  they  was  both  good." 

Of  the  drinking  of  these  men  I  heard  a  good 
deal,  and  there  is  no  doubt  that  some  of  them 
tope  hard,  and  by  their  conduct  evince  a  sort  of 
belief  that  the  great  end  of  labour  is  beer.  But 
it  must  be  borne  in  mind  that  if  inquiries  are 
made  as  to  the  man  best  adapted  to  give  informa- 
tion concerning  any  rude  calling  (especially),  some 
talkative  member  of  the  body  of  these  working 
men,  some  pot-house  hero  who  has  j)ursuaded 
himself  and  his  ignorant  mates  that  he  is  an 
oracle,  is  put  forward.  As  these  men  are  some- 
times, from  being  trained  to,  and  long  known  in 
their  callings,  more  prosperous  than  their  feUows, 
their  opinions  seem  ratified  by  their  circumstances. 
But  in  such  cases,  or  in  the  appearance  of  such 
cases,  it  has  been  my  custom  to  make  subsequent 
inquiries,  or  there  might  be  frequent  misleadings, 
were  the  statements  of  these  men  taken  as  typical 
of  the  feelings  and  habits  of  the  tvhole  body.  The 
statement  of  the  working  scavager  given  under 
this  head  is  unquestionably  typical  of  the  charac- 
ter of  a  portion  of  his  co-workers,  and  more 
especially  of  what  was,  and  in  the  sort  of  here- 
ditary scavagers  I  have  spoken  of  is,  the  cha- 
racter of  the  regular  hands.  There  are  now, 
however,  many  checks  to  prolonged  indulgence 
in  "  lush,"  as  every  man  of  the  ruder  street-sweep- 
ing class  u-ill  call  it.  Tlie  contractors  must  be 
served  regularly;  the  most  indulgent  will  not 
tolerate  any  unreasonable  absence  from  work,  so 
that  the  working  scavagers,  at  the  jeopardy  of 
their  means  of  living,  must  leave  their  carouse  at 
an  hour  which  will  permit  them  to  rise  soon 
enough  in  the  morning. 

The  beer  which  these  men  imbibe,  it  should  be 
also  remembered,  they  regard  as  a  proper  part  of 
their  diet,  in  the  same  light,  indeed,  as  they  regard 
80  much  bread,  and  that  among  them  the  opinion 
is  almost  universal,  that  beer  is  necessary  to 
"keep  up  their  strength;"  there  are  a  few  teeto- 
tallers belonging  to  the  class  ;  one  man  thought  he 
knew  five,  and  had  lieard  of  five  others. 

I  inquired  of  the  landlord  of  a  beer-shop,  fre- 
quented by  these  men,  as  to  their  potations,  but  he 
wanted  to  make  it  appear  that  they  took  a  half-pint, 
now  and  t/cen,  when  thirsty !  He  was  evidently 
tender  of  the  character  of  his  customers.  The  land- 
lord of  a  public  house  also  frequented  by  them  in- 
formed me  that  he  really  could  not  say  what  they 
expended  in  beer,  for  labourers  of  all  kinds  "  used 
his  tap,"  and  as  all  tap-room  liquor  was  paid  for 
on  delivery  in  his  and  all  similar  establishments, 
he  did  not  know  the  quantity  supplied  to  any 


particular  class.  He  was  satisfied  these  men,  as 
a  whole,  drank  less  than  they  did  at  one  time; 
though  he  had  no  doubt  some  (he  seemed  to  know 
no  distinctions  between  scavagers,  dustmen,  and 
nightmen)  spent  Is.  a  day  in  drink.  He  knew 
one  scavager  who  was  dozing  about  not  long 
since  for  nearly  a  week,  "  sleepy  drunk,"  and  the 
belief  was  that  he  had  "  found  something."  The 
absence  of  all  accounts  prevents  my  coming  to 
anything  definite  on  this  head,  but  it  seems  posi- 
tive that  these  men  drink  less  than  they  did.  The 
landlord  in  question  thought  the  statement  I  have 
given  as  to  diet  and  drink  perfectly  correct  for  a 
regular  hand  in  good  earnings.  I  am  assured, 
however,  and  it  is  my  own  opinion,  after  long  in- 
quiry, that  one-third  of  their  earnings  is  spent 
in  drink. 

Of  the  Influence  of  Free  Trace  on  tub 
Earnings  of  the  Scavagers. 
As  regards  the  influence  of  Free  Trade  upon 
the  scavaging  business,  I  could  gain  little  or  no 
information  from  the  body  of  street-sweepers, 
because  they  have  never  noticed  its  operation,  and 
the  men,  v/ith  the  exception  of  such  as  have  sunk 
into  street-sweeping  from  better-informed  con- 
ditions of  life,  know  nothing  about  it.  Among  all, 
however,  I  have  heard  statements  of  the  blessing 
of  cheap  bread ;  always  cheap  bread.  "There's 
nothing  like  bread,"  say  the  men,  "  it  's  not  all 
poor  people  can  get  meat;  but  they  miist  get 
bread."  Cheap  food  all  labouring  men  pronounce 
a  blessing,  as  it  unquestionably  is,  but  "  some- 
how," as  a  scavager's  carman  said  to  me,  "  the 
thing  ain't  working  as  it  should." 

In  the  course  of  the  present  and  former  in- 
quiries among  unskilled  labourers,  street-sellers, 
and  costermongers,  I  have  found  the  great 
majority  of  the  more  intelligent  declare  that 
Free  Trade  had  not  worked  well  for  them, 
because  there  were  more  labourers  and  more 
street-sellers  than  were  required,  for  each  man  to 
live  by  his  toil  and  traffic,  and  because  the  num- 
bers increased  yearly,  and  the  demand  for  their 
commodities  did  not  iixcrease  in  proportion.  Among 
the  ignorant,  I  heard  the  continual  answers  of,  "I 
can't  say,  sir,  wliat  it  's  owing  to,  that  I  'm  so 
bad  off; "  or,  "  Well,  I  can't  tell  anything  about 
that." 

It  is  difficult  to  state,  however,  without  positive 
inquiry,  whether  this  extra  number  of  hands  be 
due  to  diminished  employment  in  the  agiicultural 
districts,  since  the  repeal  of  the  Corn  Laws,  or 
whether  it  be  due  to  the  insufficiency  of  occu- 
pation generally  for  the  increasing  population. 
One  thing  at  least  is  evident,  that  the  increase  of 
the  trades  alluded  to  cannot  be  said  to  arise 
directly  from  diminished  agricultural  employment, 
for  but  few  farm  labourers  have  entered  these 
businesses  since  the  change  from  Protection  to  Free 
Trade.  If,  therefore,  Free-Trade  principles  have 
operated  injuriously  in  reducing  the  work  of  the 
unskilled  labourers,  street-sellers,  and  the  poorer 
classes  generally,  it  can  have  done  so  only  in- 
directly ;  that  is  to  say,  by  throwing  a  mass  of 
displaced  country  labour  into  the  towns,  and  so 


LONDOy  LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


229 


displacing  other  labourers  from  their  ordinary 
occupation*,  as  well  as  by  decreasing  the  wages 
of  working-men  generally.  Hence  it  becomes 
almost  impossible,  I  repeat,  to  tell  whether  the 
increasing  difficulty  that  the  poor  experience  in 
living  by  their  labour,  is  a  consequence  or  merely 
a  concomitant  of  the  repeal  of  the  Com  Laws  ;  if 
it  be  a  consequence,  of  course  the  poor  are  no 
better  for  the  alteration ;  if,  however,  it  be  a 
coincidence  rather  than  a  necessary  result  of  the 
measure,  the  circumstances  of  the  poor  are,  of 
course,  as  much  improved  as  they  would  have  been 
impoverished  provided  that  measure  had  never 
become  law.  I  candidly  confess  I  am  as  yet 
without  the  means  of  coming  to  any  conclusion  on 
this  part  of  the  subject. 

Nor  can  it  be  said  that  in  the  scavagcrs'  trade 
wages  have  in  any  way  declined  since  the  repeal 
of  the  Com  Laws;  so  that  were  it  not  for  the 
difficulty  of  obtaining  employment  among  the 
casaal  hands,  this  class  must  be  allowed  to  have 
been  considerable  gainers  by  the  reduction  in  the 
price  of  food,  and  even  as  it  is,  the  constant  hands 
must  be  acknowledged  to  be  so. 

I  will  now  endeavour  to  reduce  to  a  tabular 
form  such  information  as  I  could  obtain  as  to  the 
expenditure  of  the  labourer  in  scavaging  before 
and  after  the  establishment  of  Free  Trade.  I 
inquired,  the  better  to  be  .issured  of  the  accuracy 
of  the  representations  and  accounts  I  received 
from  labourers,  the  price  of  meat  then  and  now. 
A  butcher  who  for  many  years  has  conducted  a 
business  in  a  populous  part  of  Westminster  and  in  a 
populous  suburb,  supplying  both  private  families 
with  the  best  joints,  and  the  poor  with  their 
*' little  bits"  their  "block  ornaments"  (meat  in 
small  pieces  exposed  on  the  choppingblock),  their 
purchases  of  lirer,  and  of  beasts'  heads.  In  1845, 
the  year  1  take  as  sufficiently  prior  to  the  Free- 
Trade  era,  my  informant  from  his  recollection  of 
the  state  of  his  business  and  from  consulting  his 
books,  which  of  course  were  a  correct  guide,  found 
that  for  a  portion  of  the  year  in  question,  mutton 
was  as  much  as  74f/.  per  lb.  (Smithfield  prices), 
now  the  same  quality  of  meat  is  but  5d.  This, 
however,  was  but  a  temporary  matter,  and  from 
causes  which  sometimes  are  not  very  ostensible  or 
explicable.  Taking  the  butcher's  trade  that  year 
as  a  whole,  it  was  found  sufficiently  conclusive, 
that  meat  was  generally  \d.  per  lb.  higher  then 
than  at  present.  My  informant,  however,  was 
perfectly  satisfied  that,  although  situated  in  the 
same  way,  and  with  the  same  class  of  customers, 
lie  did  not  sell  so  much  meat  to  the  poor  and 
labonring  clastes  m  be  did  five  or  six  years  ago, 
he  hdieved  not  by  om-a'gkih,  although  perhaps 
"  pricers  of  his  meat "  among  the  poor  were  more 
numerous.  For  this  my  informant  accounted 
by  ezprewing  his  conviction  that  the  labouring 
men  spent  their  money  in  drink  more  than  ever, 
and  were  a  longer  time  in  recovering  from  the 
effects  of  tippling.  This  suppotiticm,  from  what  I 
hare  obserrcd  in  the  course  of  the  present  inquiry, 
is  negatived  by  facts. 

Another  butcher,  also  supplying  the  poor,  s»id 
they  bovgfat  less  of  him ;  but  he  could  not  say 


exactly  to  what  extent,  perhaps  an  eighth,  and  he 
attributed  it  to  less  work,  there  being  no  railways 
about  London,  fewer  buildings,  and  less  general 
employment.  About  the  wages  of  the  labourers 
he  could  not  speak  as  influencing  the  matter. 
From  this  tradesmen  also  I  received  an  account 
that  meat  generally  was  1(^  per  lb.  higher  at  the 
time  specified.  Pickled  Australian  beef  was  four  or 
five  years  ago  very  low — dd.  per  lb. — salted  and 
prepared,  .ind  "  swelling"  in  hot  water,  but  the 
poor  "  couldn't  eat  the  stringy  stuff,  for  it  was  like 
pickled  ropes."  "  It 's  better  now,"  he  added, 
"  but  it  don't  sell,  and  there's  no  nourishment  in 
such  beef." 

But  these  tradesmen  agreed  in  the  information 
that  poor  labourers  bought  less  meat,  while  one 
pronounced  Free  Trade  a  blessing,  the  other  de- 
clared it  a  curse.  I  suggested  to  each  that  cheaper 
fish  might  have  something  to  do  withr  a  smaller 
consumption  of  butcher's  meat,  but  both  said  that 
cheap  fish  was  the  great  thing  for  the  Irish  and 
the  poor  needle-women  and  the- like,  who  were 
never  at  any  time  meat  eaters. 

From  respectable  bakers  I  ascertained  that 
bread  might  be  considered  Id.  a  quartern  loaf 
dearer  in  1845  than  at  present.-  Perhaps  the  follow- 
ing table  may  throw  a  fuller  light  on  the  matter. 
I  give  it  from  what  I  learned  from  several  men, 
who  were  without  accounts  to  refer  to,  but  speak- 
ing positively  from  memory ;  I  give  the  statement 
per  week,  as  for  a  single  man,  without  charge 
for  the  support  of  a  wife  and  family,  and  without 
any  help  from  other  resources. 


Saving 

Before  Free 

After    Free 

since 

Trade. 

Trade. 

Free 
Trade. 

Rent      .     .     . 

1*.  ^d. 

Is.  ed. 

Bread(51oaTes) 

1».  \\d. 

2s.  6d. 

5d 

Butter  (Jib.)    . 

5d. 

5d. 

... 

Tea  (2  ox.)  .     . 

8d. 

8d. 

... 

Sugar  (4  lb.)     . 

Zd. 

2d. 

Id. 

Meat  (31b.)     . 

Is.  6d. 

Is.  Zd. 

Zd. 

Bacon  (lib.)    . 

5d. 

5d. 

Fish  (a  dinner 

3d.,  or  1*.  6d. 

2d.,  or  Is. 

6d. 

a  day,  6  days) 

weekly. 

weekly. 

Potatoes  or  Ve- 

getables {lid. 

a  day)      .     . 

3.Jrf. 

Z\d. 

... 

Beer  (pot)  .     . 

d\d. 

Zid. 

... 

Total  saving,  per  week,  since 

Pree  Trade 

U  Zd. 

In  butter,  bacon,  potatoes,  &c.,  and  beer,  I 
could  hear  of  no  changes,  except  that  bacon  might 
be  a  trifle  cheaper,  but  instead  of  a  good  quality 
selling  better,  although  cheaper,  there  was  a  de- 
mand for  an  inferior  sort. 

In  the  foregoing  table  the  weekly  consumption 
of  several  necessaries  is  given,  but  it  is  not  to  be 
understood  that  one  man  consumes  them  all  in  a 
week  ;  they  are  what  may  generally  be  consumed 
when  such  things  are  in  demand  by  the  poor,  one 
week  after  another,  or  one  day  after  another, 
forming  an  aggregate  of  weeks. 


230 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Thus,  Free  Trade  and  cheap  proviBions  are  an 
unquestionable  benefit,  if  unaffected  by  drawbacks, 
to  the  labouring  poor. 

The  above  statement  refers  only  to  a  fully  em- 
ployed hand. 

The  following  table  gives  the  change  since 
Free  Trade  in  the  earnings  of  casual  hands,  and 
relates  to  the  past  and  the  present  expenditure  of  a 
Bcavager.  The  man,  who  was  formerly  a  house 
painter,  said  he  could  bring  me  50  men  similarly 
circumstanced  to  himself. 


In  1845,  pel 

Week. 

In  1851,  per 

Week. 

s.    d. 

s,   d. 

Eent 

,    1    4 

Rent 

.    1    8 

5  loaves    . 

.    2  11 

4  loaves    . 

.    2    0 

Butter      . 

.    0     5 

Butter      . 

.    0    5 

Tea. 

.    0    6 

Tea. 

.    0    5 

Meat  (3  lbs.) 

.     1     6 

Meat  (3  lbs.) 

.    1    0 

Potatoes   . 

.    0     3 

Potatoes   . 

.    0    2 

Beer  (a  pot) 

.    0    4 

Beer  (a  pint) 

.    0    2 

7    3 

5  10 

Here,  then,  we  find  a  positive  saving  in  the  ex- 
penditure of  l5.  5e?.  per  week  in  this  man's  wages, 
since  the  cheapening  of  food. 

His  earnings,  however,  tell  a  different  story. 


1845. 

1851. 

Earnings  of  6  days   .    . 
Ditto       3  days    .    . 

*.    d. 
16    0 

s.    d. 
7    6 

Weekly  Income    .    .    . 
Expenditure     .... 

Difference     .    .     . 

15    0 
7    3 

7    9 

7    6 
5  10 

1    8 

Thus  we  pereeive  that  the  beneficial  effects  of 
cheapness  are  defeated  by  the  dearth  of  employ- 
ment among  labourers. 

It  is  impossible  to  come  to  precise  statistics  in 
this  matter,  but  all  concurrent  evidence,  as  regards 
the  unskilled  work  of  which  I  now  treat,  shows 
that  labour  is  attainable  at  almost  any  rate. 

Another  drawback  to  the  benefits  of  cheap  food 
I  heard  of  first  in  my  inquiries  (for  the  Letters  on 
Labour  and  the  Poor,  in  the  Morning  Chronicle) 
among  the  boot  and  shoemakers — their  rents  had 
been  raised  in  consequence  of  their  landlords' 
property  having  been  subjected  to  the  income 
tax.  Numbers  of  large  houses  are  now  let  out 
in  single  rooms,  in  the  streets  off  Tottenham- 
court-road,  and  near  Golden-square,  as  well  as 
in  many  other  quarters — to  men,  who,  working 
for  West-end  tradesmen,  must  live,  for  economy  of 
time,  near  the  shops  from  which  they  derive  their 
work.     Near  and  in  Cunningham-street  and  other 


streets,  two  men,  father  and  son,  rent  upwards  of 
30  houses,  the  whole  of  which  they  let  out  in  one 
or  two  rooms,  it  is  believed  at  a  very  great 
profit ;  in  fact  they  live  by  it. 

The  rent  of  these  houses,  among  many  others, 
was  raised  when  the  income  tax  was  imposed,  the 
sub-lettors  declaring,  with  what  truth  no  one 
knew,  that  the  rents  were  raised  to  them.  It  is 
common  enough  for  capitalists  to  fling  such  im- 
posts on  the  shoulders  of  the  poor,  and  I  heard 
scavagers  complain,  that  every  time  they  had  to 
change  their  rooms,  they  had  either  to  pay  more 
rent  by  2d.  or  Bd.  a  week,  or  put  up  with  a 
worse  place.  One  man  who  lived  at  the  time  of 
the  passing  of  the  Income  Tax  Bill  in  Shoe-lane, 
found  his  rent  raised  suddenly  3c?.  a  week,  a  non- 
resident landlord  or  agent  calling  for  it  weekly. 
He  was  told  that  the  advance  was  to  meet  the  in- 
come tax.    "  I  know  nothing  about  what  income  tax 

means,"  he  said,  "  but  it 's  some roguery  as  is 

put  on  the  poor."  I  heard  complaints  to  the  same 
purport  from  several  working  scavagers,  and  the 
letters  of  rooms  are  the  most  exacting  in  places 
crowded  with  the  poor,  and  where  the  poor  think 
or  feel  they  must  reside  "  to  be  handy  for  work." 
What  connection  there  may  be  between  the  ques- 
tions of  Free  Trade  and  the  necessity  of  the  in- 
come tax,  it  is  not  my  business  now  to  dilate 
upon,  but  it  is  evident  that  the  circumstances  of 
the  country  are  not  sufficiently  prosperous  to 
enable  parliament  to  repeal  this  "temporary" 
impost. 

From  a  better  informed  class  than  the  scavagers, 
I  might  have  derived  data  on  which  to  form 
a  calculation  firom  account  books,  &c.,  but  I 
could  hear  of  none  being  kept.  I  remember 
that  a  lady's  shoemaker  told  me  that  the  weekly 
rents  of  the  ten  rooms  in  the  house  in  which  he 
lived  were  45.  3d  higher  than  before  the  income 
tax,  which  "  came  to  the  same  thing  as  an  extra 
penny  on  over  50  loaves  a  week."  It  is  certain 
that  the  great  tax-payers  of  London  are  the 
labouring  classes. 

I  have  endeavoured  to  ascertain  the  facts  in 
connection  with  this  complex  subject  in  as  calm 
and  just  a  manner  as  possible,  leaning  neither  to 
the  Protectionist  nor  the  Free-Trade  side  of  the 
question,  and  I  must  again  in  honesty  acknow- 
ledge, that  to  the  constant  hands  among  the 
scavagers  and  dustmen  of  the  metropolis,  the 
repeal  of  the  Com  Laws  appears  to  have  been  an 
unquestionable  benefit. 

I  shall  conclude  this  exposition  of  the  condition 
and  earnings  of  the  working  scavagers  employed 
by  the  more  honourable  masters,  with  an  account 
of  the  average  income  and  expenditure  of  the 
better-paid  hands  (regular  and  casual,  as  well  as 
single  and  married),  and  first,  of  the  unmarried 
regular  hand. 

The  following  is  an  estimate  of  the  income  and 
expenditure  of  an  nnmayried  operative  scavager 
regularly  employed,  working  for  a  large  con- 
tractor : — 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


231 


WKKKLV  nfcosrs. 

£»,    d. 
Wages. 
weekly 

..    0  16    0 
..020 


Actnal     wedLly 


TrKKKLY  aXPKXDITURE. 

£  s.  d. 

Rent    0    2    0 

Washin/;        and 

mending 0    0  10 

Clothes,  and  re- 
pairing ditto. .  0 

Butcher's  meat. .  0 

Bacon 0 


0  10 
3    6 


VegeUbles. 
Cheese    ... 


0 
0 
0 
SplriU 0 


Tobacco. . . 
Butter.... 
Sugar  ..... 

Tea 

Coffee.... 

Fish , 

Soap    ..... 

Shaving 0 

Fruit  0 

Keep  of  2  dogs. .    0 
Amusements,  as 
skittles,  &c.  . .    0 


0  10} 


0  18    0 

The  subjoined  represents  the  income  of  an  uii' 
man-itd  operative  scavager  casually  employed  by 
a  small  master  scavager  six  months  during  the 
year,  at  15^.  a  week,  and  20  weeks  at  sand  and 
rubbish  carting,  at  12^.  a  week. 

Casual  WofK*.  £  s.  d. 
Nominal  weekly  wages  at  scavaging,  1G».  for 

26  weeks  during  the  year   20  16  0 

Perqubites,  2*.  for  26  weeks  during  the  year . .    2  12  0 

Actual  weekly  wages  for  26  weeks  during  the 
year  0  16    0 

Nominal  and  actual  weekly  wages  at  rubbish 
carting*  12*.  for  20  weeks  more  during  the 
•anx  12    0    0 


Areiage  casual    or    constant   weekly   wages 
throughout  the  year    0  15    4} 

Th«  expenditure  of  this  man  when  in  work  was 
nearly  the  same  as  that  of  the  regular  hand ;  the 
main  exceptions  being  that  bis  rent  was  Is.  instead 
of  2s.,  and  no  dogs  were  kept.  When  in  work  he 
saved  nothing,  and  when  out  of  work  lived  as  he 
could. 

The  married  scavagers  are  differently  circum- 
stanced from  the  unmarried;  their  earnings  are 
generally  increased  by  those  of  their  family. 

The  labour  of  the  wives  and  children  of  the 
scavagers  is  not  unfrequently  in  the  capacity  of 
sifters  in  the  dust-yards,  where  the  wives  of  the 
men  employed  by  the  contractors  have  the  prefer- 
ence, and  in  other  but  somewhat  rude  capacities. 
One  of  their  wives  I  heard  of  as  a  dresser  of 
sheep's  trotters ;  two  as  being  among  the  most 
skilful  dressers  of  tripe  for  a  large  shop ;  one  as 
"  a  cat's-meat  seller  "  (her  father's  calling) ;  but  I 
still  apeak  of  the  r^;ular  scavagers — I  could  not 
meet  with  one  woman  "  working  a  slop-needle." 
One,  iBdted,  I  MW  who  was  described  to  me  as  a 
"  *'-**»^^  drewer  to  an  oat-and-out  negur,"  but  the 
woman  aMored  me  she  waa  neither  badly  paid  nor 
badly  o£  Perhapa  by  such  labour,  as  an  average 
on  the  part  of  the  wives,  0<2.  a  day  is  cleared, 
and  1«.  ''  on  tripe  and  such  like."  Among  the 
*'  casual's  "  wives  there  are  frequent  instances  of 
the  working  for  slop  shirt-makers,  &c,  upon  the 
coarser  sorts  of  work,  and  at  **  starvation  wages," 
but  on   soch   matters   I   have   often  dwelt      I 


heard  from  some  of  these  men  that  it  was  looked 
upon  as  a  great  thing  if  the  wife's  labour  could 
clear  the  week's  rent  of  Is.  6<Z.  to  25. 

The  following  may  be  taken  as  an  estimate  of 
the  income  and  outlay  of  a  letter  -paid  and  fully 
employed  operative  scavager,  with  his  wife  and  two 
children: — 


WBCKLY    INCOME   OF  THK 
FAMILY. 

£    8.   d. 
Nominal  weekly 

wages  of  man. 

Ids. 
Perquisites,  2*. 
Actual      weekly 

wages  of  man.    0  18    0 
Nonnnal  weekly 

wages  of  wife, 

6j. 
Perquisites       in 

coal  and  wood, 

1*.  4(/. 
Actual      weekly 

wages  of  wife  .074 
Nominal  weekly 

wages  of  boy..    0    3    0 


1    8    4 


WKKKLY      EXPENDITURE 
OF   THE   FAMILY. 

£   9.    d. 

Rent   0    3    0 

Candle    0    0    3i 

Bread 0    2    1 

Butter 0    0  10 

Sugar 0    0    8 

Tea 0    0  10 

Coffee 0    0    4 

Butcher's  meat. .  0    3    6 

Bacon 0    1    2 

Potetoes 0    0  10 

Raw  fish 0    0    4 

Herrings    0    0    4 

Beer  (at  home)  ..020 

,,    (at  work)..  0    16 

Spirits 0    10 

Cheese    0    0    6 

Flour 0    0    3 

Suet 0    0    3 

Fruit 0    0    3 

Rice 0    0    OJ 

Soap    0    0    6 

Starch 0    0    OJ 

Soda  and  blue  ..001 

Dubbing    0    0    Oi 

Clothes    for  the 

whole    family, 

and    repairing 

ditto    0    2    0 

Boots  and  shoes 

for  ditto,  ditto  0    16 

Milk    0    0    7 

Salt,  pepper,  and 

mustard 0    0    1 

Tobacco 0    0    9 

Wear  and  tear  of 

betiding, crocks, 

&c 0    0    3 

Schooling       for 

girl  0    0    3 

Baking  Sunday's 

dinner 0    0    2 

Mantjling  0    0    3 

Amusements  and 

sundries 0    10 

1    7    6 


The  subjoined,  on  the  other  hand,  gives  the 
income  and  outlay  of  a  casually  employed  opera- 
tive scavager  {better  paid)  with  his  wife  and 
two  boys  in  constant  work  : — 


WUCKLY    INCOME  OF   TUB 

WEEKLY    EXPKNDITUHB 

FAMILY. 

or  THE    FAMILY. 

£    t 

d. 

£   1.  d. 

Nominal    wages 

Rent    

0    3    6 

of  man  at  sca- 

Candle     

0    0    6 

vaging  for  SIX 

Soap    

0    0    4 

months,  at  lti«. 

Soda,  starch,  and 

weekly. 

blue 

0    0    2} 

Ditto  at  rubbish 

Bread 

0    2    6 

0    0    9 

months,       12#, 

Dripping    

0    0    5 

weekly. 

Sugar." 

0    0    8 

Average     casual 

Tea 

0    0    8 

wagesthrough- 

Coffee 

0    0    6 

out  tlu'  year  . . 

0  15 

0 

Butcher's  meat.. 

0    3    6 

Nominal  weekly 

Bacon  

0    1    0 

wages  of  wife, 

6«.  (constant). 

Perquisites       in 

Potatoes 

0    1    0 

Cheese    

0    0    6 

Raw  fish 

0    0    4 

wood  and  coal. 

Fried  £h'.'.*.'.'.'.* 

0    0    3 

I«4<f. 

0    0    3 

Actual      weekly 

Flour 

0    0    3 

wages  of  wife. 

0    7 

4 

Suet 

0    0    8 

232 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


£ 

». 

rf.    1 

Nominal  weekly 

wafies  of 

two 

boys,     7*. 

the 

two 

Perquisites 

for 

running 

on 

messages, 

U. 

the  two 

con- 

1 

sunt). 

Actual      weekly 

wages    of 

the 

two  boys.. 

....    0 

8 

0 

1 

10 

4 

Fruit 0    0    (5 

Rice 0    0    li 

Beer  (at  home)  .020 

,,    (at  work)  .019 

Spirits 0    10 

Tobacco 0    0    9 

Pepper,  salt,  and 

mustard 0    0    1 

Milk    0    0    7 

Clothe*  for  man, 

wife,   and    fa- 
mily     0    2    0 

Repairing    ditto 

for  ditto 0    0    G 

Boots  and  shoes 

for  ditto 0    16 

Rq)airing    ditto 

for  ditto 0    0    8 

Wear  and  tear  of 

bedding, crocks, 

&c 0    0    3 

Baking  Sunday'* 

dinner 0    0    2 

Mangling 0    0    2 

Amusements, 

sundries,  &c.  .010 

1  10    4 


Of  tue  Worse  Paid  Scavagers,  or  those 
WORKING  for  Scurf*  Ejiployers. 

There  are  in  tlie  scavagers'  trade  the  game  dis- 
tinct classes  of  employers  as  appertain  to  all  other 
trades ;  these  consist  of : — 

1.  The  large  capitalists. 

2.  The  small  capitalists. 

As  a  nile  (with  some  few  honourable  and  dis- 
honourable exceptions,  it  is  true)  I  find  that  the 
large  capitalists  in  the  several  trades  are  generally 
the  employers  who  pay  the  higher  wages,  and  the 
small  men  those  who  pay  the  lower.    The  reasons 
for  this  conduct  are  almost  obvious.     The  power 
of  the  capital  of  the  **  large    master"   must    be  | 
contended   against   by  the  small   one ;   and    the  I 
usual  mode  of  contention  in  all  trades  is  by  re-  I 
ducing  the   wages  of  the    working   men.       The 
wealthy  master  has,  of  course,  many  advantages 
over  the  poor  one.     (1)  He  can  pay  ready  money, 
and    obtain    discounts    for    immediate    payment.  I 
(2)    He  can  buy  in  large  quantities,  and  so  get  | 
his  stock  cheaper.     (3)  He  cm  purchase  what  he  ! 
wants  in  the  best  markets,  and  that  direcdi/  of 
the  producer,  without  the  intervention  and  profit 
of  the  middleman.     (4)  He  can  buy  at  the  best 
times  and   seasons;   and   '"lay  in"  what  lie  re- 
quires for  the  purposes  of  his  trade  long  before 
it  is  needed,  provided   he  can  obtain  it  "a  bar- 
gain."     (5)    He  can  avail  himself  of  the    best 
tools  and  mechanical   contrivances  for  increasing  | 
the  productiveness  or  "economizing  the  labour" 
of  his  workmen.     (6)  He  can  build  and  arrange 
his  places  of  work  upon  the  most  approved  plan 
and  in  the  best  situations  for  the  manufacture  and 
distribution    of   the    commodities.      (7)    He    can 
employ  the  highest  talent  for  the  management  or 


*  The  Saxon  Sreorfa,  which  is  the  original  of  the  Eng- 
lish Scurf,  means  a  scab,  and  scab  is  the  term  given  to 
the  "cheap  men"  in  the  shocmaking  tiadc.  Scab  is 
the  root  of  our  word  Shabby  ;  hence  Scurf  and  Scab,  de- 
prived of  their  offensive  associations,  both  mean  shabby 
fellows. 


design  of  the  work  on  which  he  is  engaged.  (8) 
He  can  institute  a  more  effective  system  ifor 
the  surveillance  and  checking  of  his  workmen. 
(9)  He  can  employ  a  large  number  of  hands,  and 
so  reduce  the  secondary  expenses  (of  firino:,  light- 
ing, &c.)  attendant  upon  the  work,  as  well  as  the 
number  of  superintendents  and  others  engaged  to 
'*  look  after"  the  operatives.  (10)  He  can  resort 
to  extensive  means  of  making  his  trade  known. 
(11)  He  can  sell  cheaper  (even  if  his  cost  of  pro- 
duction be  the  same),  from  employing  a  larger 
capital,  and  being  able  to  "  do  with"  a  less  rate 
of  profit.  (12)  He  can  afford  to  give  credit,  and 
so  obUiin  customers  that  he  might  otherwise 
lose. 

Tiie  .tmall  capitalist,  therefore,  enters  the  field 
of    competition    by    no    means    equally   matched 
against  his  more  wealthy  rival,     What  the  little 
master  wants  in  "  substance,"  however,  he  gene- 
rally endeavours  to  make  up  in  cunning.     If  he 
cannot  buy  his  materials  as  cheap  as  a  trader  of 
larger    means,    he    uses   an    inferior    or    cheaper 
article,  and  seeks  by  some  trick  or  other  to  palm 
it  off  as   equal   to  the  superior  and  dearer  kind. 
If  the  tools  and  appliances  of  the  trade  are  expen- 
sive, he  either  transfers  the  cost  of  providing  them 
to  the  workmen,  or  else  he  charges  them  a  rent 
for  their  use ;  and  so  with  the  places  of  work,  he 
mulcts  their  wages  of  a  certain  sum  per  week  for 
the  gas  by  which  they  labour,  or  he  makes  them 
do  their  work  at  home,  and  thus  saves  the  expense 
of  a  workshop;    and,  lastlj-,  he   pays   his   men 
cither  a  less  sum  than  usual  for  the  same  quantity 
of  labour,  or  exacts  a  greater  quantity  from  them 
for  the  same  sum  of  mono}'.     By  one  or  other  of 
these  means  does  the  man  of  limited  capital  seek 
to  counterbalance  the  advantages  which  his  more 
wealthy  rival  obtains  by  the  possession  of  exten- 
sive "resources."     The  large  employer  is  enabled 
to  work  cheaper  by  the  sheer  force"  of  his  larger 
capital.     He  reduces  the  cost  of  production,  not 
by  employing  a  cheaper  labour,  but  by  "  econo- 
mizing the   labour"  that  he  does  employ.     The 
small  employer,  on  the  other  hand,  seeks  to  keep 
pace  with   his  larger  rival,  and   strives   to  work 
cheap,  not  by  "the  economy  of  labour"  (for  this 
is  hardly  possible  in  the  small  way  of  production), 
but    by    reducing   the    wages    of    his    labourers. 
Hence  the  rxiU  in  almost  every  trade  is  that  the 
smaller  capitalists  pay  a   lower   rate   of  wages. 
To  this,  however,  there  are  many  honourable  ex- 
ceptions among  the  small  masters,  and  many  as 
dishonourable  among  the  larger  ones  in  different 
trades.     Messrs,   Moses,  Nicoll,  and   Hyams,  for 
instance,   are   men    who   certainly  cannot    plead 
deficiency  of  means  as  an  excuse  for  reducing  the 
ordinary  rate  of  wages  among  the  tailors. 

Those  employers  who  seek  to  reduce  the  prices 
of  a  trade  are  known  technologically  as  "  cutting 
employers"  in  contradistinction  to  the  standard 
employers,  or  those  who  pay  their  workpeople  and 
sell  their  goods  at  the  ordinary  rates. 

Of  "  cutting  employers"  there  are  several  kinds, 
differently  designated,  according  to  the  different 
means   by  which  they  gain  their  ends.     These 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


233 


1 .  "  Drirtrs,"^  or  those  who  compel  the  men  in 
their  employ  to  do  more  work  fi)r  the  same  wages  ; 
of  this  kind  there  are  two  distinct  varieties  : — 

a.  The  long-hour  moikrs,  or  those  who  make 
the  men  work  longer  than  the  usual  hours 
of  labour. 

h.  The  fhapping  masters, or  those  who  make 
the  men  (by  extra  supervision)  "  strap  "  to 
their  work,  so  as  to  do  a  greater  quantity 
of  labour  in  the  usual  time. 

2.  Grinders,  or  those  who  compel  the  work- 
men (through  their  necessities)  to  do  the  same 
amount  of  work  for  less  than  the  ot\Iinary 
wages. 

The  reduction  of  waces  thus  brought  about 
may  or  may  not  be  attended  with  a  corre- 
sponding reduction  in  the  price  of  the  goods 
to  the  public ;  if  the  price  of  the  goods 
be  reduced  in  proportion  to  the  reduction  of 
wages,  the  consumer,  of  course,  is  benefited  at 
the  expense  of  the  producer.  V^hen  it  is  not 
followed  by  a  like  diminution  in  the  selling  price 
of  the  article,  and  the  wages  of  which  the  men 
are  mulct  go  to  increase  the  profits  of  the  capitalist, 
the  employer  alone  is  benefited,  and  is  then 
known  as  a  "  graspei:" 

Some  cutting  tradesmen,  however,  endeavour  to 
undersell  their  more  wealthy  rivals,  by  reducing 
the  ordinary  rate  of  profit,  and  extending  their 
business  on  the  principle  of  small  profits  and 
quick  returns,  th^  "nimble  ninepence  "  being  con- 
sidered "  better  than  the  slow  shilling."  Such 
traders,  of  course,  cannot  be  said  to  reduce  wages 
directly — indirectly,  l^owever,  they  have  the  same 
effect,  for  in  reducing  prices,  other  traders,  ever 
ready  to  compete  with  them,  but,  unwilling,  or 
perhaps  nnable,  to  accept  less  than  the  ordinary 
rate  of  profit,  seek  to  attain  the  same  cheapness 
by  diminishing  the  cost  of  production,  and  for 
this  end  the  labourers'  wages  are  almost  in- 
Tarwbly  reduced. 

Such  are  the  characteristics  of  the  cheap  em- 
ployers in  all  trades.  Let  me  now  proceed  to 
point  out  the  peculiarities  of  what  are  called  the 
•curf  employers  in  the  sea  vagi  ng  trade. 

The  insidious  practices  of  capitalists  in  other 
callings,  in  reducing  the  hire  of  labour,  are  not 
unknown  to  the  scavagers.  The  evils  of  which 
these  workmen  have  to  complain  under  scurf  or 
slop  masters  are  : — 

1.  Driving,  or  being  compelled  to  do  more 
work  for  the  same  pay. 

2.  Grinding,  or  being  compelled  to  do  the 
same  or  a  greater  amount  of  work  for  Ust])ay. 

1.  Under  the  first  head,  if  the  employment  be 
at  all  regular,  I  heard  few  complaints,  for  the  men 
seemed  to  bare  learned  to  look  upon  it  as  an  in- 
eTitable  thing,  that  one  way  or  other  they  mtisi 
fubmit,  by  the  receipt  of  a  reduced  wage,  or  the 
exercise  of  a  greater  toil,  to  a  deterioration  in 
their  means. 

The  system  of  driving,  or,  in  other  words,  the 
means  by  which  extra  work  is  got  out  of  the  men 
for  the  same  remuneration,  in  the  scavagers'  trade 
is  a«  follows:— some  employers  cause  their  sca- 
vagers after  their  days  work  in  the  streeu,  to 


load  the  barges  wi:h  the  street  and  house-col- 
lected manure,  without  any  additional  payment; 
whereas,  among  the  more  liberal  employers,  therd 
are  bargemen  who  are  employed  to  attend  to  this 
department  of  the  trade,  and  if  their  street  sca- 
vagers are  so  employed,  which  is  not  very  often, 
it  is  computed  as  extra  work  or  "  over  hours," 
and  paid  for  accordingly.  This  same  indirect 
mode  of  reducing  wages  (b\'  getting  more  work  done 
for  the  same  pay)  is  seen  in  many  piece-work 
callings.  The  slop  boot  and  shoe  makers  pay  the 
same  price  as  they  did  six  or  seven  years  ago,  but 
they  have  "  knocked  off  the  extras,"  as  the  addi- 
tional jiUowance  for  greater  than  the  ordinary 
heictht  of  heel,  and  the  like.  So  the  slop  Mayor 
of  Manchester,  Sir  Elkanah  Armitage,  within  the 
last  year  or  two,  sought  to  obtain  from  his  men  a 
greater  length  of  "  cut "  to  each  piece  of  woven 
for  the  same  wages. 

Some  master  scavagers  or  contractors,  moreover, 
reduce  wages  by  making  their  men  do  what  is  con- 
sidered the  work  of  "  a  man  and  a  half"  in  a  week, 
without  the  recompense  due  for  the  labour  of  the 
"  half"  man's  v/ork;  in  other  words,  they  require 
the  men  to  condense  eight  or  nine  days'  labour 
into  six,  and  to  be  paid  for  the  six  days  only ; 
this  again  is  usual  in  the  strapping  shops  of  the 
carpenters'  trade. 

Thus  the  class  of  street-sweepers  do  not  differ 
materially  in  the  circumstances  of  their  position 
from  other  bodies  of  workers  skilled  and  un- 
skilled. 

Let  me,  however,  give  a  practical  illustration  of 
the  loss  accruing  to  the  working  scavagers  by  the 
driving  method  of  reducing  wages, 

A  is  a  large  contractor  and  a  driver.  He  em- 
ploys 16  men,  and  pays  them  the  "  regular  wages"' 
of  the  honourable  trade ;  but,  instead  of  limiting 
the  hours  of  labour  to  12,  as  is  usual  among  the 
better  class  of  employers,  he  compels  each  of  his 
men  to  work  at  the  least  16  hours  per  diem, 
which  is  one-third  more,  and  for  which  the  men 
should  receive  one  third  more  wages.  Let  us  see, 
therefore,  how  much  the  men  in  his  employ  lose 
annually  by  these  means. 


Sum  re- 
ceived \H!T 
Annum. 

Sum  they 
should 
receive. 

Differ- 
ence. 

4  Gangers,  at  IIU.  a) 
week,  for  5)  months  > 
in  the  year 1 

12  Sweepers,  at  I6».  ai 
week,  for !» months  > 
In  the  year ) 

£      ». 
HO    8 

374    0 

210  12 
409    4 

£    ,. 
70    4 

124  16 

Total  wages  per  Ann. 

fil4  16 

709  10 

195    0 

Here,  then,  we  find  the  annual  loss  to  these 
men  through  the  system  of  "driving"  to  be  195^. 
per  annum. 

But  A  is  not  the  only  driver  in  the  scavagers' 
trade;  out  of  the  19  masters  having  contracts 
for  Bcavaging,  as  cited  in  the  table  given  at  pp. 
213,  214,  there  are  4  who  are  regular  drivers; 
and,  making  the  same  ciilculation  as  above,  we 
have  the  following  results  : — 


234 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


26  Gangers,  at  ]8«.  a) 
week,  for  9  months  > 
in  the  year ) 

SOSweeners,  at  16>.  a) 
week,  for  9  months  > 
in  the  year ) 


Sum  re- 
ceived per 
Annum. 


912  12 


2496    0 


Sum  they 
should 
receive, 


£     s. 
1216  16 


3328    0 


Differ- 
ence. 


£      8. 

304    4 


Thus  we  find  that  the  gross  sum  of  which  the 
men  employed  by  these  drivers  are  deprived,  is 
no  less  than  1136^.  per  annum. 

2.  The  second  or  indirect  mode  of  reducing 
the  wages  of  the  men  in  the  scavaging  trade  is  by 
Ch-inding;  that  is  to  say,  by  making  the  men  do 
the  same  amount  of  work  for  less  pay.  It  re- 
quires nothing  but  a  practical  illustration  to  render 
the  injury  of  this  particular  mode  of  reduction 
apparent  to  the  public. 

B  is  a  master  scavager  (a  small  contractor, 
though  the  instances  are  not  confined  to  this  class), 
and  a  *•'  Chinder."  He  pays  Is.  a  week  less  than 
the  "  regular  wages"  of  the  honourable  trade.  He 
employs  six  men;  hence  the  amount  that  the 
workmen  in  his  pay  are  mulct  of  every  year  is  as 
follows : — 


6  men,  at  I5s.  a  week,  "1 
for  9  months  in  the 
year J 


Sum  re-  iSum  they 
ceived  per     should 
Annum,     receive. 


£   s. 
175  10 


£ 
187 


Differ- 
ence. 


£    s. 
11  14 


Here  the  loss  to  the  men  is  111.  lis.  per  annum, 
and  there  is  but  one  such  grinder  among  the  19 
master  scavagers  who  have  contracts  at  present. 

3.  The  third  and  last  method  of  reducing  the 
earnings  of  the  men  as  above  enumerated,  is  by 
a  combination  of  both  the  systems  before  explained, 
viz.,  by  grinding  and  driving  united,  that  is  to 
say,  by  not  only  paying  the  men  a  smaller  wage 
than  the  more  honoiu-able  masters,  but  by  compel- 
ling them  to  work  longer  hours  as  well.  Let  me 
cite  another  illustration  from  the  trade. 

C  is  a  large  contractor,  and  both  a  grinder  and 
driver.  He  employs  28  men,  and  not  only  pays  them 
less  wages,  but  makes  them  work  longer  hours  than 
the  better  class  of  employers.  The  men  in  his 
pay,  therefore,  are  annually  mulct  of  the  following 


Here  the  annual  loss  to  the  men  employed  by 
this  one  master  is  292^  19s.  6(f. 

Among  the  19  master  scavagers  there  are  al- 
together 7  employers  who  are  both  grinders  and 
drivers.  These  employ  among  them  no  less  than 
111  hands ;  hence,  the  gross  amount  of  which  their 
workmen  are  yearly  defrau — no,  let  me  adhere 
to  the  principles  of  political  economy,  and  say 
deprived — is  as  under  : — 


SUM   THE    MEN  ANNUALLY 
HKCSIVE. 

£  «.  d. 
28Gangers,atl6«. 

a  week,  em- 
ployed   for    9 

months  in  the 

year 873  12  0 

83    Sweepers,   at 

15*.    a    week, 

employed     for 

9    months     in 

the  year 2427  15  0 


3301    7  0 


8tTM  THBT  SHOULD  AN- 
NUALLY RECEIVE. 

£    ».    d. 
28    Gangers,  at 

18».    a    week 

(12    hours    a 

day),     for     9 

months  in  the 

year  982  16    0 

Over    work,     4 

hours  per  day    245  14    0 
83  Sw^eepers,  at 

16*.   a    week, 

12  hours  a  day  2589  12    0 
Over    work,    4 

hours  per  day    647    8   0 


4465  10    0 


Here  we  perceive  the  gross  loss  to  the  opera- 
tives from  the  system  of  combined  grinding  and 
driving  to  be  no  less  than  1164^  3s.  per  annum. 

Now  let  us  see  what  is  the  aggregate  loss  to 
the  working  men  from  the  several  modes  of  re- 
ducing their  wages  as  above  detailed. 

£.    s.    d. 

Loss  to  the  working  scavagers 
by  the '*  driving "  of  employers.      1136     4     0 

Ditto  by  the  "  grinding "        .         11  14     0 

Ditto  by  the  "grinding  and 
driving "  of  employers       .         .     1164 


3    0 


Total  loss  to  the  working  sca- 
vagers per  annum     .         .         .     2312 


1     0 


SUMS  THE   MEN    RECEIVE. 
£     8.     d. 

7  Gangers,  at  16». 

a  week,  for  9 

months  in  the 

year 218    8    0 

21   Sweepers,   at 

lo«.  a  week 614    5    0 


SUMS  THEY  SHOULD 
RECEIVE. 

£  8.  d. 
7  Gangers,  at  ISs. 

a  week,  for  9 

months  in  the 

year 245  14    0 

Over     work,     4 

hours  per  day.  61  8  6 
21    Sweepers,  at 

ICi*.  a  week,  12 

hours  a  day  . .  Go5  4  0 
Over     work,     4 

hours  a  day  . .  163    6    0 


1125  12 


Now  this  is  a  large  sura  of  money  to  be  wrested 
annually  out  of  the  workmen — that  it  is  so 
wrested  is  demonstrated  by  the  fact  cited  at 
p.  174  in  connection  with  the  dust  trade. 

The  wages  of  the  dustmen  employed  by  the 
large  contractors,  it  is  there  stated,  have  been 
increased  within  the  last  seven  years  from  6d. 
to  8d.  per  load.  This  increase  in  the  rate  of  re- 
muneration was  owing  to  complaints  made  by  the 
men  to  the  Commissioners  of  Sewers,  that  they 
were  not  able  to  live  on  their  earnings ;  an  in- 
quiry took  place,  and  the  result  was  that  the 
Commissioners  decided  upon  letting  the  contracts 
only  to  such  parties  as  would  undertake  to  pay 
a  fair  price  to  their  workmen.  The  contractors 
accordingly  increased  the  remuneration  of  the 
labourers  as  mentioned. 

Now  political  economy  would  tell  tis  that  the 
Commissioners  interfered  with  wages  in  a  most 
reprehensible  manner — preventing  the  natural 
operation  of  the  law  of  Supply  and  Demand  ;  but 
both  justice  and  benevolence  assure  us  that  the 
Commissioners  did  perfectly  right.  The  masters 
in  the  dust  trade  were  forced  to  make  good  to  the 
men  what  they  had  previously  taken  from  them, 
and  the  same  should  be  done  in,  the  scavaging 
trade — the  contracts  should  be  let  only  to  those 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


23i 


nmstera  who  will  undertake  to  pay  the  regular 
rate  of  wages,  and  employ  their  men  only  the  re- 
gular hours;  for  by  such  means,  and  by  such  means 
alone,  can  justice  be  done  to  the  operatives. 

Thi«  brings  me  to  the  cause  of  the  reduction  of 
va^  til  tite  scaraging  trade.  The  scurf  trade, 
I  am  informed,  has  been  carried  on  among  the 
master  scavagers  upwards  of  20  years,  and  arose 
partly  from  the  contractors  having  to  j)<f^lf  the 
parishes  for  the  house-dust  and  street-sweepings, 
brieze  and  street  manure  at  that  period  often  sell- 
ing for  30».  the  chaldron  or  load.  The  demand 
for  this  kind  of  manure  20  years  ago  was  so 
great,  that  there  was  a  competition  carried  on 
among  the  contractors  themselves,  each  out-bidding 
the  other,  so  as  to  obtain  the  right  of  collecting  it ; 
and  in  order  not  to  lose  anything  by  the  large 
sums  which  they  were  induced  to  bid  for  the  con- 
tracts, the  employers  began  gradually  to  ''grind 
down"  their  men  from  17s.  6ii.  (the  sura  paid  20 
yean  back)  to  17«.  a  week,  and  eventually  to  15.^, 
and  even  12*.  weekly.  This  is  a  curious  and  in- 
structive fiict,  as  showing  that  even  an  increase  of 
prices  will,  under  the  contract  system,  induce  a  re- 
duction of  wages.  The  greed  of  traders  becomes, 
it  appears,  from  the  very  height  of  the  prices,  pro- 
portionally intensified,  and  from  the  desire  of  each 
to  reap  the  benefit,  they  are  led  to  outbid  one 
another  to  such  an  extent,  and  to  offer  such  large 
premiums  for  the  right  of  appropriation,  as  to 
necessitate  a  reduction  of  every  possible  expense 
in  order  to  make  any  profit  at  all  upon  the  trans- 
action. Owing,  moreover,  to  the  surplus  labour  in 
the  trade,  the  contractors  were  enabled  to  offer 
any  premiums  and  reduce  wages  as  they  pleased  ; 
for  the  casually-employed  men,  when  the  wet 
season  was  over,  and  their  services  no  longer  re- 
quired, were  continually  calling  upon  the  con- 
tractors, and  offering  their  services  at  2s.  and  3*. 
less  per  week  than  the  regular  hands  were  re- 
cei\'ing.  The  consequence  was,  that  five  or  six 
of  the  master  scavagers  began  to  reduce  the  wages 
of  their  labourers,  and  since  that  time  the  number 
has  been  gradually  increasing,  until  now  there 
are  no  less  than  21  scurf  masters  (8  of  whom  have 
no  contracts)  out  of  the  34  contractors ;  so  that 
nearly  three-fifths  of  the  entire  trade  belong  to 
the  grinding  class.  Within  the  last  seven  or  eight 
years,  however,  there  has  been  an  increase  of 
wages  in  connection  with  the  city  operative  scava- 
gers. This  was  owing  mainly  to  the  operatives 
complaining  to  the  Commissioners  that  they  could 
not  live  upon  the  wages  they  were  then  receiving — 
1 2s.  and  1  is.  a  week.  The  circumstances  inducing 
the  change,  I  am  informed,  were  as  follows : — 
one  of  the  gangers  asked  a  tradesman  in  the  city 
to  give  the  strecWwaepers  "  something  for  beer," 
whereupon  the  tiadanum  inquired  if  the  men 
could  not  find  beer  out  of  their  wages,  and  on 
being  awnred  that  they  were  receiving  only  12*.  a 
week,  he  had  the  matter  brought  before  the  Board. 
The  result  was,  that  the  wages  of  the  operatives 
v.fTc  increased  from  12*.  to  15*.  and  16*.  weekly, 
since  which  time  there  has  been  neither  an  increase 
nor  a  dccreaae  in  their  pay.  The  cheapness  of  pro  vi- 
nonsteemt  to  harecaiued  no  redaction  with  them. 


Now  there  are  but  two  "  efficient  causes"  to 
account  for  the  reduction  of  wages  among  the 
scurf  employers  in  the  scavagers'  trade : — (1) 
The  employers  may  diminish  the  pay  of  their 
men  from  a  disposition  to  **  grind  "  out  of  them 
an  inordinate  rate  of  profit.  (2)  The  price 
paid  for  the  work  may  be  so  reduced  that,  con- 
sistent with  the  ordinary  rate  of  profit  on 
capital,  and  remuneration  for  superintendence, 
greater  wages  cannot  be  paid.  If  the  first  be  the 
fact,  then  the  employers  are  to  blame,  and  the 
parishes  should  follow  the  example  of  the  Com- 
missioners of  Sewers,  and  let  the  work  to  those 
contractors  only  who  will  undertake  to  pay  the 
"  regular  wages  "  of  the  honourable  trade  ;  but  if 
the  latter  be  the  case,  as  I  strongly  suspect  it  is, 
though  some  of  the  masters  seem  to  be  more 
"grasping"  than  the  rest — but  in  the  paucity  of 
returns  on  this  matter,  it  is  difficult  to  state 
positively  whether  the  price  paid  for  the  labour  of 
the  working  scavager  is  in  all  the  parishes  propor- 
tional to  the  price  paid  to  the  employers  for  the 
work  (a  most  important  fiict  to  be  solved) — 
if,  however,  I  repeat,  the  decrease  of  the  wages  be 
mainly  due  to  the  decrease  in  the  sums  given  for 
the  performance  of  the  contract,  then  the  parishes 
are  to  blame  for  seeking  to  get  their  work  done 
at  the  expense  of  the  -irorking  men. 

The  contract  system  of  work,  I  find,  necessarily 
tends  to  this  diminution  of  the  men's  earnings  in  a 
trade.  Offer  a  certain  quantity  of  work  to  the 
lowest  bidder,  and  the  competition  will  assuredly 
be  maintained  at  the  operative's  expense.  It  is 
idle  to  expect  that,  as  a  general  rule,  traders  will 
take  less  than  the  ordinary  rate  of  profit.  Hence, 
he  who  underbids  will  usually  be  found  to  under- 
pay. This,  indeed,  is  almost  a  necessity  of  the 
system,  and  one  which  the  parochial  functionaries 
more  than  all  others  should  be  guarded  against — 
seeing  that  a  decrease  of  the  operative's  wages  can 
but  be  attended  with  an  increase  of  the  very 
paupers,  and  consequently  of  the  parochial  ex- 
penses, which  they  are  striving  to  reduce. 

A  labourer,  in  order  to  be  self-supporting  and 
avoid  becoming  a  "burden"  on  the  parish,  re- 
quires something  more  than  bare  subsistence- 
money  in  remuneration  for  his  labour,  and  yet 
this  is  generally  the  mode  by  which  we  test  the 
sufficiency  of  wages.  "  A  man  can  live  very  com- 
fortably upon  that  I "  is  the  exclamation  of  those 
who  have  seldom  thought  upon  what  constitutes 
the  mininmm  of  self-support  in  this  country.  A 
man's  wages,  to  prevent  pauperism,  shoxild  include, 
besides  present  subsistence,  what  Dr.  Chalmers 
hiis  called  "  his  secondaries; "  viz.,  a  sufficiency  to 
pay  for  his  maintenance  :  Ist,  during  the  slack 
season ;  2nd,  when  out  of  employment ;  3rd, 
when  ill;  4th,  when  old*.     If  insufficient  to  do 

*  These  items  wnffes  tnxst  include  to  prevent  pau- 
perism, even  with  pmvide.nre.  But  this  is  only  on  the 
supposition  that  the  labourer  is  unmarried  ;  if  married, 
however,  and  having  a  family,  then  his  wnfjcs  should 
include,  moreover,  the  keep  of  at  least  three  extra  per- 
sons, as  well  as  the  education  of  the  children.  If  not, 
one  of  two  results  is  self-evident— cither  the  wife  must 

toil,   '-■  " '     *    r  f  her  young  ones,  and  they   bo 

alln  1  pick   their  morals  and  etltica- 

tii)!i  I,  out  of  the  gutter,  or  else  the 

who'  ^  :    iiisferred  to  thccarcof  thepari^h. 


No.  XL. 


236 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


this,  it  is  evident  that  the  man  at  such  times  must 
seek  parochial  relief;  and  it  is  by  the  reduction  of 
wages  down  to  bare  subsistence,  that  the  cheap 
employers  of  the  present  day  sliift  the  burden  of 
supporting  their  labourers  when  unemployed  on 
to  the  parish ;  thus  virtually  perpetuating  tlie 
allowance  system  or  relief  in  aid  of  wages  under 
the  old  Poor  Law.  Formerly  the  mode  of  hiring 
labourers  was  by  the  year,  so  that  the  employer 
was  bound  to  maintain  the  men  when  unem.ployed. 
But  now  journey-work,  or  hiring  by  the  day,  pre- 
vails, and  the  labourers  being  paid — and  that  mere 
subsistence-money  —  only  when  wanted,  are  ne- 
cessitated to  become  either  paupers  or  thieves 
when  their  services  are  no  longer  required.  It  is, 
moreover,  this  cliange  from  yearly  to  daily  hirings, 
and  tlie  consequent  discarding  of  men  when  no 
longer  required,  that  has  partly  caused  the  immense 
mass  of  surplus  labourers,  who  are  continually 
vagabondizing  through  the  country  begging  or 
stealing  as  they  go — men  for  whom  there  is  but 
some  two  or  tliree  weeks'  work  (harvesting,  hop- 
picking,  and  the  like)  throughout  the  year. 

That  there  is,  however,  a  large  system  oi  job- 
ling  2>^'''>'sued  b>/  the  contractors  for  the  house-dust 
and  cleansing  of  the  streets,  there  cannot  be  the 
least  doubt.  The  minute  I  have  cited  at  page  210 
gives  us  a  slight  insight  into  the  system  of  combi- 
nation existing  among  the  employers,  and  the  ex- 
traordinary fluctuations  in  the  prices  obtained  by 
the  contractors  would  lead  to  the  notion  that  tlie 
business  was  more  a  system  of  gambling  than 
trade.  The  following  returns  have  been  procured 
by  Mr.  Cochrane  within  the  last  few  days  : — 

*'  Average  yearly  cost  of  cleansing 
the  whole  of  the  public  ways  within 
the  City  of  London,  including  the  re- 
moval of  dust,  ashes,  &c.,  from  the 
houses  of  the  inhabitants,  for  eight 
years,  terminating  at  Michaelmas  in 
the  year  1850  ....     £4,643 

Square  yards  of  carriage-way,  esti- 
mated at         430,000 

Square  yards  of  footway,  estimated 
at 300,000 

A  more  specific  and  later  return  is  as  follows  : — 

Received  Paid  for 

for  Dust.        cleansing,  &c. 
£    s.    d.         £       s.    d.  ( Streets  not 
1845    .000.     2833    2     0  \   cleansed 

(   daily. 
0  \ 
0 


1846  1354  5 

1847  4455  5 

1848  1328  15 

1849  .  0  0 

1850  .  0  0 


0 

0 

0 

0  .  7486  11 

0  .  6779  16 


6034  6 
8014  2 
7226  1 


Streets 

cleansed 

daily. 


"  From  the  above  return,"  qpys  Mr.  Cochrane, 
"  it  may  be  inferred  that  the  annual  sums  paid 
for  cleansing  in  each  year  of  1844  and  1843  did 
not  exceed  2281^.,  as  this  would  make  up  the 
eight  years'  average  calculation  of  4643^." 

Since  the  streets  have  been  cleansed  daily,  it 
will  be  seen  that  the  average  has  been  7188^. 
The  smallest  amount,  in  1846,  was  6034/.;  and 


the  largest,  in  1847,  8014/.;  which  was  a  sudden 
increase  of  1980/. 

Here,  then,  we  perceive  an  immediate  increase  in 
the  price  paid  for  scavaging  between  1846  and 
1847  of  nearly  33  per  cent.,  and  since  the  wages 
of  the  workmen  were  not  proportionately  increased 
in  the  latter  year  by  the  employers,  it  follows  that 
the  profits  of  the  contractors  must  have  been 
augmented  to  that  enormous  extent.  The  only 
effectual  mode  of  preventing  this  system  of  jobbing 
being  persevered  in,  al  the  expense  of  the  u-ork- 
men,  is  by  the  insertion  of  a  clause  in  each  parish 
contract  similar  to  that  introduced  by  the  Com- 
missioners of  Sewers — that  at  least  a  fair  living 
rate  of  wages  shall  be  paid  by  each  contractor  to 
the  men  employed  by  him.  This  may  be  an  in- 
terference with  the  freedom  of  labour,  according 
to  the  economists'  "  cant "  language,  but  at  least 
it  is  a  restriction  of  the  tyranny  of  capital,  for  free 
labour  means,  when  literally  translated,  the  uiire- 
stricted  use  of  ca^ntal,  which  is  (especially  when 
the  moral  standard  of  trade  is  not  of  the  highest 
character)  perhaps  the  greatest  evil  with  which  a 
State  can  be  afflicted. 

Let  me  now  speak  of  the  Scurf  labourers.  The 
moral  and  social  characteristics  of  the  working 
scavagers  who  labour  for  a  lower  rate  of  hire  do 
not  materially  ditfer  from  those  of  the  better  paid 
and  more  regularly  employed  body,  unless,  perhaps, 
in  this  respect,  that  there  are  among  them  a  greater 
proportion  of  the  "  casuals,"  or  of  men  reared  to 
the  pursuit  of  other  callings,  and  driven  by  want, 
misfortune,  or  misconduct,  to  "  sweep  the  streets;" 
and  not  only  that,  but  to  regard  the  "  leave  to 
toil  "  in  such  a  capacity  a  boon.  These  constitute, 
as  it  were,  the  cheap  labourers  of  this  trade. 

Among  the  parties  concerned  in  the  lower- 
priced  scavaging,  are  the  usual  criminations.  The 
parish  authorities  will  not  put  up  any  longer  with 
the  extortions  of  the  contractors.  The  contractors 
cannot  put  up  any  longer  with  the  stinginess  of 
the  parishes.  The  loorhing  scavagers,  upon  whose 
shoulders  the  burthen  falls  the  heaviest — as  it  does 
in  all  depreciated  tradings — grumble  at  both.  I 
cannot  aver,  however,  that  I  found  among  the  men 
that  bitter  hatred  of  their  masters  which  I  found 
actuating  the  mass  of  operative  tailors,  shoemakers, 
dressmakers,  &c.,  toward  the  slop  capitalists  who 
employed  them. 

I  have  pointed  out  in  what  the  "scurf"  -treat- 
ment of  the  labourers  was  chiefly  manifested — in 
extra  work  for  inferior  pay;  in  doing  eight  or 
nine  days'  work  in  six ;  and  in  being  paid  for  only 
six  days'  labour,  and  not  always  at  the  ordinary  rate 
even  for  the  lighter  toil — not  25.  8(/.,  but  25.  6(Z.  or 
even  25.  4(/.  a  day.  To  the  wealth)',  this  Id.  or  id. 
a  day  may  seem  but  a  trifling  matter,  but  I  heard  a 
working  scavager  (formerly  a  house-painter)  put  it 
in  a  strong  light :  "  that  3c/.  or  4c/.  a  day,  sir,  is 
a  poor  family's  rent."  The  rent,  I  may  observe, 
as  a  result  of  my  inquiries  among  the  more  decent 
classes  of  labourers,  is  often  the  primary  con- 
sideration :  "  You  see,  sir,  we  must  have  a  roof 
over  our  heads." 

A  scavager,  working  for  a  scurf  master,  gave 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


237 


me  the  following  account.  He  was  a  middle-aged 
man,  decently  dressed,  for  when  I  saw  liim,  he 
was  in  his  "  Sunday  clothes,"  and  was  quiet  in  his 
tones,  eren  when  he  spoke  bitterly. 

"  My  father,"  he  said,  "  was  once  in  business 
as  a  butcher,  but  he  failed,  and  was  afterwards 
a  journeyman  butcher,  but  very  much  respected, 
I  know,  and  I  used  to  job  and  help  him.  0  dear  , 
yea  !  I  can  read  and  write,  but  I  have  very  seldom 
to  write,  only  I  think  one  never  forgets  it,  it  's 
like  learning  to  swim,  that  way ;  and  I  read 
sometimes  at  cotfee-sbops.  My  father  died  rather 
sudden,  and  me  and  a  brother  had  to  look  out. 
My  brother  was  older  than  me,  he  was  20  or  21 
then,  and  he  went  for  a  soldier,  I  believe  to  some 
of  the  Ingees,  but  I  've  never  heard  of  him  since. 
I  got  a  place  in  a  knacker  s  yard,  but  I  didn't 
like  it  at  all,  it  vas  so  coujinin(/,  and  should  have 
hooked  it,  only  I  left  it  honourable.  I  can't  call 
to  mind  how  long  that's  back,  perhaps  16  or  18 
years,  but  I  know  there  was  some  stir  at  the  time  ! 
about  having  the  streets  and  yards  cleaner.  A  \ 
num  called  and  had  some  talk  with  the  governor,  I 
and  says  he,  says  the  governor,  says  he,  *  if  I 
you  want  a  handy  lad  with  his  besom,  and  j 
he 's  good  for  nothing  else ' — but  that  was  his  j 
gammon — '  here  's  your  man  ;'  so  I  was  engaged  i 
as  a  young  sweeper  at  10s.  a  week.  I  worked  | 
in  Hackney,  but  I  heard  so  much  about  railways, 
that  I  saved  my  money  up  to  10s.,  and  popped 
[pledged]  a  suit  of  mourning  I  'd  got  after  ray 
father's  death  for  22s.,  and  got  to  York,  both  on 
foot  and  with  lifts.  I  soon  got  work  on  a  rail ; 
there  was  great  call  for  rails  then,  but  I  don't 
know  how  long  it 's  since,  and  I  was  a  navvy  for 
six  or  seven  years,  or  better.  Then  I  came  back 
to  London.  I  don't  know  just  what  made  me 
come  back,  but  I  iccu  reslUss,  and  I  thought  I 
could  get  work  as  easy  in  London  as  in  the 
country,  but  I  couldn't.  I  brought  21  gold 
sovereigns  with  me  to  London,  twisted  in  my  fob 
for  safeness,  in  a  wash-leather  bag.  They  didn't 
last  so  long  as  they  ought  to.  I  didn't  care  for 
drinking,  only  when  I  was  in  company,  but  I  was 
a  little  too  gay.  One  night  I  spent  over  12s.  in 
the  St.  Helena  Gardens  at  Rotherhithe,  and  that 
sort  of  thing  soon  makes  money  show  taper.  I 
got  some  work  with  a  rubbish  carter,  a  regular 
scurf.  I  made  only  about  8s.  a  week  under  him, 
for  he  didn't  want  me  this  half  day  or  that  whole 
day,  and  if  I  said  anything,  he  told  me  I  might 
go  and  be  d — d,  ho  could  get  plenty  such,  and  I 
knew  he  could.  I  got  on  then  with  a  gangsman 
I  knew,  at  street-sweeping.  I  had  ]5s.  a  week, 
but  not  regular  work,  but  when  the  \vork  wer'n't 
reguhir,  I  had  2/.  8'/.  a  day.  I  then  worked 
under  another  master  for  14s.  a  week,  and  was 
often  abused  that  I  wasn't  better  dressed,  for 
though  that  there  roaster  paid  low  wages,  he  was 
vexed  if  his  men  didn't  look  decent  in  the  streets. 
I  've  heard  that  he  said  he  paid  the  best  of  wages 
when  asked  about  it.  I  had  another  job  alter 
that,  at  ]&«.,  and  then  16s.  a  week,  with  a  con- 
tractor as  had  a  wharf;  but  a  black  nigger  slave 
was  never  slaved  as  I  was,  I've  worked  all  night, 
when  it 's  been  very  moonlight,  in  loading  a  barge, 


and  I  've  worked  until  three  and  four  in  the 
morning  that  way,  and  then  me  and  another  man 
slept  an  hour  or  t\vo  in  a  shed  as  joined  his 
stables,  and  then  must  go  at  it  again.  Some  of 
these  masters  is  ignorant,  and  treats  men  like  dirt, 
but  this  one  was  always  civil,  and  made  his 
people  be  civil.  But,  Lord,  I  hadn't  a  rag  left  to 
my  back.  Everything  was  worn  to  bits  in  such 
hard  work,  and  then  I  got  the  sack.     I  was  on 

for  Mr. next.      He  's  a  jolly  good  'un.     I 

was  only  on  for  him  temp'ry,  but  I  was  told  it 
was  for  temp'ry  when  I  went,  so  I  can't  complain. 
I  'in  out  of  work  this  week,  but  I  've  had  some 
jobs  from  a  butcher,  and  I  'm  going  to  work  again 
on  Monday.  I  don't  know  at  what  wages.  The 
gangsmen  said  they  'd  see  what  I  could  do.  It  '11 
be  15s.,  I  expect,  and  over-work  if  it  's  16s. 

"  Yes,  I  like  a  pint  of  beer  now  and  then,  and 
one  requires  it,  but  I  don't  get  drunk.  I  dusted 
for  a  fortnight  once  while  a  man  was  ill,  and  got 
more  beer  and  twopences  give  me  than  I  do  in  n 
year  now;  aye,  twice  as  much.  My  mate  and  me 
was  always  very  civil,  and  people  has  said, 
'  there  's  a  good  fellow,  just  sweep  together  this 
bit  of  nibbish  in  the  yard  here,  and  off  with  it.' 
That  was  beyond  our  duty,  but  we  did  it.  I 
have  very  little  night-work,  only  for  one  master ; 
he  's  a  sweep  as  well.  I  get  2s,  6d.  a  job  for  it. 
Yes,  there  's  mostly  something  to  drink,  but  you 
can't  demand  nothing.  Night- work's  nothing,  sir; 
no  more  ain't  a  knacker's  yard. 

"  I  pay  2s.  a  week  rent,  but  I  'm  Avashed  for 
and  foimd  soap  as  well.  My  landlady  takes  in 
washing,  and  when  her  husband,  for  they  're  an 
old  couple,  has  the  rheumatics,  I  make  a  trifle  by 
carrying  out  the  clothes  on  a  barrow,  and  Mrs. 
Smith  goes  with  them  and  sees  to  the  delivery. 
I  've  my  own  furniture. 

"  Well,  I  don't  know  what  I  spend  in  my  living 
in  a  week.  I  have  a  bit  of  meat,  or  a  saveloy  or 
two,  or  a  slice  of  bacon  every  day,  mostly  when 
I  'm  at  work.  I  sometimes  make  my  own  meals 
ready  in  my  room.  No,  I  keep  no  accounts. 
Tfiere  'd  be  very  little  use  or  pleasure  in  doing  it 
when  one  has  so  little  to  count.  ^Vhen  I  'm  past 
work,  I  suppose  I  must  go  to  the  workhouse.  I 
sometimes  wish  I  'd  gone  for  a  soldier  when  I  was 
young  enough.  I  shouldn't  have  minded  going 
abroad,  I  'd  have  liked  it  better  than  not,  for  / 
like  to  be  about ;  yes,  I  like  a  change. 

"  I  go  to  chapel  every  Sunday  night,  and  have 

regularly  since   Mr. (the  butcher)  gave  me 

this  cast-off  suit.  I  promised  him  I  would  when 
I  got  the  togs, 

"  Things  would  be  well  enough  with  me  if  I  'd 
constant  work  and  fair  pay.  I  don't  know  what 
makes  wages  so  low.  1  suppose  it  's  rich  people 
trying  to  get  all  the  money  they  can,  and  caring 
nothing  for  poor  men's  rights,  and  poor  men  's 
sometimes  forced  to  undersell  one  another,  'cause 
half  a  loaf  you  know,  sir,  is  better  than  no  bread 
jit  all  "  (a  proverb,  by  the  way,  which  has  wrought 
no  little  mischief). 

In  conclusion,  I  may  remark,  that  although  I  was 
told,  in  the  first  instance,  tfiere  was  sub  letting  in 
street  sweeping,  I  could  not  hear  of  any  facts  to 


238 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


prove  it.  I  was  told,  indeed,  bva  pentleman  who 
took  great  interest  in  paroch'ml  matters,  with  a 
view  to  "refornis"  in  them,  that  such  a  tiling  was 
most  improbable,  for  if  a  contractor  sub-let  any  of 
Lis  work  it  would  soon  become  known,  and  as  it 
would  be  evident  that  the  work  could  be  accom- 
plished at  a  lower  rate,  the  contractor  would  be  in 
a  worse  position  for  his  next  contract. 

Op  the  Street-Sweeping  Machine,   and  the 

Street-Swkepers  employed  with  it. 
Until  the  introduction  of  the  machines  now 
seen  in  London,  I  believe  that  no  mechanical 
contrivances  for  sweeping  the  streets  had  been 
attempted,  all  such  work  being  executed  by  manual 
labour,  and  employing  throughout  the  United 
Kingdom  a  great  number  of  the  poor.  The  street- 
sweeping  machine,  therefore,  assumes  an  import- 
ance as  another  instance  of  the  displacement,  or 
attempted  displacement,  of  the  labour  of  man  by 
the  mechanism  of  an  engine. 

The  street-sweeping  machines  were  introduced 
into  London  about  five  years  ago,  after  having 
been  previously  used,  under  the  management  of  a 
company,  in  Manchester,  the  inventor  and  maker 
being  Mr.  "Whitworth,  of  that  place.  The  novelty 
and  ingenuity  of  the  apparatus  soon  attracted 
public  attention,  and  for  the  first  week  or  two  the 
vehicular  street-sweeper  was  accompanied  in  its 
progress  by  a  crowd  of  admiring  and  inquisi- 
tive pedestrians,  so  easily  attracted  together  in 
the  metropolis.  In  the  first  instance  the  machines 
were  driven  through  the  streets  merely  to  disphiy 
their  mode  and  power  of  work,  and  the  drivers 
and  attendants  not  unfrequently  came  into  contact 
with  the  regular  scavagers,  Avhcn  a  brisk  inter- 
change of  street  wit  took  place,  the  populace 
often  enough  encouraging  both  sides.  At  present 
the  street-sweeping  machine  proceeds  on  its  line  of 
operation  as  little  noticed,  except  by  visitors,  and 
foreigners  especially,  as  any  other  vehicle.  The 
body  of  the  sweeping  machine,  although  the  sizes 
may  not  all  be  uniform,  is  about  5  feet  in  length, 
and  2  feet  8  inches  or  3  feet  in  width  ;  the  height  fs 
about  5  feet  G  inches  or  6  feet,  and  the  form  that  of 
a  covered  cart,  with  a  rounded  top.  The  sides  of 
the  exterior  are  of  cast  iron,  the  top  being  of 
wood.  At  the  hinder  part  of  the  cart  is  fixed  the 
sweeping-machine  itself,  covered  by  sloping  boards 
which  descend  from  the  top  of  the  cart,  projecting 
slightly  behind  the  vehicle  to  the  ground ;  under 
the  sloping  boards  is  an  endless  chain  of  brushes  as 
wide  as  the  cart,  16  in  number,  phiced  at  equal 
distances,  and  so  arranged,  that  when  made  to 
resolve,  each  brush  in  turn  passes  over  the  ground, 
sweeping  the  mud  along  with  it  to  the  bottom 
sloping  board,  and  so  carrying  it  up  to  the  interior 
of  the  cart.  The  chain  of  brushes  is  set  in  mo- 
tion, over  the  surface  of  the  pavement,  by  the 
agency  of  three  cog  wheels  of  cast  iron  ;  these  are 
worked  by  the  rotation  of  the  wheels  of  the  cart, 
the  cogs  acting  upon  tlie  spindles  to  which  the 
brooms  are  attached.  The  spindles,  brushes,  and 
the  sloped  boards  can  be  raised  or  lowered  by  the 
winding  of  an  instrument  called  the  broom  winder ; 
or  the   whole   can   be  locked.     The  brooms  are 


raised  when  any  acclivity  is  to  be  swept,  and 
lowered  at  a  declivity.  The  vehicle  must  be 
water-tight,  in  order  to  contain  the  sloji. 

When  full  the  machine  holds  about  half  a  cart 
load  or  half  a  ton  of  dirt ;  this  is  emptied  by 
letting  down  the  back  in  the  manner  of  a  trap  door. 
If  the  contents  be  solid,  they  have  to  be  forked 
out;  if  more  sloppy,  they  are  "shot"  out,  as  from 
a  cart,  the  interior  generally  being  roughly  scraped 
to  complete  the  emptying. 

The  districts  which  have  as  yet  been  cleansed  by 
the  machines  are  what  may  be  considered  a  govern- 
ment domain,  being  the  public  thoroughfares  under 
the  control  of  the  Commissioners  of  the  Woods 
and  Forests,  running  from  Westminster  Abbey  to 
the  Regent-circus  in  Piccadilly,  and  including 
Spring-gardens,  Carlton-gardens,  and  a  portion  of 
the  West  Strand,  where  they  were  first  employed 
in  London ;  they  have  been  used  also  in  parts  of 
the  City  ;  and  are  at  present  employed  by  the 
parish  of  St.  Martin-in-the-Fields.  The  company 
by  whom  the  mechanical  street-sweeping  business 
is  carried  on  employ  12  machines,  4  water  carts, 
19  horses,  and  24  men.  They  have  also  the  use, 
but  not  the  sole  use,  of  two  wharfs  and  barges 
at  Whitefriars  and  Millbank.  The  machines 
altogether  collect  about  30  cart-loads  of  street-dirt 
a  day,  which  is  equivalent  to  four  or  five  barge- 
loads  in  a  week,  if  all  were  boated.  Two  barges 
per  week  are  usually  sent  to  ilochester,  the  others 
up  the  river  to  Fulhani,  &c.  The  average  price  is 
51.  10.9.  to  6/.  per  barge  load,  but  when  the  freight 
has  been  chiefly  dung,  as  much  as  %l.  has  been 
paid  for  it  by  a  farmer. 

The  street-sweeping  machine  seems  to  have 
commanded  the  approbation  of  the  General  Board 
of  Health,  although  the  Board's  expression  of  appro- 
val is  not  without  qualification.  "Even  that  effi-, 
cient  and  economical  implement,"  says  one  of  the 
Reports,  "  the  street-sweeping  machine,  leaves 
much  filth  between  the  interstices  of  the  stones 
and  some  on  the  surface."  One  might  have  ima- 
gined, however,  that  an  efficient  and  economical 
implement  would  not  have  left  this  "much  filth" 
in  its  course ;  but  the  Board,  I  presume,  spoke 
comparatively. 

The  reason  of  the  circumscribed  adoption  of 
the  machine — I  say  it  with  some  reluctance,  but 
from  concurrent  testimony — appears  to  be  that  it 
does  not  sweep  sufficiently  clean.  It  sweeps  the 
surface,  but  only  the  suiface ;  not  cleansing  what 
the  scavagers  call  the  "  nicks"  and  "  holes," 
and  the  Board  of  Health  the  "  interstices,"  in 
the  pavement. 

One  man  is  obliged  to  go  along  with  each  ma- 
chine, to  sweep  the  ridge  of  dirt  invariably  left  at 
the  edge  of  the  track  of  the  vehicle  into  the  line 
of  the  next  machine,  so  that  it  may  be  "  licked  up." 
In  fine  weather  this  work  is  often  light  enough.  It 
is  also  the  occupation  of  the  accompanying  scavager 
to  sweep  the  dirt  from  the  sloping  edges  of  the  public 
ways  into  the  direct  course  of  the  machine,  for  the 
brushes  are  of  no  service  along  such  slopes ;  he  must 
also  sweep  out  the  contents  of  any  hole  or  hollow 
there  may  be  in  the  streets,  as  is  frequently  the 
case  when  the  pavement  has  been  disturbed  in  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


relaving  or  repairing  of  the  gas  or  water  pipes. 
But' for  this  arrangement,  I  was  told,  the  brushes 
would  pass  "  clean  over"  such  places,  or  onlj'  dis- 
turb without  clearing  away  the  dirt.  Indeed 
irregtilarities  of  any  kind  in  the  pavement  are 
great  obstructions  to  the  efficiency  of  the  street- 
sweeping  machine. 

There  are  some  places,  moreover,  wholly  xm- 
sweepable  by  the  machine ;  in  many  parts  of  St. 
Martin's  parish,  for  instance,  there  are  localities 
where  the  machine  cannot  be  introduced  ;  such 
are — St  MartinVcourt ;  the  flagged  ways  about 
the  National  Ghxllery;  and  the  approach,  alongside 
the  church,  to  the  Lowther  Arcade;  the  pave- 
ment surrounding  the  fountains  which  adorn  the 
"noblest  site  in  Europe;"  and  a  variety  of 
alleys,  passages,  yards,  and  minor  streets,  which 
must  be  cleansed  by  manual  labour. 

In  fair  weather,  again,  water  carts  are  indispen- 
sable before  machine  sweeping,  for  if  the  ground 
be  merely  dry  and  dusty,  the  set  of  brooms  will 
not  *'  bite." 

We  now  come  to  estimate  the  relative  valius  of 
Vie  viechantcal  and  manual  labour  applied  to  the 
scavaging  of  the  streets.  The  average  progress  of 
the  street-sweeping  machine,  in  the  execution  of 
the  scavagers'  work,  is  about  two  miles  an  hour.  It 
must  not  be  supposed,  however,  that  two  streets 
each  a  mile  in  length,  could  be  swept  in  one  hour ; 
for  to  do  this  the  vehicle  would  have  to  travel  up  and 
down  those  streets  as  many  times  as  the  streets 
are  wider  than  the  machine.  The  machines, 
•ometimes  two,  sometimes  three  or  four,  follow 
alongside  each  other's  tracks  in  sweeping  a  street, 
10  as  to  leave  no  part  unswept.  Thus,  supposing 
a  street  half  a  mile  long  and  nine  yards  wide,  and 
that  each  machine  swept  a  breadth  of  a  yard, 
then  three  such  machines,  driven  once  up,  and 
once  again  down,  and  once  more  up  such  a  street. 


would  cleanse  it  in  three  quarters  of  an  hour.  To 
do  this  by  manual  labour  in  the  same  or  nearly 
the  same  time,  would  require  the  exertions  of  five 
men.  Each  machine  has  been  computed  to  have 
mechanical  power  equal  to  the  industry  of  five 
street-sweepers ;  and  such,  from  the  above  computa- 
tion, would  appear  to  be  the  fact.  I  do  not  include 
the  drivers  in  this  enumeration,  as  of  course  the 
horse  in  the  scavagers'  cart,  and  in  the  machine 
require  alike  the  care  of  a  man,  and  there  is  to 
each  vehicle  (whether  mechanical  or  not)  one  hand 
(besides  the  carman)  to  sweep  after  the  ordinary 
work.  Hence  every  two  men  with  the  machine  do 
the  work  of  seven  men  by  hand. 

Having,  then,  ascertained  the  relative  values 
of  the  two  forces  employed  in  cleansing  the 
streets,  let  me  now  proceed  to  set  forth  what  is 
"the  economy  of  labour"  resulting  from  the  use 
of  the  sweeping  machine.  In  the  following  table 
are  given  the  number  of  men  at  present  engaged 
by  the  machine  company  in  the  cleansing  of  those 
districts  where  the  machine  is  in  operation,  as  well 
as  the  annual  amount  of  wages  paid  to  the  ma- 
chine labourers ;  these  facts  are  then  collocated 
with  the  number  of  manual  labourers  that  would 
be  required  to  do  the  same  work  under  the 
ordinary  contract  system  (assuming  every  two 
labourers  with  the  machine  to  do  the  work  of 
seven  labourers  by  hand),  as  well  as  the  amount  of 
wages  that  would  be  paid  to  such  manual  labourers  ; 
and  finally,  the  number  of  men  and  amount  of 
wages  under  the  one  system  of  street-cleansing  is 
subtracted  from  the  other,  in  order  to  arrive  at 
the  number  of  street-sweepers  at  present  displaced 
by  machine  Libour,  and  the  annual  loss  in  wages 
to  the  men  so  displaced  ;  or,  to  speak  economically, 
the  last  column  represents  the  amount  by  which 
the  Wage  Fund  of  the  street-sweepers  is  di- 
minished by  tlie  employment  of  the  machine. 


TABLE  SHOWING  THE  DIFFERENCE  BETWEEN  THE  NUMBER  OF  MEN  AT 
PRESENT  ENGAGED  IN  STREET-SWEEPING  BY  MACHINES,  AND  THE 
NUMBER  THAT  WOULD  BE  REQUIRED  TO  SWEEP  THE  SAME  DISTRICTS 
BY  HAND,  TOGETHER  WITH  THE  ANNUAL  AMOUNT  OF  WAGES  ACCRU- 
ING TO   EACH. 


Machine  Labour. 

Manual 

Labour. 

Difference. 

DisTBicn. 

Number 

of  Men 

employed  to 

attend 
Machine*. 

Annual  Wage* 

received 

by  Machine 

Men.  at  Ui$. 

a  Week. 

Number  of 
men  that 
would  be  re- 
quired   to 
sweep  the 
Streets  by  Ma- 
nual labour. 

Annual 
Wages  that 
would    be  re- 
ceived by 
Manual    La- 
bourers, at 
15«.  a  Week. 

Number 
of 
Men  displaced 
by  Machine- 
work. 

Annual  Losa 
in  Wages  to 
Manual 
Labourers   by 
Machine- 
work. 

St    Martin's- in -the  "I 
Fields  .     .     .     .| 

Reg'^nt-strcet      and  ] 
Pall-mall         (see  \ 
table,  p.  214)       .  1 

Other    places,    con- 
nected with  Woods    - 
and  Forests     .     .J 

8 
12 

4 

332  16 
400    4 

166    8 

28 
42 

14 

£        S. 
1092     0 

1638    0 
£46    0 

20 
30 

10 

£      s. 
759    4 

1138  16 
379  12 

Total.     .    . 

24 

998    8 

84 

8276    0 

60 

2277  12 

240 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Hence,  we  perceive  that  no  less  than  60  street- 
a weepers  are  deprived  of  work  by  the  street-sweep- 
ing machine,  and  that  the  gross  Wage  Fund  of  the 
men  is  diminished  by  the  employment  of  me- 
chanical labour  no  loss  than  2277^.  per  annum.  _ 

]3ut  let  us  suppose  the  street-sweeping  machine 
to  come  into  general  use,  awd  all  the  men  who  are 
at  present  employed  by  the  contractors,  both  large 
and  small,  to  sweep  the  street  by  hand  to  be  super- 
seded by  it,  what  would  be  the  result'?  how  much 
money  would  the  manual  labourers  be  deprived  of 
per  annum,  and  how  many  self-supporting  labourers 
would  be  pauperized  thereby  1  The  following 
table    will   show  us :    in   the   first  compartment 

TABLE  SHOWING  THE  DIFFERENCE  BETWEEN  THE  NUMBER  OF  CONTRAC- 
TORS' MEN  AT  PRESENT  EMPLOYED  TO  SWEEP  THE  STREETS  BY  HAND, 
AND  THE  NUMBER  THAT  WOULD  BE  REQUIRED  TO  SWEEP  THE  SAME 
DISTRICTS  BY  MACHINE  AYORK,  TOGETHER  WITH  THE  AMOUNT  OF 
WAGES   ACCRUING  TO  EACH. 


given  below  we  have  the  number  of  manual 
labourers  employed  throughout  London  by  the 
large  and  small  contractors,  and  the  amount  of 
wages  annually  received  by  them*  ;  in  the  second 
compartment  is  given  the  number  of  men  that 
would  be  required  to  sweep  the  same  districts  by 
the  machine,  and  the  amount  of  wages  tliat  would 
be  received  by  them  at  the  present  rate ;  and  the 
third  and  last  compartment  shows  the  gross  ninn- 
ber  of  hands  that  would  be  displaced,  and  the 
annual  loss  that  would  accrue  to  the  operatives  by 
the  substitution  of  mechanical  for  manual  labour 
in  the  sweeping  of  the  streets. 


Manual  Labour. 

Machine  Labour. 

Difference. 

Number    of 
Men    at   pre- 
sent employed 
by  Contractors 
to    sweep  the 
streets. 

Annual  Wages 
received  by 
Contractors' 

Men   for 

sweeping    the 

Streets,  at  15s. 

a  Week. 

Number   of 
Machine  Men 
that  would  be 

required    to 
attend  the 
Street  -  sweep- 
ing Machines. 

Annual  Wages 
that  would  be 
received  by 
Machine  Men, 
at    169.   a 
Week. 

Number  of 
Men  that 
would  be  dis- 
placed by 
Machine- 
work. 

Annual  Loss 
that    would 
accrue   to 
Manual 
Labourers  by 
Machine- 
work. 

Districts  at  present" 
swept    by    large  1 
contractors      (see 
table,  p.  214)     .^ 

Districts    swept   by  \ 
small  contractors . 

262 
13 

£          S. 
10,218    0 

507    0 

75 
4 

£         S. 

3120    0 
166    8 

187 

£       s. 

7098     0 

340  12 

Total .     .     . 

275 

10,725    0 

79 

3286     8 

196 

7438  12 

Here  we  find  that  nearly  200  men  would  be 
pauperized,  losing  upwards  of  7000^.  per  annum, 
if  the  street-sweeping  machine  came  into  general 
use  throughout  London.  But,  before  the  intro- 
duction of  machines,  the  thoroughfares  of  St. 
Martin's  parish  were  swept  only  once  a  week  in 
dry  weather,  and  three  times  a  week  in  sloppy 
weather,  and  since  the  introduction  of  the  machines 
they  have  been  swept  daily ;  allowing,  therefore, 
the  extra  cleansing  to  have  arisen  from  the  extra 
cheapness  of  the  machine  work — though  it  seems 
to  have  been  the  result  of  improved  sanatory  re- 
gulations, for  in  parts  where  the  machine  has  not 
been  used  the  same  alteration  has  taken  place — 
maTcing  such  allowance,  however,  it  may,  per- 
haps, be  fair  to  say,  that  the  same  increase  of 
cleansing  would  take  place  throughout  London ; 
that  is  to  say,  that  the  streets  would  be  swept  by 
the  machines,  were  they  generally  used,  twice  as 
often  as  they  are  at  present  by  hand.  At  this 
rate  158  machine  men,  instead  of  79  as  above 
calculated,  would  be  required  for  the  work  ;  so 
that,  reckoning  for  the  increased  employment  which 
might  arise  from  the  increased  cheapness  of  the 
work,  we  see  that,  were  the  street-sweeping  ma- 


chines used  throughout  the  metropolis,  nearly  120 
of  the  275  manual  labourers  now  employed  at 
scavaging  by  the  large  and  small  contractors, 
would  be  thrown  out  of  work,  and  deprived  of  no 
less  a  sum  than  4680^.  per  annum. 

This  amount,  of  course,  the  parishes  would  pocket, 
minus  the  sum  that  it  would  cost  them  to  keep  the 
displaced  scavagers  as  paupers,  so  that  in  this 
instance,  at  least,  we  perceive  that,  however  great  a 
benefit  cheapness  may  be  to  the  wealthy  classes,  to 
the  poorer  classes  it  is  far  from  being  of  the  same 
advantageous  character;  for,  just  as  much  as  the 
rate-payers  are  the  gainers  in  the  matter  of  street- 
cleansing  must  the  labourers  be  the  losers — the 
economy  of  labour  in  a  trade  where  there  are  too 
many  labourers  already,  and  where  the  quantity  of 
work  does  not  admit  of  indefinite  increase,  meaning 
simply  the  increase  of  pauperismf . 

*  I  have  estimated  the  whole  at  15*.  a  week  the  year 
through,  gangers,  "  honourable  men,"  regular  hands  and 
all,  so  as  to  allow  for  the  diminished  receipts  of  the 
casual  hands. 

t  The  usual  argument  in  favour  of  machinerv,  viz., 
that  "  by  reducing  prices  it  extends  the  market,  and  so, 
causing  a  greater  demand  for  the  commodities,  induces  a 
greater  quantity  of  employment,"  would  also  be  an 
argument  in  favour  of  over  population,  since  this,  by 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


241 


The  "  laboitr  question  "  as  connected  with  the 
sweeping-machine  work,  requires  but  a  brief  de- 
tail, as  it  presents  no  new  features.  The  majority 
of  the  machine  men  may  be  described  as  having 
been  "general  (unskilled)  labourers"  before  they 
embarked  in  their  present  pursuits  :  labourers  for 
builders^  brick-makers,  rubbish-carters,  the  docks, 

&C. 

Among  them  there  is  but  one  who  was  brought 
upr  as  a  mechanic ;  the  others  have  all  been  la- 
bourers, brick-makers,  and  what  I  heard  called 
"barrow- workers"  on  railways,  the  latter  being 
the  most  numerous. 

Employment  is  obtained  by  application  at  the 
wharfs.  There  is  nothing  of  the  character  of 
a  trade  society  among  the  machine-men  ;  nothing 
in  the  way  of  benefit  or  sick  clubs,  unless  the  men 
choose  to  enrol  themselves  in  a  general  benefit 
society,  of  which  I  did  not  hear  one  instance. 

The  payment  is  by  the  week,  and  without 
drawback  in  the  guise  or  disguise  of  fines,  or 
similar  inflictions  for  the  use  of  tools,  &c. ;  the 
payment,  moreover,  is  always  in  money. 

The  only  perquisite  is  in  the  case  of  anything 
being  found  in  the  streets;  but  the  rule  as  to 
perquisites  seems  to  be  altogether  an  understand- 
ing among  the  men.  The  disposal  of  what  may 
be  picked  up  in  the  streets  appears,  moreover,  to 
be  very  much  in  the  discretion  of  the  picker  up. 
If  anything  be  found  in  the  contents  of  the 
vehicle,  when  emptied,  it  is  the  perquisite  of  the 
driver,  who  is  also  the  unloader ;  he,  however, 
is  expected  to  treat  the  men  "on  the  same  beat" 
out  of  any  such  "  treasure  trove,"  when  the  said 
treasure  is  considerable  enough  to  justify  such 
bounty.  Odd  sixpences,  shillings,  or  copper  coin, 
I  was  informed,  were  found  almost  every  week, 
but  I  could  ascertain  no  general  average.  One 
man,  some  time  ago,  found  a  purse  inside  the  vehi- 
cle containing  20*.,  and  "  spent  it  out  and  out  all 
on  hisself,"  in  a  carouse  of  three  days.  He  lost  his 
situation  in  consequence. 

The  number  of  men  employed  by  the  company 
in  this  trade  is  24,  and  these  perform  all  the  work 
required  in  the  driving  and  attendance  upon  the 
machines  in  the  street,  in  loading  the  barges, 
grooming  the  horses,  &c.  There  is,  indeed,  a 
twenty-fifth  man,  but  he  is  a  blacksmith,  and  his 
wages  of  35*.  weekly  are  included  in  the  estimate 
as  to  wear  and  tear  given  below,  for  he  shoes  the 
horses  and  repairs  the  machines. 

The  ntt«  of  wages  paid  by  the  machine  com- 
pany is  16*.  a  week,  so  that  the  full  amount  of 
wages  is  paid  to  the  men. 

But  though  the  company  cannot  be  ranked 
»mong  the  grinders  of  the  scavaging  trade,  they 
mutt  be  placed  among  "  the  drivers." 

cfieapcnini;,  labour  mutt  have  the  ume  effect  u  tnachi- 
nerj  on  prices,  and,  conacquintly  (according  to  the  above 


logic),  induce  a  Rreater  quantity  of  cmplriymcnt !  But 
nantinft  that  nuKhlncrv  rcslljr  doet  benefit  the  labourer 
m  ouea  when  the  wmrktt,  mnd  thw^fire  the  quantity  nf 


tnthoMra 
blbeCMt  > 
the 


it  cannot  but  be  an  iniury 
h"  tputUlty  qf  work  U /Lied.  Such 
:  of  wood,  the  reaping  of  com, 
"  iwecpinjr  of  the  streets,  dec., 
cltsnical  labour  applied  to  luch 


I  am  assured,  by  those  who  are  familiar  with 
such  labour,  that  the  24  men  employed  by  the  ma- 
chine masters  do  the  work  of  upwards  of  30  in  the 
honourable  trade,  with  a  corresponding  saving  to 
their  employers,  from  an  adherence  to  the  main 
point  of  the  scurf  system,  the  overworking  of  the 
men  without  extra  payment. 

It  has  been  before  stated  that,  in  dry  weather, 
the  roads  require  to  be  watered  before  being 
swept,  so  that  the  brushes  may  lite.  In  summer 
the  machine-men  sometimes  commence  this  part 
of  their  business  at  tliree  in  the  morning;  and 
at  the  other  periods  of  the  year,  sometimes  at  early 
morning,  when  moonlight.  In  summer  the  hours 
of  labour  in  the  streets  are  from  three,  four,  five, 
or  six  in  the  morning,  to  half-past  four  in  the  after- 
noon ;  in  winter,  from  light  to  light,  and  after 
street  there  may  be  yard  and  barge  Avork. 

The  saving  by  this  scurf  system,  then,  is : — 

30  men  (honourable  trade), 
16*.  weekly £1248  yearly. 

24  men  (scurf- trade)  doing 
same  work),  16*.  weekly  .     .  998      „ 


Saving    to    capitalist    and 
loss  to  labourer 


£250 


It  now  but  remains  to  Sum  up  the  capital, 
income,  and  expenditure  of  the  machine-scavaging 
trade. 

The  cost  of  a  street-sweeping  machine  is  501. 
to  60/.,  with  an  additional  5/.  55.  for  the  set  of 
brooms.  The  wear  and  tear  of  these  machines 
are  very  considerable.  A  man  who  had  the 
care  of  one  told  me  that  when  there  was  a 
heavy  stress  on  it  he  had  known  the  iron 
cogs  of  the  inner  wheels  "  go  rattle,  rattle, 
snap,  snap,"  imtil  it  became  dilncult  to  proceed 
with  the  .  work.  The  brooms,  too,  in  hard 
work  and  "cloggy"  weather,  are  apt  to  snap 
short,  and  in  the  regular  course  of  wear 
have  to  be  renewed  every  four  or  five  weeks. 
The  sets  of  brooms  are  of  bass,  worked  strongly 
with  copper  wire.  The  whole  apparatus  can  be 
unscrewed  and  taken  to  pieces,  to  be  cleaned  or 
repaired.  The  repairs,  independently  of  the 
renewal  of  the  brooms,  have  been  calculated  at 
71.  yearly  each  machine.  The  capital  invested, 
then,  in  twelve  street-sweeping  machines,  in  the 
horses,  and  what  may  bo  considered  the  appur- 
tenances of  the  trade,  together  with  the  yearly 
expenditure,  may  be  thus  calculated  : — 

Capital  op  Street-Sweeping  Maciiinb  . 
Trade. 

12  machines,  60/.  each £720 

12  sets  of  brooms,  6/.  5s.  each  set    ,  63 

19  horses,  25/.  each 475 

4  water-carts,  20/.  each      ....  80 

19  sets  of  harness  (new),  71.  each  set  133 

4  barges,  60/.  each -200 

£1671 


242 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Yearly  Expenditure. 

24  men,  16s.  weekly £998 

120  sets  of  brooQU  for  12  machines, 

4/.  per  set 480 

Wear  and  tear,  &c.  (15  per  cent.)     .  255 

Keep  of  19  horses,  lOs.  each  weekly  494 

Eent  (sav) 150 

Clerk  (sily) 100 

Interest  on  capital,  at  10  per  cent.   .  170 

£2674 

In  this  calculation  I  have  included  wear  and 
tear  of  the  whole  of  the  implements  of  the  stock- 
in-trade,  &c.,  taking  that  of  the  brooms  on  the 
most  moderate  estimate.  According  to  the  scale 
of  payment  by  the  parish  of  St.  Martin  (which 
is  now  1000/.  per  annum)  the  probable  receipts  of 
a  single  year  will  be  : — 

Yearly  Eeceipts. 

£       s.  d. 
For  hire  of  12  machines     .     .  2500     0     0 
200    barge-loads    of   manure, 
5^.  155.  per  barge 1150  10     0 

3650  10     0 
Yearly  expenditure      .  2674     0     0 

Profit 976  10     0 

Of  the  Cleansing  op  the  Streets  by  Pauper 
Labour. 

Under  the  head  of  the  several  modes  and  cha- 
racteristics of  street-cleansing,  I  stated  at  p.  207 
of  the  present  volume  that  there  were  no  less 
than  four  distinct  kinds  of  labourers  employed  in 
the  scavaging  of  the  public  thoroughfares  of  the 
metropolis.     These  were  : — 

1.  The  self-supporting  manual  labourers. 

2.  The  self-supporting  machine  labourers. 

3.  The  pauper  labourers. 

4.  The  "philanthropic"  labourers. 

I  have  already  set  forth  the  distinguishing 
features  of  the  first  two  of  these  different  orders 
of  workmen  in  connection  with  the  scavaging 
trade,  and  now  proceed  in  due  order  to  treat  of 
the  characteristics  of  the  third. 

The  subject  of  pauper  labour  generally  is  one 
of  the  most  difficult  topics  that  the  social  philo- 
sopher can  deal  with.  It  is  not  possible,  however, 
to  do  more  here  than  draw  attention  to  the  salient 
points  of  the  question.  The  more  comprehensive 
consideration  of  the  matter  must  be  reserved  till 
such  time  as  I  come  to  treat  of  the  poor  specially 
under  the  head  of  those  that  cannot  work. 

By  the  43  Eliz.,  which  is  generally  regarded  as 
the  basis  of  the  existing  poor  laws  in  this  country, 
it  was  ordained  that  in  every  parish  a  fund  should 
be  raised  by  local  taxation,  not  merely  for  the 
relief  of  the  aged  and  infirm,  but  for  setting  to 
"Work  all  persons  having  no  means  to  maintain 
themselves,  and  v*ing  no  ordinary  or  daily  trade 
of  life  to  get  tlieir  living  hy. 

It  was,  however,  soon  discovered  that  it  was 
one  thing  to  pass  an  act  for  setting  able-bodied 


paupers  to  work,  and  another  thing  to  do  so. 
"  In  every  place,"  as  Mr.  Thornton  truly  says  in 
his  excellent  treatise  on  "  Over  Population,"  "  there 
is  only  a  certain  amount  of  work  to  be  done," 
(limited  by  the  extent  of  the  market)  "  and  only 
a  certain  amount  of  capital  to  pay  for  it ;  and,  if 
the  number  of  workmen  be  more  than  propor- 
tionate to  the  work,  employment  can  only  be 
given  to  those  who  want  it  by  taking  from  those 
who  have." 

Let  me  illustrate  this  by  the  circumstances  of 
the.  scavaging  trade.  There  are  1760  miles  of 
streets  throughout  London,  and  these  would  seem 
to  require  about  600  scavagers  to  cleanse  them.  It 
is  self-evident,  therefore,  that  if  400  paupers  be 
"  set  "  to  sweep  particular  districts,  the  same  num- 
ber of  self-supporting  labourers  must  be  deprived 
of  employment,  and  if  these  cannot  obtain  work 
elsewhere,  they  of  course  must  become  paupers  too, 
and,  seeking  relief,  be  put  upon  the  same  kind 
of  work  as  they  were  originally  deprived  of,  and 
that  only  to  displace  and  pauperize  in  their  turn  a 
similar  number  of  independent  operatives. 

The  work  of  a  country  then  being  limited  (by 
the  capital  and  market  for  the  produce),  there  can 
be  but  two  modes  of  setting  paupers  to  labour  :  (1) 
by  throwing  the  self-supporting  operatives  out  of 
employment  altogether,  and  substituting  pauper 
labourers  in  their  stead  ;  (2)  by  giving  a  portion  of 
the  work  to  the  paupers,  and  so  decreasing  the 
employment,  and  consequently  the  wages,  of  the 
regular  operatives.  In  either  case,  however,  the 
independent  labourers  must  be  reduced  to  a  state 
of  comparative  or  positive  dependence,  for  it  is 
impossible  to  make  labourers  of  Vie  paupers  of  an 
over-populated  country  without  making  paupers 
of  the  labourers. 

Some  economists  argue  that,  as  paupers  are  con- 
sumers, they  should,  whenever  they  are  able  to 
work,  be  made  producers  also,  or  otherwise  they 
exhaust  the  national  wealth,  to  which  they  do  not 
contribute.  This  might  be  a  sound  axiom  were 
there  work  sufficient  for  all.  But  in  an  over- 
populated  country  there  is  not  work  enough,  as  is 
proven  by  the  mere  fact  of  the  over-population; 
and  the  able-bodied  paupers  are  paupers  simply 
because  they  cannot  obtain  work,  so  that  to  employ 
those  who  are  out  of  work  is  to  throw  out  those  who 
are  in  work,  and  thus  to  pauperize  the  self-sup- 
porting. 

The  whole  matter  seems  to  hinge  upon  this 
one  question — 

"Who  are  to  maintain  the  paupers  ?  The  rate- 
paying  traders  or  the  non-ratepaying  workmen  ? 

If  the  paupers  be  set  to  work  in  a  country  like 
Great  Britain,  they  must  necessarily  be  brought 
into  competition  with  the  self-supporting  workmen, 
and  so  be  made  to  share  the  wage  fund  with  them, 
decreasing  the  price  of  labour  in  proportion  to  the 
extra  number  of  such  pauper  labourers  among  whom 
the  capital  of  the  trade  has  to  be  shared.  Hence 
the  burden  of  maintaining  the  paupers  will  be 
virtually  shifted  from  the  capitalist  to  the  labourer, 
the  poor-rate  being  thus  really  paid  out  of  the 
wages  of  the  operatives,  instead  of  tlie  profits  of 
the  traders,  as  it  should  be. 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


243 


And  here  lies  the  great  wrong  of  pauper  labour. 
It  saddles  the  poor  with  the  maintenance  of  their 
poorer  brethren,  while  the  rich  not  only  contribute 
nothing  to  their  support,  but  are  made  still  richer 
by  the  increased  cheapness  resulting  from  the  de- 
preciation of  labour  and  their  consequent  ability 
to  obtain  a  greater  quantity  of  commodities  for 
the  same  amount  of  money. 

In  illustration  of  this  argiiment  let  us  say  the 
•wages  of  600  independent  scavagers  amount,  at 
l&s.  a  week  each  the  year  through,  to  23,400^.  per 
annum  ;  and  let  us  say,  moreover,  that  the  keep 
of  400  paupers  amounts,  at  5s.  a  week  each,  to, 
altogether,  5200/. ;  hence  the  total  annual  expense 
to  the  several  metropolitan  parishes  for  cleansing 
the  streets  and  maintaining  400  paupers  would 
be  23,400/.  +  5200/.  =  28,600/. 

If,  however,  the  400  paupers  be  set  to  scavag- 
ing  work,  and  made  to  do  something  for  their 
keep,  one  of  two  things  must  follow :  (1)  either 
the  400  extra  hands  will  receive  their  share 
of  the  23,400/.  devoted  to  the  payment  of  the 
operative  scavagers,  in  which  case  the  wages  of 
each  of  the  regular  hands  will  be  reduced  from 
15s.  to  9s.  a  week ;  hence  the  maintenance 
of  the  paupers  will  be  saddled  upon  the  600 
independent  operatives,  who  will  lose  no  less 
than  9360/.  per  annum,  while  the  ratepayers  will 
be  saved  the  maintenance  of  the  400  paupers 
and  so  gain  5200/.  per  annum  by  the  change; 
(2)  or  else  400  of  the  self-supporting  operatives 
must  be  thrown  out  of  work,  in  which  case  the 
displaced  labourers  will  lose  no  less  than  1 5,600/., 
■while  the  ratepayers  will  gain  upwards  of  5000/. 

The  reader  is  now,  I  believe,  in  a  position  to 
comprehend  the  wrong  done  to  the  self-supporting 
scaragers  by  the  employment  of  pauper  labour  in 
the  cleansing  of  the  streets. 

The  preparation  of  the  material  of  the  roads  of 
a  parish  seems,  as  far  as  the  metropolis  is  con- 
cerned, at  one  time  to  have  supplied  the  chief 
**  test,"  to  which  parishes  have  resorted,  as  regards 
the  willingness  to  labour  on  the  part  of  the  able- 
bodied  applicants  for  relief.  When  the  casual 
wards  of  the  workhouses  were  open  for  the  re- 
ception of  all  vagrants  who  sought  a  night's 
shelter,  each  tramper  was  required  to  break  so 
many  stones  in  the  morning  before  receiving  a 
certain  allowance  of  bread,  soup,  or  what  not  for 
bit  breakfast ;  and  he  then  might  be  received  again 
into  the  shelter  of  this  casual  asylum.  In  some 
parishes  the  wards  were  open  without  the  test  of 
ttone-breaking,  and  there  was  a  crowded  resort  to 
them,  especially  during  the  prevalence  of  the 
Cunine  in  Ireland  and  the  immigration  of  the  Irish 
peaaanti  to  England.  The  favourite  resort  of  the 
ragrantt  was  Marylebone  workhouse,  and  Irish 
immigrantt  Tery  frequently  presented  slips  of 
paper  on  which  some  tramper  whom  they  had 
met  with  on  their  way  had  written  "  Afarylefjone 
itoriAonte"  na  the  best  place  ut  which  they  could 
apply,  and  these  the  simple  Irish  offered  as  pass- 
ports for  admission  ! 

Qradnalty,  the  asylum  of  these  wards,  with  or 
without  labour  tests,  was  discontinued,  and  in  one 
where  the  labotir  test  used  to  be  strongly  insisted 


upon — ^in  St.  Pancras — a  school  for  pauper  children 
has  been  erected  on  the  site  of  the  stone-yard. 

This  labour  test  was  unequal  when  applied  to 
all  comers ;  for  what  was  easy  work  to  an  agricul- 
tural labourer,  a  railway  excavator,  a  quarryman, 
or  to  any  one  used  to  wield  a  hammer,  was  painful 
and  blistering  to  a  starving  tailor.  Nor  was  the 
test  enforced  by  the  overseers  or  regarded  by  the 
paupers  as  a  proof  of  willingness  to  work,  but 
simply  as  a  punishment  for  poverty,  and  as  a 
means  of  deterring  the  needy  from  applying  for 
relief.  To  make  labour  a  punishment,  however,  is 
not  to  destroy,  but  really  to  confirm,  idle  habits ; 
it  is  to  give  a  deeper  root  to  the  vagrant's  settled 
aversion  to  work.  '*  Well,  I  always  thought  it  wag 
unpleasant,"  the  vagabond  will  say  to  himself 
"  that  working  for  one's  bread,  and  now  I  'ra  con- 
vinced  of  it  ! "  Again,  in  many  of  the  workhouses 
the  labour  to  which  the  paupers  were  set  was  of  a 
manifestly  unremunerative  character,  being  work 
for  mere  work's  sake ;  and  to  apply  people  to  un- 
productive labour  is  to  destroy  all  the  ordinary 
motives  to  toil — to  take  away  the  only  stimulus  to 
industry,  and  remove  the  very  Avill  to  work  which 
the  labour  test  was  supposed  to  discover  *. 

The  labour  test,  then,  or  setting  the  poor  to 
work  as  a  proof  of  their  willingness  to  labour, 
appears  to  be  as  foolish  as  it  is  vicious  ;  the  ob- 
jections to  it  being — (1)  the  inequality  of  the  test 
applied  to  different  kinds  of  work-people ;  (2)  the 
tendency  of  it  to  confirm  rather  than  weaken  idle 
habits  by  making  labour  inordinately  repulsive ; 
(3)  the  removal  of  the  ordinary  stimulus  to  in- 
dustry by  the  unproductiveness  of  the  work  to 
which  the  poor  are  generally  applied. 

And  now,  having  dealt  with  the  subject  of  parish 
labour  as  a  test  of  the  willingnes  to  work  on  the 
part  of  the  applicants  for  relief,  I  will  proceed  to 
deal  with  that  portion  of  the  work  itself  which  is 
connected  with  the  cleansing  of  the  streets. 

And  first  as  to  the  employment  of  paupers  at 
all  in  the  streets.  If  pauperism  be  a  dis- 
grace, then  it  is  unjust  to  turn  a  man  into  the 
public  thoroughfares,  wearing  the  badge  of  beg- 
gary, to  be  pointed  at  and  scorned  for  his  poverty, 
especially  when  we  are  growing  so  particularly 
studious  of  our  criminals  that  we  make  them 
wear  masks  to  prevent  even  their  faces  being 
seen  +.  Nor  is  it  consistent  with  the  principles  of 
an  enlightened  national  morality  that  we  should 
force  a  body  of  honest  men  to  labour  upon  the 
highways,  branded  with  a  degrading  garb,  like 
convicts.  Neither  is  it  inse  to  do  so,  for  the 
shame  of  poverty  soon  becomes  deadened  by  the 
repeated  exposure  to  public  scorn  ;  and  thus  the 
occasional  recipient  of  parish  relief  is  ultimately 

•  Mr.  Sidney  Herbert  informed  me,  that  when  he  was 
connettcd  with  the  Ordnance  Uepartmcnt  the  severest 
punishment  they  could  discover  for  irih-ucss  was  the 
piling  and  unpiling  of  cannon  shot;  but  surely  this 
was  the  consummation  of  ollicial  folly !  for  iilliness 
bfing  siinply  an  aversion  to  work,  it  is  almost  sc-lf- 
evidi-nt  that  it  is  impfutnble  to  remove  this  aversion  by 
making  labour  inordinately  irksome  and  repulsive. 
Until  we  understand  the  means  by  which  work  is  made 
pleasant,  aud  can  discover  other  modes  of  employing  our 
paupers  and  rriminals,  all  our  workhouse  and  prison 
discipline  is  idle  tyranny. 

t  'rhis  it  done  at  the  Model  Prison,  Ptnlonville. 


244 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


converted  into  the  hardened  and  habitual  pauper. 
"  Once  a  pauper  always  a  pauper,"  I  was  assured 
was  the  parish  rule  ;  and  here  lies  the  rationale  of 
the  fact.  Not  long  ago  this  system  of  employing 
ladijid  paupers  to  labour  in  the  public  thoroughfares 
was  carried  to  a  much  more  offensive  extent  than  it 
is  even  at  present.  At  one  time  the  pauper 
labourers  of  a  certain  parish  had  the  attention 
of  every  passer-by  attracted  to  them  while  at 
their  work,  for  oa  the  back  of  each  man's  garb — a 
sort  of  smock-frock — was  marked,  with  sufficient 
prominence,  "  Clerkenwell.  Siop  it  !  "  This 
public  intimation  tliat  the  labourers  were  not  only 
paupers,  but  regarded  as  thieves,  and  expected  to 
purloin  the  parish  dress  they  wore,  attracted  public 
attention,  and  was  severelj'  conmiented  upon  at  a 
meeting.  The  "  Stop  it  ! "  therefore  was  can- 
celled, and  the  frocks  are  now  merely  lettered 
"  Clerkenwell."  IJefore  the  alteration  the  men 
very  generally  wore  the  garment  inside  out. 

Tlie  present  dress  of  the  parish  scavagers  is 
usually  a  loose  smock-frock,  costing  Is.  <6d.  to 
2s,  and  a  glazed  hat  of  about  the  same  price.  In 
Bome  cases,  however,  the  men  may  wear  these 
things  or  not,  at  their  option. 

The  pauper  scavagers  employed  by  the  several 
metropolitan  parishes  may  be  divided  into  three 
classes : — 

1.  The  in-door  paupers,  who  receive  no  wages 
whatever  (their  lodging,  food,  and  clothing  being 
considered  to  be  sufficient  remuneration  for  their 
labour). 

2.  The  out-door  paupers,  Avho  are  paid  partly  in 
money  and  partly  in  kind,  and  employed  in  some 
cases  three  days  and  in  others  six  days  in  the 
week. 

These  may  be  subdivided  into — (a)  the  single 
men,  who  receive,  or  rather  used  to  receive, 
2d.  and  a  quartern  loaf  for  each  of  the  three 
or  more  days  they  were  so  employed  ;  {h)  the 
married  men  with  families,  who  receive  ^s. 
and  3  quartern  loaves  a  week  to  Is.  Dxd.  and 
1  quartern  loaf  for  each  day's  labour. 

3.  The  unemployed  labourers  of  the  district, 
•who  are  set  to  scavaging  work  by  the  parish, 
and  paid  a  regular  money  wage — the  employment 
being  constant,  and  the  rate  of  remuneration 
ranging  from  Is.  Zd.  to  2^.  6c^.  a  day  for  each  of 
the  six  days,  or  from  7*.  (id.  to  los.  a  week. 

In  pp.  246,  247, 1  give  a  table  of  the  wages  paid 
by  each  of  the  metropolitan  parishes.  This  has  been 
collected  at  great  trouble  in  order  to  arrive  at  the 
truth  on  this  most  important  matter,  and  for  which 
purpose  the  several  parishes  have  been  personally 
visited.  It  will  be  seen  on  reference  to  this 
document,  that  there  is  only  one  parish  at  present 
that  employs  its  in-door  paupers  in  the  scavaging  of 
the  public  streets;  and  3  parishes  employing  48 
out-door  paupers,  who  are  paid  partly  in  money 
and  partly  in  bread  ;  the  money  remuneration 
ranging  from  1#.  \\d.  a  day  (paid  by  Clerkenwell) 
to  7*.  a  week  (paid  by  Ciielsea),  and  moreover  31 
parishes  employing  408  applicants  for  relief  (pau- 
pers they  cannot  be  called),  and  paying  them  wholly 
in  mone}',  the  remuneration  ranging  from  15*. 
per   week   to    7^.    M.    (paid  by   the  Liberty  of 


the  Rolls),  and  the  employment  from  6  to  3 
days  weekly.  As  a  general  rule  it  was  found 
that  the  greatest  complaints  were  made  by 
the '  authorities  as  to  the  idleness  of  the  poor, 
and  by  the  poor  as  to  the  tyranny  of  the 
authorities,  in  those  parishes  where  the  remunera- 
tion was  the  least.  In  St.  Luke's,  Ciielsea,  for 
instance,  where  the  remimeration  is  but  7s.  a  week 
and  three  loaves,  the  criminations  and  recrimina- 
tions by  the  parish  functionaries  and  the  paupers 
were  almost  equally  harsh  and  bitter.  I  should, 
however,  observe  that  the  men  employed  in  this 
parish  spoke  in  terms  of  great  commendation  of 
Mr.  Pattison  the  surveyor,  saying  he  always  gave 
them  to  understand  that  they  were  free  labourers, 
and  invariably  treated  them  as  such.  The  men 
at  work  for  Bermondsey  parish  also  spoke  very 
highly  of  their  superintendent,  who,  it  seems,  has 
interested  himself  to  obtain  for  them  a  foul-weather 
coat.  Some  of  the  highway  boards  or  trusts  take 
all  the  pauper  labourers  sent  them  by  the  parish, 
while  others  give  employment  only  to  such  as 
please  them.  These  boards  generally  pay  good 
wages,  and  are  in  favour  with  the  men. 

The  mode  of  working,  as  regards  the  use  of  the 
implements  and  the  manual  labour,  is  generally 
the  same  among  the  pauper  scavagers  as  I  have 
described  in  connection  with  the  scavagers  gene- 
rail }-. 

The  consideration  of  what  is  the  rate  of  parish 
pay  to  the  poor  who  are  employed  as  scavagers, 
is  complicated  by  the  different  modes  in  which 
the  employment  is  carried  out,  for,  as  we  see, 
there  is — 1st,  the  scavaging  labour,  by  work- 
house inmates,  without  any  payment  beyond 
the  cost  of  maintenance  and  clothing ;  2nd,  the 
"short"  or  three-days-a-week  labour,  with  or 
without  "relief"  in  the  bestowal  of  bread  ;  and 
3rd,  the  six  days'  work  weekly,  with  a  money 
wage  and  no  bread,  nor  anything  in  the  form  of 
payment  in  kind  or  of  "  relief." 

Let  me  begin  with  the  first  system  of  labour 
above  mentioned,  viz.  the  employment  of  the  in- 
door paupers  without  wages  of  any  kind,  their 
food,  lodging,  and  clothing  being  considered  as 
equivalents  for  their  work.  The  principal  evil  in 
connection  with  this  form  of  parish  work  is  its 
compulsory  character,  the  men  regarding  it  not  as 
so  much  work  given  in  exchange  for  such  and 
such  comforts,  but  as  something  exacted  from 
them  ;  and,  to  tell  the  truth,  it  is  precisely  the 
counterpart  of  slavery,  being  equally  deficient  in 
all  inducement  to  toil,  and  consequently  requiring 
almost  the  same  system  of  compulsion  and  super- 
vision in  order  to  keep  the  men  at  their  labour. 
All  interest  in  the  work  is  destroyed,  there  being 
no  reward  connected  with  it;  and  consequently 
the  same  organized  system  of  setting  to  work  is 
required  as  with  cattle.  There  are  but  two  in- 
ducements to  voluntary  action — pain  to  be  avoided 
or  pleasure  to  be  derived — or,  in  other  words,  the 
attractiveness  and  repulsiveness  of  objects.  Take 
away  the  pecuniary  attraction  of  labour,  and  men 
become  mere  beasts  of  burden,  capable  of  being 
set  to  work  only  by  the  dread  of  some  punish* 
ment;  hence  the  system  of  parish  labour,  which 


THE    SWEEPS'    HOME. 

(#Vwn  a  %ketch  taken  on  the  spot.) 


k 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


245 


bu  no  reward  directly  connected  with  it,  must 
necessarily  be  tyrannical^  and  so  tend  to  induce 
idleness  and  a  hatred  of  work  altogether. 

Of  the  different  forms  of  pauper  work,  street- 
sweeping  is,  I  am  inclined  to  believe,  the  most 
unpopular  of  all  among  the  poor.  The  scavaging 
is  generally  done  in  the  workhouse  dress,  and 
that  to  all,  except  the  hardened  paupers,  and 
sometimes  even  to  them,  is  highly  distasteful. 
Neither  have  such  labourers,  as  I  have  said,  the 
incentive  of  that  hope  of  the  reward  which, 
however  dirainutire,  still  tends  to  sweeten  the 
most  repulsive  Libour.  I  am  informed  by  an  ex- 
perienced gangsman  under  a  contractor,  that  it  is 
notorions  that  the  workhouse  hands  are  the  least 
industrious  scavagers  in  the  streets,  "  They  don't 
sweep  as  well,"  he  said,  "  and  don't  go  about  it 
like  regular  men  ;  they  take  it  quite  easy."  It  is 
often  asserted  that  this  labour  of  the  workhouse 
men  is  applied  as  a  test ;  but  this  opinion  seems 
rather  to  bear  on  the  past  than  the  present. 

One  man  thus  employed  gave  me  the  following 
account.  He  was  garrulous  but  not  communi- 
cative, as  is  frequently  the  case  with  men  who 
love  to  hear  themselves  talk,  and  are  not  very 
often  able  to  command  listeners.  He  was  healthy 
looking  enough,  but  he  told  me  he  was,  or  had 
been  "  delicate."  He  querulously  objected  to  be 
questioned  about  his  youth,  or  the  reason  of  his 
being  a  pauper,  but  seemed  to  be  abounding  in 
workhouse  stories  and  workhouse  grievances. 

"  Street-sweeping,"  he  said,  "  degrades  a  man, 
and  if  a  man 's  poor  he  hasn't  no  call  to  be  de- 
graded. Why  can't  they  set  the  thieves  and  pick- 
pockets to  sweep]  they  could  be  watched  easy 
enough  ;  there 's  always  idle  fellers  as  reckons  their- 
•elres  real  gents,  as  can  be  got  for  watching  and 
Bitch  easy  jobs,  for  they  gets  as  much  for  them,  as 
three  men 's  paid  for  hard  work  in  a  week.  I  never 
was  in  a  prison,  but  I  've  heerd  that  people  there  is 
better  fed  and  better  cared  for  than  in  workusses. 
)!V hat's  the  meaning  of  that,  sir,  I  'd  like  fur  to 
know?  You  can't  tell  me,  but  I  can  tell  you. 
The  workus  is  made  as  ugly  as  it  can  be,  that  poor 
people  may  be  got  to  leave  it,  and  chance  dying 
in  the  street  rather."  [Here  the  man  indulged 
in  a  gabbled  detail  of  a  series  of  pauper  grievances 
which  I  had  a  difficulty  in  diverting  or  inter- 
rupting. On  my  asking  if  the  other  paupers  had 
the  same  opinion  as  to  street-sweeping  as  he  had, 
he  replied : — ]  "  To  be  sure  they  has;  all  them  that 
has  sense  to  have  a  'pinion  at  all  has  ;  there 's  not 
two  sides  to  it  any  how.  No,  I  don't  want  to  be 
kept  and  do  nothink.  I  want  proper  work.  And 
by  the  rights  of  it  I  might  as  well  be  kept  with 

nothink  to  do  as or "  [parish  officials]. 

"  Have  they  nothing  to  do,"  I  asked  1  "  Nothink, 
bat  to  make  mischief  and  get  what  ought  to  go  to 
the  poor.  It  '•  salaries  and  such  like  as  swallers 
the  rates,  and  that's  what  every  poor  family 
knows  as  knows  anythink.  Did  I  ever  like  my 
work  better]  Certainly  not  Do  I  take  any 
pains  with  it  1  Well,  where  would  be  the  good  ] 
I  can  sweep  well  enough,  when  I  please,  but  if  I 
could  do  more  than  the  best  man  as  ever  Mr. 
Darke  paid  a  pound  a  week  to,  it  wouldn't  be  a 


bit  better  for  me — not  a  bit,  sir,  I  assure  you.  "We 
all  takes  it  easy  whenever  we  can,  but  the  work 
must  be  done.  The  only  good  about  it  is  that 
you  get  outside  the  house.  It 's  a  change  that 
way  certainly.  But  we  work  like  horses  and  is 
treated  like  asses."  [On  my  reminding  him  that 
he  had  just  told  me  that  they  all  took  it  easy 
when  they  could,  and  thai  rather  often,  he  re- 
plied :]  "  Well,  don't  horses  ]  But  it  ain't  much 
use  talking,  sir.  It 's  only  them  as  has  been  in 
workusses  and  in  parish  work  as  can  understand 
all  the  ins  and  outs  of  it." 

In  giving  the  above  and  the  following  state- 
ments I  have  endeavoured  to  elicit  Xh.Q  feelings  of 
the  several  paupers  whom  I  conversed  with. 
Poor,  ignorant,  or  prejudiced  men  may  easily  be 
mistaken  in  their  opinions,  or  in  what  they  may 
consider  their  "  facts,"  but  if  a  clear  exposition  of 
their  sentiments  be  obtained,  it  is  a  guide  to  the 
truth.  I  have,  therefore,  given  the  statement  of  the 
indoor  pauper's  opinions,  querulously  as  they  were 
delivered,  .is  I  believe  them  to  be  the  sentiments 
of  those  of  his  class  who,  as  he  said,  had  any 
opinion  at  all. 

It  seems  indeed,  from  all  I  could  learn  on  the 
subject,  that  pauper  street-work,  even  at  the  best, 
is  unwilling  and  slovenly  work,  pauper  workmen 
being  the  worst  of  all  workmen.  If  the  streets  be 
swept  clean,  it  is  because  a  dozen  paupers  are  put 
to  the  labour  of  eight,  nine,  or  ten  regular  scavagers 
who  are  independent  labourers,  and  who  may  have 
some  "  pride  of  art,"  or  some  desire  to  show  their 
employers  that  they  are  to  be  depended  upon. 
This  feeling  does  not  actuate  the  pauper  workman, 
who  thinks  or  knows  that  if  he  did  evince  a 
desire  and  a  perseverance  to  please,  it  would  avail 
him  little  beyond  the  sneers  and  ill-will  of  his 
mates  ;  so  that,  even  with  a  disposition  to  acquire 
the  good  opinion  of  the  authorities,  there  is  this 
obstacle  in  his  way,  and  to  most  men  who  move  in 
a  circumscribed  sphere  it  is  a  serious  obstacle. 

Of  the  second  mode  of  pauper  scavaging,  viz., 
that  performed  by  out-door  paupers,  and  paid 
for  partly  in  money  and  partly  in  kind,  I  heard 
from  officials  connected  with  pauper  management 
very  strong  condemnations,  as  being  full  of  mis- 
chievous and  degrading  tendencies.  The  payment 
to  the  out-door  pauper  scavager  averages,  as  I 
have  stated,  9(/.  a  day  to  a  single  man,  with, 
perhaps,  a  quartern  loaf;  and  this,  in  some  cases, 
is  for  only  three  days  in  the  week  ;  while  to  a  mar- 
ried man  with  a  family,  it  varies  between  Is.  l\d. 
and  Is.  2d.  a  day,  with  a  quartern,  and  some- 
times two  quartern  loaves;  and  this,  likewise,  is  oc- 
casionally from  three  to  six  days  in  the  week.  On 
this  the  single  or  family  men  must  subsist,  if  they 
have  no  other  means  of  earning  an  addition.  The 
men  thus  employed  are  certainly  not  independent 
labourers,  nor  are  they,  in  the  full  sense  of  tho 
word  as  popularly  understood,  paupers  ;  for  their 
means  of  subsistence  are  partly  the  fruits  of  their 
toil ;  and  although  they  are  wretchedly  dependent, 
they  seem  to  feel  that  they  have  a  sort  of  right  to 
be  set  to  work,  as  the  law  ordains  such  modicum 
of  relief,  in  or  out  of  tho  workhouse,  as  will  only 
ward  off  death  through  hunger.     This   "  three- 


2^6 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


*TABLE     SHOWING     THE     NUMBER     OF     MEN    EMPLOYED     BY 
SCAVAGING,  AS  WELL  AS  THE  NUMBER  OF    HOURS    PER    DAY 


AMOUNT    OF   WAGES   ACCRUING    TO    EACH, 

AND    THE    TOTAL 

No.  of  mar-  Number  of| 

riedmen    single  men 

Number  of 

Number  of 

Daily  or  weekly 

employed     employed 

Superin- 

Foremen 

wages  of  the 

Parishes. 

by  parishes  by  parishes 

tendents 

or  Gangers 

married 

daily  insca- 

daily  in 

employed 

employed 
by  parishes. 

parish-men. 

vaging    the 

scavaging 

by  parishes. 

streets. 

the  streeU. 

Paid  in  Money  {by  Panshet). 

s. 

Greenwich 

7 

1 

1 

1 

15 

Walworth "1 

Newington _f 

12 

8 

3 

15 

Lambeth 

30 

1 

15 

Poplar 

20 

15 

St.  Ann's,  Soho 

4 

1 

15 

Rotherhithe 

4 

14 

Wandsworth 

6 

12 

Hackney 

12 

4 

12 

St.  Mary's,  Paddington      .... 

8 

5 

1 

12 

St.  Giles's,  and  St.  George's,  Bloomsbury     . 

20 

4 

12 

St.  Pancras  (South-west  Division) 

10 

2 

12 

St.  Clement  Danes 

6 

2 

11 

St  Paul's,  Covent-garden  .... 

2 

5 

11 

St.  James's,  Westminster  .... 

6 

10 

Ditto 

6 

10 

Ditto ' 

6 

9 

St  Andrew's,  Holbom       .... 

10 

1 

9 

Marylebone 

80 

15 

1 

10 

9 

St.  George's,  Hanover-square 

30 

6 

1 

4 

95.  a  week. 

Liberty  of  the  Rolls           .         .         .         .' 

1 

75.   6d. 

Bermondsey 

13 

1 

1 

Is.  id.  per  day. 

Paid  in  Money  {by  Highway  Boards). 

St.  James's,  Clerkenwell  (1st  Division) 

5 

1 

15 

Islington 

7 

1 

15 

Commercial  Road  East       .... 

4 

1 

1 

15 

Hampstead 

4 

15 

Highgate 

3 

2 

14 

Kensington 

6 

1 

12 

Lewisham 

4 

12 

Camberwell 

10 

12 

Christchurch,  Lambeth       .... 

6 

12 

Woolwich 

5 

12 

Deptford 

4 

9 

Paid  partly  in  hind. 

St.  Luke's,  Chelsea 

27 

9 

3 

75.,  and  on  an  ave- 
rage 3  loaves  each,, 
at  id.  a  loaf. 

Hans-town       „ 

6 

1 

75.,  and  average  3 

loaves  per  head. 

St.  James'a,  Clerkenwell    .... 

6 

l5.14<^.aday,and 

1  quartern  loaf. 

Paid  wholly  in  kind. 

St.  Pancras  (Highways) 

10 

1 

estimated  expense 

of  food,  25.  id. 

weekly. 

Total 

400 

66 

8 

62 

*  The  number  of  men  here  given  as  employed  by  the  parishes  in  the  scavaging  of  t 
from  that  of  the  table  at  page  213 ;  but  the  present  table  includes  all  the  parish-men 

tie  streets  will  be  found  to  diflTer 
employed  throughout  London, 

whereas  the  other  referred  to  only  a  portion  of  the  localities  there  mentioned. 

LONDON 

'  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 

I 
247 

BOARDS     IN 

THE    METROPOLITAN 

PARISHES    AND    HIGHWAY 

AND   NUMBER    OF    DAYS    PER    WEEK,    TOGETHER 

WITH    THE 

ANNUAL  WAGES  OF  THE  WHOLE. 

Number  of 

Daily  or  weekly 

wages  of  the 

single 

Weekly   wages 
of  the 

Weekly  wages 
of  Foremen  or 

Number  of 
hours  per  day 

days  in  the  week 
each  parish-man 

Total  annual  wages 
of  the  whole. 

Superintendents 

Gangers 

each  parish-man 

is  employed 

including  the  estimated 

parish-men. 

employed  by 
parishes. 

emjiloyed  by 
parislies. 

is  employed  to 
sweep  the  streets. 

in  sweeping 

the 

streets. 

value  of 
food  and  clothes. 

*. 

s. 

s. 

£.      S.     d. 

15 

30«.  and  a  house 
to  live  in. 

18 

10 

6 

456   16      0 

n 

18 

12 

6 

899  12    0 

20 

18 

10 

6 

1456     0     0 

18 

10 

6 

967    4     0 

15 

12 

6 

195     0    0 

16 

10 

6 

187    4     0 

18 

10 

6 

234     0     0 

10 

18 

10 

G 

665  12     0 

10 

20 

15 

12 

6 

509  12     0 

12 

18 

12 

6 

936     0     0 

18 

12 

6          1 

.  -     93  12     0 

11 

15 

.10 

6 

267  16     0 

11 

13 

12 

6 

234     0     0 

12 

10 

6 

187     4     0 

12 

10 

6 

187    4     0 

12 

10 

6 

166  12     0 

15 

12 

10 

6 

304     4     0 

9 

18 

16 

10 

6 

^     2685  16     0 

9s.  a  week. 

20 

16 

10 

6 

r      1060  16     0 

10 

6 

19  10     0 

1*.  id.  per  day. 

285.  and  clothbg. 

10 

5 

321     3     4 

10 

6 

195     0     0 

15 

18 

10 

6 

405     0     0 

15 

100/.  a  year. 

12 

6 

295     0     0 

18 

10 

6 

202  10     0 

U 

18 

10 

6 

228  16     0 

12 

18 

12 

6 

265     4     0 

18 

10 

e 

171  12     0 

18 

12 

6 

358  16     0 

15 

10 

6 

226     4     0 

18 

10 

G 

202  16     0 

18 

10 

3 

140     8     0 

7 

H 

10 

6 

834  12     0 

14 

10 

6 

161     4    0 

10 

3 

70    4     0 

2U.  and  food. 

8 

4 

128     5    4 

15,919     8     8 

243 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


days-a-week  work"  is  by  the  poor  or  pauper 
labourers  looked  upon  as  being,  after  the  in-door 
pauper  work,  the  worst  sort  of  eniplojTnent. 

From  a  married  man  employed  by  the  parish 
under  this  mode,  I  had  the  following  account. 

He  was  an  intelligent-looking  man,  of  about  35, 
but  with  nothing  very  particular  in  his  appearance 
unless  it  were  a  head  of  very  curly  hair.  He 
gave  me  the  statement  in  his  own-  room,  which 
was  larger  than  I  have  usually  found  such 
abodes,  and  would  have  been  very  bare,  but  that 
it  was  somewhiit  littered  with  the  vessels  of  his 
trade  as  a  street-seller  of  Nectar,  Persian  Sherbet, 
Raspberryade,  and  other  decoctions  of  coloured 
ginger^beer,  with  high-sounding  names  and  indif- 
ferent flavour :  in  the  summer  he  said  he  could 
live  better  thereby,  with  a  little  costering,  than  by 
street-sweeping,  but  being  often  a  sickly  man  he 
could  not  do  so  during  the  uncertainties  of  a  winter 
street  trade.  His  wife,  a  decent  looking  woman, 
was  present  occasionally,  suckling  one  child,  about 
two  years  old — for  the  poor  often  protract  the  wean- 
ing of  their  children,  as  the  mother's  nutriment  is 
the  cTieapest  of  all  food  for  the  infant,  and  as  the 
means  of  postponing  the  further  increase  of  their 
family — whilst  another  of  five  or  six  years  of  age  sat 
on  a  bench  by  her  side.  There  was  nothing  on  the 
walls  in  the  way  of  ttn  ornament,  as  I  have  seen 
in  some  of  the  rooms  of  the  poor,  for  the  couple 
had  once  been  in  the  workhouse,  and  might  be 
driven  there  again,  and  with  such  apprehensions 
did  not  care,  perhaps,  to  make  a  home  otherwise 
than  they  found  it,  even  if  the  consumption  of 
only  a  little  spare  time  were  involved. 

The  husband  said : — 

"I  was  brought  up  as  a  type-founder;  my 
father,  who  was  one,  learnt  me  his  trade ;  but  he 
died  when  I  was  quite  a  young  man,  or  I  might 
have  been  better  perfected  in  it,  I  was  com- 
fortably off  enough  then,  and  got  married.  Very 
soon  after  that  I  was  taken  ill  with  an  abscess  in 
my  neck,  you  can  see  the  mark  of  it  still."  [He 
showed  me  the  mark.]  "For  six  months  I  wasn't 
able  to  do  a  thing,  and  I  was  a  part  of  the  time, 
I  don't  recollect  how  long,  in  St.  Bartholomew's 
Hospital.  I  was  weak  and  ill  when  I  came 
out,  and  hardly  fit  for  work ;  I  couldn't  hear  of 
any  work  I  could  get,  for  there  was  a  great 
bother  in  the  trade  between  master  and  men. 
Before  I  went  into  the  hospital,  there  was  money 
to  pay  to  doctors ;  and  when  I  came  out  I  could 
earn  nothing,  so  everything  went,  yes,  sir,  every- 
thing. My  wife  made  a  little  matter  with  charing 
for  femilies  she  'd  lived  in,  but  things  are  in  a  bad 
way  if  a  poor  woman  has  to  keep  her  husband. 
She  was  taken  ill  at  last,  and  then  there  was 
nothing  but  the  parish  for  us.  I  suffered  a  great 
deal  before  it  come  to  that.  It  was  awful.  No 
one  can  know  what  it  is  but  them  that  suffers  it. 
But  I  didn't  know  what  in  the  world  to  do.  We 
lived  then  in  St,  Luke's,  and  were  passed  to  our 
own  parish,  and  were  three  months  in  the  work- 
house. The  living  was  good  enough,  better  then 
than  it  is  now,  I  've  heard,  but  I  was  miserable." 
["  And  I  was  very  miserable,"  interposed  the  wife, 
"for  I  had  been  brought  up  comfortable;   my 


father  was  a  respectable  tradesman  in  St.  George's- 
in-the-East,  and  I  had  been  in  good  situations."] 
"We  made  ourselves,"  said  the  husband,  "as 
useful  as  we  could,  but  we  were  parted  of  course. 
At  the  three  months'  end,  I  had  10s.  given  to  me 
to  come  out  with,  and  was  told  I  might  start 
costermongering  on  it.  But  to  a  man  not  up  to 
the  trade,  10s.  won't  go  very  far  to  keep  up 
costering.  I  didn't  feel  master  enough  of  my 
own  trade  by  this  time  to  try  for  work  at  it,  and 
work  wasn't  at  all  regular.  There  were  good 
hands  earning  only  125.  a  week.  The  10s,  soon 
went,  and  I  had  again  to  apply  for  relief,  and  got 
an  order  for  the  stone-yard  to  go  and  break  stones. 
Ten  bushels  was  to  be  broken  for  15d.  It  was 
dreadful  hard  work  at  first.  My  hands  got  all 
blistered  and  bloody,  and  I  've  gone  home  and 
cried  with  pain  and  wretchedness.  At  first  it  was 
on  to  three  days  before  I  could  break  the  ten 
bushels.  I  felt  shivered  to  bits  all  over  my  arms 
and  shoulders,  and  my  head  was  splitting.  I  then 
got  to  do  it  in  two  days,  and  then  in  one,  and  it 
grew  easier.  But  all  this  time  I  had  only  what 
-was  reckoned  three  days'  work  in  a  week.  That 
is,  you  see,  sir,  I  had  only  three  times  ten  bushels 
of  stones  given  to  break  in  the  week,  and  earned 
only  35.  9d.  Yes,  I  lived  on  it,  and  paid  Is.  6d. 
a  week  rent,  for  the  neighbours  took  care  of  a 
few  sticks  for  us,  and  the  parish  or  a  broker 
wouldn't  have  found  them  Avorth  carriage.  My 
wife  was  then  in  the  country  with  a  sister.  I 
lived  upon  bread  and  dripping,  went  without  fire 
or  candle  (or  had  one  only  very  seldom)  though 
it  wasn't  warm  weather.  I  can  safely  say  that 
for  eight  weeks  I  never  tasted  one  bite  of  meat, 
and  hardly  a  bite  of  butter.  When  I  couldn't 
sleep  of  a  night,  but  that  wasn't  often,  it  was 
terrible,  very,  I  washed  what  bits  of  things  I 
had  then  myself,  and  had  sometimes  to  get  a 
ha'porth  of  soap  as  a  favour,  as  the  chandler  said 
she  'didn't  make  less  than  a  penn'orth.'  If  I 
eat  too  much  dripping,  it  made  me  feel  sick.  I 
hardly  know  how  much  bread  and  dripping  I  eat 
in  a  week.  I  spent  what  money  I  had  in  it  and 
bread,  and  sometimes  went  without.  I  was  very 
weak,  you  may  be  sure,  sir ;  and  if  I  'd  had  the 
influenza  or  anything  that  way,  I  should  have 
gone  off  like  a  shot,  for  I  seemed  to  have  no  con- 
stitution left.  But  my  wife  came  back  again  and 
got  work  at  charing,  and  made  about  45.  a  week 
at  it ;  but  we  were  still  very  badly  off.  Then  I 
got  to  work  on  the  roads  every  day,  and  had  Is. 
and  a  quartern  loaf  a  day,  which  was  a  rise.  I 
had  only  one  child  then,  but  men  with  larger 
families  got  two  quartern  loaves  a  day.  Single 
men  got  9d.  a  day.  It  was  far  easier  work  than 
stone-breaking  too.  The  hours  were  from  eight 
to  five  in  winter,  and  from  seven  to  six  in  summer. 
But  there 's  always  changes  going  on,  and  we  were 
put  on  Is.  liid.  a  day  and  a  quartern  loaf,  and 
only  three  days  a  week.  All  the  same  as  to  time 
of  course.  The  bread  wasn't  good;  it  was  only 
cheap.  I  suppose  there  was  20  of  us  working  most 
of  the  times  as  I  was.  The  gangsman,  as  you 
call  him,  but  that 's  more  for  the  regular  hands, 
was  a  servant  of  the  parish,  and  a  great  tyrant. 


L0ND02f^  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


2id 


Yes,  indeed,  when  we  had  a  talk  among  ourselves, 
there  ^-as  nothing  but  grumbling  heard  of. 
Some  of  the  tiles  I  've  heard  were  shocking  ; 
worse  than  what  I've  gone  through.  Everybody 
was  grumbling,  except  perhaps  two  men  that  had 
been  20  years  in  the  streets,  and  were  like  born 
paupers.  They  didn't  feel  it,  for  there's  a  great 
difference  in  men.  They  knew  no  better.  But 
anybody  might  have  been  frightened  to  hear  some 
of  the  men  talk  and  curse.  We  *ve  stopped  work 
to  abuse  the  pirish  officers  as  might  be  passing. 
We  've  mobbed  the  overseers,  and  a  number  of  us, 
I  was  one,  were  taken  before  the  magistrate  for 
it ;  but  we  told  him  how  badly  we  were  off,  and 
he  disch.irged  us,  and  gave  us  orders  into  the 
workhouse,  and  told  'em  to  see  if  notliing  could  be 
done  for  us.  We  were  there  till  next  morning,  and^ 
then  sent  away  without  anything  being  said. 

"  It 's  a  sad  life,  sir,  is  a  parish  worker's.  I 
wish  to  God  I  could  get  out  of  it.  But  when  a 
man  has  children  he  can't  stop  and  say  '  I  can't 
do  this,'  and  '  I  won't  do  that.'  Last  week,  now, 
in  costering,  I  lost  65.'"  [he  meant  that  his  ex- 
penses, of  every  kind,  exceeded  his  receipts  by  6s.], 
and  though  I  can  distil  nectar,  or  anything  that  way  " 
[this  was  said  somewhat  laughingly],  "it's  only 
when  the  weather's  hot  and  fine  that  any  good 
at  all  can  be  done  with  it  I  think,  too,  that 
there  'g  not  the  money  among  working  men  that 
there  once  was.  Anything  regular  in  the  way  of 
pay  must  always  be  looked  at  by  a  man  with  a 
family. 

*'  Of  course  the  streets  must  be  properly  swept, 
and  if  I  can  sweep  them  as  well  as  Mr.  Dodd's 
men,  for  I  know  one  of  them  very  well,  why 
should  I  have  only  3*.  i}^d.  a  week  and  three 
loaves,  and  he  have  \Gs,  I  think  it  is]  I  don't 
drink,  my  wife  knows  I  don't"  [the  wil«}  assented], 
"and  it  seems  as  if  in  a  parish  a  man  must  be  kept 
down  when  he  is  down,  and  then  bLiraed  for  it. 
I  may  not  understand  all  about  it,  but  it  looks 
queer." 

From  an  unman-ud  man,  looking  like  a  mere 
boy  in  the  face,  although  he  assured  me  he  was 
nearly  2-1,  as  far  as  he  knew,  I  heard  an  account 
of  his  labour  and  its  fruits  as  a  parish  scavager ; 
also  of  his  former  career,  which  partikes  greatly 
in  its  characteristics  of  the  narratives  I  gave,  to- 
ward the  close  of  the  first  volume,  of  deserted, 
neglected,  and  runaway  children. 

He  lived  from  his  earliest  recollection  with  an 
old  woman  whom  he  first  called  "  grandmother," 
and  was  then  bid  to  call  "  aunt,"  and  she,  some  of 
the  neighbours  told  him,  had  "kept  him  out  of 
his  rights,"  for  she  had  Am.  %  week  with  him,  so 
that  there  ought  to  bare  b«en  money  coming  to 
him  when  he  grew  up.  I  h»T«  Mowtimes  heard 
abttikr  ttatcments  from  the  ignnwl  poor,  for  it  is 
i^^weable  eaoogh  to  them  to  fincy  that  they  have 
been  wronged  out  of  fortune*  to  which  they  were 
justly  entitled,  and  deprired  of  the  position  and 
coDsequence  in  life  which  they  ought  to  have  pos- 
MMod  "  by  rights."  In  the  course  of  my  inquiries 
amoi^  the  poor  women  who  supply  the  slop 
millineni'  shops  with  widows'  caps,  cap  fronts, 
women's  eoUars,  &c.,  &c.,  I  was  told  by  one  niid- 


I  die-aged  cap-maker,  a  very  silly  person,  that  she 
would  be  worth  100,000^,  "  if  she  had  her  rights." 
What  those  "  rights  "  were  she  could  not  explain, 
only  that  there  was  and  had  been  a  great  deal  of 
money  in  the  family,  and  of  course  she  had  a  right 
to  her  share,  only  she  was  kept  out  of  it. 

T!ie  youth  in  question  never  heard  of  a  father, 
and  had  been  informed  that  his  mother  had  died 
when  he  was  a  baby.  From  what  he  told  me,  I 
think  it  most  probable  that  he  was  an  illegitimate 
child,  for  whose  maintenance  his  father  possibly 
paid  the  4^-.  a  week,  perhaps  to  some  neac  relative 
i  of  the  deceased  mother.  The  old  woman,  as  well 
as  I  could  make  the  matter  out  from  his  narrative, 
died  suddenly,  and,  as  little  was  known  about  her, 
she  was  buried  by  the  parish,  and  the  lad,  on  the 
evening  of  the  funeral,  was  to  have  been  taken  by 
the  landlord  of  the  house  where  they  lodged  into 
the  workhouse  ;  but  the  boy  ran  away  before  this 
could  be  accomplished ;  the  parish  of  course  not  ob- 
jecting to  be  relieved  of  an  incumbrance.  He 
thought  he  was  then  about  twelve  or  tliirteen  years 
of  age,  and  he  had  before  run  away  from  two  schools, 
one  a  Ragged-school,  to  which  he  had  been  sent, 
"for  it  was  so  confining,"  he  said,  "  and  one  master, 
not  he  as  had  the  raggeds,  leathered  him,"  to  use 
his  own  words,  "  tightly."  He  knew  his  letters 
now,  he  thought,  but  that  was  all,  and  very  few," 
he  said,  gravely,  "  would  have  put  up  with  it  so 
long  as  I  did."  He  subsisted  as  well  as  he 
could  by  selling  matches,  penny  memorandum 
books,  onions,  &c.,  after  he  had  run  away, 
sleeping  under  hedges  in  the  country,  or  in 
lodging-houses  in  town,  and  living  on  a  few 
pence  a  day,  or  "  starving  on  nothink."  He 
was  taken  ill,  and  believed  it  was  of  a  fever, 
at  or  somewhere  about  Portsmouth,  and  when 
he  was  sufficiently  recovered,  and  had  given  the 
best  account  he  could  of  himself,  was  passed  to 
his  parish  in  London.  The  relieving  officer,  he 
said,  would  have  given  him  a  pair  of  shoes  and 
half  a-crown,  and  let  him  "  take  his  chance,  but 
the  doctor  wouldn't  sartify  any  ways."  He 
meant,  I  think,  that  the  medical  officer  found 
him  too  ill  to  be  at  large  on  his  own  account.  He 
discharged  himself,  however,  in  a  few  weeks  from 
this  parish  workhouse,  as  he  was  convalescent. 
"  The  grub  there,  you  see,  sir,"  he  said,  "  was 
stunning  good  when  I  first  went,  but  it  fell 
off."  As  the  probability  is  that  there  was  no 
change  in  the  diet,  it  may  not  be  unfair  to  con- 
clude that  the  regular  meals  of  the  establishment 
were  very  relishable  at  first,  and  that  after- 
wards their  very  regularity  and  their  little  varia- 
tion made  the  recipient  critical. 

"  When  I  left,  sir,"  he  stated,  "  they  guv  me 
2s.  Gd.,  and  a  tidy  shirt,  and  a  pair  of  blucherers, 
and  mended  up  my  togs  for  me  decent.  I  tried  all 
sorts  of  goes  then.  I  went  to  Chalk-farm  and  some 
other  fairs  with  sticks  for  throwing,  and  used  to 
jump  among  them  as  throwing  was  going  on,  and 
to  sing  out,  '  break  my  legs  and  miss  my  pegs.'  I 
got  many  a  knock,  and  when  I  did,  oh  1  there  vas 
such  larfuig  at  the  fun  on  it.  I  sold  garden  sticks 
too,  and  garden  ropes,  and  posts  sometimes  ;  but  it 
was  all  wery  poor  pay.     Sometimes  I  made  IQd., 


250 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


but  not  never  I  think  but  twice  1.*.  a  day  at  it,  and 
ofiener  6rf.,  and  in  bad  weather  there  was  nothink 
to  be  done.  If  I  made  Q>d.  clear,  it  was  \d.  for 
cawfee — for  I  often  went  out  fasting  in  a  morning 
-and  Irf.for  bread  and  butter,  and  1<^  for  pudden 
for  dinner, and  another  1(Z.  perhaps  for  beer — half- 
pint  and  a  farden  out  at  the  public  bar — and  2d. 
for  a  night's  lodging.  I  'vc  had  sometimes  to  leave 
half  my  stock  in  flue  with  a  deputy  for  a  night's 
rest.  O,  I  didn't  much  mind  the  bugs,  so  I  could 
rest ;  and  next  day  had  to  take  my  things  out  if 
I  could,  and  pay  a  he.vter  ha'penny  or  penny,  for 
hintrest,  like.  Yes,  I've  made  18(Z.  a  hevening 
at  a  fair;  but  there's  so  many  a  going  it  there 
that  one  niins  another,  and  wet  weather  ruins  the 
whole  biling,  the  pawiilion,  theaytres  and  all. 
I  never  was  a  hactor,  never ;  but  I  've  thought 
sometimes  I  'd  like  to  try  my  hand  at  it.  I  may 
some  day,  'cause  I'm  tall.  I  was  forced  to  go  to 
the  parish  again,  for  I  got  ill  and  dreadful  weak, 
and  then  they  guv  me  work  on  the  roads.  I  can't 
just  say  how  long  it's  since,  two  or  three  year 
perhaps,  but  I  had  9cZ.  a  day  at  first,  and  reglar 
work,  and  then  tliree  days  and  three  loaves  a 
•week,  and  then  three  days  and  no  loaves.  I 
haven't  been  at  it  worry  lately.  I  've  rayther 
taken  the  summer  out  of  myself,  but  I  must  go 
back  soon,  for  cold  weather  's  a  coming.  Vy,  I 
lived  a  good  deal  on  carrying  trunks  from  the 
busses  to  Euston  Railway  ;  a  good  many  busses 
stops  in  the  New-road,  in  the  middle  of  the 
square.  Some  was  foreigners,  and  they  was  werry 
scaly.  No,  I  never  said  nothink  but  once,  ven  I 
got  two  French  ha'pennies  for  carr3'ing  a  heavy 
old  leather  thing,  like  a  coach  box,  as  seemed  to 
belong  to  a  family  ;  and  then  tlie  railway  bobbies 
made  me  hold  my  tongue.  I  jobbed  about  in 
other  places  too,  but  the  time's  gone  by  now.  0, 
I  had  a  deal  to  put  up  with  last  winter.  What  is 
9f?.  a  day  for  three  days  ?  and  if  poor  men  had 
their  rights,  tiujes  'ud  be  different,  I'd  like  to 
know  where  all  the  monej'  goes.  I  never  counted 
how  many  parish  sweepers  there  was ;  too  many  by 
arf.  I've  a  rights  to  work,  and  it  's  as  little  as  a 
parish  can  do  to  find  it.  I  pay  \s.  a  week  for  half  a 
bed,  and  not  half  enough  bed-clothes ;  but  me  and 
Jack  Smith  sometimes  sleeps  in  our  clothes,  and 
sometimes  spreads  'em  o'  top.  No,  poor  Jack,  he 
hasn't  no  hold  on  a  parish  ;  he's  a  mud-lark  and 
a  gatherer  [bone-grubber].  Do  I  like  the  overseers 
and  the  parish  officers  1  In  course  not,  nobody 
does.  Why  don't  they]  Well,  how  can  they  1 
that 's  just  where  it  is.  Ven  I  haven't  been  at 
sweeping,  I  've  staid  in  bed  as  long  as  I  was  let ; 
but  Mother  IJ. — I  don't  know  no  other  name  she 
has — wouldn't  stind  it  after  ten.  0  no,  it  wern't 
a  common  lodging-house,  a  sort  of  private  lodging- 
house  perhaps,  where  you  took  by  the  week.  If 
I  made  nothink  but  my  ninepences,  I  lived  on 
bread  and  cawfee,  or  bread  and  coker,  and  some- 
times a  red  herring,  and  I've  bought  'em  in  the 
Brill  at  five  and  six  a  penny.  Motiier  B.  charged 
\d.    for    leave    to    toast    'em    on    her    gridiron. 

She  i$  a  scaly  old  .      /  ''ce  oft  spent  all  viy 

money  in  a  tripe  supper  at  niffht,  and  fasted  all 
next  day.     I  used  to  walk  about  and  look  in  at 


the  cook-shop  windows,  and  try  for  a  job  next 
day.  /  '<Z  have  gone  jive  miles  for  anybody  for  a 
2>enn'orih  of  pudden.  No,  I  never  thought  of 
making  away  with  myself;  never.  Nor  I  never 
thought  of  going  for  a  soldier;  it  icouldnt  suit 
me  to  he  tied  so.  What  I  want  is  this  here — 
regular  work  and  no  jaw.  0,  I'm  sometimes  as 
miserable  as  hunger  '11  make  a  parson,  if  ever  he 
felt  it.  Yes,  I  go  to  church  sometimes  when  I  'm 
at  work  for  the  parish,  if  I  'm  at  all  togged.  No 
doubt  I  shall  die  in  the  workus.  You  see 
there's  nobody  in  the  world  cares  for  me.  I  can't 
tell  just  how  I  spend  my  money;  just  as  it  comes 
into  my  head.  No,  I  don't  care  about  drinking; 
it  don't  agree  with  me;  but  there's  some  can  live 
on  it.  I  don't  think  aa  I  shall  ever  marry,  though 
who  knows]'' 

The  third  and  last  system  of  parish  work  is 
where  the  labourer  is  emploj^ed  regularly,  and 
paid  a  fixed  wage,  out  of  the  parochial  fund 
certainly,  but  not  in  the  same  manner  as  the 
paupers  are  paid,  nor  with  any  payment  in 
kind  (as  in  loaves),  but  all  in  money.  The  pay- 
ment in  this  wise  is  usually  Is.  Qd.  a  day,  and,  but 
for  such  employment,  the  poor  so  employed, 
would,  in  most  instances,  apply  for  relief. 

In  one  parish,  where  the  poor  are  regularly 
employed  in  street  sweeping,  and  paid  a  regular 
wage  in  money,  the  whole  scavaging  work  is  done 
by  the  paupers,  as  they  are  usually  termed,  though 
they  are  not  "  on  the  rate."  By  them  the  streets 
are  swept  and  the  houses  dusted,  the  granite 
broken  for  macadamization,  and  the  streets  and 
roads  repaved  or  repaired.  This  is  done  by  about 
50  men,  the  labour  in  the  different  depart- 
ments I  have  specified  being  about  equally  ap- 
portioned as  to  the  number  employed  in  each.  The 
work  is  executed  without  any  direct  intervention 
of  the  parish  officers  employed  in  administering 
relief  to  the  poor,  but  through  the  agency  of  a 
board.  All  the  men,  however,  are  the  poor  of 
the  parish,  and  but  for  this  employment  would  or 
might  claim  relief,  or  demand  admittance  with 
their  families  into  the  workhouse.  The  system, 
therefore,  is  one  of  indirect  pauper  labour. 
Nearly  all  the  men  have  been  unskilled  labourers, 
the  exception  being  now  and  then  a  few  operatives 
in  such  handicrafts  as  were  suffering  from  the 
dearth  of  employment.  Some  of  the  artizans,  I 
was  informed,  would  be  earning  their  9s.  in  the 
stone- yard  one  week,  and  the  next  getting  30s. 
at  their  business.  The  men  thus  labouring  for 
the  parish  are  about  three-fifths  Irishmen,  a  fifth 
Welchmen,  or  rather  more  than  a  fifth,  and  the 
remainder  Englishmen.  There  is  not  a  single 
Scotchman  among  them. 

There  is  no  difference,  in  the  parish  I  allude  to, 
between  the  wages  of  married  and  single  men, 
but  men  with  families  are  usually  preferred 
among  the  applicants  for  such  work.  They  all 
reside  in  their  own  rooms,  or  sometimes  in  lodg- 
ing-houses, but  this  rests  with  themselves. 

I  had  the  following  account  from  a  heavy  and 
healthy-looking  middle-aged  man,  dressed  in  a 
jacket  and  trousers  of  coarse  corduroy.  There  is 
so  little  distinctive  about  it,  however,  that  I  will 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


251 


not  consuine  space  in  presenting  it  in  the  narrative 
form  in  which  I  noted  it  down.  It  may  suffice 
that  tlie  man  seemed  to  have  little  recollection  as 
to  the  past,  and  less  care  as  to  the  future.  His 
life,  from  all  I  could  learn  from  him,  had  been 
spent  in  what  may  be  called  menial  labour,  as 
the  servant,  not  of  an  individual,  but  of  a  parish  ; 
but  there  was  nothing,  he  knew  of,  that  he  had 
to  thank  anybody  for— parish  or  any  one.  They 
wanted  him  and  he  wanted  them.  On  my  asking 
him  if  he  had  never  tried  to  "  better  himself," 
he  said  that  he  had  once  as  a  navvy,  but  a  blow  on 
the  head  and  eye,  from  a  portion  of  rock  shivered 
by  his  pick-axe,  disabled  hira  for  awhile,  and  he 
left  railwTiy  work.  He  went  to  church,  as  was 
expected  of  him,  and  he  and  his  wife  liked  it 
He  had  forgotten  ho w  to  read,  but  never  was  "  a  dab 
at  it,"  and  so  "didn't  know  nothing  aboutthe  litany 
or  the  psalms."  He  couldn't  say  as  he  knew  any  j 
difference  between  the  Church  of  England  and  the 
Roman  Catholic  church-goers,  "  cause  the  one  was 
a  English  and  the  t'  other  a  Irish  religion,"  and  he 
"  wasn't  to  be  expected  to  understand  Irish  religion." 
He  saw  no  necessity  to  put  by  money  (this  he 
said  hesitatingly),  supposing  he  could ;  what  was 
his  parish  for  ]  and  he  would  take  care  he  didn't 
lose  his  settlement.  If  he  'd  ever  had  such  a 
chance  as  some  h.id  he  might  have  saved  money, 
but  he  never  had.  He  had  no  family,  and  his 
wife  earned  about  is.  a  week,  but  not  every  week, 
in  a  wool  warehouse,  and  they  did  middling. 

The  above,  then,  are  the  modes  in  which  paupers, 
or  imminent  paupers,  so  to  speak,  are  employed,  and 
in  one  way  or  other  are  jmid  for  their  labour,  or 
what  is  called  paid,  and  who,  although  parish 
menials,  still  reside  in  their  own  abodes,  with  the 
opportunity,  such  as  it  is,  of  "looking  out"  for 
better  employment. 

As  to  the  moral  qvuilUits  qf  the  ttreet-tweeping 
paupers  I  do  not  know  that  they  differ  from  those 
of  paupers  generally.  All  men  who  feel  them- 
selves sunk  into  compulsory  labour  and  a  degraded 
condition  are  dissatisfied,  and  eager  to  throw  the 
blame  of  their  degradation  from  their  own 
shoulders.  But  it  is  evident  that  these  men  are 
unwilling  workers,  because  their  work  is  deprived 
of  its  just  reward  ;  and  although  I  did  not  hear 
of  any  difficulty  being  experienced  in  getting 
them  to  work,  I  was  assured  by  many  who  knew 
them  well,  that  they  do  not  go  about  it  with  any 
alertness.  Did  any  one  ever  hear  a  pauper 
whistle  or  sing  at  his  street-work  1  I  believe  that 
every  experienced  vestryman  will  agne  to  the 
truth  of  the  statement  that  it  is  very  rarely 
a  confirmed  pauper  rises  from  his  degradation. 
His  thoughts  and  aspirations  seem  bounded 
hj  the  workhouse  and  the  parish.  The  reason 
appeara  to  be  because  the  workhouse  autho- 
rities seek  rather  to  degrade  than  to  elevate 
the  roan,  resorting  to  erery  means  of  shaming  the 
paoper,  until  at  last  he  becomes  so  utterly  callous 
to  the  disgrace  of  pauperism  that  he  does  not 
care  to  alter  bis  position.  The  system,  too, 
adopted  by  the  parish  authorities  of  not  paying 
for  work,  or  paying  less  than  the  ordinary  prices 
of  the  trade,  causes  the  pauper  labourers  to  be 


unwilling  workers;  and  finding  that  industry 
brings  no  reward,  or  less  than  its  fair  reward,  to 
them,  they  get  to  hate  all  work,  and  to  grow  up 
habitual  burdens  on  the  State.  Crabbe,  the  poet, 
who  in  all  questions  of  borough  and  parish  life  is  an 
authority,  makes  his  workhouse  boy,  Dick  Mon- 
day, who  when  a  boy  got  more  kicks  than  half- 
pence, die  Sir  Richard  Monday,  of  Monday-place ; 
but  this  is  a  flight  on  the  wings  of  poetical 
licence ;  certainly  not  impossible,  and  that  is  all 
which  can  be  said  for  its  likelihood. 

The  following  remarks  on  the  payment  of  the 
parish  street-sweepers  are  from  one  of  Mr. 
Cochrane's  publications : — 

"  The  council  considers  it  a  duty  to  the  poor  to 
touch  upon  the  niggardly  manner  in  which  parish 
scavengers  are  generally  paid,  and  the  deplorable 
and  emaciated  condition  which  they  usually  pre- 
sent, with  regard  to  their  clothing  and  personal 
appearance.  One  contractor  pa3'3  16*'.  6d.  per 
week;  2  pay  IQs. ;  12  (including  a  Highway 
Board)  pay  I5s.  each;  1  pays  14s.  6d. ;  2  pay 
14^. ;  and  1  pays  so  low  as  12*.  On  the  other 
hand,  five  parish  boards  of  'guardians  of  the 
poor,'  pay  only  9c<!.  each,  to  their  miserable  mud- 
larks; one  pays  8s.;  another  7s.  5d.;  a  third  7s.; 
a  fourth  compensates  its  labourers — in  :the  British 
metropolis,  where  rent  and  living  are  necessarily 
higher  than  elsewhere — with  5s.  8d.  per  week  ! 
whilst  a  fifth  pays  3  men  155.  each,  12  men  10s. 
each,  and  6  men  7s.  6d.  each,  for  exactly  the 
same  kind  of  work  1  !  !  But  what  renders  this 
mean  torture  of  men  (because  they  happen  to  be 
poor)  absurd  as  well  as  cruel,  are  the  anomalous 
facts,  that  whilst  the  guardians  of  one  parish  pay 
5  men  7s.  each,  the  contractor  for  another  part  of 
the  same  parish,  pays  his  4  men  lis.  each  ; — and 
whilst  the  guardians  of  a  second  parish  pay  only 
5s.  Sd.,  the  Highway  Board  pays  ISs.  to  each  of 
its  labourers,  for  performing  exactly  the  same  work 
in  the  same  district  ! — Mr.  Darke,  scavenging  con- 
tractor of  Paddington,  lately  stated  that  he  never 
had,  and  never  would,  employ  any  man  at  less  than 
16s.  or  18s.  per  week  ; — and  Mr.  Sinnott,  of  Bel- 
videre-road,  Lambeth,  about  three  months  since, 
offered  to  certain  West-End  guardians,  to  take 
40  paupers  out  of  their  own  workhouse  to  cleanse 
their  own  parish,  on  the  street-orderly  system  ; — 
and  to  pay  them  15s.  per  week  each  man* ;  but 
the  economical  guardians  preferred  filth  and  a  full 
workhouse,  to  cleanliness,  Christian  charity,  and 
common  sense  ; — and  so  the  proposal  of  this  con- 
siderate contractor  was  rejected  !  It  is  certainly 
far  from  being  creditable  to  boards  of  gentlemen 
and  wealthy  tradesmen  who  manage  parish  affairs, 
to  pay  little  more  than  one-half  the  wages  that  an 
individual  does,  to  poor  labourers  who  cannot 
choose  their  employment  or  their  masters 

"  The  broken-down  tradesman,  the  journeyman 
deprived  of  his  usual  work  by  panic  or  by  poverty 
of  the  times,  the  ingenious  mechanic,  or  the  un- 
successful artist,  applies  at  the  parish  labour- 
market  for  leave  to  live  by  other  bbour  than  that 

♦  To  the  honourable  conduct  of  the  above-named 
contractors  to  iheir  men,  I  am  >{lad  to  be  able  to  hear  wit- 
ness.   All  the  men  speak  in  the  highest  terms  of  them. 


252 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


which  hitherto  maintained  him  in  comfort 

The  usual  l.inguage  of  such  persons,  even  when 
applying  for  private  alms  or  parochial  relief,  is,  not 
that  they  want  money,  but  '  that  they  have  long 
been  out  of  work  ; '  '  that  their  particular  trade 
has  been  overstocked  with  apprentices,  or  super- 
seded by  machinery;'  or,  'that  their  late  em- 
ployer has  become  bankrupt,  or  has  discharged 
the  majority  of  his  hands  from  the  badness  of  the 
times.'  To  a  man  of  this  class,  the  guardian  of 
the  poor  replies,  '  We  will  test  your  willingness  to 
labour,  by  employing  you  in  the  stone-yard,  or  to 
sweep  the  streets ;  but  the  parish  being  heavily 
burthened  with  rates,  we  cannot  afford  more  than 
7s.  or  8s.  a  week.'  The  poor  creature,  conscious  of 
his  own  helplessness,  accepts  the  miserable  pittance, 
in  order  to  preserve  himself  and  family  from  imme- 
diate starvation 

"  The  council  has  taken  much  pains  to  as- 
certain the  wages,  and  mode  of  expenditure  of 
them,  by  this  uncared-for,  and  almost  pariah, 
class  of  labourers  throughout  the  metropolitan 
parishes  ;  and  it  possesses  undeniable  proofs,  that 
few  possess  any  further  garment  than  the  rags 
upon  their  backs;  some  being  even  without  a 
change  of  linen ;  that  they  never  enter  a  place 
of  worship,  on  account  of  their  want  of  de- 
cent clothing ;  that  their  wives  and  children  are 
starved  and  in  rags,  and  the  latter  without  the 
least  education  ;  that  they  never  by  any  chance 
taste  fresh  animal  food ;  that  one-third  of  their 
hard  earnings  is  paid  for  rent ;  and  that  their  only 
sustenance  (unless  their  wives  happen  to  go  out 
washing  or  charing),  consists  of  bread,  potatoes, 
coarse  tea  without  milk  or  sugar,  a  salt  herring 
two  or  three  times  a  week,  and  a  slice  of  rusty 
bacon  on  Sunday  morning  !  The  meal  called 
dinner  they  never  know;  their  only  refection  being 
breakfast  and  '  tea  :'  beer  they  do  not  taste  from 
year's  end  to  year's  end  ;  and  any  other  luxury,  or 
even  necessary,  is  out  of  the  question. 

"  Of  the  21  scavengers  emploA^ed  by  St.  James's 
parish  in  1850,  no  less  than  16,"  says  Mr.  Coch- 
rane's  report,  "  were  married,  with  from  one  to 
four  children  each.  How  the  poor  creatures  who 
receive  but  7*.  Qd.  a  week  support  their  families,  is 
best  known  to  themselves," 

Let  me  now,  in  conclusion,  endeavour  to  arrive 
at  a  rough  estimate  as  to  the  sum  of  which  the 
pauper  labours  annually  are  mulct  by  the  before- 
mentioned  rates  of  remuneration,  estimating  their 
labour  at  the  market  value  or  amount  paid  by  the 
honourable  contractors,  viz.  IQs.  a  week;  for  if 
private  individuals  can  afford  to  pay  that  wage, 
and  yet  reap  a  profit  out  of  the  transaction,  the 
guardians  of  the  poor  surely  could  and  should  pay 
the  same  prices,  and  not  avail  themselves  of 
starving  men's  necessities  to  reduce  the  wages  of  a 
trade  to  the  very  quick  of  subsistence.  If  it  be  a 
sound  principle  that  the  condition  of  the  pauper 
should  be  rendered  less  desirable  than  that  of  the 
labourer,  assuredly  the  principle  is  equally  sound 
that  the  condition  of  the  labourer  should  be  made 
more  desirable  than  that  of  the  pauper ;  for  if  to 
pamper  the  pauper  be  to  make  indolence  more 
agreeable  than  industry,  certainly  to  grind  down 


the  wages  of  the  labourer  is  to  render  industry 
as  unprofitable  as  indolence.  In  either  case  the 
same  premium  is  proffered  to  pauperism.  As 
yet  the  Poor-Law  Commissioners  have  seen  but 
one  way  of  reducing  the  poor-rates,  viz.,  by  ren- 
dering the  state  of  the  pauper  as  unenviable 
as  possible,  and  they  have  wholly  lost  sight  of 
the  other  mode  of  attaining  the  same  end,  viz., 
by  making  the  state  of  the  labourer  as  desiraUt 
as  possible.  To  institute  a  terrible  poor  law  with- 
out maintaining  an  attractive  form  of  industry,  is 
to  hold  out  a  boon  to  crime.  If  the  wages  of  the 
working  man  are  to  be  reduced  to  bare  subsistence, 
and  the  condition  of  the  pauper  is  to  be  rendered 
worse  than  that  of  the  working  man,  what  atro- 
cities will  not  be  committed  upon  the  poor. 
Elevate  the  condition  of  the  labourer,  and  there 
will  be  no  necessity  to  depress  the  pauper.  Make 
work  more  attractive  by  increasing  the  reward  for 
it,  and  laziness  will  necessarily  become  more  re- 
pulsive. As  it  is,  however,  the  pauper  is  not  only 
kept  at  the  very  lowest  point  of  subsistence,  but 
his  half-starved  labour  is  brought  into  competition 
with  that  of  men  living  in  a  comparative  state  of 
comfort ;  and  the  result,  of  course,  is,  that  in- 
stead of  decreasing  the  number  of  paupers  or 
poor-rates,  we  make  paupers  of  our  labourers, 
and  fill  our  workhouses  by  such  means.  If  a 
scavager's  labour  be  worth  from  125.  to  15s.  per 
week  in  the  market,  what  moral  right  have  the 
giiardians  of  the  2^007'  to  pay  5s.  8d.  for  the  same 
commodity  'i  If  the  paupers  are  set  to  do  work 
Avhich  is  fairly  worth  15s.,  then  to  pay  them  little 
more  than  one-third  of  the  regular  value  is  not 
only  to  make  unwilling  workers  of  the  paupers, 
but  to  drag  down  all  the  better  workmen  to  the 
level  of  the  worst. 

It  may  be  estimated  that  the  outlay  on  pauper 
labour,  as  a  whole,  after  deducting  the  sum  paid 
to  superintendents  and  gangers,  does  not  exceed 
10s.  weekly  per  individual ;  consequently  the 
lowering  of  the  price  of  labour  is  in  this  ratio : 
There  are  now,  in  round  numbers,  450  pauper 
scavagers  in  the  metropolis,  and  the  account 
stands  thus : — 

Yearly. 
450   scavagers,    at    the    regular 
weekly  wages  of  16s.  each    .         .         .  £18,710 

450  pauper  labourers,  10s.  each 
weekly 11,700 

Lov/er  price  of  pauper  work  .         .    £7,020 

Hence  we  see,  that  the  great  scurf  employers 

of  the  scavagers,  after  all,  are  the  guardians  of 

the  poor,  compared  with  whom  the  most  grasping 

contractor  is  a  model  of  liberality. 

That  the  minimum  of  remuneration  paid  by 
the  parishes  has  tended,  and  is  tending  more 
and  more,  to  the  general  depreciation  of  wages 
in  the  scavaging  trade,  there  is  no  doubt.  It 
has  done  so  directly  and  indirectly.  One  man, 
who  had  been  a  last-maker,  told  me  that  he  left 
his  employment  as  a  London  scavager,  for  he  had 
"come  down  to  the  parish,"  and  set  off  at  the 
close  of  the  summer  into  Kent  for  the  harvest  and 
hopping,  for,  when  in  the  country,  he  had  been 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDOX  POOR. 


253 


more  used  to  ngricultural  labour  than  to  last,  clog, 
or  patten  making.  He  considered  that  he  had 
not  been  successful ;  .Jtill  he  returned  to  London  a 
richer  man  by  26.*.  Qd.  Nearly  20s.  of  this  soon 
went  for  shoes  and  necessar}'  clothing,  and  to  pay 
seme  arrears  of  rent,  and  a  chandler's  bill 
he  owed,  after  which  he  could  be  trusted  again 
where  he  was  knoA\'n.  lie  applied  to  the  fore- 
man of  a  contractor,  whom  hf  kuew,  for  work. 
"  Whnt  wage?"  said  the  foreman.  "Fifteen 
shillings  a  week,"  was  the  reply.  "  Why,  Avhat 
did  you  get  from  the  parish  for  sweeping  ?"  "  Nine 
shillings."  **  WcJl,"  said  the  foreman,  "  I  know 
yon  're  a  decent  man,  and  you  were  recommended 
before,  and  so  I  can  give  yon  four  or  five  days  a 
week  at  2«.  Ad.  a  day,  and  no  nonsense  about 
hours;  for  you  know  yours>Jf  I  can  get  50  men 
as  hare  been  parish  v^oriers  at  Is.  9(1.  a  da>j,  and 
jump  at  it,  and  so  you  imtstn't  be  cheeky."  The 
man  closed  with  the  offer,  knowing  that  the  fore- 
man spoke  the  tnith. 

A  contractor  told  me  that  he  could  obtain  "plenty 
of  bands,"  used  to  parish  scavaging  work,  at 
10*.  ^d.  to  12«.  a  week,  whereas  he  paid  16s. 

It  is  evident,  then,  that  the  system  of  pauper 
work  in  scavaging  has  created  an  increasing 
market  for  cheap  and  deteriorated  labour,  a 
market  including  hundreds  of  the  unemployed  at 
other  unskilled  labours;  and  it  is  hardly  to  be 
donbted  that  the  many  who  have  faith  in  the 
doctrine  that  it  is  the  best  policy  to  buy  in  the 
cheapest  and  sell  in  the  dearest  market,  will  avail 
themselves  of  the  low-priced  labour  of  this  pauper- 
Ciustiluted  mart. 

It  is  but  right  to  add,  that  those  parishes  which 
pay  15».  a  week  are  as  worthy  of  commendation 
as  those  which  pay  9s.,  7s.  6d.  and  7*.  per  week, 
and  Is.  id.  and  Is.  l^d.  a  day  are  reprehensible; 
and,  unfortunately,  the  latter  have  a  tendency  to 
regulate  i.ll  the  others. 

Of  thb  Street- Obderlibs. 

Tnrs  constitntes  the  last  of  the  four  varieties  of 
labour  employed  in  the  cleansing  of  the  public 

'.^-  r'"-'  '■ *  London.     I  have  alreadj'  treated 

itiug  manual    labour,    the   stlf- 
.!ie  labour,  and  the  pauper  labour, 
and  now  proceed  to  tlie  cmisideration  of  thu  phi- 
lanthropic l;»bour  of  the  street*. 

In  the  first  place,  let  us   nndersfcind  clearly 

what  is  meant  by  philiintliropic  labour,  and  how 

it  is  distinguished  from  pauper  labour  on  the  one 

hand,  and   self  supporting  labour  on   the  other. 

Sflf-supportiuff  labour  I  take  to  be  that  form  of 

•.  V  !i  !  til! lis  not  less,   and  gcncnilly  some- 

'   is  expended  upon  it.     Pauper 

i;;  ■  'ther  hand,  is  work  to  which  the 

npplicants  for  pnrish  relief  ftre  "  set,"  not  with  a 

view  to  the  profit  to  h*  derived  from  it,  but  partly 

as  a  test  of  ;'  "        d  partly 

as  a  means  :   while 

T.lnlalilKt,  ,.;    ..    ^;..,  ......    ...    , i.lcd    for 

with    the    fame    disregard   of 
,  .;ihc8  pauper  labour,  but  with  a 

g renter  regard  for  the  poor,  and-  as  a  means  of 
alTurding  them  relief  in  a  less  degrading  nutoner 


than  is  done  under  the  present  Foor  Law. 
Pauper  and  philanthropic  labour,  then,  differ 
essentially  from  self-supporting  labour  in  being 
non-j^roji table  modes  of  employment;  that  is  to 
say,  they  yield  so  bare  an  equivalent  for  the 
sum  expended  upon  the  labourers,  thnl  none,  in 
the  ordinary  way  of  trade,  can  be  found  to  pro- 
vide the  means  necessary  for  putting  them  into 
operation  :  while  pauper  labour  differs  from 
philanthropic  labour,  in  the  fact  that  the  funds 
requisite  for  "  setting  the  poor  on  work  "  are  pro- 
vided by  law  as  a  matter  of  social  policy,  whereas, 
in  tlie  case  of  pliilanthropic  labour,  the  funds,  or  a 
part  of  them,  are  supplied  by  voluntary  contribu- 
tions, out  of  a  desire  to  improve  the  labourers' 
condition.  There  an',  then,  two  distinguishing 
features  in  all  philatithropic  labour — the  one  is, 
that  it  yields  no  profit  (if  it  did  it  would  become 
a  matter  of  tr.ulc),  and  the  other,  that  it  is  in- 
stituted and  maiutuined  from  a  wish  to  benefit  the 
labourer. 

The  Street- Orderly  system  forms  part  of  the 
operations  on  behalf  of  the  poor  adoptetl  by  a 
society,  of  which  Mr.  Charles  Cochrane  is  the 
president,  entitled  the  "National  Philanthropic 
Association,"  which  is  said  to  have  for  its  object 
"the  promotion  of  social  and  salutiferons  improve- 
ments, street  cleanliness,  and  the  employment  of 
the  poor,  so  that  able-bodied  men  may  be  pre- 
vented from  burthening  the  parish-rate,  and  pre- 
served independent  of  workhouse,  alms,  and 
den;radation."  Here  a  twofold  object  is  ex- 
pressed :  the  Philanthropic  Association  seeks  not 
only  to  benefit  the  poor  by  giving  them  employ- 
ment, and  "preserving  them  independent  of  work- 
house, alms,  and  degradation,"  but  to  benefit  the 
public  likewise,  by  "promoting  social  and  saluii- 
ferous  improvements  and  street  cleanliness."  I 
shall  deal  with  each  of  these  objects  sepai-atcly; 
but  first  let  me  declare,  so  as  to  remove  all  sus- 
picion of  private  feelings  tending  in  any  way  to 
bias  my  judgment  in  this  most  important  matter, 
that  I  am  an  utter  stranger  to  the  President  and 
Council  of  the  Philanthropic  Association ;  and 
that,  whatever  I  may  have  to  say  on  the  subject 
of  the  street-orderlies,  I  do  simply  in  conformity 
with  my  duty  to  the  public — to  state  truthfully  all 
that  concerns  the  labourers  and  the  poor  of  the 
metropolis. 

Viaccd  economically,  philanthropic  and p)avpei' 
v:ork  may  be  said  to  ie  the  regulators  (if  the 
minimum  rate  of  icages — establishing  the  lowest 
point  to  which  competition  can  possibly  drive 
down  the  remuneration  for  labour ;  for  it  is  evi- 
dent, that  if  the  self-supporting  labourer  cannot 
obtain  greater  comforts  by  the  independent  exer- 
cise of  his  industry  than  the  parish  rates  or  private 
charity  will  afford  him,  he  will  at  once  give  over 
working  for  the  trading  employer,  and  declare  on 
the  funds  raised  by  assessment  or  voluntary  sub- 
scription for  his  support.  Hence,  those  who  wish 
well  to  the  labourer,  and  who  believe  that  cheap- 
ness of  commodities  is  desirable  "  only,"  as  Mr. 
Stewart  Mill  says  (p.  502,  vol.  ii.),  •*  when  the 
cause  of  it  is,  that  their  production  costs  little 
labour,  and  not  when  occasioned  by  that  labour's 


Ko.  XLL 


254 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


being  ill-remunerated;"  and  who  believe,  more- 
over, that  the  labourer  is  to  be  benefited  solely 
by  the  cultivation  of  a  high  standard  of  com- 
fort among  the  people  —  to  such,  I  say,  it 
is  evident,  that  a  poor  law  which  reduces  the 
relief  to  able-bodied  labourers  to  the  smallest 
modicum  of  food  consistent  with  the  con- 
tinuation of  life  must  be  about  the  greatest 
curse  that  can  possibly  come  upon  an  over-popu- 
lated country,  admitting,  as  it  does,  of  the  reduc- 
tion of  wages  to  so  low  a  point  of  mere  brutal  ex- 
istence as  to  induce  that  recklessness  and 
improvidence  among  the  poor  which  is  known  to 
give  80  strong  an  impetus  to  the  increase  of  the 
people.  A  minimized  rate  of  parish  relief  is 
necessarily  a  minimized  rate  of  wages,  and  admits 
of  the  labourers'  pay  being  reduced,  by  pauper 
competition,  to  little  short  of  starvation ;  and 
such,  doubtlessly,  would  have  been  the  case  long 
ago  in  the  scavaging  trade  by  the  employment  of 
parish  labour,  had  not  the  Philanthropic  Associa- 
tion instituted  the  system  of  street-orderlies,  and 
by  the  payment  of  a  higher  rate  of  wages  than 
the  more  grinding  parishes  afforded — by  giving 
the  men  12s.  instead  of  95,  or  even  7s.  a  week — 
prevented  the  remuneration  of  the  regular  hands 
being  dragged  down  to  an  approximation  to  the 
parish  level.  Hence,  rightly  viewed,  philanthropic 
labour — and,  indeed,  pauper  labour  too — comes 
under  the  head  of  a  remedy  for  low  wages,  as 
preventing,  if  properly  regulated,  the  undue  depre- 
ciation of  industry  from  excessive  competition,  and 
it  is  in  this  light  that  I  shall  now  proceed  to  con- 
sider it. 

The  several  plans  that  have  been  propounded 
from  time  to  time,  as  remedies  for  an  insufficient 
rate  of  remuneration  for  work,  are  as  multifarious 
as  the  circumstances  influencing  the  three  requi- 
sites for  production — labour,  capital,  and  land.  I 
will  here  run  over  as  briefly  as  possible — abstaining 
from  the  expression  of  all  opinion  on  the  subject — 
the  various  schemes  which  have  been  proposed 
with  this  object,  so  that  the  reader  may  come  as 
prepared  as  possible  to  the  consideration  of  the 
matter. 

The  remedies  for  low  wages  may  be  arranged 
into  two  distinct  groups,  viz.,  those  which  seek  to 
increase  the  labourer's  rate  of  pay  directly,  and 
those  which  seek  to  do  so  indirectly. 

The  direct  remedies  for  low  wages  that  have 
been  propounded  are  : — 

A.  The  estahlishment  of  a  standard  rate  of  re- 
muneration for  labour.  This  has  been  pro- 
posed to  be  brought  about  by  three  different 
means,  viz. : — 

1.  By  law  or  government  authority;  either 
(a)  fixing  the  minimum  rate  of  wages,  and 
leaving  the  variations  above  that  point  to 
be  adjusted  by  competition  (this,  as  we 
have  seen,  is  the  effect  of  the  poor-law) ; 
or,  {h)  settling  the  rate  of  wages  generally 
by  means  of  local  boards  of  trade  for 
conseils '  de  prud'hommes,  consisting  of 
delegates  from  the  workmen  and  em- 
ployers, to  determine,  by  the  principles  of 
natural  equity,  a  reasonaUe  scale  of  remu- 


neration in  the  several  trades,  their  deci- 
sion being  binding  in  law  on  both  the 
employers  Jind  the  employed, 

2.  By  public  opinion;  this  has  been  generally 
proposed  by  those  who  are  what  Mr. 
Mill  terms  "shy  of  admitting  the  inter- 
ference of  authority  in  contracts  for 
labour,"  fearing  that  if  the  law  intervened 
it  would  do  so  rashly  and  ignorantly,  and 
desiring  to  compass  by  moral  sanction 
what  they  consider  useless  or  dangerous  to 
attempt  to  bring  about  by  legal  means. 
"  Every  employer,"  says  Mr.  Mill,  "'they 
think,  ought  to  give  sufficient  wages,"  and 
if  he  does  not  give  such  wages  willingly, 
he  should  be  compelled  to  do  so  by  public 
opinion. 

3.  By  trade  societies  or  combination  among 
the  workmen  ;  that  is  to  say,  by  the  pay- 
ment of  a  small  sum  per  week  out  of  the 
wages  of  the  workmen,  towards  the  form- 
ation of  a  fund  for  the  support  of  such  of 
their  fellow  operatives  as  may  be  out  of 
employment,  or  refuse  to  work  for  those 
employers  who  seek  to  give  less  than  the 
standard  rate  of  wages  established  by  the 
trade. 

B.  The  prohibition  of  stoppages  or  dediictions 
of  all  kinds  from  the  nominal  wages  of 
workmen.  This  is  principally  the  object  of 
the  Anti-Truck  Society,  which  seeks  to 
obtain  an  Act  of  Parliament,  enjoining  the 
payment  in  full  of  all  wages.  The  stoppages 
or  extortions  from  workmen's  wages  generally 
consist  of : — 

1.  Fines  for  real  or  pretended  misconduct. 
.     2.  Rents  for  tools,  frames,  gas,  and  sometimes 
lodgings. 

3.  Sale  of  trade  appliances  (as  trimmings, 
thread,  &c.)  at  undue  prices. 

4.  Sale  of  food,  drink,  &c.,  at  an  exorbitant 
rate  of  profit. 

5.  Payment  in  public-houses ;  as  the  means 
of  inducing  the  men  to  spend  a  portion  of 
their  earnings  in  drink. 

6.  Deposit  of  money  as  security  before  taking 
out  work ;  so  that  the  capital  of  the  em- 
ployer is  increased  without  payment  of 
interest  to  the  workpeople. 

C.  The  institution  of  ceHain  aids  or  additions 
to  wages;  as — 

1.  Perquisites  or  gratuities  obtained  from  the 
public;  as  with  waiters,  boxkeepers,  coach- 
men, dustmen,  vergers,  and  others. 

2.  Beer  money,  and  other  "  allowances "  to 
workmen. 

3.  Family  work ;  or  the  co-operation  of  the 
wife  and  children  as  a  means  of  increasing 
the  workman's  income. 

4.  Allotments  of  land,  to  be  cultivated  after 
the  regular  day's  labour. 

5.  The  parish  "allowance  system,"  or  relief 
in  aid  of  wages,  as  practised  under  the  old 
Poor  Law. 

D.  The  increase  of  tJie  money  value  of  wages; 
by- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


255 


I 


1.  Cheap  food. 

2.  Cheap  lodgings;  through  building  im- 
proved dwellings  for  the  poor,  and  doing 
away  with  the  profit  of  sub-letting. 

8.  Co-operative  stores;  or  the  "club  system" 
of  obtaining  provisions  at  wholesale  prices. 

4.  The  abolition  of  the  payment  of  wages  on 
Sunday  morning,  or  at  so  late  an  hour  on 
the  Saturday  night  as  to  prevent  the 
labourer  availing  himself  of  the  Saturday's 
market. 

5.  Teetotalism ;  as  causing  the  men  to  spend 
nothing  in  fermented  drinks,  and  so  leaving 
them  more  to  spend  on  food. 

Such  are  the  direct  modes  of  remedying  low 
wages,  viz.,  either  by  preventing  the  price  of 
labour  itself  falling  below  a  certain  standard; 
prohibiting  all  stoppages  from  the  pay  of  the  la- 
bourer; instituting  certain  aids  or  additions  to 
such  pay ;  or  increasing  the  money  value  of  the 
ordinary  wages  by  reducing  the  price  of  provisions. 

The  indirect  modes  of  remedying  low  wages  are 
of  a  fiir  more  complex  character.  They  consist  of, 
first,  the  remedies  propounded  by  political  econo- 
n.ists,  which  are — 

A.  The  decrease  of  the  number  of  labourers; 
for  gaining  this  end  several  plans  have  been 
proposed,  as — 

1.  Checks  against  the  increase  of  the  popula- 
tion, for  which  the  following  are  the  chief 
Malthusian  proposals : — 

a.  Preventive  checks  for  the  hindrance  of 

impregnation. 
J.  Prohibitiou  of  early  marriages  among 

the  poor. 

c.  Increase  of  the  standard  of  comfort,  or 
requirements,  among  the  people;  as  a 
mtans  of  inducing  prudence  and  re- 
straint  of  the  passions. 

d.  Infanticide  ;  as  among  the  Chinese. 

2.  Emigration;  as  a  means  of  draining  off  the 
surplus  labourers. 

8.  Limitation  of  apprentices  in  skilled  trades; 
as  a  means  of  preventing  the  undue  in- 
crease of  particular  occupations.  This, 
however,  is  advocated  not  by  economists, 
but  generally  by  operatives. 

4.  Prevention  of  family  work  ;  or  the  dis- 
couragement of  the  labour  of  the  wives  and 
children  of  operatives.  This,  again,  can- 
not be  said  to  be  an  "economist"  remedy. 

B.  Incrtase  qf  ike  circulating  capital,  or  sum 
set  aside  for  tU  jpaymeni  of  the  labourers. 

1.  By govemment  imposU.  "Governments," 
says  Mr.  Mill,  "can  create  additional  in- 
dustry by  creating  capital.  They  may  lay 
on  Uxes,  and  employ  the  amount  pro- 
ductively." This  was  the  object  of  the 
original  Poor  Law  (43  Eli*.),  which  em- 
powered the  overseers  of  the  poor  to 
"raise  weekly,  or  otherwise,  by  taxation 
of  every  inhabitant,  <Scc.,  such  sums  of 
money  as  they  shall  require  for  providing 
A  sufficient  stock  of  flax,  hemp,  wool,  and 
other  ware  or  stuff,  to  set  the  poor  on  work." 

2.  By  the  issue  of  paper  money.     The  pro- 


position of  Mr.  Jonathan  Duncan  is,  that 
the  government  should  issue  notes  equiva- 
lent to  the  taxation  of  the  country,  with 
the  view  of  affording  increased  employment 
to  the  poor ;  the  people  being  set  to  work 
as  it  were  upon  credit,  in  the  same  manner 
as  the  labourers  were  employed  to  build 
the  market-house  at  Guernsey. 

C.  The  extension,  of  the  markets  of  the  cotmtri/; 
by  the  abolition  of  all  restrictions  on  com- 
merce, and  the  encouragement  of  the  free 
interchange  of  commodities,  so  that,  by  in- 
creasing the  demand  for  our  products,  we 
may  be  able  to  afford  employment  to  an 
extra  number  of  producers. 

The  above  constitute  what,  with  a  few  excep- 
tions, may  be  termed,  more  particularly,  the  "  eco- 
nomist" remedies  for  low  wages, 

D.  The  regulation  of  the  quantity  of  work  done 
by  each  workman,  or  the  prevention  of  the 
undue  economizing  of  labour.  For  this  end, 
several  means  have  been  put  forward. 

1.  The  shortening  the  hours  of  labour,  and 
abolition  of  Sunday-work. 

2.  Alteration  of  the  mode  of  work ;  as  the 
substitution  of  day-work  for  piece-work,  as 
a  means  of  decreasing  the  stimulus  to  over- 
work. 

3.  Extension  of  the  term  of  hiring ;  by  the 
substitution  of  annual  engagements  for 
daily  or  weekly  hirings,  with  a  view  to 
the  prevention  of  "  casual  labour." 

4.  Limitation  of  the  number  of  hands  em- 
ployed by  one  capitalist ;  so  as  to  prevent 
the  undue  extension  of  "  the  large  system 
of  production." 

5.  Taxation  of  machinery ;  with  the  object, 
not  only  of  making  it  contribute  its  quota 
to  the  revenue  of  the  country,  but  of  im- 
peding its  undue  increase. 

6.  The  discountenance  of  every  form  of  work 
that  tends  to  the  making  up  of  a  greater 
quantity  of  materials  with  a  less  quantity 
of  labour;  and  consequently  to  the  expendi- 
ture of  a  greater  proportion  of  the  capital 
of  the  country  on  machinery  or  materials, 
and  a  correspondingly  less  proportion  on 
the  labourers. 

E.  "  Protective  imposts,"  or  high  import  duii-es 
on  such  foreign  commodities  as  can  be  2^'>'o- 
duced  in  this  country;  with  the  view  of  pre- 
venting the  labour  of  the  comparatively 
untaxed  and  unciviliaed  foreigner  being 
brought  into  competition  with  that  of  the 
taxed  and  civilized  producer  at  home. 

F.  "Financial  r^orm,"  or  reduction  of  the 
taxation  of  tloe  country;  as  enabling  the  home 
labourer  the  better  to  compete  with  the 
foreigner. 

The  two  latter  proposals,  and  that  of  the  exten- 
sion of  the  markets,  may  be  said  to  seek  to 
remedy  low  wages  by  expanding  or  circum- 
scribing the  foreign  trade  of  the  country. 

G.  A  different  division  qf  the  ^;roce£c/*  of 
labour.  For  this  object  several  schemes 
have  been  propounded  : — 


256 


lO^^DOS  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


1.  The  "  tribute  sj'stein"  of  wages ;  or  payment 
of  labour  according  to  tlie  additional  value 
which  it  confers  ou  the  materials  ou  which 
it  operates. 

2.  The  abolition  of  the  middleman  ;  whether 
"  sweater,"  "  piece-master,"  "  lumper,"  or 
what  not,  coming  between  the  employer 
and  employed. 

3.  Co-operation  ;  or  joint-stock  associations  of 
labourers,  with  the  view  of  abolishiiig  the 
profit  of  the  capitalist  employer. 

H.  A  different  mode  of  dhtriliding  the  pro- 
ducts of  labour;  with  the  view  of  abolishing 
the  profit  of  the  dealer,  between  the  producer 
and  consumer — as  co-operative  stores,  where 
tlie  consumers  club  together  for  the  purchase 
of  their  goods  directly  of  the  producers. 

I.  A  more  general  and  equal  division  of  the 
-wealth  of  Uie  country :  for  attaining  this  end 
there  are  but  two  known  means  : — 

1.  Communism  ;  or  the  abolition  of  all  rights 
to  individual  property. 

2.  Agapism;    or    the    voluntnr}'    sharing    of 
V-r       individual  possessions  with  the  less  fortu- 

*  nate  or  successful  members  of  the  com- 
munity. 
These  remedies  mav',  with  a  kw  excep- 
tions (such  as  the  tribute  system  of  wages,  and 
the  abolition  of  middlemen),  be  said  to  constitute 
the  socialist  and  communist  schemes  for  the  pre- 
vention of  distress. 

J,  Creating  additional  employment  for  the 
poor;  and  so  removing  the  surplus  labour 
from  the  market.  Two  modes  of  effecting 
this  have  been  proposed  : — 

1.  Home  colonization,  or  the  cultivation  of 
waste  lands  by  the  poor. 

2.  Orderlyism,  or  the  employment  of  the 
poor  in  the  promotion  of  public  cleanliness, 
and  the  increased  sanitary  condition  of  the 
country. 

K.  The  2}^'^'i'ention  of  the  enclosure  of  com- 
mons ;  as  the  means  of  enabling  the  poor  to 
obtain  gratuitous  pasturage  for  their  cattle. 

L.  The  abolition  of  2}i'imoge7iiture ;  with  the 
view  of  dividing  the  land  among  a  greater 
number  of  individuals. 

M.  The  holding  of  the  land  ly  the  State,  and 
equal  apportionment  of  it  among  the  poor. 

N.  Extension  of  the  suffrage  among  the  people; 
and  so  allowing  the  workman,  as  well  as  the 
capitalist  and  the  landlord,  to  take  part  in 
the  formation  of  the  laws  of  the  country. 
For  this  purpose  there  are  two  plans  : — 

1,  "The  freehold-land  movement,"  which 
seeks  to  enable  the  people  to  become  pro- 
prietors of  as  much  land  as  will,  under  the 
present  law,  give  them  "a  voice"  in  the 
country. 

2.  Chartism,  or  that  which  seeks  to  alter  the 
law  concerning  the  election  of  members  of 
Parliament,  and  to  confer  the  right  of 
voting  on  every  male  of  mature  age,  sound 
mind,  and  non-criminal  character. 

0.  Cultivation  of  a  higher  moral  and  Chris- 
tian character  among  tfie  peopile.     This  form 


of  remedy,  which  is  advocated  by  many,  is 
based  on  the  argument,  that,  without  some 
mitigation  of  the  "  selfishness  of  the  times,"  all 
other  schemes  for  improving  the  condition  of 
the   people    will   be   either   evaded   by    the 
cunning   of   the   rich,   or    defeated   by   the 
servility  of  the  poor. 
The  above  I  believe  to  be  a  full  and  fair  state- 
ment of  the  several  plans  that  have  been  proposed, 
from  time  to  time,  for  alleviating  the  distress  of 
the  people.    This  enumeration  is  as  comprehensive 
as  my  knowledge  will  enable  me  to  make  it ;  and  I 
have  abstained  from  all  comment  on  the  several 
schemes,  so  that  the  reader  may  have  an  oppor- 
tunity of  impartially  weighing  the  merits  of  etvch, 
and  adopting  that,  which  in  his  own  mind,  seems 
best  calculated  to  effect  what,  after  all,  we  every 
one  desire — whether  protectionist,  econornist,  free- 
trader,   philanthropist,    socialist,    communist,    or 
chartist — the  good  of  the  country  in  which  we 
live,  and  the  people  by  whom  we  arc  surrounded. 

Now  we  have  to  deal  here  with  that  particular 
remedy  for  low  wages  or  distress  which  consists 
in  creating  additional  employment  for  the  poor, 
and  of  which  the  street-orderly  system  is  an 
example. 

The  increase  of  employment  for  the  poor  was 
the  main  object  of  the  43  Eliz.,  for  which  pur- 
pose, as  we  have  seen,  the  overseers  of  the  several 
parishes  were  empowered  to  raise  a  fund  by 
assessments  upon  the  property  of  the  rich,  for 
providing  "  a  sufficient  stock  of  flax,  hemp,  wool, 
and  other  ware  or  stuff,  to  set  the  poor  on  work." 
But  though  economists,  to  this  day,  tell  us  that 
*'  while,  on  the  one  hand,  industry  is  limited  by 
capital,  so,  on  the  other,  every  increase  of  capital 
gives,  or  is  capable  of  giving,  additional  employ- 
ment to  industry,  and  this  without  assignable 
limit,"*  nevertheless  the  great  difficulty  of  car- 
rying out  the  provisions  of  the  original  poor-law 
has  consisted  in  finding  a  market  for  the  products 
of  pauper  labour,  for  the  frequent  gluts  in  our 
manufactures  are  sufficient  to  teach  us  that  it  is 
one  thing  to  produce  and  another  to  dispose  of 
the  products ;  so  that  to  create  additional  employ- 
ment for  tlie  poor  something  besides  capiUil  is 
requisite  :  it  is  necessary  either  that  they  shall  be 
engaged  in  producing  that  which  they  themselves 
immediately  consume,  or  that  for  which  the 
market  admits  of  being  extended. 

The  two  plans  proposed  for  the  employment  of 
the  poor,  it  will  be  seen,  consist  (1)  in  the  culti- 
vation of  waste  lands ;  (2)  in  promoting  public 
cleanliness,  and  so  increasing  the  sanitary  condition 
of  the  country.  The  first,  it  is  evident,  removes 
the  objection  of  a  market  being  needed  for  the 
products  of  the  labour  of  the  poor,  since  it  pro- 

*  This  is  Mr.  Mills's  ?^onA  fundamental  proposition 
respecting  capital  (see  "  Principles  of  Pol.  Econ."  p.  82, 
vol.  i.).  "  What  1  intend  to  assert  is,"  says  that  gentleman, 
"  that  the  portion  (of  capital)  which  is  destmed  to  the 
maintenance  of  the  labounrs  may— supposiug  no  in- 
crease in  anything  else— be  indefinitely  nicreascd,  with- 
out creating  an  impossibility  of  finding  them  employ- 
ment—in other  words,  if  there  are  human  beings  cap;i- 
ble  of  work,  and  food  to  feed  them,  they  may  always  be 
employed  in  producing  sometliing." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


poses  that  their  enei^ies  should  be  devoted  to  the 
production  of  the  food  which  they  themselves 
cousume ;  while  the  second  seeks  to  create  addi- 
tional employment  iii  elFecting  that  increased 
cleanliness  which  more  enlightened  physiological 
Tiews  have  not  only  made  more  desirable,  but 
taoght  us  to  be  absolutely  necessary  to  the  health 
and  enjoyment  of  the  community. 

The  great  impediment,  however,  to  the  profit- 
able employment  of  the  poor,  has  generally  been 
the  unproductive  or  unavailing  character  of  pauper 
labour.  This  has  been  niainh'  owing  to  the  lact 
that  the  able-bodied  who  are  deprived  of  employ- 
ment are  necessarily  the  lowest  grade  of  opera- 
tives ;  for,  in  the  displacement  of  workmen,  those 
are  the  first  discarded  whose  labour  is  found  to 
be  the  least  efficient,  either  from  a  deficiency  of 
skill,  industry,  or  sobriety,  so  that  pauper  labour 
is  necessarily  of  the  least  productive  character. 

Another  great  difficulty  with  the  employment 
of  the  poor  is,  that  the  idle,  or  those  to  whom 
work  is  more  than  usually  irksome,  require  a 
stronger  inducement  than  ordinary  to  make  them 
labour,  and  the  remuneration  f)r  parish  v/oik 
being  necessarily  less  than  for  any  other,  those 
who  are  pauperized  through  idleness  (the  most 
benevolent  among  us  must  allow  there  are  such) 
are  naturally  less  than  ever  disposed  to  labour 
when  they  become  paupers.  AU  pauper  work, 
therefore,  is  generally  unproductive  or  unavail- 
ing, because  it  is  either  inexpert  or  luiwilling 
work.  The  labour  of  the  in-door  paupers,  who  re- 
ceive only  their  food  for  their  pains,  is  necessarily 
of  the  same  compulsory  character  as  slavery ; 
while  that  of  the  out-door  paupt-rs,  with  the  re- 
muneration often  cut  down  to  the  lowest  subsist' 
ing  point,  is  scarcely  of  a  more  willing  or  more 
availing  kind. 

Owing  to  this  general  unproductiveness,  (as  well 
as  the  difficulty  of  finding  a  field  for  the  profitable 
employment  of  the  unemployed  poor,)  the  labour 
of  paupers  has  been  for  a  long  time  past  directed 
mainly  to  the  cleansing  of  the  public  thorough- 
fares. Still,  from  the  degrading  nature  of  the 
occupation,  and  the  small  remuneration  for  the 
toil,  pauper  labourers  have  been  found  to  be  such 
unwiilin;j  workers  that  many  parishes  have  long 
since  given  over  employing  their  poor  even  in 
this  capacity,  preferring  to  entrust  the  work  to  a 
contractor,  with  his  paid  self-supporting  operatives, 
instead. 

The  founder  of  the  Philanthropic  Association 
&pf>e«ct  to  have  been  fully  aware  of  the  two  great 
difficnltiM  besetting  the  profitable  employment  of 
the  poor,  tiz.,  (1)  finding  a  field  for  the  exercise 
of  their  labours  where  tliey  niijjht  be  "set  on  work" 
with  benefit  to  the  community,  and  without  in- 
jury to  the  independent  operatives  already  en- 
gnged  in  the  same  occupation;  and  (2)  overcoming 
the  unwillingness,  and  consequently  the  unav.iil- 
ingness,  of  pauper  Libour. 

The  first  difficulty  Mr.  Cochrane  has  endea- 
voured to  obviate  by  taking  advantage  of  that 
growing  desire  for  greater  public  cleanliness  which 
h.as  sriscn  from  the  increased  knowledge  of  the 
principles  governing  the  health  of  towns;  and  the 


second,  by  giving  the  m^  n  125.  instead  of  9^.  or 
7s.  a  week,  or  worse  than  all.  Is.  lid.  and  a 
quartern  loaf  a  day  for  three  days  in  the  week, 
and  80  not  only  augmenting  the  stimulus  to 
work  (for  it  should  be  remembered  that  wages 
are  to  the  human  machine  what  the  fire  is  to 
the  steam-engine),  but  preventing  the  undue 
depreciation  of  the  labour  of  the  independent 
workman.  He  who  discovers  the  means  of  increas- 
ing the  rewards  of  labour,  is  as  great  a  friend 
to  his  race  as  he  who  strives  to  depreciate 
them  is  the  public  enemy;  and  I  do  not  hesi- 
tate to  confess,  that  I  look  upon  Jlr.  Charles 
Cochrane  as  one  of  the  illustrious  few  who,  in 
these  d:iys  of  unremunerated  toil,  and  their  neces- 
sary concomitants — beggars  and  thieves,  has  come 
forward  to  help  the  labourers  of  this  country 
from  their  daily-increasing  degradation.  His 
benevolence  is  of  that  enlightened  order  which 
seeks  to  extend  rather  than  destroy  the  self-trust 
of  the  poor,  not  only  by  creating  additional  em- 
ployment for  them,  but  by  rendering  that  employ- 
ment less  repulsive. 

The  means  by  which  Mr.  Cochrane  has  endea- 
voured to  gain  these  ends  constitutes  the  system 
called  Street-Orderlyisni,  which  therefore  admits  of 
being  viewed  in  two  distinct  aspects — first,  as  a 
new  mode  of  improving  "  the  health  of  towns," 
and,  secondly,  as  an  improved  method  of  employ- 
ing the  poor. 

Concerning  the  first,  I  must  confess  tkit  the 
system  of  scavagiiig  or  cleansing  the  public 
thoroughfares  pursued  by  the  street-orderlies 
assumes,  when  contemplated  in  a  sanitary  point 
of  view,  all  the  importance  and  simplicity  of  a 
great  discovery.  It  has  been  before  pointed  out 
that  this  system  consists  not  only  iu  demising 
the  streets,  but  in  keejnng  them  clean.  By  the 
street-orderly  method  of  scavaging,  the  thorough- 
fares are  continually  being  cleansed,  and  so  never 
allowed  to  become  dirty ;  whereas,  by  the  ordi- 
nary method,  they  are  not  cleansed  tintil  they  are 
dirty.  Hence  the  two  modes  of  scavaging  are 
diametrically  opposed ;  under  the  one  the  streets 
are  cleansed  as  fast  as  dirtied,  while  luider  the 
other  they  are  dirtied  as  fast  as  cleansed ;  so  that 
by  the  new  system  of  scavaging  the  public  tho- 
roughfares are  mainUiined  in  a  perpetual  state  of 
cleanliness,  whereas  by  the  old  they  may  be  said 
to  be  kept  in  a  continual  state  of  dirt. 

The  street-orderly  system  of  scavaging,  however, 
is  not  only  worthy  of  high  commendation  as  a  more 
efficient  means  of  gaining  a  particular  end — a 
simplification  of  a  certain  proeess — but  it  calls  for 
our  highest  praise  as  well  for  the  end  gained  as 
for  the  means  of  gaining  it.  If  it  be  really  a 
sound  physiological  principle,  that  the  Creator  has 
made  dirt  offensive  to  every  rightly-constituted 
mind,  because  it  is  injurious  to  us,  and  so  esta- 
blished in  us  an  instinct,  before  we  could  discover 
a  reason,  for  removing  all  refuse  from  our  presence, 
it  becomes,  now  that  we  have  detected  the  cause 
of  the  feeling  in  m,  at  once  disgusting  and  irra- 
tional to  allow  the  filth  to  accumulate  in  our 
streets  in  front  of  our  houses.  If  typhus,  cholera, 
and  other  pestilences  are  but  divine  punishments 


253 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


inflicted  on  us  for  the  infraction  of  that  most 
kindly  law  by  which  the  health  of  a  people  has 
been  made  to  depend  on  that  which  is  naturally 
agreeable — cleanliness,  then  our  instinct  for  self- 
preservation  should  force  us,  even  if  our  sense  of 
enjoyment  would  not  lead  us,  to  remove  as  fast  as 
it  is  formed  what  is  at  once  as  dangerous  as  it 
should  be  repulsive  to  our  natures.  Sanitarily 
regarded,  the  cleansing  of  a  town  is  one  of  the 
most  important  objects  that  can  engage  the  atten- 
tion of  its  governors ;  the  removal  of  its  refuse 
being  quite  as  necessary  for  the  continuance  of 
the  existence  of  a  people  as  the  supply  of  their 
food.  In  the  economy  of  Nature  there  is  no  loss  : 
this  the  great  doctrine  of  waste  and  supply  has 
taught  us ;  the  detritus  of  one  rock  is  the  con- 
glomerate of  another;  the  evaporation  of  the 
ocean  is  the  source  of  the  river;  the  poisonous 
exhalations  of  animals  the  vital  air  of  plants  ;  and 
the  refuse  of  man  and  beasts  the  food  of  their 
food.  The  dust  and  cinders  from  our  fires,  the 
"slops"  from  the  washing  of  our  houses,  the  excre- 
tions of  our  bodies,  the  detritus  and  "  surface- 
water"  of  our  streets,  have  all  their  offices  to 
perform  in  the  great  scheme  of  creation ;  and  if 
left  to  rot  and  fust  about  us  not  only  injure  our 
health,  but  diminish  the  supplies  of  our  food.  The 
filth  of  the  thoroughfares  of  the  metropolis  forms, 
it  would  appear,  the  staple  manure  of  the  market- 
gardens  in  the  suburbs ;  out  of  the  London  mud 
come  the  London  cabbages  :  so  that  an  improve- 
ment in  the  scavaging  of  the  metropolis  tends  not 
only  to  give  the  people  improved  health,  but  im- 
proved vegetables  ;  for  that  which  is  nothing  but 
a  pestiferous  muck-heap  in  the  town  becomes  a 
vivifying  garden  translated  to  the  country. 

Dirt,  however,  is  not  only  as  prejudicial  to  our 
health  and  offensive  to  our  senses,  when  allowed  to 
accumulate  in  our  streets,  as  it  is  beneficial  to  us 
when  removed  to  our  gardens, — but  it  is  a  most 
expensive  commodity  to  keep  in  front  of  our 
houses.  It  has  been  shown,  that  the  cost  to  the 
people  of  London,  in  the  matter  of  extra  washing 
induced  by  defective  scavaging,  is  at  the  least 
1,000,000^.  sterling  per  annum  (the  Board  of 
Health  estimate  it  at  2,500,000^.) ;  and  the  loss 
from  extra  wear  and  tear  of  clothes  from  brushing 
and  scrubbing,  arising  from  the  like  cause,  is  about 
the  same  prodigious  sum;  while  the  injury  done 
to  the  furniture  of  private  houses,  and  the  goods 
exposed  for  sale  in  shops,  though  impossible  to  be 
estimated — appears  to  be  something  enormous  :  so 
that  the  loss  from  the  defective  scavaging  of  the 
metropolis  seems,  at  the  lowest  calculation,  to 
amount  to  several  millions  per  annum ;  and  hence 
it  becomes  of  the  highest  possible  importance, 
economically  as  well  as  physiologically,  that  the 
streets  should  be  cleansed  in  the  most  effective 
manner. 

Now,  that  the  street-orderly  system  is  the  only 
rational  and  efficacious  mode  of  street  cleansing 
both  theory  and  practice  assure  us.  To  allow  the 
filth  to  accumulate  in  the  streets  before  any  steps 
are  taken  to  remove  it,  is  the  same  as  if  we  were 
never  to  wash  our  bodies  until  they  were  dirty — 
it  is  to  be  perpetually  striving  to  cure  the  disease. 


when  with  scarcely  any  more  trouble  we  might 
prevent  it  entirely.  There  is,  indeed,  the  same 
difference  between  the  new  and  the  old  system  of 
scavaging,  as  there  is  between  a  bad  and  a  good 
housewife  :  the  one  never  cleaning  her  house  until 
it  is  dirty,  and  the  other  continually  cleaning  it, 
80  as  to  prevent  it  being  ever  dirty. 

Hence  it  would  appear,  that  the  street-orderly 
system  of  scavaging  would  be  a  great  public 
benefit,  even  were  there  no  other  object  connected 
with  it  than  the  increased  cleanliness  of  our 
streets;  but  in  a  country  like  Great  Britain, 
afflicted  as  it  is  with  a  surplus  population  (no 
matter  from  what  cause),  that  each  day  finds  the 
difficulty  of  obtaining  work  growing  greater,  the 
opening  up  of  new  fields  of  employment  for  the 
poor  is  perhaps  the  greatest  benefit  that  can  be 
conferred  upon  the  nation.  "Without  the  dis- 
covery of  such  new  fields,  "  the  setting  the  poor 
on  work"  is  merely,  as  I  have  said,  to  throw  out 
of  employment  those  who  are  already  employed ; 
it  is  not  to  decrease,  but  really  to  increase,  the 
evil  of  the  times — to  add  to,  rather  than  diminish, 
the  number  of  our  paupers  or  our  thi«ves.  The 
increase  of  employment  in  a  nation,  however,  re- 
quires, not  only  a  corresponding  increase  of 
capital,  but  a  like  increase  in  the  demand  or 
desire,  as  well  as  in  the  pecuniary  means,  of  the 
people  to  avail  themselves  of  the  work  on  which 
the  poor  are  set  (that  is  to  say,  in  the  extension  of 
the  home  market) ;  it  requires,  also,  some  mode  of 
stimulating  the  energies  of  the  workers,  so  as  to 
make  them  labour  more  willingly,  and  consequently 
more  availingly,  than  usual.  These  conditions 
appear  to  have  been  fulfilled  by  Mr.  Cochrane,  in 
the  establishment  of  the  street-orderlies.  He  has 
introduced,  in  connection  with  this  body,  a  system 
of  scavaging  which,  while  it  employs  a  greater 
number  of  hands,  produces  such  additional  bene- 
fits as  cannot  but  be  considered  an  equivalent  for 
the  increased  expenditure;  though  it  is  even 
doubtful  whether,  by  the  collection  of  the  street 
manure  unmixed  with  the  mud,  the  extra 
value  of  that  article  alone  will  not  go  far  to  com- 
pensate for  the  additional  expense;  if,  however, 
there  be  added  to  this  the  saving  to  the  metropolitan 
parishes  in  the  cost  of  watering  the  streets — for 
under  the  street-orderly  system  this  is  not  re- 
quired, the  dust  never  being  allowed  to  accumu- 
late, and  consequently  never  requiring  to  be  "  laid  " 
— as  well  as  the  greater  saving  of  converting  the 
paupers  into  self-supporting  labourers ;  together 
with  the  diminished  expense  of  washing  and 
doctors'  bills,  consequent  on  the  increased  cleanli- 
ness of  the  streets — there  cannot  be  the  least  doubt 
that  the  employment  of  the  poor  as  street- 
orderlies  is  no  longer  a  matter  of  philanthropy, 
but  of  mere  commercial  prudence. 

Such  appear  to  me  to  be  the  principal  objects 
of  Mr.  Cochrane's  street-orderly  system  of  scavag- 
ing ;  and  it  is  a  subject  upon  which  I  have  spoken 
the  more  freely,  because,  being  unacquainted  with 
that  gentleman,  none  can  suspect  me  of  being  pre- 
judiced in  his  favour,  and  because  I  have  felt  that 
the  good  which  he  has  done  and  is  likely  to  do 
to  the  poor,  has  been  comparatively  unacknow- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


259 


ledged  by  the  public,  and  that  society  and  the 
people  owe  him  a  heavy  debt  of  gratitude  *. 

I  shall  now  proceed  to  set  forth  the  character  of 
the  labour,  and  the  condition  and  remuneration  of 
the  labourers  in  connection  with  the  street-orderly 
system  of  scavaging  the  metropolitan  thoroughfares. 
The  first  appearance  of  the  street-orderlies  in 
the  metropolis  was  in  1843.  Mr.  Charles  Cochrane, 
who  had  previously  formed  the  National  Phi- 
lanthropic Association,  with  its  eleemosynary  soup- 
kitchens,  &c.,  then  introduced  the  system  of  street- 
orderlies,  as  one  enabling  many  destitute  men  to 
support  themselves  by  their  labour ;  as  well  as, 
in  his  estimation,  a  better,  and  eventually  a  more 
economical,  mode  of  street-cleansing,  and  partaking 
also  somewhat  of  the  character  of  a  street  police. 

The  first  "demonstration,"  or  display  of  the 
street-orderly  system,  took  place  in  Regent-street, 
between  the  Quadrant  and  the  Regent-circus,  and 
in  Oxford-street,  between  Vere-street  and  Charles- 
street.  The  streets  were  thoroughly  swept  in 
the  morning,  and  then  each  man  or  boy,  provided 
with  a  hand-broom  and  dust-pan,  removed  any  dirt 
as  soon  as  it  was  deposited.  The  demonstration 
was  pronounced  highly  successful  and  the  system 
effective,  in  the  opinion  of  eighteen  influential 
inhabitants  of  the  locality  who  acted  as  a  com- 
mittee, and  who  publicly,  and  with  the  authority 
of  their  names,  testified  their  conviction  that  "  the 
most  efficient  means  of  keeping  streets  clean,  and 
more  especially  great  thoroughfares,  was  to  pre- 
vent the  accumulation  of  dirt,  by  remo\-ing  the 
manure  within  a  few  minutes  after  it  has  been 
deposited  by  the  passing  cattle ;  the  same  having, 
hitherto,  remained  during  several  days." 

The  cost  of  this  demonstration  amounted  to 
about  400/.,  of  which,  the  Report  states,  "  200/. 
still  remains  due  from  the  shop-keepers  to  the 
Association ;  which,"  it  is  delicately  added,  "  from 
late  commercial  difficulties  they  have  not  yet 
repaid"  (in  1850). 

Whilst  the  street-orderlies  were  engaged  in  cleans- 
ing Regent- street,  &c.,  the  City  Commissioners  of 
the  sewers  of  London  were  invited  to  depute  some 
person  to  observe  and  report  to  them  concerning 
the  method  pursued;  but  with  that  instinctive  sort 
of  repugnance  which  seems  to  animate  the  great 
bulk  of  city  officials  against  improvement  of  any 
kind,  the  reply  was,  that  they  "  did  not  consider 
the  same  worthy  their  attention."  The  matter, 
however,  was  not  allowed  to  drop,  and  by  the 
persevering  efforts  of  Mr.  Cochrane,  the  president, 
and  of  the  body  of  gentlemen  who  form  the  Council 
of  the  Association,  Cheapside,Comhill,  and  the  most 
important  parts  of  the  very  heart  of  the  city  were  at 
length  cleansed  according  to  the  new  method.  The 
!  ratepayers  then  showed  that  they,  at  least,  did 
\  consider  "  the  same  worthy  of  attention,"  for  8000 
out  of  12,000  within  a  few  days  signed  memorials 
recommending  the  adoption  of  what  they  pro- 
,  nounced  an  improvement,  and  a  public  meeting 
{     was  held  in  Quildhall  (May  4,  1846),  at  which 

•  ^-  Cochrane  U  said,  in  the  Reports  of  the  National 
: r>pie  Aasoeiation,  to  have  expended  no  leM  than 
'>ts  fortune  in  the  institution  of  the  Street- 
.    yttemof  scavagin;^. 


resolutions  in  favour  of  the  street-orderly  method 
were  passed.  The  authorities  did  not  adopt  these 
recommendations,  but  they  ventured  so  far  to  depart 
from  their  venerable  routine  as  to  order  the 
streets  to  be  "  swept  every  day  ! "  This  employed 
upwards  of  300  men,  whereas  at  the  period  when 
the  sages  of  the  city  sewers  did  not  consider  any 
proposed  improvement  in  scavagery  worthy  their 
attention,  the  number  of  men  en)ployed  by  them 
in  cleansing  the  streets  did  not  exceed  30. 

The  street-orderly  system  was  afterwards  tried 
in  the  parishes  of  St.  Paul,  Covent-garden,  St. 
James  (Westminster),  St.  Martin-in-the-Fields, 
St.  Anne,  Soho,and  others — sometimes  calling  forth 
opposition,  of  course  from  the  authorities  con- 
nected with  the  established  modes  of  paving, 
scavaging,  &c. 

It  is  not  my  intention  to  write  a  complete  his- 
tory of  the  street-orderlies,  but  merely  to  sketch 
their  progress,  as  well  as  describe  their  peculiar 
characteristics. 

Within  these  few  months  public  meetings 
have  been  held  in  almost  every  one  of  the  20 
wards  of  the  City,  at  which  approving  resolutions 
were  either  passed  unanimously  or  carried  by  large 
majorities  ;  and  the  street-orderly  system  is  now 
about  to  be  introduced  into  St.  Alartin's  parish 
instead  of  the  street-sweeping  machine. 

As  far  as  the  street-orderly  system  has  been 
tried,  and  judging  only  by  the  testimony  of  public 
examination  and  public  record  of  opinion,  the  trial 
has  certainly  been  a  success,  A  memorial  to  the 
Court  of  Sewers,  from  the  ward  of  Broad-street, 
supported  by  the  leading  merchants  of  that  locality, 
in  recommendation  of  the  employment  of  street- 
orderlies,  seems  to  bear  more  closely  on  the  subject 
than  any  I  have  yet  seen. 

"Your  memorialists,"  they  state,  "have  ob- 
served that  those  public  thoroughfares  within  the 
city  of  London  which  are  now  cleansed  by  street- 
orderlies,  are  so  remarkably  clean  as  to  be  almost 
free  from  mud  in  wet,  and  dust  in  dry  weather — 
that  such  extreme  cleanliness  is  qf  great  comfort  to 
the  puhiic,  and  tends  to  improve  the  sanitary  con- 
dition of  the  ward." 

But  it  is  not  only  in  the  metropolis  that  the 
street-orderlies  seem  likely  to  become  the  esta- 
blished scavagers.  The  streets  of  Windsor,  I  am 
informed,  are  now  in  the  course  of  being  cleansed 
upon  the  orderly  plan.  In  Amsterdam,  there  are 
at  present  16  orderlies  regularly  employed  upon 
scavaging  a  portion  of  the  city,  and  in  Paris  and 
Belgium,  I  am  assured,  arrangements  are  being 
made  for  the  introduction  of  the  system  into  both 
those  cities.  Were  the  street-orderly  mode  of 
scavaging  to  become  general  throughout  this 
country,  it  is  estimated  that  employment  would  bo 
given  to  100,000  labourers,  so  that,  with  the 
families  of  these  men,  not  less  than  half  a  million 
of  people  would  be  supported  in  a  state  of  inde- 
pendence by  it.  The  total  number  of  adult  able- 
bodied  paupers  relieved — in-door  and  out-door — 
throughout  England  and  Wales,  on  January  1, 
1850,  was  154,625. 

The  following  table  shows  the  route  of  the  street- 
orderly  operations  in  the  metropolis.     A  further 


260 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


column,  in  the  Report  from  •which  the  table  has  been 
extracted,  contained  the  names  of  thirteen  clergy- 
men who  have  *''  weekly  read  prayers  and  delivered 


discourses  to  the  street-orderlies  at  their  respec- 
tive stations,  and  recorded  flattering  testimonials  of 
their  conduct  and  demeanour." 


EMPLOYMENT    OF    STREET-ORDERLIES. 


No.   of 

Wives  and 

Money 
expended. 

Localities  Cleansed. 

Street- 

Chihiren 

Orderlies. 

tWpendent. 

£      s.    d. 

1S43-4 

Oxford  and  Regent  Streets         .... 

50 

256 

560     0     0 

1845. 

Strand     , 

8 

— 

33     0     0 

1845-6. 

Cheapside,  Cornhill,  &c.,  City  of  London    . 

100 

363 

1540     2     0 

1846-7. 

St.  Margaret's  and  St.  John's,  Westminster 

15 

65 

306     0     0 

1847. 

Piccadilly,  St.  James's,  &c 

8 

32 

115     0     0 

1848. 

Strand 

8 

31 

35     0     0 

1848. 

St.  Martin's  Lane,  &c 

38 

138 

153     0     0 

1848. 

Piccadillv,  St.  James's,  &c 

48 

108 

341     3     0 

1848-9. 

St.  Paul's,  Covent  Garden          .... 

13 

38 

38  10     0 

1849. 

Eegent  Street,  Whitehall,  &c 

18 

68 

98    0     0 

1849. 

St.  Giles's  and  St.  George's,  Bloomsbury     . 

14 

71 

68     1     0 

1849. 

St.  Pancras,  New  Road,  &c 

16 

46 

177    6    0 

1849. 

St.  Andrew's  and  St.  George's,  Holborn.     . 

23 

S3 

63    4     9 

1849. 

Lambeth  Parish        ...... 

16 

41 

84  16     0 

1851. 

St.  Martin's-in-the-Fields 

68 

179 

119     3    4 

1851. 

City  of   London,    Central   Districts    (per   week. 

during  6  weeks  last  past)       .... 

103 

378 

55     0     0 

Total          .... 

546 

1897 

3782     6     1 

The  period  of  nine  years  comprised  in  the  above 
statement  (1843  and  1851  being  both  included) 
gives  a  yearlj'  average,  as  to  the  number  of  the 
poor  employed,  exceeding  60,  with  a  similar  average 
of  210  wives  and  children,  and  a  yearly  average 
outlay  of  420^.  The  number  of  orderlies  now 
employed  by  the  Association  is  from  80  to  90, 

Such,  then,  is  a  brief  account  of  the  rise  and 
progress  of  this  new  mode  of  street-sweeping,  and 
we  now  come  to  a  description  of  the  work  itself. 

"  The  orderlies,"  says  the  Report  of  the  Asso- 
ciation, "  keep  the  streets  free  from  mud  in 
■winter,  and  dust  in  summer ;  and  that  with  the 
least  possible  personal  drudgery  : — adhering  to  the 
principle  of  operation  laid  down,  viz.,  that  of 
'  Cleansing  and  keeping  Clean,'  they  have  merely, 
after  each  morning's  sweeping  and  removal  of  dirt, 
to  keep  a  vigilant  look-out  over  the  surface  of  street 
allotted  to  tliem ;  and  to  remove  with  the  hand- 
brush  and  dust-pan,  from  any  particular  spot, 
whatever  dirt  or  rubbish  may  fall  upon  it,  at  the 
mojnerd  of  its  dej)oslt.  Thus  are  the  streets  under 
their  care  kept  constantly  clean. 

"  But  sweeping  and  removing  dirt,"  con- 
tinues the  Report,  "  is  not  the  only  occupation 
of  the  street-orderly,  whilst  keeping  up  a  careful 
inspection  of  the  ground  allotted  to  him.  lie 
is  also  the  v/atchman  of  house-property  and 
shop-goods ;  the  guardian  of  reticules,  pocket- 
books,  purses,  and  watch-pockets;  —  the  expe- 
rienced observer  and  detector  of  pickpockets ; 
the  ever  ready,  though  unpaid,  auxiliary  to  the 
police  constable.  Nay,  more ; — he  is  always  at 
hand,  to  render  tissistauce  to  both  equestrian  and 


pedestrian  :  if  a  horse  slip,  stumble,  or  fall, — if 
a  carriage  break  down,  or  vehicles  come  into  col- 
lision,— the  street-orderly  darts  forward  to  raise 
and  rectify  them  :  if  foot-passengers  be  run  over, 
or  knocked  down,  or  incautiously  loiter  on  a  cross- 
ing, the  street-orderly  rescues  them  from  peril  or 
death ;  or  warns  them  of  the  approaching  danger 
of  carriages  driving  in  opposite  directio)is  :  if  other 
accidents  befall  pedestrians, —  if  they  fall  on  the 
pavement,  from  sudden  illness,  faintness,  or  apo- 
plexy, the  street-orderly  is  at  hand  to  render 
assistance,  or  convey  them  to  the  nearest  surgery 
or  hospital.  If  strangers  are  at  fault  as  to  the 
localities  of  London,  or  the  place  of  their  destina- 
tion, the  orderly,  in  a  civil  and  respectful  manner, 
directs  them  on  their  way.  If  habitual  or  pro- 
fessional mendicants  are  importunate  or  trouble- 
some, the  street-orderly  warns  them  off;  or  hands 
them  to  the  care  of  the  policeman.  And  if  a 
really  poor  or  starving  fellow-creature  wanders  in 
search  of  food  or  alms,  he  leads  him  to  a  work- 
house or  soup-kitchen*. 

"Should  the  system  become  general  {of  which 
there  is  note  every  good  jorospect),  it  will  be  the 

*  A  street-orderly  in  St.  Martin's-lane  recovered  a 
piece  of  broad-cloth  from  a  man  who  had  just  stolen  it 
from  a  warehouse  ;  others  in  Drury-lane  detected  several 
thefts  from  provision-shops.  Two  orderlies  in  H<;lborn 
saved  the  lives  of  the  guard  and  driver  of  one  of  Her 
Majesty's  mail-carts,  tne  horse  having  become  un- 
manageable in  consequence  of  the  shafts  bein/,' broken. 
In  St.  Mary's  Church,  Lambeth,  a  gentleman  having; 
falkn  down  in  apoplexy,  the  orderlies  who  were  attend- 
ing Divine  service,  carried  him  out  into  the  air,  and 
l)romptlv  procured  him  medical  aid,  but  unhappily  life 
wa«  cxti'iict.  Many  instances  have  occurred,  however, 
in  which  they  have  rendered  essential  service  to  the  pub- 
lic and  to  individuals. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


261 


(>f  raenmg  no  less  than  tek  thousand 
PBIUOHS  and  their  families  from  destitution  and 
distress  (in  London  alone) ; — from  the  forlorn 
and  wretched  condition  which  tempts  to  crimi- 
nality and  outrage,  to  that  of  comfort,  independ- 
ence, and  happiness — produced  by  their  own  in- 
dustry, aided  by  the  kind  consideration  of  those 
who  are  more  the  favourites  of  fortune  than 
themselves. 

*•  In  conclusion  it  may  be  stated,  that  the 
atreet-orderly  system  will  keep  the  streets  and 
pavements  of  London  and  Westminster  as  clean 
as  the  court-yard  and  hall  of  any  gentleman's 
private  dwelling :  it  will  not  only  secure  the 
general  comfort  and  health  of  upwards  of  two 
milliong  of  people,  but  save  a  vast  annual  amount 
to  shopkeepers,  housekeepers,  and  otliers,  with 
regard  to  the  spoiling  of  their  goods  by  dust  and 
dirt;  in  the  wear  and  tear  of  clothes  and  furni- 
ture, by  an  eternal  roiuid  of  brushing,  dusting, 
scouring,  and  scrubbing." 

The  foregoing  extract  fully  indicates  the  system 
pursued  and  results  of  strcet-orderlyism.  I  will 
now  deal  with  what  may  be  considered  the  lalozir 
or  trade  part  of  Vie  question. 

By  the  street-orderly  plan  a  district  is  duly 
apportioned.  To  one  man  is  assigned  the  care  of 
a  series  of  courts,  a  street,  or  500,  1000,  1200, 
1500,  or  2000  yards  of  a  public  way,  according 
to  its  traffic,  after  the  whole  surface  has  been 
swept  "the  first  thing  in  the  morning."  In 
Oxford-street,  for  instance,  it  has  been  estimated 
thn-  '"'^  --Is  can  be  kept  clear  of  the  dirt  con- 
ti:  :   deposited   by  one   man;    in  the 

8'.  ;  ••  there  is  no  great  traffic,  2000  yards ; 

while  ill  so  busy  a  part  as  Cheapside,  some  nine 
men  will  be  required  to  be  hourly  on  the  look-out. 
These  street-orderlies  are  confined  to  their  beats  as 
strictly  as  are  policeman,  and  as  they  soon  become 
known  to  the  inhabitants,  it  is  a  means  of  check- 
ing any  disposition  to  loiter,  or  to  shirk  the  work; 
to  say  nothing  of  the  corps  of  inspectors  and  super- 
intendents. 

The  division  of  labour  among  the  street-order- 
lies is  as  follows : — 

1.  The  foreman,  whose  duty  is  to  "look  over 
the  men"  (one  such  over-looker  being  employed  to 
about  every  20  men),  and  who  receives  155.  per  week. 

2.  The  barrow-men,  or  sweepers,  consisting  of 
men  and  boys;  the  former  receiving  12*.  and  the 
latter  generally  7s.  per  week. 

The  tools  and  implements  used,  and  their  cost, 
are  as  follows : — wooden  scoops,  to  throw  up  the 
slop,  Is.  2d.  each  (they  used  to  be  made  of  iron, 
w^ghing  8  lbs.  each,  but  the  men  then  complained 
that  the  weight  "  broke  their  arms ") ;  shovel, 
2«.  8A;  hoe  and  scraper.  Is.  Zd.;  hand  broom, 
8</. ;  acarager's  broom,  U.  id.;  barrow,  I2t.; 
covered  barrow,  24s. 

In  the  amount  of  bis  receipts,  the  street- 
orderly  appears  to  a  disndvantige,  as  many  of 
the  "regular  hands"  of  the  contractors  receive 
Ids.  weekly,  and  he  but  12x.  The  reason 
for  this  circumscribed  payment  I  have  already 
alluded  to — the  deficiency  of  funds  to  carry  out 
the  full  porposcs  of  the  Association.     Contrasted 


with  the  remuneration  of  the  great  majority  of 
the  pauper  scavagers,  the  street-orderly  is  in  a 
state  of  comparative  comfort,  for  he  receives  nearly 
double  as  much  as  the  Guardians  of  the  Poor  of 
Chelsea  and  the  Liberty  of  the  Rolls  pay  their 
labourers,  and  full  25  per  cent,  more  than  is  paid  by 
Bermondsey,  Deptford,  Marylebone,  St.  James's, 
Westminster,  St.  George's,  Hanover-square,  and 
St.  Andrew's,  Ilolborn ;  and,  I  am  assured,  it  is 
the  intention  of  the  Council  to  pay  the  full  rate  of 
wages  given  by  the  more  respectable  scavagers, 
viz.,  16^.  a  week  each  man.  Jf  traders  can  do 
this,  2}liil(^nthropists,  who  require  no  profit,  at 
least  should  he  equoMy  liberal.  The  labourer 
never  can  be  benefited  by  depreciating  the  ordi- 
nary wages  of  his  trade;  and  I  must  in  justice  con- 
fess, that  there  are  scattered  throughout  the  Report 
repeated  regrets  that  the  funds  of  the  Association 
will  not  admit  of  a  higher  rate  of  wages  being  paid. 
The  street-orderly  is  not  subjected  to  any  fines 
or  drawbacks,  and  is  paid  always  in  money,  every 
Saturday  evening  at  the  office  of  the  Association. 
In  this  respect,  however,  he  does  not  differ  from 
other  bodies  of  scavagers. 

The  usual  mode  of  obtaining  employment  among 
the  street-orderlies  is  by  personal  application  at 
the  office  of  the  Association  in  Leicester-square; 
but  sometimes  letters,  well-penned  and  well- 
worded,  are  addressed  to  the  president. 

The  daily  number  of  applicants  for  employment 
is  far  from  demonstrative  of  that  unbroken  pros- 
perity of  the  country,  of  which  we  hear  so  much. 
On  my  inquiring  into  the  number,  I  ascertained 
towards  the  end  of  August,  that,  for  the  previous 
fortnight,  during  fine  summer  weather,  London 
being  still  full  of  the  visitors  to  the  Exhibition, 
on  an  average  30  men,  of  nearly  all  conditions 
of  life,  applied  personally  each  day  for  work  at 
street-sweeping,  at  12.?.  a  week.  CerUiinly  this 
labour  is  not  connected  with  the  feeling  of  pauper 
degradation,  but  it  does  not  look  well  for  the  country 
that  in  twelve  days  SCO  men  should  apply  for  such 
work.  On  the  year's  average,  I  am  assured, 
there  are  30  applications  daily,  but  only  ten  new 
applicants,  as  men  call  to  solicit  an  engagement 
again  .and  again.  Thus  in  the  year  there  r.to 
nine  thousand,  three  hundred,  and  ninoty  ap- 
plications, and  3130  individual  applicants.  In 
the  course  of  one  month  last  winter,  there  were 
applications  from  300  boys  in  Spitalfields  alone, 
to  be  set  to  work ;  and  I  am  told,  that  had 
they  been  successful,  3000  lads  would  have  ap- 
plied the  next  month. 

When  an  application  is  made  by  any  one  re- 
commended by  subscribers,  &c.,  to  the  Association, 
or  where  the  case  seems  worthy  of  attention,  the 
names  and  addresses  are  entered  in  a  book,  with 
a  slight  sketch  of  the  circumstances  of  the  person 
wishing  to  become  a  street-orderly,  so  that  inquiries 
may  be  made.  I  give  a  few  of  the  more  recent 
of  these  entries  and' descriptions,  which  are  really 
"histories  in  little"  : — 

"  Thomas  M'G ,  aged  50,  W—  L—  street, 

Chelsea  Hospital,  single  man.  Taught  a  French 
and  English  school  in  Lyons,  France.  Driven  out 
of  France  at  the  Revolution  of  1848.     Penniless. 


262 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"Rich.  M ,13,C street,  H garden, 

42  years.  Married.  Can  read  and  write.  Has 
been  a  seaman  in  the  royal  service  ten  years. 
Chairmaker  by  trade.  Has  jobbed  as  a  porter  in 
Eochester,  Kent. 

"Phil.  S ^  1,  R—  L— street,  High  Hol- 

born.  From  Killarne}',  co.  Kerry.  Jired  a 
gardener.  Fifteen  years  in  constabulary  force, 
for  which  he  has  a  character  from  Col.  Macgregor, 
and  received  the  compensation  of  50^.,  which  he 
bestowed  on  his  father  and  mother  to  keep  them 
at  home.  Nine  months  in  England,  viz.,  in 
Bristol,  Bath,  and  London.  Aged  35.  Can  read 
and  write. 

"Edw.   C ,   79,   M street,   Hackney. 

A^ed  27.  Married.  Army-pensioner,  Qd.  a  day. 
Can  read  and  write.  Recommended  by  Rev.  T. 
Gibson,  rector  of  Hackney. 

"Chas.     J ,    11,    D Street,    Chelsea. 

Aged  33.     Grentleman's  servant" 

lu  ray  account  of  the  "rfegular  hands"  em- 
ployed by  the  contracting  scavagers,  I  have  stated 
that  the  street-orderlies  were  a  more  miscellaneous 
body,  as  they  had  not  been  reared  in  the  same 
proportion  to  street  work.  They  are  also,  I  may 
add,  a  better-conducted  and  better-informed  class 
than  the  general  run  of  unskilled  labourers,  as 
they  know,  before  applying  for  street- orderly 
work,  that  inquiries  are  made  concerning  them, 
and  that  men  of  reprobate  chai-acter  will  not  be 
employed. 

Many  of  those  employed  as  orderlies  have 
since  returned  to  their  original  employments; 
others  have  procured,  and  been  recommended  to, 
superior  situations  in  life  to  that  of  street- 
orderlies,  by  the  Council  of  the  Association,  but 
no  instance  has  occurred  of  any  street-orderly 
ha-cing  returned  hack  to  his  parish  workhouse 
or  stoneyard."     This  certainly  looks  well. 

One  street-orderly,  I  may  add,  is  now  a  re- 
putable school-master,  and  has  been  so  for  some 
time;  another  is  a  clerk  under  similar  circum- 
stances. Another  is  a  good  theoretical  and  prac- 
tical musician,  having  officiated  as  organist  in 
churches  and  at  conceits  ;  he  is  also  a  neat  music 
copyist.  Another  tells  of  his  correspondence  with 
a  bishop  on  theological  topics.  Another,  with  a 
long  and  well-cultured  beard,  has  been  a  model 
for  artists.  One  had  150^.  left  to  him  not  long 
ago,  which  was  soon  spent ;  his  wife  spent  it,  he 
said,  and  then  he  quietly  applied  to  be  permitted 
to  be  again  a  street-orderly.  Several  have  got 
engagements  as  seamen,  their  original  calling — 
indeed;  I  am  assured,  that  a  few  months  of  street- 
orderly  labour  is  looked  upon  as  an  excellent 
ordeal  of  character,  after  which  the  Association 
affirms  good  behaviour  on  the  part  of  the  employed. 

The  subscribers  to  the  funds  not  unfrequently 
recommend  destitute  persons  to  the  good  offices  of 
the  Association,  apart  from  their  employment  as 
street-orderlies.  Thus,  it  is  only  a  few  weeks 
ago,  that  twelve  Spanish  refugees,  none  of  them 
speaking  English,  were  recommended  to  the  Asso- 
ciation ;  one  of  them  it  was  ultimately  enabled  to 
establish  as  a  waiter  in  an  hotel  resorted  to  by 
foreigners,  another  as  an  interpreter,  another  aa  a 


gentleman's  servant,  and  another   (with  a  little 
boy,  his  son)  in  shoe-blacking  in  Leicester-square. 

Thus  among  street-orderlies  are  to  be  found  a 
great  diversity  of  career  in  life,  and  what  may  be 
called  adventures. 

One  great  advantage,  however,  which  the  orderly 
possesses  over  his  better  paid  brethren  is  in  the 
greater  probability  of  his  "rising  out  of  the 
street,"  Th^s  is  very  rarely  the  case  with  an 
ordinary  scaviiger. 

I  now  give  the  following  account  from  one  of 
the  street-orderlies,  a  tall,  soldierly-looking  man : — 

"I'm  42  now,"  he  said,  "and  when  I  was  a 
boy  and  a  young  man  I  was  employed  in  the 
Times  machine  office,  but  got  into  a  bit  of  a  row 
— a  bit  of  a  street  quarrel  and  frolic,  and  was 
called  on  to  pay  3^.,  something  about  a  street-lamp  : 
that  was  out  of  the  question;  and  as  I  was 
taking  a  walk  in  the  park,  not  just  knowing  what 
I  'd  best  do,  I  met  a  recruiting  sergeant,  and  en- 
listed on  a  sudden — all  on  a  sudden — in  the  16th 
Lancers.  When  I  came  to  the  standard,  though, 
I  was  found  a  little  bit  too  short.  Well,  I  was 
rather  frolicsome  in  those  days,  I  confess,  and 
perhaps  had  rather  a  turn  for  a  roving  life,  so 
when  the  sergeant  said  he  'd  take  me  to  the  East 
India  Company's  recruiting  sergeant,  I  consented, 
and  was  accepted  at  once.  I  was  taken  to  Cal- 
cutta, and  served  under  General  Nott  all  through 
the  Affghan  war.  I  was  in  the  East  India  Com- 
pany's artillery,  4th  company  and  2nd  battalion. 
Why,  yes,  sir,  I  saw  a  little  of  what  you  may  call 
'service.'  I  was  at  the  fighting  at  Candahar, 
Bowlinglen,  Bowling-pass,  Clatigillsy,  Ghuznee, 
and  Caboul.  The  first  real  warm  work  I  was  in 
was  at  Candahar.  I  've  heard  young  soldiers  say 
that  they've  gone  into  action  the  first  time  as 
merry  as  they  would  go  to  a  play.  Don't  believe 
them,  sir.  Old  soldiers  will  tell  you  quite  dif- 
ferent. You  must  feel  queer  and  serious  the  first 
time  you  're  in  action  :  it 's  not  fear — it  's  ner- 
vousness. The  crack  of  the  muskets  at  the  first 
fire  you  hear  in  real  hard  earnest  is  uncommon 
startling ;  you  see  the  flash  of  the  fire  from  the 
enemy's  line,  but  very  little  else.  Indeed,  oft 
enough  you  see  nothing  but  smoke,  and  hear  no- 
thing but  balls  whistling  every  side  of  you.  And 
then  you  get  excited,  just  as  if  you  were  at  a 
hunt ;  but  after  a  little  service — I  can  speak  for 
myself,  at  any  rate— you  go  into  action  as  you 
go  to  your  dinner. 

"  I  served  during  the  time  when  there  was  the 
AfFghanistan  retreat ;  when  the  44th  was  com- 
pletely cut  up,  before  any  help  could  get  up  to 
them.  We  sufliered  a  good  deal  from  want  of 
sufficient  food ;  but  it  was  nothing  like  so  bad,  at 
the  very  worst,  as  if  you  're  sufFeiing  in  London. 
In  India,  in  that  war  time,  if  you  suffered,  you 
were  along  with  a  number  in  just  the  same  boat 
as  yourself ;  and  there 's  always  something  to 
hope  for  when  you're  an  army.  It's  different 
if  you  're  walking  the  streets  of  London  by  your- 
self—I felt  it,  sir,  for  a  little  bit  after  my  return 
— and  if  you  haven't  a  penny,  you  feel  as  if  there 
wasn't  a  hope.  If  you  have  friends  it  may  be 
different,  but  I  had  none.     It's  no  comfort  if 


i         1 

^-  —  [r _  _  .. .  ^ 

.-■:.\ 

I--J 

iff^'^A^N^ 


THE   ABLE-BODIED   TAUPER   STEEET-SWEEPER. 

{From  a  Dac^urreoturt  hj  IJrARD.J 


ZOynON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


263 


veil  know  braidreds  are  suffering  as  you  are,  for 
you  can't  help  and  cheer  one  another  as  soldiers 
can. 

"  Well,  sir,  as  I  Ve  told  you,  I  saw  a  good  deal 
of  service  all  through  that  war.  Indeed  I  served 
thirteen  years  and  four  months,  and  was  then 
discharged  on  account  of  ill  health.  If  I  'd  served. 
eight  months  longer  that  would  have  been  fourteen 
years,  and  I  should  have  been  entitled  to  a  pen- 
sion. I  believe  my  illness  was  caused  by  the 
hardships  I  went  through  in  the  campjiigns,  fight- 
ing and  killing  men  that  I  never  saw  before,  and 
until  I  was  in  India  had  never  heard  of,  and  that 
I  had  no  ill-wiil  to ;  certainly  not,  why  should  I] 
they  never  did  me  any  wrong.  But  when  it 
comes  to  war,  if  you  can't  kill  thera  they  '11  kill 
yon.  When  I  got  back  to  London  I  applied  at 
the  East  India  Uoase  for  a  pension,  but  was 
refoced.  I  hadn't  served  my  time,  though  that 
wasn't  my  fault. 

"  I  then  applied  for  work  in  the  Times  machine 
office,  and  they  were  kind  enough  to  put  me  on. 
But  I  wasn't  master  of  the  work,  for  there  Avas 
new  machinery,  wonderful  machinery,  and  a  many 
changM.  So  I  couldn't  be  kept  on,  and  was 
some  time  out  of  work,  and  very  badly  off,  as 
I  've  said  before,  and  then  I  got  work  as  a  sca- 
venger. 0,  I  knew  nothingabout  sweeping  before 
that.  I  'd  never  swept  anything  except  the  snow 
in  the  north  of  India,  which  is  quite  a  different 
•ort  of  thing  to  London  dirt.  But  I  very  soon 
got  into  the  way  of  it.  I  found  no  difficulty 
about  it,  though  some  may  pretend  there  is  an 
art  in  it  I  had  15*.  a  week,  and  when  I  was 
no  longer  wanted  I  got  employment  as  a  street- 
orderly.  I  never  was  married,  and  have  only 
myself  to  provide  for.  I'm  satisfied  that  the 
street-orderly  ia  far  the  best  plan  for  street-clean- 
ing. Nothing  else  can  touch  it,  in  my  opinion, 
and  I  thotight  so  before  I  was  one  of  them,  and 
I  believe  most  working  scavengers  tiiink  so  now, 
though  they  mayn't  like  to  say  so,  for  fear  it  might 
go  again  their  interest 

"  Ob,  yes,  I  'm  sometimes  questioned  by 
gentlemen  that  may  be  passing  in  the  streets 
while  I  'm  at  work,  all  about  our  system.  They 
generally  say,  'and  a  very  good  system, 
too.'  One  said  once,  '  It  shows  that  scavengers 
can  be  decent  men ;  they  weren't  when  I  w:is 
first  in  London,  above  40  years  ago.'  TTcll,  I 
sometimes  get  the  price  of  a  pint  of  beer  given  to 
me  by  gentlemen  making  inciuiries,  but  very 
leldooi." 

UnUl  abont  eighteen  months  ago  none  but  un- 
nurried  men  were  employed  by  the  Association, 
and  these  all  resided  in  one  locality,  and  under 
one  genenl  superintendence  or  system.  The 
boarding  and  lodging  of  the  men  has,  however, 
beendtseoBtimMdiiitoat  fifteen  months ;  for  I  am  toM 
it  was  found  diAealt  to  «noo«iage  industrial  and 
•elfxeliant  pursuits  in  connection  with  public  elee- 
mosynary aid.  Married  men  are  now  employed, 
and  all  the  street-orderiies  reside  at  their  own 
homes;  the  adults,  married  or  single,  receiving 
12*.  a  week  each  ;  the  boys,  fls. ;  while  to  each 
man  is  gntnitouslj  supplied  a  blouse  of  blue 


serge,  costing  2s.  Qd.,  and  a  glazed  hat,  costing 
the  same  amount. 

The  system  formerly  adopted  was  as  fol- 
lows ; — 

The  men  were  formed  into  a  distinct  body,  and 
established  in  houses  taken  for  them  in  Ham-yard, 
Great  Windmill-street,  Haymarket 

"  The  wages  of  the  men,"  states  the  Eeport, 
"were  fixed  at  12j.  each  per  w-eek;  that  is,  95. 
were  charged  for  board  and  lodging,  and  35.  were 
paid  in  money  to  each  man  on  Saturday  afternoon, 
out  of  which  lie  was  expected  to  pay  for  his 
clothing  and  washing.  The  men  had  provided 
for  them  clean  wholesome  beds  and  bedding,  a 
common  sitting-room,  with  every  means  of  ablu- 
tion and  personal  cleanliness,  including  a  warm 
bath  once  a  week.  Their  food  was  abundant  and 
of  the  best  quality,  viz.,  coffee  and  bread  and 
butter  for  breakfast,  at  eight  o'clock ;  round  of 
beef,  bread,  and  vegetables,  four  times  a  week  for 
dinner,  at  one  o'clock  ;  nutritious  soup  and  bread, 
or  bread  and  cheese,  forming  the  afternoon  repast 
of  the  other  three  days.  At  six  in  the  evening, 
when  they  returned  from  their  labours,  they  were 
refreshed  with  tea  or  coffee,  and  bread  and  butter; 
or  for  supper,  at  nine,  each  had  a  large  basin  of 
soup,  with  bread.  Thus,  three-fourths  of  their 
wages  being  laid  out  for  them  to  advantage,  the 
men  were  well  lodged  and  fed ;  and  they  have 
always  declared  themselves  satisfied,  comfortable, 
and  happy,  under  the  arrangements  that  were 
made  for  them.  Under  the  charge  of  their  intel- 
ligent and  active  superintendent,  the  street-order- 
lies soon  fell  into  a  state  of  the  most  exact  disci- 
pline and  order;  and  when  old  orderlies  wore 
drafted  off,  either  to  enter  the  service  of  parish 
boards  who  adopted  the  system,  or  were  recom- 
mended into  service,  or  some  other  superior 
position  in  life,  and  when  new  recruits  came  to 
supply  their  places,  the  latter  found  no  difficulty 
in  conforming  to  the  rules  laid  down  for  the 
performance  of  their  duties,  as  well  as  for 
their  general  conduct  *  Military  time'  regulated 
their  hours  of  labour,  refresliment,  and  rest ;  due 
attention  was  required  from  all ;  and  each  man 
(though  a  scavenger)  was  expected  to  be  cleanly 
in  his  person,  and  respectful  in  his  demeanour ; 
indeed,  nothing  could  be  more  gratifying  tiian  the 
conduct  of  these  men,  both  at  home  and  abroad." 

"  In  their  domicile  in  ilam  Yard,"  cyntiiiues 
the  Report,  "  the  street-orderlies  have  invariably 
been  encouraged  to  follow  pursuits  which  were 
useful  and  improving,  after  their  daily  labours 
were  at  an  end  ;  for  this,  a  small  library  of  history, 
voyages,  travels,  and  instructive  and  entertaining 
periodical  works,  was  placed  at  their  dispo-'^al ;  and 
it  is  truly  gratifying  to  the  Council  to  bo  able  to 
state,  that  the  men  evinced  great  satisfaction,  and 
even  avidity,  in  availing  themselves  of  this  source 
of  intellectual  pleasure  and  improvement  Writing" 
materials  also  were  provided  for  them,  fur  the 
purpose  of  practice  and  improvement,  as  v/ell  as 
for  mutual  instruction  in  this  most  necessiiry  and 
useful  art ;  and  it  must  be  gratifying  to  the 
members  of  the  Association  to  be  informed,  that, 
in  April  last,  34  out  of  40  men  appended  their 


264 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


signatures,  distinctly  and  well  written,  to  a  docu- 
ment which  was  submitted  to  them.  Such  a  fact 
will  at  least  prove,  that  when  poor  persons  are  em- 
ployed, well  fed,  and  lodged,  and  cared  for  in  the 
way  of  instruction,  the)'  do  not  always  mis-spend 
their  time,  nor,  from  mere  preference,  run  riot  in 
pot  houses  and  scenes  of  low  debauchery.  It  is  to 
l)e  borne  in  mind,  however,  that  one-half  of  these 
men  were  persons  of  almost  every  trade  and  occu- 
pation, from  the  artizan  to  the  shopman  and  clerk, 
and  therefore  previously  educated  ;  the  other  half 
consisted  of  labourers  and  persons  forsaken  and 
indigent  from  their  birth,  and  formerly  dependent 
on  workhouse  charity  or  chance  emplo^^ment  for 
their  scanty  subsistence  ;  consequently  in  a  state 
of  utter  ignorance  as  to  reading  and  writing. 

"  Every  night,  after  supper,  prayers  were  read 
by  the  superintendent ;  and  it  has  frequently  been 
a  most  edifying  as  well  as  gratifying  sight  to 
members  of  your  Council,  as  well  as  to  other 
persons  of  rank  and  station  in  society,  who  have 
visited  the  Hospice  in  Ham  Yard  at  that  interest- 
ing hour,  to  observe  the  decorum  with  which  these 
poor  men  demeaned  themselves  ;  and  the  heartfelt 
solemnity  with  which  they  joined  in  the  invoca- 
tions and  thanks  to  their  Creator  and  Preserver  ! 

"Each  Sunday  morning,  at  8  o'clock,  a  portion 
of  the  church  service  was  read,  followed  by  an 
extemporaneous  discourse  or  exhortation  by  the 
secretary  to  the  Hospice.  They  were  marshalled 
to  church  twice  on  the  Sabbath,  headed  by  the 
superintendent  and  foremen;  and  generally  divided 
into  two  or  three  bodies,  each  taking  a  direction 
to  St.  James's,  St.  Anne's,  or  St.  Paul's,  Covent 
Garden ;  in  all  of  which  places  of  worship  they 
had  sitting  accommodation  provided  by  the  kind- 
ness of  the  clergy  and  churchwardens.  On  Tuesday 
evenings  they  had  the  benefit  of  receiving  pastoral 
visits  and  instruction  from  several  of  the  worthy 
clergymen  of  the  surrounding  parishes." 

This  is  all  very  benevolent,  but  still  very 
■RTong.  There  is  but  one  way  of  benefiting  the 
poor,  viz.,  by  developing  their  powers  of  self- 
reliance,  and  certainly  not  in  treating  them  like 
children.  Philanthropists  always  seek  to  do  too 
much,  and  in  this  is  to  be  found  the  main  cause  of 
their  repeated  failures.  The  poor  are  expected  to 
become  angels  in  an  instant,  and  the  consequence 
is,  they  are  merely  made  hypocHtes.  Moreover, 
no  men  of  any  independence  of  character  will 
submit  to  be  washed,  and  dressed,  and  fed  like 
schoolboys ;  hence  none  but  the  worst  classes 
come  to  be  experimented  upon.  It  would  seem, 
too,  that  this  overweening  disposition  to  play 
the  part  of  ped-agogues  (I  use  the  word  in  its 
literal  sense)  to  the  poor,  proceeds  rather  from  a 
love  of  power  than  from  a  sincere  regard  for  the 
people.  Let  the  rich  become  the  advisers  and 
assistants  of  the  poor,  giving  them  the  benefit  of 
their  superior  education  and  means — but  leaving 
the  peojple  to  act  for  themselves — and  they  will  do  a 
great  good,  developing  in  them  a  higher  standard 
of  comfort  and  moral  excellence,  and  so,  by  im- 
proving their  tastes,  inducing  a  necessary  change 
in  their  habits.  But  such  as  seek  merely  to  lord 
it  over  those  whom  distress  has  placed  in  their 


power,  and  strive  to  bring  about  the  villeinage  of 
benevolence,  making  the  people  the  philanthropic, 
instead  of  the  feudal,  serfs  of  our  nobles,  should 
be  denounced  as  the  arch-enemies  of  the  country. 
Such  persons  may  mean  well,  but  assuredly  they 
achieve  the  worst  towards  the  poor.  The  curfew- 
bell,  whether  instituted  by  benevolence  or  ty- 
ranny, has  the  same  degrading  effect  on  the  people 
— destroying  their  principle  of  self-action,  without 
which  we  are  all  but  as  the  beasts  of  the  field. 

Moreover,  the  laying  out  of  the  earnings  of  the 
poor  is  sure,  after  a  time,  to  sink  into  "  a  job ; " 
and  I  quote  the  above  passage  to  show  that,  despite 
the  kindest  management,  eleemosynary  help  is  not 
a  fitting  adjunct  to  the  industrial  toil  of  independ- 
ent labourers. 

The  residences  of  the  street-orderlies  are  now  in 
all  quarters  where  unfurnished  rooms  are  about 
Is.  9d.  or  2s.  a  week.  The  addresses  I  have  cited 
show  them  residing  in  the  outskirts  and  the  heart 
of  the  metropolis.  The  following  returns,  how- 
ever, will  indicate  the  ages,  the  previous  occupa- 
tions, the  education,  church-going,  the  personal 
habits,  diet,  rent,  &c.,  of  the  class  constituting  the 
street-orderlies,  better  than  anything  I  can  say 
on  the  matter. 

Before  any  man  is  employed  as  a  street-orderly, 
he  is  called  upon  to  answer  certain  questions,  and 
the  replies  from  67  men  to  these  questions  supply 
a  fund  of  curious  and  important  information — im- 
portant to  all  but  those  who  account  the  lot  of  the 
poor  of  no  importance.  In  presenting  these  details, 
I  beg  to  express  my  obligations  to  Mr,  Colin 
Mackenzie,  the  enlightened  and  kindly  secretary 
of  the  Association. 

I  shall  first  show  what  is  the  order  of  the 
questioning,  then  what  were  the  answers,  and  I 
shall  afterwards  recapitulate,  with  a  few  comments, 
the  salient  characteristics  of  the  whole. 

The  questions  are  after  this  fashion ;  the  one  I 
adduce  having  been  asked  of  a  scavager  to  Avhom 
a  preference  was  given  : — • 

The  Parish  of  St.  Mary,  Paddington. — Ques- 
tions  asked  of  Parish  Scavagers,  applying  for 
employment  as  Street-Orderlies,  with  the  an- 
swers appended. 

Name?— W C . 

Age  1 — 35  years. 

How  long  a  scavenger  ? — Three  months. 

What    occupation    previously  ?  —  Grentleman's 

footman. 

Married  or  single  1 — Married. 

Beading,  writing,  or  other  education  1 — Yes. 

Any  children  ? — One. 

Their  ages  % — Three  years. 

Wages  ?— Nine  shillings  per  week. 

Any  parish  relief? — No. 

What  and  how  much  food  tlie  applicants  have 

risually  purcluised  in  a  week. 
Meat?— 25.  6d. 
Bacon  ? — None. 
Fish  ?— None. 
Bread?— 2s. 
Potatoes? — id. 
Butter?— 6rf. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


265 


V 


Tea  and  sugar  ? — 1*. 

Cocoa?— None. 

What  rent  they  pay  ?— 2*. 

Furnished  or  unfurnished  lodgings  1 — Unfur- 
nished. 

Any  change  of  dress  1 — No. 

Sunday  clothing? — No. 

How  many  shirta? — Two  shirts. 

Boots  and  shoes  ? — One  pair. 

How  much  do  they  lay  out  for  clothes  in  a 
year  ? — I  have  nothing  but  what  I  stand  upright  in. 

Do  they  go  to  church  or  chapel  ? — Sometimes. 

If  not,  why  not  ]  —It  is  from  want  of  clothes. 

Do  they  ever  bathe? — No. 

Does  the  wife  go  out  to,  or  take  in  work  ? — 
Yes. 

What  are  her  earnings  ? — Uncertain. 

Do  they  have  anything  from  charitable  institu- 
tions or  families  ? — No. 

When  ill ;  where  do  they  resort  to  1 — Hospitals, 
dispensaries,  and  the  parish  doctor. 

Do  their  children  go  to  any  school;  and  what  ?  — 
Paddington. 

Do  they  ever  save  any  money ;  how  much,  and 
where  ? — 

How  much  do  they  spend  per  week  in  drink  ? 

Do  not  passers  by,  as  charitable  ladies,  &c., 
give  them  money;  and  how  much  per  week? — 
No. 

Such  are  the  questions  asked,  and  I  now  give 
the  answers  of  67  individuals. 

Their  ages  were : — 
10  were  firom  20  to  30     15  from  50  to  60 
13         „         30  „  40       4     „     60  „  70. 
24         „        40  „  50       1     „     70 

The  greatest  number  of  any  age  was  7  persons 
of  45  years  respectively. 

Their  previous  occupations  ImcL  been : — 

22  labourers.  1  sweep. 

3  at  ihe  business  *'all  1  hay  binder. 

their  lives."  1  gasligliter. 

3  dustmen.  1  dairyman. 

3  ostlers.  1  ploughman. 

2  sublemen.  1  gardener. 

2  carmen.  1  errand  boy. 

2  porters.  1  fur  dresser. 

2  gentlemen's  servants.  1  fur  dyer. 

2  greengrocers.  1  skinner. 

1  following  dust-cart.  1  leather  dresser. 

1  excavator.  1  letter-press  printer. 

1  gravel  digging.  1  paper  stainer. 

1  stone    bridling     in  1  glass  blower. 

yards.  1  farrier. 

1  at  work  in  the  brick-  1  plasterer. 

fields.  1  clerk, 

1  at  work  in  the  lime-  1  vendor  of  goods, 

works.  1  licensed  victualler. 
1  coal  porter. 

Therefore,  of  67  scavagers 
12  had  been  artisans. 
55        ,f  '      unskilled  workmen. 

Henet  about  five-sixths  belong  to  the  unskilled 
class  of  operatiTes. 


Time  of  having  been  at  scavagering. 

3  "all  their  lives  "at       4  from  5  to  10  years, 
the  business.  34     ,.       1   „     5      „ 

1  about  27  years.  13  twelve   months  and 

6  from  1 5  to  20  years.  less. 

6     „     10  „  15     „ 

Hence  it  would  appear,  that  few  have  been  at 
the  business  a  long  time.  The  greater  number 
have  not  been  acting  as  scavngers  more  than  five 
years. 

State  of  education. — Could  they  read  and  write  t 
45  answered  yes.  5  could  read  onl}-. 

4  replied      that     they     12  could  do  neither, 
could  read  and  write.       1  was  deaf  and  dumb. 

Hence  it  would  appear,  that  rather  more  than 
two-thirds  of  the  scavagers  have  received  some 
little  education. 

Did  they  go  to  chv.rch  or  chapel  t 
22  answered  yes.  1  not  often. 

9  went  to  church.  17  never  went  at  all. 

4        „        chapel.  1  was  ashamed  to  go. 

4  „       the  Catholic       1  went  out  of  town  to 
chapel.  enjoy  himself. 

1  „       both  church       2  made    no  return   (1 
and  chapel.  being      deaf       and 

5  went  sometimes.  dumb). 

Thus  it  would  seem,  that  not  quite  two- 
thirds  regularly  attend  some  place  of  worship ; 
that  about  one-eleventh  go  occasionally  ;  and  that 
about  one-fourth  never  go  at  all. 

Why  did  they  not  go  to  chtirch  ? 
12  had  no  clothes. 

55  returned  no  answer  (1  being  deaf  and  dumb). 

Hence  of  those  who  never  go  (19  out  of  67), 
very  nearly  two- thirds  (say  12  in  19)  have  no 
clothes  to  appear  in. 

Did  they  bathe  i 
69  answered  no.  Thames. 

8  replied  yes.  2  returned  "  sometimes." 

2  said  they  did  in  the     1  was  deaf  and  dumb. 

Hence  it  appeared,  that  about  seven-eighths 
never  bathe,  although  following  the  filthiest  occu- 
pation. 

Were  they  manned  or  single  t 

56  were  married.  6  were  single. 
5     „     widowers. 

Thus  it  would  seem,  that  about  ten-elevenths 
are  or  have  been  married  men. 

ITovff  many  children  had  they  t 

1  had  16.  6  had  1  each. 

1  „       6.  16     „    none  (6  of  these 

2  „       5  each.  being  single  men). 
11  „  ^     »»  2  returned  their  family 
19  „       3     „  as  grown  up  without 

9  „  2     „  stating  the  number. 

Consequently  51  out  of  61,  or  five-sixths,  are 
married,  and  have  families  numbering  altogether 
166  children  ;  the  majority  had  only  3  children, 
and  this  was  about  the  average  family. 


2G6 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


What  were  the  ages  of  their  cJiildrea  t 
11  were  grown  up.  8  were   1   year   and 

2  between  30  and  40.  under. 

9       ,f       20  and  30.         5   were  returned   at 
49       „       10  and  20.  home. 

80        „  land  10.         1  returned  as  dead. 

One-half  of  the  scavagers'  children,  tliercfore,  are 
between  1  and  10  years  of  age ;  the  majority 
would  appear  to  be  8  years  old. 

Some  were  said  to  be  grown  up,  but  no  number 
was  given. 

Did  their  children  go  to  school  t 
13  answered  yes.  2  returned  no. 

13  to  the  National  School       1  replied  that  his  chil- 
6  to  the  llagged  School.  drcn  were  "  not  with 

2  to  Catholic.  him." 

2  to  Parish.  22  (of  whom  16  had  no 

6  to  local  schools.  children,  and  1  was 

1  replied  that  he  went  deaf  and  dumb)  made 

sometimes.  no  reply. 

From  this  it  would  seem,  that  a  large  majority 
— 41  out  of  51,  or  four-fifths — of  the  parents  who 
have  children  send  them  to  school. 

Did  tlieir  inves  work  ? 
15  returned  no.  10  worked  "sometimes." 

6  said  their  wives  were     12  answered  yes. 
"  unable."  1  sold  cresses. 

1  had  lost  the  use  of    15  made  no  return  (11 
her  limbs.  having  no  wives  and 

2  did,  but '^  not  often."  1    being    deaf    and 
4  did     "  when     they  dumb). 

could." 

Hence  two-fifths  of  the  wives  (22  out  of  56)  do 
no  work,  16  do  so  occasionally,  and  13,  or  one- 
fourth,  are  in  the  habit  of  working. 

WJcat  were  wives'  earnings  ? 

10    returned    them   as  1  at  2^.  to  4s.  per  week. 

"  uncertain."  1  at  3s.  or  4s.    „ 

1  "  didn't  know."  1  at  dd.  or  id.  per  day. 

1    estimated   them   at  43  gave  no  returns  (hav- 

Is.  6d.  per  week.  ing  either  no  wives, 

1  at  Is.  to  2e.     „  or    their  wives    not 

2  at  2s.               „  working). 

3  at  2s.  or  3s,     „  1  was  deaf  and  dumb. 

2  at  about  3s.     „ 

So  that,  out  of  29  wives  who  were  said  to 
work,  16  occasionally  and  13  regularly,  there  were 
returns  for  23.  Nearly  half  of  their  earnings  were 
given  as  uncertain  from  their  seldom  doing  work, 
v/hile  the  remainder  were  stated  to  gain  from  Is. 
to  45.  per  week ;  about  2s.  Qd.  perhaps  would  be 
a  fair  average. 

What  wages  were  they  themsehse  in  the  halit  of 
receiving  1 

3  had  16s.  Qd.  per  week.     15  had  9s.  per  week. 

2  „   16s.  „  4   „   8s. 
28   „  15«.           „  6  „   7s. 

3  „   14s.  U.     „  4   „   Is.  l\d.   a  day 

1  „   14«.  „  and  2  loaves. 

2  „   12s.  „ 

Hence  it  is  evident,  that  one-half  receive  15s. 
or  more  a  week,  and  about  a  fourth  9s. 

It  was  not  the  parishes,  however,  but  the  con- 
tractors with  the  parishes,  who  paid  the  higher 
rates  of  wages  :  Mr.  Dodd,  for  St.  Luke's ;  Mr. 


1  expende 

d  5s.  Zd. 

5s. 

•'■         >> 

4s.  Id. 

As.  Qd. 

As.  M. 

As. 

13 

3s.  Qd. 

8 

3s. 

3        „ 

2s.  Qd. 

4        „ 

2s.  M. 

13 

2s. 

Thus   it 

would  seem, 

Westley,  for  St.  Botolph's,  Bishopsgate ;  Mr. 
Parsons,  for  Whitechapel ;  Mr.  Newman,  for 
Bethnal-green,  &c. 

These  \vages  the  scavagers  laid  out  in  the 
following  manner  : — 

For  rent,  per  weel. 
1  paid  As.  1  paid  Is.  3ci. 

1  „     3s.  Qd.  2     „     Is. 

8     „     3».  1  lived  rent  free. 

14     „     2s.  Qd.  1  paid  for  board  and 

33     „     2s.  lodging. 

4     „     Is.  Qd.  1  lived  with  mother. 

Hence  it  would  appear,  that  near  upon  half  the 
number  paid  2s.  rent.  The  usual  rent  paid  seems 
to  be  between  2s.  and  3^.,  five-sixths  of  the  entire 
number  paying  one  or  other  of  those  amounts. 
Only  three  lived  in  furnished  lodgings,  and  the 
rents  of  these  were,  respectively,  two  at  2s.  Qd. 
and  the  other  at  2s. 

For  Iread,  jper  weeJc. 

4  expended  Is.  Qd. 
1         „         Is.  Qd. 
4    two   loaves   a    day 
from  parish. 

3  gave  a  certain  sum 
per  week  to  their 
wives  or  mothers  to 
lay  out  for  them,  and 
1  boarded  and  lodged. 

1  was  deaf  and  dumb. 

that  the  general  sum 
expended  weekly  on  bread  varies  between  2s.  and 
4s.  The  average  saving  from  free-trade,  therefore, 
would  be  between  4(^.  and  Sd!.,  or  say  6t?.,per  week. 
For  meat,  per  week. 

1  expended  Sd. 

1  once  a  week. 

4  had  none. 

5  no  returns  (3  of 
this  number  gave  a 
weekly  allowance  to 
wives  or  mothers,  1 
was  deaf  and  dumb, 
and  1  paid  for  board 
and  lodging). 

By  the  above  we  see,  that  the  sum  usually  ex- 
pended on  meat  is  between  2s.  Qd.  and  3s.  per 
week,  about  one-third  of  the  entire  number  ex- 
pending that  sum.  All  those  who  expended  Is. 
and  less  per  week  had  9s.  and  less  for  their  week's 
labour.  The  average  saving  from  the  cheapening 
of  provisions  would  here  appear  to  be  between 
5d.  and  Qd.  per  week  at  the  outside. 

For  tea  and  sugar,  j?er  week. 

2  paid  2s.  Qd.  5  paid  Is.  M. 
1    „    2s.  Ad. 

1  „     2s.  dd. 
19    „     2s. 

2  „     Is.  9d.  5  no   returns :  1  deaf 

4  „     Is.  8d.  and  dumb,  1  bo.ird 
12     „     Is.  Qd.  and  lodging,  and  3 

5  „     Is.  Ad.  making  allowances. 
The  sum  usually  expended  on  tea  and  sugar 

seems  to  be  between  Is.  Cc^.  and  2s.  per  week. 


4  expended  4s. 

5         „ 

3s.  Qd. 

11         „ 

3s. 

12         .., 

2s.  Qd. 

1 

2s.  Ad. 

5        „ 

2s. 

4 

Is.  Qd. 

r-l 

Is.  2d. 

9        „ 

Is. 

2        „ 

lOd. 

2 

Qd. 

5 

» 

Is.  2d 

13 

Is. 

2 

8d. 

5 

no 

returns 

LONDON'  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


267 


For  jish,  2>er  veel: 

3  expended  1*.  4  allowed  so  much  per 

5         „         8d.  week    to  wives,    or 

23        „         6(1.  mother,  or  landlady. 

8  „        4d.  1  deaf  aud  dumb. 

23  „        Kothing. 

Hence  one-third  spent  6d.  weekly  in  fish,  and 
one-third  nothing. 

Foi-  lacon,  per  week. 

1  expended  1^.  1  expended  id. 

2  „         lOd.  43         „         nothing. 

1         „         9d.  4  allowances  to  wives, 

5  „        Sd.  &c. 

9  ,f         6d.  1  deaf  and  dumb. 
The  majority  (two- thirds),  therefore,  do  not  have 

bacon.     Of  those  that  do  eat  bacon,  the  usual  sum 
spent  -weekly  is  6d.  or  M. 

For  luHer,  per  veel: 
1  expended  Is.  8c^.  1   expended  Zd. 

24  „         Is.  2         „         nothing, 

11  „         lOf^.  4  made  allowances. 

12  „  2>d.  1  deaf  and  dumb. 
11         „           6rf. 

Thai  one-third  expended  1?.,  and  about  one- 
sixth  spent  10c/. ;  another  sixth,  8(/. ;  and  another 
sixth,  Qd.  a  week,  for  butter. 

For  potatoes,  per  teed: 

1  spent  Is.  6  spent  id. 

2  „     lOd.  28  spent  nothing. 

6  „       8rf.  4  made  allowances. 
1      „       7d.  1  deaf  and  dumb. 

18     „      6d. 

About  one-fourth  spent  6rf. ;  the  greater  propor- 
tion, however  (nearly  one-half),  expended  nothing 
upon  potatoes  weekly. 

For  clothe,  yearly. 

1  had  2  pairs  of  boots 
a  year,  but  no  clothes. 

2  expended  •'  not 
much." 

2  got  them  as  they  could. 
1  expended  a  few  shil- 
lings. 

1  said  it  "all  depends." 

2  returned  "  nothing." 
1  was  deaf  and  dumb. 
(>  made  no  return. 

Hence  43  out  of  67,  or  nearly  two-thirds,  spent 
little  or  nothing  upon  their  clothes. 

Had  they  a  cliunge  of  dress  t 
28  had  a  change  of  dress.       1  was  deaf  and  dumb. 
38  had  DOt. 

AboTe  one-half,  therefore,  had  no  other  clothes 
Wt  UiMi.4i^  worked  in. 

Had  they  amy  Sunday  cloUiing  t 
20  had  loae.  21  made  no  return. 

45  had  noMb  1  deaf  and  dumb. 

Mer»  ihaa  Wo-itMB,  ibm,  had  no  Sunday 
dotheg. 

How  many  slnrtt  had  they  t 
10  had  3  shirts.  2  had  1  shirt 

54     „     2     „  1  was  deaf  and  dumb. 

The  greater  ntunber,  therefore,  bad  two  shins. 


How  many  shoes  had  ihei;? 


2  expended  2/. 

2        „ 

11.  lOa. 

2        „ 

11.5s. 

3        „ 

11. 

1        »» 

IS*. 

*        » 

17*. 

15*. 

12*. 

■t        j> 

10*. 

\i  couldn't 

say. 

27  had  2  pairs.  1  was  deaf  and  dumb. 

89    „     1     „ 

Thus  the  majority  had  only  one  pair  of  shoes. 

How  much  did  they  s^yend  hi  drink  ? 

1  expended  2s.  a  week.       1    said   he  "  wouldn't 

1  „       Is.  or  2s.  „  say." 

2  „       Is.  6d.      „         1  said   "  that   all    de- 
4       „       1*.  „  pends." 

1       „       6d.  „         2  said  they  "  had  none 

1  „       dd.OTSd.  „  to  spend." 

7  said  they  "couldn't       2  expended  nothing, 
fiiiy."  44  gave   no   return    (1 

deaf  and  dumb). 
Hence  answers  were  given  by  one-ttiird,  of 
whom  the  greatest  number  "couldn't  say."  (?)  Of 
the  ten  who  acknowledged  spending  anything 
upon  drink,  tlie  greater  number,  or  4,  said  they 
spent  Is.  a  week  only.     But  ] 

Did  (hey  save  any  uioiicy  t 
36  answered  no. 
31  gave  no  reply  (1  being  deaf  and  diuab). 

What  did  they  in  case  of  illness  coming  vjwn 
themselves  or  families  t 
23  went  to  the  dispen-       1  went   to  the   work- 
sary  house. 

8  went  to  the  hospital.       2  said  "  nothing." 

6          „              parish  1  "never  troubled  any." 

doctor.  8    made   no   reply    (1 

3  wives  Avent  to   the  being  deaf  and  dumb), 
lying-in  hospital. 

The  greater  number,  then,  go,  when  ill,  to  the 
dispensary. 

Were  thci^i  in  recti pt  of  alms  ? 
56  answered  no.  6  made  no  returns  (1 

2  „        sometimes.  being       deaf      and 

3  „         yes.  dumb). 

Did  the  passers-ly  give  them  anything  f 
49  answered  no.  1    answered  very   sel- 

2         „         sometimes  dom. 

beer.  12  no  returns  (1    being 

1  answered  never.  deaf  and  dumb). 

2  „         seldom. 

Did  t/iey  receive  any  rcliif  from  (In  ir  jan  (.</,es  ? 
56  replied  no.  1  hud  15  lbs.  of  bread. 

4  had  2  loaves  and  Is.       2   answered    "not   at 
a  day  as  wages.  present." 

1  had  4  loaves  a  week.       2  made  no  returns. 

1  „  a  4-lb8,  loaf. 
Thus  the  greater  proportion  (five-sixths),  it  will 
be  seen,  had  no  relief;  two  of  those  who  had  re- 
lief received  9*.  wages  a  week,  and  two  others 
only  7*.,  while  four  received  part  of  their  wages 
from  the  parish  in  bread. 

These  analyses  are  not  merely  the  characteris- 
tics of  the  applicant  or  existent  streetrorderlies ; 
they  are  really  the  annals  of  the  poor  in  all  that 
relates  to  their  domestic  management  in  regard  to 
meat  and  clothes,  the  care  of  their  children,  their 
church-going,  education,  previous  callings,  and 
parish  relief.  The  inquiry  is  not  discouraging  as 
to  the  character  of  the  poor,  and  1  must  call 
attention  to  the  circumstance  of  how  rarely  it  is 


268 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


that  so  large  a  collection  of  facta  is  placed  at 
the  command  of  a  public  writer.  In  many  of 
the  public  offices  the  simplest  information  is  as 
jealously  withheld  as  if  statistical  knowledge 
were  the  first  and  last  steps  to  hitjh  treason. 
I  trust  that  Mr.  Cochrane's  example  in  the  skilful 
arrangement  of  the  returns  connected  with  the 
Association  over  which  he  presides,  and  his 
courteous  readiness  to  supply  the  information, 
gained  at  no  small  care  and  cost,  will  be  more 
freely  followed,  as  such  a  course  unquestionably 
tends  to  the  public  benefit. 

It  will  be  seen  from  these  statements,  how  hard 
the  struggle  often  is  to  obtain  work  in  unskilled 
labour,  and,  when  obtained,  how  bare  the  living. 
Every  farthing  earned  by  such  workpeople  is 
necessarily  expended  in  the  support  of  a  family  ; 
and  in  the  foregoing  details  we  have  another  proof 
as  to  the  diminution  of  the  purchasing  fund  of 
the  country,  being  in  direct  proportion  to  the 
diminution  of  the  wages.  If  100  men  receive  but 
75.  a  week  each  for  their  work,  their  yearly  outlay, 
to  "  keep  the  bare  life  in  them,"  is  1820/.  If  they 
are  paid  16s.  a  week,  their  outlay  is  4160/. ;  an  ex- 
penditure of  2340/.  more  in  the  productions  of 
our  manufactures,  in  all  textile,  metal,  or  wooden 
fabrics ;  in  bread,  meat,  fruit,  or  vegetables ;  and 
in  the  now  necessaries,  the  grand  sUiple  of  our 
foreign  and  colonial  trade — tea,  coffee,  cocoa, 
sugar,  rice,  and  tobacco.  Increase  your  wages, 
therefore,  and  you  increase  your  markets.  For 
manufacturers  to  underpay  their  workmen  is  to 
cripple  the  demand  for  manufactures.  To  talk 
of  the  over-production  of  our  cotton,  linen,  and 
woollen  goods  is  idle,  when  thousands  of  men 
engaged  in  such  productions  are  in  rags.  It  is 
not  that  there  are  too  many  makers,  but  too  few 
who,  owing  to  the  decrease  of  wages,  are  able 
to  be  buyers.  Let  it  be  remembered  that,  out  of 
67  labouring  men,  three-fourths  could  not  alFord  to 
buy  proper  clothing,  expending  thereupon  "little" 
or  "nothing,"  and,  I  may  add,  because  earning 
little  or  nothing,  and  so  having  scarcely  anything 
to  expend. 

I  now  come  to  the  cost  of  cleansing  the  streets 
ujion  the  street-orderly  system,  as  compared  with  that 
of  the  ordinary  modes  of  payment  to  contractors, 
&c.  It  will  have  been  observed,  from  what  has 
been  previously  stated,  that  the  Council  of  the 
Association  contend  that  far  higher  amounts  may 
be  realized  for  street  manure  when  collected  clean, 
according  to  the  street-orderly  plan.  If,  by  a  better 
mode  of  collecting  the  street  dirt,  it  be  kept  un- 
mixed, its  increase  in  value  and  in  price  may  be 
most  positively  affirmed. 

Before  presenting  estimates  and  calculations  of 
cost,  I  may  remind  the  reader  that,  under  the 
street-orderly  system,  no  watering  carts  are  re- 
quired, and  none  are  used  where  the  system  is 
carried  out  in  its  integrity.  To  be  able  to  dispense 
with  the  watering  of  the  streets  is  not  merely  to 
get  rid  of  a  great  nuisance,  but  to  elfect  a  con- 
fiiderable  saving  in  the  rates. 

I  now  give  two  estimates,  both  relating  to  the 
same  district: — 


Comparative  Expense  of  Cleanino  and 
Watering  the  Streets,  &c.,  of  St.  James's 
Parish  ;  under  the  system  now  in  operation 
by  the  Paving  Board,  and  under  the  sanitary 
system  of  "employing  street-orderlies,  as  recom- 
mended by  779  ratepayers.  It  is  assumed, 
from  reasonable  data,  that  the  superficial  con- 
tents of  all  the  streets,  lanes,  courts,  and  alleys 
in  the  parish,  do  not  amount  to  more  than 
80,000  square  yards. 

"  Present  Annual  Expense  of  Cleansing  St.  James' t 
Parish : — 
Paid  to  contractor  for  carrying  away  slop, 

incluiiing  expense  of  broonjs £800    0    0 

Paid  to  23  men,  average  wages,  \0s.  per 
week,  52  weeks 598    0    0 

£1398    0    0 
"  Annual  Btpense  of  Street-Orderly  System:—. 
30  men  (including  those  with 
hand-barrows),  at  10a.  per  week, 

52wceks £700    0    0 

Expense  of  brooms 30    0    0 

Cartage  of  slop 100    0    0 

£910    0    0 

£488    0    0 
Saving  by  diminished  expense  of  street- 
watering  throughout  the  parish   450    0    0 

Annual  prospective  saving £938    0    0 

"  Obs. — The  sum  of  800/.  per  annum  was  paid 
to  the  contractor  on  account  of  expenses  incurred 
for  the  removal  of  slop.  During  the  three  years 
previous  to  1849,  the  contractor  paid  money  to 
the  parish  for  permission  to  remove  the  house- 
ashes,  the  value  of  which  was  then  2s.  per  load ; 
it  is  now  2,^  Qd.  In  St.  Giles's  and  St.  George's 
parishes,  whose  surface  is  more  than  twice  the 
extent  of  St.  James's,  the  expense  of  slop-cartage, 
in  1850,  was  304/.  14s.  M.,  whilst  the  sum  re- 
ceived for  catlle-manure  collected  by  street-or- 
derlies, was  73/.  14s.  Od. ;  and  the  slop-expenses 
for  the  four  months  ending  November  29,  were 
59/.  18s.  6(/.,  whilst  the  manure  sold  for  21/.  Qs.  Od. 
Thus  has  the  slop-expense  in  these  extensive 
united  parishes  been  reduced  to  less  than  120/. 
per  annum.  Since  the  preceding  estimate  was 
submitted  to  the  Commissioners  of  Paving,  the 
street-orderly  system  has  been  introduced  into 
St.  James's  parish ;  and  it  is  confidently  expected 
that  the  'Annual  Prospective  saving'  of  938/., 
will  be  fully  realised." 

A  similar  estimate  has  just  been  sent  into  the 
authorities  of  the  great  parish  of  St.  Marylebone, 
but  its  results  do  not  differ  from  the  one  I  have 
just  cited. 

I  next  present  an  estimate  contrasting  the  ex- 
pense of  the  street-orderly  method  with  the  cost 
of  employing  sweeping-machines  : — 

"Comparative  Expense  of  CLEANSisa  and 
Watering  tue  Streets,  &o.,  of  St.  Martin's 
Parish,  under  the  system  now  in  operation  by 
the  Paving  Board,  and  under  the  sanatory 
system  of  employing  street-orderlies,  as  recom- 
mended by  703  ratepayers.  It  is  assumed, 
from  reasonable  data,  that  the  superficial  con- 
tents of  all  the  streets,  lanes,  courts,  and  alleys 
in  the  parish,  amount  to  about  70,000  square 
yards. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


269 


••  Espnuea  bw  Maehinfiy  in 
St.  Martin't  Parith. 

£   s.    d 

Annual  payment 
to  street-ma- 
chine proprie- 
tor  UOO    0    0 

Watering    rate 

(1847)    644  16    Bk 

Salaries  to 
clerks   391    0    0 

Support  of  28 
able  -  bodied 
men  in  work- 
house.thrown 
out  of  work, 
at  4».  6d.  per 
man 327  12    0 


£2343    8    8i 


"  Expenditure  by  the  Em- 
jJoymetit  of  Street-Order- 
liet.  A'    *.    rf. 

Maintenance  of 
28  street -or- 
d«rlies  to 
keep  clean 
/O.OOO  yards 
(presumed 
contents),  at 
aVK)  yards 
each  man,  at 
12*.  per  week  768    0    0 

Two  inspectors 
of  orderlies, 
at  lbs.  per 
week 78    0    0 

One  superin- 
tendent of 
ditto,  at  \l. 
per  week 

Wear  and  tear 
of  brooms  . . 

Interest  on  out- 
lay for  bar- 
rows, brooms, 
and  shovels. .    26  19    0 

Watering  rate 
(not  required)     

Value  of  ma- 
nure pays  for 
cartage 


52 


36    8    0 


961    7    0 
Annual    saving 
by    street-or- 
derlies   1382    1    8i 


2343    8    8i 

I  now  give  an  estimate  concerning  a  smaller 
district,  one  of  the  divisions  of  St.  Pancras 
parish.  It  was  embodied  in  a  Report  read  at  a 
meeting  in  Camden-town,  on  the  desirableness  of 
introducing  the  street-orderly  system  : — 

The  Keport  set  forth  that  the  Committee  had 
''made  a  minute  investigation  into  the  present 
tjttenu  of  street-cleansing,  as  adopted  under  the 
raperintendence  of  Mr.  Bird,  the  parish  surveyor, 
and  under  that  of  the  National  Philanthropic 
Association. 

"  Prom  the  26th  of  March,  •'  The  street-orderly  system 
1848.  to  the  26th  of  o/cfcan*tng'the  said  roads 
March,  1849,  the  Direc-  in  the  most  eflicicnt 
ten  €f  the  Poor  expended  manner  would  give  the 
inpmibtgtmd  eleomaing,  following  expenditure 
^.,th0tkrtemdaquar-  per  annum:— 
Ur  mae$  under  their 
dtarge,  3545/.  19*.  "</. ;  of  Thirty-fourmen 
this  the  following  items  to  cleanse  3^ 
were  for  cleansing,  viz.—  miles,  at  the 
£  «.  d.  rate  of  2000  su- 

I^bour 249  13    0         perfldal  yards 

Tools 10  12    0         each  man,  12«. 

Slop  carting....  496   0    0        per  week  each  1060  16  0 
Proportion      of  Two    iiupecton 

foieman's    •••  of  orderlies,  at 

lary 30    0    0         15«.  per  week 


7»    6    0 


Superintendent 
Cost  of  brooms, 
shovels,  Ac . . 
No  allowance  for 
slop  •  carting, 
the  National 
Philanthropic 
Association 
holding  that 
the  manure, 
ly     col- 


78 
1U4 


83    00 


^SS^l 


rill 

more  than  pav 
for  its  removal 


1325  16  0 
Deduct  cost    of 
cleansing     by 
the  old  mode    795    5  0 


"  The  apparent  extra  cost,  therefore,  would  be 
530Z.  \\s.  The  vestry,  however,  would  see  that 
the  charge  for  supporting  34  able-bodied  men  in 
the  workhouse  is  at  least  55.  per  week  each,  or 
442/.  per  annum.  This,  therefore,  must  be  de- 
ducted from  the  530Z.  lis.,  leaving  the  extra  cost 
88/.  lis.  per  annum.  This  sum,  the  committee 
were  assured,  will  be  not  only  repaid  by  the 
reduced  outlay  for  repairs,  which  the  new  system 
will  effect ;  but  a  very  great  saving  will  be  the 
result  of  the  thorough  cleansed  state  in  which  the 
roads  will  be  constantly  maintained.  Under  the 
late  system,  to  find  the  roads  in  a  cleansed  state 
was  the  exception,  not  the  rule ;  and  when  all  the 
advantages  likely  to  result  from  the  new  system 
were  taken  into  consideration,  the  committee  did 
not  hesitate  to  recommend  it  for  adoption  in  its 
most  efficient  form." 

Concerning  the  expense  of  cleansing  the  Citi/  hi/ 
the  street- orderly  system,  Mr.  Cochrane  says  : — 

"The  number  required      "Expenses  of  Cleansing  and 
for  the  whole  surface  (in- 
cluding     the       footways, 
courts,  ic.)would  be  about 
250  men  and  boys. 

"  Upon  the  present  sys- 
tem this  number  would  be 
formed  in  three  divisions: — 

"First  division.— 170  to 
begin  work  at  6  a.m.,  and 
end  G  p.m.  Second  division, 
called  relief  and  aids.— 30 
boys  bovs  from  12  at  noon 
to  10.  Third  division.— 50 
men  from  6  p.m.  to  6  a.m. 
Total,  250. 

"  The  men  and  boys  are 
now  working  at  from  Gs.  to 
12«.  per  week. 
These  250  men  and 

boys  would  cost  for 

wages    during  the 

year  about £5100 

Twelve  foremen,  at 

4<V.  perannum 480 

Two  superintendents 

at.VW.each 100 

Brooms,  &:c 325 

Barrows 100 

Two  clerks,  at  100/. 

each 200 

Manager 100 


Annual       expense 
under  the  imper- 
fect   system    of 
street-cleansing .  £18,025 
"Number  of   men  em- 
ployed, 58. 

"  State  of  the  Streets  :— 
Inhabitants  always  com- 
plaining of  their  being 
muddy  in  winter  and  dusty 
in  summer." 


530  11  0 


£6405 

"  No  items  are  given  for 
slopping  or  cartage,  as,  if 
the  streets  are  properly 
attended  to,  there  ought  to 
be  no  slop,  whilst  the  value 
of  the  manure  may  be  more 
than  equivalent  for  the  ex- 
pense of  its  removal. 

"Some  Mop-carts  will, 
however,  l)e  occasionallv 
required  for  Smithfiela- 
market  and  similar  locali- 
ties; making,  therefore, 
ample  allowance  for  con- 
tingencies, it  is  confidently 
considered  that  the  expense 
for  cleansing  the  whole  of 
the  city  of  London  by 
street-orderlies  would  not 
exceed  tKKXi/.  per  annum." 

Two  estimates,  then,  show  an  expectation  of  a 
yearly  saving  of  no  less  than  2320/.  to  the  rate- 
payers of  two  parishes  alone  ;  938/.  to  St.  James's, 
and  1382/.  to  St.  Martin's.  And  this,  too,  if  all 
that  be  augured  of  this  system  be  realized,  with  a 
freedom  from  street  dust  and  dirt  unknown  under 
other  methods  of  scavagery.     I  think  it  right, 


Watering  the  Streets,  Sfc, 
of  the  City  of  London,  on 
the  old  ftystem  qf  Scava- 
ging.from  June,  1845,  to 
June,  1846. 

Annual 
Expense. 

To  scavaging  con- 
tractors ... 

Value  of  ashes  and 
dust  of  the  city 
of  London, given 
gratis  to  the 
above  contrac- 
tors in  the  year 
ending  184<;,  and 
now  purchased 
by  them  for  the 
year  ending  1047 

Estimated  contri- 
butions levietl 
for  watering 
streets 

Salaries  to  survey- 
ors, inspectors, 
beadles,  clerks, 
&c.,  of  Sewers' 
Office,  according 
to  printed  ac- 
count, March  3, 
1846 

Expense  for  clean- 
ing out  sewers 
and  gully-holes 
(not  known) 


£6040 


5500 


4000 


2485 


270 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


however,  to  express  my  opinion  that  even  in 
the  reasonable  prospect  of  these  great  savings 
being  effcofced,  it  is  a  paltry,  or  rather  a  false, 
becattse  raiscalled,  economy  to  speculate  on  the 
{lavnrent  of  10s.  and  12s.  a  week  to  street- 
labourers  in  the  parishes  of  St,  James  and  St. 
Martin  respectively,  when  so  many  of  the  con- 
tractors pay  their  men  16s.  weekly.  If  this 
low  hire  be  justifiable  in  the  way  o(  an  experi- 
ment, it  can  never  be  justifiable  as  a  continuance 
of  the  reicard  of  labour. 

If  the  street-orderly  system  is  to  be  the  means 
oi jpenruinently  reducing  the  wages  of  the  regular 
scavagers  from  16s.  to  12s.  a  week,  then  we  had 
better  remain  afflicted  with  the  physical  dirt  of 
our  streets,  than  the  moral  filth  which  is  sure  to 
proceed  from  the  poverty  of  our  people — but  if  it 
is  to  be  a  means  of  elevating  the  pauper  to  the 
dignity  of  the  independent  labour,  rather  than 
dragging  the  independent  labourer  down  to  the 
debasement  of  the  pauper,  then  let  all  who  wish 
well  to  their  felloAvs  encourage  it  as  heartilj^  and 
strenuously  as  they  can — otherwise  the  sooner  it 
is  denounced  as  an  insidious  mode  of  defrauding 
the  poor  of  one-fourth  of  their  earnings  the 
better;  and  it  is  merely  in  the  belief  that  Mr. 
Cochrane  and  the  Council  of  the  Association  viean 
to  keep  faith  with  the  public  and  increase  the 
men's  wages  to  those  of  the  regular  trade,  that 
the  street-orderly  system  is  advocated  here.  If 
our  philanthropists  are  to  reduce  wages  2o  per 
cent.,  then,  indeed,  the  poor  man  may  cry,  ''save 
me  from  ray  friends." 

As  to  the  positive  and  definite  working  of  the 
street-orderly  system  as  an  economical  system, 
no  information  can  be  given  beyond  the  estimates 
I  have  cited,  as  it  has  never  been  duly  tested  on  a 
sufficiently  large  scale.  Its  working  has  been,  of 
necessity^  desultory.  It  has,  however,  been  intro- 
duced into  St.  George's,  Bloomsbury  ;  St.  James's, 
Westminster ;  and  is  about  to  be  established  in 
St.  Martin's-in-the-Fields ;  and  in  the  course  of  a 
year  or  two  it  seems  that  it  will  be  sufficiently 
tested.  That  its  working  has  hitherto  been  de- 
sultory is  a  necessity  in  London,  where  "  vested 
interests  "  look  grimly  on  any  change  or  even  any 
inquiry.  That  it  deserves  a  full  and  liberal  testing 
eeems  undeniable,  from  the  concurrent  assent  of 
all  parishioners  who  have  turned  their  attention 
to  it. 

It  remains  to  show  the  expenses  of  the  Philan- 
thropic Association,  for  I  am  unable  to  present  an 
account  of  street-orderlyisra  separately.  The 
two  following  tables  fully  indicate  to  what  an  extent 
the  association  is  indebted  to  the  private  purse  of 
Mr.  Cochrane,  who  by  this  time  has  advanced 
between  6000^.  and  7000?.  . 

"Balance  Sheet. 

ReceijAs  and  Ezjoenditure  of  tite  National  Phi- 
lanthro2nc  Association,  for  tli^  Promotion  of 
Social  and  Sanatory  Improrements  and  the 
Employment  of  the  Poor,  from  29^/4  Septemler, 
1846,  i^  29lh  September,  1849. 


Dr. 

To  subscrip- 
tions an(\  do- 
nations from 
the2<)thSe]!t- 
ember,  1U4(5, 
to  '29th  Sept- 
ember,   1849 

Balance  due 
to  president, 
29th  Septem- 
ber, 1«49 


£   I.   d. 


1393  16    7 
15739  10    9 


7133  16    4 


Cr.  £ 

By  balance  duo 
to  president, 
as  per  Balance 
Sheet,  Sept. 
29,  1846    ....  2935 

Secretary's  sa- 
lary        300 

Rent  of  offices, 
&c 2-!8 

Salaries  to 

clerks,  mes- 
sengers, Arc.    3/1 

Do.  to  collectors    312 

Commission  to 
do 130 

Printing  and 
stationery    . .    55G 

Hire  of  rooms 
for  public 
meetings 60 

Advertisements 
and  newspa- 
pers       244 

Bill  posting....        8 

Salaries  to  per- 
sons in  charge 
of  free  lavato- 
ries in  Ham- 
yard,  Great 
Windmill-st., 
St.  James's  . .      10 

Brooms,  bar- 
rows, and 
shovels,  for 
the  use  of 
street  -  order- 
lies       80 

Charges  of  con- 
tractors and 
others  for 
removal  of 
street  slop» 
&c 58 

Food,  lodging, 
and  wages  to 
street  -  brder- 
lieS)domicilcd 
in  Ham-yard, 
Great  Wind- 
mili-strect,St. 
James's 980 

Clothing  for  the 
street  -  order- 
lies       13 

Baths  provided 
for  do 5 

Sundry  ex- 

penses for  of- 
fices, inchid- 
ing  postage- 
stamjjs,  &x;...      92 

Law  expenses. .        8 

Builder's  charts 
for  free  lava- 
tories in  Ham- 
yard 95 

Amount  ad- 
vanced to  the 
late  secretary 
for  improving 
the  dwellings 
of  the  poor  . .      20 

Farther  ad- 
vances made 
by  president 
on  various 
occasions  for 
the  general 
purposes  of 
the  Associa- 
tion        592 


17  9 
0  0 

10  0 

19  4 

18  1 

5  G 

17  0 

10  0 


5    3 
12    6 


3    2 
15  10 


7  11 

1«  10 


0    0 


7133  IG    4 


Audited  by  us,  Oct,  I9th,  1849,  Charles  Shepherd 
Lcnton,  3.3,  Leicester-square;  and  Joseph  Chikl,  43, 
Leicester-square," 


LOSDON  LABOUR  AXD  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


271 


Steket-O&perlies. — City  Scrveyoe's  3 
Report. 
I  nATV  been  fiivoured  with  a  Report  "upon  street- 
cleannng  and  in  reference  to  the  Street-Orderly 
Sjstega,"  by  the  nnthor,  Mr.  W.  Haywood,  the 
Smrveyor  to  the  City  Commission  of  Sewera, 
who  has  invited  my  attention  to  the  matter,  in 
consequence  of  the  statements  which  have  ap- 
peared on  the  subject  in  "  London  Labour  and  the 
London  Poor." 

Mr.  Haywood,  whose  tone  of  argument  is 
courteous  and  moderate,  and  who  does  not  scruple 
to  do  justice  to  what  he  accounts  the  good  points 
of  the  street-orderly  system,  although  he  con- 
demns it  as  a  whole,  gives  an  account  of  the 
earlier  scavaging  of  the  city,  not  differing  in  any 
material  respect  from  that  which  I  have  already 
printed.  He  represents  the  public  ways  of  the 
City,  which  I  have  stated  to  be  about  50  miles,  as 
"about  51  miles  lineal,  about  770,157  superficial 
yards  in  area."  This  area,  it  appears,  compre- 
hends 1000  different  places. 

In  1845  the  area  of  the  carriage-way  of  the 
City  was  estimated  at  418,000  square  yards,  and 
the  footway  at  316,000,  making  a  total  of 
734,000 ;  but  since  that  period  new  streets  have 
been  made  and  others  extensively  widened.  The 
precincts  of  Bridewell,  St.  Rartholomew,  St. 
James's,  Duke's-place,  Aldgate,  and  others,  have 
been  added  to  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Sewers  Com- 
mission by  Act  of  Parliament,  so  that  the  Surveyor 
now  estimates  the  area  of  the  carriage-way  of  the 
City  of  London  at  441,250  square  yards,  and  the 
footway  at  323,907,  makbg  a  total  of  770,157 
sqnare  yards. 

"  I  am  fully  impressed,"  observes  Mr.  Haywood, 
"with  the  great  importance  to  a  densely-popu- 
lated city  of  an  efficient  cleansing  of  the  public 
ways.  Probably  after  a  perfect  system  of  sewage 
and  drainage  (which  implies  an  adequate  water 
supply),  and  a  well-paved  surface  (which  I  have 
always  considered  to  be  little  inferior  in  its  im- 
portance to  the  former,  and  which  is  indispen- 
sable to  obtaining  clean  sweeping),  good  surface 
cleansing  ranks  next  in  its  beneficial  sanitary 
influence;  and  most  certainly  the  comfort  gained 
by  all  through  having  public  thoroughferes  in  a 
high  degree  of  cleanliness  is  exceedingly  great." 

Mr.  Haywood  expresses  his  opinion  that  streets 
"ordure  soddened" — smelling  like  "  stable  yards," 
— dangerons  to  the  health  of  the  inhabitants— 
unpasMble  from  mod  in  winter  and  from  dust  in 
summer — and  inflicting  constant  pecuniary  loss, 
"  can  only  exist  in  an  appreciable  degree  in 
thoronghfaret  swept  much  less  frequently "  than 
the  streets  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  City 
Commissioners  of  Sewers.  In  this  opinion,  bow- 
ever,  Mr.  Haywood  comes  into  direct  collision 
with  the  statemeaU  put  forth  by  the  Board  of 
Heakh,  who  hare  insisted  upon  the  insanitary 
state  of  the  metropolitan  streets,  more  strongly, 
perfai^  ia  their  several  Beporti^  than  has  Mr. 
Cochnne. 

But  Mr.  Haywood  believes  that  not  only  are 
of  the  Board  of  Health  as  to  the 


unwholesome  state  of  the  metropolitan  thorough- 
f.ires  unfounded  as  regards  the  city  of  London, 
but  he  asserts  that  from  the  daily  street-sweeping, 
"the  surface  there  is  maintained  in  as  high  an 
average  condition  of  cleanliness,  as  the  means 
hitherto  adopted  will  enable  to  be  attained." 

"Nor  does  this  apply,"  says  Mr,  Haywood,  "to 
the  main  thoroughfares  only.  In  the  poi.rer  courts 
and  alleys  within  the  city,  where  a  high  degree 
of  cleanliness  is,  at  least,  as  needful,  in  a  sanitary 
point  of  view,  as  in  the  larger  and  wider  thorough- 
fares, the  facilities  for  eflicient  sweeping  are  as 
great,  if  not  greater,  than  in  other  portions  of 
your  jurisdiction.  For  raanj'-  years  past  the  whole 
of  the  courts  and  alleys  which  carts  do  not  enter, 
have  been  paved  with  flagstone,  laid  at  a  good 
inclination,  and  presenting  an  uniform  smooth 
non-dbsorlent  surface :  in  many  of  these  courts 
where  the  habits  of  the  people  are  cleanly,  the 
scavenger's  broom  is  almost  unneeded  for  weeks 
together;  in  others,  where  the  habit  prevails  of 
throwing  the  refuse  of  the  houses  upon  the  pave- 
ments, the  djiily  sweeping  is  highly  essential ;  but 
in  all  these  courts  the  surface  presents  a  condition 
which  renders  good  clean  sweeping  a  compara- 
tively easy  operation,  that  which  is  swept  away 
being  mostly  dry,  or  nearly  so." 

After  alluding  to  the  street-orderly  principle  of 
scavaging,  "to  clean  and  keep  clean,"  Mr.  Haywood 
observes,  "between  the  ^street-orderly  system' 
and  the  periodical  or  intermittent  sweeping  there 
is  this  difference,  that  upon  the  former  system 
there  should  be  (if  it  fulfils  what  it  professes)  no 
deposit  of  any  description  allowed  to  remain 
much  longer  than  a  few  minutes  upon  the  surface, 
and  that  there  should  be  neither  mud  in  the  wet 
weather,  nor  dust  in  the  dry  weather,  upon  the 
public  ways;  whilst,  upon  the.  latter  system,  the 
deposit  necessarily  accumulates  between  the  periods 
of  sweeping,  commencing  as  soon  as  one  sweeping 
has  terminated,  gradually  increasing,  and  being  at 
its  point  of  extreme  accumulation  at  the  period 
when  the  next  sweeping  takes  place :  the  former, 
then,  is,  or  should  be,  a  system  of  prevention; 
the  latter,  confessedly,  but  a  system  of  palliation 
or  cure. 

"  The  more  frequent  the  periodical  sweeping, 
therefore,  the  nearer  it  approximates  in  its  results 
to  the  'street-orderly  system,'  inasmuch  as  the 
accumulations,  being  frequently  removed,  must  be 
smaller,  and  the  evils  of  mud,  dust,  effluvia,  &c,, 
less  in  proportion. 

"Now  to  fulfil  its  promise:  upon  the  'street- 
orderly  system,'  there  should  be  men  both  day 
and  night  within  the  streets,  who  should  con- 
stantly remove  the  manure  and  refuse,  and,  failing 
this,  if  there  be  only  cessation  for  six  hours 
out  of  the  twenty-four  of  the  *  continuous  cleans- 
ing,* it  becomes  at  once  a  periodical  cleansing  but 
a  degree  in  advance  of  the  daily  sweeping,  which 
has  been  now  for  years  in  operation  witliin  the 
city  of  London." 

This  appears  to  me  to  be  an  extreme  conclusion : 
— because  the  labours  of  the  street- orderly  system 
cease  when  the  great  traffic  ceases,  and  when,  of 
course,  there  is  comparatively  little  or  no  dirt 


No.  XLIL 


B 


272 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


deposited  in  the  thoroughfares,  therefore,  says 
Mr.  Haywood,  "  the  City  system  of  cleansing  once 
per  day  is  only  a  degree  behind  that  system  of 
which  the  principle  is  incessant  cleansing  at  such 
time  as  the  dirtying  is  incessant."  The  two  prin- 
ciples are  surely  as  different  as  light  and  darkness : 
— in  the  one  the  cleansing  is  intermittent  and  the 
dirt  constant;  in  the  other  the  dirt  is  intermittent 
and  the  cleanliness  constant — constant,  at  least, 
so  long  as  the  causes  of  impurity  are  so. 

Mr.  Haywood,  however,  states  that  the  Com- 
missioners were  so  pleased  with  the  appearance  of 
the  streets,  when  cleansed  on  the  street-orderly 
system,  which  "was  certainly  much  io  he  ad- 
mired" that  they  introduced  a  somewhat  similar 
system,  calling  their  scavagers  "  daymen,"  as  they 
had  the  care  of  keeping  the  streets  clean,  after  a 
daily  morriing  sweeping  by  the  contractor's  men. 
They  commenced  their  work  at  9  a.m.  and  ceased 
at  6  P.M.  in  the  summer  months,  and  at  half-past 
4  P.M.  in  the  winter.  In  the  summer  months 
36  daymen  were  employed  on  the  average ;  in 
the  winter  months,  46.  The  highest  number  of 
Bcavaging  daymen  employed  on  any  one  day  was 
63;  the  lowest  was  34.  The  area  cleansed  was 
about  47,000  yards  (superficial  measure),  and  with 
the  following  results,  and  the  following  cost,  from 
June  24,  1846,  to  the  same  date,  1847  :— 

Yards 
Superficial. 

The  average  area  cleansed  during  the 
summer  months,  per  man  per  d\em, 
was 1298 

Ditto  during  winter,   per  man   per 

diem,  was  .....         1016 

The  average  of  both  summer  and 
winter  months  was,  per  man  per 
diem 1189 


The  cost  of  the  experiment  was  for 
daymen  (including  brooms,  bar- 
rows, shovels,  cartage,  &c.  *  .  £1450    18 

One  Foreman  at      .        .         .        .         78      0 


And  the  total  cost  of  the  experiment .  £1628    18 

"  The  daily  sweeping,"  Mr.  Haywood  says, 
"  which  for  the  previous  two  years  had  been  esta- 
blished throughout  the  City,  gave  at  that  time 
very  great  satisfaction.  It  was  quite  true  that  the 
streets  which  the  daymen  attended  to,  looked  su- 
perior to  those  cleansed  only  periodically,  but 
the  practical  value  of  the  difference  was  consi- 
dered by  many  not  to  be  worth  the  sum  of  money 
paid  for  it.  It  was  also  felt  that,  if  it  was  conti- 
nued, it  should  upon  principle  be  extended  at  least 
to  all  streets  of  similar  traffic  to  those  upon  which 
it  had  been  tried ;  and  as,  after  due  consideration, 
the  Commission  thought  that  one  daily  sweeping 
was  sufficient,  both  for  health  and  comfort,  the 
day  or  continuous  sweeping  was  abandoned,  and 
I  the  whole  City  only  received,  from  that  time  to 
I     the  present,  the  usual  daily  sweeping." 

The  "present"  time  is  shown  by  the  date  of 
Mr.  Haywood's  Keport,  October  13, 1851.    The 

«  Tlie  wa^es  paid  are  not  stated. 


reason  assigned  for  the  abandonment  of  the  sys- 
tem of  the  daymen  is  peculiar  and  characteristic. 
The  system  of  continuous  cleansing  gave  very 
great  satisfaction,  although  it  was  but  a  degree  in 
advance  of  the  once-a-day  cleansing.  The  streets 
which  the  daj-men  attended  to  "  looked,"  and  of 
course  were,  "  superior"  in  cleanliness  to  those 
scavaged  periodically.  It  was  also  felt  that  the 
principle  should  "  be  extended  at  least  to  all 
streets  of  similar  traffic ;"  and  why  was  it  not  so 
extended?  Because,  in  a  word,  "it  was  not 
worth  the  money;"  though  by  what  standard  the 
value  of  public  cleanliness  was  calculated,  is  not 
mentioned. 

The  main  question,  therefore,  is,  what  is  the 
difference  in  the  cost  of  the  two  systems,  and  is 
the  admitted  "  superior  cleanliness  "  produced  by 
the  continuous  mode  of  scavaging,  in  comparison 
with  that  obtained  by  the  intermittent  mode,  of 
sufficient  public  value  to  warrant  the  increased 
expense  (if  any) — in  a  word,  as  the  City  people 
say — is  it  wo7i.h  the  money  ? 

First,  as  to  the  comparative  cost  of  the  two 
systems:  after  a  statement  of  the  contracts  for 
the  dusting  and  cleansing  of  the  City  (matters 
I  have  before  treated  of)  Mr,  Haywood,  for  the 
purpose  of  making  a  comparison  of  the  present 
City  system  of  scavaging  with  the  street-orderly 
system,  gives  the  table  in  the  opposite  page  to 
show  the  cost  of  street  cleansing  and  dusting 
within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  City  Court  of  Sewers. 
Mr.  Hay  wood  then  invites  attention  to  the  sub- 
joined statement  of  the  National  Philanthropic 
Association,  on  the  occurrence  of  a  demonstration 
as  to  the  efficiency  and  economy  of  the  street- 
orderly  system. 

"  Association  for  the  Promotion  of  Street  Paving, 
Cleansing,  Draining,  &e.,  20,  Vere  Street,  Oxford 
Street.  January  26tli,  1846. 

'•  Approximation  to  the  total  Expenses  connectcl  with 
cleansing,  as  an  experiment,  certain  parts  of  the  City  of 
London,  commencing  December,  1845,  for  the  period  of 
two  months. 
"  350  brooms,  being  an  average  of  6  brooms       £.  s.   d. 

for  each  man 25  18  10 

For  carting 99    1    9 

For  advertising 66    0    0 

For  rent  of  store-room,  3/.  14*.;  Clerks' 
salaries,  12^.;  Messengers,6/. 5*. ;  wooden 
clogs  for  men,  21.  5s.  lOrf. ;  expenses  of 

washing  wood  pavement,  5/ 28    4  10 

Expenses  of  barrows 24  14    0 

Christmas  dinner  to  men,  foremen,  and 

superintendents  (97)    15  12    6 

ai  men  (averaging  at  2s.  6d.  per  day)  for 

9  weeks 573  15    0 

4  superintendents  at  25s.  4d.,  foreman  at 
IHs.,  cart  foreman  20s.,  storekeeper  Itts., 
chief  superintendents  21.,  for  9  weeks  . .      112  10    0 
For  various  small  articles,  brushes,  rakes, 

&c 36    7    8 

Petty  expenses  of  the  office,  postages,  &c., 
and  stationery  6    0    0 

Approximation  to  the  total  cost  of  the  ex- 
pense    £987    4    7 

Signed,  M.  Davies,  Secretary." 
"  I  will  now,"  says  Mr.  Haywood,  "  without 
further  present  reference  to  the  Report  of  the 
Association,  proceed  to  form  an  estimate  of  the 
expenses  of  the  system  as  they  would  have  been 
if  it  had  been  extended  to  the  whole  City,  and 
which  estimate  will  be  based  upon  the  informa- 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


273 


TABLE  SHOWING  THE   COST   OF  STREET  CLEANSING  AND  DUSTING  WITHIN 
THE  JDEISDICTION   OF   THE   CITY   COURT  OF  SEWEllS. 


for  Scaven- 
Dusting,  or 
nging    only 
year. 

Com- 

le    of 

Con- 

scpa- 

Ill 

Leading  or  Principal  feature 

1'! 

Date. 

"^ui^a 

in  the  Regulations 

^^s;s 

rj  o,S 

Mode  of 
whether 
Dusting 
ging  were 
or  togeth 

for  the  Dusting  and  Cleansing. 

Sum  pai 
ging  an 
for    Sea 
during  t 

Sum  rec 
mission 
Dust  wl 
tracts   V 
rately. 

Total 
by  the  r 
Scaveng 
ing. 

Year  ending 
Michaelmas, 

1841 

separately 

Main    streets     of     largest 
traffic  running  east  and 
west      cleansed      daily, 
other     principal     streets 

£       S.    d. 

4590    6    0 

£     *.  d. 

£       8.    d. 

4590    6    0 

>* 

1842 

separately 

every     other     day,     the 
whole  of  the  remainder 
of  the  public  ways  tmce 
a  week ;  dust  to  be  re- 
moved   at  least  tirice  a 

3633  17    0 

Amounts    p 
and  recei^ 
are  balan 

3633  17    0 

» 

1843 

together 

week. 

Average 

2084    4    6 

per  Annum  for  3  Years . 

2084    4    6 

3436     2     C 

it 

1S44 

separately 

Main  line  of  streets  cleansed 
daily,     other     principal 

3826  12     6 

paid 
ceived 
lanced 

3826  12    G 

streets  every  other    day, 

and  all  other  place  twice 

5  s^ 

in  every  week ;   dust  to 

g'S  2 

be  removed  at  least  tmce 

1   e3   a) 

>» 

1845 

separately 

a  week. 

Average  per 

2033    2    0 
Annum   of 

< 

the  2  Years 

28SS    2    0 

3329  17     3 

>» 

1846 

separately 

6034     6     0 

1354     5     0 

4680     1     0 

'* 

1847 

separately 

Daily  cleansing  throughout 

8014     2     0 

4455     5     0 

3558  17     0 

ti 

1848 

separately 

every     public     way    of 
every    description  ;    dust 

7226     1     6 

1328  15    0 

5897    6     6 

n 

1849 

together 

to    be  removed   twice  a 
week. 

7486  11     6 

7486  11     G 

n 

1850 

together 

6779  16    0 

6779  16     0 

» 

1851 

together 

Average  per  Ann«m 

6328  17    0 
of  the  last 

6  Years      . 

6328  17    0 

5788  11     6 

NoTB. — From  24lh  June,  184fl,  to  24th  June,  1847.  the  Commission  made  their  own  experiment  upon  the  Street- 
Ordcrty  System— the  expenies  of  such  experiment  are  included  in  the  above  amounts.     In  1849  the  area  of  the 
of  the  CommiMion  wa«  increased  by  the  addition  of  various  precincts  under  the  City  of  London 

"The  experiment  was  tried  for  a  period  of 
eight  weeks  exactly,  according-  to  the  return  made 
to  the  Commission  by  the  Superintendent  of  the 
Association,  but  as  in  the  statement  of  expenses 
the  wages  appear  to  bo  included  for  a  period  of 
nine  weeks,  I  have  assumed  nine  weeks  as  the 
correct  figure,  and  the  experiment  must  therefore 
have  cost  a  sum  of  £822  7s.  dd.  for  that  period, 
or  at  the  rate  of  about  £01  per  week. 


tion  u  to  the  expenses  of  the  system,  furnished 
by  the  experiment  or  demonstration  made  by  the 
Association  within  your  jurisdiction. 

"  The  total  cost  of  the  experiment  was 
£987  it.  Id.,  and,  deducting  the  chnrges  under 
the  head  of  advertising,  Christmas  dinner,  and 
petty  cash  expenses,  and  also  that  for  office-rent, 
clerks,  messengers,  &c.,  and  assigning  £50  as  the 
value  of  the  implements  at  that  time  for  future 
uso,  there  is  left  a  balance  of  £822  7<.  Zd.  as 
the  clear  cost  of  the  experiment. 


274 


LOSDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  Now  the  total  area  of  the  carriage- 
way of  the  City  of  London  waa  at 
that  time 

"  And  the  area  of  the  foot-way    .     . 


Squ.  Yards 


418,000 
316,000 


"  Making  a  total  of  734,000 

"And  the  area  of  the  carriage-way 

cleaned  by  the  street-orderlies  was  30,670 

•*  And  the  area  of  the  foot- way    .     .  18,690 


"  Making  a  total  of         49,260 

"  The  total  area  of  foot-way  and  carriage-way 
cleansed  was  therefore  1-1 5th  of  the  whole  of  the 
carriage-way  and  foot-way  of  the  City ;  or,  taken 
separately,  the  carriage-way  cleansed  was  some- 
what more  than  l-14th  of  the  whole  of  the  City 
carriage-way. 

*'  It  has  been  seen  also  that  the  total  cost  of 
cleansing  this  l-14th  portion  of  the  carriage-way, 
after  deducting  all  extraneous   expenses,  was  at 

the  rate  per  week  of £91 

Or  at  the  rate,  per  annum,  of  ...     .     £4732 

"  To  assign  an  expenditure  in  the  same  propor- 
tion for  the  remaining  13-14ths  of  the  whole  car- 
riage-way area  of  the  City  would  not  be  just,  for, 
in  the  first  place,  allowance  must  be  made,  owing  to 
the  dirt  brought  off  from  the  adjacent  streets,  which, 
itisassumed,  would  not  havebeenthe  case  had  they 
also  been  cleansed  upon  the  street-orderly  sys- 
tem; and  moreover,  as  the  majority  of  the  streets 
cleansed  were  those  of  large  traffic,  a  larger  pro- 
portion of  labour  was  needed  to  them  than  would 
have  been  the  case  had  the  experiment  been  upon 
any  equal  area  of  carriage-way,  taken  from  a  dis- 
trict comprehending  streets  of  all  sizes  and  de- 
grees of  traffic;  but  if  I  assume  that  the  l-14th 
portion  of  the  Citj-  cleansed  represents  1-llth  of 
the  whole  in  the  labour  needed  fur  cleansing  the 
•whole  of  the  City  upon  the  same  system,  I  be- 
lieve I  shall  have  made  a  very  fair  deduction, 
and  shall,  if  anything,  err  in  favour  of  the  expe- 
riment. 

"  Estimating,  therefore,  the  expense  of  cleans- 
ing the  whole  of  the  City  carriage- v,- ay  upon  the 
street-orderly  system  according  to  the  expenses  of 
the  experiment  made  in  1845-6,  and  from  the 
data  then  furnished,  it  appears  that  cleansing 
upon  such  system  would  have  come  to  an  annual 
sum  of  52,052^. 

"  It  will  be  seen  that  there  is  a  remarkable 
difference  between  this  estimate  of  52,052^.  per 
annum  and  that  of  18,000/.  per  annum  estimated 
by  the  Association,  and  given  in  their  Report  of 
the  26th  Januar\',  1846 ;  and  what  is  more  re- 
markable is,  that  my  estimate  is  framed  not  upon 
any  assumption  of  my  own,  but  is  a  dry  calcula- 
tion based  upon  the  very  figures  of  expense 
furnished  by  the  Association  itself,  and  herein- 
before recited." 

A  second  demonstration,  carried  on  in  the  City 
by  the  street-orderlies,  is  detailed  by  Mr.  Haywood, 
but  as  he  draws  tlie  same  conclusions  from  it, 
there  is  no  necessity  to  do  other  than  allude  to  it 
here. 


According  to  the  above  estimate,  it  certainly 
must  be  admitted  that  the  difference  between  the 
two  accounts  is,  j\s  Mr.  Haywood  says,  "remark- 
able"— the  one  being  nearly  three  times  more 
than  the  other.  But  let  us,  for  fairness'  sake,  test 
the  cost  of  cleansing  the  City  thoroughfares  upon 
the  continuous  plan  of  scavaging  by  the  figures 
given  in  Mr.  Haywood's  own  report,  and  sec 
whether  the  above  conclusion  is  warranted  by  tlie 
facts  there  stated.  From  June,  1846,  to  June, 
1847,  we  have  seen  that  several  of  the  main 
streets  in  the  City  were  cleansed  continuously 
throughout  the  day  by  what  were  called  "day- 
men"— that  is  to  say,  47,000  superficial  yards  of 
the  principal  thoroughfares  were  kej^t  clean  {after 
the  daily  cleansing  of  them  by  the  contractor's 
men)  by  a  body  of  men  similar  in  their  mode  of 
operation  to  the  street-orderlies,  and  who  removed 
all  the  dirt  as  soon  as  deposited  betv/een  the 
hours  of  the  principal  traffic.  The  cost  of  this 
experiment  (for  such  it  seems  to  have  been) 
was,  for  the  twelve  months,  as  we  have  seen, 
1528/.  18s.  Now  if  the  expense  of  cleansing 
47,000  superficial  yards  upon  the  continuous 
method  was  1529/.,  then,  according  to  Cocker, 
770,157  yards  (the  total  area  of  the  public  ways 
of  the  City)  would  cost  25,054/.;  and,  adding  to 
this  6328/.  for  the  sum  paid  to  the  contractors 
for  the  daily  scavaging,  we  have  only  31,382/. 
for  the  gross  expense  of  cleansing  the  whole  of 
the  City  thoroughfares  once  a  day  by  the  "regular 
scavagers,"  and  keepitifj  them  clean  aflencards  bj' 
a  body  similar  to  the  street-orderlies — a  difference 
of  upwards  of  20,000/.  between  the  facts  and 
figures  of  the  City  Surveysr. 

It  would  appear  to  me,  therefore,  that  Mr. 
Haywood  has  erred,  in  estimating  the  probable 
expense  of  the  street-orderly  system  of  scavaging 
applied  to  the  City  at  52,000/.  per  annum,  for,  by 
his  own  showing,  it  actually  cost  the  authorities 
for  the  one  year  when  it  was  tried  there,  only 
1529/.  for  47,000  superficial  yards,  at  which  rate 
770,000  yards  could  not  cost  more  than  31,500/., 
and  this,  even  allowing  that  the  same  amount 
of  labour  would  be  required  for  the  continuous 
cleansing  of  the  minor  thoroughfares  as  was  needed 
for  the  principal  ones.  That  the  error  is  an  over- 
sight on  the  part  of  the  City  Surveyor,  the  whole 
tone  of  his  Report  is  sufficient  to  assure  us,  for  it 
is  at  once  moderate  and  candid. 

It  must,  on  the  other  hand,  be  admitted,  tliat  Mr. 
Haywood  is  perfectly  correct  as  to  the  difference 
between  the  cost  of  the  "demonstration"  of  the 
street-orderly  system  of  cleansing  in  the  City,  and 
the  estimated  cost  of  that  mode  of  scavaging 
when  brought  into  regular  operation  there ;  this, 
however,  the  year's  experience  of  the  City  "  day- 
men" shows,  could  not  possibly  exceed  32,000/., 
and  might  and  probably  would  be  much  less,  when 
we  tiike  into  account  the  smaller  quantity  of  labour 
required  for  the  minor  thoroughfares — the  extra 
value  of  the  street  manure  when  collected  free  from 
mud — the  saving  in  the  expense  of  watering  the 
streets  (this  not  being  required  under  the  orderly 
system) — and  the  abolition  of  the  daily  scavaging, 
which  is  included  in  the  sura  above  cited,  but 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


275 


lehich'  would  be  no  longer  needed  were  the 
orderlies  employed,  such  work  being  performed 
by  them  at  the  commencement  of  their  day's 
lab  I :;r«-:  so  that  I  am  disposed  to  believe,  all  things 
cc:;>..c;ed,  that  somewhere  about  20,000/.  per 
ainiu::i  might  be  the  gross  expense  of  continuously 
deaasing  the  City.  Mr.  Cochrane  estimates  it  at 
18,000.'.  But  whether  the  admitted  superior 
cleanliness  of  the  streets,  and  the  empiovment  of 
an  extra  number  of  people,  will  be  held  by  the 
citizens  to  be  worth  the  extra  money,  it  is  not  for 
me  to  say.  If,  howerer,  the  increased  cleanliness 
effected  by  the  street-orderlies  is  to  be  brought 
about  by  a  decrease  of  the  wages  of  the  regular 
from  165.  to  12*.  a  week,  which  is  the 
ifc  upon  which  Mr.  Cochrane  forms  his 
then  I  do  not  hesiUite  to  say  the  City 
aathonttes  will  be  gainers,  in  the  matter  of  poor- 
rates  at  least,  by  an  adherence  to  the  present 
method  of  scavaging,  paying  as  they  do  the  best 
wages,  and  indeed  affording  an  illustrious  ex- 
ample to  ail  the  metropolitan  parishes,  in  refusing 
to  grant  contracts  to  any  master  scavagers  but 
such  as  consent  to  deal  fciirly  with  the  men  in  their 
employ.  And  I  do  hope  and  trust,  for  the  sake  of 
the  working-men,  the  City  Commissioners  of 
Sewers  will,  should  they  decide  upon  having  the 
City  cleansed  continuously,  make  the  same  re- 
quirement of  Mr.  Cochrane,  before  they  allow  his 
street-orderlies  to  displace  the  regular  scavagers 
at  present  employed  there. 

Benefits  to  the  community,  gained  at  the  ex- 
pense of  "  the  people,"  are  really  great  evils.  The 
street-orderly  system  is  a  good  one  when  applied 
to  parishes  employing  paupers  and  paying  them 
1«.  1^  and  a  loaf  per  day,  or  even  nothing,  ex- 
cept tiieir  bod,  for  their  labour.  Here  it  elevates 
paupers  into  independent  labourers  ;  but,  applied 
to  those  localities  where  the  highest  wages  are 
paid,  and  there  is  the  greatest  regard  shown  for  the 
wel&re  of  the  workmen,  it  is  merely  a  scurf-system 
of  degrading  the  independent  labourers  to  the 
level  of  paupers,  by  reducing  the  wages  of  the 
regular  scavagers  from  16«.  to  12j.  per  week.  The 
avowed  object  of  the  street-orderly  system  is  to 
provide  employment  for  able-bodied  men,  and  so 
to  prevent  them  becoming  a  hurUim  to  the  parisL 
But  is  not  a  reduction  of  the  scavager's  wages 
to  ikm  cxtflBt  of  25  per  cent,  a  week,  more 
likdj  to  ene<mraf/e  than  to  prevent  such  a  result? 
This  is  the  weak  point  of  the  orderly  system,  and 
one  wlucfa  gentlemen  calling  themselves  p/dlan- 
Aropittt  akonld  really  bliuh  to  be  parties  to. 

AftwaB,  tiM  apomi  to  which  I  a.-n  led  is  thi<^— 
the  itreet-ordeilj  qratsm  it  incompacably  the  best 
■oda  •£  auwagiug,  and  the  payaaat  •£  the  men  by 
"  hdMuralW  masters  the  beat  mode  of  employing 
the  aeaTaganL  The  evils  of  the  scavaging  trade 
appear  to  me  to  spring  chiefly  from  the  parsimony 
of  tba  parish  authoritioe  srthar  eaqdoying  their 
own  paapers  without  adeanate  rimiimiwilMB,  or 
else  paying  soeh  prices  to  UMeoiiinatonaa  almost 
sccessicatca  the  ander-payment  of  the  men  in 
their  anploy.  Were  I  to  till  a  volume,  this  is  all 
that  caaU  be  said  on  th«  matter. 


Of  the 


Jet  and  Hose' 

SCAVAGINa. 


SrSTEM   OP 


TuERE  appears  at  the  present  time  a  bent  in  the 
public  mind  for  an  improved  system  of  scavagery. 
Until   the   ravages  of   the   cholera  in  1832,  and 
again  in  ISiS,  roused  the  attention  of  Government 
and  of  the  country,  men  seemed  satisfied  to  dwell 
in  dirty  streets,  and  to  congratulate    themselves 
that  the  public  ways  were  dirtier  in  the  days  of 
their  fathers ;  a  feeling  or  a  spirit  which  has  no 
doubt  existed  in  all  cities,  from  the  days  of  those 
original   scavagers,   the  vultures    and    hyenas  of 
Africa   and  the   East,  the  adjutants  of  Calcutta, 
and  the   hawks — the  common  glades  or  kites  of 
this  country — and  which,  we  are  told,  in  the  days 
of  Henry   VIII.   used    to   fly    down  among    the 
j  passengers  to  remove  the  offal  of  the  butchers  and 
j  poulterers'  stalls  in  the  metropolitan  markets,  and 
I  in  consideration  of  which  services  it  was  forbidden 
i  to  kill  them — down    to   the  mechanical  sweeping 
I  of    the    streets    of    London,    and    even    to    Mr. 
:  Cochrane's  excellent  street-orderlies. 
I       Besides  the  plan  suggested   by  Mr.  Cochrane, 
I  whose  orderlies  cleanse  the  streets  without  wet- 
I  ting,  and  consequently  without  dirtying,  the  sur- 
j  face  by  the  use  of  the  watering-cart,  there  is  the 
opposite  method  proposed  by  Mr.  Lee,  of  Sheffield, 
and    other    gentlemen,    who    recommend    street- 
cleansing  by  the  hose  and  jet,  that  is  to  say,  by 
flushing  the  streets  with  water  at  a  high  pressure, 
as    the  sewers    are  now    flushed ;     and  so,    by 
washing   rather  than  sicceping   the    dirt  of    the 
I  streets  into    the  sewers,  tlirough  the  momentum 
i  of  the  stream  of  water,  dispensing  altogether  with 
j  the  scavager's  broom,  shovel,  and  cart. 
I       In  order  to  complete  this  account  of  the  sca- 
I  vaging  of  the  streets  of  London,  I  must,  in  con- 
clusion, say  a  few  words  on  this  method,  advocated 
as  it  is  by  the  Board  of  Health,  and  sanctioned  by 
scientific  men.    By  the  aj/plication  of  a  hose,  with 
a  jet  or  water  pipe  attached  to  a  fire-plug,  the 
water  being  at  high  pressure,  a  stream  of  fluid  is 
projected  along  tlie  street's  surface  with  force  enough 
to  toash  away  all  before  it  into  the  sewers,  while 
by  the  same  apparatus  it  can  be  thrown  over  the 
fronts  of  the  houses.    This  mode  of  street-cleansing 
prevails    in    some    American  cities,  especially  in 
Philadelphia,  where  the    principal   thoroughfares 
are  said  to  be  kept  admirably  clean  by  it ;  while 
the  fronts  of  the  houses  are  as  bright  as  those  in 
the  towns  of  Holland,  where   they  are  washed, 
not  by  mechanical  appliances,  but  by  water  thrown 
over  them  out  of  scoops  by  hand  labour — one  of 
the  instances  of  the  minute  and  indefatigable  in- 
dustry of  the  Dutch. 

It  is  stated  in  one  of  the  Reports  of  the  Board 
of  Health,  that  "  unless  cleansing  be  general  and 
simultaneous,  much  of  the  dirt  of  one  district  ia 
carried  by  traffic  into  another.  By  the  subdivibion 
of  the  metropolis  into  small  districts,  the  duty  of 
cleansing  the  public  carriage-way  is  thrown  upon 
a  number  of  obscure  and  irresponsible  authorities  ; 
while  the  duty  of  cleansing  the  public  footways, 
which  are  no  less  important,  are  charged  upi)n 
multitudes  of  private  individuals."    [The  grammar 


276 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


is  the  l?oard  of  Health's  grammar,]  "  It  is  a  false 
pecuniary  economy,  in  the  case  of  the  poorest  in- 
habitants of  court  or  alley,  who  obtain  their  liveli- 
hood by  any  regular  occupation,  to  charge  upon 
each  family  the  duty  of  cleansing  the  footway 
before  their  doors.  The  performance  of  this  service 
daily,  at  a  rate  of  \d.  ^Kr  \ceek  per  house  or  per 
family,  would  be  an  economy  in  soap  and  clothes 
to  persons  the  average  value  of  whose  time  is  never 
less  than  2d.  per  hour."  [This  is  at  the  rate  of  25. 
a  day ;  did  this  most  innocent  Board  never  hear 
of  Avork  yielding  Is.  6cf.  a  week]  But  the 
sanitary  authorities  seem  to  be  as  fond  as  teeto- 
tallers of  "  going  to  extremes."] 

In  another  part  of  the  same  Report  the  process 
and  results  are  described.  It  is  also  stated  that 
for  the  success  of  this  method  of  street  purification 
the  pavement  must  be  good  ;  for  "  a  powerful  jet, 
applied  by  the  hose,  would  scoop  out  hollows  in 
unpaved  places,  and  also  loosen  and  remove  the 
stones  in  those  that  are  badly  paved."  As  every 
public  place  ought  to  be  well-paved,  this  necessity 
of  new  and  good  pavement  is  no  reasonable  objec- 
tion to  the  plan,  though  it  certainly  admits  of  a  ques- 
tion as  to  the  durability  of  the  roads — the  macada- 
mized especially — under  this  continual  soaking. 
Sir  Henry  Parnell,  the  great  road  authority,  speaks 
of  wet  as  the  main  destroyer  of  the  highways. 

It  is  stated  in  the  Report,  after  the  mention  of 
experiments  having  been  made  by  Mr.  Lovick, 
Mr.  Hale,  and  Mr.  Lee  (Mr.  Lee  being  one  of  the 
engineering  inspectors  of  the  Board),  that 

"  Mr.  Lovick,  at  the  instance  of  the  Metro- 
politan Commissioners  of  Sewers,  conducted  his 
experiments  with  such  jets  as  could  be  obtained 
from  the  water  companies*  mains  in  eligible  places; 
tut  the  pressure  was  low  and  insufficient.  Never- 
theless, it  appeared  that,  taking  the  extra  quan- 
tity of  water  required  at  the  actual  expense  of 
pumping,  the  paved  surfaces  might  be  washed 
clean  at  one-half  the  price  of  the  scavngers' 
manual  labour  in  sweeping.  Mr.  Lee's  trials 
were  made  at  Sheffield,  with  the  aid  of  a  more 
powerful  and  suitable  pressure,  and  he  found  that 
with  such  pressure  as  he  obtained  the  cleansing 
might  be  effected  in  one-third  the  time,  and  at 
one-third  the  usual  expense,  of  the  scavagers' 
labour  of  sweeping  the  surface  with  the  broom." 
[This  expense  varies,  and  the  Board  nowhere 
states  at  what  rate  it  is  computed ;  the  scavagers' 
wages  varying  100  per  cent.] 

"  The  effect  of  this  mode  of  cleansing  in  close 
courts  and  streets,"  it  is  further  stated,  "  was 
found  to  be  peculiarly  grateful  in  hot  weather. 
The  water  was  first  thrown  up  and  diffused  in  a 
thin  sheet,  it  was  then  applied  rapidly  to  clean- 
sing the  surface  and  the  side  walls,  as  well  as  the 
pavements."  Mr.  Lovick  states  that  the  immediate 
effect  of  this  operation  was  to  lower  the  tempera- 
ture, and  to  produce  a  sense  of  freshness,  similar 
to  that  experienced  after  a  heavy  thunder-shower 
in  hot  weather.  But  there  is  nothing  said  as  to 
the  probable  effect  of  this  state  of  things  in  win- 
ter— a  hard  frost  for  instance.  The  same  expedient 
was  resorted  to  for  cooling  the  yards  and  outer 
courts  of  hospitals,  and  the  shower  thrown  on  the 


windows  of  the  wards  afforded  great  relief.  Mr. 
Lovick,  in  his  Report  on  the  trial  works  for 
cleansing  courts,  states  : — 

"  The  importance  of  water  as  an  agent  in  the 
improvement  and  preservation  of  health  being  in 
proportion  to  tlie  unhealthiness  or  depressed  con- 
dition of  districts,  its  application  to  close  courts 
and  densely-populated  localities,  in  which  a  low 
sanitary  condition  must  obtain,  is  of  primary  im- 
portance. Having  shown  the  practicability  of 
applying  this  system  (cleansing  by  jets  of  water) 
to  the  general  cleansing  of  the  streets,  my  further 
labours  have  been,  and  are  now,  directed  to  this 
end. 

"  For  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  the  effect 
produced  by  operations  of  this  nature  upon  the 
atmosphere,  two  courts  were  selected  :  Church- 
passage,  New  Compton-street,  open  at  both  ends, 
with  a  carriage-way  in  the  centre,  and  footway 
on  each  side ;  and  Lloyd's-court,  Crown-street,  St. 
Giles's,  a  close  court,  with,  at  one  entrance,  a 
covered  passage  about  40  feet  in  length  :  both 
courts  were  in  a  very  filthy  condition;  in  Church- 
passage  there  were  dead  decaying  cats  and  fish, 
with  offal,  straw,  and  refuse  scattered  over  the 
sxurface  ;  at  one  end  an  entrance  to  a  private  yard 
was  used  as  a  urinal ;  in  every  part  there  were 
most  offensive  smells. 

"  Lloyd's-court  was  in  a  somewhat  similar 
condition,  the  covered  entrance  being  used  as  a 
general  urinal,  presenting  a  disgusting  appearance ; 
the  whole  atmosphere  of  the  court  was  loaded  with 
highly-offensive  effluvia  ;  in  the  covered  entrance 
this  was  more  particularly  discernible. 

"  The  property  of  water,  as  an  absorbent,  was 
rendered  strikingly  apparent  in  the  immediate 
and  marked  effects  of  its  application,  a  purity  and 
freshness  remarkably  contrasted  to  the  former 
close  and  foul  condition  prevailing  throughout. 
A  test  of  this,  striking  and  unexpected,  was  the 
change  at  different  periods  in  the  relative  condi- 
tion of  atmosphere  of  the  courts  and  of  the  con- 
tiguous streets.  In  their  ordinary  condition,  as 
might  have  been  expected,  the  atmosphere  was 
purer  in  the  streets  than  in  the  courts ;  it  was  to 
be  inferred  that  the  cleansing  would  have  more 
nearly  assimilated  these  conditions.  This  was 
not  only  the  case,  but  it  was  found  to  have 
effected  a  complete  change;  the  atmosphere  of 
the  courts  at  the  close  of  the  operations  being  far 
fresher  and  purer  than  the  atmosphere  of  the 
streets.  The  effect  produced  was  in  every  respect 
satisfactory  and  complete  ;  and  was  the  theme  of 
conversation  with  the  lookers-on,  and  with  the 
men  who  conducted  the  operations. 

"The  expense  of  these  operations,  including 
water,  would  be,  for — 

"Church-passage  (time,  five  minutes),  l\d. 

"  Lloyd's-court  (time,  ten  minutes),  3^^. 

"  Mr.  Hale,  another  officer,  gave  a  similar 
statement." 

Other  experiments  are  thus  detailed  : — 

"  Lascelles-court,  Broad-street,  St.  Giles's.  This 
court  was  pointed  out  to  me  as  one  of  the  worst 
in  London.  Before  cleansing  it  smelt  intolei'alle," 
[sic]  "  and  looked  disgusting.     Besides  an  abun- 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


277 


dance  of  ordinary  filth  arising  from  the  exposure 
of  refuse,  the  surface  of  the  court  contained  heaps 
of  human  excrement,  there  being  only  one  privy 
to  the  whole  court,  and  that  not  in  a  state  to  be 

publicly  used The  cleansing  operations 

were  commenced  by  sprinkling  the  court  with 
deodorising  fluid,  mixed  with  20  times  its  volume 
of  water;  a  great  change,  from  a  very  pungent 
odour  to  an  imperceptible  smell,  was  immediately 
effected ;  after  which  the  refuse  of  the  court  was 
washed  away,  and  the  pavement  thoroughly 
cleansed  by  the  hose  and  jet ;  and  now  this  place, 
which  before  was  in  a  state  almost  indescribable, 
presented  an  appearance  of  comparative  comfort 
and  respectability." 

It  is  stated  as  the  result  of  another  experiment 
in  "  an  ordinary  wide  street  with  plenty  of  traffic," 
that  "  water-carts  and  ordinary  rains  only  create 
the  mud  which  the  jet  entirely  removes,  giving  to 
the  pavement  the  appearance  of  having  been  as 
thoroughly  cleansed  as  the  private  stone  steps  in 
front  of  the  houses." 

With  respect  to  Mr.  Lee's  experiments  in 
Sheffield,  I  find  that  Messrs.  Guest,  of  Rother- 
ham,  are  patentees  of  a  tap  for  the  discharge 
of  water  at  high  pressures,  and  that  they  had 
adapted  their  invention  to  the  purpose  of  a  fire- 
plug and  stand  pipe  suitable  for  street-cleansing  by 
the  hose  and  jet.  -Church-street,  one  of  the  prin- 
cipal thoroughfares,  was  experimentally  cleansed 
by  this  process  :  "The  carriage-way  is  from  20 
to  24  feet  wide,  and  about  150  yards  long.  It 
WM  washed  almost  as  clean  as  a  house-floor  in  five 
minutes."  Mr.  Lee  expresses  his  conviction  that, 
by  the  agency  of  the  hose  and  jet,  every  street  in 
that  populous  borough  might  be  cleansed  at  about 
1*.  per  annum  for  each  house.  "  The  principal 
thoroughfares,"  he  states,  "  could  be  thus  made 
perfectly  clean,  three  times  every  week,  before 
business  hours,  and  the  minor  streets  and  lanes 
twice,  or  once  per  week,  at  later  hours  in  the  day, 
by  the  agency  of  an  abundant  supply  of  water, 
at  lest  than  half  the  sum  necessary  for  the  cartage 
alone  of  an  equal  quantity  of  refuse  in  a  solid  or 
semi-fluid  condition." 

The  highways  most  frequented  in  Sheffield  con- 
stitute about  one-half  of  the  whole  extent  of  the 
streets  and  roads  in  the  borough,  measuring  47 
miles.  This  length,  Mr.  Lee  computes,  might  be 
effectually  cleansed  with  the  hose  and  jet,  ten 
miles  of  it  three  times  a  week,  21  miles  twice  a 
week,  and  16  miles  once  a  week,  a  total  of 
83  miles  weekly,  or  4576  miles  yearly.  The 
qu.-intity  of  Water  required  would  be  3000  gallons 
a  mile,  or  a  yearly  total  of  13,728,000  gallons. 
This  water  might  be  supplied,  Mr.  Lee  opines,  at 
!(/.  per  1000  gallons  (57^.  is.  per  annum),  although 
the  price  obtained  by  the  Water- works  Company 
was  64c/.  per  1000 gallons  (371/.  16«.  per  annum). 
*'  I  now  proceed/'  he  says,  "  to  the  cost  of  labour : 
4676  miles  per  annum  is  equal  to  14^  miles  for 
each  working  day,  or  to  six  sets  of  two  men 
cleansing  2^  miles  per  day  each  set  To  these 
mutt  be  added  three  horses  and  carts,  and  three 
carters,  for  the  removal  of  such  cUbris  as  cannot 
be  washed  away  and  for  such  part*  of  the  town  as 


cannot  be  cleansed  by  this  system,  making  a  total 
of  fifteen  men.  Their  wages  I  would  fix  at  50/. 
per  annum  each.     The  estimate  is  as  follows  : — 

"Annual  interest  upon    the    first   cost 

of  hose  and  pipes,  three  horses  and  £ 

carts 30 

Fifteen  men's  wages     ....  750 

Three  horses'  provender       .         .         .  150 

Wear,  tear,  and  depreciation  of  hose,  &c.  250 
Management  and  incidentals,  say  .         .120 


£1300." 


The  estimate,  it  will  be  seen,  is  based  on  the 
supposition  that  the  icater  supj>ly  should  le  at 
the  public  cost,  and  not  a  specific  charge  for  the 
purposes  of  street-cleansing. 

The  47  miles  of  highway  of  Sheffield  is  but 
three  miles  less  than  those  of  the  city  of  London, 
the  cost  of  cleansing  which  is,  according  to  the 
estimate  before  given,  no  less  than  18,000/. 

The  Sheffield  account  is  divested  of  all  calcula- 
tions as  to  house-dust  and  ashes,  and  the  dftarge 
for  watering-carts  ;  but,  taking  merely  the  sum 
paid  to  scavaging  contractors,  and  assigning  1000/. 
(out  of  the  2485/.),  as  the  proportion  of  salaries, 
&c.,  under  the  department  of  scavagery  in  the 
management  of  the  City  Commissioners,  we  find 
that  while  the  expense  of  street-cleansing  by  the 
Sheffield  hose  and  jet  was  little  more  than 
34/.,  in  London,  by  the  ordinary  mode,  it  was 
upwards  of  140/.  per  mile,  or  more  than  four 
times  as  much.  The  hose  and  jet  system  is 
said  to  have  washed  the  streets  of  Sheffield  as 
clean  as  a  house-floor,  which  could  not  be  said  of 
it  in  London.  The  streets  of  the  City,  it  should 
also  be  borne  in  mind,  are  now  swept  daily ; 
Mr.  Lee  proposes  only  a  periodical  cleaning  for 
Sheffield,  or  once,  twice,  and  thrice  a  week.  Of 
the  cost  of  the  experiments  made  in  London  with 
the  hose  and  jet,  in  Lascelles-coiurt,  &c.,  nothing  is 
said. 

Street-cleansing  by  the  hose  and  jet  is,  then,  as 
yet  but  an  experiment.  It  has  not,  like  the  street- 
orderly  mode,  been  tested  continuously  or  sys- 
tematically ;  but  the  experiments  are  so  curious  and 
sometimes  so  startling  in  their  results  that  it  was 
necessary  to  give  a  brief  account  of  them  here,  in 
order  to  render  this  account  of  the  cleansing  of  the 
streets  of  the  metropolis  as  comprehensive  as  pos- 
sible.  For  my  own  part,  I  must  confess  the 
street-orderly  system  appears  to  excel  all  other 
modes  of  scavagery,  producing  at  once  the  greatest 
cleanliness  with  the  greatest  employment  to  the 
poor.  Nor  am  I  so  convinced  as  the  theoretic  and 
crotchety  Board  of  Health  as  to  the  healthfulness 
of  dampness,  or  the  daily  evaporation  of  a  sheet  of 
even  clean  water  equal  in  extent  to  the  entire  sur- 
face of  the  London  streets.  It  is  certainly  doubtful, 
to  say  the  least,  whether  so  much  additional  mois- 
ture might  improve  the  public  health,  which  the 
Board  are  instituted  to  protect;  rain  certainly  con- 
tributes to  cleanliness,  and  yet  no  one  would 
advocate  continued  wet  weather  as  a  source  of 
general  convalescence. 

I  shall  conclude  this  account  of  the  scavaging 


278 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR, 


of  London,  with  the  following  brief  statement  as 
to  the  mode  in  which  these  matters  are  conducted 
abroad. 

In  Paris,  where  our  system  of  parochial  legis- 
lation and  management  is  unknown,  the  scavag- 
ing  of  tlie  streets — so  frequently  matters  of  private 
speculation  with  us — is  under  the  immediate 
direction  of  the  municipality,  and  the  Govern- 
ment publish  the  returns,  as  they  do  of  the  revenue 
of  their  capital  from  the  abattoirs,  the  interments, 
and  other  sources. 

In  the  Moniteur  for  December  10,  1848,  it 
is  stated  that  the  refuse  of  the  streets  of  Paris 
sells  for  500,500  francs  (20,020/.),  when  sold  by 
auction  in  the  mass ;  and  3,800,000  francs  (equal 
to  152,000Z.)  when,  after  having  lain  in  the 
proper  receptacles,  until  fit  for  manure,  it  is  sold 
by  the  cubic  foot.  In  1823,  the  streets  of  Paris 
were  leased  for  75,000  francs  (3000/.)  per  annum 
in  1831  the  value  was  166,000  francs  (6640/.); 
and  since  1845  the  price  has  risen  to  the  sum  first 
named,  viz.,  500,500  francs  (20,020/.);  from 
whickj  however,  is  to  be  deducted  the  expense  of 
cleansing,  &c.  I  may  add,  that  the  receptacles 
alluded  to  are  large  places  provided  by  Govern- 
ment, v/here  the  manure  is  deposited  and  left  to 
ferment  for  twelve  or  eighteen'months. 

Of  the  Cost  and  Traffic  of  the  Streets 
OF  London. 
I  HAVE,  at  page  183  of  the  present  volume,  given 
a  brief  statement  of  the  annual  cost  attending  the 
keeping  of  the  streets  of  the  metropolis  in  work- 
ing order. 

The  formation  of  the  streets  of  a  capital  like 
London,  the  busiest  in  the  world — streets  traversed 
daily  by  what  Cowper,  even  in  his  day,  described 
as  "the  ten  thousand  wheels"  of  commerce — is 
an  elaborate  and  costly  work. 

In  my  former  account  I  gave  an  estimate  which 
referred  to  the  amount  dispensed  weekly  in 
wages  for  the  labour  of  the  workmen  engaged  in 
laying  down  the  paved  roads  of  the  metropolis. 
This  was  at  the  rate  of  100,000/.  per  week;  that 
is  to  say,  calculating  the  operation  of  relaying  the 
streets  to  occupy  one  year  in  every  five,  there  is 
no  less  than  5,200.000/.  expended  in  that  time 
among  the  workpeople  so  engaged.  The  sum 
expended  in  labour  for  the  continued  repairs  of 
the  roads,  after  being  so  relaid,  appears  to  be 
about  20,000/.  per  week*,  or,  in  round  numbers, 
about  1,000,000/.  a  year;  so  that  the  gross  sum 
annually  disbursed  to  the  labourers  engaged  in 
the  construction  of  the  roads  of  London  would 
seem  to  be  about  2,250,000/.,  that  is  to  say, 
1,000,000/.  for  repairing  the  old  roads,  and 
1,250,000/.  per  annum  for  laying  down  new  ones 
in  their  place. 

It  now  remains  for  me  to  set  forth  the  gross 
cost  of  the  metropolitan  highways,  that  is  to  say, 
the  sura  annually  expended  in  both  labour  and 
materials,  as  well  for  relaying  as  for  repairing 
the  roads. 

The  granite-built  streets   cost,    when   relaid, 

*  At  p.  133  the  sum  of  Ift,22.'/.  is  said  to  be  expended 
in  repairs  annually  ;  it  should  have  been  weekly. 


about  11,000/.  the  mile,  of  ten  yards'  width, 
which  is  at  the  rate  of  12«.  6c/.  the  square  yard, 
materials  and  labour  included,  the  granite  (Aber- 
deen) being  1/.  5s.  per  ton,  and  one  ton  of  "  seven- 
inch"  being  sufficient  to  cover  about  three  square 
yards. 

The  average  cost  of  a  macadamized  road, 
materials  and  labour  included,  if  constructed  from 
the  foundation,  is  about  4400/.  per  street  mile 
(ten  yards  wide) — 5s.  the  superficial  j-urd  being  a 
fair  price  for  materials  and  labour. 

"Wood  pavement,  on  the  other  hand,  costs  about 
9680/.  a  mile  of  ten  yards'  width  for  materials 
and  labour,  which  is  at  the  rate  of  II5.  the  super- 
ficial yard. 

The  cost  of  rejyairs,  materials  and  labour  in- 
cluded, is,  for  granite  pavement  about  l.^c/.  per 
square  yard,  or  100/.  the  street  mile  of  ten  yards 
wide;  for  "Macadam"  it  is  from  6d.  to  35.  6d., 
or  an  average  of  Is.  Qd.  per  superficial  yard,  which 
is  at  the  rate  of  1320/.  the  street  mile;  while  the 
wood  pavement  costs  about  the  same  for  repairs  as 
the  granite. 

The  total  cost  of  repairing  the  streets  of  London, 
then,  may  be  taken  as  follows  : — 

Kepairing    gnmite-built    streets,  per  £ 

mile  of  ten  yards  wide          .         .  100 

Repairing    macadamized    roads,   per 

street  mile 1320 

Repairing  wood  pavement,  per  street 

mile 100 

Or,  as  a  total  for  all  London, — 

Repairing  400  miles  of  granite-built 

streets,  at  100/.  per  mile       .         .  40,000 

Repairing  1350  miles  of  macadam- 
ized streets,  at  1320/.  per  mile      .     1,782,000 

Repairing    five    miles    of  wood,  at 

100/.  per  mile     .        .        ,        .  500 


£1,822,500 


The  following,  on  the  other  hand,  may  be  taken 
as  the  total  cost  of  reconstructing  the  London 
streets : — 

Granite-built  streets,  per  mile  ten  yards  £ 

wide 11,000 

Macadamized  streets,  per  street  mile  4,400 

Wood                   „             „              .  9,680 

Or,  as  a  total  for  the  entire  streets  and  roads 

of  London, — 

Relaying  400  miles  of  granite-built 
streets,  at  11,000/.  per  mile  . 

Relaying  1350  miles  of  macadam- 
ized streets,  at  4400/.  per  mile 

Relaying  five  miles  of  wood-built 
streets,  at  9680/. 


£ 
4,400,000 

5,940,000 

48.400 


£10,388,400 

But  the  above  refers  only  to  the  road,  and  be- 
sides this,  there  is,  as  a  gentleman  to  whom  I  am 
much  indebted  for  valuable  information  on  the 
subject,  reminds  me,  the  foot  paving,  granite 
curb,  and  granite  channel  not  included.  The 
usual  price  for  pavinff  is  8c/.  per  foot  superficial. 


L0XD02T  LABOUR  AND  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


279 


when  laid — granite  curb  1*.  7(?.  per  foot  run,  and 
granite  channel  12*.  per  square  yard. 

"  Now,  presuming  that  three-fourths  of  the 
roads,"  says  my  informant,  "have  paved  foot- 
paths on  each  side  at  an  average  width  of  six 
feet  exclusive  of  curb,  and  that  one-half  of  the 
macadamized  roads  have  granite  channels  on  each 
side,  and  that  one-third  of  all  the  roads  have 
granite  curb  on  each  side;  these  items  for  400 
miles  of  granite  road,  1350  macadamized,  and 
5  miles  of  wood — together  1755  miles — will  there- 
fore amount  to 

£  s.d. 
Three-fourths  of  1755  miles  of 

streets   paved  on  each  side, 

six  feet  wide,  at  Zd.  per  foot 

superBcial  ....  2,779,392  0  0 
One-half  of  1 350  miles  of  maca- 
damized roads  with  one  foot 

of  granite  channel  on  each 

side,  at  I2s.  per  yard  square  .  458,587  4  5 

One-third  of  1 755  miles  of  road 

with  granite  curb   on   each 

side,  at  \s.  7d.  per  foot  run .         489,060  0  0 


3,726,989  4  5 
Cost  of  constructing  1755  miles 

of  roadway        .         .        .     10,388,400  0  0 


Total  cost  of  constmcting  the 
streets  of  London        .         .  £14,115,389  4  5 

"  Accordingly  the  original  cost  of  the  metropolitan 
pavements  exceeds  fourteen  millions  sterling,  and, 
calculating  that  this  requires  renewal  every  five 
years,  the  gross  annual  expenditure  will  be  at  the 
mte  of  2,500,000/.  per  annum,  which,  added  to 
1,822,500/.,  gives  i,322,500/.,  or  upwards  of  four 
millions  and  a  quarter  sterling  for  the  entire  annual 
cost  of  the  London  roadways. 

"  From  rather  extensive  experience,"  adds  my 
informant,  "in  building  operations,  and  conse- 
quently in  making  and  paying  for  roads,  I  am  of 
opinion  that  the  amount  I  have  shown  is  under 
rather  than  above  the  actual  cost. 

"  In  a  great  many  parts  of  the  metropolis  the 
roads  are  made  by  the  servants  of  a  body  of  Com- 
missioncn  appointed  for  the  purpose ;  and  from 
dear-bought  experience  I  can  say  they  are  a  pub- 
lie  nuisance,  aud  would  earnestly  caution  specu- 
lating builders  against  taking  building  ground  or 
erecting  hou«eB  in  any  place  where  the  roads  are 
under  their  control.  The  Commissioners  are  gene- 
rally old  retired  tradesmen,  aud  have  very  little  to 
occupy  their  attention,  and  are  often  quite  ignorant 
of  their  duties;  I  haTe  reason  to  believe,  too,  that 
some  of  them  even  use  their  little  authority  to 
gratify  their  dislike  to  some  poor  builder  in  their 
district,  by  meddling  and  quibbling,  and  while 
that  is  going  on  the  houses  which  have  been 
erected  can  neither  be  let  nor  sold ;  k  that  as 
the  bills  given  for  the  materials  keep  running, 
the  builder,  when  they  fall  due,  is  ruined,  for 
his  creditors  will  not  tike  his  unlet  houses 
for  their  debts,  and  no  one  else  will  pur- 
chase them   until   let,   for  none  will  rent  them 


without  proper  accesses.  I  feel  certain  that  ia 
those  parts  where  the  roads  are  m.ide  by  Com- 
missioners three  times  more  builders,  in  proportion 
to.  their  number,  get  into  difficulties  than' in  the 
districts  where  they  are  permitted  to  make  the 
roads  themselves." 

The  paved  ways  and  roads  of  London,  then,  it 
appears,  cost  in  round  numbers  10,000,000/. 
sterling,  and  require  nearly  2,000,000/.  to  be 
expended  upon  them  annually  for  repairs. 

But  this  is  not  the  sole  expense  attendant  upon 
the  construction  of  the  streets  of  the  metropolis. 
Frequently,  in  the  formation  of  new  lines  of 
thoroughfare,  large  masses  of  property  have  to 
be  bought  up,  removed,  and  new  buildings  erected 
at  considerable  cost  In  a  return  made  pursuant 
to  an  order  of  the  Court  of  Common  Council, 
dated  23rd  October,  1851,  for  "An  account  of  all 
moneys  which  have  been  raised  for  public  works 
executed,  buildings  erected,  or  street  improve- 
ments effected,  out  of  the  Coal  Duties  receivable 
by  the  Corporation  of  London  in  the  character  of 
trustees  for  administration  or  otherwise,  sinoe  the 
same  were  made  chargeable  by  Parliament  for 
such  purposes  in  the  year  1760,"  the  following 
items  are  given  relating  to  the  cost  of  the  forma- 
tion  of  new   streets   and   improvements   of  old 


Street  Improvements  for^ning  Nexo 
Thoroughfares. 

Amount  raised 
for  Public 
Works,  &c. 

Building  the  bridge   across    the   river  £.      s.  d. 

Thames,  from  Bhitkfiiars,  in  the  city 
of  Loudon,  to  Upper  Ground-street,  in 
the  county  of  .Surrey,  now  cilltnl 
Blackfriars  Bridge,  and  forming  the 
avenues  thereto,  and  embanking  the 
north  abutment  of  the  said  bridge — 
(Entrusted  to  the  Corporation  ot  the 
city  of  London) 210,000    0    0 

Makmg  a  new  line  of  streets  from  Moor- 
fields,  opposite  Chiswell-street,  to- 
wards the  cast  into  Bishopsgate-street 
(now  Crown-street  and  Sun-street), 
also  from  the  east  end  of  Chiswell- 
street  westward  into  Barbican— (Cor- 
poration of  the  city  of  London) .        .        IC,iX)0    0    0 

Making  a  new  street  from  Crispin-street, 
near  Spitalfields  Church,  into  Bishops- 
gate  street  (now  called  Union-street), 
in  the  city  of  London  and  in  the 
countyof  Middlesex— (Commissioners 
nametl  in  Act  1»,  George  IiL,c.  711)    •         !>.000    0    0 

Opening  communications  b.-tween  Wap- 
ningstreet  and  IlatclHfe-highway,  and 
between  Old  Gravcl-lanc  and  Virginia- 
street,  all  in  the  county  of  Middlesex 
—  (Conunissioners  ap|)ointed  under 
Act  17.  Geo.  IIL,c.  2i)  .        .        .         1,()00    0    0 

Formation  of  F.-irringdon-strcet,  removal 
of  Fleet-market,  and  erection  of  Far- 
ringdon-market,  in  the  city  of  London 
—(Cori)oration  of  the  city  of  London).     2.W,000    0    0 

Formation  of  a  new  street  from  the  end 
of  Coventry-street  to  the  junction  of 
Newport-street  and  Longiicre  (Cran- 
Ixmrn-strcet),  continuing  the  line  of 
.•■trett  from  Waterloo  Bridge,  already 
completed  to  Bow-street  (Upi>or  Wef- 
lington-strect»,.and  thence  northward 
into  Broad-street,  llolboin.nnd  tlunce 
to  Charlotte-street,  Blf)omM!)ury,  ex- 
tending Oxford-street  in  a  direct  line 
througli  St.  (JiUs's,  so  ns  to  commimi- 
cate  with  iiolbom  at  or  near  South- 
ampton-street (New  Oxford-street); 
alto    widening     the    northern     and 


280 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


£ 

436,500 


Brought  forward 
southern  extremities  of  Leman-street, 
Goodman's-fields,  and  formins;  a  new 
street    from    the    northern    side    of 
Wliitechapel  to  the  front  of  Spital- 
lields     Church     (Commercial-street), 
and  forming  a  new  street  from  Rose- 
mary-lane to  East  Smithfield,  near  to 
the  entrance  of    the  London -docks ; 
also  formation  of  a  street  from  the 
neighbourhood  of  tlie  Houses  of  Par- 
liament towards  Buckingham  Palace, 
in  the  city  of  Westminster  (Victoria- 
street),  all  in  the  county  of  Middlesex; 
also  formation  of  a  line  of  new  street 
between  Southwark  and  Westminster 
Bridges,   in    the  county   of  Surrey — 
(Her     Majesty's     Commissioners    of 
Woods,  Forests,  and  Land  Revenues)      GTo.OtK)    0    0 
Note — The   Commissioners  of   Her 
Majesty's  Woods  have  been  autho- 
rised to  raise  further  moneys  on  the 
credit  of  the  duty  of  Id.  per  ton  for 
further  improvements  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of   Spitalfields,    but  the 
Chamberlain  is  not  officially  cogni- 
zant of  the  amount. 
Forming  a  new  street  from  the  northern 
end  of  Victoria-street,  Holbom  (formed 
by  the  Corporation  to  Clerkenwell- 
green,  all  in  the  county  of  Middlesex) 
— (Clerkenwell    Improvement    Com- 
missioners)       25,f'00    0    0 

Formation  of  a  new  line  of  streets  from 
King  William-street,  London  Bridge, 
to  the  south  side  of  St.  Paul's  Cathe- 
dral, by  widening;  and  improving 
Cannon-street,  making  a  new  street 
from  Cannon-street,  near  Bridge- row, 
to  Queen-street,  and  another  street 
from  the  west  side  of  Queen-street,  in 
a  direct  line  to  St.  Paul's-churchyard, 
and  widening  Queen-street,  from  the 
junction  of  the  said  new  street  to 
Southwark  Bridge;  also  improving 
Holbom  Bridge  and  Field-lane,  and 
effecting  an  improvement  in  Grace- 
church-streeet  and  Ship  Tavern-pas- 
sage, all  in  the  city  of  London— (Cor- 
poration of  the  city  of  London)  .  .  500,000  0  0 
Finishing  the  new  street  left  incomplete 
by  the  Clerkenwell  Imf)rovement  Com- 
missioners, from  the  end  of  Victoria- 
street,  Farringdon-street,  to  Coppice- 
row,  Clerkenwell,  all  in  the  county  of 
Middlesex— (Corporation  of  the  City 
of  London) 00,000    0    0 


Total  cost  of  forming  the  above-men- 
tioned new  thoroughfares    .       .        .    1,764,.500    0 

Lnproving  existing  Thoroughfares. 
Improving  existing  approaches,  and 
forming  new  approaches  to  new  Lon- 
don Bridge,  viz.,  in  High-street, 
Tooley-street,  Montague-close,  Pep- 
per-alley, Whitehorse-court,  Chequer- 
court,  Chaingate,  Churchyard-passage, 
St.  Saviour's  churchyard.  Carter-lane, 
Boar's-head-place,  Fryingpan-alley, 
Green  Dragon-court,  Joyner-street, 
Red  Lion-street,  Counter-street,  Three 
Crown-court,  and  the  east  front  of 
the  Town  Hall,  all  in  the  Borough  of 
Southwark;  also  ground  and  premises 
at  the  north-west  foot  of  London 
Bridge,  Upper  Thames-street,  Red- 
cross-wharf,  Mault's-wharf,  High 
Timber-street  and  Broken-wharf, 
Swan -passage.  Churchyard-alley,  site 
of  Fishmonger's  Hall,  Great  Eaat- 
cheap.  Little  Eastcheap,  Star-court, 
Fish-street-hill,  Little  Tower-street, 
Idol-lane,  St.  Mary-at-hill,  Crooked- 
lane.  Miles-lane,  Three  Tun-alleyf 
Warren-court,  Cannon-street,  Grace- 
church-street,  Bell-yard,  Martin's-lane, 
Nicholas-lane,  Clement's-lane,  Ab- 
church-lane,  Sherbome-lane,  Swi- 
thin's-lane,  Comhill,  Lombard-street, 
Dove-court,  Fox  Ordinary<ourt,  Old 


Post  Office  Chambers,  Mansion-house- 
street,  Princes-street,  Coleman-street, 
Coleman-street-buildings,  Moorgate- 
street,  London  Wall,  Lothbury, 
Tokenhouse-yard,  King's  Arms-yard, 
Great  Bell  alley,  Packer's-court, 
White's-alley,  Great  Swan-alley, 
Crown-court,  George-yard,  Red  Lion- 
court,  Cateaton-street,  Gresham-street, 
Milk-street,  Wood-street,  King-street, 
Basinghali  street,  Houndsditch,  Lad- 
lane,  Threadneedle-street,  Aldgate 
High-street,  and  Maiden-lane,  all  in 
the  City  of  London— (Corporation  of 
the  City  of  London)      .... 

Widening  and  improving  the  entrance 
into  London  ne.ir  Temple-bar,  im- 
proving the  Strand  and  Fleet-street, 
and  formation  of  Piekett-street,  and 
for  making  a  new  street  from  the 
east  end  of  Snow-hill  to  the  bottom  of 
Holborn-hill,  now  called  Skinner- 
street— (Corporation  of  the  City  of 
London)  

Wideninjj  and  improving  Dirty-lane  and 
part  of  Brick-lane,  leading  from  White- 
chapel  to  Spitalfields,  and  for  pavmg 
Dirty-lane,  Petticoat-lane,  Went- 
worth-street.  Old  Montague-street. 
Chapel-street,  Princes-row,  &c..  all  m 
the  county  of  Middlesex— (Commis- 
sioners appointed  by  the  Act  18,  Geo. 
IIL.c.SO) 

Widening  the  avenues  from  the  Mmo- 
ries,  through  Goodman's-yard  into 
Prescott-street,  and  through  Swan- 
street  and  Swan-alley  into  Mansell- 
street,  and  from  Whitechapel  through 
Somerset-street  into  Great  Mansell- 
street,  all  in  the  county  of  Middlesex 
— (Commissioners  named  in  Act  18, 
George  IIL,  c.  50)  .... 

Total  cost  of  improving  the  above- 
mentioned  thoroughfares 

Paving. 

Paving  the  road  from  Aldersgate  Bars  to 
turnpike  in  Goswell-street,  in  the 
county  of  Middlesex — (Commissioners 
Sewers,  &c.,  of  the  City  of  London)  . 

Completing  the  paving  of  the  ^mxi 
borough  of  Southwark  and  certain 
parts  adjacent — (Commissioners  for 
executing  Act  6,  George  III.,  for  pav- 
ing town  and  borough  of  Southwark) 

Total  cost  of  paving  the  above-men- 
tioned thoroughfares     .... 


1,016,421  18    1 


246,300    0    0 


1,500    0    0 


1,.500    0    0 


1,265,721  13    1 


5,500    0    0. 


4,000    0    0 


9.500    0    0 


Hence  the  aggregate  expense  of  the  preceding 
improvements  has  been  upwards  of  3,000,000^. 
sterling. 

I  have  now,  in  order  to  complete  this  account 
of  the  cost  of  paving  and  cleansing  the  thorough- 
fares of  the  metropolis,  only  to  add  the  following 
statement  as  to  the  traffic  of  the  principal  thorough- 
fares in  the  city  of  London,  for  which  I  am  in- 
debted to  Mr.  Haywood,  the  City  Surveyor. 

By  the  subjoined  Return  it  will  be  seen  that 
there  are  two  tides  as  it  were  in  the  daily  current 
of  locomotion  in  the  City — the  one  being  at  its 
flood  at  11  o'clock  a.m.,  after  which  it  falls 
gradually  till  2  o'clock,  when  it  is  at  its  lowest 
ebb,  and  then  begins  to  rise,  gradually  till 
5  o'clock,  when  it  reaches  its  second  flood,  and 
then  begins  to  decline  once  more.  The  point 
of  greatest  trafl^c  in  the  City  is  London-bridge, 
where  the  conveyances  passing  and  repassing 
amount  to  13,099  in  the  course  of  twelve  hours*. 

«  At  p.  105  the  traffic  of  London  Bridge  is  stated  to  be 
13,(KX)  conveyances  per  hour,  instead  of  per  12  hours. 


THE    RUBBISH    CARTER. 

[From  a  Daguemotypt  by  Beard.] 


LOyDOy  LABOUR  A2^D  THE  LOXDON  POOR, 


281 


Of  these  it  would  appear,  that  9351  consist  of  one- 
horse  vehiclea  and  equestrians,  3389  of  two- 
horse  conveyances,  and  only  359  of  vehicles 
draATn  by  more  than  two  horses.  The  one-horse 
Tehicles  would  seem  to  be  between  two  and  three 
times  as  many  as  the  two-horse,  which  form  about 
one-fourth  of  the  whole,  while  those  drawn  by 
more  than  two  horses  constitute  about  one- 
^tieth  of  the  entire  number. 

The  Return  does  not  mention  the  state  of  the 
■weather  on  the  several  days  and  hours  at  which 
the  observations  were  made,  nor  does  it  tell  us 
whether  there  wa«  any  public  event  occurring  on 
those  days  which  waa  likely  to  swell  or  diminish 
the  traffic  beyond  its  usual  proportions.  The  table, 
moreover,  it  should  be  remembered,  is  confined  to 
the  observations  of  only  one  day  in  each  locality,  so 
that  we  must  be  guarded  hi  receiving  that  which 
records  a  mere  accidental  set  of  circumstances  as 
an  example  of  the  general  course  of  events.  It 
would  have  been  curious  to  have  extended  the 
observationa  throughout  the  night,  and  so  have 
ascertained  the  difference  in  the  traffic;  and  also 
to  have  noted  the  decrease  in  the  number  of 
vehicles  passing  durinjr  a  continuously  wet  ;is  well 
as  a  showery  day.  The  observaiions  should  be 
further  carried  out  to  different  seasons,  in  order 
to  be  rendered  of  the  highest  value.  Mr.  Haywood 
and  the  City  authorities  would  really  be  conferring 
a  great  boon  on  the  public  by  so  doing. 
0?  THB  Rubbish  Cabtkhs. 
Thb  public  cleansing  trade,  I  have  before  said, 
eoDsists  of  as  many  divisions  as  there  are  distinct 
species  of  refuse  to  be  removed,  and  these  appear 
to  be  four.  There  is  the  Aoiwe-refuse,  consisting 
of  two  different  kinds,  as  (1)  the  wet  house-refuse 
or  "slops,"  and  "night-soil,"  and  (2)  the  dry 
house-refuse,  or  dust  and  soot;  and  there  is  the 
itrtet-nhiae,  also  consisting  of  two  distinct  kinds, 
as  (3)  the  wet  street-refuse,  or  mud  and  dirt;  and 
(4)  the  dry  street-refuse  or  "  rubbish." 

I  now  purpose  dealing  with  the  labourers  en- 
gaged in  the  collection  and  removal  of  the  last- 
mentioned  kind  of  refuse. 

Technologically  there  are  several  varieties  of 
" rubbish,"  or  rather  " dirt"  for  such  appears  to 
be  the  generic  term,  of  which  "rubbish"  is 
ttricUjf  a  species.  Dirt,  according  to  the  under- 
standing among  the  rubbish-carters,  would  seem 
to  conust  rf  any  solid  earthy  matter,  which  is  of 
an  useless  or  refuse  character.  This  dirt  the  trade 
divides  into  two  distinct  kinds,  viz.  : — 

1.  "  Soft  dirt, '  or  refuse  clay  (of  which  "  dry 
dirt/'  or  refuse  soil  or  mould,  is  a  variety). 

2.  "  Hard-dirt,"  or  **  bard<ore,"  consisting  of 
the  refuse  bricks,  chimney-pots,  slates,  &c.,  when 
a  house  is  pulled  down,  as  well  as  the  broken 
bottles,  pans,  pots,  or  crocks,  and  oyster-shells, 
kc,  which  fona  part  of  the  contaots  of  the  dust- 
man's cart. 

Tb«  phtas«  ''bard-core"*  seems   strictly  to 


*  The  con  in  this  tenn  m*y  bt  a  eorruptlon  of  the 
SaxoQ  Cbt,  «  rock,  r.itbrr  than  that  which  would  nt 
fintranffcit  itaeil  «  r  /..the  Latin  ear,  the 

hcwrt.    Hanteon  "mr,  '>e«n  hard  rock-lil(o 

rubbUh.  imc*ad  of  l-  »iAh  hartiic  a  hard 

nucleus  or  heart. 


mean  all  such  refuse  matter  as  will  admit  of 
being  used  as  the  foundation  of  roads,  buildings, 
&c.  "  Rubbish,"  on  the  other  hand,  appears  to 
be  limited,  by  the  trade,  to  "  dry  dirt ;"  out  of  the 
trade,  however,  and  etymological ly  speaking,  it 
signifies  all  such  dry  and  hard  refuse  matter  as  is 
rendered  useless  by  wear  and  tear*.  The  term 
dirt,  on  the  other  hand,  is  generally  applied  to 
soft  refuse  matter,  and  dtist  to  dry  refuse  matter 
in  a  state  of  minute  division,  while  slops  is  the 
generic  term  for  all  xott  or  liquid  refuse  matter. 
I  shall  here  restrict  the  term  rubbish  to  all  that 
dry  and  hard  refuse  matter  which  is  the  residuum 
of  certain  worn-out  or  "used-up"  earthen  com- 
modities, as  well  as  the  surplus  earth  which  is 
removed  whenever  excavations  are  made,  either 
for  the  building  of  houses,  the  cutting  of  railways, 
the  levelling  of  roads,  the  laying  down  of  pipes  or 
drains,  and  the  sinking  of  wells. 

The  commodities  whose  residuum  goes  to  swell 
the  annual  supply  of  rulhish,  are  generally  of  an 
earthy  nature.  Such  commodities  as  are  made  of 
fibrous  or  textile  materials,  go,  when  "used  up," 
chiefly  to  form  manure  if  of  an  animal  nature,  and 
to  be  converted  into  paper  if  of  a  vegetable  origin. 
The  refuse  materials  of  our  woollen  clothes,  our 
old  coats  and  trousers,  are  either  torn  to  pieces 
and  re-manufactured  into  shoddy,  or  become  the 
invigorators  of  our  hop  and  other  plants ;  whereas 
those  of  our  linen  or  cotton  garments,  our  old 
shirts  and  petticoats,  form  ^he  materials  of  our 
books  and  letters ;  while  our  old  ropes,  &c.,  are 
converted  into  either  brown  paper  or  oakum. 
Those  commodities,  on  the  other  hand,  which  are 
made  of  leathern  materials,  become,  when  worn 
out,  the  ingredients  of  the  prussiate  of  potash  and 
other  nitrogenised  products  manufactured  by  our 
chemists.  Our  old  wooden  commodities,  again, 
are  used  principally  to  kindle  our  fires;  while- 
the  refuse  of  our  fires  themselves,  whether  the 
soot  which  is  deposited  in  the  chimney  above, 
or  the  ashes  which  fall  below,  are  employed 
mainly  to  increase  the  fertility  of  our  land.  Our 
worn-out  metal  commodities,  on  the  other  hand, 
are  newly  melted,  and  go  to  form  fresh  commo- 
dities when  the  metals  are  of  the  scarcer  kind,  as 
gold,  silver,  copper,  brass,  lead,  and  even  iron; 
and  when  of  the  more  common  kind,  as  is  the  case 
with  old  tin,  and  occasionally  iron  vessels,  they 
either  become  the  ingredients  in  some  of  our  che- 
mical manufactures,  or  else  when  formed  of  tin  are 
cut  up  into  smaller  and  inferior  commodities.  Even 
the  detritus  of  our  streets  is  used  as  the  soil  of  our 
market  gardens.  All  this  we  have  already  seen, 
and  we  have  now  to  deal  more  particularly  with 

♦  The  tenn  ruljhUh  is  a  polite  corruntion  of  the  ori- 
ginal word  ruhbnpe,  which  is  still  used  by  uncducAtcd 
l>cople;    Uh  i<  an  arijecdiftl  termination,    a*  wliitish, 
slavish,   I)riitish,  tic.,  and  is  used  only  in   ronnectiim 
.l)stantives  as  arc  di-iived  from  adjirtives,  as 
;tiHh,  &c.     Whereas  the  atllx  niff  is  strictly 
'.  .i«   sewai^o,   (j.'rbnu'e,   whnrfifTe.   Cic,   and 

'•    ■'      •-'■■   •  ■    :>■■■•■ '.-■•      1    from    8Ul)- 

i')und  hi 
'  I'-n :  the 

ior  mudr)i.  There  \i  Viu  such  verb  as  to  p>f(<  "wheuce 
could  come  the  xubstantival  participle  p»rf</w)^  .■  and  tho 
French  word  from  which  we  derive  our  tenn  is  poudin 
without  the/r«  likpian/<n,  the  root  of  o\xxgiudcn. 


282 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


STREET 

TABLE  SHOWING  THE  NUMBER  OF  VEHICLES  AND  HORSES  PASSING  THROUGH 

HOURS  OF  8  A.M.  AND  8  p.m.,  UPON  CERTAIN 


Hour    ending 

Hour   ending 

Hour  ending 

Hour  ending 

9A.M 

• 

10  A.M. 

11    A.M. 

12   A.M. 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Situation. 

drawn 

by 

drawn 

by 

drawn 

by 

drawn  by 

Date. 

■n.; 

, 

•n«5 

•rl« 

if 

i 

1. 

i 

i. 

i 

b 

i 

b 

o 

o^ 

o  si 

Oi- 

o 

b  p 

Kg. 

b 

b  ^ 

sS- 

K 

Xo 

Xh- 

s 

Xo 

X 

X  o 

X 

X  c 

-w 

(N 

n  t 

r^W 

(M 

n  t 

-txj 

(N 

«h 

..^u 

<N 

«  E 

8th  July,  1850. 

Temple  Bar  Gate 

230 

61 

20 

292 

192 

42 

448 

2.^5 

21 

505 

222 

,30 

9th    „ 

Holbom  Hill,  by  St.  Andrew's  Church      . 

2.50 

65 

12 

.380 

166 

6 

480 

181 

9 

530 

1.54 

14 

10th    „ 

Ludgate  Hill,  by  Pilgrim-street 

268 

76 

17 

ZH) 

170 

16 

454 

261 

13 

420 

210 

6 

f 

11th    „ 

Newgate-street,  by  Old  Bailey     . 

250 

59 

11 

360 

Ibh 

13 

4^3 

184 

11 

m7 

137 

5 

n 

12th    „ 

Aldersgate-street,  by  Fann-street 

140 

20 

8 

198 

52 

11 

1.50 

44 

14 

147 

.36 

13 

fft 

13th    „ 

Cheapside,  by  Foster-lane    .        .       .       . 
Poultry,  by  Mansion  House        .        . 
Finsbury  Pavement,  by  South-place  . 
Comhill,  by  Royal  Exchange     . 
Threadneedle-street 

.345 

110 

18 

483 

301 

21 

703 

.385 

36 

768 

.390 

11 

jr 

15th    „        „ 

2«7 

103 

24 

437 

315 

10 

654 

.398 

19 

690 

.373 

17 

(i 

16th    „        „ 

185 

63 

14 

2.52 

123 

10 

.3.30 

1.3« 

2.50 

1?9 

8 

H 

17th    „        „ 

98 

56 

7 

172 

177 

15 

2.52 

210 

17 

270 

184 

7 

18th    „        „ 

47 

47 

4 

67 

1 

162 

97 

160 

50 

4 

T 

19th    „        „ 

Gracechurch-street,  by  St.  Peter's-alley     . 
Lombard-street,  by  Birchin-lane 

202 

50 

6 

200 

99 

23 

.308 

113 

18 

3W 

175 

1? 

K 

20th    „        „ 

121 

15 

1 

87 

28 

2 

140 

12 

4 

174 

14 

.. 

22nd   „        „ 

Bishopsgate  Within,  by  Great  St.  Helen's 

194 

68 

7 

253 

144 

11 

.323 

164 

13   277 

143 

10 

M 

23rd    ,, 

London  Bridge 

.519 

139 

22 

744 

,^39 

45 

9.55 

;m 

43    820 

274 

30 

24th    „        .. 

Bishopsgate-street  Witht,  by  City  boundr. 

148 

51 

4 

197 

121 

11 

.310 

1.34 

3 

170 

109 

7 

O 

25th     „ 

Aldgate  High-street,  by  ditto 

3.35 

68 

22 

291 

111 

20 

292 

115 

10 

287 

145 

10 

P 

26th    „ 

Leadenhall-st.,  rear  of  East  India  House  . 

19.3 

45 

13 

272 

141 

16 

.388 

1.96 

11 

.340 

1.50 

5 

0 

27th    „ 

Eastcheap,  by  Philpot-lane 

274 

35 

26 

293 

40 

13 

.340 

46 

12 

.3^0 

34 

18 

R 

29th    „ 

Tower-street,  by  Mark-lane 

1.32 

22 

15 

180 

37 

5 

2;o 

32 

10 

?9i) 

.30 

1? 

30th    „        „ 

Lower  Thames-street,  by  Botolph-lane      . 

79 

7 

2 

117 

10 

3 

1.53 

15 

7 

90 

7 

8 

T 

31st     „        „ 

Blackfriars  Bridge 

268 

42 

17 

280 

78 

23 

409 

99 

10 

,393 

89 

34 

fT 

1st  Aug.    „ 

Upper  Thames-street,  rear  of  Queen-street 

97 

28 

15 

172 

43 

12 

126 

28 

11 

160 

49. 

91 

V 

2nd  „ 

Smithfield  Bars 

180 

16 

7 

206 

18 

6 

180 

16 

6 

2.54 

14 

9 

\V 

3rd    „        „ 

Fenchurch-street 

175 

20 

11 

198 

60 

4 

205 

41 

7 

298 

39 

6 

X 

• 

5017 

1256 

303 

6421 

2997 

339 

8415 

3478 

315 

8230 

3159 

297 

STREET    TRAFFIC. 

TABLE  SHOWING  TOTALS  OF  EVERY  DESCRIPTION  OF  VEHICLE  PASSING  PER 
HOUR  AND  PER  DAY  OF  12  HOURS  THROUGH  CERTAIN  STREETS  WITHIN  THE 
CITY  OF  LONDON. 


Situation. 

Hours  Ending 

Total 

Date. 

9 

10 

11 

12 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7        8     """" 

A.  M. 

A.  M. 

A.M. 

Noon 

p.  M. 

p.  M. 

P.  M. 

P.  M. 

P.M. 

p.   M. 

P.M.  P.M. 

<= 

1850. 
Julys 

Temple  Bar  Gate . 

311 

526 

704 

757 

691 

GCA 

791 

737 

7.38 

671 

1         1 
537    614      7741 

645 

,.9 

Holbom-hill.bySt.And.Ch. 

327 

652 

670 

698 

623 

mi 

535 

377 

915 

445 

841,  317!     6906 

,575 

„   10 

Ludgate-hill,  by  Pilgrim-st. 

361 

476 

728 

636 

789 

514 

628 

531 

619 

584 

543    420      6829      569 

»    11 

Newgate-st.,  by  Old  Bailey  . 

320 

628 

628 

509 

5,55 

5.37 

564 

V38 

572 

5<>3 

467    394i     6375J     531 

.,    12 

Aldersgate-st.,  by  Fann-st.  . 

168 

261 

208 

196 

214 

2a5 

194 

219 

235 

23;j 

229    198;     2590      215 

„    13 

Cheapside,  by  Foster-lane   . 
Poultry,  by  Mansion  House 

473 

!«)5 

1124 

1169 

1020 

1009 

1007 

1076 

1106 

964 

808    492    11053     921 

„    15 

414 

762 

nm 

1080 

1043 

941 

875 

910 

956 

825 

802    595;  102741     856 

,.    16 

Finsbury-pave.,  by  South-pl 
Comhill,  by  Roy.  Exchange 
Threadneedle-street 

262 

385 

475 

387 

3(54 

345 

2!W 

347 

4tt3 

475 

400,   244|     44(50 

371 

„   17 

161 

364 

47Ji 

461 

487 

441 

493 

451 

468 

430 

354    327i     491(i 

409 

„    18 

.98 

145 

262 

214 

211 

1.54 

212 

195 

nw 

205 

148    108      2150 

179 

.,    19 

Gracech-st.,  by  St.  Pet.-alley 

258 

322 

439 

607 

.392 

423 

464 

516 

4(51 

4;i6 

338    331      4887 

407 

,.   20 

Lombard-st.,  by  Birchin-la 

1.37 

117 

15« 

188 

169 

2.32 

2.37 

304 

243 

209 

130    106     2228 

186 

„   22 

Bishopsg.-st.,  by  Gt  SL  HeL 

259 

408 

6<X) 

430 

39(i 

2;J8 

Am 

432 

541 

450 

404    345      4842 

403 

,,   23 

London  Bridge 

680 

1128 

i:«2 

1124 

1094 

1048 

1101 

1180 

1344 

1308 

9(52    798    1.3(1.9;) 

1091 

„   24 

Bishp.-st.  out,  by  Cy.  Bound'  203 

329 

447 

286 

307 

342 

3!HI 

a35 

430 

439 

323    279      4110 

342 

„   25 

Aldgate  High-street,  ditto    .   425 
Leadenhall-st.,  E.  1.  House  \  251 

422 

417 

442 

445 

379 

:m 

40<> 

405 

4(»1 

331    289!     47.54 

3«K5 

„    26 

42<) 

5{)5 

49.5 

.594 

.5(i3 

.525 

.569 

4r;6 

m\ 

437i  4181     69.30 

494 

„    57 

Eastcheap,  bv   PhiIpot-lane|  335 

346 

398 

372 

.378 

.343 

.3f!f{ 

3JJ3 

31)8 

349 

294    128,     41(h2 

341 

,,    29 

Tower-street,  by  Mark-lane 

m 

222 

2(i2 

271 

2f>2 

.324 

290 

262 

282 

2;w 

164    1141     289(1 

240 

„    30 

L.  Thames-st,  by  Botolph-la 

88 

130 

175 

105 

105 

108 

118 

147 

168 

121 

(59      46      1.3f{0 

11.5 

„    31 

Blackfriars  Bridge 

327 

:m 

618 

616 

465 

3.36 

.3a5 

416 

570 

548 

463    a37      52(i2 

438 

Aug.l 

U.Thames-st.,  rearof  Qn.-st 

140 

227 

lft5 

223 

205 

160 

164 

213 

253 

312 

J  76      93      2,3.31 

1<)4 

,7  2 

Smithfield  Bars     . 

203 

230 

202 

277 

276 

2.55 

,%34 

2r)7 

328 

289 

288    159      31(18 

259 

„   3 

Fenchurch-street  . 

206 

2(>2 
9757 

253 

343 

293 

2«i9 
10466 

272 
11068 

327 

364 
12543 

259 

249    545 1     3642 
975717697  :i25859 

303 
10488 

6576 

122(J8 

11686 

11408 

11351 

11342 

LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  TUE  LONDON  POOR. 


283 


TRAFFIC. 

CERTAIN    THOROUGHFARES    WITHIN    THE    CITY  OF    LONDON,  BETWEEN    THE 
DAYS    DURING    THE    YEAR    1850. 


Hour  ending' Hour   ending 

Hour  ending  Hour   ending 

Hou 

r  ending 

Hour   ending 

Hour  ending 

Hour  ending 

1  P.M 

2  P.M 

• 

J  P.M 

4  P.M 

6r.M 

bp.M 

;p.M 

' 

8  P.M. 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

Vehicles 

drywn  by 

drawn  by 

drawn 

by 

drawn 

by 

drawn 

by 

drawn 

by 

drawn 

by 

drawn  by 

11 

1 

*5 

t 

& 

II 

1 

i 

g 

li 

o« 

t 

Ki 

o 

orse  and 
jestrians. 

orses. 

s 

1| 

» 

3 

0  <u 

II   s 

0 
S 

xb 

-S" 

X 

X  S 

is 

X 

So  IS- 

X 

S  o 

X 

X  O 

So-    = 

X  Q 

15- 

X 

X  0 

ig.    X 

Xo 

-UJ 

« 

n  S 

0* 

m  E 

« 

wEi^K 

<N 

nh 

.-Cd 

(N 

nh 

phU{     <M 

n  h 

-w 

O) 

«fc 

-^W       (N 

CO  S 

A 

*m 

818 

13 

415|  230 

19 

550 

231 

10,  4% 

237 

4 

470 

255 

13 

435i  219 

17 

329 

200 

8 

406    198 

11 

B 

453 

Ifill 

10 

435i  15fi 

13 

373 

15(1 

12;   270 

100 

7 

(iX) 

251 

25 

330,  11) 

4 

615 

209 

17 

21{>     92 

6 

C 

5.10 

2.V? 

3 

330 

180 

4 

400 

221 

288 

242 

1 

375 

233 

9 

360    220 

4 

.^•^0 

210 

3 

214    202 

4 

D 

ayo 

156 

9 

377 

155 

5 

390 

167 

y 

525 

201 

12 

3!K) 

177 

6 

415    142 

6 

337 

126 

4 

250    136 

8 

E 

J«5 

40 

9 

18l» 

AH 

6 

150 

32 

12 

172 

40 

7 

l»7 

36 

12 

185!     40 

8 

175 

44 

10 

141      46 

11 

r 

taw 

334 

6 

664^ 

336 

S 

665 

338 

4 

730 

3.» 

7 

671 

427 

« 

645]  303 

16 

41:2 

31!( 

7 

171 1  212 

9 

a 

690 

358 

5 

595 

337 

s 

648 

321 

6   675 

330 

5 

5(a 

381 

10    5051  310 

10 

455 

344 

3 

292 i  299 

4 

H 

»43 

115 

6 

223 

118 

4 

184 

107 

215 

128 

4 

340 

135 

h 

.-JOO!   169 

16 

242 

142 

16 

140:   101 

3 

I 

275 

206 

A 

S53 

180 

fl 

305 

185 

27(i 

172 

:i 

255 

20() 

7 

2-i2i   180 

H 

177 

176 

1 

186    140 

1 

J 

5(1 

1 

120 

^ 

2 

1(U 

46 

157 

37 

1 

150 

45 

3 

157 

45 

a 

115 

.10 

3 

77     31 

K 

87 

IC 

330 

81 

12 

360 

93 

11 

375 

123 

1« 

302 

135 

24 

310 

113 

13 

253 

79 

(i 

250      75 

6 

L 

I<» 

9 

215 

15 

2 

227 

9 

1 

283 

20 

1 

223 

20 

IKO 

26 

3 

115 

15 

94!     12 

M 

S6I) 

125 

11 

164 

70 

4 

320 

113 

6    2«7 

140 

5 

380 

150 

11 

320 

123 

7 

270 

127 

7 

222!  120 

3 

N 

775 

21)6 

23 

7«i5 

255 

28 

793 

284 

24'  84:. 

3(»5 

3(t 

!»75 

xm 

ai 

9701  305 

33 

6«0 

264 

18 

5101  258 

30 

O 

191 

llii 

4    2431     96 

3 

285 

97 

8    231 

I(« 

1 

309 

113 

8 

3051   12(J 

« 

2(V) 

112 

8 

1771    99 

3 

P 

30.) 

135 

10 

249    123 

7 

260 

112 

17 

274 

J  22 

13 

248 

141 

16 

2761  110 

15 

21-0 

KKi 

11 

IIK)     96 

3 

0 

415 

168 

11 

3}» 

171 

/ 

353 

158 

14 

387 

172 

10 

21)5 

IW 

5 

3901  m 

15 

292 

139 

6 

260^  152 

6 

B 

340 

27 

11 

300 

28 

15 

310 

3a 

2(1 

345 

40 

K 

340 

43 

15 

2H0 

58 

11 

230 

59 

6 

109,     16 

3 

8 

nm 

26 

6 

270 

39 

15 

252 

3i 

4 

226 

26 

10 

230 

3!; 

13 

195 

34 

9 

137 

25 

2 

94 

16 

4 

T 

83 

21 

1 

100 

8 

, 

1(K) 

15 

a 

13(1 

13 

4 

143 

2.1 

2 

1(M> 

15 

6 

52 

14 

3 

40 

4 

9, 

V 

365 

78 

22 

253 

65 

18 

302 

73 

10 

3-10 

66 

10 

450 

1o:j 

17 

446 

87 

15 

.161 

89 

13 

266 

66 

6 

y 

160 

35 

10 

120 

31 

9 

la-} 

33 

6 

160 

44 

9 

ia5 

.52 

16 

241 

54 

17 

139 

25 

12 

71 

13 

9 

%r 

JKW 

18 

6 

232 

19 

4 

305 

2(1 

9 

260 

11 

6 

305 

17 

6 

26.5 

f(» 

4 

2«i9 

10 

9I  145 

14 

X 

8I» 

45 

3W7 

8 
"l» 

7441 

39 
8815 

7 

7941 

46 
2923 

612^7 

64 
3065 

6 

300      57 
8727  3543 

7 
"273 

215 
8007 

36 
3019 

8 
1^ 

193 
6671 

63 

mi 

3|  516 

28 
2426 

1 

210 

•204, 

8104 

175|5138 

133 

STREET  TRAFFIC. 
TABLB  SHOWING  THE    TOTAL   NUMBER  OF    EACH    DESCRIPTION   OF   VEHICLE 
PASSING    THROUGH  CERTAIN    STREETS    WITHIN    THE    CITY  OF  LONDON,  BE- 
TWEKN  THE  HOURS  OF  8  a.m.  AND  8  p.m.     (12  Hours.) 


Total 

Number  of 

Average  Number 

Date. 

Situation. 

Vehicles  drawn  by 

Total  of 
the 

per  Hour. 

II 

i 

s 

f 

s 

Average 
of  the 

2  . 

whole. 

^^ 

i 

whole. 

X 

X  0 
n  S 

X?r 

X 

Si 

o< 

»U 

Oi 

nti 

8th  July,  1850. 

Temple  Bar  Gate 

5035 

2498 

208 

7741 

419 

208 

17 

(M5 

9th    ./     .. 

Holbom  Hill,  by  .St.  .Andrew's  Church 

4!I74 

1797 

135 

6!)06 

414 

149 

11 

575 

loth    „ 

Ludgate  Hill,  bv  Pilf^rim-street    . 

4259 

2483 

87 

6829 

a54 

2(7 

7 

56-9 

Ilth    „       „ 

Newgate-stret-t,  by  Uld  Ilailey      . 

4484 

1795 

96 

(i375 

373 

149 

8 

631 

I2lh    „        „ 

Alden(pitc-stri-et,  by  Kaiin-street 

IJKtO 

479 

121 

2590 

165 

40 

10 

215 

Ilth     „        „ 

Chenptldc,  by  Foitir-Ianc    .        • 

71<7 

37!H 

152 

11053 

6!)2 

316 

12 

921 

iJMh     „         .. 

Poultry,  bv  Mansion  House 
Fintbury  Pavement,  bv  .South-place  . 
Comhilf,  by  Royal  Exchange 
Threadneedle-strcct       .       .       .       . 

(i283 

3869 

122 

l(^274 

623 

332 

10 

}<3« 

,i»;th  ,, 

2!>04 

1458 

98 

4460 

242 

121 

8 

371 

'i7;!i    ..       .. 

2761 

2074 

81 

4016 

2.10 

172 

7 

409 

imh     ,.        ,, 

1636 

687 

27 

2150 

128 

49 

2 

179 

::<th    „ 

Oraccchurch-st..  by  .St.  Petcr's-alley  . 

avw 

1223 

159 

4<«7 

2<»2 

102 

13 

4(7 

.'■th    .. 

Lombard-sueet,  by  Birchin-Unc 

2019 

195 

14 

2228 

168 

16 

1 

1K5 

.'-'T„l      ,. 

Bishopagate-sC.  by  Great  St.  Helen's  . 

.1270 

1477 

96 

4842 

272 

123 

8 

403 

LTir.l     „ 

London  Bridge 

!«351 

33>R) 

3.59 

13099 

779 

282 

.10 

1091 

'24tti     .,         ,, 

Btahop^tatxt.,  out,  by  City  Boundr. 

27«« 

1273 

68 

4110 

230 

106 

5 

342 

i'.:th    „ 

Aldimr  tlifth-*iriit.           ditto 

.1222 

1.178 

164 

4754 

2faj 

114 

12 

.196 

-•"iih    ,, 

Leadenhi                      t  India  House  . 

.1970 

1841 

119 

69.10 

.%K) 

163 

10 

4}W 

,i7th    ,,        „ 

(Ustchc.i,                       lane 

3481 

AM 

157 

4102 

2J)0 

38 

13 

341 

Mh    „ 

Tower-tt.                    -lane 

2416 

369 

1(»5 

2890 

201 

.10 

8 

240 

l*nh    „      „ 

lower  TharTKs  .t.,  uy  Uotolph-lane   . 

1187 

162 

41 

1380 

98 

12 

3 

115 

Slat     M       „ 

Blackfriar*  Bridge 

4132 

935 

195 

6262 

344 

78 

11; 

4.18 

1st  Aug.     M 

UpnerThamc».»t.,rearof  Queen-st.  . 
Smhhfleld  Bars 

1756 

428 

147 

2311 

14/{ 

.'tt 

12 

194 

2nd    „ 

2H43 

193 

72 

310R 

2.17 

16 

A 

259 

ritd    .. 

Pcoehurch-strrct 

3060 

518 

74 

aM2 

2.54 

43 

6 

.K)3 

88304 

34089 

8886 

126859 

7358 

2889] 

240 

10488 

234 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOJL 


the  refuse  of  the  sole  remaining  materials,  viz., 
those  of  an  earthy  kind,  and  out  of  wliich  are 
made  our  bricks,  our  earthenware  and  porcelain, 
as  well  as  our  glass,  plaster,  and  stone  com- 
modities. What  becomes  of  all  these  materials 
when  the  articles  made  of  them  are  no  longer  fit 
for  use  ]  The  old  glass  is,  like  the  old  metal,  re- 
melted  and  made  into  new  commodities ;  some 
broken  bottles  are  used  for  the  tops  of  walls  as  a 
protection  ag-ainst  trespassers ;  and  the  old  bricks, 
when  sound,  are  employed  again  for  inferior  brick- 
work; but  what  becomes  of  the  rest  of  the 
earthen  materials — the  unsound  bricks  or  "  bats," 
the  old  plaster  and  mortar,  the  refuse  slates  and 
tiles  and  chimney-pots,  the  broken  pans,  and 
dishes,  and  other  crocks — in  a  word,  the  pot- 
sherds and  pansherds*,  as  the  rubbish-carters  call 
thera — what  is  done  with  these  ? 

But  rubbish,  as  we  have  seen,  consists  not  only 
of  refuse  earthen  commodities,  but  of  refuse  eartli 
itself:  such  as  the  soil  removed  during  excava- 
tions for  the  foundations  of  houses,  for  the  cuttings 
of  railways,  the  levelling  of  roads,  the  formation 
of  parks,  the  laying  down  of  pipes  or  drains,  and 
the  sinking  of  wells.  For  each  and  all  of  these 
operations  there  is  necessarily  a  certain  quantity 
of  soil  removed,  and  the  question  that  naturally 
occurs  to  the  mind  is,  what  is  done  with  it  ? 

There  is,  moreover,  a  third  kind  of  rubbish, 
which,  though  having  an  animal  origin,  consists 
chiefly  of  earthy  matter,  and  thnt  is  the  shells  of 
oysters,  and  other  shell-fish.  Whence  go  they, 
since  these  shells  are  of  a  comparatively  indestruct- 
ible nature,  and  thousands  of  such  fish  are  con- 
sumed annually  in  the  metropolis  ?  What,  the 
inquirer  asks,  becomes  of  the  refuse  bony  cover- 
ings of  such  fish? 

Let  us  first,  however,  endeavour  to  estimate 
"what  quantity  of  each  of  these  three  kinds  of 
rubbish  is  annually  produced  in  London,  begin- 
ning with  the  refuse  earthen  commodities. 

There  is  no  published  account  of  the  quantity 
of  crockeryware  annually  manufactured  in  this 
country.  Mr.  McCuUoch  tells  us,  "  It  is  esti- 
mated, that  the  value  of  the  various  sorts  of 
earthenware  produced  at  the  potteries  may 
amount  to  about  1,700,000^.  or  1,800,000^.  a 
3'ear;  and  that  the  earthenware  produced  at 
Worcester,  Derby,  and  other  parts  of  the  country, 
may  amount  to  about  850,000^.  or  more,  making  the 
whole  value  of  the  manufacture  2,550,000Z.  or 
2,650,000^.  a  year."  What  proportion  of  this 
quantity  may  fall  to  the  share  of  the  metropolis, 
and  what  proportion  of  the  whole  may  be  annually 
destroyed,  I  know  of  no  means  of  judging.  We 
must  therefore  go  some  other  way  to  work  in 
order  to  arrive  at  the  required  information.  Now, 
it  has  been  before  shown,  that  the  quantity  of 
*'  dust,"  or  dry  refuse  from  houses,  annually  col- 
lected, amounts  to  900,000  tons  or  chaldrons 
yearly ;  and  I  find,  on  inquiry  at  the  principal 
"yards,"  that  the  average  quantity  of  Potsherds 

*  This  is  the  Saxon  sceard,  which  means  a  shcard, 
remnant,  or  fragment,  and  is  from  tiie  vtrb  sceran,  sig- 
nifyng  both  to  shear  and  to  share  or  divide.  The  low 
Dutch  s'-haard  is  a  piece  of  pot,  a  fragment. 


and  broken  crockery  is  at  the  rate  of  about  half 
a  bushel  to  every  load  of  dust,  or  say  1  per  cent, 
out  of  the  entire  quantity  collected.  At  other 
yards,  I  find  the  proportion  of  sherds  to  be  about 
the  same,  so  that  we  may  fairly  assume  that  the 
gross  qtiantity  of  broken  earthenware  produced 
in  London  is  in  round  numbers  9000  loads  or 
tons  per  annum.  The  sherds  run  about  250 
pieces  to  the  bushel,  and  assuming  every  five  of 
such  pieces  to  be  the  remains  of  an  entire  article, 
there  would  be  in  each  bushel  the  fragments  of 
fifty  earthenware  vessels;  and  thus  the  total 
quantity  of  crockeryware  destroyed  yearly  in  the 
metropolis  will  amount  to  18,000,000  vessels. 

As  to  the  quantit)'  of  refuse  hricks,  the  number 
annuallyproduced,  which  is  between  1,500,000,000 
and  2,000,000,000,  will  give  us  no  knowledge 
of  the  quantity  yearly  converted  into  rubbish. 
In  order  to  arrive  at  this,  we  must  ascertain  the 
number  of  houses  pulled  down  in  the  course  of 
the  twelvemonth ;  and  I  find,  by  the  Returns  of 
the  Kegistrar-Greneral,  that  the  buildings  removed 
between  1841  and  1851  have  been  as  follows  : — 

Decrease    in     the     Number     op     Houses 

TDROUGHOUI      LONDON      BETWEEN     1841      AND 

1851. 


Total 

Annual 

Decrease  in 

Average 

10  Years. 

Decrease. 

St,  Martin's 

116 

11-6 

St.  James's,  Westminster  . 

130 

130 

St.  Giles's 

181 

18-1 

Strand      .         .         .          . 

389 

38-9 

Holborn    .         .         .         . 

86 

8-6 

East  London 

11 

1-1 

West  London    . 

265 

2G-5 

London,  City  of 

692 

69-2 

Whitechapel 

2 

■2 

St.  Saviour's,  Southwark     . 

46 

4-6 

St.  Olave's 

158 

15-8 

Total 

1976 

197-6 

Thus,  then,  we  perceive  that  there  have  been, 
upon  an  average,  very  nearly  200  houses  annually 
pulled  down  in  London  within  the  last  ten  years, 
and  I  find,  on  inquiry  among  those  who  are 
likely  to  be  the  best-informed  on  such  matters, 
that  each  house  so  pulled  down  will  yield  from 
40  to  50  loads  of  rubbish  ;  so  that,  altogether,  the 
quantity  of  refuse  bricks,  slates,  tiles,  chimney- 
pots, &c.,  annually  produced  in  London  must 
be  no  less  than  8000  loads. 

But  the  above  estimate  refers  only  to  those 
houses  which  have  been  pulled  down  and  never 
rebuilt;  so  that,  in  order  to  arrive  at  the  gross 
quantity  of  this  kind  of  rubbish  yearly  produced 
in  the  metropolis,  we  must  add  to  the  preceding 
amount  the  quantity  accruing  from  such  houses  as  are 
pulled  down  and  built  up  again,  or  newly  fronted 
and  repaired,  which  are  by  far  the  greater  number. 
These,  I  find,  may  be  estimated  at  between  5 
and  10  per  cent,  of  the  gross  number  of  houses  in 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR, 


235 


the  metropolis.  In  Bome  quarters  (the  older  parts 
of  London,  for  instance,)  the  proportion  is  much 
higher,  while  in  the  suburbs,  or  newer  districts,  it 
is  scarcely  half  per  cent.  Each  of  the  houses  so 
new-fronted  or  repaired  may  be  said  to  yield,  on 
an  average,  10  loads  of  rubbish,  and,  at  this  rate, 
the  yearly  quantity  of  refuse  bricks,  mortar,  &c., 
proceeding  from  such  a  source,  will  be  150,000 
loads  per  annum ;  so  that  the  total  amount  of 
mbbish  produced  in  London  by  the  demolition 
and  reparation  of  houses  would  appear  to  be  about 
160,000  loads  yearly. 

The  quantity  of  refuse  oyster  shells  may  easily 
be  found  by  the  number  of  oysters  annually  sold 
in  Billingsgate-market.  These,  from  the  returns 
which  I  obtained  from  the  market  salesmen,  and 
printed  at  p.  63  of  the  first  volume  of  this  work, 
appear  to  be,  in  round  numbers,  500,000,000;  and, 
calculating  that  one-third  of  this  quantity  is  sent 
into  the  country,  the  total  number  of  shells 
remaining  in  the  metropolis  may  be  estimated  at 
about  650,000,000.  Reckoning,  then,  that  500 
shells  go  to  the  bushel  (the  actual  number  was 
found  experimentally  to  be  between  525  and  550), 
and  consequently  that  20,000  are  contained  in 
eTery  load,  we  may  conclude  that  the  gross  quan- 
tity of  refuse  oyster  shells  annually  produced  in 
London  average  somewhere  about  80,000  loads. 
That  this  is  an  approximation  to  the  true  quantity 
there  can  be  little  doubt,  for,  on  inquiry  at  one  of 
the  largest  da»t-yards,  I  was  informed  by  the  hill- 
man  that  the  quantity  of  oyster-shells  collected 
with  the  refuse  dust  from  houses  in  the  vicinity 
of  Shoreditch,  Whitechapcl,  and  other  localities  at 
the  east-end  of  the  metropolis,  averages  G  bushels 
to  the  load  of  dust ;  about  the  west-end,  however, 
half  a  bushel  or  a  bushel  to  each  load  is  the  ave- 
rage ratio ;  while  from  the  City  there  is  none,  the 
house  "dnst"  there  being  free  from  oyster-shells. 
In  taking  on«  district,  however,  with  another,  I 
am  assured  that  the  average  may  be  safely  com- 
puted at  2  bushels  of  oyster-shells  to  every  3  loads 
of  dust;  hence,  as  the  gross  amount  of  house-dust 
is  equal  to  900,000  tons  or  loads  per  annum,  the 
quantity  of  refuse  oyster-shells  collected  yearly  by 
the  dustmen  may  be  taken  at  15,000  loads.  But, 
besides  these,  there  is  the  quantity  got  rid  of  by 
the  costermongers,  which  seldom  or  never  appear 
in  the  dust-bins.  The  costers  sell  about  124,000,000 
oysters  per  annum,  and  thus  the  extra  quantity  of 
■bells  remltiDg  from  these  means  would  be  about 
12,400  loads;  so  that  the  gross  quantity  of  refuse 


oyster-shells  actually  produced  in  London  may  be 
said  to  average  between  25,000  and  30,000  loads 
per  annum. 

There  still  remains  the  quantity  of  refuse 
earth  to  be  calculated ;  this  may  be  estimated  as 
follows  : — 

1.  Foundations  of  Houses. — Each  house  that 
is  built  requires  the  ground  to  be  excavated  from 
two  to  three  yards  deep,  the  average  area  of  each 
being  about  nine  yards  square.  This  gives  be- 
tween 160  and  200  cubic  yards  of  earth  removed 
from  the  foundation  of  each  house.  A  cubic  yard 
of  earth  is  a  load,  so  that  there  are  between  160 
and  200  loads  of  earth  displaced  in  the  building 
of  every  new  house. 

The  following  statement  shows — 

The  Numbbb  of   HorrsEs   BuiLX    THnouaHOTJT 

LOMDOH   BETWEEN   1841    Alfl)    1851. 


West  Districts  . 
North  Districts . 
Central  Districts 
East  Districts  . 
South  Districts  . 


Total 


46,901 


Average 
No.  of 
Houses 

built  per 
Year. 

962-4 

1377-8 

34-9 

834-3 

1480-7 


4690-1 


Hence,  estimating  the  number  of  new  houses 
built  yearly  in  the  metropolis  at  4500,  the  total 
quantity  of  earth  removed  for  the  foundations  of 
the  buildings  throughout  London  would  be  800,000 
loads  per  annum. 

2.  The  Cuttings  of  Railways. — The  railways 
formed  within  the  area  of  the  metropolis  during 
the  last  ten  years  have  been — the  Great  Northern  ; 
the  Camden  Town,  and  Bow ;  the  West  India 
Docks  and  Bow;  and  the  North  Kent  Lines. 
The  extension  of  the  Southampton  Railway 
from  Vauxhall  to  Waterloo -bridge,  as  well  as 
the  Riclimond  Line,  has  also  been  formed  within 
the  same  period,  but  for  these  no  cuttings  have 
been  made. 

The  Railway  Cuttings  made  within  the  area  of 
the  Metropolis  Proper  during  the  last  ten  years 
have  been  to  the  following  extent : — 


Railways. 

Length  of 
Cutting. 

width  of  Cutting. 

Depth  of 
Cutting. 

Quantity  of 

At  top. 

At  bottom. 

earth  Removed. 

Great  Korthcn 
Camden  Town  and  Bow    . 
West  India  Dock*  and  Bow      . 
SorthKmt     .        .        .        . 

2 

Yards. 
12 
12 
15 
15 

Yards. 
10 
10 
10 
10 

Yards. 
10 
10 
12 
12 

Loads. 
290,400 
290,400 
628,000 
528,000 

Hence,  the  groM  quantity  of  earth  remoTed  from 
nilway  cuttinga  within  the  last  ten  yean  haa 


been  1,636,800  loads,  or  say,  in  round  numbers, 
160,000  loads  per  annum. 


286 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


\  3.  The  Cutting  of  Roads  and  Streets.— Ac- 
cording  to  a  Return  presented  to  Parliament,  there 
were  200  miles  of  new  streets  formed  within  the 
metropolitan  police  district  between  the  years 
1839-49  ;  but  in  the  formation  of  these  no  earth 
has  been  taken  away ;  on  the  contrary  a  con- 
siderable quantity  has  been  required  for  their 
construction.  In  the  case  of  the  lowering  of 
Holborn-hill,  that  which  was  removed  from  the 
top  was  used  to  fill  up  the  hollow. 

4.  T/i4  Formation  of  Parks. — The  only  park 
that  has  been  constructed  during  the  last  ten 
years  in  the  metropolis  is  Victoria  Park,  at  the 
east  end  of  the  town  ;  but  I  am  informed  that,  in 
the  course  of  the  works  there,  no  earth  was 
carted  away,  the  soil  which  was  removed  from 
one  part  being  used  for  the  levelling  of  another. 

5.  Pipe  and  Sewer  Worh. — The  earth  dis- 
placed in  the  course  of  these  operations  is 
usually  put  back  into  the  ground  whence  it 
was  taken,  excepting  in  the  formation  of 
some  new  sewer,  and  then  a  certain  proportion 
has  to  be  carted  away.  Upon  inquiry  among 
those  who  are  likely  to  be  best  informed,  I  am 
assured  that  1000  loads  may  be  taken  as  the 
quantity  carted  away  in  thercourse  of  the  last  year. 

6.  Well-sinking. — In  this  there  has  been  but 
little  done.  Those  who  are  best  informed  assure 
me  that  within  the  last  ten  years  no  such  works 
of  any  magnitude  have  been  executed. 

The  account  as  to  the  quantity  of  rubbish  re- 
moved in  London,  then,  stands  thus  : — 

Loads 

Refuse  Earthen  Matei-ials.  per  Annum. 

Potsherds  and  Pansherds  .  .  9,000 
Old  bricks,  tiles,  slates,  mortar,  &c.  .  160,000 
Oyster-shells  ....       25,000 


800,000 

160,000 

1.000 


Refuse  Earth. 

Foundations  of  houses 
Railway  cuttings     . 
Pipe  and  sewer  laying 


1,155,000 

Thus,  then,  we  perceive  that  the  gross  quantity 
of  rubbish  that  has  to  be  annually  removed 
throughout  the  metropolis  is  upwards  of  1,000,000 
loads  per  annum. 

Now  what  is  done  with  the  vast  amount  of 
refuse  matter  1  Whither  is  it  carried  1  How  is  it 
disposed  of? 

The  rubbish  from  the  house  building  or  remov- 
ing is  of  no  value  to  the  master  carter,  and  is  shot 
gratuitously  wherever  there  is  the  privilege  of 
shooting  it ;  this  privilege,  however,  is  very  often 
usurped.  Great  quantities  used  to  be  shot  in 
what  were,  until  these  last  eight  years,  Bishop 
Bonner's  Fields,  but  now  Victoria  Park.  At  the 
present  time  this  sort  of  rubbish  is  often  slily 
deposited  in  localities  generally  known  as  "  the 
ruins,"  being  places  from  which  houses,  and  indeed 
streets,  have  been  removed,  and  the  sites  left  bare 
and  vacant. 

But  the  main  localities  for  the  deposition  of  this 
kind  of  refuse  are  in  the  fields  round  about  the 
metropolis.   Each  particular  district  appears  to  have 


its  own  special  "  shoot,"  as  it  is  called,  for  rub- 
bish, of  which  the  following  are  the  principal. 

Rubbish  shoots. 

The  rubbish  of  Kensington  and  Chelsea  is  shot 
in  the  Pottery  Grounds  and  Kensington-fields. 
Tiie  rubbish  of  St.    George's  Hanover-square, 
Marylebone,  and  Paddington,  is  shot  in  the 
fields  about  Notting-hill  and  Kilburn, 
The  rubbish  of  Westminster,  Strand,  Holborn, 
St.   Martin's,  St.  Giles's,  St.  James's,  West- 
minster,  West   London,  and   Southwark,  is 
shot  in  Cubitt's  fields  at  Millbank  and  West- 
minster improvements. 
The  rubbish  of  Hampstead  is  shot  in  the  fields 

at  back  of  Haverstock-hill. 
The  rubbish  of  Saint  Pancras  is  shot  in  the 

Copenhagen-liel  d  s. 
The  rubbish  of  Islington,  Clerkenwell,  and  St. 
Luke's,  is  shot  in  the  Eagle  Wharf-road  and 
Shepherdess-fields. 
The  rubbish  of  East  London  and  City  is  shot 

in  the  Haggerstone-fields. 

The  rubbish  of  Whitechapel,  St.  George's  in  the 

East,  and  Stepney,  is  shot  in  Stepney  fields. 

The  rubbish   of  Hackney,  Bethnal-green,  and 

Shoreditch,    is   shot   in    the    Bonkers-pond, 

Hackney-road. 

The  rubbish  of  Poplar  is  shot  in   the  fields  at 

back  of  New  Town,  Poplar. 
The  rubbish   of  Bermondsey  is   shot   in   the 

Bermondsey  fields. 
The  rubbish  of  Newington,   Camberwell,  and 
Lambeth,  is  shot  in  Wal worth-common  and 
Kenniiigton-fields. 
The  rubbish  of  Wandsworth  is  shot  in  Potters- 
hole,  Wandsworth-common. 
The  rubbish  of  Greenwich   and   Lewisham  is 

shot  in  Russia-common,  near  Lewisham. 
The  rubbish  of  Rotherhithe  is  used  for  ballast. 
The  quantity  of  rubbish  annually  shot  in  each 
of  the  above-mentioned  localities  appears  to  range 
from  5000  up  to  as  high  as  30,000  and  40,0001oad8. 
Of  the  earth  removed  in  forming  the  founda- 
tion of  new  houses,  between  one-fourth  and  one- 
sixth  of  the  whole  is  used  to  make  the  gardens  at 
the  back,  and  the  bed  of  the  roads  in  front  of 
them,  while  the  entire  quantity  of  the  soil  dis- 
placed in  the  execution  of  the  "cuttings"  of  rail- 
ways is  carted  away  in  the  trucks  of  the  company 
to  form  embankments  in  other  places.  Hence 
there  would  appear  to  be  about  from  160,000  to 
200,000  loads  of  refuse  bricks,  potsherds,  pan- 
sherds,  and  oyster-shells,  and  about  600,000 
loads  of  refuse  earth  deposited  every  year  in  the 
fields  or  "shoots"  in  the  vicinity  of  the  metropolis. 
The  refuse  earth  displaced  in  forming  the  foun- 
dations of  houses  is  generally  carted  away  by  the 
builders'  men,  so  that  it  is  principally  the  refuse 
bricks,  &c.,  that  the  rubbish-carters  are  engaged 
in  removing ;  these  they  usually  carry  to  the 
shoots  already  indicated,  or  to  such  other  localities 
where  the  hard  core  may  be  needed  for  forming 
the  foundation  of  roads,  or  the  rubbish  be  re- 
quired for  certain  other  purposes. 

The  principal  use  to  which  the  "  i-ulbish"  is  put 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


287 


is  for  levelling,  when  the  hollow  part  of  any 
newly-made  road  has  to  be  filled  up,  or  garden  or 
lawnirround  has  to  be  levelled  for  a  new  mansion. 
Rubbish,  at  one  time,  was  in  demand  for  the  bal- 
lasting of  small  coasting  vessels.  For  such  bal- 
lasting 2d.  a  ton  has  to  be  paid  to  the  corporation 
of  the  Trinity  House.  This  rubbish  has  been 
nsed,  but  sometimes  surreptitiously,  for  ballast, 
nnmixed  with  other  things.  It  is,  however,  light 
and  inferior  ballast,  and  occupies  more  space  than 
the  gravel  ballast  from  the  bed  of  the  Thames. 
gk  Suppose  that  a  collier  requires  ballast  to  the 
extent  of  60  tons ;  if  house  rubbish  be  used  it 
will  occupy  the  hold  to  a  greater  height  by  about 
10  inches  than  would  the  ballast  derived  from  the 
bed  of  the  Thames.  The  Thames  ballast  is  sup- 
plied at  \s.  a  ton  ;  the  rubbish-ballast,  however, 
was  only  Zd.  to  6cf.  a  ton,  but  now  it  is  seldom 
used  unless  to  mix  with  manure,  which  might  be 
considered  too  wet  and  soft,  and  likely  to  ferment 
on  the  voyage  to  a  degree  unpleasant  even  to  the 
mariners  used  to  such  freights.  The  rubbish,  I 
am  told,  checks  the  fermentation,  and  gives 
consistency  to  the  manure.  . 

I  am  assured  by  a  tradesman,  who  ships  a  con- 
siderable quantity  of  stable  manure  collected  from 
the  diflferent  mews  of  the  metropolis,  that  com- 
paratively little  rubbish  is  now  used  for  ballast 
(unless  in  the  way  I  have  stated) ;  even  for 
mixing,  but  a  few  tons  a  week  are  required  up 
and  down  the  river,  and  perhaps  a  small  quantity 
from  the  wharfs  on  the  several  canals.  Nothing 
was  ever  paid  for  the  use  of  this  rubbish  as  ballast, 
the  carters  being  well  satisfied  to  have  the  privilege 
of  shooting  it  Two  of  the  principal  shoots  by 
the  river  side  were  at  Bell-wharf,  Shadwell,  and 
off  Wapping-Btreet.  The  rubbish  of  Rotherhithe, 
it  will  be  seen,  is  mainly  "  shot  "  as  ballast. 

The  **  hard-core"  is  readily  got  rid  of;  some- 
times it  is  shot  gratuitously  (or  merely  with  a 
small  gratuity  for  beer  to  the  men) ;  but  if  it  have 
to  be  carted  three  or  four  miles,  it  is  from  Is.  6d.  to 
34.  a  load.  This  is  used  for  the  foundations  of 
houses,  the  groundwork  of  roads,  and  other  pur- 
poses where  a  hard  substratum  is  required.  The 
hard-core  on  a  new  road  is  usually  about  nine 
inches  deep.  There  are  on  an  average  20  miles 
of  streets,  15  yards  wide,  formed  annually  in 
London.  Hence  there  would  be  upwards  of 
100,000  loads  of  hard-core  required  for  this 
purpose  alone.  Where  the  soil  is  of  a  gravelly 
nature,  but  little  hard  rubbish  is  needed.  Oyster- 
shells  did  form  a  much  greater  portion  than  they 
do  now  of  the  bard  substratum  of  roads.  Eight 
or  nine  yean  ago  the  costermongers  could  sell 
their  oyster-sbells  for  Od.  a  bushel.  Now  they 
cannot,  or  do  not,  sell  them  at  all ;  and  the  law  not 
only  forbids  their  deposit  in  any  place  whatever, 
but  forbids  their  being  scattered  in  the  streets, 
under  a  penalty  of  51.  But  as  the  same  law 
provides  no  place  where  these  shells  may  be 
deposited,  the  costermongers  are  in  what  one  of 
them  described  to  me  as  "a  quandary."  One  man, 
who  with  his  wife  kept  two  stalls  in  Tottenham 
Court-road,  one  for  fish  (fresh  and  dried)  and 
for  shell-fith,  and  the  other  for  fruit  and  Tege- 


tables,  told  me  that  he  gave  "one  of  those  poor 
long-legged  fellows  who  were  neither  men  nor 
boys,  and  who  were  always  starving  and  hang- 
ing about  for  a  two-penny  job,  two-pence  to  carry 
away  a  hamper-full  of  shells  and  get  rid  of  them 
as  he  best  could.  0,  where  he  put  them,  sir," 
said  the  man,  "  I  don't  know,  I  wouldn't  know  ; 
and  I  shouldn't  have  mentioned  it  to  you,  only 
I  saw  you  last  winter  and  know  you're  in- 
quiring for  an  honest  purpose." 

Another  costermonger  who  has  a  large  barrow 
of  oysters  and  mussels,  and  sometimes  of  "  wet 
fish "  near  King's-cross,  and  at  the  junction  of 
Leather-lane  with  Back-hill,  Hatton-garden,  was 
more  communicative :  "If  you  '11  walk  on  \vith 
me,  sir,"  he  said,  "I'll  show  you  where  they're 
shot.  You  may  mention  my  name  if  you  like,  sir ;  I 

don't  care  a  d for  the  crushers  ;  not  a  blessed 

d ."     He  accordingly  conducted  me  to  a  place 

which  seemed  adapted  for  the  special  purpose.  At 
the  foot  of  SafFron-hill  and  the  adjacent  streets 
runs  the  Fleet-ditch,  now  a  branch  of  the  common 
sewers ;  not  covered  over  as  in  other  parts,  but 
open,  noisome,  and,  as  the  dark  water  flows  on, 
throwing  up  a  sickening  stench.  The  ditch  is  in- 
differently fenced,  so  that  any  one  with  a  little 
precaution  may  throw  what  he  pleases  into  it. 
"There,  sir,"  said  my  companion,  "there's  the 
place  where  more  oyster-shells  is  thrown  than 
anywhere  in  London.  They're  thrown  in  in 
the  dark."  Assuredly  the  great  share  of  blame  is 
not  to  those  who  avail  themselves  of  such  places 
for  illegal  purposes,  but  to  those  who  leave  such 
filthy  receptacles  available.  The  scattered  oyster- 
shells  along  all  the  approaches,  on  both  sides,  to 
this  part  of  the  open  Fleet-ditch,  evince  the  use 
that  is  made  of  it  in  violation  of  the  law.  Many 
of  the  costers,  however,  keep  the  shells  by  them 
till  they  amount  to  several  bushels,  and  then  give 
the  rubbish-carters  a  few  pence  to  dispose  of 
them  for  them. 

Some  of  the  costermongers,  again,  obtain  leave  to 
deposit  their  oyster-shells  in  the  dustmen's  yards, 
where  quantities  may  be  seen  whitening  the  dingy 
dust-heaps,  and  a  large  quantity  are  collected  with 
the  house-dust  and  ashes,  together  with  the  broken 
crockery  from  the  dust-bins  of  the  several  houses. 
The  oyster-shells  are  carted  away  with  the  pan- 
sherds,  &c.,  for  the  purposes  I  have  mentioned. 

I  now  come  to  deal  with  the  rubbish-carters, 
that  is  to  say,  with  the  labourers  engaged  in  the 
removal  of  the  "  hard  "  species  of  refuse;  of  which 
we  have  seen  there  are  between  160,000  and 
200,000  loads  annually  carted  away ;  the  refuse 
earth,  or  "  soft  dirt,"  being  generally  removed  by 
the  builders'  men,  and  the  refuse,  crockeryware, 
&c.,  by  the  dustmen,  when  collecting  the  dust 
from  the  "  bins  "  of  the  several  houses. 

The  master  Rubbish- Carters  are  those  who  keep 
carts  and  horses  to  be  hired  for  carting  away 
the  old  materials  when  houses  or  walls  are  pulled 
down.  They  are  also  occasionally  engaged  in 
carrying  away  the  soil  or  rubbish  thrown  up 
from  the  foundations  of  buildings ;  the  excava- 
tions of  docks,  canals,   and  sewers-;  the  digging 


2S8 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  artesian  wells,  &c.  This  seems  to  comprise 
what  in  this  carrying  or  removing  trade  is  ac- 
counted "  rubbish." 

Perhaps  not  one  of  these  tradesmen  is  solely 
a  rubbish-carter,  for  they  are  likewise  the  carters 
of  new  materials  for  the  use  of  builders,  such  as 
lime,  bricks,  stone,  gravel,  slates,  timber,  iron- 
work, chimney-pieces,  &c.  Some  of  them  are 
public  carmen ;  licensed  carmen  if  they  work,  or 
ply,  in  the  City ;  but  beyond  the  City  boundaries 
no  licence  is  necessary.  This  complication  per- 
plexes the  inquiry,  but  I  purpose  to  confine  it,  as 
much  as  possible,  to  the  rubbish-carters  proper, 
having  defined  what  may  be  understood  by 
"rubbish,"  These  carters  are  also  employed  in 
digging,  pick-axing,  &c.,  at  the  buildings,  the 
rubbish  of  which  they  are  engaged  to  remove. 

Among  the  conveyors  of  rubbish  are  no  dis- 
tinctions as  to  the  kind.  Any  of  them  will  one 
week  cart  old  bricks  from  a  house  which  has  been 
pulled  down,  and  the  next  week  be  busy  in  re- 
moving the  soil  excavated  where  the  foundations 
and  cellars  of  a  new  mansion  have  been  dug. 

From  inquiries  made  in  each  of  the  different 
districts  of  the  metropolis,  there  appear  to  be 
from  140  to  150  tradesmen  who,  with  the  carting 
of  bricks,  lime,  and  other  building  commo- 
dities, add  also  that  of  rubbish-carting.  These 
"masters"  among  them  find  employment  for  840 
labouring  men,  some  of  whom  I  find  to  have  been 
in  the  8er\-ice  of  the  same  employer  upwards  of 
20  years. 

The  Po3t-Office  Directory,  under  the  head  of 
rubbish-carters,  gives  the  names  of  only  35  of  the 
principal  masters,  of  whom  several  are  marked  as 
scavagers,  dust-contractors,  nightmen,  and  road- 
contractors.  The  occupation  abstract  of  the 
census,  on  the  other  hand,  totally  ignores  the 
existence  of  any  such  class  of  workmen,  masters 
as  well  as  operatives.  I  find,  however,  by  actual 
visitation  and  inquiry  in  each  of  the  metropolitan 
districts,  and  thus  learning  the  names  of  the 
several  masters  as  well  as  the  number  of  men  in 
their  employment,  that  there  may  be  said  to  be, 
in  round  numbers,  150  master  rubbish-carters, 
employing  among  them  840  operatives  throughout 
London. 

A  large  proportion  of  this  number  of  labouring 
men,  however,  are  casual  hands,  who  have  been 
taken  on  when  the  trade  was  busy  during  the 
summer  (which  is  the  the  "brisk  season"  of 
rubbish-cartage),  and  who  are  discharged  in  the 
slack  time;  during  which  period  they  obtain  jobs 
at  dust-carting  or  scavaging,  or  some  such  out- 
door employment.  Among  the  employers  there 
are  scarcely  any  who  are  purely  rubbish-carters, 
the  large  majority  consisting  of  dust  and  road- 
contractors,  carmen,  dairymen,  and  persons  who 
have  two  or  three  horses  and  carts  at  their  dis- 
posal. When  a  master  builder  or  bricklayer 
obtains  a  contract,  he  hires  horses  and  carts  to 
take  away  any  rubbish  which  may  previously 
have  been  deposited.  The  contract  of  the  King's 
Cross  Terminus  of  the  Great  Northern  Railway, 
for  instance,  has  been  undertaken  by  Mr.  W. 
Jay,  the  builder ;  and,  not  having  sufficient  con- 


veyances to  cart  the  rubbish  away,  he  has  hired 
horses  and  carts  of  others  to  assist  in  the  removal 
of  it.  The  same  mode  is  adopted  in  other  parts 
of  the  metropolis,  where  any  improvements  are 
going  on.  The  owners  of  horses  and  carts  let 
them  out  to  hire  at  from  75.  for  one  horse,  to  145. 
for  two  per  day.  If,  however,  the  job  be  un- 
usually large,  the  master  rubbish-carters  often 
take  it  by  contract  themselves. 

Although  the  operative  rullish-carters  may  be 
classed  among  unskilled  labourers,  they  are,  per- 
haps, less  miscellaneous,  as  a  body,  than  other 
classes  of  open-air  workers.  Before  they  can 
obtain  work  of  the  best  description  it  is  necessary 
that  they  should  have  some  knowledge  of  the 
management  of  a  horse  in  the  drawing  of  a  loaded 
carriage,  or  of  the  way  in  which  the  animal 
should  be  groomed  and  tended  in  the  stable.  I 
was  told  by  an  experienced  carman,  that  he,  or 
any  one  with  far  less  than  his  experience,  could 
in  a  moment  detect,  merely  by  the  mode  in  whicli 
a  man  would  put  the  harness  on  a  horse  and  yoke 
him  to  the  cart,  whether  he  was  likely  to  prove 
a  master  of  his  craft  in  that  line  or  not.  My 
informant  had  noticed,  more  especially  many  years 
ago,  when  labour  was  not  so  abundantly  obtain- 
able as  it  was  last  year,  that  men  out  of  work 
would  offer  him  their  services  as  carmen  even  if 
they  had  never  handled  a  whip  in  their  lives,  as 
if  little  more  were  wanted  than  to  walk  by  the 
horse's  side.  An  experienced  carter  knows  how 
to  ease  and  direct  the  animal  when  heavily  bur- 
dened, or  when  the  road  is  rugged  ;  and  I  am 
assured  by  the  same  informant,  that  he  had  known 
one  of  his  horses  more  fatigued  after  traversing  a 
dozen  miles  with  a  "yokel"  (as  he  called  him), 
or  an  incompetent  man,  than  the  animal  had  been 
after  a  fifteen  miles'  journey  with  the  same  load 
under  the  care  of  a  careful  and  judicious  driver. 
This  knowledge  of  the  management  of  a  horse  is 
most  essential  when  men  are  employed  to  work 
"  single-handed,"  or  have  confided  to  them  singly 
a  horse  and  cart ;  when  they  work  in  gangs  it  is 
not  insisted  upon,  except  as  regards  the  "  car- 
man," or  the  man  having  charge  of  the  horse  or 
the  team. 

The  master  rubbish-carters  generally  are  more 
particular  than  they  used  to  be  as  to  the  men 
to  whom  they  commit  the  care  of  their  horses. 
It  may  be  easy  enough  to  learn  to  drive  a 
horse  and  cart,  but  a  casual  labourer  will  now 
hardly  get  employment  in  rubbish-carting  of  a 
"good  sort"  imless  he  has  attained  that  preli- 
minary knowledge.  The  foreman  of  one  of  the 
principal  contractors  said  to  me,  "  It  would  never 
do  to  let  a  man  learn  his  business  by  practising  on 
our  horses,"  I  mention  this  to  show,  that  although 
rubbish-carting  is  to  be  classed  among  unskilled 
labours,  some  training  is  necessary. 

I  am  informed  that  one-third  of  the  working 
rubbish-carters  have  been  rubbish-carters  from 
their  youth,  or  cart,  car,  or  waggon-drivers,  for 
they  all  seem  to  have  known  changes ;  or  they 
have  been  used  to  the  care  of  horses  in  the  capacity 
of  ostlers,  stable-men,  helpers,  coaching-inn  por- 
ters, coachmen,  grooms,  and  horse-breakers.     Of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


289 


the  remainder,  one-half,  I  am  informed,  have 
"had  a  tarn"  at  such  avocations  as  scavagery, 
bricklayers'  labourinjf,  dock  work,  railway  ex- 
cavating, night  work,  and  the  many  toils  to 
which  such  men  resort  in  their  struggles  to 
obtain  bread,  whatever  may  have  been  their 
original  occupation,  which  is  rarely  that  of  an 
artizan.  The  other,  and  what  nmy  be  called 
the  greater  half  of  the  remaining  number,  is  com- 
posed of  agricultural  labourers  who  were  rubbish- 
carters  in  the  country,  and  of  the  many  men 
who  have  had  the  care  of  horses  and  vehicles 
in  the  provinces,  and  who  have  sought  the  me- 
tropolis, depending  upon  their  thews  and  sinews 
for  a  livelihood,  as  porters,  or  carmen,  or  labourers 
in  almost  any  capacity.  The  most  of  these  men 
at  the  plough,  the  harrow,  the  manure-cart,  the 
hay  and  com  harvests,  have  been  practised  carters 
and  horse  drivers  before  they  sought  the  expected 
gold  in  the  streets  of  London.  Full  a  third  of 
the  whole  body  of  rubbish-carters  are  Irishmen, 
who  in  Ireland  were  small  fjirmers,  or  cottiers,  or 
agricultural  labourers,  or  belonged  to  some  of  the 
classes  I  have  described. 

The  mechanics  among  rubbish-carters  I  heard 
estimated,  by  men  with  equal  means  of  informa- 
tion, as  one  in  twenty  and  one  in  fifteen.  Among 
these  quondam  mechanics  were  more  farriers, 
cart  and  wheel  wrights,  than  of  other  classes. 

It  seems  to  be  regarded  as  an  indispensable 
thing  that  working  rubbish-carters  should  have 
one  quality — bodily  strength.  I  am  told  that  one 
employer,  who  died  a  few  weeks  ago,  used  to  say 
to  any  applicant  for  work,  "  It 's  no  use  asking 
for  it,  if  you  wish  to  keep  it,  unless  you  can  lift 
a  horse  op  when  he  's  down." 

As  I  have  shown  of  the  scavagers,  &c.,  the 
employers  in  rubbish-carting  may  be  classed  as 
"  honourable"  and  "  scurfs."  The  men  do  not 
use  the  word  "  honourable,"  nor  any  equivalent 
term,  but  speak  of  their  masters,  though  with  no 
great  distinctiveness,  as  being  either  "good,"  or 
"scurfs."  As  in  other  branches  of  unskilled  la- 
bour where  there  are  no  trade  societies  or  general 
trade  regulations  among  the  operatives,  there  are 
few  distinctive  appellations. 

From  the  facts  I  have  collected  in  connection 
w^ith  this  trade,  it  would  appear  that  there  are  180 
master  rubbish-carters  in  the  metropolis,  about 
140  of  whom  pay  \%*.  or  more  per  week  as 
wages,  while  the  remaining  40  pay  less  than  that 
amount.  The  latter  constitute  what  the  men 
term  the  scurf  portion  of  the  trade;  so  that  the 
bonourable  masters  among  the  rubbish-carters  may 
be  said  to  comprise  seven-ninths  of  the  whole. 

I  will  first  treat  of  the  circumstances,  charac- 
teristics, and  wages  of  the  men  employed  in  the 
bonourable  trade. 

And  first,  as  regards  th*  division  qf  labour 
among  the  operatire  nibbisb-carters,  the  work  is  at 
simple  as  possible. 

There  are — 

1.  The  Rubfnth-Carifrg  proper,  or  "carmen," 
who  are  engaged  principally  in  conveying  the 
refuse  brick  or  earth  to  the  several  shoots. 

2.  T/te  RubOisfiUhoveUns,  or  " gangen/'  who 


j  are  engaged  principally  in  filling  the  cart  with  the 

I  rubbish  to  be  removed.     Generally  speaking,  the 

j  two  ojfices  are  performed  by  the  same  individual, 

who  is  both  carter  and  shoveller,  and  it  is  onlj'  in 

large  works  that  the  gangers  are  employed. 

Master  builders  and  others  who  require  the  aid 
of  rubbish-carters  for  the  removal  of  earth  or 
any  other  kind  of  rubbish  from  ground  about  to 
be  built  upon,  or  from  old  buildings  about  to  be 
repaired  or  pulled  down,  either  hire  horses,  carts, 
and  carmen,  by  the  day,  of  the  master  rubbish- 
carters,  or  pay  a  certain  price  per  load  for  the 
removal  of  the  rubbish.  If  the  job  be  likely  to 
last  some  length  of  time,  the  builders  pay  the 
masters  so  much  per  load  for  carting  away  the 
rubbish;  but  if  the  job  be  only  for  a  short  period, 
the  horses,  carts,  and  carmen  are  hired  of  the 
masters  for  the  time.  The  price  paid  to  the  master 
rubbish-carter  ranges  from  2s.  6d.  to  3s.  Gd.  per 
load  for  the  removal  of  rubbish  and  bringing 
back  such  bricks,  lime,  or  sand  as  may  be  required 
for  the  building.  The  master  rubbish-carter,  in  all 
cases,  pays  the  men  engaged  in  the  removal  of  the 
rubbish. 

The  operative  rubbish-carters  (except  in  a  very 
few  instances)  never  work  in  gangs,  either  in  the 
constniction  of  new  buildings  or  in  old  buildings 
about  to  be  pulled  down  or  repaired.  In  digging 
the  foundations  of  new  houses,  the  master  builders, 
or  speculators,  building  upon  their  own  ground 
employ  their  own  excavators,  and  engage  rubbish- 
carters  to  remove  the  refuse  earth,  the  latter  being 
merely  occupied  in  carting  it  away. 

The  principle  of  simple  co-operation  or  gang- 
work  occasionally  prevails ;  and,  when  this  is  the 
case,  the  gang  is  employed  in  shovelling  and  pick- 
ing, while  the  carman,  as  the  shovellers  throw 
out  the  rubbish,  fills  or  shovels  the  rubbish  into 
the  cart. 

Each  rubbish-carter  will,  on  an  average,  convey 
away  from  two  to  five  loads  a  day,  according  to 
the  distance  he  has  to  take  it.  Calculating  850 
men  to  remove  four  loads  per  diem  for  five 
months  in  a  year,  the  gross  quantity  of  rubbish 
annually  removed  would  be  very  nearly  326,000 
loads. 

In  the  regular  trade  the  hours  of  daily  labour 
are  twelve,  or  from  six  to  six ;  but  the  men  are 
allowed  half  an  hour  for  breakfast,  an  hour  for 
dinner,  and  half  an  hour  for  tea,  and  almost  in- 
variably leave  at  half-past  five,  so  postponing  the 
"tea"  half-hour  imtil  after  the  termination  of 
their  work.  In  winter  the  hours  are  generally 
"  between  the  lights,"  but  on  very  short,  dark,  or 
foggy  days,  lanterns  are  used.  The  men  em- 
ployed by  one  firm  "  often  made  up,"  I  was  told 
by  one  of  them,  "  for  lost  time,  by  shovelling  by 
moonlight."  The  carman,  however,  has  to  get  to 
bis  stable  in  the  summer  at  four  o'clock  in  the 
morning,  and  to  tend  his  horse  after  he  has  done 
work  at  night ;  so  that  the  usual  hours  of  labour 
with  him  are  fifteen  and  sixteen  per  day,  as  well 
as  Sunday-work. 

The  rubbish-carters  are  paid  hy  (he  iceel,  1 8.y.  to 
20».  being  the  weekly  amount;  and  by  the  load, 
which  is  indeed  piece-work.     The  payment  to  the 


Ko.  XLIII. 


290 


Q 

>=! 

W 

pel 

> 

W 

» 

EH 

>H 

g 

m 

t^ 

-9l 

o 

^: 

g 

w 

p^ 

t— 1 

J^ 

« 

O 

PA 

« 

t) 

fe; 

rt 

o 

o 

El 

P 

El 

CO    CO 
Ph    < 

o 

W 
m 


P5 

p  a 

(^  p^ 

!>  >H 

i-i  M 

IS 

Ah  tii 

O  ClJ 

o  ^   ^ 

cd  f^    W 

g  O    >H 

g  P^    H 


p   pq 

r^      P 


W  P^ 

EH  P 

~  O 

^  &H 


W    ><    te 

f^  «  ^ 

Eh 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


•SapiH3-nsiq 

qnn  }B  s3uB0  uj  Siii 

0{JOMS9Ai)8J3do  aqi 

JO  sa3Bw  Aiyi39M 


•3uiWB3-qsiqqny 
JO  S33ba\.  Al>[33Ai 


•qsiqqny  yuiAOuiaH 
aj  '  paaBSuo'si  8aii 

-BjaUQ  l{9Bd  JBdA  3\\% 
Suunp  S5133M  JO  -OM 


•guijJBj-qsiqqnH 

}B  p3AO[dlU3  SI  3AIJ 

-Biado  qoBa  iiaaii 
aqi  ui  sivp  JO  'OM 


•XiiB 
-nnav  paWBD  qsiq 
-qnn  JO  XjijuBnf) 


•X[rea  paVB3  qsiq 
-qrin  JO  AipuBnb 


•s3UBO  Ut  gul5{10M 

swnaAoqs  JO  -om 


•siawB3-qsiqqna 
aAHBjado  jo  'o^j 


;o80D»eeoocc9eooswo8oeooaooo®eo»09Coooo8>o»e3os5scoos«ou5«ooooD«oe; 


OT1.Tl.s^.e25o^«^«>^g■*«n■*■<r«ga5p;o■*^5WoeoPseoo^WK»«o■^1<«o»eo-o«o< 


>a«o««ow»5050«ototBW«c»«o«o»meow«onc<5eoowww<i'nP5c<;eoe<5wco 


O  -^  CO -^  CO  CO  i-^»ot^  ^^ 


a52j;22S®«S^SS22*®''*SSSS°'SS*^S£i^*'"*S2S'*°''"^°^*' 


cococo'*coto>o««5»oeo-*©ieooq©©o«5(M»r;«5  0>iN-«i<«co<N(NW'*eo(NO'»fS3e<3 


s  s 


>>^: 


=11  oi^"^ 


2|£S>>E?: 


-§.£- 


ij^pHo;Stfp;pqucQE-'?inQaOHc«?ou;2;tfH;^H«s;uu^H<2 

1 1  i  1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1  i  1 1 1 1 1 1 1  [  1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 


1 1 


•SUIJIB3-  qsiq 

-qnn  ;b  sSubo  a;  Siii 

-jjjOMsaAijBaado  aqi 

JO  saSB^V.  ^RaaA 


•si3;jB3-qsiqqna 
JO  saSBAV  ^1^39  AV 


qsiqqny  3aiA0Uia>j 
ur  '  P33b3u3  '  SI  baij 
-Bi3doq3B3  iBaA  aq; 
3uunp  s5iaaAv  jo  •o>i 


•SuiUB.o-qsiqqny 

)B  paXo[duid  SI  aAi) 

-Bjado  qaBa  ">iaa«v 

aqj  UI  sAbp  jo  'Ofi 

•XiiB 
-nuuv  paw«a  qsiq 
-qnn  JO  XjnuBn5 


•AjiBQ  pajJBD  qsiq 
-qriH  JO  A:ii}UBn'5 


•sSuBo  UI  3ui5lJOM 
siaijaAoqs  jb  'Ojsj 


•sia;jB3-qsiqqny 
aAi)BJ(ado  }o  -om 


:gS 


)O50600OS03OS0OeO00eSCO»0C06»COCOWCIC3S3S355S;»CO09e00OC0OS0O3S 


cp!0!C?oto»«ots«o»5oeocococoo»oeo!»«C!0»«weoeocoeooic.  «5swt»«o 

Si(N<NCSG^I(N»J<?<(N<N<Nrt'-cr-ii-(©ai-ii-iC>q(N(N(N<Nr-i.-ci-.rHi-i        C0l5jtM<N<M»^ 


ttWOW!0'O!0»!»W«>-O!S'OO'O-O»«!n-O«0W«0'O50«>«!r>«)50CC-««"WO 


'  ©  Ot>»t^IN  (M  -1-  T  CO  ©  -T  Ol  t^-r^O)  'WQ^-^OiO^-r  1^-f*  -^  'M  —  ©  3;  t>-o  (?)  <N 


■  COCO(N<?»        (Mr-        r-ci-H  i-(  <N  (M  CO  !>>  CO  CO  »  "-i --^  f 


(>J  <N -^  I-  CO  CO 


;>c©,aioj(>jo©»o>o«ocotcee>o'o  »©  =  ©'«©©©-'»'« 

J  rl  I— <  r^  Ol  CN  1^  I— (         F^  rH  f— 1  i— I  ^-^  CO  CO  O*  ^^  Ol  OJ  "^  C^  »-^ '^ 


©CO»-0(M-0-*©  =  © 


useoc5eoc<5©©'«»oc<i«0'«i'««5«0'*<050>aeo«5«sooeoe«"*»oo»>a{0'*eo©<o'0 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


291 


=  =  =  xcc««»x»5sae3D»esxoe5e»»t^e^»^t*ososeoooocoooseo><soooo»>ovs'*t>.©»5c>a«o«5ift>a>o>a«(S>o«)o>c«^ 


®222'*2222'*"*'*S*'*'®§'**®52**2222*"*'®'*222222*£J''S222''^2S222*22'° 


^c•o«eo•*««sw»««c<s«o»«ow«oo■*^«c®««o^■*««w•*■^w^oweoe5«o«o®»<Offl«a»50^5*>e««rtoo^oc<5 


MM     MM'«MM-v  SiAOiSiSi         ©<«     -,-,'^<N"-< 


'«S5?2g 


0«S»CO»(N®<N50-*©©05>0(MX5^ 


r5«00».*CSOO»«SWM-H«0«»«0'*««»«0«0^eO©OOM«MO»©«rtOOe(NvO«S<NiO©»©l«5«000-<*'*>  06>«  ■*  w  «o  »  !0  ■* 


I  I  I  I  M  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  i  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  i  I  I 


I  Hi 


Mil 

S5   «   a5« 


S5SSSSSSSSSSS22IS22S2m52m22S222222222Sm222m2mS2222^2S222 


c:s9eon^3sc9no«nwc3tDn«neoweoeon«sw>oncotoc}'^'«>Qeoneon0)nnaecon;o'4<n'«>Q>Q«oocoeoneoao 


i5;S222« 


^56^*'^^^'' 


o  CO  99  09  <o  CD  «o  eo  ^  :9  «D  »  eo  «0  CO  «D  «  o  « CO  CO  e9  :o  CO  CO  CO  to  CO  «o  « <o  09  eo  00  ;o  CO  CO  CO  CO  CO  CO  ^  CO  to  CO  CO  <D  ^  CO  CO  CO  CO  CO  CO  :d 


00  oo  00  OD  2  2  Z  ^  £  ^  ^  fi  ^  *  "^  ^  ^  ®  ^  ^  S  fi  ^  £  ^  iS  ^  ^  ®  I?*  ^  ^ 


»SJ5282!»8 


SS28S«2!2»S2S$SaS222S£J«8gS?5 '■•«'*' 


ie>e«n'«>«>»«oe9Mio>«M»eme<M<N 


:?: 


-  -  P  32 


8  i'? 


11  = 


I  ill  ''t" 


li=8srr:!:=£^-5=-5^s^ 


IP 


I  1  i  1  1  1  M  1  I  1  1  I  I  1  t  i  1  I  1  1  1  1  i  1  i  1  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  i  I  I  I 


i 


f  H  lit  H 


!^l 


8    s 


292 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


operatives  by  the  load  varies  from  6rf.  to  Is,  Qd., 
for  it  is  necessarily  regulated  by  the  distance  to 
be  traversed.  If  the  rubbish  have  to  be  carted  a 
mile  to  its  destination — or,  as  the  men  call  it,  to 
"  the  shoot" — of  course  it  is  to  be  so  conveyed  at 
a  proportionally  lower  rate  than  if  it  had  to  be 
,  driven  two  or  three  miles.  The  employment  of 
men  by  the  load,  however,  becomes  less  every 
year,  and  the  reason,  I  am  assured,  is  this  :— 
The  great  stress  of  the  labour  falls  upon  the 
horse.  If  the  animal  be  strong  and  manageable, 
a  man,  for  the  sake  of  conveying  an  extra  load  a 
da}',  might  overtax  its  powers,  injure  it  gradually, 
and  deteriorate  its  strength  and  its  value.  The 
operative  carters,  on  their  part,  have  complained 
that  sometimes  even  "  good  "  employers  have  set 
them  to  work  by  the  load  with  '•  hard  old  horses," 
which  no  management  could  get  out  of  their  slow, 
long-accustomed  pace.  Thus  a  man  might  clear 
by  the  piece-work  but  Is.  Grf.  a  day,  with  a  horse 
not  worth  15/. ;  while  another  carter,  with  a 
superior  animal  worth  twice  as  much,  might  clear 
3s.  or  3s.  6(Z.  Some  "  hard "  masters,  I  was 
informed,  liked  these  old  horses,  because  they 
were  bought  cheap,  and  though  they  brought  in 
less  than  superior  animals  they  were  easier  kept ; 
while  if  less  were  earned  by  the  piece-work  with 
such  horses,  less  was  paid  in  wages ;  and  if  the 
horse  broke  its  leg,  or  was  killed,  or  injured,  it 
was  more  easily  replaced.  This  mode  of  employ- 
ment is,  as  I  have  said,  less  and  less  carried  into 
effect ;  but  it  is  still  one  of  the  ways  in  which 
a  working  carter  may  be  made  a  sufferer,  because 
a  principal  accessary  of  his  work — the  horse — may 
not  be  capable  of  the  requisite  exertion. 

The  nominal  wages  of  the  rubbish-carters  in 
the  best  employ  are  from  18s.  to  20s.  a  week ;  in 
the  worse-paid  trade  15s.  is  the  more  general 
price;  but  even  as  little  as  12s.  is  given  by  some 
masters. 

The  actual  wages  are  the  same  as  the  nominal 
in  the  honourable  trade,  with  the  addition  of 
perquisites  in  beer  to  the  men  of  from  Is.  to  2s. 
weekly,  and  of  "findings,'*  especially  to  the 
carmen,  of  an  amount  I  could  not  ascertain,  but 
perhaps  realizing  6rf.  a  week.  One  carman  put 
all  he  found  on  one  side  to  buy  new  year's  clothes 
for  his  children,  and  on  new  year's  eve  last  year 
he  had  48s.  Q\d.,  "  money,  and  what  brought 
money ;  "  but  this  is  far  from  an  usual  case. 

The  rate  of  wages  paid  to  the  operative  rub- 
bish-carters throughout  the  different  districts  of 
London,  I  find,  by  inquiries  in  each  locality,  to 
be  by  no  means  uniform.  For  instance,  at 
Hampstead  the  wages  are  unexceptionally  20s. 
per  week;  while  at  Kensington,  Chelsea,  and 
indeed  the  whole  of  the  west  districts  of  Lon- 
don, they  are  18s.  weekly;  iu  St.  Martin's 
parish,  however,  19s.  a  week  is  paid  by  two 
masters.  In  the  north  districts  again,  18s.  a 
week  is  generally  paid ;  with  the  exception  of 
Hampstead,  where  the  weekly  wages  for  the  same 
labour  are  as  high  as  20s.,  and  Islington,  where 
they  are  as  low  as  16s.  In  the  central  districts, 
too,  the  wages  are  generally  18s.;  the  lower  rate 
of  17s.  and  16s.  per  week  being  paid  in  certain 


places  by  "cutting"  and  "grasping"  individuals, 
who  form  isolated  exceptions  to  the  rule.  In 
a  certain  portion  of  the  eastern  districts,  such  as 
]5ethnal  Green,  St.  George's  in  the  East,  and 
Stepney,  16s.  and  15s.  a  week  appears  to  be  the 
rule;  while  in  Shoreditch  and  Poplar  18s.  is  paid 
by  all  the  masters.  The  southern  districts  of  the 
metropolis  are  equally  irregular  in  their  rates  of 
wages.  Lewisham  pays  as  low  as  15s.,  and 
Woolwich  the  same  weekly  sum,  with  one  excep- 
tion. Wandsworth,  on  the  other  hand,  pays 
uniformly  17s. ;  while  in  South  wark,  Bermondsey, 
Newington,  and  Camberwell,  the  wages  paid  by 
all  are  18s.  In  Lambeth  as  much  as  19s.  is 
given  by  two  masters  out  of  three;  whereas,  in 
Greenwich  one  master  pays  14s..  and  the  other 
even  as  low  as  12s.  a  week.  When  I  come  to 
treat  of  the  lower-paid  trade,  I  shall  explain  the 
causes  of  the  above  difference  as  regards  wages. 

The  analysis  of  the  facts  I  have  collected  on 
this  subject  is  as  follows  : — Out  of  180  masters, 
employing  among  them  840  men,  there  are — 

Wages 

per 
Week. 
5  masters  employing  11  men,  and  paying  20a. 

5  „  „  30  „  „  19s. 
127       „              „        605           „  „      18s. 

6  „  „  20  „  „  17s. 
16  „  „  70  „  „  16s. 
19       .,              „         97           „            „      15s. 

1       „  „  5  „  „      14s. 

1       „  „  2  „  „      12s. 

Hence,  three-fourths  of  the  operatives  may  be 
said  to  receive  18s.  weekly,  and  about  one-sixth 
16s. 

The  perquisites  in  this  trade  are  more  in  beer 
than  in  money,  nor  are  they  derived  from  the 
employers,  unless  exceptionally.  They  are  given 
to  the  rubbish-carters  by  the  owners  of  the  pre- 
mises where  they  work,  and  may,  in  the  best 
trade,  amount,  in  beer  or  in  money  to  buy  beer,  to 
from  Is.  Qd.  to  2s.  weekly  per  man.  The  other 
perquisites  are  what  is  found  in  the  digging  of 
the  rubbish  for  the  carts,  and  in  the  shooting 
of  it.  As  in  other  trades  of  a  not  dissimilar 
character,  there  appears  to  be  no  fixed  rule  as 
to  "treasure  trove."  One  man  told  me  that  in 
digging  or  shovelling  each  man  kept  what  he 
found;  another  said  the  men  drank  it.  Any- 
thing found,  however,  when  the  cart  is  emptied 
is  the  perquisite  of  the  carman.  "  It's  luck  as  is 
everything ; "  said  one  carman.  "  There  was  a  mate 
of  mine  as  hadn't  not  no  better  work  nor  me, 
once  found  an  old  silver  coin,  like  a  bad  half-crown, 
as  a  gen'lnian  he  knowed  gave  him  live  good 
shillings  for,  and  he  found  a  silver  spoon  as  fetched 
Is.  9rf.,  in  one  week,  and  that  same  week  on  the 
same  ground  /got  nothing  but  five  bad  ha'pennies. 
I  once  worked  in  the  City  where  the  Sun  office 
now  is,  just  by  the  Hall  of  Commerce  in  Thread- 
needle-street,  and  something  was  found  in  the 
Hall  as  now  is ;  it  was  a  French  church  once ; 
and  an  old  gent  gave  us  on  the  sly  Is.  a  day  for 
beer,  to  show   him  or  tell   him  of  anything  we 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


turned  up  queer.  "We  did  show  him  things  as 
we  thought  queer,  and  they  looked  queer,  but  he 
alius  said  '  Chi-ish,'  or  '  da-anm.'  From  what 
I  've  heard  him  say  to  another  old  cove  as  some- 
times was  with  him.  they  looked  for  soraetliing 
Rnnian  Catholic."  My  informant  no  doubt  niecUit 
"  Roman,"  as  in  digging  the  foundations  of  the 
Hall  of  Commerce  a  tesselated  Roman  pavement 
was  found  at  a  great  depth. 

Among  these  workmen  are  no  Trade  Societies, 
no  Btufjit  or  Sick-Cluhn,  and,  indeed,  no  measures 
whatever  for  the  upholding  of  accustomed  wa;ies, 
or  providing  "  for  a  rainy  day,"  unless  individu- 
ally. If  a  rubbish-carter  be  sick,  the  men  in  the 
same  employ,  whatever  their  number,  ]0  or  40, 
contribute  on  the  Saturday  evenings  ^d.  each, 
towards  his  support,  until  the  patient's  conva- 
lescence.    I'here  are  no  Houses  of  Call. 

The  payment  is  in  the  master's  yaixi  on  the 
Ratiu-day  evening,  and  always  in  money.  There 
are  no  drawbacks,  unless  ior  any  period  during 
the  hours  of  regular  labour,  when  a  man  may 
have  been  absent  from  his  work.  Fines  there  are 
none,  except  in  large  esfciblishments  among  the 
carmen  where  many  horses  are  kept,  and  then,  if 
a  man  do  not  keep  his  regular  stable-hours  in  the 
mornings,  especially  the  Sunday  mornings,  he  is 
fined  6d.  These  fines  are  spent  by  the  carmen 
generally,  and  most  frequently  in  beer. 

The  usual  vay  of  applying  for  icorkhs  to  call 
at  the  yards  or  premises,  or,  more  frequently,  to 
take  a  round  in  the  districts  where  it  is  known 
liii:  'i;;i;l(lings  or  excavations  are  being  carried  oji, 
:  1  :'  lie  of  the  meji  if  a  hand  be  wanted. 
^o;iit;.iucs  a  foreman  may  be  there  who  has 
authority  to  "put  on"  new  hands;  if  not,  the 
applicant,  with  the  prospect  of  an  engagement  in 
Tiew,  calls  upon  any  party  he  may  l)e  directed  to. 
Several  men  told  me  that  when  they  were  engaged 
nothing  was  said  about  character.  The  employers 
seem  to  be  much  influenced  by  the  applicant's 
appearance. 

I  must  now  give  a  brief  description  of  the 
rubbish-carter,  and  the  scene  of  his  labours. 

Any  one  who  observes,  and  does  not  merely 
see,  the  labour  of  the  nibbish-cart?r,  will  have 
been  struck  with  the  stolid  indifference  with  which 
these  men  go  alwut  their  work,  however  much 
the  scene  of  their  hibours,  from  its  historical  asso- 
ciations, may  interest  the  better  informed.  So  it 
was  when  the  rubbish  carters  were  omploypd  in 
removing  the  ruins  of  the  old  Houses  of  Parlia- 
ment,  and  of  that  portion  of  the  Tower  which 
suffered  from  the  ravages  of  the  fire;  and  so  it 
would  be  if  they  were  directed  to-morrow  to 
cnmmrnce  the  demolition  and  rubbish-cariing  of 
:  :*ter  Abbey,  the  Temple  Church,  or  St. 
en  in  their  present  iiitcgrity. 

.  .Mii;iimes  the  scene  of  Uie  rubbish-carter's 
industry  present"!  what  may  be  call-d  a  "  piteous 
aspect."  This  was  not  long  ago  the  case  in 
Cannon -street,  City,  and  the  adjacent  couru  and 
alleys  ;  whea  the  houses  had  been  cleared  of  their 
furniture,  the  windows  were  removed  (giving  the 
house  what  may  l»e  styled  a  "  blind  "  lo«ik) ;  most 
of  the  doors  had  been  taken  away,  as  well  as  Mm* 


of  the  floors.  Large  cyphers,  scrawled  in  white- 
wash on  the  walls  and  woodwork,  intimated  the 
different  ''lots,"  and  all  spoke  of  desertion;  the 
only  moving  thing  to  be  seen,  perhaps,  was  some 
flapping  paper,  torn  fn)m  the  sides  of  a  room  and 
which  fluttered  in  the  wind. 

A  scene  of  exceeding  bustle  follows  the  ap- 
parent desolateness  of  the  premises.  When  the 
whole  has  been  disposed  of  to  the  several  pur- 
chasers, the  further  and  final  work  of  demolition 
begins.  Baskets  filled  with  the  old  bricks  are  i 
rapidly  lowered  by  ropes  and  pulleys  into  the  carts  j 
below,  it  being  the  carter's  business  to  empty 
them,  and  then  up  the  empty  baskets  are  drawn,  [ 
as  if  by  a  single  jerk.  The  sound  of  the  hammer  : 
used  in  removing  and  separating  the  old  bricks  of  j 
the  building,  the  less  frequent  sound  of  the  pick- 
axe, the  rumble  of  the  stones  and  bricks  into  the 
cart,  the  noise  of  the  pulleys,  the  shouts  of  the 
men  aloft,  crying  "  be-low  there !"  the  half-arti- 
culate exclamations  of  the  carters  choked  with 
dust,  form  a  curious  medley  of  noises.  The  atmo- 
sphere is  usually  a  cloud  of  dust,  which  sticks  to 
the  men's  hair  like  powder.  The  premises  are 
boarded  round,  and  if  adjoining  a  thoroughfare 
the  boards  .are  closely  fitted,  to  prevent  the  curious 
and  the  loiterers  obstructing  the  current  of  |>as- 
sengers.  The  work  within  is  confined  to  the 
labourers;  "  no  persons  admitted  except  on  busi- 
ness "  seems  a  rule  rigidly  enforced.  The  only 
men  inside  who  appear  idle  are  the  over-lookers, 
or  surveyors.  They  stand  with  their  hands  in  their 
breeches'  pockets  ;  and  a  stranger  to  the  business 
might  account  them  uninterested  spectators,  but 
for  the  directions  they  occasionally  give,  now 
quietly,  and  now  snappishly;  while  the  Irishmen 
show  an  excessive  degree  of  activity,  the  assump- 
tion of  which  never  deceives  an  overlooker. 

From  twelve  to  one  is  the  customary  dinner- 
hour,  and  then  all  is  quiet.  On  visiting  some 
new  buildings  at  Maida-hill,  I  found  seven  men, 
out  of  about  30,  all  fast  asleep  in  the  nooks  and 
comers  of  the  piles  of  bricks  and  rubbish,  the  day 
being  fine.  The  others  were  eating  their  dinners 
at  the  public-houses  or   at  their  own  homes. 

In  the  progress  of  pulling  down,  the  work  of 
removal  goes  on  very  rapidly  where  a  strong  force 
is  employed— the  number  varying  from  about 
twelve  to  30  men.  A  fmir-storied  house  is  often 
pulled  down  to  its  basenu!nt,and  the  contents  of  the 
walls, floors,  A:c.,  removed, in  ten  days  ora  fortnight. 

As  the  work  of  demolition  goes  on,  the  rul)bish- 
carter  loads  the  cart  with  the  old  bricks,  mortar, 
and  refuse  which  the  labourers  have  displaced. 
In  some  places,  where  a  number  of  buildings  is 
being  removed  at  the  same  time,  an  inclined  plane 
or  road  is  formed  by  the  rubbish-carters,  up  and 
down  which  the  horses  and  vehicles  can  proceed. 
Until  such  means  of  cju-riage  have  been  employed, 
the  rubbish  from  the  interior  foundation  is  often 
shot  in  a  mound  within  the  premises,  and  carried 
off  when  the  way  has  been  formed,  excepting  such 
portion  as  may  be  retained  for  any  purpose. 

In  hot  weather,  many  of  the  rubbi.sh-cartcrs  in 
the  fair  trade  work  in  their  shirts,  a  broad  woollen 
belt  being  strapped  round  tiie  waist,  wliicb,  tiiey 


294 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


saj',  supports  "the  small  of  the  back"  in  their 
frequent^  bending  and  stooping.  Some  wear 
woollen  night-caps  at  this  work  when  there  is 
much  dust ;  and  nearly  all  the  men  in  the  ho- 
nourable trade  wear  the  "strong  men's"  half- 
boots,  laced  up  in  the  front,  as  the  best  protectors 
of  the  feet  from  the  intrusion  of  rubbish. 

In  the  cold  weather,  the  rubbish-carter's  work- 
ing dress  is  usually  a  suit  of  strong  drab-white 
fustian.  The  suit  comprises  a  jacket  with  two 
large  pockets.  The  cost  of  such  a  suit,  new,  at  a 
slop-tailor's,  is  from  285.  to  35s. ;  from  a  good 
shop,  and  of  better  materials,  405.  to  5os.  Some 
prefer  stout  corduroy  to  fustian  trowsers  ;  and 
flome  work  in  short  smock-frocks. 

Having  thus  shown  the  nature  of  the  work, 
the  class  of  men  employed,  and  the  amount  of  re- 
muneration, I  proceed  to  describe  the  characteristics 
of  the  rubbish-carters  employed  by  the  honourable 
masters;  I  will  then  describe  the  state  of  the 
labourers  who  are  casually  rather  than  constantly 
employed  ;  and  finally  speak  of  the  condition  and 
habits  of  the  lower-paid  workers  under  the  cheap 
masters. 

The  Alility  to  Bead  and  Write.— I  think  I 
heard  of  fewer  instances  of  defective  education 
among  the  rubbish-carters  than  among  other 
classes  of  unskilled  labourers.  The  number  of 
men  who  could  read  and  not  write,  I  found  com- 
puted at  about  one-half.  It  appears  that  the 
children  of  these  men  are  very  generally  sent  to 
school,  which  is  certainly  a  healthful  sign  as  to 
the  desire  of  the  parents  to  do  justice  to  their 
offspring.  As  among  other  classes,  I  met  with 
uneducated  men  who  had  exaggerated  notions 
of  the  advantages  of  the  capability  of  reading 
and  writing,  and  men  who  possessed  such  capa- 
bility representing  it  as  a  worthless  acquirement. 

The  majority  of  the  Rulhish-Carters  in  the 
honourable  trade  are,  I  am  informed,  really 
married  men,  and  have  families  "  born  in  lawful 
wedlock."  One  decent  and  intelligent  man,  to 
whom  I  was  referred,  said  (his  wife  being  present 
and  confirming  his  statement) :  "  I  don't  know 
how  it  is,  sir,  but  they  say  one  scabbed  sheep 
will  affect  a  flock."  "  Oh  !  it 's  dreadful,"  said  the 
wife ;  "  but  some  way  it  seems  to  run  in  places. 
Now,  we  've  lived  among  people  much  in  our  own 
way  of  life  in  Clerkenwell,  and  Pentonville,  and 
Paddington.  Well,  we  've  reason  to  believe,  that 
there  wasn't  much  living  together  unmarried  in 
Clerkenwell  or  Pentonville,  but  a  goodish  deal  in 
Paddington.  I  don't  know  why,  for  they  seemed 
to  live  one  with  another,  just  as  men  do  with  their 
wives.  But  if  there 's  daughters,  sir,  as  is  grow- 
ing up  and  gets  to  know  it,  as  they  're  like  enough 
to  do,  ain't  it  a  bad  example'?  Yes,  indeed," 
said  the  wife,  "  and  I  'm  told  they  call  going 
together  in  that  bad  way — they  ought  all  to  be 
punished — without  ever  entering  a  church  or 
chapel,  getting  'rejidy  married.'"  I  inquired  if 
they  were   not   perhaps  married  quietly  at   the 

Kegistrar's  office  ]     "  0,  that,"  said  Mrs.  B , 

"ain't  like  being  married  at  all,  /would  never 
have  consented  to  such  a  way,  but  I  'm  pretty 
certain  they  don't  as  much  as  do  that.  No,  sir,"  (in 


answer  to  another  inquiry),  "  I  hope,  and  think, 
it  ain't  so  bad  among  young  couples  as  it  was,  but 
its  bad  enough  as  it  is,  God  he  knows."  The 
proportions  of  Wedlock  and  Concubinage  I  could 
not  learn,  for  the  woman,  I  was  assured,  always 
took  the  man's  name ;  and  both  man  and  woman, 
unless  in  their  cups  or  their  quarrels,  declared 
they  were  man  and  wife,  only  there  was  no  good 
in  wasting  money  to  get  their  "marriage  lines" 
all  for  no  use. 

The  Politics  of  the  rxiblish-carters  are,  I  am 
assured  by  some  of  the  best  informed  among 
them,  of  no  fixity,  or  principle,  or  inclination 
whatever,  as  regards  one-half  of  the  entire  body; 
and  that  the  other  half,  whether  ignorant  or  not, 
are  Chartists,  the  Irish  generally  excepted ;  and 
they,  I  understood,  as  I  had  learned  on  previous 
occasions,  had  no  political  opinions,  unless  such  as 
were  entertained  by  their  priests.  Strong,  rude, 
and  ignorant  as  many  of  these  carters  are,  I  am 
told  that  few  of  them  took  part  in  any  public 
manifestation  of  opinion,  or  in  any  disturbance, 
unless  they  were  out  of  work.  "  I  think  I  know 
them  well,"  one  of  their  body  said  to  me,  "  and 
as  long  as  they  have  pretty  middling  of  work, 
it  '11  take  a  very  great  thing  indeed  to  move  'era. 
If  they  was  longish  out  of  work  and  felt  a  pinch, 
very  likely  they  'd  be  found  ready  for  anything." 

With  res'jiect  to  Free  Trade,  I  am  told  that  these 
men  sometimes  discuss  it,  and  formerly  discussed  it 
far  more  frequently  among  themselves,  but  that 
it  was  not  above  one  in  a  dozen,  and  of  the  better 
sort  only,  who  cared  ~to  talk  about  it  either  now 
or  then.  There  seems  no  doubt  that  the  majority, 
whether  they  understand  its  principles  and  work- 
ing or  not,  are  favourable  to  it ;  I  may  say,  from 
all  I  could  learn,  that  the  great  majority  are.  I 
heard  of  one  rubbish-carter,  formerly  a  small 
farmer,  who  left  London  for  some  other  employ- 
ment, in  the  spring,  contending,  and  taking  pains 
to  enforce  his  conviction,  that  Free  Trade  would 
ruin  the  best  interests  of  rubbish-carters,  as  year 
by  year  there  would  be  more  agricultural  labourers 
resorting  to  the  great  towns  to  look  for  such 
work  as  rubbish-carting,  for  every  farmer  would 
employ  more  Irish  labourers  at  his  own  terms, 
and  even  the  85.  a  week,  the  extent  of  the  earn- 
ings of  the  agricultural  labourers  in  some  parishes, 
would  be  undersold  by  the  Irish.  Last  winter, 
he  said,  very  many  countrymen  came  to  London, 
and  would  do  so  the  next,  and  more  and  more 
every  year,  and  so  make  labour  cheaper. 

As  far  as  I  could  extend  my  inquiries  and 
observations,  this  man's  arguments — although  I 
cannot  say  I  heard  any  one  offer  to  controvert 
them — were  not  considered  sound,  nor  his  facts 
fully  established.  There  were  certainly  great 
numbers  of  good  hands  out  of  employment  last 
winter,  and  many  new  applicants  for  work;  "but 
buildings,"  I  was  told  by  a  carman,  "  are  of  course 
always  slacker  carried  on  in  the  winter.  Now, 
this  year,  so  far  (beginning  of  October),  things 
seem  to  promise  pretty  well  in  our  business,  and 
so  if  it's  good  this  winter  and  was  bad  the  last, 
why,  as  there's  the  same  Free  Trade,  it  seems  as 
if  it  had  nothing  to  do  with  it.     There's  not  so 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


295 


much  building  going  on  now  as  there  was  a  few 
years  ago,  but  trade 's  steadier,  I  think." 

Other  rubbish-carters,  in  the  best  trade,  said 
that  they  had  found  little  diflference  for  six  or 
eight  years,  only  as  bread  was  cheaper  or  dearer; 
and,  if  Free  Trade  made  bread  cheap,  no  man 
ought  to  say  a  word  against  it,  "  no  matter  about 
anything  else."  Of  course  I  give  these  opinions 
as  they  came  to  me. 

As  to  Food,  these  labourers,  when  in  full  work, 
generally  live  what  they  consider  well;  that  is, 
they  eat  meat  and  have  beer  to  their  meals  every 
day.  Three  of  them  told  me  that  they  could  not 
say  what  their  living  cost  separately,  as  they  took 
all  their  meals  at  home  with  their  families,  their 
wives  Liying  out  the  money.  One  couple  had  six 
children,  and  the  husband  said  they  cost  him 
about  17*.  a  week  in  food,  or  about  25.  6rf.  per 
head,  reckoning  a  pint  of  beer  a  day  for  himself, 
and  not  including  the  youngest,  which  was  an 
infant  at  the  breast.  The  father  earned  22s. 
weekly,  and  the  eldest  child,  a  boy,  3s.  6rf.  a 
week  for  carrying  out  and  collecting  the  papers  for 
a  news'-agent.  The  wife  could  earn  nothing, 
although  an  excellent  washerwoman,  the  cares  of 
her  family  occupying  her  whole  time.  She  always 
had  "  the  cold  shivers,"  she  said,  "  if  ever  she 
thought  of  John's  being  out  of  work,  but  he  was 
a  steady  man,  and  had  been  pretty  fortunate." 
If  these  men  were  engaged  on  a  job  at  any 
distance,  they  sometimes  breakfasted  before  start- 
ing, or  carried  bread  and  butter  with  them,  and 
eat  it  to  a  pint  of  coffee  if  near  enough  to  a  coffee- 
shop,  but  in  some  places  they  were  not  near 
enough.  Their  dinners  they  carried  with  them, 
generally  cold  meat  and  bread,  in  a  basin  covered 
with  a  plate,  a  handkerchief  being  tied  round  it 
so  as  to  keep  the  plate  firm  and  afford  a  hold  to 
the  bearer.  "  It's  not  always,  you  see,  sir,"  said 
a  rubbish-carter,  "  that  there 's  a  butcher's  shop 
near  enough  to  run  to  and  buy  a  bit  of  steak  and 
get  it  dressed  at  a  tip-room  fire,  just  for  buying  a 
pint  of  beer,  and  have  a  knife  and  fork,  and  a 
plate,  and  salt  found  you  into  the  bargain,  and 
pepper  and  mustard  too,  if  you  '11  give  the  girl  or 
the  man  Irf.  a  week  or  so.  But  we  're  glad  to  get 
a  good  cold  dinner.  0,  as  to  beer,  it  would  be  a 
queer  out-of  the-way  place  indeed  where  a  landlord 
didn't  send  out  a  man  to  a  building  with  beer." 
One  single  man,  who  told  me  he  was  only  a  small 
eater,  gave  me  the  following  as  his  daiLij  bill  of 
fare,  as  he  rarely  took  any  meals  at  his  lodgings  : 

t.     d. 
llalf-quart«m  loaf  .     0     2^ 

Butter 0     1 

Coffee  (twice  a  day)      .        .        .        .03 
Eleven  o'clock  beer,  sometimes  a  pint  and 
sometimes  half-a-pint,  but  often  obtained 
as  a  perquisite  .         .  (average)  0     \\ 

\  lb.  of  beef  steak,  or  a  chop,  or  four  or 
five  pennyworth  of  cold  meat  from  a 
cook-shop  .         .         .       (average)  0     5 

Poutoes 0     1 

Dinner  bcfr 0     2 

Bread  and  cheese  and  beer  for  supper  0     4 

T~8i 


This  was  the  average  cost  of  his  daily  food, 
while  on  Sundays  he  generally  paid  \s.  ^d.  for 
breakfast  and  tea,  and  a  good  dinner  off  a  hot 
joint  with  baked  potatoes  from  the  oven,  along  with 
the  family  ar.d  other  lodgers.  He  had  a  good 
walk  every  Sunday  morning,  he  said,  but  liked  to 
sleep  awaj-  the  afternoon.  He  found  his  own 
Sunday  beer,  costing  4rf.  dinner  and  supper,  but 
he  didn't  eat  anything  at  supper,  as  he  wasn't 
inclined  after  resting  all  day,  and  so  his  weekly 
expenses  in  food  Avere  : — 

s.    d. 
Six  working  days,  at  Is.  %\d.  a  day     10     1\ 
Sunday 1  10 

Week's  food  .         .         .         .     11  Hi 

To  this,  in  the  way  of  drink  or  luxuries,  I  might 
add,  the  carter  said,  Id.  a  day  for  gin  (although 
he  wasn't  a  drinker  and  was  very  seldom  tipsy), 
"  for  I  treat  a  friend  to  a  quartern  one  day  and 
may-be  he  stands  treat  the  next."  Also  4rf.  for 
Sunday  gin,  as  he  and  the  other  men  took  a  glass 
just  before  dinner  for  an  appetite,  and  he  took  one 
after  dinner  to  send  him  asleep.  Add,  too,  Zd.  a 
week  for  tobacco.  In  all  Is.  ^d.,  which  swells 
the  weekly  cost  of  eating,  drinking,  and  smoking 
to  13s.  Q^d.  His  washing  was  Ad.  a  week  (he 
washed  his  working  jacket  and  trowsers  himself), 
his  rent  2s.  6rf.  for  a  bed  to  himself;  so  that, 
16s.  i}^d.  being  spent  out  of  an  earning  of  18s., 
he  had  but  Is.  5^^.  a  week  left  for  his  clothes, 
shoes,  &c.  If  he  wanted  a  shilling  or  two  for 
anything,  he  said,  he  knocked  off  his  supper,  and 
then  nothing  was  allowed  in  his  reckoning  for 
perquisites,  so  he  might  be  2s.  in  hand,  at  least  2s., 
every  week  in  a  regular  way  of  living.  This  man 
expressed  his  conviction  that  no  man,  who  had 
to  work  hard,  could  live  at  smaller  cost  than  he 
did.  That  numbers  of  men  did  so,  he  admitted, 
but  he  "  couldn't  make  it  out."  The  two  ways  of 
living  which  I  have  described  may  be  taken  as 
the  modes  prevalent  among  this  class  of  labourers, 
who  seek  to  live  "comfortably."  Others  who 
"rough  it"  live  at  less  cost,  dining,  for  instance, 
off  a  pennyworth  of  pudding  and  half  a  pint 
of  beer. 

I  ascertained  that  among  the  rubbish-carters, 
those  most  frequently  attev'lant  on  puhlic  irorship 
are  Uie  IHtk Roman  Catliolics,  and  such  Engli.'<hmen 
as  had  been  .ngricultural  labourers  in  rural  parishes, 
and  had  been  reared  in  the  habit  of  church-going ; 
a  habit  in  which,  but  not  without  many  excep- 
tions, they  still  persevere.  Among  London-bred 
labourers  such  habits  are  rarely  formed. 

Tke  abodes  of  the  letter  description  of  rnhhish- 
cai-ters  are  not  generally  in  those  localities  which 
are  crowded  with  the  poor.  They  reside  in  the 
streets  off  the  Edgcware  and  Harrow-roads,  as 
building  has  been  carried  on  to  a  very  great  ex- 
tent in  Westbourne,  Maida-hill,  &c.;  in  Portland- 
town,  Camden-town,  Somers-town,  about  Kings- 
cross ;  in  Islington,  Pentonville,  and  Clerkenwell; 
off  the  Commercial  and  Milc-end-roads ;  in 
Walworth,  Camberwell,  Kennington,  and  New- 
ington ;  and,  indeed,  in  all  the  quarters  where 
building   has   been  prosecuted   on   an   extensive 


296 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


scale.  I  was  in  some  of  their  apartments,  and 
found  them  tidy  and  comfortable-looking :  one  was 
especially  so.  Some  stone-fruit  on  the  mantel- 
shelf shone  as  if  newly  painted,  and  the  fender 
and  fire-irons  glittered  from  their  brightness  to 
the  fire  of  the  small  grate.  The  husband,  how- 
ever, was  in  good  earnings,  and  the  wife  cleared 
about  5s.  weekly  on  superior  needlework.  There 
was  one  thing  painful  to  observe — the  contrast 
between  the  robust  and  sun-burnt  look  of  the 
husband,  and  the  delicate  and  pallid,  not  to  say 
sickly,  appearance  of  the  wife.  The  rents  for 
unfurnished  apartments  vary  from  2s.  to  5s.,  but 
rarely  the  latter,  unless  the  wife  take  in  a  little 
washing.  I  heard  of  some  at  25.,  but  very  few; 
2s.  6d.  to  35.  6(7.  are  common  prices. 

I  heard  of  no  partiality  for  amusements  among 
tli.e  rulbish-carters,  beyond  what  my  informant 
spoke  of— a  visit  to  the  p]ny.  Some,  I  was  told, 
but  principally  the  younger  men,  never  missed 
going  to  a  fair^  which  was  not  too  far  off.  I  think 
not  quite  one-half  of  those  I  spoke  to,  with  the 
best  earnings,  had  been  to  the  Exhibition.  Of  the 
worst  paid,  I  am  told,  not  one  in  50  went ;  one  man 
told  me  that  he  had  no  amusements  but  his  pipe 
and  his  beer.  Some  of  them,  I  was  assured,  drank 
half  a  gallon  of  beer  in  a  day,  but  at  intervals,  so 
as  not  to  be  intoxicated.  "A  hand  at  cribbage" 
is  a  favourite  public-house  game  among  a  few  of 
these  men  ;  but  not  above  one  in  half-a-dozen,  I 
was  assured,  "  knew  the  cards,"  and  not  one  in  two 
dozen  played  them. 

These,  then,  are  the  characteristics  of  the 
labouring  rubbish-carters  employed  in  the  honour- 
able trade. 

A  fine-looking  man,  upwards  of  six  feet  in 
stature  and  of  proportionate  bulk,  with  so  smart 
a  set  to  his  bushy  whiskers,  and  a  look  of  such 
general  tidiness  (after  he  had  left  off  work  in  the 
evening),  that  he  might  have  been  taken  for  a  life- 
guardsman  had  it  not  been  for  a  slight  slouch  of 
the  shoulders,  and  a  very  unmilitary  gait,  gave 
me  the  following  account : — 

"  I  'm  a  London  man,"  he  said,  "  and  though 
I  'm  not  yet  25,  I  've  kept  myself  for  the  last 
five  years.  I  've  worked  at  rubbish-carting  and 
general  ground- work  (digging  for  pipe-laying,  &c.,) 
as  we  nearly  all  do,  but  mainly  at  rubbish-carting, 
and  I  'm  at  that  now.  My  friends  are  in  the 
same  line,  so  I  helped  them  :  I  was  big  enough, 
and  was  brought  up  that  way.  0,  yes,  I  can 
read  and  write,  but  I  haven't  time,  or  very 
seldom,  to  read  anything  but  a  newspaper  now 
and  again.  I  'm  a  carman  now,  and  have 
a  very  good  master.  I  've  served  him,  more 
or  less,  for  three  years.  I  have  had  25s.  a  week, 
and  I  have  had  29s.,  but  that  included  over- work. 
Two  hours  extra  work  a  day  makes  an  extra  day 
in  the  week,  you  see,  sir.  0,  yes,  I  might  have 
saved  money,  and  I  'm  trying  to  save  25^.  now  to 
see  if  I  can't  raise  a  horse  and  cart,  and  begin  for 
myself  in  a  small  way,  general  jobbing.  I  've 
been  used  to  cart  mould,  and  gravel,  and  turf  for 
gentlemen's  gardens,  or  when  gardens  have  been 
laid  out  in  new  buildings,  as  well  ag  rubbish,  for 
the  same  master.     Last  year  I  set  to  work  in 


hard  earnest  in  the  same  way,  and  this  is  where 

it  is  that  always  stops  me.     Mr. [his  em 

ployer]  is  very  busy  now,  and  things  look  pretty 
well  about  here  [Camden-town],  but  I  don't 
know  how  it  is  in  other  parts.  It  was  the  same 
last  year,  but  trade  fell  off  in  the  winter,  and  I 
was  three  months  out  of  work.  0,  that  's  a 
common  case,  especial  with  young  men,  for  of 
course  the  old  hands  has  the  preference.  That's 
where  it  is,  you  see,  sir;  it's  a  uncertain  trade. 
It 's  always  that  new  shoes  is  wanted,  but  it 
ain't  always  new  houses.  My  money  all  went, 
and  then  all  my  things  went  to  the  pawn,  and 
when  I  got  fairly  to  work  again,  I  had  a  shirt 
and  a  shilling  left,  and  owed  some  little  matters. 
I  'd  saved  well  on  to  50s.,  and  could  have  gone  on 
saving,  but  for  being  thrown  out.  Then,  when 
you  get  into  regular  wages  again,  there  's  your 
uncle  to  meet,  and  there 's  always  something 
wanted — a  pair  of  half-boots,  or  a  new  shirt,  or  a 
new  tool,  or  something  ;  so  one  loses  heart  about 
it,  and  I  can't  abear  not  to  appear  respectable. 

"  I  pay  2s.  a  week  for  my  lodging,  but  it 's 
only  for  half  a  bed.  The  house  is  let  out  that 
way  to  single  men  like  me,  so  each  bed  brings  in 
4s.  a  week.  There  's  two  beds  in  the  room  where 
I  sleep;  I  don't  know  how  many  in  all.  Why, 
yes,  it 's  a  respectable  sort  of  a  place,  but  I  don't 
much  like  it.  There  's  plenty  such  places ;  some  's 
decent  and  some 's  not.  Oh,  certainly,  a  place  of 
your  own  's  best,  if  it 's  ever  so  humble,  but  it 
wouldn't  suit  a  man  like  me.  I  may  work  one 
week  at  Paddington,  and  the  next  at  Bow,  and  if 
I  had  a  furnished  room  at  Paddington,  what  good 
would  it  be  if  I  went  to  work  at  Bow  ]  Only  the 
bother  and  expense  of  removing  my  sticks  again 
and  again.  0,  people  that  find  lodgings  for  such 
as  me,  know  that  well  enough,  and  makes  a  prey 
of  us,  of  course. 

"  I  take  my  meals  at  a  public-house  or  a  coffee- 
shop.  0  yes,  I  live  well  enough.  I  have  meat 
ever\'  day  to  dinner ;  a  man  like  me  must  keep  up 
his  strength,  and  you  can't  do  that  without  good 
meat.  It's  all  nonsense  about  vegetables  and  all 
that,  as  if  men's  stomachs  were  like  cows'.  I 
have  bread  and  butter  and  tea  or  coffee  for  break- 
fast and  tea,  sometimes  a  few  cresses  with  it  just 
I  to  sweeten  the  blood,  which  is  the  proper  use  of 
j  vegetables.  A  pint  of  beer  or  so  for  supper,  but 
I  don't  care  about  supper,  though  now  and  then  I 
take  a  bit  of  bread  and  cheese  with  a  nice  fresh 
onion  to  it.  ^Yell,  I  'm  sure  I  can't  say  what  I 
lay  out  in  my  living  in  a  week  ;  sometimes  more 
and  sometimes  less.  I  keep  no  account ;  I  pay 
my  way  as  I  go  on.  Some  weeks  when  I  get 
my  Saturday  night's  wage,  I  have  from  25.  6d.  to 
Gs.  6d.  left  from  last  Saturday  night's  money,  but 
that 's  only  when  I  've  had  nothing  to  lay  out 
beyond  common.  Now,  last  week  I  was  4s.  9d. 
to  the  good,  and  this  week  I  shall  be  about  the 
ditto  ;  but  then  I  want  a  waistcoat  and  a  silk 
handkerchief  for  my  neck  for  Sunday  wear  ;  so  I 
must  draw  on  my  Saturday  night.  There's  a 
gentleman  takes  care  of  my  money  for  me,  and  I 
carry  him  what  I  have  over  in  a  week,  and  he 
takes  care  of  it  for  me.     I  did  a  good  deal  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


297 


work  about  his  houses— he  has  a  block  of  them — 
and  [lis  own  plac«,  and  I  've  gardened  for  him  ; 
and  from  what  I  've  heard,  my  money 's  safer  with 
him  than  with  a  Savings'  Bank.  When  I  want  to 
draw  he  likes  to  be  satistied  what  it's  for,  and 
he's  lent  nie  as  much  as  335.  in  different  sums, 
when  I  was  hard  up.  He  's  what  I  call  a  real 
gentleman.  He  says  if  I  ever  go  to  him  tipsy  to 
dniw,  and  says  it  quite  solemn  like,  he 'il  take 
me  by  the  scruff  of  the  neck  and  kick  me  out ; 
though  [laughing]  he  cnn't  be  much  alwve  five 
foot,  and  has  gray  hairs,  and  seems  a  feeble  sort 
of  a  man,  I  mean  of  a  gentleman.  He  enters  all 
I  pay  in  a  book.  Here  it  is,  sir,  for  this  year,  if 
you  'd  like  to  see  it.  I  wasn't  able  to  put  anrthing 
by  for  a  goodish  bit.     I  lost  my  book  once,  but  I 

knew  how  much,  and  so  did  Mr. ,  and  he  put 

it  down  in  a  lump. 

£     .«.  d. 

July  18     .     In  hand      ..130 
25     .     Received     ..036 

Aug.  9     .  .,  ..036 

23     .  „  ..050 

SeptlS     .  „  ..096 

20     .  „  ..040 

27     .  „  ..040 


£2  12     6 


"If  I  can't  sare  a  little  to  start  myself  on  when 
I  'ra  a  single  man,  I  can't  ever  after,  I  fancy  ;  so 
I  'm  a  trying. 

"  No,  my  expenses,  over  and  aboTe  my  living 
and  lodging  and  washing,  and  all  that,  ain't  heavy. 
Ye?,  I  'm  very  fond  of  a  good  play,  very.  Some 
gailerirt  is  6^.,  and  some  Sd  ;  but  then  there 's 
rrfreshment  and  that,  so  it  costs  1«.  a  time.  Per- 
haps I  go  once  a  week,  but  only  in  autumn  and 
uiitcr.  when  nights  get  long,  and  we  leave  work 
ai  I:  ^.  ;  i^t  five.  The  last  time  I  was  at  the  play 
u.ii  .;:  ihe  Marylebone,  but  there  was  some  opera 
pieces  that  don't  suit  me  ;  such  stuff  and  nonsense. 

I  like  something  very  lively,  or  else  a  deep 
tragedy.  Sadler's  Weils  is  the  place,  sir.  I 
mean  to  go  there  t<}-raorrow  night.  Yes,  I  'm 
verj-  fond  of  the  pantomimes.  Concerts  I've  been 
at,  but  don't  care  for  them.  They  're  as  dear  at 
2</.  as  an  egg  a  penny,  and  an  egg 's  only  a  bite. 

'•  Well,  I  've  gone  to  church  Bomctimes,  but  a 
carman  hasn't  tim«»,  for  he  has  his  horses  to  attend 
I'l  <>!!  .Sii:!ii  .  and  that  uses  up  his  morn- 

iiv.'.      .\".  i  •w.     Work  must  be  done. 

II  ;:in't  n:y :.     i  ;a  sure,  if  I  could   have  my 

wish,  I  'd  never  do  anything  on  a  Sunday^ 

"  Yet,  there  '•  far  too  nuny  as  undenelii  us  in 
work.  I  knov  that,  but  I  don't  like  to  think 
about  them  or  to  talk  about  them."  (He  seemed 
desirous  to  ignon  the  renr  r- -•  -  '  the  scurf 
rnbVjish-carten.]     **  They  re  i  .fthcm. 

They  re  often  qnarrdeonw  ai.  ;  sty,  but 

I  know  nuuij  dece«t  men  MnmiK  tiie  Irishmen  in 
oar  rKf>fii.  Then  '•  good  and  bad  ainoog  them, 
as  t"  i  the  Engliah.     There  '•  vtry  few 

"(  t  Me  CKinen;  they  haven't  been 


'  1    have  done  a  liule  as  a  nightman  when  I 


worked  for  Mr. .  He  was  a  parish  con- 
tractor, and  undertook  such  jobs,  and  liked  to  put 
strong  men  onto  them.  I  didn't  like  it.  I  can't 
think  it's  a  healthy  trade.  I  can't  say,  but  I 
heard  it  represented,  that  in  this  particular  calling 
there  was  a  great  deal  of  under-contracting  going 
on  when  the  railway  undertakings  generally  re- 
ceived a  severe  check,  and  when  a  great  number 
of  hands  were  thrown  out  of  employment,  and 
sought  employment  in  rubbish-carting  generally, 
and  apart  from  Taihvay-work.  These  hands  suf- 
fered gi*eatly  for  a  long  time.  The  tommy-shops 
and  the  middle-man  system  were  enough  to 
swallow  the  largest  amount  of  railway  wnges,  so 
that  very  few  had  saved  money,  and  they  were 
willing  to  work  for  very  low  wages.  A  good 
many  of  these  people  went  to  endeavour  to  find 
work  at  the  large  new  docks  being  erected  at 
Grreat  Grimsby,  near  Boston,  in  Lincolnshire. 
Some  of  the  more  prudent  were  able  to  raise  the 
means  of  emigrating,  and  from  one  cause  or  other 
the  pressure  of  this  surplus  labour  among  rub- 
bish-carters and  excavators,  as  regards  the  me- 
tropolis, became  relieved." 

Of  Casual  Labour  in  Genkral,  and  that  of 

THE    HtTBBISH-CaRTERS    TS    PARTICULAR. 

The  subject  of  casual  labour  is  one  of  such  vast 
importance  in  connection  with  the  welfare  of  a 
nation  and  its  people,  and  one  of  which  the  causes 
as  well  as  consequences  seem  to  be  so  utterly 
ignored  by  economical  writers  and  unheeded  by  the 
public,  that  I  piupose  here  saying  a  few  words  upon 
the  matter  in  general,  with  the  view  of  enabling 
the  reader  the  better  to  understand  the  difficulties 
that  almost  all  unskilled  and  many  skilled 
labourers  have  to  contend  with  in  this  country. 

By  casual  labour  I  mean  such  labour  as  can 
obtain  only  occasional  as  contradistinguished  from 
constant  employment.  In  this  definition  I  include 
all  classes  of  workers,  literate  and  illiterate,  skilled 
and  unskilled,  whose  professions,  trades,  or  callings 
expose  them  to  be  employed  temporarily  rather 
than  continuously,  and  whose  incomes  are  in  a  con- 
sequent degree  fluctuating,  casual,  and  uncertain. 

In  no  country  in  the  world  i.s  there  such  an 
extent,  and  at  the  same  time  such  a  diversity, 
of  casual  labour  as  in  Great  Britain.  This  is 
attribuUiblc  to  many  causes — commercial  and  agri- 
cultural, natural  and  artificial,  controllable  and 
uncontrollable. 

I  will  first  show  what  are  the  causes  of  casual 
labour,  and  then  point  out  its  effects. 

The  causes  of  casual  labour  may  be  grouped 
under  two  heads: — 

I.  The  Brifk  and  Slack  Seasons,  and  Fit 
Times,  or  periodical  increase  and  decrease  of  work 
in  certain  occupations, 

II.  The  Surplus  Hands  appertaining  to  the  dif- 
ferent trades. 

First,  as  to  the  briskness  or  slackness  of  em- 
ployment in  different  occupations.  This  depends 
in  different  trades  on  diflwient  causes,  among  which 
may  be  enumerated — 

A.  The  weather. 


298 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


B.  The  seasons  of  the  year. 

C.  The  fashion  of  the  day. 

D.  Commerce  and  accidents. 

I  shall  deal  with  each  of  these  causes  senatim. 

A.  The  labour  of  thousands  is  influenced  by 
the  breather;  it  is  suspended  or  prevented  in  many 
instances  by  stormy  or  rainy  weather;  and  in 
some  few  instances  it  is  promoted  by  such  a  state 
of  things. 

Among  those  whose  labour  cannot  be  executed 
on  wet  days,  or  executed  but  imperfectly,  and 
who  are  consequently  deprived  of  their  ordinary 
means  of  living  on  such  days,  are — paviours, 
pipe-layers,  bricklayers,  painters  of  the  exteriors 
of  houses,  slaters,  fishermen,  watermen  (plying 
with  their  boats  for  hire),  the  crews  of  the  river 
steamers,  a  large  body  of  agricultural  labourers 
(such  as  hedgers,  ditchers,  mowers,  reapers, 
ploughmen,  thatchers,  and  gardeners),  coster- 
mongers  and  all  classes  of  street-sellers  (to  a  great 
degree),  street- performers,  and  showmen. 

With  regard  to  the  degree  in  which  agricultural 
(or  indeed  in  this  instance  woodland)  labour  may 
be  influenced  by  the  weather,  I  may  state  that  a 
few  years  back  there  had  been  a  fall  of  oaks  on  an 
estate  belonging  to  Col.  Cradock,  near  Greta-bridge, 
and  the  poor  people,  old  men  and  women,  in  the 
neighbourhood,  were  selected  to  strip  off  the  bark 
for  the  tanners,  under  the  direction  of  a  person 
appointed  by  the  proprietor:  for  this  work  they 
were  paid  by  the  basket-load.  The  trees  lay  in  an 
open  and  exposed  situation,  and  the  rain  was  so 
incessant  that  the  "barkers"  could  scarcely  do  any 
work  for  the  whole  of  the  first  week,  but  kept 
waiting  under  the  nearest  shelter  in  the  hopes 
that  it  would  "  clear  up."  In  the  first  week  of 
this  employment  nearly  one-third  of  the  poor  per- 
sons, w)io  had  commenced  their  work  with  eager- 
ness, had  to  apply  for  some  temporary  parochial 
relief.  A  rather  curious  instance  this,  of  a  parish 
suffering  from  the  casualty  of  a  very  humble 
labour,  and  actually  from  the  attempt  of  the  poor 
to  earn  money,  and  do  work  prepared  for  them. 

On  the  other  hand,  some  few  classes  may  be 
said  to  be  benefited  by  the  rain  which  is  im- 
poverishing others:  these  are  cabmen  (who  are 
the  busiest  on  slwwery  days),  scavagers,  umbrella- 
makers,  clog  and  patten-makers.  I  was  told  by 
the  omnibus  people  that  their  vehicles  filled  better 
in  hot  than  in  wet  weather. 

But  the  labour  of  thousands  is  influenced  also 
by  the  wind;  an  easterly  wind  prevailing  for  a 
few  days  will  throw  out  of  employment  20,000 
dock  labourers  and  others  who  are  dependent  on 
the  shipping  for  their  employment;  such  as  lump- 
ers, corn-porters,  timber-porters,  ship-builders,  sail- 
makers,  lightermen,  watermen,  and,  indeed,  almost 
all  those  who  are  known  as  'long-shoremen.  The 
same  state  of  things  prevails  at  Hull,  Bristol, 
Liverpool,  and  all  our  large  ports. 

i^rosi,  again,  is  equally  inimical  to  some  labourers' 
interests;  the  frozen-out  market-gardeners  are 
familiar  to  almost  every  one,  and  indeed  all  those 
who  are  engaged  upon  the  land  may  be  said  to  be 
deprived  of  work  by  severely  cold  weather. 


In  the  weather  alone,  then,  we  find  a  means  of 
starving  thousands  of  our  people.  Rain,  wind, 
and  frost  are  many  a  labourers  natural  enemies, 
and  to  those  who  are  fully  aware  of  the  influence 
of  "the  elements"  upon  the  living  and  comforts 
of  hundreds  of  their  fellow-creatures,  the  changes 
of  weather  are  frequently  watched  with  a  terrible 
interest.  I  am  convinced  that,  altogether,  a  wet 
day  deprives  not  less  than  100,000,  and  probably 
nearer  200,000  people,  including  builders,  brick- 
layers, and  agricultural  labourers,  of  their  ordi- 
nary means  of  subsistence,  and  drives  the  same 
number  to  the  public-houses  and  beer-shops  (on 
this  part  of  the  subject  I  have  collected  some 
curious  facts) ;  thus  not  only  decreasing  their  in- 
come, but  positively  increasing  their  expenditure, 
and  that,  perhaps,  in  the  worst  of  ways. 

Nor  can  there  be  fewer  dependent  on  the 
winds  for  their  bread.  If  we  think  of  the  vast 
number  employed  either  directly  or  indirectly  at 
the  various  ports  of  this  country,  and  then  remem- 
ber that  at  each  of  these  places  the  prevalence  of 
a  particular  wind  must  prevent  the  ordinary  arri- 
val of  shipping,  and  so  require  the  employment 
of  fewer  hands;  we  shall  have  some  idea  of 
the  enormous  multitude  of  men  in  this  coun- 
try who  can  be  starved  by  "a  nipping  and  an 
eager  air."  If  in  London  alone  there  are  20,000 
people  deprived  of  food  by  the  prevalence  of  an 
easterly  wind  (and  I  had  the  calculation  from  one 
of  the  principal  officers  of  the  St.  Katherine  Dock 
Company),  surely  it  will  not  be  too  much  to  say 
that  throughout  the  country  there  are  not  less 
than  50,000  people  whose  living  is  thus  pre- 
cariously dependent. 

Altogether  lam  inclined  to  believe,  that  we  shall 
not  be  over  the  truth  if  we  assert  there  are 
between  100,000  and  200,000  individuals  and 
their  families,  or  half  a  million  of  people,  depen- 
dent on  the  elements  for  their  support  in  this 
country. 

But  this  calculation  refers  to  those  classes  only 
who  are  deprived  of  a  certain  number  of  days 
work  by  an  alteration  of  the  weather,  a  cause 
that  is  essentially  e2:>hemeral  in  its  character.  The 
other  series  of  natural  events  influencing  the 
demand  for  labour  in  this  country  are  of  a  more 
continuous  nature — the  stimulus  and  the  depres- 
sion enduring  for  weeks  rather  than  days.  I  allude 
to  the  second  of  the  four  circumstances  above- 
mentioned  as  inducing  briskness  or  slackness  of 
employment  in  different  occupations,  viz. : — _ 

B.  The  seasons. 

These  are  the  seasons  of  the  year,  and  not  the 
arbitrary  seasons  of  fashion,  of  which  I  shall  speak 
next. 

The  following  classes  are  among  those  exposed 
to  the  uncertainty  of  employment,  and  conse- 
quently of  income,  from  the  above  cause,  since 
it  is  only  in  particular  seasons  that  particular 
works,  such  as  buildings,  will  be  undertaken,  or 
that  open-air  pleasure  excursions  will  be  attempted : 
carpenters,  builders,  brickmakers,  painters,  plas- 
terers, paper-hangers,  rubbish-carters,  sweeps,  and 
riggers  and  lumpers,  the  latter  depending  mainly 


TTT  T'        ^'   !  I,  K  M  A  I  D'S       GARLAND 
TnK  UKi'JiNAL  OF  THE  SwEEP's  May-Day  ExniBITlON. 


LOyDOIf  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


239 


on  the  arrival  of  the  timber  ahipe  to  the  Thames 
(aBd  this,  owing  to  the  ice  in  the  Baltic  Sea  and 
in  the  rirer  St-  Lawrence,  &c.,  takes  place  only  at 
certain  seasons  of  the  year),  coal-whippers  and 
en!  ;•  irters  |ibe  coal  trade  being  much  brisker 
i!i  w  ;  :  r>.  market-porters,  and  those  employed 
in  suuimer  in  steiim-boat,  railway,  van,  and  barge 
excursions. 

Then  there  are  the  casualties  attemiing  agricul- 
tural labour,  for,  although  the  operations  of  nature 
are  regular  *'even  as  the  seed  time  follows  the 
harvest,"  there  is,  almost  invariably,  a  smaller 
employment  of  labour  after  the  completion  of 
the  haymaking,  the  sheep-shearing,  and  the  grain- 
reaping  labours. 

For  the  hay  and  corn  harvests  it  is  well  known 
that  there  is  a  periodical  immigration  of  Irishmen 
and  women,  who  clamour  for  the  casnial  employ- 
ment; others,  again,  leave  the  towns  for  the  same 
purpose ;  the  same  result  takes  place  also  in  the 
fruit  and  pea-picking  season  for  the  London  green - 
markets;  while  in  the  winter  such  people  return 
some  to  their  own  country,  and  some  to  form  a 
large  proportion  of  the  casual  class  in  the  metro- 
polis. A  tall  Irishman  of  about  34  or  35  (whom 
I  had  to  see  when  treating  of  the  religion  of  the 
street  IriA)  leaves  his  accustomed  crossing-sweep- 
ing at  ail  or  most  of  the  seasons  I  have  men- 
tioned, and  returns  to  it  for  the  winter  at  the 
end  of  October;  while  his  wife  and  children  are 
then  so  many  units  to  add  to  the  casualties  of  the 
street  sale  of  apples,  nuts,  and  onions,  by  over- 
stocking the  open-air  markets. 

The  autumnal  season  of  hop-picking  is  the  grand 
rendezroos  for  the  Tagrancy  of  England  and  Ire- 
land, the  stream  of  London  vagrancy  flowing  freely 
into  Kent  at  that  period,  and  afterwards  Howing 
back  with  increased  volume.  Men,  women,  and 
chilli  ren  are  attracted  to  the  hop  hanest.  The 
season  is  over  in  less  than  a  month,  and  then  the 
easaal   Inh  atjed    in    it    (and    they   are 

nearly  all  irers)  must  divert  their  in- 

dustry, or  ■  ivours  for  a  living,  into  other 

channels,  swelling  ti>e  amount  of  casualty  in  un- 
skilled work  or  street-trade. 

Xumerically  to  estimate  the  influence  of  the 
8<-asMi8  on  the  labour-market  of  this  country  is 
alnu.i»t  an  overwhelming  task.  Let  us  try,  how- 
ever :  there  are  in  round  numbers  one  million 
agricnUural  labourers  in  this  country;  saying  that 
in  the  summer  four  labourers  are  employed  for 
eviry  three  in  the  winter,  there  would  he  250,000 
peop!e  and  their  families  or  *^y  1,000,000  of 
ndividuali,  deprived  of  tii'^ir  ordinary  subsistence 
in  the  winter  time;  this,  of  course,  does  not 
include  those  who  come  from  Ireland  to  assist 
at  the  barTcst^etting — how  many  these  may  be 
I  bare  no  neans  of  ascertaining.  Added  to  these 
there  are  Cks  natural  vagabonds,  whom  I  have 
before  estimated  at  another  hundred  thousand 
(.«••••  !-  4(j8,  vol.  i.),  and  who  generally  help  at 
thf  ij.-i've»t  work  or  the  fruit  or  hop-picking. 

Trien  there  are  the  carpenters,  who  are  163.000 
in  nuiiiixfr;  the  builders,  U200;  the  brickmakers. 
Ift.OOO;  the  painters,  48,200;  the  caHl-wbi|.per8, 
9200;  the  coal-miners,  110,000;   making  altoge- 


ther 350,000  people,  and  estimating  that  for  every 
four  hands  emplo}'ed  in  the  brisk  season,  there 
are  only  three  required  in  the  slack,  we  have 
80,000  more  families,  or  300,000  people,  deprived 
of  their  living  by  the  casualty  of  labour ;  so  that 
if  we  assert  that  there  are,  at  the  least,  including 
agricultural  li^bourers,  1,250,000  people  thus  de- 
prived of  their  usual  means  of  living,  we  shall  not 
be  very  wide  of  the  truth. 

The  next  cause  of  the  briskness  or  slackness  of 
different  employments  is — 

C.  Fashion. 

The  London  fashionable  season  is  also  the  par- 
liamentary season,  and   is    the    "briskest"  from 
about  the  end  of  February  to  the  middle  of  July. 
The  workmen  most  affected  by  the  aristocratic, 
popular,  or  penenil  fashions,  are — 

Tailors,  Ladies'  habit-makers,  boot  and  shoe- 
makers, hatters,  glovers,  milliners,  dress-makers, 
niantua-makers,  drawn  and  straw  bonnet-makers, 
artificial  flower-makers,  pluraassiers,  stay-makers, 
silk  and  vi'lvet  weavers,  saddlers,  harness-makers, 
coach- builders,  cabmen,  job-coachmen,  farriers, 
livery  sUible  keepers,  poulterers,  pastry-cooks,  con- 
fectioners, &c.,  &c. 

The   above-mentioned    classes   may  he   taken, 

according  to  the  Occupation  Abstract  of  the  last 

I  Census,  at  between  500,000  and  600,000  ;  and, 

assuming  the  same  ratio  as  to  the    difference  of 

employment  between    the    brisk    and    the    slack 

;  seasons  of  the  trades,  or,  in  other  words,   that 

I  25  p>er  cent,  less  hands  are  required  at  tiie  slack 

j  than  at  the  brisk  time  of  these  trades,  we   have 

;  another  150,000  people,  who,  with  their  families, 

may  be  estimated  altogether  at  say  500,000,  who 

I  are  thrown  out  of  work  at  a  cextain  season,  and 

have  to  starve  on  as  best  they  can  -for  at  least 

three  months  in  the  year. 

The  last-mentioned  of  the  causes  inducing 
briskness  or  slackness  of  employment  are — 

D.  Commerce  and  Accidents. 

Commerce  has  its  periodical  fits  and  starts. 
The  publishers,  for  instance,  have  their  season, 
generally  from  October  to  March,  as  people  read 
more  in  winter  than  in  summer;  and  this  arrange- 
ment immediately  effects  the  printers  and  book- 
binders ;  there  is  no  change,  however,  as  regards  the 
newspapers  and  periodicals.  Again,  tlie  early  im- 
portation to  this  country  of  the  new  fori'inn  fruits 
gives  activity  to  the  dock  and  wharf  labourers  and 
portersand  carmen.  Thus  the  arrival  here,  generally 
in  autumn,  of  the  nut,  chestnut,  and  grape  (raisin) 
produce  of  Spain  ;  of  the  almond  crops  in  Portugal, 
Spain,  and  Barbary;  the  date  harvest  in  Morocco, 
and  different  piaits  of  Africa;  the  orange  gather- 
ing in  Madeira,  and  in  St.  Michael's,  Terceira, 
and  other  islands  of  the  Azores;  the  fig  harvest 
from  the  Levant;  the  plum  harvest  of  tiie  south 
of  France;  the  currant  picking  of  Zante,  Ithaca, 
and  other  Ionian  Islands; — all  these  events  give  an 
activity,  aa  new  fruit  is  always  most  saleable,  to 
the  traders  in  these  southern  productions;  and 
more  shopmen,  shop-porters,  wharf  labourers,  and 
assistant  lightermen  are  required — casually  re- 
quired— for  the  time. 

I  was  told  by  a  grocer,  with  a  country  conncc- 


300 


LONDON-  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tion,  and  in  a  large  way  of  bu3ine3s,  that  for 
three  weeks  or  a  month  before  Christmas  he  re- 
quired the  aid  of  four  fresh  hands,  a  shopman,  an 
errand-boy,  and  two  porters  (one  skilled  in  pack- 
ing), for  whom  he  had  nothing  to  do  after  Christ- 
mas. If  in  the  wide  sweep  of  London  trade  there 
be  1000  persons,  including  the  market  salesmen, 
the  retail  butchers,  the  carriers,  &c.,  so  circum- 
stanced, then  4000  men  are  casually  employed, 
and  for  a  very  brief  time. 

The  brief  increase  of  the  carrying  business  gene- 
rally about  Christmas,  by  road,  water,  or  railway, 
is  sufficiently  indicated  by  the  foregoing  account. 

The  employment,  again,  in  the  cotton  and  woollen 
manufacturing  districts  may  be  said  to  depend  for 
its  briskness  on  commerce  rather  than  on  the 
seasons. 

Accidents,  or  extraordinary  social  events,  pro- 
mote casual  labour  and  then  depress  it.  Often 
they  depress  without  having  promoted  it. 

During  the  display  of  the  Great  Exhibition, 
there  were  some  thousands  employed  in  the  dif- 
ferent capacities  of  police,  packing,  cleaning,  por- 
terage, watching,  interpreting,  door-keeping  and 
money-taking,  cab-regulating,  &c. ;  and  after  the 
close  of  the  Exhibition  how  many  were  retained] 
Thus  the  Great  Exhibition  fostered  casual,  or  un- 
certain labour.  Foreign  revolutions,  moreover, 
affect  the  trade  of  England  :  speculators  become 
timid  and  will  not  embark  in  trade  or  in  any 
proposed  undertaking ;  the  foreign  import  and 
export  trades  are  paralysed;  and  fewer  clerks 
and  fewer  labourers  are  employed.  Home  poli- 
tical agitations,  also,  have  the  same  effect ;  as 
was  seen  in  London  during  the  corn-law  riots, 
about  35  years  ago  (when  only  eight  members  of 
the  House  of  Commons  supported  a  change  in 
those  laws);  the  Spafields  riots  in  1817;  the 
affair  in  St.  Peter's-field,  Manchester,  in  1819; 
the  disturbances  and  excitement  during  the  trial 
of  Queen  Caroline,  in  1820-1,  and  the  loss  of  life 
on  the  occasion  of  her  funeral  in  1821 ;  the  agita- 
tion previously  to  the  passing  of  the  Reform  Bill 
had  a  like  effect ;  the  meeting  on  Kennington 
Common  on  the  10th  of  April; — in  all  these 
periods,  indeed,  employment  decreased.  Labour  is 
affected  also  by  the  death  of  a  member  of  the 
royal  family,  and  the  hurried  demand  for  general 
mourning,  but  in  a  very  small  degree  to  what  was 
once  the  case.  A  West-End  tailor  employing  a 
great  number  of  hands  did  not  receive  a  single 
order  for  mourning  on  the  death  of  Queen  Ade- 
laide; while  on  the  demise  of  the  Princess  Charlotte 
(in  1817)  thousands  of  operative  tailors,  through- 
out the  three  kingdoms,  worked  day  and  night, 
and  for  double  wages,  on  the  general  mourning. 
Gluts  in  the  markets,  an  increase  of  heavy  bank- 
ruptcies and  "panics,"  such  as  were  experienced 
in  the  money  market  in  1825-6,  and  again  in 
1846,  with  the  failure  of  banks  and  merchants, 
likewise  have  the  effect  of  augmenting  the  mass 
of  casual  labour;  for  capitalists  and  employers, 
under  such  circumstances,  expend  as  little  as 
possible  in  wages  or  employment  until  the  storm 
blows  over.  Bad  harvests  have  a  similar  de- 
pressing effect. 


There  are  also  the  consequences  of  changes  of 
taste.  The  abandonment  of  the  fashions  of  gen- 
tlemen's wearing  swords,  as  well  as  embroidered 
garments,  flowing  periwigs,  large  shoe-buckles, 
all  reduced  able  artizans  to  poverty  by  depriving 
them  of  work.  So  it  was,  when,  to  carry  on 
the  war  with  France,  Mr.  Pitt  introduced  a  tax 
on  hair  powder.  Hundreds  of  hair-dressers  were 
thrown  out  of  employment,  many  persons  abandon- 
ing the  fashion  of  wearing  powder  rather  than 
pay  the  tax.  There  are  now  city  gentlemen,  who 
can  remember  that  when  clerks,  they  had  some- 
times to  wait  two  or  three  hours  for  "their  turn" 
at  a  barber's  shop  on  a  Sunday  morning;  for  they 
could  not  go  abroad  until  their  hair  was  dressed 
and  powdered,  and  their  queues  trimmed  to  the 
due  standard  of  fashion.  So  it  has  been,  more- 
over, in  modern  times  in  the  substitution  of  silk 
for  metal  buttons,  silk  hats  for  stuff,  and  in  the 
supersedence  of  one  material  of  dress  by  another. 

These  several  causes,  then,  which  could  only 
exist  in  a  community  of  great  wealth  and  great 
poverty  have  rendered,  and  are  continually  render- 
ing, the  labour  market  uncertain  and  over-stocked; 
to  what  extent  they  do  and  have  done  this, 
it  is,  of  course,  almost  impossible  to  say  m-ecisely  ; 
but,  eves  with  the  strongest  disposition  to  avoid 
exaggeration,  we  may  assert  that  there  are  in  this 
country  no  less  than  125,000  families,  or  500,000 
people,  who  depend  on  the  weather  for  their  food; 
300,000  families,  or  1,250,000  people,  who  can 
obtain  employment  only  at  particular  seasons; 
150,000  more  families,  or  500,000  people,  whose 
trade  depends  upon  the  fashionable  rather  than 
the  natural  seasons,  are  thrown  out  of  work  at  the 
cessation  of  the  brisk  time  of  their  business ;  and, 
perhaps,  another  150,000  of  families,  or  500,000 
people,  dependent  on  the  periodical  increase  and 
decrease  of  commerce,  and  certain  social  and  poli- 
tical accidents  which  tend  to  cause  a  greater  or  less 
demand  for  labour.  Altogether  we  may  assert, 
with  safety,  that  there  are  at  the  least  725,000 
families,  or  three  millions  of  men,  women,  and 
children,  whose  means  of  living,  far  from  being 
certain  and  constant,  are  of  a  precarious  kind, 
depending  either  upon  the  rain,  the  wind,  the 
sunshine,  the  caprice  of  fashion,  or  the  ebbings 
and  flowings  of  commerce. 

But  there  is  a  still  more  potent  cause  at  work 
to  increase  the  amount  of  casual  labour  in  this 
country.  Thus  far  we  have  proceeded  on  the 
assumption  that  at  the  brisk  season  of  each  trade 
there  is  full  employment  for  all;  but  this  is  far 
from  being  the  case  in  the  great  majority,  if  not 
the  whole,  of  the  instances  above  cited.  In  almost 
all  occupations  there  is  in  this  country  a  sujyer- 
fluity  of  labourers,  and  this  alone  would  tend  to 
render  the  employment  of  a  vast  number  of  the 
hands  of  a  casual  rather  than  a  regular  character. 
In  the  generality  of  trades  the  calculation  is 
that  one-third  of" the  hands  are  fully  employed, 
one-third  partially,  and  one-third  unemployed 
throughout  the  year.  This,  of  course,  would 
be  the  case  if  there  were  twice  too  many  work- 
people ;  for  suppose  the  number  of  work-people  in 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


301 


a  given  trade  to  be  6000,  and  the  work  sufficient 
to  employ  (fully)  only  half  the  quantity,  then, 
of  course,  2000  might  be  occupied  their  whole 
time,  2000  more  might  have  work  sufficient  to 
occupy  them  half  their  time,  and  the  remaining 
2000  have  no  work  at  all ;  or  the  whole  4000  might, 
on  the  average,  obtain  three  months'  employment 
out  of  the  twelve ;  and  this  is  frequently  the  case. 
Hence  we  see  that  a  surplusage  of  hands  in  a  trade 
tends  to  change  the  employment  of  the  great 
majority  from  a  state  of  constancy  and  regularity 
into  one  of  casualty  and  precariousness. 

Consequently  it  becomes  of  the  highest  importance 
that  we  should  endeavour  to  ascertiin  what  are 
the  circumstances  inducing  a  surplusage  of  hands 
in  the  several  trades  of  the  present  day.  A  sur- 
plusage of  hands  in  a  trade  may  proceed  from 
three  different  causes,  viz. : — 

1.  The  alteration  of  the  hours,  rate,  or  mode 
of  working,  or  else  the  term  of  hiring. 

2.  The  increase  of  the  hands  themselves. 

3.  The  decrease  of  the  work. 

Each  of  these  causes  is  essentially  distinct;  in 
the  first  case  there  is  neither  an  increase  in  the 
number  of  hands  nor  a  decrease  in  the  quantity  of  ! 
work,  and  yet  a  surplusage  of  labourers  is  the 
consequence,  for  it  is  self-evident  that  if  there  be 
work  enough  in  a  given  trade  to  occupy  6000 
men  all  the  year  round,  labouring  twelve  hours  per 
day  for  six  days  in  the  week,  the  same  quantity 
of  work  will  afford  occupation  to  only  40U0  men, 
or  one-third  less,  labouring  between  fifteen  and 
sixteen  hours  per  diem  for  seven  days  in  the  week. 
The  same  result  would,  of  course,  take  place,  if 
the  workman  were  made  to  labour  one-third  more 
qukkhj,  and  so  to  get  through  one-third  more  work 
in  the  same  time  (either  by  increasing  their  interest 
in  their  work,  by  the  invention  of  a  new  tool, 
by  extra  supervision,  or  by  the  subdivision  of 
labour,  &c.,  &c.),  the  same  result  would,  of  course, 
ensue  as  if  they  laboured  one-third  longer  hours, 
viz.,  one-third  of  the  hands  must  be  thrown  out 
of  employment.  So,  again,  by  altering  the  mode 
or  form  of  tcork,  as  by  producing  on  the  large 
scale,  instead  of  the  small,  a  smaller  number  of 
labourers  are  required  to  execute  the  same  amount 
of  work;  and  thus  (if  the  market  for  such  work  be 
necessarily  limited)  a  surplusage  of  labourers  is 
the  nsiilt.  Hence  we  see  that  the  alteration  of 
t!i<-  h'.urs,  rate,  or  mode  of  working  may  tend  as 
jji.MtiNciy  to  overstock  a  country  with  labourers 
as  if  the  labourers  themselves  bad  unduly  in- 
creased. 

But  this,  of  course,  is  on  the  assumption  that  both 
the  quantity  of  work  and  the  number  of  hands 
remain  the  siime.  The  next  of  the  three  Ciiuses, 
above  mentioned  as  inducing  a  surplusage  of  hands, 
is  that  which  arises  from  a  positive  increase  in  Vie 
number  of  laJtourert,  while  the  quantity  of  work  re- 
mains the  same  or  increases  at  a  less  rate  than  the 
labourers;  and  the  third  cause  is,  where  the  sur- 
plusage of  labourers  arises  not  from  any  alteration 
in  the  number  of  hands,  but  from  a  positive 
'  rease  in  tiie  quantity  of  work. 
These  are  distinctions  neceuary  to  be  borne 


clearly  in  mind  for  the  proper  understanding  of  this 
branch  of  the  subject. 

In  the  first  case  both  the  number  of  hands 
and  the  quantity  of  work  remain  the  same,  but 
the  term,  rate,  or  mode  of  working  is  changed. 

In  the  second,  hours,  rate,  or  mode  of 
working  remain  the  same,  as  well  as  the  quantity 
of  work,  but  the  number  of  hands  is  increased. 

And  in  the  third  case,  neither  the  number  of 
hands  nor  the  hours,  rate,  or  mode  of  working  is 
supposed  to  have  been  altered,  but  the  work  only 
to  have  decreased. 

The  surplusage  of  hands  will,  of  course,  be  the 
same  in  each  of  these  cases. 

I  will  begin  with  the  first,  viz.,  that  which  in- 
duces a  surplusage  of  labourers  in  a  trade  by 
enabling  fewer  hands  to  get  through  the  ordinary 
amount  of  work.  This  is  what  is  called  the 
"  economy  of  labour." 

There  are,  of  course,  only  three  modes  of  econo- 
mizing labour,  or  causing  the  same  quantity  of 
work  to  be  done  by  a  smaller  number  of  hands. 

1st.  By  causing  the  men  to  work  longer. 

2nd.  By  causing  the  men  to  work  quicker,  and 
so  get  through  more  work  in  the  same  time. 

3rd.  By  altering  the  mode  of  work,  or  hiring, 
as  in  the  "  large  system  of  production,"  where 
fewer  hands  are  required  ;  or  the  custom  of  tem- 
porary hirings,  where  the  men  are  retained  only 
so  long  as  their  services  are  needed,  and  discharged 
immediately  afterwards. 

First,  of  that  mode  of  economizing  labour  which 
depends  on  an  increase  of  either  the  ordinary 
hours  or  days  for  work.  This  is  what  is  usually 
termed  over- work  and  Sunday  -  work,  both  of 
which  are  largely  creative  of  surplus  hands.  The 
hours  of  labour  in  mechanical  callings  are  usually 
twelve,  two  of  them  devoted  to  meals,  or  72  hours 
(less  by  the  permitted  intervals)  in  a  week.  In 
the  course  of  my  inquiries  for  the  Chronicle,  I 
met  with  slop  cabinet-makers,  tailors,  and  milliners 
who  wo^^ed  sixteen  hours  and  more  daily,  their 
toil  being  only  interrupted  by  the  necessity  of 
going  out,  if  small  masters,  to  purchase  materials, 
and  offer  the  goods  for  sale;  or,  if  journeymen 
in  the  slop  trade,  to  obtain  more  work  and  carry 
what  was  completed  to  the  master's  shop.  They 
worked  on  Sundays  also ;  one  tailor  told  me  that 
the  coat  he  worked  at  on   the  previous  Sunday 

was  for  the  Rev.  Mr.  ,  who  "  little  thought 

it,"  and  these  slop-workers  rarely  give  above  a 
few  minutes  to  a  meal.  Thus  they  toil  40  hours 
beyond  the  hours  usual  in  an  honourable  trade 
(112  hours  instead  of  72),  in  the  course  of  a  week, 
or  between  three  and  four  days  of  the  regular 
hours  of  work  of  the  six  working  days.  In  other 
words,  two  such  men  will  in  less  than  a  week  ac- 
complish work  which  should  occupy  three  men  a 
full  week;  or  1000  men  will  execute  labour  fairly 
calculated  to  employ  1500  at  the  least.  A  paucity 
of  employment  is  thus  caused  among  the  general 
body,  by  this  system  of  over-labour  decreasing  the 
share  of  work  accruing  to  the  several  operatives, 
and  so  adding  to  surplus  hands. 

Of  over-work,  as  regards  excessive  labour,  both 
in  the  general  and  fancy  cabinet  trade,  I  heard 


302 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


the  following  accounts,  which  diflferent  operatives  \ 
concurred  in  giving ;  wliile  some  represented  the 
labour  as  of  longer  duration  by  at  least  an  hour, 
and  some  by  two  hours,  a  day,  than  I  have  stated. 

The  labour  of  t!ie  mt>n  who  depend  entirely  on 
"the  slaughter-houses"  for  the  purchase  of  their 
articles  is  usually  seven  days  a  week  the  year 
through.  That  is,  seven  days  — for  Sunday  work 
is  all  but  universal — each  of  13  hours,  or  91 
hours  in  all ;  while  the  established  hours  of 
labour  in  the  "  honourable  trade"  are  six  days  of 
the  week,  each  of  10  hours,  or  60  hours  in  all. 
Thus  50  per  cent,  is  -added  to  the  extent  of  the 
production  of  low-priced  cabinet-work,  merely 
from  "  over-hours  ; "  but  in  some  cases  I  heard  of 
15  hours  for  seven  days  in  the  week,  or  105  hours 
in  all. 

Concerning  the  hours  of  labour  in  this  trade,  I 
had  the  following  minute  particulars  from  a 
garret-master  who  was  a  chair-maker : — 

"  I  work  from  six  every  morning  to  nine  at 
night ;  some  work  till  ten.  My  breakfast  at  eight 
stops  nie  for  ten  minutes.  I  can  breakfast  in  less 
time,  but  it 's  a  rest ;  my  dinner  takes  me  say 
twenty  minutes  at  the  outside;  and  my  tea,  eight 
minutes.  All  the  rest  of  the  time  I  'm  slaving  at 
my  bench.  How  many  minutes'  rest  is  that,  sir  ? 
Thirty-eight ;  well,  say  three-quarters  of  an  hour, 
and  that  allows  a  i&vr  sucks  at  a  pipe  when  I 
rest;  but  I  can  smoke  and  work  too.  I  have 
only  one  room  to  work  and  eat  in,  or  I  should 
lose  more  time.  Altogether  I  labour  14^  hours 
every  day,  and  I  must  work  on  Sundays— at 
least  40  Sundays  in  the  year.  One  may  as  well 
work  as  sit  fretting.  But  on  Sundays  I  only 
work  till  it 's  dusk,  or  till  five  or  six  in  summer. 
When  it's  dusk  I  take  a  walk.  I'm  not  well- 
dressed  enough  for  a  Sunday  walk  when  it 's 
light,  and  I  can't  wear  my  apron  on  that  day  very 
well  to  hide  patches.  But  there's  eight  hours 
that  I  reckon  I  take  up  every  week  one  with 
another,  in  dancing  about  to  the  slaughterers. 
I  'm  satisfied  that  I  work  very  nearly  100  hours 
a  week  the  year  through  ;  deducting  the  time 
taken  up  by  the  slaughterers,  and  buying  stuff — 
say  eight  hours  a  week — it  gives  more  than  90 
hours  a  week  for  my  work,  and  there  's  hundreds 
labour  as  hard  as  I  do,  just  for  a  crusL" 

The  East-end  turners  generally,  I  was  informed, 
when  inquiring  into  the  state  of  that  trade, 
labour  at  the  lathe  from  six  o'clock  in  the  morning 
till  eleven  and  twelve  at  night,  being  18  hours' 
work  per  day,  or  108  hours  per  week.  They 
allow  themselves  two  hours  for  their  meals.  It 
takes  them,  upon  an  average,  two  hours  more 
every  day  fetching  and  carrying  their  work  home. 
Some  of  the  East-end  men  work  on  Sundays,  and 
not  a  few  either,  said  my  informant.  "  Sometimes 
I  have  worked  hard,"  said  one  man,  ''  from  six 
one  morning  till  four  the  next,  and  scarcely  had 
any  time  to  take  my  meals  in  the  bargain.  I 
have  been  almost  suffocated  with  the  dust  flying 
down  my  throat  after  working  so  many  hours 
npon  such  heavy  work  too,  and  sweating  so  much. 
It  makes  a  man  drink  where  he  would  not" 
This  system  of  over- work  exists  in  the  "slop" 


part  of  almost  every  business — indeed,  it  is  the 
principal  means  by  which  the  cheap  trade  is 
maintained.  Let  me  cite  from  my  letters  in  the 
Chronicle  some  more  of  my  experience  on  this 
subject.  As  regards  the  London  mantua-makers, 
I  said  : — "  The  workwomen  for  good  shops  that 
give  fair,  or  tolcnibly  fair  wages,  and  expect 
good  work,  can  make  six  average-sized  mantles 
in  a  week,  working  Jro%n  (en  to  ticelve  hours  a 
day;  but  the  slop- workers,  by  toiling  from  thir- 
teen to  sixteen  hours  a  day,  will  make  nine 
such  sized  mantles  in  a  week.  In  a  season 
of  twelve  weeks  1000  workers  for  the  slop- 
houses  and  warehouses  would  at  this  rate 
make  108,000  mantles,  or  36,000  more  than 
Avorkers  for  the  fair  trade.  Or,  to  pnt  it  in 
another  light,  these  slop-women,  by  being  com- 
pelled, in  order  to  live,  to  work  such  over-hours 
as  inflict  lasting  injury  on  the  health,  supplant,  by 
their  over-work  and  over-hours,  the  labour  of  500 
hands,  working  the  regular  hours." 

The  following  are  the  Avords  of  a  chamber-mas- 
ter, working  for  tlie  cheap  shoe  trade  : — 

"  From  people  being  obliged  to  work  twice  the 
hours  they  once  did  work,  or  that  in  reason  they 
ovght  to  work,  a  glut  of  hands  is  the  consequence, 
and  the  masters  are  led  to  make  reductions  in 
the  wages.  They  take  advantage  of  our  poverty 
and  lower  the  wages,  so  as  to  undersell  each 
other,  and  command  business.  My  daughters 
have  to  work  fifteen  hours  a  day  that  we  may 
make  a  bare  living.  They  seem  to  have  no 
spirit  and  no  animation  in  them ;  in  fact,  such 
very  hard  work  takes  the  youth  out  of  them. 
They  have  no  time  to  enjoy  their  youth,  and, 
with  all  their  work,  they  can't  present  the  re- 
spectable appearance  they  ought."  "I"  (inter- 
posed my  informant's  wife)  "  often  feel  a  faintness 
and  oppression  from  my  hard  work,  as  if  my 
blood  did  not  circulate." 

The  better  class  of  artizans  denounce  the  system 
of  Sunday  working  as  the  most  iniquitous  of  all 
the  impositions.  They  object  to  it,  not  only  on 
moral  and  religious  grounds,  but  economically 
also.  "  Every  600  men  employed  on  the  Sab- 
bath," say  they,  "deprive  100  individuals  of  a 
week's  work.  Every  six  men  who  labour  seven 
days  in  the  week  must  necessarily  throw  one 
other  man  out  of  employ  for  a  whole  week.  The 
seventh  man  is  thus  deprived  of  his  fair  share  of 
work  by  the  overtoiling  of  the  other  six."  This 
Sunday  working  is  a  necessary  consequence  of 
the  cheap  slop- trade.  The  workmen  cannot  keep 
their  families  by  their  six  days'  labour,  and  there- 
fore they  not  only,  under  that  system,  get  less 
wages  and  do  more  work,  but  by  their  extra 
labour  throw  so  many  more  hands  out  of  em- 
ployment. 

Here  then,  in  the'  over-work  of  many  of  the 
trade,  we  find  a  vast  cause  of  surplus  hands,  and, 
consequently,  of  casual  labour ;  and  that  the  work 
in  these  trades  has  not  proportionately  increased  is 
proven  by  the  fact  of  the  existence  of  a  superfluity 
of  workmen. 

Let  us  now  turn  onr  attention  to  the  second  of 
the  causes  above  cited,  viz.,  thi  catuinff  of  men  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


303 


wtrh  qutcttr,  and  so  to  accomplish  more  in  the 
same  time.  There  are  sevenl  means  of  attaining 
this  end ;  it  may  be  brought  about  either  {a)  by 
making  the  workman's  gains  depend  directly  on 
the  quantity  of  work  executed  by  him,  as  by  the 
substitution  of  piece-work  for  day-work;  (6)  by 
the  omission  of  certain  details  or  parts  necessary 
for  the  perfection  of  the  work ;  (c)  by  decreasing 
the  workman's  pay,  and  so  increasing  the  neces- 
sity for  him  to  execute  a  greater  quantity  of  work 
in  order  to  obtain  the  same  income ;  (d)  in- 
crea«ing  the  supervision,  and  encouraging  a  spirit 
of  emulation  among  the  workpeople ;  («)  by 
dividing  the  labour  into  a  number  of  simple  and 
minute  processes,  and  so  increasing  the  expert- 
ness  of  the  labourers ;  (/)  by  the  invention  of 
some  new  tool  or  machine  for  expediting  the 
operations  of  the  workman. 

I  shall  give  a  brief  illustration  of  each  of  these 
causes  «ma^2ni,  showing  how  they  tend  to  produce 
a  surplusage  of  hands  in  the  trades  to  which  they 
are  severally  applied.  And  first,  as  to  matin g 
the  workman' X  gabit  depend  directly  on  the  quan- 
tity of  vrork  executed  by  him. 

Of  course  there  are  but  two  direct  modes  of  pay- 
ing for  labour — either  by  the  day  or  by  the  piece. 
Over-work  by  day-work  is  effected  by  means  of 
what  is  called  the  "strapping  system"  (as   de- 
scribed in  the  ilorning  Chronicle  in  my  letter 
upon  the  carpenters  and  joiners),  where  a  whole 
shop  are  set  to  race  over  their  work  in  silence 
one  with  another,  each  striving  to  outdo  the  rest, 
from  the  knowledge  that  anything  short  of  extra- 
ordinary exertion  will   be   sure  to  be  punished 
T^i-iih  dismissal.     Over-work  by  piece-work,  on  the  | 
other  hand,  is  almost  a  necessary  consequence  of  I 
that  mode  of  payment — for  where  men  are  paid  by  I 
the  quantity  theydo,ofcourseitbecomestheinterest  j 
"t  :i  u  irknian  to  do  more  than  he  otherwise  would.  ' 

"  Almost  all  who  work  by  the  day,  or  for  a 
fixed  salary,  that  is  to  say,  those  who  labour  for 
the  gain  of  others,  not  for  their  own,  have,"  it 
has  been  well  remarked,  "no  interest  in  doing 
more  than  the  smallest  quantity  of  work  that  will 
pass  as  a  fulfilment  of  the  mere  terms  of  their 
engagement.  Owing  to  the  insufficient  interest 
which  day  labourers  have  in  the  result  of  their 
labour,  there  is  a  natural  tendency  in  such  labour 
to  be  extremely  inefficient — a  tendency  only  to 
be  overcome  by  vigiUnt  superintendence  on  the 
part  of  the  persons  who  are  interested  in  the 
resuJt,  The  'master's  eye'  is  notoriously  the 
only  security  to  be  relied  on.  But  superintend 
them  as  you  will,  day  labourers  are  so  much  in- 
ferior to  those  who  work  b}'  the  piece,  that,  as 
was  before  said,  the  latter  system  is  practised  in 
nU  ipH'itrial  occupations  where  the  work  admits 
:  at  out  in  definite  portions,  without  in- 
:■  •  necessity  of  too  troublesome  a  surveil- 
i:.  :  guard  against  inferiority  (or  scamping) 
t  •  locution."  But  if  the  labourer  at  piece- 
worK  IS  made  to  produce  a  greater  quantity  than 
at  day-work,  and  this  solely  by  connecting  bis 
own  interest  with  that  of  his  employer,  how  much 
more  largely  must  the  productiveness  of  workmen 
be  increaeed  when  labouring  wholly  on  their  own 


account!  Accordingly  it  has  been  invariably 
found  that  whenever  the  operative  unites  in  him- 
self the  double  function  of  capitalist  and  labourer, 
as  the  "garret-master"  in  the  cabinet  trade,  and 
the  "chamber-master"  in  the  shoe  trade,  making 
up  his  own  materials  or  working  on  his  own 
property,  his  productiveness,  single-handed,  is 
considerably  greater  than  can  be  attiiined  even 
under  the  large  system  of  production,  where  all  the 
arts  and  appliances  of  Avhicli  extensive  capital  can 
avail  itself  are  brought  into  operation- 

As  regards  the  increased  production  hy  omitting 
certain  details  necessary  for  the  due  perfection  of 
the  work,  it  may  be  said  that  "  scamping "  adds 
at  least  200  per  cent,  to  the  productions  of  the 
cabinet-maker's  trade.  I  ascertiiined,  in  the 
course  of  my  previous  inquiries,  several  cases 
of  this  over-work  from  scamping,  and  adduce 
two.  A  very  quick  hand,  a  little  master,  work- 
ing, as  he  called  it,  *"  at  a  slaughtering  pace,"  for 
a  warehouse,  made  60  plain  writing-desks  in  a 
week  of  90  hours  ;  while  a  first-rate  Avorkman, 
also  a  quick  hand,  made  18  in  a  week  of  70 
hours.  The  scamping  hand  said  he  must  work 
at  the  rate  he  did  to  make  lis.  a  week  from  a 
slaughter-house ;  and  so  used  to  such  style  of 
work  had  he  become,  that,  though  a  few  years 
back  he  did  West-end  work  in  the  best  style,  he 
could  not  now  make  eighteen  desks  in  a  week,  if 
compelled  to  finish  them  in  the  style  of  excellence 
displayed  in  the  work  of  the  journeyman  employed 
for  the  honourable  trade.  Perhaps,  he  added,  he 
couldn't  make  them  in  that  style  at  all.  The 
frequent  use  of  rosewood  veneers  in  the  fiincy 
cabinet,  and  their  occiisional  use  in  the  general 
cabinet  trade  gives,  I  was  told,  great  facilities  for 
scamping.  If  in  his  haste  the  scamping  hand 
injure  the  veneer,  or  if  it  have  been  originally 
faulty,  he  tiikes  a  mixture  of  gum  shellac  and 
"  colour"  (colour  being  a  composition  of  Venetian 
red  and  lamp  black),  which  he  has  ready  by  him, 
rubs  it  over  the  damaged  part,  smooths  it  with  a 
slightly-heated  iron,  and  so  blends  it  with  the 
colour  of  the  rosewood  that  the  warehouseman 
does  not  detect  the  flaw.  In  the  general,  as  contra- 
distinguished from  the  fancy,  cabinet  trade  I  found 
the  same  ratio  of  "  scamping."  A  good  workman 
in  the  better-paid  trade  made  a  four-foot  mahogany 
chest  of  drawers  in  five  days,  working  the  regular 
hours,  and  receiving,  at  piece-work  price,  35«.  A 
scamping  hand  made  five  of  the  same  size  in  a 
week,  and  had  time  to  carry  them  for  sale  to  the 
warehouses,  wait  for  their  purchase  or  refusal, 
and  buy  material.  But  for  the  necessity  of  doing 
this  the  scamping  hand  could  have  ma<le  seven 
in  the  91  hours  of  his  week,  though  of  course 
in  a  very  inferior  manner.  "They  would  hold 
together  for  a  time,"  I  was  assured,  "  and  that 
was  all;  but  the  slaughterer  cared  only  to  have 
them  viewly  and  cheap."  These  two  cases  ex- 
ceed the  average,  and  I  have  cited  them  to  show 
what  can  be  done  under  the  scamping  system. 

We  now  come  to  tlje  increased  rate  of  working 
induced  by  a  rediiction  of  Ote  ordinary  rate  of 
remuneration  of  the  workman.  Not  only  is  it 
true  that  over-work  makes   under-pay,  but    the 


304 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


converse  of  the  proposition  is  equally  true,  that 
under-pay  makes  over-work — that  is  to  say,  it  is 
true  of  those  trades  where  the  system  of  piece- 
work or  small  mastership  admits  of  the  operative 
doing  the  utmost  amount  of  work  that  he  is  able 
to  accomplish  ;  for  the  workman  in  such  cases 
seldom  or  never  thinks  of  reducing  his  expenditure 
to  his  income,  but  rather  of  increasing  his  labour, 
so  as  still  to  bring  his  income,  by  extra  produc- 
tion, up  to  his  expenditure.  Hence  we  find  that, 
as  the  wages  of  a  trade  descend,  so  do  the 
labourers  extend  their  hours  of  work  to  the 
utmost  possible  limits — they  not  only  toil  earlier 
and  later  than  before,  but  the  Sunday  becomes  a 
work-day  like  the  rest  (amongst  the  "  sweaters"  of 
the  tailoring  trade  Sunday  labour,  as  I  have 
shown,  is  almost  universal) ;  and  when  the  hours 
of  work  are  carried  to  the  extreme  of  human 
industry,  then  more  is  sought  to  be  done  in  a 
given  space  of  time,  either  by  the  employment  of 
the  members  of  their  own  family,  or  apprentices, 
upon  the  inferior  portion  of  the  work,  or  else  by 
"  scamping  it."  "  My  employer,"  I  Avas  told  by 
a  journeyman  tailor  working  for  the  Messrs. 
Nicoll,  "reduces  my  wages  one-third,  and  the  con- 
sequence is,  I  put  in  two  stitches  where  I  used 
to  give  three."  "  I  must  work  from  six  to  eight, 
and  later,"  said  a  pembroke-table-maker  to  me, 
"to  get  I85.  now  for  my  labour,  where  I  used  to 
get  bis.  a  week — that's  just  a  third.  I  could  in 
the  old  times  give  my  children  good  schooling 
and  good  meals.  Now  children  have  to  be  put 
to  work  very  young.  I  have  four  sons  working 
for  me  at  present.  Not  only,  therefore,  does  any 
stimulus  to  extra  production  make  over-work,  and 
over-work  make  under-pay;  but  under- pay,  by 
becoming  an  additional  provocative  to  increased 
industry,  again  gives  rise  in  its  turn  to  over-work. 
Hence  we  arrive  at  a  plain  unerring  law — over' 
work  makes  under-pay  and  under-'pay  makes 
over-work. 

But  the  above  means  of  increasing  the  rate  of 
working  refer  solely  to  those  cases  where  the 
extra  labour  is  induced  by  making  it  the  interest 
of  the  workman  so  to  do.  The  other  means  of 
extra  production  is  hy  stricter  supervision  of 
journeymen,  or  those  paid  hy  the  day.  The 
shops  where  this  system  is  enforced  are  termed 
"  strapping-shops,"  as  indicative  of  establishments 
where  an  undue  quantity  of  work  is  expected 
from  a  journeyman  in  the  course  of  the  day. 
Such  shops,  though  not  directly  making  use  of 
cheap  labour  (for  the  wages  paid  in  them  are 
generally  of  the  higher  rate),  still,  by  exacting 
more  work,  may  of  course  be  said,  in  strictness, 
to  encourage  the  system  now  becoming  general, 
of  less  pay  and  inferior  skill.  These  strapping 
establishments  sometimes  go  by  the  name  of 
"  scamping  shops,"  on  account  of  the  time 
allowed  for  the  manufacture  of  the  different 
articles  not  being  sufficient  to  admit  of  good 
workmanship. 

Concerning  this  "strapping"  system  I  received 
the  following  extraordinary  account  from  a  man 
after  his  heavy  day's  labour.  Never  in  all  my 
experience  had  I  seen  so  sad  an  instance  of  over- 


work. The  poor  fellow  was  so  fatigued  that  he 
could  hardly  rest  in  his  seat.  As  he  spoke  he 
sighed  deeply  and  heavily,  and  appeared  almost 
spirit-broken  with  excessive  labour  : — 

"I  work  at  what  is  called  a  strapping  shop,"  he 
said,  "and  have  worked  at  nothing  else  for  these 
many  years  past  in  London.  I  call  *  strapping' 
doing  as  much  work  as  a  human  being  or  a  horse 
possibly  can  in  a  day,  and  that  without  any  hang- 
ing upon  the  collar,  but  with  the  foreman's  eyes 
constantly  fixed  upon  you,  from  six  o'clock  in  the 
morning  to  six  o'clock  at  night.  The  shop  in 
which  I  work  is  for  all  the  world  like  a  prison  ; 
the  silent  system  is  as  strictly  carried  out  there  as 
in  a  model  gaol.  If  a  man  was  to  ask  any  com- 
mon question  of  his  neighbour,  except  it  was 
connected  with  his  trade,  he  would  be  discharged 
there  and  then.  If  a  journeyman  makes  the  least 
mistake,  he  is  packed  off  just  the  same.  A  man 
working  at  such  places  is  almost  always  in  fear ; 
for  the  most  trifling  things  he  's  thrown  out  of 
work  in  an  instant.  And  then  the  quantity  of 
work  that  one  is  forced  to  get  through  is  posi- 
tively awful ;  if  he  can't  do  a  plenty  of  it,  he 
don't  stop  long  where  I  am.  No  one  would 
think  it  was  possible  to  get  so  much  out  of 
blood  and  bones.  No  slaves  work  like  we  do. 
At  some  of  the  strapping  shops  the  foreman 
keeps  continually  walking  about  with  his  eyes 
on  all  the  men  at  once.  At  others  the  foreman  is 
perched  high  up,  so  that  he  can  have  the  whole  of 
the  men  under  his  eye  together.  I  suppose  since 
I  knew  the  trade  that  a  man  does  four  times  the 
work  that  he  did  formerly.  I  know  a  man  that 's 
done  four  pairs  of  sashes  in  a  day,  and  one  is 
considered  to  be  a  good  day's  labour.  What 's 
worse  than  all,  the  men  are  every  one  striving 
one  against  the  other.  Each  is  trying  to  get 
through  the  work  quicker  than  his  neighbours. 
Four  or  five  men  are  set  the  same  job,  so  that  they 
may  be  all  pitted  against  one  another,  and  then 
away  they  go  every  one  striving  his  hardest  for 
fear  that  the  others  should  get  finislied  first.  They 
are  all  tearing  along  from  the  first  thing  in  the 
morning  to  the  last  at  night,  as  hard  as  they  can 
go,  and  when  the  time  comes  to  knock  off  they 
are  ready  to  drop.  I  was  hours  after  I  got  home 
last  night  before  I  could  get  a  wink  of  sleep;  the 
soles  of  my  feet  were  on  fire,  and  my  arms  ached 
to  that  degree  that  I  could  hardly  lift  my  hand  to 
my  head.  Often,  too,  when  we  get  up  of  a  morn- 
ing, we  are  more  tired  than  when  we  went  to  bed, 
for  we  can  't  sleep  many  a  night;  but  we  mustn't 
let  our  employers  know  it,  or  else  they'd  be  cer- 
tain we  couldn't  do  enough  for  them,  and  we'd 
get  the  sack.  So,  tired  as  we  may  be,  we  are 
obliged  to  look  lively,  somehow  or  other,  at  the 
shop  of  a  morning.  If  we  're  not  beside  our  bench 
the  very  moment  the  bell's  done  ringing,  our  time's 
docked — they  wont  give  us  a  single  minute  out 
of  the  hour.  If  I  was  working  for  a  fair  master, 
I  should  do  nearly  one-third,  and  sometimes  a  half, 
less  work  than  I  am  now  forced  to  get  through, 
find,  even  to  manage  that  much,  I  shouldn't  be 
idle  a  second  of  my  time.  It's  quite  a  mystery 
to  me  how  they  do  contrive  to  get  so  much  work 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


305 


out  of  the  men.  Bnt  they  are  very  clever  people. 
They  know  how  to  have  the  most  out  of  a  man, 
better  than  any  one  in  the  world.  They  are  all 
picked  men  in  the  shop — regular  '  strappers/  and 
no  mistake.  The  most  of  them  are  five  foot  ten, 
and  fine  broad-shouldered,  strong-backed  fellows 
too — if  they  weren't  they  wouldn't  have  them. 
Bless  you,  they  make  no  words  with  the  men, 
they  sack  them  if  they  're  not  strong  enough  to  do 
all  they  want;  and  they  can  pretty  soon  tell,  the 
very  first  shaving  a  man  strikes  in  the  shop,  what 
a  chap  is  made  of.  Some  men  are  done  up  at  such 
work — quite  old  men  and  gray  with  spectacles  on, 
by  the  time  they  are  forty.  I  have  seen  fine 
strong  men,  of  36,  come  in  there  and  be  bent 
double  in  two  or  three  years.  They  are  most  all 
countrymen  at  the  strapping  shops.  If  they  see 
a  great  strapping  fellow,  who  they  think  has  got 
some  stuff  about  him  that  will  come  out,  they  will 
give  him  a  job  directly.  We  are  used  for  all  the 
world  like  cab  or  omnibus  horses.  Directly  they've 
had  all  the  work  out  of  us,  we  are  turned  oflF,  and 
I  am  sure,  after  my  day's  work  is  over,  my  feel- 
ings must  be  very  much  the  same  as  one  of  the 
London  cab  horses.  As  for  Sunday,  it  is  Hteralli/ 
a  day  of  rest  with  us,  for  the  greater  part  of  us 
lay  a-bed  all  day,  and  even  that  will  hardl}'  take 
the  aches  and  pains  out  of  our  bones  and  muscles. 
When  I  'm  done  and  flung  by,  of  course  I  must 
starve." 

The  next  means  of  inducing  a  quicker  rate  of 
working,  and  so  economizing  the  number  of  la- 
bourers, is  by  the  division  and  subdivision  of 
labour.  In  perhaps  all  the  skilled  work  of 
London,  of  the  better  sort,  this  is  more  or  less 
the  case;  it  is  the  case  in  a  much  smaller  degree 
in  the  country. 

The  nice  subdivision  makes  the  operatives  per- 
fect adepts  in  their  respective  branches,  working 
at  them  with  a  greater  and  a  more  assured  facility 
than  if  their  care  had  to  be  given  to  the  whole 
work,  and  in  this  manner  the  work  is  completed 
in  less  time,  and  consequently  by  fewer  hands. 

In  illustration  of  the  extraordinary  increased 
productiveness  induced  by  the  division  of  labour, 
I  need  only  cite  the  well-known  cases: — 

"It  is  found,"  says  Mr.  Mill,  "that  the  produc- 
tive power  of  labour  is  increased  by  carrying  the 
separation  further  and  further;  by  breaking  down 
more  and  more  every  process  of  industry  into 
parts,  so  that  each  labourer  shall  confine  himself 
to  an  even  smaller  number  of  simple  operations. 
And  thus,  in  time,  arise  those  remarkable  cases 
of  what  is  called  the  division  of  labour,  with 
which  all  readers  on  subjects  of  this  nature  are 
fcuniliar.  Adam  Smith's  illustration  from  pin- 
making,  though  so  well-known,  is  so  much  to  the 
point,  that  I  will  venture  once  more  to  transcribe 
it.  '  The  business  of  making  a  pin  is  divided  into 
eighteen  distinct  operations.  One  man  draws  out 
the  wire,  another  Btrai);htens  it,  a  third  cuts  it,  a 
fourth  points  it,  and  a  fifth  grinds  it  at  the  top  for 
receiving  the  head ;  to  make  the  head  requires 
two  or  three  distinct  operations;  to  put  it  on,  is  a 
peculiar  business;  to  whiten  the  pins  is  another; 
it  is  even  a  trade  by  itself  to  put  them  into  the 


paper.  I  have  seen  a  small  manufactory  where 
ten  men  only  were  employed,  and  were  some  of 
them,  consequently,  performed  two  or  three  dis- 
tinct operations.  But  though  they  were  very  poor, 
and  therefore  but  indifferently  accommodated  with 
the  necessary  machinery,  they  could,  when  they 
exerted  themselves,  make  among  them  about 
twelve  pounds  of  pins  in  a  da}'.  There  are  in 
a  pound  upwards  of  4000  pins  of  a  middling 
size. 

'•'Those  ten  persons,  therefore,  could  make 
among  them  upwards  of  48,000  pins  in  a  day. 
Each  person,  therefore,  making  a  tenth  part  of 
48,000  pins,  might  be  considered  as  making  4800 
pins  in  a  day.  But  if  they  had  all  wrought 
separately  and  independently,  and  without  any  of 
them  having  been  educated  to  this  peculiar  busi- 
ness, they  certainly  could  not  each  of  them  have 
made  20,  perhaps  not  one  pin  in  a  day.' " 

M.  Say  furnishes  a  still  stronger  example  of  the 
effects  of  division  of  labour,  from  a  not  very  im- 
portant branch  of  industry  certainly,  the  manufac- 
ture of  playing  cards.  "  It  is  said  by  those  en- 
gaged in  the  business,  that  each  card,  that  is,  a  piece 
of  pasteboard  of  the  size  of  the  hand,  before  being 
ready  for  sale,  does  not  undergo  fewer  than  70 
operations,  every  one  of  which  might  be  the  occu- 
pation of  a  distinct  class  of  workmen.  And 
if  there  are  not  70  classes  of  work-people  in  each 
card  manufactory,  it  is  because  the  division  of 
labour  is  not  carried  so  far  as  it  might  be ;  because 
the  same  workman  is  charged  with  two,  three,  or 
four  distinct  operations.  The  influence  of  this 
distribution  of  employment  is  immense.  I  have 
seen  a  card  manufactory  where  thirty  workmen 
produced  daily  15,500  cards,  being  above  500 
cards  for  each  labourer;  and  it  may  be  presumed 
that  if  each  of  these  workmen  Avere  obliged  to 
perform  all  the  operations  himself,  even  supposing 
him  a  practised  hand,  he  would  not,  perhaps,  com- 
plete two  cards  in  a  day;  and  the  30  workmen, 
instead  of  15,500  cards,  wo\ild  make  only  60." 

One  great  promoter  of  the  decrease  of  manual 
labour  is  to  be  found  in  the  economy  of  labour 
from  a  very  different  cause  to  any  I  have  pointed 
out  as  tending  to  the  incre.ase  of  surplus  hands 
and  casual  labour,  viz.,  to  the  use  of  macJiinery. 

In  this  country  the  use  of  machinery  has 
economised  the  labour  both  of  man  and  horse  to 
a  greater  extent  than  is  known  in  any  other 
land,  and  that  in  nearly  all  departments  of  com- 
merce or  traffic.  The  total  estimated  machine 
power  in  the  kingdom  is  600,000,000  of  human 
beings,  and  this  has  been  all  produced  within  the 
last  century.  In  agriculture,  for  example,  the 
threshing  of  the  corn  was  the  peasant's  work  of 
the  Liter  autumn  and  of  a  great  part  of  the  winter, 
until  towards  the  latter  part  of  the  last  century. 
The  harvest  was  hardly  considered  complete  until 
the  corn  was  threshed  by  the  peasants.  On  the 
first  introduction  of  the  threshing  machines,  they 
were  demolished  in  many  places  by  the  country 
labourers,  whose  rage  was  excited  to  find  that 
their  winter's  work,  instead  of  being  regular,  had 
become  casual. 

But  the  use  of  these  machines  is  now  almost 


806 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


universal.  It  would,  of  course,  be  the  height  of 
absurdity  to  say  that  threshing  macliines  could 
possibly  increase  the  number  of  threshers,  even  as 
the  reaping  machines  cannot  possibly  increase 
the  number  of  reapers ;  their  elfect  is  rather  to 
displace  the  greater  number  of  labourers  so  en- 
gaged, and  hence  indeed  the  "  economy"  of  them. 
It  is  not  known  what  number  of  men  were,  at 
any  time,  employed  in  threshing  corn.  Their 
displacement  was  gradual,  and  iu  some  of  the 
more  remote  parts  of  the  provinces,  the  flails  of 
the  threshers  maybe  heard  still,  but  if  a  threshing 
machine — for  they  are  of  different  power — do  the 
work,  as  has  been  stated,  of  six  labourers,  the 
economization  or  displacement  of  manual  labour  is 
at  once  shown  to  be  the  economization  and  dis- 
placement of  the  whole  labour  (for  a  season)  of  a 
country  side;  thus  increasing  surplus  hands. 

In  other  matters — in  the  unloading  vessels  by 
cranes,  in  all  branches  of  manufactures,  and  even 
in  such  minor  matters  as  the  grinding  of  coffee 
ben-ies,  and  the  cutting  and  splitting  of  wood  for 
lucifer  matches,  an  immense  amount  of  nianaal 
labour  has  been  minimized,  economized,  or  dis- 
placed by  steam  machinery.  On  my  inquiry  into 
the  condition  of  the  London  sawyers,  I  found  that 
the  labour  of  2000  men  had  been  displaced  by 
the  steam  saw-mills  of  the  metropolis  alone.  At 
one  of  the  largest  builder's  I  saw  machines  for 
making  mortises  and  tenons,  for  sticking  mould- 
ings, and,  indeed,  performing  all  the  operations 
of  the  carpenter — one  such  machine  doing  tlie 
work,  perhaps,  of  a  hundred  men.  I  asked  the 
probable  influence  that  such  an  instrument  was 
likely  to  have  on  the  men  1  "  Ruin  them  all,"  was 
the  laconic  reply  of  the  superintendent  of  the 
business  !  Within  the  last  year  casks  have  been 
made  by  machinery- — a  feat  that  the  coopers 
declared  impossible.  Wlieels,  also,  have  been 
lately  produced  by  steam.  I  need,  however, 
as  1  have  so  recently  touched  upon  the  sub- 
ject, do  no  more  than  call  attention  to  the  in- 
formation I  have  given  (p.  240,  vol.  ii.)  con- 
cerning the  use  of  machinery  in  lieu  of  human 
labour.  It  is  there  shown  that  if  the  public  street- 
sweeping  were  effected,  throughout  the  metropolis, 
by  the  machines,  nearly  196  of  the  275  manual 
labourers,  now  scavaging  for  the  parish  contractors, 
would  be  thrown  out  of  work,  and  deprived  of 
7438/.,  out  of  their  joint  earnings,  in  the  year. 

It  is  the  fashion  of  political  economists  to 
insist  on  the  general  proposition  that  machinery 
increases  the  demand  for  labour,  rather  than  de- 
creases it ;  when  they  write  unguardedly,  how- 
ever, they  invariably  betray  a  consciousness  that 
the  benefits  of  machinery  to  manual  labourers  are 
not  quite  so  invariable  as  they  would  otherwise 
make  out.  Here,  for  instance,  is  a  confession  from 
the  pamphlet  on  "  the  Employer  and  Employed," 
published  by  the  Messrs.  Chambers,  gentlemen 
who  surely  cannot  be  accused  of  being  averse  to 
economical  doctrines.  It  is  true  the  pamphlet  is 
intended  to  show  the  evils  of  strikes  to  working 
men,  but  it  likewise  points  out  the  evils  of  me- 
chanical power  to  the  same  chiss  when  applied  to 
certain  operations. 


"  Strikes  also  lead  to  the  superseding  of  hand 

lalotir  by  machines"  says  this  little  work.     "  In 

1831,  on  the  occasion  of  a  strike  at  Manchester, 

several  of  the  capitalists,  afraid  of  their  business 

being  driven  to  other  countries,  had  recourse  to 

the    celebrated   machinists,    Messrs.    Sharp    and 

Co.  of   Manchester,    requesting    them   to    direct 

I  the  inventive  talents  of   their  partner,  Mr.  Ro- 

I  berts,  to  the  construction  of  a  self-acting  mule,  in 

j  order  to  emancipate  the  trade  from  galling  slavery 

I  and   impending  ruin.      Under  assurances  of   the 

I  most   liberal  encouragement   in    the   adoption  of 

I  his  invention,  Mr.  Roberts  suspended  his  profes- 

j  sional  pursuits  as  an  engineer,  and  set  his  fertile 

genius  to  construct  a  spinning  automaton.     In  the 

course  of  a  few  months   he  produced  a  machine, 

called  the  '  Self-acting  Mule,'  which,  in  1834,  was 

in  operation  in  upwards   of  GO  factories;    doing 

the  work  of  the  head  spinners  so  much  better  than 

they  could  do  it  themselves,  as  to  leave  them  no 

chance  against  it. 

"  In  his  work  on  the  '  Philosophy  of  Manufac- 
tures,' Dr.  Ure  observes  on  the  same  subject  — 
'  The  elegant  art  of  calico-printing,  which  embodies 
in  its  operations  the  most  elegant  problems  of 
chemistry,  as  well  as  mechanics,  had  been  for  a 
long  period  the  sport  of  foolish  journeymen,  who 
turned  the  liberal  means  of  comfort  it  furnished 
them  into  weapons  of  warfare  against  their  em- 
ployers and  the  trade  itself.  They  were,  in  fact, 
by  their  delirious  combinations,  plotting  to  kill  the 
goose  which  laid  the  golden  eggs  of  their  industry, 
or  to  force  it  to  fly  off  to  a  foreign  land,  where  it 
might  live  without  molestation.  In  the  spirit  of 
Egyptian  task-masters,  the  operative  printers  dic- 
tated to  the  manufacturers  the  number  and  quality 
of  the  apprentices  to  be  admitted  into  the  trade, 
the  hours  of  their  own  labour,  and  the  wages  to 
be  paid  them.  At  length  capitalists  sought  deliver- 
ance from  this  intolerable  bondage  in  the  resources 
of  science,  and  were  speedily  reinstated  in  their 
legitimate  dominion  of  the  head  over  the  inferior 
members.  The  four-colour  and  five-colour  machines, 
which  now  render  calico-printing  an  unerring  and 
expeditious  process,  are  mounted  in  all  great 
establishments.  It  was  under  the  high-pressure 
of  the  same  despotic  confederacies,  that  self-acting 
apparatus  for  executing  the  dyeing  and  rinsing 
operations  has  been  devised.' 

"  The  croppers  of  the  West  Riding  of  Yorkshire, 
and  the  hecklers  or  flax-dressers,  can  unfold  *a 
tale  of  wo'  on  this  subject.  Their  earnings 
exceeded  those  of  most  mechanics;  but  the  fre- 
quency of  strikes  among  them,  and  the  irregu- 
larities in  their  hours  and  times  of  working, 
compelled  masters  to  substitute  machinery  for 
their  manual  labour.  Their  trades,  in  consequence, 
have  heen  in  a  great  measure  superseded" 

It  must,  then,  be  admitted  that  machinery,  in 
some  cases  at  least,  does  displace  manual  labour, 
and  so  tend  to  produce  a  surplusage  of  labourers, 
even  as  over-work,  Sunday-work,  scamping-work, 
strapping- work,  piece-work,  minutely-divided  work, 
&c.,  have  the  same  effect  so  long  as  the  quantity 
of  work  to  be  done  remains  unaltered.  The  exten- 
sibility of  t/ie   market   is  the   one   circumstance 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


307 


which  determinea  whether  the  economy  of  labour 
prodaced  by  these  means  is  a  blessing  or  a  curse 
to  the  nation.  To  apply  mechanical  power,  the 
division  of  labour,  the  large  system  of  production, 
or  indeed  any  other  means  of  enabling  a  less 
number  of  labourers  to  do  the  Sj^nie  amount  of 
work  ichen  tU  quanlitif  of  uork  to  be  done  is 
limittd  in,  its  natnye,  as,  for  instance,  the  thresliing 
of  com,  the  sawing  of  wood,  &c.,  is  necessarily 
to  make  either  paupers  or  criminals  of  those  who 
were  previously  honest  independent  men,  living  by 
the  exercise  of  their  industry  in  that  particular 
direction.  Economize  your  labour  one-half,  in 
connection  with  a  particular  article,  and  you  must 
sell  twice  the  quantity  of  that  article  or  displace 
a  certain  number  of  the  labourers  ;  that  is  to  say, 
auppose  it  requires  400  men  to  produce  4000  com- 
modities in  a  given  time,  then,  if  you  enable  200 
Bien  to  produce  the  same  quantity  in  the  same  time, 
you  must  get  rid  of  SOOO  commodities,  or  deprive 
a  certain  number  of  labourers  of  their  ordinary 
means  of  living.  Indeed,  the  proposition  is  almost 
self-evident,  though  generally  ignored  by  social 
philosophers:  economize  your  labour  at  a  greater 
rate  than  you  expand  your  markets,  and  you  must 
necessarily  increase  yoor  paupers  and  criminals  in 
precisely  the  same  ratio.  "  The  division  of  labour," 
•ays  Mr,  Mill,  following  Adam  Smith,  "  is  limited 
by  the  extent  of  the  market.  If  by  tlie  separa- 
tion of  pin-making  into  ten  distinct  employments 
48,000  pins  can  be  made  iik  a  day,  this  separation 
will  .only  be  advisable  if  the  number  of  accessible 
cootumers  is  such  as  to  require  every  day  some- 
thing like  48,000  pins.  If  there  is  a*  demand  for 
only  •:'■  """  •'■(■  division  of  labour  can  be  advan- 
tag  .    but  to  the  extent  which   will 

•veij  ;ce  that  sujaller  number."     Again, 

••  regM^*  the  large  system  of  production,  the 
tame  aiUiienty  says,  "  the  possibility  of  substitu- 
tiag  the  large  system  of  production' for  the  small 
4«|nmmU,  of  course,  on  the  extent  of  tlie  market. 
Tb«  large  system  can  only  be  advantageous  when 
a  large  amount  of  business  is  to  be  done;  it 
implies,  therefore,  either  a  populous  and  flourish- 
ing eamraunity,  or  a  great  opening  for  exportation." 
Bttl  these  are  mere  glimmerings  of  the  broad  in- 
contretertibie  pviuciple,  that  the  ecommization  of 
labour  at  a  greater  rate  than  the  exjKLnsioii  of  the 
markeU,  w  iuee$sariljf  the  eatiM  of  gnrjdus  labour 
i»  a  comiMmity. 

The  effect  of  machinery  in  depriving  the  families 
of  agricultural  labourers  of  their  ordinary  sources 
of  income  is  well  established.  "Those  countries," 
writes  Mr.  Thornton,  "  in  which  the  class  of  agri-. 
cuUtttal  labourers  ia  most  depressed,  have  all  one 
thing  in  common.  Each  of  them  was  formerly 
the  seat  of  a  flourishing  maitufacture  carried 
on  by  the  cottagers  at  their  own  homes,  which 
has  now  decayed    or   '  '  !ra\vn    to   other 

sitaationa.     Thus,  in  .-^l.ire  and  Bed- 

fordshire, the  wives  n    of   hibouring 

■n   had  formerly  very    prohtable  occupation  in 
.kinji  Uc«;  during  the  last  war  a  tolerable  lace- 
-'   eight  hours  a  day,  could   easily 
.  a  week ;  the  protits  of  this  em- 
..  .„;_.  _^..,  Lean  since  so  much  reduced  by  the 


use  of  machinery,  that  a  pillow  lacemaker  must 
now  work  twelve  hours  daily  to  earn  2s.  6d.  a 
week." 

The  last  of  the  conditions  above  cited,  as  causing 
the  same  or  a  greater  amount  of  work  to  be  exe- 
cuted with  a  less  quantity  of  labour,  is  the  large 
si/stem  of  production  Mr.  Babbage  and  Mr.  Mill 
liave  so  well  and  fully  pointed  out  "  the  economy 
of  labour"  effected  in  this  manner,  that  I  can- 
not do  better  than  quote  from  them  upon  this 
subject  :— 

''  Even  when  no  additional  subdivision  of  the 
work,"  says  Mr.  Mill,  "  would  follow  an  enlarge- 
ment of  the  operations,  there  will  be  good  economy 
in  enlarging  them  to  the  point  at  which  every 
person  to  whom  it  is  convenient  to  assign  a 
special  occupation  will  have  full  employment  in 
that  occupation."  This  point  is  well  illustrated 
by  Mr.  Babbage  :-— "  If  machines  be  kept  working 
through  the  24  hours"  [which  is  ovidently  the 
only  economical  mode  of  employing  them],  "  it  is 
necessary  that  some  person  shall  attend  to  admit 
the  workmen  at  the  time  they  relieve  each  other ; 
and  whether  the  porter  or  other  servant  so  em- 
ployed admit  one  person  or  twenty,  his  rest  will 
be  equally  disturbed.  It  will  also  be  necessary 
occasionally  to  adjust  or  repair  the  machine  ;  and 
this  can  be  done  much  better  by  a  workman 
accustomed  to  machine-making  than  by  the  person 
who  uses  it.  Now,  since  the  good  performance 
and  the  duration  of  machines  depend,  to  a  very 
great  extent,  upon  correcting  every  shake  or 
imperfection  in  their  parts  as  soon  as  they  appear, 
the  prompt  attention  of  a  workman  resident  on 
the  spot  will  considerably  reduce  the  expenditure 
arising  from  the  wear  and  tear  of  the  machinery. 
But  in  the  case  of  a  single  lace-frame,  or  a  single 
loom,  this  would  be  too  expensive  a  plan.  Here, 
then,  arises  another  circumstance,  which  tends  to 
enlarge  the  extent  of  the  factory.  It  ought  to 
consist  of  such  a  number  of  machines  as  shall 
occupy  tlie  whole  time  of  one  workman  in  keeping 
them  in  order.  If  extended  beyond  that  number 
the  same  principle  of  economy  would  point  out 
the  necessity  of  doubling  or  tripling  the  number 
of  machines,  in  order  to  employ  the  whole  time 
of  two  or  three  skilful  workmen.  Where  one 
portion  of  the  workman's  labour  consists  in  the 
exertion  of  mere  physical  force,  as  in  weaving, 
and  in  many  similar  arts,  it  will  soon  occur  to  the 
manufacturer  that,  if  that  part  were  cxeciited  by  a 
steam-engine,  the  same  man  might,  in  the  case  of 
weaving,  attend  to  two  or  more  looms  at  once ; 
and,  since  we  already  8Ui)pose  that  one  or  more 
operative  engineers  have  been  employed,  the 
number  of  looms  may  be  so  arranged  that  their 
time  shall  be  fully  occupied  in  keeping  the  steam- 
engine  and  the  looms  in  order. 

''  Pursuing  the  sante  principles,  the  manufactory 
becomes  gradually  so  enlarged  that  the  expense  of 
lighting  during  the  night  amounts  to  a  consider- 
able sum  ;  and  as  there  are  already  attached  to 
the  establishment  persons  who  aro  up  all  night, 
and  can  therefore  constantly  attend  to  it,  and 
also  engineers  to  make  and  keep  in  repair  any 


No.  XLir. 


308 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


machinery,  the  addition  of  an  apparatus  for  mak- 
ing gas  to  light  the  factory  leads  to  a  new  exten- 
sion, at  the  same  time  that  it  contributes,  by 
diminishing  the  expense  of  lighting  and  the  risk 
of  accidents  from  fire,  to  reduce  the  cost  of  ma- 
nufacturing. 

"  Long  before  a  factory  has  reached  this  extent 
it  will  have  been  found  necessary  to  establish  an 
accountant's  department,  with  clerks  to  pay  the 
workmen,  and  to  see  that  they  arrive  at  their 
stated  times ;  and  this  department  must  be  in 
communication  with  the  agents  who  purchase  the 
raw  produce,  and  with  those  who  sell  the  manu- 
factured article.  It  will  cost  these  clerks  and 
accountants  little  more  time  and  trouble  to  pay  a 
large  number  of  workmen  than  a  small  number, 
to  check  the  accounts  of  large  transactions  than 
of  small.  If  the  business  doubled  itself  it  would 
probably  be  necessary  to  increase,  but  certainly 
not  to  double,  the  number  either  of  accountants 
or  of  buying  and  selling  agents.  Every  increase 
of  business  would  enable  the  ichole  to  be  carried  on 
with  a  proportionally  smaller  amount  of  labour. 
As  a  general  rule,  the  expenses  of  a  business  do 
not  increase  by  any  means  proportionally  to  the 
quantity  of  business.  Let  us  take  as  an  example 
a  set  of  operations  which  we  are  accustomed  to 
see  carried  on  by  one  great  establishment — that  of 
the  Post  Office. 

•*  Suppose  that  the  business,  let  us  say  only  of 
the  London  letter-post,  instead  of  being  centralised 
in  a  single  concern,  were  divided  among  five  or 
six  competing  companies.  Each  of  these  would 
be  obliged  to  maintain  almost  as  large  an  esta- 
blishment as  is  now  sufficient  for  the  whole. 
Since  each  must  arrange  for  receiving  and  deliver- 
ing letters  in  all  parts  of  the  town,  each  must 
send  letter-carriers  into  every  street,  and  almost 
every  alley,  and  this,  too,  as  many  times  in  the 
day  as  is  now  done  by  the  Post  Office,  if  the 
service  is  to  be  as  well  performed.  Each  must 
have  an  office  for  receiving  letters  in  every  neigh- 
bourhood, with  all  subsidiary  arrangements  for 
collecting  the  letters  from  the  different  offices  and 
redistributing  them.  I  say  nothing  of  the  much 
greater  number  of  superior  officers  who  would  be 
required  to  check  and  control  the  subordinates, 
implying  not  only  a  greater  cost  in  salaries  for 
such  responsible  officers,  but  the  necessity,  per- 
haps, of  being  satisfied  in  many  instances  with  an 
inferior  standard  of  qualification,  and  so  failing  in 
the  object." 

But  this  refers  solely  to  the  "  large  system  of 
business"  as  applied  to  purposes  of  manufacture 
and  distribution.  In  connection  with  agricul- 
ture there  is  the  same  saving  of  labour  eflfected. 
"  The  large  farmer,"  says  Mr.  Mill,  "  has  some 
advantage  in  the  article  of  buildings.  It  does 
not  cost  so  much  to  house  a  great  number  of 
cattle  in  one  building,  as  to  lodge  them  equally 
well  in  several  buildings.  There  is  also  some 
advantage  in  implements.  A  small  farmer  is 
not  so  likely  to  possess  expensive  instruments. 
But  the  principal  agricultural  implements,  even 
when  of  the  best  construction,  are  not  ex- 
pensive.    It  may  not  answer  to  a  small  farmer 


to  own  a  threshing  machine  for  the  small 
quantity  of  corn  he  has  to  thresh  ;  but  there  is 
no  reason  why  such  a  machine  should  not  in 
every  neighbourhood  be  owned  in  common,  or 
provided  by  some  person  to  whom  the  others  pay 
a  consideration  for  its  use.  The  large  farmer  can 
make  some  saving  in  cost  of  carriage.  There  is 
nearly  as  much  trouble  in  carrying  a  small  portion 
of  produce  to  market,  as  a  much  greater  produce; 
in  bringing  home  a  small,  as  a  much  larger  quan- 
tity of  manure,  and  articles  of  daily  consumption. 
There  is  also  the  greater  cheapness  of  buying 
things  in  large  quantities." 

A  short  time  ago  I  went  into  Buckinghamshire , 
to  look  into  the  allotment  system.  And,  in  one 
parish  of  1800  acres,  I  foimd  that  some  years 
ago  there  were  seventeen  farmers  who  occupied, 
upon  the  average,  100  acres  each,  and  who,  previous 
to  the  immigration  of  the  Irish  harvest-men,  co7i,- 
stantly  employed  six  men  a-piece,  or,  in  the  aggre- 
gate, upwards  of  100  hands.  Now,  however,  the 
farmers  in  the  same  parish  occupy  to  the  extent  of 
300  acres  each,  and  respectively  employ  only  six 
men  and  a  few  extra  hands  at  harvest  time. 
Thus  the  number  of  hands  employed  by  this 
system  has  been  decreased  one-half.  I  learned, 
moreover,  from  a  clergyman  there,  who  had 
resided  in  Wiltshire,  that  the  same  thing  was 
going  on  in  that  county  also ;  that  small  farms 
were  giving  way  to  large  farms,  and  that  at  least 
half  the  labourers  had  been  displaced.  The 
agricultural  labourers,  at  the  time  of  taking  the 
last  census,  were  1,500,000  in  number;  so  that, 
if  this  system  be  generally  carried  out,  there  must 
be  750,000  labourers  and  their  families,  or 
3,000,000  people,  deprived  of  their  living  by  it. 

Sir  James  Graham,  in  his  evidence  before  the 
Committee  on  Criminal  Commitments,  has  given  us 
some  curious  particulars  as  to  the  decrease  of  the 
number  of  hands  required  for  agricultural  purposes, 
where  the  large  system  of  production  is  pursued 
in  place  of  the  small :  he  has  told  us  how  many 
hands  he  was  enabled  to  get  rid  of  by  these 
means,  the  proportion  of  labour  displaced,  it  will 
be  seen,  amounted  to  about  10  per  cent,  of  the 
labouring  population.  In  answer  to  a  question 
relative  to  the  increase  of  population  in  his  district, 
he  replied: — 

"I  have  myself  taken  very  strong  means  to 
prevent  it,  for  it  so  happens  that  my  whole  estate 
came  out  of  lease  in  the  year  1822,  after  the 
currency  of  a  lease  of  fourteen  years;  and  by 
consolidation  of  farms,  and  the  destruction  of 
cottages,  I  have  diminished,  upon  my  own  pro- 
perty, the  population  to  the  extent  of  from  300  to 
400  souls." 

"  On  how  many  acres?— On  about  30,000 
acres."  [This  is  at  the  rate  of  one  in  every  100 
acres]. 

"  What  was  the  whole  extent  of  population  ?— 
It  was  under  4000  before  I  reduced  it.  ! 

"What  became  of  those  300  or  400?— The  i 
greater  part  of  them,  being  small  tenants  were,  j 
enabled  to  find  farms  on  the  estates  of  other  pro-  I 
prietors,  who  pursued  the  opposite  course  of  sub- 
dividing their  estates  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


309 


higher  nominal  rents;  others  have  become  day 
labourers,  and  as  day  labourers,  I  have  reason  to 
know,  they  are  more  thriving  than  they  were  on 
mv  estate  as  small  farmers,  subject  to  a  high  rent, 
which  their  want  of  capital  seldom  enabled  them 
to  pay;  two  or  three  of  these  families  went  to 
America. 

"  Have  you  any  out  of  work] — None  entirely 
out  of  work,  some  only  partially  employed ;  but 
since  the  dispersion  of  this  large  mass  of  popula- 
tion, the  supply  of  labour  has  not  much  exceeded 
the  demand,  for  whenever  I  removed  a  family,  1 
pulled  down  tJie  house,  and  the  parochial  jealousy 
respecting  settlements  is  an  ample  check  on  the 
intlux  of  strangers." 

Simihr  to  the  influence  of  the  large  system  of 
production  in  its  displacement  of  labourers,  as 
enabling  a  larger  quantity  of  work  to  be  executed 
by  one  establishment  with  a  smaller  number  of 
hands  than  would  be  required  were  the  amount  of 
work  to  be  divided  into  a  number  of  smaller  esta- 
blishments,— similar  to  this  mode  of  economizing 
labour,  is  that  mode  of  work  which,  by  altering 
the  produce  rather  than  the  mode  of  production, 
and  by  substituting  an  article  that  requires  less 
labour  for  one  that  required  more,  gets  rid  of  a 
large  quantity  of  labour,  and,  consequently,  adds  to 
the  surplusage  of  labourers.  An  instance  of  this 
is  in  the  substitution  of  pasturage  for  tillage. 
"Plough  less  and  graze  more,"  says  Sir  J.  Graham, 
the  great  economist  of  labour,  simply  because 
fewer  people  will  be  required  to  attend  to  the 
land.  But  this  plan  of  grazing  instead  of  plough- 
ing was  adopted  in  tliis  country  some  centuries 
back,  and  with  what  effect  to  the  labourers  and  the 
people  at  large,  the  following  extract  from  the 
work  of  Mr.  Thornton,  on  over-population,  will 
•how : — 

"  The  extension  of  the  woollen  manufacture 
was  raising  the  price  of  wool ;  and  the  little 
attendance  which  sheep  require  was  an  additional 
motive  for  causing  sheep  farming  to  be  preferred 
to  tillage.  Arable  land,  therefore,  began  to  be 
converted  into  pasture ;  and  the  seemingly-inter- 
minable com  fields,  which,  like  those  of  Germany 
at  this  day,  probably  extended  for  miles  without 
having  their  even  surface  broken  by  fences  or 
any  other  visible  boundaries,  disappeared.  After 
being  sown  with  grass  they  were  surrounded  and 
divided  by  inclosures,  to  prevent  the  sheep  from 
straying,  and  to  do  away  with  the  necessity  of 
having  shepherds  always  on  the  watch.  By  these 
changes  the  quantity  of  work  to  be  done  upon  a 
farm  was  exceedingly  diminished,  and  most  of  the 
lenrants,  whom  it  had  been  usual  to  board  and 
lodge  in  the  manor  and  farm-houses,  were  dis- 
missed. This  wa«  not  all.  The  married  farm- 
servants  were  ousted  from  their  cottages,  which 
were  pulled  down,  and  their  gardens  and  fields 
were  annexed  to  the  adjoining  meadows.  The 
small  farmers  were  treated  in  the  same  way,  as 
their  leaaes  fell  in,  and  were  tent  to  join  the  daily 
inereasing  crowd  qf  cor/ipetitors  for  work  that  vxu 
■'■••'■■  '"'reasing  in  quantity. 

freeholders  were  in  some  instances  ejected 
r  lands.     This  social  revolution  bad  pro- 


bably commenced  even  before  the  prosperity  of 
the  peasantry  had  reached  its  climax;  but  in 
1487  it  attracted  the  notice  of  Parliament,  and 
an  Act  was  passed  to  restrain  its  progress;  for 
already  it  was  observed  that  inclosures  were  be- 
coming '  more  frequent,  whereby  arable  land, 
■which  could  not  be  manured  without  2^eople  and 
families,  was  tuiiied  into  pasture,  which  was 
easily  rid  by  a  few  herdsmen;^  and  that 
'tenancies  for  years,  lives,  and  at  will,  whereupon 
most  of  the  yeomanry  lived,  were  turned  into 
demesnes'*.  In  1533  f,  An  act  was  passed 
strongly  condemning  the  practice  of  'accumula- 
ting' farms,  which  it  was  declared  had  reduced 
*a  marvellous  multitude'  of  the  people  to  poverty 
and  misery,  and  left  them  no  alternative  but  to 
steal,  or  to  die  'pitifully'  of  cold  and  hunger. 
In  this  Act  it  was  stated  that  single  farms  might 
be  found  with  flocks  of  from  10,000  to  20,000 
sheep  upon  them ;  and  it  was  ordained  that  no 
man  should  keep  more  than  2000  sheep,  except 
upon  his  own  land,  or  rent  more  than  two 
farms. 

"Two  years  later  it  was  enacted  that  the  king 
should  have  a  moiety  of  the  profits  of  land  con- 
verted (subsequently  to  a  date  specified)  from 
tillage  to  pastures,  until  a  suitable  house  was 
erected,  and  the  land  was  restored  to^tillage.  In 
1552,  a  law  J  was  made  which  required  that  on 
all  estates  as  large  a  quantity  of  land  as  had 
been  kept  in  tillage  for  four  years  together  at  any 
time  since  the  accession  of  Henry  VIII.,  should 
be  so  continued  in  tillage.  But  these,  and  many 
subsequent  enactments  of  the  same  kind,  had  not 
the  smallest  effect  in  checking  the  consolidation  of 
farms.  We  find  Roger  Ascham,  in  Queen  Eliza- 
beth's reign,  lamenting  the  dispersion  of  families, 
the  ruin  of  houses,  the  breaking'  up  and  destruc- 
tion of  'the  noble  yeomanry,  the  honour  and 
strength  of  England.'  Harrison  also  speaks  of 
towns  pulled  down  for  sheep-walks ;  '  and  of  the 
tenements  that  had  fallen  either  down  or  into  the 
lord's  hands ; '  or  had  been  '  brought  and  united 
together  by  other  men,  so  that  in  some  one 
manor,  seventeen,  eighteen,  or  twenty  houses 
were  shrunk.' § 

"  'Where  have  been  a  great  many  householders 
and  inhabitants,'  says  Bishop  Latimer,  *  there  is 
now  but  a  shepherd  and  his  dog.'H  And  in  a 
curious  tract,  published  in  1581,  by  one  William 
Stafford,  a  husbandman  is  made  to  exclaim, 
*  Marry,  these  inclosures  do  'and  undo  us  all,  for 
they  make  us  pay  dearer  for  our  land  that  we 
occupy,  and  causeth  that  we  can  have  no  land  to 
put  to  tillage  ;  all  is  taken  up  for  pasture,  either 
for  sheep  or  for  grazing  of  cattle,  insomuch  that  I 
have  known  of  late  a  dozen  ploughs,  within  less 
compass  than  six  miles  about  me,  laid  down 
within  this  seven  years;  and  where  threescore 
persons  or  upwards  had  their  livings,  now  one 
man,  with  his  cattle,  hath  all.     Those  sheep  ia 

♦  Lord  Bacon's  Hist,  of  King  Henry  VII.,  Works, 
vol.  V.  p.  61. 
t  25th  Henry  V 11 1,  cap.  1.3. 
t  5&6Kdw.  V!.,<a|).  r.. 

JK<len'»  Hiit.  of  the  Poor,  vol.  1.  p.  118. 
Latimer's  Sermons,  p.  100. 


310 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR.' 


the  cause  of  all  our  mischief,  for  they  have  driven 
husbandry  out  of  the  country,  by  which  was 
increased  before  all  kinds  of  victuals,  and  now 
altogether  sheep,  sheep,  sheep.'  *  While  num- 
bers of  persons  were  thus  continuallj'-  driven  from 
their  homes,  and  deprived  of  their  means  of  live- 
lihood, we  need  not  be  at  a  loss  to  account  for  the 
increase  of  vagrancy,  without  ascribing  it  to  the 
increase  of  population." 

As  an  instance,  within  our  time,  of  the  same 
mode  of  causing  a  surplusage  of  labourers,  and  so 
adding  to  the  quantity  of  casual  labour  in  the 
kingdom,  viz.,  by  the  extension  of  pasturage  and 
consequent  diminution  of  tillage,  we  may  cite  the 
"clearances,"  as  they  were  called,  which  took  place, 
some  few  years  back,  in  the  Highlands  of  Scot- 
land. "It  is  only  within  the  last  few  years,"  says 
the  author  above  quoted,  "  that  the  strathes  and 
gitens  of  Sutherland  have  been  cleared  of  their 
inhabitants,  and  that  the  whole  country  has  been 
converted  into  one  immense  slieepuull;  over  which 
the  traveller  may  proceed  for  40  miles  together 
without  seeing  a  tree  or  a  stone  wall,  or  anything, 
but  a  heath  dotted  with  sheep  and  lambs  f  •  .  . 
.  .  .  The  example  of  Sutherland  is  imitated  in  the 
neighbouring  counties.  During  the  last  four 
years  soine  hurulreds  of  families  have  been 
'  weeded '  out  of  Ross-shire,  and  nearly  400 
more  have  received  notice  to  quit  next  year. 
Similar  notice  has  been  given  to  34  families  in 
Cromarty,  and  only  the  other  day  eighteen  families, 
who  were  living  in  peace  and  comfort,  in  Grlen- 
calvie,  in  Ross-shire,  were  expelled  from  the  farms 
occupied  for  ages  by  themselves  and  their  fore- 
fathers, to  make  room  for  sheep."  And  still  we 
are  told  to  "plough  less  and  graze  more  !  " 

We  now  come  to  the  last-mentioned  of  the  cir- 
cumstances inducing  a  surplusage  of  labourers, 
and,  consequently,  augmenting  the  amount  of 
casual  labour  throughout  the  kingdom,  viz.,  by 
altenng  tlie  mode  of  hiring  the  labourers.  At 
page  236  of  the  present  volume,  I  have  said,  in 
connection  with  this  part  of  the  subject, — 

'"  Formerl)'  the  mode  of  hiring  farm-labourers 
was  by  the  year,  so  that  the  employer  was  boimd 
to  maintain  the  men  when  unemployed.  But  now 
weekly  hirelings  and  even  journey-work,  or^hiring 
by  the  day,  prevail,  and  the  labourers  being  paid 
mere  subsistence-money  only  when  wanted  are 
necessitated  to  bex;orae  either  paupers  or  thieves 
when  their  services  are  no  longer  required.  It  is, 
moreover,  this  change  from  yearly  to  weekly  and 
daily  hirings,  and  the  consequent  discarding  of 
men  when  no  longer  wanted,  that  has  partly 
caused  the  immense  mass  of  surplus  labourers,  who 
are  continually  vagabondizing  through  the  country, 
begging  or  stealing  as  they  go— men  for  whom 
there  is  but  some  two  or  three  weeks'  work  (har- 
vesting, hop'picking,  and  the  lik«)  throughout  the 
year." 

Blackstone,  in  treating  of  the  laws  relating 
to  master  and  servant  (the  greater  part  of  the 

*  Pictorial  History  of  England,  vol.  ii.  p-  900. 
t  Reports  of  the  ♦'  Commissioner"  of  the  Times  News- 
paper, in  June,  1845. 


farm  labourers  or  farm  servants,  as  they  were  then 
called,  being  included  under  the  latter  head),  tells 
us  at  page  425  of  his  first  volume — 

"  The  first  sort  of  servants,  acknowledged  by  the 
laws  of  England,  are  mbniai.  servants  ;  so  willed 
from  being  interlmienia,  or  domestic.  The  contract 
between  them  and  their  masters  arises  upon  the 
hiring.  If  the  hiring  bo  generally,  without  any 
particular  <me  limited,  the  law  construes  it  to  be 
a  hiring  for  a  year  (Co.  Lit.  42) ;  upon  a  principle 
of  natural  equity,  that  the  servant  shall  serve,  and 
the  master  mainuin  him,  throughout  all  the  revo- 
lutions of  the  respective  seasons,  as  well  when 
there  is  loork  to  he  done,  as  when  there  is  not." 

Mr.  Thornton  says,  "  until  recently  it  had  been 
common  for  farm  servants,  even  when  married 
and  living  in  their  own  cottages,  to  take  their 
meals  with  their  master;  and,  what  was  of  more 
consequence,  in  every  farm-house,  many  unmarried 
servants,  of  both  sexes,  were  lodged,  as  well  as 
boarded.  The  latter,  therefore,  even  if  ill  paid, 
might  be  tolerably  housed  and  fed,  and  many  of 
them  fared,  no  doubt,  much  better  than  they  could 
have  done  if  they  had  been  left  to  provide  for 
themselves,  with  treble  their  actual  wages," 

Formerly  throughout  the  kingdom — -and  it  is  a 
custom  still  prevalent  in  some  parts,  more  espe- 
cially in  the  north — single  men  and  women  seek- 
ing engagements  as  farm-servants,  congregated  at 
what  were  called  the  "  Hirings,"  held  usually  on 
the  three  successive  market  days,  which  were 
nearest  to  May-day  and  Martinmas-day.  The 
hiring  was  thus  at  two  periods  of  the  year,  but 
the  engagement  was  usually  for  the  twelvemonth. 
By  the  concurrent  consent,  hoivever,  of  master 
and  servant,  when  the  hiring  took  place,  either 
side  might  terminate  it  at  the  expiration  of  the  six 
months,  by  giving  due  notice;  or  a  further  hiring 
for  a  second  twelvemonth  could  be  legally  effected 
without  the  necessity  of  again  going  to  the  hirings. 
The  servants,  even  before  their  terra  of  service 
had  expired,  could  attend  a  hiring  (generally  held 
under  the  authority  of  the  town's  cliarter)  as  a 
matter  of  right;  the  master  and  mistress  having 
no  authority  to  prevent  them.  The  Market  Cross 
was  the  central  point  for  the  holding  of  the  hirings, 
and  the  men  and  women,  the  latter  usually  the 
most  numerous,  stood  in  rows  around  the  cross. 
The  terms  being  settled,  the  master  or  mistress 
gave  the  servant  "  a  piece  of  money,"  known  as  a 
"god's  penny"  (the  "  handsel  penny'"),  the  offer 
and  acceptance  of  this  god's  penny  being  a  legal 
rfitification  of  the  agreement,  without  any  other 
step.  In  the  old  times  such  engagements  had 
almost  always  (as  shown  in  the  terra  "  God's 
penny  ")  a  character  of  religious  obligation.  At 
the  earliest  period,  the  hirings  were  held  in  the 
church-yards;  afterwards  by  the  Market  Cross. 

I  have  spoken  of  this  matter  more  in  the 
past  than  the  present  tense,  for  the  system  is 
greatly  changed  as  regards  the  male  farm- 
servant,  though  little  as  regards  the  female.  Now 
the  male  farm-labourers,  instead  of  being  hired  for 
a  specific  term,  are  more  generally  hired  by  week, 
by  job,  or  by  day ;  indeed,  even  "  half  a-day's  " 
work  is  known.     At  one  period  it  was  merely  the 


LOyJWy  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


311 


married  coantry  labourers,  residing  in  their  own 
cottages,  who  were  temporarily  engaged,  but  it  is 
now  the  general  body,  married  and  unmarried,  old 
and  young,  with  a  few  exceptions.  Formerly  the 
fiuiner  was  bound  to  lind  work  for  six  or  twelve 
months  (for  both  terms  existed)  for  his  hired 
labourers.  If  the  land  did  not  supply  it.  still  the 
nuui  must  be  maintained,  and  be  paid  his  full  wages 
when  due.  By  such  a  provision,  the  labour  and 
wage  of  the  hired  husbandman  were  regular  and 
rarely  ax.sKa//  but  this  arrangement  is  now  seldom  j 
entered  into,  and  the  hired  husbandman's  labour 
is  consequently  generally  casual  and  rarely  regular. 
This  principle  of  hiring  labourers  only  for  so  long 
a«  they  are  wanted,  as  contradistinguished  from 
the  "  principU  of  natural  equity"  spoken  of  by 
Blackstone,  which  requires  that ''  the  servant  shall 
serve  and  the  master  maintain  him  throtighout  all 
tAe  revolutions  of  the  respective  seasons,  as  veil 
wken  (here  is  tcork  to  be  done  as  when  there  is  not," 
has  been  the  cause,  perhaps,  of  more  casual  Labour 
and  more  fpauperisra  and  crime,  in  this  country,  I 
than,  perhaps,  any  other  of  the  antecedents  before  i 
mentioned.  The  harvest  is  now  collected  solely  j 
by  casual  labourers,  by  a  horde  of  squalid  immi-  ; 
grants,  or  the  tribe  of  natural  and  forced  vagabonds  j 
who  are  continually  begging  or  stealing  their  way 
throughout  the  country;  our  hops  are  picked,  our 
fruit  and  vegetables  gathered  by  the  same  pre- 
carious bands — wretches  who,  perhaps,  obtain 
some  three  months'  harvest  labour  in  the  course  of 
the  year.  The  ships  at  our  several  ports  are  dis- 
charfed  by  the  same  "casual  luinds,"  who  may  be 
•eea  at  oar  dock*  scrambling  like  hounds  for  the 
occasional  bit  of  bread  that  is  vouchsafed  to  them ; 
there  numbers  loiter  throughout  the  day,  even  on 
thecbance  of  an  honr's  employment ;  for  the  term 
of  hiring  has  been  cut  down  to  the  hnest  possible 
limits,  so  that  the  labourer  may  not  be  paid  for 
even  a  second  longer  than  he  is  wanted.  And 
since  he  gets  only  bare  subsistence  money  when 
employed,  '*  What,"  we  should  ask  ourselves, 
"  must  be  his  lot  when  unemployed  '.  " 

I  now  come  to  consider  the  circumstances  causing 
an  undue  increase  of  the  labourers  in  a  country. 
Thus  far  we  have  proceeded  on  the  assumption 
that  both  the  quantity  of  work  to  be  done  and  the 
number  of  bands  to  do  it  remained  stationary,  and 
we  have  seen  that  by  the  mere  alteration  of  the 
time,  rate,  and  mode  of  working,^  vast  amount  of 
surplus,  and,  consequently,  casual  labour  may  be 
induced  in  a  community.     We  have  now  to  ascer-  ■ 
uin  how,  still  aauming  the  quantity  of  work  to  ' 
remain  unaltercfl,  the  same  effect  may  be  brought  { 
about  by  aa  unidae  iitereaue  of  Ike  number  of  ■ 
UUnmrtn. 

TImw  m«  Many  means  by  which  the  number  | 
of  labourers  may  be  increased  besides  that  of  a  > 
poflitrre  increase  of  tbe  people.     These  are — 

1.  By  the  undue  increase  of  apprentices. 

2.  By  drafting  into  the  ranks  of  labour  those 
wbo  should  be  otherwise  engaged,  as  women  and 
cbildreo. 

'S.  By  the  imponation  of  labooren  from  abroad. 
4.  By  tbe  migration  of  coimtrj  Uboorers  to 


towns,  and  so  overcrowding  the  market  in  the 
cities. 

5.  By  the  depression  of  other  trades. 

6.  By  the  undue  increase  of  the  people  them- 
selves. 

Each  and  every  of  the  first-mentioned  causes 
are  as  effective  a  circumstance  for  the  promotion 
of  surplus  labour,  as  even  the  positive  extension 
of  the  population  of  the  country. 

Let  me  begin  with  the  undue  increase  of  a 
trade  by  means  of  appreiiiices. 

This  is,  perhaps,  one  of  the  chief  aids  to  the 
cheap  system.  For  it  is  principally  by  apprentice 
labour  that  the  better  niasters,  as  well  as  workmen, 
are  undersold,  and  the  skilled  labourer  conse- 
quentl}'  depressed  to  the  level  of  the  imskilled. 
But  the  great  evil  is,  that  the  cheapening  of  goods 
by  this  means  causes  an  undue  increase  in  the 
trade.  The  apprentices  grow  up  and  become  la- 
bourers, and  so  the  trade  is  glutted  with  work- 
men, and  casual  labour  is  the  consequence. 

This  apprentice  system  is  the  great  bane  of  the 
printer's  trade.  Country  printers  take  an  undue 
number  of  boys  to  help  them  cheap  ;  these  lads 
grow  up,  and  then,  finding  wages  in  the  provinces 
depressed  through  this  system  of  apprentice 
labour,  they  flock  to  the  towns,  and  so  tend  to 
glut  the  labour  market,  and  consequently  to  in- 
crease the  number  of  casual  hands. 

One  cause  of  the  increased  surplus  and  casual 
labour  in  such  trades  as  dressing-case,  work-box, 
writing-desk-making  and  other  tilings  in  the  fancy 
cabinet  trade  (among  the  worst  trades  even  in 
Spitalfields  and  Bethnal  Green),  shoemaking,  and 
especially  of  women  and  children's  shoes,  is  the 
taking  of  many  apprentices  by  small  masters  (sup- 
plying the  great  warehouses).  As  journey-work  is 
all  but  unknown  in  the  slop  fancy  cabinet  trade,  an 
apprentice,  when  he  has  "  served  his  time,"  must 
start  on  his  own  account  in  the  same  wretched 
way  of  business,  or  become  a  casual  labourer  in 
some  unskilled  avocation,  and  this  is  one  way  in 
which  the  hands  surely,  although  gradually,  in- 
crease beyond  the  demand.  It  is  the  same  with 
the  general  slop  cabinet-maker's  trade  in  the  same 
parts.  The  small  masters  supply  the  "  slaughter- 
houses," the  linen-drapers,  &c.,  who  sell  cheap 
furniture;  they  work  in  the  quickest  and  most 
scamping  manner,  and  do  more  work  (which  is 
nearly  all  done  on  the  chance  of  sale),  as  they  must 
confine  themselves  to  one  branch.  The  slop  chair- 
makers  cannot  make  tables,  nor  the  slop  table-makers, 
chairs;  nor  the  chelfonier  and  drawer-makers, 
Iwdsteads;  for  they  have  not  been  taught.  Even 
if  they  knew  the  method,  and  conld  accomplish 
other  work,  the  want  of  practice  would  compel 
them  to  do  it  slowly,  and  tiie  slop  mechanic  can 
never  afford  to  work  slowly.  Such  classes  of  little 
masters,  then,  to  meet  the  demand  for  low-priced 
furnitiue,  rear  their  sons  to  the  business,  and  fre- 
quently take  apprentices,  to  whom  they  pay  small 
amounts.  The  hands  so  trained  (as  in  the  former 
instances)  are  not  skilled  enough  to  work  for  the 
honourable  trade,  so  that  tiiey  can  only  adopt  the 
course  pursued  by  their  parents,  or  nuuters,  before 
them.     Hence  a  rapid,  although  again  gradual. 


312 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


increase  of  surplus  hands;  or  hence  a  resort  to 
some  unskilled  labour,  to  be  wrought  casually. 
This  happens  too,  but  in  a  smaller  degree,  in  trades 
which  are  not  slop,  from  the  same  cause.  Con- 
cerning the  apprentice  system  in  the  boot  and  shoe 
trade,  when  making  my  inquiries  into  the  con- 
dition of  the  London  workmen,  I  received  the 
following  statements: — 

"  My  employer  had  seven  apprentices  when  I 
was  with  him;  of  these,  two  were  parish  appren- 
tices (I  was  one),  and  the  other  five  from  the 
Refuge  for  the  Destitute,  at  Hoxton.  "With  each 
Refuge  boy  he  got  5^.  and  three  suits  of  clothes, 
and  a  kit  (tools).  With  the  parish  boys  of  Covent- 
garden  and  St.  Andrew's,  Holborn,  he  got  5^. 
and  two  suits  of  clothes,  reckoning  what  the  boy 
wore  as  one.  My  employer  was  a  journeyman, 
and  by  having  all  us  boys  he  was  able  to  get  up 
work  very  cheap,  though  he  received  good  wages 
for  it.  We  boys  had  no  allowance  in  money,  only 
board,  lodging,  and  clothing.  The  board  was 
middling,  the  lodging  was  too,  and  there  was 
nothing  to  complain  about  in  the  clothing.  He 
was  severe  in  the  way  of  flogging.  I  ran  away 
six  times  myself,  but  was  forced  to  go  back  again, 
as  I  had  no  money  and  no  friend  in  the  world. 
When  I  first  ran  away  I  complained  to  Mr, 


the  magistrate,  and  he  was  'going  to  give  me  six 
weeks.     He  said  it  would  do  me  good;  but  Mr. 

interfered,  and   I   was   let   go.     I    don't 

know  what  he  was  going  to  give  me  six  weeks  for, 
unless  it  was  for  having  a  black  eye  that  my 
master  had  given  me  with  the  stirrup.  Of  the 
seven  only  one  served  his  time  out.  He  let  me 
off  two  years  before  my  time  Avas  up,  as  we 
couldn't  agree.  The  mischief  of  taking  so  many 
apprentices  is  this : — The  master  gets  money  with 
them  from  the  parish,  and  can  feed  them  much  as 
he  likes  as  to  quality  and  quantity ;  and  if  they 
run  away  soon,  the  master's  none  the  worse,  for 
he  's  got  the  money;  and  so  boys  are  sent  out  to 
turn  vagrants  when  they  run  away,  as  such  boys 
have  no  friends.  Of  us  seven  boys  (at  the  wages 
our  employer  got)  one  could  earn  195.,  another 
15s.,  another  125.,  another  10s.,  and  the  rest  not 
less  than  8s.  each,  for  all  worked  sixteen  hours 
a  day — that 's  4/.  8s.  a  week  for  the  seven,  or 
225/.  10s.  a  year.  You  must  recollect  I  reckon 
this  on  nearly  the  best  wages  in  the  women's 
trade.  My  employer  you  may  call  a  sweater,  and 
he  made  money  fast,  though  he  drank  a  good  deal. 
We  seldom  saw^him  when  he  was  drunk;  but  he 
did  pitch  into  us  when  he  was  getting  sober. 
Look  how  easily  such  a  man  with  apprentices  can 
undersell  others  when  he  wants  to  work  as  cheap 
as  possible  for  the  great  slop  warehouses.  They 
serve  haberdashers  so  cheap  that  oft  enough  it  'a 
starvation  wages  for  the  same  shops." 

Akin  to  the  system  of  using  a  large  number  of 
apprentices  is  that  of  erii2yloying  hoys  and  girls 
to  displace  the  work  of  men,  at  the  less  laborious 
parts  of  the  trade. 

"  It  is  probable,"  said  a  working  shoemaker  to 
me,  "  that,  independent  of  apprentices,  200  addi- 
tional hands  are  added  to  our  already  over- 
burdened trade  yearly.     Sewing  boys  soon  learn 


the  use  of  the  knife.  Plenty  of  poor  men  will 
offer  to  finish  them  for  a  pound  and  a  month's 
work;  and  men,  for  a  few  shillings  and  a  few 
weeks'  work,  will  teach  other  boys  to  sew.  There 
are  many  of  the  wives  of  chamber-masters  teach 
girls  entirely  to  make  children's  work  for  a  pound 
and  a  few  months'  work,  and  there  are  many  in 
Bethnal-green  who  have  learnt  the  business  in  this 
way.  These  teach  some  other  members  of  their 
families,  and  then  actually  set  up  in  business  in 
opposition  to  those  who  taught  them,  and  in 
cutting  offer  their  work  for  sale  at  a  much  lower 
rate  of  profit;  and  shopkeepers  in  town  and 
country,  having  circulars  sent  to  solicit  custom, 
Avill  have  their  goods  from  a  Avarehouse  that  will 
serve  them  cheapest ;  then  the  warehouseman  will 
have  them  cheap  from  the  manufacturer;  and  he 
in  his  turn  cuts  down  the  wages  of  the  work- 
people, who  fear  to  refuse  offers  at  the  warehouse 
price,  knowing  the  low  rate  at  which  chamber- 
masters  will  serve  the  warehouse." 

As  in  all  trades  where  lowness  of  wages  is  the 
rule,  the  boy  system  of  labour  prevails  among  the 
cheap  cabinet-workers.  It  prevails,  however,  among 
the  garret-masters,  by  very  many  of  them  having 
one,  two,  three  or  four  youths  to  help  them,  and 
so  the  number  of  boys  thus  employed  through  the 
whole  trade  is  considerable.  This  refers  prin- 
cipally to  the  general  cabinet  trade.  In  the  fancy 
trade  the  number  is  greater,  as  the  boys'  labour 
is  more  readily  available ;  but  in  this  trade  the 
greatest  number  of  apprentices  is  employed  by 
such  warehousemen  as  are  manufacturers,  as  some 
at  the  East  end  are,  or  rather  by  the  men  that 
they  constantly  keep  at  work.  Of  these  men,  one 
has  now  eight  and  another  fourteen  boys  in  his 
service,  some  apprenticed,  some  merely  "  engaged  " 
and  dischargeable  at  pleasure.  A  sharp  boy,  in 
six  or  eight  months,  becomes  "handy;"  but  four 
out  of  five  of  the  workmen  thus  brought  up  can 
do  nothing  well  but  their  own  particular  branch, 
and  that  only  well  as  far  as  celerity  in  production 
is  considered. 

It  is  these  boys  who, are  put  to  make,  or  as 
a  master  of  the  better  class  distinguished  to  me, 
not  to  viahe  but  to  put  together,  ladies'  work- 
boxes  at  5c?.  a  piece,  the  boy  receiving  2\d. 
a  box.  'Such  boxes,'  said  another  workman, 
'  are  nailed  together ;  there  's  no  dove-tailing, 
nothing  of  what  I  call  work,  or  workmanship,  as 
you  say,  about  them,  but  the  deal 's  nailed  together, 
and  the  veneer  's  dabbed  on,  and  if  the  deal  's 
covered,  why  the  thing  passes.  The  worst  of  it 
is,  that  people  don't  understand  either  good  work 
or  good  wood.  Polish  them  up  and  they  look 
well.  Besides — and  that 's  another  bad  thing,  for 
it  encourages  bad  work — there  's  no  stress  on  a 
lady's  work-box,  as  on  a  chair  or  a  sofa,  and  so 
bad  work  lasts  far  too  long,  though  not  half  so 
long  as  good;  in  solids  especially,  if  not  in  ve- 
neers." 

To  such  a  pitch  is  this  demand  for  children's 
labour  carried,  that  there  is  a  market  in  Bethnal- 
green,  where  boys  and  girls  stand  twice  a  week 
to  be  hired  as  binders  and  sewers.  Hence  it  will 
be  easily  understood  that  it  is  impossible  for  the 


L0ND02i  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


313 


•killed  »nd  grown  artizan  to  compete  with  the 
labour  of  mere  children,  who  are  thus  literally 
brought  into  the  market  to  undersell  hira  ! 

Concerning  this  market  for  boys  and  girls,  in 
Bethnal-green,  I  received,  during  my  inquiries 
into  the  boot  and  shoe  trade,  the  following  state- 
ments from  shopkeepers  on  the  spot : — 

"Mr.  H has    lived    there    sixteen  years. 

The  market-days  are  Monday  and  Tuesday  morn- 
ings, from  seven  to  nine.  The  ages  of  persons 
who  assemble  there  vary  from  ten  to  twenty,  and 
they  are  often  of  the  worst  character,  and  a  de- 
cideded  nuisance  to  the  inhabitants.  A  great 
many  of  both  sexes  congregate  together,  and  most 
market  days  there  are  three  females  to  one  male. 
They  consiit  of  sewing  boys,  shoe-binders,  winders 
for  weavers,  and  girls  for  all  kinds  of  slop  needle- 
work, girls  for  domestic  work,  nursing  children, 
&C.  No  one  can  testify,  for  a  fact,  that  they  (the 
females)  are  prostitutes ;  but,  by  their  general 
conduct,  they  are  fit  for  anything.  The  market, 
some  years  since,  was  held  at  the  top  of  Abbey- 
street  ;  but,  on  account  of  the  nuisance,  it  was 
removed  to  the  other  end  of  Abbey-street.  When 
the  schools  were  built,  the  nuisance  became  so 
intolerable  that  it  was  removed  to  a  railway  arch 
in  White-street,  Bethnal-green.  There  are  two 
policemen  on  market  mornings  to  keep  order,  but 
my  informant  says  they  require  four  to  maintain 
anything  like  subjection." 

Bat  family  work,  or  the  conjoint  labour  of  a 
vwkman't  vife  and  children,  is  an  equally  exten- 
sire  caose  of  surplus  and  casual  labour. 

A  small  master,  working,  perhaps,  upon  goods 
to  be  supplied  at  the  lowest  rates  to  wholesale 
warehousemen,  will  often  contribute  to  this  result 
by  the  way  in  which  he  brings  up  his  children. 
It  is  less  expensive  to  him  to  teach  them  his  own 
.  business,  and  he  may  even  reap  a  profit  from  their 
labour,  than  to  have  them  brought  up  to  some 
other  calling.  I  met  with  an  instance  of  this  in 
an  inquiry  among  the  toy  makers.  A  maker  of 
common  toys  brought  up  five  children  to  his  own 
trade,  for  boys  and  girls  can  be  made  useful  in 
such  labour  at  an  early  age.  His  business  fell  off 
rapidly,  which  he  attributed  to  the  great  and 
numerous  packages  of  cheap  toys  imported  from 
Germany,  Holland,  and  France,  after  the  lower- 
ing of  the  duty  by  Sir  Robert  Teel's  tariff.  The 
chief  profit  to  the  toy  maker  was  derived  from  the 
labour,  as  the  material  was  of  trifling  cost.  He 
found,  on  the  change  in  his  trade,  that  he  could 
not  employ  all  his  &mily.  His  fellow  tradesmen, 
he  said,  were  in  the  same  predicament;  and  thus 
surplus  hands  were  created,  so  leading  to  casualty 
in  labour. 

"  The  system  which  has,  I  believe,  the  worst 
effect  on  th^  women's  trade  in  the  boot  and  shoe 
business  throughout  England  is,"  I  said  in  the 
Morning  Chronicle,  "chamber-mastering.  There 
are  between  800  and  400  chamber- masters.  Com- 
monly the  man  has  a  wife,  and  three  or  four  chil- 
dren, ten  years  old  or  upwards.  The  wife  cuts 
out  the  work  for  the  binders,  the  husband  does 
the  knife-work,  the  children  sew  with  uncommon 


rapidity.  The  husband,  when  the  work  is  finished 
at  night,  goes  out  with  it,  though  wet  and  cold, 
and  perhaps  hungry — his  wife  and  children  wait- 
ing his  return.  He  returns  sometimes,  having 
'  sold  his  work  at  cost  price,  or  not  cleared  Is.  6d. 
'  for  the  day's  labour  of  himself  and  fiimily.  In 
j  the  winter,  by  this  means,  the  shopkeepers  and 
j  warehouses  can  take  the  advantage  of  the  cham- 
ber-master, buying  the  work  at  their  own  price. 
By  this  means  haberdashers'  shops  are  supplied 
with  boots,  shoes,  and  slippers;  they  can  sell 
women's  boots  at  \s.  9d.  per  pair ;  shoes.  Is.  2d. 
per  pair ;  children's,  6d.,  Sd.,  and  9rf.  per  pair, 
getting  a  good  profit,  having  bought  them  of  the 
poor  chamber-master  for  almost  nothing,  and  he 
glad  to  sell  them  at  any  price,  late  at  night,  his 
children  wanting  bread,  and  he  having  walked 
about  for  hours,  in  vain  trying  to  get  a  fair  price 
for  them;  thus,  women  and  children  labour  as 
well  as  husbands  and  fathers,  and,  with  their 
combined  labours,  they  only  obtain  a  miserable 
living." 

The  labour  of  the  wife,  and  indeed  the  whole 
family — family  work,  as  it  is  called — is  attended 
with  the  same  evil  to  a  trade,  introducing  a  large 
supply  of  fresh  hands  to  the  labour  market,  and 
so  tending  to  glut  with  workpeople  eacli  trade 
into  which  they  are  introduced,  and  thus  to 
increase  the  casual  labour,  and  decrease  the  earn- 
ings of  the  whole. 

"  The  only  means  of  escape  from  the  inevitable 
poverty,"  I  said  in  the  same  letters,  "  which 
sooner  or  later  overwhelms  those  in  connection 
with  the  cheap  shoe  trade,  seems  to  the  workmen 
to  be  by  the  employment  of  his  Avliole  family  as 
soon  as  his  children  are  able  to  be  put  to  the 
trade — and  yet  this  only  increases  the  very  de- 
pression that  he  seeks  to  avoid.  I  give  the  state- 
ment of  such  a  man  residing  in  the  suburbs  of 
London,  and  working  with  three  girls  to  help 
him: — 

"  '  I  have  known  the  business,'  he  said,  '  many 
years,  but  was  not  brought  up  to  it.  I  took  it  up 
because  my  wife's  father  Avas  in  the  trade,  and 
taught  me.  I  was  a  weaver  originally,  but  it  is 
a  bad  business,  and  I  have  been  in  this  trade 
seventeen  years.  Then  I  had  only  my  wife  and  , 
myself  able  to  work.  At  that  time  my  wife  and  ' 
I,  by  hard  work,  could  earn  1/,  a  week ;  on  the  j 
same  work  we  could  not  now  earn  125.  a  week.  ) 
As  soon  as  the  children  grew  old  enough  the 
falling  off  in  the  wages  compelled  us  to  put  them 
to  work  one  by  one — as  soon  as  a  child  could 
make  threads.  One  begjin  to  do  that  between 
eight  and  nine.  I  have  had  a  large  family,  and 
with  very  hard  work  too.  We  have  had  to  lie 
on  straw  oft  enough.  Now,  three  daughters,  my 
wife,  and  myself  work  together,  in  chamber- 
mastering  ;  the  whole  of  us  may  earn,  one  week 
with  another,  28*.  a  week,  and  out  of  that  I  have 
eight  to  support.  Out  of  that  28.<.  I  have  to  pay 
for  grindery  and  candles,  which  cost  me  Is.  a 
week  the  year  through.  I  now  make  children's 
shoes  for  the  wholesale  housr's  and  anybody. 
About  two  years  ago  I  travelled  from  Thomas- 
street,  Bethnal-green,  to  Oxford-street,  "on  the 


314 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


hawk."  I  then  positively  had  nothing  in  my  in-  | 
side,  and  in  Hoiborn  1  had  to  lean  against  a 
house,  through  weakuess  from  hunger.  I  was 
compelled,  as  I  could  sell  nothing  at  that  end  of 
the  town,  to  walk  down  to  Whitechapel  at  ten  at 
night.  I  went  into  a  shop  near  Mile-end  turn- 
pike, and  the  same  articles  (children's  patent 
leather  shoes)  that  I  received  8s.  a  dozen  for 
from  the  wholesale  houses,  I  was  compelled  to 
sell  to  the  shopkeeper  for  Gs.  Qd.  This  is  a  very 
frequent  case — very  frequent — with  persons  cir- 
cumstanced as  I  am,  and  so  trade  is  injured  and 
only  some  hard  man  gains  by  it.'  " 

Here  is  the  statement  of  a  worker  at  "  fancy 
cabinet"  work  on  the  same  subject : — 

"  The  most  on  us  has  got  large  families.  We 
put  the  children  to  work  as  soon  as  we  can.  My 
little  girl  began  about  six,  but  about  eight  or  nine 
is  the  usual  age."  "  Oh,  poor  little  things,"  said 
the  wife,  "  they  are  ohliged  to  begin  the  very  minute 
they  can  me  their  fingers  at  all."  "  The  most  of 
the  cabinet-makers  of  the  East  end  have  from  five 
to  six  in  family,  and  they  are  generally  all  at 
work  for  them.  The  small  masters  mostly  marry 
when  they  are  turned  of  20.  You  see  our  trade's 
coming  to  such  a  pass,  that  unless  a  man  has 
children  to  help  him  lie  can't  live  at  all.  I've 
worked  inore  t/ian  a  month  togetlter,  and  iJie 
longest  night's  rest  I  've  liad  has  been  an  hour  and 
a  quarter ;  aye,  and  I've  been  up  three  nights  a 
xveek  besides.  I've  had  my  children  lying  ill, 
and  been  obliged  to  wait  on  them  into  the  bar- 
gain. You  see,  we  couldn't  live  if  it  wasn't  for 
the  labour  of  our  children,  though  it  makes  'em — 
poor  little  things ! — old  people  long  afore  they  are 
growed  up." 

"  Why,  I  stood  at  this  bench,"  said  the  wife, 
"  with  my  child,  only  ten  years  of  age,  from  four 
o'clock  on  Friday  morning  till  ten  minutes  past 
seven  in  the  evening,  without  a  bit  to  eat  or 
drink.  I  never  sat  down  a  minute  from  the 
time  I  began  till  I  finished  my  work,  and  then  I 
went  out  to  sell  what  I  had  done.  I  walked  all 
the  way  from  here  [Shoreditch]  down  to  the 
Lowther  Arcade,  to  get  rid  of  the  articles." 
Here  she  burst  ovi  in  a  violent  fiood  of  tears, 
saying,  "Oh,  sir,  it  is  hard  to  he  obliged  to  hi- 
bour  from  -morning  till  night  as  we  do,  all  of  us, 
little  ones  and  all,  and  yet  not  be  able  to  live  by 
it  eit/ter." 

"And  you  see  the  worst  of  it  is,  this  here 
children's  labour  is  of  such  value  now  in  our 
trade,  that  there  's  more  brought  into  the  business 
every  year,  so  that  it 's  really  for  all  the  world 
like  breeding  slaves.  Without  my  children  I 
don't  know  how  we  should  be  able  to  get  along." 
"  There  's  that  little  thing,"  said  the  man,  pointing 
to  the  girl  ten  years  of  age  before  alluded  to,  as 
she  sat  at  the  edge  of  the  bed,  "  why  she  works 
regularly  every  day  from  six  in  the  morning  till 
ten  at  night.  She  never  goes  to  school.  We 
can't  spare  her.  There 's  schools  enough  about 
here  for  a  penny  a  week,  but  we  could  not  afford 
to  keep  her  without  working.  If  I  'd  ten  more 
children  I  should  be  obliged  to  employ  them  all 
the  same  way,  and  there  's  hundreds  and  thou- 


sands of  children  now  slaving  at  this  business. 

There's   the    M 's;    they  have  a  family   of 

eight,  and  the  youngest  to  the  oldest  of  all  works 
at  the  bench  ;  and  the  oldest  ain't  fourteen.  I  'm 
sure,  of  the  2500  small  masters  in  the  cabinet 
line,  you  may  safely  say  that  2000  of  them,  at 
the  very  least,  has  from  five  to  six  in  family,  and 
that's  upivards  of  12,000  children  Vuit's  been 
put  to  the  trade  since  prices  Juts  come  down. 
Twenty  years  ago  I  don't  think  tiiere  was  a  child 
at  Avork  in  our  business ;  and  I  am  sure  there  is 
not  a  small  master  now  whose  whole  family  doesn't 
assist  him.  But  what  I  want  to  know  is,  what's  i 
to  become  of  the  12,000^  children  when  they  're 
growed  up,  and  come  regular  into  the  trade  1 
Here  are  all  my  young  ones  growing  up  without 
being  taught  anything  but  a  business  that  I  know 
they  must  starve  at." 

In  answer  to  my  inquiry  as  to  what  dependence 
he  had  in  case  of  sickness,  "  Oh,  bless  you,"  he 
said,  "  there  's  nothing  but  the  parish  for  us.  I 
did  belong  to  a  Benefit  Society  about  four  years 
ago,  but  I  couldn't  keep  up  my  payments  any 
longer.  I  was  in  the  society  above  five-and- 
twenty  year,  and  then  was  obliged  to  leave  it 
after  all.  I  don't  know  of  one  as  belongs  to 
any  Friendly  Society,  and  I  don't  think  there  is 
a  man  as  can  afford  it  in  our  trade  now.  They 
must  all  go  to  the  workhouse  when  they  're  sick 
or  old." 

The  following  is  from  a  journeyman  tailor,  con- 
cerning the  employment  of  women  in  his  trade  : — 
"  When  I  first  began  working  at  this  branch, 
there  were  but  very  few  females  employed  in  it :  a 
few  white  waistcoats  were  given  out  to  them,  under 
the  idea  that  women  would  make  them  cleaner  than 
men — and  so  indeed  they  can.  But  since  the  last 
five  years  the  sweaters  have  employed  females 
upon  cloth,  silk,  and  satin  waistcoats  as  well,  and 
before  that  time  the  idea  of  a  woman  making  a. 
cloth  waistcoat  would  have  been  saouted.  But 
since  the  increase  of  the  puffing  and  the  sweating 
system,  masters  and  sweaters  have  sought  every- 
where for  such  hands  as  would  do  the  work  below 
the  regular  ones.  Hence  the  wife  has  been  made 
to  compete  with  the  husband,  and  the  daughter 
Avith  the  wife :  they  all  learn  the  waistcoat  busi- 
ness, and  must  all  get  a  living.  If  the  man  will 
not  reduce  the  price  of  his  labour  to  that  of  the 
female,  why  he  must  remain  unemployed  ;  and  if 
the  full-grown  woman  will  not  take  the  work  at 
the  same  price  as  the  young  girl,  why  she  must 
remain  without  any.  The  female  hands,  I  can 
confidently  state,  have  been  sought  out  and  intro- 
duced to  the  business  by  the  sweaters,  from  a 
desire  on  their  part  continually  to  ferret  out  hands 
who  will  do  the  work  cheaper  than  others.  The 
effect  that  this  continual  reduction  has  had  upon 
me  is  this  :  Before  the  year  18ii  1  could  live  com- 
fortably, and  keep  my  Avife  and  children  (I  had 
five  in  family)  by  my  own  labotu*.  My  wife  then 
attended  to  her  domestic  and  family  duties  ;  but 
since  that  time,  owing  to  the  reduction  in  prices, 
she  has  been  compelled  to  resort  to  her  needle,  as 
well  as  myself,  for  her  living."  [On  the  table 
Avas  a  bundle  of  crape  and  bombazine  ready  to  be 


lOXDOiV  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


3.15 


;  I  v  up  into  a  dr*gs.]  "  I  cHnnot  afford  now  to 
'.  ■'.  l:er  remain  idle — that  is,  if  I  wish  to  live,  and 
Keep  my  children  out  of  the  streets,  and  pay  my 
way.  My  wife's  earnings  are,  upon  an  average, 
&».  per  week.  She  miikes  dresses.  I  never 
would  teach  her  to  make  waistcoats,  because  1 
knew  the  introduction  of  female  hands  had  been 
the  ruin  of  tny  trade.  With  the  labour  of  myself 
and  wife  now  I  can  only  earn  325.  a  week,  and 
six  years  ago  I  could  make  my  365.  If  I  had  a 
daughter  I  should  be  obliged  to  make  her  work 
as  well,  and  then  probably,  with  the  labour  of 
the  three  of  us,  we  could  make  up  at  the  week's 
end  as  much  money,  as,  up  to  1S44,  I  could  get 
by  my  own  single  liands.  My  wife,  since  she 
took  to  dressmaking,  has  become  sickly  from  over- 
exertion. Her  work,  and  her  domestic  and 
family  duties  altogether,  are  too  much  for  her. 
Last  night  I  was  up  all  night  with  her,  and  was 
compelled  to  call  in  a  female  to  attend  her  as  well. 
The  over-exertion  now  necessary  for  us  to  main- 
tain a  decent  appearance,  has  so  ruined  her  con- 
stitution that  she  is  not  the  same  woman  as  she 
was.  In  fiact,  ill  as  she  is,  she  has  beeti  compelled 
to  rise  from  her  bed  to  finish  a  mourning-dress 
against  time,  and  I  myself  have  been  obliged  to 
give  her  a  helping-hand,  and  turn  to  at  women's 
work  in  the  same  manner  as  the  women  are 
turning  to  at  men's  work." 

"  The  canae  of  the  serious  decrease  in  our 
trad*,"  said  another  tailor  to  me,  "  is  the  employ- 
ment given  to  workmen  at  their  own  homes ;  or, 
in  other  words,  to  the  '  sweaters.'  The  sweater 
b  the  greatest  evil  to  us  ;  as  the  sweating  system 
inereasM  the  number  of  hands  to  an  almost  in- 
citedibie  extent — wives,  tons,  daughters,  and 
1,  all  working  '  long  days  '—that  is, 
from  lixteen  to  eighteen  honrs  per  day, 
Suidayf  M  well.  I  date  the  decrease  in 
the  "mign  of  the  workman  from  the  introduction 
of  piece-work  and  giving  out  garments  to  be 
made  off  the  premises  of  the  master  ;  for  the  effect 
of  this  was,  that  the  workman  making  the  gar- 
ment, knowing  that  the  master  could  not  tell 
whom  he  got  to  do  his  work  for  him,  employed 
women  and  children  to  help  him,  and  paid  them 
little  or  nothing  for  their  labour.  This  was  the 
beginning  of  the  sweating  system.  The  workmen 
gradually  became  transformed  from  journeymen 
into  •  nnddlemen,'  Hying  by  the  labour  of  others. 
Employers  son  began  to  find  that  they  could  get 
gannente  made  at  a  less  sum  than  the  regular 
price,  aad  those  tradMmen  who  were  anxious  to 
ibrea  their    tm*!  l-rselling    their   more 

bMOVabk  neig  ly  availed  themselros 

of  Aii  naana  l:  .__„... ..^  cheap  labour.  The 
eeaw^Miee  w«^  tkat  the  sweater  sought  out 
wbcn  he  Mi^d  get  the  work  done  the  cheapest, 
and  fo  intn4«c«l  a  fresh  stock  of  hands  into  the 
trade.  Female  labour,  of  course,  could  be  had 
cheaper  tkaa  Male,  and  tba  awcatcr  readily 
aratled  hiBMlf  of  tha  Mrricw  vf  woaien  on  that 
aocooDt.  Henoe  tba  mles  wha  %mk  fumwrly 
Wen  sasplojrcd  upoo  tka  garments  were  thrown 
out  of  ««rii  by  tke  feaiales,  and  obliged  to  remain 
vnemplayed,  nnlMt  tiiey  would  redoM  the  prica 


of  their  work  to  that  of  the  women.  It  cannot, 
therefore,  be  said  that  the  reduction  of  prices 
originally  arose  from  there  having  been  more 
workmen  than  there  was  work  for  them  to  do. 
There  was  no  superabundance  of  hands  until 
female  labour  Avas  generally  introduced — and 
even  if  the  workmen  had  increased  25  per  cent, 
more  than  what  they  were  twenty  years  back,  still 
that  extra  number  of  hands  would  be  required  now 
to  make  the  same  number  of  garments,  owing  to 
the  work  put  into  each  article  being  at  least  one- 
fourth  more  than  formerly.  So  far  from  the  trade 
being  over-stocked  with  male  hands,  if  the  work 
were  confined  to  the  men  or  the  masters'  premises, 
there  would  not  be  sufhcient  hands  to  do  the 
whole." 

According  to  the  last  Census  (1841,  G.B.), 
out  of  a  population  of  18,720,000  the  proportions 
of  the  people  occupied  and  unoccupied  were  as 
follows: — 

Occupied        ....       7,800,000 

Unoccupied    (including  women 
and  children)      ,         .         .         .     10,920,000 

Of  those  who  were  occupied  the  following  were 
the  proportions : — 

Engaged  in  productive  employ- 
ments *      5,350,000 

Engaged  in  non-projuctive  em* 
ployments  .         .         .         .       2,450,000 

Of  those  who  were  engaged  in  productive  em- 
ployments, the  proportion  (in  round  numbers) 
ran  as  follows ; — 

Men 3,786,000 

Women 660,000 

Boys  and  girls  .  .         .         905,000 

Here,  then,  we  find  nearly  one-fifth,  or  20  per 
cent.,  of  our  producers  to  be  boys  and  girls,  and 
upwards  of  10  per  cent,  to  be  women.  Such  was 
the  state  of  things  in  1841.  In  order  to  judge  of 
the  possible  and  probable  condition  of  the  labour 
market  of  the  country,  if  this  introduction  of 
women  and  children  into  the  ranks  of  the 
labourers  be  persisted  in,  let  us  see  what  were 
the  proportions  of  the  10,920,000  men,  women, 
and  children  who  ten  years  ago  still  remained 
unoccupied  among  us.  The  ratio  was  as  follows:— 

Men  ....       275,000 

Women     ....    3,570,000 
Boys  sind  girls  .         .         ,    7,075,000 

Here  the  unoccupied  men  are  about  5  per  cent, 
of  the  whole,  the  children  nearly  two-thirds,  and 
the  wives  about  one-third.  Now  it  appears  that 
oiit  of  say  19,000,000  people,  8,000,000  were,  in 
1841,  occupied,  and  by  far  the  greater  number, 
11.000,000,  unoccupied. 

Who  were  the  remaining  eleven  millions,  and 
what  were  they  doing?  They,  of  course,  con- 
sisted principally  of  the  unemployed  wives  and 
children  of  the  eight  millions  of  people  before 
spedtied,  three  millions  and  a  half  of  the  namber 


*  I  have  here  Included  those  cnffajjcd  In  Trade  and 
Corometvc,  and  emptoyent  as  well  ss  t 
aoKMg  the  f>njdmctr$. 


the    employed 


316 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH 


being  females  of  twenty  years  of  age  and  upwards, 
and  seven  millions  being  children  of  both  sexes 
under  twenty.  Of  these  children,  four  millions, 
according  to  the  "  age  abstract,"  were  under  ten 
years,  so  that  we  may  fairly  assume  that,  at  the 
time  of  taking  the  last  census,  there  were  very 
nearly  seven  millions  of  wives  and  children  of  a 
workable  age  still  unoccupied.  Let  us  suppose, 
then,  that  these  seven  millions  of  people  are  brought 
in  competition  with  the  five  million  producers. 
What  is  to  be  the  consequence?  If  the  labour 
market  be  overstocked  at  present  with  only  five 
millions  of  people  working  for  the  support  of 
nineteen  millions  (I  speak  according  to  the  Census 
of  1841),  what  would  it  be  if  another  seven 
millions  were  to  be  dragged  into  it]  And  if 
wages  are  low  now,  and  employment  is  preca- 
rious on  account  of  this,  what  will  not  both  work 
and  pay  sink  to  when  the  number  is  again  in- 
creased, and  the  people  clamouring  for  employment 
are  at  least  treble  what  they  are  at  present]  When 
the  wife  has  been  taught  to  compete  for  work  with 
the  husband,  and  son  and  daughter  to  undersell 
their  own  father,  what  will  be  the  state  of  our 
labour  market  then  ? 

But  the  labour  of  wives,  and  children,  and 
apprentices,  is  not  the  only  means  of  glutting  a 
particular  trade  with  hands.  There  is  another 
system  becoming  every  day  more  popular  with  our 
enterprising  tradesmen,  and  this  is  the  imjtortation 
of  foreign  labourers.  In  the  cheap  tailoring  this 
is  made  a  regular  practice.  Cheap  labour  is  regu- 
larly imported,  not  only  from  Ireland  (the  wives 
of  sweaters  making  visits  to  the  Emerald  Isle  for 
the  express  purpose),  but  small  armies  of  working 
tailors,  ready  to  receive  the  lowest  pittance,  are 
continually  being  shipped  into  this  country.  That 
this  is  no  exaggeration  let  the  following  state- 
ment prove: — 

"  I  am  a  native  of  Pesth,  having  left  Hungary 
about  eight  years  ago.  By  the  custom  of  the 
country  I  was  compelled  to  travel  three  years  in 
foreign  parts,  before  I  could  settle  in  my  native 
place.  I  went  to  Paris,  after  travelling  about  in 
the  different  countries  of  Germany.  I  stayed  in 
Paris  about  two  years.  My  father's  wish  was 
that  I  should  visit  England,  and  I  came  to  London 
in  June,  1847.  I  first  worked  for  a  West  end  show 
shop — not  directly  for  them — but  through  the 
person  who  is  their  middleman  getting  work  done 
at  what  rates  he  could  for  the  firm,  and  obtaining 
the  prices  they  allowed  for  making  the  garments. 
I  once  worked  four  days  and  a  half  for  him, 
finding  my  own  trimmings,  &c.,  for  9^.  For  this 
my  employer  would  receive  12^.  6d.  He  then 
employed  190  hands;  he  has  employed  300. 
Many  of  those  so  employed  set  their  wives, 
children,  and  others  to  work,  some  employing  as 
many  as  five  hands  this  way.  The  middleman 
keeps  his  carriage,  and  will  give  fifty  guineas  for 
a  horse.  I  became  unable  to  work  from  a  pain 
in  my  back,  from  long  sitting  at  my  occupation. 
The  doctor  told  me  not  to  sit  much,  and  so,  as  a 
countryman  of  mine  was  doing  the  same,  I  em- 
ployed hands,  making  the  best  I  could  of  their 


labour.  I  have  now  four  young  women  (all  Irish 
girls)  so  employed.  Last  week  one  of  them  re- 
ceived 4s.,  another  4s.  2d.,  the  other  two  5s.  each. 
They  find  their  board  and  lodging,  but  I  find 
them  a  place  to  work  in,  a  small  room,  the  rent  of 
which  I  share  with  another  tailor,  who  works  on 
his  own  account.  There  are  not  so  many  Jews 
come  over  from  Hungary  or  Germany  as  from 
Poland.  The  law  of  travelling  three  years  brings 
over  many,  but  not  more  than  it  did.  The  revo- 
lutions have  brought  numbers  this  year  and  last. 
They  are  Jew  tailors  flying  from  Russian  and 
Prussian  Poland  to  avoid  the  conscription.  I  never 
knew  any  of  these  Jews  go  back  again.  T/iere 
is  a  constant  communication  among  the  Jews,  and 
when  their  fnends  in  Poland,  and  other  places, 
learn  they  are  safe  in  England,  and  in  work  and 
out  of  trouble,  they  come  over  too.  I  icorked  as  a 
journeyman  in  Pesth,  and  got  2s.  Qd.  a  week,  my 
board  and  washing,  and  lodging,  for  my  labour. 
We  lived  well,  everything  being  so  cheap.  The 
Jews  come  in  the  greatest  number  about  Easter. 
They  try  to  work  their  way  here,  most  of  them. 
Some  save  money  here,  but  they  never  go  back; 
if  they  leave  England  it  is  to  go  to  America." 

The  labour  market  of  a  particular  place,  how- 
ever, comes  to  be  overstocked  with  hands,  not 
only  from  the  introduction  of  an  inordinate  number 
of  apprentices  and  women  and  children  into  the 
trade,  as  well  as  the  importation  of  workmen  from 
abroad,  but  the  same  effect  is  produced  by  Oie 
migration  of  country  labourers  to  towns.  This, 
as  I  have  before  said,  is  specially  the  case  in  the 
printer's  and  carpenter's  trades,  where  the  cheap 
provincial  work  is  executed  chiefly  by  apprentices, 
who,  when  their  time  is  up,  flock  to  the  principal 
towns,  in  the  hopes  of  getting  better  wages  than  can 
be  obtained  in  the  country,  owing  to  the  prevalence 
of  the  apprentice  system  of  work  in  those  parts. 
The  London  carpenters  suffer  greatly  from  what 
are  called  "improvers,"  who  come  up  to  town  to 
get  perfected  in  their  art,  and  work  for  little  or  no 
wages.  The  work  of  some  of  the  large  houses  is  ex- 
ecuted mainly  in  this  way ;  that  of  Mr.  Myers  was, 
for  instance,  against  whom  the  men  lately  struck. 

But  the  unskilled  labour  of  towns  suffers  far 
more  than  the  skilled  from  the  above  cause. 

The  employment  of  imskilled  labourers  in 
towns  is  being  constantly  rendered  more  casual 
by  the  migrations  from  the  country  parts.  The 
peasants,  owing  to  the  insufficiency  of  their 
wages,  and  the  wretchedness  of  their  dwellings 
and  diet,  in  Wilts,  Somerset,  Dorset,  and  else- 
where, leave  their  native  places  without  regret, 
and  swell  the  sum  of  unskilled  labour  in  towns. 
This  is  shown  by  the  increase  of  population  far 
beyond  the  excess  of  births  over  deaths  in  those 
counties  where  there  are  large  manufacturing  or 
commercial  towns ;  whilst  in  purely  agricultural 
counties  the  increase  of  population  does  not  keep 
pace  with  the  excess  of  births.  "  Thus  in  Lan- 
cashire," writes  Mr.  Thornton,  in  his  work  on 
Over-Population,  "  the  increase  of  the  population 
in  the  ten  years  ending  in  1841,  was  330.210, 
and  in  Cheshire,  60,919 ;   whilst  the  excess  of 


ONE    OF    THE    FEW    REMAINING    CLIMBING    SWEEPS. 

[_Fivm  a  l)aguetrevtj/pe  hy  Dkap.u.I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


317 


births  was  only  160,150  in  the  former,  and 
28,000  in  the  latter.  In  particular  towns  the 
contrast  is  still  more  striking.  In  Liverpool  and 
Bristol  the  annual  deaths  actually  exceed  the 
births,  so  that  these  towns  are  only  saved  from 
depopulation  by  their  rural  recruits,  yet  the  first 
increased  the  nnmber  of  its  inhabitants  in  ten 
years  by  more  than  one-third,  and  the  other  by 
more  than  one-sixth.  In  Manchester,  the  annual 
excess  of  births  could  only  have  added  19,390 
to  the  population  between  1831  and  1841 ;  the 
actual  increase  >vas  68,375.  The  number  of  emi- 
grants (immigrants)  into  Birmingham,  during  the 
same  period,  may,  in  the  same  way,  be  estimated 
at  40,000  ;  into  Leeds,  at  8000*;  into  the  me- 
tropolis, at  130,000.  On  the  other  hand,  in 
Dorset,  Somerset,  and  Devon,  the  actual  addition 
to  the  popuhtion,  in  the  same  decennial  period, 
was  only  15,491,  31,802.  and  39,253  respectively; 
althoagh  the  excess  of  births  over  deaths  in  the 
same  counties  was  aboat  20,000,  38>600,  and 
48,700." 

The  unskilled  labour  market  suffers,  again,  from 
the  depression  of  almost  any  branch  of  skilled 
labour;  lor  whatever  branch  of  labour  be  de- 
pressed, and  men  so  be  deprived  of  a  sufficiency 
of  employment,  one  especial  result  ensues — the 
unskilled  labour  market  is  glutted.  The  skilled 
labourer,  a  tailor,  for  instance,  may  be  driven  to 
work  for  the  wretched  pittance  of  an  East  end 


slop- tailor,  but  he  cannot  "turn  his  hand"  to  any 
other  description  of  skilled  labour.  He  cannot 
sa)',  *•  I  will  make  billiard-tables,  or  book-cases, 
or  boots,  or  razors  ;"  so  that  there  is  no  resource 
for  him  but  in  unskilled  labour.  The  Spitalfields 
weavers  have  often  sought  dock  labour  ;  the 
turners  of  the  same  locality,  whose  bobbins  were 
once  in  great  demand  bj'  the  silk-winders,  and 
for  the  fringes  of  upholsterers,  have  done  the 
same  ;  and  in  this  way  the  increase  of  casual 
labour  increases  the  poverty  of  the  poor,  and  so 
tends  directly  to  the  increase  of  pauperism. 

We  have  now  seen  what  a  vast  number  of  sur- 
plus labourers  may  be  produced  by  an  extension 
of  time,  rate,  or  mode  of  working,  as  well  as  by 
the  increase  of  the  hands,  by  other  means  than 
by  (he  increase  of  the  2^iople  themselves.  If,  how- 
ever, we  are  increasing  our  workers  at  a  greater 
rate  than  we  are  increasing  the  means  of  work, 
the  excess  of  workmen  must,  of  course,  remain 
unemployed.     But  are  we  doing  this? 

Let  us  test  the  matter  on  the  surest  data.  In 
the  first  instance  let  us  estimate  the  increase  of 
population,  both  according  to  the  calculations  of 
the  late  Mr.  Rickman  and  the  returns  of  the  seve- 
ral censuses.  The  first  census,  I  may  observe,  was 
taken  in  1801,  and  has  been  regularly  continued 
at  intervals  of  ten  years.  The  table  first  given 
refers  to  the  population  of  England  and  Wales : — 


INCREASE  IN  THE  POPULATION  OF  ENGLAND  AND  WALES. 


•1570 
1600 
1630 
1070 
17uO 
1750 
flSOl 
1811 
1821 
1831 
1841 
_^851 

*  Theei 
here  giwu. 
by  the  Rf(; 


Population, 
England  and  Wales. 


Numerical  Increase. 


4,038,879 

4,811,718 

5,601,517 

5,773,646 

6,045,008 

6,517,035 

8,892,536 

10,164,068 

11,999,322 

13,896,797 

15,914,148 

17,922,768 


772,839 

789,799 

172,129 

271,362 

472,027 

2,375,501 

1,271,532 

1,835,250 

1,897,475 

1,982,489 

1.968,341 


Increase 

Annual 

per 

Increase 

Ceuu 

per  cent. 

C 

f25S 

19 

0-6 

Sir 

16 

0-5 

3 

0-08 

*i  °^"' 

5 
8 

0-2 
0-2 

l3 

37 

0-7 

<b  o 

14 

1-4 

18 

1-8 

16 

1-6 

«  «M 

14 

1-4 

C 

13 

1-3 

§5 


>  >)raUtion  from  IA70  to  17^,  as 
Hickman's  tabks,  as  pul>likhed 


t  The  population  at  the  decennial  term,  as 
is  the  amended  calculation  of  tlic  Registrar - 
given  in  the  new  census  tables. 


here  given, 
General,  as 


INCREASE   IN   THB 

POPULATION   OF   SCOTLAND. 

Yean. 

1 

PopatatkB. 

ScoUand. 

Numerieal 
Jncroase. 

Increase 
per  Cent. 

Annual 

Incrwwe 

per  Cent. 

ii  K 

•17M  t 

1,265^80     . 

^6- 

tieoi  i 

1,608,420 

-    343,040 

27 

0-6 

s.g: 

n 

1811 

1^05,864 

197,444 

12 

1-3 

^s 

1821 

2,091^12 

285,6{»7 

16 

1-6 

S  o  ,-1 

-sis 

1831 

2,364,386 

272.866 

13 

13 

8  _  So  00 

C  -5  r-<  1^ 

itiZ 

1841 

2,620,184 

256,798 

11 

1-1 

s 

< 

1861 

2,870,784 

246,287 

10 

10 

ifaniialMilnrUMckrgy. 


t  The  TMunM  here  cited  are  copied  from  those  given 
by  the  llegiitrar-General  in  the  new  census. 


318 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


INCREASE   IN   THE   POPULATION   ( 

3F   IRELAND. 

Numerical  Increase 

1 

Annual  rate 

Population, 

and  Decrease. 

Increase 

of  Increase 

Ireland. 

t  denotes  Increase. 

and  Decrease 

and  Decrease 

s 

*       „       Decrease. 

per  Cent. 

per  Cent. 

&. 

u 

■^s 

1731* 

2,010,221 

is 

1754" 

2,372,634 

t  362,413  • 

tl9 

^- 

1767 

2,544,276 

+   171,642 

tr 

P  OO 

1777 

2,690,556 

t   146,280 

t  6 

m^ 

1785 

2,845,932 

t   155,376 

t  6 

a  II 

o   o 

1788 

4,040,000 

11,194,068 

t42 

o^'^ti 

1805^= 

5,395,456 

tl,355,456 

t34 

rat 
ears, 
rCei 

1813«i 

5,937,858 

t   542,402 

tio 

ys 

1821* 

6,801,827 

+   863,969 

tl5 

tl-4 

^-^ 

1^  * 

1831 

7,767,401 

t   965,574 

tl4 

tl-3 

3  OO 

is- 

1841 

8,175,124 

t  407,723 

+  5 

+  -5 

EH 

< 

1851 

6,515,794 

*1,659,330 

•20 

*l-8 

•  Returns  obtained  through  an  inquiry  instituted  by 
the  Irish  House  of  Lords. 

b  The  population  from  1754-1788  is  estimated  from  the 
••  hearth  money  "  returns. 


e  Newenham's  Inquiry  into  the  Population  of  Ireland. 
d  Estimate  from  incomplete  census. 
•  First  complete  census. 


INCREASE    IN    THE   POPULATION 

OF    THE    1 

[JNITED    KINGDOM. 

Years. 

Population. 

Numerical 
Increase. 

Decennial 
Increase 
per   Cent. 

Annual 
Increase 
per   Cent. 

Increase      in      30 
years,  from  1821 
to      1851  «  81 
per  Cent. 

Annual  Rate  of  In- 
crease '9  per  Cent. 

1821 
1831 
1841 
1851 

20,892,670 
24,028,584 
26,709,456 
27,309,346 

3,135,914 

2,680,872 
599,890 

15 

11 

2 

1-4 
1-1 
0-2 

Discarding,  then,  all  conjectural  results,  and  ad- 
hering solely  to  the  returns  of  the  censuses,  we 
find  that,  according  to  the  official  numberings  of 
the  people  throughout  the  kingdom,  the  increased 
rate  of  population  is,  in  round  numbers,  10  per 
cent,  every  ten  years;  that  is  to  say,  where  100 
persons  were  living  in  the  United  Kingdom  in 
1821,  there  are  130  living  in  the  present  year 
of  1851.  The  average  increase  in  England  and 
Wales  for  the  last  50  years  may,  however,  be 
said  to  be  1*5  per  cent,  per  annum,  the  population 
having  doubled  itself  during  that  period. 

How,  then,  does  this  rate  of  increase  among  the 
people,  and  consequently  the  labourers  and  artizans 
of  the  country,  correspond  with  the  rate  of  in- 
crease in  the  production  of  commodities,  or,  in 
plain  English,  the  means  of  employment  ]  This 
is  the  main  inquiry. 

The  only  means  of  determining  the  total  amount 
of  commodities  produced,  and  consequently  the 
quantity  of  work  done  in  the  country,  is  from  offi- 
cial returns,  submitted  to  the  Parliament  and  the 
public  as  part  of  the  "  revenue  "  of  the  kingdom. 
These  afford  a  broad  and  accurate  basis  for  the 
necessary  statistics;  and  to  get  rid  of  any  specu- 
lating or  calculating  on  the  subject,  I  will  confine 
my  notice  to  such  commodities ;  giving,  however, 
further  information  bearing  on  the  subject,  but 
still  derived  from  official  sources,  so  that  there 
may  be  no  doubt  on  the  matter.  The  facts  in 
connection  with  this  part  of  the  subject  are  ex- 
hibited in  the  table  given  in  the  next  page. 


The  majority  of  the  articles  there  specified 
supply  the  elements  of  trade  and  manufacture  in 
furnishing  the  materials  of  our  clothing,  in  all  its 
appliances  of  decency,  comfort,  and  luxury.  The 
table  relates,  moreover,  to  our  commerce  with 
other  countries — to  the  ships  which  find  profitable 
employment,  and  give  such  employment  to  our 
people,  in  the  aggregate  commerce  of  the  nation. 
Under  almost  every  head,  it  will  be  seen,  the  in- 
crease in  the  means  of  labour  has  been  more  exten- 
sive than  has  the  increase  in  the  number  of  la- 
bourers; in  some  instances  the  difference  is  wide 
indeed. 

The  annual  rate  of  increase  among  the  popula- 
tion has  been  '9  per  cent.  From  1801  to  1841  the 
population  of  the  kingdom  at  the  outside  cannot  be 
said  to  have  doubled  itself.  Yet  the  productions 
in  cotton  goods  were  not  less  than  ten  times  greater 
in  1851  tlian  in  1801.  The  increase  in  the  use  of 
wool  from  1821  to  1851  was  more  than  sixfold; 
that  of  the  population,  I  may  repeat,  not  twofold.  In 
twenty  years  (1831  to  1851)  the  hides  were  more 
than  doubled  in  amount  as  a  means  of  production ; 
in  ^fifty  years  the  population  has  not  increased  to 
the  same  amount.  Can  any  one,  then,  contend 
that  the  labouring  population  has  extended  itself 
at  a  greater  rate  than  the  means  of  labour,  or 
that  the  vast  mass  of  surplus  labour  throughout 
the  country  is  owing  to  the  working  classes  having 
increased  more  rapidly  than  the  means  of  employ- 
ing them  1 

Thus,  it  is  evident,  that  the  means  of  labour 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


319 


nil 


§ 

a" 

o 
c 
»-^ 

»-< 


^-1 


£  - 


mmmui  s  i:- 


SgS?58Sg?.S    53    S 


illiillii 


??8f^2i5gxR8    8    5 


5  5  5  5  5  i  —  5  o     •*     « 


«|ilf :  :|I 


lllllllll  I  g 

iiiyiiis  §  s 


;:5  .s§  .  .  -Sir 


iiiii    11  i  I 


i  .1  .  .  M 


i§  .1 . .  .1 


h 


1.1 
h 


-I 

s.s 

it  ^ 

•ii. 

II 

.  E 


have  increased  at  a  more  rapid  pace  than  the 
labouring  population.  But  the  increase  in  "  pro- 
perty" of  the  country,  in  that  which  is  sometimes 
called  the  "staple"  property,  being  the  assured 
possessions  of  the  class  of  proprietors  or  capitiilists, 
as  well  as  in  the  profits,  prove  i  that,  if  the 
labourers  of  the  country  have  been  hungering  for 
want  of  employment,  at  least  the  wealth  of  the 
nation  has  kept  pace  with  the  increase  of  the  people, 
while  the  profits  of  trade  have  exceeded  it. 

Amount  of  the  Property  and  Income  op 
Great  IBritain. 


Year. 
1815 
1842 
1844 
Increase   . 

Annual  rate  of 
crease       .     . 


Property  assessed 
to  Property-tax. 
£60,000,000 
95,250,000 


58  per  cent. 


'  ^   1 7  per  cent. 


Annual  Profits 
of  Trade. 

£37,000,000 

60,000,000 

62  per  cent. 
1-7  per  cent. 


Here,  then,  we  find,  that  the  property  assessed 
to  the  property  tax  has  increased  35,250,000^  in 
27  years,  from  1815  to  1842,  or  upwards  of 
1,000,000^.  sterling  a  year;  this  is  at  the  rate  of 
1"7  per  cent,  every  year,  whereas  the  population 
of  GreatBritain  has  increased  atthe  rate  of  only  1*4 
per  cent,  per  nnnunU  But  the  amount  of  assess- 
ment under  the  property  tax,  it  should  be  borne 
in  mind,  does  not  represent  the  full  value  of  the 
possessions,  so  that  among  this  class  of  ^jroprietors 
there  is  far  greater  wealth  than  the  returns  show. 

As  regards  the  annual  profits  of  trade,  the  in- 
crease between  the  years  1815  and  1844  has  been 
23^000,000/.  in  29  years.  This  is  at  the  rate  of 
1*7  per  cent,  per  annum,  and  the  annual  increase 
in  the  population  of  Great  Britain  is  only  1-4  per 
cent.  But  the  amount  of  the  profits  of  trade  is 
unquestionably  greater  than  appears  in  the  finan- 
cial tables  of  the  revenue  of  the  country;  conse- 
quently there  is  a  greater  increase  of  wealth  over 
population  than  the  figures  indicate. 

The  above  returns  show  the  following  results  : — 

Increase 
per  Cent, 
per  Ann. 
Population  of  the  United  Kingdom    .  '9 

Productions  from      .         .         .         .  21  to  5 
Exports  ......  14 

Imports 6 

Shipping  entering  Ports    ...  9 

Property 1-7 

Profits  of  trade        ....  17 

Far,  very  far  indeed  then,  beyond  the  increase 
of  the  population,  has  been  the  increase^,  of  the 
wealth  and  work  of  the  country. 

And  now,  after  this  imposing  array  of  wealth, 
let  us  contemplate  the  reverse  of  the  picture  :  let 
us  inquire  if,  while  we  have  been  increasing  in 
riches  and  productions  far  more  rapidly  than  we 
have  been  increasing  in  people  and  producers — let 
us  inquire,  I  say,  if  we  have  been  numerically  in- 
creasing also  in  the  sad  long  lists  of  paupers  and 
criminals.  Has  our  progress  in  poverty  and  crime 
been  " pari  j)assu,"  or  been  more  than  commen- 
surate ill  the  rapidity  of  its  strides  ] 


320 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


TABLE  SHOWING  THE  NUMBER  OF  PAUPERS  IN  ENGLAND  AND  WALES." 


Number  of  Paupers 

Numerical  Increase  and  Decrease. 

Annual   Increase 

*i 

Years. 

relieved,  Quarters  ending 

t  denotes  Increase. 

and  Decrease 

S 

Lady-day. 

*       ,,      Decrease. 

per  Cent. 

s    « 

1840 

1,199,529 

^^l 

,1841 

1,299,048 

t  99,519 

t'8 

=  II  ^ 

1842 

1,427,187 

1128,139 

flO 

^^  1 

1843 

1,539,490 

tll2,303 

t  8 

Ol                   IH 

1844 

1,477,561 

1938,071 

+60 

S"-J 

1845 

1,470,970 

*     6,591 

*  0-4 

i-^ 

1846w 

1,332,089 

•  38,881 

*  3 

gsi 

1847 

1,721,350 

1389,261 

+29 

S                   Q 

1848 

1,876,541 

tl55,191 

+  9 

< 

Here,  then,  we  have  an  increase  of  56  per  cent, 
in  less  than  ten  years,  though  the  increase  of  the 
population  of  England  and  Wales,  in  the  same 
time,  was  but  13  per  cent.;  and  let  it  be  remem- 
bered that  the  increase  of  upwards  of  650,000  pau- 
pers, in  nine  years,  has  accrued  since  the  New  Poor 
Law  has  been  in  what  may  be  considered  full 
woriiing ;  a  law  which  many  were  confident  would 


result  in  a  diminution  of  pauperism,  and  which  cer" 
tainly  cannot  be  charged  with  offering  the  least 
encouragement  to  it.  Still  in  nine  years,  our  poverty 
increases  while  our  wealth  increases,  and  our  pau- 
pers grow  nearly  four  times  as  quick  as  our  people, 
while  the  profits  on  trade  nearly  double  themselves 
in  little  more  than  a  quarter  of  a  century. 

We  now  come  to  the  records  of  criminality  : — 


TABLE   SHOWING   THE    INCREASE    IN    THE   NUMBER   OF    CRIMINALS    IN 
ENGLAND  AND  WALES  FROM  1805-1850. 


1805 
1811 
1821 
1831 
1841 
1850 


Annual 
Average  Num- 
ber of  Criminals 
Committed. 


Numerical 
Increase. 


4,605 

5.375 

9,783 

15,318 

22,305 

27^14 


770 
4408 
5535 
6987 
5509 


Decennial 
Increase 
per  Cent. 


17 
82 
57 
46 
25 


Annual 

Increase 

per   Cent. 


2-8 
8-2 
•5-7 
4-6' 
3-6 


Increase 
per   Cent. 

in  the 
43  years. 


504 


Annual  Ave- 
rage Increase 
per  Cent., 
11-7. 


Fran  these  results — and  such  figures  are  facts, 
and  therefore  stubborn  things — the  people  cannot 
be  said  to  have  increased  beyond  the  wealth  or 
the  means  of  employing  them,  for  it  is  evident 
that  ive  increase  in  jyoxerty  and  crime  as  vje  in- 
crease  in  wealth,  and  in  loth  far  beyond  our 

»  The  official  returns  as  to  the  number  of  paupers  are 
most  incomplete  and  unsatisfactory.  In  the  10th  annual 
Report  of  the  Poor  Law  Commissioners,  p.  48<J  (1844), 
a  table  is  printed  which  is  said  to  give  the  returns  from 
the  earliest  period  for  which  aurtientic  Parliamentary 
documents  have  been  received,  and  this  sets  forth  the 
number  of  paupers  in  England  and  Wales,  for  the  entire 
tweh-e  months  in  the  years  UW3, 1813, 1814,  and  1815;  then 
comes  a  long  interval  of  "  no  returns,"  and  after  1839  we 
have  the  numbers  for  onlv  tfn-ee  months  in  each  year, 
from  1840  up  to  1843;  in  the  first  annual  Report  (1848) 
these  returns  for  one  quarter  in  each  year  are  continued 
up  to  1848;  and  then  we  get  the  returns  for  only  two 
days  in  each  year,  the  1st  of  July  and  the  1st  of  January, 
so  that  to  come  to  any  conclusion  amid  so  much  incon- 
sistency is  utterly  impossible.  The  numbers  above  given 
would  have  been  continued  to  the  present  period,  could 
any  comparison  have  been  instituted.  The  numbers  for 
the  periods  (not  above  given)  are— 


1803 
1813 
1814 
1815 

1849  (Ist  Jan.] 
„    (IstJuly) 

1850  (1st  Jan.) 
,,    (IstJuly) 

1851  (IstJan.) 


1,040,716  ^ 
1,426,0<)5  I 
1,402^7«  [ 
1,319,851  ' 
940,851  \ 
84<>,988 

79fi,318 
829,440 j 


Number  of  paupers  for  the 
entire  twelvemonths. 


Number  of  paupers  for  two 
separate  days  in  each  year. 


increase  in  nuinbeis.  The  above  are  the  bare  facts 
of  the  country — it  is  for  the  reader  to  explain 
them  as  he  pleases. 

As  yet  we  have  dealt  with  those  causes  of 
casual  labour  only  which  may  induce  a  surplusage 
of  labourers  without  any  decrease  taldng  i[)lace  in 
the  quantity  of  work.  We  have  seen,  first,  how 
the  number  of  the  unemployed  may  be  increased 
either  by  altering  the  hours,  rate,  or  mode  of 
working,  or  else  by  changing  the  term  of  hiring, 
and  this  while  the  number  of  labourers  remains 
the  same  ;  and,  secondly,  we  have  seen  how  the 
same  results  may  ensue  from  increasing  the  num- 
ber of  labourers,  while  the  conditions  of  working 
and  hiring  are  unaltered.  Under  both  these 
circumstances,  however,  the  actual  quantity  of 
work  to  be  done  in  the  country  has  been  supposed 
to  undergo  no  change  whatever ;  and  at  present 
we  have  to  point  out  not  only  how  the  amount  of 
surplus,  and,  consequently,  of  casual  labour,  in 
the  kingdom,  may  be  increased  by  a  decrease  of 
the  work,  but  also  how  the  work  itself  may  be 
made  to  decrease.  To  know  the  causes  of  the 
one  we  must  ascertain  the  antecedents  of  the 
other.  What,  then,  are  the  circumstances  in- 
ducing a  decrease  iu  the  quantity  of  work  ]  and, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


321 


consequentlr,  what  the  circumstances  inducing  an 
increase  in  the  amount  of  surplus  and  coBual 
labour  \ 

In  the  iirst  place  M-e  may  induce  a  large 
amount  of  casual  labour  /«,  imrlicidaf^  dUtricts, 
not  by  decreasing  the  gross  quantity  of  work  re- 
quired by  the  country,  but  by  merely  shifting 
the  work  into  new  quarters,  ^nd  so  decreasing 
the  quantity  in  the  ordinary  localities.  "  The 
west  of  England,"  says  Mr.  Dodd,  in  his  ac- 
count of  the  textile  manufactures  of  Great  Britain, 
"  was  formerly,  and  continued  to  be  till  a 
conparatively  recent  period,  the  most  important 
clothing  district  in  England.  The  changes 
which  the  woollen  manufacture,  as  respects  both 
localization  and  mode  of  management,  has  been 
and  is  now  undergoing,  are  very  remarkable. 
Some  years  ago  the  '  west  of  England  cloths' 
were  the  test  of  excellence  in  this  manufac- 
ture; while  the  productions  of  Yorkshire  were 
deemed  of  a  coarser  and  cheaper  character.  At 
present,  although  the  western  counties  have  not 
deteriorated  in  their  product,  the  West  Riding  of 
Yorkshire  has  made  giant  strides,  by  which  equal 
skill  in  every  department  has  been  attained ; 
while  the  commercial  advantages  resulting  from 
coal-mines,  from  water-power,  from  canals  and 
railroads,  and  from  vicinage  to  the  eastern  port  of 
Hull  and  the  western  port  of  Liverpool,  give  to 
the  West  Riding  a  power  which  Gloucestershire 
and  Somersetshire  cannot  equal.  The  stcam- 
eogine,  too,  and  various  machines  for  facilitating 
some  of  the  manufacturing  processes,  have  been 
more  readily  introduced  into  the  former  than  into 
the  latter ;  a  circumstance  which,  even  without 
reference  to  other  points  of  comparison,  is  suffi- 
cient to  account  for  much  of  the  recent  advance  in 
the  north." 

Of  lat«  years  the  products  of  many  of  the  west 
of  Eogiand  clothing  districts  have  considerably 
declined.  Shepton  Mallet,  Fronje  and  Trowbridge, 
for  instance,  which  were  at  one  time  the  seats  of  a 
flourishiitg  manufacture  for  cloth,  have  now  but 
little  employment  for  the  workmen  in  those  parts; 
and  so  with  other  towns.  "  At  several  places  in 
Wiltshire,  Somersetshire,  and  Gloucestershire, 
and  others  of  the  western  counties,"  says  Mr. 
Thomtou,  "  most  of  the  cottagers,  fifty  years  ago, 
were  weavers,  whose  chief  dependence  was  their 
loosas,  though  they  worked  in  the  field  at  harvest 
time  and  other  busy  seasons.  By  so  doing  they 
kept  down  the  wages  of  agricultural  labourers, 
who  had  no  other  employment ;  and  now  that 
tJiey  hare  themselves  become  dependent  upon 
agriealtore,  in  cosMqueace  of  the  removal  of  the 
wooUen  maoufacturt  from  the  cottage  to  the 
tuAaxj"  {m  well  as  to  the  north  of  England], 
"tk«M  redaeed  wa^M  have  become  their  own 
portian  also;"  or,  in  other  words,  since  the 
shifting  of  the  wooUen  manufacture  in  these 
parts,  the  qiuntity  of  casual  kbour  io  the 
cultivation  of  the  land  has  been  augmented. 

The  same  effect  takes  place,  of  course,  if  the 
work  be  shifted  to  the  Continent,  instead  of 
merely  to  another  part  of  our  own  country.  This 
has  been  the  maia  cause  of  the  misery  of  the  | 


straw-plaiters  of  Buckinghamshire  and  Bedford- 
shire. "  During  the  last  war,"  says  the  author 
before  quoted,  "  there  were  examples  of  women 
(the  wives  and  children  of  labouring  men)  earning 
as  much  as  22*-.  a  week.  The  profits  of  this 
employment  have  been  so  much  reduced  by  the 
competition  of  Leghorn  hats  and  bonnets,  that  a 
straw-plaiter  cannot  earn  much  more  than  2*.  Qd. 
in  the  week." 

But  the  work  of  particular  localities  may  not 
only  decrease,  and  the  casual  labour,  in  those 
parts,  increase  in  the  same  proportion,  by  shifting 
it  to  other  localities  (either  at  home  or  abroad), 
even  while  the  gross  quantity  of  work  required 
by  the  nation  remains  the  same,  but  the  quantity 
of  work  may  be  less  than  ordinary  at  a  particular 
tinie,  even  while  the  same  gross  quantity  annually 
required  undergoes  no  change.  This  is  the  case 
in  those  periodical  gluts  which  arise  from  over- 
production, in  the  cotton  and  other  trades.  The 
manufacturers,  in  such  cases,  have  been  increasing 
the  supplies  at  a  too  rapid  rate  in  proportion  to 
I  the  demand  of  the  markets,  so  that,  though  there 
be  no  decrease  in  the  requirements  of  the  countr}--, 
there  ultimately  accrues  such  a  surplus  of  commo- 
dities beyond  the  wants  and  means  of  the  people, 
that  the  manufacturers  are  compelled  to  stop  pro- 
ducing until  such  time  as  the  regular  demand 
carries  oif  the  extra  supply.  And  during  all  this 
time  either  the  labourers  have  to  work  half-time 
at  half-pay,  or  else  they  are  thrown  out  of  employ- 
ment altogether. 

Thus  far  we  have  proceeded  in  the  assumption 
that  the  actual  quantity  of  work  required  by  the 
nation  does  not  decrease  in  ilie  aggregate,  hid  only 
in  i^axiicvdar  i^laces  or  at  jxirticidar  times,  owing 
to  a  greater  quantity  than  usual  being  done  in 
other  places  or  at  other  times  •.  We  have  still  to 
consider  what  are  the  circumstances  which  tend  to 
diminish  the  gross  quantity  of  u-ork  re'/uired  by 
the  country.  To  understand  these  we  must  know 
the  conditions  on  which  all  work  depends ;  these 
are  simply  the  conditions  of  demand  and  supply, 
and  hence  to  know  what  it  is  that  regulates  the 
demand  for  commodities,  and  what  it  is  that  regu- 
lates the  supply  of  them,  is  also  to  know  what  it  ia 
that  regulates  the  quantity  of  work  required  by 
the  nation. 

Let  me  begin  with  the  decrease  of  work  arising 
from  a  decrease  of  the  demand  for  certain  com- 
modities. This  decrease  of  demand  may  proceed 
from  one  of  three  causes : — 

1.  An  increase  of  cost. 

2.  A  change  of  taste  or  fashion. 
8.  A  change  of  circumstances. 

The  increase  of  cost  may  be  brought  about 
either  by  an  increase  in  the  expense  of  production 
or  by  a  tax  laid  upon  the  article,  as  in  the  case 
of  hair-powder,  before  quoted.  Of  the  change 
oj  tasU  orfotshion,  as  n  means  of  decreasing  the 

•  It  might  at  first  appear  that,  when  the  work  is 
shifted  to  the  Continent,  tlierc  would  be  a  proportiojiate 
decr«>aH«  of  the  ngTCf^Alc  quantity  at  home,  but  u  little 
reflection  will  teach  us  that  the  foreigners  must  take 
something  from  us  In  nxrhinif-  for  their  work,  and  so 
increase  the  (piantity  of  our  work  in  certain  respects  as 
much  as  they  deprc«»  it  in  otlurt. 


322 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


demand  for  a  certain  article  of  manufacture, 
and,  consequently,  of  a  particular  form  of  labour, 
many  instances  have  already  been  given ;  to  these 
the  following  may  be  added  : — "  In  Dorsetshire," 
says  Mr.  Thornton,  "the  making  of  wire  shirt- 
buttons  (now  in  a  great  measure  superseded  by 
the  use  of  raother-o'-pearl)  once  employed  great 
numbers  of  women  and  children."  So  it  has  been 
with  the  manufacture  of  metal  coat-buttons;  the 
change  to  silk  has  impoverished  hundreds. 

The  decrease  of  work  arising  from  a  change  of 
circunutances  may  be  seen  in  the  fluctuations  of 
the  iron  trade;  in  the  railway  excitement  the 
demand  for  labour  in  the  iron  districts  was  at 
least  tenfold  as  great  as  it  is  at  present,  and  so 
again  with  the  demand  for  arms  during  war  time ; 
at  such  periods  the  quantity  of  work  in  that  par- 
ticular line  at  Birmingham  is  necessarily  increased, 
while  the  contrary  effects,  of  course,  ensue  imme- 
diately the  requirements  cease,  and  a  large  mass 
of  surplus  and  casual  hands  is  the  result.  It  is 
the  same  with  the  soldiers  themselves,  as  with  the 
gun  and  sword  makers;  on  the  disbanding  of 
certain  portions  of  the  army  at  the  conclusion  of  a 
war,  a  vast  amount  of  surplus  labourers  are 
poured  into  the  country  to  compete  with  those 
already  in  work,  and  either  to  drag  down  their 
weekly  earnings,  or  else,  by  obtaining  casual 
employment  in  their  stead,  to  reduce  the  gross 
quantity  of  work  accruing  to  each,  and  so  to 
render  their  incomes  not  only  less  in  amount  but 
less  constant  and  regular.  Within  the  last  few 
weeks  no  less  than  1000  policemen  employed 
during  the  Exhibition  have  been  discharged,  of 
course  with  a  like  result  to  the  labour  market. 

The  circumstances  tending  to  diminish  the  sup- 
ply  of  certain  commodities,  are — 

1,  Want  of  capital. 

2,  Want  of  materials. 

3.  Want  of  labourers. 

4.  Want  of  opportunity^ 

The  decrease  of  the  quantity  of  capital  in  a  trade 
may  be  brought  about  by  several  means  :  it  may 
be  produced  by  a  want  of  security  felt  among  the 
moneyed  classes,  as  at  the  time  of  revolutions, 
political  agitations,  commercial  depressions,  or 
panics ;  or  it  may  be  produced  by  a  deficiency  of 
enterprise  after  the  bursting  of  certain  commercial 
**  bubbles,"  or  the  decline  of  particular  manias  for 
speculation,  as  on  the  cessation  of  the  railway  ex- 
citement; so,  again,  it  may  be  brought  about  by 
a  failure  of  the  ordinary  produce  of  the  year,  as 
with  bad  harvests. 

The  decrease  of  the  quantity  of  materials,  as 
tending  to  diminish  the  supply  of  certain  commo- 
dities, may  be  seen  in  the  failure  of  the  cotton 
crops,  which,  of  course,  deprive  the  cotton  manu- 
facturers of  their  ordinary  quantity  of  work. 
The  same  diminution  in  the  ordinary  supply  of 
particular  articles  ensues  when  the  men  engaged 
in  the  production  of  them  "strike"  either  for  an 
advance  of  wages,  or  more  generally  to  resist  the 
attempt  of  some  cutting  employer  to  reduce  their 
ordinary  earnings  ;  and  lastly,  a  like  decrease  of 
work  necessarily  ensues  when  the  opjiorlunity  of  i 


working  is  changed.  Some  kinds  of  work,  as" we 
have  already  seen,  depend  on  the  weather — on 
either  the  wind,  rain,  or  temperature ;  while  other 
kinds  can  only  be  pursued  at  certain  seasons  of  the 
year,  as  brick-making,  building,  and  the  like ; 
hence,  on  the  cessation  of  the  opportunities  for 
working  in  these  trades,  there  is  necessarily  a  great 
decrease  in  the  quajitity  of  work,  and  consequently 
a  large  increase  in  the  amount  of  surplus  and 
therefore  casual  labour. 

We  have  now,  I  believe,  exhausted  the  several 
causes  of  that  vast  national  evil — casual  labour. 
We  have  seen  that  it  depends. 

First,  upon  certain  times  and  seasons,  fashions 
and  accidents,  which   tend  to  cause  a  pe- 
riodical briskness  or  slackness  in  different 
employments ; 
And  secondly,  upon  the  number  of  surplus 
labourers  in  the  country. 
The  circumstances  inducing  surplus  labour  we 
have  likewise  ascertained  to  be  three. 

1.  An  alteration  in  the  hours,  rate,  or  mode 
of  working,  as  well  as  in  the  mode  of 
hiring. 

2.  An  increase  of  the  hands. 

3.  A  decrease  of  the  work,  either  in  particu- 
lar places,  at  particular  times,  or  in  the  ag- 
gregate, owing  to  a  decrease  either  in  the 
demand  or  means  of  supply. 

Any  one  of  these  causes,  it  has  been  demon- 
strated, must  necessarily  tend  to  induce  an  over 
supply  of  labourers  and  consequently  a  casualty  of 
labour,  for  it  has  been  pointed  out  that  an  over 
supply  of  labourers  does  not  depend  solely  on  an 
increase  of  the  workers  beyond  the  means  of  work- 
ing, but  that  a  decrease  of  the  ordinary  quantity 
of  work,  or  a  general  increase  of  the  hours  or  rate 
of  working,  or  an  extension  of  the  system  of  pro- 
duction, or  even  a  diminution  of  the  term  of  hiring, 
will  also  be  attended  with  the  'same  result — facts 
which  should  be  borne  steadily  in  mind  by  all 
those  who  would  understand  the  difficulties  of  the 
times,  and  which ^  the  "economists"  invariably 
ignore. 

On  a  careful  revision  of  the  whole  of  the  cir- 
cumstances before  detailed,  I  am  led  to  believe 
that  there  is  considerable  truth  in  the  statement 
lately  put  forward  by  the  working  classes,  that  only 
one-third  of  the  operatives  of  this  country  are  fully 
employed,  while  another  third  are  partially  em- 
ployed, and  the  remaining  third  wholly  unem- 
ployed; that  is  to  say,  estimating  the  working 
classes  as  being  between  four  and  five  millions  in 
number,  I  think  we  may  safely  assert — considering 
how  many  depend  for  their  employment  on  parti- 
cular times,  seasons,  fashions,  and  accidents,  and 
the  vast  quantity  of  over- work  and  scamp- work  in 
nearly  all  the  cheap  trades  of  the  present  day,  the 
number  of  women  and  children  who  are  being  con- 
tinually drafted  into  the  different  handicrafts  with 
the  view  of  reducing  the  earnings  of  the  men,  the 
displacement  of  human  labour  in  some  cases  by 
machinery,  and  the  tendency  to  increase  the  divi- 
sion of  labour,  and  to  extend  the  large  system 
of  production  beyond  the    requirements   of  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


323 


narkeU,  as  well  as  the  temporary  mode  of  hiring  1  is  an  advantage  in  fine  weather  in  the  masonry- 
becoming  se<;  and  ftForts  are  generally  made  to 
complete  at  least  the  carcase  of  a  house  before  the 
end  of  October,  at  the  latest. 

I  am  informed  that  the  difference  in  the  em- 
ployment of  labourers  about  buildings  is  30  per 
cent. — one  builder  estimated  it  at  50  per  cent. — 
less  in  winter  than  in  summer,  from  the  circum- 
stance of  fewer  buildings  beirtg  then  in  the  course 
of  erection.  -  It  may  be  thought  that,  as  rubbish- 
carters  are  employed  frequently  on  the  foundation 
of  buildings,  their  business  would  not  be  greatly 
affected  by  the  season  or  the  weather.  But  the 
work  is  often  more  difficult  in  wet  weather,  the 
ground  being  heavier,  so  that  a  smaller  extent  of 
work  only  can  be  accomplished,  compared  to 
what  can  be  done  in  fine  weather ;  and  an  em- 
ployer may  decline  to  pay  six  days'  wages  for 
work  in  winter,  which  he  might  get  done  in  five 
days  in  summer.  If  the  men  work  by  the  piece 
or  the  load  the  result  is  the  same ;  the  rubbish- 
carter's  employer  has  a  smaller  return,  for  there  is 
less  work  to  be  charged  to  the  customer,  while  the 
j  cost  in  keeping  the  horses  is  the  same. 
i  Thus  it  appears  that  under  the  most  favourable 
i  circumstances  about  one-fourth  of  the  rubbish- 
carters,  even  in  the  honourable  trade,  may  be 
exposed  to  the  evils  of  non-employment  merely 
from  the  state  of  the  weather  influencing,  more  or 
less,  the  custom  of  the  trade,  and  this  even  during 
the  six  months'  employment  out  of  the  year;  after 
which  the  men  must  find  some  other  means  of 
earning  a  livelihood. 

There  are,  in  round  numbers,  850  operative 
rubbish-carters  employed  in  the  brisk  season 
throughout  the  metropolis ;  hence  212  men,  at 
this  calculation,  would  be  regularly  deprived  of 
work  ever}'  year  for  six  months  out  of  the  twelve. 
It  will  be  seen,  however,  on  reference  to  the  Uible 
here  given,  that  the  average  number  of  weeks 
each  of  the  rubbish-carters  is  employed  through- 
out the  twelve  months  is  far  below  26  ;  indeed 
many  have  but  three  and  four  weeks  work  out  of 
the  52. 

By  an  analysis  of  the  returns  I  have  collected 
on  this  subject  I  find  the  following  to  have  been 
the  actual  term  of  employment  for  the  several 
rubbish-carters  in  the  course  of  last  year  ; — 


— all  these  things  being  considered,  I  say  I  believe 
we  may  safely  conclude  that,  out  of  the  four 
million  five  hundred  thousand  people  who  have 
to  depend  on  their  industry  for  the  livelihood  of 
themselves  and  families,  there  is  (owing  to  the  ex- 
traordinary means  of  economizing  labour  which 
hare  been  developed  of  late  years,  and  the  dis- 
covery as  to  how  to  do  the  work  of  the  nation 
with  fewer  people)  barely  sufficient  work  for  the 
reffitJar  employment  of  half  of  our  labourers,  so 
that  only  1,500,000  are  fully  and  constantly  em- 
ployed, while  1,500,000  mo?e  are  employed  only 
half  their  time,  and  the  remaining  1,500,000 
wholly  unemployed,  obtaining  a  day's  work  occa- 
sionallij  by  the  displacement  of  some  of  the  others. 
Adopt  what  explanation  we  will  of  this  ap- 
palling deficiency  of  employment,  one  thing  at 
least  is  certain :  we  cannot  consistentbj  icith  the 
facts  of  the  country,  ascribe  it  to  an  increase  of 
the  population  beyond  the  means  of  labour ;  for 
we  have  seen  that,  while  the  people  have  in- 
creased during  the  last  fifty  years  at  the  rate 
of  "9  per  cent,  per  annum,  the  wealth  and  pro- 
ductions of  the  kingdom  have  far  exceeded  that 
amount. 

Of  the  Casual  Labourers  AMOKa  the 
Kcbbish-Carters. 
The  casual  labour  of  so  large  a  body  of  men  as 
the  rubbish-carters  is  a  question  of  high  impor- 
tance, for  it  affects  the  whole  unskilled  labour 
market.  And  this  is  one  of  the  circumstances 
distinguishing  unskilled  from  skilled  labour. 
Unemployed  cabinet-makers,  for  instance,  do  not 
apply  for  work  to  a  tailor ;  so  that,  with  skilled 
labourers,  only  one  trade  is  affected  in  the  slack 
season  by  the  scarcity  of  employment  among 
its  operatives.  With  unskilled  labourers  it  is 
otherwise.  If  in  the  course  of  next  week  100  rub- 
bish-carters were  from  any  cause  to  be  thrown  out 
of  employment,  and  found  an  impossibility  to 
obtain  work  at  rubbish-carting,  there  would  be 
100  fresh  applicants  for  employment  among  the 
bricklayer's-labourers,  scavagers,  [nightmen,  sewer- 
men,  dock-workers,  lumpers,  &c.  Many  of  the  100 
thus  unemployed  would,  of  course,  be  willing  to 
work  at  reduced  wages  merely  that  they  might 
subsist;  and  thus  the  hands  employed  by  the 
regular  and  "  honourable"  part  of  those  trades 
are  exposed  to  the  risk  of  being  underworked,  as 
regards  wages,  from  the  surplusage  of  labour  in 
other  unskilled  occupations. 

The  employment  of  the  rubbish-carters  depends, 
in  the  first  instance,  upon  the  season.  The 
serviccf  of  the  men  are  called  into  requisition 
when  houses  are  being  built  or  removed.  In 
the  one  case,  the  rubbish-carters  cart  away  the 
refuse  earth ;  in  the  other  they  remove  the  old 
materials.  The  brUl  season  for  the  builders,  and 
consequently  for  the  rubbish-carters,  is,  as  I  heard 
•everal  of  them  express  it,  "  when  days  are  long." 
Prom  about  the  middle  of  April  to  the  middle  of 
October  is  the  f/risk  season  of  the  rubbish-carters, 
for  during  those  six  months  more  buildings  are 
erected  than  in  the  winter  half  of  the  year.  There 


Employment  in  the 

Men. 

Year. 

9  had 

39  weeks,  or 

9 

214   „ 

26 

,, 

6 

4   „ 

20 

jj 

5 

10   „ 

18 

jj 

28   „ 

16 

,, 

4 

8   „ 

14 

^^ 

353  „ 

13 

3 

4   „ 

12 

» 

34   „ 

10 

29   „ 

9 

,, 

38   „ 

8 

j^ 

o 

38   „ 

6 

27   „ 

5 

45  „ 

4 

1 

15  „ 

3 

„ 

months. 


85G 


324 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Hence  about  one-fourth  of  the  trade  appear  to 
have  been  employed  for  six  months,  while  up- 
wards of  one-half  had  work  for  only  three 
months  or  less  throughout  the  year — many  being 
at  work  only  three  days  in  the  week  during  that 
time. 

The  rubbish-carter  is  exposed  to  another  ca- 
sualty over  which  he  can  no  more  exercise  con- 
trol than  he  can  over  the  weather;  I  mean  to 
what  is  generally  called  speculation.,  or  a  rage  for 
building.  This  is  evoked  by  the  state  of  the 
money  market,  and  other  causes  upon  which  I 
need  not  dilate ;  but  the  effect  of  it  upon  the 
labourers  I  am  describing  is  this:  capitalists  may 
in  one  year  embark  sufficient  means  in  building 
speculations  to  erect,  say  500  new  houses,  in  any 
particular  district.  In  the  following  year  they 
may  not  erect  more  than  200  (if  any),  and  thus, 
as  there  is  the  same  extent  of  unskilled  labour  in 
the  market,  the  number  of  hands  required  is,  if 
the  trade  be  generally  less  speculative,  less  in  one 
year  than  in  its  predecessor  by  the  number  of  rub- 
bish-carters required  to  work  at  the  foundations 
of  300  houses.  Such  a  cause  maybe  exceptional; 
but  during  the  last  ten  years  the  inhabited  houses 
in  the  five  districts  of  the  Registrar-General  have 
increased  to  the  extent  of  45,000,  or  from  262,737 
in  1841,  to  307,722  in  1851.  It  appears,  then, 
that  the  annual  increase  of  our  metropolitan 
houses,  concluding  that  they  increase  in  a  re- 
gular yearly  ratio,  is  4500.  Last  year,  however, 
as  I  am  informed  by  an  experienced  builder,  there 
were  rather  fewer  buildings  erected  (he  spoke  only 
from  his  own  observations  and  personal  knowledge 
of  the  business)  than  the  yearly  average  of  the  de- 
cennial term. 

The  casual  and  constant  wages  of  the  rubbish- 
carters  may  be  thus  detailed.  The  whole  system 
of  the  labour,  I  may  again  state,  must  be  regarded 
as  casxial,  Or — as  the  word  imports  in  its  derivation 
from  the  Latin  casus,  a  chance — the  labour  of  men 
who  are  occasionally  employed.  Some  of  the 
most  respectable  and  industrious  rubbish-carters 
with  whom  I  met,  told  me  they  generally  might 
make  up  their  minds,  though  they  might  have 
excellent  masters,  to  be  six  months  of  the  year 
unemployed  at  rubbish-carting ;  ^this,  too,  is  less 
than  the  average  of  this  chance  employment. 

Calculating,  then,  the  rubbish-carter's  receipt 
of  nominal  wages  at  18s.,  and  his  actual  wages  at 
205.  in  the  honourable  trade,  I  find  the  following 
amount  to  be  paid. 

By  nominal  wages,  I  have  before  explained,  I 
mean  what  a  man  is  said  to  receive,  or  has  been 
'promised  that  he  shall  be  paid  weekly.  Actual 
wages,  on  the  other  hand,  are  what  a  man  posi- 
tively receives,  there  being  sometimes  additions 
in  the  form  of  perquisites  or  allowances ;  some- 
times deductions  in  the  way  of  fines  and  stop- 
pages ;  the  additions  in  the  rubbish-carting  trade 
appear  to  average  about  2s.  a  week.  But  these 
actual  wages  are  received  only  so  long  as  the  men 
are  employed,  that  is  to  say,  they  are  the  carnal 
rather  than  the  constant  earnings  of  the  men 
working  at  a  trade,  which  is  essentially  of  an 
occasional  or   temporary  character;    the   average 


employment  at  rubbish-carting  being  only  three 
months  in  the  year. 

Let  us  see,  therefore,  what  would  be  the  con- 
stant earnings  or  income  of  the  men  working  at 
the  better-paid  portion  of  the  trade. 

£       «.  d. 

The  gross  actual  wages  of  ten 
rubbish-carters,  casually  employed 
for  39  weeks,  at  20s.  per  week, 
amount  to 390     0     0 

The  gross  actual  wages  of  250 
rubbish-carters,  casually  emplox'ed 
for  26  weeks,  at  20^-.  per  week      .     6500     0     0 

The  gross  actual  wage3  of  360 
rubbish-carters,  casually  employed 
for  13  weeks,  at  20s.  per  week      .     4600     0     0 

Total  gross  actual  wages  of  620 
of  the  better-paid  rubbish-carters  .  11,490     0     0 

But  this,  as  I  said  before,  represents  only  the 
casual  wages  of  the  better-paid  operatives — that 
is  to  say,  it  shows  the  amount  of  money  or  money's 
worth  that  is  positively  received  by  the  men 
while  they  are  in  employment.  To  understand 
what  are  the  constant  wages  of  these  men,  we 
must  divide  their  gross  casual  earnings  by  52,  the 
number  of  weeks  in  the  year  :  thus  we  find  that 
the  constant  wages  of  the  ten  men  who  were  era- 
ploj'ed  for  39  weeks,  were  15s.  instead  of  20s. 
per  week— that  '^is  to  say,  their  wages,  equally  di- 
vided throughout  the  year,  Avould  have  yielded  that 
constant  weekly  income.  By  the  same  reasoning, 
the  20s.  per  week  casual  wages  of  the  250  men 
employed  for  26  weeks  out  of  the  52,  were  equal 
to  only  10s.  constant  weekly  wages;  and  so  the 
360  men,  who  had  20s.  per  week  casually  for 
only  three  months  in  the  year,  had  but  5s.  a  week 
constantly  throughout  the  whole  year.  Hence 
we  see  the  enormous  difference  there  may  be  be- 
tween a  man's  casual  and  his  constant  earnings 
at  a  given  trade. 

The  next  question  that  forces  itself  on  the 
mind  is,  how  do  the  rubbish-carters  live  when  no 
longer  employed  at  this  kind  of  work  ? 

When  the  slack  season  among  rubbish-carters 
commences,  nearly  one-fifth  of  the  operatives  are 
discharged.  These  take  to  scavaging  or  dustman's 
work,  as  well  as  that  of  navigators,  or,  indeed,  any 
form  of  unskilled  labour,  some  obtaining  full  em- 
ploy, but  the  greater  part  being  able  to  "  get  a 
job  only  now  and  then."  Those  masters  who  keep 
their  men  on  throughout  the  year  are  some  of 
them  large  dust  contractors,  some  carmen,  some 
dairymen,  and  (in  one  or  two  instances  in  the 
suburbs,  as  at  Hackney)  small  farmers.  The  dust- 
contractors  and  carmen,  who  are  by  far  the  more 
numerous,  find  employment  for  the  men  employed 
by  them  as  rubbish-carters  in  the  season,  either  at 
the  dust-yard  or  carrying  sand,  or,  indeed,  carting 
any  materials  they  may  have  to  move — the  wages 
to  the  men  remaining  the  same ;  indeed  such  is 
the  transient  character  of  the  rubbish-carting 
trade,  that  there  are  no  masters  or  operatives  who 
devote  themselves  solely  to  the  business. 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


325 


Thb  Effects  of  Casual  Labour  in  General. 

Having  now  pointed  out   the  causes  of  casual 
labour,  I  proceed  to  set  forth  its  elfects. 

All  casual  labour,  as  I  have  said,  is  necessarily 
uncertain  labour;  and  wherever  uncertainty 
exists,  there  can  be  no  foresight  or  pro-vidence. 
Had  the  succession  of  events  in  nature  been  irre- 
gular,— had  it  been  ordained  by  the  Creator  that 
similar  causes  under  similar  circumstances  should 
not  be  attended  with  similar  effects, — it  would 
have  been  impossible  for  us  to  have  had  any 
knowledge  of  the  future,  or  to  have  made  any 
preparations  conceniing  it.  Had  the  seasons  fol- 
lowed each  other  fitfully, — had  the  sequences  in 
the  external  world  been  variable  instead  of  inva- 
riable, and  what  are  now  tenned  "  constants  "  from 
the  regularity  of  their  succession  been  changed 
into  inconstants, — what  provision  could  even  the 
most  prudent  of  us  have  made  ?  Where  all  was 
dark  and  unstable,  we  could  only  have  guessed 
instead  of  reasoned  as  to  what  was  to  come; 
and  who  would  have  deprived  himself  of  present 
enjoyments  to  avoid  future  privations,  which 
could  appear  neither  probable  nor  even  possible 
to  him  ?  Pro-vidence,  therefore,  is  simply  the 
result  of  certainty,  and  whatever  tends  to  increase 
our  faith  in  the  uniform  sequences  of  outward 
events,  as  well  as  our  reliance  on  the  means 
•we  have  of  avoiding  the  evils  connected  with 
them,  necessarily  tends  to  make  us  more  prudent. 
When^  the  means  of  sustenance  and  comfort 
are  fixed,  the  human  being  becomes  conscious  of  [ 
what  be  haa  to  depend  upon ;  and  if  he  feel  j 
ensured  that  cuch  means  may  fail  him  in  old  age 
or  in  sickness,  and  be  fully  impressed  with  the 
certatntif  of  snffering  from  either,  he  will  im- 
mediately proceed  to  make  some  provision  against 
the  time  of  adversity  or  infinnity.  If,  however, 
his  means  l>e  uucertain — abundant  at  one  time, 
and  deficient  at  another — a  spirit  of  speculation  or 
jr;  '!;!.'  with  the  future  will  be  ii^duced,  and  the 
ill  iuiaial  get  to  believe  in  "luck"  and  "fate" 
as  the  arbiters  of  his  happiness  rather  than  to 
look  upon  himself  as  "the  architect  of  his  fortunes" 
— trusting  to  "chance"  rather  than  his  own  powers 
and  foresight  to  relieve  him  at  the  hour  of  neces- 
sity. The  same  result  will  necessarily  ensue 
if,  from  defective  reasoning  powers,  the  ordinary 
course  of  nature  be  not  sufficiently  apparent  to 
him,  or  if,  being  in  good  health,  be  grow  too 
confident  upon  iu  continuance,  and,  either  from 
this  or  other  causes,  is  led  to  believe  that  death 
will  overtake  him  before  ht«  powers  of  self-support 
decay. 

The  ordinary  effects  of  uncertain  labour,  then, 
are  to  drive  the  labourers  to  improvidence,  reck- 
letcoeM,  and  pauperism. 

Even  in  theclaates  which  we  do  not  rank  among 
kboniers,  as,  for  instance,  authors,  artists,  musi- 
cians, actors,  uncertainty  or  irregularity  of  employ- 
ment and  remuneration  produces  a  spirit  of  waste- 
f'llrifr*.,  and  carelessness.  The  steady  and  daily 
,i«.(!  1  iv  gains  of  trade  and  of  some  of  the  profes- 
B.'iiM  t. nil  a  certain  and  staple  income;  while  in 
■tii-r  pr-ifessions,  where  a  large  sum  may  be  real- 


ized at  one  time,  and  then  no  money  be  earned 
until  after  an  interval,  incomings  are  rapidly  spent, 
and  the  interval  is  one  of  suffering.  This  is  part 
of  the  very  nature,  the  very  essence,  of  the  casualty 
of  employment  and  the  delay  of  remuneration. 
The  past  privation  gives  a  zest  to  the  present  en- 
joyment; while  the  present  enjoyment  renders  the 
past  privation  faint  as  a  remembrance  and  unim- 
pressive as  a  warning.  "  Want  of  providence," 
writes  Mr.  Porter,  "  on  the  part  of  those  who  live 
by  the  labour  of  their  hands,  and  whose  employ- 
ments so  often  depend  upon  circumstances  beyond 
their  control,  is  a  theme  which  is  constantly 
broui^ht  forward  by  many  whose  lot  in  life  has 
been  cast  beyond  the  reach  of  want.  It  is,  in- 
deed, greatly  to  be  wished,  for  their  own  sakes, 
that  tile  habit  were  general  among  the  labouring 
classes  of  saving  some  part  of  their  wages  when 
fully  employed,  against  less  prosperous  times;  but 
it  is  difficult  for  those  who  are  placed  in  circum- 
stances of  ease  to  eftimate  the  amount  of  virtue 
that  is  implied  in  this  self-denial.  It  must  be  a 
hard  trial  for  one  who  has  recently,  perhaps,  seen 
his  family  enduring  want,  to  deny  them  the  small 
amount  of  indulgences,  which  are,  at  the  best  of 
times,  placed  within  their  reach." 

It  is  easy  enough  for  men  in  smooth  circum- 
stances to  say,  "  the  privation  is  a  man's  own  fault, 
since,  to  avoid  it,  he  has  but  to  apportion  the  sum 
he  may  receive  in  a  lumf)  over  the  interval  of  non- 
recompense  which  he  knows  will  follow."  Such  a 
course  as  this,  experience  and  human  nature 
have  shown  not  to  be  easy — perhaps,  with  a 
few  exceptions,  not  to  be  possible.  It  is  the 
starving  and  not  the  well-fed  man  that  is  in 
danger  of  surfeiting  himself.  When  pestilence  or 
revolution  are  rendering  life  and  property  casual- 
ties in  a  country,  the  same  spirit  of  improvident 
recklessness  breaks  forth.  In  London,  on  the  last 
visitation  of  the  plague,  in  the  reign  of  CharW 
II.,  a  sort  of  Plague  Club  indulged  in  the  wildest 
excesses  in  the  very  heart  of  the  pestilence.  To 
these  orgies  no  one  was  admitted  who  had  not  been 
bereft  of  some  relative  by  the  pest.  In  Paris, 
during  the  reign  of  terror  in  the  first  revolution, 
the  famous  Guillotine  Club  was  composed  of  none 
but  those  who  had  lost  some  near  relative  by  the 
guillotine.  When  they  met  for  their  half  frantic 
revels  every  one  wore  some  symbol  of  death : 
breast  pins  in  the  fibrm  of  guillotines,  rings  with 
death's-heads,  and  such  like.  The  duration  of 
their  own  lives  these  Guillotine  Clubbists  knew  to 
be  uncertain,  not  merely  in  the  ordinary  uncer- 
tainty of  nature,  but  from  the  character  of  the 
times ;  and  this  feeling  of  the  jeopardy  of  exist- 
ence, from  the  practice  of  violence  and  bloodshed, 
wrought  the  effects  I  have  described.  Life  was 
more  than  naturally  casual.  When  the  famine 
was  at  tlie  worst  in  Ireland,  it  was  remarked  in  , 
the  (Jorh  Examiner,  that  in  that  city  there  never 
had  been  seen  more  street  "larking"  or  street 
gambling  among  the  poor  lads  and  young  men 
who  were  really  starving.  This  was  a  natural 
result  of  the  casualty  of  labour  and  the  conse- 
quent casujilty  of  food.  Persons,  it  should  be 
remembered,  do  not  insure  houses  or  shops  that 


No.  XLV. 


U 


326 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


are  "  doubly  or  trebly  hazardous ;  "  they  gamble 
on  the  uncertainty. 

Mr.  Porter,  in  his  "  Progress  of  the  Nation," 
cites  a  fact  bearing  immediateh'  upon  the  present 
subject. 

"  The  fomiation  of  a  canal,  which  h;is  been  in 
progress  during  the  last  live  years,  in  the  north  of 
Ireland  (this  was  written  in  1847),  has  afforded 
steady  employment  to  a  portion  of  the  peasantry, 
who  before  that  time  were  suffering  all  the  evils, 
80  common  in  that  country,  which  result  from  the 
precariousness  of  employment.  Such  work  as  they 
could  previously  get  came  at  uncertain  intervals, 
and  was  sought  by  so  many  competitors,  that  the 
remuneration  was  of  the  scantiest  amount.  In  this 
condition  of  things  the  men  were  improvident,  to 
recklessness  ;  their  wages,  insufficient  for  the  com- 
fortable sustenance  of  their  families,  were  wasted 
in  procuring  for  themselves  a  temporary  forgetful- 
ness  of  their  misery  at  the  whiskey-shop,  and  the 
men  appeared  to  be  sunk  into  a  state  of  hopeless 
degradation.  From  the  moment,  however,  that 
work  Avas  offered  to  them  which  was  constant  in  its 
nature  and  certain  in  its  duration,  and  on  which 
their  weekly  earnings  would  be  sufficient  to  pro- 
vide for  their  comfortable  support,  men  who  had 
been  idle  and  dissolute  were  converted  into  sober 
hard-working  labourers,  and  proved  themselves 
kind  and  careful  husbands  and  fathers;  and  it  is 
stated  as  a  fact,  that,  notwithstanding  the  distribu- 
tion of  several  hundred  pounds  weekly  in  wages, 
the  whole  of  which  must  be  considered  as  so  much 
additional  money  placed  in  their  hands,  the  con- 
sumption of  whiskey  was  absolutely  and  perma- 
nerdly  diminished  in  the  district.  Daring  the  com- 
paratively short  period  in  which  the  construction 
of  this  canal  was  in  progress,  some  of  the  most 
careful  labourers — men  who  most  probably  before 
then  never  knew  what  it  was  to  possess  five  shil- 
lings at  any  one  time — saved  sufficient  money  to 
enable  them  to  emigrate  to  Canada." 

There  can  hardly  be  a  stronger  illustration  of 
the  blessing  of  constant  and  the  curse  of  casual  la- 
bour. We  have  competence  and  frugality  as  the 
results  of  one  sj'stem;  poverty  and  extravagance 
as  the  results  of  the  other;  and  among  the'very 
same  individuals. 

In  the  evidence  given  by  Mr,  Galloway,  the 
engineer,  before  a  parliamentary  committee,  he 
remarks,  that  '■  when  employers  are  competent  to 
show  their  men  that  their  business  is  steady  and 
certain,  and  when  men  find  that  they  are  likely 
to  have  'permanent  employment,  they  have  always 
better  habits  and  more  settled  notions,  which  will 
make  them  better  men  and  better  workmen,  and 
will  produce  great  benefits  to  all  who  are  interested 
in  their  employment." 

Moreover,  even  if  payment  be  assured  to  a 
working  man  regularly,  but  deferred  for  long  in- 
tervals, so  as  to  make  the  returns  lose  all  appear- 
ance of  regularity,  he  will  rarely  be  found  able  to 
resist  the  temptation  of  a  tavern,  and,  perhaps,  a 
long-continued  carouse,  or  of  some  other  extrava- 
gance to  his  taste,  when  he  receives  a  month's 
dues  at  once.  I  give  an  instance  of  this  in  the 
following  statement : — 


.For  some  years  after  the  peace  of  1815  the 
staffs  of  the  militias  were  kept  up,  but  not  in  any 
active  service.  During  the  war  the  militias  per- 
formed what  are  now  the  functions  of  the  regular 
troops  in  the  three  kingdoms,  their  stations  being 
changed  more  frequently  than  those  of  any  of  the 
regular  regiments  at  the  present  day.  Indeed, 
they  only  differed  from  the  "  regulars  "  in  name. 
There  was  the  same  military  discipline,  and  the 
sole  difference  was,  that  the  militia-men — who  were 
balloted  for  periodically — could  not,  by  the  laws 
regulating  their  embodiment,  be  sent  out  of  the 
United  Kingdom  for  purposes  of  warfare.  The 
militias  were  embodied  for  twenty-eight  days' 
training,  once  in  four  years  (seldom  less)  after  the 
peace,  and  the  staff  acted  as  the  drill  sergeants. 
They  were  usually  steady,  orderly  men,  Avorking 
at  their  respective  crafts  when  not  on  duty  after 
the  militia's  disembodiment,  and  some  who  had 
not  been  brought  up  to  any  handicraft  turned  out 
— perhaps  from  their  military  habits  of  early  rising 
and  orderliness — very  good  gardeners,  both  on 
their  own  account  and  as  assistants  in  gentlemen's 
grounds.  No  few  of  them  saved  money.  Yet 
these  men,  with  very  few  exceptions,  when  they 
received  a  month's  pay,  fooled  away  a  part  of  it  in 
tippling  and  idleness,  to  which  they  were  not  at 
all  addicted  when  attending  regularly  to  their  work 
with  its  regular  returns.  If  they  got  into  any 
trouble  in  consequence  of  their  carousing,  it  was 
looked  upon  as  a  sort  of  legitimate  excuse,  "  Why 
you  see,  sir,  it  was  the  24th"  (the  24th  of  each 
month  being  the  pension  day). 

The  thoughtless  extravagance  of  sailors  when, 
on  their  return  to  port,  they  receive  in  one  sum  the 
wages  they  have  earned  by  severe  toil  amidst 
storms  and  dangers  during  a  long  voyage,  I  need 
not  speak  of;  it  is  a  thing  well  known. 

These  soldiers  and  seamen  cannot  be  said  to 
have  been  casually  emploj'ed,  but  the  results  were 
the  same  as  if  they  had  been  so  employed;  the 
money  came  to  them  in  a  lump  at  so  long  an  in- 
terval as  to  appear  uncertain,  and  was  conse- 
quently squandered. 

I  may  cite  the  following  example  as  to  the 
effects  of  uncertain  earnings  upon  the  household 
outlay  of  labourers  who  suffer  from  the  casualties 
of  employment  induced  by  the  season  of  the  year. 
'•  In  the  long  fine  days  of  summer,  the  little  daugh- 
ter of  a  working  brickmaker,"  I  was  told,  "  used  to 
order  chops  and  other  choice  dainties  of  a  butcher, 
saying,  '  Please,  sir,  father  don't  care  for  the  price 
just  a-now;  but  he  must  have  his  chops  good; 
line-chops,  sir,  and  tender,  please — 'cause  he 's  a 
brickmaker.'  In  the  winter,  it  was,  '  0  please, 
sir,  here  's  a  fourpenny  bit,  and  you  must  send 
father  something  cheap.  He  don't  care  what  it  is, 
so  long  as  it's  cheap.  It's  winter,  and  he  hasn't 
no  work,  sir — 'cause  he  's  a' brickmaker.'  " 

I  have  spoken  of  the  tendency  of  casual  labour 
to  induce  intemperate  habits.  In  confirmation  of 
this  I  am  enabled  to  give  the  following  account  as 
to  the  increase  of  the  sale  of  malt  liquor  in  the 
metropolis  consequent  upon  wet  weather.  The 
account  is  derived  from  the  personal  observations 
of  a  gentleman  long  familiar  with  the  brewing 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TUB  LONDON  POOR. 


327 


trade,  in  connection  with  one  of  the  largest 
houses.  In  short,  I  may  state  that  the  account  is 
given  on  the  very  best  authority. 

There  are  nhie  large  brewers  in  London  ;  of 
these  the  two  firms  transacting  the  greatest  extent 
of  business  supply,  daily,  1000  barrels  each  firm 
to  their  customers  ;  the  seven  others,  among 
thecS,  dispose,  altogether,  of  3000  barrels  daily. 
All  these  5000  barrels  a  day  are  solely  for  town 
consumption  ;  and  this  may  be  said  to  be  the 
average  supply  the  year  through,  but  the  public- 
house  sale  is  far  from  regular. 

After  a  wet  day  the  sale  of  malt  liquor,  prin- 
cipally beer  (porter),  to  the  metropolitan  retailers 
is  from  500  to  1000  barrels  more  than  when  a 
wet  day  has  not  occurred;  that  is  to  say,  the 
supply  increases  from  5000  barrels  to  550J  and 
6000.  Such  of  the  publicans  as  keep  small 
stocks  ^  the  next  day  to  their  brewers  to  order  a 
further  supply;  those  who  have  better-furnished 
cellars  may  not  go  for  two  or  three  days  after,  but 
the  result  is  the  same. 

The  reason  for  this  increased  consumption  is 
obvious  ;  when  the  weather  prevents  workmen 
from  prosecuting  their  respective  callings  in 
the  open  air,  they  have  recourse  to  drinking,  to 
p.xss  away  the  idle  time.  Any  one  who  has  made 
himself  familiar  with  the  habits  of  the  working 
classes  has  often  found  them  crowding  a  public- 
house  during  a  hard  rain,  especially  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  new  buildings,  or  any  public  open-air 
work.  Tiie  street-sellers,  themselves  prevented 
from  plying  their  trades  outside,  are  busy  in  such 
times  in  the  "  publics,"  otfering  for  sale  braces, 
belts,  hose,  tobacco-boxes,  nuts  of  different  kinds, 
apples,  &c.  A  bargain  may  then  be  struck  for 
so  mach  and  a  half-pint  of  beer,  and  so  the  con- 
sumption is  augmented  by  the  trade  in  other 
matters. 

Now,  taking  750  barrels  as  the  average  of 
the  extra  sale  of  beer  in  consequence  of  wet 
weather,  we  have  a  consumption  beyond  the  de- 
mands of  the  ordinary  trade  in  malt  liquor  of 
27,000  gallons,  or  216,000  pints.  This,  at  2d.  a 
pint,  is  1800/.  for  a  day's  needless,  and  often  pre- 
judicial, outlay  caused  by  the  casualty  of  the 
weather  and  the  consequent  casualty  of  labour. 
A  censor  of  morals  might  say  that  these  men 
should  go  home  under  such  circumstances ;  but 
their  homes  may  be  at  a  distance,  and  may  present 
no  great  attractions ;  the  single  men  among  them 
may  have  no  homes,  merely  sleeping-pl:ice8  ;  and 
even  tho  more  prudent  may  think  it  advisable  to 
wait  awhile  under  shelter  in  hopes  of  the  weather 
improving,  so  that  they  could  resume  their  labour, 
and  only  an  hour  or  so  be  deducted  from  their 
wages.  Besides,  there  is  the  attraction  to  the  I 
labourer  of  the  warmth,  discussion,  freedom,  and  j 
excitement  of  the  public-house.  | 

That  the  great  bulk  of  the  consumers  of  this  I 
wlditioncU  beer  arc  of  the  classes  I  have  men- 
tioned is,  I  think,  plain  enough,  from  the  increase  | 
being  experienced  only  in  tliat  beverage,  the  con-  | 
sumption  of  gin  being  little  affected  by  the  same 


iicans.     Indeed,  the  statistics  showing  the  ratio 
>f    beer  and   gin -drinking  are  curiotu  enough 


(were  this  the  place  to  enter  into  them),  the  most 
gin,  as  a  general  rule,  being  consumed  in  the  most 
depressed  years. 

"  It  is  a  fact  worth  notice,"  said  a  statistical 
journal,  entitled  "  Facts  and  Figures,"  published 
in  1841,  "as  illustrative  of  the  tendency  of  the 
times  of  pressure  to  increase  spint  drinking,  that 
whilst  under  the  privations  of  last  year  (1810) 
the  poorer  classes  paid  2,628,286^.  tax  for  spirits; 
in  1S36,  a  year  of  the  greatest  prosperity,  the  tax 
on  British  spirits  amounted  only  to  2,390,188/. 
So  true  is  it  tlvat  to  impoverish  is  to  demoralise." 

The  numbers  who  imbibe,  in  the  course  of  a 
wet  day,  these  750  barrels,  cannot,  of  course,  be 
ascertained,  but  the  following  calculations  may  be 
presented.  The  class  of  men  I  have  described 
rarely  have  spare  money,  but  if  known  to  a  land- 
lord, they  probably  may  obtain  credit  until  the 
Saturday  night.  Now,  putting  their  extra  beer- 
drinking  on  wet  days — for  on  fine  days  there  is 
generally  a  pint  or  more  consumed  daily  per 
working  man — putting,  I  say,  the  extra  potations 
at  a  pot  (quart)  each  man,  we  find  one  hundred 
and  eight  thousand  consumers  (out  of  2,000,000 
people,  or,  discarding  the  women  and  children,  not 
1,000,000) !  A  number  doubling,  and  trebling, 
and  quadrupling  the  male  adult  population  of 
many  a  splendid  continental  city. 

Of  the  data  I  have  given,  I  may  repeat,  no 
doubt  can  be  entertained  ;  nor,  as  it  seems  to  me, 
can  any  doubt  be  entertained  that  the  increased 
consumption  is  directly  attributable  to  the 
casualty  of  labour*. 

Of  the  Scurf  Trade  among  the  Rubbish- 
Carters. 

Before  proceeding  to  treat  of  the  cheap  or 
"scurf"  labourers  among  the  rubbish-carters,  I 
shall  do  as  I  have  done  in  connection  with  the 
casual  labourers  of  the  same  trade,  say  a  few 
words  on  that  kind  of  labour  in  general,  both  as 
to  the  means  by  which  it  is  usually  obtained  and 
as  to  the  distinctive  qualities  of  the  scurf  or  low- 
priced  labourers;  for  experience  teaches  me  that 
th'j  mode  by  which  labour  is  cheapened  is  more  or 
less  similar  in  all  trades,  and  it  will  therefore  save 
much  time  and  space  if  I  here — as  with  the  casual 
labourers — give  the  general  fe,cts  in  connection 
with  this  part  of  my  subject. 

In  the  first  place,  then,  there  are  but  two  direct 
modes  of  cheapening  labour,  viz. : — 

1.  By  making  the  workmen  do  more  work  for 
the  same  pay. 

2.  Byjmaking  them  do  the  samevfork  for  less  pay. 
The  first  of  these  modes  is  what  is  technically 

termed  "  driving"  especially  when  effected  by  com- 
pulsory "overwork;"  and  it  is  called  the  "economy 
of  hibour"  when  brought  about  by  more  elaborate 
and  refined  processes,  such  as  the  division  of  la- 
bour, the  large  system  of  production,  the  invention 

*  The  Great  Exhibition,  I  am  informed,  produced  a  very 
small  effect  on  the  consumption  of  imrter;  and,  acconf- 
ing  to  the  otlicial  retunH,  l(;(i,(KK»  gallons  li-ss  spirits  were 
consumed  in  the  first  nine  montiis  of  the  present  year, 
than  In  the  corresponding  months  of  the  last :  thus  snow- 
ing that  any  (xrcupation  of  mind  or  body  is  incompatible 
witli  intemperate  habits,  f(»r  drunkenness  is  essentially 
the  vice  of  idleness,  or  want  of  something  better  to  do. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  machinery,  and  the  temporary,  as  contradistin- 
guished from  the  permanent,  mode  of  hiring. 

Each  of  these  modes  of  making  workmen  do 
inore  work  for  the  same  pay,  can  but  have  tiie 
same  depressing  effect  on  the  labour  market,  for 
not  only  is  the  rate  of  remuneration  (or  ratio  of 
the  work  to  the  pay)  reduced  wlien  the  operative 
is  made  to  do  a  greater  quantity  of  work  for  the 
same  amount  of  money,  but,  unless  the  means  of 
disposing  of  the  extra  products  be  proportionately 
increased,  it  is  evident  that  just  as  many  work- 
men must  be  displaced  thereby  as  the  increased 
terra  or  rate  of  working  exceeds  the  extension  of 
the  markets;  that  is  to  say,  if  4000  workpeople 
be  made  to  produce  each  twice  as  much  as  formerly 
(either  by  extending  the  hours  of  labour  or  in- 
creasing their  rate  of  labouring),  then  if  the 
markets  or  means  of  disposing  of  the  extra  pro- 
ducts be  increased  only  one-half,  1000  hands  must, 
according  to  Cocker,  be  deprived  of  their  ordinary 
employment;  and  these  competing  with  those  who 
are  in  work  will  immediately  tend  to  reduce  the 
wages  of  the  trade  generally,  so  that  not  only 
will  the  rate  of  wages  be  decreased,  since  each  will 
have  more  work  to  do,  but  the  actual  earnings  of 
the  workmen  will  be  diminished  likewise. 

Of  the  economy  of  labour  itself,  as  a  means  of 
cheapening  work,  there  is  no  necessity  for  me  to 
speak  here.  It  is,  indeed,  generally  admitted, 
that  to  economize  labour  without  proportionally 
extending  the  markets  for  the  products  of  such 
labour,  is  to  deprive  a  certain  number  of  workmen 
of  their  ordinary  means  of  living;  and  under  the 
head  of  casual  labour  so  many  instances  have 
been  given  of  this  principle  that  it  would  be 
wearisome  to  the  reader  were  I  to  do  other  than 
allude  to  the  matter  at  present.  There  are,  however, 
several  other  means  of  causing  a  workman  to  do 
more  than  his  ordinary  quantity  of  work.  These 
are  : — 

1.  By  extra  supervision  when  the  workmen 
are  paid  by  the  day.  Of  this  mode  of 
increased  production  an  instance  has  al- 
ready been  cited  in  the  account  of  the 
strapping-shops  given  at  p.  304,  vol.  ii. 

2.  By  increasing  the  workman's  interest  in 
his  work ;  as  in  piece-work,  where  the 
payment  of  the  operative  is  made  propor- 
tional to  the  quantity  of  work  done  by 
him.  Of  this  mode  examples  have  already 
been  given  at  p.  303,  vol.  ii. 

3.  By  large  quantities  of  work  given  out  at 
one  time;  as  in  "lump-work"  and  "con- 
tract work." 

4.  By  the  domestic  system  of  work,  or  giv- 
ing out  materials  to  be  made  up  at  the 
homes  of  the  workpeople. 

5.  By  the  middleman  system  of  labour. 

6.  By  the  prevalence  of  small  masters. 

7.  By  a  reduced  rate  of  pay,  as  forcing 
operatives  to  labour  both  longer  and 
quicker,  in  order  to  make  up  the  same 
amount  of  income. 

Of  several  of  these  modes  of  work  I  have 
already  spoken,  citing  facts  as  to  their  pernicious 
influence  upon  the  greater  portion  of  those  trades 


where  they  are  found  to  prevail.  I  have  already 
shown  how,  by  extra  supervision — by  increased 
interest  in  the  work — as  well  as  by  decreased  pay, 
operatives  can  be  made  to  do  more  work  than  they 
otherwise  would,  and  so  be  the  cause,  unless  the 
market  be  proportionately  extended,  of  depriving 
some  of  their  fellow-labourers  of  their  fair  share 
of  employment.  It  now  only  remains  for  me  to 
set  forth  the  effect  of  those  modes  of  employment 
which  have  not  yet  been  described,  viz.,  the 
domestic  system,  the  middleman  system,  and  the 
contract  and  lump  system,  as  well  aa  the  small- 
master  system  of  work. 

Let  me  begin  with  the  first  of  the  last-men- 
tioned modes  of  cheapening  labour,  viz.,  the  do- 
mestic s)/stem  of  work. 

I  find,  by  investigation,  that  in  trades  where 
the  system  of  working  on  the  master's  premises 
has  been  departed  from,  and  a  man  is  allowed  to 
take  his  work  home,  there  is  invariably  a  ten- 
dency to  cheapen  labour.  These  home  workers, 
whenever  opportunity  offers,  'Will  use  other  men's 
ill-paid  labour,  or  else  employ  the  members  of 
their  family  to  enhance  their  own  profits. 

The  domestic  system,  moreover,  naturally  induces 
over-ivork  and  Sunday -work,  as  icell  as  tends  to 
change  journeymen  into  trading  operatives,  living 
on  the -labour  of  their  felloio -workmen.  "When  the 
work  is  executed  off  the  master's  premises,  of 
course  there  are  neither  definite  hours  nor  days  for 
labour ;  and  the  consequence  is,  the  generality  of 
home  workers  labour  early  and  late,  Sundays  as 
well  as  week-days,  availing  themselves  at  the 
same  time  of  the  co-operation  of  their  wives  and 
children ;  thus  the  trade  becomes  overstocked 
with  workpeople  by  the  introduction  of  a  vast 
number  of  new  hands  into  it,  as  well  as  by  the 
overwork  of  the  men  themselves  who  thus  obtain 
employment.  When  I  was  among  the  tailors,  I 
received  from  a  journeyman  to  whom  I  was  re- 
ferred by  the  Trades'  Societj-  as  the  one  best  able 
to  explain  the  causes  of  the  decline  of  that  trade, 
the  following  lucid  account  of  the  evils  of  this 
system  of  labour  : — 

"  The  principal  cause  of  the  decline  of  our 
trade  is  the  employment  given  to  workmen  at 
their  own  homes,  or,  in  other  words,  to  the 
'  sweaters.'  The  sweater  is  the  greatest  evil  in 
the  trade ;  as  the  sweating  system  increases  the 
number  of  hands  to  an  almost  incredible  extent — 
wives,  sons,  daughters,  and  extra  women,  all 
working  'long  days' — that  is,  labouring  from 
sixteen  to  eighteen  hours  per  day,  and  Sundays 
as  well.  By  this  system  two  men  obtain  as  much 
work  as  would  give  employment  to  three  or  four 
men  working  regular  hours  in  the  shop.  Conse- 
quently, the  sweater  being  enabled  to  get  the 
work  done  by  women  and  children  at  a  lower 
price  than  the  regular  workman,  obtains  the  I 
greater  part  of  the  garments  to  be  made,  while 
men  who  depend  upon  the  shop  for  their  living 
are  obliged  to  walk  about  idle.  A  greater  quan- 
tity of  work  is  done  under  the  sweating  system 
at  a  lower  price.  I  consider  that  the  decline  of 
my  trade  dates  from  the  change  of  day-work  into 
piece-work.     According  to  the    old   system,  the 


LOSDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


329 


j:iur!u*vman  was   paid   by   the   day,  and    conse- 
quentlv  must  have  done  his  work,  under  the  eye 
of  his' employer.     It  is  true  that  work  was  given 
out  by  the  master  before  the  change  from  day-  i 
work  to  piece-work  was  regularly  acknowledged 
in  the  trade.     But  siill  it  was  niorAlly  impossible  ' 
for  Svork  to  be  given  out  and  not  be  paid  by  the  ! 
piece.     Hence  I  date  t/oe  decrease  in  tlie  wages  of  i 
the  icorkman  from  the  introduction  of  piece- work ,  • 
and  gicinj  out  jannentt  to  be  made  of  tlie  pre-  \ 
mifts  if  tlte  vuuter.     The  effect  of  this  was,  that  j 
the  workman  making  the  garment,  knowing  that  ; 
the  master  could  not  tell  whom  he  got  to  do  his  | 
work  for  him,  employed  women  and  children  to  i 
help  him,  and  paid  them   little  or  nothing   for 
their  l.ibjur.      This    was    the   beginning  of  the 
sweating  system.      The   workmen  gradually  be- 
came transformed  from  journeymen  into  'middle- 
men,' living  by  the  labour  of  others.     Employers 
soon  began  to  find  that  they  could  get  garments 
made  at  a  less  sum  than  the  regular  price,  and 
those  tradesmen  who  were  anxious  to  force  their 
trade,    by    underselling   their    more    honourable 
neighbours,   readily   availed   thftmselves   of    this 
means  of  obtaining  cheap  labour." 

The  niiddleinan  system  of  work  is  so  much  akin 
to  the  domestic  system,  of  which,  indeed,  it  is 
but  a  necessary  result,  that  it  forms  a  natural 
addendum  to  the  above.  Of  this  indirect  mode  of 
employing  workmen,  I  said,  in  the  Chronicle, 
when  treating  of  the  timber-porters  at  the  docks: — 

**  The  middleman  system  is  the  one  crying  evil 
of  the  day.  Whether  he  goes  by  the  name  of 
'sweater,'  'chamber-master,'  'lumper,'or  contractor, 
it  is  this  trading  operative  who  is  the  great  means 
of  reducing  the  wage*  of  his  fellow  working-men. 
To  make  a  profit  out  of  the  employment  of  his 
brother  operatives  he  must,  of  course,  obtain  a 
lower  class  and,  consequently,  cheaper  labour. 
Hence  it  becomes  a  husiness  with  him  to  hunt  out 
the  lowest  grades  of  working  men — that  is  to  say, 
those  who  are  either  morally  or  intellectually  in- 
ferior in  the  craft — the  drunken,  the  dishonest, 
the  idle,  the  vagabond,  and  the  unskilful ;  these 
are  the  instruments  that  he  seeks  for,  because,  th^e 
being  un  ible  to  obtain  employment  at  the  regular 
wages  of  the  sober,  honest,  industrious,  and  skilful 
portion  of  the  trad:*,  he  can  obtain  their  labour  at 
a  lower  rate  than  what  is  usually  paid.  Hence 
drunkards,  tramps,  men  without  character  or  sta- 
tion, apprentices,  children — all  suit  him.  Indeed, 
the  nmrf?  degraded  the  labour<TS,  the  better  they 
auawer  his  purpose,  for  the  cheaper  he  can  get 
their  work,  and  coiuequently  the  more  he  can 
make  out  of  it. 

" '  Boy  labour  or  thief  labour,'  said  a  middle- 
man, on  a  large  scale,  to  me,  '  what  do  I  care,  so 
long  a«  lean  get  my  work  done  cheap!'  That  this 
teeting  otU  of  cheap  and  inferior  labour  really 
takes  place,  and  is  a  necessary  consequence  of  the 
middleman  system,  we  have  merely  to  look  into 
the  condition  of  any  trade  where  it  is  extensively 
pursued.  I  have  shov/:  iiit  of  the  tailors' 

trade  printed  in  th«"  it  the  wives  of 

the  sweaters  not  only  j .    ...         directs  of  London 


j  on  the  look-out  for  youths  raw  from  the  country, 
i  but  that  they  make  periodical  trips  to  the  poorest 
provinces  of  Ireland,  in  order  to  obtain  workmen 
I  at  the  lowest  possible  rate.     I  have  shown,  more- 
over, that  foreigners   are  annually  imported  from 
I  the  Continent  for  the  same  purpose,  and  that  among 
j  the  chamber-masters  in  the  shoe  trade,  the  child- 
i  market  at  Bethnal-green,   as   well  as  the   work- 
;  houses,  are  continually  ransacked  for  the  means  of 
!  obtaining  a  cheaper  kind  of  labour.     All  my  in- 
i  vestigations  go    to    prove,  that  it   is   chiefly  by 
;  means  of  this  middleman  system  that  the  wages 
I  of   the    working   men   are   reduced.      It   is  this 
!  contractor  —  this  trading  operative  —  who   is  in- 
i  variably  the   prime   mover    in   the   reduction   of 
1  the  wages  of  his  fellow -workmen.     He  uses  the 
most  degraded  of  the  class  as  a  means  of  under- 
selling the  worthy  and  skilful  labourers,  and  of 
ultimately  dragging  the  better  down  to  the  abase- 
ment of  the  worst.     He   cares  not  whether  the 
trade  to  which  he  belongs  is  already  overstocked 
with  hands,  for,  be  those  hands  as  many  as  they 
may,  and  the  ordinary  wages  of  his  craft  down  to 
bare  subsistence  point,  it  matters  not  a  jot  to  him; 
fte  can  live  solely  by  reducing  them  still   lower, 
and  so  he  immechately  sets  about  drafting  or  im- 
porting a  fresh  and  cheaper  stock  into  the  trade. 
If  men  cannot  subsist  on  lower  prices,  then  he 
takes  apprentices,  or  hires  children ;  if  women  of 
chiistity  ciinnot  afford  to  labour  at  the  price  he 
gives,  then  he  has  recourse  to  prostitutes ;  or  if 
workmen  of  character  and  worth  refuse  to  work  at 
less  than  the  ordinary  rate,  then  he  seeks  out  the 
moral  refuse  of  the  trade — those  whom  none  else 
will  employ;  or  else  he  flies,  to  find  labour  meet 
for  his  purpose,  to  the  workhouse  and  the  gaol. 
Backed  by  this  cheap  and  refuse  labour,  he  offers 
his  work  at  lower  prices,  and  so  keeps  on  reducing 
and  reducing  the  wages  of  his  brethren,  until  all 
sink   in    poverty,   wretchedness,   and   vice.      Go 
where  we  will,  look   into   whatever    poorly-paid 
craft  we  please,  we  shall  find  this  trading  opera' 
live,  this  middleman,  or  contractor,  at  the  bottom 
of  the  degradation." 

The  "  contract  system  "  or  "  lump  work,"  as  it 
is  called,  is  but  a  corollary,  as  it  were,  of  the 
foregoing;  for  it  is  an  essential  part  of  the  middle- 
man system,  that  the  work  should  be  obtained  by 
the  trading  operative  in  large  (quantities,  so  that 
those  upon  whose  labour  he  lives  should  be  kept 
continually  occupied,  and  the  more,  of  course,  that 
he  can  obtain  work  for,  the  greater  his  prolit.  When 
a  quantity  of  work,  usually  |)aid  for  by  tlie  piece, 
is  given  out  at  one  time,  the  natural  tendency  is 
for  the  piece-work  to  pass  into  lump-work;  that  is 
to  say,  if  there  be  in  a  trade  a  number  of  distinct 
parts,  each  requiring,  perhaps,  from  the  division 
of  labour,  a  distinct  hand  for  the  execution  of  it, 
or  if  each  of  these  |Kirts  bear  a  different  price,  it 
is  frequently  the  case  that  the  master  will  contract 
with  some  one  workman  for  the  execution  of  the 
whole,  agreeing  to  give  a  certain  price  for  the  job 
"in  the  lump,"  and  allowing  the  workman  to  get 
whom  he  pleases  to  execute  it.  This  is  the  case 
with  the  piece-working  masters  in  the  coach-build- 
ing trade;  but  it  is  not  essential  to  the  contract  or 


330 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


lump  system  of  work,  that  other  hands  should  be 
employed ;  the  main  distinction  between  it  and 
piece-work  being  that  the  work  is  given  out  in 
large  quantities,  and  a  certain  allowance  or  reduc- 
tion of  price  effected  from  that  cause  alone. 

It  is  this  contract  or  lump  work  which  con- 
stitutes the  great  evil  of  the  carpenter's,  as  well 
as  of  many  other  trades ;  and  as  in  those  crafts, 
so  in  this,  we  find  that  the  lower  the  wages  are 
reduced  the  greater  becomes  the  number  of  trading 
operatives  or  middlemen.  For  it  is  when  Avork- 
men  find  the  difficulty  of  living  by  their  labour 
increased  that  they  take  to  scheming  and  trading 
upon  the  labour  of  their  fellows.  In  the  slop 
trade,  where  the  pay  is  the  worst,  these  creatures 
abound  the  most ;  and  so  in  the  carpenter's  trade, 
where  the  wages  are  the  lowest — as  among  the 
speculative  builders — there  the  system  of  contract- 
ing and  sub-contracting  is  found  in  full  force. 

Of  this  contract  or  lump  work,  I  received  the 
following  account  from  the  foreman  to  a  large 
speculating  builder,  when  I  was  inquiring  into 
the  condition  of  the  London  carpenters : — 

"  The  way  in  which  the  work  is  done  is  mostly 
by  letting  and  subletting.  The  masters  usually 
prefer  to  let  work,  because  it  takes  all  the  trouble 
off  their  hands.  They  know  what  they  are  to 
get  for  the  job,  and  of  course  they  let  it  as  much 
under  that  figure  as  they  possibly  can,  all  of 
which  is  clear  gain  without  the  least  trouble. 
How  the  work  is  done,  or  by  whom,  it's  no 
matter  to  them,  so  long  as  they  can  make  what 
they  want  out  of  the  job,  and  have  no  bother 
about  it.  Some  of  our  largest  builders  are  taking 
to  this  plan,  and  a  party  who  used  to  have  one  of 
the  largest  shops  in  London  has  within  the  last 
three  years  discharged  all  the  men  in  his  employ 
(he  had  200  at  least),  and  has  now  merely  an 
office,  and  none  but  clerks  and  accountants  in  his 
pay.  He  has  taken  to  letting  his  work  out 
instead  of  doing  it  at  home.  The  parties  to  whom 
the  work  is  let  by  the  speculating  builders  are 
generally  working  men,  and  these  men  in  their 
turn  look  out  for  other  working  men,  who  will 
take  the  job  cheaper  than  they  will;  and  so  I  leave 
you,  sir,  and  the  public  to  judge  what  the  party 
who  really  executes  the  work  gets  for  his  labour, 
and  what  is  the  quality  of  work  that  he  is  likely 
to  put  into  it.  The  speculating  builder  gene- 
rally employs  an  overlooker  to  see  that  the  work 
is  done  sufficiently  well  to  pass  the  surveyor. 
That 's  all  he  cares  about.  Whether  it 's  done  by 
thieves,  or  drunkards,  or  boys,  it 's  no  matter  to 
him.  The  overlooker,  of  course,  sees  after  the 
first  party  to  whom  the  work  is  let,  and  this 
party  in  his  turn  looks  after  the  several  hands 
that  he  has  sublet  it  to.  The  first  man  who 
agrees  to  the  job  takes  it  in  the  lump,  and  he 
again  lets  it  to  others  in  the  piece.  I  have 
known  instances  of  its  having  been  let  again  a 
third  time,  but  this  is  not  usual.  The  party  who 
takes  the  job  in  the  lump  from  the  speculator 
usually  employs  a  foreman,  whose  duty  it  is  to 
give  out  the  materials  and  to  make  working 
drawings.  The  men  to  whom  it  is  sublet  only 
find   labour,   while   the   'lumper,'   or   first  con- 


tractor, agrees  for  both  labour  and  materials.  It 
is  usual  in  contract  work,  for  the  first  party  who 
takes  the  job  to  be  bound  in  a  large  sum  for  the 
due  and  faithful  performance  of  his  contract.  He 
then,  in  his  turn,  finds  out  a  sub-contractor,  who  is 
mostly  a  small  builder,  who  will  also  bind  him- 
self that  the  work  shall  be  properly  executed,  and 
there  the  binding  ceases — those  parties  to  whom 
the  job  is  afterwards  let,  or  sublet,  employing 
foremen  or  overlookers  to  see  that  their  contract  is 
carried  out.  The  first  contractor  has  scarcely  any 
trouble  whatsoever ;  he  merely  engages  a  gentle- 
man, who  rides  about  in  a  gig,  to  see  that  what  is 
done  is  likely  to  pass  muster.  The  sub-contractor 
has  a  little  more  trouble ;  and  so  it  goes  on  as  it 
gets  down  and  down.  Of  course  I  need  not  tell 
you  that  the  first  contractor,  who  does  the  least  of 
all,  gets  the  7nost  of  all ;  while  the  poor  wretch  of 
a  working  man,  who  positively  executes  the  job, 
is  obliged  to  slave  away  every  hour,  night  after 
night,  to  get  a  bare  living  out  of  it ;  and  this  is 
the  contract  system." 

A  tradesman,  or  a  speculator,  will  contract,  for 
a  certain  sum,  to  complete  the  skeleton  of  a  house, 
and  render  it  fit  for  habitation.  He  will  sublet 
the  flooring  to  some  working  joiner,  who  will,  in 
very  many  cases,  take  it  on  such  terms  as  to 
allow  himself,  by  working  early  and  late,  the  re- 
gular journeymen's  wages  of  30s.  a  week,  or  per- 
haps rather  more.  Now  this  sub-contractor  cannot 
complete  the  work  within  the  requisite  time  by 
his  own  unaided  industry,  and  he  employs  men  to 
assist  him,  often  subletting  again,  and  such 
assistant  men  will  earn  perhaps  but  45.  a  day. 
It  is  the  same  with  the  doors,  the  staircases,  the 
balustrades,  the  window-frames,  the  room-skirt- 
ings, the  closets ;  in  short,  all  parts  of  the  building. 

The  subletting  is  accomplished  without  diffi- 
culty. Old  men  are  sometimes  employed  in  such 
work,  and  will  be  glad  of  any  remuneration  to 
escape  the  workhouse ;  while  stronger  workmen  are 
usually  sanguine  that  by  extra  exertion,  "  though 
the  figure  is  low,  they  may  make  a  tidy  thing  out 
of  it  after  all."  In  this  way  labour  is  cheapened. 
"  Lump"  work,  "  piece"  work,  work  by  "  the  job," 
are  all  portions  of  the  contract  system.  The  prin- 
ciple is  the  same.  "  Here  is  this  work  to  be  done, 
what  will  you  undertake  to  do  it  for?" 

In  number  after  number  of  the  Builder  will  be 
found  statements  headed  "Blind  Builders."  One 
firm,  responding  to  an  advertisement  for  "esti- 
mates" of  the  building  of  a  church,  sends  in  an 
offer  to  execute  the  work  in  the  best  style  for 
5000L  Another  firm  may  offer  to  do  it  for  some- 
where about  3000/.  The  first-mentioned  firm 
would  do  the  work  well,  paying  the  "honourable" 
rate  of  wages.  The  under-working  firm  must  re- 
sort to  the  scamping  and  subletting  system  I  have 
alluded  to.  It  appears  that  the  building  of 
churches  and  chapels,  of  all  denominations,  is  one 
of  the  greatest  encouragement  to  slop,  or  scamp,  or 
under-paid  work.  The  same  system  prevails  in 
many  trades  with  equally  pernicious  effects. 

"  If  you  will  allow  me,"  says  a  correspondent, 
"I  would  state  that  there  is  one  cause  of  hardship 


LONDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


331 


and  suffering  to  the  labouring  or  handicraftsman, 
which,  to  ray  mind,  is  far  more  productive  of 
distress  and  poor-grinding  than  any  other,  or  than 
all  other  causes  put  together :  I  allude  to  the  con- 
tract system,  and  especially  in  reference  to  print- 
ing. Depend  upon  it,  sir,  the  father  of  wicked- 
ness himself  could  not  devise  a  more  malevolent 
or  dishonest  course  than  that  now  very  generally 
ivirsued  by  those  who  should  be,  of  all  others, 
the  friends  of  the  poor  and  working  man.  The 
(jovernment  and  the  great  West-end  clubs  have 
reduced  their  transactions  to  such  a  low  level  in 
this  respect  that  it  seems  to  be  the  only  question 
with  them.  Who  will  work  lowest  or  supply  goods 
a:  the  lowest  figure  ?  And  this,  too,  totally  irre- 
spective of  the  circumstance  whether  it  may  not 
reduce  wages  or  bankrupt  the  contractor.  No 
matter  whether  a  party  who  has  executed  the 
work  required  for  yeirs  be  noted  for  paj'ing  a 
fair  and  remunerating  price  to  his  workmen  or 
sub-tradesmen,  and  bears  the  character  of  a  re- 
sponsible and  trustworthy  man — all  this  is  as 
nothing ;  for  somebody,  who  may  be,  for  aught 
that  is  cared,  deficient  in  all  these  points,  will  do 
what  is  needful  at  so  much  less ;  and  then, 
unless  willing  to  reduce  the  wage  of  his  work- 
people, the  long-employed  tradesman  has  but  the 
alternative  of  losing  his  business  or  cheating  his 
creditors.  And  then,  to  give  a  smack  to  the 
whole  af&ir,  the  '  Stationery  Office'  of  the  Go- 
vernment, or  the  committee  of  the  club,  will 
congratulate  themselves  and  their  auditors  on 
the  fact  that  a  diminution  in  e-xpenses  has  been 
etfected ;  a  result  commemorated  perhaps  by  an 
addition  of  salary  to  the  officials  in  the  former 
case,  and  of  a  'cordial  vote  of  thanks'  in  the 
latter.  I  do  not  write  *  without  book,'  I  can 
assure  you,  on  these  matters ;  for  I  have  long  and 
earnestly  watched  tlie  subject,  and  could  fill  many 
a  page  with  the  details." 

Of  the  ruinous  effects  of  the  contract  system  in 
connection  with  the  army  clothing,  Mr.  Pearse,'  the 
array  clothier,  gave  the  following  evidence  before  the 
Select  Committee  on  Army  and  Navy  Appointments. 

"  When  the  contract  for  soldier's  great  coats  was 
ipened,  Mr.  Maberly  took  if  at  the  same  price  (13.?.) 
in  December,  1808  ;  this  shows  the  effect  of  wild 
competition.  In  February  following,  Esdailes' 
house,   who  were  accoutrement  makers,  and  not 

•  \; -rs,  got  knowledge  of  what  was  Mr.  Maberly's 
and  tke>/  tendered  at  12*.  G^^iL  a  month 
.;:  .  virds;  it  was  evidently  then  a  struggle  for 
tae  price,  and  how  the  quality  the  least  good  (if 
•xc  miy  use  such  a  terra)  could  pass.  Mr.  Maberly 
:  i  /t  like  to  be  outbidden  by  Esdailes;  Esdailes 
I  sub$tquetUl>/,  and  Mr.  Maberly  bid  12^.  6d. 
i  jic-  months  after,  and  Mr.  Dixon  bid  again, 
and  got  the  contract  for  11*.  Zd.  in  October,  and 
in  December  of  that  year  another  public  tender 
took  place,  and  Messrs.  A.  and  D.  Cock  took  it  at 
11*.  5i</.,  aiid  thttf  tuhseqwnthj  hmlf.  It  went 
on   in  this  sort  of  way, — <h.»!.  m  every 

two  or  every  three  months,  by  '  st  each 

other.     Presently,  though  it    .....   „ .lud  that 

t  le  great  coat  was  to  wear  four  yean,  it  was  found 


i\i7kX  those  great  coats  iccrs  so  inferior  in  quality, 
that  they  wore  only  two  years,  and  representations 
were  accordingly  made  to  the  Commander-in-Chief, 
when  it  was  found  necessary  that  great  care  should 
be  taken  to  go  back  to  the  original  good  quality 
that  had  been  established  by  the  Duke  of  York." 

Mr.  Shaw,  another  array  clothier,  and  a  gentle- 
man with  whose  friendship,  I  am  proud  to  say,  I 
have  been  honoured  since  the  commencement  of 
my  inquiries — a  gentleman  actuated  by  the  most 
kindly  and  Christian  impulses,  and  of  whom  the 
workpeople  sp^ak  in  terras  of  the  highest  admira- 
tion and  regard;  this  gentleman,  impressed  with  a 
deep  sense  of  the  evils  of  the  contract  system  to 
the  under-paid  and  over-worked  operatives  of  his 
trade,  addressed  a  letter  to  the  Chairman  of  the 
Committee  on  Array,  Navy,  and  Ordnance  Esti- 
mates, from  which  the  following  are  extracts:  — 

"  My  Lord,  my  object  more  particularly  is,  to 
request  your  lordship  will  submit  to  the  committee, 
as  an  evidence  of  the  evils  of  contracts,  the  great 
coat  sent  herewith,  made  similar  to  those  supplied 
to  the  army,  and  I  would  respectfully  appeal  to 
them  as  men,  gentlemen,  as  ChristiaJis,  whether 
fivepence,  the  price  now  being  given  to  poor  females 
for  making  up  those  coats,  is  a  fair  and  just  price 
for  six,  seven,  and  eight  hours'  work.  .  .  . 
My  Lord,  the  misery  amongst  the  rcorkpeople  is 
most  distressing — of  a  mass  of  people,  willing  to 
work,  who  cannot  obtain  it,  and  of  a  mass,  espe- 
cially women,  most  iniquitously  paid  for  their 
labour,  who  are  in  a  state  of  oppression  disgraceful 
to  the  Legislature,  the  Government,  the  Church, 

and   the  consuming  public I  would, 

therefore,  most  humbly  and  earnestly  call  upon 
your  lordship,  and  the  other  members  of  the  com- 
mittee, to  recommend  an  immediate  stop  to  be  2mt 
to  the  system  of  contracting  now  pursued  by  the 
different  government  departments,  as  being  one  of 
false  economy,  as  a  system  most  oppressive  to  the 
poor,  and  being  most  injurious,  in  every  way,  to 
the  best  interests  of  the  country." 

In  another  place  the  same  excellent  gentleman 
says : — 

"  I  could  refer  to  the  screwing  down  of  other 
things  by  the  government  authorities,  but  the 
above  will  be  sufficient  to  show  hoio  cruelly  the 
workpeople  employed  in  making  up  this  clothing 
are  opj^ressed;  and  some  of  the  vien  xcill  tell  you 
they  are  tired  of  life.  Last  week  I  found  one  man 
making  a  country  police  coat,  who  said  his  wife 
and  child  were  out  begging." 

The  last  mentioned  of  the  several  modes  of 
cheapening  labour  is  the  "small-master  system" 
of  work,  that  is  to  say,  the  operatives  taking 
to  make  up  materials  on  their  own  account  rather 
than  for  capitalist  employers.  In  every  trade 
where  there  arii  small  masters,  trades  into  which  it 
requires  but  little  capital  to  embark,  there  is  cer- 
tain to  be  a  cheapening  of  labour.  Such  a  man 
works  himself,  and  to  get  work,  to  meet  the  exi- 
gences of  the  rent  and  the  demands  of  the  collec- 
tors of  the  parliamentary  and  parochial  taxes,  he 
will  often  underwork  the  very  journeymen  whom 
he  occasionally  employs,  doing  "  the  job"  in  such 


33' 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


cases  with  the  assistance  of  his  family  and  appren- 
tices, at  a  less  rate  of  profit  than  the  amount  of 
journeymen's  wages. 

Conceminof  these  garret  masters  I  said,  when 
treating  of  the  Cabinet  trade,  in  the  Chronicle, 
"  The  cause  of  the  extraordinarj'  decline  of  wages 
in  the  Cabinet  trade  (even  though  the  hands  de- 
creased and  the  work  increased  to  an  unprece- 
dented extent)  will  be  found  to  consist  in  the  in- 
crease that  has  taken  place  within  the  last  20  years 
of  what  are  called  *  garret  masters'  in  the  cabinet 
trade.  These  garret  masters  are  a  class  of  small 
'  trade-working  masters,'  the  same  as  the  *  chamber 
masters'  in  the  shoe  trade,  supplying  both  capital 
and  labour.  They  are  in  maiuifacture  what  '  the 
peasant  proprietors'  are  in  agriculture — their  own 
employers , and  their  own  workmen.  There  is, 
however,  this  one  marked  distinction  between  the 
two  classes — the  garret  master  cannot,  like  the 
peasant  proprietor,  eat  what  he  produces  ;  the  con- 
sequence is,  that  he  is  obliged  to  convert  each  arti- 
cle into  food  immediately  he  manufactures  it — no 
matter  what  the  stats  of  the  market  may  be.  The 
capital  of  the  garret  master  being  generally  suffi- 
cient to  find  him  in  materials  for  the  manufiicture  of 
only  one  article  at  a  time,  and  his  savings  being 
but  barely  enough  for  his  subsistence  while  he  is 
engaged  in  putting  those  materials  together,  he  is 
compelled,  the  moment  the  work  is  completed,  to 
part  with  it  for  whatever  he  can  get.  He  cannot 
afford  to  keep  it  even  a  day,  for  to  do  so  is  gene- 
rally to  remain  a  day  unfed.  Hence,  if  the  market 
be  at  all  slack,  he  has  to  force  a  sale  by  offering 
his  goods  at  the  lowest  possible  price.  What 
wonder,  then,  that  the  necessities  of  such  a  class 
of  individuals  should  have  created  a  special  race 
of  employers,  known  by  the  significant  name  of 
'slaughter-house  men' — or  that  these,  being  aware 
of  the  inability  of  the  'garret  masters'  to  hold  out 
against  any  olfer,  no  matter  how  slight  a  remune- 
ration it  aftbrds  for  their  labour,  should  continually 
lower  and  lower  their  prices,  until  the  entire  body 
of  the  competitive  portion  of  the  cabinet  trade  is 
sunk  in  utter  destitution  and  misery  1  Moreover, 
it  is  well  known  how  strong  is  the  stimulus  among 
peasant  proprietors,  or,  indeed,  any  class  working 
for  themselves,  to  extra  production.  So  it  is,  in- 
deed, with  the  garret  masters ;  their  industry  is 
almost  incessant,  and  hence  a  greater  quantity  of 
work  is  turned  out  by  them,  and  continually  forced 
into  the  market,  than  there  would  otherwise  be. 
What  though  tliere  be  a  brisk  and  a  slack  season 
in  the  cabinet-maker's  trade  as  in  the  majority  of 
others  ] — slack  or  brisk,  the  garret  masters'  must 
produce  the  same  excessive  quantity  of  goods.  In 
the  hope  of  extricating  himself  from  his  over- 
whelming poverty,  he  toils  on,  producing  more  and 
more — and  yet  the  more  he  produces  the  more 
hopeless  does  his  position  become  ;  for  the  greater 
the  stock  that  he  thrusts  into  the  market,  the 
lower  does  the  price  of  his  labour  fall,  until  at  last, 
he  and  his  whole  family  work  for  less  than  half 
what  he  himself  could  earn  a  few  years  back  by 
his  own  unaided  labour." 

The  small-master  system  of  work  leads,  like  the 
domestic  system,  with  which,  indeed,  it  is  inti- 


mately connected,  to  the  employment  of  wives, 
children,  and  apprentices,  as  a  means  of  assistance 
and  extra  production — for  as  the  prices  decline  so 
do  the  small  masters  strive  by  further  labour  to 
compensate  for  their  loss  of  income. 

Such,  then,  are  the  several  modes  of  work  by 
which  labour  is  cheapened.  There  are,  as  we 
have  seen,  but  two  ways  of  directli/  effecting  this, 
viz.,  first  by  making  men  do  more  work  for  the 
same  pay,  and  secondly,  by  making  them  do  the 
same  work  for  less  pay.  The  way  in  which  men 
are  made  to  do  more,  it  has  been  pointed  out,  is,  by 
causing  them  either  to  work  longer  or  quicker,  or 
else  by  employing  fewer  hands  in  proportion  to  the 
work  ;  or  engaging  them  only  for  such  time  as 
their  services  are  required,  and  discharging  them 
immediately  afterwards.  These  constitute  the 
several  modes  of  economizing  labour,  which  lowers 
the  rate  of  remuneration  (the  ratio  of  the  pay  to 
the  Avork)  rather  than  the  pay  itself.  The  several 
means  by  which  this  result  is  attained  are  termed 
"  systems  of  work,  production,  or  engagement," 
and  such  are  those  above  detailed. 

Now  it  is  a  necessity  of  these  several  systems, 
though  the  actual  amount  of  remuneration  is  not 
directly  reduced  by  them,  that  a  cheaper  labour 
should  be  obtained  for  carrying  them  out.  Thus, 
in  contract  or  lump  work,  perhaps,  the  price  may 
not  be  immediately  lowered ;  the  saving  to  the 
employer  consisting  chiefly  in  supervision,  he 
having  in  such  a  case  only  one  man  to  look  to 
instead  of  perhaps  a  hundred.  The  contractor; 
or  lumper,  however,  is  differently  situated ;  he,  in 
order  to  reap  any  benefit  from  the  contract,  must, 
since  he  cannot  do  the  whole  work  himself,  employ 
others  to  help  him,  and  to  reap  any  benefit  from 
the  contract,  this  of  course  must  be  done  at  a  lower 
price  than  he  himself  receives ;  so  it  is  with  the  , 
middleman  system,  where  a  profit  is  derived  from 
the  labour  of  other  operatives ;  so,  again,  with  the 
domestic  system  of  work,  where  the  several  mem- 
bers of  the  family,  or  cheaper  labourers,  are  gene- 
rally eraploj'ed  as  assistants;  and  even  so  is  it 
with  the  small-master  system,  where  the  labour  of 
apprentices  and  wives  and  children  is  the  principal 
means  of  help.  Hence  the  operatives  adopting 
these  several  systems  of  work  are  rather  the  in- 
struments by  which  cheap  labour  is  obtained  than 
the  cheap  labourers  themselves.  It  is  true  that  a 
sweater,  a  chamber  master,  or  garret  master,  a 
lumper  or  contractor,  or  a  home  worker,  generally 
works  cheaper  than  the  ordinary  operatives,  but 
this  he  does  chiefly  by  the  cheap  labourers  he  em- 
ploys, and  then,  finding  that  he  is  able  to  under- 
work the  rest  of  the  trade,  and  that  the  more 
hands  he  employs  the  greater  becomes  his  profit, 
he  offers  to  do  work  at  less  than  the  usual  rate. 
It  is  not  a  necessity  of  the  system  that  the  middle- 
man operative,  the  domestic  worker,  the  lumper, 
or  garret  master  should  be  himself  underpaid,  but 
simply  that  he  should  employ  others  who  are  so, 
and  it  is  thus  that  such  systems  of  work  tend  to 
cheapen  the  labour  of  those  trades  in  whicli  they 
are  found  to  prevail.  Who,  then,  are  the  cheap 
labourers  ] — who  the    individuals,    by   means    of 


'LOXDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


333 


whose  sen-ices  the  sweater,  the  smaller  master, 
the  lumper,  and  others,  is  enabled  to  underwork 
tiie  rest  of  his- trade  ? — what  the  general  character- 
istics of  those  who,  in  the  majority  of  handicrafts, 
are  found  ready  to  do  the  same  work  for  less  pay, 
and  how  are  these  usually  distinguished  from  such 
as  obtain  the  higher  rate  of  remuneration  ? 

Th(  cheap  vorhaen  in  all  trades,  I  tind,  are 
divisible  into  three  classes  : — 

1.  The  unskilful. 

2.  The  untrustworthy. 

3.  The  inexpensive. 
First,  as  regards  the  unskilful.     Long  ago  it  has 

Lcea  noticed  how  frequently  boys  were  put  to 
trades  to  which  their  tastes  and  temperaments  were 
antagonistic.  Gay,  who  in  his  quiet,  unpretending 
style  often  elicited  a  truth,  tells  how  a  century  and 
a  half  ago  the  generality  of  parents  never  consi- 
dered for  what  business  a  boy  was  best  adapted — 

"  But  ev'n  in  infancy  decree 
What  this  or  t'other  son  shall  be.' ' 

A  boy  thus  brought  up  to  a  craft  for  which  he 
entertains  a  dislike  can  hardly  become  a  proficient 
in  it.  At  the  present  time  thousands  of  parents 
are  glad  to  have  their  sons  reared  to  anti  business 
which  their  means  or  opportunities  place  within 
their  reach,  even  though  the  lad  be  altogether  un- 
siuted  to  the  craft.  The  consequence  is,  that  these 
boys  often  grow  up  to  be  unskilful  workmen. 
There  are  technical  tenns  for  them  in  different 
trades,  but  perhaps  the  generic  appellation  is 
'•■  muffa."  Such  workmen,  however  well  conducted, 
1  nirely  obtain  employment  in  a  good  shop  at 
1  wages,  and  are  compelled,  therefore,  to  accept 
iid,  third,  and  fourth-rate  wages,  and  are  often 
en  to  slop  work, 
ether  causes  may  be  cited  as  tending  to  form 
unskilful  workmen  :  the  neglect  of  masters  or  fore- 
men, or  their  incapacity  to  teach  apprentices  ;  irre- 
!  gular  habits  in  the  learner  ;  and  insuHicient  prac- 
I  tice  durin?  a  master's  paucity  of  emplojTnent  I 
am  assured,  moreover,  that  hundreds  of  mechanics 
yearly  come  to  London  from  the  country  parLi, 
whose  skill  is  altogether  inadecjiunte  to  the  de- 
mands of  the"  honourable  trade."  Of  course,  during 
the  tinishingof  their  educ:ition  they  can  only  work 
for  inferior  shops  at  inferior  wages  ;  hence  another 
cause  of  cheap  labour.  Of  this  I  will  cite  an  in- 
stance: a  bootmaker,  who  for  years  had  worked 
for  first-rate  West-end  shops,  told  me  that  when 
he  came  to  London  from  a  country  town  he  was 
sanguine  of  success.  Ix'cause  he  knew  that  he  was 
a  ready  man  (a  quick  workman.)  He  very  soon 
found  out,  however,  he  said,  that  as  he  aspired  to 
do  the  best  worl:.  he  "  had  his  business  to  learn 
all  over  again;"  and  until  he  attained  the  requisite 
skill,  be  worked  for  "  just  what  he  could  get :"  he 
was  a  cheap,  because  then  an  unskilful,  labourer. 

There  is,  moreover,  the  cheaper  labour  of  ap- 
prentices, the  great  prop  of  many  a  slop-tmder; 

for  n*   "•"  ■ -      i;  -    -xrd  all  the   niceties  of 

wor  the  solidity  and  per- 

fect i  -Ming  it,  as  k  was  once 

destrjbed  t<>  ui«,  "  jubl  Ut  ilie  eye"),  a  hid  is  soon 
made  useful,  and  his  labour  remunerative  to  his 


j  master,  as  far  as  slop  remuneration  goes,  which, 
[  though  small  in  a  small  business,  is  wealth  in  a 
j  "  monster  business." 

I       There  are,  again,  the  "improvers."     These  are 
'  the  most  frequent  in  the  dress-making  and  milli- 
nery business,  as  young  women  tind  it  impossible 
i  to  form  a  good  connection  among  a  wealthier  class 
'•  of  ladies  in  any  country  town,  unless  the  "  patron- 
esses "  are  satisfied  that  their  skiM  and  taste  have 
:  been  perfected  in  London.     In  my  inquiry  (in  the 
I  course  of  two   letters  in  the  Morning  Chronicle) 
,  into  the  condition  of  the  workwomen  in  this  call- 
j  ing,  1  Avas  told  by  a  retired  dressmaker,  who  hud 
j  for  upwards  of  twenty  years  carried  on  business 
i  in   the  neighbourhood  of  Grosvenorsquare,   that 
she  had  sometimes  met  with  "  improvers"  so  taste- 
1  ful  and  quick,  from  a  good  provincial  tuition,  that 
I  they  Had  really  little  or  nothing  to  learn  in  Lon- 
'  don.     And  yet  their  services  were  secured  for  one, 
and  oftener  for  two   years,  merely  for  board  and 
I  lodging,  while  others  employed  in   the  same  esta- 
i  blishment  had  not  only  board  and   lodging,  but 
I  handsome  salaries.     The  improver's,  then,  is  gene- 
I  rally  u  cheap  labour,  and  often  a  very  cheap  labour 
too.  The  same  form  of  cheap  labour  prevails  in  the 
carpenter's  trade. 

There  is,  moreover,  the  labour  of  old  men.  A 
tailor,  for  instance,  who  may  have  executed  the 
most  skilled  work  of  his  craft,  in  his  old  age,  or 
before  the  period  of  old  age,  finds  his  eyesight  fail 
him, — finds  his  tremulous  fingers  have  not  a  full 
and  rapid  mastery  of  the  needie,  and  he  tiien  la- 
bours, at  greatly  reduced  rates  of  payment,  on  the 
making  of  soldiers'  clothing — "sane- work,"  *  as  it 
is  called — or  on  any  ill-paid  and  therefore  ill- 
wrought  labour. 

The  inferior,  as  regards  the  quality  of  the  work, 
and  under-paid  class  of  women,  in  tailoring,  for 
example,  again,  cheapen  labour.  It  is  che;ipened, 
also,  by  the  employment  of  Irishmen  (in,  perhaps, 
all  branches  of  skilled  or  unskilled  labour),  and  of 
foreigners,  more  especially  of  Poles,  who  are  infe- 
rior workmen  to  the  English,  and  who  will  work 
very  cheap,  thus  supplying  a  low-price  labour  to 
those  who  seek  it. 

I  may  remark  further,  that  if  a  first-rate  work- 
man be  driven  to  slop  work,  he  soon  loses  his  skill; 
he  can  only  work  slop;  this  has  been  shown  over 
and  over  again,  and  so  his  labour  becomes  cheap 
in  the  mart. 

2.  Of  Unlrusiworihy  Labour  (as  a  cause  of 
!  cheap  labour)  I  need  not  say  much.  It  is  ob- 
j  vious  that  a  drunken,  idle,  or  dishonest  workman 
t  or  workwoman,  when  pressed  by  want,  will  and 
mu.st  labour,  not  for  the  recompense  t)ie  labour 
;  merits,  but  for  wiiatever  pittance  an  employer  will 
!  accord.  There  is  no  reliance  to  be  placed  in  him. 
j  Such  a  man  cannot  "  hold  out"  for  terms,  for  he  is 
I  perhaps  starving,  and  it  is  known  that  "  he  cannot 
'  be  depended  upon."  In  the  sweep's  trade  many 
j  of  those  who  work  at  a  lower  rate  than  the  rest  of 

I  *  The  tcnn  mnc  in  "  &anc-work  "  i8  the  Norman 
word  for  hhxxi  (Latin,  «»»^iii«;  Fnnch,  »aiif(\,  so  that 
"  sane-work  "  means,  literally,  hlocMiy  work,  this  calJcd 
either  from  tlic  san^iitiary  tra<le  of  the  soldier,  or  from 
the  blood-red  colour  of  the  cloth. 


334 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  trade  are  men  who  have  lost  their  regular 
work  by  dishonesty. 

3.  The  Inexpensive  class  of  workpeople  are  very 

numerous.     They  consist  of  three  sub-divisions  :— 

(a.)  Those  who  have  been  accustomed  to  a 

coarser  kind  of  diet,  and  who,  consequently, 

requiring  less,  can  afford  to  work  for  less. 
(b.)  Those  Afho  derive  their  subsistence  from 

other  sources,  and  who,  consequently,  do 

not  live  by  their  labour, 
(c.)  Those  who  are  in  receipt  of  certain  "aids 

to  their  wages,"  or  who  have  other  means 

of  living  beside  their  work. 
Of  course  these  causes  can  alone  have  influence 
where  the  wages  are  minimized  or  reduced  to  the 
lowest  ebb  of  subsistence,  in  which  case  they  be- 
come so  many  means  of  driving  down  the  price  of 
labour  still  lower. 

a.  Those  who,  being  what  is  designated  hard- 
reared  that  is  to  sny,  accustomed  to  a  scantier  or 
coarser  diet,  and  who,  therefore,  "  can  do  "  with  a 
less  quantity  or  less  expensive  quality  of  food  than 
the  average  run  of  labourers,  can  of  course  live  at  a 
lower  cost,  and  so  afford  to  work  at  a  lower  rate. 
Among  such  (unskilled)  labourers  are  the  pea- 
sants from  many  of  the  counties,  who  seek  to 
amend  their  condition  by  obtaining  emplojTnent 
in  the  towns.  I  will  instance  the  agricultural 
labourers  of  Dorsetshire. 

"  Bread  and  potatoes,"  writes  Mr.  Thornton, 
in  his  work  on  Over-Population  and  its  Remedy, 
p.  21,  "do  really  form  the  staple  of  their  food. 
As  for  meat,  most  of  them  would  not  know  its 
taste,  if,  cnce  or  twice  in  the  course  of  their  lives, 
— on  the  squire's  having  a  son  and  heir  born  to 
him,  or  on  the  young  gentleman's  coming  of  age, — 
they  were  not  regaled  with  a  dinner  of  what  the 
newspapers  call  '  old  English  fare.'  Some  of  them 
contrive  to  have  a  little  bacon,  in  the  proportion, 
it  seems,  of  half  a  2>otmd  a  week  to  a  dozen  per- 
sons, but  they  more  commonly  use  fat  to  give 
the  potatoes  a  relish  ;  and,  as  one  of  them  said  to 
Mr.  Austin  (a  commissioner),  they  don't  always 
go  without  cheese.'  " 

With  many  poor  Irishmen  the  rearing  has  been 
still  harder.  I  had  some  conversation  with  an 
Irish  rubbish-carter,  who  had  been  thrown  out  of 
work  (and  was  entitled  to  no  allowance  from  any 
trade  society)  in  consequence  of  a  strike  by  Mr. 
Myers's  men.  On  my  asking  him  how  he  sub- 
sisted in  Ireland,  "  Will,  thin,  sir,"  he  said,  "and 
it 's  God's  truth,  I  once  lived  for  days  on  green 
things  I  picked  up  by  the  road  side,  and  the 
turnips,  and  that  sort  of  mate  I  stole  from  the 
fields.  It  was  called  staling,  but  it  was  the 
hunger,  'deed  was  it.  That  was  in  the  county 
Limerick,  sir,  in  the  famine  and  'viction  times  ; 
and,  glory  be  to  God,  I  'scaped  when  others 
didn't," 

I  may  observe  that  the  chief  local  paper,  the 
Limerick  and  Clare  Examiner,  published  twice 
a  week,  gave,  twice  a  week,  at  the  period  of 
"  the  famine  and  evictions,"  statements  similar  to 
that  of  my  informant. 

Now,  would  not  a  poor  man,  reared  as  the 


Limerick  peasant  I  have  spoken  of,  who  was' 
^actually  driven  to  eat  the  grass,  which  biblical 
history  shows  was  once  a  signal  punishment  to  a 
great  offender — would  not  such  a  man  work  for 
the  veriest  dole,  rather  than  again  be  subjected 
to  the  pangs  of  hunger?  In  my  inquiries  among 
the  costerraongers,  one  of  them  said  of  the  Irish 
in  his  trade,  and  without  any  bitterness,  "  they  '11 
work  for  nothing,  and  live  on  less."  The  meaning 
is  obvious  enough,  although  the  assertion  is,  of 
course,  a  contradiction  in  itself. 

"  This  department  of  labour,"  says  Mr.  Baines,in 
his  History  of  the  Hand-Loom  Weavers,  is  "greatly 
overstocked,  and  the  price  necessarily  falls.  The 
evil  is  aggravated  by  the  multitudes  of  Irish  who 
have  flocked  into  Lancashire,  some  of  whom,  having 
been  linen  weavers,  naturally  resort  to  the  loom, 
and  others  learn  to  weave  as  the  easiest  employ- 
ment they  can  adopt.  Accustomed  to  a  wretched 
mode  of  living  in  their  own  country,  they  are  con- 
tented with  wages  that  would  starve  an  English 
labourer.  They  have,  in  fact,  so  lowered  the  rate 
of  wages  as  to  drive  many  of  the  English  out  of 
the  employment,  and  to  drag  down  those  who 
remain  in  it  to  their  own  level." 

I.  Those  who  derive  their  subsistence  from 
other  sources  can,  of  course,  afford  to  work  cheaper 
than  those  who  have  to  live  by  their  labour.  To 
this  class  belongs  the  labour  of  wives  and  chil- 
dren, who,  being  supposed  to  be  maintained  by 
the  toil  of  the  husband,  are  never  paid  "  living 
wages"  for  what  they  do  ;  and  hence  the  misery 
of  the  great  mass  of  needlewomen,  widows,  un- 
married and  friendless  females,  and  the  like, 
who,  having  none  to  assist  them,  are  forced  to 
starve  upon  the  pittance  they  receive  for  their 
work.  The  labour  of  those  who  are  in  prisons, 
workhouses,  and  asylums,  and  who  consequently 
have  their  subsistence  found  them  in  such  places, 
as  well  as  the  work  of  prostitutes,  who  obtain 
their  living  by  other  means  than  work,  all  come 
under  the  category  of  those  who  can  afford  to 
labour  at  a  lower  rate  than  such  as  are  condemned 
to  toil  for  an  honest  living.  It  is  the  same  with 
apprentices  and  "  improvers,"  for  whose  labour 
the  instruction  received  is  generally  considered 
to  be  either  a  sufficient  or  partial  recompense,  and 
who  consequently  look  to  other  means  for  their 
support.  Under  the  same  head,  too,  may  be 
cited  the  labour  of  amateurs,  that  is  to  say,  of 
persons  who  either  are  not,  or  who  are  too  proud 
to  acknowledge  themselves,  regular  members 
of  the  trade  at  which  they  work.  Such  is  the 
case  with  very  many  of  the  daughters  of  trades- 
men, and  of  many  who  are  considered  genteel 
people.  These  young  women,  residing  with  their 
parents,  and  often  in  comfortable  homes,  at  no 
cost  to  themselves,  will,  and  do,  undersell  the 
regular  needlewomen ;  the  one  works  merely  for 
pocket-money  (often  to  possess  herself  of  some 
article  of  finery),  while  the  other  works  for  what 
is  called  "  the  bare  life." 

c.  The  last-mentioned  class,  or  those  wlio  are 
in  possession  of  what  maj'  be  called  "  aids  to 
wages,"  are  differently  circumstanced.  Such  are 
the    men  who   have   other   employment   besides 


LONDON      NIGHTMEN, 

IFrom  a  Diffuetreotffpe  by  Bkard.1 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


335 


that  for  which  they  accept  less  than  the  ordinary 
pay,  as  is  the  case  with  those  who  attend  at 
geiulemen's  houses  for  one  or  two  hours  every 
morning,  cleaning  boots,  brushing  clothes,  &c., 
and  who,  having  the  remainder  of  the  day  at  their 
own  disposal,  can  afford  to  work  at  any  calling 
cheaper  than  others,  because  not  solely  dependent 
upon  it  for  their  living. 

The  anny  and  navy  pensioners  (non-commis- 
sioned officers  and  privates)  were,  at  one  period, 
on  the  disbanding  of  the  militia  and  other  forces, 
a  very  numerous  body,  but  it  was  chiefly  the 
military  pensioners  whose  position  had  an  effect 
upon  the  labour  of  the  country.  The  naval  pen- 
sioners found  employment  as  fishermen,  or  in  some 
avocation  connected  with  the  sea.  The  military 
pensioners,  however,  were  men  who,  after  a 
career  of  soldiership,  were  not  generally  disposed 
to  settle  down  into  the  drudgery  of  regular  work, 
even  if  it  were  in  their  power  to  do  so ;  and  so, 
as  they  always  had  their  pensions  to  depend 
upon,  they  were  a  sort  of  universal  jobbers,  and 
jobbed  cheaply.  At  the  present  time,  however, 
this  means  of  cheap  labour  is  greatly  restricted, 
compared  with  what  was  the  case,  the  number  of 
the  pensioners  being  considerably  diminished. 
Many  of  the  army  pensioners  turn  the  wheels  for 
turners  .at  present 

The  allotment  of  gardens,  which  yield  a  partial 
support  to  the  allottee,  are  another  means  of 
cheap  labour.  The  allotment  demands  a  certain 
portion  of  time,  but  is  by  no  means  a  thorough 
employment,  but  merely  an  "  aid,"  and  conse- 
quently a  means,  to  low  wages.  Such  a  man  has 
the  advantage  of  obtaining  his  potatoes  and  vege- 
tables at  the  cheapest  rate,  and  so  can  afford  to 
work  cheaper  than  other  men  of  his  diss.  It 
was  the  same  formerly  with  those  who  received 
"  relief"  under  the  old  Poor-Law. 

And  even  under  the  present  system  it  has  been 
found  that  the  same  practice  is  attended  with  the 
same  result.  In  the  Sixth  Annual  Report  of  the 
Poor-Law  Commissioners,  1840,  at  p.  31,  there  are 
the  following  remarks  on  the  subject : — 

*'  Whilst  upon  the  subject  of  relief  to  widows 
in  aid  of  wages,  we  mnst  not  omit  to  bring  under 
yoar  Lordship's  notice  an  illustration  of  the 
lUpretsing  efect  which  is  produced  by  the  prac- 
tice of  gt>-ing  relief  in  aid  of  wages  to  widows 
upon  the  earnings  of  females.  Colonel  A'Court 
y'.atos:  — 

"  '  As  regards  females,  the  instince  to  which  I 
have  alluded  presents  itself  in  the  Portsea  Island 
Tnion,  where,  from  the  insufficiency  of  workhouse 
■  .as  well  as  from  benevolent  feel- 

-.vances  of  1*.  Gd.  or  2s.  a  week 
....  K  ■  •'  <"  Widows  with  or  without  small  chil- 
dren, or  to  married  women  deserted  by  their 
hasbands.  Having  this  certain  inrome,  however 
small,  they  are  enabled  to  work  at  lower  wages 
than  tkou  who  do  not  posteu  this  advaniage. 
The  consequence  is,  &  "  *ition  has  enabled 

the  shirt  and  stay  ni  .  who  abound  in 

the  Union,  and  who  i  .  „';eat  mcmsure  the 

London  ai  well  as  many  foreign  market*  with 
these  articles  of  their  tr.ule,  to  get  their  work 


done  at  the  extraordinary  low  prices  of — stays, 
complete,  9d. ;  shirts,  from  Is.  to  I*.  Qd.  per 
dozen. 

" '  The  women  all  declare  that  they  cannot 
possibly,  after  working  from  twelve  to  fifteen 
hours  per  day,  earn  more  than  Is.  6d.  per  week. 
The  manufacturers  assert  that,  by  steady  work, 
is.  to  6s.  a  week  may  be  earned  under  ordinary 
circumstances. 

"  *  In'the  meantime  (he  demand  for  workicomen 
increases,  and  it  is  by  no  means  unusual  to  see 
hand-bills  posted  over  the  town  requiring  from 
500  to  1000  additional  stitchers.'" 

Such,  then,  is  the  character  of  the  cheap  workers 
in  all  trades ;  go  where  we  will,  we  shall  find  the 
low-priced  labour  of  the  trade  to  consist  of  either 
one  or  other  of  the  three  classes  above-mentioned  ; 
while  the  means  by  which  this  labour  is  brought 
into  operation  will  be  generally  by  one  of  the 
"  systems  of  work "  before  specified. 

The  cheap  labour  of  the  rubbish-carters'  trade 
appears  to  be  a  consequence  of  two  distinct  ante- 
cedents, viz.,  casual  labour  and  the  prevalence  of 
the  contract  system  among  builder's  work.  The 
small-master  system  also  appears  to  have  some 
influence  upon  it. 

First  as  regards  the  influence  of  casual  labour 
in  reducing  the  ordinary  rate  of  wages. 

The  tables  given  at  p.  290,  vol.  ii.,  showing  the 
wages  paid  to  the  rubbish-carters,  present  what  ap- 
pears, and  indeed  is,  a  strange  discrepancy  of  pay- 
ment to  the  labourers  in  rubbish-carting.  About 
three-fourths  of  the  rubbish-carters  throughout 
Landonreceive  18s.  weekly,  when  in  work;  in 
Hampstead,  however,  the  rate  of  their  wages  is 
(uniformly)  20s.  a  week;  in  Lambeth  (but  less 
uniformly),  it  is  19s.;  in  Wandsworth,  ITs. ;  in 
Islington,  16s.;  and  in  Greenwich,  14s.  and  12s. 
The  character  of  the  work,  whether  executed 
for  12s.  or  20s.  weekly,  is  the  same;  why,  then, 
can  a  rubbish-carter,  who  works  at  Hampstead, 
earn  8s.  a  week  more  than  one  who  works  at 
Greenwich?  An  employer  of  rubbish-carters,  and 
of  similar  labourers,  on  a  large  scale,  a  gentleman 
thoroughly  conversant  with  the  subject  in  all  its 
industrial  bearings,  accounts  for  the  discrepancy 
in  this  manner: — 

After  the  corn  and  the  hop-harvests  have  termi- 
nated, there  is  always  an  influx  of  unskilled 
labourers  into  Gnivesend,  Woolwich,  and  Green- 
wich. These  are  the  men  who,  from  the  natural 
bent  of  their  dispositions,  or  from  the  necessity  of 
their  circumstances,  resort  to  the  casual  labour 
afforded  by  the  revolution  of  the  seasons,  when 
to  gather  the  crops  before  the  weather  may  ren- 
der the  harvest  precarious  and  its  produce  un- 
sound, is  a  matter  of  paramount  necessity,  and 
the  increase  of  hands  employed  during  this  sea- 
son is,  as  a  consequence,  proportionately  great 
The  chief  scene  of  such  labour  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  the  metropolis,  is  in  the  county  of  Kent ; 
and  on  the  cessation  of  this  work,  of  courso  there 
is  a  large  amount  of  labour  •'  turned  adrift,"  to 
seek,  the  next  fe»v  days,  for  any  casual  employment 
that  may  **  turn  up."     In  this  way,  I  am  assured, 


33t 


'LONDON LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


a  large  amount  of  cheap  and  unskilled  labour  is 
being  constantly  placed  at  the  command  of  those 
masters  who,  so  to  speak,  occupy  the  line  of  march 
to  London,  and  are,  therefore,  first  applied  to  for 
employment  by  casual  labourers;  who,  when  en- 
gaged, are  employed  as  inferior,  or  unskilful, 
workmen,  at  an  inferior  rate  of  remuneration. 
Greenwich  may  be  looked  upon  as  the  first  stage 
or  halt  for  casual  labourers,  on  their  way  to  Lon- 
don. 

My  informant  assured  me,  as  the  result  of  his 
own  observations,  that  an  English  labourer  would, 
as  a  general  rule,  execute  more  work  by  one-sixth, 
in  a  week,  than  an  Irish  labourer  (a  large  propor- 
tion of  the  casual  hands  are  Irish) ;  that  is,  the 
extent  of  work  which  would  occupj'  the  Irishman 
six,  would  occupy  the  Englishman  but  five  days, 
were  it  so  calculated.  The  Englishman  was,  how- 
ever, usually  more  skilled  and  persevering,  and 
far  more  to  be  depended  upon.  So  different  was 
the  amount  of  work,  even  in  rubbish-carting, 
between  an  able  and  experienced  hand  and  one 
unused  to  the  toil,  or  one  inadequate  from  want  of 
alertness  or  bodily  strength,  or  anyi^other  cause, 
to  its  full  and  quick  execution,  that  two  "good" 
men  in  a  week  have  done  as  much  work  as  three 
indifferent  hands.  Thus  two  men  at  I85.  weekly 
each  are  as  cheap  (only  employers  cannot  always 
see  it),  when  they  are  thorough  masters  of  their 
business,  as  three  unready  hands  at  12s.  a  week 
each.  The  misfortune,  however,  is,  that  the  12s. 
a  week  men  have  a  tendency  to  reduce  the  16s. 
to  their  level. 

^Yith  regard  to  the  difference  between  the 
wages  of  Hampstead  and  Greenwich,  I|  am  in- 
formed that  stationary  working  rubbish-carterg  are 
not  too  numerous  in  Hampstead,  which  is  consi- 
dered as  rather  ''  out  of  the  way ;"  and  as  that 
metropolitan  suburb  is  surrounded  in  every  direc- 
tion by  pasture-land  and  wood-land,  it  is  not  in 
the  line  of  resort  of  the  class  of  men  who  seek 
the  casual  labour  in  harvesting,  &c.,  of  which  I 
have  spoken;  it  is  rarely  visited  by  them,  and 
consequently,  the  regular  hands  are  less  interfered 
with  than  elsewhere,  and  wages  have  not  been 
deteriorated. 

The  mode  of  work  among  the  scurf  labourers 
differs  somewhat  from  that  of  the  honourable 
part  of  the  trade ;  the  work  executed  by  the 
scurf  masters  being  for  the  most  part  on  a  more 
limited  scale  than  that  of  the  others.  To  meet 
the  demands  of  builders  or  of  employers  gene- 
rally, when  "time"  is  an  object,  demands  the  use 
of  relays  of  men,  and  of  strong  horses.  This 
demand  the  smaller  or  scurf  master  cannot  always 
meet.  He  may  find  men,  but  not  always  horses 
and  carts,  and  he  will  often  enough  undertake 
work  beyond  his  means  and  endeavour  to  aggran- 
dise his  profits  by  screwing  his  labourers.  The 
hours  of  scurf-eraployed  labour  are  nominally  the 
same  as  the  regular  trade,  but  as  an  Irish  carter 
said,  "  it 's  ralely  the  hours  the  masther  plases,  and 
they  're  often  as  long  as  it 's  light."  The  scurf 
labourer  is  often  paid  hy  the  day,  with  "a  day's 
hire,  and  no  notice  beyond."  I  am  informed 
that  scurf  labourers  generally   work   an  hour  a 


day,  without  extra  remuneration,  longer  than  those 
in  the  honourable  trade. 

The  rubbish-carters  employed  by  the  scurf 
masters  are  not,  as  a  body,  I  am  assured,  so  badly 
paid  as  thej'  were  a  few  years  back.  It  is  rarely 
that  labouring  men  can  advance  any  feasible 
reason  for  the  changes  in  their  trade. 

One  of  ike  main  causes  of  the  deteriorated  wages 
of  the  rubbish-carters  is  the  system  of  contract- 
ing and  subletting.  This,  however,  is  but  a 
branch  of  the  ramified  system  of  subletting  in 
the  construction  of  the  "  scamped"  houses  of  the 
speculative  builders.  The  building  of  such  houses 
is  sublet,  literally  from  cellar  to  chimney.  The 
rubbish-carting  may  be  contracted  for  at  a  cer- 
tain sura.  The  contractor  may  sublet  it  to 
men  who  will  do  it  for  one-fourth  less  perhaps, 
and  who  may  sublet  the  labour  in  their  turn. 
For  instance,  the  calculation  may  be  founded  on 
the  working  men's  receiving  15s.  weekly.  A 
contractor,  a  man  possessing  a  horse,  perhaps,  and 
a  couple  of  carts,  and  hiring  another  horse,  will 
imdertake  it  on  the  knowledge  of  his  being  able 
to  engage  men  at  12s.  or  13s.  weekly,  and  so 
obtain  a  profit ;  indeed  the  reduction  of  price  in 
such  cases  must  all  come  out  of  the  labour. 

This  subletting,  I  say,  is  but  a  small  part  of  a 
gigantic  system,  and  it  is  an  unquestionable  cause 
of  the  grinding  down  of  the  rubbish-carters' 
wages,  and  that  by  a  class  who  have  generally 
been  working  men  themselves,  and  risen  to  be 
the  owners  of  one  or  two  carts  and  horses. 

From  one  of  these  men,  now  a  working  carter,  I 
had  the  following  account,  which  further  illustrates 
the  mode  of  labour  as  well  as  of  employment. 

"  I  got  a  little  a-head,"  he  stated,  "  from 
railway  jobbing  and  such  like,  and  my  father- 
in-law,  as  soon  as  I  got  married,  made  me  a 
present  of  20^.  unexpected.  I  started  for  myself, 
thinking  to  get  on  by  degrees,  and  get  a  fresh 
horse  and  cart  every  year.  But  it  couldn't  be 
done,  sir.  If  I  offered  to  take  a  contract  to  cart 
the  rubbish  and  dig  it,  a  builder  would  say, — 
'  I  can't  wait ;  you  haven't  carts  and  horses 
enough  from  your  own  account,  and  I  can't  wait. 
If  3'ou  have  to  hire  them  I  can  do  that  myself.' 
I  was  too  honest,  sir,  in  telling  the  plain  truth,  or 
I  might  have  got  more  jobs.  It 's  not  a  good 
trade  in  a  small  way,  for  if  your  horses  aren't  at 
work,  they  're  eating  their  heads  off,  and  you  're 
fretting  your  heart  out.  Then  I  got  to  do  sub-eon- 
tracting,  as  you  call  it.     No,  it  weren't  that,  it 

was  under-working.     I  'd  go  to  Mr.  V as  I 

knew,  and  say,  *  You  're  on  such  a  place,  sir,  have 
you  room  for  me  T  *  I  think  not,'  he  'd  say, '  I  've 
only  the  regular  thing  and  no  advantages — 10s.  6(?. 
for  a  day's  work,  horse  and  cart,  or  4s.  a  load.' 
Those  are  the  regular  terms.  Then  I  'd  say, 
'  We'll,  sir,  I  '11  do  it  for  8s.  6c^.,  and  be  my  own 
carman;'  and  so  perhaps  I'd  get  the  job,  and 
masters  often  say :  '  I  know  I  shall  lose  at 
10s.  M.,  but  if  I  don't,  you  shall  have  something 
over.'  Get  anything  over  !  Of  course  not,  sir,  I 
could  have  lived  if  I  had  constant  work  for  two 
horses  and  carts,  for  I  would  have  got  a  cheap 
man;  such  as  me  must  get  cheap  men  to  drive  the 


Loynoy  labour  and  the  Lo^Doy  poor. 


337 


second  cart,  and  under  my  own  eye,  whenever  I 
could ;  but  one  of  my  poor  horses  broke  his  leg, 
and  had  to  be  sent  to  the  knacker's,  and  I  sold  the 
other  and  my  carts,  and  have  worked  ever  since 
as  a  labouring  man ;  mainly  at   pipe-work.     0, 
yes,  and  rubbish-carting.     I  get  I85.  a  week  now, 
but  not  regular. 

"  Well,  sir,  I  'm  sure  I  can't  say,  and  I  think 
no  man  could  say,  how  much  there's  doing  in  sub- 
contracting.    If  I  'm  at  work  in  Cannon-street,  I 
don't  know  what 's  doing  at  Notting-hill,  or  be- 
yond   Bow   and   Stratford.       No,    I  'm    satisfied 
there  's  not  so  much  of  it  as  there  was,  but  it 's 
done  80  on  the  sly  ;  who  knows  how  much  is  done 
still,  or  how  little?     It's  a  system  as  may  be 
carried  on  a  long  time,  and  is  carried  on,  as  far  as 
men's    labour    goes,     but   it  *8    different    where 
there  "s   horses,  and  stable  rent.     They  can't  be 
screwed,  or  under-fed,  beyond  a  certain  pitch,  or 
they  couldn't  work  at  all,  and  so  there  's  not  as 
much  under-work  about  horse-labour." 

These  small  men  are  among  the  scurf  and  petty 
rubbish-carters,   and  are  often  the  means  of  de- 
pressing the  class  to  which  they  have  belonged. 

The   employment  in   the  honourable   trade  at 
rubbish-carting  would  be  one  of  the  best  among 
unskilled  labourers,  were  it  continuous.    But  it  is 
not  continuous,  and  three-fourths  of  those  engaged 
in  it  have  only  six  months"  work  at  it  in  the  year. 
In  the  scurf-masters'  employ,  the  work  is  really 
"casual,"  or,  as  I  heard  it  quite   as  often    de- 
scribed, "  chance."     In  both  departments  of  this 
trade,  the  men   out  of  work  look  for  a  job  in 
•cavagery,  and  very  generally  in  night-work,  or, 
indeed,  in  any  labour  that  offers.     The  Irish  rub- 
bish-carters   will    readily    became    hawkers    of 
apples,  oranges,  walnuts,  and  even  nuts,  when  out 
of  employ,  so  working  in  concert  with  their  wives. 
I  beard  of  only  four  instances  of  a  similar  resource 
by  the  English  rubbish-carters. 

What   I   have  said  of  the  education,  religion, 
politics,  concubinage,   &c.,  &c.,  of  the  better-paid 
rubbish-carters  would  have  but  to  be  repeated,  if 
I  described  those  of  the  under-paid.     The  latter 
may  be  more  reckless  when  they  have  the  means 
of  enjojrment,  but  their  diet,   amusements,   and 
expenditure  would  be  the  same,  were  their  means 
commensurate.    As  it  is,  they  sometimes  live  very 
barely  and   have  hardly  any  amusements  at  their 
command.     Their  dinners,  when  single  men,  are 
often  bread  and  a  saveloy  ;  when  married,  some- 
times tea  and   bread  and  butter,  and  occasionally 
some   "block    ornaments;"    the    Irish  being  the 
pri;i        "  ;:ner»  of  cheap  fish. 

t  the  wives  of  the  rubbish-carters 
n  i-i.  ...... ^   ..^.^uently  that  of  char- women   than 

of  needle-women,  for  the  great  majority  of  these 
women  before  their  marriage  were  servant-maids. 
All  the  information  I  received  was  concurrent  in 
that  respect.  The  wife  of  a  carman  who  keeps  a 
chandler's  shop  near  the  Edgeware-road,  greatly 
resorted  to  by  tbe  class  to  which  her  husband 
belonged,  told  me  that  out  of  somewhere  about  25 
wives  of  rubbish-carters  or  similar  workmen, 
whom  she  knew,  20  bad  been  domestic  servants ; 
what  tbe  others  bad  been  she  did  not  know. 


"I  can  tell  you,  sir,"  said  the  woman,  "charing 
is  far  better  than  needle-work  ;  far.  If  a  young 
woman  has  conducted  herself  well  in  service,  she 
can  get  charing,  and  then  if  she  conducts  herself 
well  again,  she  makes  good  friends.  That 's,  of 
course,  if  they  're  honest,  sir.  I  know  it  from  ex- 
perience. My  husband — before  we  were  able  to 
open  this  shop — was  in  the  hospital  a  long  time, 
and  I  went  out  charing,  and  did  far  better  than  a 
sister  I  have,  who  is  a  capital  shirt-maker.  There's 
broken  victuals,  sometimes,  for  your  children.'^ It's 
a  hard  world,  sir,  but  there 's  a  many  good  people 
in  it." 

One  woman  (before  mentioned)  earned  not  less 
than  5s.  weekly  in  superior  shirt-making,  as 
it  was  described  to  me,  which  was  evidently 
looked  upan  as  a  handsome  remuneration  for 
such  toil.  Another  earned  3^.  6d. ;  another 
2s.  6d.  ;  and  others,  with  uncertain  employ,  25., 
Is.  Qd.,  and  in  some  weeks  nothing.  Needle-work, 
however,  is,  I  am  informed,  not  the  work  of  one- 
tenth  of  the  rubbish-carters'  wives,  whatever  the 
earnings  of  the  husband.  From  all  I  could  learn, 
too,  the  wives  of  the  under-paid  rubbish-carters 
earned  more,  by  from  10  to  20  per  cent.,  than  tliose 
of  the  better-paid.  The  earnings  of  a  char- 
woman in  average  employ,  as  regards  the  wives 
of  the  rubbish-carters,  is  about  4s.  weekly, 
without  the  exhausting  toil  of  the  needle-woman, 
and  with  the  advantage  of  sometimes  receiving 
broken  meat,  dripping,  fat,  «&c.,  &c.  The  wives 
of  the  Irish  labourers  in  this  trade  are  often  all 
the  year  street-sellers,  some  of  wash-leathers, 
some  of  cabbage-nets,  and  some  of  fruit,  clearing 
perhaps  from  Qd.  to  9d.  a  day,  if  used  to  street- 
trading,  as  the  majority  of  them  are. 

The  under-paid  labourers  in  this  trade  are 
chiefly  poor  Irishmen,  The  Irish  workmen  in 
this  branch  of  the  trade  have  generally  been 
brought  up  "  on  the  land,"  as  they  call  it,  in  their 
own  country,  and  after  the  sufferiwgs  of  many  of 
them  during  the  famine,  12s.  a  week  is  regarded 
as  "  a  rise  in  the  world." 

From  one  of  this  class  I  learned  the  following 
particulars.     He  seemed  a  man  of  26  or  23  : — 

"  I  was  brought  up  on  the  land,  sir,"  he  said, 
"  not  far  from  Ciiliin,  in  the  county  Wexford.  I 
lived  with  my  lather  and  mother,  and  shure  we 
were  badly  off.  Shure,  thin,  we  were.  Father 
and  mother — the  Heavens  be  their  bed — died  one 
soon  after  another,  and  some  friends  raised  me  the 
manes  to  come  to  this  country.  Well,  thin, 
indeed,  sir,  and  I  can't  say  how  they  raised  them, 
God  reward  them,  I  got  to  Liverpool,  and  walked 
to  London,  where  I  had  some  relations,  I  sold 
oranges  in  the  strates  the  first  day  I  was  iu 
London,  (iod  help  me,  I  was  glad  to  do  any- 
thing to  get  a  male's  mate.  I  've  lived  on  Gd. 
a-day  sometimes.  I  have  indeed.  There  was  2d. 
for  the  lodging,  and  4d.  for  the  mate,  the  tay  anl 
bread  and  butter.  Did  I  live  harder  than  that  in 
Ireland,  your  honour  ?  Well,  thin,  I  have.  I  've 
lived  on  a  dish  of  potatoes  that  might  cost  a  penny 
there,  where  things  is  bhutiful  and  chape.  Not 
like  this  country.  •  No,  no.  I  wouldn't  care  to  go 
back.     I  have  no  friends  there  now.     Thin  I  got 


333 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


ingaged  by  a  man — yis,  he  was  a  rubbish-carter — 
to  help  him  to  fill  his  cart,  and  then  we  shot  it  on 
some  new  garden  grounds,  and  had  to  shovel  it 
about  to  make  the  grounds  livil,  afore  the  top  soil 
was  put  on,  for  the  bhutiful  flowers  and  the  gravel 
walks.  Tim — ^yis,  lie  was  acounthrymanof  mine, 
but  a  Cor-rk  man — said  he  'd  made  a  bad  bargain, 
for  he  was  bad  off,  and  he  only  clared  id.  a  load, 
and  he  'd  divide  it  wid  me.  We  did  six  loads  in 
a  diiy,  and  I  got  Is.  every  night  for  a  wake. 
This  was  a  rise.  But  one  Sund.iy  evening  I  was 
standing  talking  with  people  as  lived  in  the  same 
coort,  and  I  tould  how  I  was  helping  Tim.  And 
two  Englishmen  came  to  find  four  men  as  they 
wanted  for  work,  and  ould  Ragin  (Regan)  tould 
them  what  I  was  working  for.     And  one   of  'em 

said,  I  was  '  a  b Irish  fool,'  and  ould  Ragin 

Siiid  so,  and  words  came  on,  and  thin  there  was  a 
fight,  and  the  pelleece  came,  and  thin  the  fij;ht 
was  harder.  I  was  taken  to  the  station,  and  had 
a  month.  I  had  tvvo_  black  eyes  next  morning, 
but  was  willin'  to  forget  and  forgive.  No,  I  'm 
not  fond  of  tightin'.  I  'm  a  paceable  mm,  glory 
be  to  Grod,  and  I  think  I  was  put  on.  Oh,  yis, 
and  indeed  thin,  your  honour,  it  was  a  fair  fight." 
I  inquired  of  an  English  rubbish-carter  as  to 
these  fair  fights.  He  knew  nothing  of  the  one  in 
question,  but  had  seen  such  fights.  They  were 
usually  among  the  Irish  themselves,  but  sometimes 
Englishmen  were  "  drawn  into  them."  "  Fair 
fights  !  sir,"  he  said,  "  why  the  Irishes  don't  stand  up 
to  you  like  men.  They  don't  fight  like  Christians, 
sir;  not  a  bit  of  it.  they  kick,  and  scratch,  and 
bite,  a:id  tear,  like  devils,  or  cats,  or  women. 
They're  soon  settled  if  you  can  get  an  honest 
knock  at  them,  but  it  isn't  easy." 

"  I  sarved  my  month,"  continued  my  Irish  in- 
formant, "  and  it  ain't  a  b;id  place  at  all,  the  prison. 
I  tould  the  gintleman  that  had  charge  of  us,  that 
I  was  a  Roman  Catholic,  God  be  praised,  and 
couldn't  go  to  his  prayers.  '  0  very  well,  Pat,' 
says  he.  And  next  day  the  praste  came,  and  we 
were  shown  in  to  him,  and  very  angry  he  was, 
and  said  ourconduc'  was  a  disgrace  to  religion,  and 
to  our  counthry,  and  to  him.  Do  I  think  he  was 
right,  sir?  Grod  knows  he  was,  or  he  wouldn't 
have  said  so. 

"  I  hadn't  been  out  of  prison  two  hours  before 
I  was  hired  for  a  job,  at  10^.  a  week.  It  was  in 
the  city,  and  I  carried  old  bricks  and  rubbish 
along  planks,  from  the  inside  of  a  place  as  was 
pulled  down ;  but  the  outside,  all  but  the  roof,  was 
standin'  until  the  windor  frames,  and  the  door 
posts,  and  what  other  timbers  there  was,  was 
sould.  It  was  dreadful  hard  work,  carrying  the 
basket  of  rubbish  on  your  back  to  the  cart.  The 
dust  came  through,  and  stuck  to  my  neck,  for  I 
was  wet  all  over  wid  sweatin'  so.  Every  man 
was  allowed  a  pint  of  beer  a  day,  and  I  thought 
nivver  anything  was  so  sweet.  I  don't  know  who 
gave  it.  The  misther,  I  suppose.  Will,  thin, 
sir,  I  don't  know  who  was  the  raasther ;  it  was 
John  Riley  as  ingaged  me,  but  Jce's  no  masther. 
Yis,  thin,  and  I  've  been  workin'  that  way  iwer 
since.  I've  sometimes  had  14^.  a  week,  and 
sometimes  10*.,  and  sometimes  12*.     A  man  like 


me  must  take  what  he  can  get,  and  I  will  t:ike  it. 
I  've  been  out  of  work  sometimes,  but  not  so  much 
as  some,  for  I  'm  young  and  strong.  No,  I  can't 
save  no  monej',  and  I  have  nothing  just  now  to 
save  it  for.  When  I  'm  out  of  work,  I  sell  fruit 
in  the  streets." 

This  statement,  then,  as  regards  the  Irish 
labourers,  shows  the  quality  of  the  class  era- 
ployed.  The  English  labourers,  working  on  the 
same  terms,  are  of  the  usual  class  of  men  so 
working, — broken-down  men,  unable,  oraccounting 
themselves  unable,  to  "do  better,"  and  so  accepting 
any  oifer  affording  the  means  of  their  daily  bread. 

Os    TUB    LOJIDON    CHIMNBY-SwEKPEIiS. 

Chimxey-Sweepers  are  a  consequence  of  two 
things— chimneys  and  the  use  of  coals  as  fuel;  and 
these  are  both  commodities  of  comparatively  recent 
introduction. 

It  is  generally  admitted  that  the  earliest  men- 
tion of  ckimne.'js  is  in  an  Italian  MS.,  preserved 
in  Venice,  in  which  it  is  recorded  that  chimneys 
were  thrown  down  in  that  city  from  the  shock  of 
an  earthquake  in  1317.  In  England,  down  even 
to  the  commencement  of  the  reign  of  Elizabeth, 
the  greater  part  of  the  houses  in  our  towns  had 
no  chimneys ;  the  fire  was  kindled  on  a  hearth- 
stone on  the  floor,  or  on  a  raised  grate  against  the 
wall  or  in  the  centre  of  the  apartment,  and  the 
smoke  found  its  way  out  of  the  doors,  windows, 
or  casements. 

During  the  long,  and — as  regards  civil  strife — 
generally  peaceful,  reign  of  Elizabeth,  the  use  of 
chimneys  increased.  In  a  Discourse  prefixed  to 
an  edition  of  Ilolinshed's  "  Chronicles,"  in  1577, 
Harrison,  the  writer,  complains,  among  other 
things,  '•  marvellously  altered  for  the  worse  in 
England,"  of  the  multitude  of  chimneys  erected 
of  late.  "Now  we  have  many  chimneys,"  he 
says,  "  and  our  tenderlings  complain  of  rheums, 
catarrhs,  and  poses.  Then  we  had  none  but  rere- 
doses,  and  our  heads  did  never  ache."*  He  de- 
murs, too,  to  the  change  in  the  material  of  which 
the  houses  were  constructed  :  "  Houses  were  ojice 
builded  of  willow,  then  we  had  oaken  men;  but 
now  houses  are  made  of  oak,  and  our  men  not 
only  become  willow,  but  a  great  many  altogether 
of  straw,  which  is  a  sore  alteration." 

*  "  Reredos,  dossel  (retable,  Fr. ;  poate.-gnle,  Ital.)/' 
according  to  Parker's  Glossary  of  Architecture,  was 
"  the  wall  or  screen  at  the  back  of  an  altar,  seat,  &c.; 
it  was  usually  ornamented  with  panelling,  &e.,  especially 
behind  an  altar,  and  sometimes  was  enriched  with  a  pro- 
fusion of  niches,  buttresses,  pinnacles,  statues,  and  other 
decorations,  which  were  often  painted  with  brilliant 
colours. 

"  The  open  fire-hearth,  frequently  used  in  ancient 
domestic  halls,  was  likewise  called  a  reredos. 

"  In  the  description  of  Britain  prefixed  to  Holinshed's 
'  Chronicles,'  we  are  told  that  f  /rmerly,  before  chimneys 
were  common  in  mean  houses, '  each  man  made  his  flre 
against  a  reredosse  in  the  hall,  where  lie  dined  and  dressed 
his  meat.'" 

The  original  word  would  appear  to  be  rfo«e/  or  rere- 

ditsel:  for  Kelham,  in  his  "  Norman  Dictionary,"  explains 

the  word  doser  or  dnsd  to  signify  a  hanging  or  canopy  of 

silk,  silver,  or  gold  work,  under  which  kln.^s  or  great 

]  personages  sit;  also  the  back  of  a  chair  ot   state  (the 

I  word  being  probablv  a  derivative  of  the  Latin  dorsum, 

'  the  back.     D/.i,  in  slang,  means  a  be<l,  a  "  dossing  erib" 

!  being  a  sleeping-plaee,  and  has  clearly  the  same  origin). 

I  A  rere-dos  or  rere-dutel  would  thui  appear  to  have  been  a 


LONDON  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


339 


In  Shakespeare's  time,  the  chimney-sweepers 
seera  to  have  become  a  recognised  class  of  public 
cleansers,  for  in  "  Cymbeline  "  the  poet  says — 

"  Fear  no  more  the  heat  o'  the  sun. 
Nor  the  furious  winter's  rages ; 

Thou  thy  worldly  task  hast  done. 
Home  art  gone,  and  ta'cn  thy  wages  : 

Golden  lads  and  girls  all  must," 
As  chimnej/sweepers  come  to  dust." 

In  this  beautiful  passage  there  is  an  intimation, 
by  the  "chimney-sweepers"  being  contrasted  with 
the  "  golden  lads  and  girls,"  that  their  employ- 
ment was  regarded  as  of  the  meanest,  a  repute  it 
bears  to  the  present  day. 

But  chimneys  seem,  like  the  "sweeps"  or 
"  sweepers,"  to  hare  been  a  necessity  of  a  change 
of  fuel.  In  the  days  of  "  rere-dosses,"  our  an- 
cestors burnt  only  wood,  so  that  they  were  not 
subjected  to  so  great  an  inconvenience  as  we 
should  be  were  our  fires  kindled  without  the  vent 
of  the  chimney.  Our  fuel  is  coal,  which  produces 
a  greater  quantity  of  soot,  and  of  black  smoke, 
which  is  the  result  of  imperfect  combustion,  than 
any  other  fuel,  the  smoke  from  wood  being  thin 
and  pure  in  comparison. 

The  first  mention  of  the  use  of  coal  as  fuel 
occurs  in  a  charter  of  Henry  III.,  granting  licence 
to  the  burgesses  of  Newcastle  to  dig  for  coal.  In 
12S1  Newcastle  is  said  to  have  had  some  slight 
trade  in  this  article.  Shortly  afterwards  coal 
began  to  be  imported  into  Loudon  for  the  use  of 
smiths,  brewers,  dyers,  soap-boilers,  <Scc.  In 
1316,  during  the  reign  of  Edward  I.,  its  use  in 
'  London  was  prohibited  because  of  the  supposed 
injurious  influence  of  the  smoke.  In  1600  the  use 
of  coal  in  the  metropolis  became  universal ;  about 
200  vessels  were  employed  in  the  London  trade, 
and  about  200,000  chaldrons  annually  imported. 

In  1848,  however,  there  were,  besides  the 
r.iiiu.-iy  b.me  coals,  12,267  cargoes  imported,  or 
;.r.  :..;iit  tons.  The  London  coal  trade  now 
ciiiploys  2700  vessels  and  21,600  seamen,  and 
coiutitutes  one-fourth  of  the  whole  general  trade 
of  the  Thames. 

To  understand  the  necessity  forchimney-s  weepers, 
and  the  extent  of  the  work  for  them  to  do,  that  is 
to  say,  the  quantity  of  soot  deposited  in  our 
chimneys  during  the  combustion  of  the  three  and  a 
half  millions  of  tons  of  coals  that  are  now  annually 
consumed  in  London,  we  must  first  comprehend  the 
conditions  upon  which  the  evolution  of  soot  depends, 
•oot  being  simply  the  fine  carbonaceous  particles 
condensed  from  the  smoke  of  coal  fuel,  and  de- 
posited against  the  sides  of  the  chimneys  during 
its  ascent  between  the  walls  to  the  tops  of  our 


i,  that  in  the  old 

IIS  at  the  back  of 

t)c  seen,  with  an 

of  plates,  and  tuch 

IK- 

a  '  rrrHrx,'  or  open 

aA 

..   ..  ;ulc- 

•  ■i   by  the 

1 ,    I    need 

^  placet  by 


iplac< 
bouses  in  t ! 

the  fire  ni  1 
aper" 


ii.r      . 
Henry  VMI. 


houses.  These  conditions  appear  to  have  been 
determined  somewhat  accurately  during  the  inves- 
tigations of  the  Smoke  Prevention  Committee. 

There  are  two  kinds  of  smoke  from  the  ordinary 
materials  of  combustion — (A)  Opaque,  or  black 
smoke  ;   (B)  Traiispareni,  or  invisible  smoke. 

A.  The  Opaque  smoke,  though  the  most  offen- 
sive and  annoying  from  its  dirtying  properties,  is, 
like  the  muddiest  water,  the  least  injurious  to 
animal  or  vegetable  health.  It  consists  of  the 
particles  of  unconsuraed  carbon  which  have  not 
been  deposited  in  the  form  of  soot  in  the  tlue  or 
chimney.  This  is  the  black  smoke  which  will  be 
further  described. 

B.  Traiuparent  smoke  is  composed  of  gases 
which  are  for  the  most  part  invisible,  such  as  car- 
bonic acid  and  carbonic  oxide;  also  of  sulphurous 
acid,  but  smokes  with  that  component  are  both 
visible  and  invisible.  The  sulphurous  acid  is  said 
by  Professor  Brande  to  destroy  vegetation,  for  it 
has  long  been  a  cause  of  wonder  why  vegetation 
in  towns  did  not  flourish,  since  carbonic  acid 
(which  is  so  largely  produced  from  the  action  of  our 
fires)  is  the  vital  air  of  trees,  shnxbs,  and  plants*. 

*  It  has  been  notorious  for  many  years,  that  flowers 
will  not  bloom  in  any  natural  luxuriance,  and  that  fruit 
will  not  properly  ripen,  in  the  heart  of  the  city.  Whilst 
this  is  an  unquestionable  fact,  it  is  also  a  fact,  that 
greatly  as  suburban  dwellings  have  increased,  and  truly 
as  London  may  be  said  to  have  "  gone  into  the  country," 
the  greater  quantity  of  the  large,  excellent,  unfailing, 
and  cheap  supply  of  the  fruits  and  vegetables  in  the 
London  "  green"  markets  are  grown  within  a  circle  of 
from  ten  to  twelve  miles  from  St.  Paul's.  In  the  course 
of  my  inquiries  (in  the  series  of  letters  on  Labour  and 
the  Poor  m  the  Mornine^  Chronicle)  into  the  supply,  «kc., 
to  the  •'  green  markets"  of  the  metropolis,  I  was  told  by 
an  experienc-ed  market-gardener,  who  had  friends  and 
connections  in  several  of  the  suburbs,  that  he  fancied, 
and  others  in  the  trade  were  of  the  same  opinion,  that 
no  gardening  could  beanytJiing  but  a  failure  if  attempted 
within  "  where  the  fogs  went."  My  informant  explained 
to  me  that  the  fogs,  so  peculiar  to  London,  aid  not 
usually  extend  beyond  three  or  four  miles  from  the 
heart  of  the  city.  He  was  satisfied,  he  said,  that 
within  half  a  mile  or  so  of  this  reach  of  fog  the  gar- 
dener's labours  might  be  crowned  with  success.  He 
knew  nothing  of  any  scientific  reason  for  his  opinion, 
but  as  far  as  a  purely  London  fog  extended  (without 
regard  to  anv  mist  pervading  the  whole  country  as  well 
as  the  neighfx)urhood  of  the  capital),  he  thought  it  was 
the  boundary  within  which  there  could  be  no  nroper 
growth  of  fruit  or  flowers.  That  the  London  fog  nas  its 
limiU  as  regards  the  manifestation  of  its  greatest  density, 
there  can  be  no  doubt.  My  informant  was  frequently 
asked,  when  on  his  way  home,  by  omnibus  drivers  and 
others  whom  he  knew,  and  met  on  their  way  to  town  a 
few  miles  from  it :  "  How 's  the  fog,  sir  ?    How  far?" 

The  extent  of  the  London  fog,  then,  if  the  informa- 
tion 1  have  cited  be  correct,  may  be  considered  as  in- 
dicating that  portion  of  the  metropolis  where  the 
popubtion,  and  consequently  the  smoke,  is  the  thickest, 
and  within  which  agricultural  and  horticultural  la- 
bour* cannot  meet  with  success.  "  The  nuisance  of 
a  Noveml)er  fog  in  London,"  Mr.  Booth  slated  to 
the  .Smoke  ("oinmittee,  "  is  most  assuredly  increased 
by  the  smoke  of  the  town,  arising  from  furnaies  and 
private  fires.  It  is  vapour  saturated  with  particles 
of  carbon  which  causes  all  that  uneasiness  and  i>ain  in 
the  lungs,  and  the  uneasy  sensations  which  we  experi- 
ence in  our  heads.  I  have  no  doubt  of  the  density  of 
these  fogs  arisini;  from  this  carb<maceous  matter." 

The  loss  from  the  impossibility  of  promoting  vegeta- 
tion in  the  district  most  subjected  to  the  fog  is  nothing, 
as  the  whole  ground  is  already  nccupie<l  for  tlie  thousand 
purposes  of  a  great  commercial  city.  The  matter  is, 
however,  highly  curious,  as  a  result  of  the  London 
smoke. 

Concerning  the  frequency  of  fogs  in  the  district  of  the 
immediate  neighbourhood  of  the  metropolis,  it  is  stated 
In  Weale's"  London,"  that  fogs  "appear  to  be  owinif,  1st, 


340 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


I  may  here  observe,  that  several  of  the  scientific 
men  who  gave  the  results  of  years  of  observation 
and  study  in  their  evidence  to  the  Committee  of 
the  House  of  Commons,  remarked  on  the  popular 
misunderstanding  of  what  smoke  was,  it  being  ge- 
nerally regarded  as  something  visible.  But  in  the 
composition  of  smoke,  it  appears,  one  product  ma}-- 
be  visible,  and  another  invisible,  and  both  offen- 
sive ;  while  '•  occasionally  you  may  have  from  the 
same  materials  varieties  of  products,  all  invisible, 
according  to  the  manner  to  which  they  are  supplied 
■with  air." 

The  Committee  requested  Dr.  Keid  to  prepare 
a  definition  of  "  smoke,"  and  more  especially  of 
"black  smoke."  The  following  is  the  substance 
of  the  doctor's  definition,  or  rather  description : — 

1.  Black  Smoke  consists  essentially  of  carbon 
separated  by  heat  from  coal  or  other  combustible 
bodies.  It  this  smoke  be  produced  at  a  very  high 
temperature,  the  carbon  forms  a  loose  and  pow- 
dery soot,  comparatively  free  from  other  sub- 
stances; while  the  lower  the  temperature  at 
which  black  soot  is  formed,  the  larger  is  the 
amount  of  other  substances  with  which  it  is 
mingled,  among  which  are  the  following  : — car- 
bon, water,  resin,  oily  and  other  inflammable 
products  of  various  volatilities,  ammonia,  and 
carbonate  of  ammonia. 

When  the  carbon,   oils,  resin,  and  water  are 
associated   together  in  certain  proportions,   thay 
constitute  tar.     Soft  pitch  is  produced  if  the  tar 
be  so  far  heated  that  the  water  is  expelled ;  and  j 
hard  pitch  (resin  blackened  by  carbon)  when  the  I 
oils  are  volatilized.  | 

In  all  cases  of  ordinary  combustion,  carbonic  } 
acid  is  formed  by  the  red-h  ;t  cinders,  or  by  gases  | 
or  other  compounds  containing  carbon,  acting  on  j 
the  oxygen  of  the   air.     This  carbonic   acid  is  | 
discharged  in  general  as  an  invisible  gas.     If  the 
carbonic  acid  pass  through  red-hot  cinders,  or  any  ' 
carbonaceous    smoke   at  a    high    temperature,  it 
loses  one  particle  of  oxygen,   and  becomes  car- 
bonic oxide  gas.     The  lost  oxygen,  uniting  with 


to  the  presence  of  the  river;  and,  2ndly,  to  the  fact  that 
the  superior  temperature  of  the  town  produces  results 
precisely  similar  to  those  we  find  to  occur  upjn  rivers 
and  lakes.  The  cold  damp  currents  of  the  atmosphere, 
which  cannot  act  upon  the  air  of  the  country  districts, 
owing  to  the  equality  of  their  specific  gravity,  when 
they  encounter  the  warmer  and  h^hter  strata  over  the 
town,  displace  the  latter,  intermixing  with  it  and  con- 
densing the  moisture.  Fogs  thus  arc  often  to  be  ob- 
served in  London,  whilst  the  surrounding  country  is 
entirely  free  from  them.  The  peculiar  colour  of  the 
London  fogs  appears  to  be  owing  to  the  fact  that,  during 
their  prevalence,  the  ascent  of  tlie  coal  smoke  is  impeded, 
and  that  it  is  thus  mixed  with  the  condensed  moisture 
of  the  atmosphere.  As  is  well  known,  thay  are  often  so 
dense  as  to  require  the  gas  to  be  lighted  in  midday,  and 
they  cover  the  town  with  a  most  dingy  and  depressing 
pall.  They  also  frequently  exhibit  the  peculiarity  of 
increasing  density  alter  their  first  formation,  which 
appears  to  be  owing  to  the  dssL-ent  of  fresh  currents 
of  cold  air  towards  the  lighter  regions  of  the  atmo- 
sphere. 

' '  They  do  not  occur  when  the  wind  is  in  a  dry  quarter, 
as  for  instance  when  it  is  in  the  east;  notwithstanding 
that  there  may  be  very  considerable  difference  in  the 
temperature  of  the  air  and  of  the  watc-r  or  the  ground. 
The  peculiar  odour  which  attends  the  London  fogs  has 
not  yet  been  satisfactorily  explained;  although  the  uni- 
formity of  its  recurrence,  and  its  very  marked  character, 
would  appear  to  challenge  elaborate  examination." 


carbon,  forms  an  additional  amount  of  carbonic 
oxide  gas,  which  passes  to  the  external  atmosphere 
as  an  invisible  gas,  unless  kindled  in  its  progress, 
or  at  the  top  of  the  chimney,  when  its  tempera- 
ture is  sufiiciently  elevated  by  the  action  of  air. 
Carbonic  oxide  gas  burns  with  a  blue  flame,  and 
produces  carbonic  acid  gas. 

Black  smoke  is  always  associated  with  car- 
buretted  hydrogen  gases.  These  may  be  mechani- 
cally blended  with  the  oils  and  resins,  but  must 
be  carefully  distinguished  from  them.  They 
form  more  essentially,  Avhen  in  a  state  of  com- 
bustion, the  inflammable  matters  that  constitute 
flame. 

2.  Smoke  from  Charcoal,  Cok'?,  and  Anthracite, 
is  always  invisible  if  the  material  be  dry.  A 
flame  may  appear,  however,  if  carbonic  oxide  be 
formed. 

3.  Wood  or  Puroligneous  Smoke  is  rarely 
black.  Water  and  carbonic  acid  are  the  products 
of  the  full  combustion  of  wood,  omittihg  the  con- 
sideration of  the  ash  that  remains. 

i.  Sidphm-ous  Smokes.  Tons  of  sulphur  are 
annually  evolved  in  various  conditions  from  copper- 
works.  Offensive  sulphurous  smokes  are  often 
evolved  from  various  chemical  works,  as  gas-works, 
acid-works,  &c. 

5.  Hydrochloric  Acid  Smoke  is  evolved  in 
general  in  large  quantities  from  alkali  works. 

6.  Metallic  Smokes — when  ores  of  lead,  copper, 
arsenic,  &c.,  are  used — often  contain  oflfensive 
matter  in  a  minute  state  of  division,  and  sus- 
panded  in  the  smoke  evolved  from  the  furnaces. 

7.  Putrescent  Smokes,  loaded  with  the  products 
of  decayed  animal  and  vegetable  matter,  are 
evolved  at  times  from  drains  in  visible  vapours, 
more  especially  in  damp  weather.  The  foetid  par- 
ticles, when  associated  with  moisture  in  this 
smoke,  are  entirely  decomposed  when  subjected  to 
heat. 

Dr.  Ure  says,  spsaking  of  the  cause  of  the 
ordinary  black  smoke  above  described,  "  The  in- 
evitable conversion  of  atmospheric  air  into  car- 
bonic acid  has  been  hitherto  the  radical  defect  of 
almost  all  furnaces.  The  consequence  is,  that 
this  gaseous  matter  is  mixed  with  an  atmosphere 
containing  far  too  little  oxygen,  and  instead  of 
burning  the  carbon  and  hydrogen,  which  consti- 
tute the  coal  gases,  the  carbon  is  deposited  partly 
in  a  pulverized  form,  constituting  smoke  or  soot, 
and  a  great  deal  of  the  carbon  gets  half-burnt, 
and  forms  what  is  well  known  under  the  name 
of  carbonic  oxide,  which  is  half-burnt  charcoal." 

"  The  ordinary  smoke,"  Professor  Faraday 
said,  in  his  examination  before  the  Committee, 
"  is  the  visible  black  part  of  the  products,  the 
unburnt  portions  of  the  carbon.  If  you  prevent 
the  production  of  carbonic  oxide  or  carbonic  acid, 
you  increase  the  production  of  sm  )ke.  You  must 
with  coal  fuel  either  have  carbonic  acid  or  oxide, 
or  else  black  smoke. 

"  Which  is  the  least  noxious?"  he  was  asked, 
and  answered,  "  As  far  as  regards  health,  carbonic 
acid  and  carbonic  oxide  are  most  noxious  to 
health ;  but  it  is  not  so  much  a  question  of 
health  as  of   cleanliness  and  comfort,  because  I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


341 


believe  that  this  town  is  as  healthy  as  other 
places  where  there  are  not  these  tires. 

"  It  is  partly  the  impure  coal  gas  evolved  after 
the  fresh  charge  of  coal  which  originates  the 
smokes,  when  not  properly  supplied  with  air;  but 
it  is  a  ver}'  mixed  question.  When  a  fresh 
charge  of  coal  is  put  upon  the  fire,  a  great  quan- 
tit}'  of  evaporable  matter,  which  would  be  called 
impure  coal  gas  according  to  the  language 
of  the  question,  is  produced  ;  and  as  that  mat- 
ter travels  on  in  the  heated  place,  if  there  be  a 
sufficient  supply  of  air,  both  the  hydrogen  and  the 
carbon  are  entirely  burnt.  But  if  there  be  an 
insufficient  supply  of  air,  the  hydrogen  is  taken 
possession  of  first,  and  the  ciirbon  is  set  free  in  its 
black  and  solid  form  ;  and  if  that  goes  into  the 
cool  part  of  the  chimney  before  fresh  air  gets  to 
it,  that  carbon  is  so  carried  out  into  the  atmo- 
sphere and  is  the  smoke  in  question.  Generally 
speaking,  the  great  rush  of  smoke  is  when  coal  is 
first  put  on  the  fire ;  and  that  from  the  want  of  a 
sufficient  supply  of  oxygen  at  the  right  time, 
because  the  carbon  is  cooled  so  low  as  not  to  take 
fire." 

This  eminent  chemist  stated  also  that  there 
was  no  difference  in  the  ultimate  chemical  effect 
upon  the  air  between  a  wood  fire  and  a  coal  fire,  but 
with  wood  there  was  not  so  much  smoke  set  free  in 
the  heated  place,  which  caused  a  difference  in  the 
gaseous  products  of  wood  combustion  and  of  coal 
combustion.  He  thought  that  perhaps  wood 
was  the  fuel  which  would  be  most  favourable  to 
health  as  affecting  the  atmosphere,  inasmuch  as  it 
produced  more  water,  and  less  carbonic  acid,  as 
the  product  of  combustion. 

What  may  be  called  the  peculiarities  of  a 
smoky  and  sooty  atmosphere  are  of  course  more 
strongly  developed  in  London  than  elsewhere,  as 
the  foUowing  curious  statements  show  : — 

Dr.  Reid,  in  describing  metropolitan  smoke, 
spoke  of  ♦'  those  black  portions  of  soot  that  every 
one  is  familiar  with,  which  annoy  us,  for  instance, 
at  the  Houses  of  Parliament  to  such  an  extent 
that  I  have  bet-n  under  the  necessity  of  putting 
up  a  veil,  about  40  feet  long  and  12  feet  deep,  on 
which,  on  a  single  evening',  taking  the  worst  kind 
of  weather  for  the  production  of  soot,  we  can 
count  occisionally  200,000  visible  portions  of  soot 
excluded  at  a  single  sitting.  We  count  with  the 
naked  eye  the  number  of  pieces  entangled  upon  a 
»<iuare  inch.  I  have  examined  the  amount  de- 
posited on  different  occasions  in* different  parts  of 
London  at  the  tops  of  some  houses;  and  on  one 
occasion  at  the  Horse  Quards  the  amount  of  soot 
deposited  was  so  great,  that  it  formed  a  complete 
and  continuous  film,  to  that  when  I  walked  upon 
it  I  saw  the  impression  of  my  foot  left  as  dis- 
tinctly on  that  occasion  a«  when  snow  lies  upon 
t':  -round.  The  film  was  exceedingly  thin,  but 
I       1  ■!  discover  no  want  of  continuity.    On  other 

iii'ins  I  have  noticed  in  London  that  the  quan- 
•i.v  that  escapes  into  individuiil  houses  is  so 
i.'r>  at  that  in  a  single  night  I  have  observed  a 
mixture  of  soot  and  of  hoar  frost  collecting  at  the 
edse  of  the  door,  and  forming  a  stripe  three- 
,-ir.r:cr?  of  an  inch  in  breadth,  and  bearing  an 


exact  resemblance  to  a  pepper  and  salt  grey  cloth. 
Those  that  I  refer  to  are  extreme  occasions." 

Mr.   Bootli   mentioned,    that    one  of   the  gar- 
deners  of  the  Botanic  Garden  in   the   Regent's- 
\  park,   could  tell   the  number  of  days  sheep  had 
:  been  in  the  park  from  the  blackness  of  their  wool, 
'  its  oleaginous  power  retaining  the  black. 

Dr.  Ure  informed  the  Committee  that  a  column 
I  of  smoke  might  be  seen  extending  in  different 
,  directions  round  London,  according  to  the  way  of 
'  the  wind,  for  a  distance  of  from  20  to  30  miles  ; 
'  and  that  Sir  William  Herschel  had  told  him  that 
when  the  wind  blew  from  London  he  could  not 
use  his  great  telescope  at  Slough. 

It  was  stated,  moreover,  that  when  a  respirator 
is  washed,  the  water  is  rendered  dirty  by  the  par- 
ticles of  soot  adhering  to  the  wire  gauze,  and 
which,  but  for  this,  would  have  entered  the 
mouth. 

Professor  Brande  said,  on  the  subject  of  the 
public  health  being  aftected  by  smoke,  "  I  cannot 
say  that  my  opinion  is  that  smoke  produces  any 
unhealthiness  in  London  ;  it  is  a  great  nuisance 
certainly;  but  I  do  not  think  we  have  any  good 
evidence  that  it  produces  disease  of  any  kind." 

"  This  Committee,"  said  Mr.  Beckett,  ''  have 
been  told  that,  by  the  mechanical  effects  of  smoke 
upon  the  chest  and  lungs,  disease  takes  place  ; 
that  is,  by  swallowing  a  certain  quantity  of 
smoke  the  respiratory  organs  are  injured  ;  can  you 
give  any  opinion  upon  that  ?" — "  One  would  con- 
ceive," replied  the  Professor,  "that  that  is  the 
case  ;  but  when  we  compare  the  health  of  London 
with  that  of  any  other  town  or  place  where  they 
are  comparatively  free  or  quite  free  from  smoke, 
w-e  do  not  find  that  difference  which  we  should 
expect  in  regard  to  health." 

Mr.  E.  Solly,  lecturer  on  chemistry  at  the 
Royal  Institution,  expressed  his  opinion  of  the 
effect  of  smoke  upon  the  health  of  towns : — 

"  My  impression  is,"  he  said,  "  that  it  produces 
decided  evil  in  two  or  three  ways  :  first,  mechani- 
cally ;  the  solid  black  carbonaceous  matter  pro- 
duces a  great  deal  of  disease ;  it  occasions  dirt 
amongst  the  lower  orders,  and,  if  they  will  not 
take  pains  to  remove  it,  it  engenders  disease.  If 
we  could  do  away  the  smoke  nuisance,  I  believe  a 
great  deal  of  that  disease  would  be  put  an  end  to. 
But  there  is  another  point,  and  that  is,  the  bad 
effects  produced  by  the  gases,  sulphurous  acid  and 
other  compounds  of  that  nature,  which  are  given 
out.  If  we  do  away  with  smoke,  we  shall  still 
hsive  those  gases ;  and  I  have  no  doubt  that 
those  gases  produce  a  great  part  of  the  disease 
that  is  produced  by  smoke." 

On  the  other  hand  Dr.  Reid  thought  that  smoke 
was  more  injurious  from  the  dirt  it  created  than 
from  causing  impurity  in  the  atmosphere,  although 
"  it  was  obvious  enough  that  the  inspiration  of  a 
sooty  atmosphere  must  be  injurious  to  persons  of  a 
delicate  constitution."  Dr.  Ure  pronounced  smoke, 
in  the  common  sense  of-visiijle  black  smoke,  un- 
wholesome, but  "  not  so  eminently  as  the  French 
imagine." 

Many  witnesses  stated  their  conviction  that 
where  poor  people  resided  amongst   smoke,  they 


342 


L0ND02T  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


felt  it  impossible  to  preserve  cleanliness  in  their 
persons  or  their  dwellings,  and  that  made  them 
careless  of  their  homes  and  indifferent  to  a  decency 
of  appearance,  so  that  the  public-house,  and  places 
where  cleanliness  and  propriety  were  in  no  great 
estimation,  became  places  of  frequent  resort,  on  the 
plain  principle  that  if  a  man's  home  were  uncom- 
fortable, he  was  not  likely  to  stay  in  it. 

"  I  think,"   said  Mr.  Booth,   "  one  great  effect 
of  the  evil  of  smoke  is  upon  the  dwellings  of  the  i 
poor ;  it  renders  them  less  attentive  to  their  per- 
sonal appearance,  and,   in  consequence,  to  their 
social  condition." 

It  was  also  stated  that  there  were  "  certain  dis- 
tricts inhabited  by  the  poor,  where  they  will  not 
hang  out  their  clothes  to  be  cleansed;  they  say  it  is 
of  no  use  to  do  it,  they  will  become  dirty  as  before, 
and  consequently  they  do  not  have  their  clothes 
washed."  The  districts  specified  as  presenting 
this  characteristic  are  St.  George's-in-the  East  and 
the  neighbourhood  of  Old-street,  St.  Luke's, 

It  must  not  be  lost  sight  of,  that  whatever  evils, 
moral  or  physical,  without  regarding  merely  pecu- 
niary losses,  are  inflicted  by  the  excess  of  smoke, 
they  fall  upon  the  poor,  and  almost  solely  on  the 
poor.  It  is  the  poor  who  must  reside,  as  was 
said,  and  with  a  literality  not  often  applicable  to 
popular  phrases,  "  in  the  thick  of  it,"  and  con- 
sequently there  must  either  be  increased  washing 
or  increased  dirt. 

To  effect  the  mitigation  of  the  nuisance  of 
smoke,  two  points  were  considered  : — 

A.  The  substitution  of  some  other  material, 
containing  less  bituminous  matter,  for  the  "  New- 
castle coal." 

B.  The  combustion  of  the  smoke,  before  its 
emission  into  the  atmospheric  air,  by  means  of 
mechanical  contrivances  founded  on  scientific  prin- 
ciples. 

As  regards  the  first  consideration '(A)  it  was 
recommended  that  anthracite,  or  stone  Welsh 
coal,  which  is  a  smokeless  fuel,  should  be  used 
instead  of  the  Newcastle  coal.  This  coal  is  almost 
the  sole  fuel  in  Philadelphia,  a  city  of  Quaker 
neatness  beyond  any  in  the  United  States  of 
North  America,  and  sometimes  represented  as  the 
cleanest  in  the  world.  The  anthracite  coal  is 
somewhat  dearer  than  Newcastle  coal  in  London, 
but  only  in  a  small  degree. 

Coke  was  also  recommended  as  a  substitute  for 
coal  in  private  dwellings. 

"  Are  you  of  opinion,"  Dr.  Reid  was  asked, 
"  that  smoke  may  be  in  a  great  measure  prevented 
by  extending  the  use  of  gas  and  coke?"  He 
answered,  "  In  numerous  cities,  where  large  quan- 
tities of  gas  are  produced,  coke  is  very  frequently 
ihe  principal  fuel  of  the  poor,  and  the  difficulty  of 
lighting  that  coke,  and  the  difficulty  of  having 
heat  developed  by  it  in  sufficient  quantity,  neces- 
sarily led  me  to  look  at  the  construction  of  the 
fire-places  adapted  for  it.  And  on  a  general  re- 
view of  the  question,  I  do  entertain  the  opinion, 
that  if  education  were  more  extended  amongst  the 
humblest  classes  with  respect  to  the  economy  of 
their  own  fireside  (I  mean,  literally,  the  fire-place. 


at  present),  and  if  gas  were  greatly  extended,  so 
that  they  did  not  drain  the  coal  of  the  gas-works 
of  the  last  dregs  of  gaseous  matter,  which  are  of 
very  little  use  as  gas,  and  more  to  be  considered 
as  adding  to  the  bulk  for  sale  than  as  valuable 
gas,  that  a  coke  might  be  left  which  would  be 
easily  accendible,  which  would  be  economical,  and 
which,  if  introduced  into  fire-places  where  an  open 
fire  is  desired,  would  entirely  remove  the  necessity 
of  sweeping  chimneys  even  u-ith  machines,  and 
would  at  the  same  time  give  as  economical  a  fire 
as  any  ordinary  fire-place  can  produce,  for  an 
ordinary  coal  fire  rarely  is  powerful  in  its  calorific 
emanations  till  the  mass  of  gas  has  been  expelled, 
and  we  see  the  cherry-red  fire.  The  amount  of 
gas  that  has  escaped  previously  to  the  production 
or  coking  of  the  fire,  is  the  gas  that  is  valuable  in 
a  manufactorj',  and  if  therefore  the  individual 
consumer  could  have,  not  the  hard-burnt  stony 
coke,  but  the  soft  coke,  in  the  condition  that 
would  give  at  once  a  cherry-red  fire,  we  should 
attain  the  two  great  objects — of  economising  gas, 
and  at  the  same  time  of  having  a  lively  cheerful 
fire.  Then  this  led  me  to  look  particularly  at  the 
price  of  a  gas  lamp  for  a  poor  man.  In  a  poor 
man's  family,  where  the  breakfast,  the  tea  and 
dinner,  require  the  principal  attention,  and  he  has 
some  plain  cooking  utensils,  in  the  heat  of  summer 
I  belicA'e  that  he  will  produce  as  much  heat  as  he 
wants  for  those  purposes  from  a  single  burner, 
which  can  be  turned  on  and  left  all  day,  which 
shall  not  risk  any  boiling  over,  and  by  having  this 
pure  heat  directed  to  the  object  to  be  warmed, 
instead  of  having  a  heavy  iron  grate,  this  plan 
would,  if  gas  were  generally  introduced  even  into 
the  humblest  apartments,  prove  a  great  source  of 
economy  in  summer." 

Dr.  Reid  also  told  the  Committee  that  there 
was  a  great  prejudice  against  the  use  of  coke, 
many  persons  considering  that  it  produced  a 
sulphurous  smell ;  but  as  all  ordinary  coal  coked 
itself,  or  became  coke  in  an  open  fire,  and  was 
never  powerfully  calorific  till  it  became  coke,  the 
prejudice  would  die  away. 

Very  little  is  said  in  the  Report  about  the 
smoke  of  private  houses  ;  an  allusion,  however,  is 
made  to  that  portion  of  the  investigation  : — "  Your 
Committee  have  received  the  most  gratifying 
assurances  of  the  confident  hope  entertained  by 
several  of  the  highest  scientific  authorities  exa- 
mined by  them,  that  the  black  smoke  proceeding 
from  fires  in  private  dwellings,  and  all  other  places, 
may  eventually  be  entirely  prevented,  either  by  the 
adoption  of  stoves  and  grates  formed  for  a  perfect 
combustion  of  the  common  bituminous  coal,  or  by 
the  use  of  coke,  or  of  anthracite  ;  but  they  are  of 
opinion  that  the  present  knowledge  on  that  subject 
is  not  such  as  to  justify  any  legislative  interference 
with  these  smaller  fires." 

"I  should,  in  prospect,"  Professor  Faraday  said 
to  the  Committee,  "look  forward  to  the  possibility 
of  a  great  reduction  of  the  smoke  from  coal  fires 
in  houses ;  but  my  impression  is,  that,  in  the  pre- 
sent state  of  things,  it  would  be  tyrannical  to  de- 
termine that  tliat  must  be  done  which  at  present 
we  do  not  know  can  be  done.    Still,  I  think  there 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


343 


is  reason  to  believe  that  it  can  be  effected  in  a 
very  hii;h  degree."' 

i)r.  Urealso  thought  that  to  extend  any  smoke 
enactment  to  prirate  dwellings  might  be  tyranni- 
cal in  the  present  state  of  the  chimneys,  but  he 
had  no  donbt  that  smoke  might  be  consumed  in 
tires  in  private  dwellings. 

Such,  then,  are  the  causes  and  remedies  for 
smoke,  and  consequently  of  soot,  for  smoke,  or 
rather  opaque  smoke,  consists,  as  we  have  seen, 
of  merely  the  gases  of  combustion  with  minute 
particles  of  carbon  diffused  throughout  them ; 
and  as  smoke  is  the  result  of  the  imperfect 
burning  of  our  coals,  it  follows  that  chimney- 
sweepers are  but  a  consequence  of  our  ignorance, 
and  that,  as  we  grow  wiser  in  the  art  of  econo- 
mising our  fuel,  we  shall  be  gradually  displacing 
this  branch  of  labourers — the  means  of  prevent- 
ing smoke  being  simply  the  mode  of  displacing 
the  chimney-sweepers— and  this  is  another  of  the 
many  facts  to  teach  us  that  not  only  are  we  dou- 
blini{  our  popuLition  in  forty  j-ears,  but  we  are 
likewise  learning  every  year  how  to  do  our  Avork 
with  a  less  number  of  workers,  either  by  invent- 
ing some  piece  of  mechanism  that  will  enable  one 
"hand"  to  do  as  much  as  one  hundred,  or  else 
doing  away  with  some  branch  of  labour  altoge- 
ther. Here  lies  the  great  difficulty  of  the 
time.  A  new  element — science,  with  its  offspring, 
steam — has  been  introduced  into  our  society  within 
the  last  century,  decreasing  labour  at  a  time  when 
the  number  of  our  labourers  has  been  increasing 
at  a  rate  unexampled  in  history ;  and  the  problem 
is,  how  to  reconcile  the  new  social  element  with 
the  old  social  institutions,  doing  as  little  injury  as 
possible  to  the  community. 

fc^uppose,  for  instance,  the  "smoke  nuisance" 
entirely  prevented,  and  that  Professor  Faraday's 
prophecy  as  to  the  great  reduction  of  the  smoke 
from  coal  fires  in  houses  were  fulfilled,  and  that 
the  expect;itions  of  the  sanguine  and  intense 
Committee,  who  tell  us  that  they  have  "received 
t.U  most  gratifying  assurances  of  the  confident 
hope  entertained  by  several  of  the  higJcest  fcientific 
authorities,  that  the  black  smoke  proceeding  from 
rres  in  private  dwellings  and  all  other  places  may 
:  e  eventually  entirebj  prevented,"_suppose  that 
tiiesc  expecfcitions,  I  say,  be  realized  (and  there 
i.pears  to  be  little  doubt  of  the  matter),  what  is 
:.  become  of  the  1000  to  1500  "sweeps"  who 
ve,  as  it  were,  upon  this  very  smoke  ?  Surely 
ic  whole  community  should  not  suffer  for  them 

'^•■n    be  said.      True;    but  unfortunately   the 

Kument  is  being  applied  to  each  particular 

.i  of  the  kboaring  clas^— and  the  labourers 

..uc  up  by  far  the  greater  part  of  the  community 

!  t  we  are  daily  displacing  a  thousand  labourers  by 

■le  annihilation    of    this    process,    and    another 

lousand  by  the  improvement  of  that,  what  is  to 

"   the  &te  of  those   we   put  on  one  side?  and 

•  iierc  shall  we  find  employment  for  the  hundred 

.ousand  new  "hands"  that  are  daily  coming 

to  existence  among  us?     This  is  the  great  pro- 

•:n  for  earnest  thoughtful  men  to  work  out ! 

But  we  have  to  deal  here  with  the  chimney- 


sweepers as  they  are,  and  not  as  they  may  be 
in   a   more  scientific  ago.     And,   first,  as   to   the 

'  quundti/  of  snot  annually  deposited  at  present  in 

I  the  London  chimneys. 

j       The   quantity  of  soot  produced  in  the  metro- 

j  polis  every  year  may  be  ascertained  in  the  fol- 

j  lowing  manner  : — 

j       The  larger  houses  are  swept  in  some  instances 

I  once  a  month,  but  generally  once  in  three  months, 
and  yield  on  an  average  six  bushels  of  soot 
per  year.  A  moderate-sized  house,  belonging  to 
the  "  middle  class,"  is  usually  swept  four  times  a 
year,  and  gives  about  five  bushels  of  soot  per 
annum  ;  while  houses  occupied  by  the  working 
and  poorer  classes  are  seldom  swept  more  than 
twice,  and  sometimes  only  once,  in  the  twelve- 
month, and  yield  about  two  bushels  of  soot 
annually. 

The  larger  houses  —  the  residences  of  no- 
blemen and  the  more  wealthy  gentry — may, 
then,  be  said  to  produce  an  average  of  six 
bushels  of  soot  annually ;  the  houses  of 
the  more  prosperous  tradesmen,  about  five 
bushels;  while  those  of  the  humbler  classes 
appear  to  yield  only  two  bushels  of  soot  per 
annum.  There  are,  according  to  the  last  returns, 
in  round  numbers,  300,000  inhabited  houses  at 
present  in  the  metropolis,  and  these,  from  the 
"  reports  "  of  the  income  and  property  tax,  may 
be  said  to  consist,  as  regards  the  average  rentals, 
of  the  proportions  given  in  the  next  page. 

Here  we  see  that  the  number  of  houses  whose 
average  rental  is  above  50/.  is  53,840  ;  while 
those  whose  average  rental  is  above  30/.,  and 
below  50/.,  are  90,002  in  number;  and  those 
whose  rental  is  below  30/.  are  as  many  as 
163,880;  the  average  rental  for  all  London,  40/. 
Now,  adopting  the  estimate  before  given  as  to  the 
proportionate  yield  of  soot  from  each  of  these 
three  classes  of  houses,  we  have  the  following 
items : — 

Bushels 
of  Soot  per 
Annum. 
53,840  houses  at  a  yearly  rental 
above   50/.,   producing  6   bushels   of 
soot  each  per  annum         .         .         .        323,040 

90,002  houses  at  a  yearly  rental 
above  30/.  and  below  50/.,  producing 
6  bushels  of  soot  each  per  annum      .        450,010 

163,880  houses  at  a  yearly  rental 
below  30/.,  producing  2  bushels  of 
soot  each  per  annum         .         .         .        327  700 


Totil  number  of  bushels  of  soot  an- 
nually produced  throughout  London    .     1,100,810 

This  calculation  will  be  found  to  be  nearly  cor- 
rect if  tried  by  another  mode.  The  quantity  of  soot 
depends  greatly  upon  the  amount  of  volatile  or 
bituminous  matter  in  the  coals  used.  By  a  table 
given  at  p.  169  of  the  second  volume  of  this  work 
it  will  be  seen  that  the  proportion  of  volatile 
matter  contained  in  the  several  kinds  of  coal  are 
aa  follows : — 

Cannel  or  gas  coals  contain  40  to  60  per  cent. 
of  volatile  matter. 


No.  XLVI. 


344 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 

TABLE   SHOWING    THE 

NUMBER    OF    HOUSES,  AT    DIFFERENT 

AVERAGE 

RENTALS,  THROUGHOUT    THE    METROPOLIS. 

Number    of    Houses    whose 

Number    op    Houses    whose 

Number     or     H 

OUSES       WHOSE 

Ateraqb  Rektal  is  above 

Average  Rental  is  above 

Average   Rental   is   below 

£50. 

£30  AND  below  £50. 

£30. 

H 

1    i 

1^ 

1.1 

i 

h 

1^1 

>  4> 

<tf 

;?   s 

<os 

a    X 

1 

£ 

1^    = 

£ 

£ 

Hanover- square,! 

Poplar  .... 

44 

6,882 

Chelsea        .     .     . 

29 

7,629 

Mav  Fair         .'  150 

8,795 

Pancras      .     .     . 

41 

18,731 

Wandsworth     .     . 

29 

8,290 

St.  James's      .     .128 

3,460 

Harapstead     .     . 

40 

1,719 

St.  Luke's         .     . 

28 

6,421 

St.  Martin's    .     .119 

2,323 

Kensington     .     . 

40 

]17,292 

Lambeth      .     .     . 

28 

20,520 

London  City  .     .i  117 

7,329 

Clerkenwell    .     . 

38 

7,259 

Lewisham    .     .     . 

27 

5,936 

Marvlebone    .     .■     71 

15,955 

East  London  .     . 

38 

4,785 

Whitechapel      .     . 

26 

8,832 

Strand.     .     .     .1     66 

3,938  1 

St.  Saviour's  .     . 

36 

4,613 

Hacknev      .     .     . 

25 

9,861 

West  London      .'     65 

2,745 

Westminster  .     . 

36 

6,647 

Camberwell      .     . 

25 

9,417 

St.  Giles's.     .     .1     60 

4,778 

St.  Olave's      .     . 

35 

2,365 

Rotherhithe      .     . 

23 

2,834 

Holbom     .     .     . 

62 

4,517 

Islington    .     .     . 

St.  George's  -  in  - 

the-East      .     . 

35 

13,558 

St.  George's,  South- 
!     wark        .     .     . 
Newington  .     .     . 

22 
22 

7,005 
10,468 

53,840 

32 

6,151 

Greenwich  .     .     . 

22 

14,423 

1 

i 
1 

90,002 

Shoreditch   .     .     . 
Stepney       .     .     . 
Bermondsey     .     . 
Bethnal  Green .     . 

20 

20 

18 

9 

15,433 

16,346 

7,095 

13,370 

163,880 

Newcastle  or  "  house  "  coals,  about  37  per  cent. 

Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  coals,  35  to  40  per 
cent. 

South  Welsh  or  *'ster\m"  coals,  11  to  15  per 
cent. 

Anthracite  or  "  stone  "  coals,  none. 

The  house  coals  are  those  chiefly  used  through- 
out London,  so  that  every  ton  of  such  coals  contains 
about  800  lbs.  of  volatile  matter,  a  considerable 
proportion  of  which  appears  in  the  form  of  smoke  ; 
but  what  proportion  and  what  is  the  weight  of 
the  carbonaceous  particles  or  soot  evolved  in  a 
given  quantity  of  smoke,  I  know  of  no  means  of 
judging,  I  am  informed,  however,  by  those  prac- 
tically acquainted  with  the  subject,  that  a  ton 
of  ordinary  house  coals  will  produce  between  a 
fourth  and  a  half  of  a  bushel  of  soot*.  Now 
there  are,  say,  3,500,000  tons  of  coal  consumed 
annually  in  London;  but  a  large  proportion  of 
this  quantity  is  used  for  the  purposes  of  gas, 
for  factories,  breweries,  chemical  works,  and 
steam-boats.  The  consumption  of  coal  for  the 
making  of  gas  in  London,  in  1849,  was  380,000 
tons ;  so  that,  including  the  quantity  used  in 
factories,  breweries,  &c.,  we  may,  perhaps, 
estimate    the    domestic   consumption  of   the   me- 

*  The  quantity  of  soot  deposited  depends  greatly  on 
the  lenpth,  draught,  and  irregular  surface  of  the  ehim-  j 
ney.     The  kitchen  flue  yields  by  far  the  most  soot  for 
an  equal  quantity  of  coals  burnt,  because  it  is  of  greater  i 
length.    The  quantity  above  cited  is  the  average  yield  I 


from  the  several  chimneys  of  a  house.  It  will  be  seen 
hereafter  that  the  quantity  collected  is  only  IJ(Xi,(K 
bushels ;  a  great  proportion  of  the  chimneys  of  the  poc 
being  seldom  swept,  and  some  cleansed  by  themselves. 


tropolis  at  2,500,000  tons  yearly,  which,  for 
300,000  houses,  would  give  eight  tons  per  house. 
And  when  we  remember  the  amount  used  in 
large  houses  and  in  hotels,  as  well  as  by  the 
smaller  houses,  where  each  room  often  contains  a 
different  family,  this  does  not  appear  to  be  too 
high  an  average.  Mr.  M'Culloch  estimates  the 
domestic  consumption  at  one  ton  per  head,  men, 
women,  and  children ;  and  since  the  number  of 
persons  to  each  house  in  London  is  7"5,  this  would 
give  nearly  the  same  result.  Estimating  the  yield 
of  soot  to  be  three-eighths  of  a  bushel  per  ton, 
we  have,  in  round  numbers,  1,000,000  bushels 
of  soot  as  the  gross  quantity  deposited  in  the 
metropolitan  chimneys  every  year. 

Or,  to  check  the  estimate  another  way,  there 
are  350  master  sweepers  throughout  London. 
A  master  sweeper  in  a  "large  way  of  business" 
collects,  I  am  informed,  one  day  with  another, 
from  30  to  40  bushels  of  soot;  on  the  other  hand, 
small  master,  or  "single-handed"  chimney-sweeper 
is  able  to  gather  only  about  5  bushels,  and  scarcely 
that.  One  master  sweeper  said  that  about  10 
bushels  a  day  would,  he  thought,  be  a  fair  average 
quantity  for  all  the  masters,  reckoning  one  day 
with  another ;  so  that  at  this  rate  we  should  have 
1,095,500  bushels  for  the  gross  quantity  of  soot 
annually  collected  throughout  the  metropolis. 

We  may  therefore  assume  the  aggregate  yield 
of  soot  throughout  London  to  be  1,000,000  bushels 
per  annum.  IS'ow  what  is  done  with  tliis  immense 
mass  of  refuse  matter?    Of  what  use  is  it? 

The  soot  is  2^i'^^'chas€d  from  the  masters,  whose 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


3i5 


perqitistte  it  is,  by  thefarnurs  and  dealers.     It  is 
1  used  by  them  principally  for  meadow  land,  and 

I  frequently  for  land  where  wheat  is  grown;  not  so 

much,  I  understand,  as  a  manure,  as  for  some 
quality  in  it  which  destroys  slugs  and  other  insects 
1  ,  injurious  to  the  crops*.  Lincolnshire  is  one  of 
I  j  the  great  marts  for  the  London  soot,  whither  it 
I  is  transported  by  railway.  In  Hertfordshire, 
Cambridge,  Norfolk,  Sutfolk,  Essex,  and  Kent, 
however,  and  many  other  parts,  London  soot  is 
used  in  large  quantities;  there  are  persons  who 
ha%'e  large  stores  for  its  reception,  who  purchase  it 
from  the  master  sweepers,  and  afterwards  sell  it  to 
the  farmers  and  send  it  as  per  order,  to  its  desti- 
nation. These  are  generally  the  manure-merchants, 
of  whom  the  Post-Office  Directory  gives  26  names, 
eight  being  marked  as  dealers  in  guano.  I  was 
told  by  a  sweeper  in  a  large  way  of  business  that 
he  thought  these  men  bought  from  a  half  to  three- 
quarters  of  the  soot ;  the  remainder  being  bought 
by  the  land-cultivators  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
London.  Soot  is  often  used  by  gardeners  to  keep 
down  the  insects  which  infest  their  gardens. 

The  value  of  the  Soot  collected  throughout 
London  is  the  next  subject  to  engage  our  atten- 
tion. Many  sweepers  have  represented  it  as  a  very 
curious  fact,  and  one  for  which  they  could  advance 
no  sufficient  reason,  that  the  price  of  a  bushel  of 
soot  was  regulated  by  the  price  of  the  quartern 
loaf,  so  that  you  had  only  to  know  that  the 
quartern  loaf  was  5d.  to  know  that  such  was  the 

I    price  of  a  bushel  of  soot.  This,  however,  is  hardly 
the  case  at  present;  the  price  of  the  quartern  loaf 
'  1-  liing  the  "  seconds,"  or  inferior  bread), 
■  '.lie  end  of  December,  1851,  5d.  to  6c^. 
j.c^id-.if^  to  quality.    The  price  of  soot  per  bushel 
is  but  bd.,  and  sometimes  but  i\d.,  but  5d.  may 
j     be  taken  as  an  average. 

Now  1,000,000  bushels  of  soot,  at  5d.,  will  be 
found  to  yield  20,833/.  6«.  Sd.  per  annum.  But 
'h  •  whole  of  this  quantity  is  not  collected  by  the 
i.iey-sweepers,  for  many  of  the  poorer  persons 
-  . u  jin  have  their  chimneys  swept;  and  by  the 
table  given  in  another  place,  it  will  be  seen  that 
not  more  than  800,000  bushels  are  obtained  in 
the  course  of  the  year  by  the  London  "  sweeps." 
Hence  we  may  say,  that  there  are  800,000 
bushels  of  soot  annually  collected  from  the  London 
chimneys,  and  that  this  is  worth  not  less  than 
ll!,500/.  per  annum. 
! 

I         The  next  quuUon,  is,  how  many  people  are  em- 
ploi/id  in  collecting  this  quantity  of  refiue  inattei', 
j     and  how  do  they  collect  it,  and  what  do  they  get, 
I     individually  and  collectively,  for  so  doing  ? 

To  begin  with  the  number  of  master  and 
journeymen  sweepers  employed  in  removing  these 
■'OOjOuO  bushels  of  soot  from  our  chimneys: 
u  cording  to  the  Census  retums,  the  number  of 
I  "»weeps"  in  the  metropolis  in  the  years  1841 
and  1831  were  as  follows  :— 


oil  is  said,  by  Dr.  L're,  in 

\tu  and  Manufactures,  tn 

tjonate  of  ammonia  along  m  i 


Increase 
in  ten 
Chimney-siceepers.         1841.  1831.    years. 
Males,  20  years  and  upwards  619      421       198 

„     under  20  years  370  no  returns. 

Females,  20  years  &  upwards  44         „ 

1033 

But  these  returns,  such  as  they  are,  include 
both  employers  and  employed,  in  one  confused 
mass.  To  disentimgle  the  economical  knot,  we  must 
endeavour  to  separate  the  number  of  master 
sweepers  from  the  journeymen.  According  to  the 
Post-Office  Directory  the  master  sweepers  amount 
to  no  more  than  32,  and  thus  there  would  be  one 
more  than  1000  for  the  number  of  the  metropoli- 
tan journeymen  sweepers ;  these  statements,  how- 
ever, appear  to  be  very  wide  of  the  truth. 

In  1816  it  was  represented  to  the  House  of 
Commons,  that  there  were  within  the  bills  of 
mortality,  200  masters,  all — except  the  "  great 
gentlemen,"  as  one  witness  described  them,  who 
were  about  20  in  number — themselves  working  at 
the  business,  and  that  they  had  150  journeymen 
and  upwards  of  500  apprentices,  so  that  there 
must  then  have  been  850  working  sweepers  alto- 
gether, young  and  old. 

These  numbers,  it  must  be  borne  in  mind,  were 
comprised  in  the  limits  of  the  bills  of  mortality 
34  years  ago.  The  parishes  in  the  old  bills  of 
mortality  were  148  ;  there  are  now  in  the  me- 
tropolis proper  176,  and,  as  a  whole,  the  area  is 
much  more  densely  covered  with  dwelling-houses. 
Taking  but  the  last  ten  years,  1841  to  1851,  the 
inhabited  liouses  have  increased  from  262,737  to 
307,722,  or,  in  round  numbers,  45,000. 

Now  in  1811  the  number  of  inhabited  houses 
in  the  metropolis  Avas  146,019,  and  in  1821  it 
was  164,948;  hence  in  1816  we  may  assume 
the  inhabited  houses  to  have  been  about  155,000; 
and  since  this  number  required  850  working 
sweepers  to  cleanse  the  London  chimneys,  it  is 
but  a  rule  of  three  sum  to  find  how  many  would 
have  been  required  for  the  same  purpose  in  1841, 
when  the  inhabited  houses  had  increased  to 
262,737 ;  this,  according  to  Cocker,  is  about 
1400 ;  so  that  we  must  come  to  the  conclusion 
either  that  the  number  of  working  sweepers  had 
not  kept  pace  with  the  increase  of  houses,  or 
that  the  returns  of  the  census  were  as  defective 
in  this  respect  as  we  have  found  them  to  be  con- 
cerning the  street-sellers,  dustmen,  and  scavagers. 
Were  we  to  pursue  the  same  mode  of  calculation, 
we  should  find  that  if  850  sweepers  were  required 
to  cleanse  the  chimneys  of  155,000  houses,  there 
should  be  1687  such  labourers  in  London  now 
that  the  houses  are  307,722  in  number. 

But  it  will  be  seen  that  in  1816  more  than  one- 
half  (or  500  out  of  850)  of  the  working  chimney- 
sweepers were  apprentices,  and  in  1841  the 
chimney-sweepers  under  20  years  of  age,  if  we 
are  to  believe  the  census,  constituted  more  than 
one-third  of  the  whole  body  (or  370  out  of  1033). 
Now  as  the  use  of  climbing  boys  was  prohibited 
in  1842,  of  course  this  large  proportion  of  the 


346 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


trade  has  been  rendered  useless;  so  that,  estimat- 
ing the  master  and  journeymen  sweepers  at  250  in 
1816,  it  would  appear  that  about  600  would  be 
required  to  sweep  the  chimneys  of  the  metropolis 
at  present.  To  these,  of  course,  must  be  added 
the  extra  number  of  journeymen  necessary  for 
managing  the  machines.  And  considering  the 
journeymen  to  have  increased  threefold  since  the 
abolition  of  the  climbing  boys,  we  must  add  300 
to  the  above  number,  wh\ch  will  make  the  sum 
total  of  the  individuals  employed  in  this  trade  to 
amount  to  very  nearly  800. 

13y  inquiries  throughout  the  several  districts  of 
the  metropolis,  I  find  that  there  are  altogether  350 
master  sweepers  at  present  in  London;  106  of 
these  are  lame  masters,  who  seldom  go  out  on  a 
round,  but  work  to  order,  having  a  regular  custom 
among  the  more  wealthy  classes  ;  while  the  other 
244  consist  of  92  small  masters  and  152  "single- 
handed"  masters,  who  travel  on  various  rounds, 
both  in  London  and  the  suburbs,  seeking  custom. 
Of  the  whole  number,  19  reside  within  the  City 
boundaries;  from  90  to  100  live  on  the  Surrey 
side,  and  235  on  the  Middlesex  side  of  the 
Thames  (without  the  City  boundaries).  A  large 
master  employs  from  2  to  10  men,  and  2  boys; 
and  a  small  one  only  2  men  or  sometimes  1  man 
and  a  boy,  while  a  single-handed  master  employs 
no  men  nor  bovs  at  all,  but  does  all  the  work  him- 
self. 

The  198  masters  employ  among  them  12  fore- 
men, 399  journeymen,  and  62  boys,  or  473 
hands,  and  adding  to  them  the  single-handed 
master-men  who  work  at  the  business  themselves, 
we  have  823  working  men  in  all ;  so  that,  on  the 
whole,  there  are  not  less  than  betvveen  800  and 
900  persons  employed  in  cleansing  the  London 
chimnej's  of  their  soot. 

The  next  point  that  presents  itself  in  due  order 
to  the  mind  is,  as  to  the  mode  of  uorhing  among 
the  chimney -sv)eeiyers  ;  that  is  to  sav,  how  are  the 
800,000  bushels  of  soot  collected  from  the  300,000 
houses  by  these  820  workir)g  sweepers'?  But  this 
involves  a  short  history  of  the  trade. 

Of  the  Sweepers  of  Old,  and  the  Climbixg 
Boys. 

FoRMEKLV  the  chimneys  used  to  be  cleansed  by 
the  house  servants,  for  a  person  could  easily  stand 
erect  in  the  huge  old-fashioned  constructions,  and 
thrust  up  a  broom  as  far  as  his  strength  would 
permit.  Sometimes,  however,  straw  was  kindled 
at  the  mouth  of  the  chimney,  and  in  that  way 
the  soot  was  consumed  or  brought  down  to  the 
ground  by  the  action  of  the  fire.  But  that  there 
were  also  regular  chimney-sweepers  in  tlie  latter 
part  of  the  sixteenth  century  is  unquestionable  ; 
for  in  the  days  of  the  First  James  and  Charles, 
poor  Piedmontese,  and  more  especially  Savoyards, 
resorted  to  England  for  the  express  purpose. 
How  long  they  laboured  in  this  vocation  is  un- 
known. The  Savoyards,  indeed,  were  then  the 
general  showmen  and  sweeps  of  Europe,  'and  so 
they  are  still  in  some  of  the  cities  of  Italy  and 
France. 


As  regards  the  first   introduction  of  English 
children  into  chimneys — the  establishment  of  the 
use  of  climbing  bays — nothing  appears,  according 
to    the    representations    made    to   Parliament  on 
several  occasions,  to  be  known  ;  and  little  atten-. 
tion  seems  to  have  been  paid  to  the  condition  of 
these  infants — some  were    but  little  better— until 
about  1780,  when  the    benevolent  Jonas   Han- 
way,  who    is    said,    but    not    uncontradictedly, 
to  have  been  the  first  person  who  regularlj'  used 
an  umbrella  in  the  streets  of  London,  called  public 
I  attention  to  the  matter.       In  1788  Mr.  Hanway 
I  and  others  brought  a  bill  into  Parliament  for  tlie 
j  better  protection  of  the  climbing  boys,  requiring, 
!  among  other  provisions,  all  master  sweepers  to  be 
licensed,   and    the    names    and  ages  of  all  their 
!  apprentices    registered.       The    House    of    Lords, 
however,  rejected  this  bill,  and  the  28th  George 
I  III.,  c.  48,  was  passed  in  preference.     The  chief 
'  alterations  sought  to  be  effected  by  the  new  Act 
j  were,  that  no  sweeper  should  have  more  than  six 
j  apprentices,  and  that  no  boy  should  be  appren- 
:  ticed    at   a  tenderer  age  than  eight  years.     Pre- 
vioitsly  there  were    no    restrictions    in    either  of 
those  respects. 

These  provisions  were,  however,  very  generally 

violated.     By  one  of  those  "flaws"  or  omissions, 

so  very  common  and  so   little   creditable  to  our 

!  legislation,  it  was  found  that  there  was  no  prohi- 

i  bition  to  a  sweeper's  employing  his  own  children  at 

i  what  age  he  pleased  ;  and  "some,"  or  "several," 

for  I  find  both  words  used,  employed  their  sons, 

and    occasionally    their    daughters,    in    chimney 

climbing  at  the  ages  of  six,  five,  and  even  between 

four  and  five  years!     The  children  of  others,  too, 

were  continuallj'-  being  apprenticed  at  illegal  ages, 

for  no  inquiry  was  made  into  the  lad's  age  beyond 

the   statement  of  his  parents,  or,  in  the  case  of 

parish  apprentices,  beyond  the  (in  those  days)  not 

more   trustworthy  word  of  the  overseers.     Thus 

j  boys  of  six  were  apprenticed — for  apprenticeship 

was  almost  universal — as  boys  of  eight,  by  their 

;  parents ;    while    parish    officers    and    magistrates 

'  consigned  the  workhouse  orphans,  as  a  thing  of 

course,  to  the  starvation  and  tyranny  which  they 

must  have  known  were   very  often  in  store  for 

!  them  when  apprenticed  to  sweepers. 

j       The  following  evidence  was  adduced  before  Par- 

1  liament  on  the   subject  of  infant  labour  in   this 

trade  : — 

Mr.  John  Cook,  a  master  sweeper,  then  of 
Great  Windmill-street  and  Kentish-town,  the  first 
who  persevered  in  the  use  of  the  machine  years 
before  its  use  was  compulsory,  stated  that  it  was 
common  for  parents  in  the  business  to  employ 
their  own  children,  under  the  age  of  seven,  in 
climbing  ;  r*nd  that  as  far  as  he  knew,  he  himself 
was  only  between  six  and  seven  when  he  "came 
to  it;"  and  that  almost  all  master  sweepers  had  got 
it  in  their  bills  that  they  kept  "  small  boys  for 
register-stoves,  and  such  like  as  that." 

Mr.  T.  Allen,  another  master  sweeper,  was  be- 
tween four  and  five  when  articled  to  an  uncle. 

Mr.  B.  M.  Forster,  a  private  gentleman,  a  mem- 
ber of  the  "Committee  to  promote  the  Superseding 
of  Climbing  Boys,"  said,  "  Sonie  are  put  to  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


34: 


-nt  vt-rv  yung;  one  instance  of  which 
to  a  child  in  the  neiirhbourhood  of  Shore- 
r.  :  ,  V.  ho  was  put  to  the  trade  at  four  and  a 
quarter  rears,  or  therciibouts.  The  father  of  a 
child  in  Whitechapel  told  rae  last  week,  that  his 
son  began  climbing  when  he  ^vas  four  rears  and 
eight  months  old.  I  have  heard  of  some  still 
yoonger,  but  only  from  vague  report." 

This  sufficiently  proves  at  what  infantine  years 
children  were  exposed  to  toils  of  exceeding  pain- 
fulnes).  The  smaller  and  the  more  slenderly 
formed  the  child,  the  more  valuable  was  he  for 
the  sweeping  of  flues,  the  interior  of  some  of 
them,  to  be  ascended  and  swept,  being  but  seven 
inches  square. 

I  have  mentioned  the  employment  of  female 
children  in  the  very  unsuitable  labour  of  climb- 
ing chimneys.  The  following  is  all  the  informa- 
tion given  on  the  subject. 

Mr.  Tooke  was  asked,  "  Have  you  ever  heard 
of  female  children  being  so  employed?"  and 
replied,  "  I  have  heard  of  cases  at  Hadley,  Bar- 
net.  Windsor,  and  Uxbridge;  and  I  know  a  case 
at  Witham,  near  Colchester,  of  that  sort.*' 

Mr.  B.  M.  Foster  said,  "  Another  circumstance, 
which  has  not  been  mentioned  to  the  Committee, 
is,  that  there  are  several  little  girls  employed  ; 
there  are  two  of  the  name  of  Morgan  at  Windsor, 
daughters  of  the  chimney-sweeper  who  is  em- 
■  il  *,,  sweeji  the  cfiimne>/s  of  the  Castle;  ano- 
-tmce  at  Uxbridge,  and  at  Brighton,  and 
Hi  V.";.i:,  chapel  (which  was  some  years  ago),  and 
at  Headley  near  Bamet,  and  Witham  in  Essex, 
and  elsewhere."  lie  then  stated,  on  being  asked, 
"  Do  you  not  think  that  girls  were  employed 
from  their  physical  form  being  smaller  and 
thinner  than  boys,  and  therefore  could  get  up 
narrower  flues?"  '•  The  reason  that  I  have  uiider- 
itood  was,  because  their  parents  had  not  a  suffi- 
cient number  of  boys  to  bring  up  to  the  business." 
Wr.  Foster  did  not  know  the  ages  of  these  girb. 

The  inquiry  by  a  C  munittee  of  the  House  of 
Commons,  which  led  more  than  any  other  to  the 
j,rr.i,.(,;t,.,„  of  this  infant  and  yet  jjainful  labour 
•y-swfeping,  was  held  in  l.sl7,  and  they 
:  I  .1'  n.ied  the  "preventing  the  further  use  of 
cliiuliiiig  boys  in  sweeping  of  chimneys;"  a  re- 
commendation not  carried  into  effect  until  1832. 
Th«»  matter  w.vs  during  the  interval  frequently 
s.'it;it'd  111  rariiaiiioiit,  but  there  were  no  later 
inv»  .ligations  by  Committees. 

I   will  adduce,  speciikaliv,  the  grievances,  ac- 

cordinj?  to  the  Report  of  1817,  of  the  climbing 

5    '  •   .'.    I   tirst  present  the  following  extract 

ic  of  Mr.  W.  Tooke,  a  gentleman 

•  !th  the  Hon.  Henry  Grey 

■r»,  exerted  himself  on  the 
'"  '  '  :   ■  t  .:  boys.     When  bo  gave  his 

evidence,  Mr.  Tt>ok«  was  tiM  secretary  to  a  society 
whose  objfct  was  to  tupertede  the  aecesbity  of 
emj.'  ■  ,ys.     He  sbmI  :— 

,  the  Society  for  Bettering 

...    -uor  took  up  the  subject,  but 

or  nothing  appears  to  have  been  done  upon 

occsuion,  Except  that  the  meet  lespecuble 


th,- 

litt!. 

th.a 


mastT  chimney-sweepers  entered  into  an 


tion  and  subscription  for  promoting  the  cleanliness 
and  health  of  the  boys  in  their  respective  services. 
The   Institution   of  which    I   am    treasurer,    and 
which  is  now  existing,  was  formed  iu  February, 
1803.     In  consequence  of  an  anonymous  adver- 
tisement, a  large  meeting  was  held  at  the  London 
Coffee  House,  and  the  Society   was  established ; 
immediate  steps  were  then  taken  to  ascertain  the 
j  state   of  the    trade ;    inspectors    were   appointed 
1  to  give  an  account  of  all   the   master  chimney- 
}  sweepers   within    the    bills   of    mortality,    their 
j  general   character,    their   conduct    towards   their 
I  apprentices,  and  the  number  of  those  apprentices. 
j  It    was   ascertained,   that   the    total    number   of 
master    chimney-sweepers,    within    the    bills   of 
I  mortality,  might  be  estimated  at  200,  who  had 
j  among  them  500  apprentices ;  that  not  above  20 
j  of  those  masters  were  reputable  tradesmen  in  easy 
I  circumstances,  who  appeared  generally  to  conform 
to  the  provisions  of  the  Act ;  and  which  20  had, 
upon  an  average,  from  four   to  five  apprentices 
each.     We  found  about  90  of  an  inferior  class  of 
master   chimney-sweepers    who     averaged     three 
apprentices  each,  and  who  were  extremely  negli- 
gent both  of  the  health,  morals,  and  education  of 
those  apprentices ;  and  about  90,  the  remainder 
of  the   200  masters,   were  a   class  of  chimney- 
sweepers recently  journeymen,  who  took  up  the 
trade  because  they  had  no  other  resource ;  they 
picked  up  boys  as  they  could,  who  lodged  with 
themselves  in  huts,  sheJs,  and  cellars,  in  the  out- 
skirts of  the  town,   occasionally   wandering  into 
the  villages  round,  where  they  slept  on  soot-bags, 
and  lived  in  the  grossest  filth." 

The  grievances  1  have  spoken  of  were  thus 
summed  up  by  the  Parlianientary  Committee. 
After  referring  to  the  ill-usage  and  hardships  sus- 
tained b}'  the  climbing  boys  (the  figures  being 
now  introduced  for  the  sake  of  distinctness)  it  is 
stated  : — 

"  It  is  in  evidence  that  (1)  they  are  stolen 
from"  [and  sold  by]  "their  parents,  and  in- 
veigled out  of  workhouses;  (2)  that  in  order  to 
conquer  the  natural  repugnance  of  the  infanta  to 
ascend  the  narrow  and  dangerous  chimneys  to 
clean  which  their  labour  is  required,  blows  are 
used ;  that  pins  are  forced  into  their  feet  by  the 
boy  that  follows  them  up  the  chimney,  in  order 
to  compel  them  to  ascend  it,  and  that  lighted 
straw  has  been  applied  for  that  purpose ;  (3)  that 
the  children  are  subject  to  sores  and  bruises,  and 
wounds  and  burns  on  their  thighs,  knees,  and 
elbows ;  and  that  it  will  require  many  months 
before  the  extremities  of  the  elbows  and  knees 
become  sufficiently  hard  to  resist  the  excoriations 
to  which  they  are  at  first  subject." 

1.  With  regard  to  the  stmling  or  kidnapping 
of  children — for  there  was  often  a  difficulty 
in  procuring  climbing  boys — I  find  mention  in 
the  evidence,  as  of  a  matter,  but  not  a  very 
frequent  matter,  of  notoriety.  One  stolen  child 
was  sold  to  a  master  sweeper  for  8/.  8a.  Mr.  G. 
llevely  said  :  — 

"  1  wi»h  to  state  to  the  Committee  that  case  in 
particular,  because  it  comes  home  to  the  better 
sort  of  persons  in  higher  life.     It  seems  that  the 


348 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


child,  upon  being  asked  various  questions,  had  been 
taken  away  :  the  child  was  questioned  how  he 
came  into  that  situation ;  he  said  all  that  he  could 
recollect  was  (as  I  heard  it  told  at  that  time)  that 
he  and  his  sister,  with  another  brother,  were  toge- 
ther somewhere,  but  he  could  not  tell  where  ;  but 
not  being  able  to  run  so  well  as  the  other  two, 
he  was  caught  by  a  woman  and  carried  away 
and  was  sold,  and  came  afterwards  into  the  hands 
of  a  chimney-sweeper.  He  was  not  afterwards 
restored  to  his  family,  and  the  mystery  was  never 
unravelled ;  but  he  was  advertised,  and  a  lady 
took  charge  of  him. 

"  This  child,  in  1804,  was  forced  up  a  chimney 
at  Bridlington  in  Yorkshire,  by  a  big  boy,  the 
younger  boy  being  apparently  lout  four  years  old. 
He  fell  and  bruised  his  legs  terribly  against  the 
grate.  The  Misses  Auckland  of  Boynton,  who  had 
heard  of  the  child,  and  went  to  see  him,  became 
interested  by  his  manners,  and  they  took  him  home 
with  them  ;  the  chimney-sweeper,  who  perhaps  got 
alarmed,  being  glad  to  part  with  him.  "  Soon  after 
he  got  to  Boynton,  the  seat  of  Sir  George  Strickland, 
a  plate  with  something  to  eat  was  brought  him  ;  on 
seeing  a  silver  fork  he  was  quite  delighted,  and 
said,  '  Papa  had  such  forks  as  those.'  He  also 
said  the  carpet  in  the  drawing-room  was  like 
papa's;  the  housekeeper  showed  him  a  silver 
watch,  he  asked  what  sort  it  was — '  Papa's  was  a 
gold  watch  ;'  he  then  pressed  the  handle  and  said, 
'Papa's  watch  rings,  why  does  not  yours?'  Sir 
George  Strickland,  on  being  told  this  circum- 
stance, showed  him  a  gold  repeater,  the  little  boy 
pressed  the  spring,  and  when  it  struck,  he  jumped 
about  the  room,  saying,  *  Papa's  watch  rings  so.' 
At  night,  when  he  was  going  to  bed,  he  said  he 
could  not  go  to  bed  until  he  had  said  his  prayers ; 
he  then  repeated  the  Lord's  Prayer,  almost  per- 
fectly. The  account  he  gave  of  himself  was  that 
he  was  gathering  flowers  in  his  mamma''3  garden, 
and  that  the  woman  who  sold  him  to  the  sweeper, 
came  in  and  asked  him  if  he  liked  riding  ]  He 
said,  '  Yes,'  and  she  told  him  he  should  ride  with 
her.  She  put  him  on  a  horse,  after  which  they  got 
into  a  vessel,  and  the  sails  were  put  up, '  and  away 
we  went,'  He  had  no  recollection  of  his  name,  or 
where  he  lived,  and  was  too  young  to  think  his 
father  could  have  any  other  name  than  that  of 
papa.  He  started  whenever  he  heard  a  servant 
in  the  family  at  Boynton  called  George,  and 
looked  as  if  he  expected  to  see  somebody  he 
knew ;  on  inquiry,  he  said  he  had  an  uncle 
George,  whom  he  loved  dearly.  He  says  his 
mamma  is  dead,  and  it  is  thought  his  father  may 
be  abroad.  From  many  things  he  says,  he  seems 
to  have  lived  chiefly  with  an  uncle  and  aunt, 
whom  he  invariably  says  were  called  Mr,  and 
Mrs.  Flembrough.  From  various  circumstances, 
it  is  thought  impossible  he  should  be  the  child  of 
the  woman  who  sold  him,  his  manners  being  '  very 
civilized,'  quite  those  of  a  child  well  educated; 
his  dialect  is  good,  and  that  of  the  south  of  Eng- 
land. This  little  boy,  when  first  discovered,  was 
conjectured  to  be  about  four  years  old,  and  is 
described  as  having  beautiful  black  eyes  and  eye- 
lashes, a  high  nose,  and  a  delicate  soft  skin." 


'"  Mr.  J.  Harding,  a  master  sweeper,  had  a  fellow 
apprentice  who  had  been  enticed  away  from  his 
parents.  "  It  is  a  case  of  common  occurrence,"  he 
said,  "  for  children  stolen,  to  be  employed  in  this 
way.  Yes,  and  children  in  particular  are  enticed 
out  of  workhouses  :  there  are  a  great  many  who 
come  out  of  workhouses." 

The  following  cases  were  also  submitted  to  the 
Committee : — 

"  A  poor  woman  had  been  obliged  by  sickness 
to  go  into  an  hospital,  and  while  she  was  there  her 
child  was  stolen  from  her  house,  taken  into  Staf- 
fordshire, and  there  apprenticed  to  a  clnmney- 
sweeper.  By  some  happy  circumstance  she  learned 
his  fate;  she  followed  him,  and  succeeded  in 
rescuing  him  from  his  forlorn  situation.  Another 
child,  who  was  an  orphan,  was  tricked  into  follow- 
ing the  same  wretched  employment  by  a  chimney- 
sweeper, who  gave  him  a  shilling,  and  made  him 
believe  that  by  receiving  it  he  became  his  appren- 
tice ;  the  poor  boy,  either  discovering  or  suspecting 
that  he  had  been  deceived,  anxiously  endeavoured 
to  speak  to  a  magistrate  who  happened  to  come  to 
the  house  in  which  he  was  sweeping  chimneys, 
but  his  master  watched  him  so  closely  that  he 
could  not  succeed.  He  at  last  contrived  to  tell  his 
story  to  a  blind  soldier,  who  determined  to  right 
the  poor  boy,  and  by  great  exertions  succeeded  in 
procuring  him  his  liberty." 

It  was  in  country  places,  however,  that  the 
stealing  and  kidnapping  of  children  was  the  most 
frequent,  and  the  threat  of  "  the  sweeps  will  get 
you"  was  often  held  out,  to  deter  children  from 
wandering.  These  stolen  infants,  it  is  stated, 
were  usually  conveyed  to  some  distance  by  the 
vagrants  who  had  secured  them,  and  sold  to  some 
master  sweeper,  being  apprenticed  as  the  child  of 
the  vendors,  for  it  was  difficult  for  sweepers  in  thinly- 
peopled  places  to  get  a  supply  of  climbing  boys. 
It  was  shown  about  the  time  of  the  Parliamentary 
inquiry,  in  the  course  of  a  trial  at  the  Lancaster 
assizes,  that  a  boy  had  been  apprenticed  to  a 
sweeper  by  two  travelling  tinkers,  man  and 
woman,  who  informed  him  that  the  child  was 
stolen  from  another  "  traveller,"  80  miles  away, 
who  was  "too  fond  of  it  to  make  it  a  sweep." 
The  price  of  the  child  was  not  mentioned. 

Respecting  the  sale  of  children  to  be  appren- 
tices to  sweepers,  Mr.  Tooke  Avas  able  to  state  that, 
although  in  1816,  the  practice  had  very  much 
diminished  of  late,  parents  in  many  instances  still 
sold  tlieir  children  for  three,  four,  or  five  gidneas. 
This  sum  was  generally  paid  under  the  guise  of 
an  apprentice  fee,  but  it  was  known  to  be  and 
was  called  a  "sale,"  for  the  parents,  real  or 
nominal,  never  interfered  with  the  master  subse- 
quently, but  left  the  infant  to  its  fate. 

2.  I  find  the  following  account  of  the  means 
resorted  to,  in  order  to  induce,  or  more  frequently 
com23el,  tlcese  wretched  infants  to  work. 

The  boy  in  the  first  instance  went  for  a  month, 
or  any  term  agreed  upon,  "  on  trial,"  or  "  to  see 
how  he  would  suit  for  the  business."  During 
this  period  of  probation  he  was  usually  well 
treated  and  well  fed  (whatever  «he  character  of 
the   master),  with   little   to  do  beyond  running 


LONDOJSr  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


349 


errands,  and  obsenring  the  mode  of  work  of  the 
experienced  climbers.  When,  however,  he  was 
*•  bound  '  as  an  apprentice,  he  was  put  with  another 
lad  who  had  been  for  some  time  at  the  business. 
The  new  boy  was  sent  first  up  the  chimney,  and, 
immediatel}'  followed  by  the  other,  who  instructed 
him  how  to  ascend.  This  was  accomplished  by 
the  pressure  of  the  knees  and  the  elbows  against 
the  sides  of  the  flue.  By  pressing  the  knees 
tightly  the  child  managed  to  raise  his  arms  some- 
what higher,  and  then  by  pressing  his  elbows  in 
like  manner  he  contrived  to  draw  up  his  legs^ 
and  so  on.  The  inside  of  the  flue  presented  a 
smooth  surface,  and  there  were  no  inequalities 
Avhere  the  fingers  or  toes  could  be  inserted. 
Should  the  young  beginner  fall,  he  was  sure  to  light 
onthe  shoulders  of  the  boy  beneath  him,  who  always 
kept  himself  firmly  fixed  in  expectation  of  such  a 
mishap,  and  then  the  novice  had  to  commence 
anew ;  in  this  manner  the  twain  reached  the 
top  by  degrees,  sweeping  down  the  soot,  and 
descended  by  the  same  method.  This  practice 
was  very  severe,  especially  on  new  boys,  whose 
knees  and  elbows  were  torn  by  the  pressure  and 
the  slipping  down  continually — the  skin  being 
stripped  ofl^,  and  frequently  breaking  out  in  fright- 
ful sores,  from  the  constant  abrasions,  and  from 
the  soot  and  dirt  getting  into  them. 

In  his  evidence  before  Parliament  in  1817  (for 
there  had  been  previous  inquiries),  Mr.  Cook 
gave  an  account  of  the  training  of  these  boys,  and 
on  being  asked : — "  Do  the  elbows  and  knees  of 
the  boys,  when  they  first  begin  the  business, 
become  very  sore,  and  afterwards  get  callous,  and 
are  those  boys  emploj-ed  in  sweeping  chimneys 
during  the  soreness  of  those  parts?"  answered, 
"  It  depends  upon  the  sort  of  master  they  have 
got ;  some  are  obliged  to  put  them  to  work  sooner 
than  others ;  you  must  keep  them  a  little  at  it,  or 
they  will  never  learn  their  business,  even  during 
the  «ore«."  He  stated  further,  that  the  skin 
broke  generally,  and  that  the  boys  could  not 
ascend  chimneys  during  the  sores  without  very 
'-T-at  pain.  The  way  that  I  learn  boys  is,"  he 
tantinued,  "to  put  some  cloths  over  their  elbows 
and  over  their  knees  till  they  get  the  nature  of 
the  chimney — till  they  get  a  little  used  to  it :  we 
call  it  padding  them,  and  then  we  take  them  off, 
and  they  get  very  little  grazed  indeed  after  they 
have  got  the  art ;  but  very  few  will  take  that 
trouble.  Some  boys'  flesh  is  far  worse  than  others, 
and  it  takes  more  time  to  harden  them."  He  was 
then  asked  : — "  Do  those  persons  still  continue  to 
employ  them  to  climb  chimneys  1"  and  the 
answer  was:  "Some  do;  it  depends  upon  the 
character  of  the  master.  None  of  them  of  that 
class  keep  them  till  they  get  well ;  none.  They 
are  oiiliged  to  climb  with  those  sores  upon  them. 
I  never  bad  one  of  my  own  apprentices  do  that." 
This  system  of  padding,  however,  was  but  little 
practised ;  but  in  what  proportion  it  ircw  prac- 
tised, unless  by  the  respectable  roasters,  who  were 
then  but  few  in  number,  the  Parliamentary  papers, 
the  only  information  on  the  subject  now  attain- 
able, do°  not  state.  The  inference  is,  that  the 
majority,  out  of  but  20  of  these  masters,  with 


j  some  80  or  100  apprentices,  did  treat  them  well, 
and  what  was  so  accounted.     The  customary  way 
j  of  training  these  boys,  then,  was  such  as  I  have 
I  described  ;  some  even  of  the  better  masters,  whose 
}  boys  were  in  the  comparison  well  lodged  and  fed, 
j  and  "sent  to  the  Sunday  school"  (which  seems 
to  have   comprised  all   needful  education),   con- 
sidered   "padding   and  such   like"    to  be  "new- 
fangled nonsense." 

I  may  add  also,  that  although  the  boy  carried 
up  a  brush  with  hira,  it  was  used  but  occasionally, 
only  when  there  were  "  turns "  or  defects  in  the 
chimney,  the  soot  being  brought  down  by  the  ac- 
tion of  the  shoulders  and  limbs.  The  climber 
wore  a  cap  to  protect  his  eyes  and  mouth  from 
the  soot,  and  a  sort  of  flannel^nic,  his  feet,  legs, 
and  arms  being  bare.  Some  of  these  lads  were 
surprisingly  quick.  One  man  told  me  that,  when 
in  his  prime  as  a  climbing  boy,  he  could  reach  the 
top  of  a  chimney  about  as  quickly  as  a  person 
could  go  up  stairs  to  the  attics. 

The  following  is  from  the  evidence  of  Mr. 
Cook,  frequently  cited  as  an  excellent  master  : — 

"  What  mode  do  you  adopt  to  get  the  boy  to  go 
up  the  chimney  in  the  first  instance  ? — We  per- 
suade him  as  well  as  we  can ;  we  generally 
practise  him  in  one  of  our  own  chimneys  first ; 
one  of  the  hoys  who  knows  the  trade  goes  up 
behind  hira,  and  when  he  has  practised  it  perhaps 
ten  times,  though  some  will  require  twenty  times, 
they  generally  can  manage  it.  The  boj'  goes  up 
with  him  to  keep  him  from  falling;  after  tiiat,  the 
boy  will  manage  to  go  up  with  himself,  after  going 
up  and  down  several  times  with  one  under  him  ; 
we  do  this,  because  if  he  happens  to  make  a  slip 
he  will  be  caught  by  the  other. 

"  Do  you  find  many  boys  show  repugnance  to 
go  up  at  first? — Yes,  most  of  them. 

"  And  if  the}'  resist  and  reject,  in  what  way  do 
you  force  them  up  ? — By  telling  them  we  must 
take  them  back  again  to  their  father  and  mother, 
and  give  them  up  again ;  and  their  parents  are 
generally  people  who  cannot  maintain  them. 

"  So  that  they  are  afraid  of  going  back  to  their 
parents  for  fear  of  being  starved  1 — Yes  ;  they  go 
through  a  deal  of  hardship  before  they  come  to 
our  trade. 

"  Did  you  use  any  more  violent  means  1 — Some- 
times a  rod. 

"  Did  you  ever  hear  of  straw  being  lighted 
under  them  ? — Never. 

"  You  never  heard  of  any  means  being  made  use 
of,  except  being  beat  and  being  sent  home? — No; 
no  other. 

"  You  are  aware,  of  course,  that  those  means 
being  gentle  or  harsh  must  depend  very  much  upon 
the  character  of  the  individual  master] — It  does. 
"  Of  course  you  must  know  that  there  are  per- 
sons of  harsh  and  cruel  disposition  ;  have  you  not 
often  heard  of  masters  treating  their  apprentices 
with  great  cruelty,  particularly  the  little  boys,  in 
forcing  them  to  go  up  those  small  flues,  which  the 
boys  were  unwilling  to  ascend? — Yes;  1  have 
forced  up  many  a  one  myself.  n 

"  By  what  means  ? — By  threatenings,  and  by 
giving  them  a  kick  or  a  slap." 


k 


350 


LOXnOiV  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


It  was  also  stated  that  the  journeymen  used 
the  boys  with  greater  cruelty  than  did  the  masters 
— indeed  a  delegated  tyranny  is  often  the  worst — 
that  for  very  little  faults  they  kicked  and  slapped 
the  children,  and  sometimes  flogged  them  with  a 
cat,  "  made  of  rope,  hard  at  each  end,  and  as 
thick  as  your  thumb." 

Mr.  John  Fisher,  a  master  chimney-sweeper, 
said  : — "  Many  masters,  are  very  severe  with  their 
children.  To  make  them  go  up  the  chimneys  I 
have  seen  them  make  th©m  strip  themselves 
naked ;  I  have  been  obliged  myself  to  go  up  a 
chimney  naked." 

As  respects  the  crneltios  of  driving  boys  up 
chimneys  by  kindling  straw  beneath  their  feet,  or 
thrusting  pins  int^the  soles  of  their  feet,  I  find 
the  following  statements  given  on  the  authority  of 
B.  M.  Forster,  Esq.,  a  private  gentleman  residing 
in  Waltharastow: — 

"  A  lad  ^vas  ordered  to  sweep  a  chimney  at 
Wandsworth  :  he  came  down  after  endeavouring 
to  ascend,  and  this  occurred  several  times  before 
he  gave  up  the  point;  at  last  the  journeyman  took 
some  straw  or  hay,  and  lighted  it  under  him  to 
drive  him  up  :  when  he  endeavoured  to  get  up  the 
last  time,  he  found  there  was  a  bar  across  the 
chimney,  which  he  could  not  pass;  he  was  obliged 
in  consequence  to  comedown,  and  the  journeyman 
beat  him  so  cruelly,  to  use  his  own  expression, 
that  he  could  not  stand  for  a  fortnight. 

"  In  the  whole  city  of  Norwich  I  could  find 
only  nine  climbing  boys,  two  of  whom  I  questioned 
on  many  particulars ;  one  was  with  respect  to  the 
manner  in  which  they  are  taught  to  climb  ;  they 
both  agreed  in  that  particular,  that  a  larger  boy 
■was  sent  up  behind  them  to  prick  their  feet,  if 
they  did  not  climb  properly.  I  purposely  avoided 
mentioning  about  pricking  them  with  pins,  but 
asked  them  how  they  did  it ;  they  said  that  they 
thrust  the  pins  into  the  soles  of  their  feet.  A 
third  instance  occurred  at  Waltharastow ;  a  man 
told  me  that  some  he  knew  had  been  taught  in 
the  same  way;  I  believe  it  to  be  common,  but  I 
cannot  state  any  more  instances  from  authority." 

3.  On  the  subject  of  the  sores,  bruises,  wounds, 
hums,  and  diseases,  to  which  chimney-sweepers  in 
their  apprenticeships  were  not  only  exposed,  but, 
as  it  were,  condemned,  Mr.  R.  Wright,  a  sur- 
geon, on  being  examined  before  the  Committee, 
said,  "  I  shall  begin  with  Deformity.  I  am  well  per- 
suaded that  the  deformity  of  the  spine,  legs,  arms, 
&c.,  of  chimney-sweepers,  generally,  if  not  wholly, 
proceeds  from  the  circumstance  of  their  being 
obliged  not  only  to  go  up  chimneys  at  an  age 
■when  their  bones  are  in  a  soft  and  growing  state, 
but  likewise  from  their  being  compelled  by  their 
too  merciless  masters  and  mistresses  to  carry  bags 
of  soot  (and  those  very  frequently  for  a  great 
length  of  distance  and  time)  by  far  too  heavy  for 
their  tender  years  and  limbs.  The  knees  and 
ancle  joints  mostly  become  deformed,  in  the  first 
instance,  from  the  position  they  are  obliged  to 
put  them  in,  in  order  to  support  themselves,  not 
only  while  climbing  up  the  chimney,  lut  more 
particularly  so  in  that  of  coming  down,  when  the}- 
rest  solely  on  the  lower  extremities. 


"  Sore  eyes  and  eyelids,  are  the  next  to  be  con- 
sidered. Chimney-sweepers  are  very  subject  to 
inflammation  of  the  eyelids,  and  not  unfrequently 
weakness  of  sight,  in  consequence  of  such  inflam- 
mation. This  I  attribute  to  the  circumstance  of 
the  soot  lodging  on  the  eyelids,  which  first  pro- 
duces irritability  of  the  part,  and  the  constantly 
rubbing  them  with  their  dirty  hands,  instead  of 
alleviating,  increases  the  disease ;  for  I  have  ob- 
served in  a  number  of  cases,  when  the  patient  has 
ceased  for  a  time  to  follow  the  business,  and  of 
course  the  original  cause  has  been  removed,  that 
with  washing  and  keeping  clean  they  were  soon 
got  well. 

"  Sores,  for  the  same  reasons,  are  generally  a 
long  time  in  healing. 

"  Cancer  is  another  and  a  most  formidable  dis- 
ease, which  chimney-sweepers  in  particular  are 
liable  to,  especially  that  of  the  scrotum ;  from 
which  circumstance,  by  way  of  distinction,  it  is 
called  tlic  'chimney-sweeper's  cancer.'  Of  this 
sort  of  cancer  I  have  seen  several  instances,  some 
of  which  have  been  operated  on ;  but,  in  general, 
they  are  apt  to  let  them  go  too  far  before  they 
apph'  for  relief.  Cancers  of  the  lips  are  not  so 
general  as  cancers  of  the  scrotum.  I  never  saw 
but  two  instances  of  the  former,  and  several  of  the 
latter." 

The  "chimney-sweep's  cancer"  was  always 
lectured  upon  as  a  separate  disease  at  Gruy's  and 
Bartholomew's  Hospitals,  and  on  the  question 
being  put  to  Mr.  Wright  :  "  Do  the  physicians 
who  are  intrusted  with  the  care  and  manage- 
ment of  those  hospitals  think  that  disease  of 
such  common  occurrence,  that  it  is  necessary  to 
make  it  a  part  of  surgical  education  1"— he  replied: 
"Most  assuredly;  I  remember  Mr.  Cline  and 
Mr.  Cooper  were  particular  on  that  subject ;  and 
having  one  or  two  cases  of  the  kind  in  the  hos- 
pital, it  struck  my  mind  very  forcibly.  With  the 
permission  of  the  Committee  I  will  relate  a  case 
that  occurred  lately,  which  I  had  from  one  of  the 
pupils  of  St.  Thomas's  Hospital ;  he  informed  me 
that  they  recently  had  a  case  of  a  chimney- 
sweeper's cancer,  which  was  to  have  been  operated 
on  that  week,  but  the  man  'brushed'  (to use  their 
expression)  or  rather  walked  off";  he  would  not 
submit  to  the  operation  :  similar  instances  of  which 
I  have  known  myself.  They  dread  so  much  the 
knife,  in  consequence  of  foolish  persons  telling 
them  it  is  so  formidable  an  operation,  and  that 
they  will  die  under  it.  I  conceive  without  the 
operation  it  is  death ;  for  cancers  are  of  that 
nature  that  unless  you  extricate  them  entirely  they 
will  never  be  cured." 

Of  the  chimney-sweeper's  cancer,  the  following 
statement  is  given  in  the  Report :  "  Mr.  Cline 
informed  your  Committee  by  letter,  that  this  dis- 
ease is  rarely  seen  in  any  other  persons  than 
chimney-sweepers,  and  in  them  cannot  be  con- 
sidered as  frequent;  for  during  his  practice  in  St. 
Thomas's  hospital,  for  more  than  40  years,  the 
number  of  those  could  not  exceed  20.  But  your 
Committee  have  been  informed  that  the  dread  of 
the  operation  which  it  is  necessary  to  perform, 
deters  many  from  submitting  to  it;  and  from  the 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LOXDON  POOR. 


351 


eyidence  of  persons  engaged  in  the  trade,  it  appears 
to  be  much  more  common  than  Mr.  Cline  seems  to 
be  airare  of. 

•'  Vouffk  and  Asthma. — Chimney-sweepers  are, 
fmm  their  being  nut  at  all  hours  and  in  nil 
ireathers,  verj  liable  to  cough  and  inflamniation 
of  tbeckesL 

*•  Bumg. — They  are  very  subject  to  bums,  from 
their  being  forced  up  chimneys  while  on  tire,  or 
soon  after  they  have  been  on  fire,  and  while  ovei> 
heated  ;  and  however  they  may  cry  out,  their  in- 
human masters  pay  not  the  least  attention,  but 
compel  them,  too  often  with  horrid  imprecations, 
to  proceed. 

"'  SluHttd  growth,  in  this  unfortunate  r.-'ce  of  the 
community,  is  attributed,  in  a  great  measure,  to 
their  being  brought  into  the  business  at-  a  very 
early  age."' 

To  aceidatU  they  were  frequently  liable  in  the 
pursuit  of  their  callings,  and  sometimes  these 
:tccidents  were  the  beinjj  jammed  or  fixed,  or.  as 
it  was  called  in  the  tnide,  "stuck,"  in  narrow  and 
heated  flues,  sometimes  for  hours,  and  until  death. 

Among  these  hapless  lads  were  indeed  many 
deaths  from  accidents,  cruelty,  privation,  and  ex- 
haustion, but  it  does  not  appear  that  the  number 
w.«  ever  ascertained.  There  were  also  many 
nrirrow  escapes  from  dreadful  deaths.  I  give  in- 
stances of  each  : — 

"  On  Monday  morning,  the  29th  of  March, 
1S13,  a  chimney-sweeper  of  the  name  of  Griggs, 
attended  to  sweep  a  small  chimney  in  the  brew- 
house  of  Messrs.  Calvert  and  Co.,  in  Upper 
Tliames-»treet ;  ho  was  accompanied  by  one  of  his 
boys,  a  lad  of  about  eight  years  of  age,  of  the 
name  of  Thomas  Pitt,  The  fire  had  been  lighted 
as  early  as  two  o'clock  the  same  morning,  and  was 
burning  on  the  arrival  of  <iriggs  and  his  little 
boy  at  eight:  the  fire-p'ace  was  small,  and  an 
iron  pipe  jwojected  from  the  grate  some  little  dis- 
tance, into  tl»e  flue ;  this  the  master  was  ac- 
'iiiainted  with  (having  swept  the  chimneys  in  the 
hrewhouse  for  some  y&irs)  and  therefore  had  a  tile 
f<r  two  taken  from  the  roof,  in  order  that  the 
boy  might  descend  the  chimney.  lie  had  no 
sooner  extinguished  the  fire  than  he  suffered  the 
lad  to  go  down  ;  and  the  consequence,  as  might  be 
expected,  was  his  almost  immediate  death,  in  a 
fci.-\t»*,  no  doubt,  of  inexpressible  agony.  The  flue 
V'..;'.  of  ti»c  narrowest  description,  and  must  have 
r-.t  I.I'd  heat  sufbcient  to  have  pn-vejited  the 
(  is  reiiirn  to  the  top,  even  supjiosing  he  had 
II  :  aiproached  the  pipe  belonging  to  the  grate, 
V, /i:.ii  must  have  b^t-n  nearly  red-hot;  this,  how- 
f  v.-r,  w.>.<*  not  cleariy  ascf-rtained  on  the  inquest, 
"f  the  body  would  induce 
oeen  unavoidaljiy  pressed 
■\  after  his  descent,  the 
11  ilie  top,  wiu  apprehen- 
i  bap[»ened,  and  therefore 
desired  him  to  Lviua  up  ;  the  answer  of  the  boy 
waj,  '  I  cannot  come  up,  master  ;  I  must  die  here.' 
A-  nlirm  was  given  in  tlie  brewhouse,  imn>e- 
V.  that  he  had  stuck  in  the  chimney,  and  a 
'■■■:.  ..ly-  r   who  was  at  work  near  the  spot  at- 


I  tended,  and  after  knocking  down  part  of  the  brick- 

i  work  of  the  chimney,  just  above   tiie  fire-place, 

I  made  a  hole  sufliciently  large  to  draw  him  tlirough. 

\  A  sur;geon  attended,  but  all  attempts  to  restore 
life  were  ineflfectual.  On  inspecting  the  body, 
various  burns  appeared  ;  the  fleshy  part  of  the 
legs,  and  a  great  part  of  the  feet  more  particularly, 
were  injured:  those  parts,  too,  by  which  climbing 
boys  most  effectually  ascend  or  descend  chimneys, 

;  vis.,  the  elbows  and   knees,  seemed  burnt  to  the 

j  bone;  from  which  it  must  be  evident  that  the 
unhappy  sufferer  made  some  attempts  to  return  as 

I  soon  as   the   horrors  of  his  situation   became  ap- 

j  parent." 

I       *'  In  the   improvement  njade  some  years  since 

j  by  the  Bank  of  England,  in  L«hbury,  a  chimney, 
belonging  to  a  Mr.  Mildrum,  a  baker,    was  taken 

I  down,  but   before  he  began   to  bake,  in  order  to 

{  see  that  the  rest  of  the  flue  was  clear,  a  boy  was 
sent  up,  and  after  remaining  some  time,  and  not 
answering  to  the  call  of  his  master,  another  boj' 
was  ordered  to  descend  from  t!ie  top  of  the  flue 
and  to  meet  him  half-way ;  but  this  being  found 
impracticable,  they  opejied  the  brickwork  in  the 
lower  part  of  the  flue,  and  found  the  first-men- 
tioned boj'  dead.  In  the  mean  time  the  boy  in  the 
upper  part  of  the  flue  called  out  for  relief,  saying,* 

,  he   was   completely  jammed  in   the   rubbish  and 

I  was  unable  to  extricate  himself.  Upon  this  a 
bricklayer  was  employed  with  the  utmost  expe- 
dition, but  he  succeeded  only  in  obtaining  a  life- 
less bodj'.  The  bodies  were  sent  to  St.  Margaret's 
Church,  Lothbury,  and  a  coroner's  inquest,  which 
sat  upon  them,  returned  the  verdict — Accidental 
Death." 
*    "  In  the  beginning  of  the  year  1808,  a  chimney- 

■  sweeper's  boy  being  employed  to  sweep  a  chimney 
in  Marsh-street,  Walthamstow,  in  the  house  of 
Mr.  Jeffery,  carpenter,  unfortunately,  in  his  at- 
tempt to  get  down,  stuck  in  the  flue  and  was 
unable  to  extricate  himself.  Mr.  Jeffery,  being 
within  hearing  of  the  boy,  immediately  procured 
assistance.  As  the  chimney  was  low,  and  the  top 
of  it  easily  accessible  from  without,  the  boy  was 
taken  out  in  about  ten  minutes,  the  chimney-pot 
and  several  rows  of  bricks  having  been  previously 
removed  ;  if  he  had  remained  in  that  dreadful 
situation  many  minutes  longer,  he  must  have 
died.  His  master  was  sent  for,  and  he  arrived 
soon  after  the  boy  had  been  released ;  lie  abused 

,  him  for  the  accident,  and,  after  striking  him,  sent 
him  with  a  bag  of  soot  to  sweep  another  chimney. 
The  child  appeared  so  very  weak  when  taken  out 
that  he  could  scarcely  stand,  and  yet  tliis  wretched 

,  being,  who  had  been  up  ever  since  three  o'clock, 
had  before  been  sent  by  his  master  to  Wanstcad, 
which  with  his  walk  to  Marsh-street  made  about 
five  miies." 

"  In  May,  1817,  a  boy  employed  in  sweeping  a 
chimney  in  Sheffield  got  wedged  fast  in  one  of 
the  flues,  and  remained  in  that  situation  near  two 
hours  before  he  could  be  extricated,  which  was  at 
length  accomplished   by  pulling  down  part  of  the 

^  chimney." 

'  On  one  occasion  a  child  remained  above  two 
hours  in  some  danger  in  a  chimney,  rather  than 


I 


352 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


venture  down  and  encounter  his  master's  anger. 
The  man  was  held  to  bail,  which  he  could  not 
procure. 

As  in  the  cases  I  have  described  (at  Messrs. 
Calvert's,  and  in  Lothbury),  the  verdict  was 
usually  "Accidental  Death,"  or  something  equi- 
valent. 

It  was  otherwise,  however,  where  wilful  cruelty 
was  proven. 

The  following  case  was  a  subject  of  frequent 
comment  at  the  time  : — 

"  On  Friday,  31st  May,  1816,  William  Moles 
and  Sarah  his  wife,  were  tried  at  the  Old  Bailey 
for  the  wilful  murder  of  John  Hewle}-^,  alias 
Haseley,  a  boy  about  six  years  of  age,  in  the 
month  of  April  fbst,  by  cruelly  beating  him. 
Under  the  direction  of  the  learned  judge,  they 
were  acquitted  of  the  crime  of  murder,  but  the 
husband  was  detained  to  take  his  trial  as  for  a 
misdemeanor,  of  which  he  was  convicted  upon  the 
fullest  evidence,  and  sentenced  to  two  years'  im- 
prisonment. The  facts,  as  proved  in  this  case,  are 
too  shocking  in  detail  to  relate  :  the  substance  of 
them  is,  that  he  was  forced  up  the  chimney  on  the 
shoulder  of  a  bigger  boy,  and  afterwards  violently 
pulled  down  again  by  the  leg  and  dashed  upon  a 
marble  hearth ;  his  leg  was  thus  broken,  and 
death  ensued  in  a  few  hours,  and  on  his  body  and 
knees  were  found  scars  arising  from  wounds  of  a 
much  older  date." 

This  long-continued  system  of  cruelties,  of  vio- 
lations of  public  and  private  duties,  bore  and 
ripened  its  natural  fruits.  The  climbing  boys 
grew  up  to  be  unhealthy,  vicious,  ignorant,  and 
idle  men,  for  during  their  apprenticeships  theit 
labour  was  over  early  in  the  day,  and  they  often 
passed  away  their  leisure  in  gambling  in  the 
streets  with  one  another  and  other  children  of 
their  stamp,  as  they  frequently  had  halfpence  given 
to  them.  They  played  also  at  "  chuck  and  toss'"' 
with  the  journeymen,  and  of  course  were  stripped 
of  every  farthing.  Thus  they  became  indolent 
and  fond  of  excitement.  When  a  lad  ceased  to 
be  an  apprentice,  although  he  might  be  but  16,  he 
was  too  big  to  climb,  and  even  if  he  got  employ- 
ment as  a  journeyman,  his  remuneration  was 
wretched,  only  25.  a  week,  with  his  board  and 
lodging.  There  were,  however,  far  fewer  com- 
plaints of  being  insufficiently  fed  than  might  have 
been  expected,  but  the  sleeping  places  were  ex- 
ecrable :  "  They  sleep  in  different  places,"  it  was 
stated,  "sometimes  in  sheds,  and  sometimes  in 
places  which  we  call  barracks  (large  rooms),  or  in 
the  cellar  (where  the  soot  was  kept) ;  some  never 
sleep  upon  anything  that  can  be  called  a  bed; 
some  do." 

Mr.  T.  Allen,  a  master  sweep  for  22  years,  gave 
the  Committee  the  following  account  of  the  men's 
earnings  and  (what  may  be  called)  the  General 
Perquisites  of  the  trade  under  the  exploded 
system  : — 

"  If  a  man  be  25  years  of  age,  he  has  no  more 
than  2s.  a  week ;  he  is  not  clothed,  only  fed  and 
lodged  in  the  same  manner  as  the  boys.  The  2s. 
a  week  is  not  sufficient  to  find  him  clothes  and 


other  necessaries,  certainly  not;  it  is  hardly 
enough  to  find  him  with  shoe-leather,  for  they 
walk  over  a  deal  of  ground  in  going  about  the 
streets.  The  journeyman  is  able  to  live  upon  those 
wages,  for  he  gets  halfpence  given  him  :  supposing 
he  is  16  or  20  years  of  age,  he  gets  the  boys'  pence 
from  them  and  keeps  it ;  and  if  he  happens  to  get 
a  job  for  which  he  receives  a  l^.,  he  gets  &d.  of 
that,  and  his  master  the  other  M.  The  boys'  pence 
are  what  the  boys  get  after  they  have  been  doing 
their  master's  work;  they  get  a  \d.  or  so,  and  the 
journeyman  takes  it  from  them,  and  '  licks'  them 
if  they  do  not  give  it  up."  [These  "jobs,"  after 
the  master's  work  had  been  done,  were  chance 
jobs,  as  when  a  journeyman  on  his  round  was 
called  on  by  a  stranger,  and  unexpectedly,  to 
sweep  a  chimney.  Sometimes,  by  arrangement  of 
the  journeyman  and  the  lad,  the  proceeds  never 
reached  the  master's  pocket.  Sometimes,  but 
rarely,  such  jobs  were  the  journeyman's  rightful 
perquisite.]  "  Men,"  proceeds  Mr.  Allen,  "  who 
are  22  and  23  years  of  age  will  play  with  the 
young  boys  and  win  their  money.  That  is,  they 
get  half  the  money  from  them  by  force,  and  the 
rest  by  fraud.  They  are  driven  to  this  course 
from  the  low  wages  which  the  masters  give  them, 
because  they  have  no  other  means  to  get  anything 
for  themselves,  not  even  the  few  necessaries  which 
they  may  want;  for  even  what  they  want  to  wash 
with  they  must  get  themselves.  As  to  what  be- 
comes of  the  money  the  boys  get  on  May-day, 
when  they  are  in  want  of  clothes,  the  master  will 
buy  them,  as  check  shirts  or  handkerchiefs.  These 
masters  get  a  share  of  the  money  which  the  boys 
collect  on  May-day.  The  boys  have  about  Is.  or 
Is.  %d. ;  the  journeyman  has  also  his  share  ;  then 
the  master  takes  the  remainder,  which  is  to  buy 
the  boys'  clothes  and  other  necessaries,  as  they  say. 
I  cannot  exactly  tell  what  the  average  amount  is 
that  a  boy  will  get  on  the  May-day ;  the  most 
that  my  boy  ever  got  was  5s.  But  I  think  that 
the  boys  get  more  than  that ;  I  should  think  they 
get  as  much  as  9s.  or  10s,  apiece.  The  Christmas- 
boxes  are  generally,  I  believe,  divided  among 
themselves  (among  the  hojs) ;  but  I  cannot  say 
rightly.  It  is  spent  in  buying  silk  handkerchiefs, 
or  Sunday  shoes,  I  believe ;  but  I  am  not  per- 
fectly sure." 

Of  the  condition  and  lot  of  the  operatives  who 
were  too  big  to  go  up  chimneys,  Mr.  J.  Fisher,  a 
master-sweeper,  gave  the  following  account :  — 
"  They  get  into  a  roving  toay,  and  go  about  from 
one  master  to  another,  and  they  often  come  to  no 
good  end  at  last.  They  sometimes  go  into  the 
country,  and  after  staying  there  some  time,  they 
come  back  again  ;  I  took  a  boy  of  that  sort 
very  latelj'  and  kept  him  like  my  own,  and  let 
him  go  to  school ;  he  asked  me  one  Sunday  to  let 
him  go  to  school,  and  I  was  glad  to  let  him  go, 
and  I  gave  him  leave ;  he  accordingly  went,  and  I 
have  seen  nothing  of  him  since;  before  he  went 
he  asked  me  if  I  would  let  him  come  home  to  see 
my  child  buried;  I  told  him  to  ask  his  school- 
master, but  he  did  not  come  back  again.  I  cannot 
tell  what  has  become  of  him ;  he  was  to  have 
served  me  for  twelve  months.     I  did  not  take  him 


^    .1 


02      M 

I 


•^ 

^ 
•K 

S 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


353 


from  the  parish;  be  ciune  to  me.  H«  s&id  bis 
parejits  were  dead.  Tlie  efect  of  tiie  roving  habit 
of  the  large  boys  when  the}/  lecovie  too  targe  to 
climb,  it,  that  they  get  one  with  another  and  learn 
had  habitifrom  oue  another ;  theg  never  mil  stop 
long  in  any  one  place.  They  frequently  go  into 
the  country  and  get  various  places  ;  perhaps  they 
stop  a  luoQth  at  each  ;  some  try  to  get  roasters 
themselves,  and  some  will  get  into  bad  company, 
which  very  often  happens.  Th(»  they  turn  thieves, 
they  gel  lacy,  i/iey  won't  work^  and  people  do  not 
tike  to  employ  tlUm  lest  they  should  take  anytliing 
out  of  tJieir  house*.  The  generality  of  t/tem  never 
settle  in  any  steady  business.  They  generally 
turn  loose  characters,  and  people  will  not  em- 
ploy them  leftt  they  should  take  anything  out  of 
the  house." 

The  criminal  aanals  of  the  kingdom  bear  out 
the  foregoing  account.  Some  of  these  boys,  indeed, 
when  they  attained  man's  estate,  became,  in  n 
great  measure,  through  their  skill  in  climbing, 
expert  and  enterprising  burglars,  breaking  into 
pkcea  where  few  men  Avould  have  cared  to  ven- 
ture. One  of  the  most  daring  feats  ever  at- 
tempted and  accomplished  was  the  escape  from 
Newgate  by  a  sweeper  about  15  years  ago.  He 
climbed  by  the  aid  of  his  knees  and  elbows  a 
height  of  nearly  80  feet,  though  the  walls,  in  the 
comer  of  the  prison-yard,  where  this  was  done, 
were  nearly  of  an  even  surface ;  the  slightest  slip 
could  not  have  failed  to  have  precipitated  the  sweep- 
er to  the  bottom.  He  was  then  under  sentence  of 
death  for  highway  robbery. 

"  His  name  was  Whitehead,  and  he  done  a 
more  wonderfuUer  thing  nor  that,"  remarked  an 
infonoant,  who  had  been  his  master.  "  We  was 
swecfking  the  bilers  in  a  sugar-house,  and  he  went 
firon  the  biler  up  the  flue  of  the  chimney,  it  was 
■Mrly  tiM  high  as  the  Monument,  that  chimney;  I 
shoMid  lay  it  was  30  or  40  feet  higher  nor' the 
wigar-hoHse.  He  got  out  at  the  top,  and  slid 
down  the  bare  brickwork  on  the  outside,  on  to 
the  roof  of  the  house,  got  through  an  attic  window 
in  the  roof,  and  managed  to  get  off  without  any 
one  knowing  what  became  of  him.  That  was  the 
■lost  wonderfullcst  thing  I  e\-er  knowed  in  my  life. 
I  don't  know  how  he  escaped  from  being  killed,  but 
he  wau  always  an  oudocious  feller.  It  was  nearly 
three  months  after  afore  we  foand  him  in  the 
country.  I  don't  know  where  they  sent  him  to 
after  he  wa«  brought  back  to  Newgate,  bnt  I  hear 
they  made  him  a  turnkey  in  a  prison  somewhere, 
and  that  he  's  doing  very  well  now."  The  feat  at 
the  •tigarhouie  could  be  only  to  escape  from  his 
iijipr-nticpihip. 

1  I  tiie  course  of  the  wiiole  Parliamentary 
c'.:dciice  the  sweepers,  reared  under  the  ohl 
clinbiag  systeai,  are  spoken  of  as  a  "  short-lived  " 
nee,  bat  no  atatittics  could  be  given.  Some  died 
old  men  in  middle  age,  in  the  workhouses. 
Many  itere  wiert  vagrants  at  the  time  of  their 
death. 

I  took  the  statement  of  a  man  who  had  been 
what  he  called  a  "  climbing "  in  hi*  childhood, 
bat  as  he  is  now  a  master- sweeper,  and  has  indeed 
gone  through  all  grades  of  the  business,  I  shall 


give  it  in  my  account  of  the  present  condition  of 
tl»e  sweepers. 

Climbing  is  still  occasionally  resorted  to,  espe- 
cially when  repairs  are  required,  "  but  the  climb- 
ing boys,"  I  was  told,  "are  now  men."  These 
are  slight  dwarfish  men,  whose  services  are  often 
in  considerable  request,  and  cannot  at  all  times  be 
commanded,  as  there  are  only  about  twenty  of 
them  in  London,  so  effectually  has  climbing  been 
suppressed.  These  little  men,  I  was  told,  did 
pretty  well,  not  unfrequently  getting  25.  or 
2a'.  6d.  for  a  single  job. 

As  regards  the  labour  question,  during  the  ex- 
istence of  the  climbing  boys,  we  find  in  the  Report 
the  following  results  : — 

The  nominal  wages  to  the  journeymen  were 
2*.  a  week,  with  board  and  lodging.  The  appren- 
tices received  no  wages,  their  masters  being  only 
required  to  feed,  lodge,  and  clothe  them. 

The  actual  wages  were  the  same  as  the  nominal, 
with  the  addition  of  Is.  a^  perquisites  in  money. 
There  were  other  perquisites  in  liquor  or  broken 
meat. 

In  the  Reports  are  no  accounts  of  the  duration 
of  labour  throughout  the  year,  nor  can  I  obtain 
from  master-sweepers,  who  were  in  the  business 
during  the  old  mode,  any  sufficient  data  upon 
which  to  found  any  calculations.  The  employ- 
ment, however,  seems  to  have  been  generally  con- 
tinuous, running  throush  the  year  ;  though  in  the 
course  of  the  twelvemonth  one  master  would  have 
four  and  another  six  different  journeymen,  but 
only  one  at  a  time.  The  vagrant  propensities  of 
the  class  is  a  means  of  accounting  for  this. 

The  nominal  wages  of  those  journeymen  who 
resided  in  their  own  apartments  were  generally 
14.<!.  a  week,  and  their  actual  about  2s.  Qd.  extra 
in  the  form  of  perquisites.  Others  resided  "  on 
the  premises,"  having  the  care  of  the  boys,  with 
board  and  lodgings  and  5«.  a  week  in  money 
nominally,  and  7s.  6d.  actually,  the  perquisites 
being  worth  2s.  6d. 

Concerning  the  general  or  average  wages  of  the 
whole  trade,  I  can  only'present  the  following  com- 
putation. 

Mr.  Tooke,  in  his  evidence  before  the  House 
of  Commons,  stated  that  the  Committee,  of  which 
he  was  a  menib'jr,  had  ascertiuned  that  one  boy 
on  an  average  swept  about  four  chimneys  daily,  at 
prices  varying  from  6d.  to  1«.  (id.,  or  a  medium 
return  of  about  10</.  per  chimney,  exclusive  of 
the  soot,  then  worth  Sd.  or  *Jd.  n  bushel.  "  It 
appears,"  he  said,  "  from  a  datum  I  have  here, 
thai  those  chimney-sweepers  who  keep  six  boys 
(the  greatest  number  allowed  by  law)  gain,  on  an 
average,  nearly  270/. ;  five  boys,  225?.  ;  four 
boys,  180/.  ;  three  boys,  135/.  ; 'two  boys,  90/.; 
and  one  boy  45/.  (yearly),  exclusive  of  the  soot, 
which  is,  I  should  suppose,  upon  an  average,  from 
half  a  bushel  to  a  bushel  every  time  the  chimney 
is  swept." 

"Out  of  the  profits  ynu  mention,"  he  was  then 
asked,  "  the  master  has  to  maintiiin  the  boys?" — 
"  Yes,"  was  the  answer,  "and  when  the  expenses 
of  house  and  cellar  rent,  and  the  wages  of  jour- 
neymen, and  the  maintenance  of  apprentices,  are 


Z5i 


LONDON-  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


taken  into  the  account,  the  number  of  master 
chimney-sweepers  is  not  only  more  than  the  trade 
will  support,  but  exceeds,  bj-  above  one-third, 
what  the  public  exigency  requires.  The  Com- 
mittee also  ascertained  that  the  200  master 
chimney-sweepers  in  the  metropolis  were  sup- 
posed to  have  in  their  employment  150  journey- 
men and  500  boys." 

The  matter  may  be  reduced  to  a  tabular  form, 
expressing  the  amount  in  money — for  it  is  not 
asserted  that  the  masters  generally  gained  on  the 
charge  for  their  journeymen's  board  and  lodging 
— as  follows  : — 

Expenditure   of  Master  Chimney-Sweepers 

UKDER   THE    ClIMBIKG-BoY    SySTEM. 

Yearly. 

20  journeymen  at  individual  wages, 
14s.  each  weekly         ....     £780 

30  ditto,  say  125.  weekly         .         .        936 

100  ditto,  105.  ditto        .         .         .     2,600 

Board,    Lodging,   and    Clothing    of 
500  boys,  4s.  6d.  weekly     . 

Rent,  20  large  traders,  10s.     . 

Do.  30  others,  7s.  . 

Do.  150  do.,  3s.  6d. 

20  horses  (keep),  10s. 

General  wear  and  tear     . 

£13,317 
It  appears  that  about  180  of  the  master  chim- 
ney-sweepers were  themselves  working   men,  in 
the  same  way  as  their  journeymen. 

The  following,  then,  may  be  taken  as  the — 

Yearly  Receipts  of  the  Master  Sweepers 
under  the  Cli3ibing-Boy  System. 

Yearly. 
Payment    for    sweeping    624,000 
chimneys  (4  daily,  according  to  evi- 
dence before  Parliament,  by  each  of 
500  boys),  lOtZ.  per  chimney,  or  yearly  £26,000 

Soot  (according  to  same  account), 
say  5d.  per  chimney         .         .         .      13,000 


Total 
Yearly  expenditure 


£39,000 
13,317 


Yearly  profit  .  .  £25,683 
This  yielded,  then,  according  to  the  informa- 
tion submitted  to  the  House  of  Commons  Select 
Committee,  as  the  profits  of  the  trade  prior  to 
1817,  an  individual  j'early  gain  to  each  master 
sweeper  of  128/.;  but,  taking  Mr.  Tooke's  average 
yearlj'  profit  for  the  six  classes  of  tradesmen, 
270/.,  225/.,  180/.,  135/.,  90/.,  and  45/.  respec- 
tively, the  individual  profit  averages  above  157/. 

Tiie  capital,  I  am  informed,  would  not  average 
above  two  guineas  per  master  sweeper,  nothing 
being  wanted  beyond  a  few  common  sacks,  made 
by  the  sweepers'  wives,  and  a  few  brushes.  Only 
about  20  had  horses,  but  barrows  were  occasion- 
j      ally  hired  at  a  busy  time. 

In  the  foregoing  estimates  I  have  not  included 

any  sums  for  apprentice  fees,  as   I  believe  there 

j      would  be  something  like  a  balance  in  the  matter, 

I      the  masters  sometimes  paying  parents  such  pre- 


miums^ for  the  use  of  their  children  as  they  re- 
ceived from  the  parishes  for  the  tuition  and  main- 
tenance of  others. 

Of  the  morals,  education,  religion,  mamage, 
Sec,  of  sweepers,  under  the  two  systems,  I  shall 
speak  in  another  place. 

It  may  be  somewhat  curious  to  conclude  with  a 
word  of  the  extent  of  chimneys  swept  by  a 
climbing  boy.  One  respectable  master-sweeper  told 
me  that  for  eleven  years  he  had  climbed  five  or 
six  days  weekly.  During  this  period  he  thought 
he  had  swept  fifteen  chimneys  as  a  week's  ave- 
rage, each  chimney  being  at  least  40  feet  in  height; 
so  traversing,  in  ascending  and  descending, 
686,400  feet,  or  130  miles  of  a  world  of  soot. 
This,  however,  is  little  to  what  has  been  done 
by  a  climber  of  30  years'  standing,  one  of 
the  little  men  of  whom  I  have  spoken.  My 
informant  entertained  no  doubt  that  this  man  had, 
for  the  first  22  years  of  his  career,  climbed  half 
as  much  again  as  he  himself  had ;  or  had  tra- 
versed 2,059,200  feet  of  the  interior  of  chimneys, 
or  390  miles.  Since  the  new  Act  this  man  had 
of  course  climbed  less,  but  had  still  been  a  good 
deal  employed;  so  that,  adding  his  progresses  for 
the  last  9  years  to  the  22  preceding,  he  must  have 
swept  about  456  miles  of  chimney  interiors. 

Op  the  Chimney-Sweepers  of  the  Present 
Day. 

The  chimney-sweepers  of  the  present  day  are 
distinguished  from  those  of  old  by  the  use  of 
machines  instead  of  climbing  boys,  for  the  purpose 
of  removing  the  soot  from  the  flues  of  houses. 

The  chimney-sweeping  machines  were  first  used 
in  this  country  in  the  year  1803.  They  were  the 
invention  of  Mr.  Smart,  a  carpenter,  residing  at 
the  foot  of  Westminster-bridge,  Surrey.  On  the 
earlier  trials  of  the  machine  (which  was  similar 
to  that  used  at  present,  and  which  I  shall  shortly 
describe),  it  was  pronounced  successful  in  99  cases 
out  of  100,  according  to  some  accounts,  but  failing 
where  sharp  angles  occurred  in  the  flue,  which 
arrested  its  progress. 

"  Means  have  been  suggested,"  said  Mr.  Tooke, 
formerly  mentioned,  in  his  evidence  before  a 
Committee  of  the  House  of  Commons,  "for  ob- 
viating that  difficulty  by  fixed  apparatus  at  the 
top  of  the  flue  with  a  jack-chain  and  pulley,  by 
which  a  brush  could  be  worked  up  and  down,  or 
it  could  be  done  as  is  customary  abroad,  as  I  have 
repeatedly  seen  it  at  Petersburgh,  and  heard  of  its 
being  done  universally  on  the  Continent,  by  letting 
down  a  bullet  with  a  brush  attached  to  it  from 
the  top  ;  but  to  obviate  the  inconvenience,  which  is 
considerable,  from  persons  going  upon  the  roof  of 
a  house,  Mr.  John  White,  junior,  an  eminent  sur- 
veyor, has  suggested  the  expediency  of  putting 
iron  shutters  or  registers  to  each  flue,  in  the  roof 
or  cockloft  of  each  house  ;  by  opening  which,  and 
Vorking  the  machine  upwards  and  downwards,  or 
letting  down  the  bullet,  which  is  the  most  com- 
pendious manner,  the  chimney  will  be  most  effect- 
ually cleansed;  and,  by  its  aperture  at  bottom 
being  kept  well  closed,  it  would  be  done  with 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


355 


the  least  possible  dirt  and  inconvenience  to  the 
fiunily.' 

The  society  for  the  supersedence  of  the  labour 
of  climbing  boys  promoted  the  adoption  of  the 
machines  by  all  the  means  in  their  power,  pre- 
senting the  new  instrument  gratuitously  to  several 
master  sweepers  who  were  too  poor  to  purchase  it. 
Experiments  were  made  and  duly  published  as  to 
the  effectual  manner  in  which  the  chimneys  at 
Guildhall,  the  Mansion  House,  the  then  new 
Castom  House,  Dulwich  College,  and  in  other 
public  edifices,  had  been  cleansed  by  the, machine. 
But  these  statements  seem  to  have  produced  little 
effect.  People  thought,  perhaps,  that  the  raechaui- 
ciil  means  which  might  very  well  cleanse  the 
chimneys  of  large  public  buildings — and  it  was 
said  that  the  chimneys  of  the  Custom  House  were 
built  with  a  view  to  the  use  of  the  machine — 
might  not  be  so  serviceable  for  the  s.ime  purposes 
in  small  private  dwellings.  Experiments  continued 
to  be  made,  often  in  the  presence  of  architects,  of 
the  more  respectable  sweepers,  and  of  ladies  and 
gentlemen  who  took  a  philanthropic  interest  in  the 
question,  between  the  years  1803  and  1817,  but 
with  little  influence  upon  the  general  public,  for  in 
1817  Mr.  Smart  supposed  that  there  were  but  50 
or  60  machines  in  general  use  in  the  metropolis, 
and  those,  it  appeared  from  the  evidence  of  several 
master  sweepers,  were  used  chiefly  in  gentlemen's 
houses,  many  of  those  gentlemen  having  to  be 
authoritative  with  their  servants,  who,  if  not  con- 
-troUed,  always  preferred  the  services  of  the  climb- 
ing boys.  Most  servants  had  perquisites  from  the 
master  sweepers,  in  the  largest  and  most  profitable 
ways  of  business,  and  they  seemed  to  fear  the 
loss  of  those  perquisites  if  any  change  took  place. 

The  opposition  in  Parliament,  and  in  the  general 
indifference  of  the  people,  to  the  efforts  of  "  the 
friends  of  the  climbing  boy"  to  supersede  his 
painful  labours  by  the  use  of  machinery,  was 
formidable  enough,  but  that  of  the  servants  appears 
to  have  been  more  formidable  still.  Mr.  Smart 
showed  this  in  bis  explanations  to  the  Committee. 
The  whole  result  of  his  experience  was  that 
servants  set  their  faces  against  the  introduction  of 
the  machine,  grumbling  if  there  were  not  even  the 
appearance  of  dirt  on  the  furniture  after  its  use. 
"  The  first  winter  I  went  out  with  this  machine," 
said  Mr.  Smart,  "  I  went  to  Mr.  Burke's  in  Token- 
house  Yard,  who  was  a  friend  of  mine,  with  a  man 
to  sweep  the  chimneys,  and  after  waiting  above  an 
hoar  in  a  cold  rooming,  the  housekeeper  came 
down  quite  in  a  rage,  that  we  'should  presume  to 
ring  the  bell  or  knock  at  the  door ;  and  when  we 
got  admittance,  she  swore  she  wished  the  machine 
and  the  inventor  at  the  devil ;  she  did  not  know 
me.  We  swept  all  the  chimneys,  and  when  we 
had  done  I  asked  her  what  objection  she  had  to  it 
now;  the  said,  a  very  serious  one,  that  if  there 
was  a  thing  by  which  a  servant  could  get  any 

emolument,  some  d d  invention  was  sure  to 

take  it  away  from  them,  for  that  she  received 
perquisites." 

This  avowal  of  Mr.  Burke's  housekeeper,  as 
bnuqoe  as  it  was  honest,  is  typical  of  the  feelings 
of  tiM  whole  cUss  of  serrants. 


The  opposition  iu  Parliament,  as  I  have  inti- 
mated, continued.  One  noble  lord  informed  the 
House  of  Peers  that  he  had  been  indisposed  of  late 
and  had  sought  the  aid  of  calomel,  the  curative 
influence  of  which  had  pervaded  every  portion  of 
his  frame ;  and  that  it  as  far  surpassed  the  less 
searching  powers  of  other  medicines,  as  the  brush 
of  the  climbing  boy  in  cleansing  every  nook  and 
corner  of  the  chimney,  surpassed  all  the  power  of 
the  machinery,  whicii  left  the  soot  unpurged  from 
those  nooks  and  corners. 

The  House  of  Commons, however,  had  expressed 
its  conviction  that  as  long  as  master  chimney- 
sweepers were  permitted  to  employ  climbing  boys, 
the  natural  result  of  that  permission  would  be  the 
continuance  of  those  miseries  which  the  Legislature 
had  sought,  but  which  it  had  fiiiled,  to  put  an  end 
to;  and  they  therefore  recommended  that  the  use 
of  climbing  boys  should  be  prohibited  altogether; 
and  that  the  age  at  Avhich  the  apprenticeship 
should  commenccshould  be  extended  from  eight  to 
fourteen,  putting  this  trade  upon  the  same  footing 
as  others  which  took  apprentices  at  that  age. 

This  resolution  became  law  in  1829.  The  em- 
ployment of  climbing  boys  in  any  manner  in  the 
interior  of  chimneys  was  prohibited  under  penal- 
ties of  fine  and  imprisonment ;  and  it  was  enacted 
that  the  new  measure  should  be  carried  into  effect 
in  three  years,  so  giving  the  master  sweepers  that 
period  of  time  to  complete  their  arrangements. 
During  the  course  of  the  experiments  and  inquiry, 
the  sweepers,  as  a  body,  seem  to  have  thrown  no 
obstacles,  or  very  few  and  slight  obstacles,  in 
the  way  of  the  '•'  Committee  to  promote  the 
Superseding  of  the  Labour  of  Climbing  Boys;" 
while  the  most  respectable  of  the  class,  or  the 
majority  of  the  respectable,  aided  the  efforts  of 
the  Committee. 

This  manifestation  of  public  feeling  probably 
modified,  the  opposition  of  the  sweepers,  and  un- 
q\iestiouably  intluenced  the  votes  of  members  of 
Parliament.  The  change  in  the  operations  of  the 
chimney-sweeping  business  took  place  in  1832, 
as  quietly  and  unnoticedly  as  if  it  were  no  change 
at  all. 

The  machine  now  in  use  differs  little  from  that 
invented  by  Mr.  Smart,  the  first  introduced,  but 
lighter  materials  are  now  used  in  its  manufacture. 
It  has  not  been  found  necessary,  however,  to  com- 
plicate its  use  with  the  jack-chain  and  pulley,  and 
bullet  with  a  brush  attached,  and  the  iron"  shutters 
or  registers  in  the  roof  or  cockloft,  of  which  Mr. 
Tooke  spoke. 

The  machine  is  formed  of  a  series  of  hollow 
rods,  made  of  a  supple  cane,  bending  and  not 
breaking  in  any  sinuosity  of  the  flues.  Tiiis  cane 
is  made  of  the  same  material  as  gentlemen's 
walking-sticks.  The  first  machines  were  made  of 
wood,  and  were  liable  to  be  broken;  and  to  en- 
able the  sweeps  on  such  occasions  to  recover 
the  broken  part,  a  strong  line  ran  from  bottom  to 
top  through  the  centre  of  the  sticks,  which  were 
bored  for  the  purpose,  and  strung  on  this  cord. 
The  cane  machine,  however,  speedily  and  effec- 
tually superseded  these  imperfect  instruments ;  and 
there  are  now  none  of  them  to  be  met  with.     To 


356 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  top  tube  of  the  machine  is  attached  the 
"brush,"  called  technically  •*  the  head,"  of  elastic 
whalebone  spikes,  which  "give"  and  bend,  in 
accordance  with  the  up  or  down  motion  commu- 
nicated by  the  man  workinar  the  machine,  so 
sweeping  what  was  described  to  me  as  "both 
ways,"  up  and  down. 

Some  of  these  rods,  which  fit  into  one  another 
by  means  of  brass  screws,  are  4  feet  6  inches 
long,  and  diminish  in  diameter  to  suit  their 
adjustment.  Some  rods  are  but  3  feet  6  inches  long, 
and  4  feet  is  the  full  average  length  ;  Avhile  the 
average  price  at  the  machine  maker's  is  2s.  M.  a 
rod,  if  bought  separately.  The  head  costs  \0s., 
on  an  average,  if  bought  sep;iratel\-.  It  is  seldom 
that  a  machine  is  required  to  number  beyond 
17  rods  (extending  68  feet),  and  tlie  better  class 
of  sweepers  are  generally  provided  with  17  rods. 
The  cost  of  the  entire  machine,  for  every  kind  of 
chimney-work,  when  purchased  new,  as  a  whole, 
is,  when  of  good  quality,  from  30s.  to  5/.,  accord- 
ing to  the  number  of  rods,  duplicate  rods,  &c. 
Mr,  Smart  stated,  in  1817,  that  the  average  price 
of  one  of  his  machines  was  then  2.1.  3.?. 

The  sweepers  who  labour  chiefly  in  the  poorer 
localities — and  several  told  me  how  indifferent 
many  people  in  those  parts  were  as  to  their  chim- 
neys being  swept  at  all — rarely  use  a  machine  to 
extend  beyond  40  feet,  or  one  composed  of  10  or  11 
rods  ;  but  some  of  the  inferior  class  of  sweepers 
buy  of  those  in  a  suporicr  Avay  of  trade  worn 
machines,  at  from  a  third  to  a  half  of  the  prime 
cost.  These  machines  they  trim  up  themselves. 
One  portion  of  the  work,  however,  they  cannot 
repair  or  renew — the  broken  or  worn-out  brass 
screws  of  the  rods,  which  they  call  the  "ferules." 
These,  v/hen  new,  are  Is.  each.  There  were,  when 
the  machine-work  was  novel,  I  was  informed, 
street-artizans  who  went  about  repairing  these 
screws  or  ferules ;  but  their  work  did  not  please 
the  chimney-sweepers,  and  this  street-trade  did  not 
last  above  a  year  or  two. 

The  rods  of  the  machine,  when  carefully  at- 
tended to,  last  a  long  time.  One  man  told  me 
that  he  was  still  working  some  rods  which  he  had 
worked  since  1842  (nine  years),  with  occasional 
renewal  of  the  ferules.  The  head  is  either  in- 
jured or  worn  down  in  about  two  years;  if  not 
well  made  at  firsty  in  a  year.  The  diameter  of 
this  head  or  brush  is,  on  the  average,  18  inches. 
One  of  tny  informants  had  himself  swept  a  chim- 
ney of  80  feet,  and  one  of  his  fellow-workers 
had  said  that  he  once  swept  a  chimney  of  120 
feet  high  ;  in  both  cases  by  means  of  the  machine. 
My  informant,  however,  thought  such  a  feat  as 
the  120-feet  sweep  was  hardly  possible,  as  only 
one  man's  strength  can  be  applied  to  the  machine; 
and  he  was  of  opinion  that  no  man's  muscular 
powers  would  be  sufficient  to  work  a  ma- 
chine at  a  height  of  120  feet.  The  labour  is 
sometimes  very  severe  ;  "  enough,"  one  strongly- 
built  man  told  me,  "  to  make  your  arms,  head, 
and  heart  ache." 

The  old-fashioned  chimneys  are  generally  12 
by  14  inches  in  their  dimensions  in  the  interior  ; 
and  for  the  thoroagh  sweeping  of  such  chimneys — 


the  opinion  of  all  the  sweepers  I  saw  according  on 
the  subject — a  head  (it  is  rarely  called  brush  in 
the  trade)  of  18  inches  diameter  is  insufficient, 
yet  they  are  seldom  used  larger.  One  intelligent 
master  sweeper,  speaking  from  his  own  knowledge, 
told  me  that  in  the  neighbourhood  where  he 
worked  numbers  of  houses  had  been  built  since 
the  introduction  of  tiie  machines,  and  the  chim- 
neys were  only  9  inches  square,  as  regards  the 
interior  ;  the  smaller  flues  are  sometimes  but  7. 
These  9-inch  chimneys,  he  told  me,  were  fre- 
quent in  "scamped"  houses,  houses  got  up  at  the 
lowest  possible  rate  by  speculating  builders.  This 
was  done  because  the  brickwork  of  the  chimneys 
costs  more  than  the  other  portions  of  the  masonry, 
and  so  the  smaller  the  dimensions  of  the  chimneys 
the  less  the  cost  of  the  edifice.  The  machines 
are  sometimes  as  much  crippled  in  this  circum- 
scribed space  as  they  are  found  of  insufficient  di- 
mensions in  the  old-fashioned  chimneys;  and  so 
the  "  scamped  "  chimnej',  unless  by  a  master  hav- 
ing many  "  heads,"  is  not  so  cleanly  swept  as  it 
might  be.  Chimneys  not  built  in  this  manner 
are  now  usually  9  inches  by  14, 

In  cleansing  a  chimney  with  the  machine  the 
sweep  stands  by,  or  rather  in,  the  fire-place, 
having  first  attached  a  sort  of  curtain  to  the 
mantle  to  confine  the  soot  to  one  spot,  the  operator 
standing  inside  this  curtain.  He  first  introduces 
the  "  head,"  attached  to  its  proper  rod,  into  the 
chimney,  "  diiviug"  it  forward,  then  screws  on 
the  next  rod,  and  so  on,  until  the  head  has  been 
driven  to  the  top  of  the  chimney.  The  soot 
which  has  fallen  upon  the  hearth,  within  the 
curtain,  is  collected  into  a  sack  or  sacks,  and  is 
carried  away  on  the  men's  backs,  and  occasionally 
in  carts.  The  whalebone  spikes  of  the  head  are 
made  to  extend  in  every  direction,  so  that  when 
it  is  moved  no  part  of  the  chimney,  if  the  surface 
be  even,  escapes  contact  with  these  spikes,  if 
the  work  be  carefully  done,  as  indeed  it  gene- 
rally is ;  for  the  cleaner  the  chimney  is  swept  of 
course  the  greater  amount  of  soot  adds  to  the 
profit  of  the  sweeper.  One  man  told  me  that  he 
thought  he  had  seen  in  some  old  big  chimneys,  a 
long  time  unswept,  more  soot  brought  down  by 
the  machine  than,  under  similar  circumstances  as 
to  the  time  the  chimney  had  remained  uncleansed, 
would  have  been  done  by  the  climbing  boy. 

All  the  master  sweepers  I  saw  concurred  in  the 
opinion  that  the  machine  was  not  in  all  respects 
so  effective  a  sweeper  as  the  climbing  boy,  as  it 
does  not  reach  the  recesses,  nooks,  crannies,  or 
holes  in  the  chimney,  where  the  soot  remains  little 
disturbed  by  the  present  process.  This  want  is  felt 
the  most  in  the  cleansing  of  the  old-fashioned 
chimneys,  especially  in  the  country. 

Mr,  Cook,  in  1817,  stated  to  the  Committee 
that  the  cleansing  of  a  chimney  by  a  boy  or  by  a 
machine  occupied  the  same  spuce  of  time;  but  I 
find  the  general  opinion  of  the  sweepers  now  to  be 
that  it  is  only  the  small  and  straight  chimneys 
which  can  be  swept  with  as  great  celerity  by  a 
machine  as  by  a  climber;  in  all  others  the  lad 
was  quicker  by  about  5  minutes  in  30,  or  in  that 
proportion. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THB  LONDON  POOR. 


35( 


I  heard  sweepers  represent  that  the  passing  of 
the  Act  of  Parliament  not  only  deprived  them  in 
many  instances  of  the  unexpired  term  of  a  boys 
apprenticeship  in  his  services  as  a  climber,  but 
"threw  open  the  business  to  any  one."  The 
business,  however,  it  seems,  was  always  "  open  to 
any  one."  There  was  no  art  nor  mystery  in  it,  us 
r^arded  the  functions  of  the  master;  any  one 
could  send  a  boy  up  a  chimney,  and  collect  and 
carry  away  the  soot  he  brought  down,  quite  as 
readily  and  far  more  easily  than  he  can  work  a 
machine.  Nevertheless,  men  under  the  old  system 
could  hardly  (and  some  say  they  were  forbidden 
to)  embark  in  this  trade  unless  they  had  been 
apprenticed  to  it;  for  they  were  at  a  loss  how 
to  possess  themselves  of  climbing  boys,  and  how 
to  make  a  connection.  When  the  machines  were 
introduced,  however,  a  good  many  persons  who 
were  able  to  "raise  the  price"  of  one  started 
in  the  line  on  their  own  account.  These  men 
have  been  called  by  the  old  hands  "  leeks"  or 
"  green  "uns,"  to  distinguish  them  from  the  regu- 
larly-trained men,  who  pride  themselves  not  a 
little  on  the  fact  of  their  having  served  seven  or 
eight  years,  "duly  and  truly,"  as  they  never  fail 
to  express  it.  This  increase  of  fresh  hands  tended 
to  lower  the  earnings  of  the  class  ;  and  some 
masters,  who  were  described  to  me  as  formerly 
▼ery  "comfortable,"  and  some,  comparatively 
speaking,  rich,  were  considerably  reduced  by  it. 
Thenumberof"  leeks  "in  1832  I  heard  stated,  with 
the  exaggeration  to  which  I  have  been  accustomed 
when  uninformed  men,  ignorant  of  the  relative 
Talue  of  numbers,  have  expressed  their  opinions, 
as  1000  ! 

The  several  classes  in  the  chimney-sweeping 
trade  may  be  arranged  as  follows  : — 

The  Master  Cliimney-Sweepers,  called  sometimes 
'  Governors"  by  the  journeymen,  are  divisible 
into  three  kinds: — 

The  "large"  or  "high  masters,"  who  employ 
from  2  to  1 0  men  and  2  boys,  and  keep  sometimes 
2  horses  and  a  cart,  not  particularly  for  the  con- 
veyance of  the  soot,  but  to  go  into  the  country  to 
a  gentleman's  house  to  fulfil  orders. 

The  "small"  or  "low  masters,"  who  employ, 
on  an  average,  two  men,  and  sometimes  but  one 
man  and  a  boy,  without  either  horse  or  cart. 

The  "single-handed  master-men,"  who  employ 
neither  men  nor  boys,  but  do  all  the  work  them- 
selves. 

Of  Umm  duee  chiites  of  masters  there  are  two 
nbdivUioiu. 

The  "  leeks  "  or  "  greea-uia/'  that  is  to  say, 
thoee  who  luif«  not  regularly  served  their  time  to 
the  trade. 

The  "  knnllers"  or  "  queriers,"  that  is  to  say, 
those  who  solicit  custom  in  an  irregular  manner, 
by  knocking  at  the  doors  of  houses  and  such  like. 

Of  the  competition  of  capitalists  in  this  trade 
there  are,  I  am  told,  no  instances.  "  We  have 
our  own  stations,"  one  mnster  sweeper  said,  **  and 
if  I  contract  to  sweep  a  genelman's  house,  here 
in  Pancras,  for  25^.  a  year,  or  10#.,  or  anythink, 
my  nearest  neighbour,  as  has  men  and  machines 
fit,  is  in  Marrybon;  and  it  wouldn't  pay  to  send 


j  his  men  a  mile  and  a  half,  or  on  to  two  mile,  and 
I  work  at  what  I  can — let  alone  less.  No,  sir,  I  've 
i  known  bisness  nigh  20  year,  and  there  's  nothink 
!  in  the  way  of  that  underworking.  •  The  poor 
creeturs  as  keeps  theirselves  with  a  machine, 
and  nothing  to  give  them  a  lift  beyond  it,  theif  'd 
undertake  work  at  any  figiu^e,  but  nobody  em- 
ploys or  can  trust  to  them,  but  on  chance."  The 
contracts,  I  am  told,  for  a  year's  chimney-sweeping 
in  any  mansion  are  on  the  same  terms  with  one 
master  as  with  another. 

As  regards  the  Journeymen  Chimnoj-Siceepers 
there  are  also  three  kinds  :— 

The  "  foreman"  or  "  first  journeyman"'  sweeper, 
who  accompanies  the  men  to  their  work,  super- 
intends their  labours,  and  receives  the  money, 
when  paid  immediately  after  sweeping. 

The  "journeyman"  sweeper,  whose  duty  it  is  to 
work  the  m:ichine,  and  (where  no  under-journey- 
man,  or  boy,  is  kept)  to  carry  the  machine  and 
take  home  the  soot. 

The  "  under-journeymau  "  or  "  boy,"  who  has 
to  carry  the  machine,  take  home  the  soot,  and 
work  the  machine  up  the  lower-class  flues. 

There  are,  besides  these,  some  20  climbing  men, 
who  ascend  such  flues  as  the  machines  cannot 
cleanse  effectually,  and,  it  must,  I  regret  to  say, 
be  added,  some  20  to  30  climbing  boys,  mostly 
under  eleven  years  of  age,  who  are  still  used  for 
the  same  purpose  "  on  the  sly."  Many  of  the 
masters,  indeed,  lament  the  change  to  machine- 
sweeping,  saying  that  their  children,  who  are  now 
useless,  would,  in  "  the  good  old  times,"  have  been 
worth  a  pound  a  week  to  them.  It  is  in  the 
suburbs  that  these  climbing  children  are  mostly 
employed. 

The  hours  of  labour  arc  from  the  earliest 
morning  till  about  midday,  and  sometimes  later. 

There  are  no  Homes  of  Call,  trade  societies,  or 
regulations  among  these  operatives,  but  there  are 
low  public-houses  to  which  they  resort,  and  where 
they  can  always  be  heard  of. 

When  a  chimney-sweeper  is  out  of  work  he 
merely  inquires  of  others  in  the  same  line  of  busi- 
ness, who,  if  they  know  of  any  one  tiiat  wants 
a  journeyman,  direct  their  brother  sweeper  to  call 
and  see  tlie  master;  but  though  the  chimney- 
sweepers have  no  trade  societies,  some  of  the  better 
class  belong  to  sick,  and  others  to  burial,  funds. 
The  lower  class  of  sweepers,  however,  seem  to  have 
no  resource  in  sickness,  or  in  their  utmost  need, 
but  the  parish.  There  are  sweepers,  I  am  told,  in 
every  workhouse  in  London. 

There  are  three  modes  of  imyment  common 
among  the  sweepers : — 

1,  in   money; 

2,  partly  in  money  and  partly  in  kind;  and 

3,  by  perquisites. 

The  great  majority  of  the  masters  pay  the  men 
they  employ  from  2h.  to  '6s.,  and  a  few  As.  and  6*. 
per  week,  together  with  their  board  and  lodging. 
It  may  seem  that  3*.  per  week  is  a  small  sum, 
but  it  kwas  remarked  to  me  that  there  are  few 
working  men  who,  after  .supporting  themselves, 
are  able  to  save  that  sum  weekly,  while  the 
sweepers  have   many   perquisite*  of  one  sort  or 


358 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


other,  which  sometimes  bring  them  in  Is.,  25.,  35., 
45.,  and  occasionally  55.  or  65.,  a  week  additional 
— a  sufficient  sura  to  pay  for  clothes  and  washing. 
The  journeymen,  when  lodged  in  the  house  of 
the  master,  are  single  men,  and  if  constantly  em- 
ploj'ed  might,  perhaps,  do  well,  but  they  are 
often  iinemployed,  especially  in  the  summer,  when 
there  are  not  so  many  fires  kept  burning.  As 
soon  as  one  of  them  gets  married,  or  what  among 
them  is  synonymous,  "  takes  up  with  a  woman," 
which  they  commonly  do  when  they  are  able  to 
purchase  some  sort  of  a  machine,  they  set  up  for 
themselves,  and  thus  a  great  number  of  the  men 
get  to  be  masters  on  their  own  account,  without 
being  able  to  employ  any  extra  hands.  These  are 
generally  reckoned  among  the  '•  knuUers ;"  they 
do  but  little  business  at  first,  for  the  masters  long 
established  in  a  neighbourhood,  who  are  known 
to  the  people,  and  have  some  standing,  are  almost 
always  preferred  to  those  who  are  strangers  or 
mere  beginners. 

It  was  very  common,  but  perhaps  more  common 
in  country  towns  than  in  London,  for  the  journey- 
men, as  well  as  apprentices,  in  this  and  many 
other  trades  to  live  at  the  master's  table.  But  the 
board  and  lodging  supplied,  in  lieu  of  money- wages, 
to  the  journeymen  sweepers,  seems  to  be  one  of 
the  few  existing  instances  of  such  a  practice  in 
London.  Among  slop-working  tailors  and  shoe- 
makers, some  unfortunate  workmen  are  boarded 
and  lodged  by  their  employers,  but  these  em- 
ployers are  mereh'  middlemen,  who  gain  their 
living  by  serving  such  masters  as  "  do  not  like  to 
drive  their  negroes  themselves."  But  among  the 
sweepers  there  are  no  middlemen. 

It  is  not  all  the  journeymen  sweepers,  however, 
who  are  remunerated  after  this  manner,  for  many 
receive  12s.,  and  some  14s.,  and  not  a  few  18s. 
weekly,  besides  perquisites,  but  reside  at  their 
own  homes. 

Appreiiticeship  is  now  not  at  all  common  among 
the  sweepers,  as  no  training  to  the  business  is 
needed.  Lord  Shaftesbury,  however,  in  July  last, 
gave  notice  of  his  intention  to  bring  in  a  bill  to 
prevent  persons  who  had  not  been  duly  appren- 
ticed to  the  business  establishing  themselves  as 
sweepers. 

The  Perquisites  of  the  journeymen  sweepers  are 
for  measuring,  arranging,  and  putting  the  soot  sold 
into  the  purchasers'  sacks,  or  carts;  for  this  is  j 
considered  extra  work.  The  payment  of  this  per-  , 
quisite  seems  to  be  on  no  fixed  scale,  some  having  | 
Is.  for  50,  and  some  for  100  bushels.  When  a  j 
chimney  is  on  fire  and  a  journeyman  sweeper  is  ' 
employed  to  extinguish  it,  he  receives  from  Is.  Qd.  j 
to  5s.  according  to  the  extent  of  time  consumed  j 
and  the  risk  of  being  injured.  "  Chance  sweep-  j 
ing,"  or  the  sweeping  of  a  chimney  not  belonging  j 
to  a  customer,  when  a  journeyman  has  completed  j 
his  regular  round,  ensures  him  Zd.  in  some  employ-  1 
ments,  but  in  fewer  than  was  once  the  case.  The  j 
beer-money  given  by  any  customer  to  a  journey-  \ 
man  is  also  his  perquisite.  Where  a  foreman  is  \ 
kept,  the  "  brieze,"  or  cinders  collected  from  the  j 
grate,  belong  to  him,  and  the  ashes  belong  to  the 


brieze  and  ashes  belong  to  the  journeyman  solely. 
These  they  sell  to  the  poor  at  the  rate  of  Qd.  a 
bushel.  I  am  told  by  experienced  men  that,  all 
these  matters  considered,  it  may  be  stated  that 
one-half  of  the  journeymen  in  London  have  per- 
quisites of  Is.  Qd.,  the  other  half  of  25.  Qd.  a  week. 

The  Nominal  Wages  to  the  journeymen,  then, 
are  from  12s.  to  18s.  weekly,  without  board  and 
lodging,  or  from  2s.  to  6s.  in  money,  with  board 
and  lodging,  represented  as  equal  to  'ts. 

Tlve  Actual  Wages  are  2s.  6d.  a  week  more  in 
the  form  of  perquisites,  and  perhaps  id.  daily  in 
beer  or  gin. 

The  wages  to  the  boys  are  mostly  Is.  a  week, 
but  many  masters  pay  Is.  6d.  to  2s.,  with  board 
and  lodging.  These  boys  have  no  perquisites, 
except  such  bits  of  broken  victuals  as  are  given  to 
them  at  houses  where  they  go  to  sweep. 

The  wages  of  the  foreman  are  generally  18s. 
per  week,  but  some  receive  14s.  and  sonfe  20s. 
without  board  and  lodging.  In  one  case,  where 
the  foreman  is  kept  by  the  master,  only  2s.  6d.  in 
money  is  given  to  him  weeklj'.  The  perquisites 
of  these  men  average  from  4s.  to  5s.  a  week. 

The  work  ill  the  chininey- sweeping  trade  is  more 
regular  than  might  at  first  he  supposed.  The 
sweepers  whose  circumstances  enable  them  to  em- 
ploy journeymen  send  them  on  regular  rounds, 
and  do  not  engage  "chance"  hands.  If  business 
is  brisk,  the  men  and  the  master,  when  a  woiking 
man  himself,  work  later  than  ordinarj',  and  some- 
times another  hand  is  put  on  and  paid  the  cus- 
tomary amount,  by  the  week,  until  the  brisk- 
ness ceases  ;  but  this  is  a  rare  occurrence.  There 
are,  however,  strong  lads,  or  journeymen  out  of 
work,  who  are  occasionaUy  employed  in  "joh- 
bing,"  helping  to  carry  the  soot  and  such  like. 

The  labour  of  the  journeymen,  as  regards  the 
payment  by  their  masters,  is  contimious,  but  the 
men  are  often  discharged  for  drunkenness,  or  for 
endeavouring  to  "form  a  connection  of  their  own" 
among  their  employers'  customers,  and  new  hands 
are  then  put  on.  "  Chimneys  won't  wait,  you 
know,  sir,"  was  said  to  me,  "  and  if  I  quit  a  hand 
this  week,  there  's  another  in  his  place  next.  If 
I  discharge  a  hand  for  three  months  in  a  slack 
time,  I  have  two  on  when  it's  a  busy  time." 
Perhaps  the  average  employment  of  the  whole 
body  of  operatives  may  be  taken  at  nine  months' 
work  in  the  year.  When  out  of  employment  the 
chief  resource  of  these  men  is  in  night-work ; 
some  turn  street-sellers  and  bricklayers'  labourers. 

I  am  told  that  a  considerable  sum  of  money 
was  left  for  the  purpose  of  supplying  every  climb- 
ing-boy who  called  on  the  first  of  May  at  a  certain 
place,  with  a  shilling  and  some  refreshment,  but  I 
have  not  been  able  to  ascertain  by  whom  it  was 
left,  or  where  it  was  distributed  ;  none  of  the 
sweepers  with  whom  I  conversed  knew  anything 
about  it.  I  also  heard,  that  since  the  passing  of 
the  Act,  the  money  has  been  invested  in  some 
securities  or  other,  and  is  now  accumulating,  but 
to  what  purpose  it  is  intended  to  be  applied  I 
have  no  means  of  learning. 

Let  us  now   endeavour  to  estimate  the  gross 


journeyman;  but  where  there  is  no  foreman,  the  I  yearly  income  of  the  operative  sweepers. 


LOyDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


359 


There  are,  then,  399  men  employed  as  journey- 
men, and  of  them  147  receive  a  money  wage 
weekly  from  their  masters,  and  reside  with  their 
p:\reuts  or  at  their  own  places.  The  remaininir 
252  are  boarded  and  lodged.  This  board  and 
lodging  are  generally  computed,  as  under  the 
old  system,  to  represent  S.>t.,  being  Is.  a  day  for 
board  and  Is.  a  week  for  lodging.     But,  on  the 


average,  the  board  does  not  cost'the  masters  7*'.  a 
week,  but,  as  I  shall  afterwards  show,  barely  Qs. 
The  men  and  boys  may  be  said  to  be  all  fidly 
employed  for  nine  months  in  the  yearj;  some,  of 
course,  are  at  work  all  the  year  through,  but  others 
get  only  six  months'  employment  in  the  twelve 
months ;  so  that  taking  nine  months  as  the  average, 
we  have  the  following  table  of 


WAGES  PAID  TO  THE  OPERATIVE  SWEEPERS  OF  LONDON. 


JounXKYMEN. 

Wiikout  hoard  and  lodging. 
30  Journeymen  employed  by    3  masters,  at  18*.  per  week 


14 


147 


5 
3 
8 
23 
3 

45 


16s. 
15s. 
14.-. 
12s. 
10s. 


With  hoard  and  lodging. 
3  Journeymen  employed  by    1  master,  at  8s.  Od.  per  week 
,    5         „        6s.  Od.       „ 
1 

1 

39 

26 

31 

4 

1 


5.S-.  Qd. 
4s.  Od. 
3s.  6d. 
3s.  Od. 
2s.  6d. 
2s.  Od. 
Is.  6d. 
Is.  Od. 


123 


FORF.MEW. 

]Vil/iout  hoard  and  lodging. 
2  Foremen   employed   by    1    master,  at  20s.   per   week 
'"'  ,.  „  4  „         18s. 

^  .,  ,,  1  „         16s. 

J  »»  „  2  „         14s. 

11  7 

Willi  board  and  lodging. 

1  „  «  1  „         2s.  6d.     „ 

Boys. 
Without  hoard  and  lodging. 

2  Boy»    employed     by    1    master,   at    10s.    per    week 

"'■"  '    'rd  and  lodging. 

1  ■  1              „            3*.0rf.  „ 

1  1  ..           2s.6if.  „ 

9  „  2s.0rf.  „ 

li  ,-  \s.M.  „ 

30  ,.  \,.0d.  „ 

1  ,.  0.».  9(/.  „ 

4  „  „          -             ,.            Os.  Orf.  „ 

62  M 


Total 

Total  for  board,  lodging,  &c. 


ing» 


Strand  Totil 


Money  wages  for 
nine  mouths. 


£      s. 

1053  0 
436  16 
175  10 
737  2 

1474  4 
136  10 


4013  2  0 


46  16 

198  18 

9  15 

319  16 

20  9 
468  0 
258  7 
171  12 
234  0 
3  18 


Value  of  board  and 

lodging  for  nine 
months  estimated  at 
7*.  a  week. 
£     s.      d. 
40  19 
232     1 
13  13 
559  13 
40  19 
1092     0 


723 

600 

109 

27 


1731  12     0 


3439  13     8 


78    0 

210  12 

31     4 

54  12 

0 
0 
0 
0 

374    8 

0 

4  17 

6 

13  13     0 

39  0 

5  17 

4  17 

35    2 

40  19 
58  10 

1     9 

0 

0 
6 
0 

I 

3 

Board  and  lodging 

estimated  at  O'j. 

a  week. 

11   14      0 

11  14     0 

105     6     0 

163  16     0 

351     0     0 

11  14     0 

46  16     0 

146  14 

9 

702     0     0 

6309  14 
4165    6 

3 

8 

10.46.''»     0 

n 

' 

360 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Thus  we  find  that  the  constant  or  average  casual 
wages  of  the  several  cLisses  of  operative  chimney- 
sweepers may  be  taken  as  follows : — 

Journeymen  without  board  and  lodg-        s.     d. 
ing,  and  with  perquisites  averaging  ^.s. 
a  week 12     6 

Journeymen  with  board  and  lodging 
and  25.  a  week  perquisites   .         .         .       9  10^ 

Foreman,  without  board  and  lodging, 
at  25.  6rf.  a  week  perquisites         .         .15     7 

Boys,  with  board  and  lodging  .         .53 

The  general  wages  of  the  trade,  including  fore- 
man, journeymen,  and  boys,  and  calculating  the 
perquisites  to  average  Is.  weekly,  will  be  IO5.  6rf. 
a  week,  the  same  as  the  cotton  factory  operatives. 

But  if  10,500/.  be  the  income  of  the  opera- 
tives, what  do  the  employers  receive  who  have  to 
pay  this  sum? 

The  charge  for  sweeping  one  of  the  lofty 
chimneys  in  the  public  and  official  edifices,  and 
in  the  great  houses  in  the  aristocratic  streets  and 
squares,  is  2s.  M.  and  Zs.  6d. 

The  chimneys  of  moderate-sized  houses  are  swept 
at  Is.  to  Is.  6d.  each,  and  those  of  the  poorer 
classes  are  charged  generally  6d.;  some,  however, 
are  swept  at  Zd.  and  4d. ;  and  when  soot  realized 
a  higher  price  (some  of  the  present  master  sweepers 
have  sold  it  at  Is.  a  bushel),  the  chimneys  of  poor 
persons  were  swept  by  the  poorer  class  of  sweeps 
merely  for  the  perquisite  of  the  soot.  This  is  some- 
times done  even  now,  but  to  a  very  small  extent, 
by  a  sweeper,  "oh  his  own  hook,"  and  in  want 
of  a  job,  but  generally  with  an  injunction  to  the 
person  whose  chimney  has  been  cleansed  on  such 
easy  terms,  not  to  mention  it,  as  it  "  couldn't  be 
made  a  practice  on." 

Estimating  the  number  of  houses  belonging  to 
the  wealthy  classes  of  society  to  be  54,000,  and 
these  to  be  swept  eight  times  a  year,  and  the 
charge  for  sweeping  to  be  2s.  6d.  each  time ;  and 
the  number  of  houses  belonging  to  the  middle 
classes  to  be  90,000,  and  each  to  be  swept  four 
times  a  year,  at  Is.  6d.  each  time;  and  the  dwell- 
ings of  the  poor  and  labouring  classes  to  be  swept 
once  a  year  at  6d.  each  time,  and  the  number  of 
such  dwellings  to  be  165,000,  we  find  that  the 
total  sum  paid  to  the  master  chimney-sweepers  of 
London  is,  in  round  numbers,  85,000(J. 

The  sum  obtained  for  800,000  bushels  of  soot 
collected  by  the  master-sweepers  from  the  houses 
of  London,  at  5d.  per  bushel,  is  16,500/. 

Thus  the  total  annual  income  of  the  master- 
sweepers  of  London  is  100,000/. 

Out  of  this  100,000/.  per  annum,  the  expenses 
of  the  masters  would  appear  to  be  as  follows : — 

Yearly  Expenditure  of  the  3f aster-Sweepers. 

Sum  paid  in  wages  to  473  journey- 
men         £10,500       j 

Bent,  &c.,  of  350  houses  or  lodg-  j 

ings,  at  12/.  yearly  each  .         .         .        4,200 

Wear  and  tear  of  1000  machines, 
1/.  each  yearly         ....         1,000 

JJitto  2000  sacks,  at  Is.  each  yearly         100 


Keep  of  25  horses,  7*'.  weekly  each 
Wear  and  tear  of  25  carts  and  har- 
ness, 1/.  each    ..... 
Interest  on  capital  at  10  per  cent.  . 


£455 


25 
450 


Total  yearly  expenditure  of  master- 
sweepers  employing  journeymen  .         £16,736 

The  rent  here  given  may  seem  low  at  12/. 
a  year,  but  many  of  the  chimney-sweepers  live  in 
parlours,  with  cellars  below,  in  old  out-of-the-way 
places,  at  a  low  rental,  in  Stepnej',  Shadwell, 
Wapping,  Bethnal-green,  Hoxton,  Lock's-fields, 
Walworth,  Newington,  Islington,  Somers-town, 
Paddinpton,  &c.  The  better  sort  of  master-sweep- 
ers at  the  West-end  often  live  in  a  mews. 

The  gains,  then,  of  the  master  sweepers  are  as 
under : — 

Annual  income  for  cleansing  chim- 
neys and  soot  ....         £100,000 

Expenditure  for  wages,  rent,  wear, 
and  tear,  keep  of  horses,  &c.,  say     .      20,000 

Annual  profit  of  master  chimney- 
sweepers of  London         .         .         .    £80,000 

This  amount  of  profit,  divided  among  350 
masters,  gives  about  230/.  per  anrhim  to  each 
individual ;  it  is  only  by  a  few,  however,  that 
such  a  sum  is  realized,  as  in  the  100,000/.  paid 
by  the  London  public  to  the  sweepers'  trade,  is 
included  the  sum  received  by  the  men  who  work 
single-handed,  "  on  their  own  hook,"  as  they  say, 
employing  no  journeymen.  Of  these  men's  earn- 
ings, the  accounts  I  heard  from  themselves  and 
the  other  master  sweepers  were  all  accordant, 
that  they  barely  made  journeymen's  wages.  They 
have  the  very  worst-paid  portion  of  the  trade, 
receiving  neither  for  their  sweeping  nor  their  soot 
the  prices  obtained  by  the  better  masters  ;  indeed 
they  very  frequently  sell  their  soot  to  their  more 
prosperous  brethren.  Their  general  statement 
is,  that  they  make  "eighteen  pence  a  day,  and  all 
told."  Their  receipts  then,  and  they  have  no 
perquisites  as  have  the  journeymen,  are,  in  a  slack 
time,  about  Is.  a  day  (and  some  days  they  do  not 
get  a  job)  ;  but  in  the  winter  they  are  busier,  as 
it  is  then  that  sweepers  are  employed  by  the  poor  ; 
and  at  that  period  the  "master-men"  may  make 
from  15.S'.  to  20s.  a  week  each ;  so  that,  I  am  as- 
sured, the  average  of  their  weekly  takings  may 
be  estimated  at  12s.  Gd. 

Now,  deducting  the  expenditure  from  the 
receipts  of  100,000/.  (for  sweeping  and  soot),  the 
balance,  as  we  have  seen,  is  80,000/.,  an  amount 
of  profit  which,  if  equally  divided  among  the 
three  classes  of  the  trade,  -yvill  give  the  following 
sums : — 

Yearly,  each.  Yearly,  total. 

Profits    of  150   single-         £     s.  £' 

handed  master-men  .         .        32  10        4,940  * 

Do.  92  small  masters     .       200     0      18,400 

Do.  106  large  masters  .      500     0      53,000 

£76,340 
Nor  is  this  estimate  of  the  masters'  profits,  I 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


361 


am  soured,  extravagant.  One  of  the  smaller 
sweepers,  but  a  prosperous  man  in  his  way,  told  me 
that  he  knew  a  master  sweeper  who  was  "  as 
rich  as  Croeser,  had  bought  houses,  and  could 
not  write  his  own  name." 

We  have  now  but  to  estimate  the  amount  of 
capital  invested  in  the  chimney-sweepers'  trade, 
and  then  to  proceed  to  the  characteristics  of  the 
men. 

1200  machines,  11.  \0s.  each  (pre-  £ 

sent  average  value)  .         .         .         3000 

3000  sacks,  2*.  M.  each        .         .  385 

25  horses,  20^.  each      ...  500 

25  sets  of  harness,  11.  each  .         .  50 

25  carts,  12/.  each        ...  300 


£4235 


masters,  and  from  Id.  to  Zd.  by  the  single-handed 
sweepers  in  some  cases ;  indeed,  the  poorest 
class  will  sweep  a  flue  for  the  soot  only.  Bnt 
the  prices  charged  for  sweeping  chimneys  differ 
in  the  diiferent  parts  of  the  metropolis.  I  subjoin 
a  list  of  the  maximum  and  minimum  charge  for 
the  several  districts. 


d.      s.  d. 
Kensington  and 

Hammersmith  4  to  3    0 
Westminster    . .  3   „  2    0 

Chelsea 4  „  2    6 

St.         George's, 

Hanover-sq.    . .  6  ,,  3    6 
St.  Martin's  and 

St.  Ann's 4  ,,  2    6 

St.  James's,  West- 


It   may    be    thought   that   the   sweepers    will  I 
require  the  services  of  more  than  25  horses,  but  I  j 
am  assured  that  such  is  not  the  case  as  regards  the 
Boot  business,  for  the  soot  is  carted  away  from  the 
sweepers'  premises  by  the  farmer  or  other  pur- 
chaser. 

It  would  appear,  then,  that  the  facts  of  the 
chimney-sweepers'  trade  are  briefly  as  under  : — 

The  gross  quantity  of  soot  collected  yearly 
throughout  London  is  800,000  bushels.  The 
value  of  this,  sold  as  manure,  at  5d.  per  bushel,  is 
16,500/. 

There  are  800  to  900  people  employed  in  the 
trade,  200  of  whom  are  masters  employing  jour- 
neymen, 150  single-handed  master-men,  and  470 
journeymen  and  under  journeymen. 

The  annual  income  of  the  entire  number  of 
journeymen  is  10,500/.  without  perquisites,  or 
13,000/.  with,  which  gives  an  average  weekly 
wage  to  the  operatives  of  10«.  6d. 

The  annual  income  of  the  masters  and  leeks  is, 
for  sweeping  and  soot,  100,000/. 

The  annual  expenditure  of  the  masters  for 
rent,  keep  of  horses,  wear  and  tear,  and  wages,  is 
20,000/. 

The  gross  annual  profit  of  the  350  masters 
is  80,000/.,  which  is  at  the  rate  of  about  35/. 
per  annum  to  each  of  the  single-handed  men, 
200/.  to  each  of  the  smaller  masters  employing 
journeymen,  and  500/.  to  each  of  the  larger 
masters. 

The  capiul  of  the  trade  is  about  5000/. 

TU    price    cluirged    by   the   "  high     master 

sweepers  "  for  cleaning  the  flues  of  a  house  rented 

at  150/.  a  year  and  upwards,  is  from  \s.  to  3*.  M. 

iiigber  price  being  {>aid  for  sweeping  those 

:    ys  which  have  a  hot   plate  affixed).     A 

master,  on  the  other  hand,  will  charge  from 

:<   Zt.  for   the  same  kind  of  work,  while  a 

-handed  man  seldom  gets  above  "a  1$.  job," 

;ind  that  not  very  often.    The  charge  for  sweeping 

the  flues  of  a  house  rented  at  from  50/.  to  150/.  a 

year,  is  from  0(^.  to  2«.  6<i.  by  a  large  roaster,  and 

fr  >in  8'/.  to  2$.  by  a  nnall  master,  while  a  single- 

h;tiiJed  man  will  take  the  job  at  from  6i/.  to  \s.  6c/. 

The  price  charged  per  flue  for  a  house  rented  at 

from  20/.  a  year  up  to  50/.  a  year,  will  average 

Qd.  a  flue,  charged  by  large  masters.  Ad.  by  small 


mmster 3 

Marvlebone  ....  4 

Paddlngton 3 

Hampstead  ....  3 

St.  Pancras  4 

Islington   3 

Hackney        and 

Homerton 3 

St.    Giles's    and 

St.        George's, 

Bloomsbury    . .  3 

Strand    4  „  2 

Holborn 4   „  2 

Clerkenwell 3  „  1 

St.  Luke's 3  „   1 

East  London    . .  3  „  1 
West  London  . .  4  ,,  2 


3    0 


London  City 
Shoreditch    . . 
Bethnal  Green . .  3 

Whitechapel 4 

St.  George's  in 
the    East     and 

Limehouse 3 

Stepney 3 

Poplar    4 

St.  George's,  St. 
Olave's,  and 
St.      Saviour's, 

Southwark 3 

Bermondsey     . .  3 
Walworth      and 
Newington  ....  4 
Wandsworth    ..  4 

Lambeth   3 

Camberwell 4 

Clapham,  Brix- 
ton, and  Toot 

ing 

Rotherhithe 

Greenwich    .... 

Woolwich 

Lewisham 


d.  s.  d. 
6  to  2  6 
3  „  1    0 


4  „  2 

3  „  1 

3  „  1 

3  „  2 

6  „  3 


N.B.— The  single-handed  and  the  knuUers  generally 
charge  a  penny  less  than  the  prices  above  given. 

There  are  three  different  kinds  of  soot : — the 
best  is  produced  purely  from  coal ;  the  next  in 
value  is  that  which  proceeds  from  the  combustion 
of  vegetable  refuse  along  with  the  coal,  as  in 
cases  where  potato  peelings,  cabbage  leaves,  and 
the  like,  are  burnt  in  the  fires  of  the  poorer 
classes ;  while  the  soot  produced  from  wood  fires 
is,  I  am  told,  scarcely  worth  carriage.  Wood- 
soot,  however,  is  generally  mixed  with  that  from 
coal,  and  sold  as  the  superior  kind. 

Not  only  is  there  a  difference  in  value  in  the 
various  kinds  of  soot,  but  there  is  also  a  vast 
difference  in  the  weight.  A  bushel  of  pure  coal 
soot  will  not  weigh  above  four  pounds  ;  that  pro- 
duced from  the  combustion  of  coal  and  vegetable 
refuse  will  weigh  nearly  thrice  as  much  ;  while 
that  from  wood  fires  is,  I  am  assured,  nearly  ten 
times  heavier  than  from  coal. 

I  have  not  heard  that  the  introduction  of  free 
trade  has  had  any  influence  on  the  value  of  soot, 
or  in  reducing  the  wages  of  the  operatives.  The 
same  wages  are  paid  to  the  operatives  whether 
soot  sells  at  a  high  or  low  price. 

Of  the  General  Characteristics  of  tub 
Working  Ciiimney-Sweepers, 

There  are  many  reasons  why  the  chimney- 
sweepers have  ever  been  a  distinct  and  pecu- 
liar class.  They  have  long  been  looked  down 
upon  as  the  lowest  order  of  workers,  and  treated 
with  contumely  by  those  who  were  but  little 
better  than  themselves.  The  peculiar  nature  of 
their  work  giving  them  not  only  a  filthy  appear- 
ance, but  an  offensive  smell,  of  itself,  in  a  manner, 
prohibited  them  from  associating  with  other  work- 
ing men;  and  the  natural  effect  of  such  proscrip- 


No.  XLYII. 


362                            LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 

A  TABLE   SHOWING    THE 

NUMBER  OF    MASTER 

CHIMNEY  SWEEPERS  RESIDING 

IN    THE   SEVERAL    DISTRICTS    OF    THE 

METROPOLIS,   THE    NUMBER  OF  FORE- 

MEN,    OF    JOURNEYMEN,    AND    UNDER 

JOURNEYMEN     EMPLOYED    IN    EACH 

DISTRICT    DURING   THE  YEAR,    AS  WELL   AS 

THE  WEEKLY  WAGES    OF   EACH 

CLASS. 

■  s 

^ 

1  T3 

1 

g 

§1 

5*0. 

1 

Districts. 

11 

II 

H 

li 

1^ 

Weekly 
Wages 
of  each 

Weekly  Wages 
of  each 

Weekly  Wages 
of  each  Under    j 

|| 

1. 

If 

^! 

M 

Foreman, 

Journeyman. 

Journeyman. 

o  y 

•s| 

■si 

'o'S 

•o° 

■sS 

.  2 

.  >> 

.  p» 

•  c 

.  •" 

o  " 

6  o 

o  o 

°.2 

o  S 

oS 

^.S 

^o. 

^p. 

^■E. 

^S 

^S 

West  Districts. 

Ke'iisington   and  Hammei'-\  11 

2 

25 

16 

2 

695 

18s. 

7  at  16s. 

10s. 

smith. 

6  „  15s. 

10  „  14s. 

1  „  12s. 

Westminster 

13 

1 

26 

18 

1 

735 

14s. 

5  at  18s. 
10  „  12s. 

2s.  b 

3  „     4s.  I 

4  „     3s.  U 

4  „     2s.J      ! 

Chelsea 

22 

13 

11 

2 

670 

1  „  16s.         j     1  at  2s.  b 
3  „  12s.         i     1  e 

4  „  10s. 

3  „     3s.   -j 

1  „2s.6d\b 

1  „     2s.   J 

St.  George's,  ffanover-sq.... 

10 

5 

27 

25 

890 

4  at  18s. 
1  „  16s. 

5  at  18s. 
3  „  16s. 
2  „  15s. 
9  „  14s. 

4 

7  „  12s. 
1  „  6s.  b 

St.  Martin's  and  St.  Anns 

9 

16 

15 

1 

415 

7  at  6s.  ] 

2s.  b 

1 

6  „  4s.  U 

1 

2  „  3s.  J 

St.  James's,  Westminster  ... 

7 

1 

9 

6 

355 

14s. 

5  at  12s. 

1  „  10s. 

1  at  3s.  6d.  b 

j        North  Districts. 

'  Marylehone  

18 
10 

"i 

21 
17 

16 
10 

3 

775 
495 

iss. 

18s.          1         

lat  14s.           ;2at    2s.    \j 
1  „  10s.            I  „ls.6dr 

Paddington 

2  ,,    4s.  ^      ! 

8  „2s.edL  1 

1  „2s.6dr   \ 

2  „    Is.    J      1 

1  Hampstead  

2 

... 

2 

2 

2 

60 

... 

lat3s.l;     lat  Is  6d\j     1 

i„2s.r  ;i.  1^-  r  1 

i  Islington 

9 

13 

12 

3 

425 

3  at  4s.  1;         ls.6d.b 

2  „  3s.  r 

1 

1  St.  Pancras 

18 

... 

33 

21 

6 

920 

2  at  14s.         |3at    2s.    "1 
6  „  12s.          2  „ls.6dyh 

4  „  10s. 

1  „     Is.   J 

6  „  4s.   ^ 

3  „  BsQd 

11  „  3s.    [b 

1 

3  „  2s6d 

1 

1  „  2s.   J 

1 

1 

i  HacJcney  and  HomeHon  ... 

13 

3  1     3  1 

4 

290 

... 

2s.  b              l.j.  6d.  b       1 

LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


363 


Districts. 


Ckktral  Districts. 
St.  Oiless  and  St.  Georges, 

Bloomshury. 
Strand 


Holborn 


CUrhntBtll 


St.  Luke's 

East  London 
West  London 


London  City    

East  Districts. 


I  Shoreditck    .... 
BethneU  Green . 


WhiUchapel 

St.  Giortjes-in-Oie-East  and' 
Liuiehouse. 


j  Stepnei/. 
j  Poplar. 


South  Districts. 

SotUhvark    

Bermondsey 

Walworth  and  Newington 
Wandtworih 


Lambeth 


Cambencell  

Clapionf    Brixton,    and  \ 

Tooting    J 

RoUurkitU  

OrtenwiA    

Woolwich 


Lewitham.. 
Ramoneur  tomj-aii)/ 


Total 


<0    IS 


13 


17 


16 


350 


12 


12 


399 


eg 


•-5   C 

■si 


10 


10 


313 


e" 


62 


my 


435 
350 
435 


310 

175 
455 
205 

415 


380 
150 


330 
660 


275 
110 


385 
220 
330 
240 

660 

315 

410 

170 
195 
516 

160 
460 


15360 


Wages     i  Weekly  Wages 
of  each         ,   of  each 
Foreman.      Journeyman. 


205. 


8  at  12s. 

1  „  3s.  I 

is.  h 

2  at  185. 

„     45.  U 
„      35.  J 

J' 


8  at  35. 
1  „  25  6d. 

2s.  b 

35.  h 

3  at  45. 
6  „  35. 


6  at  6s.]^. 
6  „  4s.  J 


25.6 
1  at  5s. 
1  „   25.  & 

2s.  I 

3  at    3s.    1 

4  „25.6d  U 
7  „    25.    J 

35.  J 

2s.  b 


2s.  b 
2s.  b 
3  at  3s.     K 

3  „2s.6dr 
3  at    35.    1  , 
6  „25.6rf/^ 
25.  6d.  b 

2s.  6d.  b 

25.  b 

Is.  6d.  b 

13  at  25.  6d. 

4  „  l5.  6d. 

2s.  b 

185. 


Weekly  Wages 
of  each  Under 
Journeyman. 


Is.  b 


1  at 
1  » 


t} 


Is.  b 
Is.  6 

2s.  b 

Is.  b 

3s.  e 
1  at  Is.  6d  \  J 

2  „  i5.  r 

Is.  6d.  b 

is'.'b 
Is.  b 
Is.b 

latls.6rfl  , 

4  „  i5.  r 

Is.  b 
Is.  b 


Is.b 
2  at  l5. 
1  „  9d. 

Is.b 


NoTB.— 6  mean*  board  and  Iodising  m  well  at  money,  or  part  money  and  part  kind ;  «  stands  for  everything  found  or 
paid  all  in  kind. 

T>i>«('  returns  have  been  collected  by  pertonal  visits  to  each  district :— the  name  of  each  master  thro  ughout  London, 
together  with  the  number  of  Foremen,  Joumevmen,  and  Under  Journeymen  employed,  and  the  Wages  received  by 
each,  as  well  as  the  quantity  of  soot  collected,  have  been  likewise  obtained ;  but  the  names  of  the  masters  are  here 
omitted  for  want  of  space,  and  the  results  alone  are  given. 


B6i 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


tion  has  been  to  compel  them  to  herd  together 
apart  from  others,  and  to  acquire  habits  and  pe- 
culiarities of  their  own  widely  differing  from  the 
characteristics    of    the    rest    of    the    labouring 


Sweepesrs,  however,  have  not  from  this  cause 
generally  been  an  hereditary  race — that  is,  they 
have  not  become  sweepers  from  father  to  son  for 
many  generations.  Their  numbers  were,  in  the 
days  of  the  climbing  boys,  in  most  intances  in- 
creased by  parish  apprentices,  the  parishes  usually 
adopting  that  mode  as  the  cheapest  and  easiest 
of  freeing  themselves  from  a  part  of  the  burden 
of  juvenile  pauperism.  The  climbing  boys,  but 
more  especially  the  unfortunate  parish  apprentices, 
were  almost  always  cruelly  used,  starved,  beaten, 
and  over-worked  by  their  masters,  and  treated  as 
outcasts  by  all  with  whom  they  came  in  con- 
tact :  there  can  be  no  wonder,  then,  that,  driven 
in  this  manner  from  all  other  society,  they  gladly 
availed  themselves  of  the  companionship  of  their 
fellow-sufferers ;  quickly  imbibed  all  their  habits 
and  peculiarities  ;  and,  perhaps,  ended  by  becoming 
themselves  the  most  tyrannical  masters  to  those 
who  might  happen  to  be  placed  under  their  charge. 

Notwithstanding  the  disrepute  in  which  sweepers 
have  ever  been  held,  there  are  many  classes  of 
workers  beneath  them  in  intelligence.  All  the 
tribe  of  finders  and  collectors  (with  the  exception 
of  the  dredgermen,  who  are  an  observant  race, 
and  the  sewer-hunters,  who,  from  the  danger  of 
their  employment,  are  compelled  to  exercise  their 
intellects)  are  far  inferior  to  them  in  this  respect; 
and  they  are  clever  fellows  compared  to  many  of 
the  dustmen  and  scavagers.  The  great  mass  of 
the  agricultural  labourers  are  known  to  be  almost 
as  ignorant  as  the  beasts  they  drive ;  but  the 
sweepers,  from  whatever  cause  it  may  arise,  are 
known,  in  many  instances,  to  be  shrewd,  intelli- 
gent, and  active. 

But  there  is  much  room  for  improvement  among 
the  operative  chimney-sweepers.  Speaking  of  the 
men  generally,  I  am  assured  that  there  is  scarcely  one 
out  of  ten  who  can  either  read  or  write.  One  man  in 
Chelsea  informed  me  that  some  ladies,  in  connec- 
tion with  the  llev.  Mr.  Cadman's  church,  made 
an  attempt  to  instruct  the  sweepers  of  the  neigh- 
bourhood in  reading  and  writing ;  but  the  master 
sweepers  grew  jealous,  and  became  afraid  lest  their 
men  should  get  too  knowing  for  them.  When  the 
time  came,  therefore,  for  the  men  to  prepare  for 
the  school,  the  masters  always  managed  to  find 
out  some  job  which  prevented  them  from  attending 
at  the  appointed  time,  and  the  consequence  was 
that  the  benevolent  designs  of  the  ladies  were 
frustrated. 

The  sweepers,  as  a  class,  in  almost  all  their 
habits,  bear  a  strong  resemblance  to  the  coster- 
mongers.  The  habit  of  going  about  in  search 
of  their  employment  has,  of  itself,  implanted 
in  many  of  them  the  wandering  propensity  pecu- 
liar to  street  people.  Many  of  the  better-class 
costermongers  have  risen  into  coal-shed  men  and 
greengrocers,  and  become  settled  in  life ;  in  like 
manner  the  better-class  sweepers  have  risen  to  be 
masters,  and,  becoming  settled  in  a  locality,  have 


gradually  obtained  the  trade  of  the  neighbourhood; 
then,  as  their  circumstances  improved,  they  have 
been  able  to  get  horses  and  carts,  and  become 
nightmen;  and  there  are  many  of  them  at  this 
moment  men  of  wealth,  comparatively  speaking. 
The  great  body  of  them,  however,  retain  in  all  their 
force  their  original  characteristics;  the  masters 
themselves,  although  shrewd  and  sensible  men, 
often  betray  their  want  of  education,  and  are  in  no 
way  particular  as  to  their  expressions,  their  lan- 
guage being  made  up,  in  a  great  measure,  of  the 
terms  peculiar  to  the  costermongers,  especially  the 
denominations  of  the  various  sorts  of  money.  I 
met  with  some  sweepers,  however,  whose  language 
was  that  in  ordinary  use,  and  their  manners  not 
vulgar.  I  might  specify  one,  who,  although  a 
workhouse  orphan  and  apprentice,  a  harshly- 
treated  climbing-boy,  is  now  prospering  as  a 
sweeper  and  nightman,  is  a  regular  attendant  at 
all  meetings  to  promote  the  good  of  the  poor,  and 
a  zealous  ragged-school  teacher,  and  teetotaller. 

When  such  men  are  met  with,  perhaps  the  class 
cannot  be  looked  upon  as  utterly  cast  away, 
although  the  need  of  reformation  in  the  habits  of 
the  working  sweepers  is  extreme,  and  especially 
in  respect  of  drinking,  gambling,  and  dirt.  The 
journeymen  (who  have  often  a  good  deal  of 
leisure)  and  the  single-handed  men  are — in  the 
great  majority  of  cases  at  least — addicted  to  drink- 
ing, beer  being  their  favourite  beverage,  either 
because  it  is  the  cheapest  or  that  they  fancy  it  the 
most  suitable  for  washing  away  the  sooty  particles 
which  find  their  way  to  their  throats.  These 
men  gamble  also,  but  with  this  proviso — they 
seldom  play  for  money ;  but  when  they  meet  in 
their  usual  houses  of  resort — two  famous  ones  are 
in  Back  C lane  and  S street.  White- 
chapel — they  spend  their  time  and  what  money 
they  may  have  in  tossing  for  beer,  till  they  are 
either  drunk  or  penniless.  Such  men  pre- 
sent the  appearance  of  having  just  come  out  of 
a  chimney.  There  seems  never  to  have  been  any 
attempt  made  by  them  ^o  wash  the  soot  off  their 
faces.  I  am  informed  that  there  is  scarcely  one 
of  them  who  has  a  secojul  shirt  or  any  change  of 
clothes,  and  that  they  wear  their  garments  night 
and  day  till  they  literally  rot,  and  drop  in  frag- 
ments from  their  backs.  Those  who  are  not  em- 
ployed as  journeymen  by  the  masters  are  fre- 
quently whole  days  without  food,  especially  in 
summer,  when  the  work  is  slack  ;  and  it  usually 
happens  that  those  who  are  what  is  called 
"knocking  about  on  their  own  account "  seldom 
or  never  have  a  farthing  in  their  pockets  in  the 
morning,  and  may,  perhaps,  have  to  travel  till 
evening  before  they  get  a  threepenny  or  sixpenny 
chimney  to  sweep.  When  night  comes,  and  they 
meet  their  companions,  the  tossing  and  drinking 
again  commences ;  they  again  get  drunk ;  roll  home 
to  wherever  it  may  be,  to  go  through  the  same 
routine  on  the  morrow ;  and  this  is  the  usual 
tenour  of  their  lives,  whether  earning  5».  or  20a'.  a 
week. 

The  chimney-sweepers  generally  are  fond  of 
drink  ;  indeed  their  calling,  like  that  of  dustmen, 
is  one  of  those  which  naturally  lead  to  it.     The 


LOyDO±y  LABOUR  AAD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


365 


men  declare  they  are  ordered  to  drink  gin  and 
smoke  as  much  as  they  can,  in  order  to  rid  the 
stomach  of  the  soot  they  may  have  swallowed  dur- 
ing their  work. 

Wailiing  among  chimney-sweepers  seems  to 
be  much  more  frequent  than  it  was.  In  the  evi- 
dence before  Parliament  it  was  stated  that  some 
of  the  climbing-boys  were  washed  once  in  six 
months,  some  once  a  week,  some  once  in  two 
or  three  months.  I  do  not  find  it  anywhere 
stated  that  any  of  these  children  were  never 
washed  at  all ;  but  from  the  tenoiir  of  the  evi- 
dence it  may  be  reasonably  concluded  that  such 
was  the  case. 

A  master  sweeper,  who  was  in  the  habit  of 
bathing  at  the  Marylebone  baths  once  and  some- 
times twice  a  week,  assured  me  that,  although 
many  now  eat  and  drink  and  sleep  sooty,  wash- 
ing is  more  common  among  his  class  than  when  he 
himself  was  a  climbing-boy.  He  used  then  to  be 
stripped,  and  compelled  to  step  into  a  tub,  and 
into  water  sometimes  too  hot  and  sometimes  too 
cold,  while  his  mistress,  to  use  his  own  word, 
scoured  him.  Judging  from  what  he  had  seen 
and  heard,  my  informant  was  satisfied  that,  from 
30  to  40  years  ago,  climbing-boys,  with  a  very 
few  exceptions,  were  but  seldom  washed ;  and 
then  it  was  looked  upon  by  them  as  a  most  dis- 
agreeable operation,  often,  indeed,  as  a  species  of 
punishment.  Some  of  the  climbing-boys  used  to 
be  taken  by  their  masters  to  bathe  in  the  Ser- 
pentine many  years  ago  ;  but  one  boy  was  un- 
fortunately drowned,  so  that  the  children  could 
hardly  be  coerced  to  go  into  the  water  afterwards. 

The  washing  among  the  chimney-sweepers  of 
the  present  day,  when  there  are  scarcely  any 
climbing-boys,  is  so  much  an  individual  matter 
tljat  it  is  not  possible  to  speak  with  any  great 
degree  of  certainty  on  the  subject,  but  that  it 
increases  may  be  concluded  from  the  fact  that  the 
number  of  sweeps  who  resort  to  the  public  baths 
increases. 

The  first  public  baths  and  washhouses  opened 
in, London  were  in  the  "north-west  district,"  and 
situated  in  George-street,  Euston- square,  near  the 
Harapstead-road.  This  establishment  was  founded 
by  voluntary  contribution  in  184(5,  and  is  now 
self-supporting. 

There  are  three  more  public  baths :  one  in 
Ghwlston-street,  Whitechapel  (on  the  same  prin- 
ciple as  that  first  established)  ;  another  in  8t. 
Martin's,  near  the  National  Gallery,  which  are 
parochial  ;  and  the  last  in  Marylebone,  near  the 
Yorkshire  Stingo  tavern.  New-road,  also  paro- 
chial. The  charge  for  a  cold  bath,  each  being 
secluded  from  the  others,  is  Irf.,  with  the  use  of  a 
towel  ;  a  warm  bath  is  Id.  in  the  third  class. 
The  following  is  the  return  of  the  number  of 
bathers  at  the  north-wMt  district  baths,  the  esta- 
blishment most  frequented  : — 


I  endeavoured  to  ascertain  the  proportion  of 
sweepers,  with  other  working  men,  who  availed 
themselves  of  these  baths ;  but  there  are  unfor- 
tunately no  data  for  instituting  a  comparison  as 
to  the  relative  cleanliness  of  the  several  trades. 
When  the  baths  were  first  opened  an  endeavour 
was  made  to  obtain  such  a  return ;  but  it  was 
found  to  be  distasteful  to  the  bathers,  and  so  was 
discontinued.  We  find,  then,  that  in  four  years 
there  have  been  406,051  bathers.  The  following 
gives  the  proportion  between  the  sexes,  a  portion 
of  1846  being  included  : — 


Bathers — Males 
„  Females    . 

Total  bathers   . 


417,424 
47,114 

464,538 


1M7.    1    IBSa    1    1849.    {    18S0. 

Mr-th.-rn    

Wiuheri,  Dryen, 
4room,*c. 

lodividuals  Washed 
for   

110,940 
30^18 

iium 

OlpflHI 
846.780 

96,726 
6&4»4 
183,788 

86,597 
78.083 

The  fiiUing  oflFin  the  number  of  bathers  at  this 
estJiblishment  is,  I  am  told,  attribuUible  to  the 
opening  of  new  baths,  the  people,  of  course,  re- 
sorting to  the  nearest. 

I  have  given  the  return  of  washers,  &c.,  as  I 
endeavoured  to  ascertain  the  proportion  of  wash- 
ing by  the  chimney-sweeper's  wives  ;  but  there  is 
no  specification  of  the  trades  of  the  persons  using 
this  branch  of  the  establishment  any  more  than 
there  is  of  those  frequenting  the  baths,  and  for 
the  same  reason  as  prevented  its  being  done 
among  the  bathers.  One  of  the  attendants  at 
these  washhouses  told  me  that  he  had  no  doubt 
the  sweepers'  wives  did  wash  there,  for  he  Ind 
more  than  once  seen  a  sweeper  waiting  to  carry 
home  the  clothes  his  wife  had  cleansed.  As  no 
questions  concerning  their  situation  in  life  are 
asked  of  the  poor  women  who  resort  to  these 
very  excellent  institutions  (for  such  they  appear 
to  be  on  a  cursory  glance)  of  course  no  data  can  be 
supplied.  This  is  to  be  somewhat  regretted  ;  but 
a  regard  to  the  feelings,  and  in  some  respects  to 
the  small  prejudice?,  of  the  industrious  poor  is  to 
be  commended  rather  than  otherwise,  and  the 
managers  of  these  baths  certainly  seem  to  have 
manifested  such  a  regard. 

I  am  informed,  however,  by  the  secretary  of 
the  north-west  district  institution,  that  in  some 
weeks  of  the  smnmer  80  chimney-sweepers  bathed 
there ;  always  having,  he  believed,  warm  baths, 
which  are  more  effective  in  removing  soot  or  dirt 
from  the  skin  than  cold.  Summer,  it  must  be 
remembered,  is  the  sweep's  "brisk"  season.  In 
a  winter  week  as  few  as  26  or  20  have  bathed, 
but  the  weekly  average  of  sweeper-bathers,  the 
year  through,  is  about  50 ;  and  the  number  of 
sweeper-bathers,  he  thought,  had  increased  since 
the  opening  of  the  baths  about  10  per  cent, 
yearly.  As  in  1850  the  average  number  of 
bathers  of  all  classes  did  not  exceed  1646  per 
week,  the  proportion  of  sweepers,  50,  is  high. 
The  number  of  female  bathers  is  about  one-ninth, 
so  that  the  males  would  be  about  1480 ;  and  the 
60  sweepers  a  week  constitute  about  a  thirtieth 
part  of  the  whole  of  the  third-class  batherp.  The 
number  of  sweep-bathers  was  known  because  a 
sweep  is  known  by  his  appearance. 

I  was  told  by  the  secretary  that  the  sweepers, 
the  majority  bathing  on  Saturday  nights,  usually 


366 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


carried  a  bundle  to  the  bath  ;  this  contained  their 
"clean  things."  After  bathing  they  assumed 
their  "Sunday  clothes;"  and  from  the  change 
in  their  appearance  between  ingress  and  egress, 
they  were  hardly  recognisable  as  the  same  indi- 
viduals.    , 

In  the  other  baths,  where  also  there  is  no 
specification  of  the  bathers,  I  am  told,  that  of 
sweepers  bathing  the  number  (on  computation)  is 
30  at  Marylebone,  25  at  Goulston-street,  and  15 
(at  the  least)  at  St.  Martin's,  as  a  weekly  average. 
In  all,  120  sweepers  bathe  weekly,  or  about  a 
seventh  of  the  entire  working  body.  The  in- 
crease at  the  three  baths  last  mentioned,  in 
sweepers  bathing,  is  from  5  to  10  per  cent. 

Among  the  lower-class  sweepers  there  are  but 
few  who  wash  themselves  even  once  throughout 
the  year.  They  eat,  drink,  and  sleep  in  the  same 
state  of  filth  and  dirt  as  when  engaged  in  their 
daily  avocation.  Others,  however,  among  the 
better  class  are  more  cleanly  in  their  habits,  and 
■wash  themselves  every  night. 

Between  the  ajipearance  of  ike  sweepers  in  the 
streets  at  the^  present  time  and  before  the  aboli- 
tion of  the  system  of  climbing  there  is  a  marked 
diflPerence.     Charles  Lamb  said  (in  1823)  : — 

"  I  like  to  meet  a  sweep — understand  me,  not 
a  grown  sweeper — old  chimney-sweepers  are  by 
no  means  attractive — but  one  of  those  tender 
novices  blooming  through  their  first  nigritude, 
the  maternal  washings  not  quite  effaced  from  the 
cheek — such  as  come  forth  with  the  dawn,  or 
somewhat  earlier,  with  their  little  professional 
notes  sounding  like  the  peej}  peep  of  a  young 
sparrow;  or  liker  to  the  matin  lark  should  I 
pronounce  them,  in  their  aerial  ascents  not  seldom 
anticipating  the  sunrise  1 " 

Throughout  his  essay,  Elia  throws  the  halo  of 
poetry  over  the  child-sweepers,  calling  them  "  dim 
specks,"  "poor  blots,"  "innocent  blacknesses," 
"young  Africans  of  our  own  growth;"  the 
natural  kindliness  of  the  writer  shines  out  through 
all.  He  counsels  his  reader  to  give  the  young 
innocent  2d.,  or,  if  the  weather  were  starving, 
"let  the  demand  on  thy  humanity  rise  to  a 
tester"  {6d.). 

The  appearance  of  the  little  children-sweepers, 
as  they  trotted  along  at  the  master's  or  the  journey- 
man's heels,  or  waited  at  "rich  men's  doors"  on  a 
cold  morning,  was  pitiable  in  the  extreme.  If  it 
snowed,  there  was  a  straYige  contrast  between 
the  black  sootiness  of  the  sweeper's  dress  and  the 
white  flakes  of  snow  which  adhered  to  it.  The 
boy-sweeper  trotted  listlessly  along;  a  sack  to 
contain  the  soot  thrown  over  his  shoulder,  or 
disposed  round  his  neck,  like  a  cape  or  shawl. 
One  master  sweeper  tells  me  that  in  his  appren- 
ticeship days  he  had  to  wait  at  the  great  man- 
sions in  and  about  Grosvenor-square,  on  some 
bitter  wintry  mornings,  until  he  felt  as  if  his  feet, 
although  he  had  both  stockings  and  shoes — and 
many  young  climbers  were  barefoot — felt  as  if 
frozen  to  the  pavement.  When  the  door  was 
opened,  he  told  me,  the  matter  was  not  really 
mended.     The  rooms  were  often  large  and  cold. 


and  being  lighted  only  with  a  candle  or  two,  no 
doubt  looked  very  dreary,  while  there  was  not  a 
fire  in  the  whole  house,  and  no  one  up  but  a 
yawning  servant  or  two,  often  very  cross  at 
having  been  disturbed.  The  servants,  however, 
in  noblemen's  houses,  he  also  told  me,  were 
frequently  kind  to  him,  giving  him  bread  ajid 
butter,  and  sometimes  bread  and  jam  ;  and  as  his 
master  generally  had  a  glass  of  raw  spirit  handed 
to  him,  the  boy  usually  had  a  sip  when  his 
employer  had  "  knocked  oflf  his  glass."  His 
employer,  indeed,  sometimes  said,  "  0,  he 's  better 
without  it ;  it  '11  only  lam  him  to  drink,  like  it 
did  me  ;  '  but  the  servant  usually  answered,  "  0, 
here,  just  a  thimblefuU  for  him." 

The  usual  dress  of  the  climbing-boy — as  I  have 
learned  from  those  who  had  worn  it  themselves, 
and,  when  masters,  had  provided  it  for  their 
boys — was  made  of  a  sort  of  strong  flannel,  which 
many  years  ago  was  called  chimney-sweepers' 
cloth ;  but  my  informant  was  not  certain  whether 
this  was  a  common  name  for  it  or  not,  he  only 
remembered  having  heard  it  called  so.  He  re- 
membered, also,  accompanying  his  master  to  do 
something  to  the  flues  in  a  church,  then  (1817) 
hung  with  black  cloth,  as  a  part  of  the  national 
mourning  for  the  Princess  Charlotte  of  Wales, 
and  he  thought  it  seemed  very  like  the  chimney- 
sweepers' cloth,  which  was  dark  coloured  when 
new.  The  child-sweep  wore  a  pair  of  cloth 
trowsers,  and  over  that  a  sort  of  tunic,  or  tight 
fitting  shirt  with  sleeves;  sometimes  a  little 
waistcoat  and  jacket.  This,  it  must  be  borne  in 
mind,  was  only  the  practice  among  the  best 
masters  (who  always  had  to  find  their  apprentices 
in  clothes) ;  and  was  the  practice  among  them 
more  and  more  in  the  later  period  of  the  climbing 
process,  for  householders  began  to  inquire  as  to 
what  sort  of  trim  the  boys  employed  on  their 
premises  appeared  in.  The  poorer  or  the  less 
well-disposed  masters  clad  the  urchins  who 
climbed  for  them  in  any  old  rags  which  their 
wives  could  piece  together,  or  in  any  low-priced 
garment  "picked  up"  in  such  places  as  Rosemary- 
lane.  The  fit  was  no  object  at  all.  These  ill-clad 
lads  were,  moreover,  at  one  time  the  great  majority. 
The  clothes  were  usually  made  "  at  home"  by  the 
women,  and  in  the  same  style,  as  regarded  the 
seams,  &c.,  as  the  sacks  for  soot ;  but  sometimes 
the  work  Avas  beyond  the  art  of  the  sweeper's 
wife,  and  then  the  aid  of  some  poor  neighbour 
better  skilled  in  the  use  of  her  scissors  and  needle, 
or  of  some  poor  tailor,  was  called  in,  on  the  well- 
known  terms  of  "  a  shilling  (or  Is.  6d.)  a  day,  and 
the  grub." 

The  cost  of  a  climbing-boy's  dress,  I  was  in- 
formed, varied,  when  new,  according  to  the  mate- 
rial of  which  it  was  made,  from  3s.  6d.  to  6s.  6d. 
independently  of  the  cost  of  making,  which,  in 
the  hands  of  a  tailor  who  "  whipped  the  cat"  (or 
went  out  to  work  at  his  customer's  houses),  would 
occupy  a  day,  at  easy  labour,  at  a  cost  of  Is.  6d. 
(or  less)  in  money,  and  the  "  whip-cat's  "  meals, 
perhaps  another  Is.  6d.,  beer  included.  As  to 
the  cost  of  a  sweeper's  second-hand  clothing  it  is 
useless  to  inquire ;  but  I  was  informed  by  a  now 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


367 


thriving  master,  that  when)he  was  about  twelve 
rears  old  his  mistress  bought  him  a  "  werry  tidy 
jacket,  as  seemed  made  for  a  gen'leman's  son,"  in 
Petticoat-lane,  one  Sunday  morning,  for  L<f.  Qd.  ; 
while  other  things,  he  said,  were  "  in  propor- 
tionate," Shoes  and  stockings  are  not  included  in 
the  cost  of  the  little  sweeper's  apparel ;  and  they 
were,  perhaps,  always  bought  second-hand.  A 
few  of  the  best  masters  (or  of  those  wishing  to 
stand  best  in  their  customers'  regards),  who  sent 
their  boys  to  church  or  to  Sunday  schools,  had 
then  a  non-working  attire  for  them ;  either  a 
sweeper's  dress  of  jacket  and  trowsers,  unsoiled 
by  soot,  or  the  ordinar}'  dress  of  a  poor  lad. 

The  street  appearance  of  the  present  race  of 
sweepers,  alladults,  may  every  here  and  there  bear 
out  Charles  Lamb's  dictum,  that  grown  sweepers 
are  by  no  means  attractive.  Some  of  them  are 
broad-shouldered  and  strongly-built  men,  who, 
as  they  traverse  the  streets,  sometimes  look  as 
grim  as  they  are  dingy.  The  chiraney-scavager 
carries  the  implement  of  his  calling  propped  on 
his  shoulder,  in  the  way  shown  in  the  daguerreo- 
type which  I  have  given.  His  dress  is  usually  a 
jacket,  waistcoat,  and  trowsers  of  dark-coloured 
corduroy ;  or  instead  of  a  jacket  a  waistcoat 
with  sleeves.  Over  this  when  at  work  the  sweeper 
often  wears  a  sort  of  blouse  or  short  smock-frock 
of  coarse  strong  calico  or  canvas,  which  protects 
the  corduroy  suit  from  the  soot.  In  this  descrip- 
tion of  the  sweeper's  garb  I  can  but  speak  of  those 
whose  means  enable  them  to  attain  the  comfort  of 
warm  apparel  in  the  winter;  the  poorer  part  of 
the  trade  often  shiver  shirtless  under  a  blouse 
which  half  covers  a  pair  of  threadbare  trowsers. 
The  cost  of  the  corduroy  suit  I  have  mentioned 
varies,  I  was  told  by  a  sweeper,  who  put  it 
tersely  enough,  "  from  20*.  slop,  to  40«.  slap." 
The  average,  runa,  I  believe,  from  28«.  to  ZZs.,  as 
regards  the  better  class  of  the  sweepers. 

The  diet  of  the  journeymen  strtepeis  and  the 
apprentices,  and  sometimes  of  their  working  em- 
ployer, was  described  to  me  as  generally  after  the 
following  fashion.  My  informant,  a  journeyman, 
calculated  what  his  food  "  stood  his  master,"  as 
he  had  once  "  kept  hisself " 


Daily. 


Bread  and  butter  and  coffee  for  break- 
fast       

A  saveloy  and  potatoes,  or  cabbage  ; 
or  a  '•  fi^?ot,"  with  the  same  vegetables  ;  or 
fried  fish  (but  not  often) ;  or  pudding, 
from  a  pudding  shop;  or  soup  (a  twopenny 
plate)  from  a  cheap  eating- bouse;  average 
from  2d.  \oZd 

Tea,  same  at  breakfast 


d. 


0     2 


0  6i 
On  Sundays  the  fare  was  better.  They  then 
sometimes  had  a  bit  of  "  prime  fat  mutton  "  taken 
to  the  oven,  with  "  titurs  to  bake  along  with  it;" 
or  a  "  irj  of  liver,  if  the  old  'oman  was  in  a  good 
humour,"  and  always  a  pint  of  beer  apiece. 
Hence,  as  some  give  their  men  beer,  the  average 
am^'int  <>f  5*.  or  6«.  weekly,  which  I  have  given  i 


as  the  'cost  of  the  "  board  "  to  the  masters,  is 
made  up.  The  drunken  single-handed  master- 
men,  I  am  told,  live  on  beer  and  "  a  bite  of  any- 
thing they  can  get."  I  believe  there  are  few 
complaints  of  inefficient  food. 

The  food  provided  by  the  large  or  high  master 
sweepers  is  generally  of  the  same  kind  as  the 
master  and  his  family  partake  of;  among  this 
class  the  journeymen  are  tolerably  well  provided 
for. 

In  the  lower-class  sweepers,  however,  the  food  is 
not  so  plentiful  nor  so  good  in  kind  as  that  pro- 
vided by  the  high  master  sweepers.  The  expense 
of  keeping  a  man  employed  by  a  large  master 
sometimes  ranges  as  high  as  85.  a  week,  but  the 
average,  I  am  told,  is  about  Qs.  per  Aveek ;  while 
those  employed  by  the  low-class  sweepers  average 
about  55.  a  week.  The  cost  of  their  lodging  may 
be  taken  at  from  Is.  to  2s.  a  week  extra. 

The  sweepers  in  general  are,  I  am  assured,  fond 
of  oleaginous  food  ;  fat  broth,  fagots,  and  what  is 
often  called  "greasy"  meat. 

They  are  considered  a  short-lii\d  people,  and 
among  the  journeymen,  the'masters  •'  on  their  own 
hook,"  &c.,  few  old  men  are  to  be  met  with.  In 
one  of  the  reports  of  the  Board  of  Health,  out 
of  4312  deaths  among  males,  of  the  age  of  15 
and  upwards,  the  mortality  among  the  sweepers, 
masters  and  men,  was  9,  or  one  in  109  of  the 
whole  trade.  As  the  calculation  was  formed, 
however,  from  data  supplied  by  the  census 
of  1841,  and  on  the  Post  Office  Directory, 
it  supplies  no  reliable  information,  as  I  shall 
show  when  I  come  to  treat  of  the  nightmen. 
Many  of  these  men  still  suffer,  T  am  told,  from 
the  chimney-sweeper's  cancer,  which  is  said  to 
arise  mainly  from  uncleanly  habits.  Some 
sweepers  assure  me  that  they  have  vomited  balls 
of  soot. 

As  to  the  abodes  of  the  master  sirecpers,  I  can 
supply  the  following  account  of  two.  The  soot, 
I  should  observe,  is  seldom  kept  long,  rarely  a 
month,  on  the  premises  of  a  sweeper,  and  is  in  the 
best  "concerns"  kept  in  cellars. 

The  localities  in  which  many  of  the  sweepers 
reside  are  the  "  lowest "  places  in  the  district. 
Many  of  the  houses  in  which  I  found  the  lower 
class  of  sweepers  were  in  a  ruinous  and  filthy  con- 
dition. The  "high-class"  sweepers,  on  the  other 
hand,  live  in  respectable  localities,  often  having 
back  premises  sufficiently  large  to  stow  away  their 
soot. 

I  had  occasion  to  visit  the  house  of  one  of  the 
persons  from  whom  I  obtained  much  information. 
He  is  a  master  in  a  small  way,  a  sensible  man, 
and  was  one  of  the  few  who  are  teetotallers.  His 
habitation,  though  small — being  a  low  house  only 
one  story  high — was  substantially  furnished  with 
massive  mahogany  chairs,  table,  chests  of  drawers, 
<Scc.,  while  on  each  side  of  the  fire-place,  which 
was  distinctly  visible  from  the  street  over  a  hall 
door,  were  two  buft'ets,  with  glass  doors,  well 
filled  with  glass  and  china  vessels.  It  was  a  wet 
night,  and  a  fire  burned  brightly  in  the  stove,  by 
the  light  of  which  might  be  seen  the  master  of 
the  establishment  sitting  on  one  side,  while  his 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


wife  and  daughter  ocaipied  the  other:  a  iieiuhbour 
sat  before  the  fire  with  liis  back  to  the  door,  and 
altogether  it  struck  nie  as  a  comfortable-looking 
evening  party.  They  were  resting  and  chatting 
quietly  together  after  the  labour  of  the  day,  and 
everything  betokened  the  comfortable  circum- 
stances in  which  the  man,  by  sobriety  and  in- 
dustry, had  been  able  to  place  himself.  Yet  this 
man  had  been  a  climbing-boy,  and  one  of  the 
unfortunates  who  had  lost  his  parents  when  a. 
child,  and  was  apprenticed  by  the  parish  to  this 
business.  From  him  I  learned  that  his  was  not 
a  solitary  instance  of  teetotalisra  (I  have  be- 
fore spoken  of  another) ;  that,  in  fact,  there 
were  some  more,  and  one  in  particular,  named 
Brown,  who  Avas  a  good  speaker,  and  devoted 
himself  during  his  leisure  hours  at  night  in 
advocating  the  principles  which  by  experience  he 
had  found  to  effect  such  gre<it  good  to  himself; 
but  he  also  informed  nie  that  the  majority  of  the 
others  were  a  drunken  and  dissipated  crew,  sunk 
to  the  lowest  degree  of  misery,  yet  recklessly 
spending  every  farthing  they  could  earn  in  the 
public-house. 

Different  in  every  respect  was  another  house 
which  I  visited  in  the  course  of  my  inquiries,  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  H — street,  Bethnal-green. 
The  house  was  rented  by  a  sweeper,  a  master  on 
his  own  account,  and  every  room  in  the  place  was  let 
to  sweepers  and  their  wives  or  women,  which,  with 
these  men,  often  signify  one  and  tlie  same  thing. 
The  inside  of  the  house  looked  as  dark  as  a  coal- 
pit ;  there  was  an  insufferable  smell  of  soot, 
always  offensive  to  those  unaccustomed  to  it; 
and  everj'^  person  and  every  thing  which  met 
the  eye,  even  to  the  caps  and  gowns  of  the  wo- 
men, seemed  as  if  they  had  just  been  steeped  in 
Indian  ink.  In  one  room  Avas  a  sweep  and  his 
woman  quarrelling.       As    I   opened  the    door  I 

caught  the  words,  ''I  'm  d d  if  I  has  it  any 

longer.     I'd  see  you  b y  well  d d  first, 

and  you  knows  it."  The  savage  was  intoxicated, 
for  his  red  eyes  flashed  through  his  sooty  mask 
with  drunken  excitement,  and  his  matted  hair, 
which  looked  as  if  it  had  never  known  a  comb, 
stood  out  from  his  head  like  the  whalebone  ribs 

of  his   own   machine.      "  B y    Bet,"   as    he 

called  her,  did  not  seem  a  whit  more  sober  than 
her  man ;  and  the  shrill  treble  of  her  voice 
was  distinctly  audible  till  I  turned  the  corner 
of  the  street,  whither  I  was  accompanied  by 
the  master  of  the  house,  to  whom  I  had  been  re- 
commended by  one  of  the  fraternity  as  an  intel- 
ligent man,  and  one  who  knew  '•  a  thing  or  two." 
"  You  see,"  he  said,  as  we  turned  the  corner, 
"  there  isn't  no  use^a  talkin'  to  them  ere  fellows — 
they  're  all  tosticated  now,  and  they  doesn't  care 
nothink  for  nobody;  but  they'll  be  quiet  enough 
to-morrow,  'cept  they  yarns  somethink,  and  if  they 
do  then  they  '11  be  just  as  bad  to-morrow  night. 
They  're  a  awful  lot,  and  nobody  ill  niver  do 
anythink  with  them."  This  man  was  not  by  any 
means  in  such  easy  circumstances  as  the  master  first 
mentioned.  He  was  merely  a  man  working  for 
himself,  and  unable  to  employ  any  one  else  in  the 
business ;    as  is  customary  with  some  of   these 


people,  he  had  taken  the  house  he  had  shown 
me  to  let  to  lodgers  of  his  own  class,  making 
something  by  so  doing ;  though,  if  his  own  ac- 
count be  correct,  1  'm  at  a  loss  to  imagine  how 
he  contrived  even  to  get  his  rent.  From  him  I 
obtained  the  following  statement : — 

"  Yes,  I  was  a  climlaing-boy,  and  sarved  a  rigler 
printiceship  for  seven  years.     I  was  out  on  my 
printiceship  Avhen  I  was  fourteen.     Father  was  a 
silk-weaver,  and  did  all  he  knew  to  keep  me  from 
being  a   sweep,  but  I   would  be  a   sweep,  and 
nothink  else."     [This  is  not  so  very  uncommon  a 
predilection,  strange  as  it  may  seem.]  "  So  father, 
when  he  saw  it  was  no  use,  got  me  bound  prin- 
tice.     Father's  alive  now,  and  near  90  years  of 
age.     I  don't  know  why  I  wished  to  be  a  sweep, 
'cept  it  was  this — there  was  sweeps  always  lived 
about  here,  and  I  used  to  see  the  boys  with  lots 
of  money  a  tossin'  and  ganiblin',  and  wished  to 
have  money  too.     You  see  they  got  money  Avhere 
they  swept  the  chimneys;  they  used  to  get  2d.  or 
2>d.  for  theirselves  in  a  day,  and  sometimes  6rf. 
from   the   people   of   the   house,  and  that's  the 
way  they  always  had  plenty  of  money.     I  niver 
thought  anythink  of  the  climbing ;    it  wasn't  so 
bad  at  all  as  some  people  would  make  you  believe. 
Tliere  are  two  or  three  ways  of  climbing.     In 
wide  flues  you  climb  with  your  elbows  and  your 
legs  spread  out,  your  feet  pressing  against  the 
sides  of  the  flue ;   but  in  narrow  flues,  such  as 
nine-inch  ones,  you  must  slant  it ;  you  must  have 
your  sides  in  the  angles,  it 's  wider  there,  and  go 
up  just  that  way."     [Here  he  threw  himself  into 
position— placing  one  arm  close  to  his  side,  with 
the  palm   of  the   hand   turned   outwards,  as  if 
pressing  the  side  of  the  flue,  and  extending  the 
other  arm  high  above  his  head,  the  hand  appa- 
rently pressing  in  the  same  manner.]     "  There," 
he  continued,    "that's   slantin'.      You  just  put 
yourself  in   that  way,  and   see  how  small  you 
make  yourself.     I  niver  got  to  say  stuck  myself, 
but  a  many  of  them  did ;  yes,  and  were  taken 
out  dead.     They  were  smothered  for  want  of  air, 
and  the  fright,  and  a  stayin'  so  long  in  the  flue; 
you  see  the  waistband  of  their  trowsers  sometimes 
got  turned  down  in  the  climbing,  and  in  narrow 
flues,  when  not  able  to  get  it  up,  then  they  stuck. 
I   had  a  boy  once — we  Avere  called  to  sweep  a 
chimney  down  at  Poplar.     When  we  went  in  he 
looked  up  the  flues,  'Well,  Avhat  is  it  like]'  I 
said.     '  Very  narrow,'   says  he,   '  don't  think  I 
can  get  up  there;'  so  after  some  time  we  gets  on 
top  of  the  house,  and  takes  ofl  the  chimuey-pot, 
and  has  a  look  down — it  was  wider  a'  top,  and  I 
thought  as  how  he  could  go  down.     '  You  had 
better  buff  it,  Jim,'  says  I.     I  suppose  you  know 
what  that  means ;    but  Jim  wouldn't  do  it,  and 
kept  his  trowsers  on.     So  down  he  goes,  and 
gets  on  very  well  till  he  comes  to  the  shoulder  of 
the  flue,  and  then  he  couldn't  stir.     He  shouts 
down,  *  I  'm  stuck.'     I  shouts  up  and  tells  him 
Avhat  to  do.     '  Can't  move,'  says  he,  '  I  'm  stuck 
hard  and  fast.'     Well,  the  people  of  the  house  got 
fretted  like,  but  I  says  to  them,  '  Now  my  boy's 
stuck,  but  for  Heaven's  sake  don't  make  a  word 
of  noise;  don't  say  a  word,  good  or  bad,  and  I'll 


LONDOIf  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


369 


^ee  what  I  can  do.'  So  I  locks  the  door,  and 
buff^  it,  and  forces  niTd«lf  up  till  I  could  reach 
hi;n  with  my  hand,  and  as  soon  as  he  got  his 
foot  on  mr  hand  he  begins  to  prize  himself  up,  and 
gets  loosened,  and  comes  out  at  the  top  again. 
I  was  stack  myself,  but  I  was  stronger  nor  he, 
a:id  I  manages  to  get  out  again,  ^ow  I'll  be 
bound  to  say  if  tliere  was  anoiher  master  there 
as  would  kick  up  a  row  and  a-worrited,  that  ere 
bay  'ud  a  niver  come  out  o'  that  ere  flue  alive. 
There  was  a  many  o'  them  lost  their  lives  in  that 
way.  Most  all  the  printices  used  to  come  from  the 
'  House'  (workhouse.)  There  was  nobody  to  care 
for  tbeni,  and  some  masters  used  them  very  bad.  I 
was  out  of  my  time  at  fourteen,  and  began  to  get 
too  stout  to  go  up  the  tlu!?s;  so  after  knockin' 
about  for  a  year  or  so,  as  I  could  do  nothiuk  else, 
I  goes  to  sea  on  board  a  nian-o'-war,  and  was 
away  four  year.  Many  of  the  boys,  when  they 
got  too  big  and  useless,  used  to  go  to  sea  in  them 
days — they  couldn't  do  nothiuk  else.  Yes,  many 
of  them  went  for  sodgers ;  and  I  know  some 
who  went  for  Gipsies,  and  others  who  went  for 
play-actors,  and  a  many  who  got  on  to  be  swell- 
mobsiiien,  and  thieves,  and  housebreakers,  and 
the  like  o'  that  ere.  There  ain't  nothink  o'  that 
sort  a-goin'  on  now  since  the  Ack  of  Parliament. 
^Vhen  I  got  b.ick  from  sea  father  asked  me  to 
l;irn  his  business;  so  I  takes  to  the  silk- weaving 
and  lamed  it,  and  then  married  a  weaveress,  and 
worked  with  father  for  a  long  time.  Father  was 
very  well  off — well  off  and  comfortable  for  a 
poor  man— but  trade  was  good  then.  But  it  got 
bad  afterwards,  and  none  on  us  was  able  to  live 
at  it;  to  I  takes  to  tke  chimne}- -sweeping  again. 
A  MOM  M*^  mamage  to  live  some/u>w  at  Vie 
iieeeping,  but  the  veaving  wo*  o  no  me.  It 
was  the  furrin  silks  as  beat  us  all  up,  that 's  the 
whole  truth.  Yet  they  tells  us  as  how  they  was 
ar4oin'  the  country  good ;  but  they  may  tell  that 
to  the  marines' — the  sailors  won't  believe  it — not 
a  word  on  it  I  've  stuck  to  the  sweeping  ever 
since,  and  sometimes  done  verj'  fair  at  it ;  but 
since  the  Ack  there  's  so  many  leeks  come  to  it 
that  I  don't  know  how  they  live — they  must  be 
eatin'  one  another  up. 

"  Well,  since  you  ask  then,  I  can  tell  you  that 
our  people  don't  care  much  about  law;  they 
don't  understand  anythink  about  politics  much  ; 
they  don't  mind  things  o'  that  ere  kind.  They 
only  uiinds  to  get  drunk  when  they  caii. 
Some  on  them  fellows  as  you  seed  in  there 
niver  cleans  tbeirselves  from  one  year's  end  to 
the  other.  They  'II  kick  up  a  row  soon  enoogh, 
with  ChartiM  or  anybody  die.  I  thinks  them 
Chartista  are  s  weak-minded  set;  they  was 
too  moch  a  frightened  at  nothink, — a  hundred  o' 
tkcm  would  mn  away  from  one  blue-coat,  and 
tlttt  wasn't  like  men.  1  was  often  at  Chartist 
meetings,  and  if  they'd  only  do  all  they  said 
there  was  a  plenty  to  stick  to  them,  for  tbare's  a 
■onethink  wants  to  be  done  rery  bad,  for  every- 
thank  is  a-geuin'  worser  and  worser  every  d*y. 
I  u«ed  to  do  a  good  trade,  but  now  I  don't  yam  a 
shilling  a  day  all  through  the  year  <?(.  I  mty  walk 
at  this  time  three  or  £»ur  miles  and  not  get  a 


i  chimney  to  sweep,  and  then  get  only  a  sixpence 
I  or  threepence,    and    sometimes  nothink.     it 's  a 
i  starvin",    that 's    what    it    is ;    there 's    so  much 
j  *  querying '  a-goin'  on.     Querying  1    that 's  what 
!  we  calls  under- working*.      If  they'd   all  fix  a 
j  riglar  price   we  might  do  very  well  still.     I  'm 
j  50  years  of  age,  or  thereabouts.     I  don't  know 
■  much  about  the  story  of  Mrs.  Montague ;  it  was 
afore  my  time.  I  heard  of  it  though.  I  beard  my 
I  mother  talk  about  it ;  she  used  to  read  it  out  of 
j  books ;    she  was  a    great  reader — none    on   'em 
\  could  stand  afore  her  for  that.     I  was  often  at  the 
dinner— the   masters'  dinner — that    was  for    the 
boys ;  but  that 's  all  done  away  long  ago,   since 
the  Ack  of  Parliament.     I  can't  tell  how  many 
there  was  at  it,  but  there 's  such  a  lot  it 's  impos- 
sible to    tell.     How  could  any  one   tell   all   the 
sweeps  as  is  in  London  ]     I  'ra  sure  I  can't,  and 
I  'm  sure  nobody  else  can." 

Some  years  back  the  sAveepers'  houses  were 
often  indicated  by  an  elaborate  sign,  highly 
coloured.  A  sweeper,  accompanied  by  a  "  chum- 
my"' (once  a  common  name  for  the  climbing- 
boy,  being  a  corruption  of  chimney),  was  de- 
picted on  his  way  to  a  red  brick  house,  from 
the  chimneys  of  which  bright  yellow  flames  were 
streaming.  Below  was  the  detail  of  the  things 
undertaken  by  the  sweep,  such  as  the  ex- 
tinction of  fires  in  chimneys,  the  cleaning  of 
smoke-jacks,  &c.,  &c.  A  few  of  these  signs, 
greatly  faded,  may  be  seen  still.  A  sweeper,  who 
is  settled  in  what  is  accounted  a  "  genteel  neigh- 
bourhood," has  now  another  way  of  making  his 
calling  known.  He  leaves  a  card  whenever  he 
hear.s  of  a  new  comer,  a  tape  being  attached,  so 
that  it  can  be  hung  up  in  the  kitchen,  and  thus 
the  servants  are  always  in  possession  of  his 
address.  The  following  is  a  customary  style  : — 
"  Chimneys  swept  by  the  improved  machine, 
i  much  patronized  by  the  Humane  Society. 

"  W.  H.,  Chimney  Sweeper  and  Nightman, 
1,  Mews,  in  returning  thanks  to  the  inha- 
bitants of  the  surrounding  neighbourhood  for  the 
patronage  he  has  hitherto  received,  begs  to  in- 
form them  that  he  sweeps  all  kinds  of  chimneys 
and  flues  in  the  best  manner, 

"  W.  H.,  attending  to  the  business  himself, 
cleans  smoke-jacks,  cures  smoky  coppers,  and  ex- 
tinguishes chimneys  when  on  fire,  with  the 
greatest  care  and  safety  ;  and,  by  giving  the 
strictest  personal  attendance  to  business,  performs 
what  he  undertakes  with  cleiinliness  and  punc- 
tuality, whereby  he  hopes  to  ensure  a  continuance 
of  their  favours  and  recommendations. 

"  Clean  cloths  for  upper  apartments.  Soot- 
doors  to   any   size  fixed.     Observe  the  address, 

1, Mews,  near ." 

At  the  top  of  this  card  is  an  engraving  of  the 
machine  ;  at  the  foot  a  rude  sketch  of  a  night- 
man's cart,  with  men  at  work.  All  the  cards  I 
saw  reiieraU'd  the  address,  so  that  no  mistake 
might  lead  the  cusurmer  to  a  rival  tradesman. 
Am  to  Uieir  polilict,  the  sweepers  are  somewhat 

*  Qucryinft  means  literally  inquiring  or  asking  for 
work  at  the  difTcrent  houses.  The  "  queriers  "  among 
tbe  sweeps  are  a  kiad  of  pedlaf  operatives. 


370 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


similar  to  the  dustmen  and  costermongers.  A 
fixed  hatred  to  all  constituted  authority,  which 
they  appear  to  regard  as  the  police  and  the  "beaks," 
seems  to  be  the  sura  total  of  their  principles. 
Indeed,  it  almost  assumes  the  character  of  a  fixed 
law,  that  persons  and  classes  of  persons  who  are 
themselves  disorderly,  and  to  a  certain  extent 
lawless,  always  manifest  the  most  supreme  con- 
tempt for  the  conservators  of  law  and  order  in 
every  degree.  The  police  are  therefore  hated 
heartily,  magistrates  are  feared  and  abominated, 
and  Queen,  Lords,  and  Commons,  and  every  one 
in  authority,  if  known  anything  about,  are  con- 
sidered as  natural  enemies.  A  costermonger  who 
happened  to  be  present  while  I  was  making  in- 
quiries on  this  subject,  broke  in  with  this  remark, 
"  The  costers  is  the  chaps — the  government  can't 
do  nothink  with  them — they  alius  licks  the  govern- 
ment." The  sweepers  have  a  sovereign  contempt 
for  all  Acts  of  Parliament,  because  the  only  Act  that 
had  any  reference  to  themselves  "  threw  open,"  as 
they  call  it,  their  business  to  all  who  were  needy 
enough  and  who  had  the  capability  of  availing 
themselves  of  it.  Like  the  "dusties"  they  are, 
I  am  informed,  in  their  proper  element  in  times 
of  riot  and  confusion ;  but,  unlike  thera,  they  are, 
to  a  man,  Chartists,  understanding  it  too,  and 
approving  of  it,  not  because  it  would  be  calculated 
to  establish  a  new  order  of  things,  but  in  the 
hope  that,  in  the  transition  from  one  system  to 
the  other,  there  might  be  plenty  of  noise  and  riot, 
and  in  the  vague  idea  that  in  some  indefinable 
manner  good  must  necessarily  accrue  to  them- 
selves from  any  change  that  might  take  place. 
This  I  believe  to  be  in  perfect  keeping  with  the 
sentiments  of  similar  classes  of  people  in  every 
country  in  the  world. 

The  journeymen  lay  by  no  money  when  in 
work,  as  a  fund  to  keep  thera  when  incapacitated 
by  sickness,  accident,  or  old  age.  There  are, 
however,  a  few  exceptions  to  the  general  impro- 
vidence of  the  class ;  some  few  belong  to  sick  and 
benefit  societies,  others  are  members  of  burial 
clubs,  "Where,  however,  this  is  not  the  case,  and 
a  sweeper  becomes  unable,  through  illness,  to  con- 
tinue his  work,  the  mode  usually  adopted  is  to 
make  a  raffle  for  the  benefit  of  the  sufferer ; 
the  same  means  are  resorted  to  at  the  death  of  a 
member  of  the  trade.  When  a  chimney-sweeper 
becomes  infirm  through  age,  he  has  mostly,  if  not 
invariably,  no  refuge  but  the  workhouse. 

Tlie  chimney-svjeepers  generally  are  regardless 
of  the  marriage  cereviony,  and  when  they  do 
live  with  a  woman  it  is  in  a  state  of  concubinage. 
These  women  are  always  among  the  lowest  of  the 
street-girls — such  as  lucifer-match  and  orange  girls, 
some  of  the  very  poorest  of  the  coster  girls,  and 
girls  brought  up  among  the  sweepers.  They 
are  treated  badly  by  them,  and  often  enough  left 
without  any  remorse.  The  women  are  equally  as 
careless  in  these  matters  as  the  men,  and  exchange 
one  paramour  for  another  with  the  same  levity, 
80  that  there  is  a  promiscuous  intercourse  con- 
tinually going  on  among  them.  I  am  informed 
that,  among  the  worst  class  of  sweepers  living 
with  women,  not  one  in  50  is  married.     To  these 


couples  very  few  children  are  bom ;  but  I  am  not 
able  to  state  the  proportion  as  compared  with 
other  classes. 

Tliere  are  some  curious  customs  among  tJce 
London  sweepers  which  deserve  notice.  Their  May- 
day festival  is  among  the  best  known.  The  most 
intelligent  of  the  masters  tell  me  that  they 
have  taken  this  "  from  the  milkmen's  garland  "  (of 
which  an  engraving  has  been  given).  Formerly,  say 
they,  on  the  first  of  May  the  milkmen  of  London 
went  through  the  streets,  performing  a  sort  of 
dance,  for  which  they  received  gratuities  from 
their  customers.  The  music  to  which  they 
danced  was  simply  brass  plates  mounted  on  poles, 
from  the  circumference  of  which  plates  depended 
numerous  bells  of  different  tones,  according  to 
size  ;  these  poles  were  adorned  with  leaves  and 
flowers,  indicative  of  the  season,  and  may  have 
been  a  relic  of  one  of  the  ancient  pageants  or 
mummeries. 

The  sweepers,  however,  by  adapting  themselves 
more  to  the  rude  taste  of  the  people,  appear  to 
have  completely  supplanted  the  milkmen,  who  are 
now  never  seen  in  pageantry.  In  Strutt's  "  Sports 
and  Pastimes  of  the  People  of  England,"  I  find 
the  following  with  reference  to  the  milk-people : — 

"  It  is  at  this  time,"  that  is  in  May,  says  the 
author  of  one  of  the  papers  in  the  Spectator,  "  we 
see  brisk  young  wenches  in  the  country  parishes 
dancing  round  the  Maypole.  It  is  likewise  on 
the  first  day  of  this  month  that  we  see  the  ruddy 
milkmaid  exerting  herself  in  a  most  sprightly 
manner  under  a  pyramid  of  silver  tankards,  and, 
like  the  Virgin  Tarpeia,  oppressed  by  the  costly 
ornaments  which  her  benefactors  lay  upon  her. 
These  decorations  of  silver  cups,  tankards,  and 
salvers,  were  borrowed  for  the  purpose,  and  hung 
round  the  milk-pails,  with  the  addition  of  flowers 
and  ribands,  which  the  maidens  carried  upon  their 
heads  Avhen  they  went  to  the  houses  of  their  cus- 
tomers, and  danced  in  order  to  obtain  a  small 
gratuity  from  each  of  them.  In  a  set  of  prints, 
called  '  Tempest's  Cries  of  London,'  there  is  one 
called  the  '  Merry  Milkmaid,'  whose  proper  name 
was  Kate  Smith.  She  is  dancing  with  the  milk- 
pail,  decorated  as  above  mentioned,  upon  her 
head.  Of  late  years  the  plate,  with  the  other 
decorations,  were  placed  in  a  pyraraidical  form, 
and  carried  by  two  chairmen  upon  a  wooden 
horse.  The  maidens  walked  before  it,  and  per- 
formed the  dance  without  any  incumbrance.  I 
really  cannot  discover  what  analogy  the  silver 
tankards  and  salvers  can  have  to  the  business  of 
the  milkmaids.  I  have  seen  them  act  with  much 
more  propriety  upon  this  occasion,  when,  in  place 
of  these  superfluous  ornaments,  they  substituted  a 
cow.  The  animal  had  her  horns  gilt,  and  was 
nearly  covered  with  ribands  of  various  colours 
formed  into  bows  and  roses,  and  interspersed  with 
green  oaken  leaves  and  bunches  of  flowers." 

With  reference  to  the  May-day  festival  of  the 
sweepers  the  same  author  says  : — "  The  chimney- 
sweepers of  London  have  also  singled  out  the 
first  of  May  for  their  festival,  at  which  time  they 
parade  the  streets  in  companies,  disguised  in 
various  manners.     Their  dresses  are  usually  deco- 


THE    RAT-CATCHERS     OF    THE     SEWERS. 

IFrom  a  Dtiffuetrmtype  by  Draro.1 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


371 


...u^   v.iih  gilt  paper  and  other  mock   fineries;  i 
they   hiive   their   shovels   and    brushes    in    their  i 
hands,  which  they  rattle  one  upon  the  other  ;  and  ! 
to  this  rough  music  they  jump  about  in  imitation  , 
ot  dancing.     Some  of  the  larger  companies  have  ; 
a  tiddler  vnth  them,  and  a  Jack  in  the  Green,  as  , 
well  as  a  Lord  and  Lady  of  the  May,  who  follow  : 
the  minstrel  with  great  stateliness,  and  dance  as  j 
occasion  requires.     The  Jack  in  the   Green   is  a  I 
piece  of  pageantry  consisting  of  a  hollow  frame  of  j 
■wood   or  wicker-work,   made  in    the  form   of   a  • 
sugar-loaf,  but  open  at  the  bottom,  and  sufficiently  i 
large  and  high  to  receive  a  man.     The  frame  is 
corered  with  green  leaves  and  bunches  of  flowers,  | 
interwoven    with   each  other,    so  that  the  man 
within  may  be  completely  concealed,  who  dances 
with    his    companions;    and    the    populace   are  | 
mightily  pleased  with   the  oddity  of  the  moving 
pyramid." 

Since  the  date  of  the  above,  the  sweepers 
have  greatly  improved  en  their  pageant,  substi- 
tuting for  the  fiddle  the  more  noisy  and  appro- 
priate music  of  the  street-showman's  drum  and 
pipes,  and  adding  to  their  party  several  diminu- 
tive imps,  no  doubt  as  representatives  of  the 
climbing-boys,  clothed  in  caps,  jackets,  and 
trowsers,  thickly  covered  with  party-coloured 
shreds.  These  still  make  a  show  of  rattling 
their  shovels  and  brushes,  but  the  clatter  is  un- 
heard alongside  the  thunders  of  the  drum.  In 
this  manner  they  go  through  the  various  streets 
for  three  days,  obtaining  money  at  various  places, 
and  on  the  third  night  hold  a  feast  at  one  of 
their  iavoorite  public-houses,  where  all  the  sooty 
tribes  resort,  and,  in  company  with  their  wives  or 
girls,  keep  up  their  festivity  till  the  next  morning. 
I  find  that  this  festival  is  beginning  to  disappear 
in  many  parts  of  London,  but  it  still  holds  its 
ground,  and  is  as  highly  enjoyed  as  ever,  in  all  the 
eastern  localities  of  the  metropolis. 

It  is  but  seldom  that"  any  of  the  large  masters 
^  out  on  May -day  ;  this  custom  is  generally  con-  | 
fined  to  the  htile  masters  and  their  men.  The  | 
time  usually  spent  on  these  occasions  is  four 
days,  during  which  as  much  as  from  21.  to  4/.  a 
day  is  collected  ;  the  sums  obtained  on  the  three 
fifft  days  are  divided  according  to  the  several 
kinds  of  work  performed.  But  the  proceeds  of  the 
fourth  day  are  devoted  to  a  supper.  The  average 
guns  of  the  several  performers  on  these  occasions 
•re  as  follows  : — 

My  lady,  who  acta  as  Columbine, 
and  reeetrea  .  .2*.  perday. 

My  lord,  who  is  often  the  master 
himself,  but  usually  one  of  the 
journeymen    .  .  Zt.      „ 

Clown 3«.      „ 

Drummer ^*-      t, 

Jack  in  the  green,  who  is  often  an 
indiridoal  acquaintance,  and 
docs  not  belong  to  the  trade     .  8s.      „ 

And  the  boys,  who  h.ive  no  term 
term  applied  to  them,  receive 
from     .  .  1#.  to  U.  dd.    „ 

Tha  ahare  accruing  to  the  boyt-  w  often  spent 


in  purchasing  some  article  of  clothing  for  them, 
but  the  money  got  by  the  other  individuals  is 
mostly  spent  in  drink. 

The  sweepers,  however,  not  only  go  out  on 
May-day,  but  likewise  on  the  5th  of  November, 
On  the  last  Guy-Fawkes  day,  1  am  informed, 
some  of  them  received  not  only  pence  from  the 
public,  but  silver  and  gold.  "  It  was  quite  a 
harvest,"  they  say.  One  of  this  class,  who  got 
up  a  gigantic  Guy  Fawkes  and  figure  of  the 
Pope  on  the  5th  of  November,  1850,  cleared,  I  am 
informed,  10/.  over  and  above  all  expenses. 

For  many  years,  also,  the  sweepers  were  in  the 
habit  of  partaking  of  a  public  dinner  on  the  Ist 
of  May,  provided  for  every  climbing-boy  who 
thought  proper  to  attend,  at  the  expense  of  the 
Hon.  Mrs.  Montagu,  The  romantic  origin  of 
this  custom,  from  jiU  I  could  learn  on  the  subject, 
is  this : — The  lady  referred  to,  at  the  time  a 
widow,  lost  her  son,  then  a  boy  of  tender  years; 
Inquiries  were  set  on  foot,  and  all  London  heard 
of  the  mysterious  disappearance  of  the  child,  but 
no  clue  could  be  found  to  trace  him  out.  It  was 
supposed  that  he  was  kidnapped,  and  the  search 
at  length  was  given  up  in  despair.  A  long  time 
afterwai-ds  a  sweeper  was  employed  to  cleanse  the 
chimneys  of  Mrs.  Montagu's  house,  by  Portman- 
square,  and  for  this  purpose,  as  was  usual  at  the 
time,  sent  a  climbing-boy  up  the  chimney,  who 
from  that  moment  was  lost  to  him.  The  child 
did  not  return  the  way  he  went  up,  but  it  is  sup- 
posed that  in  his  descent  he  got  into  a  wrong  flue, 
and  found  himself,  on  getting  out  of  the  chimney, 
in  one  of  the  bedrooms.  Wearied  with  his  labour, 
it  is  said  that  he  mechanically  crept  between  the 
sheets,  all  black  and  sooty  as  he  was.  In  this  state 
he  was  found  fast  asleep  by  the  housekeeper.  The 
delicacy  of  his  features  and  the  soft  tones  of  his 
voice  interested  the  woman.  She  acquainted  the 
family  with  the  strange  circumstiince,  and,  when 
introduced  to  them  with  a  clean  face,  his  voice  and 
appearance  reminded  them  of  their  lost  child.  It 
may  have  been  that  the  hardships  he  endured  at 
so  early  an  age  had  impaired  his  memory,  for  he 
could  give  no  account  of  himself;  but  it  was 
evident,  from  his  manners  and  from  the  ease 
which  he  exhibited,  that  he  was  no  stranger  to 
such  places,  and  at  length,  it  is  said,  the  Hon. 
Mrs.  Montiigu  recognised  in  him  her  long-lost 
son.  The  identity,  it  was  understood,  was  proved 
beyond  doubt.  He  was  restored  to  his  rank  in 
society,  and  in  order  the  better  to  commemorate 
this  singular  restoration,  and  the  fact  of  his 
having  been  a  climbing-boy,  his  mother  annually 
provided  an  entertainment  on  the  1st  of  May,  at 
White  Conduit  House,  for  all  the  climbing-boys 
of  London  who  thought  proper  to  partake  of  it. 
This  annual  feast  was  kept  up  during  the  lifetime 
of  the  lady,  and,  as  might  be  expected,  waa 
numerously  attended,  for  since  there  were  no  ques- 
tion asked  and  no  document  required  to  prove  any 
of  the  guests  to  be  climbing-boys,  very  many  of 
the  precocious  urchins  of  the  metropolis  used  to 
blacken  their  iJEices  for  this  special  occasion. 
This  annual  feast  coutinue>.l,  as  I  have  siiid,  as 
long  as  the  lady  lived.      Uer  aon  contintied  it 


372 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


only  for  three  or  four  years  afterwards,  and  then, 
I  am  told,  left  the  country,  and  paid  no  further 
attention  to  the  matter. 

Of  the  story  of  the  young  Montagu,  Charles 
Lamb  has  given  the  following  account : — 

'•  In  one  of  the  state-beds  at  Arundel  Castle, 
a  iew  years  since — under  a  ducal  canopy  (that 
seat  of  the  Howards  is  an  object  of  curiosity  to 
visitors,  chiefly  for  its  beds,  in  which  the  late 
duke  was  especially  a  connoisseur) — encircled 
with  curtains  of  delicatest  crimson,  with  starry 
coronets  interwoven — folded  between  a  pair  of 
sheets  whiter  and  softer  than  the  lap  where  Venus 
lulled  Ascanius — was  discovered  by  chance,  after 
all  methods  of  search  had  failed,  at  noon-day, 
fast  asleep,  a  lost  chimney-sweeper.  The  little 
creature  having  somehow  confounded  his  passage 
among  the  intricacies  of  those  lordly  chimneys, 
by  some  unknown  aperture  had  alighted  upon 
this  magnificent  chamber,  and,  tired  with  his 
tedious  explorations,  was  unable  to  resist  the 
delicious  invitement  to  repose,  which  he  there  saw 
exhibited  ;  so,  creeping  between  the  sheets  very 
quietly,  he  laid  his  black  head  on  the  pillow  and 
slept  like  a  young  Howard."  .  ..."  A  high 
instinct,"  adds  Lamb,  "  was  at  work  in  the  case, 
or  I  am  greatly  mistaken.  Is  it  probable  that  a 
poor  child  of  that  description,  with  whatever 
weariness  he  might  be  visited,  would  have  ven- 
tured under  such  a  penalty  as  he  would  be  taught 
to  expect,  to  uncover  the  sheets  of  a  duke's  bed, 
and  deliberately  to  lay  himself  down  between 
them,  when  the  rug  or  the  carpet  presented  an 
obvious  couch  still  far  above  his  pretensions,? — is 
this  probable,  I  would  ask,  if  the  great  power  of 
nature,  which  I  contend  for,  had  not  been  mani- 
fested within  him,  prompting  to  the  adventure  1 
Doubtless,  this  young  nobleman  (for  such  my 
mind  misgives  me  he  must  be)  was  allured  by 
some]  memory  not  amounting  to  full  conscious- 
ness of  his  condition  in  infancy,  when  he  was 
used  to  be  lapt  by  his  mother  or  his  nurse  in 
just  such  sheets  as  he  there  found,  into  which  he 
was  now  but  creeping  back  as  into  his  proper 
incubation  (incunabula)  and  resting  place.  By 
no  other  theory  than  by  his  sentiment  of  a  pre- 
existent  state  (as  I  may  call  it)  can  I  explain  a 
deed  so  venturous." 

There  is  a  strong  strain  of  romance  throughout 
the  stories  of  the  lost  and  found  young  Montagu. 
I  conversed  with  some  sweepers  on  the  subject.  The 
majority  had  not  so  much  as  heard  of  the  occur- 
rence, but  two  who  had  heard  of  it — both  climb- 
ing-boys in  their  childhood — had  heard  that  the 
little  fellow  was  found  in  his  mother's  house.  In 
a  small  work,  the  "  Chimney-Sweepers'  Friend," 
got  up  in  aid  of  the  Society  for  the  Supersedence 
of  Climbing  Boys,  by  some  benevolent  Quaker 
ladies  and  others  (the  Quakers  having  been 
among  the  warmest  supporters  of  the  suppression 
of  climbers), and  ''arranged  "  (the  word  "edited" 
not  being  used)  by  J.  Montgomery,  the  case  of 
the  little  Montagu  is  not  mentioned,  excepting  in 
two  or  three  vague  poetical  allusions. 

The  account  given  by  Lamb  (although  pro- 
nounced apocryphal  by  some)  appears  to   be  the 


more  probable  version ;  and  to  the  minds  of  many 
is  shown  to  be  conclusively  authentic,  as  I  under- 
stand that,  when  Arundel  Castle  is  shown  to 
visitors,  the  bed  in  which  the  child  was  found  is 
pointed  out ;  nor  is  it  likely  that  in  such  a  place 
the  story  of  the  ducal  bed  and  the  little  climbing- 
boy  would  be  invented. 

The  following  account  was  given  by  the  wife 
of  a  respectable  man  (now  a  middle-aged  woman) 
and  she  had  often  heard  it  from  her  mother,  who 
passed  a  long  life  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Mrs. 
Montagu's  residence  : — 

"  Lady  M.  had  a  son  of  tender  years,  who  was 
supposed  to  have  been  stolen  for  the  sake  of  his 
clothes.  Some  time  after,  there  was  an  occasion 
when  the  sweeps  were  necessary  at  Montagu 
House.  A  servant  noticed  one  of  the  boys,  being 
at  first  attracted  by  his  superior  manner,  and  her 
curiosity  being  excited  fancied  a  resemblance  in 
him  to  the  lost  child.  She  questioned  his  master 
respecting  him,  who  represented  that  he  had  found 
him  crying  and  without  a  home,  and  thereupon 
took  him  in,  and  brought  him  up  to  his  trade. 
The  boy  was  questioned  apart  from  his  master,  as 
to  the  treatment  he  received;  his  answers  were 
favourable  ;  and  the  consequence  was,  a  compensa- 
tion was  given  to  the  man,  and  the  boy  was  re- 
tained. All  doubt  was  removed  as  to  his  identity." 

The  annual  feast  at  "  White  Condick,"  so 
agreeable  to  the  black  fraternity,  was  afterwards 
continued  in  another  form,  and  was  the  origin 
of  a  well-known  society  among  the  master 
sweepers,  which  continued  in  existence  till  the 
abolition  of  the  climbing-boys  by  Act  of  Parlia- 
ment. The  masters  and  the  better  class  of  men 
paid  a  certain  sum  yearly,  for  the  purpose  of  binding 
the  children  of  the  contributors  to  other  trades.  In 
order  to  increase  the  funds  of  this  institution,  as 
the  dinner  to  the  boys  at  White  Conduit  House 
was  an  established  thing,  the  masters  continued  it, 
and  I  the  boys  of  every  master  who  belonged  to 
the  society  went  in  a  sort  of  state  to  the  usual 
place  of  entertainment  every  1st  of  May,  where 
they  were  regaled  as  ''  formerly.  Many  persons 
were  in  the  habit  of  flocking  on  this  day  to 
White  Conduit  House  to  witness  the  festivities  of 
the  sweepers  on  this  occasion,  and  usually  contri- 
buted something  towards  the  societ)'.  As 
soon,  however,  as  the  Act  passed,  this  also  was 
discontinued,  and  it  is  now  one  of  the  legends 
connected  with  the  class. 

Sweeping  of  the  Chimneys  of  Steam-Vessels. 

The  sweeping  of  the  flues  in  the  boilers  of  steam- 
boats, in  the  Port  of  London,  and  also  of  land 
boilers  in  manufactories,  is  altogether  a  distinct 
process,  as  the  machine  cannot  be  used  until  such 
time  as  the  parties  who  are  engaged  in  this  busi- 
ness travel  a  long  way  through  the  flues,  and 
reach  the  lower  part  of  the  chimney  or  funnel 
where  it  communicates  with  the  boilers  and  re- 
ceives the  smoke  in  its  passage  to  the  upper  air. 
The  boilers  in  the  large  sea-going  steamers  are 
of  curious  construction;  in  some  large  steamers 
there  are  four  separate  boilers  with  three  furnaces 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


373 


in  each,  the  flues  of  each  boiler  uniting  in  one 
beneath  the  funnel ;  immediately  beyond  the  end 
of  the  furnace,  which  is  marked  by  a  little  wall 
constructed  of  firebrick  to  prevent  the  coals  and 
fire  from  running  off  the  'firebars,  there  is  a  large 
open  space  very  high  and  wide,  and  which  space 
after  a  month's  steaming  is  generally  filled  up  with 
■oot,  somewhat  resembling  a  snow  drift  collected 
in  a  hollow,  were  it  not  for  its  colour  and  the 
fact  that  it  is  sometimes  in  a  state  of  ignition ;  it 
is,  at  times,  so  deep,  that  a  man  sinks  to  his  middle 
in  it  the  moment  he  steps  across  the  firebridge. 
Above  his  head,  and  immediately  over  the  end  of 
the  furnace,  he  may  perceive  an  opening  in  what 
otherwise  would  appear  to  be^a  solid  mass  of  iron ; 
up  to  this  opening,  which  resembles  a  doorway, 
the  sweeper  must  clamber  the  best  way  he  can, 
and  when  he  succeeds  in  this  he  finds  himself  in  a 
narrow  passage  completely  dark,  but  with  so  strong 
a  current  of  air  rushing  through  it  from  the  fur- 
naces beneath  towards  the  funnel  overhead  that  it 
is  with  difficulty  the  wick  lamp  which  he  carries 
in  his  hand  can  be  kept  burning.  This  passage, 
between  the  l^iron  walls  on  either  side,  is  lofty 
enough  for  a  tall  man  to  stand  upright  in,  but 
does  not  seem  at  first  of  any  great  extent;  aa  he 
goes  on,  however,  to  what  appears  the  end,  he 
finds  out  his  mistake,  by  coming  to  a  sharp  turn 
which  conducts  him  back  again  towards  the  open 
space  in  the  centre  of  the  boiler,  but  which  is  now 
hid  from  him  by  the  hollow  iron  walls  which  on 
every  side  surround  him,  and  within  which  the 
waters  boil  and  seethe  as  the  living  flames  issuing 
from  the  furnaces  rush  and  roar  through  these 
winding  passages;  another  sharp  turn  leads  back 
to  the  front  of  the  boilers,  and  so  on  for  seven  or 
eight  turns,  backwards  and  forwards,  like  the 
windings  in  a  maze,  till  at  the  last  turn  a  light 
suddenly  breaks  upon  him,  and,  looking  up,  he 
perceives  the  hollow  tube  of  the  funnel,  black  and 
ragged  with  the  adhering  soot. 

Here,  then,  the  labour  of  the  sweeper  com- 
mences :  he  is  armed  with  a  brush  and  shovel,  and 
laying  down  his  lamp  in  a  space  from  which  he 
has  previously  shovelled  away  the  soot,  which  in 
many  parts  of  the  passage  is  knee  deep,  he 
brushes  down  the  soot  from  the  sides  and  roof 
of  the  passage,  which  being  done  he  'shovels  it 
before  him  into  the  next  winding;  this  process  he 
repeats  till  he  reaches,  by  degrees,  the  opening 
where  he  ascended.  Whenever  the  accumulation  of 
soot  is  so  great  that  it  is  likely  to  block  up  the 
passage  in  the  progress  of  his  work,  he  wades 
through  and  shovels  as  much  as  he  thinks  neces- 
sary out  of  the  opening  into  the  large  space  behind 
the  furnaces,  then  resumes  bis  work,  brushing  and 
shovelling  by  turns,  till  the  flues  are  cleared ;  when 
this  is  accomplished,  he  descends,  and  the  fire 
bars  being  previously  removed,  he  shovels  the  soot, 
now  all  collected  together,  over  the  firebridge  and 
into  the  ashpit  of  the  furnxice ;  other  persons  stand 
ready  in  the  stoke-hole  armed  with  long  iron  rakes, 
with  which  they  drag  out  the  soot  from  the  ash- 
pits ;  and  others  shovel  it  into  sacks,  which  they 
make  fiut  to  tackle  secured  to  the  upper  deck,  by 
which  they  "bowse"  it  up  out  of  the  engine-room, 


and  either  discharge  it  overboard  or  put  it  into  boats 
preparatory  to  being  taken  ashore.  In  this  man- 
ner an  immense  quantity  of  soot  is  removed  from 
the  boilers  of  a  large  foreign-going  steamer  when 
she  gets  into  port,  after  a  month  or  six  weeks' 
steaming,  having  burned  in  that  time  perhaps  700 
or  800  tons  of  coal :  this  work  is  always  performed 
by  the  stokers  and  coal-trimmers  in  the  foreign 
ports,  who  seldom,  if  ever,  get  anything  extra 
for  it,  although  it  is  no  uncommon  thing  for  some 
of  them  to  be  ill  for  a  week  after  it. 

In  the  port  of  London,  however,  the  sweeper 
comes  into  requisition,  who,  besides  going  through 
the  process  already  described,  brings  his  machine 
with  him,  and  is  thus  enabled  to  cleanse  the 
funnel,  and  to  increase  the  quantity  of  soot.  Some 
of  the  master  sweepers,  who  have  the  cleansing  of 
the  steam-boats  in  the  river,  and  the  sweeping  of 
boiler  flues  are  obliged  to  employ  a  good  many  men, 
and  make  a  great  deal  of  money  by  their  busi- 
ness. The  use  of  anthracite  coals,  however,  and 
some  modern  improvements,  by  which  air  at  a 
certain  temperatiure  is  admitted  to  certain  parts  of 
the  furnace,  have  in  many  instances  greatly  les- 
sened, if  they  have  not  altogether  prevented,  the 
accumulation  of  soot,  by  the  prevention  of  smoke; 
and  it  seems  quite  possible,  from  the  statements 
made  by  many  eminent  scientific  and  practical 
men  who  were  examined  before  a  select  committee 
of  the  House  of  Commons,  presided  over  by 
Mr.  Mackinnon,  in  1843,  that  by  having  properly- 
constructed  stoves,  and  a  sufficient  quantity  of 
pure  air  properly  admitted,  not  only  less  fuel  might 
be  burned,  and  produce  a  greater  amount  of  heat, 
but  soot  would  cease  to  accumulate,  so  that  the 
necessity  for  sweepers  would  be  no  longer  felt, 
and  there  would  be  no  fear  of  fires  from  the  igni- 
tion of  soot  in  the  flues  of  chimneys;  blacks  and 
smoke,  moreover,  would  take  their  departure  toge- 
ther; and  with  them  the  celebrated  London  fog 
might  also,  in  a  great  measure,  disappear. 

The  funnels  of  steamers  are  generally  swept  at 
from  8rf.  to  \s.  6d.  per  funnel.  The  Chelsea 
steamers  are  swept  by  Mr.  AUbrook,  of  Chelsea ; 
the  Continental,  by  Mr.  Hawsey,  of  Rosemary- 
lane  ;  and  the  Irish  and  Scotch  steamers,  by  Mr. 
Tuflf,  who  resides  in  the  East  London  district. 


Op  the  "Ramoneur"  Company. 

The  Patent  Ramoneur  Company  demands,  perhaps, 
a  special  notice.  It  was  formed  between  four  and 
five  years  ago,  and  has  now  four  stations  :  one 
in  Little  Harcourt-street,  Bryanstone-square ;  an- 
other in  New-road,  Sloane-street ;  a  third  in 
Charles-place,  Euston-square ;  and  the  fourth  in 
William-street,  Portland-town. 

"  This  Company  has  been  formed,"  the  pro- 
spectus stated,  "  for  the  purpose  of  cleansing 
chimneys  with  the  Patent  Ramoneur  Machine, 
and  introducing  various  other  improvements  in 
the  business  of  chimney  sweeping.  Chimneys  are 
daily  swept  with  this  machine  where  others  have 
failed." 

The  Company  charge  the  usual  prices,  and  all 


374 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  men  employed  have  been  brought  up  as 
sweepers.  The  patent  machine  is  thus  de- 
scribed : — 

"  The  Patent  Raraoneur  Machine  consists  of 
four  brushes,  forming  a  square  head,  which,  by 
means  of  elastic  springs,  contracts  or  expands, 
according  to  the  space  it  moves  in ;  the  rods 
attached  to  this  head  or  brush  are  supplied  at 
intervals  with  a  universal  spring-joint,  capable  of 
turning  even  a  right  angle,  and  the  whole  is  sur- 
mounted with  a  double  revolving  ball,  having  also 
a  universal  spring-joint,  which  leads  the  brush 
with  certainty  into  every  corner,  cleansing  its 
route  most  perfectly." 

The  recommenilation  held  out  to  the  public  is, 
that  the  patented  chimney-machine  sweeps  cleaner 
than  that  in  general  use,  and  for  the  reasons 
assigned ;  and  that,  being  constructed  with  more 
and  better  springs,  it  is  capable  of  "  turning  even 
a  right  angle,"  which  the  common  machine  often 
leaves  unswept.  This  was  and  is  commonly 
said  of  the  ditference  between  the  cleansing  of  the 
chimney  by  a  climbing-boy  and  that  eflfected  by 
the  present  mechanical  appliances  in  general  use 
—the  boy  was  "  better  round  a  corner." 

The  patent  machines  now  worked  in  London 
are  fifteen  in  number,  and  fifteen  men  are  thus 
employed.  Each  man  receives  as  a  weekly  wage, 
always  in  money,  14s.,  besides  a  suit  of  clothes 
yearly.  The  suit  consists  of  a  jacket,  waistcoat, 
and  trousers,  of  dark-coloured  corduroy ;  also  a 
"  frock  "  or  blouse,  to  wear  when  at  work,  and  a 
cap ;  the  whole  being  worth  from  355.  to  40s. 
This  payment  is  about  equivalent  to  that  re- 
ceived weekly  by  the  journeymen  in  the  regular 
or  honourable  trade;  for  although  higher  in 
nominal  amount  as  a  weekly  remuneration,  the 
Eamoneur  operatives  are  not  allowed  any  per- 
quisites whatever.  The  resident  or  manager  at 
each  station  is  also  a  working  chimney-sweeper 
for  the  Company,  and  at  the  same  rate  as  the 
others,  his  advantage  being  that  he  lives  rent-free. 
At  one  station  which  I  visited,  the  resident  had 
two  comfortable-looking  up-stairs'-rooms  (the 
stations  being  all  in  small  streets),  where  he  and 
his  wife  lived;  while  the  "cellar,"  which  was 
indeed  but  the  ground  floor,  although  somewhat 
lower  than  the  doorstep,  was  devoted  to  business 
purposes,  the  soot  being  stored  there.  It  was 
boarded  off  into  separate  compartments,  one  being 
at  the  time  quite  full  of  soot.  All  seemed  as 
clean  and  orderly  as  possible.  The  rent  of  those 
two  rooms,  unfurnished,  would  not  be  less  than 
4*.  or  5s.  a  week,  so  that  the  resident's  payment 
may  be  put  at  about  50/.  a  year.  The  patent- 
machine  operatives  sweep,  on  an  average,  the  same 
number  of  chimneys  each,  as  a  master  chimney- 
sweeper's men  in  a  good  way  of  business  in  the 
ordinary  trade. 

Of  the  Brisk  and  Slack  Seasons,  and  the 

Casual  Trade  among  the  CHiMHsy- 

Sweepers. 

As  among  the  rubbish-carters  in  the  unskilled, 
and  the  tailors  and  shoemakers  of  the   skilled 


trades,  the  sweepers'  trade  also  has  its  slackness 
and  its  briskness,  and  from  the  same  cause — the 
difference  in  the  seasons.  The  seasons  atfecting 
the  sweepers'  trade  are,  however,  the  natural 
seasons  of  the  year,  the  recurring  summer  and 
winter,  while  the  seasons  influencing  the  employ- 
ment of  West-end  tailors  are  the  arbitrary  seasons 
of  fashion. 

The  chimney-sweepers'  brink  season  is  in  the 
winter,  and  especially  at  what  may  be  in  the 
respective  households  the  periods  of  the  resump- 
tion and  discontinuance  of  sitting-room  fires. 

The  sweepers'  seasons  of  briskness  and  slack- 
ness, indeed,  may  be  said  then  to  be  ruled  by  the 
thermometer,  for  the  temperature  causes  the  in- 
crease or  diminution  of  the  number  of  fires,  and 
consequently  of  the  production  of  soot.  The 
thermometrical  period  for  fires  appears  to  be  from 
October  to  the  following  April,  both  inclusive 
(seven  months),  for  during  that  season  the  tem- 
perature is  below  50^.  I  have  seen  it  stated,  and 
I  believe  it  is  merely  a  statement  of  a  fact,  that 
at  one  time,  and  even  now  in  some  houses,  it  was 
customary  enough  for  what  were  called  "great 
families  "  to  have  a  fixed  day  (generally  Michael- 
mas-day, Sept.  29)  on  which  to  commence  fires  in 
the  sitting-rooms,  and  another  stated  day  (often 
May-day,  May  1)  on  which  to  discontinue  them, 
no  matter  what  might  be  the  mean  temperature, 
whether  too  warm  for  the  enjoyment  of  a  fire,  or 
too  cold  comfortably  to  dispense  with  it.  Some 
wealthy  persons  now,  I  am  told — such  as  call 
themselves  "  economists,"  while  their  servants  and 
dependants  apply  the  epithet  "  mean" — defer  fires 
until  the  temperature  descends  to  42°,  or  from 
November  to  March,  both  inclusive,  a  season  of 
only  five  months. 

As  this  question  of  the  range  of  the  ther- 
mometer evidently  influences  the  seasons,  and 
therefore,  the  casual  labour  of  the  sweepers,  I  will 
give  the  following  interesting  account  of  the 
changing  temperature  of  the  metropolis,  month  by 
month,  the  information  being  derived  from  the 
observations  of  25  years  (1805  to  1830),  by 
Mr.  Luke  Howard.  The  average  temperature 
appears  to  be  : — 

Degrees.  Degrees. 

January  .  .  35-1  July           .  ,  63-1 

February  .  .  38-9  August      .  .  57-1 

March  .  .  42*0  September  .  501 

April  .  .  47-5  October     .  .  42-4 

May  .  .  64-9  November.  .  41'9 

June  .  .  59-6  December .  .  38-3 

London,  I  may  further  state,  is  2.^  degrees 
warmer  than  the  country,  especially  in  winter, 
owing  to  the  shelter  of  buildings  and  the  multi- 
plicity of  the  fires  in  the  houses  and  factories.  In 
the  summer  the  metropolis  is  about  1^  degree 
hotter  than  the  country,  owing  to  want  of  free 
air  in  London,  and  to  a  cause  little  thought  about 
—  the  reverberations  from  narrow  streets.  In 
spring  and  autumn,  however,  the  temperature  of 
both  town  and  country  is  nearly  equal. 

In  London,  moreover,  the  nights  are  11*3 
degrees  colder  than  the  days  ;  in  the  country  they 


LONDOir  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


375 


are  154  degrees  colder.  The  extreme  ranges  of 
tbe  temperature  in  the  day,  in  the  capital,  are  from 
20^^  to  90^.  The  thermometer  has  fallen  below 
zero  in  the  night  time,  but  not  frequently. 

In  London  the  hottest  months  are  28  degrees 
I  warmer  than  the  coldest ;  the  temperature  of 
July,  which  is  the  hottest  month,  being  63"1  ; 
and'  that  of  January,  the  coldest  month,  35*1 
degrees. 

The  month  in  which  there  are  the  greatest 
number  of  extremes  of  heat  and  cold  is  January. 
In  February  and  December  there  are  (generally 
speaking)  only  two  such  extreme  variations,  and 
fiTe  in  July ;  through  the  other  months,  how- 
ever, the  extremes  are  more  diflFused,  and  there  are 
only  two  spring  and  two  autumn  months  (April 
and  June — September  and  November),  which  are 
not  exposed  to  great  differences  of  temperature. 

The  mean  temperature  assumes  a  rate  of  in- 
crease in  the  different  months,  which  may  be 
represented  by  a  curve  nearly  equal  and  parallel 
with  one  representing  the  progress  of  the  sun  in 
declination. 

Hoar-frosts  occur  when  the  thermometer  is 
about  39^,  and  the  dense  yellow  fogs,  so  peculiar 
to  London,  are  the  most  frequent  in  the  months  of 
November,  December,  and  January,  whilst  the 
temperature  ranges  below  40°, 

The  busy  season  in  the  chimney-sweepers'  trade 
commences  at  the  beginning  of  November,  and 
continues  up  to  the  month  of  May ;  during  the 
remainder  of  the  year  the  trade  is  "  slack." 
When  the  slack  season  has  set  in  nearly  100  men 
are  thrown  out  of  employment.  These,  as  well  as 
many  of  the  single-handed  masters,  resort  to  other 
kinds  of  employment.  Some  turn  costermongers, 
others  tinkers,  knife-grinders,  &c.,  and  others 
migrate  to  the  country  and  get  a  job  at  hay- 
making, or  any  other  kind  of  unskilled  labour. 
Even  during  the  brisk  season  there  are  upwards 
of  50  men  out  of  employment ;  some  of  these 
occasionally  contrive  to  get  a  machine  of  their 
own,  and  go  aboat  **  knuUing,"— getting  a  job 
vfhere  they  can. 

Many  of  the  master  sweepers  employ  in  the 
tummer  months  only  two  journeymen,  whereas 
they  require  three  in  the  winter  months;  but  this, 
I  am  informed,  is  not  the  general  average,  and  that 
it  will  be  more  correct  to  compute  it  for  the  whole 
trade,  in  the  proportion  of  two  and  a  half  to  two. 
"We  may,  then,  calculate  that  one-fourth  of  the 
entire  trade  is  displaced  during  the  slack  season. 

This,  then,  may  be  taken  as  the  extent  of  casual 
labour,  with  all  the  sufferings  it  entails  upon  im- 
provident, and  even  upon  careful  working-men. 

A  youth  cnsnally  employed  as  a  sweeper  gave 
tbe  following  accotmt : — "  I  jobs  for  the  sweeps 
•oroetimes,  sir,  as  I  'd  job  for  anybody  else,  and  if 
you  have  any  herrands  to  go,  and  will  send  me, 
I  '11  be  imkimmon  thankful.  I  haven't  no  father 
and  don't  remember  one,  and  mother  might  do 
well  but  for  the  ruin  (gin).  I  calls  it  '  ruin '  oat 
of  spite.  No,  I  don't  care  for  it  myself.  I  like 
beer  ten  to  a  farthing  to  it.  "  She  's  a  ironer, 
sir,  a  stnnning  good  one,  but  I  don't  like  to 
talk  abottt  her,  for  the  might  yam  a  hatful  of 


browns — 3s.  M.  a  day ;  and  when  she  has  pulled 
up  for  a  month  or  more  it 's  stunning  is  the 
difference.  I  'd  rather  not  be  asked  more  about 
that.  Her  great  fault  against  me  is  as  I  won't 
settle,  I  was  one  time  put  to  a  woman's  shoe- 
maker as  worked  for  a  ware'us.  He  was  a 
relation,  and  I  was  to  go  prentice  if  it  suited. 
But  I  couldn't  stand  his  confining  ways,  and  I  'm 
sartain  sure  that  he  onl/  wanted  me  for  some  tin 
mother  said  she  'd  spring  if  all  was  square.  He 
was  bad  off,  and  we  lived  bad,  but  he  always  pre- 
tended he  was  going  to  be  stunning  busy.  So  I 
hooked  it.  I  'd  other  places — a  pot-boy's  was 
one,  but  no  go.     None  suited. 

"  Well,  I  can  keep  myself  now  by  jobbing, 
leastways  I  can  partly,  for  I  have  a  crib  in  a 
comer  of  mother's  room,  and  my  rent 's  nothing, 
and  when  she  's  all  right  /'?/«.  all  right,  and  she 
gets  better  as  I  grows  bigger,  I  think.  Well,  I 
don't  know  what  I  'd  like  to  be  ;  something  like 
a  lamp-lighter,  I  think.  Well,  I  look  out  for 
sweep  jobs  among  others,  and  get  them  sometimes. 
I  don't  know  how  often.  Sometimes  three  morn- 
ings a  week  for  one  week  ;  then  none  for  a  month. 
Can  any  one  live  by  jobbing  that  way  for  the 
sweeps'?  No,  sir,  nor  get  a  quarter  of  a  living; 
but  it 's  a  help.  I  know  some  very  tidy  sweeps 
now.  I  'm  sure  I  don't  know  what  they  are  in 
the  way  of  trade.  0,  yes,  now  you  ask  that,  I 
think  they're  masters,  I've  had  M.  and  half-a- 
pint  of  beer  for  a  morning's  work,  jobbing  like. 
I  carry  soot  for  them,  and  I  'm  lent  a  sort  of 
jacket,  or  a  wrap  about  me,  to  keep  it  off  my 
clothes — though  a  Jew  wouldn't  sometimes  look 
at 'em — and  there's  worser  people  nor  sweeps. 
Sometimes  I  '11  get  only  2d.  or  Zd.  a  day  for 
helping  that  way,  a  carrying  soot.  I  don't  know 
nothing  about  weights  or  bushels,  but  I  know  I  've 
found  it heavy, 

"  The  way,  you  see,  sir,  is  this  here  :  I  meets  a 
sweep  as  knows  me  by  sight,  and  he  says,  '  Come 
along,  Tom  's  not  at  work,  and  I  want  you,  I 
have  to  go  it  harder,  so  you  carry  the  soot  to  our 
place  to  save  my  time,  and  join  me  again  at  No. 
39,'  That's  just  the  ticket  of  it.  Well,  no ;  I 
wouldn't  mind  being  a  sweep  for  myself  with  my 
own  machine  ;  but  I  'd  rather  be  a  lamp-lighter. 
How  many  help  sweeps  as  I  do?  I  can't  at  all 
say.  No,  I  don't  know  whether  it's  10,  or  20, 
or  100,  or  1000,  I  'm  no  scholard,  sir,  that's  one 
thing.  But  it 's  very  seldom  such  as  me  's  wanted 
by  them.  I  can't  tell  what  I  get  for  jobbing  for 
sweeps  in  a  year.  I  can't  guess  at  it,  but  it 's 
not  so  much,  I  think,  as  from  other  kinds  of  job- 
bing. Yes,  sir,  I  haven't  no  doubt  that  the  t'others 
as  jobs  for  sweeps  is  in  the  same  way  as  me,  I 
think  I  may  do  as  much  as  any  of  'em  that 
way,  quite  as  much." 


Op  thb 


Lbbks"  amoho  thb  Chimnky- 
swbepers. 


Thb  Lnht  are  men  who  have  not  been  brought 
up  to  the  trade  of  chimney  sweeping,  but  have 
adopted  it  as  a  speculation,  and  are  so  called  from 
their  entering  greerit  or  inexperiencad,  into  the 


376 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


business.  There  are  I  find  as  many  as  200  leeks 
altogether  among  the  master  chimney-sweepers  of 
the  metropolis.  Of  the  "high  masters"  the 
greater  portion  are  leeks — no  less  than  92  out  of 
106.  I  was  informed  that  one  of  this  class  was 
formerly  a  solicitor,  others  had  been  ladies'  shoe- 
makers, and  others  master  builders  and  brick- 
layers. Among  the  lower-class  sweepers  who 
have  taken  to  this  trade,  there  are  dustmen, 
scavagers,  bricklayers'  labourers,  soldiers,  coster- 
mongers,  tinkers,  and  various  other  unskilled 
labourers. 

The  leeks  are  regarded  with  considerable  dis- 
like by  the  class  of  mastert  who  have  been  regu- 
larly brought  up  to  the  business,  and  served  their 
apprenticeships  as  climbing-boys.  These  look  upon 
the  leeks  as  men  who  intrude  upon,  or  interfere 
■with,  their  natural  and,  as  they  account  it,  legal 
rights — declaring  that  only  such  as  have  been 
brought  up  to  the  business  should  be  allowed  to 
establish  themselves  in  it  as  masters.  The  chimney- 
sweepers, as  far  as  I  can  learn,  have  never  pos- 
sessed any  guild,  or  any  especial  trade  regulations, 
and  this  opinion  of  their  rights  being  invaded  by 
the  leeks  arises  most  probably  from  their  know- 
ledge that  during  the  climbing-boy  system  every 
lad  so  employed,  unless  the  son  of  his  employer, 
was  obliged  to  be  apprenticed. 

This  jealousy  towards  the  leeks  does  not  at  j^ll 
affect  the  operative  sweepers,  as  some  of  these  leeks 
are  good  masters,  and  among  them,  perhaps,  is  to 
be  found  the  majority  of  the  capitalists  of  the 
chimney-sweeping  trade,  paying  the  best  wages, 
and  finding  their  journeymen  proper  food  and 
lodging.  Into  whatever  district  I  travelled  I 
heard  the  operative  chimney-sweepers  speak  highly 
in  favour  of  some  of  the  leeks. 

Many  of  the  small  masters,  however,  said  "  it 
were  a  shame  "  for  persons  who  had  never  known 
the  horrors  of  climbing  to  come  into  the  trade  and 
take  the  bread  out  of  the  mouths  of  those  who 
had  undergone  the  drudgery  of  the  climbing 
system  ;  and  there  appears  to  be  some  little  justice 
in  their  remarks. 

Since  the  introduction  of  machines  into  the 
chimney-sweeping  trade  the  masters  have  in- 
creased considerably.  In  1816  there  were  200 
masters,  and  now  there  are  350.  Before  the  ma- 
chines were  introduced,  the  higt  master  sweepers 
or  "  great  gentlemen,"  as  they  were  called,  num- 
bered only  about  20;  their  present  number  is 
106.  The  lower-class  and  master-men  sweepers,  on 
the  other  hand,  were,  under  the  climbing  system, 
from  150  to  180  in  number;  but  at  present  there 
are  as  many  as  240  odd.  The  majority  of  these 
fresh  hands  are  *'  leeks,"  not  having  been  bred  to 
the  business. 

Of  the  Inpbbiob  Chimney-Sweepers — the 

"  KkULUBES  "  AND    "  QUERIERS." 

The  majority  of  occupations  in  all  civilized  com- 
munities are  divisible  into  two  distinct  classes,  the 
employers  and  the  employed.  The  employers  are 
necessarily  capitalists  to  a  greater  or  less  extent, 
providing  generally  the  materials  and  implements 


necessary  for  the  work,  as  well  as  the  subsistence 
of  the  workmen,   in  the  form  of  wages  and  ap- 
propriating the  proceeds  of  the  labour,  while  the 
employed  are  those    who,  for  the    sake  of  the 
present  subsistence  supplied  to  them,  undertake  to 
do  the  requisite  work  for  the  employer.     In  some 
few  trades  these  two  functions  are  found  to   be 
united    in    the    same    individuals.       The    class 
known   as  peasant  proprietors  among  the  culti- 
vators   of    the    soil  are    at    once   the    labourers 
and  the  owners  of  the  land  and  stock.     The  cot- 
tiers, on  the  other  hand,  though  renting  the  land 
of  the  proprietor,  are,  so  to  speak,  peasant  farmers, 
tilling  the  land  for  themselves  rather  than  doing 
so  at  wages  for  some  capitalist  tenant.     In  handi- 
crafts and  manufactures  the  same  combination  of 
functions  is  found  to  prevail.      In  the  clothing 
districts  the  domestic  workers  are  generally  their 
own  masters,  and  so  again  in  many  other  branches 
of    production.      These    trading    operatives    are 
known  by  different  names  in  different  trades.     In 
the    shoe   trade,    for  instance,    they   are     called 
"  chamber-masters,"  in  the  "  cabinet  trade  "  they 
are  termed  "garret-masters,"  and  in  "the  cooper's 
trade "   the   name   for   them   is   "  small  trading- 
masters."    Some    style   them   "master-men,"  and 
others,  "  single-handed  masters."      In  all  occupa- 
tions, however,  the  master-men  are  found  to  be  es- 
pecially injurious  to  the  interests  of  the  entire  body 
of  both  capitalists  and  operatives,  for,  owing  to  the 
limited  extent  of  their  resources,  they  are  obliged 
to  find  a  market  for  their  work,  no  matter  at  what 
the  sacrifice,  and  hence  by  their  excessive  com- 
petitions they  serve  to   lower  the  prices  of  the 
trade  to  a  most  unprecedented  extent.     I  have  as 
yet  met  with  no  occupation  in  which  the  existence 
of  a  class  of  master-men  has  worked  well  for  the  in- 
terest of  the  trade,  and  I  have  found  many  which 
they  have  reduced  to  a  state  of  abject  wretched- 
ness.    It  is  a  peculiar  circumstance  in  connection 
with  the  master-men  that  they  abound  only  in 
those  callings   which  require  a  small  amount  of 
capital,  and  which,  consequently,  render  it  easy 
for  the  operative  immediately  on  the  least  dis- 
agreement between  him  and  his  emploj^er  to  pass 
from  the  condition  of  an  operative  into  that  of  a 
trading  workmen.  When  among  the  fancy  cabinet- 
makers I  had  a  statement  from  a  gentleman,  in 
Aldersgate-street,  who  supplied   the  materials  to 
these  men,  that  a  fancy  cabinet-maker,  the  manufac- 
turer of  writing-desks,   tea-caddies,  ladies'  work- 
boxes,  &c.,  could  begin,  and  did  begin,  business  on 
less  than  3s.  Qd.     A  youth  had  just  then  bought 
materials  of  him  for  2s.  Qd.  to  "  begin  on  a  small 
desk,"  stepping  at  once  out  of  the  trammels  of 
apprenticeship  into  the  character  of  a  master-man. 
Now  this  facility  to  commence  business  on  a  man's 
own  account  is  far  greater  in  the  chimney-sweepers' 
trade  than  even  in  the  desk-makers,'  for  the  one 
needs  no  previous  training,  while  the  other  does. 
Thus  when  other  trades,  skilled  or  unskilled, 
are  depressed,  when  casual  labour  is  with  a  mass 
of  workpeople  more  general  than  constant  labour, 
they     naturally    inquire    if    they    "cannot     do 
better  at  something  else,"  and  often  resort  to  such 
trades  as  the  chimney-sweepers'.     It  is  open  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


377 


all,  skilled  and  unskilled  alike.  Distress,  a  de- 
sire of  change,  a  vagabond  spirit,  a  hope  to  "  better 
themselves,"  all  tend  to  swell  the  ranks  of  the 
single-handed  master  chimney-sweepers ;  even 
though  these  men,  from  the  casualties  of  the 
trade  in  the  way  of  '•  seasons,"  &c.,  are  often 
exposed  to  great  privations. 

There  are  in  all  147  single-handed  masters, 
-who  are  thus  distributed  throughout  the  metro- 
polis : — 

South wark  (17),  Chelsea  (11),  Marylebone, 
Shoreditch,  and  Whitechapel  (each  9),  Hackney, 
Stepney,  and  Lambeth  (each  8),  St.  George's-in- 
the-Eas't  ^7),  Rotherhithe  (6),  St.  Giles'  and 
East  London  (each  5),  Bethnal-green,  Bermoud- 
sey,  Camberwell,  and  Claphara  (each  4),  St. 
Pancras,  Islington,  Walworth,  and  Greenwich 
(each  3),  St.  James's  (Westminster),  Holborn, 
Clerkenwell,  St.  Luke's,  Poplar,  Westminster, 
West  London,  City,  Wandsworth,  and  Wool- 
wich (each  1) ;  in  all,  147. 

Thus  we  perceive,  that  the  single-handed 
masters  abound  in  the  suburbs  and  poorer  dis- 
tricts ;  and  it  is  generally  in  those  parts  where 
the  lower  rate  of  wages  is  paid  that  these  men 
are  found  to  prevail.  Their  existence  appears  to 
be  at  once  the  cause  and  the  consequence  of  the 
depreciation  of  the  labour. 

Of  the  single-handed  masters  there  is  a  sub-class 
known  by  the  name  of  "  knullers  "  or  "  queriers." 

The  knullers  were  formerly,  it  is  probable, 
known  as  knellers.  The  Saxon  word  Cnyllan 
is  to  knell  (to  knull  properly),  or  sound  a  bell,  and 
the  name  "knuller"  accordingly  implies  the 
sounder  of  a  bell,  which  has  been  done,  there 
can  be  no  doubt,  by  the  London  chimney-sweepers 
as  well  as  the  dustmen,  to  announce  their  presence, 
and  as  still  done  in  some  country  parts.  One  in- 
formant has  kno\vn  this  to  be  the  practice  at  the 
town  of  Hungerford  in  Berkshire.  The  bell  was 
in  size  between  that  of  the  mufHn-man  and  the 
dustman. 

The  knuller  is  also  styled  a  "  quener"  a  name 
derived  from  his  making  inquiries  at  the  doors  of 
the  houses  as  to  whether  his  services  arc  required 
or  are  likely  to  be  soon  required,  calling  even 
where  they  know  that  a  regular  resident  chimney- 
sweeper is  employed.  The  men  go  along  calling 
"sweep,"  more  especially  in  the  suburbs,  and  if 
asked  "  Are  you  Mr.  So-and-So's  man!"  answer 
in  the  affirmative,  and  may  then  be  called  in  to 
sweep  the  chimneys,  or  instructed  to  come  in  the 
morning.  Thus  they  receive  the  full  charge  of  an 
established  master,  who,  for  the  sake  of  his 
character  and  the  continuance  of  his  custom,  must 
do  bis  work  properly ;  while  if  such  work  be 
done  by  the  knuller,  it  will  be  hurriedly  and 
therefore  badly  done,  as  all  work  is,  in  a  general 
way,  when  done  under  false  pretences. 

Some  of  the  sharpest  of  these  men,  I  am  told, 
hare  been  reared  up  as  sweepers ;  but  it  appears, 
although  it  is  a  matter  difficult  to  ascertain  with 
precision,  the  majority  have  been  brought  up  to 
some  generally  unikillr>d  calling,  as  scavagers, 
costerraongers,  tinkers,  bricklayers'  labourers, 
soldiers,  ic.     The  knullers  or  oneriers  ar*^  almost 


all  to  be  found  among  the  lower  class  chimney- 
sweepers. There  are,  from  the  best  information 
to  be  obtained,  from  150  to  200  of  thera.  Not  only 
do  they  scheme  for  employment  in  the  way  \ 
have  described,  but  some  of  them  call  at  the 
houses  of  both  rich  and  poor,  boldly  stating  that 

they  had  been  sent  by  Mr.  to  sweep  the 

flues.  I  was  informed  by  several  of  the  master 
sweepers,  that  many  of  the  fires  which  happen  in 
the  metropolis  are  owing  to  persons  employing 
these  "  knullers,"  "  for,"  say  the  high  masters, 
"they  scamp  the  work,  and  leave  a  quantity  of 
soot  lodged  in  the  chimney,  which,  in  the  event 
of  'a  large  fire  being  kept  in  the  range  or  grate, 
ignites."  This  opinion  as  to  the  fires  in  the 
chimneys  being  caused  by  the  scamped  work  of 
the  knullers  must  be  taken  with  some  allowance. 
Tradesmen,  whose  established  business  is  thus,  as 
they  account  it,  usurped,  are  naturally  angry  with 
the  usurpers. 

There  is  another  evil,  so  say  the  regular 
masters,  resulting  from  the  employment  of  the 
knullers — the  losses  accruing  to  persons  employ- 
ing them,  as  "  they  take  anything  they  can  lay 
their  hands  upon." 

This,  also,  is  a  charge  easy  to  make,  but  not 
easy  to  refute,  or  even  to  sift.  One  master  chim- 
ney-sweeper told  me  that  when  chimneys  are 
swept  in  rich  men's  houses  there  is  almost  always 
some  servant  in  attendance  to  watch  the  sweepers. 
If  the  rich,  I  am  told,  be  watchful  under  these 
circumstances,  the  poor  are  more  vigilant. 

The  distribution  of  the  knullers  or  queriers  is 
as  follows  : — Southwark  (17),  Chelsea  and  St. 
Giles'  (11  each),  Shoreditch  and  Whitechapel  (10 
each),  Lambeth  (9),  Marylebone,  Stepney  and 
Walworth  (8  each),  St.  George's  in  the  East  and 
Woolwich  (7  each),  Islington  and  Hackney  (6 
each).  East  London,  Rotherhithe,  and  Greenwich 
(5  each),  Paddington,  St.  Pancras,  East  London, 
Retherhithe  and  Greenwich  (5  each),  Paddington, 
St.  Pancras,  Bethnal  Green,  Berraondsey,  and 
Clapham  (4  each),  Westminster,  St.  Martin's, 
Holborn,  St.  Luke's,  West  London,  Poplar,  and 
Camberwell  (3  each) ;  St.  James's  (Westminster), 
Clerkenwell,  City  of  London,  and  Wandsworth 
(2  each),  Kensington  (1) ;  in  all,  183. 

Like  the  single-handed  men  the  knullers  abound 
in  the  suburbs.  I  endeavoured  to  find  a  knuller 
who  had  been  a  skilled  labourer,  and  was  referred 
to  one  who,  I  was  told,  had  been  a  working 
plumber,  and  a  "good  hand  at  spouts."  I  found 
him  a  doggedly  ignorant  man ;  he  saw  no  good, 
he  said,  in  books  or  newspapers,  and  "  wouldn't 
say  nothing  to  me,  as  I  'd  told  him  it  would  be 
printed.  He  wasn't  a  going  to  make  a  holy- 
show  [so  I  understood  him]  of  /a's-self." 

Another  knuller  (to  whom  I  was  referred  by  a 
master  who  occasionally  employed  him  as  a  jour- 
neyman) gave  me  the  following  account.  He  was 
"doing  just  middling"  when  I  saw  him,  he  said, 
but  his  look  was  that  of  a  man  who  had  known 
privations,  and  the  soot  actually  seemed  to  bring 
out  his  wrinkles  more  fully,  although  he  told  me  he 
was  only  between  40  and  50  years  old  ;  he  be- 
lieved he  was  nnt  4*). 


378 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  I  was  hard  brought  up,  sir,"  he  said ;  "  ay, 
them  as  '11  read  your  book — I  mean  them  readers 
as  is  well  to  do — cannot  fancy  how  hard.  Mother 
was  a  widow ;  father  was  nobody  knew  where ; 
and,  poor  woman,  she  was  sometimes  distracted 
that  a  daughter  she  had  before  her  marriage,  went 
all  wrong.  She  was  a  washerwoman,  and  slaved 
herself  to  death.  She  died  in  the  house  [work- 
house] in  Birmingham.  I  can  read  and  write  a 
little.  I  was  sent  to  a  charity  school,  and  when  I 
was  big  enough  I  was  put  'prentice  to  a  gun- 
smith at  Birmingham.  I  'm  master  of  the  business 
generally,  but  my  perticler  part  is  a  gun  lock-filer. 
No,  sir,  I  can't  say  as  ever  I  liked  it ;  nothing  but 
file  file  all  day,  I  used  to  wish  I  was  like  the 
free  bits  o'  boys  that  used  to  beg  steel  filings 
of  meior  their  fifth  of  November  fireworks.  I 
never  could  bear  confinement.  It's  made  me 
look  older  than  I  ought,  I^now,  but  what  can  a  poor 
man  do  1  No,  I  never  cared  much  about  drinking. 
I  worked  in  an  iron-foundry  when  I  was  out  of 
my  time.  I  had  a  relation  that  was  foreman 
there.  Perhaps  it  might  be  that,  among  all  the 
dust  and  heat  and  smoke  and  stuff,  that  made  me 
a  sweep  at  last,  for  I  was  then  almost  or  quite  as 
black  as  a  sweep. 

"  Then  I  come  up  to  London ;  ay,  that  must 
be  more  nor  20  years  back.  0,  I  came  up  to 
better  myself,  but  I  couldn't  get  work  either  at 
the  gun-makers — and  I  fancy  the  London  masters 
don't  like  Birmingham  hands — nor  at  the  iron- 
foundries,  and  the  iron-foundries  is  nothing  in 
London  to  what  they  is  in  Staffordshire  and 
"Warwickshire ;  nothing  at  all,  they  may  say  what 
they  like.  Well,  sir,  I  soon  got  very  bad  off. 
My  togs  was  hardly  to  call  togs.  One  night — and 
it  was  a  coldish  night,  too — I  slept  in  the  park, 
and  was  all  stiff  and  shivery  next  morning.  As 
I  was  wandering  about  near  the  park,  I  walked 
up  a  street  near  the  Abbey — King-street,  I  think 
it  is — and  there  was  a  picture  outside  a  public- 
house,  and  a  writing  of  men  wanted  for  the  East 
India  Company's  Service.  I  went  there  again 
in  the  evening,  and  there  was  soldiers  smoking 
and  drinking  up  and  down,  and  I  'listed  at  once. 
I  was  to  have  my  full  bounty  when  I  got  to  the 
depot — Southampton  I  think  they  called  it.  Some- 
how I  began  to  rue  what  I  'd  done.  Well,  I 
hardly  can  tell  you  why,  0,  no ;  I  don't  say  I 
was  badly  used ;  not  at  all.  But  I  had  heard  of 
snakes  and  things  in  the  parts  I  was  going  to,  and 
I  gently  hooked  it.  I  was  a  navvy  on  different 
rails  after  that,  but  I  never  was  strong  enough  for 
that  there  work,  and  at  last  I  couldn't  get  any 
more  work  to  do.  I  came  back  to  London ;  well, 
sir,  I  can't  say,  as  you  ask,  why  I  came  to  London 
'stead  of  Birmingham.  I  seemed  to  go  natural 
like.  I  could  get  nothing  to  do,  and  Lord  !  what 
I  suffered  !  I  once  fell  down  in  the  Cut  from 
hunger,  and  I  was,  lifted  into  Watchorn's,  and  he 
said  to  his  men,  '  Give  the  poor  fellow  a  little 
drop  of  brandy,  and  after  that  a  biscuit ;  the  best 
things  he  can  have,'  He  saved  my  life,  sir.  The 
people  at  the  bar — they  see'd  it  was  no  Immbug — 
gathered  1\d.  for  me.  A  penny  a-piece  from 
some  of  Maudslay's  men,  and  a  halfpenny  from  a 


gent  that  hadn't  no  other  change,  and  a  poor 
woman  as  I  was  going  away  slipt  a  couple  of 
trotters  into  my  hand. 

"  I  slept  at  a  lodging-house,  then,  in  Baldwin's- 
gardens  when  I  had  money,  and  one  day  in  Gray's 
inn-lane  I  picked  up  an  old  gent  that  fell  in  the 
middle  of  the  street,  and  might  have  been  run 
over.  After  he  'd  felt  in  all  his  pockets,  and 
found  he  was  all  right,  he  gave  me  5«.  I  knew  a 
sweep,  for  I  sometimes  slept  in  the  same  house,  in 
King-street,  Drury-lane;  and  he  was  sick,  and 
was  going  to  the  big  house.  And  he  told  me  all 
about  his  machines,  that 's  six  or  seven  years  back, 
and  said  if  I  'd  pay  2^,  ^d.  down,  and  2;i.  6(Z,  a 
week,  if  I  couldn't  pay  more,  I  might  have  his 
machine  for  205,  I  took  it  at  17s.  6c^.,  and  paid 
him  every  farthing.  That  just  kept  him  out  of 
the  house,  but  he  died  soon  after. 

"  Yes,  I  've  been  a  sweep  ever  since.  I  've  had 
to  shift  as  well  as  I  could  I  don't  know  that  I 
I  'm  what  you  call  a  Null.^r,  or  a  Querier.  Well, 
if  I  'm  asked  if  I  'm  anybody's  man,  I  don't  like 
to  say  '  no,'  and  I  don't  like  to  say  'yes  ;'  so  I 
says  nothing  if  I  can  help  it.  Yes,  I  call  at 
houses  to  ask  if  anything  's  wanted.  I  've  got  a 
job  that  way  sometimes.  If  they  took  me  for 
anybody's  man,  I  can't  help  that,  I  lodge  with 
another  sweep  which  is  better  off  nor  I  am,  and 
pay  him  2^.  9^.  a  week  for  a  little  stair-head 
place  with  a  bed  in  it.  I  think  I  clear  75.  a 
week,  one  week  with  another,  but  that 's  the  out- 
side. I  never  go  to  church  or  chapel.  I  've 
never  got  into  the  way  of  it.  Besides,  I  wouldn't 
be  let  in,  I  s'pose,  in  my  togs.  I  've  only  myself, 
I  can't  say  I  much  like  what  I  'm  doing,  but 
what  can  a  poor  man  do  \  " 

Op  the  Fires  op  London, 

Connected  with  the  subject  of  chimney  sweeping 
is  one  which  attracts  far  less  of  the  attention,  of 
the  legislature  and  the  public  than  its  importance 
would  seem  to  demand  ;  I  mean  the  fires  in  the 
metropolis,  with  their  long  train  of  calamities, 
such  as  the  loss  of  life  and  of  property.  These 
calamities,  too,  especially  as  regards  the  loss  of 
property,  are  almost  all  endured  by  the  poor, 
the  destruction  of  whose  furniture  is  often  the 
destruction  of  their  whole  property,  as  insurances 
are  rarely  effected  by  them ;  while  the  wealthier 
classes,  in  the  case  of  fires,  are  not  exposed  to  the 
evils  of  houselessness,  and  may  be  actually 
gainers  by  the  conflagration,  through  the  sum  for 
which  the  property  was  insured, 

"  The  daily  occurrence  of  fires  in  the  metro- 
polis," say  the  Board  of  Health,  "  their  extent, 
the  number  of  persons  who  perish  by  them,  the 
enormous  loss  of  property  they  occasion,  the  pre- 
valence of  incendiarism,  the  apparent  apathy  with 
which  such  calamities  are  regarded,  and  the 
rapidity  with  which  they  are  forgotten,  will  here- 
after be  referred  to  as  evidence  of  a  very  low- 
social  condition  and  defective  administrative  organi- 
zation. These  fires,  it  Avas  shown  nearly  a  cen- 
tury ago,  when  the  subject  of  insurance  was  de- 
bated in  Parliament,  were  frequently  caused  from 


LOXDOiV  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


not  having  chimneys  swept  in  proper  time."  I 
am  informed  that  a  chimney  may  be  on  fire  for 
many  days,  unknown  to  the  inmates  of  the  house, 
and  finally  break  out  in  the  body  of  the  building 
by  ita  getting  into  contact  with  some  beam  or 
wood-work.  The  recent  burning  of  Limehouse 
Church  was  occasioned  by  the  soot  collected  in 
the  tlue  taking  fire,  and  becoming  red  hot,  when 
it  ignited  the  wood-work  in  the  roof.  The  flue, 
or  pipe,  was  of  iron. 

From  a  return  made  by  Mr.  Braidwood  of 
the  houses  and  properties  destroyed  in  the  metro- 
polis in  the  three  years  ending  in  1849  inclusive, 
it  appeiirs  that  the  total  number  was  1111  :  of 
contents  destroyed  (which,  being  generally  insured 
separately,  should  be  kept  distinct)  there  were 
1013.  The  subjoined  table  gives  the  particulars 
as  to  the  proportion  insured  and  uninsured  : — 


Insured. 

. 

, 

Total. 

197 
404 

Houses  . 
Contents 

• 

914 
609 

1111 
1013 

1523 

601 

2124 

"  The  proportion  per  cent,  of  the  uninsured  to 
the  insured,  would  be — 



*~ 

Insured.    Uninsured.  1   Total. 

Houses  . 
Contents 

nil 

1013 
2124 

Per  Cent. 
82-3 
60-1 

Per  Cent. 

17-7 
39-9 

100 
100 

71-7 

28-3 

100 

The  following  table  gives  the  total  number  of 
fires  in  the  metropolis  during  a  series  of  years  : 


ABSTRACT  OF  CAUSES  OF  FIRE  IN  THE  METROPOLIS,  from  1833  to  1849,  inclusive- 
Compiled  by  W.  Baddelby. 


1833 


1834, 


1837,1838  1839  184o' 1841  1842  1843' 1844  1845 


1847 


1849  Total. 'Average 


Accidents  of  va- 
rious kind5,  for 
the  most  part  un-l 
avoidable    83 

Apparel  ignited 
on  the  person    .... 

Candles,  various! 
accidents  with  . .(  46 

pah:  -  23 

Chi! 
wit!:  ■ 
dies  .. 

Drunkenness \  .. 

Fire-heat,  appli- 
cstioo  of,  to  va- 
rious   hazardous 


146 


manufacturing 


'  ire-sparks : 

Fire- works  j 

Fires   kindle<l    on' 
heart 
imi': 

Flur- 
tive,  <V( I 

Fumigation,  in- 
cautious   

Furnaces,  kilns. 
Ate,  defective  or 
over-heated 

Gas 

Gunpowder 

Hearths.  defec- 
live,  Ac 

Hot  cinders  pat 
•way 

Lamps  

Lirnc.  Oakingof  , 

I  '•K.air- 


31 


ht». 


H  fading,       work 
ini?,  or  smoking 


■■   .r  ;...i;r,|.  Ac. 

i  i>b.iriT)  smoking 

Suspicious    

Wilful    

Unknown 


0      6 
114  I  91 


132    128 


17 


12  15 
31  49 
3 


36  31 

3  4 

7  8 

5  a 

57  46 


14 


15  ,  12  23 
48  48  52 
3 


25  I  27 
IR  16 
13  1  13 


103 


166  ,205 
27      15 


10 
11 
3       0 


25 


3 
237 
15      20 


28  14 
53  63 
2 


19     13 
1 

237  '241 
23     24 


4  4 
78 
2 


452  27 

69  I  4 

2876  i  169 

309  I  18 


120 

1273 

49 


117 

22 
339 


626 
238 
125 
211 

lObO 


16 


li 
20 


No.  XLVIII. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Here,  then,  we  perceive  that  there  are,  upon  an 
average  of  17  years,  no  less  than  770  "  fires"  per 
annum,  that  is  to  say,  29  houses  in  every  10,000 
are  discovered  to  be  on  fire  every  year ;  and  about 
one-fourth  of  these  are  uninsured.  In  the  year 
1833  the  total  number  of  fires  was  only  458,  or 
20  in  every  10,000  inhabited  houses,  whilst,  in 


1849,  the  number  had  gradually  progressed  to 
838,  or  28  in  every  10,000  houses. 

We  have  here,  however,  to  deal  more  particu- 
larly with  the  causes  of  these  fires,  of  which  the 
following  table  gives  the  result  of  many  years'  va- 
luable experience  : — 


TABULAR  EPITOME  OF  METROPOLITAN  FIRES,  FROM  1833  to  1849. 
Br  W.  Baddelkt,  29,  Alfred  Street,  Islington. 


1833  1834 

1835 

1836' 1837 

1838 

1839  184o'l841|1842  1843^1844 

1        1        1 
1845  1846  1847' 1848 

1 

1849  Total. 

Average 

Slightly  damaged  |  2921  338 

315 

397:  357 

.383 

402 

451 

438    521 

4891  502 

431    5761  5361  509 

582    6,.574 

470 

.Seriouslv  damaged 

135:   116- 

325 

134;   122 

l.Vi 

165 

204 

234    224 

231:  237 

244    238 

273    269 

228    2,9.55 

211 

Totallv  destroyed 

311     28 

.31 

33     22 

33 

17 

26 

24 1     24 

29     23 

32     20 

27      27 

28       365 

26 

Total  No.  of  Fires 

458    482 

471 

564;  501 

m 

584 

(i81 

696:  769i  749|  762 

707:  834 

836    805 

8381   9,894 

770 

False  Alarms 

59j     63 

m 

66i     89 

m 

70 

84 

67      611    79      70 

81;  119 

88    120 

76;    1,150 

82 

Alarms           from 

1 

1 

1 

Chimneys  on  Fire 

75,  106 

106 

126    127 

107 

101 

98!    92     82|    83i    94 

87     69     66     86 

89    1,307 

94 

Total  No.  of  Calls 

592  i  651 

643 

756    717 

755 

755 

863    8.55    912    911 

926 

875  1022    990  1011 

1003  12,351 

882 

Insuran.  on  Build- 

1 

1 

1 

j 

ing  and  Contents 
Insurances        on 

i 

169    173 

161 

160 

237    "^-^    -*'•'' 

276 

263    310 

368.  3,718 

266 

1 

1 

Building  only  . 

73,    47 

59 

58 

92 

149   116 

124 

138 

107    137 

125'  12c 

163    I  508 

108 

Insurances        on 

^ 

Contents  only. . 

104     76 
218    205 

128 

115'  104 

KO     110 

107 

94 

73    125 

1A71    131 

72    1,453 
235    3,215 

104 

Uninsured    

220 

242    248    152    220  i  242 

217 

214    270   291'  241 

230 

Thus  we  perceive  that,  out  of  an  average  of 
665  fires  per  annum,  the  information  being  de- 
rived from  17  years'  experience,  the  following 
were  the  number  of  fires  produced  by  different 


causes :—                                                          Average 

: 

Vo.of 

Fires  per 

Annum. 

Candles,  various  accidents  with  . 

169 

Flues,  foul,  defective,  &c.  . 

75 

Unknown          

63 

Gas 

46 

Stoves  over-heated     .... 

37 

Linen,  drying,  airing,  &c.   . 

30    : 

Accidents  of  various  kinds,  for  the  most 

part  unavoidable 

27 

Fire  heat,  application  of,  to  various  ha- 

zardous manufacturing  processes     . 

26 

Fire  sparks 

21     . 

Shavings,  loose,  ignited 

20 

Carelessness,  palpable  instances  of      . 

18 

Furnaces,  kilns,  &c.,  defective  or  over- 

heated         .         .         .         .         .         , 

16 

Children  playing  with  fire  or  candles  . 

14 

Tobacco  smoking       .... 

14 

Spontaneous  combustion     . 

13 

Wilful 

12 

Lucifer-matches        .... 

11 

Ovens      ...... 

7 

Fires,  kindled  on  hearths  and  other 

improper  places 

7 

Suspicious 

7 

Lamps      ...... 

5 

Drunkenness 

5 

Lime,  slaking  of        ...         . 

4 

Apparel,  ignited  on  the  person   . 

4 

Fireworks 

4 

Hot  cinders  put  away 

3 

Incautious  fumigation 

3 

Reading,  working,  or  smoking  in  bed  . 

1-33 

Hearths  defective      .... 

1-25 

665 


Here,  then,  we  find  that  while  the  greatest  pro- 
portion of  fires  are  caused  by  accidents  with  candles, 
about  one-ninth  of  the  fires  above  mentioned  arise 
from  foul  flues,  or  75  out  of  665,  a  circumstance 
which  teaches  us  the  usefulness  of  the  class  of  la- 
bourers of  whom  we  have  been  lately  treating. 

It  would  seem  that  a  much  larger  proportion  of 
the  fires  are  wilfully  produced  than  appear  in  the 
above  table. 

The  Board  of  Health,  in  speaking  of  incen- 
diarism in  connection  with  insurance,  report  : — 

"  Inquiries  connected  with  measures  for  the  im- 
provement of  the  population  have  developed  the 
operation  of  insurances,  in  engendering  crimes 
and  calamities  ;  negatively,  by  weakening  natural 
responsibilities  and  motives  to  care  and  fore- 
thought ;  positively,  by  temptations  held  out  to 
the  commission  of  crime  in  the  facility  with  which 
insurance  money  is  usually  obtainable. 

"  The  steady  increase  in  the  number  of  fires 
in  the  metropolis,  whilst  our  advance  in  the  arts 
gives  means  for  their  diminution,  is  ascribable 
mainly  to  the  operation  of  these  two  causes,  and 
to  the  division  and  weakening  of  administrative 
authority.  From  information  on  which  we  can 
rely,  we  feel  assured  that  the  crime  of  incen- 
diarism for  the  sake  of  insurance  money  exists  to 
a  far  greater  extent  than  the  public  are  aware  of," 

Mr.  Braid  wood  has  expressed  his  opinion  that 
only  one-half  of  the  property  in  the  metropolis  is 
insured,  not  as  to  numbers  of  property,  but  ^as  to 
value  ;  but  the  proportion  of  insured  and  unin- 
sured houses  could  not  be  ascertained. 

Mr.  Baddeley,  the  inspector  to  the  Society  for 
the  Protection  of  Life  from  Fire,  who  had  given 
attention  to  the  subject  for  the  last  30  years,  gave 
the  Board  the  following  account  of  the  increase  of 
fires  : — 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


381 


In  the  first  seven 
years  there  were 
on  an  average    . 

In  the  second 
seven  years  .     . 


Fires  per  j  Of  which 
Annum  of  |       were 
Houses  and      Totally 
Properties.  Uninsured. 


623 
790 


215 
244 


Proportion 
per  Cent, 
of  Insured 
Houses  and 
Properties 
Burnt. 


65-15 
69-3 


During  this  period  there  has  been  a  great  in- 
crease in  the  number  of  dwellings,  but  this  has 
been  chiefly  in  suburban  places,  where  fires  rarely 
occur.  ■    -  „■ 

"  The  frequency' of  fires,"  it  is  further  stated, 
"led  Mr.  Payne,  the  coroner  of  the  City  of 
London,  to  revive  the  exercise  of  the  coroner's 
function  of  inquiring  into  the  causes  of  fires ; 
most  usefully.  Out  of  58  inquests  held  by  him 
(in  the  City  of  London  and  the  borough  of 
Southwark,  which  comprise  only  one-eighteenth 
of  the  houses  of  the  metropolis)  since  1845,  it 
appears  that,  8  were  proved  to  be  wilful;  27 
apparently  accidental';  and  23  from  causes  un- 
known, including  suspicious  causes.  The  propor- 
tion of  ascertained  wilful  fires  was,  therefore,  23 
per  cent. ;  which  gives  strong  confirmation  to  the 
indications  presented  by  the  statistical  returns  as 
to  the  excess  of  insured  property  burnt  above  un- 
insured." 

The  at  once  mean  and  reckless  criminality  of 
arson,  by  which  a  man  exposes  his  neighbours  to 
the  risk  of  a  dreadful  death,  which  he  himself 
takes  measures  to  avoid,  has  long,  and  on  many 
occasions,  gone  unpunished  in  London.  The 
insurance  companies,  when  a  demand  is  made  upon 
them  for  a  loss  through  fire,  institute  an  inquiry, 
carried  on  quietly  by  their  own  people.  The 
claimant  is  informed,  if  sufficient  reasons  for  such 
a  step  appear,  that  from  suspicious  circumstances, 
which  had  come  to  the  knowledge  of  the  com- 
pany, the  demand  would  not  be  complied  with, 
and  that  the  company  would  resist  any  action  for 
the  recover)'  of  the  money.  The  criminal  becomes 
alanned,  he  is  afraid  of  committing  himself,  and 
80  the  matter  drops,  and  the  insurance  companies, 
not  being  required  to  pay  the  indemnification,  are 
satisfied  to  save  their  money,  and  let  the  incen- 
diarism remain  unnoticed  or  unpunished.  Mr. 
Payne,  the  coroner,  has  on  some  occasions  strongly 
commented  on  this  practice  as  one  which  showed 
the  want  of  a  public  prosecutor. 

A  few  words  as  regards  the  means  of  extinc- 
tion and  help  at  fires. 

Upwards  of  two  years  ago  the  Commissioners 
of  Police  instructed  their  officers  to  note  the  time 
which  elapsed  between  the  earliest  alarm  of  fire 
and  the  arrival  of  the  first  engine.  Seventeen 
fires  were  noted,  and  the  average  duration  of  time 
before  the  fire-brigade  or  any  parochial  or  local 
fire-engine,  reached  the  spot,  was  36  minutes. 
Two  or  three  of  these  fires  were  in  the  suburbs :  so 


that  in  this  crowded  city,  so  densely  packed  with 
houses  and  people,  fifteen  fires  raged  unchecked 
for  more  than  half-an-hour. 

There  are  in  the  metropolis,  not  including  the 
more  distant  suburbs,  150  public  fire  stations, 
with  engines  provided  under  the  management  of 
the  parochial  authorities.  The  fire-brigade  has 
but  seventeen  stations  on  land,  and  two  on  the 
river,  which  are,  indeed,  floating  engines,  one 
being  usually  moored  near  Southwark-bridge,  the 
other  having  no  stated  place,  being  changed  in  its 
locality,  as  may  be  considered  best.  In  the  course 
of  three  years,  the  term  of  the  official  inquiry, 
the  engines  of  the  fire-brigade  reached  on  the 
average  the  place  where  a  fire  was  raging  thirty- 
Jive  times  a3  the  earliest  means  of  assistance, 
when  the  parochial  engines  did  the  same  only  in 
the  proportion  of  tico  to  the  thirty-five. 

Mr.  Braidwood,  the  director  of  the  fire-brigade, 
stated,' when  questioned  on  the  subject  with  a  view 
to  a  report  to  be  laid  before  Parliament,  that  "  the 
average  time  of  an  engine  turning  out  with  horses 
was  from  three  to  seven  minutes."  The  engines 
are  driven  at  the  rate  of  ten  miles  an  hour  along 
the  streets,  which,  in  the  old  coaching  days,  was 
considered  the  "  best  royal  mail  pace."  Indeed, 
there  have  been  frequent  complaints  of  the 
rapidity  with  which  the  fire-engines  are  driven, 
and  if  the  drivers  were  not  skilful  and  alert,  it 
would  really  amount  to  recklessness. 

"  Information  of  the  breaking  out  of  a  fire,"  it 
is  stated  in  the  report,  "  will  be  conveyed  to  the 
station  of  the  brigade  at  the  rate  of  about  five 
miles  an  hour :  thus  in  the  case  of  the  occurrence  of 
a  fire  within  a  mile  of  the  station,  the  intelligence 
may  be  conveyed  to  the  station  in  about  twelve 
minutes ;  the  horses  will  be  put  to,  and  the 
engine  got  out  into  the  street  in  about  five 
minutes  on  the  average ;  it  traverses  the  mile  in 
about  six  minutes ;  and  the  water  has  to  be  got 
into  the  engine,  which  will  occupy  about  five 
minutes,  making,  under  the  most  favourable  cir- 
cumstances for  such  a  distance,  28  minutes,  or  for 
a  half-mile  distance,  an  average  of  not  less  than 
20  minutes." 

The  average  distance  of  the  occurring  fires 
from  a  brigade  station  were,  however,  during  a 
period  of  three  years,  terminating  in  1850,  up- 
wards of  a  mile.  One  was  five  miles,  several 
four  miles,  more  were  two  miles,  and  a  mile  and 
a  half,  while  the  most  destructive  fires  were  at  an 
average  distance  of  a  mile  and  three  quarters. 
Thus  it  was  impossible  for  a  fire-brigade  to  give 
assistance  as  soon  as  assist^mce  was  needed,  and, 
under  other  circumstances,  might  have  been  ren- 
dered. And  all  this  damage  may  and  does  very 
often  result  from  what  seems  so  trifling  a  neglect 
as  the  non-sweeping  of  a  chimney. 

Mr.  W.  Baddeley,  an  engineer,  and  a  high 
authority  on  this  subject,  has  stated  that  he  had 
attended  fires  for  30  years  in  London,  and  that,  of 
838  fires  which  took  place  in  1849,  two-thirds 
might  have  been  easily  extinguished  had  there 
been  an  immediate  application  of  water.  In  some 
places,  he  said,  delay  originated  from  the  turn- 
cocks being  at  wide  intervals,  and  some  of  the 


382 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


companies  objecting  to  let  any  but  their  own 
servants  have  the  command  of  the  main-cocks. 

The  Board  of  Health  have  recommended  the 
formation  of  a  series  of  street-water  plugs  within 
short  distances  of  each  other,  the  water  to  be  con- 
stantly on  at  high  pressiire  night  and  day,  and  the 
■whole  to  be  under  the  charge  of  a  trained  bodj-^ 
of  men  such  as  compose  the  present  fire-brigade, 
provided  at  appointed  stations  with  every  necessary 
appliance  in  the  way  of  hose,  pipes,  ladders,  &c. 
"The  hose  should  be  within  the  reach,"  it  is 
urged  in  the  report,  "fixed,  and  applied  on  an 
average  of  not  more  than  five  minutes  from  the 
time  of  the  alarm  being  given  ;  that  is  to  say,  in 
less  than  one-fourth  of  the  time  within  which  fire- 
engines  are  brought  to  bear  under  existing  ar- 
rangements, and  with  a  still  greater  proportionate 
diminution  of  risks  and  serious  accidents." 

Nor  is  this  mode  of  extinguishing  fires  a  mere 
experiment.  It  is  successfully  practised  in  some 
of  the  American  cities,  Philadelphia  among  the 
number,  and  in  some  of  oxir  own  manufacturing 
towns.  Mr.  Emmott,  the  engineer  and  manager 
of  the  Oldham  Water-works,  has  described  the 
practice  in  that  town  on  the  occurrence  of  fires : — 

"  In  five  cases  out  of  six,  the  hose  is  pushed 
into  a  water-plug,  and  the  water  thrown  npon  a 
building  on  fire,  for  the  average  pressure  of  water 
in  this  town  is  146  feet ;  by  this  means  our  fires 
are  generally  extinguished  even  before  the  heavj'' 
engine  arrives  at  the  spot.  The  hose  is  much 
preferred  to  the  engine,  on  account  of  the  speed 
with  which  it  is  applied,  and  the  readiness  with 
which  it  is  used,  for  one  man  can  manage  a  hose, 
and  throw  as  much  water  on  the  building  on  fire 
as  an  engine  worked  by  many  men.  On  this 
account  we  very  rarely  indeed  use  the  engines,  as 
they  possess  no  advantage  whatever  over  the 
hose." 

When  the  city  of  Hamburgh  was  rebuilt  two 
or  three  years  back,  after  its  destruction  by  fire, 
it  was  rebuilt  chiefly  under  the  direction  of  Mr. 
W.  Lindley,  the  engir.eer,  and,  as  far  as  Mr. 
Lindley  could  accomplish,  on  sanitary  principles, 
such  as  the  abolition  of  cesspools.  The  arrange- 
ments for  the  surface  cleansing  of  the  streets  by 
means  of  the  hose  and  jet  and  the  water-plugs, 
are  made  available  for  the  extinction  of  fires,  and 
with  the  following  results,  as  communicated  by 
Mr.  Lindley  : — 

"  Have  there  been  fires  in  buildings  in  Ham- 
burgh in  the  portion  of  the  town  rebuilt'? — Yes, 
repeatedly.  They  have  all,  however,  been  put 
out  at  once.  If  they  had  had  to  wait  the  usual 
time  for  engines  and  water,  say  20  minutes  or 
half  an  hour,  these  might  all  have  led  to  exten- 
sive conflagrations. 

"What  has  been  the  effect  on  insurance? — 
The  effect  of  the  rapid  extinction  of  fires  has 
brought  to  light  to  the  citizens  of  Hamburgh,  the 
fact  that  the  greater  proportion  of  their  fires  are 
the  work  of  incendiaries,  for  the  sake  of  the  in- 
surance money.  A  person  is  absent ;  smoke  is 
seen  to  exude ;  the  alarm  of  fire  is  given,  and  the 
door  is  forced  open,  the  jet  applied,  and  the  fire 
extinguished  immediately.     Case  after  case  has 


occurred,  where,  upon  the  fire  being  extinguished, 
the  arrangements  for  the  spread  of  the  fire  are 
found  and  made  manifest.  Several  of  this  class 
of  incendiaries  for  the  insurance  money  are  now 
in  prison.  The  saving  of  money  alone,  by  the 
prevention  of  fires,  would  be  worth  the  whole  ex- 
pense of  the  like  arrangement  in  London,  where 
it  is  well  known  that  similar  practices  prevail  ex- 
tensively." 

The  following  statement  was  given  by  Mr. 
Quick,  an  engineer,  on  this  subject : — 

*'  After  the  destruction  of  the  terminus  of  the 
South  Western  llailway  by  fire,  I  recommended 
them  to  have  a  9-inch  main,  with  3-inch  outlets 
leading  to  six  stand-pipes,  with  joining  screws  for 
hose-pipes  to  be  attached,  and  that  they  should 
carry  a  3-inch  pipe  of  the  same  description  up 
into  each  floor,  so  that  a  hose  might  be  attached 
in  any  room  Avhere  the  fire  commenced. 

"  In  how  many  minutes  may  the  hose  be 
attached"? — There  is  only  the  time  of  attaching 
the  hose,  which  need  be  nothing  like  a  minute. 
I  have  indeed  recommended  that  a  short  length 
of  hose  with  a  short  nozzle  or  branch  should  be 
kept  attached  to  the  cock,  so  that  the  cock  has 
only  to  be  turned,  which  is  done  in  an  instant. 

"  It  appears  that  fire-engines  require  26  men  to 
work  each  engine  of  two  7-inch  barrels,  to  pro- 
j  duce  a  jet  of  about  50  feet  high.  The  arrange- 
ment carried  out,  at  your  recommendation,  Avith 
six  jets,  is  equivalent  to  keeping  six  such  engines, 
and  the  power  of  156  men,  in  readiness  to  act  at 
all  times,  night  and  day,  at  about  a  minute's 
notice,  for  the  extinction  of  fires  ] — It  will  give  a 
power  more  than  equal  to  that  number  of  men ; 
for  the  jets  given  off  from  a  20-inch  main  will  be 
much  more  regular  and  powerful,  and  will  deliver 
more  water  than  could  be  delivered  by  any 
engine.  The  jets  at  that  place  would  be  70  feet 
high." 

The  system  of  roof-cisterns,  which  was  at  one 
time  popular  as  a  means  of  extinction,  has  been 
found,  it  appears,  on  account  of  their  leakage  and 
diffusion  of  damp,  to  be  but  sorry  contrivances, 
and  have  very  generally  been  discontinued.  Mr. 
Holme,  a  builder  in  Liverpool,  gives  the  follow- 
ing, even  under  the  circumstances,  amusing  ac- 
count of  a  fire  where  such  a  cistern  was  pro- 
vided : — 

"  The  owner  of  a  cotton  kiln,  which  had  been 
repeatedly  burnt,  took  it  into  his  head  to  erect  a 
large  tank  in  the  roof.  His  idea  was,  that  when 
a  fire  occurred,  they  should  have  water  at  hand ; 
and  when  the  fire  ascended,  it  would  burn  the 
wooden  tank,  and  the  whole  of  the  contents 
being  discharged  on  the  fire  like  a  cataract,  it 
would  at  once  extinguish  it.  Well,  the  kiln 
again  took  fire;  the  smoke  was  so  suffocating, 
that  nobody  could  get  at  the  internal  pipe,  and 
the  whole  building  was  again  destroyed.  But 
what  became  of  the  tank  ]  It  could  not  burn, 
because  it  was  filled  with  water;  consequently,  it 
boiled  most  admirably.  No  hole  was  singed  in 
its  side  or  bottom ;  "it  looked  very  picturesque, 
but  it  was  utterly  useless." 

The   necessity   of    almost  immediate   help   is 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


383 


shown  in  the  following  statement  by  Mr.  Braid- 
wood,  when  consulted  on  the  subject  of  fire- 
escapes,  which  under  the  present  system  are  not 
considered  suflSciently  effective  : — 

"Taking  Loudon  to  be  six  miles  long  and 
three  miles  broad,  to  have  anything  like  an 
efficient  system  of  fire-escapes,  it  would  be  neces- 
sary to  have  one  with  a  man  to  attend  it  within  a 
quarter  of  a  mile  of  each  house,  as  assistance,  to 
be  of  any  tise,  must  generalhj  he  rendered  mlhin 
Jive  minuUs  after  tlie  alarm  is  given.  To  do  this 
the  stations  must  be  within  a  quarter  of  a  mile  of 
each  other  (as  the  escapes  must  be  taken  round 
the  angles  of  the  streets)  :  253  stations  would 
thus  be  required  and  as  many  men. 

"  At  present  scaling  ladders  are  kept  at  all  the 
engine  stations,  and  canvas  sheets  also  at  some 
of  them ;  several  lives  have  been  saved  by  them ;  | 
but  the  distance  of  the  stations  from  each  other 
renders  them  applicable  only  in  a  limited  number 
of  instances." 

The  engines  of  the  fire-brigade  throw  up  about 
90  gallons  a  minute.  Their  number  is  about 
100.  The  cost  of  a  fire-engine  is  from  60/.  to 
100/.,  and  the  hose,  buckets,  and  general  appa- 
ratus, cost  nearly  the  same  amount. 

Of  the  Sewermen  and  Nightmen  op 

LOSDOK. 

"Wb  now  come  to  the  consideration  of  the  last 
of  the  several  classes  of  labourers  engaged  in  the 
removal  of  the  species  of  refuse  from  the  metro- 
polis.    I  have  before  said  that  the  public  refuse 
of  a  town  consists  of  two  kinds  : — 
I.  The  street  refuse. 
II.  The  house-refuse. 
Of  each  of  these   kinds  there   are   two   spe- 
cies : — 

A.  The  dry. 

B.  The  we't. 

The  dry  street-refuse  consists,  as  we  have  seen, 
of  the  refuse  earth,  bricks,  mortar,  oyster-shelU, 
potsherds,  and  pansherds. 

And  the  dry  house-refuse  of  the  soot  andjashes 
of  our  fires. 

The  wet  street-refuse  consists,  on  the  other 
hand,  of  the  mud,  slop,  and  surface  water  of  our 
public  thoroughfares. 

And  the  wet  house-reftse,  of  what  is  familiarly 
known  as  the  "  slops  "  of  our  residences,  and  the 
liquid  refuse  of  uur  factories  and  slaughter- 
houses. 

We  hare  already  collected  the  facts  in  connec- 
tion with  the  three  first  of  these  subjects.  We 
have  ascertained  the  total  amount  of  each  of  these 
species  of  refuse  which  hare  to  be  annually  re- 
moTed  from  the  capital  We  hare  set  forth  the 
aggregate  nmnber  of  labourers  who  are  engaged 
iu  the  removal  of  it,  as  well  as  the  gross  sum  that 
is  paid  for  so  doing,  showing  the  individual  earn- 
ings of  each  of  the  workmen,  and  arriving,  as 
near  as  possible,  at  the  profits  of  their  employers, 
as  well  as  the  condition  of  the  employed.  This 
has  been  done,  it  is  believed,  for  the  first  time  in 
this  country;  and  if  the  subject  has  led  us  into 


longer  discussions  than  usual,  the  importance  of 
the  matter,  considered  in  a  sanitary  point  of  view, 
is  such  that  a  moment's  reflection  will  convince 
us  of  the  value  of  the  inquiry — especially  in 
connection  with  a  work  which  aspires  to  embrace 
the  whole  of  the  offices  performed  by  the  la- 
bourers of  the  capital  of  the  British  Empire. 

It  now  but  remains  for  us  to  complete  this 
novel  and  vast  inquiry  by  settling  the  condition 
and  earnings  of  the  men  engaged  in  the  removal  of 
the  last  species  of  public  refuse,  I  shall  consider, 
first,  the  aggregate  quantity  of  wet  house-refuse 
that  has  to  be  annually  removed  ;  secondly,  the 
means  adopted  for  the  removal  of  it ;  thirdly,  the 
cost  of  so  doing  ;  and  lastly,  the  number  of  men 
engaged  in  this  kind  of  work,  as  well  as  the 
wages  paid  to  them,  and  the  physical,  intellectual, 
and  moral  condition  in  which  they  exist,  or,  more 
properly  speaking,  are  allowed  to  remain. 

Of  the  Wet  House-Refuse  of  London. 

All  house-refuse  of  a  liquid  or  semi-liquid  cha- 
racter is  wet  refuse.  It  may  be  called  semi-liquid 
when  it  has  become  mingled  with  any  solid  sub- 
stance, though  not  so  fully  as  to  have  lost  its  pro- 
perty of  fluidity,  its  natural  power  to  flow  along 
a  suitable  inclination. 

Wet  house-refuse  consists  of  the  "  slops "  of 
a  household.  It  consists,  indeed,  of  alt  waste 
water,  whether  from  the  supply  of  the  Avater 
companies,  or  from  the  rain-fall  collected  on  the 
roofs  or  yards  of  the  houses;  of  the  "suds"  of 
the  washerwomen,  and  the  water  used  in  every 
department  of  scouring,  cleansing,  or  cooking.  It 
consists,  moreover,  of  the  refuse  proceeds  from  the 
several  factories,  dye-bouses,  &c, ;  of  the  blood 
and  other  refuse  (not  devoted  to  Prussian  blue 
manufacture  or  sugar  refining)  from  the  butchers' 
slaughter-houses  and  the  knackers'  (horse  slaugh- 
terers') yards  ;  as  well  as  the  refuse  fluid  from 
all  chemical  processes,  quantities  of  chemically 
impregnated  water,  for  example,  being  pumped,  as 
soon  as  exhausted,  from  the  t<vn-pits  of  Ber- 
mondsey  into  the  drains  and  sewers.  From  the 
great  hat-manufactories  (chiefly  also  in  Ber- 
mondsey  and  other  parts  of  the  Borough)  there  is 
a  constant  flow  of  water  mixed  with  dyes  and 
other  substances,  to  add  to  the  wet  refuse  of 
London. 

It  is  evident,  then,  that  all  the  water  consumed 
or  w.isted  in  the  metropolis  must  form  a  portion  of 
the  total  sum  of  the  wet  refuse. 

There  is,  however,  the  exception  of  what  is 
used  for  the  watering  of  gardens,  which  is  ab- 
sorbed at  once  by  the  soil  and  its  vegetable  pro- 
ducts; we  must  also  exclude  such  portion  of 
water  as  is  applied  to  the  laying  of  the  road  and 
street  dust  on  dry  8um;ner  days,  and  which  forms 
a  part  of  the  street  mud  or  "  mac"  of  the  scava- 
ger's  cart,  rather  than  of  the  sewerage  ;  and  we 
must  further  deduct  the  water  derived  from  the 
street  plugs  for  the  supply  of  the  fire-engines, 
which  is  consumed  or  absorbed  in  the  extinction 
of  the  flames  ;  as  well  as  the  water  required  for 
the  victualling  of  ships  on  the  eve  of  a  voyage, 


384 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


when  such  supply  is  not  derived  immediately  from 
the  Thames. 

The  quantity  of  water  required  for  the  diet,  or 
beverage,  or  general  use  of  the  population ;  the 
quantity jjfconsumed  by  the  maltsters,  distillers, 
brewers,  ginger-beer  and  soda-water  makers,  and 
manufacturing  chemists;  for  the  making  of  tea, 
coffee,  or  cocoa';  and  for  drinking  at  meals  (which 
is  often  derived  from  pumps,  and  not  from  the 
supplies  of  the  water  companies); — the  water 
which  is  thus  consumed,  in  a  prepared  or  in  a 
simple  state,  passes  into  the  wet  refuse  of  the 
metropolis  in  another  form. 

Now,  according  to  reports  submitted  to  Parlia- 
ment when  an  improved)  system  of  water-supply 
was  under  consideration,  the  daily  supply  of  water 
to  the  metropolis  is  as  follows : — 

Gallons. 

From  the  Water  Companies  .  44,383,329 
„  „  Artesian  Wells  .  .  8,000,000 
„         „  land  spring  pumps        .       3,000,000 


The  yearly  rain-fall  throughout 
metropolis  is  172,053,477  tons,  or 
gallons,  2  feet  deep  of  rain  falling 
inch  of  London  in  the  course  of 
yearly  total  of  the  water  pumped 
the  metropolis  is  as  follows  : — 

Yearly  mechanical  supply 
natural  ditto 


55,383,329 

the  area  of  the 
33,589,972,120 
on  every  square 
the  year.     The 

or  falling  into 

Gallons. 
19,215,000,000 
38,539,972,122 


57,754,972,122 

The  reader  will  find  the  details  of  this  subject 
at  p.  203  of  the  present  volume.  I  recapitulate 
the  results  here  to  save  the  trouble  of  reference, 
and  briefly  to  present  the  question  under  one  head. 

Of  course  the  rain  which  ultimately  forms  a 
portion  of  the  gross  wet  refuse  of  London,  can  be 
only  such  as  falls  on  that  part  of  the  metropo- 
litan area  which  is  occupied  by  buildings  or 
streets.  What  falls  upon  fields,  gardens,  and  all 
open  ground,  is  absorbed  by  the  soil.  But  a  large 
proportion  of  the  rain  falling  upon  the  streets,  is 
either  absorbed  by  the  dry  dust,  or  retained  in 
the  form  of  mud  ;  hence  that  only  which  falls  on  the 
house-tops  and  yards  can  be  said  to  contribute 
largely  to  the  gross  quantity  of  wet  refuse  poured 
into  the  sewers.  The  streets  of  London  appear  to 
occupy  one-tenth  of  the  entire  metropolitan  area, 
an^the  houses  (estimating  300,000  as  occupying 
upon  an  average  100  square  yards  each*)  another 
tithe  of  the  surface.  The  remaining  92  square 
miles  out  of  the  115  now  included  in  the  Regis- 
trar-General's limits  (which  extend,  it  should  be 
remembered,  to  Wandsworth,  Lewisham,  Bow, 
and  Hampstead),  may  be  said  to  be  made  up  of 
suburban  gardens,  fields,  parks,  &c.,  where  the 

*  In  East  and  West  London  there  are  rather  more 
than  32  houses  to  the  acre,  which  jjives  an  average  of  151 
square  yards  to  each  dwelling,  so  that,  allowing  the 
streets  here  to  occupy  one-third  (jf  the  area,  we  have 
100  square  yards  for  the  space  covered  by  each  house. 
In  Lewisham,  Hampstead,  and  Wandsworth,  there  is 
not  one  house  to  the  acre.  Xhe  average  number  of 
houses  per  acre  throughout  London  is  4. 


rain-water  would  soak  into  the  earth.  We  have, 
then,  only  two-tenths  of  the  gross  rain- fall,  or 
7,700,000,000  gallons,  that  could  possibly  appear 
in  the  sewers,  and  calculating  one-third  of  this  to 
be  absorbed  by  the  mud  and  dust  of  the  streets, 
we  come  to  the  conclusion  that  the  total  quantity 
of  rain-water  entering  the  sewers  is,  in  round 
numbers,  5,000,000,000  gallons  per  annum. 

Reckoning,  therefore,  5,000,000,000  gallons 
to  be  derived  from  the  annual  rain-fall,  it  ap- 
pears that  the  yearly  supply  of  water,  from  all 
sources,  to  be  accounted  for  among  the  wet  house- 
refuse  is,  in  round  numbers,  24,000,000,000 
gallons. 

The  refuse  water  from  the  factories  need  not  be 
calculated  separately,  as  its  supply  is  included  in 
the  water  mechanically  supplied,  and  the  loss 
from  evaporation  in  boiling,  &c.,  would  be  per- 
fectly insignificant  if  deducted  from  the  vast 
annual  supply,  but  350,000,000  gallons  have  been 
allowed  for  this  and  other  losses. 

There  is  still  another  source  of  the  supply  of 
wet  house-refuse  unconnected  either  with  the 
rain-fall  or  the  mechanical  supply  of  water — I 
mean  such  proportion  of  the  blood  or  other  refuse 
from  the  butchers*  and  knackers'  premises  as  is 
washed  into  the  sewers. 

Official  returns  show  that  the  yearly  quantity 
of  animals  sold  in  Smithfield  is — 

Horned  cattle        ....      224,000 

Sheep 1,550,000 

Calves 27,300 

Pigs 40,000 

1,841,300 

The  blood  flowing  from  a  slaughtered  bullock, 
whether  killed  according  to  the  Christian  or  the 
Jewish  fashion,  amounts,  on  an  average,  to  20 
quarts ;  from  a  sheep,  to  6  or  7  quarts ;  from  a 
pig,  5  quarts  ;  and  the  same  quantity  from  a  calf. 
The  blood  from  a  horse  slaughtered  in  a  knackers' 
yard  is  about  the  same  as  that  from  a  bullock. 
This  blood  used  to  bring  far  higher  prices  to  the 
butcher  than  can  be  now  realized. 

In  the  evidence  taken  by  a  Select  Committee  of 
the  House  of  Commons  in  1849,  concerning 
Smithfield-market,  Mr.  Wyld,  of  the  Fox  and 
Knot-yard,  Smithfield,  stated  that  he  slaughtered 
about  180  cattle  weekly.  "  We  have  a  sort  of 
well  made  in  the  slaughterhouse,"  he  said,  "  which 
receives  the  blood.  I  receive  about  1^  a  week 
for  it ;  it  goes  twice  a  day  to  Mr.  Ton's,  at  Bow 
Common.  We  used  to  receive  a  good  deal  more 
for  it."  Even  the  market  for  blood  at  Mr.  Ton's, 
is,  I  am  informed,  now  done  away  with.  He  was 
a  manufacturer  of  artificial  manure,  a  preparation 
of  night-soil,  blood,  &c.,  baked  in  what  may  be 
called  "  cakes,"  and  exported  chiefly  to  our  sugar- 
growing  colonies,  for  manure.  His  manure  yard 
has  been  suppressed. 

I  am  assured,  on  the  authority  of  experienced 
butchers,  that  at  the  present  time  fully  three- 
fourths  of  the  blood  from  the  animals  slaughtered 
in  London  becomes  a  component  part  of  the  wet 
refuse  I  treat  of,  being  washed  into  the   sewers. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


385 


The  more  wholesale  slaughterers,  now  that  blood 
is  of  little  value  (9  gallons  in  "Whitechapel-market, 
the  blood  of  two  beasts— less  by  a  gallon— can  be 
bought  for  Zd.),  send  this  animal  refuse  down  the 
drains  of  their  premises  in  far  greater  quantities 
than  was  formerly  their  custom. 

Now,  reckoning  only  three-fourths  of  the  blood 
from  the  cattle  slaughtered  in  the  metropolis, 
to  find  its  way  into  the  sewers,  we  have,  according 
to  the  numbers  above  given,  the  following  yearly 
supply : — 

Gallons. 
From  homed  cattle       .        .        .      840,000 
„     sheep  ....    1,743,000 

„    pigs 37,500 

..     calves  ....         25,590 


2,646,090 

This  is  merely  the  blood  from  the  animals  sold 
in  Smithfield-market,  the  lambs  not  being  included 
in  the  retxirn  ;  while  a  great  many  pigs  and  calves 
are  slaughtered  by  the  London  tradesmen,  without 
their  having  been  shown  in  Smithfield. 

The  ordure  from  a  slaughtered  bullock  is,  on  an 
average,  from  ^  to  J  cwt.  Many  beasts  yield  one 
cwt. ;  and  cows  "  killed  full  of  grass,"  as  much 
as  two  cwt.  Of  this  excrementitious  matter,  I  am 
informed,  about  a  fourth  part  is  washed  into  the 
sewers.  In  sheep,  calves,  and  pigs,  however, 
there  is  very  little  ordure  when  slaughtered,  only 
3  or  4  lbs.  in  each  as  an  average. 

Of  the  number  of  horses  killed  there  is  no 
official  or  published  account.  One  man  familiar 
with  the  subject  calculated  it  at  100  weekly.  All 
the  blood  from  the  knackers'  yards  is,  I  am  told, 
washed  into  the  sewers ;  consequently  its  yearly 
amount  will  be  26,000  gallons. 

But  even  this  is  not  the  whole  of  the  wet  house- 
refuse  of  London. 

There  are,  in  addition,  the  excreta  of  the 
inhabitants  of  the  houses.  These  are  said  to  average 
^  lb.  daily  per  head,  including  men,  women,  and 
children. 

It  is  estimated  by  Bousingault,  and  confirmed 
by  Liebig,  that  each  individual  produces  {  lb.  of 
solid  excrement  and  1^  lb.  of  liquid  excrement 
per  day,  making  1^  lb.  each,  or  150  lbs.  per  100 
individuals,  of  semi-liquid  refuse  from  the  water- 
closet  "  But,"  says  the  Surveyor  of  the  Me- 
tropolitan Commission  of  hewers,  "  there  is  other 
refuse  resulting  from  culinary  operations,  to  be 
conveyed  through  the  drains,  and  the  whole  may 
be  about  250  lbs.  for  100  persons." 

The  more  fluid  part  of  this  refuse,  however,  is 
included  in  the  quantity  of  water  before  given,  so 
that  there  remains  only  the  more  solid  excremen- 
titious  matter  to  add  to  the  previous  total.  This, 
then,  is  \  lb.  daily  and  individually  ;  or  from  the 
metropolitan  population  of  nearly  2,500,000  ^ 
daily  supply  of  600,000  lbs.,  rather  more  tluin 
267  tons ;  and  a  yearly  aggregate  for  the  whole 
metropolis  of  219,000,000  lbs.,  or  Tery  nearly 
about  100,000  tons. 

From  the  foregoing  account,  then,  the  following 
is  shown  to  be 


Tlie  Gross  Quantity  of  the  Wet  House-R^use  of 
[the  Metropolis. 

Gallons.  Lbs. 

"  Slops  "  and  unab- 
sorbed  rain-water. . . .       24,000,000,000  =  24a,0OO,0OO,000 

Blood  of  beasts 2,(546,000  =  2(5,460,000 

horses....  26,000=  260,000 

Excreta 219,000,000 

Dung  of    slaugh- 
tered cattle   17.400,000 

Total 24,0<)2,C57,()(H)  =  240,263,120,000 

Hence  we  may  conclude  that  the  more  fluid 
portion  of  the  wet  house-refuse  of  London  amounts 
to  24,000,000,000  gallons  per  anniun ;  and  that 
altogether  it  weighs,  in  round  numbers,  about 
240.000,000,000  lbs.,  or  100,000,000  tons. 

As  these  refuse  products  are  not  so  much 
matters  of  trade  or  sale  as  other  commodities,  of 
course  less  attention  has  been  given  to  them,  in 
the  commercial  attributes  of  weight  and  admea- 
surement. I  will  endeavour,  however,  to  present 
an  uniform  table  of  the  whole  great  mass  of  me- 
tropolitan wet  house-refuse  in  cubic  inches. 

The  imperial  standard  gallon  is  of  the  capacity 
of  277*274  cubic  inches ;  and  estimating  the  solid 
excrement  spoken  of  &€  the  ordinary  weight  of 
earth,  or  of  the  soil  of  the  land,  at  18  cubic  feet 
the  ton,  we  have  the  following  result,  calculating 
in  roimd  numbers  : — 

Wet  House-Refuse  of  the  Metropolis. 

Liquid  . .  24,000,000,000  gal.  =  6,600,000,000,000  cub.  in. 
Solid 100,000  tons  =  3,110,400,000      „ 

Thus,  by  this  process  of  admeasurement,  we 
find  the 

Wkt  HousE-RKFtJ8E\  =6,603,110,400,000  cubic  in.,  or 
OK  LoNBON /  \         3,1(20,000,000  cubic  feet. 

Figures  best  show  the  extent  of  this  refuse, 
"  inexpressible "  to  common  appreciation  "  by 
numbers  that  have  name." 


Of  the  Means  op  Removing  the  Wet 
House- REFUSE. 

Whetuer  this  mass  of  filth  be,  zymotically,  the 
cause  of  cholera,  or  whether  it  be  (as  cannot  be 
be  questioned)  a  means  of  agricultural  fertility, 
and  therefore  of  national  wealth,  it  vmst  be  re- 
moved. I  need  not  dilate,  in  explaining  a  necessity 
which  is  obvious  to  every  man  with  uncoriupted 
physical  senses,  and  with  the  common  moral  sense 
of  decency. 

"  Dr.  Paley,"  it  is  said,  in  a  recent  Report  to  the 
Metropolitan  Commission  of  Sewers,  "gave  to 
Burckhardt  and  other  travellers  a  set  of  instruc- 
tions as  to  points  of  observation  of  the  manners 
and  conditions  of  the  populations  amongst  whom 
they  travelled.  One  of  the  leading  instructions 
was  to  observe  how  they  disposed  of  their  excreta, 
for  what  they  did  with  that  showed  him  what 
men  were ;  he  also  inquired  what  structure  they 
had  to  answer  the  purpose  of  a  privy,  and  what 
were  their  habits  in  respect  to  it.  This  informa- 
tion Dr  Paley  desired,  not  for  popular  use,  but  for 
himself,  for  he  was  accustomed  to  say,  that  the 
facts  connected  with  that  topic  gave  him  more 


386 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


information  as  to  the  real  condition  and  ciTilisation 
of  a  population  than  most  persons  would  be  aware 
of.  It  would  inform  him  of  their  real  habits  of 
cleanliness,  of  real  decency,  self-respect,  and  con- 
nected moral  habits  of  high  social  importance.  It 
would  inform  him  of  the  real  state  of  police,  and 
of  local  administration,  and  mucli  of  the  general 
government. 

"  The  human  ordure  which  defiles  the  churches, 
the  bases  of  public  edifices  and  works  of  art  in 
Rome  and  Naples,  and  the  Italian  cities,  gives 
more  sure  indications  of  the  real  moral  and  social 
position  of  the  Italian  population  than  any  im- 
pressions derived  from  the  edifices  and  works  of 
art  themselves. 

"  The  subject,  in  relation  to  which  the  Jewish 
lawgiver  gave  most  particular  directions,  is  one  on 
which  the  serious  attention  and  labour  of  public 
administrators  may  be  claimed." 

The  next  question,  is  —  How  is  the  Avet  house- 
refuse  to  be  removed  ? 

There  are  two  ways : — 

1.  One  is,  to  transport  it  to  a  river,  or  some 
powerfully  current  stream  by  a  series  of 
ducts. 

2.  The  other  is,  to  dig  a  hole  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  house,  there  collect  the 
wet  refuse  of  the  household,  and  when 
the -hole  or  pit  becomes  full,  remove  the 
contents  to  some  other  part. 

In  London  the  most  obvious  means  of  getting 
rid  of  a  nuisance  is  to  convey  it  into  the  Thames, 
Nor  has  this  been  done  in  London  only.  In  Paris 
the  Seine  is  the  receptacle  of  the  sewage,  but, 
comparatively,  to  a  much  smaller  extent  than  in 
London.  The  faecal  deposits  accumulated  in  the 
houses  of  the  French  capital  are  drained  into 
"  fixed"  and  "  moveable"  cesspools.  The  contents 
of  both  these  descriptions  of  cesspools  (of  which  I 
shall  give  an  account  when  I  treat  of  the  cesspool 
system)  are  removed  periodically,  under  the  direc- 
tion of  the  government,  to  large  receptacles,  called 
voiries,  at  Montfaucon,  and  the  Forest  of  Bondy, 
where  such  refuse  is  made  into  portable  manure. 
The  evils  of  this  system  are  not  a  few ;  but  the 
river  is  spared  the  greater  pollution  of  the  Thames. 
Neither  is  the  Seine  swayed  by  the  tide  as  is  the 
Thames,  for  in  London  the  very  sewers  are 
afifected  by  the  tidal  influence,  and  are  not  to  be 
entered  until  some  time  before  or  after  high-water. 
I  need  not  do  more,  for  my  present  inquiry,  than 
allude  to  the  LiflPj',  the  Clyde,  the  Humber,  and 
others  of  the  rivers  of  the  United  Kingdom,  being 
used  for  purposes  of  sewerage,  as  channels  to 
carry  off  that  of  which  the  kw  prohibits  the 
retention. 

Of  the  folly,  not  to  say  wickedness,  of  this 
principle,  there  can  be  no  doubt.  The  vegetation 
which  gives,  demands  food.  The  grass  will  wither 
without  its  fitting  nutriment  of  manure,  as  the 
sheep  would  perish  without  the  pasturage  of  the 
grass.  Nature,  in  temperate  and  moist  climates, 
is,  80  to  speak,  her  own  manurer,  her  own  re- 
storer. The  sheep,  which  are  as  wild  and  active 
as  gojits,  manure  the  Cumberland  fells  in  which 
they  feed.     In  the  more  cultivated  sheep-walks 


(or,  indeed,  in  the  general  pasturage)  of  the 
northern  and  some  of  the  midland  counties, 
women,  with  a  wooden  implement,  may  be  conti- 
nually seen  in  the  later  autumn,  or  earlier  and 
milder  winter,  distributing  the  "  stercoraceous 
treasure,"  as  Cowper  calls  it,  which  the  animals, 
to  use  the  North  Yorkshire  word,  have  "  dropped," 
as  well  as  any  extraneous  manure  which  may 
have  been  spread  for  the  purpose.  As  population 
and  the  demand  for  bread  increase,  the  need  of 
extraneous  manures  also  increases  ;  and  Nature  in 
her  beneficence  has  provided  that  the  greater  the 
consumption  of  food,  the  greater  shall  be  the 
promoters  of  its  reproduction  by  what  is  loath- 
some to  man,  but  demanded  by  vegetation.  Lie- 
big,  as  I  shall  afterwards  show  more  fully,  contends 
that  many  an  arid  and  desolate  region  in  the  East, 
brown  and  burnt  with  barrenness,  became  a  deso- 
lation because  men  understood  not  the  restoration 
which  all  nature  demands  for  the  land.  He  de- 
clares that  the  now  desolate  regions  of  the  East 
had  been  made  desolate,  because  "  the  inhabitants 
did  not  understand  the  art  of  restoring  exhausted 
soil."  It  would  be  hopeless  now  to  form,  or 
attempt  to  form,  the  "  hanging  gardens,"  or  to 
display  the  rich  florescence  "round  about  Baby- 
lon," to  be  seen  when  Alexander  the  Great  died 
in  that  city.  The  Tigris  and  Euphrates,  before 
and  after  their  junction,  Liebig  maintains,  have 
carried,  and,  to  a  circumscribed  degree,  still  carry, 
into  the  sea  "  a  sufficient  amount  of  manure  for 
the  reproduction  of  food  for  millions  of  human 
beings."  It  is  said  that,  "  could  that  matter 
only  be  arrested  in  its  progress,  and  converted 
into  bread  and  wine,  fruit  and  beef,  mutton  and 
wool,  linen  and  cotton,  then  cities  might  flourish 
once  more  in  the  desert,  where  men  are  now  dig- 
ging for  the  relics  of  primitive  civilization,  and 
discovering  the  symbols  of  luxury  and  ease  beneath 
the  barren  sand  and  the  sunburnt  clay." 

This  is  one  great  evil;  but  in  our  metropolis  there 
is  a  greater,  a  far  greater,  beyond  all  in  degree, 
even  if  the  same  abuse  exist  elsewhere.  What 
society  with  one  consent  pronounces  filth — the  eva- 
cuations of  the  human  body — is  not  only  washed 
into  the  Thames,  and  the  land  so  deprived  of  a  vast 
amount  of  nutriment,  but  the  tide  washes  these  eva- 
cuations back  again,  with  other  abominations.  The 
water  we  use  is  derived  almost  entirely  from  the 
Thames,  and  therefore  the  water  in  which  we  boil 
our  vegetables  and  our  meat,  the  water  for  our  coffee 
and  tea,  the  water  brewed  for  our  consumption,  comes 
to  us,  and  is  imbibed  by  us,  impregnated  over  and 
over  again  with  our  own  animal  offal.  We  import 
guano,  and  drink  a  solution  of  our  own  faeces  :  a 
manure  which  might  be  made  far  more  valuable 
than  the  foreign  guano. 

Such  are  a  few  of  the  evils  of  making  a  com- 
mon sewer  of  the  neighbouring  river. 

The  other  mode  of  removal  is,  to  convey  the 
wet  house-refuse,  by  drains,  to  a  hole  near  the 
house  where  it  is  produced,  and  empty  it  periodi- 
cally when  full. 

The  house-drainage  throughout  London  has  two 
characteristics.  By  one  system  all  excrementitious 
and  slop  refuse  generally  is  carried  usually  along 


LONDOy  LABOUR  AND' TEE  LONDO^i'  POOR. 


387 


brick  drains  from  the  water-closets,  privies,  sinks, 
lavatories,  &c.,  of  the  houses  into  the  cesspools, 
where  it  accumulates  until  its  removal  (by  manual 
labour)  becomes  necessary,  which  is  not,  as  an 
average,  more  than  once  in  two  years.  By  the 
other,  and  the  newer  system,  all  the  house-refuse 
is  drained  into  the  public  sewer,  the  cesspool 
system  being  thereby  abolished.  AH  the  houses 
built  or  rebuilt  since  lS-18  are  constructed  on  the 
last-mentioned  principle  of  drainage. 

The  first  of  these  modes  is  cesspoolage. 
The  second  is  sewerage. 

I  shall  first  deal  with  the  sewerage  of  the  me- 
tropolis. 


Of  the  QxrAKTiTY  op  Metropolitan 
Sewage. 

Having  estimated  the  gross  quantity  of  wet  house- 
refuse  produced  throughout  London  in  the  course 
of  the  year,  and  explained  the  two  modes  of  re- 
moving it  from  the  immediate  vicinity  of  the 
house,  I  will  now  proceed  to  set  forth  the  qriantity 
of  wet  house-refiise  matter  which  it  has  been 
ascertained  is  removed  with  the  contents  of  Lon- 
don sewers. 

An  experiment  was  made  on  the  average  dis- 
charge of  sewage  from  the  outlets  of  Church- 
lane  and  Smith-street,  Chelsea,  Ranelagh,  King's 
Scholar's-pond,  Grosvenor-wharf,  Horse  ferry-road, 
Wood-street,  King-street,  Northumberland-street, 
Durham-yard,  Norfolk-street,  and  Essex-street 
(the  four  last-mentioned  places  running  from  the 
Strand).  The  experiments  were  made  "under 
ordinary  and  extraordinary  circumstances,"  in  the 
months  of  May,  June,  and  July,  1844,  but  the 
system  is  still  the  same,  so  that  the  result  in  the 
iarestigation  as  to  the  sewage  of  the  year  1844 
may  be  taken  as  a  near  criterion  of  the  present, 
as  regards  the  localities  specified  and  the  general 
quantity. 

The  snr&ce  drained  into  the  ontlets  before 
enumerated  covers,  in  its  total  area,  about  7000 
acres,  of  which  nearly  3500  may  be  cLissed  as 
urban.  The  observations,  moreover,  were  made 
generally  during  fine  weather. 

I  cannot  do  better  by  way  of  showing  the 
reader  the  minuteness  with  which  these  observa- 
tions were  made,  than  by  quoting  the  two  follow- 
ing resnlts,  being  those  of  the  fullest  and  smallest 
discbarges  of  twelve  issues  into  the  river.  I  must 
premise  that  these  experiments  ^v*re  made  on 
seTen  occasions,  from  May  4  to  July  12  inclusive, 
and  made  at  diflSsrent  times,  but  generally  about 
eight  hours  aiW  high  water.  In  the  Northumber- 
land-street sewer,  from  which  was  the  largest  issue, 
tJ,,.  ,..:.i.i.  „f  .1 „ .1. I,..  ....„  fj^.g  fggt_ 

In  ■  lischarge, 

as  .  ;th  of    the 

sewer  was  four  fe«t.     The  width,  however,  does 

not  affect  the  question,  as  there  was  a  greater 

iuue  from  tbe  Norfolk-street  sewer  of  two  feet, 

than  from  the  King-street  Mwer  of  four  feet  in 
width. 


NoRTmjMBERLAND    STREET. 

Velocity  iier 

Quantity  discharged 

Date. 

second. 

per  second. 

Feet. 

Cubic  Feet. 

May   4    . 

4-600 

10-511000 

.,     9    . 

4-000 

6-800000 

June  5    . 

4-000 

6-800000 

„    10    . 

4-600 

10-350000 

„    11    . 

4-920 

12-300000 

,.    16    . 

3-600 

5-940000 

July  12    . 

2-760 

3-394800 

56-095800 

Being  Mean   Discharge  per 

second 

. 

8-013685 

Ditto  per  24  hours     . 

692382- 

Kino  Street. 


May  4    . 

•147 

•021756 

„     9    . 

•333 

•079920 

June  5    . 

•170 

•020400 

„  10    . 

-311 

•064688 

„  11    . 

•300 

■048000 

„    16    . 

•101 

•004040 

July  12    . 

•103 

•008240 

•247044 

Mean  Discharge  per 

second   . 

•035292 

Ditto           per 

24  hours 

K.  3049- 

Here  we  find  that  the  mean  discharge  per 
second  was,  from  the  Northumberland-street 
sewer,  692,382^  cubic  feet  per  24  hours,  and  from 
the  King-street  sewer,  3049  cubic  feet  per  24 
hours. 

The  discharge  from  the  principal  outlets  in  the 
Westminster  district  "being  the  mean  of  seven 
observations  taken  during  the  summer,"  was 
1,798,094  cubic  feet  in  24  hours ;  the  number  of 
acres  drained  was  '7006.  Tlie  mean  discharge 
per  acre,  in  the  course  of  24  hours,  wa^  foimd  to 
be  about  256  cubic  feet,  comprising  the  urban 
and  suburbaii  parts. 

The  sewage,  from  the  discharge  of  which 
this  calculation  was  derived — and  the  dryness  of 
the  weather  must  not  be  lost  sight  of-^may  be 
fairly  assiuned  as  derived  (in  a  dry  season)  almost 
entirely  from  artificial  sources  or  house  drainage, 
as  there  was  no  rain-full,  or  but  little.  "Sup- 
posing, therefore,"  the  Report  states,  "  Vie  entire 
surface  to  be  urban,  we  liave  540  cubic  feet  as 
tfie  mean  daily  discharge  per  acre.  If,  however, 
the  average  be  taken  of  the  first  eight  outlets, 
viz.,  from  Kssex-street  to  Grosvenor-wharf  in- 
clusive, which  drain  a  surfjaco  wholly  urban,  the 
result  is  1260  cubic  feet  per  acre  in  the  24  hours. 
This  excess  may  be  attributed  to  tho  number  of 
manufactories,  and  tho  densely-populated  nature 
of  the  locality  drained;  but,  as  indicative  of  the 
general  amount  of  sewage  due  to  ordinary  urban 
districts,  the  former  ought  perhaps  to  be  con- 
sideied  tbe  fairer  average." 


388 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


It  is  then  assumed — I  may  say  officially — that 
the  average  discharge  of  the  urban  and  suburban 
sewage  from  the  several  districts  included 
within  an  area  of  58  square  miles,  is  equal  to 
256  cubic  feet  per  acre. 

Sq.  Miles. 

The  extent  of  the  jurisdiction  included 
within  this  area  is,  on  the  north  side  of 
the  Thames 43 

And  on  the  Suixey  and  Kent  side         .     15 

Cubic  Feet. 

The  ordinary  daily  amount  of 
sewage  discharged  into  the  river  on 
the  north  side  is,  therefore         .         .     7,045,120 

And  on  the  south  side .         .         .     2,457,600 


Making  a  total  of        .        .         .     9,502,720 

Or  a  quantity  equivalent  to  a  surface  of  more 
than  36  acres  in  extent,  and  6  feet  in  depth. 

This  mass  of  sewage,  it  must  be  borne  in  mind, 
is  but  the  daily  product  of  the  sewage  of  the  more 
populous  part  of  the  districts  included  within  the 
jurisdiction  of  the  two  commissions  of  sewers. 

The  foregoing  observations,  calculations,  and 
deductions  have  supplied  the  basis  of  many 
scientific  and  commercial  speculations,  but  it  must 
be  remembered  that  they  were  taken  between 
seven  and  eight  years  ago.  The  observations 
were  made,  moreover,  during  fine  summer  weather, 
generally,  while  the  greatest  discharge  is  during 
rainy  weather.  There  has  been,  also,  an  increase 
of  sewers  in  the  metropolis,  because  an  increase  of 
streets  and  inhabited  houses.  The  approximate 
proportion  of  the  increase  of  sewers  (and  there  is 
no  precise  account  of  it)  is  pretty  nearly  that  of 
the  streets,  lineally.  Another  mattter  has  too, 
of  late  years,  added  to  the  amount  of  sewage — 
the  abolition  of  cesspoolage  in  a  considerable  de- 
greee,  owing  to  the  late  Building  and  Sanitary 
Acts,  so  that  foecal  and  culinary  matters,  which 
were  drained  into  the  cesspool  (to  be  removed  by 
the  nightmen),  are  now  drained  into  the  sewer. 
Altogether,  I  am  assured,  on  good  authority,  the 
daily  discharge  of  the  sewers  extending  over  58 
square  miles  of  the  metropolis  may  be  now  put  at 
10,000,000  cubic  feet,  instead  of  rather  more 
than  nine  and  a  half  millions.    Anfl  this  gives,  as 

Cubic  Feet. 

The  annual  amount  of  discharge 
from  the  sewers .         .         .         .  3,650,000,000 

The  total  amount  of  wet  house- 
refuse,  according  to  the  calculation 
before  given,  is  .         .         .         .  3,820,000,000 


Hence  there  remains 


170,000,000 


Sq.  Miles. 

Now  it  will  be  seen  that  the  total  area 
from  which  this  amount  of  sewage  is  said 
to  be  drained  is 58 

But  the  area  of  London,  according  to 
the  Begistrar-General's  limits,  is      .         .115 

So  that  the  3,650,000,000  cubic  feet  of  sewage 
annually  removed  from  58  square  miles  of  the 
metropolis  refer  to  only  one-half  of  the  entire 
area  of  the  true  metropolis ;  but  it  refers,  at  the 


same  time,  to  that  part  of  London  which  is  the 
most  crowded  with  houses,  and  since,  in  the 
suburbs,  the  buildings  average  about  2  to  the 
acre,  and,  in  the  densest  parts  of  London,  about 
30,  it  is  but  fair  to  assume  that  the  refuse 
would  be,  at  least,  in  the  same  proportion,  and 
this  is  very  nearly  the  fact ;  for  if  we  suppose  the 
58  miles  of  the  suburban  districts  to  yield  twenty 
times  less  sewage  than  the  58  miles  of  the  urban 
districts,  we  shall  have  182,500,000  cubic  feet 
to  add  to  the  3,650,000,000  cubic  feet  before 
given,  or  3,832,500,000  for  the  sewage  of  the 
entire  metropolis. 

It  does  not  appear  that  the  sewage  has  ever 
been  weighed  so  as  to  give  any  definite  result, 
but  calculating  from  the  weight  of  water  (a  gal- 
lon, or  10  lbs.  of  water,  comprising  277'274  cubic 
inches,  and  1  ton  of  liquid  comprising  36  cubic 
feet)  the  total,  from  the  returns  of  the  investiga- 
tion in  1844,  would  be 

Tons. 

Quantity  of  sewage  daily  emptied 
into  the  Thames    ....  278,000 

Ditto  Annually         .         .         .  101,390,000 

In  September,  1849,  Mr.  Banfield,  at  one  time 
a  Commissioner  of  Sewers,  put  the  yearly  quantity 
of  scAvage  discharged  into  the  Thames  at 
45,000,000  tons  ;  but  this  is  widely  at  variance 
with  the  returns  as  to  quantity. 

Of  Ancient  Sewers. 

The  traverser  of  the  London  streets  rarely 
thinks,  perhaps,  of  the  far  extended  subterranean 
architecture  below  his  feet;  yet  such  is  indeed 
the  case,  for  the  sewers  of  London,  with  all  their 
imperfections,  irregularities,  and  even  absurdities, 
are  still  a  great  work  ;  certainly  not  equal,  in  all 
respects,  to  what  once  must  have  existed  in  Rome, 
but  second,  perhaps,  only  to  the  giant  works  of 
sewerage  in  the  eternal  city. 

The  origin  of  these  Roman  sewers  seems  to  be 
wrapped  in  as  great  a  mystery  as  the  foundation 
of  the  city  itself.  The  statement  of  the  Roman  his- 
torians is  that  these  sewers  were  the  works  of  the 
elder  Tarquin,  the  fifth  (apocryphal)  king  of  Rome. 
Tarquin's  dominions,  from  the  same  accounts,  did 
not  in  any  direction  extend  above  sixteen  miles, 
and  his  subjects  could  be  but  banditti,  foragers, 
and  shepherds.  One  conjecture  is,  that  Rome 
stands  on  the  site  of  a  more  ancient  city,  and  that 
to  its  earlier  possessors  may  be  attributed  the 
work  of  the  sewers.  To  attribute  them  to  the 
rudeness  and  small  population  of  Tarquin's  day, 
it  is  contended,  is  as  feasible  as  it  would  be  to 
attribute  the  ruins  of  ancient  Jerusalem,  or  any 
others  in  Asia  Minor,  to  the  Turks,  or  the  ruins 
of  Palmyra  to  the  Arabs,  because  these  people 
enjoy  the  privilege  of  possession. 

The  main  sewer  of  Rome,  the  Cloaca  Maxima, 
is  said  to  have  been  lofty  and  wide  enough  for  a 
waggon  load  of  hay  to  pass  clear  along  it.  An- 
other, and  more  probable  account,  however,  states 
that  it  was  proposed  to  enlarge  the  great  sewer  to 
these  dimensions,  but  it  does  not  appear  to  have 
been  so  enlarged.    Indeed,  when  Augustus  "  made 


THE  SEWER-HUNTER. 

{From  a  Harjuerreotype  hy  Beard.] 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


3S9 


Rome  marble,"  it  was  one  of  his  great  works  also, 
under  the  direction  of  Agrippa,  to  reconstruct,  im- 
prove, and  enlarge  the  sewers.  It  was  a  project 
in  the  days  of  Rome's  greatness  to  turn  seven 
navigable  rivers  into  vast  subterraneous  passages, 
larger  sewers,  along  which  barges  might  pass, 
carrying  on  the  traffic  of  Imperial  Rome.  In  one 
year  the  cost  of  cleansing,  renewing,  and  repairing 
the  sewers  is  stated  to  have  been  1000  talents  of 
gold,  or  upwards  of  192,000^.  Of  the  average 
yearly  cost  we  have  no  information.  Some  ac- 
counts represent  these  sewers  as  having  been  re- 
built after  the  irruption  of  the  Grauls,  In  Livy's 
time  they  were  pronounced  not  to  be  accommo- 
dated to  the  plan  of  Rome.  Some  portions  of 
these  ancient  structures  are  still  extant,  but  they 
seem  to  have  attracted  small  notice  even  from  pro- 
fessed antiquarians ;  their  subterranean  character, 
however,  renders  such  notice  little  possible.  In 
two  places  they  are  still  kept  in  repair,  and  for 
their  original  purpose,  to  carry  oft'  the  filth  of  the 
city,,  but  only  to  a  small  extent. 

Our  legislative  enactments  on  the  subject  of 
sewers  are  ancient  and  numerous.  The  oldest  is 
that  of  9  Henry  III.,  and  the  principal  is  that  of 
23  Henry  VIII.,  commonly  called  the  "  Statute  of 
Sewers."  These  and  many  subsequent  statutes, 
however,  relate  only  to  watercourses,  and  are 
silent  as  regards  my  present  topic — the  Refuse  of 
London. 

It  is  remarkable  how  little  is  said  in  the  Lon- 
don historians  of  the  sewers.  In  the  two  folio 
volumes  of  the  most  searching  and  indefatigable 
of  all  the  antiquarians  who  have  described  the 
old  metropolis,  John  Stow,  the  tailor,  there  is  no 
account  of  what  we  now  consider  sewers,  inclosed 
and  subterranean  channels  for  the  conveyance  of 
the  refuse  filth  of  the  metropolis  to  its  destination 
— the  Thames.  Had  covered  sewers  been  known, 
or  at  any  rate  been  at  all  common,  in  Stow's  day, 
and  he  died  full  of  years  in  1604,  and  had  one  of 
them  presented  but  a  cnmibling  stone  with  some 
heraldic,  or  apparently  heraldic,  device  at  its  out- 
let, Stow's  industry  would  certainly  have  ferreted 
out  some  details.     Such,  however,  is  not  the  case. 

This  absence  of  information  I  hold  to  be  owing 
to  the  fact  that  no  such  sewers  then  existed.  Our 
present  system  of  sewerage,  like  our  present  sys- 
tem of  street-lighting,  is  a  modem  work;  but  it  is 
not,  like  our  gas-lamps,  an  original  English  ^vork. 
We  have  but  followed,  as  regards  our  arched  and 
sabternmeotts  sewerage,  in  the  wake  of  Rome. 

As  I  have  said,  the  early  lam  of  sewers  relate 
to  watercourses,  navigable  communications,  dams, 
ditches,  and  such  like;  there  is  no  doubt,  how- 
ever, that  in  the  heart  of  the  great  towns  the  filth 
of  the  bouses  wa«,  by  rude  contrivances  in  the 
way  of  drainage,  or  natural  fall,  emptied  into  such 
places.  Even  in  the  accounts  of  the  sewers  of 
ancient  Rome,  historians  have  stated  that  it  is 
not  easy,  and  sometimes  not  possible,  to  distin- 
guish between  the  sewers  and  the  aqueducts,  and 
Dr.  Lemon,  in  his  English  Etymology,  speaks  of 
sewers  as  a  species  of  aqueducts.  So,  in  some  of 
our  earlier  AcU  of  Tarliament,  it  is  hardly  possible 
to  distingniah   whether  the  provitioni  to  be  ap- 


plied to  the  management  of  a  sewer  relate  to  a 
ditch  to  which  house-filth  was  carried — to  a 
channel  of  water  for  general  purposes — or  to  an 
open  channel  being  a  receptacle  of  filUi  and  a 
navigable  stream  at  the  same  time. 

That  the  ditches  were  not  sewers  for  the  con- 
veyance of  the  filth  from  the  houses  to  any  very 
great,  or  rather  any  very  general  extent,  may  very 
well  be  concluded,  because  (as  I  have  shown  in 
my  account  of  the  early  scavagers)  the  excremen- 
titious  matter  was  deposited  during  the  night  in 
the  street,  and  removed  by  the  proper  function- 
aries in  the  morning,  or  as  soon  as  suited  their 
convenience.  Though  this  was  the  case  generally, 
it  is  evident  that  the  filth,  or  a  portion  of  it,  from 
the  houses  which  were  built  on  the  banks  of  the 
Fleet  River  (as  it  was  then  called,  as  well  as  the 
Fleet  Ditch),  and  on  the  banks  of  the  othjer 
"  brooks,"  drained  into  the  current  stream.  The 
Corporation  accounts  contain  very  frequent  mention 
of  the  cleansing,  purifying,  and  "  thorough"  cleans- 
ing of  the  Fleet  Ditch,  the  Old  Bourne  (Holbom 
Brook),  the  Wall  Brook,  &c. 

Of  all  these  streams  the  most  remarkable  was 
Fleet  Ditch,  which  was  perhaps  the  first  main 
sewer  of  London.  I  give  from  Stow  the  follow- 
ing curious  account  of  its  origin.  It  is  now  open, 
but  only  for  a  short  distance,  oflfending  the  air  of 
Clerkenwell.  At  one  period  it  was  to  aiford  a 
defence  to  the  City  !  as  the  Tower-moat  was  a 
defence  to  the  Tower,  and  fortress. 

"  The  Ditch,  which  partly  now  remaineth  and 
compassed  the  Wall  of  the  City,  was  begun  to  be 
made  bv  the  Londoners,  in  the  year  1211,  and 
finished*  121 3,  the  15th  of  K.  John.  This  Ditch 
being  then  made  of  200  foot  broad,  caused  no 
small  hindrance  to  the  Canons  of  the  Holy  Trinity, 
whose  Church  stood  near  Maldgate,  for  that  the 
said  Ditch  passed  through  their  Ground  from  the 
Tower  unto  Bishojysgafe. 

"  The  first  Occasion  of  making  a  Ditch  about  the 
City  seems  to  have  been  this :  William,  Bishop 
of  Eh/,  Chancellor  of  England,  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Richard  I.,  made  a  great  Ditch  roinid  about 
the  Tower,  for  the  better  Defence  of  it  against 
John  the  King's  Brother,  the  King  being  then  out 
of  the  Realm.  Then  did  the  City  also  begin  a 
Ditch  to  encompass  and  strengthen  their  Walls 
[which  happened  between  the  Years  1190  and 
1193.]  So  the  Book  DunOiorn.  Yet  the  Register 
of  Bermondsey  writes  that  the  Ditch  was  begun, 
Oct.  15,  1213,  which  was  in  the  Reign  of  King 
John  that  succeeded  to  Ricluird. 

"  This  Ditch  being  originally  ni.ade  for  the 
Defence  of  the  City,  was  also  a  long  time  together 
carefully  cleansed  and  maintained,  as  Need  re- 
quired ;  but  now  of  late  neglected,  .ind  forced 
either  to  a  very  narrow,  and  the  same  a  filthy 
Channel. 

"  In  the  Year  of  Christ,  1354,  28  Ed.  3,  the 
Ditch  of  this  City  flowing  over  the  Bank  into  the 
Tower-ditch,  the  King  commanded  the  said  Ditch 
of  the  City  to  be  cleansed,  and  so  ordered,  that 
the  overflowing  thereof  should  not  force  any  Filth 
into  the  Tower-ditch. 

"  Anno,  1879,  John  Philpot,  Maior  of  London, 


390 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


caused  this  Ditch  to  be  cleansed,  and  every 
Houshold  to  pay  5d.,  which  was  a  Day's  Work 
toward  the  Charges  thereof. 

"  Ralph  Joseiine,   Maior,    1477,   caused    the 

whole    Ditch   to  be   cast  and   cleansed 

In  1519,  the  10th  of  Henry  8,  for  cleansing  and 
scouring  the  common  Ditch,  between  Aldgate, 
and  the  Postern  next  the  Tower-ditch ;  the  chief 
Ditcher  had  by  the  day  *ld.,  the  Second  Ditcher, 
%d,  the  other  Ditchers,  5t£.  And  every  Vagabond 
(for  as  they  were  then  termed)  \d.  the  Day,  Meat 
and  Drink,  at  the  Charges  of  the  City,  Sura 
95/.  3s.  U. 

"  Fleet  Ditch  was  again  cleansed  in  the  Year 
1549,"  Stow  continues,  ^' Henry  Ancoates  heing 
Maior,  at  the  Charges  of  the  Companies.  And 
again  1569,  the  11th  of  Queen  Elizabeth ;  for 
cleansing  the  same  Ditch  between  Ealdgaie  and 
the  Postern,  and  making  a  new  Sewer  and  Wharf 
of  Timber,  from  the  Head  of  the  Postern  into  the 
Toiccr-ditch,  814/.  155.  8(/.  (was  disbursed).  Before 
the  which  Time  the  said  Ditch  lay  open,  without 
either  Wall  or  Pall,  having  therein  great  Store  of 
very  good  Fish,  of  divers  Sorts,  as  many  men  yet 
living,  who  have  taken  and  tasted  them,  can  well 
witness.  But  now  no  such  matter,  the  Charge  of 
Cleansing  is  spared,  and  great  Profit  made  by 
letting  out  the  Banks,  with  the  Spoil  of  the  whole 
Ditch." 

The  above  information  appeared,  but  I  am  un- 
able to  specify  the  year  (for  Stow's  works  went 
through  several  editions,  though  it  is  to  be  feared 
he  died  very  poor)  between  1582  and  1590.  So 
did  the  following  : — 

"  At  this  Day  there  be  no  Ditches  or  Boggs  in 
the  City  except  the  said  Fleet-ditch,  but  instead 
thereof  large  common  Dreiris  and  Sewers,  made  to 
carry  away  the  water  from  the  Postern-Gate, 
between  the  two  Tower-hills  to  Fleet-bridge  with- 
out Ludgate." 

Great,  indeed,  is  the  change  in  the  character  of 
the  capital  of  England,  from  the  times  when  the 
Fleet  Ditch  was  a  defence  to  the  city  (which  was 
then  the  entire  capital)  ;  and  from  the  later  era, 
when  ''great  store  of  very  good  fish  of  divers  sorts," 
rewarded  the  skill  or  the  patience  of  the  anglers 
or  netters ;  but  this,  it  is  evident,  was  in  the  parts 
near  the  river  (the  Tower  postern,  &c.),  and  at 
that  time,  or  about  that  time,  there  was  salmon- 
fishing  in  the  Thames,  at  least  as  far  up  as  Hun- 
gerford  Wharf. 

The  Fleet  Ditch  seems  always  to  have  had  a 
stwery  character.     It  was  described,  in  1728,  as 

"  The  king  of  dvkes !  than  whom  no  sluice  of  mud 
With  deeper  sable  blots  the  silver  flood—" 

the  silver  flood  being,  in  Queen  Anne's  and  the 
First  George's  days,  the  London  Thames.  This 
silver  has  been  much  alloyed  since  that  time. 

Until  within  these  40  or  60  years,  open  sewer- 
ditches,  into  which  drains  were  emptied,  and 
ordure  and  refuse  thrown,  were  frequent,  espe- 
cially in  the  remoter  parts  of  Lambeth  and  New- 
ington,  and  some  exist  to  this  day  ;  one  especially, 
open  for  a  considerable  distance,  flowing  along  the 
back  of  the  houses  in  the  Westminster-road,  on 


the  right-hand  side  towards  the  bridge,  into 
which  the  neighbouring  houses  are  drained.  The 
"  Black  Ditch,"  a  filthy  sewer,  until  lately  was 
open  near  the  Broadwall,  and  other  vicinities  of 
the  Blackfriars-road.  The  open  ditch-sewers  of 
Norwood  and  Wandsworth  hare  often  been 
spoken  of  in  Sanitary  Reports.  Indeed,  some  of 
our  present  sewers,  in  addition  to  Fleet  River 
and  Wall  Brook,  are  merely  ditches  rudely  arched 
over. 

The  first  covered  and  continuous  street  sewer 
was  erected  in  London — I  think,  without  doubt — 
Avhen  Wren  rebuilt  the  capital,  after  the  great 
fire  of  1666.  Perhaps  there  is  no  direct  evidence 
of  the  fact,  for,  although  the  statutes  and  Privy 
Council  and  municipal  enactments,  Consequent  on 
the  rebuilding  of  the  capital,  required,  more  or  less 
peremptorily,  "fair  sewers,  and  drains,  and  water- 
courses," it  is  not  defined  in  these  enactments  what 
was  meant  by  a  *'  sewer;"  nor  were  they  carried 
out. 

I  may  mention,  as  a  further  proof  that  open 
ditches,  often  enough  stagnant  ditches  also,  were 
the  first  London  sewers,  that,  after  1666,  a  plan, 
originally  projected,  it  appears,  by  Sir  Leonard 
Halliday,  Maior,  60  years  previously,  and  stre- 
nuously supported  at  that  time  by  Nic  Leate,  "  a 
worthy  and  grave  citizen,"  was  revived  and  re- 
considered. This  project,  for  which  Sir  Leonard 
and  Nic  Leate  "  laboured  much,"  was  "  for  a 
river  to  be  brought  on  the  north  of  the  city  into 
it,  for  the  cleansing  the  sewers  and  ditches,  and 
for  the  better  keeping  London  wholesome,  sweet, 
and  clean."  An  admirable  intention  ;  and  it  is 
not  impossible  nor  improbable  that  in  less  than 
two  centuries  hence,  we,  of  the  present  sanitary 
era,  may  be  accounted,  for  our  sanitary  measures, 
as  senseless  as  we  now  account  good  Sir  Leonard 
Halliday  and  the  worthy  and  grave  Nic  Leate. 
These  gentlemen  cared  not  to  brook  filth  in  their 
houses,  nor  to  be  annoyed  by  it  in  the  nightly 
pollution  of  the  streets,  but  they  advocated  its  in- 
jection into  running  water,  and  into  water  often 
running  slowly  and  difficultly,  and  continually 
under  the  eyes  and  noses  of  the  citizens.  We,  I 
apprehend,  go  a  little  further.  We  drink,  and 
use  for  the  preparation  of  our  meals,  the  befouled 
water,  which  they  did  not ;  for,  more  than  seven- 
eighths  of  our  water-supply  from  the  companies  is 
drawn  from  the  Thames,  the  main  sewer  of  the 
greatest  city  in  the  world,  ancient  or  modem, 
into  which  millions  of  tons  of  every  description  of 
refuse  are  swept  yearly. 

Of  the  Kinds  and  Charaoteeistics  op 
Sewers. 

The  sewers  of  London  may  be  arranged  into  two 
distinct  groups — according  to  the  side  of  the 
Thames  on  which  they  are  situate. 

Now  the  essential  difference  between  these 
two  classes  of  sewers  lies  in  the  elevation  of  the 
several  localities  whence  the  sewers  carry  the 
refuse  to  the  Thames. 

The  chief  differences  in  the  circumstances  of 
the  people  north  and  south  of  the  river  are  shown 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


391 


in  the  annexed  table  from  the  Eegistrar-General's 
returns  : — 


North 

South 

side  of 

side  of 

London. 

the 

the 

River. 

River. 

Elevation  of  the  ground. 

in  feet,  above  Trinity 

high- water  mark 

39 

51 

5 

Density,   or    number   of 

persons    to    an    acre, 

1S49 

30 

52 

14 

Deaths  from  Cholera  to 

10,000  persons  living. 

in   60  weeks,   ending 

Nov.  24,  1849  . 

66 

44 

127 

Deaths   from   all  causes 

_  annually    to     10,000 

persons    (5000    males, 

5000   females)   living, 

during    the  7    years, 

1838-44   . 

252 

251 

257 

Here,  it  will  be  seen,  that  while  the  houses  on 
the  north  side  of  the  river  stand,  on  an  average, 
51  feet  above  the  high-water  mark  of  the  Thames, 
those  on  the  south  side  are  only  5  feet  above  it. 
The  effect  of  this  is  shown  most  particularly  in 
the  deaths  from  cholera  in  1849,  which  were 
nearly  three  times  as  many  on  the  south  as  on  the 
north  side  of  the  Thames.  It  is  said,  officially, 
that  "of  the  15  square  miles  of  the  Urban 
district  on  the  south  side  of  the  river  Thames, 
three  miles  are  from  six  to  seven  feet  below  high- 
water  mark,  so  that  the  locality  may  be  said  to  be 
drained  only  for  four  hours  out  of  the  twelve,  and 

during  these  four  hours  very  imperfectly 

When  the  tide  rises  above  the  orifices  of  the 
sewers,  the  whole  drainage  of  the  district  is 
stopped  until  the  tide  recedes  again,  rendering 
the  whole  system  of  sewers  in  Kent  and  Surrey 
only  an  articulation  of  cesspools." 

That  this  is  but  the  fact,  the  following  table  of 
the  elevation  in  feet  above  the  Trinity  high-water 
mark,  as  regards  the  several  districts  on  the  Surrey 
side  of  the  Thames,  may  be  cited  as  evidence. 


Eleva- 

Eleva- 

tion. 

tion. 

Lewisham . 

.   28 

St.  Olave    .         .  2 

Wandsworth 

.  22 

Bermondsey        .  0 

Greenwich. 

.     8 

Rotherhithe         .  0 

Camberwell 

.     4 

St.  George's  (South- 
wark)     .         .  0 

Lambeth     . 

.     3 

St.  Saviour  (South- 

Newington  (below 

wark)     . 

.    2 

high  water)     ,  2 

From  these  returns,  made  by  Capt.  Dawson, 
R.E.,  the  difficulty,  to  use  no  stronger  word, 
attending  the  sewerage  of  the  Surrey  district  is 
shown  at  once.  There  is  no  flow  to  be  had,  or — 
the  word  more  generally  used,  no  rxin  for  the 
Mwage.  In  parts  of  the  north  of  Ent^land  it  used 
to  be  a  general,  and  still  is  a  partial,  saying 
among  country-people  who  are  figuratively  de- 
scribing what  they  account  impossible.  "  Ay, 
when  ]     WKcn  water  runs  up  bank."     This  i«  a 


homely  expression  of  the  difficulties  attending  the 
Surrey  sewerage. 

There  is,  as  regards  these  Surrey,  more  than 
the  Kent,  sewers,  another  evil  which  promotes 
the  "articulation  of  cesspools."  Some  of  these 
sewers  have  "  dead-ends,"  like  places  which  in  the 
streets  (a  parallel  case  enough)  are  known  as  "  no 
thoroughfare,"  and  in  these  sewers  it  is  seldom,  in 
any  state  of  the  tide,  that  flushing  can  be  re- 
sorted to ;  consequently  these  cesspool-like  sewers 
remain  uncleansed,  or  have  to  be  cleansed  by 
manual  labour,  the  matter  being  drawn  up  into 
the  street  or  road. 

The  refuse  conduits  of  the  metropolis  are  of  two 
kinds  : — 

1.  Sewers. 
^.  Drains. 

These  two  classes  of  refuse-charts  are  often 
confounded,  even  in  some  official  papers,  the 
sewer  being  there  designated  the  "  main  drain." 
All  sewerage  is  undoubtedly  drainage,  but  there 
is  a  manifest  distinction  between  a  sewer  and  a 
drain. 

The  First- Class  Sewers,  which  are  generally 
termed  "  main  sewers,"  and  run  along  the  centres 
of  the  first-class  streets  (first-class  alike  from  the 
extent  or  populousness  of  such  streets),  may  be 
looked  upon  as  underground  rivers  of  refuse,  to 
which  the  drains  are  tributary  rivulets.  No 
sewer  exists  unconnected  with  the  drains  from  the 
streets  and  houses ;  but  many  house-drains  are 
constructed  apart  from  the  sewers,  communicating 
only  with  the  cesspools.  Even  where  houses  are 
built  in  close  contiguity  to  a  public  sewer,  and 
built  after  the  new  mode  without  cesspools,  there 
is  always  a  drain  to  the  sewer ;  no  house  so 
situated  can  get  rid  of  its  refuse  except  by  means 
of  a  drain  ;  unless,  indeed,  the  house  be  not 
drained  at  all,  and  its  filth  be  flung  down  a  gully- 
hole,  or  got  rid  of  in  some  other  way. 

These  drains,  all  with  a  like  determination, 
differ  only  in  their  forms.  They  are  barrel-shaped, 
made  of  rounded  bricks,  or  earthenware  pipeage, 
and  of  an  interior  between  a  round  and  an  oval, 
with  a  diameter  of  from  2  to  6  inches,  although 
only  a  few  private  houses,  comparatively,  are 
so  drained.  The  barrel  drain  of  larger  dimen- 
sions, is  used  in  the  newer  public  buildings  and 
larger  public  mansions,  when  it  represents  a  sort 
of  house  or  interior  sewer  as  well  as  a  house  main 
drain,  for  smaller  drains  find  their  issue  into  the 
barrel-drain.  There  is  the  barrel-drain  in  the  new 
Houses  of  Parliament,  and  in  large  places  which 
cover  the  site  of,  and  are  required  for  the  purposes 
of  several  houses  or  oflices.  The  tubular  drain  is 
simply  piping,  of  which  I  have  spoken  fully  in 
my  account  of  the  present  compulsory  mode  of 
house  drainage.  The  third  drain,  one  more  used 
to  carry  refuse  to  the  cesspool  than  the  sewer,  but 
still  carrying  such  refuse  to  jthc  sewers,  is  the  old- 
fashioned  brick  drain,  generally  9  inches  square. 

I  shall  first  deal  with  the  sewerage,  and  then 
with  the  house  and  street  drainage. 

The  sewer  is  a  twofold  receptacle  of  refuse ; 
into  it  are  conveyed  the  wet  refuse  not  only  of 
many  of  the  houses,  but  of  all  the  streets. 


392 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  slop  or  surface  water  of  the  streets  is  con- 
veyed to  the  sewer  by  means  of  smaller  sewers  or 
street-drains  running  from  the  "  kennel"  or 
channel  to  the  larger  sewers. 

In  the  streets,  at  such  uncertain  distances  as 
the  traffic  and  circumstances  of  the  locality  may 
require,  are  gully-holes.  These  are  openings  into 
the  sewer,  and  were  formerly  called,  as  they  were, 
simply  gratings,  a  sort  of  iron  trapdoors  of  grated 
bars,  clumsily  made,  and  placed  almost  at  random. 
On  each  side.of  the  street  was,  even  into  the  present 
century,  a  very  formidable  channel,  or  kennel,  as 
it  was  formerly  written,  into  which,  in  heavy  rains, 
the  badly-scavaged  street  dirt  was  swept,  often 
demanding  a  good  leap  from  one  who  wished  to 
cross  in  a  hurrj'.  These  '"kennels"  emptied 
themselves  into  ^the  gratings,  which  were  not  un- 
frequently  choked  up,  and  the  kennel  was  then  an 
utter  nuisance.  At  the  present  time  the  channel 
is  simply  a  series  of  stone  work  at  the  edge  of 
the  footpaths,  blocks  of  granite  being  sloped  to 
meet  more  or  less  at  right  angles,  and  the  flow 
from  the  inclination  from  the  centre  of  the  street 
to  the  channel  is  carried  along  without  impedi- 
men  or  nuisance  into  the  gully-hole. 

The  gully-hole  opens  into  a  drain,  running,  with 
a  rapid  slope,  into  the  sewer,  and  so  the  wet 
refuse  of  the  streets  find  its  vent. 

In  many  courts,  alleys,  lanes,  &c.,  inhabited  by 
the  poor,  where  there  is  imperfect  or  no  drainage 
to  the  houses,  all  the  slops  from  the  houses  are 
thrown  down  the  gully-holes,  and  frequently 
enough  blood  and  offal  are  poured  from  butchers' 
premises,  which  might  choke  the  house  drain. 
There  have,  indeed,  been  instances  of  worthless 
street  dirt  (slop)  collected  into  a  scavager's  vehicle 
being  shot  down  a  gully-hole. 

The  sewers,  as  distinct  from  the  drains,  are  to  be 
divided  principally  into  three  classes,  all  devoted 
to  the  same  purpose — the  conveyance  of  the  un- 
derground filth  of  the  capital  to  the  Thames — and 
all  connected  by  a  series  of  drains,  afterwards  to 
be  described,  with  the  dwelling-houses. 

The  first-class  sewers  are  found  in  the  main 
streets,  and  flow  at  their  outlets  into  the  river. 

The  second-class  sewers  run  along  the  second- 
class  streets,  discharging  their  contents  into  a 
first-class  sewer ;  and 

The  third-class  sewers  are  for  the  reception  of 
the  sewage  from  the  smaller  streets,  and  always 
communicate,  for  the  voidance  of  their  contents, 
with  a  sewer  of  the  second  or  first  description. 

As  regards  the  destination  of  the  sewers,  there 
is  no  difference  between  the  Middlesex  and 
Surrey  portions  of  the  metropolis.  The  sewage 
is  all  floated  into  the  river. 

The  first-class  sewers  of  the  modern  build 
rarely  exceed  50  inches  by  30  in  internal  dimen- 
sions ;  the  second  class,  40  inches  by  24 ;  the 
third,  30  inches  by  18. 

Smaller  class  or  branch  sewers,  from  No.  4  to 
No.  8  inclusive,  also  form  part  of  the  great  sub- 
terranean filth-channels  of  the  metropolis.  It  is 
only,  however,  the  three  first-mentioned  classes 
which  can  be  described  as  in  any  way  principal 
sewers ;  the  others  are  in  the  capacity  of  branch 


sewers,  the  ramifications  being  in  many  places 
very  extensive,  while  pipes  are  often  used.  The 
dimensions  of  these  smaller  sewers,  when  pipes 
are  not  used,  are — No.  4,  20  inches  by  12; 
No.  6,  Vl\  inches  bv  10.^ ;  No.  6,  15  inches  by 
9  ;  No.  7,  12  inches'^by  7^ ;  and  No.  8,  9  inches 
by  6. 

These  branch  sewers  may,  from  their  circum- 
scribed dimensions,  be  looked  upon  as  mere 
channels  of  connection  with  the  larger  descrip- 
tions j  but  they  present,  as  I  have  intimated,  an 
important  part  of  the  general  system.  This  may 
be  shown  by  the  fact,  that  in  the  estimates  for 
building  sewers  for  the  improvement  of  the 
drainage  of  the  city  of  Westminster  (a  plan,  how- 
ever, not  carried  out),  the  estimated,  or  indeed 
surveyed,  run  of  the  first  class  was  to  be  8118 
feet ;  of  the  second  class,  4524  feet ;  of  the  third, 
but  2086  feet ; .  while  of  the  No.  5  and  No.  6 
description,  it  was,  respectively,  18,709  and 
53,284  feet.  The  branch  sewers  may,  perhaps, 
be  represented  in  many  instances  as  public  drains 
connecting  the  sewer  of  the  street  with  the  issue 
from  the  houses,  but  I  give  the  appellation  I  find 
in  the  reports. 

The  dimensions  I  have  cited  are  not  to  be 
taken  as  an  average  size  of  the  existing  sewers  of 
the  metropolis  on  either  side  of  the  Thames,  for 
no  average  size  and  no  uniformity  of  shape  can  be 
adduced,  as  there  has  been  no  uniformity  ob- 
served. The  sewers  are  of  all  sizes  and  shapes, 
and  of  all  depths  from  the  surface  of  the  streets. 
I  was  informed  by  an  engineering  authority  that 
he  had  often  seen  it  asserted  that  the  naval 
authorities  of  the  kingdom  could  not  build  a  war- 
steamer,  and  it  might  very  well  be  said  that  the 
sanitary  authorities  of  the  metropolis  could  not 
build  a  sewer,  as  none  of  the  present  sewers  could 
be  cited  as  in  all  respects  properly  fulfilling  all 
the  functions  required.  But  it  must  be  remem- 
bered that  the  present  engineers  have  to  contend 
j  with  great  difficulties,  the  whole  matter  being  so 
j  complicated  by  the  blunderings  and  mismanage- 
I  ment  of  the  past.  ' 

!  The  dimensions  I  have  cited  (because  they 
appear  officially)  exceed  the  medium  size  of  the 
newer  sewerage,  the  average  height  of  the  first 
class  being  in  such  sewers  about  3  feet  9  inches. 

Of  tlte  width  of  the  sewers,  as  of  the  height,  no 
precise  average  can  be  drawn.  Perhaps  that  of 
the  New  Palace  main,  or  first-class  sewer,  3  feet 
6  inches,  may  be  nearest  the  average,  while  the 
smaller  classes  diminish  in  their  width  in  the 
proportions  I  have  shown.  The  sewers  of  the 
older  constructions  nearly  all  widen  and  deepen 
as  they  near  the  outlet,  and  this  at  no  definite 
distance  from  the  river,  but  from  a  quarter  of  a 
mile  or  somev/hat  less  to  a  mile  and  more.  Sqpe 
such  sewers  are  then  14  feet  in  width;  some  20 
feet,  and  no  doubt  of  proportionate  height,  but  I 
do  not  find  that  the  height  has  been  ascertiiined. 
For  flushing  purposes  there  are  recesses  of  greater 
or  less  Avidth,  according  to  the  capacity  of  the 
sewer,  where  sluice-gates,  &c,,  can  be  fixed,  and 
water  accumulated. 

Under  the  head  of  "Subterranean  Survey  of 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


393 


the  Sewers,"  will  be  found  some  account  of  the 
different  dimensions  of  the  sewers. 

The  form,  of  the  interior  of  the  severs  (as  shown 
in  the  illustrations  I  have  given)  is  irregularly 
elliptical.  They  are  arched  at  the  summits,  and 
more  or  less  hollowed  or  curved,  internally,  at  the 
bottom.  The  bottom  of  the  sewer  is  called  the 
"invert,"  from  a  general  resemblance  in  the  con- 
struction to  an  "inverted"  arch.  The  lest  form 
of  invert  is  a  matter  which  has  attracted  great 
engineering  attention.  It  is,  indeed,  the  impor- 
tant part  of  the  sewer,  as  the  part  along  which 
there  is  the  flow  of  sewage;  and  the  superior 
or  inferior  formation  of  the  invert,  of  course, 
^cilitates  or  retards  the  transmission  of  the  con- 
tents. 

A  few  years  back,  the  building  of  egg-shaped, 
or  "oviform"  sewers,  was  strongly  advocated.  It 
was  urged  that  the  flow  of  the  sewage  and  the 
sewer-water  was  accelerated  by  the  invert  (espe- 
cially) being  oviform,  as  the  matter  Avas  more 
condensed  when  such  was  the  shape  adopted, 
while  the  more  the  matter  was  diffused,  as  in 
some  of  the  inverts  of  the  more  usual  form  of 
sewers,  the  less  rapid  was  its  flow,  and  conse- 
quently the  greater  its  deposit 

"What  extent  of  egg-shaped  sewers  are  now,  so 
to  speak,  at  w^ork,  I  could  not  ascertain.  One 
informant  thought  it  might  be  somewhere  about 
50  miles. 

The  following  interesting  account  of  the  velo- 
cities of  streams,  with  a  relativeness  to  sewers,  is 
extracted  from  the  evidence  of  Mr.  Phillips  : —  . 

"  The  area  of  surface  that  a  sewer  will  drain, 
and  the  quantity  of  water  that  it  will  discharge  in 
a  given  time,  will  be  greater  or  less  in  proportion 
as  the  channel  is  inclined  from  a  horizontal  to  a 
vertical  position.  The  ordinary  or  common  run 
of  water  in  each  sewer,  due  from  house  drainage 
alone,  and  irrespective  of  rain,  should  have  suffi- 
dcnt  velocity  to  prevent  the  usual  matter  dis- 
charged into  the  sewer  from  depositing.  For  this 
purpose,  it  is  necessarj'  that  there  should  be  in 
each  sewer  a  contant  velocity  of  current  equal  to 
24  feet  per  second,  or  IJ  mile  per  hour."  Mr. 
Phillips  then  states  that  the  inclinations  of  all 
rivulets,  &c.,  diminish  as  they  progress  to  their 
outfalls.  "  If  the  force  of  the  waters  of  the  river 
Khone,"  he  has  said,  "  were  not  absorbed  by  the 
operation  of  some  constant  retardation  in  its 
coarse,  the  stream  would  have  shot  into  the  Bay 
of  Marseilles  with  the  tremendous  velocity  of 
164  mile*  oTery  hour.  Even  if  the  Thames  met 
with  BO  system  of  impediments  in  its  course,  the 
stream  would  have  rushed  into  the  sea  with  a 
velocity  of  80  feet  per  second,  or  54  i  miles  in  an 

hour The  inclinations  of  the  sewers 

of  a  natural  district  should  be  made  to  diminish 
firom  their  heads  to  their  outfalls  in  a  correspond- 
ing ratio  of  jngnmon,  to  that  as  the  body  of 
water  is  increased  at  each  confluence,  one  and  the 
same  velocity  and  force  of  current  may  be  kept  up 
throughout  the  whole  of  them." 

Mr.  Phillips  advocates  a  tubular  system  of 
sewerage  and  drainage. 

The  main  lewer,  which  has  lately  called  forth 


the  most  public  attention  and  professional  con- 
troversy, is  that  connected  with  the  new  Houses  of 
Parliament,  or  as  they  are  called  in  divers  reports 
and  correspondence,  the  "  New  Palace  at  West- 
minster." 

The  worJcmanship  in  Vie  building  of  the  sercers 
is  of  every  quality.  The  material  of  which  some 
of  the  older  sewers  are  constructed  is  a  porous 
sort  of  brick,  which  is  often  foimd  crumbling  and 
broken,  and  saturated  with  damp  and  rottenness, 
from  the  exhalations  and  contact  of  their  contents. 
The  sewers  erected,  however,  within  the  last 
twenty,  and  more  especially  within  the  last  ten 
years,  are  sometimes  of  granite,  but  generally  of 
the  best  brick,  with  an  interior  coating  of  endur- 
ing cement,  and  generally  with  concrete  on  their 
exterior,  to  protect  them  from  the  dampness  and 
decaying  qualities  of  the  superincumbent  or  la- 
teral soil. 

The  depth  of  the  seioers — I  mean  firom  the  top 
of  the  sewer  to  the  surface  of  the  street — seems 
to  vary  as  everything  else  varies  about  them. 
Some  are  found  forty  feet  below  the  street,  some 
iico  feet,  some  almost  level!  These,  how- 
ever, are  exceptions ;  and  the  average  depth  of 
the  sewers  on  the  Middlesex  side  is  from  twelve 
to  fourteen  feet ;  on  the^Surrey  side,  from  six  to 
eight  feet.  The  reason  is  that  the  north  shores  of 
the  metropolis  are  above  the  tide  level,  the  south 
shores  are  below  it. 

An  authority  on  the  subject  has  said,  "  The 
Surrey  sewers  are  bad,  owing  principally  to  the 
land  being  below  tide  level.  They  were  the  most 
expensively  constructed,  because,  perhaps,  in  that 
Commission  the  surveyors  were  paid  by  percent- 
age on  the  cost  of  works.  When  it  was  proposed, 
in  the  Westminster  Commission,  to  effect  a  reduc- 
tion of  four-fifths  in  the  cost,  it  was  like  a  propo- 
sition to  return  the  ofticers'  salaries  to  that  extent, 
if  they  had  been  paid  in  that  way." 

The  reader  may  have  observed  that  the  official 
intelligence  I  have  given  all,  or  nearly  all,  refers 
to  the  "  Westminster  and  part  of  Middlesex " 
Commission,  and  to  that  of  the  "  Surrey  and 
Kent."  This  is  easily  accounted  for.  In  the 
metropolitan  districts,  up  to  1847,  the  only  Com- 
mission which  published  its  papers  was  the  West- 
minster, of  which  Mr.  L.  C.  Hertslet  had  the 
charge  as  clerk ;  when  the  Commissions  were  con- 
solidated in  1847,  he  printed  the  Westminster  and 
Surrey  only,  the  others  being  of  minor  import- 
ance. 

I  may  observe  that  one  of  the  engineers,  in 
showing  the  difficulty  or  impossibility  of  giving 
any  description  of  a  system  of  sewerage,  as  to 
points  of  agreement  or  difference,  represents  the 
whole  mass  as  but  a  "detached  parcel  of  sewers." 

Tl>£  course  of  the  sewers  is  in  no  direct  or 
uniform  line,  with  the  exception  of  one  character- 
istic— all  their  bearings  are  towards  the  river  as 
regards  the  main  sewers  (first-class),  and  all  the 
bearings  of  the  second-class  sewers  are  towards 
the  main  sewers  in  the  main  streets.  The  smaller 
chisses  of  sewers  fill  up  the  great  area  of  London 
sewerage  with  a  perfect  network  of  intersection 
and  connection,  and  even  this  network  is  increased 


394 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


manyfold  by   its    connection    with    the    house- 
drains. 

There  is  no  map  of  the  general  sewerage  of  the 
metropolis,  merely  "  sections "  and  "  plans"  of 
improvements  making  or  suggested,  in  the  reports 
of  the  surveyors,  &c.,  to  the  Commissioners  ;  but 
did  a  map  of  subterranean  London  exist,  with  its 
lines  of  every  class  of  sewerage  and  of  the  drain- 
age which  feeds  the  sewers ;  with  its  course, 
moreover,  of  gas-pipes  and  water-pipes,  with  their 
connection  with  the  houses,  the  streets,  the  courts, 
&c.,  it  would  be  the  most  curious  and  skeleton- 
like map  in  the  world. 

Of  the  Subterranean  Character  op  tue 
Sewers. 
In  my  inquiries  among  that  curious  body  of  men, 
the  "  Sewer  Hunters,"  I  found  them  make  light 
of  any  danger,  their  principal  fear  being  from  the 
attacks  of  rats  in  case  they  became  isolated  from 
the  gang  with  whom  they  searched  in  common, 
while  they  represented  the  odour  as  a  mere  no- 
thing in  the  way  of  unpleasantness.  But  these 
men  pursued  only  known  and  (by  them)  beaten 
tracks  at  low  water,  avoiding  any  deviation,  and 
so  becoming  but  partially  acquainted  with  the 
character  and  direction  of  the  sewers.  And  had 
it  been  otherwise,  they  are  not  a  class  competent 
to  describe  what  they  saw,  however  keen-eyed 
after  silver  spoons. 

The  following  account  is  derived  chiefly  from 
official  sources.  I  may  premise  that  where  the 
deposit  is  found  the  greatest,  the  sewer  is  in  the 
worst  state.  This  deposit,  I  find  it  repeatedly 
stated,  is  of  a  most  miscellaneous  character.  Some 
of  the  sewers,  indeed,  are  represented  as  the 
dust-bins  and  dung-hills  of  the  immediate  neigh- 
bourhood. The  deposit  has  been  found  to  com- 
prise all  the  ingredients  from  the  breweries,  the 
gas-works,  and  the  several  chemical  and  mineral 
manufactories ;  dead  dogs,  cats,  kittens,  and  rats  ; 
ofial  from  slaughter-houses,  sometimes  even  in- 
cluding the  entrails  of  the  animals ;  street-pave- 
ment dirt  of  every  variety ;  vegetable  refuse ; 
stable-dung ;  the  refuse  of  pig-styes ;  night-soil ; 
ashes ;  tin  kettles  and  pans  (pansherds) ;  broken 
stoneware,  as  jars,  pitchers,  flower-pots,  &c. ; 
bricks;  pieces  of  wood;  rotten  mortar  and  rub- 
bish of  diiferent  kinds;  and  even  rags.  Our 
criminal  annals  of  the  previous  century  show 
that  often  enough  the  bodies  of  murdered  men 
were  thrown  into  the  Fleet  and  other  ditches, 
then  the  open  sewers  of  the  metropolis,  and  if 
found  washed  into  the  Thames,  they  were  so 
stained  and  disfigured  by  the  foulness  of  the  con- 
tents of  these  ditches,  that  recognition  was 
often  impossible,  so  that  there  could  be  but  one 
verdict  returned — "  Found  drowned."  Clothes 
stripped  from  a  murdered  person  have  been,  it 
was  authenticated  on  several  occasions  in  Old 
Bailey  evidence,  thrown  into  the  open  sewer 
ditches,  when  torn  and  defaced,  so  that  they 
might  not  supply  evidence  of  identity.  So  close 
is  the  connection  between  physical  filthiness  in 
public  matters  and  moral  wickedness. 
-    The  following   particulars    show   the   charac- 


teristics of  the  underground  London  of  the  sewers. 
The  subterranean  surveys  were  made  after  the 
commissions  were  consolidated. 

"  An  old  sewer,  running  between  Great  Smith- 
street  and  St.  Ann-street  (Westminster),  is  a 
curiosity  among  sewers,  although  it  is  probably 
only  one  instance  out  of  many  similar  construc- 
tions that  will  be  discovered  in  the  course  of  the 
subterranean  survey.  The  bottom  is  formed  of 
planks  laid  upon  transverse  timbers,  6  inches  by 
6  inches,  about  3  feet  apart.  The  size  of  the 
sewer  varies  in  width  from  2  to  6  feet,  and 
from  4  to  5  feet  in  height.  The  inclination 
ot  the  bottom  is  very  irregular :  there  are  jumps 
up  at  two  or  three  places,  and  it  contains  a  de- 
posit of  filth  averaging  9  inches  in  depth,  the 
sickening  smell  from  which  escapes  into  the 
houses  and  yards  that  drain  into  it.  In  many 
places  the  side  walls  have  given  way  for  lengths 
of  10  and  15  feet.  Across  this  sewer  timbers 
have  been  laid,  upon  which  the  external  wall  of  a 
workshop  has  ^been  built ;  the  timbers  are  in  a 
decaying  state,  and  should  they  give  way,  the 
wall  will  fall  into  the  sewer." 

From  the  further  accounts  of  this  survey,  I  find 
that  a  sewer  from  the  Westminster  Workhouse, 
which  was  of  all  shapes  and  sizes,  was  in  so 
wretched  a  condition  that  the  leveller  could 
scarcely  work  for  the  thick  scum  that  covered  the 
glasses  of  the  spirit-level  in  a  few  minutes  after 
being  wiped.  "At  the  outfall  into  the  Dean- 
street  sewer,  it  is  3  feet  6  inches  by  2  feet  8 
iiMjhes  for  a  short  length.  From  the  end  of  this, 
a  wide  sewer  branches  in  each  direction  at  right 
angles,  5  feet  8  inches  by  5  feet  5  inches.  Pro- 
ceeding to  the  eastward  about  30  feet,  a  chamber 
is  reached  about  30  feet  in  length,  from  the  roof 
of  which  hangings  of  putrid  matter  Like  stalac- 
tites descend  three  feet  in  length.  At  the  end  of 
this  chamber,  the  sewer  passes  under  the  public 
privies,  the  ceilings  of  which  can  be  seen  from  it. 
Beyond  this  it  is  not  possible  to  go." 

"  In  the  Lucas-street  sewer,  where  a  portion  of 
new  work  begins  and  the  old  terminates,  a  space 
of  about  10  feet  has  been  covered  with  boards, 
which,  having  broken,  a  dangerous  chasm  has 
been  caused  immediately  under  the  road." 

"The  West-street  sewer  had  one  foot  of  de- 
posit. It  was  flushed  while  the  levelling  party 
was  at  work  there,  and  the  stream  was  so  rapid 
that  it  nearly  washed  them  away,  instrument  and 
all." 

There  are  further  accounts  of  "  deposit,"  or  of 
"  stagnant  filth,"  in  other  sewers,  varying  from  6 
to  14  inches,  but  that  is  insignificant  compared  to 
what  follows. 

The  foregoing,  then,  is  the  pith  of  the  first 
authentic  account  which  has  appeared  in  print  of 
the  actually  surveyed  condition  of  the  subter- 
ranean ways,  over  which  the  super-terranean 
tides  of  traffic  are  daily  flowing. 

The  account  I  have  just  given  relates  to  the 
(former)  Westminster  and  part  of  Middlesex  dis- 
trict on  the  north  bank  of  the  Thames,  as  ascer- 
tained under  the  Metropolitan  Commission.  I 
now   give   some    extracts    concerning  a   similar 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


395 


sorvey  on  the  south  bank,  in  different  and  distant 
directions  in  the  district,  once  the  "  Surrey  and 
Kent."  The  Westminster,  &c.,  survey  took  place 
in  1848;  the  Kent  and  Surrey  in  1849.  In  the 
one  case,  72  miles  of  sewers  were  surveyed ;  in 
the  other,  69J  miles. 

"  The  surveyors  (in  the  Surrey  and  Kent 
Bewers)  find  great  difficulty  in  levelling  the 
Bfiwers  of  this  district  (I  give  the  words  of  the 
Report) ;  for,  in  the  first  place,  the  deposit  is 
usually  about  two  feet  in  depth,  and  in  some 
cases  it  amounts  to  nearly  jive  feet  of  putrid  mat- 
ter. The  smell  is  usually  of  the  most  horrible 
description,  the  air  being  so  foul  that  explosion 
and  choke  damp  are  verj-  frequent.  On  the  12th 
January  we  were  very  nearly  losing  a  whole  party 
by  choke  damp,  the  last  man  being  dragged  out 
on   his   back   (through  two  feet   of  black   foetid 

deposits)  in  a  stote  of  insensibility Two 

men  of  one  party  had  also  a  narrow  escape  from 
drowning  in  the  Alscot-road  sewer,  Rotherhithe. 

"  The  sewers  on  the  Surrey  side  are  very  irre- 
gular; even  where  they  are  inverted  they  fre- 
quently have  a  number  of  steps  and  inclinations 
the  reverse  way,  causing  the  deposit  to  accumulate 
in  elongated  cesspools. 

*'•  It  must  be  considered  very  fortunate  that  the 
subterranean  parties  did  not  first  commence  on 
the  Surrey  side,  for  if  such  had  been  the  case,  we 
should  most  undoubtedly  have  broken  down. 
When  compared  with  Westminster,  the  sewers  are 
•mailer  and  more  full  of  deposit ;  and,  bad  as  the 
smell  is  in  the  sewers  in  Westminster,  it  is  infi- 
nitely worse  on  the  Surrey  side." 

Several  details  are  then  given,  but  they  are 
only  particulars  of  the  general  facts  I  have  stated. 

The  following,  however,  are  distinct  fects  con- 
cerning this  branch  of  the  subject. 

In  my  inquiries  among  the  working  scavagers 
I  often  heard  of  their  emptying  street  slop  into 
sewers,  andjthe  following  extract  shows  that  I  was 
not  misinformed : — 

"  The  detritus  from  the  macadamized  roads 
frequently  forms  a  kind  of  grouting  in  the  sewers 
so  hard  that  it  cannot  be  removed  without  hand 
labour. 

"  One  of  the  sewers  in  Whitehall  and  another  in 
Spring-gardens  have  from  three  to  four  feet  of 
this  sort  of  deposit ;  and  another  in  Eaton-square 
was  found  filled  up  within  a  few  inches  of  the 
'soffit,*  but  it  is  supposed  that  the  scavengers 
(scavagers)  emptied  the  road-sweepings  down  the 
gnlly-grate  in  this  instance;"  and  in  other  in- 
stances, too,  there  is  no  doubt — especially  at 
Charing  Cross,  and  the  Regent  Circus,  Piccadilly. 

Concerning  the  sewerage  of  the  most  aris- 
tocratic paru  of  the  city  of  Westminster,  and  of 
the  fashionable  squares,  &c.,  to  the  north  of  Ox- 
ford street,  I  glean  the  following  particulars 
(reported  in  1849).  They  show,  at  any  rate, 
that  the  patrician  quarters  have  not  been  unduly 
favoored  ;  that  there  has  been  no  partiality  in  the 
construction  of  the  sewerage.  In  the  Belgrave 
and  Eaton-square  districts  there  arc  many  faulty 
places  in  the  sewers  which  abound  with  noxious 
matter,  in  many  instaocas  stopping  up  t'  -  i-   -r- 


drains  and  "  smelling  horribly."  It  is  much  the 
same  in  the  Grosvenor,  Hanover,  and  Berkeley- 
square  localities  (the  houses  in  the  squares  them- 
selves included).  Also  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Covent-garden,  Clare-market,  Soho  and  Fitzroy- 
squares ;  while  north  of  Oxford-street,  in  and 
about  Cavendish,  Bryanstone,  Manchester,  and 
Portman-squares,  there  is  so  much  rottenness  and 
decay  that  there  is  no  security  for  the  sewers 
I  standing  from  day  to  day,  and  to  flush  them  for 
j  the  removal  of  their  "most  loathsome  deposit" 
might  be  "  to  bring  some  of  them  down  alto- 
gether." 

One  of  the  accounts  of  a  subterranean  survey 
1  concludes  with  the  following  rather  curious  state- 
ment : — •'  Throughout  the  new   Paddington  dis- 
I  trict  the  neighbourhood  of  Hyde   Park  Gardens, 
j  and  the  costly  squares  and   streets  adjacent,  the 
sewers   abound    with    the   foulest   deposit,   from 
which  the  most  disgusting  effluvium  arises ;  in- 
deed, amidst  the  whole  of  the  Westminster  Dis- 
trict of  Sewers  the  onbj  little  spot  which  can  be 
mentioned  as  being  in  at  all  a  satisfactory  state  is 
the  Seven  Dials." 

I  may  point  out  also  that  these  very  curious 
and  authenticated  accounts  by  no  means  bear  out 
the  zymotic  •  doctrine  of  the  Board  of  Health  as 
to  the  cause  of  cholera ;  for  where  the  zymotic 
influences  from  the  sewers  v/ere  the  worst,  in  the 
patrician  squares  of  what  has  been  called  Bel- 
gravia  and  Tybumia,  the  cholera  was  the  least 
destructive.  This,  however,  is  no  reason  what- 
ever why  the  stench  should  not  be  stifled. 

Of  the   House-Drainagb  of  the  Metropolis 

AS   CONifECTED    WITH    THE    SeWERS. 

Evert  house  built  or  rebuilt  since  the  passing  of 
the  Metropolitan  Sewers  Act  in  1848,  must  be 
drained,  with  an  exception,  which  I  shall  specif}', 
into  a  sewer.  The  law,  indeed,  divested  of  its 
technicalities  is  this  :  the  owner  of  a  newly- 
erected  house  must  drain  it  to  a  sewer,  without 
the  intervention  of  a  cesspool,  if  there  be  a  sewer 
within  100  feet  of  the  site  of  the  house ;  and,  if 
necessary,  in  places  but  partially  built  over,  such 
owner  must  continue  the  sewer  along  the  pre- 
mises, and  make  the  necessary  drain  into  it ;  all 
being  done  under  the  approval  of  the  proper 
officer  under  the  Commissioners.  If  there  be, 
however,  an  established  sewer,  along  the  side, 
front,  or  back  of  any  house,  a  covered  drain  must 
be  made  into  that  at  the  cost  of  the  owner  of  the 
premises  to  be  drained.  "  Where  a  sewer,"  says 
the  46th  section  of  the  Act,  "shall  already  be 
made,  and  a  drain  only  shall  be  required,  the 
party  is  to  pay  a  contribution  towards  the  original 
expense  of  the  sewer,  if  it  shall  have  been  made 
within  thirty-five  years  before  the  4th  of  Septem- 
ber,   1848,    the  contribution  to  be  paid    to  the 

builder  of  the  sewer." "In  cases  where 

there  shall  be  no  sewer  into  which  a  drain  could 
be  made,  the  party  must  make  a  covered  drain  to 
lead  into  a  cesspool  or  other  place  (not  under  a 
house)  as  the  Commissioners  may  direct.  If  the 
parties  infringe  this  rule,  the  Commissioners  may 


396 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


do  the  work  and  throw  the  cost  on  them  in  the 
nature  of  an  improvement  rate,  or  as  charges  for 
default,  and  levy  the  amount  by  distress." 

I  mention  these  circumstances  more  particularly 
to  show  the  extent,  and  the  far-continued  ramifica- 
tion, of  the  subterranean  metropolis,  I  am 
assured  by  one  of  the  largest  builders  in  the 
western  district  of  the  capital  that  the  new  regu- 
lations (as  to  the  dispensing  with  cesspools)  are 
readily  complied  with,  as  it  is  a  recommendation 
which  a  house  agent,  or  any  one  letting  new  pre- 
mises, is  never  slow  to  advance  ("  and  when  it 's 
the  truth,"  he  said,  "  they  do  it  with  a  better 
grace  "),  that  there  will  be  in  the  course  of  occupancy 
no  annoyance  and  no  expense  incurred  in  the  clear- 
ing away  of  cesspoolage. 

I  shall  at  present  describe  only  the  house- 
drainage,  which  is  connected  with  the  public 
sewerage.  The  old  mode  of  draining  a  house 
separately  into  the  cesspool  of  the  premises  will, 
of  course,  be  described  under  the  head  of  cess- 
poolage, and  that  old  system  is  still  very  pre- 
valent. 

At  the  times  of  passing  both  general  and  local 
Acts  concerning  buildings,  town  improvements  and 
extensions,  the  erection  of  new  streets  and  the 
removal  of  old,  much  has  been  said  and  written 
concerning  better  systems  of  ventilating,  warming, 
and  draining  dwelling-houses ;  but  until  after  the 
first  outbreak  of  cholera  in  England,  in  1832, 
little  public  attention  was  given  to  the  great 
drainage  of  all  the  sewers.  However,  on  the 
passing  of  the  Building  and  Sanitary  Acts  gene- 
rally, the  authorities  made  many  experiments, 
not  so  much  to  improve  the  system  of  sewerage 
as  of  house-drainage,  so  as  to  make  the  dwelling- 
houses  more  wholesome  and  sweet. 

To  effect  this,  the  great  object  was  the  aboli- 
tion of  the  cesspool  system,  under  which  filth 
must  accumulate,  and  where,  from  scamped  build- 
vings  or  other  causes,  evaporation  took  place,  the 
effects  of  the  system  were  found  to  be  vile  and 
offensive,  and  have  been  pronounced  miasmatic. 
Having  just  alluded  to  these  matters,  I  proceed  to 
describe  the  modemly-adopted  connection  of 
house-drainage  and  street-sewerage. 

Experiments,  as  I  have  said,  were  set  on  foot 
under  the  auspices  of  public  bodies,  and  the 
opinions  of  eminent  engineers,  architects,  and 
surveyors  were  also  taken.  Their  opinions  seem 
really  to  be  concentrated  in  the  advocacy  of  one 
remedy — improved  house -drainage  ;  and  they 
appear  to  have  agreed  that  the  system  which  is 
at  present  adopted  is,  under  the  circumstances,  the 
best  that  can  be  adopted. 

I  was  told  also  by  an  eminent  practical  builder, 
perfectly  unconnected  with  any  official  or  public 
body,  and,  indeed,  often  at  issue  with  surveyors, 
&c.,  that  the  new  system  was  unquestionably  a 
great  improvement  in  every  respect,  and  that 
some  years  before  its  adoption  as  at  present  he 
had  abetted  such  a  system,  ^nd  had  carried  it 
into  effect  when  he  could  properly  do  so. 

I  will  first  show  the  mode  and  then  the  cost  of 
the  new  system. 

I  find  it  designated  "  back,"  "  front,"  "  tubu- 


lar," and  "pipe"  house-drainage,  and  all  with  the 
object  of  carrying  off  all  faeces,  soil  water,  cess- 
pool matter,  &c.,  before  it  has  had  time  to  accu- 
mulate. It  is  not  by  brick  or  other  drains  of 
masonry  that  the  system  is  carried  out  or  is  re- 
commended to  be  carried  out,  but  by  means  of 
tubular  earthenware  pipes ;  and  for  any  efficient 
carrying  out  of  the  projected  improvement  a 
system  of  constant,  and  not  as  at  present  inter- 
mittent, supply  of  water  from  the  several  com- 
panies would  be  best.  These  pipes  communicate 
with  the  nearest  sewer.  The  pipes  in  the 
tubular  drainage  are  of  red  earthenware  or  stone- 
ware (pot). 

The  use  of  earthenware,  clay,  or  pot  pipes  for 
the  conveyance  of  liquids  is  very  ancient.  Mr. 
Stirrat,  a  bleacher  in  Paisley,  in  a  statement  to 
the  Board  of  Health,  mentioned  that  clay  pipes 
were  used  in  ancient  times.  King  Hezekiah 
(2nd  Book  of  Kings,  chap.  20,  and  2nd  Book  of 
Chronicles,  chap.  32)  brought  in  water  from  Je- 
rusalem. "  His  pool  and  conduit,"  said  Mr. 
Stirrat,  "are  still  to  be  seen.  The  c»nduit  is 
three  feet  square  inside,  built  of  freestone, 
strongly  cemented;  the  stone,  fifteen  inches  thick, 
evidently  intended  to  sustain  a  considerable  pres- 
sure ;  and  I  have  seen  pipes  of  clay,  taken  by  a 
friend  from  a  house  in  the  ruins  of  the  ancient 
city,  of  one  inch  bore,  and  about  seven  inches  in 
diameter,  proving  evidently,  to  my  mind,  that 
ancient  Jerusalem  was  supplied  with  water  on 
the  principle  of  gravitation.  The  pools  or  re- 
servoirs are  also  at  this  day  in  tolerably  good 
order,  one  of  them  still  filled  with  water;  the 
other  broken  down  in  the  centre,  no  doubt  by 
some  besieging  enemy,  to  cut  off  the  supply  to 
the  city," 

The  new  system  to  supply  the  place  of  the 
cesspools  is  a  combined,  while  the  old  is  princi- 
pally a  sejmrate,  system  of  house-drainage;  but 
the  new  system  is  equally  available  for  such 
separate  drainage. 

As  regards  the  success  of  this  system  the  re- 
ports say  experiments  have  been  tried  in  so  large 
a  number  of  houses,  under  such  varied  and,  in 
many  cases,  disadvantageous  circumstances,  that 
no  doubts  whatsoever  can  remain  in  the  minds  of 
competent  and  disinterested  persons  as  to  the 
efficient  self-cleansing  action  of  well-adjusted 
tubular  drains  and  sewers,  even  without  any  addi- 
tional supplies  of  water. 

Mr.  Lovick  said  : — 

"  A  great  number  of  small  4-inch  tubular  drains 
have  been  laid  down  in  the  several  districts,  some 
for  considerable  periods.  They  have  been  found 
to  keep  themselves  clear  by  the  ordinary  soil  and 
drainage  waters  of  the  houses.  I  have  no  doubt 
that  pipes  of  this  kind  will  keep  themselves  clear 
by  the  ordinary  discharge  of  house-drainage ; 
assuming,  of  course,  a  supply  of  water,  pipes  of 
good  form,  and  materials  properly  laid,  and  with 
fair  usage." 

"One  of  the  earliest  illustrations  of  the  tubular 
system,"  it  is  stated  in  a  Eeport  of  the  Board  of 
Health,  "  was  given  in  the  improved  drainage  of  a 
block  of  houses  in  the  cloisters  of  Westminster, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


397 


which  had  been  the  seat  of  a  severe  epidemic  fever. 
The  cesspools  and  the  old  drains  were  filled  up, 
and  an  entire  system  of  tubular  drainage  and 
sewerage  substituted  for  the  service  of  that  block 
of  houses. 

"  The  Dean  of  Westminster,  in  a  letter  on  the 
state  of  this  drainage,  says,  *  I  beg  to  report  to 
the  Commissioners  that  the  success  of  the  entire 
new  pipe-drainage  laid  down  in  St.  Peter's  Col- 
lege during  the  last  twelve  months  has  been  com- 
plete. I  consider  this  experiment  on  drainage 
and  sewage  of  about  fifteen  houses  to  afford  a 
triumphant  proof  of  the  efficacy  of  draining  by 
pipes,  and  of  the  £su:ility  of  dispeiising  entirely 
with  cesspools  and  brick  sewers.'  Up  to  this  time 
they  hare  acted,  and  continue  to  act,  perfectly. 

"  Mr.  Morris,  a  surveyor  attached  to  the  Me- 
tropolitan Sewers  Commission,  gives  the  following 
account  of  the  action  of  trial  works  of  improved 
house- drainage : — 

'•  *  I  have  introduced  the  new  4 -inch  tubular 
house-drains  into  some  houses  for  the  trustees  of 
the  parish  of  Poplar,  with  water-closets,  and  have 
received  no  just  cause  of  complaint.  In  every 
instance  where  I  have  applied  it,  I  found  the 
system  answer  extremely  well,  if  a  sufficient 
quantity  of  water  has  been  used. 

" '  The  answer  of  the  householders  as  to  the 
eflfect  of  the  new  drainage  has  invariably  been 
that  they  and  their  families  have  been  better  in 
health;  that  they  were  formerly  annoyed  with 
smells  and  effluvia,  from  which  they  are  now 
quite  free, 

"  'Since  the  new  drain^e  has  been  laid  down 
there  has  been  only  occasion  to  go  on  the  ground 
to  examine  it  once  for  the  whole  year,  and  that 
was  from  the  inefficiency  of  the  water  service. 
It  was  found  that  zags  had  been  thrown  down 
and  had  got  into  the  pipe ;  and  further,  that  very 
little  water  had  been  used,  so  that  the  stoppage 
was  the  fault  of  the  tenant,  not  of  the  system.' " 

Mr.  (xotto,  the  engineer,  having  stated  that  in 
a  plan  for  the  improvement  of  Goulston-street, 
Whitechapel,  not  only  was  the  removal  of  all 
cesspools  contemplated,  but  also  the  substitution 
of  water-closet  apparatus,  gave  the  following  esti- 
mate of  tfie  cost,  provided  the  pipes  were  made 
and  the  work  done  by  contract  under  the  Com- 
missioners of  Sewers  : — 

Water-eloset  Apparaitis,  Jcc 

£    s.    d. 

Emptying,  &c.,  cesspool      .         .0120 

Diggiitg,diu;.,  fur  S-feet  pipe  drain, 
at  4</ 

Making  good  to  walls  and  floor  of 
water<les«t  over  drain,  at  Zd. 

8  feet  run  of  4 'inch  pipe,  at  3d. 

Laying  ditto,  ut2d.   . 

Extra  for  juDctiwi 

Fixing  ditto       .... 

^yater-clo8et  apparatus,  with  stool 
cock      ..... 

Fixing  ditto       ... 

Contimgtnae*  (10  per  cet 


0     2 


1  16    0 


£  s.  d. 

Brought  forward      .         .     1  16  0 
The  yard  sink  and  drain  would 

cost      .' 0  11  2 

Kitchen  sink  and  drain       .         .     0  15  7i 


So  that  the  cost  of  hack  draining 
one  house,  including  water-closet, 
would  be 3 


n 


The  front  tubular  drainage  of  a  similar  bouse 
(with  fifteen  yards  of  carriage-way  to  be  paved) 
would  cost  %l.  2s.  1\d.;  or  the  drainage  would 
cost,  according  to  the  old  system,  111.  13**.  \\d. 

**  The  engineering  witnesses  who  have  given 
their  special  attention  to  the  subject,"  state  the 
Board  of  Health,  in  commenting  on  the  infor- 
mation I  have  just  cited,  "  affinn  that  upon  tlie 
improved  system  of  combined  Avorks  the  expense 
of  the  apparatus  in  substitution  of  cesspools  would 
not  greatly  exceed  one-half  t/ie  expense  of  cleaning 
the  cesspools." 

The  engineers  have  calculated  —  stating  the 
difficulty  of  coming  to  a  nice  calculation  —  that 
the  present  system  of  cesspools  entailed  an  average 
expenditure,  for  cleansing  and  repairs,  of  id.  a 
week  on  each  householder;  and  that  by  the  new 
system  it  would  be  but  l^c^.  The  Board  of 
Health's  calculations,  however,  are,  I  regret  to 
say,  always  dubious. 

The  subjoined  scale  of  the  difference  in  cost  was 
prepared  at  the  instance  of  the  Board. 

Mr.  Grant  took  four  blocks  of  houses  for  exa- 
mination, and  the  results  are  given  as  a  guide  to 
what  would  be  the  general  expenditure  if  the 
change  took  place : — 

"  In  one  block  of  44  houses — 

The  length  of  drains  by  back  drainage  was 

1544  feet. 
Cost  (exclusive  of  pans,  traps,  and  water  in 

both  cases)  of  back  dniinage,  83/.  I2s.,  or 

1/.  18s.  per  house. 
Cost  of  separate  tubular  drainage,  467/.  9*.  6d., 

or  10/.  125.  6d.  per  house. 
Cost  of  separate   brick  drains,  910/.  IO5.,  or 

20/.  14^.  Id.  per  house. 

"  In  another  block  of  23  houses — 

The  length  of  back  drains  was  783  feet. 

Of  separate  drains,  1437  feet. 

The  cost  of  back  tubular  drains,  45/.  12a.  6c/., 

or  1/.  19^.  Sd.  per  house. 
Of  separate  tubular  drains,  131/.  13s.  6d.,  or 

51.  lis.  6d.  per  house. 
Of  separate  brick  drains,  305/.7s.,  or  13/.  5s.  Gd. 

per  house. 

**  In  another  block  of  46  houses — 

The  length  of  back  drainage,  1143  feet. 

Ditto  by  separate  ditto,  18y2  icet. 

The  cost  of  back  tubular  drainage,  G6l.5s.2d., 

or  1/.  8s.  9^d.  per  house. 
Ditto  of  separate  ditto  diUo,  178/.  19*.  8d., 

or  3/.  17».  lOd.  per  house. 
Ditto  of  separate  brick  ditto,   290/.  is.,  or 

&L  9s.  Sd.  per  house. 


Ho.  XLIX. 


A  A 


398 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  In  a  fourth  block  of  46  houses — 
The  length  of  back  drains,  985  feet. 
Ditto  of  separate  ditto,  2913  feet. 
Cost  of  back  tubular  drainage,  QQl.  85.  2d., 

or  11.  8s.  lQ\d.  per  house. 
Ditto  of  separate  ditto  ditto,  262/.  lis.  Id., 

or  5/.  14><t.  2d.  per  house. 
Ditto  of  separate  brick  ditto,  6I4/.  16s.  3c?., 

or  13/.  7s.  Z\d.  per  house." 

I  have  mentioned  the  diversity  of  opinion  as  to 
the  best  .form,  and  even  material,  for  a  sewer ; 
and  there  is  the  same  diversity  as  to  the  material,  I 
&c.,  for  house  and  gully  or  street-drainage,  more  I 
especially  in  the  pipes  of  the  larger  volume.  The 
pipe-drainage  of  any  description  is  far  less  in 
favour  than  it  was.  One  reason  is  that  it  does 
not  promote  subsoil  drainage;  another  is  the 
difficult)'  of  repairs  if  the  joints  or  fittings  of 
pipes  require  mending;  and  then  the  combina- 
tion of  the  noxious  gases  is  most  offensive  in  its 
exhalations,  and  difficult  to  overcome. 

I  was  informed  by  a  nightman,  used  to  the 
cleansing  of  drains  and  to  night-work  generally, 
that  when  there  was  any  escape  from  one  of  the 
tubular  pipes  the  stench  was  more  intense  than  any 
he  had  ever  before  experienced  from  any  drains  on 
the  old  system. 

Op  the  London  Street-Drains. 

We  have  as  yet  dealt  only  with  'the  means  of 
removing  the  liquid  refuse  from  the  houses  of  the 
metropolis.  This,  as  was  pointed  out  at  the 
commencement  of  the  present  subject,  consists 
principally  of  the  19,000,000,000  gallons  of 
water  that  are  annually  supplied  to  the  London 
residences  by  mechanical  means.  But  there 
still  remain  the  5,000,000,000  gallons  of  surface 
or  rain-water  to  be  carried  off  from  the  1760 
miles  of  streets,  and  the  roofs  and  yards  of  the 
300,000  houses  which  now  form  the  British 
metropolis.  If  this  immense  volume  of  liquid 
were  not  immediately  removed  from  our  thorough- 
lares  as  fast  as  it  fell,  many  of  our  streets  would 
not  only  be  transformed  into  canals  at  certain 
periods  of  the  year,  but  perhaps  at  all  times 
(except  during  drought)  they  would  be,  if  not 
impassable,  at  least  unpleasant  and  unhealthy, 
from  the  puddles  or  small  pools  of  stagnant 
water  that  would  be  continually  rotting  them. 
Were  such  the  case,  the  roads  and  streets  that 
we  now  pride  ourselves  so  highly  upon  would 
have  their  foundations  soddened.  "  If  the  sur- 
face of  a  road  be  not  kept  clean  so  as  to  admit  of 
its  becoming  dry  between  showers  of  rain,"  said 
Lord  Congleton,  the  great  road  authority,  "it 
will  be  rapidly  worn  away."  Indeed  the  imme- 
diate removal  of  rain-water,  so  as  to  prevent  its 
percolating  through  the  surface  of  the  road,  and 
thereby  impairing  the  foundation,  appears  to  be 
one  of  the  main  essentials  of  road-making. 

The  means  of  removing  this  surface  water, 
especially  from  the  streets  of  a  city  where  the 
rain  falls  at  least  every  other  day  throughout  the 
year,  and  reaches  an  aggregate  depth  of  24  feet 
in  the  course  of  the  twelvemonth,  is  a  matter  of 


considerable  moment.  In  Paris,  and  indeed  al- 
most all  of  the  French  towns,  a  channel  is  formed 
in  the  middle  of  each  thoroughfare,  and  down 
this  the  water  from  the  streets  and  houses  is  con- 
tinually coursing,  to  the  imminent  peril  of  all 
pedestrians,  for  the  wheels  of  every  vehicle  dis- 
tribute, as  it  goes,  a  muddy  shower  on  either  side 
of  the  way. 

We,  however,  have  not  only  removed  the  chan- 
nels from  the  middle  to  the  sides  of  our  streets, 
but  instituted  a  distinct  system  of  drainage  for 
the  conveyance  of  the  wet  refuse  of  our 
houses  to  the  sewers — so  that  there  are  no  longer 
(excepting  in  a  very  small  portion  of  the  suburbs) 
open  sewers,  meandering  through  our  highways; 
the  consequence  is,  the  surface-water  being  car- 
ried off  from  our  thoroughfares  almost  as  fast  as 
it  falls,  our  streets  are  generally  dry  and  clean. 
That  there  are  exceptions  to  this  rule,  which  are  a 
glaring  disgrace  to  us,  it  must  be  candidly  ad- 
mitted ;  but  we  must  at  the  same  time  allow, 
when  we  think  of  the  vast  extent  of  the  road- 
ways of  the  metropolis  (1760  miles  ! —  nearly 
one-half  the  radius  of  the  earth  itself),  the 
deluge  of  water  that  anuually  descends  upon 
every  inch  of  the  ground  Avhich  wc  call  London 
(38,000,000,000  gallons  !— a  quantity  which  is 
almost  sufficient  for  the  formation  of  an  American 
lake),  and  the  vast  amount  of  traffic,  over  the 
greater  part  of  the  capital — the  13,000  vehicles 
that  daily  cross  London  Bridge,  the  11,000  con- 
veyances that  traverse  Cheapside  in  the  course  of 
twelve  hours,  tlie  7700  that  go  through  Temple 
Bar,  and  the  6900  that  ascend  and  descend  Hol- 
born  Hill  between  nine  in  the  morning  and  nine  at 
night,  the  1500  omnibuses  and  the  3000  cabriolets 
that  are  continually  hurrying  from  one  part  of  the 
town  to  another,  and  the  10,000  private  carriage, 
job,  and  cart  horses  that  incessantly  perviate  the 
metropolis — when  we  reflect,  I  say,  on  this  vast 
amount  of  traffic — this  deluge  of  rain — and  the 
wilderness  of  streets,  it  cannot  but  be  allowed 
that  the  cleansing  and  draining  of  the  London 
thoroughfares  is  most  admirably  conducted. 

The  mode  of  street  drainage  is  by  means  of 
what  is  called  a  gully-hole  and  a  gully-drain. 

The  Gully-hole*  is  the  opening  from  the  surface 
of  the  street  (and  is  seen  generally  on  each  side 
of  the  way),  into  which  all  the  fluid  refuse  of  the 
public  thoroughfares  runs  on  its  course  to  the  sewer. 

The  Gidbj-drain  is  a  drain  generally  of  earthen- 
ware piping,  curving  from  the  side  of  the  street 
to  an  opening  in  the  top  or  side  of  the  sewer,  and 
is  the  means  of  communication  between  the  sewer 
and  the  gully- hole. 

The  gully-hole  is  indicated  by  an  iron  grate 
being  fitted  into  the  surface  of  the  side  of  a  foot- 
path, where  the  road  slopes  gradually  from  its 
centre  to  the  edge  of  the  footpath,  and  down  this 
grate  the  water  runs  into  the  channel  contrived 

*  Gully  here  is  a  corruption  of  the  word  Gullet,  or 
throat ;  the  Norman  is  /quelle  (Lat.^M/a),  and  the  French, 
goulet;  from  this  the  word  ^m//v  appears  to  be  directly 
derived.  A  ^wWy-drain  is  literally  a  A'wWef-drain,  that  is, 
a  drain  serving  the  purpo-es  of  a  gullet  or  channel  for 
liquids,  and  a  gully-hole  the  mouth,  orifice,  or  opening 
to  thsgvUet  or  gully-drain. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


399 


for  it  in  the  construction  of  the  streets.  These 
gully-grates,  the  observant  pedestrian — if  there 
be  a  man  in  this  hive  of  London  who,  vithout 
professional  attraction  to  the  matter,  regards  for  a 
Ic'-.v  minutes  the  peculiarities  of  the  street  (apart 
from  the  houses)  which  he  is  traversing — an  ob- 
servant pedestrian,  I  say,  would  be  struck  at  the 
constantly-recurring  grates  in  a  given  space  in 
some  streets,  and  their  paucity  in  others.  In 
Drury-lane  there  is  no  gully-grate,  as  you  walk 
down  from  Hoi  bom  to  where  Drury-lane  becomes 
Wych-street ;  whilst  in  some  streets,  not  a  tenth 
of  the  length  of  Drury-lane,  there  may  be  three, 
four,  five,  or  six  grates.  The  reason  is  this  : — 
There  is  no  sewer  running  down  Drurj'-lane ;  a 
contiguous  sewer,  however,  runs  down  Great 
Wyld-street,  draining,  where  there  are  drains,  the 
hundred  courts  and  nooks  of  the  poor,  between 
Drury-lane  and  Lincoln's-inn-fields,  as  well  as  the 
more  open  places  leading  down  towards  the  prox- 
imity of  Temple  Bar.  This  Great  Wyld-street 
sewer,  moreover,  in  its  course  to  Fleet  Bridge,  is 
made  available  for  the  drainage  (very  grievously 
deficient,  according  to  some  of  the  reports  of  the 
Board  of  Health)  of  Clare-market.  Grates  would 
of  course  be  required  in  such  a  place  as  Drury-lane, 
only  the  street  is  thought  to  be  sufficiently  on  the 
descent  to  convey  the  surface-water  to  the  grate 
in  Wych-street. 

The  parts  in  which  the  gully-grates  will  be 
found  the  most  numerous  are  where  the  main 
streets  are  most  intersected  by  other  main  streets, 
or  by  smaller  off-streets,  and  indeed  wherever  the 
streets,  of  whatever  size,  continually  intersect  each 
other,  as  they  do  off  nearly  all  the  great  street- 
thoroughfares  in  the  City.  Although  the  sewers 
may  not  be  according '  to  the  plan  of  the  streets, 
the  gully-grates  must  nevertheless  be  found  at  the 
street  intersections,  whether  the  nearest  point  to 
the  fewer  or  not.  or  else  the  water  would  not  be 
quickly  carried  off,  and  would  form  a  nuisance, 

I  am  informed,  on  good  authority,  both  as  re- 
gards the  City  and  Metropolitan  Commissions, 
that  the  average  distance  of  the  gully-grates  is 
thirty  yards  one  from  another,  including  both  sides 
of  the  way.  Their  number  does  not  depend  upon 
population,  but  simply  on  the  local  characteristics 
of  the  highways ;  for  of  course  the  rain  falls  into 
all  the  streets  in  proportion  to  their  size,  whether 
populous  or  half-empty  localities.  As,  however, 
the  more  distant  roads  have  not  such  an  approxi- 
mation of  grates,  and  the  law  which  requires  their 
formation  is  by  no  means — and  perhaps,  without 
unnecessary  interference,  cannot  be — very  definite, 
I  am  informed  that  it  may  fairly  be  represented, 
that,  of  the  17C0  miles  of  London  public  ways, 
more  than  two-thirds,  "or"  remarked  one  inform- 
ant, "say  1200  miles,  are  grated  on  each  side  of 
the  street  or  road,  at  distances  of  sixty  yards." 
This  would  gire  59  gully-boles  in  every  one  of  the 
1200  miles  of  street  said  to  be  so  supplied.  Hence 
the  total  number  throughout  the  metropolis  will 
l>e  70,800. 

T'  /.'^/y-f^mm,  which  is  the  street-drain,  al- 
•  Hents  now  a  sloping  curve,  describing, 
!••«»,  part  of  a  circle.     This  drain  starts. 


80  to  speak,  from  the  side  of  the  street,  while  its 
course  to  the  sewer,  in  order  to  economize  space, 
is  made  by  any  most  appropriate  curve,  to  include 
the  reception  of  as  great  a  quantity  of  wet  street- 
refuse  as  possible;  for  if  the  gully-drains  were 
formed  in  a  direct,  or  even  a  not-very-indirect  line, 
from  the  street  sides  to  the  sewers,  they  would  not 
only  be  more  costly,  more  numerous,  but  would, 
in  fact,  as  I  was  told,  "  choke  the  under-ground" 
of  London,  for  now  the  subterranean  capital  is  so 
complicated  with  gas,  water,  and  drain-pipes,  that 
such  a  system  as  will  allow  room  for  each  is  in- 
dispensable. The  new  system  is,  moreover,  more 
economical.  In  the  City  the  gully-drains  are  nearly 
all  of  nine-inch  diameter  in  tubular  pipeage.  In 
I  the  metropolitan  jurisdiction  they  are  the  same, 
i  but  not  to  the  same  extent,  some  being  only  six 
j  inches. 

Fifty,  or  even  thirty  years  ago,  the  old  street 
!  channels  for  gully  drainage  were  costly  construc- 
tions, for  they  were  made  so  as  to  suit  sewers 
which  were  cleansed  by  the  street  being  taken 
"  up,"  and  the  offensive  deposit,  thick  and  even 
indurated  as  it  often  was  in  those  days,  drawn  to 
the  surface.  Some  few  were  three  and  even  four 
feet  square;  some  two  feet  six  inches  wide,  and 
three  or  four  feet  high ;  all  of  brick.  I  am  assured 
that  of  the  extent  or  cost  of  these  old  contrivances 
no  accounts  have  been  preserved,  but  that  they 
were  more  than  twice  as  costly  as  the  present 
method. 

In  all  the  reports  I  have  seen,  metropolitan  or 
city — the  statements  of  the  flushermen  being  to  the 
same  purport — there  are  complaints  as  to  the  uses  to 
which  the  gully-holes  are  put  in  many  parts,  every 
kind  of  refuse  admissible  through  the  bars  of  the 
grate  being  stealthily  emptied  down  them.  The 
paviours,  if  they  have  an  opportunity,  sweep  their 
surplus  grout  into  the  gullies,  and  so  do  the  sca- 
vagers  with  their  refuse  occasionally,  though  this 
is  generally  done  in  the  less-frequented  parts,  to 
get  rid  of  the  "slop,"  which  is  valueless. 

In  a  report,  published  in  1851,  Mr.  Haywood 

points  out  the  prevalence  of  the  practice  of  using 

the  gully-gratings  as  dustbins !     A  sewer  under 

Billingsgate  accumulated  in  a  few  months  many 

cart-loads,  composed  almost  wholly  of  fish-shells; 

and    114    cart-loads   of   fish-shells,    cinders,   and 

rubbish  were    removed    from    the  sewers  in  the 

vicinity     of      Middlesex-street     (Petticoat-lane); 

these  had  accumulated  in  about   twelve  months. 

'•  Reconstructing  the  gullies,"  he  says,  "  so  as  to 

intercept    improper   substances   (which   has  been 

recently  done  at  Billingsgate),  might  prevent  this 

material   reaching  the   sewers,  but  it  would  still 

have  to  be  removed  from  the  gullies,  and  would 

i  thus  still  cause  perpetual  expense.     Indeed,  I  feel 

j  convinced  that  nothing  but  making  public  example 

I  by  convicting  and  punishing  some  offenders,  under 

;  clause  69  of  '  The  City  of  London   Sewers'  Act,' 

will  stop  the  practice,  so  universal  in  the  poorer 

localities,  of  using  the  gullies  as  dustbias." 

The  OuUy-holeg  are  now  Irapped— -with  very  few 
exceptions,  one  report  states,  while  another  report 
intimates  thatguUy-trapping  has  no  exception  at  all. 
The  trap  is  resorted  to  so  that  the  effluvium  from 


400 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


a  gully-drain  may  not  infect  the  air  of  the  public 
ways;  but  among  engineers  and  medical  sanitary 
inquirers,  there  is  much  diir't-rence  of  oiniiion  as 
to  whether  the  system  of  trapping  is  desirable  or 
not.  The  general  opinion  seems  to  be,  however, 
that  all  gullies  should  be  trapped. 

Of  the  City  gnily-traps,  Mr.  Haywood,  in  a  report 
for  the  year  1851,  says,  as  regards  the  period  of 
their  introduction : — 

"  About  seventeen  years  ago  your  then  surveyor 
(Mr.  Kelspy)  applied  the  first  traps  to  sewer  gullies, 
and  from  that  date  to  the  present  the  trapping  of 
gullies  has  been  adopted  as  a  principle,  and  the 
city  of  London  is  still,  I  believe,  the  only  metro- 
politan area  in  which  the  gullies  are  all  trapped. 
The  traps  first  constructed  have  since  been  (as  all 
first  inventions  or  adaptations  ever  have  or  will 
be)  improved  upon,  and  are  rapidly  being  displaced 
by  those  of  more  improved  constniction. 

"Now,  of  the  incomp.atible  conditions  required 
of  gully-traps,  of  the  difficulty  of  obtaining  such 
mechanical  appliances  so  eftective  and  perfect  as 
can  theoreticalhj  be  devised,  but  yet  of  the  extreme 
desirability  of  obtaining  them  as  perfect  as  modern 
science  could  produce,  your  honourable  court  has, 
at  least,  for  as  long  as  I  have  had  the  honour  of 
holding  office  under  you,  been  fully  alive  to;  no 
prejudice  has  opposed  impediment  to  the  introduc- 
tion of  novelties ;  your  court  has  been  always 
open  to  inventors,  and,  at  the  present  time,  there 
are  sixteen  different  traps  or  modes  of  trapping 
gullies  under  trial  within  your  jurisdiction. 

"Nor  has  the  provision  of  the  means  of  ex- 
cluding effluvium  from  the  atmosphere  been  your 
onh-care;  but  the  cleanliness  of  the  sewers,  and 
the  prevention  of  accumulation  of  decomposing 
refuse,  both  by  regulated  cleansings,  and  by  con- 
structing the  sewage  upon  the  most  improved 
principles,  have  also  been  your  aim  and  that  of 
your  officers;  and  I  do  not  hesitate  to  assert,  that 
the  oftensiveness  of  the  escape  from  the  gullies 
has  been  of  late  years  much  diminished  by  the 
care  bestowed  upon  the  condition  of  the  sewers. 

"  374  gullies  have  been  retrapped  in  the  City 
upon  improved  principles  during  the  last  year." 

The  gully-traps  are  on  the  principle  of  self- 
acting  valves,  but  it  is  stated  in  several  reports, 
that  these  valves  often  remain  permanently  open, 
partly  from  the  street  refuse  (especially  if  mixed 
with  the  debris  from  new  or  removed  buildings) 
not  being  sufficiently  liquified  to  pass  through 
them,  and  partly  from  the  hinges  getting  rusted, 
and  so  becoming  fixed. 


Op  the  Length  of  tite  Lokdon  Sewers  and 
Dkaiss. 

There  is  no  official  account  precisely  defining  the 
length  of  the  London  sewerage  ;  but  the  informa- 
tion acquired  on  the  subject  leaves  no  doubt  as  to 
the  accuracy  of  the  following  facts. 

About  900  miles  of  sewers  of  the  metropolis 
may  be  said  to  have  been  surveyed ;  and  it  is 
known  that  from  100  to  150  miles  more  constitute 
a  portion  of  the  metropolitan  sewerage ;  this,  too. 


independently  of  that  of  the  City,  which  is  50 
miles.  Altogether  I  am  assured  that  the  sewers 
of  the  urban  part  of  London,  included  within  the 
58  square  miles  before  mentioned,  measure  1100 
miles. 

The  classes  of  sewers  comprised  in  this  long 
extent  are  pretty  equally  apportioned,  each  a 
third,  or  366  miles,  of  the  first,  second,  and  third 
classes  respectively.  Of  this  extent  about  200 
miles  are  still,  in  the  year  1852,  open  sewers  i  — to 
say  nothing  of  the  great  open  sewer,  the  Tiiames. 
The  open  sewers  are  found  principally  in  the 
Surrey  districts,  in  Biixton,  Lewisham,  Tooting, 
and  places  at  the  like  distimce  from  the  more 
central  parts  of  the  Commissioners'  jurisdiction. 
These  open  sewers,  however,  are  disappearing, 
and  it  is  intended  that  in  time  no  such  places 
shall  exist ;  as  it  is,  some  miles  of  them  are  in- 
closed yearly.  The  open  sewers  in  what  may  be 
considered  more  of  the  heart  of  the  metropolis  are 
a  portion  of  the  Fleet-ditch  in  Clerkenwell,  and 
places  in  Lambeth  and  Bormondsey,  or  about  20 
miles  in  the  interior  to  180  miles  in  the  exterior 
portion  of  the  capital.  These  are  national  dis- 
graces. 

The  1100  miles  above-mentioned,  however,  in- 
clude only  the  sewers,  comprising  neither  the  house 
nor  gully-drains.  According  to  the  present  laws, 
all  newly-built  houses  must  be  drained  into  the 
sewers;  and  in  1850  there  were  5000  applica- 
tions from  the  western  districts  alone  to  the  Com- 
missioners, for  the  promotion  of  the  drainage  of 
that  number  of  old  and  new  houses  into  the 
sewers,  the  old  houses  having  been  previously 
drained  into  cesspools. 

I  am  assured,  on  good  authority,  that  fully  one- 
half  of  the  houses  in  the  metropolis  are  at  the 
present  time  drained  into  the  sewers.  In  one 
street,  about  a  century  old,  containing  in  the  por- 
tion surveyed  for  an  official  purpose,  on  the  two 
sides  of  the  way,  76  houses,  the  number  was 
found  to  be  equally  divided— half  the  drainage 
being  into  sewers  and  half  into  cesspools.  The 
number  of  houses  in  the  metropolis  proper,  of 
115  square  miles  area,  is  307,722.  The  majority, 
as  far  as  is  officially  known,  are  now  drained 
into  the  public  sewers,  or  into  private  or  branch 
sewers  communicating  with  the  larger  public 
receptacles,  so  that — allowing  200,000  houses 
to  be  included  in  the  58  square  miles  of  the 
urban  sewerage,  and  admitting  that  some  wretched 
dwelling-places  are  not  drained  at  all — it  is  rea- 
sonable to  assume  that  at  least  100,000  houses 
within  this  area  are  drained  into  the  sewers. 

The  average  length  of  the  house-dniins  is,  I 
learn  from  the  best  sources,  50  feet  per  house. 
The  builder  of  a  new  house  is  now  required  by 
law. to  drain  it,  at  the  proprietor's  cost,  100  feet, 
if  necessary,  to  a  sewer.  In  some  instances,  in 
detached  houses,  where  the  owners  object  to  the 
cesspool  system,  a  house  drain  has  been  carried 
230  feet  to  a  sewer,  and  sometimes  even  farther ; 
but  in  narrow  or  moderately  wide  streets,  from 
18  to  26  feet  across,  and  in  alleys  and  narrow 
places  (in  case  there  is  sewernge)  the  house  drains 
may  be  but  from  12  to  20   feet.      Both  these 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


401 


lengths  of  dminage  are  exceptions,  and  there  is 
no  question  that  the  average  length  may  be  put 
at  50  feet.  In  some  squares,  for  example,  the 
sewer  runs  along  the  centre,  so  that  tlie  house- 
drains  here  are  in  excess  of  the  50  feet  average. 

The  length  of  the  house-drainage  of  the  more 
central  part  of  London,  assuming  100,000  houses 
to  be  drained  into  the  sewers,  and  each  of  such 
drains  to  be  on  the  arerage  60  feet  long,  is,  then, 
5,000,000  feet,  or  about  2S40  miles. 

But  there  are  still  the  street  or  gully-drains 
for  the  surface-water  to  be  estimated.  In  the 
Holbom  and  Finsbury  division  alone,  the  length 
of  the  "  main  covered  sewers  "  is  said  to  be  83 
miles ;  the  length  of  "  smaller  sewers  "  to  carry 
oflF  the  surface-water  from  the  streets  16  miles; 
the  length  of  drains  leading  from  houses  to  the 
main  sewers,  264. 

Now,  if  there  be  16  miles  of  gully-drains  to 
83  miles  of  main  covered  sewers,  and  the  same 
proportion  hold  good  throughout  the  58  square 
miles  over  which  the  sewers  extend,  it  follows 
that  there  would  be  about  200  miles  of  gully- 
drains  to  the  gross  1100  miles  of  sewers. 

But  this  is  only  an  approximate  result.  The 
length  and  character  of  the  gully-drains  I  find 
to  vary  very  considerably.  If  the  streets  where 
the  gully-grates  are  found  have  no  sewer  in  a  line 
with  the  thoroughfare,  still  the  water  must  be 
drained  off  and  conveyed  to  the  nearest  sewer,  of 
any  class,  large  or  small,  and  consequently  at  much 
greater  length  than  if  there  were  a  sewer  running 
down  the  street  Neither  is  the  number  of  the 
gully-holes  any  sure  criterion  of  the  measurement 
of  the  guHy-drains,  for  where  the  intersections  are, 
and  consequently  the  gully-holes  frequent,  a  num- 
ber, sometimes  amounting  to  ten,  are  made  to  empty 
their  contents  into  the  same  gully-drain.  Neither 
do  the  returns  of  yearly  expenditure,  presented  to 
Parliament  by  the  Metropolitan  Court  of  Sewers, 
supply  information.  But  even  if  the  e.xact  length, 
and  the  exact  price  paid  for  the  formation  of  that 
length,  were  given,  it  would  suppl}'  but  the  year's 
outlay  as  regards  the  additions  or  repairs  that  had 
been  made  to  the  gully-drains,  and  certainly  not 
furnish  us  with  the  original  cost  of  the  whole. 

One  experienced  informant  told  me — but  let  me 
premise  that  1  heard  from  all  the  gentlemen  whom  ! 
I  consulted,  a    statement  that  they  could  only  ■ 
compute  by  analogy  with  other  facts  bearing  upon 
the  subject — was  confident,  that  taking  only  1200  ' 
miles  of  public  way  as  gully-draiued,  that  extent  I 
might  be  considered  as  the  length  of  the  gully-  | 
dnuDs  themselves.     Bven  calculating  such  drains 
to  ran  from  each  side  of  the  public  way,  which  is 
generally  the  case,  I  am  told  that,  considering  the 
eooBMny   of    underground  space    which    is   now 
BMesaary,  the  length  of  1200  miles  is  as  fair  an 
estimate  for    guUy-druinage    (apart    from  other 
drainage)   as  fur  the   length   of  the  streets  so 
gullied. 

Hence  we  have,  for  the  gross  extent  of  the 
whole  sewers  and  drains  of  the  metropolis,  tlic 
following  result, 


Miles. 

Main  covered  sewers     .         .         .         1100 

House-drains       ....  2840 

Gully-drains '  for   surface-water  of 
streets' 1200 

Total  length    of    the  sewers  and  

drains  of  the  metropelis        .         .  5140 

The  island  of  Great  Britain,  I  may  observe,  is, 
at  its  extreme  points,  550  miles  from  north  to 
south,  and  290  from  east  to  west.  It  would,  there- 
fore, appear  that  the  main  sewers  of  the  capital 
are  just  double  the  length  of  the  whole  island,  from 
the  English  Channel  to  John-o'- Groats,  and  nearly 
three  times  longer  than  the  greatest  width  of  the 
country.  But  this  is  the  extent  of  the  sewerage 
alone.  The  drainage  of  London  is  about  equal  in 
length  to  the  diameter  of  the  earth  itself  ! 

Of  the  Cost  op  Cokstrttcting  the  Sewers 
AND  Drains  of  the  Metropolis. 

The  money  actually  expended  in  constructing 
the  1100  miles  of  sewers  and  4000  miles  of 
drains,  even  if  we  were  only  to  date  from  Jan,  1, 
1800,  is  not  and  never  can  be  known.  Tiiey 
have  been  built  at  intervals,  as  the  metropolis,  so 
to  speak,  grew.  They  were  built  also  in  many 
sizes  and  forms,  and  at  many  variations  of  price, 
according  to  the  depth  from  the  surface,  the  good 
or  bad  management,  or  the  greater  or  lesser  ex- 
tent of  jobbery  or  "patronage"  in  the  several 
independent  commissions.  Accounts  were  either 
not  presented  in  "  the  good  old  times,"  or  not 
preserved. 

Had  the  1100  miles  of  sewers  to  be  constructed 
anew,  they  would  be,  according  to  the  present 
prices  paid  by  the  Commissioners — not  including 
digijing  or  such  extraneous  labour,  but  the  cost 
of  the  sewer  only — as  follows  : — 

366  miles  of  sewers  of  the  first 
class,  or  1,932,480  feet,  at  15«. 
per  foot £1,449,360 

366  miles,  or  1,932,480  feet  of 
the  second  class,  at  II5.  per  foot    .         1,062,864 

Same  length  of  third  class,  at 
9«.  per  foot  ....  869,616 


Total  cost  of  the  sewers  of  the 
metropolis £3,381,840 

As  this  is  a  lower  charge  than  was  paid  for 
the  construction  of  more  than  three-fourths  of  the 
sewers,  we  may  fairly  assume  that  their  cost 
amounted  to  from  three  millions  and  a  half  to 
four  millions  of  pounds  sterling. 

The  majority  of  the  house-drains  running  into 
the  sewers  arc  brick,  and  seldom  less  than  9  inches 
square  ;  sometimes,  in  the  old  brick  drains,  they 
are  some  inches  larger,  and  in  the  very  old  drains, 
and  in  some  100  years  old,  wooden  planks  were 
often  used  instead  of  a  brick  or  stone  construction, 
for  the  sake  of  reducing  cost,  and  replaced  when 
rotted.  The  wood,  in  many  cases,  soon  decayed, 
and  since  1847  no  wooden  sewers  have  been 
allowed  to  be  formed,  nor  any  old  ones  to  be  re- 
paired with  new  wood  ;  the  work  must  be  of 
stone  or  brick,  if  not  pipeage.     About  two-thirds 


402 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


of  the  drains  running  from  the  houses  to  the 
sewers  are  brick  ;  the  remaining  third  tubular,  or 
earthenware  pipes.  The  cost,  if  now  to  be  formed, 
would  be  somewhat  as  follows  : — 

1893^  miles  of  brick  drains,  5s. 
per  foot,  as  average  of  sizes  .         .     ^62,499,200 

945^  feet  of  tubular  drains,  ave- 
rage of  sizes  2s.  6f/.      .         .        .  624,800 


Total  cost   of  tlie   house-drains  of 
London £3,124,000 

The  cost  of  the  street  or  gully  drains  have  still 
to  be  estimated. 

The  present  cost  of  the  9-inch  gully-pipe  drains 
I  is  about  2>s.  (id.  a  foot ;  of  the  6-inch,  2s.  6d.  Of 
I  the  proportionate  lengths  of  these  two  classes  of 
{  street-drains  I  have  not  been  able  to  gain  any 
i  account,  for,  I  believe,  it  has  never  been  ascer- 
j  tained  in  any  way  approaching  to  a  total  return. 
J  Taking  1200  miles,  however,  as  quite  within  the 
I  full  length  of  the  gully-drains,  and  calculating  at 
j  the  low  average  of  3.^  the  foot  for  the  whole,  the 
1  total  cost  of  the  street-drains  of  the  metropolis 
would  be  950,400/.,  or,  I  am  assuted,  one  might 
say  a  million  sterling,  and  this,  even  if  all  were 
done  at  the  present  low  prices  ;  the  original  cost 
would,  of  course,  have  been  much  greater. 

Hence,  according  to  the  above  calculations,  we 
have  the  following 

Gross  Estimate  of  the  Cost  of  the  Sewers  and 
Drains  of  tlce  3l€troj>olis. 

£ 
1100  miles  of  main  covered  sewers  3,500,000 
2840  miles  of  hou.se-drains     .         .  3,000,000 
1200  miles  of  gully  or  street  drains  1,000,000 


5140  miles  of  sewers  and  drainage  =  7,500,000 


Of  the  Uses  of  Sewers  as  a  Means  of 
Subsoil  Drainage. 

There  is  one  other  purpose  toward  which  a  sewer 
is  available — a  purpose,  too,  which  I  do  not  re- 
member to  have  seen  specified  in  the  Metropolitan 
Reports. 

"  The  first,  and  perhaps  most  important  pur- 
pose of  sewers,  as  respects  health,"  says  the 
Report  of  Messrs,  "Walker,  Cubitt,  and  Brunei 
(1848),  "  is,  as  under-drains  to  the  su7Toiindin(j 
earth.  They  answer  this  purpose  so  effectually 
and  quietly,  and  have  done  it  so  long,  that 
their  importance  in  this  respect  is  overlooked. 
In  the  Sanitary  Commissioners'  Eeports  we  do 
not  find  it  once  noticed,  and  the  recommenda- 
tion of  the  substitution  of  stone  or  earthenware 
pipes  for  the  larger  brick  sewers,  seems  to  show, 
that  any  provision  for  the  under-drainage  was 
thought  unnecessary,  although  such  a  provision  is 
in  our  opinion  most  important. 

"  Under  the  artificial  ground,  the  collection  of 
ages,  which  in  the  City  of  London,  as  in  most 
ancient  towns,  forms  the  upper  surface,  is  a  con- 
siderable thickness  of  clean  gravel,  and  under  the 


gravel  is  the  London  clay.  The  present  houses 
are  founded  chiefly  on  the  artificial  or  *  made 
ground,'  while  the  sewers  are  made  through  the 
gravel ;  and  it  is  known  practically,  that  however 
charged  with  water  the  gravel  of  a  district  may 
be,  the  springs  for  a  considerable  distance  round 
are  drawn  down  by  making  a  sewer,  and  the 
wells  that  had  water  within  a  few  feet  of  the  sur- 
face have  again  to  be  sunk  below  the  bottom  of 
the  sewer  to  reach  the  water.  Every  interstice 
between  the  stones  of  the  gravel  acts  as  an  under- 
drain  to  conduct  the  water  to  the  sewer,  through 
the  sides  of  which  it  finds  its  way,  even  if  mortar 
be  used  in  the  construction. 

"  Hence  the  salubrity  of  a  gravel  foundation, 
if  the  water  be  drawn  out  of  it  by  sewers  or 
other  means,  as  is  the  case  with  the  City  and 
with  Westminster.  A  proof  of  this  principle 
was  afforded  by  the  result  of  a  reference  to  physi- 
cians and  engineers  in  1838,  to  inquire  into  the 
state  of  drainage  and  smells  in  and  near  Buck- 
ingham Palace,  as  to  which  there  had  been  com- 
plaints, though  none  so  heavy  as  Mr.  Phillips 
now  makes,  when  he  says,  '  that  the  drainage  of 
Buckingham  Palace  is  extremely  defective,  and 
that  its  precincts  are  reeking  with  filth  and  pesti- 
lential odours  from  the  absence  of  proper  sewer- 
age !' " 

The  Report  then  shows  the  pains  that  were 
taken  to  ensure  dryness  in  the  Palace.  Pits  were 
dug  in  the  garden  14  feet  below  the  surface,  and 
34  feet  below  high-water  mark  in  the  river,  and 
they  were  found  dry  to  the  bottom.  The  kitchens 
and  yard  of  the  palace  are,  however,  only  18 
inches  above  Trinity  high-water  mark  in  the 
Thames,  and  therefore  18  inches  below  a  very 
high  tide.  The  physician,  Sir  James  Clarke, 
and  the  engineers,  Messrs.  Simpson  and  Walker, 
in  a  separate  Report,  spoke  in  terms  of  com- 
mendation of  the  drainage  of  the  Palace  in  1838, 
as  promotive  of  dryness.  Since  that  time  a  con- 
necting chain  has  been  made  from  the  Palace 
drains  into  the  canal  in  St.  James's-park,  to 
prevent  the  wet  from  rising  as  formerly  during 
heavy  rains.  "  The  Palace,"  it  is  stated  in  the 
Report  of  the  three  engineers,  "  should  not  be 
classed  with  the  low  part  of  Pimlico,  where  the 
drainage  is,  we  believe,  very  defective,  and  to 
which,  for  anything  we  know  to  the  contrary,  the 
character  given  by  Mr.  Phillips  may  be  applica- 
ble." 

Unfortunately,  however,  for  this  array  of  opi- 
nions of  high  authority,  and  despite  the  advantages 
of  a  gravel  bed  for  the  substratum  of  the  palatial 
sewerage,  the  drainage  and  sewerage  about 
Buckingham  Palace  is  more  frequently  than  that 
of  any  other  public  place  under  repair,  and  is 
always  requiring  attention.  It  was  only  a  hw 
days  ago,  before  the  court  left  Windsor  Castle  for 
London,  that  men  were  employed  night  and  day, 
on  the  drains  and  cesspoolage  channels,  to  make, 
as  one  of  them  described  it  to  me — and  such 
working-men's  descriptions  are  often  forcilde — -"the 
place  decent.  I  was  hardly  ever,"  he  added,  "  in 
such  a  set  of  stinks  as  I  've  been  in  the  sewers 
and  underground  parts  of  the  palace." 


L02^D0N  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


403 


Of  the  City  Seweraqe. 
As  yet  I  have  spoken  only  of  the  sewers  of  Lon- 
don* 'Mnthout  the  City;"  but  the  sewers  within 
the  City,  though  connected,  for  the  general  public 
drainage  and  sewerage  of  the  capital,  with  the 
works  under  the  control  of  the  Metropolitan  Com- 
missioners, are  in  a  distinct  and  strictly  deBned 
jurisdiction,  superintended  by  City  Commissioners, 
and  managed  by  City  officers,  and  consequently 
demand  a  special  notice. 

•  Of  the  derivation  of  the  word  Sewer  there  have  been 
many  conjectures,  but  no  approximation  to  the  truth. 
One  of  the  earliest  instances  I  have  met  with  of  any  de- 
tailed mention  of  sewers,  is  in  an  address  delivered  by  a 
••  Coroner."  whose  name  does  not  appear,  to  "  a  jury  of 
sewers."  This  address  was  delivered  somewhere  between 
the  vears  l»Jti<>  and  \(uO.  The  coroner  having  first  spoken 
of  the  importance  of"  Navigation  and  Drayning"  (drain- 
ing), then  came  to  the  question  of  sewers. 

*•  Sewars,"  he  said,  "are  to  be  accounted  your 
grand  Issuers  of  Water,  from  whence  I  conceive 
they  carry  their  name  (!Seicar»  quati  Issuers).  I  shall 
take  his  opinion  who  delivers  them  to  be  Currents  of 
Water,  kept  in  on  both  sides  with  banks,  and,  in  some 
sense,  they  may  be  called  a  certain  kind  of  a  little  or 
small  liver.  Uut  as  for  the  derivation  of  the  word  Sewar, 
from  two  of  our  English  words,  Sea  and  IVere,  or,  as 
others  will  have  it,  SVa  and  1%'ard,  give  me  leave,  now  I 
have  mentioned  it,  to— leave  it  to  your  judgments. 

"  However,  this  word  Setvar  is  very  famous  amongst 
us,  both  for  giving  the  title  of  the  Commission  of 
Sewars  itself,  and  for  being  the  ordinary  name  of  most 
of  your  common  water -courses,  for  Drayning,  and  there- 
fore, I  presume,  there  are  none  of  you  of  these  juries 
but  both  know— 

••  1.  What  Sewars  signify,  and  also,  in  particular, 

"  2.  What  they  are ;  and  of  a  thing  so  generally 
known,  and  of  such  general  use." 

The  Rev.  Dr.  Lemon,  who  gave  the  world  a  work  on 
"  English  FItymologv,"  from  the  Greek  and  Latin,  and 
from  the  Saxon  and  Norman,  was  regarded  as  a  high 
authority  during  the  latter  part  of  the  last  century, 
when  his  qimrto  first  appeared.    The  following  is  his 

tcc' '      the  head  "  Sewers" — 

•^    Minsh's.  deriv.  of    '  olim  scriptum 
fu;  :»-ward,  quod  versus  marc  facta;  sunt: 

loii„-    -li  a  Fr.  Gall,  eauier ;  sentina  ;    incUe, 

suppic.  aquuruia  :  '—then  why  did  not  the  Dr.  trace  this 
Fr,  Gall,  eauin-y  if  he  had,  he  would  have  found  it  dis- 
torted ab  'T3«;f ,  aqua  .-  sewers  being  a  species  of  aque- 
duct.—Lye,  in  his  Add.,  gives  another  deriv.,  viz. '  ab 
Iceland,  tua,  culare ;  ut  existimo;  ad  quod  referre 
xeWermncer  ,■  cloaca;  per  #orde*  urbis  ejiciuntur: '—the 
very  word  rrrrdfJi  give*  me  a  hint  that  sewer  may  be 
derived  a'  latget,  vcl  "Zx^at*,  verro:  nempe quia *orrfe«, 
que  everruittur  cdomo,  in  unum  locum  accumulantur  ,- 
R.  ^tt^sf,  cumulus:  Vos<.' — a  collection  of  sweepings, 
stop,  dirt,  <5-c." 

But  these  are  the  follies  of  learning.  Had  our  lexico- 
graphers known  that  the  vulgar  were,  as  Dr.  Latham 
says,  "  the  conservators  of  the  Saxon  language"  with  us, 
they  wo'.ild  have  smi^^ht  infonnation  from  the  word 
"kh  i.  consequently,  un- 
per  jf  the  more  polite 
"  V  >  teriTic<l  by  them 
"  t!.  v/K-ri?,  in  Saxon,  is 
wriitni  .  ,r-  ui  1  »  .  /  .<\  means  not  only 
a  b.ii.;..  ;!..  I.ihl  .in:  to  the  sea,  but  a 
trtfrr,  i  t  ■  i .  iiilives,  made  from 
the  verb  .  s-uer,  y\).  .icuren,  Kesruren),  to 
th«rtr,Qu\.  ic;  and  hence  they  meant,  in  the 
one  ra*c,  ;  :  thr-  land  from  the  sea;  and  in 
the  other.  f  woo<l,  with  a  view 
to  count! I'  1 .  the  same  origin  ; 
as  well  us  ,  t;ash.  The  Scan- 
dinavian 1..      .                              ,   may  be  cited  as 

proof*  of  Hint  1  Tliey  are,  Icel.,  «A(/r,  a 

notch;    Sai-.!.,  i;    and    Dan.,  tknar  And 

tkiii. ,  .1  :  .,  rh,  v.i)ild  seem,  therefore, 

till'  ircr  (Dan.,  ukure ; 

■\'  meant   merely  a 

i.  AdiUsh  fcunk  with 
t'M      ■  .  ■■;  .  ;n,;  Oil  t lie  reiiiM--wAtcr,  a  watercoursc, 

.i!ii  (• -hM.)!!.  liiiy  a  drain.  A  sewer  is  now  a  covered 
'l.t(  h.  or  ( ii.ir.nel  for  refuse  water. 


The  account  of  the  City  sewers,  however, 
may  be  given  with  a  comparative  brevity,  for  the 
modes  of  their  construction,  as  well  as  their 
general  management,  do  not  differ  from  what  I 
have  described  as  pertaining  to  the  extra-civic 
metropolis.  There  are,  nevertheless,  a  few  distinc- 
tions which  it  is  proper  to  point  out. 

The  City  sewers  are  the  oldest  in  the  capital, 
for  the  very  plain  reason  that  the  City  itself,  in 
its  site,  if  not  now  in  its  public  and  private  build- 
ings, is  the  oldest  part  of  London,  as  regards  the 
abode  of  a  congregated  body  of  people. 

The  ages  (so  to  speak)  of  these  sewers,  vary,  j 
for  the  most  part,  according  to  the  dates  of  the 
City's  rebuilding  after  the  Great  Fire,  and  accord- 
ing to  the  dates  of  the  many  alterations,  improve- 
ments, removal  or  rebuilding  of  new  streets, 
markets,  &c.,  which  have  been  effected  since  that 
period.  Before  the  Great  Fire  of  1666,  all  drain- 
age seems,  with  a  few  exceptions,  to  have  been 
fortuitous,  unconnected,  and  superfxial. 

The  first  public  sewer  built  after  this  important 
epoch  in  the  history  of  London  was  in  Ludgate- 
street  and  hill.  This  was  the  laudable  work  of 
the  Dean  and  Chapter  of  St.  Paul's,  and  was  con- 
structed at  the  instance,  it  is  said,  and  after  the 
plans,  of  Sir  Christopher  Wren.  There  is,  per- 
haps, no  official  or  documentary  proof  of  this,  for 
the  proclamations  from  the  King  in  council,  the 
Acts  of  Parliament,  and  the  resolutions  of  the 
Corporation  of  the  City  of  London  at  that  im- 
portiint  period,  are  so  vague  and  so  contradictory, 
and  were  so  frequently  altered  or  abrogated,  and  so 
frequently  disregarded,  that  it  is  more  impossible 
than  difficult  to  get  at  the  truth.  Of  the  fact 
which  I  have  just  mentioned,  however,  there  need 
be  no  doubt ;  nor  that  the  second  public  City 
sewer  was  in  Fleet-street,  commenced  in  1668, 
the  second  year  after  the  fire. 

There  are,  nevertheless,  older  sewers  than  this, 
but  the  dates  of  their  construction  are  not  known  ; 
we  have  proof  merely  that  they  existed  in  old 
London,  or  as  it  was  described  by  an  anonymous 
writer  (quoted,  if  I  remember  rightly,  in  Mait- 
land's  "History  of  London"),  "London  "ante 
ignem" — London  before  the  fire.  These  sewers, 
or  rather  portions  of  sewers,  are  severally  near 
Newgate,  St.  Bartholomew's  Hospital  sewer,  and 
that  of  the  Irongate  by  the  Tower. 

Tile  sewer,  however,  which  may  be  pointed 
out  as  the  most  remarkable  is  that  of  Little 
Moorgate,  London-wall.  It  is  formed  of  red  tiles  ; 
and  from  such  being  its  materials,  and  from  the 
circumstance  of  some  Roman  coins  having  been 
found  near  it,  it  is  supposed  by  some  to  be  of 
Roman  construction,  and  of  course  coeval  with 
that  people's  possession  of  tlie  country.  This  sewer 
has  a  Hat  bottom,  upright  sides,  and  a  circular 
arch  at  its  top  ;  it  is  about  5  feet  by  3  feet.  The 
other  older  sewers  present  much  about  the  same 
form ;  and  an  Act  in  the  reign  of  Charles  H. 
directs  that  sewers  shall  be  so  built,  but  that  the 
bottom  shall  have  a  circular  curve. 

I  am  informed  by  a  City  gentleman — one  dik- 
ing an  interest  in  such  matters  — that  this  sewer 
has  troubled  the  repose  of  a  few  civic  antiquaries. 


404 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


some  thinking  that  it  was  a  Roman  sewer,  while 
others  scouted  such  a  notion,  arguing  that  the 
Romans  were  not  in  the  habit  of  doing  their  work 
by  halves ;  and  that  if  they  had  sewered  London, 
great  and  enduring  remains  would  have  been  dis- 
covered, for  their  main  sewer  would  have  been  a 
solid  construction,  and  directed  to  the  Thames,  as 
was  and  is  the  Cloaca  Maxima,  in  the  Eternal 
City,  to  the  Tiber.  Others  have  said  that  the 
sewer  in  question  was  merely  built  of  Roman 
materials,  perhaps  first  discovered  about  the  time, 
having  originally  formed  a  reservoir,  tank,  or 
even  a  bath,  and  were  keenly  appropriated  hy 
some  economical  or  scheming  builder  or  City 
official. 

"  That  the  Britons,"  says  Tacitus  in  his  "  Life 
of  Agricola,"  "who  led  a  roaming  life,  and  were 
easily  incited  to  Avar,  might  contract  a  love 
for  peace,  by  being  accustomed  to  a  pleasanter 
mode  of  life,  Agricola  assisted  them  to  build 
houses,  temples,  and  market-places.  By  praising 
the  diligent  and  upbraiding  the  idle,  he  excited 
such  emulation  among  the  Britons,  that,  after  they 
had  erected  all  those  necessary  buildings  in  their 
towns,  they  built  others  for  pleasure  and  orna- 
ment, as  porticoes,  galleries,  baths,  and  banquet- 
ing-houses," 

The  sewers  of  the  city  of  London  are,  then,  a 
comparatively  modern  work.  Indeed,  three- 
fourths  of  them  may  be  called  modern.  The 
earlier  sewers  were — as  I  have  described  under 
the  general  head — ditches,  which  in  time  were 
arched  over,  but  only  gradually  and  partially,  as 
suited  the  convenience  or  the  profit  of  the  owners 
of  property  alongside  those  open  channels,  some 
of  which  thus  presented  the  appearance  of  a 
series  of  small  uncouth-looking  bridges.  "When 
these  bridges  had  to  be  connected  so  as  to  form 
the  summit  of  a  continuous  sewer,  they  presented 
every  variety  of  arch,  both  at  their  outer  and 
under  sides ;  those  too  near  the  surface  had  to  be 
lowered.  Some  of  these  sewers,  however,  were 
in  the  first  instances  connected,  despite  difference 
of  size  and  irregularity  of  form.  The  result  may 
be  judged  from  the  account  I  have  given  of  the 
strange  construction  of  some  of  the  Westminster 
sewers,  under  the  head  of  "  subterranean  survey." 

How  modern  the  City  sewers  are  may  best  be 
estimated  from  the  following  table  of  what  may 
be  called  the  dates  of  their  construction.  The 
periods  are  given  decennially  as  to  the  progress  of 
the  formation  of  new  sewers  : — 


Feet. 

Feet. 

1707  to  1717  .  2,805 

1777 

to 

1787  .  8,693 

1717  „  1727v.  2,110 

1787 

7» 

1797  .  3,118 

1727  „  1737  .  2,763 

1797 

»> 

1807  .  5,116 

1737  „  1747  .  1,238 

1807 

1817  .  5,097 

1747  „  1757  .  3,736 

1817 

,j 

1827  .  7,847 

1757  „  1767  .  3,736 

1767  „  1777  .  7,597 

52,810 

1827  to  1837   . 

. 

.  39,072  feet. 

1837  to  1847   . 

• 

.  88,363  „ 

127,435 
Thus  the  length  made  in  the  20  years  previous 


to  1847  was  more  than  double  all  that  was  made 
during  the  preceding  120  years ;  while  in  the  ten 
years  from  1837  to  1847,  the  addition  to  the 
lineal  extent  of  sewerage  was  very  nearly  equal  to 
all  that  had  been  made  in  130  years  previously. 
'  This  addition  of  127,485  feet,  or  rather  more 
than  24  miles,  seems  but  a  small  matter  when 
"  London"  is  thought  of;  but  the  reader  must  be 
reminded  that  only  a  small  portion  (comparatively) 
of  the  metropolis  is  here  spoken  of,  and  the  entire 
length  of  the  City  sewerage,  at  the  close  of  1847, 
was  but  44  miles ;  so  that  the  additions  I  have 
specified  as  having  been  made  since  1837,  were 
more  than  one-half  of  the  whole.  The  re-con- 
structions are  not  included  in  the  metage  I  have 
given,  for,  as  the  new  sewers  generally  occupied  the 
same  site  as  the  old,  they  did  not  add  to  the 
length  of  the  whole. 

The  total  length  of  the  City  sewerage  was,  on 
the  31st  December,  1851,  no  less  than  49  miles  ; 
while  the  entire  public  way  was  at  the  same  recent 
period,  51  miles  (containing  about  1000  sefiarate 
and  distinct  streets,  lanes,  courts,  alleys,  &c.,  &c,) ; 
and  I  am  assured  that  in  another  year  or  so,  not 
a  furlong  of  the  whole  City  will  be  unsewered. 

"  The  more  ancient  sewers  usually  have  upright 
walls,  a  flat  or  slightly-curved  invert,  and  a  semi- 
circular or  gothic  arch.  The  form  of  such  as  have 
been  built  apparently  more  than  20  j'ears  ago,  is 
that  of  two  semicircles,  of  which  the  upper  has  a 
greater  radius,  connected  by  sloping  side  walls ; 
those  of  recent  construction  are  egg-shaped.  The 
main  lines  are  not  unfrequently  elliptic  ;  in  the  case 
of  the  Fleet,  and  other  ancient  afl^luents  of  the 
Thames,  the  forms  and  dimensions  vary  consider- 
ably. Instances  occur  of  sewers  built  entirely  of 
stone ;  but  the  material  is  almost/invariably  brick, 
most  commonly  9  inches  in  substance ;  the  larger 
sewers  14,  and  sometimes  18  inches. 

The  falls  or  inclinations  in  the  course  of  the 
City  sewerage  vary  greatly,  as  much  as  from  1  in 
240  to  1  in  24,  or,  in  the  first  case,  from  a  fall  of 
22  feet,  in  the  latter,  of  course,  to  ten  times  such 
fall,  or  220  feet  per  mile.  There  are,  moreover, 
a  few  cases  in  which  the  inclination  is  as  small  as 
1  in  960 ;  others  where  it  is  as  high  as  1  in  14. 
This  irregularity  is  to  be  accounted  for,  partly  by 
the  want  of  system  in  the  old  times,  and  partly 
from  the  natural  levels  of  the  ground.  The  want 
of  system  and  the  indifference  shown  to  providing 
a  proper  fall,  even  where  it  was  not  difficult,  was 
more  excusable  a  few  years  back  than  it  would  be 
at  the  present  time,  for  when  some  of  these 
sewers  were  built,  the  drainage  of  the  house- 
refuse  into  them  was  not  contemplated. 

The  number  of  houses  drained  into  the  Ciiy 
sewers  is,  as  precisely  as  such  a  matter  can  be 
ascertained,  11,209  ;  the  number  drained  into  the 
cesspools  is  5030.  This  shows  a  preponderance 
of  drainage  into  the  sewers  of  6179.  The  length 
of  the  house-drains  in  the  City,  at  an  average  of 
50  feet  to  each  house,  may  be  estimated  at  upwards 
of  106  miles.  These  City  drains  are  included  in 
the  general  computation  of  the  metropolis. 

The  gully-drains  in  the  City  are  more  frequent 
than  in  other  parts  of  the  metropolis,  owing  to  the 


LOITLON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


405 


continaal  interaeetion  of  streets,  &c.,  and  perhaps 
from  a  closer  care  of  the  sewerage  and  all  matters 
connected  with  it.  The  general  average  of  the 
gully-drains  I  hare  shown  to  be  59  for  every  mile 
of  street.  I  am  assured  that  in  the  City  the 
street-drains  rm.\  be  safely  estimated  at  Q5  to  the 
mile.  Estimating  the  streets  gullied  within  the 
City,  then,  at  an  avenige  of  50  miles,  or  about  a 
mile  more  than  the  sewers,  the  number  of  gully- 
drains  is  3250,  and  the  length  of  them  about  50 
miles ;  but  these,  like  the  house-drains,  have  been 
already  included  in  the  metropolitan  enumeration. 
The  actual  sum  expended  yearly  upon  the  con- 
struction, and  repairs,  and  improvements  of  the 
City  sewers  cannot  be  cited  as  a  distinct  item, 
because  the  Court  makes  the  return  of  the  aggre- 
gate annual  expenditure,  as  regards  pavement, 
cleansing,  and  the  matters  specified  as  the  general 
expenditure  under  the  Court  of  Commissioners  of 
the  City  Sewers.  The  cost,  however,  of  the 
construction  of  sewers  comprised  within  the  civic 
boundaries  is  included  in  the  general  metropolitan 
estimate  before  given. 


Op  the  Outlets,  Ramipicatioss,  etc.,  op 
THE  Sewers. 

Ik  this  enumeration  I  speak  only  of  the 
public  outlets  into  the  river,  controlled  and  regu- 
lated by  public  officers. 

The  orifices  or  mouths  of  the  sewers  where 
they  discharge  themselves  into  the  Thames,  be- 
ginning from  their  eastern,  and  following  them 
seriatim  to  their  western  extremity,  are  as 
follows  : — 


Limehoaie  Hole. 
Irongatg  Wharf. 
Ratcliffe  Cross. 
Fox-Une,  ShadweU. 
London  Dock. 
St.  Katharines  Dock. 
The  eleven  City  outlets, 

which  I  shall  apecify 

hereafter. 
Essex-street,  Strand. 
Norfolk-street,  Strand. 
Durham  Hill   (or  Adel- 

Nomumberland-itreet. 
Scotland-yard. 


Bridge-Btreet,  ^  West 


Pimlico. 

Cubitt's(also  in  Pimlico). 

Chelsea  Bridge. 

Fulham  Bridge. 

Hammersmith  Bridge. 

Sandford  Bridge  (into 
a  sort  of  creek  of  the 
Thames),  or  near  the 
four  bridges. 

Twickenham. 

Hampton. 

In  all,  32. 


Tower  Dock.  - 
Pool  Quay. 
Custom  House. 
New  Walbrook. 
Dowgate  Dock. 
Hamburg  Wharf. 
Puddle  Dock. 


It  might  only  weary  the  reader  to  enumerate 
the  outlets  on  the  Surrey  side  of  the  Thames, 
which  arc  28  in  number,  so  that  the  public  sewer 
outlets  of  the  whole  metropolis  are  (iO  in  nil. 

The  public  *ewer  outlets  from  the  City  of  Lon- 
don into  the  Thames  are,  as  I  have  said,  eleven 
in  number,  or  rather  they  are  usually  represented 
as  eleven,  t'  re  twelve  such 

^fic«— t^  I'm"  Custom- 

House  8e\v..._  „  .....  „..i.iitt)  being  com- 
puted as  one.  These  outleu,  generally  sj^ing 
the  most  ancient  in  the  whole  metropolis,  are — 


London  Bridge. 
Ancient  Walbrook. 
Pauls  Wharf 
The  Fleet-street   Sewer 
at  Blackfriars  Bridge. 
(I    mention    these  four 
first,  because  they  are 
the  largest  outlets). 
Until  recently,  there  was  alsoWhitefriars  Docks, 
but  this  is  now  attached  to    the    Fleet    Sewer 
outlet. 

The  Fleet  Sewer  is  the  oldest  in  London.  Ko 
portion  of  the  ditch  or  river  composing  it  is  now 
uncovered  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  City;  but 
until  a  little  more  than  eleven  years  ago  a  portion 
of  it,  north  of  Holborn,  was  uncovered,  and  had 
been  uncovered  for  years.  Indeed,  as  I  have  be- 
fore intimated,  barges  and  small  craft  were  em- 
ployed on  the  Fleet  River,  and  the  City  deter- 
mined to  "  encourage  its  .navigation."  Even  the 
"  polite  "  Earl  of  Chesterfield,  a  century  ago  (for 
his  lordship  was  born  in  1694,  and  died  in  1773), 
when  asked  by  a  Frenchman  in  Paris,  if  there 
was  in  London  a  river  to  compare  to  the  Seine  1  re- 
plied that  there  certainly  was,  and  it  was  called 
Fleet  Ditch  !  This  is  now  the  sewer  ;  but  it  was 
not  a  covered  sewer  until  1765,  when  the  Cor- 
poration ordered  it  to  be  built  over. 

The  next  oldest  sewer  outlet  is  that  at  London 
Bridge,  and  London  antiquaries  are  not  agreed  as 
to  whether  it  or  the  Fleet  is  the  oldest. 

The  Fleet  Sewer  at  Blackfriars  Bridge  is  18  feet 
high ;  between  Tudor-street  and  Fleet  Bridge 
(about  the  foot  of  Ludgate-hill),  14  feet  3  inches 
high  ;  at  Holborn  Bridge,  13  feet;  and  in  its  con- 
tinuation in  the  long-unfinished  Victoria-street, 
12  feet  3  inches.  In  all  these  localities  it 
is  12  feet  wide. 

The  New  London  Bridge  Sewer,  built  or  re- 
built, wholly  or  partly,  in  1830,  is  10  feet  by 
8  at  its  outlet ;  decreasing  to  the  south  end  of 
King  William-street,  where  it  is  9  feet  by  7 ; 
while  it  is  8  feet  by  7  in  Moorgate-street. 

Paul's  Wharf  sewer  is  7  feet  6  inches  by  5  feet 
6  inches  near  the  outlet. 

With  the  one  exception  of  the  Fleet  Riv>er,  none 
of  the  City  sewer  outlets  are  covered,  the  Fleet 
outlet  being  covered  even  at  low  water.  The 
issue  from  the  others  runs  in  open  ch;innels  upon 
the  shore. 

Mr.  Haywood  (February  12,  1850),  in  a  report 
of  the  City  Sewer  Transactions  and  Works,  ob- 
serves,— "  During  the  year  (1849)  the  outlet  sewers 
at  Billingsgate  and  Whitefriars,  two  of  the  outlets 
of  main  sewers  which  discharged  at  the  line  of 
the  River  Wall,  have  been  diverted  (times  of 
storm  excepted)  ;  there  remain,  therefore,  but 
eleven  main  outlets  within  the  jurisdiction  of  this 
commission,  which  discharge  their  waters  at  the 
line  of  the  River  Wall. 

"  As  a  temporary  measure,  it  is  expedient  to 
convey  the  sewage  of  the  whole  of  the  outlets 
within  the  City  by  covered  culverts,  below  low- 
water  mark ;  this  subject  has  been  under  the  con- 
sideration both  of  this  Commission  and  the  Navi- 
gation Committee." 


406 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR, 


Whether  the  covered  culvert  is  better  than 
the  open  run,  is  a  matter  disputed  among  en- 
gineers (as  are  very  many  other  matters  connected 
with  sewerage),  and  one  into  which  I  need  not 
enter. 

Mr.  Haywood  says  further  :— "  The  Fleet 
sewer  already  discharges  its  average  flow,  by  a 
culvert,  below  low- water  mark  ;  with  one  exception 
only,  I  believe,  none  of  the  numerous  outlets, 
which,  for  a  length  of  many  miles,  discharge  at 
intervals  into  the  Thames  at  the  line  of  the 
River  Wall,  both  within  and  without  your  juris- 
diction, discharge  by  culverts  in  a  similar  man- 
ner." 

These  eleven  outlets  are  far  from  being  the 
whole  number  which  give  their  contents  into  "  the 
silver  bosom  of  the  Thames,"  along  the  bank-line 
of  the  City  jurisdiction.  There  are  (including  the 
11)  182  outlets;  but  these  are  not  under  the 
control  (unless  in  cases  of  alteration,  nuisance, 
&c.)  of  the  Court  of  Sewers.  They  are  the  outlets 
from  the  drainage  of  the  wharfs,  public  ^buildings, 
or  manufactories  (such  as  gas-works,  &c.)  on  the 
banks  of  the  river;  and  the  right  to  form  such 
outlets  having  been  obtained  from  the  Navigation 
Committee,  who,  under  the  Lord  Mayor,  are 
conservators  of  the  Thames,  the  care  of  them  is 
regarded  as  a  private  matter,  and  therefore  does 
not  require  further  notice  in  this  work.  The 
officers  of  the  City  Court  of  Sewers  observe 
these  outlets  in  their  rounds  of  inspection,  but 
interfere  only  on  application  from  any  party  con- 
cerned, unless  a  nuisance  be  in  existence. 
.  To  convc}''  a  more  definite  notion  of  the  ex- 
tent and  ramified  sweep  of  the  sewers,  I  will  now 
describe  (for  the  first  time  in  print)  some  of  the 
chief  Seiver  Ramifications,  and  then  show  the 
proportionate  or  average  number  of  public  ways, 
of  inhabited  houses,  and  of  the  population  to 
each  great  main  sewer,  distinguishing,  in  this 
instance,  those  as  great  main  sewers  which  have 
an  outlet  into  the  Thames. 

The  reader  should  peruse  the  following  accounts 
with  the  assistance  of  a  map  of  the  environs,  for, 
thus  aided,  he  will  be  better  able  to  form  a  defi^- 
nite  notion  of  the  curiously-mixed  and  blended 
extent  of  the  sewerage  already  spoken  of. 

First,  then,  as  to  the  ramifications  of  the  great 
and  ancient  Fleet  outlet.  From  its  mouth,  so  to 
speak,  near  Blackfriars  Bridge,  its  course  is  not 
parallel  with  any  public  way,  but,  running  some- 
what obliquely,  it  crosses  below  Tudor-street  into 
Bridge-street,  Blackfriars,  then  occupies  the  centre 
of  Farringdon-street,  and  that  street's  prolonga- 
tion or  intended  prolongation  into  the  New  Vic- 
toria-street (the  houses  in  this  locality  having  been 
pulled  down  long  ago,  and  the  spot  being  now 
popularly  known  as  "the  ruins"),  and  continues 
until  the  City  portion  of  the  Fleet  Sewer  meets 
the  Metropolitan  jurisdiction  between  Saflfron  and 
Mutton  hills,  the  junction,  so  to  call  it,  being 
"under  the  houses"*  (a  common  phrase  among  flush- 

•  This  outlet  is  known  to  the  flushermen,  &c.,  as 
"  below  the  backs  of  houses,"  from  its  derious  course 
wider  the  houses  without  pursuing  any  direct  line  parallel 
with  the  open  part  of  the  streets. 


ermen).  A  little  farther  on  it  connects  itself  with 
an  open  part  of  the  Fleet  Ditch,  running  at  the 
back  of  Turnmill-street,  Clerkenwell.  In  its  City 
course,  the  sewer  receives  the  issue  from  150 
public  ways  (including  streets,  alleys,  courts, 
lanes,  tScc),  which  are  emptied  into  it  from  the 
second,  third,  or  smaller  class  sewers,  from  Lud- 
gate-hill  and  its  proximate  streets,  the  St.  Paul's 
localit}'.  Fleet-street  and  its  adjacent  communica- 
tions in  public  ways,  with  a  series  of  sewers 
running  down  from  parts  of  Smithfield,  &c.  The 
greatest  accession  of  sewage,  however,  which  the 
Fleet  receives  from  one  issue,  is  a  few  yards 
beyond  where  the  Citj'  has  merged  into  the . 
Metropolitan  jurisdiction ;  this  accession  is  from 
a  first-class  sewer,  known  as  "the  Whitecross- 
street  sewer,"  because  running  from  that  street, 
and  carrj'ing  into  the  Fleet  the  contributions  of 
60  crowded  streets. 

After  the  junction  of  the  covered  City  sewer 
with  the  uncovered  ditch  in  Clerkenwell,  the 
Fleet-river  sewer  (again  covered)  skirts  round 
Cold  Bath  Fields  Prison  (the  Middlesex  House  of 
Correction),  runs  through  Clerkenwell-green  into 
the  Bagnigge  Wells-road,  so  on  to  Battle-bridge 
and  King's-cross ;  then  along  the  Old  Saint  Pan- 
cras-road,  and  thence  to  the  King's-road  (a  name 
now  almost  extinct),  where  the  St.  Pancras  Work- 
house stands  close  by  the  turnpike-gate.  Along 
Upper  College-street  (Camden-town)  is  then  the 
direction  of  this  great  sewer,  and  running  under 
the  canal  at  the  higher  part  of  Camden-town, 
near  the  bridge  by  the  terminus  of  the  Great 
North  Western  Railway,  it  branches  into  the 
highways  and  thoroughfares  of  Kentish-town,  of 
Highgate,  and  of  Hampstead,  respective!}',  and 
then,  at  what  one  informant  described  as  "  the 
outside"  of  those  places,  receives  the  open  ditches, 
which  form  the  further  sewerage,  under  the  control 
of  the  Commissioners,  who  cause  them  to  be 
cleansed  regularly. 

In-order  to  show  more  consecutively  the  direc- 
tion, from  place  to  place,  in  straight,  devious,  or 
angular  course,  of  this  the  most  remarkable  sewer 
of  the  world,  considering  the  extent  of  the  drain- 
age into  it,  I  have  refrained  from  giving  beyond 
the  Whitecross-street  connection  with  the  Fleet, 
an  account  of  the  number  of  streets  sewered  into 
this  old  civic  stream.  I  now  proceed  to  supply 
the  deficiency. 

From  a  large  outlet  at  Clerkenwell-gre^  (a 
very  thickly-built  neighbourhood)  flows  the  con- 
nected sewage  of  100  streets.  At  Maiden-lane, 
beyond  King's-cross,  a  district  which  is  now  being 
built  upon  for  the  purposes  of  the  Great  Northern 
Railway,  the  sewage  of  10  streets  is  poured  into 
it.  In  the  course  of  this  sewer  along  Camden- 
town,  it  receives  the  issue  of  some  20  branches,  or 
40  streets,  &c.  About  15  other  issues  are  received 
before  the  open  ditches  of  Kentish-town,  Highgate, 
and  Hampstead  are  encountered. 

It  is  not,  however,  merely  the  sewage  collected 
in  the  precincts  of  the  City  proper,  which  is  "out- 
letted"  (as  I  heard  a  flusherman  call  it)  into  the 
Thames.  Other  districts  are  drained  into  the 
large  City  outlets  nearing  the  river.     "  Many  of 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


iO) 


your  TTorks,"  says  Mr.  Haywood,  the  City  sur- 

veyer,  in  a  report  addressed  to  the  City  Commis- 

I      sioners,   Oct.  23,  1849,"   have  been  beneticially 

I      felt  by  districts  some  miles  distant  from  the  City. 

Twenty-nine  outlets  have  been  provided  by  you 

for  the  sewage  of  the  County  of  Middlesex  ;  the 

high  land  of  and  about  Hampstead,  diains  througli 

the  Fleet  sewer;  HoUoway  and  a  portion  of  Isling- 

I      tun  can  now  be  drained  by  the   London  Bridge 

sewer ;  Norton  Folgate  and  the  densely-populated 

districts  adjacent  are  also  relieved  by  it." 

On  the  other  hand,  the  Irongate  sewer  (one  of 
the  most  important),  which  has  its  outlet  in  the 
Tower  Hamlets,  drains  a  portion  of  the  City. 

The  reader  must  bear  in  mind,  also,  that  were 
he  to  traverse  the  Fleet  sewer  in  the  direction  de- 
scribed— for  all  the  men  I  conversed  with  on  the 
subject,  if  asked  to  show  the  course  of  sewerage 
with  which  they  were  familiar,  began  from,  the 
outlet  into  the  Thames — the  reader,  I  say,  must 
remember  that  he  would  be  advancing  all  the  way 
agaimt  the  stream,  in  a  direction  in  which  he 
would  find  the  sewage  flowing  onward  to  its 
mouth,  while  his  course  would  be  towards  its 
sources. 

On  the  left  hand  side  (for  the  account  before 
given  refers  only  to  the  right-hand  side)  proceeding 
in  the  same  direction,  after  passing  the  underground 
precincts  of  the  City  proper,  there  is  another 
addition  near  Saffron-hill,  of  the  sewage  of  30 
streets;  then  at  Gray's-inn-road  is  added  the 
sewage  of  100  streets  ;  New-road  (at  King's-cross), 
20  more  streets  ;  from  the  whole  of  Somers-town, 
a  populous  locality,  the  sewerage  concentrating 
all  the  busy  aud  crowded  places  round  about  "  the 
Brill,"  &c,  the  sewage  of  120  streets  is  received  ; 
and  at  Pratt-street,  Camden-town,  12  other  streets. 

Thus  into  this  sewage-current,  directed  to  one 
final  outlet,  are  drained  the  refuse  of  517  streets, 
including,  of  course,  a  variety  of  minor  thorough- 
fares, courts,  alleys,  &c.,  &c.,  as  in  the  neighbour- 
hoods of  Gray's-inn-road,  in  Clerkenwell,  Somers- 
town,  &c.  Some  of  these  tributaries  to  the  efflux 
of  the  sewage  are  "  barrel-drains,"  but  perform  the 

rction  of  sewers  along  small  courts,  where  there 
"no  thoroughfare"  either  upon,  or  hdow  the 
surface. 

The  Loudon  Bridge  sewer  runs  up  King  Wil- 
liam-street to  Moorgate-street,  along  Finsbury- 
square  into  the  City-road,  diverging  near  the 
NVharf-road,  which  it  crosses  undtr  the  canal 
near  the  Wenlock  basin,  and  thence  along  the 
Lower-road,  Uliogton,  by  Cock-lane,  through 
Hijrhbury-vale ;  after  this,  at  the  extremity  of 
li  \  y,  the  open  ditches,  as  in  the  former 
I      carry  on  the  convevance  of  sewage  from 

'lolars'Pond  Sewer — which  seems 

■   ■' Commissioners  more  trouble  than 

any   other,    in    its  connection  with   Buckingham 

Palace,  St.  James's  Park,  and  th«»  new  Houses  of 

I'.r  ;  i:i 'lit — runs  from  Chi-1>  istCubitt's 

.,!>«,  and  along  the    i  to  Eaton- 

(-  I  ..iif,   th"    '■•*"■'••  "f  wh''  ■    ,  I    into   it  ; 

ilic-u  ''til  .'.-  •:•'•  II  :f.    .'    -ribed  it,  it 

approach'  -  i:n    i'ai.Trr^    v,i.;;li,  with    its 


grounds,  as  well  as  a  portion  of  St.  James's  and 
the  Green  parks,  is  drained  into  this  sewer ; 
then  branching  away  for  the  reception  of  the 
sewage  from  the  houses  and  gardens  of  Chelsea, 
it  drains  Sloane-street,  and,  crossing  the  Knights- 
bridge-road,  rnns  through  or  across  Hyde-park  to 
the  Swan  at  Bayswater,  whence  its  course  is  by 
the  Westbourne  District  and  under  the  canal,  along 
Paddington,  until  it  attains  the  open  country,  or 
rather  the  grounds;  in  that  quarter,  which  have 
been  very  extensively  and  are  now  still  being 
built  over,  and  where  new  sewers  are  constructed 
simultaneously  with  new  streets. 

Thus  in  the  "  reach,"  as  I  heard  it  happily 
enough  designated,  of  each  of  these  great  sewers, 
the  reader  will  see  from  a  map  the  extent  of  the 
subterranean  metropolis  traversed,  alike  along 
crowded  streets  ringing  with  the  sounds  of  traffic, 
among  palatial  and  aristocratic  domains,  and  along 
the  parks  which  adorn  London,  as  well  as  winding 
their  ramifying  course  among  the  courts,  alleys, 
and  teeming  streets,  the  resorts  of  misery,  poverty, 
and  vice. 

Estimating,  then,  the  number  of  sewers  from  the 
number  of  their  river  outlets,  and  regarding  all 
the  rest  as  the  branches,  or  tributaries,  to  each  of 
these  superior  streams,  we  have,  adopting  the  area 
before  specified  as  being  drained  by  the  metropo- 
litan sewers,  via.,  58  square  miles,  the  following 
results : — 

Each  of  the  60  sewers  having  an  outlet  into  the 
Thames  drains  618  statute  acres. 

And  assuming  the  number  of  houses  included 
within  these  58  square  miles  to  be  200,000,'' and 
the  population  to  amount  to  1,500,000,  or  two- 
thirds  of  the  houses  and  people  included  in  the 
Registrar-General's  Metropolis,  we  may  say  that 
each  of  the  60  sewers  would  carry  into  the  Thames 
the  refuse  from  25,000  individuals  and  3333 
inhabited  houses.  This,  however,  is  partly  pre- 
vented by  the  cesspoolage  system,  which  supplies 
receptacles  for  a  proportion  of  the  refuse  that, 
were  London  to  be  rebuilt  according  to  the  provi- 
sions of  the  present  Building  and  Sanitary  Acts, 
would  all  be  carried,  without  any  interception, 
into  the  river  Thames  by  the  media  of  the 
sewers. 

In  my  account  of  cesspoolage  I  shall  endeavour 
to  show  the  extent  of  f;ecal  refuse,  &c.,  contained 
in  places  not  communicating  with  the  sewers,  and 
to  be  removed  by  the  labour  of  men  and  horses, 
as  well  as  the  amount  of  faxial  refuse  carried  into 
the  sewerage. 

'  Ov  THE  Qualities,  etc.,  op  the  Sewage. 

The  question  of  the  value,  the  uses,  and  the  best 
means  of  collecting  for  use,  the  great  mass  of  the 
sewage  of  the  metropolis,  seems  to  have  become 
complicated  by  the  statements  which  have  been 
of  late  years  put  forth  by  rival  projectors  and 
rival  companies.  In  our  smaller  country  towns, 
the  neighbourhood  of  many  being  remarkable  for 
fertility  and  for  a  green  beauty  of  meadow-land 
and  posturage,  the  refuse  of  the  towns,  whether 
sewage    or   cesspoolage    (if    not   washed   into    a 


408 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


current,  stream,  or  river),  is  purchased  by  the 
farmers,  and  carted  by  them  to  spread  upon  the 
land. 

By  sacage,  I  mean  the  contents  of  the  sewerage, 
or  of  the  series  of  sewers  ;  which  neither  at  pre- 
sent nor,  I  believe,  at  any  former  period,  has 
been  applied  to  any  useful  or  protitable  purpose 
by  the  metropolitan  authorities.  The  readiest 
mode  to  get  rid  of  it,  without  any  care  about 
ultimate  consequences,  has  always  been  resorted 
to,  and  that  mode  has  been  to  convey  it  into  the 
Thames,  and  leave  the  rest  to  the  current  of  the 
stream,  But  the  Thames  has  its  ebbs  as  well  as 
its  flow,  and  the  consequence  is  the  sewage  is 
I      never  got  rid  of. 

The  most  eminent  of  our  engineers  have  agreed 
I  that  it  is  a  very  important  consideration  how 
I  this  sewage  should  be  not  only  innocuously  but 
'  profitably  disposed  of;  and  if  not  profitably,  in 
I  an  immediate  money  return,  to  those  who  may  be 
i  considered  its  owners  (the  municipal  authorities 
'  of  the  kingdom),  at  least  profitably  in  a  national 
point  of  view,  by  its  use  in  the  restoration  or 
!  enrichment  of  the  fertility  of  the  soil,  and  the 
!  consequent  increase  of  the  food  of  man  and  beast, 
j  Sir  George   Staunton  has  pronounced  some  of 

j  the  tea-growing  parts  of  China  to  be  as  blooming 
j  as  an  English  nobleman's  flower-garden.  Every 
j  jot  of  manure,  human  ordure,  and  all  else,  is 
minutely  collected,  even  by  the  poorest. 

I  have  already  given  a  popular  account  of  the 
composition  of  the  metropolitan  sewage,  &c.  (under 
the  head  of  Wet  Refuse),  and  I  now  give  its 
scientific  analysis. 

In  some  districts  the  sewage  is  more  or  less  liquid 
• — in  what  proportion  has  not  been  ascertained — 
and  I  give,  in  the  first  place,  an  analysis  of  the 
sewage  of  the  King's  Scholars'  Pond  Sewer,  West- 
minster, the  result  having  been  laid  before  a  Com- 
mittee of  the  House  of  Commons,  As  the  con- 
tents of  the  great  majority  of  sewers  must  be 
the  same,  because  resulting  from  the  same  natural 
or  universally  domestic  causes  (as  in  the  refuse 
of  cookery,  washing,  surface-water,  &c.),  the  ana- 
lysis of  the  sewage  of  the  King's  Scholars'  Pond 
Sewer  may  be  accepted  as  one  of  sewer-matter 
generally. 

Evidence  was  given  before  the  committee  as  to 
the  proportion  of  "land-drainage  icater"  to  what 
was  really  manure,  in  the  matter  derived  from  the 
sewer  in  question,  A  produce  of  140  grains  of 
manure  was  derived  from  a  gallon  of  sewer-water. 
Messrs,  Brande  and  Cooper,  the  analyzers,  also 
state  that  one  gallon  (10  lbs,  ])  of  the  liquid  por- 
tion of  the  sewage,  evaporated  to  dryness,  gave 
85"3  grains  of  solid  matter,  74-8  grains  of  which 
was  a''ain  soluble,  and  contained — 


Ammonia 

.     3-29 

Sulphuric  acid 

,     0-62 

Phosphate  of  lime     . 

.     0-29 

Lime 

.     6-25 

Chlorine  . 

.  10-00 

Phosphate  of  lime 
Carbonate  of  lime 
Silica       . 


2-32 
1-94 
6-28 


10-54 


The  deposit  from  another  gallon  weighed  55 
grains,  of  which  21-22  were  combustible,  being 
composed  of  animal  matter  "  rich  in  nitrogen," 
some  vegetable  matter,  and  a  quantity  of  fat.  Of 
this  matter  33-75  grains  consisted  of 

Phosphate  of  lime      .         .         .  6-81 

Oxide  of  iron    ....  2-01 

Carbonate  of  lime      .         .          .  1-75 

Sulpliate  of  lime        .         .         .  1-53 

Earthy  matter  and  sand     .         .  21-65 


\ 


33-75 


"and  potass  and  soda,  with  a  large  quantity  of 
Bolubleand  vegetable  matter,  and  1054  insoluble." 
This  insoluble  portion  consisted  of 


Other  Reports  and  other  evidence  show  that 
what  is  described  as  "  earthy  matter  and  sand  " 
is  the  mac,  mud,  and  the  mortar  or  concrete  used  in 
pavement,  washed  from  the  surface  of  the  streets 
into  the  sewers  by  heavy  rains  ;  otherwise  for  the 
most  part  the  proper  load  of  the  scavager's  cart. 

Further  analyses  might  be  adduced,  but  with 
merely  such  variation  in  the  result  as  is  in- 
evitable from  the  state  of  the  weather  when  the 
sewage  is  drawn  forth  for  examination;  whether 
the  day  on  which  this  is  done  happens  to  be  dry 
or  wet  *, 

It  has  been  ascertained,  but  the  exact  propor- 
tion is  not,  and  perhaps  cannot  be,  given,  that 
the  extent  of  covered  to  uncovered  surface  in  the 
district  drained  by  the  King's  Scholars'  Pond 
Sewer  was  as  3  to  1,  while  that  of  the  Ranelagh 
Sewer,  not  far  distant,  was  as  1  to  3,  at  the  time 
of  the  inquiry  (1848), 

"  It  could  not  be  expected,  therefore,"  says 
the  Report,  "that  the  Ranelagh  Sewer  (which, 
moreover,  is  open  to  the  admission  of  the  tide  at 
its  mouth),  in  the  quantity  or  quality  of  the  ma- 
nure produced,  could  bear  any  proportion  to  the 
King's  Scholars'  Pond  Sewer," 

Mr.  Smith,  of  Deanston,  stated  in  evidence, 
that  the  average  quantity  of  rain  falling  in|p 
King's  Scholars'  Pond  Sewer  was  139,934,586 
cubic  feet  in  a  year,  and  he  assumes  6,000,000 
tons  as  the  amount  of  average  minimum  quantity 
of  drainage  (yearly),  yielding  4  cwt,  of  solid  mat- 
ter in  each  100  tons  =  1  in  500. 

*  The  following  is  the  analysis  of  a  gallon  of  sewage, 
also  dried  to  evaporation,  by  Professor  Miller  :— 

Ammonia 3-26 

Phosphoric  acid 0-44 

Potash 1-02 

Silica 0-54 

Lime 7-54 

Magnesia 1-87 

Common  salt 13H6 

Sulphuric  acid 7-<'4 

Carbonic  acid 4-41 

Combustible  matter,  containing  ()-34 

nitrogen 5"80 

Traces  of  oxide  of  iron. 

Making  in  solution    .        ,        .        .  45*58 

Matters  in  suspension,  consisting  of 
combustible  matters,  sand,  lime, 
and  oxide  of  iron        .  .        .  44-50 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


409 


Dr.  Granville  said,  on  the  same  inquiry,  that 
he  should  be  sorry  to  receive  on  his  land  500  tons 
of  diluted  sewer  water  (such  as  that  from  the  un- 
covered Ranclagh  Sewer)  for  1  ton  of  really  fer- 
tilizing sewage,  such  as  that  to  be  derived  from 
the  King's  Scholars'  Pond  Sewer. 

I  could  easily  multiply  these  analyses,  and  give 
further  parliamentary  or  official  statements,  but, 
as  the  results  are  the  same,  I  will  merely  give 
some  extracts  from  the  evidence  of  Dr.  Arthur 
Hassall,  as  to  the  microscopic  constituents  of 
sewage- water  : — 

s:  "  I  have  examined,"  he  said,  "  the  sewer-water 
of  several  of  the  principal  sewers  of  London.  I 
found  in  it,  amongst  many  other  things,  much  de- 
composing vegetable  matter,  portions  of  the  husks 
and  the  hairs  of  the  down  of  wheat,  the  cells  of 
the  potato,  cabbage,  and  other  vegetables,  while  I 
detected  but  few  forms  of  animal  life,  those  en- 
countered for  the  most  part  being  a  kind  of  worm 
or  analid,  and  a  certain  species  of  animalcule  of 
the  genus  nionas.'' 

"  How  do  you  account,"  the  Doctor  was  asked, 
"for  the  comparative  absence  of  animal  life  in  the 
water  of  most  sewers  1"  "It  is,  doubtless,  to  be 
attributed,''  he  replied,  "in  a  great  measure,  to  the 
large  quantity  of  sulphuretted  hydrogen  contained 
in  sewer-water,  and  which  is  continually  being 
evolved  by  the  decomposing  substances  included 
in  it." 

"  Have  you  any  evidence  to  show  that  sewer- 
water  does  contain  sulphuretted  hydrogen 
in  such  large  quantity  as  to  be  prejudicial  and 
even  fatal  to  animal  life  ]  "  "  With  a  view  of  de- 
termining this  question,  I  made  the  following 
experiments  :  —  A  given  quantity  of  Thames 
water,  known  to  contain  living  infusoria,  was 
added  to  an  equal  quantity  of  sewer- water ;  exa- 
mined a  few  minutes  afterwards,  the  animalculae 
were  found  to  be  either  de.ad  or  deprived  of  loco- 
motive power  and  in  a  dying  state.  A  small 
fisb,  placed  in  a  wine  glass  of  sewer-water,  imme- 
diately gave  signs  of  distress,  and,  after  struggling 
violently,  floated  on  its  side,  and  would  have 
perished  in  a  few  seconds,  had  it  not  been  re- 
moved and  placed  in  fresh  water.  A  bird  placed 
in  a  glass  bell-jar,  into  which  the  gas  evolved  by 
the  sewer-water  was  allowed  to  pass,  after  strug- 
gling a  good  deal,  and  showing  other  symptoms  of 
the  action  of  the  gas,  suddenly  fell  on  its  side, 
and,  although  immediately  removed  into  fresh  air, 
w.i;^  found  to  be  dead.  These  experiments  were 
nuuif,  in  t'l"  first  instance,  with  the  sewer  water 
of  the  Friai-strect  newer  (near  the  Blackfriars- 
rraii);  they  were  afterwards  repeated  with  the 
\v,it>T  of  six  other  sewers  on  the  Middlesex  side, 
ar.d  with  the  8:ime  result,  as  respects  the  animal- 
cul.i;  and  fish,  but  not  the  bird  ;  this,  although 
,..  :  ....  .!,.  ,„ut;h  affected  by  the  noxious  emanations 
■  •T-water,  yet  survived  the  experiment." 
;.  1  you  infer  from  these  experiments  that 

•  r- water,  as  contained  in  the  Thames  near  to 

I.    lion,  is  prejudicial   to   health]"     "I    would, 

;    1    i'ledly  ;  and  regard  the  Thames  in  the 

rhood  of  the  metropolis  as  nothing  less 


I  "  You  have  just  stated  that  you  found  sewer- 
water  to  contain  much  vegetable  matter,  and  but 

!  few   forms  of  animal  life ;  the   vegeUible   matter 

I  you  recognised,  I  presume,  by  the  character  of  the 
cells  composing  the  several  vegetable  tissues?" 
"  Yes,  as  also  by  the  action  of  iodine  on  the  starch 
of  the  vegetable  matter." 

"  In  what  way  do  you  suppose  these  various 
veget;ible  cells,  the  husks  of  wheat,  &c.,  reach  the 

!  sewers?"      "They  doubtless    proceed   from    the 

foecal   matter   contained   in    sewage,  and   not  in 

general  from  the  ordinary  refuse  of  the  kitchen, 

which  usually  finds  its  way  into  the  dust-bin." 

"  Sewer-water,    then,  although   containing  but 

'  few  forms  of  animal  life,   yet  contains,  in  large 

I  quantities,  the  food  upon  which  most  animalculae 
feed?"  "  Yes  ;  and  it  is  this  circumstance  which 
explains  the  vast  abundance  of  infusorial  life  in 
the  water  of  the  Thames  within  a  few  miles  of 
London." 

The  same  gentleman  (a  fellow  of  the  Linnaean 
Society,  and  the  author  of  "  A  History  of  the 
British  Fresh-water  Algae,"'  or  water-weeds  con- 
sidered popularly),  in  answer  to  the  following 
inquiries  in  connection  with  this  subject,  also 
said  : — 

I  "  What  species  of  infusoria  represent  the  highest 
degree  of  impurity  in  water?"  "The  several 
species  of  the  genera  O.vi/tricha  and  JParamC' 
cium." 

"  What  species  is  most  abundant  in  the  Thames 
from  Kew  Bridge  to  Woolwich  ?"  "  The  Para- 
mea'um  Chrysalis  of  Ehrenberg ;  this  occurs  in 
all  seasons  of  the  year,  and  in  all  conditions  of 
the  river,  in  vast  and  incalculable  numbers ;  so 
much  so,  that  a  quart  bottle  of  Thames  water,  ob- 
tained in  any  condition  of  the  tide,  is  sure  to  be 
found,  on  examination  with  the  microscope,  to 
contain  these  creatures  in  great  quantity'." 

"  Do  you  find  that  the  infusorium  of  which  you 
have  spoken  varies  in  number  in  the  different 
parts  of  the  river  between  Kew  Bridge  and 
Woolwich  ?  "  "I  find  that  it  is  most  abundant 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  bridges."  [Where 
the  outlet  of  the  sewers  is  common.] 

"  Then  the  order  of  impurity  of  Thames  water, 
in  your  view,  would  be  the  order  in  which  it  ap- 
proaches the  centre  of  London  ?"     "  Yes." 

"  You  find  then,  in  Thames  water,  abnut  the 
bridges,  things  decidedly  connected  with  the 
sewer  water,  as  vegetable  and  animal  matter  in  a 
state  of  decomposition?"  "I  do;  about  the 
bridges,  and  in  the  neighbourhood  of  London, 
there  is  very  little  living  vegetable  matter  on 
which  animalculae  could  live ;  the  only  source  of 
supply  which  they  have  is  the  organic  matter  con- 
tained in  se'rtr-water,  and  which  is  to  be  regarded 
as  the  food  of  these  creatures.  Where  infusoria 
abound,  under  circumstances  not  connected  with 
sewage,  vegetable  matter  in  a  living  condition  is 
certain  to  be  met  with." 

Kespecting  the  uees  of  l/ie  setra^e,  I  may  add 
the  followin;^  brief  observations.  Without  wishing 
in  any  way  to  prejudice  the  question  (indeed  the 
reader  will  bear  in  mind  that  I  have  all  along 
spoken  reprovingly  of  the  waste  of  sewage),  I  am 


410 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


bound  to  say  that  tlie  opinions  I  heard  during  ! 
my  inquiry  from  gentlemen  scientifically  and,  iu  i 
some  instances,  practically  fumiliar  with  the  sub-  | 
ject,  concurred  in  the  conclusion  that  the  sevage  j 
of  the  metropolis  cannot,  with  all  the  applications  { 
of  scientific  skill  and  apparatus,  be  made  either  | 
sufficiently  portable  or  efficacious  for  the  purposes 
of  manure  to  assure  a   proper  pecuniary  return. 
In   this   matter,  perhaps,    speculators   have    not 
traced  a  sufficient  distinction  between  the  liquid  ; 
manure  of  the  sewers  and  the  " jyoudrettc,"  or  dr}'  ! 
manure,  manufactured  from  the  more   solid  ex- 
crenientitious  matter  of  the   cesspools,  not  only  ' 
in  Paris,  but,  until  lately,  even  iu  London,  where 
the  business  was  chiefly  in  the  hands  of   French- 
men.    The  staple  of  the  French  "  2wudretle"  is 
not   "  sevage,"  that   is,   the   outpourings  of  the 
sewers — for  this  is  carried  into  the    Seine,  and 
washed   away  with  little   inconvenience,  as  the 
tide    hardly  affects   that   river  in   Paris ;  but   it 
is  altogether    "  cess^poolage"  that  is,  the  deposit 
of  the  cesspools,  collected  in  fixed  and  moveable 
utensils,  regulated  by  the  "  universal "  police  of 
Paris,  and  conveyed  by  Government  labourers  to 
the  Voirees,  which  are  huge  reservoirs  of  night- 
soil  at  Montfaujon,  about  live  miles,  and  in  the 
Forest  of  Bondy,  about  ten  miles,  from  the  centre 
of   Paris.     The    London-made   manure  also   was 
all  of  cesspoolage ;  the  contents  of  the  nightman's 
cart  being  "shot"   in   the  manufacturer's  yard  ; 
and  when  so  manufactured  was,  I  believe,  with- 
out exception,  sent  to  the  sugar  growing  colonies, 
the  farmers  in  the  provinces  pronouncing  it  "  too 
hot"  for  the  ground.     The  same  complaint,  I  may 
observe,  has  been  made  of  the   French  manufec- 
tured  cesspool  manure.      I   heard,   on  the  other 
hand,  opinions  from  scientific  and  practical  gentle- 
men, that   the   sev/er-water  of   London    was    so 
diluted,  it  was  not  profitably  serviceable  for  the 
irrigation  of  land.     AH,  however,  agreed  that  the 
sewage  of  the  metropolis  ought  not  to  be  wasted, 
as  it  was  certain  that  perseverance  in  experiment 
(and  perhaps  a  large  outlay)  were  certain  to  make 
sewage  of  value. 

The  following  results,  which  the  Board  of 
Health  have  just  issued  in  a  Report,  containing 
"  Minutes  of  Information  attested  on  the  Applica- 
tion of  Sewer-water  and  Town  Manures  to  Agri- 
cultural Production,"  supply  the  latest  information 
on  this  subject.  The  Report  says  first,  that  "  to 
be  told  that  the  average  yield  of  a  county  is  30 
bushels  of  wheat  per  acre,  or  that  the  average 
weight  of  the  turnip  crop  is  15  tons  per  acre, 
means  very  little,  and  there  is  little  to  be  learned 
from  such  intelligence ;  but  if  it  is  shown  that  a 
certain  farm  under  the  usual  mode  of  culture 
yielded  certain  weights  per  acre,  and  that  the 
same  land,  by  improved  applications  of  the  same 
manure,  by  the  use  of  machinery,  and  by  employ- 
ing double  the  numler  of  hands,  at  increased 
wages,  is  made  to  yield  fourfold  the  weight  of 
crop  and  6f  better  qtiality  than  was  previously 
obtained,  a  lesson  is  set  before  us  worth 
learning." 

It  then  proceeds  to  cite  the  following  state- 
ments, on  the  authority  of  the  Hon.  Dudley  For- 


tescue,  as  to  the  efficiency  of  sewage- w-ater  as  a 
liquid  manure  applied  to  land. 

"  The  first  farm  we  visited  was  that  of  Craig- 
entinney,  situated  about  one  mile  and  a  half 
south-east  of  Edinburgh,  of  which  260  Scotch 
acres"  (a  Scotch  acre  is  one-fourth  more  than  any 
English  acre)  "  receive  a  considerable  proportion 
of  such  sewerage  as,  under  an  imperfect  system 
of  house-drainage,  is  at  present  derived  from  half 
the  city.  The  meadows  of  which  it  chiefly  con- 
sists have  been  put  under  irrigation  at  various 
times,  the  most  recent  addition  being  nearly  50 
acres  laid  out  in  the  course  of  last  year  and  the 
year  previous,  which,  lying  above  the  level  of  the 
rest,  are  irrigated  by  means  of  a  steam-engine. 
The  meadows  first  laid  out  are  watered  by  contour 
channels  following  the  inequalities  of  the  ground, 
after  the  fashion  commonly  adopted  in  Devon- 
shire ;  but  in  the  more  recent  parts  the  ground  is 
disposed  in  'panes'  of  half  an  acre,  served  by 
their  respective  feeders,  a  plan  which,  though 
somewhat  more  expensive  at  the  outset,  is  found 
preferable  in  practice.  The  Avhole  2G0  acres 
take  about  44  days  to  irrigate;  the  men 
charged  with  the  duty  of  shifting  the  water 
from  one  pane  to  another  give  to  each  plot 
about  two  hours'  irrigation  at  a  time;  and  the 
engine  serves  its  50  acres  in  ten  days,  work- 
ing day  and  night,  and  employing  one  man  at  the 
engine  and  another  to  shift  the  water.  The  pro- 
duce of  the  meadows  is  sold  by  auction  on  the 
ground,  *  rouped,'  as  it  is  termed,  to  the  cow- 
feeders  of  Edinburgh,  the  purchaser  cutting  and 
carrying  off  all  he  can  during  the  course  of  the 
letting,  which  extends  from  ^bout  the  middle  of 
April  to  October,  when  the  meadows  are  shut  up, 
but  the  irrigation  is  continued  through  the  winter. 
The  lettings  average  somewhat  over  201.  the  acre; 
the  highest  last  year  havi"ng  brought  31^.,  and  the 
lowest  91.;  these  last  Avere  of  very  limited  ex- 
tent, on  land  recently  denuded  in  laying  out  the 
ground,  and  consequently  much  below  its  natural 
level  of  productiveness.  There  are  four  cuttings 
in  the  year,  and  the  collective  weight  of  grass  cut 
in  parts  was  stated  at  the  extraordinary  amount 
of  80  tons  the  imperial  acre.  The  only  cost  of 
maintaining  these  meadows,  except  those  to  which 
the  water  is  pumped  by  the  engine,  consists  in 
the  employment  of  two  hands  to  turn  on  and  off 
the  water,  and  in  the  expense  of  clearing  out  the 
channels,  which  was  contracted  for  last  year  at 
29L,  and  the  value  of  the  refuse  obtained  was 
considered  fully  equal  to  that  sum,  being  applied 
in  manuring  parts  of  the  land  for  a  crop  of  turnips, 
which  with  only  this  dressing  in  addition  to  irri- 
gation with  the  sewage-water  presented  the  most 
luxm-iant  appearance.  The  crop,  from  present 
indications,  was  estimated  at  from  30  to  40  tons 
the  acre,  and  was  expected  to  realize  15.^.  the  ton 
sold  on  the  land.  From  calculations  made  on  the 
spot  we  estimated  the  produce  of  the  meadows 
during  the  eight  months  of  cutting  at  the  keep  of 
ten  cows  per  acre,  exclusive  of  the  distillery  re- 
fuse they  consume  in  addition,  at  a  cost  of  Is,  to 
Is.  6d.  per  head  per  week.  The  sea-meadows 
present    a  particularly   striking    example   of  the 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDOX  POOR. 


411 


effects  of  the  irrigation  ;  these,  comprising  between 
20  and  30  acres  skirting  the  shores  between 
Leith  and  Musselburgh,  were  kid  down  in  182G 
at  a  cost  of  about  700^. ;  the  hind  consisted 
fonoerly  of  a  bare  sandy  tract,  yielding  almost 
absolutely  nothing;  it  is  now  covered  with  luxu- 
riant vegetation  extending  close  down  to  high- 
water  mark,  and  lets  at  an  average  of  20?.  per 
acre  at  least.  From  the  above  sUilement  it  will 
be  seen  how  enormously  protitable  has  been  the 
application  in  this  case  of  town  refuse  in  the 
liquid  form ;  and  I  have  no  hesitation  in  stating 
that,  great  as  its  advantages  have  been,  they 
might  be  extended  four  or  five  fold  by  greater 
dilution  of  the  fluid.  Four  or  five  times  the  ex- 
tent of  land  might,  I  believe,  be  brought  into 
equally  productive  cultivation  under  an  improved 
system  of  drainage  in  the  city,  and  a  more  abun- 
dant use  of  water.  Besides  these  Craigentinney 
meadows,  there  are  others  on  this  and  on  the 
west  side  of  Edinburgh,  which  we  did  not  visit, 
similarly  laid  out,  and  I  believe  realizing  still 
larger  profits,  from  their  closer  proximity  to  the 
town,  and  their  lying  within  the  toll-gates."  * 

Such,  then,  are  said  to  be  the  results  of  a  prac- 
tical appliciition  of  sewer-water.  The  preliminary 
remark  of  the  Board  of  Health,  however,  applies 
somewhat  to  the  statement  above  given ;  for  we 
are  not  told  what  the  sa^nc  Land  produced  before  the 
liquid  manure  was  applied ;  nor  are  we  informed 
as  to  the  peculiar  condition  and  quantity  of  tlie 
land  near  Craigentinney,  and  how  it  differs  from 
the  land  near  London. 

The  other  returns  are  of  liquid  manures,  of 
wbich  sewer- water  formed  no  part,  and,  therefore, 
require  no  special  notice  of  them.  The  following 
observations  are,  however,  worthy  of  attention : — 

"  The  cases  above  detailed  furnish  some  measure 
of  the  possible  results  attainable  in  cultivation, 
especially  corroborated  as  they  are  by  others 
which  did  not  on  this  occasion  come  under  our 
personal  observation,  but  one  of  which  I  may 
mention,  having  recently  examined  into  it,  that  of 
Mr.  Dickinson,  at  Willesden,  who  estimates  his 
yield  of  Italian  rye-gmas  at  from  80  to  100  tons 
an  acre,  and  gets  8  or  10  cuttings,  according  to 
the  eea«on  ;  and  as  there  is  no  peculiar  advantage 
of  soil  or  climate  (the  former  ranging  from  almost 
pure  sands  to  cold  and  tenacious  clays,  and  the 
latter  being  inferior  to  that  of  a  krge  proportion 
of  England)  to  pre^-ent  the  same  system  being 
almost  universally  adopted,  they  give  some  idea  of 
the  degree  to  which  the  productiveness  of  land 
may  be  raised  bj  a  judicious  appliance  of  the 
within  our  reach.     When  it  is  considered 


*  The  following  note    appenm    in    Mr.  Fortescue's 
itatemcnt:— •*  In  >otnc  trial  works  near  the  metropolu 

tewfTttatir  W.-ls  appliwl   tn  I.iinl,  nii    tlic  ronditifjn  that 
th<  ,  |)ay- 

nn  The 

«>ii  vasat 

til.  ■■     ;  -- 

acr 

ilr 


vonta^'c  for  whcau" 


that;  such  results  maj',  in  the  vicinity  of  towns 
and  villages,  be  most  effectually  brought  about  by 
the  instant  removal  of  all  tliose  matters  which, 
when  allowed  to  remain  in  them,  are  among  the 
most  fruitful  sources  of  social  degnidaliun,  disease, 
and  death,  one  cannot  but  earnestly  desire  the 
furtherance  of  such  measures  as  will  ensure  this 
double  result  of  purifying  the  town  and  enriching 
the  country ;  and  as  the  facts  I  have  stated  came 
at  the  same  time  under  the  notice  of  the  gentleman 
I  mentioned  above,  under  whose  able  superin- 
tendence the  arnmgements  for  the  water-supply 
and  drainage  of  several  towns  are  now  in  course 
of  execution,  I  trust  it  will  not  be  long  before  this 
most  advantageous  mode  of  disposing  of  the  refuse 
of  towns  may  be  brought  into  practical  operation 
in  various  parts  of  the  coimtry. 

"  I  have,  &c., 

"  D.  F.  F0RT£SCUE. 

"  General  Board  of  Health." 

Or  THE  New  Plan  of  Sewerage. 
This  branch  of  the  subject  hardly  forms  part  of 
my  present  inquiry,  but,  having  pointed  out  the 
defects  of  the  sewers,  it  seems  but  reasonable  and 
right  to  say  a  few  words  on  the  measures  deter- 
mined upon  for  their  improvement.  It  is  only 
necessary  for  me,  however,  to  indicate  the  principal 
I  characteristics  of  the  new,  or  rather  intended, 
mode  of  sewerage,  as  the  work  may  be  said  to 
have  been  but  commenced,  or  hardly  commenced 
in  earnest,  the  Report  of  Mr.  Frank  Forster  (the 
engineer)  bearing  the  date  of  Jan.  30,  1851. 

In  the  carrying  out  of  the  engineer's  plan — 
wbich  from  its  magnitude,  and,  in  all  human 
probabilitj',  from  its  cost,  when  completed,  would 
be  national  in  other  countries,  but  is  here  only 
metropolitan — in  tlie  carrying  out  of  this  scheme,  I 
say,  two  remarkable  changes  will  be  found.  The 
one  is  the  employment  of  the  power  of  steam  in 
sewerage  ;  the  other  is  the  diversion  of  the  sewage 
from  the  current  of  the  Thames.  The  ultimate 
uses  of  this  sewage,  agriculturally  or  otherwise, 
form  no  part  of  the  present  consideration. 

I  should,  however,  first  enumerate  the  general 
principles  on  which  the  best  authorities  have 
agreed  that  the  London  sewers  should  be  con- 
structed so  as  to  ensure  a  proper  disposal  of  the 
sewage,  for  these  principles  are  said  to  be  at  the 
basis  of  Mr.  Forster's  plan. 

I  condense  under  the  following  heads  the  sub- 
stance of  a  mass  of  Reports,  Committee  Meetings, 
Suggestions,  Plans,  &c. : — 

1.  The  channels,  or  pipeage,  or  other  means  of 
conveying  away  house  refuse,  should  be  so  made 
that  the  removal  will  be  immediate,  more  especially 
of  any  refuse  or  filth  capable  of  suspension  in 
water,  since  its  immediate  carrying  off,  it  is  said, 
would  have  no  time  for  the  generation  of  miasma. 

2.  Means  should  be  provided  for  such  disposal 
of  sewage  as  would  prevent  its  tainting  any 
stream,  well,  or  pool,  or,  by  its  stagnation  or 
obstruction,  in  any  way  poisoning  the  atmosphere. 
And,  as  a  natural  and  legitimate  result,  it  should 
be  so  collected  that  it  covld  be  api'lifd  to  the  culti- 
vation of  tite  land  ai  thetnost  economical  rate. 


412 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


3.  In  the  providing  works  of  deposit  or  storage 
in  low  districts,  or  "  of  discharge  where  the  natural 
outlets  are  free,"  such  works  should  be  provided 
as  would  not  subject  any  place,  or  any  man's  pro- 
perty, to  the  risk  of  inundation,  or  any  other  evil 
consequence ;  while  in  the  construction  of  the 
drainage  of  the  substratum,  the  works  should  be 
at  such  a  depth  below  the  foundation  of  all 
buildings  that  tenements  should  not  be  exposed 
to  that  continued  damage  from  exhalation  and 
dampness  which"  leads  to  the  dry  rot  in  timber, 
and  to  an  immature  decay  of  materials  and  a 
general  unhealthiness. 

There  are  other  points  insisted  upon  in  many 
Reports  to  which  I  need  but  allude,  such  as 

(a.)  The  channels  containing  sewage  should  be 
of  enduring  and  impermeable  material,  so  as  to 
prevent  all  soakage. 

(J.)  There  should  be  throughout  the  channels  of 
the  subterranean  metropolis  a  fall  or  inclination 
which  would  suffice  to  prevent  the  accumulation 
of  any  sewage  deposit,  with  its  deleterious  in- 
fluence and  ultimate  costliness, 

(c.)  Similar  provisions  should  be  used  were  it 
but  to  prevent  the  creation  of  tlie  noxious  gases 
which  now  permeate  many  houses  (especially  in 
the  quarters  inhabited  by  the  poor)  and  escape 
into  many  streets,  courts,  and  alleys,  for  until 
improvements  are  effected  the  pent-up  sewage  and 
the  saturated  brickwork  of  the  sewers  and  older 
drains  must  generate  such  gases. 

{(i.)  No  tidal  stream  should  ever  receive  a 
flow  of  sewage,  because  then  the  cause  of  evil  is 
never  absent,  for  the  filth  comes  back  with  the 
tide ;  and  as  the  Thames  water  constitutes  the 
grand  fount  of  metropolitan  consumption,  the 
water  companies,  with  very  trifling  exceptions, 
give  us  back  much  of  our  own  excrement,  mixed 
with  every  conceivable,  and  sometimes  noxious, 
nastiness,  with  which  we  may  brew,  cook,  and 
wash — and  drink,  if  we  can.  Filtering  remedies 
but  a  portion  of  the  evil. 

Now  it  would  appear  that  not  one  of  these 
requirements,  the  necessity  of  which  is  unques- 
tioned and  unquestionable,  is  fully  carried  out  by 
the  present  system  of  sewerage,  and  hence  the 
need  of  some  new  plan  in  which  the  defects  may 
be  remedied,  and  the  proper  principles  carried  out. 

The  instructions  given  by  the  Court  were  to 
the  following  effect : — 

A.  The  Thames  should  be  kept  free  from  sewage 
whatever  the  state  of  the  tide. 

B.  There  should  be  intercepting  drains  to  carry 
off  the  sewage  (so  keeping  the  Thames  unsoiled 
b}'  it)  wherever  practicable. 

C.  The  sewage  should  be  raised  by  artificial 
means  into  a  main  channel  for  removal. 

D.  The  intercepting  sewers  should  be  so  con- 
structed as  to  secure  the  largest  amount  of  effective 
drainage  without  artificial  appliances. 

In  preparing  his  plan,  Mr.  Forster  had  the  ad- 
vice and  assistance  of  Mr.  Haywood,  of  the  City 
Court  of  Sewers. 

The  metropolis  is  divided  into  two  portions — 
"  the  northern  portion  of  the  metropolis,"  or 
rather  that  portion  of  the  metropolis  which  is  on 


the  north  or  Middlesex  bank  of  the  Thames ;  and 
the  southern  portion,  or  that  which  is  on  the  south 
or  Surrey  side  of  the  river. 

The  northern  portion  is  in  the  new  plan  con- 
sidered to  "  divide  itself  into  two  separate  areas," 
and  to  these  two  areas  different  modes  of  sewerage 
are  to  be  applied  : 

"  1 .  The  interception  of  the  drainage  of  that 
district,  which,  from  its  elevation  above  the  level 
of  the  outlet,  is  capable  of  having  its  sewage  and 
rainfall  carried  off  by  gravitation. 

"  2.  The  interception  of  the  drainage  of  that 
district,  which,  from  its  low  lying  position,  will 
require  its  sewage,  and  in  most  localities  its  rain- 
fall, to  be  lifted  by  steam-power  to  a  proper  level 
for  discharge." 

The  first  district  runs  from  Holsden-green  (be- 
yond the  better-known  Kensall-green)  in  the 
west,  to  the  Tower  Hamlets  in  the  east.  Its  form 
is  irregular,  but  not  very  much  so,  merely  narrow- 
ing from  Westbourn-green  to  its  Avestern  extre- 
mity, the  country  then  becoming  nual  or  wood- 
land. Its  highest  reaches  to  the  north  are  to 
Highgate  and  Stamford-hill.  The  nearest  ap- 
proach to  the  south  is  to  a  portion  of  the  Strand, 
between  Charing-cross  and  Drury-lane.  Care  has 
evidently  been  taken  to  skirt  this  district,  so  to 
speak,  by  the  canals  and  the  railroads.  This  di- 
vision of  the  northern  portion  is  described  as 
"  the  district  for  natural  drainage." 

The  area  of  this  division  is  about  25i  square 
miles. 

The  second  division  meets  the  first  at  the  high- 
way separating  Kensington-gardens  from  Bays- 
water  ;  and  runs  on,  bordering  the  river,  all  the 
way  to  the  West  India  Dock.  Its  shape  is  irre- 
gular, but,  abating  the  roundness,  presents  some- 
what of  that  sort  of  figure  seen  in  the  instrument 
known  as  a  dumb-bell,  the  narrowest  or  hand- 
part  being  that  between  Charing-cross  and  Drury- 
lane,  skirting  the  river  as  its  southern  bound.  At 
its  eastern  end  this  second  district  widens  ab- 
ruptly, taking  in  Victoria-park,  Stratford,  and 
Bromley. 

The  area  of  this  division  of  the  northern  por- 
tion is  16  J  square  miles. 

There  are,  moreover,  two  small  tracts,  com- 
prising the  southern  part  of  the  Isle  of  Dogs,  and 
a  narrow  slip  on  the  west  side  of  the  river  Lea, 
which  are  intended  to  allow  the  rainfall  to  run 
into  the  Thames  and  the  Lea  respectively. 

The  area  of  the  two  is  1|  square  mile. 

The  area  to  be  drained  by  natural  outfall  com- 
prises, then,  25|  square  miles  as  regards  rainfall, 
and  the  same  extent  as  regards  sewage ;  while  the 
area  to  the  drainage  of  which  steam  power  is  to 
be  applied  comprises  14^  square  miles  of  rainfall, 
and  16^  square  miles  of  sewage ;  the  two  united 
areas  of  rainfall  and  sewage  respectively  being 
394  and  41^  square  miles. 

The  length  of  the  great  "  high-level  sewerage  " 
will  be,  as  regards  the  main  sewer,  19  miles  and 
106  yards;  that  of  the  "low-level  sewerage,"  14 
miles  and  1501  yards. 

I  will  now  describe  the  course  of  each  of  these 
constructions. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


413 


On  the  eastern  bank  of  the  Lea  the  sewage  of 
both  districts  is  to  be  concentrated.  The  high- 
lerel  sewer  will  commence  and  cross  the  Lea  near 
the  "  Four  Mills."  It  is  then  to  proceed  "  in  a 
westerly  direction  under  the  East  and  West  India 
Dock  Bailway  and  the  Blackwall  Extension  Rail- 
way, beneath  the  Regent'scanal,  to  the  east  end 
of  the  Bethnal-green-road,  at  the  crossing  of  the 
Cambridge-heath-road,  at  which  point  it  will  be 
joined  by  the  proposed  northern  division  of  the 
Hackney-brook,  which  drains  an  extensive  dis- 
trict up  to  the  watershed  line  north  of  London, 
including  Hackney,  Stoke  Newington  and  Hollo- 
way,  and  part  of  Highgate  and  Hampstead ;  from 
thence  the  main  sewer  proceeds  along  the  Bethnal- 
green-road,  Church-street,  Old-street,  Wilderness- 
row  (where  a  short  branch  from  Coppice-row  will 
join)  to  Brook-street-hill ;  from  thence  to  Little 
SaflFron-hill,  where  a  distance  of  about  100  yards 
is  proposed  to  be  carried  by  an  aqueduct  over  the 
Fleet-valley;  thence  along  Liquorpond-street,  at 
the  end  of  which  it  will  receive  a  branch  from 
Piccadilly,  on  the  south  side,  and  a  diversion  of 
the  Fleet-river,  on  the  north  side ;  thence  along 
Theobald's-road,  Bloomsbury-  square.  Hart-street, 
New  Oxford-street,  to  Rathbone-place  (where  it 
will  receive  a  diversion  of  the  Regent  street  sewer 
from  Park-crescent),  along  Oxford-street,  and  ex- 
tending thence  across  Regent-circus  to  South 
Molton-lane  (where  it  will  intercept  the  King's 
Scholars'  Pond  sewer),  continuing  still  along  Ox- 
ford-street to  Bays  water-place,  Grand  Junction- 
road,  Uxbridge-road,  where  it  is  joined  by  the 
Ranelagh  sewer,  the  sewage  of  which  it  is  capable 
of  receiving,  and  at  this  point  it  terminates." 

It  is  difficult  to  convey  to  a  reader,  especially 
to  a  reader  who  may  not  be  familiar  with  the 
localities  of  London  generally,  any  adequate  no- 
tion of  the  largeness,  speaking  merely  of  extent, 
of  this  undertaking.  Even  a  map  conveys  no 
sufficient  idea  of  it. 

Perhaps  I  may  best  be  able  to  suggest  to  a 
reader's  mind  a  knowledge  of  this  largeness,  when 
I  state  that  in  the  district  I  have  just  described, 
which  is  but  one  portion  (although  the  greatest)  of 
the  sewerage  of  but  one  side  of  the  Thames, 
more  than  half  a  million  of  persons,  and  nearly 
100,000  houses  are,  so  to  speak,  to  be  sewered. 

The  low-level  tract  sewerage,  also,  concentrates 
on  the  Lea,  "near  to  Pour  Mill's  distillery,  taking 
the  north-western  bank  of  the  Limehouse  Cut,  at 
which  point  it  receives  the  branch  intended  to  in- 
tercept the  sewage  of  the  Isle  of  Dogs ;  thence 
continuing  along  the  bank  of  Limehouse  Cut, 
through  a  portion  of  the  Commercial-road,  Brook- 
street,  and  beneath  the  Sun  Tavern  Fields,  into 
High-street,  or  Upper  Shadwell ;  thence  along 
Ratcliffe-highway  and  Upper  East  Smithfield, 
across  Tower-hill,  through  Little  and  Great  Tower- 
ftreets,  Kaslcheap,  Cannon-street,  Little  and  Great 
St.  Thomas  Apostle,  Trinity-lane,  Old  Fish- 
street,  and  Little  Knight  Rider-street  ;  thence 
beneath  houses  in  Wardrobe-terrace,  and  on  the 
eastern  side  of  St.  Andrew'shill,  along  Earl- 
street  to  Blnckfriars-road.  From  Blackfrinrs 
Bridge  it  u  propoMd  to  constnict  the  sewer  along 


the  river  shore  to  the  junction  of  the  Victoria- 
street  sewer  at  Percy-wharf;  which  sewer  be- 
tween Percy-wharf  and  Shaftesbury-terrace,  Pim- 
lico,  becomes  thus  an  integral  portion  of  the  in- 
tercepting line;  at  Bridge-street,  Westminster,  a 
branch  from  the  Victoria-street  sewer  is  intended  < 
to  proceed  along  Abingdon  and  Millbank-streets, 
as  far  as  and  for  the  purpose  of  taking  up  the 
King's  Scholars'  Pond  and  other  sewers  at  their 
outlets  into  the  Thames.  From  Shaftesbury-ter- 
race the  Victoria-street  sewer  is  proposed  to  be 
extended  through  Eaton-square  and  along  the 
King's-road,  Chelsea,  to  Park-walk,  intercepting 
all  the  sewers  along  its  line,  and  terminating  at  a 
point  where  the  drainage  of  Kensington  may  be 
brought  into  it  without  pumping." 

The  lines  of  sewerage  thus  described  are,  then, 
all  to  the  west  of  the  Lea,  and  all,  whether  from 
the  shore  of  the  Thames,  or  the  northern  reaches 
in  Highgate  and  Hampstead,  converging  to  a 
pumping  station  or  sewage-concentration,  on  the 
east  bank  of  the  Lea,  in  West  Ham.  By  this 
new  plan,  then,  the  high-level  sewer  is  to  cross 
the  Lea,  but  that  arrangement  is  impossible  as 
respects  the  second  district  described,  which  is 
helotc  the  level  of  the  Lea,  so  that  its  course  is  to 
be  beneath  that  river,  a  little  below  where  it  is 
crossed  by  the  high-level  line.  To  dispose  of  the 
sewage,  therefore,  conveyed  from  the  low-level 
tract,  there  will  be  a  sewer  of  a  "  depth  of  forty- 
seven  feet  helow "  the  invert  of  the  high-level 
sewer.  This  sewer,  then,  at  the  depth  of  47  feet, 
will  run  to  the  point  of  concentration  containing 
the  low-level  sewage. 

At  this  point  of  the  works,  in  order  that  the 
sewage  may  be  collected,  so  as  to  be  disposed 
of  ultimately  in  one  mass,  it  has  to  be  lifted  from 
the  low  to  the  high-level  sewer.  The  invert  of 
the  high-level  sewer  will  at  the  lifting  or  pumping 
station  be  20  feet  ahove  the  ordnj\nce  datum, 
while  that  of  the  low-level  sewer  will  be  27  feet 
helow  the  same  standard.  Thus  a  great  body  of  me- 
tropolitan sewage,  comprising  among  other  districts 
the  refuse  of  the  whole  City  of  London,  must  be 
lifted  no  less  than  47  feet,  in  order  to  be  got  rid 
of  along  with  what  has  been  carried  to  the  same 
focus  by  its  natural  flow. 

The  lifting  is  to  be  effected  by  means  of  steam, 
and  the  pumping  power  required  has  been  com- 
puted at  llOO-horse  power.  To  supply  this  great 
mechanical  and  scientific  force,  there  are  to  be  pro- 
vided two  engines,  each  of  550horse  power,  with 
a  third  engine  of  equal  capacity',  to  be  available 
in  case  of  accident,  or  while  either  of  the  other 
engines  might  require  repairs  of  some  duration. 

The  northern  sewage  of  London  (or  that  of  the 
Middlesex  bank  of  the  Thames,  covered  by  that 
division  of  the  capital)  having  been  thus  brought 
to  a  sort  of  central  reservoir,  or  meeting  point, 
will  be  conveyed  in  two  parallel  lines  of  sewerage 
to  the  bank  of  the  river  Roding,  being  the  eastern 
extremity  of  Gallion's  Reach  (which  is  below 
Woolwich  Reach),  in  the  Thames.  The  Roding 
flows  into  the  Thames  at  Barking  Creek  mouth. 
The  length  of  this  line  will  be  four  miles. 

"At  this  point,"  it  is  stated  in  the  Report, 


414 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  the  level  of  the  inverts  of  the  parallel  sewers 
will  be  eight  feet  below  high-water  mark,  and 
here  it  is  intended  to  collect  the  sewage  into  a 
reservoir  during  the  flood-tide,  and  discharge  the 
same  with  the  ebb-tide  immediately  after  high- 
water;  and,  as  it  is  estimated  that  the  reservoir 
will  be  completely  emptied  during  the  first  three 
hours  of  the  ebb,  it  may  be  safely  anticipated  that 
no  portion  of  the  sewage  will  be  retunied,  with 
the  flood-tide,  to  within  the  bounds  of  the  metro- 
polis."' 

The  whole  of  the  sewage  and  rainfall,  then, 
will  be  thus  diverted  to  one  destination,  instead  of 
being  issued  into  the  river  through  a  multiplicity 
of  outlets  in  every  part  of  the  northern  shore 
where  the  population  is  dense,  and  will  be  carried 
into  the  Thames  at  Barking  Creek,  unless,  as  I 
have  intimated,  a  market  be  found  for  the  sewage  ; 
when  it  may  be  disposed  of  as  is  most  advantageous. 
The  only  exceptions  to  this  carrying  off  will  be 
upon  the  occurrence  of  long-continued  and  heavy 
rains  or  violent  storms,  when  the  surplus  water 
will  be  carried  off  by  some  of  the  present  outlets 
into  the  river ;  but  even  on  such  occasions,  the  first 
scour  or  cleansings  of  the  sewerage  will  be  con- 
veyed to  the  main  outlet  at  the  river  Roding. 

The  inclination  which  has  been  assigned  to  the 
whole  of  the  lines  of  sewers  I  have  described,  is, 
with  some  unimportant  exceptions,  4  feet  per  mile, 
or  1  in  1320.  These  new  sewers  are,  or  rather  will 
be,  calculated  to  carry  off  a  fall  of  rain,  equal  to 
\  inch  in  24  hours,  in  addition  to  the  average  daily 
flow  of  sewage. 

Mr.  Forster  concludes  his  Report : — '•  I  am  only 
able  to  submit  approximately  that  I  estimate  the 
cost  of  the  whole  of  the  lines  of  sewers,  the 
pumping  engines,  and  station,  the  reservoir,  tidal 
gates,  and  other  apparatus,  at  one  million  and 
eighty  thousand  pounds  (1,080,000^.).  This  esti- 
mate does  not  include  the  sums  required  for  the 
purchase  of  land  and  houses,  which  may  be  needed 
for  the  site  of  the  pumping  engine-house,  or  com- 
pensation for  certain  portions  of  the  lines  of 
sewers." 

As  regards  the  improvements  in  the  sewerage 
on  the  south  side  of  the  Thames  (the  great  fever 
district  of  the  metropolis,  and  consequently  the 
most  important  of  all,  and  where  the  drainage  is 
of  the  worst  kind),  I  can  be  very  brief,  as  nothing 
has  been  positively  determined. 

A  somewhat  similar  system  will  be  adopted  on 
the  south  side  of  the  Thames,  where  it  is  pro- 
posed to  form  one  main  intercepting  sewer ;  but, 
owing  to  the  physical  configuration  of  this  part  of 
the  town,  none  of  the  water  will  flow  away  en- 
tirely by  gravitation.  There  will  be  a  pumping 
station  on  the  banks  of  the  Ravensbourne,  to 
raise  the  water  about  25  feet ;  and  a  second 
pumping  station  to  raise  the  water  from  the  con- 
tinued sewer  in  the  reservoir,  in  Woolwich  M;irsli, 
which  is  to  receive  it  during  the  intervals  of  the 
tides.  The  waters  are  to  be  discharged  into  the 
river  at  the  last-named  point.  The  main  sewer 
on  the  south  side  will  be  of  nearly  equally  colossal 
proportions;  for  its  total  length  is  proposed  to  be 
about  13  miles  3  furlongs,  including  the  main 


trunk  drain  of  about  2  miles  long,  and  the  re- 
spective branches.  The  area  to  be  relieved  is 
about  proportionate  to  the  length  of  the  drain; 
but  the  steam  power  employed  will  be  propor- 
tionally greater  upon  the  southern  than  upon  the 
northern  side. 

There  are  divers  opinions,  of  course,  as  to  the 
practical)ility  and  ultimate  good  working  of  this 
plan ;  speculations  into  which  it  is  not  necessary 
for  me  to  enter.  Mr.  Forster  has,  moreover,  re- 
signed his  office,  adding  another  to  the  many 
changes  among  the  engineers,  surveyors,  .ind  other 
employees  under  the  Metropolitan  Commission ;  a 
fact  little  creditable  to  the  management  of  the 
Commissioners,  who,  with  one  exception,  may  be 
looked  upon  as  irresponsible. 

0?  THE  Management  of  the  Sewers  and 

THE   LATE    COMMISSIONS. 

The  Corporation  of  the  City  of  London  may  be 
regarded  as  the  first  Commission  of  Sewers  in  the 
exercise  of  authority  over  such  places  as  regards 
the  removal  of  the  filth  of  towns.  In  time,  but 
at  what  time  there  is  no  account,  the  business  was 
consigned  to  the  management  of  a  committee,  as 
are  now  the  markets  of  the  City  (Markets  Com- 
mittee), and  even  what  maybe  called  the  manage- 
ment of  the  Thames  (Navigation  Committee).  It 
is  not  at  all  necessary  that  the  members  of  these 
committees  sho\dd  understand  anything  about  the 
matters  upon  which  they  have  to  determine.  A 
staff  of  officers,  clerks,  secretaries,  solicitors,  and  sur- 
veyors, save  the  members  the  trouble  of  thought  or 
inquiry  ;  they  have  merely  to  vote  and  determine. 
It  was  stated  in  evidence  before  a  Select  Commit- 
tee of  the  House  of  Commons  on  the  subject  of  the 
Thames  steamers,  that  at  that  period  the  Chair- 
man of  the  Navigation  Committee  was  a  bread 
and  biscuit  baker,  but  "  a  very-firm-minded  man." 
In  time,  but  again  I  can  find  no  note  of  the  pre- 
cise date,  the  Committee  became  a  Court  of  Sewers, 
and  so  it  remains  to  the  present  time.  Commis- 
sions of  sewers  have  been  issued  by  the  Crown 
since  the  25th  year  of  the  reign  of  Henry  VIIL, 
except  during  the  era  of  the  Commonwealth,  when 
there  seems  to  have  been  no  attention  paid  to  the 
matter. 

As  the  metropolis  increased  rapidly  in  size  since 
the  close  of  the  last  century,  the  public  sewers  of 
course  increased  in  proportion,  and  so  did  Commis- 
sions of  Sewers  in  the  newly-built  districts.  Up 
to  1847  these  Commissions  or  Court  of  Sewers 
were  eight  in  number,  the  metropolis  being  divided 
into  that  number  of  districts. 

The  districts  were  as  follows: — 

1.  The  City. 

2.  The  Tower  Hamlets. 

3.  St.  Katherine. 

4.  Poplar  and  Blackwall. 

5.  Holborn  and  Finsbury. 

6.  Westminster  and  part  of  Middlesex. 

7.  Surrey  and  Kent. 

8.  Greenwich. 

Each  of  these  eight  Commissions  had  its  own 
Act  of  Parliament ;  its  own  distinct,  often  irregular 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


415 


and  generally  uncontrolled  plan  of  management ; 
each  liad  its  own  officers ;  and  each  had  its  own 
patronage-  Each  district  court — with  almost  un- 
limited powers  of  taxation — pursued  its  own  plans 
of  sewerage,  little  regardful  of  the  plans  of  its 
neighbour  Commission-  This  wretched  system — 
the  great  recommendation  of  which,  to  its  promo- 
ters and  supporters,  seems  to  have  been  patronage 
— has  given  us  a  sewerage  unconnected  and  vary- 
ing to  the  present  day  in  almost  every  district ; 
var^'ing  in  the  dimensions,  form,  and  inclination 
of  the  Btnictores.   • 

The  eight  commission  districts,  I  may  observe, 
had  each  their  sub-districts,  though  the  general 
control  was  in  the  hands  of  the  particular  Court 
or  Board  of  Commissioners  for  the  entire  locality. 
These  subdivisions  were  chiefly  for  the  facilities  of 
rate-collecting,  and  were  usually  "  western,"  "  east- 
ern." and  "central." 

The  consequence  of  this  immethodical  system 
has  been  that,  until  the  surveys  and  works  now  in 
progress  are  completed,  the  precise  character,  and 
even  the  precise  length,  of  the  sewers  must  be 
unkno^vn,  though  a  sufficient  approximation  may 
Le  deduced  in  the  interim. 

To  show  the  conflicting  character  of  the  sewer- 
age, I  may  here  observe  that  in  some  of  the  old 
sewers  have  been  found  walls  and  arches  crumbling 
to  pieces.  Some  old  sewers  were  found  to  be  not 
only  of  ample  proportions,  but  to  contain  subter- 
ranean chambers,  not  to  say  halls,  filled  with  filth, 
into  which  no  man  could  venture.  While  in  a 
sewer  in  the  newly -built  district  of  St.  John's- 
wood,  Mr.  Morton,  the  Clerk  of  Works,  could 
only  advance  stooping  half  double,  could  not  turn 
round  when  he  had  completed  his  examination, 
but  had  most  painfully — for  a  long  time  feeling  the 
effects — to  back  out  along  the  sewer,  stooping,  or 
doubled  up,  as  he  entered  it.  Why  the  sewer 
was  constructed  in  this  manner  is  not  stated,  but 
the  work  appears,  inferentially,  to  have  been 
scamped,  which,  had  there  been  a  proper  super- 
vision, could  hardly  have  been  done  with  a  modem 
public  sewer,  down  a  thoroughfare  of  some  length 
(the  Woronzow-road). 

But  the  conflicting  and  disjointed  system  of 
setverage  was  not  the  sole  evil  of  the  various  Com- 
roissionB.  The  mismanagement  and  jobbery,  not  to 
say  peculation,  of  the  public  moneys,  appear  to  have 
been  enormous.  For  instance,  in  the  '*  Account- 
ant's Report"  (February,  1848),  prepared  by  Mr. 
W.U.  Grey,  48,  Lincoln's-inn-fields,  I  find  the 
following  statements  relative  to  the  liook-Leeptnff 
of  the  several  Commissions  : — 

"  The  Walmimier  plan  is  full  of  unnecessary 
repetition.  It  is  deficient  in  those  real  general 
accounts  which  concentrate  the  information  most 
needed  by  the  Commissioner.^,  and  it  contains 
Jictions  which  are  very  inconsistent  with  any 
sound  system  of  book-keeping. 

"The  ledger  of  the  Westminster  Commission 
does  not  give  a  true  account  of  the  actual  receipt 
and  expenditure  of  each  district. 

"  The  llolbom  and  Fintlury  books  arc  still 
more  defectiTe  than  those  of  the  Westminster 
Commission There  ore  the  same  kind  of 


fictions But  the  extraordinary  defect  in 

these  books  consists  in  the  utter  want  of  system 
throughout  them,  by  keeping  one-sided  accounts 
only  in  the  ledger,  with  respect  to  the  different 
sewers  in  each  district,  showing  only  the  amount 
expended  on  each. 

"  The  Toxcer  JIamhis  books  have  been  kept  on 
a  regular  system,  though  by  no  means  one  con- 
veying much  general  int'orniation." 

"  With  respect  to  the  Surrey  and  Kent  ac- 
counts," says  Mr.  Grey,  "the  books  produced  are 
the  most  incomplete  and  unsatisfactory  that  ever 
came  under  my  observation.  The  ledger  is  always 
thought  to  be  a  sine  qua  non  in  book-keeping ; 
but  here  it  has  been  dispensed  with  altogether, 
for  that  which  is  so  marked  is  no  ledger  at  all." 

Under  these  circumstances,  the  Report  con- 
tinues, "  It  cannot  be  wondered  at  that  debts 
should  have  been  incurred,  or  that  they  should 
have  swollen  to  the  amount  of  64,000/.,  carrying 
a  yearly  interest  of  2360/.,  besides  annuities 
granted  to  the  amount  of  1125/.  a  year. 

"  The  Pojylar  and  Grcemdch  accounts  (I  quote 
the  official  Report),  confined  as  they  are  to  mere 
aish  books,  offer  no  subjects  for  remark 

"  No  books  of  account  have  been  produced  with 

respect  to  the  .57.  Kathennes  Commission." 

!       On  the  16th  December,  1847,  the  new  Com- 

I  missioners  ordered  all  the  books  to  be  sent  to  the 

I  office  in  Greek-street;  but  it  was  not  until  the 

21st  February,    1848,   that  all  the  minute-books 

were  produced.     There  were  no  indexes  for  many 

years  even  to  the  proceedings  of  the  Courts ;  and 

the  account-books  of  one  cf  the  local  Courts,  if 

they  might  be  so  called,  were  in  such  a  state  that 

the  book  called  "ledger"  had  for  several  years 

been  cast  up  in  pencil  onl)'. 

This  refers  to  what  may  be  characterised,  with 
more  or  less  propriety,  as  mismanagement  or  neg- 
lect; though  in  such  mismanagement  it  is  hardly 
possible  to  escape  one  inference.  I  now  come  to 
what  are  direct  imputations  of  Johhery,  and 
where  that  is  flourishing  or  easy,  no  system  can 
be  other  than  vicious. 

In  a  paper  "  printed  for  use  of  Commissioners" 
(Sept.  7,  1848),  entitled  "  Draft  Report  on  the 
Surrey  Accounts,"  emanating  from  a  "  General 
Purposes'  Committee,"  I  find  the  following,  con- 
ceniing  the  parliamentary  expenses  of  obtaining 
an  Act  which  it  was  "  found  necessary  to  repeal." 
The  cost  W.18,  altogether,  upwards  of  1800/.,  which 
of  course  had  to  be  defrayed  out  of  the  taxes. 

"  This  Act,"  says  the  Report,  "  authorized  an 
almost  unlimited  borrowing  of  money ;  and  imme- 
diatelyupon  its  passing, \vl  5  \\\y,  1847,notices  were 
issued  for  works  estimated  to  amount  to  100,000/. ; 
and  others,  we  understand,  were  projected  for 

early  execution  to  the  amount  of  300,000/ 

Considering  the  general  character  of  the  works 
executed,  and  from  them  judging  of  those  pro- 
jected, it  may  confidently  be  averred  that  the 
vkoU  sum  of  300,000/.,  the  progressive  expendi- 
ture of  which  was  stayed  by  the  '  supersedeas'  of 
the  old  Commission,  would  have  been  expended 
in  watte."  [The  Italics  are  not  those  of  the  Re- 
ports.] 


No.  L. 


B  B 


416 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


The  Report  continues,  "  It  is  to  be  observed 
that  each  of  the  district  surveyors  •would  have 
participated  in  the  sum  of  15,000/.  percentage 
on  the  expenditure  for  the  extension  of  the  Surrey- 
works.  Thus  the  surveyors,  with  their  percent- 
ages on  the  works  executed,  and  the  clerk,  by 
the  fees  on  contracts,  &c.,  had  a  direct  interest 
in  a  large  expenditure.'" 

Instances  of  the  same  dishonest  kind  might  be 
multiplied  to  almost  any  extent. 

After  the  above  evidences  of  the  incompetency 
and  dishonesty  of  the  several  district  Commissions 
— and  the  Reports  from  which  they  are  copied 
contain  many  more  examples  of  a  similar  and 
even  worse  description — it  is  not  to  be  wondered  at 
that  in  the  year  1847  the  district  courts  were, 
with  the  exception  of  the  City,  superseded  by  the 
authority  of  the  Crown,  and  formed  into  one 
body,  the  present  Metropolitan  Commission  of 
Sewers,  of  the  constitution  and  powers  of  which  I 
shall  now  proceed  to  speak. 

Of  the  Powers  akd  Authority  op  the 
PRESENT  Commissions  of  Sewers. 

In  1847  the  eight  separate  Commissions  of  Sewers 
were  abolished,  and  the  whole  condensed,  by  the 
Government,  into  one  Commission,  with  the  excep- 
tion of  the  City,  which  seems  to  supply  an  excep- 
tion in  most  public  matters. 

The  Act  does  not  fix  the  number  of  the  Com- 
missioners. To  the  Metropolitan  Commissioners, 
five  City  Commissioners  are  added  (the  Lord 
Ma3'or  for  the  year  being  one  ex  officio) ;  these 
have  a  right  to  act  as  members  of  the  Metro- 
politan Board,  but  their  powers  in  this  capacity 
are  loosely  defined  by  the  Act,  and  they  rarely 
attend,  or  perhaps  never  attend,  unless  the  busi- 
ness in  some  way  or  other  affects  their  distinct 
jurisdiction. 

The  Commissioners  (of  whom  twelve  form  a 
quorum)  are  unpaid,  with  the  exception  of  the 
chairman,  Mr.  E.Lawes,  a  barrister,  who  has  lOOOZ. 
a  year.  They  are  appointed  for  the  terra  of  two 
years,  revocable  at  pleasure. 

The  authority  of  the  City  Commission,  as  dis- 
tinct from  the  Metropolitan,  for  there  are  two 
separate  Acts,  seems  to  be  more  strongly  defined 
than  that  of  the  others,  but  the  principle  is  the 
same  throughout.  The  Metropolitan  Act  bears 
date  September  4,  1848 ;  and  the  City  Act,  Sep- 
tember 5,  1848. 

The  Metropolitan  Commissioners  have  the  con- 
trol over  "  the  sewers,  drains,  watercourses,  weirs, 
dams,  banks,  defences,  gratings,  pipes,  conduits, 
culverts,  sinks,  vaults,  cesspools,  rivers,  reservoirs, 
engines,  sluices,  penstocks,  and  other  works  and 
apparatus  for  the  collection  and  discharge  of  rain- 
water, surplus  land  or  spring-water,  waste  water, 
or  filth,  or  fluid,  or  semi-fluid  refuse  of  all  descrip- 
tions, and  for  the  protection  of  land  from  floods 
or  inundation  within  the  limits  of  the  Commis- 
sion." Ample  as  these  powers  seem  to  be,  the 
Commissioners'  authority  does  not  extend  over  the 
Thames,  which  is  in  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Lord 
Mayor  and  Corporation  of  the  City  of  London ; 


and  it  appears  childish  to  give  men  control  over 
"  rivers,'  and  to  empower  them  to  take  measures 
"  for  the  protection  of  land  from  floods  or  inun- 
dation," while  over  the  great  metropolitan  stream 
itself,  from  Yantlet  Creek,  below  Gravesend,  to 
Oxford,  they  have  no  power  whatever. 

The  Commissioners  (City  as  well  as  Metropoli- 
tan) are  empowered  to  enforce  proper  house-drain- 
age wherever  needed  ;  to  regulate  the  building  of 
new  houses,  in  respect  of  water-closets,  cesspools, 
&c. ;  to  order  any  street,  staircase,  or  passage  not 
effectually  cleansed  to  be  effectually  cleansed  ;  to 
remedy  all  nuisances  having  ifllanitary  tendencies ; 
to  erect  x>ullic  water  closets  and  urinals,  free  from 
any  charge  to  the  public ;  to  order  houses  and 
rooms  to  be  whitewashed  ;  to  erect  places  for  depo- 
siting the  bodies  of  poor  persons  deceased  until 
interment ;  and  to  regulate  the  cleanliness,  ven- 
tilation, and  even  accommodation  of  low  lodging- 
houses. 

The  jurisdiction  of  the  Metropolitan  Commis- 
sioners of  Sewers  extends  over  "all  such  places 
or  parts  in  the  counties  of  Middlesex,  Surrey, 
Essex,  and  Kent,  or  any  of  them  not  more  than 
twelve  miles  distant  in  a  straight  line  from  St. 
Patd's  Cathedral,  in  the  City  of  London,  but  not 
being  within  the  City  of  London  or  the  liberties 
thereof." 

This,  it  must  be  confessed,  is  an  exceedingly 
broad  definition  of  the  extent  of  the  jurisdiction  of 
the  Metropolitan  Commission,  giving  the  Commis- 
sioners an  extraordinary  amount  of  latitude. 

In  our  days  there  are  many  Londons.  There 
is  the  London  (or  the  metropolitan  apportionment 
of  the  capital)  as  defined  by  the  Registrar-Gene- 
ral. This,  as  we  have  seen,  has  an  area  of  115 
square  miles,  and  therefore  may  be  said  to  com- 
prise as  nearly  as  possible  all  those  places  which 
are  rather  more  than  five  miles  distant  from  the 
Post  Office. 

There  is  the  Metropolis  as  defined  by  the  Post- 
Oflice  functionaries,  or  the  limits  assigned  to 
what  is  termed  the  "  London  District  Post."  This 
London  District  Post  seems,  however,  to  have 
three  different  metropolises : — First,  there  is  the 
Central  Metropolis,  throughout  which  there  is 
an  hourly  delivery  of  letters  after  mid-day,  and 
which  deliveries  are  said  to  be  confined  to 
"  London."  Then  there  is  the  six-delivery  Metro- 
polis, or  that  throughout  which  the  letters  are  des- 
patched and  received  six  times  per  day;  this  is  said 
to  extend  to  such  of  the  "environs"  as  are  included 
within  a  circle  of  three  miles  from  the  General 
Post  Office.  Then  there  is  the  six-mile  Metropolis 
with  special  privileges.  And  lastly,  the  twelve-mile 
Metropolis,  which,  being  the  extreme  range  of  the 
London  District  Post,  may  be  said  to  constitute 
the  metropolis  of  the  General  Post  Office. 

There  is,  again,  the  metropolis  of  the  Metropo- 
litan Commissioners  of  Police,  before  the  region 
of  rural  police  and  country  and  parish  constables 
is  attained;  a  jurisdiction  which  covers  96  square 
miles,asl  haveshown  at  pp.  163-166  of  the  present 
volume,  and  reaches — generally  speaking — to  such 
places  as  are  included  within  a  circle  of  five  miles 
and  a  half  from  the  General  Post  Office. 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


417 


There  is,  moreover,  the  metropolis,  as  defined 
by  the  Hackney-Carriage  Act,  which  comprises  all 
such  places  as  are  within  jixe  viiles  of  the  General 
Post  Office. 

And  further,  there  is  the  Metropolis  of  the 
London  City  Mission,  which  extends  to  eight  miles 
from  the  Post  Office,  and  the  Metropolis,  again,  of 
the  London  Ragged  Schools,  which  reaches  to 
about  three  miles  from  the  Post  Office. 

This,  however,  is  not  all,  for  there  are  divers 
districts  for  the  registration  and  exercise  of  votes, 
parliamentary,  or  municipal ;  there  are  ecclesias- 
tical and  educational  districts  ;  there  is  a  thorough 
complication  of  parochial,  extra-parochial,  and  char- 
tered districts ;  there  is  a  world  of  subdivisions 
.•md  of  sub-subdivisions,  so  ramified  here  and  so 
closely  blended  there,  and  often  with  such  prepos- 
terous and  arbitrary  distinctions,  that  to  describe 
them  would  occupy  more  than  a  whole  Number. 

My  present  business,  however,  is  the  extent  of 
the  jurisdiction  of  the  Metropolitan  Commissioners 
of  Sewers,  or  rather  to  ascertain  the  boundaries  of 
that  metropolis  over  which  the  Metropolitan  Com- 
missioners are  allowed  to  have  sway. 

The  many  discrepancies  and  differences  I  have 
explained  make  it  difficult  to  define  any  district 
for  the  London  sewerage ;  and  in  the  Reports,  &c., 
which  are  presented  to  Parliament,  or  prepared  by 
public  bodies,  little  or  no  care  seems  to  be  taken 
to  observe  any  distinctiveness  in  this  respect. 

For  instance  :  The  jurisdiction  of  the  Metropoli- 
tan Commission  of  Sewers,  which  is  said  to  extend 
to  all  such  places  as  are  not  more  than  12  miles 
distant  in  a  straight  line  from  St.  Paul's  Cathedral, 
in  the  City  of  London,  comprises  an  area  of  452 
square  miles;  the  metropolis,  that  of  the  Registrar- 
General,  presenting  a  radius  of  6  miles  (with  a 
fractional  addition),  contains  115  square  miles; 
yet  in  official  documents  58  square  miles,  or  a 
circle  of  about  4  J  miles  radius,  are  given  as  the 
extent  of  the  metropolis  sewered  by  the  Metropo- 
litan Commission.  By  what  calculations  this  53 
miles  are  arrived  at,  whether  it  has  been  the  arhi- 
trium  of  the  authorities  to  consider  the  sewers, 
&c.,  as  occupying  the  half  of  the  area  of  the  Regis- 
trar-General's metropolis,  or  what  other  reason  has 
induced  the  computation,  I  am  unable  to  say. 

The  boundaries  of  the  several  metropolises  may 
be  indicated  as  follows: — 

The  Three-Mile  Circle  includes  Camberwell ; 
skirts  Peckham ;  seems  to  divide  ))eptford  (irre- 
gularly) ;  touches  the  West  India  Dock  ;  includes 
portions  of  Limehoose,  Stepney,  Bromley,  Strat- 
ford-le-Bow,  and  about  the  half  of  Yictoria-park, 
Hackney.  It  likewise  comprises  a  part  of  Lower 
Clapton,  Dalston,  and  a  portion  of  Stoke  New- 
ington ;  and  closely  touching  upon  or  containing 
small  portions  of  Lower  Holloway,  and  Kentish- 
town,  sweeps  through  the  Regent's  and  Hyde 
parks,  includes  a  moiety  of  Chelsea,  and  crossing 
the  river  at  the  Red-house,  Battersea,  completes 
the  circle.  This  is  the  six-delivery  district  of  the 
General  Post  Office. 

In  this  three-mile  district  are  chiefly  condensed 
the  population,  commerce,  and  wealth  of  the 
greatest  and  richest  city  in  the  world. 


The  Six-Mile  Circle  runs  from  Streatham  (on 
the  south) ;  just  excludes  Sydenham ;  contains 
within  its  exterior  line  Lewishani,  Greenwich, 
and  a  part  of  Woolwich  ;  also,  wholly  or  partially, 
East  Ham,  Laytonstone,  Walthamstow,  Totten- 
ham, Hornsey,  Highgate,  Hanipstead,  Kensall- 
green.  Hammersmith,  Fulham,  Wandsworth,  and 
Upper  Tooting.  The  portion  without  the  three- 
mile  circle,  and  witliin  the  six,  is  the  suhurhan 
portion  or  the  immediate  environs  of  the  metropo- 
lis, and  still  presents  rural  and  woodland  beauties 
in  different  localities.  This  may  be  termed  the 
metropolis  of  the  Registrar-General  and  Commis- 
sioners of  Metropolitan  Police. 

The  Ticelve-Mile  Circle,  or  the  extent  of  the 
jurisdiction  of  the  Metropolitan  Commissioners  of 
Sewers,  as  well  as  the  "  London  District  Post,"  in- 
clude&(^roydon,Wickham,  Paul's  Cray,  Foot's  Craj', 
North  Cray,  and  Bexley ;  crosses  the  river  at  the 
Eriih-reach;  proceeds  across  the  Rainham-marshes; 
comprises  Dagenham;  skirts  Romford;  includes 
Henhault-forest  and  the  greater  portion  of  Epping- 
forest ;  touches  Waltham-abbey  and  Cheshunt ; 
comprehends  Enfield  and  Chipping-Barnet;  runs 
through  Elstre  and  Stanmore ;  comprehends  Har- 
row-on-the-Hill,  Norwood,  and  Hounslow;  em- 
braces Twickenham  and  Teddington;  seems  to 
divide  somewhat  equally  the  domains  of  Bushey- 
park  and  of  Hampton-court  Palace  ;  then,  crossing 
the  river  about  midway  between  Thames  Ditton 
and  Kingston,  the  boundary  line  passes  between 
Cheam  and  Ewell,  and  completes  the  circuit. 

Over  this  large  district,  then,  the  jurisdiction 
of  the  Metropolitan  Commissioners  of  Sewers  is 
said  to  extend,  and  one  of  the  outlets  of  the 
London  sewers  has  already  been  spoken  of  as  being 
situate  at  Hampton.  The  district  yielding  the 
amount  of  sewage  which  is  assumed  as  being  the 
gross  wet  house-refuse  of  the  metropolis  is,  as  we 
have  seen,  taken  at  58  square  miles,  and  is  com- 
prised within  a  circle  of  about  4  ^  miles  radius ;  this 
reaches  only  to  Brixton,  Dulwich,  Greenwich, 
East  India  Docks,  Layton,  Highgate,  Hampstead, 
Bayswater,  Kensington,  Brompton,  and  Battersea. 
The  actual  jurisdiction  of  the  Commissioners  is, 
then,  nearly  eight  times  larger  than  the  portion  to 
which  the  estimated  amount  of  the  sewage  .  of 
the  metropolis  refers. 

The  metropolit.in  district  is  still  distinguished 
by  the  old  divisions  of  the  Tower  Hamlets, 
Poplar  and  Blackwall,  Holborn  and  Finsbiiry, 
Westminster,  &c. ;  but  many  of  these  divisions  are 
now  incorporated  into  one  district ;  of  which  there 
would  appear  to  be  but  four  at  present ;  or  five, 
inclusive  of  the  City. 

These  are  as  follows  : — 

1.  Fulham  and  Hammersmith,  Counter's  Creek 
and  Ranelagh  districts. 

2.  Westminster  (Eastern  and  Western),  Re- 
gent-street, and  Holborn. 

3.  Finsbury,  Tower  Hamlets,  Poplar,  and 
Blackwall. 

4.  Districts  south  of  the  Thames,  Eastern  and 
Western. 

6.  City. 

The  practical  part  or  working  of  the  Commis* 


4IS 


LOXDOy  LABOUR  AXD  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


sion  of  Sewers  is  nnidi  less  complicated  at  present 
than  it  was  in  the  times  of  the  independent 
districts  and  independent  commissions. 

The  orders  for  all  work  to  bo  done  emanate 
from  the  court  in  Greek-street,  but  the  several 
surveyors,  &c.  (whose  salaries,  numbers,  &c.,  are 
given  below"),  can  and  do  order  on  their  responsi- 
bility any  repair  of  a  temporary  character  which  is 
evidently  pressing,  and  report  it  at  the  next  court 
day.  The  Court  meets  weekly  and  monthly,  and 
•what  may  be  styled  the  heavier  portion  of  the  busi- 
ness, as  regards  expenditure  on  great  works,  is  more 
usually  transacted  at  the  monthly  meetings,  when 
the  attendance  is  generally  fuller;  but  the  Court 
can,  and  sometimes  does,  meet  much  more  fre- 
quently, and  Bonietimes  has  adjourned  from  day 
to  da}'. 

Any  private  individual  or  any  pxiblic  body 
may  make  a  communication  or  suggestion  to  the 
Court  of  Sewers,  which,  if  it  be  in  accordance 
■with  their  functions,  is  taken  into  consideration 
at  the  next  accruing  court  day,  or  as  soon  after  as 
convenient.  The  Court  in  these  cases  either 
comes  to  a  decision  of  adoption  or  rejection  of  any 
proposition,  or  refers  it  to  one  of  their  engineers 
or  surveyors  for  a  report,  or  to  a  committee  of  the 
Commissioners,  appointed  by  the  Court;  if  the 
proposition  be  professional,  as  to  defects,  or  alleged 
and  recommended  improvements  in  the  local 
sewers,  &c.,  it  is  referred  to  a  professional  gentle- 
man for  his  opinion  ;  if  it  be  more  general,  as  to 
the  extension  of  sewerage  to  some  new  under- 
taking or  meditated  undertakiil^  in  the  way  of 
building  new  markets,  streets,  or  any  places,  large 
and  public ;  or  in  applications  for  the  use  and 
appropriation  by  enterprising  men  of  sewage 
manure,  it  is  referred  to  a  committee. 

On  receiving  such  reports  the  Court  makes  an 
order  according  to  its  discretion.  If  the  work  to 
be  done  be  extensive,  it  is  entrusted  to  the  chief 
engineer,  and  perhaps  to  a  principal  surveyor 
acting  in  accordance  with  him  ;  if  the  work  be 
more  local,  it  is  consigned  to  a  surveyor.  One  or 
other  of  these  officers  provides,  or  causes  to  be 
prepared,  a  plan  and  a  description  of  the  work 
to  be  done,  and  instructs  the  clerk  of  the 
works  to  procure  estimates  of  the  cost  at  which 
a  contractor  Tviil  undertake  to  execute  this 
work,  or,  as  it  is  often  called  by  the  labouring 
class,  to  "  complete  the  joh "  (a  word  at  one 
time  singularly  applicable).  The  estimates 
are  sent  by  the  competing  builders,  architects, 
general  speculators,  or  by  any  one  wishing  to 
contract,  to  the  court  house  (without  the  inter- 
vention of  any  person,  officiall}'  or  otherwise) 
and  ihey  are  submitted  to  the  Board  by  their 
clerk.  The  lowest  contract,  as  the  sum  total  of 
the  work,  is  most  generally  adopted,  and  when  a 
contract  has  been  accepted,  the  matter  seems 
settled  and  done  with,  as  regards  the  manage- 
ment of  the  Commissioners  ;  for  the  contractor  at 
once  becomes  responsible  for  the  fulfilment  of  his 
contract,  and  may  and  does  employ  whom  he 
pleases  a/id  at  xcliat  rates  he  ^^Zea^es,  without  fear 
of  any  control  or  interference  from  the  Court. 
The  work,  however,  is  superintended  by  the  sur- 


veyors, to  ensure  its  execution  according  to  the 
provisions  of  the  agreement.  The  contractor  is 
paid  by  direct  order  of  the  Court. 

The  surveyors  and  clerks  of  works  are  mostly 
limited  as  to  their  labours  to  the  several 
districts  ;  but  the  superior  officers  are  emploj-ed 
in  all  parts,  and  so,  if  necessary,  are  the  subordi- 
nate officers  when  the  work  requires  an  extra 
staff. 

According  to  the  Returns,  the  following  func- 
tionaries appear  to  be  connected  with  the  under- 
mentioned districts : — 


Finsbtay. 

1  Clerk  of  the  Works. 

1  Inspector  of  Flushing. 

Tower  Hamlets,  and  Pop- 
lar and  Blatkwalt. 

1  Surveyor,  who  has  also 
the  Finsbury  division  in- 
cluded in  his  district. 

2  Clerks  of  the  Works. 
2  Inspectors  of  Flushing. 

South  of  the  Thames. 
Western  Districts. 

1  Surveyor. 

2  Clerks  of  the  Works. 
2  Inspectors  of  Flushing. 

Eastern  Districts. 

1  Surveyor. 

2  Clerks  of  the  Works. 
2  Inspectors  of  Flushing. 

What  may  be  called  the  working  staff  of  the 
Metropolitan  Commissioners  consists  of  the  follow- 
ing functionaries,  receiving  the  following  salaries : — 


Fulham,  Hammersmith, 
Center's  Creek,  and  Ra- 
nelagh. 

]  Surveyor. 

3  Clerks  of  the  Works. 

1  Inspector  of  Flushing. 

Eastern  and  Western  Di- 
visivtis  of  Westminster  and 
Regent-street. 

1  Surveyor,  who  has  also 
the  Holborn  division  to 
attend  to. 

2  Clerks  of  the  Works. 

G  Flap  and  Sluice  keepers. 

Holbm-n. 

2  Clerks  of  the  Works. 

1  Inspector  of  Flushing. 


£ 
Chairman,  with  a 
yearly  salary  of  1,000 


Secretary,  with  a 
yearly  salary  of 
(besides  an  allow- 
ance of  £100,  in 
lieu  of  apart- 
ments)     

Clerk  of  minutes 

Two  clerks  of  do., 
(each  with  a  sa- 
lary of  i.'l.W)    . . 

One  do.,  with  a 
salary  of 

One     do.        do. 

One     do.        do. 

One     do.       do. 


800 
350 


300    0 


Accountant    do. 

Accountant's  clerk 
do 

Do  do. 

Clerk  of  survey- 
ors' and  contrac- 
tors'accounts  .. 

Do.  do. 

Do.  do. 

Clerk  of  rates 

Another  do 

Do.  do 

Do.  do 


120 
105 
95 
90 


150 
80 


200 
125 
110 

250 
180 
110 
90 


Engineer 1,000 

For  travelhng  ex- 
penses        200 

Surveyor  for  Ful- 
ham and  Ham- 
mersmith, Coun- 
ter's Creek,  and 
Uanelagh  dis- 
tricts          350 

Clerk  of  works 
(Hammersmith)       150 


Do.  (Counter's 
Creek) 

Do.  (Ranelagh) .. 

Inspector  of 
flushing  

Surveyor  of  east- 
ern and  western 
divisions  of  West- 
minster, and  of 
Regent-st.  and 
Holborn  divi- 
sions  

Two  clerks  of 
works  (eastern 
and  western  and 
Regent  -  street), 
with  a  salary  of 
£300  each 

Two  do.  (Hol- 
born), with  a 
salary  of  £150 
each 

Inspector  of 
flushing 

Surveyor  of  Fins- 
bury,  Tower 
Hamlets,  and 
Poplar  and 
Black  wall 

Clerk  of  works 
(Finsbury) 

Inspector  of 
flushing 

Two  clerks  of 
works  (Tower 
Hamlets,  aqd 
Poplar  and 
Blackwall),  with 
a  salary  of  £150 
each     

Two  inspectors 
of  flushings 
with  a  salary  of 
£80  each    

One  marsh  bailifT 


£ 


150    0 
150    0 


300    0 


300    0 
CO    0 


300  0 
150  0 
80    0 


KJO    0 
C5    0 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Suncyor  of  the 
western  districts 
south  of  the 
Thame* 

Do.,  eastern  do. 

Clerk  of  works 
(eastern  portion) 

Two  inspectors  of 
flushing.  £«0 
each 

One  wallreeve   . . 

Clerk  of  works 
(western  portion) 

Do.  do. 

Two  inspectors  of 
flushing,  with  a 
salary  of  Jb'80 
each 

Two  engineer's 
clerks,  with  a 
salary  of  £\M 
each 

One  do. 

One  do. 

One  do. 

One  by-law  clerk 
Twenty-two  flap 
and  sluice 
keepers  


£ 

t. 

300 
250 

0 
0 

IW 

0 

160 

0 
8 

164 
150 

0 
0 

IGO 

0 

300 
J50 
100 
80 

0 
0 
0 
0 

150 

0 

892  12 

£  >. 
Surveyor  (of  the 

6ur%-eying      and 

drawing  staflF )  . .  250  0 
Drawing  cleik  ..  150  0 
Two  da,  with  a 

salary    of    £130 

each     260    0 

Five  do.,  with  a 

salary     of  £105 

each     625    0 

One  do 50    0 

Six        surveyors, 

with  a  salary  of 

£10(1  each (500    0 

Sixchaininen,18«. 

a  week  each 280    0 

Oflice-keepcr  and 
crier  (general 
service)    120    0 

BailiflF,  &c 100    0 

Strong-room  keep- 
er..         80    0 

One  messenger  . .        70    0 

Two  do.,£-l<»  each       80    0 

Three  errand- 
boys,  f  32  each..        96    0 

Housekeeper....      150    0 

Yearly  total    £13,a74    0 


Thia  is  called  a  "reduced"  stafF,  and  the  re- 
duction of  salaries  is  certainly  very  considerable. 

If  we  consider  the  yearly  emoluments  of 
tradesmen  in  businesses  requiring  no  great  extent 
of  edtrtation  or  general  intelligence,  the  salaries 
of  the  surveyors,  clerk  of  the  works,  &c.,  must 
appear  very  far  from  extravagant ;  and  when  we 
consider  their  responsibility  and  what  may  be 
called  their  removability,  some  of  the  salaries 
may  be  pronounced  mean;  for  I  think  it  must 
be  generally  admitted  by  all,  except  the  narrow- 
minded,  who  look  merely  at  the  immediate 
outlay  as  the  be-all  and  the  end-all  of  every 
expenditure,  that  if  the  surveyors,  clerks  of 
works,  inspectors  of  flushing,  &c.,  be  the  best 
men  who  could  be  procured  (as  they  ought  to 
be),  or  at  any  rate  be  thorough  masters  of  their 
craft,  they  are  rather  underpaid  than  overpaid. 

The  above  statement  may  be  analysed  in  the 
following  manner: — 

£    t.  £ 

1,000 


Chairman  .  .  . 
Secretary  and  7  clerks  . 
Accountant  and  5  clerks  . 
Clerk    of   rates  and    8 


1860 
1015 


680    0 


Engineer  and  5  clerks    .  1830     0 

7  surveyors,  of  survey- 
ing and  drawing  staff,  with 
6  chaiiunen  and  9  drawing 
clerks        ....  2125    0 

5  district  ranreyort         .1500    0 

12  clerks  of  works  .  2278     0 

9  inspectors  of  flushing        720     0 

22  flap  and  aUuee 
keepers  .         .        .     892  12 

Bailiff,  naMh-bailliff,  and 
wtXkt^^  .    187    8 


3,505 


9,533 


£     s. 

Office  keeper,  strong-room 
keeper,  and  housekeeper     .     350     0 

3  messengers  and  3  er- 
raud-boya  .         .         .     246     0 


419 


596 


^14,634 
The  cost  of  rent,  taxes,  stationery,  and  office 
incidentals,  is  now  44 40^,  which  makes  the 
total  yearly  outlay  amount  to  upwards  of  19,000?. 
The  annual  cost  of  the  staff  in  the  secretary's  de- 
partment is  said  to  have  been  reduced  from 
3962/.  45.  to  3605/.  ;  in  the  engineers'  depart- 
ment from  1^,437/.  35.  to  8973/.  I65.  In  the 
general  service  there  has  been  an  increase  from 
606/.  I65.  to  696/. 

A  deputation  who  waited  lately  upon  Lord  John 
Russell  is  said  to  have  declared  the  expenses  of 
the  Commissioners'  office  to  be  at  the  rate  of 
from  25  to  30  per  cent,  on  the  amount  of 
rate  collected.      The   sum  collected  in   the  year 

1850  averaged  89,341/.  The  cost  of  manage- 
ment in  that  year  was  23,465/. ;  this,  it  will  be 
seen,  is  26  per  cent  of  the  gross  income. 

The  annual  statement  of  the  receipts  and  ex- 
penditure   under    the   Commission   for   the   year 

1851  has  just  been  published,  but  not  officially ; 
from  this  it  appears  that  in  February,  1851 — 

The  balance  of  cash  in  hand  £      $.  d. 

was 5,760     9  11 

The  total  receipts  during  the 
year  have  amounted  to    .         .      129,000     0     9 

Making  together  .  .  .  134,750  10  8 
The  expenditure,  as  returned  under  the  general 

head,  is — 

For  work  ....  £95,539  19  3 
(This  item  includes  the  cost 

of  supervision  and  compensation 

for  damages.) 

The  cost  of  surveys  has  been  6,332  19     9 

Management  .  .  .  16,430  9  2 
Loans  ....  10,442  10  2 
Contingencies     .         .         .  2,749     1     1 


Total  payments  .         .         .      131,494  19     5 

Balance  in  hand  .  .       £3,356  11     8 

As  an   instance  of  the  mismanagement  of  the 

sewers  work  of  the  metropolis,  it  is  biit  right  that 

the  subjoined  document  should  be  published. 

I  need  not  offer  any  comment  on  the  following 
"  Return  to  an  Address  of  the  Honourable  the 
House  of  Commons,  dated  2Sth  July,  1851," 
except  that  I  was  told  early  in  January,  on  good 
authority,  that  the  matter  was  now  worse  than  it 
was  when  reported  as  follows  : — 

"Privy  Gardens,  Whitehall  Yard,  Scotland 
Yard,  dr.,  Public  Sever. 
"With  reference  to  the  two  orders  of  the 
Commissioners  of  Her  Majesty's  Woods,  fee,  I 
have  the  honour  to  state  that,  since  the  15th  of  No- 
vember (when  I  last  sent  in  a  memorandum).  I  have 
frequently  visited  the  several  Crown  buildinfis  af- 
fected by  the  building  of  the  main  public  sewer 


420 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


for  draining  Westminster  ;  viz.,  the  Earl  of  Malms- 
bury 's,  the  Exchequer  Bill  Office,  the  United 
Service  Museum,  Lord  Liverpool's,  Mr.  Yertue's, 
Mr.  Alderman  Thonipson'a,  and  Messrs.  Dal- 
gleish's. 

"  All  these  buildings  have  been  more  or  less 
damaged  by  the  construction  of  the  sewer ;  the 
Exchequer  Bill  Office,  the  United  Service  Mu- 
seum, and  Mr.  Yertue's,  in  a  manner  that,  in  my 
opinion,  can  nei'er  be  effectually  rejmired. 

"  At  Lord  Malmsbury's,  the  party  wall  next 
to  the  Exchequer  Bill  Office  has  moved,  as  shown 
l)y  some  cracks  in  the  staircase  ;  but  for  this  house 
it  may  not  be  necessary  to  require  more  to  be 
done  than  stopping  and  painting. 

"  At  the  Exchequer  Bill  Office,  the  old  Gothic 
groins  have  been  cmcked  in  several  places,  and 
several  settlements  have  taken  place  in  the  walls 
over  and  near  to  where  the  sewer  passes  under 
the  building.  The  shores  are  still  standing 
against  this  building,  but  it  would  now  be  better 
to  remove  them ;  the  cracks  in  the  groins  and 
walls  can  never  he  reimired  to  render  the  build- 
ing so  substantial  as  it  was  before.  The  cracks 
in  the  basement  still  from  month  to  month  show 
a  very  slight  movement;  those  in  the  staircase 
and  roof  also  appear  to  increase.  As  respects 
this  building,  I  would  submit  to  the  Commissioners 
of  "Woods  that  it  would  not  he  advisable  to  per- 
mit the  surveyors  of  the  Commissioners  of  Sewers 
to  enter  and  make  only  a  surface  repair  of  2^lO'Ster 
and  paint ;  but  I  would  suggest  that  a  careful 
survey  be  made  by  surveyors  appointed  respectively 
by  the  Board  of  Woods  and  the  Commissioners 
of  Sewers,  and  that  a  thorough  repair  of  the 
building  be  made  (so  far  as  it  is  susceptible  of 
repair),  under  the  Board  of  Woods ;  the  Com- 
missioners of  Sewers  paying  such  proportion  of 
the  cost  thereof  as  may  fairly  be  deemed  to  have 
been  occasioned  by  their  proceedings. 

"  At  the  United  Service  Museum,  the  settle- 
ments on  the  side  next  the  sewer  appear  to  me 
very  serious. 

"  The  house  occupied  by  Lord  Liverpool,  as 
also  Mr,  Yertue's  house,  of  which  his  Lordship  is 
Crown  lessee,  were  both  affected,  the  former  to 
some  extent,  but  not  seriously  ;  of  the  latter,  the 
west  front  sunk,  and  pulled  over  the  whole  house 
with  it;  but  as  respects  these  two  houses  the 
interference  of  the  Board  is,  I  believe,  unnecessary, 
Mr.  Hardwicke  (one  of  the  Sewer  Commissioners) 
having,  as  architect  for  Lord  Liverpool,  caused 
both  to  be  repaired. 

"  A  like  repair  has  also  been  made  in  the 
kitchen  offices  of  Mr.  Alderman  Thompson's 
house,  where  alone  any  cracks  appeared. 

"  At  Messrs.  Dalgleishand  Taylor's,  very  serious 
injury  has  been  done  to  both  their  buildings  and 
their  trade.  The  Commissioners  of  Sewers  have 
a  steam-engine  still  at  work  on  those  premises, 
and  have  not  yet  concluded  their  operations  there. 
Some  of  the  sheds  which  entirely  fell  down  they 
have  rebuilt ;  and  others,  which  appear  in  a  very 
defective  if  not  dangerous  state,  it  is  understood 
they  propose  to  repair  or  rebuild  ;  but  as  eventually 
Messrs.  Dalgleish  and  Taylor  will   have  a  very 


heavy  claim  against  them  for  interference  with 
business,  and  as  the  extent  of  damage  to  the 
buildings  which  has  been  done,  or  may  hereafter 
arise,  cannot  at  present  be  fully  ascertained,  it 
would  probably  be  advisable  to  postpone  this 
part  of  the  subject,  giving  notice,  however,  to 
the  Commissionors  of  Sewers  that  it  must  here- 
after come  under  consideration. 

(Signed)     "James  Pennethorne. 
"10th  May,  1851." 

"Sewer,  Whitehall  Yard,  Ac. 
■  "  Under  the  order  of  the  Commissioners  of  Her 
Majesty's  Woods,  &c.,  of  yesterday's  date,  en- 
dorsed on  a  letter  from  Mr.  Tonna,  I  h;\ve  in- 
spected the  United  Service  Institution  in  White- 
hall Yard,  and  find  most  of  the  cracks  have 
moved. 

**  The  movement,  though  slight,  and  not  showing 
immediate  danger,  is  more  than  I  had  anticipated 
would  occur  within  so  short  a  period  when  I  re- 
ported on  the  10th  instant.  It  tends  to  confirm 
the  opinion  therein  given,  and  shows  the  necessity 
for  immediate  precaution,  and  for  a  thorough 
repair. 


(Signed) 
« 16th  May,  1851. 

"  Seymour, 

"  Chables  Gore, 


"James  Pennethorne. 

Commissioners  of  Her 
Majesty's  Woods,  Fo- 
rests, Land  Revenues, 
Works,  and  Buildings. 


"Office  of  Woods,  &c. 
"  5th  August,  1851." 

Op  the  Sewers  Rate. 
Having   shown   the   expenditure    of  the   Com- 
mission of  Sewers,  we  now  come   to  consider  its 
income. 

The  funds  available  for  the  sewerage  and  drainage 
of  the  several  towns  throughout  the  kingdom,  are 
raised  by  means  of  a  particular  property  tax, 
termed  the  Sewers  Rate.  This  forms  part  of 
what  are  designated  the  Local  Taxes  of  England 
and  Wales. 

Local  taxes  are  of  two  classes  : — 

I.  Rates  raised  upon  property  in  defined  dis- 
tricts, as  parishes,  jurisdictions,  counties,  &c. 

II.  Tolls,  dues,  and  fees  charged  for  particular 
services  on  particular  occasions,  as  turnpike  tolls, 
harbour  dues,  &c.,  &c. 

The  rates  or  sums  raised  upon  the  property 
lying  within  a  certain  circumscribed  locality,  admit 
of  being  subdivided  into  two  orders — 

1.  The  rates  of  independent  districts,  or  those 
which,  being  required  for  a  particular  district  (as 
the  parish  or  some  equivalent  territorial  limit), 
are  not  only  levied  within  the  bounds  of  that 
district,  but  expended  for  the  purposes  of  it 
alone  ;  as  is  the  case  with  the  poor  rate. 

2.  The  rates  of  aggregate  districts,  or  those 
which,  though  required  to  be  expended  for  the 
purposes  of  a  given  district  (such  as  the  county), 
are  raised  in  detail  in  the  several  inferior  districts 
(such  as  the  various  parishes)  which  compose  the 
larger  one,  and  which  contribute  the  sums  thus 
levied  to  one  common  fund ;  such  is  the  case  with 
the  county  rate. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


421 


Bat  the  rates  of  independent  districts  may  be 
farther  distinguished  into  two  orders,  viz. — 

i.  Those  which  are  levied  on  the  same 
classes  of  persons,  the  same  kinds  of  property,  and 
the  same  principles  of  valuation  as  the  poor  rate ; 
SQch  are  the  highway  rate,  the  lighting  and 
watching,  and  the  militia  rate  among  the  inde- 
pendent rates;  and  the  police,  borough,  and 
county  rates  among  the  aggregate  rates. 

ii.  Those  which  are  not  levied  on  the  same 
basis  as  the  poor  rate.  The  church  and  sewers 
rates  are  familiar  instances  of  this  peculiarity. 

The  sewers  rate,  then,  is  a  local  tax  required  for 
an  independent  rather  than  an  aggregate  district, 
and  is  not  levied  upon  the  basis  of  the  poor  law. 

The  assessment  of  the  poor  rate,  for  instance, 
includes  tithes  of  every  kind,  that  of  the  sewers 
rate  extends  to  such  tithes  only  as  are  in  the 
hands  of  laymen.  Again,  the  sewers  rate  em- 
braces some  incorporeal  hereditaments  to  which 
the  poor  rate  does  not  extend  ;  but  stock  in  trade, 
•which  of  late  years  has  been  specially  exempted  from 
the  poor  rate,  was  never  subject  to  the  sewers  rate. 

A  sewers  rate,  however,  was  known  as  early 
as  the  sixth  year  of  Henry  VI.  (1427),  though 
"commissions"  were  not  instituted  till  the  time 
of  Henry  VIII.  The  Act  which  now  regulates 
the  collection  of  the  funds  required  for  the  cleans? 
ing,  building,  repairs,  and  improvements  of  the 
sewers,  is  4  and  5  Vict.  (1841).  This  statute 
gives  the  "Courts"  or  "Commissions"  of  Sewers, 
power  "to  tax  in  the  gross"  in  each  parish,  &c., 
all  lands,  &c.,  within  the  jurisdiction  of  such 
courts,  for  the  requirements  of  the  public  sewerage. 
This  impost  is  not  periodically  levied,  nor  at  any 
stated  or  even  regularly  recurring  term,  but  "  as 
occasion  requires:"  perhaps  once  in  two  or  three 
years.  It  is  (with  some  exceptions,  which  require 
no  notice)  what  is  commonly  called  "  a  landlord's 
tax"  in  the  metropolis,  that  is,  the  sewers-rate 
collector  must  be  paid  by  the  occupier  of  the  pre- 
mises, who,  on  the  production  of  the  collector's 
receipt,  can  deduct  the  amount  from  his  rent.  If 
this  arrangement  were  meant  to  convey  a  notion 
to  the  public  that  the  sewers  tax  was  a  tax  on 
properly — on  the  capitalist  who  owns,  and  not  on 
the  tenant  who  merely  occupies — it  is  a  shallow 
device,  for  every  one  must  know  that  the  more 
•ewers  rate  a  tenant  pays  for  his  landlord,  the 
more  rent  he  must  pay  to  him. 

The  sewers  rate  is  levied  according  to  the  rate- 
able value  put  upon  property  by  the  surveyors  and 
assessors  appointed  by  the  Commissioners,  who 
may  make  the  rate  "  by  such  ways  and  means, 
and  in  such  manner  and  form,  as  to  them  may 
seem  most  convenient"  It  seems  a  question  yet 
to  be  determined  whether  or  not  there  is  a  right 
of  appeal  against  the  sewers  rate,  but  the  general 
opinion  is  that  there  is  no  appeal.  The  rate  can 
be  mortgaged  by  the  Commissioners  if  an  advance 
of  money  is  considered  desirable.  The  maximum 
of  It.  in  the  pound  on  the  net  annual  value  of  the 
property  was  fixed  by  the  Act  The  Commissioners 
have  also  the  power  to  levy  a  "special  rate"  on 
any  district  not  connected  with  \he  general  system 
of  sewerage,  but  which  it  has  been  resolved  should 


be  so  connected  ;  also  an  "  improvement  rate/'  at 
a  maximum  of  1 0  per  cent  on  the  rack  rent,  "  in 
respect  of  works  they  may  judge  to  be  of  private 
benefit/'  a  provision  which  has  called  forth  some 
comments. 

The  metropolitan  sewers  rate  is  now  collected  in 
nine  districts. 

There  are  at  present  42  Commissions  or  Courts 
of  Sewers  throughout  England  and  Wales. 

The  only  return  which  has  yet  been  prepared 
of  the  annual  amount  assessed  and  collected  under 
the  authority  of  the  Metropolitan  Commission  of 
Sewers,  is  one  presented  to  the  House  of  Commons 
in  1843.  It  includes  the  sum  assessed  in  four  of 
the  eight  districts  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the 
Metropolitan  Commissioners  from  1831  to  1840 
inclusive. 


Total  in  the 

Annual 

Districts. 

10  years. 

Average. 

£ 

£ 

Westminster 

235,397 

23,539i7, 

Holborn  and  Finsbury 

123,317 

12,331t7j 

Tower  Hamlets . 

82,468 

8MK 

From   East    Moulsey, 

in  Surrey,  to  Ravens- 

bourne,  in  Kent 

175,137 

17,5137g 

616,319 

61,631^?5 

The  following  amounts  were  returned  to  Parlia- 
ment as  that  expended  in  two  other  of  the  metro- 
politan districts  in  the  year  1833 


In  the  City 
Poplar  district 


Annual  average  of  the  four  above- 
mentioned  districts  .         . 


^17,71 8,25 
2,746fg 

£20,465T'g 

61,631^ 


Yearly  totiil  £82,097 
The  two  districts  excluded  from  the  above  total 
are  the  minor  ones  of  St.  Katherine  and  Green- 
wich, so  that  altogether  the  gross  sum  levied 
within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Metropolitan  Com- 
missioners must  have  been  between  85,000/.  and 
90,000/. 

The  annual  amount  of  the  local  rates  in  Eng- 
land and  Wales  is,  according  to  a  work  on  the 
subject  ("  The  Local  Taxes  of  the  United  King- 
dom"), published  "  under  the  direction  of  the 
Poor  Law  Commissioners"  in  1846,  8,801,838/.* 
In  this  large  sum  only  the  average  annual  outlay 
on  the  six  districts  of  the  sewers  of  the  metropolis 
is  included  (82,097/.),  and  it  is  stated  that  not 
even  an  approximate  average  could  be  arrived  at  as 
regards  the  expendit\ire  on  sewers  in  the  country 
districts.  Such  absence  of  statistical  knowledge, 
— and  it  is  a  want  continually  observable — is  little 
crediUible  to  the  legislative,  executive,  and  admi- 
nistrative powers  of  the  State. 

I  shall  now  proceed  to  show,  from  the  best  data 
at  my  command,  the  present  outlay  on  the  metro- 
politan sewers. 

•  The  following?  statement  may,  according  to  the 
work  above  alluded  to,  be  presented  as  an  approximate 


422 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


According  to  the  present  law,  the  Commissioners 
are  required  to  submit  to  Parliament  yearly  returns 
of  the  money  collected  on  account  of,  and  expended 
in,  the  sewerage  of  the  metropolis. 

I  need  only  state,  that  in  the  latest  and,  indeed, 
the  sole  returns  upon  the  subject,  the  rates  in  1845- 
6-7,  under  the  former  separate  commissions,  were 
\d.  and  2d.  in  the  pound  on  land,  and  from  Zd. 
(Ranelagh  and  Westminster)  to  Is.  lOd.  (Green- 
wich) on  houses. 


The  rates  made  under  the  combined  and  consoli- 
dated Commissions,  from  30th  Nov.,  1847,  to  8th 
Oct.,  1849,  were  all  6d.,  excepting  the  Western 
division  of  Westminster  sewers,  which  were  3rf., 
and  a  part  of  the  Surrey  and  Kent  district,  9>d. 

The  rates  under  the  present  Metropolitan  Com- 
mission, from  8th  October,  1849,  to  Slst  July, 
1851,  are  all  Qd.,  with  a  similar  exception  in 
Surrey  and  Kent.  The  following  are  the  only  fur- 
ther returns  bearing  immediately  on  the  subject : — 


KETURN  OF  THE  PERCENTAGE  ON  THE  TOTAL  RATEABLE  ANNUAL  VALUE 
OF  THE  PROPERTY  ASSESSED,  to  which  the  Rates  collected  under  the  separate  Com- 
missions, between  January,  1845,  and  November,  1847,  amounted;  Similar  Rbturn  as  to  the 
combined  and  consolidated  Commissions,  from  November,  1847,  to  October,  1849 ;  and  as  to  the 
present  Commission,  from  October,  1849,  to  July  31,  1851. 


Under  the  old  separate  Com-"1 
missions  of  Sewers,  between  ! 
January,  1845,  and  November  ( 
30,  1847 

Under  the  combined  and  con- 
solidated Commissions,  from  No- 
vember 30,  1847,  to  October  8, 
1849  (including  first  Metropolitan 
Commission)       .... 

Under  the  pi-esent  Metropolitan  "| 
Commission  of  Sewers,  from  Octo-  K 
ber  8,  1849,  to  July  21,  1851     .  J 


Total  Rateable 
Annual  Value  of  the 

Districts  on 
November  30,  1847, 

and 

October  8,  1849,  and 

July  31,  1851, 

respectively. 


£  s.  d. 

6,683,896    0  0 

7,128,111    0  0 

8,135,090*  0  0] 

8,820,325t  0  0  J 


Average  Amount 

collected 

for  One  Year. 


£         S.  d. 

81,738  11  0 

67,707  16  3 

89,341  16  0 


Amount  of  the  Percentage  of 

the  Rates  collected 
on  the  Rateable  Annual  Value. 


£     S.     d. 

1     4     5  or  1\d.  -72  in  the 
pound  per  annum. 


0  18  111  or  2if3.   -11  in 

the    pound     per 
annum. 

1  1^  11  or  2\d.  -52  in  the 

pound  per  annum. 
1     0     3  or  1\d.  -72  in  the 
pound  per  annum. 


*  Rental  of  the  districts  now  rated. 

t  Rental  of  the  districts  within  the  active  jurisdiction  in  which  expenses  have  been  incurred,  and  which  are 
about  to  be  rated. 

August,  1851.  THOMAS  COGGIN, 

Cleric  of  Rates  and  Collections. 


return  of  the  present  annual  amount  of  the  local  rates  in 
England  and  Wales. 

I.  RATES. 

A.  Rates  of  Independent  Districts. 

1.  On  the  hasia  of  the  pcxn-  rate. 

The  poor  rate,  including  the  purposes 

of— 
The  workhouse  building  rate         .    \ 
The  survey  and  valuation  rate      .     / 

Relief  of  the  poor £4,976,093 

Other  objects 567.5C7 

Contributions  to  county  and  borough 

rates  (see  below). 

Jail  fees  rate \ 

Constables  rate         .        .        .        .     / 

Highway  rates 1,312,812 

Lighting  and  watching  rate    .       .        .    unknown 
Militia  rate not  needed 

2.  Not  on  the  basis  of  the  poor  rate. 

Church  rates 506,812 

Sewers  rate- 
General  sewers  tax — 

In  the  metrofwlis 

In  the  rest  of  the  country 
Drainage  and  inclosure  rates 
Inclosure  rate 
Regulated  pasture  rate  . 

B.  Rates  of  Aggregate  Districts. 

County  rates       .  (     Contributed 
Hundred  rate      .<         from  the 
Borough  rates     .  (.      poor  rate. 


■;}■ 


unknown 


82,097 
unknown 


unknown 


1,356,457 


Total  rates  of  England  and  Wales         .    £8,801,834 


The  amount  of  the  taxation  in  the  shape  of  tolls, 
dues,  and  fees  is  as  follows  :  — 

II.  TOLLS,  DUES,  AND  FEES. 


Turnpike  tolls 
Borough  tolls  and  dues 
City  of  London 


Light  dues 

Port  dues 

Church  dues  and  fees 

Marriage  fees    . 

Registration  fees 

Justiciary  fees — 
Clerks  of  the  Peace 
Justices'  clerks    . 


£172,911 
.    205,100 


£\  ,348,085 


378.011 
257.776 
554,645 

unknown 


£11,057 
57,668 


68,725 


Total  tolls,  dues,    and    fees    of 
England  and  Wales    ....  £2,607,241 

The  subjoined,  then  adds  the  same  work,  founded  on 
the  preceding  details,  may  be  regarded  as  exhibiting  an 
approximate  estimate  of  the  present  amount  of  the  local 
taxes  in  England  and  Wales,  beiiig,  however,  obviously 
below  the  actual  total. 

Rates £8,801, a38 

Tolls,  dues,  and  fees        .       2,607,241  ^ 

£11,409,079 

"  The  annual  amount  of  the  local  taxation  of  England 
and  Wales  may  at  the  present  time  be  stated,  in  round 
numbers,  at  not  less  than  £I2,()00,OCK) ;"  or  we  may  say 
that  the  local  taxation  of  the  country  is  one-fourth  of 
the  amount  of  the  general  taxation. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  TEE  LONDON  POOR. 


423 


RETURN  OF  THE  COST  OF  MANAGEMENT  PER   ANNUM    ON    THE   TOTAL  RATE- 
ABLE   ANNUAL    VALUE    OF    THE    DISTRICTS. 


Total 

Rate  per  Cent. 

Rateable  Annual 

Cost  of  Management  per  Annum  of  Cost  of 

Value  of  the 

per  Annum. 

Management  on  the 

YEARS. 

Districts. 

Rateable  Annual 
Value  of  the  Districts. 

£             S.    d. 

£          s.    d. 

£      5.      d. 

1845 

6,320,331     0     0 

18,591     4     3 

0      5   10^ 

lSi6 

6,423.909     0     0 

18,097    5     1 

0      5      7| 

1847 

6,683,896     0     0 

24,371  16     9 

0    7    33^ 

1848 

6,783,111     0     0 

20,008     7  10 

0     5  10| 

1849 

8,077,591     0     0 

20,005     7     6 

0     4  11^ 

1850 

8,791,967     0     0 

23,465  18    7 

0    5    4 

ATTGtTST  7,   1851. 

Op  thb  Clean-stkq  op  the  Sewers — 
Vbxtilation. 

Therb  are  two  modes  of  purifying  the  sewers  ; 
the  one  consists  in  removing  the  foul  air,  the  other 
in  remonng  the  solid  deposits.  I  shall  deal  first 
with  that  mode  of  purification  which  consists  in 
the  mechanical  removal  or  chemical  decomposition 
of  the  noxious  gases  engendered  within  the  sewers. 

This  is  what  is  termed  the  Ventilation  of  the 
Sewers,  and  forms  a  very  important  branch  of  the 
inquiry  into  the  character  and  working  of  the 
underground  refuse-channels,  for  it  relates  to  the 
risk  of  explosions  and  the  consequent  risk  of  de- 
struction to  men's  jires  ;  while,  if  the  sewer  be  ill- 
Tentilated,  the  surrounding  atmosphere  is  often 
prejudicially  affected  by  the  escape  of  impure  air 
from  the  subterranean  channels. 

A  survey  as  to  the  ventilation,  &c.,  of  the 
sewers  was  made  by  Mr.  Hawkins,  Assistant-Sur- 
veyor, and  Mr.  Jenkins,  Clerk  of  the  Works.  Four 
examinations  took  place  of  sewers;  of  those  in 
Bloomsbury ;  those  from  Tottenham-court-road  to 
Norfolk-street,  Strand;  from  the  Guard-room  in 
Buckingham  Palace  to  the  Horseferry-road,  Mill- 
bank  ;  aud  in  Grosvenor-square  and  the  streets 
adjacent.  There  were  difficulties  attending  the 
experiment.  From  Castle-street  to  Museum-street 
tbere  was  a  drop  of  4  feet  in  the  levels,  so  that 
tiM  sixaminers  had  to  advance  on  their  hands  and 
knees,  and  it  was  difficult  to  make  observations. 
In  some  places  in  Westminster  also  the  water  and 
•ih  were  knee  deep, and  the  lamps  (three  were  used) 
splashed  all  over.  In  Bloomsbury  the  sewers 
gave  no  token  of  the  presence  of  any  gas,  but  in 
Um  otkcr  places  its  presence  was  very  perceptible, 
eapedally  in  a  sewer  on  the  west  side  of  Grosvenor- 
sqnare,  a  very  low  one,  in  which  the  gas  was 
ignited  within  the  wire  shade  of  one  of  the  lamps, 
but  without  producing  any  effect  beyond  that  of 
immediately  extinguishing  the  light.  There  was 
also  during  the  ronte,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Sir 
Henry  Menx's  brewery  and  of  an  adjoining  distil- 
lery in  Vina-stwat,  a  oonsidarable  quantity  of 
•toaas  in  the  sewer,  bat  it  bad  no  material  effect 
upon  the  light 

The  ezaiainen  came  to   the  conclusion  that 


G.  S.  HATTON, 

Accountant. 

where  there  was  any  liability  to  an  explosion  from 
the  presence  of  carburetted  hydrogen,  or  other 
causes,  the  Improved  Davy  Lamp  afforded  an 
almost  certain  protection. 

The  attention  of  the  Commissioners  seems  to 
have  been  chiefly  given  of  late,  as  regards* ventila- 
tion and  indeed  general  improvement,  to  the 
sewers  on  the  Surrey  side  of  the  metropolis. 
Among  these  a  new  sewer  along  Friar-street,  run- 
ning from  the  Blackfriars  to  the  Southwark-bridge- 
road,  is  one  of  the  most  noticeable. 

Fiiar-street  is  one  of  the  smaller  off  thorough- 
fares,   the  character  of  which    is,  perhaps,  little 
suspected  by  those  who  pass  along  the  open  Black- 
;  friars-road.     As  you  turn  out  of  that  road  to  the 
;  left  hand,  advancing  from  the  bridge,  almost  oppo- 
site the  Magdalen  Hospital,  is  Friar-street.     On 
its  left  hand,  as  you  proceed  along  it,  are  gas-works, 
and  the  factories,  or  work  places,  of  tradesmen  in 
the  soap-boiling,  tallow-melting,  cat  and  other  gut 
;  manufacturing,  bone-boiling,    and    other  noisome 
callings.     On  the  right  hand  are  a  series  of  short 
and  often  neatly-built  streets,  but  the  majority  of 
them  have  the  look  of  unmistakable  squalor  or 
poverty,  though  not  of  the  poverty  of  the  indus- 
trious.   Across  Flint-street,  Green-street,  and  other 
ways,  few  of  them  horse  thoroughfares,  hang,  on  a 
fair  day,  lines  of  washed  clothes  to  dry.    Yellow- 
,  looking  chemises  and  petticoats  are  afhxed  along- 
■  side  men's  trowsers  and  waistcoats  ;  coarse-featured 
I  and  brazen-looking  women,  with  necks  and  faces 
j  reddened,  as  if  with  brick-dust,  from  exposure  to 
;  the  weather,  stand  at  their  doors  and  beckon  to 
j  the  passers  by.     Perhaps  in  no  part  of  the  metro- 
I  polls  is  there  a  more  marked  manifestation  of  moral 
obsceneness-pn  the  one  hand,  and  physical  obscene- 
I  ness  on  the  other.     With  the  low  prostitution  of 
;  this  locality  is  mixed  the  low  and  the  bold  crime 
I  of  the  metropolis.     Some  of  tlie    offshoots  from 
,  Friar-street  communicate  with  places  of  as  nefa- 
,  rious  a  character.     Hackett,  whom  his  newspaper 
\  admirers  seem  to  wish  to  elevate  into  the  fame  of 
\  a  second  Jack  Sheppard,  resided  in  this  quarter. 
The  i^ung  who  were  last  winter  repulsed  in-  their 
burglarious  attack  on   Mr.  Holford's  villa  in  the 
liegent's-park  fiivoured  the  same  locality,  and  Avere 
arrested  in  their  old  haunts.     Public-houses  may 


424 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


be  seen  here  and  there — houses,  perhaps,  not  greatly- 
discouraged  by  the  police — which  are  at  once  the 
rendezvous  and  the  trap  of  offenders,  for  to  and 
frora  such  resorts  they  can  be  readily  traced.  And 
all  over  this  place  of  moral  degradation  extends 
the  stench  of  offensive  manufactures  and  ill-venti- 
lated sewers.  Certainly  there  is  now  an  improve- 
ment, but  it  is  still  bad  enough. 

A  Report  of  the  21st  September,  1848,  shows 
that  a  new  sewer,  1500  feet  in  length,  had  been 
**  put  in  along  Friar-street,  with  a  fall  of  15  inches 
from  the  level  of  the  sewer  in  Blackfriars-road  to 
Suffolk-street.  The  sewer,"  states  the  Report, 
•'*  with  which  it  communicates  at  its  upper  end  in 
the  Blackfriars-road  contains  nearly  2  feet  in 
depth  of  soil ;  it  in  consequence  has  silted  up  to 
that  level  with  semi-fluid  black  filth,  principally 
from  the  factories,  of  the  most  poisonous  and 
sickening  description,  forming  an  elongated  cesspool 
1500  feet  in  length,  the  filth  at  its  lower  end  being 
upwards  of  3  feet  in  depth.  Since  the  building 
of  this  sewer,  the  foul  matter  so  discharged  into  it 
has  been  in  a  state  of  decomposition,  constantly 
giving  pff  pestilential  and  poisonous  gases,  Avhich 
have  spread  into  and  filled  the  adjoining  sewers  ; 
thence  they  are  being  drawn  into  the  houses  by 
the  house-drains,  and  into  the  streets  by  the 
street-drains,  to  such  a  fearful  extent  as  to  infect 
the  whole  atmosphere  of  the  neighbourhood,  and 
60  to  cause  the  very  offensive  odour  so  generally 
complained  of  there.  Sulphuretted  hydrogen  is 
present  in  these  sewers  in  large  quantities,  as 
metals,  silver  and  copper,  are  attacked  and  black- 
ened by  it ;  and  the  smell  frora  it  is  so  sickening 
as  to  be  almost  unbearable." 

On  the  question  of  how  best  to  deal  with  sewers 
such  as  the  Friar-street,  Messrs.  John  Roe  and 
John  Phillips  (surveyors)  and  Mr.  Henry  Austin 
(consulting  engineer)  have  agreed  in  the  following 
opinion : — 

"  The  most  simple  and  convenient  method  would 
be  by  placing  large  strong  fires  in  shafts  directly 
over  the  crown  of  the  sewers.  The  expense  of 
each  furnace,  with  the  inclosure  around  it,  will  be 
about  20^.  The  fires  would  be  fed  almost  con- 
stantly, by  which  little  smoke  would  be  generated. 
The  heat  to  be  produced  from  these  fires  would 
rarefy  the  air  so  much  as  to  create  rapidly  ascend- 
ing currents  in  the  shafts,  and  strong  draughts 
through  the  sewers,  the  foul  air  in  which  would 
then  be  drawn  to  the  fires  and  there  consumed  ; 
and  as  it  was  being  destroyed  fresh  air  would  be 
drawn  in  at  all  the  existing  inlets  of  house  and 
Btreet  drains,  pushing  forward  and  supplying  the 
place  of  the  foul  air." 

Concerning  the  explosions  of,  or  deaths  in,  the 
sewers  from  the  impure  gases,  there  is,  I  believe, 
no  statistical  account.  The  most  remarkable 
catastrophe  of  this  kind  was  the  death  of  five 
persons  in  a  sewer  inPimlico,  in  October,  1849; 
of  these,  three  were  regular  sewer-men,  and  the 
others  were  a  policeman  and  Mr.  Wells,  a  surgeon, 
who  went  into  the  sewer  in  the  hopes  of  giving 
assistance.  Mr.  Phillips,  the  then  chief  surveyor 
of  the  Commission  of  Sewers,  stated  that  the  cause 
of   these   deaths  in  the  sewers  was  entirely  an 


exceptional  case,  and  the  gas  which  had  caused 
the  accident  inquired  into  was  not  a  sewer  gas. 
"  There  is  often,"  he  said,  "  a  great  escape  of  gas 
from  the  mains,  which  found  its  way  into  the  sew- 
ers. The  gas,  however,  which  has  done  the  mischief 
in  the  present  instance  would  not  explode." 

Dr.  lire's  opinion  was,  that  the  deceased  men 
died  from  asphixia,  caused  by  inhaling  sulphuretted 
hydrogen  and  carbonic  acid  gas  in  mixture  with 
prussic  vapour,  and  that  these  noxious  emanations 
were  derived  from  the  refuse  lime  of  gas-works 
thrown  in  with  other  rubbish  to  make  up  the  road 
above  the  sewer.  Other  scientific  gentlemen  attri- 
buted the  five  deaths  to  the  action  of  sulphuretted 
hydrogen  gas,  or,  according  to  Dr.  Lyon  Playfair, 
to  be  chemically  correct,  hydro-sulphate  of  ammo- 
nia. The  coroner  (Mr.  Bedford),  in  summing  up, 
said  that  Mr.  Phillips  wished  it  to  be  supposed 
that  gas  lime  was  the  cause  of  the  foul  gas ;  and 
Dr.  Ure  said  that  gas  lime  had  to  do  with  the 
calamity.  But  Dr.  Miller,  Mr.  Richard  Phillips, 
Mr.  Campbell,  and  Dr.  Playfair,  more  especially 
the  latter,  were  perfectly  sure  that  lime  had  no- 
thing to  do  with  it.  The  verdict  was  the  following : 
— "  We  find  that  Daniel  Pert,  Thomas  Gee,  and 
John  Attwood  died  from  the  inhalation  of  noxious 
gas  generated  in  a  neglected  and  unventilated 
sewer  in  Kenil worth-street.  And  we  find  that 
Henry  Wells  and  John  Walsh  met  their  deaths 
from  the  same  cause,  in  their  laudable  endeavours 
to  save  the  lives  of  the  first  three  sufferers.  The  jury 
unanimously  consider  the  commissioners  and  officers 
of  the  Metropolitan  Sewers  are  much  to  blame  for 
having  neglected  to  avail  themselves  of  the  unusual 
advantages  offered,  from  the  local  situation  of  the 
Grosvenor-canal,  for  the  purpose  of  flushing  the 
sewers  in  this  district." 

Of  "Flushing"  and  "Plonoing,"  and  other 
Modes  of  Washing  the  Sewers. 

The  next  step  in  our  inquiry — and  that  which 
at  present  concerns  us  more  than  any  other — is 
the  mode  of  removing  the  solid  deposits  from  the 
sewers,  as  well  as  the  condition  of  the  workmen 
connected  with  that  particular  branch  of  labour. 
The  sewers  are  the  means  by  which  a  larger  pro- 
portion of  the  wet  refuse  of  the  metropolis  is  re- 
moved from  our  houses,  and  we  have  now  to  con- 
sider the  means  by  which  the  more  solid  part  of 
this  refuse  is  removed  from  the  sewers  themselves. 
The  latter  operation  is  quite  as  essential  to  health 
and  cleanliness  as  the  former ;  for  to  allow  the 
filth  to  collect  in  the  channels  which  are  intended 
to  remove  it,  and  there  to  remain  decomposing 
and  vitiating  the  atmosphere  of  the  metropolis, 
is  manifestly  as  bad  as  not  to  remove  it  at  all ; 
and  since  the  more  solid  portions  of  the  sewage 
will  collect  and  form  hard  deposits  at  the  bottom 
of  each  duct,  it  becomes  necessary  that  some 
means  should  be  devised  for  the  periodical  pur- 
gation of  the  sewers  themselves. 

There  have  been  two  modes  of  effecting  this 
object.  The  one  has  been  the  carting  away  of 
the  more  solid  refuse,  and  the  other  the  xcashing 
of  it  away,  or,  as  it  is  termed, /jwAiny  in  the  case 


ifl 

CO 

6 

t— I 
m 
m 
O 

^1 
O 

W. 
H 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


425 


of  the  covered  sewers,  and  plonging  in  the  case  of 
the  open  ones.  Under  both  systems,  whether  the 
Kfnse  be  carted  or  flushed  awaj-,  the  hard  deposit 
has  to  be  first  loosened  by  manual  labourers — the 
diflference  consisting  principally  in  the  means  of 
after-removal. 

The  first  of  these  systems — viz.,  the  cartage 
method — was  that  which  prevailed  in  the  metro- 
polis till  the  year  1847.  I  shall  therefore  give 
a  brief  description  of  this  mode  of  cleansing  the 
sewers  before  proceeding  to  treat  of  the  now 
more  general  mode  of  "  flushing." 

Under  the  old  system,  the  clearing  away  of  the 
deposit  was  a  "  nightman's  "  work,  differing  little, 
except  in  being  more  toilsome,  offensive  to  the 
public,  and  difficult.  A  hole  was  made  from  the 
street  down  into  the  sewer  where  the  deposit  was 
thickest,  and  the  deposit  was  raised  by  means  of  a 
tub,  filled  below,  drawn  up  to  the  street,  and 
emptied  into  a  cart,  or  spread  in  mounds  in  the 
road  to  be  shovelled  into  some  vehicle.  A  night- 
man told  me  that  this  mode  of  work  was  some- 
times a  great  injury  to  his  trade,  because  "  when 
it  was  begun  on  a  night  many  of  the  householders 
sleeping  in  the  neighbourhood  used  to  say  to 
themselves,  or  to  their  missusses,  as  they  turned 
in  their  beds,  'It's  them  ere  cussed  cesspools 
again  1  I  wish  they  was  dime  aw:iy  with.'  An' 
all  the  time,  sir,  the  cesspools  was  as  hinnocent 
and  as  sweet  as  a  hangel." 

This  clumsy  and  filthy  process  is  now  but 
occasionally  resorted  to.  A  man  who  had  su- 
perintended a  labour  of  this  kind  in  a  narrow, 
but  busy  thoroughfare  in  Southwark,  told  me  that 
these  sewer  labourers  were  the  worst  abused  men 
in  London.     No  one  had  a  good  word  for  them. 

But  there  have  been  other  modes  of  removing 
the  indurated  sewage,  besides  that  of  cartage ; 
and  which,  though  not  exactly  flushing,  certainly 
consisted  in  allowing  the  deposit  to  be  washed 
away.  Some  of  these  contrivances  were  curious 
enough. 

I  learn  from  a  Report  printed  in  1849,  that  the 
King's  Scholars'  Fond  Sewer,  in  the  city  of 
Westminster,  running  near  the  Abbey,  contained 
a  continuous  bed  of  deposit,  of  soil,  sand,  and 
filth,  from  10  to  30  inches  in  depth,  and  this  for 
a  mile  and  a  half  next  the  river— the  first  mile 
yielding  more  than  6000  loads  of  matter.  This 
•ewer  was  to  be  cleansed. 

"  We  first  used  a  machine,"  says  Mr.  J.  Ly- 
sander  Uale,  "  in  the  form  of  a  plough  and 
harrow  combined  ;  a  horse  dragged  it  through  the 
deposit  in  the  Mwer ;  one  man  attended  the 
horse,  and  another  guided  the  plough.  The  work 
done  by  this  machine,  in  cutting  a  channel  through 
the  soil  and  causing  the  water  to  move  through  it 
quickly,  was  effectual  to  remove  the  deposit ;  but 
as  the  sewer  is  a  tidal  sewer,  and  its  sole  entrance 
for  a  horse  being  its  outlet,  the  machine  could  only 
be  used  for  a  small  part  of  any  day.  Sometimes 
with  •  strong  breese  up  the  river,  the  tide  would 
not  nctd^  suflSdcotly  to  permit  the  horse  to  get 
in  at  all  (and  it  did  not  appear  advisable  to  incur 
tbi  axpeMa  of  50^.  to  build  a  sideway  entrance 
Uft  Um  aauMl),  so  that  uiider  these  circomstances 


we  were  obliged  to  discontinue  the  use  of  the 
horse  and  plough ;  which,  under  other  circum- 
stances, would  have  been  very  effective."  From  this 
time,  I  understand,  the  sewers  of  London  have  re- 
mained unploughed  by  means  of  horse  labour. 

But  the  plough  was  not  altogether  abandoned, 
and  as  horse-power  was  not  found  very  easily  ap- 
plicable, water-power  was  resorted  to.  The 
plough  and  harrow  were  attached  to  a  barge, 
which  was  introduced  into  the  sewer.  The 
sluice  gates  were  kept  shut  until  the  ebb  of  the 
tide  made  the  difference  of  level  between  the 
contents  of  the  sewer  and  the  surface  of  the 
Thames  equal  to  some  eight  feet.  "  The  gates 
were  then  suddenly  opened,  and  the  rapid  and 
deep  current  of  water  following,  was  then  sufficient 
to  bring  the  barge  and  plough  down  the  sewer 
with  a  force  equal  to  five  or  six  horse-power." 

This  last-mentioned  method  was  also  soon 
abandoned.  We  now  come  to  the  more  approved 
plan  of  "flushing." 

"  The  term  'flushing  sewers'  implies,"  says  Mr. 
Haywood,  in  his  Report,  "cleansing  by  the  ap- 
plication of  bodies  of  water  in  the  sewers  ;  this  is 
periodically  effected,  varying  in  intervals  accord- 
ing to  the  necessities  of  the  sewerage  or  other  cir- 
cumstances." 

The  flushing  system  has  a  two-fold  object,  viz., 
to  remove  old  deposits  and  prevent  the  accumu- 
lation of  new.  When  the  deposit  is  not  allowed 
to  accumulate  and  harden,  "flushing  consists," 
says  Mr.  Haywood,  "  simply  in  heading  back  and 
letting  oi'f  flush  at  once"  (hence  the  origin  of  the 
term)  "that  which  has  been  delivered  into  the 
sewers  in  a  certiiin  number  of  hours  by  the 
various  houses  draining  into  them,  diluted  with 
large  quantities  of  water  specially  employed  for 
the  purpose." 

Though  the  operation  of  ''flushing"  is  one  of 
modern  introduction,  as  regards  the  metropolis — 
one,  indeed,  which  may  be  said  to  have  originated 
in  the  modern  demand  for  impro'vcd  sanitary  re- 
gulations— it  has  been  practised  in  some  country 
parts  since  the  days  of  Henry  VIIL 

Flushing  was  practised  also  by  those  able  en- 
gineers, the  ancient  Romans.  One  of  the  grand 
architectural  remains  of  that  people,  the  best 
showing  their  system  of  flushing,  is  in  the  Amphi- 
theatre at  Nismes,  in  France.  The  site  of  the 
ruined  amphitheatre  presents  a  hirge  elliptical 
area,  114,251  superficial  feet  comprising  its  ex- 
tent. Around  the  arena  ran  a  large  sewer  3  feet 
6  inches  in  width,  and  4  feet  9  inches  in  height. 
With  this  sewer,  elliptical  in  shape,  348  pipes 
communicated,  carrying  into  it  the  rain-fall  and 
the  refuse  caused  by  the  resort  of  23,000  persons, 
for  the  seats  alone  contained  that  number.  "  The 
system  of  flushing,  practised  here,"  says  Mr. 
Cresy,  "  with  such  advantage,  deserves  to  be 
noticed,  there  being  means  of  driving  through 
this  elliptical  sewer  a  volume  of  water  at  pleasure, 
with  such  force  that  no  solid  matter  could  by  any 
possibility  remain  within  any  of  the  drains  or 
sewers.  An  aqueduct,  2  feet  8  inches  in  width, 
and  6  feet  in  height,  brought  this  water  from  the 
reservoirs  of  Nismes,  not  only  to  fill  bnt  to  purge 


426 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  whole  of  these  sewers;  after  traversing  the 
arena,  it  deviated  a  little  to  the  south-west,  where 
it  was  carried  out  at  the  sixth  arciide,  east  of  the 
southern  entrance.  Man-holes  and  steps  to  de- 
scend into  this  capacious  vaulted  aqueduct  were 
introduced  in  several  places ;  and  there  can  be  no 
doubt  that  by  directing  for  some  hours  such  a 
stream  of  water  through  it,  the  greatest  cleanliness 
was  preserved  throughout  all  the  sewers  of  the 
building." 

The  flushing  of  sewers  appears  to  have  been 
introduced  into  the  metropolis  by  Mr.  John  Roe 
in  the  year  1847,  but  did  not  come  into  general 
use  till  some  years  later.  There  used  to  be  a 
partial  flushing  of  the  London  sewers  twelve  years 
ago.  The  mode  of  flushing  as  at  present  practised 
is  as  follows  : — 

In  the  first  instance  the  inspector  examines 
and  reports  the  condition  of  the  sewer,  and  re- 
ceives and  issues  his  orders  accordingly.  When 
the  sewer  is  ordered  to  be  flushed — and  there  is 
no  periodical  or  regular  observance  of  time  in  the 
operation — the  men  enter  the  sewers  and  rake  up 
the  deposit,  loosening  it  everywhere,  so  as  to  render 
the  whole  easy  to  be  swept  along  by  the  power  of 
the  volume  of  water.  The  sewers  generally  are,  in 
their  widest  part,  provided  with  grooves,  or,  as  the 
men  style  them,  "  framings."  Into  these  framings 
are  fitted,  or  permanently  attached,  what  I 
heard  described  as  "  penstocks,"  but  which  are 
spoken  of  in  some  of  the  reports  as  "traps," 
"  gates,"  or  "  sluice  gates."  They  are  made  both 
of  wood  and  iron.  By  a  series  of  bolts  and  adjust- 
ments, the  penstocks  can  be  fixed  ready  for  use 
when  the  tide  is  highest  iu  the  sewer,  and  the 
volume  of  water  the  greatest.  They  then,  of  course, 
are  in  the  nature  of  dams,  the  water  having  accu- 
mulated in  consequence  of  the  stoppage.  The  de- 
posit having  been  loosened,  the  bolts  are  with- 
drawn, when  the  gates  suddenly  fly  back,  and  the 
accumulated  water  and  stirred-up  sewage  sweeps 
along  impetuously,  while  the  men  retreat  into 
some  side  recesses  adapted  for  the  purpose.  The 
same  is  done  with  each  penstock  until  the  matter 
is  swept  through  the  outlet.  The  men  always 
follow  the  course  of  this  sewage-current  when  the 
sewer  is  of  sufficient  capacity  to  enable  them  to  do 
80,  throwing  or  pushing  forward  any  more  solid 
matter  with  their  shovels, 

"To  flush  we  generally  go  and  draw  a  slide 
up  and  let  a  flush  of  water  down,"  said  one  man 
to  me,  "  and  then  we  have  iron  rakers  to  loosen 
the  stuff.  We  have  got  another  way  that  we  do 
it  as  well ;  one  man  stands  here,  when  the  flush 
of  water  's  coming  down,  with  a  large  board  ;  then 
he  lets  the  water  rise  to  the  top  of  this  board,  and 
then  there 's  two  or  three  of  us  on  ahead,  with 
shovels,  loosening  the  stuff — then  he  ups  with 
this  board  and  lets  a  good  heavy  flush  of  water 
come  down.  Precious  hard  work  it  is,  I  can 
assure  you.  I've  had  many  a  wet  shirt.  We 
stand  up  to  our  fork  in  the  water,  right  to  the  top 
of  our  jack-boots,  and  sometimes  over  them." 
"  Ah,  I  should  think  you  often  get  over  the  top 
of  yours,  for  you  come  home  with  your  stockings 
wet  enough,  goodness  knows,"  exclaimed  his  wife, 


who  was  present  *'  When  there  '■  a  good  flush 
of  water  coming  down,"  he  resumed,  "we're 
obligated  to  put  our  heads  fast  up  against  the 
crown  of  the  sewer,  and  bear  upon  our  shovels,  so 
that  we  may  not  be  carried  away,  and  taken  bang 
into  the  Thames.  You  see  there's  nothing  for 
us  to  lay  hold  on.  Why,  there  was  one  chap 
went  and  lifted  a  slide  right  up,  when  he  ought 
to  have  had  it  up  only  9  or  10  inches  at  the 
furthest,  and  he  nearly  swamped  three  of  us.  If 
we  should  be  taken  off  our  legs  there 's  a  heavy 
fall — about  3  feet — just  before  you  comes  to  the 
mouth  of  the  sewer,  and  if  we  was  to  get  there, 
the  water  is  so  rapid  nothing  could  save  us. 
When  we  goes  to  work  we  nails  our  lanterns  up 
to  the  crown  of  the  sewer.  When  the  slide  is 
lifted  up  the  rush  is  very  great,  and  takes  all 
before  it.  It  roars  away  like  a  wild  beast. 
We  're  always  obliged  to  work  according  to  tide, 
both  above  and  below  ground.  When  we  have 
got  no  water  in  the  sewer  we  shovels  the  dirt  up 
into  a  bank  on  both  sides,  so  that  when  the  flush 
of  water  comes  down  the  loosened  dirt  is  all 
carried  away  by  it.  After  flushing,  the  bottom 
of  the  sewer  is  as  clean  as  this  floor,  but  in  a 
couple  of  months  the  soil  is  a  foot  to  15  inches 
deep,  and  middling  hard." 

"  Flushing-gates,"  an  engineer  has  reported, 
"  are  chiefly  of  use  in  sewei's  badly  constructed 
and  without  falls,  but  containing  plenty  of  water ; 
and  they  are  of  very  little  use  where  the  gate  has 
to  be  shut  24  hours  and  longer,  before  a  head  of 
water  has  accumulated;  but  where  intermittent 
flushing  is  practised,  strong  smells  are  often  caused 
solely  by  the  stagnation  of  the  water  or  sewage 
while  accumulating  behind  the  gate." 

The  most  general  mode  of  flushing  at  present 
adopted  is  not  to  keep  in  the  water,  &c.,  which 
has  flowed  into  the  sewer  from  the  streets  and 
houses,  as  well  as  the  tide  of  the  river,  but  to 
convey  the  flushing  water  from  the  plugs  of  the 
water  companies  into  the  kennels,  and  so  into  the 
sewers.  I  find  in  one  of  the  Reports  acknow- 
ledgments of  the  liberal  supplies  granted  for  flush- 
ing by  the  several  companies.  The  water  of  the 
Surrey  Canal  has  been  placed,  for  the  same  object, 
at  the  disposal  of  the  Sewer  Commissioners. 

It  is  impossible  to  "flush"  at  all  where  a  sewer 
has  a  "  dead-end ; "  that  is,  where  there  is  a 
"  block,"  as  in  the  case  of  the  Kenilworth-street 
sewer,  Pimlico,  in  which  five  persons  lost  their 
lives  iu  1848. 

There  is  no  difference  in  the  system  of  flushing 
in  the  Metropolitan  and  City  jurisdictions,  except 
that  for  the  greater  facilities  of  the  process,  the 
City  provides  water-tanks  in  Newgate-market, 
where  the  heads  of  three  sewers  meet,  and  where 
the  accumulation  of  animal  garbage,  and  the 
fierceness  and  numbers  of  the  rats  attracted 
thereby,  were  at  one  time  frightful ;  at  Leaden- 
hall-market,  and  elsewhere,  such  tanks  were  also 
provided  to  the  number  of  ten,  the  largest  being 
the  Newgate-market  tank,  which  is  a  brick  cistern 
of  8000  gallons  capacity.  Of  these  tanks,  hoV- 
ever,  only  four  are  now  kept  filled,  for  this  col- 
lection of  water  is  found  unnecessary,  the  regular 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


427 


system  of  flushing  answering  the  purpose  without 
them ;  and  I  understand  that  in  a  little  time  there 
will  be  no  tanks  at  all.  The  tank  is  filled,  when 
required,  by  a  water  company,  and  the  penstocks 
being  opened,  the  water  rushes  into  the  sewers 
with  great  force.  There  is  also  another  point 
peculiar  to  the  City— in  it  all  the  sewers  are 
flushed  regularly  twice  a  week ;  in  the  metro- 
politan sewers,  only  when  the  inspector  pro- 
nounces flushing  to  be  required.  The  City  plan 
appears  the  best  to  prevent  the  accumulation  of 
deposit. 

There  still  remains  to  be  described  the  system 
of  " 2>longinff,"  or  mode  of  cleansing  the  open 
sewers,  as  contradistinguished  from  '^jiushing,"  or 
the  cleansing  of  the  covered  sewers. 

"  When  we  go  plonging,"  one  man  said,  "  we 
has  long  poles  with  a  piece  of  wood  at  the  end  of 
them,  and  we  stirs  up  the  mud  at  the  bottom  of 
the  ditches  while  the  tide  's  a  going  down.  We 
has  got  slides  at  the  end  of  the  ditches,  and  we 
pulls  these  up  and  lets  out  the  water,  mud,  and 
all,  into  the  Tliames."  •'  Yes,  for  the  people  to 
drink,"  said  a  companion  drily.  "  We  're  in  the 
water  a  great  deal,"  continued  the  man.  "We 
can't  walk  along  the  sides  of  all  of  'em." 

The  diflerence  of  cost  between  the  old  method 
of  removal  and  the  new,  that  is  to  say,  between 
carting  and  flushing,  is  very  extraordinary. 

This  cartage  work  was  done  chiefly  by  contract 
and  according  to  a  Report  of  the  surveyors  to  the 
Commissioners  (Aug.  31,  1848),  the  usual  cost 
for  such  work  (almost  always  done  during  the 
night)  wa«  7«.  the  cubic  yard ;  that  is,  7s.  for  the 
removal  of  a  cubic  yard  of  sewage  by  manual 
labour  and  horse  and  cart.  In  February,  1849 
(the  date  of  another  Report  on  the  subject),  the 
cost  of  removing  a  cubic  yard  by  the  operation  of 
flushing,  was  but  Be/.  This  gives  the  following 
result,  but  in  what  particular  time,  instance,  or 
locality,  is  not  mentioned  : — 

79,483  cubic  yards  of  deposit  removed 
by  the  contract  flushing  system,  at  8c/. 
per  cubic  yard £2,649 

Same  quantity  by  the  old  system  of 
outing  and  cartage,  Tt.  per  cubic  yard    .    27,819 


Difference 


£25,170 


"  It  appears,  therefore,"  says  Mr.  Lovick, 
*'  that  by  the  adoption  of  the  contract  flushing 
system,  a  saving  has  been  effected  within  the 
conpantiTely  inert  period  of  its  operation 
over  the  fllthy  and  clumsy  system  formerly 
practised,  of  25,170/.,  showing  the  cost  of  this 
fystem  to  be  ten  and  a  half  times  greater  than  the 
cost  of  flushing  by  contract."* 

An  oflicial  Report  states  :  "  When  the  accumu- 
lations  of  years  bad  to  be  removed  from  the 
sewers,  the  rate  of  cost  per  lineal  mile  has  varied 
from  about  40/.  to  58/.,  or  from  6c/.  to  8</.  per 
lineal  yard.  The  works  in  these  cases  (ex- 
cepting those  in  the  City)  have  not  exceeded  nine 
lineal  miles." 

"  On  an  avenwe  of  weeks,"  says  Hr.  Lovick, 
in  bis  Report  on  lashing  operations,  a  few  months 


after  the  introduction  of  the  contract  system,  m 
Sept.,  1848,  "  under  present  arrangements,  about 
62  miles  of  sewers  are  passed  through  each  week, 
and  deposit  prevented  from  accumulating  in  them 
by  periodic  (weekly)  flushing.  The  average  cost 
per  lineal  mile  per  week  is  about  21.  \0s. 

"  The  nature  of  the  agreements  with  the  con- 
tractors or  gangers  are  now  for  the  prevention  of 
accumulations  of  deposit  in  a  district.  For  this 
purpose  the  large  districts  are  subdivided,  each 
subdivision  being  let  to  one  man.  In  the  West- 
minster district  there  are  four,  in  the  Holborn  and 
Finsbury  two,  in  the  Surrey  and  Kent,  seven  sub- 
divisions. 

"  The  Tower  Hamlets  and  Poplar  districts  are 
each  let  to  one  man. 

"  In  the  Tower  Hamlets  it  will  be  perceived 
that  a  reduction  of  8/.  has  been  effected  for  the 
performance  of  precisely  the  same  work  as  that 
heretofore  performed;  the  rates  of  charge  stand- 
ing thus : — 

"  Under  the  day-work  system  23/.  per  week. 
„  contract         „       15/.         „ 

"  In  those  portions  specially  contracted  for,  the 
work  has  been  let  by  the  lineal  measure  of  the 
sewer,  in  preference  to  the  amount  of  deposit  re- 
moved. 

"  In  the  Surrey  and  Kent  districts  the  open 
ditches  have  been  cleansed  thrice  as  often  as 
formerly. 

"  A  large  proportion  of  the  deposit  removed  is 
from  the  open  ditches  ;  in  these  the  accumulations 
are  rapid  and  continuous,  caused  chiefly  by  their 
being  the  receptacles  for  the  ashes  and  refuse  of 
the  houses,  the  refuse  of  manufactories,  and  the 
sweepings  of  the  roads. 

"  In  the  covered  sewers  one  of  the  chief  sources 
of  accumulation  is  the  detritus  and  mud  from  the 
streets,  swept  into  the  sewers. 

"  The  accumulations  from  these  sources  will  not, 
I  think,  be  over-estimated  at  two-thirds  of  the 
whole  amount  of  deposit  removed. ' 

"The  contracts  in  operation,  February,  1849, 
with  the  districts  which  they  embrace,  are  as 
follows  : — 

"  Table  No.  I. 


Districts. 


mi 

ml 


Westminster   

Iloltiom  Sc  Finsburyi 
Tower  Hamleta  .... 
Surrey  and  Kent  ..{ 
Poplar   1 


Lineal  Feet. 
485.795 
.355,085 
223,738 
440,(>42 
26,W)0 


I  1.531.260 


Lineal  Feet 
150,615 
11«,000 
30,000 
40,000 
2,(KX) 


340,615 


Contract 
Charge 

per 
Week. 


£    ».  d. 

40    0  0 

23    0  0 

15    0  0 

75    0  0 

6  16  0 


16    0 


Westmintte'r— Attendance  on  Flaps.  &c 


4    0    0 


£163 


"  The  weekly  cost  prior  to  the  contract  system 
was  in  the  several  districts  as  follows : — 


428 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Table  No.  II. 


In  the  AVesf.Tiinstcr  District    . . . 
,,      Holborn  and  Finsbury  do. 

„      Tower  Hamlets  do 

„      Surrey  and  Kent  do 

„      Poplar  do 


£  ».  d. 

78  10    0 

24  17    0 

23  <)    0 

50  8    0 

6  13    0 


8    0 


Hence  there  would  appear  to  have  been  a 
saving  of  25L  125.  effected.  But  by  what  means 
was  this  brought  about?  It  is  the  old  story,  I 
regret  to  say  — a  reduction  of  the  wages  of  the 
labouring  men.  But  this,  indeed,  is  the  invariable 
effect  of  the  contract  system.  The  wages  of  the 
flushermen  previous  to  Sept.,  1848,  were  245.  to 
27s.  a  week ;  under  the  present  system  they  are 
2I5.  to  225.  Here  is  a  reduction  of  45.  per  week 
per  man,  at  the  least ;  and  as  there  were  about 
150  hands  employed  at  this  period,  it  follows  that 
the  gross  weekly  saving  must  have  been  equal  to 
30^.,  so  that,  according  to  the  above  account,  there 
would  have  been  about  U.  left  for  the  contractors 
or  middlemen.  It  is  unworthy  of  gentlemen  to 
make  a  parade  of  economy  obtained  by  such  igno- 
ble means. 

The  engineers,  however,  speak  of  flushing  as 
what  is  popularly  understood  as  but  "  a  make- 
Bhift " — as  a  system  imperfect  in  itself,  but  ad- 
vantageously resorted  to  because  obviating  the 
evils  of  a  worse  system  still. 

*'  With  respect  to  these  operations,"  says  Mr. 
Lovick,  in  a  Report  on  tlie  subject,  in  February, 
1849,  "  I  may  be  permitted  to  state  that,  although 
I  do  not  approve  of  the  flushing  as  an  iiltimate 
system,  or  as  a  system  to  be  adopted  in  the 
future  permanent  works  of  sewerage,  or  that  its 
use  should  be  contemplated  with  regulated  sizes 
of  sewers,  regulated  supplies  of  water,  and  proper 
falls,  it  appears  to  be  the  most  efficacious  and 
economical  for  the  purpose  to  which  it  is  adapted 
of  any  yet  introduced." 

A  gentleman  who  was  at  one  time  connected 
professionally  with  the  management  of  the  public 
sewerage,  said  to  me, — 

"  Mr,  John  Roe  commenced  the  general  system 
of  flushing  sewers  in  London  in  1847.  It  is, 
however,  but  a  clumsy  expedient,  and  quite  in- 
compatible with  a  perfect  system  of  sewerage. 
It  has,  nevertheless,  been  usefully  applied  as  an 
auxiliary  to  the  existing  system,  though  the  cost 
is  frightful." 

Op  the  Workikq  Fiushermen. 

When  the  system  of  sewer  cleansing  first  became 
general,  as  I  have  detailed,  the  number  of  flush- 
ermen employed,  I  am  assured,  on  good  autho- 
rity, was  about  500.  The  sewers  were,  when 
this  process  was  first  resorted  to,  full  of  deposit, 
often  what  might  be  called  "  coagulated  "  deposit, 
which  could  not  be  affected  except  by  constantly 
repeated  efforts.  There  are  now  only  s^io\xi  100 
flushermen,  for  the  more  regularly  flushing  is 
repeated,  the  easier  becomes  the  operation. 

Until  about  18  months  ago,  the  flushermen 
were  employed  directly  by  the  Court  of  Sewers, 


and  were  paid  ("in  Mr.  Roe's  time,"  one  man 
said,  with  a  sigh)  from  245.  to  275.  a  week  ;  now 
the  work  is  all  done  ly  contract.  There  are  some 
six  or  seven  contractors,  all  builders,  who  under- 
dertake  or  are  responsible  for  the  whole  work  of 
flushing  in  the  metropolitJin  districts  (I  do  not 
speak  of  the  City),  and  they  pay  the  working 
flushermen  2I5.  a  week,  and  the  gangers  225. 
This  wage  is  always  paid  in  money,  without  draw- 
backs, and  without  the  intervention  of  iiny  other 
middleman  than  the  contractor  middleman.  The 
flushermen  have  no  perquisites  except  what  they 
may  chance  to  find  in  a  sewer.  Their  time  of 
labour  is  6^  hours  daily. 

The  state  of  the  tide,  however,  sometimes,  as  a 
matter  of  course,  compels  the  flushermen  to  work 
at  every  hour  of  the  day  and  night.  At  all 
times  they  carry  lights,  common  oil  lamps,  with 
cotton  wicks;  only  the  inspectors  carry  Davy's 
safety-lamp.  I  met  no  man  who  could  assign 
any  reason  for  this  distinction,  except  that  "  the 
Davy  "  gave  "  such  a  bad  light." 

The  flushermen  wear,  when  at  work,  strong 
blue  overcoats,  waterproofed  (but  not  so  much  as 
used  to  be  the  case,  the  men  then  complaining  of 
the  perspiration  induced  by  them),  buttoned  close 
over  the  chest,  and  descending  almost  to  the 
knees,  where  it  is  met  by  huge  leather  boots, 
covering  a  part  of  the  thigh,  such  as  are  worn  by 
the  fishermen  on  many  of  our  coasts.  Their  hats 
are  fan-tailed,  like  the  dustmen's.  The  fluslier- 
men  are  well-conducted  men  generally,  and,  for 
the  most  part,  fine  stalwart  good-looking  specimens 
of  the  English  labourer ;  were  they  not  known  or 
believed  to  be  temperate,  they  would  not  be  em- 
ploj'ed.  They  have,  as  a  body,  no  benefit  or  sick 
clubs,  but  a  third  of  them,  I  was  told,  or  perhaps 
nearly  a  third,  were  members  of  general  benefit 
societies.  I  found  several  intelligent  men  among 
them.  They  are  engaged  by  the  contractors,  upon 
whom  they  call  to  solicit  work. 

"  Since  Mr.  Roe's  time,"  and  Mr.  Roe  is  evi- 
dently the  popular  man  among  the  flushennen, 
or  somewhat  less  than  four  years  ago,  the  flusher- 
men have  had  to  provide  their  own  dresses,  and 
even  their  own  shovels  to  stir  up  the  deposit.  To 
contractors,  the  comforts  or  health  of  the  labour- 
ing men  must  necessarily  be  a  secondary  conside- 
ration to  the  realization  of  a  profit.  Isew  men 
can  always  be  found  ;  safe  investments  cannot. 

The  wages  of  the  flushermen  therefore  have  been 
not  only  decreased,  but  their  expenses  increased. 
A  pair  of  flushing-boots,  covering  a  part  of  the 
thigh,  similar  to  those  worn  by  sea-side  fishermen, 
costs  3O5.  as  a  low  price,  and  a  flusherman  wears 
out  three  pairs  in  two  years.  Boot  stockings  cost 
2s.Qd.  The  jacket  worn  by  the  men  at  their  work 
in  the  sewers,  in  the  shape  of  a  pilot- jacket,  but 
fitting  less  loosely,  is  75.  6(i.;  a  blue  smock,  of 
coarse  common  cloth  (generally),  worn  over  the 
dress,  costs  2s.  6cZ. ;  a  shovel  is  25.  Qd.  "  Ay,  sir," 
said  one  man,  who  was  greatly  dissatisfied  with 
this  change,  "  they  '11  make  soldiers  find  their 
own  regimentals  next;  and,  may  be,  their  own 
guns,  a'cause  they  can  always  get  rucks  of  men 
for  soldiers  or  labourers.     I  know  there  's  plenty 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


429 


would  work  for  less  than  we  get,  but  what  of  that  1 
There  always  is.  There  's  hundreds  would  do 
the  work  for  half  what  the  surveyors  and  in- 
q>ector8  gets  ;  but  it 's  all  right  among  the  nobs." 
Nor  is  the  labour  of  the  flushemien  at  all  times 
■0  easy  or  of  such  circumscribed  hours  as  I  have 
stated  it  to  be  in  the  regular  way  of  flushing. 
When  small  branch-sewers  have  to  be  flushed,  the 
deposit  must  first  be  loosened,  or  the  water,  instead 
of  sweeping  it  away,  would  flow  over  it,  and  in 
many  of  these  sewers  (most  frequent  in  the  Tower 
Hamlets)  the  height  is  not  more  than  3  feet. 
Some  of  the  flushermen  are  tall,  bulky,  strong 
fellows,  and  cannot  stand  upright  in  less  than 
from  5  feet  8  inches  to  6  feet,  and  in  loosening 
the  deposit  in  low  narrow  sewers,  "  we  go  to 
work,"  said  one  of  them,  "on  our  bellies,  like 
frogs,  with  a  rake  between  our  legs.  I  've  been 
blinded  by  steam  in  such  sewers  near  Whitechapel 
Church  firom  the  brewhouses ;  I  couldn't  see  for 


steam ;  it  was  a  regular  London  fog,  Tou  must 
get  out  again  into  a  main  sewer  on  your  belly ; 
that 's  what  makes  it  harder  about  the  togs,  they 
get  worn  so." 

The  division  of  labour  among  the  flushermen 
appears  to  be  as  follows : — 

The  Inspector,  whose  duty  it  is  to  go  round  the 
several  sewers  and  see  which  require  to  be  flushed. 

The  Gatif/ei;  or  head  of  the  working  gang,  who 
receives  his  orders  from  the  inspector,  and  directs 
the  men  accordingly. 

The  Lock-keeper,  or  man  who  goes  round  to  the 
sewers  which  are  about  to  be  flushed,  and  fixes 
the  "penstocks"  for  retaining  the  water. 

The  Gang,  which  consists  of  from  three  to  four 
men,  who  loosen  the  deposit  from  the  bottom  of  the 
sewer.  Among  these  there  is  generally  a  "  for'ard 
man,"  whose  duty  it  is  to  remove  the  penstocks. 

The  ganger  gets  Is,  a  week  over  and  above  the 
wages  of  the  men. 


TABLE  SHOWING  THE  DISTRICTS  UNDER  THE  MANAGEMENT  OF  THE  COM- 
MISSIONERS OF  SEWERS;  ALSO  THE  NUMBER  AND  SALARIES  OF  THE 
CLERKS  OF  THE  WORKS,  ASSISTANT  CLERKS  OF  THE  WORKS,  AND  INSPEC- 
TORS OF  FLUSHING,  PAID  BY  THE  COMMISSIONERS,  AND  THE  NUMBER 
AND  WAGES  PAID  TO  THE  FLUSHERMEN  BY  THE  GENERAL  CONTRACTORS. 


Paid  by  the  Commissioners  of  Sewers, 

Paid  by  Contractors. 

Clerks  of 

.\ssist.Clerks 

Inspectors 

Flap  &  Sluice 

Gangers. 

Flushers. 

Districts. 

No, 

oiks. 
Annual 
Salary 
of  the 
whole. 

of  Works  *. 

of  Flushings. 

Keepers. 

2  . 

1 

< 

V 

Rate  of 
«j„   Annual 
^°-  Salary. 

No. 

Annual 
Salary 
of  the 
whole. 

No. 

Yearly 
whole. 

No. 

Weekly 

Wage  of 

each. 

No. 

Weekly 

Wage  of 

each. 

p 

*: 

£ 

£ 

£ 

f 

t. 

£    s. 

FuUMun   and  Ham- 

flwnmith.— CouD- 

tei's     Crtek    and 

Ranelagh  District* 

3 

450 

4 

400 

1 

120 

.. 

f>70 

2 

22 

13 

21 

824    4 

Wcstmirister     Sew- 

CTf.— Wettcm  Di- 

▼blon.       Eastern 

Division,  Ref^ent- 

•trect        I)i»tnct, 

HoltHim    Division 

4 

eoo 

3 

300 

1 

80 

6 

390 

137( 

3 

22 

30 

21 

1809  12 

Finsbury  Division — 

Tower      Hamlets 

Levels,  and  Poplar 

and         Blackwall 

Districts  

3 

450 

2 

200 

3 

280 

1 

70 

100< 

3 

22 

27 

21 

1645  16 

DtstricU    south    of 

the  Thames 

3 

450 

6 

600 

4 

320 

12 

374 

1744 

2 

22 

22 

21 

1315  12 

Total 

13 

laso 

15 

1500 

9 

srio 

10 

834 

5084 

10 

92 

5505    4 

City 

..   i       .. 

1           80 

3          148 

2281 

1 

22 

9         21    ^ 

518  12 

ToUlco«tof  :  sewers £12,000  per  annum, 

♦  TheM  olB«er>  are  paid  or !  ,  'criod  of  service,  and  are  chiefly  engaged  on  special  works. 

Tbe  corresponding  officer-  ire  under  the  City  Commissioners. 

♦♦♦  Tbertiove  dlvi»ion  of  diitrirt--  i-;  me  one  adopted  by  the  Commissioners  of  Sewers,  but  the  distiicts  of  the 
\  an  more  numerous  than  those  above  given ,  being  as  follows  :— 


Fatham  and  ll.i 

w. 

Hoitx  ni  I)ivUR>n 
FiiMburv  Diviaion 
Tower  HamleU  Levels 
Poplar  and  Blackwall  . 
Ototricts  south  of  the 
City 


ffsniifh 


Ganger, 
.    employing  1 


I  Ist  District  of  Commissioners. 
2nd  District  of  Commissioners. 


3rd  District  of  Commissioners. 
4th  District  of  Commissioners. 


Holbom  and  Finsbury  districts  are  under  one  contractor,  and  so  are  the  two  dividions  of  Westminster,    The  same 
ntMi  who  flush  llolbom  flush  the  Fin<^l  ■  also,  17  being  the  average  number  employed ;  but  the  Finsbury 

diatrict  lequires  rather  man  men  th  :  <m  t    and  the  same  men  who  work  on  the  western  division  of 

Wtstminater  flush  also  the  CMHrn»  tht  ilusbers  in  the  western  district  being  more,  on  account  of  its  being 

the  larser  divbion. 


430 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


The  inspector  receives  80?.  per  annum. 

The  table  on  p.  429  shows  the  number  of  clerks 
of  the  works,  inspectors  of  flushing,  flap  and  sluice 
keepers,  gangers,  and  flushennen  employed  in  the 
several  districts  throughout  the  metropolis,  as  well 
as  the  salaries  and  wages  of  each  and  the  whole. 

None  of  the  flushermen  can  be  said  to  have 
been  "  brought  up  to  the  business,"  for  boys  are 
never  emploj-ed  in  the  sewers.  Neither  had  the 
labourers  been  confined  in  their  youth  to  any 
branch  of  trade  in  particular,  which  would  appear 
to  be  consonant  to  such  employment.  There  are 
now  among  the  flushermen  men  who  have  been 
accustomed  to  "  all  sorts  of  ground  work :"  tailors, 
pot-boys,  painters,  one  jeweller  (some  time  ago 
there  was  also  one  gentleman),  and  shoemakers. 
"  You  see,  sir,"  said  one  informant,  "  many  of  such 
like  mechanics  can't  live  above  ground,  so  they 
tries  to  get  their  bread  underneath  it.  There  used 
to  be  a  great  many  pensioners  flushermen,  which 
weren't  right,"  said  one  man,  "  when  so  many 
honest  working  men  haven't  a  penny,  and  don't 
know  which  w.ay  to  turn  theirselves ;  but  pen- 
sioners have  often  good  friends  and  good  interest. 
I  don't  hear  any  complaints  that  way  now." 

Among  the  flushermen  are  some  ten  or  twelve 
men  who  have  been  engaged  in  sewer-work  of  one 
kind  or  another  between  20  and  30  years.  The 
cholera,  I  heard  from  several  quarters,  did  not 
(in  1848)  attack  any  of  the  flushermen.  The 
answer  to  an  inquiry  on  the  subject  generally  was, 
"  Kot  one  that  I  know  of." 

"  It  is  a  somewhat  sin^gular  circumstance,"  says 
Mr.  Haywood,  the  City  Surveyor,  in  his  Report, 
dated  Februaiy,  1850,  "  that  none  of  the  vien 
employed  in  the  Ciiy  sewers  in  flv^iing  and 
cleansing,  have  been  attacked  with,  or  have  died 
of,  cliolera  dnring  the  j^ast  year;  this  was  also  the 
case  in  1832-3.  I  do  not  state  this  to  prove  that 
the  atmosphere  of  the  sewers  is  not  unhealthy — I 
by  no  means  believe  an  impure  atmosphere  is 
healthy — but  I  state  the  naked  fact,  as  it  appears 
to  me  a  somewhat  singular  circumstance,  and  leave 
it  to  pathologists  to  argue  upon," 

"I  don't  think  flusliingwork  disagrees  with  my 
husband,"  said  a  flusherman's  wife  to  me,  "  for  he 
eats  about  as  much  again  at  that  work  as  lie  did  at 
the  other."  "  The  smell  underground  is  some- 
times very  bad,"  said  the  man,  "  but  then  we 
generally  take  a  drop  of  rum  first,  and  something 
to  eat.  "It  wouldn't  do  to  go  into  it  on  an  empty 
Btomach,  'cause  it  would  get  into  our  inside.  But 
in  some  sewers  there  's  scarcely  any  smell  at  all. 
Most  of  the  men  are  healthy  who  are  engaged  in 
it;  and  wicen  the  cholera  was  about  many  used  to 
ash  lis  hoic  it  was  we  escaped." 

The  following  statement  contains  the  history  of 
an  individual  flusherman : — 

"  I  was  brought  up  to  the  sea,"  he  said,  "  and 
served  on  board  a  man-of-war,  the  Racer,  a  16-gun 
brig,  laying  off  Cuba,  in  the  West  Indies,  and  there- 
away, watching  the  slavers.  I  served  seven  years. 
AVe  were  paid  oflF  in  '43  at  Portsmouth,  and  a 
friend  got  me  into  the  shores.  It  waa  a  great 
change  from  the  open  sea  to  a  close  shore — great; 


and  I  didn't  like  it  at  all  at  first.  But  it  suits  a 
married  man,  as  I  am  now,  with  a  family,  much 
better  than  being  a  seaman,  for  a  man  aboard  a  ship 
can  hardly  do  his  children  justice  in  their  schooling 
and  such  like.  Well,  I  didn't  much  admire 
going  down  the  man-hole  at  first — the  'man-hole' 
is  a  sort  of  iron  trap-door  that  you  unlock  and 
pull  up ;  it  leads  to  a  lot  of  steps,  and  so  you  get 
into  the  shore — but  one  soon  gets  accustomed  to 
anything.  I  've  been  at  flushing  and  shore  work 
now  since '43,  all  but  eleven  weeks,  which  was 
before  I  got  engaged. 

"  We  workin  gangs  from  three  to  five  men."  [Here 
I  had  an  account  of  the  process  of  flushing,  such 
as  I  have  given.]  "  I  've  been  carried  off  my  feet 
sometimes  in  the  flush  of  a  shore.  Why,  to-day," 
(a  very  rainy  and  windy  day,  Feb.  4,)  "  it  came 
down  Baker-street,  when  we  flushed  it,  4  foot 
plomb.  It  would  have  done  for  a  mill-dam.  One 
couldn't  smoke  or  do  anything.  Oh,  yes,  we  can 
have  a  pipe  and  a  chat  now  and  then  in  the  shore. 
The  tobacco  checks  the  smell.  No,  I  can't  say  I 
felt  the  smell  very  bad  when  I  first  was  in  a 
shore.  I  've  felt  it  worse  since.  I  've  been  made 
innocent  drunk  like  in  a  shore  by  a  drain  from  a 
distiller's.  That  happened  me  first  in  Vine-street 
shore,  St.  Giles's,  from  Mr,  Rickett's  distillery. 
It  came  into  the  shore  like  steam.  No,  I  can't 
say  it  tasted  like  gin  when  you  breathed  it — 
only  intoxicating  like.  It  was  the  same  in 
Whitechapel  from  Smith's  distiller}'.  One  night 
I  was  forced  to  leave  off  there,  the  steam  had 
such  an  effect.  I  was  falling  on  my  back,  when 
a  mate  caught  me.  The  breweries  have  some- 
thing of  the  same  effect,  but  notliing  like  so  strong 
as  the  distilleries.  It  comes  into  the  shore  from 
the  brewers'  places  in  steam.  I  've  known  such 
a  steam  followed  by  bushels  of  grains ;  ay,  sir, 
cart-loads  washed  into  the  shore. 

"  Well,  I  never  found  anything  in  a  shore 
worth  picking  up  but  once  a  half-crown.  That 
was  in  the  Buckingham  Palace  sewer.  Another 
time  I  found  16s.  Qd.,  and  thought  that  was  a  haul; 
but  every  bit  of  it,  every  coin,  shillings  and  six- 
pences and  joeys,  was  bad — all  smashers.  Yes, 
of  course  it  was  a  disappointment,  naturally  so. 
That  happened  in  Brick-Line  shore,  Whitechapel. 
0,  somebody  or  other  had  got  frightened,  I  suppose, 
and  had  shied  the  coins  down  into  the  drains.  I 
found  them  just  by  the  chapel  there." 

A  second  man  gave  me  the  following  account  of 
his  experience  in  flushing : — 

"  You  remember,  sir,  that  great  storm  on  the  Ist 
August,  1848.  I  was  in  three  shores  that  fell  in 
— Conduit-street  and  Foubert's-passage,  Regent- 
street.  There  was  then  a  risk  of  being  drowned 
in  the  shores,  but  no  lives  were  lost.  All  the 
house-drains  were  blocked  about  Camaby-market 
— tliat  's  the  Foubert's-passage  shore — and  the 
poor  people  was  what  you  might  call  houseless.  We 
got  in  up  to  the  neck  in  water  in  some  places, 
'cause  we  had  to  stoop,  and  knocked  abont  the 
rubbish  as  well  as  we  could,  to  give  a  way  to  the 
water.  The  police  put  up  barriers  to  prevent  any 
carts  or  carriages  going  that  way  along  the  streets. 
No,  there  was  no  lives  lost  in  the  shores.     One 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


431 


man  was  so  overcome  that  he  was  falling  off  into 
a  sort  of  sleep  in  Milford-lane  shore,  but  was 
pulled  out.  I  helped  to  pull  him.  He  was  as 
heavv  as  lead  wiih  one  thing  or  other — wet,  and 
all  that.  Another  time,  six  or  seven  year  ago, 
Whitechapel  High-street  shore  was  almost  choked 
with  butchers'  offal,  and  we  had  a  great  deal  of 
trouble  with  it" 

Of  the  Rats  in  the  Sewers. 

I  WILL  now  state  what  I  have  learned  from  long- 
experienced  men,  as  to  the  characteristics  of  the 
rats  in  the  sewers.  To  arrive  even  at  a  conjecture 
a«  to  the  numbers  of  these  creatures — now,  as  it 
were,  the  population  of  the  sewers — I  found  impos- 
sible, for  no  statistical  observations  have  been 
made  on  the  subject;  but  all  my  informants 
agreed  that  the  number  of  the  animals  had  been 
greatly  diminished  within  these  four  or  five  years. 

In  the  belter-constructed  sewers  there  are  no 
rats.  In  the  old  sewers  they  abound.  The  sewer 
rat  is  the  ordinary  house  or  brown  rat,  excepting  at 
the  outlets  near  the  river,  and  here  the  water-rat 
is  seen. 

The  sewer-rat  is  the  common  brown  or  Hano- 
verian rat,  said  by  the  Jacobites  to  have  come  in 
with  the  first  George,  and  established  itself  after 
the  fashion  of  his  royal  family  ;  and  undoubtedly 
such  was  about  the  era  of  their  appearance.  One 
man,  who  had  worked  twelve  years  in  the 
sewers  before  flushing  was  general,  told  me  he 
had  never  seen  but  two  black  (or  old  English) 
rats ;  another  man,  of  ten  years'  experience,  had 
•een  but  one ;  others  had  noted  no  difference  in 
the  rats.  I  may  observe  that  in  my  inquiries  as 
to  the  sale  of  rats  (as  a  part  of  the  live  animals 
dealt  in  by  a  class  in  the  metropolis),  I  ascertained 
that  in  the  older  granaries,  where  there  were  series 
of  floors,  there  were  black  as  well  as  brown  rats. 
"Great  black  fellows,"  said  one  man  who  ma- 
naged a  Bermondsey  granary,  "  as  would  frighten 
a  lady  into  asterisks  to  see  of  a  sudden." 

The  rat  is  the  only  animal  found  in  the  sewers. 
I  met  with  no  flusherman  or  other  sewer-worker 
who  had  ever  seen  a  lizard,  toad,  or  frog  there, 
although  the  existence  of  these  creatures,  in  such 
circumstances,  has  been  presumed.  A  few  live 
cats  find  their  way  into  the  subterranean  channels 
when  a  house-drain  is  being  built,  or  is  opened  for 
repairs,  or  for  any  purpose,  and  have  been  seen  by 
the  flushermen,  &c.,  wandering  about,  looking  lost, 
mewing  as  if  in  misery,  and  avoiding  any  contact 
with  the  sewage.  The  rats  also — for  they  are  not 
of  the  water-rat  breed — are  exceedingly  averse  to 
wetting  their  feet,  and  "  take  to  the  sewage,"  as  it 
wat  worded  to  me,  only  in  prospect  of  diinger ; 
that  ia,  they  then  swim  across  or  along  the  current 
to  escape  with  their  lives.  It  is  said  that  when  a 
luckless  cat  has  ventured  into  the  sewers,  she  is 
•ometimes  literally  worried  by  the  rats.  I  could 
not  hear  of  such  an  attack  having  been  witnessed 
by  any  one  ;  but  one  intelligent  and  trustworthy 
man  nid,  that  a  few  years  back  (he  believed  about 
eight  years)  be  had  in  one  week  found  the  skele- 
tons of  two  cat*  in  a  particular  part  of  an  old 


sewer,  21  feet  wide,  and  in  the  drains  opening 
into  it  were  perfect  colonies  of  rats,  raging  with 
hunger,  he  had  no  doubt,  because  a  system  of 
trapping,  newly  resorted  to,  had  prevented  their 
usual  ingress  into  the  houses  up  the  drains,  A 
portion  of  their  fur  adhered  to  the  two  cats,  but 
the  flesh  had  been  eaten  from  their  bones.  About 
that  time  a  troop  of  rats  flew  at  the  feet  of  another 
of  my  informants,  and  would  no  doubt  have 
maimed  him  seriously,  "but  my  boots,"  said  he, 
"  stopped  the  devils."  "  The  sewers  generally 
swarms  with  rats,"  said  another  man,  "  I  runs 
away  from  'em ;  I  don't  like  'em.  They  in  general 
gets  away  from  lis ;  but  in  case  we  comes  to  a 
stunt  end  where  there 's  a  wall  and  no  place  for  'em 
Ro  get  away,  and  we  goes  to  touch  'em,  they  fly  at 
us.  They  're  some  of  'em  as  big  as  good-sized 
kittens.  One  of  our  men  caught  hold  of  one  the 
other  day  by  the  tail,  and  he  found  it  trying  to 
release  itself,  and  the  tail  slipping  through  his 
fingers  ;  so  he  put  up  his  left  hand  to  stop  it,  and 
the  rat  caught  hold  of  his  finger,  and  the  man  's 
got  an  arm  now  as  big  as  his  thigh."  I  heard 
from  several  that  there  had  been  occasionally 
battles  among  the  rats,  one  with  another. 

"Why,  sir,"  said  one  flusherman,  "as  to  the 
number  of  rats,  it  ain't  possible  to  say.  There 
hasn't  been  a  census  (laughing)  taken  of  them. 
But  I  can  tell  you  this — I  was  one  of  the  first 
flushermen  when  flushing  came  in  general — I 
think  it  was  before  Christmas,  1847,  under  Mr. 
Roe — and  there  was  cart-loads  and  cart-loads  of 
drowned  rats  carried  into  the  Thames.  It  was  in 
a  West  Strand  shore  that  I  saw  the  most,  I 
don't  exactly  remember  which,  but  I  think 
Northumberland-street  By  a  block  or  a  hitch  of 
some  sort,  there  was,  I  should  say,  just  a  bushel 
of  drowned  rats  stopped  at  the  corner  of  one  of 
the  gates,  which  I  swept  into  the  next  stream. 
I  see  far  fewer  drowned  rats  now  than  before  the 
shores  was  flushed.  Tiiey  're  not  so  plenty,  that 's 
one  thing.  Perhaps,  too,  they  may  have  got  to 
understand  about  flushing,  they  're  that  'cute,  and 
manage  to  keep  out  of  the  way.  About  Newgate- 
market  was  at  one  time  the  worst  for  rats.  Men 
couldn't  venture  into  the  sewers  then,  on  account 
of  the  varmint.  It 's  bad  enough  still,  I  hear,  but 
I  haven't  worked  in  tjjp  City  for  a  few  years." 

The  rats,  from  the  best  information  at  my  com- 
mand, do  not  derive  much  of  their  sustenance 
from  the  matter  in  the  sewers,  or  only  in  par- 
ticular localities.  These  localities  arc  the  sewers 
neighbouring  a  connected  series  of  slaughter- 
houses, as  in  Newgate-market,  Whitechapel,  Clare- 
market,  parts  adjoining  Smithfield-market,  &c. 
There,  animal  offal  being  (and  having  been  to  a 
much  greater  extent  five  or  six  years  ago)  swept 
into  the  drains  and  sewers,  the  rats  find  their  food. 
In  the  sewers,  generally,  there  is  little  food  for 
them,  and  none  at  all  in  the  best-constructed 
sewers,  where  there  is  a  regular  and  sometimes 
rapid  flow,  and  little  or  no  deposit. 

The  sewers  are  these  animals'  breeding  grounds. 
In  them  tiie  broods  are  usually  safe  from  the 
molestiition  of  men,  dogs,  or  cats.  These  "  breeding 
grounds"  are  sometimes  in  the  holes  (excavated  by 


432 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  industry  of  the  rats  into  caves)  which  have 
been  formed  in  the  old  sewers  by  a  crumbled  brick 
having  fallen  out.  Their  nests,  however,  are  in 
some  parts  even  more  frequent  in  places  where  old 
rotting  large  house-drains  or  smaller  sewers,  empty 
themselves  into  a  first-class  sewer.  Here,  then,  the 
rats  breed,  and,  in  spite  of  precautions,  find  their 
•way  up  the  drains  or  pipes,  even  through  the  open- 
ings into  water-closets,  into  the  houses  for  their 
food,  and  almost  always  at  night.  Of  this  fact, 
builders,  and  those  best  informed,  are  confident, 
and  it  is  proved  indirectly  by  what  I  have  stated 
as  to  the  deficiency  of  food  for  a  voracious  creature 
in  all  the  sewers  except  a  few.  One  man,  long  in 
the  service  of  the  Commissioners  of  Sewers,  an^ 
in  different  capacities,  gave  me  the  following 
account  of  what  may  be  called  a  rat  settlement. 
The  statement  I  found  confirmed  by  other  working 
men,  and  by  superior  officers  under  the  same  em- 
ployment. 

"  Wh}',  sir,  in  the  Milford-Iane  sewer,  a  goodish 
bit  before  you  get  to  the  river,  or  to  the  Strand 
— I  can't  say  how  far,  a  few  hundred  yards  per- 
haps— I  've  seen,  and  reported,  what  was  a  regu- 
lar chamber  of  rats.  If  a  brick  didn't  fall  out 
from  being  rotted,  the  rats  would  get  it  out,  and 
send  it  among  other  rubbish  into  the  sewer,  for 
this  place  was  just  the  corner  of  a  big  drain.  I 
couldn't  get  into  the  rat-hole,  of  course  not,  but 
I've  brought  my  lamp  to  the  opening,  and — as 
well  as  others — have  seen  it  plain.  It  was  an 
open  place  like  a  lot  of  tunnels,  one  over  another. 
Like  a  lot  of  rabbit  burrows  in  the  country — as 
I  've  known  to  be — or  like  the  partitions  in  the 
pigeon-houses  :  one  here  and  another  there.  The 
rat-holes,  as  far  as  I  could  tell,  were  worked  one 
after  another.  I  should  say,  in  moderation,  that 
it  was  the  size  of  a  small  room ;  well,  say  about 
6  yards  \>y  4.  I  can't  say  about  the  height  from 
the  lowest  tunnel  to  the  highest.  I  don't  see 
that  any  one  could.  Bless  you,  sir,  I  've  some- 
times heerd  the  rats  fighting  and  squeaking  there, 
like  a  parcel  of  drunken  Irishmen — I  have  indeed. 
Some  of  them  were  rare  big  fellows.  If  you  threw 
the  light  of  your  lamp  on  them  sudden,  they  'd 
be  off  like  a  shot.  Well,  I  should  say,  there  was 
100  pair  of  rats  there — there  might  be  more, 
besides  all  their  young-unf.  If  a  poor  cat  strayed 
into  that  sewer,  she  dursn't  tackle  the  rats,  not 
she.  There 's  lots  of  such  places,  sir,  here,  and 
there,  and  everywhere." 

"  I  believe  rats,"  says  a  late  enthusiastic  writer 
on   the   subject,  under  the   cognomen  of   Uncle 
I     James,   "to  be  one  of  the  most  fertile  causes  of 
national  and  universal  distress,  and  their  attend- 
ants, misery  and  starvation." 

From  the  autlior's  inquiries  among  practical 
men,  and  from  his  own  study  of  the  natural  his- 
tory of  the  rat,  he  shows  that  these  animals  will 
have  six,  seven,  or  eight  nests  of  young  in  the 
3'ear,  for  three  or  four  years  together ;  that  they 
have  from  twelve  to  twenty-three  at  a  litter,  and 
breed  at  three  months  old ;  and  that  there  are 
more  female  than  male  rats,  by  ten  to  six. 

The  author  seems  somewhat  of  an  enthusiast 
about  rats,  and  as  the  sewerage  is  often  the  head- 


quarters of  these  animals — their  "breeding-ground" 
indeed — I  extract  the  following  curious  matter. 
He  says : — 

"  Now,  I  propose  to  lay  down  my  calculations 
at  something  less  than  one-half.  In  the  first 
place,  I  say  four  litters  in  the  year,  beginning  and 
ending  with  a  litter,  so  making  thirteen  litters  in 
three  years ;  secondly  to  have  eight  young  ones 
at  a  birth,  half  male  and  half  female ;  thirdly, 
the  young  ones  to  have  a  litter  at  six  months 
old. 

"  At  this  calculation,  I  will  take  one  pair  of  rats  ; 
and  at  the  expiration  of  three  years  what  do  you 
suppose  will  be  the  amount  of  living  ratsi  Why 
no  less  a  number  than  646,808. 

"  Mr.  Shaw's  little  dog  *  Tiny,*  under  six 
pounds  weight,  has  destroyed  2525  pairs  of  rats, 
which,  had  they  been  permitted  to  live,  would,  at 
the  same  calculation  and  in  the  same  time,  have 
produced  1,633,190,200  living  rats  ! 

'•■  And  the  rats  destroyed  by  Messrs.  Shaw  and 
Sabin  in  one  year,  amounting  to  17,000  pairs, 
would,  had  they  been  permitted  to  live,  have  pro- 
duced, at  the  above  calculation  and  in  the  same 
time,  no  less  a  number  than  10,995,736,000 
living  rats  ! 

"  Now,  let  us  calculate  the  amount  of  human 
food  that  these  rats  would  destroy.  In  the  first 
place,  my  informants  tell  me  that  six  rats  will 
consume  day  by  day  as  much  food  as  a  man ; 
secondly,  that  the  thing  has  been  tested,  and  that 
the  estimate  given  was,  that  eight  rats  would 
consume  more  than  an  ordinary  man. 

"Now,  I — to  place  the  thing  beyond  the 
smallest  shadow  of  a  doubt — will  set  down  ten 
rats  to  eat  as  much  as  a  man,  not  a  child ;  nor 
will  I  say  anything  about  what  rats  waste. 
And  what  shall  we  find  to  be  the  alarming  re- 
sult 1  Why,  that  the  first  pair  of  rats,  with  their 
three  years'  progeny,  would  consume  in  the  night 
more  food  than  64,680  men  the  year  round,  and 
leaving  eight  rats  to  spare  ! " 

The  author  then  puts  forth  the  following  curious 
statement : — 

"  And  now  for  the  vermin  destroyed  by  Messrs. 
Shaw  and  Sabin— 34,000  yearly!  Taken  at  the 
same  calculation,  with  their  three  years'  progeny- 
can  you  believe  it  ? — they  would  consume  more 
food  than  the  whole  population  of  the  earth  ? 
Yes,  if  Omnipotence  would  raise  up  29,573,600 
more  people,  these  rats  would  consume  as  much 
food  as  them  all  !  You  may  wonder,  but  I  will 
prove  it  to  you  : — The  population  of  the  earth, 
including  men,  women,  and  children,  is  estimated 
to  be  970,000,000  souls ;  and  the  17,000  rats  in 
three  years  would  produce  10,995,736,000  :  conse- 
quently, at  ten  rats  per  man,  there  would  be  suffi- 
cient rats  to  eat  as  much  food  as  all  the  people  on 
the  earth,  and  leaving  1,295,736,000.  So  that  if 
the  human  family  were  increased  to  1,099,573,600, 
instead  of  970,000,000,  there  would  be  rata 
enough  to  eat  the  food  of  them  all  I  Now,  sirs, 
is  not  this  a  most  appalling  thing,  to  think  that 
there  are  at  the  present  time  in  the  British  Em- 
pire thousands — nay,  millions — of  human  beings 
in  a  state  of  utter  starvation,  while  rats  are  con- 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


4:J3 


suming  that  which  would  place  them  and  their 
"  "^N&imilies  in  a  state  of  alllueuce  and  comfort  ?  I 
ask  this  simple  question :  Has  not  Pai-liament, 
ere  now,  beien  summoned  ui)on  matters  of  far 
less  importance  to  the  empire  ?  I  think  it  has." 
The  author  then  advocates  the  repeal  of  the 
-**  rat- tax,"  that  is,  the  tax  on  what  he  calls  the 
**  true  friend  of  man  and  remoi-seless  destroyer 
of  rats,"  the  well-bred  tenier  dog.  "  Take  the 
tax  off  rat-killing  dogs  "  he  says, ''  and  give  a 
legality  to  rat-killing,  and  let  there  be  in 
each  parish  a  man  who  will  pay  a  reward  per 
head  for  dead  rats,  which  ai-e  valuable  for 
manure  (as  was  done  in  the  case  of  wolves  in 
the  old  days),  and  then  rats  would  be  extin- 
guished for  ever ! "  Uncle  James  seems  to  be  a 
perfect  Malihus  among  rats.  The  over-popula- 
tion and  over-rat  theories  ai-e  about  eijual  in 
reason. 

Op   lire  CESSrOOLAGE  AXD   NlCHlilEN  OF 

TILE  Metropolis. 

I  HATE  already  shown — it  may  be  necessary  to 
remind  the  reader — that  there  are  two  modes 
of  remo\-ing  the  wet  refuse  of  the  metropolis  : 
the  one  by  carrjing  it  off  by  means  of  sewers, 
or,  as  it  is  designated,  setrero^e;  and  the  other 
by  depositing  it  in  some  neighbouring  cess- 
pool, or  what  is  termed  ctsspoolage. 

The  object  of  sewerage  is  "  to  transport  the 
wet  refuse  of  a  town  to  a  river,  or  some  power- 
fully current  stream,  by  a  series  of  ducts."  By 
the  system  of  cesspoolage,  the  wet  refuse  of 
the  household  is  collected  in  an  adjacent 
tank,  and  when  the  reservoir  is  full,  the  con- 
tents are  removed  to  some  other  part. 

The  gross  quantity  of  wet  refuse  annually 
produced  in  the  metropolis,  and  which  conse- 
quently has  to  be  removed  by  one  or  other  of 
^e  above  means,  is,  as  we  have  seen, — liquid, 
24,000,000,000  gallons;  sohd,  100,000  tons; 
or  altogether,  by  admeasurement,  3,820,000,000 
cubic  feet. 

The  quantity  of  this  wet  refuse  which  finds 
its  way  into  the  sewei-s  by  street  and  house- 
drainage  is,  according  to  the  experiments  of 
the  Commissioners  of  Sewei-s  (as  detailed  at 
p.  388),  10,000,000  cubic  feet  per  day,  or 
3,650,000,000  cubic  feet  per  annum,  so  that 
there  remain  about  170,000,000  cubic  feet  to 
be  accounted  for.  But,  as  we  have  before  seen, 
the  extent  of  sorface  from  which  the  amount 
of  so-called  Metropolitan  sewage  was  removed 
was  only  58  square  miles,  whereas  that  from 
which  the  calculation  was  made  concerning 
the  gross  quantity  of  wet  refuse  produced 
throughout  the  metropolis  was  115  square 
miles,  or  double  the  size.  The  58  miles  mea- 
BPr'^.rl  i.v  iIk.  Commissioners,  however,  was  by 
f  r  moiety  of  the  town,  and  that 

in     Ijousesandstreets  wcrcas  15  to  1; 

so  that,  oilu wing  there). i  'fthe 

suburban  districts  to  h  umes 

V«i  sewage  than  the  urb....  i.....  <.  ....^  iuetro- 
1  jlis,  the  extra  yield  would  have  been  about 


180,500,000  cubic  feet.  But  the  greater  pro- 
portion, if  not  the  whole,  of  the  latter  quantity 
of  wet  house-refuse  would  be  drained  into  open 
ditches,  where  a  considerable  amoimt  of  evapora- 
tion and  absorption  is  continually  going  on,  so 
that  a  large  allowance  must  be  made  for  loss  by 
these  means.  Perhaps,  if  we  estimate  the 
quantity  of  sewage  thus  absorbed  and  evapo- 
rated at  between  10  and  20  per  cent  of  the 
whole,  we  shall  not  be  wide  of  the  trutli,  so 
that  we  shall  have  to  reduce  the  182,000,000 
cubic  feet  of  suburban  sewage  to  somewhere 
about  150,000,000  cubic  feet. 

This  gives  us  the  quantity  of  wet  refuse 
caiTied  off  by  the  sowers  (covered  and  open)  of 
the  meti'opolis,  and  deducted  from  the  gross 
quantitv  of  wet  house-refuse,  axmxxQMy  produced 
(3,820,000,000  cubic  feet),  leaves  20,000,000 
cubic  feet  for  the  gross  quantity  canied  off  by 
other  means  than  the  sewers ;  that  is  to  say, 
the  20,000,000  cubic  feet,  if  the  calculation  be 
right,  should  be  about  the  quantity  deposited 
every  year  in  the  London  cesspools.  Let  us 
see  whether  this  approximates  to  anything 
like  the  real  quantity. 

To  ascertain  the  absolute  quantity  of  wet 
refuse  annually  conveyed  into  the  metropolitan 
cesspools,  we  must  first  ascertain  the  number 
and  capacity  of  the  cesspools  themselves. 

Of  the  city  of  London,  where  the  sewer-cess- 
pool details  are  given  with  a  minuteness  highly 
commendable,  as  affording  statistical  data  of 
great  value,  Mr.  Hey  wood  gives  us  the  follow- 
ing  returns : — 

"  House-Dbainage  of  the  City. 

"  The  total  number  of  premises 
drained  during  the  year  was     .     .  310 

"  The  approximate  number  of 
premises  drained  at  the  expiration 
of  the  year  1850  was 10,923 

"  The  total  number  of  premises 
wJiich  may  now  therefore  be  said 
to  be  drained  is 11,233 

"  And  undrained 5,067 

"  I  am  induced,"  adds  Mr.  Heywood,  "  to  be- 
lieve, fi'om  tlie  reports  of  the  district  inspectors, 
that  a  very  far  larger  number  of  houses  are 
already  drained  than  are  herein  given.  Indeed 
my  impression  is,  that  as  many  as  3000  might 
be  deducted  from  the  5007  houses  as  to  the 
drainage  of  which  you  have  no  information. 

"  Now,  until  the  inspectors  have  completed 
their  sun-ey.of  the  whole  of  the  houses  within 
the  city,"  continues  the  City  sm-veyor,  "  pre- 
cise information  cannot  be  given  as  to  the  num- 
ber of  houses  yet  imdrained ;  such  information 
appears  to  me  very  important  to  obtain  speedily, 
and  I  beg  to  recommend  that  instructions  be 
given  to  the  inspectors  to  proceed  with  their 
survey  as  rapidly  as  possible." 

Hence  it  appears,  that  out  of  the  10,200 
houses  comprised  within  the  boundaries  of  the 
City,  rather  loss  than  one -third  are  reported  io 


No.  LI. 


CC 


434 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


have  cesspools.  Concerning  the  number  of  cess- 
pools without  the  City,  the  Board  of  Health,  in 
a  Keport  on  the  cholera  in  1849,  put  forward 
one  of  its  usual  extraordinary  statements. 

"  At  the  last  census  in  1841,"  runs  the  Re- 
port, "  there  were  270,859  houses  in  the  metro- 
polis. It  is  KNOWN  ihat  there  is  scarcely  a  house 
without  a  cesspool  under  it,  and  that  a  large  num- 
ber have  two,  three,  four,  and  MORE  under  tlwm  ; 
so  that  the  number  of  such  receptacles  in  the 
metropolis  may  be  taken  at  300,000.  The  ex- 
posed surface  of  each  cesspool  measures  on  an 
average  9  feet,  and  the  mean  depth  of  the  whole 
is  about  6^  feet;  so  that  each  contains  58^  cubic 
feet  of  fermenting  filth  of  the  most  poisonous, 
noisome,  and  disgusting  nature.  The  exhaling 
surface  of  all  the  cesspools  (800,000x9) 
=  2,700,000  feet,  or  equal  to  62  acres  nearly ; 
and  the  total  quantity  of  foul  matter  contained 
within    them    (300,000  x  58^)  =  17,550,000 


cubic  feet ;  or  equal  to  one  enormous  elongated 
stagnant  cesspool  50  feet  in  Avidth,  6  feet  G 
inches  in  depth,  and  extending  through  Lon- 
don from  the  Broadway  at  Hammersmith  ta 
Bow-bridge,  a  length  of  10  miles. 

"  This,"  say  the  Metropolitan  Sanitary  Com- 
missioners, a  body  of  functionaries  so  intimately 
connected  with  the  Board,  that  the  one  is  ever 
ready  to  swear  to  what  the  other  asserts, "  there 
is  reason  to  believe  is  an  under  estimate.' " 

Let  us  now  compare  this  statement,  which 
declares  it  to  be  known  that  there  is  scarcely  a 
house  in  London  without  a  cesspool,  and  that 
many  have  two,  three,  four,  and  even  more 
under  them — let  us  corapai-e  this,  I  say,  with 
the  facts  which  wei-e  elicited  by  the  same  func- 
tionaries by  means  of  a  house-to-house  inquiry 
in  three  different  parishes — a  poor,  a  middle- 
class,  and  a  rich  one — the  average  rental  of 
each  being  22/.,  119/.,  and  128/. 


RESULTS  OF  A  HOUSE-TO-HOUSE  INQUIRY  IN  THE  PARISHES  OF  ST.  GEORGE 
THE  MARTYR,  SOUTHWARK,  ST.  ANNE'S,  SOHO,  AND  ST.  JAMES'S,  AS  TO 
THE  STATE  OF  THE  WORKS  OF  WATER  SUPPLY  AND  DRAINAGE. 


CONDITION  OP  THE  HOUSES. 


From  which  replies  have  been  received 

With  supply  of  Water— 

To  the  house  or  premises 
Near  the  privy        .... 
Butts  or  cisterns,  covered 
it  „        uncovered  . 

With  a  sink  ...... 


(Number) 

(Per  cent) 
(Number) 
(Percent) 


With  a  Well  — 

On  or  near  premises 

WeU  tainted  or  foul 

Houses  damp  in  lower  parts 

Houses  with  stagnant  water  on  premises 
Houses  flooded  in  times  of  storm  .... 

Mouses  with  Drain — 

To  premises 

Houses  with  drains  emitting  offensive  smells 
Houses  Avith  drains  stopped  at  times 

Houses  with  dust-bin 

Houses  receiving  offensive  smells  from  adjoining 
premises 

Houses  with  privy         ...... 

Houses  with  cesspool        ...... 

Houses  with  water-closet 


PARISHES. 


St  George 

the 

MartjT, 

Southwark, 


5,713 


80-97 
48-87 
1,879 
2,074 
48-31 


5-32 
40-92 
52-13 
18-54 
18-15 


87-56 
45-11 
22-37 
42-G9 

27-82 
97-03 
82-12 
10-06 


St.  Anne's, 
SoLlo. 


1,339 


95-56 

38-99 

776 

294 

89-29 


13-97 
3-71 

30-90 
7-95 
5-04 


97-12 
37-62 
28-50 
92-34 

22-54 
70-63 
47-27 
45-99 


2,960 


96-48 
43-42 
1,621 
393 
86-70 


13-85 
7-36 

26-67 
2-95 

4-05 


96-42 
21-41 
13-07 
89-80 

16-74 
62-53 
36-62 
65-b6 


In  this  minute  and  searching  investigation 
there  is  not  only  an  oflBcial  guide  to  an  estima- 
tion of  the  number  of  cesspools  in  London,  but 
a  curious  indication  of  the  character  of  the 
houses  in  the  respective  parishes.     In  the 


poorer  parish  of  St.  George  the  Martyr,  South- 
wark, the  cesspools  were  to  every  100  houses 
as  82-12 ;  in  the  aristocratic  parish  of  St.  James, 
Westminster,  as  only  36-62  ;  while  in  what  may 
be  represented,  perhaps,  as  the  middle-class 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


435 


parish  of  St  Anne,  Soho,  the  cesspools  were 
•i7-27  per  cent.  The  number  of  wells  on  or 
near  the  premises,  and  the  proportion  of  those 
tainted ;  the  ratio  of  the  dampness  of  the  lower 
p:uts  of  the  houses,  of  the  stagnant  water 
vn  the  premises,  and  of  the  flooding  of  the 
houses  on  occasions  of  storms,  are  all  sig- 
nificant incUcations  of  the  difierence  in  the  cir- 
cumstances of  the  inhabitants  of  these  parishes 
—  of  the  difiference  between  the  abodes  of  the 
rich  and  the  poor,  the  capitalists  and  the  la- 
bouring classes.  But  more  significant  still, 
perhaps,  of  the  domestic  wants  or  comforts  of 
these  dwellings,  is  the  proportion  of  water- 
closets  to  the  houses  in  the  poor  parish  and 
the  rich;  in  the  one  they  were  but  10'06  per 
cent;  in  the  other  05-86  per  cent. 

These  returns  are  sufficient  to  show  the  ex- 
travagance of  the  Board's  previous  statement, 
that  there  is  "  scarcely  a  house  in  London 
without  a  cesspool  under  it,"  while  "  a  large 
number  have  two,  three,  four,  and  more,"  for 
we  find  that  even  in  the  poorer  parishes  there 
are  only  82  cesspools  to  100  houses.  Moreover, 
the  engineers,  after  an  official  examination  and 
inquiry,  reported  that  in  the  •'  fever-nest,  known 
OS  Jacob's-island,  Bermondsey,"  there  were 
1317  dwelling-houses  and  G48  cesspools,  or  not 
quite  50  cesspools  to  100  houses. 

In  rich,  middle-class,  and  poor  parishes,  the 
proportion  of  cesspools,  then,  it  appears  from 
the  inquiries  of  the  Board  of  Health  (their 
guesses  are  of  no  earthly  value),  gives  us  an 
average  of  something  between  50  or  60  cess- 
pools to  every  100  houses.  A  subordinate 
officer  whom  I  saw,  and  who  was  engaged  in 
the  cleansing  and  the  filling-up  of  cesspools 
when  condemned,  or  when  the  houses  are  to 
be  drained  anew  into  the  sewers  and  the  cess- 
pools abolished,  thought  from  his  own  experi- 
ence, the  number  of  cesspools  to  be  less  than 
one-half,  but  others  thought  it  more. 

On  the  otlier  hand,  a  nightman  told  me  he 
was  confident  that  every  two  houses  in  three 
throughout  London  had  cesspools;  in  the  City, 
however,  we  perceive  that  there  is,  at  the  ut- 
most, only  one  house  in  every  three  undrained. 
It  will,  therefore,  be  safest  to  adopt  a  middle 
coxurs^  and  assume  50  per  cent  of  the  houses 
of  the  metropolis  to  be  still  without  diainage 
into  the  sewers. 

Kow  the  number  of  houses  being  300,000, 
it  follows  that  the  number  of  cesspools  within 
the  area  of  the  metropolis  are  about  150,000 ; 
consequently  the  next  step  in  the  investigation 
is  to  ascertain  the  average  capacity  of  each,  and 
■80  arrive  at  the  gross  quantity  of  wet  house- 
refuse  annnally  deposited  in  cesspools  through- 
out London. 

The  average  size  of  the  cesspools  throughout 
the  metropolis  is  said,  by  the  Board  of  Health, 
to  be  9  feet  by  fli,  which  gives  a  capacity  of 
XtH^  cubic  feet,  and  this  for  150,000  houses  » 
8,776,000  cubic  feet  But  according  to  all  ac- 
counts these  cesspools  require  on  an  average 
two  yean  to  flU,  so  that  the  gross  quantity  of 


wet  refuse  annually  deposited  in  such  places 
can  be  taken  at  only  half  the  above  quantity, 
viz.  in  round  numbers,  4,500,000  cubic  feet. 
This  by  weight,  at  the  rate  of  35-9  cubic  feet 
to  the  ton,  gives  125,315  tons.  This,  however, 
would  appear  to  be  of  a  piece  with  the  gene- 
rality of  the  statistics  of  the  Board  of  Health, 
and  as  Aride  of  the  truth  as  was  the  statement 
that  there  was  scarcely  a  house  in  London  with- 
out a  cesspool,  while  many  had  three,  four,  and 
even  more.  But  I  am  credibly  informed  that 
the  average  size  of  a  cesspool  is  rather  more 
than  5  feet  squai'e  and  6^  deep,  so  that  the  or- 
dinary capacity  would  be  5f  x  5^  x  6^  =  197 
cubic  feet,  and  this  multiplied  by  150,000  gives 
an  aggregate  capacity  of  29,550,000  cubit  feet. 
But  as  the  cesspools,  according  to  all  accounts, 
become  full  only  once  in  two  years,  it  follows 
that  the  gross  quantity  of  cesspoolage  annually 
deposited  throughout  the  metropolis  must  be 
only  one-half  that  quantity,  or  about  14,775,000 
cubic  feet. 

The  calculation  may  be  made  another  way, 
-viz.  by  the  experience  of  the  nightmen  and 
the  sewer-cesspoolmen  as  to  the  average  quan- 
tity of  refuse  removed  from  the  Loudon  cess- 
pools whenever  emptied,  as  well  as  the  average 
number  emptied  yearly. 

The  contents  of  a  cesspool  are  never  esti- 
mated for  any  puipose  of  sale  or  labour  by  the 
weight,  but  always,  as  regards  the  nigh tm en's 
work,  by  the  load.  Each  night-cart  load  of 
soil  is  considered,  on  an  average,  a  ton  in  weight, 
so  that  the  nightmen  readily  estimate  the  num- 
ber of  tons  by  the  number  of  cart-loads  obtauied. 
The  men  employed  in  the  cleansing  of  the  cess- 
pools by  the  new  system  of  pumping  agree  with 
the  nightmen  as  to  the  average  contents  of  a 
cesspool. 

As  a  general  rule,  a  cesspool  is  filled  every  two 
years,  and  holds,  when  full,  about  five  tons. 
One  man,  who  had  been  upwards  of  30  years  in 
tlie  nightman's  business,  who  had  worked  at  it 
more  or  less  all  that  time  himself,  and  who  is 
now  foreman  to  a  parish  contractor  and  master- 
nightman  in  a  large  way,  spoke  positively  on 
the  subject.  The  cesspools,  he  declared,  were 
emptied,  as  an  average,  by  nightmen,  once  in 
two  years,  and  their  avera}j;o  contents  wei'e  five 
loads  of  night-soil,  it  having  been  always  un- 
derstood in  the  trade  tliat  a  night-cartload  was 
about  a  ton.*  The  total  of  the  cesspool  matter 
is  not  aflected  by  tlie  frequency  or  paucity  of  the 
cleansing  away  of  the  filth,  for  if  one  cesspool 
be  emptied  yearly,  another  is  emptied  every 
second,  third,  fourth,  or  fifth  year,  and,  accord- 
ing to  the  size,  the  fair  average  is  five  tons  of 
cesspoolage  emptied  from  each  every  other  year. 
One  master-nightman  had  emptied  as  much  as 

•  In  one  of  their  Reports  the  Board  of  ITcalth  has 
spoken  of  the  yearly  cleansing  of  the  cessnools  ;  but 
a  cesspool,  I  am  assured,  is  rarely  emptied  by  manual 
labour,  luiless  it  be  full,  for  as  the  process  is  generally 
regarded  as  a  nuisance,  it  is  rcsortod  to  as  seldom  aa 
possible.  It  may,  perhaps,  be  different  with  the  cess- 
pool-emptying by  the  hydraulic  pi-ocess,  which  is  not 
a  nuisanoo. 


436 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


fourteen  tons  of  night-soil  from  a  cesspool  or 
soil-tank,  and  a  couti'actor's  man  had  once 
emptied  as  many  as  eighteen  tons,  hut  hoth 
agreed  as  to  the  average  of  five  tons  eveiy  two 
years  from  all.  Neither  knew  the  period  of  the 
accumulation  of  the  fourteen  or  the  eighteen 
tons,  hut  supposed  to  be  about  live  or  six 
years. 

According  to  thismode  of  estimate,  the  quan- 
tity of  wet  house-refuse  deposited  in  cesspools 
would  he  equal  to  150,000  x  5,  or  750,000  tons 
every  two  years.  This,  by  admeasm-ement,  at 
the  rate  of  35*9  cubic  feet  to  the  ton,  gives 
20,925,000  cubic  feet;  and  as  this  is  the  accu- 
mulation of  two  years,  it  follows  that  13,402,500 
cubic  feet  is  the  quantity  of  cesspoolage  de- 
posited yearly. 

There  is  "still  another  mode  of  checking  this 
estimate. 

I  have  already  given  (see  p.  385,  ante)  the 
average  production  of  each  individual  to  the  wet 
refuse  of  the  metropolis.  According  to  the  ex- 
perimentsofBoussiugault.,confirmedbyLiebig, 
this,  as  I  have  stated,  amounted  to  ^  lb.  of  solid 
and  1^  lb.  of  liquid  excrement  from  each  indi- 
vidual per  diem  ( =  150  lbs.  for  every  ICO  per- 
sons), while,  including  the  wet  refuse  from 
culinary  operations,  tlie  average  yield,  accord- 
ing to  the  surveyor  of  the  Commissioners  of 
Sewers,  was  equal  to  about  250  lbs.  for  every 
100  indiA'iduals  daily.  I  may  add  that  this  cal- 
culation was  made  officially,  with  Engineering 
minuteness,  with  a  ^iew  to  ascertain  what 
quantity  of  water,  and  what  inclination  in  its 
flow,  would  be  required  for  the  effective  working 
of  a  system  of  drainage  to  supersede  the  cess- 
pools.* Now  the  census  of  1841  shows  us  that 
the  average  number  of  inhabitants  to  each 
house  throughout  the  metropolis  was  7-0,  and 
this  for  150,000  houses  would  give  1,140,000 
people  ;  consequently  the  gross  quantity  of  wet 
refuse  proceeding  from  this  number  of  persons, 
at  the  rate  of  250  lbs.  to  every  100  people  daily, 
would  be  464,400  tons  per  annum  ;  or,  by  ad- 
measurement, at  the  rate  of  35'9  cubic  feet  to 
the  ton,  it  would  be  equal  to  16,070,950  cubic 
feet. 

A  small  pi-oportion  of  this  amount  of  cess- 
poolage ultimately  m.akes  its  appearance  in  the 
sewers,  being  pumped  into  them  directly  from 
the  cesspools  when  full  by  means  of  a  special  ap- 
paratus, and  thus  tends  not  only  to  swell  the 
bulk  of  sewage,  but  to  decrease  in  a  like  pro- 
portion the  aggregate  quantity  of  wet  house- 
refuse,  which  is  removed  by  cartage ;  butthough 
the  proportion  of  cesspoolage  which  finally  ap- 
pears as  sewage  is  daily  increasing,  still  it  is  but 
trifling  compared  with  the  quantity  removed  by 
cartage. 

Here,  then,  we  have  three  different  estimates 
as  to  the  gross  quantity  of  the  London  cesspool- 
age, each  slightly  varj'ing  from  the  other  two. 

*  It  w.is  ascertained  that  3  gallons  QisiX?  a  cxibic 
foot)  of  water  would  carry  off  1  lb.  of  the  more  solid 
excrementitioiia  matter  through  a  6-inch  pipe,  with 
an  inclination  of  1  iu  10. 


The  first,  drawn  from  the  Cubic  Fe<it. 

average  capacity  of  the  London 
cesspools,  makes  the  gross 
annual  amount  of  cesspoolage  14,775,000 

The  second,  deduced  from 
the  average  quantity  removed 
from  each  cesspool  .        .  13,462,500 

And  the  third,  calculated 
from  the  individual  production 
of  wet  refuse  .        .        .  10,070,950 

The  mean  of  these  three  results  is,  in  roimd 
numbers,  15,000,000  cubic  feet,  so  that  the 
statement  would  stand  thus : — 

The  quantity  of  wet  house- 
refuse  annually  earned  ofi"  by 
sewers  (chiefly  covered)  from 
the  urban  moiety  of  the  metro- 
polis is  (in  cubic  feet)    .         .      3,050,000,000 

The  quantity  annually  car- 
ried off  by  sewers  (principally 
open)  from  the  suburban  moi- 
ety of  the  metropolis       .         .         150,000,000 


3,800,000,000 


15,000,000 


The  total  amount  of  wet 
house-refuse  annually  carried 
off  by  the  sewers  of  the  metro- 
polis        

The  gross  amount  of  wet 
house-refuse  annually  depo- 
sited in  cesspools  throughout 
the  metropolis 

The  total  amomit  of  sewage 
and  cesspoolage  of  the  metro- 
pohs 3,815,000,000 

Thus  we  perceive  that  the  total  quantity  of 
wet  house-refuse  annually  removed,  corresponds 
so  closely  with  the  gross  quantity  of  wet  house- 
refuse  annually  prorfwe^c?,  that  we  may  briefly 
conclude  the  gross  sewage  of  liOndon  to  be 
equal  to  3,800,000,000  cubic  feet,  and  the  gross 
cesspoolage  to  be  equal  to  15,000,000  cubic  feet. 

The  accuracy  of  the  above  conclusion  may  be 
tested  by  another  process;  for,  unless  the  Board 
of  Health's  conjectural  mode  of  getting  at  fads 
be  adopted,  it  is  absolutely  necessary  that  sta- 
tistics not  only  upon  this,  but  indeed  any  sub- 
ject, be  checked  by  all  the  different  modes  there 
may  be  of  amving  at  the  same  conclusion. 
False  facts  are  worse  than  no  facts  at  all. 

The  number  of  nightmen  may  be  summed 
up  as  follows : — 

Masters      .        «        •        .  521 

Labourers.        .         .        .     200,000 

The  number  of  cesspools  emptied  during  the 
past  year  by  these  men  may  be  estimated  at 
50,092 ;  and  the  quantity  of  soil  removed,  253,400 
loads,  or  tons,  and  this  at  the  rate  of  35.9  cubic 
ft.  to  the  ton  gives  a  total  of  0,099,214  cubic  ft. 

It  might,  perhaps,  be  expected,  that  from 
the  quantity  of  faecal  refuse  proceeding  from  the 
inhabitants  of  the  metropolis,  a  greater  qiiantity 
would  be  found  in  the  existent  cesspools  ;  but 
there  are  many  reasons  for  the  contrary. 


l^ONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 


d.3? 


One  prime  cause  of  the  dispersion  of  cess- 
poolage  is,  that  a  considerable  quantity  of  the 
night-soil  does  not  find  its  "way  into  the  cess- 
pools at  all,  but  is,  when  the  inhabitants  have 
no  privies  to  their  dwellings,  thrown  into 
streets,  and  courts,  and  waste  places. 

I  cannot  show  this  better  than  by  a  few  ex- 
tracts from  Dr.  Hector  Gavin's  work,  published 
in  1848,  entitled,  "  Sanitar)'  Ramblings ;  being 
Sketches  and  Illustrations  of  Bethnal  Green, 
&c." 

"  Dlghy-xcalk,  Glohc-road. — Part  of  this  place 
is  private  property,  and  the  landlord  of  the  new 
houses  has  built  a  cesspool,  into  which  to  drain 
his  houses,  but  he  will  not  pennit  the  otlier 
houses  to  drain  into  this  cesspool,  unless  the 
parish  pay  to  him  1/.,  a  sum  which  it  wiU  not 
pay."  Of  course  the  inhabitants  throw  their 
garbage  and  filth  into  tlie  streetor  the  by-places. 

"  Whiskers-gardens. — This  is  a  very  extensive 
piece  of  ground,  which  is  laid  out  in  neat  plots, 
as  gardens.  The  choicest  flowers  are  frequently 
raised  here,  and  great  taste  and  considerable  re- 
finement are  evidently  possessed  by  those  who 
cultivate  them.  Now,  among  the  cultivators  are 
the  poor,  even  the  very  poor,  of  Bethnal-green. 
.  .  .  .  Attached  to  all  these  little  plots  of 
ground  are  summer-houses.  In  the  generality  of 
cases  they  are  mere  wooden  sheds,  cabins,  or 
huts.  It  is  very  greatly  to  be  regretted  that  the 
proprietors  of  these  gardens  should  permit  the 
slight  and  fragile  sheds  in  them  to  be  converted 
into  abodes  for  human  beings.  .  .  .  Some- 
times they  are  divided  into  rooms ;  they  are 
planted  on  the  damp  undrained  ground.  The 
privies  are  sheds  erected  over  holes  in  the 
ground ;  the  soil  itself  is  removed  from  these 
holes  and  is  dug  into  the  ground  to  promote  its 
fertility. 

"  Three  Colt-lane. — A  deep  ditch  has  been 
dug  on  either  side  of  the  Eastern  Counties 
Railway  by  the  Company.  These  ditches  were 
dug  by  the  Company  to  prevent  the  foundations 
of  the  arches  being  endangered,  and  are  in  no 
way  to  be  considered  as  having  been  dug  to 
promote  the  health  of  the  neighbourhood. 
The  double  privies  attached  to  the  new  houses 
(22  in  number)  are  immediately  contiguous  to 
this  ditch,  and  are  constructed  so  that  the 
night-soil  shall  drain  into  it.  For  this  purpose 
the  cesspools  are  small,  and  the  bottoms  are 
above  the  level  of  the  ditch." 

It  would  be  easy  t i.:~i^  «;^c}^  proofs  of 

night-soil  not  find)  n  /  >  the  cesspools, 

but  the  subject  need  i ;  t ; .  r  pursued,  im- 

portant as  in  many  respects  it  may  be.  I  need 
but  say,  that  in  the  several  reports  of  the 
Board  of  Health  are  similar  accounts  of  other 
localities.  The  same  deficiency  of  cesspoolage 
is  ffnind  in  Paris,  and  from  the  same  cause. 

:  n ay  be  the  quantitj*  of  night-soil  which 
part  of  the  contents  of  tlie  street 
'<  >f  the  nightman's  cart,  no 
"'I',    i  ken,  or  perhaps   can  be 

til:  11,  h\  ^  -  sanitary  Dodies  to  ascer- 
tain.   Many  of  the  worst  of  tho  nuisances 


(such  as  that  in  Digby-street)  have  been 
abolished,  but  they  are  still  too  characteristic 
of  the  very  poor  districts.  The  fault,  however, 
appears  to  be  with  the  owners  of  property,  and 
it  is  seldom  thcg  are  coerced  into  doing'  theu' 
duty.  The  doubt  of  its  "  pa}'ing  "  a  capitalist 
landlord  to  improve  the  unwholesome  dwellings 
of  the  poor  soems  to  be  regarded  as  a  far  more 
sacred  right,  than  the  right  of  the  people  to  be 
delivered  from  the  foul  air  and  vile  stenches 
to  which  their  poverty  may  condemn  them. 

There  is,  moreover,  the  great  but  unascer- 
tained waste  from  cesspool  evaporation,  and 
it  must  be  recollected  that  of  the  S^lbs.  of 
cesspool  refuse,  calculated  as  the  daily  produce 
of  each  individual,  2  Jibs,  are  liquid. 

The  gross  cesspoolage  of  Paris  should  amount 
to  upwards  of  000,000  cubic  metres,  or  more 
than  21,000,000  cubic  feet,  at  the  estimate 
of  throe  pints  daily  per  head.  The  quantity 
actually  collected,  however,  amounts  to  only 
230,000  cubic  metres,  or  rather  more  than 
8,000,000  cubic  feet,  which  is  13,000,000  cubic 
feet  less  than  the  amount  produced. 

In  London,  the  cesspoolage  of  150,000  un- 
drained houses  should,  at  the  rate  of  2^1bs. 
to  each  individual  and  15  inhabitants  to  eveiy 
two  houses,  amount  to  10,500,000  cubic  feet, 
or  about  460,000  loads,  whereas  the  quantity 
collected  amounts  to  but  little  more  than 
250,000  loads,  or  about  9,000,000  cubic  feet. 
Hence,  the  deficiency  is  210,000  loads,  or 
7,500,000  cubic  feet,  which  is  neaily  half  of 
the  entire  quantity. 

In  Paris,  then,  it  would  appear  that  only  38 
per  cent  of  the  refuse  which  is  not  removed 
by  sewers  is  collected  in  the  cesspools,  whereas 
in  London  about  54-J  per  cent  is  so  collected. 
The  remainder  in  both  cases  is  part  deposited 
in  by-places  and  removed  by  the  scavenger's 
cart,  part  lost  in  evaporation,  whereas  a  large 
proportion  of  the  deficiency  arises  from  a  less 
quantity  of  water  than  the  amount  stated  being 
used  by  the  very  poor. 

We  have  now  to  see  the  means  by  which 
this  15,000,000  cubic  feet  of  cesspoolage  is 
annually  removed,  as  well  as  to  ascertain  the 
condition  and  incomes  of  the  labourers  en- 
gaged in  the  removal  of  it. 

Of  the  Cesspool  System  or  Loi^don. 

A  CESSPOOL,  or  some  equivalent  contrivance, 
has  long  existed  in  connexion  with  tho  struc- 
ture of  the  better  class  of  houses  in  the 
metropolis,  and  there  seems  every  reason  to 
believe — though  I  am  assured,  on  good  au- 
thority, that  there  is  no  public  or  official 
record  of  the  matter  known  to  exist — that 
their  use  became  more  and  more  general,  as 
in  the  case  of  the  sewers,  after  the  rebuilding 
of  tho  City,  consequent  upon  the  great  flro 
of  1005. 

Tho  older  cesspools  were  of  two  kinds— 
•*  soil-tanks"  and  •'  bog-holes." 

♦*  Soil-tanks"  were  the  filth  receptacles  of 


438 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


the  larger  houses,  and  sometimes  works  of 
solid  masonry ;  they  wei'e  almost  every  size 
and  depth,  but  always  perhaps  much  deeper 
than  the  modem  cesspools,  which  present  an 
average  depth  of  6  feet  to  C^  feet. 

The  "  bog-hole"  was,  and  is,  a  caNaty  dug 
into  the  earth,  having  less  masonry  than  the 
soil-tank,  and  sometimes  no  masonry  at  all, 
being  in  like  manner  the  receptacle  for  the 
wet  refuse  from  the  house. 

The  diliertnce  between  these  old  con- 
trivances and  the  jn-esert  mode  is  principally 
in  the  following  respect :  the  soil-tank  or  bog- 
hole  formed  a  receptacle  immediately  under 
the  privy  (the  floor  of  which  has  usually  to  be 
removed  for  ptu^oses  of  cleansing),  whereas 
the  refuse  is  now  more  frequently  cai'ried  into 
the  modem  cesspool  by  a  system  of  drainage. 
Sometimes  the  soil -tank  was,  when  the  nature 
of  the  situation  of  the  premises  permitted,  in 
some  outer  place,  such  as  an  obscure  part  of 
the  gai'den  or  court-yard  ;  and  perhaps  two  or 
more  bog-holes  were  drained  into  it,  while 
often  enough,  by  means  of  a  grate  or  a  trap- 
door, any  kind  of  refuse  to  be  got  lid  of  was 
thrown  into  it. 

I  am  infoi-med  that  the  average  contents  of 
a  bog-hole  (such  as  now  exist)  are  a  cubic 
yard  of  matter ;  some  are  romad,  some  oblong, 
for  there  is,  or  was,  great  variation. 

Of  the  few  remaining  soil-tanks  the  varying 
sizes  prevent  any  average  being  computable. 

What  the  old  system  of  cesspoolage  was  may 
be  judged  from  the  fact,  that  until  somewhere 
about  1830  no  cesspool  matter  could,  without 
an  indictable  offence  being  committed,  be 
drained  into  a  sewer !  Noio,  no  new  house 
can  be  erected,  but  it  is  an  indictable  offence 
if  the  cesspool  (or  rather  water-closet)  matter 
be  drained  anywhere  else  than  into  the  sewer ! 
The  law,  at  the  period  specified,  required  most 
strangely,  so  that  "  the  drains  and  sewers 
might  not  be  choked,"  that  cesspools  should 
"  be  not  only  periodically  emptied,  but  made 
by  nightmen." 

The  principal  means  of  effecting  the  change 
from  cesspoolage  to  sewerage  was  the  intro- 
duction of  Bramah's  water-closets,  patented 
in  1808,  but  not  brought  into  general  use  for 
some  twenty  years  or  more  after  that  date. 
The  houses  of  the  rich,  owing  to  the  refuse 
being  di'aiued  away  from  the  premises,  im- 
proved both  in  wholesomeness  and  agreeable- 
ness,  and  so  the  law  was  relaxed. 

There  are  two  kinds  of  cesspools,  viz.  public 
and  private. 

The  public  cesspools  are  those  situated  in 
courts,  alleys,  and  places,  whicli,  though  often 
packed  thickly  with  inhabitants,  are  not  horse- 
thoroughfares,  or  thoroughfares  at  all ;  and  in 
such  places  one,  two,  or  more  cesspools  receive 
the  refuse  from  all  the  houses.  I  do  not  know 
that  any  official  account  of  public  cesspools 
has  been  published  as  to  their  number,  cha- 
racter, &c.,  but  their  number  is  insignificant 
when  compared  -vvith   those  connected  with 


private  houses.  The  public  cesspools  are 
cleansed,  and,  where  possible,  fiUed  up  by 
order  of  the  Commissioners  of  Sewers,  the 
cost  being  then  defrayed  out  of  the  rate. 

The  private  cesspools  are  cleansed  at  the  ex- 
pense of  the  occupiers  of  the  houses. 

Of  the  Cesspool  and  Sewer  Systesi  of 
Paius. 

As  the  Court  of  Sewers  have  recently  adopted 
some  of  the  French  regulations  concerning 
cesspoolage,  I  M'ill  now  give  an  account  of  the 
cesspool  system  of  France. 

When  after  the  ravages  of  the  epidemic  cho- 
lera of  1848-9,  sanitaiy  commissioners  under 
the  authority  of  the  legislature  pmrsued  their 
inquiries,  it  was  deemed  essential  to  report 
upon  the  cesspool  system  of  Paris,  as  that 
cfcpital  had  also  been  ravaged  by  the  epidemic. 
The  task  was  entrusted  to  Mr.  T.  W.  Rammell, 
C.E. 

Evei\  in  what  the  French  delight  to  designate 
— and  in  some  respects  justly — the  most  i-efined 
city  in  the  world,  a  filthy  and  indolent  custom, 
once  common,  as  I  have  shown, in  England,  still 
prevails.  In  Paris,  the  kitchen  and  dry  house- 
refuse  (and  formerly  it  was  the  fajcal  refuse 
also)  is  deposited  in  the  dark  of  the  night  in 
the  streets,  and  removed,  as  soon  as  the  morn- 
ing hght  permits,  by  the  pubhc  scavengers. 
But  the  refuse  is  not  removed  unexamined 
before  being  thrown  into  the  cart  of  the  proper 
functionary.  There  is  in  Paris  a  large  and 
peculiar  class,  the  chiffonniers  (literally,  in 
Anglo-Saxon  rendering,  the  r aggers,  or  rag- 
finders).  These  men  nightly  traverse  the 
streets,  each  provided  with  a  lautem,  and 
generally  with  a  basket  strapped  to  the  back ; 
the  poorer  sort,  however — for  poverty,  Hke 
rank,  has  its  gradations — make  a  bag  answer 
the  purpose ;  they  have  also  a  pole  with  an 
iron  hook  to  its  end;  and  a  small  shovel. 
The  dirt-heaps  or  mounds  of  di-y  house-refuse 
are  carefully  turned  over  by  these  men  ;  for 
their  morrow's  bread,  as  in  the  case  of  our 
own  street-finders,  depends  upon  something 
saleable  being  acquired.  Their  prizes  are 
bones  (which  sometimes  they  are  seen  to 
gnaw) ;  bits  of  bread ;  wasted  potatoes ;  broken 
pots,  bottles,  and  glass ;  old  pans  and  odd 
pieces  of  old  metal ;  cigar-ends ;  waste-paper, 
and  rags.  Although  these  people  are  known 
as  rag-pickers,  rags  are,  perhaps,  the  very 
thing  of  which  they  pick  the  least,  because 
the  Parisians  are  least  apt  to  throw  them 
away.  In  some  of  the  criminal  trials  in  the 
French  capital,  the  chiffonniers  have  given  ev^ 
dence  (but  not  much  of  late)  of  what  they 
have  found  in  a  certain  locaUty,  and  supplied 
a  link,  sometimes  an  important  one,  to  the  evi-  j 
dence  against  a  criminal.  With  these  refuse 
heaps  is  still  sometimes  mixed  matter  which 
should  have  found  its  way  into  the  cesspools, 
although  this  is  an  offence  punishable,  and 
occasionally  pvmished. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


439 


Before  the  habits  of  the  Parisians  ore  too 
freely  condemned,  let  it  be  borne  in  mind  that 
the  houses  of  the  French  capital  are  much 
larger  than  in  London,  and  that  each  floor  is 
often  the  dwelling-place  of  a  family.  Such  is 
generally  the  case  in  London  in  the  poorer 
districts,  but  in  Paris  it  penades  almost  all 
districts.  There,  some  of  the  houses  contain 
70,  not  fugitive  but  permanent,  inmates.  The 
average  number  of  inhabitants  to  each  house, 
according  to  the  last  census,  was  upwards  of 
twenty-four  (in  London  the  average  is  7"6), 
the  extremes  being  eleven  to  each  house  in 
St.  Giles's  and  between  five  and  six  in  the 
immediate  suburbs  (see  p.  105, ante).  Persons 
who  are  circumstanced  then,  as  are  the  Pa- 
risians, can  hardly  have  at  their  command  the 
proper  means  and  appliances  for  a  sufficient 
cleanliness,  and  for  the  promotion  of  what  we 
consider — but  the  two  words  are  unknown  to 
the  French  language — the  comfvrts  of  a  }u>me. 

•'  The  greater  portion  of  the  liquid  refuse," 
writes  Mr.  Rammell,  "  including  water,  which 
has  been  used  in  culinary  or  cleansing  pro- 
cesses, is  got  rid  of  by  means  of  open  channels 
laid  across  the  court-yards  and  the  foot  pave- 
ments to  the  street  gutters,  along  which  it 
flows  until  it  falls  through  the  nearest  gully 
into  the  sewers,  and  ultimately  into  the  Seine. 
If  produced  in  the  upper  part  of  a  house,  tliis 
description  of  refuse  is  first  poured  into  an 
external  shoot  branching  out  of  the  rainwater 
pipe,  with  one  of  which  every  floor  is  usually 
provided.  L:on  pipes  have  been  lately  much 
introduced  in  place  of  the  open  channels  across 
the  foot  pavements ;  these  are  laid  level  with 
the  surface,  and  are  cast  with  an  open  slit, 
about  one  inch  in  width,  at  the  top,  to  afibrd 
facility  for  cleansing.  During  the  busy  parts 
of  the  day  there  are  constant  streams  of  such 
fluids  running  through  most  of  the  streets  of 
Paris,  the  smell  arising  from  which  is  by  no 
means  agreeable.  In  hot  weather  it  is  the 
practice  to  turn  on  the  public  stand  pipes  for 
an  hour  or  two,  to  dilute  the  matter  and  ac- 
celerate its  flow." 

"  With  respect  to  feecal  ref\ise,"  says  Mr. 
Bammell,  '*  and  much  of  the  house-slops,  par- 
ticularly those  of  bed-chambers,  the  cesspool 
is  universally  adopted  in  Paris  as  the  imme- 
diate receptacle." 

By  fiu-  the  greater  proportion  of  the  wet 
house-refuse  of  Paris,  therefore,  is  deposited 
in  cesspools. 

I  shall,  then,  immediately  proceed  to  show 
the  quantity  of  matter  thus  collected  yearly, 
as  well  as  the  means  by  which  it  is  removed. 
*The  aggregate  quantity  of  the  cesspool  mat- 
ter of  Paris  has  greatly  increased  in  quantity 
within  the  present  century,  though  this  might 
have  been  expected,  as  well  from  the  increase 
of  population  as  from  the  improved  construc- 
tion of  cesspools  (preventing  leakage),  and 
the  increased  supply  of  water  in  the  French 
metropolis. 

The  following  figures  show  both  the  aggre- 


50,151  —  1,770,330 

49,515=  1,748,938 
40,235  =  1,737,995 


49-877  =  1,700,658 


gate  quantity  and  the  increase  that  lias  taken 
place  in  the  cesspoolage  of  Paris,  from  1810 
to  the  present  time  : — 

Cub.  Metres.  Cub.  Feet. 

In  1810  the  total 
quantity  of  refuse  mat- 
ter deposited  in  the 
basins  at  Montfaucon 
amounted  to  ...     . 

In  1811  the  quantity 
was 

In  1812 

Giving  an  average 
for  the  three  yeai's  of  . 

The  quantity  at  pre- 
sent conveyed  to  Mont- 
faucon and  Bondy 
amounts,  according  to 
M.  Heloin  (a  very  good 
authority),  to  from  000 
to  700  cubic  mdtres 
daily,  giving,  in  round 
numbers,  an  annual 
quantity  of  ...         .      230,000  =  8,119,000 

This  shows  an  increase  in  30  years  of  very 
nearly  400  per  cent,  but  still  it  constitutes 
little  more  than  one-half  the  cesspoolage  of 
London. 

The  quantity  of  refuse  matter  wliich  is  daily 
drawn  from  the  cesspools,  Mr.  Eaminell  states 
— and  he  had  every  assistance  from  the  au- 
thorities in  prosecuting  his  inquiries — at  "  be- 
tween 000  and  700  cubic  metres;  (21,180  and 
24,710  cubic  feet),  gi^'ing,  in  round  num- 
bers, the  annual  quantity  of  230,000  cubic 
metres. 

"  Dividing  this  annual  quantity  at  230,000 
cubic  metres  (or  8,000,000  cubic  feet)  by  the 
number  of  tlie  population  of  Paris  (94,721  in- 
diriduals,  according  to  the  last  census),  we 
have  243  litres  only  as  the  annual  produce 
from  each  individual.  The  daily  quantity  of 
matter  (including  water  necessary  for  clean- 
liness)  passing  from  each  person  into  the 
cesspool  in  the  better  class  of  houses  is  stated 
to  be  1}  litre  (308  pints),  or  038  litres  an- 
nually. The  discrepancy  between  these  two 
quantities,  wide  as  it  is,  must  be  accounted 
for  by  the  fact  of  a  large  proportion  of  the 
lower  orders  in  Paris  rartjly  or  .ever  using  any 
privy  at  all,  and  by  allowing  for  the  small 
quantity  of  water  made  use  of  in  the  inferior 
class  of  houses.  There  can  be  no  doubt  that 
this  latter  quantity  of  1}  litre  daUy  is  very 
nearly  correct,  and  not  above  the  average 
quantity  used  in  houses  where  a  moderate 
degree  of  cleanliness  is  observed.  This  pro- 
portion was  ascertained  to  hold  good  in  the 
case  of  some  barracks  in  Paris,  where  the 
contents  of  the  cesspools  were  accurately 
measured,  the  total  quantity  divided  by  the 
number  of  men  occupying  the  barracks,  and 
the  quotient  by  the  number  of  days  since  the 
cesspools  had  been  last  emptied;  the  result 
showing  a  daily  quantity  of  If  litre  from  each 
individual. 


440 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  The  average  charge  per  cubic  metre  for 
extraction  and  transport  of  the  cesspoolage  is 
nine  francs,  givuig  a  gross  annual  chai'ge  of 
2,070,000  francs  (82,ti00/.  sterhng),  Avhich 
sum,  it  Avould  appear,  is  paid  every  year  by 
the  house-proprietoi-s  of  Paris  for  the  ex- 
traction of  the  matter  from  their  cesspools,  and 
its  transport  to  the  Voirie." 

Mr.  Eammell  says  that,  were  a  tubular 
system  of  liouse-drainage,  such  as  has  been 
desciibed  under  the  proper  head,  adopted  in 
Paris,  in  lieu  of  the  present  mode,  it  would 
cost  less  than  one -tenth  of  the  expense  now 
incurred. 

The  piincipal  place  of  deposit  for  the 
general  refuse  of  Pans  has  long  been  at 
Montfaucon.  A  French  writer,  M.  Jules 
Gamier,  in  a  recent  work,  "  A  Visit  to  INIont- 
faucon,"  says : — "  For  more  than  nine  hun- 
dred years  Montfaucon  has  been  devoted  to 
this  purpose.  There  the  citizens  of  Paris  de- 
posited their  filth  before  the  walls  of  the 
capital  extended  beyond  what  is  now  the 
central  quarter.  The  distance  between  Pai'is 
and  Montfaucon  was  then  more  than  a  mile 
and  a  half."  Thus  it  appears  that  Mont- 
faucon was  devoted  to  its  present  purposes, 
of  course  in  a  much  more  limited  degree,  as 
early  as  the  reign  of  King  Charles  the  Simple. 

This  deposit  of  cesspool  matter  is  the 
projjerty  of  the  commune  (as  in  the  city  of 
London  it  would  be  said  to  belong  to  the 
'•corporation"),  and  it  is  farmed  out,  for 
terms  of  nine  yeiu's,  to  the  highest  bidders. 
The  amoomt  received  by  the  commune  has 
greatly  increased,  as  the  following  returns, 
which  are  ofiicial,  Avill  show : — 
A.D.  Francs  £ 

1808  the  cesspoolage  fetched  97,000,  abt.  3,880 
1817  „  75,000,     „    3,000 

1834  „  1(55,000,     „    7,000 

1843  „  525,000,     „  21,000 

It  is  here  that  the  "  2)oitdrette,"  *  of  which  I 

*  Mr.  Rammell  supplies  tlie  following  note  on  the 
U3C  of  "  Poudrette." 

"  In  connexion  with  this  subject,"  he  says,  "a  few 
observations  upon  the  application  of  poudrette  in 
agi-icultui-al  process  may  not  be  without  interest. 

"With  regard  to  the  fertilizing  properties  of  this 
preparation,  M.  Maximo  Paulot,  in  his  worlc  entitled 
•Th^orie  et  Pratique  des  Eugrais,' gives  a  table  of  the 
f  .rtilizing  quaUties  of  vai-ious  descriptions  of  manure, 
the  value  of  each  being  determined  by  the  quantity  of 
nitrogen  it  contains.  Taking  for  a  standard  good 
firm-yard,  dung,  which  contains  on  an  average  4  per 
1000  of  nitrogen,  and  assuming  that  10,000  kilo- 
gi-ammcs  ("about  22,000  lbs.  English)  of  this  manure 
(containing  40  kilogrammes  of  nitrogen)  are  Jieces- 
sary  to  manure  one  liectare  (2h  acres  nearly)  of  land, 
the  qiiantities  of  poudrette  and  of  some  other  animal 
nxunures  required  to  produce  a  similar  effect  would 
be  as  follows : — 

Kilogi-. 

"Good  farm-yard  dung,  the  quantity  usu- 
ally spread  upon  one  hectai-e  of  laud       .        .     10,000 

Equivalent  quantities  of  human  urine,  not 
having  undergone  fermentation      .        .        ,       5,000 

Equivalent  quantities  of  poudrette  of  Mont- 
faucon         2,550 

Equivalent  quantities  of  mixed  human  ex- 
crements (this  quantity  I  have  calculated 
from  data  given  in  the  same  work)  .       1,.')33 


have  spoken  elsewhere,  is  prepared.  Besides 
this  branch  of  commei'ce,  JNIontfaucon  has 
establishments  for  the  extracting  of  ammonia 
from  the  cesspool  matter,  and  the  right  of 
doing  so  is  now  farmed  out  for  80,000  francs 
a-year  (3200/). 

Montfaucon  is  on  the  north  side  of  Paris, 
and  the  place  of  refuse  deposit  is  known  as 

Kilogr. 
"  Equivalent  quantities  of  liquid  blood  of 

the  abattoirs 1,333 

Equivalent  quantities  of  bones    .         .        .  050 

Equivalent  quantities  of  average  of  guano 
(two  specimens  are  given)         ....         512 

Equivalent  quantities  of  urine  of  the  pubhc 
urinalsinfermentation,andincompletely  dried  233 

"  M.  Paulett  estimates  the  lots  of  thb  ammoniacal 
products  contained  in  the  fajcal  matters  when  they 
are  withdrawn  from  the  ccssjwols,  by  the  time  they 
have  been  ultimately  x-educed  into  poudrette,  at  from 
80  to  90  per  cent. 

"  I  have  not  been  able  to  meet  with  an  analysis  of 
the  matters  found  in  the  fixed  and  movable  cesspools 
of  Paris,  but  in  the  '  Cours  d' Agriculture, '  of  M.  le 
Comte  de  Gasparin,  I  find  an  analysis  by  MM. 
Payen  and  Boussingault  of  some  matter  taken  from 
the  cesspools  of  Lille,  and  in  the  state  in  which  it  is 
ordinarily  used  in  the  suburbs  of  that  city  as  manure. 
This  matter  was  found  to  contain  on  tlie  average  0'205 
per  cent  of  nitrogen,  and  thus  by  the  rule  observed 
in  drawing  up  the  above  table,  19  512  kilogrammes  of 
it  would  be  neces.sary  to  produce  the  same  eflfect  upon 
one  hectare  of  land  as  the  other  manures  there  men- 
tioned. The  wide  difference  between  this  quantity 
and  that  (1333  kilogrammes)  stated  for  the  mixed 
human  excrements  in  their  undiluted  state,  would 
lead  to  the  conclusion  that  a  very  large  proportion  of 
water  was  present  in  the  matter  sent  from  Lille, 
unless  we  are  to  attribute  a  portion  of  the  difference  to 
the  accidental  circumstance  of  the  bad  quality  of  this 
matter.  It  appears  that  this  is  veiy  variable,  accord- 
ing to  the  style  of  living  of  the  persons  producing  it. 
'Upon  this  subject,'  M.  Paulct  says,  'the  case  of  an 
agriculturist  in  the  neighboxirhood  of  P;iris  is  cited, 
who  bought  the  contents  of  the  cesspools  of  one  of  the 
fashionable  restaurants  of  the  Palais  Royal.  Making 
a  profitable  speculation  of  it,  he  purchased  the  matter 
of  the  cesspools  of  several  baiTacks.  This  bargain, 
however,  resulted  in  a  loss,  for  the  produce  from  this 
last  matter  came  very  short  of  that  given  by  the  first.' 
"  Poudrette  weighs  70  kilogrammes  tbe  hectolitre 
(154  lbs.  per  22  gallons),  and  tlie  quantity  usually 
spread  upon  one  hectare  of  laud  (2^  acres  nearly)  is 
1750  kilogrammes,  being  at  the  rate  of  about  1540  lbs. 
per  acre  English  measure.  It  is  cast  upon  the  laud  by 
the  hand,  in  the  manner  that  corn  is  sown. 

"Poudrette  packed  in  sacks  very  soon  destroys 
them.  This  is  always  the  case,  whether  it  is  whole 
or  has  been  newly  prepared. 

"Asoriovis  accident  occurred  in  1818,  on  board  a 
vessel  named  the  Arthur,  wliich  sailed  from  Rouen 
with  a  cai-go  of  poudrette  for  Guadaloupo.  During 
the  voyage  a  disease  broke  out  on  board  which  can-icd 
off  half  the  crew,  and  left  the  remainder  in  a  deplorable 
state  of  health  when  they  reached  their  destination. 
It  attacked  also  the  men  \A\o  landed  the  cargo  ;  they 
all  suffered  in  a  greater  or  less  degi-eo.  The  poudrette 
was  proved  to  have  been  shipped  dui-ing  a  wet  season, 
and  to  have  been  exposed  before  and  during  sliipment, 
in  a  manner  to  allow  it  to  absorb  a  considerable 
quantity  of  moisture.  The  accident  appeal's  to  havp 
been  due  to  the  subsequent  fermentation  of  tbe  m-ass 
in  the  hold — increased  to  an  intense  degree  by  the 
moistui-c  it  had  acquired,  and  by  the  heat  of  a  tropical 
climate. 

"  M.  Parent  du  Ch3,telet,  to  whom  the  matter  was 
referred,  recommended  that  to  guard  against  similar 
accidents  in  future,  the  poudrette  intended  for  expor- 
tation, in  order  to  deprive  it  entirely  of  humidity, 
should  be  mixed  with  an  absoi-bcnt  powder,  such  as 
quicklime,  and  that  it  should  be  packed  in  casks  to 
protect  it  fi:om  moisture  during  the  voyage." 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


441 


tue  Yoirie.  Tlie  following  account  of  it,  and 
of  the  manufactm-e  of  poudrette,  is  curious  in 
many  respecl^j — 

"  The  area,  which  is  about  40  acres  in  ex- 
tent, is  divided  .into  three  iiregidar  compart- 
ments : — 

*•  1.  The  system  of  basins. 

"  2.  The  ground  used  for  spreading  and 
drying  the  matter. 

"  3.  The  place  where  the  matter  is  heaped 
up  after  having  been  dried. 

"  The  basins,  standing  for  the  most  part  in 
grradations,  one  above  another,  by  reason  of 
the  slope  of  the  ground,  are  six  in  number. 
The  two  upper  ones,  which  are  upon  a  level, 
first  receive  the  soil  upon  its  anival  at  the 
Voirie ;  the  four  others  are  receptacles  for 
the  more  liquid  portion  as  it  gradually  flows 
oflF  from  the  upper  basins. 

"  There  is  a  great  difference  in  the  cha 
racter  of  the  soil  brought ;  that  taken  from 
the  upper  part  of  the  cesspools.,  and  amount- 
ing to  a  lai-ge  proportion  of  the  whole,  being 
entirely  liqvud ;  while  the  remainder  is  more 
or  less  solid,  according  to  the  depth  at  which 
it  is  taken.  The  whole,  however,  during 
winter  or  rainy  weather,  is  indiscriminately 
dei>cisited  in  the  upper  basins;  but  in  dry 
weather,  the  nearly  solid  portion  is  at  once 
thrown  upon  the  drying-ground."  * 

•  "It  is  in  tho  upper  basins,"  adds  tho  Reports, 
"  that  tho  first  separation  of  the  liquids  and  solids 
takes  place,  the  latter  falling  to  the  bottom,  and  the 
former  fjradually  flowing  oflf  through  a  sluice  into  the 
lower  basina  This  first  separation,  however,  is  by  no 
means  complete,  a  considerable  deposit  taking  place 
in  tho  lower  basins.  The  mass  in  the  upper  biwius, 
after  three  or  four  years,  then  appears  like  a  thick 
mud,  half  liquid,  half  solid ;  it  is  of  depth  varying 
from  12  to  16  feet.  In  order  entirely  to  get  rid  of  tho 
liquids,  deep  channels  arc  then  cut  across  the  mass, 
by  which  they  are  drained  off,  when  the  deposit  soon 
becomes  sufficiently  stiff  to  permit  of  its  being  dug 
out  and  spread  upon  tho  drying-grouud,  whei*o,  to 
•Mist  the  desiccation,  it  is  turned  over  two  or  throe 
times  a-day  by  means  of  a  harrow  drawn  by  a  horse. 

"Tho  time  necessary  for  the  requisite  desiccation 
Tiuries  a  good  deal,  according  to  the  season  of  the  year, 
the  temperature,  nnd  the  dry  or  moist  stiite  of  the 
atmosplicre.  Ere  yut  it  is  entirely  deprived  of  hu- 
midity, tho  matter  is  collected  into  heaps,  varying  in 


■ise  usually  from  8  to  10  yards  high,  and  from  CO 

ds  long,     . 
heap*  or  mounds  generally  remain  a  twelvemonth 


to  80 


long,  by  26  or  30  yards  wido.     These 


untouched,  sometimes  even  for  two  or  three  years ; 
bat  as  last  as  the  material  is  required,  they  are 
worked  from  one  of  the  sides  by  means  of  pickaxes, 
■hovela.  and  rakes ;  the  pieces  separated  aro  then 
easily  brokoa  and  reduced  to  powder,  foreign  sub- 
stances being  car^ftilly  cxclufled.     This  oi>emtion 


undergoes,  is  performed 

henappean  like  a  mould 

reaay  to  the  touch,  finely 

^>articular  fiiint  and  nau- 


it^ch  is  tiM  laHt 
bywomen.  Tb 
oragrey-blaekc 
fKrainod,  and  gi< 
seous  odour. 

"  The  finer  paiiialM  of  matter  carried  by  the  liquids 
into  the  lowor  basing  and  ihare  more  gradually  de- 
podtod  in  combination  with  a  predpitato  from  tho 
urine,  yield  a  variety  of  poudreVte,  preCEored,  by  the 
termers,  tot  ita  superior  fertUtzinff  propartios.  In  this 
flaae  the  drying  proooas  is  ooadaeted  more  slowly  and 
wttb  more  difnculty  than  in  the  other,  but  more  com- 
pletaly. 

"  In  general  the  pondrotte  fa  dried  with  groat  diffi- 
calty;  it  a{tpoani  to    have  an  OKtrame  aifiuity  for 


"  The  quantity  of  poudi-ette  sold  in  1818 
as : — 

At  the  Voiiie       ....  50,000  sstiere  * 
Sent  into  the  departments  20,000     „ 


Total  sale 70,000    „ 

at  prices  of  7,  8,  and  9  francs  the  setier. 

"  This  is  equal,  at  the  average  price  of 
8  francs,  to  22,400/.  sterling. 

"  The  refuse  liquids,  as  fast  as  they  over- 
flow the  basins,  or  are  passed  thi-ough  the 
chemical  works,  ai-e  conducted  into  the  public 
sewers,  and  through  them  into  the  Seine, 
neai-ly  opposite  the  Jardin  des  Tlantcs.  They 
thus  fall  into  the  river  at  the  very  commence- 
ment of  its  course  through  Paris,  and  pollute  its 
waters  before  they  have  reached  the  various 
7vorks  lotvei'  down  and  near  the  centre  of  the 
city,  where  they  are  raised  and  distributed  for 
household  purposes,  for  the  supply  of  baths,  and 
for  the  public  fountains. 

"  Eats  are  found  by  thousands  in  the  Yoirie, 
and  theii-  voracity  is  such,  that  I  have  often 
known  them,  duiing  a  single  night,  convert 
into  skeletons  the  carcasses  of  twenty  horses 
which  had  been  brought  thither  the  evening 
before.  The  bones  ai-e  burnt  to  heit  the 
coppers,  or  to  get  rid  of  them. 

•'  Speaking  of  the  disgusting  practices  at  the 
Voirie,  Mr.  Gisquet  says,  •  I  have  seen  men 
stark  naked,  passing  entire  days  in  the  midst 
of  the  basins,  seeking  for  any  objects  of  value 
they  might  contain.  I  have  seen  others  fish- 
ing for  ^e  rotten  fish  the  maiket  inspectors 
had  caused  to  be  thrown  into  the  basins.  Two 
cartloads  of  spoilt  and  stinking  mackerel  were 
thrown  into  the  largest  of  the  basins ;  two 
hovu-s  aftei-wards  all  the  fish  had  disap- 
peared.' 

"  The  emanations  from  the  Voirie  are,  as 
may  well  be  supposed,  most  powerfully  of- 
fensive. To  a  stranger  unaccustomed  to  the 
atmosphere  surrounding  them  it  would  be 
almost  impossible  to  make  the  tour  of  the 
basins  without  being  more  or  less  affected 
with  a  disposition  to  nausea.  Large  and  nu- 
merous bubbles  of  gas  are  seen  constantly 
rising  from  a  lake  of  urine  and  water,  while 
evaporation  of  the  most  foul  description  is 
going  on  from  many  acres  of  surrounding 
ground,  upon  which  the  soUd  matter  is  spread 
to  diy." 

Tho  late  M.  Pai'ent  du  Chatelet,  a  high 
authority  on  this  matter,  stated  (in  1833) 

water ;  few  substances  give  out  moisture  more  slowly, 
or  absorb  it  more  greedily  from  the  air. 

"A  poofl  deal  of  heat  is  Rciicnited  in  the  heaps  of 
deRiatitcd  mutter.  This  is  always  .sensible  to  the  touch, 
and  ■,..itui  iiM< 'J  ri  «iiH.;  in  '^^wntaiieous  combustion. 

rat  is  not  in  proportion  to 
:vc  of  the  atmosphere.    It  is 
!  .  i   1    only  means  of  oxtinguish- 

1  .i;u  it  isouco  developed  is  to  turn  over  tho 

I  'to  bottom,  in  order  to  expose  it  to  tho 

;i:  1       s  mown  upon  it,  unless  in  veiylargo  quau- 

titles,  wi.iild  only  increase  its  activity." 

•  4i  heaped  busholscach,  English  mi.osuro. 


U2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


that  the  emanations  from  the  Voirie  were  in- 
supportable within  a  circumference  of  2000 
metres  (about  a  mile  and  a  quarter,  English 
measure) ;  while  the  winds  can-ied  tliem 
sometimes,  as  was  shown  when  an  official 
inquiry  was  made  as  to  the  ravages  and  causes 
of  cholera,  2^  miles ;  and  in  certain  states  of 
the  atmosphere,  8  French  miles  (not  quite 
5  English  miles).  The  same  high  authority 
has  also  stated,  that  in  addition  to  the  emana- 
tions from  the  cesspool  matter  at  the  Voirie  the 
greater  part  of  the  cai'casses  of  about  12,000 
horses,  and  between  25,000  and  30,000  smaller 
animals,  were  allowed  to  rot  upon  the  ground 
there.' 

To  abate  this  nuisance  a  new  Voirie  was, 
more  than  20  years  since,  formed  in  the 
forest  of  Bondy,  8  miles  from  Paris.  It  con- 
sists of  eight  basins,  four  on  each  side  of  the 
Canal  de  lOurcq,  arranged  like  those  at Mont- 
faucon.  The  area  of  these  basins  is  little 
short  of  96,000  square  yards,  and  their  col- 
lective capacity  upwards  of  261,000  cubic 
yai'ds.  The  expectations  of  the  rehef  that 
would  be  experienced  from  the  establishment 
of  the  new  Voirie  in  the  forest  have  not  been 
realized.  The  movable  cesspools  only  have 
been  conveyed  there,  by  boats  on  the  canal, 
to  be  emptied;  the  empty  casks  being  con- 
veyed back  by  the  same  boats.  The  basins 
are  not  yet  full;  for  the  conveyance  by  the 
Canal  de  I'Ourcq  is  costly,  and  in  winter  its 
traffic  is  sometimes  suspended  by  its  being 
frozen.  In  one  year  the  cost  of  conveying 
these  movable  cesspools  to  Bondy  was  little 
short  of  1500/.  ' 

In  the  latest  Report  on  this  subject  (1835) 
the  Commissioners,  of  whom  M.  Parent  du 
Chatelet  was  one,  recommend  that  all  the 
cessj)ool  matter  at  the  Voiries  should  be  dis- 
infected. M.  Salmon,  after  a  course  of  che- 
mical experiments  (the  Report  of  the  Com- 
mission states),  disinfected  and  carbonized  a 
mass  of  mud  and  filth,  containing  much 
organic  matter,  deposited  (from  a  sewer)  on 
the  banks  of  the  Seine. 

The  Commissioners  say,  "  The  discovery  of 
M.  Salmon  awakened  the  attention  of  the 
contractors  of  IMontfaucon,  who  employed  one 
of  ovir  most  skilful  chemists  to  find  for  them 
a  means  of  disinfection  other  than  that  for 
which  M.  Salmon  had  taken  out  a  patent. 
M.  Sanson  and  some  other  persons  made 
similar  researches,  and  from  then-  joint  in- 
vestigations it  resulted  that  disinfection  might 
be  equally  well  produced  with  turf  ashes,  with 
carbonized  turf,  and  with  the  simple  debris 
of  this  very  abundant  substance;  and  that 
the  same  success  might  be  obtained  with  saw- 
dust, with  the  refuse  matter  of  the  tan-yards, 
■with  garden  mould,  so  abundant  in  the  en- 
virons of  Paris,  and  with  many  other  sub- 
stances. A  curious  experiment  has  even 
shown,  that  after  mixing  with  a  clayey  earth 
a  portion  of  faecal  matter,  it  was  only  neces- 
sary^ to  carbonize  this  mixture  to  obtain  a 


perfect  disinfectant  powder.  Tiieory  had  al- 
ready indicated  the  result. 

This  disinfection,  however,  has  not  been 
carried  out  in  the  Voiiies,  nor  in  the  manu- 
facture of  poudrette. 

From  the  account  of  the  general  refuse 
depositories  of  Paris  we  pass  to  the  particular 
receptacles  or  cesspools  of  the  French  capitid. 

The  Parisian  cesspools  are  of  two  sorts : — 

1.  Fixed  or  excavated  cesspools. 

2.  Movable  cesspools. 

"  In  early  times  the  excavated  cesapools  or 
pits  Avere  consti'ucted  in  the  rudest  manner, 
and  cleaned  out  more  or  less  frequently,  or 
utterly  neglected,  at  the  discretion  of  their 
owners.  As  the  city  increased  in  size,  how- 
ever, and  as  the  penneations  necessaiily 
taking  place  into  the  soil  accumulated  in  the 
lapse  of  centuries,  the  evil  resulting  was  found 
to  be  of  grave  magnitude,  calling  for  prompt 
and  vigorous  interference  on  the  part  of  the 
authorities.  It  appears  certain  that  prior  to 
the  year  1819  (when  a  strict  ordonnance 
was  issued  on  the  subject)  the  cesspools  were 
very  carelessly  constructed.  For  the  most 
part  they  were  far  from  water-tight,  and  very 
probably  were  not  intended  to  be  otherwise. 
Consequently,  nearly  the  whole  of  the  fluid 
matter  within  them  drained  into  the  springs 
beneath  the  substratum,  or  became  absorbed 
by  the  surrounding  soil.  Nor  Avas  this  the 
only  evil :  the  basement  walls  of  the  houses 
became  saturated  with  the  offensive  permea- 
tions, and  the  atmosphere,  more  particularly 
in  the  interior  of  the  dwellings,  tainted  with 
their  exhalations. 

"  The  movable  cesspools,  for  the  most  pai't, 
consist  simply  of  tanks  or  barrels,  which,  when 
fuU,  are  removed  to  some  convenient  spot  for 
the  purpose  of  their  contents  being  discharged. 
This  form  of  cesspool,  though  not  leading  to 
that  contamination  of  the  substratum  which 
is  naturally  induced  by  the  fixed  or  excavated 
cesspool,  may  occasion  many  offensive  nui- 
sances from  carelessness  in  overfilling,  or  in 
the  process  of  emptying.'' 

"The  movable  cesspools  are  of  two  kinds; 
the  one,"  says  Mr.  Rammell,  "  extremely  sim- 
ple and  primitive  in  construction,  the  other 
more  complicated.  The  former  retains  all  the 
refuse,  both  liqviid  and  solid,  passed  into  it ; 
the  latter  retains  only  the  solid  matter,  the 
liquid  being  separated  by  a  sort  of  strainer, 
and  running  oflF  into  another  receptacle. 

"  The  advantage  of  this  separating  ap- 
paratus is,  that  those  cesspools  provided  with 
it  require  to  be  emptied  less  frequently  than 
the  others;  the  solid  matter  being  alone 
retained  in  the  movable  part.  The  liquid 
portion  is  withdrawn  from  the  tank  into  which 
it  is  received  by  pumping. 

"  The  other  kind  of  movable  cesspool  con- 
sists simply  of  a  wooden  cask  set  on  end,  and 
ha\dng  its  top  pierced  to  admit  the  soil-pipe. 
It  is  intended  to  retain  both  soUd  and  liquid 
matter.    When  full,  it  is  detached,   and  the 


THE  BEAEDED   CROSSING-SWEErER  AT   THE 
EXCHANGE. 

IFrom  a  PUotrgrap^.} 


Pago  47  J 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOli. 


443 


•0  in  tho  top  having  been  closed  by  a 
. .  tins  lid  secured  by  an  iron  b;u'  lilace J 
-  •     -   ■  v^vod,  and  an  empty  one  iin- 
ued  for  it. 
1  cesspool  last   described  is 

mucli  liiure  gciioially  usedtliau  the  other  kind; 
very  few  ai-e  furnished  with  the  S;?paiating  ap- 
pai-atus.  But  the  use  of  either  sort,  I  am  told, 
is  not  on  the  increase.  The  movable  cess- 
pools are  found,  on  the  whole,  to  be  more 
expensive  than  the  fixed,  besides  entailing 
•  many  inconveniences,  one  of  which  is  the 
fi-equent  entrance  of  workmen  upon  the  pre- 
mises for  the  pm-pose  of  removing  them,  which 
sometimes  has  to  be  done  every  second  or 
third  day.  Moreover,  if  the  cask  becomes  in 
the  slightest  degree  overchai-god,  there  is  an 
ovorilow  of  matter." 

Ill  Ijod,  the  movable  system  of  cesspools 
(it  a;>pears  from  further  accounts)  seems  to 
be  now  adopted  only  in  tliose  places  where 
fixed  cesspools  could  not  be  altered  in  ac- 
cordance with  the  ordonnance,  or  where  it 
is  desired  to  avoid  the  first  cost  of  a  fixed 
cesspool. 

An  ordonnance  of  1819  enacts  peremptorily 
that  all  cesspools,  fixed  or  excavated,  then 
existiug,  shall  be  altered  in  accordance  with  its 
provi>ions  upon  the  first  subsequent  emptying 
alter  the  date  of  the  enactment,  "  or  if  that  be 
found  impracticable,  they  shall  be  filled  up." 
This  full  delegation  of  power  to  a  centralised 
authority  was  the  example  prompting  om- 
late  stringent  enactments  as  to  buildings  and 
sewerage. 

The  French  ordonnance  provides  also  that 
tho  wails,  ai*ches,  and  bottoms  of  the  cesspools, 
shall  be  constructed  of  a  veiy  hard  descriptiim 
of  stone,  known  as  "pierres  meuli^es"  (mill- 
stone); tho  mortar  used  is  to  be  hydraulic 
lime  and  cleim  river  sand.  Each  arch  is  to  be 
80  to  35  centimetres  (12  to  14  inches)  in 
Uuckness,  and  the  walls  40  to  50  centimetres 
(18  to  20  inches) ;  the  interior  height  not  to 
be  less  than  2  metres  (2  yards  C  inches). 
A  soil-pipe  i.^  always  to  be  placed  in  the 
middie  of  the  cesspool ;  its  interior  diameter 
is  not  to  be  less  than  9|  inches  in  pottery-ware 
piping,  or  7^  inclies  in  cast  iron.  A  vent-pipe, 
not  less  than  9^  inches  in  diameter,  is  to  be 
caiTied  up  to  the  level  of  the  chimney-tops, 
or  to  tliat  of  the  chimneys  of  the  adjoining 
houses.  This  is,  if  possible,  to  divert  the 
smell  from  the  bouse  to  which  the  cesspool 
is  attached. 

"  A  principal  object  of  the  ordonnance;'  it  is 
stated  in  the  iieports,  "was  to  eusme  the 
oessBOols  being  thenceforth  mode  water-tight; 
80  that  ftuther  poUuticm  of  tlie  substratum 

an'    — '- -  -  ht  be  prevented;    and   the 

]!;  iittoinment  have  been  very 

St  \.<w  the  police.     The  present 

(.  ,  in  fact,  water-tight  coustiuctions, 

rr  t      ,!i      ii  •  whole  of  tho  liquids  passed  into 
! :  ui  tlie  some  ore  withdrawn  by  artificial 
The  adrantage  has  its  attendant  in- 


conveniences, and,  moreover,  has  been  dearly 
paid  for ;  for,  independently  of  the  cost  of  tlie 
alterations  and  the  increased  cost  of  making 
the  cesspools  in  tho  outset — the  liquids  no 
longer  djoining  away  by  natural  permeation 
— the  constant  expense  of  emptying  them  has 
enormously  increased.  In  the  better  class  of 
houses,  where  water  is  moi'e  freely  used,  the 
operation  has  now  to  be  repeated  every  three, 
four,  or  five  mouths,  whereas  formerly  the 
cesspool  was  emptied  every  eighteen  mouths 
or  two  yeai's.  An  increased  water  supply  has 
added  to  the  evil,  modei-ate  even  now  as  tho 
extent  of  that  supply  is." 

"  It  is  estimated  that,  in  the  better  class  of 
houses,  the  daily  quantity  of  matter,  including 
the  water  necessary  for  cleanliness  and  to 
ensure  the  passage  of  the  solids  thi-ougli  tlie 
soil-pipe,  passing  into  the  cesspool  from  each 
individual,  amounts  to  If  litre  (308  English 
pints).  Foreign  substances  ai'e  found  in  great 
abundance  in  the  cesspools ;  the  lai-ge  soil- 
pipes  permitting  their  easy  introduction;  so 
that  the  cesspool  becomes  tho  common  re- 
ceptacle for  a  great  vaiiety  of  articles  that  it  is 
desu-ed  secretly  to  get  rid  of.  Ailicle  19  of  the 
Police  Kegulations  directs  that  nightmen  Imd- 
ing  any  ailicles  in  tlie  cesspools,  especially 
such  as  lead  to  the  suspicion  of  a  crime  or 
misdemeanor,  shall  make  a  declai-ation  of  the 
fact  the  same  day  to  a  Commissai-y  of  Police." 

In  all  such  matters  the  pohce  regulations  of 
France  are  fai'  more  stiingent  and  exacting  than 
those  of  England. 

"The  cesspools  vai-y  considerably  in  foul- 
ness," continues  tho  Eeport;  "and  it  is  remark- 
able that  tliose  containiiKj  the  grealest  proportion  of 
water  are  the  most  foul  and  dangerous.  This  is 
accounted  for  by  the  increased  quantity  of  sul- 
phuretted hydrogen  gas  evolved :  and  is  more 
particularly  the  case  where,  from  their  large 
size,  or  from  the  small  number  of  people  using 
them,  much  time  is  allowed  for  the  matter  to 
stagnate  and  decompose  in  them.  Soap-suds 
are  said  to  add  materially  to  their  otlensive 
aud  dangerous  contlition.  2Vtc  foulness  of  the 
cesspools,  therefore,  would  appear  to  be  in  direct 
in-oporlion  to  the  cleanly  habits  of  the  inmates 
of  tlie  houses  to  tvhich  they  respectively  belong. 
"VVhere  m-ine  predominates  ammoniacal  va- 
pours are  given  ofl"  in  considerable  quantities, 
and  although  these  alfect  tlie  eyes  of  those  ex- 
posed to  them — and  the  nightmen  sufier  much 
from  inflammation  of  these  organs — ^no  danger 
to  life  results.  The  iniiammation,  however,  is 
often  suificioiitly  acute  to  produce  temporary 
blindness,  and  from  this  cause  the  men  are  at 
times  thrown  out  of  work  for  days  together."  * 
•  I  did  not  hoar  any  of  tbe  London  nightmen  or 
scwcrmcu  complain  of  inflamuiatiou  in  tho  eyes,  aud 
no  auch  effect  was  visible  ;  nor  that  they  Knflurcd  from 
teiiiiwrary  blindness,  or  were,  indctd,.  thrown  out  of 
work  from  any  such  cause;  they  merely  remarked 
tlii't  thoy  wore  first  dazzled,  or  "daiai,"  with  tho 
soil.  But  the  Labour  of  Iho  rarisian  is  lUr  mure  conti- 
nuous ami  rc^nilar  than  the  f-ondon  nii,'htuian,  owing 
in  a  (froat  degree  to  tho  system  of  movable  ce$8j>ool8 
in  Puria. 


Ul 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  emptying  of  the  cesspools  is  the  next 
point  to  be  considered. 

No  cesspool  is  allowed  to  be  emptied  in  Paris, 
and  no  nightman's  cart,  containing  soil,  is  al- 
lowed to  be  in  the  streets  from  8  a.m.  to  10 
P.M.  from  October  1st  to  March  31st,  nor 
from  6  A.M.  to  11  p.m.  from  April  1st  to  Sep- 
tember 30th.  In  the  winter  season  the  hours 
of  labour  permitted  by  law  are  ten,  and  in  the 
summer  season  seven,  out  of  the  twenty-four ; 
while  in  London  the  hours  of  night- work  are 
limited  to  five,  without  any  distinction  of  sea- 
son. These  hours,  however,  only  relate  to  the 
cleansing  of  the  fixed  cesspools  of  Paris. 

Fixed  or  excavated  cesspools  ai-e  emptied 
into  carts,  which  are  driven  to  the  receptacles. 
As  far  as  regards  the  removal  of  night-soil 
along  the  streets,  there  are  far  more  frequent 
complaints  of  stench  and  annoyance  in  Paris 
than  in  London.  None  of  these  cesspools  can 
be  emptied  without  authority  from  the  police, 
and  the  police  exercise  a  vigilant  supervision 
over  the  whole  aiTangements ;  neither  can  any 
cesspool,  after  being  emptied,  be  closed  without 
a  written  authority,  after  inspection,  by  the 
Director  of  Health;  nor  can  a  cesspool,  if 
found  defective  when  emptied,  be  repaired 
without  such  authority. 

"  With  regard  to  the  movable  cesspool,"  it 
is  reported,  "  the  process  of  emptjing  is  veiy 
simple,  though  undoubtedly  demanding  a  con- 
siderable expenditure  of  labour.  The  tank  or 
barrel,  when  filled,  is  disconnected  from  the 
soil-pipe,  an  empty  one  being  immediately  sub- 
stituted in  its  place,  and  the  bung-hole  being 
securely  closed,  it  is  conveyed  away  on  a  vehicle, 
somewhat  resembling  a  brewer's  dray  (which 
holds  about  eight  or  ten  of  them),  to  the  spot 
appointed  as  the  depository  of  its  discharged 
contents.  The  removal  of  movable  cesspools 
is  allowed  to  take  place  during  the  day." 

In  openinnj  a  cesspool  in  Paris,  precautions 
are  always  taken  to  prevent  accidents  which 
might  result  from  the  escape  or  ignition  of  the 


The  general,  not  to  say  universal,  mode  of 
emptying  the  fixed  or  excavated  cesspools  is  to 
pump  the  contents  into  closed  carts  for  trans- 
port. 

"  This  operation  is,"  says  Mr.  Eammell, 
"  performed  with  two  descriptions  of  pumps,  one 
working  on  what  may  be  called  the  hydraulic 
principle,  the  other  on  the  pneumatic.  In  the 
former,  the  valves  are  placed  in  the  pipe  com- 
municating between  the  cesspool  and  the  cart, 
and  the  matter  itself  is  pumped.  In  the  latter, 
the  valves  are  placed  beyond  the  cart,  and  the 
air  being  pumped  out  of  the  cart,  the  matter 
flows  into  it  to  fill  up  the  vacuum  so  occa- 
sioned. The  real  principle  is  of  course  the 
same  in  both  cases,  the  matter  being  forced  up 
by  atmospheric  pressure.  One  advantage  of 
the  pneumatic  system  is,  that  there  are  no 
valves  to  impede  the  free  passage  of  matter 
through  the  suction-pipe;  another,  that  it  per- 
mits the  use  of  a  pipe  of  larger  diameter. 


"  The  cart  employed  for  the  pneumatic  sys- 
tem  consists  of  an  iron  cylinder,  mounted 
sometimes  upon  four,  but  generally  upon  two 
wheels,  the  latter  arrangement  being  found  to 
be  the  more  convenient.  Previous  to  use  at 
the  cesspool,  the  carts  are  drawn  to  a  branch 
establishment,  situate  just  within  the  Barri6re 
du  Combat,  where  they  are  exhausted  of  air 
with  an  air-pump,  worked  by  steam  power.  A 
12-horse  engine  erected  there  is  capable  of  ex- 
hausting five  carts  at  the  same  time;  the  vacuum 
produced  being  equal  to  28f  inches  (72  centi- 
metres) of  mercury.  A  cart  (in  good  repair, 
and  upon  two  wheels)  will  preserve  a  practical 
vacuum  for  48  hours  after  exhaustion." 

The  total  weight  of  one  of  these  carts  when 
full  is  about  3  tons  and  8  cwt.  This  is  some- 
what more  than  the  weight  of  the  contents  of 
a  London  waggon  employed  in  night-soil  car- 
riage.    Three  horses  are  attached  to  each  cart. 

When  an  opening  into  the  cesspool  has  been 
effected,  a  suction-pipe  on  the  pneumatic  prin- 
ciple is  laid  from  the  cesspool  to  the  cart. 
This  pipe  is  3j|  inches  in  diameter,  and  is  in 
separate  pieces  of  about  10  feet  each,  with 
others  shorter  (down  even  to  1  foot),  to 
make  up  any  exact  length  requu'ed.  Two 
kinds  are  commonly  used;  one  made  of  leather, 
having  iron  wire  wound  spirally  inside  to  pre- 
vent collapse,  the  other  of  copper.  The  leather 
pipe  is  used  where  a  certain  degree  of  pliabi- 
lity is  required;  the  copper  for  the  straight 
parts  of  the  line,  and  for  determined  cui-ves ; 
pieces  struck  from  various  radii  being  made 
for  the  purpose. 

Gutta-percha  has  been  tried  as  a  substitute 
for  leather  in  the  piping,  but  was  pronounced 
liable  to  split,  and  its  use  was  abandoned.  So 
with  India-rubber  in  London. 

The  communication  between  the  suction- 
pipe  and  the  vehicle  used  by  the  nightmen  is 
opened  by  withdrawing  a  plug  by  means  of  a 
forked  rod  into  the  "  recess"  (hollow)  of  the 
machine,  an  operation  tasking  the  muscu- 
lar powers  of  two  men.  This  done,  the  cess- 
pool contents  rush  into  the  cart,  being  forced 
up  by  the  weight  of  the  atmosphere  to  occupy 
the  existing  vacuum;  this  occupies  about 
three  minutes.  The  cart,  however,  is  then  but 
three-fourths  filled  with  matter,  the  remaining 
fourth  being  occupied  by  the  rarefied  air  pre- 
viously in  the  cart,  and  by  the  air  contained  in 
the  suction-pipe.  This  air  is  next  withdrawn 
by  the  action  of  a  small  air-pump,  worked  usu- 
ally by  two,  but  sometimes  by  one  man.  The 
air-pump  is  placed  on  the  ground  at  a  little  dis- 
tance from  the  cesspool  cart,  and  communi- 
cates with  it  by  a  flexible  India-rubber  tube,  an 
inch  in  diameter.  The  air,  as  fast  as  it  is 
pumped  out,  is  forced  through  another  India- 
rubber  tube  of  similar  dimensions,  which  com- 
municates with  a  furnace,  also  placed  on  the 
ground  at  a  little  distance  from  the  air-pump, 
the  pump  occupying  the  middle  space  between 
the  cart  and  the  furnace,  the  furnace  and  the 
pump  being  portable.     To  asceilain  when  the 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


4Ab 


vehicle  is  full,  a  short  glass  tube  is  inserted  iu 
the  end  of  the  air-pipe  (the  end  being  of 
brass),  and  through  this,  with  the  help  of  a 
small  lantern,  the  matter  is  seen  to  rise. 

"  The  number  of  carts  required  for  each 
operation,"  states  Mr.  Rammell, "  of  course  va- 
ries according  to  the  size  of  the  cesspool  to  be 
emptied;  but  as  these  contain  on  the  average 
about  five  cart-loads,  that  is  the  number  usu- 
ally sent.* 

"  In  addition  to  the  carts  for  the  transport 
of  the  night-soil,  a  light-covered  spring  van 
drawn  by  one  horse  is  used  to  carry  the  tools, 
<fec.,  reqxiired  in  the  process. 

"  These  tools  consist  of — 

"1.  An  air-pump  when  the  work  is  to  be 
done  on  the  pneumatic  system,  and  of  an  hy- 
draulic pimip  when  it  is  to  be  done  on  the 
hydraulic  system. 

"  2.  About  50  metres  of  suction-pipe  of  va- 
rious forms  and  lengths. 

♦*  3,  A  furnace  for  the  purpose  of  burning 
the  gases. 

♦'  4.  Wooden  hods  for  the  removal  of  the 
solid  night-soil. 

♦'  5.  Pails,  a  ladder,  pincers,  levers,  ham- 
mers, and  other  articles." 

I  have  hitherto  spoken  of  the  Pneumatic 
System  of  emptying  the  Parisian  cesspools. 
The  results  of-  the  Hydraulic  System  are  so 
similar,  as  regards  time,  &c.,  that  only  a  brief 
notice  is  required.  The  hydraulic  pump  is 
worked  by  four  men ;  it  is  placed  on  the  ground 
in  the  place  most  convenient  for  the  operation, 
and  the  cart  is  filled  in  the  space  of  from  three 
to  five  minutes. 

A  furnace  is  used. 

"  The  furnace,"  says  the  Report,  "  consists 
of  a  sheet-iron  cylinder,  about  nine  inches  iu 
diameter,  pierced  with  small  holes,  and  covered 
with  a  conical  cap  to  prevent  the  flame  spread- 
ing. The  vent-pipe  first  communicates  under- 
neath with  a  small  reservoir,  intended  to 
contain  the  matter  in  case  the  operation 
should  be  carried  too  far.  A  piece  is  inserted 
in  the  bottom  of  this  reservoir,  by  imscrewing 
which  it  may  be  emptied.  The  furnace  is 
sometimes  fixed  upon  a  plank,  which  rests 
upon  two  projecting  pieces  behind  the  cart." 

An  indicator  is  also  used  to  show  the  advance- 
ment of  the  filling  of  the  cart ;  a  glass  tube 
and  a  cork  float  are  the  chief  portions  of  the 
apparatus  of  the  indicator. 

•*  Towards  the  end  of  tho  operation,  when 
the  quantity  of  matter  remaining  in  the  cess- 
pool, although  sufficiently  fluid,  is  too  shallow 


*  It  must  be  reooUaeted,  to  aooooni  for  the  grroator 
qunntity  of  nwttor  between  the  oeeepools  of  Paris  a;id 
Londoit.  that  the  French  flxod  oeaipool,  from  tho 
(ppeater  aTenge  of  inmate*  to  each  hotuc,  must  ncces- 
■artty  oontain  about  three  times  axkl  a  half  as  much  as 
that  oS  a  London  ceeepooL  If  the  dwellers  In  a 
Farialaa  botiae^  instead  of  aventginff  twenty- four, 
aven^irad  between  seren  and  eight,  as  m  London,  the 
ecaspool  contents  In  Paris  would,  at  the  above  rate, 
be  between  ftmr  and  five  tons  (as  it  is  in  London)  for 
the  aTen«e  of  aaeh  house. 


for  pumping,  it  is  scooped  into  a  lai-ge  pail; 
and,  the  end  of  the  suction-pipe  being  intro- 
duced, drawn  up  into  the  cart.  "When  the 
matter  is  in  too  solid  a  state  to  pass  through 
the  pipe,  it  is  carried  to  the  cart  in  hods,  un- 
less it  is  in  considerable  quantity.  In  that 
case  it  is  removed  in  vessels  called  tinettes, 
in  the  shape  of  a  truncated  cone,  holding 
each  about  3^  cubic  feet.  These  vessels  ore 
closed  with  a  lid,  and  are  lil'ted  into  an  opeu 
waggon  for  transport." 

Of  these  two  systems  the  pneumatic  is  the 
more  costly,  and  is  likely  to  be  supplanted  by 
the  hydraulic.  Each  system,  according  to  Mr. 
Rammell,  is  still  a  nuisance,  as,  in  spite  of 
every  precaution,  the  gases  escape  tlie  moment 
the  cesspool  emptying  is  commenced,  and 
vitiate  the  atmosphere.  They  force  their  way 
very  often  through  the  joints  of  the  pipes,  and 
are  insufficiently  consumed  in  the  furnaces. 
Mr.  BammeU  mentions  his  having  twice, 
after  witnessing  two  of  tliese  operations,  suf- 
fered from  attacks  of  illness.  On  the  first 
occasion,  the  men  omitted  to  burn  the  foul 
air,  and  the  atmosphere  being  heavy  with 
moisture,  the  odour  was  so  intense  that  it  was 
smelt  from  the  Rue  du  Port  Mahon  to  the  Rue 
Menars,  more  than  400  yards  distant. 

The  emptying  of  the  cesspools  is  let  by  con- 
tract, the  commune  acting  in  the  light  of  a 
proprietor.  To  obtain  a  contract,  a  man  must 
have  license  or  permission  from  the  prefect  of 
police,  and  such  license  is  only  granted  after 
proof  that  the  applicant  is  provided  with  the 
necessary  apparatus,  carts,  &c.,  and  also  with 
a  suitable  dep6t  for  tho  reception  of  the 
pumps,  carts,  &c.,  when  not  in  use.  The 
stock-in-trade  of  a  contractor  is  inspected  at 
least  t^vice  a-year,  and  if  found  inadequate  or 
out  of  repair  the  license  is  commonly  with- 
drawn. The  "gangs'"  of  nightmen  employed 
by  the  contractors  are  fixed  by  the  law  at  four 
men  each  (the  number  employed  in  Loudon), 
but  without  any  legal  provision  on  the  subject. 
The  terms  of  these  contracts  are  not  stated, 
but  they  appear  to  have  ceased  to  be  under- 
takings by  individual  capitalists,  being  all  in 
the  hands  of  companies,  known  as  compagnies 
dc  vidanges  (filth  companies).  There  are  now 
eight  companies  in  Paris  carrying  on  these 
operations.  More  than  half  of  tho  wliole 
work,  however,  is  accomplished  by  one  com- 
pany, the  *'  Compagnie  Richer."  The  capital 
invested  in  their  working  stock  is  said  to  ex- 
ceed 4,800,000  francs  (200,000/.).  They  now 
require  the  labour  of  350  horses,  and  the  use 
of  120  vehicles  of  different  descriptions. 

The  construction  of  a  cesspool  in  Paris  costs 
about  18/.  as  an  average.  The  houses  con- 
taining from  30  to  70  inmates  may  have  two, 
and  occasionally  more,  cesspools.  Taking  the 
average  at  one  and  a  half,  the  capital  sunk  in  a 
cesspool  is  27/.     Mr.  Rammell  says : — 

"  Adopting  these  calculations  of  the  number 
of  cesspools  to  each  house,  and  their  cost,  and 
allowing  only  the  small  quantity  of  1 J  htre  (308 


Ufi 


LONDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pints)  of  matter  to  each  individual,  the  annual 
expense  of  the  cesspool  system  in  Paris,  per 
house  containing  24  persons,  ■will  he, — 

"  For  interest,  at  0  per  cent  upon  capital 
sunlc  in  works  of  consti-uction,  1/.  7s. 

"  For  extraction  and  removal  of  matter, 
5/.  lis. 

"  Total,  01.  JSs. 

"  The  annual  expense  per  inhahitant  will  he 
5s.  Qd. 

"  The  latter,  tlien,  may  he  taken  as  the 
average  yeaiiy  sum  per  head  actually  paid  hy 
that  portion  of  the  inhahitants  of  Paris  who 
use  the  cesspools." 

The  follomng,  among  others  hefore  shown, 
are  the  conclusions  aiTived  at  hy  Mr.  Eam- 
mell: — 

1.  "  That  vdih  the  most  perfect  regulations, 
and  the  application  of  machines  constructed 
upon  scientific  principles,  the  operation  of 
emptying  ces5i)oolsis  stUl  a  nuisance,  not  only 
to  the  inmates  of  the  house  to  which  it  belongs, 
hut  to  those  of  the  neighbouring  houses,  and 
to  persons  passing  in  the  street. 

2.  "  That  the  cesspool  system  of  Paris  pre- 
sents an  obstacle  to  the  proper  extension  of 
tlie  water  supply,  and  consequently  represses 
the  growth  of  habits  of  personal  and  domestic 
cleanliness,  mth  their  immense  moral  results; 
and  that  in  this  respect  it  may  be  said  to  be 
inconsistent  with  a  high  degree  of  civilization 
of  the  masses  of  any  commmiity. 

3.  '•  That,  comx)ared  with  a  tubuLir  system  of 
refuse  drainage,  it  is  an  exceedingly  expensive 
mode  of  disposing  of  the  faecal  refuse  of  a  town." 

Of  the  Emptying  or  the  London  Cesspools 
BY  Pump  xVND  Hose. 

Having  now  ascertained  the  quantity  of  v/et 
house-refuse  annually  deposited  in  the  cess- 
pools of  the  metropolis,  the  next  step  is  to 
show  the  means  by  which  these  15,000,000 
cubic  feet  of  cesspoolage  are  removed,  and 
whence  they  are  conveyed,  as  well  as  the  con- 
dition of  the  labourers  engaged  in  the  business. 
There  are  two  methods  of  removing  the  soil 
from  the  tanks  : — 

1.  By  pump  and  hose,  or  the  hydraulic 
method ; 

2.  By  shovel  and  tube,  or  manual  labour. 
The  first  of  these  is  the  new  French  mode, 

and  the  other  the  old  English  method  of  per- 
forming the  work.  The  distinctive  feature  be- 
tween the  two  is,  that  in  the  one  case  the  refuse 
is  discharged  by  means  of  pipes  into  the  sewers, 
and  in  the  other  that  it  is  conveyed  hy  means 
of  carts  to  some  distant  night-yard. 

According  to  the  French  method,  therefore, 
the  cesspoolage  ultimately  becomes  sewage,  the 
refuse  being  deposited  in  a  cesspool  fora  greater 
or  a  less  space  of  time,  and  finally  discharged 
into  the  sewers ;  so  that  it  is  a  kind  of  inter- 
mediate process  between  the  cesspool  system 
and  the  sewer  system  of  defecating  a  town, 
being,  as  it  were,  a  compound  of  the  two. 


The  great  advantage  of  the  sewer  system,  as 
contradistinguished  from  the  cesspool  system 
of  defecation,  is,  that  it  admits  of  the  wet  refuse 
being  removed  from  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
house  as  soon  as  it  is  produced ;  while  the  ad- 
vantage of  the  cesspool  system,  as  contra- 
distinguished from  the  sewer  system,  is,  that  it 
prevents  the  contamination  of  the  river  whence 
the  town  draws  its  principal  supply  of  water. 
The  cesspool  system  of  defecation  remedies 
the  main  evil  of  the  sewer  system,  and  the 
sower  system  the  main  evil  of  the  cesspool 
system.  The  French  mode  of  emptying  cess- 
pools, however,  appears  to  have  the  peculiar 
property  of  combining  the  ill  eflects  of  both 
systems  without  the  advantages  of  either.  The 
refuse  of  the  house  not  only  remains  rotting 
and  seething  for  months  under  the  noses  of  the 
household,  but  it  is  ultimately — that  is,  after 
more  than  a  year's  decomposition — washed  into 
the  stream  from  which  the  inhabitants  are  sup- 
plied with  water,  and  so  returned  to  them  di- 
luted in  the  form  of  aqua  pura,  for  washing, 
cooking,  or  drinldng.  The  sole  benefit  accru- 
ing from  the  French  mode  of  nightmauship  is, 
that  it  performs  a  noisome  operation  in  a  com- 
paratively cleanly  manner;  but  surely  this  is  a 
small  compensation  forthe  evils  attendant  upon 
it.  The  noses  of  those  who  prefer  stagnant  cess- 
pools to  rapid  sewers  cannot  be  so  particularly 
sensitive,  that  for  the  sake  of  avoiding  the  smell 
of  the  nightman's  cart  they  would  rather  that 
its  contents  should  be  discharged  into  the 
Avater  that  they  use  for  household  purposes. 

The  hydraulic  or  pump-and  hose  method  of 
emptying  the  cesspools  is  now  practised  by  the 
Court  of  Sewers,  who  introduced  the  process 
into  London  in  the  winter  of  1847.  The  ap- 
paratus used  in  this  country  consists  of  an 
hydraulic  pump,  which  is  generally  placed  six 
or  eight  feet  distant  from,  but  sometimes  close 
to,  the  cesspool  —  indeed,  on  its  edge.  It  is 
worked  by  two  men,  "just  up  and  down,"  as 
one  of  the  labourers  described  it  to  me,  "  like  a 
fire-engine."  A  suction-pipe,  with  an  iron 
nozzle,  is  placed  in  the  cesspool,  into  which  is 
first  introduced  a  deodorising  fluid,  in  the  pro- 
portion, as  well  as  can  be  estimated,  of  a  pint 
to  a  square  yard  of  matter,  and  diluted  with 
water  from  the  fire-plugs. 

The  pipes  are  of  leather,  the  suction-pipes 
being  wrapped  with  spring-iron  wire  at  the 
joints.  India-rubber  pipes  were  used,  and 
"  answered  veiy  tidy,"  one  of  the  gangers  told 
me,  but  they  were  too  expensive,  the  mateiial 
being  soon  worn  out :  they  were  only  tried  five 
or  six  months.  The  pipes  now  employed  difier 
in  no  respect  of  size  or  appearance  from  the 
leathern  fire-engine  pipes;  and  as  the  work  is 
always  done  in  the  daytime,  and  no  smell  arises 
from  it,  the  neighbourhood  is  often  alanned,and 
people  begin  to  ask  where  the  fire  is.  One  out- 
sideman  said, "  Why,  that's  always  asked.  I've 
been  asked — ay,  I  dare  say  a  hundred  times 
in  a  day — 'Where's  the  fire?  where's  the 
fire ? '"    A  cesspool,  by  this  process,  has .b§en 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


447 


emptied  into  a  sewer  at  300  yards  distant. 
The  pipe  is  placed  within  the  nearest  giillyhole, 
down  which  the  matter  is  washed  into  the 
sewer.  "When  the  cesspool  is  emptied,  it  is 
well  sluiced  with  water ;  the  water  is  pumped 
into  the  sewer,  and  then  the  work  is  complete. 

The  pumping  is  occasionally  very  hard  work, 
making  the  shoulders  and  backache  grievously; 
indeed,  some  cesspools  have  been  foimd  so  long 
neglected,  and  so  choked  with  rags  and  rub- 
bish, that  manual  labour  had  to  be  resorted  to, 
and  the  matter  dug  and  tubbed  out,  after  the 
old  mode  of  the  nightmen.  A  square  yard  of 
cesspoolage  is  cleared  out,  under  ordinary  cir- 
cumstances, in  an  hour ;  while  an  average  dura- 
tion of  time  for  the  cleansing  of  a  regularly- 
sized  cesspool  is  from  three  to  fotu:  hours. 

A  pneumatic  pump,  with  an  iron  cai't,  drawn 
by  two  horses  (similar  to  the  French  inven- 
tion), was  tried  as  an  experiment,  but  discon- 
tinued in  a  fortnight. 

For  the  hydraulic  method  of  emptying  cess- 
pools, a  gang  of  four  men,  under  the  direction 
of  a  ganger,  who  makes  a  fifth,  is  required. 

The  division  of  labour  is  as  follows  : — 

1.  The  pumpmen,  who,  as  their  name  im- 
plies, work  the  engine  or  pumps. 

2.  The  holeman,  who  goes  into  the  cesspool 
and  stirs  up  the  matter,  so  as  to  make  it  as  fluid 
as  possible. 

3.  The  outsideman,  whose  business  it  is  to 
attend  to  the  pipe,  which  reaches  from  the  cess"- 
pool,  along  the  suiface  of  the  street,  or  other 
place,  to  the  gullyhole. 

4.  The  ganger,  who  is  the  superintendent 
of  the  whole,  and  is  only  sometimes  present  at 
the  operation ;  he  is  not  nnfrequently  engaged, 
while  one  cesspool  is  being  emptied,  in  making 
an  examination  or  any  necessary  arrangement 
for  the  opening  of  another.  He  also  gives 
notice  (acting  under  the  instruction  of  the  clerk 
of  the  works)  to  the  water  company  of  the  dis- 
trict, that  the  t '•}}  be  at  work  in  this  or 

that  place,  a  :  rally  given  a  day  in 

.advance,  and  ti'  -applied  gratuitously, 

from  a  street  lue-plug,  and  used  at  discretion, 
some  cesspool  contents  requiring  tliree  times 
more  water  than  others  to  liquefy  them  suf- 
ficient for  pumping. 

The  cesspool-pumping  gangs  are  six  in  num- 
ber,  each  consisting  of  five  men,  although  the 
**  ontsideman"  is  sometimes  a  srti-ong  youth  of 
seventeen  or  eighteen.  'V  '  'work  is 
done  by  a  contractor,  v!  n  agree- 

ment with  the  Court  of  S  finds  the 

neoewary  apparatus,  appointing  his  own  la- 
bourera.  All  tho  prefs^nt  labourers,  however, 
harebevMi  long 

the  flnsl  '  in 

the  recoi:.— .-    .  iks, 

or  the  inspector.  The  cesspool-sewermen  work 
in  six  districts.  Two  divisions  ( east  and  west) 
of  Westminster;  Finsbury  and  Holbora; 
Surrey  and  Kent;  Tower  Hamlets  (now  in- 
cluding Poplar)  ;  and  the  City.  The  districts 
vary  in  size,  but  there  is  usually  a  gang  devoted 


to  each:  in  case  of  emergency,  however,  a 
gang  from  another  distinct  (as  among  the 
tiushermen)  is  sent  to  expedite  any  pressing 
wo:.k.  All  the  men  are  paid  by  the  job,  tiie 
payment  being  2s.  each  per  job,  to  the  pump- 
men and  holeman,  and  35.  to  the  ganger; 
but  in  addition  to  the  2s.  per  job,  the  holeman 
has  Orf.  a-day  extra ;  and  the  outsideman  has 
6rf.  a-day  deducted  from  the  4s.  he  would  earn 
in  two  jobs,  which  is  a  frequent  day's  work. 
The  men  told  me  that  they  had  four  or  four  and 
a-lialf  days'  work  (or  eight  or  nine  jobs)  every 
week;  but  such  was  the  case  more  pailicu- 
larly  when  the  householders  were  less  cog- 
nizant of  the  work,  and  did  not  think  of 
resorting  to  it ;  now,  I  am  assured,  the  men's 
average  emploj-ment  may  be  put  at  five  days 
a  week,  or  ten  jobs. 

The  perquisites  of  these  workmen  are  none, 
except  the  householder  sends  them  some  re- 
freshment on  his  own  accord.  There  may  be 
a  perquisite,  but  very  rarely,  occurring  to  the 
holeman,  should  he  find  anytliing  in  the  soil ; 
but  the  finding  is  far  less  common  than  among 
the  nightmen,  with  whom  the  process  goes 
through  difterent  stages.  I  did  not  hear  among 
cesspool-sewemaen  of  anything  being  found 
by  them  or  by  their  comrades ;  of  com'se,  when 
the  soil  is  once  absorbed  into  the  pipe,  it  is 
unseen  on  its  course  of  deposit  down  the 
gullyhole. 

The  men  have  no  trade  societies,  and  no 
arrangements  of  any  equivalent  nature ;  no 
benefit  clubs  or  sick  clubs,  for  which  their 
number,  indeed,  is  too  small ;  or,  as  my  in- 
formant sometimes  wound  up  in  a  climax, 
"  No,  nothing  that  way,  sir."  They  are  sober 
and  industrious  men,  chiefly  married,  and  with 
families.  Into  further  statistics,  however,  of 
diet,  rent,  (fcc,  I  need  not  enter,  concerning  so 
small  a  body ;  they  are  the  same  as  among 
other  well-conducted  labourers. 

The  men  find  their  own  dresses,  which  are 
of  the  same  cost,  form,  and  material  as  I  have 
described  to  pertain  to  the  flushcrmcn ;  also 
their  own  "picks"  and  shovels,  costing  re- 
spectively 2s.  6rf.  and  2s.  Zd.  each. 

One  ccsspool-sewerman  told  mo,  that  when 
he  was  first  a  member  of  one  of  those  gangs  he 
was  "awful  abused"  by  the  "regular  night- 
men," if  he  came  across  any  of  them  "  as  was 
beery,  poor  fellows ; "  but  that  had  all  passed 
over  now. 

The  total  sum  paid  to  tlie  six  gangs  of  la^- 
bourers  in  the  course  of  the  year  would,  at  tho 
rate  often  cesspools  emptied  per  week,  amount 
to  the  following : — 

Yearly  Total. 

12  pumpmen,  10  jobs  a- week  each, 
20».  per  week,  or  52/.  per  year,  each  .        iln24 

0  holemen,  ditto,  ditto,  with  25.  Crf. 
a-week  extra 351 

0  outsidemen,  20s.  a-week,  less  by 
(\d.  a-day,  or  2s.  6rf.  a-week,  45/.  10s. 

a-year 290 

Carried  forward  .        .      i;i271 


448 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Ycarlv  Total. 
Brought  forward  .        .        .       jgl^Tl 
C  gangers,  30s.  a-week  each,  or  "^8/. 
per  year 4C8 


£1739 
Any  householder,  <S:e.,  who  applies  to  the 
Court  of  Sewers,  or  to  any  officer  of  the  court 
whom  he  may  know,  has  his  cesspool  cleansed 
hy  the  hydi-aulic  method,  in  the  same  way  as 
lie  might  employ  any  tradesman  to  do  any 
description  of  work  proper  to  his  calHng.  The 
charge  (by  the  Court  of  Sewers)  is  5s,  or  Cs. 
per  squai'e  yard,  according  to  pipeage,  &c. 
required ;  a  cesspool  emptied  by  this  system 
costs  from  20s.  to  30s.  The  charges  of  the 
uightmen,  who  have  to  employ  horses,  &c.,  ai-e 
necessarily  higher. 

Estimating  that  throughout  London 
60  cesspools  are  emptied  hy  the  hy- 
draulic method  every  week,  or  3120 
every  year,  and  the  charge  for  each  to 
be  on  an  average  25s.,  we  have  for  the 
gross  receipts       .        .      3120  x  25s.  =£3900 

And  deducting  from  this  the  sum 
paid  for  laboiu: 1739 

It  shows  a  profit  of  .        .        .        .  jg2161 

This  is  upwards  of  123  per  cent;  but  out 
of  this,  interest  on  capital  and  wear  and  tear 
of  machinery  have  to  be  paid. 

During  the  year  1851,  I  am  credibly  in- 
formed that  as  many  as  3000  sewers  were 
emptied  by  the  hydraulic  process  ;  and  calcu- 
lating each  to  have  contained  the  average 
quantity  of  refuse,  viz.  five  tons  or  load?,  or 
about  180  cubic  feet,  we  have  an  aggregate  of 
540,000  cubic  feet  of  cesspoolage  ultimately 
carried  off  hy  the  sewers.  This,  however,  is 
only  a  twenty-seventh  of  the  entire  quantity. 

The  sura  paid  in  wages  to  the  men  engaged 
in  emptying  these  3000  cesspools  hy  the  hy- 
draulic process  woiild,  at  the  rate  of  2s.  per 
man  to  the  four  members  of  the  gang,  and 
3s.  to  the  ganger,  or  11*.  in  all  for  each  cess- 
pool, amount  to  16501.,  which  is  139/.  and  250 
cesspools  less  than  the  amount  above  given. 

Statement  of  a  Cesspool-Seweeman. 

I  GIVE  the  following  brief  and  characteristic 
statement,  which  is  peculiar  in  showing  the 
habitual  restlessness  of  the  mere  labourer.  My 
informant  was  a  stout,  hale-looldng  man,  who 
had  rarely  known  illness.  Ail  these  sort  of 
labom-ers  (nightmen  included)  scout  the  notion 
of  the  cholera  attacking  them  ! 

"  Work,  sir  ?  Well,  I  think  I  do  know  what 
work  is,  and  has  known  it  since  I  was  a  child ; 
and  then  I  was  set  to  help  at  the  weaving.  My 
friends  were  weavers  at  Norwich,  and  2(>  years 
ago,  until  steam  pulled  working  men  down  from 
being  weU  paid  and  well  off,  it  was  a  capital 
trade.  Why,  my  father  could  sometimes  earn 
3/.  at  his  work  as  a  working  weaver;  there  was 


money  for  ever  then ;  now  12s.  a-week  is,  I  bet 
lieve,  the  tip-top  earnings  of  his  trade.  But 
I  didn't  like  the  confinement  or  the  close  air  in 
the  factories,  and  so,  when  I  grew  big  enough, 
I  went  to  ground-work  in  the  city  (so  he  fre- 
quently called  Norwich);  I  call  ground- work 
such  as  digging  drains  and  the  like.  Then 
I  'listed  into  the  Marines.  Oh,  I  hardly  know 
wlmt  made  me ;  men  does  foolish  things  and 
don't  know  why  ;  it's  human  natur.  I'm  sure 
it  wasn't  the  bounty  of  3/.  that  tempted  me, 
for  I  was  doing  middling,  and  sometimes  had 
night-work  as  well  as  ground-work  to  do. 
I  was  then  sent  to  Sheerness  and  put  on 
board  the  Thunderer  man-of-war,  carrying  84 
guns,  as  a  marine.  She  sailed  through  the 
Straits  (of  Gibraltar),  and  was  three  years 
and  three  months  blockading  the  Dardanelles, 
and  cruising  among  the  islands.  I  never  saw 
anything  like  such  fortifications  as  at  the  Dar- 
danelles ;  why,  there  was  mortars  there  as 
would  throw  a  ton  weight.  No,  I  never  heard 
of  their  having  been  fired.  Yes,  we  some- 
times got  leave  for  a  party  to  go  ashore  on 
one  of  the  islands.  They  called  them  Greek 
islands,  but  I  fancy  as  how  it  was  Turks  near 
the  Dardanelles.  0  yes,  the  men  on  the 
islands  was  civil  enough  to  us ;  they  never 
spoke  to  us,  and  we  never  spoke  to  them. 
The  sailors  sometimes,  and  indeed  the  lot  of 
us,  would  have  bits  of  larks  with  them,  laugh- 
ing at  'em  and  taking  sights  at  'em  and  such 
like.  Why,  I've  seen  a  fine-dressed  Turk, 
one"  of  their  grand  gentlemen  there,  when 
a  couple  of  sailors  has  each  been  taJking  a 
sight  at  him,  and  dancing  the  shuffle  along 
with  it,  make  each  on  'em  a  low  bow,  as  solemn 
as  could  be.  Perhaps  he  thought  it  was  a  way 
of  being  civil  in  our  country  1  I've  seen  some 
of  the  head  ones  stuck  over  with  so  many 
knives,  and  cutlasses,  and  belts,  and  pistols, 
and  things,  that  he  looked  like  a  cutler's  shop- 
window.  We  were  ordered  home  at  last,  and 
after  being  some  months  in  barracks,  which 
I  didn't  relish  at  all,  were  paid  off  at  Plymouth. 
Oh,  a  barrack  life's  anything  but  pleasant,  but 
I've  done  with  it.  After  that  I  was  eight  years 
and  a  quarter  a  gentleman's  servant,  coach- 
man, or  anything  (in  Norwich),  and  then  got 
tired  of  that  and  came  to  London,  and  got  to 
ground  and  new  sewer-work,  and  have  been  on 
the  sewers  above  five  years.  Yes,  I  prefer  the 
sewers  to  the  Greek  islands.  I  was  one  of  the 
first  set  as  worked  a  pump.  There  was  a  great 
many  spectators  ;  I  dare  say  as  there  was  40 
skientific  gentlemen.  I've  been  on  the  sewers, 
flushing  and  pumping,  ever  since.  The  houses 
we  clean  out,  all  says  it's  far  the  best  plan, 
ours  is.  *  Never  no  more  nightmen,'  they  say. 
You  see,  sir,  our  plan's  far  less  trouble  to  the 
people  in  the  house,  and  there's  no  smell — 
least  I  never  found  no  smell,  and  it's  cheap, 
too.  In  time  the  nightmen  'U  disappear ;  in 
course  they  miist,  there's  so  many  new  dodges 
comes  up,  always  some  one  of  the  working 
classes  is  a  being  ruined.    If  it  ain't  steam, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


449 


it's  sometLing  else  as  knocks  the  bread  out  of 
their  mouths  quite  as  quick." 

Of  the  Present  Disposal  of  the  Night-Soil. 

It  would  appear,  according  to  the  previous  cal- 
culations, that  of  the  l.'^,000,000  cubic  feet  of 
house-refuse  annually  deposited  in  the  cess- 
pools of  the  raetropohs,  about  500,000  cubic 
feet  are  pumped  by  the  French  process  into 
the  sewers ;  consequently  there  still  remains 
about  14,500,000  cubic  feet,  or  about  404,000 
loads,  to  be  disposed  of  by  other  means.  I  shall 
now  proceed  to  explain  how  the  cesspoolage 
proper,  that  is  to  say,  that  which  is  removed 
by  cartage  rather  tlian  by  being  discharged 
into  the  sewers,  is  ultimately  got  rid  of. 

Until  about  twenty  months  ago,  wlien  the 
new  sanitary  regulations  concerning  the  dis- 
posal of  night-soil  came  into  operation,  the 
cesspool  matter  was  "shot "in  a  night-yard, 
generally  also  a  dust-yard.  These  were  the 
yards  of  the  parish  contractoi-s,  and  were 
situate  in  Maiden-lane,  Paddington,  &c.,  &:c. 
Any  sweeper-nightman,  or  any  nightman,  was 
permitted  by  the  proprietor  of  one  of  these 
places  to  deposit  his  night-soil  there.  For 
this  the  depositor  received  no  payment,  the 
privilege  of  having  *'  a  shoot"  being  accounted 
sufficient. 

There  were,  till  within  these  six  or  eight 
years,  I  was  informed,  60  places  where  cess- 
pool manure  could  be  shot.  These  included 
the  nightmen's  yards  and  the  wharves  of  manure 
dealers  (some  of  the  small  coasting  vessels 
taking  it  as  ballast) ;  but  as  regards  the  cess- 
pool filth,  there  are  now  none  of  these  places 
of  deposit,  though  some  little,  I  was  told,  might 
be  done  by  stealth. 

Of  one  of  these  night-yard  factories  Dr.Gavin 
gave,  in  1848,  the  following  account : — 

"  On  the  western  side  of  Spitalfields  work- 
house, and  entering  from  a  street  called  Queen- 
street,  is  a  nightman's  yard.  A  heap  of  dung 
and  refuse  of  every  description,  about  the  size 
of  a  tolerably  large  house,  lies  piled  to  the  left 
of  the  yard ;  to  the  right  is  an  artificial  pond, 
into  which  the  contents  of  cesspools  are  thrown. 
The  contents  are  allowed  to  desiccate  in  the 
open  air;  and  they  are  frequently  stirred  for 
tliat  purpose.  The  odour  which  was  given  oflf 
v.hen  the  contents  were  raked  up,  to  give  me 
an  assurance  that  there  was  nothing  so  very 
bad  in  the  alleged  nuisance,  drove  me  from 
the  place  with  the  utmost  speed. 

**  On  two  sides  of  this  horrid  collection  of 
excremental  matter  was  a  patent  manure  manu- 
factor)'.  To  the  right  in  this  yard  was  a  large 
acctunnlation  of  dung,  &o.,  but  to  the  left  there 
was  an  extensive  layer  of  a  compost  of  blood, 
ashes,  and  nitric  acid,  which  gave  out  the 
most  horrid,  offensive,  and  disgusting  con- 
centration of  putrescent  odours  it  has  ever 
been  my  lot  to  be  the  victim  of.  The  whole 
place  presented  a  most  foul  and  filtliy  aspect, 
and  an  example  of  the  enormous  outrages 


which  are  perpetrated  in  London  against 
society.    , 

"  It  is  a  cmious  fact,  that  the  parties  who 
had  charge  of  these  two  premises  were  each 
dead  to  the  foulness  of  their  own  most  pesti- 
lential nuisances.  The  nightmans  servant 
accused  the  premises  of  the  manure  nianu- 
factui-er  as  the  source  of  perpetual  foul  smells, 
but  thought  his  yard  free  from  any  particular 
cause  of  complaint;  while  the  servant  of  the 
patent  manm*e  manufacturer  diligently  and 
earnestly  asserted  the  perfect  freedom  of  his 
master's  yard  from  foul  exhalations ;  but 
considered  that  the  raking  up  of  the  drying 
night-soil  on  the  other  side  of  the  wall  was 
'  quite  awful,  and  enough  to  kill  anybody.' 

"Immediately  adjoining  the  patent  ma- 
nure manufactory  is  the  estabUshment  of  a 
bottle  merchant.  He  complained  to  me  in 
the  strongest  terms  of  tlie  expenses  and 
aimoyances  he  had  been  put  to  through  the 
emanations  which  floated  in  the  atmosphere 
having  caused  his  bottles  to  spoil  the  wine 
which  was  placed  in  such  as  had  not  been 
very  recently  washed.  He  was  compelled  fre- 
quently to  change  his  straw,  and  frequently  to 
wash  his  bottles,  and  considered  that  unless 
the  nuisance  could  be  suppressed,  he  would 
be  compelled  to  leave  his  present  premises." 

This  and  similar  places  were  suppressed 
soon  after  the  passing  of  the  sanitary  mea- 
sures of  September,  1848. 

The  cesspool  refuse,  which  was  disposed  of 
for  manure,  was  at  that  time  first  shot  into 
recesses  in  the  night-yard,  where  it  was  mixed 
with  exhausted  hops  procured  from  the  brew- 
houses,  which  were  said  to  absorb  the  liquid 
portions,  when  stin*ed  up  with  the  matter,  and 
to  add  not  only  to  the  consistency  of  the  mass, 
but  to  its  readier  portability  for  land  manure 
or  for  stowage  in  a  bai'ge.  It  was  also  mixed 
with  httered  straw  from  the  mews,  and  with 
stable  manure  generally.  An  old  man  who 
had  worked  many  years— he  did  not  know  how 
many — in  one  of  these  yards,  told  me  that 
when  this  night-soil  was  "  fresh  shot  and  first 
mixed"  (with  the  hops,  (fcc),  the  stench  was 
often  dreadful.  "  How  we  stood  it,"  he  said, 
"  I  don't  know ;  but  we  did  stand  it." 

In  one  of  the  night- and-dust-yards,  I  ascer- 
tained that  as  many  as  50  loads,  half  of  them 
waggon-loads,  have  been  shot  from  the  pro- 
prietor's own  carts,  and  from  the  carts  of  the 
nightmen  "using"  the  yard,  in  one  morning, 
but  the  average  "  shoot "  was  about  ten  loads 
(half  a  waggon)  a-day  for  six  days  in  the  week. 

Of  the  mode  of  manufacture  of  this  manure, 
a  full  account  has  been  given  in  the  details  of 
the  cesspool  system  of  Paris,  for  the  process 
was  the  same  in  London,  although  on  a  much 
smalhM-  scale ;  and  indeed  the  manufacture 
here  was  chiefly  in  the  hands  of  Frenchmen. 

The  manure  was,  after  it  had  been  deposited 
for  periods  varying  from  one  month  to  five  or 
six,  sold  to  farmers  and  gardeners  at  from 
4<.  to  55.  the  cart-load,  although  45.,  I  was  in. 


450 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


formed,  might  have  been  the  general  average. 
The  cesspool  matter,  considered  i^er  se,  was 
not  worth,  of  late  years,  I  am  told,  above  ^s. 
a  ton  (or  a  load,  which  is  sometimes  rather 
more  and  sometimes  less  than  a  ton).  It 
was  when  mixed  that  the  price  was  4,s.  to 
5s.  a  ton.  Tliis  cesspool  filth  was  shot  on  the 
premises  of  the  manufacturer  gratuitously,  as 
it  was  in  any  of  tlie  night-yards.  It  was  not 
until  it  had  been  kept  some  time,  and  had 
been  mixed  (generally)  with  other  manures, 
and  sometimes  with  road-sweepings,  that  this 
manure  was  used  in  gardens ;  for  it  was  said 
that  if  this  had  not  been  done,  its  ammoniacal 
vapoui*s  would  have  been  absorbed  and  retained 
by  the  leaves  of  the  fruit-trees. 

This  night-soil  manui'e  was  devoted  to  two 
purposes — to  tlie  manufacture  of  deodorized 
and  portable  manure  for  exportation  (chiefly 
to  cm-  sugar-gi-owing  colonies),  and  to  the 
fertilization  of  the  land  around  London. 

When  manufactured  into  manure  it  was 
shipped — in  new  casks  generally,  the  manure 
casks  of  the  outward  voyage  being  trans- 
formed into  the  brown  sugar  casks  of  the  home- 
ward-bound vessels.  I  was  told  by  a  seaman 
who  some  years  ago  sailed  to  tlie  West  Indies, 
that  these  manure  casks  in  damp  weather 
gave  out  an  unpleasant  odour. 

It  was  only  to  the  home  cultivators  who  re- 
sided at  no  great  distance  from  a  night-yard, 
from  live  to  six  miles  or  a  little  more,  that 
this  manure  was  sold  to  be  carted  away ;  their 
attendance  at  the  markets  with  carts,  waggons, 
and  horses,  giving  them  facilities  of  conveying 
the  manure  at  a  cheap  rate.  But  upwards  of 
three-fourths  of  the  whole  was  sent  in  barges 
into  the  more  distant  country  parts,  having  a 
ready  water  communication  either  by  the 
Thames  or  by  canal. 

The  purchaser  nearer  home  conveyed  it 
away  in  his  own  cart,  and  Avith  his  own  horses, 
which  had  perhaps  come  up  to  town  laden  with 
cabbages  to  Covent  Garden,  or  hay  to  Cum- 
berland-market, the  cart  being  made  water- 
tight for  the  purpose.  The  "  legal  hoiirs  "  to 
be  observed  in  the  cleansing  of  cessx)ools,  and 
the  transport  of  the  contents  upon  such 
cleansing,  not  being  required  to  be  observed  in 
this  second  transport  of  the  cesspool  manure, 
it  was  carted  away  at  any  hour,  as  stable  dung 
now  is. 

It  is  not  possible  at  the  present  time,  when 
night-yards  are  no  longer  permitted  to  exist  in 
London,  and  the  manufacture  of  the  night-soil 
manure  is  consequently  suppressed,  to  ascer- 
tain the  precise  quantities  disposed  of  com- 
mercially, in  a  former  state  of  things. 

The  money  returns  to  the  master-nightman 
for  the  manure  he  now  collects  need  no 
figures.  The  law  requires  him  to  refrain  from 
shooting  this  soil  in  his  own  yard,  or  in  any 
inhabited  part  of  the  metropolis,  and  it  is  shot 
on  the  nearest  farm  to  which  lae  has  access, 
merely  for  the  pri\dlege  of  shooting  it,  the 
farmer  paying  nothing  for  the  deposit,  with 


which  he  does  what  he  pleases.  It  is  mixed 
with  other  refuse,  I  was  told,  at  i>resent,  and 
kept  as  compost,  or  used  on  the  land,  but  the 
change  is  too  recent  for  the  establishment  of 
any  systematic  traffic  in  the  article. 

Op  the  Working  Nightmen  and  the 
Mode  of  Woiik. 

NiGHTWORKy  by  the  provisions  of  the  Police 
Act,  is  not  to  be  commenced  before  twelve  at 
night,  nor  continued  beyond  five  in  tlie  morn- 
ing, winter  and  summer  alike.  This  regulation 
is  known  among  the  nightnien  as  the  "  legcl 
houi's,"  and  tends,  in  a  measure,  to  account 
for  the  heterogeneous  class  of  labourers  who 
still  seek  nightwork;  for  strong  men  think 
little  of  devoting  a  part  of  the  night,  as  weU  as 
the  working  hours  of  the  day,  to  toil.  A  rub- 
bish-carter, a  very  powerfully-buUt  man,  told 
me  he  was  partial  to  nightwork,  and  always 
looked  out  for  it,  even  when  in  daily  employ, 
as  "  it  was  sometimes  like  found  money."  The 
scavengers,  sweeps,  dustmen,  and  labourers 
known  as  ground-workers,  are  anxious  to 
obtain  night-work  when  out  of  regular  em- 
plojTnent ;  and,  ten  years  and  more  since,  it 
was  often  an  available  and  remvmerative  re- 
soui'ce. 

Night-work  is,  then,  essentially,  and  perhaps 
necessarily,  extra-work,  rather  than  a  distinct 
calling  followed  by  a  separate  class  of  workers. 
The  generality  of  nightmen  are  scavengers,  or 
dustmen,  or  chimney-sweepers,  or  rubbish- 
carters,  or  pipe-layers,  or  ground- workers,  or 
coal-porters,  caiTQen  or  stablemen,  or  men 
working  for  the  market-gardeners  round  Lon- 
don— all  either  in  or  out  of  emplo j-ment.  P  er- 
haps  there  is  not  at  the  present  time  in  the 
whole  metropolis  a  working  nightman  who  is 
solely  a  working  nightman. 

It  is  almost  the  same  with  the  master- night- 
men.  They  are  generally  master- chimney- 
sweepers, scavengers,  rubbish  -  carters,  and 
builders.  Some  of  the  contractors  for  the  puhhc 
street  scavengery,  and  the  house  -  dust  -  bin 
emptying,  are  (or  have  been)  among  the  largest 
employers  of  nightmen,  but  only  in  their  indivi- 
dual trading  capacity,  for  they  have  no  contracts 
with  the  parishes  concerning  the  emptying  of 
cesspools;  indeed  the  parish  or  district  corpo- 
rations have  nothing  to  do  with  the  matter.  I 
have  akeady  shown,  that  among  the  best- 
patronised  master  -  nightmen  are  now  the 
Commissioners  of  the  Court  of  Sewers. 

For  how  long  a  period  the  master  and  work- 
ing chimney-sweepers  and  scavengers  have 
been  the  master  and  labouring  nightmen  I  am 
unable  to  discover,  but  it  may  be  reasonable  to 
assume  that  this  connexion,  as  a  matter  of 
trade,  existed  in  the  metropolis  at  the  com- 
mencement of  the  eighteenth  century. 

The  poHce  of  Paiis,  as  I  have  shown,  have  full 
control  over  cesspool  cleansing,  but  the  police 
of  London  are  instructed  merely  to  prevent 
night- work  being  canied  on  at  a  later  or  eai'Uer 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


451 


period  than  "  the  legal  hours  ;"  still  a  few  mi- 
nutes either  wny  we  not  regarded,  and  the  legal 
bonrs.  I  am  told,  are  almost  always  adhered  to. 
Nightwork  is  carried  on — and  has  been  so 
carried  on,  within  the  memory  of  the  oldest  men 
in  the  trade,  who  had  never  heard  their  prede- 
cessore  speak  of  any  other  system — after  this 
method: — A  gang  of  four  men  (exclnsive  of 
those  who  have  the  care  of  the  horses,  and  who 
drive  the  night-caits  to  and  from  the  scenes  of 
the  men's  labours  at  the  cesspools)  are  set  to 
work.  The  labour  of  the  gang  is  diA-ided, 
though  not  with  any  individual  or  especial 
sirictness,  aa  follows: — 

1.  The  lioleman,  who  goes  into  the  cesspool 
and  fills  the  tub. 

2.  The  ropemauj  who  raises  the  tub  when 
filled. 

3.  The  tubmen  (of  whom  there  are  two) ,  who 
carry  away  the  tub  when  raised,  and  empty  it 
into  the  cart. 

The  mode  of  work  may  he  thus  briefly  de- 
scribed:— Within  a  foot,  or  even  less  sometimes, 
though  often  as  much  as  thi-ee  feet,  below 
the  surface  of  the  ground  (when  the  cesspool  is 
away  from  the  house)  is  what  is  called  the  "  main 
hole."  This  is  the  opening  of  the  cesspool,  and 
is  covered  with  flag-stones,removable,  wholly  or 
partially,  by  means  of  the  pickaxe.  If  the  cess- 
pool be  immediately  under  tlie  privj',  the  floor- 
ing, &c.,  is  displaced.  Should  the  soil  be  near 
enough  to  the  surface,  the  tub  is  dipped  into  it, 
drawn  out,  the  filth  scraped  from  its  exterior 
with  a  shovel,  or  swept  off  with  a  besom,  or 
washed  off  by  water  flung  against  it  with  suffi- 
cient force.  This  done,  the  tubmen  insert  the 
pole  through  the  handles  of  the  tub,  and  bear 
it  on  their  shoulders  to  the  cart.  The  mode  of 
carriage  and  the  form  of  the  tub  have  been 
already  shown  in  an  illustration,  which  I  was 
assured  by  a  nightman  who  had  seen  it  in  a 
shopmndow  (for  he  could  not  read),  was  "as 
nafral  as  life,  tub  and  all." 

Thus  far,the  ropeman  and  theholeman  gene- 
rally aid  in  filling  the  tub,  but  as  the  soil  becomes 
lower,  the  vessel  is  let  down  and  drawn  up  full 
by  the  ropeman.  When  the  soil  becomes  lower 
still,  a  ladder  is  usually  planted  inside  the  cess- 
pool ;  the  "  holeman,"  who  is  generally  the 
strongest  person  in  the  gang,  descends,  shovels 
tlie  tail  full,  having  stirred  up  the  refuse  to 
loosen  it,  and  the  contents,  being  drawn  up  by 
the  ropeman,  are  carried  away  as  before  de- 
scribed. 

The  labour  is  sometimes  severe.  Tlie  tub 
when  HHodjthoughitisneverquite  filled, weighs 
rarely  less  than  eight  stone,  and  sometimes 
more;  **  but  that,  you  see,  sir,"  a  nightman  said 
to  me,  "  depend8  on  the  nature  of  the  sile." 

Beer,  and  bread  and  cheese,  are  given  to  tlie 
nightmen,  and  frequently  gin,  while  at  their 
work ;  bnt  as  the  bestowal  of  the  spirit  is  volun- 
tary, fome  householders  firom  motives  of  econ- 
omy, orftom  being  real  or  pretended  members 
(.1  ulinircrs  of  the  total-abstinence  principles, 
rcluso  to  give  any  strong  liquor,  and  in  that 


case — if  such  a  determination  to  withhold  the 
drink  be  known  beforehand — the  employers 
sometimes  supply  the  men  with  a  glass  or  two ; 
and  the  men,  when  "  nothing  better  can  be 
done,"  club  their  own  money,  and  send  to  some 
night-house,  often  at  a  distance,  to  purchase 
a  small  quantity  on  their  own  account.  One 
master- nightman  said,  he  thought  his  men 
worked  best,  indeed  he  was  sure  of  it,  "with  a 
drop  to  keep  them  up  ;"  another  thought  it  did 
them  neither  good  nor  harm,  "  in  a  moderate 
way  of  taking  it."  Both  these  informants  were 
themselves  temperate  men,  one  rarely  tasting 
spirits.  Itis  commonly  enough  said,  that  if  the 
nightmen  have  no  "  allowance,''  they  will  work 
neither  as  quickly  nor  as  carefully  as  if  accorded 
the  customarj'  gin  "perquisite."  One  man,  cer- 
tainly a  very  strong  active  person,  whose  services 
where  quickness  in  the  work  was  indispensable 
might  be  valuable  (and  he  had  work  as  a  rub- 
bish-carter also),  told  me  that  he  for  one  would 
not  work  for  any  man  at  nightwork  if  there  was 
not  a  fair  alloAvance  of  drink,  "  to  keep  up  his 
sti'cngth,"  and  he  knew  others  of  the  same  mind. 
On  my  asking  him  what  he  considered  a  "  fair" 
allowance,he  told  me  that  at  least  a  bottle  of  gin 
among  the  gang  of  four  was  "looked  for,  and 
mostly  had,  over  a  gentleman's  cesspool.  And 
little  enough,  too,"  the  man  said,  "  among  four 
of  us  ;  what  it  holds  if  it's  public-house  gin  is 
uncertain  :  for  you  must  knoAV,  sir,  that  soroo 
bottles  has  gi-eat  *  kicks '  at  their  bottoms.  But 
I  should  say  that  there's  been  a  bottle  of  gin 
drunk  at  the  dealing  of  every  two,  ay,  and  more 
than  every  two,  out  of  three  cesspools  emptied 
in  London ;  and  now  that  I  come  to  think  on 
it,  I  should  say  that's  been  the  case  with  three 
out  of  every  four." 

Some  master-nightmen;  and  more  especially 
the  sweeper-nightmen,  work  at  the  cesspools 
themselves,  altbough  many  of  them  are  men 
"  well  to  do  in  the  world."  One  master  I  met 
with,  who  had  the  reputation  of  being  "warm," 
spoke  of  his  own  manual  labour  in  shovelling 
filth  in  the  same  self-complacent  tone  that  we 
may  imagine  might  be  used  by  agrocer,  Avorth 
his  "plum,"  who  quietly  intimates  that  ho  will 
serve  a  washerwoman  with  her  half  ounce  of 
tea,  and  weigh  it  for  her  himself,  as  politely  as 
he  would  serve  a  duchess ;  for  he  wasn't  above 
his  business :  neither  was  the  nightman. 

On  one  occasion  I  went  tasee  a  gang  of  night- 
men at  work.  Large  horn  lanterns  (for  the  night 
was  dark,  though  at  inter\'«lg  the  stars  shone 
brilliantly)  were  placed  at  the  edges  of  the  cess- 
pool. Two  poles  also  were  temporarily  fix-ed  in 
the  ground,  to  which  lanterns  were  liung,  but 
this  is  not  always  the  case.  Th-o  work  went 
rapidly  on,  with  little  noise  and  no  confusion. 

The  scene  was  peculiar  enough.  The  arti- 
ficial light,  shining  into  the  dark  filthy-looking 
cavern  or  cesspool,  threw  tho  adjacent  houses 
into  a  deep  shade.  All  around  was  perfectly 
still,  and  there  was  not  an  incipient  to  interrupt 
the  labour,  except  that  at  one  time  tho  window 
of  a  neighbouring  house  was  thrown  up,  a  night- 


No.  Lir. 


DD 


452 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


capped  head  was  protruded,  and  then  down  was 
bauged  the  sash  with  an  impatient  cnrse.  It 
appeared  as  if  a  gentleman's  slumbers  had  been 
disturbed,  though  the  nightmen  laughed  and 
declared  it  was  a  lady's  voice !  The  smell,  al- 
though the  air  was  frosty,  was  for  some  little 
time,  perhaps  ten  minutes,  literally  sickening  ; 
after  that  period  the  chief  sensation  experienced 
was  a  slight  headache ;  the  unpleasantness  of 
the  odour  still  continuing,  though  -without  any 
sickening  effect.  The  nightmen,  however,  pro- 
nounced the  stench  "  nothing  at  all ; "  and  one 
even  declared  it  was  refreshing  ! 

The  cesspool  in  this  case  was  so  situated  that 


the  cart  or  rather  waggon  could  be  placed  about 
three  yards  from  its  edge ;  sometimes,  however, 
the  soil  has  to  be  carried  through  a  garden  and 
through  the  house,  to  the  excessive  annoyance 
of  the  inmates.  The  nightmen  whom  T  saw 
evidently  enjoyed  a  bottleof  gin,  which  had  been 
provided  for  them  by  the  master  of  the  house, 
as  well  as  some  bread  and  cheese,  and  two  pots 
of  beer.  When  the  waggon  was  full,  two  horses 
were  brought  from  a  stable  on  the  premises 
(an  arrangement  which  can  only  be  occasionally 
carried  out)  and  yoked  to  the  vehicle,  which 
was  at  once  driven  away  ;  a  smaller  cart  and 
one  horse  being  used  to  carry  off  the  residue. 


TABLE  SHO^VINa  THE  NUMBER  OF  MASTER-SWEEPS,  DUST,  AND  OTHER 
CONTRACTORS,  AND  MASTER-BRICKLAYERS,  THROUGHOUT  THE  METRO- 
POLIS, ENGAGED  IN  NIGHT-WORK,  AS  WELL  AS  THE  NUMBER  OF  CESS- 
POOLS EMPTIED,  AND  QUANTITY  OF  SOIL  COLLECTED  YEARLY.  ALSO 
THE  PRICE  PAID  TO  EACH  OPERATIVE  PER  LOAD,  OR  PER  NIGHT,  AND 
THE  TOTAL  AMOUNT  ANNUALLY  PAID  TO  THE  MASTER-NIGHTMEN. 


SWEEPS  EMPLOYED 

AS 

NIGHTMEN. 


i 

ii 

I 


1^." 


Hurd  *. 

Francis  .... 

Russell  .... 

Hough  . . . . . 

Burns     .... 

Clements  . . 

Groves    .... 

Clayton  .... 

Sheppard  .. 

Nie     

Haddox .... 
„Albrook  .... 
^Peacock .... 

Reiley     .... 

White 

Ramsbottom 

Ness    

Porter    .... 

Edwards     . . 

Andrews  . . 
^Foreman    . . 

Wakefield  . . 

Wliateley  .. 

Templeton 

Pearce    . . . . 


m 

O 

^ 

bp 

O 

H 

3 

Tl 

,Q 

ri 

U 

^ 

S 

^ 

P< 

bog 


Loads. 

8 

48 

12 

72 

8 

48 

20 

120 

12 

72 

10 

60 

18 

108 

20 

120 

14 

84 

10 

96 

20 

120 

30 

180 

60 

300 

40 

240 

20 

120 

12 

72 

12 

72 

10 

CO 

8 

48 

8 

48 

10 

GQ 

8 

48 

G 

36 

10 

GO 

10 

GO 

oo 

S2  jj 

m 

a>>8 

"s^-^ 

O  O  Qj 

11? 

c3  tog 

S  bc^ 

J=l 

3  a"^ 

ill 

Pence. 

3 

24 

6 

4 

48 

6 

3 

24 

6 

4 

80 

7 

3 

36 

6 

3 

30 

6 

3 

54 

6 

3 

60 

6 

4 

56 

6 

3 

48 

6 

3 

60 

6 

4 

120 

7 

4 

240 

7 

4 

100 

7 

3 

60 

6 

3 

36 

6 

3 

36 

6 

3 

30 

6 

3 

24 

6 

3 

24 

6 

3 

30 

6 

3 

24 

6 

3 

18 

6 

3 

30 

6 

3 

30 

G 

Total  Amount 
paid  to  the  ope- 
rative Night- 
men during  the 
year. 


10  10 


Total  Amount 
paid  to  Mastcr- 
Nightmen  dur- 
ing the  year  for 
emptying  Cess- 
pools, at  lOs.  per 
load. 


0  18 

1  10 
1  10 


£. 
24 
36 
24 
60 
36 
30 
54 
60 
32 
48 
60^ 
90 
180 
120 
60 
36 
36 
30 
24 
24 
30 
34 
18 
30 
30 


XONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


453 


S5 
<  a 


ii 


S 


1^1 


Effery    . . 

Brighara 

Ballard . . . 

Pottle     . . 

Shad  wick 

Wilson   , . 

Lewis 

Cuss 

^Wood  .... 

Prichard 

Randall 

Brown    . . 

Lamb     . . , 

Bolton    . . 

Davis  . . . . , 

Rickwood 
^Elkins  .. 
"Kippin  . . 
I  Bowden  . . 
^Hughes . . 
J  Boven  . . , 
<  Chilcott . . , 
1  Baker  . . 
,  Burrows 

Justo  .... 

Noill  .... 

Robinson 

Marriage 

Rose  .... 

Hall    .... 

Jenkins  . . 

Steel  

littke  .... 

Hewlett . . 

Snell  .... 
^McDonald 
/Mason    . . 

Clark .... 
J  Starkey  . . 

Attewell  , 
V  Brown  . . 
/'Store  .... 

Richarda 

Norris     . . 

Eldridge 

Davis 

Francis  . . , 

Tiney     . . 

Johnson 

Tinsey    . . 

Ptandall . . , 

\l)ay    

/Catlin     .., 

Richards    . 

Hutching  . 

Barker  , . . 

Duck 

Eagle     . . , 

Froorae  , . , 
^  Smith  ,., 
/Dans  . . , . , 
I  Brown    . . , 

Day    

Hawkins 
^Grant  ... 


12 

72 

3 

36 

6rf. 

10 

60 

3 

30 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

25 

150 

4 

100 

7 

20 

120 

3 

GO 

0 

20 

120 

3 

60 

6 

10 

60 

3 

30 

6 

30 

180 

4 

120 

7 

20 

120 

3 

60 

6 

20 

120 

3 

CO 

6 

25 

150 

3 

75 

6 

10 

60 

3 

30 

6 

20 

120 

3 

60 

6 

10 

CO 

3 

30 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

0 

6 

30 

3 

18 

0 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

25 

150 

3 

75 

6 

20 

120 

3 

60 

6 

25 

150 

3 

75 

6 

12 

72 

3 

36 

C 

20 

120 

3 

CO 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

12 

72 

3 

36 

G 

20 

120 

3 

CO 

6 

12 

72 

3 

30 

6 

20 

120 

3 

GO 

6 

12 

72 

3 

30 

6 

4 

•24 

3 

12 

6 

00 

3C0 

4 

240 

7 

10 

CO 

3 

30 

0 

10 

GO 

3 

30 

6 

30 

180 

4 

120 

7 

20 

120 

3 

60 

6 

12 

72 

3 

30 

6 

25 

150 

4 

100 

6 

20 

120 

4 

80 

7 

•  12 

72 

3 

30 

6 

20 

120 

3 

60 

6 

20 

120 

3 

CO 

.  6 

12 

72 

3 

36 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

10 

CO 

3 

30 

6 

10 

CO 

3 

30 

6 

12 

72 

3 

80 

G 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

0 

4 

24 

3 

12 

() 

60 

300 

4 

240 

7 

10 

CO 

3 

30 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

8 

48 

3 

24 

0 

4 

24 

3 

12 

6 

30 

180 

4 

120 

7 

20 

120 

4 

80 

7 

12 

72 

3 

36 

6 

12 

72 

3 

36 

6 

30 

180 

3 

00 

6 

20 

120 

4 

80 

7 

12 

72 

3 

36 

n 

8 

48 

3 

24 

6 

8 

48 

8 

24 

0 

JEl 
1 
1 
3 
3 
3 
1 
4 
3 
3 
3 
1 
3 
1 
1 
1 
0 
1 
1 
3 
3 
3 
1 
3 
1 
1 
1 
3 
1 
3 
1 
0 

10 
1 
1 
5 
3 
1 
3 
3 
1 
3 
3 
3 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
0 

10 

1 

I 
1 

0 
5 

3 

1 
1 
4 
3 
1 
1 
1 


10  0 

10  0 

4  0 

15  0 

0  0 

0  0 

10  0 

10  0 


10  0 

0  0 

10  0 

4  0 

4  0 

18  0 


0  0 

15  0 

16  0 
0  0 


10  0 

0  0 

16  0 

0  0 


10  0 

5  0 

0  0 

10  0 

15  0 

10  0 


0  0 
16  0 


10  0 


10  0 
10  0 


12  0 

6  0 

10  0 

16  0 

16  0 

10  0 

10  0 

16  0 

4  0 

4  0 


^36 
30 
24 
75 
00 
CO 
30 
90 
60 
60 
75 
30 
CO 
30 
24 
4 
18 
24 
24 
75 
fiO 
75 
36 
CO 
24 
24 
30 
CO 
30 
60 
36 
12 
180 
30 
30 
00 
CO 
30 
75 
60 
36 
CO 
CO 
30 
24 
30 
30 
30 
24 
24 
12 
180 
30 
24 
24 
12 
90 
CO 
30 
30 
00 
CO 
30 
24 
24 


454 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


/Brown    ,......., 

I  Mawley 

J  Stevens  

I  Badger 

(^  Lewis 

/Crozior 

James     

Dawson 

Newell   

Lnmloy , 

^Harvey  . . , . 

Rayment    , . . . . 

Clarke    

Watson , 

.Desater 

^Tyler  and  Tyso 

Burgess , 

"Wilson   

Potter    , 

Wright , 

rWells 

Whittle 

Collins    , 

Crew  , 

Atwood , 

Conroy  

Pusey     

xPedrick 

^^- (Crosby    

giJMull 

£«|Darby     

«     (Hall    

^Collins    


si 


Brazier  . , 
Harrison 


>  w  1  Harris 

iMantz  ... 
^Whitehead 
Rawlon  . . . 
Wrotham  . 
Harev>-ood  . 
-  Rawthorn  , 
Darling  . .  . 

Jones  

Johnson  . 
•Simpson  , 
§  Wilkinson  . 
a  J  Goring    . .  . 

1  i  Lively     . . . 

2  Stone 

a      I 


P3    \.Ward 

'Kingsbury  . . , 

Goodge 

Wells 

Wilks 

James     ^ . . . . 

Morgan 

Croney   . . , . . 

iHolmes 

^Newell    

Fleming     . .  . , 

Tuff    , 

Hillingsworth 

Smith     

Field 


I' 


20 

20 

Vi 

8 

8 

30 

20 

8 

20 

8 

G 

20 

20 

12 

12 

30 

20 

20 

10 

8 

20 

20 

15 

12 

12 

10 

6 

8 

8 

12 

20 

20 

12 

10 

20 

16 

8 

20 

20 

20 

20 

25 

20 

15 

12 

15 

12 

10 

8 

9 

0 

0 

15 

12 

10 

8 

8 

8 

10 

20 

20 

12 

10 

8 


120 

4 

80 

Id. 

120 

4 

80 

7 

72 

3 

80 

6 

48 

8 

24 

C 

48 

3 

24 

0 

180 

4 

120 

7 

120 

4 

80 

7 

48 

8 

24 

0 

120 

4 

80 

7 

48 

3 

24 

0 

30 

3 

18 

0 

120 

4 

80 

c 

120 

4 

80 

7 

72 

3 

30 

6 

72 

3 

30 

0 

180 

4 

120 

7 

120 

4 

80 

7 

120 

4 

80 

7 

CO 

8 

80 

0 

48 

3 

24 

C 

120 

4 

80 

0 

120 

4 

80 

6 

90 

3 

45 

6 

72 

3 

30 

0 

72 

3 

30 

0 

60 

3 

30 

0 

30 

3 

18 

0 

48 

3 

24 

0 

48 

3 

24 

0 

72 

3 

30 

0 

120 

4 

80 

6 

120 

4 

80 

0 

72 

3 

30 

6 

eo 

3 

30 

0 

120 

3 

CO 

6 

90 

3 

48 

6 

48 

3 

24 

6 

120 

4 

80 

6 

120 

4 

80 

6 

120 

4 

80 

0 

120 

3 

00 

6 

150 

4 

100 

0  • 

120 

4 

80 

0 

90 

3 

45 

0 

72 

3 

30 

6 

90 

3 

45 

C 

72 

3 

80 

0 

CO 

3 

30 

0 

48 

3 

■  24 

0 

54 

8 

27 

c 

30 

3 

18 

c 

30 

8 

18 

6 

24 

3 

12 

c 

90 

3 

45 

0 

72 

3 

30 

G 

CO 

3 

80 

6 

48 

3 

24 

6 

48 

3 

24 

0 

48 

3 

24 

6 

CO 

3 

80 

6 

120 

3 

CO 

6 

120 

8 

CO 

0 

72 

3 

86 

6 

CO 

8 

80 

6 

1    '' 

3 

24 

6 

3 

1 
1 
1 

5 
3 
1 
3 
1 
0 
3 
3 
1 
1 
5 
3 
3 
1 
1 
3 
3 
2 
1 
1 
1 
0 
1 
1 
1 
3 
3 
1 
1 
3 
2 
1 
3 
3 
3 

3 
3 
2 
i 
2 
1 
1 
o 

1 

0 
0 
0 
2 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
3 
8 
1 
1 
1 


0     0 

0     0 

10    t) 


4  0 

4  0 

5  0 
10  0 

4  0 

10  0 


10  0 

5  0 

10  0 

10  0 


0 
0 
0 
0 
0 

10  0 
10  0 
10  0 
18     0 


0     0 


0    0 


0    0 

1-5    0 

0    0 


1<J     0 
10    0 


18    O 
18    0 


16     0 
10     0 


0     0 
0     0 


CO 
36 
24 
24 
90 
CO 
24 
CO 
24 
IB 
CO 
CO 
8(5 
36 
90 
CO 
00 
80 
24 
CO 
CO 
45 
36 
36 
30 
18 
24 
24 
36 
00 
CO 
36 
30 
CO 
48 
24 
CO 
.60 
CO 
CO 
75 
CO 
45 
36 
45 
36 
30 
30 
24 
24 
27 
18 
18 
12 
45 
36 
30 
24 
30 
CO 
CO 
30 
30 
24 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


455 


18 

12 

8 

10 

12 

15 

10 

12 

10 

8 

15 

12 

12 

10 

8 

8 

9 

G 

G 

4 

55 

12 

12 

8 

10 

6 

0 

4 

4 

4 

18 

12 

10 

8 

0 

4 

15 

10 

8 

0 

4 

0 

20 

8 

12 

8 

30 

20 

20 

12 

12 

80 

12 

12 

12 

8 

8 

20 

10 

108 
72 
4S 
60 
72 
90 
00 
72 
60 
48 
90 
72 
72 
60 
48 
48 
54 
SO 
30 
24 

150 
72 
72 
48 
GO 
80 
30 
24 
24 
24 

103 
72 
60 
48 
86 
24 
90 
60 
48 
36 
24 
30 

120 
48 
72 
48 

180 

120 

120 
72 
72 

180 
72 
72 
72 
48 
48 

120 

.    eo 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

4 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

3 

8 

3 

4 

3 

3 

3 

4 

4 

4 

3 

3 

4 

3 

3 

3 

8 

3    . 

4 

3 

64 

36 

24 

80 

30 

45 

30 

30 

30 

24 

45 

30 

30 

80 

24 

24 

27 

18 

18 

12 
100    ' 

30 

80 

24 

30 

18 

18 

12 

12 

12 

54 

86 

80 

24 

18 

12 

45 

80 

24 

18 

12 

18 

80 

24 

80 

24 
120 

80 

80 

80 

80 
120 

80 

80 

SO 

24 

24 

80 

80 

Gd. 

0 

6 

6 

0 

0 

G 

0 

0 

0 

C 

0 

0 

0 

0 

6 

6 

C 

6 

6 

7 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

6 

6 

G 

0 

6 

6 

6 

6 

6 

G 

6 

6 

6 

C 

6 

6 

6 

6 

(J 

G 

G 

6 

6 

6 

6 

6 
6 
G 
6 
6 
6 
6 

£2  14 
1  10 
1     4 
1  10 

1  10 

2  5 
1  10 
1  10 
1  10 

1  4 

2  5 
1  10 
1   10 
1  10 
1     4 
1     4 
1     7 
0  18 
0  18 

0  12 
4     7 

1  10 
1  10 
1     4 

1  10 
'O  18 
0  18 
0  12 
0  12 

0  12 

2  14 

1  10 

1  10 
14 
0  18 

0  12 

2  5 

1  10 
1     4 
0  18 
0  12 

0  18 

3  0 

1  4 
1  10 
1     4 

4  10 
3     0 

3  0 
1   10 
1  10 

4  10 
1  10 
1  10 
1  10 
1     4 
1     4 
3     0 
1  10 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
6 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 

t) 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0    ' 

•0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0- 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

() 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

(6 

StTftwsnn          ........ 

t    ^ 
& 

CuUoder     , 

Ward 

rvines 

Humfry 

a 

Young     

<ti 

"J 

Penn 

o  a 

Holliday     

>5 

^5 

Muggeridge    

af  2 

Fislier     

Goode     

«  i 

Smith 

'Uo 

Roberts 

O  H 

Pilkington         .... 

S" 

Lindsey 

Davcock 

^Moulton     

^Roberts 

Holland 

Ballard  

M* 

Brown     

Mills 

§     1 

Giles 

.3 

Spooner 

Green     

Bamham    

^  Price 

§2 

s  u 
6 

^Plummer   

Steers     

Clare  

Garlick   

Hudson 

^ Jones  

(■F<^<*Tnftn     

§3 

Smith 

^^1 

GUes  

Davis 

<S5 

.Flushman 

Shelley      

ip^ 

Richaidson    

Norris    ..... 

fiS 

Smith     

Dyer       

n 

^'MftTininjf    . . . 

lines      ... 

Roflcworthy    

Tyler      

o<j 

^Munsliin   

fPearce    

^ 

Fiddcman      

Sims       

1 

Smithers    

Rooko     

k  James     

ls« 

Ridgeway   

Binncv  

Tntal     fnr    <^uroAit 

niijbtmen  .... 

2002 

14900 

d&4 

10,002 

0&7d. 

455  15 

0 

^54 

80 

24 

80 

30 

45 

30 

30 

80 

24 

45 

30 

80 

80 

24 

24 

27 
•18 

18 

12 

75 

80 

30 

24 

30 

18 

18 

12 

12 

12 

•<)4 

■    86 

30 

24 

18 

12 

45 

30 

24 

18 

12 

18 

60 

24 

30 

24 

90 

CO 

60 

30 

80 

90 

30 

80 

86 

24 

24 

GO 

80 

£^7480 


4Si6 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


DUST  AND  OTHER  CONTRACTORS  ENGAGED  AS  NIQHTMEN. 


Darke 

Cooper    . .  • 

Dodd 

Starkey  . . . 
Williams. , . 

Beyer 

Gore    

Limpus  . . . 
Emmerson. 
Duggins  . . . 
Bugbee    . . . 

Gould 

Reddin  . . . 
Newman . . . 

Tame 

Sinnot 

Tomkins . . . 
Cordroy  . .  . 
Samuels  . . . 
Eobinson    . 

Bird    

Clarke 

Brown 

Bonner   . . . 

Guess 

Jefines  . . . 
Ryan    . . . . . 

Hewitt 

Leimming  . 

ElUs    

Monk 

Phillips  ... 

Porter 

Dubbins  . . . 

Taylor 

NichoUs  . . , 
Freeman. . . 
Pattison  . . . 
Rawlins  . . . 
Watkins  . . , 
Liddiard . . . 
Farmer  . . , 
Francis  . . , 
Chadwick  , 
Perkins  . . 
Culverwell  , 

Rutty 

Crook  . . . . , 
M'Carthy 
Bateman.. 
Boothe    . . 

Wood 

Calvert  . . 
Tilley  .... 
Abbott    . . , 

Potter 

Church  . . , 
Humphries 
Jackson  . . 
Batterbury 


Loads. 

Pence 

50 

300 

4 

200 

8 

300 

1800 

4 

1200 

8 

300 

1800 

4 

1200 

8 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

150 

900 

^ 

600 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

150 

900 

4 

600 

8 

360 

2160 

4 

1440 

8 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

300 

1800 

4 

1200 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

150 

900 

4 

600 

8 

150 

900 

4 

600 

8 

100 

COO 

4 

400 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

150 

900 

4 

600 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

60 

360 

4 

240 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

50 

300 

4 

200 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

150 

900 

4 

600 

8 

250 

1000 

4 

1000 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

150 

900 

4 

600 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

250 

1000 

4 

1000 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

«00 

8 

150 

900 

4 

COO 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

8 

150 

900 

4 

COO 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

80 

480 

4 

320 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

150 

900 

4 

600 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

50 

300 

4 

200 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

150 

900 

4 

600 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

8 

100 

600 

4 

400 

8 

50 

300 

4 

200 

8 

£  s.  d. 

10  0  0 

CO  0  0 

CO  0  0 

50  0  0 

40  0  0 

30  0  0 


40  0 


40 
30 
72 
50 
40 
40 


20 
20 


20 
40 
12 


20 
33 
20 


40 
20 
50 
30 


20 
30 
20 


30 
40 


50 
20 
40 
20 
10 


40  0 
CO  0 


20  0 
20  0 


30  0 


20  0 

10  0 

20  0 

30  0 


40  0 
30  0 


40  0 
16  0 


40  0 

40  0  0 

30  0  0 

30  e  0 


30  0  0 


10  0 

20  0 

50  0 

20  0  0 


20  0  0 


£  «. 
157  10 
945  0 
945  0 
787  10 
030  0 
472  10 
630  0 
030  0 
472  10 
1134  0 
787  10 
C30 
C30 
630 
945 
630 
C30 
472 


472  10 


315  0 
315  0 
315  0 
315  0 
472  10 
315  0 
C30  0 
189  0 
315  0 
157  10 
315  0 
472  10 
625  0 
630  0 
472  10 
315  0 
525  0 
315  0 
630  0 
472  10 
630  0 
315  0 
787  10 
472  10 
630  0 
252  0 
315  0 
472  10 
315  0 
357  10 
315  0 
787  10 
315  0 
472  10 
630  0 
315  0 
787  10 

315  0 
630  0 

316  0 
157  10 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


457 


Smith 

Perkins 

Rose    

Croot  

Speller    

Piper 

North 

Crocker  

Tingey    

Jones  

Whitten 

Webbon 

Ryder 

Wright    

Dnckett 

Elworthy 

Slee 

Adams 

Gutteris 

Martainbody  . . . 

Nicholson 

Menrs 

Parsons 

Kenning 

Hooke 

Michell   

Walton    

Evans 

Walker    

Hobman 

Stevens  

Jefl&7 

Hiscock 

Allen 

Connall 

Waller 

Mallard 

Miller 

Barnes    

Sharpe    

Graham 

Wellard 

HolUs 

Fletcher 

Heame  

Stapleton    

Martin    

Prett  and  Sewell 

Jenkins 

Westley 

Bird 

Gale    

Porter 

Wells 

Hall     

Kitchener 

Wickham    

Walker    

Bindy 

Styles  

Kirtland 

Kingston    

Eldred    

RambfOl 

Mildwtter  ,.,,% 
Lorell 


50 

300 

200 

M. 

^10 

0 

0 

Jei57  10 

200 

1200 

800 

B 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

150 

900 

COO 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

150 

900 

600 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

100 

•  600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

300 

1800 

1200 

8 

60 

0 

0 

945  0 

150 

900 

000 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

30 

0 

0 

315  0 

150 

900 

COO 

8 

80 

0 

0 

472  10 

300 

1800 

1200 

8 

60 

0 

0 

945  0 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

150 

900 

GOO 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

100 

000 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

150 

900 

COO 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

250 

1500 

1000 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

6 

157  10 

90 

540 

3eo 

8 

18 

0 

0 

283  10 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

250 

1500 

1000 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

150 

900 

COO 

^ 

30 

0 

0 

'   472  10 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

100 

000 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

100 

COO 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

150 

900 

COO 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

150 

900 

COO 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

150 

900 

600 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

50 

300 

200 

8 

10 

0 

0 

■   157  10 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

300 

1800 

1200 

8 

00 

0 

0 

945  0 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

150 

900 

600 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

815  0 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

250 

1500 

1000 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

150 

900 

COO 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

815  0 

200 

1200 

800 

8 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

815  0 

250 

1500 

1000 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

815  0 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

815  0 

150 

900 

600 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

250 

1500 

1000 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

60 

860 

240 

8 

12 

0 

0 

180  0 

100 

600 

400 

8 

20 

0 

0 

815  0 

458 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


Clarkson , 

Rhodes   , 

Pine    

Monk 

Gabriel    , 

Packer 

Crawley 

Easton 

Marsland    

East 

Turtle 

Fuller 

Taylor 

Ginnow 

Peakes    , 

FleckeU 

Cook    

Stewart   

Cooper    

Bentley 

Harford 

Litten 

Mills    

Voy , 

Cortman , 

Forster    , 

Davison 

Williams 

Draper 

Claxton , 

Robertson 

Cornwall 

Price    

Milligan 

West    

Wilson    

Lawn  

Oakes 

Joliffe 

Liley   

Treagle   

Coleman 

Brooker , 

Dignam 

Hillier , 

Simmonds 

Penrose , 

Jordan 

Macey 

Williams 

Palmer    

Anderson    , 

George    , 

Hasleton 

Willis 

Farringdon 

Doyle 

Lamb 

Bolton 

Lovelock. 

Ashfield 

Braithwaite     

Total  for  Dust  and  other 

Contractors  engaged  as 

Niglitmen   


lOO 

900 

4 

600 

100 

COO 

4 

400 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

100 

COO 

4 

400 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

100 

600 

4 

400 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

100 

.COO 

4 

400 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

150 

9U0 

4 

GOO 

50 

300 

4 

200 

50 

800 

4 

200 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

100 

COO 

4 

400 

150 

000 

4 

GOO 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

50 

800 

4 

200 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

00 

300 

4 

200 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

100 

COO 

4 

400 

50 

300 

4 

200 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

120 

720 

4 

480 

.  50 

300 

4 

200 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

100 

000 

4 

400 

150 

900 

4 

GOO 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

100 

COO 

4 

400 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

50 

300 

4 

200 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

50 

300 

4 

200 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

200 

1200 

4 

800 

250 

1500 

4 

1000 

00 

300 

4 

200 

100 

GOO 

4 

400 

27,820 

139,100 

4 

101,240 

Srf. 

^30 

0 

0 

^472  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

G30  0 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

G30  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

G30  0 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

CO 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

.  20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

40 

0 

0 

C30  0 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

20 

0 

0 

316  0 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

313  0 

8 

24 

0 

0 

378  0 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

40 

0 

0 

G30  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

G30  0 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

630  0 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

30 

0 

0 

472  10 

8 

40 

0 

0 

C50  0 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

20 

0 

,0 

315  0 

8 

20 

0 

0 

31>3  0 

8 

40 

0 

0 

030  0 

8 

50 

0 

0 

787  10 

8 

10 

0 

0 

157  10 

8 

20 

0 

0 

315  0 

M. 

£5590  13  4 

£73,027  10 

LOXDOy  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


MASTER-BRICKLAYERS  ENGAGED  AS  NIGHTMEN. 


459 


Albon  .... 
Danver    . . 

Buck    

Aldred. . . . 
Bowler  . . 
Deacon  . . 
Barrett  . . 
Elmes . . . . 
Gray  . . . . 
Emmerton 
Coleman . . 
Belchier  . . 
Wade  .... 
Turner  .. 
Sutton . . . . 
Cutmore . . 
Plowman. . 
Brockwell 
Bellamy  . . 
Janes  . . . . 
Higg8  .... 
Avery  , . . . 
Bailey  . . . . 
Pitman  . . 
Hosier. . . . 
Chambers 
Turner  ,. 
Sutton.. .. 
Phenix  . . 
Elsden  . , 
Fuller  . . . . 
Heath.... 

Beach 

Jones  . . . . 
Gilbert  .. 
Green  . . . . 
King  .... 
Parker. . . . 
Kelsey.... 
Palmer  . . 
Sinclair  .. 
Peck  .... 
Young. . . , 
Winter  , , 
Wolfe  .... 
Taber  . . . . 
KeUow  .. 
Mercer  •, 
OsweU.... 
MaUett  . 
Handley  . 
Ban  .... 
Atldnsoa.. 
Dennis  ,. 
FonUuun.  < 
>Yigmore., 


111 

^i5« 

Loads. 

<'S^- 

100 

GOO 

400 

bs.  en. 

150 

900 

000 

» 

90 

540 

3G0 

>» 

150 

900 

COO 

)) 

150 

900 

COO 

» 

250 

1500 

1000 

»» 

200 

1200 

800 

*  « 

80 

540 

360 

»> 

100 

000 

400 

150 

900 

600 

» 

100 

600 

400 

250 

1500 

lOOO 

It 

200 

1200 

800 

>» 

100 

GOO 

400 

150 

900 

COO 

200 

1200 

800 

150 

900 

COO 

,j 

200 

1200 

800 

j» 

200 

1200 

800 

50 

300 

200 

50 

300 

200 

100 

600 

400 

150 

900 

COO 

?? 

200 

1200 

800 

150 

900 

600 

)> 

150 

900 

COO 

)t 

100 

COO 

400 

)> 

150 

000 

COO 

j> 

80 

480 

320 

» 

50 

300 

200 

200 

1200 

800 

200 

1200 

800 

jj 

80 

480 

320 

jj 

100 

GOO 

400 

250 

1500 

1000 

100 

GOO 

400 

250 

1500 

1000 

150 

900 

000 

200 

1200 

800 

250 

1500 

1000 

100 

GOO 

400 

2(K) 

1200 

800 

50 

300 

200 

100 

600 

400 

90 

540 

3(iO 

00 

300 

200 

100 

000 

400 

150 

900 

000 

250 

1500 

looo 

90 

540 

300 

180 

1080 

A 

720 

150 

ooe 

coo 

200 

1200 

soo 

250 

1500 

looo 

100 

COO 

400 

150 

000 

600 

» 

£  ;«, 

12  10 

18  15 

11  Ty 

16  15 

M  li> 

ai   5 

•^5  0 

11  5 

12  10 
18  15 
12  10 
31  5 
25  0 
12  10 
18  15 
25  0 


l•^  10 

18  15 
2)  0 
18  15 
18  15 
1^  10 


18  15 

19  0 
6  5 

25  e 
25  e 

10  0 
12  10 
31  5 
12  10 
31  5 
18  15 
25  0 
31  5 
12  10 
25  0 

6  5 
12  10 

11  5 
6  5 

12  10 
18  15 
81  5 

11  5 
22  10 
18  15 
25  0 
31  3 

12  10 
18  15 


£   t. 

315  0 
472  10 
283  10 
472  10 
472  10 
787  10 
C30  0 
283  10 
815  Q 
472 
315 
787 
630 
815 
472 
G30 
472 
<J30 

Gno 

157 
IW  10 
ai-5  0 
472  10 
«30  0 
472  10 
472  10 

0 
10 

0 


10 
0 
0 
0 
0 

10 
0 

10 
0 
0 

10 


^15 
472 
252 
137  10 

€30  0 
630 
1252 
•315 

78: 
315 

787 


0 
0 
0 

10 
0 

10 
472  10 
C30  0 
787  10 
315  0 
630  fl 
157  10 
315  0 
283  10 
157  10 
313  0 
472  10 
787  10 
1283  10 

3trr   0 

•472  10 
630  0 
787  10 
315  0 
472  10 


400                            LONl 
Eicketts 

WN  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON 

POOR. 

Je37  10 
81  5 
12  10 
37  10 
22  10 
12  10 

6  5 
12  10 
18  15 
31  5 
31  5 
12  10 
18  15 
IH  15 
37  10 
18  i5 
25  0 
12  10 

0  5 
31  5 
12  10 
37  10 
18  15 
31  5 
25     0 

0  5 
12  10 
12  10 
12  10 
31  5 
37  10 
12  10 
31  5 
12  10 
18  15 
25  0 
31  5 
37  10 

0  5 
12  10 
25  0 
31  5 
18  15 
37  10 
25  0 
18  35 
25  0 
12  10 
37  10 
37  10 

0  5 
25  0 
18  15 
37  10 
31  5 
12  10 
25  0 
31  5 
18  15 
37  10 
31  5 
37  10 
18  15 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 

b 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 

b 

0 

b 
b 
0  ' 
0 
0 

b 
b 
b 
b 
b 

0 

b 
b 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0- 

b 

0 

b 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 

b 

0 

JE945    0 

787  10 

315     0 

945     0 

507     0 

815     0 

157  10 

815     0 

472  10 

787  10 

787  10 

315     0 

472  10 

472  10 

945     0 

472  10 

630    0 

315    0 

157  10 

787  10 

315     0      .. 

945  0 
'742  10 
'787  10 

630     0 

157  10 

315     0 

315     0 

815     0 

787  10 

945     0 

3i5     0 

787  10 

315     0 

472  10 

630  0 
■    787  10 

945     0 

157  10 

315     0 

630     0 

VSV  10 

472  10 

945     0 

630     0 

472  10 

63b    0 

315     0 

945     0 

945     0 

157  10 

630     0 

472  10 

945     0         * 

V87  10 

315     0 

630    0 

"787  10 

472  10 

945     0 

787  10 
■  "945     0 

472  10 

300 
250 
100 
800 
180 
100 
50 
100 
150 
250 
250 
100 
150 
]50 
300 
150 
200 
100 
50 
250 
100 
300 
150 
250 
200 
50 
100 
100 
100 
250 
300 
100 
250 
100 
150 
200 
250 
300 
50 
100 
200 
250 
150 
300 
200 
150 
200 
100 
800 
300 
50 
200 
150 
300 
250 
100 
200 
250 
150 
300 
250 
300 
150 

1800 
1500 
600 
1800 
1080 

6oo 

300 

600 

900 

15(X:) 

1500 

600 

900 

900 

1800 

900 

1200 

600 

300 

1500 

600 

1800 

900 

1500 

1200 

3(K) 

600 

600 

000 

1500 

3800 

600 

1500 

600 

900 

1200 

1500 

1800 

300 

600 

1200 

1500 

900 

1800 

1200 

900 

1200 

000 

1800 

1800 

300 

1200 

900 

1800 

1500 

000 

1200 

1500 

900 

1800 

1500 

1800 

900 

1 

4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 

4 

4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 

1200 

1000 
400 

1200 
720 
400 
200 
400 
600 

1000 

1000 
400 
000 
COO 

1200 
000 
800 
400 
200 

1000 
400 

1200 
GOO 

1000 
800 
200 
400 
400 
400 

lOOO 

1200 
400 

1000 
400 
COO 
800 

1000 

1200 
200 
400 
800 

1000 
000 

1200 
800 
COO 
800 
400 

1200 

1200 
200 
800 
000 

1200 

1000 

400 

800 

1000 

000 

]200 

1000 

1200 

600 

5s.  ea. 
»> 

»» 
j» 
»» 
» 
>» 
»» 
It 
»» 

» 

» 
J> 
>» 
>> 

>» 
>» 
5» 

» 
>» 

>> 

» 
» 

>» 

»> 
» 

>» 
» 

5s. 

Linnegar 

Price    

James 

WiUs    

Templar 

ToUey 

Smallman   

Macey 

Li\Tnnore 

Oakham 

Rudd   

Kenidge     

Perrin     

Thomas 

INIoore 

Reeves     

Pearson 

Stolleiy   

Connew  

Floyd  

Gilbert    

Carter , 

Clayden 

Bibbinor 

Dunn 

Howell    

Fursey 

Archer     

Hart 

Cole     

Essex 

Hinton    

Wiseman    

Unwin     

Treharne 

Havenny     

"Williams     

Plant     

Linfield 

Morris     

Buck 

Hadnutt 

Douglas 

Hogden 

M'Currey 

Wame 

Whitechurch 

Stevenson  

Izard   

Jones 

Rutley 

Prichard     

Watts 

Woodcock  

Morland 

Brown 

Hughes   

Total    for  Master-Brick- 
layers     engaged     as 
ib^ightmen , 

19,880 

1  99,400 

4 

59,520 

je2,485 

0 

Je52,185    0 

THE  ONE-LEGGED  SWEEPER  AT   CHANCERY-LANE. 

[From  a  Photograph.] 


Page  488. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


SUMMARY  OF  THE  ABO^^E  TABLE. 


IGl 


MASTER-SWEEPS  EMPLOYED 
AS  NIGHTMEN  IN 


H 

sg 

*.sf 

S55 

"SS 

>-  ^ 

^  >, 

i- 

'A 

I? 

as 
I? 


9  3  S 


§28 

o 


Total  Amount 
pnid  to  IMastii-- 
Nightmcii  during 
the  Year  for  cnip- 
tyiug  Cesspools. 


Kensmgton 

Chelsea   

Westminster 

St.  Martin's    

Marjlebone    

Paddington    

Hampstead 

Islington 

St.  Pancras 

Hackney ,  .^ 

St.  Giles's  and  St.  George's, 
Bloomsbnry   ^ 

Strand 

Holbom 

Clerkenwell    

St.  Lake's  ^^ 

East  London 

West  London 

London,  City 

Shoreditch 

Bethnal-grecn    

Whitechapel 

St.  George's-in-Uie-East 

Stepney 

Poplar 

St.  Olave's,  St.  Saviour's,  and 
St.  George's,  Southwark  . . 

Bermondsey 

Walworth  and  Newington   . . 

Lambeth 

Christclmreh,  Lambeth    .... 

Wandsworth  and  Battcrsea . . 

Eotherhithe   

Greenwich  and  Deptford .... 

Woolwich  

Lewishara 

Total  for  Sweeps  employed  as 
Nightmen 

Totalfor  Dost  and  other  Con. 
tractors  employed  as  Night- 
men     

Total  for  Bricklayers  employed 
SLA  Nightman 

Gross  Total    


4 

48 

8 

140 

9 

180 

4 

34 

0 

155 

8 

107 

2 

16 

4 

82 

l:j 

226 

5 

89 

11 

172 

4 

30 

4 

74 

5 

78 

5 

68 

G 

92 

4 

64 

5 

68 

7 

95 

5 

68 

5 

06 

8 

152 

0 

80 

4 

43 

10 

157 

0 

60 

8 

71 

10 

91 

6 

58 

5 

43 

5 

r>4 

5 

94 

0 

82 

2 

30 

214 

2,992 

188 

27,820 

119 

10,880 

521 

50,692 

Loads 
240 
700 
900 
170 
775 
535 
80 
410 

1,130 
445 

800 
150 
370 
390 
340 
460 
320 
440 
475 
310 
330 
760 
400 
240 

785 
300 
355 
455 
290 
215 
270 
470 
410 
150 


14,960 

139,000 
09,400 


253,960 


3<fc4 

3&4 

3 

3 

8cfe4 

3 

3 

3 

3  &4 

3&4 

3ct4 
3 

3  &  4 

3  &4 

3  &4 

3  it  4 

3  &4 

8  &4 
3&4 

8  &4 
3 

3  &4 
3 


3 

3 

3 

3dj4 

3 

3 

3&4 

3  «fc4 

3  &4 

3«fe4 


3&4 

4 
4 


3&4 


Pence. 
G  &  7 
6ife7 
0 

a 

0  &7 
U 
0 
0 

0  k  7 
6  &7 

6  &7 

6 

6  j;;  7 

6  &7 

6  &7 

6  &7 

{)  &7 

0  &7 

0 

0 

0 

6 

0 

6 

6 

0 

6 

0  &7 

6 

6 

6 

0  &7 

6 

0 


6  1-7 


8 


55.  a  night 


6</.  Id.  & 

Brf.  per  Id. 

&  5.*.  per 

night. 


£  s. 

120  0 

350  0 

450  0 

85  0 


387  10  0 

207  10  0 

40     0  0 

205     0  0 


75     0 
185     0 


220  0 
237  10 
170  0 
165  0 


505  0  0 
222  JO  0 


430  0  0 


195  0  0 

170  0  0 

230  0  0 

100  0  0 


380  0  0 
200  0  0 
120  0  0 


392  10  0 

150  0  0 

177  10  0 

227  10  0 

145  0  0 

107  10  0 

135  0  0 

235  0  0 

205  0  0 

75  0  0 


7,480  0  0 

72,027  0  0 
52,185  0  0 


131,092  10  0 


402 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


^    .S 


H     S 


3^   =*^5  3 


02    cioa 


.S     ^S 


9  S 


£■5 


•5  5  o  g  2      2  °*2  I  3  o  o  o  6 

O    O    O  ■ 


•q  o      6  6  6  6  6  6  6 


:  — .  a> 


'5  "2      2*3 

■£  ^  ?■;  S  g 

"2  5  3  2  r3  £ 

I'lllU  % 

J]    ft  0<  O  5^  U) 

«2222<2 "  2 

"o  d  d  d  d  d 

wQCQQ  O 


^  S  S  o?  -y 

«•§  "  s  I 

li|iN 

j:  >  C  =  C 

o  o  2  2  ®Q 


§1 


ic  »  -T  c  O'^ 

i  O  -O  fO  O  O  00 

O  O  w  O  O  iC 
O  O  (N  O  00  1^ 
-■•   30  •»  ?<  P)  C 


oooooooooooo-ro-* 

OOOOINlMOCOOOOrtOM 


ooo3lft0lcooo^5oocc 

CJUJ— .CO  C-.  CC  —  C^Cl'.f-S 


o  oo 

IN  O  O 


to  o  o  «  tc 

O  us  O  00  o 


O  O  O  O  O  CO 

o  ooio  oo 
o  o  o  o  «  eo 

(N  JO  W  —  IN  f- 


2*3 


s.^ 


r 


h   :  :  : 


:2:?. 


II 


5    5o5 


o  o  o  c  o 

O  O  O   o  o 
O  L'^  O   g  lO 


c  o  c  o  S 


e 

w  o  o  c  o  o 


■2       '3     •■  to     - 


o    .  o  o  o  o  o  o 
*-s2i2 


o  o  o  o  o  o 

:   =>   O 

I  C<  IN 


c  o  c  c  =>  o 


cxiNe<9e^'*wop»Qoc<->s"0' 

*"        Z^  IN  ""         " 


ICJINOtNOOOOOO 


o  o  o  o  o 
o  o  o  o  o 

<N  (N  (N  C-»  IN 


g 


«2S 

£ 


.  tr>  I" 

«  IN 


w  d  d  d  d  o 

g>T3 -a -a  T3  73 

o  o  o  o  o  o 

c  o  o  c  o  o 

IN  IN  IN  (N  e-l  I^ 


o  c  o  c  c  o  , 
o  o  o  o  o  o 

VO  13  tC  -f  *  O 

o  r>  IN  tc  '.s  ff> 


'■*00OO-*OOCOOO 


I  =  -5  '•§ 

I  o  o  o  o  o 

I  O  O  Q  O  O 


,-^  *  " 


■5=«2 


S£'^§S.S.2 
0.53  o« 


b  •      •      .    b 

II 111  I 


«  £  S 


il 


i'O  >5    fcO 


52  . 

da  z 

o  g  " 

■  o  *  z 

;    t>  ^/  «- 

I.StJ 


,11  i 

Tj  o    : 


s 


w?    t<^. 


^■.^•32: 


l-°.ti2 


CO 


^111 

i«2  2 


J 


S3 


52 


cu      "^  o  c  u  5  j^   • 

2   ;is— ^£.1 

?       caaoi&i;; 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


483 


III 
III 

HI 

111 

c  3 


I  i" 


sill 


5  2 

11 


»   ,S-3 


E^-S-2 


g£gS||='fc«£|Sl 


>   !*    eS  "^   3 

=  2    3 


^    .  ^    . 

Qaaaaaa2Q2Q 


^5 


•a  "3 

Ei3 


2o 


«   o     .  •*   I 


E. 
"'^  d  t- 

2-0.2, 
do      d 


E§ 
.SE 


•^E 


5S 


a>  C  S 


6  6  6 

POQ 


ooo  oo© 
oocooo 


oo 
oo 


SSSSSoo      o 


ooooooooooooooooooo 
coooooooojo  — ooooooo 
oooc?ic»^>£:t~>cc?^o>R>opc«( 
o"-^     ort  — —  c-^o 


o  occooocco'fo  00    oo-^o-* 

O  WOOOOOOWO    ^      0^(Nt-OW 

^^  owooic«0( 

-.  -"?0C5OC^C0O< 


•5  «  t»  -d  •;■  «•  C  tj        •• 


"3      S   -"5    .  - 

O  ca  «  O4      c>        B.  c3 

•0  •««  "w  "d  •« 


JO  -«•«  "  "o  _2 ,2 . 


a. 
m  — 


;:$.' 


-  :  to  o,^  j^ 

CO  o,    . 


h  t-  h 


s:^245S2     ^^'si; 


■o    -   -   -   - 


8a 


1^^ 


03  o. 

a  Oi  fe  >  o.  ^^'o  a.  to 

•^•♦eoeo  —  000  .2 

P                              CO  —  -J  w 


2|| 

I 

1 
ill 


=  :S=-5    .2  =  -^ 


:^i^        -3 


a  Ji"3-a"a  d  ©  «  sa  ©  dTl 

xo«<ae«opi>oOicrtOoifl-i3 

a> 

o P  o © o  00000  00  o  oa 
•3 -O  "O 'O  "O -O  <c -O -O  "O  "O  •«  "O  •«  o 


lO      ©  o  o  o  p      o 

CS       iC  o  o  o  o       o 

(N  C^  C-<  g*         00 


00000 

•a  "O  T3  "O  "o 
2  <so©  o 
•«r  •v  1ft  o  lo 


tilt 

llllilli  § 

"^  sf  2!  *  "^  *^'"  S     *' 

tS  (O  r>  ■»       (0 


;    1=  1 

ooo«ro»5x3o5»^ooS'^«_o>0'» 
©»>rfop»co<po?— t^— cTic^oi  — Ooo 
e«t~  <N«c»ff>«'Aoovse*  oooro  — 
•oae      ot^      vci  p<->c<>a      '••*««x9 


5  =  4111 


OD  CO         ©  C* 


liiliij 

_  «  *»"  2!  2  o  O  I 
oc  o  lo  2  S  2  o  ' 


.  .i  3  S 

(4  r>  (0  o  o 
oo  — >c  5^ 
o>  00  o  ©^« 

O  C<  f*  «*  fff 


w  _  6)  a 

SS!S8 
•  «  g  ••   «> 

coQUs  O 


464 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Curious  and  ample  as  this  Table  of  Refuse  is 
— one,  moreover,  perfectly  original — it  is  not 
suflicieut,  by  the  mere  range  of  figures,  to 
convey  to  the  mind  of  the  reader  a  full  com- 
prehension of  the  ramified  vastness  of  the 
Second-Ilaud  trade  of  the  metropolis.  Indeed 
tables  are  for  reference  more  than  for  the 
cuiTcnt  information  to  be  yielded  by  a  his- 
tory or  a  narrative. 

I  will,  therefore,  ofier  a  few  explanations  in 
elucidation,  as  it  were,  of  the  tabular  return. 

I  must,  as  indeed  I  have  done  in  the  accom- 
panying remarks,  depart  from  the  order  of  the 
details  of  the  table  to  point  out,  in  the  first 
instance,  the  paiticulars  of  the  greatest  of  the 
Second-Hand  trades — that  in  Clothing.  In 
this  table  the  reader  will  find  included  every 
indispensable  article  of  man's,  woman's,  ami 
child's  apparel,  as  well  as  those  articles  which 
add  to  the  ornament  or  comfort  of  the  person 
of  the  wearer ;  such  as  boas  and  victorines  for 
the  use  of  one  sex,  and  dressing-gowns  for  the 
use  of  the  other.  TJae  articles  used  to  pi-o- 
tect  us  from  the  rain,  or  the  too-powerful  rays 
of  the  sun,  ore  also  included — umbrellas  and 
parasols.  The  whole  of  these  articles  exceed, 
when  taken  in  round  numbers,  twelve  millions 
and  a  quarter,  and  that  reckoning  the  "  pairs," 
as  in  boots  and  shoes,  &c,,  as  but  one  article. 
This,  stiU  pursuing  the  round-number  system. 
would  supply  nearly  Jive  articles  of  refuse 
apparel  to  every  man,  woman,  and  child  in  this, 
the  greatest  metropolis  of  the  world. 

I  -svill  put  this  matter  in  another  light.  There 
are  about  35,000  Jews  in  England,  nearly  half  of 
whom  reside  in  the  metropolis.  12,000,  it  is 
further  stated  on  good  authority,  reside  within 
the  City  of  London.  Now  at  one  time  the 
ti'ade  in  old  clothes  was  almost  entirely  in  the 
bauds  of  the  City  Jews,  the  others  prosecut- 
ing the  same  calling  in  difierent  parts  of 
London  having  been  "  Wardrobe  Dealers," 
chiefly  women,  (who  had  not  unfrequently 
been  the  servants  of  the  ai'istocracy) ;  and 
even  these  wardrobe  dealers  sold  much  that  was 
woi-n,  and  (as  one  old  clothes- dealer  told  me) 
much  that  was  "  not,  for  their  fine  customers, 
because  the  fashion  had  gone  by,"  to  the  "  Old 
Clo  "  Jews,  or  to  those  to  whom  the  street- 
buyers  canied  tlieir  stock,  and  who  were  able 
to  pm'chase  on  a  larger  scale  than  the  general 
itinerants.  Now,  supposing  that  even  one 
twelfth  of  these  12,000  Israelites  wei'e  en- 
gaged in  the  old-clothes  trade  (which  is  far 
beyond  the  mark),  each  man  would  have 
twelve  hundred  and  twenty-five  articles  to  dis- 
pose of  yearly,  all  second-hand ! 

Perhaps  the  most  curious  trade  is  that  in 
waste  paper,  or  as  it  is  called  by  the  street  col- 
lectors, in  "  waste,"  comprising  eveiy  kind  of 
used  or  useless  periotlical,  and  books  in  all 
tongues.  I  may  call  the  attention  of  my  read- 
ers, byway  of  illustrating  the  extent  of  this  busi- 
ness in  what  is  proverbially  refu'^e  "waste  pa- 
per," to  their  experience  of  the  penny  postage. 
Three  or  four  sheets  of  note  paper,  according  to 


the  stouter  or  thinner  texture,  and  an  envelope 
with  a  seal  or  a  glutinous  and  stamped  fasten- 
ing, will  not  exceed  half-an-ounce,  and  is  con- 
veyed to  the  Oi-kneys  and  tlie  further  isles  of 
Shetland,  the  Hebi'ides,  the  Scilly  and  Chwi- 
nel  Islands,  the  isles  of  Achill  and  Cape  Clear, 
off  the  western  and  southern  coasts  of  Ire- 
land, or  indeed  to  and  from  the  most  extreme 
points  of  the  United  Kingdom,  and  no  matter 
what  distance,  provided  the  letter  be  posted 
withizi  the  United  Kingdom,  for  a  jicnuy. 
The  weight  of  waste  or  refuse  paper  annually 
disposed  of  to  the  street  collectors,  or  rather 
buyers,  is  1,:J97,7C0  lbs.  Were  this  toiuiage, 
as  I  may  call  it,  for  it  comprises  12,4:80  tons 
yearly,  to  be  distributed  in  half-ounce  letters, 
it  would  supply  material,  as  respects  weight, 
for  fori ij -four  millions,  seven  hundred  and  twenty- 
eight  thousand,  four  hundred  and  thirty  letters 
on  business,  love,  or  friendship. 

I  will  next  direct  attention  to  what  may  be, 
by  perhaps  not  over- straining  a  figiure  of 
speech,  called  "  the  crumbs  which  fall  from 
the  rich  man's  table;"  or,  according  to  the 
quality  of  the  commodity  of  refuse,  of  the 
tables  of  the  comparatively  rich,  and  that  down 
to  a  low  degree  of  the  scale.  These  are  not, 
however,  unappropriated  crumbs,  to  be  swept 
away  imcared  for;  but  are  objects  of  keen 
traffic  and  bargains  between  the  possessors  or 
their  servants  and  the  indefatigable  street -folk. 
Among  them  are  such  things  as  champagne 
and  other  wine  bottles,  porter  and  ale  bottles, 
and,  including  the  establishments  of  all  the 
rich  and  the  comparative  rich,  kitchen-stuff, 
dripping,  hog-wash,  hare-skins,  and  tea-leaves. 
Lastly  come  the  very  lowest  grades  of  the 
street-folk — ihe  finders;  men  who  will  quarrel, 
and  have  been  seen  to  quarrel,  with  a  hungry 
cur  for  a  street-found  bone ;  not  to  pick  or 
gnaw,  although  Eugfene  Sue  has  seen  that 
done  in  Paris;  and  I  once,  very  early  on  a 
summer's  morning,  saw  some  apparently  house- 
less Irish  children  contend  with  a  dog,  and 
with  each  other  for  bones  thrown  out  of  a 
house  in  King  William-street,  City — as  if  after 
a  very  late  supper — not  to  pick  or  gnaw,  I  was 
saying,  but  to  sell  for  manure.  Some  of  these 
finders  have  "  seen  better  days ; "  others,  in 
intellect,  are  little  elevated  above  the  animals 
whose  bones  they  gather,  or  whose  ordure 
("  pure  "  ),  they  scrape  into  their  baskets. 

I  do  not  know  that  the  other  articles  in  tho 
arrangement  of  the  table  of  street  refuse,  &c, 
require  any  further  comment.  Broken  metal, 
&c.,  can  only  be  disposed  of  according  to  its 
quality  or  weight,  and  I  have  lately  shown  the 
extent  of  the  trade  in  such  refuse  as  street- 
sweepings,  soot,  and  night-soil. 

The  gross  total,  or  average  yearly  money 
value,  is  l,4O0,r)92/.  for  the  second-hand  com-  I 
modities  I  have  described  in  the  foregoing 
pages;  or  as  something  like  a  minimum  is 
given,  both  as  to  the  number  of  the  goods 
and  tlie  price,  we  may  fairly  put  this  total  at  a 
million  and  a  half  of  pounds  sterling  1 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


465 


CROSSING-SWEEPERS. 


Thai  portion  of  the  London  street-folk  who  ; 
earn  a  scanty  living  by  sweeping  crossings  j 
constitute  a  lai-ge  class  of  the  Metropolitan 
poor.  "We  can  scarcely  walk  along  a  street  of 
any  extent,  or  pass  through  a  square  of  the 
least  pretensions  to  "  gentility,"  witliout  meet- 
ing one  or  more  of  these  private  scavengers. 
Crossing-sweeping  seems  to  be  one  of  those 
occupations  which  are  resorted  to  as  an  excuse 
for  begging;  and,  indeed,  as  many  expressed  it 
to  me,  "it  was  the  last  chance  left  of  obtaining 
an  honest  crust." 

The  adrantages  of  crossing-sweeping  as  a 
means  of  livelihood  seem  to  be : 

1st,  the  smallness  of  the  capital  required  in 
order  to  commence  the  business ; 

2ndly,  the  excuse  the  apparent  occupation 
it  affords  for  sohciting  gi-atuities  without  being 
considered  in  the  light  of  a  street-beggar ; 

And  3rdly,  the  benefits  arising  from  being 
constantly  seen  in  the  same  place,  and  thus 
exciting  the  sympathy  of  the  neighbouring 
householders,  till  small  weekly  allowances  or 
"pensions ''  are  obtained. 

The  first  curious  point  in  connexion  ^ith 
this  subject  is  what  constitutes  the  ^^  property y" 
so  to  speak,  in  a  crossing,  or  the  riglU  to  sweep  a 
pathway  across  a  certain  thorouglifare.  A  no- 
bleman, whohas  been  one  of  herMajesty'sMin- 
isters,  whilst  conversing  \^-ith  me  on  the  sub- 
ject of  crossing-sweepers,  expressed  to  me  the 
curiosity  he  felt  on  the  subject,  saving  that  he 
had  noticed  some  of  the  sweepers  in  the  same 
place  for  years,  "  What  were  the  rights  of 
property,"  he  asked,  "  in  such  cases,  and  what 
constituted  the  title  that  such  a  man  had  to 
a  particular  crossing?  Why  did  not  the  stronger 
sweeper  supplant  the  weaker  ?  Could  a  man 
bequeath  a  crossing  to  a  son,  or  present  it  to 
a  friend  ?    How  did  he  first  obtain  the  spot?" 

The  answer  is,  that  crossing-sweepei*s  arc, 
in  a  measure,  imder  the  protection  of  the 
police.  If  the  accommodation  aflbrded  by  a 
well-swept  pathway  is  evident,  the  policeman 
on  that  district  will  protect  the  original 
sweeper  of  the  crossing  from  the  intrusion  of 
a  civaL  I  have,  indeed,  met  with  instances  of 
men  who,  before  taking  to  a  crossing,  have 
asked  for  and  obtained  permission  of  the 
police;  and  one  sweeper,  who  gave  roe  his 
statement,  had  even  solicited  the  authority  of 
the  inhabitants  before  ho  applied  to  the  in- 
spector at  the  station-house. 

If  a  erossmg  have  been  vacant  for  some 
time,  another  sweeper  may  take  to  it;  but 
should  the  original  proprietor  again  make  his 
appearanee,  the  ofiBcer  on  duty  will  generally 


re-establish  him.  One  man  to  whom  I  spoke, 
had  fixed  himself  on  a  crossing  wliich  for 
years  another  sweeper  had  kept  clean  on  tho 
Sunday  morning  only.  A  dispute  ensued ;  tho 
one  claimant  pleading  his  long  Sabbath  pos- 
session, and  the  other  his  continuous  every- 
day service.  The  quarrel  was  referred  to  tho 
police,  who  decided  that  he  who  was  oftener 
on  the  ground  was  the  rightful  OAvner;  and 
the  option  was  ^ven  to  the  foi-mor  possessor, 
that  if  he  would  sweep  there  every  day  the 
crossing  should  be  his. 

I  believe  there  is  only  one  crossing  in 
London  which  is  in  the  gift  of  a  householder, 
and  this  proprietorship  originated  in  a  trades- 
man having,  at  his  own  expense,  caused  a 
paved  footway  to  be  laid  down  over  the  Maca- 
damized road  in  front  of  his  shop,  so  that  his 
customers  might  run  less  chance  of  dirtying 
their  boots  when  they  crossed  over  to  give 
their  orders. 

Some  bankers,  however,  keep  a  crossing- 
sweeper,  not  only  to  sweep  a  clean  path  for 
tho  "clients"  visiting  their  house,  but  to  open 
and  shut  the  doors  of  the  caniages  calling  at 
the  house. 

Concerning  the  causes  tchich  lead  or  drive 
people  to  this  occupation,  they  aro  various. 
People  take  to  crossing-sweeping  either  on 
account  of  their  bodily  afflictions,  depriving 
them  of  the  power  of  performing  ruder  work, 
or  because  the  occupation  is  the  last  resoui'ce 
left  open  to  them  of  earning  a  hring,  and 
they  considered  even  the  scanty  subsistence 
it  yields  preferable  to  that  of  the  work- 
house. The  greater  proportion  of  crossing- 
sweepers  are  tliose  who,  from  some  bodily  in- 
firmity or  injury,  aro  prevented  from  a  nioro 
laborious  mode  of  obtaining  tbeir  living. 
Among  the  bodily  infirmities  the  chief  ore  old 
age,  asthma,  and  rheumatism ;  and  the  in- 
juries mostly  consist  of  loss  of  limbs.  Many 
of  tlio  rheumatic  sweepers  have  been  brick- 
layers' labourers. 

Tho  classification  of  crossing-sweepers  is 
not  very  complex.  They  may  be  divided  into 
the  casual  and  the  regular. 

By  tho  casual  I  mean  such  as  pursue  the 
occupation  only  on  certain  days  in  the  week,  as, 
for  instance,  those  who  make  tlielr  appearance 
on  the  Sunday  morning,  as  woll  as  the  boys 
who,  broom  in  hand,  travel  about  the  streets, 
sweeping  before  the  foot-passengers  or  stop. 
ping  an  hour  at  one  place,  and  then,  if  not 
fortunate,  moving  on  to  another. 

The  regular  crossing-sweepers  are  those  who 
have  taken  up  their  posts  at  the  comers  of 


466 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


streets  or  squares  ;  and  I  have  met  with  some 
■nho  have  kept  to  the  same  spot  for  more  than 
forty  years. 

The  crossing-sweepers  in  the  squares  may 
be  reckoned  among  the  most  fortunate  of  the 
class.  With  them  the  crossing  is  a  kind  of 
stand,  where  any  one  requiring  their  services 
knows  they  may  be  found.  These  sweepers 
are  often  employed  by  the  butlers  and  servants 
in  the  neighbouring  mansions  for  running 
errands,  posting  letters,  and  occasionally  help- 
ing in  the  packmg-up  and  removal  of  furniture 
or  boxes  when  the  family  goes  out  of  town. 
I  have  met  with  other  sweepers  who,  from 
being  known  for  years  to  the  inhabitants,  have 
at  last  got  to  be  regularly  employed  at  some 
of  the  houses  to  clean  Icnives,  boots,  windows, 
&c. 

It  is  not  at  all  an  unfrequeAt  circumstance, 
however,  for  a  sweeper  to  be  in  receipt  of  a 
weekly  sum  from  some  of  the  inhabitants  in 
the  district.  The  crossing  itself  is  in  these 
cases  but  of  little  valae  for  chance  customers, 
for  were  it  not  for  the  regular  charity  of  the 
householders,  it  would  be  deserted.  Broken 
victuals  and  old  clothes  also  foi*m  part  of  a 
sweeper's  means  of  li\-ing;  nor  ai-e  the  clothes 
always  old  ones,  for  one  or  two  of  this  class 
have  for  years  been  in  the  habit  of  ha\ing  new 
suits  presented  to  them  by  the  neighbours  at 
Christmas. 

The  irregular  sweepers  mostly  consist  of 
boys  and  guis  who  have  formed  themselves 
into  a  kind  of  company,  and  come  to  an  agree- 
ment to  work  together  on  the  same  crossings. 
The  principal  resort  of  these  is  about  Trafal- 
gar-square, where  they  have  seized  upon  some 
three  or  four  crossings,  which  they  visit  from 
time  to  time  in  the  course  of  the  day. 

One  of  these  gangs  I  found  had  appointed 
its  king  and  captain,  though  the  titles  were 
more  honorary  than  pri\ileged.  They  had 
framed  their  own  laws  respecting  each  one's 
right  to  the  money  he  took,  and  the  obedience 
to  these  laws  was  enforced  by  the  strength  of 
the  little  fraternity. 

One  or  two  girls  whom  I  questioned,  told 
me  that  they  mixed  up  ballad-singing  or  lace- 
selling  with  crossing-sweeping,  taking  to  the 
broom  only  when  the  streets  were  wet  and 
muddy.  These  children  are  usually  sent  out 
by  their  parents,  and  have  to  cany  homo  at 
night  their  earnings.  A  few  of  them  are 
orphans  with  a  lodging-house  for  a  home. 

Taken  as  a  class,  crossing,  sweepers  are 
among  the  most  honest  of  the  London  poor. 
They  all  tell  you  that,  without  a  good  character 
and  "  the  respect  of  the  neighbourhood,"  there 
is  not  a  living  to  be  got  out  of  the  broom. 
Indeed,  those  whom  I  found  best-to-do  in  the 


world  were  those  who  had  been  longest  at 
their  posts. 

Among  them  are  many  who  have  been  ser- 
vants until  sickness  or  accident  deprived  them 
of  their  situations,  and  nearly  all  of  them  have 
had  their  minds  so  subdued  by  affliction,  that 
they  have  been  tamed  so  as  to  be  incapable  of 
mischief. 

The  earnings,  or  rather  '^takings,"  of  cross- 
ing-sweepers are  difficult  to  estimate — gener- 
ally speaking — that  is,  to  sti-ike  the  average 
for  the  entire  class.  An  erroneous  idea  pre- 
vails that  crossing-sweeping  is  a  lucrative  em- 
ployment. All  whom  I  have  spoken  with  agree 
in  saying,  that  some  thirty  years  back  it  was  a 
good  living;  but  they  bewail  piteously  the 
spirit  of  tlie  present  generation.  I  have  met 
with  some  who,  in  fonner  days,  took  their  3/. 
weekly ;  and  there  are  but  few  I  have  spoken 
to  who  would  not,  at  one  period,  have  con- 
sidered fifteen  shillings  a  bad  week's  work. 
But  now  "  the  takings''  ai*e  very  much  reduced. 
The  man  who  was  known  to  this  class  as  hav- 
ing been  the  most  prosperous  of  all — for  fi-om 
one  nobleman  alone  he  received  an  allowance 
of  seven  shillings  and  sixpence  weeldy — as- 
sured me  that  twelve  shillings  a-week  was  the 
average  of  his  present  gains,  taking  the  year 
round;  wliilst  the  majority  of  the  sweepers 
agree  that  a  shilling  is  a  good  day's  earnings. 

A  shilling  a-day  is  the  very  limit  of  the 
average  incomes  of  the  London  sweepers,  and 
this  is  ratlier  an  over  than  an  under  calcula- 
tion ;  for,  although  a  few  of  the  more  fortunate, 
who  are  to  be  found  in  the  squares  or  main 
thoroughfares  or  opposite  the  public  buildings, 
may  earn  their  twelve  or  fifteen  shillings  a- 
week,  yet  there  are  hundreds  who  are  daily  to 
be  found  in  the  by-streets  of  the  metropolis 
who  assert  that  eightpence  a-day  is  their  aver- 
age taking;  and,  indeed,  in  proof  of  their 
poverty,  they  refer  you  to  the  workhouse  autho- 
rities, who  allow  them  certain  quartern-loaves 
weekly.  The  old  stories  of  delicate  suppers 
and  stockings  full  of  money  have  in  the  pre- 
sent day  no  foundation  of  truth. 

The  black  crossing-sweeper,  who  bequeathed 
500/,  to  jMiss  Waithman,  would  almost  seem 
to  be  the  last  of  the  class  whose  earnings  Avere 
above  his  positive  necessities. 

Lastly,  concerning  the  numbers  belonging  to 
this  large  class,  we  may  add  that  it  is  difficult 
to  reckon  up  the  number  of  crossing-sweepers 
in  London.  There  are  few  squares  without  a 
couple  of  these  pathway  scavengers ;  and  in 
the  more  respectable  squares,  such  as  Caven- 
dish or  Portman,  every  comer  has  been  seized 
upon.  Again,  in  the  principal  thoroughfares, 
nearly  every  street  has  its  crossing  and  at- 
tendant. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


L07 


I.— OF  THE  ADULT  CROSSING- 
SWEEPERS. 


A,  The  Abie-Bodied  Sweepers. 

The  elder  portion  of  the  London  crossing- 
sweepers  admit,  as  we  have  before  said,  of 
being  arranged,  for  the  sake  of  perspicuity, 
into  several  classes.  I  shall  begin  with  the 
Able-bodied  Males;  then  proceed  to  the  Ftmalcs 
of  the  same  class ;  and  afterwards  deal  with 
the  Able-bodied  Irish  (male  and  female),  who 
take  to  the  London  causeways  for  a  li%'ing. 
This  done,  I  shall  then,  in  due  order,  take 
up  the  Afflicted  or  Crippled  class ;  and  finally 
treat  of  the  Juveniles  belonging  to  the  same 
caUing. 

1.  The  AjBLE-BoniED  Male  Crossikq- 
sweepers. 

The  "  Abistocratic  "  Crossing-Sweeper. 

"Belly"  is  the  popular  name  of  the  man 
who  for  many  years  has  swept  the  long 
crossing  that  cuts  off  one  comer  of  Caven- 
dish-square, making  a  •*  short  cut"  from  Old 
Cavendish-street  to  the  Duke  of  Portland's 
mansion. 

BiUy  is  a  merry,  good-tempered  kind  of  man, 
with  a  face  as  red  as  a  love-apple,  and  cheeks 
streaked  with  little  veins. 

"  His  hair  is  white,  and  his  eyes  are  as  black 
and  bright  as  a  terrier's.  He  can  hardly  speak 
a  sentence  without  finishing  it  ofi'with  a  moist 
chuckle. 

His  clothes  have  that  peculiar  look  which 
arises  from  being  often  wet  tlirough,  but  still 
they  are  decent,  and  far  above  what  his  class 
usually  wear.  The  hat  is  limp  in  the  brim, 
from  being  continually  touched. 

The  day  when  I  saw  Billy  was  a  wet  one,  and 
he  had  taken  refuge  from  a  shower  under  the 
Duke  of  Portland's  stone  gateway.  His  tweed 
coat,  torn  and  darned,  was  black  about  the 
shoulders  with  the  rain-drops,  and  his  boots 
grey  with  mud,  but,  he  told  me,  "  It  was  no 
good  trj-ing  to  keep  clean  shoes  such  a  day  as 
that,  'cause  the  blacking  come  off  in  the 
puddles." 

Billy  is  "  well  up"  in  the  Court  Guide.  He 
continually  stopped  in  his  statement  to  tell 
whom  my  Lord  B.  married,  or  where  ray  Lady 
C.  had  gone  to  spend  the  summer,  or  what  was 
the  title  of  the  Marquis  So-and-So's  eldest 
boy. 

He  was  very  grateful,  moreover,  to  all  who 
had  assisted  him.  and  would  stop  looking  up  at 
the  ceiling,  and  Go<l-blessing  them  all  with  a 
species  of  religious  fervour. 

His  regret  that  the  good  old  times  had  passed, 
when  he  made  "  hats  full  of  money,"  was  un- 
mistakably sincere ;  and  when  he  had  occasion 
to  allude  to  them,  he  always  delivered  his 
opinion  upon  the  late  war^caliing  it  '^  a-cut-and 


nm  alfau', '  and  saj-ing  that  it  was  "  nothing  at 
all  put  alongside  with  the  old  wai',  when  the 
hallpence  and  silver  coin  were  twice  as  big  and 
twenty  times  more  plentiful "  than  during  the 
late  campaign. 

Without  the  least  hesitation  he  furnished  me 
with  the  following  particulars  of  his  life  and 
calling  : — 

"  I  was  bom  in  London,  in  Cavendish-square, 
and  (he  added,  laughing)  I  ought  to  have  a 
title,  for  I  first  came  into  the  world  at  No.  3, 
which  was  Lord  Bessborough's  then.  IVIy 
mother  went  thcrG  to  do  her  work,  for  she 
chaired  there,  and  she  was  took  sudden  and 
couldn't  go  no  further.  She  couldn't  have 
chosen  a  better  place,  could  she  ?  You  see  I 
was  bom  in  Caveudish-square,  and  I've  worked 
in  Caveudish-square — sweeping  a  crossing — for 
now  near  upon  fifty  year. 

"  Until  I  was  nineteen — I'm  sixty-nine  now 
—  I  used  to  sell  water- creases,  but  they  felled 
off  and  then  I  dropped  it.  Botli  mother  and 
myself  sold  water-creases  after  my  Lord  Bess- 
borough  died ;  for  whilst  he  lived  she  wouldn't 
leave  him  not  for  notliing. 

"  W^e  used  to  do  uncommon  well  at  one  time ; 
there  wasn't  nobody  about  then  as  there  is  now. 
I've  sold  flowers,  too ;  they  was  very  good 
then ;  they  was  mostly  show  carnations  and 
moss  roses,  and  such-like,  but  no  common 
flowers — it  wouldn't  have  done  for  me  to 
sell  common  things  at  the  houses  I  used  to 
goto. 

"  The  reason  why  I  took  to  a  crossing  was,  1 
had  an  old  father  and  I  didn't  want  him  to  gO' 
to  the  workus.  I  didn't  wish  too  to  do  anything^ 
bad  myself,  and  I  never  would — no,  sir,  for 
I've  got  as  good  a  charackter  as  the  first  noble- 
man in  the  land,  and  that's  a  fine  thing,  ain't 
it?  So  as  water-creases  had  fell  off  till  they 
wasn't  a  hving  to  me,  I  had  to  do  summat  else 
to  help  me  to  live. 

"  I  saw  the  crossing-sweepers  in  Westminster 
making  a  deal  of  money,  so  I  thought  to  my- 
self /'//  do  that,  and  I  fixed  upon  Cavendish- 
square,  because,  I  said  to  myself,  I'm  knoAvn 
there ;  it's  where  I  was  born,  and  there  I  set 
to  work. 

"  The  very  first  day  I  was  at  work  I  took  ten 
shillings.  I  never  asked  nobody;  I  only 
bowed  my  head  and  put  my  hand  to  my  hat, 
and  they  knowed  what  it  meant. 

"  By  jingo,  when  I  took  that  there  I  thought 
to  myself.  What  a  fool  I've  been  to  stop  at 
water- creases  ! 

"  For  the  first  ten  year  I  did  uncommon  well. 
Give  me  the  old-fashioned  way;  they  were 
good  times  then  ;  I  like  the  old-fashioned  way. 
Give  me  the  old  penny  pieces,  and  then  the 
eigh teen-penny  pieces,  and  the  three-shilling 
pieces,  and  the  seven-shilling  pieces — give  me 
them,  I  says.  The  day  the  old  halfpence  and 
silver  was  cried  down,  that  is,  the  old  coin 
was  called  in  to  change  the  currency,  my 
hat  wouldn't  hold  the  old  silver  and  half- 
pence I  was  give  that  afternoon.    I  had  such  a 


408 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


]ot,  upon  my  word,  tliey  broke  my  pocket.  I 
didn't  know  the  money  was  altered,  but  a  fish- 
monger saya  to  me,  '  Have  you  got  any  old 
silver  ?'  I  said  '  Yes,  I've  got  a  hat  full ; '  and 
then  saj^s  he,  '  Take  'em  down  to  Couttseses 
and  change  'em.'  I  went,  and  I  was  nearly 
squeeged  to  death. 

'*  That  was  the  first  time  I  was  like  to  be 
killed,  but  I  was  nigh  killed  again  when  Queen 
Caroline  passed  through  Cavendish  -  square 
after  her  trial.  They  took  tlie  horses  out  of 
her  caniage  and  pulled  her  along.  She  kept 
a  chucking  money  out  of  the  cai'riage,  and  I 
went  and  scrambled  for  it,  and  I  got  five-and- 
twenty  shillin,  but  my  hand  was  a  nigh  smashed 
through  it ;  and,  says  a  friend  of  mine,  before 
I  went,  '  Billy,'  says  he,  '  don't  you  go  ; '  and  I 
was  soiTy  after  I  did.  She  was  a  good  woman, 
she  was.  The  Yallers,  tliat  is,  the  king's  partj^ 
was  agin  her,  and  pulled  up  the  paving-stones 
when  her  fimeral  passed ;  but  the  Blues  was 
for  her. 

"  I  can  remember,  too,  the  mob  at  the  time 
of  the  Lord  Castlereagh  riots.  They  went  to 
Portman-square  and  broke  all  the  Minders  in 
the  house.  They  pulled  up  all  the  rails  to 
purtect  theirselves  with.  I  went  to  the  Bishop 
of  Durham's,  and  hid  myself  in  the  coal-cellar 
then.  My  mother  chaired  there,  too.  The 
Bishop  of  Durham  and  Lord  Harcomi;  opened 
their  gates  and  hurrah'd  the  mob,  so  they  had 
nothing  of  their's  touched  ;  but  whether  they 
did  it  through  fear  or  not  I  can't  say.  The 
mob  was  carrying  a  quartern  loaf  dipped  in 
bullock's  blood,  and  when  I  saw  it  I  thought 
it  was  a  man's  head ;  so  that  frightened  me, 
and  I  run  off. 

"  I  remember,  too,  when  Lady  Pembroke's 
house  was  burnt  to  the  ground.  That's  about 
eighteen  year  ago.  It  was  very  lucky  the  family 
wasn't  in  town.  The  housekeeper  was  a  nigh 
killed,  and  they  had  to  get  her  out  over  the 
stables  ;  and  when  her  ladyship  heard  she  was 
all  right,  she  said  she  didn't  care  for  the  fire 
since  the  old  dame  was  saved,  for  she  had  lived 
along  with  the  family  for  many  years.  No, 
bless  you,  sir !  I  didn't  help  at  the  fire ;  I'm  too 
much  of  a  coward  to  do  that. 

"All  the  time  the  Duke  of  Portland  was 
alive  he  used  to  allow  me  78.  Crf.  a-week,  which 
was  Is.  a-day  and  Is.  Qd.  for  Sundays.  He  was 
a  little  short  man,  and  a  very  good  man  he  was 
too,  for  it  wam't  only  me  as  he  gave  money  to, 
but  to  plenty  others.  He  was  the  best  man  in 
England  for  that. 

"Lord  George  Bentinck,  too,  was  a  good 
friend  to  me.  He  was  a  great  racer,  he  was, 
and  then  he  turned  to  be  member  of  parliament, 
and  then  he  made  a  good  man  they  tell  me ; 
but  he  never  comed  over  my  crossing  without 
gi\ing  me  something.  He  was  at  the  comer 
of  Holly  Street,  he  was,  and  he  never  put  foot 
on  my  crossing  without  giving  me  a  sovereign. 
Perhaps  he  wouldn't  cross  more  than  once  or 
twice  a  month,  but  when  he  comed  my  way 
that  was  his  money.    Ah  !  he  was  a  nice  feller, 


he  was.  When  he  give  it  he  always  put 
it  in  my  hand  and  never  let  nobody  see  it, 
and  that's  the  way  I  like  to  have  my  fee  give 
me. 

"  There's  Mrs.  D ,  too,  as  lived  at  No.  6 ; 

she  was  a  good  friend  of  mine,  and  always 
allowed  me  a  suit  of  clothes  a-year ;  but  she's 
dead,  good  lady,  now. 

*'  Di'.  C and  his  lady,  they,  likewise,  was 

very  Icind  friends  of  mine,  and  gave  me  every 
year  clothes,  and  new  shoes,  and  blankets,  aye, 
and  a  bed,  too,  if  I  had  wanted  it ;  but  now 
they  are  all  dead,  down  to  the  coachman.     Tlie 

doctor's  old  butler,  Mr.    K ,  he  gave  me 

twenty-five  shillings  the  day  of  the  funeral, 
and,  says  he,  '  Bill,  I'm  afraid  this  will  be  the 
last.'  Poor  good  friends  they  was  all  of  them, 
and  I  did  feel  cut  up  when  I  see  the  hearse 
going  off. 

"  There  was   another  gentleman,  Mr.  W. 

T ,  who  lives  in  Harley-street ;  he  never 

come  by  me  without  giving  me  half-a-crown. 
He  was  a  real  good  gentleman;  but  I  haven't 
seen  him  for  a  long  time  now,  and  perhaps 
he's  dead  too. 

"  All  my  friends  is  dropping  off.  I'm  fifty- 
five,  and  they  was  men  when  I  was  a  boy. 
All  the  good  gentlemen 's  gone,  only  the  bad 
ones  stop. 

"  Another  friend  of  mine  is  Lord  B . 

He  always  drops  me  a  shilling  when  he  come 
by;  and,  says  he,  '  You  don't  luiow  me,  but 
I  knows  you,  Billy.'  But  I  do  know  him,  for 
my  mother  worked  for  the  family  many  a 
year,  and,  considering  I  was  born  in  the  house, 
I  think  to  myself,  '  If  I  don't  know  you,  why 
I  ought,'  He's  a  handsome,  stout  young 
chap,  and  as  nice  a  gentleman  as  any  in  the 
land. 

"  One  of  the  best  fiiends  I  had  was  Prince 

E ,  as  lived  there  in  Chandos-street,  the 

bottom  house  yonder,  I  had  five  sovereigns 
give  me  the  day  as  he  was  married  to  his 
beautifid  wife.  Don't  you  remember  what  a 
talk  there  was  about  her  diamonds,  sir  ?  They 
say  she  was  kivered  in  'em.  He  used  to  put 
his  hand  in  his  pocket  and  give  me  two  or 
three  shillings  eveiy  time  he  crossed.  He 
was  a  gentleman  as  was  uncommon  fond  of 
the  gals,  sir.  He'd  go  and  talk  to  all  the 
maid-servants  round  about,  if  they  was  only 
good-looking.  I  used  to  go  and  ring  the  hairy 
bells  for  him,  and  tell  the  gals  to  go  and 
meet  him  in  Chapel-street.  God  bless  him ! 
I  says,  he  was  a  pleasant  gentleman,  and  a 
regular  good  'un  for  a  bit  of  fun,  and  always 
looking  lively  and  smiling.  I  see  he's  got  his 
old  coachman  yet,  though  the  Prince  don't 
live  in  England  at  present,  but  his  son  does, 
and  he  always  gives  me  a  half-crown  when 
he  comes  by  too. 

"  I  gets  a  pretty  fine  lot  of  Christmas  boxes, 
but  nothing  like  what  I  had  in  the  old  times. 

Prince  E always  gives  me  half  a  ci'own, 

and  I  goes  to  the  butler  for  it.  Pretty  near 
all  my  friends  gives  me  a  box,  them  as  knows 


LONDOX  LABOUR  ASJ)  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


4C9 


me,  and  tliey  say,  '  Here's  a  Christmas  box, 
JJilly.' 

"  Last  Christmas -day  I  took  3Cs.,  and  that 
^yas  pretty  fair;  but,  bless  you,  in  the  old 
times  I've  had  my  hat  full  of  money.  I  tells 
you  again  I've  have  had  as  much  as  5/.  in 
old  times,  all  in  old  silver  and  halfpence ; 
that  was  in  the  old  war,  and  not  this  run- 
away shabby  affair. 

"  Every  Sunday  I  have  sixpence  regular 

ft'om  Lord  H ,  whether  he's  in  to^vn  or 

not,    I  goes  and  fetches  it.     Mrs.  D ,  of 

H^rley-sti-eet,  she  gives  me  a  shilling  every 
Sunday  when  she's  in  town ;  and  the  parents 
as  knows  me  give  halfpence  to  their  little  gu-ls 
to  give  me.  Some  of  the  little  ladies  says, 
*  Here,  that  will  do  you  good.'  No,  it's  only 
pennies  (for  sixpences  is  out  of  fashion); 
and  thank  God  for  the  coppers,  though  they 
are  little. 

"  I  generally,  when  the  people's  out  of  town, 
take  about  2s.  or  2s.  Crf.  on  the  Sunday.  Last 
Sunday  I  only  took  Is.  3rf.,  but  then,  you  see, 
it  come  on  to  rain  and  I  didn't  stop.  When 
the  town's  full  three  people  alone  gives  me 
more  than  that.  In  the  season  I  take  5s.  safe 
on  a  Sunday,  or  perhaps  Cs. — for  you  see  it's 
all  like  a  lottery. 

"  I  should  like  you  to  mention  Lady  Mild- 
may  in  Grosvenor-square,  sir.  "Whenever  I 
goes  to  see  her — but  you  know  I  don't  go 
often — I'm  safe  for  5s.,  and  at  Christmas  I 
have  my  regular  salary,  a  guinea.  She's  a 
very  old  lady,  and  I've  knowed  her  for  many 
and  many  years.  "Wlien  I  goes  to  my  lady 
she  always  comes  out  to  speak  to  me  at  the 
door,  and  says  she,  •  Oh,  'tis  Willy !  and  how 
do  you  do,  Willy?'  and  she  always  shakes 
hands  with  me  and  laughs  away.  Ah !  she's 
a  good  kind  creetur' ;  there's  no  pride  in  licr 
whatsumever — and  she  never  sacks  her  ser- 
vants. 

"  My  crossing  has  been  a  good  living  to  me 
and  mine.  It's  kept  the  whole  of  us.  Ah ! 
in  the  old  time  I  dare  say  I've  made  as  much 
as  3/.  a  week  reg'lar  by  it  Besides,  I  used 
to  have  lots  of  broken  vittals,  and  I  can  tell 
you  I  know'd  where  to  take  'em  to.  Ah !  I've 
had  as  much  food  as  I  could  carry  away,  and 
reg'lar  good  stuff — chicken,  and  some  things 
I  couldnt  guess  the  name  of,  they  was  so 
Frenchified.  When  the  fam'Ues  is  in  town  I 
get«  a  good  lot  of  food  given  me,  but  you 
know  when  the  nobility  and  gentlemen  are 
away  tho  servants  is  on  board  wages,  and  cuss 
tliom  board  wages,  I  says. 

**  I  buried  my  father  and  mother  as  a  son 
ought  to.  Mother  was  seventy-three  and 
father  was  sixty-five, — good  round  ages,  ain't 
ill.  y.  sir?  I  liiill  never  live  to  be  that.  They 
an-  I:ill^'  iti  St.  Jdin's  Wood  cemetery  along 
with  many  of  uiy  brothers  and  sisters,  which 
I  have  buried  as  well.  I've  only  two  brothers 
living  now ;  and,  poor  fellows,  they're  not  very 
well  to  do.  It  cost  me  a  good  bit  of  money. 
I  pay  2#.  6</.  a-year  for  keeping  up  the  graves 


of  each  of  my  parents,  and  Is.  'ij.  for  my 
brothers. 

"  Thero  was  the  Earl  of  Gainsborough  as  I 
should  like  you  to  mention  as  well,  please  sir. 
He  lived  in  Chandos-stroet,  and  was  a  pai*- 
ticular  nice  man  and  very  roligious.  He  al- 
ways gave  me  a  shilling  and  a  ti-act.  Well, 
you  see,  I  c/irf  often  read  tlie  tract;  they  was 
all  religious,  and  about  where  your  souls  was 
to  go  to — very  good,  you  know,  what  there 
was,  very  good ;  and  ho  used  to  buy  'em  whole- 
sale at  a  little  shop,  comer  of  High -street, 
Marrabun.  Ho  was  a  very  good,  kind  gentle- 
man, and  gave  away  such  a  deal  of  money 
tliat  he  got  reg'lar  known,  and  tho  little  beggar 
girls  follered  him  at  such  a  rate  that  he  was 
at  last  forced  to  ride  about  in  a  cab  to  get 
away  from  'em.  He's  many  a  time  said  to 
me,  when  he's  stopped  to  give  me  my  shilling, 
'  Billy,  is  any  of  'em  a  follering  me  ?'  He  was 
safe  to  give  to  every  body  as  asked  him,  but 
you  see  it  worried  his  sold  out — and  it  was  a 
kind  soul,  too  —  to  be  follered  about  by  a  mob. 

"  When  all  the  fam'lics  is  in  town  I  has  lis. 
a-week  reg'lar  as  clock-work  from  my  friends 
as  lives  round  the  square,  and  when  they're 
away  I  don't  get  Grf.  a-day,  and  sometimes  I 
don't   get    Id.   a- day,  and  that's  less.      You 

see  some  of  'em,  like  my  Lord  B ,  is  out 

eight  months  in  tho  year;  and  some  of 'em, 

such  as  my  Lord  H ,  is  only  thi-ee.     Then 

Mrs.  D ,  she's  away  three  months,  and  she 

always  gives  Is.  a-weck  reg'lar  when  she's  up 
in  London. 

"  I  don't  talce  4s.  a-week  on  tho  crossing. 
Ah  !  I  wish  you'd  giro  me  4s.  for  what  I  take. 
No,  I  make  up  by  going  of  eirands.  I  runs 
for  the  fam'lics,  and  the  servants,  and  any  of 
'em.  Sometimes  they  sends  me  to  a  banker's 
with  a  cheque.  Bless  you !  they'd  trust  me 
with  anythink,  if  it  was  a  hat  full.  I've  had 
a  lot  of  money  trusted  to  me  at  times.  At 
one  time  I  had  as  much  as  83L  to  caiTy  for 
the  Duke  of  Portland. 

"  Aye,  that  was  a  go — that  was!  You  sec 
the  hall-porter  had  had  it  give  to  hira  to  cai'ry 
to  tho  bank,  and  ho  gets  me  to  do  it  for  him ; 
but  the  vallct  heerd  of  it,  so  he  wanted  to 
have  a  bit  of  fun,  and  he  wanted  to  put  the 
hall-porter  in  a  funk.  I  met  the  vallet  in 
Holbom,  and  says  he,  '  Bill,  I  want  to  have 
a  lark,'  so  he  kept  me  back,  and  I  did  not  get 
back  till  one  o'clock.  The  hall-porter  offered 
5/.  reward  for  me,  and  sends  the  police ;  but 
Mr.  Freebrothcr,  Lord  George's  wallet,  he 
says, '  I'll  make  it  all  right,  ]3illy.'  They  sent 
up  to  my  poor  old  people,  and  says  father, 
'  Billy  wouldn't  rob  anybody  of  a  nightcap, 
much  more  60/.'  I  met  the  policeman  in 
Holborn,  and  says  he,  '  I  want  you,  Billy,'  and 
says  I,  •  All  right,  here  I  am.'  When  I  got 
home  the  hall-porter,  says  lie, '  Oh,  I  am  a  dead 
man  ;  where's  the  money  ?'  and  says  I,  '  It's 
lost.'  '  Oh !  it's  the  Duke's,  not  mine,'  says  ho. 
Then  I  pulls  it  out ;  and  says  the  porter,  '  It's 
a  lark  of  Ercebrother's.'    So  he  gave  me  21. 


No.  LIIL 


E  E 


470 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


to  make  it  all  right.  That  was  a  game,  and 
the  hall-porter,  says  he,  '  I  really  thought 
you  was  gone,  Billy ;'  but,  says  I,  '  If  every- 
body  earned  as  good  a  face  as  I  do,  everybody 
would  be  as  honest  as  any  in  Cavendish- 
square.' 

"  I  had  another  lark  at  the  Bishop  of  Dur- 
ham's. I  was  a  cleaning  the  knives,  and  a 
swellmobsman,  with  a  green-baize  bag,  come 
down  the  steps,  and  says  he  to  me,  '  Is  Mr. 
Lewis,  the  butler,  in? — he'd  got  the  name 
off  quite  pat.  ♦  No,'  says  I,  '  he's  up-stairs; ' 
then  says  he,  '  Can  I  stop  into  the  pan- 
try?'  '  Oh,  yes,'  says  I,  and  shows  him  in. 
Bless  you  I  he  was  so  well-dressed,  I  thought 
he  was  a  master-shoemaker  or  something ; 
but  as  all  the  plate  was  there,  thinks  I,  I'll  just 
lock  the  door  to  make  safe.  So  I  fastens  him 
in  tight,  and  keeps  him  there  till  Mr.  Lewis 
comes.  No,  he  didn't  take  none  of  the  plate, 
for  Mr.  Lewis  come  doAvu,  and  then,  as  he 
didn't  know  nothink  about  him,  we  had  in  a 
policeman,  when  we  finds  his  bag  was  stuffed 
with  silver  tea-pots  and  all  sorts  of  things 
from  my  Lord  Musgrave's.  Says  Mr.  Lewis, 
'  You  did  quite  right,  Billy.'  It  wasn't  a  likely 
thing  I  was  going  to  let  anybody  into  a  pantry 
crammed  -with  silver. 

"  There  was  another  chap  who  had  prigged 
a  lot  of  plate.  He  was  an  old  man,  and  had  a 
bag  crammed  with  silver,  and  was  a  cutting 
away,  with  lots  of  people  after  him.  So  I 
puts  my  broom  across  his  legs  and  tumbles 
him,  and  when  he  got  up  he  cut  away  and 
left  the  bag.  Ah !  I've  seen  a  good  many 
games  in  my  time — that  I  have.  The  butler 
of  the  house  the  plate  had  been  stole, from 
give  me  21.  for  doing  him  that  turn. 

"  Once  a  gentleman  called  me,  and  says  he, 
*My  man,  how  long  have  you  been  in  this 
square  ? '  Says  I,  •  I'm  Billy,  and  been  here 
a'most  all  my  life.'  Then  he  says,  '  Can  I 
trust  you  to  take  a  cheque  to  Scott,  the  banker? ' 
and  I  answers,  *  That's  as  you  lilce,'  for  I 
wasn't  going  to  press  him.  It  was  a  heavy 
cheque,  for  Mr.  Scott,  as  knows  me  well  — 
aye,  well,  he  do  —  says  '  BUly,  I  can't  give 
you  all  in  notes,  you  must  stop  a  bit.'  It 
nearly  filled  the  bag  I  had  with  me.  I  took 
it  all  safe  back,  and  says  he,  '  Ah  !  I  knowed 
it  would  be  all  right,'  and  he  give  me  a 
half-sovereign.  I  should  like  you  to  put 
these  things  down,  'cos  it's  a  fine  thing  for 
my  charackter,  and  I  can  show  my  face  with 
any  man  for  being  honest,  that's  one  good 
thing. 

"  I  pays  45.  a-week  for  two  rooms,  one  np 
and  one  down,  for  I  couldn't  live  in  one  room. 
I  come  to  work  always  near  eight  o'clock,  for 
you  see  it  takes  me  some  time  to  clean  the 

knives    and  boots   at  Lord  B 's.     I  get 

sometimes  I*,  and  sometimes  Is.  6rf.  a-week 
for  doing  that,  and  glad  I  am  to  have  it.  It's 
only  for  the  servants  I  does  it,  not  for  the 
quality. 

"  When  I  does  anythink  for  the  servants,  it's 


either  cleaning  boots  and  knives,  or  putting 
letters  in  tlie  post — that's  it — anythink  of  that 
kind.  They  gives  mo  just  what  they  can,  Id. 
or  2rf.  or  half  a  pint  of  beer  when  they  ha'n't 
got  any  coppers. 

"  Sometimes  I  gets  a  few  left-off  clothes, 
but  very  seldom.  I  have  two  suits  a-year  give 
me  reg'lar,  and  I  goes  to  a  first-rate  tailor  for 
'em,  though  they  don't  make  the  prime — of 
course  not,  yet  they're  very  good.  Now  this 
coat  I  liked  very  well  when  it  was  new,  it  was 
so  clean  and  tidy.  No,  the  tailor  don't  show 
me  the  pattern-books  and  that  sort  of  thing  : 
he  knows  what's  wanted.  I  won't  never  have 
none  of  them  washing  duck  breeches ;  that's 
the  only  thing  as  I  refuses,  and  the  tailor 
knows  that.  I  looks  very  nice  after  Christmas, 
I  can  tell  you,  and  I've  always  got  a  good  tidy 
suit  for  Sundays,  and  God  bless  them  as  gives 
'em  to  me. 

•'  Every  Sunday  I  gets  a  hot  dinner  at  Lord 

B 's,  whether  he's  out  of  town  or  in  town 

—  that's  summat.  I  gets  bits,  too,  give  me,, 
so  that  I  don't  buy  a  dinner,  no,  not  once  a- 
week.  I  pays  4s.  a-week  rent,  and  I  dare  say 
my  food,  morning  and  night,  costs  me  a  Is. 
a-day — aye,  I'm  sure  it  does,  morning  and 
night.  At  present  I  don't  make  12s.  a-week ; 
but  take  the  year  round,  one  week  with  an- 
other, it  might  come  to  13s.  or  14s.  a-week  I 
gets.    Yes,  I'll  own  to  that. 

"  Christmas  ismy  best  time ;  then  I  gets  more 
than  1/.  a-week :  now  I  don't  take  4s.  a-week 
on  my  crossing.  Many's  the  time  I've  made 
my  breakfast  on  a  pen'orth  of  coffee  and  a 
halfpenny  slice  of  bread  and  butter.  "What 
do  you  think  of  that  ? 

"  Wet  weather  does  all  the  harm  to  me. 
People,  you  see,  don't  like  to  come  out.  I 
think  I've  got  the  best  side  of  the  square,  and 
you  see  my  crossing  is  a  long  one,  and  saves 
people  a  deal  of  ground,  for  it  cuts  off  the 
comer.  It  used  to  be  a  famous  crossing  in 
its  time — hah  !  but  that's  gone. 

"  I  always  uses  what  they  calls  the  brush - 
brooms;  that's  them  with  a  flat  head  like 
a  house-broom.  I  can't  abide  them  others ; 
they  don't  look  well,  and  they  wears  out 
ten  times  as  quick  as  mine.  I  general  buys 
the  eights,  that's  lOrf.  a-piece,  and  finds  my 
own  handles.  A  broom  won't  last  me  more 
than  a  fortnight,  it's  such  a  long  crossing ; 
but  when  it  was  paved,  afore  this  mucky- 
dam  (macadamising)  was  tm-ned  up,  a  broom 
would  last  me  a  full  three  months.  I  can't 
abide  this  muckydam  —  can  you,  sir  ?  it's 
sloppy  stuff,  and  goes  so  bad  in  holes.  Give 
me  the  good  solid  stones  as  used  to  be. 

"  I  does  a  good  business  round  the  square 
when  the  snow 's  on  the  ground.  I  general 
does  each  house  at  so  much  a-week  whilst 
it  snows.  Hardwicks  give  me  a  shiUing. 
I  does  only  my  side,  and  that  next  Ox- 
ford-street. I  don't  go  to  the  others,  un- 
less somebody  comes  and  orders  me — for 
fair  play  is  fair  play  —  and  they  belongs  to 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


471 


the  other  sweepers.     I  does  my  part  and  tliey 
does  theirs. 

"  It's  seldom  as  I  has  a  shop  to  sweep  out, 
and  I  don't  do  nothink  with  shutters.  I'm 
getting  too  old  now  for  to  be  called  in  to  carrj' 
boxes  up  gentlemen's  houses,  but  when  I 
was  young  I  found  plenty  to  do  that  way. 
There's  a  man  at  the  comer  of  Chandos- 
fitreet,  and  he  does  the  most  of  that  kind  of 
work." 


The  Bearded  Crossing-Sw-eepee  at  the 
Exchange. 

Since  the  destruction  by  fire  of  the  Royal 
Exchange  in  1638,  there  has  been  added  to  the 
curiosities  of  Comhill  a  thickset,  sturdy,  and 
hirsute  crossing- sweeper — a  man  who' is  as 
civil  by  habit  as  he  is  independent  by  nature. 
He  has  a  long  flowing  beard,  grey  as  wood 
smoke,  and  a  pair  of  fierce  moustaches,  giving 
a  patriarchal  air  of  importance  to  a  marked 
And  observant  face,  which  often  serves  as  a 
painter's  model.  Aft«r  half-an-hour's  conver- 
sation, you  are  forced  to  admit  that  his  looks 
do  not  all  belie  him,  and  that  the  old  mariner 
(for  such  was  his  profession  formerly)  is  worthy 
in  some  measiure  of  his  beard. 

He  wears  an  old  felt  hat — very  battered  and 
discoloured ;  around  his  neck,  which  is  bared 
in  accordance  with  sailor  custom,  he  has  a 
thick  blue  cotton  neckerchief  tied  in  a  sailor's 
Jcnot;  his  long  iron-grey  beard  is  accompa- 
nied by  a  healthy  and  almost  ruddy  face.  He 
stands  against  the  post  all  day,  saying  no- 
thing, and  taking  what  he  can  get  ^vithout 
fiolicitation. 

When  I  first  spoke  to  him,  he  wanted  to 
Jcnow  to  what  purpose  I  intended  applying 
■the  information  that  he  was  prepared  to  af- 
ford, and  it  was  not  \uitil  I  agreed  to  walk 
with  him  as  far  as  St  Mary-Axe  that  I 
was  enabled  to  obtain  his  statement,  as  fol- 
lows : — 

"  I've  had  this  crossing  ever  since  '38.  The 
Exchange  was  burnt  down  in  that  year.  Why, 
fiir,  I  was  wandering  about  trying  to  get  a 
4mist,  and  it  was  very  sloppy,  so  I  took  and 
got  a  broom ;  and  while  I  kept  a  clean  cross. 
ing,  I  used  to  get  ha'pence  and  pence.  I  got 
a  dockman's  wages — that's  half-a-crown  a-day ; 
sometimes  only  a  shilUng,  and  sometimes 
more.  I  have  taken  a  crown — but  that's  very 
rare.  The  best  customers  I  had  is  dead.  I 
used  to  make  a  jpood  Christmas,  but  I  dont 
now.  I  have  taken  a  pound  or  thirty  shillings 
then  in  the  old  times. 

**  I  smoke,  sir;  I  will  have  tobacco,  if  I 
can't  get  grub.  My  old  woman  takes  cares 
that  I  have  Ujbacco. 

**  I  have  been  a  sailor,  and  tlie  first  ship  as 
ever  I  was  in  was  the  Old  Colossus,  74,  but 
we  was  only  cruising  about  the  Channel  then, 
and  took  two  prizes.  I  went  aboard  the  Old 
Remewa  gnardship  —  we  were  turned  over  to 


her — and  from  her  I  was  drafted  over  to  the 
Escramander  frigate.  We  went  out  chasing 
Boney,  but  he  gived  himself  up  to  the  Old 
Impregnable.  I  was  at  the  taking  of  Algiers, 
in  181G,  in  the  Superb.  I  was  in  the  Koch- 
fort,  74,  up  the  Mediterranean  (they  call  it  up 
the  Mediterranean,  but  it  was  the  Malta  sta- 
tion) three  yeai-s,  ten  months,  and  twenty 
days,  until  the  ship  was  paid  ofl'. 

"  Then  I  went  to  work  at  the  Dockyard. 
I  had  a  misfortune  soon  after  that.  I  fell  out 
of  a  garret  window,  three  stories  high,  and 
that  kept  me  from  going  to  the  Docks  again. 
I  lost  all  my  top  teeth  by  that  fall.  I've  got  a 
scar  here,  one  on  my  chin ;  but  I  warn't  in  the 
hospital  more  than  two  weeks. 

"  I  was  afeard  of  being  taken  up  solicitin' 
charity,  and  I  knew  that  sweeping  was  a  safe 
game ;  they  couldn't  take  me  up  for  sweeping 
a  crossing. 

"  Sometimes  I  get  insulted,  only  in  words ; 
sometimes  I  get  chafi'ed  by  sober  people. 
Drunken  men  I  don't  care  for;  I  never  listen 
to  'em,  unless  they  handle  me,  and  then,  al- 
though I  am  sixty-three  this  very  day,  sir,  I 
think  I  could  show  them  something.  I  do 
cai-ry  my  age  well ;  and  if  you  could  ha'  seen 
how  I  have  lived  this  last  winter  through, 
sometimes  one  pound  of  bread  between  two 
of  us,  you'd  say  I  was  a  strong  man  to  be  as  I 
am. 

"  Those  who  think  that  sweepin'  a  crossmg 
is  idle  work,  make  a  great  mistake.  In  wet 
weather,  the  traflSc  that  makes  it  gets  sloppy 
as  soon  as  it's  cleaned.  Cabs,  and  'busses, 
and  carnages  continually  going  over  the  cross- 
ing must  scatter  the  mud  on  it,  and  you  must 
look  precious  sharp  to  keep  it  clean  ;  but  when 
I  once  get  in  the  road,  I  never  jump  out  of  it. 
I  keeps  my  eye  both  ways,  and  if  I  gets  in  too 
close  quarters,  I  slips  round  the  wheels.  I've 
had  them  almost  touch  me. 

"  No,  sir,  I  never  got  knocked  down.  In 
foggy  weather,  of  course,  it's  no  use  sweeping 
at  all. 

"  Parcels  !  it's  very  few  parcels  I  get  to  carry 
now ;  I  don't  think  I  get  a  parcel  to  carry  once 
in  a  month :  there's  'busses  and  railways  so 
cheap.  A  man  would  charge  as  much  for  a 
distance  as  a  cab  would  take  them. 

"  1  don't  come  to  the  same  crossing  on 
Sundays;  I  go  to  the  comer  of  Finch-lane. 
As  to  regular  customers,  I've  none — to  say 
regular;  some  give  me  sixpence  now  and 
then.  All  those  who  used  to  give  me  regular 
are  dead. 

"  I  was  a-bed  when  the  Exchange  was  burnt 
down. 

"  I  have  had  this  beard  five  years.  I  grew 
it  to  sit  to  artists  when  I  got  the  chance ;  but 
it  don't  pay  expenses — for  I  have  to  walk  four 
or  five  miles,  and  only  get  a  shilling  an  hour : 
besides,  I'm  often  kept  nearly  two  hours,  and 
I  get  nothing  for  going  and  nothing  for  coming, 
but  just  for  the  time  I  am  there. 

'•  Afore  I  wore  it,  I  had  a  pair  of  large  whis- 


472 


LO^'DON  LABOUR  AKD  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


kers.  I  went  to  n  gentleman  then,  an  artist, 
and  he  did  pay  nie  ^\ell.  He  advised  me  to 
grow  mustarshers  and  tlie  beai'd,  but  he  hasn't 
employed  me  since. 

"  They  call  me  '  Old  Jack '  on  the  crossing, 
that's  all  they  call  me.  I  get  more  chaff  from 
the  boys  than  any  one  else.  "  They  only  say, 
'Why  don't  you  get  shaved?'  but  I  take  no 
notice  on  'em. 

"  Old  Bill,  in  Lombard  Street!  I  knows  him ; 
he  used  to  make  a  good  thing  of  it,  but  I  don't 
think  he  makes  much  now. 

"  My  wife  —  I  am  married,  sir — doesn't  do 
anything.  I  live  in  a  lodging-house,  and  I  pay 
three  shillings  a- week. 

"  I  tell  you  what  we  has,  now.  when  I  go 
home.  AVe  has  a  jiound  of  bread,  a  quarter  of 
an  ounce  of  tea,  and  perhaps  a  I'ed  hen*ing. 

"  I've  had  a  weakness  in  my  legs  for  two 
year ;  the  veins  comes  do^vai,  but  I  keep  a 
bandage  in  my  pocket,  and  when  I  feels  'em 
coming  down,  I  puts  the  bandage  on  'till  the 
veins  goes  up  again — it's  through  being  on  my 
legs  so  long  (because  I  had  very  strong  legs 
when  young)  and  want  of  good  food.  Wlien 
you  only  have  a  bit  of  bread  and  a  cup  of  tea 
—  no  meat,  no  vegetables  —  you  lind  it  oat; 
but  I'm  as  upright  as  a  dait,  and  as  lissom  as 
ever  I  was. 

"  I  gives  threepence  for  my  brooms.  I 
wears  out  three  in  a  week  in  the  wet  weather. 
I  always  lean  very  hard  on  my  broom,  'speci- 
ally when  the  mud  is  sticky —  as  it  is  after  the 
roads  is  watered.  I  am  very  particular  about 
my  brooms ;  I  gives  'em  away  to  be  bui'ned 
when  many  another  would  use  them." 


The  Sweepee  in  Porthan  Square,  who  got 
Permission  from  the  Police. 

A  wild-looking  man,  w^th  long  straggling 
grey  hair,  which  stood  out  from  his  head  as  if 
he  brushed  it  the  wrong  way;  and  whiskers 
so  thick  and  ciu-ling  that  they  reminded  one 
of  the  wool  round  a  sheep's  face,  gave  me  the 
accompanying  history. 

He  was  very  fond  of  making  xise  of  the  term 
**  honest  crust, "  and  each  time  he  did  so, 
he,  Irish-like,  pronounced  it  ''  currust."  He 
seemed  a  kind-hearted,  innocent  creature, 
half  scared  by  want  and  old  age. 

"  I'm  blest  if  I  can  tell  which  is  the  best 
crossing  in  London ;  but  mine  ain't  no  great 
shakes,  for  I  don't  take  three  shilling  a-week 
not  with  persons  going  across,  take  one  week 
with  another;  but  I  thought  I  could  get  a  ho- 
nest cvuTUst  (crust)  at  it,  for  I've  got  a  crip- 
pled hand,  which  comed  of  its  own  accord, 
and  I  was  in  St.  George's  Hospital  seven 
weeks.  When  I  comed  out  it  was  a  cripple 
with  me,  and  I  thought  the  crossing  was 
better  than  going  into  the  workhouse  —  fori 
likes  my  liberty. 

"  I've  been  on  this  crossing  since  last 
Christmas  was  a  twelvemonth.     Before  that  I 


was  a  bricklayer  and  plasterer.  I've  been 
thirty-two  years  in  Londun.  I  can  get  as  good 
a  character  as  any  one  anywhere,  please  God ; 
for  as  to  drunkards,  and  all  that,  I  was  none 
of  them.  I  was  earning  eighteen  shilling 
a-week,  and  sometimes  v/ith  my  overtime  I've 
had  twenty  shilling,  or  even  twenty-three  shil- 
ling. Bricklayers  is  paid  according  to  all  the 
hours  they  works  beyond  ten,  for  that's  the 
bricklayer's  day. 

"  I  was  among  the  hrae,  and  the  sand,  and 
the  bricks,  and  then  my  hand  come  like  this 
(he  held  out  a  hand  with  all  the  fingers 
drawn  up  towards  the  middle,  like  the  claw  of 
a  dead  bird).  All  the  sinews  have  gone,  as 
you  see  yourself,  sir,  so  that  I  can't  bend  it  or 
straighten  it,  for  the  lingers  are  like  bits  of 
stick,  and  you  can't  bend  'em  without  breaking 
them. 

"  When  I  couldn't  lay  hold  of  anj-thing,  nor 
lift  it  up,  I  showed  it  to  master,  and  he  sent 
me  to  his  doctor,  who  gived  me  something  to 
rub  over  it,  for  it  was  swelled  up  like,  and 
then  I  went  to  St.  George's  Hospital,  and  they 
cut  it  over,  and  asked  me  if  I  could  come  in 
doors  as  in-door  patient  ?  and  I  said  Yes,  for 
I  wanted  to  get  it  over  sooner,  and  go  back  to 
my  work,  and  earn  an  honest  cuiTUst.  Then 
they  scarred  it  again,  cut  it  seven  times,  and  I 
was  there  many  long  weeks;  and  when  I 
comed  out  I  could  not  hold  any  tool,  so  I  was 
forced  to  keep  on  pawning  and  pledging  to 
keep  an  honest  currust  in  my  mouth,  and 
sometimes  I'd  only  just  be  with  a  morsel  to 
eat,  and  sometimes  I'd  be  hungry,  and  that's 
the  truth. 

"  What  put  me  up  to  crossing-sweeping  was 
this — I  had  no  other  thing  open  to  me  but 
the  workhouse;  but  of  course  I'd  sooner  be 
out  on  my  liberty,  though  I  was  entitled  to 
go  into  the  house,  of  course,  but  I'd  sooner 
keep  out  of  it  if  I  could  earn  an  honest 
currust. 

"  One  of  my  neighboiars  persuaded  me  that 
I  should  pick  up  a  good  currust  at  a  crossing. 
The  man  who  had  been  on  my  crossing  Avas 
gone  dead,  and  as  it  was  empty,  I  went  down 
to  the  police-office,  in  Marylebone  Lane,  and 
they  told  me  I  miglit  take  it,  and  give  me 
liberty  to  stop.  I  was  told  the  man  who  had 
been  there  before  me  had  been  on  it  fourteen 
years,  and  them  was  good  times  for  gentle 
and  simple  and  all  —  and  it  was  reported  that 
this  man  had  made  a  good  bit  of  money,  at 
least  so  it  was  said. 

"  I  thought  I  could  make  a  living  out  of  it, 
or  an  honest  currust,  but  it's  a  very  poor  liv- 
ing, I  can  assure  you.  When  I  went  to  it  first, 
I  done  pretty  fair  for  a  currust ;  but  it's  only 
three  shilhngs  to  me  now.  My  missus  has 
such  bad  health,  or  she  used  to  help  me  with 
her  needle.  I  can  assure  you,  sir,  it's  only 
one  day  a  week  as  I  have  a  bit  of  dinner, 
and  I  often  go  without  breakfast  and  supper, 
too. 

"  I  haven't  got  any  regular  customers  that 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


allow  me  anything.  When  the  families  is  in 
town  sometimes  tliey  give  me  half-a- crown,  or 
sixpence,  now  and  then,  perhaps  once  a  fort- 
night, or  a  month.  They've  got  footmen  and 
senant-maids,  so  they  never  wants  no  parcels 
taken — they  make  them  do  it;  but  sometimes 
I  get  a  penny  for  posting  a  letter  from  one  of 
the  maids,  or  something  like  that 

"  The  best  day  for  us  is  Sunday.  Some- 
times I  get  a  shilling,  and  when  the  families 
is  in  town  eighteen  pence.  But  when  tlie 
families  is  away,  and  the  weather  so  fine 
there's  no  mud,  and  only  working-people  going 
to  the  chapels,  they  never  looks  at  me,  and 
then  I'll  only  get  a  shilling." 

AnOTHEK  WHO  OOT  PERMISSION  TO  S\VEEP. 

An  old  Irishman,  who  comes  from  Cork,  was 
spoken  of  to  us  as  a  ci-ossing-sweeper  who  had 
formally  obtained  permission  before  exercising 
his  calUng ;  but  I  found,  upon  questioning 
him,  that  it  was  but  little  more  thpai  a  ti'ue 
Hibemiaii  piece  of  conciliation  on  his  part ; 
and,  indeed,  that  out  of  fear  of  competition, 
lie  had  asked  leave  of  the  servants  and  police- 
man in  the  neighbom'hood. 

It  seems  somewhat  curious,  as  illustrative  of 
the  rights  of  property  among  crossing-sweepers, 
that  three  or  four  "  intending"  sweepers,  when 
they  found  themselves  forestalled  by  the  old 
man  in  question,  had  no  idea  of  supplanting 
the  Irishman,  and  merely  remarked, — 

"Well,  you're  lucky  to  get  it  so  soon,  foi  we 
meant  to  take  it" 

In  reply  to  our  questions,  the  man  said, — 

"  I  came  here  in  Januaiy  last :  I  knew  the 
old  man  was  did  who  used  to  keep  the 
crossin',  and  I  thought  I  would  like  the  kind 
of  worruk,  for  I  am  getting  blind,  and  hard  of 
hearing  likewise.  I've  got  no  parish;  since 
the  passing  of  the  last  Act,  I've  niver  lived 
long  enough  in  any  one  paiish  for  that  I 
applied  to  Marabone,  and  tliey  ofTered  to  sind 
lue  back  to  Ireland,  but  I'd  got  no  one  to  go 
to,  no  friends  or  relations,  or  if  I  have,  they're 
as  poor  there  as  I  am  mysilf,  sir. 

"  There  was  an  ould  man  here  before  me. 
He  used  to  have  a  stool  to  rest  himsili  on,  and 
whin  he  died,  last  Christmas,  a  man  as  knew 
him  and  me  asked  me  whither  I  would  take  it 
or  no,  and  I  said  I  would.  His  broom  and 
stocl  were  in   the  coal-cellar  at  this  comer 

boose,  Mr.  's,  where  he  used  to  leave 

them  at  night  times,  and  they  gave  them  up 
to  me;  bat  I  didn't  use  the  stool,  sir,  it  might 
be  on  obsthrnrtion  to  the  passers-by ;  and, 
sir,  it  !  t  was  infinnunity.    But,  plaise 

the  L  and  make  a  stool  for  myself 

agaiu»i  iiM  jiuid  winter,  I  will,  bein'  a  car- 
penter by  thrade. 

"  I  didn't  ask  the  gintIofolk«'  permission  to 
eoBie  hae,  but  I  asked  the  police  and  the 
8ef<v«DlB,  and  saoh  tm  that.  I  asked  the  ser- 
voots  at  the  comer-house.  I  don't  know  whi- 
thar  thQT  ^ould  have  kept  me  away  if  I  had 


not  asked.  Soon  after  I  came  here  tlie  gin- 
tlefolks  —  some  of  them  —  stopped  and  spoke 
to  me.  '  So,'  says  they,  '  you've  taken  the 
place  of  the  old  man  tliat's  did  ? '  '  Yes , 
I  have,'  says  I.  'Very  wUl,'  says  tliey,  and 
they  give  me  a  ha'penny.  That  was  all  that 
occurred  upon  my  takin'  to  the  crossin'. 

"  But  there  were  some  otliei"s  who  would 
have  taken  it  if  I  had  not ;  they  tould  me  I 
was  lucky  in  gottla'  it  so  soon,  or  they 
would  have  had  it,  but  I  don't  know  who  they 
are. 

"  I  am  seventy-three  years  ould  the  2d  of 
June  last.  My  ■wife  is  about  the  same  age, 
and  very  much  afflicted  with  the  rheumatis, 
and  she  injured  hersilf,  too,  years  ago,  by 
fallin'  oft'  a  chair  while  she  was  takin'  some 
clothes  off  the  line. 

"  Not  to  desave  you,  sir,  I  get  a  shillin'  a- 
week  from  one  of  my  childer  and  niuepence 
from  another,  and  a  little  hilp  from  some  of 
the  oLliei*s.  I  have  siveu  childer  liviu',  and 
have  had  tin.  They  are  very  much  scattered : 
two  are  abroad ;  one  is  in  tlie  tinth  Hussars — 
he  is  kind  to  me.  The  one  who  allows  me 
ninepence  is  a  ba.sket-iuaker  at  Heading ;  and 
the  shillin'  I  get  from  my  duugliier,  a  sen'ant, 
sir.  One  of  my  sous  died  iu  the  Crimmy; 
he  was  in  the  18tU  Light  Dragoons,  and 
died  at  Scutaii,  on  the  25th  of  May.  They 
could  not  hilp  me  more  than  they  thry  to  do, 
sir. 

"I  only  make  about  two  shilling  a-week 
here,  sir;  and  sometimes  I  don't  take  three 
ha'pence  a  day.  On  Sundays  I  take  about 
sivenpence,  ninepence,  or  tiupence,  'cordin'  as 
I  see  the  people  who  give  rigular. 

"  Weather  makes  no  difference  to  me  —  for, 
though  the  sum  is  small,  I  am  a  rigular  pin- 
sioner  like  of  theirs.  I  go  to  Somer's-town  Cha- 
pel, being  a  Catholic,  for  I'm  not  ashamed  to 
own  my  religion  before  any  man.  When  I  go, 
it  is  at  siven  in  the  evening.  Sometimes  I 
go  to  St.  Pathrick's  Chapel,  Soho-square.  I 
have  not  been  to  confission  for  two  or  three 
years  —  the  last  time  was  to  Mr.  Stanton,  at 
St  Pathrick's. 

"  There's  a  poor  woman,  sir,  who  goes  past 
here  every  Friday  to  get  her  pay  from  the 
palish,  and,  as  sure  as  she  comes  back  again, 
she  gives  me  a  ha'penny  —  she  does,  indeed. 
Sometimes  tlie  baker  or  the  greengrocer  gives 
me  a  ha'penny  for  minding  their  baskets. 

'I  I'm  perfectly  satisfied ;  it's  no  use  to 
grumble,  and  I  might  be  worms  oft",  sir.  Yes, 
I  go  of  arrinds  some  times ;  fitch  water  now 
and  then,  and  post  letters ;  but  I  do  no  odd 
jobs,  such  as  hilping  the  servants  to  clean  the 
knives,  or  such-like.  No:  they  wouldn't  let 
me  behint  tlie  shadow  of  their  doors." 

A  Third  who  asked  Leave. 

This  one  was  a  mild  and  rather  intelligent 
man,  iu  a  well-worn  black  dress-coat  and  waist- 
coat, a  pair   of  "moleskin"  trousers,  and  a 


474 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


blue-and-white  cotton  neckerchief.  I  found  i 
him  sweeping  the  crossing  at  the  end  of  | 
place,  opposite  the  church.  i 

He  eveiy  now  and  then  rogaled  himself 
with  a  pinch  of  snutT,  which  seemed  to  light 
up  his  careworn  face.  He  seemed  veiy  will- 
ing to  afford  me  information.     He  said :  — 

"  I  have  been  on  this  crossing  four  yeai-s. 
I  am  a  bricklayer  by  trade ;  but  you  see  how 
my  fingers  have  gone  :  it's  all  rheumatics,  sir. 
I  took  a  great  many  colds.  I  had  a  great 
deal  of  underground  work,  and  that  tries  a 
man  very  much. 

"  How  did  I  get  the  crossing  ?  Well,  I  took 
it — I  came  as  a  cas'alty.  No  one  ever  inter- 
fered with  me.  If  one  man  leaves  a  crossing, 
well,  another  takes  it. 

"  Yes,  some  crossings  is  worth  a  good  deal 
of  money.  There  was  a  black  in  Hegent-stxeet, 
at  the  comer  of  Conduit-street,  I  think,  who 
had  two  or  three  houses — at  least,  I've  heard 
so;  and  I  know  for  a  certainty  that  the  man 
in  Cavendish-square  used  to  get  so  much  a 
week  from  the  Duke  of  Portland — he  got  a 
shilling  a-day,  and  eighteenpence  on  Sundays. 
I  don't  know  why  he  got  more  on  Sundays.  I 
don't  know  whether  he  gets  it  since  the  old 
Duke's  death. 

'*  The  boys  worry  me.  I  mean  the  little 
boys  with  brooms;  they  are  an  abusive  set, 
and  give  me  a  good  deal  of  annoyance ;  they 
are  so  very  cheeky;  they  watch  the  police 
away  ;  but  if  they  see  the  police  coming,  they 
bolt  like  a  shot.  There  are  a  great  many 
Irish  lads  among  them.  There  were  not 
nearly  so  many  boys  about  a  few  years  ago. 

"  I  once  made  eighteenpence  in  one  day, 
that  was  the  best  day  I  ever  made  :  it  was  \  eiy 
bad  weather :  but,  take  the  year  through,  I 
don't  make  more  than  sixpence  a-day. 

"  I  haven't  worked  at  bricklaying  for  a 
matter  of  six  year.  What  did  I  do  for  the  two 
years  before  I  took  to  crossing-sweeping? 
Vvhy,  sir,  I  had  saved  a  little  money,  and 
managed  to  get  on  somehow.  Yes,  I  have 
had  my  troubles,  but  I  never  had  Avhat  I  call 
great  ones,  excepting  my  wife's  blindness. 
She  was  blind,  sir,  for  eleven  year,  and  so  I 
had  to  tight  for  everything  :  she  has  been  dead 
two  year,  come  September. 

"  I  have  seven  children,  five  hoys  and  two 
girls;  they  are  all  grown  up  and  got  families. 
Yes,  they  ought,  amongst  them,  to  do  some- 
thing for  me;  but  if  you  have  to  trust  to 
children,  you  will  soon  find  out  what  that  is. 
If  they  want  anything  of  you,  they  know  where 
to  find  you ;  but  if  you  want  anything  of  them, 
it's  no  go. 

"  I  think  I  made  more  money  when  first  I 
swept  this  crossing  than  I  do  now;  it's  not  a 
fjood  crossing,  sir.  Oh,  no ;  but  it's  handy 
home,  you  see.  "When  a  shower  of  rain  comes 
on,  I  can  run  home,  and  needn't  go  into  a 
public-house ;  but  it's  a  poor  neighbourhood. 

"  Oh  yes,  indeed  sir,  I  am  always  here. 
Certainly ;  I  am  laid  up  sometimes  for  a  day 


with  my  feet.  I  am  subject  to  the  rheu- 
matic gout,  you  see.  Well,  I  don't  know 
whether  so  much  standing  has  anything  to  do 
with  it. 

"  Yes,  sir,  I  have  heard  of  what  you  call 
*  shutting-up  shop.*  I  never  heard  it  called 
by  that  name  before,  though  ;  but  there's  lots 
of  sweepers  as  sweep  back  the  dirt  before 
leanng  at  night.  I  know  they  do,  some  of 
them.  I  never  did  it  myself — I  don't  care 
about  it ;  I  always  think  there's  the  trouble  of 
sweeping  it  back  in  the  morning. 

"  People  liberal  ?  No,  sir,  I  don't  think 
there  are  many  liberal  people  about ;  ii:.people 
were  liberal  I  should  make  a  good  deal  of 
money. 

"  Sometimes,  after  I  get  home,  I  read  a 
book,  if  I  can  bori'ow  one.  Wliat  do  I  read  ? 
Well,  novels,  when  I  can  get  them.  What  did 
I  read  last  night?  Well,  Rei/Holds's  Miscel- 
lany ;  before  that  I  read  the  Pilgrim's  Progress. 
I  have  read  it  three  times  over ;  but  there's 
always  something  new  in  it. 

"  AVell,  weather  makes  very  little  difference 
in  this  neighbourhood.  My  rent  is  two-and- 
sixpence  a-week.  I  have  a  little  relief  from 
the  parish.  How  much  ?  Two-and-sixpence. 
How  much  does  my  living  cost  ?  Well,  I  am 
forced  to  live  on  what  I  can  get.  I  manage 
as  well  as  I  can ;  if  I  have  a  good  week,  I 
spend  it — I  get  more  nourishment  then, 
that's  all. 

"  I  used  to  smoke,  sir,  a  great  deal,  but  I 
haven't  touched  a  pipe  for  a  matter  of  forty 
year.  Y'es,  sir,  I  take  snuff,  Scotch  and  Rap- 
pee, mixed.  If  I  go  without  a  meal  of  vic- 
tuals, I  must  have  my  snuff.  I  take  an  ounce 
a-week,  sir  ;  it  costs  fourpence — that  there  is 
the  only  luxury  I  get,  unless  somebody  gives 
me  a  half  pint  of  beer. 

"  I  very  rarely  get  an  odd  job,  this  is  not  the 
neighbourhood  for  them  things. 

"  Yes,  sir,  I  go  to  church  on  Sunday  ;  I  go 
to  All  Souls',  in  Langham-place,  the  church 
with  the  sharp  spire.  I  go  i)i  the  morning ; 
once  a-day  is  quite  enough  for  me.  In  the 
afternoon,  I  generally  take  a  wallc  in  the  Park, 
or  I  go  to  see  one  of  my  young  ones ;  they 
won't  come  to  the  old  crossing-sweeper,  so  I 
go  to  them." 

A  Eegent-street  Crossing-S^'eeper. 

A  MAN  who  had  stationed  himself  at  the  end 
of  Eegent-street,  near  the  County  Fire  Office, 
gave  me  the  following  particulars. 

He  was  a  man  far  superior  to  the  ordinary 
run  of  sweepers,  and,  as  will  be  seen,  had 
formerly  been  a  gentleman's  sen^ant.  His 
costume  was  of  that  peculiar  miscellaneous 
description  which  showed  that  it  had  from 
time  to  time  been  given  to  him  in  cliarity.  A 
dress  -  coat  so  marvellously  tiglit  that  the 
stitches  were  stretching  open,  a  waistcoat  with 
a  remnant  of  embroidery,  and  a  pair  of  trou- 
sers wliich  wrinkled  like  a  groom's  top-boot, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


-175 


had  all  e\ndently  been  part  of  the  wai-di-obe  i 
of  the  gentlemen  whose  errands  he  had  run. 
His  boots  were  the  most  curious  portion  of 
his  toilette,  for  they  were  large  enough  for  a 
fisherman,  and  the  poition  unoccupied  by 
the  foot  had  gone  flat  and  turned  up  like  a 
Turkish  slipper. 

He  spoke  with  a  tone  and  manner  wliich 
showed  some  education.  Once  or  twice  whilst 
I  was  listening  to  his  statement  he  insisted 
upon  removing  some  dirt  from  my  shoulder, 
and,  on  leaving,  he  by  force  seized  my  hat 
and  brushed  it — all  which  habits  of  attention 
he  had  contracted  whilst  in  service. 

I  was  surprised  to  see  stuck  in  the  wrist- 
band of  his  coat-sleeve  a  row  of  pius,  an-anged 
as  neatly  as  in  the  papers  sold  at  the  mercei-s'. 

"Since  the  Iiish  have  come  so  much — the 
boys,  I  mean — my  crossing  has  been  com- 
pletely cut  up,"  he  said ;  "  and  yet  it  is  in  as 
good  a  spot  as  coxild  well  be,  from  the  Coimty 
Fire  Office  (Mr.  Beaumont  as  owns  it)  to 
Swan  and  Edgar's.  It  ought  to  be  one  of  the 
fust  crossings  in  the  kingdom,  but  these  Irish 
have  spiled  it. 

'*  1  should  think,  ns  far  as  I  can  guess,  I've 
been  on  it  eight  year,  if  not  better ;  but  it  was 
some  time  before  I  got  known.  You  see,  it 
does  a  feller  good  to  be  some  time  on  a  cross- 
ing ;  but  it  all  depends,  of  course,  whether  you 
are  honest  or  not,  for  it's  according  to  your 
honesty  as  you  gets  rewarded.  By  rewarded, 
I  means,  jou  gets  a  character  given  to  you  by 
word  of  mouth.  For  instance,  a  party  wants 
me  to  do  a  job  for  'em,  and  they  says, '  Can 
you  get  any  lady  or  gentleman  to  speak  for 
you  ?'  And  I  says,  •  Yes ; '  and  I  gets  my  cha- 
racter by  word  of  mouth — that's  what  I  calls 
being  rewarded, 

♦*  Before  ever  I  took  a  broom  in  hand,  the 
good  times  had  gone  for  crossings  and  sweep- 
ers. The  good  times  was  thirty  year  back. 
In  the  regular  season,  when  tliey  (the  gentry) 
are  in  town,  I  have  taken  from  one  and  six- 
pence to  two  shilHngs  a-dny  ;  but  every  day's 
not  alike,  for  people  stop  at  home  in  wet  days. 
But,  you  see,  in  winter-time  the  crossings  ain't 
no  good,  and  then  we  turn  off  to  shovelling 
snow;  so  that,  you  see,  a  shilling  a-day  is 
even  too  liigh  for  us  to  take  regular  all  the 
year  round.  Now,  I  ain't  taken  a  shilling,  no, 
nor  a  blessed  bit  of  silver,  for  these  three  days. 
All  the  quality's  out  of  town. 

"  It  ain't  what  a  man  gets  on  a  crossing  as 
keeps  him;  that  ain't  worth  mentioning.  I 
don't  think  I  takes  sixpence  a-day  regular — 
all  the  year  round,  mind — on  the  crossing. 
No,  I'd  take  my  solemn  oath  I  don't !  If  you 
was  to  pat  down  fourpence  it  would  be  nearer 
the  marie.  I'll  tell  you  the  use  of  a  crossing 
to  such  as  me  and  my  likes.  It's  our  shop, 
and  it  ain't  what  we  gets  a-sweeping,  but  it's  a 
place  like  for  us  to  stand,  and  then  people  as 
wants  us,  comes  and  fetches  us. 

**  In  the  summer  I  do  a  good  deal  in  jobs.  I  do 
jmjUiiing  in  the  portering  line,  or  if  I'm  called 


to  do  boots  and  shoes,  or  clean  knives  and 
forks,  then  I  does  that.  But  tliat's  only  when 
people's  busy ;  for  I've  only  got  one  regular 
place  I  goes  to,  and  that's  in  A street,  Pic- 
cadilly. I  goes  messages,  parcels,  letters, 
and  anything  that's  requii'cd,  either  for  the 
master  of  the  hotel  or  the  gents  that  uses 
there.  Now,  there's  one  party  at  Swan  and 
Edgar's,  and  I  goes  to  take  parcels  for  him 
sometimes ;  and  he  won't  trust  anybody  but 
me,  for  you  see  I'm  know'd  to  be  trustworthy, 
and  tlien  they  reckons  me  as  safe  as  the  Bank, 
—  there,  that's  just  it. 

"  I  got  to  the  hotel  only  lately.  Y''ou  see, 
when  the  peace  was  on  and  the  soldiers  was 
coming  home  from  the  Crimmy,  then  the  go- 
vernor he  was  exceeding  busy,  so  he  give  me 
two  shillings  a-day  and  my  board ;  but  that 
wasn't  reg'lar,  for  as  he  wants  me  he  comes 
and  fetches  me.  It's  a-nigh  impossible  to  say 
v.hat  I  makes,  it  don't  turn  out  reg'lai- ;  Sun- 
days  a  shilling  or  one  -  and  -  sixpence,  other 
days  nothing  qit  all — not  salt  to  my  porridge. 
You  see,  when  I  helps  the  party  at  the  hotel, 
I  gets  my  food,  and  that's  a  lift.  I've  never 
put  down  what  I  made  in  the  course  of  the 
year,  but  I've  got  enough  to  find  food  and  rai- 
ment for  myself  and  family.  Sir,  I  think  I 
may  say  I  gets  about  six  shillings  a-week,  but 
it  ain't  more. 

"  I've  been  abroad  a  good  deal.  I  was  in 
Cape  Town,  Table  Bay,  one-and-twenty  miles 
from  Simons'  Town— for  you  see  the  French 
mans-of-war  comes  in  at  Cajie  Town,  and  the 
English  mans-of-war  comes  in  at  Simons' 
ToTivii.  I  was  a  gentleman's  servant  over 
there,  and  a  veiy  good  place  it  was ;  and  if 
anybody  was  to  have  told  me  years  back  tliat 
I  was  to  have  come  to  what  I  am  now,  I  could 
never  have  credited  it ;  but  misfortunes  has 
brought  me  to  what  I  am. 

"  I  come  {b  England  thinking  to  better 
myself,  if  so  be  it  was  the  opportunity ;  be- 
sides, I  was  tired  of  Africy,  and  anxious  to  see 
my  native  land. 

"I  was  vei-y  hard  up  —  ay,  very  hartt  up 
indeed — before  I  took  to  the  cross,  and,  in 
preference  to  turning  out  dishonest,  I  says, 
I'll  buy  a  broom  and  go  and  sweep  and  get  a 
honest  livelihood.  •     -  - 

"  There  was  a  Jewish  lady  and  her  husband 
used  to  live  in  the  Suckus,  and  I  knowed  them 
and  the  family — very  fine  sons  they  was'— ^and 
I  went  into  the  shop  to  ask  them  to  Ist  mo 
work  before  the  shop,  and  they  give  mfe  their 
permission  so  to  do,  and,  says  she,'  I'll  allow 
you  threepence  a-week.'  They've  been  good 
friends  to  me,  and  send  me  a  messages ;  and* 
wherever  they  be,  may  they  do  well,  I  says. 

"  I  sometimes  gets  clothes  give  to  me,  but 
it's  only  at  Christmas  times,  or  after  its  over; 
and  that  helps  me  along — it  does  so,  indeed. 

"  Whenever  I  sees  a  pin  or  a  needle,  I  picks 
it  up ;  sometimes  I  finds  as  many  as  a  dozen 
a-day,  and  I  always  sticks  them  either  in'  my 
cuff  or  in  my  waistcoat.    Very  often  a  lady 


476 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


sees  'em,  and  then  they  comes  to  me  and  says, 
'Can  you  oblige  me  with  a  pin?'  and  I  says, 
'  Oh  yes,  marm ;  a  couple,  or  three,  if  you 
requires  them ; '  but  it  turns  out  very  rare 
that  I  gets  a  trifle  for  anything  liko  that.  I 
only  does  it  to  be  obliging — besides,  it  makes 
you  friends,  like. 

"  I  can't  tell  who's  got  the  best  crossing  in 
London.  I'm  no  judge  of  tliat;  it  isn't  a 
broom  as  can  keep  a  man  now.  They'r^going 
out  of  town  so  fast,  all  the  harristocracy ; 
though  it's  middling  classes — such  as  is  in  a 
middling  way  like  —  as  is  the  best  friends  to 
me." 

A  Tradesman's  Ckossixg-Sweeper. 

A  MAN  who  had  worked  at  crossing-sweeping 
as  a  boy  when  he  first  came  to  London,  and 
again  when  he  grew  too  old  to  do  his  work  as 
a  labourer  iu  a  coal-yard,  gave  me  a  statement 
of  the  kind  of  life  he  led,  and  the  earnings  he 
made.  He  was  an  old  man,  with  a  forehead 
so  wrinkled  that  the  dark,  waved  lines  remind- 
ed me  of  the  grain  of  oak.  His  thick  hair 
was,  despite  his  great  age — which  was  nearly 
seventy — still  dark;  and  as  he  conversed  with 
me,  he  was  continually  taking  off  his  hat,  and 
wiping  his  face  with  what  appeared  to  be  a 
piece  of  flannel,  about  a  foot  square. 

His  costume  was  of  what  might  be  called 
"  the  all-sorts"  kind,  and,  from  constant  wear, 
it  had  lost  its  original  coloiu',  and  had  turned 
into  a  sort  of  duty  green-grey  hue.  It  con- 
sisted of  a  waistcoat  of  tweed,  fastened  to- 
gether with  buttons  of  glass,  metal,  and  bone ; 
a  tail-coat,  turned  brown  with  weather,  a  pair 
of  trousers  repaired  here  and  there  with  big 
stitches,  like  the  teeth  of  a  comb,  and  these 
formed  the  extent  of  his  wardrobe.  Around 
the  collar  of  the  coat  and  Avaistcoat,  and  on 
the  thighs  of  the  pantaloons,  the  layers  of 
grease  were  so  tlxick  that  the  fibre  of  the  cloth 
was  choked  up,  and  it  looked  as  if  it  had  been 
pieced  with  bits  of  leather. 

Eubbing  his  unshorn  chin,  whereon  the 
bristles  stood  up  like  the  pegs  in  the  barrel  of 
a  musical-box — until  it  made  a  noise  like  a 
hair-brush,  he  began  his  story  : — 

"  I'm  known  all  about  in  Parliament-street 
— ay,  every  bit  about  them  parts, — for  more 
than  thu-ty  year.  Ay,  I'm  as  well  known  as 
the  statty  itself,  all  about  them  parts  at 
Charing-cross.  Afore  I  took  to  ci'ossing- 
sweeping  I  was  at  coal-work.  The  coal-work  I 
did  was  backing  and  filling,  and  any  think  in 
that  way.  I  worked  at  Wood's,  and  Penny's, 
and  Douglas's.  They  were  good  masters,  Mr. 
Wood  'specially ;  but  the  work  was  too  much 
for  me  as  I  got  old.  There  was  plenty  of  coal 
work  in  them  times ;  indeed,  I've  yearned  as 
much  as  nine  shillings  of  a  day.  That  was  the 
time  as  the  meters  was  on.  Now  men  can 
hardly  earn  a  living  at  coal-work.  I  left  the 
coal-work  because  I  was  took  ill  with  a  fever, 
as  was  brought  on  by  sweating — oyex-exaction 


they  called  it.  It  left  me  so  weak  I  wasn't 
able  to  do  nothink  in  the  yards. 

"I  know  ]^Ir.   G ,  the  fishmonger,  and 

iMi'.  J ,  the  publican.     I  should  think  INlr. 

J has  knowed  me  this  eight-and-thiity-year, 

and  they  put  me  on  to  the  crossing.  You  see, 
when  I  was  odd  man  at  a  coal  job,  I'd  go  and 
do  whatever  there  was  to  be  done  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood.      If  there  was   anythink   as   Mr. 

G 's  men  coiildn't  do — such  as  can-ying 

fish  home  to  a  customer,  when  the  other  men 

were  busy — I  was   sent  for.     Or  Mr.  J 

would  send  me  with  sperrits — a  gallon,  or  half 
a  gallon,  or  anythink  of  that  sort — a  long 
journey.  In  fact,  I'd  get  anythink  as  come 
handy. 

"  I  had  done  crossing-sweeping  as  a  boy, 
before  I  took  to  coal-Avork,  when  I  first  come 
out  of  the  comitry.  My  own  head  first  put  me 
up  to  the  notion,  and  that's  more  than  fifty 
yeai'  ago — ay,  more  than  that ;  but  I  can't  call 
to  mind  exactly,  for  I've  had  no  parents  ever 
since  I  was  eight  year  old,  and  now  I'm  nigh 
seventy ;  but  it's  as  close  as  I  can  remember. 
I  was  about  thirteen  at  that  time.  There  was 
no  police  on  then,  and  I  saw  a  good  bit  of  road 
as  was  dirty,  and  says  I,  '  That's  a  good  spot  to 
keep  clean,'  and  I  took  it.  I  used  to  go  up  to 
the  tops  of  the  houses  to  throw  over  the  snow, 
and  I've  often  been  obliged  to  get  men  to  help 
me.  I  suppose  I  was  about  the  first  person 
as  ever  swept  a  crossing  in  Charing-cross ; 
(here,  as  if  proud  of  the  fact,  he  gave  a  kind  of 
moist  chuckle,  which  ended  in  a  fit  of  cough- 
ing). I  used  to  make  a  good  bit  of  money 
then  ;  but  it  ain't  worth  nothink,  now. 

"  After  I  left  coal-backing,  I  went  back  to 
the  old  crossing  opposite  the  Adm'ralty  gates, 

and  I  stopped  there  until  Mr.  G give  me 

the  one  I'm  on  now,  and  thank  him  for  it,  I 

says.     Mr.  G had  the  crossing  paved,  as 

leads  to  his  shop,  to  accommodate  the  cus- 
tomers.  He  had  a  German  there  to  sweep  it 
afore  me.  He  used  to  sweep  in  the  day — 
come  about  ten  or  eleven  o'clock  in  the  morn- 
ing, and  then  at  night  he  turned  watchman  ; 

for  when  there  was  any  wenson,  as  Mr.  G 

deals  in,  hanging  out,  he  was  put  to  watch  it. 
This  German  worked  there,  I  reckon,  about 
seven  year,  and  when  he  died  I  took  the  cross- 
ing. 

"The  crossing  ain't  much  of  a  living  for 
any  body — that  is,  what  I  takes  on  it.  But 
then  I've  got  regular  customers  as  gives  me 
money.  There's  Mr.  G ,  he  gives  a  shil- 
ling a-week;    and  there's  Captain  E •,   of 

the  Adm'ralty,  he  gives  me  sixpence  a  fort- 
night; and  another  captain,  of  the  name  of 

B, ,  he  gives  me  fourpence  every  Sunday. 

Ah !  I'd  forgot  Mr.  0 ,  the  Secretary  at  the 

Adm'ralty;  he  gives  me  sixpence  now  and 
then.  Besides,  I  do  a  lot  of  odd  jobs  for  dif- 
ferent people ;  they  knows  where  to  come  and 
find  me  when  they  wants  me.  They  gets  me 
to  carry  letters,  or  a  parcel,  or  a  box,  or  any- 
think of  that  there.     I  has  a  bit  of  vittals,  too, 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


477 


give  me  every  now  and  then;  but  as  for 
money,  it's  very  little  as  I  get  on  the  crossings 
— perhaps  seven  or  eight  shilling  a- week, 
reg'lar  customers  and  all. 

"  I  never  heard  of  anybody  as  was  leaving  a 
crossing  selling  it;  no,  never.  My  crossing 
aint  a  reg'lar  one  as  anybody  coxild  have.  If 
I  was  to  leave,  it  depends  upon  whether  Mr. 

G would  like  to  have  the  party,  as  to  who 

gets  it.  There's  no  such  thing  as  turning  a 
reg'lar  sweeper  out,  the  police  stops  that.  I've 
been  known  to  them  for  years,  and  they  are 
very  kind  to  me.  As  they  come's  by  they  says, 
•  Jimmy,  how  are  you?'  You  see,  my  crossing 
comes  handy  for  them,  for  it's  agin  Scotland- 
yard  ;  and  when  they  turns  out  in  their  clean 
boots  it  saves  their  blacking. 

"Lord  G used  to  be  at  the  Adm'ralty, 

but  he  ain't  there  now;  I  don't  know  why  he 
left,  but  he's  gone.  He  used  to  give  mo  six- 
pence every  now  and  then  when  he  come  over. 
I  was  near  to  my  crossing  when  Mr.  Drum- 
mond  was  shot,  but  I  wasn't  near  enough  to 
hear  the  pistol ;  but  I  didn't  see  nothink.  I 
know'd  the  late  Sir  Robert  Peel,  oh,  certantly, 
but  he  seldom  crossed  over  my  crossing, 
though  whenever  he  did,  he'd  give  me  some- 
think.  The  present  Sir  Eobert  goes  over  to 
the  chapel  in  Spring-gardens  when  he's  in 
town,  but  he  keeps  on  the  other  side  of  the 
way ;  so  I  never  had  any  think  from  him.  He's 
the  very  picture  of  his  father,  and  I  knows  him 
from  that,  only  his  father  were  rather  stouter 
than  he  is.  I  don't  know  none  of  the  mem- 
bers of  parliament,  they  most  on  'em  keeps  on 
shifting  so,  that  I  hasn't  no  time  to  recognise 
'em. 

"The  watering-carts  ain't  no  friends  of 
our'n.  They  makes  dirt  and  no  pay  for  clean- 
ing it.  There's  so  much  traffic  with  coaches 
and  carts  going  right  over  my  crossing  that  a 
fine  or  wet  day  don't  make  much  diflerence  to 
me,  for  people  are  afraid  to  cross  for  fear  of 
being  run  over.  I'm  forced  to  have  my  eyes 
aboat  me  and  dodge  the  wehicles.  I  never 
heerd,  as  I  can  tell  on,  of  a  crossing-sweeper 
being  run  over." 

2.  The  Ablb-bodie©  Female  Cbossino- 
svn-eepers. 

The  Old  Womak  "  ovbti  the  WATEn." 

She  is  the  widow  of  a  sweep — "  ns  respectable 
and  'dostrioos  a  man,'  I  was  told,  "  as  any  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  the  '  Borough  ; '  he  was 
a  sliort  man,  sir, — very  short,"  said  my  in- 
formant, "  and  had  a  weakness  for  top-boots, 
white  h«t«,  and  leather  breeches,"  and  in  that 
unsweeplike  costume  he  would  parade  him- 
self up  and  doi»-n  the  Dover  and  New  Kent- 
roods."  He  had  a  capital  connexion  (or,  as 
hi^  wido)W  terms  it,  "seat  of  business"),  and 
left  behind  him  a  good  name  and  reputation 
that  would  have  kept  the  "  seat  of  business '' 
together,  if  it  had  not  been  for  the  misconduct 
of  the  children,  two  of  whom  (sons)  have  been 


transported,  while  a  daughter  "  went  wrong," 
though  she,  wretched  creature,  paid  a  fearful 
penalty,  I  learnt,  for  her  frailties,  having  been 
burnt  to  death  in  the  middle  of  the  night, 
through  a  careless  habit  of  smoking  in  bed. 

The  old  sweeper  herself,  eighty  years  of  age, 
and  almost  beyond  labour,  very  deaf,  and 
rather  feeble  to  all  appearance,  yet  manages  to 
get  out  every  morning  between  four  and  five, 
so  as  to  catch  the  workmen  and  "  time- 
keepers" on  their  way  to  the  factories.  She 
has  the  true  obsequious  cvirtsey,  but  is  said  to 
be  very  strong  in  her  "  likes  and  dislikes." 

She  beax-s  a  good  character,  though  some- 
times inclining,  I  was  informed,  towards 
"  the  other  half-pint,"  but  never  guilty  of  any 
excess.  She  is  somewhat  profuse  in  her 
scriptural  ejaculations  and  professions  of  grati- 
tude.    Her  statement  was  as  follows  : — 

"  Fifteen  years  I've  been  on  the  crossing, 
come  next  Christmas.  My  husband  died  in 
Guy's  Hospital,  of  tlae  cholera,  three  days 
after  he  got  in,  and  I  took  to  the  crossing  somo 
time  after.  I  had  nothing  to  do.  I  am  eighty 
years  of  age,  and  I  couldii't  do  hard  work.  I 
have  nothing  but  what  the  great  God  above 
pleases  to  give  me.  The  poor  woman  who 
had  the  crossing  before  me  was  killed,  and 
so  I  took  it.  The  gentleman  who  was  the 
foreman  of  the  road,  gave  me  the  grant  to  take 
it.  I  didn't  ask  him,  for  poor  people  as  wants 
a  bit  of  bread  they  goes  on  the  crossings  as 
they  likes,  but  he  never  interfered  with  me. 
The  first  day  I  took  sixpence ;  but  them  good 
times  is  all  gone,  they'll  never  come  back 
again.  The  best  times  I  used  to  take  & 
shilling  a-day,  and  now  I  don't  take  but  a  few 
pence.  The  winter  is  as  bad  as  the  summer, 
for  poor  people  haven't  got  it  to  give,  and  gen- 
tlefolks get  very  near  now.  People  are  not  so 
hberal  as  they  used  to  be,  and  they  never  will 
be  again. 

"  To  do  a  hard  day's  washing,  I  couldn't.  I 
used  to  go  to  a  lady's  house  to  do  a  bit  of  wash- 
ing  when  I  had  my  sti-ength,  but  I  can't  do  it 
now. 

"  People  going  to  their  offices  at  six  or  seven 
in  the  morning  gives  me  a  ha'penny  or  a 
penny ;  if  they  don't,  I  must  go  without  it.  I 
go  at  five,  and  stand  there  till  eleven  or  twelve, 
till  I  find  it  is  no  use  being  there  any  longer. 
Oh,  the  gentlemen  give  mo  tlio  most,  I'm  sure ; 
the  ladies  don't  give  me  nothing. 

"  At  Christmas  I  get  a  few  things — a  gentle- 
man gave  me  these  boots  I've  got  on,  and  a 
ticket  for  a  half-quartern  loaf  and  a  hundred  of 
coals.  I  have  got  as  much  as  five  shillings 
at  Christmas — but  those  times  will  never  come 
back  again.  I  get  no  more  than  two  shillings 
and  sixpence  at  Christmas  now. 

"  My  husband,  Thomas was  his  name, 

was  a  chimley-swecp.  He  did  a  very  good 
business — it  was  all  done  by  his  sons.  We 
had  a  boy  with  us,  too,  just  as  a  friendly  boy. 
I  was  a  mother  and  a  mistress  to  him.  I've 
had  eleven  children.      I'm    grandmother  to 


-178 


LOXDOX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


fifteen,  and  a  great-grandmother,  too.  They 
won't  give  me  a  bite  of  bread,  though,  any  of 
'em,  I've  got  four  children  living,  as  far  as  I 
know,  two  abroad  and  two  home  here  -with 
families.  I  never  go  among  'em.  It  is  not  in 
my  power  to  assist  'em,  so  I  never  go  to  dis- 
tress 'em. 

"  I  get  two  shilling  a-week  from  the  parish, 
and  I  have  to  pay  out  of  that  for  a  quartern 
loaf,  a  quartern  of  sugar,  and  an  ounce  of  tea. 
The  parish  forces  it  on  me,  so  I  must  take  it, 
and  that  only  leaves  me  one  shilling  and  four- 
pence,  A  shilling  of  it  goes  for  my  lodging. 
I  lodge  with  people  who  knew  my  family  and 
me,  and  took  a  liking  to  me  ;  they  let  me  come 
there  instead  of  wandering  about  the  streets. 

"  I  stand  on  my  crossing  till  I'm  like  to 
di'op  over  my  broom  ■\\ith  tiredness.  Yes,  sir, 
I  go  to  chiu-ch  at  St.  George's  in  the  Borough. 
I  go  there  every  Sunday  morning,  after  I  leave 
my  roads.  They've  taken  the  organ  and 
chai-ity  children  away  that  used  to  be  there 
when  I  was  a  girl,  so  it's  not  a  church  now,  its 
a  chapel.  There's  nothing  but  the  preacher 
and  the  gentlefolks,  and  they  sings  their  own 
psalms.  There  are  gatherings  at  that  church, 
«  but  -^vh^thev  }t'§  t)X  th?  }:9or  or  not  I  don't 
kiioW.  /  don't  get  any  of  if: 
■'■:■ "  It  ^^{is  a  gi-etit  lt)^>3  tt)  Ifcd  wllen  my  husb.^Dd 
died;  1  Avent  all  to  ruin  then.  My  father  be- 
longed to  Scotland,  at  Edinboro'.  My  mother 
came  from  Yorkshire.  I  don't  know  v/here 
Scotland  is  no  more  than  the  dead.  My  father 
was  a  gentleman's  gardener  and  watchman.  My 
mother  used  to  go  out  a-chairing,  and  she  was 
drowned  just  by  Horsemonger  Lane.  She  was 
coming  through  the  Halfpenny  Hatch,  that 
used  to  be  just  facing  the  Crown  and  Anchor, 
in  the  New  Kent-road;  there  was  an  open 
ditch  there,  sir.  She  took  the  left-hand  turn- 
ing instead  of  the  right,  and  was  drownded. 
My  father  died  in  St.  Martin's  Workhouse. 
He  died  of  apoplexy  fit. 

"  I  used  to  mind  my  father's  place  till  mother 
died.  His  housekeeper  I  was — God  help  me  ! 
a  fine  one  too.  Thank  the  Lord,  ray  husband 
was  a  clever  man;  he  had  a  good  seat  of  busi- 
ness. I  lost  my  right  hand  when  he  died.  I 
couldn't  carry  it  on.  There  v\'as  my  two  sons 
went  for  sogers,  and  the  others  were  above 
their  business.  He  left  a  seat  of  business 
worth  a  hundred  pound ;  he  served  all  up  the 
New  Kent-road.  He  was  beloved  by  all  his 
people.  He  used  to  climb  himself  when  I  first 
had  him,  but  he  left  it  off  when  he  got  childi-en. 
I  had  my  husband  when  I  was  fifteen,  and 
kept  him  forty  years.  Ah  !  he  was  well-beloved 
by  all  around,  except  his  children,  and  they 
behaved  shameful.  I  said  to  his  eldest  son, 
when  he  lay  in  the  hospital,  (asking  your  par- 
don, sir,  for  mentioning  it) — I  says  to  his 
eldest  son,  '  Billy,'  says  I,  '  your  father's  very 
bad — why  don't  you  go  to  see  him?'  'Oh,' 
says  he,  'he's  all  right,  he's  gettin'  better;' 
and  he  was  never  the  one  to  go  and  see  him 
once  ;  and  he  never  come  to  the  funeral. 


"  Billy  thought  I  should  come  upon  him 
after  his  death,  but  I  never  troubled  him  for 
as  much  as  a  crumb  of  bread. 

"  I  never  get  spoken  to  on  my  roads,  only 
some  people  say, '  Good  morning,'  '  There  you 
are,  old  lady.'  They  never  asks  me  no  questions 
whatsomever.  I  never  get  run  over,  though  I 
am  very  hard  of  hearing ;  but  I  am  forced  to 
have  my  eyes  here,  there,  and  everywhere,  to 
keep  out  of  the  way  of  the  calls  and  coaches. 

"  Some  days  I  goes  to  my  crossing,  and  earns 
nothink  at  all :  other  days  it's  sometimes  four- 
pence,  sometimes  sixpence.  I  earned  four- 
pence  to-day,  and  I  had  a  bit  of  snufi'out  of  it. 
Why,  I  beheve  I  did  j^earn  fiveiDcnce  yesterday 
— I  won't  tell  no  story.  I  got  ninepence  on 
Suudnj' — that  was  a  good  day  ;  but,  God  knows, 
that  didn't  go  far.  I  yearned  so  much  I 
couldn't  bring  it  home  on  Saturday — it  almost 
makes  me  laugh, — I  yearned  sixpence. 

"I  goes  every  morning,  winter  or  summer, 
frost  or  snow ;  and  at  the  same  hour  (five 
o'clock)  ;  people  certainly  don't  think  of  giving 
so  much  in  fine  weather.  Nobody  ever  mis- 
lested  me,  and  I  never  mislested  nobody.  If 
they  gives  me  a  penny,  I  thanks  'em  ;  and  if 
they  gives  me  nothing,  I  thanks  'em  all  the 
same. 

"  TT  I  Was  to  go  into  the  House,  1  shouldn't 
live  three  days.  It's  not  that  I  eat  much  —  a 
very  little  is  enough  for  me  ;  but  it's  the  air  1 
should  miss:  to  be  shut  up  like  a  thief,  I 
couldn't  live  long,  I  know.'' 

The  Old  Womak  CpvOssing-Sweeper  avho 
HAD  A  Pensioner. 

This  old  dame  is  remarkable  from  the  fact 
of  being  the  chief  support  of  a  poor  deaf 
cripple,  who  is  as  much  poorer  than  the  cross- 
ing-sweeper as  she  is  poorer  than  Mrs. , 

in street,  who  allows  the  sweeper  sixpence 

a-week.  The  crossing-sweeper  is  a  rather  stout 
old  woman,  with  a  cai-neying  tone,  and  con- 
stant curtsey.  She  complains,  in  common  with 
most  of  her  class,  of  the  present  hard  times, 
and  reverts  longingly  to  the  good  old  days  when 
people  were  more  liberal  than  they  are  now, 
and  had  more  to  give.     She  says  : — 

"  I  was  on  my  crossing  before  the  police 
was  made,  for  I  am  not  able  to  work,  and  only 
get  helped  by  the    people  who   knows  me. 

Mr. ,  in  the  square,  gives  me  a  shilling 

a-week;  Mrs. ,  in  street,   gives  me 

sixpence;  (she  has  gone  in  the  country  now-, 
but  she  has  left  it  at  the  oD-shop  for  me)  ;- 
that's  what  I  depinds  upon,  darlin',  to  help 
pay  my  rent,  which  is  half-a-crown.  My  rent 
was  three  shillings,  till  the  landlord  didn't  wish 
me  to  go,  'cause  I  was  so  punctual  -with  my 
money.  I  give  a  corner  of  my  room  to  a 
poor  cretur,  who's  deaf  as  a  beadle ;  she 
works  at  the  soldiers'  coats,  and  is  a  very  good 
hand  at  it,  and  would  earn  a  good  deal  of 
money  if  she  had  constant  work.  She  owed 
as  good  as  twelve  shillings  and  sixpence  for 


THE  CEOSSING-SWEEPER  THAT  HAS  BEEN  A  MAID-SERVANT. 

[From  a  Photograph.] 


rag«  479. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


47!) 


rent,  poor  thing,  where  she  was  last,  and  the 
landlord  took  all  her  goods  except  her  bed ; 
she's  got  that,  so  I  give  her  a  comer  of 
my  room  for  charity's  sake.  We  must  look 
to  one  another :  she's  as  poor  as  a  chmch 
mouse.  I  thought  she  would  be  company 
for  me,  still  a  deaf  person  is  but  poor  company 
to  one.  She  had  that  heavy  sickness  they 
call  the  cholera  about  five  years  ago,  and  it 
fall  in  her  side  and  in  the  side  of  her  head 
too — that  made  her  deaf.  Oh!  she's  a  poor 
object.  She  has  been  with  me  since  tlie 
month  of  February.  I've  lent  her  money  out 
of  my  own  pocket.  I  give  her  a  cup  of  tea 
or  a  slice  of  bread  when  I  see  she  hasn't  got 
any.  Then  the  people  up-stairs  are  kind  to 
her,  and  give  her  a  bite  and  a  sup. 

"  My  husband  was  a  soldier ;  he  fought  at 
the  battle  of  Waterloo.  His  pension  was 
ninepeuce  a-day.  All  my  family  are  dead, 
except  my  grandson,  what's  in  New  Orleans. 
I  expect  him  back  tliis  very  month  that  now 
we  have:  he  gave  me  four  pounds  before  he 
went,  to  carry  me  over  the  last  winter. 

"  If  the  Almighty  God  pleases  to  send  him 
back,  hell  be  a  gieat  help  to  me.  He's  all 
I've  got  left.  I  never  had  but  two  childi-en  in 
all  my  life. 

"  I  Avorked  in  noblemen's  houses  before  I 
was  married  to  my  husband,  who  is  dead; 
but  he  came  to  be  pool-,  and  I  had  to  leave 
my  houses  where  I  used  to  work. 

"  I  took  twopence -halfpenny  yesterday,  and 
threepence  to-day ;  the  day  before  yesterday  I 
didn't  take  a  penny.  I  never  come  out  on 
Sunday;  I  goes  to  Rosomon-street  Chapel. 
Last  Saturday  I  made  one  shilling  and  six- 
pence; on  Friday,  sixpence.  I  dare  say  I 
make  three  shillings  and  sixpence  a-week, 
besides  the  one  shilling  and  sixpence  I  gets 
allowed  me.  I  am  forced  to  metke  a  do  of  it 
somehow,  but  I've  no  mora  strength  left  in 
me  tlum  tJiig  ould  broom." 

The  CttossiNo-SwEEPEB  who  had  been 
A  Sehvaht-Maid. 

Shb  is  to  be  fotmd  any  day  bebveen  eight  in 
the  morning  and  seven  in  the  evening,  sweep- 
ing away  in  a  convulsive,  jerky  sort  of  manner, 

close  to square,  near  the  Foundling.  She 

may  be  known  by  her  pinched-up  straw  bonnet, 
with  a  broad,  fiEuled,  almost  colourless  ribbon. 
She  has  weak  eyes,  and  weeu:^  over  them  a 
brownish  shade.  Her  face  is  tied  up,  because 
of  a  gathering  which  she  has  on  her  head. 
She  wears  a  small,  old  plaid  cloak,  a  clean 
cheeked  apron,  and  a  tidy  printed  gown. 

She  is  rather  shy  at  first,  but  willing  and 
obliging  enough  withal;  and  she  lives  down 

Liule Yard,  in  Great  street.   The 

"yard"  that  is  made  like  a  mousetrap — small 
at  the  entrance,  but  amazingly  large  inside, 
and  dil^^ated  though  extensive. 

Heas  ere  stablea  aad  a  oonple  of  blind 
aUagr8,.Bani«laM,  or  bearing  the  same  name  as 


the  yai'd  itself,  and  wherein  are  huddled  more 
people  than  one  could  count  in  a  quai'ter  of 
an  hotu',  and  more  children  than  one  likes  to 
remember,  —  diity  childi-en,  listlessly  trailing 
an  old  tin  baking-dish,  or  a  worn-out  shoe,  tied 
to  a  piece  of  string  ;  sullen  childi-en,  who  tui-n 
away  in  a  fit  of  sleepy  anger  if  spoken  to; 
screaming  children,  setting  all  the  parents  in 
the  "  yai-d "  at  defiance ;  and  quiet  children, 
who  are  arranging  banquets  of  dirt  in  the 
reeking  gutters. 

The  "  yaid  "  is  devoted  principally  to  coster- 
mongers. 

The  crossing-sweeper  lives  in  the  top-room 
of  a  two-storied  house,  in  the  very  depth  of 
the  bhnd  alley  at  tlie  end  of  the  yard.  She 
has  not  even  a  room  to  herself,  but  pays  one 
sliilling  a-week  for  the  priN-ilege  of  sleeping 
vvith  a  woman  who  gets  her  living  by  selling 
tapes  in  the  streets. 

"  Ah ! "  says  the  sweeper,  "  poor  woman,  she 
has  a  hard  time  of  it ;  her  husband  is  in  the 
hospital  with  a  bad  leg — in  fact,  he's  scarcely 
ever  out.  If  you  could  hear  that  woman 
cough,  you'd  never  forget  it.  She  would  have 
had  to  starve  to-day  if  it  hadn't  been  for  a 
person  who  actually  lent  her  a  gown  to  pledge 
to  raise  her  stock-money,  poor  thing." 

The  i-oom  in  which  these  people  live  has  a 
sloping  roof,  and  a  small-paned  windoAV  on 
each  side.  For  fmiiiture,  there  were  two  chairs 
and  a  shaky,  three-legged  stool,  a  deal  table, 
and  a  bed  rolled  up  against  the  wall — nothing 
else.  In  one  comer  of  the  room  lay  the  last 
lump  remaining  of  the  seven  pounds  of  coals. 
In  another  comer  there  were  herbs  in  pans, 
and  two  water-bottles  without  then-  noses.  The 
most  stiiking  thing  in  that  little  room  was 
some  crockery,  the  woman  had  managed  to 
save  from  the  wreck  of  her  things;  among 
this,  curiously  enough,  was  a  soup-tureen, 
with  its  lid  not  even  cracked. 

There  was  a  piece  of  looking-glass  —  a  small 
three-cornered  piece — fonning  an  almost  equi- 
lateral triangle, —  and  the  oldest,  and  most 
rubbed  and  worn-out  piece  of  a  mirror  that 
ever  escaped  the  dust-bin. 

The  fireplace  was  a  very  small  one,  and  on 
the  ttible  were  two  or  three  potatoes  and  about 
one-fifth  of  a  red  herring,  which  the  poor 
street-seller  had  saved  out  of  her  breakfast  to 
serve  for  her  supper.  "  Take  my  solemn  word 
for  it,  sir,"  said  the  sweeper,  '*  and  I  wouldn't 
deceive  you,  that  is  all  she  will  get  besides  a 
cup  of  weak  tea  when  she  comes  home  tired 
at  night." 

The  statement  of  this  old  sweeper  is  as 
follows  :— 

"  My  name  is  Mary .    I  live  in  ■ 

yard.     I  live  with  a  person  of  the  name  of 

,  in  the  back  attic ;  she  gets  her  living  by 

selling  fiowers  in  pots  in  the  street,  but  she  is 
now  doing  badly.   I  pay  her  a  shilling  a-week. 

•♦  My  parents  were  Welsh.  I  was  in  service, 
or  maid-of-all-work,  till  I  got  married.  My 
husband  was  a  seafaring  man  when  I  married 


480 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


him.  After  we  were  married,  he  got  Jiis  hving 
by  selling  memorandvma-almanack  books,  and 
the  like,  about  the  streets.  He  was  driven  to 
that  because  he  had  no  trade  in  his  hand,  and 
he  was  obliged  to  do  something  for  a  li\'ing. 
He  did  not  make  much,  and  over-exertion, 
witla  want  of  nourishment,  brought  on  a  para- 
lytic stroke.  He  had  the  first  fit  about  two 
years  before  he  had  the  second;  the  third  fit, 
which  was  the  last,  he  had  on  the  Monday, 
and  died  on  the  Wednesday  week.  I  have  two 
children  still  li\ing.  One  of  them  is  manned 
to  a  poor  man,  who  gets  his  living  in  the 
streets ;  but  as  far  as  lays  in  his  power  he 
makes  a  good  husband  and  father.  My  other 
daughter  is  living  with  a  niece  of  mine,  for  I 
can't  keep  her,  sir ;  she  minds  the  children. 

"  My  father  was  a  joumejTnan  shoemaker. 
He  was  killed ;  but  I  cannot  remember  how — I 
was  too  young.  I  eau't  recollect  my  mother. 
I  was  brought  up  by  an  uncle  and  aunt  till  I 
was  able  to  go  to  ser\'ice.  I  went  out  to  service 
at  five,  to  mind  children  under  a  nurse,  and  I 
was  in  service  till  I  got  man-ied.  I  had  a  gi-eat 
many  situations ;  you  see,  sir,  I  was  forced  to 
keep  in  place,  because  I  had  nowhere  to  go  to, 
my  uncle  and  aunt  not  being  able  to  keep  me. 
I  was  never  in  noblemen's  families,  only  trades- 
people's. Senice  was  very  hard,  sir,  and  so  I 
believe  it  continues. 

"  I  am  fifty-five  years  of  age,  and  I  have  been 
on  the  crossing  fourteen  years  ;  but  just  now 
it  is  very  poor  work  indeed.  Well,  if  I  wishes 
for  bad  weather,  I'm  only  like  other  people,  I 
suppose.  I  have  no  regular  customers  at  all ; 
the  only  one  I  had  left  has  lost  his  senses,  sir. 

Mr.  H ,  he   used  to   allow  us   sixpence 

a- week  ;  but  he  went  mad,  and  we  don't  get  it 
now.  By  us,  I  mean  the  three  crossing- 
sweepers  in  the  square  where  I  work. 

"  Indeed,  I  like  the  winter-time,  for  the 
families  is  in.  Though  the  weather  is  more 
severe,  yet  you  do  get  a  few  more  ha'pence.  I 
take  more  from  the  staid  elderly  people  than 
from  the  yoimg.  At  Christmas,  I  think  I  took 
about  eleven  shillings,  but  certainly  not  more. 
The  most  I  ever  made  at  that  season  was  four- 
teen shillings.  The  worst  about  Christmas  is, 
that  those  who  give  much  then  generally  hold 
their  hand  for  a  week  or  two. 

"A  shilling  a-day  would  be  as  much  as  I 
want,  sir.  I  have  stood  in  the  square  all  day 
for  a  ha'penny,  and  I  have  stood  here  for  no- 
thing. One  week  with  another,  I  make  two 
shillings  in  the  seven  days,  after  paying  for 
my  broom.  I  have  taken  threppence  ha'penny 
to-day.  Yesterday — let  me  see — well,  it  was 
threppence  ha'penny,  too ;  Monday  I  don't  re- 
member; but  Sunday  I  recollect — it  was  fip- 
pence  ha'penny.  Years  ago  I  made  a  great 
deal  more — nearly  three  times  as  much. 

"  I  come  about  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning, 
and  go  away  about  six  or  seven ;  I  am  hei'e 
every  day.  The  boys  used  to  come  at  one  time 
with  their  brooms,  but  they're  not  allowed  here 
now  by  the  police. 


"  I  should  not  think  crossings  worth  pur- 
chasing, unless  people  made  a  better  living  on 
them  than  I  do." 

I  gave  the  poor  creature  a  small  piece  of 
silver  for  her  trouble,  and  asked  her  if  that, 
with  the  threepence  halfpenny,  made  a  good 
day.     She  answei-ed  heartily — 

"  I  should  like  to  see  such  another  day  to- 
morrow, sir. 

"  Yes,  winter  is  veiy  much  better  than  sum- 
mer, only  for  the  trial  of  standing  in  the  frost 
and  snow,  but  we  certainly  do  get  more  then. 
The  families  won't  be  in  town  for  three  months 
to  come  yet.  Ah  !  this  neighbourhood  is  no- 
thing to  what  it  was.  By  God's  removal,  and 
by  their  own  removal,  the  good  families  are 
all  gone.  The  present  families  are  not  so 
liberal  nor  so  wealthy.  It  is  not  the  richest 
people  that  give  the  most.  Tradespeople,  and 
'specially  gentlefolks  who  have  situations,  are 
better  to  mo  than  the  nobleman  who  rides  in 
his  carnage. 

"  I  always  go  to  Trinity  Church,  Gray's-inn- 
road,  about  two  doors  from  the  Welsh  School 
— the  Rev.  Dr.  Witherington  preaches  there. 
I  always  go  on  Sunday  afternoon  and  evening, 
for  I  can't  go  in  the  morning;  I  can't  get 
away  from  my  crossing  in  time.  I  never  omit 
a  day  in  coming  here,  unless  I'm  ill,  or  the 
snow  is  too  heavy,  or  the  weather  too  bad,  and 
then  I'm  obligated  to  resign. 

"  I  have  no  friends,  sir,  only  my  children ; 
my  uncle  and  aunt  have  been  dead  a  long  time. 
I  go  to  see  my  children  on  Sunday,  or  in  the 
evening,  when  I  leave  here. 

"  After  I  leave  I  have  a  cup  of  tea,  and  after 
that  I  go  to  bed ;  very  frequently  I'm  in  bed  at 
nine  o'clock.  I  have  my  cup  of  tea  if  I  can 
anyway  get  it;  but  I'm  forced  to  go  without 
that  sometimes. 

"When  my  sight  Avas  better,  I  used  to  be 
very  partial  to  reading;  but  I  can't  see  the 
print,  sii',  now.  I  used  to  read  the  Bible,  and 
the  newspaper.  Story-books  I  have  read,  too, 
but  not  many  novels.  Yes,  Robinson  Crusoe  I 
know,  but  not  the  Pilgrim's  Progress.  I've 
heard  of  it ;  they  teU  me  it  is  a  very  interesting 
book  to  read,  but  I  never  had  it.  We  never 
have  any  ladies  or  Scripture-readers  come  to 
our  lodgings ;  you  see,  we're  so  out,  they  might 
come  a  dozen  times  and  not  find  us  at  home. 

"I  wear  out  three  brooms  in  a-week ;  but 
in  the  summer  one  will  last  a  fortnight.  I 
give  threepence  ha'penny  for  them  ;  there  are 
twopenny-ha'penny  brooms,  but  they  are  not 
so  good,  they  are  liable  to  have  their  handles 
come  out.  It  is  very  fatiguing  standing  so  many 
hours;  my  legs  aches  with  pain,  and  swells. 
I  was  once  in  Middlesex  Hosintal  for  sixteen 
weeks  ynth.  my  legs.  My  eyes  have  been  weak 
from  a  child.  I  have  got  a  gathering  in  my 
head  from  catching  cold  standing  on  the  cross- 
ing. I  had  the  fever  this  time  twelvemonth. 
I  laid  a  fortnight  and  four  days  at  home,  and 
seven  weeks  in  the  hospital.  I  took  the  diar- 
rhoea after  that,  and  was  six  weeks  under  the 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


481 


doctor's  hands.  I  used  to  do  odd  jobs,  but  my 
liealth  won't  permit  me  now.  I  used  to  make 
two  or  three  shillings  a-week  by  'em,  and  get 
scraps  and  things.  But  I  get  no  broken  vic- 
tuals now. 

"  I  never  get  anything  from  servants ;  they 
don't  get  more  than  they  know  what  to  do 
with. 

"  I  don't  get  a  drop  of  beer  once  in  a  month. 

"  I  don't  know  but  what  this  being  out  may 
be  the  best  thing,  after  all ;  for  if  I  was  at 
home  all  my  time,  it  would  not  agree  livith 
n>e." 

Statement  of  "  Old  John,"  the  Waterman 

AT  THE  FaRRINGDON-STREET  CaB-STAND,  CON- 
CERNING THE  Old  BiJkCK  Crossing-Sweeper 
WHO  LEFT  j£800  to  Miss  Waithman. 

"  Ybs,  sir,  I  knew  him  for  many  year,  though 
I  never  spoke  to  him  in  all  my  life.  He  was 
a  stoutish,  tliickset  man,  about  my  build,  and 
used  to  walk  with  his  broom  up  and  down  — 

80." 

Here  "  Old  John  "  imitated  the  halt  and  stoop 
of  an  old  man. 

"  He  used  to  touch  his  hat  continually,"  he 
went  on.  *' '  Please  remember  the  poor  black 
man,'  was  his  cry,  never  anything  else.  Oh 
yes,  he  made  a  great  deal  of  money.  People 
gave  more  then  than  they  do  now.  Where  they 
^ive  one  sixpence  now,  they  used  to  give  ten. 
It's  just  the  same  by  oiu:  calling.  Lived 
humbly  ?  Yes,  I  think  he  did ;  at  all  events, 
lie  seemed  to  do  so  when  he  was  on  his  cross- 
ing. He  got  plenty  of  odds-and-ends  from 
the  comer  there — Aldennan  Waithman's,  I 
mean ;  he  was  a  very  sober,  quiet  sort  of  man. 
No,  sir,  nothing  peculiar  in  his  dress.  Some 
})lacks  are  peculiar  in  their  dress ;  but  he 
would  wear  anything  he  could  get  give  him. 
They  used  to  call  him  Romeo,  I  think.  Cur'- 
ous  name,  sir ;  but  the  best  man  I  ever  knew 
was  called  Romeo,  and  he  was  a  black. 

"  The  crossing-sweeper  had  his  regular  cus- 
tomers ;  he  knew  their  times,  and  was  there 
to  the  moment.  Oh  yes,  he  was  always.  Hail, 
rain,  or  snow,  he  never  missed.  I  don't  know 
how  long  he  had  the  crossing.  I  remember 
him  ever  since  I  was  a  postboy  in  Doctors' 
Commons ;  I  knew  him  when  I  lived  in  Hol- 
bom,  and  I  havent  been  away  from  this  neigh- 
bourhood since  1809. 

"  No,  sir,  there's  no  doubt  about  his  leaving 
the  money  to  Miss  Waithman.  Everybody 
round  about  here  knows  it;  just  ask  them,  sir. 
Miss  Waithman  (an  old  maid  she  were,  sir) 
used  to  be  very  kind  to  him.  He  used  to 
sweep  from  Alderman  Waithman's  (its  the 
Sunday  Timet  now)  across  to  the  opposite  side 
of  the  way. 

**  When  he  died,  an  old  man,  as  had  been  a 
soldier,  took  possession  of  the  crossing.  How 
did  he  get  it?  Why,  I  say,  he  took  it.  First 
rome,  first  sarved,  sir ;  that's  their  way.  They 
never  sell  crossings.    Sometimes  (for  a  lark) 


they  shift,  and  then  one  stands  treat — a  gal- 
lon of  beer,  or  something  of  that  sort.  The 
perlice  interfered  with  the  soldier — you  know 
the  sweepers  is  aU  forced  to  go  if  tlie  perlice 
interfere;  now  with  us,  sir,  we  are  licensed, 
and  they  can't  make  us  move  on.  They  inter- 
fered, I  say,  with  the  old  soldier,  because  he 
used  to  get  so  drunk..  Why,  at  a  public-house 
close  at  hand,  he  would  spent  seven,  eight, 
and  ten  shillings  on  a  night,  three  or  four 
days  together.  He  used  to  gather  so  many 
blackguards  round  the  crossing,  they  were 
forced  to  move  him  at  last.  A  young  man  has 
got  it  now ;  he  has  had  it  three  year.  He  is 
not  always  here,  sometimes  away  for  a  week  at 
a  stretch;  but,  you  see,  he  knoAvs  the  best 
times  to  come,  and  then  he  is  sure  to  be  here. 
The  little  boys  come  with  their  brooms  now 
and  then,  but  the  perlice  always  drive  them 
away." 

3.  The  Able-bodied  Irish  Crossing- 
Sweeper. 

The  Old  Irish  Crossing-Sweeper. 

This  man,  a  native  of  "  Coimty  CoiTuk,"  has 
been  in  England  only  two  years  and  a  half. 
He  wears  a  close-fitting  black  cloth  cap  over 
a  shock  of  reddish  hau-;  round  his  neck  he 
has  a  coloured  cotton  kerchief,  of  the  sort 
advertised  as  "  Imitation  Silk."  His  black 
coat  is  much  torn,  and  his  broom  is  at  pre- 
sent remarkably  stumpy.  He  waits  quietly 
at  the  post  opposite  St. 's  Church,  to  re- 
ceive whatever  is  ofiered  him.  He  is  imas- 
suming  enough  in  his  manner,  and,  as  will  be 
seen,  not  even  bearing  any  malice  against  his 
two  enemies,  "  The  Swatestuff  Man"  and 
"  The  Switzer."    He  says : — 

"  I've  been  at  tliis  crossin'  near  upon  two  year. 
Whin  I  first  come  over  to  England  (about  two 
years  and  a  half  ago),  I  wint  a  haymakin', 
but,  you  see,  I  couldn't  get  any  work ;  and 
aflher  thrampin'  about  a  good  bit,  why  my 
eyesight  gettin'  very  wake,  and  I  not  knowin' 
what  to  do,  I  took  this  crossin'. 

"  How  did  I  get  it  ? — Will,  sir,  I  wint  walldn' 
about  and  saw  it,  and  nobody  on  it.  So  one 
momin'  I  brought  a  broom  wid  me  and  stood 
here.  Yes,  sir,  I  was  intherfered  wid.  The 
man  with  one  arm — a  Switzer  they  calls  him 
— he  had  had  the  crossin'  on  Sundays  for  a 
long  while  gone,  and  he  didn't  like  my  bein' 

here  at  all,  at  all.    '  B y  Irish'  he  used  to 

call  rte,  and  other  scandalizin'  names;  and 
he  and  the  swatestuff  man  opposite,  who  was 
a  friend  of  his,  tried  everythin'  they  could  to 
git  me  off  the  crossin*.  But  sure  I  niver 
harrumed  them  at  all,  at  all. 

"  Yis,  sir,  I  have  my  rigular  custhomers : 

there's  Mr. ,  he's  gone  to  Sydenham ;  he's 

very  kind,  sir.  He  gives  me  a  shilling  a- 
month.  He  left  worrud  with  the  sarvint 
while  he's  away  to  give  me  a  shilling  on  the 
first  day  in  every  month.   He  gave  me  a  letter 


48i2 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


to  the  Eye  Hospital,  in  Goulden  Square,  be- 
cause of  the  wakeness  of  my  eyesight;  but 
they'll  nivei'  cure  it  at  all,  at  all,  sir,  for  wake 
eyes  runs  in  my  family.  ^My  sister,  sir,  has 
wake  eyes;  she  is  working  at  Croydon. 

"  Oh  no,  indeed,  and  it  isn't  the  gintlefolks 
that  thry  to  get  me  ofi"  the  crossin' ;  they'd 
rather  shupport  me,  sir.  But  the  poor  payple 
it  is  that  don't  like  me. 

*'  Eighteenpince  I've  made  in  a  day,  and 
more :  niver  more  than  two  shillings,  and 
sometimes  not  sixpence.  Will,  sir,  I  am  not 
like  the  others ;  I  don't  run  afther  the  ladies 
and  gintlemen — I  don't  persevere.  Yesther- 
day  I  took  sixpence,  by  chance,  for  takin'  some 
luggage  for  a  lady.  The  day  before  yesther- 
day  I  took  tliree  ha'pence ;  but  I  think  I  got 
■sometliin'  else  for  a  bit  of  worruk  thin. 

"  Yes,  winther  is  better  than  summer.  I 
don't  know  v.hich  people  is  tlie  most  liberal. 
Sure,  sir,  I  don't  think  there's  much  difler- 
ence.  Oh  yes,  sir,  young  men  are  very  hberal 
sometimes,  and  so  ai-e  young  ladies.  Perhaps 
old  ladies  or  old  gintlemen  give  the  most  at  a 
time, — sometimes  sixpence, — perhaps  more; 
but  thin,  sir,  you  don't  git  an}-thing  else  for  a 
long  time. 

"  The  boy-sweepers  annoy  me  very  much, 
indeed;  they  use  such  scandalizin'  worruds 
to  me,  and  throw  din'ut,  they  do.  They 
know  whin  the  police  is  out  of  the  way,  so  I 
git  no  purtiction. 

"  Sm'e,  sir,  and  I  think  it  right  that  ivery 
person  should  attind  the  worruship  to  which 
he  belongs.  I  am  a  Cathohc,  sir,  and  attind 
mass  at  St.  Pathrick's,  near  St.  Giles's,  ivery 
Sunday,  and  I  thry  to  be  at  confission  wonst  a 
month. 

"  Whin  first  I  took  to  the  crossin',  I  was 
rather  irrigular ;  but  that  was  because  of  the 
Switzer  man — that's  the  man  with  the  one 
arm;  he  used  to  say  he  would  lock  me  up, 
and  iverj'thing.  But  I  have  been  rigular 
since. 

"  I  come  in  the  morruning  just  before 
eight,  in  time  to  catch  the  gintlefolks  going 
into  prayers;  and  I  leave  at  half-past  seven 
to  eight  at  night.  I  wait  so  late  because  I 
have  to  bring  a  gintleman  wather  for  his 
flowers,  and  that  I  do  the  last  thing. 

"  I  live,  sir,  in lane,  behind  St.  Giles's 

Church,  in  the  first-flure  front,  sir ;  and  I  pay 
one-and-threepence  a-week.  "There  are  three 
bids  in  the  room.  In  one  bid,  a  man,  his 
wife,  his  mother,  and  their  little  gu-1 — Julia, 
they  call  her — sleep ;  in  the  other  bid,\here's 
a  man  and  his  -wife  and  child.  Yes,  I  am 
single,  and  have  tlie  third  bid  to  myself.  I 
come  from  County  CoiTuk;  the  others  in  the 
room  are  all  Irish,  and  come  from  County 
Corruk  too.  They  sill  fruit  in  the  sthreet; 
in  the  winther  they  sill  onions,  and  sometimes 
oranges. 

"  There  a  Scotch  gintleman  as  brings  me 
my  breakfast  every  morning ;  indeed,  yes,  and 
lie  brings  it  himself,  he  does.    He  has  jjone 


to  Scotland  now,  but  he  ^N^ill  be  bai-k  in  a 
week.  He  brings  me  some  broad  and  mate, 
and  a  pinny  for  a  half  pint  of  beer,  sir.  He 
has  done  it  almost  all  the  time  I  have  been 
here. 

"  The  Switrer  man,  sir,  took  out  boaixls  for 
the  Polytickner,  or  some  place  like  that.  He 
got  fifteen  shillings  a-week,  and  used  to  come 
here  on  Sundays.  Yes,  sir,  I  come  here  on 
Sundays  ;  but  it  is  not  better  than  other  days. 
Some  people  says  to  me,  they  would  rather  I 
went  to  church  ;  but  I  tells  'em  I  do ;  and 
sure,  sii',  afther  mass,  there's  no  luin'um  in  a 
little  sweepin'  between  whiles. 

"  No,  sir,  there's  not  a  crossin'-sweeper  in 
Ould  Ireland.  Well,  sir,  I  niver  v.as  in  Dub- 
lin ;  but  I've  been  in  Corruk,  sir,  and  they 
don't  have  any  crossin'  sweepers  there. 

"  Whin  I  git  home  of  a  night,  sir,  I  am 
very  tii'ed ;  but  I  always  offer  up  my  devotions 
before  sleepin'.  Ah,  sir,  I  should  niver  have 
swijit  crossin's  if  a  friend  of  mine  hadn't  died; 
he  was  collector  of  tolls  in  Claruyldlts,  and  I 
used  to  be  witli  him.  He  lost  his  situation, 
and  so  I  came  to  England. 

"  The  Sv/itzer  man,  I  think  he  used  to  sweep 
at  eight  o'clock,  just  as  the  people  were  goin' 
to  prayers.  Oh,  sir,  he  was  always  black- 
geyardin'  me.  '  Go  back  to  your  own  coun- 
tbry,'  says  he — a  fmriner  himsilf,  too. 

"  Will,  yes  sir,  I  do  wish  for  bad  weather ; 
a  good  wit  day,  and  a  dry  day  afther,  is  the 
best. 

"  Siu-e  and  they  can't  turn  me  off  my  crossin* 
only  for  my  bad  conduct,  and  I  thry  to  be 
quiet  and  take  no  notice. 

"  Yis,  sir,  I  have  always  been  a  church-goer, 
and  I  am  seventy-five.  I  used  to  have  some 
good  rigular  customers,  but  somehow  I  haven't 
seen  anytliin'  of  them  for  this  last  twelve- 
month. Ah !  it's  in  the  bejther  neighbour- 
hoods that  people  give  rigularly.  I  niver  get 
any  broken  victuals.  Three- and-sixpence  is 
the  outside  of  my  earnings,  taking  one  week 
with  the  otlier. 

"  What  is  the  laste  I  ever  took  ?  Will,  sir, 
for  three  days  I  haven't  taken  a  farthin'.  The 
worust  week  I  iver  had  was  thirteen  or  four- 
teen pence  altogether;  the  best  week  I  iver 
had' was  the  winter  before  last  —  that  harrud 
winter,  sir,  I  remember  takin'  seven  shillhigs 
thin ;  but  the  man  at  Portmau-square  makes 
the  most. 

"Well,  sir,  I  belave  there's  some  of  every 
nation  in  the  world  as  sweeps  crossin's  in 
London." 

The  Fejiale  Irish  CnossiXG-SwEErER. 

In  a  street  not  far  from  Gordon-square  and 
the  New -road,  I  found  this  poor  old  woman 
resting  from  her  daily  labour.  She  was  sit- 
ting on  the  stone  ledge  of  the  iron  raiUngs  at 
the  comer  of  the  street,  huddled  up  in  the 
way  seemingly  natural  to  old  Irishwomen,  her 
broom  hidden  as  much  as  possible  under  her 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


■IS'-i 


petticoats.  Her  shawl  was  as  tidy  as  possible 
for  its  age.  She  was  sixty-seven  years,  and 
had  buried  two  husbands  and  five  children, 
fractured  her  ribs,  and  injured  her  groin,  and 
had  nothing  left  to  comfort  her  but  her  cross- 
ing, her  ha'porth  of  snufE^  and  her  '*  drop  of 
biled  wather,"  by  which  name  she  indicated 
her  "  tay." 

She  was  very  civil  and  intelligent,  and  an- 
swered my  inquiiies  veiy  readily,  and  with 
rather  less  circumlocution  than  the  Irish 
generally  display.  She  seemed  much  hurt  at 
the  closing  of  the  Old  St.  Pancras  churchyard. 
"They  buried  my  child  where  they'll  never 
bury  me,  sir,"  she  cried. 

She  told  the  story  of  her  accident  with 
many  involuntary  movements  of  her  hand  to- 
wards the  injured  pail,  and  took  a  spai*ing 
pinch  "of  snutf  from  a  little  black  snuflf-box, 
inlaid  with  mother-of-pearl,  for  which  she 
said  she  had  given  a  penny.  She  proceeded 
thus : — "I'm  an  Lishwoman,  sir,  and  it's  from 
Kinsale  I  come,  twelve  miles  beyond  Comik, 
to  the  left-hand  side,  a  seaport  town,  and  a 
great  place  for  fish.  It's  fifty  years  the  six- 
teenth of  last  June  since  I  came  in  St.  Giles's 
parish,  and  tliere  my  ildest  child  wint 
did.  Buried  she  is  in  Ould  St.  Pancras 
churchyarrud,  where  they'll  never  bury  me, 
sir,  for  they've  done  away  with  burying  in 
chm-chyarruds.  That  girl  was  forty-one  year 
of  age  the  seventeenth  of  last  Febniary, 
bom  in  Stratford,  below  Bow,  in  Essex.  Ah ! 
I  was  comfortable  there ;  I  lived  there  three 

year  and  abouts.  I  was  in  sarvice  at  Mr. 's, 

a  Frinch  gintleman  he  was,  and  kept  a  school, 
where  they  taught  Frinch  and  English  both ; 
but  I  dare  say  they  are  all  gone  did  years  ago. 
Ue  was  a  very  ould  gintleman,  and  so  was  his 
lady;  she  was  a  North-of-England  lady,  but 
very  stout,  and  had  no  children  but  a  son  and 
daughter.  I  was  quite  young  when  my  aimt 
brought  me  over.  My  uncle  was  three  year 
here  before  my  aunt,  and  he  died  at  White- 
chapel.  I  was  bechuxt  sixteen  and  seventeen 
when  I  come  over,  and  I  reckon  meself  at 
sixty-eeven  come  next  Christmas,  as  well  as  I 
ean  guess.  I  never  had  a  mother,  sir;  she 
died  idien  I  was  only  six  months  old.  My 
ikther,  sir,  was  maltster  to  Mr.  Walker  the  dis- 
tiller, in  Comik.  Ah !  indeed,  and  my  father 
was  well  to  do  wonst.  Early  or  late,  wit  or 
dry,  he  had  a  guinea  a-week,  but  he  worruked 
day  and  night;  he  was  to  attind  to  the  conui, 
and  he  would  have  four  min,  or  five  or  six, 
undther  him,  according  as  busy  they  might 
be.  My  father  has  been  did  four-and-twinty 
year,  and  I  wouldn't  know  a  crature  if  I  wint 
home.  Father  come  over,  sir,  and  wanted  me 
to  go  back  very  bad,  but  I  wotddn't.  I  was 
married  thin,  and  bad  buried  some  of  my 
ehilder  in  St  Pancras ;  and  for  what  should 
I  lave  England  f 

"  Oh  t  sir,  I  buried  three  in  eight  months, 
— two  mtna  and  their  father.  My  husband  was 
two  year  and  tin  months  keeping  his  bed;  he 


I  has  been  did  fifteen  years  to  the  eighth  of  last 
March ;  but  I've  been  man-ied  again. 

"  Siven  ehilder  I've  had,  and  ounly  two 
alive,  and  thej^'ve  got  enough  to  do  to  manage 
for  thimsilves.  The  boy,  he  foUers  the  mar- 
ket, and  my  daughter,  she  is  along  with  her 
husband ;  siu'O  he  sills  in  the  sti-eets,  sir.  I 
see  very  httle  of  her, —  she  lives  over  in  the 
Borough. 

"  I  think  I'll  be  afther  going  down  to  Kent, 
beyant  Maidstone,  a  hop-picking,  if  I  can  git 
as  much  as  to  take  me  down  tlio  road. 

"  My  daughter's  husband  and  me  don't  agree, 
so  I'm  bitter  not  to  see  them. 

"  Ivery  day,  sir — ivery  day  in  the  week  I 
am  here.  This  morunning  I  was  here  at  eight 
— that  was  earlier  than  usual,  but  I  came  out 
because  I  had  not  broke  my  fast  with  anything 
but  a  drop  of  wather,  and  that  I  had  two  tum- 
blers of  it  from  tlie  house  at  the  corrunner. 
I  intind  to  go  home  and  take  two  hirriags, 
and  have  a  drop  of  biled  wather — tay,  I  mane, 
sir. 

"  I  come  here  at  about  half-past  nine  to 
half-past  ten,  but  I'm  gitting  a  very  bad  leg. 
I  goes  home  about  five  or  six. 

"  I  have  taken  two  ha'pennies  this  morning ; 
thruppence  I  took  yisterday ;  the  day  before  I 
took,  I  think,  fourpence  ha'penny ;  that  was  my 
taking  on  Monday ;  on  Svmday  I  mustered  a 
shilling ;  on  Satui'day — I  declare,  sir,  I  forgit 
— fourpence  or  thruppence,  I  suppose,  but  my 
frinds  is  out  of  town  very  much.  They  gives 
me  a  penny  rigular  every  Simday,  or  a  ha'penny, 
and  some  tuppence.  Of  a  Sunday  in  the  good 
time  I  may  take  eighteenpence  or  sixteen- 
pence. 

"  Oh,  yes,  of  Christmas  it's  better,  it  is — 
four  or  five  shillings  on  a  Christmas-day. 

"  On  the  Monday  fortnight,  before  last 
Christmas  twelvemonth,  I  had  two  ribs  broke, 
and  one  fractui'ed,  and  my  grine  (groin)  bone 
injured.  Oh !  the  pains  that  I  feel  even  now, 
su*.  I  lived  then  in  Philhp's-gai'dens,  up  tliere 
in  the  New-road.  The  policeman  took  me  to 
the  hospital.  It  was  eighteen  days  I  niver 
got  off  my  bid.  I  came  out  in  the  morunning 
of  the  Christmas-eve.  I  hild  on  by  the  rail- 
ings as  I  wint  along,  and  I  thought  I  niver 
should  git  home.  How  I  was  knocked  down 
was  by  a  cart ;  I  had  my  eye  bad  thin,  the  lift 
one,  and  had  a  cloth  over  it.  I  was  just  comin' 
out  of  the  archway  of  the  coiurut  (close  by 

the  beer-shop)  away  from  Mr. 's  house, 

when  crossing  to  the  green-grocer's  to  git  two 
pounS  of  praties  for  my  supper,  I  didn't  see 
the  cart  comin'.  I  was  knocked  down  by  the 
shaft.  They  called,  and  they  called,  and  he 
wouldn't  stop,  and  it  wint  over  me,  it  did.  It 
was  loaded  with  cloth ;  I  don't  know  if  it  wasn't 
a  Shoolbred's  cart,  but  the  boy  said  to  the  hos- 
pital-doctor and  to  the  poUceman  it  was  heavily 
loaded.  The  boy  gave  me  a  shilling,  and  that 
was  all  the  money  I  received.  For  a  twelve- 
month I  couldn't  hardly  walk. 

"  On  that  Cbristmas-day  I  took  fovu:-and-tin- 


484 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


pence,  but  I  owed  it  all  for  rint  and  things  ; 
and  I'm  sure  it's  a  good  man  that  let  me  run 
it  the  score. 

"  Is  it  a  shillin'  I  iver  git  ?  Well,  thin,  sir, 
there's  one  gintleman,  but  he's  out  of  to\\'n  — 
Sir  George  He\\'itt  —  niver  passes  without 
givin'  me  a  shillin'. 

"  I  have  taken  one-and-ninepence  on  a  Sun- 
day, and  I've  taken  two  shillm's.  Upon  my 
sowl,  I've  often  gone  home  with  three  ha'pence 
and  tuppence.  For  this  month  past,  put  ivery 
day  together,  I  haven't  taken  three  shilling 
a-week. 

"  I  wear  two  brooms  out  in  a  week  in  bad 
wither,  and  thin  p'rhaps  I  take  four  to  five 
shillin',  Sunday  included;  but  for  the  three 
year  since  here  I've  been  on  this  crossin',  I 
niver  took  tin  shillin',  sir,  niver. 

"  Yes,  there  was  a  man  here  before  me :  he 
had  bad  eyes,  and  he  was  obligated  to  lave  and 
go  into  the  woiTukliouse  ;  he  lost  the  sight  of 
one  of  his  eyes  when  he  came  back  again.  I 
Imew  him  sweepin'  here  a  long  time.  "When 
he  come  back,  I  said,  '  Father,'  says  I,  '  I  wint 
on  your  crossin'.'  '  Ah,'  says  he, '  you've  got  a 
bad  crossin',  poor  woman ;  I  wouldn't  go  on 
it  again,  I  wouldn't;'  and  I  niver  seen  him 
since.  I  don't  know  whether  he  is  living  or 
not. 

"A  wit  day  makes  foui-pence  or  fippence 
difference  sometimes. 

"  Indeed,  I  have  heard  of  crossin'- sweepers 
TO  akin'  so  much  and  so  much.  I  hear  people 
talkin'  about  it,  but,  for  my  parrut,  I  wouldn't 
give  heed  to  what  they  say.  In  Oxford- street, 
towards  the  Pan'uks,  there  was  a  man,  years 
ago,  they  say,  by  all  accounts  left  a  dale  of 
money. 

"I  am  niver  annoyed  by  boys.  I  don't 
spake  to  none  of  them.  I  was  in  sarvice  till  I 
got  married,  thia  I  used  to  sill  fruit  through 
Kentish  Town,  Highgate,  and  Hampstead ; 
but  I  niver  sould  in  the  streets,  sir,  and  had 
my  rigular  customers  like  any  greengrocer.  I 
had  a  good  connixion,  I  had ;  but,  by  gitting 
old  and  feeble,  and  sick,  and  not  being  able  to 
go  about,  I  Avas  formssed  to  give  it  up,  I  was. 
I  couldn't  carry  twelve  pound  upon  my  hid — 
no,  not  if  I  was  to  get  a  sov'rin  a-day  for  it, 
now. 

"  I  niver  lave  the  crossin'.  I  haven't  got  a 
frind ;  nor  a  day's  pleasure  I  niver  take. 

"  Oh,  yes,  sir,  I  must  li;ive  a  pincli — this  is 
ray  snuff-box.  I  take  a  ha'porth  a-day,  and 
that's  the  only  comforrut  I've  got — that  and  a 
cup  of  tay ;  for  I  can't  dthrink  cocoa  or  coffee- 
tay. 

*'  My  feeding  is  a  bit  of  brid  and  butther.  I 
haven't  bought  a  bit  of  mate  tliese  three 
months.  I  used  to  git  two  penn'orth  of  bones 
and  mat2  at  Mrs.  Baker's,  down  there ;  but 
mate  is  so  dear,  that  they  don't  have  'em  now, 
and  it's  ashamed  I  am  of  bothcrin'  thim  so 
often.  I  frequintly  liavo  a  hirrin'.  Oh  dear ! 
no  sir.  Wather  is  my  dthrink.  I  can't  afforrud 
no  beer.    Sometimes  I  have  a  penn'orth  of 


gin  and  could  water,  and  I  find  it  do  me  a 
worruld  of  good.  Sometimes  I  git  enough  to 
eat,  but  lately,  indeed,  I  can't  git  that.  I  de- 
clare I  don't  know  which  people  give  the  most; 
the  gintlemeu  give  me  more  in  Avit  wither,  for 
then  the  ladies,  you  see,  can't  let  their  dresses 
out  of  their  hands. 

"I  am  a  Catholic,  sir.  I  go  to  St.Pathrick's 
sometimes,  or  I  go  to  Gordon -street  Churruch. 
I  don't  care  which  I  go  to — it's  all  the  same 
to  me ;  but  I  haven't  been  to  churruch  for 
months.  I've  nothing  to  charge  mysilf  wid  ; 
and,  indeed,  I  haven't  been  to  confission  for 
some  year. 

'•  Tradespeople  are  very  kind,  indeed  they 
are. 

"  Yes,  I  think  I'll  go  to  Kint  a  hop-pickin' ; 
and  as  for  my  crossin',  I  lave  it,  sir,  just  as 
it  is.     I  go  five  miles  beyant   Maidstdne.     I 

worruked  fifteen  years  at  Mr. ;  he  was  a 

pole-puller  and  binsman  in  the  hop- ground. 

"I've  not  been  down  there  since  the  year 
before  last.  I  was  too  poorly  after  that  acci- 
dent. We  make  about  eighteenpence,  two 
shilUn's,  or  one  shillin', 'cording  as  the  hops 
is  good.  No  lodging  nor  fire  to  pay ;  and  we 
git  plinty  of  good  milk  chape  there.  I  manage 
thin  to  save  a  little  money  to  hilp  us  in  the 
winther. 

"  I  live  in street,  Siven  Dials ;  but  I'm 

going  to  lave  my  son — we  can't  agree.  We 
live  in  the  two-pair  back.  I  pay  nothing 
a-week,  only  bring  home  ivery  ha'penny  to 
hilp  thim.  Sometimes  I  spind  a  pinny  or 
tuppence  out  on  mysilf.        .    ■ 

"  My  son  is  doin'  very  badly.  He  sills  fruit 
in  the  sthreets ;  but  he's  niver  been  used  to 
it  before  ;  and  he  has  pains  in  his  limbs  with 
so  much  walking.  He  has  no  connixion,  and 
with  the  stlirawbirries  now  he's  forrused  to 
walk  about  of  a  night  as  will  as  a  day,  for  they 
won't  keep  till  the  morrunning ;  they  all  go 
mouldy  and  bad.  My  son  has  been  used  to 
tlie  bricklaying,  sir:  he  can  lit  in  a  stove  or  a 
copper,  or  do  a  bit  of  plasther  or  lath,  or  the 
like.  His  wife  is  a  very  just,  clane,  sober 
woman,  and  he  has  got  three  good  childer ; 
there  is  Catherine,  who  is  named  afther  me, 
she  is  nearly  five ;  lUen,  two  years  and  six 
months,  named  after  her  mother;  and  Mar- 
garet, the  baby,  six  months  ould  —  and  she  is 
called  afther  my  daughter,  who  is  did." 

4.  The  Occasional  Crossing-Sweepeus. 

The  Suxday  Crossing-Sweepee. 

"I'M  a  Sunday  crossing-sweeper,"  said  an 
oyster-stall  keeper,  in  answer  to  my  inquiries. 
"  I  mean  by  that,  I  only  sweep  a  crossing  on  a 
Sunday.  I  pitch  in  the  Lorrim ore- road,  New- 
ington,  with  a  few  oysters  on  week-days,  and 
I  does  jobs  for  the  people  about  there,  sich  as 
cleaning  a  few  knives  and  forks,  or  shoes  and 
boots,  and  windows.  I've  been  in  the  habit 
of  sweeping  a  crossing  about  four  or  fire 
years. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


485 


"  I  never  knowed  my  father,  he  died  when 
I  was  a  baby.  He  was  a  'terpreter,  aiid 
spoke  seven  diflferent  languages.  'My  father 
used  to  go  with  Bonaparte's  army,  and  used 
to  'terpret  for  him.  He  died  in  the  South 
of  France.  I  had  a  brother,  but  he  died 
quite  a  child,  and  my  mother  supported  me 
and  a  sister  by  being  cook  in  a  gentleman's 
family :  we  was  put  out  to  nurse.  My  mother 
couldn't  afford  to  put  me  to  school,  and  so 
I  can't  read  nor  write.  I'm  forty-one  years 
old. 

"  The  fust  work  I  ever  did  was  being 
boy  at  a  pork-butcher's.  I  used  to  take  out 
the  meat  wot  was  ordered.  At  last  my 
master  got  broke  up,  and  I  was  discharged 
from  my  place,  and  I  took  to  selliu'  a  few 
sprats.  I  had  no  thoughts  of  taking  to  a 
crossing  then.  I  was  ten  year  old.  I  re- 
member I  give  two  shillings  for  a  '  shallow  ; ' 
that's  a  flat  basket  with  two  handles ;  they 
put  'em  a  top  of '  well- baskets,'  them  as  can 
carry  a  good  load.  A  well-baskets  almost 
like  a  coffin ;  it's  a  long  im  like  a  shallow, 
on'y  it's  a  good  deal  deeper — about  as  deep  as 
a  washin'  tub.  I  done  very  fair  with  my 
sprats  till  they  got  dear  and  come  up  very 
small,  so  then  I  was  obliged  to  get  a  few 
plaice,  and  then  I  got  a  few  baked  'taters 
and  sold  them.  I  hadn't  money  enough  to 
buy  a  tin — I  could  a  got  one  for  eight  shil- 
lings— so  I  put  'em  in  a  cross-handle  basket, 
and  carried  'em  round  the  streets,  and  into 
public-houses,  and  cried  "  Baked  taters,  all 
hot ! '  I  used  only  to  do  this  of  a  night,  and 
it  brought  me  about  four  or  five  shillings  a- 
week.  I  used  to  fill  up  the  day  by  going 
round  to  gentlemen's  houses  where  I  was 
known,  to  run  for  errands  and  clean  knives 
and  boots,  and  that  brought  me  sich  a  thing 
as  four  sliillings  a-week  more  altogether. 

"I  never  had  no  idea  then  of  sweeping  a 
crossing  of  a  Simday ;  but  at  last  I  was  obUged 
to  push  to  it  I  kept  on  like  this  for  many 
years,  and  at  last  a  gentleman  named  ]\Ir. 
Jackson  promised  to  buy  me  a  tin,  but  he 
died.  My  mother  went  blind  through  a 
blight ;  that  was  the  cause  of  my  fust  going 
ont  to  work,  and  so  I  had  to  keep  her ;  but  I 
didn't  mind  that :  I  thought  it  was  my  duty  so 
to  do. 

"About  ten  years  ago  I  got  married;  my 
wife  used  to  go  out  washing  and  ironing.  I 
thought  two  of  us  would  get  on  better  than 
one,  and  she  didn't  mind  helpin'  me  to  keep 
my  mother,  for  I  was  determined  my  mother 
shouldnt  go  into  the  workhouse  so  long  as 
I  coold  help  it 

"A  year  or  two  after  I  got  married,  I 
fotuid  I  must  do  something  more  to  help  to 
keep  home,  and  then  I  fust  thought  of 
sweepin'  a  crossing  on  Stindays;  so  I  bought 
a  heath  broom  for  twopence-ha'penny,  and  I 
pitched  agin'  the  Canterbury  Arms,  Kenning- 
ton ;  it  was  between  a  baker's  shop  and  a 
pnbiic-hotise   and    butcher's;   they   told    me 


they'd  all  give  me  something  if  I'd  sweep  the 
crossing  reg'lar. 

"The  best  places  is  in  front  of  chapels 
and  churches,  'cause  you  can  take  more 
money  in  front  of  a  chm-ch  or  a  chapel 
than  wot  you  can  in  a  private  road,  'cos 
they  look  at  it  more,  and  a  good  many  thinks 
Avhen  you  sweeps  in  front  of  a  public-house 
that  you  go  and  spend  your  money  inside  in 
waste. 

"  The  first  Sunday  I  went  at  it,  I  took 
eighteenpence.  I  began  at  nine  o'clock  in  the 
morning  and  stopped  till  four  in  the  after- 
noon. The  publican  give  fourpence,  and  the 
baker  sixpence,  and  the  butcher  threepence, 
so  that  altogether  I  got  above  a  half-crown. 
I  stopped  at  this  crossing  a  year,  and  I  always 
knocked  up  about  two  shillings  or  a  half- 
crown  on  the  Sundaj^  I  very  seldom  got 
anythink  from  the  ladies ;  it  was  most  all 
give  by  the  gentlemen.  Little  children  used 
sometimes  to  give  me  ha'pence,  but  it  was 
when  their  father  give  it  to  'em  ;  the  little 
children  like  to  do  that  sort  of  thing. 

"  The  way  I  come  to  leave  this  crossing 
was  this  here :  the  road  was  being  repaired, 
and  they  shot  down  a  lot  of  stones,  so  then  I 
couldn't  sweep  no  crossing.  I  looked  out  for 
another  place,  and  I  went  opposite  the  Duke 
of  Sutherland  public-house  in  the  Lorrimore- 
road.  I  swept  there  one  Sunday,  and  I  got 
about  one-and-sixpence.  "While  I  was  sweep- 
ing this  crossing,  a  gentleman  comes  up  to  me, 
and  he  axes  me  if  I  ever  goes  to  chapel  or 
chm-ch;  and  I  tells  him,  'Yes;'  I  goes  to 
church,  wot  I'd  been  brought  up  to;  and  then 
he  says,  '  You  let  me  see  you  at  St.  Michsiel's 
Church,  Brixton,  and  I'll  'courage  you,  and 
you'll  do  better  if  you  come  up  and  sweep 
in  front  there  of  a  Svmday  instead  of  where 
you  are;  you'll  be  siu-e  to  get  more  money, 
and  get  better  'coiu-aged.  It  don't  matter 
what  you  do,'  he  says, '  as  long  as  it  brings 
you  in  a  honest  crust ;  anythink's  better  than 
tliieving.'  And  then  the  gent  gives  me  six- 
pence and  goes  away. 

"As  soon  as  he'd  gone  I  started  off  to 
his  church,  and  got  there  just  after  the 
people  was  all  in.  I  left  my  broom  in  the 
chxurchyard.  When  I  got  inside  the  church, 
I  could  see  him  a-sitten  jest  agin  the  com- 
munion table,  so  I  walks  to  the  free  seats  and 
sets  down  right  close  again  the  communion 
table  myself,  for  his  pew  was  on  my  right,  and 
he  saw  me  directly  and  looked  and  smiled  at 
me.  As  he  was  coming  out  of  the  church 
he  says,  says  he,  *  As  long  as  I  live,  if  you 
comes  here  on  a  Sunday  reg'lar  I  shall  always 
'courage  you.' 

"  The  next  Sunday  I  went  up  to  the  church 
and  swept  the  crossing,  and  he  see  me  there, 
but  he  didn't  give  me  nothink  till  the  church 
was  over,  and  then  he  gave  me  a  shilling,  and 
the  other  people  give  me  about  one-and  six- 
pence ;  so  I  got  about  two-and-sixpence  altoge- 
ther, and  I  thought  that  was  a  good  beginning. 


486 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"The  next  Sunday  the  gen'ehnaii  was  ill, 
but  he  didn't  forget  me.  He  sent  me  six- 
pence by  his  sei-vant,  hikI  I  got  from  the  other 
people  about  two  shillings  more.  I  never  see 
that  gentleman,  after  for  he  died  on  the  Sa- 
turday. His  wife  sent  for  me  on  the  Sunday ; 
she  was  ill  a-bed,  and  I  see  one  of  the  daugh- 
ters, and  she  gave  me  sixpence,  and  said  I 
was  to  be  there  on  Monday  morning.  I  went 
on  tlie  Monday,  and  the  lady  was  much  worse, 
and  I  see  the  daughter  again.  She  gave  me 
a  couple  of  shirts,  and  told  me  to  come  on  the 
Friday,  and  when  I  went  on  that  day  I  found 
the  old  lady  was  dead.  The  daughter  gave 
me  a  coat,  and  trousers,  and  waistcoat. 

"  After  the  daughters  had  buried  the  father 
and  mother  they  moved.  I  kept  on  sweeping 
at  the  church,  till  at  last  things  got  so  bad 
that  I  come  away,  for  nobody  give  me  nothink. 
The  houses  about  there  was  so  damp  that 
I)eople  wouldn't  live  in  'em. 

"  So  then  I  come  up  into  Lon-imore-road, 
and  there  I've  been  ever  since.  I  don't  get 
on  wonderful  well  there.  Sometimes  I  dont 
get  above  sixpence  all  day,  but  it's  mostly  a 
shilling  or  so.  The  most  I've  took  is  about 
one-and-sixpence.  The  reason  why  I  stop 
there  is,  because  I'm  known  there,  you  see.  I 
stands  there  all  the  week  selling  highsters, 
and  the  people  about  there  give  me  a  good 
many  jobs.  Besides, -the  road  is  rather  bad 
there,  and  they  like  to  have  a  clean  cross- 
ing of  a  Sunday. 

"I  don't  get  any  more  money  in  the  winter 
(though  it's  muddier)  than  I  do  in  the  sum- 
mer ;  the  reason  is,  'cause  there  isn't  so  many 
people  Stirling  about  in  the  winter  as  there  is 
in  the  summer. 

"  One  broom  will  cany  me  over  three  Sun- 
days, and  I  gives  twopence-ha'penny  a-piece 
for  'em.  Sometimes  the  people  bring  me  out 
at  my  crossing — 'specially  in  cold  weather — a 
mug  of  hot  tea  and  some  bread  and  butter,  or 
a  bit  of  meat.  I  don't  know  any  ether  cross- 
ing-sweeper ;  I  never  'sociates  with  nobody.  I 
always  keeps  my  own  counsel,  and  likes  my 
own  company  the  best. 

"  My  wife's  been  dead  five  months,  and  my 
mother  six  months ;  but  I've  got  a  little  boy 
seven  year  old  ;  he  stops  at  school  all  day  till 
I  go  home  at  night,  and  then  I  fetches  him 
home.  I  mean  to  do  something  better  "svith 
him  than  give  him  a  broom :  a  good  many 
people  would  set  him  on  a  crossing ;  but  I 
mean  to  keep  him  at  school.  I  want  to  see 
him  read  and  ^vrite  well,  because  he'll  suit 
for  a  place  then. 

"  There's  some  art  in  sweeping  a  crossing 
even.  That  is,  you  mustn't  sweep  too  hard, 
'cos  if  you  do,  you  wears  a  hole  right  in  the 
road,  and  then  the  water  hangs  in  it.  It's  the 
same  as  sweeping  a  path ;  if  you  sweeps  too 
hard  you  wears  up  the  stones. 

"  To  do  it  properly,  you  must  put  the  end 
of  the  broom-handle  in  the  palm  of  your  right 
hand,  and  lay  hold  of  it  with  your  left,  about 


halfway  down  ;  then  you  takes  half  your  cross- 
ing, and  sweeps  on  one  side  till  you  gets  over 
the  road  ;  then  you  tm-ns  round  and  comes  back 
doing  the  other  lialf.  Some  people  holds  the 
broom  before  'em,  and  keeps  swaying  it  back- 
'ards  and  foi-'ai-ds  to  sweep  the  width  of  the 
crossing  all  in  one  stroke,  but  that  ain't  sich 
a  good  plan,  'cause  you're  apt  to  splash  people 
that's  coming  by ;  and  besides,  it  wears  tlie  road 
in  holes  and  wears  out  the  broom  so  quick.  I 
always  use  my  broom  steady.  I  never  splash 
nobody. 

"  I  never  tried  myself,  but  I've  seen  some 
crossin'-sweepers  as  could  do  all  manner  of 
things  in  mud,  sich  as  diamonds,  and  stars, 
and  the  moon,  and  letters  of  the  alphabet; 
and  once  in  Oxford-street  I  see  our  Saviour 
on  his  cross  in  mud,  and  it  was  done  well, 
too.  The  figure  vrasn't  done  with  the  broom, 
it  was  done  with  a  pointed  piece  of  stick  ;  it 
was  a  boy  as  I  see  doin'  it,  about  fifteen.  He 
didn't  seem  to  take  much  money  while  I  was 
a-looking  at  him. 

"  I  don't  think  I  should  a  took  to  crossin' 
sweeping  if  I  hadn't  got  married;  but  when 
I'd  got  a  couple  of  children  (for  I've  had  a 
gid  die  ;  if  she'd  lived  she'd  a  been  eight 
year  old  now,)  I  found  I  must  do  a  some- 
thin',  and  so  I  took  to  the  broom." 

B.    The  Afflicted  Crossmg-Siceejjers. 

Tke  Wooden-legged  Sweeper. 

This  man  lives  up  a  little  court  running  out  of 
a  wide,  second-rate  street.  It  is  a  small  court, 
consisting  of  some  half-dozen  houses,  all  of 
them  what  are  called  by  courtesy  "  private." 

I  inquired  at  No.  3  for  John ;  "  The 

fii'st-floor  back,  if  you  please,  sii- ; "  and  to  the 
first-floor  back  I  went. 

Here  I  was  answered  by  a  good-looking  and 
intelligent  young  woman,  with  a  baby,  who 
said  her  husband  had  not  yet  come  home,  but 
would  I  walk  in  and  wait?  I  did  so;  and 
found  myself  in  a  very  small,  close  room, 
^•ith  a  little  furniture,  which  the  man  called 
"  his  few  sticks,"  and  presently  discovered 
another  child — a  little  girl.  The  girl  was  ver}' 
siiy  in  her  manner,  being  only  two  years  and 
two  months  old,  and  as  her  mother  said,  very 
ailing  from  the  difficulty  of  cutting  her  teeth, 
though  the  true  cause  seemed  to  be  want  of 
proper  nourishment  and  fresh  air.  The  baby 
was  a  boy — a  fine,  cheerful,  good-tempered 
little  fellow,  but  rather  pale,  and  with  an  un- 
naturally large  forehead.  The  mantelpiece 
of  the  room  was  filled  with  little  ornaments  of 
various  soi'ts,  such  as  bead-baskets,  and  over 
them  hung  a  series  of  black  profiles — not 
portraits  of  either  the  crossing-sweeper  or 
any  of  his  family,  but  an  odd  lot  of  heads, 
which  had  lost  their  ov/ners  many  a  year,  and 
served,  in  company  with  a  little  red,  green, 
and  yeUow  scripture-piece,  to  keep  the  wall 
from  looking  bare.    Over  the  door  (inside  thi 


LOXDOIf  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


487 


room)  was  nailed  a  horse-shoe,  wliich,  the 
wife  told  me,  had  been  put  there  by  her  hus- 
band, for  luck. 

A  bed,  two  deal  tables,  a  couple  of  boxes,  and 
three  chairs,  formed  the  entire  fumitme  of  the 
room,  and  nearly  filled  it.  On  the  window- 
frame  was  hung  a  smiill  sh aving- glass ;  and 
an  the  two  boxes  stood  a  wicker-work  apology 
for  a  perambulator,  in  which  I  learnt  the 
poor  crippled  man  took  out  his  only  daughter 
at  half-past  four  in  the  morning. 

. "  If  some  people  was  to  see  that,  sir,"  said 
the  sweeper,  when  he  entered  and  saw  me 
looking  at  it,  "  they  would,  and  in  fact  they  do 
say,  '  Why,  you  ctu-t  be  in  want.'  Ah !  little 
they  know  how  we  starved  and  pinched  our- 
selves before  we  could  get  it." 

There  was  a  fire  in  the  room,  notwithstand- 
ing the  day  was  very  hot;  but  the  window  was 
wide  open,  and  the  place  tolerably  ventilated, 
tliough  oppressive.  I  have  been  in  many 
poor  people's  "places,"  but  never  remember 
one  so  poor  in  its  appointments  and  yet  so 
free  from  effluvia. 

The  crossing- sweeper  himself  was  a  very 
civil  sort  of  man,  and  in  answer  to  my  in- 
quiries said :  — 

"  I  know  tliat  I  do  as  I  ought  to,  and  so  I 
don't  feel  hurt  at  standing  at  my  crossing.  I 
have  been  there  four  years.  I  found  the  place 
vacant.  My  >\-ife,  though  she  looks  very  well, 
will  never  be  able  to  do  any  hai'd  work ;  so  we 
sold  our  mangle,  and  I  took  to  the  crossing  : 
but  we're  not  in  debt,  and  nobody  can 't  say 
nothing  to  us.  I  like  to  go  along  the  streets 
free  of  such  remarks  as  is  made  by  people  to 
whom  you  owes  money.    I  had  a  mangle  in 

Yard,  but  through  my  wife's  weakness  1 

was  forced  to  part  with  it.  I  was  on  the  cross- 
ing a  short  time  before  that,  for  I  knew  tliat 
if  I  parted  with  my  mangle  and  things  before 
I  knew  whether  I  could  get  a  living  at  the 
crossing  I  couldn't  get  my  mangle  back  again. 

"We  sold  the  mangle  only  for  a  sovereign, 
and  we  gave  two-pound-ten  for  it;  we  sold  it 
to  the  same  man  that  we  bought  it  of.  About 
six  months  ago  I  managed  for  to  screw  and 
save  enough  to  buy  that  little  wicker  chaise, 
for  I  Can't  carry  the  children  because  of  my 
one  leg,  and  of  course  the  mother  can't  can^ 
them  both  out  together.  There  was  a  man 
hail  Uie  crossing  I've  got;  he  died  three  or 
f(>ar  years  before  I  took  it ;  but  ho  didn't  de- 
pend oa  the  crossing — ho  did  things  for  the 
tradespeople  aboat,  such  as  carpet-beating, 
messages,  and  so  on. 

"  When  I  flrbt  took  the  crossing  I  did  very 
woll.    Tt  happened  to  be  a  very  nasty,  dirty 
'   r  took  a  good  deal  of  money, 
not  always  civil,  sir. 

.     lid  gone  to  one  of  tlio  squares, 

u:   1    !  .    l;i:r  I  I'tiiiik  after street  is  paved 

\siiii  :,i..ii.;  1  li  ili  do  bettor.  lam  certain  I 
never  taste  a  bit  of  meat  fh)m  one  week's  end 
tQ  the  other.  The  bcrt  day  I  ever  made  was 
fiYe-and-sixj)enco  or  six  shillings ;  it  was  tho 


winter  before  last.  If  you  remembor,  the  snow 
laid  veiy  thick  on  the  ground,  and  the  sudden 
thaw  made  walking  so  uncomfortable,  that  I 
did  very  well.  I  have  taken  as  little  as  six- 
pence, fourpence,  and  even  twopence.  Last 
Thursday  1  took  two  ha'pence  all  day.  Take 
one  week  with  the  other,  seven  or  eight  shil- 
lings is  the  very  outside. 

"  I  don't  know  how  it  is,  but  some  people 
who  used  to  give  me  a  penny,  don't  now.  The 
boys  who  come  in  wet  weather  earn  a  gi-eat  deal 
more  than  I  do.  I  once  lost  a  good  chance, 
sir,  at  the  comer  of  the  street  leading  to  Caven- 
dish-square. There's  a  bonk,  and  they  pay  a 
man  seven  shillings  a-week  to  sweep  the 
crossing:  a  butcher  in  Oxford  Market  spoke 
for  me  ;  but  when  I  went  itp,  it  unfoi-tunately 
turned  out  that  I  was  not  fit,  from  the  loss  of 
my  leg.  The  last  man  they  had  there  they 
were  obliged  to  turn  away — he  was  so  given 
to  drink.  • 

"  I  think  there  are  some  rich  crossing, 
sweepers  in  the  city,  about  the  Exchange; 
but  yon  won't  find  them  now  during  this  diy 
weather,  except  in  by -places.  In  wet  weather, 
there  are  tAvo  or  three  boys  who  sweep  near 
my  crossing,  and  take  nil  my  earnings  away. 
There's  a  great  able-bodied  mnn  besides — a 
fellow  strong  enough  to  follow  tlie  plough.  I 
said  to  the  policeman,  'Now,  ain't  this  a  shame? 
and  the  policeman  said,  '  Well,  he  must  get 
his  liAnng  as  well  as  you.'  I'm  always  q\\t1  to 
the  police,  and  they're  always  cinl  to  me — in 
fact,  I  think  sometimes  I'm  too  civil — I'm  not 
rough  enough  with  people. 

"  You  soon  tell  whether  to  have  any  hopes 
of  people  coming  across.  I  can  tell  a  gentle- 
man  direjctly  I  see  him. 

"  Where  I  stand,  sir,  I  could  get  people  in 
trouble  everlasting;  there's  all  sorts  of  thieving 
going  on.  I  saw  the  other  day  two  or  three 
respectabl*  persons  take  a  purse  out  of  an  old 
lady's  pocket  before  the  baker's  shop  at  the 
comer ;  but  I  can't  say  a  Mord,  or  they  would 
come  and  throw  me  into  the  road-  If  a  gen- 
tleman gives  me  sixpence,  he  don't  give  me 
any  more  for  three  weeks  or  a  month ;  but  I 
don't  think  I've  more  than  three  or  four  gen- 
tlemen as  gives  mo  that.  Well,  you  can 
scarcely  tell  the  gentleman  from  the  clerk,  the 
clerks  ai"e  such  great  swells  now. 

*•  Lawyers  themselves  dress  veiy  plain;  tlioso 
great  men  who  don't  come  every  day,  because 
they've  clerks  to  do  their  business  for  them, 
they  give  most.  People  -hardly  ever  stop  to 
speak  unless  it  is  to  ask  you  wliere  places  are 
— you  might  be  occupied  at  that  all  day.  I 
manage  to  pay  my  rent  out  of  what  I  take  on 
Sunday,  but  not  lately — this  weather  religi- 
ous people  go  pleasuring. 

"  No,  I  don't  go  now — the  fact  is,  I'd  like 
to  go  to  church,  if  I  could,  but  when  I  como 
home  I  am  tiled;  but  I've  got  books  here,  and 
they  do  as  well,  sir.  I  read  a  little  and  write 
a  little. 

*'  I  lost  my  leg  through  a  swelling — there 


No.  LIV. 


!•   F 


488 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOE. 


■was  no  chloroform  then.  I  -was  in  the  hospital 
three  years  and  a  half,  and  was  about  fifteen 
or  sixteen  ■when  I  had  it  otf.  I  always  feel  the 
sensation  of  the  foot,  and  more  so  at  change 
of  weather.  I  feel  my  toes  moving  about,  and 
everything ;  sometimes,  it's  just  as  if  the  calf 
of  my  leg  was  itching.  I  feel  the  rain  coming ; 
when  1  see  a  cloud  coming  my  leg  shoots,  and 
I  know  we  shall  have  rain. 

"My  mother  was  a  laundress  — my  father 
has  been  dead  nineteen  years  my  last  birth- 
day. My  mother  was  subject  to  fits,  so  I  was 
forced  to  stop  at  home  to  take  cai-e  of  the 
business. 

"  I  don't  want  to  get  on  better,  but  I  always 
think,  if  sickness  or  anything  comes  on 

"  I  am  at  my  crossing  at  half-past  eight ;  at 
half-past  eleven  I  come  home  to  dinner.  I  go 
back  at  one  or  two  till  seven. 

"  Sometimes  I  mind  horses  and  carts,  but 
the  boys  get  all  that  business.  One  of  these 
little  customers  got  sixpence  the  other  day 
for  only  opening  the  door  of  a  cab.  I  don't 
know  how  it  is  they  let  these  httle  boys  be 
about ;  if  I  was  the  police,  I  wouldn't  allow  it. 

"I  think  it's  a  blessing,  having  children  — 
(referring  to  his  little  girl)  —  that  child  wants 
the  gra\y  of  meat,  or  an  egg  beaten  uj),  but 
she  can't  get  it.  I  take  her  out  every  morn- 
ing round  Euston-square  and  those  open 
places.  I  get  out  about  half-past  four.  It 
is  early,  but  if  it  benefits  her,  that's  no  odds." 

OSE-LEGGED    SwEEPEIl  AT    ChANCERY-IANE. 

"I  DON'T  know  what  induced  me  to  take 
that  crossing,  except  it  Avas  that  no  one  was 
there,  and  the  traffic  was  so  good — fact  is,  the 
traffic  is  too  good,  and  people  won't-  stop  as 
they  cross  over,  they're  very  glad  to  get  out  of 
the  way  of  the  cabs  and  the  omnibuses. 

"Tradespeople  never  give  me  anything  — 
not  even  a  bit  of  bread.  The  only  thing  I  get 
is  a  few  cuttings,  such  as  crusts  of  sandwiches 
and  remains  of  cheese,  from  the  public-house 
at  the  comer  of  the  court.  The  tradespeople 
are  as  distant  to  me  now  as  they  were  when  I 
came,  but  if  I  should  pitch  up  a  tale  I  should 
soon  get  acquainted  ■with  them. 

"We  have  lived  in  this  lodging  two  years 
and  a  half,  and  we  pay  one-and-ninepence 
a-week,  as  you  may  see  from  the  rent-book, 
and  that  I  manage  to  eai-n  on  Simdays.  We 
owe  four  weeks  now,  and,  thank  God,  it's  no 
more, 

"  I  was  bom,  sir,  in  street,  Berkeley- 
square,   at   Lord  's   house,  .when  my 

mother  was  minding  the  house.  I  have  been 
used  to  London  all  my  life,  but  not  to  this 
part;  I  have  always  been  at  the  west-end,  which 
is  what  I  call  the  best  end. 

"  I  did  not  like  the  idea  of  crossing-sweep- 
ing at  first,  till  I  reasoned  ■with  myself,  Why 
should  I  mind?  I'm  not  doing  any  hurt  to  any- 
body. I  don't  care  at  all  now — I  know  I'm 
doing  what  I  ought  to  do. 


"  A  man  had  better  be  killed  out  of  the  way 
than  be  disabled.  It's  not  pleasant  to  know  that 
my  wife  is  suckling  that  great  child,  and, 
though  she  is  so  weakly,  she  can't  get  no  meat. 

"I've  been  knocked  down  twice,  sir — both 
times  by  cabs.  The  last  time  it  was  a  fort- 
night before  I  could  get  about  comfortably 
again.  The  fool  of  a  fellow  was  coming  along, 
not  looking  at  his  horse,  but  talking  to  some- 
body on  the  cab-rank.  The  place  was  as  free 
as  this  room,  if  he  had  only  been  looking 
before  him.  Nobody  hollered  till  I  was  down, 
but  plenty  hollered  then.  Ah,  I  often  notice 
such  carelessness — it's  really  shameful.  I  don't 
think  those  'shofuls'  (Hansoms)  should  be 
allowed — tlie  fact  is,  if  the  driver  is  not  a  tall 
anan  he  can't  see  his  horse's  head. 

"A  nasty  place  is   end  of  street:  it 

narrows  so  suddenly.  There's  more  confusion 
and  more  bother  about  it  than  any  place  in 
London.  When  two  cabs  gets  in  at  once,  one 
one  way  and  one  the  other,  there's  sure  to  be 
a  row  to  know  which  was  the  first  in." 

The  Most  Severely-Afflicted  of  all  the 
Cbossing-Sweepees. 

Passino  the  dreary  portico  of  the  Queen's 
Theatre,  and  turning  to  the  right  down  Tot- 
tenham Mews,  we  came  upon  a  flight  of  steps 
leading  up  to  what  is  caUed  "  The  Gallery," 
where  an  old  man,  gasping  from  the  effects  of 
a  lung  disease,  and  feebly  polishing  some  old 
harness,  proclaimed  himself  the  father  of  the 
SM'eeper  I  was  in  search  of,  and  ushered  me 
into  the  room  where  he  lay  a-bed,  having  had 
a  "  very  bad  night." 

The  room  itself  was  large  and  of  a  low  pitch, 
stretching  over  some  stables ;  it  was  very  old 
and  creaky  (the  sweeper  called  it  "  an  old  wil- 
derness"), and  contained,  in  addition  to  two 
turn-up  bedsteads,  that  curious  medley  of  ar- 
ticles which,  in  the  course  of  years,  an  old 
and  jpoor  couple  always  manage  to  gather  up. 
There  was  a  large  lithograph  of  a  horse,  dear 
to  the  remembrance  of  the  old  man  from  an 
indication  of  a  dog  in  the  corner.  "  The  verj' 
spit  of  the  one  I  had  for  years;  it's  a  real 
portrait,  sir,  for  INIr.  Hanbart,  the  printer,  met 
me  one  day  and  sketched  him."  There  was 
an  etching  of  Hogarth's  in  a  black  frame ;  a 
stufied  bird  in  a  wooden  case,  with  a  glass 
before  it;  a  piece  of  painted  glass,  hanging  in 
a  place  of  honour,  but  for  which  no  name 
could  be  remembered,  excepting  that  it  was 
"  of  the  old-fashioned  sort."  Tliere  were  the 
odd  remnants,  too,  of  old  china  ornaments,  but 
very  little  fui'niture ;  and,  finally,  a  kitten. 

The  father,  woi'U  out  and  consumptive,  had 
been  groom  to  Lord  Combermere.  "  I  ■was 
with  him,  sir,  when  he  took  Bonyparte's  house 
at  Malmasong.  I  could  have  had  a  pension 
then  if  I'd  a  liked,  but  I  was  young  and 
foolish,  and  had  plenty  of  money,  and  we 
never  know  what  we  may  come  to." 

The  sweeper,  although  a  middle-aged  man, 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


489 


had  all  the  appearance  of  a  boy — bis  raw-look- 
ing  eyes,  which  he  was  always  wiping  with  a 
piece  of  linen  rag,  gave  him  a  forbidding  ex- 
pression, which  his  shapeless,  short,  bridgeless 
nose  tended  to  increase.  But  his  manners  and 
habits  were  as  simple  in  their  character  as 
those  of  a  child ;  and  he  spoke  of  liis  father's 
being  angiy  with  him  for  not  getting  up 
before,  as  if  he  were  a  little  boy  talking  of  his 
nui-se. 

He  walks,  with  great  diflficulty,  by  the  help 
of  a  crutch ;  and  the  sight  of  his  weak  eyes, 
liis  withered  limb,  and  his  broken  shoulder 
(his  old  helpless  mother,  and  his  gasping, 
almost  inaudible  father,)  foim  a  most  painful 
subject  for  compassion. 

The  ci-ossing-sweeper  gave  me,  with  no  little 
meekness  and  some  slight  intelligence,  the 
following  statement: — 

"  I  very  seldom  go  out  on  a  crossui'  o'  Sun- 
days. I  didn't  do  much  good  at  it.  I  used  to 
go  to  church  of  a  Sunday  —  in  fact,  1  do  now 
when  I'm  well  enough. 

"  It's  fifteen  yeai-  next  January  since  1  left 
Eegent-street.  I  was  there  thxee  years,  and 
then  I  went  on  Sundays  occasionally.  Some- 
times I  used  to  get  a  sliilling,  but  I  have  given 
it  up  now — it  didn't  answer;  besides,  a  lady 
who  was  kind  to  me  found  me  out,  and  said 
she  wouldn't  do  any  more  for  me  if  I  went  out 
on  Sundays.  She's  been  dead  these  three  or 
four  years  now. 

*'  When  I  was  at  Regent-street  I  might  have 
made  twelve  shillings  a-week,  or  something 
thereabout. 

"  I  am  seven-and-thirty  the  2Cth  day  of  last 
month,  and  I  have  been  lame  six-and-twenty 
jears.  My  eyes  have  been  bad  ever  since  my 
birth.  The  scrofulous  disease  it  was  that 
lamed  me — it  come  with  a  swelling  on  the 
luiee,  and  the  outside  wound  broke  about  the 
size  of  a  crown  piece,  and  a  piece  of  bone  come 
from  it ;  then  it  gathered  in  the  inside  and  at 
the  t^jp.  I  didn't  go  into  the  hospital  then, 
but  I  was  an  out-patient,  for  the  doctor  said  a 
xilose  confined  place  wouldn't  do  me  no  good. 
He  said  that  the  seaside  would,  though ;  but 
xcj  parents  coiddn't  afford  to  send  me,  and 
that's  how  it  is.  I  did  go  to  Brighton  and 
Margate  nine  years  after  my  leg  was  bad,  but 
it  was  Xa)0  late  then. 

"  I  have  been  in  Middlesex  Hospital,  with  a 
broken  collar-bone,  when  I  was  knocked  down 
by  a  cab.  I  was  in  a  fortnight  there,  and  I 
•was  in  again  when  I  hurt  my  leg.  I  was 
sweeping  my  crossin'  when  the  top  came  off 
my  crutch.  I  fell  back'ards,  and  my  leg 
doubled  under  me.  They  had  to  carry  me 
there. 

"  1  went  into  the  Middlesex  Hospital  for  my 
■eyes  and  leg.  I  was  in  a  month,  but  they 
wouldn't  keep  me  long,  there's  no  cure  for  me. 

*'  My  leg  is  very  painfull,  'specially  at  change 
of  weather.  Sometimes  I  don't  get  an  hour's 
sleep  of  a  night — it  was  daylight  this  morning 
before  I  closed  mj  eyes. 


"  I  went  on  the  crossing  first  because  my 
parents  couldn't  keep  me,  not  being  able  to 
keep  theirselves.  I  thought  it  was  the  best 
thing  I  could  do,  but  it's  like  aU  other  things, 
it's  got  very  bad  now.  I  used  to  manage  to 
rub  along  at  first — the  streets  have  got  shockin' 
bad  of  late. 

"  To  tell  the  truth,  I  was  turned  away  from 
Eegent-street  by  Mr.  Cook,  the  furrier,  corner 
of  Argyle  Street.  I'll  tell  you  as  far  as  I  was 
told.  He  called  me  into  his  passage  one 
night,  and  said  I  must  look  out  for  another 
crossin',  for  a  lady,  who  was  a  ver}^  good  cus- 
tomer of  his,  refused  to  come  while  I  was 
there ;  my  heavy  afflictions  was  such  that  she 
didn't  like  the  look  of  me.  I  said,  'Yery  well;' 
but  because  I  come  there  next  day  and  the 
day  after  that,  he  got  the  policeman  to  turn 
me  away.  Certainly  the  policeman  acted  very 
kindly,  but  he  said  the  gentleman  wanted  me 
removed,  and  I  must  find  another  crossing. 

"  Then  I  went  down  Chai'lotte-street,  oppo- 
site Percy  Chapel,  at  the  corner  of  Windmill- 
street.  After  that  I  went  to  Wells-street,  by 
getting  permission  of  the  doctor  at  the  comer. 
He  thought  that  it  would  be  better  for  me 
than  Chai-lotte-street,  so  he  let  me  come. 

"  Ah  !  there  ain't  so  many  crossing-sweepers 
as  there  was ;  I  tliink  they've  done  away  with 
a  great  many  of  them. 

"When  1  first  went  to  Wells-street,  I  did 
pretty  well,  because  there  was  a  dress-maker's 
at  the  comer,  and  I  used  to  get  a  good  deal 
from  the  carriages  that  stopped  before  the  door. 
I  used  to  take  five  or  six  shillings  in  a  day 
then,  and  I  don't  take  so  much  in  a  week  now. 
I  tell  you  what  I  made  this  week.  I've  made 
one-and-fourpeuce,  but  it's  been  so  wet,  and 
people  are  out  of  town ;  but,  of  com-se,  it's  not 
always  alike — sometimes  I  get  thrce-and-six- 
pence  or  four  shillings.  Some  people  gives 
me  a  sixpence  or  a  fourpenny-bit ;  1  reckons 
that  all  in. 

"  I  am  dreadful  tired  when  I  comes  home  of 
a  night.  Thank  God  my  other  leg's  all  right ! 
I  wish  the  t'other  was  as  strong,  but  it  never 
will  be  now. 

"  The  police  never  try  to  turn  me  away ; 
they're  very  friendly,  they'll  pass  the  time  of 
day  with  me,  or  that,  from  knowing  me  so  long 
in  Oxford-street. 

"  My  broom  sometimes  serves  me  a  month ; 
of  course,  they  don't  last  long  now  it's  showery 
weather.  I  give  twopence-halfpenny  a  piece 
for  'em,  or  threepence. 

"  I  don't  know  who  gives  me  the  most ;  my 
eyes  are  so  bad  I  can't  see.  I  think,  though, 
upon  an  average,  the  gentlemen  give  most. 

"  Often  I  hear  the  children,  as  they  are  going 
by,  ask  their  mothers  for  something  to  give  to 
me;  but  they  only  say,  'Come  along — como 
along  ! '  It's  very  rare  that  they  lets  the 
children  have  a  ha'penny  to  give  me. 

"  My  mother  is  seventy  the  week  before  next 
Christmas.  She  can't  do  much  now ;  she  does 
though  go  out  on  Wednesdays  or  Saturdays, 


490 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR, 


but  that's  to  people  she's  known  for  years  who 
is  attached  to  her.  She  does  her  work  there 
just  as  she  hkes. 

"  Sometimes  she  gets  a  httle  wAshing — 
sometimes  not.  This  week  she  had  a  little, 
and  was  forced  to  dry  it  indoors;  but  that 
makes  'em  lialf  dirty  again. 

"  My  father's  breath  is  so  bad  that  he  can't 
do  anything  except  little  odd  jobs  for  people 
down  here  ;  but  they've  got  the  knack  now,  a 
good  many  on  'em,  of  doin'  their  own. 

"  We  have  lived  here  fifteen  years  next  Sep- 
tember ;  it's  a  long  time  to  live  in  such  an  old 
Avilderncss,  but  my  old  mother  is  a  sort  of 
woman  as  don't  Uke  movin'  about,  and  I  don't 
like  it.  Some  people  are  everlasting  on  the 
move. 

"  Vrhen  I'm  not  on  my  crossin'  I  sit  poking 
at  home,  or  make  a  job  of  mending  my  clothes. 
I  mended  these  trousers  in  two  or  three  places. 

"  It's  all  done  by  feel,  sir.  My  mother  says 
it's  a  good  thing  we've  got  our  feelmg  at  least, 
if  we  haven't  got  our  ej-esight." 

The  Negbo  Crossing-Sweeper,  who  had 

LOST  BOTH   HIS   LeGS. 

This  man  sweeps  a  crossing  in  a  principal  and 
central  thoroughfare  when  the  weather  is  cold 
enough  to  let  liim  walk ;  the  colder  the  better, 
he  says,  as  it  "  numbs  his  stumps  Hke."  He 
is  unable  to  follow  this  occupation  in  warm 
weather,  as  his  legs  feel  "just  lilce  corns," 
and  he  cannot  walk  more  than  a  mile  a-daj^ 
Under  these  circumstances  he  takes  to  beg- 
ging, which  he  thinks  he  has  a  perfect  right 
to  do,  as  he  has  been  left  destitute  in  what 
is  to  Mm  almost  a  strange  country,  and  has 
been  denied  what  he  terms  "  his  rights."  lie 
generally  sits  while  begging,  dressed  in  a 
sailor  shirt  and  trousers,  with  a  black  necker- 
chief round  his  neck,  tied  in  the  usual  nauti- 
cal knot.  He  places  before  him  tlie  placard 
which  is  given  beneath,  and  never  moves  a 
muscle  for  the  purpose  of  soliciting  charity.  He 
always  appears  scrupulously  clean. 

I  went  to  see  him  at  his  home  early  one 
morning  —  in  fact,  at  half  past  eight,  but  he 
was  not  then  up,  I  went  again  at  nine,  and 
found  him  prepared  for  my  visit  in  a  little  par- 
lour, in  a  dirty  and  rather  disreputable  alley 
running  out  of  a  court  in  a  street  near  Bruns- 
wick-square. .The  negro's  parlour  was  scantily 
furnished  with  two  chairs,  a  turn-up  bedstead, 
and  a  sea-chest.  A  few  odds  and  ends  of 
crockery  stood  on  the  sideboard,  and  a  kettle 
was  singing  over  a  cheerful  bit  of  fire.  The 
little  man  was  seated  on  a  chair,  with  his 
stumps  of  legs  sticking  straight  out.  He 
showed  some  amount  of  intelligence  in  an- 
swering my  questions.  We  were  quite  alone, 
for  he  sent  his  Avife  and  child  —  the  former  a 
pleasant-looking  "  half-caste,"  and  the  latter 
the  cheeriest  little  crowing,  smiling  "picca- 
ninny" I  have  ever  seen — lie  sent  them  out 
into  the  alley,  while  I  conversed  with  himself. 


His  life  is  embittered  by  tlie  idea  that  he 
has  never  yet  had  "his  rights" — tliat  tho 
owners  of  tlie  ship  in  which  his  legs  were 
burnt  off  have  not  paid  liim  his  wages  (of 
which,  indeed,  he  says,  ho  never  received  any 
but  the  five  pounds  which  he  had  in  advance 
before  starting), and  that  he  has  been  robbed  of 
42/.  by  a  grocer  in  Glasgow.  How  true  these 
statements  may  be  it  is  almost  impossible  to 
say,  but  from  what  he  says,  some  injustice 
seems  to  have  been  done  him  by  the  canny 
Scotchman,  who  refuses  him  his  "  pay,"  AA^ith- 
out  whicli  he  is  determined  "  never  to  leave 
the  country." 

"  I  was  on  that  crossing,"  he  said,  "  almost 
the  whole  of  last  winter.  It  was  very  cold, 
and  I  had  nothing  at  all  to  do ;  so,  as  I  i)assed 
there,  I  asked  the  gentleman  at  the  baccer- 
shop,  as  well  as  the  gentleman  at  the  office, 
and  I  asked  at  the  boot-shop,  too,  if  they  would 
let  me  sweep  there.  The  policeman  Avanted 
to  turn  me  away,  but  I  went  to  the  gentleman 
inside  the  office,  and  he  told  the  policeman  to 
leave  me  alone.  Tho  policeman  said  first, 
'  You  must  go  away,'  but  I  said,  '  I  couldn't 
do  anything  else,  and  he  ought  to  think  it  a 
charity  to  let  me  stop.' 

"  I  don't  stop  in  London  very  long,  though, 
at  a  time  ;  I  go  to  Glasgow,  in  Scotland,  where 
the  owners  of  the  ship  in  which  my  legs  were 
burnt  off  hve.  I  served  nine  years  in  the  mer- 
chant service  and  the  navy.  I  was  born  in 
Kingston,  in  Jamaica ;  it  is  an  English  place, 
sir,  so  I  am  counted  as  not  a  foreigner.  I'm 
different  from  them  Lascars.  I  went  to  sea 
when  I  was  only  nine  years  old.  The  owners 
is  in  London  who  had  that  ship.  I  was  cabin- 
boy  ;  and  after  I  had  served  my  time  I  be- 
came cook,  or  when  I  couldn't  get  the  place  of 
cook  I  went  before  the  mast.  I  went  as  head 
cook  in  1H51,  in  the  Madeira  barque;  she  used 
to  be  a  West  Indy  trader,  and  to  trade  out 
when  I  belonged  to  her.  We  got  down  to  69 
south  of  Cape  Horn ;  and  there  we  got  almost 
froze  and  perished  to  death.  That  is  the  book 
what  I  sell." 

The  "Book"  (as  he  calls  it)  consists  of 
eight  pages,  printed  on  paper  the  size  of  a 
sheet  of  note  paper;  it  is  entitled — 

"  BRIEF  SKETCH  OF  THE  LIFE  OF 

EDWARD  ALBEET  ! 

A  native  of  Kingston,  Jamaica. 

Showing  the  hardships  ho  underwent  and  the 
suSforiugs  he  endured  ia  having  both  legs  amputated. 

HULL  : 

W.  HOWE,  PRINTER." 

It  is  embellished  with  a  portrait  of  a  black 
man,  which  has  evidently  been  in  its  time  a 
comic  "  nigger"  of  "the  Jim-Crow  tobacco-paper 
kind,  as  is  evidenced  by  the  traces  of  a  tobacco- 
jjipe,  -which  has  been  unskilfully  erased. 
The  "Book"  itself  is  concocted  from  an 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


49] 


affidavit  made  by  Edward  jVlbert  before  "  P. 
Mackinlay,  Esq.,  one  of  Her  ]Majesty's  Justices 
of  the  Peace  for  the  country  (so  it  is  printed) 
of  Lanark," 

I  have  seen  the  affidavit,  and  it  is  almost 
identical  with  the  statement  in  the  "  book," 
excepting  in  the  matter  of  grammar,  which 
has  rather  siiffered  on  its  road  to  Mr.  Howe, 
the  printer. 

The  following  will  give  an  idea  of  the 
matter  of  which  it  is  composed  : — 


'"  In  February,  1S51,  I  engaged  to  serve  ns  cook,  on 
bofird  the  barque  Madeim,  of  Glasgow,  Captain  J. 
Douglas,  on  her  voyage  from  Glasgow  to  California, 
theuoe  to  China,  aiid  theuce  home  to  a  port  of  dis- 
charge in  the  United  Kingdom.  I  signed  ;ui;icle8,  and 
delivered  up  my  registor-tickot  as  a  British  seaman, 
as  required  by  law.  1  entered  the  service  on  board 
the  said  vessel,  under  the  said  engagement,  and 
sailed  with  that  vessel  on  the  18th  of  February,  1S51. 
I  discharged  my  duty  as  cook  on  board  the  said 
vessel,  &om  the  date  of  its  having  left  the  Clyde, 
until  June  the  same  year,  iu  which  mouth  the 
vessed  rounded  Cape  Home,  at  that  time  my  legs 
became  frost  bitten,  and  1  became  iu  consequence 
tmfit  for  duty. 

"In  the  course  of  the  next  day  after  my  limbs 
became  afl'ected,  the  master  of  the  vessul,  and  mate, 
took  me  to  the  ship's  oven,  in  oi-dcr,  as  they  said,  to 
core  me  ;  the  oven  was  hot  at  the  time,  a  fowl  that 
was  roasting  therein  having  been  removed  in  order 
to  make  room  for  my  feet,  which  was  put  into  the 
oven;  in  consequence  of  the  treatment,  my  feet 
burst  through  the  intense  swelling,  and  mortification 
ensued. 

•'  The  vessel  called,  six  weeks  after,  at  Valpariso, 
smd  I  was  there  taken  to  an  hospital,  where  I  re- 
mained five  months  and  a  half.  Both  my  legs  wei-e 
amputated  three  inches  below  my  knees  soon  after 
I  went  to  the  hospital  at  Valpariso.  I  asked  my 
masto:  for  my  wages  due  to  me,  for  my  service  on 
board  the  venel,  and  demanded  my  register-ticket ; 
when  the  obtain  told  me  I  should  not  recover,  that 
the  vessel  could  not  wait  for  me,  and  that  I  was  a 
dead  man,  and  that  he  could  not  discharge  a  dead 
man ;  and  that  he  also  said,  that  as  i  hud  no  fiiends 
there  to  got  my  money,  he  wouUl  only  put  a  little 
money  into  the  hands  of  the  consul,  which  would  be 

a  plied  in  burying  me.     On  being  discharged  from 
e  hospital  I  called  on  the  consul,  and  wus  informed 
by  him  that  master  had  not  left  any  money. 

"I  was  afterwards  taken  on  board  one  of  her 
Mi^iesty's  diipe,  the  Driver,  Captiin  Charles  Johnston, 
and  lauded  at  Portsmouth  ;  from  thence  I  got  a  pas- 
sage to  Gl;iij„'0u-,  ware  I  remained  three  months. 
Upon  sui  1  :ho  icgi-Jter-ofiice  for  sc.nmcn,  in 

London,  •  -kct  Las  been  forwanled  to  the 

OoUector  .  (Glasgow  ;  and  he  his  ready  to 

deliver  it  u>  nic  u\K>n  obtaining  Uio  authority  of  the 
Justices  of  the  Peace,  and  I  recovered  the  same  under 
the  22nd  section  of  the  General  Merchant  Seaman's 
Act    Declares  I  cannot  write. 

"(Signad)  David  IIackiklat.  J.  P. 

"TbeJoatioeshaTinff  conaiderod  the  foregoing  in- 
formation and  declaration,  finds  that  Edward  Albert, 
therein  named  the  last-register  ticket,  noiirrht  to  be 

eoverad  under  drctunatances  ■.-■'-->         '- 'r  was 

oouoemad,  ware  onaToklabl  :  %vas 

intended  or  committed  In-  li  i  uto, 

therefore  authorised  the  CoUov  V.  i  .>.,..  ^....,,,u.,„er  of 
Customs  at  the  port  of  Olas^w  to  deliver  tu  the  said 
Idward  Albert  the  ragiite^tidcot.  sought  to  be  r«- 
eovcrod  by  him  all  in  terms  of  S2nd  section  of  the 
General  Merchant  Seamen's  Act. 


"(Signed)         David  Macxjuuly,  J.  P. 
"GkagOfW,  Oct  «th,  1853. 
"  Beglfltar  Ticket^  No.  512,  052.  age  S6  years." 


"  I  could  make  a  large  book  of  my  sufler- 
ings,sir,if  I  liked,"  he  said,  "and  I  will  dis- 
grace the  o^vners  of  that  ship  as  long  as  they 
don't  give  me  what  they  owe  me. 

"  I  will  never  leave  England  or  Scotland 
until  I  get  my  rights ;  but  they  says  money 
makes  money,  and  if  I  had  money  I  could  get 
it.  If  they  would  only  give  me  what  they  owe 
me,  I  wouldn't  ask  anybody  for  a  fai'thing, 
God  knows,  sir.  I  don't  know  why  the  master 
put  my  feet  in  the  oven ;  he  said  to  cure  me  : 
the  agony  of  pain  I  was  in  was  such,  he  said, 
that  it  must  be  done. 

"  The  loss  of  my  limbs  is  bad  enough,  but 
it's  still  worse  when  you  can't  get  what  is  your 
rights,  nor  anything  for  the  sweat  that  they 
worked  out  of  me. 

'•After  I  went  down  to  Glasgow  for  my 
money  I  opened  a  little  coftee-house ;  it  was 
called  '  Uncle  Tom's  Cabin.'  I  did  veiy  weU. 
The  man  who  sold  me  tea  and  coffee  said  he 
would  get  me  on,  and  I  had  better  give  my 
money  to  him  to  keep  safe,  and  ho  xised  to  put 
it  away  in  a  tin  box  which  I  had  given  four- 
and-sixpence  for.  Ho  advertised  my  place  in 
the  papers,  and  I  did  a  good  business.  I  had 
the  place  open  a  montli,  when  lie  kept  all  my 
savings — two-and-forty  pounds  — and  shut  up 
the  place,  and  denied  me  of  it,  and  I  never  got 
a  faithiiig. 

"  I  declare  to  you  I  can't  desciibe  the  agony 
I  felt  when  my  legs  were  burst ;  I  fainted  away 
over  and  over  again.  Thei-e  was  four^meu 
came  ;  I  was  Ipng  in  my  hammock,  and  they 
moved  the  fo-ft'l  that  was  roasting,  and  put  my 
legs  in  the  oven.  There  they  held  me  for  ten 
minutes.  They  said  it  would  take  the  cold 
out ;  but  after  I  came  out  the  cold  caught  'em 
again,  and  the  next  day  they  swole  up  as  big 
round  as  a  pillar,  and  burst,  and  then  like 
water  come  out.  No  man  but  God  knows  what 
I  have  suffered  and  went  through. 

"  By  the  order  of  the  doctor  at  Valparaiso, 
the  sick  patients  had  to  come  out  of  the  room 
I  went  into ;  the  smell  was  so  bad  I  couldn't 
bear  it  myself — it  was  all  mortification — they 
had  to  use  chloride  o'  zinc  to  keep  the  smell 
down.  They  tried  to  save  one  leg,  but  the 
mortification  was  getting  up  into  my  body.  I 
got  better  after  my  legs  were  off. 

"I  was  three  months  good  before  I  could 
tiun,  or  able  to  hft  up  my  hand  to  my  head.  I 
was  glad  to  move  after  that  time,  it  was  a 
regular  relief  to  me;  if  it  wasn't  for  good 
attendance,  I  should  not  have  lived.  You 
know  they  don't  allow  tobaccer  in  a  hospital, 
but  I  had  it ;  it  was  the  only  thing  I  cai-ed  for. 
The  Reverend  Mr.  Armstrong  used  to  biing 
me  a  pound  a  fortnight ;  he  used  to  bring  it 
regular.  I  never  used  to  smoko  before  ;  they 
said  I  never  should  recover,  but  after  I  got  the 
tobaccer  it  seemed  to  soothe  me.  .  I  was  five 
months  and  a  half  in  that  place. 

"Admiral  Moseley,  of  the  Thetit  frigate, 
sent  me  home;  and  the  reason  why  ho  sent 
me  liome  was,  that  after  I  tame  well,  I  called 


49^ 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  FOOE. 


on  Mr.  Rouse,  the  English  consul,  and  he 
sent  me  to  the  boarding-house,  till  such  time 
as  he  could  tind  a  ship  to  send  me  home  in, 
I  was  there  about  two  months,  and  the  board- 
ing-master, Jan  Pace,  sent  me  to  the  consul. 

'•  I  used  to  get  about  a  little,  with  two  small 
crutches,  and  I  also  had  a  little  cart  before 
that,  on  three  wheels ;  it  was  made  by  a  man 
in  the  hospital.  I  used  to  lash  myself  down  in 
it.  That  was  the  best  thing  I  ever  had — I 
could  get  about  best  in  that. 

"  Well,  I  went  to  the  consul,  and  when  I 
went  to  him,  he  says,  '  I  can't  i)ay  yotir  board  ; 
you  must  beg  and  pay  for  it ;'  so  I  went  and 
told  Jan  Pace,  and  he  said,  '  If  you  had  stopped 
here  a  hundred  yeai-s,  I  would  not  turn  you 
out ;'  and  then  I  asked  Pace  to  tell  me  where 
tlie  Admiral  lived.  '  What  do  you  want  Avith 
him  ? '  says  he.  I  said,  '  I  think  the  Admiral 
must  be  higher  than  the  consul.'  Pace  slapped 
me  on  the  back.  Saj's  he,  'I'm  glad  to  see 
you've  got  the  pluck  to  complaiu  to  the 
Admiral.' 

"  I  went  down  at  nine  o'clock  the  next  morn- 
ing, to  see  the  Admh-al.  He  said,  '  Well, 
Prince  Albert,  how  are  you  getting  on  ? '  Sol 
told  him  I  was  getting  on  very  bad ;  and  then 
I  told  him  all  about  the  consul ;  and  he  said, 
as  long  as  he  stopped  he  would  see  me  righted, 
and  took  me  on  board  his  ship,  the  Thetis; 
and  he  wi-ote  to  the  consul,  and  said  to  me, 
'  If  the  consul  sends  for  you,  don't  you  go  to 
him ;  tell  him  you  have  no  legs  to  walk,  and 
he  must  walk  to  you.' 

"  The  consul  w^anted  to  send  me  back  in 
a  merchant  ship,  but  the  Admiral  wouldn't 
have  it,  so  I  came  in  the  Driver,  one  of  Her 
Majesty's  vessels.  It  was  the  8th  of  May, 
1S5-2,  Avhen  I  got  to  Portsmouth. 

"I  stopped  a  little  while — about  a  week — 
in  Portsmouth.  I  went  to  the  Admiral  of  the 
dockyard,  and  he  told  me  I  must  go  to  the 
Lord  Mayor  of  Loudon.  So  I  paid  my  passage 
to  London,  saw  the  Lord  Mayor,  who  sent  me 
to  Mr.  Yardley,  the  magistrate,  and  he  adver- 
tised the  case  for  me,  and  I  got  four  pounds 
fifteen  shillings,  besides  my  passage  to  Glas- 
gow. After  I  got  there,  I  went  to  Mr.  Symee 
a  Custom-house  officer  (he'd  been  in  the  same 
sliip  mth  me  to  Cahfornia)  ;  he  said,  '  Oh,  gra- 
cious, Edward,  how  have  you  lost  your  limbs  ! ' 
and  I  bm-st  out  a  crying.  I  told  Imn  all  about 
it.  He  advised  me  to  go  to  the  owner.  I 
went  there ;  but  the  policeman  in  London  had 
put  my  name  down  as  Robert  Thorpe,  which 
was  the  man  I  lodged  with ;  so  they  denied 
me. 

"  I  went  to  the  shipping  office,  where  they 
reckonised  me;  and  I  went  to  Mr.  Symee 
again,  and  he  told  me  to  go  before  the  Lord 
INlayor  (a  Lord  Provost  they  call  him  in  Scot- 
land), and  make  an  affidavit;  and  so,  when 
they  found  my  story  was  right,  they  sent  to 
London  for  my  seaman's  ticket ;  but  they 
couldn't  do  anything,  because  the  captain  was 
not  there. 


"  When  I  got  back  to  London,  I  commenced 
sweeping  the  crossin',  sir.  I  only  sweep  it  in 
the  winter,  because  I  can't  stand  in  the  summer. 
Oh,  yes,  I  feel  my  feet  still :  it  is  just  as  if  I 
had  them  sitting  on  the  floor,  now.  I  feel  my 
toes  moving,  like  as  if  I  had  'em.  I  could 
count  them,  the  whole  ten,  whenever  I  work 
my  knees.  I  had  a  coi-n  on  one  of  my  toes, 
and  I  can  feel  it  still,  particularly  at  the  change 
of  weather. 

"  Sometimes  I  might  get  two  shillings  a-day 
at  my  crossing,  sometimes  one  shiUing  and 
sixpence,  sometimes  I  don't  take  above  six- 
pence. The  most  I  ever  made  in  one  day  was 
three  shillings  and  sixpence,  but  that's  very 
seldom. 

"I  am  a  very  steady  man,  I  don't  drink 
what  money  I  get ;  and  if  I  had  the  means 
to  get  something  to  do,  I'd  keep  olf  the 
streets. 

"  When  I  offered  to  go  to  the  parish,  they 
told  me  to  go  to  Scotland,  to  spite  the  men 
who  owed  me  my  wages. 

"  Many  people  tell  me  I  ought  to  go  to  my 
country;  but  I  tell  them  it's  very  hard — I 
didn't  come  here  without  my  legs — I  lost  them, 
as  it  were,  in  this  countiy;  but  if  I  had  lost 
them  in  my  own  country,  I  should  have  been 
better  off.  I  should  have  gone  down  to  the 
magistrate  everj^  Friday,  and  have  taken  my 
ten  shillings. 

"I  went  to  the  Merchant  Seaman's  Fund, 
and  they  said  that  those  who  got  hurted  before 
18-52  have  been  getting  the  funds,  but  those 
who  were  hurted  after  1852  couldn't  get  nothing 
— it  was  stopped  in  '51,  and  the  merchants 
wouldn't  pay  any  more,  and  don't  pay  any 
more. 

"  That's  scandalous,  because,  whether  you're 
willing  or  not,  you  must  pay  two  shillings  a- 
month  (one  shilling  a-month  for  the  hospital 
fees,  and  one  shilling  a-month  to  the  Merchant 
Seaman's  Fund),' out  of  your  pay. 

"  I  am  married :  my  wife  is  the  same  colom* 
as  me,  but  an  Englishwoman.  I've  been 
man-ied  two  years.  I  married  her  from  where 
she  belonged,  in  Leeds,  I  couldn't  get  on  to 
do  anything  without  her.  Sometimes  she 
goes  out  and  sells  things — fruit,  and  so  on  — 
but  she  don't  make  much.  With  the  assist- 
ance of  my  wife,  if  I  could  get  my  money,  I 
would  set  up  in  the  same  line  of  business 
as  before,  in  a  coffee-shop.  If  I  had  three 
pounds  I  could  do  it :  it  took  well  in  Scotland, 
I  am  not  a  common  cook,  either;  I  am  a 
pastrycook.  I  used  to  make  all  the  sorts 
of  cakes  they  have  in  the  shops,  I  bought 
the  shapes,  and  tins,  and  things  to  make  them 
proper. 

"  I'll  tell  you  how  I  did — there  was  a  kind 
of  apparatus  ;  it  boils  water  and  coffee,  and 
the  milk  and  the  tea, in  different  departments; 
but  you  couldn't  see  the  divisions — the  pipes 
all  ran  into  one  tap,  like.  I've  had  a  sixpence 
and  a  shilling  for  people  to  look  at  it :  it  cost 
me  two  pound  ten. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


403 


"  Even  if  I  had  a  coffee-stall  down  at  Covent- 
garden,  I  should  do;  and,  besides,  I  under- 
stand the  making  of  eel-soup.  I  have  one 
child, — it  is  just  Uiree  months  and  a  week  old. 
It  is  a  boy,  and  we  call  it  James  Edward 
Albert.  James  is  after  my  grandfather,  who 
was  a  slave. 

"  I  was  a  little  boy  when  the  slaves  in 
Jamaica  got  their  freedom  :  the  people  were 
very  glad  to  be  free ;  they  do  better  since,  I 
know,  because  some  of  them  have  got  pro- 
perty, and  send  theii-  children  to  school. 
There's  more  Christianity  there  than  there  is 
here.  The  public-house  is  close  shut  on 
Saturday  night,  and  not  opened  till  Monday 
morning.  No  firuit  is  allowed  to  be  sold  in  the 
street.  I  am  a  Protestant.  I  don't  know  the 
name  of  the  church,  but  I  goes  down  to  a  new- 
built  church,  near  King's-cross.  I  never  go 
in,  because  of  my  legs  ;  but  I  just  go  inside 
the  door ;  and  sometimes  when  I  don't  go,  I 
read  the  Testament  I've  got  here:  in  all  my 
sickness  I  took  care  of  that. 

"  There  are  a  great  many  Iiish  in  this  place. 
I  would  like  to  get  away  from  it,  for  it  is  a  very 
disgraceful  place, — it  is  an  awful,  awfui  place 
altogether.  I  haven't  been  in  it  very  long,  and 
I  want  to  get  out  of  it ;  it  is  not  fit. 

"  I  pay  one-and-sixpence  rent.  If  you  don't 
go  out  and  drink  and  carouse  with  them,  they 
don't  like  it ;  they  make  use  of  bad  language — 
they  chaff  me  about  my  misfortune — they  call 
me  *  Cripple ; '  some  says  *  Uncle  Tom,'  and 
some  says  '  Nigger ; '  but  I  never  takes  no 
notice  of  'em  at  all. " 

The  following  is  a  rerbatira  copy  of  the 
placard  which  the  poor  fellow  places  before 
him  when  he  begs.  He  carries  it,  when  not 
in  use,  in  a  little  calico  bag  which  hangs  round 
his  neck : — 

KIND  CHRISTIAN  FRIENDS 

THE  UNFORTUNATE 

EDWARD   ALBERT 

WAS  COOK  ON  BOARD  THE  BARQUE  MADEIRA  OF 
GLA800W  CAPTAIN  J.  DOUGLAS  IN  FEBRUARY  1851 
WHEN  AFTER  ROUNDING  CAPE  IIORNE  HE  HAD  HIS 
LEGS    AND    FEET  FROST   BITTEN    WHEN   in    that 

State  the  master  and  mate  put  my  Legs  and 
Feet  into  the  Oven  as  they  said  to  cure  me  the 
Oren  being  hot  at  the  time  a  fowl  was  roasting 
was  took  away  to  make  room  for  my  feet  and 
legs  in  consequence  of  this  my  feet  and  legs 
swelled  and  burst Mortification  then  En- 
sued after  which  my  legs  were  amputated 
Three  Inches  below  the  knees  soon  after  my 
entering  the  Hospital  at  Valpariso. 

AS  I  HATZ  XO  OTBXB  XXAXS  TO  OKT  A  LIVELT- 
HOOD  BUT  BY  ▲FPXALDfO  TO 


j  A  GENEROUS  PUBLIC 

I      TOUB  KIIID  DOXATIOXSWnX  DE  MOST  THANKFULLY 
RZCKXVKD. 


The  Maimed  Irish  Crossing-Sweeper. 

He  stands  at  the  corner  of street,  where 

the  yellow  omnibuses  stop,  and  refers  to  him- 
self eveiy  now  and  then  as  the  "poor  lame 
man."  He  has  no  especial  mode  of  addressing 
the  passers-by,  except  that  of  hobbling  a  step 
or  two  towards  them  and  sweeping  away  an 
im^nary  accumulation  of  mud.  He  has  lost 
one  leg  (from  the  knee)  by  a  fall  from  a  scaf- 
fold, while  working  as  a  bricklayer's  labourer 
in  Wales,  some  six  years  ago ;  and  speaks  bit- 
terly of  the  hard  time  he  had  of  it  when  he 
first  came  to  London,  and  hobbled  about  sell- 
ing matches.  He  says  he  is  thirty-six,  but 
looks  more  than  fifty;  and  his  face  has  the 
ghastly  expression  of  death.  He  wears  the 
ordinary  close  cloth  street-cap  and  corduroy 
trousers.  Even  dming  the  warm  weather  he 
wears  an  upper  coat — a  rough  thick  garment, 
fit  for  the  Arctic  regions.  It  was  very  difficult 
to  make  him  understand  my  object  in  getting 
information  from  him :  he  thought  that  he 
had  nothing  to  tell,  and  laid  gi-eat  stress  upon 
the  fact  of  his  never  keeping  "  count"  of  any- 
thing. 

He  accounted  for  his  miserably  small  in- 
come by  stating  that  he  was  an  invalid  — 
**  now  and  thin   continually."     He  said — 

'•  I  can't  say  how  long  I  have  been  on  this 
crossin';  I  think  about  five  year.  When  I 
came  on  it  there  had  been  no  one  here  before. 
No  one  interferes  with  me  at  all,  at  all.  I 
niver  hard  of  a  crossin'  bein'  sould ;  but  I  don't 
know  any  other  sweepers.  I  makes  no  fraydorc 
with  no  one,  and  I  always  keeps  my  own  mind. 

"  I  dunno  how  much  I  earn  a-day —  p'rhaps 
I  may  git  a  shiUing,  and  p'rhaps  sixpence.  I 
didn't  git  much  yesterday  (Sunday)  —  only 
sixpence.  I  was  not  out  on  Saturday ;  I  was 
ill  in  bed,  and  I  was  at  home  on  Friday.  In- 
deed, I  did  not  get  much  on  Thursday,  only 
tuppence  ha'penny.  The  largest  day  ?  I 
dunno.  Why,  about  a  shilling.  WeU,  sure, 
I  might  git  as  much  as  two  shillings,  if  I  got 
a  shillin'  from  a  lady.  Some  gintlemen  are 
good — such  a  gintleman  as  you,  now,  might 
give  me  a  shilling. 

"  WeU,  as  to  weather,  I  likes  half  dry  and 
half  wit ;  of  course  I  wish  for  the  bad  wither. 
Every  one  must  be  glad  of  what  brings  good 
to  him ;  and,  there's  one  thing,  I  can't  make 
the  wither — I  can't  make  a  fine  day  nor  a  wit 
one.  I  don't  think  anybody  would  interfere 
with  me;  certainly,  if  I  was  a  blaggya'rd  I 
should  not  be  left  here ;  no,  nor  if  I  was  a 
thief;  but  if  any  other  man  was  to  come  on  to 
my  crossing,  I  can't  say  whether  the  police 
would  interfere  to  protect  me — p'rhaps  they 
might. 

"  What  is  it  I  say  to  shabby  people  ?    Well, 

by  J ,  they're  all  shabby,  I  think.    I  don't 

see  any  difference  ;  but  what  can  I  do  ?  I  can't 
insult  thim,  and  I  was  niver  insulted  mysilf, 
since  here  I've  been,  nor,  for  the  matter  of  that^ 
ever  had  an  angry  worrud  spoken  to  me. 


494 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


I 


"  Well,  sure,  I  dunno  who's  the  most  liberal ; 
if  I  got  a  fourpinny  bit  Jtom  a  moll  I'd  take 
it.  Some  of  the  ladies  are  very  liberal ;  a  good 
lady  will  give  a  sixpence.  I  never  hard  of 
sweepin'  the  mud  back  again ;  and  as  for  the 
boys  annoying  me,  I  has  no  coleaguein'  -ndth 
boys,  and  they  wouldn't  be  allowed  to  interfere 
with  me — tlie  police  wouldn't  allow  it. 

"  After  I  came'  from  Wales,  where  I  was  on 
one  leg,  selling  matches,  then  it  was  I  took  to 
sweep  the  crossin'.  A  poor  divil  must  put  up 
with  anything,  good  or  bad.  Well,  I  was  a 
laborin'  man,  a  bricklayer's  labourer,  and  I've 
been  away  from  Ii-eland  these  sixteen  year. 
When  I  came  from  Ireland  I  wont  to  Wales. 
I  was  tbere  a  long  time ;  and  the  way  I  broke 
my  leg  was,  I  fell  off  a  scatFold.  I  am  not 
married ;  a  lame  man  wouldn't  get  any  woman 
to  have  him  in  Loudon  at  all,  at  all.  I  don't 
know  Avhat  age  I  am.      I  am  not  fifty,  nor 

fox-ty ;  I  think  about  thirty-six.    No,  by  J , 

it's  not  mysilf  that  iver  knew  a  well-off  crossin'- 
sweeper.     I  don't  dale  in  them  at  all. 

"  I  got  a  dale  of  friends  in  London  assist 
me  (but  only  now  and  thin).  If  I  depinded 
on  the  few  ha'pence  I  get,  I  wouldn't  live  on 
'em ;  what  money  I  get  here  wouldn't  buy  a 
pound  of  mate ;  and  I  wouldn't  live,  only  for 
my  frinds.  You  see,  sir,  I  can't  be  out  always, 
lam  laid  up  nows  and  tliins  continually.  Oh, 
it's  a  poor  trade  to  big  on  the  crossin'  from 
morning  till  night,  and  not  get  sixpence.  I 
couldn't  do  with  it,  I  know. 

"  Yes,  sir,  I  smoke ;  it's  a  comfort,  it  is.  I 
like  any  kind  I'd  get  to  smoke.  I'd  like  the 
best  if  I  got  it. 

"  I  am  a  Eoman  Catholic,  and  I  go  to  St. 
Patrick's,  in  St.  Giles's;  a  many  people  from  my 
neighbourhood  go  there.  I  go  every  Sunday, 
and  to  Confession  just  once  a-year — that  saves 
me. 

"  By  the  Lord's  mercy !  I  don't  get  broken 
\ictuads,  nor  broken  mate,  not  as  much  as  you 
might  put  on  the  tip  of  a  foiTuk ;  they'd  chuck 
it  out  in  the  dust-bin  before  tliey'd  give  it  to 
me.     I  suppose  they're  all  alike. 

"  The  divil  an  odd  job  I  iver  got,  master, 
nor  knives  to  clane.  If  I  got  their  knives  to 
clane,  p'rhaps  I  might  clane  them. 

"  My  brooms  cost  threepence  ha'penny ;  they 
are  very  good.  I  wear  them  down  to  a  stump, 
and  they  last  three  weeks,  this  fine  wither.  I 
niver  got  any  ould  clothes — not  but  I  want  a 
coat  very  bad,  sir. 

"  I  come  fi-om  Dublin ;  my  father  and  mo- 
ther died  there  of  cholera;  and  when  they 
died,  I  come  to  England,  and  that  was  the 
cause  of  my  coming. 

•'  By  my  oath  it  didn't  stand  me  in  more  than 
eighteenpence  that  I  took  here  last  week. 

"  I  live  in lane,  St.  Giles's  Church,  on 

the  second  landing,  and  I  pay  eightpence  a 
week.  I  haven't  a  room  to  mysilf,  for  there's 
a  family  lives  in  it  wid  me. 

"  When  I  goes  home  I  just  amokea  a  pipe, 
and  goes  to  bid,  that's  all." 


n.-^UVENILE   CROSSING-SWEEPERS 

A.  The  Boy  Crossing-Sweepers. 

Boy  Cbossing-Sweepeks  akd  Tuhblees. 

A  REMABKABLY  intelligent  lad,  who,  on  being 
spoken  to,  at  once  consented  to  give  all  the 
information  in  his  poAver,  told  me  the  follow- 
ing story  of  his  life. 

It  wiU.  be  seen  from  this  boy's  account, 
and  the  one  or  two  following,  that  a  kind 
of  partnership  exists  among  some  of  these 
young  sweepers.  They  have  associated  them- 
selves together,  approi^riated  several  cross- 
ings to  their  use,  and  appointed  a  captain 
over  them.  They  have  their  forms  of  trial, 
and  "jury-house"  for  the  settlement  of  dis- 
putes ;  laws  have  been  framed,  which  govern 
their  commercial  proceedings,  and  a  kind  of 
language  adopted  by  the  society  for  its  better 
protection  from  its  arch-enemy,  the  police- 
man. 

I  found  the  lad  who  first  gave  me  an  insight 
into  the  proceedings  of  the  associated  cross- 
ing-sweepers crouched  on  the  stone  steps  of  a 
door  in  Adelaide-street,  Strand  ;  and  when  I 
spoke  to  him  he  was  preparing  to  settle 
down  in  a  comer  and  go  to  sleep — his  legs 
and  body  being  curled  round  almost  as  closely 
as  those  of  a  cat  on  a  hearth. 

The  moment  he  heard  my  voice  he  was  upon 
his  feet,  asking  me  to  "  give  a  halfpenny  to 
poor  Kttle  Jack." 

He  was  a  good-looking  lad,  Tvith  a  pair  of 
large  mild  eyes,  which  he  took  good  care  to 
turn  up  with  an  expression  of  supplication 
as  he  moaned  for  his  halfpenny. 

A  cap,  or  more  properly  a  stuff  bag,  covered 
a  crop  of  hair  which  had  matted  itself  into  the 
form  of  so  many  paint-brushes,  while  his  face, 
from  its  roundness  of  feature  and  the  com- 
plexion of  dirt,  had  an  almost  Indian  look 
about  it ;  the  colour  of  his  hands,  too,  was 
such  that  you  could  imagine  he  had  been 
shelling  walnuts. 

He  ran  before  me,  treading  cautiously  with 
his  naked  feet,  until  I  reached  a  convenient 
spot  to  take  down  his  statement,  which  was  as 
follows : — 

"  I've  got  no  mother  or  father ;  mother  has 
been  dead  for  two  years,  and  father's  been 
gone  more  than  that — more  nigh  five  years — 
he  died  at  Ipswich,  in  Suffolk.  He  was  a 
perfumer  by  trade,  and  used  to  make  hair-dye, 
and  scent,  and  pomatmn,  and  all  kinds  of 
scents.  He  didn't  keep  a  shop  himself,  but 
he  used  to  sen-e  them  as  did ;  he  didn't  hawk 
his  goods  about,  neether,  but  had  regular  cus- 
tomers, what  used  to  send  him  a  letter,  and 
then  he'd  take  them  what  they  wanted.  Yes, 
he  used  to  serve  some  good  shops :  there  was 

H 's,  of  London   Bridge,  what's  a  large 

chemist's.  He  used  to  make  a  good  deal  of 
money,   but  he  lost  it  betting;    and  so  his 


LOXDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


■ii)o 


brotlier,  my  uncle,  did  all  his.  He  used  to  go 
up  to  High  Park,  and  then  go  round  by  the 
Hospital,  and  then  turn  up  a  yard,  where  all 
the  men  are  who  play  for  money  [Tatters  ail's]  ; 
and  there  he'd  lose  his  money,  or  sometimes 
•win, — but  that  wasn't  often.  I  remember  he 
used  to  come  home  tipsy,  and  say  he'd  lost  on 
this  or  that  horse,  naming  wot  one  he'd  laid 
on  ;  and  then  mother  would  coax  him  to  bed, 
and  afterwards  sit  down  and  begin  to  cry. 

•'  I  was  not  with  father  when  he  died  (but  I 
was  when  he  was  dying),  for  I  was  sent  up 
■along  with  eldest  sister  to  London  with  a 
letter  to  uncle,  who  was  head  servant  at  a 
doctor's.  In  this  letter,  mother  asked  uncle 
to  pay  back  some  money  wot  he  owed,  and 
wot  father  lent  him,  and  she  asked  him  if  he'd 
like  to  come  down  and  see  father  before  he 
died.  I  recollect  I  went  back  again  to  mother 
by  the  Orwell  steamer.  I  was  well  dressed 
then,  and  had  good  clothes  on,  and  I  was 
given  to  the  care  of  the  capttdn — jMr.  King 
his  name  was.  But  when  I  got  back  to  Ipswich, 
father  was  dead. 

"  Mother  took  on  dreadful ;  she  was  ill  for 
three  months  afterwards,  confined  to  her  bed. 
She  hardly  eat  anything:  only  beaf-tea — I 
think  they  call  it — and  eggs.  AU  the  while 
she  kept  on  crying. 

••  Mother  kept  a  servant ;  yes,  sir,  we  always 
had  a  servant,  as  long  as  I  can  recollect ;  and 
she  and  the  woman  as  was  there — Anna  they 
called  her,  on  old  lady — used  to  take  care  of 
me  and  sister.  Sister  was  fourteen  years  old 
(she's  married  to  a  young  man  now,  and  they've 
gone  to  America;  she  went  from  a  place  in 
the  East  India  Docks,  and  I  saw  her  oflT).  I 
used,  when  I  wjis  with  mother,  to  go  to  school 
in  the  morning,  and  go  at  nine  and  come  home 
at  twelve  to  dinner,  then  go  again  at  two  and 
leave  off  at  half-past  four, — that  is,  if  I  be- 
haved myself  and  did  nil  my  lessons  right;  for 
if  1  did  not  I  was  kept  baok  till  I  did  them  so. 
Mother  used  to  pay  one  shilling  a- week,  and 
extra  for  the  copy-books  and  things.  I  can 
read  and  write — oh,  yes,  I  mean  read  and 
write  well — read  anything,  even  old  English; 
wid  I  write  pretty  fair, —  though  I  don't  get 
much  reading  now,  unless  it's  a  penny  paper — 
I've  got  one  in  my  pocket  now  —  it's  the 
London  Journal — there's  a  tale  in  it  now  about 
two  brofhpr«»,  and  one  of  them  steals  the  child 
vwvf  m  "  •  >ther  in  his  place,  and  then 

he  get  and  all  that,  and  he's  just 

been  fii....._  .  ;.  ..  bridge  now. 

••  After  mother  got  l>ettcr,  she  sold  all  the 
furniture  and  go«><ls  and  come  up  to  London ; 
— poor  mother  !  She  let  a  man  of  the  name 
r>f  Hayes  have  the  greater  part,  and  ho  left 
IfMnrich  soon  after,  and  never  gave  mother  the 
money.  We  rume  up  tr)  Tendon,  and  mother 
took  two  rooms  in  VVestminster,  and  I  and 
riater  lived  along  with  her.  She  used  to 
niAke  hair-nets,  and  sister  helped  her,  and 
iBSd  t^  take  'era  to  the  hair- dressers  to  sell. 
fflie  iMade  these  nets  for  two  or  three  years, 


though  she  was  suffering  with  a  bad  breast ; 
—  she  died  of  that — poor  thing! — for  she 
had  what  doctors  calls  cancer — perhaps  you've 
heard  of  'em,  sir, —  and  they  had  to  cut  all 
round  here  (making  motions  with  his  hands 
from  the  shoulder  to  the  bosom).  Sister  saw 
it,  though  I  didn't. 

"  Ah !  she  was  a  very  good,  kind  mother, 
and  very  fond  of  both  of  us ;  though  father 
wasn't,  for  he'd  always  have  a  noise  with 
mother  when  he  come  home,  only  he  was 
seldom  with  us  when  he  was  making  his 
goods. 

"  After  mother  died,  sister  still  kept  on 
making  nets,  and  I  lived  with  her  for  some 
time,  xmtil  she  told  me  she  couldn't  afford  to 
keep  me  no  longer,  though  she  seemed  to 
have  a  pretty  good  lot  to  do  ;  but  she  would 
never  let  me  go  with  her  to  the  shops,  though 
I  could  crochet,  which  she'd  learned  me,  and 
used  to  run  and  get  her  all  her  silks  and  things 
what  she  wanted.  But  she  was  keeping  com- 
pany with  a  young  man,  and  one  day  they 
went  out,  and  came  back  and  said  they'd  been 
and  got  married.   It  was  him  as  got  rid  of  me. 

*'  He  was  kind  to  me  for  the  first  two  or 
three  months,  while  he  was  keeping  her  com- 
pany ;  but  before  he  was  married  he  got  a 
little  cross,  and  after  he  was  manied  he  begun 
to  get  more  cross,  and  used  to  send  me  to  play 
in  the  streets,  and  tell  me  not  to  come  home 
again  till  night.  One  day  he  hit  me,  and  I 
said  I  wouldn't  be  liit  about  by  him,  and  then 
at  tea  that  night  sister  gave  me  three  shillings, 
and  told  me  I  must  go  and  get  my  own  living. 
So  I  bought  a  box  and  brushes  (they  cost  me 
just  the  money)  and  went  cleaning  boots,  and 
I  done  pretty  well  with  them,  till  my  box  was 
stole  from  me  by  a  boy  where  I  was  lodging. 
He's  in  prison  now —  got  six  calendar  for 
picking  pockets. 

"  Sister  kept  all  my  clothes.  When  I  asked 
her  for  'em,  slie  said  they  was  disposed  of  along 
with  all  mother's  goods ;  but  she  gave  me  somo 
shirts  and  stocldngs,  and  such-like,  and  I  had 
very  good  clothes,  only  they  was  all  worn  out. 
I  saw  sister  after  I  left  her,  many  times.  I 
asked  her  many  times  to  take  me  back,  but 
she  used  to  say, '  It  was  not  her  likes,  but  her 
husband's,  or  she'd  have  had  mo  back ;'  and  I 
think  it  was  true,  for  untU  ho  came  she  was  a 
kind-hearted  girl ;  but  ho  said  he'd  enough 
to  do  to  look  after  his  own  living ;  ho  was  a 
fancy-baker  by  trade. 

"  I  was  fifteen  the  24th  of  last  May,  sir,  and 
I've  been  sweeping  crossings  now  near  upon 
two  years.  There's  a  party  of  six  of  us,  and 
we  have  the  crossings  from  St.  iMardn's  Church 
as  far  as  Pall  Mall.  I  always  go  along  with 
them  as  lodges  in  the  same  place  as  I  do.  In 
the  daytime,  if  it's  dry,  we  do  anythink  what 
we  can  —  open  cabs,  or  anythink;  but  if  it's 
wet,  wo  separate,  and  I  and  another  gets  a 
crossing — those  who  gets  on  it  first,  keeps  it, 
— and  wo  stand  on  each  side  and  take  our 
chance. 


LOG 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


"  We  do  it  in  this  way : — if  I  was  to  see  two 
gentlemen  coming,  I  should  cry  out,  'Two 
toffs  ! '  and  then  they  are  mine  ;  and  whether 
they  give  me  anythiuk  or  not  they  are  mine, 
and  my  mate  is  bound  not  to  follow  them ;  for 
if  he  did  he  would  get  a  hiding  from  the  whole 
lot  of  us.  If  we  both  cry  out  together,  then 
we  share.  If  it's  a  lady  and  gentleman,  then 
we  cries,  '  A  toff  and  a  doll ! '  Sometimes  we 
are  caught  out  in  this  way.  Perhaps  it  is  a 
lady  and  gentleman  and  a  child  ;  and  if  I  was 
to  see  them,  and  only  say,  '  A  toff  and  a  doll,' 
and  leave  out  tlie  child,  then  my  mate  can  add 
the  child ;  and  as  he  is  right  and  I  wrong, 
then  it's  liis  pai*ty. 

"If  there's  a  policeman  close  at  hand  we 
mustn't  ask  for  money ;  but  we  are  always  on 
the  look-out  for  the  poKcemen,  and  if  we  see 
one,  then  we  calls  out '  Phillup  ! '  for  that's 
our  signal.  One  of  the  policemen  at  St.  Mar- 
tin's Church — Bandy,  we  calls  him — knows 
what  Phillup  means,  for  he's  up  to  us ;  so  we 
had  to  change  the  word.  (At  the  request  of 
the  young  crossing- sweeper  the  present  signal 
is  omitted.) 

"  Yesterday  on  the  crossing  I  got  threepence 
halfpenny,  but  when  it's  dry  like  to-day  I  do 
nothink,  for  I  haven't  got  a  penny  yet.  We 
never  carries  no  pockets,  for  if  the  policemen 
find  us  we  generally  pass  the  money  to  our 
mates,  for  if  money's  found  on  us  we  have 
fourteen  days  in  prison. 

"  If  I  was  to  reckon  all  the  year  round,  that 
is,  one  day  with  another,  I  think  we  make  four- 
pence  every  day,  and  if  we  Avere  to  stick  to  it 
we  should  make  more,  for  on  a  very  muddy 
day  we  do  better.  One  day,  the  best  I  ever 
had,  from  nine  o'clock  in  the  morning  till 
seven  o'clock  at  night,  I  made  seven  shillings 
and  sixpence,  and  got  not  one  bit  of  silver 
money  among  it.  Every  shilling  I  got  I  went 
and  left  at  a  shop  near  where  my  crossing  is, 
for  fear  I  might  get  into  any  harm.  The  shop's 
kept  by  a  woman  we  deals  with  for  what  we 
wants — tea  and  butter,  or  sugar,  or  brooms  — 
anythink  we  wants.  Saturday  night  week  I 
made  two-and-sixpence ;  that's  what  I  took 
altogether  up  to  six  o'clock. 

"When  we  see  the  rain  we  say  together, 
*0h!  there's  a  jolly  good  rain!  we'll  have  a 
good  day  to-morrow.'  If  a  shower  comes  on, 
and  we  are  at  our  room,  which  we  general  are 
about  three  o'clock,  to  get  somethink  to  eat — 
besides,  we  general  go  there  to  see  how  much 
each  other's  taken  in  the  day — why,  out  we 
run  with  our  brooms. 

"  We're  always  sure  to  make  money  if  there's 
mud — that's  to  say,  if  Ave  look  for  our  money, 
and  ask  ;  of  course,  if  we  stand  still  we  don't. 
Now,  there's  Lord  Fitzhardinge,  he's  a  good 
gentleman,  what  lives  in  Spring-gardens,  in  a 
large  house.  He's  got  a  lot  of  servants  and 
carriages.  Every  time  he  crosses  the  Charing- 
cross  crossing  he  always  gives  the  girl  half  a 
sovereign."  (This  statement  was  taken  in 
June  1856.)     "  He  doesn't  cross  often,  be- 


cause, hang  it,  he's  got  such  a  lot  of  carriages, 
but  when  he's  on  foot  he  always  does.  If 
they  asks  him  he  doesn't  give  nothink,  but  if 
they  touches  their  caps  he  does.  The  house- 
keeper  at  his  house  is  very  kind  to  us.  We 
run  errands  for  her,  and  when  she  wants 
any  of  lier  own  letters  taken  to  the  post  then 
she  calls,  and  if  we  are  on  the  crossing  we 
takes  them  for  her.  She's  a  very  nice  lady, 
and  gives  us  broken  victuals.  I've  got  a  share 
in  that  crossing, —  there  are  three  of  us,  and 
when  he  gives  the  half  sovereign  ho  always 
gives  it  to  the  gu'l,  and  those  that  are  in  it 
shares  it.  She  would  do  us  out  of  it  if  she 
could,  but  we  aU  takes  good  care  of  that,  for 
we  are  all  cheats. 

"  At  night-time  we  tumbles — that  is,  if  the 
policemen  ain't  nigh.  We  goes  general  to 
Waterloo-place  when  the  Opera's  on.  We 
sends  on  one  of  us  ahead,  as  a  looker-out,  to 
look  for  the  policeman,  and  then  we  follows. 
It's  no  good  tumbling  to  gentlemen  going  to 
the  Opera ;  it's  when  they're  coming  back  they 
gives  us  money.  When  they've  got  a  young 
lady  on  their  arm  they  laugh  at  us  tumbhng  ; 
some  will  give  us  a  penny,  others  threepence, 
sometimes  a  sixpence  or  a  shilling,  and  some- 
times a  halfpenny.  We  either  do  the  cat'un- 
whcel,  or  else  we  keep  before  the  gentleman 
and  lady,  turaing  head- over-heels,  putting  our 
broom  on  the  ground  and  then  turning  over  it. 

"  1  work  a  good  deal  fetching  cabs  after  the 
Opera  is  over ;  we  general  open  the  doors  of 
those  what  draw  up  at  the  side  of  the  pavement 
for  people  to  get  into  as  have  walked  a  httle 
down  the  Haymarket  looking  for  a  cab.  We 
gets  a  month  in  prison  if  we  touch  the  others 
by  the  columns.  I  once  had  half  a  sovereign 
give  me  by  a  gentleman  ;  it  was  raining  awful, 
and  I  run  aU  about  for  a  cab,  and  at  last  I  got 
one.  .  The  gentleman  knew  it  was  half  a 
sovereign,  because  he  said — '  Here,  my  little 
man,  here's  half  a  sovereign  for  your  trouble.' 
He  had  three  ladies  with  him,  beautiful  ones, 
with  nothink  on  their  heads,  and  only  capes 
on  their  bare  shoulders ;  and  he  had  white 
kids  on,  and  his  regular  Opera  togs,  too.  I 
liked  him  very  much,  and  as  he  was  going  to 
give  me  somethink  the  ladies  says — '  Oh,  give 
him  somethink  exti-a  ! '  It  was  pouring  with 
rain,  and  they  couldn't  get  a  cab ;  they  were 
all  engaged,  but  I  jumped  on  the  box  of  one 
as  was  driving  along  the  line.  Last  Saturday 
Opera  night  I  made  fifteen  pence  by  the  gen- 
tlemen coming  from  the  Opera. 

"  After  the  Opera  we  go  into  the  Haymarket, 
where  all  the  women  are  who  walk  the  streets; 
all  night.  They  don't  give  us  no  money,  but 
they  tell  the  gentlemen  to.  Sometimes,  when 
they  are  talking  to  the  gentlemen,  they  say, 
'  Go  away,  you  young  rascal ! '  and  if  they  ore 
saucy,  then  we  say  to  them, '  We're  not  talking 
to  you,  my  doxy,  we're  talking  to  the  gentle- 
man,'—  but  that's  only  if  they're  rude,  for  if 
they  speak  civil  we  always  goes.  They  knows 
what '  doxy'  means.     What  is  it  ?     Why  that 


THE  IRISH  CROSSING-SWEEPER. 

[Prom  a  Pholograpli.1 


Pnse  481. 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


497 


they  are  no  better  than  us !  If  we  are  on  the 
wossing,  and  we  says  to  them  as  they  go  by, 
*  Good  luck  to  you ! '  they  always  give  us  some- 
think  either  that  night  or  the  next.  There  are 
two  with  bloomer  bonnets,  who  always  give  us 
somethink  if  we  says  '  Good  luck,'  Sometimes 
a  gentleman  will  tell  us  to  go  and  get  them  a 
younf  lady,  and  then  we  goes,  and  they  genei-al 
gives  us  sixpence  for  that.  If  the  gents  is 
dressed  finely  we  gets  tliem  a  handsome  girl ; 
if  they're  dressed  middling,  then  we  gets  them 
a  middling-di-essed  one ;  but  we  usual  prefers 
giving  a  turn  to  girls  that  have  been  kind  to 
us,  and  they  ai*e  sure  to  give  us  somethink 
the  next  night.  If  we  don't  find  any  girls 
walking,  we  knows  where  to  get  them  in  the 
houses  in  the  streets  roimd  about. 

"We  always  meet  at  St.  Martin's  steps  — 
the  'jury  house,'  we  calls  'em — at  three  o'clock 
in  the  morning,  that's  always  our  hour.  We 
reckons  up  what  we've  taken,  but  we  don't 
divide.  Sometimes,  if  we  owe  anythink  where 
we  lodge,  the  women  of  the  house  avlU  be 
waiting  on  the  steps  for  us  :  then,  if  we've  got 
it,  we  pay  them ;  if  we  haven't,  why  it  can't  be 
helped,  audit  goes  on.  We  gets  into  debt, 
because  sometimes  the  women  where  we  live 
gets  lushy ;  then  we  don't  give  them  anjiJiink, 
because  they'd  forget  it,  so  we  spends  it  our- 
selve*.  We  can't  lodge  at  what's  called  model 
lodging-houses,  as  our  hours  don't  suit  them 
folks.  We  pays  threepence  a-night  for  lodging. 
Food,  if  we  get  plenty  of  money,  we  buys  for 
ourselves.  We  buys  a  pound  of  bread,  that's  two- 
pence farthing — best  seconds,  and  a  farthing's 
worth  of  dripping —  that's  enough  for  a  pound 
of  bread — and  we  gets  a  ha'porth  of  tea  and 
a  hA'porth  of  sugar ;  or  if  were  hard  up,  we 
gets  only  a  penn'orth  of  bread.  We  make  our 
own  tea  at  home ;  they  lends  us  a  kittle,  tea- 
pot, and  cups  and  saucers,  and  all  that. 

"  Once  or  twice  a- week  we  gets  meat.  We 
aU  club  together,  and  go  into  Newgate  Market 
and  gets  some  pieces  cheap,  and  biles  them  at 
home.  We  tosses  up  who  shall  have  the 
biggest  bit,  and  we  divide  the  broth,  a  cupful 
in  each  basin,  until  it's  lasted  out.  If  any  of 
us  has  been  unlucky  we  each  gives  the  unlucky 
one  one  or  two  halfpence.  Some  of  us  is 
obliged  at  times  to  sleep  out  all  night ;  and 
aometinies,  if  any  of  us  gets  nothink,  then  the 
oth«n  gives  him  a  penny  or  two,  and  he  does 
the  Mune  for  us  when  toe  are  out  of  luck. 

••  Beaides,  there's  our  clothes :  I'm  paying 
for  a  pair  of  boots  now.  I  paid  a  shilling  otf 
Saturday  night. 

"  When  we  gets  home  at  half-past  three  in 
the  morning,  whoever  cries  out  '  first  wash ' 
has  it.  First  of  all  we  washes  our  feet,  and  we 
all  uses  the  same  water.  Then  we  washes  our 
£mm  and  hands,  and  necks,  and  whoever 
latehea  the  fresh  water  op  has  first  wash ;  and 
a  the  second  dont  like  to  go  and  get  fi-esh, 
why  he  uses  the  dirty.  Whenever  we  come  in 
the  landlady  makes  us  wash  our  feet.  Very 
the  ttoiMS  c«ti  oar  ftet  and  makes  them 


bleed  ;  then  we  biod  a  bit  of  rag  round  them. 
We  like  to  put  ou  boots  and  shoes  in  the  day- 
time, but  at  night-time  we  can't,  because  it 
stops  the  tumbling. 

"  On  the  Sunday  we  all  have  a  clean  shirt 
put  on  before  we  go  out,  and  then  we  go  and 
tumble  after  the  omnibuses.  Sometimes  we 
do  very  well  on  a  fine  Sunday,  when  there's 
plenty  of  people  out  on  the  roofs  of  the  busses. 
We  never  do  anythink  on  a  wet  day,  but  only 
when  it's  been  raining  and  then  dried  up.  1 
have  run  after  a  Cremorae  bus,  when  they've 
thrown  us  money,  as  fax  as  from  Charing-cross 
right  up  to  Piccadilly,  but  if  they  don't  throAv 
us  nothink  we  don't  nm  very  far.  I  should 
think  we  gets  at  that  work,  talcing  one  Sunday 
with  another,  eightpence  all  the  year  round. 

"  When  there's  snow  on  tlie  ground  we  puts 
our  money  together,  and  goes  and  buys  au  old 
shovel,  and  then,  about  seven  o'clock  in  the 
morning,  we  goes  to  the  shops  and  asks  them 
if  we  shall  scrape  the  snow  away.  We  general 
gets  twopence  every  house,  but  some  gives 
sixi)ence,  for  it's  very  hard  to  clean  the  snow 
away,  particular  when  it's  been  on  the  ground 
some  time.  It's  awful  cold,  and  gives  us  chU- 
blains  on  our  feet ;  but  wo  don't  mind  it  when 
we're  working,  for  we  soon  gets  hot  then. 

"  Before  winter  comes,  we  general  save  up 
our  money  and  buys  a  pair  of  shoes.  Some- 
times we  makes  a  very  big  snowball  and  rolls 
it  up  to  the  hotels,  and  then  the  gentlemen 
laughs  and  throws  us  money ;  or  else  we  pelt 
each  other  with  snowballs,  and  then  they 
scrambles  money  between  us.  We  always  go 
to  Morle/s  Hotel,  at  Chariug-cross.  The 
police  in  winter  times  is  kinder  to  us  than  in 
summer,  and  they  only  laughs  at  us ;— p'rhaps 
it  is  because  there  is  not  so  many  of  us  about 
then, — only  them  as  is  obhgated  to  find  a 
living  for  themselves ;  for  many  of  the  boys 
has  fathers  and  mothers  as  sends  them  out  in 
summer,  but  keeps  them  at  home  in  winter 
when  it's  piercing  cold. 

"  I  have  been  to  the  station-house,  because 
the  police  always  takes  us  up  if  we  are  out  at 
night;  but  we're  only  locked  up  till  morning, 
— that  is,  if  we  behaves  ourselves  when  we're 
taken  before  the  gentleman.  Mr.  Hall,  at 
Bow-street,  only  says,  '  Poor  boy,  let  him  go.' 
But  it's  only  when  we've  done  nothink  but 
stop  out  that  he  says  that.  He's  a  kind  old 
gentleman ;  but  mind,  it's  only  when  you  have 
been  before  him  two  or  three  times  he  says  so, 
because  if  it's  a  many  times,  he'll  send  you  for 
fourteen  days. 

••But  we  don't  mind  the  police  much  at 
niglit-time,  because  wo  jumps  over  the  walls 
round  the  place  at  Trafalgar-square,  and  they 
dont  like  to  follow  us  at  that  game,  and  only 
stands  looking  at  you  over  the  parrypit. 
There  was  one  tried  to  jump  the  wall,  but  he 
split  his  trousei-s  all  to  bits,  and  now  they're 
afraid.  That  was  Old  Bandy  as  bust  his 
breeches;  and  wo  all  hate  him,  as  well  as 
another  we  ciUls  Black  Diamond,  what's  general 


498 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


along  •vrith  the  Eed  Liners,  as  we  calls  the 
Mendicity  oflBcers,  who  goes  about  in  disguise 
as  gentlemen,  to  take  up  poor  boys  caught 


When  we  are  talking  together  we  always 
talk  in  a  kind  of  slang.  Each  policeman  we 
gives  a  regular  name — there's  'Bull's  Head,' 
'  Bandy  Shanks,'  and  '  Old  Cherry  Legs,'  and 
'  Dot-and-carry-one  ;*  they  all  knows  their 
names  as  well  as  us.  We  never  talks  of  cross- 
ings, but  'fakes.'  We  dont  make  no  slang 
of  our  own,  but  uses  the  regvilar  one. 

"A  broom  doesn't  last  us  more  than  a  week 
in  wet  weather,  and  they  costs  us  twopence 
halfpenny  each  ;  but  in  dry  weather  they  are 
good  for  a  fortnight." 

Young  Mike's  Statement. 

The  next  lad  I  examined  was  called  Mike. 
He  was  a  short,  stout-set  youth,  with  a  face 
like  an  old  man's,  for  the  features  were  hard 
and  defined,  and  the  hollows  had  got  filled  up 
with  dirt  till  his  countenance  was  brown  as 
an  old  wood  carving.  I  have  seldom  seen  so 
dirty  a  face,  for  the  boy  had  been  in  a  perspir- 
ation, and  then  wiped  his  cheeks  "with  his 
muddy  hands,  until  they  were  marbled,  like 
the  covering  to  a  copy-book. 

The  old  lady  of  the  house  in  which  the  boy 
lived  seemed  to  be  hurt  by  the  unwashed  ap- 
pearance of  her  lodger.  "  You  ought  to  be 
ashamed  of  yourself — and  that's  God's  truth — 
not  to  go  and  sluice  yourself  afore  spaking  to 
the  jintlemin,"  she  cried,  looking  alternately 
at  me  and  the  lad,  as  if  asking  me  to  witness 
her  indignation. 

Mike  wore  no  shoes,  but  his  feet  were  as 
black  as  if  cased  in  gloves  with  short  fingers. 
His  coat  had  been  a  man's,  and  the  tails 
reached  to  his  ankles  ;  one  of  the  sleeves  was 
wanting,  and  a  dirty  rag  had  been  wound 
round  the  arm  in  its  stead.  His  hair  spread 
about  like  a  tuft  of  grass  where  a  rabbit  has 
been  squatting. 

He  said,  "  I  haven't  got  neither  no  father 
nor  no  mother, —  never  had,  sir;  for  father's 
been  dead  these  two  year,  and  mother  getting 
on  for  eight.  They  was  both  Irish  people, 
please  sir,  and  father  was  a  bricklayer.  When 
father  was  at  work  in  the  country,  mother 
used  to  get  work  carrying  loads  at  Covent- 
garden  Market.  I  lived  with  father  till  he 
died,  and  that  was  from  a  complaint  in  his 
chest.  After  that  I  lived  along  with  my  big 
brother,  what's  'listed  in  the  Marines  now. 
He  used  to  sweep  a  crossing  in  Camden-town, 
opposite  the  Southampting  Harms,  near  the 
toll-gate. 

"  He  did  pretty  well  up  there  sometimes, 
such  as  on  Christmas-day,  where  he  has  took 
as  much  as  six  shillings  sometimes,  and  never 
less  than  one  and  sixpence.  All  the  gentle- 
ments  knowed  him  thereabouts,  and  one  or 
two  used  to  give  him  a  shilling  a -week  re- 
gular. 


"  It  was  he  as  fii'st  of  all  put  me  up  to  sweep 
a  crossing,  and  I  used  to  take  my  stand  at  St. 
Martin's  Church. 

"  I  didn't  see  anybody  working  there,  so  I 
planted  myself  on  it.  After  a  time  some  other 
boys  come  up.  They  come  up  and  wanted  to 
turn  me  off,  and  began  hitting  me  with  their 
brooms, — they  hit  me  regular  hard  >vith  the 
old  stumps ;  there  was  five  or  six  of  them ;  so 
I  couldn't  defend  myself,  but  told  the  police- 
man, and  he  turned  them  all  away  except  me, 
because  he  saw  me  on  first,  sir.  Now  we  are 
all  friends,  and  work  together,  and  all  that  we 
earns  ourself  we  has. 

"  On  a  good  day,  when  it's  poured  o'  rain 
and  then  leave  off  sudden,  and  made  it  nice 
and  muddy,  I've  took  as  much  as  ninepence ; 
but  it's  too  dry  now,  and  we  don't  do  more 
than  fourpence. 

"  At  night,  I  go  along  with  the  others 
tumbling.  I  does  the  cat'en- wheel  [probably 
a  contraction  of  Catherine-wheel]  ;  I  throws 
myself  over  sideways  on  my  hands  with  my 
legs  in  the  air.  I  can't  do  it  more  than  four 
times  loinning,  because  it  makes  the  blood  to 
the  head,  and  then  all  the  things  seems  to 
turn  round.  Sometimes  a  chap  -ndll  give  me 
a  lick  with  a  stick  just  as  I'm  going  over — 
sometimes  a  reg'lar  good  hard  whack ;  but  it 
ain't  often,  and  we  general  gets  a  halfpenny  or 
a  penny  by  it. 

"  The  boys  as  runs  after  the  busses  was  the 
first  to  do  these  here  cat'en-wheels.  I  know 
tlie  boy  as  was  the  very  first  to  do  it.  His 
name  is  Gander,  so  we  calls  him  the  Goose. 

"  There's  about  nine  or  ten  of  us  in  our 
gang,  and  as  is  reg'lar;  we  lodges  at  different 
places,  and  we  has  our  reg'lar  hours  for  meet- 
ing, but  we  all  comes  and  goes  when  we  likes^ 
only  we  keeps  together,  so  as  not  to  let  any 
others  come  on  the  crossings  but  ourselves. 

"  If  another  boy  tries  to  come  on  we  cries 
out, '  Here's  a  Eooshian,'  and  then  if  he  wont 
go  away,  we  all  sets  on  him  and  gives  him  a 
drubbing;  and  if  he  still  comes  down  the  next 
day,  we  pays  him  out  twice  as  much,  and 
harder. 

"  There's  never  been  one  down  there  yet  as 
can  hck  us  all  together. 

"  If  we  sees  one  of  our  pals  being  pitched 
into  by  other  boys,  we  goes  up  and  helps  him. 
Gander's  the  leader  of  our  gang,  'cause  he  can 
tumble  back'ards  (no,  that  ain't  the  cat'en- 
wheel,  that's  tumbling) ;  so  he  gets  more  tin 
give  him,  and  that's  why  we  makes  him  cap'an.. 

"  After  twelve  at  night  we  goes  to  the  Re- 
gent's Circus,  and  we  tumbles  there  to  the 
gentlemen  -and  ladies.  The  most  I  ever  got 
was  sixpence  at  a  time.  The  French  ladies 
never  give  us  nothink,  but  they  all  says,  '  Chit, 
chit,  chit,'  like  hissing  at  us,  for  they  can't 
understand  us,  and  we're  as  bad  off  with  them. 

"  If  it's  a  wet  night  we  leaves  off  work  about 
twelve  o'clock,  and  don't  bother  with  the  Hay- 
market. 

"  The  first  as  gets  to  the  crossing  does  the 


LONDON  LAROUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


499 


sweeping  away  of  the  mud.  Then  they  has  in 
return  all  the  halfpence  they  can  take.  When 
it's  been  wet  every  day,  a  broom  gets  down  to 
stump  in  about  four  days.  We  either  burns 
the  old  brooms,  or,  if  we  can,  we  sells  'em 
for  a  ha'penny  to  some  other  boy,  if  he's  flat 
enough  to  buy  'em." 

Gandes — The  "CArxAiN"  of  the  Boy 
Ckossing-Sweepebs. 

Gander,  the  captain  of  the  gang  of  boy  cross- 
ing-sweex)€rs,  was  a  big  lad  of  sixteen,  with  a 
face  devoid  of  all  expression,  until  he  laughed, 
when  the  cheeks,  mouth,  and  forehead  in- 
stantly  became  crumpled  up  with  a  wonderful 
quantity  of  lines  and  dimples.  His  hair  was 
cut  short,  and  stood  up  in  all  directions,  Hke 
the  bristles  of  a  hearth-broom,  and  was  a  light 
dust  tint,  matching  with  the  hue  of  his  com- 
plexion, which  also,  from  an  absence  of  wash- 
ing, had  turned  to  a  decided  drab,  or  what 
house-painters  term  a  stone-colour. 

He  spoke  with  a  lisp,  occasioned  by  the  loss 
of  two  of  his  large  front  teeth,  which  allowed 
the  tongue  as  he  talked  to  appear  Uirough  the 
opening  in  a  round  nob  like  a  raspberry. 

The  boy's  clothing  was  in  a  shocking  con- 
dition. He  had  no  coat,  and  his  blue-striped 
shirt  was  as  diity  as  a  French-polisher's  rags, 
and  so  tattered,  that  the  slioulder  was  com- 
pletely bare,  while  the  sleeve  hung  down  over 
the  hand  like  a  big  bag. 

From  the  fish -scales  on  the  sleeves  of  his 
coat,  it  had  e\idently  once  belonged  to  some 
coster  in  the  herring  line.  The  nap  was  all 
worn  off,  so  that  the  lines  of  the  web  were 
showing  like  a  coarse  carpet;  and  instead  of 
buttons,  string  had  been  passed  through  holes 
pierced  at  the  side. 

Of  course  he  had  no  shoes  on,  and  his  black 
trousers,  which,  with  the  grease  on  them,  were 
gradually  assiuning  a  tarpaulin  look,  were 
fastened  over  one  shoulder  by  means  of  a 
brace  and  bits  of  string. 

During  his  statement,  he  illustrated  his  ac- 
count of  the  tumbling  backwards — the  "  caten- 
wheeUng  " —  with  different  specimens  of  the 
art,  throwing  himself  about  on  tlie  floor  with 
an  ease  and  almost  grace,  and  taking  up  so 
small  a  space  of  the  ground  for  the  perform- 
ance, that  his  limbs  seemed  to  bend  as  though 
his  bones  were  flexible  like  cane. 

"To  tell  you  the  blessed  truth,  I  can't  say 
the  last  shilling  I  handled." 

"  Dontyou  go  a- believing  on  him,"  whispered 
another  lad  in  my  car,  whilst  Gander's  head 
was  tamed :  **  he  took  thirteenpence  last  night, 
he  did.- 

It  was  perfectly  impossible  to  obtain  from 
this  lad  any  accoant  of  his  averag<>  earnings. 
The  other  boys  in  the  gang  told  me  that  he 
made  more  than  any  of  them.  But  Gander, 
who  is  a  thorough  street- beggar,  and  speaks 
with  a  pectUiar  whine,  and  who,  directly  yon 
look  at  him,  puts  on  an  expression  of  deep 


distress,  seemed  to  have  made  up  his  mind, 
that  if  he  made  himself  out  to  be  in  great  want 
I  should  most  likely  relieve  him — so  he  would 
not  budge  an  inch  from  his  twopence  a-day, 
declaring  it  to  be  the  maximum  of  his  daily 
earnings. 

"  Ah,"  he  continued,  with  a  persecuted  tone 
of  voice,  "  if  I  had  only  got  a  little  money,  I'd 
be  a  bright  youth  !  The  first  chance  as  I  get 
of  earning  a  few  halfpence,  I'll  buy  myself 
a  coat,  and  be  off  to  the  countiy,  and  I'll 
lay  something  I'd  soon  be  a  gentleman  then, 
and  come  home  \n.\h  a  couple  of  pounds  in  my 
pocket,  instead  of  never  having  ne'er  a  farthing, 
as  now." 

One  of  the  other  lads  here  exclaimed, 
"  Don't  go  on  like  that  there.  Goose ;  you're 
making  us  out  all  liars  to  the  gentleman." 

The  old  woman  also  interfered.  She  lost 
all  patience  with  Gander,  and  I'eproached  him 
for  making  a  false  return  of  liis  income.  She 
tried  to  shame  him  iato  trutlifulness,  by  say- 
ing,— 

"  Look  at  my  Johnny — my  grandson,  sir, 
he's  not  a  quarther  the  Goose's  size,  and  yet 
he'll  bring  me  home  liis  shilling,  or  perhaps 
eighteenpence  or  two  shilhngs — for  shame  on 
j'ou,  Gander !  Now,  did  you  make  six  shillings 
last  week? — now,  speak  God's  truth!" 

"What!  six  shillings?"  cried  the  Goose — 
"  six  shillings  ! "  and  he  began  to  look  up  at  the 
ceiling,  and  shake  his  hands.  "  Why,  I  never 
heard  of  sich  a  sum.  I  did  once  see  a  half- 
crown  ;  but  I  don't  know  as  I  ever  touched  e'er 
a  one." 

"  Thin,"  added  the  old  woman,  indignantly, 
"  it's  because  you'i-e  idle,  Gander,  and  you  don't 
study  when  you're  on  the  crossing ;  but  lets  the 
gintlefolk  go  by  without  ever  a  word.  That's 
what  it  is,  sir." 

The  Goose  seemed  to  feel  the  tnith  of  this 
reproach,  for  he  said  with  a  sigh,  "  I  knows  I 
am  fickle-minded." 

He  then  continued  his  statement, — 

"  I  can't  tell  how  many  brooms  I  use ;  for  as 
fast  as  I  gets  one,  it  is  took  from  me.  God 
help  me !  They  watch  me  put  it  away,  and 
then  up  they  comes  and  takes  it.  What  kinds 
of  brooms  is  the  best  ?  Why,  as  far  as  I  am  con- 
cerned, I  would  sooner  have  a  stump  on  a  dry 
day  — it's  lighter  and  handier  to  carry ;  but  on 
a  wet  day,  give  me  a  new  un. 

•'  I'm  sixteen,  your  honour,  and  my  name's 
George  Gandea,  and  the  boys  calls  me  •  the 
Goose '  in  consequence ;  for  it's  a  nickname 
they  givesme,  though  my  name  ain't  speltwith 
a  har  at  the  end,  but  with  a  h'ay,  so  that  I  ain't 
Gand«?r  after  all,  but  Gandea,  which  is  a  sell 
for  'em. 

♦*God  knows  what  I  am — whether  I'm 
h'lrish  or  h'/talian,  or  what ;  l»ut  I  was  christ- 
ened here  in  London,  and  that's  all  about  it 

"  Father  was  a  bookbinder.  I'm  sixteen 
now,  and  fallier  turned  me  away  when  I  was 
nine  year  old,  for  mother  had  been  dead  before 
that  I  was  told  my  right  name  by  my  brother- 


500 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOH. 


in-law,  who  hsid  my  register.  He's  a  sweep, 
sir,  by  trade,  and  I  wanted  to  know  about  ray 
real  name  when  I  was  going  down  to  the 
Waterloo — that's  a  ship  as  I  wanted  to  get 
aboard  as  a  cabin-boy. 

"  I  remember  the  fust  night  I  slept  out 
after  father  got  rid  of  me.  I  slept  on  a  gen- 
tleman's door-step,  in  the  winter,  on  the 
15th  Januaiy.  I  packed  my  shirt  and  coat, 
which  was  a  pretty  good  one,  right  over  my 
ears,  and  then  scruntched  myself  into  a  door- 
way, and  the  policeman  passed  by  four  or  five 
times  without  seeing  on  me. 

"  I  had  a  mother-iu-law  at  the  time ;  but 
father  used  to  di-ink,  or  else  I  should  never 
have  been  as  I  am ;  and  he  came  home  one 
night,  and  says  he,  •  Go  out  and  get  me  a  few 
ha'pence  for  breakfast,'  and  I  said  I  had  never 
been  in  the  streets  in  my  life,  and  couldn't ; 
and,  says  he,  '  Go  out,  and  never  let  me  see 
you  no  more,'  and  I  took  him  to  his  word,  and 
have  never  been  near  him  since. 

"  Father  lived  in  Barbican  at  that  time,  and 
after  leaving  him,  I  used  to  go  to  the  Royal 
Exchange,  and  there  I  met  a  boy  of  the  name 
of  IMichael,  and  he  first  learnt  me  to  beg,  and 
made  me  run  after  people,  sajdng,  '  Poor  boy, 
sir — please  give  us  a  ha'penny  to  get  a  mossel 
of  bread.'  But  as  fast  as  I  got  anythink,  he 
used  to  take  it  away,  and  Icnock  me  about 
shameful ;  so  I  left  him,  and  then  I  picked  up 
with  a  chap  as  taught  me  tumbhng.  I  soon 
lamt  how  to  do  it,  and  then  I  used  to  go 
tumbling  after  busses.  That  was  my  notion 
all  along,  and  I  hadn't  picked  up  the  way  of 
doing  it  half  an  hour  before  I  was  after  that 
game. 

*'  I  took  to  crossings  about  eight  year  ago, 
and  the  very  fust  person  as  I  asked,  I  had  a 
fourpenny-piece  give  to  me.  I  said  to  him, 
*  Poor  little  Jack,  yer  honour,'  and,  fust  of  all, 
says  he,  '  I  haven't  got  no  coppers,'  and  then 
he  turns  back  and  give  me  a  fourpenny-bit. 
I  thought  I  was  made  for  life  when  I  got  that. 

"  I  wasn't  working  in  a  gang  then,  but  all  by 
myself,  and  I  used  to  do  well,  making  about  a 
shilling  or  ninepence  a-day.  I  lodged  in  Chtirch- 
lane  at  that  time. 

"  It  was  at  the  time  of  the  Shibition  year 
(18.51)  as  these  gangs  come  up.  There  was 
lots  of  boys  that  came  out  sweeping,  and  that's 
how  they  picked  up  the  tumbling  off  me,  seeing 
me  do  it  up  in  the  Park,  going  along  to  the 
Shibition. 

"  The  crossing  at  SC  Martin's  Church  was 
mine  fust  of  all;  and  when  the  other  lads 
come  to  it  I  didn't  take  no  heed  of  'em  —  only 
for  that  I'd  have  been  a  bright  boy  by  now, 
hut  they  camied  me  over  like;  for  when  I 
tried  to  turn  'em  off  they'd  say,  in  a  camying 
way, '  Oh,  let  us  stay  on,'  so  I  never  took  no 
heed  of  'em. 

"  There  was  about  thirteen  of  'em  in  my 
gang  at  that  time. 

"They  made  me  cap'an  over  the  lot — I 
suppose  because  they  thought  I  was  the  best 


tumbler  of  'em.  They  obeyed  mo  a  httle.  If 
I  told  'em  not  to  go  to  any  gentleman,  they 
wouldn't,  and  leave  him- to  me.  There  was 
only  one  feller  as  used  to  give  me  a  share  of 
his  money,  and  that  was  for  larning  him  to 
tumble — he'd  give  a  penny  or  twopence,  just 
as  he  yeamt  a  little  or  a  lot.  I  taught  'em  all 
to  tumble,  and  we  used  to  do  it  near  tlio 
crossing,  and  at  night  along  the  streets. 

"  We  used  to  be  sometimes  together  of  a 
day,  some  a-running  after  one  gentleman,  and 
some  after  another ;  but  we  seldom  kept  toge- 
ther more  than  three  or  four  at  a  time. 

"  I  was  the  fust  to  introduce  tumbling  back- 
ards,  and  I'm  proud  of  it — yes,  sir,  I'm  proud 
of  it.  There's  another  httle  chap  as  I'm  lam- 
ing to  do  it ;  but  he  ain't  got  strength  enough 
in  his  arms  like.  ('  ^ih  ! '  exclaimed  a  lad  in 
the  room,  '  he  is  a  one  to  tumble,  is  Johnny — 
go  along  the  streets  hke  anythink.') 

"  He  is  the  King  of  the  Tumblers,"  continued 
Gander — "  King,  and  I'm  Cap'an." 

The  old  grandmother  here  joined  in.  "  He 
was  taught  by  a  furreign  gintleman,  sir,  whose 
^yiSe  rode  at  a  circus.  He  used  to  come  here 
twice  a-day  and  give  him  lessons  in  this  here 
very  room,  sir.     That's  how  he  got  it,  sir." 

"Ah,"  added  another  lad,  in  an  admirinc,' 
tone,  "  see  him  and  the  Goose  have  a  race  ! 
Away  they  goes,  but  Jacky  will  leave  him  a 
mOe  behind." 

The  history  then  continued: — "People  liked 
the  tumbling  backards  and  forards,  and  it  got 
a  good  bit  of  money  at  fust,  but  they  is  getting 
tired  with  it,  and  I'm  growing  too  hold,  I  fancy. 
It  hurt  me  awful  at  fust.  I  tiled  it  fust  under 
a  railway  arch  of  the  Blackwall  Railway ;  and 
when  I  goes  backards,  I  thought  it'd  cut  my 
head  open.  It  hurts  me  if  I've  got  a  thin  cap 
on. 

"  The  man  as  taught  me  tumbling  has  gone 
on  the  stage.  Fust  he  went  about  with  swords, 
fencing,  in  pubKc-houses,  and  then  he  got  en- 
gaged. Me  and  him  once  tumbled  all  round 
the  circus  at  the  Rotunda  one  night  wot  was 
a  benefit,  and  got  one-and-eightpence  a-piece, 
and  all  for  only  five  hours  and  a  half — from 
six  to  half-past  eleven,  and  we  acting  and 
tumbling,  and  all  that.  We  had  plenty  of 
beer,  too.  We  w^as  wery  much  applauded 
when  we  did  it. 

"  I  was  the  fust  hoy  as  ever  did  ornamental 
work  in  the  mud  of  my  crossings.  I  used  to 
be  at  the  crossing  at  the  comer  of  Begent- 
suckus;  and  that's  the  wery  place  where  I 
fust  did  it.  The  wery  fust  thing  as  I  did  was 
a  hanker  (anchor) — a  regular  one,  with  turn- 
up sides  and  a  rope  down  the  centre,  and  all. 
I  sweeped  it  away  clean  in  the  mud  in  the 
shape  of  the  drawing  I'd  seen.  It  paid  well, 
for  I  took  one-and-ninepence  on  it.  The  next 
thing  I  tried  was  writing  '  God  save  the  Queen;' 
and  that,  too,  paid  capital,  for  I  think  I  got 
two  bob.  After  that  I  tried  We  Har  (V.  R.) 
and  a  star,  and  that  was  a  sweep  too.  I  never 
did  no  flowers,   but  I've  done  imitations  of 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOB. 


001 


laurels,  and  put  them  all  roond  the  crossing, 
and  very  pretty  it  looked,  too,  at  night.  I'd 
buy  a  farthing  candle  and  stick  it  over  it,  and 
make  it  nice  and  comfortable,  so  that  the 
people  could  look  at  it  easy,  "\^^lenever  I  see 
a  carriage  coming  I  used  to  douse  the  glim 
and  nm  away  with  it,  but  the  wheels  would 
regularly  spile  the  drawings,  and  then  we'd 
have  all  the  trouble  to  put  it  to  rights  again, 
and  that  we  used  to  do  ^vith  our  hands. 

"  I  fust  learut  drawing  in  the  mud  fi'om  a 
man  in  Adelaide-stieet,  Strand;  he  kept  a 
crossing,  but  he  only  used  to  draw  'em  close 
to  the  kerb-stone.  He  used  to  keep  some  soft 
mud  there,  and  when  a  carriage  come  up  to 
the  Lowther  Arcade,  after  he'd  opened  the 
door  and  let  the  lady  out,  he  would  set  to 
"work,  and  by  the  time  she  come  back  he'd 
have  some  flowers,  or  a  "We  Har,  or  whatever 
he  liked,  done  in  the  mud,  imd  imderneath 
he'd  Avrite, '  Please  to  remember  honnest  hin- 
dustry.' 

*'  I  used  to  stand  by  and  see  him  do  it,  until 
rd  learnt,  and  when  I  knowed,  I  went  off  and 
did  it  at  my  crossing. 

"  I  was  the  fust  to  light  up  at  night  though, 
and  now  I  wish  I'd  never  done  it,  for  it  was 
that  which  got  me  turned  off  my  crossing,  and 
a  capital  one  it  was.  I  thought  the  gentlemen 
coming  from  the  play  would  like  it,  for  it  looked 
very  pretty.  The  policeman  said  I  was  de- 
structing  (obstructing)  the  thoroughfare,  and 
making  too  much  row  there,  for  the  people 
used  to  stop  in  the  crossing  to  look,  it  were  so 
pretty.  He  took  me  in  charge  three  times  on 
one  night,  cause  I  wouldn't  go  away  ;  but  he 
let  me  go  again,  till  at  last  I  thought  he  would 
lock  me  up  for  the  night,  so  I  hooked  it. 

"  It  was  after  this  as  I  went  to  St.  Martin's 
Church,  and  I  haven't  done  half  as  well  there. 
Last  night  I  took  three-ha'pence;  but  I  was 
larking,  or  I  might  have  had  more." 

As  a  proof  of  the  very  small  expense  which 
is  required  for  the  toilette  of  a  crossing- 
sweeper,  I  may  mention,  that  within  a  few 
minates  after  Master  Gander  had  finished  his 
statement,  he  was  in  possession  of  a  coat,  for 
which  he  had  paid  the  sum  of  fivepeuce. 

When  he  brought  it  into  the  room,  all  the 
boys  and  the  women  crowded  round  to  sec  tlie 
purchase. 

•*  It's  a  very  good  un,"  said  the  Goose.  "  It 
only  wants  just  taking  up  here  and  there ;  and 
this  cuff  putting  to  rights."  And  as  he  spoke 
he  pointed  to  tears  large  enough  for  a  head  to 
be  thrust  through. 

**  I've  seen  that  cost  before,  sum 'arcs,"  said 
one  of  the  women  ;  ••  where  did  you  get  it  ?  " 

*'  At  the  ohandly-shop,"  answered  the  Goose. 


Tus 


EiKO"   QW  THE   TUMBLIKO-BOY 

Cfiossmo-  SwxjEfjus. 


Tbb  yoimg  sweeper  who  had  been  styled 
by  bis  ocmipanions  the  **  King"  was  a  pretty- 
looJdng  boy,  oi^y  tall  enough  to  rest  his 


chin  comfortably  on  the  mantel-piece  as  he 
tjilked  i<i  me,  and  with  a  pair  of  grey  eyes  that 
were  as  bright  and  clear  as  drops  of  seii^ water. 
He  was  clad  in  a  st}  le  in  no  way  agreeing  with 
his  royal  title ;  for  he  had  on  a  kind  of  dii't- 
coloured  shooting-coat  of  tweed,  which  was 
frajing  into  a  kind  of  cobweb  at  the  edges  and 
elbows.  His  trousers  too,  were  rather  faulty, 
for  there  was  a  pink-wrinkled  dot  of  flesh  at 
one  of  the  knees ;  while  their  length  was  too 
great  for  his  majesty's  short  legs,  so  that  they 
had  to  be  rolled  up  at  the  end  like  a  washer- 
woman's sleeves. 

His  royal  highness  was  of  a  restless  dispo- 
sition, and,  whilst  talking,  lifted  up,  one  after 
another,  the  different  oi-uameuts  on  the  man- 
tel-piece, frowning  and  looking  at  them  side- 
ways, as  he  pondered  over  the  replies  he  should 
make  to  my  questions. 

"When  I  an-ived  at  the  grandmother's  apart- 
ment the  "king"  was  absent,  his  mjyesty 
having  been  sent  with  a  pitcher  to  fetch  some 
spring-water. 

The  "king"  also  was  kind  enough  to  favour 
me  with  samples  of  his  wondrous  tumbling 
powers.  He  could  bend  his  little  legs  round 
till  they  curved  hke  the  long  German  sausages 
we  see  in  the  ham-and-beef  shops ;  and  when 
he  turned  head  over  heels,  he  curled  up  his 
tiny  body  as  closely  as  a  wood-louse,  and  then 
rolled  along,  wabbling  like  an  egQ. 

"  The  boys  call  me  Johnny,"  he  said ;  "  and 
I'm  getting  on  for  eleven,  and  I  goes  along 
with  the  Goose  and  Harry,  a-sweepiug  at  St. 
Martin's'Church,  and  about  there.  I  used,  too, 
to  go  to  the  crossing  where  the  statute  is,  sir, 
at  the  bottom  of  the  Haymarket.  I  went  along 
^ith  the  others ;  sometimes  there  were  three 
or  four  of  us,  or  sometimes  one,  sii*.  I  never 
used  to  sweep  unless  it  was  wet.  I  don't  go 
out  not  before  tv/elve  or  one  in  the  day ;  it 
ain't  no  use  going  before  that ;  and  beside,  I 
couldn't  get  up  before  that,  I'm  too  sleepy. 
I  don't  stop  out  so  late  as  the  other  boys ;  they 
sometimes  stop  all  night,  but  I  don't  like  that. 
The  Goose  was  out  all  night  along  with  Mai'- 
tin ;  they  went  all  along  up  Ticcirilly,  and 
there  they  climbed  over  the  l*ai'k  raUiugs  and 
went  a  birding  all  by  themselves,  and  then 
thoy  went  to  sleep  for  an  hour  on  the  grass — 
so  they  says.  I  likes  better  to  come  homo  to 
my  bed.  It  kills  me  for  the  next  day  when  I 
do  stop  out  all  night.  Tho  Goose  is  always 
out  all  night ;  he  likes  it. 

"  Neither  father  nor  mother's  alive,  sir,  but 
I  lives  along  with  grandmother  and  aunt,  as 
owns  this  room,  and  I  always  gives  them  all 
I  gets. 

*'  Sometimes  I  makes  a  shilling,  sometimes 
sixpence,  and  sometimes  less.  I  can  never 
take  nothink  of  a  day,  only  of  a  night,  because 
I  can't  tumble  of  a  day,  and  I  can  of  a  night. 

"The  Gander  taught  me  tumbling,  and  he 
was  the  first  as  did  it  along  the  crossings.  I 
can  tumble  quite  as  well  as  the  Goose ;  I  can 
turn  a  eaten- wheel,  and  be  can't,  and  I  can  go 


502 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


further  on  forards  than  him,  but  I  can't  tumble 
hackards  as  he  can.  I  can't  do  a  handspring, 
though.  "Why,  a  handspring's  pitcliing  yourself 
forards  on  both  hands,  turning  over  in  front, 
and  lighting  on  yovu'  feet ;  that's  veiy  difficult, 
and  very  few  can  do  it.  There's  one  little 
chap,  but  he's  veiy  clover,  and  can  tie  himself 
Tip  in  a  knot  a'most.  I'm  best  at  oaten-wheels ; 
I  can  do  'em  twelve  or  fourteen  times  running 
—keep  on  at  it.  Itjustrfoes  tire  you,  that's 
all.  When  I  gets  up  I  feels  quite  giddy.  I 
can  tumble  about  forty  times  over  head  and 
heels.  I  does  the  most  of  that,  and  I  thinks 
it's  the  most  difficult,  but  I  can't  say  which 
gentlemen  likes  best.  You  see  they  are  anigh 
sick  of  the  head-and-heels  tumbling,  and  then 
werry  few  of  the  boys  can  do  caten-wheels  on 
the  crossings — only  two  or  three  besides  me. 

"  When  I  see  anybody  coming,  I  says, 
'  Please,  sir,  give  me  a  halfpenny,'  and  touches 
my  ban-,  and  then  I  throws  a  eaten- wheel,  and 
has  a  look  at  'em,  and  if  I  sees  they  are  laugh- 
ing, then  I  goes  on  and  throws  more  of  'em. 
Perhaps  one  in  ten  -will  give  a  chap  something. 
Some  of  'em  will  give  you  a  threepenny-bit  or 
p'rhaps  sixpence,  and  others  only  give  you  a 
kick.  Well,  sir,  I  should  say  they  likes  tum- 
bling over  head  and  heels;  if  you  can  keep  it 
up  twenty  times  then  they  begins  laughing, 
but  if  you  only  does  it  once,  some  of 'em  will 
say, '  Oh,  I  could  do  that  myself,'  and  then  they 
don't  give  nothink. 

"  I  know  they  calls  me  the  King  of  Tum- 
blers, and  I  think  I  can  tumble  the  best  of 
them  ;  none  of  them  is  so  good  as  me,  only 
the  Goose  at  tumbling  backards. 

"We  don't  crab  one  another  when  we  ai-e 
.sweeping ;  if  we  was  to  crab  one  another,  we'd 
get  to  fighting  and  giving  slaps  of  the  jaw  to 
one  another.  So  when  we  sees  anybody  com- 
ing, we  crie?,  '  My  gentleman  and  lady  conaing 
here  ;'  '  My  lady ;'  '  My  two  gentlemens ;'  and 
if  any  other  chap  gets  the  money,  then  we  says, 
*  I  named  them,  now  I'll  have  halves.'  And  if 
he  won't  give  it,  then  we'll  smug  his  broom  or 
his  cap.  I'm  the  littlest  chap  among  our  lot, 
hut  if  a  fellow  like  the  Goose  was  to  take  my 
naming  then  I'd  smug  somethink.  I  shouldn't 
mind  his  licking  me,  I'd  smug  his  money  and 
get  his  halfpence  or  somethink.  If  a  chap  as 
can't  tumble  sees  a  sporting  gent  coming  and 
names  him,  he  says  to  one  of  us  tumblers, 
'Now,  then,  who'll  give  us  halves?'  and  then 
we  goes  and  tumbles  and  shares.  The  sport- 
ing gentlemens  likes  tumbling  ;  they  kicks  up 
more  row  laughing  than  a  dozen  Others. 

"  Sometimes  at  night  we  goes  down  to 
Covent  Garden,  to  where  Hevans's  is,  but  not 
tUl  all  the  plays  is  over,  cause  Hevans's  don't 
shut  afore  two  or  three.  When  the  people 
comes  out  we  gets  tumbling  afore  them.  Some 
of  the  drunken  gentlemens  is  shocking  spite- 
ful, and  runs  after  a  chap  and  gives  us  a  cut 
with  the  cane ;  some  of  the  others  will  give 
us  money,  and  some  will  buy  our  broom  off  us 
for  sixpence.    Me  and  Jemmy  sold  the  two  of 


our  brooms  for  a  shilling  to  two  drunken  gen- 
tlemens, and  they  began  kicking  up  a  row,  and 
going  before  other  gentlemens  and  pretending 
to  sweep,  and  taking  off  their  hats  begging, 
like  a  mocking  of  us.  They  danced  about  with 
the  brooms,  floiuishing  'em  in  the  aii',  and 
knocking  off  people's  hats ;  and  at  last  they 
got  into  a  cab,  and  chucked  the  brooms  away. 
The  drimken  gentlemens  is  always  either  jolly 
or  spiteful. 

"  But  I  goes  only  to  the  Haymarket,  and 
about  Pall  Mall,  now.  I  used  to  bo  going  up 
to  Hevans's  eveiy  night,  but  I  can't  take  my 
money  up  there  now.  I  stands  at  the  top  of 
the  Haymarket  by  Windmill-street,  and  when 
I  sees  a  lady  and  gentleman  coming  out  of  the 
Argyle,  then  I  begs  of  them  as  they  comes 
across.  I  says — '  Can't  you  give  me  a  ha'penny, 
sir,  poor  little  Jack  ?  I'll  stand  on  my  nose  for 
a  penny ;' — and  then  they  laughs  at  that. 

"  Goose  can  stand  on  his  nose  as  well  as 
me ;  we  puts  the  face  flat  down  on  the  ground, 
instead  of  standing  on  our  heads.  There's 
Duckey  Dunnovan,  and  the  Stuttering  Baboon, 
too,  and  two  others  as  well,  as  can  do  it  ;  but 
the  Stuttering  Baboon's  getting  too  big  and  fat 
to  do  it  Avell;  he's  a  very  awkward  tumbler. 
It  don't  hvu-t,  only  at  laming ;  cos  you  bears 
more  on  your  hands  than  your  nose. 

"  Sometimes  they  says — '  Well,  let  us  see 
you  do  it,'  and  then  p'raps  they'll  search  in 
their  pockets,  and  say  — '  0,  I  haven't  got  any 
coppers:'  so  then  we'll  force  'em,  and  p'raps 
they'll  pidl  out  their  purse  and  gives  us  a  little 
bit  of  silver. 

"All,  we  works  hard  for  what  we  gets,  and 
then  there's  the  policemen  bu'ching  us.  Some 
of  'em  is  so  spiteful,  they  takes  up  their  belt 
what  they  uses  round  the  waist  to  keep  their 
coat  tight,  and  '11  hit  us  -nith  the  buckle ;  but 
we  generally  gives  'em  the  lucky  dodge  and 
gets  out  of  their  way. 

"  One  night,  two  gentlemen,  officers  they 
was,  was  standing  in  the  Haymarket,  and 
a  drunken  man  passed  by.  There  was  snow  on 
the  ground,  and  we'd  been  begging  of  'em,  and 
says  one  of  them — 'I'll  give  you  a  shilling  if 
you'll  knock  that  drunken  man  over.'  We  was 
three  of  us ;  so  we  set  on  him,  and  soon  had 
him  down.  After  he  got  up  he  went  and  told 
the  policemen,  but  we  all  cut  round  different 
ways  and  got  off,  and  then  met  again.  We 
didn't  get  the  shilling,  though,  cos  a  boy 
crabbed  us.  He  went  up  to  the  gentleman, 
and  says  he — '  Give  it  me,  sir,  I'm  the  boy;' 
and  then  we  says — '  No,  sir,  it's  us.'  So,  says 
the  officer — 'I  sharn't  give  it  to  none  of  you,' 
and  puts  it  back  again  in  his  pockets.  We 
broke  a  broom  over  the  boy  as  crabbed  us,  and 
then  we  cut  down  Waterloo-place,  and  after- 
wards we  come  up  to  the  Haymarket  again, 
and  there  we  met  the  officers  again.  •  I  did  a 
caten-wheel,  and  then  says  I — '  Then  won't 
you  give  me  un  now?'  and  they  says — 'Go 
and  sweep  some  mud  on  that  woman.'  So  I 
went  and  did  it,  and  then  they  takes  me  in  a 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND   THE  LONDON  POOR. 


503 


pastry-shop  at  the  comer,  and  they  tells  me  to 
tumble  on  the  tables  in  the  shop.  I  nearly 
broke  one  of  'em,  they  were  so  delicate.  They 
gived  me  a  fourpenny  meat-pie  and  two  penny 
sponge-cakes,  which  I  puts  in  my  pocket,  cos 
there  was  another  sharing  with  mo.  The  lady 
of  the  shop  kept  on  screaming — '  Go  and  fetch 
me  a  police — take  the  dirty  boy  out,'  cos  I  was 
standing  on  the  tables  in  my  muddy  feet,  and 
the  officers  was  a  bursting  their  sides  ■nitli 
laughing ;  and  says  they,  *  No,  he  sham't 
stir,* 

"I  was  frightened,  cos  if  the  police  had 
come  they'd  been  safe  and  sure  to  have  took 
me.  They  made  me  tumble  from  the  door  to 
the  end  of  the  shop,  and  back  again,  and  then 
I  tinned  'em  a  caten-wheel,  and  was  near 
knocking  down  all  the  things  as  was  on  the 
counter. 

•'  They  didn't  give  me  no  money,  only  pies ; 
but  I  got  a  shilling  another  time  for  tumbling 
to  some  French  ladies  and  gentlemen  in  a 
pastry-cook's  shop  imder  the  Colonnade.  I 
often  goes  into  a  shop  like  that;  I've  done  it 
a  good  many  times. 

"  There  was  a  gentleman  once  as  belonged  to 
a  *  suckus,*  (circus)  as  wanted  to  take  me  with 
him  abroad,  and  teach  me  tumbling.  He  had 
a  little  mustache,  and  used  to  belong  to  Drury- 
lane  play-house,  riding  on  horses.  I  went  to 
his  place,  and  stopped  there  some  time.  He 
taught  me  to  put  my  leg  round  my  neck,  and 
I  was  just  getting  along  nicely  with  the  splits 
(going  down  on  the  ground  with  both  legs 
extended),  when  I  left  him.  They  (the  splits) 
used  to  hurt  worst  of  all;  very  bad  for  the 
thighs.  I  used,  too,  to  hang  with  my  leg  round 
his  neck.  When  I  did  anythink  he  liked,  he 
used  to  be  clapping  me  on  the  back.  He 
wasn't  so  very  stunning  well  off,  for  he  never 
had  what  I  calls  a  good  dinner — grandmother 
used  to  have  a  better  dinner  than  he, — per- 
haps only  a  bit  of  scrag  of  mutton  between 
three  of  us.  I  don't  like  meat  nor  butter,  but 
I  likes  dripping,  and  they  never  had  none 
there.  The  wife  used  to  drmk — ay,  veiy  much, 
on  the  sly.  She  used  when  ho  was  out  to 
send  me  round  with  a  bottle  and  sixpence  to 
get  a  quartern  of  gin  for  her,  and  she'd  take 
it  with  three  or  four  oysters.  Grandmother 
didn't  like  the  notion  of  my  going  away,  so 
she  went  down  one  day,  and  says  she — '  I 
wants  my  child;'  and  the  wife  says — '  That's 
according  to  the  master's  likings;'  and  then 
grandmotlier  says — *  What,  not  my  own  child  ? ' 
And  then  grandmother  began  talking,  and  at 
last^  when  Uie  master  come  home,  he  says  to 
me — 'Which  will  you  do,  stop  here,  or  go 
home  with  your  graudmother?'  So  I  come 
along  with  her. 

**  I'T^  been  sweeping  the  crossings  getting 
on  for  two  years.  Before  that  I  used  to  go 
caten-wbeeling  after  the  busses.  I  don't  like 
the  sweeping,  and  I  don't  think  there's  e'er  a 
one  of  us  wot  likes  it.  In  the  winter  we  has 
to  be  out  in  the  cold,  and  then  in  summer  we 


have  to  sleep  out  all  night,  or  go  asleep  on 
the  church-steps,  reg'lar  tired  out. 

"  One  of  us  '11  say  at  night — '  Oh,  I'm  sleepy 
now,  who's  game  for  a  doss  ?  I'm  for  a  doss ; ' 
— and  then  we  go  eight  or  ten  of  us  into  a 
doorway  of  the  cluu-ch,  where  they  keep  the 
dead  in  a  kind  of  airy-like  underneath,  and 
there  we  go  to  sleep.  The  most  of  the  boys 
has  got  no  homes.  Perhaps  they've  got  the 
price  of  a  lodging,  but  they're  hungry,  and 
they  eats  the  money,  and  then  they  must  lay 
out.  There's  some  of  'em  will  stop  out  in  the 
wet  for  perhaps  the  sake  of  a  halfpenny,  and 
get  themselves  sopping  wet.  I  think  aU  our 
chaps  would  like  to  get  out  of  the  work  if 
they  could;  I'm  sure  Goose  would,  and  so 
would  I. 

"  All  the  boys  call  me  the  King,  because  I 
tumbles  so  well,  and  some  calls  me  '  Pluck,' 
and  some  *  Judy.'  I'm  called  •  Pluck,'  cause 
I'm  so  plucked  a  going  at  the  gentlemen ! 
Tommy  Dunnovan  — '  Tipperty  Tight' — we 
calls  him,  cos  his  trousers  is  so  tight  he  can 
hardly  move  in  them  sometimes, — he  was  the 
first  as  called  me  'Judy.'  Dunnovan  once 
swallowed  a  pill  for  a  shilling.  A  gentleman 
in  the  Haymarket  says — 'If  you'll  swallow 
this  here  piU  I'll  give  you  a  shilling ; '  and 
Jimmy  says,  '  All  right,  sir ; '  and  he  puts  it 
in  his  mouth,  and  went  to  the  water-pails  near 
the  cab-stand  and  swallowed  it. 

"  All  the  chaps  in  our  gang  likes  me,  and 
we  all  likes  one  another.  We  always  shows 
what  we  gets  given  to  us  to  eat. 

"  Sometimes  we  gets  one  another  up  wild, 
and  then  that  fetches  up  a  fight,  but  that  isn't 
often.  '\\Tien  two  of  us  fights,  the  others  stands 
round  and  sees  fair  play.  There  was  a  fight 
last  night  between  '  Broke  his  Bones ' — as  we 
calls  Antony  Hones — and  Neddy  Hall — the 
'  Sparrow,'  or  *  Spider,'  we  calls  him, — some- 
thing about  the  root  of  a  pineapple,  as  we  was 
aiming  with  at  one  another,  and  that  called  up 
a  fight.  We  all  stood  round  and  saw  them  at 
it,  but  neither  of  'em  licked,  for  they  gived  in 
for  to-day,  and  they're  to  finish  it  to-night. 
We  makes  'em  fight  fair.  We  all  of  us  likes 
to  see  a  fight,  but  not  to  fight  ourselves.  Hones 
is  sure  to  beat,  as  Spider  is  as  thin  as  a  wafer, 
and  all  bones.  I  can  lick  the  Spider,  though 
he's  twice  my  size." 

The  Stbeet  where  the  Boy-Sweepers 

LODGED. 

I  WAS  anxious  to  see  the  room  in  which  the 
gang  of  boy  crossing-sweepers  lived,  so  that  I 
might  judge  of  their  peculiar  style  of  house- 
keeping, and  form  some  notion  of  theii*  prin- 
ciples of  domestic  economy. 

I  asked  young  Harry  and  "  the  Goose  "  to 
conduct  me  to  their  lodgings,  and  they  at 
once  consented,  "the  Goose"  prefacing  his 
compliance  with  the  remark,  that  "  it  wem't 
such  as  genilmen  had  been  accustomed  to,  but 
then  I  must  take  'em  as  they  was." 


iXH 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


The  l)05'3  led  me  in  the  direction  of  Drnry- 
lane;  and  before  enterinf»  one  of  the  narrow 
streets  which  branch  olf  like  the  side-bones 
of  a  fish's  spine  from  that  long  thoroughfare, 
they  thought  fit  to  caution  me  that  I  was  not 
to  be  frightened,  as  nobody  would  touch  me, 
for  all  was  very  civil. 

The  locality  consisted  of  one  of  those  narrow 
streets  which,  were  it  not  for  the  jmved  cart- 
way in  the  centre  would  be  call-Ml  a  court. 
Seated  on  the  pavement  at  each  side  of  the 
entrance  was  a  costei'woman  with  her  basket 
before  her,  and  her  legs  tucked  up  myste- 
riously under  her  gown  into  a  round  ball, 
so  that  her  figure  resembled  in  shape  the 
plaster  tumblers  sold  by  the  Italians.  These 
women  remained  as  inanimate  as  if  they  had 
been  carved  images,  and  it  was  only  when  a 
passenger  went  by  that  they  gave  signs  of  life, 
by  calling  out  in  a  low  voice,  like  talking  to 
themselves,  "  Two  for  three  haarpence — her- 
rens,"  —  "  Fine  hinguns." 

The  street  itself  is  like  the  description  given 
of  thoroughfares  in  the  East.  Opposite  neigh- 
bours coiild  not  exactly  shake  hands  out  of 
window,  but  they  could  taUc  together  very 
comfortably ;  and,  indeed,  as  I  passed  along, 
I  observed  several  women  with  their  ai-ms 
folded  up  like  a  cat's  paws  on  the  sill,  and 
chatting  with  their  friends  over  the  way. 

Nearly  all  the  inhabitants  were  costemion- 
gers,  and,  indeed,  the  naiTow  cartway  seemed 
to  have  been  made  just  wide  enough  for  a  truck 
to  wheel  down  it.  A  beershop  and  a  general 
store,  together  with  a  couple  of  sweejys, — 
whose  residences  were  distinguished  by  a 
broom  over  the  door,  —  foraied  the  only 
exceptions  to  the  street-selling  class  of  in- 
habitants. 

As  I  entered  the  place,  it  gave  me  the  no- 
tion that  it  belonged  to  a  distinct  coster 
colony,  and  formed  one  large  hawkers'  home ; 
for  everybody  seemed  to  be  doing  just  as 
he  liked,  and  I  was  stared  at  as  if  con- 
dered  an  intruder.  Women  were  seated  on 
the  pavement,  knitting,  and  repairing  their 
linen ;  the  doonvays  were  filled  up  with  bon- 
netless  girls,  who  wore  their  shawls  over 
their  head,  as  the  Spanish  women  do  their 
mantillas;  and  the  youths  in  corduroy  and 
brass  buttons,  who  were  chatting  with  them, 
leant  against  the  v  alls  as  they  smoked  their 
pipes,  and  blocked  up  the  pavement,  as  if  they 
were  the  proprietors  of  the  place.  Little  child- 
ren formed  a  convenient  bench  out  of  the  kerb- 
stone ;  and  a  party  of  four  men  were  seated  on 
the  footway,  plajing  with  cards  which  had 
turned  to  the  colour  of  brown  paper  from  long 
usage,  and  marking  the  points  with  chalk  upon 
the  flags. 

The  parlour-windows  of  the  houses  had 
all  of  them  wooden  shutters,  as  thick  and 
clumsy-looking  as  a  kitchen  flap-table,  the 
paint  of  which  bad  turned  to  the  dull  dirt- 
colour  of  an  old  slate.  Some  of  these  shutters 
were  evidently  never  used  as  a  security  for  the 


dwelling,  but  served  only  as  tjibles  on  which 
to  chalk  the  accounts  of  the  day's  sales.  \ 

Before  most  of  the  doors  were  costermongers*  i 
trucks — some  standing  reiwly  to  be  wheeled 
oflF,  and  otliers  stained  and  muddy  with  the 
day's  work.  A  few  of  the  costei-s  were  dress- 
ing up  their  ban-ows,  arninging  the  sieves  of 
waxy-looking  potatoes —  and  others  taking  the 
stift'  heiTings,  browned  like  a  meerschaum  with 
the  smoke  they  liad  been  dried  in,  from  the 
barrels  beside  them,  and  spacing  them  out  in 
pennyworths  on  their  trays. 

You  might  guess  what  each  cos  term  ongerhad 
taken  out  that  day  by  the  heap  of  refuse  swept 
into  the  street  before  the  doors.  One  house 
had  a  blue  mound  of  mussel-shells  in  front  of 
it — another,  a  pile  of  the  outside  leaves  of 
broccoli  and  cabbages,  turning  yellow  and  slimy 
with  bruises  and  moisture. 

Hanging  up  beside  some  of  the  doors  were 
bundles  of  old  strawberry  pottles,  stained  red 
with  the  fruit.  Over  the  trap-doors  to  the 
cellars  were  piles  of  market-gardeners'  sieves, 
ruddled  like  a  sheep's  back  with  big  red  let- 
ters. In  fact,  everything  that  met  the  eye 
seemed  to  be  in  some  way  connected  with  the 
coster's  trade. 

From  the  windows  poles  stretched  out,  on 
which  blankets,  petticoats,  and  linen  were  dry- 
ing ;  and  so  numerous  were  they,  that  they 
reminded  me  of  the  flags  hung  out  at  a  Paris 
fete.  Some  of  the  sheets  had  patches  as  big 
as  trap-doors  let  into  their  centres;  and  the 
blankets  were — many  of  them — as  full  of  holes 
as  a  pigeon-house. 

As  I  entered  the  court,  a  "row"  was  going 
on;  and  from  a  first-floor  window  a  lady,  whose 
hair  sadly  wanted  bnishing,  was  haranguing  a 
crowd  beneath,  throwing  her  arms  about  like 
a  drowning  man,  and  in  her  excitement  thrust- 
ing her  body  half  out  of  her  temporary  rostrum 
as  energetically  as  I  have  seen  Punch  lean 
over  his  theatre. 

"  The  willin  dragged  her,"  she  shouted, "  by 
the  hair  of  her  head,  at  least  three  yards  into 
the  court — the  willin!  and  then  he  kicked 
her,  and  the  blood  was  on  his  boot." 

It  was  a  sweep  who  had  been  behaving  in 
this  cowardly  manner;  but  still  he  had  his 
defenders  in  the  women  around  him.  One 
with  very  shiny  hair,  and  an  Indian  kerchief 
round  her  neck,  answered  the  lady  in  the 

window,  by  calling  her  a  "  d d  old  cat ;'' 

whilst  the  sweep's  wife  rushed  about,  clapping 
her  hands  together  as  quickly  as  if  she  was 
applauding  at  a  theatre,  and  styled  somebody 
or  other  "  an  old  wagabones  as  she  wouldn't 
dirty  her  hands  to  fight  with." 

This  "  row  "  had  the  effect  of  drawing  all 
the  lodgers  to  the  windows — their  heads  pop- 
ping out  as  suddenly  as  dogs  from  their  ken- 
nels in  a  fancier's  yard. 

The  Boy- Sweepers'  Room. 

The  room  where  the  boys  lodged  was  scarcely 
bigger  than  a  coach-house;   and  so  low  was 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


505 


the  ceiling,  that  a  fly-paper  suspended  from  a 
clothes-line  was  on  a  level  with  my  head,  and 
had  to  be  carefully  avoided  when  I  moved 
about. 

One  comer  of  the  apartment  was  completely 
filled  up  by  a  big  four-post  bedstead,  which 
fitted  into  a  kind  of  recess  as  perfectly  as  if  it 
had  been  built  to  order. 

The  old  woman  who  kept  this  lodging  had 
endeavoured  to  give  it  a  homely  look  of  com- 
fort, by  hanging  little  black-framed  pictures, 
scarcely  bigger  than  pocket-books,  on  the 
walls.  Most  of  these  were  sacred  subjects, 
with  large  yellow  glories  roimd  the  heads; 
though  between  the  drawing  representing  the 
bleeding  heart  of  Christ,  and  the  Saviour 
bearing  the  Cross,  was  an  illustration  of  a 
red-waistcoated  sailor  gmoking  his  pipe.  The 
Adoration  of  the  Shepherds,  again,  was  matched 
on  the  other  side  of  the  fireplace  by  a  portrait 
of  Daniel  O'Connell. 

A  chest  of  drawers  was  covered  over  vfith.  a 
green  baize  cloth,  on  which  books,  shelves, 
and  clean  glasses  were  tidily  set  out. 

Where  so  many  persons  (for  there  were  about 
eight  of  them,  including  the  landlady,  her 
daughter,  and  grandson)  could  all  sleep, 
puzzled  me  extremely. 

The  landlady  wore  a  frilled  nightcap,  wliich 
fitted  so  closely  to  tlie  skidl,  that  it  was  evident 
she  had  lost  her  hair.  One  of  her  eyes  was 
slowly  recovering  from  a  blow,  which,  to  use 
her  own  words,  "  a  blackgeyard  gave  her." 
Her  lip,  too,  had  suffered  in  the  encotinter, 
for  it  was  swollen  and  cut. 

"  I've  a  nice  flock-bid  for  the  boys,"  she 
said,  when  I  inquired  into  the  accommodation 
of  her  lodging-house,  "  where  three  of  them 
can  slape  aisy  and  comfortable." 

"  It's  a  large  bed,  sir,"  said  one  of  the  boys, 
^  and  a  warm  covering  over  us ;  and  you  see 
it's  better  than  a  regular  lodging-house ;  for, 
if  you  want  a  knife  or  a  cup,  you  don't  have  to 
leave  something  on  it  till  it's  returned." 

The  old  woman  spoke  up  for  her  lodgers, 
telling  me  that  they  were  good  boys,  and  very 
honest;  *'for,"  she  added,  "they  pays  me 
xig'lar  ivery  night,  which  is  threepence." 

The  only  youth  as  to  whose  morals  she 
seemed  to  be  at  all  doubtful  was  "  the  Goose," 
**  for  he  kept  late  hours,  and  sometimes  came 
borne  without  a  penny  in  his  pocket." 

B.  The  Girl  Crossing -Sweepers. 

ThZ  OiBL  CBOBSntO-SwEErEB  SENT  OUT  BT 
HCB  FaTHEB. 

A  UTTLE  girl,  who  worked  by  herself  at  her  own 
crossing,  gave  me  some  ctuious  information  on 
the  subject. 

This  child  had  a  peculiarly  flat  face,  with  a 
batUm  of  a  nose,  while  her  mouth  was  scarcely 
larger  than  a  bntton-hole.  When  she  spoke, 
there  was  not  the  slightest  expression  visible 
in  her  features;  indeed,  one  might  have  fan- 
cied  she    wore  a  mask   and    was   talking 


behind  it;  but  her  eyes  were  shining  the 
while  as  brightly  as  tliose  of  a  person  in  a 
fever,  and  kept  moving  about,  restless  with  her 
timidity.  The  green  frock  she  wore  was  fas- 
tened close  to  the  neck,  and  was  turning  into 
a  kind  of  mouldy  tint ;  she  also  wore  a  black 
stuff"  apron,  stained  with  big  patches  of  gruel, 
"  from  feeding  baby  at  home,  as  she  said." 
Her  liair  was  tidily  dressed,  being  drawn 
tightly  back  from  the  forehead,  like  the  buy-a- 
broora  girls ;  and  as  she  stood  with  her  hands 
thrust  up  her  sleeves,  she  curtseyed  each 
time  before  answering,  bobbing  down  like  a 
float,  as  though  the  floor  under  her  had  sud- 
denly given  way. 

"  I'm  twelve  years  old,  please  sir,  and  my 
name  is  Margaret  R ,  and  I  sweep  a  cross- 
ing in  New  Oxford-street,  by  Dunn's-passage, 
just  facing  Moses  and  Sons',  sir ;  by  the  Ca- 
tholic school,  sir.  Mother's  been  dead  these 
two  year,  sir,  and  father's  a  working  cutler, 
sir;  and  I  lives  with  him,  but  he  don't  get 
much  to  do,  and  so  I'm  obligated  to  help  him, 
doing  what  I  can,  sir.  Since  mother's  been 
dead,  I've  had  to  mind  my  little  brother  and 
sister,  so  that  I  haven't  been  to  school;  but 
when  I  goes  a  crossing-sweeping  I  takes  them 
along  with  me,  and  they  sits  on  the  steps  close 
by,  sir.  If  it's  wet  I  has  to  stop  at  home  and 
take  care  of  them,  for  father  depends  upon 
me  for  looking  after  them.  Sister's  three  and 
a-half  year  old,  and  brother's  five  year,  so  he's 
just  beginning  to  help  me,  sir.  I  hope  he'll 
get  something  better  tJian  a  crossing  when  he 
grows  up. 

•'  First  of  all  I  used  to  go  singing  songs  in 
the  streets,  sir.  It  was  when  father  had  no 
work,  so  he  stopped  at  home  and  looked  after 
the  children.  I  used  to  sing  tlie  '  Red,  White, 
and  Blue,"  and  '  ^Mother,  is  the  Battle  over  V 
and  *  The  Gipsy  Girl,'  and  sometimes  I'd  get 
fourpence  or  fivepence,  and  sometimes  I'd  have 
a  chance  of  making  ninepence,  sir.  Some- 
times,  though,  I'd  take  a  shilling  of  a  Saturday 
night  in  the  marketij. 

"  At  last  the  songs  grew  so  stale  people 
wouldn't  listen  to  them,  and,  as  I  carn't  read, 
I  couldn't  learn  any  more,  sir.  My  big  brother 
and  father  used  to  learn  me  some,  but  I  never 
could  get  enough  out  of  tliem  for  the  streets  ; 
besides,  father  was  out  of  work  still,  and  we 
couldn't  get  money  enough  to  buy  ballads  with, 
and  it's  no  good  singing  without  having  them 
to  sell.  We  live  over  there,  sir,  (pointing  to 
a  window  on  the  other  side  of  the  narrow 
streetV 

"  The  notion  come  into  my  head  all  of  itself 
to  sweep  crossings,  sir.  As  I  used  to  go  up 
Regent-street  I  used  to  see  men  and  women, 
and  girls  and  boys,  sweeping,  and  the  people 
giving  them  money,  so  I  thought  I'd  do  the 
same  thing.  That's  how  it  come  about. 
Just  now  the  weather  is  so  dry,  I  don't  go  to 
ray  crossing,  but  goes  out  singing.  I've  learnt 
some  new  songs,  such  as  'The  Queen  of  the 
Navy   for   ever,'   and   'The   Widow's    Last 


C,  O 


50G 


LOKDGX  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


Prayer,'  Avhich  is  about  the  wars.  I  only  go 
sweeping  in  wet  weather,  because  then's  the 
best  time.  When  I  am  there,  there's  some 
ladies  and  gentlemen  as  gives  to  me  regular. 
I  knows  them  by  sight ;  and  there's  a  beer- 
shop  where  they  give  me  some  bread  and 
cheese  whenever  I  go. 

"  I  generally  takes  about  sixpence,  or  seven- 
pence,  or  eightpence  on  the  crossing,  from 
about  nine  o'clock  in  the  morning  till  four  in 
the  evening,  when  I  come  home.  I  don't 
stop  out  at  nights  because  father  won't  let 
me,  and  I'm  got  to  be  home  to  see  to  baby. 

"My  broom  costs  me  twopence  ha'penny, 
and  in  wet  weather  it  lasts  a  Avcek,  but  in  dry 
weather  we  seldom  uses  it. 

"When  I  sees  the  busses  and  carriages 
coming  I  stands  on  the  side,  for  I'm  afeard  of 
being  runned  over.  In  winter  I  goes  out  and 
cleans  ladies'  doors,  general  about  Lincoln's - 
inn,  for  the  housekeepers.  I  gets  twopence  a 
door,  but  it  takes  a  long  time  when  the  ice  is 
hardened,  so  that  I  carn't  do  only  about  two  or 
thi-ee. 

"  I  carn't  tell  whether  I  shall  always  stop  at 
sweeping,  but  I've  no  clothes,  and  so  I  carn't 
get  a  situation;  for,  though  I'm  small  and 
yoimg,  yet  I  could  do  housework,  such  as 
cleaning. 

"  No,  sir,  there's  no  gang  on  my  crossing — 
I'm  all  alone.  If  another  girl  or  a  boy  was  to 
come  and  take  it  when  I'm  not  there,  I  should 
stop  on  it  as  well  as  him  or  her,  and  go  shares 
widi  'em." 

GiKL  Crossikg-Sweepee. 

I  WAS  told  that  a  little  girl  formed  one  of 
the  association  of  young  sweepers,  and  at  my 
request  one  of  the  boys  went  to  fetch  her. 

She  was  a  clean-washed  httle  thing,  with  a 
pretty,  expressive  countenance,  and  each  time 
she  was  asked  a  question  she  frowned,  like  a 
baby  in  its  sleep,  while  thinking  of  the  answer. 
In  her  ears  she  wore  instead  of  rings  loops  of 
stiing,  "  which  the  doctor  liad  put  there  be- 
cause her  sight  was  wrong."  A  cotton  velvet 
bonnet,  scarcely  larger  than  the  sun-shades 
worn  at  the  sea-side,  hung  on  her  shoulders, 
leaving  exposed  her  head,  with  the  hair  as 
rough  as  tow.  Her  green  stuff  goAvn  was  hang- 
ing in  tatters,  with  long  three-cornered  rents 
as  large  as  penny  kites,  showing  the  grey  lin- 
ing underneath ;  and  her  mantle  was  separ- 
ated into  so  many  pieces,  that  it  was  only  held 
together  by  the  braiding  at  the  edge. 

As  she  conversed  with  me,  she  played  with 
the  strings  of  her  bonnet,  rolling  them  up  as 
if  curUng  them,  on  her  singularly  small  and 
also  singularly  dirty  fingers, 

"  I'll  be  fourteen,  sir,  a  fortnight  before  next 
Christmas.  I  was  bom  in  Liquorpond-street, 
Gray's  Inn-lane.  Father  come  over  from  Ire- 
land, and  was  a  bricklayer.  He  had  pains  in 
his  limbs  and  wasn't  strong  enough,  so  he  give 
it  over.    He's  dead  now — been  dead  a  long 


time,  sii".  I  was  a  littler  girl  then  tlian  I  am 
now,  for  I  wasn't  above  eleven  at  that  time. 
I  lived  with  mother  after  father  died.  She 
used  to  sell  things  in  the  streets — yes,  sir,  slie 
was  a  coster.  About  a  twelvemonth  after 
father's  death,  mother  was  taken  bad  with  the 
cholera,  and  died.  I  then  went  along  mth  both 
grandmother  and  grandfather,  who  was  a 
porter  in  Newgate  Market ;  I  stopped  there 
until  I  got  a  place  as  sen-ant  of  all-woi"k.  I 
was  only  turned,  just  turned,  eleven  then.  I 
worked  along  with  a  French  lady  and  gentle- 
man in  Hatton  Garden,  who  used  to  give  me 
a  shilling  a-week  and  my  tea.  I  used  to  go 
home  to  grandmother's  to  dinner  eveiy  day. 
I  hadn't  to  do  any  work,  only  just  to  clean  the 
room  and  nuss  the  child.  It  was  a  nice  httle 
thing.  I  couldn't  understand  what  the  French 
people  used  to  say,  but  there  was  a  boy  Avork- 
ing  there,  and  he  used  to  explain  to  me  what 
they  meant. 

"  I  left  them  because  they  was  going  to  a 
place  called  Italy  —  perhaps  you  may  ha^-e 
heerd  tell  of  it,  sir.  Well,  I  suppose  they  must 
have  been  Itahans,  but  we  calls  eveiybody, 
whose  talk  we  don't  tmderstand,  French.  I 
went  back  to  grandmother's,  but,  after  grand- 
father died,  she  couldn't  keep  me,  and  so  I 
went  out  begging — she  sent  me.  I  carried 
lucifer-matches  and  stay-laces  fust.  I  used  to 
carry  about  a  dozen  laces,  and  perhaps  I'd  sell 
six  out  of  them.  I  suppose  I  used  to  make 
about  sixpence  a-day,  and  I  used  to  take  it 
home  to  grandmother,  who  kept  and  fed  me. 

« At  last,  finding  I  didn't  get  much  at  beg- 
ging, I  thought  I'd  go  crossing-sweeping.  I 
saw  other  children  doing  it.  I  says  to  myself, 
'I'll  go  and  buy  a  broom,'  and  I  spoke  to  an- 
other little  girl,  who  was  svreeping  up  Holbom, 
who  told  me  what  I  was  to  do.  <  But,'  says 
she, '  don't  come  and  cut  up  me.' 

"  I  went  fust  to  Holbom,  near  to  home,  at 
the  end  of  Eed  Lion-street.  Then  I  was 
frightened  of  the  cabs  and  carriages,  but  I'd 
get  there  early,  about  eight  o'clock,  and  sweep 
the  crossing  clean,  and  I'd  stand  at  the  side 
on  the  pavement,  and  speak  to  the  gentlemen 
and  ladles  before  they  crossed. 

"  There  was  a  couple  of  boys,  sweepers  at 
the  same  crossing  before  I  went  there.  I  went 
to  them  and  asked  if  I  might  come  and  sweep 
there  too,  and  they  said  Yes,  if  I  would  give 
them  some  of  the  halfpence  I  got.  These  was 
boys  about  as  old  as  I  was,  and  they  said,  if  I 
earned  sixpence,  I  was  to  give  them  twopence 
a-piece;  but  they  never  give  me  nothink  of 
theirs.  I  never  took  more  than  sixpence,  and 
out  of  that  I  had  to  give  fourpence,  so  that  I 
did  not  do  so  well  as  with  the  laces. 

"The  crossings  made  my  hands  sore  with 
the  sweeping,  and,  as  I  got  so  little,  I  thought 
I'd  try  somewhere  else.  Then  I  got  right  down 
to  the  Fountings  in  Trafalgar-square,  by  the 
crossing  at  the  statey  on  'orseback.  There 
were  a  good  many  boys  and  girls  on  that  cross- 
ing at  the  time — five  of  them;  so  I  went  along 


LONDON  LABOUR  AND  THE  LONDON  POOR. 


507 


with  them.  When  I  fust  went  they  said, 
'  Here's  another  fresh  'un.'  They  come  up  to 
me  and  says,  'Are  you  going  to  sweep  here  ?  ' 
and  I  says,  'Yes ; '  and  they  says,  'You  mustn't 
come  here,  there's  too  many;'  and  I  says, 
*  They're  different  ones  every  day,' — for  they're 
not  regular  there,  but  shift  about,  sometimes 
one  lot  of  boys  and  girls,  and  the  next  day 
another.  They  didn't  say  another  word  to  me, 
and  so  I  stopped. 

"  It's  a  capital  crossing,  but  there's  so  many 
of  us,  it  spiles  it.  I  seldom  gets  more  than 
sevenpence  a-day,  which  I  always  takes  home 
to  grandmother. 

*'I've  been  on  that  crossing  about  three 
months.  They  always  calls  me  Ellen,  my 
regular  name,  and  behaves  very  well  to  me. 
If  I  see  anybody  coming,  I  call  them  out  as 
the  boys  does,  and  then  they  are  mine. 


"There's  a  boy  and  myself,  and  another 
strange  girl,  works  on  our  side  of  the  statey, 
and  another  lot  of  boys  and  girls  on  the  other. 

"  I  like  Saturdays  the  best  day  of  the  week, 
because  that's  the  time  as  gentlemen  as  has 
been  at  work  has  their  money,  and  then  they 
are  more  generous.  I  gets  more  then,  per- 
haps ninepence,  but  not  quite  a  shilling,  on 
the  Saturday. 

"  I've  had  a  threepenny-bit  give  to  me,  but 
never  sixpence.  It  was  a  gentleman,  and  I 
should  know  him  again.  Ladies  gives  me  less 
than  gentlemen.  I  foller  'em,  saying,  '  If  you 
please,  sir,  give  a  poor  giii  a  halfpenny;'  but 
if  the  police  are  looking,  I  stop  still. 

"  I  never  goes  out  on  Sunday,  but  stops  at 
home  with  grandmother.  I  don't  stop  out  at 
nights  like  the  boys,  but  I  gets  home  by  ten 
at  latest." 


END  OP  VOL.  n. 


INDEX. 


Articles   for   amusement,   second-hand 
sellers  of       ------     16 


r-baiting     -      -      -      -      - 
Bedding,  &c.,  second-hand  sellers  of 
Bird-catchers  who  are  street  sellers 

duffers,  tricks  of     -      -      - 

street-seller,  the  crippled 

Birds'-nests,  sellers  of    -       -      - 

life  of  a  - 

Birds,  stuffed,  sellers  of  - 

•  live,  sellers  of       -      -      - 

foreign,  sellers  of  - 


Bone-grubbers-      -      -      -      - 

narrative  of  a  - 

Boots  and  shoes,  second-hand,  sellers 
Boy  crossing-sweepers'  room  - 
Brisk  and  slack  seasons  -      -      - 
Brushes,  second-hand,  sellers  of  - 
Burnt  linen  or  calico      -      -      - 


54 
15 
64 
69 
66 
72 
74 
23 
58 
70 
139 
141 
42 

-  504 

-  297 

-  22 

-  13 


of 


Cabinet-ware,  second-hand,  sellers  of  -  22 
Casual  labour  in  general  _  -  _  297 
—————  brisk  and  slack  seasons  -   297 

• among  the  chimney-sweeps  374 

Carpeting,  &c.,  second-hand,  sellers  of  14 
Cesspool  emptying  by  trunk  and  hoso  -  447 

437 
438 
448 
433 
339 


Cesspool  system  of  London   - 
— — —  of  Paris       -      -      _ 
Cenpool-sewerman,  statement  of  a     - 
Cesspoolage  and  nightmen    -      -      - 
Chimuey-sweepen,  the  London    - 

of  old,  and  climbing- 


boys 


stealing  children  - 
sores  and  diseases  - 
accidents  -  -  - 
cmolties  towards  - 
of  the  present  day 


346 
347 
850 
351 
352 
3M 


FAOX 

Chimney-sweepers,  work  and  wages   -   357 
general      character- 
istics of-------   365 

■ dress  and  diet  -      -  366 

abodes      -      -      -   367 

festival  at  May-day    371 

."leeks''-      -      -   375 

knullers  and  queriers  376 

Cigar-end  finders  -----  145 
Clocks,  second-hand,  sellers  of  -  -  23 
Clothes  worn    in    town    and  country, 

table  showing  comparative  cost  of  -  192 
Coal,  consumption  of      -      -      -      -    169 

sellers  of-      -----     gl 

Coke,  sellers  of  -----  85 
Commissioners  of  Sewers,  powers  of  -  416 
"  Coshar  "  meat  killed  for  the  Jews  -  121 
Criminals,  number  of,  in  England  and 

Wales     -------   320 

Crossing-sweeper,  the  aristocratic        -  467 

the  bearded      -      -   471 

a  Eegent-Street       -   474 

a  tradesman's    -      -   476 

"  old  woman  over  the 

water"  -------   477 

old  woman  who  had 

been  a  pensioner  -----  473 
— —  one  who  had  been  a 

servant-maid        -----   479 

■  the  female  Irish      -   482 

tho  Sunday       -      -  484 

the  wooden-logged  -  486 

•  the  one-legged  -  -  488 
the     most     severely 

afflicted        ------  488 

the  negro  who   lost 

both  his  legs  -----  490 
the  maimed  Irish    -  498 


510 


INDEX. 


PACK 

Crossing-sweeper,  Mike's  statement     -  498 

Gander  the  captain  -   499 

— the  king  of  the  tum- 
bling-boy crossing-sweepers      -      -   501 

' the  girl  sweeper  sent 

out  by  her  father  -      -      _      -      _   505 
Crossing-sweepers   -----   465 

• able-bodied  male   -   467 

— who  have  got    per- 
mission from  the  police,  narratives  of  472 

■ ■'  able-bodied  Irish    -   481 

the  occasional         -   484 

the  aiSicted     -      -   486 

■ boy,  and  tumblers  -   494 

where  they  lodge  503 

• their  room        -   504 

girl    _      -      _      -    505 

Curiosities,  second-hand,  sellers  of      -     21 
Curtains,  second-hand,  sellers  of  -      -     14 

Dog  "  finder's "  career,  a       -      -      -  51 
Dog-finders,  stealers,  and  restorers,  the 

former   -------  48 

-  extent  of  their  trade  -      -  49 
Dogs,  sellers  of        -----  52 

sporting,  sellers  of       -      -      -  54 

•' Dolly "  business,  the    -      -       -       -  108 

Dredgers,  the,  or  river-finders       -      -  147 

Dust-contractors      -      -      -      -      -  168 

Dust-heap,  composition  of  a  -      -      -  171 

' separation  of        -       -      -  172 

Dustmen,  the   -      -      -      -      -      -  166 

' '  filler  "  and  "  carrier  "  -      -  175 

their  general  character  -      -  177 

Dustmen,  sweeps,  and  nightmen  -      -  159 

•                             number  of  -      -      -  162 

Employers,  "  cutting,"  varieties  of       -   232 

"drivers"    -       -      -      -    233 

"grinders"-       -       -       -    233 

Fires  of  London       -----  378 
abstract  of  causes  of     -      -       -  379 

extinction  of  -      -      -      -      -  381 

Flushermen,  the  working       _      -      -  428 

history  of  an  individual  -  430 

Furs,  second-hand,  sellers  of  -      -      -  45 

Gander,    the    "captain"    of    the    boy 
sweepers       ------   499 

Garret  workmen,  labour  of    -      -      -   302 
Glass  and  crockery,   second-hand,  sel- 
lers of    -------15 

2. 


PAOB 

-  78 

-  Ill 

-  23 

-  173 

-  132 


Gold  and  silver  fish,  sellers  of 

Hare  and  rabbit-skins,  buyers  of 

Harness,  second-hand,  sellers  of 

Hill  men  and  women 

Hogs'-wash,  buyers  of     -      - 

Home  work      ------   313 

Horse,  food  consumed  by,  and  excre- 
tions in  twenty-four  hours  -      -      -    194 
Horse-dung  of  the  streets  of  London   -    193 

gross  annual  weight  of      -   195 

House-drainage,  as  connected  with  the 
sewers    -------   395 

Iron  Jack  -------H 

Jew  old  clothes-men       -      -       -      -119 

street-seller,  life  of  a     -      -      -    1 22 

boy  street-sellers     -      -      -      -    122 

their  pursuits,  trafiic,  &c.  123 

girl  street-sellers    -      -      -      _    124 

sellers  of  accordions,  &C.       ~       -    131 

Jews,  the  street       -      -      -       -      -115 

history  of        -----    117 

trades  and  localities       -       -       -    117 

habits  and  diet       -       -       -       -    121 

synagogues  and  religion        -      -    125 

politics,  literature,  and  amusements  126 

charities,  schools,  and  education  -    127 

•  funeral  ceremonies,  fasts,  and  cus- 
toms      --------    131 

Jewesses,  street,  the       -      -      -      -    124 

Kitchen-stuf^    grease,    and    dripping, 
buyers  of       -----      -    111 

KnuUers  and  queriers     -      -      -      _   376 

Labour,  economy  of        -      _      _      _  307 

Lasts,  second-hand,  sellers  of        -      -  23 

"Leeks,"  the     ------  375 

Leverets,  wild  rabbits,  &c  ,  sellers  of  -  77 

Linen,  second-hand,  sellers  of      -      -  13 

Live  animals,  sellers  of  -      -      -      -  47 

London  street  drains      -      -      -      -  393 

extent  of      -      -  400 

'          order  of        -       -  401 

outlets,     ramifica- 
tions, &c.,  of-      -      -      -      -      -  405 

Low  wages,  remedies  for       -      _      _  254 

•*  Lurker's,"  a,  career      -      -      -      -  51 

Marine-store  shops  -      -      -      -      -    108 
May-day    -------   370 


IXDEX. 


oil 


PAGE 

May-day,  sweeps'  festival  -  -  -  371 
Men's  second-hand  clothes,  sellers  of  -  40 
Motal  trays,  second-hand,  sellers  of  -  12 
Metropolitan  police  district,  the  -      -   159 

inhabited  houses      -      -    164 

population  -      -      -      -    1G5 

*'  lliliddleman  "  system  of  work  -  -  329 
Monmouth-street,  Dickens's  description 

of- 36 

Mud-larks-      ------    155 

story  of  a  reclaimed       -      -    158 

Mineral  productions  and  natural    cu- 
riosities, sellers  of       -      -      -      -     81 
Music  ••  duffers "    -      -      -      -      -     19 
ISIosical  instruments,  second-hand,  sel- 
lers of    -      -      -      -      -      -      -     18 

Night-soil,  present  disposal  of      -      -   448 
Nightmen,  the,  working  and  mode  of 
work      -------  450 

Offal,  how  disposed  of    -      -      -      -       7 

Old  Clothes  Exchange,  the  -      -      -     26 
wholesale  busi- 
ness at  the    ------     27 

Old  clothes-men      -      -      -      -      -119 

Old  hats,  sellers  of  -  -  _  -  -  43 
Old  John,  the  waterman,  statement  of  480 
Old  woman  "  over  the  water,"  tlie  -  477 
Old  wood  gatherers        -      -      -      -    146 

Paris,  cesspool  and  sewer  system  of     -  439 

rag-gatherers  of    -      -      -      -  141 

Paupers,  street-sweeping,  narratives  of  245 

number  of,  in  England  and 

Wales    -------  820 

Petticoat-lane,  street-sellers  of     -      -  36 

"Pare  "finders       -----  143 

narrative  of  a  female  -  144 

Purl-men,  the  -      -      -      -      -      -  93 

*'  Bag  and  bottle "  shops       -      -      -   108 
Bag-gatherers  ------   139 

Bags,  broken  metal,  bottles,  glass,  and 

bone,  buyers  of    -      -      -      -      -   106 

**  Bamonenr  Ck)mpany,"  tlic  -      -      -   373 
Bat-killing       ------     56 

Biver  beer-aeUers    -      -      -      -      -     93 

Birer  finders    ..----   147 

Boeemary-lane,  street  sellers  of  -  -  39 
Bubbish-oorteis,  the  -  -  -  281,289 
■I  wages  and  perquisites 

of 292 

2. 


Rubbish-carters,  social  characteristics  of  295 

casual  labourers  among  323 

scurf  trade  among      -   327 

Salt,  sellers  of  ------  89 

Sand,  sellers  of        -      -      -      _      _  90 

Scavenger,  statement  of  a  "  regular  "  -  224 

Scavengers,  master,  of  former  times    -  205 

• oath  of  -      -      -  206 

working        -       _      -      -  216 

labour  and  rates  of  payment  219 

"  casual  hands"  -       -       -  220 

habits  and  diet    -      -      -  226 

influence  of  free  trade  on 

their  earning^      _____  228 

worse  paid,  the   -      -      -  232 

Scaveugery,  contractors  for   -      -      -  210 

regulations  of  -  211 

premises  of      -  21G 

Scavenging,  jet  and  hose  system  of     -  275 

Scurf-labourers         -----  236 

Second-liand  apparel,  sellers  of    -      -  25 

articles,  sellers  of     -      -  5 

experience    of    a 

dealer  in       -__-__  n 
articles,  live  animals,  pro- 
ductions, &c.,  street-sellers  of,  their 
numbers,  capital,  and  income   -      -  97 

garments,  uses  of     -      -  29 

varieties  of      -  32 

store-shops        -      -      -  24 

Seven-dials,  Dickens's  description  of  -  35 

Sewage,  metropolitan,  quantity  of       -  387 

qualities  and  uses  of       -      -  407 

Sewerage,  the  City  -----  403 

new  plan  of  -      -      -      -  411 

Sewerage  and  scavengery,  London,  his- 
tory of-------  179 

Sewers,  ancient        -----  388 

kinds  and  characteristics  of     -  390 

subterranean  character  of        -  394 

house-drainage    in    connection 

with       -------   395 

ventilation  of      -      -      -      -   423 

flushing  and  plimging      -      -   424 

rats  in  tho  -      -      -      -      -   431 

— —  management  of  tlu-,  and  tho  late 

Commission  ------   414 

Commissioners,  powers  of        -   416 

rato      ------    420 

Sewer-hunters  -      -      -      -      -      -   150 

numbers  of    -      -      -    152 

strange  tale  of       -      -   154 


512 


INDEX. 


PAGE 

Sewermen  and  niglitmen  of  London  -  383 
Shells,  sellers  of-  -  -  -  -91 
Shoddy  nulls    ------     30 

fever     ------     31 

Smithfield  market,  second-hand  sellers 
at    --------     4G 

Smoke,  evils  of       -      -      -      -      -   339 

scientific  opinions  upon   340 

Squirrels,  sellers  of  -      -      -      -      -     77 

"Strapping"  system,  the,  illustration 
of    --------  304 

Street-huyers,  the,  varieties  of      -      -   103 
Street-cleansing,    modes    and    charac- 
teristics of    -----      -   207 

men    and    carts    em- 
ployed in       ------   213 

— pauper     labour      em- 
ployed in      ------   243 

narratives  of  individuals  245 

Street-finders  or  collectors,  varieties  of  136 
Street-folk,  census  of     -      -      -    ■  -       1 

capital  and  trade        -       -       2 

proscription  of    -      -       -       3 

rate  of  increase  -       -       -       5 

Street-muck,  or "  mac "         -      _      -    198 

uses  of       -      -       -      -    198 

value  of      -      -      -      -    199 

Street  Jews,  the  -  -  -  -  -115 
Street-orderlies,  the  -  -  _  -  253 
condition  of  -      -      -   261 

■  expenditure  of    -      -   265 

■  earnings  of  -      -      -   266 

City  surveyor's  report  of  271 

Street-sweeping,  employers  -  -  -  209 
parishes      -      -      -   209 


PAGE 

209 
208 
238 
181 
184 
185 


Street-sweeping,  philanthropists  - 
Street-sweeping  machines     -      -      - 

hands  employed  - 

Streets  of  London,  how  paved 

traffic  of  -      -      - 

' dust  and  dirt  of 

loss  and 

injury  from   ------    185 

mud  of  the       -       -   200 

' cost  and  traffic  of  -   278 

Sweeping  chimneys  of  steam-vessels  -  372 
Surface-water  of  the  streets  of  London  202 
■ analysis  of  205 

Tan-turf,  sellers  of  -      -      -      -  -  87 
Tea-leaves,  buyers  of      -      -      -  -  133 
Telescopes  and  pocket-glasses,  second- 
hand, sellers  of    -      -      -      -  -  22 
"  Translators "  of  old  shoes  -      -  -  34 

: extent  of  the  trade  -  35 

Tumbling  boy-sweepers,  king  of  the  -  501 

Umbrellas  and  parasols,  buyers  of       -    115 

Washing  expenses  in  London  -  -  190 
Waste-paper,  buyers  df-  -  -  -113 
Water,  daily  supply  of  the  metropolis  -  203 
Watermen's  Company,  form  of  license  -  95 
Weapons,  second-hand,  sellers  of  -  -  21 
Wet  house-refuse     -----   383 

means  of  removing  -   385 

Women's  second-hand  apparel,  sellers  of  44 
Wrappers  or  "bale-stuff"      -      -      -     13 


Young  Mike  the  crossing-sweeper 


493 


U)i-DON:   PBISTED  BT  WILLIAM  CLOWES  AND  SONS,  6TAUF01U)  STUKl-T. 


Uo/'^ 


